QLASGOW, March 8.— The Sham
rock II is advancing .bo rapidly
that her launching is provision
ally fixed for April 20. Her build
era are confident she will be able
to take to the water then. The yacht is
already plated to tho waterllne on bo'.h
sides and the fitting of the plates of the
top sides and deck Is proceeding. It is
expected that Lady Roberts will christen
the cup challentrer.
Designer Watson says: "If nothing un
expected happens we shall have plenty of
time for refitting on the other side. ShouM
special difficulties arise there will then bt
time for reconsideration of the dates. I
am quite confident that whether we keep
to the original dates or not we shall be
given time to get the vessel ready. It wtll
be, of course, our endeavor to keep to the
time originally fixed, and I do not expect
any trouble in so doing. '\
Sir Thomas LI p ton says that Design »-
Watson has made discoveries that would
have an Important effect in the futura
building of yachts on both sides of the
Atlantic. He added that the shape of th.e
Continued on Page Fourteen.
Cooper Is Booked.
When taken to the City Prison to be
charged Cooper recognized Corporal
"Jack" Farrotte. calling him by that
The bankbook on the •Donohue-Kelly
Bank contains but two entries. One Is
dated February 27, and shows that a de
posit of $27,970 was made on that date, al
though the figures "27" are In a different
handwriting and different colored . Ink
from that in which the figures "970" were
written. On February 23 appears an en
try purporting to show that $1700 was de
posited. A number of checks drawn on
the Bank of New Zealand and an unused
certificate of the "Monte Grande Coffee
and Commercial Company," printed by
Le Count Bros., were also found. For a
systematic course of forgery Cooper had
apparently laid out an elaborate' plan.
Miss Nora Schneider: j Do what Ernest tells
you. at once. MARIA SCHNEIDER.
This was followed on February 23 with
the dispatch purporting to come from the
mother as follows:
The Forged Dispatch.
Ernest Moore Chadwlck, M. D., M. S., Crock
ett. Cal.: Received advice per cabls this day.
Ten thousand dollars will arrive the 25th lnst. ;
Donohue Bank. CLARENCE W. ASHFORD,
British Attache.
with the telltale stubs showing his liber
ality. But there was one check bigger than
all the rest that told how, perhaps, the
love of Norine Pearl Schneider was won.
It was not detached, and across its face
the words and figures "twenty thousand
dollars (J20.000)" stood out In bold relief.
This check represented tb4 wedding por
tion which Cooper claims the mother of
Norine demanded before she would give
her consent to their union. On the stubs
from which the checks . had been torn
were shown to whom the paper had been
given. These read as follows:
Self J50 00 /
Andrews, Jewelry 250 00 '
Raphael Weil & Co 73S 50
Furniture 1,082 00
Sanborn, Vail & Co 200 00
Fred J. Jordan 1.510 00
.Furniture 23 00
Kohler & Chase, piano 750 00
Colonel Andrews. Jewelry 2,230 00
Norine .. 20,000 00
Insurance papers ioo oo
Erler 10 00
Paul 25 CO
TV. C. Yates & Co., part payment
practice 1.000 00
Onelll 43 so
Total .' J2S.OS4 00
Cooper's baggage was prolific In evi
dence. A hand book on Masonry, many
telegrams and his bankbook were cap
tured. One telecram showed that on Feb
ruary 16 he telegraphed as follows from
San Francisco: *
A Lurid Missive.
VALLEJO, Mcrch 5, 19CL
T r Mr. Ernest Chadwlck— Sir: Lovers ence, but
tr »-. r « no« Z'O Scuti you ran Imagine my
humiliation and derpalr after readlnjr of your
c ¦. »arc!y conduct with Norine Schneider. Kr-
Arother surprise had been prepared for
him. A letter without signature, post
marked Valiejo, March 6, 1901, 7 a. ra..
ar.d addressed to "D-. Ernest Chadwick
Cooper, care Captain Seymour, care Sher
iff Lackmann. San Francisco, Cal., to be
opened by 'either officer." was handed to
}.:m. The letter read 'n part as follows:
"JCcvct saw it before." Cooper respond
ed, although it was round among hl3 be
longings when he was arrested.
"Did you ever see this peal before?'
¦was Captain Seymour's first question.
This was the seal v5:ich he impressed
upon some of the documents that led to
his latest arrest.
All his personal belongings were brought
with him. These confisted of two small
valises, and the evidence upon which the
police expect to prove the charges laid
egainst him. Nearly three years' confine
ment in San Qutntln served to curb his
spirit, but not his cunning. On his re
turn trip he gave Detective Byram no
trouble, but declined to taiti of himself.
Cooper Is Silent.
It was "Hello. Harry." when he entered
Captain Seymour's office, where his com
ing was awaited by the chief of detect
ives and the detectives who knew some
thing of his career. To the salutations of
each he responded courteously, and thank
ed Detective Byram when he removed the
Iron that was first used on Hedgepeth, the
Et. Louis train robber. Cooper scarcely
* e.jpreclaled this distinction, but his com
posure never deserted him.
Suave and debonair, faultlessly at
tired In immaculate linen and a coat of
ministerial cut, but for the presence of
a ee\*enteen-pound Impediment In the
Ehape of an Oregon boot fastened above
his right ankle, none would have suspect
ed that the pleasant-voiced, unembar
rassed young man was under arrest,
charged with a serious crime.
Two charge? were pr.tered against his
r.crne. or rather namff, fcr the prisoner
if as prolific in aliases as he is in schemes
to ewindle the unwary.
,^2 IR" HARRY WESTWOOD
'^^^ COOPER, who was released from
San Quentin Prison en January
15, married Norine Schneider of
Crockett on February 23. and was
arrested a few days later at Ogden while
¦with his bride of five days, arrived at the
Hall of Justice about 7 o'clock last even
ing In the custody of Detective Byram,
who went to Ogden to bring back the
prisoner. ¦ :
That the rum of twenty-thousand pounds ster
llne (£20,C00) will be placed to your credit
•within sixty days from thedate hereof, as per
your cable Instructions to * Edward . P. Uayflen.
barrister, of Gay's buildlnr. Strand, London,
THEREFORE TAKE NOTICE
The HlEh Court of Chancery In Us probate
Jurisdiction to Ernest Moore Chadwlch. M. D..
M. S. L. M.. of Crockett. Cal.. U. S. A., and
to all to whom these presents shall come —
Greeting: Whereas. It appears as a matter of
record in this honorable court that Eliza Ade
laide Chadwick. widow, deceased, of Stockwell
Park read. London. I. C. executed an In
strument In writlr.gr. to wit. her last will an.l
testament, bequeathing to you the sum of
thlrty-cne thousand pounds sterling, in good
and lawful coin of Great Britain, and whereas,
an anolication has been made this day that
this court order and decree that the eald sum
of thlrty-cne thousand pounds sterling- (£31,-
C .'.!") be p&id to ycu, the said Ernest Moore
Chadnlrfc.
Perhaps one of the most Interesting doc
uments was an engrossed parchment pur
porting to have been Issued from the Pro
bate Court of London. It was on this doc
ument that Cooper laid out the plan which
has laid him In Jail. This paper, accord-
Ing to the dates, was drtwn before Queen
Victoria had been burled and reads, ac
cording to Cooper's rules of spelling and
construction of English, as follows:
After carefully reading It over twice
Cooper disclaimed all knowledge of the
¦writer, denied having ever been In Val
lejo or having had any association with
any one there. Then h',- and Captain Sey
mour had a heart to heart talk, In which
Cooper admitted but ?lttle. although all
kinds of documentary evidence had been
found on him.
Denies Knowledge of Writer.
nest. I can hardly believe It is bo. after all that
has passed betweeB ub — how, only a few a few
weeks since, ycu made the t-ame avowals of
love and honor to me. But, thank God'. I have
escaped such a cowardly villain. Oh. how could
you? ' Did you ever ence think of me or the
pain and humiliation you were inflicting? »Er
nest. If I was to tell my folks of the villain
who has blasted all my hopes they would follow
you to the world's end and have vengeance for
what I have suffered. But noi I vrlll be brave
and boar It all for my dear folks* sake. But
remember, it is net that you do not deserve it.
or that It is my love for you; for, remember. I
hate you now as I loved you once. But always
remember that my curses will follow you
through life. Tour picture and the tokens of
love you bestowed on me I have burned, to
forget you. The emerald ring you gave me I
win throw Into the bay, bo I will have no re
membrances of the past. As mine Is only one
of the hearts you have broken It will be no task
on your part to forget the pa*t. From one who
will try to forget but never forgive. Lora
knows all.
"SIR" HARRY WESTWOOD COOPER, WITH MANY ALIASES. AFTER A HONEYMOON TRIP LASTING FIVE
DAYS IS BROUGHT BACK FROM OGDEN IN IRONS WITHOUT HIS BRIDE. TELLTALE CHECKS AND
OTHER EVIDENCES OF GUILT FOUND OX HIM.
Noted Forger Who Married Norine Schneider of Crockett
and Was Caught on His Way East Now Awaits, in the
City Prison, Trial for His Duplicity and Scheming
COOPER BACK FROM OGDEN
WITH PROOF OF HIS GUILT
IN DOCUMENTS AND CHECKS
SIR THOMAS' CUP CHALLENGER
NEARS COMPLETION AND WILL BE
READY TO LAUNCH NEXT MONTH
Lady Roberts Will Probably Christen Yacht Shamrock II,
Which Lipton Believes Will Capture the America's
Trophy - Designer Watson Makes Discoveries
The authorities say that the responses
to this . note | have been satisfactory, all
the powers' agreeing to' the principles
therein " set forth. Tills note has caused
much 'discussion in European and Eastern
chancellories -and ¦ its -meaning h'as been
the ; subject : of . keen speculation. It" has
been by some as directed
against -Russia because of her continued
WASHINGTON, March 8.— Not only haa
the United States endeavored to prevent
any power from entering into a private
arrangement with China contemplating
the acquisition of territory, but it has
warned the Celestial Government of the
danger of incurring private financial obli
gations. This warning is contained in a
note of February. 19. -which' is one of the
Important documents issued by the United
State?. • ••'.¦¦?'
Financial Obligations.
Has Warned China Against Private
STAND TAKEN 'BY AMERICA.
"Russia's policy has shown that she
does not contemplate seizing Manchuria.
Had she desired its acquisition, a pretext
cculd have been found in the Invasion of
her territory by the Chinese. The best
proof that she has no. ulterior, designs is
shown by. her refusal to take advantage
of this pretext and her cordial co-opera
tion with the United States and other na
tions to restore peace and order through
out the Chinese empire."
"Our railway Interests in Manchuria
are very valuable and highly important,
not only to our own trade, but to the
trade of America and" other nations, and
as Count Lamsdorff, our - Minister for
Foreign Affairs, has said, it Is necessary
for the Russian military authorities to
arrange with the Chinese, when reinstat
ing them in authority, a modus vivendl to
prevent recurrence of disturbances near
the Russian frontier and Insure protec
tion of the railway to Port Arthur.
ing the position of Russia in Chinese
affairs. Her attitude Is the same to-day
as it has been since August 25 last, when
she declared that 'As soon as lasting order
shall have been established in Manchuria
and indispensable measures taken for the
protection of railway construction, which,
according to formal agreement. China has
assured. Russia will not fall to recall her
troops from these territories of the
neighboring empire, provided that the
action of other powers does not place
any obstacle in the way of such measure.'
Instructs Li to Rjfer, Russia to Other
LONDON, March .9.— "Emperor. Kwang
Su opposes the Russo-Chinese agreement
as to Manchuria," says the Peking cor-
LONDON, March . 0.— "There is much
activity In Japanese navarf military and
political circles regarding Russia's action
in Manchuria," says a dispatch to the
Daily Mall from' Kobe, -dated March 8.
"It is reported that 600 Russian' marines
with ten guns have landed at Masanpo,
Korea." • ¦ '^ ~ ' -
OPPOSED BY THE EMPEROR.
tion in Manchuria.
Taking Steps to Offset Russia's Ac-
ACTIVITY OF,: JAPANESE.
Li Hung Chang says that the return of
the temples of heaven and agriculture to
the Chinese Is absolutely necessary be
fore tho dignity of the court will permit
it to come back to Peking:.
Rockhill, at the meeting of the Minis
ters of the powers . to-morrow, will pro
pose that meetings be held hereafter daily
In order to carry the business through.
PEKING, March 8.— The French have
unofficially notified Count von Walderiee
that they will send no more expeditions
Into the country unless circumstances ab
solutely compel, and they will also with
draw their outposts beyond Paotlngtu.
French Government So Informs Csont
-von Waldersee.
WILL STOP EXPEDITIONS.
There is high authority for the state
ment that Secretary Hay, transmitted the
views of the President to China, not be
cause of suspicion of the motives of any
power, but because the President thought
it desirable to warn China against private
arrangements of any kind and to obtain
an expression of views of powers In this
matter. Count Lamsdorft's statement to
the British Embassador in St. Petersburg
is in line with representations made to
the United States by Russia In answer to
Secretary Hay's latest note.
occupation of Manchuria, and, of course,
the military authorities in negotiating a
modus Vivendi with the Chinese author
ities for the protection of the Russian
frontier and ¦ railway. Some, however,
argued that It was aimed at Germany,
because of the purpDse of the Berlin Gov
ernment to retain troops at Chili.
which Is well forward.
Watson is sanguine and Sir Thomas Is
absolutely confident that the yacht will
prove the victor In the coming racei.
Both Shamrocks will take part in the pre
liminary races on the Clyde.
respondent. of the Dally Express, "and
has. instructed, LI Hung Chang to refer
Russia to tho other powers."
Liu Kun Tl. the viceroy of Nankin, has
appealed to Great Britain. Japan and the
United States, according to the Shanghai
correspondent ¦ of the' Daily Express, to
assist China to resist Russia's designs an
Manchuria.
EX-PRESIDENT HARRISON
ISA VERY SICK MAN
Troubled With Grip and Neuralgia
and a Fear That Pneumonia
Will Develop.
INDIANAPOLIS. Ind.. March. 8.-EX-
President Harrison Is a very alck man
and his closest friends are alarmed. His
condition Is more serious than Is generally
believed. ' '
However, Dr. Jameson said to-night
that there was no Immediate danger, and.
In fact, he was not at all alarmed as to
the outcome. .
General Harrison is troubled with a com
plication of the grip and neuralgia and
there Is some fear that this wMl develop
into pneumonia. Tho disease In it se! I la
not necessarily of an farming character,
but when the age of General Harrison is
taken into consideration, with the diminu
tion of his recuperative powers, his pres
ent Illness is being viewed with much anx
iety.
Mr. Harrison suffered much pain yester
day. • The large muscles of the chest *r»
affected and the patient was confined to
his bed.
CASHES STOLEN BONDS
IN SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
Young Clerk Who Plundered an Ellz-
abethport Bank Last August Is *
Traced to Los Angeles.
NEW YORK. March S.— William Scrtber.
the young bank clerk who plundered tho
Ellzabethport Bank last August of J109.000.
has been traced to Los Angeles, Cal..
where he cashed three United States 4 per
cent bonds, which were part of his plun
der. The bond* were of the Issue of 1S33
and were for $1000 each. They had been
placed In the bank for safe keeping by the
administrators of the estate of the late
Peter F. Wlckoff of Elizabeth.
. The bank Is now being sued for the
value . of these bonds. Except th«t he
cashed the bonds In Los Angeles nothing
further has been learned of the missing
clerk.
Shamrock's hull was totally different from
anything ever before launched. This It
is believed refers to her great beam.
LADT ROBERTS. WIFE OF THE COMMANDER IN CHIEF OF THE BRITISH ARMT. WHO. IT IS EXPECTED,
WILL CHRISTEN THE CUP CHALLENGER SHAMROCK II, WHICH IS BEING PREPARED FOR LAUNCH
ING ON THE 20TH OF NEXT MONTH.
Seize Manchuria.
; WASHINGTON. March 8.-Count Cas
slnl. the Russian Embassador, cannot
understand the^report. that Russia has
ulterior designs in Manchuria. In an In
terview he said:
"There ought to be no, doubt concern-
Em'oassador Declares Russia Will Not
DENIED BY COUNT CASSINI.
A feeling pervades inner circles here
that if Count Lamsdorfs. explanation la
accepted' by the powers Russia will be
accorded a free hand to take - all eha
pleases and the door .will be opened to any
other power aggressive enough to step
In and annex Chinese, provinces under the
pretext of temporary occupation.
Upon the degrees of support- afforded
the movement by Germany and Japan de
pends the result of what is understood to
be the almost synchronous action of
Washington and London The whole affair
is guarded with the greatest secrecy, and
It was not apparently without motive that
a special dispatch was allowed to go from
London erroneously announcing that the
negotiations going on between Choate
and Lansdowne related to the Nicaragua
affair. .'•''¦
Count Lamsdorf's reply to^ Sir Charles
Scott Is considered quite unsatisfactory.
"If such excuses are accepted by the
powers." said a British official last even
ing, "there will be nothing to prevent the
Immediate partition of China, for with al
most exactly the samo verbiage any Eu
ropean power could iustlfy the occupation
of other provinces.",
Russia's Iteply Unsatisfactory.
What prompts the British Foreign Of
fice to take such an aiarmlst view of cir
cumstances usually looked upon as fatal
istic sequences Is the apprehension that
Russia, having held her own in spite of
the protest of the Ministers of the pow
ers to the Chinese Government and hav
ing put herself on record in the reply to
Sir Charles Scott as determined on at
least a temporary occupation of Man
churia, will refuse to back down. That
she must do so Lord Lansdowne considers
vital both for the future of China and for
the continued existence of the concert of
the powers.
Lord Lansdowne is using every effort to
bring tho powers Into line In order to
present to Russia such a menacing front
that, without any ambiguity regarding
temporary or other occupation, she may
give up all designs upon Manchuria.
The slcnlflcance of the present phase
can only be appreciated by those cogni
zant of the lethargic attitude of the
British Government hitherto regarding
Russian action In China. Within the last
few days all this has changed. What a
week or two ago was pronounced only in
line with Russia's usual policy Is now
termed "a grave and serious state of af
fairs."
Now Considered Very Grave.
Almost simultaneously, it is understood,
the United States Government instructed
the various Embassadors to take similar
steps:— '-'•"" "y'j\ ;;^'':. ¦¦;*¦".* ¦"• "•¦-••'- :'¦*
Tho' answer* of Secretary Hay has ap-*
parently not yet been received in London,
although the fact that almost concurrent
instructions were Issued from Washing
ton is taken' hero to bo a self guarantee
that Russia's action in Manchuria will
not be tolerated by the United States.
Japan is relied upon to take a line in har
mony with the United States and Great
Britain. Germany, in spite of the Anglo-
German compact, is regarded as rather
doubtful, owing to Emperor William's
friendship for the Czar. France, of
course, will side with her ally.
What Choate did was to receive from
Lord Lansdowne an Important message,
declaring that Great Britain was not sat
isfied with Russia's declaration regarding
Manchuria as delivered to Sir Charles
Stewart Scott. British Embassador at St.
Petersburg, by Count Lamsdorf, and ask
ing the United States If It was pro
pared to take joint action of such a de
cisive nature that Russia would have no
alterative but to recede from her position.
Asked to Take Joint Action.
The conference held Wednesday be
tween United States Embassador Choate
and Lord Lansdowne. the Foreign Secre
tary, had nothing to do with the Xlcara
guan canal. To quote from a British offi
cial, "the Nicaraguan canal controversy
Is a minor matter compared with the pres
ent situation."
LONDON, March 9.— A crisis has arisen
In Far eastern affairs, which, In the opin
ion of the British Government, Is graver
almost than the troubles which originally
turned the eyes of the world toward the
Orient. In this crisis secret negotiations
are going on between the United States
and Great Britain with a view to thwart
ing what both Governments appear to
consider a determined attempt on the part
of Russia to plant herself permanently In
one of the richest tracts of the Chinese
empire.
Significant Grouping of Interested
Nations in the Serious Crisis
Regarding Manchuria.
Other Powers Are Asked to
Check the Land Grab
in China,
AmericaaM England
Secretly Plan to
Thwart Russia.
WAR CLOUDS
AGAIN HOVER
OVER ORIENT
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MARCH 9, 1903.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 99.
th« executor of the late Mrs. Eliza Adelaide
Chadwlck aforesaid.
JThese are therefore to command you. the said
Ernest Moore Chadwlck. to be and appear In
your own proper person before Clarence TV.
AEhford. her Britannic Majesty's attacher at
the Consulate In the city of San Francisco, V:
E. A., not later than the first day of March.
A. P. 1901. next ensulngr, and then and there re
ceive from him the eum of twenty thousand
pounds (£20,000. The balance of your share In
the aforesaid estate will be paid to your credit
at the final distribution, to wit, the second day
of March, 19C2.
At your peril fall not. "God save the King."
Given, under my hand and the seal of this
Honorable Court at Somerset House, London,
E. C, this Itfth day of January, A. D. 1901.
(Seal) JAMES HARRINGTON.
Probate Judge.
Check for Norine.
The prolific checkbook was also found,
A. R.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Orleans Cannot Intsrvene.
Manchester's Mother Coming.
LONDON. March 9.— The Dowagsr
Duchess of Manchester and Sir John and
Lady Kaye will sail for New York to
day.
RIO JANEIRO. . March 8.— It is an
nounced that Dr. Bellinzaghi has cm
ployed with success In Mexico -the serum
prepared by Dr. Calvas of Brazil for the
cure of yellow fever..
Cures Fever. With. Serum.
This account of the trouble blames th"
women students, who composed 50 por
cent of the crowd, for the principal dis
turbance, ' asserting * that they screamel
and tore their clothing in order to create
the belief that they were being maltreated"
Nobody was detained after their r.amei
had been taken.
The police suspected Karpovlch from the
moment he crossed tho frontier and then
followed him to Bogoliepoff' s. They re
mained below, however, instead of enter
ing the ministry aftei* Karpovlch.
An account of Monday's riot from an
official source places the an*air«in a more
favorable light for tho police. It is stated
that the students after the celebration of
mass for Alexander II requested a ma^
for "Nicholas." As M. Bogoliepoff Is
named Nicholas vhe priests declined the
request.
ST. PETERSBURG, Wednesday, March
6- — It Is learned from an excellent source
that the police were warned beforehand
by foreign agents that three nihilists wco
coming to St. Petersburg with a commis
sion to kill M. Bogoliepoff, Minister of
Public Instruction, Minister of the In
terior Sipiaguine And a; very great pe>^
sonage. •
posed Attempt to Take the Life
of Bogoliepoff.
Foreign Agents Sent News of Pro-
WARNING WAS GIVEN
; .- TO RUSSIAN POLICE
Gould and party returned to this city to
night from their trip through Kansas and
Gould and his friends spent the evening at
a theater. To-morrow the Gould special
train will go over tho Lexington line to
Bboneville. Mo., thenee to St. Louis.
Gould said to-night that the Missouri
Paclnc would begin construction at' once
of that road from Booneville to Jefferson
City, following the Missouri River, the
line to be completed this summer.
Caugiit in a Snowslide.
TELLURIDE, Colo., March 8.— Antonio
Leonardoll, Antro Llmet and Abram Sar
tarl miners at - the Nellie mine In Bear
Creek, near, that place, were caught by
a snowsllde* near tfce mine to-day. Leo
nardolifis still buried.
P.oad From Booneville to Jefferson
City to Ba Completed This Sum
mer, Says George Gould.
KANSAS CITY. Mo.," March 8.-Ceorge
MISSOURI PACIFIC
TO RENEW BUILDING
Two Men Wounded by Bullets and
One Hundred Shots Fired Dur
ing the Disturbance.
LONDON, Ky., March 8.— A desperate
fight occurred at Manchester yesterday
about noon by the Whites and Garrards.
in which over a hundred shots were fired.
The Garrards were in the office of Sum
Cash filing bail bond3 for Jule Webb.
Taylor Spurlock. William and Dennis Mc-
Callim. charged with murder, when tho
contents of a shotcun flred from the
courthouse entered the window of Cash's
ofneo. A general fight followed on the
street.
When o.ulct was restored it was found
that Steve Spurlock was shot through the
arms and Kd Oarrard was shot through
one ear. After dark last night a deputy,
sheriff and posse of fourteen men left
Manchester for London with the above
named prisoners, arriving about daylight.
When It was safe for Judge Tlnsley to
enter • the courthouse he adjourned court
until next morning.
ARMED MEN FIGHT
IN MANCHESTER STREET
Arrangements Made for the Signing
of a New Protocol at the State
Department.
WASHINGTON. Mardh 8.—Arrange
ments) have : been made for the signing o*
a protocol at'the State Department, prob
ably to-day or . to-morrow, by which the
French reciprocity treaty will be extend
ed for one year from the 24th lnst. - The
former protocol extended the Instrument
up to that date and blnce the French Gov
ernment has now expressed a desire to
have a further extension a new protocol
is necessary. The French Government is
the only one which 1>a? signified a desire
up to this -time to have Its reciprocity
treaty prolonged by a new. protocol.
RECIPROCITS" TREATY
EXTENDED FOR FRANCE
Adjournment of Extra Session Is De
ferred Until Oregon's Representa
tive Announces His Arrival.
WASHINGTON, March S.— Final ad
journment of the extra session of the Sen
ate would have been taken to-day Had the
new Senator from Oregon, Mitchell, been
present to take the oath of office. Ho
cannot reach Washington until to-mor
row, however, and adjournment was post
poned until that time.
Hoar offered a resolution providing for
the appointment of a committee of two
Senators to wait upon the President of
tho United States and inform him that
unless he might have some further busi
ness for the* Senate to transact the body
was ready to adjourn without delay. Im
mediate consideration of the resolu
tion was recommended by Hoar, but Mor
pan said he must object. The "Senator
from Oregon, ho said, would be here to
morrow, and it waB due that Senator that
the Senate remain in session in order that
he might take the oath of ofllce before
final adjournment. The resolution went
over until to-morrow and the Senate at
1:10 p. m. adjourned.-
SENATE IS WAITING
FOR MITCHELL'S OATH
Sum to the Institution.
CHICAGO. March 8.— At a special meet
ing of the board of trustees of the Dun
ham Medical Institute to-day .Dean
Jam»3 I>. Kent announced that $1,000,000
had been given to the college for its im
mediate use by John E. Dubois. a wealthy
lumberman and mine owner of Dubois,
Pa. No reservations are attached to ths
gift. •¦•»"- ¦¦-'••
Dubcis and his wife were old patles£3
of Dr. Kent, who until his removal ib
Chicago lost spring was president of the
Philadelphia School of Homeopathy. Part
of the fund will. It is said, b© used In the
erection of a hospital in connection with
the institution.
Former Patient of the Dunham In
stitute's Dean Donates a Vast
Died of Fever Denies the
¦ ; . - Humor.
PITTSBURG, March S.— Tho mystery
surrounding C. B. Howland, or Harrison,
the alleged English Earl, who died tn
the Allegheny General Hospital of ty
phoid fever, has not yet been solved.
Th9 claim that he was the "Earl of
"VVargrave" was based on letters found
among his effects, in which he was ad
dressed as Cecil Sherbrooke Beaumont
Howland, Earl of WargTave. One letter
from "Beresford. Gray & Seymour of Lon
don England/' notified Howlaiid of th?
death of his uncle and his succession to
the title and estates. Howland was ot *>n
ffaffinsr manners and handsome, and his
conversation indicated the educated and
traveled gentleman. He rarely ref erre 1
to his past life, but of. one occasion stated
he had spent three large fortunes.
A. H. Harrison, a brother of the dead,
man who came from New York to claim
the body, denied emphatically that hi.-*
brother was of noble birth, but was silent
as to the cause for tie difference in th*
names. He admitted that th© deceased
had earned several fortunes and lost
them again In speculation. Arrangements
have been made by the brother for the
Interment of the remains in Calvary
Cemetery this afternoon. In the burial
permit the name la given ac "C. B. How.
land, or Harrison." by reason of the un
certainty over the proper name. It 13
stated that the deceased was born in
Brooklyn, N. Y.. and that he was 34 year3
of age.
GIVES ONE MILLION
TO A MEDICAL COLLZGB
Relative of Supposed Nobleman Who
SAYS HIS BROTHER
WAS NEVER AH EABI*
ST. PETERSBURG. March 8.— The
health of Count Tolstoi, the novelist and
social reformer, is occasioning uneasiness
He has grown thin and complains of pains
in tho kidneys and of liver troubles.
EMPORIA, Kans., March 8.— Two high
waymen, one of them masked, entered tho
village of Olpe, near here, last night and
held up a dozen people, the occupants of
« W^» St ? r^- s - Th f m " n flrst entered the
store of \ oung & Deibolt, .where, besides
ki i° P^Prtetors, four customers were
rebbed at the point of rifles.
fn£» ? *E obbe J s rn _ arcned the s'x victims be
fore .them to the srenera! store of S V
Sternbens. where two. other men were re'
lie\ed of some checks and the money thev
Scried/ All eight men,. with four others
who had .gathered in the street, were then
hriE£ e^£ ad °J the , h 'ehwaymen to the
nrlclpe at the edaro of town. There the
highwaymen with leveled guns compelled
the. dozen citizens to go back to town
while they made their escape. The haul
consisted of a small amount of money
several shotguns and a quantity of. jew-
Tolstoi's Serious Illness. '
Bold Crime Committed by Bandits
and Money Taken in Presence
of Kansas Citizens.
MASKED HIGHWAYMEN '
ROE COUPLE OF STORES
OGDEX. Utah, March 8.— Mrs. Majors
of Oakland. Cal., arrived in Ogden to-day,
accompanied by Miss Johnson of Iowa.
Mrs. Majors Is the mother of Abe Major3,
who some months ago was convicted of
the-murder of Police Captain Brown of
this city. Recently the Supreme Court
granted young Majors a new trial and
the mother and her companion were here
to-day to solicit financial aid for the com
ing case.
Mrs. Majors had in her possession sev
eral pictures of Abe and his brother, the
latter having been killed in the same af
fray In _which Captain Brown met his
death. She exhibited these to show that
tne boys had not the appearance of crim
inals. A curious fact about tho visit was
ft ?5 5 . called at the courthouse and so
licited aid from several officers who par
ticipated in the capture of Abe Mijors,
also from several relatives of the mur
itu d nS? llce ca P tatn - Her efforts met
with little response.
Parent of Convicted L.ad Arrives in
Ogden and Makes Arrangements
for His Defense.
MOTHER OF MAJORS
PLEADS FOR THE BOY
Call Headers ar» entitled to
the privilege of securing the
best Atlas published for $1.50.
This book is handsomely
bound in Bed Russian and
Maroon-Colored Silk, contains
about 550 pages of maps, cen
sus statistical and descriptive
matter, printed on fine Atlas
paper, and will be one of ths
handsomest books ever of
fered/ Do not consider any
other premium offer until you
have fully investigated the
merits of Cram's Atlas of the
World, 1901 edition.
THE CALL'S PREMIUM
ATLAS.
LONDON, March 9.-The Morning Post
and the Daily Express publish dispatches
from • Copenhagen declaring that the ne
gotiations between Denmark and the
United States for the purchase by the
latter of the Danish West Indies have
been definitely broken off.
Of course, the Danish Government Is
aware that the Monroe doctrine is cher
ished by the Department of State and the
Danish Government is perfectly aware
of the disposition of the State Depart
ment to acquire the Danish West Indies
for the United. States. It knows also pre
cisely the amount of money which th«
executive branch of the United Stated
Government is willing to pay for the
islands providing the assent of Congress
can be obtained. The obstacles which sell!
exist, therefore, are located entirely with
in Denmark, and when the Danish Cabi
net can succeed in securing the approval
of the Danish people to the alienation of
this territory and . is willing to accept
the price offered a treaty will be speedily
arranged for submission to Congress at its
next session.
It is said the United States has never
threatened Denmark or attempted In any
way to bring pressure to bear upon her
and the negotiations always have boon
conducted in the most amicable spirit on
both sides.
WASHINGTON, March 8.— An emphatic
denial is given at tho State Department
to the statement published in a London
newspaper to the effect that the Unlto-l
States Government has addressed a nota
"almost threatening In tone" to the Dan
ish Government declaring that it will not
permit a transfer of the Danish West In
dies to any foreign power.
State Dapartment Denies It
Has Threatened That
(jov:rnment.
DENMARK NEED
HAVE NO FEAR
The abolition of the duty affects cigars
and cigarettes as well as tobacco in leaf,
filler or cut, all of the various classes of
tobacco, raw and manufactured, having
heretofore been subject to various rates ot
duties. That on cigars has been $1 35 per
thousand; on cigarettes in boxes 90 cents
per thousand; cut tobacco, *3 75 per 100
kilos; leaf or filler tobacco, J6 35 per 1TW
kilos, except tliat harvested in the pro
vince of Santiago de Cuba and exported
through the customs-Vouses at Santiago,
Gibrara or Manzanlllo, which paid $2 20
per 100 kilos. All of these duties are abol
ished under the order of to-day.
It Is estimated by the War Department
officials that the abrogation of the tobacco
duties will cause a loss of revenue of
about $SOO,000 or $1,000,000 per year. But It
is said that this loss will be more than
offset by the encouragement given to the
planters in Cuba to increase their produc
tion. The extent of trade affected by the
order Is very large, the tobacco exports
amounting to about $20,000,000 a year. Of
this by far the larger part came to the
United States. The value of unmanufac
tured tobacco exported v.'Ithin the seven
months ended July 21 last was $5,202,000.
and of this the export to the United State*
amounted to $4,802,000. In the same period
the export cf Cuban cigars was largest
to Great Britain, the United States com
ing second. The total value of th© cljrar
exports for tho seven months was $-J,
030.000. .
General Wood's approval of the aboli
tion of this export duty Is practically an
expression of his belief that the Cuban
revenues from other sources are sufficient
for the needs of the insular government.
The original Idea was that the tobacco tax
was necessary to fully meet the financial
requirements of the Government.
WASHINGTON, March 8.— The Presi
dent to-day Issued an, executive order
abolishing tho Cuban einort duty on to
bacco from April 1 next. This action wa«
taken on the earnest recommendation of
the Cuban Economic Commission, which
recently visited Washington, Indorsed by
General Wood. A previous order had
been issued fixing an export duty of 50 per
cent on Cuban tobacco from April 1. To
day's action removes the export duty en
tirely. : si-yirzA
Export Charges on Precious
We«d Abolished by
Uncle Sam.
CUBAN TOBACCO
FREE OF DUTY
Wounded— January 4, Mount Isarog.
Luzon. Forty-seventh Infantry. Corporal
Thomas L. Casey, arm, serious; Febru
ary 24, San Vincente. Luzon, Troop F,
Third .Cavalry, Charles W. Larzelock,
wounded In thigh; moderate.
Unconfirmed information coming from
native sources says that Aguinaldo is in
hiding in the province of Isabella, on tht)
northern coast of Luzon Island. Ameri
can troops are scouting in that section of
the country.
Disappointment among American busi
ness men here with the limitations of th.?
Spooner amendment to the army bill Js
increasing as its provisions become better
known, it is considered to be especially
unfortunate in apparently prohibiting th<;
issuing of licenses for the cutting of tim
ber upon public lands. If this interpreta
tion proves correct it will be a bonanza
for the few owners of private timber lands
in these islands and the beginning o/
building activity In all towns will be con
siderably retarded.
An inquiry has been cabled to Wash
ington asking whether or not this pro
hibition on timber cutting is to be con
strued as Included in the amendment.
The Forestry Department of the Philip
pines hitherto has issued Hcepses for the
cutting of timber upon public lands for
one year.
The question of the sales and apportion
ments of land and ruining rights, although
importantly affecting the growth of busi
ness In the Philippines, can wait until- the
regular session of Congress, but lumber
«s in such great demand for building pur
poses that it would be considered most
unfortunate should the control of Its pro
duction be vested in those few men who
now own timber land.
Regret Js expressed here at the fact that
Congress does not intrust the timber,
mining and land questions to the dis
cretion of the representatives of the ad
ministration here.
Timber cutters paid the Government an
average of 5 cents per cubic foot for tim
ber cut on Government lands, of which
there are to-day about 7,000,000 acres avail
able for such cutting.
WASHINGTON, March 8.— General Mac-
Arthur's latest casualty Jist follows:
Killed— September 20. £*.i Miguel de
Mayumo, Luzon, Thirty-nfth Infantry,
Charles A. Baker: March 3, near Silang.
Luzon, Forty-sixth ' Infantry, Sergeant
Walter A. Gilrnore.
" MANILA, March 8.— Captain Duncan of
the Fourth Infantry has captured a squad
of insurgents and twelve rinVs near thj
town of Imus, in Cavite province, twelve
miles south of Manila.
General Lloyd Wheaton, commander of
the Department of Northern Luzon, re
ports the troops of his department to be
in excellent health. Less than 8 per cent
of them arc sick.
The Manila Board of Health has an
nounced that en an estimated population
of 300,000 In the city of Manila tho annual
death rate is 34 to the thousand. "
the Hiding Place of tho
. Filipino
American Troops Locating
SCOUTS SEARCH
FOR AGUINALDO
NEW TORK. March 8.— Following
closely upon the heels of the haz
ing scandals at West Point
comes the appointment of Cap
tain Charles G. Treat as com
mandant of cadets and instructor of tac
tics at the Military Academy. Although a
strict disciplinarian. Captain Treat enjoys
great popularity at the institution. He
will succeed Lieutenant Colonel Otto L.
Hein, whose four years of service will ex
pire In June. The new commandant is a
graduate of the Military Academy, to
which he was admitted from Wisconsin,
although ho was born In Maine. He was
graduated In 1SS2 and assigned as second
lieutenant in the Fifth Artillery. He was
advanced to the rank of first lieutenant
in 1KS9. He took an advanced course at
the Fort Monroe Artjjlery School and was
graduated from there in 1SSS. At the out
break of the war with Spain Lieutenant
Treat was appointed to a captaincy in the
adjutant general's department, and as
signed to duty In Cuba. For meritorious
services he was commissioned major of
volunteers. Hjs commission was dated
January 10, 1899, the next m>-» above him
on the list of eaual rank bving Putnam
B. Strons. In March. 1839. he was pro
moted to be a captain in the regular army
and transferred to i»»e Seventh Artillery,
and about a year ago he succeeded Cap
tain Granger Adams as artillery instructor
at the academy.
CAPTAIN CHARLES G. TREAT. A POPULAR OFFICER, WHO HAS
BEEN APPOINTED COMMANDANT OF CADETS AND INSTRUCTOR
OF TACTICS AT THE WEST POINT MILITARY ACADEMY.
Xavy— To be members of Board of Visi
tors to the Naval Observatory: St. Clair
McKelway of Brooklyn, N. Y.; Aspeth
Hall Jr. of Ann Arbor, Mich.; William R.
Harper of Chicago; Edward C. Pickering
of Cambridge, Mass.; Charles A>Yqung
of Princeton, N. J.; Ormonde Stone of
Charlottesville, Va.
First lieutenants to be captains In the
United States Marine Corps— Philip S.
Brown, John F. McGill, Louis M. Gullck.
David Porter and .A. J. Matthews.
Second lieutenants to be lirst lieutenants
in Marine Corps— H. J. Hirschinger, Hen
ry D. P. Lane, Harry R. Lay, Charlfcs
C. Carpenter. Charles B. Taylor, A. S.
Williams. Fred M. Eslick. Louis McLlttle,
John Muir and Frederick M. Wise.
United States Army. Infantry—Lieuten
ant colonels to be colonels: Stephen P.
Jocolyn, Twenty-fifth; Charles J. Kellar,
Twenty-second; W. F. Spurgin, Sixteenth;
Charles A. Coolldge, Ninth; Charles A.
Dompsey, First; William E. Dougherty,
Seventh. . .
Majors to b» lieutenant colonels, in
fantry—William V. Richards, Seventh;
Theodore F. Forbes, Fifth; David B. Wil
son, Twenty-fifth: Walter T. Duggren.
Tenth: Lron Matlle, Fourteenth; Butler
D. Price. Fourth. : „„„,
Cavalry— Lieutenant Colonel William
Wallace to be colonel; Major E. D. Dim
mick. Tenth, to be lieutenant colonel;
Captain George L. Scott, Sixth, to be
major.
Quartermaster's Department— Captain
John T. French Jr., to be quartermaster
with' rank of major.
John W. Miller of Wisconsin to be reg
ister of the Land Office at Wassau, Wts.
Secretary of the legation to Guatemala
and Honduras— Robert H. Green of Ken
tucky. Second secretary of legation at
Constantinople, Turkey— Philip M. Brown
of Massachusetts.
Consuls— Frank C. Dennis of Maine, at
St. John, N. F.; Ernest A. Mann of Flori
da, at Breslau, Germany; Martin J. Car
ter of Pennsylvania,' at Yarmouth, N. S
WASHINGTON, March 8.— Thp Presi
dent to-day sent the following nomina
tions to the Senate: liV.
Numerous Nominatious Sent
to Senate by Chief
Executive.
PRESIDENT NAMES
SEVERAL CONSULS
ALL, BUREAU. 1403 O STREET,
(l* N. W., WASHINGTON, March
[I 8.— Former Senator Thomas TI.
Carter of Montana, who did the
administration an important ser
vice in the closing hours of Congress by
his lonpr speech against time, which
killed the river and harbor bill and ob
viated the necessity of its veto by the
President, is to be one of the St. Louis Ex
position Commissioners. It is not assert
ed that Carter is given this place as a re
ward for his speech, 83 he is a close friend
of President McKinlev. who la known to
think so highly of him as to have con
sidered him in connection with a place in
the Cabinet had there been a general re
organization of the Cabinet at this time.
Assuming that the appointment had
been made as a reward for the speech the
former Senator would be paid at the rat>>
of a fraction less than 34 cents a word for
every word he spoke during the niRht ar.d
morning of March 3 and 4. His speech
contains 44,230 words, 'the salary of Com
missioner to the St. Louis Exposition is
$5000 a year, and the appointment is for
three years, makins a total compensation
of J15,000, or a small fraction less than 34
cents a word for Senator Carter's speech.
FORMER UNITED STATES SENATOR THOMAS H. CARTER OF MON
TANA, WHO HAS BEEN APPOINTED BY THE PRESIDENT A COM
MISSIONER AT THE ST. LO.UI3 EXPOSITION.
¦the war in So-jth Africa h:yl brought to
UpM many faults, even in those portions
of tfce army system which were believed
to be best He complained of the scanty
and reiuctsnt supp-.irt tliat the Govern
ment's proposals for strengthening the
military arm had received In the House
of Commons. ...
Broderick then proceeded to divulge the
War Office proposals, which contemplate
thp ability to send abroad three army
corps with a division of cavalry, in all
120,003 mon. and at Cw same time to have
a sufficient force for home defenses.
The War Office proposals further con
template that the country be divided into
e:x districts, each tllririct representing an
army corps, and each corps commanded
by an officer who hu-i a command in time
cf war. The artillery was obviously in
tufflcient and the iie!d artillery must be
supplemented by heavier gun?. The army
must be provided with a much larger
body of mounted men and transport, and
the musketry drill needed improving.
Favors Voluntary Enlistment.
It was a question between the voluntary
&nd the compulsory systems. He adhered
to th* former, untU-r which 140,000 men
had offered themseJyit for the war. Com
pulsion would, he pa:d, be like applying
the spear to a wffllas horse and would be
disastrous. The Government could not
hope to got rid of European rntangle
nu-nts. It could not shut out the possi
bility of having to dispatch forces to de
ter.d the British jKjsstsislons abroad.
Droderick thvn enured into details con
cerning the propoftel reorganization of the
army. Ho said the object of the Govern
inent in dividing the country into six dis
tricts was to centralize the responsibility
and decentralize the administration.
Three army corps. io be composed of reg
ulars. would be stationed at AMershot. at
Pr-.Si.-liury and in Ireland. The other three
ari:\v corps, to include sixty battalions of
miiitia and volunteers, would be stationed
ct Colchester. York and Edinburgh.
The Government in addition proposed to
raire eiprht battalions for garrison duty
fr«">m ncn about to enter the reserve, to
establish a reserve militia and to raise a
force of S/000 yei^nanry, to be armed with
ehort rii'es and bayonets. The net aridi
tior. to the- army under this scheme would
t>f 11S..WI mon. at a cot.t of £2,000,000, an-i
«9Av additional trained volunteers.
More Co-operation Desired.
Rroderir k also said it was proposed that
officers hertaftor Fhoula be able to jir.'i
c;;re their uniforms at Government estab
lishmrms at tho co«t price.
Dealing with War Ofllce reform Broder
ick insisted that there mupt be hearty co
operation between the comm«nder-in-chlef
and the Secretary fcr War. and he asked
that a committee be appointed to advise
in regard to needed changes. He Bald tile
emimates for the year, apart from the
war estimate*. amounteC to £ 29 ,6S5 .OCH.
Th»* Government had already taken on ac
cour.t cf the war tho fui! sum it expected
to have to ask for. They were determined
to carry the war to a conclusion and hai
rot stinted the nenerals in any way.
Broderick proposes to arm the volunteer
and militia artillery with field and posi
t'.on guns cf modern pattern, to raise live
mere Indian battalions for garrison duty
ar<5 to transfer the priirrisonJnR and coal
ing stations to the admiralty. He will not
increase the pay of the soldiers, but will
r'rvote more time lo maneuvers and less
time to barrack square drills. Under the
r.«=w scheme the array for home defense
will consist of l'<5SM repulars, 100.000 re
serves. 150.000 militia, 23,000 yeomanry an-J
2S0.O0IJ volunteers.
Brodc-rick emphasized the determination
of the War Office that only officers proven
fit to command in war time should have
fcppointmenta. He said:
*'V,> intend to delegate to these com
manders a large amount of the
row exercised by the War Office. I be
liove this delegation of power is the oniy
means whereby we can redeem our mili
tary system. All the forces of good na
ture, all the forces cf prejudice, all the
pressure which can be exerted will be
exerted to induce us to appoint officers to
or.mTram's for which thoy arc unfit, but
ajrain^t whom no fault can be proved. I
will not rorac to the House to ask for
thrvo largo *- stirnates for nn efficient army
and then be rncde for the sake of peace
pr.d <ju:et to put these troops under the
command of inefficient ofllcers."
Country Glad of Eef orms.
Judging from the editorials this mor.i
!nR this country will view the reforms
with the greatest satisfaction. The gen
eral belief Is that they ;ire ho thorough
and far-reachir.g as to betray the hand of
I>crd Roberts. Some of the papers con
f-ider the changes hardly sweeping enough
end are disappointed that there is no in
crease in the pay of the soldiers. Most of
them, however, recopnize that, the diffi
culties of the exchequer had to be con
sidered. ¦¦« ',--
Eroderick's speech, which lasted tw/>
and a half hours and kept the house in
terested throughout, is praised on a 1 .'
sides as n. model of what such a statement
rhot:lrt be. it contained numerous miner
details for increasing the efficiency and
comfort of the fT^es.
The remainder of the debate turned or.
the vote fcr horses, the only incident be
ine: th^ Government's refusal to say what
• price it paid for animals. The Radicals
interpreted the refusal to mean that t'o<?
authorities had been grossly swindled.
The Daily Chronicle says It fears that
when v^ace Is restored Broderlck and
. TsirA Roberts will find hard work in their
laudable efforts to exclude inefficients an 1
10 check extravagance in the crack regi
ments, but in this connection It should
be mentioned that a certain number of
commissions have been reserved for dc
rerving: men cf the rank and file.
LONDON'. March £.— In the House of
Commons to-day Broderick, Secretary of
War. prefaced his introduction of the
army <>?t!matrs for r.tOl-02 by paying that
New Arrangement Contemplates the
Dispatch of Over One Hundred
Thousand Men to Points
Outside of England.
Secretary for War Presents
His Army Estimates
to Parliament.
BRITAIN NEEDS
MODE SOLDIERS
OMAHA, March 8.— Ernest J. TColter. a
prominent merchant of Srhuyler. Xebr..
who was arrested In that city by a United
States Marshal on th<i charge of attrmpt
irg to blackmail United States Senator
Kcarns of ITtah, was arrrti^neii before
Commissioner Anderson this aftrrnoon.
He waived the preliminary hearing ar.d
was held to answer before the Federal
Grand Jury under $2000 bonds.
The arrest of W'olter was the result of
prompt work by the postofflce Inspection
department, its agents having been at
work on the case but five daya. Thpro
were three iettera written in connection
with the attempted blackmail. The first
February 19, was addressed to the newly
elected Senator at Salt Lake. It marte a
demand for $3000 and went into consid
erable detail in direvtins how the money
should be sent. It was specified that it
must be In $20 bills and that Kearns must
get a bundle of books and magazines ami
put the money between the leaves. It
was threatened that if this was not done
the writer would take Kearns* life an<l
that they would go to eternity together.
The writer said he cared nothing about
life until he could have the money, anJ
he directed that the amount be sent to
Box 4S4. Schuyler. Xebr.
Two days later. February 21. the sumo
person wrote a letter to Mrs. Kearns de
manding $12,000 at onco, and another $120)
by August 1. A threat of kidnaping her
children, was made as a penalty for non
compliance, and the writer stated that he
was an "expert with dynamite and nltro
glycerln."
These letters were put into the pn?=«pg
sion of Inspector Sullivan of Denver, who
at oncn started for Schuyler, arriving
there Tuesday. He called at the pn*t
ofllce and inquired who had rented lock
box 4S1, and was tr>ld that it had been
rented by Ernest J. Wolter. the proprietor
of a leading retail establishment of that
city. The inspector also learned that tho
Postmaster at Rogers. Nehr., had re
ceived a letter signed J. B. Walker, ask
ing him If a lockbox could be rented with
a combination that could be opened
hurriedly. The writer stated that he was
! a traveling man and had occasion to re
ceive mail at Rogers and did not wish to
ask for it. "
Th<» inspector confronted Walter -with
this letter and he admitted having written
It, saying he had done so at th* request
of a traveling man named Walker, nbom
[ whereabouts was unknown, and Walter's
j arrest followed."
i Wolter refused to dlreuss the case f:ir
i ther than to say that he is not guilty aa
charged. "The case may look bad upon
its face." he said, "but I have no mis.-.iv
ings as to the outcome. Th»re art- othpr
parties In this. That's all I care to say
at present."
Welter went to Schuyler from Salt L.iSo
three years ago and opened a lar.re <lry
gooda establishment, taking a prominent
part in the business affairs of the com
munity. Hitherto he had borne a roo<1
reputation, and the news" of hl3 ariest
was received with much surprise. While
in Utah he conducted stores in several
towa-4, and during his way at Sail L;!ke
became familiar with the reputed wealth
of Senator Kearns. He gave bond and
returned to Schuyler this evening.
WOLTER MUST
NOW EXPLAIN
The Nebraska Merchant,
Charged With Blackmail,
Is Held to Answer.
He Is Arraigned In Omaha and Is Or
dered to Tell His Story to
the Federal Grand
Governor Allen denlor*s the unfortunate
occurrences, especially the action of the
artillerymen. Corporal Hlscock has been
placed under arrest and is now in th'i
guardhouse. It is probable that he wl!l
be tried by court-martial.
Tho teachers who have been questioned
on the subject have made statements
agreeing: with those of Superintendent
Armstrong to the efTect that the girl was
not harmed. It is probable that four-flfth.V
of those who took pai t in the rioting dLl
not know why they were mobbing the
American?. The rioters mostly belonged
to the unemployed Workmen of the popu
lation.
In the meantime the city police had firol
about 100 shots, mostlv In the air. There
were no casualties. Several other Ameri
cans besides the treasury clerk were
stoned from roofs and balconies. At S
o'clock last night the city presented i*»
usual tranquil appearance. Up to the hour
of lillng this dispatch to-day there has
been no further demonstration.
Firing by the Police.
A treasury clerk, who was one of the
men who ejected the lioters from tho
Independencia, was attacked, stoned and
disarmed by the mob. The insular police,
who have no jurisdiction in the city ex
cept In rases of emergency and at the call
of the Mayor and Governor, were not
called upon until 6 o'clock. At that tlm*
the artillerymen previously referred to
took the Initiative without orders and dis
persed the gathering.
This excited the girl's mother and sensa
tional stories were circulated with the
result that when the school children were
dismissed a number of boys gathered to
gether and paraded the streets. Thoy
were joined by many loafers and full
grown men and It became necessary for
the pollce\to escort Superintendent Arm
strong 1 from the schoolhouse to his home.
The Superintendent and policemen were
stoned as they passed through the streets
and, as the crowtFyonstantly increased In
size, the Americans sought refuge In tho
Independencia building. A number of
persona from the crowd succeeded in en
tering the building, but were ejected by
employes and others.
By 5 o'clock affairs had assumed such
a threatening aspect that Governor Allen
ordered the Mayor to disperse the mob.
notifying him that he sheuld ask for Gov
ernment assistance if he was In need of
It. The Mayor, however, paid no ptten
tion to the Governor's notification, al
though the city police, were poworlesr,
not being in any way respected by the riot
ers, whom they did not attempt to dis
perse. At 5:30 p. m. the offices were closed
and Martin C. Brumbaugh, tho Commis
sioner of Education of Porto Rico, asked
for police protection of his office and
hotel. _v.; = : v
Causes of the Riot.
The excitement originated in a trivial
school incident Involving Superintendent
Armstrong and illustrating the excitable
nature of the Porto Ricans. The Superin
tendent reprimanded a girl, 10 years of
age, for disobedience and forcibly but
harmlessly marched her to the front from
the rear of the schoolroom. Her dress
caught in a desk and was torn and the
girl reported to her mother that she had
been kicked and abused.
For hours previous to the rescue of Su
perintendent Armstrong tne city had be«n
overrun by a riotous crowd of probably
1500 persons, who shouted "Down with the
Americans" and other similar cries.
SAN JUAN DE PORTO RICO, March
8.— A' serious riot occurred hero yester
day. At 6 .o'clock in the evening five ar
tillerymen 'and a corporal of artillery
named Hlscock left their guard post with
out orders and. charged across the plaz.i
into a street in which a mob of people had
assembled. The soldiers fired a volley Into
the air. dispersed**th3 mob and rescued
School Superintendent Armstrong, who
was besieged by the mob in a house sit
uated about a block from the cltv conter.
Governor Allen Orders Mayor to Dis
pers8 th.2 Mob and City Police
Fire One Hundred
Serious Disturbance Caused
by a Volley Fired by
the Amiricans.
RIOT ALARMS
PORTO RICANS
CAPTAIN TREAT CHOSEN
TO COMMAND CADETS
Although Popular as an Officer and In
structor, He Will See That There Is
No More Hazing at Military Academy
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH !>, 1901
His Salary as St. Louis Exposition Com
missioner Will Equal Thirty-Four
Cents for Each Word -in Address
CARTER IS WELL PAID
FOR HIS LONG SPEECH
Florida papers report that the lobster la
disappearing.
Send nomoney.but write Dr.Shoop.Jtaclne."Wls.,
boxl37,for bIx bottles of Dr.Shoop'i Restoratlv*;
express paid. If cured.pay |5.50— If not.lt Is free*
If You Have Dyspepsia
LITTLE ROCK. Ark.. March 8.— Kirbv
Graves. Bill Johnson and Henry Brooks,
negroes, were hanged at Richmond, Llttlo
River County, to-day for murder. Graves
and Johnson were convicted' of murdering
Edward Evans, white, iand Brooks titaa
convicted of murdering 1 Frank . Hepson,
colored. V 4AHHI
Three Hangings in Arkansas.
BARCELONA, March 8.— Paul Derou
lede sailed from Barcelona for Geno.a, ac
companied by his sister and Marcel Ha
bert.
PARIS. March 8.— Andre Buffet, In an
Interview published in Paris this morning,
denies the report that the Duke of Or
leans will act as one of his seconds, and
asserts that the Duke's Intervention is
quite out of the question.
Jury.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONTAGION AND INFECTION.
La Grippe Is Infectious but Not Con-
CoxitecrioHS dlreases nr? communicated
froi» one person to another: infectious
diseases are conveyed through the air.
'Smallpox Is ¦ contagious disease; La
Orippe is infectious. When an epidemic of
the pTip is prevailing It Is in the air we
breathe, and no one Is safe.
The only s--af<=truard is to keep the sys-
tem In th*> highest possible condition of
health, nnd on the first appearance of a
cold in the head to usp some safe antisep-
tic like Stuart's Catarrh Tablets freely.
A tablet taken every hour or two for "a
couple of davs will be sufficient to break
up the attack.
La Grippe attacks the weakest part of
*.h<? syFtom; it may be the lungs, heart,
liver, stomach or kidneys, but wherever It
finally locates it almost invariably starts
\r!th cold in the head and throat, or. in
other words, the disease at the beginning
if ncutp cartarrh.
Tni? Is the reason Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets have been so successful In break-
ing Mp attacks of grip, the antiseptic
properties of the remedy destroy the
frerms before the whole system is thor-
oughly infected.
Dr. Anniston says: Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets, being free from* cocain»» and
harmful drugs, should be freely used at
this time of year on the first appearance
of RTip Ermptoms. —
They check the excessive catarrhal
secretions, stop the faver and prevent
pneumonia.
They are composed of antiseptics and
may b# u?ed b>' little children as freely as
by a<5«Its and with great b*»n<?flt.
Dr. Lewiston says: My usual prescrip-
tion for the grin is Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
let! 1 , which can be found at all drugstore?.
Keep to the house for a day or two and
n«*> the tablets freely, and I- have ne\-er
jaetrd any complaint of. failure to .cure.
The Grip Cure Ti*at Does Cure
Laxative Urcmo-Qulnine removes the cause. *
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This Month
Danger to health is especially great.
You can best prevent illness by tak-
ing Hood's Sarsaparilla to keep yo;:r
blood pure, sustain your appetite and
build ur> your strength.
If you think you arc attacked by the
grip or severe cold, the first and best
thing to do is to open the bowels with
a good dose of Hood's Pills.
These are good suggestions. If fol-
lowed they may save you many ills and
doctor's bills.
Mood's
Sarsapanlla
And Hood's Pills make the best com-
bination of medicines ever devised.
m 9 si $3 fj&23 f^ Ec?J © fi Stel
H ZQ ra F& fc w%$ •T&^?"SAN JOSE, March 8.— Judge Rhodes to
day decided that County Auditor Murphy
was entitled to the salary of the 'office
from November 20, IWO. to February -1,
1901, during- which iirr.e the office was* be
ing contested by Auditor Col, who was
appointed by the Supervisors. This de
cision gives Murphy $825, Col also drew
the salary of the olllce for that time and
the county must: now- pay the bill twice.
The same decision will apply in the office
of City Justice, and Justice Richardson
will get pay from the city for the time he
was deprived of office by Justice Cobb,
County Pays Double Salary.'
These.pensions were issued to-day: Cal
ifornia— Original— William Gibbs. San
Francisco, $6: Francis S. Earle, San Di
ego, $12. Increase— George B. Hayden, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles, J24. Original
widows, etc.— Caroline Shuler, Los Ange
les. $8: Elizabeth Wood, PortervIUe, $8;
Malvina J. Williams, Porterville, $20.
War with Spain, widow-Mary E, Hollo
way, Gilroy, $12.
Oregon— William Lyman Chittenden,
Soldiers' Home, Roseburg.
The abstract condition of the national
banks of San Francisco at the close ' of
business February 5, as reported to the
Comptroller of the Currency, shows an
average reserve of 35.66 per cent. Loans
and discounts are $18,072,652; gold coin, $3,
532,595; lawful money reserve, $4,087,976; in
dividual deposits, $15,255,185. The banks of
Los Angeles show an average reserve held
of S2.1 per cent. . Loans and discounts. $4.
722.195; gold coin. J5S7.610; total specie, $854,
851; lawful money reserve, $304,408; individ
ual deposits, $3,785,430.
The following assistant surgeons of vol
unteers recently appointed are ordered to
proceed to San Francisco, thence to Ma
nila, for assignment to duty: Captain
James S. Kennedy from Fort Sam Hous
ton, Texas; Captain Frank P. Kenyon,
Joplln, Mo.; Captain Dwlght D. Taylor,
Columbus Barracks, Ohio.
WASHINGTON. March 8.— Mary B.
King has been commissioned Postmistress
at Entlat, Wash. Sub-station No. 32 at
San Francisco will be established April 1
at 2926 Washington street.
Of Interest to the Coast.
Steer Roping and Bronco "Busting"
Amuse Distinguished Visitors
. at- Phoenix. -
PHOENIX, Ariz., March 8.— Maddened
steers tossed cowboys' high Into the air,
broncos threw their erstwhile riders mer
cilessly and other unexpected events com
bined to produce probably the most sen
sational steer-tying contest and bronco
busting exhibition ever witnessed In the
West before the amazed eyes of the Chi
cago Commercial Club In Phoenix this
afternoon. The most exciting feature was
the narrow escape of Charlte Davis. After
his iariat snapped in twain and he was
dismounted by a charging beast he seized
the animal by the horns and was wildly
tossed about for fully five minutes. The
visitors were entertained by Governor
Uurnkv,
CHICAGO GUESTS VIEW
WILD FRONTIER; FEATS
Warrant Sworn Out Aguinst Him for
Violating a Signboard
Ordinance.
SAK JOSE, March 8.— Chief Kldward,
who has been particularly vigilant In en
forcing an ordinance relating to sidewalk
signs, had the table3 turned on him this
afternoon and for ten minutes he hustled
about to comply with tho ordinance and
save himself from arrest. During this
time a warrant drawn up and signed was
awaiting service in City Justice Richard
son's court. '^'\
An ordinance provides that signs over
sidewalks must be crescent-shaped and
nine feet from the walk. A. E. White,
proprietor of a First-street restaurant,
was obliged to remove a sign by the po
lice This afternoon. In passing Chief
KIdward's livery stable on San Fernando
street, he espied a sign hung in violation
of the ordinance. White saw a chance to
retaliate and at once went before Justice
Richardson and swore to a warrant ¦ for
the Chiefs arrest.
The police were called in, but, trem
bling, tried to avert the serving of the
warrant on their Chief. Kldward was
communicated with and begged ten min
utes' time to take down his sign. White
granted the request and the arrest of the
Chief and its accompanying perplexities
were thereby averted.
SAN JOSE POLICE CHIEF
BARELY ESCAPES ARREST
FROM PRISON TO ASYIiTTM.
, SAN RAFAEL. March 8.— Antone Vital,
'an insane convict, was to-day shipped
from San Quentln prison to the Ukiah
Asylum. Some time ago Vital, who was
employed In" the jute mill, assaulted a
guard and was removed" to the incorrigi
ble cell. Several days ago Guard E.
Jones, upon opening Vital's cell door, was
knocked senseless with a piece of Iron by
the desperate man.
Vital was convicted of the murder of
several Chinese in Santa Barbara County
In the early nineties and sentenced to be
hanged. Before the time for his execu
tion arrived he became a maniac. Gover
nor Markham commuted his sentence on
the ground of insanity and he was sent
to the Stockton insane asylum. While
confined at the latter place he effected his
escape and was at large for some months.
When recaptured he was returned to San
QUentin,
Cloudburst Does Damage.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. March 8.— A cloud
burst in Marlcopa County, south of
Tempe. this morning carried away five
miles of track of the Maricopa and Phoe
nix Railroad. A large force of men was
put at work to repair the damage, but
it will be a week or two before connec
tions are made.
CHINESE PLOT FAXLS.
Arrested for Perjury.
Accuser of a Mongol Maid Will Ba
SAN JOSE, March 8.— The rivalry of
Chinese factions for possession of Lai
Hal, a comely Chinese maiden of Stock
ton, figured ln Justice Wallace's court to
day and Jan John, a sporty Celestial of
this city. Is to be prosecuted for perjury.
Lai Hal was brought here from Stockton
on a charge of grand larceny preferred
by Jan. He alleged that on December 8
sho surreptitiously left him. taking with
her $200 of his monoy. Stockton friends
of the girl were present and proved she
was in that city at the time of the alleged
robbery. The charge was dismissed. Her
friends denounce it as an attempt to get
possession of the girl and they will re
taliate with a perjury charge.
ENTER STANFORD'S FACULTY.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 8.—
The university announces' the appoint
ments of Dr. Edward Playfair Anderson
as assistant professor of English philology
and M. M. Ramsey as assistant professor
of Spanish. Professor Anderson has been
for the past five years connected with the
Washburn School at San Jose. Professor
Ramsey is a well-known authority on
modern Spanish and the literature of the
Spanish-American countries. His appoint
ment Is the first step in the development
of the study of Spanish at the university.
The defense had not finished with the
witness when adjournment was taken for
the day.
Mansfield admitted that Desirello, while
confined In Jail, was allowed to eat with
the jailer and given other privileges not
enjoyed by prisoners. It developed that
Deslrello Is an Italian politician at Colma
and has considerable influence ln that lo
cality, and the defense Intimated that this
had saved him from prosecution. Mans
field admitted that Deslrello had been a
member of a Republican convention which
named Mansfield's opponent for Sheriff,
but while the deputy differed from his
chief In politics he was retained in office.
On cross-examination by Attorney Rich
ards for the defense, Mansfield admitted
that he had summoned the jurors to try
his deputy, Desirello. for murder, and that
most if not all of the members of the two
juries that disagreed were special venire
men. In the first trial he had summoned
A. J. Fromm, a saloon-keeper, who served
on the jury. This jury stood six to six for
acquittal and Fromm voted for acquittal.
After the jury, was discharged. Mansfield
walked with Fromm down to the latter^
saloon and there "treated" Fromm anu
the crowd. A partner of Fromm, M. Du
lack, served the drinks. On the second
jury Dulack served as a juryman and was
summoned by Mansfield. Along this line
Mansfield was willingly led by the defense.
Mansfield denied the substance of the
article in toto. He admitted that he and
Desirello had been friends for years.
Manslle'.d said he did not consider the
Sheriff's duties to be those of prosecutor,
and he had done no more than summon
the Jury. He had asked the editor to re
tract the charges, and O'Keefe refused.
He believed his reputation had been dam
aged to the extent of $10,000, and therefore
brought suit.
The suit is based on an article in which
Sheriff Mansfield and Judge Buck of the
Superior Court of San Mateo were ac
cused of lack of interest in the prosecu
tion of Frederick Desirello, a deputy of
the Sheriff, who shot and killed James
Johnson, a bov, at Colma ln March, 1S99.
These officials were charged with using
their influence to obtain Deslrello's ac
quittal. Two trials of Desirello resulted in
disagreements.
SAN JOSE, March 8.— The taking of evi
dence in the $10,000 libel suit of Sheriff
Mansfield of San Mateo County against
D.*E. O'Keefe of the Redwood City Tlmes
'iazette becran before Judge Lorlgan to
day. A jury was sworn In thla forenoon
and this afternoon complainant took the
stand. * . ¦¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Since the announcement ln the Council
meeting that students had been frequent
ing saloons, poolrooms and cardrooms the
proctor of Ferry Hall, the boys' dormi
tory, has made a rule that students who
live there shall not leave the building
after 7 p. m., except on Sunday evening,
without a permit. This order has caused
considerable feeling among the students,
and a large placard was placed over the
main entrance to the building, on which
was printed in large black letters the
words, "Ferry Prison." The rooms are
called "cells." the inspectors "keepers"
and the proctor "warden." The leaders
of this movement, if caught, will be se
verely disciplined.
TACOMA, March 8.— Twenty mischiev
ous students at the Washington Agricul
tural College at Pullman created a sensa
tion last night by firing the cannon pro
vided for? tho use of the cadets and de
stroying $300 worth of glass in the ar
mory building. The cannon was fired by
the^use of a long fuse, which allowed the
students to get into their rooms in the
dormitory before the explosion. The con
cussion broke every pane of glass in the
armory building, "thirty-five windows be
ing shattered. When the night watchman
reached the scene he found no one, as all
the students had escaped.
Night Watchman Gregg is accused by
the students of playing detective and he
was accordingly punished by having nu
merous buckets of ice water thrown upon
him from windows above when ho
reached the boys' dormitory to Investi
gate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
students Cause Wholesale
Destruction of Win
dow Glass.
FIRE A CANNON
ON THE CAMPUS
wirtSi t0 the found * rs ln th * Allowing
. . xvhe " ! a ma n becomes weak and deerenlt
through' tho ravages of time . we must pity
him but when an Institution takes on the
features of age It is to be severely critl.-lzed
Should this university grow narrow or flabby
«t« Z ll agsre^ atl °n °f noble buildings,
stand as the monument of two loving parents
?£S ga , V * h" that °L hers " chlldr * n might reap
p^rmlt^o^enTo^ 11 thC ' r ° WD 8On ™ S n ° ?
Music was furnished by the Stanford
cnoral of one hundred voices.
Mansfield the First Witness
in His Suit Against an
Editor,
In closing Mr. Lummis paid a sincere
SHERIFF GIVES
HIS TESTIMONY
Every man who is educated will work; lie
will see that honesty Is more than not taking
his neighbor's goods. Ills duty to make somo
return to the world will be recognized.
To see things as they are In their proper
relations Is In Itself an "education. Xo man
commits a crime who foresees the results o*
his acts. The -criminal sees only himself.
his environment. Man must be bigger than
anything that can happen to him, for man
is not a happening:. The law of gravitation
Is no curtailment of our liberties. Freedom
even academic freedom— Is* to do only what
becomes a man. More than that no one should
a?k for.
To carry out this tremendous contract
will strain the facilities of the Southern.
Pacific transportation department. A
great many cars will be required. The
shipments are now in progress and long
sugar-laden trains are daily passing
through Los Angeles.
The reason for the scarcity of cars for
fruit shipping is explained as follows: The
Southern Pacific Company has entered
into a contract to haul over the Sunset
route the entire sugar crop of Hawaii.
About 100,000 tons of raw sugar will bo
brought to San Francisco, whence it will
be taken over* the long haul . by rail to
Galveston and Morgan City, thence sent
by the Morgan line of steamers to the
Baltimore, Philadelphia and New York
renneries.
LOS ANGELES. Marrb 8.— Complaints
continue to come In from all over South
ern California about the shortage of fruit
cars and the Inability of the railroad
companies to handle the big orange, crop.
Many of the large growers have already
lost heavily, and If something is not. done
soon tons of marketable oranges 'and lem
ofis will go to waste. The situation is de
clared to be unprecedented. Thousands of
dollars have been lost to the fruit grow
ers of Southern California, with more to
follow, even under the most favorable
circumstances. Unless a special effort is
made by the railroads great hardship is
certain to resuil to the orchardists.
Redlands shiipers are greatly alarmed
by tht luck of cars to take away the
packed navels stacked up in the packing
houses, it-adv to leavf for the East as
soon as the oars to take them away ar
rive. Several packing- houses have been
forced to close their doors, not because of
any scarcity of fruit, but simply because
they cannot get cars.
Corona and Riverside packing-houses
tell the same tale. Covina orange hand
lers cannot get cars. Fullerton men ftar
a large part of the crop, will be lost un
less something be done Immediately.
Much' of the packed crop is already unfit
for shipping Ebst and has been thrown
out. Indeed, many of the packers have
had their men at work unpacking oranges
that were ready for shipment, simply be
cause they might keep a little longer un
boxed.
Special Dispatch to The Call
Shortage of Cars Disastrous
to 0wn§rs of Orange
Orchards.
FRUIT GROWERS
LOSING HEAVILY
Students.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 8.—
Services in commemoration of the found
ing of Stanford University were held to
night In Assembly Hall. The address of
the evening was delivered by Charles F.
Lummis of Ix>s Angeles, who took as his
topic "Education." Mr. Lummis said in
part: »
The university Is but a part of the world
and its purpose is to help the individual to
see and to distinguish. Had the world ap
peared the same to all of us everything would
have teen so agreeable that there would have
been no- n°ed for language.
Kiiucation is liberty and cannot exist with
out it. It is a drawing forth, not of the
emotions nor of the memory, but of the abil
ity to see things In their true proportions,
Rnd to make use of them as their value Jus
tifies. The test of the value of, an education
is not what we Jearn in facts, but what we
know in terms of wise actlona. It Is not what
we eat but what we are that counts. The
university can provide food, but -it cannot dl
port it for you. The lumber pile of facts
should be so sorted that you can easily nnJ
what you want. Education can develop the
mind 'but It cannot change the heart, and
what the individual needs is a sincerity of
¦ Xo one is educated who is overmastered by
STANFORD UNIVERSITY
HONORS ITS FOUNDERS
Charles F. Lummis of Los Angeles
Delivers an Address to
CORTE MADERA. March 8.—Pic
turesque Corte Madera is to have
a new church. The Episcopal
families of this place have here
tofore been without a place of
worship, but this want Is to be supplied,
and one of the daintiest and most perfect
of rural churches Jn the diocese of Cali
fornia is to be erected during the present
season.
The plans are those of Newsom, New
som & Newsom, prepared under the sug
gestions of Archdeacon Emery, whose
taete in church architecture has been
many timos demonstrated. The style of
the church is rural English, with a first
story of cobbles, laid in open joints. "Win
dows of cathedral glass will open out be
low the roof. The roof is to be heavily
shingled, rolling at the ends. The interior
Is to be cruciform in shape and finished
in native woods. Stained glass rose win
dows will adorn either end.
The church is calculated to seat 250 per
sons, and is expected to cost about $5000.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Plans Are Drawn in Accordance With the Suggestions
of Archdeacon Emery and the Edifice Will Be One of
the Most Picturesque Houses of Worship in California
CORTE MADERA EPISCOPALIANS
WILL ERECT A NEW CHURCH
Fate of Bills That the Governor Has
Passed Upon.
SACRAMENTO, March 8.— Governor
Gage to-day approved the Lukens bill.
appropriating $200,000 for the support of
the university, and that appropriating
150,000 to cover the probable loss of that
amount loaned by the university regent3
to William G. Turner of Merced.
Tho Finance Committee's bill requiring
foreign corporations to pay the same fee3
for filing papers with the Secretary of
State as are charged domestic corpora
tions also received the Governor's signa
ture.
Another bill of importance approved is
that of Lukens providing for independ
ent and unattached companies.
Other bills signed by the Governor are
the following:
By Flint— Authorizing suit to be brought
against the State to quiet title to certain lands
In San Benito County.
By Selvage— Appropriating $3)00 for the prop
agation of steelhead trout in Humboliit County.
By Devlin— Appropriating I23C0 for the erec
tion of monuments in the State burial plat M
deceased officers of the State.
i By Webber— Making it a felony for any per
son not authorized by law to bring upon prison
grounds firearms. Intoxicating liquors, oplur*
or morrhine.
By Henry— Restricting the hour* of service
by police officers to eight a day.
By Henry— Appropriating 1300 to pa7 the
claim of the American Type Founders' Com
pany against the State.
The following bills have been vetoed:
By Maenter-Changing the existing law relat
ing to the failure of pawnbrokers or their rep
resentatives to show their registers and to ex
hibit all articles received In pledge upon th«
demand of any sheriff, chief of police. cUy
marshal or any other person authorized by any
Of them.
By Nutt— Providing for the dissolution 6f
Irrigation districts.
By Smith of Kern— Amending the Political
Code so as to take from the Board of Examin
ers the power of Investing the proceeds of sales
of State school lands in the civil funded bonda
of this State. United States bonds and la bonds
of the several counties, and giving this power
to the State Treasurer, with permission to in
vest the money In the bonds of the several mu-
Mclpalities and nchool districts.
By Sires— Requiring the trustees of the Horn*
for Feeble-Mlnded Children to account for their
contingent fund to the Controller Instead of to
the Controller and Stata Board of Examiners,
as at present.
Bills Successful in Assembly.
SACRAMENTO. March 8.— Tho Assem
bly passed the following bills to-nlsht:
By Selvage, extending the "life" of tick
ets sold by railroad companies; by Guil
foyle. regulating the hours of service on
regular duty by members of fire; depart
ments; by Melick, increasing trie powers
of Board3 of Supervisors: by Knowland.
prescribing a course of study In schools;
by Cavagnaro, providing for the Issuance
and sale of State bonds to create a fund
for the construction and extension by the
Board of State Harbor Commissioners of
the seawall and thoroughfare on the
water front of San Francisco: by Devlin,
to Insure the better education of practi
tioners of dental surgery; by Radcliff,
appropriating $187 to pay the expenses in
curred for the l'uneral of the late Lieuten
ant Hartley R. Hodgson. N. G. C.
Textbook Commission.
SACRAMENTO. March 8.— The Senate
passed Leavltt's bill which provides for
the creation of a State JBoard of Textbook
Commissioners, consisting of the Stato
Superintendent of Public Instruction and
the State Printer, who shall have power
to revise and compile the textbooks used
In the public schools. The bill provides
for a secretary to the board and carries
an appropriation of $20,000.
APPROVALS AND VETOES.
I am against him when he Is wronsr. and no
man shall say I shall support Mm when I be
lieve h,e Is wrong.
There is not a man in this State who can buy
my vote in any way or by any influence, and
the course I have pursued Is my own. I voted
against the plague bills because I thought they
were wrong. 1 voted against other measures
because I thought they were wrong. I vote a.i
I please and I ask no man's permission, and
no man — I care not who he js — ran Influence my
course; and the Governor of this State cannot
force me to vote for a measure which I believe
to be wronj.
There was a lone silence a3 Belahaw
sat down. There had been no passion In
his voice, but as he proceeded with his
arraignment he became deadly in earnest
and his words thrilled with the sup
pressed excitement that held him. He
used no Invectives, but his charge was
clear and to the heart of the condition
of things at this Legislature. He ds
manded that the Governor stay within
the powers and province of the Execu
tive and leave legislation to those In
whose hands the constitution has placed
it. It was a bold and a dangerous thins
to do, but as those who afterward voted
against him enviously said. "Beishaw
doesn't have to live by politics."
Fellow-Senators Criticize.
Shortridge followed him, saying tho
Senator from Contra Coata had mistaken
the meaning of the motion.
Smith of Kern said nothing had hap
pened in this seslon which would cause
so much regret as the "intemperate
speech of the Senator from Contra
Costa."
Curtln regretted the "lack of good
Judgment," and Senators who have bills
in the Governor's hands, or bills going
there, stood up and thrust the Iron Into
the man they knew had expressed, tho
conviction of them all.
Cutter again declared that there was
no personality in the matter, and the dis
cussion drifted upon the merits of the
measure. The motion to rescind the
resolution was passed by a vote which
showed the Contra Costan's words had
not passed unheeded. The roll call was
as follows:
Ayes— Bcttman. Corlett. Curtin. Cutter. Flint.
Laird, Leavitt. Lukens, Muenter, Nelson.
Oneal, Pace, Shortridge. Simpson. Smith of
Kern. Tyrrell of San Francisco. Welch and
Wolfe— IS.
Noes— Ash*. Beishaw. Burnett. Byrnes, Davis,
Greenwell, Hoey. Lardnw ana PItinlwtt— ?.
Absent— Caldwell. Currier, Goad, I.uchslngr»r.
Maggard, Xutt, Rowell. Selvage. S!m*. Smith
of Los Angeles, Taylor and Tyrrell of Nevada—
12.
Excused from voting— Devlin, who la a Prison
Director.
BELSHAW'S DEFIANCE
TO GOVERNOR GAGE
Senator Bitterly Arraigns the Executive
for Interfering With the Preroga
tives of the State's Legislators
Special Dispatch to The Cal?
-CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, March 8.— There was an unex
pected sensation in the Senate to-night
when Beishaw. speaking against a mo
tion, to rescind the resolution adopted on
February 20. providing for the appoint
ment of a committee to Investigate the
State prisons, accused the Governor of
putting upon him a personal slight and
Indulging In petty dealing. The resolu
tion to rescind was Introduced by Cutter
earlier in the day, and was taken up to
night. .
. Cutter opened the discussion by re
ferring; back to a bill of $14,000 Incurred
by a former committee to investigate
the prisons, and predicted a similar, if
not a larger, expense should the resolu
tion adopted on February 20 be allowed
to stand.
Beishaw followed him. He spoke first
of the need of such a committee and of
the willingness of the Senate to adopt a
resolution providing for Its appointment
only a few days ago. Then he said:
I consider this attemot taken, to rescind the
action taken as a personal slight needlessly put
upon myself and a direct slap at me, delivered
by the Governor of this State, and I do not
propose to take «uch a slap from any man. I
am my own master here. I take orders from no
one, and that is the reason this resolution Is
going to be put through.
I am of one branch of the government; the
executive of this State is of another; and If he
is to run all branches we have a poor form or
republican government. It would be much bet
ter If were a monarchical government. This
resolution Is Introduced because I would not
take orders from him— because 1 am on the floor
o( this Senate when people high in the govern
ment of this State did not want me here.
Ordered by the Governor.
I know this motion emanates from the Gov
ernor because I have been told that he has or
dered it. Senators on this floor have come to
me and told me that they had to vote for It
because the Governor had ordered them to — and
I respect them for it. They did not try to
hide; they came out directly and told me why
they would have to vote as they will vote. I
presume they thought Beishaw would be on the
committee of Investigation, and they feared
that, as there was some trouble In the last
campaign In San Quentln precinct, they would
get the worst of It. But they need not have
feared. I hope I am man enough, not to feel
the spirit they would credit me with havinar. It
they have anything down there to. hide I do
rot know It, nor will I be a party to it; but I
would not be unfair. ..
If the Governor of this State were assailed
unjustly and without cause I would be the first
Senator upon this floor to get behind him and
uphold him. I am with him when he Is right;
BUSHED THBOTJGH" SENATE.
Bill Knocking: Out Civil Service in
San Francisco Passes.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 8.— Just before the ad
journment of the Senate to-day J. G. Tyr
rell's bill" to knock out the civil service
provisions of the San Francisco charter
was taken up and passed. Few in the
Senate knew what they were voting on,
and there was no notice of a motion to re
consider, so the bill will go to the Assem
bly.
PLACED ON SPECIAL FILE.
Early Action in Assembly on th9
China Basin Lease.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. . SACRA
MENTO, March 8.— In the Assembly to
day Brown of San Mateo succeeded in get
ting Senate bill 654, ratifying the China
Basin lease, placed on the Senate special
file without reference to a committee,
withdrawing at the same time his own
corresponding Assembly bill.
Bills Passed by the Senate.
SACRAMENTO. March 8.— The Senate
to-day passed the following bills: By
Greer (reconsidered), appropriating $35,000
for a State highway from Sacramento to
Folsom; by Ralston, reducing the salary
of Debris Commissioner from $3690 "to W00
per annum: by Foster, appropriating $10,
800 for a segregated hospital at the Deaf
and Dumb and Blind Asylum, at Berke
ley; by Cowan, defining what moneys con
stitute the contingent lund of the Home
for Feeble-Mlnded Children.
• - »
Wins on Reconsideration.
SACRAMENTO, March 8,-The Assem
bly to-night passed Dunlap's educational
bill on reconsideration of the vote by
which it was defeated last night. Ander
son of Solano championed the bill as a
measure calculated to secure more capa
ble teachers In the public schools. Ruth
erford and Gullfoyle opposed It. as it
eliminated the primary grade certificates
for teachers.
SANTA CRUZ. March 8.— The local
Christian church has extended a call to
Rev, R. N. Davis to become Us pastor, to
succeed Rev, R. L. McHatton, who re
cently reslcnwl.
For Monument to White.
SACRAMENTO. March 8.— The resolu
tion providing for giving 12500 out of the
Assembly contingent fund for a monu
ment to Stephen M. White came up In the
Assembly on a report from the Commit
tee on Ways and Means. Johnson said he
should be compelled to vote against the
resolution, as he regarded it as absolutely
illegal. He would vote for a bill provid
ing for such a monument, but he did not
believe the Assembly had any more right
to give money for this purpose out of its
contingent fund than to put a ¦ fence
around his house. A simplifying amend
ment was adopted and the resolution sent
to print.
Called to Santa Cruz Pulpit.
Senator Pronounces a Fervid Eulogy
Upon Himself.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 8.— Senator Wolfe arose
to a Question of personal privilege this
afternoon and with an editorial In this
morning's Call for his inspiration and the
paper itself for a subject he spent a half
hour in making a w-ell sounding and im
passioned speech. It was vastly different
from the speech of a few days ago, In.
which he roasted the commercial oodles
of the city quite as warmly as he in
dorsed them to-day, and which called
forth The Call's editorial.
Wolfe paid the management of The Call
had always been against him, which will
become obvious from a glance at the back
tiles of the paper, and ne quoted a com
plimentary speech from Senator Smith or
Kern, made two years ago, and commend
ing him in a friendly way. The remarks
as quoted were somewhat different from
those made by the Senator from' Kern on
the same day that Woife made his own
injudicious tirade.
Wolfe declared that The Call had mis
taken his remarks, but in this he was
wror.g. The Call's editorial quoted him
correctly. He also said the time' had
passed when a man had to bend the knee
to a newspaper. It was not asserted that
it was to a newspaper that Wolfe bended
his knee. It was asserted, however, that
such good citizens as voted for the elec
tion of the notorious "Eddie" Wolfe to
the State Senate solely because he ob
tained through the bosses the nomination
of the Republican party have now an op
portunity to study the result of their ac
tion. It was asserted in effect that Wolfe
cringed to the bosses, spoke contemptu
ously of the commercial bodies of San
Francisco, and, in disregard of the senti
ment of his -constituents, sought to hold
up the Santa Fe. Wolfe did not explain
that The Call was against him because
he elected at the outset of his public
career to give his sympathy and support
to Doodling measures of legislation. Wolfe
evidently comprehends that the people of
San Francisco are now taking his true
measure. Having failed to stand up the
Santa Fe in the Senate, he is striving to
"square" himself with good citizens, who
placed faith in his professions of honesty.
Wolle called attention to the legislation
which had been placed In his hands and
said it spoke for the confidence in which
he was held by the commercial bodies.
His speech was not a bad effort, but it
called to mind the answer Senator Sims
made to Wolfe's liery speech against the
China Basin lease last Wednesday. Sen
ator Sims said it reminded him of the
words of the ancient poet; who said:
I love to hear It ripple;
I iove to hear It now.
I love to wind my mouth up
And then to hear It go.
WOLFFS VIRTUES EXPLOITED.
lin opposed it. They said it was the
entering wedge for full suffrage for
wemen. and those who favored the bill
said they hoped it was. Wyoming and
Kansas were held up by one side as proof
of the uselessness of the plan and by the
other as proof of its effectiveness. Out
side of that, there was nothing new In
the arguments. The amendment was lost
by the following roll call:
Ayes — Caldwell. Corlett. Davis. Lardner,
Muer.ter. Nutt, Pace. Rowell. Selvage. Short
ridse. SlmpKin. Smith of Kern, Taylor and
Tyrrell of Nevada— 14.
Noes — Aehe. Bettman. Beishaw. Burnett.
PyrneB. Currier. Curtln. Cutter. Devlin, Green
veil. Hoey. Laird, Leavitt. Luchsinger, Lukens,
Nelson. Plunkett, Sims. Tyrrell of San Fran-
I cii'co. Welch and Wolfe— 21.
Absent— Flint. Goad, Maggard. Oneal and
i Smith of Los Angeles — a.
as every one expected except those easy
men who thought a sack would be neces
sary to beat it. It never had much of a
reputation in either house. The measure |
was called up in the Senate by Oneal and i
without argument it *as beaten by this
vote:
"• Ayes— Currier, Devlin. Flint. L#ardner. Lu
kens, Muenter. Row ell, Smith Of Kern and
Taylor— a.
Noee— Ashe. Helshaw. Bettman, Burnett. Cor-
Iftt Ourtin. l^vis. Greenwell. Hoey. Laird.
L«nltt. I.uchsin E er. Nelson. Oneal, Pace,
i'lunkett. ShoitrUJse. Simi-son, Smith of L*w
Aigcle? Tyrrell oi San Francisco, Welch and
woife-::.
Absent— Byrnes Caldwell. Cutter. Goad. Mag
r.ard. Nutt, Selvage. Sims and Tyrrell of Ne
vada—9.
The Senate has begun to talk of ad
journment next Thursday night. Instead
of Saturday. March 16. the date set In the
concurrent resolution adopted this morn
ing. Smith of Kern, chairman of the Fi
nance Committee, said to-night that the
general appropriation bill, the county
government bill and the primary election
bill were the only important measures
now betore the Senate, and that these
could be finally disposed of In time for
adjournment Thursday night.
The primary election bill, however, has
been amended in the Assembly in the Im
portant feature of the test of party affili
ation, and this amendment may prove a
stumbling block in the Senate. The legis
lative apportionment bill, accounted by
Senator Smith is out of the way. has been
amended in the Assembly and will come
up for final passage to-morrow. The As
sembly amendments play havoc with some
of the pet apportionment hobbles of some
of the Senators, and there is apt to be
mere or less prolonged contest when the
bill goes back to the Senate for concur
rence. On the other hand, the Senate will
rrs^ke considerable change in items of the
general appropriation bill if it follows the
recommendations of its finance committee.
The Governor has been consulted in
these, however, and the Senate amend
ments will probably stand. An adjourn
ment on Thursday, however, is not prob
able.
Defeated by the Governor.
The Governor's hand was seen in the de
feat of James' Assembly constitutional
amendment No. 9. providing for a system
of Courts of Appeal. There is with the
amendment a bill providing for the elec
tion of Judges at the time the amendment
is voted upon, to take office if the amend
ment be adopted. There are other things
In the amendment itself which take from
the Governor the valued power of appoint
ing the first Judges, and so the edict went
forth that the amendment should bo
beaten, and it was beaten. There was no
discussion, but many of the insiders got
oft wrong and had to change from no to
aye. Simpson gave notice of a motion to
reconsider. The roll call was:
Ayes— Ashe. Beishaw, Burnett, Caldwell. Cor
ktt. Currier, Curtin, Cutter. Davis. Flint,
Greenwell. I^ardner. Luohslnger, Lukens.
Muonter, Xutt, Knweil. Selvage, Elms and
Smith of Los Angeles— 20.
Noes— Bfttman, Byrnes. Hoey. Laird. Kelson.
Oneal. Plur.kett. Phortridge. Simpson. Smith
of K«>rn Taylor. Tyrrell of San Francisco,
Welch and Wolfe— 14.
Absent— Devlin. Goad, T^eavitt, Maggard,
Pace and Tyrrell of Nevada— €.
It was also understood that the amend
ment was beaten the more easily because
the measure was a companion to one by
Davis, and Davis got through the China
Basin lease bill.
Woman's Suffrage Loses.
Under Aiellck's constitutional amend
m« nt to extend the elective franchise to
women in school elections, the whole sub
ject of woman suffrage was opened out
for the Senators to discuss, and right
lustily they availed themselves of the op
portunity. Simpson, Davis, Smith of
Kern. Shortridge. Lardner and Selvage
spoke for It and Cutter. Lukens and Dev-
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
CAI.T, TIEADQVARTKRS. SACRA
MENTO. March 8.— Assemblyman I-airds
constitutional amendment TS was passed
by the Senate this mornir.R. The measure
is one of the m*t sweeping that has been
introduced and lias caused much comment
and discussion. It went through the Sen
ate with just a sufficient number of votes
to carry it.
The amendment provides a "State Com
mission": It does away with the Railroad
Commission, the Bank Commission and
the Insurance Commission, and will exer
cife many of the powers now held by
Boards of Supervisors in the different
cour.ties. Its duties will be to fix rates on
telegraph n.nd telephone lines; gas. water
and electricity for light and power; to
control rai'.roal and eleepir.g car compa
nies' affairs; to supervise tanks and in
eurance matters and to control generally
all quasi public institutions and all public
utilities. For these purposes the jurisdic
tion of the commission Is not limited— it
can go into any city or county and regu
late as it pleases, for the Boards of Su
pervisors and governing bodies are re
lieved by the amendment of all the pow
ers it confers upon the State Commission.
The commission, as provided, will con
sist of five men, one to be elected every
two years, the State to be divided into
Commissioners' districts. Just as it is di
vided Into equalization districts. The
Commissioners are to hold office for ten
years, but the Governor is allowed to ap
point the first commission, one member to
rerve for two years, another for four, a
third for six, a fourth for eight and the
fifth for the full term of ten years. The
pay of each Commissioner is fixed at $60W
a year.
Taylor ar.d Curtln opposed the amend
ment and it had a hard time getting
through, but finally Currier, who had
voted no. was persuaded to change to aye
and make the twenty-seventh vote. The
roll call was as follows:
Ayrs — B^ttrr.an. I?urnett. Byrnes, Caldwell,
Coriett, Cutter, Davis, Devlin. Flint, Greenwrll,
Laird, leavitt, Macfrard. Muenter, Nelson,
Nutt. Oneal, riunkett. Selvage. Shortridge,
Simpson, Smith of Kern. Smith of Los Angeles.
Tyrrell of San Francisco, Welsh, Wolfe and
Carrier — 27.
Noe«— Ashe. Beishaw, Curtln. Lardner, Luch
f.r.eer. Luker.s. Jiontll ai.J Taylor— S.
Absent — G^ad, Hoey, I'ae*. Sims and Tyrrell
Of Nevada— i.
Scant Courtesy to Senate.
The Assembly signalized its sixty-first
cay of the session— the first day that has
carried) with it no pay — by a breach of
faith with the Senate and by a paucity of
results that made its services for the day
worth little more to the State than the
State laid it in salary — and that is noth
ing. The Assembly, by concurrent resolu
t'.nn, was to have devoted all of the morn
ing and aftcrnon to the Senate special file.
Instead it frittered away all but twenty
minutes of the morning session on mo
tff.r? to reconsider, reacing Senate mes
sages and oth^r work. In the afternoon
comparatively few Senate bills were put
on iinal passa^s. as contests over amend
ments and the second -eadinp of bills oc
cupied a larper part of the time, but on
m<-Uon of Knowland some restitution was
made by continuing the session till 5:30 p.
m.. when the S:le was completed.
Senate bill UCo. appropriating $100,000 for
a build'ng for the San Franciscc State
Normal School, was parsed by a vote oi 44
to 4. There was no debate and the bill
r.oes to the Governor with the pres'ige of
having met practically no opposition.
Oneal> Senate bill 473. by which the Gov
ernor's power of appointment during the
recess of the Legislature is defined and
the term of stich appointee is made to
extend to the end of the legislative ses
sion, was passed by a vote of 45 to 11.
Cowan made a strong speech against the
bill, but Johnson said the measure was a
pood nv.p, and it went.
" Taylor's Senate MI! 277. for the protec- ;
tion of raca<!owlarks. -was amended on a ;
motion of Alden Anderson by the inser- j
ticn of a rtanu permitting the killing of j
rrst adowinrks when they are destroying j
crops.
Hyers' Amendment Fails.
Myers tried to amend the University of
California "continuous appropriation" ,
bfll by putting in a clause making the bl- i
appropriation of 1200,000 contingent
upon the application bv the Regents of o
I><-r cent of all the university revenue to
practical agricultural education. The
.•iirpndmPTit was defeated.
The "Rosier bill" was given its death
b'ow by the striking out of Its enacting
clause on motion of Johnson. Stewart of
San Diego and Duryca areued that the
"war claims" wore valid and some manner
of collecting them should be devised.
Johnson quoted from the Governor's veo
of a *rmiiar bill years ago and spoke in
opposition to the bill.
Cutter's Congressional apportionment
b!!I was put on final passage and was
passed by a vote of 45 to 19.
Smiths Senate constitutional amend
ment pivin^ to the Legislature power to
prescribe the conditions under .which
Boards of Supervisors may allow votintr
machines to be used was adopted by a
vote of Cl to 3.
Berate bill 045. by Tyrrell of Nevada,
providing for contracts in fire insurance
by which the full amount of insurance as
stated In the policy must be paid in case
of total loss, if an examination of the
property has l^een made and a valuation
f.xed. was defeated. Vhe feature to which
objection was made -was that which sad
dles the expense of th«_- examination upon
the Insured.
Slot Machine Bill's Death.
The s='ot machine bill has met Its death
Sweeping Measure That Is Designed
to Confer Upon One Official Board
Duties Now Devolving Upon Many
STATE COMMISSION
BILL PASSES SENATE
THE SAN FRAJsCiSCO I CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 9, 1901.
CORTE MADERA'S EPISCOPAL, CHURCH AS IT WILL. APPEAR WHEN
COMPLETED. IT WILL BE- ONE OF THE MOST ATTRACTIVE
HOUSES OF WORSHIP IN THE STATE.
3
1SBI Via ' j& 151 BSBBfe, :
Are the warning cries from overworked. "For nye or six years I was troubled
worried, weak, hungry and exhausted with nervous prostration which brought
nerves— nerves that have been abused and on neuralgia v and a most distressing feel-
neglected until outraged nature could ing in my head and stomach Nothing I
stand the strain no longer without a pro* could get seemed to -help me until a friand
test. Every piercing, cutting, ,. tearing, recommended Dr. Miles* Nervine. and I
burning, pressing pain of this dreadful bought a bottle on trial. The pain was
disease is a call for help. "Why not Eeed relieved-* after a few dosed and I kept on
this call while relief is 'within-. your reach? using -it until my strength and health
Now is the time to begin; and tho best of returned." Mrs. Stella Van Slyck.
all remedies to use is Lake Geneva, "Wia .
r • Miles £N e* vme e
It is the essence of nerve foods and a reconstructant of; unfailing power, whicn nourishes*
fortifies and refreshes the^ whole nervous system. Begin its use at once v
Sold by all druggists on a guarantee. Df. Miles Medical Co., Eflrfrarfc laA
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The Egyptian woman looks greatly
O^erburderrtd, and yet the physical bur-
dens she carries will not compare with
the burdens borne by many an American
woman. There is no
ffS^-^ burden like the bur-
[/T— ft \ den of disease. The
Y"* / MToman who suffers
/ \^S^ from inflammation
(^ Jfc^X <w ulceration, bear-
> g- = -~^A ) v^ ing-down pains,weak
JKB^_\\ \ /^back and nervous-
IF&I fl"" *rf* I 1>7 nef ?» bears a burden
' wkr^Je^J{ \ which crushes her
Every woman
g Viy] f\ 6hould know that
r\ £$Ls J^* *- >r * Piece's Favorite
Bl Prescription makes
fi Y I \ weak women strong
jsjjV j \ and sick women
fig \ \^ I ! well. It ctves the
f \ I womanly diseases
I \ I Trhich cause weak-
JL / ness and feebleness.
£? \, It quiets the nerves,
>^ cures the aching
£? -srf^vjP^j back and throbbing
>^Q '*'^V^ I head, and gives
«-«^" / strength for wifely
-^S*wJ cares and maternal
f\\ duties.
ii2» "TThen I first wrote
to you I wa* in a bad
•pn&ticn. cs<5 had atoost givrn i2p. w 8ay» Mrs.
ijr'ia snider, of Willi esville, Vinton Co., Ohio.
«l'Va* fMfkrmz from female trouble of the
wrst kind • I couldn't eat anything without
*u£Terisg J^nat <listrw : throct lmrt mt bv
f"->e'ls ' WHS i:«tv©u» an<^ weak. Had nomb
haadYand cms. heart trouble, pains all through
mv tafiy and aebtng head and r.eck. It eeraed
tha« I could not work at all. I pot Dr. Pierce'*
medicine and took it a« directed, apd the first
wrell -t bc^an to bri? me. I took thrre bottles
and em pfad to «v that it <Tid me more good
than all the other medicine I ever toot. I feel
better than I have for years."
Dr. Pierce's Medical Adviser, in paper
covers, is sent/r/r on receipt of 21 one-
cent stanps to py expense of mail-
ing on!v, or if «^oth bound volume is
desired,' seed 31 stamps. Address Dr.
a. V. Pierce, BoCklo, N. V.by Cavill and is now able to cut through
the wuter like a fish. Carroll Is one of the
best swimmers on the coast. He has won
ft number of events and his friends believe
he will defeat Leary. He and Leary are
closely matched as regards speed. Brewer
is one of the fastest quarter-mile swim
mers In the United States. He has de
feated the best men in the country and
the Lurllne Swimming Club places Its
hopes in hla prowess. The rivalry be
tween this club and the Post-street men
has always been Intense.
More than a dozen events have been ar
ranged for the club swimmers. There
will be a fifty-yard handicap, a twenty
five-yard dash, springboard diving, diving
for plates, a blindfolded race, and a re
lay race between teams chosen from the
Olympic Club and the Academic Athletic
League. Five men from each organiza
tion will take part In this event and the
victorious team will be awarded a hand
seme trophy.
The races will be held ln the club's
big tank. The officials will be chosen *
few days before the contests, and ln the
event that the 220-yard record is broken
it will be recosmized.
The management of Sutro Baths has
prepared an excellent natatorial pro
gramme for to-morrow afternoon. There
will.be a number of events and the best
amateur swimmers in this city will par
ticipate. Following Is the list of events
and entries:
Fifty-yard dash. Juveniles— E. Maulan.
J. B. *McManus, B. Ferrill. J. Boggs. D.
Chase, A. Fernandez. F. Downs. G. Nich
ols. A. Courtney. J. Dugan. A. Derks, w.
Belasco, "W. Mlzner. M. Grlswald, "W.
Adams, W. Butterworth. H. Freeman, R.
Grundy, J. Erasmy, C. Royal.
Under-water swimming contest, tub
race, high diving for beys, open to all.
One-hundred-yard race, amateurs— O.
Schulte, O. Beyfuss, A. Hay. E. KIpp. H.
Dougherty. W. Dawsett, H. Duran. J.
Ringrose, H. Leicken, R. Riding. J. Bev
lns, W. Cook. C. Fredericks. L. Boudln.
H. Dodson. G. Freeth. F. Crowder. J.
Schustro.
Trick and fancy springboard diving— E.
Winfleld, L. Grueman, "W. Stockton. G.
Ralson. C. Harnes. T. McKillop. M. Car
mody, J. Collins, F. Ralston, F. Paine.
T. Thompson, J. A. Jackson, H. ¦Wilson,
J. Dollar, D. McCann, J. Lyons.
well known swimmers as Brewer, Geddes
and Wledeman are expected to try for tho
trophy offered by thef Pacific Amateur
Athletic Association.
Scott Leary and Carroll are showing
great speed in . the water. . Cavill places
much hope In Leary. He looks upon that
stalwart youth as one of the coming
swimmers of the country. Leary is a
cripple, but this fact does not retard his
speed in the water. He has developed
into a fast man ln the water during the
past few months. He has great strength
and has adopted the strokes introduced
fessor Sid Cavill, the club's instructor, is
coaching the men, and under his guidance
they have shown great improvement:
Dennie Carroll, Scott Leary, Clough,
and half a dozen ot..or experts. are train
ing conscientiously for the 220-yard cham
pionship. This event is open j and such
A SWIMMING tournament is the
next event on the programme of
the Olympic Club, and the best
swimmers ln the local athletic
organization are ln training for
these natatorial contests, which will be
held on the evening of March 15. Pro-
interesting Natatorial Tournament to Be Held by the Local Athletic Organization — All the Best Repre
sentatives of the Swimming Clubs Will Participate in These Contests.
AMATEUR SWIMMERS WILL TRY TO LOWER THE COAST
RECORD FOR ONE-EIGHTH MILE AT THE OLYMPIC CLUB
¦
OLYMPIC CLUB SWIMMING TEAM WHICH WILL CONTEST FOR
f PRIZES AND CHAMPIONSHIP. COMMENCING FROM THE LEFT,
THE FOUR TOP MEN. ARE INSTRUCTOR CAVILL, LEARY. SHERRY
AND BUTZ. IN THE BOTTOM ROW ARE CARROLL. FRAM AND
CLOUGH.
The - San Mateo followers of the fox
hounds are enjoying tne best runs of tht
season. The country 19 beautifully green
and well grassed and the ground soi"t
enough to afford excellent going:. The
meet to-day will be at the Sixteen-Mile
House, on the San Jose road, at 3 p. m
Next Wednesday the hounds will be la'ti
on at Homestead Commcn. San Mateo. at
R:30 In the morning. On Saturday. March
18 the members of the hunt will take
breakfast at Monmeads. Fair Oaks, at 8:30
a. m.. as the guests cf J. J. Moor*, tho
pack throwing off at 10 o'clock. Tho tine
of the meet next Wedneodav. March J2.
was originally 10 o'clock In the. mornlnjr.
but has been changed to the earlier hour
of R:30 a. ro. The scant lies much better
In tht early hours of lh# day, before tho
sun. has dried the sround.
Francis Carolan. the master of the hunt,
ha* recovered sufflelentSy from the Injury
to h!« nnVle to bo ablo to ride. He was
out rratchln» th» oolo game at Burlln.
game last Saturday. -, - \ •'
FOLLOWING THE FOX HOUNDS
James Dunn, the 'amous handball play
er. T?ho Is now visiting this city, will meet
pome of the loc*1 experts on ¦ the San
Francisco 'handball courts to-morrow «ft
ernoon. Dunn will couple with Jim Xea
lon ard tbey will play a four-handed game
with J. PJordan and A. Hampton.
Other paises en these courts will be as
fallows:
O. T*. Kaywarrt and TV. Kteher vs W
R. Sleberst Rn* N. J. Prendergast; H H
T.'^ner and J. J. Kavanaugh v* W
WplPh and R. Lonrabsch: A. MeVIoker
enrt T. L*>ach vs. J. C-ondon *nd T. Lydon*
/n. McDonoueh nnd "E. Lynch vs L, 'Wat-
TFiai pnd T). J. 6neeh«n: O. McDonald
*nd P. McTflnnon vs. M. McNeil and P
Mclntyre: M. P.a*ch and P. Ryan vn M*
>vp> and D. Connelly: T. Serren and R
TrhUe vs. A. WliHem an and J. Olynn- j'
White and W. Mxenlre vs. J. Coliins
(champion) nnd R. Murphy. •
The rhampionphin «in»Ie handball tour
«am*>nt of the Occidental Athletic Club
13ft Grove street, will commence to-Tnorrow
cfternnop r»nd be continued on 'Wednes
day ar.d Friday eveninsrs and Sunday aft
ernoons until romnlptod.
Among those entered and classified are:
F"lrxt claer — A. MeVleker. E. Antron. V
H»j-d»>*. -T. Pullivun. K. -T. Murpbv. A. Oo]l
I'ru. W. Ja«~nb«. H. I>«nc*hac,i. J. Condon. W.
OlHns, J. Mabcney. T. Clements and II. ile-
JCevln.
R«Hvini1 clasn— A. H«r>«en H.' Cory. fi. B.
TJsywurrt T. T^-<J<*n. O. Janes. F. Mullnux.
W StupfT and C. Barry.
Th'ril rlBKs— T>r.. Xejrfnn. J. T. Kentifnlv.
•T T\yr.r\. C. Miller. J. Rand. J. Howard. T.
freely. G. Kfllr. XT. tinncell. E. Wlnthrop.
C. 3. Tlopers and Dr. TTrl.
The games to be played to-morrow. are:
A Hansen »nd K. Cory. T. Antron and
"vT. Jacob*. Dr. Newton «nd C. Miller, J.
Sullivan and R. Longabacb. • • ••-
DUNN MATCHED WITH
LOCAL HAMDBxiLL MEN
The Twentieth Century Club hao all but
matched Terry McGovern and Davo Eur.l
van to f.jht here ln April. Within a fev;
daye articles of agreement will be sent to
these borers by Manager Glea:on of the
local club and both men will bo asked to
hasten their trip to this their future fle'.fl
of battle. These two little fellows havo
never .met ln the ring, but have had tv.-o
fights in public. There is no love between
them, and both are itching to set at one
another; at least such is the story. Dave
Sullivan has heretofore been prevented
from taking on the little Brooklyn terror
by his astute brother. "Spike" Sullivan.
The latter feared that Dave might be de
feated by UcGovern, and he wanted him
to hold off until he had sized up the situ
atlon. Dave was more hot-headed. He
was always eager to try his skill against
the champion and took every opportunity
to do so. On one occasion he and McGov
ern met in front of the Broadway Ath
letic Club. Their sneering looks and aide
remarks resulted in a street battle that
was only stopped by police interference.
Another time Dave Sullivan was danc
ing with a comely maid in a Coney Island
resort. McGovern and a party of friend?
entered, and when Terry saw his hated
rival he tried to stare him out of counte
nance. When the dance was over and
Dave had pallantly led his fair partner
to her seat he sidled up to McGovern and
wanted to know at whom he was staring.
McGovern soon pave out the desired in
formation, and when they were separated
there were some old clothes to sell. Sulli
van is the only big feather-weight now
before the public that McGovern has not %
scalped. Hegarty. the Australian cham
pion, will not arrive here until late in the
pame, but If he proves himself a worthy
opponent for the winner of the coming
battle he will be matched.
Cribb and Thurston are practically
matched by the National Athletic Club.
They will meet again in a twenty^round
"go" the latter part of this month in
"Woodward's Pavilion for 50 per cent of
the gate receipts. That the bout will be
an Interesting one is evidenced by the
splendid battle they put up two months
ago before the. same club. Ring-goers
have been anxious to see these two fel
lows meet again, ar.d it is certain they
will draw a large house. It will be re
membered that Crlbb and Thurston
fought twenty fierce rounds to a draw.
The "FlarMIng Dutchman." as Thurston
Is called, surprised every one by his
Fplendid showing against the seasoned
Australian pugilist. The bout v.-as fast
and furious from the opening to the clos
ing round. Thurston Is certain that he
can defeat Cribb. and the latter in as cer
tain that be can take the local man's
measure. Thurston' haS been training two
hours a day for the past three weeks to
prepare himself for his contest with the
Au*trs>11»n. Alec Gregp-ain». hi' manager
and adviser, will take the Dutchman into
the country to give him a week's rest
nrlor to going into nctive training. Cribb
ha« been living at Rlanken's and Is doing
Hirht gymnasium work to keep his mus
cles In shape.
McGovern Matched
by Twentieth Cen
tury Athletic Club
AWFUL TERRY
AND DAVE
SULLIVAN.
NOTES FROM
BASEBALL
FIELD.
Signing of Some Old
and New Men by
the Four Managers
Before 1he month of March has added
5t8elf to time's history, profosrional base
ball will be in full swing in this city, and
the season of I9C1 put In the running. The
managers cf the four trams that com
pose the California league are collecting
Their men and completing the preliminary
details.
Hilderbrand has signed to play in the
center garden for Henry Harris during
the present season. "Ilildy" was am
bitious to play with the Chicago team, but
on the nrfviee of his frlf-nds decided to re
rr.aln home for at least another season.
Harris Intends to ?h!ft him to center field,
and Hilderbrand likes the change.
Harris had Fiprnrd J. Hale of Schenec
t?.<3y to play ct«n:cr. but when Ililder
bra'nd changed his mind, Harris released
the Easterner.
"Dutch" Btrefb has signed to play first
•nilh Gil Ev'.r.s's a.-rpr^iratlon. Streib is
an Oakland boy and his presence on the
Athenian team will be no Onuljt appre
dnted by raslaests across the l>ay. Streib
plryed treat ball With S.itua Cruz a few
Feflsors ;>po ar.d his services were in de
ircrd l-v Stoclur.n last year.
Harris has released Uroi-kcff, who will
tlgn Kith I*o? Asgeleb
' Sullivan is grtrg E:\st to play with some
crack team.
Pete Whfilon. the jronng pitcher, who
•Mil twirl for tho San Ftandscoa *5ila sca
scn. U taking the kinUs out of his arm.
Although he does not have to report for
practice Jcr two vrtxTts. tliat ambitious
vcunpstcr is <^n the fiel«l every day.
"Hc!r,y" Krug looks a little fat at this
V.znp. but Jie claims h? Is In prime form.
Heiney is also cut every clay.
E. C Kadcllffe. yvho v^ill j>'.ay third base
*or Harris was a member of the London
team Of the Canadian l>at;ue. He is said
to be a cood batter and an excellent
fielder.
The Oakland arr^rocntion sroes into pre-
Jlasinary practice at San Diego on March
IT. They ivill open the reason at Los An
pr'les cii March HI. The hnmr team will
tilav the Ath«-riiacF. San Francisco and
Btockton will set the 'ocU a-rollins In this
c'.ty en the ramp day.
The boxes over the crand stand are be-
Ir.g tern down nnl v.111 be placed behind
the press box. vvhirh %viil be advanced ten
feet. Tie grounds are new boing put into
thape.
SAN* DIHGO, March S.— With the near
Reproach ¦ f the wind up «f the Southern
J>»B4rue and the optr.ir.f-' of other leagues
in this Sla-te anti !n tho l^ast. the boys are
bepinn'.ns tr> lo^k forward to a get-away
<*ay. Nr.t all of thtm r»re placed, but for
those Tvhn have no offers some have as
irsny ns four.
"•Gentletr.fui Char!er*T Doyle will be the
first to leave, for two reason?. He has a
bad f.r.per on his pit chin? hand, which
prevents his playing in the box; then
there Is siekr.'PF* at his beme in San Jose.
Kefore roir.t: Il.ist. for that is where he
:? booked, h" ¦vril!' visit 1:1? home.
Py the way, there was a mad "gentle
man" at the trlejrraph r.ffloe on Saturday.
Dcyle nnd Devereaux h.i<5 about decided
to close up a deal with the American
team at T>oFToii. when Dor:lin prot a let-
Ter from Jack McAJe*T. now in Los An
poles, directing him to have Doyle te!e-
CTF.ph terms tf> his brother. Jim MeAleer.
the maracor of the C*!ev<»iari<1 team. Doj-le
rt'<3 as <i!reol"d. and the Cleveland man
ncer after reading the tPlrzram. refused
to nay tnl'.s en the same, and Doyle had
to f^ot the bill.
Doyle. Deverenux and Kgan were alt
«»xpectirie to go back to SSRornmento and
hart f>rrariJTPTr:rnts partially made with
Bebee. who had apreerl to give them an
advance over whnt they reodveil last
vear. Thrn they played but two games a
f^elc. arid this rummer they are to play
four irameB a week. They think they
Fhould have more money, but since 1
Harp<r lias fnk"n the nl^oe of assistant
rnanarer f<-r I>cbe the talk of an advance
•n Ml.iry has stopped. ar"i so the trio are
bn«k!nc up with nthrr <->for«;.
There was a meeting of the Players on
F:inflay evening after 1h<» record-breaking
f fteer-ir.nlr.e gnme. and it was asreed
that the team should not break up at nil
urtttt tb<» jsr-he<1rle was nlnvetl out: that it
¦with the »xpfnt!nn «f Doyle, who will
leave on Tuesday. Ejr^n wanted to ppt
nvp.y fnr nvisons bn«t known to hi* best
eirl. wyiope home 1<« «ald to be In Sacr.i
rrento. but be np'-oed to remain. He ex
perts to pro with Taylor to the Cleveland
?earn, as tho offer from there Is ffatls-
nnd Sacramento does not seem
Ironed to do ns well. s
Dnnlin will without doubt eo to St
T^oulf onee more. He has received an of
fer of an ailrarro o< rv> p Triont>» over thnt
of la#t season, besides his rsl!rr>art fare
Drninan in<1 Arel!.nne« * re booked <or a
return to Oaldonfl, a"* Bowman will be
•with Tx>s Antro !««<?. Works Is the b««:t
«-j»t<-her of the «t/-!-iitr>«»rn l«=a|rue. and he is
h?ttlnir some, but he has not vet been
r'rked up hy r.nv team. TTe resides \icr«
and doeon't have to plav ball, thourh he
*H!1 Undoubtedly An «o If he can cet. an
"fTer. Husro TClaulvr !* the other loc«l
man ln the team s>nd he can rover «1mo»<t
nry Nation with the best of them, but he
"^vels for the Theory hou*? of Kiaubpr
TVunirerheln & c<v nnd p^avs for na«tli^»»'
Tone*. «umamefl Ojpjir, nltoned the
•^fteeT!-inntne- wm* 'or San "BeTnirfllno
hap Fierier to F" to St. Josenh. M«««ourl
rt»a Pm-flle. the other Pan Bemftr
rtino ritcVr. who ¦n-n« with Butte last
*r»n!i»«»r. In in «rr» to Detroit.
At Rerrewtlrtn srrefindu to-morrow f»/t»r
niwn the rjolden rs«it«»p «n«l the Vnhia*
¦wttl me»t for lhe lust tl«ie fn the MJfl.
*v1nter Lrspue Fesles. nn^ Mrn team in
flMermined to win. The line-up will be:
¦O»iaen Gates. TV>«JMon«. Xobl»«
*». Fh*« r-ntrJw _.». Ford
"" v .'>Tr'»R PHcher _ Ty»on
T. Johnson f'irrt bxse ...-lagfr
P«enr«a base W*h»r«
Tii«» _ Third baise Carrnll
McTCune STiortf t on Svlvn
5=T>^»iP»r TVft n>M B»tt
Otio* Center fl»M. J Fhe*
A. TVmMer Rleht fl»l<J ....Eii^an
The Knenir* nnfl Al*mMas-wlll play at
Trfpman'f Park. OaVland.
GUNMEN WILL
OPEN THE
SEASON.
The trap-shooting season practically
opens to-morrow. It is true that tho
Union Gun Club held a meeting last Sun
day, but it was purely preliminary to the
regular season. To-morrow the four big
clubs will inaugurate the season of 1901.
The best wing shots on the coast will
shatter bluerocks and pigeons at Ingle
side anoVat Alameda Point. All the cracks
have oiled their guns and laid in a stock
of shells ln preparation for the sport.
The California Wing Club will shoot live
birds sprung from their new set of under
ground traps at Ingleside. It was the In
tention to use them last Sunday, but the
club decided to open the ball to-morrow.
These new traps have been voted a suc
cess. The birds are placed into them from
underground and a dog Is stationed ln the
deep cleft behind the traps and retrieves'
with speed. This means a great saving
of time.'
The San Francisco Gun Club will shoot
bluerocks at Ingleside. It will be the
first club nhoot of the season and a large
number of members Is expected to be
present.
The Empire Gun Club will hold its open-
Ing shoot at Alameda Point to-morrow.
Bluerocks will be the target.
Quite a delegation of experts will Jour
ney East the latter part of next month to
participate in the grand American handi
cap, which will be held in New York from
April 1 to 6. inclusive. Clarence Nauman,
the local crack, will lead the vanguard.
Nauman is looked upon as being one of
the best trap-shooters In the West, and
his friends believe that he will make a
showlnur against the Eastern cracks.
Tod Sloan and Johnny Coleman shot at
Ingleside last Thursday afternoon In a
fifty-bird race. Sloan was defeated by the
bookmaker. Coleman secured forty-five
birds out of fifty, and Sloan could only
drop thirty-eight. A dinner was paid for
by the loser. , ,
Trap Shooters Ready
for the First Con*
tests at Ingleside
COURSING AT
HOME AND
ABROAD.
Regular Open Stakes
the Order of Events
at Present Time
The last named is, In the opinion of
coursing men, tho best cross of the year
Pretty Girl Is by St. Lawrence, out of
"Wee LasBle III, and Is a sister of Bohe
Controller and Lady Davenport. Bhe is
bred on strong lines and in her coursing
career was not given any severe going
that may affect the strength of her lit
ters. Other breedings are Fortuna Fa
vente. Imp., to Brilllantlne, LIghtfoot and
Dawn, the latter the dam of P. J Relllv's
good performers, Royal Union and The
Grafter: Pretender to Butter Scotch and
Dolly \arden; Glaucer, imp., to Still
Faster, eister of Bonnie Lass, dam of
Palo Alto: Shylock, imp., to Crawford
Braes, .who has proved herself one of the
best greyhounds ever coursed in America.
If her hard work does not tell on the lit
ter a good cross should result. The last
noteworthy one Is Shylock to Daisy Cn»<?t
Bister of the noted Bucks. y
Reports of the great English event the
JVaterloo cup stake, show that Cle'ueh
£ rae , T w i ls rn J lne -, r ; up ln the affair. He is
by Under the Globe, out of Tiny Pollv
she the own sister of Thoughtless Beautv
the stake winner of 18OT. Cleughbra^ m**!
his first public appearance in this "lasS
event and certainlv showed his breeding
While Fearless Footsteps made hl^tn™
for herself In winning the big pfake ?J7
best hound of the list, accordin? to h«
opinion of the English Field. Liverpool
Dally and the Spoortsman, Was M eB W
Faucett's puppy, Farndon Ferry th^
stake favorite, at » to 1. ¦ This rtn» ™"
unluckily beaten in the iemi-final hv
Fearle B 3 FootstepB, his kennel m«Ve. after
showing speed In an extremely short ¦linT
He la. by Fiery Furnace-Fair Florence.
In reviewing the list the best crosses
look to be: Beacon to The Fram, Imp ¦
Crawford Lad, imp., to Minneola;- Emln
Pasha to Flyaway. Arnette, Daisy Hill
Lady Thorndyke. Little Wonder. Magele
N. Miss Skyrocket and Pet Kirby; Fetter
Free- imp., to Cash, Rockette and High
Born Lady; Fine Fire, imp., to Bed of
Stone and Maid of Erin; For Freedom
imp., to Fair, Helen, Metallic and Pretty
Quita a number of breedings, the get of
which will be eligible for the big event
have been filed recently with the Califor
nia Coursing Committee.
Leashmen predict that our local Fu
turity stake of 1902 will go on record as
the greatest of its kind In the history of
the coursing world.
ALAMEDA; March 8.— The following di
rectors were chosen at the regular meeting
of . the Rnclnal : Yacht Club: George T.
Wright. Philip S. Teller, H. M. Londsb»r-
Her. Edward 8haw. H. K. Field. L. A.
Redman. Dr. C* Li.TlsdRle. The dlrretors
chose the following - officers: President.
Dr. Charles L. Tlsdale:vlce prenldent L,
A. Redman: treasurer, Philip 8. Teller;
secretary. Lee Jones: commodore, J, 8.
Haniey: vice commodore, A. H. Harri
son: official measurer.' 1?\ G. Younsberir.
Encinal Yacht Club's Officers.
YACHTSMEN TO ROLL
ROCKS INTO THE BAY
The Corinthian* will go over to their !
clubhoUM nt Tiburon in force to-morrow.
Th« club bought an old buy penw which
was damaged in one of the winter storms
and hn« uunk her a little off Bhore at the
wentorly ntda of the point. It is intended
to fill up the npnen between the scow and
tho nhore with rocktt and to uso the space
thus gained for the purpose of taking
npara, Balla nnd equipment of all kinds
from the yachts to the shore or putting
such things aboard the yachts. Hitherto
the float on the easterly Bide of the club
quarters has been used for these purposes
and has frequently been so cumbered with
material an to cause considerable incon
venience. The proposed extension of the
club premises will be very useful, espe
cially during tho period elapsing between
bridge-raising day and tho opening day of
the yachting season. Some of the owners
are going to have all they can do to get
their craft into commission for opening
day, especially as the bridge Is not to be
raised until the 24th. Things are so pros
perous along the citv front that few good
ship carpenters can be obtained aml'Roat
kecper John Norly will find It hard to get
all the help he wants. ,
George E. Billings' slooo Nixie and the
ark La Boheme are still on Swanson's
ways at Tiburon, but will soon come off.
At the .recent meeting of Corinthian
yacht owners the question was raised
whether Jack Short was an owner or not,
but was not pressed to a decision. Now,
however, it is understood that Short has
made an arrangement with Mr*. C. G.
Taylor for the yacht Emma, formerly
owned by the late C. G.. Taylor. The well
known large sloops -Embla and Sappho
wfll sail with the Corinthians this year,
as also will the little Pride. As the own
ers' meeting a "cabin yacht" was defined
as one having: substantial rabln accom
modations forming a part of the perma
nent structure of the craft. The defini
tion of a "Corinthian'.' yachtsman was
left to be decided at a later time.
The regatta committee will determine
whether the one-gun start Is to b#j adopted
in the races to be held this Reason or not.
An effort will be made during 1901 to
have the correct measurements of all
yachts entered on the club roll. A rule
has long existed to this effect, but has
been entirely disregarded. - .
It is said that Charles Chapman of the
Valiejo Yacht Club is desirous to send in
a challenge for the San Francisco Per
petual .Challenge Cud.: which was lost
last year by the Pan "Francisco representa
tive^ tb« sloop Ondder. nailed bv Chap
man. The San Francisoos are also anx
ious to try to regain ¦ the trophy which
they held for one year. •
The yawl Arcturns. owned by tV. 8.
Orover, is to be flold or chartered for the
season, her owner having o>dded not to
nut her into commission. The big sloop
Volunteer h«s b««n bought by a syndicate
nnd .will Join the San .Francisco Yacnt
| Club, she hnn hitherto been an unpopular
craft from her owner's habit of cruising
.i°i er the course while races were being
sailed. .. ... -
Jump lies between him and Cadogan.
Cooley '04 will get the high jump and
Wilcox '04 tho pole vault. In the weights
the freshmen, with Vilas and Ugda. will
win. The results of the one mile and two
mile runs are doubtful. Woods '04 and
Bailey '03 stand best chances in the
former, while, the latter will probably be
won by Clifford '03 or Stalder '04.
The varsity nine is keeping up strong
practice. The men are getting into better
ehnpo nnd play together with much more
snap and vim than a week or so ago. Sat
urday afternoon at 3:30 o'clock they will
cross bats with the alumni. The lino-up
will be as follows:
Alumni.... Position California.
Swlndels Catcher Bmlth
Koarcburs Pitcher Xurse
Ooslir.sky Flr«t ba»» Gardiner
Ki«ncer... Feconrt base ...Klnjc
ManLaren Third base Braley
Fuller Rhortntop Hunter
Mors« (capt.) L-eft field..'.... Kennedy
Hooa- Center field Hamlln
Eaer Right Held Zan
Stanford Anticipates
Boom in Athletics.'
California at Work
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 8.-
Active track work >>»gan with Captain
Stewart's call fur caj dates last Monday,
and Stanford is assured of the strongest
point winning team that she has sent
a gainst the blue and gold since the spring
ct 1E97. Stanford will be strong In the
Jumps, eprinte, distances and pole vault,
and weak In the hurdles and weights.
Henley, the crack athlete from Uklah. is
conceded two firsts In the Jumps, and It
Is claimed that his work for the cardinal
will make a difference of twenty-five
points in the annual field day.
In the sprints Stanford has two stars In
McCaughern and Lamb. The former won
the hundred last year and took a place in
the 220-yard dash. The latter comes to
Stanford from Lon Angeles with some
fast records. Hamilton of Palo Alto, a
freshman, who was a crack in rhe
Academic League last year, Is looked to
as a possible point winner in the sprints.
These three men. together with Harter.
Nourse.and Stewart, will make a strong
representation for places in the short
The longer gprlnt will be looked after b/
Smith. R. Hamilton and Chadbourne of
List year's team, with Slaker. Taylor.
Holman. Thomas. Kennedy, and Knight
among the untried candidates. Zschokke.
Sprague, Hamilton, Taylor and Chad
bourne, who composed the champion
cross-country loam, will all try for places
In the m!le run. The mile walk will go to
either Lewis '04 or Zschokke '02. Richards
'04, Dunn "04. Barkan '04. Johnson '02.
Naramore '03 and Rtrout '01 have entered
for the hurdles, with the chances in favor
of the two last named. Henlev in expect
ed to take first place In both the high and
broad jumps and a place in the pole vault.
Beach, Dole and Foster will enter these
events with him.
Stanford's woak^st point is the weights.
Brooke. Berwick. Slaker, Hyde nnd Clarke
are the only men who have shewn any
aptitude for these events so far."
The material will not "be tried out until
March 29, when an interclass meet will be
held.
¦The baseball men have been practicing
faith.'ully the past week, and will meet
the Fireman's Fund team for ithe third
game of the reason to-morrow afternoon
on the campus. The line-up will be:
Fireman's Stanford
Fund Positions University.
Mnsktman Pitcher . . Parker
Hnmmond, W Catcher..........;;....; Tracer
FollanRbee... ..'....First base.. Cowan
Goldsworthy
• or Collins Pecond J>ase..... J ... Mlsncr
Webber Third base Connor
Krutr Shormop....(capt.) Edward*
Butler..... ;.Left Held.; .-..Lowtnthal
Van Haltren Center field Murphv
Hammond. J.. ....Right field Symondj
BERKKLET, March 8. — The sophomores
and freshmen of the University of Cali
fornia will meet to-morrow afternoon on'
the college track In their annual field day.
Owing to the short time the athletes have
had In which to practice no danger Is an
tl«"'nated for the records.
The freshmen have a team full of men
with «:ood High School records. They will
be expected to chow their mettle in this
rreet. and- t" give an Idea of -what sort
of material future varsity teams will .re
mr.de from. Even the Bophomcrw* will ad
mit that the lower-class men will win by
ion« t«n or fifteen points. . ¦¦ . . ¦.
¦ The half-mile will be one of the best and
rlone«t events of the day. Ballev '03,CUf-
I ford and Graves '04 are the three fast
est entered for the race nnd will nrobably
pore* in In thn order named, Cadognn.
th« will apnuar In contest fnr th*
first tima ulnee hl« Eastern trln. Ha wtM
probably mrrv off th« 100 and 220 vard
<1ashen, vlth Anbill '04 or Townsend '03 at
nacond, In the hurdlea Cheek, freshman
!¦ almoat cart ntn ¦ to" win. -and- the ¦ broad*
TRACK TEAM
WILL BE
STRONG.
Bosworth-Strset Tracks.
R. C. de Boom petitioned the /Board of
Supervisors yesterday to rex-oke the fran
chise of the Market-street Railway Com
pany on Bosworth street. De Boom al
leges that no cars have been rum along
the street for a great many months past.
He also petitions that the company be
ordered to remove Its tracks and ties on
Bosworth street »nd to restore the street !
to the name good condition In wh!eh It *
wan In lfW. when the, property ownera
paid $3875 50 for macadamizing. It.
Since the first introduction of golf Into
California tournaments have never been
so numerous in this neighborhood as at
the present time. The famous profession
als, Willie Smith and David Bell, dis
played their skill at Oakland on March 1
and 2 and at the Presidio on March 5 and
6. giving flve exhibitions of golfing on all
four days. Though Bell took a higher
place than Smith In the United State3
open championship of 1900. being beaten
only by the famous Englishmen, Harry
Vardon and J. H. Taylor. Smith has
beaten Eell throughout almost the whole
of their California tour. Those who saw
Smith and Bell play at Oakland and San
Francisco were Inclined to think Bell the
more brilliant golfer, but somewhat care
less and erratic. Smith, on the other
hand, played an accurate, steady game,
driving, approaching and putting well and
getting out of the few difficulties into
which he fell with wonderful skill. Th»
Oakland course, not having had so long
to dry out, and being of a heavy adobe
soil, with some low lying spots, was some
what heavy, though the putting greens
were In excellent condition. The fair
green on the Presidio course was never
In better condition and was favored by
the vlsltora. -
With regard to the comparative merits
of himself and Vardon, Smith stated that
he had met Vardon In flve matches and
hatl won two out of the five. He say3
that Vardon plays with machinellke reg
ularity, Is equally good In all depart
ments of the game and has an air of easy
confidence that is very disconcerting to
some opponents. It Is to be regretted that
the splendid golfing should have attracted
so few spectators and that the profes
sionals could not have tried their strength
against some of the best amateurs of this
city and neighborhood, but three of the
Tour days in which they were at Oakland
and the Presidio were ordinary week
days, so that Saturday, March 2, was the
only day on which there was even a mod
erate number of spectators. «
The tournament that was to have taken
place at Burlingarne on March 3 and 4
fell through entirely. Smith and Bell not
jming down to the San Mateo Club on
Sunday, and being informed that thetr
presence was not desired on Monday. The
reason for the professionals' absence on
Sunday was the fact that no prize money
was in sight, though there was an inten
tion to make up a purse by subscription
among golf-lovers of the Country Club.
However, golfers on a professional tour
do not care to exhibit their skill unless a
definite offer of prizes is made, and the
Country Club people should have made
up their minds Just how much they were
prepared to pay and have published a
prize list. If they did not care to pay for
their pleasure they should not have al
lowed two days to be set aside on the
golfers' programme for a vialt to Bur
lingame. especially as one of the days
was a Sunday.
Thl3 morning at 10 o'clock the second
half of the home-and-home tournament
between teams representing the San
Francisco and Oakland Golf clubs will be
played on the Presidio links. Last Satur
day at Oakland the city golfers were com
pletely snowed under, losing 44 up. To
day, however, the San Francisco team
will be much stronger, as it will Include
Mrs. R. Gilman Brown, Miss Alice C.
Hoffman. Miss Edith McBean. Miss M.
B. Houghton and Miss Alice Hager. Mlsa
Sarah Drum. Miss Florence Ives and Miss
Caro Crockett being the other three prob
able players. The Oakland team, will be
made up of Mrs. H. H. Sherwood, Mrs.
\V P. Johnson, Miss Bee Hooper, Mrs.
Le G. C. Tibbetts. Mrs. F. E. Magee. Miss
A. Knowles. Mrs. P. E. Bowles and Miss
M. Deane. Though It Is not to be expect
ed that the San Franciscans can save the
match, they will probably reduce the
heavy score against them.
This afternoon the opening match play
round of the fourth contest for the Coun
cil's cuprfor men will be held on the links
cf the San Francisco Golf Club, the eight
players who qualified being matched as
follows: Hugh Tevis vs. Charles Page.
W. H. La Boyteaux vs. H. C. Golcher, H.
C. Breeden vs. Captain D. J. Rum.ba.ugh
and S. L. Abbot Jr. vs. J. W. Byrne.
Last Saturday a team of six members
of the Sausalito Golf Club visited San Ra
fael, where they played an el eh teen-hole
match apralnst an equal number of th»
home golfers. The San Rafael men won
easily, Dr. H. O. Howitt beating R. VT.
Mason 5 up, E. L. Griffith defeating R. B,
Flndley 4 up. C. P. Pomeroy and Lieu
tenant Rodman tvinj?. A. A. Curtis -win
ning from A. J. Hepburn 5 up. R. J. Da
vls beating Leonard Chenery 3 up and J.
J. Crooks defeating TVorthlngton Ames
4 up— totaJ, 21 up. A return match will be
played on the Sausallto links.
On the Oakland links this afternoon
there will be a men's handicap over eight
een holes, match play, against bogey, th»
two players making first and second low
est scores to rece-lve prizes of golf balls.
Play will begin at 2 o'clock.
Miss Healey recently won a nine-hols
ladles' handicap at Coronado, with a
gross and net score of 60. Mrs. Kautz
making a score of 67. less 1— 456.
The open championship of Southern
California over seventy-two holes, medal
olay, began yesterday on the links of the
Los Angeles Country Club and will be
concluded to-day. The event Is open to
all golfers, whether members of the as
sociation or not. There will be five
prizes— first *100. second $60. third $50.
fourth ISO and fifth $20. Prizes, if won by
professionals, will be given. In money:
amateurs will receive plate. Both Smith
and Bell are playing In this event. As
there are flve prizes. It Is probable that
some of them will be won by amateur*.
among whom Walter Fairbanks. C. E.
Orr. C. E. Maud. William Frederickson
and Walter Cosby are the most likely
winners.
and la a brother In. blood of the Aeneld
Kennels' Fine Fire.
Fearless Footsteps" double victory will
keep her name well uo In history. Her
feat of twice winning the great stake has
been equaled only by the peerless M!s*
Glendyne and the ¦wonderful little Coo
massle. The. Faucetts have won the "Wat
erloo cup stake on three occasions, and
their chances are good for next year with
Farndon Ferry. "v
• H. A. Deckelman's Kocker has been
bred' to J. Cane's Miss Penman and
Thomas Hall's Annie Laurie.
The Merrlwa Kernels of, PWsanton.
owned bv R. E. de B. Lopes & Son. havo
been seriously affected by an epidemic. A
Ions list of hfRhlv bred'sanilngs has suc
cumbed to the disease. The Utters by
Crawford Lad out of Minneapolis. Dalsrv
Crest and Mlnneola have been diminished,
the latter* entirely, and many fine Shy
lock youngsters have died of the disease.
Many other kennels are In a bad state be
cause of the epidemic.
M. Dunlea has so'd to his son, J. Dun
lea, his fast hound Erin.
The 120-dop stake for this week's pw>-
Kramme at Union Park I* mart** up of
evenly matched dogs. Bnna Fide and
Rural Artist look best at the top of tho
card, while Beacon and Fioodgat* s»em
the pirk at the bottom. The puhtfe wlir
have f chance to get a line on the New
Tork dosrs In this" stake. If the courser*
reach the s»rjeed their owners tell of thev
should lrtnd clo!«e to top money without
much effort. Old Connemara. always a
favorite, has* joined the ranka of worker*
and la looked upon to make nome of th©
fast ones follow him In the chase.
Interclub and Handi
cap Events Are on
Several Programs
TOURNAMENT
FOR GOLF
PLAYERS.
SPORTS SWIMMING-BASEBALL-COURSING-BOXING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY,, MARCH 9, ! 1901.
events,
4Time— 1-1G, :0€»i; C-16. :3Ui: 7-16, :43; 11-16,
l:10»i; mile. 1:424; 1 l-16m. 1:49ft Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, W. B. Jen
nings & Co.'s ch. h. by Tenny-imp. Red worth
Kose. ThomwUd away badly or he would have
v.-on. Bosus Bill plenty ot early speed. Wil
liam Ack stopped badly. Rey del Bandldos ran
out in' stretch. Scratched— Rainier 106, Cptler
Joe 114;
Batting— Redwald. 4; Thornwild. 12; Tappan.
8: Rey del Bairdidos, 20: William Ack, 7-2;
Grid Badge, 30; Bogus Bill. 20; La Borgia, 9-2.
2055. SIXTH RACE— Mile and a elxteenth;
relllns; three-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Inde*. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. 4. Str.- Fin.
iIC24TKedwald. 4. 110 Burns 5 -6 2 ! 4 1 >4
(iClS)Thornwild, 3. 93.. Walsh 8 11 11 2 3
2f30 Tappan. n: 111.... Henry 7 4 1 3 1 3 1
1?27 R. del B'd's, a. lll.Thrp 18 5 2 4 4
(2007) Wm. JVck. 3, 93.. Murphy 4 2 4 4 2 5 4
2030 Gold Badge. J. 93.Redfrn 6 7 1 6 4 6 4
¦ lfSO Bog. Bill. 4, 107.McBride 3 3 h 7 6 7 8
1S50 La Borgia. 4, lCS.O'Conn 2 6 h 3 8
2O54. FTFTH RACE— Sir furlongs; three
year-old fillies; purse, $350.
Index. ."Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. ij./ Str. Fin.
: 1?S1 Bonnie Llssak. 105.Q'Con 6 6 4 4 4 1 ns .
1930 Moonbright. 103... Henry 2 4 h 6 3 2 2
17S3 Maresa, 110 ..Burns 3 3 3 1 h 3 2
' Slnfl, 110 R. Murphy 4 2 1 2 H 4 1
¦ 1930 Xel. Forrest. 105. Woods 7 6 2 6 1 5h
1C61 Eoriic, 110..Wedderstrand 1 1 h 3 »4 6 2
1741 Bab, 110...:.....J. Miller 8 8 74 76
2C3S Sinycr, 103.. :.".... Yancey 6 72 8 8
Tjme— 1-16. :064: 3-16, :17>i; 7-16. :414: 64f.
1:07%. "Good start. Won first three' driving.
"Winner. P. Dunne's b. f. by Lissalc- Bonnie
Bird. O'Connor outflnished Henry. Maresa
probably a little short. SInfl ran a swell race
fcr a first out; will do.
Betting— Bonnie LiBsak. 7-2; Moonbrlgrht. 16;
Mareea, 2; Slnfl. 10;Xellie Forrest, 8; Eonlc, 7;
Bab, 10; Singer, 200.
Time—U. :25»i: hi. :50H: %. 1:C2»4; T4. l:2S«i.
Good start. .Won first three driving. Winner,
burlingame Stock Farm's ch. g. by Imp.
Brutus-Forma. Brutal ran to his best notch.
Ada X would have won if Miller could have
helped her at the finish. Telamon best horse
.In the race: he was cut off badly twice; -was
o.'osiny strong. Silurian no excuses.
Betting— Brutar, 4; Ada N, 10; Telamon, 6-5;
Silurian, 11-5.
3053. . FOURTH RACE — Seven furlongs;
three-year-olds and up; purse, J400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
l'.*3 Brutal, 3, 104 Burns 4 2 4 2 1 1 h
2C2S Ada N, 3, 100... J. Miller 3 14 14 2 %
1993 Telamon, 3. 103.... Henry 1 3 4 3 4 3 1
C2O15)Sllurlan. 3. 103.. O'Connor 2 4 . 4. 4
Betting— MacLaren. 11-5: Foul Play, 15; Tl
jrcna. 12: Valencienne, 11-5: McAlbert, 12; Gold
n&ron. 10; Favorito, 15; Onyx, i; Miss Made
line. 40.
Time-3-16. :17*i; 7-16; :414; 5%f. 1:074- Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving:.
V>*lnner. L. H. Kzeil's ch. h.. by* Imp. Candle
mas-Verdict. MacLaren had all -the speed.
Valenclenne stopped badly. Tizona ran a fair
rtce. Foul Play's race a pood one. Gold
Raron badly handled. Scratched— Santa Lucia
1C3.
2O52. THIRD RACE— Five and a halt fur
locgs; eelllHsr; four-year-olds and up; purse,
1250. >.-y . .
Irdex. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
2026 MacLaren. 4, 10»..O'Conn 111 12 13
IC21 Foul Play. 4. 104.We<ldsd 7 6 2 3 12 2
133S Tlzona. 4, 106. ..Murphy 4 6h 62 8 2
1670 Valen'cnne, 6, 1C3.. Miller 5 3 h 2 4 4 1
2023 McAlbert, a, 105.. Woods 6 T 4 7 1 6 1
CCSe^'d Baron. 6. lTO.Burl&m 2 2 >i 4 1 6 3
. 2C26 Favorito, i, 1C6 Knu» S 8 o 6 1 7 1
201S Onyx, 6. lOo. Burns 3 4 2 8 4 8 1"
1970 Miss Mad'Ine, 4. 104. Daly 9 9 9 9
Betting— Greatland, 7-2: Imperious, 4; Mc-
N'amara, 9-2; Artllla, 13-5; Royal Prize, 9;
Charles Le Bel." SO; Lavator. 15.
2051. SECOXD HACEI-Ose mile; eelllnr;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H. Btr. Fin.
2C0« Greatland. 5. 109.. Thorpe 2 1 h 12 14
1S21 Imperious, 6, 109...O p Con 121 22*23
2CC6 McXamara, 4. lOo.Henry 4 7 6 h 8 4
2007 Artllla. 4, 100.... J. Daly 6 4 h 3^42
2C29 Royal Prize. 6, 106. Burns 3 6 h 7 6 n"
2015 Chs. Le Bel. 6. 106. Woods 6 3 h 6 2 6 1
1!'67 Lavator, 6. 112 Sen 7 i 2 4H 7
Time— H. ::6U: H. :51H: %. 1:17; mile, 1:43.
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. L. Levy's ch. h. by Blue
Eyes-Missive. Greatland won in a gallop. Im
pt-rlous ran his race. KcXamara closed
stoutly. Artllla not much account and weakly
ridden. Le Bel. early speed.
Time— 3-16. :1S%; 6-18. :30; 7-18, :«; 64f.
l:0S^i. Good start. Won easily. ¦ Second and
tLird drivinp. Winner, James Wilson's «-h. g.
by imp. Albert-Annie Layne. Mission much
the best. Dunboy • ran a nice race. Ulloa
(.topped badly. Perhaps ran a fair race; will
do to -watch.- Amelia Fonso no Bpeed.
Scratchefi-^St. Anthony 101.
Betting— Mission. 7: Dunboy. 6: "UUoa, 4;
Amelia Fonso. 6-5;- Lady Maud. 30; Racivo,
200; Frank Duffy. 200; Perhaps, 60; Slsquoc. 12.
TANTORAIT PARK— Friday. March 3,
190L-Weather fine. Track fast.
2050. FIRST RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; eelHnsr; four-year-olds and up; purse,
JCEO.
I £ de \ Hor » e . Jockey. St. 4. Btr. Fin.
20!G Mission. 4. 104 Encs 8 1^11 IS
1970 Dunboy, a, 1<K Henry 1 2 h 8 2 2 h
2003 Ulloa. 5. 10S Thorpe 2 3 1 2 2 S3
2029 Am. Fonso. a. IM.CVCon 6 4 4 4 10 4 12
201S Lady Maud, 4, NM.."Wedd 4 6 8 6 1 6 1
2026 Itacivo. 4, 101 Otis 7 7 4 7 5 6 8
11C3 Frank Duffy, 4, lOl.Burk S 8 8 7 1
.... Perhaps, a, 110 Fogj 5 5 2 6 1 8
1970 Slaquoc, 4. 103. ..Murphy Left
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
The Choppers' \ Friendship Club, which
Is the sick benefit department in San
Francisco of the "Woodmen of the "World,
had a "ladles' -night" In the Shasta Hall
of the Native Sons' building last evening.
There were several hundred persons pres-'
ent, who were pleasantly entertained veilh
a programme literary and musical, with
an addition of feats cf legerdemain con
tributed' by Llllle Blum, Grace Savag».
Professor Wanek. J.'.N. Sherburne,^ Mrs.
Freeman and William. Jensen. During the
evening there were • addresses for the
good of the order by. D. Oliver Jr... clerk
of Golden Gate Camp, and Mrs. Kate B.
Hill, organizer for the Women of Woo'd
craft.: •
Entertained by Choppers.
Jones. Both these young ladles have ex
pressed • their Intention of Journeying
north next September, when they, will
take part In tha championship for ladles.
Unless the ladies around the bay prac
tice constantly the championship will very
likely go south this year. Several of the
local players will go to Southern Califor
nia next August and play in the cham
pionship tournaments there. The men.
who will probably go are Drumxnond Mc-
Gavin and Grant Smith, and posslBly oth
ers. These two players would stand a
good chance of coming out on top, as
Murdock, -wrm. went down last year,
reached the finals 'and probably would
have ¦won had he been in form.
Harry Weihe and Dick Adams, the pony
team of Stanford, played on the Califor
nia Club courts during the week and both
showed that their game has not fallen off
any. "Weihe In particular showed up very
strong.
In the handicap doubles played last Sun
day and won by Ray Cornell and Grant
Smith the game put up by Cornell sur
prised everybody." He played a steady
game and kept his head at all times. An
other team that did very good work in the
last tournament was Chet Smith and Fay
Bea!. Their ability to 'cover the courts
and return the terrific smashes of the
Whitneys was surprising. • -
W. B. Collier, who spends more time on
the local courts than any other player. Is
fast rounding into his old form. .
CHINESE ALARMED AT
TRANSFER. OF PRICE
His Return to Duty Arouses Gam
blers, "Who Seek Protection From
Impending Raids.
•Lieutenant William Price's return to
duty. In the Mongolian quarters was
marked by an immediate attempt on the
part of the Chinese to secure protection
of the courts against police interference.
This in Itself may be considered as a tes
timonial to. Price's efficiency. Six actions
were, filed yesterday. The clubs allege
that they are maintained In strict accord
ance with the law for the -recreation and
social Intercourse of the members. - Tho
court is- Invoked to enjoin the police from
carrying on a crusado against -gambling
In Chinatown, unless provided with a for
mal warrant. .
The cases ¦ came up before presiding
Judge Dunne 'and he granted temporary
injunctions, setting *.hv final hearing cf
the applications for permanent Injunction
for March 14. In tholr complaints the
Chinese allege that they are not trans
gressing the law and that they cannot be
disturbed until they are caught in open
violation of the law.
Lieutenant Price evidently Intends to In
stitute active operations from the onset
Yesterday at noon a • meeting of: his
squad 1 was held in th9 office of the Chief
and each member was Instructed as to
his duties. The saua-l. with two excep
tions, have had experience in Chinatown
before. They are Charles S. Taylor. Rob
ert A. Coulter, "William M. Ross, G. P.
Cha«», Robert Connor, Michael Brady,
David Murphy and T. C. Murphy.
Mechanics* Institute Meeting.
The annual meeting of the members of
the Mechanics* Institute will be held at
the Mechanics' Library to-night- After
the meeting the new. board of trustees will
organize. ¦ ~>
William Greer Harrison, president of
the club, accepted the token In a fitting
speech. ' . • •. •
I thank you on behalf of the Academic
I>ague for the many kindnesses shown to us.
and we desire to present to you this slight
token of our esteem. 1 would like to say
that this gavel Is not presented alone from
the committee, but from 4000 members of
twenty schools. We have struggled lon< and
earnestly for pure amateur sports and the
directors of the Olympic Club have always
given, us hearty support. \\',w
The directors of the Olympic Club were
presented last night with a rosewood
gavel by the Academic Athletic League.
The presentation was made by Herbert
Haueer, Theodore Vosburgh and James
Sturtevant, who compose a committee
representing 4000 young men who are
students of twenty schools In this city.
In his presentation speech Mr. Hauscr
said in part:
Academic Athletic Lsague Shows Its
Appreciation by Making 1 a
Useful Present.
DIRECTORS OF OLYMPIC
CLUB RECEIVE A GAVEL
Norman Hodgklnson and Al. Rosenberg,
the Lowell High School men. easily. out-
Class all the other academic teams and
will undoubtedly be the champions for the
present year. . . ' ,
Miss Miriam Hall, the champion of the
coast. ¦ has just returned from ¦ Southern
California, and says that the standard of
play among the ladies south is very much
higher than among those on the local
courts. She Is also of the opinion that the
Misses Violet and May Sutton are by far
the best lady players ever produced on the
coast and could easily defeat Miss Marlon
.Horace Mann, .who will probably be Cog
gins' partner. Is naturally a 1 right-handed
man, but by constant' practice he is now
able/to use his left better than his right.
Cogglns gives promise of becoming a very
good player. :
The principal event on the local tennis
courts during the present week was the
Polytechnic tryout, which was commenced
early in the week but which has not yet
been completed. Three men are left to
fight for the coveted honors. Cogglna
went through the tournament without
losing a match,, and Mann and Schmidt,
who have each' lost one match and are
therefore tle.-wlll play for representation
In the ' academic tennis championship
matches. ' ¦ ' -
The council indorsed tha plan of tho
Hackmen's Union, by which the Board;
of Supervisors was to be asked to pass
an ordinance making it a misdemeanor for
any one to refuse to pay for the use of a
carriage.
On tne recommendation of the law and
legislative committee the council directed
the secretary to communicate with the
members of the Legislature requesting
the passage of the following bills: Em
ployment agency bill, bill prohibiting
child labor, the printers' bill and the bill
regulating employers' liability. The sec
retary was also directed to request the
Governor to append his . signature to the
metal polishers' blower bill, which baa
passed both houses.
Secretary Rosenberg reported that the
trouble between the San Francisco Team
sters* Union and their employers was In
the hands of a board of arbitration, as
was also the difficulty existing between
the Picture Frame Union. and Schussler
Brothers.
A complaint was received from tha
ship joiners, against the Rlsdon and the
Union Iron Work?, stating that at these
places the men were worked nine and ten
hours a day. Efforts will be made by tha
council to have the Federal law enforced.
This law applies to places were Govern
ment work Is being done, and fixes a
day's labor at eight hours.
The proprietor of the Fulton stable on
Third street, who has a contract with tha
Government to furnish horses for the
transportation of malls, threatens to in
voke the assistance of the Federal courts
if he Is Interfered with by the other sta
blemen. His threat Is needless, as the
men claim they have no Intention of In
terfering with his wagons.
P. Geraghty of the Rammers* Union.
Charles Stoneberger and Jesse Clark of
the Stablemen's Union and John Roberts.
Alex Helsen and John Mueller of the
Journeymen Bakers' and Confectionery
Workers' Union were admitted as dele
gates. ' * •
The Pavers* Union has elected the fol
lowlns omcers: F. P. Barnett, president;
Thomas Cannon, vice president; Michael
Murphy, recording secretary; Patrick
Monahan, treasurer; John Slattery. ser
geant at arms; F. P. Barnett. delegate to
San Francisco Labor Council; executive
committee— Timothy Long, Francis Mur
phy and John Slattery. h&m
Resolved. That In the opinion of this body
Immediate steps should be taken by Congress
to enact a law prohibiting the employment of
any Asiatic, In any capacity, on any vessel
oi the United States and requiring that all
such vessels shall be manned by white crews
of specific qualifications upon a specifically
graduated scale: and further
. Resolved. That copies of these resolutions
be submitted to the press of San Francisco
and forwarded to the Senators and Representa
tives from California.
March S. 1901.
Resolved, by the San Francisco Labor Coun
cil. Tha*. we deeply deplore the great loss of
life involved in this catastrophe, and we at
tribute tne causes thereof to gross carelessness
on the part of the persons responsible (or tha
navigation of the vessel. Induced by fe<tr of
the company's displeasure in event of delay
in making port. We believe that, irrespectlva
cf the causes of the wreck, the great less of
life was mainly due to- the inefficiency and
cowardice of the crew in the supreme moment
of danger.. We therefore hold the Pacific Mail
Steamship/ Company, as the employer of tho
crew, solely responsible for the terrible results
oJ that Inefficiency and cowardice and con
demn In unmeasured terms its policy ot em
ploying coolies on its vessels. We recognize
the fact, well substantiated by all experience,
trat Chinese and all other classes ot Asiatics
rrc notoriously unreliable In any emenj»ncy,
and we believe that the Pacific Mail Company
In, and was, fully cognizant of this fact. In
¦view of these circumstances we consider the
statements of Vice President Schwerin of the
Pacific Mail Company to the "effect that Chl
rese are as reliable as white seamen to bo
a gratuitous reflection upon the latter and a
serious aggravation of his. own offense In the
matter. We are convinced that the policy of
the Pacific Mall Company In employing Chi
rese Is " without any . reasonable Justification :
that it Is inspired by pure greed, and that
It constitutes a willful and heinous crime
Ftralnst the lives of the travel Ins public and
vhould be universally denounced as such; and
further
Whereas. The steamship City of Rio de Ja
neiro, owned by the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company. w*i wrecked in the harbor or Saa
Francisco. CaL. on February 22. 1M1. ¦with
the consequent loss of more than one hundred
and twenty lives, including over seventy pas
sengers, male and female; and whereas. th»
said steamship was manned, exclusive of tha
officers, by a crew composed entirely of Chi
nese: therefore be It
The meeting of the San Francisco Labor
Council held last night was attended by
ninety-five delegates representing the
various labor unions throughout the city.
The meeting vas an enthusiastic one and
the delegates reported that the fights now
on between employers and employes wera
well in hand.
Action was taken on the policy of tha
Pacific Mall Steamship Company of em
ploying Chinese on its vessels, with tho
result that the following set of resolu
tions were adopted:.
Adopts Resolutions Denounc
ing Employment of Chinese
on Its Steamers.
COUNCIL SCORES
PACIFIC MAIL
Last Sundar some- members of th«
South End Rowlnr Club repaired* the
apron and made it ready for use so that
boats may be easily placed in the water.
Junior and other barze crews will soon
be made up and practice begun.
The barg-e crew made up of K. itavo.
Emil Blumleln. C. C. Dennis and Charles
Jenkins goes out every Sunday for a prac
tlce row.
A bill Is before the State Senate, num
bered Senate bill 393 and entitled "An act
to amend section 2524 of the Political
Code." It is hoped under this act to em
power the Harbor Commissioners to set
apart a suitable site for the exclusive us«
of rowlne clubs, incorporated under the
laws of the State of California for athletic
purposes only and not for profit and to
lease the same to the clubs for a period of
years. If the enlarr/jd powers abov«
stated are given to tne Haroor Commis
sioners a petition will be prepared asking
them to set apart a location for the row-
Ing clubs. The Ariel Rowing Club is In
corporated and It will be quite easy to In
corporate the South End Rowing Club
also.
READY FOR ROWING S2ASON.
Before the time for the hearlnsr. when
Choynski, Johnson and their attorneys
were in the courtroom, the Grand Jury
came In and submitted a written report
that they had investigated the case
against Choynski and Johnson and had
found no bill aealnst them.
The law states that a person shall not
be discharged upon failure of the Grami
Jury to find an indictment until after th*
Grand Jury had adjourned for the terrr-
The habeas corpus hearing was then be
gun. The bond of $3000 was reduced ta
J2500 each. The case will go to the Court
of Criminal Appeals. In default of bond*
the pugilists were committed to jail.
GALVESTON. Texas. March 8.—Unex
pected developments marked the habeas
corpus hearings of Choynski and Johnson,
charged with prize ftahtlns, which was
heard before Judge Alten of the Criminal
Court to-day.
Choynski and Johnson
Must Appear Be
fore a Higher Court
TEXAS HOLDS
PUGILISTS IN
JAIL.
Florida people are preparing to go more
and more into the smzll ir.'M cn2 orange
businen*.
NEW YORK, March 8.— Representatives
of Tom Sharkey and Peter Maher met at
the office of, a New York newspaper to
day and clinched a match for a {twenty
or twenty-five round go. Neither side
put up a forfeit, ; but articles are '.. being
prepared that will govern the contest and
it is agreed- that they will be signed to
morrow, i Two. weeks have been leftopen
in which- bids will be received from clubs
throughout the :• country. The fight will
take- place before the club offering the
biggest indueement.<3£&HfiHaHBBi
SHARKEY AND; MAHER FIGHT.
Fouls End Two Fights.
STOCKTON. March >S.— "Kid" ¦Williams
of Los Angeles to-night lost to Henry
Lewis of San. Francisco In the seventh
round on a foul in what was to have been
a twenty-round go before the Stockton
Athletic Association. Williams had the
advantage from the start. The decision
was disputed by many, as Lewis appeared
to have his hands clear of the floor when
the alleged foul was committed. In the
preliminary Gllfeather fouled Curran In
the ninth round and the go was declared
a draw.
NEW ORLEANS, March 8.— Hennessey
& Son, owners of the horse W. J. Baker,
filed with the stewards to-day, certificates
of veterinary surgeons showing that the
horso was sick. These were accepted in
explanation of his bad race yesterday and
the -ban of suspension was removed.
Weather cloudy; track fast. Summary:
Seven furlongs— Free Band won, Annie Lau
retta second, Tobe Payne third. Time 1:264
One 'mile, selll ng-Hcnry Clay Kye won. ke
nova second, Cogswell third. Time, 1M2VJ. • ¦
' One mile and an eighth, selling— Miss -Soak
•won. Ked- Pirate .second, Dagmar third. Time,
l:6;v=.
One mile and seventy yards, handicap— Dis
solute won, Bert Chance second, Jessie Jarboe
third. Time. l:45Vi.
Seven furlongs, selling— Dousterwivel won.'
Al Caskey second. Command third. Time,'
1:2S*4- • . ¦-'-¦
One mile and a sixteenth,: selling— Harry
Preston won. Slasher tecond, Althea third.
Time, 1M9J4-
BAN CF SUSPENSION REMOVED
HOT SPRINGS, Ark., March 8.— The
fight • to-night ¦• between : Casper - Leon and
Morris Rauch lasted . twenty rounds : and
caded in a draw. >
LOUISVILLE, Ky., March 8.— Terry
McGovern . and Dave Sullivan ..were
matched to-night / for a . twenty-round
contest before the Twentieth * Century
Athletic Club of San Francisco on April
30 for the light-weight championship of
the world,', each to weigh 126 pounds at
3 p. m. on the day of the contest.* Mc-
Govern and Sullivan will meet in New
York Tuesday to post $1000 each as a for
feit. Tim Hurst -will, be referee?
FIGHT TERMINATES IN DRAW
LIGHTWEIGHTS COMING HERE
Tanforan Selections.
First race —Quiz, Sinfi, Skip Me.
Second race—Credo," Ollnthus, JO C.<
Third race—Morris stable. Corriffan.
Fourth race—Sister Jeanie. Zlrl, Minerva.
Fifth race —Advance Guard. Tuthlll, Autumn.
Sixth race—Theory, Vohlcer, Doublet.
Sixth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; Belling.
2031 Cantlnus 94 201ff Espirando 10S
2040 Kitty Kelly 103 202S Selde 33
2017 Vohlcer .10S 20'JS Doublet 102
.... Jennie 99 1SS5 Astor ...........110
1357 Theory 107 1O9 Lomond ,.105
Fifth race— One mile and an eighth; three
year-olda and upward; handicap.
'2041 Advance Guardl21 |(2038)Gonfalon .......107
2041 Autumn ..10«J 19:6 Tuthlll 105
(2C30)Xansen 10.'4
Fourth race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds
fillies; Fillies' First Trial stakes; $750 added.
I860 Sister. Jeanie... 115 2001 Loulette .......110
2027 Muslque HO — Ishtar 115
13S5 Zirl 113 1SS3 Oratossa 110
2046 Flora Pomona. 110 2004 Yrsula 110
1811 Minerva 110 .... Phyllis 115
Third race— Four furlongs;, two-year-old colts
and geldings; Colts' First Trial stakes; J7S0
added.
(1620)Prestano 115 (lSGO)Cunard 123
(lcTS)Golden Oottage.llS (2C00)Corrigan 118
2C04 Lucien ApplebyllS 2004 Royalty :11O
Second race— About three miles; four-year
olds and upward; San Francisco Champion
Steeplechase; handicap; 12500 added.
1M0 Lothian 1E8 (lS48)Credo 173
1944 J O C ....12S <2016)OllnthUS 133
1332 Veragua 123
First race — Five furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse. . N
<19S5)Ben Ca!dwell...ll2 2034 Quiz 112
20T>4 Sinfl 10" 2064 Eonic 107
1.^7 Immodell 112 1959 Rio de Altar.. .107
IO2S Marcy 10» 1390 Skip Me 107
M14"Trtple Cross 1C2 2054 X.ellle Forest. ..107
Tanforan. Entries.
NEW YORK. March 8.— The continuous
match and the association championship
at the traps were continued at the Inter
state Park. L* I., traps to-day Instead
of at Madison Square Garden. In the
continuous match Fred Gilbert of Spirit
Lake, Iowa, took flr*t nonons with a score
of KL Crosby of Fallon. 111., and Heikes
of Dayton, Ohio, with 95 each, were tied
Jcr the championship events. Scores:
Continuous match— Fanning, 46: Heikes.
D6- Parmlee. 06; Gilbert. 81; Crosbj'. 56;
Lrroy. 30; Fox. 48; Hull, 33. ,
Association championship— Paxmlee. 91;
rrosby. SS: Gilbert, 94: Heikes, 9a; Fan
ning. S3: Hull, 67: Watson. 82: Delaney.
71- ileroy. 81: Fox. 86; Keller. U; Wanda.
€0 Mm. Park. SO; W. W. Park. 74: Brln
ton. £3; Smith, 79; Wells, 31; Van Allen, SC
CONTESTS AT THE TRAPS.
First race— Sublime. El Kara. William F.
Second race— Torso Maid. Lady Carlo, Mar
toea..
Third race— Et. Rica. Bernota, Satin Coat.
Fourth race— Dr. Echarff, Rosewar. Jarretiere
fl'Or.
Fifth rac* — Grand Eaehein. The Fretter, Rio
Fhar.non. *
Eixth race— Gibraltar, Sir Htmptoa, Korton.
Oakland Selections.
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; four-year-old*
• ad upward; eellinc:
riSIDFir Hampton. ..103i XH7 Morlnca. • 105
1465 Goldcne lC3<rSC)Git)raltar 1CS
20S5 Alleviate K3| 1434 Cromwell IDS
1H4 Mitten 5:»; S03S Mocorito 9S
i'»-,2Hortoa l"j lS64Cue 1C5
rCS7 Ixjoram .Wo!
F1 # th rice—orj* and a tlxteenth miles; three
j-ear-olfis end upward; handicap:
1913 The Fretter US W47 Varda 1C1
3ST'3 Beau Oinonde . *€' "0C3 Rio Shannon.. ..101
1&47 Banror 1CS ; 2C3C Grand Sachexn.. SI
Fourth race— Four and & half furlongs; two
rrar-clds. Third Evcr.t:
Vs4 Fvea G KS; 2010 Barklyite 1C3
<5rc*)KM<;<>e 115 1»"4 EittdO 11!
SBMDr. Scharff US 2000 Koaewar 113
fOX Jarretiere d'Or.115
Third race— One mi>: three-year-old*; sellln*:
MfatlnCo&t 10! »« St. Rica.... 9»
17S5 Berncta. 1M 1"« Tony Ueppincio:
Peronfl ra'-e— Three and a half lurlonss;
trkiien two-ye^r-old f-'.lles; purse:
SB! rre*t*ne 115! 2118 Lady Carlo 113
« r u<5 Po*t Bell 11" I 2034 Torso Maid 115
flecare 1151 2^10 Flattered 110
"¦ Knoclclr-r« 115! 1913 Gartha 110
tOt Irroa A U0l 1S06 Martoea 115
r.4»s Oathrlne Bravo. 9!»| 1?77 Bill Voting 106
1W Billy Lvcns V«! 19*4 Mollie Connors. 99
}S7', T.\ Katt. 106 2f>48 Free Pass 115
r**; Tlne-a-Lir.s ... «J tC25 William F U»
197S Publlme 1M' 20CS Pegalonjr 101
1300 Senator Matts..lO7 1946 Follow Me 106
Ftr*t rare— Six furlongs; three-vear-cldi and
uj-.ward: ee5tln»:
Oakland Entries.
The bench show committee of. the San
Francisco Kennel Club held its regular
weekly meeting on Tuesday last, on whlcn
occasion many important preliminaries of
the show were settled. The secretary,
who has been authorized to select the lo
cation for the office of the club, will be
In a position shortly to report to the com
mittee with a few offers from the owners
of the necessary space. It Is a point in
favor of the show that the club will this
year have more trophies to offer the ex
hibitor than ever before. These trophies
will be of great value, and takinsr-this
circumstance in conjunction with the fact
that the judges will be two gentlemen of
the widest and best reputation as experts,
there is no reason why the entry this year
should not- surpass every, previous record.
A. B. Tr.uman of tho Elcho Kennels
promises to make such an exhibition of
pointers and Irish setters as has never
been seen on this coast before. E. C.
Plume, the secretary of the newly, orgaa
ized Cocker Spaniel Club, expects that his
club alone, exclusive of outs!de fanclsrs.
will bench not less than 110 dogs, wh'ch in
Itself Is 50 per. cent more than the total
number of the breed benched last year.
The secretaries of the other specialty
clubs are Just as enthusiastic, and it !s
stated that the bench show committee has
made arrangements with the contractors
to put up benches for not less than 600
dogs.
GOSSIP OF THE KENNELS.
Louis Bill, who has been long connected
with the Lozler people In the East, is in
the city and will hereafter make this city
his home. _
Herbert V. Ready, a prominent local
wheelman, has Just returned from a threo
months' sojourn in Southern California.
Jio says the racing game ¦was about d'ea*l
In Los Angeles until Floyd McFarland
took hold of it, but he is gradually build-
Ing it up again. Riverside. Pasadena and
San DIesro all have flourishing clubs a.n<»
the entire south is using more wheels than
ever.
The San Mateo AthlPtic Club will be
quite a prominent factor in wheeling cir
cles this year. The club has a member
ship of 102, nearly all of whom are wheel
men. The club Intends to enter a team in.
the annual 100-mile velay race In May,'
and 'will enter Its men In all interclub
events hereafter. A buildinc: committee
has been appointed, consisting: of C. K.
KIrkbride. Paul Nolsac, "Walter Anderson,
D. Webster Donnelly and H. V. Read?,
with power to purchase a suitable site
for a clubhouse, which will be erected this
summer. At the next meeting a nominat
ing committee will be chosen to select the
directorate for the comins year.
The annual 23-mile road race of the As
sociated Cyclists, held last Sunday, was
the most successful event of Its kind that
the -wheelmen around the bay have en
joyed for some time past and the result
has been a renewed ' interest In cycling
matters.- The annual' meeting of the as
sociation will be" held shortly and the
captains of the various local clubs ara
preparing their lists of club events for
the spring: and summer months.
WHIRLS OF THE WHEEL.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
OAaXAND RACETRACK — Friday.
March 8, !50l.— Weather fine. Track
fast.
2O50. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; eelliae;
t!-r»-e-ycar-old9 mi uywtrd; purse. fKO.
Index. Hcrs<\ Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin,
"•-"> Ucf Prince. 3. ST. .Hoar 1 4 1 2* In
2C37SJ. r:«rk. 4. 111. ...Kelly 4 In iH 24
SsUn, 4 1!« Weir 3 2h Sh 3 1
i:.12 Tii-Bt Phot. 4. llS.Mcunce 2 5 1 4 1 4 1
: -4i <;att«l^ne I. US.Hca'«y « 2 1 B4 H
::r.i Picklnw. S, in;..Matem«« 5 7 « 5 6 2
Va U Hooker. 6. 10S. Drown 7 6 7 7
Time— *~i. :HU; «i. :37^; S,. 1.0IU. Good «'art.
V.'ctj cleverly S-ccr-nd and third driving.
"\vinner. Willltm OabCTfl br. c by Prince Lie:
<r Benr.uda-NataMe. In half a dor.en poct«*ts,
l|o£.r or. winner f.nnlly plckM hjs way out.
Nettie Clark ran to form. Gartaleae a bad
*ct*v*m f-ut Tuft PI^Vlow poorly handled.
Scratched— Pmail Jark 3CK. Matilda O 132. Rlch
eri P S4, Blanche Sherpard 1C4.
Brttir.|t-L1ef Prince. 3-5: Nettie Clark. 7;
Fatan. f; Firrt Phct. »: Garta'.ene, SO; Plck-
Icr.-, «;; I^nutse Hooker. 49.
2O57. FECOND HACE— One mile and a fix
t.enth; *rUlng; four-year-oldt and upward;
ruip**, J350.
3?:d»x. Ilorw-. W^t. Jockey. St. 4- Etr. Fin.
7O-s si r liclla. a, ll»..Mounce 2 5 1 1 H 1 1
13T7 Barney F. 4. 107... Stuart 6 Z n 2 2 2 5
r-4» J. McC.eevy. S. 114. Dom 3 11 3 4 3 1
SMI Ptrotno. S. lll.Fauntlroy 5 4 n 4 1 4 3
5/W None Such. 6. lll.Dtr.jrly 7 7 6 £ 1 12
S00» Tar. Tvrlr.k, €. 110. ..Bull 4 6 1 €3 6 10
l^O ''virato 6. Ill floM'n 8 8 S 7 »
W72 v: Zola', r.. 113.Armstmg 13 4 7 1 8
T',me-M<5, :%\: \i, :I«V»; H. :i%W \. itlSH:
rr.ne. 1:CV: 1 l-16m. 1:48. Gocxi start. Won
nil out. Second ani third driving. V\'inner.
Hurhff A- Elliott's b. h. by Imp. Torirallant-
L,ittle Kate. Vl'lnner thirty mlmit»s the best.
Barr.ey F will bf.ir vatCQtSS frcm now on.
Ftromo - big lor^rshorpman, fit cr.ly for haul-
Ire lumber. Twinkle sore.
Bettlr.r— Fir Rt>Ila. 1: Barney F. IS; J. Mc
rie»vy, 7; Strorao, «: Ncne S«ch. 20: Twinkle
Twink." 7;' EMrato, Z'0: Emile Zola, 100.
2or»«. THIRD RACE— Four furlorgs: selling ;
two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Jr1»x. Horn. Wt. Jockey. St. »». Ptr. Fin.
1C34 Constable. lC3..Bas£inper 3 2 3 2 3 In
C 1^)Mnrasch < .no. lC3.I>omnek 112 11 2 5
HttfcVntVia Weir 2 4 1 4 1 3n
Tempion I' w JI->unce .'. t 3 142
rrs* Toddy Mark?, irr. . Kelly « 5 1 5 2 6 3
2'VJ4 Warder. 100 gheehan « 1 >i J 6
T-nie — •», :?4V: }~. :4S. Good start. Won
f rst thr** 1 drlvtaf. TVlnner. L. II. Ezell> br.
%. by Imp. Hassetlsw-Detrix. Winner stocd a
lone, hari drtre. Maraschino f tumbled Just
K»fore th«> !:ne was reached; a fatal mistake.
T"ddy Mf.rks away poorly and interfered -with
in etrptrh. Scratched— Victoria S 1G5, jar
rptlrre d'Or I 1 "*.
rirttirx— Ocstable. 12; Maraschino. 2-5;
J.-r.tn. £0: Toxnpion. 7-2; Teddy Mark?. 30;
•Warder. 1M>.
mr.n. FOURTH RACE— S'.x anfl a half fur
3cr.es; *e!l!rur; three-year-old»: V-iree, 1400.
J-irtex. Hcrse. "Wt. Jockey. St. J £. Btr. Fin.
V JJ>Iio::ick. 110 Bullmtn 2 2 6 11 12
' _"4^ "'¦'-Til* ps. l^Z Mounoe.. 4 4 4 2 n
3?V> Parsifal. 104... .Domlr.tclc 3 In 2 2 3 2
: • v.nirattuf. 104..Bacslngr 1 2 2 3 1 4
•nm*-l-l6. :0G»i: hi. :24; H. :4?H: 6ijf. 1:23.
dntui start. Won easily. Second and third
'¦.r.vinp- Winner. Burn's & "WaterhouWs ch.
F. by Tike Notice-Happy Maiden. Rollick won
f-usily. Parsifal and AniJratfjs bcth backed
U7'.
riAttir.^-Rnr.iek. Ij Ccrapas*. E; Pars'.fal. 10;
AniJrattus. 13-5.
2<WjO. FIiTH RACE— Six rarlong*: eellinff;
four-year-clis BSd upward; pyree. $305.
l:-.<S?x. Hone, Vet. Jockey. St. H. Bir. Fin.
;r: Rir.i!3o. 6. U7. .Domr.lck 1 12 11 11
IS8I llieerdon. 4. HT.Builtnn 3 1 »i 2 3 2 3
¦033 » laria. 5 115.F"auntleroy 6 7 1 3 h 3 n
SOS M. Hoy, a, 117.KaFSin&er 5 5 h 4^46
987 I*a Masc'ta. a, Hi.. Mace I 3 h 6 1 6 1
?'<, IMot. -4. 1!7 Kelly ( (n 5 1 6 1
Baa I tXt Knew, a, HT.Falhy 7 4 1 7 ! 7 S
T\ m p—^i. :21'i: >?. :<Sij; «;. 1:14%. Good start.
Won first' three drivir.r- Winner. William
UfcC Favc-rsham S. 12O..RuizlO 10 9 4 SI
;-i37 AlmoiiT. 5. U7.J. McCrty K S 3 SI » 4
3B2 Mike Rice, a, U7..Howell 9 9 2 10 19
CabBTm b. r. br Ijeonatu^-Daiilla. Haserdon
Jerked like a cnj"ote and the beet horw won.
ASaria ;-.an^!e<l her weijrht well. La. Mascotta
ran into a rxJcpt. Almoner won't do. Scratched
— Anttoch 117. Loccncino 113.
RnTtir.K— ninald-x t: Haperflon. 1; Alarl*. 12;
Mfrry lioy. 10; L* Mascctta, 12: Pilot. 20; I
I -'n't Know. 60; Kaversham. 100; Almoner, 8;
x:k» Rice, £0. j
S001. HXTH P-ACE— Futurity course: ecTl
in#; four-year-cMs and upward: purse. $400.
3^d»x. H~r*»>. Wt. Jockey. Ft. H- Str. Fin.
; •-£ Th«? Lirht. 5, !12.Moence 111 11 14
rifS»)Tto* B^ned't, 4. 116. Howl 5 5 6 2 2 2 1
rtSZfGt. Hope. S. llS..liullmn 4 4 h 4 2 3 4
V-A MiF* p.ovrr.a. 6. m.Ruiz 3 5 1 3 1 4 5
US* O«rn. Evert. 4. 106.. Dom Z S 1 5 5 SI
;-C0 Norford. 4. IIS Kelly 6 -6 • 6 C
!'p:?ir.j;-The Lisfct. ',-2: The Benedict. 4:
<tocd Hop*" 5; Mis* Rowena. 13-5; Coming
Ewtft. C: Norfrrd. 12.
Tim'— To U. :K: to %, :4GH: last «*. l:01'i:
fhnrt \. 1 :11V Poor start. .V.'on easily. Sec
rr.d and third* cMvlr.ff. Winner. Hughe* & El
!i«!t'f ch. m. by Uncle Jew-EarUary Maid.
'. ;.~ L:g:l-t Illuminated th» way from start to
tinish. The -B<»nwjict hard ridden. Miss
Rowena <an <lo better. Norford away badly.
B— — RUTAL. Silurian. Telaaion and
Ada N" came together yesterday
at Tanforan for a four-cornered
race over the seven furlong
course. The crowd, which was
exceptionally good for a week-day, had
been worked up to an expectation of
something In the track line well worth
looking at. Disappointment was the po-
tion served, not that Brutal, the Burlin
game Stock Farm entry, won, nor that
Telamon, the favorite, was blanketed
with defeat, but that horses of such
known class could cover this distance in
such poor time. ¦ It was an easy victory
for Brutal, and Ada X, supposed to be
the rank outsider, captured money which
burned the fingers of Telamon and Silu
rian, the first and second choices.
For a time down the back stretch the
fleet-footed four kept a line something
like well disciplined young seminary girls
in a march display at commencement
time. Then Ada N and Brutal grew
wearied at the slowness of the pace and
broke away from the staid monotony.
Silurian. O'Connor up. held the show
position, and favorite Telamon churned
the wake. And so they went their own
slow pace. Burns carried Brutal under
the wire a winner. Miller, on Ada SJ;
getting the place. Henry thought It wa_s
time to come in from the fields and he
sauntered home ahead of O'Connor, with
the leg on Silurian. The time was 1:2S%.
This race was by no means the surprise
solitaire. That game began at the out
set of the day when Mission, 7 to 1, with
Enos up, put to shame a field of ten in
the five and a half furlong race. Amel'a
Fonso was made a false favorite simply
because O'Connor was in the saddle. A
great deal was heard of Ulloa and some
thing of Dunboy. Both figured on the
tally sheet when the votes were counted.
Amelia was out in the snow trying to
rouse a sluggish circulation.
Greatland. with Charley Thorpe up, ad
ministered a .mild surprise in tho mile
race, the second on the card. It was
pretty much Greatland all the way. Im
perious, with O'Connor on top, giving tha
rest of the field no chance for the place.
In the third race O'Connor took Mac-
Laren over the five and a half furlonijs
ahead of the field, Valenclenne, the favor
ite, figuring not at all. Foul Play, very
long in the betting.lETot the place.
O'Connor's second winning came in the
fifth race, when he piloted Bonnie Lissak
safely to the bank. Moonbright. whj
made the place, was 20 to 1, and Maresa.
2 to 1. with Burns in the saddle, was the
favorite. One of those deep, finger-up
secrets buzzed on Sinfi, 19 to 1. Sinn cama
a neck or so of reaching the tail-end cf
the money. When the stretch was reached
SInfl fell In a pot of mucilage
Had Thornwild got away strongly the
last race on the card would have swelled
the small chest of Jockey Walsh, who Is
a very email young boy. As it happened
Redwald. with an old salt like Burns at
the wheel, barely took Thornwlld's meas
ure Tappan. the favorite, finished a bad
third, all first three driving hard et tha
finish. Thornwild was 12 to 1 and w.ia
played by a few who went home sadder
but wiser and full of determination to
take to the mountains. * <
AT TANFORAN TRACK
BY LOUIS H0NIG.
WITH no attempt at exagger
ation, the racing at Oakland
track, clean and healthy as it
Is, has a firm hold on th«
. pubile affection. Yesterday
the bright summer weather attracted
another large <rowd. there being an
especially liberal Eprlnkling of the fair
sex. Business In tho ring was enlivened
by the presence of several well known
plungers who had tired of the game else
where. Favorites again struck a winning
clip, romping away with four of the six
pvrses. Two long shots. Constable and
FJnaldo, gladdened the hearts of -the for
tune dreamers.
Passing over several pages to the dos
ing chapter, where a natty delegation of
rpeed had assembled, a very pretty race
was witnessed. The distance was over
tha Futurity course, and while Miss
Rowena. The Benedict and Good Hope
had loyal friends In the ring, their cause
was hopeless. At the start, Mounce took
The Light away in front, and made every
post a lamp post, beating The Benedict
four open lengths. « Even this did not
furnish sufficient illumination for "Pi"
Ruiz, who lost the show with Miss Row
ena to Good Hope. The mare's showing
was a very bad one. So fierce was the
betting on this event that the winner, con
sidered by many a rosy 4 to 5- chance,
opened at S to 5 and closed 6 to 2.
I Act Prince finally dropped into a spot
where he could get car tare, Billy Ca
hiil's colt met a field of trashy ones In the
first event at five furlongs, and ruling a
3 to 5 chance around post time won hand
lly. Nettie Clark captured the place fron
Satan, a hot tip.
Reappearing after an extended absence.
Hughes and Elliott's bay horse Sir Rolla
had another try at the sport in the mile
and a sixteenth run. Shouldering 119
pounds, he gradually moved up from fifth
position, beating out- Barney F with lit
tle to spare. Even money was the clos
ing quotation about the winner. Jim Mc-
Cleevy finished' third.
No doubt a stumj»le just before reach
ing the wire cost Maraschino ' the two
year-old purse. Johnny Humphrey's colt
occupied the place of honor in the betting,
and after cutting out all the running was
collared and downed a neck by Consta
ble, a 15 to 1 shot. Bassinger piloted the
last named youngster, ¦which 'Is a member
of Louis Ezell's string. The show fell to
Lento. Teddy Marks, owned by the
matchless dancer Paplnta, started, but
was unfortunate in getting away from
the post poorly. He is a fine looking son
of El Kayo and ¦will do later on.
Bullman scored an easy winning mount
on Rollick in the six and a half furlong
jaunt. The Burns & 1Vaterhou.se gelding
ruled an even money favorite and gal
loped home in front. Parsifal and An
drattus both tired after making the pace,
allowing Compass to come from far back,
securing place honors. There were only
four starters.
The lumbering Hagerdon was set up as
favorite for the six furlong dash, fifth to
be decided, only to be tumbled over.
Rinaldo. an 8 to 1 shot, raced him to a
standstill, and in a drive received the
decision by a length.
¦ . •__". ¦ ¦ '¦¦''¦:?:.
Track Notes.
"Walter Hobart has purchased TTlnna
bel, the diminutive two-year-old, from
"Honest" Dodd. The reported price paid
was $500. , ..
Small Jack was scratched from the first
race at Oakland for very good -reasons.
John A. Morris, another member of the
Cook string and a horse of vicious tem
perament, attacked Jack and nearly
kicked him out of the business, ' while
using his teeth as well. •
AT OAKLAND TRACK.
By F. E. Hulholland.
Brutal Wins a Four- Cornered Race in Very Slow Tine— Telamon
and Silurian Are Easily Beaten,
Artie Granfleld also made short work
of "Kid" Daly of Denver. The "Kid" was
willing, and so was Artie. At the end of
the first mix-up tho "Kid" changed his
mind and dropped to the floor. He was
prevailed to arise and continue, but a left
uppercut sent him to the land of dreams.
- Billy McDonald made short work of Ed
Daly. Daly's aspirations were dimmed in
one round of one-sided fighting. Charles
Ryan and Jack Murry fought four excit
ing rounds to a draw. It was the best
bout of- the night and kept the spectators
on their feet. -. The decision- was highly
satisfactory.
Archie Dean and Pete Coleman. alias
Magee, pummeled each other until their
rfaces were puffed and bleeding. Magee's
face was adamantine and withstood the
blows of his opponent. He was awarded
the fight near the close of the second
round. Dean meant well but executed
badly. . . ¦ .
Mike Curtain and Jim Pallas, alias
"fiharkey." fought four rounds to a draw.
It was an even bput, , fairly clever, but
highly exciting.
Billy Snallham ended the aspirations of
Jim Curley of Seattle in less than two
rounds. . Tho bantam champion had an
easy game before him and. landed at will.
Curley has the making of a good lad, be
ing cool, and somewhat shifty, but against
a whirlwind like Snailham he Is out of
his element. • :
Tom Snallham, a brother of. the ama
teur bantam champion, entered tho arena
under tho name of BlUy ¦ Murphy. He
fought a youth named Jack Bevans and
made him look like ' a "•selling plater."
Snallham struck Bevans while he wa3
down, and the latter claimed and was
awarded -the decision on a foul. .
• Mora than two thousand people crowded
and perspired -In the gymnasium of the
Ban Francisco Athletic Club last night for
the privilege of seeing athletic youtha
pumrael each other Into Insensibility. The
spectators shouted and gesticulated and
after the evening's entertainment left the
arena tired, but' In a happy frame of
mind. ; It was the banner crowd in the
history of the local club, and th&-smlles
on the faces of the directors attested
their joy. . •_ -
The opening bout wap.a hummer. Jack
Cordell and "'Kid" Parker were the con
testants. When tho bell signaled hostili
ties, Parker extended the hand of. peace,
but Cordell emote him on the Jaw with
his left and hooked him In the .dining
apartment with hl3 right. Parker was
shocked, as were also the spectators, and
Cordell was unmercifully hooted for his
unsportsmanlike conduct. . • Parker 'be
came angry and sailed Into Cordell and
the latter soon new signals of distress.
In the eecond round Parker went at his
man and had him groggy. . Cordell was In
no condition to continue and was disquali
fied. All of which gave Joy to the multi
tude.
Clever Battles Fought
at the San Fran
cisco Athletic Club
FAST FIGHTS
PUT UP BY
AMATEURS.
FOUR CHOICES AND TWO RANK
OUTSIDERS FIRST AT OAKLAND
TENNIS-ATHLETICS-RACING-SHOOTING-GOLF SPORTS
THE SAN FRAXC1SCO GALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 9, 1901.
TENNIS PLAYERS IN
TOURNAMENT GAMES
Preparing for Academic, Intercollegiate and
Club Contests of Near Future.
GRANT SMITH.AXD RAT CORNELL. A DOUELE TEAM THAT WILL*
. SOOX.BE OUT FOR CHAMPIONSHIP HONORS ON THE ASPHALT.
THEIR LATEST WAS THE WINNING OF THE DAVIS CUPS.
5
.......... , . . ... %>V
| Biliousness and Torpid Li m, I
!?<A • Caused by overloading the stomacb; lerrcs your system in a condition that make? AA
ftK you susceptible to contagious dlssases. If yonr stomach and llrer are In coc.l KM
W • " - ... • ..... . ' ¦'¦-¦..¦ ¦ - ' KM
®3 condition you will, alwa-s enjoy good health. No medicine In the world has at- SK
¦ : \r£\ ...-..¦¦. . .-. . ¦ ..... . . &w
tnjned sach a world-wide reputation or been Indorsed by so many famous and well- ; ¦¦£,<
V*«? known physicians for the positive core of Stomach troubles, Bliiousacss and LlTer
i; Y£A ¦--¦¦¦ ¦¦•¦¦•¦. • ¦ . '¦,...• w
«« complaints as
| mos03&!m I
>???< Prescribed by the Medical Profession for 30 Years. £???
£?<£ AVERAGE DOSE: One-half tumblerful taken half hour before breakfast will
:, <^V cleanse yonr system, leave your stomach in a healthy condition and create an appe- * £m
aKf-tite.;- . :
I Y\fYl/ at thc Ubcl » I A Q!/ for the Foil Name, -^
gggj LAJxJ IV Blue and Red. : < /VO l\ "Hanyadi-Jaoos"A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Queen Wilhelmina is being overwhelmed with" gifts
which range in variety from a tea set to a railroad
train. It is unfortunate that bounteous nature was
not so kind in her presentation of a husband!:
The Silver Republican party, of Idaho has formally
been disbanded. .The sad affair/seems not to have
possessed the dignity even of a respectable fune-al.
The party had been dead so long that its burial be
came a sanitary necelsity. . . .
Wireless telegraphy is now in practical operation
among the Hawaiian islands. This is bringing the
system near enough home to suggest a fear that the
local yellow sheet will soon announce the fact as a
discovery of its own.
An American firm of canners is being. censured for
placing only nine. oysters in each can shipped to Mexi
can consumers. The offenders must have had some
reason to believe that our Mexican friends intended
to start .church fairs on the wholesale.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company has offered
a reward of $1000 to any one who will find the wreck
of the Rio. This is one way of shirking a solemn
duty imposed upon the corporation by death and the
corporation's own appalling negligence.
The row and rumpus and babel of tongues which
accompanied the opening of the first Legislature of
the Territory of Hawaii indicate that the island solons
have at least one advantage over the rest of us. They
are at liberty to swear in several languages at once.
The Democratic members of the United States Sen
ate are raising a row because, a Republican- member
has been given a seat among them. They should con
sole themselves with the thought that if they pretend
to be particular in reference to the company they keep
he certainly is not.
place. \ : *<' :
It will be remembered that during, the recent inves
tigation by the Assembly committee into the relations
of the police with Chinese violators of the law one of
the Chinese witnesses swore that a large sum of
money was raised by the highbinders of Chinatown
for the purpose of getting Price remo\'ed because his
activity in suppressing vice in the Chinese district was
displeasing to them. That evidence, taken in connec
tion with the fact that the former Police Commission
had removed Price upon secret testimony and with
out giving him a hearing, was almost sensational in
its effect upon the public. It disclosed the existence
of a conspiracy supported by Chinese money to pro
cure the removal of a police officer solely because he
was faithful to his duty, and consequently it will be
even-where recognized that the Chief of Police
lias done right in restoring Price to the Chinatown
v/crk.
The conspirators who procured his removal in th»
first instance will doubtless renew their intrigues
against him, and it is therefore the duty of the Com
missioners and the Chief of Police to give him a full
and resolcte support. If that be done we may see «t
speedy reform in the purlieus of Chinatown. Lieuten
ant Price cannot be ignorant that he has an oppor
tunity Xo make a brilliant record as a supporter of the
law. nor can it be doubted that he will do his best to
make the most of it.
LIEUTENANT PRICE has been- not only re
instated in his former rank in the police service
but has been intrusted with command of a squa<]
assigned to the duty of suppressing vice and maintain
ing the law in Chinatown. In appointing Price to that
duty the Chief of Police has done well. The act
completes the vindication of the wronged officer anil
restores him not only to his rank but to the very work
he was engaged upon when removed and disrated.
Having been assigned to that work the Commission
ers should now give Lieutenant Price full authority
to act and should cordially support him in all that he
undertakes for the enforcement of law. He should be
given as far as possible a free hand in order that he
may effectually disprove the charges of his secret ene
mies by showing himself exactly the right man for the
REINSTATEMENT OF PRICE.
SECOND HOMESTEAD BILL-P. E.
H Lonoak. Cal. The second homestead
bill became a law by the act of June 5,
1900.
' THE HUMAN SKUL.L—C. T.. City. Tho
growth of the human skull after the sev
enth year proceeds very slowly, but a
sllpht increase goes on to about the age
of 20.
BERLIN AND PARIS— K. I*. City. Tha
population of Berlin, according to the cen
sus of 1900, was 1,843,000; that of Paris, ac
cording to the census of 1S36, the latest,
was 2.536334.
PUZZLES— M. B. D.. Petaluma, Cal. To
ascertain if a magazine that publishes
"puzzles, conundrums, etc.," pays for
contributions of that character you ahouM
write to the magazine that publishes such.
This department cannot advise you as you
do not name the magazine.
COLOR AND TATTOO— R. R.. City.
Any first class dealer in paints and colors
will furnish colors that are not poisonous.
The Chemical News says that tattoo
marks on the human body will disappear
by being 1 first well rubbed with pure acetic
acid and lard, then with a solution of pot
ash and finally with hydrochloric acid.
SPANISH COIN— W. C, Weavervill*.
Cal. The coin you describe In your letter
of inquiry is a dos reales piece of the reigrn
of Carlos III of Spain. Such a coin does
r.ot command a premium from dealers la
coins. Spanish coins of the .face value of:
14. l. 2, 4 and 8 reals are not wanted by
dealers, though they date back 200 years.
A dos realms piece can be purchased from
dealers for 40 cents.
A LEASE— Interested Reader. City. Iff
a lease contain* the following words, "for
a period of two years, with the privilega
of extending the same for two years more
at the same rental." it means that the
lessee at the expiration of two years may
renew the lease for a term not to exceed
two years at the ?ame rental. If a lease
run? for a spectfled time It expires at that
time and must be renewed.
SMUGGLERS-O., Oakland,. Cal. The
records show only one case of opium
smuggled In which any party by the namo
of Gallagher was said to be implicated.
That was in 1SS0. Gallagher and several
others were indicted for smuggling 2224
five tael boxes of opium. This was on
June 11 of that year. The warrants wer«
returned unserv«l and a nolle prosequi
was entered February 2, 1S35.
HOMESTEAD PURCHASE— P. E. H..
Lonoak. Cal. If a homestead settler does
not wish to remain for five year3 on his
tract, the law permits him to pay for it
with cash upon making proof of settle
ment and cultivation for a period of not
less than fourteen months from date of
entry to the time of payment. In such a
case he will be required to pay Jl 25 per
acre for minimum land or $2 30 for land
within railroad limits, called double rn'.r.;
, mum land.
Choice candies. Townsend's. Palace Hotel.*
Cal. glace fruit S0c per lb at Townsend"s.»
Special information supplied da:Iy to
business houses and public men by tha
Presa Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone Main 1W2. . •-
Statistical information may be dull, but
it is riotously humorous and sensational
compared with some pages of the Con
gressional Record.
Cheap to Bakersflcld.
The Santa Fe will sell you a ticket to Bakers
fleld and return at the very low rat« of Jlo.
Good to leave San Francisco Uanch »th. side
rides to the Kern County oil. wells at very low
rates. Secure your sleeping car reservations
and make all arrangements at the company' a
office. *41 Market itreet, or at Ferry dapot.
Remova the causes that make yoar hair lift
!eaa and rray with Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hinderconta. the b'est cure for coraa.~15 ctm.
SERIX— S.. City. The name given to a
kind of fine rain or heavy dew which falls
sometimes In a clear sky is serin!
HURTLEBERRT— S., City. Hurtleberry
is only another name for whortleberry.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
.Of all the speculations on the subject that which is
cf most interest to us is the suggestion that the new
star may be some huge burning and blazing mass
travelinjrin our direction from the far-off regions of
space. If such be the case the fiery wonder will yet
be a' menace and make things warm' for this planet, so
that Alaska will be the pleasantest place of residence
within the wide territories of the United States. For
tunately we need not be alarmed • for the present.
Those who believe the star to be coming our wav
have made calculations of its speed and have arrived
at the conclusion that if it be journeying in our direc
tion it will not get as near to us as the sun in less
than 30.000 years.
•Finally, it is to be noted that this is not the first nor
Such figures are large, b.ut they are not the lar
gest that have been estimated. -Another astronomer
is quoted as having said: "What are we witnessing?
A phenomenon that occurred on the 22d of February,
1901? No. . We are perhaps looking upon that which
took place in the dawn of the history of man upon
earth. That which we see now is no more in /exist
ence; we are witnessing that which occurred in .the
long distant past. Is it the burning up of a world?
The spectroscope shows all such conflagrations, if
such it be, to be caused by the brilliant incandescence
of hydrogen gas. May it have been caused by the
falling. of a planet into a sun, or a star colliding
with a star in its course through the heavens? Science
reaches out to solve the mystery. Some day we will
know more about it."
One authority says the star is about six million
times as far from the earth as the sun, or "about 560
trillions of miles," and he estimates that the illumina
tion we now sec must have occurred in 1803. In
ether words,' it has taken this light something like
ninety-eight years to travel to our eyes. The same ex
pert adds that if the explosion which caused the light
also gave rise to sound loud enough to traverse the
distance to this globe it will be heard here somewhere
about 70,000,000 years from now, and will no doubt
greatly astonish the natives who happen to be here at
that time. •
With th§ social aspect of the matter, however, we
have little concern and hardly any interest. The slight
est words of astronomers are worth more to the peo
ple of this coast than the enthusiastic babbling of forty
lovers on a subject of this kind. When we turn to
the talk of -the astronomers, however, we find them
engaged in a dispute in which they fling around jef
crences to a hundred years, more or less, as if time
were no object. Even worse do they treat space.
They put on or take off some billions of miles from
the estimates of one another as <f space were a mere
matter of speculation.
From the reports that come to us it seems the star
makes its appearance in the skies of our Eastern
States at a time propitious to popular entertainment.
Boston reports seeing it almost directly overhead at
sunset and high up in the northwest at 9 o'clock.
Those are hours well fitted for star-gazing, and even
Mrs. Grundy can hardly complain of young folks who
start on their strolls for astronomic study at early twi
light and get home before 10.
PROM a popular point of view the new star that
suddenly made its appearance on February 22
in the constellation Perseus has not been so great
z. success on this coast as in the East. It. has received
here a handsome but passing notice from the press,
and tHat has' been about all. In the East, however,
it appears to be a bigger attraction than anything at
the theaters, the Presidential inauguration or city
politics. Journalists write about it, society talks about
it, science studies it, and young men and maidens go
forth in the evening 10 gaze at it
THE NEW STAR.
Major Blakeney is of the opinion that any effort on
the part of Uncle Sam's soldiers to tell the truth
would be in the nature of a fatal operation. He is
probably also assured that some of the witnesses a;
the Rio investigation will never die from the cause he
suggests.
The statute fcas now been repealed, however, and
the burden has been taken off the backs of the people;
but notwithstanding it ought to be somebody's duty
to ascertain whether or not the express companies of
the United States owe any duty to the Government
the performance of which it can enforce. Laws are
passed to discipline the railroads, the trusts and other
interstate Corporations, but the powerful hands of
.Uncle Sam seem to be paralyzed when he attempts to
take from the express companies a small sum in taxes
to be used for the defense of the nation in a foreign
war.
This sum does not seem large when it is remem
bered that it has been taken from the people in the
shape of cent pieces, but the principle is sufficiently
important to merit further consideration. When Con
gress passed the war revenue act it intended that the
express corporations of the country should contribute
a small sum toward carrying on hostilities with Spain
and paying the expenses of the conquest of Porto
Rico and the Philippines. Not only have these organ
izations succeeded in defrauding the Government of
this money, but they have done so with insblence and
defiance.
Indeed, the action is something more than a con
fe'ssion of judgment. It is a confession that during the
past two years Wells, Fargo & Co. has been, through
technicalities and with the aid of its attorneys, rob*
bing its customers of large amounts of money daily.
At the beginning of the controversy over these war
taxes it was estimated that by refusing to stamp its
receipts and bills of ladingthis express company alone
took from its patrons in the neighborhood of $10,000
a month. Therefore successful evasion of the law has
netted the company in two years about $240,000.
Moreover, the fact that, according to statements of
the parties interested, the corporation has liquidated
the judgments in full and all the costs is a practical
confession that when it refused to pay its war taxes in
these cases it openly and flagrantly violated the law.
In short, notwithstanding the indignant denial of the
attorney for Wells, Fargo & Co., we consider the set
tlement of these suits a confession of judgment.
THE action of Wells, Fargo & Co. in settling the
suits brought against it in this city to compel
it to pay its war taxes indicates conclusively that
the corporation did not care to meet the issu-.
squarely. If it was not worth while to litigate the
matter the suits might have been compromised imme
diately after being instituted; but skillful attorneys
have been paid handsomely for carrying these actions
into the United States courts and back again, and for
devoting.a great deal of valuable time to obstructing
the wheels of justice in 'conjunction with them.
TRIUMPHANT TAX SHIRKING.
In the meantime the public may draw what consola
tion it can from the fact that the author of the lngle
side gambling ordinance has openly and publicly an
r.ounced himself as "responsible."
We shall have many such offenses to record while
lngleside is in operation as a place of legalized gam
bling. The menace of the curse affects every business
hou*e and every home in the city. No one can fore
see what cierk, what trusted emplcye, what public offi
cial, is going to be crazed into crime by losses at the
track: nor can any one tell what home will be next
raided by burglars, or upon whom the footpads of the
night will make their r.ext assault. The danger is over
the whole community, and until the crime has been
committed no one can even so much as guess what
will be its nature or who will be its victim.
It is to be noted th'jt legalized track gambling not
only corrupts the people of the community where it Is
tolerated, but it attracts to that community the vicious
and tht brutal from other localities. Toughs, black
guards and criminals ere drawn by racetrack gambling
as buzzards are attracted by carrion. Thus it is not
surprising that on the very day one broken track
srambler was arre;te3 for burglary it was learned that
a citizen troinp: to his home on a quiet street in the
citv was assaulted by masked footpads, who demanded
his money and fired at him when he fled from them.
ANOTHER TRACK VICTIM.
ONE more has been added to the lengthening list
of cases in the annals of crime caused by bet
ting at the racetracks, and the "responsibility"
of the author of the ordinance permitting gambling ar
lngleside has to that extent been increased. A young
man arrested on Thursday upon a charge ot burglary
has confessed himself guilty, and by way of explana
tion has stated that after squandering all his money at
the racetrack 'he became desperate and could find no
way to retrieve his fortunes except through the com
mission of crime.
Such offenses as this were very common in San
Francisco when lngleside was running in full blast in
past years, and they will be common again now that
the Supervisors have granted a renewed privilege pi
gambling. The author of the bill, who proudly de
clared himself responsible for it, is not going to find
his responsibility a sinecure. Gambling has a vitiat
ing cfTect upon the brain as well as the morals of men.
The broken gambler has left neither a conscience nor
a fair degree oi intelligence. He turns from the race
track to obtain money by any means possible. Some
times he commits forgery, sometimes larceny, some
times embezzlement, sometimes burglary and some
times murder. When none of those means of obtain
ing money for further gambling are open to him the
dazed .ind desnairir.2 wretch commits suicide.
John D. Spreckels, Proprietor of
The Call, San Francisco: Owing to
delay of Government in compiling
and revising census it will be im
possible to ship first carload of atlases
ordered by you before March 30th.
They will go forward promptly that
day by fast freight.
GEORGE F. CHAM.
A slight delay lias become impera
tive in the delivery of The Call's
premium atlas, but what is lost in
time 'will be more than compensated
for in the added value ot the splendii.
work which will be offered to sub
scribers of this paper. The atlas i3
not only to be absolutely accurate but
will have the latest official statistics
obtainable. The Federal Government
has. been slow in compiling and re
vising the census, and The Call atlas,
which must have this latest informa
tion, has necessarily been delayed.
The following telegram explains the
situation:
CHICAGO, March 7, 1901.
SLIGHT DELAY IN
COMPLETING ATLAS
WASHIKGTON, March 8.— The follow
ing Callfornlans are registered at the Ra
leigh: Mr. and Mrs. J. S. Chapman. D.
J. Brownsteln, Los Angeles; WUllain
Hall, San Francisco..
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
NEW YORK, March S.-The following
Calif ornlans are In New York: Prom San
Francisco— U F. Selssler. Miss Herrln.
W. i\ Herrin. at Holland: R. McKenzlo
and wife, at St. Denla; H. F. Price, at
Albert; A. J. Scott. II. T. Scott, at Hol
land; E. A. Selfrldge Jr. and wife, at
ParJc Avenue; J. P. Yoxtng. at Holland;
C. B. Dexter, at St. D«nls; J. C. Connell.
at Herald Square; J. Freeman and wife,
at Grand Union; A. Schumacher. I* A.
Schumacher, at Plaza.
From Oakland— Mrs. S. G. Nye, at
Broadway Central.
CAUFOBNIANS IN" NEW YOKK.
SATURDAY ¦ MARCH 9, 1900
JOHN D.. SPRECKE.LS, Proprietor.
itCnt* All C«r=ccSeaUent U W, B. LEAK. Manager. .
«•«•.»€.«->«•.-. Ol'FICE Trlfplione Pre»« 2Ot
rTuLICATlOX OFriCR...MarUct-nnU Third. S. *\
Telephone Prena UJ1.
EDITORIAL. nOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenaon St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered tir- Carrier*. IX Onf« Per Weelc
Slnsrl«* Coplrd. O Cent*.
Terra* t»y Mull. Including FoMmcet
7 A1T.T CALL (!nel«<!!nc Eunflay). one year I«-W
rvAILY CALL Mncluainir Sunday). « months »-W
DAILY CALL (incSufllnc Sunday). 1 mocth» »-j»
1>A1LT CAL1*— By Fine'.e Month •- •*;
SCYDAY CALL. Ore Tear • ••¦J*
WEEKLY CAiX. Ont Y*flr *•<"
All poitmtilcra nre nnthorlied to recelT-*
¦a1i<u>rip<lona.
?SjT^nt- #«r>r1e« will be *PTTTOr<l»<1 wf-»ff fquwtM.
The fidelity of Senator Nelson is not unexpected to
those who know him. He is one of the Republicans
against whom the bosses fought during the campaign.
They knew he would not do. their bidding and they
tried to defeat him. Fortunately for the city and the
State the voters of the Twenty-fifth Senatorial District
were not to be deceived. The event has proven that
they voted for the right man. The China Basin bill is
a measure of great importance to San Francisco, and
the defeat of the bill by the votes and the intrigues of
San Francisco representatives in the Senate would
have been in the nature of a public disaster. It would
have delayed for many years an improvement in our
transportation facilities which is of iiriperative
urgency. Therefore, in all our satisfaction at the pas
sage of the bill, we should not forget to give due credit
to the fidelity and efficiency of Senator John H. Nel
son.
The attitude of Senator Nelson in the contest is in
striking contrast to that of the notorious "Eddie"
Wolfe, who, by the grace of the bosses, misrepresents
the Twenty-first District. While Wolfe was doing the
work of the bosses in a coarse way and was
denouncing right and left all the advocates of the bill,
including in- his sweeping condemnation every com
mercial organization representing the business inter
ests of the people, Senator Nelson was working with
an equal zeal but with much better manners on th;
side of public interests. He represented the senti
ment of his constituents and was faithful to their wel
fare. Nothing that the opposition could do was able
to shake him in his firm resolve to be true to the peo
ple who had elected him to office.
WHILE the people of San Francisco and of the
State generally are congratulating one another
. upon the passage by the Senate of the China
Basin bill they should not fail to give due credit to
Senator John H. Nelson of the Twenty-fifth District,
who during the whole controversy stood firmly on
the side of the people and was largely instrumental in
obtaining the victory over the antagonists of the
measure. '.. .
SENATOR NELSON'S EXAMPLE.
IV.— TAKINa THE CENSUS.
The foundation of census-taking is geo
graphical. It consists of -the division of
the- territory to be canvassed Into dis
tricts of proper size, having regard both
to area and to population.- The number
of enumeration districts in the present
cenBUS was about 53,000, and the popula
tion enumerated was 76,304.799, so that the
average number in each district was ap
proximately 1500, although there were
great differences In detail, according to
the varying density or sparseness of pop
ulation. In general the boundaries of the
districts correspond, to' those of political
divisions, beginning with the States and
descending to those of townships or of
voting precincts, according to locality.
The determination of these boundaries in
advance necessitates a vast amount of ex
amination of maps and of statutes, to
gether with much official correspondence,
and is a troublesome undertaking. A de
scription of the district was pasted In
each portfolio for the enumerator's Infor
mation; also, wherever practicable, a map
showing at least its outline. This detail
was new and serviceable.. The only Inno
vation of importance In this branch of
the work was the reauirement that the
enumerator in a city should return the
population of each block' separately.
A more striking novelty was the use of
"street books," In which not only the pop
ulation but the dwellings and other build
ings, or even the vacant lots, were entered
in detail. This system served as a valua
ble check upon frauds in the enumera
tion, besides insuring a thorough canvass
of the district 1 and furnishing a record
which enabled a vigilant supervisor to
keep track of "Call backs," where houses
had to be revisited on account of the ab
sence of families on the occasion of the
first visit. ¦'¦¦ , ,
In addition to the street books, in cer
tain large cities lists of the houses and
of the vacant lots, by street numbers, in
each enumeration district, were prepared
in advance for the enumerators' use by
the aid of the fire underwriters' maps.
These were In the nature of a notifica
tion of the character and amount of work
to be done by each* of them, and enabled
the supervisor to satisfy himself that no
occupied dwelling had been overlooked m
the house-to-house visitation.
Choosing a Date for the Enumeration
There Is no satisfactory date In the en
tire year at which to take the census. If
the date is too early the northernmost
portions of the country^are Inaccessible
on account of the continuance of the win
ter season. At a somewhat later date the
farmers In rural districts are busily en
gaged in the preparation of the ' ground
and planting. By Juno 1 many residents
of cities have left their homes for tha
summer and are temporarily absent.
There are objections to a date in the au
tumn also which need not here be men
tioned. . .
The fact that there are so many ab
sentees in cities at the time of enumera
tion i3 the occasion of much dissatisfac
tion and complaint. There is probably
not a growing town In the United States
of any size which does not cherish Illu
sion with reference to its population. In
many of them the exaggerated ideas en
tertained as to the actual number of In
habitants are based upon the more or less
fictitious estimates given Out by the pub
lishers of directories, who multiply the
number of names contained In each of
them by some assumed number. This
number is invariably- too large. But in
the twelfth census, , taken last year, an
attempt was made to Include absentees
in the enumeration as far as possible.
Elaborate arrangements were devised
with this end in view, including In cer
tain cities postal cards left at each house
in advance of the summer exodus. Inquir
ing whether the family there residing an
ticipated leaving the city, and, if so, what
would be their probable address on June
1. Much correspondence was had with
absentees whose addresses could be pro
cured from any source, and they were af
forded the opportunity to fill and return
by mall a special blank giving replies to
the questions upon the population sched
ule. Large additions to the population
were thus secured, and the result must
have been a certain amount of duplica
tion of names, which was not a serious
error in view of the unavoidable omis
sions on the other hand. A perfectly ac
curate enumeration la, of course, impos
sible.
By the combination of the methods *nd
devices here described a more perfect and
accurate enumeration of the population
was secured than in any previous census.
The amount of criticism in the press has
been surprisingly small and but few at
tempts have been made to secure a re
count of any city.
Statistics From Farms and Factories.
The agricultural and industrial census
present difficulties peculiar to each, quite
different from those encountered In the
listing of inhabitants. The number of
farms to be enumerated approximated
6.000,000, and of manufacturing establish
ments it was very nearly 650,000. Each of
these was reported on a eppclal schedule.
Few farmers keep books or accounts.
This is true of many small mechanics.
The larger .firms and corporations are
often most reluctant to disclose their
business, even to the Government. Much
tact and patience and some slight show
of authority are necessary in order to
secure the desired information, and part
of that secured is only an estimate, aCter
all. The manufacturing statistics were
chiefly collected by Bpecial agents,, the
schedules having been withdrawn In all
manufacturing centers from the enumer
ators. The number of special agents
was more than 2500, and the cost of field
work in this division of the census ex
ceeded $400,000. The number of agents and
cost of service in the agricultural division
was far less, because the farm statistics
were gathered by- the enumerators. .
Getting Figures on the Death Rate.
The Government attempts to secure a
statement of the number of deaths which
occbrred during the year prior to the cen
6us. Could it do so this would furnish one
of the elements needed In order to formu
late the law of grov/th of population. It
grows by births ami by immigration, but
diminishes through the operation of emi
gration and death. The aggregate change
noted from one decade to another is due
to the differences in the rates at which
these two groups of antagonistic influ
ences operate. The minor changes noted
are due. on the other hand, to removals
from place to placi within the. territory
of the United States.
Experience has shown that no accurate
return of deaths can be secured through
the enumerators. In the present census
additional information has been obtained
from the records In the offices of the Stale
and city boards of health, so that a more
probable estimate of the death rate In par
ticular localities in the country at large
can be deduced from such figures as are
available. The returns of the population
In cities by blocks will no doubt be of
much benefit by enabling city health offi
cers to locate with greater accuracy than
ever before the preclHe plague spots which
need watching and purification.
• Preparing for the Tabulations.
L*t us now suppose that all the census
data have been collected, and that the
material to be worked up Into statistical
tables" is in the vau'.ta and on the shelves
of the office at Washington. What hap
pens next? ' •
The first effect of the completion of the
field work is the pudden and enormous
growth of the office force. What a task
this involves in the way of quick organiza
tion and painful training of raw recruits
can scarcely be Imagined. There are no
camps of instruction for this army like
those established at Chlckamauga and
elsewhere In the early days of the Span
lsh war. '-*
The * fbrpe, including- both officers and
employes, grew from twenty in March,
1899 to 238 in December of that year, and
to 701 in April, 1900.: InJune, two months
later. It was 2251; in July, 8248. and It
reached Its maximum in October, when it
was 3476. Since then it has somewhat de
clined on account of the discharges of the
clerks -temporarily: .employed in card
punching.- It still numbers, however, bo-
By Dr. Fi"©ci©i*io35L H. "Wines.
ASSISTANT DIKKCTOIl OF THE CENSUS.
(COPYRIGHT, 1D01.)
twecn 2500 and 3000. The total cost of the
clprlcal service to date has been in round
numbers $2,000,000.
Hut what of the count to be made by
these clerks in a limited time, since the
act orders the publication Of the final vol
umes by July 1, 1902?
First, as to the population. The popula
tion nche'dules are arranged In alphabeti
cal order by States, and in numerical or
der by supervisors' and enumerators' dis
tricts and placed In an Immense fireproof
vault built for their special accommoda
tion. Before they can be used they re
quire more or less editing to supply pal
pable omissions, correct obvious errors,
and to see that the population of incor
porated towns and villages is clearly dif
ferentiated from that of purely rural dis
tricts.
Then begins the- -labor of transcribing
all this information upon punched cards.
There is a card for every man. woman
and child enumerated, and these cards if
placed In a. pile one on top of another
would reach to a distance of ten miles
above the earth. , The answers to the in
quiries contained In the population sched
ule are indicated by the respective posi
tions of the holes punched. One thou
sand clerks were employed in this par
ticular work, and were able after acqulr
ng facility to punch 1,000,000 cards, more
or less. In a day. The punching was com
pleted in practically four months. Each
card is so marked as to admit of lden
lncation and comparison with the orig
nal schedule from which the recorded
facts were taken.
Counting by Electricity.
The counting of the entries of each de
scription Is done by a most ingenious eloc
rlcal machine Invented by Mr. Hermann
Hollerith, himself an employe of the cen
sus office in 1SSO. The essential parts of
this machine are: (1) a pinbox, with fine
needle points set on delicate spiral
Bprlnga in such manner that all or any
number of them can be shoved back into
the box when brought down, by the aid
of a. hand lever, upon the upper surface of
a card; (2) as many sets of dials and auto
matic counters as are required for a sin
gle run of the cards; (3) the necessary
relays and electrical connections. Each
card Is -successively placed in position be
neath the pinbox, the lever is pulled by
the operator, the box is "brought down and
wherever there Is no hole the needle is
shoved back and there is no count; but
wherever, a hole Is directly over a hole
In the card and passes through It an elec
trical contact endues and the current,
passing over the proper wire or wires. Is
connected to the proper counter or count
ers and the pointers affected make a
sudden jump on the face of their respect
ive dials. The advantages of this meth
od are that it Is rapid; it is automatic
and involves no waste of brain energy
on the part of the operator; It is cer
tain; it allows of counting several sets
of replies to questions at one time, and,
above all, It admits of counting these re
pliea not singly but in combination. Thus,
for example, instead of counting separ
ately the number of males, that of whites
and that of persona over voting age, we
are enabled to count at one operation the
number of males who are also white and
also of voting age. "Without this machino
the tabulation of complex results would
be too difficult and too expensive to be
made at all. Tho Bcope of the Bdentiflc
work of the census la thus Immeasurably
enlarged.
T>etectiii|r Errors by Machinery.
The machine count is divided Into what
are known as "runs," of which five or six
are required in order to complete it. At
eacli run a different group of facts is
counted. The first of these is known as
the "verification run." Its primary aim
is to discover errprs In the punching, of
which nine-tenths can be detected by the
machine, which ceases to operate when
ever a- card Is placed under the pinbox
that is inconsistent with itself or contains
any one of certain inherent inconsistencies
which -the machine lc wired to throw out.
The rejected cards are compared with the
original schedules, and new ones made to
take their place. At this preliminary run
a count Is made of tlie native and foreign
population, the negroes and whites, and
the males and females. The data for tho
published census bulletins showing the
population of the several States and Ter
ritories by* minor civil divisions were thus
obtained. Each "run" consumes nearly
or quite three months. The number of
machines In operation Is 150. for the use
of which a heavy royalty is paid; but the
saving in the cost of clerical labor Is
great, as well as In time, and a higher
uegTee of accuracy In the result is in
sured.
The Hollerith machines are used in the
division of agriculture aleo, but there they
are of a different type. The record made
on the punched card3, of which there are
two sorts— farm and crop cards-^ls one al
most exclusively of figures, so that a dif
ferent punching device is required, and
the machine for counting out the result
is an electric adding machine of marvel
ous capacity, both in respect of the vol
ume of work accomplished and the rate
of speed at which it eats up the cards.
As soon as the count for any subdivision
of territory . is completed the result 13
copied from the dials upon "result slips."
which are handed to the clerks engaged
in tabulation, by whom the copy for the
printer is prepared.
Triumph of th« Twelfth Census. • .
From this brief account of the work of
the Census Office it will be seen that it Is
partly a scientific bureau, partly a manu
facturing establishment and partly a pub
lishing house. Its operations are upon a
scale so vast, and are in themselves of
such interest, that a number of repre
sentatives of foreign governments have
closely observed them, with a view to the
improvement of their own statistical
methods. The great success of the
twelfth census is another triumph of
American Inventive genius and practical
talent.
When tho four principal reports shall
have been given to the world In the form
of final volumes. Congress has authorized
the director tt> take up a list of specified
topics formerly included in the census,
but which can be Investigated without
the aid of enumerators, by correspond
ence and by special agents. These in
vestigations will be published In certain
supplemental reports. Instead . of dis
missing the entire force', as heretofore,
the best of them will be retained, and a
nucleus of experts will be on hand when
the time for taking the thirteenth census
arrives; so that more and better thought
will be given In advance to its or
ganization, and the heads of subordinate
branches of the work will not be, to so
large an extent, novices without experi
ence in their duties or special training
for them. This Is a consummation de
voutly to be wished, and public opinion
1 is rapidly crystallizing in favor of a per-
I manent Census Office
Wonderful Inventive Genius and Practical
Talent Displayed in Taking the
American Census.
Prepared by 'Experts and Specialists for
The San Fr'ancisco Call ¦
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
It is to be noted that the amount of the reduction is
far in excess of what was originally proposed. Sec
retary Gage recommended a reduction of $30,000,000
only. The increasing prosperity of the country, how
eevr, has been such as to make the revenues much
larger than was expected, so that the reduction of
$41,000,000 is not likely to hamper the Government in
any respect.
Express receipts— Repealed. Telephone messages—
Repealed. Miscellaneous bonds— Tax repealed, except
upon bonds of Indemnity. Certificates of . damage and
certificates not otherwise specified— Repealed. Charter
party— Repealed. Conveyance— Exempted below $2500;
abore $2500 £5 cents for each $500. in accordance with
Senate action. Telegraph messages — Tax repealed. In-
Eurance — Tax repealed on all kinds of insurance.
Leases— Tax repealed. Manifests— Tax repealed. Mort
gages—Tax repealed. Steamship passage tickets—Ex
empted below $r>0 in value, and the rate fixed at 50 cents
for eacb $50 in cost for that price and over. Power of
attorney— Tax repealed. Protest— Tax repealed. Ware
house receipts— Tax repealed. Proprietary' medicines—
Tax repealed. Perfumery and cosmetics— Tax repealed.
Chewing gum — Tax repealed. Legacies — Law modified
bo as to exclude from taxation legacies of charitable,
religious, literary or educational character.
• Cigarettes— On those weighing not more than three
pounds per 1000 the Senate action, fixing the. rato at 18
cents per pound prevailed.
Becr-Tlie House rate of $1 CO per barrel and repealing
the 7>i per cent discount was retained. Bankers' capi
tal— Present law retained. Commercial brokers' tax—
Kepealeil. Certificates, of stock transfers— The rate of 2
cents for each $100 is retained, and the Senate amend
ment making tlie law Include the transactions of bucket
shops were accepted by the House conferees. Sales of
products at exchanges— The Senate amendment exempt
ing gales of merchandise in actual course of transporta
tion was accepted, but the rate of 1 cent for each $100,
as fix<Ml by the present law, was retained. Bank checks —
Repealed In accordance with the House option. Certifi
cates of deposit— Tax repealed. Promissory notes— Tax
repealed. Money orders — Tax repealed. Bills of ex
change, foreign— The' rate fixed at 2 cents for each $100.
in accordance with tho Senate amendment. Bills of
lading for exports— Repealed.
Tobacco — Twcntv rer cent discount of the original tax
of 12 cents per pound, as against 25 per cent reduction,
as fixed by the Senate. The rate agreed upon will make
the tax $9 60 per one hundred pounds.
Cigars — On those weighing more than three pounds
per 1000 the House rate of $3 per 1000 was retained, as
apainst $3 60, as in the present law. On those weighing
less than three pounds per 1000 the Senate rate of 18
cents per pound was allowed to stand, as against the
rate of $1 per 1000, as fixed by the existing law.
The new bill is to go into -effect on and after July
1 — that is, at the beginning of the next fiscal year.
In his inaugural address President McKinley esti
mated it would reduce taxation by about $41,000,000,
or $1,000,000 more than was provided for in the orig
inal measure. A summary of the bill agreed upon by
the conference shows the following changes:
DESPITE the fears of the public that in the con
ference on the war tax reduction bill the Sen
ate would force the House. to accept the Sen
ate amendments, the result was a distinct triumph for
the House. The bill 25 adopted is much more like the
original bill as reported from the Committee on Ways
and Means than that sent down to the House by the
Senators. If in its present form the measure be not
wholly satisfactory, it is* certainly much better than
•what was threatened when the conference was ar
ranged.
WAR TAX REDUCTIONS.
the brightest unexpected star that has blazed out in the
heavens within the records of history. Such a stir
made its appearance in 1572 and grew to such bright
ness it was visible in full daylight. .Perhaps the visitor
now flaming in Perseus will give us a similar exhibi
tion and prove a recoid-breaker.
James W. Morrlssey, for many years
manager of the Madison Square Garden
and Garden Theater. New York, is here in
the Interest of La I^ole Fuller, who is to
appear In conjunction with "The High
wayman" at the Columbia next week.
Lewis T. Wright, manager of the Kes
wlck mine in Shasta County, is staying at
the Palace.
O. O. Webber cf 3anta Rosa is at tlie
Lick. • •
A. Hockhelmer of Willow3 la at th©
Lick.
F. H. Wheeler and wife of Stockton are
at the Grand.
J. E. Rathbun of Willows la a guest at
the California.
Ferd K. Rule of Los Anfceles is regis
tered at the Pa!ace.
Carl E. Lindsay, a lawyer cf Santa Cruz,
is at the California.
R. H. B. Collier of San Jose is regis
tered at the California.
L. Isaacs of Los Ansjeles is staying for
a few days at the Palace.
Thomas Fox. ex-postmaster of Sacra
mento, is staying at the Lick.
T. Hourlhan. a merchant of San Lul3
Obispo. is a ffuest at the Grand.
J. W. Formers, an oil man of Santa.
Cruz, is a guest at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, MARCH 9, 1901.'
• * '- , -¦. I
A , eentleman found his little daughter
crying bitterly because she had had a
tumble. "Never mind, Wynnle," he said,
"won't a chocolate . make it better?"
"No," said the child between her sobi,
"but two would do It."— Woman's Journal.
"Who married you?" asked the justice
of a colored citizen who had been brought
before him for some domestic trouble.
."You. did, sun," was the reply; "but I
ain't never voted fer you sence!"— Atlanta
Constitution.
Teacher— How many pounds to the long
°Precoclous Pupil— Twenty-two forty.
Teacher— And how many .to the short
Precocious Pupil— Depends on the coal
dealer.-Puck. .
"Ah." the beautiful girl cried as she
took the roll of manuscript that the hard
looklnp old. fellow with the. glasses had
handed back. "I don't believe you have
any poetry in your soul r
"No," he replied, looking at the waste
basket. "I suppose I haven't: but if you
need any of it in vour business you can
find a lot of it In there."— Chicago Times-
Herald,
6
AUCTION SALES.
Pv Arr,er<r»n MMtUm Co -Tu<>s=««iy. March 1!. at 10 o'clock.
Ttr-0 tent*, et^.. at £17 Market gtreet.
AMUSEMENTS.
Central—^T** E'.ack F!ae.' ¦
C«-ntral-Be!vf.t performance Thursday night, Zl.
Cai'.'orria— "Faust."
Orvh^un:— Vaudt-ville. .,
O-a-d Or*ra -house— "Around the Yl'orld In Elgr.ty Day*.
OranJ Opera-house— Pfmbrich Oj*era Company. March 18.
A'.rayar— • 'Count "?s Ouck!."
Co!umMa--"V-aza."
Alh&mbra— •Tr.der Pcak-d Orfl<>r?." comir.enc!nB Sunday.
T!vc!:-"T\'i«rf «f the Ni!«."
OtyicnU corner Mn^on and Eddy rtre«ts-8j>ecSaU!e».
ClttJtcs, Zoo «ca Theatcr-Va-uJeville every afternoon an«
Kii«:h«T'»— Vaudeviil*.
Mechanics' I'avillcn— Trained Animal Show.
Sh*r:nar.-Cia>- HaJI-Piar.o Recital. Tuesday afternoon.
Marrh 12.
California Jockry Club (Oakland)-naces.
Tanffiran PaHt— Baccs. '. Keith's. This Is our reception day. Come
and show your tppreciation. 80S Market. •
BOOKKEEPERS. STENOGRAPHERS AND
CLERKS.— A / few months spent .in studying
bookkeeping, ' shorthand, arithmetic and < pen
manship ' at • Heald's Business College Night
School wiir fit young: men and? women- to fill
lucrative' positions. •
mysterious origin started a run on the
First National . Bank here to-day, and
after about $50,000 had been paid out the
officers closed the doors and • announced
that the bank would reopen next Monday
and pay all depositors in full. •
Mysterious Rumor Causes a Sudden
Run on the -First National at
Niles, in Michigan. •
NILES, Mich., March 8.— A rumor of
DEPOSITORS DEMAND
MONEY FROM A BANK
Then followed the escape of the two men
¦who had stood guard. The wounded man,
forsaken by his comrades, ran madly
after them, followed by McLaughlin and
his brother-in-law. General Hardin
After running a block the. pursuers were
forced to halt, for the two who were then
in a bug-gy made a stand at Lincoln Park
boulevard and Ontario street and opened
a/ fusillade while waiting for their
wounded comrade to join them. When he
got into the buggy the three lashed their
horse and went south on Lincoln Park
boulevard. The robbers obtained no
booty. ¦•••-
The residence is in the fashionable dis
trict on the north side. With bullets from
two revolvers flying about "him,* young
McLaughlin stood. on the front porch of
his father's house and caught a burglar
who had entered the residence, as the
thief slid down the porch pillar. The
escaping burglar, whose two confederates
on guard were shooting at McLaughlin
drew his revolver and placing it to Me-
L.aughlln's abdomen pulled the trigger'
but the cartridge failed to explode.
McLaughlin struck the burglar a blow
that sent him to the ground, eight feet be
low. As he struck his man McLaughlin
grabbed the revolver from the burglar's
Hand and fired at him as he fell.
CHICAGO, March 8.— A highly sensa.
tiqnal attempt to rob the home ol Wil
liam McLaughlln, the millionaire coffee
merchant. &7 Rush street.'was. made to
night. Scores ¦ of. shots were fired, and
Frederick Mclaughlin, a son of the mer
chant, narrowly escaped dea'th.
Son of a Chicago Millionaire
Has a Narrow Escape
From Death.
BURGLARS MAKE
FIERCE BATTLE
IX)XDON, March S.— Mrs. Frances Or
mond French, in order to correct "impres
sions conveyed through such portions of
the English press as obtained their in
formation from various irresponsible
newspapers" regarding- the marriage ol
her daughter to Alfred Vanderbilt, has
sent out through a London press bureau
an itemized denial of certain erroneous
statements concerning the wedding cere
mony. • ' . -
She denies that the flowers cost about
£100, and says the wedding cake did not
cost £5000. and it "was entirely unadorned
even - with the usual sugar devices."
The bride's dress. Mrs. French asserts,
was not copied from CJueen Wllhelmlna's,
but was simple' and -"anything but ex
travagant." The bridegroom is described
as having been "equally modest in his ar
rangements."
Mrs. French points out that she has
read "with considerable distress" the mis
taken reports circulated by .the London
and provincial papers, and she asked
them to make corrections to correspond
with the facts. \,v ; " ".
Mothtr- in - Law of Alfred
Vanderbilt Corrects
Impressions.
SIMPLE AFFAIR,
THAT WEDDING
To-day's additions mak* General
French's total captures in the present ope
rations a? follows: Guns,, 76: rifles 784'
rounds of ammunition. 2tM,S70; horses 4071*
trek oxen. CT.20; cattle. 2S.220: sheep' 17$ -
Ito, and wagons and carts, 1457.
"Parsons found a small commando north
of Aberdeen and attacked them. Kritzln
ger's commando yesterday entered Pears
ton, but Gorringe turned them out and De
Lisle headed them off on the road to Som
erset East."
Adding to his last report. Lord Kitche
ner states 169 rifles, 24.970 rounds of am
munition. 133 horses. 1240 trek oxen 3?20
cattle. 13,5?0 sheep. 100 wagons and carts
and large quantities of forage have been
captured without casualties In Cape Col
ony. He further reports:
"Dewet's position Is variously reported,
as his men are scattering through the
Orange Colony. Our troops marching
north reached Petrusburg to-day.
"French reports further captures of a
14-pounder Creusot, with carriages com
plete, and one Hotchkiss. making a total
of seven guns. The total number of Boers
known to have been placed hors du com
"_ at ,, 9lnce tlle eastern operation began is
were fourteen men killed and twenty
wounded. The Boer gtnwal, Cellarlus
was killed. '
ficers, a majority of whom accepted the
terms.
"Dewet and Steyn remained irreconcil
able. They declined any terms, Dewet
adding that on his part the war had be
come one of revenge and he Intended to
do all the mischief he could. Jt is prob
able that the original armistice of a we^k
has bet-n extended. It is believed that the
remaindr-r of General Botha's .officers
have now been won around and that he Is
likely to make formal submission to Lord
Kitchener on March 11," when his force
will surrender to General French.
"According to our Information, Lord
Kitchener's dispositions made the speedy
capture of General Botha's forces quite
certain. General Bgtha frankly accepted
the situation, and was treated by Lord
Kitchener at both interviews with great
consideration.
"The negotiations between Lord Kitch
ener and General Botha are in abeyance."
says the Pretgrla correspondent of the
Times, wiring Wednesday, "pending -an
answer from the German Government."
Kitchener's Casualty Report.
Lord Kitchener, reporting under date of
March 7, says:
"The Boers failed in their determined at
tack upon Llchtenburg. Our losses, be
sides the two officers previously reported,
LONDON. March 9.— A special from
Lourenzo Marques says: General Kitchen
er has granted General Botha a . seven
days' armistice to enable him to confer
with the other generals.
A Bpecial dispatch from Pretoria says
General Kitchener and General Botha had
a lengthy 'conference on Gunhill Friday
morning. General Botha was alone and
General Kitchener was accompanied by
his secretary.
Work of Mrs. Botha.
The Dally Chronicle, referring to the
armistice at Pretoria, saye: "We learn
that the untiring agent in bringing about
the negotiations was Mrs. Botha, who
was deeply affected by the hopeless plight
of the Boers and did her utmost to in
duce her husband to accept the British
terms. The meeting of February 27 was
limited to General Botha's request to
know Lord Kitchener's terms. Lord
Kitchener replied that a general amnesty
would b<? granted to all who would sur
render as well as to all prisoners except
those Cape Dutch, who, being British
subjects, have actively fomented Boer
resistance. General Dewet and President
Steyn were, however, expressly excluded
from the amnesty.
"Lonl Kitchener further promised that,
if peace were concluded, the Government
would assist in rebuilding the farmhouses
and other buildings destroyed under mili
tary exigencies, would reinstate the law
ful owners and would help them stock
their farms. These guilty of acts of trea
son would be excluded from these bene
iits.
Dewet and Steyn Decline.
"General Botha appeared satisfied with
the conditions. The armistice being ar
rar.ged, he proceeded to consult his of-
Commander of Republican Forces Satisfied With Terjns, but
Cannot Induce Dewet and Steyn to Accept. '
KITCHENER GRANTS BOTHA SEVEN DAYS
ARMISTICE TO CONFER WITH BOER CHIEFS
First Mayor of Ogden, Now an Octo
genarian, Takes a Forty-Two-
Year-Old Bride.
OGDEN, Utah. March 8.— Lorin Farr,
an octogenarian of this city, was mar
ried last evening In Salt Lake City. His
bride la Clara Jane Bate. They obtained
a license of the County Clerk at Salt Lake
City and were married in the Mormon
Temple during the day.
The bridegroom is 82 years of age and
his bride is 42. He has baen prominent
in social, political and business circles
here. He was the first Mayor of Ogden
and for twenty years served in that
office. Later he served in the Legislature
of the Territory and as a member of
the constitutional convention. lie . has
been married five times before and has
thirty ) children and fifty-six grandchil
dren. Two of his polygamous wives are
now living.
Canadians Home From War.
HALIFAX. X. S., March 8.— The steam
er Numldian. with the Strathcona Ilorsa
on board, arrived In pert to-day from Liv
erpool. The steamer anchored in the
stream to pay off the men. The soldiers
will proceed to Ottaw.t at once.
AGED MORMON WEDS
FOR THE SIXTH TIME
EniTbassador Porter Satisfied.
WAEHLN ;TON". March S.-So far as the
Slate Department 5s informed. Embassa
dor Porter i* perfectly s&tistied with his
nest at Part? ar-.-l int<?r.f!s to remain there.
Mr. Tomet. our BmbOJtS&dor at St. Peters
burg, has never shown the least disposi
tion to rhans* his post, to Paris or
ary other iluropean capital.
For President of Chile.
SANTIAGO DH CHJXJB, March ?.— The
Liberal Convention in session to-day has
ramfd Jerman P.e5ico candidate for the
Presidency of Chile against Pedro Montt,
'Jr.df-pcndent.
Me has no rtver. LAUTHOLD,
UntGMAXX.
II-BKRG.
Eir.VK-ror 'William wired to-day to Prince
Beery of Prussia: •
"I look as if I had just come from
China."
factory Hit- Majesty slept well last night,
and wh«rn the bandage was changed his wound
f.r*f=pnted no inflammatory syraiitr.ms. There
i» eorr.e pwellir.g cf the right eyei.d and cheek.
Tinpcror William Waxes Facetious in
a Telegram Notwithstanding the
Injury to His Face.
EERLTN. March ?.— The following bul-
Iftin was issued this morning:
The Kaiser's condition yesterday vu satis-
XAISER LOOKS LIKE
CHINESE WAR VETERAN
Conciliate Labor Disputes Are
Being Warmly Favored.
PARIS, March 8.— The Senate to-day,
after several days of discussion, rejected
by a vote of ITS to 103 a bill introduced by
tbe agriculturists, the effect of which
would have b^en to create an export
bounty of 7 francs per Quintal upon wheat
and flcur.
The Chamber of Deputies discussed art
interpellation concerning the Monceau
rr.ir.ing strike. M. Millerand and M. Wal
flfck-Rousseau spoke, repudiating the in
sinuations that the Government had fos
tered strikes. Both Ministers declared,
on the contrary, that the Government fa
vored all efforts to conciliate labor dis
putes. The Chamber adopted a vote of
confidence in the Govtnuuect by a vote
of *jS to £34.
Ministers Declare That All Efforts to
TRENCH GOVZSN3IZNT
REPUDIATES STRIKES
Confirmed by Senate.
WASHINGTON. March S.— The Senate
in executive session to-day confirmed the
tFupplerr.^r.tal extradition treaty with
Great Pritaln. which has been pending for
some time. The treaty adds to the list of
crimes for which a man can be extra
dited from one country to the other the
following: Obtaining money under false
I releases, the destruction or obstruction
of railroad? and the endangering of hu
man life and the procuring of abortions.
The vote upon ratification was 40 to 16.
An offort wa*s made to secure action
upon the supplemental treaty extending
the time for the ratification of the French
reciprocity agreement, but it was frus
trated by a motion to return to legislative
Session, made by Senator Aldrich.
Supplemental Treaty "With Great
Britain Covering a Greater Field
ADDITIONS AEE MADE
TO EXTRADITION LISTS
Governor Hunn declared this afternoon
that he would not appoint a United States
Senator. . . >
As President Ellison walked out he was
hissed by the Addicks men, who cried,
"Old maid!" and "Traitor!" but he was
cheered to the echo from the other side
of the house.
Speaker McCommohs in about half an
hour had restored order and quietly ad
journed the House,
Representatives Shallcross and Healy,
Democrats, locked arms and led the Dem
ocratic side of the House around the
room singing, "Hail, Hail, the Gang'a All
Here." •
A crowd of Addicks sympathizers
swarmed around Representative Chandler,
one of the regular Republican leaders,
whp was cheering vigorously. "Shoot
him! Stick a knife in him!" they shout
ed, and Colonel Morrow, Major Mitchell
and several detectives crowded around
Chandler, who kept on cheering. A union
Republican Senator approached Chandler
and jumped on a chair, yelling, "Three
groans for the Republican traitors!"
Friends urged the men to desist.
Republicans Called Traitors.
same time, and altogether the scene was
one that has not been equaled her©
since the fight began In 1895.
"Addicks or Nobody."
Delaware has not had a full representa-
The ballot for the short term resulted:
Saulsbury, 23; Addicks 22; Richards, Reg
ular Republican, 7.
The two houses at 12:22 o'clock separat
ed by a vote of 30 to 32 and the Senatorial
ballot was at an enl with a double dead
lock as the result.
On the motion to separate the seven
regular Republicans who have steadfact
ly refused to vote for Addicks voted with
the twenty-three Democrats.
Forty-five ballots have been taken in
joint session since the balloting began on
January 16.
OVER, Del.. March 8.— The last
day of the present session of the
Legislature brought a large
crowd to Dover. Promptly at 12
o'clock the Senate entered the
House chamber, where the joint session
of the two houses was held. There was
intense excitement when the presiding of
ficer called for the ballot on United States
Senator. The vote lor the full term re
sulted as follows: Kenney. Democrat, 23;
Addicks, Union Republican, 16; Dupont,
Regular Republican. 7; Hlggins, Regular
Republican, 6; necessary to a choice, 27.
The crowds rushed about in an almost
frenzied manner, shouting out the names
of the seven Republicans who refused to
vote for Addicks— Senators Knox and El
lison and Representatives Clark, Chand
ler. Flynn. Hodgson and Pillling. The
other side cheered for Addicks at the
"Vote it down." was shouted from their
section of the chamber. Amid the gTeat
est confusion the roll was called and as
the Democrats and regular Republicans
were solidly together the motion was
carried. When President Ellison's gavel
fell and the announcement was made
that the Joint session was ended there
was a roar of excitement and wild
cheers from the Democrats and regulars
followed.
tion in the United States Senate since
the expiration of former Senator-An
thony Hlggins' term in 1S95. Higgins was
a candidate for re-.circtlon, but was op
posed by J. Edward Addicks, who had
recently moved to Delaware from Phila
delphia. Addicks neadlocked the Legis r
lature and made thj threat that the Sen
ator would be "Addicks or nobody." The
deadlock has existed ever since, and the
factional fight has been perhaps the bit
terest in the history of American politics.
The motion to separate, which was made
by Senator Knox, regular Republican of
Wilmington, was a complete surprise to
thfe union Republicans.
TWO CONSPICUOUS CANDIDATES IN THE RACE FOR THE DELAWARE SENATORSHIP. NEITHER OF WHOM
COULD MUSTER UP ENOUGH VOTES IN THE LEGISLATURE TO CAPTURE THE COVETED TOGA. THE
SESSION CLOSED IX TUMULT WITHOUT THE DEADLOCK BEING BROKEN.
WASHINGTON'. March P.— For several
¦reeks before the adjournment of Con
frr*>ss Sfragu**'? associate in the House
realized that it would probably be neces-
Baxj to commit him to some institution
vherc he could have proper care and
trr-atmerit. During the latter part of the
pesEjon he lost to a great decree control
over his motions and his speech.. He at
tended the sittings of the House with
rpgularity, however, and it was not until
the session of Sunday afternrv>n before
lnaug-uration day that his condition be
came generally noticeable. On that day
it was evident even to occupants of the
galleries that hi? speech was incoherent
and his movements on the floor uncertain.
When toid that Sprague was at Hop©
Cottare he Paid: "well. wll. I must pee
him soon. We will have some fine talks
¦whether — pocd talks of pood tlmoc in Con
grt-ss. Sprague is a fine man. I shall en-
Soy his company If we are only allowed
to be together."
Former Bepresentatlve Boutelle was
told of the arrival of his former Congres-
Flf rial associate at the asylum. Boutelle
<ii<3 not express any groat surprise, and
t-'mply* said: "•Charlie Sprague? Yes. I
Know him. Well, whore is h* stopping?"
In Washington Ejirague rented a man
sion that has been occupied and owned by
former Vice President l»vi P. Morton.
There %iragne jruve erver.il lavish ertter
tajninetus. He recently came into promi
nence on nrriura of an invitation which
he sent to a member of the Committee of
the District of Columbia, of which he
v.as a nicinVr. Another member of the
committee was Mr. White, a. negro. The
refusal of certain "thcr mcmluTs of the
committee to accept an Invitation to a
dinner at which this colored man was to
1>*> r>r*'sent caused a great deal of talk.
The affair was finally <lispose<i of by hav
lrjr the invitations withdrawn.
BOSTON. March S.-WIth his mental
farukles deranged and hope cf recovery
\>>ry fclight. Charles F. Sprague. former
Representative in Congress from the
Eleventh Massachusetts District, is an In
mate cf McLean Asylum, in which Con
gressman Bouieile i^ confined. Sprague's
urm in Con*?r*-ss oijiired last Monday.
Massachusetts Man Showed Signs of
Tailing Mentality Several "Weeks
Before the Inauguration of
the President.
Ex-R«prtsentative Sprague
Shares Misfortune of
Boutelle.
FROM CONGRESS
TO AN ASYLUM
"In my opinion such a statute is an in
vitation to the unscrupulous and design
ing to prostitute it to unworthy and'igno
ble purposes, and singles out the District
Judges as the special marks fAr. the char
acter assassin. Of late years It has be
come quite the thing for irresponsible par
ties, by innuendo if not by open charges,
to impugn the motives and attack the in
tegrity of those in political and official
life. -The avenues that lead to this should
be circumscribed rather than enlarged.
"In the main this has been cpnflnea to
representatives in the State Legislature
and the National Congress. Fortunately,
however, it has come to be recognized
that there is scarcely anything more
harmless than political malice, but when
avarice and greed, robed in the disguise
of injured innocence, open- up a new high
way by which they may enter the tem
ples for destruction of personal and of
ficial reputations it is time for public sen
timent to assert itself and uncompromis
ingly set its face against them."
In conclusion the Governor says: "If the
apprehension of danger be sufficient to
suggest the necessity of such a law as
Senate bill No. 87, lei the law be made
broad enough to meet every emergency In
every court and the constitution amended
to provide for a 'Supreme Court Commis
sion,' to sit only when required for the
purpose, instead of making the invidious
distinction now contemplated at the be
hests of those who insist biennially upon
parading their imaginary grievances be
fore the legislative Assembly.
"But I am frank to say that such action
as I. have suggested Is as unnecessary and
Inexpedient as the bill under considera
tion. A measure which. In my opinion, is
demanded by no public interests Is the
outgrowth of a sordid sentiment emanat
ing from litigants suffering or apprehend
ing no real Injury, but manifestly an ef
fort in disguise to obtain some undue ad
vantage over in adversary in a lawsuit
by placing impediments in the way of
speedy, trials and otherwise defeating the
ends of Justice."
HELENA. Mont.. March S.— Governor
Joseph K. Toole to-day .vetoed the meas
ure commonly known as the "change of
venue bill." It provides that when "Judi
cial prejudice" could be. shown on the
part of the presiding Judge— such preju
dice to be shown by oral testimony — a
change of .venue could be demanded, and
if refused by the Judge himself appeal
could be taken to the Supreme Court, and
that body could grant such charge of
venue. ' .
The Amalgamated Copper Company and
others were oommonly recognized as the
men urging the bill. T.'ie Helnze interests
were opposing It. Its purpose, according
to the general understanding, was to en
able the Amalgamated Copper Company
to get a change of venue Irom Silver Bow
County, where It has an Innumerable num-^
ber of lawsuits with the Heinze people
on the dockets.
In the course of his reason for vetoing
the bill Governor Toole says:
Sharp "Words Written in Reference
to the Action of Some of
the Legislators at
Helena.
Montana's Executive Vetoes
the Measure for Change
. of Venue.
BILLS ANGER
THE GOVERNOR
-. . ¦ • ' ¦ . -«'¦¦" . ~ n ' : : * ', - ¦-•*"¦," .,-<¦'¦ •¦.".• - • ¦ -• .¦ ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL., SATURDAY, MARCH 9, 1901.
Boast That the Man to Be Chosen Must Be "Addicks or
Nobody" Is Fulfilled and the Legislature Closes Amid
Turbulenjt Scenes and Threats to Slay Legislators
DELAWARE DEADLOCK PREVAILS
AND NO SENATOR IS CHOSEN
7
AMUSEMENTS.
BEtASCO a"° THALCSjttftt
— Phone South «3—
MATINEE TO-DAT and TO-MORROW
•' (Sunday).
TO-NIGHT and SUNDAY Evenlns^-L*st Per-
formances— 'TH B
BLACK FLAG
The Greatest Convict Play Ever Written.
A Big Scenic Production.
Startling Mechanical Effects.
PDffCC I Evenings lOc. lJSc. .15c. SOc
rnltW | Matinees lOc. ISc. 25c
NEXT MONDAT— The Patriotic Drama,
••CAPTAIN IMPUDENCE."
A Picturesque Romance of the Days of 1S4S,
During the Invasion of Mexico by Our Troops.
BELASCO & THALL'S
CENTRALJBEATER.
THURSDAY NIGHT, March 21,191)1
FOR DEPENDENT MOTHERS. \TrDOWS
AND ORPHANS OP ENGINEERS WHO
LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE DISAS-
TROUS WRECK OF THE
S.S. RIO DEJANIERO
Given Under the Auspices of the
MARINE ENGINEERS' BENEFICIAL ASSO-
CIATION No. 3S.
Tickets- - One Dollar.
CSRAND OPERA HOUSE
MATINEES TO-DA T AND TO-MORROW.
TILL FURTHER NOTICE,
Magnificent Revival of the Famcus Spectacl".
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS.
Ictroduclnir the ELEPHANT PRINCESS.
Fplendld Cast, Scenery and Effects.
PRICKS 10c. 15c Sft We
Few Front Rows In Orchestra, 73c.
COOD RESERVED SEAT
IN ORCHESTRA AT ALL MATINEE3. »<?.
_ Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
SEMBRICH.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN SAN FTIANCISOO.
SEMBRICH OPERA COMPANY,
Direction of C. U GRAFF.
MOROSOO'P GRAND OPKRA-KOTTSE.
COMMENCING MAP.CH 1STH.
Two we»k«. with performances on Monday
and Wednesday evenings and Saturday after-
noens. .
Repertoire— "Par^T of PevllTe." "T!!srr»t?o."
"Don P*sauaIiV "La Travlata." "Parllaccl."
"FaiiKt." "Lucia." etc.
Pubucriotim i«»at3. six performances, r.i rep*.
tltlons — Orchestra and two front roirs of Dr»*<
Circle. J!S: "balance of Dre*i« Circle an* back
rows of Orchestra. $15: front rows of Family
rir<-le. JK-: slnile-nUht F»at«. *S. S3, »2. %\ ZJ;
Gallery, unrpsen-ed. 11. Season sale closes to-
morrow at box office : n'nelr-night sale beglntt
¦Wednesday next. APDlkutlons for boxes should
he made at once to Mr. Alfred Bouvi»r. Grand
Opera-bouse.
EVENINGS AT S. MATTNEE SATURDAY
AT 2.
"I AM A WIZ." THAT? WHAT TTTK
FOLKS PAT WHO CROWD THE HOUSE.
WIZARD
the /¥#^&w /
Coining— "THETeDDING." DAY."
PQFULAR PRICES Ec and 50a
Telephone— Rush •-
B^*aL &J S? *T £¦/ ?* -^ r
MATINEE TO-DATTJIND SUNDAY.
LAST -:- TWO -:- NIGHTS,
Augustln Daly's Comedy.
Countess Gucki
A PLAT OF SCE>nC AND COSTUME
SPLSNDOP.. I ¦
NEXT WEEK
"THE LAST WORD."
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1800-WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Ilactng Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday. Thurt-
car. Friday and Saturday. Rain Or anise.
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:1S p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boat* leave Szn Francisco at 12 ra. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2. 2:30 and 1 p. m.. connecting
with trains stoppice at the entrance to th«
track. ,La«t two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts: no smoklnc. Bay ycur
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland molt conneot with San Pablo av?nu*
electric cars at Seventh* and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and - Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
Co dtract to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leav* the track at 4:13 and
4:4S p. m. and Immediately after the last rac*.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B.' MILROT. Secretary. .-
SHGRMAN. CLAV& CO/S HALL.
TUESDAY AND SATURDAY AFTERNOONS
March 15 and 1«. at 1:15.
AND .TBL'RSDAT NIGHT. MARCH 1*. ,
TERESA Clip,
Ths World i Ore»t Jit W0XA5 PIAKIST.
- Reserved Seats J2.00, $1 JO and $1.00. Now on
sale at Sherman. Clas & C&'a,
Ofli IIUDIil SA.1 FHASKSCO'S
UULUHIOIM LEADWQ THEATRE
MATINEE TO-DAT!
TO-N'IGHT-UAST TlilBI
Oal/ Api#araLcea Her* ot
MRa "|
LESLIE GARTER
After Her London TrluasBh
A« Zf\ZJ\ m
DAVID BELASCO'S PLAT.
SEATS NOW ON SALE
First Presentation la This City of
DE KOVBN and SMITH'S
Most Successful Romantic Comic Op«ra. ¦
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
Tor^ther "With the "World's Greatest Dancer.
LA LOIE FULLER,
Flrit Performance Tak»s Place
NEXT MONDAT XIGHT.
MATHfEE TO-DAT. Satartlay. March 9.
Parquet. 23c. ar.y seat: Balcony. 10c; Chil-
dren, 10c. any part except reserved.
A BILL OF ATTRACTIVE NOVELTIES.
papTnta.
WILSON AND"WARIXO. THE ORISKAXTS.
KATHERINT: BLOnDC.OOD. JOHN LO
HAY. BARD BUOTHERS. DUMOXD'3
MIXSTIIELS. THE DIOGRAPH.
LAST WEEK OP
ROBERT BILLIARD AND CO.
LAST TIMES
MATIN'EE TO-DAT. TO-NIGHT.
LEWIS MORRISON'S Production of
"FAUST."
Company and Production Direct from New York.
TO-MORROW (Sunday) EVENING, first
time in this ctty. Ot* bi<. popular New Torlc
C«s!no success— 40 people — 4#.
"1HE TELEPHONE GIRL."
EVE-Kc. Kc. Me. 75e. »L Mat-23c. 50c. 73c.
SEATS NOW READY.
PHONE SOUTH 770.
2uh tIn * To'MorroT? (Sond-ij) Haiines
ONR WEEK
The JOSEPH MI'M-ER rojlPANT Preasnt
THE ROMANTIC COMET'T DRAMA
UNDER Flr8t T fe. j1 Th!9
"RTfT company.
ORDERS PRODUCTION.
By JA5». W. TTARKIX3.
A Powerful and Ir.atructive Story of Lev*.
My«terv an.l A«lventtire.
Pramatis*'! from Rodbrard Kiplins's Novel.
PRICE? : l"e. 2Z>; %Z?, rwv.
Xext— The Qr»at Eastern Sen?atsaa. 'TII3
ANGEL OF THK ALLKT."
ZOO
JUVENILE PERFORMERS'
MATINEE
THIS AFTERNOON.
SrEClAL TO-NIGHT!
Genuine Pictures o? the
GANS-McGOVERN FIG!iT,
-AND A—
Big Cakewalk !
Tetepr.one for Seat*— Par* S3.
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
...TO-DA Y...
AND EVERY DAY THIS WEEK.
Performances at 2:30 and S p. tn. Dally.
NORR1S Zf ROWE'S
BIG TRAINED .ANIMAL SHOWS.
"The more I *e» of dog the less I think of
man " — Dr. Johnson.
SOO-PEftFOItMING ANIMALS— SO.
Tfce Greatest Aggregation of Educated Ar.ln-.aU
. In the World.
El«p*ant!i. Z^rasi. Ooat*. S»a Llon<«. Ponies.
Mocker*. T>oz9. Ant 'Eaten and Z»bu».
First Ttm» in Thl« City of Mr. Winston and
His Wonderful School of EDUCATED SEALS,
the Mo»t Marvelous AnJrhal Act In the World.
HKRR SETTLER, the Famous German Anlsiai
Trainer, ahd His Small Clown Klephar.t.
Seat f tie opens at Pavilion Tfv-dav at 10 a. m,
PRICES-ADT'LT?. E>c: CHILDREN. 10c.
Phone South 720.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORA.V PARK.
Contlancoa Ractax. E»«rlnnln« Monday. S>brr>
. ary 11. 1901.
EIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stak* Bvtnts. Thr»» Hurt:* Baeaa and Sts
Btccplechasea.
FIRST RACE OT THE DAT AT 1:10 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend «tre*ts for
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:40. 11:» a. ra.. 12:40. t.
1:30 and S p. m. Trains lea»e Tanforan Park
•or Ban Frandseo at 4:15 p. ra.. followed after
the :a.«t race at Intfrrats of a few minutes by
**v»ral specials. Peats tn rear cars reserved for
ladies and their escorts. Admission to cour>%
Including railroad fare, SI S.
MILTON 8. LATHAU. S<^re*ary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racier Secretary.
FTSCrTFR'c; concert house.
Flechtl's Tyrolean Troupe. Egrry. Blrdl*
Brlshtllr-s. McForley and Whitney, the Leon*.
L. A. Cover and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra. Reserved
Beats, tie. Matlnea Sunday.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A. GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
Th« most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for fhe 9«zual Organ*, for bot& uixem.
Toe Mexican Kemedy for Diseases of the Kkt*
rtys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS * BRUXE. Ajents.
£3 Market it. S. F.— (Send for Circular o ,
• ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Hogs or
Cottonfields.
The leading by-prcduct of the
hog is lard, which accumulates
directly in. proportion to tfce
amount of over-feed ng done.
The hading by-prcduct of the
cottonfidd is the cottonseed. In
this nature has st:red up focd to
nourish the youngs plant until it
can feed i s:lf, It is pure, coz.cen-
trated, vigorous strength.
White
Cottolene
h made from this oil. Being a
pure, vegetable product, it is whole-
some and nDurisaingv and as. we
have perfected the procrss of manu-
facture until it is absolutely odor-
less, flavorless and neutral,- fcod
prepared with it is more delicate,
more appetizing and more health-
ful than when any other shorten-
ing and frying agent is used. Why
don't you try "WHITE COTTO-
>t fr-' "'i^^^t e N.K.Falrbank Company,
*C_II^Rt Chicago— Sole Miinuracturcrs.
TiVAWA'-nSl FDFF! Ou r dainty booklet.
<3|££»f|U>k TflLL- - A labile Secret."
*V^sf7QJS^f nailed free to any artdrea*.
'¦iStioS&JBiW For lW0 Jc stamps we will
' * SNuSEBH'' (end free our U'i-paga t«»clp»
'iipjQKW book. "Home Helps," edi:ea
b y Mr9 . Rorer. , i
P. SJ—No Hog Fat In COTTOLENB
DA I A PC .These hotels po»-
rALAUL s ' ss the a«ributc3
I .-'. that . tourists and
Onfl , travelers appreciate
"IIU Ij. -central location,
(I R A M PI liberal ; manags-
UllnllU * ment, modern ap-
IJATPI O pointments and
fl.UJ.hUi M^I^.SS
Sail FfanClSCO. ropean plans.:
ADVEETISEMENTS.' V*
ABSOLUTE SECURITY.
Genuine GARTER'S LITTLE LIVER PILLS must
. bear signature of /^w^^5
Very small and as easy
to take as sojar.
In a n-rrn>l F0R HEADACHE. qcp
btL CARTERS FOR DIIZIHESS. btt
/Nr.m,,t..,^ BHlTTLr FOR BILIOUSNESS. ,*«.,. ....^
GENUINE f W R for torpid liver. GENUINE
H PILLS F0R CONSTIPATION.
WRAPPPR H m FOR SALLOW SKIN. WRAPPFR
"PRHTTED O3ST IREED PAPER."
TV- ||M||||| mJ^^^^^^JJ¦^-tf^llDO^^PM3--- M^Ji-¦ *
Gives health '/[JE'STX
an4 happiness /f*fri>FAI i
to all members I
of the family. \COTTEL^
The little folks cannot
safely drink coffee and tea, but they thrive on.
J^** m * 1 **^ Figprune— the delicious,
f^&? yfl invigorating beverage,
'M %3 jT/o \ made of figs, prunes and \\
yf F l*\Ilt . j well ripened grain,
1 if\ / § Boil from 5 to 10 minutes only
\ *j* * ° M ALL GROCERS SELL
Flgprone Cereal.THE "WELL-KNOWN ACTOR AND
ACTRESS WHO ARE SOON TO
MARRY.
•' A BANKRUPT LABORER.— Melville C. Lon
don, laborer. Sacramento, filed a petition In
insolvency yesterday in the United States Dis
trict Court. He owes $M3 95 ' and has no as
sets. - . ,.:.-.-,-... - .-,.-;
At the Instance of the friends of the
late Captain William Ward of the Ill-fated
steamship Rio de Janeiro, a memorial ser
vice will be held at Trinity Church; cor
ner, of Gough and Bush streets. to-nscr?ow
afternoon at 3 o'tlcck.
\ln Memory of Captain Ward.
I? the United States : and . England should
form ar aUlancs, the combined strength would
be so ereat that there would l be little chance
for enemies, to overcome us. -.'In a like manner
when .* men > and ' women ; keep . up 1 theirs bodily
strength with :, Hostettec's -.-, Stomach? Bitters,
there Is little chance of attacks from disease.
The old time remedy, enriches the .blood, stead
ies the nerves, and Increases the appetite. Try
.It for. dyepepsla and Indigestion.-
Proposed Alliance With England.
Wilbur A. Reaser has been secured as
the next speaker for the Channing Aux
iliary art lectures. He will deliver a
courpe of six lectures. In the parlors of
the First Unitarian Church, on the cor
ner of Geary and Franklin streets. The
subjects of his discourses and the dates
are as follows: "Art and Socialism."
March 14; '.'Some Everyday Forms of Art
ar.d How They Are Produced." March 21:
"Hopes and Fears for American Art/'
March 2S; "The Artistic Development of
the Child," April 4: "What Is Art." April
11; "The Creative Instinct and the Prob
lem of Its Preservation,^ April 18.
Eeaser to Lecture.
IilNCOI/N HTJTCHINSON
SPEAKS ON COMMERCE
Advises Merchants as to the Best
Methods of Packing for For
eign Shipment.
The last of the series of lectures under
the direction of the University of Califor
nia upon the growth of the American for
eign trade was delivered last night at the
Y. M. C. A. Building by Lincoln Hutchin
son. The subject of his lecturn «•«.«.
"Trade and the Flag." It cWttined many
amusing Incidents and was chiefly devoted
to indicating how the American trade
amonp the foreign nations could be ad
foUowt: Hutchinson spoke in part as
Trade docs not essentially follow the flat
,but depends upon the policy adopted bvth«
Government. \ This fact is amply illustrated
by «ie commercial experiences of Franco
Inland .nd Germany. Individual mer
chants can accomplish more for the promo
tion and retention of trade than can the Gov
ernment. Our merchants should study tho
peculiar local . conditions surrounding the r
customers and endeavor to supply eooda twit
«K. Vt 01 " 1 '"" ""'• *-" th « °w
.Special attention should be paid to the pack
ing of goods. for shipment, as the mm? of
transportation In many, of the , Oriental coun
tries Is primitive and unless goods are packed
Alcatraz Island Is to have a new com
manding officer. Orders were issued yes
terday assigning Lieutenant Colonel S. H.
Lincoln to that post.
Lieutenants Wiley Mangum, Charles
Burnett and Arthur J. Lynch, recently
graduated from AVest Point, have been
assigned to duty with the Fifteenth Cav
alry, now being organized at the Presidio.
Major R. T. Yeatman, who was in com
mand of the detachment of i*ough recruits
sent here from New York, has been given
command of the First Battalion of the
Twenty-eighth Infantry.
The Second Battalion of the Tenth In
fantry arrived at the Presidio late last
night. Colonel Duggan. who ¦ is In com
mand, reports 547 men In the battalion.
Two hundred and thirteen volunteers
were given their discharge yesterday
from the Presidio.
The men who caused the row have be
fore them the prospect of spending from
one to five years at Alcatraz, as their of
fense is a serious one. • • .
Not satisfied with refusing to obey or
ders, the three men called the officer of
the day all sorts of names. During the
scuffle the rest of the battalion stood
around, seemingly amused at the display
of drunken courage, but they were dis
persed by the threat of a few hours' ex
tra drill. ...
The row started over the refusal of the
three culprits to obey Lieutenant Hal
stead, officer of the day, who ordered the
men arrested. When the guard attempt
ed to obey the command of the officer It
met with a determined resistance, and' it
was only after the employment of con
siderable force that the soldiers were
placed In confinement.
The officers commanding the Twenty
eighth Infantry were kept busy yester
day tfternoon subduing a lot of recruits
who had partaken a little too freely of the
various brands of fire-water sold in the
neighborhood of the Presidio. Had it not
been for the strict enforcement of mili
tary discipline a wholesale riot might
have occurred, but the disturbance was
stopped before the mutinous feeling be
came general. Three men were hand
cuffed and Ironed before the disturbance
was quelled, however, and they will have
to answer to the serious charges of
drunkenness, disobedience of orders and
resisting an officer.
Military Discipline Prevails and In
cipient Riot Is Quelled Before
Disturbance Becomes
General.
Liquor-Crazed Soldiers Are
Placed in Irons for Caus
ing Row.
Recently some of the soldiers stationed
at the Presidio have been spending the
money they received as wages in saloons
and when Intoxicated have had little re
gard for law and order. For the past
three nights extra details of patrolmen
were required on Kearny and Pacific
streets, and many tlm^s riots have oc
curred, in which the officers were obliged
to use their clubs freely.
Yesterday morning shortly after 2
o clock a mob of drunken soldiers entered
the saloon of' which Rehfeld Is proprietor
They demanded free drinks, and upon be
ing refused became ugly. The bartender
argued with them, but they would not be
come pacified. They attacked Xolan
dragged him Into the streot and proceeded
to wreck the place. When the contents
pf # the saloon lay a heap of debris they
& f £i. the pl v ce and vlsl ted the house of Al
White, where they again livened up
? JvS' The Police put In an appearnce
at this stage of the game and the dis
turbers were driven home. Further trou
ble is expected. •
"Roujirh house" was also the order of
things in Al White's saloon, in the same
neighborhood, and last night a large
squad of police was detailed to the scene
to preserve order.
The thandellers were torn from the cell-
Ine. chairs and furniture broken and the
bartender. Mike Nolan, dragged into the
street and beaten.
The saloon of A. I,. Rehfeld. at the cor
ner of Greenwich and Lyon streets, that
•was burned by soldiers about a year ago,
was again raided early yesterday raorn
inR and 'much damage done.
' -.:-¦.¦-<.¦
Recent Arrivals at the Presidio Cause
Much Trouble and Extra Squads
of Police Patrol Thor- .
oughfares.
Saloon Once Burned by
the Fighters Is Badly
Wrecked.
WOtTLD SELL HIS WATER,
RIGHTS ON LAKE TAHOE
Von Schmidt Offers to Transfer Them
/:/;-;. to This City for
i J55O,O0O.
The Lake Tahoe and San .Francisco
"Water "Works, by its president. A. W.
von Schmidt, and Holland Smith, secre
tary, filed an amended offer, with the
Board of Supervisors yesterday to sell to
the city for $50,000 all the water rights,
including dams, on Lake Tahoe and the
Truckee River,^together with adjoining
lands. THe dam at the outlet of the lake
will, raise the. water one foot above hish
water mark, and It will then give 832.000.000
gallons per day without interfering with
the ordinary flow of the Truckee. The
capacity of the canal to Auburn or Dutch
Ravine reservoir will be 100,000,000 gallons
per- day for San Francisco's supply alone,
but. may be increased to 500.000 ,C00 gallons.
The offer must be accepted or rejected
within ninety days, after which it. will be
of no effect. ¦. j v r r'. ?.-!;,¦;
Kisen-De Reynier Wedding.
The marriage of Miss Mariquita Elsen
and J. de Reynier will be celebrated at
the residence of A.' Vignier, 916 Greenwich
street, this evening." The young lady is
the daughter of the late Francis T. Eisen.
a prominent vlneyaMist. She is attractive
and possesses a sweet voice. Miss Eisen
Is also a devotee of tennis and has earned
quite a reputation -as a wielderof the
racquet. : Since 4 her. father's demise Mis?
Elsen : has assumed charge : of his vast
estate. ; Mr. . de Reynier is Interested In
lumber and stands high in the commercial
world of this city.' :The young people will
spend'a brief honeymoon in Southern Cal
ifornia. '¦"-"' \ ' -'
TRUCULENT "ROOKIES"
ARE ON THE RAMPAGE
HUGO TOLAND Is about to turn
benedict. illsS Gertrude Tidball
is the lady who has lured *lm
from bachelordom and who
' early In June will make him the
happiest of men. Toland kept his engage
ment to Miss Tidbail a dead secret. He
told none of his professional friends or
associates of his happiness. Only a few
Intimate friends of the lady were told
that the wedding bells were soon- to ring
out— and of course there was the "little
bird" who hears all and tells all.
When Toland was seen last evening at
the Columbia Theater he confessed that
he had placed a solitaire on Miss Tidball' s
third finger, left hand, but begged that
the announcement of the tender fact be
withheld until he had left town.
. "I have: so many friends." pleaded To
land. "Then to-morrow is a matinee, and
what with drinking congratulations and
playing— oh. I don't know what will be
come of me."
Hugo Toland Is one of the most popular
men connected with the stage and Is
equally well liked in exclusive social cir
cles. He is a San Francisco boy, son of
the late Dr. Toland. one of the most prom
inent of the pioneer physicians and foun
der of the Toland Medical College. Be
fore adopting the stage Toland gave much
of his time to society, and when he quitted
the ballroom for the footlights many a
belle was Inconsolable.
Miss Tidball Is the daughter of Mrs.
Keeling of Berkeley and is socially and
professionally well known in this city
She graduated from Mills College about
four years ago ano shortly after made
her professional dol-ut at the Alcazar
Theater. For the pact three seasons Miss
Tidball has been playing with Eastern
companies and is new with Nat Goodwin
and Maxine Elliott.
"I did not,", replied Carpenter. "When
I reached the upper deck I met Captain
Ward. I asked him if we were in a se
rious position. He replied that he thought
that we were in a dangerous place, and
asked me to co below and awaken the
other passengers.- 'When I went below the
steward was rapping on the doors of the
rooms and calling out. "First call for
breakfast.' I^presume that he wanted to
get the passengers out of their berths
without causing any unnecessary excite
ment. I felt so secure in the safety of the
vessel that I proceeded to my cabin and
completed my toilet. When I again
reached the upper deck there did not seem
to be any danger. ' The whistles were
blowing. The officers were lowering the
boats. Everything was conducted In an
orderly manner. 1 met Mrs. Wildman on
the deck. She was insisting upon the
nurse going below to get the baby's shoes.
The nurse refused to go. I would have
gone after the shoes had it not been that
at that time I noticed the steamship was
commencing to list. It was then that I
first feared for the safety of the vessel.
The boats were being lowered on the star
board side. There was a sudden lurch and
the vessel pitched over. I think that ev
erything possible was done by the officers
to save the crew and passengers."
"How *o you account for the loss of so
many of the passengers?" asked Inspector
Bolles. I
"I believe that many of those who were
In the boats were killed by the wreckage
when the steamship turned over and went
down," answered the' witness. "They had
not (?ot away a sufficient distance from
the Rio before she turned over and Bank.
There is no doubt in my mind that many
of the passengers ' were in their rooms
when the vessel sank."
"Did you believe that there was any im
mediate danger?" asked Inspector- Bolles.
"I was up when the Rio de Janeiro
struck," he said. "I hurried on deck. The
fog was thick, but you could- see about
thirty-five or fortv yards ahead. I /was
surprised <to see the fog. for if was per
fectly clear when we left the anchorage.
My first Impression was that we had run
ashore on the . beach below the Cliff
House."
The Investigation conducted by the
United States Inspectors of Hulls and
Boilers intq- the Bio de Janeiro disaster
was concluded yesterday, but it will be
fully two weeks before Inspectors Bolles
and Bulger make public their report.. The
only witness examined yesterday was J.
K. Carpenter, who was a passenger on
the Ill-fated steamship. His testimony did
not throw any new light on the disaster.
Carpenter, who has traveled extensively,
said that he never met a better set of of
ficers than were in charge of the steam
ship.
Passenger Carpenter of the Rio Tells
His Story to the Inspectors.
SAYS CREW ACTED WELL.
"Because." replied Mr. Coghlan, "after
the ship struck she listed a little to port
and then listed an angle of 25 or 30 de
grees to starboard and in order to get at
the boats divers would have been neces
sary to work under water. The passen
gers didn't seem to realize their danger
and we were obliged to put some of them
into the boats forcibly."
An adjournment was then had until 9
a. m. to-day.
"Then, Mr. Coghlan," asked Major
Blakeney, "since ten minutes elapsed
from the time the ship struck until she
went down, how was it that the boats
and rafts were not lowered and the lives
of the passengers and crew were not
saved?" V
Second Officer Graham Coghlan was re
called at 1 p. m., and said that the Rio
carried a patent sounding machine, but
that it was not used in coming into the
harbor on the occasion of the shipwreck,
although it had been used frequently on
other occasions. He repeated his former
testimony that after he left the bridge
the whistles were tied down so that they
emitted continuous blasts. The rafts and
boats, he added, were sufficient to take all
the passengers and the crew. Ordinarily,
as In the case of a man overboard. It did
not require more than two and a half min
utes to lower a boat.
Mr. McAllister then retired, and Cap
tain Varney and Captain Hodgson. of the
life-saving stations, were- called to prove
that the watchmen in their charge had
punched. the time dials every half hour
from 4 o'clock until 8 on tne morning of
the shipwreck. The object of this testi
mony was- to show that the life-saving
people .were awake at those times, but
the witnesses were not asked how it was
that the distress Blgnals of the sinking
steamer and the cries of her passengera
were either unheard or unheed<»d by their
watchmen.
Privates H. C. Taylor. S. O. Brldgens
and F. M. George of the United States
army, who were on sentry duty at Fort
Point at the time of the wreck, said in
answer tt> a question b>\ Ward McAllister,
counsel for the Pacific Mall Steamship
Company, that simultaneously with the
sound of the long and lotld blasts from
the steam, whistle of the Rio they heard
the shouts of the male passengers and
the screams of the women and children
coming out of. the fog pear the Golden
Gate. Sergeant SanfoiM testified that
there seemed to be a large crowd of peo
ple shouting and yelling down in the
water. :?;-' : -'
Major Thomas J. Blakeney resumed his
Investigation yesterday morning Into the
charges of inefficiency and negligence
against- the life-saving service in San
Francisco.
United States Inspectors Bolles and
Bulger Finish Their Inquiry
Into Wreck of the Eio
de Janeiro. ' 7 :
Soldier Witnesses Testify
at the Investigation of
Life Savers.
VICTIM'S CRIES
CLEARLY HEARD
Unfortunately Williams has not the
funds to visit New York at once, or had
not yesterday, by his own statement. The
lluiiigans sent him $125, he admits, but.
he pays, bein? overcome with grief at the
oeath ct Ms wife, which happened recent
lv. h? spent the mone;.- in the saloons of
S^an Francisco. Since then, however, he
has received a di?patch from Mulligan
telling him to come on as far as his
money will bring him and then telegraph
for more. Williams said he would start
East in a day or two.
There are contradictions of a radical
port between the statements Williams
makes ard those made by persons who
figure in his recent history. He says the
Personal estate of the late Mrs. Williams
amounts or.ly to jywO, whereas Mr. Mul
ligan, acc-.rdim? to the press reports from
New York, mak^s it $20,000. He Insists
that he came here under duress, and Al
bert Gre<n. son of the executrix of the
Williams estate, says he was persuaded
to come because the friends of Mrs. Wil
liams were afraid hip acts in New York,
he having be<;n drinking heavily, would
shorten her life If he remained in the me
tropolis. Green also alleges that Williams
insisted that ihe will that is now claimed
to be forced should be drawn before he
would i<»?.ve New York, and that h<» came
to th»- coast willingly enough when that
na.5 done. The wll! shows that Williams
5f to receive $13 per we^k from the rer
»on:i! estate of his >vife until the principal
is exhausted, and that he is also to get
half of the reoi estate.
TTilliam H. 'Willlanis of New York, now
ecjourrJne: In San Francisco, has blood In
his eye. He Is threatening- to return to
New York to bare Mrs. Lena Green, the
executrix of the estate of his late wife,
arrested. He does not make clear the
charge that he will bring, but he has two
alleged grievances. One is that the prop
erty of the late Mrs. Williams is being
¦withheld from him through the terms of a
forged will, and the other Is that he was
brought to San Francisco while under the
influence of liquor, without his knowledge
cr consent. Ha does not aJlegre that Mrs.-
Green forged the will, but says she caused
his deportation to this city and Is bene
f.rir.e by the will.
He el?o affirms that his cousins, Mr.
ar.d Mrs. Mulligan of 727 Fremont avenue.
New York, ara winners under the will.
They have charge of the real estate which
his wif<» left, amounting to about $40,000.
so he claims. Yesterday Williams exhib
ited a copy of the alleged ¦will. It was
witnessed by Mrs. Frederick Johnson and
Charlie Herrmann, both of £25 St. Ann's
avenue. New York, but the document fails
to show that ir was acknowledged before
a notary. It was signed ¦with the name
of Mrs. Williams, the signature being
ecrawiing and uncertain. Williams says
he has proof In a letter received from his
•wife since he arrived at San Francisco
that the signature is a forgery- Tne sig
nature to the letter is wholly unlike that
en the will.
W. H. WUliams Produces 2£uch. Dis
cussed Document and Makes Sev
eral Assertions — Contradictory
Statements Freely Offered. <
Executrix Is Threatened
With Arrest by Heir
to an Estate.
QUEER FEATURES
IN A WILL CASE
ACTOR TOLAND IS
CAPTIVE TO CUPID
Miss Gertrude Tidball Wins Him From
Bachelorhood and They Are to Be
Married on the First Day ' of June
THE SAN FRAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH^9j 19O1.
8
PAINE'S CELEBY COMPOUND. .
Stipriirinp in All fhp Wnrlii
' ifiuUiuiiiu iii mi iiiu ffiui lui
Purifies the Blood as Nothing Else Can Do, Makes
Strong Nerves, Cures Disease!
There Is but one sprlnff medicine that This Is' why the demand for Paine'? the invigorating effect of Pajne's celery
never falls :>- ; celery compound as a spring medicine so compound now that surine. with all Its
Paine's celery compound Is a physician's fa T e * ceeds to-day the demand for all dangers. Is at hand. Its pre-eminence as
V> - «„,* oir'eMinnici nf nhv«lpl-.n<i nw other remedies put togrether. a health maker comes from its extraordl-
remedy, and all schools of physicians pre- Palne . s ce iery compound, taken during nary powers of supplying appropriate
scribe It. • the early spring days, has evei more than nutriment to the blood, nerves and brain.
It is guaranteed by thousands of men its usual remarkable efficacy in making There Isn't a family so rich or so poor as
and women whom it has benefited. It people well. It makes short work of all to afford to be without a bottle of Palne's
has saved the health and lives of hun- diseases of debility and nervous exhaus- celery compound In these early sprinr-
dreds of sufferers In every community. t!on. It \ rapidly . drives out neuralgia, days, when the human system needs
It is the only specific known for diseases sleeplessness, dyspepsia and rheumatism every assistance to carry It through ths
arising from a debilitated nervous sytem from the system. It .removes that lasst- depressing effects of the season wh'en na-
and Impure : blood. Again and again it tude, or "tired, feeling," which betokens ture makes it easiest to replenish the
cures when every other means fail. It Is weakened nerves and poor blood. blood with new, healthful material and
as far in advance" of the ordinary well- Overworked and tired women are but feed the nervous system with strength for
meaning but useless • sarsaparillas. ner- one class of persons who are In urgent future work.
vines and tonics as a finely adjusted need of the wonderful remedy to make What Palne's celery compound ha* done
chronomoter Is supsrlor to .the dummy and keep them well. Business men who for thousands of others it will do for tha
clock on a jeweler's sign post. "One Is the are not sleeping soundly, shop girls made reader, and once this great medlelna ia
finished product of brains and scientific pale and sickly by long hours of Indoor given a trial, another person will be added
skill, while the other is a bungling; Imita- work, and the countlegs sufferers from to the multitude who praise its wonder-
tlon. • ~:'i ¦¦;-;. dyspepsia, kidney and liver trouble, need ful virtues. -. : ;
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
. VDRJNK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
BAHWAY TBAVEL
|9 a.m. |
e •
• •
§ is the time J
0 you leave J
S SAN FRANCISCO 2
9 for Chicago *
% on the S
© •
| California Limited!
o •
O :-- ; /.:., •
© the great train 5
o o
• on the ©
o •
j SANTA FE :
S 8
9999990999999009999999
CALIFORNIA NORTBWtSTEBN £1. CO.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
Han Francisco to San Hafnel.
TIPUROX FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: i::35. 1:30.
. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. S:M,
C:00, 6:20 ?. m.
•Nmi rUttael to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trips at 1:55
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 2:43.
5:05. 6:25 p. m.. •
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Park,
game schedule cs above. . • •
. Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. jXov. 7. 1S0Q.I Ban Francisco.
Week i Sun- I I San- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:S0Rm 8:00 am N'ovato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
2:30 pm 9:20 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
: 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
< ¦ -
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Clorerdale. 7:33 pm 6:23 pm
7:30 am! . I Hopland I j
I 8:00 am] and Ukiah. ( 7:35 pm] 6:22 pm
7:30 am . . 10:25 am
S:C0am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm i
8:30 pm g:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:?0 am] 8:00 ami 110:40 am 10:13 am
3:30'pm| 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. ( 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Gcyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Clov«rdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; nt Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Llertey's Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle, Orr's Hot Springs.
Mendoclno City, Fort Brag?, Westport. Usal.
Wtlletts, Laytonville, Cummings, Bell'B Springs,
Harris. Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eurejca.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.- - -
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
ing.. H. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. . Manager. • . -,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
V%m S«usa!lfes> F«rry.
Commencing September 30. 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— «:B5. »3:15. 11:00 a. m.. *1:45.
3:15. 4:00. 5:15. •6:15.-6:40 p.m..
F5XTRA . TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *10:C0, »11:» a. m.. "l.-la.
3:15. »»:4S. 6:20. 9 :C0 p. m.
.Trains marked <•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. *6:S0. 7:,5. 9:30 a. ra..
12:30. 1:43. *3:3O. 4:20. 5:20 P. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdavs nt. 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNl>AYS^-6:r0. •8:00. *10:00. 'HMS a. m..
•1:40. *2:15, 4:45, »6:30 P. m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:43. 7:53. 9:50 a.m..
12:3S. 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m. ; •¦
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and. 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a.m., 12:C5, 2:15, '3:30.
C:CO, 6:45 p.' m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week, days — Cazadero and way
stations. . « ¦ J
1:43 p.m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stations. ¦ ¦ . >
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Tomales and way
stations.
DR. GROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the . Car j of Gonorrhoea, Gleets.
Strictures i»nd nnalo^ous complaints
.of ths Orftans of Generation.
Price tl a bottle . For sa;« by dxugxtsta.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAEXT AKD WASHINOTON STS-— RE-
xncaeJed and renovated. KINO* WARD &
CO. European plan. Rooms, CCc to $1 SO day;
15 to $8 week; tt to t» month. Free bat hi: hct
ind cold water every room: nrt crates In every
room; elevator runs all nlxfet.
1100,000 SAFE, SATISFIED
i CYCLISTS LAST YEAR.
iMORROW COASTER BRAKE.
k RAFE. b^tnw their wh*«ls w*r» fitted
iirith the JIORROW COASTER BRAKE.
'The wheel 1» always under control,
i SATISFIED. bec&BW the MORROW
'COASTER BRAKE did Just whaf we
} claimed for It:
"'KIDE FIKTT KTL.KS. BUT PEDAL
t OXLT THIRTY-FIVE MILES."
\ Have year new twentieth century bicy-
' c]f fitted w!th it. or put It on your old ,
i-whe*L Fits any bicycle, and Is puaran-
i**J to fflv# ratlEfactlon. Booklet fre«. i
} ECLIPSE MFG. CO.. Elmlra..New York.
Lyflia E. Pinkhsm's Vegetable Com-
pound.
If yon are troubled with, pains,
fainting 1 rprlls. depression of spirits,
reluctance to fro anywhere, headache,
'backache, and always tired, pleaee. re-
member that there is ca absolute
remedy which will relieve you of your
Buffering as it did Mrs. Rice. Proof
is monumental th&t Lydia E. Pirtk-
bam's Vegetable Compound is the
greatest medicine for suffering women.
No other medicine has made the cures
that it has, and no other vroman has
helped so many women by direct advice
as has Mrs. Pinkham ; her experience
is rjre&ter than that of any living 1 per-
son. If yon are sick, write and get
her advM# : ber address is Lynn, Maes.
Mbs. Ell* Kick
HiiLP FOR WOMEN
WHO ABE ALWAYS TLRED.
* ; I do not feel Tery vrell, I am so
tired all the time. I do not know what
is the mr.tter with me."*
You hear these wcrds every day; as
of tsn as rou m«-ct your friends just so
often are these tvordK repeated. More
than likely you speak the same signifi-
cant TTords yonrself . and no doubt yon
do feel far from well most of the time.
Mrs. Ella Rice, of Chelsea, YVis..
•whose portrait we publish, writes that
the suffered fcr two years with bear-
ing-down pains, headache, backache,
tnd had all kinds of miserable feelings,
til of which was caused by fallicg and
inflazemation of the womb, and after
doctoring 1 ¦with physicians and numer-
ous medicines she was entirely cared by
ADVEB.TISTriVTF.TfTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS. v
DON'T SAW
Tour neck with the sharp edges of collars
that still have plenty of wear In them;
send them here for treatment. "We don't
care how sharp the point may have been
when the "other fellow" did the laundry
work — they'll be as smooth as silk when
finished here. One test tells .the story bet-
ter than words.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts if
ordered.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4- Mark9t Streot
_ '¦-;•" Telephone— South 4-2O.
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Av?.
Cured While
w 4^ You Sleep
'JjftJy/gBP\\ Fifteen Day9
"Gran-Solvent" dissolves Stricture like snow M-
oe.ith the snn. reduces lCnlaryed Prostate an«
Strengthens the Seminal Ducts, stopping Drains aatf
Emissions In Fifteen Uajs. ..... . ,^.
No dnics to ruin the stomach, but? direct local
and posIUto application to the entire urethral tract
<Jrun-SolTent is not a liquid. It Is prepared !¦
the form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and tlcxlols>
and so narrow as to pass the closest Stricture.
twiry Man Should Know Himself.
The St. James A«sn.. Box KM. Cincinnati. O., bat
Mcparcd at jrreat expt-ns* an exhunu- FMpp f
fvc illustrated Treatise upon the Diaie LULL
axstem. which tb-* wlU aena to any rf|CL I
riale applicant, . • ¦**¦*••
CT1U1F? 15\S 230 ELM ST.,
31. JA31L3 A53I>., Cincinnati. Ohio.
jvisiT OR- JORDAN'S orcata
IH8SEUD OF AHflTOHY#
§ fi& •MijiHAaaTw.trtt.wsni.s.r.cai.^
7 uf The Lereest AnMomieal Museum In the \
A 'V\mv — World. V« tfctae».«»» or j-iy cunmcted «
¦ lr\S " feG& disease pcmltlvrlyoatvd toy the oldntY
(\) jV% ijt \ spcutilist rn thu Cotst. Est. 36 yairt. '
J Mj RR.oORSMN-Pflnf&TE DISEASES 0
« fi i*«f S ''"" ' :mIllt p«ionaliy or by Ictier. A Q
\F A nr yl 9 /v.rtv* Vvra in every case undsrtaken. . \
M&ll III it WrteforBook.tnil-OsasPBl'a'cfiA
W " I j IS" 3HAUCBIAOS, MAILED F3C& J A V
X A j\, ' valuable boo!: for araj .'¦ l a
9 DB. JORDAN '& CO.. 1051 Market Ht.,8. F. V
Cv<fc»^fe>'<g>^t.-^a>^»-'<aV^-^-^» •*!»>¦<»»
OR.HEYERS&CO. ,^®^
Specialists. Dls-easfi iS?^"
and weakness of f£X$f
men. Established 7J&$i
1SS1. Consultation . WM fvS^^f'
and private book /Ii
free, at otllco or by WwE?
mail. Cures guar- ' \v^'ikffi|K :i 'T L «5*
anteed. 7IJ1 Mar- Mffl*ta®T
ket street (elevator A^^rffiilwWP
entrance). San >^V fl^sSftftSk.
Francisco.
I?i/TK>\8AFE» *lwsjrt reliable. Ladle ait Drnr.t!it -
for chi<5hester ? s
4fL**^*Cv^ ln KC1) anrl V>o\A uetaUIe Ixixct M»Jel
*2a ?£ZWA 5f fh bltl * "bbon. Take no other. Rch M
l» ft t'T.^M f»rtteti!ara, TestimanUlo
vB* ff aad "Roller for Ladies," <m»«€r,tr re.
H wauifl < H W i wl HpsJu . y ¦ 9 ft V *MmL
|©l* J Standard remedy fop Glcei, /^y I
A2?i(g Gonorrhoea and Runnings /uinvl I
IN 40 HOURS. Cures Kid- ImlDT J
-^^ ney and Bladder Troubles. I
I / **^
EAILWAY TEAVZL
•otiTurnjr imcivic c»»jip*j»t.
(nciirio imtM.)
Trains l»«if »i».l mrm tlu« ••» nrrlf • .t
MAN riUNt'MVU.
(Xftln Line. Foot of Market Streai )
MAT* — From Mamq U 1801. — aksiti
":3»* Braid*, Sul»un. Elmlra. V»c»?tU».
Ramsey and baeranwato 7i30p
7:30a Dark, WoodUad. KnichU L«ad!a*.
XUrj»»IIIe. Oroillle.. ?:3Or
7i3O* Atlantic i'.iprrsa— Ogden »nd Earl' 12:2op
»:OUa MarUuez.SanUauoa.Vallejo.lUpa,
l'*Hstof»aodH»nc» Rc«a 0:20r
BsAOaNQm, Liftnaora, Txizj, Lathrop,
Stockton 7:29?
9:*O* Shut* Kipftu-DiiU. Williams (fo*
Bartlott ScriDei). Willow., Aad
Bluff, Portland. 7i3Or
¦¦¦•a Han Joie, Llvermore, Stoektna,
lone, Hacratneuto." PlacetTiU*,
lUryttilU. Ctio... lte<tB!ua 4iS0r
Ai3«A OakdaU. Chinese. Souora. Carter.... 4iS9p
•t««A Haywarda. Nilra and Way .Stations. 1 1 :5O »
¦ sow* Lei Angeles Express — Martinez.
Tracy, LaUirop. rt took too, Merced
Treiao aad Los Angeles 7iC»p
Si3*A ?alleto. Martins* aixl Way Station* SiAOr
IOiUU* Tba Ofexlaud Limited— Ocdea. Den-
Ter, Omaha, Chicago CiSOp
I I:OOa KUes, Stockton, rJacramento, Man-
data. Fmno. lUuforJ. Vltalla,
Porifriillo Aitftr
lliOOiLlTtrmoro. Bangar. Go-h'n Joso-
tlon. BikenSeui, Los Angeles
fl:OOr Saerauanto Klter 3le»inua fSiOft*
3iOOr Hay wtrd». Nllti and Way Statlous. 6:»Op
4t««r Martluex. Hau lUmo.i. Vallajo,
Mapm. C»l!-f<>«». Hauta Roaa U-30.
4i««p B-ulcl*. Winters. Baeranisnto,
Woodland, Kiiijits Landing.
l1ary«Tlll», OtotUIs IsnnQ*
JiaorHaywanla. Wiles ami SanJora t*>a»A
3:OOr >'Ue». Urermor*. gtoektna. Lodi ... 1 0:3O*
ffStOVr Sunset Limited. El Paso, ~Stw
Orleans and East. «10:20a
3>«OrTtie Owl Limited— Tner, Fresno.
DakeraSeld, Hatigus for Saat* Bar-
bara. Loa a imiasi * . " i " I0:2»i
"JiOop New Orle*n* Exprna-liak? r*H*M.
hanta n»rbara.Los Aogrlas, Dem-
log, El Paso, Mew Orlsaus and
¦ Kast 7<n«»
8:«Or HaTwaida, Nllea and Man Jose ~i*O v
{8iO«r VhJIsJo I I»3O\
UiO«r Oriental Hail— Ogdeo, Chfjtnne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:SOp
•iOOr Orleutal Mall— Ogdeo, Denver.
Omaha. Chtcaco. 4t20p
7:O»f Orrgiin and California Kxpma.ttao-
nmentn. Mary>«ISIp. UwMlnir,
Purtlaml. l'ng-1 Hontiil an<l Kait S:-1Oa
Sio5r8»a P«blov Pork Costa, Msrtiaes
and W»y Stations IIiSOa
!Wrt>ar ValU)" 7»3Of
COAST IMTIMON (.Narrori Uause).
(foot of H»rket Street.)
»il."»A Newark. l'riit»rflll'-,8aQ.1 0*9. ?>! ton, .
BonlderCreek.SantaOrusaud Way
8UU90S liftr
(ailSp Newark. Cent? rTi:ie>, San Jose. New
Almaifea. Feitoa. Itaulder Creek,
Santa t'mx and Principal Way
Stations 1 1» !¦¦»••*
4i I Sr Newark. Nan Joae, Los Gatoa »:.ii»a
(r9>S0p Hanters' Exennlon, San Jos* and
Way Buttons t?taOy
CREtK ROUTE FERRY.
tttmli* riilCISC»— r M t %l xtrkit Slri.l (Slis 8>—
17:15 9:00 11:00*. M. 1:33 3:03 Z:\ZfM.
'rtaOllUlS— fitl.f Ji«i»«j.— T«.OO {3.00 t3:03
10:OO».U. 12:C3 8:03 4:03 r.M.
<OtS! DIVISION (llroa.l <a nR r).
flhlrit»iidTown»em>atn.) %
"(U:IO* Ocean View, nouth rlan francheo.. fOtailp
~:O(»» Han Jon ami Way Builmm (New
• ¦- Ali>i»dnn We.lriM.Uy.o.ilj) lilOr
•tOO« Nan J«a«. Tres I'll Hanta Cms.
Pacific «ir»»8. I'aao Huliies. Hail
l.uls Otiiipn, Surf, Lompoc and
Principal Way Statinna 4iln»
I«i4Oa San Jose and Way Htatlous «ias»
IIiSWa S»n .loss ami Way .Station* 3>3Or
t*il3rSan Uatro. Kcdwoort, Manic Park. .
Talo Alto. Santa C'ara, San .Jose,
. . Tres Plnoa. Ranta Crux, Sailnaa.
Monterey ami Pacific firovs »IO::tH4
tatSMpManJoaaaud Way Stallona ?i:i»p
t«:iar Saa Ju«e ao.l Pri noi pal Way Stations Ui IS*
t3:OOrSan Jo», Los Gatoa and Principal ¦ .•
Way SUUods tJh««,
3s30r Sau.losn ami Principal Way Stations *:3Aa
llinop San Jose and WayBtatlous «»:«•<»*
qllt4.tr> San Joae ami Way Station! "i3O»
A for Mnnilni P tor Afternoon.
t 'nnday •xe*pted- \ Snnday only.
g Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays.
e Tnesdsy*. Thorsdsys, Sundays. ¦ ¦¦. , '
a Saturday onl»
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily. %
Leave Market -Street F>ttt Depot. . '' m
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Daily. Dally. Dally. Datly.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:23 a 11:43 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:33 p 3:05 a
" Haaford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a T.
•• Vlsalia . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" BksHeld- «:£0 p 5:20 p 7:30 a .......
" Kan. Cty 2:41 a 7:30 a ."
*' Chicago 2:1S p 9:00 p
a for morning-, p for afternoon.
! »:0O a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying; Palace sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicaso. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
¦first class passengers. Xo second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding; train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:C3 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining: ChaJr Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Freano. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
ipondins train arrives at S:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; U1S Broadway. Oak-
land.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Market Jit.
IMT.2X DAYS f *»££
1 : J?° r - u - 1 Stay over nigh tat theTAvraj»\lO:3.% ». m!
as£S{—^ ™»iuts__. fs« ¦
1:U ?- M -l V , lfcssr:«!
>are. s»n Franeheo to Summit and Relnra. il.W.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. A Sansallto Ferry.
/^k Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Aa^sitH G "° »EAB.\Y ST. Established
WTiarlSaa'" " 5 " t 'or the treatment of I'rivat*
BLi^->«« p<»«^!«e!», 1-mt ilaiidotKL Debllitr or
Ba#*J«^»^l«pasr. wearlngon body and mind and
Sltln Diseases. The Doctorcures when
ijfJiajHflarithers fill. Try him. fbarjres low.
>~^amvntnm*'nrm gnnrnntffd. Call oc wrUo.
Dr. J. *. t- 1 is ISO. V. sa,, FranciscoVc**. _LIQUOB-DEALERS
AKE ORGANIZING
Tive Hundred Members Included in
the Newly Formed California
Dealers' Association.
The California Liquor Dealers' Associa
tion, which was recently organized, has
now a membership of 500. The officers are
as follows:
E.'Li Wagner, president; Harry Cousins, vice
president; William Clack, secretary; Oscar
Hocks; treasurer; Charles Kaufman, sergeant
at arms. Directors — E. L. Nolan, J. Michel.
I*. J. WenlKer. M. Ludwir. T. l.un*tedt. M. F.
O'Connor. Charles L.. Adams, Charles M
Fisf-er, F. H. Bent, Robert D. Hagerty, Mor
ris Levy, John L. Herget, William Lalb, Frank
McCann. Frank Dunn, H. Newhoff, James L.
Ward, Leon Pranks.
The association Is declared to be com
posed of liquor dealers who have deemed
it advisable to combine for mutual"pro
tection. It is also announced that organ
izations of a similar character will be
formed soon throughout the State. Con
gratulations have been received frorn the
National Retail Liquor: Dealers' Associa
tion through the national secretary, who
expresses the hope that " the many thou
sands .of liquor dealers in California will
boon. unite and become as powerful a fac
tor In this State as organized liquor deal
ers have, proved to be In othor.flto.tco.
The third of the series of lenten ser
vices held at St. Mary's Cathedral under
Calvarian Society auspices will take place
to-morrow afternoon 8t 3 o'clock. Thero
will be the "Stations cf the Cross," ser
mon and benediction. Rev. C. A. Ramm
will be the speaker, his subject bein,?
"Judas." All. other than members, may
attend these exercises.
Cathedral Lenten Service.
The Gentlemen's Sodality of St. IgnatlU3
will partake of holy communion in a body
next Sunday. The seven hundred members
of the society will meet In Sodality chapel
on Hayes street and march to St. Ignatius
Church, where the sacrament will be ad
ministered at the 7:30 o'clock mats. Im
mediately afterward the society will noil*
a. meeting for the purpose of initiating
new members.
Will Receive Communion.
WITNESS IN GRAND JU3Y ;: a
INQUIRY DISAPPEARS
Subpena Served on Quong Bin, Who
Fails to Respond— Still Prob
ing Police Affairs.
Quong Bin, one of the chief witnesses
summoned to appear before the Grand
Jury In Its investigation of police affairs
in Chinatown, has disappeared from the
city and a bench warrant will be issued
for his arrest. The Chinaman was sub
penaed by Officer Ralston, but failed to
answer to his name when called to ap
pear before the Grand Jury yesterday.
His testimony is desired, as it is alleged
that he stg,Jed in the presence of wit
nesses that he had paid the police for
allowing him to conduct his gambling
games.
Attorney Joseph Coffey was the first
witness called, and he gave testimony
similar to that given to the legislative
committee. Coffey was closely questtloned
regarding his admission that he had been
offered four or five thousand dollars if
he succeeded In obtaining permission
from the Police Department to run gam
bling dens on the llrst floor.
Choo Foo was questioned regarding his
statement that he was given assurance
that he could open a gambling place if
he would pay a certain sum of money.
Other witnesses In waiting were Wong
Fook. Chew Moy, Quong Hlng and Y.
Yakota, said to be the proprietor of a
disreputable house, but they were ex
cused until next .Tuesday evening, when
the Investigation will be resumed.
TO SAIL.
BETHEL AFRICAN CHURCH
FAIB MEETS WITH SUCCESS
Handsome . Booths in Basement of
Powell-Street Church Draw
Large Attendance.
The baxaar and ladles' fair for the ben
efit of Bethel African M. E. Church wan
opened Monday night In the basement of
the church at 1207 Powell street. The at
tendance was large, and it Is expected a
large sum i will be realized. The booths
are in charge of the following:-
Fan|y\ booth— Mesdames Snelson. Oottman,
McCard, Frank, Jackson. Fraser. Gibson.
Toombs, Bullock, Miss -Hattle Jackson and
others. ; -
Fancy paper and booth — Mesdames Stacker.
Hlgby, Wilkenion. Mleses Maria Wilkerson,
Turner. Saunders and others. •
Icecream parlor— Meadarnes Congo. 'Wyatt.
Wamble. Bell. Oxendlne and others.
Luncheon, room — Mendames Robert C. Wilson.
S. A. Johnson. Miss Clayton and others.
Confectionery booth— Mesdamea M. Sullavon.
Evans, Busby. Stewart, Lambert, Franklin.
Sullivan, Mills. Harriet Jackson. Turner. Lo
Roy, Rogers and others. • ,
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
tho early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of referenco
In the mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
INTO A FOREST
OF OIL DERRICKS
To-Night's Big Excursion. Will Taks
The first popular excursion of the sea
son takes place this evening. It is fron
San Francisco to Bakersfield. and ia
given by the Southern Pacific in response
to the very general desire to see the oil
fields and understand from a practical
f>oint of view what all this oil commotion
3 about. Hundreds of business men in
this city who are more or less Interested
In oil have never seen a derrick and all
they know about oil ia the din and babel
of the OH Exchange. Going right into th?
Kern River oil fields under ordinary cir
cumstances consumes valuable time anl
Is somewhat expensive. This excursion
reduces that fact to a minimum by taklns
no time out of business hours, cutting the
transportation expense almost in half and
giving a whole day for inspection.
The special train, composed of Pullman
buffet sleepers and day coaches, leaves
at 7 o'clock and returns early Monday
morning. Round trip to Bakersfleld $10.
berth in sleeper and side trip to McKitt
rick or Oil City extra. William H. Men
ton, the well-known excursion agent, will
be on hand.
An Attorney in Trouble.
B. Donnelly, a grocer at Flllmore and
Bush streets, swore to a complaint In
Judge Cabanlsp' court yesterday for the
srrept of Charles W. Smyth, an attorney,
on the oharge of passing a fictitious
check. Ilf alleges that on February 6
Smyth passed a check on him for $25 on
the Crocker-Woolworth Bank purporting
to be signed by "Oeorge B. Kelly," who
Is not known at the bank. Smyth was
arrested about two months ago for embez
zlement, but when the case came on for
hearing the complaining witness refused
to prosecute.
THE shipyards from San Francisco
to Puget Sound are working over
time in order to get the fleet of
vessels promised for the spring
trade ready for launchins. At Al
ameda Point, Benlcia, Eureka, Coos Bay.
Grays Harbor and at half a dozen places
on Puget Sound four-masted schponers.
barkentines and steam schooners' are
nearing completion, while old vessels ar?
being' overhauled ahd refitted, many of
them for the Nome trade.
Over at Alameda Point Hay & Wrigh*.
have a very large force of carpenters and
shipwrights at work.. They are building
a new schooner for Sanders & Kirtchman
and also one for Hind. Rolph & Co. Both
vessels will be four-masters, 175 feet long,
SS feet 6 inches broad and 14 feet decn.
They will be almost sister ships to the
Forester, launched last year, the only dif
ference being that they will have 6 Inches
more draft. The Mlndoro Svlll be the name
of Sanders & Klrtchman's boat and she
will be used in tha coast trade. Hind.
Rolph & Co.'s new schooner is to be
named Kona after tho coffee district on
the island of Hawaii. She will be added
to the firm's sugar fleet.
The steam schooner Iaqua that went on
Duxbury reef last January and was later
towed off is now being repaired at Hay At
Wright's. The hull has to be practically
rebuilt and it will take at least three
months to complete the job. She has
been taken off the ways Into the ship
yard and two gangs of men are working
on her night and day. '
The steam schooner Alcazar has alsa
been practically rebuilt. Heavier fasten
ings were put lit. the vessel strengthened
throughout and a new forecastle built on.
The cost of the work on the Alcazar waa
in the neighborhood of $12,000. : .
Besides the Alameda yards Maithevr
Turner is working his men night and day
at* Benlcia, Bendixsen Is turning' away
work at Eureka. A. M. Simpson is .bulitl
lng some sister ships to the Alpha, Omega
and Addenda at Coos Bay and at Grays
Harbor two schooners are on the wmi,
while half a dozen more are building
the Sound. All in all the Pacific Coast
fleet will be increased bv at least twen'y
four vessels before next June. ' -
A cannery tender for the Alaska Pack
ers'' Association Is ¦ ready for launchirg
at-Hay.& Wright's vaid. She is 107 fee:
long. 33 feet beam and 10 feet deep. Sha
will be engined by the United Engineer
ing Works and when completed will take
supplies to Bristol Bay. • -' • -••
BIVER SAILORS STRIKE.
Deckhands Quit a Steamer Because
Increase in Pay Is Refused.
There was > trouble on the Sacramento
River .steamer Pride of. the Rlrer yester
day and in consequence fourteen deck
hands walked out. The steamer brought
down 7000 sacHf of potatoes and when she
docked all hands thought they were go
ing to be paid off and the vessel tied up.
Instead the agents ordered- her out on an
other trip. The crew then refusal to
handle the freight for their pay of $30 a
month, but instead askrd for 40 cents an,
hour, the regular . longshoremen's rat«».
Their demand was refuted and the men
quit.
The longshoremen were then called In
and refused to handle the potatoes for Ies3
than 1 cent a sack, which averages nearly
DO cents an hour. The longshoremen were
employed and by the time the cargo was
out a new crew had been secured and the
Pride of the River was ready for another
trip to Sacramento. •
Stowaways on America Maru.
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha's America Maru
brought twelve passengers into port yes
terday who were not on the lists Issued
to the public. Purser Bemis was keeping
tally on them, however, and will' see that
they are safely landed at Yokohama on
the return voyage. All of the twelve are
Japanese stowaways. When the vessel
was a. week out. from Yokohama one of
them was discovered, and then every day
thereafter until tho steamship was near
ing port another was discovered. ..How so
many of them got aboard no one knows,
but the officers think they were helped by
the members of the Japanese crew, r
? —
• Rival Steamships
The Panama Railroad. Company's char
tered steamship St. Paul, the Pacific Mall
Company's Peru and the Pacific Naviga
tion Company's Colombia all left- for Pan
ama and Central American ports yester
day. The St. Paul got away at noon, the
Peru at 12:20 p.*m. and the Colombia at 1
p. m. The St. Paul goes direct to Pan
ama, while' the Peru stops at Acapulco,
Champerico, San Jose de Guatemala, Aca
jutla. La Libertad, La Union. Amapala,
Corinto.- San Juan del Sur and Punta Are
nas. The Colombia will call. at Mazatlan,
San Bias and Manzanlllo before striking
Acapulco, the first port at which the Peru
stops. . .. • ---.^yr-cf •':;'-
Wind-Jammers Make Fast Runs.
The .British ship Melanope arrived at
Sydney,. N. S. W., . yesterday from San
Francisco in the very fast time of 47 day*,
while the. French bark Margulrete Doll
fus arrived from Melbourne In the
equally fast time, of. 49 days. . The'Me
lanope will be remembered as the vessel
that came here from I Panama and I over
which there was considerable litigation
due to the death on the voyage of Captain
Crelghton and .Miss Ward. . .,
The Marguirete Dollf us took a cargo of
supplies .lor the Boers to South Africa
and then went to tJelra to .load for San
Francisco.' On her way. here she was
caught in a gale . and lost her fore and
main topgallant masts and had to put into
Melbourne for repairs. She was there
from November 15 to' January, 18, and then
rtbumed her voyage to this port.
Menace to Navigation Hemoved.
An explosion » yesterday ' destroyed all
that remained of Shae Rock No. 2, there
by giving the required, depth of water In
the channel. It was a difficult matter for
the contractors to dispose of this-obstruc
tion to navigation owing to the depth of
the water covering It. • •
Water Front Notss.
It blew very hard from the northwest
Thursday. afternoon and evening, and the
schooners Ralph J. Long, John D. Tallant
and Newark had to anchor in the lower
bay. They succeeded in getting to sea
yesterday.
The battleship Wisconsin took a cruise
around the bfiy yesterday while her com
passes were being: adjusted. From here
she goes to Magdalena Bay for target
practice. . -f
The torpedo-boat destroyer Perry was
also out for a practice spin.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Zea
landia arrived from Hllo yesterday. She
only brought up one cabin and two steer
age passengers. ¦
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Arthur Fltger will load wheat at Port
land for Europe. 43s 3d, prior to arrival; the
Khyber, same voyage. 41s 3d, prior to arrival;
the Lillebonne, lumber at Grays harbor for
Tonga Island, prior to arrival; the Colllngrove,
lumber at Port Blakeley for Shanghai; the
British steamer Port Albert, lumber on Puget
Sound for Port Pirie, 65s.
Departure of the St. Paul.
The steamer St. Paul sailed yesterday for
Panama direct , with a general cargo, mani
fested as follows: For Xew York, .$$0,414; Eng
land. $D9C0; Panama, $817; total, I91.131. The
carper consisted of the following: •
For New York— 10S8 sks bone black, 19.000 lbs
beans. 34 bales old rubber, 30,524 lbs malt, 100
cs canned salmon, 3S bales rag's, 27,526 lbs dried
fruit, 10 flsks quicksilver, 81 bales cattle hair,
200.941 rals 150 cs wine.
For England— 57 pkgs household goods, 4 pkgs
carriage material.
For Panama — 100 bbls flour,' 50 crs potatoes,
200 crs garlic.
The Sierra's Cargo.
The steamer Sierra, which sailed Thursday
for Sydney and way ports, carried a general
cargo, valued at $164,6S5, exclusive of shipments
to Honolulu, and manifested as follows:. For
Australia, $124,737; New Zealand, $27,556;
Samoa. $3258; FIJI Islands, $544; Cape Town,
J8r?0. The principal exports were as follows:
Fcr Australia— 8 cs arms and ammunition, 47
pkga harvester, 2C23 lbs beans, 2242 ctls barley,
2742 cs canned goods, 500 lbs chocolate, 161.234
lbs coffee, 15,890 lbs dried fruit, 8 cs dry goods,
40 pkgs electrical goods, 30 cs fuse, 49 pkgs
groceries and provisions. 37 rolls leather, 39,135
feet lumber, 340 kegs white lead, 100O cs rolled
oats, 14 cs metal polish, 114 pkgs machinery,
16 bales overalls, 144 cs oil, 14 crs 498 . rolls
paper, 20 bxsTaislnp, 22 cs soap, 115 cs salmon,
249 cs boots and shoes, 12 bbls whale oil..
For New Zealand— 27 csks bottled beer. 31
balsa broom corn, 2484 lbs bean?. 120O »bs cod
fish. 1S28 en canned goods. 14,2-10 lbs crude cocoa
7&60 lbs coffee, 6698 lbs dried fruit, 2 cs drugs,
19 pkgs groceries and provisions, 8 bale hose,
10 cs fuse. 26 pkgs machinery, 16 bales overalls.
22 cs rubber boots, 322 cs salmon, 17 cs shoes.
For Samoa— 2 crs bicycles, 46 cs canned gooda.
40 bbla flour. 3 cs dry goods, 19 cs drugs, 71 pk^!
groceries and provisions, 4 cs hardware, 8 cs
lamp goods, 5 cs liquors, 35 cs 3 bbls salmon,
3 c» varnish. v
For FIJI Islands — 44 cs canned -goods, 33 cs
salmon, 361 lbs dried fruit, 6 pkgs groceries, 4
cyls ammonia.
For Cape Town, S. A.— 525 cs canned, goods,
750 cs salmon, 61,500 lbs dried fruit.
Shipments of Flour and Wheat.
The Austrian steamer Federlca sailed yester
day for Valparaiso for orders, with 109,469 ctls
wheat, valued at $109,463, and 32,000 ft lumber
as dunnage, valued at $330.
The British phlp Matterhorn also sailed yes
terday for .Valparaiso for orders, with 64,J:t<?
ctls wheat, valued at $66,708, and 27,000 ft lum
ber as dunnage, valued at J4G5. '
The French bark Saint Anne was cleared yes
terday for Queenstown for orders, with 49,200
half-sacks flour, which Is equal to 24, COO bbls.,
valued' at $79,950. The vessel carried 27,000 ft
lumber as dunnage, valued at $kc>.
Cargo on the Colombia.
The steamer .Colombia sailed yesterday for
Valparaiso and way ports with a cargo of mer
chandise, manifested and destined as follows:
For Mexico, $'>262 ; Central America, $9749; Pan
ama. $489: Colombia. J365; Chile, J2800: total.
$18,663. The following were the principal ship
ments:
. For Mexico— 14 cs baking powder, 1250 lbs
dried fruit, 1080 pkgs groceries and provisions,
20 cs fuse. 20 cs hardware, 29.000 ft lumber, 815
bdls snooks, 7 cs tea. 15 cs 334 gala wine.
For Central America — 355 cs coal oil. 600
brick. 62 bbls cement, 16S5 bbls flour.- 9 cs drugs,
123 pkgs groceries and provisions, 10 kegs nalla.
35 bdls pipe. 197 crs potatoes, 10 cs whisky, 8
cs 447 gals wine, CO kegs white lead, 35,230 lbs
corn. ' '
For Colombia — 90 bbl3 flour, 2 colls cordage.
For Chile — E25 bbls flour. .350 cs salmon.'
For Panama— 627 gals wine. 45 bbls flour. 8
crs potatoes and, onions, 22 pkgs groceries and
provisions. I ¦
An Additional Manifest.
In addition to cargo previously reported the
steamer Umatilla, which sailed Thursday for
Victoria, carried:
164 pkgs vegetables. 248 bxa orangey. 23 bxs
lemons. 15 sks cocoanuts. 3 cs canned goods
and 150 cs fruit. Value, $12S3.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Friday," March 8.
Stmr Newburg, Peterson. C8 hours from
Grays , Harbor.
Stmr Zealandla, Dowdell, .7 days 3 hours from
Stmr Btate ¦ of California. Jepsen. 59 hours
from Victoria and way ports. .
Bark'Coallnga, Evans, 44 days from Callao.
Fr bark Marsuerlte Dollf us, Lahaye, 177
days from ; Belra, via Melbourne 49 days.
Friday, March S.
Stmr St Paul, Hays, Panama; Panama Rail
road Co. ¦ ¦*'•¦¦ ' ' ¦ .
Stmr Peru. Pillsbury. Panama and way
ports: Pacific Mail SS On. .
Stmr Thistle. Peterson. Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Assn. .
Stmr North Fork, McLellon, Eureka; Chas
Nelson. * _ . _ . ;
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randell, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad and Nav Co.
Br stmr Colombia, Juflklns, Valparaiso and
way ports; Balfour, Guthrle & Co.
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew. Honolulu; Welch
& Co.
Fr bark Salnte Anne. Bernler, Queenstown;
G W McNear. ,»
SAILED.
Friday. March 8.
Stmr Corona, Glclow, San Pedro.
Stmr San Jose, Brown, Nanalmo
Stmr Peru, Pillsbury. Panama.
Stmr St Paul, Hays, Panama.
Stmr Fultcn. Levinson, Portland.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Guthrle. Santa Cruz.
Aus Btmr Federlca, Ivancich, Valparaiso.
Br stmr Colombia, Judklns, Valparaiso and
way i>orts.
Tug Deilance, McCoy, San Diego.
Br ship Matterhorn, Warren, Valparaiso.
Bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu.
Schr Gotama, Semsen, C009 Ray.
Schr J D Tallant, Hoffland, New Whatcom.
Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing.-
Schr Duxbury, Todd. Orca. via Cooks Inlet. ,
Schr Ralph J Long. Islgkelt. Mendocino.
SPOKEN.
ISLAND PORTS
Nov 11, lat 31 N, Ion 128 W— Ger ship Wll
helmtne, from Vancouver, for Delagoa Bay.
Feb 11, lat 3 S, Ion 23 W— Cr bark Inveram
say, hence Oct 27. for Queenstown.
Feb 16. lat 3 N. Ion 30 AV— Ger ship Slrlus,
from Astoria, for Queenstoyn.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Fr bark Marguerite I>olfus«. from Belra..
Mach S— Sailed from Boira Sent 1. On Oct 5
carried away main topgallant mast. Put Into
Melbourne Nov 11, repaired and sailed Jan 18.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, March S. 10 p m— "Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed March 7— Stmr Excelsior
for- Valdea; strar Al-KI, for Skaguay. March
8 — Ship Two Brothers, for San Francisco
¦ PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in March 8— Br
Btmr Goodwin, from Hongkong; shlo S -D
Carleton, from. Honolulu; schr C S Holme*
from San Pedro. • • •
March 8— Ger ship Roland, from
Honolulu. - ". •-
Arrived March 8— Schr Falcon, hence Feb 22
bktn Chas F Crocker, from Honolulu.
Sailed March 8— Ship Two Brothers, for San
Francisco: «chr Ludlow, for San Pedro
TILLAMOOK— Arrived March 8— Stmr' Chico.
from Cpyutjle River; stmr W H Kruger, hence
March 5.
EUREKA— Arrived March 8— Stmr Bruns
wick, hence March 7. . .
Sailed March 8— Stmr Pasadena, for San
Pedro: >tmn Santa Barbara, South Coast and
Lakme, for San Francisco.
FORT BItAGG-Arrlved March 8-Stmr
Noyo, lience March 7.
ASTORIA— Arrived March 8— Ger bark Niobe.
from Yokohama ; schr J M "Weatherwax. from.
San Pedro.
Arrived March 7— Br ship County Llnlith
gow, from Hlcro.
CASPAR— Arrived March 8— Stmr Newsboy,
hence March 7.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed March 8— Schr
Ludlow, for San Pedro.
Arrived March 8— Schr C S Holmes, from
San Pedro.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived March 8— Stmr Luella.
from Carrar.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed March 7— Stmr Co
qullle River, for San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Arrived Feb 21— Schr Rosa
mond, hence Feb 3. Feb 25— Stmr Zealandla,
from Port Los Anfcelen; u S Btmr !*hertdan.
hence Feb It Feb 2t> — Stmr NipDon Maru,
hence Feb 19. Feb IS— Nor bark Passepartout,
from Newcastle. Aus. Feb "22— Bark Topgal
lant, from Manila: ship C F Sargent, from Ta
coma. Feb 27 — Oer stmr Eva. hence Feb 13.
-Sailed yfet* 20 — Br stmr Oopack. . for Manila.
Feb 26— Schr Helen. for.Sa/i Francisco. Feb 27
— Bktn Bcnicla, for San Francisco. Feb 28—
U S stmr Sheridan, for Manila: Ger stmr Eva,
for , Yokohama. Feb 20 — Stmr American, for
Xew York, via Hilo. Feb 2S— Ship James Drum
mond, for Puget Sound.
To sail . March 2— Bark R P Rlthet. . for San '
Francisco.
HILO— Arrived Feb 20-Schr O M Kellogg,
from Eurelca.
KAHULUI— Arrived Feb 1!>— Schr S T Alex
ander, hence Jan 24. Feb 22 — Safcr Dor4 Bluhm.
hence Feb 1.
Sailed Feb 23— Schr Honolpu and schr Rob- i
ert R Hind, for Puget Pound.
MAHUKOXA— Sailed Feb 23— Schr Emma!
Claudlna. for San Francisco. -I
KAAXAPALI— Arrived Feb — . bark High- I
lan<l Lieht, from Tacoma.
HANA— Arrived Feb 20— Schr Stanley, from
Kahulul..
ELEELE- Arrived Feb — , bark Agate, frot»
Tacoma. ~ :
"WAI ME A— Arrived Feb — . schr Charlotte G
Cox, with 120 sealskins. • ¦¦-. ,
Sailed Feb —.schr Director, with 124 skins;
schr Mary Taylor, with 2S skins.
FOREIGN PORTS. -tV*, £/;
NANAIMO— Arrived March 7— Stmr San Ma
teo, hence March 2. ,: ¦ . ,
Sailed March 7— Stmr Mlnpola, for Port Los
Ancoles.
LIZARD— Passed March 7— ShlD Roanoke,
hence Oct 27. for Liverpool.
ST VINCENT— Sailed March 7— Br stmr Hy
son. . . " .
NORTH SHIELDS-Salled March G-Ital ship
Francisco Ciampa, for San Francisco.
ROYAL, ROADS— Arrived "March 7— Br ship
Eulomene, • from Hloco.
LUNDI ISLA^«D*-Arrived March 7— Ger ship
J W. Yv'cndt, bound from Queenstown, for Ant
werp; r-ut in for shelter.
SYDNF<Y— Arrived prior to March 8— Br bark
Melanope. hence Jan 20 (passage 47 days).
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 8— Ship Kerrtl
worth, for Liverpool.
BREMEN— Sailed Jan 3— Br «hlp Argus, fcr
Honolulu. Jan- 1— Ger bark H F Glade, for
Honolulu.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 8 — Stmr Queen
Adelaide, rrom Tneoma. for Hongkong.
NAPLES— Arrived . March , 8— Stmr Werra.
from New York, for Genoa: and proceeded.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived March 8— Stmr
Rhynland. from Liverpool, via Queenstown.
SHANGHAI— Sailed March S — Stmr Norman
Isle, for Portland. Or.
GENOA— Sailed March 8— Stmr Aller, for
New York. ¦
GLASGOW— Sailed March 8— Stmr Corean. for
Boston.
. LIVERPOOL- Sailed March 8— Stmr Dlmln
lon, for Portland.
NEW YORK— galled March 5— Stmr South
wark, for. Bremen. .
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United . States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort - Point.- entranco to San
- Francisco Bay. Published -by- official au
- thorlty 'of the Superintendent. ¦ .
NOTE— The hi«fh -and low waters occur at
the city i front . (Mission-street wharO about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the h.lRht of tid-- la the same at both places.
¦ "• ~ SATURDAY. MARCH 9. " *
Sun rises.. ¦...;................;.... 6:J0
Sun sets....................... •• ...6:11,
Father Henry Wyman, C. S. P., cele
brated the twenty-fifth anniversary of hi*
ordination to the priesthood yesterday.
Special services were held at St. Mary'i
Church in the mornir.g and solemn high
mass was celebrated by Father Wyman,
•who was assisted by Father T. McNIcoi.
deacon; Father H. O'Keefe, sub-deacon,
end Father P. Moran, master of ceremo
nies.
Special music was rendered by the
choir and Father Thomas McLaughlin of
New York, well known through his recent
musical lectures, sang the offertory, "Tu
es Sacerdos in Aetprnum."
Father M. I>. Conjolly of St. Paul's
Church delivered the sermon, the theme
of which was the sanctity of the Driest
hood. Tribute was paio. to Pather Wy
man'i" long and useful rervlce. The march
to and from the sanctuary rail by the
Paulist Fathers and the many visiting
jiriostF was most impressive.
At thp rinse of the services Father Wy
rr.an entertained the vit-iting pastors at a
banquet in the parochial residence. R»»v.
J. F. Nugent was loastmaster and nu
merous congratulatory toasts were re
sponded to. The clergy who were pres
ent were:
Very Rev. John Preiniprrast, V. G. ; Rev. P.
S^anlon. chancellor: Very Rev. J. P. Friedon,
FUpcrinr of the J«>*ultiF; Rev. P. C. Vorke. Rev.
John UcGlatr. Rev. i<. D. Conjinlly. Rev. J.
F. Nugent. Hev. M. i>. Ryan. R<?v. James Me-
J>inald, Rev. Henry Woods. Rev. John Casrin.
Rev. F. W. Kunkrl. K»v. W. B. O'Connor of
t=to<-kton. Rev. Alexander Hamet. Rev. A. M.
t^MtHandreu. Rev. I'et-r Cafev, Rev. H. Lagan.
Rev. Autrustine MeClory »o. F. M.), Rev.
P.apnael Kuhr. Rev. P. A. Foley. Rev. T. P.
McLaughlin or New Y< rk and Brother Ermin
<-!d of St. Mary's Coll^ce.
Father WjTnan received many and va.-
Tiable gift* in hon<*r of his anniversary,
among which were a Walthaxn watch arid
pome wine and water cruets for ma«
from Hranch £5. randies' Aid Society: a
purse containing J4 1 ") Jr. gold from the
congregation of St. Mary'? Church; a vs<
rjahle filver chalice from W. S. Sutton. a
lace surplice from the Sisters of the Holy
Family, and a benediction bourse from the
Sisters of the Holy Cress.
Special Services Are Held in St.
Mary'6 Church and a Banquet Is
Tendered to Visiting
Clergy-
Fittingly Celebrates His
Ordination to the
Priesthood.
FATHER WYMAN'S
ANNIVERSARY
The - substitution of an elderly China
man, for the 15-year-old . Chan Ylt in the
detention shed at the . Mail dock has
opened- up the probability of numerous
other substitutions having been made
there and the likelihood that bribery may
have been resorted to. The detention shed
belongs to the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company, which uses it as a storefoom
for Chinese immigrants pending the de
termination of their right to be landed
and their deportation when denied land-
Ing by the Collector of the Port. The shed
is constructively the steerage of the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company and the
company is responsible for the safe keep-
Ing of the coolies. The company has
watchmen and these' are assisted by spe
cial watchmen appointed by the Collector
and paid at the rate of 573 per month. Re
cently eleven Chinese Immigrants escaped
from the shed through -a back window
while one of these special watchmen was
on duty. ..
Collector Stratton announced yesterday
that he had come to the conclusion that
substitutions were much more frequent
than is generally suspected.- He believed
also that the system . of hiring special
watchmen Is not Judicious.
"They are not under the civil service
system," he added, "and they are liable
to be dismissed at any time and other
men may be appointed to their places.
Seventy-five dollars per month under such
conditions is not much of an inducement
when confronted with a possible bribe of
1500. I know that there have been Chinese
in that shed, merchants In fact— but tech
nically not such, because they may have
a restaurant or a pawnbroklng establish
ment connected with their business— who
cannot get in and. who would. gladly pay
$500 or $1000 to be landed. I think It would
be safer to dispense with special watch
men and fill their places with customs in
spectors, who are under the civil service
system and who would not be likely to
accept bribes and jeopardize their life po
sitions." ' ". ¦ "-. ¦ ¦
No trace has been found of the missing
Chan' Yit 15 years old. . The 50-year-old
Chan Ylt was smuggled into the shed. He
was willing to accept a free passage to
China and he was put Into the shed by
some derelict otticlal so that the total
number of Inmates might not be reduced.
Declares That Substitutions Like
Those of Chan Yit Are More Fre
quent Than Has Seen
Suspected.
> ¦ . -
Collector Stratton Thinks
That Bribery Was
Employed.
CROOKED WORK
AT MAIL DOCK
Every effort is to be made by represen
tatives of local commercial bodies to se
cure a class of desirable settlers for Cal
ifornia. These are to be drawn from the
colonists that are expected to visit this
State by reason of the present colony
rates established by the various railroads
centering here. In order to concentrate
efforts at a meeting held yesterday after
noon at the Chamber of Commerce It was
decided that the new body should be
known as the California Colony Associa
tion.
W. M. Bunker called the assemblage to
order and H. P. Sonntag took the chair.
Proceedings were opened by the Introduc
tion of the following resolutions read by
Secretary Weil:
Whereas, Through the action of the trans
portation companies in providing for the in
troduction of desirable immigrants into the
State a welcome emergency Is about to be
created and we are suddenly to enjoy unus
ual opportunities for settling our vacant land
and generally increasing the prosperity of the
State; therefore, be it
Resolved, That a. permanent organization,
known as the California Colony Association,
be formed for the purpose of disseminating
information regarding available lands and la
bor, to co-operate with all other organiza
tions of a kindred character throughout the
State nnd to iierform all other acts that will
further the object of the association.
A committee on organization, composed
of R. B. Jennings, Hugh Craig. Isidore
Jacobs, H. P. Sonntng and N. B. Greens
felder. named the following as permanent
officers:
H. D. Loveland of Tillmann & Bendel. pres
ident: A. Sbarboro of Italian Swiss Colony,
first vice president : Harry Holbrook of Hol
brook. Merrill & Stetson, second vice presi
dent; Joe Sloss of Miller, Sloss & Scott,
treasurer; William M. Weil of William M.
Well Company, secretary.
A number of communications were read,
one urging that efforts be made to induce
discharged soldiers to remain In the State
instead of yielding to the efforts of rail
road agents to get them away. The com
munication stated that the writer thought
It would be better to keep the soldiers
here in preference to letting them go
East. Another letter was from a Florida
preacher and orange grower, who said he
had lost three orchards in three succes
sive bad winters and was desirous of j
bringing a number of disgusted Florida
residents to the coaft. These letters will i
receive due attention. '
It was reported that thirty-three car
loads of excursionists were on their way
here and in order that there might be no
feeling of sectional Jealousy regarding: the
distribution of visiting tourists it was de
cided to make the California Colony Asso
cation tho center of the State's colonial
activity.
J. H. FHckinger of San Jose wired the
committee that he would erect 150 or more
temporary cottagea for the accommoda
tion of those who wished to visit the
Santa Clara Valley and Mount Hamilton.
Further organization •will be effected by
a committee consisting of Percy T. Mor
gan, H. P. Sonntag, Charles Bundschu.
Xaph B. Greensfelder, W. J. Dutton, G.
H. Thompson and H. J. Crocker. This
committee will meet during the present
week to devise plans for the future ex
tension of the work laid out.
For the formation ol an executive com
mittee the following names have so far
been suggested:
Ex-offlcio— Mayor j. D. Pheian and presi
dents of all commercial bodies In San Fran
clsco.
Albert Rass, E. G. Lyon Company: Joe
Grant. Murphy, Grant & Co.; C. liumlschu,
Oundlach. Bur.dschu & Co.: E. "It Lillfenthal.
Pleasanton, Cal.; William Thomas, Thomas &
Gerstle: F. S. Johnson. Johnson-Locke Com
pany: R. B. Jennings. Wellman. Peck & Co.;
II. F. Fortman, Alaska Packers' Association;
N. B. Grecnsfelder, . Industrial Development
Company; Adolph Spreckels. Western Sugar
Refinery; M. H. H*cht: I* F. Graham. Fllck
lnger Company. Ran Jose; W. J. Dutton, Fire
man's Fund Insurance Company;' M. Theo
Kf-arny, Fresno; Percy T. Morgan, California
Wine Association; R. I. Bentley, California
Fruit Canners' Association; Isadora Jacobs,
! California Canners' Association; II. W. Meek.
] San Lorenzo; A. B. Paul Jr., Porter Bros.'
Company; Professor E. T. Smith; Jacob
Stern, Lev! Strauss & Co. ; G. M. Thompson,
! Bank of California; H. P. Sonnta*. Bovee. Toy
! & Sonnta*; A. S. Baldwin. Baldwin & How
ell: A. W. Foster. proFident California and
Northwestern Railroad Company; H. F. Allen;
H. J. Crocker; Edson Adams, Oakland;
George Hooper, C. A. Hooper & Co.; H. G.
Platt; W. W. Montague; A. H. Naftzcer. Los
AnReles; L. T. SamueU. Samuels Lace House;
• Fred Tillmann. Tillmann & Co; George A.
j Ncwhall, president Chamber of Commerce: A.
I Sharboro. president Manufacturers' and Pro
! ducerp' Association; F. W. Dohrmann. presl
j dent Merchant*' Association; A. A. Watklns.
' president of San Francisco Board of Trade;
• N. P. Chfpman. president of State Board of
1 Trade; George \V. McNoar, president of Prod
j uce Exchange, and Irving M. Scott, Union
Iron Works.
Newspaper proprietors were also re
! quested to name' representatives to be
added to the executive committee.
As soon as the executive committee can
j be got together every effort will be mad«
to extend the scope of the organization.
California Colony Association Pur
poses Pointing Out the Many Ad
vantages This State Offers to
Intending Settlers.
Efforts Being Made to Secure
Best Class of Visitors
as Residents.
COLONISTS MEET
ENCOURAGEMENT
There is a sreat uproar In the State
ever the last oil bulletin prepared by Pro
fessor Watt for the State Mining Bureau,
and which was printed by the State print
ing office. It is only procurable at the
present time upon payment of from Jt 50
to 53 a copy. There are about 3000 incor
porated oil companies In the State. Pre
sumably every one of these companies haa
been a candidate for the possession, of at
least one copy of the bulletin In question.
Prof3ssor Watt put In many months
looking over the State and studying oil
indications. He took a camera along. and t
the bulletin was illustrated with numer-*
ous pictures, showing all about anticlines
and seepages and other things that are a
part of the furniture of the oil fields.
Every prospector was led to regard the
bulletin as a sort of ready handbook to oil
lore, and the rush for copies when they
arrived in San Francisco was tremendous.
Oil experts have inquired recently at the
Mining Bureau for copies. Mr. Jacobs,
the clerk who has charge of the literature
of the bureau, has told every one that
there were no more copies for distribu
tion. Within the last few weelts track of
a few vagrant copies has been discovered.
The second-hand book men are found to
have a supply of them. They sold them
out at not less than Jl 50 a copy to a spec
ulator, and the same copies have been
sold subsequently to oil men for advanced
prices. Some of these copies have been
procured by Clerk Jacobs and he haa
placed them in the way of inquirers. Now
he wishes thai he had not tried to be so
accommodating, for there are some who
have insinuated that he was making
money out of the transaction. This he in
dignantly denies, and he is upheld in this
denial by the State Mineralogist.
1 There were only 3000 copies published.
One-half of that number came to San
Francisco: the remainder were distributed
in Sacramento. Every member of tfto
Legislature received copies. The disposi
tion of the other coplea In Sacramenta la
not known here. From the indications
many of them ultimately found their way
to the second-nand bookstores, and the
shrewd book men are reaping a bonanza.
This Is not a new feature of the Mining:
Bureau reports. They have been sold for
years at a profit In the second-hand book
stores—sometimes at $5 a volume, though
they cost the book men nothing.
Scarcity of Copies of Publication
Opens - Door to Speculation at
? Cost of the Pros
pectors.
Sell Petroleum Bulletins of
Mining Burtau and
Make Money.
BOOK MEN FIND
A OIL BONANZA
THE, SAN FRANCISCO CALL,: SATURDAY, MARCH 9, 19O1.
It Is Expected That About Twenty-Four Steam Vessels,
Schooners and Barkentines WillBe Added to_Jhe
List of San Francisco Owned Vessels Before June Next
SHIPYARDS ALONG THE COAST
ARE WORKING NIGHT AND DAY
THE SCHOONERS MINDORO AND KONA, NOW BUILDING BY HAY & WRIGHT FOR SANDERS & KIRTCHMAN
AND HIND, ROLPH~& CO. THE MINDORO WILL. BE PAINTED BLACK. BUT THE KONA WILL WEAR A
PURE WHITE DRESS. . ¦ X, :
You.
9
Moon rises...... 10:2S P. m.
O Time • Time I Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
p H W L. "W H W L W
T7T. 1:42 £1 8:00 1.0 2:41 4.2 7:43 3.3
10 ... 2:06 6.1 8:47 1.0 8:38 4.0 8:21 2.«
11 ... 2:43 5.0 9:40 > O.S 4:45 3.9 9:11 2.9
12 ... 8:26 5.0 10:40 0.8 5:57 4.0 10:12 3.1
IS ... 4:19 5.0 11:41 0.7 7:03 4.1 11:31 3.2
14 ... 5:21 4.J 12:40 0.5 8:00 4.4
L W H W L. W H W
13 ... 0:44 3.0 6:34 5.0 1:34 0.3 8:43 4.7
Steamer. f
From.
I
Dne.
U
Grace Dollar.. (Grays Harbor (Mar. 9
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... I Mar. i
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Mar. 9
Coqullle River. Grays HarDor jMar. 10"
Queen San Diego Mar". 10
Iienita Newport Mar 10
Australia Tahiti ...". Mar. 10
Eureka.... Humboldt Mar. 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 11
Profcreso Tacoma Mar. 11
Chico Tlllamook Bay Mar" 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar* I*
Hyades Seattle Mar. 12
Leclanaw Seattle Mar. 12
Tit&nla Xannimo Mar. 12
Pomona Humboldt Mar! 12
Newport I'annma & 'Way Ports. Mar* 12
Kmpire Coos Bay Mar 12
Argo Coqullle River Mar V
Arcata Coos Bay Mar! 1J
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Mar. 13
Marlpcsa Honolulu Mar. 13
Corona Newport Mar" 1$
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Port Marl 13
"Washtenaw Tacoma Mar 13
Nome City San Diego Mar' IS
Root. Dollar... Seattle Mar 13
Point Arena... Point Arena*. Mar' 14
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar! 14
TV. H. Kruger.. Tillamook Bay Mar 14
Mandalay Coqullle River Mar 14
Arjryle New York via Panama Mar' 13
City of Peking. Chica and Japan Mar. 15
Steamer. I
Destination.
ISalU.i Pl«r.
~ : : 1 •» i
March O. |
Acme Tlllamook Bay ....13 ml Pier 13
v e *£ u i? V Grays Harbor SjmPter 2
North Fork.. Humboldt » am Pier J
A r£ ttta Coon Bay 13 m Pier 13
£ if » Portld & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 20
Pomona....... Humboldt tpmPleri
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Po.nt Arena.. Po | nt Ar«na 2 pm Pier 3
. Mnrch 1O.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
March 11.
San Pedro.... Humboldt ........... 10 am Pier 2
March 12.
Eureka IlnmboMt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Konita. ....... Newport 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 m Pier S
• Mnrch 13.
Australia Tahiti 4 pm Pier 7
Queen San Dieso 9 am Pier 11
G'aw Dollar. Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pler-13 I
March 11. 1
Columbia Antorla & Portland 11 am|Pler 24
Rainier Seattle" & N. What. 10 amIPIer 2
Arfto... . .. Ccxiullle River 4 pmlPier 2
Nome City.... Humboldt 10 am Pier —
March 13. | |
Amer. Maru. China and Japan... | 1 pm| PMS3
Steamer. I
Destination.
ISalU.i Pl«r.
~ : : 1 •» i
March O. |
Acme Tlllamook Bay ....13 ml Pier 13
v e *£ u i? V Grays Harbor SjmPter 2
North Fork.. Humboldt » am Pier J
A r£ ttta Coon Bay 13 m Pier 13
£ if » Portld & Coos Bay 5 pm Pier 20
Pomona....... Humboldt tpmPleri
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Po.nt Arena.. Po | nt Ar«na 2 pm Pier 3
. Mnrch 1O.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego 9 am Pier 11
March 11.
San Pedro.... Humboldt ........... 10 am Pier 2
March 12.
Eureka IlnmboMt 9 am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Konita. ....... Newport 9 am Pier 11
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 m Pier S
• Mnrch 13.
Australia Tahiti 4 pm Pier 7
Queen San Dieso 9 am Pier 11
G'aw Dollar. Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pler-13 I
March 11. 1
Columbia Antorla & Portland 11 am|Pler 24
Rainier Seattle" & N. What. 10 amIPIer 2
Arfto... . .. Ccxiullle River 4 pmlPier 2
Nome City.... Humboldt 10 am Pier —
March 13. | |
Amer. Maru. China and Japan... | 1 pm| PMS3
Steamer. f
From.
I
Dne.
U
Grace Dollar.. (Grays Harbor (Mar. 9
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... I Mar. i
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Mar. 9
Coqullle River. Grays HarDor jMar. 10"
Queen San Diego Mar". 10
Iienita Newport Mar 10
Australia Tahiti ...". Mar. 10
Eureka.... Humboldt Mar. 19
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. 11
Profcreso Tacoma Mar. 11
Chico Tlllamook Bay Mar" 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar* I*
Hyades Seattle Mar. 12
Leclanaw Seattle Mar. 12
Tit&nla Xannimo Mar. 12
Pomona Humboldt Mar! 12
Newport I'annma & 'Way Ports. Mar* 12
Kmpire Coos Bay Mar 12
Argo Coqullle River Mar V
Arcata Coos Bay Mar! 1J
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Mar. 13
Marlpcsa Honolulu Mar. 13
Corona Newport Mar" 1$
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Port Marl 13
"Washtenaw Tacoma Mar 13
Nome City San Diego Mar' IS
Root. Dollar... Seattle Mar 13
Point Arena... Point Arena*. Mar' 14
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar! 14
TV. H. Kruger.. Tillamook Bay Mar 14
Mandalay Coqullle River Mar 14
Arjryle New York via Panama Mar' 13
City of Peking. Chica and Japan Mar. 15
Moon rises...... 10:2S P. m.
O Time • Time I Time Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
p H W L. "W H W L W
T7T. 1:42 £1 8:00 1.0 2:41 4.2 7:43 3.3
10 ... 2:06 6.1 8:47 1.0 8:38 4.0 8:21 2.«
11 ... 2:43 5.0 9:40 > O.S 4:45 3.9 9:11 2.9
12 ... 8:26 5.0 10:40 0.8 5:57 4.0 10:12 3.1
IS ... 4:19 5.0 11:41 0.7 7:03 4.1 11:31 3.2
14 ... 5:21 4.J 12:40 0.5 8:00 4.4
L W H W L. W H W
13 ... 0:44 3.0 6:34 5.0 1:34 0.3 8:43 4.7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Opening— Keith's — Opening
To-day at Keith's. Promenade all. .^ r ."_*
DEAR BROTHER:
The trial is over and old Dock Fogy (you kno-w, the old Pila
Quack Doctor) is adjudged incompetent. The following is the verdict:
SAN FRANCISCO. March 9, 1W1
VERUS PILE CURE CO.: i* ;
It is but Justice to say .that we had no remedy for Piles which we felt
warranted In recommending to our patrons until we beean the sale of YOl'R
•VERUS PILE CURri. which WE NOW UNHESITATINGLY INDORSE. W«s
highlv commend your effort in behalf of the retail dealer and believe every
druggist win do so. Yours, etc. J. S. POTTS DRUG CO.
MESSRS. WEBB & GREEN:
What have you to report rejiardlng our Verus Pile Cure?
PASADENA, Cal.. Jan. 4. 1301.
VERUS PILE CURE CO.:
Tho large quantity we have ordered and sold In the past few montha
surely is proof enough that we arc more than satisfied with your Pile Cure,
and also the universal verdict of our patrons, viz: "That It la a sure Cure
for any case of Piles."- Very truly, WEBB & GREE.N. Drusrstets.
VERUS PILE CURE CO.: OAKLAND, March 9. 1901.
Knowing the competency and Integrity of the gentieoian at the head of
the Verus Pile Cure Co. for more than twenty years, we are not surprised tha.t
you are able to. and are offering to suffering; humanity THE ONLY RELIA-
BLE CURE FOR PILES on ttaft market. We think Druggists are safe In your
hands. -• ¦ , OSGOOD BROS.
VERUS PILE CURE CO.:
For the benefit oi our brother druggists we must say OUR EXPERI-
ENCE WITH YOUR VERUS PILE CURE IS SATISFACTORY. Beginning:
with but one dozen four months ago, we now order one gross. No failures
to cure have been reported. WE CONSCIENTIOUSLY RECOMMEND IT.
- ELLINGTON DRUG CO..
. . -Wholesale and 'Retail Druggists. Los Angeles, Cal.
COFFEE HITS HARD.
Almost Killed a California Girl.
A young lady in California had a re-
markable experience with coffee drinking.
The details are most interesting to any
cr.e who even suspects that coffee Is dam-
aging to the heaith. She says: "I drank
coffee from a child, and a few years ago
xny health begran to break down, every-
thfrig I ate or drank distressed me, and I
eettled into a chronic form of dyspepsia,
fiocompanled with a headache every
morning, and was very irritable most of
the time. I could not sleep without tak-
ing a fleering draught. While at first the
pains in ¦ my etomach were slight, they
kept prowing worse, until finally the most
v.holesome food and drink would cause
intense agony, and a few minutes after
eating I would have to throw everything
up. My doctor had been telling me for
some time that coffee was hurting me,
but I did not believe it was true, for I
f aw many people drink coffee and thought
I could.
"Of course, in- this condition I could not
t-jptain xny flesh and strength, and I lout
in weight from 185 pounds down to 90
pounds, and became a perfect skeleton,
starving to death in a land of plenty. I
was confined to my bed and dying b>-
inches. The doctor told me there was no
chance of my ever getting well, as my
Ftomnch was worn out.
"•They had begun to wonder how many
mere days I would live. One day a lady
friend called and told how wonderfully
she had been helped out of stomach
trouble and headaches by leaving off cof-
fee and udng Postum Food Coffee and
Grape-Nuts Food. She went right to
work end made me a nice cup of Postum
and prepared a little Grape-Nuts. I
dreaded the torture of taking anything
into my s-tomach. but she coaxed me to
take a spoonful of Postum and of Grape-
Nuts. To my great surprise, I found that
I did not have any pain to speak of in
my stomach, and the food actually stayed
down.
"Every one was completely mystified. In
a little time afterward I drank threo
spoonfuls of the Poetum and took a little
more of the Grape-Nuts, and that stayed
down and seemed to soothe my nerves
and give me a restful feeling.
"Soon aft*r the doctor came in and my
nurce told him that, for the first time in
three weeks, food had stayed on tho
stomach. He could hardly believe her. as"
he tjioueht death was very near. Then
he wanted to know what I Tiad been eat-
ing and drinking. He took home some of
the Grape-Nuts and Postum. The next
day he taSd there was no mystery about
it. as he had analyzed the samples and
s-aid he had found a pre-digested food,
tx.d one that would not hurt the stomach,
and the Postum was the most natural
drink he had ever seen. He said that it
did not excite the nerves as did coffee,
and that it was nourishing and built up
the pystem instead of tearing it down. Hq
had my nurse give me more of the Pos-
tum and Orape-Nuts and said there was
one chance in ten that my system might
be built up and my life be saved. -':"<.
"In less than a week's time I could
drink half a cup of Postum at once, and
how it did quiet my nerves and make me
feel like I was getting some strength.
"Six days after beginning Postum I
¦went to eleep the first time in two zndnths
without . taking a Bleeping draught. " So
etep by Etep 1 kept on Improving. The
headaches disappeared. My stomach be-
came stronger each day and I gained
steadily in weight.
"At the end of four months I felt like a.
new person, and had gained fifty pounds
in weight, could sleep well, eat plain food;
and. all in all. feel well and .strong again.
"My head is so clear that I can think
better than I ever could. I know, and all
of our friends know, that there Is not the
Elightest doubt but that I would be In my
grave to-day, but for Postum Food Coffee
and Grape-ICuts.
"You can publish this account if you
wish, but please enly use my. initials.';
Miss X. U-. Sebastopol, CaL Full name
and address given to those interested upon
application to the Postum Cereaf- Co.,
Ltd.. Battle Creek. Mich. ¦'- - r
POSTUM CEREAL.Bradstrcet's on Trade.
5*a7i Francisco Meat Market.
Quotations remain without change.
BEEF— 7©8c for Steers and «g"4c per lb for
cows. "O'.tf.O-.
VEAL — Large. 7@Sc; small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— "Wethers, 9010c; Ewes. 8%@3c per
pound. <
LAMB— Yearlings. 10c per lb: Spring. 10<8i:^c
per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. CVic for small and «%c
for medium and 6c for large; stock Hogs. 5Hc;
feeders, &Hc: dressed Hogs. 8®9',4c.
General Merchandise.
.'NETvr iTORKj, March S.— Bradstreet' s Finan
cial Review to-morrow will say: Although not
a little strength was shown In the movement
of prices, speculation has been Irregular in Its
tendencies through the week. The so-called
steel deal has been the topic which received the
preatest amount of attention In Wall street,
but the greatest amount of interest in the mat
ter took the form of a discussion of Its form
and rrobable effects rather than any marked
disposition to operate cither !n the shares of
the United States Steel corporation or those of
Its prospective constituent companies. The ac
tivity of the market. In fact, waa shown in
other parts of the list and was of a somewhat
diversified kind. Railroad chares, headed by
Pennsylvania and other standard stocks came
in for a good share of attention, and the
strength and advances in this quarter contrib
uted toward the upward movements which took
place in Union Pacific. Atchlson and the Pacific
securities. The Grangers also had their share
of attention, Burlington being a strong feature
on reports of a deal of some kind, and efforts
were made apparently to revive the Interest in
the anthracite shares, though they were checked
by the fear that labor troubles In the coal re
gion are apprehended. Various specialties also
asFumed prominence, the,, most conspicuous
movement of this kind being in Amalgamated
Copper shares, which rose from 93 at the close
of last week to 103% on reports as to the con
per mining and legislative situation In Mon
tana, where the company's chief Interests ate
centered.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. March f.~ There was a very
animated speculation in a few of the mo*t
prt-rr.lnont lnduptrials In the market to-day
an<l ncrne large operations in one or two rall
r'M<\ Ftockf. The day's activities were much
rongr^ted In «h" quarters Indicated. Trading
In the general \\n was, in faot. pmall and
r«th*>r unimiv.rtant. and the movement in
l<rlce* was nluggifb. The number of issues
<*«"alt in. however, continues very large, owing
mant rlao-*« in the lift for an adjustment of
values to the rhanped level in the active list.
The rroeptiven*^* in the speculative mind to
onytbing In the nature of a eugg«»»tion of con
srilidatii n or « merger brings a quick renponse
11 anv manipulation In these minor properties.
But the purely f t>eculatlve movement in the
mercurial industrials was the leading charac
teristic of to-day's market. Sugar and Amala
m»t*^l Copper were mojrt prominent In th*
<!e«lingK. There wae mrae evidence of a specu
lative contPFt betw^rn the friends of the two
rtrxfcs. very large dealings In which were for
Boston account. Sugar sold ex dividend of Hi
per cent, and was not long In recovering that
•mount. Later It was lifted over 4 points on
very lsrse dealings, with accompanying ru
morfi ..f nn adjustment of trade rivalries. In
frmff drawn from the large increase shown
hv the statement of the company made In
Maffiachufetts In the amounts of the Invest
ment*, in the other companies held the advance.
Amalcamated Copper rose at one time 2H on
•pcount of the adjournment of the Montana
L^giy'.ature. which was taken as averting the
probability of hostile measures, but in the
late dr-Ti'.lr.K* the ctock slumped under a flood
cf oflerinir* 4V4 points to below S8, closing
with a net loss of £3*. The market was weak
all around at the opening on a continuation
"f yesterday"* realizing movement. Union Pa
''lf.c rxir:ecte<!lv was carried down 1*4. The
larire buying cf ftocks checked the downward
vtidency and caused recoveries. Amnni tht
notable ga'.nn made by individual stocks were
Purl'.r.rton J'i. St. Louis and San Francisco
?*i. Ft. Txjul»- and Ban Francisco etvond pre
f*rre<l 5*4 . Rio Gmnde 'V»'«'Ftern 2»». Cheea
poske and Ohio ?. Pressed Ste^l Car 2 l A. N>w
Tork Air Brake 7. Consolidated Gas 4. Brook-
Ivn Union Gai« 3Vfe. Olucoee and Pullman 2\.
Tee r** *"*f^rrod 3 sin^ the local tractions, except
Jlcnnattan. frcm 2'4 to 3Vi. An active realiz
ing movement In the afternoon carried all of
those down from the l»e*t. the reaction In fun*
<-aw* retiring from 1 to over 2 points. The
market h«il commenced to rally when' the an
n"un«-tre«t ut the Increase In the Southern
Railway dividend Induced profit-taklne In
thorp stvks. and the violent break In Amalga
ri.itf.i Co'ij-^r coming In addition made the
olosir.x active nnd easy. The steel stocki< nin
tltiuc! nerl^cted. an for several days part. Th»
tt.<-.:it market remained rather eafy. although
tht> In^i'-Btlons are fcr a weak bank statement
to-morrnT-.
The raiiread ry.nd market ccntinues quite
o^t!'* »r,i1 th» movement of price* was Ir
r*»g«Isr. Total i5aI<Hi. |>ar vaJu«?. J4,I70,O'i0.
i:n:tcd Ftate-s fli-es advanced U I>er cent on the
leet call.
N'KTV YORK STOCK I-IST.
f?r,ar*« CIoMtis
Sold. FtncVi"— ' Bid.
TK.Vn Atrhitson 57
TI.T'f Atrhlson prefJ SI
?.JM naltiirre * Ohio KZ»
?nr, Cans-liar Pacific, cx-dlv W
tOO.Ca^iia Southern £7 '
- .
Business was quiet ca th» morning session
of the Bond Exchange and there were no
marked fluctuations. Oceanic sold at $36$34 73.
A good business was done In the oil stocks.
Hanford sold from {102 down to $35. Home from
SI 15 to $4 and Reed frcra Sic to 63c. Monta
Cristo sold up to J2 -J".
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FniPAY, March 8—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask.i CM. Art.
4a coupon 114 114V49 cp (new)...m 13S4
4s reg 113 113H.is coupon 110*4— .
• MISCELLANEOUS. BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO3*;W3 Oak W Co Ss. — 100^
Cal-st Cab 6s..ll«i — Oceanic SS Ss.lO5HlC*i
C C Water 5s. — 109 Om C R ««.... — 130
.EL4P 6S...12SH133H Pac O Imp 4s. — looti
F & Cl Ry 6s.ll2Va — Pk & Cl R 6ji.1O5 —
Geary-st R 6s. — — P&OR 6».. — —
Haw C 5V4s...lO8»i — Powll-st R 6s. 150 —
Haw C 5s..... 105^ — S K O & R 5s. — 9S*i
L A R R 5s.. .111k — S F & SJV 53.1204 —
L A L Co 6s.. — — S R of Cal ««.110 —
Do gntd «s.. — 104 S P R of A «a.U2HU3
Do gntd 5s.. 10O — |S P C 6» (1305.
L, A P R R 5s.l01^102ti Series A>....110U — •
Markt-st C 6s. — 127 | Do(Serles B) — 112
Do 1st c 5s..l20»im Do (1306) - in
N C N G R 7s. — llitj Do (1912) 122*1-^
N R of Cal «s. — 114% SPClrtic Sa.lCS^ —
N R of Cal 5S.120U — 'B P Br R 6s...l3H,133'i
N P C R R 69.IOIH — is V Water 6s.lL!>* —
N P C R R 3s.lOSUlCS% S V Water 4s.. — 104
N C R R 3s.U0»ilMi Do 3d mtsr.-.K^ii —
O O L & II os.113 — 5tktn G & E «sl00 —
Oak Tr Co 6a.US 117
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 63'i 1 Spring Valley. 91'$ 31*i
Marln County. 53% — |
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... S 4 |Pac Lt Co 43 —
Equit Gas 3^i" 3?i Sac E G A R. — 40
Mut Elec Lt.. — SI, S F O 4 E.... 47H —
O G L & II... SO — San Francisco ih 44
Pac Oas Imp.. — 45 iStktn O & E.. — 11
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.233 240 (
BANK STOCKS.
Ang!o-Cal 77 — Lon P & A. ...14* —
Bank of Cal.. 4094411 Mer Ex (liq).. 1« —
Cal Safe Dep..l0GH — F National.. — 12S
1st X of S F.. — 312V1
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1330 1300 ISav & Loan...— —
Humboldt — — Security 273 —
Mutual 50 — I Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U 513 . — i
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornla-st .. — 110 |OSL& H.... Hi —
Geary-st 47'i — Presidio 23 3C&
Market-st 49U — i
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con '. — S3 IViportt 1 j«j
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... 7\ S^JKIlauea riU '»';
Haw Com — 87^i Makawelt 43^ 44
Honokaa 33 — lOnomea 29V S0«:
Hutch S P 23% XVPaauhau 34 —
¦^CHICAGO, March S.— At the opening the
situation looked bearish. Liverpool reflected
the slump here yesterday. Argentine ship
ments were liberal and Northwest receipts con
siderably larger than tney were the same day
last week. The weathsr was mild and moist,
but at this season of the year prospects of a
freeze 'may be taken as almost assured, hence
the weather. If anything, was bullish. This
had some influence in holding the market at
the beginning, although one bull leader and
a handful of followers were compelled to con
test the field against the great majority of the
pit; May opened a shade lower to Vk@U<: higher
at 75c to 75%!ji73^4c. The meager crowd of de
fenders of the price were swept away by
force of numbers and the market was poundeil
down to ~\%<(iH%c. The decline caught stop
orders under 75c, all of which assisted the mar
ket along on the downward path. Corn at thl.«
period developed considerable strength. Shorts
began to cover on belt<.*r export movement and
the market rallied to "u^c and closed hie
higher at 75Vlfo75%c.
Corn was moderately active and generally
steady even when wheat was at Us worst. May
closed H@%c higher at 41c- ¦ , •
Oats were more active than for some time.
It was strong In sympathy with corn. May
closed H@»^c higher at 25@25V»c.
In the provision pit May pork was .the ad
mired object of speculators, especially of
shorts. The market for this product opened 5c
higher and was bid up sharply, closing 37>,ic
over yesterday. Lard closed 2Vi@5c higher and
ribs 5(57%c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
At tides. Open. Illsh. Low. Close
Wheat No. 2—
! March 73H 73*i 73«i 73%
April 74H 74% 73Ti 74%
May 75«,i 74% 73** 75^
Corn No. 2—
March .... .'... 30%
May 40'4 41<4 40H 41
Oats No. 2—
March 2»U 24*4 24 24'i
May 24?k 23^ 24% 25^
Mess Pork, per barrel —
March - 14 73
Mny 14 57Vi 14 90 14 67»,4 14 90
Lard, per 100 puunils —
March 7 {J2tf
May ,...757>4 7 GO 7 65 7 57^
September 7 70 7 72V4 7 70 7 72Va
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
March ..." 7 20
May 7 22'^ 7 27H 7 22>J 7 25
September 7 35 7 33 7 32>4 7 35
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour, dull.
No. 3 spring Wheat. 67V4@73c: No. 2 red, 74'cP
76c. No. 2 Corn. 39(?i39Vic;. No. 2 yellow, Z'jty
39ViC No. 2 Oats, 25©25%c; No. 2 white, 2S«
29o; No. 3 white, 26%S27ftc. No. 2 Rye, 62Hc
Good feeding Barley. 45c; fair to choice malt
ing. 51ffJ56c. No. 1 Flaxeeed." $1 55; No. 1 North
western. $1 56. Prime Timothy Seed, $4 40. Mesa
Pork, per barrel, $14 7o@14 SO. Lard, per 100
pounds, ?7 50®7 62'/£.- Short Ribs sides, loose,
$7 15@7 35. Dry salted Shoulders, boxpd.fi*;©
6%c. - Short Clear sides, boxed, $7 55@7 75.
A\ htsky. basis of high wines, $1 27. Clover, con
tract grade. $10 73. ~-
Artlcles— . Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30,000 40,000
Wheat, bushels 58,000 80.000
Corn, bushels .............".. 332,000 303,000
Oats, bushels? T 265.000 I 248.000*
Rye. bushels 2,000- Jt.OCO
Barley, bushels .....22,000 • , 3,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
EASTERN MARKETS.
SO.tOO Chesapeake & Ohio 45%
4.::00 Chicago Great Western 20U
Tl.ioO Chicago Burlington & Qulncy 149
S.100 Chicago Ind & Louisville 32**
2.0U0 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd 71V»
3,900 Chicago A: Eastern Illinois IO&14
. Chicago & Northwestern 172V4
*.<JO0 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific 124»i
1.000 C C c & St Louis 75»i
1,200 Colorado Southern 9U
1U0 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 44
Colorado Southern I'd prefd lS*i
2,500 Delaware & Hudson 165'j
200 Delaware Lack & Western 193
l,<>00 Denver & Kio Grande 3S'i
100 Denver & Klo Grande prefd S7'i
1.20) Erie 27» 4
1.W0 Krie 1st prefd tS5>4
200 Great Northern prefd 19»
roo Hocking Coal lo\~
C.ITM Hocking Valley &1S
],2<)0 Illinois Central 131
300 Iowa Central 27
200 Iowa Central prefd 53
Lake Erie «£ Western 41
Lake Krie ac Western prefd Ill
Lake hhore 210Vi
13.31V Louisville & Na.--hville K3-S.
2,'.«00 Manhattan L ll'J'i
LM.Otv Metrojwlitan Street Railway 16-'>? 4
™.UfcO Mexican Central 17*s
2W) Minneapolis & St Louis • 76ij
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 1CS
3.2oO Mlsyour: Pacific Sa s i
100 Mobile & Ohio, truft SO',
l.W-K) Missouri Kansas &. Texas 20> ?
1S.3U0 Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 54^i
. New Jersey Central 155*«
1,900 New Ycrk Central 144
lo.UOO Norfolk & Western ii>%
Norfolk & Western prefd S3
S.IOO Northern Pacific S4V,
1.2tO Northern Pat-lflc prefd 87 T s
3,000 Ontario & Western 31\
Oregon .Hallway t Nav 47
Oregon Railway & Nav prefd 76
11.4CO Pennsylvania 131S
3.Cf«) Reading 31%
5,(*0 Reading 1st prefd 7Hi
4.700 Reading 2d prefd 41 ! 's
Rio Grande Western 65
5M) Rio Grande Western prefd 93*i
lS.CuO St Louis & San Francisco 40*»
3?0 8t I.. .;ils & San Fran IK prefd « l s
S.CU) St I^ouis & fc'an Fran :d prefd 6jH
4,600 St Louis Southwestern V
7.2"0 S^t I^>ul3 Southwestern prefd T^ s i
17.7M t=t Paul l."3 ',»
100 Pt Paul i>refd 1M
St Paul tic Omaha 125
13.1W Southern Pacific 4» T i
14.10fi Southern Railway 23"«
$.3i.i> Southern Railway prefd 7£'»
7C4 Texas & Pacitic ZS\, I
C7.40O Union Pacific SOVi
1.2fl0 I'nlon Pacific prefd Si
1.000 Wahash 17*i
8.4W Wahash prefd 11%
600 Wheeling & Like Erie 14'j
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 31%
1,600 Wisconsin Central lS's
I'M) Third Avenue 121
2/-00 Baltimore & Ohio prefd S2
3'*) Natioi al Tub-j 56
100 National Tube prefd 101 4
Express companies —
Adams 155
American 1ST
United States Wz
Wells-F«rgo 137
Miscellaneous —
2.700 American Cottcn Oil 21ri
American Cotton Oil prefd S5
American Malting 13'i
10O Amorlc-in Malting prefd 25
2.200 American Smelting & Refln 54 l i
LOW American Smelting & Refln prefd... 34
American Spirits V.i
American Spirits prefd 17
COO Aricrlcan Steel Hoop ZCA t
TWi American Steel Hoop prefd Sl'i
l.r-00 American Steel & Wire 3S%
lOfi American Steel & Wire prefd SM5H
1.2O) Americnn Tin Plate 61%
Zr<0 American Tin Plate 101
20,900 American Tobacco llS*i
American Tobacco prefd 146
2.2>X> Anaconda Mining Co 46-i
4:,1'1O Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7S'i
5oO Olnrado Fuel & Iron 4.V4
4.440 Continental Tobacco 46»i
l.MK) O.ntinental Tobacco prefd lOI'j
l.'too Federal Ste«l 43^,
2,700 Federal Steel prefd 83
1.2WI General Electric 2HVi
Wb Glucose Supar 4Si /4
100 Glurc«e Sugar prefd 94
I.4.'') International Paper 22^i
1.2C0 International Paper prefd 74'^
30O Lnclede Gas S0=»
1.6O0 Natlor.al Biscuit SJ'.i
100 National Biscuit prefd 91
9)0 National Lead lJVt
100 Naticnil Leai jirefd S6 1 -,
MO National Steel 4n?»
•00 National Steel prefd 1*12
600 New York Air Brake l«>
North American To
300 Pacific Coast £,2
Pacific Coast 1st prefd f.S
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
Pacific Mall 35
14.600 People's Gas 107%
1,100 Pi-etsei Steel Car 3l> 4
300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 72%
2.7<V> Pullman Palace Car 20S
100 Standard Rope & Twine 3',i
131.200 Sugar 111%
li» Sugar prefd 121
12.C60 Tennessee Coal & Iron ,*3ft
600 I'nlted fetates Leather 12V,
300 United States Leather prefd 74> 4
400 United States Rubber ». is 7 *
United States Rubber prefd 6KV4
2,100 Western Union g$
42.4^0 Amalgamated Copper 9s
4,700 Republic Iron & Steel Co lC*i
- £00 Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd 68
P C C & St Louis 53
904,li.<0 Shares sold.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days...... — $4 S3>4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S»?i
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight...... — J2' /2
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce — 60T4
Mexican Dollars, nominal 50 Q £1
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The markets all over the world
were inactive and featureless.
Chicago opened firm but quiet and primary
receipts continued large, contrary tq expecta
tions. A good many holders liquidated on
this account and the feeling became weak,
though bidding by Armour tended to check
the decline. Minneapolis reported an ex
pected Increase of 150,000 bushels for the
week, though the demand for Flour was good
and the millers were good buyers of cash
Wheat. The strength of Corn served to help
the Wheat bulls. Argentine shipments for
the week were 1,603,000 bushels, against 3,23:!,
000 for the same week last year.
This market showed more activity on call
at about previous prices.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95c: milling. 97%c@
}1 D2& per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o" clock— December—
14,006 ctls. $1 02%: 80OO. *t 02%: 4000. $1 03; 2000,
$1 03%. May— 14,000. 97%c; 14.W0, S7%c.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, |1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 4300 ctls,
97&ic; MOO, 97!4c; 4000, 97Hc; December— 2000,
Afternoon Session— May— 12,000 ctls. 97^ic:
10,000, 97Hc. December— $1 03U: 6000, $1 03}».
BARLEY— There is no change, some dealers
reporting a good demand and others the re-
Feed, 724c for choice bright, 70@71Uc for No.
1 and 67%c for oft grades; Brewing and Ship
ping grades, 73®S0c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— <0O0 ctls, 67T4C.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, 70»ic. De
cember— 20U0 Ctls, 6SHc.
OATS— Conditions remain as heretofore
quoted. '"¦-''. '--•-
White $1 25(81 43; Surprise, nominal: Red.
il 25«1 40 for Feed and $1 35@1 45 for Seed;
Grayf nominal: Black, for Feed. $1 17%®1 20;
f6r PeM $1 25<fil 30 per ctl.
CORN— Offerings meet with little attention.
Yellow, $1 10®l 15; White, ?1 lOftl 15; East
ern mixed. $1 12& per ctl.
RYE— S2V4®85c per ctl.
BUCKWHKAT— Nominal.
Flour and, Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, , $3 230
$3 50, usual terms; j Bakers' Extras. J3 15@3 25;
Oregon," 12 75@2 85 per barrel for family and
J2 75(g3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers'. {2 75
®3.
MILLSTUFFS»-Prlces In sacks are as . fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: "Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
M«al, $2 SO; Rice Flour. $7; Corn Meal $2 75:
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $t 50; Hom
iny. $3 50iJf3 75; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. 13 50; Farina, t* 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 23: Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 10
y>7 00; In sacks, {5 75417 25; Pearl Barley, • fj;
Split Peas. ;5; Green Peas. J6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hby and Feedstu ffs.
The markets under this head continue tame
and quotations Bhow no change.
BRAN— S15@15 £0 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— »16 50®13 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. »16@16 50 per
ton;; Oilcake Meal at the mill. J25@26; jobbing,
526 10; Cocoanut Cake, J17@1S; Corn Meal, J23i{S
$25 50; Cracked Corn, $25 60©26; Mixed Feed.
*15!g 16. ¦
•HAY— Volunteer, $j@8: Wheat. S11&13: 'Wheat
and Oat. $9<gl2; Oat. »9# 11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. JSffiCS 50; Barley. J7 50©3 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35®47%c per bale.
Beans and' Seeds.
Dealers continue to quote a dull market.
UEANS^Baycs, $2 50(&2 73; Small White, J4 60
©4 90; Large White, »4@4 25; Pink; $2 U@2 33;
Red, $303 50; Blackeye, $3@3 23; Llmas. $5 60©
5 70:. Pea. cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, J3 75@4 per ctl. •
SEEDS— Brown- Mustard, nominal; ¦ Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, J2 C0<£f3: Canarv 3u.fl
3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa. 7H©8V4c for Califo"
niaand S&aVic.for Utah; Rape, 2®2V4c: llemu
3V4c: Timothy, 6%c, ¦ .
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. »2@2 50; Green. J2 700
3 per ctl; Blackeye. nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes ¦ and Onions show little variation.
NEW .TORK, March 8.— FLOUR.— Receipts,
10.585 bbls.; exports, 14,628 bbls. Tolerably
steady but dull at unchanged prices.
WHEAT— Receipts, 53,C00. Si>ot quiet . and
firm; Xo. 2 red. 80%c f. o. b. alloat: No. 2 red,
78%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Duluth, 87?4o f.
o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 91 %c f. o. b.
alloat. Options opened easy and declined under
weak cables leading to liquidation with the
decline at the greatest a matter of %c. Later
there was a complete rally on reports that sev
err.l cargoes pending f cr several days had been
worked for Lisbon. This led to brisk cover
ing, chiefly for the account of Western shorn.
Closed 'ic net higher: March clost-d, 79V«c;
May. 79Vk©7Sf?ic, closed 79»ic; July, 7SH@"!»V«c,
cloeed 79 1 4c
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL-^Qulet.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, easy: No. 7 Invoice. 7Uc
nominal; mild, quiet; Cordova, S'ff^Hc. Futures
closed barely steady, with prices 5 to 15 points
net lower. Sales reached 39, COO bags. Includ
ing: March, $6 05: May. $G 30; July, S6 40; Sep
tember, J6 50; October, $6 55, and December,
$6 60.
BUTTER— Receipts, E031 packages: firm;
fresh creamery. 17@22'/zc; factory, lliffloc.
ECiGS— Receipts, 10,813 packages. Barely
steady: Western at mark, 13U@14Vic; Southern
at mark. 13«ir£rl4'ic.
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples was quiet
and featureless to-day. Owing to the lack of
demand prices at the clcsj were more or less
normal. State common was quoted at 3%@4 1 ic;
prime. 4"i4|5c: choice. Vii<f}6c; fancy, 6@7c. Cal
ifornia dried fruits were inactive.
PRUNES— 2Vi"lj8Vic prr pound, as to size and
quality.
APHICOTS— Royal. 7?»®12c;- Moorpark. S!i
@15c
PEACHES— Peeled, 16<&18c; unpeeled, 8@10c.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW TORK. March $.— At the opening of
the cotton market to-day prices advanced 10@13
points on general buying, but particularly
among the shorts, owing to better cables from
Liverpool than expected. The March option
sold up to 8.50c: May, S.53c; July, 8.66c, and
August. 8.29c. The demand here was supplied
by commission-houses and the largest spot cot
ton interests were heavy sellers. This caused
a slump, and when later cables reported a loss
of all the early advance at Liverpool, with the
closing prices showing a net decline of about
1 point, there wan a break here to about last
night's prices. Thereafter the market followed
an irregular course. At the close the market
was very steady, with pi Ices showing a rise of
9® 15 points for the day.
.v. ji
Eggs are lower again and are about as cheap
as they ever get In this market. Butter and
Cheese are about a3 before.
Meats show no change of any.' consequence.
Coal, r*r ton—
Poultry also sells at last week's prices as a
rule. There is very little Game comln? in now.
The spring Vegetables are steadily Increasing
In supply, and prices are correspondingly d^
cllning.
The Fruit market shows little change. Most
of the . Oranses are In bad condition, being
frostbitten and more or less decayed. Fin»
Apples are scarce.
Cannel J @:2 c« Somhfield
Wellington.. <gu Otfj Wellington — -fill P0
Settle 9 00<3 ICoos Bay.... — -© 7 10
Dairy Produce, etc.—
Butter, choice, sq.33'340 Common Enf...]T4»
po. good 30<S>— iKanch Kggs. per
Pickled 302K, dozen .^.13217',
Tub. per lb Co- Honey Comb, per
Cheese-, Cal 12t?15i pound i;©;o
Cheese, Eastern. .17*j2>) Do, extracted 10'ul'*
Cheese. Swiss 20fi-33
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 60S:3'Duck». each COtTO
loung Roosters. • Geese, each...Jl JCtfl 73
«ach n&w Pigeons, pair 40f?;i<>
Old Roosters. ea-.50»<V1i Rabbits. palr utrfr—
Fryers, each K@73;Hare. each — -g?O
Broilers, each SOitftkjwjld Geeae. palr.5&'a»0
Turkeys, per lb...lTf20[
Meats; i>er lb —
Bacon loClS'Round Steak lot?— ?
Beef, choice 12^15 Sirloin Steak.... 12 1 -'8>—
Do, good m@— I Tenderloin, do U®—
Corned Beef 10®— t Porterhouse, do.. 20<?—
Ham 12trl3 Smoked Beef —fn~.
Lard — <Q\T. Pork, salt IZtil*
Mutton l*«f1»|Pork Chora l.MfflS
Lamb — @ 13, Pork Sausages.. UVf^w
Pork, fresh 15«f>— 'Veal U®U
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds 13'g20 Limes, per do«^ —^15
Apples '. 5« S Lemons, do* 15,^23
Bananas, doz 25<@3<> Raisins, cer lb — 'd —
Oranges, doz lJSJo Walnuts, i*r lb..l3(8'20
Vegetables —
Asparagus, per lb.l3£20 Peppers, per lb Z0® —
Artichokes, doz. ..33*f30 Potatoes. Der Id., fit —
Beets, doz 1>W — ! New do 6*» —
Beans, whi.te, Ib-.U^jRhubarb. per lb.. S@18
Colored, per lb.. 10^— | Sweet Potatoes, lb 3© —
Dried Lima. lb.. 6# Si Parsnips, ser dz.VXS—
Cabbage, each 30— Radishes. da bchs.l5®20
Cauliflowers, each 5W - ! Sajre. doz bnchs..2.=;i?*.%0
i Celery, head o®— | Strins Beans. lb.-13<SS>
Press, doz bnchJ.LWPV Summer Squash,
Cucumbers, doz.J15O'03j per lb 13@2i>
Egg Plant, lb — <g23i Sprout3. per lb 6@ 3
Green Peas, lb Stjl3' Spinach, per lb... 5tp—
Lettuce. ix»r do«..lS*rifii Thyme, per lb 25 / S3O
Onions, per lb.... 5® 6;TTirnips. per do*..10ifl> —
Okra. dried, lb....— 4*33 i Tomatoes, per lb. 10-gll
Fish-
Barracuda — <&— [Shad gtfio
Carp 8<S10iStriped Bass 12V4SJ—
Catfish 1214®—! Sea Baaa —©15
Codfish 12^15 Smelts 15®—
Flounders 8S10I Soles 10®—
Halibut HWfl5j Skates, each 8S13
Herrinit .««— Tomcod — @lft
Klnsrfish 9-a— Turbot 25**_
Mackerel — ® — Clams, Kallon ...50<a>^
Do. Horse — «— Do. hardshell, lb sail
Perch 10^12 Crabs, each 12is#—
Pomplno — @— Do. softshe!l.dz.4(Va-
Rcckflsh KH®— Mussels, quart.... 5-310
Salmon, fresh 18®2O Oysters. Cal. 10O..4O<Sr.oi
Do. smoked lJifMO Do. Eastern, dz.23®lO
Shrimps S@riO
Family Retail Market.
NEW YORK. March 8.— The following table,
complied by Bradstreet. uhows the bank clear
inss at all principal cities for the week ending
March 7, with the percentage of increase and !
decrease, as compared with the corresponding '
week last year:
Percentage.
Cities — Amount. Inc. Dec.
Now York »1,567,173,94S 51.0
Hoston 141.C19.836 13.8
l"hlcnKV> 161.C51.S22 13.5 ....
Philadelphia 102,114,nfi<l 11.4 ....
St. Ixmis 3n.3n4.7113 4.1 ....
lMttsliurs 41,706.100 ¦ 45.2 i
Baltimore 2»,14S,e.12 3.3 !
Shh Francisco t 24,149,994 16.1 i
Cincinnati 20.294,Sf"O 24.9
Kansas City 16.13S.5S9 32. i .... '
New Orleans H,23S.sn4 S.2 j
Minneapolis 9,078.032 C.4 I
Detroit j <t.293,n,"i 7.5 ....
Cleveland 13,3.">:> 5C4 23.3 ....
Louisville 10.378.461 21.8 ....
Providence 7.741.300 45.9 ....
Milwaukee 6.561. r/S S.7 ....
St. I'aui 5.106,306 21.6 ....
Huffrilo 5,419.203 ID. 3
Omaha 7.091.C50 13.0 ' ..
Indianapolis 7.69R.1C6 37.4 ....
<"olun»tius, 0 6.152.600 16.2
Eavatmah 3,?8l,S32 .... 30.3
l>onver 4.834. SIX 5.5 .... I
Hartford 2.963.978 3.3 .... I
niehmond 4.1C3.S2S 6.3 '
Memphis 3.217.467 25.4 I
Washington 2.S17.407 D.2 ,
IVorla 2.656,563 35. S .... I
Rochester 2,337,D6S ..:. 7.0:
New Haven 1.471.507 11.2 .... '
Worc^fler ;... 1.407.211 1.0 ....
Atlanta ;.201.441 12. «
Salt I^akp City 2,3!17.162 9.2 ....
Springfield. Mass 11O17.64S 14.7 ....
Tcrt Worth 2.709.CG6 93.0 ....
Portlar'l. Me l.iOS.9S6 17.3 ....
Portland. Or 2.243.929 10.3 ....
St. Joseph 4,368.32* 15.1 ....
Los Anpcles : 3.495.135 53.8 I
Norfolk 1.SM.744 2.7
Syracuse 1.460,963 37.8
!><?« Moines 2.493.S56 41.8 ....
Nashville 1.44J.462 R.5
WilmlnKton. Del 1,055,303 17.7
Fall River 702.175 .... 22.9
.Scrnnton 1.516. 73S 35.8
Grand Rapids 1.261.1*2 2.7 „..
Augusta, <Ja 1.414.922 24 *•
Lowell . r 60.S7» 3rt »
Dayton. 0 1.199.163 3.2 ....
Peattle 2.354.. r ,fi7 10.4
Tacoma 1.947.9S.". 19.3 ....
Spokane 1.063.CS6 5.4 ....
t- - iou^ City 1,491.910 SS.4
New Bedford 3S7.636 21.3
Knoxville. T<;nn ».. . SRS>.5-i2 37.0 .. .
Toprka V 1.3.'^.6ni ]».7
Mirmlneham 1.12S.fi23 40 8
Wichita 3!"U7S .... '....
Illnehamton 449 100 197
Lexington. Ky 704.491 11.9 ....
Jacksonville, Fla 345,605 23.6
Kalamazoo 401,072 22.2
-Akron 3S4.W0 16 7
Chattanoopa 44^.9f>2 5 3
UockfoTri. Ill 2H6.641
• 'anton. 0 3.i1,fi00 41; j
SpringfleM. O J57.073 10.8 ....
Fargo. N. D 33O.Cf:6 14.5
Ploux Falls. N. D 211,49.1 .is. 8
Fremont, Nebr 232. C23 10 4
1>avenport 1.K49.142 25.0 ' ..
Toledo 2.297. 452
Galveston S.i2».ooo '$.'0 "'.'
Houston 6.10R.93J u\*
Colorado Pprlnsrs 979.700
TIflona 832.309 43!2 ".'."
little Rock 16S.S7S 40 1
Macon. Ga < 720,000 19.6
Evansville R.M.947 . 1 4
Springfield. Ill 513.982 ....
Vounestown. 0 3ri1.4S0 .. is i
Wheeling, W. Va 699,719 .... ..*.
Totals. U. S J2.S21.427.CS7 37J0 ~
Totals outside of New
Vork 754.253.139 13.8
DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $16,163,271 •>"> 9
Toronto 11.915.71S 3a!8 '.'.'.'
Winnipeg 2,143,911 20.9
Halifax 1.6f!G.21S 7.5
Hamilton : 917 WiO 19 7
St. John. N. B 734.492 24.1 '.'"
Victoria 577.174 .... •> •>
Vancouver 720,942 '.['.'. i!i
Totals $34,781,233 24.6 777T
Bank Clearings.
New Procedure in Bank Checks.
It Is rrp^ripd that ?h«* bank* !n the Call
fcrr.ia i<arkors" Association will hereafter cseh
oaoh cth»-:«' checks rn ha.v. Francisco at par. j
this inrovati; n b»lis ma<!c to obviate the
uecerf'.ty of tenUing money by postal and ex
pr<"6* mosfy orrferf. This applies to checks not
r-xceecMng ££. It is cvi*ct»d that this will be
rn Improvement iu the transmission pf money
:n this coin State.
7~lic Wool Trade.
Jacob WoIIr.er's circular aays: "The woo! ;
rr.arkets of the world for the past sixteen j
n:ontr:"= have lioen a }ii:2ile to every one and i
there is none to be four.d among growers, I
Fi-'.len- <r manufacturers who can solve the ¦
Baste. With the country more pmsjwrous than !
it hfF been for a century, with i^eople all em- ,
rli>ed and nt pood r.-;tges. farming produce, .
*itlt the cxc^fition of i»-roa!s meeting a good !
df-ir.and at goixi prices, and the country not :
IWTWItfi.lU'd with manufactured gocis. still
woo! is dull and dr.'i>iied fronj 7» to SO |>er !
c<-nt in Euroj>e and fr'-ni 3"' to 40 per cent In ;
thf United States in the past fifteen months.
I. will not try to sol.e the puzzle, but give
the actual Hate of th<> n.arket.
"In BurafM the London tales will open next
Tuesday, the Xth ir..-:t.. and the forecast is. I
according to the sa'.e- fince the closing of I
the last I<ondon palps, that they will opes the !
tame a* at th»- dodag r.f the January nalee.
'In this country ttarre hai< been a great deal i
of wiw-l yelling during the month of February. J
but although manufacturers received good or- j
den for heavy-weight goods from week to week |
the market has lx*n wvcifL lower. With the j
r.<>w clip before the doer and with one year's '
¦apply <>f .Id v ... j Ja the hands of growers, j
dealers and manufacturers It d.~>es not wm to
me that m • 1 can gu much higher, although!
it is- below actual vrlvte. as with th? tariff j
t.n wool the Hverapre prict- of say XXX scoured !
wool has seldom t>een lost- than .'die jx?r pound,
which to-day polls for 3Sc to 4Oc. with other I
grades in :>n>iK^rtion. So we may look for a
fair tra.2<>. l>iu not wi:h hleh prtcts.
•'^hearing lias commrTtced in the San Joaquin 1
Valley, but nothing t.f cons»>iuence has come i
to this rr.arkot in the way of new wool."
Weather Report.
(l^h Meridian— Pacific Time).
PAN nUUCCISCO. March S— 5 p. m.
Thr foUowloc are seasonal rainfalls to date
as romrorrt with those of same date last sea
son, and rainfall in last twenty-four hours:
r-an rrarv-iseo <iata: Maximum tempera
ture, fit; minimum. EO; m^an. ~J>.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure- has ris^n rapidly during the
past twenty-foot hours over the northwestern
porticn of the country. A disturbance.- or.
more Jlkfly. the western portion of a larger
f!iKturb:i.ni». overlUs the vallry of the Colo
rndo. Snow haw fallen ppnerally in Utah and
Northern Arizona. Heavy rain and a thunder
rt«mv is rpj-.ortpd at Phoenix. During the
last twenty-four hour? there has been a faU
of about 20 d*»frrreK in trrr.r*rature over Ari-
Z"na. Southern T'tah and Southern Nevada.
Fro^t warnings have b*>^n i^su^d for the
Fait River Valley. TV.e following maximum
wind velocities an* reported: Sacramento X
mik* per hour from the northwest. Fresno 2?
fr'-m Uta northwes-t, Vuxa 28 from the west
and WiniK-raur^a 2fi from the north.
rorecaft made at San Francisco for thirty
hours mdir.g midnight March 9:
Kortbem California— Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds in the valleys; westerly winds
on the ecast.
Southern "'alifornia— Fair Saturday; light
northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Saturday.
Utah— Fatr Saturday.
Arizona— Rain r-arly Saturday, with snow In
north«ni portion, rlr-arin* during the day;
much oolJor Saturday murnlmt. Almond* and
citrus fruit in the Salt Rl\-er Valley should
br protected.
Fan Fran-ixro ani vicinity— Fair Saturday:
Mirht njrthrrly wind*, changing to brirk west
erly. ALEXANDER JleADIE.
Forecast Official.
¦ ?
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref ?* reg 10ti%i N Y Central lsts..lO7U
U K ref 2s coup. .105*4 N J Cent gen Ss.,.134
L" S 3« reg Ill N* Pacific 3s 71'4
O S 3s coup ill N Pacific 4s 105%
U S new 4s reg.... 137*; N Y C & S L 4s..l(h ) »i
U S new 4s coup.. 137 H N & W con 4s....lO3>*
V S old 4s reg 113 Or Nav ists lit)'
U S old 4« coup. ..114 Or Nav 4s lf'4'A
U S 5s reg; 11H4 Or Fhort Line Cs..l2S
U S Ss coup 112^ Or Short L con 53.11<i
Diet of Col 3.65s.. .123 Heading Gen 4s... "IV.
Atchlson gen 4s. ..104 R G W lsta inr/i
Atchlson adj 4s.... B\t]S L & I M con 6s. 117
Canada So 2ds 107 S L & S F gen 6s.i:<H-'.
Oies & Ohio 41.4s. .100 1st Paul cons 1S4H
Ches & Ohio 5s....l20»;jS P C & P Ists liSM,
C & NW con 7s...WVf! t P C & P 6s.. l::
C & NWSFdeb 5s.ll8V,|So Pacific 4s ; s«3>;
Chgo Terminal 4s. 97'4 So Railway 5s 115*.
Colo Southern 4s... 8r, Stand R & T 6s . S-!
D & R G 4s IXK Tex & Pac lsts...HSU
Erie General 4s.... &€% Tex & Pac 2ds .V,
F W & D C Ists.. 86 Union Pacific 4s. .KW'-i
Gen Electr'.c 5s....i70 Wabash Ists lie
Iowa Central lsts.ilS'i Wabash 2ds 10)U
L A N rnl 4s 101 West Shore 4s 115U
M K & T 2<Js 7S-. Wis Cent Ists 88
M K & T it i'7»i Va Centuries 90%
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 1 Little Chief ...... 14
Alice 40 Ontario .'...7 75
Breeee 1 20iOphlr &¦
JJrunuwlok Con " i'3 Phoenix OS
Comhtock Tunnel. . f>5 j PotoFl 32
Con Cal & Va 1 r-o; Savage 06
J>adwocd Terra.... * SOjSlerra Nevada 2'.
Horn Silver 1 lOJSmall Hoi>es 6>
Iron Silver 6f-iStandard 3 85
Leadvllle Con (6 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS. "
Money— Union Land 414
Call loan* 2\!,6A Wen End 9
Time loans 3Vj© I Westlngh Elec C9
Stocks — Bonds
AtchiHon 57 Atchison 4s loiij
do '..n-fd 81',. N K G & Coke 5s.. CS
Am Sugar 141\ Mining shares-
Am Telephone.' 160«^ Adventure . 1214
liuston A Albany. 253 Blngham ....; 21
noeton Elevated... 170 Amalg Copper"!"" 98 '
Uoston & Maine. ..194 Atlantic 33
C « & Q 149 Boston & Mont. ...3.16
Dom Coal 3M/s|Butte & Boston... S6
d.jprefd 110 Calumet & Hecla..fc33
Fed Steel 43%|i>ntennlal 24V4
do prefd *v JFranklln -»2'i
Titchburg prefd... 143Vt! Humboldt ?5
Gen Elcc ¦ 215 ' Osceola .,...%,.., " si .
do preM -. 190 Parrot [52
E<1 Eiec 111 H*> Qulncy !!l70
M« Cent ..' 17',i Santa Fe Copper 7<i
X U'O & CoUe 12 Tamarack "343
Old Colony ..208 Utah Mining ; 3414
Rubber ISVi Wlnona ov
Union Pacific S»OW Wolverines 63
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, March S.— Money on call steady
where It Is being utilized It Is reported very
satisfactory. Still there will always be a •lf
mand for about l.JCO.OOO tons of coal in Cal.
ftrnia for domestic, steamer and gas uses,
I'nless the price of oil shall seriously d?clln».
This is very questionable, as the.preient rail
road freight on oil from Kern and Fresno
ccuntles is equal to $1 ft) per ton on coal, and
they show no disposition to modify the same.
The carrier at present receives more than th«
producer. Contracts are being drawn for lib
eral supplies of oil for the Hawaiian Islands,
to be transported by tank steamers, at prices
which will save the consumer equal to $2 p*r
ton less .than they are now paying for coal.
There are at present seventy-nine vessels et»
routs and chartered to load coal from Aus
tralia for the islands. This will give an Idea
of the magnitude of this trade." .
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Reflnins Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.25c; Powdered. 5.83c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c; Dry Granulated. 5.73c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Magnolia A. 5.33c: Extra C,
6.23c: Golden C. 5.13c: barrels. lCc more; half
barrels. 25c more; boxes. SOc more; 50-lb bags.
10c more. No orders taken for less than IS
barrels or its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels, 8.50c; boxes, 8.75c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR FRIDAY. MARCH t
Flour, qr sks 4,264] Hay. tons j?9
Wheat, ctls SCO; Wool, bales $4
Barley, ctls 6,770 i Leather, rolls.... 14»
Oats, ctls l,2:oi Wine, gals 77,ino
Potatoes, sks 4.2S1Llme. bbls 637
Onions, eks 37, Quicksilver, fisks 67
Bran, sks 1.8CO; Tallow, ctla 249
Middlings, ska.... 6>"0 Pelts, bdls 8.V)
Hop?, bales 53 Hides. No 772
Straw, tons 16
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 7.723 Bran, ska 3,400
Oats, Ctls 370!
NEW YORK, March S.— R. G. Dun & Co.'b
Weekly Review or Trade to-morrow will say:
Little change was developed this week in the
condition of general business. The ground re
cently gained seemed to be held without diffi
culty with a good distribution of merchandise
by jobbers in most directions and, with entire
absence of speculative activity. There has been
a lurther decline in cotton, which does not help
the goods market, still the most backward and
disappointing of all . the great Industries, but
in mechanical lines the progress being made
is noteworthy. Building materials, including
lumber, are in especially urgent demand and
dealers who can deliver stock have no diffi
culty in securing advanced prices. In this, un
like most other Ilne3 of business, the Eaat
leads the country and Just at this season It Is
of particular significance. Collections are re
ported good all through the West and are bet
ter than usual at the South.
Conditions in iron and steel begin to assume
an appearance similar to that of 1S99. Prices
have moved up rapidly since the upturn was
made and bids at current rates for distant Je
llvery ! are often refused. Manufacturers are
unanimously representing a great demand for
domestic consumption, while export contracts
for finished forms are still taken in competition
with declining foreign markets.
Footwear Is steady at former prices, . and
while- sales have decreased somewhat, factories
arc assured of activity lor a month or more.
There Is good demand for low-priced heavy
goods from Southern Jobbers, but many West
ern buyers have not placed their usual con
tracts as yet. The local jobbing trade has im
proved and city wholesalers have liberal orders
from country retailers. Large contracts ha\;e
been placed with Western manufacturers, wno
report conditions satisfactory.
Textile fabrics exhibit a little animation, al
though the markets are still far from a satis
factory position. Two large failures In wool
occurred abroad and three Vermont concerns
were forced to suspend. Sales of wool at the
three chief Eastern markets decreased nearly
3.000,000 pounds, compared with the previous
week's business, but this a favorable symptom,
as excessive operations of late were due to
forced sales at lower prices.
Wheat Is in abundant supply with quotations
well above last year's, owing to reports of the
Hcsflan fly, which promises to be unusually
troublesome, while weather conditions nre rIpo
threatening. " Atlantic exports of wheat, .flour
Included, were 2,477.990 bushels for the week,
against 1.7S1.S95 bushels a year ago, while corn
exports were 2.337,432 bushels, against 2,183,21$
bushels In 1900. Heavy supplies of coffee at
last prevailed over manipulation and prices de
clined.
Failures far the week were 20S In the United
State?, against 2C5 last year and 26 in Canada
against S3 last year.
1 - ¦ '- *
Dun's Review of Trade.
Silver a fraction off. Xo variation in Exchange.
Wheat and Barley remain without change.
Oats. Corn and Rye inactive at previous prices.
Beans and Seeds dull and featureless.
Potatoes and Onions in amp!: supply and weak.
J 'cgciciNe market well stocked.
Xo change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Poultry and Game about as before quoted.
Hay and Feedstuff s in fair demand.
Oranges continue in bad condition. ' Lemons and Limes firm.
Provisions featureless and dull.
Meat market stands as before.
Light trading in local stocks and bonds.
NEW YORK, March (.—The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business was extremely Idle on the Stock Ex
change here to-day, stocks hanging heavy In
the belief, which is growing, that the budget
soon to be announced will resolve Itself Into
a l>ig Issue of ccnsoU. Since the taxpayer Is
already overstrained -lieie seems to bs no al
ternative. At the clnse Africans and Americans
become active and stronger on the report that a
seven days' armistice has been granted In the
Transvaal for peace :i-Kotiations. The Amer
ican department was slacked at first, like the
general list. There war slight selling pressure
In the early hours, to which Berlin contributed
with offers cf Ealtimori; and Ohio. The rally
In the afternoon was caused by buying ordei"s
from New York and the rumors of peace. The
bank has bought £10,000 gold In bars. Money
wan pretty hard. The bank is not repaying any
very large part of the -urn due the banks.
CLOSING
Atchlson. E814* Canadian Pacific, 9314 ; Union
Parific preferred. S7»4 : . Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 90; Grand Trunk. 7H; Anaconda. 9\4-
Rand mines. 42^. Bar silver, quiet, 28 l-16d
per ounce. Money, 3>i5?4 per cent. .
Condition of the Treasury,
WASHINGTON, Mnrch 8.— To-day"s state
ment of the treasury balances Ehows: Avail
able cash balance, $14S.&94.358; gold, $SC,753,751.
at 21i2'.i per cent. Prime mercantile paper.3<i
<fj» v ; per cent. Sterling exchange firm, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $1 S7% foi
demand and at $1 S4'V$t4 S4'4 for sixty days.
Ported rates. $4 &:©4 Soli and. $4 SS>*. Com
mercial bills, $4 S3:-it/-i S4. Silver certificates,
MH&63v. Bar silver, 60T»c. Mexicaji dollars,
49c.
Uonds— Government, ctrons; State, Irregular;
railroad, irregular.
London Market.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS;
is oCc a ton higher at Pittsburgh -'As an nx
ami'ilc of. the demand for crude steef it might
be noted that J3. advance on the pit nrices Is
paid Tor Bessemer billots and J4 21 advance for
basic open hearth billets for prompt delivery.'
finished products share- the strength and
plates arc bringing J2 a .ton above the scale,
while the rail, bar and structural mills are
well occur) ted. Iron ore prices probably will
be lixed to-day and opinion favors a quotation
of $1 i,0 per ton. against }5 iX) last year.
Wheat, including flour, shipments for the
wc?k aggregate •4,2i3,o2S bushels, against 5,233,
ol3 bushels last week. 4.20S.738 bushels in th*
corresponding werk of ll'OO. 4.29S.S21 in 1'89'J and
4.4S4,761 in isas. From July 1 to date this sea
son wheat exports are 1J8.677.675 bush<»K
against 13y.5S9.3iS bushels last season and 173,
114.6S0 In lbPs-99
t -Business failures In the United States for
tne'weok number 2C3 as a"galnst 177 last week,
1S9 in this week r year ago. 177 in 1S99, 247 in
IKtis and 277 In 1897. Canadian failures for the
w 'ee« number 33, acainst 2S last week, S3 in
thin week a year ago and 37 in 1339.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • May. ¦ July.
Opening 5 lUi 5 11%
Closing 5 11 5 lltt
PARIS. ; •
Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening 18 55 19 So
Closing is 83 19 83
• Flour-^-
Openlng 23 93 25 30
Closing 24 05 J5 30
Chicago Livestock Market,
CHICAGO. March 8.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2500. Generally steady, except canners 1 . lower.
Good to prime steers, $3 05@6 25; poor to
medium, {3 60<g5; stockers and feeders, $2 75®
4 60: cows, choice, steady, others weak, $2 4i
@4 CO; heifers, *2 65@4 40; canners, $1 75©2 50;
bulls, $2 6C(£M 25; calves, $4(g6 25; Texas fed
steers, $4®4 90; Texas grass steers, $3 35<&4;
Texas bulls, $2 50@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 18,000; to-morrow,
20.000; estimated lelt over, 2500; opened steady,
closing Ktrotig; top, $5 65; mixed and butchers',
$5 35&5 62 »4 :' good to choice heavy, $5 50<35 63;
rough heavy, $3 ZSQi 43; light, $3 35iS5 57^:
bulk of sales, $5 5C@5 57%.
.SHEEP— Receipts. 5000; sheep and lambs
steady to strong; good to choice wethers. $i 30®
4 85; fair to choice mixed. $4@4 40; Western
sheep, $4 30® 4 85; Texas sheep, $2 5003 75: na
tive lambs, $4 5005 25; Western lambs, $5fl3 25.
Nczv York Metal Market. .
NEW YORK. March 8.— The local market
for tin was again " depressed j and • somewhat
lower, as a result of the disappointing Infor
mation from abroad, large recent shipments
and the generally unfavorable statistical po
sition. The market starved weak. 10@20 points
lower, \ but later steadied on light local de
mand, closing steady with buyers at quota
tions; spot. $26 13@2G 25 and May, $25 50. In
London the close was weak at a loss of £1 2s
€d to £118 for spot and £114 5s on futures.
Locally copper was without Important change.
In < London, however, prices eased oft 2s 6d,
spot closing at £70 10s and futures at £71.
Lead and spelter were dull and quite feature
less at old prices, U 37%®3 S2*a and $3 97'4
respectively. American Iron markets were dull
and nominally unchangw.
PORTLAND, Or., March 8.— Clearings, $319,
194; balances, 154,031.
Portland's Business
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON
WASHINGTON
TACOMA, March S.— No change in Wheat;
Blue Stem, 07c; Club, 64%c.
PORTLAND, March 8.— In the local market
exporters experience considerable difficulty In
securing much Wheat on an export basis. The
usual quotation is 55V4c for Walla Walla, but
the mills are paying J£c to lc better.
Sal: of Sheepskins.
LONDON, March S.— The sheepskin sales
ended to-day with offerings of 109,400 skins, of
which 92,0£9 were sold. Competition was fair
and extra long-wooled were In good request.
Prices were par to 2>4 higher for shorn.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 3.— Consols, 96»i: silver,
2S 1-lCd; French rentes, 302f 35c. 'Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard California, 30s 3d; cargoes Walla
Walla, 28s l',i-d; English country markets,
quiet and steady.
LIVERPOOL. March 5.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
Standard California, fs 2Vjd5J6s 3d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; Hour In Paris, quiet; French
country markets, weak; weather in England,
showery. \
COTTON— Uplands, 5 l-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT-Spot, dull: No. 1 California, 6s
2>id; No. 2 red Western winter, 6s lid; No. 1
Northern spring, 63 2Vid. Futures, quiet;
March, 6s lid; July. f.s m;d.
CORN— Spot, quiet; American mixed, new,
2s S%d: do, old, 3s lid. Futures, quiet; March,
3s S'id; May. 3s fcl; July, "s 9« /B d.
Two cars of Oranges were auctioned. They
were in very bad condition, as will be in
ferred from the prices— 35@60c for choice
Navels and 23®55c for standard da A few
Lemons sold at $1 1G<@2 03.
Stocks of Oranges are considerably reduced
and consist chiefly of partially decayed fruit.
Fine sound Navels are scarce and firm. Lem
ons and Limes are In good demand at the
quotations. Supplies of Bananas are not
heavy and the market la firm.
UECIDl/OUS FRUITS
APPLES— 50£?75c per box for common. 90c@
$1 60 for good to choice and $1 73@2 for fancy.
PEAi'.S— 73ciS$l 80 per box and nominal.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 50c£$2;
Seedlings. 50c@$l: Tangerines. 7.>cau 50; Jap
anese Mandarins. WO-l 50; Lemons, $13120 for
common and $1 73®2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, 50c@$2; Mexican Limes, $7 50@S;
California Limes, nominal; Bananas, 75c@$l 50
per bunch for Island and $1 23®2 for New
Orleans; Pineapples, 75c@$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Apricots. 537c for Royals and S%®
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Appl.es. 4@3^c;
stin-dried, U4"g2%c: Peaches, 3®3Hc for stand
ard. 484^c for choice and 58«c for fancy;
Pears JU'c: Plums, pitted. 4@5c. unpltted, la
lHc: Nectarines. 5^5Vjc for red and aH@6c for
white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes, 3c: 30-40s, 7c*
iO-bOe. 6t«c; 50-CCs. 4»*c; 60-70s, 3^c; 70-SOs. 3«4c;
SO-90*, ?*ic: 90-lOOs. 2Uc; 100-12CS. l^jc; rubles.
Me premium: Sonomas, l&c and San Joaqulns
»-ic l«-!>s than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers" Association
has established the fotlowing prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie;
standard. lCc; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy. 10«.; c per
lb- choice, 9',ic; standard. 8?ic; prime, Sc; un
bleached Sultanas, 8c: Sejdless. 50-lb boxes.
6',ic; 4-crown. 7c: 3-crown, 6^ic; 2-crown, 6c!
Pacific brand. 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown. 5*ic. and
4-crown. 5".4c: seeded prices), fancjr. 18
ounce, 7c: 12-ounce. 5V4c: choice, 16-ounce, S^ic:
12-ounce, W*c; London Layers. 2-crown. 51 50
per box: 3-crown, $160: Fancy Clusters, |2; De
hesa. $2 E0; Imperial. $3. All prices f. o. b. at
common shipping points In California.
NUTS — Chestnuts. S®10c per 1b for Italian;
Walnuts, No. 1. - softsbell, 10c; No. 2. 7%c; No.
1 hardshell. 9^c: No. 2. 7c: Almonds. 12gl3c
for papershell. 9ffllc for softshell; Peanuts, 5©
6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. 13c: Filberts. 13c;
Pecnns ll©13c: Cocoanuts. $3 5C@5.
HONEY— Comb. 13<4@14c for brleht and 12H@
13c for light amber: water white extracted,
7Hc; light amber extracted, eHS^c; dark, 6@
6V*c per lb.
BEESWAX-24S26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues dull at unchanged
quotations.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 11®H%C per lb for
heavy. 11HS12C for light medium. 12Viipl3c for
light, 13@14c for extra light and 15@15Uc for
svrar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 12c;
Mess Beef. $12 per barrel: extra Mess. $13;
Family. Ji4, fine Pork. $15®15 50; extra
clear. $19 50g:0; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef. 13c
per pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6*4c per lb for
ermpound and 9Hc for pure: half-barrels, pure,
9*Sc: 10-lb tins. 10>4c: 5-lb tins, lOHc.
COTTOLKXE — One half-barrel. 8«ie: three
half-barrels, . 8c; one tierce. 1%c; two tierces,
¦7&c; five tierces, 7%c per lb.
Hides, Talloiv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culis and brands sell
obout lc under quotations. Heavy Salted steers,
9V4®10c; medium. 9c: light. S@S%c: Cow Hides,
8<4c for heavy and SWSHc for light; Stag*. 6®
6Hc: Salted Kip. 3c: Salted Veal. 9310c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 13H^16c; Culls. 13H914c:
Dry Kip, 15016c;. Dry Calf. 16<317c; cull* and
brands, 14©13c: Sheepskins, shearlings, ;OJi*Oc
each: short Wool. 30©i0c each; medium. «0<373c:
leng Wool. 75cigsi each: Hone Hides, salt. *2 50
©2 75 for largo and $2«?2 25 for medium. $1 2$
lor small and £0c for colts: Horse Hides, dry.
$1 75 for large. {1 50 for medium. 11 23 for small
and EOc for colts. Deersktns — Summer or red
skins, 33c; fall or medium skins. 30c: winter or
thin skins. 20c. Goatskins — Prime Angcras.
"fc; larg« and smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4'i©<7ic per lb;
No. 2. 4®4\4c; grease; 2?m4c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900— Humboldt and Mendo
elro. 15016c per lb: Northern, free. 13913c: do.
defective. J0<511c: Middle County, free. V>311c:
do. defective, 9® 10c; Southern, 12 month*. 89
Sc; Southern, free, 7 months, 7@10c: do, de
fective. 7 months. 7®8c; Oregon Valley, fine.
1j@16c; do, medium and coarse. 14ft 15c; Ore
gon Eastern, choice. 12®14c: do. fair to good.
Pflllc: Nevada. 10«?12c. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendocir.o, lHffl2c; Middle County and North
ern. 8(f?&c: San Joaquin, 708c.
HOPS-l»@20c per lb.
Poultry and Game.
Poultry continues In moderate supply and
steady. Game Is weak, with a decline in sev
eral descriptions.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, l'-Kgllc for Gob
blers* and 12@13c for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
12Vi$14c; Geese, per pair, $1 50@2; Goslings.
$2 30@3; Ducks, $4-33 for old and $6@7 for
young; Hens, $4@6; Young Roosters. $507;
old Koosters. $4&4 50; Fryers, $5 50@6; Broil
ers, $1 5005 for large and J3©4 for small;
Pigeons, $1 50 per dozen for old and $2 50^3
for Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese. $3: White Geese. 75CSS1;
Brant. $1 for small and $1 50 for large; Honkers.
MS4 50; English Snipe. $3; Jack Snip*. $1 50:
Hare. 73c© $1; Rabbits, $1®1 23 for Cottontail
and 73c for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Quotations continued undisturbed. Butter
and Cheese were quoted weak and Eggs
steady. The demand for Eggs continues very
good and keeps supplies down to a manageable
pc int. The Inquiry for Butter and Cheese is
merely fair.
Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 47,600 pounds of Butter, 1533 cases Eggs,
£170 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern Cheese.
BUTTEK—
Creamery — Extras, 17!£c; firsts, 15c: seconds.
14c
Dairy— Extras, 13c; firsts, 13c; seconds, 12c;
store, lie.
Storage — Creamery extras. : firsts. ;
seconds, ; dairy extras., .
IMckle. per pound.
Keg. per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9e: choice.
8c; common, nominal: Young Americas. 9%c;
Eastern, full cream, 13@16V4c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected Whit?, 12'.4c; mix
ed colors. HHc per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, llljc; standard,
lie: seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard. :
seconds, ¦
Storage— California fancy, ; standard, :
Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
Market was dull; Creameries. 15@21Hc; Dairies,
ll@13c. Cheese, dull. 10%(gll%c. Eggs, dull:
fresh. 12Hc. • * * ',* ~
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 9, 1901.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
STOCK MARKET.
BAGS— San Quentln Bag*. $5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 64S6Sc; local
make. 6Hc; Wool Bags. 30332%c: Fleece Twine.
"%c. •'.-'•¦/.'*,
COAL— "Wellington. 19 per ton: Southfield
Wellington. J9: Seattle. $7; Bryant, $7; Coos
Bay. $3 50; Wnllsend. T3: Co-operative Walls
end 10: Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; p.».nsylvanla Anthracite Egg. $U; Can
nel. J10 p*r.ten; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 In sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 43
pen 2CC0 pounds and IS 50 per ; ton, according
to Arand.
Harrison's circular says: During the week
there have been four arrivals or coal from
British Columbia. 10. 4«: tons: six from Wash
ington 19,425; "two from Oregon. 650; one from
Australia, 3S20; total. 34,237 tone. Notwith
standing the accident at the Comox colliery
the weekly deliveries' are all that the demand
calls' for. ¦ Contracts for later deliveries are
offered at shaded prices, as fuel oil Is putting
Ir, Its appearance as a disturbing element,
specially among our largest fuel consumers.
Its advent is being very sensibly felt, and
10
Bradstrect's Financial Review.
NEW YORK. March 8.— Bradstrcet's to-mor
row will ear:
Reports, as a whole, continue quite cheerful
Most l'.nea of 'distributive spring trade are '
active and the .leading: Industries are actively
employed. Soft snots are still In evidence in
the textile Industries, particularly in cot
ton roods. »nd raw cotton has again saeeiM
heavily. The cereals, too, lack snap and
dairy products are weaker. When this Is said
however, about all that Is unfavorable has
been enumerated.
The season of winter wheat crOD scares Is
now approaching, but the market Is dull, nar
row and irregular. Speculation is almost nil
Corn has weakened but slightly on better
weather and bearish statistics of .farm reserves
issued and expected, l'ork an3 lard are higher
in sympathy with hogs, receipts of which are
light. Milder weather has lowered butter and
eggs. Wool In moving more freely and the
tone Ik more cheerful, apparently on th« Idea
that prices cannot well go much lower. Heavy
sole leather is in demand at all markets an*
talk of 40c for oak tanned comes from Bos
ton. .
Iron and eteel may probahly be described as
buoyant. Prices, of pictron are firmer as a
whale, despite smaller sales, and Bessemer pig
New York Grain and Produce.
both being: quiet and weak, with ample sup
plies. ¦ ¦ ¦ . , - l ¦
Asparagus • holds up. but Rhubarb >Is -lower.
Tomatoes arc very quiet: Supplies of Peas
are ample for all current needs.
Receipts were 314 boxes Asparagus. 337 boxes
Rhubarb and 60 sacks of Bay Peas.
POTATOES-Early Rose, 6o@33c: ' Burbanks.
Z0l@iZc for River and 50©3Cc for Oregon ; Garnet
Chiles from Oregon, 55®73c: Sweats, 60®S5c for
Merced; New Potatoes, 3®lc per lb.
ONIONS— *2 Ij®2 75 per ctl; Cut Onions,
50c Si SI SO per sack; Australians are jobbing at
5c- Green Cnlons, 33<840c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 3@5c: Asparagus,
13c for fancy, 10@12cfor No. 1 and 6tj9c per lb
for No 2; Grrcn Poas. 2<56c for Los Angles
and 4ff6c for Bay; String Beans. oifilOe: Cab
bage SWl 10: Tomatoes, Los Angeles. SOcigSl 25
per crate; from Mexico, 7:>c@$l 23 per crate;
Egp Plant. Los Angeles. 10«15c per lb; Green
Peppers, Los Angeles. lC©15c per lb for Chile
and 15c for Bell; Dried Peppers. 12@1S<:; Dry
Okra. 2Se p-r lb: Carrots. 25«35c per 'acn:
Hothouse Cucumbers, ioc@$l'75 per dnren;
Summer Squash. $101 25 per box; Garlic, i'QiVta
per \b; Marrowfat Squash, $33 per ton; Mush
rooms, 12}j@10c per lb.
Continued on Page Thirteen.
! This
| I-act
¦ freaaon.
I Season
I 2S.79
I 42.5S
1S.'«7
15.43
;;«;
18.04
- r.«
s.su
5.66
7.C4
•-¦<•..
5-2, 1
it ?n
I li.IO
8.53
! This
| I-act
¦ freaaon.
I Season
I 2S.79
I 42.5S
1S.'«7
15.43
;;«;
18.04
- r.«
s.su
5.66
7.C4
•-¦<•..
5-2, 1
it ?n
I li.IO
8.53
AUCTION SALES
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.,
517 MARKET ST.. opposite Battery.
TUESDAY, at 10 o'clock a. m.. March 12. 13CU
At salesrooms. 517 Market at.
$25,000 WORTH GOVERN-
MENT TENTS. ETc'.
By orcier of headquarters the following Gov-
ernment property direct from the Presidio:
3000 Tents; 2000 Duck Wagon Covers. Flys. etc.;
30 sets Double and Single Harness and Leads*.
Camp Tools: 3 Government Mules; S Army
Wngons. etc.
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.. Auctioneers.
NOTE— AH this tentagre Is nearly new. hav-
ing been used tut a. short time on the military
reservation of San Francisco. Goods will be
on Inspection with catalogue on sale. FriJay.
March 8. 1301.
C. E. DAVI3. Auctioneer.WASHINGTON. ' March 8.— Mr.. Payson.
representing Moran ¦ Bros, of Seattle, to
day signed ; at the Navy Department the
contract for the construction by that firrn
of the- battleship Nebraska,
Signs" Warship Contract.
TRUCKEE. March 8.— West-bound
freight No. 217. which left here thla even
ing, was derailed near Cisco, thirty miles
west of here, "at 10 o'clock to-night. The
train was rounding one of ;the many
curves on its way down the mountain
when a flange on one of the wheels of a
rear car broke, .throwing the car off -the
track against- the posts of the snow sheds.
It- badly damaged ¦ the ' sheds and tore up
considerable track. .The wrecking train
from here left for the scene of the wreck.
Traffic will be blocked for several hours.
No one was Injured. - .
Freight Train Derailed.
BOMBAY, March 8.— Maberlck, Sheik
of Koweyt, ,1s now master of Central
Arabia, according to the telegrams re
ceived by. . the Times of India, Sheik
Maberlck followed up • his victory over
IbuRashid's army by driving the defeat
ed army clear across Central Arabia,
seizing the city of . Nejd,
MABEBICK CONQUERS
HIS ARABIAN FOES
SMUGGLED CIGARS ON THE MEADE.—
Ou«om« Inspector Sackett eeized'4S0 cmugvled
cigar* on the Government transport Meade
yesterday.
WANTS HER FIANCE • BACK.— Chief Sul
livan received a letter yesterday from Miss
Clara Daws, 317 ¦ West - Lake street,'. Chicago.
Imploring him to' find her fiance. Willis T.
Smith, a traveling salesman. • who she be
lieved had come to this city and might have
n:et with a tragic end. He was ' In financial
trouble • when . he -left Chicago. , but the Chief
was requested to notify ¦ him that her fortune
of $30,000 was waiting him If he- would only
return to her. He Is 38 years of age, fair
complexion and of medium height.
GARDNER DRUNK IN COURT.— Charles E.
Gardner, former clerk to the Chief of Police In
Oakland/accused of embezzling $20. from his
employer. J. C. Amelung. a wine merchant. at
161 New Montgomery, street, appeared before
Judge Mogan yesterday in ! an intoxicated and
lolsterous condition. Attorney Bradley, who
represented Gardner, was so disgusted that he
retired .from the case and the Judge ordered
Gardner into custody on a charge of drunken
ness. - The - embezzlement • case was continued
until . to-day/^BSSKSBPSSHROCBB
BODY IDENTIFIED.— The body of the man
who was run over by a passenger train at Mill
brae Wednesday night was Identified to-day as*
that of Julius A. Gass of this city. The identi
fication was made by Theodore A. . Verhoevan.
who was formerly in the grocery business with
the deceased | at the corner of Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets. Gass hart been slightly ds
mented for «ome time. ¦ and disappeared from
bis home, «07 Chenery street, Tuesday. olght.
CLAIMS HE WA3 ROBBED.— J.' J. Roddy, a
visitor from the East, reported to Officer W.
W. Wilson that he had been robbed of a roll of
money containing $40 by a woman named May
Smith, alias May Mazle, yesterday afternoon.
The Easterner said he met the woman in a
saloon, and. while they were drlnkfn? In a room
over the saloon she cot away with his money.
The woman wa« arrested and charged with
petty larceny. * • ...
JOCKEY CLUB REINCORPORATES. - The
San Francisco Jockey Club filed amended i ar
ticles of Incorporation yesterday. The dlr*>ctors
are . XV. Randall Ellis. C. O. Poole, E. P.
O'Brien. William Angus and Wellington Gregg.
The capital stock Is $2,000,000, of which £00 has
been subscribed. -. ,;
APPEAL. IN MONTANA CASE DISMISSED.
—The United States Circuit Court of Appeals
>esterday dismissed the appeal in the case of
F. Augustus Helnze vs. Butte and Boston Con
solidated Mining Company of Montana.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
The ladles of the Secrnd Unitarian
Church are to hold a »-ummage cale at 212
Sixth street. The sale arfll commence this
raoming at 10 o'clock and continue
through next week, day and evening.
Great quantities erf furniture, crockery
end clothing will be deposed of. and a
rpecial feature of the rale for the ladies
ferflj be the trimmed hats and bonnets
With every dollar's we rth of poods pur
chased a premium will be Riven.
To Sold Enmmage Sale.
Frank Lee, residing at 214 Shotwcll
street, died at the City and County Hosp'.
tal yesterday. While descending the steps
leading from St. Rose's Church he fe'.l
and sustained a fracture of the skull, "-le
was taken to the hospital, but died before
regaining consciousness.
Killed by a Fall on Church Steps.
OAKLAND. March 8.— Manuel Rose, the
Bailor who is defenaaru in a. suit for.
maintenance begun by a woman calling
herself Mrs. Rose, has filed an answer
denying that he was < ver married to the
plaintiil. The case will be tried on Mon
day at the defendant's request, as he ia
booked to leave Tuesday on a whaling
voyage.
Mrs. Elizabeth Jones has begun suit for
divorce from Melville Jones on the ground
of desertion.
Judge Greene to-dar granted Mrs. Ma
tnle r . Eajncs a decree oi divorce froii
George W. Eamc-s on the ground of i»x.
treme cruelty. Th« decree awards tha
mother the custody of the minor chUd
•LTid $20 a month for : *"> support on condi
tion that Eames be allowed to visit it
when he desires -to do to.
Oakland Divorce R:cord.
• Barytone solo (selected), A. O. Glrard; xither
aud bow-zither duet <A. Jungman), Professor
anfl Mrs. Bachman; recitation (by request),
"How Ruby Played." Miss LydlA D. Jacob;
mandolin aolo. Chopin's Nocturne, -Op. 9,
Professor Adelsteln: vocal solo (selected). Miss
Xena Roberts; banjo «olo. Intermezzo "Caval
lerla Kusttcana," Professor Hastings; con
tralto solo (selected). Edith -Scott Basiford;
lute solo. "L^gende" (Delleplane), Professor
Adelsteln: recitation, "The Gum Swamp De
bate " Burr Caruth; tenor solo. "Dream of
I,tfe" (Devan), Walter B. Anthony. Thomaa
Nowlan, accompanist.
A musical and literary entertainment
was given last night at the Trlnltv Metn
odlst Church, corner of Market and Six
teenth streets, for the benefit of the
church hymnal fund. The music was es
pecially praiseworthy. At the conclusion
of the exercises refreshments were served.
The programme was as follows:
Hymnal Fund Entertainment.
Chicago Society Man and
Former Soubrette Ar
rive From Ogd«n.
Edward Ellis Hamlln, a young society
man of Chicago who married Miss Mabel
Hite, the soubrette of the "Telephono
ulrl," In . Ogden on March 3, after two
days' courtship, arrived on the overland
last night, accompanied by his pretty
wife. They are registered at the Palace
Hotel.
Hamlln says that they are out here to
spend their honeymoon and will pay a
visit to the southern i>art of the State be
fore they leave for the TSast. He claims
that hlB father Is Immensely rich and a
member of the firm cf Marshall Field &
Co.- of Chicago. He also says that Ma
parents are pleased that he is married
and that they will Bee that he and his
newly made bride are provided with a lib.
eral allowance.
•The courtship of Hamlln and Miss
Mabel Hite was most romantic. When
the "Telephone Girl"' company was play
ing at the Taber Theater In Denver Ham
lln fell in love with the fair soubrette thi»
moment she tripped out before the foot
lights. He threw a bouquet on the stage,
which • was gracefully acknowledged by
Miss Hite. At the close of the perform
ance the ever-to-be-found mutual friend
Introduced the couple. The company left
for Ogden the same night, followed by
Hamlin. They were married at the Ke>i
yon Hotel In, Ogden, a member of the
company, Steve Holllday, acting as bes;
man. ..
Hamlin was, so it is claimed, engaged
to | a Chicago young woman named , Lou
Martin, who followed nlm to Denver. He
also paid a great deal of attention to Miss
Maybelle Myers, a belle of Denver. Ham
lin has been married before, his first wife
being Miss Nancy Stutt of Chicago, from
whom he obtained a divorce. \
HAMLIN IS HERE
WITH HIS BRIDE
ple "With Musical Lecture.
At the Metropolitan Temple last even
ing a large house was royally entertained
by Father McLougblln. who gave his Il
lustrated musical lecture on the "Music
of Mother Church." The vast subject was
treated In a concise and eloquent fashion
and the polished diction and pleasing
voice of the speaker added much to the
charm of the evening's entertainment.
Beginning with the ftlstory of all har
mony, when the "Gloria In Excelsls," the
song of the children of Israel, as they
hung their harps In the willows, and the
song of the morning star and the winds
and waves were* stiil with God— who is
Himself the spirit of harmony— the lect
urer brought the subject of sacred music
down to present day classical church har
monies. From the plain chant of St.
Gregory to the "Hosanna" of Jules Gra
nlcr, both of which Father McLoughlln
sang In highly sympathetic fashion, he
showed the gradual and Inevitable pro
gress. In quaint and simple fashion the
lecturer told of the fears entertained by
Pope and Cardinal of that strange and
wicked instrument, the organ, which was
first Introduced, in the church service in
the fourteenth century. And he asks:
"Were not their fears perhaps justified?"
as he told of latterday church music as
he had heard It In Boston, New York and
Philadelphia, where the speaker had
heard "Juanlta" masquerading as an
"Ave Maria." "O promise me that you
will take my hand" as a wedding hymn,
and kindred anachronisms, of which the
only logical conclusion was an "Annie
Rooney" and "Just Tell Them That You
Saw Me" anthem by the choir. For the
glory of God. "Gloria In Excelsls," not for
the glorification of composer, organist or
choir, Is the sacred hymn, and only music
written, played and sung in such spirit
can appeal to the highest in man. With
a plea for congregational singing and a
delightful reading of Cardinal Newman's
beautiful hymn, "Lead, Kindly Light,"
the lecture was concluded.
Father McLoughlin Delights Large
Audience at Metropolitan Tem-
MELODIES OF MOTHER
CHURCH WAS HIS TTTF.TVTE
INTERNATIONAL
TRUST ARRANGED
OAKLAND. March 8.— The Muni
cipal League added novelty to Its
campaign to-night by illustrating
its closing meeting with stereop
• ticon views. The league held Its
meeting • in the Tabernacle and the
speeches were Interlarded with cartoons,
pictures of candidates and written state
ments of the issues of the campaign.
Carey Howard, president of the Munici
pal League, called the meeting to order,
and after appealing to all present to sup
port the Municipal League ticket on
Monday next introduced Warren Olney
as chairman for the evening. ¦,
"I understand the water question to be
the question of the campaign," said the
chairman. "I do not wish to be unjust
to the water company. I think It ought
to have a fair Income, but I believe the
people should rule the water company,
not that the water company should rule
the people, as It threatens to do."
Chairman Olney then began with the
head of the ticket and called upon all
the various candidates for short ad
dresses.
"We need good streets, we need a wa
ter front, we want more lights, but,
above all. we want pure water." said W.
G. Manuel, candidate for Mayor. "We
want water at a rate that •will be some
what reasonable to our taxpayers. The
Contra Costa Water Company gets an ex
orbitant rate of interest no,w on an In
flated valuation, and it is trying to estab
lish Its contentions by law. This city
could easily build a water works of Its
own for $2,000,000. For that sum it could
have everything to make the plant com
plete, including an elaborate distributing
system. Bonds could be Issued and In
Commercial Syndicates of
America and Germany
to Be Joined.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., March 8.— Edward
T. Tinker, formerly champion wing shot
of the world and a well-known hotel
keeper of Providence, died here to-day.
Edward T. Tinker.
BOSTON, March X. -The " Rev. ¦ Mark
Trafton, a " Methodise minister and ' for
merly a member of Congress -from Mas
sachusetts, died to-day aged 90 years. .
SAN JOSE. March 8.— William Buck
ley, a pioneer stage driver and, owner,
died to-day. He brought , the first stage
across the continent from St. Louis to
Salt Lake In 1847. Once wealthy, he died
practically a pauper. He leaves no
family.'
'.,' " -. ' * • . ¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ '
The Rev. Mark Trafton.
William Buckley.
HARRISBURG. Maich 8.— State Senator
Christopher L. Magoe of Pittsburg died
here to-day. His death was unexpected,
as it was believed that he was improving
in health, though ne had long been suf
fering from a cancerous affection. His
remains will be taken to Pittsburg to
morrow afternoon. Magee was born in
Pittsburg in 1818 arc at the time of his
death was 'the principal owner of the
Times of that city. •
Christopher L. Magee.
fCEW YORK, March 8.— A Sun special
from London says: The Dally Expr.esd
declares that an alliance Is Imminent be
tween American trusts and great commer
cial syndicates in Germany. A member
of the Manhelm-Brem^n Petroleum Stocx
Company, one of the German agencies of
the Standard .OH Company, and J. -Plor
pont Morgan are. according to the paper,
the moving spirits in the plan. It says
that Morgan will meet representatives of
the leading German syndicates at a con
ference In Berlin in April. This confer
ence has already been .irranged by cable.
The Express prints a statement made by
an unnamed American • millionaire, who,
it "ays has discussed a German-American
business union with the principals In both
countries. He savs: • •
"We do not fear England In America,
nor Germany. V>'e simply fear each other,
but the world is big enough for both na
tions 'and the rival trusts are going to
harmonize their Interests. Morgan will be
here in April. After he begins It will not
be long before an International cartel to
regulate prices and' products 'will 'be
formed. We do not fear England, because
her machinery is obsolete and her men are
spiritless and ground to a low level by
false unionism. America and Germany
are going to stand together and dominate
the world's politics of business. I think
that one day the industries of the entire
world will be syndicated."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
M. K. Miller. B. C. Cuvellier and othera
urged that the ticket be -voted from top
to bottom.
"The election of the Municipal League
ticket." said II. A. Powell, candidate for
School Director at large, "is a necessity.
The use of the name of a national party
in local politics is a detriment to the peo
ple of the city In which it Is used. It Is
a mistake to permit political managers to
thrust themselves into local affairs, where
our schools and people'3 Interests are con
cerned. What has 16 !.o 1 got to do with
this campaign so far as the water com
pany Is concerned? What has the consti
tution and the flag cot to do with our pur
chase of a municipal water works? How is
national party politics to assist the peo
ple of Oakland to fix water rates upon c
reasonable valuation? Any one who brings
his party In local affairs brings discord
and disunion into his city."
Felton Taylor, candidate for Treasurer,
eulogized his associates In the city gov
ernment.
George W. Dornln. candidate for Coun
cilman at largre. said that the course of
the water company in the courts and be
fore the Council furnished the people
with all the argument necessary for th'.s
campaign. He was not ordinarily opposed,
he said, to corporations, but he was op
posed to the Contra Costa Company for
Its conduct in this city. Water works in
private hands are a failure as compared
to the ownership of such necessities by
municipalities.
C. H. Daly: candidate for Councilman at
large, pledged hfmself to an honest and
businesslike administration of the office
he was a candidate for.
Criticizes Contra Costa.
forty years the plant would be ours, with
low water rates in the meantime."
WARREN OLNEY, WUO PRESIDED AT THE NOVEL MEETING OF THE
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE AND DELIVERED A SHORT ADDRESS TO THE
VOTERS OF OAKLAND.
Joseph D. Redding, Jefferson E. Doollt
tle and E. A. Wiltsee are charged by the
Gold Run Gravel Company . (Limited), in a
complaint which will probably be filed in
the Superior Court to-day with having
mulcted the plaintll? out of $90,000. It Is
alleged In the complaint that Reddin«
claimed to have paid $200,000 for the Gold
Run Consolidated Placer when in reality
be paid but $110,000, the defendants Do
little and Wiltsee sharing the difference
with him.
Reding as a director In the Gold Run
Company was authorized to make the
purchase. :
In May, 1S97, Redding came to California
for the purpose of completing the negoti
tions. It is charged that he entered Into
a conspiracy. with I>oolittle and Wiltsee to
defraud the company out of $90,000 and
that the terms of the conspiracy were
that Redding, In detfregard of his duty aa
agent, should falsely and fraudulently
represent to the company that the sum
actually paid for the property was $200,000.
Although the transaction took place in
18D7 the conspiracy according to the com
plaint was but recently discovered.
Mr.. Reddine. whose home Is in New
Yock, 13 In the city and declares there Is
no truth In the charges. He says:
"The only correct statement is that the
company bought the property and got a
good bargain. There \ras» no conspiracy.
The money was paid by checks and passed
through the banks In the regular course
of business. No conspiracy could have
been carried through under such condi
tions.
"Doolittle and Wiltsee were part owners
In the property and joined In making the
sale. Everything in the transaction was
clean, open and aboveboard.
Colonel Doolittle declares the suit ia
simply a piece o{ spite work.
"It is four years since the sale ¦was
made," said he last night, "and this is the
first complaint I have heard. No demand
has been made against me. and this suit
comes as a surprise. I got the property
together. Wiltsee took the bond on It and
Redding placed it on the market.
"Wiltsee and I got one-tenth of the
shares of the new company, which we di
vided. I also owned an interest in one of
the claims and got my pro rata for that.
The full amount of £40.000 was paid out."
J. D. Redding, J. E. Doolittle and E.
A. "Wiltsee the Men Against
Whom Charges of Alleged
Fratfd Are Made. -
Gold Run Placer Property
Is the Basis of Con
tention.:^ :-
SUE WELL-KNOWN
MEN FOR DAMAGES
The child's father notified the police,
who have searched the neighborhood in
vain for the negro, and finally had re
course to bloodhounds. The neighbors
have Joined in the hunt and threats of
lynching are freely made. Almost the en
tire police and detective forces have been
put to work on "the case, and every ave
nue of escape from the city is being care
fully rcuarded. The victim of the assault
is not considered in a dangerous condi
tion. . • • - j
DENVER, March 8.— At about 9 o'clock
to-night the 11-year-old daughter of Ed
ward D. Hegg, special officer for the Colo
rado and Southern Railway, was crimin
ally assaulted by an unknown negro with
in a etorie's throw of her home. Blood
hounds have been brought Into requisi
tion, though !t is^not certain they will
be able to take the scent. A lynching Is
probable If the brute is captured.
The Hegg family lives at 1310 West Col
fax avenue. The little girl had been to a
store in the neighborhood and had just
reached her gate when she was seized,
carried to a nearby vacant lot and bru
tally assaulted. She could only describe
her assailant as a roughly dressed negro
without a 1 b^aro*. Her hands and face
were smeared with coal dust, grease or
soot from the fellow's hands.
Brutal Negro's Life May Be
Taken by. Desperate
Mob in Denver.
HOUNDS HUNT
FOR A RUFFIAN
Seniors are such undergraduates as have
been promoted to candidacy for the Bach
elor's degree. The following named are
the members of the present senior class:
Hilda Abraham. Edgar William Alexander.
Jrwc-l Alexander, Annie Harriet Allen. Glenn
Loring Allen. 'Helen Louise Emilie A rents,
l.lizabeth Arlett.
Luclle H. Hai'.ey. Walter Burling Bakewell,
Harry Winter Handle. Minnie Beatrice Ban
i.on Florence Eunice , Barnard. George R. Bart
¦It-tt. Theobald Percy Bayer, Edwin Lawrence
Beck, 'Robert ltelchcr, Coniah Leigh Bigelow,
Jane's Clark Hlair. Ida Body, Jessie Hohall.
Walter Wadsivorth Bradley. ••Joseph Everett
I '-rand *Georpe Otto Brehm, J. Shirley Bright, t
Ilarley Parsent Brltt. *Ralph Stuart Browne,
I'rownle Brownell. Vivian Beatrice Bryan, |
Iranklin Inderwood Bugbee, Ella May Bun- j
r.eil. John Wlnchet Spencer Butler.
Cora Belle Campbell. Carl Laurence Carlson.
Taul Castelhun. Ethel Beavtr Catton. •Adrt
crne Ccrf, Lillian Gertrude Chace, Antoinette
i t'lemenee Chevret, Madeline Veronica Christy,
I.lanche Marie Clark, Amelia ' Ynez Coeke,
Charles Matthew Coleman, Walter Everett
ccr.liii, Mary Sara Cooper. Harry Louis Cor
r.ish. Edith Pearl Cox, Ralph Hamilton Cur-
Comelius Gecrge Dall. Ivan de Lashmutt.
Josephine Devlne, Lou Irene de To. Edward
.AuKuatus Dickson. George Nelson Didloti. Mar
faret Elizabeth licherty. Louis Fred Dreher,
•Benjamin Franklin Driver. Boutwell Dunlap,
Lillian May LMirkee.
Muriel Eastman, Elizabeth Eby. Guy Walton
nddy. Clarence William Edwards, "Leo Eloes
rer Jr.. Thoicas Henry Emerson, Claribel En-
MarparM Marie Fee, Grace Emilr Haxelton
r;s=!i. Ila'rh Talcott Fisher, Edward Thomas
I'crd. LUia Gertrude Forderer, Margaret For
t:cr Maude Malcolm Fraser. *Ahte Ltnscott
Frees*. Walter Nettleton Frick«t«id, Agnes
FriFius.
Edith Edna Gaddls. Inland I*aac Gale, Mary
Th<?re5a GaUapher. LouiSe Marguerite Garland,
Leonora Gautier. Mabel Emma GHson, Marcella
Catherine Glaxior. Isabel Blanchard Godin, Jo
seph Le Ccnte Goldsmith. Frank George Good
enow Arthur William Goodfrllow. Demetrius
Alexander Oordenker. Elisabeth Goyne. Ruby
Estelle Gracier. Ulrich Gran*. May Bess Graham,
Cecilia CVleste Granlce. May Ellncr A. Gray,
William Buckhout Greeley. Hephzlbah Eliza
beth Green. Laurence Lincoln Greene. Carlos
Parker Griffin, llelvin Scribner Griffiths. Mrs.
Eily Mahoney Grcwjean. Marcella Gunning,
Jciin Emanuel Gu^tafson.
Harvey Monroe Hall, E>nton Alvin Hammond,
••Car! Scphus Hansen. Fred Beckman Hart,
Richard Warren Harvey. Elias Marcus Hecht.
•Oar! Heinrich. Marcaret Frarces Hill. Cath
arine Hirstel, Sophia Adelaide Hobe. Jack Die
trich Hoffmann. Wesley Newcomb Hohfeld,
Anna Lucia Holmes. Harriet Hoppln, Frank
F.vans Howard. Florence Edna Hoyt. Anita
Giles Hubbard. Alice Orne Hunt. Corinne Hut
j ten.
Martha Adelaide IJams. Hattie. Handal Ja
cobs, May Belle Johnson. Katherine Courtenay
! Johnston. Clare Jones. *Myrtle Jeannette Jo
i Kph. Adol'.h Judell.
! Wlnthrop L*-i<-«>Fter Keep. Louise Kellogg.
I Mabel F.arle Kelney. Almira Jane Kelshaw,
F.dith Malwl Kendall. Lee Sylvester Kerfoot,
Oscar Frederick Kern. Frank Walter Kerns, j
Elizabeth KejFer. Rachel * Kurlandzik. Edith:
I Roeine Kurtz. "Edward Ger' art Kuster. ;
j lienjarr.in Overfl'M Lacejr. Frederick Lalst, )
Katharine Malcy Layne. Edwin Ralph Leach, i
1'aul I/fbenhaum. Elizabeth Elolse Ledgett,
Harley Marion Leete, Elisabeth Henrietta Lehr, i
Hueh McCnskry Love.
•Dolnref Elenteria Machado, Harry Ellis Ma
im, 'Al.-yeius Pan! ilallon. George Pcabody
j ManchTter. Mrs. Genevieve S. Manchester,
•Thomas Drurr.rrond Mansfield. Francis Free
man Marshall. F.thel Ger.evleve Mamon. Helen
Louise Martin. Stuart Galbralth Masters. 'Sam- \
; uel Philip Maybach. Martha Jane McDlll. Edna !
! Mar McK«, Lucius Dean McKinley. 'Margaret j
| McLeod. Nettie Meek. *Henry Clinton Melone,
; 'Marion Michener. Vlncenza Catherine Mil- j
I ledge, Mary Grace Miller, 'George Walter Mon- j
: roe, Florence Etta Montgomery. Ida Cornelia I
. Mood«y. Herbert Turbitt Moore, Stanley Moore. [
i Nathan Montgomery Moran. Anna Morgan, I
: James Alfred Morgan, Henry Dapgett Morse, i
j Ituby P.cse Morse, Horace Lankton Moulthrop,
1 Edna Murdock. .
Arthur Charles Kahl. Charlotte Elizabeth |
Xeale. Minna Helen Nelson. Oney McCutchan !
Nicely. 'Franklin Porter Nuttlngr.
j William Hcrrley Orrick. James Orland Os
| born, 'Vance Craigtniles Osmont, Edna Tulloch
I Owen.
Albert Wentworth Palmer. 'Clella Augusta
j P^ror.i. Gay Willis Parsons. Clara Christine
i Pit<er. Claude Wilson Place. Eva Powell.
] Maude Harriet Powell, .Edward Augustus
! Powers. Florence Mabel Preble, Caroline May
j Pulcifer.
Evelyn Marianne Ratcliff. Otto Paul Rathke.
' Ellen Kate Rea. Warren Vincent Richardson,
I.BataU* Grace Roblin. Eugene Wellington Ro
| land.
Evancellne Sal»*. Fannie May Sanborn, Wil
t liam Beaumont Schaw. *Kurt Schluss, Milton
i Harry Schwartz. Florence Margaret Scott.
Elizabeth Mitchell Seupham. Paul Selby
Charles Robert Sessions, Walter Samuel Ses-
Eions, William James Bhaw. Hiram Franklin
Fhfldon, Mary Southern Shreve, Paul Alnsley
Sinsheimer. Elizabeth Jackson Skinner. How
ard Dunbar Smith. John Stanislaus Snares,
i Richard Charles Soecht. Mr*. Marlon Cum
' mlr.es Stanley. Jesse Henry Steinhart, Robert
• Pettinrer Stepheneon. Theresa Viola Etoer,
. Fanny May. Strong.
Amy Tabrett. Taichl Tanabe. Irene Taylor,
j 'Olive Lord Taylor. Edith Grace Thatcher,
Helena Pearl Thomas. Mabel Wlnfred Thomas.
• ••Marcaretta Louise Thorr.ton, Edward Ingram
j Tltlow. Margaret Trolll. Richard Walton Tully,
•Grace Abbie Tyrrell, Mary Winifred Tyrrell.
i Amy Gertrude Van Deerlin. Lillian Claire
I Vernalovich. MoosheKh Vaygouny.
Elry Jay Wagor. Albert Marion Walsh. Anna
France* White. Howard Collins White. Louise
! Hincklcy Whitehead. Ellen Wllklneon. Mabel
i Lucinda Williams, 'Flora Wilson. Andrew Mc-
I Lellan Wolfenden. Miriam May Wollner, Alice
; Bowman Wrlrht.
j Otto Charles Zinns.
•Bachelor's degree conferred December 27.
1900.
••Candidates for degree of Ph.B.
BERKELEY. March S.-The number of
undergraduates at the University of Cali
fornia who have successfully attained se
nior standing this year is 256. This will rep
resent approximately the number of stu
dents who will graduate next May. It is
an increase of thirty-one over the last
graduating class and represents the larg
est number of students ever candidates
for degrees at one time.
Largest Body That Ever Attained a
Senior. Standing at the
University of Cali-.
fornia.
Two Hundred and Fifty-
Six Students in Gradua
.ing Class.
MANY SEEKING
COLLEGE DEGREES
TOO MUCH POKER
AND NO ALIMONY
Judge Sends Divorced Hus
band to Prison for
Contempt.
Son of Coroner Holland of Los An
geles Angers the Court
by Confessing His
i. Failings.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOS- ANGELES. March 8.— "It Is the
judgment of the court that you have been
spending your money In gambling and for
intoxicating liquors. You will pay a fine
of $25 for contempt and stand committed
to the County Jail until the. fine la paid at
the rate of $2 a day for each day of your
detention."
Judge York gave to Frank C. Holland,
the son of Coroner Holland, a jolt when
he pronounced this sentence. Holland had
been cited to show why he should not be
punished for contempt of the order of this
court to pay $23 a month to his divorced
wife, Mrs. Mabel M. Holland, as alimony.
With an air of injured innocence tho
young man had mounted the »<tand to ex
plain the condition ol his finances. Ho
made out a pretty good case at first. lie
said he had worked only a month and six
days at $50 a month since the decree was
granted to his wife on January 11. He ha 1
expended the money in payment of his
personal expenses.
"How have you been occupying your
time when not at work?" he was asked
by his wife's attorney.
"Sometimes I get Into a poker game," he
replied. "I never won more than $3 a day
and I lost part of the time."
"But your earnings from poker have
been of some account, have they not?"
"Well, I have won enough to support
myself," coolly responded the defendant.
Judge York was Indignant. Bailiff
Alden was directed to accompany the
young man to the bastile.
SAILORS ACCUSE
THEIR CAPTAIN
Coolness of the Second Mate Alona
Saves the County of Linlithgow
From Going to tha
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Tell a Thrilling Story of
Perils Undergone by
British Ship.
ASTORIA, March 8.— One of the most
thrilling stories of the sea, which havf*
been told. in this port in recent years. N
related by the men of the British ship
County of Linllthgrow, which reached
Astoria last night from. Kobe, Japan. For
more than seventy-two hours the vessel
lay on her bean ends, her spars burrted
in the sea. The captain and first officer.
the men assert, were speechless with ter
ror and upon the second mate, a youn.?
man of 26, devolved the task of saving th.«
ship and the twenty men aboard. Th»
men charge that Captain Stoark was In
toxicated when the disaster overtook thd
vessel, and six of them to-day left tha
ship, refusing to go to sea again with tha
skipper.
The story of the LJnlithgow'a tercibla
experience was told to Itie Call correa
pondent this evening by John Klebe, one
of the deserters. Klebe Is 43 years of age.
but Is still strong and vigorous and his
honest countenance left no doubt as to h'»
sincerity. His story follows:
Trouble Soon Begins.
We sailed f rim 2(ew " York for Kobe with
a cargo of oil and \%ere five months in making
the voyajfe. On the trip Captain Stoark dis
played woeful lack of seamanship and we lo»t
considerable canvas. The board9 which were
reed to hold the cargo " in place were sold .
to Japanese for firewood and when we came to
take on ballast we had practically no shit tin*
beards. The ballast was coarse sand, which
shifted easily, and forty-eight hours after !eav.
ing port our troubles commenced.
It was midnight on February 2 when all
hands were called on deck. A storm was
blowing, but the wind was not high enough
to cause the least bit of alarm aboard a well
regulated Vessel. The main lower topsail had
carried away and the captain became »o dis
cc ncerted that he ordered the fore lower top
pail and mlzzen lower topsail cut loose. When
hi gave orders to heave th^ vessel to she would
trough of th • sea. The ballast shifted and
the ihip went over on to her beam ends.
The men were forward ar the time, but
cravled aft for or>l«-r». They found the cap
tain in an Intoxicated condition and the first
officer so badly rattled that he could not fflvw
orders. The second mate was calm and in
structed us to go below. We could not it*t
down through the main hatch, but Vent
through the lazarette. The ballast was f.y-
Ing to starboard and the ship was golr.« fur
ther over every minute. Six of us went tnti>
the hold. We flm tore off the 'tween deck,
hatches, and u?lnp them as shifting boards,
began righting ballast.
No Best for the men.
Then followed the worst seventy-two hours I
ever experienced. The men worked night and
day, resting a few hours in every twenty-four.
The captain did not show up till the second
day. and even then did not want us to floor out
ballast, paying the vessel would be sunk so low
she would roll her ma.<ts out. Finally, how
ever, he consented to Oils, and we got the ship
en an even keel araln.
A fortnight later another storm came up. TTw
captain araln became rattled and ordered all
¦all In. Under bare poles the vessel was at tha
mercy of the seas and rolled about In a trough.
Fortunately the ballast held, else the ship
would have capsized.
During the first storm the men had only water
and* biscuits, and when we finally demanded,
food of s the captain he sent up a six-pound tia
of beef for sixteen men.
Klebe charges that on the second day
of the first storm he came on deck ani
found the captain hanging over tha
weather rail on the poop deck In a drunk
en stupor. He says he is utterly incap
able of handling the vessel and the men
fear he will drown them If they remain
aboard. Six of the crew will libel the ves
sel for wages.
CABINET MAY COME
WITH THE PRESIDENT
McKinley Will Start for California
• in May and Asks Official Fam
ily to Join Him. [
ME"W YORK, March S. — A special to tha
Press from' "Washington says: At xha
Cabinet meeting to-day the President told
his secretary that the t>tart for California
would be made during the first week In
May. He extended **n earnest invitation
to the whole Cabinet *o accompany him.
The purpose Is to mnke the Journey by
a leisurely itinerary: devoting perhaps six
weeks to the round trip, Including: th«
¦week or more spent in California. The re
turn Is to be by one of the northern route-*
with possibly a visit to Yellowstone Park,
which the President has been trying to
see for several years. : ..
Shoots a Negro.
SACRAMENTO. March 8.— A corre
spondent of the Record-Union writes from
Colfax. Placer County, that on "Wednes
day a colored man named Charles "War
ner living near .Iowa Hill, was shot twice
by ' an old man . named Henry Jackson.
The latter then robbed Warner's cabin of
$50 and a shotgun and fled. "Warner
dragged himself from his barn to his
cabin, where he lay wounded a day and
night before a neighbor found him. Jack
son is 70 years old. It is believed he is
insane.
BULGARIA MUST SEE
THAT ORDER PREVAILS
Oreat Powers of Europe Announce
SOLDIERS IN A KIOT
NEAR FORT SHERIDAN
They Will Tolerate No Disturb
ance of the Peace.
SOFIA, March 8.— Increasing apprehen
sion is felt in Bulgaria at the concentra
tion of Turkish troops on the Macedonian
frontier. It Is known that large quanti
ties of arms, and ammunition have been
secretly imported Into Kossovo, Uskuv
ami Monastir.
Two Russian officers who have toured
recently In Xorthern Macedonia left last
night for St. Petersburg. The Bulgarian
Government has received sharp reminders
from three of the great powers that it will
be held responsible for the preservation of
order In the border districts. Great anx
iety exists In Albania, which la in a state
of unusual ferment.
Two Hundred Infantrymen Stir Up
the Town of Highwood and
Clean Out Saloons.
CHICAGO, March 8.— Two hundred sol
diers of the Fifth Infantry^ stationed at
Port Sheridan, created a panic last -night
in' the little town of Highwood. which
adjoins the fort. The soldiers were on
leave and after visiting the saloons many
of them became drunk and lights were
numerous.
Frank Hughey, a private of Company
F, was terribly beaten in one of the
fights and is now in a serious condition.
Two saloons were wrecked and the resi
dents of the village were compelled to
keep off the streets. The Highwood au
thorities were unable to cope with the
soldiers. There was no trouble to-day or
to-night, however.
SEABI/ESV LIABILITIES
LESS THAN A MILLION
Assignee Is Still Busy With the
Books, but the Amount Is Fairly-
Estimated.
NEW YORK,. March 8.— Because of tha
many and diversified interests in which
Tries to Kill His Wife.
John E. Searles was engaged the work
of examining into his financial condition
involves much time and labor. It was ex
pected that a schedule showing assets and
liabilities would be given out to-day, but
Assignee Dwight stated this. was impos
sible. The general opinion- now is thac
Mr. Searles' liabilities will be under
11,000,000. _
STOCKTON. March 8.— H. J. Severns
of Modesto this evening stabbed hia wife
with a pocketknlfe at the Alta lodging
house. The blade narrowly missed the
jugular vein. He was slightly intoxi
cated and on joining his wife this after
noon he charged her with infidelity.
After the stabbing he was arrested and
it was found that his own neck had been
cut, but the long gashes had not struck
a vital spot. He refused to tell how the
wound was inflicted. Last May he wound
ed his wife with a shotgun in Modesto,
but claimed it was an accident. He was
not prosecuted for that shooting. ¦ _ .
The junior class met to-day and nom
inated for track captain W\ A. Powell
and A. D. Piaw. The election will be held
Tuesday.
The sophomore ela«.<= nominated the fol
lowing- to take charge of the Blue an-i
Gold r.ext year: tor editor. Earle C.
Anthony and Leslie M. Turner; for busi
ness manager, Charles Bailey and Carl
Cook. The election will be held Wednes
day. Anthony Is a graduate of the Los
Angeles High Schooi and a member of
the Phi Delta Theta fraternity. Turner
is a veteran of the Swinish-American wa.\
He is a clever contributor to the college
publications. Bailey it- a Theta Delta Chi
man and a prominent athlete. He is from
San Diego. Cook :s a graduate of the
Lowell High School, San Francisco.
Even down In th«» freshman class th".
Influence of the women has been felt.
That class ¦was trying to make arrange
ments for Bourdon to-day. The male
members wanted something startling to
happen on that day— something to be re
membered and where the chances of
punchirs a pnphnnwri 's face were excel
lent. T!i«? all-pervatiir.fc Influence of the
co-eds oppressed their plans until a mlid
rr.ajinficd freshman named R. Phillips
humbly suggested tiiat the festivitit-s of
¦the day consist of \». pink tea and that
invitations be extended to the members
cf the faculty an<1 their wives." This bit
of ircr.y roused the lighting spirit of the
men and they have ¦ flered a reward for
any one who can think of something real
wicked for them n do on Bourdon an.l
yet not get them cupelled trr.xn coilege.
Committees on Bour.ion and Charter day
hostilities will be appointed.
The men to relieve their feelings heM
an extra session after the co-eds had gone
their way. They declJfd to hold a Bniokt-r
—a *'m-co- <> ds-admitted-senior-men-only
FTOr.kor"— and they vowed they would
Fmoke up and have a time without fem
tr.ir.e interference. President Butler was
piyen power to appoint a committee which
will name the date and place. for the
hmoker and make the necessary arrange
ments.
Amor.e those who t-jok part promir.ently
lr. the extravaganza debate w*ere Mis*.
Agnes Frisius. Miss Anna Holmes, P. A.
Bi&fibdmer ar.d rlalyh Fisher.
The spirit of rebellion was first shown
to-day :n the senior class meeting. Plans
were being made for class day exercises.
Several of the j oung iadies arose and
a*=ked for reformation in the matter of
the class day extravaganza. They wanted
more refinement in the open-air class day
play. They said that the humor of plays
that have gone before was as rough as
sandpaper, and that the jokes, evolved
from masculine brains' on faculty and stu
dents, were just too awful. They inti
mated that co-eds costumed in Chinese
parb or senior men in the summer carb
of the Aztec or the airy raiment of the
Roman senator were not beautiful or ele
vating eights when gamboling over the
grrer. of the Berkeley campus.
Promptly at the close of the co-eds'
*pe«ches a half-dozen senior men were on
their feet. They warned to know what
•was the matter with a joke'with a nub;
they wanted to know *\hat was the mat
ter with the good old-fashioned times pre
oeding classes had had in graduation: and
•what they particularly wanted to know
was, were the co-eds running the college.
and if go wer.» they- poing to do a^\ay
with the rollicking things of the pan and
introduce funeral processions and Sunday
school picnics. A compromise was finally
effected. It was left for President John
\V. S. Butler to appoint the class day c m
mittees. and the person! he selects, will
•<!ecid» the character of the extravaganza.
President Butlvr is not f«*clinp altogether
comfortable in his position. He will not
appoint the committees until next week,
after he has had a chance for a good long
think.
The constantly Incseasing number of
Tomen students has been viewed with
• larm by the men. Demure, passive little
•.omen might do, but when they com
mence saying thir.grs in public raeetings.
voting- and wielding the balance of power
then the men feel what it is to have the
strong ruling arm of the co-ed around
their necks, metaphorically, of course,
and they den't like it.
BERKELEY. March S.-The men of the
University of California broke out in open
rebellion to-day against co-ed rule. They
asserted that ihe good old-time rush, the
frolicsome class day and the spectacular
and epg-tx-sprhikied Bourdon have degen
erated Into cusnion t«is, ladies' dajs and
other dregs suit functions, highly er.er
vatir.£ to college spirit and pocketbook.
All of this has happened, they declare,
on account of the usurpation of man's
rig-ht to rule by the ekirt-wearlng Etu
dentB.
Seniors and Freshmen Declare They
Will No Longer Submit to the
Eule of the Petti
coats.
University Men Say Women
Are Overturning Time-
Honored Customs.
STUDENTS REBEL
AGAINST CO-EDS
MUNICIPAL LEAGUE
CLOSES ITS CAMPAIGN
Voters Entertained With Speeches and
Stereopticon Views— Water Rate
.Question Discussed by Candidates
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; SATURDAY, MARCH 9, 1901.
NAPA. March 8.— The second trial of Dr.
C. H. Farman, charged - with malicious
mischief in having smashed a looking
glass in. the Revere House bar on Febru
ary 25. closed to-day. The Jury's verdict
was, "Guilty aa charged."
Dr. Farman Convicted.
11
THE DAY'S DEAD.
m the \^m\
HI CALL HI!
\. • ¦ . . — o
j StrangeAdventures |
! of Colonel Travis. f
»-. By Sarah Com3tack. g
} The Greatest Tragedy <$! the =£
! ==: Comstock Mines. 2
> By Giorge R. Wells.
[EthemallE How to Prevent and Cvre
> Baldness. g
1 By Dr E. E- McLean.
| — San Rafael's Artistic Homes. ,~*
I — California's Curio Industry. — g
» : By Jos« de Olivares, — Q
> — Mrs. Leslie Carter and Her ¦ — g
> Portable Dressing Room. i=g
> . By Anne Page. i- - 9
J ¦ ¦ ; M t u n g-fc
\ How to Acquire Beauty and %
— How to Retain IL g
1 • By Goi'ave Michel, M. Dt . *
[ ' — LooK Ovt lor Peck's Bad Boy. = g
! = Books, Fiction, Fashions. — g
I r Read the Troubles ol Bowser. a
Pretty boxes and odors
are used to sell such
soaps as no one would
touch if he saw them un-
disguised. Beware of a
soap that depends on
something" outside of it.
Pears', the finest soap
in the world is scented or
not, as you wish; and the
money is in the merchan-
dise, not in the box.
r AH sorts of stores sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people are
csing it. .THE SAj* : FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 9, 1901.
12
satc rnAXcisco call.
/ -
BUSSSS5S OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca'.I. corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 32 o'clock every r.ltrht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6"7 Mont-Tomery street,
cnrr.rr C!ay; open until S:30 p. m.
TO Hayes street; open until >:30 p. m.
C33 McAllister street; open until >:30 p. m.
C-.5 Larkm street ; open until S:S0 p, m.
1*41 MiFEion etrc-t; open until 10 p. m.
_€1 STarket Etreet, corner Sixteenth;- open
until 3 p. m.
jr-6 Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
IT* Valencia Etreet; cpen until 9 p. rn.
Xfl**_~r__t corner Twenty-second and Ken-
turky stffts: opon until 9 p. m.
MKKTIXG NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL l^d-r? Xo. _, F. and A. •
:.: THIS fSATCRDAT) EVENING. _#%_
;.t titt oVIc-k. KJ— i- X>*Kree. >£._*?
WALTER O. AXnnKSOX. Sec. / *
rXCEISIOU ly-dee .\o. 10*. F. and A. «
M.-i-yccial r_*t_-{ THIS (SATl'R- _*\_
. EVENINXl. March i. at ::3S«
U'dock. rirst I>o K rr»e. / T^ »
THEO. 1*. SMITH. Secretary.
EXCELSIOR Degree Lodjre No. *.
: n O F. - Ropulsr :no<t ir.g $^'Z3&
THIS iSATURDAY) EVENING. :z 2Zg>&J^
Fi:-^t desree. **»* "^
A. K. KIXGSFOHD. D. M.
ANMAIi ir.eoting-T'ie regular annual M-fr
ir.ociin-r of tV.e ptcckhcldfis in the A. \~jt
<». r". ITa!l Associa'.ion of Fan Fran- JP"\
risen trUl l>c held in r>ree;slor Hall. A. *V— »
«¦». ". b;:i;'i:r.-r, if-; O'Farrell *_. San Fran-
r:??o. C_- on SATURDAY, the 3th fiay of.
March. ISM, at 7:35 p. tn.
D. E. BESECKER. President.
J. FALCONER. Secretary.
S^CIFTn; Fr&ncai-e Je Btenfalsance Mutuelle
(Fr»r.ch Mutual Benevolent Society)— The pre-
ItrsiTuurT annual rr.ettins will be held SUN-
DAY. March 10. *SCL ut 1:30 oV'ock p. rn., at
Natine S^r.s' Hall. 4M Mason st.
>r. B. — Only membcTB provided Trlth their
book in good standing will be allowed to offer
anv proposition or take ran In votes cr de-
bai-. A. JACQITEMART. Secretary.
AGE.VT" WANTED.
THr MO MICHOL RUBBER COMPANY "of
.sn Francisco. Cal.. "••ants Intelligent men ts
act a- Its agents throushout the United
Kta'es: mcFt be rr.»>n of character, address *t
r-.'f-h- The ~~~*r*"*T Ownf largt pro^rtles, m
out of df fct k in a thoroufhiy sound & flour-
[shixif co-iditicn. It Iras a considerable acre-
fifr? filteady planted to rubber & has a large
force of men constantly at work. It offers for
Ff. le a iiiri-fd number of interest b«?arins and
jr_*t3!!rr.ent certificates. A comparatively
faitil amnur.t Invested now will producp lartr?
and fteadily increasing Inccrr.e ln>near futur*.
Th<» cr>rp>3ratlnn invites desist investlcatlon.
Afrrrts rnj interested r*rfons apply Rio Mi-
rhn; Rubber Co.. r. €3-C5. «_'rock«>r bide.. S. V.
BOUCnDBS war.ttl at 27 Jes=«ie St., fourth
f*.n.:-- tilery nnlv.
ItEfilDENT asents. with »-<»ference-. for coun- J
trj- tf-vrns. K. R. GHAXXI?, "TMor.tr., S. :\ j
EXPERIENCED ir.surenre ureaf*. Call at room i
",'l t'.-T M.-.rket Ft., corner Flxth.
**TAlhll_U — Acrnls In each city: jrocd monfv.
r»i-*f rn»«t M. /I- L.. Co.. <Sff ?th. Oaklan-1.
ASTROLOGV.
FORTl'NE by planets or palmistry: horoscope
f-omplete. TOe end SI. 1007H Market, room 12.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
R. V/. KJNG. PI7 Market et.. Cth floor, room *?T
— "_*~itril«1 damages, attachments, bankruptcy.
->...«ri-iiore; all cases; fair fee; no advance
chancey; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 152T.
ADVICE .free; divorce law a rpeclalty; private;
r.o frr withcut success: collections. G. XV.
HOWE, atty at law, EL© Market, cor. Stockton.
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections; «5arr.a-re-; es-
tate*: mining; cpen even. 192 Parrctt bldg.
KKAXK TV. SMITH, mining and probate law a
ip'-ialtv. MiT's bl*.. r.- 3. «tb fir.; tel.Ited S616.
ADVtCK fr*f*: 'u" charpe ur.less Fucccsful. \V.
w. DAVinf*O*y ??T Marktt et.. opp. M.i-on. |
L. S CLARU. E_B_ Spreckel- tide. ??7 Mar-
lc«t «r.: <^-."s'!!t_,?:cn fre*: n " f»»s In advance.
A S I'H A LTl M R9OFI\(i7~
J. PEI-TIEU. asnbalt roofing, sidewalks re- !
¦nnirfii: postal. HfG MifFior. : tel. Fola*]_ 1507.
IIOARDIXG FOR CIIILDIIBX.
%VANTi£l>— Uy hi*rhly respectable couple, the
car? of c^lld 2 to 4 yt^srs. Icr._r or short
V«-i!cd; terrrs moi-r'--ite: 3n» home and eunny
;-»rd; object, CC:r-^anlcn for t»ur oma child I
!*6 y?_r». Box C14. Call cff.ee.
tV ANTED— Child tn board: £ood home and
rsrf; no other children: tS. EF>3 Folsom st.
BI*5E*nSS9 ~CHA\CKS.
A-KOO: STATIONERY «ore; 2 !ivlr.K^roo"in7:
rent SV>: cood business for rr.an and wife.
'•all ii. G. WILKE, _6S Kearny st.
A-*ia»: RESTAURANT ar.d chophou-e: rent
*:¦'»; place cftab. years; daily reedpta iJi; !
ti-:a; -riverc a ffood business and beEt loca- j
_ •'-¦•»¦ Call H. a. WII.KE. 16 y. Kearny st.
A— •**•: RaXOOX. clearing Ji;o itr month: j
r^r.t US; established many years; enly day
l>usiri*8-; location best in this city. Call K.
<: "iVJLKI". _V-_ Kf^rr.y ft.
A— t'Ui: CORKER en>«n- and bar. northern
part of city: d*>alh of cwn«-r cause of sale; a
.FC"d business for man and wife. Call R. G
_JtVlLKE, £€4 Kesrry rt.
A— -If*: COK2CER yaloori. location Third arj-i
Misf.cn stF. ; rent $."/!: lease; corner can't c-
l^at: sbo-jt $;r<iO Etock en hand; owcer mast
bar* operation i^rformeil, only cause of sale
Ji. 0. WILKE. *«'- Rearor k. ' j
A-$n:*; EwAIjOO*C clcse to Monteom<rv -t.;
place <?stau!ls'.:ed 20 y«ars; clearing at" lpa«t '
fr^O ier rrcntli; 3 lurn'shed rooms Included- !
r_t fg. Call R. O. WILKE. W& Krnrni. j
A-!* 1 *': Pf'RK and delicacy frtor«v. rent **2 50: i
f^o>2-f»ayin-: buslaets; very bei«t location;
o-vner to leave city. Call K. U. WIL.KI3.
It's Kearny ft.
A— SBSt: CAFE _r.d restaurant; elrgantiy ntted I
v}> acd doin^ a rushir.s business: located ]
r\or+ to Po-aell and Market Ets. Call It. G.
V.-II_KE. ZC\i K»arrj- Et. [
A~Il*-fl: OOBKCB proc»ry and bar: chcice-t
r'-rt Wcstf-m Add.; clean store, fresh stock;
rood paying b«Kin<>.-*: rent 122. Inquire II.
_1 ; ""-I: 1 ! 17 -- _^» K '* rri y «t-
A-lSnO; OOUSfEB butcher shop In northern
part of city; rent t" f J; liorse. cart: seillnB 4
cattle ar.O cbc« 15 f.h<"«p per week; a cash
«-c-tom. Call IX. 1. 25u Kearny et.
?"0— CANDY etore and factory: barpaln- lo-av-
ins; city cause of ra!t. McLAUGHLIN &
<X).. TTT'i Market st.
S7OO— «nf»CEi.T an! bar near city; bargain.
_McLAt:GHLIX & CO.. ;7*-. Market n.
J-t*-RESTAi;RANT r.orth oFwarkft St.; \>a7- \
_raln. McLAl'CHl.TX t CO., 777-_ Market st.
1M iIGAK stand'. ;oo j;ro<-trl<?8 nnd bars.
3'n candy and icecream stores, *.!K> restaurant'
9*K Herts of all kinds; partners wanted
Parties with $1C0 ur» can be suited
WALTER HAYi:.-: & CX>.. S3« Market et.
|r.r-iti>*TAT;RANT; best'location; city front-
cheap rent; business speaks for ltiwlf; pe'.i
at Baorti|ot only rr. serount of iiamedlate de-
.rarturt-. Apply I.T.'NDIX & CO.. t«S Market.
PAJST-CEB wanted: can make ZV.O mo • no
Sunday work. Cal. Bus. Ass'n.. *6" Market.
n? 1 -*-"- ° r __-**_ "T-** n?.;- VlewFtab'es. Fan
Rafael. Marin Co.. Cal. For particulars ap-
ply to M. MURRAY, on pr-mines: cleared
over |SB> a month for last 3 years.
AA— **03; GRAND opportunity for lady or rent -
location ixyrfect: cigars, periodicals, notion*'
_.7 V '?". lr * B * rfX>w ' * S<1 av< '- stat| on. B. Oakland
A-^?!Vi: CIGAR rtore with": furni-lW roornT;
ront III: LuFlnc-F- j.ajin-r from t~~ to $100 r>er
month. In/julrf K', .Kearny Ft. 9
BAKKRV for fale— Lar-ren and best; located
in !r.rj-e canntiy town. Ai-irepa R ERi'X-
NER. box •::.. retalurr.a. ?**T- r
HALV-INTi;Rr:PT liT^tng restaurant on
ETAT1ONERY. nation and r>erlodical store In
thrivin-: courstrj- town, near city. Addrei,-
box SI'S.. Call office.
MAN Kith «*flft to buv halr-!ntereKt In manu-
factur'.nK liUFinpF-: pays J20 weekly for each
\>>-x *:I72. Call cfSt-e.
SMALL restaurant for s_!». cheap; dolnr a
K^.<1 busineFF. iO6 Itrsward Bt" near First.
OAUGA1N— Stock and fixtures of millinery
..frtore at -2* Xlnth: also household furniture
RESTAl'RANT, newly furni'hed: kwH buM~
reyf : l^realn: eickr.t-rs. Apply 205 Fourth st*
GO'">n paylhs. old-ci>t»ib'ii=hed lumber businor?
¦RduOtru; w.nnil!!, timber landx, yards, ium-
lx r Ptn'-k. donkey etij-ine, horse "team's
,H. & F. L. CCjnpizn. Nevada City. Caj. '
311EAT bargain, rtock of procc-riea, hay, grain"
coal, etc.. ; l:uslneF« ostablished. 17iJ Alct-
traz eve.. Berkeley.
f9''0~Tn:.;PERANCE procery, with established
butter find *•££« trade; eood locality; death
r-ft«s* of Kale; rent J°0. Address F. J. A.,
Call office. ;
GOOD bu-jtiess man with about 14000 wanted In
olJ-eMablithed business. Address box 2097,
call o'fire.
FOK SALE— Coffee and IudcJi parlor, pultable
fot man and wife or 2 ladiej*; rent |15; will
cell cheap '.f eold at once. "M Polkst.
FOR sale, cheap— 2-cha!r EC barber shop; ac-
count Oath. 9?6'4 Howard st. - -
*V'O3>. coal, hay and train yard, ebed. horse.
¦ vficon. ytc. ; sold on account of elcknesi. Ap-
\jfj- tM Tri-enty-fciurth et. ;- '
BUSINESS CHANCES— COXTIXUED.
AX unprecedented sacrifice; 75-room brick ho-
tel and furnlrura; daicg Immense flrel-class
li: a day) business; cost and worth $50,000;
offered for I16.5C0; has rented ror.*400; now
run by owner.
¦ re. D. SICKELS. the I_nd Agent, I Geary st.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for «ale. Apply
Call Business offlce.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for ea'e. Apply
at Call Business office.
FOR sale — A etenm laundry In the Sacramento
Valley, doin-r a business from $100 to $150 per
week; no other laundry within JO miles. Box
1645. Call offlce. ' '
FOR pale cheap: paying restaurant; price $3*0:
rent $13: the owner ha« other business; must
sell. Addreps 12 Washington St., or call be-
tween II and 1 o'clock dally.
EI-ECTKIC business for sale: long established :
Rood line of trade: parties going north. Box
IC49. Call of3ce.
I FOR sale— Candy store and Ice cream parlor;'
good location. Inquire at 1642 Market st.
$*_¦.¦— SALOON end' 1 bedrocm: bargain. 610
Commercial St.. xerond door from Kearny.
•lCOO^-PARTNER wanted; furniture, wall paper
business; country: fine chance. Box 2132, Call.
RESTAURANT .and coffee saloon for sale
cheap. Apply G37 Clay St.. near Kearny; good
location; rent $35.
FOR tale— A 3-chalr barber shop. Address H.
¦TACKSOX. Uklah. Cal. ¦
$12&— RTCPTAURAXT. with 2 furnished rooms;
rent $!*.. 939 Howard et.
FIRST-CLAPS Faloon for eale; centrally lo-
cated. Apply box 2033, Call office.
FOR Sale — Cigar store. SZ3 Third St.
$30 WINS 1300 per month at races; references
given, Information Lyons, 911 Market..**. 4.
LARGE inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply business offlce.
CLASSIFIED advertl-enents and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
f>ubscrfr*lr>ns has been established at 1096
Val«ncla ft.
' -———-- -»
LODGIXG-HOISES FOR SAL13.
| MARION* GRIFFIN.
719 Maxfcel *t.. near Call blrlg. Tel. Black 1*03.
14 rooms, bortcn, finply furnished JW
S rooms, JIM", $6fO. J4«0. J*r>. $*75 and.... :.^0
10 rooms. $*:¦". Mr*. $B--.O. $3.%0. $300. up to. 8*0
CO rooms, rent $13.".. liair mattresses, run-
ning water in each room: fine busines*. 3500
46 rtrs.. X. Mkt.. central, full, a mint 1800
I have a lon.i list: all -i/»s; several city
hotels: Investication solicited. *
1 A — 22-ROOM hous* on prinrirj.il street:
income JM»: rent $35: housekeeping;
r.o work; must be sold on account
of "lcknp«s. Price $500. rpot cash
M. GRIFFIN. 713 Market St.. near Call bl3-r.
EKE OUR LIST CF 200 HOUSES BEFORE i
buyin-r. We have them al! Flses and price*:
f_!000— Part cash for centrally located, ncwlv
papered. r".!r i .tfd and thoroughly renovated and
ref finished house of 33 rooms; has been twice
sold for $5000.
J7.--0 — ro itwraf: all one floor: Geary St.; clears,
$100; only J"50 cash required.
12*4 cs-h for 11-room house; nicely furnished;
eoo<l location; balance payments. ,
JCO"— For ;"-room house on principal street:
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. E30 Market.
FIPHER _ CO.. 10.*; Market Ft.; telephone ".*«>.
4" rooms>. N. of Market: only $1COO
"« rooms. Hyde: very finely furnished.... COO
St rooms, rent JM: location desirable SOO
If a bargain we hav» them at 4 any price
north cr south of Market et.
A — ro LIGHT sunny rooms, neat and cl»an: <
family apartment !"n>s=e: big money maker; ]
Fteady roomers; eo^d beds, carpets and furnl- j
tur* 1 : r<»nt only t'fi: nri(v» 'JJ^O. rart cash: <le- !
s!rabl-» location. FIRJIKR A- CO.. 1C32 Markt. j
SELECT your house from lareest list In town. ]
7 room?; woll fnrnUbed; only $201 j
9 rooms, fine loo.-ui'tn -. 425 i
14 rooms: rlepant: must sell £00 I
?*> r.. «nartment« absolutely new: cash 1000 i
"3. *2. 112 end 1S6 r. houe<»«: values exc-llent.
r?uy«>r= from $1O to $!00.0<y> can be suited.
We l«*r>'" ""ilf nur'-hase money at lnwept rates.
WALTER HATES _ CO.. StJ Mirk?t st.
WtNSTON A- V.'OI.F. 10?" Market Ft.
is roon?s: rent MO; clean house t ¦<* I
15 rooms; r»nt IGT r>0; yarJ.. U'" !
H6 rooms: cheap at 1?*.O
IS rooms: rent J73; make effpr "CO i
LODGIXG-HOI'FKS— Sizes and prices to suit
nil buyers: tlt'ss iruaranteed: money loaned
buyers; before buylnc caiJ.
O. W. FCHWEIXHARD.
Phcr.- Mint 1*11. 917 Market -t.. bet. Mh & 5th.
CALL and p<?» our list of banralns In hou«?s: j
we have them In any part of th<» cltv nnd »t
any nrioc. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S
Sixth st. j
BF.FOrtE closing year bnr^ain fee m*r list of I
ravins; hmw< In pnv rart of cltv: money j
leaned. .DOBLK _ TCRNF.R, 2 Eddy st. ;
JTf-O— Privat" r'^cmin"; house. 11 rooms. In hous"-- I
k-*Tir.K raltfp; r.o trouble; lov: rent: fine J
loratio-.: north of Market. f>ox 211*. Call.
$Vft— Ba'v-WINDOW hou-e. 1" rooms, pood fu-- j
nltnre: -l-raya full: r?nt U4: bargain. K3l '
Poison et.
JSW— 25 ROOMS: fine locntlon: wpII furnished:
all rented: !r>-»- rent. BAPILH. 3 Eddy Ft. '
LOnOTXO-HOfSE of 10 rooms for sale cheap.
440 THr<" *t. • \
¦ SPIRITUALISM.
MME. AltXtlT. the ereat clairvoyant, flls past ;
and future. < tires d_*¥l*ea bv sympathy; never ]
fails; has the raven r«a's. th*- greatest Egyp- j
tian "t"r»l of th-- rvorid: shows picture of fu- i
ture husband or witti piv«»s lucky numbers : i
ndvice In all •ijecuiattan, love and lepal af- i
fair?: any rr.c consulting the madamf will be j
convinced that she Is n sham: price? 2"c and ,
up: fern* and von will be surprised: gives i
Ba_sfactl<>a every one: op. Sundays. 215'.4 Cth. '
THE FOPTKHP. SOS Lariiin rt.. corner MeAIlis-
ter. Occidental Hall, • Sunday. March 10, nt 3 '
and S p. m. : tests; materialization; slate
writir.r; music. ;
A-MRF. J. J. WHITXEV. tiance. buslne-* j
rre<*1um. life reader. m»dical clairvoyant: sit- !
tinp< U. 1164 OFarrell, nr. Cough. Elli- car.
MRS. WEST, wonderful medium and healPr; '
readincs dally. If) to 19. 1104 Market, room 14.
MRS. LOl'ISE S. DREW, psychic. Electrlo
aril Ma|B-*tte Hf-aW. Room 14, S03 Larkln s_
""•""•IBKOFHt— H-II. rio McAlH-rer— Mrs. C. J.
M«-y*r- *lt*"--- - - «lir frt* tnfi'J fr.-nle-M:"*>c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A— THE Firet Graduated Palmist Ever In ban :
Francisco.
rnoFEESon joiins.
The -rrrld'e greatest living palmi-t and clair-
voyant, ran b« consulted daily on all affairs of
life; he advlres you whether you will be suc-
'¦ef>?i*ul In bUFlne?s. mining or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns Is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the mos-t fd'ntlfic practicing: palmist
] and clairvoyant In the world to-'Jay.
! There is ro home ro dreary or sad. no I!f»
s=o hard and blighted, no heart so sad and
lonely, that cannot be set riyht and kept rlKht
cfter a visit to this Inspired prophet cr modern
| times: all lonF-standing and chronic disease*
I that have baffled the physician's «klll cur*d
without the ufe of medicine; lie reunites the
I separated. Fettles lovers' quarrels, causes
] fpcedy and happy marrla-re, locates- hidden !
I treasure*. removeR evil Influences; cures fits: '
i drunicenness *ured without th,e patient's ,
I knowledge: tells If your loved oneMs true; en-
j ablts you to win th» affection of any one you
I d'rlre: also that which a person Is best adapt-
ed for In life is pointed out: he enables you to
overcome your enemies; no matter what your
trouble Is. he can and will help you or
chsrp>* you nothing for his rervlres.
N. D.— Palmistry tauirht: nWiuml-Uc p«r-
sens developed. 2**4 Kearny »t., near Market.
Headings by mail.
If you cannot «-ali, writ*. Give date of birth,
rtate whether Mr. or Mrs. or Mies: ask six
ouprtlon*: inclose II. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. .
MME. M. BERNARD, ~
THE FAMOUS : ¦[. .'¦
¦ Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
! lv located 17 Third F.t.. next Examiner bid-;,
i She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
haripenlntrs and portrays events to occur tn the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
Kappvor not satisfied In life, or have dom»--
I tic. love or business troubles, consult this
j -Treat medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable ni'vire In all nffalrs
of life: 2*e up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. E. SANDERS. U* Quaker modium and
palmist, teaches mlr.d vibration, the greatest
••cret on earth: tj business men. untold
¦wealth, reunites lovers ana brln-rs home ab-
fent husbands. Eons or daughters; 15 years'
experience. '.304 Market Ft., room JS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known tranca
medium, is permanently located at 1TC8 Mar-
k-t *t.. corner Golden Gate ave. ' room- 25
nnd *6; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
ruaranteed by mall: eend stamp for pam-
. phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
ISMAR. the Egyptian f-ypsy. clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market op.'
Cth; private readings dally. 10 a. m.*to S p. in.
MME. I.AROSE, beet clairvoyant, card read-r
_ tyt medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson, cor. Cth!
MME. **1IRKDA. the pj-psy. in the great palm-
ist acd card reader; ZZc. 7 Seventh st..
MME. ECHAFFEH. clairvoyant, card reader-
sittings dally. 448*4 Jessie at., bet. *th & 6th.
CLAIRVOVAJTT. ; mineral p*ychometrlst. palm-
lst. and card reading. 23c. 1M1H Market at.
MR3. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant. wattr
reader. 11 6th; C-rman.«pok»n; tel.Ho-.-sr«!_M?.
., CLAIRVOYANTS.
LINCOLN— CLAIRVOYANT
AND HIGH PSYCHIST.
lie tells your name, conditions, desires, hopes,
etc., without asking 'a single questicn; cures
disease without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck nnd how to make yourself lucky;
reunites the . separated ; makes harmony In your
home; gives accurate advice on all business af-
fairs, investments., mining, oil. etc.: readings
by mall; tend stamp for terms. 125 Turk st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader.- borri ' v.-lth double veil— second sight:
<lla«rncses disease with life rending: ladies 50c.
Kent3 Jl: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 116 Turk.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay: 2nc. 1149 Mission
MME. RAVENNA, r-nds life fluently: business
. nrtvto*: mmm given: 25c up. 5 Fourth wt.
CARPET UEATIXG A\D CLEAMXO.
WHEN you become dlscusted with poor -work
send to SPAITLDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-3."7 Tehama st : tel. South 40.
CITY Steam Cnrpot-Beatins Works. G. H.
STEVENS. mRX.. 3S-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned nt Sf per yard, laid at uc.
STHATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jeysie 944.
J.-E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating ami Hpno-
vntln-r Co.. 240 Fourteenth Ft.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet -Clean Cne- Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3S4. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
COXKLIX'S Carpet-B?atln?: Works. S33 Oolden
Gate ave.: telephone En?t 12S.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts,' chil-
blains: painless cure; Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— Xo charge un-
less successful. Room 310. S27 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms and ,bath. 670 Walnut
ave., bet. Octavla and La_una sts.
COTTAGE for sale cheap. Apply store corner
Alabama and Montcalm sts.
COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms; garden; cheap to
small family. 1270 Folson ft., near Xlnth.
DENTISTS. ~ '¦«-.¦'
AT~?heELECTROJDENTAL CLINIC, S03 Mar^
kft st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bids., you can
have your extractions dono painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 t.0 up; plate* 1 , extractions free. $4 SO up; of-
flce hour?. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. ni. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
j EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridg-j.
and fllllnps; extractions dr fillings by rny
wonderful secret", painless method; 10 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
PR GKORGE W. LEEK. 20 OTarrell st.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years: crr>-vn;>. $3 50; filling*.
EOc; plates, 53. full s»t; oil work painless and
.warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 21 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1413 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from *5 per set: extracting. 50c; gas given.
THE Xew Ycrk Dentists have moved to 969
Mission ft., cor. Siirth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges; difficult plate work solicited;
poslti\-e painless extraction, 50c.
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; (Wings. 25c.
DR. R. L.WALSH. _15?_ Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
less extraction "0c;plntes *5 uprphone Polk 1135.
DR. II. G. TRUEMAX. dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAX VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market ct.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. II. G.
YOrXG. 1241 Polk nt.
, DRESSMAICEnS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
; ACOOHDEON pleating; country orders prompt
! attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDl'CATIOXAI,.
i AYRES' Business College, 7zPMaTket~stT^Day
j and evening; *3 per mvnth' J"0 life scholarship
| guarantees a complete business education, In-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions se-
cured for eraduates; catalogue
AVAXTED— An. offlce buy to work 2 hours daily
In exchange tuition. Ayres' I5usin»-s College.
| GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bids-—
i Sh.-.rthanJ. typing and bookJceeplng; Robert F.
j GallaRher. expert court r%>orter, teacher of
j Fhorthand; reportorl.-il phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HKALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Pont Et..
S. F". — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. I.'nglish branches, civil.
el»ctrkal and mlnl.ig engineering, etc.; day
and nlsht s*«Blon%; r.svr 80-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; ieferenc<?s. President Jordan or any
I Stanford professor. . Pnelan building.
| CALIFORNIA BUSINKPS COLLEGE has posl-
< tlons guaranteed to it by written contract and
j can therefore with confidence «uarant<H» posl-
I tlons to all Its gradnstes. 305 Larkln st.
| A FULL course In Ellis bookkeeping and the
¦ GreesT shorthand costs only $60. San Kran-
j Cisco Busln«=.i Collejf;. J236 Market st.
ENGINEERING, civil, -!<>c.. mining, mcch. .sur-
vey, ass-ay, cyanide, arth.: day, eve.; rst. 1S64.
VAN DER NAILLKN SCHOOL. 933 Mnrket.
A SPECIALTY— Perfectlns beginners; busln»ss
collefji? fira'luates; bookkeeping; figures: short
time. TAIIH, exp. actt.. ViO Parrott bklg.
| MERRIL— -MJLLER College, shorthand and
1 typing, reinovpd to tivvs Q,unr***rs, rmB. 40-45.
I Parrtitt bltlp. : Indlvlri. instruction: catalogue.
j FKi:NCH,Spanl.-h..tc..Prof.DeFiiipp»- i sAca(I*my
| ofLanguaj-es,3*:3Po?t;<>stab'd 1871: ablest profs.
| PROF. MKItKI. from Paris: violin, mandolin.
j guitar: experienced. 1608 Mission st.
i ARITHMETIC, bookkso.'ir.g. grammar, writing,
j etc.: day or eve.; Jj mr. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
j COACHING in high school mathematics a spe-
• <Sa!tv; simple method-, successful. 30*0 ICth.
I iLl.rSTRATIOX-PAUTIXGTOX'S DAY and
I "'ll'STP.ATION— nisht class. 424 Pine «t.
EMPLOYMENT -OFFICES.
JAPAXESE Employment. Office and House-,
cleaning Co.. best help; send men at «hort
notice. 1125 Sutt*r. nr. Polk; tel. Larktn 2I9U
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Offlcn — Best
help furn.; domestic servants: work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters • and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 4:i Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOY MEXT Office: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 514 California: phone James 2601.
JAPANESE central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. E.-iM. 203.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese -employment office—
Best help. 62C OTarrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
IIKLIARLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 313 Stockton; Main 518S.
OKPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 425 Powell. nr.Sutter: teL Black C072.,
CHINESE and Japanese Employment OCflce—
Best help. 411V. O'Farrell St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WAXTED FEMALE.
WOMAN wishes place to do general house-
/work; no objections to country; can care for
¦ Invalid or bring baby up on the bottle; no
postals. 2017 -Powell st. '
WANTED— Situation by Swedish girl; Is first-
class cook; best of references. 843 Franklin
et., Oakland: phone Red 2433.
COMPETENT woman wishes day work; first-
class washer and lroner. 146 Perry st.
SWEDISH lady wlshi»* work from 9 or 10
o'clock dally; will enre for children, mending,
• chamber work, first-daF-* cook, wait at table.
A. P., box 212S. Call Oflice.
A YOUNG Eastern woman, with child 4 years,
desires position as housekeeper: reliable;
first-class manager: can take 'full 'charge oi
children. Address or call 204 Turk St.
FIRST-CLASS lady barber wishes employ-
rr.ent. 1314 Mason ft.; call mcrr.lng.
TRAINED nurse. Catholic, having 8 years' ex-
perience In hospital find private rv-ork, wants
to take enre of a sick lady or invalid; will-
Ing to travel. Box 2121, Call offlce. -.
•VINCH ESTER House, 44 Third Bt.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 2.".cti>*l 50 per nlsht: $1 50 to C*
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and tiaggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, £200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. - ¦ ' •'¦¦•••
EMPLOYMENT WAXTEI) MALeT~
ENGLISHMAN speaking .^^ FreiichT^Germarv
Spanish and Portuguese, many years' ex-
perience in export business with South and
Central America, having traveled greater
part of eame, seeks situation with view of
eventually Investing capital. Address box
2160. Call.
GOOD, reliable, steady man wishes . position
with private. family; understands plain gard-
ening, horses and can milk.. A. ANTHONY,
1318 Seventh ave.. , Eaat Oakland. Cal.
YOUNG man. Just arrl\-ed from the East, de-
slres a place In private family: care horses,
cows, lawn and make himself useful; • nc*
afraid of work; wages *30. Box 2163, Coll.
BY a llr-t-clasH lunch.: club cr Iwardlng-house
cook. Call or address W. G.. 3C2 Third at. :
EBfPLOYaiEKT WANTED— MALE.
YOUXG man (23), German and of good family,
desires a position of- any kind; has good
habits, KoLer and steady: best references
from the U. S, army and U. S. transport ser-
vlce. Box 21CC. = Cafl- offlce.
PROMPT and energetic young roan In need
: of employment desires a position as stenog-
rapher, typewriter and bookkeeper or other
office work. Address box 2167, Call office.
BARTENDER wishes situation; city or coun-
try; speaks German: good mixer; from the
East. Box 21P2, Call. .'. :
YOUNG salesman, grocery or Xtherwl-'e, wants
liosition where reliable man can be appre- 1
elated. Box 21C1. Call.
ENGINEER, hoisting. ' stationary engines: ns-
custorr.ed to do own firing;, iloom 134, Koyal
House. 12C Ellis St. . -
MECHANICAL and civil engineer and drafts-
¦ man with wide experience wishes employ-
. ment. Address K. V.. box 2173. Call office.
RELIABLE and honept younp man with clean
an.l noble habits desires situation. Box 2171,
Call offlce.
SITUATION as cook; small hotel or boarding-
house; sob«r. steady man. J5ox 2173, Call.
SITUATION wanted by a lirst-elnss upholster-
er in a hotel. Box 2174, Call office.
A FIRST-RATE tin and shcetlron worker.
who thoroughly und^istnnds all branches of
the trade, would !ik-^ a Job; city or country;
terms desirable to employer. Address Cutter,
box 2149. Call office. ¦ • .
A MIDDLE-AGED German man. married.
wlyhe3 a situation to drive a delivery wagon
or a team; 1% well acquainted about the city.
Apply C02- Hermann 6t., corner Fillmore.
YOUNG man, first-class coachman and gar-
dener; understands horaes thoroughly; sober;
reliable: references: wants -ltuatlon In prl-
vate family, c. S.. S39 Mission st.
WANTED— By a ''young man, pcsltlon In whole-
sale house or driving- team; 10 years' experl-
ence in driving; references. Box 2C30. Call.
A TOUXG man having general knowledge of
machinery -desires a position with house of
that line. Box 2144. Call office.
INTELLIGENT ¦ jcuns man, aged 28. wishes
position of any kind; best references. Ad-
dre.8 S. M.. 2132 Fillmore st. .
YOI.TNG man, 24, wa'its • position; can give
security. Box 2140. Call office. *-
WANTED— An experienced engineer wants a
position: he makes a specialty of steam and
hydraulic elevators; can give best of refer-
ences; 25 years' experience. Address J. S.,
box 2134. Call office.
GARDENER wishes situation, private place;
understands flowers, vegetables, gasoline en .
pine; can milk; references. Address box 2123,
Call office. ¦
YOUNG, man. married, speaking English. Ger-
rn,an and French fluently, as clerk, sale-man
or jronera! usefulness; references. Address
9S6 Filbert at.
RELIABLE young man wishes position as man.
agpr of or clerk in country grocery and pro—
vision store; Al references. Address box 202S,
Call offlce.
MACHINIST, lathe or bench hand, wishes
work; young man of steady, temperate habits.
Address box 2111. Call oMce.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants position out-
Bide of city or State: references, etc.. fur-
nlshed.' ERW1N. 657 Bush St.. city.
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes position,
private place; thoroughly understands care of
hcrses; best of references; object, good home;
city or country. Address box 2024, Ca-11.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants care of books
of mine email business; all time not being
required; salary moderate: references fur-
nlfhed. Box 203*. Call office. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fl'lmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscriptions haa been established at 1W«
Valencia ft. .
EXCHANGE.
WAXTED— To exchange good breach-loading
shotgun or rifle for camera using films. G.
QUINX. Cll Geary i,t. '
FR.VTIIER PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
¦ their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
. by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATHER FACTORY. 2*4 Stevenson Bt. ¦
. FLATS TO LET.
ELEGANT new lower flut. 7 rooms, bath, suit-
able for doctor's office and residence: sunny
side Geary Ft.. n«*ar Larkln. Full particulars
MADISON & BURKE.
TO LET— Lower Hat of 4 rooms: rent »10. 100.!
McAllister st. Apply G. II. UMBSEN & CO..
1 1 Montgomery st.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms and bath: rent reas-
onable. 941 Jackson ft., corner. Mason.
FLAT of 5 rooms nnd bath, *1S. 1939 Mason St.-
TURK. 620B— Sunny upper flat; 4 rooms; large
basement; ;ent $12; no children.
4 ELEGANT new sunny fiats of 9 and 10 rooms.
S72 to «S0 Eddy St.. near Van Ness ave.
|12— UPPKR flot, 5 rooms. 33 Moss Bt.. off
Howard, near Seventh.
$!>— FLAT of 4 rooms. 131 Rose St.: 3 rooms;
between Gouph and Octavla.
FOR SAL- OR i:\CIIAj\fiE._
FOR SALE or exchange — Sis-room cottage In
Alameda, 100x142 feet; corner in Elmhurst.
will exchange for *mall acreage or lot In
Oakland. ll'D Jefferson St., Oakland.
Pl'KXn'I'RE FOR .SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak $4S 50, with No. 7
ranKe. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNISHED flat. 4 rooms and bath, for sale
cheap. 507 Powell, st. -
FOIi sale— 8-room flat, elegantly furnished, for
..a nice home. 104S Ellis ft.
" ~ FtTIl-VITl'IlE WANTEM.
IF you want to sell furn.. mdse.. etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
Auctioneer— L. Vlncent.lSCS Larkm: tel.Polk 694;
furniture & Turned houses bought; spot cash.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
2215 Xew Enterprise Furn. store, 1114 Mlwlon,
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E. Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 333»
CIIAS. LEVY, buys j-our furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc.. 1133 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission at., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1334.
HELP WAXTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN. _ CO.'S. ..Phone Grant 1S3
.......HOTEL DEPARTMENT...
25 waitresses, city and all over the State. $20
and ".23. many of them fare paid, for hotels
and restaurants; 2 chambermaids, city. $20;
2 cooks, hotels, $25 and J30; pantry girl. $17 iO;
champoocr for springs. $25; scrubber for store,
$1 a day, steady place...
N.FAMILY DEPARTMENT..
• A cook for 6 men, *20, and fare paid; Infant's
nui-se, $23; cooks, huuso girls, second girls,
nurse girls, city and country: best of wages.
. C.. R. HAXSEN & CO.," 104 Geary st.
GIRL or woman to cook for 4 adults, Berkeley,
keeps second girl. $25, sse party here r second
irlrl. French', or German, small family. »20;
oeveral other very nice place-, $20 and .up;
man and wife for private place, s-e party
here, must have references. $40. CAL; _MP.
AGENCY. 59 Third St.
WANTED— Lady typewriter with machine for
a few days; principally copying, but must
be able to take dictation; state wages per
day and experience; hours from 8:30 to *.
p. ni. Address box 21*6, Call office.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladles' shirt
waists; steady work. S. F. MAXUFG. CO.,
409A Turk St. . | '• - ' ' ' "
WANTED— First-cla-«s ; experienced millinery
saleslady: salary $20 per week: state age and
. experience. Box 2170, Call oflice. .. " . ;
WANTED— Experienced wrapper for delivery
dosk In dry goods store: state age. experience
nnd salary expected. Apply box 2163, Call.
OPERATORS ori bar coats and waiters' coats,
on electric power; steady work. ,3G Geary St.,
room 46. . i . v ¦•."-.'
GIRL to assist in general housework for coun-
try; small family; prood salary: references re-
. -quired.- Apply before 8:30 a. m. «23 OctAvla.
FIRST-CLASS upstairs, girl and good seam-
stress* good references required. Apply Satur-
day from 10 to 12 at 1900 Jackson et.
GIRL to arsist with housework, half-day. $8.
1311 Geary st. . • - . .
APPRENTICE for millinery; apply between 8
' ' and • 9. 603 Powell st. .
GIRL : for fancy goods store. LEVIN'S. I6"6
Tolk st., near Clay. .- ' ¦' •
OPERATORS shirts and overalls; Inexperienced
Instructed. Heynemann & Co.. 410 Mission st.
SKIRT maker to make skirts at ; home. . 751
Market St.. L. HORVITZ. - . • :' V
RESPONSIBLE middle-aged woman, aselst
¦_ housework, care of Infant; good wages. 868
"Valencia 8t.~r.-f-, ____________________
WANTED— Skirt and waist' maker; call store.
1220 Market st. ' ¦ ¦ -v ". "•
WANTED— A -woman, to do housework by the
day; $l and carfare.' l'OO Scott St.. nr. Ellis.
GIRL .for general housework. . Call 30C Laurel
s St., between Sacramento and Clay.
A GERMAN girl for lls-ht housework. . Call at
: US* Clay st. . -. . •
HELP -.¦ V. AXTED— FE.MALE.
MRS.- M.. E. DAY & CO Phone. Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
4 more waitresses, Salt Lake City, 120 and
bonus, , fare here, see head waiter here; 12
. waitressen. first-class city and country hotels,
$20 an-J $22 60; 3 chambermaids. $15. *1S, |20.
3 FAMILY DEPARTMENT
French ' second girl. JiO: German or French
nurse girl. -20 to $25; house girl. Santa Cruz,
»:•<), see lady here. MRS.'M. K. DAY & CO..
333 Geary 6t.
WANTED— An experienced saleslady for a
general dry goods store. Apply to W. THIRD
& SON. 930 Valencia Et.
YOUXG girl to. attend baby; wages $10 per
month. 1S09 Devlsatl3ro Et.
WA NTEI)-Dre: smafer and apprentice. Apply
WAXTED— Middie-aged woman to assist house-
work; 2 In fam. 43th av.. op. CliiT House Pav.
GIRLS to wrap Sweetheart - chewing gum.
NEWTON GUM CO., Second, and Folsom sts.
APPRENTICES for dressmaking; paid while
learning. 121 Post St.. room 49.
GOOD cook in private family. 1414 Harrison st..
Oakland, or merchant tailor. 775 Market St.,
¦ San Francisco. ¦ . ,
BUTTON-HOLE makers and finishers, appreu-
; tlces on -vests; paid while learning. 509
Kearny Et.. room 2. •
WAXTED— Maker in millinery department.
. Apply at IIALK BROS., 879-SS7 Market at.
OPERATORS en ladies' waists, children's hata
and bonnets; good pay. 21 Sansome et.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO,. 541 Market st. .
WANTED— Experienced Ironera at United
States Laundry. Sixteenth and Valencia etc.
WAXTED— Good maker and errand girl for
millinery establishment. 765 Geary. St..
PANTS finishers wanted.' 253>4 Stevenson at..
bet. Third and Fourth.* --
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants; steady
work; good pay. 541 Market Bt.
BUTTON sen-ers on shirts wanted at LEVI
STRAUSS _ CO.. 36% Fremont St. Apply to
Mr. Hendsha w.
WAXTED-GIrl to assist In housework and
cooking. Apply between 9 and 12 a. m.. 2211
Butter Bt. •
CLEVER woman to hire agents in town; sal-
ary and traveling expenses. Eox 2116, Call.
WAXTED— Good woman cook for men. Apply
.2030 Seventeenth st.. near Vermont.
WAXTED-Toung girl to assist in light house-
work; sleep home. .403 Grove st.
APPREXTICES to learn tailoring. 611 Mar-
ket Bt.
SPANISH speaking girl to care for child and
assist; references. Box 2037, Call office.
YOUXG girl to care for child and sew; refer-
ences. Box 2030. Call office.
OPERATORS ori ladies' underwear ti> work
In factory. 723 Market St.. room 85.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscrlptlons
recelved at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Vnl»n«*la i»t.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'sT...lW Geary stT
Coal Miners
Coal Miners
White or colored
Married or single
See superintendent here to-day
Ship Monday
Good mines best of wages
Free fare „• ; free fare
Free fare Railroad work....... Free fare
Ship dally
50 drillers and tunnelmen for big tunne'.
Chatsworth Park $2 to $2 50
Tool sharpener. big tunnel, Chatsworth
Park. Los Angeles County $2 50
2 carpenters, country, $3 day: 4 farm era for
orchard, *"0; 2 farmers. $26; ranch blacksmith.
$45;. 3 mllk^re. $30 and $40
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Baker. $45: third cook, 430, same country
hotel; third cook, R. R. eating house. $30, free
fare; German cook, small country hotel, $35;
German third cook, mine boarding-house. $30.
. Washer. $4i: polisher. $45. hotel laundry,
country; washer, hand laundry, country. $30.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary Bt.
A-WAXTED-
Butter maker for creamery.* $33 apd found
2 milkers, same ranch, fare paid $30
Milker, Point Arena.". $30
Man to milk few cows and make butter. ...»30
Milker for Plumas County Si*>
Farm hand and milk fia
2 vineyard hands... -. $»5
2 orchard hands.... ' »..I23
Farmer, Sonoma County ...$23
. Farmer, steady phye , .-...$21
Green German for ranch $20
Blacksmith and shoe, country shop. .$2 60 day
Gorman ranch blacksmith $'0
German ranch blacksmith helper.. ....$30
Engineer for hotel, city.. $30 and found
Baker for hotel, city »4>
Second cook for hotel, city. $25
Stock sawyer for furniture factory $2 dar
2 coopers, slack work $33 and found
Gardener, private place, country- $25
Laborer for factory, country — $25 and found
W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
COOK for hotel, country, $40* waiter, hotel,
city, T20, board and rwm; man and wife for
private place, garden work, woman to do
housework; Kood cook, references. $40, s?e.
party here: men for mill and woods; wood-
choppers, pine $175. redwood 75c: quarry-
men, laborers and ranchmen. CAL. EMP.
AGENCY, S3 Third ot. r_ '-
A GARDENER and wife for country (very light
work for wife). $30. fare paid; second cook,
• Salt Lake City; $30 to $60, see party here;
third cook." $30. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO..
325 Gears- st.
OXE sash and door man, three cabinet makers,
country, non-union, no office fees. MECHAN-
ICS' REGISTRATION BUREAU. 410 Kearny.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. Hi
. Turk; tel. Folsom 15S3. 1. LESS.' Secretary.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no Cc shop In connec-.
tlon with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
, to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay.
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
ERRAND boy about 15 years of age residing
with parents: recommendation required. Call
Safiirday between 10:30 and 12. J. BRANDT,
413 Battery st. '
WAXTED— Sober, reliable plumber by the
I month; handy with tools at any mechanical
' work: only capable man need apply. WM.
PARRISH, 646 Folsom St.. city, at 5 p. m.
WANTED— A young man about 18 years of
aRP to work In grocery; must speak German
and have eome experience. Apply 458 Sixth.
WANTED — Young man between 16 and 22 for
assistant in dry goods store; 6 o'clock house.
Box 2164, Call offlce.
WANTED — Experienced butter maker for .
creamery. ! Address Xlarysvtlle Ice and Cold
Storage Co.; MarysVllle. Cal.
BRIGHT boy to work In shirt factory with
opportunity to learn cutting. 38 Geary St.,
room 46^ . , •
WANTED— Piano player; one who plays by
note. $10 week. Apply Old Grotto, Seventh
and -Market sts. ; ' .,- ' ' ¦
BOY wanted. a«e 8 to -12; must be. badly
freckled to show after treatment; good wages;
permanent. DR. FOWLER. £20 Jones st. I
A— BOY to drive light delivery wagon. -Apply
D. McRAE, 837 Mission st.
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 1078
Market St., near Seventhi
GOOD barber from 9:30 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.; $3
¦, guaranteed. 632 Clay »t. . - - ¦
GOOD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
— Ji;- r "' > 'Wanhlngton st. . ~ :
BARBER wanted for Saturday noon and: Sun-
day; wapes $3 50. Call at 303 Sixth st.
BARBER for Saturday night and Sunday. 1337
¦ Dupont st. - . ¦ - ¦¦ i. ¦ - ¦•¦¦ --
WANTED— Dlemaker. locksmith or vise hand.
W. X. GUTZMAN, 170S Pwtght way, Berkeley.
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply S. N. WOOD &
CO.. "IS Market st. . ¦¦ -
BRIGHT boy about 15 years for general work
in store. MARKS BROS., 1212 Market st.
COAT, pants and vest maker for country. Ap-
ply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Eottom .finisher; also freer.
Wcntworth-Swltzer Shoe Factory. 26 Main st.
WANTED— Gardener to work In nursery. 215
¦ Hayes st. . - . ,
WAITER .wanted; wage* $25. Apply immedl-
• ateljv Troy Hotel, ¦ 506 Twentieth St.." Potrero.'
ERRAND boy. Call after 9 a. m. ; references.
108 . Sixth st. ; store. ;. .: *
SHOEMAKER wanted for repal ring and must
have tools; steady work. 871 Market at.' .
STOCK sawyer 4 for furniture factory. 3071
Seventeenth St., near ; Folsom. •
SOBER, reliable man to plow orchard. Address
Frult,,box 2112.- Call efflce. ;-.-'.
"THE Chicago" _ typewriter, price $35, at 423
California st. ; agents wanted. . . ;
WANTED— A gardener to raise cut flowers,
, with chance.to.be partner. . Call at 1149 Polk.
WANTED— 100 .men to take rooms, 1 10c, 15c and
I 20c. Boston House, J30 Howard «t.
10- TEAMSTERS: - steady .work; $2 per day.
Anply- at ¦ stables ln;rcar 112 Nlnth"»t. .-;-•
'lIELP WAXTED— 3IALE.
A MACHINISTS MACHIXISTS
2 more machinists, country shop. ¦'« ! J^y
<„>, »3 w «a.y
"MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A-MURRAY & READY Phone Main 531S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
....White male help of all kinds furnished....
FREE OF CHARGE TO
Every Employer of Help ..••.•
Xo syndicate too IafKC no firm too small tor
us to supply. Xo objection to distance. We
ship good help to all parts of the world.
Employers of help: Fhone. telegraph, write
or cal! in person and procure your help rrom
MURRAY & READY. ":;•
We gave employment , - ,- «nn -r.
In 1S97 _ upward of li.OOO men.
In 1SS8 to upward "of 19.000 men.
In 1S&9 to tipward of 11.000 men.
In W0 to upward of 35.000 men.
HELP WAXTIXG WORK— Hundreds of
places awaiting your selection.
COME READ OUR BULLETIN BOARDS. ¦
MURRAY .°r HEADY. ,634-633 Clay st.
A-HELP WAXTED 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Blacksmith, mining company JOT
4 blacksmiths, city and country
%2 :o Cay and »«£> and found
Sash and door maker W da>'
Sheetiron worker.. *2 -» day
Machinist, lathe ha-id 13 60 day
FARMS. ORCHARDS. ETC
4 plow teamsters, large ranch "30
5 farm hands, same ranch »^>
2 farmers, vineyard V';t5
15 farm and orchard hands t*6 and «0
• 8 milkers *30 and J3j
• MISCELLANEOUS
4 laborers for the mines *30 and found
Stableman, country J 30
Choreman, private place ..Choreboys
Man and wife for ranch on shares
Stage driver £0 woodchoppers (
...HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC j
Baker, country hot^I. *»*
Assistant butcher, country hotel..-.
10 waiters, city and country »30
Second cook. *30
German cook. S40 6 cooks.
city and country. 140 and $50: cook and dish-
washer, same country hotel. 50 and J20, see
boss here •
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— Man with light wagon to advertise
and x sell a well-known cereal product in San
Francisco and adjoining towns; salary 165
first month; steady ''rnployment and more pay
If successful. Box 21*1. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS machine draughtsman and de-
signer; technical man preferred; state ex-
perience, age and salary expected; excellent
opening for competent man. Box 2145, Call.
WAXTED— Bright. Industrious boy to work in
general merchandise stor*: must furnish firsrt-
class references. Apply before 9:30 a. m.. _17
Webster st.
WAXTED— Experienced domestic and drapery
salesmen; state age. experience and salary
expected. Address box 2153. Call office.
AM, sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, halt
price. £62 Mission i-t., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WAXTED— Young man for porter work; state
ase and salary expected. Address box 21_.
Call office.
WAXTED— Young man. age IS to 21, experi-
enced In camera and kodak supplies; state ex-
perience and salary expected. Apply box 2128,
Call office.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House- proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third at.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
PARSERS' all invited to call and see the latest
improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back"; It's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters, 723 Market St., first floor up.
WANTED— 1000 men to try the best 10c and 15c
• meals In. the city at 410 Kearny St.; the
Maine Restaurant.
EXPERIEXCED Jewelry salesman: permanent
position: city; state' where previously em-
ployed and at what salary. Box 2133, Call.
MEN tr> learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard St.;
no barroom chairs used In this college.
BRIGHT men of good address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 302 Post St. .
GET your shoes balf-roled while waiting; 2"c
to 5Cc. 552 Mission St.. b*t. 1st and 2d sts.
KARBKR shop Tor sale; good location; cheap
rent. 5^ gtettart st.
j BARBER shop for gale. W. call Immediately:
rent $10; three living room". 1612Vj Folsom.
ENORAVERS wanted. Apply CALIFORNIA
PHOTO-ENGRAVING CO.. 513 Market st.
JIcDOXALD & PERJ'Y have . "CO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply at E27 Fourteenth
street.
SAILORS, blacksmith.*, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 2« Steuart.
TENSIONS— .1. II. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. SP6 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
V.'IXCHESTER .House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 2Cc night: reading-rooms; free
• 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
i CLASSIFIED advortls»-ments and subscriptions
| receive-.! at Call branch office. 22CO Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
• subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia St.
: HOUSES AXO WAGONS.
I TWENTY head of well-brcken driving and
work horses, matched teams; also a number of
broken young mules, 1200. FRED II. CHASE
& CO.. 1732 Market st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
rarts. fia'rr.e??. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
| S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Us
3d PPFsicn June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. J10 Golden Gate ave.
FINE horse and buggy, also covered wagon. 2
. good horses and harness for sale cheap. 3211
Buchanan st.
A NEW pneumat!c-tlro-l road buggy. DR. I_
KRAKER. veterinary dentist. 164 Golden
Gate ave.. corner Leavenworth St.
THREE fast road hor-es; also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
THREE fine second-hand surreys; one 4-ton
_• express wagon. 48 Eighth «t.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness: wasom<,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1H0 Folsom.
AN A No. 1 express 'vagon. single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
"CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to .any address In the
. United States or Canada one year for fL
poRta-re paid.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN fc CO.. 14 Montgomery.
A HANDSOME residence with all modern Im-
provements, containing 11 rooms and banquet
hall, to rent; north side. 2912 Clay st.
NICELY furnished house, 3 rooms and bath*
will rent furnished cr unfurnished; reason-
able. 1G25 Post st.
$20: 6 ROOMS, bath, laundry: fine marine, view.
1912 Broadway, near Octavta St.' '
' HOUSES TD LET— FTJKS1SHED.
TO let— Nicely furnished 8-room house; electrlo
lights, porcelain bath, piano, etc. 617 Devlsa-
dero st.. near Hayes.
INVALID FURXITl'HE.
INVALID furniture and appliances; saleor rent.
F. GOODBAN. 1117 Van Ness ave.. nr. Post st.
LOST AXD FOOD.
LOST— Wednesday afternoon, diamond stick
Din. on Fulton or Larkln sts., bet. Fulton
and Grove. Finder return to RUEDIGER
LOESCH'S Bakery. Ill Larkln st.. and re-
celve liberal reward.
ARASMO LUCtDO of Black Diamond will pay
. a reward of $40 to any ona who will return
to him a salmon net lost in the nelghbor-
hood of Rodeo, near Vallejo Junction. Feb. 27.
FOUND— Blue horse, weight about 1150; owner
can have same by paying expenses and prov-
ing property. Apply JOHNSON _ BROWN'S
dairy, near Six-Mile Howse, San Bruno road.
LEATHER notebook with name of owner In-
side. Return 511 Turk «t. ; reward.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 24S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mison.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious .'tones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of3ce. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at lOSo
Valencia at. -
MATRIMOXIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
MATTRESSES and upholstery: tel. South 792-
rfo order or renovated, feather /and hair
(steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
liable. HOPKE BROS.. 81S-320 Eleventh st.
MILL VA LLEY HOUSES TO LET.
C MONTHS or more. resldencTTTrooms mo<i-~
em Improvements, stable, convenient to de-
pot. orchard:-also flat,'7 rooms, stable large
grounds. : conveniently located. Apd'iv P
GARDNER. Mill Valley. Cal. "»»>¥ . ¦ r.
MEDICAL.
A-REN'OWXED »peciallst; those who deslrs to
obtain results promptly; ladles only: my reg-
ulator haa no equal: all classes of female
complaints relieved by treatment superior to
all others; the only treatment that helps tli«
unfortunate; the most obstinate cases ar*
Immediately relieved without pain: no other
treatment will do this; the most difficult
cases treated: sclentlHc methods guaranteed
DR. Q. XV. O DQXXE-L. 101S Mrkt. opp. 5th.
DR. and MRS. -DA VIES. 1_S Market, the weli-
known ladles' specialists; 32 years* practice;
perfectly reliable: a positive cure iraar_ntee4
at office; patients treated can return same
day: those wishing to treat themselves should,
wnd for the HINDOO HERB HOMETREAT-
MENT;a sure cure": gives instant relief; haxra-
. less; any one can use It: stamp for circular.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs.'
successful practice; iruaranteed treatment at
offlce: any ailment: home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post St., bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. D97 Market St.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladies* specialist: prlvat-?
hone before and during confinement.
MRi GOODWIN. 1033 Market— Private home
for patients before anil during confinement;
well known; implicit confidence; reliable.
DR. POPPER, specialist all female ailments;
practice 27 yrs. 323 Kearny St.: can be sent.
1IRS. DR. ALLEX- Removed to 1111 Market,
bet. Taylor and Mason: ladies' specialist.
.MIXES AXD MIXING.
MINTr'S bought and eold; also stocks in mines
and oil companies. Frof. John Tllton. rm-.
475-478. 4th floor. Parrott bldg: 10-12; 1-3.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, . englpes. "M -hand machinery. Me*
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN'. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters.
. linoleum, new and second hand: ws always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everytbin** In 24 hours. J.
NOOXAN. 1017, 1C19. 1021. 1023 Mission it..
above Sixth; write for catalocue.
A — BITTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler-, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITE— aw. 216 Spear »t.
FOR Sale— One SO-horsepower boiler. 2 drums.
Fulton mine hotst. For particulars address
J. PORRICELLA. Angels Camp. Cal.
TYPEWRITERS at Uny price to clo«e them
out: different makes; rail early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 4C3 California.
A — S>-TOS Howe wa-on scale; compound beam.
Apply at 216 Califorria st.
A— 13 AND 23 H. P. boiler: » H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. r» Beale st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. _ M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
Gasoline cr distillate enj-ines. new and 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. XEWEL.L. 5« Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern ensrtnes and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFO. CO.
CD-HAXD steam, fas, oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 513 Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern good*
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C9 Montgomery st.
SAFES— Xew and second hand. THS HER-
MAX SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento at,
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BUI— ARD St BRECK. 131 Post Bt.
SAFES— Xew and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 103-111 Market St.. San Fran.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. Jl per year.
3IISCELLAXEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Second-hand "drop head" htgh-
grade sewing machine for cash; stat* Prlc«
and make; no agents. Box 2098, Call, Oakland.
WAXTED— Second-hand one-hors» wagon suit-
able for bakery business. Box &3S, Call.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
EASTERN and I -ceil Capital to Loan.
...City and County Real Estate
.... Bonds Chattels Corporations ....
....All Kinds of Business Bought and Sold....
Investment . Securities
.. .Agents for City ar..l Country Real Estate...
Minln? and Oil Brokers .•
MONTGOMERY & CO.. 7C9-710 Emm
Spreckels Building-. 927 Market st.
A— MOXEY to loan at rates which peopte ean
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 9C9 Market tt
ANY proposition, any amount: 8 per cent; first,
cecond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAJ* & OLSEX.
ANY amount at 6 per cent; first. 3d and 3.1 mort-
gages, omlivlded interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing bustness else-
u-here. R.McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery ._ r. „
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. S4S Market
St.: tel. Main 104J. Branch W Third st.
LOWEST rales on furniture, etc.. by prlvat*
party: no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. JIESTTIAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market St., room 63.
2% on furniture and pianos: St.* up: no removal;
no commission; prlx-ate. Room 81. S Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security
HILL. rm. 4«, Merchants* Ex.. 431 California.
"¦W.0CO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. ****** Sansoma. r. _
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOU3LEY CO.. 221 Parrott building.
CASH loaned trt salaried peopleon note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelaa big.
MUSICAL nSTOUMESTS.
THERE arc bargains and bargains, but nj
bargain: 1 tha: can at all compare with the
bargains that we are offering. Just think of
a thoroughly good, reliable piano for j-.n that
can be warranted In every respect and sold
on ensy payments. By and by you can ex-
change It for a fine Decker & Son or Packard
and have the full amount paid on It go as
part payment. This Is one of the bargains
we have to offer. MAUVAIS" MUSIC CO.
?g) Market st. ¦
MAUVAIS* MUSIC CO.. 763 Market St.. are thu
agent; for Decker _ Son. Packard. Eaumeis-
ter. Smith & Barnes. Wiltard and Arlington
pianos.
ANY person ha vim use for 4. piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their -trade, from Stetnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any time
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for SS cash and
36 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos at SI. 14 and S**per month. SHER-
MAX. CLAY & CO.. Stelnwar dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oa_ -
land. ;
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hous*
west of Chicago Is KOHLGR A CHASE'S. ~8.
is and 30 O'Farrell at.: pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of alt grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy tha
customer^ •'"I -*
A— SLAUGHTER sale of high grade new and
second-hand pianos to realize advances and
storage (Installments). WILSON'S 8TOR-
ApE. 170S Market st.
A FEW new pianos for S—O: second
hand from $30. BENJ. CUKTAZ _ SOU.
16 O'Farrell st, ' Chickerlng and Vose agency.
FINE standard upright piano, al-o parlor set;
sacrifice ; leaving. 321 Golden Gate ave.
J175— STEINWAY upright. Room 38. Z17 Geary
street.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Steinway.
Knabe and others. BKUEXN. 209 Post st.
NEAT, umall square, *35. 11 Avery St., bet.
Geary and Post, Fllhnore and Stelner.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones St.
CLOSING out stock of elegant pianos: send
for price. W. C. HAMILTON. 8' Flood bldg.
WANTED — Five good square pianos for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. 303 Post st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. WUey B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. IS McAllister St.. next Hib. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUXG. 218 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. asency Sohmer & Co.. Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Spellman planoa. 3CS Post.
AT KEEFTE'S, 933 Market st, 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, aithers. old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 8 Latham place.
A WEEK'S newa for S cent*- The Weekly Call.
18 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. » per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET. f
CORXER store— West corner Fourth and Perry
' sts.: occupied as grocery and bar for past 30
years: rent SCO; wntir free. Apply to O. H.
TTMRSEM _ CO.. 14 Montromerv mt-LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. March 8.'
Bchr La Oironde, Hanson. 4 days from Grays
Harbor. '< '
Schr;Chas R Wilson, Johnson, 4 days from
Grars Harbor. •
DOMESTIC PORTS
SAN DIEXJO— Arrived .March 8— Stmr Nome
Oty, hence March 6;. schr Bertha Dolbeer,
from" Eureka. ¦¦• ' , - ¦
Sailed- March t— Stmr Aberdeen, for San
Francisco. .
ASTORIA— Arrived • March 8— Bchr Falcon,
from • Port Gamble. -
GRAYS • HARBOR— Arrived : March 8— Sch'r
Roy Somers, from San Pedro; »chr Lizzie
Vance, hence Feb 26.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
S. J.. and Eleanor L. Tlchenor to Edwin D
and Austin K. Tlchenor, lot on 8W corner Of
Webster and Jackson streets, S 25 by W 87 G
reserving life estate; JKOO. * " °" v>
Emma H. Brown (widow) to Alice M. Wood
(sinele>. lot on 'S line of Oreen street 1<>2-u
W of Flllmore. W 25 by S 137:«; Jio.
Dyfon D. Wass to Kenneth C. Rlckard lot
on NE corner of Waller and Pierce streets N
25 by E 100:3: J<50O. ... . v- lB>
Georglna Hanson to William 1 lelblne lot on
E line of Parkor avenue, 525 N of Point Loboa
N 25 by E 120; Jl. . -,¦
William and Jennie Helblng to James Mul
queeney, tame; 12000.
Joseph B. and Mangle Clark to Frank De
martlni, lot on E line of Treat avenue 71:*
S of Twenty-first street, S 34:4 by E 100- '13500
City and County of San Francisco to James
and Winifred O'Donnell. lot on 8 line of Dor
land street, 113 E of Church, E 25:0% by S
Anglo-Callfornlan Bank Ltd. to Marraret R
Purcell.MTaO D. 1«4, lot on W line of Hardv
6treet. 260 N of Seventeenth, N 25 by W Jo
deed made by John I 1 . Broiler to secure pay
ment of 'all sums due to first party, reconvey
ance deed; t . _ ¦
Estate of Louisa B.,Dcvoe (by A. N. Drown
and George L. Underhlll,' executors) to Joseph
Mngner, lot on W line of Montgomery strA#t
S6 N o^ Jackson. N 25 by W 107:6. and Dartv
walls adjoining on N and S; $3000. 'VT...
William and Charles Beta to Charles Wlliem
and Ell*abeth R. Thlelbar. lot on S line of
California street. -1O3:1V4 E of Stockton E
S4:4li, S 137:6. .W.. 68:9., N 37:6.E «:<'« v 1M
JSOCO. ¦ . '
1^. A.; and ¦ Mary Guerena ;to Armand and
Sarah "Plcard, lot on E line of Mason street
43 S of Pacific, 8 25 byE 73:6; also lot on S
line of Pacific street,. 75 :6E of Mason E mu
by 8 62:6: J4000. . ,' *
Frank and Lina ¦ McDonald to Henrlette Xm
Provofet. lot on NW line of Jessie street 353
SW of First, SW 15 by NW 62: $4000.
Ellen Feehan. to Christian Froellch, lot on
SK line of< Howard street, 2S0 SW of First
SW 25 by SE 85; J8000. *
Robert H. , and Dora O. Sway ne to Charles
L. Tild>n. -lot on 6E line of Perry street. 325
BW of Fourth. SW 25 by SE 80; J3000.
¦Potrero. Nuevo, Land Company, a, Everett
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
M Rotter, Chicago '
N J Sorensen & w. Or
F W Shark & w. Mont
J F Hnrruck &w, Mont
E H Wlnshl? & w, Cal
Mrs C W .Brega. Chgl
Miss lenders. Chicago
F A Ineersoll, N Y
W B Stevens Jr, N Y
J Kaufman w, N Y
I Straus, N Y
R Phelps Jr and wife,
Detroit
C Markell & w, Minn
Miss E M Markell, Du
luth
L Isaacs. Los Angeles
A B Hart & w. Mo
Miss Hart, St Louis
W A Hart. St Louis
H W Cady. Plttsburg
Miss Cady. Pltt»bur<
N S Hoi>e, Boston
C W Simpson Chicago
R A Lenlcke. Ind
J R Grldley, U b N
F S Bennet, Chicago
Mrs C H Clark, Seattle
J H Friend, Ohio
F J Post & w. Mass
Miss A Bean. Colo .
E E Bean. Colo
W J -Hade & w. Ch»o
E E Hamlin & w, Chg
O L Jaeser. N Y |
F K Rule. Los Angeles i
Mrs Harrell. Palo Altai
O W McElroy, U S N
F K Fuller, Boston .
L T Wright. Keswick
J W Burdlck k w, NY
Ml*3 Burdlck, N Y
F 8 Glass. Berkeley
J M Chapman. N Y
Miss S C Wlggan. N J
Miss L Wlffg-an, N J
W II Brennan. N Y
Mrs C M Crouse. N Y
Miss M Crouse. N T
C M Crouse. N Y
J H Climes, Denver
C L Peters. N Y
W E Wooley. Buffalo
W F Carey, N Y
S Canaron, Mich
W S Badger. Mich
J E McDonald. U S N
Mrs O Harry. Cal
E J Henry, Chicago
J Bond & rr. N Y
Miss Hodge. N Y
C P Bond. N Y
W D Robinson. Cal
Mrs S M Phillips. Cal
Miss M Phillips, Cal
M S Phillips, Cal
W R Clark. Kan City
J L Mahln, Chicago
R W Foster. N Y
W E Dunn, Los Ang
S S Raymond, Cal
J F Peters. Stockton ,
J Finnell. Tehama
R P Eary, Mo
M Miller. Los Angele3
J F Ll.idle. Iowa
D M Morris. Chleaeo
I) S Johnson, Ohio
S J Johnson, Ohio
Raymond Excursionists.
B A Crozer
J P Crozer & w
Miss M Crozer
Miss Ida I Hlnes
E L Bailey & w
O Barthol & w
Miss E Butterfuss
O W Werster & w
Miss II L Werster
Mlis E W Werster
M Bryan & w
A Kaul Sr & w
Miss Kaul
Louis Streuben
Miss F Streuben
DrJO Clark & w
B Relsel & w
MIhs M L Deener
W J Bade & w
F H He!b & w .
E S Keyes A w
W Kins & w
W J Moore & w
D McKelvey & w
J P Mathleu & w
W F Mcsser k w
S C Fr«xler A w
W K Park & w
M K Reeves & w
C N Ruschenberser &w
J A Vlll & w
A B Woodworth & w
G Welsbrod
J 8 Westcott
C P Rutledre
H J Darnel I
Jamts Dunn
Miss M Dunn
Col S S Abernathy
Miss F Abernathy
Mrs M Ramsey
Mrs Loula Moore
J R McVeety
C O Abbott .
O F Boyd
Mrs McCormlck
R McKelvej- & w
GRAND HOTEU
J H Orn, Indiana
W T Mead, Ixm Ane
J I. Fulton, Chicago
It B Conroy, Chicago
C L Russell & w. Cal
S M Landford. Mo
E W GlfCord, Iowa
F F Lawlor. NT
H Ettenson & w, Kans
M M Payne & w, Iowa
F W Muller & w. Cal
F T MeCrea, Farso
I> R P Hill & f. Wash
F Lee& w, Seattle
D L Keyt, Portland
H Bronnent. Va
W Clark & f. Colo Spr
V M Kultenrich, L. An
W H Gehrkens, L Ang
T Mau, Los Ang
H C Staver & w. Ills
O W JTuller & w. K C
H Slmmonii & vr, Tenn
Mrs F II Ives, Charo
O H Bennhard, Fresno
W Ash & w, Berlin
C Brown, Chleo •
O W Nancy. Seattle
S Canava, N M
N E Plckett. Placervtl
F \V Hall, Ik>tse City
J Weldon, Nebr
Mrs A Joppay. EIko
Freda Joppay, EIko
Jennie Joppay. EIko
G Dunphy. Mlllbrae
G I Gustln. Rochester
J S Nourse. Stanford
F B Abbe. San Jose
R P Cross. Stanford
II Wilson &. w. Ohio
W C Stone, Stanford
O Weir. Petaluma
F B Hoover, Chicago
J Boyd. Palo Alto
A Paulson. Redwood
B Boyd. Palo Alto
M Mead, Los Ang
L O Flxen, Chicago
N C Fc*ter. Chicago
J Young Jr. Pittsbilnr
S H Bullard & w. Md
C A ; Beckwlth. Sacto
P O Norbey & w, Cal
H nutrlch. San Lula O
Miss Bradley. Ill
R A Cobbtld. China
T Houlihan. Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
G E Martyn. Cal
B Stern, Oakland t
T Byrne, Valley Ford ,
J Shaughnessy, Saclo
E C Dearborn, Racto
H II Holt, Conn
XV Wuff. Conn
W N Koegler. w St d.
Pittsburg . -
R Belt. Seattle
Mrs H Rice & d. Wash
P H Klrwan & w,
St Paul
Miss Mason, Victoria
Mr Cleowar & w, Iowa
H S Cowen A w. Iowa
C Flnbers it w. Cal
C O Boncoft, N T
C D Etter. Kansas
IK W Ebertow, Cal
C R Burrow* & w. 111
|J D»?Mllt. Chicago
IN Herrman, Mo
Miss I Dale, Colo
Drowned in a Canal.
FOLSOM, March 8.— The body of a man
about 65 years of age was dragged from
the canal to-day by the attaches of the
Folsom Power Company. The dead man
was a stranger In Folsom. but was seen In
this vicinity In the last few days. Noth
ing was found on the body that would
lead to his identification. Whether he
came to his death accidentally or with
suicidal intent Is not known.
SAN JOSE PLANNING
FOR A CELEBRATION
Heal Estate Boom Expected to Follow
the Opening of the Coast
Hail-way.
SAN JOSE, March 8.— A movement has
been Instituted by a number of business
men looking to a celebration In this city
In honor of the arrival of the ilrst train
over the new coast road. The sentiment
Is unanimous, and the Improvement Club
will take the matter up and make ar
rangements. The first train ¦will arrive
hero on Sunday, and It is proposed to hold
the celebration the next day. Speech
making and a general jollification have
been suggested.
A remarkable change has come over
the conditions of the local real estate
market in the past sixty days, and a
email boom is expected when the trains
of the coast road commence r&nning-. N'oc
in seven years has there been such a de
mand for real estate by buyers, and rent
able , property Is almost unobtainable.
Many sales have lately been made and
inquiries are numerous. The bulk of the
transactions Is in city realty and income
paying property. Although there is some
demand for orchard property, moat of
those Investing in outside property take
unimproved lands. Real estate agents
are preparing for what they believe will
be a rush when the coast trains are run
ning. \
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A. ..120 122',i Oceanic SS Co 55, 6«
Cal Fruit Can. 9SlilW»Vi Pac A F A 1% 3\i
Cal Wine Aen.100 — Pac C Bor Co.l52'/4 —
Mer Ex Assn..lO2V£ — Par Paint Co.. 12Vi —
Morning Session.
Board—
23 Giant Powder Con SI 00
1S5 Honokaa 8 Co 33 00
5 Hutchlnson 25 50
10 Oceanic S S Co 56 00
20 Oceanic S S Co 55 60
90 Oceanic S S Co 53 00
a Oceanic S S Co 54 75
323 Onomea Sugar Co 290 75
20 Pacific Coast Borax 155 00
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
75 S F Gaslight 4 37ft
Street— • *
$5000 Market St Ity 1st Con 5s 120 75
10 Pacific Gas Imp 41 G2»i
Afternoon Session.
60 Cal Safe Deposit 105 75
150 Equitable Gas 3 50
SO Honokaa Co 33 00
35 Hutchlnson S P Co 25 50
60 Kllauea Sugar P Co 23 50
5 Oceanic S S Co 55 50
70 Pnauhau S P Co 34 00
25 Pacific Coaat Borax 154 'SO
BOS F Gas & Electric Co 47 50
$1000 S P of A Bonds 112 23
25 S V Water 9150
11000 S V Ss 112W
Street —
$12000 Northern Cal Ry 5s Ill 25
$2000 Omnibus Cable 6s 129 00
PRODUCERS 1 OIL EXCHANGE.
. - . Morning Session.
1000 Aetna 27
200 Bear Flag ....: 21
600 Cala-Stnndard, ,b SO 52
CCO Cala-Standard 51
300 Gold Dollar 40
1 Hanford 100 60
5 Harford 100 50
2 Hanford .: 98 00
H Hanford 97 00
100 Home OH 4 15
600 Home Oil 4 10
110 Home Oil 4 00
100 Independence 20
17m Junction ...' C6
100O Junction 55
5 Kern 8 S7V?
35 Kern *. 8 75
150 Monte Crlsto 2 25
200 Occidental of W. Va tS
1000 Petroleum Center, b 30 17
700 Petroleum Center -16
100 Reed Crude Cl
20 Reed Crude 58
100 San Joaquln Oil & Dev 11 50
' 100 Sterling » 2 55
1 Sunset (original) > .: .100
100 Superior ~. 2S
. - Afternoon Session.
Board— f
100O Cala-Ptanrtard, e 30. 50
100 Cala-Standard. b 30 52
100 Cala-Standard 51
lOf'O Cala-Standard 52
50 Caribou 75
1500 Four OH Co 60
1 Hanforrt 97 00
50 Homo Oil 4 00
1000 Independence ....'. 20
1100 Junction rfi
100 Junction 55
200 Junction 17
20 Lion Oil Co 20
100 Monte Crlsto 2 25
10O Monte Crlsto 2 JO
150 Monte Crloto 2 32^
250 Monte Crlsto ; 2 45
100 Monte Cristo, s 60 2 40
100 Occidental of W Va 58
100 Occidental of "W Va £5
240 Occidental Of W Va 66
1700 Petroleum Center 18
200 Sterling 2 50
100 Wolverine 1 42»4
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
S00 Cala-£tandard go
2C0 Cala-Standard, b GO 51
500 Cala-Standard, b 30.." .'....." 51
1 Hanford 102 00
200 Junction 60
ICO Monte Crlsto 2 22 : A
6C0 Oil City Petroleum 25
2000 Reed Crude , 62
. Street—
50 San Joaquln O & D Co 11 62ti
Afternoon Session.
Board—
5 Hanfonl $s 00
2*Hanford 97 CO
1 Hanford 96 CO
ICO Home Oil 4 10
600 Lion • 20
1000 Lion Ji
BOO Oil City Petroleum 25
100 San Joaquln O & D Co u 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
c!f>co Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Alpha Con. 06 200 Sierra Nevada. 29
100 Best & Belcher 13 100 Union Con...... 18
400 Gould & Curry. 18 1C0 Yellow Jacket.. 19
100 Mexican 17
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha 06 600 Gould. & Curry. IS
BO Andes 05 1200 Overman u
100 Best & Belcher 20 £00 Yellow Jacket.. 19
BOO Best & Belcher 19 -
. Following were the, Bales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
¦ ¦'' •' *- •¦ Morning Session. * ~\^'
300 Best & Belcher 20 500 Overman ins
400 Con Cal & V.I 62H 500 Savage 10
300 Gould & Curry. 17 3W sierra Nevada,. 23
150 Ophlr "... 65 800 Yellow Jacket.. 19
Afternoon Session.
850 Belcher 11 25 Overman os
200 Con Cal & V.I 62H 300 Sierra Nevada.. 30
200 Confidence 7» 100 Union Con 20
1000 Justice 03 200 Utah ns
100 Ophlr 6? 200 Yellow Jacket... 18
200 Ophtr 67'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
FRIDAY, March S-4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I - -Bid. Ask
Alta .'......¦..... 02 <M' Justice 02 03
Alpha .......... 05 0G Julia 01 02
Andes- 05 M Kentuck Cl 02
Best & Belcher 19 20 Mexican IS 19
Belcher .. 11 12 Ophlr 67 68
Bullion 01 02 Overman 10 11
Confidence ..... 71 75 Occidental 03 05
Con Cal & Va..l 60 1 65 Potosl 14 16
Chollar 08 .07 Savage ......... 03 h
Crown, Point.... 11 12 Silver Hill...... 44 46
Caledonia ...... 66 70 Standard 3 90 —
Challenge .; is lSlYellow Jacket.. 13 20
Exchequer 01 02; Sierra Nevada.. 23 so
Gould & Curry. 18 IS Seg Belcher..... 01 C2
Hale & Norcrs. 14 15 Utah 04 05
Imperial ...-..'... 01 "OJlUnlon Con.:.:.. 13 20
Continued TYc^m Page Ten.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Claims His Mother-in-Law Shot Sim,
but It Is B'lieved He At
tempted to Commit
:< Suicide. . ,
Special Dispatch to The Call,
VALLEJO, March 8.— Miles Sears was
found at 2:30 o'clock this morning wander-
Ing along Georgia street with a lar^e
wound in his left breast from which blood
was flowing copiously. Officer Williams
took him to Dr. Bond, who found a ball
from a 32-caliber revolver lodged in the
muscles of Sears' back. The bullet had
entered two and a half inches above the
heart, inflicting a dangerous wound. After
extracting the bullet and taking from the
wound a piece of cloth which had been
carried in by the lead. Dr. Bond sent
Sears to the receiving 1 ship Independence,
to ¦which he is attached
Sears, who is an acting boatswain In
the navy, accuses his mother-in-law. Mrr.
Sheehan, of Vallejo, of having shot him.
Mrs. Sheehan disclaims all knowledge of
the affair. It is said Sears has had vari
ous quarrels of late with his wife's family
and he is known to possess an Irritable
disposition. -
The general belief is that Sears' wouPv!
was self-inflicted. Sears was under tlie
Influence of liquor. He had applied lor
leave of absence from the Independence,
.which was refused by tho captain of that
ship. Sears then manufactured a storv to
the. effect that the commandant of the
navy yard had given him permission to go
to Vallejo and told it to the executive offi
cer after the captain had left the sh'.u.
The dodge worked and Sears obtained
permission to leave the vessel. ,"
While in "Vallejo Sears occupies a room
at the Hollman House. The other room
ers say they heard no shot*, but a 32
caliber revolver was found In the room
he occupied and it is with this weaDor
he Is supposed to have inflicted the wound
which may cause his death.
Sears got his appointment recently and
has not yet received his warrant. Th'i
affair may cost him his chances in the
r.avy if not his life.
Naval Boatswain Picked Up
Sorely Wounded at
Vallejo.
TRAGEDY CLOSES
DRUNKEN SPREE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSH. March 8.— Because th»
Healtn Inspector had insisted that he
keep the cowyard clean John Murphy, a
dairyman, became despondent and killed
himself this morning. Murphy took dras
tic measures and precautions to make
death certain. First he drank a pint of
wood alcohol and then he cut his throat
from oar to ear with a razor. The Jugu
lar vein was severed and he bled to death.
Murphy was 23 years of age and resided
with his parents at 707 South Ninth street.
He conducted a Bmall dairy at Fifth and
Margaret streets and had a milk route.
The dairy was sosrjjy and filthy and
Health Inspector Connor ordered him to
clean It. Murphy delayed action and the
health authorities threatened his arrest.
This led to his despondency.
Murphy's relatives called him at 1
o'clock this morning and he arose and
went to the barn to milk his cows. Ho
did not appear at breakfast time and a
younger brother was sent to learn the
cause. Murphy's body wa% found lyinjr
in a pool of blood In a shed. Beside him
was an empty bottle that had contained
the alcohol and beneath his blood-stained
hand lay an open razor.
Some 'of the cows had been milked and
the milk strained. In the mltlit of his
labors he had stepped aside to kill him
self.
John Murphy Grows Despondent
When He Is Informed That He
Must Renovate His
Cowyard.
Health Order ;impdla a
San Jose Dairyman to
Suicide.
PREFERS DEATH
TO CLEANLINESS
Ball and C. C. and Winnie G. Trlpp to Fred
erick Hlllen.i, lot on E line of Potrero avenue.
2tO N of Seventeenth (Santa Clara), N 25 by
E 1C0; ?15C0. . r- ¦ •
, Thomas P. and Catherine M. O'Dowd to I.
C. and Clara A. Coggln. lot on , E line of
Fouith avenue, 1C0 S of Clement . street. S 25
by E 120, quitclaim deed; $450.
Louis H. Knhn to -'Walter B. Kohn, lot 7,
block 45, City Land Association; tfOO.
Esther E. Crockard to Alliance Building and
Loan Arsoc!atlon, lot on N line of Fifteenth
avenue south. 160 SE of Q street. SE 23 by NE
100. block 2»2. O'N. and H Tract: $11)00. .
John A. and Jane O. Claytone <by F. B.
Worley, commissioner) to Thomas '-W. Rivers,
lets 42 to 44. 51. 52 and 53. Haley Map I, Pre
clta'Valley lands; WOO. • /Sr*V
Masonic Cemetery Association of San Fran
cisco to Albert E. Cochran. lot In said ceme
tery; 1210.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Nellie L. Graham (owner) with Philtp
Rive (contractor), plans . by contractor — All
work"" for two-story" and basement frame
building (flats) on lot on W line of Jones
street, 25 N of Greenwich, W 112:6, N 27:6,
E 112:6, S 27:6; $5900.
Louise Neppert (widow) (owner) with Rich
ard Keatlnge (contractor), R. H. White archi
tect — Concrete work. Including excavation,
pumping, twisted Iron rods In walls, basement
floors, sidewalk arches and granite curb*
(front sidewalk to be let to this contractor by
separate contract), for three-story and base
ment brick building on lot on SE line of Mis
sion street, 250 NE of Second, NE 25:8 by SE
80; J2725.-~
Miss Mary F. McEneany (owner) with Ira
W. Coburn (contractor). William Koenlg ar
chitect — Excavating, concrete and brick work,
lumber, carpenter and mill work, plastering,
tinning, glass, glazing, hardware and elec
tric work for a three-story frame building
(three flats) on lot on W line of Masonic ave
nue, 175 8 of Waller street, W 106:3, S 25, B
106:3, N 25; $1372 50. .
Abner Doble Company (corporation) (owner)
with M. F. Gale (contractor) Henry H. Mey
ers architect— All work . for a one-story addi
tion to a brick machine shop on lot on S cor
ner of. Howard and Fremont streets, SW 157:6.
SE SO, KE SO, SE 11 :s, NE 137:6. NW 91:8;
f21i-0. -
Julius Huttmann (owner) with M. J. Sav
age (contractor), E. J. Vogel architect— All
work, except mantels, shades and chande
liers, for four two-story frame buildings (8
flats and two stores) on lot on NW corner of
Fifteenth and Folsom streets, thence along
Fifteenth 160 feet, N 85, E 75, S 50, E 35, S
35; $15,935.
THE SAN .FRANCISCO. CALL, SATURDAY, MARCH 9' lUjOI.
A • successful man is entitled to Ies3
praise than the man who makes another
effort after each failure.
13
ROOMS FOR HOCSI2KEKPING.
( EDDY; S33— 2 larve wc-'.l furnished connecting
rooms; private reeidenct-; no children^ :
ELLIS. JJl-Hulte 3 troms. J1S; 2 rooms J12. 1
front rfforn tlO; com;iVif for hoUH^kpg; sunny.
Fin?T. :*— 3 front sunny furniphed rooms,
buitable for housek<-«-j.in?; rent HO month.
IOLSOM. 77G'*— 2 neatly furnished connecting
roon t. for housekps: convenient; reasonable.
HOWARD, 7C1>^— Nicely tfurnisbeJ bay-window
suite with kitchen; man and wife; others.
HOWARD. lGOC-Larse bay-window front room.
kitchen; complete; housekpg: private; cheap.
HOWARD. 1703— A :iinny bay-window room.
nlciy furnlFhed; also single cne for housekpR.
MISSION. 1729 1 *. near Sixteenth: I sunny fur-
nished housekeeping j-ocms; bath: laundry; Je.
OCTAVIA. 414- -Three unfurnished housekeep-
Ifk room?. _____
OTARIiELL, 171— Sunny flat cf 3 housekeeping
roonir; nlrely ftirnUhed; reasonable.
I'OrVlT EODOS av^T. 2120—2 and a sunny fur-
nith.d houijekpg robnc: »9. J12: no children.
SECOND. 212— Well furnished for housekeeping;
1 n«at. clean and respectable: reasonable.
FIXTir. «3C— Front suite, furnished for light
I liKUKCkeepine; alro ether mornt.
6TOCKTON. COT— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 fjnry Tooins: b!so flngle rooms.
THIRTEENTH 1^. corner Howard — Alcove
tulle and kitchen, complete for hsekpg: $1C.
i CLASSIFIED afl\ertlsements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. ttOO Flllmore tt.
! a DRANC'I office/for Call advertlsemenw and
Fi;hsr- r :p»i-nE h.-J-. been established at 10*ti
Valonr'w rt.
| KOO3IS TO liCT — Fnrn. nml I'nfnrn.
i AROYLK. The— Ready for cccupancyr - Just
what rod have Iwen waiting for: most ele-
i pantiy' rnished roomtnB-hocse In the city:
parties with references invited to Inspect; all
i the !.ite«=t Improvements. McAllister «t,
I comer Larkin: rooms fhown In the evening:.
ROOMS TO LET.
; a— For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
1 nirhrd. unfurnished, with or without boatd.
! finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 23 Kenrny St., tsl. 2331 n*d.
i AIILBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave. — liet>t dol-
! lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
j ar.ee: larpo rooms; modern conveniences;
j rooms COe up: first -class meals 23c; free coach.
r-BRt"NS\VlCK HOUSE. 14? Sixth— Rooms I3c
to fl r-or n!sht; $1 25 to {5 per week, and light
housekeeping; cpen all night.
; BURNETT. 14:s Market (old No. 13C4)-Fur-
j nifheil rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
! BUSH. TM— 2 unfufr.ished rooms; French range,
¦ pas and bath; call after 7 p. m.
¦ CLAY. 1133Vi-Front furnlfhed parlor: bath;
Quiet; reasonable to working lady.
GOLPEX GATE ave.. 1204— Large double par-
lors, fur. orunfur.; good location for dentist.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission stu.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Eingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; efvator.
HOWARD. "IS. near Third— Large, sunny front
room suitable for 2: reasonable: also room
%'i per month for gentleman; bath.
LARKIN. Sl»— Sunny front room, suitable for
gentleman; gas. bath and phone: $7.
LEAVENWORTH. 405— Kurnlnhed front room;
ras, bath; rent 510.
MARKET. 1032 — Sunny front rooms; also single
rooms. .»¦
] MARKET. 1055— Sunny furnished rooms by the
day, w«»ek or month; bath; reasonable.
j MINNA. 745 — Single n»«ly furnished room* to
1 let: rent $5.
I NEW ARLINGTON, 1015 Market st.-Nlcely
I furnished rooms. J2 a week up: 3Sc a day up. I
! O'FARRELL. 2*»— Sunny furnished rooms and j
| offices: elevator: elec. lights; day. wk.. mo. J
I O'FARRELL. 74!— Nicely furnished parlor, c:i j
suite or single; g-as, bith. phone; $10 to ?24. j
O'FARRELL. 770— Handsomely furnished hack j
parlor and other rooms; running water; bath, j
POWELL. 617-Nlcely furnlehed ~sunny tu!te;
r.o children.
ROYAL House, 126 mils— Incandescent light;
reading-room, emoklng-room and ladles' par-
lor; rocmt, per nlKht, 3"c to II s"0; week, }2 to
JS: month. $S to {30: elevator en ground floor;
I room? with hct nnd cold water; baths. J
I nO?EDALE IIooic, 312-321 Ellis St. — Rooms.
I nlffbt, -•< to tl; week. {1 10 to II; open night. I
I SACRAMENTO. uS. cor. Larkin-EIegant fur- j
| nishtv! sunny frcnt rooms en suite or single. 1
' SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.. j
j near Market— Furnished rr unfurnished. j
I SHOTWFLL. 121. near Sixteenth— Large, gunny 1
I front room; double bed; cheap. t
j Kl'TTITR. 22f> l -i — Changed hands; rewly reno-
! vated; single' roorr.s. JS; suite*. $12 to $25 mo.
; Sl'TTER. ?4?— Handyofnely ftirnl*hed bay-win-
dow front room; hot and cold running water;
j central. I
| THE BERLIN, 238 Kearny-Elegant suites;
single rooms; running water: transient.
I VAN NESS ave.. 141»— Suite and single front
j runny room; gas; bath; tel.; private family.
! A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
i subscriptions has been established at I'.'-C
Valencia »t.
CLAFSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS AXD nOARD.
i AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with ann*x SOT California st., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates, j
EHOTWELL, 217— Two sunny furnished rooms, j
1 or 2 gentlemen, with or without board; rea-
sonable.
HANDSOMELY furnished rooms with board;
use of Darlor, Diano, phone. 8.*.0 Van Ness.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 41S
F!n.t ft.
I ROOMS WASTED.
I GENTLEMAN wants large room In private
family In vicinity of California and Leaven-
worth etc. ; rent not to exceed 112; oerma-
nent. Box 2165, Call office.
WANTED— Dry. lfcht room, suitable for light
manufacturing; any part of city. Address,
with terms, to C. F. E.. box 2156 Call office.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ™~
$l.V>,0f<0 TO loan on 1st mortsares: will loan on
SO per cent; easy payments; mutual plan.
Arply M. J., box 1476, Call office.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery *t., rooms 9-10: tel. 55&0.
ROOMS papered from 13 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 31> 3d St.; tel. Red 3J21.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. loth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 Cth; phone Mint 5.
SHOW CARDS AND POSTERS
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DEP-
MOND. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folsom 1M1.
.STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES^
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Conv
pany. 2320 Flllmore st.; phone Jackson 2S1.
PIEHCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co"
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEX WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion ft.; tel. Mint 1521. P. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. •
tel. Main 1S40; shipping- at cut rates.
~ TRUSSES.
MANXTA'R: elastic stocklnsrn. shoulder bracks,
supporter* made, repaired. Menge, £03 Kea my.
TVI'BWBITERSJIXD
GREAT~BAIUJAINS IN TTPEWRITER8^\v~i
sell better mcahlnes for less money than any
hou!«e In the city: rentals. tt.'The Typewriter
Exchange. £38 California; telephone Main 2WS.
LEGAL ADVERTISBMEXTS. -
IN ' thVsuperlor'Court of the eft Wn4 "County
cf Fan Francisco, State of Callfomla-In thu
matter' of Honolulu Sugar Company. * a cor-
pcrstlcn. upon Its application for a judgment
r,t dissolution. Notice.— No. 75.197. • Kept. 18.
Notice l% hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized tnd exltt-
Inc under and by virtue of the lawn of th*
Etat* of California, and having Its office and
Place of business In the city and county of
Pan Francisco, State of California, has filed
Iti application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of Its hoard of directors, addressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, Stata of California, pray-
ing for a judgment of dissolution of said
corporation; and that Monday, March -25th,
1901. tt 10 o'clock a. m.. «t the courtroom of
f«M court. Department No.'. 10, In the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the da;-, time
br.a place for the hearins: of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set ray
hand tnd affixed the official seal of raid Su-
perior Court, this 2ftth day of February. IML
(Seal] - - WM. A. DBANE. Cleric
My E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Cleri. (In"^
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 1911. WM. A. DEA.NK
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON, Deputy Clerk!
OIL LAXDS r*OIt SALE. I
- EEC 24. TS. rr>— M«.KIltrick rstented landfwill (
Rcll lf.O: ilglu in oil tread and has great pixs-
pcctlve value: owner ne^ds money. F. K
OKANNls. ::; Montetcnrry Ft.
A niOIPE ricce of prweo oil land In the Kern
t River £istr!'-t: Fpiendid chanc-e for an Invett-
tr'<"-.t. I/»"nard & Leonr.rd. J13 Montgomery.
-Tos»:rn n. topi.itz." sSTrine *t. '
ilElUJEH i'ROOUCEIlS* OIL EXCHANGE.
* - Country cori-esviiQence Hn!iclt»d.
rAIXTKUS AXD DECOnATORS.
VCXIS* i-a;«T. r.-Indory f=Ur>des: room? pnperfd, $3
up. 2ent»n & Hath. Sr« Pixth; open evening*.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROilK KOFPICI-^TT^ct^t'illXTra^rnTFtrTti
Taylor m.. bet: Geary and Pc^t; t*L Black 561. i
FAHTMCItS IVAXTED.
rArtTNRn wanted— ?:r«0 «-»»h: estahllshen j
f-issr factory: no exprrien^e: full value. CaM '
¦• .id.1ro«:s PCHMTDT6 Pharmacy. MI Krny. [
PATRVTS A5D PENSIONS.
¦ *l>vicn :?*?: no~ .-itarse untem Fuc-e*«sful. I
<;v.O. TV r.>:.ii'nn,I.. Lawyer, rxnmlner We.
PEXtSOSAjLsJ
A -IF your half 1* fn;'.iMK <^r you are bald, call
DR. G. S. MOORC i$S O^ary fl.. and you
will rua be Olzappolsted; thi* remedy it posi-
tively ;.'ur>.!antc-r'd; call or send for circular.
A CESTLCMAK, a litile owr 50. unblemi«="n*i1
oharartcr. go >d bufcaeaa an-I means, wishes
to meft a Protertant lad!' not over 30 of
mrare; r-bject. :natnn:ony; no trlflen; no ol>-
Jectioo to a ni.ltiw without Incuobrance.
!J<>x U6S, < a!' tifQc*.
. MU'|;L1:-AGED man wishes to meet middle-
.ik«1 Gcrnian lady; object, matrimony. Bex
»'¦ 2HV Call odce.
J0-) I>F,PIKAIJLn mm want wlve»: ladle* aj>ply
et tr.v olflce: no lee. BLACK. 223 Kearny St..
jwiai 4 and 5.
PROF, MEUGEN'S Mineral Oil and Balve; sure
cure tor drcpsy, 1 paralys'is, rupture; eye^lBht:
••onsultation at rooms 8 and P. 122S Market st.
JJUSKS* Detect!* 1 * Htireau. 127 Uontgomery nt..' \
roam Hi phone IVjFh Si?; chapes reasonable. ',
ELECTRIC light In every ro.im— Winchester j
Kot«-1. 44 Third St.. rn-sr Market: 7") roomf;
23c to Ji EO r*r nitrht: SI Mi to »S per v.ctk:
free 'bus and l-areag- to and from the ferry.
WHITE er.amH Iron b°ds. Flr.cl<\ thref-quarier !
or double. t2 a. EASTERN OUTFITTING i
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton Ft., near Broadway. j
A-tZ M DERBr and Kedora hats. $1 T5. Popu-
lar Trice Hatters, ifl> Kearny Ft., pear Tine.
FINE suit?, lift: dre.<s pantF. t: 73. MISFIT !
t'lOTHlXO PARLORK. 437 Montgomery «t.
FCHCK1L. to l»am hair-ir^ss'.nsr. hair work, man-
i'-.irir'c: private lessors or clasy. MISS A. V.
POTLE, 1T«4 Market, bet. Polk and Van .\>?p.
fl Wi;KKI.T: suits to order from genuine
Footch. J15 cr: fine die** stilt*. $» up: ele-
jrant ovcfCOatK, Jli LEON L.EMO8. 1117
Market «.. betv.e^n Seventh and Eighth.
I"!vIVATE detective work: re«snna+)le rates; 10
y*-ars' rxprlence. J. B. RAY, 3Z7 Jessie »t.
ASTHkIA; «ire tm*.t 31B&. sTil. LEE, Falii^
oak?, '^al.; rnute No 1.
H. SAI:RF.T. florist and decorator, is now at
r44 Genrj- St.: rhone 131.
SfASQCEBAOS costurri^*. play !>™ks. nips;
o-ur.try orders. GOLr'FTEIN A CO.. 733 Mkt.
Onop home Cfwri f.-ir Wealthy boy cr girl baby. I
Mrs. l>r. Funkc, 1416 KSirhth St.. Alameda. ;
FrniN'J Rtylea Ptand»-d patterns now ready. '
rDomestic"' offir«\ V2l MarkPt *t., nr. Sixth, j
FTITRFLT'OUS hair and moles destroyed with !
«-!<H-trlr ne«^dl*. M1?.S KATON. 1119 Sutter st. j
Bit LAMOTTlFi French Corn Paint, the best \
i rn cure; :.v; ail dpjpslsts. :
ALFRSDCSU Egyptiar- Hrnna; restore* Rray
'¦air to :t^ nntural clor: tl: at a.11 drugglnts.
rnvsiciASS axd surgeons!
IK. C, a O'DONNELL— Office and residence". I
If":'-. Market ct.. between Sixth and Seventh. I
IC1. WONG HIM. herb doctbr. euecessfully
tr*>at5 all diirayra of the human body; Fee
i— tlir.rr.lalf at office. 115-117 Magon. nr. Ellis.
RCAL KSTATE CITV FOR SALE. !
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS~l7sT !
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. W7 Marlret et.
tZTiL— O'F^rrfll et. ; large lot; 3 cottaRea; rents !
Jl 1 : a t-ncj>. j
ga-Two fiats, r, rocrr.s each; rent $30; Wl&Ia :
ere Jj'.i:. k (.'. Market st. . *,.
?ZV<<— Sacramento ft., east of Powell; rents
J'". < n» tf-nr.r.t 1^ scar*.
*:'<"> — Corner. 4t'x!<3, w:th g-ood 10-room houire; i
flyO* «t.
ITaOt^EteFROt rtfvr flats, ea^t of Van Ness !
a-, c. ; rents $72.
$"!.'— i«l Cartro St.. corner Sixteenth: fine 10- ;
ro-m re*iden<-c-; elceant appointments through- t
out: rrar.il view; lot 3Crl00. \
»sr,o(i— iicAiiister et. ; rents JSZ; great bargain; I
tr.vKt sell. i
!W-'~>— "hrer *-room modern flats; rented low,
?*¦". rear I^avmwonh st. :
i'.CU) — rnrtnf property; Ninth st., near Mis- j
ti( n: rer.t« Kl.
iV..(*Y>— Store r.nd twn gtrictly modern flats of !
7 iind 9 roomv, north cf Market st.
*U.5%— Leavenworth et.; rents $1C5; lot E5-foot
front.
*34.CO-';— Grand Investment of 4 brand-new
f.at>; rf r.ted for tl?); near Van Ness and Golden
*;*te eves., larre lot.
'.]," 'i— Kisht Frar.d flats, a and 6 rooms; near
J'tuy Et : lot 7."iXl37; pay? 10 per cent.
liS.000— Bui>lno5« prcperty of 4 stores and 8
fiat*; rer.ts J^JO.
t2$,(t<i— Mieeion-st. corner. 170x160; actually
»i>nii r^.dCO; tiiiisi b*U at once.
J4".«XfO— <Jorncr, Golden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6-
rent* ?r40.
KS,Do&— Grand corner: 60-foot front; few blocks
from Orphcum: l-avs 6 p»r cent net.
rT.'i.O'-iJ — Grand corner; 60-foot front; within a
fel'M k or Tivoli; old lmprovementf ; r<"nt» $450.
Other LaigainF.
Apply A. M. SPECK * CO., CE7 Market ft.
l::--'— CHEAPEST home In the city: to~effeot
quick tiij»: 4 moms and stable; well of water >
Vrocuifs KXt? gallons p^r day; ftreet accepted i
by city; cement eldewalk; plunk side en-
• mnre; part cash. Call Immediately on H
W. D.W IS. 4ir. Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
iTODEKN cottares and flats built: reasonable-
plan? furnished. GKOHGE M. SALSBURY*
bu'.ldPr; office 1S23 Market Ft.
FOR sale at a_barirain— That elepant new 10-
room house, TTt Cole st.; elegantly decorated*
c-rcn <!aily. , •. .'• :
::C7 WASHINGTON ST.
• *4SC0: m«?t be fnld en account of d-partuns;
cr 7 rooms and bath: lot 2TX327 :S!4.
FOR the best located lots In R'chmcni and the
rheapest call on V,*. j. Ounn. S30 Caiifornia.
X1I"PT s»ll-I choice level lots near cars J1IJ
*ach. Thlstletor. 27* Sadowa st.. Ocean View.
iV ycu have lots to oell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GL'NN. ao California «t.
REAL ESTATE COIXTOY— For Sale
FOIJ Eile — A beautiful home of 11 acres, about
l i in beating fruit trees; modern house of 7 i
rooms: windmill and tankhouee. barn and I
chicken-houses, etc. ; about 200 chickens, horse
nnd carriage, tools, etc.. Included; a good In-
come on the place; owner going to the old
country: price $4500: -terms to suit. Call or ad-
drens MR.S. L. JACOBSKN. LlvCTmore. Cal.
PT)H sale or trade on easy payment— 160 acres
KioA ranch In Lake Co.; on county rnad;
r.rtar echool; value $lC00. TV. L. FOSTER,
Kflaeyville. r>r *29 Stevenson rt.. S. F.
E GRIFFIN. 7IS Market at., near Call bldg.,
fcas printed lifts farms In Sonoma, Fhasta.
Clara. Santa Crut and other counties.
I'On K-r.t-IIai!'3y-F!2»a fruit and hay ranch;
near i>jy. Addresg r'ruit. box 21H. Call office.
T.-RITE J. TV. HORN, fl! Main. Petaluma, for
frt-e ocpy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
heal estate.
££SL y A^ E T-ChojcT^rt^r~buH(llnriot«r
near Ftation; Mwcrcd; San Ilafael water sys-
tem: reasonable price*. J. h. GILHCLY 17
V.r-Hle »t.. fp.n Franclnco. '
KEALTY TO EXCHANGK.
MARION UI'.IfHx ~~ ~~ r ~
'r.1 Market, near Call bid*. Tel Black 1S03
I Jjave a long ll«t or city and country prop-
»rty for and erchanre. Please call!
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.1JIKDA Itl-AL ESTATE.
KOnnCI-OStrRE r&Ve«— 3 f.,itar»i>. S rooms and
iMith: S!W> each: lot 40xlM; $500 cash. Two
now < ;i !tagcft n':w building; 5 and C roomt;
fbeap: ISWiS Fan Antor.lo ave., near Larayette
Ft.; < rooms, bath: lot 10x120; terms. Two cot-
tacf»: C rooms: *2VK) each: ternrn. Anythinr
newer old. J. H. YOl'NG, builder, lzd J'ark!
fZVi WILL build new cottage 6 rooms and bath"
lot MxlOO. San Antonio ave.. I block from Mor-
f.n ri.: <t $S"flO a 1-room cottage, same lot. J
». YOUNf;. bu»d>r. 12<? Park gt.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
Lh'FiCE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND FlttMTlKE FOR SALE.
AN introduction 10 you from H. Hchellhaas. the
furniture dealer, Uth and Franklin, OaJclaad.
BBhiiii— ¦— flHMHfflttmBiiMtiliiti*iiaiifciiiinniiiWiMiii'ii> irM'tiiiiiMim umiii nil it
I OCEAU TBAVEL.'
' Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
: ft Steamers leare Broadway
, flfc. wharf. Pan Francisco:
VSSteiAi.- For Alaskan I'nrts — U a. m..
Vj&XsSSVa. March 7, 12, 17. 23. Z7, April 1.
sgxCJpk Chance to company's steamers
&$§£"*?* JSAt f" 01 " Victoria. Vancouver <n.
fiSgN^^Ai C). Fort Townnmd, Seattle.
»l Tarorra. Everett. Anacorte*
iind New Whateom (Wash.) —
tl a. m.. March 7. 12. 17, 22. 27.
April 1. and every fifth day thereafter. Chans*
at Seattle for this coniDany'a st^nmers for
j Alaska and O. X. Ry. t at Seattle or Taeoma to
N. P. Ry. : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, HumboMi Ray— 2 p. m.. March
9. 14. 13. 24. 23. April 3, and every fifth day
thrr»aftrr. ' .
For Pan r>iego. «n1y at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Seles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Sant* Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. rn.
For Pant* Crtiz. Monterey. San Stmeon. Car-
nca*. Port Harfcrd (San Luis Oblspo>. Gavtota.
Santa Barbirn, Ventura. Hucneme. Snn Pedro.
East Son Pedro <Ixv« Anrreles) and Newport—
Steamer Cnrona. Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bu-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
iFor Er»enada, Mncial'na Bay. San J"*» d»l
Cabo. Mazatlan. AUato. La Pax. Santa Roralla
, ard Guaymas (M?x.)— 10 a. m.. "th each monfh.
I For further Information obtain company's
! foMers.
I The company re?>«rvea the rlsht t-» ehnnse
steamer*, nulling dates and hours of sailing
j without "revlowii notice.
i TICKKT OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street <P»lace IT"t<»!>.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Oer». A*t*..
ti> Market st.. San Franctscn.
THE 0. R. & B. CO.
OTSPATCII TAST STEAMEItS TO
?=> O 1R, T T_ . .A. 1ST ID
From Spear-str?et Wnarf at 11 a. m.
CADE $12 r'lrst C»as» .ncludlng Berts
I'^nr S3 Second Clas* end M«-i!».
I COLUMBIA sails Mar. 14. !4. Apr. 5
GEO. VT. ELDER sails Mar. 9. 15. 73. Apr. S
I Shcrt Line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte,
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E, C. WARD. General A Kent.
: 1 Montgomery it.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan street*, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Natasakl and Shanghai, an.i
connecting fl t Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing:.
PS. AMERICA MARl'.... Friday. March 15. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU.. Tuesday, April 9, 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU Friday, May I. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's of flee.
I 421 Market street, corner First,
i W. II. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITSV TORS. 6CCTHAMPT0S. LONDOJI. PABli
Stopping at Cherbourg westbound.
Frcra New York Every Wednesday at 10 a. m.
New York.. Mar. ffllNew York .April »
Vaderland : Mar. 27iVaderland April 17
St. Louis April 3ISt. Louis April 24
RED STAR LINBi
Now York and Antwtrm,
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.*
Kensington Mar. 20 Southwark .....April in
Noordland Jiar. J7 Westernland ...April IT
Friesland April 3 Kensington April 24
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
. CHAS. D. TAYLOR, General Agent,
Pacific Coast. SO Montgomery mt,
isCOimllS t&.LI). «AU.1Dl»9 SYDNEY,
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti ..—
Wednesday. March IS, 4 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. March 18, _ 2 p. m.
SS SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa. 'New
Zealand- and Australia............^......
Wednesday. March 27, 9 p. m.
I D.SPRECXELS & BROS. CO., Scaera! Imts, It] totet St
Sen'l Fasmyj Offta, 643 Hartst St.. fief to. 7, Pacifle St
PANAMA R. R. SS?
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin, $105: Steerage. $40.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Koanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
S. S. St. Paul sails Tuesday, April 16.
From wharf, foot of Lombard st., at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market St.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
HAMBURC-AMERICAN LINE.
* Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Deutschland ...April 18IF. Bismarck May 9
Columbia ........May 2lDeutschland May IS
Twin-Screw Passeng»r Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBTTRO.
Waldersee March l«l Pennsylvania .March JO
•Batavia March 23' Pretoria April 1J
*Sails to Hamburg direct.
rJomburg-Amsrlcar) Line, 37 B"way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents for Pacific
Coatt. 4C1 California street. ¦
MCITIC STZAX NAVI9ATI0S CO. AK9
C0MPAN1A 8U0 AMERICANA 02 7AP0233
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing:
SS. COLOMBIA March 8. ISOI
S3. TUCAPEL March 20. 1901
SS. AREQUIPA April 4. »:)»
SS. LIMARI April 17, 1901
At 13 m. from Section 2. Seawall.
. The«e steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
<No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE A CO.. Agenta.
COMPAQ^TS GET?EKAi;"3 TBANSATLAMTHJU2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <£?jr&
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 4*. :7vf *P*- <l »
North River, foot of Morton street. First-class
to Havre. |35 and upward. Second class to
Havre. J43 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI &-CO.. Pacifle Coast Agents. S
Montgomery arenue. San Francbico." Tlckata
sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEBS.
Stea— »- M% 'o"Mce'l.r"
MON., Tue».. Wed., Thurs. and Wat. at f:4J
a. m.. 3:13. 8:40 p. m. (ex. Thumday nlght>; Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:39; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. J
p. m. Landing and office, Mlaslon-str««t Docis,
Tier No. 2. Telephone Matn VX%
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No7"l9 Uwenty-
flve cents per share) of the Kllauea Sugar
Plantation Company will.be payable nt thi-
ef nee of the company. 327 Market St.. on ano
attcr Friday. March 15. 1901. Transfer books
will close Saturday. March 9. c l'JCl. at '12
o clock m. E. H. -SHELDON. Secretary.
LMV1DEND NOTICK-Divtdend No. 2i (thirty
cents per ihare) of tin- Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the oHlce
or the company, 317 Market St.. on nnd after
Monday. March 11. isoi. Transfer books clcssd
haturday, ¦March 2, W01. at 12 o'clock m.
' E< H. SHELDON. Secretary. \
DIVIUEXD Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany «?on.)— A dividend. No. 27. of seventy-
nve cents (75c) per i>hare on the Issued capi-
tal fctcck of tho company has been declared,
payable, at the office of the company. 450
• -•llfornta *t.. Fan Francisco, on March 11.
1901. Tmnyfer hooks olofe March 4, 1901. at
noon. JULIAN SON'XTAO. secretary pro tern.
MAHEIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriase licenses were Issued
yesterday:
°, uv "• Hockett, 21, 905 Minnesota street,
and Ada G. Caton. 20. 905 Minnesota street.
James H. White. 2s. i<5T>b Mission street, and
Eusle WllllB. 23. 1633B Mission street.
Charlts Flnbergr. 35. SCO Kearney rtreet. and
Mnrparet F. Nelson. 22, ?00 Kearney Rtreet.
Jacob Marks, 24. 47 Fair Oaks street, and
Henriotto Flelschman, 20, 1013 Valencia street.
Faraone Salvatore. 2S. 110 Francisco street,
and Jennie nusalacchi. 18, 111 VaU»Jo street.
Frederick E. ttetnke, 29. 552 Valencia Ptreet.
and Hcrmlne Kuhlman. 30, 552 Valencia street.
Wonr Yuk Lin. 26, C29 Pacific street, and
Chan Yock Vlng. 26. 623 Pacific ttreet. .
ITrths— marriaqes— deaths.
Birth, marrlaze and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either or the publication office* and be
Indorsed with the name and renldenee of per-
sons authorized to have the can\£ published.
BORN.
HinSHFELD— In this city. March 5. 1901. to
the wife of Dave Hirshfeld of Bakersfleld. a
son.
LAUSON— In Sunol Glen, January 17, 1901,- to
the wife of E. L. Lauson, a daughter.
LERMEN— In this city, March 8, 1901, to the
wife of J. J. Lermen, a son.
YATES— In Oakland, February 27. 1SC1. to the
wife of William C. Yates (nee Helen), a son.
MARRIED.
WILLIAMS— HENRY— In this city. March 7,
1901, by the Rav. A. J. Wells. Fred B. Wil-
liams and Genevleve Carroll Henry, both of
San Francisco. ¦
DIED.
Ahlirren. Georre L. Medau. Luella G.
Boyd. Georce Mllbach. Annie N. '.
Buse. John H. Miller. Charles Jr.
Coffin. Fred F. Miller. Albert S.
Cohen. William Monte. Kathyrine
Daley, William Murphy. Owen
Dillon. Thomas O'Connor, Patrick
Dupan. Lawrence O'liCcry, Dennis
FarrelU Joseph L. Plconso. John E.
GasE. Julius A. Pries. Marruerlte M.
Hagerty. Susan j Ross. Delia
Hlldebranrlt. Louisa Kyan, John L.
Hittell. John S. Schaefer, Charles O.
Johnson. Frederick Schumacher. John W.
Kellle. Charles Sullivan. Tlmothy
Knlsht. Patrick Varni, Marearct
Lee. Frank "Walsh. Eliza
McKenna, Bernard White, Rosina
AHLGREN— In this city, March 6. 1301. George
L.. beloved snn of Charles O. anil Katie
AhlKren, and brother of Edward. Emma and
Charles Ahlgren and Mrs. Clara Smlthurst,
a native of Pan Francisco, aged 2 years 4
months and l'J days.
cyFrlcnilf and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
. (.Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1277 Page street, between
Baker and Lyon. Interment Cypress Lawn
| Ometery.
t BOYD— In this city. March 8. 1901, George,
younirest and beloved son of Thomas and
! Minnie Boyd, and brother of Edward, Claude
| and Henry Boyd, a native of San Fran:lsco,
aged 2 years and 2 months.
! Bl'SE— In Alameda. March 7, 1901. John H.
Buse. beloved husband of Johanna Buse.
father of John Buse Jr., and son-in-law of
i J. N. Beckman, a native of Germany, nged
33 years and 4 months. A member of Wlnne-
roueca Tribe No. 61. Improved Order of Red
Men. of San Francisco.
(n^Frlcnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 12 o'clock, at his late
residence, 1917 Pacific avenue, Alameda. Cal.,
under the aurplees of the Improved Order of
RoJ Men. Cremation Odd Fellows' Ceme-
j tery. via 2 o'clock creek boat.
j COHEN— Friends and acquaintances only are
requested to attend the erection of tomb-
stone in commemoration of the late William
i Cohtn. father of Benjamin Cohen, to-morrow
, (Sunday), at 3 o'clock, at Hills Ql Eternity
Cemetery, Son Mateo County.
I COFFIN-In this city. March 6, 1SC1. Fred F.,
belcvrd husband of A. W. Coffin, and father
i of Percy H. Coffin. Mrs. R. Hut.bp and the
.late Harry W. Coffin, a native of Ohio, aged
CS reers.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this d-»y
(Saturday), at 11 o'clock. Trom Westminster
Presbyterian Church, corner Pace and Web-
ster streets, thence by electric funeral car
from corner Guerrero and Eighteenth streets.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
DALEY— In this city. Mnrch 7. 1901. William,
beloved son of the late Michael and Bridget
Daley, and brother of James. Maggie, Sadie,
Martin and Michael Daley. Mrs. sScharetg,
Mrs. Lawler and Mrs. Cunningham, a na-
tive of New York, aged S2 years.
(CFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attond the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, i74 Pennsylvania avenue, near Arm;'
street, thence to St. Teresa's Church, where
a solemn requiem high mans will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
| DILLON^-In Seattle. Wash.. February 24, 1901,
I Thomas, dearly beloved husband of Delia
. Dillon, brother of Maria Gllmore and Mrs.
Thomas Carroll, and brother-in-law of Mat-
thew, Andrew and Nora Canavan, a native
of County Mayo. Ireland, aged 56 years.
IT-^Thf. funeral will take place to-mo-.row
(Sunday), at 11:30 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of McMenomey & Sons, 1007 Mis-
sion street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
D17GAN— In this city. March 7, 1901, Lawrence
DuRan, a native of County Limerick, Ire-
land, nged 35 years.
(t^TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of James McMenomey & Son, 10u7
Mlssicn street, near Seventh, thence to Holy
Cress Cemetery, via 10:40 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. i
FARRELL— In this city. March 7, 1901, Joseph
L., beloved husband of Bridget Farrell, and
stepfather of Willie Watta, a native of
Philadelphia, aged 49 years 11 months and 28
days. (Philadelphia papers please copy.)
ETNotlce of funeral hereafter.
GASS— In Mill brae. March 6. 1901. Julius A
Gass, beloved husband of Ella Oass a na-
tive of Germany, aged 43 years 2 months and.
13 Cays. (Hoboken, N. J., papers please
copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock sharp, from th« par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzler, 638 Washington
etrtet. thence to 320 Post street, between
Powell and Stockton, where services will be
held, commencing at 2 o'clock, under the
auspices of Manzanlta Tribe No. 4, Imp
Order of Red Men, and Journeymen Butch-
ers'. Protective Benevolent Association. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HAGERTY— In this city, March 8. 1901, Susan
beloved wife of James \V. Hacerty, and
mother of Cassy and Grade Brown, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 36 years.
HILDEBRANDT— In South San Francisco
March 8. 1901, Loulea Hlldebrandt. dearly bel
loved wife of Frederick Hlldebrandt, belovej
mother of Frederick Hlldebrandt Jr., daugh-
ter of the late Philip and Emma Klein, and
sister of Mrs. Ouotave WIssell, Mrs. Matilda
Westphal and George, Edward, H«nry and
Lena Klein, a native of San Francisco, aged
35 years and 3 months.
(r>Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
her sister. Mrs. Gustave Wissell. 1659 Twelfth
avenue south, near N street south. South San
Frar.cleco.
KITTELL— In this city, March 8. 1901, Jotin
S.. brother \Of Theodore H. Hittell in his
seventy-sixth year. . '
• CTFuneral services will be held to-morrow
(Sunday), . at 2 o clock, at Pioneer Hall
Fourth etreet, near Market. Please omit
' flowers. , <
JOHNSON— In the City -and County Hospital
March 8. 1901, Frederick Johnson, a native of
Denmark, aged «"s years.
KELLIE— In this City, March 8, 1901, Charles
i beloved son of Charles and Agnes Kellle and
brother of Agnes and Catherine Kellie. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 8 years 8 months
and 19 days,
C7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock.- from the residence
HENRY d., GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M«r.-
FUXERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
. Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
n and 19 Fifth st. .Tfl South 1«7.
IUNEBAL DIEECT0S3 AND EMBALMEIU.
¦ Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
' 8 AN FRANCISCO. CAt*
The charge for cremation to churcn members
and members of organizations having presiding
officers and secretaries and their families is J3(i
All others 135. Exnenslv* coffins and orna-
ments are seldom used. A niche In the Colum-
barium is a monument and saves the cost of a
lot and its care and stone v/ark. Send for cir-
cular. "-' r .-r ;'¦-•*¦ . -.-.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER. Manager.
of the parents. 206 Hoffman avenue, between
, Tv.-enty-third and Twenty-fourth streets. ln-
1 tciment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KNIOHT-In Manila, January 24. 1901. Pat-
rick, beloved cousin of ' Bernard Knight, a
native of Rush, County Dublin, Ireland, aged
34 years. *», ¦•>
lETFrienels and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:45 o"clock, from the parlors
of J.. c. O'Connor & Co.. 767 ..Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services at
1 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
LICE— In the City and County Hospital. March '
8, 1801. Frank Lee, a native of Massachu-
setts need if years.
McKENNA— In this city. March S. 1901. Ber-
nard, dearly beloved husband of Bridget Mc-
Kenna; and father of Kellle. Dan. Mary.
Michael, Francis, Susie and Edward Mc-
Kenna, a native of the parish of Maghera,
County Longford, Ireland, aged 33 years 7
months ana 26 days.
IH7"Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mis-
sion street, thence to St. Francis Church for
services, commencing nt 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. . -
SCEDAU — In thin city. March 8. 1901,' Luella
O., youngest and beloved daughter of Albert
. P. nnd Tlllle Augusta Medau. sister of Flor-
ence J. Medau, and granddaughter of Mrs.
J. E. Wilkens and Louis Wacncr, a native
of San FranclFco. aged 4 months and 8 days.
[C7"Frlends and acauaintanees are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow.
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 4C0A Eighteenth street, be.
tween Danvers and Haute. Interment Ma-
eonic Cemeter;*.
M1LBACH— In this city. March 8,**»ffl, Annie
N. Mllbach, beloved wife of E. Mllbach. and
mother of Thereja, Joseph, Gertrude and
Adeline Mllbach, a native of New York, aged
47 years.
MILLER— In this city. March 8. 1D01. Charles
Miller Jr.. dearly beloved and only son of
Charles and Caroline Miller, and brother of
I/rnlsa Miller, a native of San Francisco,
nxi-il 4 years and 6 months.
MILLER— In Oakland. March 7, 1D01. at 663
Adeline street, Albert S. Miller, a native of
¦Wisconsin, aged 4S years 9 months and 7
days.
MOXTE— In this city, March 7. 1501, Kathy-
rine. beloved dauchter of Rose and Joseph
Monte, sister of Josephine and Peter Monte,
and beloved grandchild of Kathyrine- Sche-
nono, a native of San Francisco, aged 3 years
7 months and 13 days.
C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at I o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 1413 Kearny street, thence to Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
MURPHY— In this city. March 7. 1901. Owen
Murphy, beloved brother of Mary Murphy, a
native of County^Kildare. Ireland, acred aO
years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cro?E Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city, March 6, 1901, Pat-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Mary O'Con-
nor, nnd father of Sarah. Charles and Harry
O'Connor and Mrs. Marvin Ford, .a native of
County Kerry. Ireland, aged :..'» years.
E^Trlends and acauaintanees are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2S3 Thirteenth street, thence to 8:.
Charles Horromeo's Church, where a solemn
requiem hlsh mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
O'LEAKY-In this city. March 8. 1901. Dennis,
beloved brother of the late Julia O'l^eary, a
native of County Cork. Ireland, aced 47
years.
CyNotlee of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van
Ness avenue. »
PICONSO— In this city. MnrcU 6. 1901, John
E., dearly beloved husband of Florence K.
Piconso, son of Bartolomeo and Louisa Pic-
onso, and brother of Ro?e and Lawrence
Plconso and Mrs. A. M. Parry, a native of
New York, aged £5 years 9 months and 9
days.
[fcyFrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 4S7 Filbert street, thence to Garibaldi
Hall. Intermtnt Holy Cross Cemetery.
TRIES— In this city. March 8. 1901, Marguerite
M., Infant daughter of Christ and Mamie
Pries, a native of San Francisco.
ROSS— In this city. March 7. 1901. Delia, be-
loved wife cf the late Thomas Ross, and
mother of Mrs. J. -C. Henderson of New
York, the late John E. Rofs. the late Eliza-
beth Roes, Mrs. John C. Clark and Lucy A.
Ross, aged 72 years.
C7Frien<ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 931 ¦ Halg-ht street, thence by funeral
car from Thirtieth nnd Guerrero streets at 3
o'clock. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city. March 6. 1901 John L
Ryan, beloved brother of Mrs. James Cos-
grave and Mrs. D. C. Sheehan of Montana, a
native of County Kildare, Ireland, aged 52
years.
icyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to Rt. Rose's Church, where a solemn
requiem hleh mats will be celebrated for
the repose of % his soul, commencing at »
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SCHAEFER— In this city. March o, 1901
Charles G. Schacfer. dearly beloved father of
Mary C. Schaefer, a native of Baltimore,
Md. (Unltimore pnpers please copy.) »
ICTFrlends are respectrully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 11
o'clock, from his late residence. 791 Sutter
street, thence to Shlels building, S2 O'Farrell
street, where services will be held under the
au?plces of Union Lodge No. 1S05, K. of H.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
THE officers and members of Union Lod»e i
No. 1SW, Knights of Honor, are hereby noti-
fied to attend the funeral of our late re-
porter. Brother, C. G. Sohaefer, to-morrow
(Sunday); at 11 o'clock, from the lodgeroom
THOMAS L. TOMLINSON, Dictator
GEORGE J. VINCENT. Acting Reporter.
The officers and members of the Grand
Lodge, Knights of Honor, are fraternally In-
vited to attend.
Tbe officer? and members of the Past Dic-
tators' Association- are fraternally Invited to
- attend. ,
OFFICERS and members of the A r eteran Vol-
unteer Fire.men's Association will please as-
semble at 1 their hall, 24 Fourth street,
to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 o'clock sharp, to
attend the funeral of our late brother,
Charles G. Schaefer. By order
STEPHEN BUNNER, President.
J. J. McMAHON. Secretary.
SCHUMACHER— In Los Angeles. March S
1901. John William, beloved husband of Ella
Schumacher, father of George Schumacher
son of Elizabeth and the late Albert Schu-
inachcV, and brother of Tony, Albert nnd
Barbara Schumacher of Alameda, Cal.. a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 36 years and 1
month. ( .
SULLIVAN— In this city, March 8. 1901, Tim-
othy Sullivan, beloved uncle of Timothy
Fannie and the late Florence Sullivan Mrs'
Thomas Foley and Mrs. R. j. Courtier a
native of Dreenbee, Glenjrarift. County Cork
Ireland, aged 72 years 11 months and 12 days'
O Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Monday
March 11, at -9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of Ms nenhew. T. Sullivan, 20V4 Lasklo
street, off Mission, between Elrhth and
Ninth, thence to St.* Joseph's Church, Tenth
street, ' where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
VARNI— In this city, March 8, 1901, Margaret
dearly beloved wife of Bartholemo Varnl, and
mother of Joseuh; Stephen, John and Fred
R. Varni and Mrs. Mary Caneoa, a native
of Italy, aged 65 years 2 months and 10 days
(E7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 11 Jasper place, off Union street be-
tween Dupont and Stockton. Interment New
Italian Cemetery.
WALSH— In Oakland. March 8. 1901, Ell«a
wife of the late James Walsh, and beloved
aunt. of Dr. M. J. and Nora Collins a na-
tive of County Kerry. Ireland, aged 68 years.
WHITE— In San Jose, March 8, 1901, Roslna
White,* widow of the late James A. White
and beloved mother of Mrs. J. C Toudy
Mrs. Ella Kaplan and Mrs. M. M. Frederick
of Seattle. Wash., a native of New York
City, ageii 86 years and 10 months.Douglas Tilden, the Sculptor, Who Is Insane.
KING'S BAND PICNIC— The fourth annual
picnic given by the Original King's Band will
be held at Harbor View Park, Presidio, to
morrow. - - :- -JAtm.-
The whiskey that touches the right spot every
time Is Jesse Moore; to be had from all flrst
class dealers.
Versatile "Woman Entertains.
Mrs., Rule D. Meeke, a dramatic reader,
dialect artist and ventriloquist, enter
tained a large gathering in the lecture
hall of the First Methodist Episcopal
Church last evening with her varied se
lections. Mrs. Meeke's excellent work was
highly appreciated by her audience. She
possesses exceptional talent:
Girls Accused of Theft.
W. "W. .Ayres, -drugglat. 1016 Market
street, swore to a complaint In Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday ' for' the arrest of
Kittle Brady, alias Kate Brown, and'An
nie Faulkner, alias Annie Patterson, on a
charge of petty larceny. ; It is alleged that
the girls, who are employed In a dance
hall, have been in the habit ofcalllng at
the drugstore fjid while one kept the
salesman engaged the other stole what
ever was handy. A pair of opera-glasses
stolen on Christmas day was recovered by
the ' police through an anonymous letter
and it led to tho warrant being issued for
the arrest of the .two ctrls.
The wholesale hardware firm of Miller,
Sloss & Scott moved Into their new. build
ing. This firm purchased a brand new
Smith Premier typewriter for each one
of. their eleven stenographers. They U3e
Smith Premiers exclusively and all were
bought from L. & M. Alexander, 110 Mont
gomery street, San Francisco. ?
Purchased New Typewriters.
Fourteen years of imprisonment in Fol
som ¦ Penitentiary was the punishment
meted out yesterday by Judge Dunne to
Andrew Flatley and John "Wright, both
ofiWhom were convicted of robbery. Flat
ley and Wright have both served time be
fore. The crime for which they were
sent to prison this timo was the robberv
of John Nolan near San Mateo last June
Nolan was waylaid bv them and aft^r
having been severely beaten about the
head was robbed of $3.
Sentenced to Folsom.
lodge dues all the time. Perhaps now I
will not be in good standing, but I can
prove myself innocent."
Cooper denied that he had seen or
caused to be inserted the Chadwlck
funeral notice in a morning paper upon
which it was alleged he had predicate.!
the false document upon which he ha<i
worked. His case will be called this
morning in the Police Court, but will be
continued for several days.
Cooper denied that his medical practice
in Crockett or vicinity was illegal nor
had it evor been so in San Quentln. al
though he admitted writing a number of
prescriptions, and denied ever havinp been
previously married although he had haj
a "number of girls." He said:
'My right name is Ernest Moore Chad
wick. I am a graduate of the New Zeii
land Medical Collece and a licentiate of
Bellevue in New York. So I am thorough
ly prepared to practice medicine.
My sister sends me remittances regu
larly, but does net too-? I am in trouble.
I am a Mason and she ha^^e^t bj> mr
"I do not think I ¦will have any trouble
in clearing myself of these charges,"
said Cooper in responding to a number
of queries. "I expect that both my wife
and Mrs. Schneider will testify in my be
half. You see. when I went to Crockett
I started in practicing medicine. Then
when I asked Schneider for the hand of
his daughter he snld. 'If she wants to
make her bed, let her lay on if But
Mrs. Schneider demanded a marriage set
tlement, and I flashed the J20.000 check
at her. Then she capitulated. \Norine
loved me and was willing to go with me,
even if I did not have a cent."
He was charged with the forgery of a
telegraph message and torgery of a seal
of a court of record. Marie Schneider
appeared as the complaining witness in
the former. Cooper gave his age as 35
years. •
Harry 'Westwood Coop«r, alias Ernest M.
Chad wick, alias Charles McDonald, alias
Charles Humphreys.
name, and Corporal Parrotte responding
with, "Glad to Bee you back, Harry." Ser
geant Brown booked Cooper under the fol
lowing name and aliases:
Continued From Pags One.
COOPER BACK FROM OGDEN
Her Husband Brings a Friend Homo
to Lunch and Finds Her
; .^ Dead.
"When Bartholomew Varnl of 11 Jasper
place came. home at a quarter before noon
yesterday with a, friend whom he Had In
vited to lunch he saw his aged wife sit
ting in a chair by the window with her
sewing in her lap. .
"She is asleep," he said, touching her
on tho shoulder.
The old man peered into her face, then
broke into loud lamentation. His wife
was dead.
Mrs. Varnl was a native of Italy, 6o
years old. She had be«n afflicted with
heart disease, and two weeks ago a doc
tor in the neighborhood was called In to
treat her. It was that disease that car
ried her away. An inquest will be held.
MBS. VABNI DIES WITH
B£B SEWXNCr. IN HER LAP
Rabbi Voorsanger said that in this age
of progress It was only the minority of
people who delved to any depth in ancient
literature, the great majority seemingly
being content to study it from the sur
face. The history of the New Testament
cannot be studied without research tnto
its source, and that source is the marvel
ous Talmud. <' >"•
Rabbi Jacob Voorsanger told his con
gregation last night of the Talmud. His
lecture tended to show'that the book of
Israel was not only a book of laws but a
book containing the ideas of the fathers
of Israel gathered during a period of 1000
years.
The rabbi, continuing, said that the his
tory of thirty generations was comprised
in the book. It was written without sys
tel J?.'. ?: nd if the methods of the modern
publisher were used it would make a
library of more than 100 volumes. The
glory belongs to Israel that It has pre
se £X ed v. ,. Uterature for ten centuries,
while the literature of others was allowed
to sink into the gloom of ignorance
..." T , h , e book of Talmud," said the rabbi
Is Blackstone In Oriental form. It was
compiled and written by ecclesiastical
Jurists. The scholars of Israel have delved
and delved into the wisdom of Talmud,
and yet It proves Inexhaustible. It can be
likened to a garden In which you may
wander at will." 3 "
RABBI JACOB VOORSANGER
DISCUSSES THE TALMUD
Compiled by Ecclesiastical Jurists, Its Wis
dom Is Inexhaustible.
William Ross, a janitor in the Byrne
building, 533 Kearny street, while under
the influence of liquor yesterday, swal
lowed a dose of nitric acid. He was taken
to the Receiving Hospital, 'where he died
at 10 p. m. • .
Janitor Takes Nitric Acid.
Keith's Grand Opening 1 .
Our display in millinery will not be
equaled. To-day is the day. •
The California State Floral Society helO
Its regular monthly meeting yesterday
afternoon in Sherman & Clay Hall anl
made arrar.gpmtms for the grand flower
rhow to be held on the lGth. 17th and ISth
of May in the grain! nave of the ferry
building, and for the flower congress
¦which is to take place on May IT, 13 and
14. in the assembly room of the Academy
cf Sciences buildine.
The society expect* that the flower show
will be the grandest ever held. Growers
of Arizona. Colorado and Oregon have
been invited to exhibit.
In addition to thf business yesterday
afternoon there was a splendid paper read
by Mrs. Austin Bperry. who has ju«=t re
turned from her trip around the world
Mrs. Sperry's paper dealt with her Jour
ney In the Orient and was much ap
plauded.
Arrangements Made for the Flower
Show and Congress to Be Held
in May.
STATE FLORAL SOCIETY
HOLDS MONTHLY MEETING
meritorious students and to send him
abroad for further study. He spent seven
months in the National School of Design
and then sailed for Paris. He became a
private pupil of Paul Chopin, a gold med
allist at the Salon and. like Mr. Tilden, a
deaf mute. After five months' study with
him Mr. Tilden felt able to work inde
pendently. In all he had thirteen months*
Instruction in his art. He spent seven
years In Paris, studying the history of
sculpture sjnd the methods of its masters..
The first work he sent to the Salon was
accepted. This was the statue known as
the "Baseball Player," familiar to all vis
itors to Golden Gat»5 Park.
In 1889 the scurotor exhibited at th«
Salon the bronze of "The Baseball Play
er" and a Blaster cast of "The Tired
.Boxer. The latter, which now graces
the vestibule of the Olympic Club, when
exhibited in bronze in 1830 gained the cov
eted "mention honorable" at the Salon
In 1S91 he exhibited "The Young Acrobat."
In 1S92 a much more ambitious work was
exhibited at the Salon. This is the largo
group known as "The Bear Hunt," rep
resenting an Indian in the clutch of. a
grizzly. This work, whiph is now on the
grounds of the Institute for the Deaf
Dumb and the Blind at Berkeley, won the
sculptor the honor of an appointment on
the Jury at tho Columbian Exposition.
He exhibited again In 1S03 in the Salon.
This time he was represented by "Tho
I-ootball Players." This was offered as a
prize for a series of games between elev
ens representing Stanford University and
the University of California. It was won
by the latter players and now graces ttie
campus at Berkeley. In 1S34 Mr. Tilden re
turned to this city. He was made un in
structor in modeling at the Mark Hopkln*
Institute of Art. a position he still holds"
The two works which will perpetuate
the memory of Mr. Tilden are the Native
Sons monument on Market street, oppo
site.Mason, and the Donahue fountain,
now In course of construction on Market
street, opposite First. The former is com
memorative of the admission of Califor
nia as a State and was dedicated to the
Native Sons. The Donahue memorial
fountain was provided for bv James Mer
vyn Donahue, son of Peter Donahue, pio
neer ship and railroad builder. He left a
bequest of $25,000 for the purpose of ereci
lng the memorial. The amount of h'i
work is not large, but his friends and ad
mirers have predicted that some day ho
would win world-wide fame.
Mme. Teresa Carrer.o will arrive in
San Francisco direct from the City of
Mexico to-morrow morning. The great
pianist gave five performances there in
six days and the Mexican papers declare
that she created a greater furor than
Paderewski. She was offered $3000 for au
additional performan-.v, but desiring to
keep her San Francisco engagement she
did not accept the proposition. She will
play at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s hall on the
afternoon of Tuesday and Saturday and
the night of Thursday of next week.
Mm;, Carreno Coming.
In the same case a petition for a writ
of habeas corpus, demanded on the ground
that the Sheriff had held the prisoner on
defective recor.ds and therefore unlawful
ly, was denied. The court held, in this in
stance that the order of the Judge was
sufficient to warrant the Sheriff. In keeping
the prisoner In custody.
The appellant asked that the minutes
be corrected and the judgment be vacated
by the Supreme Court, which would have
resulted in the liberation of the prisoner.
The court decided that the record in ques
tion was unreliable and defective, but
that the matter of its correction belonged
to the Superior Court. The case will
therefore go back to the Superior Court,
which may correct the minutes, vacate
the Judgment and then resentence the em
bezzler.
The Supreme Court has denied George
Walker, who was convicted for having
embezzled JSO 33 from the American Tract
Society, a new trial. -Walker's appeal
was based on the fact that the judgment
entered against him In the court records
was done with a rubber stamp and fllleJ
out by the clerk, an operation which re
sulted in a confusing and unreliable mem
orandum.
of Embezzler George Walker
Are Defective.
NEARLY WINS FREEDOM
ON LEGAL TECHNICALITY
Superior Court Records in the Case
William Gridley Toland, who is now
eight years old, is a son of the late Dr.
Charles Gridley Toland, who married
Miss Trella Foltz. Samuel M. Shortrldge,
an uncle of the child, at once commenced
a contest against the probating of the
will, claiming that it was ambiguous and
uncertain in its terms. He took the fur
ther ground that the boy was entitled to
the father's share in the estate. The first
action was tried before • Judge Dalnger
fleld, who decided in favor of the boy. An
appeal was taken by the other heirs to
the Supreme Court and the Judgment ren
dered by Judge Daingerneld was re
versed. Attorney Shortridge commenced
AVheri Mrs. Toland died, in 1S95. she left
an olographic will disposing of an estate
valued at over $100,000. The will contained
several special bequests • to friends and
relatives living in the East, and further
provided that after the payment of $2000
to her grandson, William Gridley Toland.
one-half of the estate should go to her
son, Hugo Toland.
The contest over the will of Mrs. Mary
B. Toland. widow of the late Dr. H. H.
Toland, founder of Toland Medical Col
lege, has been settled. The heirs have
satisfactorily adjusted their differences
and the formal order dismissing all the
proceedings will bo filed In the County
Clerk's office within the next few days.
A Compromise Is Effected Out of Court,
. but the Terms Are Not Known.
another action and it was aet for hearing:
before Judge Seawell.
The heirs came together a few days agt>
and decided that it was best to drop the
litigation. It Is not known on what terms
the compromise was effected, but it is
certain that young William Gridley To-
Iand bas been benefited to the extent of
many thousand dollars by the legal fight
commenced by his uncle. Attorney S. M.
Shortrldge. The boy is at present in a
military academy on the Hudson River.
TOLAND WILL CONTEST
IS SETTLED BY HEIRS
So successful was this considered that
the trustees of the institute determined
to give Mr. Tilden the benefit of a fund
established for the help of the specially
Douglt-s TiWcn is one of the famous
sculptors of California. He was born at
Chico. May 1, 1S50. An attack of scarlet
fever at the age of 5 left him incurably
deaf and dumb. He was sent to
the Institute for the Deaf and Dumb
and the Blind at Berkeley and re
mained there until his graduation
in 1£79. He entered the University of
California in the class of 1S83. A vacancy
occurring In the faculty of tht» institute,
he gave up a collegiate education to ac
cept a position as teacher. It was In his
twenty-third vear he discovered, almost
by accident. In which direction his talents
lay. He saw rome modeling in clay by
his brother, and it made a strong impres
sion on him. At the time his brother was
under the Instruction of Marion Wells,
and he joined his class. He learned the
technique of the art with such rapidity
that at the end of a month he was able
to work alone. He continued at the in
stitute for four years longer, spending all
his leisure in modeling. In 1SS5 he pro
duced what he considers his first work, a
small statuette entitled the "Tired Wrest
ler."
The family of the gifted sculptor are
grief-stricken over the fate that has
overtaken him. The suddenness of the fit
of wildness prostrated them, as Mr. Til
den had been In the enjoyment of perfect
health and his behavior gave no inkling
that his mind was giving way. He was
married in Oakland to Miss Bessie Cole,
daughter of L. G. Cole. June 9, 1S96. Mrs.
Tilden is also a mute.
OUGLAS TILDEX. the mute
sculptor, went violently Insane
last night at the residence of his
_ father-in-law, L. G. Cole, 1543
Webster street. Oakland. His
family had no warning of the approach
of the dread malady, and In consequence
were greatly terrified when he began de
stroying the furniture In the room In
which they were gathered.
Efforts were made to calm him. but
without avail. The assistance of the po
lice was required shortly after midnight,
and the unfortunate man was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where he was
confined In the Insane ward.
The regular monthly meeting of tho
California Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children was held yesterday.
The secretary's report shows that a. large
volume of work Is being done and that
the most favorable results are being ob
tained. During the month of February 111
children were aided and there were eleven
prosecutions and two convictions of per
sons guilty of cruelty to children. Four
teen children were placed in charitable
institutions. Parrott .& Co., Rolla V.
Watt, Cesar Bertheau and Evans S.
Pillsbury. have been added to the member
ship roll.
Children Well Carsd For.
Justice of the Peace Decides Suit in
Favor cf German Savings
Society.
Justire of the Peace Long- gave judg
ment yesterday in favor of the German
Favinps and Lean Society, which was
Fu^-d by Honora Bentloy for $120. The tes
timony developed that Mrs. Bentley had
H2JDM on oeposit in the bank, and last
January wlKn she had her dividends cred
ited she discovered that her account was
short by $120. She learned that the money
had been paid t>y the bank on an execu-
Uon of .-judgment by default secured
apair.st Mrs. B«>r.tley in the Justice's
<ourt. The plaintiff testified that she had
never been served with the summons, be
inp a resident of Berkeley at the time.
Counter-evidence on this point was im
possible, as the man who is said to have
served the t-umrnonp is dead. Judge Long
ruled that the judgment was regular on
Its fere ard could not be attacked in a
collateral proceeding.
Jud?«> Long also gave judgment for
Kichard Moore, who was sued by John
McKariey for I2M. The last named is a
plumber's helper, and while getting a lad
der in Moore's yard was severely bitten
by Moore's dog. Judge Long ruled that
there was no rhowing that the dog was
vicious or that the owner knew he was
dangerous.
BANK PAID THE MONEY
ON REGULAR JUDGMENT
Henry Bruner, a boy 10 years of age,
whose parents live in Vallejo, was found
sleeping on a chair in the ferry depot
Wednesday night and was sent to the
City Prison and placed in the care of the
matron. He said that he had come to the
city with his mother to buy some goods,
and she had left him at the ferry. Secre
tary White of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children communicated
with Vallejo. and yesterday the boy's
mother called at the prison and took him
home. He '.as at school Wednesday, and
because he was marked on the card as
"bad" he decided to leave home, and
stowed himself away on the steamer Mon
tlcello. A year ago for a similar reason
he went to Napa on top of a hay wagon.
Small Boy's Escapade.
Bright and early Monday morning the
revenue cutter will emerge from her win
ter quarters. She will have on board a
number of expert -divers with complete
outfits who will be kept at work until the
hull of the ill-fated vessel has been lo
cated. The Pathfinder will also be
equipped ,\vith the latest dragging appa
ratus. It is expecied that wuh this re
inforcement the mystery surrounding tho
location of the wrecked vessel will soon
be cleared up.
The interest taken by the Government
officials in the failure of those who since
the accident have been vainiy searching
tor the hull of the'Hlu de Janeiro is an
indication that the wieck has attracted
the attention of other than those inter
ested locally. It ic provable that the
friends and relatives ot those who per
ished in the disaster have placed the mat
ter before the officials in Washington in
such a light that :h*y have determined
to make every endunvor to locate the re
mains of the vessel.
The unsuccessful efforts of divers and
wreckers to locate the Rio de Janeiro has
been brought forcibly to the attention of
the United States Government with the
result that the revenue cutter Pathfinder,
at present laid up in Oakland Creek, has
been ordered out to i participate in the
search.
Bevenue Cutter Has Crew of Experts
and Is Fitted With Latest Biv
• ing Outfits and Drag-
Government Interest Excited
by Failure to Locate
the Wreck.
PATHFINDER WILL
SEARCH FOR RIO
The Maccabeean Club, composed of patri
otic Jewish young- men who hold up pure
Judaism and conduct public meetings for
educational purposes, will give a Purlm
entertainment and ball In. Native Sons'
Hall to-morrow in aid cf Its building fund.
Maccabeean Club Entertainment.
In view of the very explicit limitations placed
upon the tax rate by the charter and because
of the further fact that it does not appear to
me to be mandatory that the entire debt
should be canceled In one year I am unwilling
to advlre that a tax levy In which you should
provide for such claim* outside of the dollar
limit would be valid aj to such excess. The
amendment in my opinion Is self-executing
and requires no legislative action to give it
effect.
The City Attorney filed an opinion with
the Supervisors' Finance Committee yes
terday in response to a number of ques
tions relating to the proposed payment of
unpaid claims accruing: in past fiscal
years. The important features of the
opinion are that It will not be necessary
for the claimholders to obtain judgments
against the city, and that the surplus
fund will be available to pay the back
claims on July 1, 1901. The opinion says:
The constitutional nrr.endment empowers the
city to meet obligations which In fact It had
never repudiated, but which it found itself
unable to satisfy by reason of the Inhibition
of tho constitution. In this view of the law
therefore 1 do not think It necessary that such
claims i-hould be prosecuted to Judgment be
fore they can be paid. If in July. 1S93, it had
been legal for the city t^nd county out of the
fiscal revenue? of the year 1833-4 to pay 1SD2-3
claims it certainly would not have been re
quired that such claim3 should have been put
into judgments against ths city and county
before payment.
The only proceeding now necessary to carry
out the Intention to pay valid, approved claims
is to provide funds out of which they can be
paid and authorize their payment by ordinance.
There should be direct and positive action
showing the determlnr.non of the city to pay
these claims and the appropriation of funds to
this purpose.
The city hes power to pay with Interest at
5 per cent per annum; for there Is no power
to pay otherwise. Tha people evidently re
garded the holders of these claims as entitled
to Interest, but at a rate less than the usual
legal rate. My construction of this amend
ment, however, does not require that these
claims shall be paid ouc of the funds of any
one year. They may be paid at any time out
of the Income and revenue of "any year or
years" succeeding the years when the debts
were incurred. All mat is required to make
the surplus available for payment of these
claims Is that It be carried over Into next
year's revenues, after all proper obligations
against it have been discharged and appro
priated in the budget for the purpose of pay
ing these back claims. And thus this money
which upon the 30th day I of June, 1901. the
last day of the present fiscal year, would not
be available to pay these claims would be
available for such use upon the 1st day of
July, 1S01, the first day of the next fiscal year.
Interest Shall Be Paid Thereon and
Tax Bate Must Be Kept
Within the Bollar
Limit.
City Attorney Prescribes
How to Pay Municipal
Indebtedness.
CLAIMS NEED NOT
BE IN JUDGMENTS
Actinp under the instructions of the
Board of Police Commissioners, the Chief
has notified the inmates of the disreputa
ble houtcs on Dupont street that they
must move. Jt Is the edict of the Police
TJoard that dens of vice shall not exist in
the vicinity of the proposed St. Mary's
square, and unless the women who oc
cupy the "joints" alons Dupont street
pack their trunks and seek other quarters
within a reason able time they will be ar
rested and prosecuted.
"We have closely questioned the major
ity of the worm-n who were supposed to
have been so1«1 t inro slavery." said the
head <>f the P.uice Department after he
Y.p.d returned from his tour of Chinntown,
"and failed to find a scintilla of evidence
to show that this inhuman practice ex
ists in th»» Mongolian quarter. Of the
many women »e nue^tloned not one
would admit that fhe was the property of
a slave dealer. However. 1 intend to vig
orously prosecute the investigation, and
if slavery does exist it will be promptly
suppressed."
In one house on Bartlctt alley the Chief
found ten youns women who were report
ed to \>c slaves. To tho Interpreter the
WBIBI admitted tJiat they had not been
Jor.fr from Chin.*, but emphatically denied
that they were the property of slave own
ers. They appeared supremely contented
with their lot, r.r.d were amused at the
storieF of the existence of slavery in the
Chinese quarter.
Accompanied hy a Chinese interpreter.
Chif f of Police Sullivan vfflttad Chinatown
yofterday and closely questioned a num
ber of xvom*n who wero purposed to have
hrpn sold Into flavrrj"- Not one was found
who Trould admit that *he had been auc
tioned off to the liiphept bidder, as it was
charped. or that she was being deprived
of h**r liberty.
rompanied by an Interpreter Chief
Visits Chinatown and Closely
Questions the Inmates of
Various Dens.
SULLIVAN AFTER
CHINESE SLAVES
Diterminid to Suppress the
Evil if E» Finds. It
Exists.
THE SAN , FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAKCH 9, 1901.
Loses His Mind Unexpectedly in His
Oakland Home Without Premonition
• or Signs of Approaching Decay
TILDEN, THE SCULPTOR,
IS VIOLENTLY INSANE
14
DO YOU
WANT TO IMPROVE YOUR
LIBRARY?
Call at The Call office and
examine Cram's Atlas of the
World, 1901 edition. By sub
scribing for The Daily Call for
six months you can secure a
copy of this excellent work of
reference for $1.50, or about
one-fifth the actual subscrip
tion price. The premium is
only offered to readers of The
Call. It will be to your inter
est to subscribe for The Call at
once.
Not going to miss one of the biggest days of
OUR SPRING OPENING.
WHY?
* ¦ . .
Because we offer you every inducement to attend; latest styles,
best materials, superior made garments, at our usual public-
pleasing prices. Just glance over a few leaders quoted below.
WAISTS. WRAPPERS.
WOMEN'S WHITE LAWN.- tucked back. :« dozen BEST PERCALE, all colors and
front of all-over lace; regu- CTt AQ sizes; $1.50 quality; special QQ/.
lor price $2; on saie at tJJl»*TO at i/O^
WOMEN'S \VH1TE I^WN. 16 tucks front jj dozen BEST CALICO, all .1«.: deep
ti^r^ulaV T50 • 73C
WOMEN'S PERCALE WAISTS, tucked IS dozen Rood quality CALICO, all PZ{\s*
front ana back; all sizes; worth OK^. . colors and sizes; 7oc quality CFV/W
$1.00; to-day ;.... OOC
WOMEN'S PERCALE WAISTS, all sl?es; "
newest colors; 50c quality; to- QQr» nnmircno
<i«y «*** c DRAWERS.
100 othsrs: orcandles. dimities, wash *^ ¦ .
Bilks! Special prices for to-day. Pln!n, with neat ruffle, regular' | «TT£
Our $3.00 WOOL WAISTS-must have the 2oC> t0 ' da >' ?•••••• ¦•' It V
rocm— going for <1J | OK Others, nrcttlly trimmed with O A /-»
«JJ1.^.O embroidery, regular 35c. to-day. ZtW
. Regular 50c quality, to-day QQf»
MUSLIN WEAR. n^^.^.^!! y :.^^ y :::::;: 48c
To-day we will slve you a few good All garments made In our own factory,
things In this department. , "'^
GOWNS CORSETS.
UVF'TT^nO* Sale continued from last Saturday,
Regular $1.25 quality on sale to- QQ r We .quality, Belllns to-day for...... 3!ie
day . . UOw "So quality, selling to-day for 4Hc
Itejular 11.00 nualVty "on" sale to-. *{;$5 ffi^ %$£* Jgldly ror! ! ! 1 1 ! ££
Day ¦ w Jl.EO quality, selllne to-day for ftl.S.'t
Regular G5c quality on »ale to- AQn; 12.00 quality, selling to-day:for. ?1.4S
fiay • ¦••• "Ow- in any make, straleht front or French..
Regular 50c quality on sale to- *>Q[/-» If not satisfactory money refunded or a
day O€7V* new corset slven. "
HOSIERY. BELTS!
WOMEN'S FIXE LISLE i and COTTON Our Eastern buyer has Just sent us .1
MIXED, all sizes: 20c qual- 1 0 ' r> charming lot of. novelties In GOLD
111; on<sale. \Ai\s 'BELTS. i '
WOMEN'S FAST BLACK HOSE; 1A r A eamDle line— will place on QBTr.
full finish; all sizes; on sale IUC sale to-day at OOC
Our 25c HOSE, known to be the best on BLACK SATIN CORDED BELTS, OK/»-
the market. TRY THEM. worth double, on sale at. J.OC
PROMPT ATTENTION GIVEN TO MAIL ORDERS.
1212-1214 MARKET STREET,
ADVEBTTSEjttEUTS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
SATURDAY. MONDAY and TUESDAY
GRANULATED Best Cane SUGAB, IS lbs $1 00
Kxtra fine, Epreckels' reflnlnsr.
MACARONI. Extra Quality, 3 l-lbpkg3. .25
Vermicelli. Spaghetti; *" c
Regular 12%c pkjr.
FINEST CREAMERY BUTTER, square.. 35c
Fine Butter i» our motto:
3 squares $1; regular 45c.
CHOICE Point Rsye3 BUTIER, square. . .30c
Resular 40c.
BEST CITY EGGS, dozen 17&
From the Mission; resrular 20c
PETALUMA RANCH EGGS, dozen 15c
Regular l^ic.
MOCHA and JAVA COFFEE, Ib 25c
'Again we give our friends a chancs to get
our best Coffee; regular J3c Ib.
FRENCH CASTILE SOAP, 3-Ib. bar 25c
Virgin Brand; regular 3f,c
NEW SEASON'S TEAS, Ib 40c
6 kinds; regular 73c.
PORT and SHERRY WINE, qt bot. ... .25c
5 years old; regular 40c.
MACKEREL, £ ££££ sauc3 ........ 122?
Regular 20c can.
MARTIN'S Eastern Cream CHEESE, Ib. .loc
Special request; regular 23c
BEST L Bros.' Brand HAMS, Ib \2h
Finest Eastern: regular lie.
I. W. HARPER'S WHISKEY, qt bot. . .75c
Regular $1.35; gallon, 53.
GRAPE-NUTS, 2 pkgs 25c
SLICED Extra Choice PEACHES, can. . .12£o
Regular 20c can.
LA PORTE Extra SUGAR CORN, 3 cans 25c
Regular ll'io can.
LE COURT MUSHROOMS 22£s
Imported; regular SOc can.
HUILE D'OLTVii i-gal can 9cc
Imported from France; regular fl-B.
DUFFY'S MALT WHISKY 7co
Regular ttc. ¦
GOODS DELIVERED FRKK to tha house In
Oakland. Alameda. Fruitvale and Berkeley.
OUR COUNTRY CUSTOMERS
Can take advantace of these "Special"
sales. We ship free of charge within 100
miles 'on all orders exceeding $S. Ask for
monthly price lists — free.
»348-l? r »4 Mf»"ket street.
Opp. Seventh. 'Phone S. 292. No Branch Stores.
VIN MARIANI
World Famous Mariani Tonic
i Marly thousand physicians and . mil-
lions of persons during the past thirty-
. eight years have thoroughly tested Vin
Mariani and invariably experienced
beneficial effects. Try Vin Mariani on
its merits.
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
DR.MQNULTY.
rPHIS WKLL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
I Specialist cwir.»i:'oo<l Potaon.Gonorrbceit.Gle?:,
Stricture. Mi-raltiai Weakness, Impotence ami their
al'leri Disorders. Koolc on Diseuses ot Men, free.
OverSOyeam'Mpereiice.T-rnn rejunnable. Hour*.
9to3dally;6:a)to'i.ao«?T'jr%.Sun<inTs.iotol2.Con.-,t:l-
tatlon t fee and sacredly con tldential. Can oraddrcs*
P. RO8COI2 HeXULTY. M. D.
2C;i I£earxiT St. San I'raucUco, Czl-
Sale's.
Sale's.
life. Jouvin French *'^W
Gloves $1.50. tHb SL^/
An aristocratic glove-tho
very perfection of style and fit apesyiy^
and finish. It's made from the HMill Vu
finest, softest French kid —^/^ y i
skins. You'll be interested to / 7 V &==> .
know our new shades and V /
stltchings for spring are here 'V—^•— -^^ <(^
—Just here. See them first. ~ ""^
$1.50 a pair. *
Veiliqgs Important To=day.
Such a show of new things Is worth seeing.
There Is much style and distinction In veils. This display wo are
making emphasizes that fact very strongrly. Dame Fashion has put
more thought and care In veils this season than ever before.
These at 25c and 50c
Are fine examples of her handiwork.
Fine tuxedo mesh veilings, with chenille or self dots, also plain. light
London meshes, or Brussels net In plain and dotted, with white or black
dots, also black velvet with dashing spots here and there, also tuxedo
nets, as well as a handsome assortment of gray mixed and bordered veil-
ings. Varieties to suit any fancy and a price to suit any purse. 25c and
50c a yard.
Child's Hosiery 8c a pair
And Ladies' for 9c is unusual.
Good, new stockings for a trifle over half price is but one of a
storeful of spring-sale wonders.
We're, making a show of our power. We are doing it in a manner
so you'll never forget it.
THE LADIES' AT Oc— Fast black, seamless, fine gauge, shaped lei?
narrowed ankle, full length and elastic, double heels and toes— sizes
8^j to 10— sale price, pair 9c
THE MISSES' AND BOYS' AT 8c-Flne ribbed, seamless, fast
black, good weight, full length and elastic— sizes 5 to 9»4— regular
price 12%c— sale price Sc pair.
Ice-Creain Chocolates 10c, K^Ss
Large, luscious drops of sweetness— as pure and wholesome as if
you made them. We have It done, know all about them. Richly fla-
vored with Vanila Icecream, 5 oz. 10c to-day. ¦
ADVEBTISEBIENTS.
f^^j^T^MySSfjjPjy^w ¦3nst»aM»ysty3sP^sWHsB
E IB J I aT.^B^Bsssf^5X£Vr* ±M bBbsbbeeXs*4iix.A H Vj^Z ¦§ ssm v MM
BEST CREAMERY
BUTTER, per square 35c
Extra table. Rtg. 40c square.
BEST CITY EGGS,
per dozen 15c
QUEEN OLIVES, isffi- hot... 25c.
la plat bottle*. Reg. S5e.
ASPARAGUS, Hickmott's, can 20c
Snow white. Regular 25c can.
APRICOTS, Extra Table Fruit.. 25c
3-!b cant. Reg. 30c Fruit.
CALIF. BLACK FIGS, per Ib — 5c
The very choicest.
BEZiERE SARDINES in oil, fin 20c
Relect Fish (boned). Reg. 25c
0 K BOURBON WHISKEY, Ken-
tucky, pir gal S3.00
negul&r {4 CO per gallon.
OK BOURBON WHISKEY—
$1,00 per bot, 3 bots for $2.00
HOCK WINE, 4 yrs old, per gal 75c
Regular $1 00 gallcn. '
FiHHAH HADDIES, S2£i-. per Ib I5e
EASTERN CODFISH, J t ';Vb"- f2Lc
Choice middle pieces. Reg. 15c.
OYSTERS in 2-lb cans, per can 20c
Large rite, full pack. Reg. 25c
SALMON, Alaska pack, par tin 20c
Regular 25c can.
TOMATOESJarge cans 9 4tinsfor 25c
Regular 10c per can.
Hotels as4 country orders solicited. Ask for
catalogue. »
BIBO, NEWMAN & IKENBERG,
1**7-49 POLK STREET.
. . TEL. EAST «X