VOLUME XCI.— XO 5.
POLL MADE BY THE CALL SHOWS
THAT CONGRESS IS FOR EXCLUSION
THE CALL is enabled to announce that Congress will pass a stringent law for the exclusion of Chinese laborers from the shores of America. To ascertain the sentiment
of members of the Senate and House of Representatives, correspondents of The Call have made a careful poll. This shows that a law more binding than the Geary act
will be enacted by Congress without delay. In the House the exclusion bill will have 239 votes out of a total of 357, and 56 Senators out of 90 will vote for exclusion.
SHUTS OUT
UNDESIRABLE
IMMIGRANTS
SENATOR J. C. BTJBBOWS.
Senator Burrows' Plan
to Deport Incoming
Criminals.
Provision for Close : Investi
gation of Antecedents
of Aliens.
One Section of the Bill Is for the Ap
pointment of Twelve Agents
to Make Inquiries in For
. ; eign Countries.
WASHINGTON, Dec 4.— Senator Bur
rows to-day introduced a bill "to provide
tot th© exclusion and deportation of alien
anarchists." The first section of the bill
Is as follows:
"That no alien anarchist shall hereafter
be permitted to land at any port of the
United States or be admitted into the
United States; that this provision shall
not be so construed as to apply to politi
cal refugees or political offenders other
' than such anarchists."
The second section directs the special
board of Inquiry authorized by immigra
tion laws to make diligent Investigation
Concerning the antecedents of any alien
Deeking admission into the United States
who Is suspected of being an anarchist,
and authorizing the board to go even to
the extent of examining the persons of
suspected aliens for marks indicative of
membership in anarchistic societies.
Deportation to Native Countries.
Section 3 provides for the return of per-
Bons to their native countries who have
secured admission to the United States
contrary to law and who have afterward
been found to be anarchists.
The fourth section provides that when
any alien is convicted of crime in a United
States court and It shall appear from the
evidence that he Is an anarchist the pre
siding Judge shall direct a further hear
ing and IX the Judge is satisfied that the
convicted alien is an anarchist or that bis
remaining in this country be a menace to
government or society in general, he may
direct that In addition to other punish
ments adjudged, the convicted alien, after
undergoing Buch punishments, shall be
1-leported at the expense of the United
"%iates to the country from which he came,
tnd if he returns to the United States,
ehall be punished by imprisonment at nard
labor for a period not exceeding five years
and afterward again deported.
Twelve Immigration Agents. .
Provision Is made for the appointment
of twelve immigration agents at a salary
of $2,500 each, to make investigations in
foreign countries concerning intended em
igrants.
The sixth and last section of the bill
provides that "the fact that an alien has
declared his intention to become a citizen
of the United States shall constitute no
bar to proceedings against him under this
act." . ' . '
HALE ITEGES THE CABLE.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.— Senator Hale
to-day reintroduced the Pacific cable bill
as it passed the last session of Congress.
It provides for the construction by the
Government of a cable from the western
•'^■ast of the United States to Hawaii.
' f^nator Fairbanks to-day Introduced a
bill for the admission of Oklahoma as a
State, and providing that the capital shall
be located at a town to be called McKln-
Jey in honor of the late President.
The San Francisco Call.
SHIP NELSON
DISAPPEARS
DURING GALE
Probable Loss of Vessel
and Crew of Twenty-
Eight Men.
Hawser Parts "While Tug Is
Towing Disabled Brit
ish Craft.
Lights Are Suddenly Extinguished
and Diligent Search for Hours .
Fails to Reveal Any
Trace of Her.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA, Or., Dec. 4.— The British ship
Nelson Is believed to have turned turtle
during the terrible storm last night and
gone to the bottom, carrying her crew
of twenty-eight men. Tugboat owners
here are Inclined to be optimistic, but
there is ample reason for tne fear that
the ship has been lost. "Whether or not
this Is the case will not be known until
to-morrow, by which time, if the Nelson
is still afloat, she should be sighted off
the Columbia.
The Nelson sailed from Astoria on No
vember 25 for the United Kingdom, car
rying a cargo of 63,715 bushels of wheat,
valued at $35,700. It has been said that
she was overloaded, but the truth of this
assertion canno* be vouched for. What
transpired during the seven days" wh«ch
elapsed before the ship was again sighted
is not known here, but it Is presumed the
vessel was damaged during the gales
which raged along the coast. On Mon
day night she was reported to be off the
river, looking for a tug, though she was
not flying distress signals at the time.
Testerday morning the tug Wallula
took hold of the Nelson, and later the
tug Tattoosh also passed a hawser. It
was the intention to bring the vessel Into
port, but the bar was very rough and the
attempt was abandoned.
Lights Suddenly Disappear.
The tugs held on to the Nelson until
late In the afternoon, when a gale came
up. The storm was so severe that the
vessel would have been driven ashore
had the tugs remained In their position,
so the Tattoosh started with the Nelson
for Puget Sound. The Wallula. being
short of fuel, returned to port. ' '
The start for the north was made at
4 o'clock yesterday afternoon. At that
hour the storm was quite severe, but
later as night came on the gale increased
in fury and soon reached the proportions
of a hurricane. The great steel hawser
held until 9:43 o'clock last night, when at
the height of the gale It suddenly snapped
close to the ship. Instantly the vessel's
lights, which were easily distinguishable
before that time, disappeared.
Whether the Nelson turned turtle time
alone will tell. The storm was a terrific
one and the seas were running mountain
high. The Tattoosh stood by, and during
the remainder of the night looked for the
vessel, without finding the slightest trace
of her. It Is usual under such circum
stances for a ship to flash a blue light,
thus acquainting the tug with the fact
that all is well on board. This was not
done by the Nelson, nor could any other
light be seen, though the tug made
thorough search in the vicinity. When
day broke there was no trace of the ship.
Tug Captains Are Hopeful.
Captain Bailey of the Tattoosh believes
the vessel is safe and that she will show
up at Cape Flattery to-morrow. He says
he realizes she may have met disaster,
but believes the chances are In favor of
her being safe. All of the tugboat men
were reticent when asked about the con
dition of the Nelson at the time she was
picked up. Captain Pcrriam of the Nel
son Is reported to have said that all his
canvas except a jib was carried away,
but the tugboat men refuse to confirm
this. All agree, however, that the vessel
would be at the mercy of the elements
unless she were provided with sails.
It is also said the Nelson's bulwarks
and boats had been smashed and that
Bhe was generally In a crippled condition.
She was a stanch ship and efficiently
commanded. A tug has been ordered out
from the Sound to look for her, while two
tugs will leave Astoria In the morning on
a similar mission. From the best in
formation at hand. It would appear the
chances for the vessel's safety are slen
der. \,
Those Aboard the Nelson.
The Nelson's cargo of lumber wa"s con
signed to Cape Town, South Africa, by
Taylor, Young & Co. of Portland.
The following Is a partial list of the
crew: Captain Perriam, First Mate W.
Strachan, Second Mate J. J. Tillsley;
seamen Vickmar.' M. Peterson. Lars
Peterson, D. Beste, A. Johansen, J. Jen
sen, F. Larsen, J. Torell, John , Mealcy,
Continued on Page Three.
SAN FRANCISCO, * THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1901.
UNCLE SAM-THIS HORDE MUST NOT ENTER MY DOHAIN.
HOW THE MEMBERS STAND ON
KEEPING OUT THE CHINESE
SENATE. . HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES.
_ _ -— ■ — — . _ j _ _ ___
5 ■■•• .HJ- |\ ': . . . 5 ■ HJ |
STATE. ■ '.' * 'ST? ' ? STATE M - 0 £ ■ ' 5
■ ■ ■ g ■:■.• ■• . : ". . ■• o :
i ? • '. ■ 9
Alabama x . . l Alabama "Ifi 1 3
Arkansas x , VS; ; 1 ArUn iihiih 4 1 . X
California 3 ... ". . California 7 .. ..
Colorado 3 . . Colorado 2 . .
Connecticut ## t> » . Connecticut 2 2
Delaware 1 .. " % x Delaware 1 .. ..
Florida x # # j. Florida a - . .
Georgia x #> j - Georgia..... '» .. 2
J?, aho / 2 .. .. Idaho... 1
Illinois jj ># .. Illinois... 15 .. 7
Indiana 2 ,-~, .. Indiana 8 .. 5
}pvra x # , i Iowa ..".;. 8 1 2
Kansas. .• t ## 1 Kansas R .. a
Kentucky 1 .. 1 < Kentucky 9 .. .1
Louisiana ;- ; t# g Louisiana. 4 .. 2
Main© ; T.. ,. ! i Maine 2 .. 2
Maryland.... 2 .. ,. Maryland 5 .. 1
Massachusetts 1 ..' X Massachusetts 8 2 3
Michigan x #> x Michigan 8*1 3
Minnesota 1 .. 1 Minnesota B .. 2
WJ M ?nrl..... i ..1 Mississippi 5 .. 2
Mississippi S - ., .. Missouri io .. ' * 5
Montana a ,. t ... Montana i !.
Nebraska .. ## - • a , Nebraska 5 .. 1
Nevada....... a .. .. Nevada ;...- 1 .. ..
Jew Hampshire i .. x New Hampshire 1 .1 1
New Jersey x ,. x New York ............. 23 .. 11
J.e^-Vork... a ,., North Carolina 0 1 2
£ or J£ Carolina i .. >. x North Dakota. l .. • ..
ISorth Dakota i ., x Ohio.. ... IO II B
° U *°V 2 .. .. Pennsylvania....... 19 .. 13
S «£ i"**; ' 2 •• •• Rhode Island...... l l .?
E*SS" T l v f al 5 * *• - 1 Sonth Carolina B .7 2
Rhodelriand x x South Dakota l f II i
South Carolina i ..1 Tennessee O II 3
South Dakota 1" .. l. Texas 7 II «
Tennessee i .. i Utah.. I.......I... 1
T t f x , as ,•• 2 .. .. Vermont «
Utah.... a .. .. Vlra-lnla........ 6 II '4
Vf™»o?t- ••• • •• .... 2 Washington... 2 I ;*
Virginia 2 .. •..• ■ - . ■ West- Vinrlnln 'S £>
Washington: 2 II II J Wi.consto£^*V. Y. \ \Y, V.\ B II 6
Went Virginia .... l . . 1 Wyoming. i
Wisconsin 2 . ., .. : ■ »•••••••••••..... a .. ..
Lj STREET, N. W., WASH
INGTON, Dec. 4— Call
representatives have just com
pleted a careful and painstaking
canvass of the Senate and House
of Representatives, which estab
lishes beyond any doubt that the
Chinese exclusion act will pass
by a tremendous majority.
Indeed.it is considered doubt
ful - whether a • roll call will be
BY O. O. a^RLTOlT,
BPKCIAL CORRESPONDENT OF 'THE CALL.
needed. ' It will hardly be "dis
pensed with, however, as mem
bers • of Congress are anxious to
enroll themselves on the side oi
protection <of labor in order to
please the various labor organi
zations that have been bornbarcl
ing them with petitions and
memorials. ;_
i Many Senators who are stick
lers f or . propriety stood on their
dignity and utterly refused to ex*
press an opinion and others con
sented to express ' themselves
merely for the sake of a "poll."
but not for publication.
But such leaders as Aldrich,
Allison, Cullom, Fairbanks, For
aker, Spooner, Hanna, Lodge,
Mason and ( Morgan did not hesi
tate to express themselves- em
phatically for exclusion. Quay
Continued on Page Two.
CUBA FINDS
A FRIEND IN
ROOSEVELT
President Working Hard
for Relief of the
Island.
Governor "Wood x Aids Him
in 'Enlisting Strong
Sympathy.
Some Measure of Reciprocity on Su
gar and Tobacco Should, They
Declare, Be Immediately
Granted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., Dec 4.— President Roosevelt, with
able and persistent support from Secre
tary Root and General Leonard Wood, Is
forcing to the front the question of relief
for Cuba. It will speedily become the
absorbing question before Congress and
afford the first test of the new President's
influence with the legislative branch. He
is urging immediate action In order to in
sure the tranquillity and prosperity of the
island and aserts that unless something
is done within a month the consequnces
will be serious.
Furthermore the administration takes
the position that responsibility for the
peace and happiness of Cuba now rests
.wttjh Congress and that It is the great
moral question, of the hour.
So urgent is the President In this mat
ter that he Is taking every possible oppor
tunity to put the situation before the Sen
ate and House leaders and General Wood
is here for the purpose of explaining
Cuban conditions to the lawmakers.
To-day Wood was at the Capitol In long
consultation with leading Senators, urg
ing some immediate measure of reciproc
ity on Cuban sugar and tobacco, particu
larly the former.
Wood Talks of Cuba.
General Wood has come: to Washing
ton from Cuba at the request of the
President and Secretary Root and last
night he met at Roosevelt's table such
well known protection Senators as Hanna,
Platt of Connecticut, Elklns, Kean, Bev
eridge and Scott and explained to them
the necessity for immediate relief.
General Wood admits frankly that he
has radically changed his views In regard
to the Cuban situation. He formerly held
the opinion that Cuba would soon become
prosperous in spite of a lack of reciprocal
relations with the United States; that she
would work out her own salvation, ones
free, and in fact that there were no clouds
in the Cuban skies. Personal observation
of months and close contact with leading
business men have, however, convinced
him that something must be done by the
American Congress before any commercial
advancement can be made. Part of the
sugar crop in the island is ready to be
ground and the rest Is ready to cut. Un
less some arrangement can be made for a
market In the United States a tremendous
loss will be the result.
Cubans Entertain Hope.
The Cubans are waiting and time la an
Important factor. They point to Porto
Rico and say that under the present com
mercial relations sugar plants there are
yielding 40 per cent on the Investment.
They point to the fact that Cuba buys
annually. $37,000,000 In goods from England
and Germany because the United States
markets are not open to' their products
and they pointedly ask why we should
spend blood and money in freeing
Cuba and then allow others to reap the
reward. All this Is from the standpoint
of a Cuban, as related by General Wood.
The administration takes the position
that relief for the Island does not in
volve a question of revenue at home. It
is not a matter of much Importance to
any great industry in the United States,
but it is everything to the Cubans. It
means prosperity or panic, hope or de
spair, tranquillity or uprisings. '■ ■
Hardly had the President's recommend
ations regarding Cuba been read in Con
gress when he began reinforcing his
message by direct and indirect appeals to
the leading members. It is , not denied
that these have been effective, and Sen
ator Proctor's support and possibly that
of Senator Aldrich, a very Important
man, are said to have. been gained.
President Urges Belief.
One argument prominently advanced by
tne high tariff public men is that any
concessions to Cuba now would put the
inhabitants in a position of so much in
dependent prosperity that they ' would
never desire to come into the United
States should we need them or care to
have them. The President insists, how
ever, that the present question of relief
shall be considered entirely Independent
of the possible future annexation. That
tea question of the future and manifest
destiny. Our duty nor/ is to help Cuba
Continued on Page Two.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SUPPRESSION
OF ANARCHY
IN AMERICA
SENATOR L. E.* McCOMAS.
* — i . *
Resolutions Providing for
Very Severe Penalties
Are Introduced.
McCbmas Will Address the
Senate Concerning As
saults on Presidents.
Statesmen to Inaugurate a Crusade
on Murderous Criminals and to
Amend Constitution it
Necessary.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— Practically
the entire time of the Senate to-day was
devoted to the introduction of bills and
resolutions. Two of these measures, re
lating to the suppression of anarchy and
dealing with anarchism, were allowed
to lie on the table, so that their author3,
McComas of Maryland and Vest of Mis
souri, may bring them to the early at
tention of the Senate. The isthmian
canal report was transmitted to the Sen
ate by the President, and several bills
providing for the construction of the
waterway, one of them by Morgan of
Alabama, who has led the movement for
the canal In the past, were presented.
McComas of Marylar.1 gave notice that
he would address the Senate at rts next
session concerning assaults on the Presi
dent, the deportation of anarchists, etc.
Vest Proposes an Inquiry.
Vest of Missouri offered a resolution
proposing an Inquiry by the Committee
on Judiciary as to the powers of Con
gress to deal with anarchy, to suppress
the teaching of anarchy and to provide a
penal colony for convicted anarchists.
The resolutions and an anti-anarchist
measure by McComas are on the Senate
table open to early debate.
The Vest resolution directs the Judi
ciary Committee to inquire If Congress
has power to legislate for the punish
ment of anarchists who assassinate or at
tempt to assassinate the President ot tne
United States, and If not whether It Is
expedient to amend the Federal consti
tution to enable Congress so to legislate.
Also, whether it is necessary and expe
dient so to amend the Federal constitu
tion as to empower Congress to prevent
by such means "as may be deemed neces
sary the teaching by anarchists of the
doctrine that all governments should be
destroyed; also whether It Is necessary
and expedient so to amend the Federal
constitution that Congress shall have
power to punish all persons belonging to
anarchistic associations; also what
amendments, if any,' are necesasry to
the naturalization laws to prevent the
coming Into this country of anarchists
and their becoming citizens of the United
States; also whether It Is necessary or ex
pedient so to amend the Federal constitu
tion as to give Congress the power to es
tablish a penal colony, on some suitable
island under the jurisdiction of the
United States, to which, after trial and
conviction, every anarchist holding the
doctrine that all governments should be
destroyed by the assassination of their
chief rulers shall be deported, and that
the committee, after due examination
and inquiry, shall recommend to the Sen
ate such amendments to the Federal con
stitution as may be necessary to prevent
the teaching and promulgation of anarch-
Continued on Page Two.2
BARS TO BE KEPT UP AGAINST COOLIE LABOR
LAWMAKERS SURE
TO PASS THE ACT
Provisions of the Geary Law- Are to
v Be Made Decidedly fibre
Continued From Page One.
was silent, as usual, and will
probably dodge the vote as ht
did in 1892.
paper, the Philadelphia North
American, is making an earnest
light for exclusion. Its columns
are daily filled with urgent edi
torials and with memorials and
petitions of labor organizations.
Wanamaker and Quay are po
litical enemifes, as is well known.
For this reason, Quay may pos
sibly oppose the bill, unlezs he
fears the big labor element of
Pennsylvania. Penrose, his asso
ciate, is for exclusion, and to-day
introduced a bill barring the Chi
nese. So did Qua}% but he did
it "by request."
Frye and Depew Silent.
Frye of Maine positively refuses to dis
cuss the question of exclusion, but he will
probably vote against an exclusion bill
end in favor of the Pacific railroads, as
he did in 1S92.
Senator Depew, chairman of the New
York Central board of directors, may also
oppose exclusion. He refuses to express
his views, however.
It is gratifying to observe that Chinese
exclusion will not be a party question. It
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WHAT CAUSES DEAFMESS.
She Principal Cause Is Curable but
Generally Overlooked.
Many thing's may cause deafness, and
very often it is difficult to trace a cause.
Borne people inherit deafness. Acute dis-
eases like scarlet fever sometimes cause
deafness. But by far the most common
cause of loss of hearing Is catarrh of the
head and throat.
A prominent specialist on ear troubles
gives as his opinion that nine out of ten
cases of deafness are traced to throat
trouble; this Is probably overstated, but
it is certainly true that more than half cf
all cases of poor hearing were caused by
catarrh.
The catarrhal secretion in the nose and
throat finds its way into the eustachian
tube and by clogging it up very soon af-
fects the hearing and the hardening of
the secretion makes the loss of hearing
permanent, unless the catarrh whicn
caused the trouble is cured.
Those who are hard cf hearing "mav
think this a little far fetched, but any-
one at all observant must have noticed
how a hard cold in the head will affect
the hearing and that catarrh if long ne-
glected will certainly impair the sense cZ
hearing and ultimately cause deafness.
If the nose and throat are kept clear
and free from the unhealthy secretions of
catarrh, the hearing will at once greatly
improve and anyone suffering from deaf-
ness and catarrh can satisfy themselves
on this point by using a fifty-cent box of
btuart s Catarrh Tablets, a new catarrii
cure, which in the past year has won the
approval of thousands of catarrh suffe--
crs, as well as physicians, because it is
in convenient form to use. contains no
cocaine or opiate and is as safe and pleas-
ant for children as for their elders
Stuart's Catarrh Tablets is a whole-
some combination of Blood Boot, Guaia-
co li Eucalyptol and similar antiseptics
and they cure catarrh and catarrhal deaf-
ness by action upon the blood and
mucous membrane of the nose and throat
A.s one physician aptly expresses It:
«-\?£ do not have to draw upon the imagl
lnation to discover whether you are get-
ting benefit from Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets; improvement and relief are appar-
en t from the first tablet taken."
Thil USgl K ts * s «y and recommend them.
They cost but fifty cents for full sized
package and any catarrh sufferer who
has wasted time and money on sprayV
tu l Ve t S h* n ™ P0 , W de , rs i wiH appreciate to the
lets Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
Fine Holiday Presents 1
Made io Order*. I
Globe Cassimere Suits i
Worth $40.00. 1
Full Dress, Silk Lined 1
I S40 and S45 1
L Worth $55 to $75. 4
jdOE PQHEIMi
i THE TAILOR. 3
8 201-703 Montgomery St. I
i] 1110-1112 Karktt St., E»= Fr»=ei»C3 1
I Ii3 8. Spring St.. Lei Annies. ' |
§ DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 188L Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mail.
Cures guaranteed.
ym MARKET ST.
SAN FRAXCISCO. CAi.
will be supported by the leaders on both
sides in the Senate and the House. ' -
Henderson, the Speaker; Payne of New
York, Dalzell of Pennsylvania, Hopkins
of Illinois, Babcock of Wisconsin, Dick
of Ohio, Richardson of Tennessee, Cum :
minsra of New York, Grosvenor of Ohio'
and Sibley of Pennsylvania, all leaders,
■will vote for exclusion, and do not hesi
tate to say so.
. Tne Bill Sure to Pass.
i There are many new members of the
House, however, who are green as legis
lators, who Imagine that the fate of the
nation hangs on their utterances, and
they pleaded for time to carefully con
sider the question before expressing an
opinion on so weighty a matter.' )
Having j thus- refused to answer th-3
question, "Are you in favor of Chinese
exclusion?" they were later approached
by other emissaries of The Call who
asked, "Do you think an exclusion bill
will pass?" and in moat cases these
doubtful ones replied, "Yes." So in the
tabulated column appended many of
those who are classed as doubtful will
probably .vote for exclusion, for natural
ly if they expect the bill to pass, the in
ference would be thajt they will vote
for It. Y-,;:^::.
However, aside from the doubtful ones,
positive expressions were obtained from
enough House members to show that the
exclusion bill will muster 239 votes out
of a' total of 357; at least fifty-six Sena
tors will vote for exclusion out of a tctal
of ninety. yV/
. I/elter Sent to Lawmakers.
The following letter was. sent to each
Senator and Representative:
"CALL BUREAU, 140 P STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 2.— Dear
Sir: The law of Congress providing, for
the exclusion of Chinese laborers com
monly known as the Geary act being
about to expire by limitation/ the Pacific
Coast people are apprehensive that the
failure of Congress to continue such act
in force would result in an enormous in
flux of cheap labor from China. Califor
nia with her great length of coast lire
fairly exposed to Chinese inroads feels
that she is entitled to be heard. Monster
conventions of merchants' associations
and labor organizations have been heid
at San Francisco and elsewhere on the
Pacific Coast, and the people are stirred
up as they never have been before con
cerning Chinese exclusion.
"The San Francisco Call, wishing to
obtain the sentiment of Congress, re
spectfully requests from you an expres
sion cf opinion on the subjoined blank,
not necessarily for publication, but mere-i
ly as a poll. If you will kindly write a
few lines stating whether or not, in your
opinion, the present law excluding Chi
nese laborers should be continued in
force, or strengthened, if need be, you
will greatly oblige The Call. Respectfully,
"C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent."
Replies not having been received from
many' of the Congressmen, representa
tives of The Call sought personal inter
views. As a rule the leaders * expressed
themselves as positively in favor of ex
clusion, though in many cases the new
Congressmen consented to express an
opinion provided only they were not
quoted, -r '■'• ■
It will be observed that very few Con
gressmen were willing to express them
selves against exclusion. The reason is
obvious. They are ""af raid of the labor
© •H%«'I"I"I"!"I"I"I"I">'j«»^H > >;« H**;-j— J~j~j-
SUPPRESSION OF ANARCHY
Continued From Page One.
leal doctrines, in the United States.
Punishment of Assassins.
Senator. Hoar to-day introduced a bill
for the protection of the President which
provides as follows:
"That any person who shall, within the
limits of the United States 'or any place
subject to the jurisdiction; thereof, will
fully kill or cause the death of the Presi
dent of the United States or any officer
thereof, or who shall willfully kill or
cause the death of the ruler or chief
magistrate of any foreign country, shall
be punished with death. '.
"That any person, who shall, within the
limits of the United States or. any place
subject to the jurisdiction there~
of, make an attempt on the life of
the president, of the United States, or
any officer thereof, or who shall make nn
attempt on the life of the ruler or chief
magistrate of any foreign country, shall
be punished with death. . ■ *
"That any person who shall, within the
limits of the United States or any place
subject to the jurisdiction thereof, advise
the killing of the President of the United
States or any officer or shall conspire to
accomplish the same, or who shall aSvise
or counsel the killing of the ruler or.
chief magistrate of an}' foreign country
or conspire to accomplish the same, shall
be punished by imprisonment not exceed
ing twenty years.
•"That any person who has conspired as
aforesaid may be indicted and .convicted
separately, although the other party or
parties to the conspiracy are not indicted
or justified.
"That* any person who shall willfully/
and knowingly aid in the escape from
punishment of any person guilty of either
of the acts mentioned in the foregoing
sections shall be deemed an accomplica
after the fact and shall be punished as
if a principal, although the other party or
parties to said offense shall not be-in
dicted or convicted." • .
McComas' Resolution.
Senator McComas' resolution declares
that Congress has power and should by
law provide that a person or persons who
wilfully kill or assault with intent to kill
the President or, Vice President, or both,
or any officer upon whom the powers and
duties of President may devolve under
the constitution and laws, shall be pun
ished with death, the Federal courts to
have * jurisdiction of such offenses: also
for the exclusion and deportation of alien
anarchists; also that Congress shall sup
port the executive department In procur
ing an amendment to all extradition trea
ties similar to the provision in our con
vention with Belgium for the extradition
of criminal , anarchists. • - : '
INTERNATION-AX SUPPRESSION.
Fowers of the World Likely to Unite
. Against Anarchism. V;
CALL. BUREAU, 1406 . G STREET, N.
w., ...WASHINGTON,' pec. 4.—Interna
tional suppression 'of anarchism' will ~be
possible the moment authority is given to
President Roosevelt to negotiate treaties.
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAliL, THURSDAY,'. DECEMBER 5, 1901.
vote.' A vote recorded against exclusion
of Chinese' cheap. labor would ring ■•-. the;
death' knell of any Congressman who" had
the temerity to oppose it. The few;"' who
are opposed to exclusion will' dodge*
vote. - ! '■'■' ••■:• v -..':■■•- ■.:- ..'..•'•''>■
The following named Senators who are
yet members ; of the: upper House voted
against the Geary, bill in; 1892: Bate,'
Frye, Platt.
These who are now Senators and voted
for the bill are: Allison, Cockreli; Cul-j
lorn, - Gallinger, Hansbrough, Jones' of
Arkansas, Mitchell, Morgan, . . Stewart,.
Vest and Warren.
In the House the Geary bill mustered:
yeas, 186; nays, 27; -not voting, 115.
In the Senate: Yeas,' 30; nays, 15; not
voting, 37.
EXCLUSION TWENTY YEABS.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 4.—Sen
ator Penrose of Pennsylvania introduced
This Is the consensus of opinion of
European diplomats in Washington. The
feature of. the President's message re
lating to anarchism was especially inter
esting to these gentlemen and all of them
have cabled it and other points of inter
national importance to their governments.
At this time it is ImDossible for the
United States to engage in any treaty
contemplating ; the suppression of an
archists because its laws do not- permit it
to reach accomplices of a regicide, who
are in this country. > .••■.. ; . .'
One diplomat wh» discussed the Presi-.
dent's message said to-day that he ex
pects the anti-anarchism recommendation
will ca,use a revival of interest on this
subject in Europe. Jt is the expectation
that representation will *be made, to the
United States to ascertain how far it is
willing to go to stamp out , anarchism.
Russia, Germany, France, Italy, Austria
and Spain will gladly join with the United
States in adopting repressive measures.
Great Britain is in much the same position
as the United States in respect .to »the ab
sence of laws which enable ,the apprehen
sion of anarchists and before effective In
ternational action can be taken she will
have to follow the example of the United
States and authorize her Judicial officers
to create measures for the punishment of
anarchists. * . .....
DUTIES ARE DISCONTINUED.
Secretary of the Treasury Issues Or
ders to Customs Collectors.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— The Secretary
of the Treasury to-day issued, the follow
ing circular of instructions to Collector's'
of Customs regarding the refund of duties'
collected from imports from the Philip
pine Islands: ' ; '•■'.'.''■''■■'■■
Referring to the recent decision of "the Su-'
preme Court : of the United States relative to
importations ' from the Philippine Islands; I
have to confirm -the department's telegram of
the 3d inpt., as follows: ■ • -,..* ; .
- "Discontinue entry and collection of duty on
'merchandise shown by manifest of vessel to be
shipped f rom. the Philippines. Allow free delivery
goods . in . bond. . Detain cigars and cigarettes'
until internal revenue stamps are affixed under
circulars 81 and 85, current year. Refunds will
be made by certified statement where protests
are duly filed.". -•, ■ •■. ••- — ---•
With due regard to matter of refunds, I
have to state In addition to forwarding certi
fied statements as above directed, you will for
ward certified statements where- no protests
have been filed, .when so required by the par
ties in interest, with a view to submitting esti
mates for appropriation to Congress -should it.
be found that no existing appropriation. should
be available. •'■.!. .' .- . '
PLAN TO HANDLE TRUSTS.
Mary land. Representative Offer's Sug
gestions About Dealings With-\y
; Vv". ... Combines. . , . , -I .-.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— Representative.
Pearre of. Maryland has proposed • a plain
of dealing with . th"e tariff and" trusts
somewhat similar to the plan proposad
last ' year by Representative Babcock;"
which caused much discussi#n. Pearre's
bill authorizes and directs, the suspension
of tariff duties upon imports when their
sale or manufacture is monopolized. Pri>,
vision also Is made for a commission to
report to the President on the subject.' /
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. All
druggists refund the money It It falls to cure.
E. W. Grove's signature is «s each box, 25c- •
the ..{Jeary exclusion law'StiJ-day, with a
PCOvisiQ'n that it shall be < In effect ( for
twenty years. Senator" Penrose feels con
fident that" the Immigration Committee
wllj.be ahle'frgm'tliJs.* bill", and others yet
to -be, Introduced,, , to frame legislation
which will -maker Chinese exclusion more
effective.' . Several .Chinese exclusion bills
wore also introduced in the House. * •
'.'Senator Penrose.v will to-morrow intro
duce v two .immi'gr'ation-bills, each of which
complements the other. '.One was pre
pared by Commissioner General Powderly
and- is^intended~to-reme4y- defects- that
have been 'found in the: existing laws
regulating' Immigration. The other bill is
the one championed by' Senator Lodge
spnie time ago; .which provides . for an
educational test of would-be immigrants.
It. has "added:' It is~understodd,-pTCVlsions
for the deportation of anarchists and ..or
their rigid moral and physical" Inspection,
both at the foreign ports 'of embarkation
and at the ports of .arrival in the United
States. ■ . ■ < ; .
• It is believed tha* these two bills,
which have been most carefully consid
ered, will form a basis for legislation that
will cure many of the evils of the present
immigration system.
Representative Hepburn of Iowa, who is
to be chairman of the Interstate and For-
CUBA FINDS FRIEND III ROOSEVELT
Continued From Page One.
to get on her" commercial feet again, to
treat her as a coming republic. Any pos
sible injury, at most temporary, • that we
may be doing to the beet sugar. industry
is but small compared to the great good
we are withholding from a young nation:
These arguments 'put forward with the
President's well-known energy and per
sistence are bearing fruit, arid. even high
protectionists admit they are undecided
in "their views.. Senator Spooner said to
night that the question was still in the
air, and the friends of the administration
position assert that each Indecision as is
shown just now means an early yielding
to the President's views. .
Chairman Payne * of the Ways and
Means Committee, however, told The Call
correspondent to-day that he: had not yet
changed his opinion and could not see
how we could treat with Cuba when Cuba
had no government/ In answer to this it
is said that Senator Platt of Connecticut
and his followers . found a. way -to deal
wlEli Porto Rico and it ought not to be
difficult now with. Cuba. • fvV
CANAL BILL S PRESENTED.
Senators Morgan and- Perkins the
Authors of the Measures.
- WASHINGTON, Dec." 4.-Two bills look
ing'to the construction of a canal via the
Nicaraguan route 1 were introduced, to-day
in the Senate.. -The first of these was pre-'
sented by .Senator Morgan and is as fol
lows: . ..,,.' • .";/' ■ . . . v
• That the President of the United States be
and is hereby authorized to acquire from and
HIGHEST PRICES
PREVAIL SINCE
THE CIVIL WAR
NEW YORK, Dec '4.— Dun's
index number, to be . issued
December 7. "will; say: If a
; .' man . purchased his . supplies
for" one year -'on December ; T* they
- would have cost '$101 37, .while the
. same quantities ; of . the ; same" ar U -
: • cles would jj have aggregated- only
■ ; $72 45 on July 1) 1897;- the lowest
point on • record, . and ?121 75 on
. January j 1, I860.; : ; These price-rec
. \ ords - are; compiled .by. multiplying
, ; ,*-£he ' quotations of all, the neces
- • sa'ries , of .life '■ by . the . per capita
• consumption.* 'Prices are - now; : at
. the . highest \ point; in ' many : years
".' and ! - In , fact / surpass ; all "records
'."since present improved methods
of manufacture and u distribution
have - been in -use and : agricultural
operations • were first begun : on the
•:, present extensive scale' with labor
saving^ machinery.: . ■,
COMMISSIONER OF IMMIGRATION
AND SENATE LEADER WHO
ARE WORKING FOR EXCLUSION.
eign Commerce Committee, told The Call
correspondent to-day he would offer the
isthmian canal bill in a few days. It will
be practically the same bill -that passed
the House last session. .
WOULD EXTEND GEARY LA"
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— Senator Lodge
to-day introduced a bill providing for the
removal of the ten-year limitation on the
Chinese exclusion act, thus leaving the
provisions of the Geary act in force. That
act, which was approved May 5, 1892, ex
cluded the Chinese indefinitely, but the
Scott act of November 3, 1893, limited the
exclusion to ten years. In case there: is
no legislation in the- meantime the ten
years' limit will expire next May. Sen
ator Lodge's bill is brief and Is as fol
lows : ......
"That so -much of section 1 of the act
of Congress approved November 3, 1893,
to 'prevent the coming of Chinese per
sons into the United States,' as limits
the exclusion of said Chinese persons to
ten years from the passage of - said act
of May 5, 1892, is hereby repealed." ■
Internal Bevenue Collector Named
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— The President
to-day sent a number of recess appoint
ments to " the Senate and the new ap
pointment of George W. ■ Lieberth of Ken
tucky, to ■ be Collector of Internal Rev
enue for the Sixth District of Kentucky.
Among the recess appointments sent in
was that of Attorney General Knox.
to conclude agreements with the states of
Costa Rica and Nicaragua, or either of them,
for and In behalf of the United States for the
full control of such portion of territory now
belonging to Costa Rica and Nicaragua as may
be desirable on which to excavate, construct,
govern, regulate, police and protect a canal of
such detith and capacity as will be sufficient
for the movements of ships of the greatest ton
nage and draught now In use from a point
near Greytown on the Caribbean Sea, via Lake
Nicaragua to .Brito on the. Pacific Ocean, ana
such sum as may be necessary to secure neces
sary rights, privileges' and such control Us
hereby appropriated cut of any money In the
treasury otherwise unappropriated: • . ;
The other bill was introduced by Sena
tor Perkins and provides for a perpetual
lease by the United States' of. the right of
way across Nicaragua and Costa Rica and
confers "military; police and sanitary con
trol of the route by the United States. It
mu»:es an appropriation of $120,000,000, of
which sum $12,000,000 is to be expended an
nually. ' A non-partisan commission is to
be appointed by the President to have
charge of the canal, the members of the
commission to be selected from, different
parts of the United' States and to be paid
¥10,000 salary each per year. This commis
sion is to have its headquarters at Rivas,
Nicaragua, with a branch office in Wash
ington. The appointment of engineers is
also authorized. ' "'
It is also provided that the canal shall
be of the'dimensions recommended by the
Isthmian Canal Commission. , The com
mission proposed* is "empowered to make
all contracts and to supervise their per
formance, no contract to be legal until
ratified by a majority of the commission
ers. The commission is to report semi
anhually to the President and to keep ac
curate'accounts of its transactions. It la
explicitly provided that no commissioner
or employe shall be interested in any con
tract connected "with the construction of
the canal. The bill authorizes the Presi
dent of the United States to make minor
changes in the route recommended for the
canal and the methods of construction.
Anti-Trust Bill - Introduced.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.-Senator Jones
of. Arkansas' to-day introduced without
amendment' the ' anti-trust bill which
passed the House during the last session
o£ .Congress, . but which failed to pass ■ the
Senate. . • - .- . -
Doctors Tell of Her Injuries.
-WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— The defense fn
the case of Mrs. Lola Ida Bonine. on trial
for -the killing, of -James Seymour. Ayers
Jr. on the night of May 14 last, introduced
to-day testimony of several Washington
physicians, including the jail 'physician,
regarding bruises and abrasions on" Mrs.
Bonlne'sperson',.and also the state of her
health at the time of the tragedy. Dr.
H. D. Frye said that he had found twelve
such bruises.
Will Distribute Turkey's Money.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— Secretary Hay
has ordered /the ' final distribution of the
indemnity-fund, amounting to $90,000, patd
by Turkey to the United States on ac
count of the destruction of • missionary
property at Harput' and elsewhere,- the
killing of Bicyclist Lenz of Pittsburg and
fether matters. Of the claims that were
filed j at the State Department forty-one
were <. disallowed and . : forty-two -allowed." -:
WASHINGTON, Dec! . 4.-Brisradler General
Crozler, chief of ordnance, : has-been detailed
as a member of . the T board " of ordnance and
fortifications to succeed General BuIBngton, re
t'red."130g9att9BMHHIHB)MtalnEHiteHfl
BOTH SIDES READY
FOR THE CONTEST
Chinese Lecturer Travels East,
Whib Congressman, Woods
Gathers Data.
IV order that he may be well posted
upon the Chinese question when the
exclusion law comes up before Con
gress, Hon. S. D. Woods, who repre
sents the Second District of this
State, has been gathering data from all
sources. There is no inconsiderable Chi
nese population in his district and he is
supplementing his personal knowledge
with that of others who have been more
closely in touch with them.
The following letter has been sent to
him from this city:
SAN FRAXCISCO, Dec. 5, 1901.
Hon. S. D. Woods, Member of Qonsresa;
Washington, D. C— Sir: In answer to your
request for a statement of the moral condi
tion ot the Chinese in San Francisco. I re
spectfully submit the following:
My experiences during the past twenty-five
years as organizer of Chinese Sunday-schools
in Eastern America, as a missionary in China
and to the Chinssa of the Pacific Coast, and
as an official Chinese Interpreter in the Fed
eral courts of California, have led, me to ob
serve with much Interest and ever-growing
concern the conditions surrounding the Chi
nese laborers In California and the probable
effect of those conditions uDon the home lov
ing people of our own land, as well as upon
the Chipese themselves. . . ..-'■
I do not speak from racial prejudice. I nave
none. What I have to say about the Chinese
with whom I have come in such close con
tact is said from a sense of duty and with the
hope that It may call attention to the alarm
ing conditions now existing in the clcse, mys
terious, fetid atmosphere of the Chinatown ct
San Francisco so apparent io any worker
amcts the Chinese of that quarter.
Is the spring of 1SS6 I had occasion to ad
drejs a Sunday evening audience In the Chorcn
of Strangers In New York City. Upon that oc
casion 1 said in effect that durins my five
years' rsstdence in the part of the province
of China from whence the Chinese of Califor
nia have mostly come I had been given ex
ceptional opportunities for observing and com
paring the Chinese who returned home from
California with those - who had never left
China, and as the result of my observations
I. was strongly In favor of the restriction laws
and of making them even more restrictive, be
cause of the demoralizing effect that emigra
tion had had upon the Chinese themselves.
Since that time I have studied conditions
earnestly and thoroughly and I ■ seen tenden
cies amons these Chinese that fill my mind
with alarm for their own future welfare and
for the welfare of American youths who come
in contact with them.
Conditions of Life.
Practically all of the Chinese who come to
California are from a small region of one or
the eiehteen provinces of China. Most of them
are farmers' sons, unaccustomed- to city lue.
They leave their wives In China, where they
can support them for about $4 a month, mak
ing visits home every four or five years. .
There are at sresent about 1S.0C0 of these
men in San Francisco, huddled together within
a sracs comDoaed of a few blocks, separated
from their wives, with no home 'life and with
out the restraining influence of} women.
A condition of immorality has resulted only
paralleled by that which called down in old
times the judgment of God uaon Sodom and
Gomorrah, and the same perversions or
morality exist in Chinatown to-day.
Another evil calling for drastic measures Is
the importation of -women for immoral pur
poses. There are at present in Chinatown
hundreds of Chinese women who have been in
duced to come here to marry rich husband3
and who upon their arrival were sold into the
lowest form of human slavery. Since their
organization the Presbyterian and Methodist
rescue homes have, under great difficulties,,
rescued over nins hundred Chinese slave girls.
What must have bean the number who have
lived and died In bondasei
Under the instructions ot the Attorney Gen'
eral, the United States Attorney for the North
ern District 'of California, his associates, and
the Chinese Bureau at San Francisco, have
made every effort to cope with this evil and
have had the encouragement of the San Fran
cisco press, but the present laws have ren
dered nugatory many of their efforts by reason
of the fact that if through any fraudulent
means the owners of these girls can establish
their American nativity the law as it stands
to-day cannot compel these owners to release
There are a number of earnest ■ Chinese
Christians and others in San Francisco, whose
morals are beyond question. I love these Chi
nese Christian brethren as I do- the Christians
of ■ my own people and I do not feel ais
courased in the work of the Gospel among
them. - But knowing as I do these alarming
facts, I feel it my duty to call attention to
them. V v* ".'
Suggestions for Amendments.
Under the present law thousands of laborers
return to this country every year after a visit
to China. I believe condition' ■ are such ana
the danger to our own youth so great that not
only «=hould the present exclusion laws be re
enacted, but made sy as to exclude all alien
Chinese laborers returning to thi3 country ex
cept these .who bring their wives, and that
there should be strict provisions requiring the
registration of such families and the deporta
tion of any who should for immoral purposes
abuse the privilege. • •
I would respectfully suggest to you that
some such restrictions as_the following would
in my opinion very largely tend to exclude all
undesirable Chinese persons desiring to enter
this country and would also mitigate the evils
above complained of: •
First— That all alien Chinese females in the-
United States bs registered annually. That
information as to the United States regarding
slavery, with directions as to where to obtain
relief If held In bondage, be printed on their
certificates In English and Chinese, and that
such Information and directions be read and
explained to the holder of such certificate by
the officer issulns it at the time of registra
tion, such certificate to be retained by the fe
male to whom it is Issued. That information
and directions similar to that contained in the
certificate be conspicuously posted In every
apartment occupied by Chinese females.
Spcond— That any alien Chlnsse person who
shall be guilty of any crime against the mar
riage laws of the State or Territory in which
he shall reside shall be deported.
Third— That any alien Chinese person who
shall engaee in any business or occupation
contrary to the laws of the United States, or
of the State ■ or Territory In which he shall
carry on such business or occupation, shall be
"Fourth— That any alien Chinese person who
shall be found present at any meeting of any
society or corporation where any business is
transacted contrary to the laws of the United
States, or of the State or Territory In which
such meeting Is held, shall be deported. \ ery
respectfully ' ■ D. • D. JONES.
Interpreter of Chinese for the Federal Courts.
ROOSEVELT REFERS TO
THE COLLECTORSHIP
President Hopes Senators Bard and
Perkins Will Be. Able to
Agree.
WASHINGTON, Pec. 4.— Senator Per
kins failed to see the President to-day. He
toolc dinner with the President last night,
but it was a formal dinner and California
appointments were not mentioned. But on
last Monday, when Senator Bard called at
the White House to present U.S. Grant to
the President, the latter said to Bard, in
a pleasant and off-hand way:
"Senator, I hope you and Senator Per
kins will be able to get together on the
Collectorship." ' ~
..Roosevelt. laughed and Senator Bard re
plied: "I trust so, Mr. President."
'Senator Bard has made no formal rec
ommendation, neither has Senator Per
kins, who wishes the matter to be de
cided by the California delegation, for he
has reason to believe they favor his man.
Bard will call on the President In a few
days to formally recommend Kelly.
NAVY DEPARTMENT BILLS.
One Recommends Creation of the
Sank of Vice Admiral.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec.~ 4.-Senator
Hale to-day introduced a number of
bills, drafts of which had been prepared
at the Navy, Department and 'were rec
ommended by Secretary Long. One pro
vides for creating the grade of vice ad
miral, with four admirals 'of that rank
and reducing the number of rear admirals
to fourteen, ana others to increase the
number of. lieutenants from 300 to 350 and
the number of junior lieutenants and en
signs from 350 to 600; to increase naval
constructors from forty to sixty; increase
civil engineers from twenty-one to forty;
to change ;the, title of naval cadet to mid
shipman and to Increase the number of
cadets by allowing ten annual appoint
ments by . the. President.
&-rr<HAT the Chinese are determined
THAT the Chinese are determined
to fight the renewal of the exclu
i sion act by the present Congress
11 is evinced by an editorial in the
Chinese dally paper, Chung Sal
Yat Po, published at 804 Sacramento
street. In an editorial published on No
vember 26 the details of the plan of cam
paign are outlined.
Four persons will compose the party.
They are Ng Poon Chew, the editor of the
paper and a Presbyterian minister; Low
Choy and Low Chee, sons of a. prominent
Chinese merchant and at present attend
ing school, arid Brewer, a singer and in
terpreter. The party has laid out an
elaborate plan of campaign. The article
in the Chinese paper, translated by Rev.
John Endicott Gardner, the Chinese in
spector and translator attached to the
Chinese Bureau, is as follows:
Going Together to Lecture.
The vexatious law of Geary's that has been
in operation in the United States for the ex
clusion of Chinese will expire in the coming
year. At present the labor unions ana the
newspapers in the western portion of the
• United States are making continued exclusion
their chief theme; furthermore, fearing that
the merchants in the East migl-t regard the
• exclusion lajv as inimical to trade, and that
consequently they would not consent to a re
enactment of the law upon its expiration, they
resort to sophistry in their arguments. claim-
Ing that we Chinese have no patriotism, that
in spite of exclusion Chinese will not purchase
one whit less of American goods, that from
the time the exclusion act went into effect the
trade that the United States has attained -from
Chir.a has been perceptibly and gradually in
creasing every day, hoping thus to inveigle
the Easterners into the position of not resist
ing the continuance of exclusion. \ Though
Minister "VVu and Consul General Ho migfc^
expend much lip and tongue energy or labor,
much with pen and ink in answering their ar-<
guments, the people in general and the schol
ars of those cities might say "These are offi
cials — one a Minister and the other a. Cousul —
and they are merely performing their duty in
their respective official positions; what else
can they do?" Even the best and most ex
haustive energies would thus be swept aside
with this one saying. We could no longer bear
looking upon these passing events ani do
nothing.
Thought Preacher the Best.
■We desired some one thoroughly versed In
English and capable of expressing himself to
travel widely in the East, lecturing every
where for the purpose of saying to the mer
chants of the different States and the people
of wealth that the exclusion act is exceedingly
inimical to trade in order that they might
take the words of Minister Wu and Consul
General Ho as statements of fact, but It was
ditneu't to find such a person and there was
no fountain from which the money was to
come. Subsequently we thought of the trans
lator on our own paper, Ng Poon Chew, v.-ho
has been a preacher for many years, a man
locked up to all along by Westerners, and
one who. because of those qualities, had been
repeatedly and earnestly invited to lecturt by
the people of the University of Southern Cali
fornia and at Stanford University and by tha
various associations at Alameda, Sacramento,
Oakland and this city, ! when they would In
variably listen T7ith rapt attention. This be
ing so, our paper decided to appoint Mr. Ng
to the position of lecturer. Still the matter
of expenses incidental to traveling through the
different States presented us with difficulties.
Will Utilize Churches. .-■■;*
While planning about it the . project hap
pened to. reach the ears of the General Board
of the Presbyterian Church of; tiia city and
New York. The board signified its willingness
to help, writing also beforehand to the people
of the different cities asking them to lend
their churches for the lectures. The several
tens of thousands of notices printed In English
for circulation at the various cities the Pres
byterian church took hold of and distributed
besides setting forth the dates when certain
cities would be reached. In addition to this
there will be two brothers. Low Chee and
Low Choy,. and an American namedr Brewer,
who will go along to play and alng. Low
Chee and Low Choy are the highly intelligent
sons of Low Wan Shang of Fook Wo & Co. ,
dealers in Japanese wares of this city. They
are. students at one of the .colleges In this
city, but for the time being on leave of ab
sence in order to go along on the lecture tour.
As to the American named Brewer, he has
been for some time past teaching English at
the Chinese Presbyterian Church of this city.
."--■.: The Plans Proposed..
These three will go along and play and sing
as a means of enticing Americans to listen.
It is estimated that it will require several
thousand dollars to cover the traveling ex
penses and hotel fare for the- four peoplo, all
of which amount will be paid. by tie Ameri
can Presbyterian church. At every place they
arrive s0 they will set forth in gsneral terrrta
the benefit that will come from mutual inter
course between : the two nations,' using the
Boxer ■ trouble of the past year merely as an
introduction.: in order that the hearers may
not be conscious of the fact that they have
come especially on accunt of the exclu3iori;act.
Later jen in course- of the lecture they "will
say that with the vexatious Chinese exclusion '.
act in force the Americans are not different^
from .the Boxers, as the Boxers claim to lo^4^
China, but as a matter, of tact Injured China.;
so the. exclusion act, though claimed to bene3t
the United States, as a matter of fact wLir
Injure the United States; that should tha
United States re-enact the exclusion act trado
can certainly not prosper; R.n<1 that fur»h«*-
mqre since the United States desire* to -have
. ttle beurflt of China's trade she must abolish
the exclusion act in order to satisiy us
Chinese.
Have Letters of Introduction.
This is but a general outline as to the par
ticulars. Doubtless Mr. Ngr wiii be able to
deal with them very cleverly. We hope that
Mr. Ng will on this occasion move the hearts
of the Easterners so that as a result the ex
clusion act will be -abolished and our peoplo
will be so invigorated as not to be unworthy
of the project.
There are many prominent American citizens
as well as presidents of universities- who have
given Mr. Ng letters of recommendation In
order that upon arrival at Washington he may
be able to go before the high officials of the
different departments. A ' legislator of this
State named Kaan (phonetic imitation of some
English name.— Translator) and Consul General
Ho also gave hi' letters of recommendation
so that he may present himself to Minister
"Wu. Low Chee and the others have also let
ters of recommendation of the educational or
der so that .wherever ¦: they go- they may be
able to meet distinguished Americana.
We have engaged Chan Sow Shek to be act-
Ing translator on our paper. Mr. Ng and
party will start in the morning at 8 o'ctock
on Th#ir journey to the different cities, which
are as follows in : the order in which they wi!t
) be reached: Fresno, L03 Angeles, Pasadena.
! Alhambra, Denver. Omaha. Chicago. Toledo.
; Cleveland, Columbus, Wheeling, Pittsburg.
Washington. Baltimore. Philadelphia. Ne,m
; York. Brooklyn, Hartford, Springfield, Beaton. 1
' Albany, straight across to Canada. . Montreal
and lorocto, back to the United States. Buir
falo and Detroit, besides over ter. smaller
towns in the East not yet enumerated and
j others not prepared for. but which raiznt be
i taken in on the way back.
The party is said to have started on
Wednesday of last week and will proba
bly be heard from in a few days in some
of the southern cities.
RECLAlirATION OF LANDS.
Irrigation Bill of the Last Session
Contains More Amendments.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.— Senator Hans
brough to-day reintrodnced his irrigation
bill of last session, with various amend
ments It provides for the setting aside
of the moneys derived from the sale ot
public lands in the arid and semi-aril
regions of the United States and the col
lection of these moneys in a fund to on
used for the reclamation of arid la
The Secretary of the Interior is given
charge of this fund and of all the detaiU
of its collection and expenditure. He la
authorized to make surveys and construct
reservoirs where necessary and to con
demn the lands when necessary to <!
Water is to be distributed and persons;
whose lands are benefited are to pay for
the same, the funds thus collected
into the reclamation fund.
Senator Hansbrough has borrowed <JPB
section from the Newlands bill, p
lng that nothing in his proposed law
shall be allowed to conflict with 5
laws bearing on the subject of irriga
tion. The Secretary of the Interior is
authorized to immediately ascertain what
are arid ajid semi-arid lands.GOVERNMENT
HOLDS COLON
Progress Made by the
Peace Commis
sioners.
Steamship Company Agent
Must Depart in Fif
teen Days.
COLON, Dec 4.— The British cruiser
Tribune, which sailed from here Sunday
•with the British Consul on board, has
returned to Colon from Bocas del Toro,
bringing news that the latter town is in
the hands of the Government and that
lt£ inhabitants are gayly celebrating the
r^-i-pture of Colon.
-taptain Galloway of the Tribune and
Hudson, the British Consul, have gone
to Panama on a special train to make a
complaint to the Government of the al
leged ill-treatment of the Tribune's
boatswain by Colombian soldiers~at Bocas
del Toro. They assert that no punish
ment was inflicted on the offenders. The
Tribune had a boatload of armed men
ready to land in case of necessity. The
cruiser is expected to return to Bocas del
Toro immediately. Bocas del Toro is a
tanana town, where American, British
and other foreign Interests are supreme,
especially the nrst mentioned.
The peace commission, composed of a
representative of prominent liberals of
Panama, a representative of the Colom
bian Government and General de la Rosa,
secretary of General Domingo Diaz,
which started for the interior to obtain
an interview with Generals Diaz and
Lugi and induce them to give up the
struggle and return to Panama, returned
to that city yesterday. The commission
ers saw General Diaz, who agreed to lay
down his arms and come to Panama un
der the same conditions which were
Egreed on at the time of the surrender of
Colon. Diaz is expected to arrive at the
village of Havana to-day with such fol
lowers as care to surrender.
Senor del Rio, acting agent of the Pa
cific Mail Steamship Company at Pan
ama, who was arrested over a month ago
on the charge of complicity in the doings
of the Liberals and with being in posses
sion of revolutionary correspondence, has
been given the option of standing trial.
;^mg $1000 and leaving the country in
iiP^en days. He has accepted the latter
alternative and is now free. General <le
la Rcta. who surrendered Colon to the
Government forces, will,, it is reported,
be appointed a commissioner to go to
Tumaco for the purpose of arranging :>.n
exchange of prisoners.
AMERICAN OFFICIALS
LOCATE 3EISS STONE
Captive Missionary Alive and Well
at Brigand Camp, Near Gul
tepe Mountains.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— Miss Ellen M.
Stone has at last been located. According
to a dispatch received by the State De
partment to-day from Eddy, Charge d'Af
faires in Constantinople, she is in the
•woods on the south side of the Gultepe
Mountain?, in Bulgaria. He reported that
she is well.
The State Department has cabled in
structions to Eddy and to Dickinson to
renew their efforts to effect the woman's
liberation. The department does not pro
pose to place any credence in further ru
mors of Miss Stone's death. The officials
say the woman represents such a large
sum of money that it is unlikely that the
brigands will wantonlv slay her.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Dec. 4.— The re
cent silence of Miss Stone is attributed to
p.he urtusual heavy snow. An investiga
tion of the Elderuth Valley, where the
captives are reported to have been bur
ied, has nearly been completed, but fails
to show that Miss Stone and her compan
ion, Madame Tsilka, were ever in that
district. •
Bishop Labors Among Indians.
FASADENA, Dec. 4.— Bishop Joseph H.
Johnson of the Episcopal diocese of
Southern California, numbers among his
parishioners the lowliest of the Indians.
He has started upon a three weeks'
v/agon trip to the reservations in Sao
Diego County to preach the gospel and
minister to them on the desert and in the
mountains. Bishop Johnson will be ac
companied by Rev. H. B. Restarick of
San Diego. They will hold services in
every place of any size. Bishop Johnson
Is known as a great friend of "Poor Lo"
and is using all his influence to better the
native's condition.
ADVEBTISEHEHTS.
Bi*m Pleiroe's
Restores '
" I wai a total wreck — could not sleep or eat."
*tites Mr. J. C. Beers, of Bermnan. Crawford
3 Mo. r For tyro years I tried medicine from
Boctors but received very little benefit. I lost
Besh and strength, was not able to do a food
flay's work. I commenced taking Dr. Pierce's
Co'tden Medical Discovery, scd when I had
taken one bottle I could sleep and my appetite
•ras OTonderfuIlv improved. I nave taken five
bottles and am still improving."
The sole motive for substitution is to
permit the dealer to make the little more
profit paid the sale of less meritori-
tius medicines. He gains ; ' you lose.
riierefore, accept no substitute for
k Golden Medical Discovery." . ;r
Can rely on RAiDAM'S MI- j
CEOBE KILLEE to cure you of '
any disease caused by germs. It
unfailingly destroys the microbes
and thus removes the disease. It
will cure YOU. It Is a powerful
antiseptic and preservative and
: positively non-poisonous. There
•T, is no greater curative known.
'SADAM'S MICEOBE
* EILLES COMPAlTSr.
l<70 Market St.; Phone Mint 1455.
San Francisco.
NOBLES SEEK
EMPTY HONOR
Coronation Court Has
Weighty Questions
to Settle. ?
Chief Larderer's [ Occupation
Like Othello's, Is No
More.
LONDON, Dec. 4.— The Court of Claims
which is dealiqg with the rights and priv
lliges relating to the coronation of
King Edward, met to-day in solemn state
in the council chamber of Whitehall to
adjudicate between the nobles who are
•wrangling for ancient but generally
empty and often ludicrous honors.
Sixty cases came up, the most promi
nent being the fight between the Duke of
Atholl, the Earl of Ancaster. the Mar
quis of Cholmondeley and Earl Carring
ton for the Lord Great Chamberlainship.
This was too weighty for the court,
which passed it on to the House of Lords.
Several other cases were referred to a
committee, but the Earl of Errol will be
permitted to walk in the coronation pro
cession as Lord High Constable of Scot
land and carry a silver baton tinned
with gold bearing his own arms at one
end and the King's at the other.
The claim for representation as Chief
Larderer was dismissed by the statement
that there will be no coronation banquet
and that hence there will be no Larderer.
Miss Beatrice Fellows, who desired to
perform the office of Herb-strewer, and
Sir Harrys Burrar.d, who claimed the
right to carry the King's bow and ar
rows, were informed that they would not
be wanted.
Th>e Bishops of Durham and Bath, it
was decided, have the right to support
the King while he is on the throne, mat
is to say. they will stand with their hands
on the back of the chair.
SP'P NELSON DISAPPEARS II II GALE
Continued From Page One.
St. John, N. B.,; J. Ericksen. J. Burcb,
E. Sheehan. Queenstown; apprentices—
W. Terry. J. Beste.
STEAMSHIP IS LONG OVEBDTJE
Pears That the Discovery Has Met
Disaster Off Alaska.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Dec. 4.— More
than a week overdue on a round trip
which usually takes five or six days, the
steamer Discovery, plying between
Juneau and Valdcz, Alaska, is believed
either to be fast in an ice jam or to have
met other disaster. The steamer City of
Seattle, arriving here this evening from
the north, brought the first news of the
supposed loss of the Discovery.
AVhen the Seattie left Juneau on her
wav to Vancouver the Discovery was
more than a week overdue, and the
steamer Elihu Thompson of Seattle had
been two days out in search of her. The
Thompson had come down from Valdez
on her vray to Seattie and called into
Juneau with the mails. She had neither
seen nor heard anything of the Discovery,
and the anxiety that had been previously
felt for the safety of the steamer in
creased until it was decided to charter
the Thompson and send her back over
the same route once more. The Thomp
son intended to go farther than Valdez
on her trip, and. returning toward
Juneau, leave Valdez for Seattle again
to-day, according to the special schedule
arranged.
V.'hile steamboat people in the north
are inclined to believe that the vessel has
come to grief, the ov.-ners at Juneau
think Ehe may have been caught in the
ice and will be held until spring or else
crushed between the floes. The steamer
is of about 200 tons, well built, and car
ried twenty persons, crew and passen
gers.
STEAMEB GOES ASHOEE.
SEATTLE, Dec. 4.— The steamer Clara
Brown, one of the largest stern-wheelers
on the Sound, was driven ashore at Al-Ki
Point last night at 7 o'clock during the
gale which raged all night. In trying to
round the Point on her usual trip to
Seattle from Tacoma. the steamer became
completely unmanageable and several
times was in imminent danger of foun
dering. She finally drove up on the beach
a half mile south of the Point. The pas
sengers jumped overboard and made their
way ashore through the surf. The beach,
fortunately, was sandy. The gale has
continued all day and the boat has been
badly smashed, but probably will be
saved, unless the g'ale becomes much
worse.
The Clara Brown, Captain Charles
Caldwell. left Tacoma early last evening
on her usual run to this city, knowing a
gale was coming, but not realizing what
its fury would be. It was blowing, mod
erately from the southeast on the Sound,
and this speeded the vessel on her course.
Not long after leaving Tacoma the wind
shifted to the southwest and soon came
up a lively gale that was not long in
whipping up the sea. The vessel passed
Point Robinson lighthouse and rounded
into a long straight stretch of more than
twelve miles to Al-Ki Point. The sea was
pounding on the shore and breaking into
surf ■white and deep as a big snowbank
and the crew realized then that they
would have a spell of it when the time
came for rounding Al-Ki Point. .
Long before the steamer reached the
fury of the gale almost made it impossi
ble to keep the boat on her course and up
to her work.
The Brown draws about three and one
half to four feet of water, a much greater
depth than the average stern-wheel
steamer, and in this and her compara
tively low upper works lay the steamer's
comparative safety, from serious damage.
PATE OF THE HIGHLAND LIGHT.
VANCOUVER, B. C, Dec. 4.— Captain
Gillespie. of the b/Trk Highland Light,
which was abandoned and foundered off
the west coast of Vancouver Island, ar
rived here to-day. He says that when
the Highland Light left port she had
been leaking slightly, but not enough to
cause fear regarding her safety, as she
was well equipped with pumps. During
the gale the vessel strained jSO badly that,
although the pump3 were kept steadily In
operation day and night, It was Impossi
ble to keep ahead of the in-flow of water.
Three pumps constituted the vessel's
equipment for handling the water. She
depended principally on one rigged to a
windmill, but, early In the gale, this got
out of order through mismanagement on
the part of one of the officers and reli
ance had to be placed on the two smaller
pumps operated by donkey engines. The
crew behaved heroically. As the gale in
creased In fury the bark's decks were
continually swept by seas.
' On November 15 the weather cleared
sufficiently for Captain Gillespie to make
the first observation possible for several
days and he found that he was about 130
miles ■west-northwest from Cape - Flat
tery. It was while the bark was heading
for the shore of the west coast of Van
couver Island on November 16 that a
small schooner was sighted. Signals of
distress were set aboard the Highland
Light and were seen by the other vessel,
•which proved the Arilla of Seattle. About
11 o'clock on the morning of November 16
the schooner bore dyown on the Highland
Light, and she hove to under her lee at
3 o'clock in the afternoon.
Up to the time of sighting the Arilla it
was not known to the crew of the High
land that Capaln Gillespie Intended ,to
abandon the vessel and when he gave
the order to clear away the boat a wild
rush took place, but no one was hurt.
Nothing was saved except a few instru
ments brought off by Captain Gillespie.
The crew did not have time to save even
their blankets. • • , .
When the bark was abandoned there
was eight feet of water In the after pump
well and It was steadily gaining depth at
the rate of one foot per hour. Ths
Bchooner Arilla did not stand by to wit
ness the final lunge, but, when last seen,
the starboard rail of the Highland Light
was already beneath the waves and she
was rapidly settling.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1901.
CONSORT OF HOLLAND'S QUEEN
A VICTOR IN HIS TWO DUELS
flembersof the Court Resent Prince Henry's Insult to
Queen Wilhelmina at a Dinner.
AMSTERDAM, Dec. 4.— In spite of
official denials, • investigations
show there is substantial founda
tion for the story of a duel being
fought between Prince Henry of
The Netherlands, husband of Queen Wil
helmina, and Major Van Tets, the Queen's
aid de camp.
It appears that at a dinner at Het Loo
her Majesty was hurt by some Inattention
upon the Prince's part and spoke to him
sharply. Prince Henry retorted offensive
ly, whereupon Major Van 1 eta made a re
mark regarding the impropriety of the
Prince Consort's conduct.
A auarrel followed between the aid de
camp and the Prince, who had been drink-
Ing freely, and a duel, with swords was
fought after dinner. Van Tets was
wounded. He has 1 since been removed to
Utrecht to be operated upon.
The same incident gave rise to another
duel between Prince Henry and another
member of the court. The latter was
slightly wounded.
WOULDN'T PAY DEBTS
C?.us8 of the Estrangement Between
Wilhelmina and Prince Henry.
LONDON, Dec. 5.— The matrimonial
quarrel between Queen WHhelmina
and Prince Henry, her husband,
excites great interest here. The
history of the affair, as gath
ered from the various continental
newspapers, charges Prince Henry with
misconduct and neglect, and repeats ru
mors of his deep drinking and heavy
gambling debts, which Queen Wilhelmina
declined to pay.
Another point of disagreement between
the pair was the Prince's unconcealed
antipathy to Holland and ungovernable
passion for hunting, which resulted in
his long absences in Germany. It is said
TORRENT FAILS
TO ENGULF HIM
Physician Battles for
Life in a Swollen
Creek.
Special Dispatch to The Call,
REDDING, Dec. 4.— Dr. C. W. Bryant, a
physician, living In Millyille, had a thrill
ing experience In the turbulent waters of
Dry Creek at Bella Vista last night. Dr.
Bryant had been to • the home of - Isaac
Melton, six miles above Bella Vista, to at
tend a sick person. It was dark and rain
fell In torrents when he began his home
ward journey. He was driving two splen
did horses.
Arriving at Dry Creek he found that
stream overrunning its banks and 'his
horses could not be urged to ford it. He
then drove down the stream to the ford
at Bella Vista, where he g attempted to
cross. As he reached the center the cur
rent upset the buggy, hurling the doctor
into the water. He grasped his medicine
chest, and, with the handle of it In his
teeth, swam to the bank. The horses and
buggy were carried downstream 200 yards.
Both animals ■were ' drowned 'and the
buggy was wrecked.
J. M. Bassett, while fording Olney
Creek, was carried 100 yard? down
stream, but managed to reach the bank
with his horses.
George Bayha, vice president of the
North California Investment Company,
was caught between two creeks and de
tained over night,' unable to cross either.
Friends sent out searching parties, believ
ing him drowned.
The Redding water works is disabled
and the electric light wires down, so the
city has neither water nor light. The
river has reached a high mark. < .■
Students Elect an Editor.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, <Dec. 4.—
At the meeting of the Associated Stu
dents this afternoon Roy O. Hadley '03
was nominated for editor of the Daily
Palo Alto for next semester. , No other
nominations were made, so the election
next Wednesday will be a mere formal
ity. Hadley has had considerable news
paper experience and has been on the
staff of. the Palo Alto since entering col
lege In 1899. .
HOLLAND'S YOUNG RULER AND HER ROYAL CONSORT, WHO IN
• SULTED HER AT DINNER AND THEN FOUGHT DUELS WITH
MEMBERS OF THE COURT AND WOUNDED THEM*.
that the Queen mother interfered and
taxed her son-in-law with his misbe-
STORM'S HAVOC
ON THE SOUND
Gale Does Much Damage
Throughout Western
Washington.
NEW WHATCOM, Wash., Dec. 4.— Tho
hardest storm in fifteen years raged over
lower Puget Sound last night, prostrating
telegraph and telephone wires in every
direction, doing much damage to other
property and injuring several persons.
At Mountain View John Marr and a
companion were sleeping In a cabin which
was struck by a falling tree, Marr receiv
ing injuries which will prove fatal.. His
companion's leg was broken.
At Silver Beach a building on which nine
carpenters were .working collapsed. Sev
eral of the men were injured by falling
timbers, but only one, T. J. Smith, was
seriously hurt. - '.
All highways in the county are blocked
by fallen trees and railroads were con
fronted by the sanjs condition this morn-
Ing, all. trains being delayed for several
hours. Shipping was tied up last night
and craft reaching harbor this , evening
report extremely rough weather. The tug
Puritan, towing a large ,boom, was
forced to let go to save herself.
In this city several mills were blown
down and one brick, building was badly
damaged. Roofs were ripped off several
buildings, signs blown down, sidewalks
torn up and havoc wrought generally.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 4.— The most se
vere storm of • the season raged oft the
Oregon and Washington coast all day
yesterday and a portion of to-day.
Weather Forecast Official Beals estimated
that the wind's velocity off the coast was
ninety miles an hour, with gusts reaching
100 miles. ; • "v. ■
"It was a storm of .'unusual violence,"
said Forecast Official Beals to-day. "Early
Tuesday morning the barometer, began
falling, and reports received from obser
vation stations within a radius of 300 miles
of Portland all indicated that a storm of
magnitude was blowing in from the ocean.
The storm generally \ moved ■ from the
mouth of the Columbia River to the
straits of Juan de Fuca, and this morning
it was central J along the coast line of
British Columbia." . ■■■". .'■±\v i -
SAN JUAN.-Porto Rico. Dec. 4.— Durinr the
month- of November 3, 708,766 pounds of coffee
were I exported- from Porto Rico, the majority
of which went to Europe. . .
havlor, but without effect, and finally ths
matter developed Into an estrangement
beween mother and daughter.
In regard to % the quarrel at the dinner
at Het Loo and the resultant duels, an
other rumor represents Major Van Teta
as having received a violent kick In the
stomach, which caused him severe In
.ternal injuries, and it is supposed that
the fear that his death might lead to
revelations of the real reason for some
thing of the truth being permitted to leak
out after the matter was officially denied.
The latest news, however, says that Ma
jor Van Tets is progressing favorably
and it is said the Queen mother has been
able to effect something like a reconcili
ation between the Queen and her hus
band.
. Prince Henry has a record of several
duels in his student days. He has al
ways been exceedingly unpopular in Hol
land,' where, since 1870, there have been
morbid fears of annexation schemes on
the' part of Germany, and on this ac-
count the friends of Prince Henry de
clare he never has had fair play.
BURRO FEASTS
ON GREENBACKS
Chews Up the Roll of
a Shasta County
: Miner.
Speclal Dispatch to Toe Call.
REDDING, Dec. 4.— John M. Crume, son
of Jesse Crume of Hatchet Creek Moun
tain fame, has spent the summer In min
ing on Coffee Creek. He decided to return
to Redding by a roundabout route and
came over the road by the Government
hatchery at Baird, driving his two loaded
burros ahead of him. There he camped
for the night. The donkeys were relieved
of their load and fell to browsing on
blackberry vines and discarded fish nets.
Crume lay down with his carpet satchel
under his head. It served as a pillow, but
the primary reason the owner kept his
head upon it was to guard the chief item
of its contents, a roll of greenbacks.
The blackberry vines and net cords
must haVe lacked flavor, for during the
night one of the little burrofe pulled the
satchel from under her master's head, con
trived,to get it open and finished her
night-time repast. In the morning Crume
awoke with a start, realizing that the pre
cious bag ■was gone. He found it some
yards away and scattered about were
green crumbs from the meal.
The burro had seized the roll of bills
at the center and chewed the succulent
fiber of the greenbacks. The ends had
dropped to the ground. Crume pried open
the burro's mouth and picked some more
specks : of value "from her teeth. The
scraps were carefully collected. The
ruined greenbacks consisted of one $30,
two $20, one $10, three $5 and two $1 bills,
totaling $117.
. It is. believed the pieces can be segre
gated by an expert under a glass and At
torney F. P. Primm sent the wadded
fibers to the Treasury Department in
Washington with an explanation to see if
some of the bills at least cannot be re
placed. . ■ .'
Be - Boco-Marsky Betrothal.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 4.— The engagement of
Miss Helen A. Marsky of. this city to
Marion S. de Roco of, Oakland Is an
nounced, i The bride is the daughter of
Mr. and Mrs. E. Marsky. Mr. Roco is a
young business man of Oakland. The
wedding will occur early in January In
St. Joseph's Church.
CHINESE TONG
SUES FOR PIPE
Seeks to Recover Dis
: penser of Happy
Dreams.
Claims the Loss of Sacred
Relic Has Resulted in
Misfortune.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 4.— A historical opium
pipe, valued at $250, is the basis of a re
plevin suit filed in Justice Rosenthal's
court. Captain of Police Perry H. New
berry is the defendant, and the suit is
brought for the Boo Ong Tong, a Chinese
highbinder society, by Leon Poon, its
president. The pipe disappeared from
the society's possession just after a
murder in Chinatown about two years
ago and later was presented to the police
captain. At the t time of the murder the
pine was being smoked by Ah Nim, who
was killed by a buhet lired through a
window, and it is said thac blood was
shed merely to obtain possession of this
purveyor ox dreams.
Ever since tne pipe disappeared a num
ber of attempts nave been made to ob
tain possession of it. Once lour Chinese
auempted to take it by force from the
dewberry home, and on two other oc
casions the family washman stole it, but
was captured before he got out of the
door. Now the courts have been resort
ed to to get possession of it.
The pipe is a sacred relic, and, accord
ing to the Chinese, has been in the pos
session of some Boo Ong Tong for sev
eral centuries. In the early iorties the
pipe was brought to California and later
found its way to San Jose. It is one of
the most elaborate smoking articles of
the kind ever seen in the State. The bowl
is a knot of mahogany about the size of
a man's two fists, the knobs of the knot
being * gold-mounted. A rare piece of
bamboo, mounted with gold rings and
containing a fine amber mouthpiece, js
the stem. Its place is in the society
house, where the officers of the tong are
allowed to smoke it. During the past
two years the Boo Ong Tong has been
having bad luck, and the members at
tribute this to the disappearance of the
pipe.
Captain Newberry has been offered $100
for the return of the pipe, but he has
refused to sell. The society does not
claim that he obtained possession of it
by other than fair means, but for the
welfare of the tong and its members the
Boo Ongs want the pipe returned. New
berry, who prizes it as a curio, will fight
the suit.
MISSING BARGE ASHORE.
Only One Man of the Wheeler's Crew
Loses His Life.
ASTORIA, Or., Dec. 4.— The lumber
barge Wheeler, which broke adrift from
the tug Vosburg during the gale last
Wednesday night, went ashore to-day at
Yaqulna Bay. Three members of the
crew were saved, the fourth, J. W. Cole,
a colored cook of San Francisco, being
drowned.
The Wheeler had survived two terrible
storms and her crew succeeded in work
ing her back to the coast. She was sight
ed at an early hour this morning, flying
signals for assistance. Within a short
time she struck on the beach. Cole, who
was 60 years of age, was crippled and his
infirmity made It Impossible for him to
reach' shore.
An effort will be made to save the
Wheeler's lumber cargo, but it Is expect
ed the vessel will be a total loss.
WICHITA. Kan., Dec. 4.— A prisoner in the
Sedgwick County Jail a« Wichita, known by
the name of "Shin" only has confessed that he.
in company with Clyde Moore and "Shorty"
McFarland, killed C. L., WiUberger. a wealthy
farmer, in Cowley County, last April.
We have some particularly I
Illlillir good cloths for $15 made-to-
iSiSliP^ orcler g armsnts - They represent
wS§r IO ° P atterns » * n serges, fancv $
Jirwr worsteds » tweeds and cheviots in solid |
jj§n£f color and fancy patterns, including the |
Mftujy new stripe and pin-head effects. With
Hzfg IG ° patterns to choose from you can
W$l surely find what 1 you want. If you call we -
fflj w. 11 give you a plentiful supply of samples. \
}3 On Geary street, a few doors above the rear
j| entrance to our store, is located our workshops,
Is where we make all our made-to-order garments.
I § You may know that your clothes are made in a
I 1 light, clean, airy place, where you are welcome
i § It is a busy place, too, and there is good reason for it. The
1 1 values we offer in this department are responsible for continued or-
\& ders from regular customers and many trial orders from new cus-
! tomers who soon become regular customers. The judgment of these
I customers is worthy of your consideration. -
j We would like to show you our $15 line.
| i Every made - to - order garment bears our " Yeargood "
| I Suits for ou'-cf-tcwjt customers satisfactorily \
| midc through our self-pvi enuring ST/stem,. Write
1 1 718 Market Street and
IS Cor. Powell and Eddy Sts. J
DECEIVED GIRL
ENTRAPS TURNER
San Jose Love Affair
Leads to Burglar's
Capture.
Fugitive Fails in Attempt to
Add Bigamy to His
A Crime.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 4.— Robert Turner, who
was arrested yesterday in Guadaloupe,
Santa Barbara County, for a burglary in
the office of the Stone Shipbuilding. Com
pany in San Francisco on November 23.
was run to earth through his love for a
San Jose girl, Miss Flora Milner. After
the crime with which he is charged was
committed Turner came to San Jose and
arranged with Miss Milner to meet him
and marry him in the south, he promis
ing to write to her as soon as he settled
somewhere.
Detective Coleman of San Francisco
came to this city, having as a clew a
photograph of Miss Milner, but with na
knowledge of her name or place of resi
dence. He enlisted the help of Sheriff
Langford and the young lady was quickly
found. When toid of Turner's duplicity
and of his invalid wife Miss Milner taint
ed. When she had been restored to con
sciousness she promptly agreed to help
the officers to bring the hunted man to
justice.
Yesterday a letter came to Miss Mil
ner from Turner and was given by her
to the Sheriff. The information it con
tained was wired to Captain Seymour
and the arrest followed.
The crime with which Turner is charged
is the burglary of the paymaster's office
at the shipbuilding works. A hole waa
cut in the floor and a tunnel dug. One
thousand and fifty dollars in gold an<l
silver coin in envelopes was taken from
the table during a fifteen-minute absence
of the cashier. The robbery was planned
on the lines of the great Selby Smelting
Works affair.
OP INTEREST TO PEOPLE
OP THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes Made in the Postal Service
and More New Pensions
Granted.
WASHINGTON. Dec. 4.— The Postofflce
Department to-day announced the follow
ing: Postmasters commissioned: Cali
fornia—John Ainscough, Banning. Ap
pointed: California— Oscar C. Lasheile,
Broderick, Yolo County, vice James W.
Irvin,, resigned; James A. Nichols, Cleon,
Mendocino County, vice Edgar B. Salsig,
resigned; J. F. Minter, Glennville. Kern
County, vice C. L. Cromer. resigned.
These pensions were granted: California
—Original— Edmond Herrick, Woodville.
$8; John Gill, Newman, Jii. Increase-
Lewis Roloson, Famosa. J10; Homer Tif
fany, San Francisco, $12. Widow—Mar
garet J. Tinall. Calpella, $8.
Oregon— David C. Howard. Salem, $12.
Senator Perkins to-day introduced billa
providing for the construction of the
Nicaragua canal, also a cable to Hawaii,
Guam and the Philippines and a public
building at San Francisco.
Will Best Beside Husband.
SACRAMENTO, Dec. 4.— Private dis
patches received from New York by rel
atives of Mrs. Margaret E. Crocker in
this city state that her ashes will be
brought to Sacramento in January by
Mr. and Mrs. J. Sloat Fassett and wl!l
be placed In the City Cemetery beside the
remains of her husband. Judge E. B.
Crocker. It is probable that the trustees
of the Marguerite Home, which Mrs.
Crocker endowed, will arrange a plan
for a ceremony at the time of Interment.
34
STANFORD TO PLAY THE VICTORIOUS MICHIGAN ELEVEN
TEAMS MEET
AT PASADENA
New YearV Day Chosen
as the Date of
Contest.
Football Game -a, Feature
of the Tournament
of Roses.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Dec. 4.-
The. cardinal football eleven will meet
the victorious University of Michigan
football team in a game to be played at
Pasadena en New Year's day. This was
decided at a meeting of the football men
called by Captain Fisher this afternoon
to coneider the proposal of James R.
Wagner, president of the Pasadena Tour
nament of Roses Association.
The University of Michigan eleven has
not betn scored against this season, al
though it has played nearly every tealm
in the middle West. Its largest score was
12S to 0 and the smallest 23 to 0. The
eleven has been perfected under the
coaching of Yost, who coached the Stan
ford team to victory last year. Among
the Michigan players is "Big" Gregory,
■who played center on the cardinal sec
ond eleven last. season, not being eligible
to the varsity.
Captain Fisher has issued a call for
varsity and second eleven men to appear
for practice to-morrow. The practice un
til college closes on December 20 will be
confined to the building up and perfecting
of team work. From then until the play
ers leave for Pasadena daily scrimmages
will occur between the varsity and the
second eleven.
Captain Fisher expects to take twenty
two men to Pasadena, thus including a
number of second eleven players as well
as the varsity team and substitutes.
Most of the men will have a chance to
go against the Michigan aggregation, as
Stanford intends to make as good a
showing as possible against the middle
West champions. ';
President Wagner of the Roses Asso
ciation has also secured the appearance
of the Stanford Glee and Mandolin Clubs
in Pasadena New Tear's night and ex
pects the double attraction of football
game and concert will draw an immense
crowd to the city. •
Olympics' Honolulu Trip.
Advices from Honolulu by the last
steamer seem to assure the trip of the
Olympic Club football team to Hawaii.
One thousand dollars had already been
raised to defray the expenses of the fif
teen men who would be taken from here.
There are four regularly organized foot
ball elevens in the islands. These are
made up of a college team, two athletic
club teams and one of natives.
Manager 1. T. Muma of the Olympic
team has strong hopes that the trip will
be made. The team would leave here on
the 15th inst. There are two steamers due
between the present time and that date.
On either of these may be the necessary
transportation.
Should this trip be abandoned Manager
"Pete" Smith of the Reliance Club is anx
ious for a return game under better
weather conditions than marked the
Thanksgiving day contest.
NEW PRESIDENT FOB
WESTERN BAUL LEAGUE
J&mes Whitneld of Kansas City Suc
ceeds T. J. Hickey, the Latter
Resigning With G. Tebeau.
ST. JOSEPH. Mo., Dec. 4.— The West
ern League has decided to retain its or
ganization practically as it was last year.
It was announced after the meeting here
to-day that there mhy be some change
later on, but it is doubtfuL The meeting
cf magnates was called at the instance of
"\V. T. Van Brunt of this city and of
Thomas F. Burns of Colorado Springs,
the owners of the franchises of these
towns.
The action of President Thomas J.
Hickey in forming the American Associa
tion, taking in some of the cities of the
"Western League, was calculated to ruin
the league. Van Brunt, who was left out
in the new arrangements, began a vig
orous correspondence with the magnates
at other points, with the result that the
meeting to-day ratified the old organiza
tion and accepted the resignations of
President Hickey, George Tebeau of Kan
sas City and George Lennon of St. Paul.
Tebeau endeavored to secure the ratifica
tion of the transfer of the Denver fran
chise by Packard to himself, but failed.
He is out of the Western League entirely,
according to the statements of the mag
nates to-night. James H. Manning -was
granted the Kansas City franchise. The
Denver franchise will go to some person
not yet named. It is undecided who will
get St. Paul, but it may be Lennon will
be taken back into the league, although
there is some objection. James Whitfieid
of Kansas City was elected president, suc
ceeding Hickey.
At to-night's session of the Western
League it was emphasized that clubs
would be maintained in all cities of the
league. The National and Western asso
ciations' presidents were notified that all
they heretofore held Is still claimed. The
next meeting will be held at Kansas City
on the second Tuesday in January.
MILLIONAIRE SPORTSMEN
IN TRAP-SHOOTING MATCH
John W. Gates, the steel trust magnate,
and some of the gentlemen -sportsmen in
his party enjoyed a day's trap-shooiing
on Tuesday at Ingleside. The weather
was unpropitious. but this did not
dampen the ardor of the gunmen. Otto
Feudner, C. A. Haight and William Hur
dock, a trio of the best local trap shots,
measured skill with the Easterners.
Among the latter were D. T. Bradley,
amateur champion of America, and R.
A. Welch, who has shot at all the big
European meetings.
In a team race. $50 a side, 25 birds be
tween R. A, Welch and D. T. Bradley
and Feudner and Haight, the former
won. Welch killed 23, Bradley 24, Feud
ner 24 and Haight 21.
Feudner won a freeze-out match, seven
men. $10 entrance. Bradley and John W
CJates divided second money.
Mr. Gates and his party were the
guests of Alex Hamilton yesterday at
feuisun in quest of ducks.
They will be the guests of T. H. Wil
liams Jr. to-morrow at Oakland rac
track. The distinguished 'guests will ar
rive at Emeryville shortly after noon in
their private car. They will be enter
tained at luncheon • In the clubhouse and
the balance of the day will be spent
waching the races. . .
Champion at Billiards.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— The reappearance
of Jake Schaffer, the wizard billlardist of
Chicago, in an open tournament in this
city was the chief feature of to-night's
play In the international billiard contest
which Is being held in the Madison-square
concert garden Schaffer's opponent was
the young Canadian expert, Leonard How
ison. The veteran beat the young aspir
ant. 400 to 357. Louis Barutel and Ora C
Mornlngstar were the contestants this
afternoon. The Frenchman won by 400 to
Mornlngstar's 286.
New Swimming Record.
! PHILADELPHIA, Dec. 4.-In the A. A.
U. track and field championship games at
the sportsmen's show to-night E. C
Schaeffer broke a swimming record in the
500-yard event, covering the distance in
7:24 4-5.
Good Average Price for Horses.
NEW YORK, Dec 4.— This was the last
day of the Faslg-Tlpton sale of light har
- ness horses. There were no notable sales.
During the entire sale 932 horses were dis
posed of at a grand total of $495,400, an
average of $531 50 per bead.
WRESTLERS MEET
ON OLYMPIC MAT
Exciting Bouts Between
Clever Men Piease
the Ladies.
Braun Wins From ; Cornell
by Default, Owing to
an Accident.
The gymnasium of the Olympic Athletic
Club was well filled last night with ladies
and their escorts. The occasion was a
wrestling tournament of six special
matches, the contestants being picked
men of the various clubs about the bay.
Leader John A. Hammersmith thoughtful
ly provided an orchestra which rendered
popular selections during the brief inter
missions.
The principal bout of the evening came
to an untimely end owing to an injury to
R. B. Cornell, one of the competitors. He
and his opponent, G. W. Braun, first
wrestled a draw after being ten minutes
on the mat. Braun was awarded the next
bout at the . end of ten minutes for ag
gressiveness. When the men went to
their .corners it was found the muscles
about Cornell's left- knee were so badly
strained as to prevent him continuing.
Braun was awarded the bout by default.
The matches. were all interesting, holding
the attention of the spectators to the end.
L. Kullman defeated C . S. Bowers. In
their first bout he threw him in 3 minutes
41 seconds. In the second he was given
the decision after 10 minutes' work.
J. ML Collins defeated II. Imhoff in
straight falls. Time, 39.; seconds and 3
minutes 41 seconds.
L. B. Haselbacker defeated R. S. Wixon
after wrestling three bouts. Wixon won
the first in 4:05 and Haselbacker the next
two in 3:56 and 2:03.
C. Jenkins defeated Charles Merz. gain
ing the decision in each of two ten-minute
bouts.
W. R. McCullugh defeated William Mac
phie in straight falls after a ten-minute
draw. The falls were secured In 5:05 and
2:06.
Eugene Van Court was referee; Fred R.
Butz. timekeeper, and G. A. Hensley, an
nouncer.
Olympic Club Handball.
The Olympic Club handball game?,
scheduled »for this evening are: H. S.
Russ vs. TT J. Curley, R. B. Bowman vs=.
G. Janes, O. A. Crable vs. F. Stratford.
T. J. Fitzpatrick vs. F. Krone Jr., and
F. J. Sherry vs. F. C. Wegener.
ABSENCE OF RHODES
A CAUSE FOR SURPRISE
Biitish Chartered South Africa Com
pany Meets Without the Man
aging Director Present.
LONDON, Dec. 4. — The annual meeting
of the British Chartered South
Africa Company was held here to-day,
under the presidency of the Duke of
Abercorn, who read a telegram from
Cecil Rhodes, managing director of the
company, regretting his absence, but
saying he was now improved in health.
This caused cries of, "Why is not he
here?"
The Duke of Abercorn said the
Rhodesian gold output reached high wa
ter mark in November, and he believed,
as they would soo,n be able to supply
their own coal, and with improvements
in railroad facilities, that Rhodesia would
compare favorably with any gold country
in the world. He also announced that
the Imperial Government had allowed the'
company to reduce the excessive police
force it had hitherto been compelled to
maintain, thereby obviating one of the
chief causes of this year's deficit of
£2S9.29C, while the interest on its cash
securities would fully enable it. to meet
the expenses of 1902.
IBISH LEAGUE BRANCH
FOR UNITED STATES
Members of Parliament in This
Country Form Organization
in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— About 150 dele
gates from all over the United States
held a meeting at the Hoffman House to
day to form an auxiliary branch of the
Irish League, the successor to the Land
League of Parnell's time. The meeting
was called by John Redmond, Thomas
O'Donnell and Patrick McHugh, members
of Parliament. These officers were elect
ed: President, John Finnerty, Chicago;
first vice president. Michael J. Redding,
Baltimore; treasurer, T. B. Fitzpa trick,
Boston; secretary, John O'Callaghan,
Boston.
An executive committee was also
chosen, among whose members are Pat
rick Ford and Monsignor Dennis O'Cal
laghan of Boston,
CHILE WANTS TIME
TO BETTER UNDERSTAND
Controversy Between That Country
and Argentine Is N"ot Yet
Settled.
SANTIAGO DE CHILI, Dec. 4, via Gal
veston, Tex.— The interviews here be
tween the Minister of the Argentine Re
public to Chile and the Chilean Minister
of Foreign Affairs still continue.
It is understood that Chile desires that
certain points of the controversy between
the two countries be clearly understood
before a definite settlement is reached.
The public and the press here are not
excited over the matter.
Deny a Railroad Deal Report.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 4.-Officials of the
Orient railroad, of the International Con
struction Company, which has the con
tract of building it in Mexico; of the
Union Construction Company, which has
the contracts for much of the line in the
United States, and of the United States
and Mexican Trust Company, through
which the road is being financed, say there
is no truth whatever in the report that a
deal has been made or talked of with the
Pierce syndicate. They say the road will
be ""built as planned by President Stilwell,
and that no part of it will be sold to any
other road.
William Invites an American.
BERLIN, Dec. 4.— Emperor William
has telegraphed Commander Beehler, the
United States naval attache here, to' call
on him at the new x palace at Potsdam.
His Majesty has been reading Secretary
Long's annual report and wanted Com
mander Beehler to explain to him certain
features which he had not understood.
The Emperor continues to evince the
keenest interest in American construc
tion, especially in superimposed turrets
as Increasing bow fire.
Kirby Acquitted in Kentucky.
FRESNO, Dec. 4.— District Attorney
Everts received a telegram this afternoon
from A. L. Kirby, or George Gree, as he
was known in Clovls, announcing his ac
quittal of the charge of murder by a jury
in . Madison County, Kentucky. Kirby
went to Kentucky and surrendered him
self for a homicide committed many year3
ago. His expose followed the arrest in
Hanford of a Japanese who had led his
daughter astray.
Strengthens American Prestige.
MEXICO CITY. Dec. 4.— President
Roosevelt's message has been very favor
ably received in Government and busi
ness circles. The general- comment' Is
that his declaration in favor of Cuban
independence and a free trade policy
with the island will . greatly strengthen
American prestige all over Latin Amer
ica. He has completely disarmed the
clerical press of one of its principal argu
ments against the Washington Govern
ment.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1901.
WYOMING STRIKES HIS GOING
AND TRAMPS IN AT GOOD ODDS
Greyf eld Beats the English Horse, Royal Flush===Josie
Q Outsprints a Speedy Field.
FINALLY, when he was deserted
by the majority of his friends,
who found themselves as light
as an unloaded freight car, Gay-
Ian Brown's old horse" Wyoming
won a race at Oakland yesterday. He
was mixed up with a whole lot of speed
In. the last event on the card,, and
with Birkenruth on his expansive back
returned with the coin at odds of 6 and
7 to 1. Mocorito closed favorite over
Herculean, but does not seem possessed
of her former speed, showing to no par
ticular advantage. Educate left the ban
ner on a skyrocket breakaway, and then
could not last out. Birkenruth with
Wyoming made one of his short turns
into the stretch and, quickly taking the
front position, beat Herculean out two
lengths. Only a few of those who in
dulge in the practice. of "running a horse
down" bet on the winner.
While, the day was clear and pleasant
the track was very sloppy, giving horses
with speed the advantage. Under such
uncertain conditions three favorites had
their numbers flashed first. Under the
improved climatic conditions the attend
ance showed a marked increase over the
preceding day.
Thinking Evander scarcely up to a
bruising race Walter Jennings let his
niaiden 2-year-old run loose in the open
ing scramble. After receding from 6 to 5
to 5 in the books the 2 1 year-old downed
Budd Wade a length, owing chiefly to
Winnie O'Connor's persuasive saddle tac
tics. Major Bird, the favorite, was early
cut off and never after took a hand in the
game.
Once again it looked as if Grayfeld had
had dropped into a soft spot, and this
time Bob Smith's chestnut delivered the
merchandise. It was generally supposed
that Forkford, piloted by Johnny Woods,
was going to cut some figure, and the
Baldwin entry closed nearly an equal
favorite with Grayfeld. Forkford dis
played* a rousing burst of speed for a
second, and then completely disappeared.
After Royal Flush, the Britisher, became
afflicted with the sulks in the stretch,
Birkenruth on Grayfeld blew in at
leisure. •
Rollick, equal favorite in' the ring with
Ned Dcnnid, captured the Futurity course
sprint after a hard drive- with Abba L, a
100 to 1 shot. The latter made all the
running and only at the paddock did she
begin flashing distress signals. Alzura,
probably short a race, finished in the
show.
Fresh and overflowing with speed after
hei rest, Josie G, the fast daughter of
Bloomsbury, defeated St. Sever and Dr.
Scharff for the fourth purse. Rosewar
came in for heavy backing at 6 to 5. and
the filly made a most disappointing show
ing, never -getting up with the leaders.
Josie G was always in front and led St.
Sever past, the wire a couple of lengths.
Ceesar Young's Eonic. the even money
choice for the mile selling run, expe
rienced some poor racing, luck at the
start, but ran gamely, and was returned
the winr.c--. Lee Jackson piloted the filly
and was dly bumped at the first turn,
besides gtiting away from the post in a
tangled uo condition. All this gave J.
Daly, on Galanthus, an opportunity to
open up a gap of daylight over his field.
However, he did not get far away, and
when challenged In the stretch^ by the
favorite swerved in toward the rail and
lost by a length. Bedeck finished only a
lair third.
Track -Notes.
Sixteen books laid odds yesterday. Bar
ney Schreiber cut in, v.hile Joe Harlan
concluded to "buck 'em" from the ground
for a few days.
f Birkenruth was the only rider to pilot
two winners.
Barney Schreiber's Budd " Wade was
tipped about to win the maiden event.
O'Connor gave Royal Flush such a
shaking up that the English horse- acted
in the stretch as if he wanted to run out
the gap.
Hoar rode Abba L. which came within
an ace gf beating Rollick at odds of 100
to 1. The mare ran some remarkably fast
races in Montana this summer at the
shorter sprinting distances. •
But for being bumped by Alzura, Ned
Dennis might have landed the third
purse, y
St. Sever acted sore when he was
brought to the paddock, which caused his
odds to recede from 3 to 5 to 1.
Entries for To-Day.
First' race— Five and a half furlongs; purse;
maiden 2-year-olds.
2S42 Dke of Rchliu.lOS Angeleno 113
2926 Wndering Boy.115 2914 The Maniac 115
2902 Milas ...118 1S18 King Herald. ..108
2914 Sir Claus 115
Second race— Seven furlongs; selling; 4-year
olds and upward,
2908 Rinaldo 113<'23O3 Scintillate .....112
2931 Urchin 112! 2SS4 Canejo .-...112
2919 Go Out 113; 2SS9 First Shot ....112
2921 Flamero 112 1
STEALS FUNDS
TWENTY YEARS
Surprising Feature of
Eastern Bank Teller's
Theft.
BALLSTON, N. Y.,, Dec. 4.—Bank.Ex
aminer Graham was busy all day exam
ining bank certificates presented to the
bank for verification. To-day there were
several developments increasing the de
fault in interest-bearing certificates or
confirming Vice President
suspicions therein. Several * certificates
were presented to-day that are marked
on Teller Fitcham's books as paid and the
account closed. ' *
The bank officials still assert that the
bank can reopen next week on a sound
basis, admitting that their $116,000 surplus
is wholly wiped out by Fitcham's embez
zlements. When the doors closed Monday
night and. Examiner Graham took charge
the bank's assets were $786,000, exclusive
of $100,000 capital; liabilities,- $620,000. .
Fitcham's peculations are now known
to have extended back twenty years. His
individual deposit ledger balanced to a
cent when he closed, it Saturday noon.
Fitcham remains at home under a strong
guard and was too ill to be arraigned this
afternoon. He said the estimates of the
bank's loss were exaggerated and that he
had not taken more than half the sum
mentioned. He said he was not a stock
gambler, but that his trouble was due to
family ! extravagance, j his expenditures
having been for years in excess of his
salary. ' " ■••••'. ' -■
Allison Names a Committee.
WASHINGTON, D.C., Dec. 4.— Senator
Allison to-day named the following com
mittee, in accordance with the resolution
of the Republican caucus, to select j the
Republican membership • of the commit
tees of the Senate: Platt, Connecticut;
McMillan. Michigan; Proctor,- Vermont;
Perkins, .California; Nelsonr Minnesota;
Warren, Wisconsin; Fairbanks, Indiana;
Keene, New Jersey, and McComas, Mary
land. ' • - ' -.-■
Students Destroy German Arms.
WARSAW, Dec. 4.— A body, of students
made a hostile, demonstration before the
Gennan*Consulate I here. They .tore down
and destroyed the German - escutcheon'
over the door and stoned the windows of
the consulate. They dispersed on the ar
rival-of the Chief • of Police,. - The Con
sulate is now under police protection.' .
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETRACK— Wednesday, Dec.^4.— feather toe. Track^iuddy\^
292C. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; maiden two-year-olds; value to first, $325
~ ; : T ! '. j I Betting.
Index. Horse and Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2339 Evander ...115 3 1% lh 1 u. 11 W. B. Jennings & Co.. O'Cnf 6-5 4
.... Budd Wade.. ...... .108 2 2h 3 1 2% 2 1% B. Schreiber J. Woods 5 4
2914 Ullle Dale.... 108 1 3 1^ 2 1^ 3 h 3 1 Liberty Stable Jackson 8-12
2302.. Wandering Boy. ...115 5 4 1 4 Vs 4 »£ ' 4 3 La Siesta Ranch... Howson 8 12
2914 Major Bird 118 6 S 10 6 Ya 5 IVi 5 4 W. E. Cotton Mounce 5-2 2
2890 Robt. Bonner II. ..115 8 5 1 5 1 6 4 6 8 P. E. Smith A. Kelly 10 7
.... Derby Winner.. ....108 4 6n 7 1 * 7 3 7 10 W. H. Ketcheman... Adams 15 60
.... Meteoro ..108 9 7 2 8 15 8 15 8 20 J. F. Stewart L. Daly 10 20
2314 Billy Vice .Tr ..108 7 9 9 9 9 B. A. Chilson...McPermott 20 60
Time— 'i, :13H: M. :23Vi; j£i :51^: H. 1:05. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, W.
B. Jennings & Co.'s b. g. by The Greek-Peril. Winner was tiring badly, but O'Connor held
him together. Budd Wade ran a nice race. Major Bird pocketed for half the distance.
Robert Bonner compelled to travel the overland route. Scratched— St._ Chester 118. *^^
2027. SECOIND RACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
' I ~ j I " . : \ Betting.'
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2900 Greyfeld. 5. :.....:. .112~1 2^4 3~2 Tn 11% R. A. Smith.... Birkenruth 3-2 3-2
,2808; Royal Flush, a. ...112 2 1 VA 1 n 11 2 3 G. B. Morris O'Connor 2 16-5
2911 Nellie Forest, 3. ...104 4 4 4 4 3 3 W. P. Magrane & Co.Jcksn 5 13
28S6 Forkford, 3 ...107 3 3 12 2 3 2 4, E. J. Baldwin. ...'.J. Woods 3-2 8-5
Time— %, :25»/4; Vz, :50?4; %. 1:17%. Good start. Won easily. Second and. third driving. Win
ner. R. A. Smith's ch. h. by Azra-Aandem. Greyfeld has been "dickey." but- ran a nice
race. Royal Flush might have won had he not sulked badly a furlong from home. He may
do better on a dry track. Forkford got cold feet, retiring very early.
2928. THIRD RACE— Futurity course; selling; all ages; value to first. $325.
Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. . Op. Cl.
2909 Rollick. 3. .....103 6:64 7251 11: Burns & Waterhse.. Woods 8-5 5-2
2S29> Abba L, 3 .....109 1, 12- 11 1% 22BA. Chilson Hoar 30 100
2S79 ; Alzura. 3 ..109 3 22 31 2 V- 3% A. H. Vlvell Jackson 5 5
2905; Ned Dennis. 4 113 4 Z *&' -2 *& 3% 4 1-, Piedmont Stable. .O'Connor 3 5-3
2913. Ben Ledi, 5 113 2 51 41 4 h 5 3 G. W. Scott Winslette 4 9-2
2S91 v Young Morello, 4, .116 8 95 81 81 61 Walter Scharetg...Vittatoe 60 100
2871 R^ina de Cuba, 5. .113 7 72 61 61 76 E. J. Baldwin & Co.. Ransm 5 7
2911 Afghan, a 113 5 4h 51 7^81 C. Lind Birkenruth 6 10
2604 Aurlffera. a 113 9 10 "91 9 191 Klunder & Burns. ..Mounce 15 100
.... lAlado. 4 115110 8 1 10 10 10. IF. J. Todd Ruizf 15 2'>
Time— To V*. :22; to %. :47; last %. 1:04; short %. 1:14. Good start 'Won first three driving.
Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's ch. g. by Take Notice-Happy Maiden. Rollick came from
quite a way back, catching the leaders tired. Abba L is very fast. Alzura was shy a race
or she would have won. Latter bumped Ned Dennis near the paddock. Too much weight
on Ben Ledl. She was ridden down next the rail and once looked dangerous. Reina de Cuba
must be stale. Scratched— El Rey 109, Trimmer 113.
2Q2O. FOURTH RACE— Five and a half furlongs: two-year-olds: value to first. t325.
■ ■ ~ Betting.
Index. Horse and. Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2S63 Josie G........r.....lO8 3 12 11 11 12 J. S. Gibson Howson 2 11-3
(2916) St. Sever 107 4, 2 h 3 1 3 2 . 2 ns Dr. H. E. RowelL.Birknrth 3 5
2916 Dr. Scharff 110 1 42 22 22 .3 5 J. W. O'Neal & Co.. Mounce 4 10
(2S99) Rosewar 107 23h 46 4 10 4 20 Burns & Waterhse.. Woods 6-5 1
2910 Silva Cruz 110 5 0 hi 5»fc 5 1 5 2 E. J. Baldwin Ransom 10 20
2S63 Fred Atterbury....l03| 6 6 6 6 6 P. E. Smith A. Kelly 40 15U
Time-3-16, :19; Vi, :25; %. :51U; 5%f, lilOVi. Good Mart. Won all out. Second and third
driving. Winner, J. S. Gibson's b. f. by Bloomsbury-Czarina. Winner an exceedingly clever
fllly when fresh. St. Sever sore in his preliminary gallbp. Dr. Scharff plas'ed in better
racing luck. Rosewar a disappointment. Silva Cruz no speed. Scratched— Dean Swift 105,
Commissioner Forster 110. Waterscratch 107.
2030. FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
,- Betting.
.Index. Horse, Age, Wt. St. U. %• Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2S75 Eonic. 3 92 4 5 .312 4" 11 Caesar Young Jackson 1 9-10
2917 Galanthus. 3 98 111 12 12 26 J. Coffey '. J. Daly 4 5
28S0 Bedeck, 3 108 2 42 5 4 2 3 5 J. Gardner O'Connor 2 5-2
2905 Darlene, 3 93 5 3 >£ 2 1 3 1 4 10 Dr. H. E. Rowell.L. Jacksn 15 100
(2919) Disturber. 5 109 3 21 4 2 5 5 J. N. Mounce Mounce 6 6
Time— M, :27: M. :51V4: %. 1:19; mile. 1:46. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. Caesar Young's ch. m. by Eon-Mermaid. Eonic all tangled up at start and
badly bumped rounding- the first turn. Daly could not prevent Galanthus rrom swerving
near the close. Bedeck appears to have gone back. Disturber pulled up lame.
2931. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up; value to first, $325.
I I Betting.
Index.|Horse, Age, Wt.lSt. 14. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. Cl.
2919 Wyoming, a 109 7 62 31 1^ 12 J. G. Brown & Co..Birkrth 4 5
2915 Herculean, 4 109 6 736531 2n G. Summers & Co.. Mounce 2 13-5
2SS2 Educate, 3 ; 104 1 12 12 2 1 3 3 W. E. Cotton Hoar 5- 4
2911 Mocorito, 6 109.4 3^4 2h4I4n J. Wells..; J. Woods 2 11-5
2903 lUrchin, 4 '.. 109 344 8 54 56 P. G. Lynch Buchanan 8 10
2921 St.' Anthony. 4 1031 2 22 4% 63 66' John Kane Prior 15 50
2SS2 Mam. Hildreth. 3.. 105 8 8 7 6 7 13 7 20 G. Burger A. Kelly 10 30
2301 iBIche Sheppard. 4..109I 5 5h 5 1 8 8 |B. A. Chilgon...McDermottl 20 100
Time— %, :25H; %, :51; %,-l:17%. Bad start. Won first three driving. Winner, J. G. Brown
& Co.'s b. g. by Pirdee-Caprice.\ Wyoming ridden the shortest way around. Herculean
ran a spanking good race. Educate beat the gate, but failed to stay. Mocorito cut off at
- head of stretch, but she probably could not have won anyway. Urchin outclassed. Scratched
— Tiburon 109, Midnight Chimes 109. Patsy Dolan 109, Canejo 109. Rasp 99.
' Third race— Futurity,
olds.
2S79 Sir Tom Tiddlr.113
2826 Dawson 1J5
2916 Sol 110
2906 Phyllis ...115
:ourse; selling; 3-year
• ■ 1
2920Marelio 110
2916 Nonie 110
2920 Bendara .......113
2436 San Lutlon ....110
Fourth race — One mile and a sixteenth; sell
ing: 3-year-olds and upward.
2930 Darlene» ....'....100 2S96 Position 10S
2905 Alicia 106 2S84 Torsida 10J
2918 Hohenloho .....114
Fifth race — One mile; selling; 3-year-olds and
upward. •
2925 Lodestar 109 1 (2907)Duckoy ...IIS
(2915)Diderot 102 1 2915 Greyletto 98
2319 Rushfields 1071
Sixth race— Six furlongs; selling; 3-year-olds
and upward.
29<J3 Trimmer 113 2913 Merops 112
2925 Floronso 112 2911 Clarando 112
2907 Decoy- 112 2908 Casdale 112
(2908)Invictus 1071 2SS2 Native 112
To-Day's Selections.
First race— Milas, The , Maniac, "Wandering
PLACES BLAME
ON A RAILROAD
Coroner's Jury Assigns
Reason for Wabash
Disaster.
ADRIAN, Dec. 4.— The coroner's jury
found that the collision on the Wabash
road near Seneca last Wednesday night
between trains 13 and 4 was caused by
the negligence of the Wabash Railroad
Company and the trainmen of train No.
4. The verdict says the railroad company
was negligent in failing to provide train
No. 4 with a head-end brakeman and in
failing to provide proper signals at the
place of meeting of trains 4 and 13. En
gineer Aaron Strong, was found negli
gent ' in failing to properly understand
and obey order No. 82, under which the
train was running.-
Conductor J. W. Martin was found neg
ligent in failing to signal the engineer to
stop and in failing to apply the air brakes'
when the engineer did not give the proper
signal immediately passing the station
signal at Seneca, according to the com
pany's rules. Firema*h Bastien was found
negligent in falling to remind the engi
neer of order No. 82, when the engineer
failed to give the proper signal and slow
up at Seneca. Brakeman A. W. Dlttman
was found negligent In falling to signal
the engineer to stop and in failing to ap
ply the airbrake until after the train had
passed the station at Seneca when the en
gineer did not give the proper signal on
approaching Seneca."- - ■
Miners and Officers in Battle.
RICH HILL, Mo., Dec. 4.— In a clash be
tween striking coal miners and law offi
cers here to-day two officers and two min
ers were shot and seriously wounded. The
.wounded officers are Sheriff Joe T. Smith
and Deputy Sheriff Walter Valentine.* The
striking miners number about 400 and
more trouble is feared. Company B of
the National . Guard has | been called out
and i will arrive here early . to-morrow
morning. The .strike has been on about
ten days and was caused by trouble that
arose over the appointment of a pit boss
and weighman. . ' -
Six Thousand at Harvard.
CAMBRIDGE, Mass;, , Dec. [ 4.— The j en
rollment of Harvard University announced
to-night, 1 including students of all classes,
teachers' and administrative officers, is
6,158, as against 6,317 last year 1 . -. ■ ■
Boy.
Second race— Flamero, First Shot, Canejo.
Third race-Marelio, Phyllis. Sol,
Fourth race— Alicia, Torsida, Hohenlohe.
Fifth race— Diderot, Duckoy, Lodestar.
Sixth race— Native. Decoy. Floronao.
New Orleans Races.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 4.— Summary:
First race, five furlongs, selling— O'Hagen
won. The Boston second. Man third.' Time,
1:02%.
Second race," one mile arid three-eighths, sell
ing—Judge Steadman won. Swordsman second,
Admetus third. Time, 2:26.
Third race, six furlonps, handicap— Kaloma
won. Serupent second. Syphon third. Time,
1:15%.
Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards,
handicap — Petit Alaitre won, Jessie Jarboq sec
ond, Joe Doughty third. Time. 1:48.
Fifth race, six furlongs— Lou Woods won. If
You Dare second, Royal Sterling third. Time,
1:15.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— John Bull won,
Frank $1 second, Little Elkin third. Time, 1:44.
JURY DECLARES
HE IS GUILTY
Verdict Against an Offi
cial of Grand ,
Rapids.
GRAND RAPIDS, Dec. 4.— The Superior
Court jury in the bribery case against
City Attorney Lant K. Salisbury returned
a verdict of guilty after deliberating all
night.
Salisbury was indicted last summer on
the charge of accepting a bribe of $75,000
for his assistance in pushing through a
deal by which the city of Grand Rapids
was to award to Eastern capitalists a
$4,000,000 contract for furnishing the city
with water from Lake Michigan. Indicted
with Salisbury were Henry A. Taylor, a
young New York millionaire, Attorney
Thomas A. Garry and Stllson V. McLeod.
Judge Newham of the Superior Court
to-day denied the motion to quash the
contempt proceedings against John Nich
ols, charged with attempt to bribe the
people's chief., witness while acting as
counsel for Lant K. Salisbury, who was
convicted to-day of bribery. He ordered
the contempt proceedings stayed, and di
rected the prosecuting attorney to pro
ceed against Nichols on the charge of
subornation of perjury.
Admits He Bobbed the Bank.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— George Zollinhof
fer, the Williamsburg Savings Bank teller,
withdrew ' hia formal plea of ■ not . guilty,
made last week, and pleaded guilty to the
crime of grand larceny In the second de
gree before Judge Aspinwall In Brooklyn
to-day. He was remanded for sentence.
The extreme penalty Is five years' impris
onment. Zollinhoffer, in a confession, said
he and another employe of the Williams
burg Savings Bank, who died several
months ago, had robbed the Institution of
more than $60,000.
Idaho , Populists Are Wroth.
BOISE, Idaho, Dec. 4.— Chairman IX H.
Andrews of the Populist State Committee
to-night gave to the press a copy of a
very sharp letter written to Senator Heit
feld in reply to the latter' s suggestion
that the State Committee be summoned to
meet and take steps to disband the organ
ization. . The chairman flatly refuses to
consider such a proposal and declares he
has, the support of the Populists of the
State in the stand he takes. .
STRONG HOUNDS
ARE IN DEMUD
Hares Now Running Are
Too Much for the
< Sprinters.
Two Stakes to Be Run at
Union Coursing Park
. This Week.
Eighty-eight greyhounds will be in the
running on Saturday and Sunday at
Union Coursing Park. An open stake of
seventy-two dogs will be run down once
on Saturday and will be concluded on
Sunday. A special stake of sixteen dogs
will be run in its entirety on Sunday. The
hares are surprising the coursing men by
taking the fleet dogs around the field in
courses of two minutes and over. Usual
ly at this time of the year, when feed is
plentiful, the courses are short. The
greyhound which can stay the route Is
still in demand over the sprinter. The
draw last night resulted as follows:
Sixteen-dog stake— Chiarini Brothers' Dew
drop vs. E. Geary's Ireland: A. R. CurtU
Wapsee vs. Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete;
A. R. Curtis' Vulcan vs. Sterl & Knowles
Olita; G. Sharman's Black Flush vb. C. O.
Peterson's Silver Cloud; G. Nethercotfa Freda
C vs. G. Sharman.'B Warship; E. Geary's Palo
Alto vs. A. Vanderwhite's Flora McDonald;
E. Geary's Fenii vs. Aeneld Kennels' Fine
Fire; Kelly & Hanley's Naughty Girl vs. A.
R. Curtis' Charta.
Seventy-two-dogr open stake— J. Hurley's
Gramercy vs. E. Parkinson's Ben Kirby; A.
R. Curtis' Leola vs. O. Zahl's Miss "Wilson; A.
R. Curtis' Kibosh vs. Pasha Kennels' Fiery
Face; G. Sharman'a Bowery Boy vs. T. J.
Cronin'a Tralee Boy; M. Lawlor's Glencoe vs.
P. Doyle's Thelma; P. M. Clarkson's Prompto
vs. J. H. W. Muller's Eagle Cracker; W. C.
de B. Lopez's Courage vs. T. J. Cronln's
Rambler; W. C. de B. Lopez's The Levite vs.
D. G. Frantz's Warco; H. Lynch's Merrimac
vs. A. R. Curtis' Fly by Night; M. Kolander's
Kins's Borderer vs. Sterl & Knowles' Cold
Shivers; J. Durnane's May Be Kind vs.- "W. C.
de B. LoDez's Jewess; R. H. Stoddard's Mas
ter Workman vs. H. Lynch' 8 Black Bart; Sterl
& Knowles" Sleety Mist. vs. J. Durnane's
Swedish; W. Cairn's Imperial vs. J. M. Hal
ton's May Hempstead; Sterl & Knowles
Freezeout vs. B. G. Frantz's Dorothy M; D.
"Weikand's Floranthe vs. P. M. Clarkson's So
fala; E. Geary's Ruby Sankey vs. E. Neave's
Spiteful; G. Sharman's Gold Bug vs. M. Ko
lander's Master Whalen; Kelly & Hanley's
Lusmash Lass vs. G. Sharman's St. Ives; D.
Cahill's Maid of Gowrie vs. Pasha Kennels'
Rural Artist: E. Geary's Fair Oaks vs. E.
Neave's First Foot; J. Kelly's Governor Mac
vs. E. Geary's Minnie Sankey. O. Zahl's
O'Hara vs. L. F. Barters Best Bargain ; H.
Schaeffer's Fair Glen vb. J. D. Cardinall's
Union Jack; C. O. Peterson's Haohazard vs.
R. Stahl's Three Cheers; W. C. de B. Lopez's
Sara vs. P. 11. Clarkson's Golden Garter; M.
Nealon's Aeamemnon vs. E. Geary's Fannie
Hughie; P. M. Clarkson's Miss Brummel vs.
H. Lynch's Clarlsse; R. H. Stoddard's Lady
Sears vs. Chiarini Bros.' "White Hat; A. Van
der White's Miss Nichols \a. J. D. Cardinall's
Jesiby; G. Sharman's Firm Fellow vs. J. Hur
ley's Living Picture: W. C. de B. Lopez' 3
B P vs. W. Cairn's Gold Ore; P. Doyle's Lib
erator vs. W. H. RobinEon's Rosie Freedom;
E. Neave's "Wedding Bells vs. E. Neave's Cast
away; F. Lee's Sweet Locust vs. D. G.
Frantz's Motor; A. R. Curtis' Candelaria vs.
H. Lynch's Lilac.
FEDERATION OF LABOR
READY FOR ITS' SESSION
Exclusion of Chinese Will Form On<»
of the Chief Questions
Considered.
- SCRANTON, Pa., Dec. 4.— To-night the
hotel corridors are crowded with dele
gates from all over 'the United States and
Canada campaigning for and against the
various measures that are scheduled to
come up in the big convention of the
American Federation of Labor, which will
be opened here to-morrow. The Pacific
coast delegation, headed by John T. Mor
gan of Portland, is fighting for a declara
tion favoring the re-enactment of the Chi
nese exclusion laws, with amendments to
make its provisions apply to all Mongol
ians and its operation unlimited as to
years.
Delegates from the shipbuilding trades
are making a vigorous campaign for a
demand from the federation that the Gov
ernment build its own ships and not let
out the contracts to private parties who
pay less wages and exact more labor than
does the Government.
The resolutions submitted for the con
vention's consideration number nineteen
in all. In addition to several on adher
ence to strict trade autonomy and one
on Chinese exclusion, they declare for the
creating of a defense fund by levying a
10-cent per capita tax; against tenement
and home work by tailors: against the
"progressive cigarette-makers'" independ
ent label; for boycott on the tobacco and
bakery trusts and other alleged unfair in
stitutions; for an eight-hour day for post
offlce clerks; for obligating of members;
to demand the union label on everything
manufactured by union hands; against
any local body declaring a boycott until
the central body approves of it; for the
proportional preferential ballot system;
for the appointment of a. committee to In
duce the masons and bricklayers to affil
iate; for a law making it a capital crime
to attempt to kill the President of the
United States, Vice President or any mem
ber of the Cabinet; establishment of a
bureau of organization.
BECOMES A BURGLAR ' .
TO START IN BUSINESS
Tailor, Who Had a Novel Experi
ence in "Crime, Goes to
Prison.
KANSAS CITY, Dec. 4.-F. H. Weber,
a burglar, who operated extensively . in
St. Paul, Minneapolis and Kansas City,
and Was arrested in , Denver and sent
here for trial, was to-day sentenced to
fifteen years in the penitentiary. "
Weber, who is a taljor, 37 years of age,
pleaded guilty. He said that he began
house-breaking in Minneapolis thirteen
years ago, and since then had been. both
tailor and burglar. His Intention was, he
said, to get money enough to start in the
tailor business for himself. When ar
rested in Denver Weber said he was in
the act of reforming and he was about to
start for California to be married.
Californians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— The following
Californians have arrived at the hotels:
St. James— Mrs. O. G. Hallett, Miss M
F. Hallett, Peter F. Goodwin and wife
San Francisco: Metropolitan— R. N
Faulkner, San Jose; Raleigh— N. Shlrai
shi and wife, William H. Avery and wife
C. A. Canfleld and wife. A. B. Butler'
Mrs. M. Hyman, Agnes Hyman, Newton
H. Neustadter, San Francisco; Willard—
A. J. Le Breton, Wakefleld Baker. Francis
Carolan, H. G. Scott and wife, Charles
A. ChamDlain, William P. Lawlor, San
Francisco: Shoreham — L. W. Rabbins Sai
Francisco; National— Mrs. Harry Nenn
hoff, San Francisco.
Bobbers Burn Their Victims.
SANTA FE, N. M., Dec. 4.— The news
has Just reached this city that Mr.- Davis,
proprietor of a store on the Copeland
ranch In Lincoln County, was killed, with
a guest whose name is unknown, the store
robbed and burned and the two bodies
cremated, on Monday night. There Is no
clue to the murderers.
Plan to Fight a Trust.
WICHITA, Kans., Dec. 1-The Kansas
and Oklahoma Implement Dealers' Asso
ciation passed to-day at their annual
meeting a resolution providing - for the
formation of non-partisan . anti-trust
leagues all over the United oiaM3, the In
itiative to be taken* by the retail imnle
ment dealers. ; J '-. . v
French Court Fines Vanderbilt.
PARIS. Dec. 4.-William K. Vanderbilt
was to-day condemned in a French court
to pay 1000 francs damages as a result of
a collision between his automobile and a
dog-cart last year. __> .
RAILWAY MEN
THLK OF RITES
Representatives of Many
Roads Hold a Con-
Increase of th9 Car Famine
Prevents a Serious
Problem.
NEW YORK. Dec. 4.— Keprcsent^A'i
of practically every railroad running/:;!^:
of Chicago, with the exception of the
Great Northern, held a meeting to-day in
this city. The business of the session was
unusually brief, entirely routine, and had
to do chiefly with the problem of main
taining freight and passenger rates
through the vast country traversed by
these roads.
Perhaps the most serious problem which
presented itself to the railroad men wan
the increasing car famine which at this
time taxes the capacity of all the more
important railroads. No conclusion was
reached on this point, but it was sug
gested that It might be necessary to make
a per diem charge, instead of a mileage
charge for the use of cars.
Regarding the rate situation, freight
and passenger reports submitted indicated
that these were in a fairly satisfactory
condition. There were no complaints of
rate cutting In some quarters
there was a disposition to attach signifi
cance to the absence of the Great North
ern representative. It was explained,
however, that the affairs of Hill's road
would be amply subserved by others pres
ent at the meeting. No representative of
the Interstate Commerce Commission at
tended the meeting for the reason that no
business bearing on the affairs of this
body was transacted.
In the absence of Chairman E. T. Jef
fery of the Denver and Rio Grande road,
who is now making a tour of the South
west with George J. Gould, the presiding
officer was Joseph Ramsay Jr. of the Wa
bash road. After the meeting Rasr*%y
said that the real business of the co*!lr>
er.ce was transacted at the monthly meet
ings held In Chicago and that a quarterly
meeting was held in this city to give op
portunity for conferences with the presi
dents and directors, but, as a matter of
fact, no meeting had been held here for
a year, and this meeting was somewha:
of a disappointment, owing to the fact
that so few of the presidents and direc
tors were able to be present. Sessions
were held in" the morning and afternoon
and the meeting adjourned shortly be
fore 5 o'clock to meet in Chicago Decem
ber 20.
I "When asked whether there had been
any discussion as to possible interference
by the Western Governors or the Inter
state Commerce Commission with the
Northern Securities Company, Ramsay
said that the conference had nothing to
do with such matters and that the ques
tion had not been touched on. as it was
purely and solely a rate conference.
BANKEKS MTJST TELL
ALL ABOUT CAPITAL
Internal Revenue Commissioner Ben
ders an Important Decision Re
garding Taxable Property.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Dec. 4.-The
Commissioner, of Internal Revenue has
rendered a decision In which he holdav
that bankers must return for taxation
capital, surplus, undivided profits and
borrowed money used in the business o£
banking. The Commissioner holds that
capital is taxable whether Invested, as in
the case of the United States bonds, or
the bank building, or tire circulating, as
In the case of money, including money
borrowed; also surplus, including undi
vided profits.
"In providing that surplus shall be in
cluded as capital," the decision says, "it
is obviously the purpose of the law to
have the tax imposed apply to all money
used or employed by banks as capital in
carrying on their business. Money bor
rowed by banks and used as capital is
held to be taxable, and it is clearly no
less liable to tax because of the fact that
it is borrowed by a bank from Its own un
divided profits.
"The fact that surplus so used consists
wholly or in part of undivided profits, or
that such undivided profits have or have
not been formally set apart from such,
seems wholly immaterial, so far as tha
purpose of the act is concerned. It is the
use and not the authority to use that
brings such profits within the taxing pro
visions of the act."
Nominees of Women's Clubs.
FRESNO, Dec. 3.— The nominating com
mittee of the Women's Federated Clubs,
composed of one representative for each
of the six districts into which the State
is divided, with one member of the State
executive board, met this morning to
name officers to be elected at the next
biennial meeting in San Francisco durlnir
the first week in February. The ladi-©'
of the committee are: Mrs. M. E. Inrin^
of Los Angeles, chairman; Mrs. J. W.Orr
of San Francisco, secretary; Mrs. Henry
Payot of San Francisco, Mrs. W. P. Cole
man of Sacramento, Mrs. P.. S. Teller of
Alameda and Mrs. E. C. Southworth of
Sanger. The ticket formulated will not
be made publlcv until the convention
meets.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Catarrh has become such a common
disease that a person entirely free from
this disgusting complaint is seldom met
with. It is customary to speak of Catarrh
as nothing more serious than a bad cold,
a simple inflammation of the nose and
throat. It is, in fact, a complicated and
very dangerous disease ; if not at first, it
very soon becomes so.
The blood is quickly contaminated by
the foul secretions, and the poison through
the general circulation is carried to all
parts of the system.
Salves, washes and sprays are unsatis-
factory and disappointing, because they do
not reach the seat of the trouble. S. S.gfr
does. It cleanses the blood of the poisBt* £
and eliminates from the system all catar-
rhal secretions, and thus cures thoroughly
and permanently the worst cases.
Mr. T. A. Williams, a leading dry-good* meiw
chant of Spartanburg. S. C. writes; " For years
Z had a severe case of
nasal Catarrh, with all
the disagreeable effects ff w«
which belong to that fa 3g&
disease, and which Bj 1&M
make life painful and W *fei Sj§* Tjgg
unendurable. I used fTj CT'
medicines prescribed by \ 1 >» 3/
leading physicians and A.'JTV*ii^. *
suggested "by numbers t£t£S£^/ rf
of friends, but without v3Stf^I/XfV t*^}
-getting any better. I _^ p Jk^?5\#^S**
then began to take S. S.
S. It had the desired %^^%0%M§M
effect, and cured me J$mm2£g&3MmY%
after talctug eighteen 3&&E.-&r?y M&Z%ZZ\ *i
bottles. I11 my opiuioa S. S. S. is the only medi-
cine now in use that will effect a permanent cure
of Catarrh."
S/S3fo /J2> * s e only purely veg-
KL^ gjLJ^ etable blood purifier
known, and the great-
kjrlk^Jiaest of all blood rnedi*
IfLyou have Catarrh don't waituntJ^t
becomes deep-seated and chronic, bulffd-
gin at once the use of S. S. S., and sent'
for our book on Blood and Skin Diseases
and write our physicians about your case*
. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO.. ATLANTA, 04. s'
n ~Hn1if Mill l^iiitiimim«i m<i mi m mmm -FAVORS ROUTE
IN NICARAGUA
Isthmian Canal Cbmmis
sion Sends Report to
Congress.
Eight Years and Nearly Two
Hundred Millions
Needed.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.-The report of
the Isthmian Canal. Commission was sent
to Congress to-day. The commission, as
anticipated several weeks ago, favors the
Nicaragua route and makes an estimate
-of 1189 .864,062 as the total cost of construc
tion of the canal through Nicaragua. The
' e£tJ^Vt d cost of tne p anama route Is
S141.23S.35S, but, the report says, it would
cost 5109,141,000 to obtain the Panama con
cersion. The commission values the work
done at $19,000,000.
* Th .l, re Port says the Panama route is
feasible as a sea level canal, while the
>icarasrua route must be by locks, but
w, e icar agua will furnish an inexhaus
tible supply of water for the canal. The
Ivicaragua route has no natural harbora
at either end, but satisfactory harbors
pay be constructed. Harbors already ex
ist at each end of the Panama route, but
considerable work must be done at -the
entrance of the harbor on the Atlantic
side.
With adequate force and plant the com
mission estimates that the Nicaragua ca
ral can be completed In six years, exclu-
Eive of two years for prejjaration. Ten
years is estimated to complete the Pana
ma canal. The total length of the,Nicara
gua route is 1S3.66 miles and the Panama
route 4SJ.09 miles. The estimated cost of
operating- and maintaining the Nicaragua
canal annually is $1,350,000 greater than
that of the Panama canal.
The estimated time for a deep draught
vessel to pass through the Panama canal
Is twelve hours and through Nicaragua
canal thirty-three hours. The Nicaragua
route, the report says. Is more advanta
geous for commerce, save that originat
ing on the west coast of South America.
For the Gulf ports the advantage is two
days and for most of the ports on the
Atlantic and Pacific one day. The Nica-
raf,ua route is said to be better for sall
ying vessels on account of favoring winds.
I Hygienic conditions also favor Nicaragua.
The commission says the United States
Ehould acquire control of a strip of terri
tory ten mf.es wide from sea to sea
through which to build the canal. The
consent of Nicaragua and Costa Rica
must be obtained to construct the canal,
but the report says this can easily be se
cured. The concessions granted by the
Colombian Government to the Panama
Canal Company have many years to run
and new concessions cannot be granted
the United States. The report concludes
as follows:
After considering all the facts developed by
the investigations made by the commission, th«
actual condition as it now stands, and having
considered the terms offered by the new Pan
ama company, this commission is of the opinion
that the most practical -and feasible route tor
a canal, to be under the control, management
and ownership of the United States, is that
known as the Nicaragua route.
George S. Morrison, a 'member of the
commission, submits a minority report
favoring the Panama route. He says the
estimates for the Nicaraguan canal do
not make sufficient provisions for un
known conditions and contingencies. He
closes by saying:
The Panama route has advantages over the
JJicaragua route in cost of construction. In coat
of operation and In convenience when done,
•while its local use Is less likely to lead to local
International complications. If the United
States Government is to build an isthmian
canal, the Panama route is the best.
Opium Dealer Heavily Fined.
Tung Suey, SS Spofford alley, -was con
victed by Judge Cabaniss yesterday on
the chargre of selling opium without a
physician's prescription and was sen
tenced to pay a fine of $100. He -was
caught by Policeman Tillman of the
Chinatown squad in the act of selling: the
drug.
Tonnage Tax From. Philippines.
E. T. Chamberlain, National Commis
sioner of Navigation, has authorized a
change in the name of the steamship
Simon J. llurphy to that of Melville Dol
lar. The Commissioner has also informed
Customs Collector Stratton that taxes will
not be levied hereafter on vessels leaving
directly from the Philippines.
* San Francisco. Thursday, 5 December, 1901- - - .. '
Arm chair, $50.0?
!o ■ a ■ .
As a Christmas gift, what would be more appreciated by
a professional man than a generously sized high-grade arm-
I chair, such as pictured above, for office or study? In choosing
a present for a man usefulness and comfort are usually of first
consideration, and here you have both in the extreme.
A Turkish armchair, with steel frame and imitation ma-
hogany base, covered with the best quality of black leather,
tufted to a nicety. Tne construction of this chair is of the
highest grade obtainable, having spring seat, arms and back,
producing: the most luxurious comfort and restfulness imag-
inable. Price $50.00.
Now is the time to purchase such a gift— suit your owu
pleasure or convenience as to when it shall be delivered.
nL — ■ O
Out-of-town people!— send for our big illustrated cata- I ■
log of holiday hints in furniture. It's free. . I
O — 2 . ■ : ; 6
(Successors to California Furniture Co.)
b 957 to 977 MarKct Street, Opp. Golden Gate Avenue. '1
HANCOCK ARRIVES IN PORT
AFTER A VARIED EXPERIENCE
Goes Ashore While on Way to Assist Transport Warren,
■A but Gets Off Without Assistance. /
UNITED STATES TRANSPORT HANCOCK, WHICH WENT ASHORE IN THE INLAND SEA, THREE . MILES
FROM MO JI, WHILE ON HER WAT TO PICK UP THE CREW OF THE WRECKED TRANSPORT WARREN.
SHE WAS FLOATED WITHOUT ASSISTANCE.
THE United States army transport
Hancock arrived from the Philip
pines via Japanese ports yester
day. When she left Manila she
had only seventeen cabin and
four steerage passengers aboard. At
Nagasaki, however, she received Instruc
tions to proceed to Kobe and there take
the passengers of the Warren. The lat
ter vessel had been ashore in the Semon
oseKi Straits and had put into Kobe in
distress. /
When the Hancock was ) within five
miles of the place where the' Warren
struck she was run ashore by an ignor
ant pilot. " She was then within three
miles of Moji, and Captain Struve at
once sent there for assistance. In the
meantime the German gunboat Tiger
showed up and In answer to a distress
signal put a hawser aboard the Hancock.
Before she could begin towing, however,
the tide fell and it came on to blow so
she threw off the towing line and pro
ceeded on her way. Soon after this
lighters came out from Moji and on them
over 5<X> tons of pig iron ballast and coal
from the bunkers was loaded. At high
water the engines were backed at full
speed and the big transport slipped into
deep water.
"We were twenty-seven, hours on the
beach," said one of the officers yester
day, _"but the vessel was not damaged.
Divers were sent down as soon as we
reached Kobe and they reported the hull
intact. The pumps showed no sign of
water in the hold, so the captain decided
to proceed to .San Francisco. The sol
diers and sailors on the Warren were
transferred to our vessel ' and- another
start was made.
"When we got our orders at Nagasaki
to proceed to Kobe a pilot was put aboard
who had never handled a big ship in his
life. Captain Struve objected, but had to
take him nevertheless. The captain
handled the ship until the morning: of
November 15, when he anchored off
Rokurn Island. Then the pilot took
charge, and when we were abreast of
Manito beacon Captain Struve told him
THE SAN FJRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1901.
he was not steering a true course. The
pilot vowed he was and said he knew his
ousiness. Just then the man heaving the
lead yelled five fathoms and Captain
Struve at once ordered the vessel's en
gines reversed and gav» the signal full
speed astern. I don't think the Hancock
was making more than three knots an
hour when she struck, but nevertheless
the impact was very heavy. We struck
a sandy beach and stayed there a day
and a night. We finally got off after dis
charging some coal and pig iron. There
was no confusion, no one was hurt and
the ship is still as sound as a dollar. ! I
hear we are ordered out' again on the
12th inst., so the Government must be
satisfied."
The Hancock brought up the following
named;
From Kobe, Japan, transferred ' from United
States army transport ..Warren— Colonel F. E>.
Baldwin, '1 wenty-seventh Infantry, U. S. A. ;
Lieutenant Colonel \V. C. Forbush, Tenth Cav
alry, U. S. A.; Lieutenant Colonel J. W. Han
ney, Twelfth Infantry. U. S. A.; Lieutenant
Colonel S. R. Whitall, Twenty-seventh In
fantry. U. S. A.; Major Ogden Railerty, sur
geon. U. S. A.; Major B. F. Ames, Sixteenth
Infantry, U. S. A. ; Captain R. D. Kead, Tenth.
Cavalry, U. S. A.; Captain F. J. Koester, Fif
teenth Cavalry. U. S. A.; First Lieutenant J.
J. ' Hayes, Twenty-fourth Infantry, U. S. A. ;
First Lieutenants L. S. Edwards, Godwin Ord
way, H. K. Taylor, G. K. Green, P. K. Brlce,
Artillery Corps, U. S. A.; Second Lieutenant
F. L. Uencler, Artillery Corps, U. S. A.: Sec
ond Lieutenant J. K. Cowan. Eighteenth In
fantry. U. S. A.: Captain W. J. D. Home.
Ninth Cavalry, U. S. A.; Captain F. D. Pease,
assistant surgeon. U. S. V. ; Dr. D. R. Fletcher,
Dr. C. W. Thorp, Dr. F. M. Wall, Dr. T. Z.
Ball, contract surgeons, U S. A.; Congressman
D. A. de Armond, Congressman Edgar Weeks,
Mrs. F. D.. Baldwin, wife of Colonel Baldwin;
Mrs. J. W. Hanney, wife of Lieutenant Colonel
lianney; Mrs. H. 1>. Tomason, wife of Surgeon
Major Tomason, U. S. V. ; Mrs. R. D. Read,
wile of Captain Read; Mrs. J. Nave, wife of
Chaplain Nave; Miss Nave, daughter of Chap
lain Nave; Mrs. William Wallace, wife of Cap
tain Wallace; Mrs. E. L. D. Breclcinridge,
wife of Lieutenant Breckinrldge;'Cabell Breck
inridge. infant son of Lieutenant Breckinrldge;
Mrs. R. D. Ferguson, wife of clerk In civil de
partment; Mrs. F. Byrne, wife, of steward of
United States army transport McClelland; Mrg.
A. Witt, nurse of Mrs. Breckinridge; Miss M.
B. Buckley, Miss It. A. Deans, Miss A. M.
Charlton, contract nurses, U. S. A.; J. J.
Washburn. chief clerk of office chief quarter
master, Manila; R. D. ■ Ferguson. clerK. civil
department; E. Helnatz, clerk, subsistence de
partment; L. A. Dougherty, son o£ Colonel
Dougherty.
From Manila, P. I.— Colonel L. H. Rucker,
Eighth Cavalry, U. S. A.; Major A. • D. Nl3
kern. Com. Sub.. U. S. A.; Major T. U. Ray
mond, surgeon. IT. S. A. ; • Captain- C. W. Ftee
land, chaplain Sixth Cavalry, U. S. A.; Cap
tain W. J. Pardee, Twenty-nfth • Infantry, U.
S. A.; Captain Eugene Coffin, paymaster, U.
S. A.; Captain E. F. Cheatham, quartermaster,
U. S. A. ; First Lieutenant G. D. Freeman,
Twenty-first Infantry, U. S. A. ; Second Lieu
tenant T. B. Crockett, Twenty-fourth Infantry,
U. S. A.; Dr. J. D. Halsell, contract, surgeon,
U. S. A.; F. E. Magune, master United States
army transport Lawton; Charles Stewart, chiet
engineer United States army transport Burn
side; Mathew Horohan, electrician, United
States army transport Burnside; Gug Wallen
schlager, quartermaster's agent; Eugene Cof
fin Jr.. paymaster's clerk; E. Wernhern, com
missary clerk; Sydney Adamson, correspondent
Leslie's Weekly.
There were, two deaths on the Hancock
during the voyage. W. G. Herriman. pri
vate. Company K, Twenty-seventh Infan
try, died of dysentery, and Mary C. Solon,
a servant of Colonel Baldwin, died of
consumption. Their bodies were brought
to San Francisco.
Quartermaster Captain E. F. Cheatham
comes here to get married. He was for
merly major in the Tennessee regiment
and later joined the .Thirty-seventh as
colonel, when that regiment of volun
teers was formed. When the Thirty-sev
enth was mustered out he became a cap
tain in the regular army by appointment
and was assigned to service in the Quar
termaster's Department. He is now on
leave of absence.
The Warren also brought back 294 en
listed men, nineteen insane, 289 sick in
hospital, 180 discharged, soldiers and
teamsters, fifteen prisoners, sixty-seven
men from United States navy, twenty
nine men condemned by medical survey
on naval vessels, 'fifteen navy prisoners,
twelve guards and a United States navy
cook. Out of the thirty prisoners there
are only two charged with serious of
fenses. They are from the navy and will
be summarily court martialed.
The Hancock docked last night and
will at once be got In order to sail for
Manila on the 12th inst.
FRENCH CRUISER ARRIVES.
The Protet, after an absence of nearly
two years, is again j in port. As she"
passed Alcatraz the stars and' stripes
were run up to the fore and a national
salute fired, the fort replying. All of the
officers of the. warship are new -to San
Francisco. They are:
Commodore Barnaud, commander of the di
vision and captain of the vessel; Lieutenant
Crouzet, adjutant of the division and flag lieu
tenant to the commodore; Chief Engineer
Charry, chief of both the division and of the
vessel; Paymaster du Serech, paymaster of the
first clasH and paymaster of both division and
of the vessel; Dr. Denis, chief surgeon of. the
division and of the vessel ; Captain Volsens,
captain of the frigate; Lieutenants Laumonier,
Blseuit and. Twin: Ensigns Brossler and Lau
rent; Engineers Guyaraart, Le Meur and Ved
rlne, afsistant engineers; Cadets Ravel, Ler
rier. Rivet, Besson, Canbriere and Glllet.
The Protet went from here to Tahiti
and ■ from there made a cruise along the
South American Coast. From Panama
she went to San Diego and thence to San
Francisco.
The vessel was built In '1878 at Bor
deaux and is 331 ' feet - long and forty-six
feet beam. ' Her displacement ; is 4115
tons; her engines are 10,000 horsepower
and her speed is placed at 20% knots. Her
armament is thirty rapid fire guns and
two. torpedo tubes and she carries four
searchlights. She carries 380 men. - ■ ■
, The cruiser. will remain In the bay for
a week and will probably be open to.vlsl
tora next Sunday. She will then go ; to
the Mare Island navy yard for an over
hauling. ?MITrlfK*'iftrtyflfeiMfci«a«
To Regulate Gasoline Launches.
, The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday and took up the ques-
tlon of gasoline launches and collisions
on the bay. After considerable discussion
the board decided that all launches using
the State wharves must be" provided with
at least one life preserver and seventy
flve feet of 3-inch rope.' This rule will not
affect the Peterson fleet, as. his launches
have always carried four or five life pre
servers and far more than? the requisite
quantity of rope. • • ■ . : ■ ■ - ,
Water Front Notes.
The last of the salmon fleet arrived yea
terday. The Sintram got in after a rough
passage of thirty-seven days from j Lor
ing, with 53,607' cases, thirty-seven half
barrels and 239 barrels of salmon. She
was caught in a gale soon after leaving
and had to get under the lee of ; Cape
Chacon for shelter. liater she came out,
but had to buck head winds all the way to
San Francisco. • -
The big British tramp steamship Arab
is nearly ready for sea again. She is- now
on the drydock and some time next week
will either sail for Manila for Uncle Sam
or to England with a cargo of wheat.
A dispatch to the Merchants* Exchange
states that the barge C. H. Wheeler has
been wrecked off Jaquina, She was on
her way here in tow of the George H.
Vosberg with half a million feet of lum
ber aboard when a southeaster came up
and she was wrecked. Three of the crew
were rescued, but one man .was washed
away and drowned. - . - •-
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE. '
. Steamer. j . From. . I Due. -
Progreso. Seattle ..|Dec. 5
Acapulco Panama & Way Ports. Dee. 6
Santa Rosa.... Ban Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 5
Corona Newport & Way Ports) Dec. &
Point Arena... Point Arena Dec. 6
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Dec. 5
Rival.. Willapa Harbor Dec. 5
Asuncion Tacoma .....Dec. 6
Rainier Seattle via N. Whatcom Dec. 6
Pomona Humboldt Dec. It
G. W. Elder... Portland & Astoria Dec. 6
Mattcawan.... Tacoma '.. Dec. 6
Pleiades Seattle ...'. Dec. 6
Mandalay Coquille River Dec. 7
North Fork.... Humboldt Dec. 7
Wellington.... Oyster Harbor :. Dec. 7
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orford Dec. 8
Empire Coos Bay Dec. 8
Centennial Seattle Dec. 8
City of l'uebla. Puget Sound Ports Dec. 8
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 8
Eureka.*. Eureka Dec. S
Washtenaw..'.. Tacoma Dec. 8
Peru China & Japan Dec.' 10
Columbia...... Portland & Astoria .... Dec. 11
Alaineda Honolulu Dec. 11
Santa Ana Seattle & Tacoma Dec. 12
Newburg Grays Harbor Dec. 13
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports..'.:. Dec. 13
Nlcaria Hamburg & Way Ports Dec. 15
San Juan Panama & Way Ports. Dec. 15
Leelanaw N. -Y. via Panama Dec. 16
Sonoma ;.. Sydney, & Way Ports.. Dec. 16
TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 5.
Eureka....... Humboldt .......... 9 am Pier 13
December 0. .
W. Kruger... Tlllamook Bay .... 6 pm Pier 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 6 pm Pier 8
Sierra..'. Sydney & Way 10 am Pier 7
J. B. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma.. 10 am Pier 2
December 7.
Rival......... Willapa Harbor ... 5 pm Pier 2
Alliance. Portland & Coos B. 5 pm Pier 16
Sequoia. Grays Harbor'.... 5 pm Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm|Pier i
Corona " Newport & Way... » amiPter 11
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Umatllld Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier ' 8
Curacao Mexican- Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Chile... Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
Coronado G ray s Harbor .... 6 pm Pier 2
December 8. ■■
Pomona...... Humboldt: 1:80 p Pier 9
Santa Kosa.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
December t>.
Arcata Coos B. & Pt Orfd 4 pm Pier 13
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier n
City Sydney.. Panama & Way.... 1 pm PMSS
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2-pmPler27
December 1O. '
Rainier Seattle & N. What. 5 pm Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Mandalay Coquille River .... 5 pm Pier 2
■. December Hi
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way 9 am Pier 11
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
December 12. ..
City Puebla. . Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
December 14. • . .
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Santa Ana... Seattle & Tacoma.. 6 pm Pier 8
Alaineda Honolulu ....> 2 pm Pier 7
December 17. ■ ■ \.
Newburg..... Grays Harbor ..... 5 pm Pier 2
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier ' 9
";■ •■.-.:- , FROM SEATTLE. "1 ~~*
Steamer. ■ From. • ; • Due. |
Chai. Nelson.. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 10
Bertha Valdez & Kodlak Dec. 10
Ell Thompson. Cooks Inlet &,Way Pts Dec. 15
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts. Dec. 25
Sun, ; Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetio Survey—
Times and* Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. ■ entrance to San
■Francisco Bay. Published' by official au
thority of the Superintendent. . '
NOTB- The high and , low water* occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five .minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the Earn* at both places.
.. THURSDAY. 4 : DECEMBER 5..
Sun rises. 7:H
Sun sets..............V... .'................:. .4:50
i Moon rises.. ... ..'....?.• ....2:04 a, m.
Time. Time) ''% Tima Tlmal "■
Dat* Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
L W H W L W , H W : i
6 .. 0:41 1.6 7:30 5.7 2:10 \i.l 8:30 4.0
6 ... 1:28 2.0 8:10 6.8 "2:55 0.7 9:30 4.0
7;.. .2:10 2.3 8:47 6.9 3:S5 0.3 10:25 4.1
8... 2:60 2.6 -'9:21 -5.9 4:11 0.0 11:12 4.8
9 ..[ 3:27 2.9 (9:50 . 5.9 4:46 —0.3 11:57 43
10... 4:05 3.6 10:19 5.8 5:19—0.4.
H W L W H W - L W i '
11 ... 0:36 .4.4 4:41 3.2] 10:49 5.8 B:S2— 0.5
NOTE— In the abovo exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column* and the. successive tides . of ' the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last, tide of the
day,, except, when there are but three tides. , as •
sometimes , occurs.'.' '> The heights < given ' are ■ in
addition. to the soundlzurs of the United state*
REVENUE LAWS
TO BE FRAMED
War Secretary Prepar
: ing a Philippine
Programme.
Noted Statesmen Discuss
the Matter With the
XT I CDlUCllUf
, . WASHINGTON, D. C, Dec. 4— Setre
tary Root Is taking counsel with some of
the Republican party leaders In the pre
paration of a programme to meet the de
cisions of the Supreme- Court last Monday
In the insular cases. It Is said that the
present purpose is to ask Congress to leg
islate Immediately to define with precision
the status of the Philippines from a reve
nue point of view.
While neither of the cases decided Mon
day, the Pepke "fourteen diamond rings"
case, nor the Dooley.case, affirmed or de-^
nled the. right of the Philippine authori
ties-to collect duties on goods entering
Manila from -the. United States, the offi
cials of the War Department in the ab
sence of legislation intend to continue the
collection of the duties at the present rate
at Manila. :
Amount of tlie Duties.
The financial officials of the department
who have looked Into the trade figures
for the past three years find that the sum
of $1,900,000 represents about the total of
the duties : collected from Spaniards on
goods arrived at- Manila which might
have to be refunded in the event that it
should ultimately be held that the collec
tion of duties on American goods there
was illegal: The Spaniards would secure
like liquidation under the terms of the
peace treaty guaranteeing them equal
rights with American merchants In tho
Philippines.
President Roosevelt to-day entertained
a distinguished company at lunch. Among
the guests were Mayor-elect Seth Low of
New York,' Senators Depew, Platt and
Frye. Secretaries Root and Hay, Attor
ney General Knox, Embassador Choate,
Representative Llttauer of New York and
Mr. Cortelyou. The decision of the Su
preme Court in the Philippine cases was
discussed and the conclusion reached to
have a bill -introduced at once in Con
gress to correct the situation at San
Francisco by levying a duty on goods
coming from the Philippines and, if nec
essary, to further legalize the present
duty on goods entering the Philippines.
Measure From Lodge.
Senator Lodge to-day introduced a bill
to provide revenues for the Philippine
Islands. It provides that the tariff passed
by the Philippine Commission September
17, 1901, and approved by the Secretary of
"War, shall remain in full force and ef
fect. This covers goods going into the
islands.
The second section of the bill provides
for levying the same duty and tariff on
goods coming into the United States from
the Philippine Islands that are now col
lected from foreign countries.
Section three provides that until other
wise ordered statutory laws of the "United
States shall not be in force in the Phil
ippines except as ordered by the Philip
pine Commission.
Section four provides that all duties
collected In the Philippine Islands shall
be paid into the Philippine Treasury.
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
cign precedes the height, and then the number
riven is subtracted from the depth given by tha
charts. Xba plane of reference la the mean of
the lower low waters.
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco., Cal.,
December 4, 1901. .
' The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building wan dropped exactly at noon to-day,
i. «., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at S
p. in.. Greenwich mean time.
"W. H. STANDLEY,
Lieutenant. U. S. Navy, in Charga. ■
NEWS OF TELE OCEAN.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British bark Deudraeth Castle has been
chartered prior to arrival to load salmon on
Fraaer River for Liverpool at 40s, with option
of wheat at Tacoma for Europe, 3Ss l^d.
The ship J. B. Thomas will load lumber at
Tacoma for Sydney, SSs 9d.'.
The bark Annie Johnson will return to Hilo
in the Ssreckels line.
A Cargo for Apia.
The schooner Winchester was cleared yester
day for Apia via Portland with a cargo from
this port valued at $S93, Including the follow
ing merchandise: 3000 bricks, 49 pkgs pipe, 2
pkgs paint. 6 pkgs ventilators. 4 bales sacks. '
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Wednesday, December 4.
Stmr Lakme, Nelson, 92 hours from Colum
bia River. .
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 1C0 hours from Port
land; 90 hours from Astoria.
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 16 hours from
Fort Brapg.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, 24 hours from
Eureka.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, 29 hours from Ku
reka. . -
US stmr Hancock, Struve, 26 days from
Manila, via Kobe 16 days.
Fr man of war Protet, Barnaud, 2 days from
San Diejro. :
Ship Sintram/ Wirschuleit, 37 days from Lor-
Ing, ' via Cape Chacon 30 days. „
- Schr Alcalde, Johnson, 16 days from Grays
Harbor.
l CLEARED.
, » .;• December 4.
Nor stmr Tellus,' Pedersen, Ladysmlth; R
Dunsmuir's Sons Co.
Schr Winchester, Christiansen, Apia, via
Portland; Wilkens & Donandt.
SAILED.
'Wednesday, December 4. .
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent City.
Stmr Coquille River, Hanson, Fort Bragg.
Stmr Westport, Erickson, Usal.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay.
Stmr Scotia. Walvig, Bowens Landlnjc.
Stmr South Portland, Sears, Seattle.
Stmr Edith. Hall. Seattle.
Stmr Cella, Adler, -. -
:~ Stmr Mlneola, Kirkwood, Port Los Angeles.
Stmr Newburg, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Stmr State of - California, Thomas, San
Diego. * •
Stmr Columbia. Doran, Astoria.
US stmr Ranger, Potter, La Paz, via San
Diego. - :
Nor stmr Tellus, Pederson, Ladysmlth.
Br ehlD Rajore, Qarrlock, Queenstown. ■
1 Fr bark Anns de Bretagne, Bregeon, Queens
town. ■
spoken. ; •■■;:/•: i
Nov 12. lat-30 S, Ion 45 W— Ital ship Salva
tore Ciampa, from. Shields, for San Francisco:
all well.
Nov 12, lat 29 48 S, Ion 15 44 W— Br ship
Thistlebank, from Cardiff, for Santa Rosalia.
- - , - • DISASTER.
SEATTLE, - Deo 4— Stmr Clara Brown -waa
wrecked;, on Al-Kl Point, near this Dort, dur
ing the storm last night. Tugs. have gone to
her assistance. - •
s ;vf MISCELLANEOUS.
A telegram received in this city to-day from
the Life-saving Station at Yaqulna Bay states
that three men have 'been saved from the
bargo C H -Wheeler and one ■ man lost. The
barge was abandoned by the tug Geo R Vos
burz on' Nov '27. '
LONDON, Dec 4— Br stmr . Sutherland, from
Astoria, previously reported ashore on Japan
coast, has after compartments full of water at
hJsh tide.
ASTORIA. Dec 4— The , Br ship Nelson, in
tow of tug Tatoosh, parted hawser at 10
o'clock last night and disappeared. The tug
returned at noon and master thinks ship went
down, but may have run to the north.
. TELEGRAPHIC. •
POINT LOBOS, Deo 4. 10 ' p m— Weather
cloudy; wind NW, velocity 12 miles.'-,-,
. 'DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Dec 4— Br bark Caith
pess-shire, from Newcastle, Aus.
BOWENS LANDING— Arrived Deo 3— Stmr
Gualala, hence Dec 2.
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Pleiades, for
San Francisco, -v. '
■' EUREKA— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr Pomona,
hence 'Dec 3; stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro;
8tmr ' Aberdeen, hence Dec 2; stmr Luella,
hence \ Dec 1. , '
. Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Homer, v for San Fran
cisco; stmr Newsboy, i for San Francisco;. stmr
San . Pedro. - for San Francisco; schr Mabel
Gray, for San. Pedro. - ' ■•
PORTLAND— Sailed Dec 4— Br ship Trava
more, for Quesnstown. «
, • . " EASTERN PORT..
NEW YORK— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr Finance,
from ; Colon. . ■ i . *
... v . FOREIGN PORTS. -
;MORORAN— Arrived Dec 1— Br - stmr . Indra
veli, • from . Oresron. :- - ' ■ .; .
UQUIQUE— Sailed Nov 27— Br ship Celtic
Ouoon. . tar • Puset ■•; Sound.
"TO SUFFERING WOMEN
2 L""KU""nA lU A ULLUulNb;
SAYS THIS BEAUTIFUL YOUNC GIRL.
MISS MARY RATZ, OF NEW YORK.
Miss Mary Ratz writes from Brooklyn, N. T., 612 Seventh avenue:
''Peruna is a blessing to suffering women, and I am pleased to
recommend it I suffered for over a year with backache, headache,
and nervous debility, and although I tried many remedies, Peruna is
the medicine that cured. I am now in perfect health, and am very
grateful to you.'" MARY RATZ.
Dr. Hartman's free i treatment for Miss Louise Bertsel. 19^a Second street,
chronic catarrh has been the means of Brooklyn. N. Y., writes:
restoring a great multitude of discour- "My health was excellent until about
aged, hopeless people to health. Only a six months ago, when I seemed to have
few of the many letters received by the a collapse from overdoing socially and
doctor with a request to publish them, the doctor ordered an entire change of
from grateful patients, can ever be pub- scene and climate,
lished. "As this was an absolute impossibility
The following are specimens: at. the time I had to try and regain my
Mrs. Augusta Boettcher, 3042 Emerald health In another way and was Induced
avenue, Chicago, 111., writes: by a friend, wWo gave Peruna such a
"From youth I was troubled with good recommend, to try Peruna. >^>
leucorrhoea, which grew worse, and, as a "I cannot tell you the condition Of my
result of hard work, I contracted a stub- nerves when I began to us© it. The least
born case of inflammation of the womb, noise irritated me ana I felt that lire was
I tried several doctors, but got no better, not worth, living, but Peruna soon
Upon the advice of friends I began the changed me into a well woman, and now
use of Peruna. I took nine bottles of this I do not know I have nerves. _ „
far-famed medicine, Peruna, and after 'LOUxSE BEBTSELi.
many fruitless endeavors have finally re- Address Dr. S. B. Hartman. Columbus,
grained my health.' I can recommend Pe- Ohio, for a book written especially for
runa to every person. women entitled "Health and Beauty."
"MRS. AUGUSTA BOETTCHER." Sent free to women.
JUNIN— Sailed Dec 2— Br bark Bann, for
Port Townaend.
ST LUCIA — Sailed Dec 1 — Stmr Oregonlan.
from Philadelphia, for San Francisco and
Honolulu.
SANTA ROSALIA— Sailed Oct 23— Br ship
Pinmore, for Oregon. Nov 6— Br bark Iverna,
for Tacoma. • -
DOVER— Passed Dec 4— Ger stmr Neko.
hence Augr 29, for Hamburg. . -
it YOKOHAMA— Arrived Dec 1— Stmr Olympla,
from Tacoma. »
Sailed Nov 29— Br stmr Empress of India, for
Vancouver. • "
HONGKONG— Sailed Dec 3— Br stmr Duke
of Fife, for Tacoma.
COCHIN— Sailed Nov 30— Br stmr Yangtse.
for Suez.
CALLAO— Sailed Dec 3— Ger stmr Herodot.
for San Francisco.
. SANTA ROSALIA— Arrived Nov 29-Scht
Forester, from Cowlchan.
PORT . PIRIE— Arrived Dec 2— Shis Para
mlta, from B&llard. "N^
OCEAN STEAMERS. '
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 4— Stnir Cevlc. for
Liverpool; stmr Philadelphia, for Southamp
ton; stmr Zeeland, for Antwerp, via, Cher
bourg; stmr Majestic, for Liverpool. *
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Nov 26— Stmr Thyra,
from Portland. Or, and San Francisco, for
Hongkong.
CHERBOURG — Arrived Dec 4 — Stmr Patricia,
from Plymouth, for Hamburg.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr Staten
dam, from New York. .
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr Celtic,
from New York, for Liverpool.
Sailed Dec 4— Stmr Ultonia, . from Liverpool,
for Beaton. «
COCHIN — Sailed Nov 29 — Stmr "yangtae, from
Seattle, Hiogo, etc, for. Suez.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Dec 4— Stmr. Kaiser
Wilhelm der Grosse, from Bremen, for Ne\i
BROWHEAD— Passed Dec 4— Stmr Germanic,
from New York, for Queenstown and Liver
pool. * ■".'•■
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Dec 4— Stmr Ger
manic, from New York, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
New Trial Denied to Incendiary.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that Robert Bishop of Oakland, who was
convicted of setting fire to his house for
the purpose of getting the insurance, was
not entitled to a new trial. The penalty
passed on him for the offense was five
years' Imprisonment at F'olsom.
« 1 i.nu,.,ri ll^i.,,nm A i^.r^r, ,i, M' , mi -. n i, i im } x u
SAN FRANCISCO'S ELITE SOCIETY OF YEARS AGO
AND HOW THEY ENTERTAINED.
One cf the most interesting stories of earlyday life in this city
that has ever been published Illustrated with rare, photographs.
TUT? C V* f* T7C1* O A VJf\D A HJT A f
inn jcivjvjxloi jr/\iNv/j\./nvi/\
PHOTO EVER TAKEN AND -
HOW IT VAS DONE.
EMMACALVEANDHERPRO-
TEGE, EDNA DARCH,
CURIOUS THINGS IN THE
Next Sunday Call
ONE OF THE NOTABLE ART
GALLERIES OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO.
KING AND QUEEN OF SIAM
TO VISIT SAN FRANCISCO.
v POSTER PAGE BY GELETT .
BURGESS.
SUNDAY CALL CHRISTMAS EDITION OUT DECEMBER 15
A special issue full of California stories by Western writers.
. The msst interesting Christmas issue ever published on the coast
FATHER FOUND STARVING -
WITH. HIS CHILD DYDfO
Officers of Charitable Society Dis
cover Touching Example of
' Parental Affection. '
A sad case of destitution and a touch-
Ing example of parental affection was dis
covered at the home of Albert Rosa, 13
Hawthorn street, yesterday by the offi
cers of the Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Children.
A little 10-year-old boy has for -weeks
been lying helpless, slowly passing away
with consumption, and the father has
spent every available penny of hia earn
ings in a vain endeavor to prolong his
child's life, meanwhile depriving himself,
of everything but enough food to keep
body and soul together. When the oftt
cers of the charity arrived they could not
induce the man to leave his boy's bedside,
although chilled and exhausted as a re
sult of hl3 deprivations. The neighbors
stated that Ross had not left the bedsldo
for a moment for days, except when it
was necessary to buy food for the dying
lad.
The matter was reported to the proper
authorities and something will be done to
alleviate the sufferings of the two unfor
tunates. '..:■'■
Leaves Estate to Clergymen.
The will of Annie GrifOn (nee Kenney)
was filed for probate yesterday. . She
leaves an estate valued at $11,000. ' and
names Rev. Father Torke as> executor of
the document. Mrs. Griffin after declar
ing that she has no children or relatives
who have any claim upon her bounty
makes the following bequests: ! Rev. C.
A. Ramm, 52000; Rev. Peter C. Torke.
$2000; Rev. R. J. Kenna, S. J., $1000, and
the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum ot
this city, $3000.
The residue- of her estate remaining af
ter the legacies have been paid la be
queathed to Archbishop P. W. Rlordan.
56
THURSDAY... .,.. DECEMBER 5, 1901
; •:• JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
licTtti All Cemaicnic»Uea3 lo W. 8. LEAKS. Kar»7er.
MA.XA.GEIl'& OFFICE. '. ..... .Telephone Pre«« 2O4
I'CBLICATIOX OFFICE. ..Jlnrlcet and TUird, S. F.
Telephone Presa SOI.
::»ITOniAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Prcsi 202.
Delivered »»y Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelc.
Single Copies. 5 Cento.
Terms by Stall, Including; Postages
UAILT CAUL, flneludinr Sunday), one year..... $«.0fl
DAILY CAUL, {Including Sunday). C months J.00
DAILT CALL. (lncJudSr.gr Sunday). S months 1.60
PAILY CALL— By Single Month 63o
EUNDAY CALL. One Tear'..... l.M
WEEKLY CALL, Oae Tear 1-W
All poitmaiterx are authorised, to recelr*
■nhscrlptlons.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
ifaO robscrfbers la ordering chance of address should be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to lscur* a, prompt and correct compliance ■with their request.
OAELASD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xssagvi Tcrtiga Aivertiiinp, Mirquette Building, Chlcags.
' CLtOBg Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
KEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: •
C C CAJUVTOX Herald Sqnare
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE: V 7 •
b. S31ITH. ...... .30 Tribune Bull dinar
KEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
WaUa-f-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, II Union Square;
litany EIU Hotel. ',f;-'.'--''* V -''" ■-'•t'VV',"::;/
CHICAGO NEWS STANDSt
Sherman Boose; P. O. News Co.: Oreat Northern Hotel:
ficmoat House; Aodltorlmn Hotel.
.WASHINGTON <D. C> OFFICE. . . .1406 G St., 5. W.
UORTOir E. CRASE, Correspondent.
BRAJCCH OFFICES 5T7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until i:» o'clock. SO* Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until *:30 o'clock. CIS Larkln, open until
t:tt o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
ccmer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1098 Valencia, open
until • o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until i o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-flcccad and Kentucky, open until » o'clock.
2200 FOhaara, open until 9 p. m.
AUTISEMENTS.
Central— "The Streets of New Tork."
.AJcaxax "An Enemy to the "King."
Columbia— 'Tlie Girl Prom Maxim's."
Orphenm— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "The Marriage of Figaro."
California— "A Stranger In a Strange Land."
Tivoli— "The GfSsba." s
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— VaudevUle every afternoon and
even let-
Fischer* •— Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack— Races to-day.
MARKETING FRUIT.
DEBATES at the Fruit-growers' Convention
now in session in this city furnish another
proof that the fruit industries of California
have reached that point in their development where
the marketing of the crop becomes the chief issue
before the producer. There are of course many
things yet to be discussed and learned as to the best
means of managing orchards, selecting varieties of
fruit for different localities, destroying fruit pests and
increasing production, but the main effort at present
is directed toward obtaining better markets or
cheaper and prompter access to existing markets.
It is not strange that it should be so. Compared
with the fruit industries of other States those of
California are voting, but such has been the rapidity
of their development that they surpass those of any
other State. In a paper read at the first day of the
convention it was pointed out that shipments of Cali
fornia fruits to the East have increased from 16,000
carloads in 1890 to 66,000 carloads in 1900. So huge
an increase in the output in so short a time naturally
gluts the existing channels of the trade. The mer
chants of the country who handle the fruit have not
been able to keep up with the increase in the quan
tity offered them to handle, and consequently the
producers suffer for a lack of adequate markets.
A similar condition has prevailed at times in other
lines of industry. In fact, the increase of produc
tiveness in nearly all lines of American industry has
made such experiences common. At the present time
the railroads themselves "have been caught napping
and find themselves lacking in facilities for handling
the traffic offered them. Reports have come from
manufacturing centers of establishments that have
bad to refuse orders solely because they could not
get cars to haul their goods. So strong has been the
pressure for more rolling-stock that the orders given
for cars and locomotives this year are well nigh be
yond the capacity of the car and locomotive build
ers to supply, so that the glut appears in spots all
along the lines of our industrial life.
Such conditions cannot be permanent. It is not
for nothing ' that we ' commonly speak of trade as
flowing in channels. Commerce is,' in fact, governed
by laws very much like those which regulate the run
ning of waters. When an obstruction stops the flow
of water there is for a time a cessation of the stream,
but eventually the water either finds a new channel
around the obstruction' or else overflows it. So it is
with trade. An obstruction here or there never per
manently stops it. There is no reason to believe
that the fruit supply of California is yet equal to the
full needs of the American market. The trouble is
that through the existing channels of trade the fruit
cannot find its way to the market. Better methods of
transportation and of distribution would soon put an
end to every appearance of a glut. . . ».
: To devise a means of reaching the whole American
market expeditiously and cheaply is now the problem
'which engages the attention of fruit-growers and
fruit-dealers alike. It is a difficult problem, but in
the end it will be solved. American energy and
sagacity have never yet been balked by difficulties of
that kind. If nothing else avail we can imitate the
Southerners, who, when they found they could not
sell their cotton at a fair price, proceeded to manu
facture it at home. California can find a profit in
working up into preserves, jams,. jellies and confec
tions a Ir.rge quantity of the fruit which she now
sends East to be sold for what it will bring. "The
present glut may therefore in the end prove to be a
profitable experience for us.
If our Eastern friends needed anything more in the
ivay of lessons to teach them the folly of admitting
Chinese to this country they can find it by reading re
ports of the highbinder war that has just broken out
in this city. It is not easy to enforce American law
even in an American city where the Mongolians are
permitted to live in any numbers.
For a little <■ while the Germans have ceased de
nouncing American competition and the British war
policy. The action of the Kaiser in removing from
command a colonel who was responsible ; for a . fatal
duel in his regiment has given them troubles of their
own to talk "about
A MENACE TO ALL.
BY the resolutions submitted by Supervisor
■ Braunhart on Monday, public attention is,
once more directed to the extraordinary/
commission whose appointment is provided for by ,
Assembly constitutional amendment No. 28, to be i
submitted to the voters of the State at the next elec
tion. The Call has several times pointed out the per
nicious features of the scheme, but the subject is one
to which reference cannot too often be made. In fact,
a continuous campaign of education should be carried
on against it until all citizens have been fully warndd
of its dangers and its defeat at the polls has been as
sured.
The amendment in question provides for the cre
ation of a State Commission of five persons, are
to be clothed with powers to fix all rates and charges
for transportation of passengers and freight, and all
other services by all common carriers; to fix all
rates and charges for water, electric. light and power
and gas; to fix all-rates and. charges for telephone
arid telegraphic service; to fix^all rates and charges
for sleeping-car companies and corporations, and to
make regulations concerning the same; to ' fix the
rates and charges for express companies or corpora
tions and all express. service, and also to make regu
lations concerning, them. >•/■>
With respect to the powers .prescribed the com
mission is to be the successor to the BankCommis
lioners, the Insurance Commission, Boards of Super
1 isors, City Councils, and other governing bodies of
counties, cities and towns in the .State." /In fact,: so
far as regards fixing rates and making regulations for
the. various services stated, the commission is to be
supreme, and it is also clothed with power to exact
D license from all persons engaged in any of the speci
fied industries. Finally, it is provided that any license
fixed by the commission shall be conclusively deemed'
jtist and reasonable. •■ v '■•' ; - :
A commission clothed with % ; such. ; . extraordinary,
powers would be objectionable on that ground alone
were it otherwise commendable. The, proposed com
mission, however, is made still more objectionable by Y
the manner in which its members are to be chosen.
It is provided in the amendment that the commis-;,.
sion shall be composed of five members— the .first" 'set'
to be appointed by the Governor, fbr two,' four,. six,,
eight and ten years, and afterward they. are to be.
elected at the general elections for , terms of ten
years, their salaries to be $6000 per annum, .with
power to appoint as many attaches as they see fit.
Here, then, is a proposition to^give} the Governor
power to appoint a commissioruwhicli will take over
to itself a considerable portion of the powers now
vested in local authorities or in existing- commis-.
sions. Of the members thus appointed one would
serve for as long as ten years, another for eight/ The
majority of the original appointees would serve, for
six years. It would have dealings -with eyery.rimppr
tant corporation in the State.'. It . would override^ all
local authority in the regulation of . many matters
which concern the locality alone. In short;- it ' would
go far toward destroying locar self-government in af
fairs where it is of highest importance that lo'calgpv^
ernment prevail. " l-r. .'•;..; :.-,»-'■.':>
Can it be necessary to point out to any," intelligent 1 '
citizen what would be the certain, result of the adop-J
tion of the proposed amendment? The commission.;
would be appointed by the Governor, but at the dic
tation of the great corporations." It wo'ujd be'a-Her:
rin commission," and he would hold 'it "for six;years
at least. Even when the time came for the people to
elect a member of the commission the corporations
would unite to bring about the nomination of a ser
viceable tool of their; own for the office.. THe cor-:
porations could well afford to pay high for control of
a commission with such extraordinary powers, and it
is a foregone conclusion they would not hesitate to'
make the payment.
The Braunhart resolution provides that the-Mayor
shall appoint a committee of five to communicate
with all Boards of Supervisors, City Councils and :
Town Trustees throughout the State for the purpose
of arranging for joint action in working to defeat the
scheme. The resolution has been referred to the
Judiciary Committee. It is to be hoped it will ■ be
promptly acted upon. It is true the election is still
far off, but where a campaign of education upon a
new issue of such importance as^this has to be car-,
ried out it is always wise to begin early. .
It is said that many of the Cubans . who are in
Washington to work for reciprocity are really in
favor of annexation and are using the reciprocity
scheme as a step in-that direction; so it "would seem
there is not a single reciprocity proposition now be
fore the country that hasn't some kind of a trick
in it. .. >
GERMAN WAR TALK.
BARON VON EDELSHEIN; a German of
ficer of the Second Uhlans, is publishing what
may be called armed essays, in which he makes
a large number of German invasions of other countries
and wins victories which make the laurels of Von
Moltke, Waldteufel and Unser Fritz look as , if they
had been'exposed to the frost. The Herr -Baron in
vades the United; States and lays us prostrate at the.
Kaiser's feet in a few pages of "active campaigning...
He is good enough to say that our country is too
large to be overrun territorially, but we-are to be
conquered "by cutting the. great arteries of exporta
tion and importation, so as to paralyze the industrial
and commercial life of the United States."
He makes no note of what we will be doing while ;
this process of cutting our. goozle. string for paralytic
purposes is going on, but states exactly the number
of men his country will need to paralyze us, an.d if
will be just 96,000. Against this force, which is to :
fall upon us as "a surprise," by the way, he estimates
that we cannot oppose more than 20,000 men. As he
remarks that our troops are still armed with the old
style muzzle-loader guns, he finds no difficulty in
having our 20,000 men consumed and digested by % his
96,000. After we are laid low he is not certain
whether. we will be incorporated as a province in the
empire or ruled as a colony.; Frankly, we share the
uncertainty »with;the Herr Baron.' /We can't make up
our mind which we would' like;. better, and are dis
posed to spar for time until we find out. : • •
We suppose that after -we are caught , and tamed
the Herr will kindly unpafalyze us, give.us the use of
our -limbs again and let us take the air under, proper
guard. • .' 'i •--•."■■'• :■ ■ - '•
Now,- we desire to warn the Baron that >11 this-busi
ness will violate the Monroe doctrine. 'Has he heard
of Major Monroe of. our Revolutionary army? Well,
the Herr Major* Monroe had a doctrine, which we
beg the Herr Baron to sufficiently respect, because
the »Herr Major Monroe is dead and cannot receive
his apologies. Surely if the Herr Baron will not re
spect our muzzle-loading guns arid our "great arteries
of importation', and exportation," and our other feel
ings, he will respect the dead. . - ' : . ' ■
t But,alas! : what can one expect from a Herr Baron
■ ■ • . : ' i •» i ' : ■.■■■■■■■ • ■ ■ ■■• ' • ■ • ■ ,<;'■■■ • ■ ■■<■■■■ ...,■.>'■■-. ■■; \ <':. - . . ■• ■. * ■. . ;■ ■ . .;. . . '. ' " . ■ .- , :-■
THE SA-iN FKANCISCO cAlL^ THURSDAY; DECEMBER V 5, 1901.
who is a Uhlan? Probably the best we can do is to
take our "great arteries' of importation and exporta
tion" in. nights,'. and ring the curfew on our 20,000
men so that they, can 'be kept off, the streets and out
of danger -during the' dark hours, and then wait^ pa
tiently until our fate overtakes us.
All the Bryanite papers are expressing great hopes
of a fight between the President and the Republican
majority in. Congress, but it goes. without* saying that
they-" will be disappointed. The Republican majority
in Congress is large and strong, but it will none the
less have all the fighting it wishes to do in keeping
the Bryanites quiet and making them behave, them
selves. .' V ; -'^ V ■'■''''"• ".'■'
MORE notable: than any other single feature :
of the President's . message is. the .emphasis -'
,. *Ayith; which it insists upon the/Srights £ofj
American labor and the duty of Congress to provide
for its adequate ■■protection against* any unfair ' cogi-
Vetition that tends to/drag it down to lower levels J of i
living., :To that doctrine the message returns v again_
lind again; and it is thus made evident Ithat ! it holds a.
foremost place; in; the President's ''mind jand is. never
(or a-momeht overlooked in thievcorisideration ']of. any ;'
issue :'o£ statecraft. "■ -^ ''■/./■ • . ■'.. '•' |
In referring, to^the dejath of .McKinleyjthe President
notes particularlyi that the' .was = ''one of 'the strongest
champions the wage-worker has ever # had,'' 'and goes
on to say: "He had, just: been ire-elected, to,-,the*
Presidency -because the majority ; ofVour Tcitizens, ■ the
majority •: of vdu'f' farmers an'd wage-workers, .believed
he had faithfully .Hipheld their -interests ; for; ; four :
years." In urging the creation 'of : a-Department ; ;"of ;.
Commerce he states that the course ; proposed is /part',
of a co'mp.rehensive scheme Vfpr securing our. busi-.
ness interests on safe basis' and making-firm., our ■
new position in the. international- •• industrial
while '.scrupulously safeguarding the ; /i rights of v the
wage : workers and /capitalists, of investors ; an"d/ prjr
vate citizens, so as;td -secure equity- between man arid i
man in ithis republic.."^ ....„ ..!..„ ,
Passing, to a diVect consideration of the welfare of]
workihgmen.he says:-' "Not only .'must our labor be'
pTrotected by the tariff, but it should also be protected
so far as .possible" from the presence in this
of any laborers brought" over by contract, or of those
who doming 'freely .represent a standard of living 'so
depressed )/ that'*: they^ can undersell 'our. men *• in the
labor : ma^et;an'dVdrag;ihVm.tq a: lower level." .'I re-:
gard it : as necessary, with' ",this ;end. in; view,: tdTre-;
enact immediately the ', lavvJ: excluding Chinese labor- ;
ers and" to 6tr^nh'i^|iri^ra^jb^r^nep'es5ary in .order ;
to make.-its : enforcement entirely effective." I. ■■:-.. : I
: - Passin^bh to|the.. labor ' problem generally- the i
• President . commends', the ., organization ; of :
labor, and; say? :j,\>yery great-good has been accom
plished ( fSsSociatiphs, or/ unions, of wage-earners
jvHen managed \#ith fc rethought and when they-'com
bine • insistence," upon ,theii';(5,\v'n rights with . law :
abiding- resp'iict ion -the -of others." He then
adds : : ! "When^all is said done the rule of broth
erhood rx:mainp as the* indispensable prerequisite to
success rin tlie- ! ;kind of 3 - national life for which we
strive." : : ' The sfudy of our immigration laws leads
him' to say'that we should exclude all persons "who
are ,beloi$; a. "certain standard of economic fitness to
enter our industrial field as competitors with Ameri
can'rlabor,••!; .There : should be proper proof of a ca
pacity to earn an American living and enough money
to insure a ''decent start under American conditions.
This ; would stop the influx of cheap labor, which
gives: rise to so much bitterness in American indus
trial -life." a •! " .
Finally, in discussing the tariff and reciprocity,
the' President says: , "Our first duty, is to see that the
protection granted by the tariff in every case where,
it is needed is maintained, and that reciprocity be
sought for. so far as it can be. safely done without in
jury to our home industries. Just how far this is
must be determined according to the individual
case, remembering always that every application of
our... tariff policy to meet shifting national needs
must be conditioned upon the cardinal fact that
the duties must never be reduced. below, the point that
will cover the difference between the labor cost here
and abroad. The well-being of the wage-worker
is the prime consideration of our entire, policy of
economic legislation." ■■'■';. ■;.'_'" ... >.
These statements are expressions of the truest
Republicanism, and'. it is gratifying* to find them so
clearly and emphatically, asserted by, the President.
It is indeed a cardinal doctrine of all Republican
platforms that ..the well-being of the wage-worker
is the prime consideration of economic legislation,
and it is for that feason; that, despite the ravings.of
demagogues, the : ;mass iof the ' American . people re
main true to the party and support its candidates.
CHRISTMAS FOR THE POOR
A .CIRCULAR- letter issued by. Colonel- George
French of the Salvation Army 'announces that
in accordance- with acustom pursued for many
years the army is now making preparations, for pro
viding, a bountiful Christmas dinner for the poor of
the city, and. appeals to. the benevolent for assistance
in'the'work.' ■ . ,'-:.. • .'".!.". V.' . ;.' "'
The letter states {hat last Christmas the army gave
dinners to over 2006 people' in this city, and through
put the whole'country to upward of 160,000. It is th e
aim this year to provide for fully as many, if' not
more, and accordingly a liberal-response' from sym
pathetic; persons is desired' as'.; promptly .as ..possible.
' That', there are a -large number ; of • deserving poor
in the; city -to whom such -a gift of Christmas cheer
will be necessary i, for an enjoyment of the great
Christian festival isf indisputable. . Despite the pre
vailing-prosperity there are, many .who/ have not
shared ;in it. ;Ill;heaith,; lack of work or" other inci
dents attending, the life of .", the "poor have prevented
them. from profiting by -the general; welfare of the
countryl To these it is only right that help should
be given at all times, arid particularly, at the season
.when it; is the desire of all that, something of the
Christmas joy should cometo every man, woman and
child in the community. .- ; r «I. : : , ;
; The effectiveness of the . service 'of - the Salvation
Army in caring for. the welfare and the wants of the
poor is well known. Any charitable work , under- •
taken by them heeds 1 no indorsement. The record. of
the army* is'the;'guarantee. All who, give-to this un
dertaking v of : the army may '.be- assured ' that every
thing contributed. for the-poof will go to the poor.
The .contributions, "thereforei, : should be both liberal
and prompt. 'Let us help 4he Salvation Army. to pro
vide ,"for every "destitute.; person in ; San- Francisco a
.Christmas; dinner? so; bountiful that not^one. shall go
hungry. It is. a good cause .undertaken, in the "right
spirit by the right :people.'; Help it along. . ;
I'A new religious • reformer in Boston . has started
up withwhat he calls: a "revelation," "and he.sa^s it
was written by an angel .on _a typewriter— but ■ whether
■blonde i or brunette .is^not specified. '^
PROTECTION FOR LABOR.
SOCIETY ATTENDS DOLL SHOW
AND MANY OTHER FUNCTIONS
THE international doll show at the
maple room ;■ of the Palace Hotel Is
an assured success. The attendance
yesterday afternoon and evening
was gratifying:* to the patronesses. So
ciety people took advantage of the pleas
ant weather to attend and their generous
distribution of money will add greatly to
the financial condition of the Protestant
Episcopal Old Ladies' Home.
Miss California was greatly admired and
scores of votes were cast for her name.
"Dolores" leads all the "other names in
the contest.
The following excellent programme was
rendered last evening:
Glee, "Artillerist's Oath" Adam
The Choir.
Cornet solo "Dance of the Dervishes"
Cecil Cllne.
Tenor solo. "Do You Forget"... Louis C. Tlpton
• J. F. Veaco.
Cornet solo '• '......."In Sunny Spain"
Cecil Cllne. .
Barytone solo Selected
S. " Homer' Henley.
Glee, "Invitation Waltz" ; Voffel
The Choir.
Director— William H. Holt, organist of Grace
Church. , ■
' Each day there is a change of attend
ants at the various tables. Yesterday the
following were in charge: .-,•■..
Mrs. John I. Sabln, assisted by her daughter,
Mrs. Redmond W. Payne.
Child's table— Mrs. ' Annie Newlands.
Fancy table— Mrs. Charles E. Gibbs. •
Old ladies' tables— Mrs. C. E. Gibbs, : Mrs.
Coley, Mrs. Jones, Miss Wolly and Mrs. Carder.
Doll tables— Mrs. George W. Kline, Mrs. E.
M. Spalding; Mrs. George S. Baker, Mrs. M.
A. . Ramus, j Mrs. -John Landers, Mrs. J. V. - D.
Middleton, Mrs. Alfred Clark, Mrs. F. L.
Southack, Mrs. A. M. Prindle and Mrs. George
Wellington.
.' Candy table— Mrs. Collier, Miss Collier. Miss
Carolan,' Miss McBean and Miss Taylor. ' . ■ ■
■ Voting booth— Mrs. Daniel McLeod. Miss Ber
tie Bruce, Miss Virginia Gibbs, Miss Jeannette
Deale, Miss Maud Simpson and Miss Shelton.
Refreshment room— Mrs. Sanchez and Mrs. E.
J. ' Lion. -. . ■ :
-The bazaar continues to-day, to-morrow
and Saturday. .
The euchre party given yesterday after
noon, by Miss Ruble Sessions at her resi
dence, 2120 Lyon street, was a social suc
cess. The: triends of the young lady
crowded the prettily decorated rooms of
her home and spent a pleasant afternoon.
The hostess was assisted in receiving by
Miss Eleanor Eckart, Miss Rowena
Burns, Miss Mabel Toy, Miss •' Georgle
Spieker and Miss Uriderhill. . The games
were .interesting 1 and closely contested.
The prize winners were Miss Maud duff.
Miss Etta Yale, Miss Aimee Garoutte and
Miss Georgie Spieker. ■ The successful
players were awarded handsome paintings
of scenes in. Chinatown. The score cards
were also' pretty souvenirs of Chinatown's
odd places. 1 The decorations were Chinese
and the effect was pretty and Oriental.
Mrs. ."William R. Eckart will give a pink
tea. this afternoon in honor of Miss Edna
Donaldson, /the fiancee 1 of her son, ' Nel
son * A. 'Eckart. The Eckart. residence at
3014 Clay street has been beautifully deco
rated with greens and, holly. ■ Ribbons of
pink and -ipink lamp shades add to the
pretty effect.* The hostess will be assisted
in receiving by Mrs. "William. R. Eckart
Jr., Mrs. R. A. Donaldson, Miss Edna
Donaldson, MiS3 Mabel Donaldson, Miss
Claire Underhill," Miss Clara Durbrow,
Miss" Eleanor . Eckart, . Miss Georgie
Speiker, Miss Ruble Sessions and Miss
Edith Manning. . . •
■'.■-%"■■«. ■ "" ■ • ':-■.■■-•,.
Emlyn Lewys, the distinguished traveler
and lecturer, entertained the members' of
the Laurel Hair Club at their rooms, 1620
California street,' yesterday with a pleas-,
ing, talk on-" "The Jain People of -.India."
He told 'of itheir characteristics,^ mode: of
living, habits . and philosophy. His lecture
was , interesting and instructive. During
the afternoon . Mrs.', Carrington rendered
several . vocal \ selections. Refreshments
were served at the conclusion of the pro
gramme. -.
This : evening at Mission Parlor.. -Hall,
DAINTY BISQUE LADIES THAT ARE THE RECIPIENTS OF MUCH AT
TENTION ON THUI PART OF THE VISITORS TO THE SHOW NOW
BEING HELD IN THE CAUSE OF CHARITY. • ,/;
Seventeenth street, above "Valencia, Com
pany I of the League of the Cross Cadets,
comprising the parishes of St. Peter and
St. James, will give an entertainment and
dance for the benefit of the uniform fund.
The programme is a long and a good
one, consisting of numbers from the very
best- of local musical and literary talent,
who kindly volunteered their services.
After the entertainment music will be fur
nished by the League of the Cross Cadets
Band for dancing. The price of admission
Is 25 cents and a limited number of seats
have been reserved. The following Is the
programme :
Selections, League of the Cross Cadets Band;
opening remarks. Battalion Adjutant George F.
Welch; tenor solo. Battalion Adjutant John H.
O'Brien; recitation. Miss Hazel Buckley; so
prano solo. Miss Etta M. Walsh; original spe
cialties. Little Clalr Fex; recitation. Thomas
W. KIHcev: buck' and wing dance. Miss Mar
garet Cron n'atd Miss Irene Camina; soprano
6^0, Aiifca twiue -Crawford; tenor solo, William
Ogllvie; recitation. Miss H. Samson.
The members of the League Club have
organized for 1902 and are busily engaged
preparing for | their second entertainment
and ball at Odd Fellows' Hall, Friday
PERSONAL MENTION.
E. T. Clowe, a merchant of Woodland,
is at the Grand.
A. Ekman, a druggist of Oroville, Is
spending a few days at the Lick.
J. Ryan, Mayor of Kansas City, . is
spending a few days at the Palace.
■ Joseph K. Choate, a prominent resident
of Denver, registered at the Palace yes
terday.
S. Solon Holl, an attorney and former
judge of Sacramento, is a guest at the
Grand. y
Dr. W. . L. Renlck, a popular medical
practitioner of Butte, Mont., 13 a guest
at the Palace.
F. F. Woodman, the well-known mining
man, of Nevada City, is among the ar
rivals at the Lick. <-
V. G. Bpgue, a mining man of New
York, is out here on business. - He is stay
ing at the Palace.
.. J. F. Hart, an extensive lumber * dealer
of Portland, Or., Is down here on a short
business trip and Is registered at the Lick.
Paymaster Ryan, United States Navy,
came down from Mare Island yesterday,
accompanied by his wife, and is sp'snding
a few days at the Palace.
: Samuel J. G. Buckbee and wife have re
turned! from San Rafael and before mov
ing into their new residence at 2510 Pa
cific avenue ' are staying ; for a : few days
at the Palace.
'James Henry, a prominent young club
man of Cincinnati and brother-in-law of
E. O. McCormlck, passenger traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company, will
arrive from the East to-day. ' Mr. Henry
is possessed of vast , capital and intendsj
Investing his money In some business ven
ture on the Coast.
"-A full purse'is the best pocket compan
ion. iftUniiUmwilU'r iMiHiifiniw
evening, January 10. The club has estab
lished a reputation as entertainers. An
excellent bill of amusement is being ar
ranged and will conclude with Lieutenant
J. K. McCormick's latest laughable bur
lesque entitled "Romeo and Juliet." Ser
geant Frank Gilson will be seen as Ter
rence O'Hoolohan' in the role of Romeo,
while Color Sergeant George Shaw . will
star as Juliet. Dancing :. will follow. '
The ladies of the First United Presby
terian Church, corner of Golden Gate ave
nue and Polk street, will hold a pillow,
handkerchief and doll sale at the'.churclx
to-morrow evening and- on - Satur
day until 4 p. m. The- proceeds of
the sale will be applied,to some, needed .re
pairs on the church. The articles to- be
sold are all first class and will be. offered
at reasonable prices. The ladies of the
church are taking a great deal of Interest
in the sale. There will be a general social
to-morrow evening, : when' refreshments
will be served. ;•'•;' .
Rev. Francis M. Larkin, pastor of Grace
Methodist Episcopal Church, will deliver
a lecture to-morow evening. His subject
will be "A Postponed "Wedding Journey
or Six Months' Abroad."
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
HOMESTEAD- J. W. S., Palermo, Cal.
The book you want is the "American
Settler's Guide," which any first class
bookseller can' procure for you.
ODDS-Subscriber, City. The closins
odds on the horse McFlecnoe that ran
the first race November 22. 1901, were as
published in The Call at that time. J to L
and not 13 to 1."
HUMANE SOCIETY-Subacriber. City.
The following is a list of the officers ot
the California Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Children, which is a pri
vate institution, incorporated in 1ST5:
President. Charles Sorntag: vice-presidents-
Andrew B. McCreery. George H. Frescott.
James B. Haggta, D. O. JIlIls.. Olive? 'EldrJdge
\\illlam F. "Whittler. Charles Hoibrook, Henr7
tEJ^C« Alex « nd " Boyd, Levl Strauss. John D.
Thompson, B. P. Flint L H Sweenev W K
Bourne. William M. Pie«on7 £r' S&1&
cw£ a^ Ci ?f o: , ; A|T }«« Hayward. San Mateo
?nr» S rv C - , Per , km? - ' Oakland. Board of dlrec
m «~ C^'nK les S g nnta «. A. Roman. C. M. Volk
man Gilbert Palache. John Si^ufe John F
¥£*?• V e °iF e , A - Newh «». Clinton E. Wo*:
K^r^? 19 £■ ont = a °'e. Francis H. Pitman.
Henry L. Davis; secretary. M J White :
treasurer. George A. N'ewhall; counsel Charles
Row£ £Uorncy! '- *MKP C. Dlbert. pTTrcell
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. To wtiyai •
Choice candles. Townsentf's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. Glace Fruit GCc "per lb at TownisniJ"!'
Special information supplied dally tok
business houses ana public men by t.'iak
Presa Chppins bureau vAllen"s;. aio zlou.i&
toajery s.ueei. TeWi»hon« Main 10)2 "• j '
Youth^ sucks, the susar-coa^ng and
leaves the bitter pill for o:d age to cihew,
Gulllet'a Christmas 'extra minca plea, tern
cream and cake. 903 Larkin st ; phone East 19*. •AMUSEMENTS.
Erery Klght This Week— Inducing Sunday.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
FAMOUS FUNNY FARCE. ,
THE GIRL FROM MAXIM'S.
The Sauciest Girl that ever Winked Across
the Footlights.
LAST TIME StTXDkAT NIGHT!
Beginning NEXT MONDAY,
JEFFERSON DE ANGELIS,
America's Foremost Comic Opera Comedian,
In the Enormously Successful Operatic Novelty
"A ROYS! 'RflfillF "
n iiU I ??L RUyUCi
BEATS NOW READY.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE.
LAST TWO PERFORMANCES OF GRAND
OPERA,
Under the direction of MR. MAURICE GRAU.
This Afternoon, at 1:45. farewell matinee,
"TANSfHAtrSER." Gadski and Reuss-Belce:
I>ippel, Blass and Bispham. Conductor. Dam-
rosch.
TO-NIGHT, at 7:45. farewell night and
last joint appearance cf Mme. Eames and
wme. Sembrieh In Mozart's opera, "LE
NOZZE DI FIGARO 1 ' <The Marriaee of
Klcaro). Eames. Fritzl Scheff and Sembrlch:
Campanart. Tavecrnla and Ed de Reszke. Con-
ductor, 6eppilll.
Prices. 52. $3. $4 and $5.
WEBER PIANOS USED. '
Grand Openta* of the Stock Star Season.
TO-MORROW (FRTDAT) EVENING.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
MISS MINNIE SEL1GMAN,
America's Greatest Emotional Actress.
In the Ortdnai Version cf the Famous Play.
The Crust of Society
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c, 25c. 60c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. Sc
NEXT WEEK— Minnie Seligman in <*'A
WIFE'S PERIL."
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP!
Matinee Saturday Only at 2 Sharp!
POLLARD'S AUSTRALIAN
JUVENILE OPERA CO.
TO-NIGHT and Rest of Week, by Special
Request,
"A Gaiety Girl."
MONDAY, December 9— Last Week.
"IIT TOWN.' 1
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 50c and 75c
Telephone Bush 9.
VAUDEVILLE REIGNS SUPREME
Dumond's Parisian Minstrels, Wer-
den and Shepherd, La Tortajada,
and the Biograph. Last times of
Andy Lewis and Company, the
Onllaw Trio, Wile. Taglione, Gole-
man's Trained Dogs and Cats,
and the Kaufmann Troupe.
Reserved Seats. S5c; Balcony. 10c: Opera
Chairs and Bex Seats, 50c.
TO-NIGHT. Matinee Saturday.
A STRANGER in a
STRANGS LAND.
The Brightest Comedy Seen in Years.
SEAT SALE BEGINS TO-DAY. 9:30 a. m.. for
Sunday Night and remainder of week, for
the Young Romantic Actor,
S. MILLER KENT,
Presenting Xat C. Goodwin's Great Success,
"THE COWBOY AND THE LADY"
By Clyde Fitch.
Complete New York Knickerbocker Theater
Production.
fit 1 M SAT R K^Ar
BELASCO & THALL Managers
ALL THIS WEEK.
| AN ENEMY TO THE KlloT
ROBT. STEPHENS* Successful Romantic
Drama.
First Time at Popular Prices.
GREAT ALCAZAR CAST.
Superb Costumes! Brilliant Production!
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
EEATS ON SALE G DAYS IN ADVANCE.
PRICES— 15c. 25c :3c. Me and 75c
NEXT "CHRISTOPHER JR."
BELASCO AmaTMAlCSj^^
"^ vmm cm mam
TO-NIGHT— ALL THIS WEEK
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Dion Boudcaulfs Great American Drama. The
STREETS OF
NEW YORK.
The Bis Scenic Production of the Year.
See the Great Fire Scene.
Startling Effects— Exciting Climaxes.
DDTfEC Evenings 10c to EOc
JiuLCJ Matinees 10c. 15c. 2Se
Next Week— "THE ELECTRICIAN."
CHUTES^and ZOO
Big Vaudeville Bill!
NEW MOVING PICTURES.
Including a Picture of the ILL-FATED SAN-
RAFAEL.
SPECIAL "TO-NIGHT !
THE AMATEURS
, AND A
LADIES' BRICKLAYING CONTEST.
Telephone, for eeats. Park 23.
flOr'HITD'C CONCERT HOUSE.
rlOOxllLrV D /emioffton Inc.
MME. CHARITY MARTIN; John Desmond;
i the Four Lerners; Blanche Reynolds; Kaiacra-
r tue; Dunning and Grimm; Oro. Bernard and
' Oro, and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Seats
25c. Matinee Sunday.
r\ ■ P" r" nnu* I Corner Fourth and
purr nnu n I M*i*evs. f. t^
I A h h Kill our £ i* clal Brew >
Ufll L I I U 1 II I— Be. Overcoats and
valises checked tree
MORE TROUBLE
FOR KNOWLTON
Restored Vice Principal
Is Charged With
Incompetency.
Zimmerman Weakens and
Refuses to Stand
Trial
Ebenezer Knowlton, formerly vice prin
cipal of the John Swett School, who was
suspended for one year for offensive re
marks to his pupils, is in trouble again.
At yesterday's meeting of the Board of
Education Principal Lyser filed a report
that , Knowlton is so entirely lacking in
the power to properly control children
that the discipline in his class is poor.
Lyser says the only serious accident that
has ever occurred in the schoolyard In
sixteen years was the breaking of a boy's
arm through rough play and that it took
place when Knowlton was in sole charge
during the noon recess of October 14.
Lyser says further that Knowlton's
method of instruction is bad and charges
him with incompetency and general un
fltnc&s for teaching. The board set Mon
day at 10 a. m. for the hearing of the
charges.
Mayor Phelan transmitted a petition of
taxpayers requesting. that provision be
made in the bend issue for a modern
schoolhouse on Clay street, between Wal
nut and Laurel, instead of wasting $10,000,
as now recommended, for the addition of
four rooms to the present building. The
matter has been attended to by the Su
pervisors, who have incorporated an item
of ?50,000 for such a building in the decla
ratory ordinance.
The resignations of Mrs. O. Mann and
Mrs. M. C. Martin as teachers were ac
cepted.
The oral examination of applicants for
positions on the eligible list of teachers
will be held December 28. 1901, at the City
Hall and the Girls' High School was desig
nated as the place for holding the written
competitive examination of applicants on
Monday, December SO, 1901. All applica
tions must be made before December 18,
1901. In accordance with the plan published
in August, 1901. by the Board of Educa
tion. All applicants whose applications
have heretofore been made may take the
examinations without reapplication, re-
Bcrdless of whether they have taken any
of the examinations and all applicants are
permitted to take either or both of the
examinations to be held in December, 1901.
Owing to the continued illness of Miss
A. M. Cobb she was granted a leave of
absence from the Bernal School until Jan
uary 6. 1902. Leave of absence was also
granted to Miss M. Simon.
The board met again in the afternoon
to try William Zimmerman, German
teacher in the Polytechnic School, at his
own request on charges preferred by Prin
cipal Bush. Zimmerman had changed his
mind, however, and the board was pre
vented from proceeding by a writ of in
junction served at Zimmerman's instance.
MORGAN CITY CASE
BEFORE THE COURT
Insurance Company Contends That
the Charter Party Is Void Be
cause of Illegality.
The trial of the Joseph Ladue Gold
Mining and Development Company vs.
the Frankfort Marine Insurance Company
was interrupted in the United States Cir
cuit Court yesterday by a motion for a
nonsuit. Judge Morrow excusing the jury
from attendance during tHte argument on
the motion. The suit is to recover $18,£>SS
insurance for the freight pending on the
Morgan City when that vessel was wreck
ed on the coast of Japan. The beneficiary
named is James Barneson, father of Cap
tain John Barneson, who Is marine su
perintendent of the army transport ser
vice at this port. The defendant raised
the contention that Captain John Barne
son at the time of the execution of the
charter party was a Government officer,
and that the charter party was therefore
void. J. Franks and Peter Dunne appear
for the plaintiff. E. S. Pillsbury and Les
lie Jacobs represent the insurance com
pany.
Court-Martial Is Appointed.
Colonel Rawles has appointed the fol
lowing named officers as members of the
general court-martial to be convened at
the Presidio to-day: Lieutenant Colonel
George S. Grimes, Artillery Corps; Major
Charles W. Hobbs, Artillery Corps; Cap
tain John V. White, Artillery Corps; Cap
tain Charles A. Bennett, Artillery Corps;
Captain John L. Hayden, Artillery Corps;
Captain Lawrence S. Miller, Artillery
Corps; First Lieutenant George T. Per
kins, Artillery Corps; First Lieutenant
John B. Murphy, Artillery Corps; Second
Lieutenant William R. Bettison, Artillery
Corps; Second Lieutenant James L. Long,
Artillery Corps; First Lieutenant Stanley
D. Embick, Artillery Corps, judge advo
cate.
Stabbed in Left Arm.
A man went to the office of Dr. d'Er
cole, 1614 Stockton street, Tuesday night
to have a wound in his left arm attended
to. Policeman Peshon was notified and
went to the office. The wounded man
told the officer his name was Carlo Catel
li and that he lived at 327 Green street.
He said he had been stabbed by a man
named Raghiante, alias Pelli, in St.
Charles place, off Kearny street. He re
fused to say what the quarrel was about,
but gave the names of two witnesses to
the stabbing. Raghiante lives at 4W
Broadway, but has not yet been arrested.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
KILL THE DANDRUFF GERM
Or Your Hair Will Fall Out Till You
Become Bald.
Modern science has discovered that
dandruff Is caused by a germ that digs
up the scalp in scales, as It burrows
down to the roots of the hair, where It
destroys the hair's vitality, causing fall-
ing hair, and. ultimately, baldness.
After Prof. Unna, of Hamburg, Ger-
many, discovered the dandruff germ, nil
efforts to find a remedy failed until the
great laboratory discovery was made
which resulted in Newbro's Herpiclde.
It alcne of all hair preparations
kills the dandruff germ. ' "Without dan-
druff, hair grows luxuriantly. "Destroy
the cause, you remove the effect."
PALACE and
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tail stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks-
pass the entrance.
American and European plans.
AMUSEMENTS.
RACING
"~gfe» •"■' Every Week D»y—
ttSr Rain or Shine.
i\EW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Races start at 2:15 P. in. sharp.
' Ferry-boats leave San Francleco at 12 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 2 p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
track. Last two cars en train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; r.o smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broagway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Ean Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and'
4:i5 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAS. F. PRICE. Secy, and M*r.
THE SAN FRAN CISjX) CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1901.
FRUIT MEN FAVOR ENACTMENT
OF NEW LAWS ON CONTRACTS
Spirited Debate Is Brought Aboiit by Introduction of
Proposed Tlemorikl to Legislature.
ORGANIZATION and co-operation
were the subjects set down for
discussion at the second day's
session of the Fruit Growers'
Convention yesterday at Pioneer
Hall, but they took a much wider range,
despite the efforts of Chairman Cooper to
keep the speakers within bounds.
F. N. Righters of Campbell opened the
morning session with a proposition to In
dorse the President's message and sug
gested that a committee be named to
prepare and telegraph suitable resolu
tions. Chairman Cooper ruled the motion
out of order on the grdund that only
matters appertaining to the fruit Indus
try could be considered. N. W. Mother
all of Kings County came to the rescue
with a proposition that the committee so
named consider such portions only of the
message as related to the horticultural
and agricultural interests of California.
In that shape the resolution was adopted.
E. F. Adams of Santa Cruz, who had
charge of the work of interesting the
consular service in furnishing reports,
spoke of his work and the worK done by
Eiugene Goodwin of the Pacific Commer
cial Museum. Naftzger of Los Angeles
suggested resolutions of thanks to Secre
tary of State Hay, but action was post
poned in order to afford Mr. Goodwin an
opportunity to deliver an address on the
work so tar accomplished. He told of
the difficulties at first encountered and
of the success of the plan later.- •
Adams presented the following resolu
tions, which were adopted: < . „
Resolved, That the thanks of the fruit grow
ers of California, in convention assembled, are
hereby extended to the Hon. John Hay, Sec
retary of State, for authorizing, the employment
of the consular service tor systematically, gath
ering information valuable to fruit growers; to
Frederick Emory, chief of the bureau, of for
eign commerce, who has supervised. the work,
and the many consuls who have so cordially
responded to our request. And we respectfully
request that this service be extended and per
fected as experience may indicate as desirable.
Resolved, That our hearty thanks be also ex
tended to the Pacific Commercial Museum and
to Eugene Goodwin, its director, for its effect
ive work in receiving, copying and distributing
this information at cost of the museum. We
desire that the museum continue this service
for the fruit growers on such terms as may
be arranged between the museum and the State
Board of Horticulture. ■
Resolved, That this subject be now per
manently referred to the State Board of Hor
ticulture with the request that it will assure
a general oversight of these services in behalf
of the fruit growers and that it make appro
priate contributions to the commercial museum
toward the expense of the service. • .
National Quarantine Law.
Naftzger brought up the matter of the
necessity of enforcing a/national quaran
tine. He prepared a set of resolutions,
which -were unanimously adopted by the
convention. They read as follows:
Feeling as deeply as ever the vital necessity
for a national quarantine law for the protection
of our fruit Industry against the importations
of fruit or trees, plants, shrubs, vines, buds
or - cuttings, commonly called nursery stock,
infested with any disease, scale or Insect pest,
we, the fruit growers of California, In con
vention assembled, hereby give our cordial ap
proval to House bill No. H. R. 96, Introduced
into the Fifty-sixth Congress by Mr. Wads
worth, and we do most- earnestly request all
members of Congress from California to use
their best efforts to secure the enactment into
law of the Wadsworth bill or one embodying
similar provisions establishing national quar
antine regulations. " • , -
Resolved, That a copy of this resolution be
sent to each member of Congress from Cal-'
ifornla. .
VThe Work of the California Fresh
Fruit Exchange" was the paper read by
A. R. Sprague* of Sacramento. The ex
change had been hurriedly, organized, Mr.
THEODORE KEARNEY OF FRESNO, DELIVERING AN ADDRESS ON RAIS
INS, RAISIN GROWERS AND PACKERS BEFORE THE FRUIT GROW
ERS' CONVENTION YESTERDAY AT PIONEER HALL.
Sprague said) but was now in good run- :
nlng order. The reader continued:
During the past year, the first of our or
ganization, -we handled fruit to the value of
1208,000. at an expense of 111,000. With five
months in which to prepare for the coming
season we feel that we will be enabled to do
twice as much business next year.
A. G. McAdie of the Weather Bureau
was present and extended an invitation
to the delegates to visit his office and
talk about frost.
Theodore Kearney of Fresno spoke on
the raisin industry. He apologized for
not preparing a paper on the subject Riv
ing an account of his experiences with
raisins, raisin growers and packers. He
said: ,
There is one thing about the raisin business,
which is also true of all fruit business — you
must- -fix a -price and maintain it. Contracts
must be so drawn as to bind the grower to de
liver the fruit when he contracts to do so.
For failure to do this last season the raisin
growers of Fresno only received an average of
2% cents a pound for their raisins, when they
might have received. 4Ms cents and-, upward.
There is necessity for legislative action In this
regard and the matter should be presented to
the next Legislature.
On the suggestion of W. H. Ai'ken, Mr.
Kearney was instructed to prepare a
memorial for the consideration of the
convention and later the Legislature.
Subjects to Be Considered.
At the opening of the afternoon session
Chairman Cooper announced that the
subjects in the President's message to be
considered by the committee were the
Nicaragua canal, irrigation and forest
preservation, extention of the consular
service in the interests of manufacturers
and producers and the Pacific cable. F.
N. Righter, William Johnson and N. W.
Motherall were named the committee.
W.' J. Hotchklss in his paper on the
future of the wine industry of, the State
claimed that the success of the industry
would depend more upon increased pro
duction of cheaper wines, so that on the
table of the laborer they could compete
with beer, milk or coffee in price. He
claimed the San Joaquin Valley would in
a few years become the greatest wine
producing region of the West.
His views were discussed and combatted
by Professor E. W, Hilgard, Professor
Hausmann of Napa, W, H. Aiken and
others.
. R. D. Stephens of Sacramento, chair
man of the permanent committee on
transportation, who his had as much to
do with advancing the fruit interests^of
California as any other man in the State,
asked for further time in which to make
the report.' The matter will be specially
taken up this afternoon. It is deemed one
of the most important to come before the
convention. . . -,
A very lively debate was precipitated
when Theodore Kearney presented a
memorial, first 'to be presented to a com
mittee of seven drawn from the conven
tion, later on that committee's report to
the convention of next year, and then to
the Legislature. The memorial is as fol
lows:
Resolved, That whereas our laws, as Inter
preted . by . the courts, enable manufacturers
and others to form combinations and control
prices through a sale of any number of prop
erties to • one concern, and that these laws
practically forbid the fbrmation of associations
of producers for a similar purpose because it
is not possible to vest the , title to innumer
able farms in one company; and that this con
dition Is a gross ■ injustice to all producers,
and constitutes one of the greatest obstacles
to the general prosperity of the whole State,'
in that it compels them to pay combination
prices - for everything . they buy while pre
venting" them ■ from •■ obtaining combination
prices for what they have to sell; and
Resolved, That as it is absolutely essential
to the success of our nroducers that they form
associations among themselves .for, the proper
grading and marketing of- their products, -the
Legislature of this State is hereby respectfully,
petitioned i to enact ' a law at . its next session
which will effectively and immediately place
our producers ■ on an ■ equality before the law
in this respect with any and all combinations.
Discuss the Trust Question.
In the speeches that followed: the ques-
tion of trusts was fully discussed by
Naftzger, Kearney, Motherall, Jacobs,
Aiken and Sprague. The fate of the
memorial was trembling in the balance
when F. J. Fitch of Loomis moved to lay
it on the table. ; Chairman Cooper said
he did not think such a course was ad
visable, and Fitch withdrew his motion.
Sprague and Naftzger offered, amend
ments, and it was finally adopted with
the understanding that the committee will
confine its deliberations to a consideration
of co-operative laws and suggest amend
ments thereto. ■ • 4
Naftzger offered the following resolu
tion wnich was adopted amid consider
able applause:
Whereas, the commissioners from fifteen
States and nine foreign countries, represented
at the Pan-American Exposition, recently held
at Buffalo, in the State of New York, have
united In- recommending one of California's
citizens, the Hon. J. A. Filcher, for Chief of
the Department of Horticulture at the forth
coming Louisiana Purchase Exposition, to be
held at the city of St. Louis, State of Mis
souri, in the year 19C3; and
Whereas, the recommendation has been in
dorsed by thirty-six out of thirty-eight ex
hibitors in the Department of Horticulture at
the late Pan-American Exposition; therefore
be It
Resolved, That the fruit-growers of Cali
fornia, In State convention assembled, recog
nize and .appreciate .the compliment to our
State and one of its citizens, and most heartily
unite in recommending* Mr. Filcher for the im
portant position named, believing that his
Identity with our interests, his long residence
in California and particularly his very exten
sive and successful, experience in exposition
work, both in this country and in Europe,
coupled with his recognized energy and execu
tive ability, mark him as the man in all the
West, and for aught we know in the country
at large, most eminently qualified for this dis
tinguished and very important position.
We believe his appointment would not only
be a guarantee of energetic and efficient work,
but would carry with it the assurance' that
at St. Louis, for ' once In the history of ex
positions, the great and rapidly growing hor
ticultural interests of the world would re
ceive the recognition their importance de
mands.
Everybody felt. In -good humor at the
close of the meeting, J. A. Filcher hav
ing given them a synopsis of his experi
ences in Buffalo in a humorous vein.
The morning session to-day will be de
voted to the ladies. Mrs. Emma Shatter
Howard will be the principal speaker.
MUSICIANS' UNION WILL
BANQUET MAYOR ELECT
Affair Is Set to Take Place Next
Monday Night at Golden Gate
Hall: /
The Musicians' Union will tender a ban
quet to Mayor-elect Schmitz at Golden
Gate Hall on Mon-lay evening, December
9. The board -of directors of the Musi
cians" Union received the following from
the Mayor-elect yesterday in answer . to
the invitation sent him by the union:
_ ■ ■ ., SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 23, 1901.
•Mr. Sam Davis, Secretary Musicians' Union.
City — Dear Sir and Brother: Your kind Invita
tion just received, and in reply will state that
the ■ month of December will be perfectly . ac
ceptable u to me as the date'- for the banquet. I
expect to see you in person shortly and thank
,the Board of Directors and members of the
Musicians' Union for their kindness In so hon
. orlng me. "I, will let you know later upon what
subject I wish to speak. Sincerely yours,
E. E. SCHMITZ. Mayor-elect.
The committee having in charge the ar
rangements for the banquet intend to :e
sue about 400 invitations. There will be a
programme of speeches and recitations.
On Trial for Murder.
The examination of witnesses for the
prosecution was concluded yesterday In
the United States Circuit Court, Judge de
Haven .presiding, : in the murder case'- of
William Robles; and the evidence for ths
defense ■ will be presented this morning.
Robles is accused. of the murder of Otto
Schroeder-on board -the American bark
California at Hakodati, Japan, last "June. 1
WINTER TRAVEL
FROM THE EAST
Cold Weather Is Driving
Hundreds of People
to\ California.
Local Hotels Are Crowded
and Many Other Visitors
Are Coming.
Visitors are daily arriving In large num
bers from the East and the winter travel
this year promises to be the heaviest in
the annals of railroad history on the coast.
There Is quite a fight going: on between the
lines running to Florida and those run
ning to California and the officers of the
competing systems are making elaborate
arrangements for the comfort of those
who are fleeing from the rigid weather
of the East.
California is at present in the lead, as
it is the most popular objective polnffor
the travelers. Coronado and Del Monte
expect to do a thriving winter business
and the hotels in this city are already
crowded with Eastern visitors.
Hundreds of thousands of dollars have
been spent by the Santa Fe and the
Southern Pacific Company in an attempt
to corner the travel. E. O. McCormick,
passenger traffic manager of the South
ern Pacific, has been working night and
day covering every detail, -while George
Nicholson, who holds the same position
with the Santa Fe and makes his head
quarters in Chicago, has put on special
trains to attract travel to the road he
represents.
' The Southern Pacific since the first of
the month has been running seven over
land trains daily into this city. Two of
these are over the Sunset, three over the
Ogden and two over the Shasta route.
The Santa Fe has in service one of the
finest trains in the world. It Is made up
exclusively of sleeping caxs and private
coaches are not allowed to be attached to
the train.
The homeseekers' rate, which goes into
effect in the early spring, will not be de
cided upon until the next meeting of the
Transcontinental Passenger Association,
to be held In New Orleans the early part
of next month. The Southern Pacific
hauled over thirty thousand homeseekers
to the coast last year and the corporation
is anxious to have the low rate renewed.
Pardee Still in Jail.
S. C. Pardee, ex-clubman, appeared in
Judge Mogan's court yesterday to answer
to two additional charges of . obtaining
money by false pretenses, prefererd by
Jesse Colman and Eugene Korn. The
cases were continued till December 9.
Pardee was booked on another charge
yesterday, the complaining witness being
C. H. Rehnstrom, tailor, Phelan building.
The prisoner has his meals sent to him in
prison and some friends sent him a box of
cigars yesterday.
Pardee's troubles are rapidly increasing.
A suit was filed against him yesterday by
the Fidelity and Casualty Company of
New York to recover $4199 26, which the
company claims they advanced to him.
Three Days of Devotion.
A triduum will be inaugurated at St.
Francis Church on Vallejo street thi3
morning. The Rev. John A. Crill of Oak
land will preach. The Rev. Father Horan
of St. Patrick's Church of this city will
preach on Sunday evening and the Rev.
Father Onesimus will preach on Sunday
night.
At the feast of the Immaculate Concep
tion next Sunday a number of aspirants
will be consecrated Children of Mary.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The blood is the source of
strength. If you are weak you
need a medicine to tone up your
stomach and make p'enty of rich
red blood. The medicine to do
this is Hostetter's-S:omach Bitters.
It will not shock the system and
it. cures indigestion, dyspapsia,
heartburn, be'ciiing: and ma-
laria, fever and ague. Try it,
also obtain a copy of Hostetter's
Almanac from your druggist.
HOSTETTER'S
STOMACH BITTERS
Morris Chaip $10.
Oak or Mahogany veneered— with *
velour cushions, fllled with silk k
floss. We furnish homes, flats. £
hotels and rooming houses com- B
• plete. "We have all the latest de- K
signs in furniture, carpets, cur- H
tains and draperies and will glad- rf
ly give you an estimate. g
Credit if you wish it, and freo t»
delivery within 150 miles of San rj
Francisco. s
We close at 6 except on Satur- K
day. 'i
T\ BRILLIANT I
FURNITURE CO. |
338-342 Post S treat
Opposite Union Square. j
For Stomach Disorders'
Gout and Dyspepsa
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkalinsj Water
22O BROADWAY. N. T.
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a Quarter of a centiiry.
-i.,.: ADVERTISEMENTS. — .
imARTEKS'
Positively cured by thc«o
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty,
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tonsrae. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They,
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
For an Evening Call
A man's linen should be immaculate.
Tour linen will be immaculate If you send
it to this laundry. "We do only first class
work, and when it comes to linen we'r*
far in the lead. Lots of people know this.
A trial of our work will convince you.
"We call for and deliver. . . ......
No saw edges. •
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Of fie* 1OO4 Market Stro*t.
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Off lc«— 54- San Pablo Ave.
LIMITED
i» CHICAGO
The maximum comfort
combined with highest speed
is secured on this celebrated ,
train.
It runs over the
dnlllH it.
;
Froin Saa Francisco, daily, 9 A. M I
I Ticket Office— 641 Market Street." I
Expert
Eye=Glass
Fitting
AT MODERATE COST.
The Ocularium.
nDTiriANS^ HICAPPAFWT to.
0HIIUAN3 p H0T 0u^ 5ci£NTinc
642 Market 5t. !nstrumsnts.
SJfOER CHRONICLE EVJI10IN&. CATALOGUE fR-t.
J^ "s. Rupture Cured.)
J& Th e celebrated Calif ornia In- 1
• rjr-j] Teator, Dr. Pierce. disroTered |
riSX mat the onlv remedy for Rup-
Ctvk-a tare is Electricity. »nd to pe*-
■TSvg tecting bia wonderful Electro-
y\£&7 Magnetic Truss and estab-
listing its sale throughout
jMtwxT SkiilNs?*^' the world, he gave to iuf-
V'V^€k*N^lF*"$5 f crcr3 fromthisdaageTOU«
calady th« relief and se-
enrity vainly sought for
1^' elsewhere. Thlsreno-wned
••\^i|£» appliance is radically dif-
ferent from all others and its action on the-
ruptured parta is quick and effective . Cu IZ*
accomplished by its ttse are numbered by th«
thousaud. If ruptured iirrestigate at once. Call
or send a 2-ccnt stamp for new ■ Booklet No. 1.
Address Magn«tic Truss Co.,1143 Broadway (near
26th St),Kew York, or 203 Post St.. SanTranclsco.
DR- HALL'S fiEINVIGORATORSHgS
Stops all losses in 24 hours. Flv» Mil Mil
hundred reward for any casa w» op"** KSftj
cannot cure. This secret remedy I __j!
cures Emissions. Impotency, c»H9 JpHd
Varicocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. nW* 9fifi\
Strictures. Drains. Lost Man- uUij titill
hoort and all other wasting e(- HJ?2|__W i
fects of self-abuse or excesses. t&*"l '"w*
Sent sealed. $2 bottle; I bottles, *3: guaranteed
to cure any case. Call or address orders
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. tSi Broad-
way, Oakland. Cal. Also for sal* at VKUSk
Market it.. 8. F. Send for free book.
& , aj
MARKET SLSf^S^
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlca LisU Mailed
on Application.
COAL. COKE AN i H1C1 I ROM.
I f TVH QftV fl^fO 90 ° Battery Street.
J> \i- W IL JXJA CT U/-> Telephone Main ISM.
FRBSri A.NJ SALT MEAT'S. ]
fAC FfiVF^/fCi) Shipping Butchers. 1M
JA.V LUIE3 (E bU- clay. Tel. Main 129*.
OILS. ""
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELU3,
418 Front st, S. F. Phone Main 1719.
— ______ _ ___
EC-hughes, magg;;;
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICES-JUDD CO..
23 First' street. San Frandaoa
78
ADVERTISEMENTS.
corrm«<r it« ■> tb« r*oCTu « gamble oo. emcwwTi.
A LESSON IN VALUES.
j-ggpjOLLAR for dollar, pound for pound, there is
"tji more in Ivory Soap than in any household
4g|p| soap. It is easy to find a cheap soap ; but
iHO to find purity and low price in a single soap
is not easy. They combine in Ivory Soap. You
can afford to use it in the laundry; you can not
afford not to use it elsewhere. It is vegetable-oil
soap, in the cheapest form in which it can be pro-
cured. You pay nothing for a fancy box, wrapper
or perfume. It is all in the soap! It floats.
ROBERT WILSON
IS ACQUITTED
Alleged Slayer of Mag
gie Hartwell Is Set
Free by Jury.
Robert G. Wilson, the ex-policeman ac
cused of killing Maggie Hartwell, a 13
year-old girl on the night of July 4, 1S01,
while she was playing with a lot of other
children near Wilson's home on Shipley
street, between Fourth and Fifth,
was acquitted by a jury in Judge Dunne's
court yesterday. The jury had been
locked up at the California Hotel from 11
a. m. Tuesday to 4 p. m. yesterday. The
verdict rendered was a complete surprise
to both the attorneys for the prosecution
and the defense, as it was thought that
some punishment would be meted out to
the aged prisoner.
Wilson admitted firing a shot at the
time that little Maggie was seen to fall,
but it could nGt be proved that the bullet
from his revolver was the one that killed
the young girl.
Wilson, who Is an old man. displayed
no emotion when the verdict was an
nounced. He shook hands with his law
yers, smiled and prepared to leave the
courtroom.
From one of the jurymen it was learned
that on the first ballot seven of them
voted for acquittal and five for conviction '
The vote stood at 7 to 5 for several hours
when three of those who first believed
him guilty changed their votes, making
l«™ en t r t 0^ 11181 an d two for convic
» J i! st before the jury left the rooms
at the hotel, prepared to announce that
they could not agree on a verdict, the two
m *K T h /? \y^ "guilty" switched, and
Robert G. Wilson was thus declared an
Innocent man.
U1TBEGISTEEED MEDICAL
MEN TO BE AERESTED
State Board of Examiners Has Con
sultation With the District
Attorney. -
The State Board of Medical Examiners
has decided to utart a crusade against all
unregistered practiccrs of medicine as
the number is increasing to alarming
proportions. Spasmodic efforts have been
made in this direction in the past buc
ssritsfsftsi e evn rt wm * ma^ e to
*,Tt h !i P Istrict Attorne y has been con
sulted by the members of the board and
has advised them that the law Is plain
hnwc° one , ca . n legally practice medicine
unless regularly registered as a practi
tioner according to the statute: The
a K d . me ° lb , er s intimated that they would
probably take definite action in a day or
two. after they had procured a list cf
those who were violating the law.
Teacher Zimmerman Secures a Writ.
u llliam Zimmerman, teacher of Ger
man at the Polytechnic High School,
against whom Principal Bush preferred
charges, applied to the Superior Court
yesterday for an Injunction restraining
the Board of Education from trying him
He claims that the charge of "failing to
preserve discipline" preferred against
him by Bush is not sufficient for a cause
Ji^» a^ e T a vT' e w , rit> £ etur nable before
& by Judge U DSn y n e DeCember 2 °' Was
Tax on Capital Stock.
The suit instituted by Delia J F "Wood
Ethel VT. Crocker, W. H. Crocker and
Helen D. Woolworth, shareholders in the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank, against Tax
Collector Scott to test his authority to
colect the tax on capital stock of corpo
rations was called in Judge Cook's court
?hf t^ d f > /,«. Uoy i 1 ,?, nd Wood represented
the plaintiffs and City Attorney Lane th*
defendant. By consent the case was con
tirued for a week.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Cured Itching and
Protruding Piles.
Mr. Phil Owens of So. Omaha writes-
"After Buffering two years from an ag-
gravated case of itching and protruding
piles I was cured by a single 50-cent packt
&ee of the Pyrajnid Pile Cure purchased
from a local druggist." For sale by all
druggists. Little book. "Piles, Causes and
Cure." mailed free. Pyramid Drug Co.,
Marshall, Mich. ■ '
HEALTH BOARD
NAMES HASSLER
Succeeds Chalmers as
Chief Sanitary In
spector.
The Board of Health met last night
and appointed Dr. "William C. Hassler
from the civil service eligible list to suc
ceed Dr. William P. Chalmers. Hassler
received the unanimous vote of the five
members of the board, although Dr. A.
S. Keenan was nominated by Dr. Lewitt.
A scheme was concocted to secure tho
reappointment of Chalmers to the posi
tion, although he stood fifth on the eligi
ble list and was too low down to be
among the first three to be certified by
the Civil" Service Commission. When the
results of the examination were an
nounced there were five eligibles for the
position, which pays a salary of $150 per
month. They were William G. Hassler,
96.6 per cent; Alexander S. Keenan, D5.3;
F. H. Stahle, 94.5; W. L. Athey, i>5.3, and
William P. Chalmers, 82.7.
It was ascertained by the commission
that an understanding had been arrived
at by some of those who preceded Chal
mers on the list that they would with
draw in order that Chalmers might be
certified for the place and thns secure
reappointment. Keenan sent a letter to
the Civil Service Commission waiving
certification, but several days after ho
withdrew his request. Stahle is now em
ployed as a clerk in the Tax Collec
tor's office and elected to remain where
he is, and the commission acquiesced.
When the Board of Health made requi
sition for three eligibles the names of
Hassler, Keenan and Athey were certi
fied. Athey thereupon petitioned the
Civil Service Commission to waive certi
fication. This would have permitted the
certification of Chalmers as the third, to
gether with Hassler and Keenan, but the
commission denied Athey's petition and
Chalmers was thus crowded out.
Athey, with the evident desire of help
ing Cnalmers, thereupon sent a communi
cation to the Civil Service Commission
resigning from the list altogether. The
commission also held a meeting last
night, but postponed action on his re
quest until this afternoon. Its action will
not affect the result, however, as the
Health Board has already made the aD
pointment. v
MANY COUPLES APPLY
TO COXTETS FOR BELIEF
Mrs. Lillie Florine Friend Asks for
Divorce Because Her Husband
Is Cruel.
Lillie Florine Friend, wife of Welling
ton D. Friend, Is very sensitive and be
cause of that sensitiveness she is suing
for a divorce. Her husband, she says,
compelled her to live in a ' very small
room, thereby causing her great mental
anguish, and he added to her suffering,
she claims, by filling the room full of
tobacco smoke each evening after sup
per. He promised her a folding bed, says
Mrs. Friend, and because he failed to ful
fill his promise she suffered. great mental
torture. Another reason for "her great
mental anguish," says the plaintiff is
that her husband never Inquired after her
health, and one night he upset her nerves
by interrupting her mother in conversa
tion and asking her "what she was
squeaking about?"
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Elizabeth V. Berry from Charles M
Berry, for failure to provide, and Annie
Patten from Thomas J. Patten, for fail
ure to provide.
Mary Manning was granted a divorce
from Thomas Manning yesterday, for
cruelty. She was also awarded the cus
tody of three minor children. Manning
was arrested some time ago for almost
killing: his wife and child. He came
home drunk and threw a. lighted lamp at
his spouse. The lamp missed Mrs. Man
ning, but struck the child. The child's
clothes became ignited and the little one
was so badly burned about the face and
head that for a time her life was de
spaired of. . •
Divorces were also granted yesterday
to August Mingst from Carmen Mingst
for cruelty; Marguerite Zimmer from
Gilbert Zimmer, for desertion, and
Rudolph A. H. Von Meier from Lottie
Bowers Von Meier, for desertion
LAWYER HENEY MAKES
APOLOGY FOR INSULT
Circuit Court of Appeals Orders a
Scurrilous Affidavit Stricken
From the Files.
Francis J. Heney, one of the attorneys
for Judge A. H. Noyes in the contempt
proceedings, appeared Tuesday morning
before Judges Morrow and De Haven,
eitting as the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals, and apologized for having
filed on the previous day a wild and ram
bling of H. L. Blake, an irre
sponsible party, reflecting upon and In
sinuating Improper and unprofessional
conduct on the part of W. H. Metson, one
of the counsel in the Nome litigation
Heney stated that he had not been fully
advised of the contents of the affidavit
at <he time he placed it on file The
court thereupon made the followlng'order
"It appearing to the court that the am"
davit of H. L. Blake heretofore filed was
improperly and inadvertently placed of
record herein, therefore, upon motion of
Francis J. Heney, counsel for the re
spondent Arthur H. Noyes, it is orderprt
That said affidavit be stricken from t h«
files of this court, and the clerk is di
rected to return forthwith the original
and copies thereof to said counsel for de
struction."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1901.
SAYS HE WROTE
KERSHOW'S WILL
J. Morgan Smith Gives
Important Testimony )
for Proponent.
Counsel Become Excited and
Indulge in Bitter Insin
uations.
Attorney Tauszky, who represents Rhea
Gettinga, proponent of the will of Max
Kershow, announced ■ yesterday that he
would endeavor to prove that the de
ceased collegian enjoyed' moments when
he was free from the influence of intoxi
cants, that he had spells of sobriety that
lasted for weeks at a time, and that on
April 6, 1901, when. the will was executed
Kershow was sane. Tauszky also stated
that he would prove that J. Morgan
Smith was with Kershow April 5 and 6,
and that Smith drew up the disputed will
at the request of Kershow.
Tauszky said further that Kershow had
told several persons that he would pro
vide for Rhea Gettlngs, to whom he was
greatly attached. Tauszky said Kershow
did not think his brother needed any of
his estate, and left him $5000, merely all
a token of his brotherly regard.
"The will," said Attorney Tauszky,
"was quietly drafted by Smith be
cause Kershow did not desire to
be* annoyed, as would have been
the cage if his relatives and his fam
ily attorney, M. F. Michael, learned of
his intentions. The will was drawn up
on the evening of April 5, and Smith went
out to look for a second subscribing wiU
noss. He met A. J. Meadows, who was
one of several suggested by Kershow, and
arranged with him to visit the sick man's
room the next morning to witness the
signing of the docament." -
Says He Drew Up the Will.
Registrar Walsh was the first witness
called by the proponents. He brought
with i».m an attldavit of change of resi
dence signed by Kershow in May, L.-J.
It was placed in evidence for the purpose
of supplying the court with an authentic
signature of Kershow. It was identified
by Rhea Gettings, though strong objec
tions were made by the attorneys for the
contestants. *
Joseph Morgan Smith, who drew up
the will, was then placed on the witness
stand. He testified as follows:
"I first met Max Kershow at the Hol
land House, New York City, in the fall of
1898. I again met him in Chicago in De
cember of the same year, and the third
time I met him was at the Maison Riche
in this city in November, 1899. Both of
us were living there. We were very
friendly. Kershow drank a good deal, but
was sober half the time. I think I had
something to do with his taking the Hon
olulu trip. He was perfectly sane at that
time.
"Miss Gettings, who was with Max at
the Maison Riche, went with him. When
he returned from the islands our friend
ship was renewed and I spent a great
deal "of time in his company.
"I wrote the will at his request. On
the night of April 5 he called me and said
Morgie, get some writing paper. I want
to dictate something to you.' I complied
with his request, and he then told me
that he wanted his will drawn up. He
said he wanted the fact of his making it
kept absolutely secret, as he feared if his
relatives heard of it they would prevent
him from doing as he wanted, as they
had done, he said, 'many times during
his life.' 'I don't see why I should leave
my folks anything,' said Kershow.
-lhey have not done right by me.' "
"I drew several drafts of the will at his
dictation, and after he had dictated one
that suited him I copied it in ink.
"Max then spoke of the necessity of
having another witness' and named sev
eral acquaintances. He finally selected
A. J. Meadows, and I. went out to look
for him. I found Meadows, but he had
an appointment for that night and could
not come with me. He agreed to come
up to the room the next morning, and
when I told this to Kershow he said it
was satisfactory.
Attorneys Grow Wrathy.
"Meadows visited Kcrshow's rooms the
next morning and Max signed his name
to the document, .as did also Meadows
and myself as witnesses."
Smith told a straightforward story, and
much of his evidence was a direct con
tradiction of the evidence given by Alice
Kennedy, Kershow*s nurse, and a num
ber of other witnesses who testified on
behalf of the contestants.
Smith was cross-examined by Attorney
Rix for the contestants, but in the main
his testimony was unshaken./'
The cross-examination led to a war of
words between Lawyers Kowalsky and
Rix. Attorney Kowalsky interrupted
Rix in his questioning, and was told to
keep quiet by Rix, who said, "You can
have your witness to-night."
Kowalsky rose to his feet at tho re
mark and, addressing the court, said:
"Your Honor, I think we have in con
ducting this case refrained from dealing
in innuendo. And I might say we have
not attempted to bribe any witnesses"
•I brand any insinuation that we have
offered witnesses money as unqualifiedly
false,' shouted Rix "and," continuing,
he said, "Mr. Kowalsky, you know the
meaning of words."
■m" 1 £?•" f aid Henr y I. "and I say to
Mr. Rix that you are another, clear
through.'
The court took a hand in the proceed
t^. at tt* j « Unctui : e and Prevented a fur
ther exhibition of obstreperousnesa by
sto^pfd Gentlemen > st °P It," and they
MANY ATTEND FUNERAL
OF LATE WALTER MALLOY
Workmen Pay Last' Tribute to One
» • ■ Who Was Prominent in
the Order.
Hundreds of people filled the Ruby Hall
of the Red Men's building Tuesday after
noon to pay the last tribute, of respect to
the memory of the late Walter Malloy,
former, president of the Stere'otypers'
Union and a prominent member of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen. He
was a past master of Golden Gate Lodge
and at the time of his death secretary of
the San Francisco extension committee of
the order.
At the head of the casket were many
floral tributes.
As the pallbearers entered the hall,
bearing the casket, Rudolph Isenbruck,
master workman of Franklin Lodge, played
a solemn march on the organ, after which
the very impressive service of the order
was conducted by Past Master Martin
Glennon of Golden Gate Lodge, assisted by
the other . officers, a choir rendering ap
propriate music. Past Grand Master
Barnes, in a most touching address, dwelt
upon the life work of the deceased.
The remains were taken to Laurel Hill
for interment, and there the closing nor
tlon of the service was held. ■
Christmas number of Sunset Magazine
now out. Artistic pictures of California
and the West. Just the thing for East
ern friends. Published by Southern Pa
cific passenger department; for sale by
all news dealers. Contents; "The Cross
of Golden Gate" (poem), Charles s
Aiken; "Christmas in Mexico, the City of
Delights," J. "Torrey Connor; "Legend of
the Mission Dolores" (poem), Ella M
Sexton; "Luther Burbank — Man, Methods
and Achievements," Prof. ■ Edward J
Wickson; "Garden of the Willow-Pattern
Plate," Irene Connell; "The North Wind"
(poem), ■ Clarence Urmy; "Winter' at El
Monteclto" (poem), Harriet Winthrop
Waring; "Carnations by the Sea," Ednah
Robinson; "In the Drifts of the Dem
shar" (story), Warren Cheney; "The Tri
ennial Convention— A Retrospect," H
Robert Braden; Pasadena's Flower Fes
tival.- -, -. .'■•' ;.:■ :;• ■ - . . ■'
Sue for Heavy Damages.
• W. J. Davis and Sesa Davis, his wife,'
are suing the firm of ,M. J.' Branderstein
& Co. for $10,000 for damages for injuries
which they allege Mrs. Davis sustained
by tripping over an obstruction in front
of the defendant's place , of business on
Market street. By reason of her lniurlea
it is alleged that Mrs. Davis - will ' be a
cripple for life. The accident occurred
last October.--
LIBRARY SITE
TO BE SELECTED
Supervisors' Committee
Will Frame Report
To-Morrow.
Members of Mechanics' Insti
tute to Discuss Sale of
Pavilion.
Definite action is likely to be taken this
week in the matter of the proposed ac
quisition by the city of San Francisco of
the Mechanics' Pavilion property, for the
site of the Carnegie Public Library.
Although the municipal authorities and
the trustees of the Mechanics' Institute do
not agree as to the value of the : property,
it Is believed that a satisfactory arrange
ment Will shortly be effected. . -V
• The trustees of the Mechanics' Institute
ask $750,000 for the Pavilion property,
while the Beard of; Supervisors think
$65O,UOO Is sufficient. ..
The Committee on Judiciary and Public !
Utilities of the Board of Supervisors m'e"ets j
to-morrow afternoon at 2 o'clock and will
report upon the question to the board.
On Saturday night af 8 o'clock the quar
terly meeting of the members of the Me
chanics' Institute will be held and the sale
of the Pavilion property will be thor
oughly discussed. . :.
The sentiment among the majority • of
the members. of the Mechanics' Institute
is that the Pavilion site should bring ?750,- I
000 and should the city undertake to.ac- i
quire it by condemnation proceedings f or i
a less sum there is likely to be a legal
wrangle.
Bef use to Accept Experts' Report.
"When Andrew Carnegie offered a quar
ter of a million dollars to the people of
San Francisco for the erection of a pub- ,
lie library it. was upon condition that a
suitable site be furnished for the building, i
A number of -locations were mentioned '
and finally Mayor Phelan asked the trus- <
tees of the Mechanics' Institute If it
would donate or sell the Pavilion lot.:
The trustees replied that they would sell ;
and engaged three experts to value the
property.
The experts .reported that the site was
worth $600,000 and the improvements $50
000, but the trustees were not satisfied
with the report. The members of the in
stitute were adviffed by th» trustees not to
accept the figures of the experts, but to
offer the property to the city for $750,000. -
The majority of the trustees are of the
opinion that $750,000 should be paid for the
Pavilion site. The building cost $100,000
and the site was purchased in 1881 for
$175,000. The trustees think that as they
would have to wait for one year for their
money if the city buys the site that in
.terest ought to be allowed on the experts'
valuation. Then the trustees state that
their tenants on the Hayes-street side of
the Pavilion would vacate as soon as the
sale " was completed and the institute
would lose the rent. Another reason
given by the trustees for asking $750,000 is
that the validity of the proposed bonds to
buy the site will have to be passed upon
by the Supreme Court, and though the
sale might be perfected, the institute
would be unable to make contracts to rent
the Pavilion, as the uncertainty of the sit
uation would not allow them to guarantee
the contracts. ' .
Proceedings to Date,
■ The proceedings taken by the Board of
Supervisors to date are as follows:
On October 7 the trustees of the Mechanics,'
Institute offered the Pavilion property to the
city for $750.00p.
. On November 11 last the board allowed a
resolution to be filed to authorize the Board of
Public Works to file appraisements of value
,of the Mechanics' Pavilion Bite and the Fair
estate property, bounded by Powell, Sacra
mento. Mason and California, streets. The
resolution was approved on November 15.
On November 18 the Board n' Public Works
filed the appraisements with t j Board of Su
pervisors. The Mechanics' Pavilion site was
valued at $600,000 and the improvements at
$50,000. The Fair estate property was appraised
at $225,000.
The Board of Supervisors after considering
the report decided to purchase the Pavilion
property for $650,000. On November 25 a bill
was passed to print providing for the acquisi
tion of the property and the issuance of the
necessary bonds.
The City Attorney, however, rendered a de
cision that the- wording: of the bill was de
fective and the entire matter was sent back
to the Committee on Judiciary and Public Util
ities for a new bill to be drafted.
The report of the committee to be made
to-morrow afternoon is awaited with con
siderable interest by the members of the
Mechanics' Institute, who will themselves
take a hand in the matter on Saturday
night. ■
Knocked Down by a Wagon.
H. C. Smith, a driver for the Pacific
Transfer Company, was seriously Injured
yesterday afternoon at the corner of Bush
and Jones streets. Smith was knockecj
down by a wacon and dragged a consid
erable distance. He received two lacer
ated woundb of *he the scalp and a possi
ble fracture of the skull. Smith resides
at 37 Washington avenue with his wife
and family.
GILLIG ESTATE APPRAISKD.— The estate
of John Gillig has been appraised at $44,480.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
KIDNEY JROUBLES:]
Mrs. Louise M. Gibson Says
That This Fatal Disease is
Easily Cured by lydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Coin-
pound. ■
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — I felt very
discouraged two years ago, I had suf-
fered so lon^ with kidney troubles and
other complications, and had taken so
much medicine without relief that I
began to think there was no hope for
me. Life looked, so good to me, but
what is life without health ? I wanted
to be well. . < ■
MBS. LOUISE M. GIBSON.
"Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound cured me and ma'de
me; well, . and that is why I gladly
write you this, and gladly thank you ;
six bottles 'was "all I took, together
with your Pills. My headache and
■backache and kidney trouble went,
never to return ; the burning sensation
I had left altogether ; , my general
health was bo improved I felt as young
and light and happy as at twenty."
— Mrs. Louis* ; GiBson, 4313 Langley
Ave.,' Chicago,' 111. — $SQOO forfeit if above
testimonial la not genuine.
;• you feel that there is anything at
all ' unusual : or * puzzling ; about your
case, or if you wish confidential advice
of the most experienced, write to Mrs.
Pinkham, Lynn, Mass. , and you will
be advised free of charge. Xydia E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound ;
has. cured and is curing thousands of
cases of female trouble." : : , ■ ~ • .'•.
- ADVERTISEMENTS. ,_.____ ._,._, . . ,. _,
wSBSbbSEbBm , B^BS M fCtr MB* ' J&af ffSSr v ' ■. ' - 1
j^Tgiwjp^MFiiltOyw y J3tiy™Tjiy ## JEEB^flBe^T| jnupM JB&WKr jWj^BW^^psfcfj^^y Bb^SOw WtlBBOOBBK^3^^A^Kj\ i ■■ ■ - t" •' > > I
psB»^BB33Bnjy .^^^^^^^f mEfS^B^^^SS^^Sw rSSS^f^f tj$sf£w mEekv^S w3ShK \ — *- *< ~'p- r ' i"\
COPYRIGHT \ 301. ** S«rAN/Vftli«yjfcQ3 .
KEEPING WATCH
ON THE TREES
CaliforDia Water and
Forest Association
to Meet.
Members of the California Water and
Fcrest Association will come together for
their annual meeting In the Maple Room
of the Palace Hotel on December 20. .The
programme as determined upon will in
clude reports, of officers, election of offi
cers and other business connected with
association affairs.
Resolutions on the following subject
matters will be considered:
Requesting President Roosevelt to visit the
State of California.
Regarding the policy of leasing- the public
lands in the arid and semi-arid States and
Territories west of the Missouri River in lar^e
quantities for cattle ranges, and the effect of
such policy upon the irrigation of the irrigable
lands In that region and upon the ultimate
settlement and development of the country.
Favoring Federal supervision of a true for
eitry policy relating to both Government and
private lands in the State of California.
Leading to a consideration of the expediency
of appealing to State legislation in the interest
of the preservation of the forested areas of
California by the application of scientific prin
ciples to the removal of ripened timber and the
preservation of growing timber.
Reiterating the necessity of an increase In
the forest reservations of the State, especially
at the headwaters of our principal streams.
Reiterating: the advisability of an appro
priation by the State to be expended In col
laboration with the United States Geological
Survey and Irrigation Investigations of the
Department of Agriculture.
Consideration of the report of the
United States Irrigation Commission will
be had and resolutions relating thereto
will bo adopted.
On December 20, at 8 p. m., there will
be a public meeting for the purpose of
hearing addresses on subjects of interest
to the members of the association, a3 fol
lows: , ,
Professor J. M. Wilson on "Results of Irri
gation Investigation," illustrated by lantern
slides; S. E. Klefer on "Extent of the Destruc
tion of Our Forests and the Remedies There
for," and other addresses to be hereafter de
termined.
HUSBAND ASKS COUET
TO PUNISH HIS WIFE
Claims She Refused to Let Him
Take His Son Out for Becre
ation.
The .troubles of the Grays, Madge and
George E., which have been exploited In
the divorce courts many . times, did not
end when Mrs. Gray secured a decree of
divorce. Mrs. Gray was awarded the
custody of their son, Harry Gray, and
she agreed that on certain days her hus
band should have the privilege of taking
the little fellow out for recreation. It now
develops that she has failed to keep her
agreement and her husband petitioned
yesterday for a citation directing her to
appear and show cause why she should
not be punished for contempt of court.
An article appeared in The Call Novem
ber 28 in regard to the Mission Foundry
Akfords Bros.: that shop has always been
a fair shop and is now running nine hours
with ten hoursVpay. Herbert Matthews
Secretary Iron Molders' Union. •
Knowlton Loses Again.
Joseph Knowlton. formerly cashier of
the St. Nicholas Hotel, who is accused
of appropriating the runda of the cara
vansary to his own use, failed for the
second time yesterday ; to escape trial in
this city. Judge Seawell decided some
time ago that the Police courts of this
city had jurisdiction over the case and
Knowlton appealed to the Supreme Cou?t.
Pending the appear he sought to escape
trial by a technicality. Judge Soawell
held in his decision yestefdayftha : to* de
cide in favor of Knowlton would onen
the way for continued defeat and delay
of justice.
PEESIDENT ROOSEVELT
; ASKED TO INTERCEDE
Transvaal League Calls His Atten
tion to the Case of an Impris
oned Physician.
At a meeting of the Transvaal League
of California held last night in the Par
rott building Secretary Theodore Pinther
was directed to send the following tele
gram to President Roosevelt in behalf cf
Dr. R. S. Anthony of this city, who is
being tried for high treason in South Af
rica:
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 4. 1901.
To His Excellency the President of the Unit
ed States. Washington. D. C: California
Transvaal League respectfully submits that an
American citizen. Dr. R. S. Anthony, gradu
ate of the University of California, arrested
for high treason and being subjected to inhu
man treatment at Cradock, Cape Colony.
-We beg your Excellency that immediate
•teps be taken to prbtect his life and rights.
Wife's cablegram from nere to South Africa
unanswered.
Found Asphyxiated in His Boom.
A young man who is said to be J. Fer
guson, a recent arrival from Kansas, was
found In an unconscious condition in a
room at 904 Van Nes3 avenue yesterday
afternoon. The gas jet in the room was
turned on and as the windows were tight
ly closed it is supposed mat he contem
plated suicide. The surgeons who attend
ed him at the Emergency Hospital, where
he was taken for treatment, believe that
he will recover.
Fired Four Shots at Teamster.
George Bracken was arrested yesterday
by Officers H. Hynes and J. N. Morrisey
and charged at the Southern station with
assault to murder. The complaining wit
ness Is R. T. Pettit, a driver in the em
ploy of the Standard OH Company. Pet
tit alleges that yesterday morning Brack
en met him on Brannan street and after
accusing him of being a scab and hurl
ing vile epithets at him, drew a revolver
and fired four shots at him, none of
which took effect.
WILL FILED FOR PROBATE.-Hannah
Weiler, widow of Alfred I. Weller, who died
at Billings, Mont.. November 21, 1901, petitioned
the Superior Court yesterday to probate the
will o£ her late husband, who left an estate
valued at $40,000. Wetler v;as a member of
the wholesale liquor firm of Felix Coblentz
& Co.
w^.^^u'^^. "
,E VE^p^^^^j ■ HAVE" IT; '
yJl^^^g^lS'^ii^?^ y°«#«fh B on!y iS£i i only £>
force that jots with it. ttff fire ol th. iS. J™' V"* a $ "I lire you hnc youth and III tlKj
and all the sparkling vital tfol'vouth r«r^ d . bv 2*&m2 ind neglect, can tie rekindled.
DR. McLAUGH2^ V £f|?TRI^BELT
hand of time for men who have EjS&tfr £3? d( S forcc of v «a"™? energy^iTd^urns bacl^hc
letters from these men who have foSd £I^°V^ ro^ do *ffi^ ccb!e^ T ou 0^ ht t lo if^T? ,
has begun to think that his ra« B ma 8? mT^m m^ T^arTtull otfjtepe to the Aan'wjio
Theyjre sent with his SB ferii^WiTl^i'W 0^. " y °" '* —'
Are you a weak man> Hiv^ *~2Jl2S$>Jt!™£PK free. sealedTby mail. ' *^
cure you. J It will restore streiwth t^ u a pain an * wfi erc a If so Dr. McLaughSn's Electric Belt wilt
cause of all pains. Call and sec it if° « y organ of the bodv - lts Me-giving current removes the
? ""■■.'. r- - ~^Myou.can, pr^et th? book— both free.
Hi* M r Mr»I n ««.!•!: 702 Market -St. (at Lotta Fountain), ten
1/1 • ill* Va irlCL/HlPhlf 11 Fran ctsco. Office hours, S a. m. to 8:30 p.
wi illVJUUU^Hll 11 a [vo.; Sundays.: 10 to L Never sold by agents
'or drug stores.
STRIKES VICTIM
WITH A HATCHET
Footpad Murderously
; Attacks C. Johnson,
Laborer.
Charles Johnson, a laborer on the
water front who lives at 9 Flint alley, off
Vallejo street and between Sansoxne and
B.-ittery. was held up by two men about
1 o'clock yesterday morning at Broadway
and Sansome streets while on his way
home. They robbed him o£ $3 and a
watch chain.
Johnson had just reached the corner
when a man stepped out of the darkness
and threw an arm around his neck, try
ing to choke him. Another footpad took
the money out of his pocket and grabbed
his watch chain. He struggled with the
robber who was choking him and bom
fell to the ground. While the two men.
were down the second robber strucic
Johnjon on the head several times with
a Iiatchet.
Policeman J. B. Cavanaugh was at
tracted to the scene by Johnson's crtea
for help, but by the time he reached
there the robbers had disappeared. John
son said he could not recognize them
again, owing to the darkness. He was
sent to the Receiving Hospital, where
three scalp ■wounds on hia head w«ra
stitched and dressed.
Additions to Memorial Fund.
The following additional subscriptions'
to the McKinley memorial fund have
been received: Employes of the post
office, 5171 50; W. W. Montague, $25:
"Bulletin" list. $105 90; Hibernia Bank
list, $2 75; Thomas Day & Co., $25; A. W.
Smith, $10; G. A. Merrill. $5; Joseph W.
Hooker. $1; cash, 65 cents; O, X. Wood
ward, $1; previously reported, $28,049 61;
total to date, $28,337 52.
WILLIAM GILCHRIST HONORED.—Wil
liam Gilchrist, deputy internal revenue col
lector In the ofnee of - Collector Lynch, was
elected last Tuesday night worshipful master
of Oriental Lodge No. 144, F. and A JLSENDS PETITIONS
TO WASHINGTON
Hints to Budd, Phelan,
Truxton Beale and
Others.
Excluded Speech of Orator
Shortridge May Be
Forwarded.
Politicians of both parties consider that
the message of President Roosevelt rec
oismendinsr the re-enactment of the Chi
nese exclusion law practically settles that
Question. When the fact Is taken into ac
count that both houses of Congress are al
most unanimous in their support of the
President on this proposition it can be
readily seen that the Congressional dele
gation chosen to represent the people of
California in the Senate and House of
Representatives can easily promote the
legislation desired without the assistance
of an outside committee.
There Is grave danger that the visiting
committeemen recently appointed by
Thomas J. Geary to go to Washington
and enlighten Congress might display
more zeal in politics than judgment in
legislation and thus obstruct rather than
advance the cause of exclusion. The rep
resentatives elected by the people are re
sponsible to the people and their able ef-
Xorta to protect the industrial forces of
the State from the unfair competition of
Asia should not be hampered by too
many outside suggestions. The right of
petition, however, ie guaranteed by' the
constitution and if ex-Governor Budd,
ilayor Phelan and Truxton Beale desire
to jjo on record as unequivocally opposed
to the admission of Chinese they can dis
play a tine sense of the fitness of things by
signing a petition favoring the re-enact
ment of the exclusion law. Our delega
tion in Congress would doubtless present
the petition under the rules and the
prayer of the petition would be properly
placed on the record. Ex-Governor Budd,
who has been in Congress, knows that
this is the right way to proceed and
Mayor Phelan, who hopes to get there,
ought to be steered right. Letters supple
menting the petition and presenting in
logical detail all the objections, indus
trial and political, to foreign Immigra
tion of the Asiatic type could be written
to our Senators and Representatives.
Tlie Report Should Be Fair.
It is certainly in order to send to Con
gress printed reports of the proceedings
of the late exclusion convention. The re
port should be fairly made up. It should
embrace the speeches made by represent
atives of the Union Labor party as well
as those made by the orators of the Re
publican and Democratic parties re
spectively.
A high-minded sense of courtesy might
suggest the printing of the speech pre
pared by the Hon. Samuel M. Sbortridge,
which was excluded because the orator
was persona con grata to the pro
grammers of the convention. Mr. Short
ridge, it is explained, was excluded from
the orators* zone because he happened to
have a Chinese client, but the true cause
of the exclusion was rank Jealousy. None
of the programmed speakers could match
him for eloquence of language or state
liness of gesture. Therefore he was turned
down and not permitted to speak.
Great Seal for Shortridge.
Indeed, it would be a graceful and pa
triotic act on the part of the printing
committee to embrace Mr. Shortridge' s
excluded speech in the volume of anti-
Chinese literature and send the same to
Washington along with the Budd-Phelan-
Beale petition. Governor Gage,, who is
makinp promiscuous use of the great seal
of the State, might countersign the Short
ridge excluded speech with one of the
seals. In -the late' municipal campaign
Shortridge. in sentences lofty and inspir
ing, pictured the glorious achievements
of Gage's administration of State affairs,
and it would not be out of place now for
the Governor to reach out and lend Sam
a great seal even if it resembled a gold
brick.
Internal Revenue Collectorship.
Dispatches from Washington represent
that Senators Perkins and Bard have in
troduced to the President the subject of
the collectorship of internal revenue.
First District of California. Senator Bard
recommends the appointment of Stephen
Kelly of San Bernardino. Senator Per
kins, it appears, expresses a desire for
the retention of John C. Lynch. The
story ccmes that President Roosevelt
pointedly told Pertcins to see hlfe col
leajrue and come to an agreement, indi
cating by his manner and language that
if the Senators failed to agree he would
settle the dispute by appointing a man
of his own selection. The President is
known to be a master in the art of ter
minatir.sr controversies. When he was
Asristant Secretary of the Navy, and
acting for the Secretary in the latter's
absence, the California delegation got
into a dispute concerning an appointment
in that department. Mr. Roosevelt listen
ed patiently for a time, but at lenjrth be
pran to show signs of irritation. Finally
he said to the contestants: "If 'you do
not settle this affair within one week I
will make the appointment."
Aged Carpenter Kills Himself.
John J. Vanderlip, an aged carpenter,'
who has been mentally deranged since
ho was injured In the Tesla coal yard
some time ago. fired a bullet Into his
brain lar.t night at his home, 215 Kent
avenue, and died instantly. The rela
tives of the dead man say that he has
been bent upon suicide for some time.
"WILL. HOLD A FESTIVAL..— The eemi-an
r.aal examination an<l Chanukah festival of the
Talmud Torah school will be held on Sunday
r*xt at the Fj-r.aKOKue on Miseion street, be
tween Fifth and Sixth.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— Brigadier General
Bell has Issued an order to the soldiers in
Northern Luzon forbidding them, under pain
of severe punishment by court-martial, to drink
the native "vino" spirits, which has been found
to produce insanity and incite to crime.
GEAPE-NUTS.
MEMORY FOOD.
A Case Where Memory Was Strength-
ened by Grape-Nuts.
Food that will actually help the mem-
ory as well as agree perfectly with a
delicate stomach is worth knowing of.
A good wife out Jn Alta, Iowa, who did
not know which way to turn to get food
that would agree with her husband, who
was left in a. weakened condition after a
eerious Illness and could scarcely retain
any food In his stomach, was one day
induced to try him on Grape-Nuts, the
famous ready-cooked breakfast food, and
from the first he began to improve rap-
idly. In three months he had gained 30
pounds.
She says that his stomach has recov-
ered so completely that he can now eat
any kind of food.
She mentions the boy of an intimate
acquaintance, who was 60 delicate and
thin that his appearance was pitiable and
he had no appetite for any ordinary food.
He was put on Grape-JCuts and liked the
crigpness and Eweetieh taste of the new
food and took to it. His Improvement
began at once and he Is now a healthy,
plump boy.
"I know that Grape-Nuts will do more
for weak stomachs than any medicine.
The claim that it will build up and
strengthen the brain has been proved to
my certain knowledge. Sister, who writes
for the press, and is compelled to mem-
orize a great deal, has been using Grape-
re -ts and says she is surprised at the re-
sult. There is a marked improvement In
her memory and the brain works more
perfectly and with better . results.
"Plea6« do not publish my name."
JCame can be given by the Postum Cereal
Co.. Ltd.. Battle Creek, Michigan. .
DE ANGELIS LEADS COMPANY
NEXT TO SHOW AT COLUMBIA
Celebrated Fitch Comedy Billed for California—Minnie
Seligman Season Follows Opera.
TO-NIGHT the Pollard Australian
Juvenile Opera Company will be
heard again in "A Gaiety Girl,"
tha merry • musical comedy that
was so much enjoyed during Its
two weeks" production at the beginning
of this company's season at the . Tivoll.
Next week the young people will present
"In Town," to be given for the first time
In this city. It is said to be a particu
larly bright and catchy musical comedy.
On the 16th the Tivoli Company returns
to present the new Christmas extrava
ganza, "Little Red Riding Hood."
Next week Jefferson de Angelis will ap
pear at the Columbia In "A Royal
Rogue." From De Angelis' previous of
ferings it may reasonably be | surmised
that "A Royal Rogue" is worth some
thing, he having been connected with a
number of comic opera successes of the
first rank. Charles Klein, author of the
book of "El Capitan," has furnished the
book of "A Royal Rogue," and the music
Is by W. T. Francis. De Angelis is, a
native of California, but has not been
here for some twenty years. -
"The Girl From Maxim's" is the pres
ent bill, and has neither wit. wisdom nor
any other quality requisite for reasonable
entertainment. •
To-morrow evening at the Grand Opera
house emotional drama will take the
place of grand opera, with Minnie Selig
man In "The Crust of Society." Miss
Seligman Is here for -a limited starring
engagement with the stock company of
the Grand Opera-house, and will appear
in a number of emotional roles during her
engagement.
"A Stranger in a Strange Land" Is find
ing many admirers at the California
Theater this week. On Sunday night an
engagement of particular interest begins,
in "The Cowboy and the Lady," the cele
brated comedy by Clyde Fitch. S. Miller
Kent, a romantic actor of repute, takes
the part of the cowboy, a role written for
Nat Goodwin, in which he appeared with
much success. It has a breezy" story, an
ingenious plot and a fund • of brilliant
humor, according to the press statements.
The advance sale opens this morning.
The Central has a successful attraction
in the favorite melodrama, "Streets of
New York," in which a big fire scene is
one of the chief features. Next week
"The Electrician" will be put on.
"An Enemy of the King." Robert
Stephens ' romantic drama, is finding
FIRES AT POLICE
WITH A SHOTGUN
Demented Man Locks
Himself in Cabin and
Shows Fight.
Zatario Simayini, a demented man,
caused a small sized war in Sutro forest
last night, which for a time looked as if
it would end in serious bloodshed. Slm
ayinf, who has been laboring around the
various quarry camps in that vicinity,
■went on a rampage and barricaded him
self, in a shack belonging to Jam*.s
Dernant, a mining man who Is prospect-
Ing on one of the side hills in the forest.
When Dernant tried to get into his cabin
Simayini fired the contents of 'a double
barreled shotgun at him. The aim of the
half-crazed man was very poor and the
leaden pellets went wide of their intend
ed mark. Dernant hastily fled from the
neighborhood and going to the nearest
telephone notified the police.
Lieutenant Price and a posse were de
tailed to go out and subdue the man with
the shotgun. When they arrived upon
the scene the real trouble began. The
police approached the shack and ordered
Simayini to open the door. He replied
by firing another load of buckshot
through the door. While he was reload
ing his gun the officers tried to break
down the door, but were unsuccessful.
Simayini remained behind the barricaded
door and fired three more shots at tha
officers.
Finally Sergeant Price's posse broke in
the door and. Officer Taylor jumped into
the room and sprang upon Simayini. [n
the struggle which ensued for possession
of the shotgun Taylor found it necessary
to rap Simayini on the head several
times with his club. He was finally over
powered and taken to the hospital, where
his wounds were dressed. Later he was
removed to the City Hall Prison, where
he was booked on a charge of assault
with intent to commit murder.
POLICE THINK BANK
IS BEING E0BEED
defective Wires Sound Oakland
Urfcn Savings Bank Burglar
Alarm.
OAKLAND, Dec. 4.— A defective, elec
trical apparatus in the Union Savings
Bark, corner of Ninth street and Broad
way, gave the police a scare shortly be
fore midnight to-night. The burglar
alarm connecting police headquarters
with the bank rang in and Chief of Po
lice Hodgkins and Captain Peterson re
sponded. An investigation nbowed that
the false alarm was due to U defective
wire connecting with the paying teller's
desk. . .V: ;"
.'•■■.
THE SAN FKANOISCO CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1901.
favor with Alcazar audiences. It is the
first time "An Enemy of the King" has
been presented at popular prices, and
large houses have taken advantage of
the fact. The play is well presented, well
staged, well costumed and furnishes good
entertainment, "Christopher Jr." will
follow.
* • ♦
Dumond's Parisian Minstrels, among
the most truly musical folk of the vaude-
FIRES TO SAVE
HIS OWN LIFE
Faro Dealer in Baker
City Kills Man Who
Attacked Him.
BAKER CITY, Or., Dec. i.— George
Biles, a well known character in this city,
was shot and killed early this morning in
the Log Cabin saloon by David Staley,
a faro dealer. Staley was dealing the
game, when one of the players became
insulting and Staley ordered him to leave.
He refused to go and Staley arose to
eject him, when Biles, who was sitting
at the table, but not playing, interfered.
Staley told Biles to mind his own busi
ness. Biles arose with an oath, saying:
"I'll go and get heeled and get you."
Staley called another man to deal and
went- out into the saloon. Biles returned
about ten minutes later, armed with a
long knife, and started for Staley. When
about ten feet away Staley took up a
shotgun and shot Biles in the left breast.
Biles walked about ten feet and fell
dead.
Staley was arrested and placed In the
County Jail. The Coroner's jury to-day
returned a verdict justifying the killing
on the ground of self-defense.
CHIEF COUNSEL HEKBIN
LEAVES FOE NEW YORK
Goes Bast to Receive Orders as to His
Duties by President Har
riman.
William F. Herrln, chief counsel of the
Southern Pacific Company, left for New
York last evening. Julius Kruttschnltt
is still in New York, and it is supposed
that Herrin is to receive orders in re
gard to his duties in the future.
Kruttschnltt and Herrin never were
friendly, as the former always thought
Herrin mingled a great deal too much in
politics. It is supposed that Kruttschnitt
made a complaint to Harriman and said
that if he was to be his representative
in San Francisco he would like Herrin
to thoroughly understand* his position.
After Charles M. Hays retired it was
thought that Herrin had gained a vic
tory and that he would be the local-rep
resentative of. the Southern Pacific. This,
however, did not happen to be the case.
Kruttschnitt held on and was soon ap
pointed Harriman's assistant. It is ru
mored that he received the responsible
post through the influence of J. Pierpont
Morgan, whom he met here during Mor
gan's recent visit to the coast, and who
on his return to New York told Harri
man that Kruttschnitt was a most com
petent railroad man.
What Herrin's orders will be is causing
all sorts of conjectures, and his return to
San Francisco Is eagerly awaited. '
STARS WHO WILL APPEAR
*"■ HERE IN THE NEAR FU
TURE.
vllle stage, are at the Orpheum this
week. The entertainment is of high class
character throughout, and they are great
favorites with the audiences. Others are
La Tortajada, who continues to please;
the Onllow trio in their thrilling perform
ance; Taglioie, a charming dancer; a
very clever animal act by Goleman's cats
and dogs; Andy Lewis and company in
a clever sketch, and Werden and Shep
herd in ballad illustrations. The Kauf
mann family are in their last week. Their
bicycle act Is immense.
Charity Martin is the star of the week
at Fischer's, and others responsible for
the pleasant entertainment are John Des
mond, the four Lerners, Blanche Rey
nolds, Ben Lucier, Dunning and Grimm,
Oro. Bernard and Oro, and Hinrichs' Or
chestra.
It is amateur night at the Chutes and
Zoo to-night; with a "ladies' bricklaying
contest" as the attraction extraordinary.
The moving pictures include one of the
San Rafael.
The sale of seats for the symphony con
certs to be given under the auspices of
the San Francisco Symphony Society is
progressing briskly and shows consider
able improvement over the sale of seats
for the last season. The first concert, to
take place at the Grand Opera-house on
Friday afternoon, December 13, will have
a most interesting and varied programme,
and should be greeted by a crowded
house. The rehearsals are progressing
very favorably, and Mr.' Steindprff is de.
lighted with the work done by the or
chestra. The sale of subscription tickets
will continue until the end of the week at
Sherman & Clay's music store, and next
Tuesday the sale of single seats will be
gin.
Swagger Train.
Sunset Limited will'make Its first trip
for New Orleans and New York Decem
ber 6, leaving San Francisco tri-weekly
thereafter via the picturesque coast divis
ion through San Jose and Santa Barbara.
Service and equipment will be of highest
standard and calculated to merit the best
patronage.
Will Beappoint a Postmaster.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— The President
and Postmaster General Smith held a
conference to-day, at which it was de
cided to reappoint Cornelius Van Cott
Postmaster at New York.
Kohler & Chase, Established 1850;
OUR
HOLIDAY
V ON ALL
■unui
All pianos' bought at the reduced holiday prices bear the
Kohler & Chase Guarantee as well as that of the maker. Do
you realize allthat means?
<\ And every instrument in our house is surject to a bona-
fide reduction of from , ,
$25.00 to $75.00.
Early selections are best for you,"and we'll reserve th2
pi."no til! Xmas.
X ' " !
K'NABBrtGENTS.
HEADQUARTERS 26"30 OTaffeH St., SANFRAACtSCO
CALVE APPEARS
IN BIZET OPERA
Mme. Gadski Will Sing
Farewell To-Day at
Matinee. , .
Eames and Sembrich Appear
This Evening and End
the Season.
BY BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
The third Calve "Carmen" was given
last night at the Grand Opera-house, and
the immense audience found the singer
in yet another mood than on the previous
occasions. She had acquired somewhere
another cold, and sang all evening under
the cruellest difficulty. The capricious
Calve showed here a heroism that cannot
be too much admired, though the strain
on the sympathetic listener was almost
as severe as upon the brave singer. Those
hearing her last night got only the faint
est conception of the lovely voice, except
in the third act, where it came out with
something of its rich and rare beauty.
Neither was she at all herself otherwise—
naturally enough — though there were
flashes of the brilliant genius that have
before delighted in the part.
» She varied the detail of the role just as
before, with a matchless dramatic in
stinct, but the . performance as a whole
lacked fire, spirit and the magnificent
verve that only those who have seen her
Santuzza know her to possess in such
marvelous degree. It is a thousand shames
that this should have so happened. Tho
house that welcomed the singer was not
surpassed in numbers by any of the pre
ceding ones of the season— an audience,
too, friendly, alert and prepared for ad
miration to its last unit. But the people
showed their sympathy with the singer
in friendliest fashion, applauding her to
the echo after each effort, and Calve de
served every note of applause that she
got. But they did not hear the Calve of
last Monday night, the vivid, gorgeous,
palpitant creature gifted vocally beyond
dreams, and acting' as no other actress
than Bernhardt has acted here. It is a
pity all round, for Calve and her audi
ence. She leaves for the East to-morrow.
The good wishes of every one who heard
her heroic effort of last night will go with
her, but such a strain as the singer sub
jected herself to is likely to leave its mark
for many silent weeks. One can only hope
not. •
Suzanne Adams came out strongly in
the part of Micaela,. The young Ameri
can is steadily improving in her work.
She is more plastic, freer and in every
sense broader than last year, and her
Micaela is among her most satisfying ef
forts. Salignac's Don Jose was full of
fire— and tremolo, and Scottl"^ Escamillo
p)eases mildly, I cannot understand how
so accomplished and temperamental a
singer contrives to strain out of his con
ception of the toreador's role so much of
his characteristic spirit. Declery, as be
fore, was a wobbly Zuniga, and Gilibert,
Reiss, Miss Bauermeister and Mme. Van
Cauteren filled acceptably the remainder
of the cast. Flon conducted.
CALVE WI1TS MUCH SYMPATHY.
Diva Is Distressed During Her Fare
well Performance.
Calve, the famous songstress, is indeed
the victim of ill fortune. Last night, when
she made her farewell in "Carmen," the
Grand Opera-house was packed to the
very door3 and the diva unfortunately
was suffering from a relapse of the cold
that has played havoc with her voice.
■ Yet last week when she sang in "Caval
leria Rusticana" and gave a thrilling per
formance there was a "beggarly array of
empty seats" to greet her eyes.
The audience last night was as big as
the one that witnessed the performance
of "Le Nozzi di Figaro" last Monday af
ternoon, and dozens of men and women
were content to listen to the opera from
positions outside the swinging doors to
the theater.
When Calve first appeared it was no
ticed by all present that she was suffer
ing from a cold, and she repeatedly
coughed. She seemed in great distress,
and appealed mutely to the audience at
the end of her first song.
The response was one of sympathy.
From all over the theater came shouts of
applause that nerved the diva to her ar
duous task. She finished the act and was
recalled many times. Then a representa
tive of Manager Grau appeared before the
curtain and asked the indulgence of the
audience for Calve, who was singing in
order not to disappoint those 'who had
come to the theater.
Of course the indulgence was given In
California's well known style, and Calve
at times displayed some of the remarkable
ability that has thrilled the capitals of the
old and new worlds. Flowers in number
were thrown on the stage for the diva
and Scotti, Suzanne Adams, Salignac and
the rest of the cast were given hearty ap
plause.
With the performance of "Tannhaus«r"
this afternoon and the repetition of "Le
Nozze di Figaro" to-night the brilliant
season of grand opera will come to an
end.
Madame Gadski, who has done superb
work during the season, will make h«r
farewell this afternoon and will be heard
with Reuss-Belce, Bridewell, Dippel,
Blass, Bars, Muhlmann, Viviani and Bis
pham. There is a big sale of seats for
the "Tannhauser" presentation.
To-night is sure to be a gala one, for
"Le Nozze di Figaro" has been the hit
of the season. Eames and Sembrich wilt
say adieu to-night and De Reszke, Fritzl
' ' NEWMA.1T & LEVINSO1T. " • . . _ 1
Holiday Goods
■ Now in Readiness
There is rare opportunity for gift selections in the Art
Department just now — because all the assortments are com- .
plete, and prompt chopsing is the wisest — most comfortable, for j
when the. rush and crush of the Christmas trade does set
in you* will riot be able to make such a selection as you can ■
now. We mention to-day a few favorite lines:
Art Pyrography
Burnt work on leather — the latest fashionable fad — particu-
larly suited for holiday gifts. We show an attractive collection
of these finished Burnt Leather articles, among'which are:
Pen Wipers 25c Blotters $1.25
Match Scratchers 25c Music Rolls 2.75
Shaving Paper Cases 90c Handkerchief Cases...... 3.50
Hairpin Boxes $l.Q0 Necktie Cases 3.50
Opera-Glass Bags 1.00 Sofa Cushions 5.00
Kodak Books 1.00 Collar and Cuff Boxes... 6.75
Handsome Embroidered
Sofa Cushions Art Linens
Our assortment is most com- A beautiful and well-selected
plete in artistically finished assortment of hand-embroid-
pillows— some exquisitely em- ered linens is now being shown
broidered by hand, others in both white and colored
hand painted. Must be seen embroidery — in Scarfs, Tea
to be appreciated. Prices Cloths, Center Pieces, Squares
range, $6.50, $8.50, $10.00, and Tray Sets. Prices from
$12.50 and up to $35.00. $3.25 upwards.
Special Sale — Foulard Silks
One thousand yards 23-inch Figured Foulards — that formerly
sold from 75c to $1.25 a yard— on sale to-day at
50c a yard
Fine Values in Table and Lounge Covers
Tapestry Table Covers, two Tapestry Couch Covers, 60
yards square, heavy and re- inches wide and 3 yards long, |
versible ; Oriental designs in in the prettiest of Oriental de-
choicestof colorings. Special signs; can be used on either side,
value at $2.50. Exceptional value at $3.25.
Boy's Sweaters $1.00 each
A special lot— Boy's Fancy Wool Sweaters. Two styles,
rolling and sailor collar ; all sizes — in colors — navy blue, royal
blue, cardinal and black; finished with pretty stripe. Price
while they last, $1.00 each.
Our Glove Orders
Make desirable and acceptable Christmas Gifts — and they are
easily purchased, too — for you don't have to know the color
or-size glove. The recipient makes her own selection — and if
gloves are not wanted, the order will be accepted at any
department in our store.
This store will remain open
Saturday Evening until 10 o'clock
== Kearny and Slitter Streets J
Scheff, Campanari, Taveccia and Du
frjche will be in the cast.
Van Dyck, the tenor, left for New York
yesterday. To-day Calve leaves for Kan
sas City, where she is to appear next
Monday in "Carmen." Suzanne Adani3
departs to-day for Chicago, where ahe is
to fill a concert engagement previous to
the New York opera season.
Manager Grau and his family depart
this morning for New York direct and
later on the impresario will go to Lon
don to arrange for the season of grand
onera to be given during the festivities
attending the coronation of King Edward
in June next.
Madame Eames will leave to-morrow
morning for Kansas City. The rest of
the organization, numbering 200, will de
part on a special train for Kansas City
after the performance to-night.
MATINEE TO-DAY
AND NIGHT BILL
END THE SEASON
AFTERNOON PERFORMANCE,
TANNHAUSER. .
BY WAGNER.
Elisabeth. .Mme. Gadski
Ein Hirt
Miss Carrie Bridewell
Venus
. .Mme. Louise Reuss-Belce
Tannhauser ;\ Mr. Dippel
Herman I... Mr. Blass
Walther ....Mr. Jacques Ears
Eeinrich Mr. Heiss
Biter olf ...... Mr. Muhlmann
Reinmar . . .Mr. Viviani
Wolfram Mr. Bispham
Conductor, Mr. Damrosch.
EVENING PERFORMANCE,
LE NOZZE DI FIGAEO.
BY MOZART.
La Contcssa
.Mme. Emma Eames
Cherubino..Miss Fritzi Scheff
Marcellina..Miss Bausrmeistsr
Susanna Mme. Ssmbrich
II Conte
....Mr. Edouard do Easzke
Bartolo Mr. Tavecchia
Antonio ...Mr. Dufriche
Basilio Mr. Keiss
3)on/Curzio Mr. Maestri
Figaro Mr. Campanari
Conductor, Mr. SeppillL
ASHTON STEVENS MABEIES
''MRS. ALEECE VAN BERGEN
Bride of the Dramatic Critic Is a
Half Sister of Gertrude
Atherton.
Ashton Stevens, well known locally as
a newspaper man and dramatic critic.
and Mrs. Aleece Van Bergen, daughter
of the late Mrs. Margaret Ulhorn. were*
married yesterday after a courtship that
has lasted auite a long time.
Mr. ■ Stevens' bride is a very beautiful
woman and has hosts of friends in thi3
city. She is a half sister of Gertrude
Atherton, the popular authoress. Tha
happy young couple left on their honey
moon shortly after the ceremony took
place.
NEW YORK. Dec. 4.— Phyla Akaraj Oradhar,
the Siamese Minister to the United States, ar
rived here to-day on the Oceanic.
BEAUTIFUL
—AT-
S. & G.
■ ;
CO.
The Latest European
Importations in
ijets on, Etc.
113 Geary Street,
Larger and Handsomer
Assortment Than Ever.
OPEN EV5N1NCS AFTER
DECEMBER llth.
910
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver higher. Exchange about the same.
Wlieat continues very. firm.
Barley stronger, .with an Eastern movement predicted.
Heavy transfers of Oats reported.
Corn and Rye, steady, but unchanged. .
Hay steadier under lighter receipts. Feedstuff s still weak.
Flax seed coming in heavily from the north. Beans dull.
Potatoes weak and Onions easier.
Large receipts of Poultry from the Western States.
Game in reduced receipt and firmer.
Fine Butter and Eggs less depressed. Cheese steady.
'Apples and Pears firm and Oranges and Limes weak.
Dealers report a normal demand for Dried Fruits.
Provisions advanced again at Chicago.
No further change in Cattle, Sheep, or Hogs.
Declining freights may affect Coal prices.
Moderate sales of local stocks and bonds.
New quotations for Candles.
Quicksilver Exports.
Shipments of quicksilver from this port by
eea 'during the month of .November were 350
flasks, valued at $15,750. making the total ship
ments since January 1 6208 flasks, valued at
$231,351.
Internal Revenue.
Receipts of Internal revenue In this district
during the month of November were as fol
lowe: Beer. $83,654; spirits, $92,039; tobacco, 1
524,064; documentary stamps. $18,373; pro
prietary stamps, $5539; miscellaneous. $21,081;
total collections, $244,750. against $293,905 dur
ing November, 1900. Since January 1 these
collections amount to $3,454,140, against $3,7ol,
£14 during the same period in 1900.
Exports cf Wine and Brandy.
Wine— Exports of wine from this port in
November were 115,736 gallons and 2652 cases
valued at $53,423, m-iking the total exports
eince January 1 4,869.521 gallons and H-,955
cases, valued at $1,757,151.
Brandy— Exports of brandy were very light
this month, being only 7 cases and 32 gallons,
valued at J86. The total exports since Janu
ary 1 were 49 cases and 4313 gallons, valued
at $4598.
Exports of Flour and Grain.
Floui^Exports of flour from this port dur
ing the month of November were 67.158 bbls,
valued at $204,593, against 10S.706 bbls, valued
at ?359,o53 In November, 1300. The total ex
ports since the first of the crop year, com
mencing July 1. were 520,228 bbls, valued zX
$1,582,763, against SG7.553 bbls. valued at $1,211.
iiS durins the sane period in 1S00.
Wheat— Exports of wheat during November
M-ere l,120,i;S2 ctls, valued at $1,142,492, against
642,228 ctls, valued at $664,C58, in November,
1S00. Since July 1 these exports to
3,048.766 ctls, valued at $3.C34,524. against
2.C19.S65 ctis, valued at J2,45O,SO0, from July 1
to December 1. 1900.
Barley— The exports of barley during No
vember were 73S,6ii ctls, valued at J670.09L
erainst 60,533 ctls, valued at $52,337, during
November, 1S00. From July 1 to December 1
the exports amount to 2,893.414 ctls, valued at
S2.ei6.6o9. against 1.355,800 ctls, valued at
W.7f3,H24, during the same period in 1200.
. Trade Outlook.
PROSPECTS AS "VIEWED IN WALL
STREET.
Vbe New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"Stock market speculate has been erratic
and uncertain. Some specialties scored fur
ther advances, while others reacted from high
tigures. and the entire market was more or
less adversely influenced by unfavorable de
velcpments connected with Amalgamated Cop
per. On the other hand, the remarkable
ctrength of the Vanderbilt shares and the be
lief that important steps were in progress
looking toward the consolidation of these prop
erties served as an important stimulant- Easy
money, cessation of gold exports and con
tinued good railroad earnings also served to
aid the manipulation lor higher prices.
Whether the present effort to create a bull
market will succeed or not we do not intend
to predict, there being much to be said on
both sides. With an abundant supply of loan
able lunds and continued prosperity. It may
he possible to carry the market to a higher
level considering that stocks are so highly
concentrated. No doubt' a strenuous effort will
be made to anticipate the January disburse
ments, which, will be very heavy and likely
10 aid such a movement. But. while it would
be folly to underrate the ability or the deter
mination of the big leaders to lift the market,
aid the fact that many conditions are in their
favor, it is also very necessary to remember
that circumstances are much . more contradic
tory than a year ago. Prices are already ex
ceedingly high, in niany cases the highest on
record. A number of stocks are selling not •
on what returns they do earn, but on what
returns they may earn, regardleEs of the fact
that the present wave of prosperity cannot
continue much longer without reaction. In
fact, it is a question whether prosperity has
not been nearly discounted. Money continues
very easy, partly owing to the return of funds
from the interior. Gold exports seem to have
l>een checked and the necessities of Europe
icaipcrarlly satisfied. A better supply of cot
ton bills also tended to check gold shipments.
London, however, is generally a seller on the
aMvancos in this marketand Europe Is neither
alile nor willing to enlarge its investments in
th'.s country. In view,, therefore, of the con
tinued shut-off in the supplies of gold from
Eouih Alrlca we are KtiU exposed to a demand
wm us for gold. Fortunately we are well
cble to supply this demand, so it need cause
no concern: only it is well to remember that
gold exports are net generally utilized aa hull
arguments. Our export trade continues to
chew ample trade balances, but exports hare
i:i several months fallen below last year's
heavy totals, and our Imports are steadily
rising. Adversity abroad and- prosperity at
home may seem very comforting, but such
conditions are not conducive to the large trade
tnalences which have been such a stimnlue
durine the last few years. In the present
f-ituatlon there is nrthing on which to build
any frri>at hope for higher prices. The latter
are already as hltrh as natural conditions war
rant, and, as said above, prosperity has been
amply discounted, while the effect of adverse
influences was warded off by artificial support
last summer. The market is still In very
powerful control; it is quite possible that .the
leaders, with unlimited resources behind them,
■with eary money and January disbursements
to come, and with the public imagination
easily fired by the great deals which are In
prepress, "tvjll be able to lift values to a etill
higher level. This will afford an excellent
baslft for trading; but we advise caution in
making purchases and (suggest profit-taking on
til pronounced rallies.
Weather Report.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Dec. 4-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
£ate, as compared with those of same date last
ceason. and rainfalls In last twenty-four hours:
Last This Last
Stations — .,- ; 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 02 13.03 15.41
Red Bluff 06 9.07 6.74
Facramento 16 E.S9 6.34
Fan Francisco 08 B.r.? 5.85
Fresno .'..Trace 2.09 - 5.10
Independence Cl 1.34 2. IS
Ran Luis Oblspo 00 4.44 9.94
Los Angeles 00 2.4* 6.79
San Diego CO .75 1.73
Ean Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
£9: minimum. E3; mean, 66.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern States:
Boston. S5-20; Cincinnati. 24-22; Washington,
4G-26; Jacksonville, 6S-4S; Kansas City. S6-26*
New York. 0S-2S; Omaha. 2S-22; Duluth, 20-8;
BaJt Lake City. 50-44; Chicago.. 20-24: St. Louis.
r*S-2S; Philadelphia. 4C-22.
THE COAST RECORD.
tTinoNfli b PI P| St. Sf §
: : : •. : o
Astoria, 30.03 48 42 SW Cloudy .24
Baker 30.14 42 36 NE Cloudy .04
tareon 30.04 E8 : 36 NW Cloudy .50
Eureka 30.16 .54 4.S ..... Cloudy .02
Fresno 30.08 66 52 NW Clear .00
Flagstaff 30.16 56 20 SW Clear .00
Pocatello, Idaho. ..30.12 44 40 Clear .56
Independence 29.96 66 34 SE Pt.CIdy .01
Los Angeles 30.04 68 48 W Cloudy .00
Phoenix 30.00*78 42 N Clear .00
Portland 30.12 48 42 S Cloudy .08
Red Bluff 80.14 66 60 N Cloudy .06
Roseburg 30.14 62 46 NW Cloudy .46
Sacramento 30.12 60 62 NW • Pt.CIdy .16
Salt Lake 30.12 50 44 N Clear .10
San Francisco 30.14 60 54 W • Clear .08
San Luis Obispo...30.10 70 52 N ' Clear .00
San Diego 30.00' 60 62 NW Cloudy .00
Seattle 30.10 46 42 S Cloudy .57
Spokane 30.12 46 38 SW Cloudy .03
Neah Bay : 44'
Walla Walla 30.14 50 42 E Clcudy .02
Winnemucca 30.06 48 42 S Cloudy .04
Yuma 29.S8 82 44 E Clear .00
Temperature— 7 a. m., 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy weather prevails from Cen
tral California northward and light rain has
fallen in the western portions of Washington
and Oregon. The pressure has risen rapidly
over the northern portion of the Pacific slope
and has fallen slightly along the central coast
of California.
The temperature has fallen In the Sacra
mento Valley and over Washington. Oregon
and Idaho.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. December 5, 1501:
Northern California— Cloudy in north por
tion, fair in south portion Thursday; probably
showers along the northwest coast; fresh west
wind.
Southern California— Fair Thursday, except
foggy along the coast at night; fresh west
wind.
Nevada— Cloudy Thursday; fresh southwest
wind. • . f
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Thursday; fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— The stock market open
ed with a firm tone to-day and gathered con
siderable strength during the course of the
day. The rise did not embrace the entire list,
however, and the exceptions to the strength
were among the very prominent stocks. One
stock or a group of stocks and then another
were taken up and lifted in price. The deal- j
ings in these active stocks were on a very !
large scale, but the aggregate of the day's !
dealings Indicates that the market was not I
very broad. The general sentiment among the
speculative community was one of satisfac
tion over the contents of the President's mes
sage and over t*-e tone of the comment on
that document in the press. The recommenda
tions of the Secretary of the Treasury look
ing to reform of the banking currency were
also viewed with satisfaction in the financial
district. The steadier tone of Amalgamated
<jopper removed an extremely disturbing in
fluence and was a potent factor, though a
negative one, in the strength of the market.
The trading continued to reflect hesitation,
while the course of this stock continued er
ratic, but when the firm support at about last
night's level was perceived the general tone of
the market became decidedly more confident.
The trading In Amalgamated Copper was still
on a very large scale. The stock nearly touch
ed the low record established yesterday for a
moment during the morning, but rallied
strongly during the latter part of the day and
closed with a net gain of 2%. The renewed
break in the London copper market was ig
nored. The fact that no engagements of gold
were made for export to-morrow served to re
lieve some apprehension that the money sup
plies would grow stringent by the drain to
that quarter. The banks have lost to the Sub-
Treasury this week upward of $5,000,000, Includ
ing the payments for the gold exported on
Tuesday. But the expected drafts for nearly
*4,ooo,ooo of Australian gold, of which the Sub-
Treasury was notified over a week ago, have
not yet been received. Application has al
ready been made for the withdrawal ofJ3,000,
000 of Government bonds on deposit to secure
national bank circulation, which is the maxi
mum allowed for the month. It Is evidently
intended to offer these bonds for redemption
The eagerness of the banks to withdraw these
bonds, and, in consequence, to reduce their
circulation, is evidence that the premium of
fered by the Government -for the redemption of
the bonds is the impelling motive rather than
the needs of the money market for additional
supplies. The monthly statement of the money
in circulation In the country by the Treasury
Department shows an increase of nearly
$3,000,000 during November, in spite of the
$18,C0O,CC0 of gold exports and a slight de
crease In the national bank circulation.
Anxiety over the money outlook was therefore
not in evidence to-day In spite of a deposit at
the .i^ b " TreafFUry for transfer to New Orleans
of $3aO,COO. The most notable points of strength
In the day's market were among the Gould
stocks, led by Manhattan, which rose an ex
treme 4%. This stock served as a leader. New
York Central was conspicuously strong, as was
Pennsylvania. General Electric rose 3%. There
wore many gains of 1 to 2 points in the South
westerns. Grand Trunk, coalers and indus
trials.. Notwithstanding the satisfaction pro
fessed over the "trust" paragraphs of the
President's message, 1 the transcontinental
stocks and United States Steel were laggards
in the advance. Great Northern preferred lost
l'/i and Northwest 6%, with a rally of 3 The
market closed slightly Irregular, but near the
top for many stocks.
Speculative bonds were strong, but there was
l5 r Si U n 1 ? n rity in the G ener al list. Total sales.
United States refunding 2s advanced % and
the 3s registered M per cent on the last call.
KEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks- Sales High Low Close
Atchison 16,800 80% 79% 79%
Atchison pfd 3.300 100% 100 100U
Baltimore & Ohio 7,600 105 104 104U
Baltimore & Ohio pfd..«- 100 96 . 96 95>|
Canadian Pacific 1,400 114>i 113% ■ 11414
Canada Southern 1,100 86% K!4 83%
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,900 49 48'4 «m
Chicago & Alton 2,000 36% 36 304
Chicago & Alton pfd.... ' 100 77% 77% 7714
Chicago, Ind & Louis... 709' 48 47% 4s
Chicago. Ind & Lou pfd 1.000 75 74M. 74U
Chicago & East Illinois. 1,800 138% 136% 138%
Chicago & Gt Western. 1,000 24% «iT 2454
Chicago & G W A pfd. 100 88 88 87Vi
Chicago & G W B pfd. 100 47 47 «u
Chicago & Northwestern 500 208 205 208
Chicago Rock Isd & Pac 10,000 151V J4714 131%
Chicago Term & Tran.. 1.400 33>4 is% js2
Chicago Term & T pfd. 2,400- 35% 33% 331!
C C C & St Louis 1,200 99 97% Wi
Colorado Southern 1,300 14% 14V4 1454
Colorado So 1st pfd 1,600 58% 58 ksv
Colorado So 2d pfd .... Sf 7 *
Delaware & Hudson...-.' 4,100 176% 175" 17c
Delaware Lack & West. 400 243 . 24» '41
Denver & Rio Grande :...' "45
i Denver & Ii G pfd 500 94H 94" <u
Erie '.... 9,900 '42% 4*74 4^
Erie lr,t pfd 2.500 73% 72% 7$
Erie 2d pfd 800 E8% ' ESK SJf
Great Northern pfd 1,100 190 190 isq{2
Hocking Valley ........ 1,000 64% fay. G2V
Hocking Valley pfd 1,200 82% 80S sm
Illinois Central 400 ' 13S% 13s?? iSii?
Iowa Central 600 38% 38 \ 28
Iowa Central pM „ *°
Lake Erie & Western.. 200 72H 72" 7*
Lake Erie & West pfd.. ,k.
Louisville & Nashville. 7,400 103% 108% lOKi.4
Manhattan L 115.800 144% 139% 14314
Metropolitan Street Ry. 5,800 167% 164% ikr
Mexican Central 300 24% 24% 2m
Mexican National. 1,900 1*% 14% 14^
Minneapolis & St Louis. ;..; ■ ..„ w>$
Missouri Pacific 17,200 103% 101*54 .103
Missouri Kans & Texas. 100 25% 25% 23%
THE SAN FBANCISCO. CALL, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 5, 1901.
Missouri Kns & Tex pfd 300 53 52% 52%
New Jersey Central 100 181 181 179%
New York Central 21,600 171% 16S% 170%
\ Norfolk & Western 7,900 59% 59% 59%
Norfolk & Western pfd 600 91% 91U 91
Isorthern Pacific pfd.... 700 100% 100% 100^4'
Ontario & Western 6,100 35% 35 35%
Pennsylvania 10,100 15U4 150 151%
Reading 25,200 50% 49% 50%
Reading 1st pfd 4,600 80% 79% 80
Reading 2d pfd.:.... 9,400 60% 59% 60
St Louis & San Fran.... 800 53 51% 52%
St Louis & S F 1st pfd 80%
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 600 71% 70% 71%
St Loui3 Southwestern.. 200 28% 28% 28
St L Southwestern pfd. 200 61) 59%" 59%
ft Paul 18,200 168% 16G% 167%
St Paul pfd 200 190 190 189
Southern Pacific 9,600 60T& 60% 60%
Southern Railway 3,600 34% 34 34
Southern Railway pfd.. 3,200 93% 93 93
Texas & Pacific 600 40% 40 ~ 40'
Toledo St L & West 100 19% 19% 19%
Toledo St L & West pfd .... 32%
Union Pacific 41,600 103% 102% 102%
Lnion Pacific pfd' 1,600 90% 89% K9H
Wabash 19,200 22% 21% 22%
Wabash pfd 14,400 41% 40% 41%
Wheeling & Lake Erie. 100 1S% ■ 1S% 1S%
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd 29
Wisconsin Central 200 21 20% 20T6
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 700 42% <2% 42%
I Express Companies-
Adams ...'. 190
American ■. 100 202 202 202
United States 100 92 : 92 91
Wells Fargo 100 199 199 190
Miscellaneous-
Amalgamated Copper... 102, 900 74% 71% 74%
American Car & Foun.. 1,700 29% 29 29
American C & F pfd.... 300 85% 85% S5%
American Smelt & Ref. 1,800- 44% 43% 44
American S & Ref pfd .... 96%
Anaconda Minlr.jr Co... 3,000 32- 30% 31%
Brooklyn Rapid Trans.. 24,200 65% 63% 65
Colorado Fuel & Iron.. 100 92% 92% 91U
Consolidated Gas 600 320 219 218%
General Electric 1,600 280 276 278
Glucose Sugar 700 40 40 39%
Hocking Ccal 300 . 18% 1S% 18%
International Paper .... 800 21% 20% 21%
International Paper pfd 1,800 78% 7G% 78%
International Power .... 400 91 89% 89%
Laclede Gas 100 94 94 93
National Biscuit 100 44% 42% 44%
StlSSasSt 1 .::::::::::..^ 18i4 18 * g*
National Salt pfd \ \\\\ 62
North American " 52
E acf 5 c ? oast 10 ° 77^ 77% 77
Pacific Moil 900 47% 46% 46%
People's Gas T. 6,800 100% 99% 100%
Pressed Steel Car 42%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 100 85% ,85% 85%
Pullman Palace Car .... 215
Republic Steel 200 16 16 15%
Republic Steel pfd > 400 69% 69% 69U
Sugar .\ 19,300 125% 123% 123%
Tennessee Ccal & Iron. 1,500 64% 64% 61
Un on Bag & Paper Co. 1,200 15% 15% 15%
Union Eag & P Co pfd. 800 75% 74% 75%
tmited States Leather.. 500 12% 12 12
United States Lea pfd. 800 82% 82% 82%
United States Rubber ?! 151*
United States Rub pfd . '" 52
United States Steel 13,400 43% 42% 42%
United States Steel pfd. 14,100 93% 93 , 92^
Western Union 400 91% 91% 91V4
Amer can Locomotive .. 10,400 33 32% t 32%
American Locom pfd... 3,800 89% 88% 89
Total shares sold 735,300
CLOSING BONDS. '
Vt I ref . 2 o s res 108^ L & N Uni 4s 102%
U S ref 2s coup. ..109 Mexican Cent 4s... 83%
U S 3s reg 108% Hex Cent 1st inc.. 31
U S 3s coup 108% Minn & St L 4s.. ..103
U S new 4s reg....l39% Mo, Kans & T 4s.. 98%
Vt I COU P- 13 9V4 "Mo K & T 2ds..... 81%
U S o d 4s reg.....lll% N Y Central lsts:..105%
U S .old 4s coup.... 112% N Y Cent gen 3^s 109H
}i i i s res lon4 N J Cent « en 5s:..i3i%
U S Es coup 107% N Pacific 4s 105%
Atchison sen 4s.. ..103% N Pacific is 72?i
Atchison adj 4s.... 9414 N & W con 4s 103
Ba t & Ohio 4s 103'^ Reading Gen 4s.... 99%
Bait & Ohio 3%s... mi S L & I M con 5s 116
B & O conv 4s..... 105% S L & S F 4s 97%
Canada So 2ds 109% St L Swestern lsts. 97
Cent of Ga 5s 106% St L Swestern 2ds. 79V4
Cent of Ga 1st Inc. 76% S A & A P 4s 8")%
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lO7*i So Pacific 4s...".'.". 92%
Chsro & Alton 3%s. S6% So Railway 5s...... 120%
C B & Q new 4s... 38 Tex & Pac lsts 11S%
C M & S P gen 4s.. Ill Tol. St L & W 4s.. 81
C & NAV con 7s.. .139 Union Pac 4s 106%L
C P. I & P 4s 106% Union Pac conv 4s.lO6Vi
C C C&S L gen 4s. 102% Wabash lata i -......H9
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 88V2 Wabash 2ds .... m«
Colo & So 4s 89% Wabash deb B 63
Den & R G 4s 103% West Shore 4s 114
Erie prior lien 4s.. 100% Wheel & L E 4s.... 91%
Erie general 4s.... 90% Wis Central 4s 89%
F W & D C lsts.. .104% Con Tobacco 4s 63%
Hocking Val 4%s...lO8% n
MINING STOCKS. .
Adams Con lSiLittle Chief 12
Alice * 45T>ntario 9 00
Breece 14 Ophir 03
Brunswick Con 75 Phoenix 07 '
Comstock Tunnel OK Potosl 02 i
Con Cal & Va 1 55 'Savage 03
Deadwood Terra 50,Slerra Nevada 04
Horn Silver 1 90) Small Hopes 4>
Iron Silver 60i5tandard 3 80
Leadville Con 05 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— U S Steel pfd. .„.. 9294
Call loans 4 @4% Westinghse Com... 73
Time loans 4%@5 Mlninc— -
Bonds— Adventure 20
Atchison 4s 102 Allouez 4%
Mexican Cent 4s... 80 Amalgamated 74V6
N E Gas & Coke... 59 Baltic 42
Railroads — Blngham 28
Atchison 79% Calumet & Hecla.,645
Atchison pfd .100% Centennial 1514
Boston & Albany.. 259 Copper Range 63
Boston & Maine.... 189 Dominion Coal 46%
Boston Elevated.... 165 Franklin 15
N Y, NH & H 213%llsle Royale 22
Fitchburg pfd 142% I Mohawk 39
Union Pacific 102V4!Osceola 88%
Mexican Central .. 23% Parrot 33
Miscellaneous— Qulncy ....150 •
American Sugar.. ..123% Santa Fe Copper... 3%
Am Tel & Tel 163 jTamarkck ..255
Dom Iron & Steel. 27%iTrimountain 42--
General Electric... 278 Trinity 24
Mass Electric 33 United States 14^
Mass Elec pfd 93% Utah 22 •
N E Gas & Coke..' ft Victoria 6
United Fruit., 87% Wlnona 22
U S Steel 42%Wolverine ...57
London Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London fiananclal cablegram says:
The stock market to-day was Idle and irreg
ular. Americans were neglected. President
Roosevelt's , mild allusions to trusts in his
message reassured but failed to attract buyers.'
The market is still overshadowed by the cop
per situation. American shares opened around
parities, eased off slightly and then Union Pa
cific improved on New York's afternoon sup
port, and Pennsylvania, Louisville and Nash
ville and Erie, owing: to New York orders,
stiffened on the curb after the close of the ex
change. Rio Tintos closed steady. Copper
broke to £55 5s the ton.
CLOSING:
LONDON, Dec. 4.— Anaconda, 6%; Atchison,
81%; Atchison preferred, 102»4; Canadian Pa
cific, 117; Denver and Rio Grande. 46; Denver
and Rio Grande preferred, 96V4; Northern Pa
cific preferred 103%; Southern Pacific. €2*4 ;
Union Pacific, 105%; Union Pacific preferred, 92.
Bar sliver, 25%d per ounce. Money, 3%@3& per
cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 4.— Money on call firm at
4@4% per cent; last loan, 4 per cent; prime
mercantile paper, 4V4@5 per cent. Sterling ex
change was firmer, with ■ actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 87% for demand and at
$4 84' / 4®4 84% for sixty days; posted rates, ?4 85
@4 88%; commercial hills, $4 83V 2 @1 84. Bar
silver, 5414c. Mexican dollars, 43c. Bonds-
Governments, « strong; States, inactive; rail
roads, irresular. ■ . :■ .
Condition of the Treasury.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balance shows: Available cash
balance. $16S,346,024; gold. $110,381,735. \ (
New York Grain and Produce.
* : — — — #
NEW YORK. Dec. 4.— The" bulls had full
swing in all the grain markets ■ to-day. Corn
passed all prices in recent years, selling up
to 71%c for May in New York and to 67%c at
Chicago. Wheat got within %c of the highest
point last August and the entire market situa
tion was dominated by a volume of outside
buying such as has not been ■ seen here in
weeks. Argentina was a buyer of wheat to
day on bad weather and the South bought on
continued drouth In winter wheat States
FLOUR— Receipts, 18,729 barrels; exports
1390 barrels; more active and held higher; Min
nesota patents, $3 SO (ft 4 10.
WHEAT— Receipts. 15.200 bushels; exports
78,947 bushels/; spot, strong; No. 2 red 8594c f
o. b. afloat;. No. 2 red, 83Hc elevator- No l
Northern Duluth. 85c f. 0. b. afloat; No 1 hard
Duluth, 91c f. 0. b. afloat. Options were active
and under bull control all day. The large vol
ume of outside buying, together with strength
of corn, smaller Northwest receipts, dry weath
er, higher English cables, foreign buying and
scarcity of the spot article, combined to make
one of. the strongest markets in weeks. ' The
close was strong and l%@U4c net higher
March. 84%@85%c, closed at 85%c; May, 83 9-16®
84%c, closed at 84%c; December, 82@83%c, closed
at 82c.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, quiet; No. .7: invoice
6%c; mild, quiet; Cordova, 7%@llc.~ Futures
closed jsteady. net unchanged to 10 points ad
vancer sales, 43,250 bags, including December
$6 40@6 50; February. »6 65; March. J6 70@6 75-
May, $6 00; June, *7; July, *7 05@7 M.-
SUGAR— Raw. steady; fair refining, 3&c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3%c; molasses sugar, 3c;
refined, steady. <• -
HIDES— Steady. .
-WOOL— Quiet.- • ■:/■■.-,■■
BUTTER— Receipts, 4900 packages; . firm;
State dairy, 15@23%c; creamery. 15@25%e; June
creamery." 18@22c; factory," 12%@15c. _
EGGS— Receipts, 4200 packages; stead*; West
ern, at mark. 26c. •
DRIED FRUITS,
"A quiet • and - unchanged market for evap
orated apples was reported to-day. State, com
mon to good. 6@8%c; prime, 9@>9%c; choice,
9%@0%c; fancy, 10@10%c. California dried
fruits continue steady, but not active. Prunes.
3%@7c. Apricots— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark.
9%@13c. Peaches— Peeled. 13@19c; unpeeled.
7@lO%c.
Chicago Grain Market.
« . *
CHICAGO, Dec. 4.— Speculation on the Board
of to-day was such as to recall the
great transactions of Hutchlnson, Cudahy,
Kent, Ream and the other giants who ruled
the pits and swung prices for fortunes every
session. Bull enthusiasm such as has not been
seen often" in late years had possession of the
markets, and in spite of heavy selling for
profits, every pit closed strong.
Transactions in wheat were on a scale that
indicated the Western country was thoroughly
aroused to the situation. The slight sag at
yesterday's close following the early buoyancy
attracted buyers everywhere. ' Both primary
and Northwestern receipts were reported rap
idly decreasing. The cable list did not re
spond to yesterday's sag and later cables
showed a marked improvement. Temptations
to take profits induced many holders to real
ize, but with the enthusiasm that seemed to
prevail 'on all hands early sellers soon became
the best buyers.' The countryman was prac
tically in control of the market. Outside mar
kets responded rapidly to every bullish incen
tive, and this strength was again reflected
here. Flour at Minneapolis advanced 10 cents.
Dry weather in the Southwest was reported
damaging to the—winter crop and news was
constantly arriving that wheat was being fed
to stock. With all these Influences trade
showed a steady advance. . December opened
%c to %c up, sold to 75%@75%c and closed
strong, 1%@1%c. higher at 75%@75%c. May
opened %@%c to %@%c up and sold to 79%c,
closing strong, 1%@1%c higher at 79%c. - .-:
Corn lent its share of activity to the general
strength. The buying was of general charac
ter, with shorts covering and a good demand
present from the outside. Wheat activity in
fluenced this pit greatly and light receipts and
unsettled weather brought on a bull campaign.
Trade was not heavy, but the market was un
der a constant nervous strain. December
closed strong, 1%@1%c up, at 63%®63%c. May
sold to the new record price of 67%c and closed
strong, l%c higher, at 67c.
Oats had a strong bull market all session.
May sold to a new record at 45%c and closed
strong, 1%@1%c up, at 46@45%c.
A good country 1 demand for everything on
the provision list held hog products strong, to
gether with the strength in grains. January
pork closed 22%c up, lard 15c higher and ribs
10c up. • -'
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No *—
December 74% 75% 74 % 75%
May 78% 79% 78«4 79%
Corn No. 2 —
December 62%". 63% 62% 63%
May 65% 67% 65% 67
July 65% 67 65% 66%
Oats No. 2—
December.... 43% 44% 43% 44%
May 43% 45% 43%, 45%
July 39% "42% 39% 40%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
January 16 05 16 40 16 05 16 37
May 16 45 16 72 16 45 16 70
Lard, cer 100 pounds —
December 9 50
January 9 32% 9 55 9 32% 9 50
May .....;. 9 40 9 60 9 40 9 57%
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
January ' 8 30 8 25 8 30 8 32
May 8 45 8 52% 8 42% 8 50^.
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, firm; standard patents advanced 10c;
No. 3 spring wheat, 70%c; No. 2 red, 7S@79\4c:
No. 2 oats, 45U@45%c; No. 2 white. 47V4@48%c;
No. 3 white, 47@47%c; No. 2 rye, 61%c; fair to
choice . malting barley. 60@63%c; No. 1 flax
seed. $1 33; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 40; prime
timothy seed. $6 55; mess pork, per bbl, $15 40@
15 50; lard, per 100 lbs. $9 50(g9 52%: short ribs
sides (loose). $8 25^8 40; dry salted shoulders
(boxed), 7%<37%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$8 70@8 80: whisky, basis of high wines, $1 32%;
clover, contract grade, $9.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 92,000 33.000
Wheat, bushels 232, COO 29.000
Corn, bushels 154,000 116.000
Oats, bushels 295,000 297,000
Rye. bushels 18.000 2,000
Barley, bushels 168,000 21,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was firm. Creameries, 14@24%c; dairies,
13@20c. Cheese, steady, 9Vi@9%c. Eggs, firm,
fresh 24c. . %
Foreign Futures.
11 LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — •' March.' May.
Opening 6 % 6 l\i
Closing 6 % 6 1*4
PARIS.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.-June.
Opening 22 23 22 95 -
Closing 22 25 23 00
Flour —
Opening 27 80 29 Ofl
Closing '.27 80 29 00
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— There occurred a fur
ther break In copper at London to-day, and
private- advices reported good sales movement
at the lower level. The market finished the
session £2 lower on spot and £1 5s on fu
tures: thus the former was quoted at £55 5s and
the latter £55, or the lowest level reached
since the recent downward movement started.
■The local market for that metal was unsettled
and nominally quoted at 16V&@17c for lake and
16%@16%c for casting.
There was no business reported in tin. It
eased off £2 at London under liquidation, but
trading was light, spot closing quiet at £110 15s
and futures at £104. Local prices for tin were
also lower, to-day's decline amounting to 1@
IVic; thus spot was quoted at 24.50c. 1
Lead— Dull at home and abroad, closing at
4.37%c and £11 respectively.
Spelter— Dull at New York and London, . the
former closing at 4.30c nominal and the latter
at £16 10s'.
Iron was quiet but about steady. Plglron
warrants, 10.50@11.50c; No. 1 northern foundry,
15.00@lC.C0c; No. 2 foundry, southern,- 14.00®
15.00c; No. 1 foundry, 14.50@15.50c; No. 1 foun
dry, southern soft, 14.50@16.00c.
Glasgow iron warrants closed at 65s lOd, and
Middlesboro closed at 42s 10%d.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— The cotton market
opened firm at an advance of 6 to 12 points,
and closed barely steady, net 4 to 8 points
higher. - :
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Dec. 4.— CATTLE— Receipts, 16,600.
including 300 Westerns; active and 15@20c high,
er; good to prime, $6 40@7 50; poor to medium.
$3 90@6; stockers and feeders; $2@4 25; cows,
$1 2G#4 75; heifers, $2@5 50; canners, $2 25@2 30;
bulls. $2@4 75; calves, ?2 50® 5 50; Texas fed
steers. $5 75; 'Western steers. " $3 75@4 90.
HOGS — Receipts to-day. 50,000; to-morrow, 37,
000; left over, 10,000; active and steady, higher
except for light; mixed and butchers. $5 65@
6 10; good to choice heavy, $5 85@8 20; rough
heavy, $5 45@5 70; light. $5@5 75; bulk of sales.
$5 75@5 95. '
SHEEP— Receipts, 25,000; eheep steady; good
to choice wethers. $3 50@4 25; fair to choice
mixed. $2 75@3 50; Western sheep. $3@4; native
lambs. ?2 50@5; Western lambs, ?3@4 25.
ST. JOSEPH.
RT. JOSEPH, Mo., Dec. 4.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 2100; market 10@15c higher; natives,
$3 50(0/7 25; cows and heifers, $1 25@5 60; veals,
$2 50@5 25; bulls and stags, $2 25@3 ; * stockers
and feeders, {2 25©4 35. ,
HOGS— Receipts, 11,000; best strong to 5c
higher; light, and light mixed, $5 70@6 10; me
dium aird heavy, $5 65@6 30; pigs; .$3 60@4 75.
SHEEP— Receipts, 250; strong; top, lambs,
54 85. .... . ■ •
Portland's. Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 4.— Clearings, $554,481;
balances, $75,745., '. . -
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 4.— Wheat— Steady at
60c for Walla Walla, 61c for bluestem.
• WASHINGTON. '
TACOMA. Dec. "4.— Wheat, %c up; bluestem,
61c; club. 60c. '
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Dec 4.— The . wool auction sales
scheduled for to-day were postponed on account
of foe.'
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 4.— Consols; 91 3-lGd; silver,
25V&d; French rentes, lOlf 65c; cargoes on pass*
age, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1 standard
California, ■■ 30s; cargoes Walla Walla, 29s 3d*
English country markets, steady. '
LIVERPOOL, Dec. 4.4-Wheat, quiet; No; 1
standard California. Gs I "%d@6s Id; wheat and
flour in Paris, steady ; French ' country markets,
quiet; weather in England, . overcast; •■•
■ COTTON— Uplands/ 4 9-16d.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 85
Sterling Exchange, Eight — 4 88
Sterling ' Cables :....:..............- — 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — ' 02%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 05
Sliver, per ounce — 54%
Mexican Dollars; nominal ..... 45% @ 45%
Wheat and Other Grains. t
WHEAT— The foreign markets continued
firm, with still higher futures at Paris and
Liverpool.
Chicago rose from 78%c to 79%e, with the pit
boiling over with a big general trade. The
upward tendency was pronounced. The lead
ers and the country bought freely. . There was
considerable professional realizing, but every
thing offered was taken. .The general public
also bought largely.
This market was still higher on call, and
very firm as to shipping grades, with a good
demand for the latter account.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 01%@l 02%; milling,
$1 03%@l 06% per ctl.
. . CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 32,000
ctls, $1 06%; 30,000, U 06%.
Second Session— May— 4000 ctls, $1 06%; 20,000,
$1 06%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
*1 06%; 30,000, *1 06%. ' • -
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctle, Jl 06%;
6000, $1 06%; 28.0C0, $1 06%. y
BARLEY— The firmness lately visible is In
creased by the report that large quantities are
soon to be shipped into the Western and East
ern States overland. The market " is certainly
very strong, with holders indifferent about sell
ing. Prices remain about the same.
. Feed, 75@76%c for choice bright, 72%@73%c
for No. v l and 70c for off grades; brewing and
shipping grades, 77%@85c; Chevalier, S0c@$l
per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 4000 ctls.
74%c.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning ' Session— May— 2000 ctls,
74%c; 2000, 74%c; 4000. 75c •'
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctle, 75%c; 2000.
75%c. -. . ' • ■ i
OATS— The Government is said to be after
520 tons up north and 400 tons in this market,
and as there have been several very heavy
sales during^the past few days the market
rules very firm.
Grays, %X 12%@1 17% for feed and $1 20©
122% for seed; whites, $1 15@1 25; Surprise,
$1 30(31 32%; black; 95c@$l 07% for feed and
$1 15@1 22% for seed; red, $1 12%@1 17% per
ctl for feed and $1 20@l 27% for seed.
CORN— The Chicago market was strong, ad
vancing from 65%c to 67%c
The cash demand was a bullish feature.
Some was taken for St. Louis, and the interior
reported large sales at an advance.
This market continued firm and unchanged.
Spot— Large yellow, $1 35@1 37%; small round
do, $1 30@l 40; white, $1 42%@1 45. To arrive—
$1 25@1 32% per ctl for all kinds, according to
dryness.
RYE— 75@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per ctl.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Fallly Extras, $3 25@
$3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, - $2 50(g.2 73 per barrel for - family and
?2 75@3 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers', $2 73
®3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3 23;
extra cream do. $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $1@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, $6 £0@8; Pearl Barley, $5; Split Peas,
$5; Green Peas, ?6 60 per 100 pounds.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
The feeling in Hay is somewhat steadier,
owing to the Tighter receipts of the past few
days. Feedstuffs. on the contrary, are very
weak, with large offerings.
BRAN— $15 50(S16 SO per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 per ton.'
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $27@28; Jobbing.
$28 50@29; Cccoanut Cake. $20<S>21; Corn Meal.
$31 50(g32; Cracked Corn, $32@32 50; Mixed
Feed, $16(917.
HAY— Wheat. f9«?ll; fancy, $11 50@12; Wheat
and Oat, $8(511: Oat, $7010; Barley and Oat,
$7@9; Alfalfa, $S@9 50: Clover, $6@7; Volun
teer. $5 50@S: Stock, $5@7 per ton.
STRAW— 30@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
The dullness and weakness In Beans continue,
but prices . show no further decline. Arrivals
of Flaxseed from Washington continue frequent
BEANS— Bayos, $2 35@2 50; Small White, $2 75
@3 15; Large White, $2 80@3; Pea, $3 50@4;
Pink, $1 75(32; Red. $2 50(ffi3; Blackeye, $3 50@
3 70; Limas, $4 40@4 50; Red Kidneys, $3 50@4
1 SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15: Yellow
Mustrad, $3 25@3 50; Flax. $2 65@3 25: Canary,
3yi@3^c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah, 8%c;
Rape, lVi@l%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 90@2; Green, $1 75@
2 25 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
While Onions are quoted easier at the mo
ment. ' dealers say that we shall soon have to
draw on Oregon for supplies, and as that mar
ket Is hisher than this prices must nlse here
In consequence. Stocks here continue light.
Potatoes continue weak, but quotations show
little variation. Three cars of Merced Sweets
came in, but they sold higher, the market hav
ing been previously well cleaned up.
There is nothing new in Vegetables.
POTATOES— 70® $1 for Burbanks from the
river: Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 60; Oregon
Burbanks, $1 15@1 45; River Reds, $1 35@1 50;
Sweets, 35<g40c for Rivers and S5c@$l for Mer
ced. . ■
ONIONS— $2@2 10 per ctl; Oregons, $2@2 15;
Pickle Onions are out.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas from Los Ange
les 46?6c: String Beans from Los Angeles, 4@6c;
Limas. 2@6c; Cabbage, 40@50«t per ctl; Toma
toes, 40@65c; ■ Dried Peppers, 10®l5c per sack;
Okra, 12%@20c per lb; Carrots. 25@35c per sack;
Cucumbers. 50@75c; Pickles, ■ 2%@3c per lb- for
small and l@l%c for large; Garlic, l%@2c:
Green Peppers. 40@50c per box for Chili and 40@
50c for^Bell; Egg Plant. 75c per box; Summer
Squash from Los Angeles, $1@1 25; Marrowfat
Squash, $8@10 per ton; Hubbard Squash, $8@10;
Mushrooms, 5@12%c per lb. .
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry came In, making
five thus far this week. Prices show no further
change, except In Turkeys, which are higher
under light receipts and a good demand. Only
13 cases of dressed Turkeys arrived.
Receipts of Game were 80 sks and the -market
did somewhat better.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 17@19c; Live
Turkeys, 14@16c for Gobblers and 14@16c for
Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50@l 73; Goslings,
$1 75@2; Ducks, $3 50@4 for old and $4@5 for
young; Hens, $3 50@4 50; young Roosters, $4@
4 50; old . Roosters, $4@4 50; Fryers, $3 50@4;
Broilers, $3 50@4 for large and ?3@3 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1@1 25 per dozen for old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen. 75c; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, 3@3 50: Canvasback, $2@3; Sprig, $1 75
@2; Teal. $1 25@1 50; Widgeon. $1@1 25; Small
Ducks, $1; Black Jacks. $1; English Snipe. $2;
Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3 50; • White
Geese, $1 25; Brant, $.1 50@2 per dozen; Honkers,
$150.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Butter from Humboldt are falling
off, but those from Marln are increasing, which
equalizes the situation. The recent decline has
steadied fancy creameries somewhat, and they
are no longer quoted depressed, but the medium
and lower grades are still dragging. Prices
stand about a« before.
/There is no change worthy of note In Cheese.
The decline in Eggs has resulted in rather
more demand, and the, market now exhibits
less depression. • There are plenty here, how
ever, and the tendency is still to sell.
Receipts were 16,700 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter, 413 cases of Eggs
cases of Eastern Eggs, 3100 pounds of
California Cheese and — pounds of Eastern
Cheese. • .
BUTTER— Creamery, 23@24c per lb for fancy
and 20@21c for seconds; dairy. 17%@20c; store
Butter, 15@17c per lb; Creamery Tub, 21@2" l^.c-
Pickled Roll. 19@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb
CHEESE- New, I2@12%c; old, ll%c; Young
America, 13% per lb; Eastern 13@lac.
EGGS— Ranch, 34@35c for selected large
31@32^c for good to choice and 30c for fair'
store, 25@27V4c per dozen; cold storage. 20fii
27%c; Eastern, 19@27%c. * ' J
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits. *
All Berries were in more or less bad con
dition. ?
Apples 'rule firm and fine goods are bringing
the improved prices without difficulty. Winter
Nells Pears continue scarce and firm.
Grapes continue in light receipt, and only
Bound fresh stock sells to advantage. There is
plenty of old and wet stock selling down to
20c per crate. . <
Receipts of Oranges, are steadily increasing
and are . accumulating, as the demand is too
light to absorb them. Prices are still lower
.Two cars of Cranberries are expected to-day
- DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLBS-Jl 50(3)2 per box for extra 75c@
$1 25 for good to choice and 35@65c for ordin
ary: Lady Apples, $1@2.
POMEGRANATES— $1 25 per box
1 . PEARS— Winter kinds, $1@2 per box.
1 QUINCES- 50©60c per box. * ■ ~
PERSIMMONS— 30@75c per box.
STRAWBERRIES— J6@8 per chest for Long
worths and $2@3 for large berries.
. BLACKBERRIES— ?5@7 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— WQi per chest.
CRANBERRIHS— Eastern. $10@ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $3 per box.'
FIGS— Black. 25@30c per box; white. 25@50c.
GRAPES — Verdels. 40@90c per box; Tokay.
SO® 75c; Black 35@30c; Cornichons, 40j?85c.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 25
for standards. $1 50@l 75 for choice and $2 for
fancy: Seedlings. - 75c@$l 25; Tangerines. . $1@
1 25; Japanese Mandarins. $1@1 75; Lemons, $1@
1 50 for common and J2@2 50 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, $1 50@2 50: Mexican Limes. $3 50@
4; Bananas. $2@3 per bunch for New Orleans
and 50c@$l 25 for Hawaiian; Pine apples. $3@4
per dozen. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There is no further change In the situation.
The demand, as already mentioned, is now
normal for this time of the year, and local
dealers report the feeling steady all along the
line. The feeling In Prunes is distinctly firmer,
though prices are no higher, and holders no
longer give concessions to make sales.
FRUITS— Apricots, 7@8%c for Royals and 8@
13c for standard to' fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7@Si.jc; sun-dried, 3%@4%c;
Peaches, 5@7%c; Pears 4@8c; Plums, pitted. 4%
@6c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines. 5@5%c for red
and 5%#6%c for white; Figs, 3<@3%c for black.
PRUNES— New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 5%@5%c;' 40-50's, f%@5c: 50-60's, 4%@
4%c; 60-70's, 3%@4c; 70-80's 3%@3%c; 80-90's, 2%
@3c; 90-100's, 2%@2%c per lb.
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial. *3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy. $1 75; 4
crown, $1 60; London Layers — Three-crown,
$1 20; two-crown, $1 10. Price per lb: Standard
loose. Muscatelsr-Four-crown. 4%c; three
crown, 4%c; two-crown,' 3%c; Seedless Musca
tels. '4%c; Seedless Sultanas. 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6%c; Bleached Sultanas— Fancy, 8%c;
choice, 7%c; standard, 6%c; . prime, 5%c; un
bleached Sultanas, 5c. Bleached Thompson's —
Extra fancy, lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard, 7%c; prime, 6%c. Fancy seeded, 6%c;
choice seeded, 5%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 10@12%c; Walnuts. No. 1
softshell, 9%c; No. 2. 7%c; No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No. 2, 7c; Almonds, ll@12c for papershell, 9@
10c for softshell and 6@7c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c;
Filberts. 12@l2%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50@5. ' ■
HONEY— Comb, 12@12%c for bright and 10®
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
5@6c; light amber extracted, 4@5c; dark, 4c.'
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.
Provisions.
Chicago advanced again, closing strong.
This market was firm, but prices remained
the same. »
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll%c per lb for
heavy, 12c for light medium, 13c for light,
14c for extra light and 14%c for sugar-cured:
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. . 13c; California
Hams, 12%c: Mess Beef, $10@10 50 per barrel;
extra Mess, $1!@11 50; Family, $12@12 50; prime
Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $22 50® 23: Mess.
$18 50® 19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per lb.
LARD — Tierces, quoted at 8c per lb for
compound and lie for. pure; half barrels, pure,
ll%c; 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c; 3-lb tins.
12c. ■ - _....%
COTTOLENE— One half -barrel. 10%c; three
half-barrel3. 10c: one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; Iight_ 9c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9c for light;
Stags, 7c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16%@17c; Culls.
13c; Dry Kip, 13c: Dry Calf, 18@19c; Culls and
Brands, 15@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings. 15<g30c
each: short Wool. 40@60c each; medium. 50®
75c: long Wool, 80c@Jil.10 each: Horse Hides,
salt, $2 EO52 75 for large and $2@2 25 for me
dium, $1 75 for small and 50c for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry, $1 73 for large, $1 23@1 50 for me
dium. $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins, 35c • fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 6« per lb; No. 2.
4%@5c: grease, 3c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 to 1901— Southern, de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c: Oregon Valley fine,
13?il3c: do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; Ore
gon, Eastern, choice. ll@13c; do, fair to good.
9<011e; Nevada. 10@12c.
Fall— San oJaquin. 6%ifS%c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%S9c: Middle County. 8@10c- North
ern Mountain, free, 9@10c; do. defective 8®9c
per lb. " '
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and llS12c per lb for
good to choice.
San Francisco Meat Market.
.Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF-C@7c for Steers and 5@6c per lb for
Cows.
VfAL— Large. 7%@8%c: small. 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON- Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%@7c
LAMB— S(f?S%c per lb.
PORK-Live Hogs, from 150 to 230 lbs. 5%©
5%e; under 1^0 lba. 5%@5%c: sows. 20 "per cent
ofi.jboars 30 per cent off and stags 4* per cent
-£@S'° m above Quotations; dressed Hogs.
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c; local
make. %c less than Calcuttas: Wool Bacs 32
@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%@8c; Fruit Bags. 5%@
6^c for cotton and 7@7}jc for jute.
— Wellington, $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant $6 50- Cooa
Bay. $5 50: Wallsend. $8 50: Co-operative Wal°s*
end. $8 50; Cumberland. $12 in bulk and $13 25
hi sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egsr $15
anTfiV ft ZkT l £Z' P nLln° n ES
co°r n d S inj S t 4 o 5 grand™ » M
Harrison's circular says: "Since the Ven
tura sailed there have been the following coal
arrivals from Newcastle. NSW . viz • Invin
cible 2013 tons: Clan Buchanan. 31*34 tons-
Fernbank. 2311 tons; Chehalis. 1114 tons- WisI
? Om ? C ,Fn/- k \ 3334 t , ons: Miltiades. 2063 tons
total. 11.04o tons. One of the above cargoes
came here via ValDaraiso. Not findinsr sale
for the coal there the vessel was ordered here
There are thirty-three vessels chartered to
load coal for our port from Newcastle with a
capacity of 95,000 tons; of these nineteen are
already en route, The latest cabled frel-h!
rates on coal from Newcastle show a decline
of fully one shilling per ton since last mail
now eleven shillings is rsked and several-ves
sels are being offered. This will force the
coast collieries to reduce the selling price of
their products to meet this freight decline
FUCl °" lS th « disturb ln|
element which will prove a death knell to any
advance in steam coals for many years to
come. It was exceedingly fortunate for our
industrial interests that oil came to our rescue
this year and last. In its absence there would
have been a fuel famine, coal would have sold
at fancy figures and „ numberless factories
would have been clcsad. which are running to
day full time and profitably. So far this year
we have had a most seasonable rainfall, which
should have a tendency to bring coal carriers
in this direction, as the outlook Is promising
for a froneroun grraln yield in 1902."
CANDLES— The Standard Oil Company an
nounces the following quotations for the an
nexed descriptions: Electric Lieht. 6%@9%c
per set for sixes and 8c for twelves' Granite
Mining Candles. 7U®10tfc f or sixes and 8%c
d?-. 1 " 6W@8% 3 c Parafflne Wax « 9 %@10c: Radiant
OILS— California Castor OH. tn cases. No. 1.
70c: pure, $1 20; Linseed OH, in barrels, boiled
Ii C ,i I aW '-, 68 r C o : C , ases> fc more: Lucol. 60c for
boiled and 58c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil
extra winter strained, barrels, 90c; cases 95c-
China Nut. 65@72c per gallon: pure Neatsfoot'
in barrels. 70c; cases. 75c; Sperm, pure 63c*
Whale Oil. natural white. 40<g4S«- per Kallon !
Fish Oil. barrels, 37%c; cases. 42%c; Cocoanut
Australia'n 13 ' t0T Ceyl ° n and 58%c '«*
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil In bulk
13^c: Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral. 20?- Star
20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine. 25c: Eocene 22c :
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk. 15c* In
rases. 21Hc: Benzine. In. bulk. 14c; in cases
20>£c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases
26^4c , ■ •■•- i '
TURPENTINE-58V,c per gallon in cases and
52c In drums and iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western StJ<rar ReflninK Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bans:
Cubes. Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.30c-
Powdered. 5.13c; Candy Granulated, 5 15c- Drv
Granulated, 5.05c; Confectioners' A, 5 05c* Fruit
Granulated, 5.03c: Beet Granulated (100-lb bars
only). 4.95c; Magnolia A. 4.63c; Extra C 4 55?
Golden C. 4.45c; D. 4.35c; barrels. 10cT mo^ :
half-barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c more- 50 lh
bags. 10c more. No orders taken for less than
75 barrels or Its equivalent. Domtnos half
barrels, 5.55c; boxes. 5.80c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR SATURDAY. DECEMBER 4.
Flour, qr sks..... 3S.O4* Hay. tons .... r 7 ,
Wheat, ctls 19 678 Onions sks^. '" Vet
Barley, ctls lS.RS^ Potatoes sks "" 4?^
•Oats, ctls 1.SW Beans, sks . 4>6^
Corn, ctls ...*..... 46<* Chicory, bbls !*" i-
Sujrar. ctls 29, S00 Pelts. Mia ...."* 3 o£
Tallow, ctls 231 Hides. No
Bran, sks 1.42S Brandy, pals ..'.'. soon
Middlings, sks ... 500 Wine, gals 49 Ini
Raisins, bxs S.% Leather, rolls is«
Wool, sks 14 .Straw, tons ..*"* «
OREGON. , " u
Oats, ctls ' 600|Shorts. sks tat
Bran, sks ....... 918'
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks 8.14? I Popcorn, sks .. in;
Oits, ctls 7.000 Flaxseed, sks .. g o«7
Bran, sks 5.100] ■;■,:-■■ ' ' '
STOCK MARKET.
There • was not much nsw on ' the morning
session of the Bond Exchange. Sales ' were
moderate. Two hundred Hawaiian Sugar sold
at $35 and there were Mint t"? 1 ** 1 ! 08 !^
Giant Powder at J85 W0S5. The oil •toclu wm
without feature. ,, ___ »«..
The feature of the afternoon call ™**£Z
advance in Alaska Packers'. J^"** * d 7 al ?2~
from 1155 75 to $137 50. Otherwise there w*J
n °AIaska n packer«' Association ha* declared itj
ninety-sixth dividend of 75c, payable on tM
West Shore Oil will pay a dividend of to efl
the 23d. .
STOCK AITD BOND EXCHANG&
WEDNESDAY, pec. 4.— 1 P- «- ,
TTNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I vHif;^,**
4s quar coup..H2%113 4s qr cp (new)139%140
4s quar regr....lll%112 '3s quar coup.. 108% —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C os.107% — I Oceanic S3 tm. — 1<*
Cal-st 6« 118 — Omnibus C 8s.l29%135
C C Water 5s.Hl — Pac G Imp 4s. 94 9«
Ed L & P 6s. - - |Pk & C H 8S..103 113
Fer & Cl H 6sl20% — Pk & O R 6S..121 —
Geary-st 5s.... — 100 Powll-st R gs.llS^ia) ,
H C & S 5%s. — — Sac E G R 5s. 9o% 9«
Do 5s I!.. 99% — S F & SJV 5s.l23% —
Los Ang R os.118 120 Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6s.. 101% — S P of Ariz 63
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1903) 11314114
Do gntd 5s.. 103 103*? (1910) 11* —
L A & P 5s... 102}; — S P of Cal 5s „.„„
Do 1 c m 53.101 103 (1305). Ser A.107%10S*i
Mkt-st Cab 6s. 127% — (1905). Ser B.109 109%
Do 1 c m Ss.122% — (1906) 110 111%
N R of Cal 6s.ll2%112Ti 0912) 119%r-«|
Do 5s 121 122 S P of Cal 1st ■ - r\
Nor Pac C 5s.l07%107% e gntd 5s.... 109 — \
Nor Cal R Ss. — — S P Br Cal 6s.l35%137
Oak Gas 5s.... 112% — S V Water 63.111% —
Oak Trans 6s.. — 125% Do 4s 102% —
Do 1st c 5s.lll% — Do 4s 3d m..l00%101
Oak Wat g os.104%103 Stktn Gas 6s.. 102% —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76 76%|Port Costa 63% 68
Marin County. 58 — (Spring Valley. — 87%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 2% — Pacific Light.. 43 —
Equit G L Co. 3 3% Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual — 5 S F G & E... 44 44'i
Oak G L & H. 51 — San Francisco. 514 5%
, Fac Gas Imp.. 40% 41 Stktn G & E.. S —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. 240 — (
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 73% — iL P & A 160 175
California 410% — iMer Ex (liq).. 18% —
Cal Safe Dep..lO9%112% S F Natlonal.,130 —
First Natlonl..320 327%
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ,1923%— ,Sav & Loan... — 90
Humboldt .... — — [Security Sav..300 340
Mutual Sav 66 — i Union Trust.. 1800 —
S F Sav U....52S — . I
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....140 — lO S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 33% —
Market ... S6 S3 I
POWDER.
Giant 84% 83HWgorit 4% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana 3% 5 Kilauea 11 12%
Hawaiian 35 40 Makawell 23 24%
Honokaa 10% 11 Onomea ... — 24-
Hutchinson ... 14% 15% Paauhau 10% 11%
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack... 157 15S Oceanic S Co.. — 43
Cal Fruit Asn. — 100 Pac Aux F A. 2% — V
Cal Win Asn. — 90 Pac C Borax.. 165 — f
Mer Exchange.110 — Par Paint ■-. 14 —
Morning Session.
Board—
25 Alaska Packers' Association 136 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association, s 90.. 155 75
100 Equitable Gas 3 12%
5 Giant Powder Con 85 50
5 Giant Powder Con 85 00
1C0 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 35 00
10 Paauhau S P Co. cash 11 00
90 Paauhau S P Co U 00
$6000 S. P C Cal. 1st Cons 5s -....110 00
5 Spring Valley Water 7. 87 00
$15,000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage)... 102 75
Street—
J1C0O Northern Railway of California 5s.. 121 62%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
10 Alaska Packers' Association 13S 50
10 Alaska Packers' Association 137 0»
5 Alaska Packers' Association 157 25
45 Alaska Packers' Association 157 50
90 Hutchinson S P Co 15 oo
S1G00 N P C R R 5s.. 1C7 50
40 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 25
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 CO
2C0O S P of Arizona (1909) ttf 50
Street—
$10,000 N P C R R 5s.... 107 50
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Board —
700 Caribou 75
2 Hanford 100 CO
3 Hanford 99 00
1000 Reed Crude, cash 35
1C00 Reed Crude, s 90 34
10 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 00
200 Sterling 115 i
ICO Twenty-Eight 1 63
Street—
100 Sterling, s 30 , j jo
Afternoon Session.
Board—
2500 Apollo m is
300 Caribou 75
100O Giant „ 30
1 Hanford 99 00
1 Hanford gg co
1 Hanford 97 co
20 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlcg Session.
100 Belcher 02: 600 Ophir 79
200 Best & Belcher 10 200 Potosl 03
200 Challenge 11; 200 Silver Hill 30
400 C C & Va 1 60 100 Standard 3 35
600 Mexican 13 1
f, Afternoon Session.
100 Best & Belcher 10 1 1000 Silver Hill 30
400 C C & Va 1 60 500 Union Con 09
400 Mexican 12I
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Best & .Belcher 11 200 Mexican 13
500 Best & Belcher 10 900 Ophir 70
600 Caledonia 21 200 Union Con 11
400 C C & Va 1 60
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 11 1 300 Mexican 14
100 C C & Va 1 60 500 Ophir 70
300 Gould & Curry. C3 1300 Silver Hill 30
200 Mexican 13 300 Union Con 10
CLOSIXO QUOTATIONS. -
WEDNESDAY, NOV. 4-4 p. m.f
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
Alpha V V. — 02!Justice — 04
Alta 05 06;Kentuck — 02
Andes 01 03ILady Wash 01 —
Belcher 03 03:Mexican 13 U
Best & Belcher 11 12 Occidental 03 M
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 69 71
Caledonia 13 20 Overman 02 03
Challenge Con.. 07 03 Potosl 02 03
Chollar 03 04|Savage 03 03
Confidence — 63 Scorpion 04
Con Cal & Va.1 60 1 63 Seg Belcher — 02
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 06 07
Con New York. 01 — Silver Hill 29 31
Crown Point.... 01 02 St Louis — 04
Eureka Con.... 14 —Standard 3 80 3 83
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate 05 OT
Gould & Curry. 04 03 Union Con 09 10
Hale & Norcrs. 14 IS Utah 05 0«
Julia — 01. Yellow Jacket.. 06 0T
Colored Shooter Held.
T. T. Glbbs. a recent colored arrival
from South Carolina, was held to answer
before the Superior Court by Judge Mo
gan yesterday on two charges of assault
to murder in J2000 bonds on each charge.
November 23 he fired several shots at
"William Smith, a colored man. In a saloon
on Pacific- street. He missed Smith, but
wounded "William "Wilson and George Ty
ler, who happened to be passing the
saloon. While firing the shots he de
clared that he was from the South and
would make the colored men hero
"jump." -•-•.-.
Max Salomon in Court.
The case of Max Salomon, alias Otto
Nathan, charged with conducting a lot
tery in his office in the Academy of Sci
ences building, was called in Judge Mo
gan's court yesterday. Detectives Ryan
and O'Connell testified to arresting Salo
mon and. taking possession of papers
there. A. D. Wilbur testified to having
had a conversation with the defendant
and others as to becoming an agent to
sell their bonds or lottery tickets. The
case will be continued this' evening.
Held for Burglary.
John Nolan was held to answer before
the -Superior Court by Judge Cabanlss
yesterday on the charge of burglary, la
5100O bonds. Monday morning he broke
into the office of P. A. Murphy, melal
roofer, 48 Spear street, and had collected
a number of workmen's tools when
caught by Special Officer Sample.
Builders' Contracts.
Edward McLauzhlin (owner) with Henry
Munstcr (contractor), architect M. J. "Welsh-
All alterations and additions, except paintine
plumbing, gas and sewering and grading to
make a 2-story frame buildine on lot on sp
line of Sheridan street. ISO SW of Ninth SW
£3 by S3 95, Mission block 1; J1647. *•»•»»*
Mrs.' Minna Neller and Louis C. Buck (own
ers) with Frank A. Keen (contractor) archi
tect PhllliD Schwerdt-All work except pluihT
ing. painting, heating, electric work, eas rii
tures and mantels for a 2-story and basement
frame residence on lot on N line of TJninri
street. 126.0% W of Polk. W 50 by N 137:6^
Harvey H. Dana and A. "W. Pattiani fown
ers) with Thomas W. Butcher (contractor)
chitects A. W. Pattiani & Co.-Brtck wort
. setting iron and granite that come in brick
work, settlnc terra cotta. except first story
steel beams, for 6-«tory brick building; on lot
NE corner of Geary and William street « ra
Kh»N 87:6: J10.54A ™ Kre«U, BEMPLOYES AT JUDSON WORKS
MARVELOUSLY ESCAPE DEATH
Two Explosions Occur, Causing Only One Fatality,
Even Man Leaning on "Mixer" Escaping. ,
BERKELEY, Dec. 4.— The gelatin
mixing house and guncotton
room of the Judson Dynamite
and Powder Company's works
en Cerritcs Hill, a mile north of
West Berkeley, were destroyed this aft
ernoon at 2 o'clock by two explosions,
v.hich occurred thirty seconds apart. On«
Chinaman was killed and two others in
jured. The foreman, George E. Miner,
had his face and hands severely cut and
his body bruised. Julius Roth, a work
man, was also cut and bruised- As . is
usual with such explosions, no one is able
to give the cause.
Two holes in the ground with splintered
timbers and twisted irons about show
the former location of the houses. A
<iirt bulkhead between the two buildings
was leveled. The debris caught fire and
it took the employes an hour to extin
guish the flames.
The explosion is remarkable for the
small loss of life it caused. Sixteen men,
white and Chinese, were r in or about the
buildings when the structures were
blown to fragments, and how all but one
man escaped the others are unable to tell.
That they all did not lose their lives is due
io the treak of explosions. Wonderful
c-scapes mere were, and the accident,
considering the wide nature of the de
struction, Is counted a "lucky" one
unicng men engaged in the dangerous
business of handling the high explosives
manufactured at the works.
The scene of the explosion is on the
north Bide of Cerritos, or McKeever s
hill, close to the swamp's edge. Three
buildings were built into the hhl with
bulkheads of dirt eight feet thick between
them. They were used in the manufacture
ct gelatin-dynamite. On the east was
the "stuffing" house, on the west the gun
cotton house and between these two the
mixing house. The west and center houses
were totally wrecked, while the third was
practically uninjured. L. N. Hoffman the
manager of the company, places the loss
of the two houses at $2000. This does not
include the damage to ether buildings
about the place, which will probably add
another $1000 to the total.
Mixer Explodes First.
According to Foreman Miner the
"mixer" exploded first. Miner was sitting
beside the huge bronze bowl with his
arm on its edge when the shock came.
His escape he deems nothing short of a
miracle. The dead Chinaman was In the
same house with Miner, but he seems to
have run in front of the guncotton house
and got the full effects of the second ex
plosion. His body was hurled thirty feet
across the swamp Into a ditch. It was
two hours after the accident before it
was discovered, a fellow-countryman nr.d
irg it The body showed slight evidence
of the force which threw it into the ditch.
The clothes were not even torn.
Four white men and twelve Chinamen
were in the danger district Miner, as
Ftated. was at the "mixer;" W. R. Edris.
the engineer, was at the boiler, not far
from Miner, and Julius Roth, a teamster,
and Frank Coster were in front of the
houses. The Chinamen were at different
points, most of them inside of the bull fl
ings. FvOth was driving a car and the
horse stood on the trac* in front of the
"stuffing" house, fifteen feet from the
rnatn w?eck. and received no injury. The
men fled in all directions after the first
explosion, to be thrown to the ground at
the second and heavier enock.
Foreman Miner's injuries consist of deep
gashes in his face and hands, caused by
f.ving glass, and body bruises. A piece cf
class an inch long cut the left cheek to
the bone Just below the eye. Roth, the
other injured man, was cut about the
face Two Chinamen were cut and
bruised. Miner tells a story of a wonder
ful escape. He said:
I»-a« sittins beside the "mixer." with my
tnn resting en Its edge, when suddenly I felt 11
Sive In an Instant an explosion occurred and
everything *'** totally dark.
Chinaman Thrown Thirty Feet.
I started for the coor and at that time I
felt the blood running down my cheek. It
came Into my head to touch the lever and etop
the engine and I hesitated at the doorway.
People have noidea how
crude and cruel soap can be.
It takes off dirt. »So far,
so good; but what else does
it do.
It cuts the skin and frets
the under-skin; makes red-
ness and roughness and
leads to worse. Not soap,
but the alkali in it.
Pears' Soap has no free, al-
kali in it. It neither reddens
nor roughens the skin. It re-
sponds to water instantly; wash-
es and rinses off in a twinkling; is
as gentle as strong; and the
after-effect is every way good.
Established over 160 years.
Then I concluded I'd better run and I did.
How I escaped I don't know, for as far as I
can make out, the "mlier" on which I wae
leaning was the first to explode. Of the cause
I know absolutely nothing. Everything w«is
running smoothly when the crash came.
The damage to other buildings at the
works is considerable. Windows were
smashed and boards wrenched* off. The
acid house was twisted out of shape and
may have to be rebuilt. R. Bellenot. the
acid maker, ran out of the building at the
first explosion, and when ha stopped a
piece of iron weighing live pounds
whizzed past his head and struck at his
feet The shocks were plainly felt in this
city and a yellow cloud of smoke hung lor
some time over the scene.
Manager Hoffman, In speaking of the
explosion, said:
At the time of the accident I 'should Judge
that there were 1000 pounds of explosives in the
two building*. In spite of every care we take
the explosion* occur. We are working all the
time to find the cause. - • -
Dr. Gladding of West Berkeley attended
the Injured men.
Three. years ago to-morrow the same
works, at that time located 400 yards from
REVISIONISTS
CANNOT AGREE
Presbyterian Clergymen
Discover a Difficult
Task.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.-The wide di
versity of leaders of the Presbyterian
church on the subject of revision of the
creed was demonstrated when the com
mittee of twenty appointed by the Gen
eral Assembly to effect this work and
submit it to the next assembly began its
labors to-day. . It was found that none
of the members of .any sub-committee had
united upon any. report or statement. [, -
The committee held several meetings
during the day, all the proceedings being
in executive session. The full committee
began the work of framing the briof
statement of a doctrine this afternoon.
The present long creed of the church will
be considered article by article. The tiew
statement will now comprise about 1000
words. The committee's views are that
this statement should be composed of
about twenty paragraphs, and when rhe
session had concluded for the day only
one of these paragraphs had been agreed
upon. ■
It was said to-night that after the con
clusion of- the work of the committee-.at
.Washington • statements • agreed upon
would be printed, and would be again
considered by the committee at a-meet
ing to be held some time in the spring,
before the gathering of the General As
sembly, thus giving the members of the
revision committee opportunity to again
pass upon their work before it shall oe
submitted to the governing body- of the
church. The members of the committ-re
will call on President Roosevelt to-mor
row. •
Lineman Loses His Life.
RED BLUFF. Dec. 4.— Barney Jacobson,
lineman of the Postal Telegraph Com
pany, while riding a railroad velocipede,
was run down by a light engine • a mile
south of Cottonwood this afternoon , and
terribly injured. He lived an hour after
reaching his home here. Jacobson -was
formerly a lineman -in Sen . Francisco.
THE SAN FEANCISCQ CALL, THURSDAY, DEUEMBEK 5, 1901.
VICTIM OF EXPLOSION AND
WRECK OF GELATINE MIX
ING HOUSE.
the present spot, exploded, and Superin
tendent Kennedy was killed. The wet
weather seems to bring on explosions and
winter is dreaded by the workmen. .
FAMOUS ARTIST
WINS AN HONOR
Constantine Makovsky
to Paint President's
; Portrait.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 14C6 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— Constantine
Makovsky, Russia's most celebrated por
trait painter, la to paint .President Roose
velt's portrait. He is an artist whoso
works have already gained for him | rec
ognition from connoisseurs of art in this
country. During " the World's Fair Ma
kovsky had several paintings on exhibi
tion there.
The great artist has been in this coun
try not quite three months. He came on
the same steamer as Count Cassini and
his party, and since. his arrival in Wash
ington has been entertained frequently at
the embassy. A brilliant reception and
the first large function to be held here
this season- was given last Friday by
Count Cassini to introduce him and
Madame Makovsky to Washington " so
ciety. "
In Marlenbad last summer Makovsky
began a portrait of Countess Cassini. As
it was not completed then he brought it
with- him to this country, but though he
has been here some time, the red tape
connected with the: passage -of goods
through the New York Custom-house has
prevented him from getting this unfin
ished picture. His patience becoming ex
hausted he, a few days ago, began an
other portrait of the young Countess -
Makovsky is the court painter at St
Petersburg. He has painted a portrait of
the Czar and his father before him as
well as all the Grand Dukes of the im
perial family. President Roosevelt will
give Makovsky his first sitting to-mor
row. ; : ■„•-•. • .
Says President Misquoted Him.
GUTHRIE. O. T.. Dec. 4.— Ex-Governor
William ' Jenkins, who was : removed from
tifflce by President Roosevelt, made a
public statement to-day denying, the in
sane asylum charges filed against him and
declared that ■ Roosevelt misquoted him ; Jn
the statement " given by the President . to
the press.^BSa^KMBBB^SBBBBBSBBBKmFl
LONG WELCOMES
INVESTIGATION
Hopes Congress Will Go
Into Depart
ment Affairs.
Rear Admiral Crowninshield
Is Also Anxious td Disprove
' Charges' Against Him.
Special. Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, H06.G STREET,: N.
W., WASHINGTON, Dec. '. 4.—Investiga
tion by Congress of the Navy Department
•will be • welcomed by /Secretary Long. and
other naval officials.. The resolution in
troduced yesterday by'.-'. Representative
Williams, of Mississippi contemplating . a
fiilli -investigation of .the -war with Spain
will meet ■• with no opposition from naval
officers.' Secretary Long said to-day that
if Congress desires to investigate his de
partment he will be glad to facilitate .the
work of the committee appointed.
: Rear, Admiral .Crowninshield is also will
ing that Congress shall make inquiry into
his ccfliduct of the Bureau of Navigation.
He feels he has done nothing which will
not bear the closest insDection and his
friends are confidant that if a fair and im
partial . inquiry were made it would be
shown that' he. is entirely guiltless of the
charges of conspiracy against Rear Ad
miral Sehley and of alteration of depart
mental records, which have been made by
irresponsible persons. The investigation
made by the Dewey court established con
clusively, according to officials of the de
partment, the falsity- of these charges.
The Williams resolution calls specially
for an inquiry into the report that Rear
Admiral Crowninshield approved the
proof sheets of the Maclay book. It is
stated authoritatively that no- such ap
proval was ever given, in fact Rear Ad
miral Crowninshield did, not see Maclay's
work until it was in book form.
It is admitted at the Navy Department
that Maclay is still employed as a laborer
at the Brooklyn Navy Yard. Action has
not been taken in his case because the de
partment is awaiting the receipt of the
findings of the Dewey court. The find
ings are expected to be submitted within
the next week.
SINGLE TON OF. OEE
; - PAYS FOE THE MINE
Charles D.. Lane's Purchase cf the
Eureka Property Proves a Prof
itable Investment. .
TACOMA, Dec. 4.— Charles D. Lane's
luck has once more stood him in good
stead. According to news brought here
by James Cady, a mining man of Slate
Creek, one single ton of ore taken from
Lane's Eureka mine in the Slate Creek
district contained enough gold to more
than pay him for the cost of the property
He bonded the mine for $60,000 in 1S97 car
rying forward development work- which
showed that it would become an immense
producer. The development has pro
gressed winter and" summer, only enough
ore being taken out to keep a ten-stamp
mill in operation.' The main shaft is now
down more than 300 feet and numerous
levels and cross-cuts are being run. Next
summer additional hoisting machinery
will be put in and arrangements made to
keep sixty or eighty stamps in o'peration
The main ledge contains several very
rich pay streaks, from one of which waa
taken the ton of ore mentioned by Cady
The Eureka was . discovered in 1S93 and
first bonded to Marcus Daly, who let his
contract lapse..
HOBHOUSg. INCIDENT. ; -. . . ■:
'• STIRS UP TROUBLE
LONDON. Dec. 4.— An interesting sequel
is promised to the Government's deporta
tion from South Africa of Miss Hob
house, who was. the first person to agi
tate regarding the condition of the Brit
ish concentration camps.
The lady's uncle, Lord Hobhouse, has
begun suit in , this country a&ainst Lord
Kitchener, Lord Milner and others on the
charge of false imprisonment and assauit,
thereby raising the constitutional ques
tion of how far a British subject can be
deprived of liberty by martial law. This
question hp.s not been' raised since the
case of the Jate Governor Eyer, in connec
tion with the rebellion in Jamaica.
KAHKET STREET RAILROAD
TO BUILD MACHINE SHOP
Corporation Will Construct and
Equip Its Boiling Stock in Its
New Building.
The Eastern . owners j of the Market
street Railroad Company have in contem
plation the building of a machine shop in
the near future. The site selected for the
building is the corner of Utah and Twen
ty-fourth streets. During the past week
the lot has been used as a kind of crema
tory for the destruction of old horse cars
that were in use before the company se
cured the franchise for an electric service.
The antiquated cars were useless and
were stored in the carhouses. to the great
inconvenience of the men handling and
switching' the more modern rolling, stock.
As no one could be found to purchase
them, they were taken to the Utah-street
lot and burned for the iron they con
tained. . . .
When the new machine shop is erected
all of the company's cars will be con
structed and all of the ■ repair 'work
will be done there. At present the repair
ing work is done in tho various carhouse-3"
while the heavier, work of equipping the
cars with motors is done on Kentucky
street. The cars have heretofore been
built at private establishments. The com
pany now contemplates constructing its'
rolling stock in one central building This
will give employment to hundreds of me
chanics, si^
HAZEL MONTGOMEHY WILL
. BECEIVE HER FORTUNE
Young' Lady Beaches Her Majority
and Trusteeship of A. \v*. Foster
Is Ended. .
Hazel Montgomery, daughter of the
late Alexander Montgomery, attained her
majority Tuesday. *A- W. Foster, surviv
ing trustee of. the fund bequeathed her
by her father, petitioned the Superior
Court yesterday to release' him from his
duties and decree Hhat he turn over to
her $500,000, her share of the estate "\V
F. Goad, lately deceased, served as trus
tee with Foster for .a number of years
and since his death the care of the estate
has. devolved -upon Foster. Originally the
sum held in trust was $1,000,000, but Anna
Montgomery, another daughter, received
her share when she became of age a few
years ago. In order to secure the/disso
lution-of the trusteeship Foster has en
tered friendly suit against Miss Elizabeth
Rodgers, formerly Mrs. Montgomery
mother of the two girls, and her husband'
Arthur Rodgers. : .
POLICEMAN HAS HARD
TTJSSLE WITH BTJBGLARS
Officer Hutchings, Surprises Them In
.Their Work and They
Show Fight. ■ „ •
k Policeman Hutchings had a hard tussle
In the dark with three burglars whom he
surprised while; they were attempting to
loot the rooms over 1 Eddy street shortly
before 2 o'clock this morning:. - One of the
men succeeded in making his escape, but
Hutchings landed the other two safely in
jail. They gave their names as William
Oniel; and 'Sidney -Williams.: Both are well
known to the police. _ ,
Oniel was treated. at, the Central Emer
gency Hospital for lacerated .wounds . of
the; face, which he received in the early
morning struggle with .the policeman. ; ;
Licensed^to Marry.
OAKLAND, Dec. 4.— Licenses < to marry
were issued; to-day /.to James '-Dowling
aged 22. years, ; and- Kate -.Kelly, 20, both
of. San ' Francisco; -Frank VAvllia',\ 31, . At
water.ifMercedf County.-".'- and^Malinda "-P :
Gonzales/ 24,- Oakland.; .' r
PEDIGREED DOGS AND FOWLS
POSE PROUDLY AT EXPOSITION
Oakland Show Opens Successfully and Promises to
Be Popular to the End.
IMPRESSIONS OF A- CALL CARTOONIST GAINED DURING AN AFTERNOON SPENT AT OAKLAND'S DOG
SHOW, LISTENING TO EXPLANATIONS OF THE POINTS OF AN ASSORTED LOT OF CANINES-PRIZE
WINNERS AND OTHERS-BY THEIR ADMIRING MASTERS: .
Dec. 4.— The Oakland
(I \V poultry, dog and pigeon show in
II ]| the Exposition building opened
to-day and fully justified all the
promises that have been made
for it. The poultry section, according^ to
H^nry Berrar of San Jose, one of thp
judges, holds the best exhibition ever
seen on this coast and one equal to any
thing ever held in America.
. Every class of high grade domestic fowl
is well and strongly represented, espe
cially in the case of the Barred Plymouth
Rock family. The incubator department
attracts considerable attention, especially
among the school children, who attended
the exhibition after school hours in
"while it is essentially a poultry show;
there is a fine collection of dogs. From
a noise standpoint the dogs constitute the
feature of the exhibition. All the 'birds
and most of the dogs were judged dur
ing the day. but the awards will not be
made public until to-morrow. ,
Probably the handsomest animal In 'the
show is the St. Bernard, Lester C, owned
by Charles Newman of San Francisco.
Le King, a St. Bernard entered by Phil
Meyer and the winner of many prizes in
the East, was Lester C's only formidable
competitor.
Lester C carried everything before him,
however, and- Newman's whoops of de
light outclassed the howling of the
noisiest dog by several octaves.
The show was largely attended during
the day and evening and promises to be
popular for the next three days.
The r>iqeon department is peculiarly in
teresting and includes birds from lofts
all over the State. The feature of the
pigeon exhibit is the runt class, which is
especially fine.
Prominent among the pigeon exhibitors
are A. B. Woods, W. S. Childs and C. B.
Jennings of Piedmont and Mortimer
Smith, Mrs. Blanche Knnx. A. Bormann.
C. J. .Siegfried and G. T. Marsh of San
Francisco.
WOMAN REVEALS
KIDNAPERS' PLOT
Oakland Citizens Are
Warned to Carefully
Guard Children.
Oakland Office San Francisco Ca'l
1118 Broadway, Dec. 4.
Residents of the Lakeside district have
been warned by Chief of Police Hodgklns
to keep a careful eye on their children,
as the police have reason to fear the
existence of a plot "to do some wholesale
kidnaping. >. ' .
Chief Hodgklns reports that a few days
ago he 'received Information to this effect
from a- woman whose identity he prom
ised not to reveal. The woman told him
that she had overheard two men dis
cussing a plan , involving the abduction
and holding for ransom of the children of
two Oakland families. . The woman told
her story with such" circumstantial 'detail
that the Chief immediately detailed De
tectives Shorey and Holland to
gate. ■ - • ■ "■ . - * . '
He also notified and placed on thoir
guard Mr. and Mrs. A. D. Thomson, who
reside at 117 Thirteenth street, and whose
child was one of the proposed victims of
the alleged kidnapers. The parents of th«
other subject of conspiracy, whose iden
tity .tho Chief declines to divulge, were
also warned.
Every, police' officer in 'the city has been
instructed to be on the lookout for sus
picious characters and to watch particu
larly for strangers loafing in the vicinity
of the homes of wealthy, citizens.
Chief Hodgkins believes In the sincerity
of the woman upon whose information
he is now acting, and willleave nothing
undone to first of all prevent a successful
carrying out of this or similar plots, and
if possible to arrest the would-be kid
napers. -— "i ■
The Chief has detailed a : number t>f of
ficers for this particular duty, and the
patrol of the Lakeside district, where are
located' the homes of the alleged kidnap
ers' prospective prey, has been'material
ly Increased. . ■■:■-"■ . :'• ■/
rHEDEBICK K. THT7ETT DEAD.
Tonner San Franciscan a •Victim of
, Quick Consumption. :
LOS ANGELES,: Dec. ,4.— Frederick K.
.Truett, -a /well-known' newspaper man and
recently i manager of , the Associated Press
agency in Los Angeles, died to-night; in
St. Agnes' Hospital' of quick" consumption.
Truett came -to Los Angeles from- San
Francisco, where he was chief bookkeeper
for the Western Union Telegraph Com
pany seven, or eight years ago. He was a
man popular among his associates;.
- Truett was: always in the best of health
until three months ago,vwhen;a sudden
pulmonary attack rendered. him unfit for.
business.- He i went to Arizona, . hoping to
improve 'his -'health;: but grew steadily
worseand returned to Los Angeles a week
ago. ■■ From day -until his death no
hope of recovery ..was* held out.^ \, r.' ;
The poultry exhibitors are:
W. H. Arps. Santa Cruz; a H. Adalr, Fres
no; Mrs. A. L. Adams. 1331 Ninth avenue, San
Francisco. . ■ "■'■ _ .,
S. M. Butler, San Bernardino; Arthur Bailey.
2301 Fifth street. Berkeley; E. M. Buckley.
2002 Powell street, San Francisco; Benjamin
Bryon, 1524 Tenth avenue-, San Francisco; Miss
F. Blalne. Oakland.
R. A. Condee. 134 Penrose street, Riverside;
C. B. Carrington, Hay ward; H. R. Campbell.
Petaluma; Mrs. W. C. Clausen, 4&> Tenth
street. Oakland. _.
W S. Clarke. Haywarda; William L. Cham
berlain, 132 Rotteck street. San i"rancis=o:
L. N. Cobbledick, 4ul Twelfth street. Oakland;
W. S. Chiids, Laurel Grove Park, Frultvale ;
Charles A. Connitt, 6208 Colby street. Oakland;
Craigie Lea Poultry Farm, Walnut Creek; Ar
thur W. Cowall. 1103 East Oak street, Stock
ton; J. R. Castle, Pleasant Grove.
E. L. Dunsheo. Mountain View; "William G.
Douqlas. 718 East Main street, Stockton; John
Dick, 35 ■: Wayne avenue, Oakland; George «.
A. Dimpfel, 492 Twenty-fifth street. Oakland.
Fair Oaks Duck Farm. 350 College avenue.
Oakland; Charles B. Foot. 1002 East Twenty
third street, . Kast Oakland; John Fahrenkros.
Fruitvale; Ferguson & Lamos. 310 Third street,
Oakland: Mrs. S. J. Fayle. Riverside: F.
Forbes, Napa; Charles Fitch, Oakland.
A. H. Gregory, Fruitvale; George Giblin Jr.,
High street, Melrose.
Master Eugene Hinds, Alameda; C. G. Hinds
& Co.. c"6S Briggs avenue. Alameda; Mrs. C. O.
Hinds. 3268 Briggs avenue. Alameda; W. T.
Hohenslicll. Elslnore; L. H. Herling. 1213 East
Twenty-second street. East Oakland; Norman
Hutt, 1545 Bay street, Alameda; H. H. Hol
land. El Oro Poultry Farm, Fresno; F. fa.
Hamilton, Stege; S. J. Hunter, Lonestar; J. F.
Heartwell, Highgrova.
A. E. Keith. 1C12 Sheridan street. Vallejo;
H. D. Knight, 761 Main street. Riverside; Key
& Kline. 510 Ninth street. Oakland, and 1336
St. Charles street, Alameda: Master Georgie
Key, 510 Ninth street. Oakland; Mrs. Blanche
Knox.. £23 Twenty-seventh street. Oakland;
Fred Rogers Kutz, 1232 Madison street, Oak
land.
H. A. Loud. Vacaville; Mrs. A. H. Ladd.
P. O. Box 323, Modesto; George D. Lubben,
,1620 Webster street. Alameda; TV. P. l.yon.
Edenvale.
M. J. Madison, Haywards; William Marshall,
£an Rafael; Mrs. Emma F. Michel, Summit
avenue, Oakland; James Mitchell. St. Helena:
MOTHER'S DEATH
BRINGS SUICIDE
Grief Causes Miss Nellie
McLerie to End Her
Life.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, Dec. 4.
Long brooding over the death of her
mother so preyed upon the mind of Miss
Nellie McLerie, residing at 312 Church
street, San Francisco, as to cause her to
end her life last night at the home of
Mrs. Robert Dalziel. 522 Fifteenth street,
where the despondent, young woman was
a guest. Miss McLerie turned on the
gas in her bedroom, where she waa
found dead this morning by members of
the family, who discovered the strong
odor of escaping 'gas and made the lri
vestigation, which disclosed the suicide. -
The young woman had been subject to
fits of extreme depression and melan
cholia for several years. Her father,
Henry J. McLerie, a contractor of San
Francisco, had tried', many remedies to
meet his daughter's peculiar mental con
dition, but nothing had been of more
than temporary "avail.
Two weeks ago. In the hope that a
change might be beneficial. Miss McLerie
accepted the Invitation of Mrs. Dalziil,
an intimate family friend, to go to their
home in this city..
There was not a suggestion of the im
pending deed when Miss McLerie retired
last night.
Mrs. Dalziel said:
Nellie had been playing the piano and sing
ing shortly. .before she retired. The horror of
her taking oft ,tvas all the more terrible be
cause Ve had not the slightest* idea that this
was in her mind. She had realized her condi
tion, but had 'always struggled to fight off her
melancholy moods. Her - mind had not been
right since her mother's death.
Miss McLerie had made deliberate prep
aration for death, having stopped all the
openings and crevices in her. room aa
tightly i as possible. • ■: ;- — ; • ■ '
The Coroner has charge of the case.
The deceased was; 35 years of age, a na
tive of San Francisco. A sister. Miss
Jean T.- McLerie, is .a teacher in the
Sherman Primary School . in San Fran
cisco. ftJUB£BflMnBMMMBHBI
Lynching-. Case Progresses Slowly.
ALTURAS, Deo. 4.— No progress was
made to-day in tne selection of jurors to
try ; James/ W. Brown, the alleged leader
of the Lookout lynchers. A number of
veniremen were examined, but none were
chosen. Seven men have been sworn thus
far. ■RHEKfci fiHRMBSSBBSSMI
Santa Cruz Offers a Site.
SANTA CRUZ, Dec. 4.— At a meeting of
citizens- and the City Council ; to-day a
resolution was adopted formally offeriug
Laveaga Heights to the United State3 for
F. E. Mason, 1710 Everett «treet. Alameda.
James S. Naismith, 471 Twelfth street, Oak
land; George B. Nugent, 709 Prevost street,
San Jose; J. II. Nelson. St. Charles street and
Eagle avenue. Alameda; O. T. Nobman, 1727
Broadway, Alameda.
Osgood & Son, 2203 Telegraph avenue, Oak
land.
Mrs. J. Plaw," East Twenty-seventh street,
Frultvale; J. F. Pfaff. 1521 Railroad avenue.
Alameda; W. K. Pearson, 1614 Tyler street,
Lorin; S. H. Pettitt, Brown. and Delmas ave
nues. San Jose. . . '-\~--±~--
Willis S. Rose, Antloch; M. Ross. 723 Linden
street. Oakland; J. I. Rogers. 1019 Centra] ave
nue, Alameda; Mrs. J. I. Rogers. 1019 Central
avenue, Alameda; D. A. Robertson. 2263 Pa
cific avenue, Alameda ; Edwin C. Richards, 13-7
South Madison street, Stockton; G. W. Rogers,
2117 Ninth street Sacramento; J. R. Rlddell.
Fresno (rural route No. 1); C. B. Rick. 3384
Central avenue, Alameda; G. A. Rothaxnel. 36J
Telegraph avenue. Oakland.
Mrs. Elliott Steinhauser, "WatsonvUle; Frank
H. Seely. l West Eddy street. San Francisco;
J. F. Sarmento. San Leandro; C. M. Self ridge.
216 East Sixteenth street. Oakland; T. B. C.
Sieleken. box 61. Calistoga; A. J. Schmittgen.
530 Twelfth street, Sacramento; George Sher
man. 1611 Delaware street. Berkeley; Santa
Teresa Poultry Farm. Edenvale: G. J. Sieg
fried. Alameda; George M. Seaton, El Retlro.
Santa Cruz; Mrs. Mary E. Stoval. 977 Seventh
avenue. East Oakland.
H. S. Toyntoa, 1530 Woolsey street. Berkeley
A. O. Tait. 1311 Fourth avenue, Oakland
O. Van Every & Co.. 3S19 Pearl street. Oak
land: F. B. Van Nostrand. 531 Taylor avenue
Alaroeda; Rufus C. Vose. 1 Kimball place. San
Francisco.
J. VT. Wakefleld. Acampo; "Williams Brothers
Fruitvale; Winters Collie Kennels. Winters- S.
E. Wood, 2901 Fifth street, West Berkeley; E
A. Willing. 1104 Santa Clara avenue. Alameda:
A. S. J. Woods. 2206 Woolsey street. Berkeley;
Ellas Williams, Arbor street and Eaxle ave
nue, Alameda: Percys Ward, Burson.
Charles H.» Young. Santa Clara.
In the dog department the cocker span
iels and collies have large representation
There Is also a prime display of fox ter
riers. Field dogs are in evidence and
fanciers are much pleased with the ken
nela that are on display.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
: The Best Stimulant \
i ' . ::
\ When worn out or run down « '
I is found in ] |
■I (51 : ■ ■ ' ■ ii!
;: g§ Hunter;;
Upl Baltimore . -
; |B||p|pl The Finest Type j
i^tT"s||| Purest Whiskey, j
! a /?eii§3^§M^ * l k P ar ticularly 4
' ySSllSSiIE**^ recommended to i
1 V^^^?ffiW *^ women because of J
' j^WTTTjQro^ ltS agS and CX " t
, , CHRISTY & WISE COinOffllO^ CO.. Iac» 4
SZUB& California St., 8«i Fiindseo, Cil 2
Telephone llain 8TX 7
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S great/)
OF ANfiTOHY^
\ .fcjf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
fi) rm-ijn World. 1 - Weaknesses or any contracted Q
VSS&fl «iuease po»Iii*^ly cared hj the oldest T
® «HS Specialist on the Coasc Est 36 years. ©
tf^^i Cri ' JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEM 6
\ !n|^ Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
V M AavC Trsaiment personally or by letter. A ff
I 1» n I^uitiv Cur* in evtfry case undertaken. • T
B r 1 1 111 Write (br Book. PBlLfllloraY mt A
" J 13 * IHAIIKIA«E. MAILED FKBB. (Af
A /{ |j, Talusble book for mrn) \
Y Da. JOBDAS <Bt CO.. 1051 Mf»rk?t SL.S. P. f
.» _*BI'J1I n_%.i B1 C ** Is • non-pol«onon»
jvfrfvr\Li?» •■^g^- *r remedy fQr Uooorrhaea,
i^ir?^ CURES^$A Whitog. unnatural dia*
i&Sar la 1 to 5 d»T«. * charges, or any inflamma-
kls' J Gaar»ate«d to ** tioa, irritatiou or nlccra-
OOU ?rereat MU|hn. 'fe" 'v^^Hn-T/
KWtheEva«CheuolCO. sold by »rtiffsl3t«,
.E^3 or sent ia plain wmpper,
>cs®|k. V.3. x, yfi«3 b7 ezpresa, prepaid, for
A^S|K_-rr!^jg< fi.co. or 3 bottles, |2.73.
* Cireolar eont ca request.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTER3. THB
Great Mexican Remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual orgaoa. Dcjpot. 323 ilariieu
■ A 1 1^ 1 Jfciam m li^^Mm ■ ■ 1 1 ■ i^^J
1112
bAN FRA3VCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE -of The San Francisco
Call, corner "of Market and Third Etirets; open
un'i! 1! o'clock every nlcht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICCS— 527 Montgomery street
corner Clay; open uitil 8:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister ftrt-et; open until 9:3C p. m.
£15 Lavkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1SU MifcMon ttreet ; open until 10 p. m.
lid Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
ur.nl 9 i>. :n.
lOfi Kleven-.h *tr*>et open until 9 p. ra.
1C3< Valencia street, cpen until 9 p. ra.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky ptreets: open until 9 p. m.
SSW Fillmore utreet: open until 9 p. m.
cuvncii services.
LOWEn Scott iFhTlaliTLarkln etrwt near
Markrt-Ftx<cial «ddre.«* THIS BVENtNO.
7:4i o'clock, by MR. ALFRK1> MACE. "W hut
Is Man? Has He an Immortal Souir OOSMl
«.1J !-«•-*<>» Sunday. Tuesday. W «i1nc«d«y and
Thur*<l«y evening* of iifxt wwk. « :4j o ciock.
' Come end briny your Wbl<*». Free to all.
MEETING NOTICES. ■
A REGULAR mwtlnff of T*rba nuena' %^
l..-,i---. of IVrfcctlon N6. 1. A. ana A.
Pevussh Rite or Freemasonry, will b« F\
' lirUi in romnmndrry Hall. Masonic fl»>\
Temp!? on THURSDAY EVENING, ft**
DWmbVr 5, 1901. at S o'clock. Dejnr* fourth.
HENRY BURNER, Secretary^
MISSION Chuptw No. 7». R- .A. M.— f»
Ptatel niPHlnp THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. Hufincps, M. f^K
M. degree. Py order of the H. P. '^ ■
JOHN R. HILLMAN, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodp* No. 1. F. iind A. _»
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) _J\_
EVENING, December 6. .it 7:30 o'clock. K^K
Stated meeting and election of officers. ' ~r i
By order of the Master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and A. m .
M.— Annual meeting THIS (THLRS-
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Elec- lCJ\
tion of officers for ensuing term. By ' y
order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH SAN~FRANCISCO Lodge No. «
212 F. and A. M.— Annual stated meet- J%
ir.c THIS (THURSDAY) EVENING at 3k>T
■ 7:20 o'clock. *
E. C. HARE, Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216, F. and A. M.— n
Stated annual meeting THIS (THURS- _J%_
PAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. By TtJ?
order of the Master. • ***
3. R. GOLDSMITH, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. »
M.— Officers and members are hereby J^
notified to attend the funeral of JOHN *? *»
H. A.- FAST, late a member of Santa r^y\
Cruz Lodge No. 3S, from the Masonic Temple,
FRIDAY, the 6th inst.. at 1 o'clock p. m.
Master Masons, relatives and friends are cor-
dially Invited. A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary.
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 15. I.
O. O. F.— Officers and members
ivill plea-e attend meeting- TO-
NIGHT (THURSDAY). December - >r «»»w
5. 1S0L Election oX officer*.
T. C. MARTIN, N. G.
J. J. DE HAVEN*. Rec. Sec.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 179. I.
O. O. y.— Klection of officers THIS
• THURSDAY) EVENING. Mem-
bers are requested to attend. <V"Bv«"-
F. R. WEBB. N. G.
E. S. WISWELL. R. S.
MECHANICS' Institute, quarterly meeting no-
tice—The quarterly meeting of the Mechanics'
Institute will be held at 31 Poet Bt. SATUR-
DAY,- December- 7. 1901, at- 8 p. m. Reports of
officers will be read, an amendment to the
constitution will be considered, nominations
for trustees will be opened.
JAMES K. COSGRAVE. Rec Secretary.
OHIO Society of California— The regular month-
ly meeting will be held in Balboa Hall, N. S.
G. W. building:. 414 Mason at.. FRIDAY. De-
cember 6, at S o'clock p. m. Take the ele-
vator. LOUIS P. McCARTY, Secretary.
PAAUHAU SUGAR PLANTATION CO.. office
£27 Market et.. San Francisco, Nov. 20, 1901:
Annual meeting — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Paauhau Sugar Planta-
tion Company -will be held at the office of the
comuany, 327 Market Et», in the city and
county cf San Francisco, State of Califor-
nia, on SATURDAY, the 7th day of Decem-
ber. 1SCL at the hour of 11 o'clock a, m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors
to eerve for the ensuing year, and for the
furpoee or amending paragraph I of article
XIII of the by-laws of the company relat-
ing to the annual meeting of stockholders,
end for such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books will close
on Nov. 26. 190L at Z o'clock d. m. By order
cf the president.
H. W. THOMAS. Secretary.
AGESTS WASTED.
AGENTS — Do you want something more profit-
able and easier to Bell than books or ineur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg.
GOOD steady agent: to rieht man -will pay sal-
ary and commission. BROWN, 418 Larkin st
RELIABLE agents tranted. J. A. HOFF-
MAN'N. H3 Bush et.
ASrHALTUM HOOFING.
J. rELTIER, asphalt roofing. Eidewalks re-
paired; postal 11S6 Mission; teL Folsom 2477.
CITY ASPHALTUM CO., 632 Market St.— Roofs,
s'.deivalks. floors; cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
.' ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE- free; divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no charge without success; established 16 yrs.
. Open evenings by appointment ; phone John 3181.
G. W. HOWE. 850 Market Bt.. cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections ; attachments : mortgages ; bills of sale :
partnerships; deeds; wills crawn;fees low;open
eve's. THL'RSTON, lOOS^ Mkt. r. 4, opp. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law specialty; private;
office open evenings; moderate fee If success-
ful. HUGH C. GRANT. 827 Market Bt.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON, S27 Market Et, opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees In advance.
1I1CYCJ..KS— For Sole or Exchange.
<JOOD pecond-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up-
tend for bargain list LEAVITT & BILL
SOS Larkin Et ■
HOARDING FOR. CHILDREN.
GOOD borne for girl not under 3 years; private
family. 4105 Twentieth et.
t BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 2356.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BUREAU TRUXKS. ' ~~
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom, 826 Howard.
BLS1A1SSS CHAACES. "
A— £500— THE leading hoteT^f~Napa~Co" ; ~io
rooms, dining and billiard parlors, barroom;
clears all expenses and more; rent $75; 5 years'
lease: a splendid chance. Call R. G. WILKE
26\s Kearny st. .- *
A-J?00; SALOON, including 8 furnished rooms;
a splendid paying business; lease; location
can't be beat; rare chance for any one Call
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st
A— J1300; BAKERY, including stock; rent $40;
living rooms; best location; no opposition; es-
tablished years; good paying; sickness of
owner only cause of sale. See K. G WILKJ&.
26^ Kearny st
A— tJOOO; HAIR store with manicure parlors
cltaring at least $290 per month; location close
to Chronicle bldg.; place establ. 10 years- only
best class of customers. Call R. G. WILKE
26^4 Kearny et. '
A— FLORIST store, near Market st and Grant
ave.; price ?800; a splendid paying business.
- Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kfearny st. aeBS '
A-J200; HALF- INTEREST in one of the best
paying Ealoons on Pacific et., near Montgom-
ery; or win sell whole place for $600; part-
ners don't agree. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A — $C00; SALOON on Sansome st. ; rent $25; very
choicest location and a good paying business
Tor particulars. R. G. WILKE, 26^4 Kearny.
A^$500;- CHOP and oyster house; only 1 block
of The Call building; bargain. Call R G
WILKE. 26H Kf.arny st.
A— $400; COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth St.. about 1 block from Market; rent
$30; a good paying business. /Call R. G
WILKE, 2Ctf Kearny et. t
A— $3500; SALOON, about 4. doors from Call
building; if you mean business I give you par-
ticulars. R. G. WILKE, 26>4 Kearny st.
WE have all kinds of business chances— If you
want to buy, come and see our list; we can
cult you; sellers do well to list their property
with us; we can find & buyer quick. MILEo
& CO.. 827 Market. Bt, room 20S.
FOR SALE— 30-foot sloop, ' first-class condition;
new pails; must be cold this week; price $325
MILES & CO.. 827 Market et. room 208: "
ETENBERG CO.. 759 Market et.
Phone Black 15491.
Buys and sells real estate, furniture, lodging-
houses, restaurants, business " chances of all
kinds. Phone calls promptly attended.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st.
If you want to buy or sell business, call at
our office, room 2; Fee our large list of dif-
ferent chances; a friendly Inquiry costs noth-
ing. : . .. ■" -:•■;-'.
FOR SALE.
Saloon; good location.
. -Apply. 644 Sacramento street - ----- -— —
Room three. ■ '
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market nr. Call bldg.
Long list of businesses for sale; please call.
BUSINESS CnAXCESU-ro"«ti«"-fl.
A— WE buy. sell or exchange business of any
kind. STRAND &> CO.. 2C9 Kearny st
A— $450; RESTAURANT near Kearny st. ;
clears $150 mo. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny.
A— J2.'.0; BRANCH bakery and variety store; 3
rooms; rent $1S. STRAND & CO..209 Kearny.
A— $250; PARTNER commission business: will
clear $75 mo. each. STRAND & CO.. 209 Krny.
A— MERCHANTS. ATTENTION!
Do you want to sell your business, or do you
want a partner for a legitimate business? We
can sell your business or secure a partner
Quickly and without publicity: money ad-
vanced. WILLIAMS. V1ERECK & CO..
Rooms 3 and 4. 1104 Market »t. cor. Mason.
AN experienced business man required as an
active partner in an old established live
uholesala jobbing and manufactuiing cofte;
and fipK'i bus'r.eM located In oui whoksal*
district ; an excellent business opening for
the rlelit man; principals only. Address box
»417. «>U office
FOR ssle— Half fntfjtst In Job printing and
newspaper buslnew, or will sell Job depart-
ment entire; s»o& chanc* for good live Job
printer. Address box 516. i'an Jose, Cal.
INVESTORS' savings rnn earn minimum ot
12% p*r annum, payable quarterly; guaran-
teed from kms; particulars on application.
Add. Investment Dept, 66 Broadway, N. Y.
$300— CIGARS, stationery and notions; Rood bus-
lnera location; transfer point. Waiting room
Twenty-ihird-ave. pt.it Ion. East Oakland.
WANTED— A hardware store in city of 1000 to
,mvi inhabitants; c*ash sale. Address box W,
Auburn, C&l.
A— FOR cigar stands that actually make
money, Eee C. L. HEDGES, 461-2 Parrott big.
A — CAUTION; don't buy any business before
procuring Buyers' Guide; $L 462 Parrott big.
FOR sale— Downtown saloon. Albany Brewery,
8th and Harrison, 10-12 o'clock; cheap rent
A CITY front luch house and saloon for sale.
Apply 629 Davis st. . . ■
CANDY store and icecream parlor; $230; 3 large
living rooms. 1521 Devlsadero Et. _^
ACTIVE dry goods salesman with $1000 or more
can secure good investment and position with
rising house. Address O. STEWART, 27 Mar-
ket st, San Francisco.
FOR sale— A good planing mill In a lumber
yard; located In a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healdsburg. Cal. j
$1000— SALOON for Bale, in the best business
part of Napa. For particulars address P. O.
box S2, Napa. Cal. •'
SALOON, with rooms, for sale cheap. 80 Jack-
son st
RESTAURANT— Great sacrifice; must be 60ld;
wholesale and milling district. 511 Brannan.
SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
111^ East st, north of Market
$1000— A GROCERY business In residence part
of San Jose. Address A, Call office, San Jose.
COAL and wood yard for sale. Apply 629
Halght et. . ■ j
RESTAURANT; good place man and wife; ex-
penses low; low rent. Box 2443. Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
E4-ROOM corner house $1000
10 rooms on Eddy st 850
18 rooms on Third st 950
24 rooms, 2 fronts; clears $200 1600
33 rooms; best in the city ! 2000
60 rooms; sure to clear $300 36C0
CALL FOR MY LIST OF BARGAINS IN
LODGING-HOUSES.
From 6 to £00 rooms: prices from $100 to
$25,000.
CALL FOR MY LIST OF BOARDING-
HOUSES. /
..From 8 to 350 rooms; prices $75 to $40,000..
CALL FOR MY LIST OF HOTELS
..From 20 to 800 rooms; prices $100 to $50,000..
CALL FOR MY LIST OF FLATS AND
PRIVATE HOMES.
....From 4 to 15 rooms; prices $200 to 12000....
CALL IF YOU WANT A HOUSE ON PAY-
MENTS.
CALL IF YOU WANT A LOAN
CALL IF YOU WANT CITY OR COUNTRY
REAL ESTATE. ■
CALL IF YOU WISH TO BUY
....Sell or exchange any kind of property....
.........I CAN SUIT YOU
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER?
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; phone Mint 796.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT COMPANY,
£50 Market st.. Tel. Davis 28L
OUR OWN BARGAINS.
NEVER BEFORE ON THE MARKET.
CASH $700.
16-room flat, new, modern and well furnished;
best location; housekeeping.
CASH $4000.
85 rooms, family hotel, every room occupied,
elevator, modern improvements.
CASH $2000.
j 40-room select boarding house, centrally lo-
cated, doing good business.
CASH $1500.
18-room rooming and boarding house, best lo-
cation, cheap rent. • - .
CASH $1500.
52-room worklngman's hotel, dining-room,
barber shop; reading-room on ground floor; new
plumbing, gas fitting, papering and painting
throughout; new bathtubs and toilets on every
floor; leaee.
ROOMING HOUSES. HOTELS. FURNISHED
FLATS IN ANY PART OF THE CITY AT
LOWEST PRICES FOR CASH OR EASY
PAYMENTS.
MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATES.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
9 rooms; bargain; $50 cash, bal. payments $150
22 rooms; income $200; elegant; bargain.. 1500
8 rooms; well furnished 400
33 rooms; grand transient location 2200
25 rooms; good location; clears $150 1200
16 room*; corner; part cash 1000
28 rooms; clears $60; payments 400
99 rooms: grand corner: clears $600 5500
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
20 rooms; good location; money maker... 750
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
A, H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
40 ROOMS; sunny and every room rented: good
location; clears $200: $2850. RETSLOFF.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market Bt. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 2L 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargain*.
6 r.; modern flat: Van Ness: new $350 I
14 r. ; rent $45; residence; good fur.; piano. 900 |
34 r.; good cor.; fur., carp.; low rent.. 2700
E3 r.; cor. apart.; tctal expense per mo. 175
31 r.; rent low; good house every way — 2150
24 r.; rent $65; Al loc: reduced to 1000
23 r.; offices; rent $110; els. $200; investigate
14 r.: rent $40; trans, loc. ; clears $100 1300
7 r.; rent $45; modern flat: leaving city.. 375
./.....A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE
McBRIDE & CO., 765 Market st; some bar-
gains for to-day.
44 r.; good transient house; cheap $2100
r,f. r. ; on Ellis st. ; good paying 3500
38 r. ; on Market st. ; business location.. 2000
100 r.; on Howard st.; money maker...... 1500
5 rooms and bath; good, nice flat...... 275
6 rms. and bath; fine location, fittings.. 600
These are all good locations and bargains; 50
more houses on list We loan money on
lodging-houses. If you have business for
sale, we can sell quick for cash. Call at 765
Market et.. rooms 1 and 2.
Near the Call building.
MARION GRIFFIN. 713 Market st, rms. 1-2.
Money loaned, lodging-houses or real estate.
I HAVE 516 HOUSES FOR SALE.
10 r.: rent $32; respectable % cash; cent.. $300
18 r. ; sunny side; nice-looking building; ;
all light rooms; locked door; clears $75.. 650
. 26 r. ; sunny side; clean; clears $35 month. 1600
34 r.; rent $100; well furnished; fine bus.. 2200
46 r. ; Sutter; first class; clears $2400 year. 4200
75 r. ; Sutter st; fashionable family hotel. 9000
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Market st 1026 Market st
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
■ 13 rooms; piano, sewing machine Included. $900
40 rooms; rent $60; good corner 2000
40 rooms; cheap rent; part cash 2200
43 rooms; central; Just listed 3200
22 rooms; cheap rent: part cash; only. 950
..SOP OTHER HOUSES TO SELECT FROM..
FOR sale— At Sacramento, Cal., a second-class
hotel of CO rooms, reading-room, dining-room,
kitchen and barroom; all the rooms rented to
steady lodgers; located on principal business
street; offered at a sacrifice, as owner's health
will not permit him to continue the business;
rent reasonable. For further particulars In-
quire of W. P. COLEMAN CO.. 325 J st.
Sacramento, Cal. „ .
M. E. RIVES. 916 Market; phone Main 128.
14 rooms; nice private boarding-house..... $850
18 rooms; sunny bay-windows; good buy. 1300
25 rooms (worth $2000); rent only $100 1400
46 rooms; low rent; part cash; bargain... 4000
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market Bt, opp. Mason.'
He can suit you In houses and prices.
MIDDLE-AGED man with best of references
and 6 years' experience In San Francisco,
wants lodging-house to manage; either salary
or per cent of profits. Box 2524, Call office. -
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in all parts of the city; get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
LODGING-HOUSE, the finest location in this
city; 15 rooms; turn people away every night;
$430 cash: $400 can remain. 7 Grant ave. .-
23 ROOMS: clears $80 a month; good location.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS ASSN.. 865^ Mkt
9-ROOM lodging house, complete, 'for -sale..
242 Sixth gt. - . .. - ■
SPIRITUALIS3I;
GRAND test seance to-night, 25c; independent
writing and psychic seance; every one re-
ceives a communication.' BROCKWAY, 1052
Ellis st; phone 10S6; readings daily.
A— MRS. DR. FARNHAM.N spiritual medium
and life reader: mining a specialty; clr. Sun.,
Wed, and Friday evening. 1035 Market ■ st
A— PROF. GEE, 108 Sixth st. ; satisfactory
. readings, 50c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night 605 McAllister; . 10c; come skeptics.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSB AT,! DECEMBER 5, 190ll
A— C V MILLER world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tue., Fri.. Sun.. 8 p. m.. BOc. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medieal. clairvoyant; sittings. $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
KATIE HUESSMAN removed to 1774 15th. nr.
Guerrero; readings by mall; sittings dally.
BROCKWAY' S seance Sunday. Tuesday. Thurs-
day. 25c. "S:15 p. m.: readings dally. 1052 Ellis.
MME. THYES. 14S 6th st— Test circle to-night,
only 10c; 8:15, private readings.
MME. DU PREE. 11SV4 Ellis", r. 4— Card read-
Ing lessons given: cards marked for reading.
KDWARD EARLE, S2S Ellla, phone Polk 1601:
sittings 9:30 to 5; soance Sun, and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 635 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: finings dally: test to all to-night. IQo.
CLA1KVOVANTS.
EXTOA'dRDINARY! EXTRAORDINARY I
CLAIRVOYANT-PALMIST.
CLAIRVOYANT-PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.
AS A TEST IN THE HEADING WILL TELL
YOUR NAME. AGE. OCCUPATION, WHOM
AND WHEN YOU WILL MARRY.
BUSINESS. LOVE, MARRIAGE.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, settles lovers' quarrels, re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies: gives full secret
how to control or Influence any one you love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours, 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5 Sun-
days.
Reception rooms 13 14 first floor,
1104-MARKET STREET-1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zlnkand s.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
locat-' at 17 Third si., next Examiner bldg. bhe
reads" your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be. told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-'
ket st. cor. Golden date ave.. rooms 25 and
26- take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
■with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A-LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT^ pgYCHIS _
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125, Turk St.; readings by mall.
LADIES ECc; clairvoyant, scientific palmist,
card reader, tells you how to be successful
In your undertakings and all things pertain-
ing to life. PROF. WELLER. 1007% Market
St., near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second eight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Gipsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis Bt, clairvoyant
crystal seer; reads your life correctly; gives
names, dates, facts, tells everything; read-
ings. BOc. $1; hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. '
BROOKS, 1206 Market— Suite 34 and 35; won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
ings,^I^$2jrea^ingsbyinall2satls£ac 1 £uan
MME LAROSE, 777% Market St., room 21, the
gifted clairvoyant, card reader; 25c up. •
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader: from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna Bt. nr. 4th.
CARD reading, palmistry included, 25c; ladles
only. 289 Fell st. ' -
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; Gorman spoken: tel. Jessie 156S.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
t has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. RAVENNA reads life Huently: business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARD reading; ladles. 10c; gentlemen, 25c. 625
Minna st. near Seventh.
CARPET HEATING AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.: steam cleaning, So: laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 801; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated, relald. 104 14th st. ;tel.Capp 25t2.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 391 GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. l"03 Harrison st: tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning "Works;
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlng Co.. 240 14th st. : tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
Ingrowing toenalls. bunions and (corns cured
painless) ro knife. Dr. Brown, graduated chl-
ropodlst.indorsed by med. prof'n. 304 Stocktor.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency; 6th
floor; 816 Market st. ; advice free. Tel. Bush
194: able body of attorneys. ■■
COTTAGES TO IiET.
A— SUNNY cottage, 6 rooms, bath; modern.
2211 Webster st.. near Clay.
" DENTISTS.
A^DIt T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg.— Painless dentistry at reason-
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 BO; other fill-
ings, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up.
Painless extraction.
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
!EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no student's; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours. 9 a. m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D., S., Manager.
A NEW plate — Tbe Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates $5, full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy et— Work done
. on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
LOWEST prices In S. F. ; painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. DentisU, 969 Mission, SE. cor. 6th.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN. 64 Sixth st
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H.. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815% Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
. less extraction, 50c ; plates $5 up ; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates ; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
FRENCH accordlan and knife pleating. WM.<
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
educational.
h^a^d's^s^h^oITof^eXectrical'engi-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; thoroughly
practical ; day and night 24 Post st, . S. F. ;
'catalogue free. . J ■ '
A YRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, • Spanish, etc. ; . experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat, free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
' all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free..
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
; school for the university, law and medical col-,
leges ; references, . President Jordan or any
' Stanford professor. Phelan building. ,
A— The official reporters of theSupremeCourt ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
. lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.; -
CALIFORNIA" Business College; most thorough
modern methds; I positions ' for ■ all . graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st; ■ >
MERRILL-MILLER . College— Shorthand, ,. typ-
lng,' practical bookkeeping.' Rooms ; 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; individual instruction; catalogue.'.
A-Miss Bolte's School. 2734 Pine * st. ; board •
'. .'Ens.,- French. German, music; $30 mo.; OMch.
EDUCATIONAI-— Contlnoetl.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining, mech. sur-
vey,- -assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. .Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert. 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. Ban Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st. .
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing po-
eltlons. Alcazar building. 120 O'FarreU st
A PIANO teacher from an Eastern conserva-
tory would like few pupl\a. Box 2563. Call.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason gt
BOUVIERE School of Acting, 26 O'FarreU st.,
room SO; positions guaranteed.
PROF. C. Hofrman. tenor and voice builder;
Italian method; concert and opera. 1017 Sutter.
Violin, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI, good
teacher. 1003 Mission; Instruments gelocted.
SPANISH taught; correct pronunciation; terms
moderate. J. H. UARCIA, 704 Sacramento st
FICUJRES-Nothlng like It for rapidity: $5.
TARR, 820 Parrott bldg., gives particulars.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, DOe; piano for practice. S9 Fifth at.
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, 814 Geary st. ;
day and evm, clauses; send for new circular.
ENGLISH. Lutln, Mathematics. Literature a
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine Et
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. : $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT J^E^iSS^^^^
A^JAPA^JESB reliable house cleaning; also
cooks and waiters furnished at short notice.
George Klnochita, 1233 Page st; tel. Fell 8501,
br"ch 605 Stevenson, cor. 7th; tel. Folsom 2711.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Of flee— Furnish ' most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; tel. Bush 616.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell,- nr. Sutter;tel.Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6182.
EMPLOYMENT W ANTED-— jFEMALE^
A YOUNG French girl desires situation as sec-
ond work. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary at. _\
ELDERLY woman wishes a place to do any
kind of light housework in city; no postals.
2 Cleveland St., opposite Columbia Park, bet.
Sixth' and Seventh sts.
WOMAN wants position to do general house-
. work; will work for moderate wages; good
city references. Address 1055 Howard Bt, bet.*
Sixth and Seventh. '
RESPECTABLE young woman wishes position
as first-class cook; wages $35; Jewish family
preferred; best references. 1220 Webster st.
A YOUNG lady wishes a position as stenogra-
pher and typewriter; accurate at figures.
Phone Pine 1196.
A CANADIAN woman would like a situation
1 In an American family; city or country. Ad-
. dress 2631 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl wants position to assist light
housework or, taking care of children. Ad-
dress 7 Howard court, bet. '4th and Sth sts.
WANTED— A situation as cook in a private
family; has good reference. Call 653 Folsom
Bt., near Third; no mall answered.
A RESPECTABLE elderly woman desires to
do light housework or care for infant; city
or short distance; references. Box 2575, Call.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, either wash-
- Ing or housecleaning. Address 1206 Railroad
ave. South or telephone Texas 72. ;
RESPECTABLE woman wants position to do
housework; good cook; plain washing; small
family. 124 Eighth st,
YOUNG woman wants work by the day 'wash-
ing or housecleaning; $1 and car fare; good
references. 213 Natoma st
YOUNG lady would like position as stenograph-
er or assistant in office. Box 2573, Call office.
A YOUNG lady stenographer wishes a posi-
tion; references. Box 2576, Call office.
A SWISS girl wishes situation in small Amer-
lcan family; wages $20. Box 2580. Call.
LADY would like a position as companion to
an elderly or Invalid lady, or would be -will-
Ing to be housekeeper for an elderly couple;
reference. Box 1509, Call office.
BY German lady, to work by the day, wash-
ing or housecleaning. Call at 453 Tehama
st., 6:30/p. m.
YOUNG woman with a child would like posi-
tion as housekeeper for respectable person.
Box 2563. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED Swedish lady desires a sltua-
. tlon as seamstress or nurse for children. Call
at 26C4 Twenty-second st, near Bryant
A LADY of 10 years' experience wishes position
as housekeeper for first-class rooming housa
or hotel by January 1 In exchange for rooms
and board; best references. Box 2518, Call.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st, near Mar-
. ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
COLORED lady wants situation as cook for
private family or boarding-house. 1006 Clay st.
WOMAN would like plain sewing to do at
home. 230^ Third st. . . . •
A WOMAN wishes chamber work or wash
dishes In hotel in city; reference. 917 Market.
CLASSIFIED advertisements an- subscriptions
■ received at Call .branch office, 2200 Flllmdre.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
POSITION wanted by reliable man; thoroughly
understands the care of horses; careful driver;
"milk; care of garden: generally useful; good
references. P. S., 21% Harrison ave., off
Folsom st. ■ ■
YOUNG man about 30, not afraid to work,
wishes position to do any honorable Indoor
work: small salary at first no object; bond
If necessary. Box 2561. Call office.
YOUNG man desires a clerical position; speaks
English and German; has some knowledge of
shorthand and typewriting. Address box 1148,
Call office. .
.GROCERY clerk with over 3 years' experience
and good reference would like to hear of a
place. Box 2560, Call office.
YOUNG man, German, with experience in
butcher business wishes position. Address
box 2570. Call office.
A GOOD second or short order cook desires sit-
uation; city or country. Box 2574, Call office.
YOUNG hotel man wants position as clerk, bus
driver, porter, etc.; steady position more than
large wages: country preferred. Box 2364,
Call office. Oakland. ; .
RELIABLE young man wants situation as man
about place ; \ handy with horses. Box 2555,
Call office.
YOUNG man attending school wants place to
work for his. board. Box 1507. Call office.
WANTED— By an elderly, reliable man, em-
ployment; small wages. Address box 2489, Call.
RELIABLE man. wishes a position; thoroughly
underctands the care of trotting horses. C.
A. MILLER, box 2545, Call office.
WANTED— By competent and trustworthy man
• .(married) to take charge of vineyard or ranch;
references. . Address 3S6 Forty-fifth st. West
Oakland. -.. . -- -.-•■••.'■ • , : • . •
GERMAN. , steady, sober man,' desires situation
porter or lunch man; do little cooking. K.
L.,.361 Jessie st.
CLASSDTIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been- established at 1096
Valencia st.
- FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks: and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks. and bonds underwritten. Call
or address ; main office, 607-8-9 Parrott bldg. ■
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken In payment.for services; good mining
and industrial propositions '•■■ wanted: gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
FLATS TO; LET.
A— FOR sale— The furniture of an 8- room mod-
v , era flat; everything choice and new; rent rea-
sonable. , Call 1020 Ellis st. ; phone East 283.
"A— SUNNY 4 rooms; warm belt 3D Julian ave.,
bet 14th and 15th. Mission and Valencia sts.
-WALLER, 1708, near Park-'-Sunny upper flat, 3
. rooms. '. $11 ; ■ Inclosed ■' porch ; gas ; mantels.
NICE lower flat, 6 rooms, bath; yard and gar-
. den; $20. "963 Oak at. ' ■ .
VALENCIA, 549, bet. 16th •' and > 17th— $17 50 ;
L : cheapest flat In city; 5 sunny rooms, bath;
FLATS 'WANTED. ,
A NEW "and neatly furnished" flat- of 3 or; 4
.; rooms, north of Market. -Box 2566," Call ofllce.
FURNITURE FOR 8 AXES.
5 ROOMS furniture for sale; must be sold. 963
Jefferson St., Oakland; call from 10 to 2 dally.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $43 50, with No. ~7
range! King Furniture Co.'. 1127-1131 Market.
' FURNITURE! WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market st; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larktn
27S2; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1133 Market.
_ CLOVES.
CHRISTMAS present— panlchefl Klove order;
factory price suar. ; kept In repair. 131 Grant.
WANTED— 6 cooka, with and without wash*
in*, $30 and $3S; 4 second Rlrls In city ami
Oakland, $20 and $25; K waitresses for city and
country hotels, $20; 10 cooks, small washing,
American famtllon. $25, light housework, sleep
home, $30; cook, second girl, laundress, all
wiine house, 3 In family, see party office, $30,
$25, for American family; housework of
nil kinds In city, Oakland. Alameda. all near*
by towns; call early. J. F. CROS12TT & CO.,
334 Sutter et.
WANTED — 2 men and wives for ranch work;
short distance In country; $40; see party at
office 9 o'clock to-day. J. F. CROSETT St
CO., 334 Sutter st
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1573
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
8 waitresses, city and country hotels, $20 and
$25; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20; woman
cook, $10. and assistant, $20, for small private
boarding house.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cook. $30; 8 house girls across bay, $25; many
choice positions for cooks and house girls,
city and country. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
S3o Geary et '<
A YOUNG saleslady for extra work in candy
store; no experience necessary. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
A COOK and housegirl. ....$25
Nurse same house $20
Scandinavian or German girl see lady at our
office. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
:<^:;.Q; iO4 Geary st
HELP 'wanted — Infant's- nurse, $25; second girl,
good waitress. $25. CATTELL'S. 525 Eighth
Bt.. Oakland.
WANTED— GIRLS and WOMEN to learn hair-
dressing, manicuring, electrical face massage,
shampooing, dyeing and bleaching, etc.; full
course, 3 weeks; tuition $1 per week; positions
positively guaranteed: 4 good positions in fine
stores now open to those entering Immedi-
ately. 8. F. HAIRDRESSING COLLEGE,
! first and only school of the kind on Pacific
Coast; all others are Imitators. S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE. 233 Geary, rooms 13-15.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 18
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough
and Grove sts.
GIRLS! California Hairdresslng College. We
teach the 20th century profession for women;
all branches taught, > Including the Jiydro-
v'acu and Pack-Pague treatments; latest
methods; special rates; visitors welcome.
Supreme Court bldg., 305 Larkin St.; take*
elevator.
FIRST-CLASS sewers on tennis gowns, waists,
skirts, etc., to take work home. H. FRIED-
LANDER, 338 Fell St.
"■WHOLESALE house desires the services of a
woman not under 25 who Is accurate and trust-
worthy; permanent position. Box 2577, Call.
A GOOD reliable woman wanted at 1114 Ten-
nessee St., to do general housework and mind
one child; 4 in family; wages $15 or $20. '
A LADY of Indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F. PERSON, room 412, Parrott building.
WAITRESS wanted at 1191 Market St.
WANTED — An experienced wrapper. MARKS
BROS., 1213 Market street.
WANTED— Young lady for cream dipping.
QRUENHAGEN BROS., 20 Kearny st.
APPRENTICE to learn dressmaking; paid
while learning. 14 Grant ave.. room 64.
A GIRL to assist at housework; carfare paid.
1318 California st.
RELIABLE girl to assist with housework; $20.
15 Baker st, near Halght."
WANTED — Housekeeper for family of three.
Box 2559, Call office.
HANDS wanted for dressmaking, at 830 Fol-
som st . „ ■
WANTED— Strong young girl to assist with
housework; good home. 1612 Scott st.
GIRL for plain cooking; references. 1268 O'Far-
rell St. ■ .
WANTED— A first-class waitress at S04 Mason
st; wages $8 a week.
NURSEGIRL. Call In morning at 2643 Bryant
st., near Twenty-fifth. . ■
A GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
ing; no washing; wages $18 to $20. 249 Fourth.
GIRL for general housework. 2651 Howard
St., bet. Twenty-second and Twenty-third.
WANTED — Young girl to . work In bakery;
wages $20. 516 Hayes st.
WAITRESS wanted— Experienced only. 20
Third st.
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices on
men's neckwear. L. 8AMTER & SON ' 518
Market at.
SMALL girl, 13 to 15 years of age. for light
housework; wages $7. 264 San Carlos ave.,
oft Twentieth, near Mission.
GIRL wanted for general housework. 791 Mo-
AUlster St., near Octavia.
GIRL to assist In general housework. Apply
2012 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG woman, chambermaid and wait table.
Laclede House. 1116 Broadway. Oakland.
GIRL for light housework; small family. 719
Capp St.; wages $10.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
WANTED — Girl to assist in light housework;
wages $10. Apply 1130 Fulton st
WANTED— Badly freckled young or middle-
" aged woman of otherwise respectable ap-
pearance to act as demonstrator at these
parlors after free treatment; good wages;
pleasant position. Room 52, Columbian bldg.
(opposite i Emporium). ■ . ..
GIRLS, be independent: entire course in hair-
dressing; 3 weeks, $5; materials furnished.
633 Ellis st, ground floor.
GIRL for family of 4; must be good cook; ref-
erence; wages $30. Apply 1922 Broderick st.
GOOD pants finishers wanted; steady work.
407 Turk st. -•
GIRL wanted for downstairs work; must be
good cook; wages $25. 1180 O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED waitress; arm work; also girls
to learn. 725 Market st.
APPRENTICE; high-class dressmaker; also
chore girls. 1523 Bush st.
OPERATOR on • custom coats. BELASCO &
HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. > '
SO MORE silk waist hands; highest wages paid.
JUDA BROS.. 109 Battery st. * •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st." '
' HELP WANTED — MALE."
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S !..1O4 Geary it
Railroad work Free fare
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
60 header and corner men ....; $2 so
B0 drillers ...$2 25
60 muckers I ....$2
60 laborers '• ....$175
FOR UKIAH
20 teamsters and laborers $2 a day
Free fare...... ...Ship to-day.. Free fare
Engineer to run air compressor
6 farmers. $20; choreman. $25. see boss here;
man about place, private family, $25
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Garde mange, first-class hotel, $70; cold meat
cook, hotel, $70; hotel butcher, $60; cake baker
country, shop, $40; butcher, country shop, $35
to $35 ...:..
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
A— MURRAY & READY.. .Phone Main 5S1S?
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
', ;..... ......OFFICE OPEN 7 A, M.....T
Carriage trimmer, , country shop.. $3 day
, Furnace man for • a mine. .'. . . .$65 and house
5 muckers, quartz mine. :*.... *.v. .■.."..;;. .$75
. Milker and wife, $50 and found; see boss here
Farmer and wife, small ranch, $35; see boss
here ...'.......';.'.;.......
Buggy, washer, city stable.. ......$25 a_d found
Young-man to help in stable .$15
■4 teamsters, 1 same ranch, north.. $26 and found
■32 farmers, milkers and choreboys..........'.
. 6 woodchoppers, stovewood.l .$1 50 fare
.........HOTEL DEPARTMENT, ETC....
Cook, plain hotel, city, $40 and found; ranch
, cook, . $25 ; to $30, • see boss here; waiter $10
•week; boy to do porter . work, city store $7
sweek; 5 -other cooks.-- waiters.. ..".".■..■ '
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 gay ' s t ' '
ANDRE'S Office, 316 Stockton St. ~~~,-
. Cook, country, no baking .......; .....,.$50
"Cook, meat, and pastry, country hotel.: "$5o
Walter for college..............;. $20 and found
Walter, country hotel, $30; waiter city hotel
and restaurant. $30 and found; German gar-
dener,, hothouses, $30; man and wife for poul-
try, farm. $50 ; stableman, small livery stable *
$25 "and, found,: etc. ' ■ • ■ - :■ '
HELPV^XTED---MALE----CojB :^^
THREE farmers and wives. $40, see employers
here; 6-horse ranch teamster *30. see boss
here to-day: cheesemaker. $35 and found;
teamsters, $i to $3 25 day; harness-maker for
country, $9 to $13 week; bootblack for coun-
try $10 week- milk wagon driver. $30 and
found; planer man. $2 50 day; boys for fac-
tory J4 W week; boy for printing office. $3
week, and others. j _. CR0SETT & -^
623 Sacramento st.
C^t^oT.rri?^er hO V%npe 1^:
untJy hotel! » fy^SgSY&.r*
omers. •- . 62S SaC ramento st.
A FARMER and wife for Private
city $10 and found, see party at our ome*:
gardener aSd car* few horn.. V&tfJL*^
pountrv $2S and found; Hans Meison. tha
JardeneV. pica w call;- foreman for wine cellar.
\V. P. EwEU A Cd. tttt Clay st.
A MAN and wife, waiter and w*'tre»"u < o^_V7'
hotel; $<0. MRS, M. K. DAY A CO.. 333 Oear>.
TWOlnen and wives for ranch J™*!^*??
tlea here. MRS. M. K. DAY & CO., 3» Oeary.
WANTED-Experteneed young man a« book-
keeper and cashier In wholesale K»ln juisl-
ness; must b« strictly expert accountant,
salary $75; write age, experience. r«rer*nce«
and qualifications to box 2579. Call.
BOY about 1« years old to learn drauKhttns:
ono with previous knowledge of drawing
Apply designer, THOMAS DAY CO.. i^
Mission st. ■
WANTED— A competent bookkeeper for whole-
sale house; must give good references and De
a strictly first-class man; state age and ex-
perlence. . Box 2571, Call office.
WANTED— Reliable man with $100 who can
, write a plain hand for light Indoor work;
will pay $65 per month; experience not neces-
sary; steady place. 765 Market st. room 3.
WANTED-Bright boy about 14 years old for
general work In store. MARKS BROS.. 1212
Market st . ■ _____
WANTED-A strong boy about 13 to run er-
rands; permanent position. WM. M. WEIL,
106 Pine «t. | ~
YOUNG lady wants soprano with strong ordi-
nary voice as vaudeville partner. Box 2571,
Call office.
"WANTED—* boys at California Barrel Com-
pany. Apply a;t factory, corner Twenty-second
and Illinois sta. -
WANTED— Man with $30; restaurant: big snap:
no experience; $30 month. BROWN, 1221 Mar-
ket at. x
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy ana puiih;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
THREE boys about 14 years of age, cigar box
factory. KORBEL & BROS.. 723 Bryant
WANTED— First-class Job compositor. Apply
SANBORN. VAIL & CO.. 741 Market «t
COATMAKBR ' for country. Apply REIS3
BROS.. 24 Sutter st.
MAN to wash dishes and make himself useful.
OLYMPIC CAFE. 44 Stockton St.
WANTED— Cash boys; $15 a month. F.OOS
BROS., 25-37 Kearny st.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
AGGRESSIVE, competent man, qualified for
salesmanship. 217 Geary st
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing at 621 Sac-
ramento st
WANTED — Good short-order cook at 134S How-
ard St.
WANTED— 4 men for light work: good wages.
Apply 7:30 a. m. at 313 Third. R. QARRETT.
BOOTBLACK wanted, at 736 Market St.
STRONG boy for grocery store. lioi San
Pablo ave., Oakland. *
WANTED— A first-class • second cook. 29
Stockton st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. V.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 33; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
PRESSMAN to take charce of four platen
presses; steady Job; state experience and
wages expected. Box 2364, Call ofllce.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $125 cash;
plain Indoor work; no experience; $15 week;
steady place. BROWN & CO.. 1221 Market
BARBERS— Good 2-chalr shop for sale. 3Z«4
Market st.
BARBER shop; established 23 years. Address
room 20. 24 Fifth st
FOR SALE— Barber shop, 3 chairs. Apply 107%
Fifth «t.
SECOND operator on custom coats. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 611 Market at
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25o
to 50c. 563 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 63S Clay st
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; BOc up. 241 Third st
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
ABLE solicitors can earn $100 p«r week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
PENSION atty., E. A. Bullls. 3. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post. Q. A. R.
WINCHESTER House,- 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 23c tight; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, Dec. 4, at 11 a. m., at tha Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth Bt JOHN J
DOYLE, auctioneer.
TWO carloads fine team horses Just In; gentle
■ broke and adapted to delivery wagons; excel-
. lent opportunity to buy reasonable; IK) to $120
the team. JOHN H. HALTON. 1732 Market.
BAILEY wire wheel buggy and Toomey bike
cart; nearly new. O'BRIEN'S, Polk st and
Golden Gate ave. ,--'.■
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon one 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO.. 48 Eighth gt.
SOME fine gentle carriage and driving horses
for sale at 721 Howard st.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle business
and road horses. DALZjEL. 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness.
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; alao light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 533 Mission.
HOUSES TO IiET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cnlar. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— December 2, either at Campl's restaur-
ant on Clay st. or at Korn's cigar store 122
California St.. silk umbrella, with silver-
mounted stag horn handle; initials, "J. D."
Suitable reward, given by returning same to
200 California st
LOST— In San Francisco Bay. near Point San
Quentln, a large net A reward ot $20 will
be paid for Its return to San Quentln or in-
formation leading to its recovery by JOHN
GEORGE and ANDREW SOFICHICI.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings,
and Loan Society of San Francisco, ■ in the
name of France L. Schwab, No. 216-1531- th«
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pass book with the Hlbernla Savings
; and Loan Society of San Francisco In the
name of Daniel . Boynan, No. "203-764- the
finder will please return to bank. /
LOST— Scotch shepherd dog, yellow with black
trimmings to ears and tail. Return to 219
Montgomery st. and obtain handsome re-
ward. DAVIDSON & LEIGH. " .
LEFT In hack taken at wharf 7 p. m with bag
fage oft S.S. Chile, Dec. 3, umbrella case
lease bring same to Occidental Hotel- re^
: ward.
LOST— A yellow cocker spaniel bitch. A liberal
reward If returned to HARRY CORBETT
64 Ellis st. or L. W. ORR, 539 Pacific st
LOST— Nov. 2, a tan colored bull terrier with
white face and chest. Return to 2628 Steln-
er st.; reward. -
$20 REWARD— Gold hunting case watch seal
loped edge, name engraved. 2U1 Hearst ave.^
COCKER epanlel black, white line on br^aTT
tagged. 2298 Baker st.;. receive reward*. V
LOST— Black greyhound bitch Elista In thH
city near the ferry Monday, the property of
D. J. HEALEY. Petaluma. Return to Union
. Coursing Park office, room 413. Examiner b\g
.Br r e n une 8 r al c e o. t0 O " BRIE *' ..«» care^ofT
$20 REWARD-Palace of : Art. 18 Post, round
magnifying glass; broken, rim; no -questions.
LOST— Swiss shepherd doc; license No 36Sl"
Finder return to 820 Folsom st; reward.
IT , wl Ur V M- 1° " R eniember" thgt the Callfor-
nla Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st ■ " n*«i« r m
.old and silver to make j iS£ Vaich c« e! _ d
_IATUI3IONIAI_ "^Vj 7
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy
ladies send 10c for list. Mrs. Hertz. 70S Ellla.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONXELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been ussd for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped: relief In alt
cases taken: tha most obstinate case9 bav*
been relieved by my medical treatment: frea
confidential advice on all subjects ot a deli-
cate nature; all classes of femals complalota
treated; relief to tb» longest cases. DU. O,
\V. O'DONNELL. MIS Market st.. opp. FKth.
A— Dr. _ Mrs. Swset la a graduate ot tho Royal
Vr.uerssty of Bfrlln: has had 23 years' ex?»-
ilcnce la midwifery cas«?s; has opened strtcily
pnvato sanitarium at her own renliUnee. r.. 1
Guerrero, nr. 15th: takes ladtrs befor* A .tur-
!*»: confinement, with best of motherly cur*;
$tt; room & board. $4; Infants adopted; rvcr/
cast guaranteed to b» restored to best ot
health; advice free: phonn tllu* 411.
MUS. r». WTKTH and MRS. KOHL. rvlUb!*
ladles' medalists tor femaln complaint*: In-
stant relief guaranteed: SO year*' expsrlcn^e;
prtv«ti» home bctcr* and during confinement,
410 O'FarteU it. near Taylor; hours 9 to k
MR9. M. WEGKNRU. ladles' phystctan. ha*
returned from th« Ea«t ami wsumevl business;
home In confinement. 110 IMdy St.. n«ar
_ Taylor, formerly <st 1313 Ooldan Oat» av«.
TUB original MUS. IVVVtKS la still located at
U'is Market; maternity hom«» provlitwl; offie*
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. ami ft to SJO p. m.
HINPOOHERn and MRS. DA VIES' ortrtpjl
method of treatment; maternity home; ham-M
In confinement. 1128 Market st, S. F. \
MRS. D. ALLEN. HIS Market-Reliable ladies'
njecial 1 ' 1 a private home before and during
•rtifinement : best me ".leal care: low fees.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialist.'*,
well known and reliable; 23 years' practice In
S. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market.
DR. NO TOT KEE. 210 Stockton st. opposlt*
Union square: all diseases cured by herbs.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in ■wrapper for mailing. $1 per year.
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS engines, Zd-hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont t.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand; we always have a largo stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 12 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOOXAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission st. above Sixth: writs for catalogue.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, shap-
en etc.: also good working tools, such as
hand saws, wood planers, snapers, stickers,
mortlsers, saws, etc J. B. JARDINE. 220
Fremont st
ATTENTION, printers— Now on wharf, ex New
York, drum Cottrell and 4-roller, 2-revolutlon,
front-delivery Campbell; rebuilt. Hadwen-
Bwaln Mfg. Co.. 215 Spear st
EXCEI JL.ENT fuel cheap; good aa coal; JOO tons
apricot pits, carload lots, loose, at $1 per ton,
t. o. b. Niles: less than car lots at $1 SO. E.
A. EIX3WORTH, Nllea, Alameda Co^ Cal.
MATTING and Bamboo Flirnltura Wholes*!*
and Retail; Special for Xmas; Children* sV
Toy Furniture Sets. f
UYEDA CO.. 422 and 424 Geary st
A— BUYS. sell3 or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipes, shafting, puller*,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. |1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. ne_r Pice.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery »t.
ALL are notified that UNCLB HARRIS has
retired from business.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st
COCKER spaniel pups for sals cheap. 617
Willow ave.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
S HP. boiler and engine. "Economizer" pattern,
complete, $173 f.o.b. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
FINE sealskin, nearly new. $S5. New Munici-
pal Loan Office, 617 Washington st.
LOCOMOBILE, nearly new; will sell cheap;
owner going East. Box 2345, Call office.
GENUINE foxterrler pups for sale; reasonable.
Apply 204 Leavenworth st.
THOROUGHBRED greyhound pups, male, fe-
male. $10 each; fawn, brlndle. K. C, 19 Polk.
TURQUOISE diamond ring worth $50, only $23.
Portland Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
FAIRBANKS" 10-ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 218 California st. ■"■
SO SMALL pigs for sale or trade for chickens or
cow. Apply 5035 Mission st., opp. Ocean View.
IST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boll.
era bought, sold. Krcgh Mfg. Co.. 9 Stevenaon.
NEW Singer sewing machine; 5 drawers: oak;
complete; cheap. 1915 Mission, near Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for -sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought." T. Fershtand. 128 Kearny st. rm. 29.
BOATS, launches, rowboata carried In stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2.1-haad moving plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER.
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— A Billy goat for a boy to drlv«.
J707 Twenty-first st
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205, Call office.
LADIES' & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& sold. SUverman. 9S4 Folsom: tel. Folsom 1191.
BIG prices paid for sealskins, full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Of&ce. 23 Stockton.
WANTED— Second-hand upright piano tot
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1708 Market st
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st: tel. Folsom 252-
MONEY TO LOAN.
HERMAN^^"iknjR^HYT^cT^xamlner bulidlni. ,
$4,500,000 at lowest rates '-.!.!
.........on first and second mortgages.........
Life interests In estates
Property being held in trust
Undivided Interests In real estate
..Life Insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
•v If You Need Money
See HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN CO (Inc.).
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit; city, Oak-
land, town and country property; second
. mortgages, life Insurance and securities; loans
■ on unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
real estate and legacies; will purchase above
securities. Tel. Red E024. MANHATTAN
LOAN CO.. 7th floor. .Crocker building.
ANY AMOUNT AT S PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get my terms before doing business «lsewher3
:-.. R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3
ANY amount, lowest rates on mortgages es-
tates. ' legacies, undivided Interests, chattel
mtgs. etc: enterprises of merit also sought.
D. J. HALLORAIsr. 206 Kearny at., room 314.
A RELIABLE corporation established in 1SK3;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mrkt; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 848 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods In warehouse.etc. :any amount :low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave.. n«8 t
Geary st ; phone Red 160X ■ f
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at S per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 609- Examiner building.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortsa^es. on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker. 927 Market st. room 613.
.LOWEST rates on ' furniture, etc.. by prlvata
party; no removal; no commission: conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: money
quick: lowest Interest: easy- terms: no brok^r-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
3% on furnitui-e and pianos: $15 up: no removal:
no commission; private. Room SI. C Eddy st.
5%% ON real estate: mortgaged property ex-
changed for clear. LEVITZKY. 31* Montgom.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal: no
commls.; confidential. Whltehead. 1710 Market.
ON furniture, pianos: lowest rate: no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: Jj a month on each
$1000; any. security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. L
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy it A. E. RUDELL. 222 San3ome st.
ON SALARIES without Indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. H3 Phelan big.
THE TOUSLEY Company: loans and dis-
counts. . 321 Parrott building. V,
LOANS money on salary: no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MONEY WASTED.
WANTED— $1SCO from a private party, at rea»-
onable interest; good security given; no room
. for money sharks. Box 2369. Call of-ca.> MAfTTRiySES AXD PILLOWS. : N ":
TO ord r. also cleaned end sterilized, uphoi-
t«rry. Al carpet clcanlr.s; b«sncst work guar-
t -t«v<i. BOPKE Br.OS.. 411 to US Powell bu-
ui Birch 4C!.
JilSICAI. I XSTRCSIKHfTS..
TH£ enSy j-iar.o player for people to buy is th« i
SilU'^*' 2 - because it does better work than I
any other an.d with let* than half the effort
Cz'.X and hear on? of thrse wonderful lnstru- :
tncnts play. THE ZEXO MAUVA1S MUSIC
CO.. 7C9 Jlcrket £t.
A HJG holiday sale of pianos, to last for four
weeks only, is now on at The ilauvais Music
Co.. 7C9 Market st. The very best quality o'
coods will be offered at eTeat'.y reduced
prices, r.s the management wish to I'iace" tt
within ihe ability cf most any one to posses*
a piano. Purchasers of presents can select
now and have the instruments kojit unt'l
ready for delivery. Payments accepted If not
convenient to pay cash. THE ZENO M\U-
VA1S MUSIC CO.. 7S3 Market et.
XCW is the timr to have your eld piano re-
paired and fixed up. We have the be«t fa-
. cilities for such work and will make pr!cc«
Piano? Icr rent." THE ZEXO MAUV AIS 'infl
SIC CO., TC3 Market st.
AGAIN" we remind you that our piano stock
both now e:id second-hand, is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. Kew pianos sold upon
easy rayraip of 5C per month: some (rood
rianrs tor J3. J4 rc?A %t per month SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny and Sutter sts.. Ean Franc'sco- ccr-
ner Broadway end Thirteenth sts.. Oakland.
P>.I-L hig-hest prades sold by the Heine Piano
Co.. sole aser.ts most famous and oldest
American makes: eosy payments: bi* allow- 1
ance for ff^confi-hand planes; rents £2 un al-
lowed; bargains. $:i u p: Stelnways. $1S5;
t'hickenncF. ?l«i; i,0 others; agents wanted,
n. Gfary Et.
ATTEXTTOx! BARQAIX-HXTXTERS— "
Second-hand uprlsht pianos from $55 up
Second-hand square pianos from SJO up.
P*ccr.il-n<ir.d crpans from &!5 up; new upright
& Hamlin. \ ose. Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 2 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe, at regular
price; costs you cn!y 20c a day to buv a piano
sr^ M^g^ * chase - »-°t&"u
A SMALL Weber uprirht. $125; elegant -walnut
cas« Knabe upright, almost new; also Steck,
SSSv _ Hard man square. £45; organ*. $25
KUS 01 *? 118 & £OX - a Fifth Et ~ IVERS &
PO.vD and A. B. CAMERO.V. Agents.
EXCITIXG barsains— Three ears new hlgh-
frrade p:anoi= stored with us; ordered sold to
realize advances and storage: dirt cheap (in-
stailments). WILSON'S Storage, 1710 Market.
PIANO Dealers— The Wiley B. Allen Co..
"-S23 Market Et.
Fteck. Everett. Hardman, Ludwigr and other
fine pianos. The Chase & Baker piano player.
IIAGMFICENT high-grade upright piano; S
pedals; sacriSce; parly going East. 773 O'Far-
rell st.
FT"EI>TVVAY tirriprht. almost new, JIO0; party
muft sell. Box 2565. Call office.
A BIG barraln— Two Weber pianos, good as
/ new. SH3 and S195. 217 Geary ct
» tSS» f PRIGHT left on sale; price $153. R. ss
!17 Geary St. '
S12S— SCHLEIP upricht. excellent condition.
fw: Erard upright. Hornung. 216 McAllister.
ET'PERIon tidbm. zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
SOKMER. Eyron llaurj', Lester Hamilton
Ppijlman pianos. 3CS Post et.
h rt. f ° r " te " 5S^
AT KHEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shor.inger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
m.> SCOTT-CTJHTAZ Piano Co.^ 560 Htyet
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
FOR rcnt—2 good light floors, offices and *ale«-
rooms. cheap. H. A. SMITH. 25 Market. S. F.
OIL. ~ ~
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order- all
rizoc: choar.- H. S. WKTTE. S16 Mission Ft.
rTAIXTERS A\P DECORATORS.
lvOGMS papered frcra $3 up; whitening done.
Kartman Paint Co., 219 Third; teL Red 3021.
PAXMISTRY.
11 JEKOilS FOSELLI, ECientiflc palmist, S15
Tayicr et_. bet. Geary and Pent; teL Black SO.
yKERGAARD. president St. Germain College,
:radr irom 1 to 4. 7C0 Post; phone Hyde IS33.
TEXSIOX advice free; peners.1 practitioner.
'TO. P. CAMPBELL. lawyer. Examiner bldg.
P^liSOJXAJLS.
AliTIiiTlC hairciressins. 2ac manicuring 25c,
gents' manicuring SCc, bv experts; best hair
•i.ik tt reascnatile prices; baths, most ele-
gant in city, :Sc; our Epecialties. scalp treat- j
raent and face massage; Patti Beauty Cream
I*c; headquarters for genuine Farina Cologne;
dainty Russian tea served free to all visitors
at the BOX-TON'. £.4 Post Et.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order,
>I£; with these euits we make an extra -pair
cf paiats free cf charge; other suits on install-
ments. Jl weekly. L. LEMOS, 1117 Market
6t.. between Seventh and Eighth. > ' ■
A— HAIR, birthmarks, moles removed forever,
painless E.nd without scar, with electricity, by
KISS GRUBER. the cosmetic artist, S58S
Eighteenth et.. cor. Guerrero; teL Blue 136L
A YOL'NG business man. age 20, desires ac-
quaintance of young lady; no objection to
good looking young widow without children;
object matrimony. Bex 2C78, Call office.
RAG carpets wove to order and for Bale; also
chenille-wove rugs, ellk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS, 709 Fifth. Oakland.
CNE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
SI: CO per bottle. For circulars, Plnus Med.
Co., 7S4 Valencia Bt.. S. F.; teL Church 157L
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et.. near Market; 700 rooms;
SCc to tl SO per night; II 10 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
POSITIVE cure for drunkenness, opium and
morphine habits, Mooser Co. Gold Cure; many
testimonials; direction to give secretly; price
15. Address 1125 Geary St., San Francisco.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit br using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The- Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market £t., near Sixth.
FACE massage, complexion beautifying; latest
Continental methods; electric rolcau; euperrlu-
eus hair removed by electrolysis. Mme.Z ephey
Kia-ora. parlors 230 Sutter; phone Black 1322.
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on
ycrur business stationery for Invaluable in- :
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus,
Ohio.
SOMETHING new; your dreams Interpreted;
confidential; only 20c each dream. Box SOS,
Berkeley, Cal. ■
DOLLS' wigs made; hair dressing, any Btyle, \
25c; shampooing, 50c; manicuring. 25c; wigs
and switches. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton et.
J'.ARE and unique presents for the holiday* at
The Old Curiosity Store. 118 Geary st., NAT
RAPHAEL; novelties cf every description.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. ?2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1S12 Stockton ft., near Broadway.
AT cash pricee; ladles' tailor-made suits, coats,
ellk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc.; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. VX Fifth Bt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1118 Sutter st.
A— IF vour hair ls falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S. Moore, 232 O'Farrell; eend for circular.
lire Brisks — Superfluous hair, moles removed
L by electric needle. 868 Sutter; tel. Larkin 3171.
I IlASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
• country orders GOLDSTEIN & CO..7M Markt.
DH LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT, the
beet corn cure; 2ac; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restore* gray
hair to Its natural color; tl; at all druggists.
£?9 TIEN wanted to order cults for tl per week.
NEUHAUS & CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny lit.
TAILOR-MADE euits, $7 DO; dress pants. J2 50.
Misfit Clothing, Parior. cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold silver diamonds and precious etonei
bought. ' J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
PgySIClASS •* >D SCItGEO _ XS .".'.
JDR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence.
1021% Market «t., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM.' herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; se«
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, r.r. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium,
764-766 Clay St.: gee teytlmontals at office.
PLAai?. G AAD TL'RMNG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL P. HAAS. 85 Fremont st.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
~^— FolTiALE~NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Email tracts, SCO to $30 per acre, on Rancho
I CotaU, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
/Js Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
i bett for poultry and general farming. Apply
to Tfce Cotati Co.. S02 California St.. for pam-
phlets end information.
12500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres; El
Dorado Co.. near R. R. Bex 222, Call office.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for Bale; write for
£r«« list. C. B. WINFIELD, Petaluma. Cal.
ItlSAt. ESTATE— CITY FOR, ' SALE.
HEADQUARTEnS FOR PAIIIC LOTS.
Choice lots at low prices cause quick sales.
tlCO to $15C— Graded Ocean boulevard lots ;
Gne view; only few left: 510 monthly.
$300 to $900— Bargains In Sunset; streets
graced and sewered; easy terms.
Sunset branch office, Sth ave.. near H sU ;
*<C0 to $S00— Choicest lots In Richmond.
; 1100 to J2oO— I/?vel lots near Misslon-st. elec-
tric cars; $10 dawn; $5 monthly.
J350 to J20CO— 4-room cottages; all bargains;
cplendld locations; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BRO..
. Room 54, Chronicle bids.
BARGAIN. EXCELS ANYTHING.
MUST BE SOLD.
Choice block. 240x600. south of Park. bet. L
and II sts., 42d and 43d am.; call quick.
SOL GETZ & BHO..
Room 54, Chronicla bldg.
THOMAS MAGEE & RONS.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
5 Montgomery st.
Three lots that must be eold. and are there-
fore offered at a sacrifice. Offers are Invite*
as well:
Fillmore st., 23 by. 100, for only $1500; on a
perfect lerel; street work all done; electric cars
passing; in business location.
Northeast cor. Dolores and 30th sts. : 26H • by
ICO; street macadamized; fine lot; ?1500; offer
will be submitted to owner.
Dolores st., near 3Cth, 25 by ICO; last lot left;
only $S00.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS, Real Estate
Agents, 5 Montgomery Et, ; - -•: -
BUY your children an everlasting and profit-
able present for Christmas by getting $100
park lots, Sunset District, at $1 down. $1
monthly, at JACOB HEYJIAN'S,
117 Sutter st.
CORNER York and 19th sts., containing: 2 flats;
lot 2Sx91; street work done; £3500: cash or In-
stallments. Particulars see Owner, 2300
Leavenworth st.
NEW modern house 7 rooms, large basement
and yard; sun all day. Cor. Waller and Por-
tola stg.. bet. Pierce and Steiner.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; % cash. Bank of Ala
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAXCLAAP REAL ESTATE.
$300 CASH; $7 00 monthly — New modern cottage
of 4 larsre rooms; hish basement; Immense
shade trees; shrubbery; grand soil; well shel-
tered rook; 28 houses gone up in 4 months;
near church chapel and school; electric cars
near by; 4 main roads; a place where one
can more than make a living- in the chicken
business if they wish; adjoining East Oak-
land: no foes nor raw winds; lot 162:6x100;
more land adjoining; for price in all J1K5.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh st, op-
posite Broadway station. Oakland; carriage
tree. .H. Z. JONES, owner.
THE best bargain yet offered In Oakland; a
nice cott&gre of 5 rooms and bath; large lot;
within 14 blocks of City Hall; good location;
$1250 for one week only; easy terms.
E. E. BUNCE,
952 Broadway.
S. M. DODGE & SON.
1160 Broadway, Oakland.
{3250 — Something extra ,nlee In the way of
a modern up-to-date, brand new home In Oak-
land out toward Berkeley; lot 50x125; 7 rooms
and bath. Call and let us show you this.
OAKLA.VD COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat, 8 large rooms; electric eer-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 gas grate; large
corner let; lawn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant; Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
Eiplith sts., come within 1 block. Call or
address 1638 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OAKLAND FUUXITUUE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUSH. 100" (The Holland)— Just opened; few
sunny housekeeping apartments; fur'd or un-
fur"d; front suites. $30 upr electric lights,
baths, gas ranges and grates; phone East 667.
BUCHANAN, 604— Sunny front bay-window rm.,
with kitchen, ?15; singe and double v -bedroom.
ELLIS. 413— Elegant suite and kitchen; gas;
range; bath; modern. •
FIFTH. 353—3 furnished housekeeping rooms,
with bath. |20; two, $10; single. $5.
GEARY, 1635— Upper flat; sunny parlor suite;
grate; bath; sanitary plumbing connected;
rent reasonable. •
HYDE, 408 — Sunny front parlor and kitchen for
" hskpg, J-20; basement suite, yd, laundry, $14.
MISSION. 1T2S 3 ,4, near 13th— Two sunny furn-
ished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry; $8.
OAK, IIS — 2 sunny large parlors; furnished;
heavy housekeeping; gas; 2 beds;" 116.
SACRAMENTO, 1514— Two sunny rooms, nice-
ly furnished; private residence; light hskpg.
SIXTH, 242—1 or 2 rooms; housekeeping if de-
sired; sunny. -
TWO targe sunny rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping. 945 Mission st., nr. Sixth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
-received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
ROOKS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfrzrn.
ARGYLL Hotel. 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; 75c per day and up-
ward; special rates by week or month; take
McAllifiter-st. cars from ferry to door.
A— BRUNSWICK sHOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to 51 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; cpen all night.
BURNETT. 1126 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
niEhed rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished ninny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM. S34 — Jl week; large sunny furnished
. rooms, close t, bath; private. Call by 8 p. m.
FRANCISCO HOTEL— Elegant suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
Rt., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
Me per day and upward; special rates by tha
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk at.
HOTEL FLORENCE, 102 Ellis et.— 3unny out-
elde rooms; single, $2 50; suites, $4 50 per
week; newly renovated; elevator; baths.
HOWARD, 728 — Large room; good for house-
keeping; $12; also single front room, $7 month.
LARKIN, S04— Sunny single room; neatly fur-
nished; $4. *• ?V.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market-Nicely fur-
niEhed rooms; $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MINNA, 667. corner Sth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
MONTGOMERY ave.. 16, top rfloor— New furn.
rooms; central; reasble; near Hall of Justice.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week, mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor;. rooms, per night. 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
JS; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground
floor; rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth et,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
STOCKTON, 222— A eunny suite and "singles,
neat and clean; bath, phone; prices low.
SUTTER. 220^ (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles, $2 to $5 per week; transient.
EUTTER, 426— Elegantly furnished sunny par-
lor floor, suitable for doctor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an-1
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
ROOMS AND- HOARD. '
pTE^PONT^O^E^TItirETilsT^P^nrTDeerir'
Choice can now be made of these elegant,
well-appointed apartments which have every
desired comfort and convenience; excellent
table; new and modern; location unsurpased.
THE -IRVING DALE, C26 Eddy— Newly reno-
vated; new management; - furnished rooms,
with boaxd; excellent table; prices moderate.
EDDY, 316— Elegantly furnished • sunny room,
with or without board.
HOTEL Las Palmas, 1S20 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms, bath; board optional; tingle rooms.
PINE, 793— Large parlor .. suite; also single
rooms; excellent board; very moderate.
VAN NESS, 51»— Handsome furnished parlors;
all conveniences; other suites; - #ible board.
CALIFORNIA. 807 (Stevenson Mailsion)— Select
family hotel: exceptional table; popular rates.
HOTEL P.epeller, . 781 Sutter— Xewly furnished;
-.excellent table; epeclal rates to tourists. •• ■■ '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUKSPAY, DECEMBER 5, 1901.
ROOMS WASTED. .
WANTED — Ey gentleman mho will be perma-
nent, two unfurnished rooms, with morning
sun. in private family, in the neighborhood
of Van Ness ave. M. , H. M., 218 California
Et.. rocm 7. ■. ■■ . "•
REPTUKE SANITARIUM.
RUPTUReT cured at ™HUNTER' S SANITA-
RrUM, 1206 Market St.; treatment free; only
'., lnx-ention In the world that will not torture.
;.*".. I SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE— Abandoned children in Roman Cath-
olic Orphan Asylum, since July, 1900: Emma
Brsig', agre 12 years; Carrie Breig, age 8 yea'rs;
Ellztn Winthrop, as-J 10 years;. Grace Win-
ihrop, age 9 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
. city or country. . PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, eold, rented, exchange; re-
palrlng; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
WANTED— At once, good eewlng machine*
must be cheap. St. David House, 715 Howard.
STORAGE AND. WAREHOUSES.
CUT rates on shipping, draylng, storing, insur-
ing furniture, etc., SMITH, 25 Market; phone
Main 1240. . » ..
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5718.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st.: tel. Howard 941. F.- W. ZEHFUSo.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; plione Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS ii^XYraWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than anv
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. E3C California; telephone Main 268.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors ;eatlmate free. 209 Sansome.
WAXTED-TO BUY.
ROOMING house. 20 to 30 rooms; or to rent-
large unfurnished flat. M. S. BLOUNT. 119
Jones st.
DIVIDEND NOTICES,
OFFICE of the Contra Costa Wa7e7^«npany"
room 16, second floor, . Mills building— San
Francisco, December 3. 1901— Dividend No 195
of 42 cents per share on the capital stock of
the Contra Costa Water Company, will be
payable at the office of said company room
16, second floor. Mills building, on December
15, 1901; transfer books will close on Decem-
ber 9, 1901, at 3 p. m. EDWARD McGARY,
Secretary. ■ ■
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend. No. 36, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, 435
California st., Ean Francisco, on December
10. 190L Transfer books close December
3. 1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to go into court.
Room 611. Examiner bldg.; phone Black 3604.
MAREIAGE - LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Arthur H. P. Palmer, 32, Raymond, and June
J. Leidig, 20, Raymond.
Jean Dubourdieu, 26, HIM Sacramento street,
and Leontine Arricaut, 24, 522 Railroad ave.
John A. Lewis, 30. SOO Kearny street, and
Elvira Lagomarsino, 18, 2008 Mason street.
Arthur C. Lawrence, 21. 312 Ellis street, and
Ajjnes E. Brock. 21, S29 Greenwich street. •
John D. Clifford, 35. 520 Van Ness avenue,
and Annie McGorty, 24, 2914 Laguna street.
Vincent Ferroni. 24. 3496 Twenty-second
street, and Arbina Romani, 18. 1617 Powell st.
Heinrich Reinfeld, 32, 547 Seventh street, and
Josephine Cashman, 18, 547 Seventh street.
John Dotta, 28. Newman, and Theresina
PeinI, 27, S401 Washington street.
John S. Gray, 30, S5 Fifth street, and Fan-
nle M. Stone. 28, New York City. '
BIKfflS— MABBIA6ES— DEATHSL
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence^ of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CORWIN— In tMs city. December 3, 1901, to
the wife of H. G. Corwin, a daughter.
JONES— In this city, December 2, 1901, to the
wife of Albert E. Jones, a daughter.
MICHAELIS— In this city, December 3, 1901
to the wife of E. W. Michaelis (nee Leese),
a son. -
RAMSELIUS— In Fields Landing, Humboldt
County, November 19, 1901. to the wife of
Captain T. Ramselius, a daughter.
SILVERBERG— November 21, 1901, to the wife
of Joseph S. Silverberg. a daughter.
MABRIED^ — —
FISK— VANDERLIP— In this city, December 3
19C1, by the Rev. Philir> Coombe, James F.
Fisk and Maude Edna Vanderlip, both of
San Francisco.
FURST— COHN— In this city, December 1,' 1901,
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Malvyn Furst and
Fannie Arnold Cohn.
DIED. ~~
Agnew, Raymond \V. Kunze, Johanna
Allyne, John W. Little, George . .":
Arzberger, Willie A. McLaughlin, Charles
Bacon, Robert B. McLerie, Helen J.
Behrens, Hermann Martin, Rebecca
Black. Peter R. Morse, Caroline M.
Chapman, Dr. Wm. Olanle, Katharina
Conlln, Thomas Reardon, Nora M.
Dlxon, Samuel • ' Roach, Michael
Fast, John H. A. Ryan, Annie
Flanigan, John . Shearer, John B. L.
Green. William Schonwald, Franz
Hansen, Tillie Vanderlip, John J.
Harms, Louise R. Williams, Nathanitl
Hatheway,'- Alden L. Wilson, Alexander S.
Hesse, Anna R. Wright, Julia A. •
AGNEW— In Oakland, December 3. 1901, Ray-
mond Wilson, beloved son of A. H. and Grace
Agnew, a native of Oakland, aged 10 months
and 22 days. %
ALLYNE— In this city, December 4, 1901, John
Winslow Allyne, beloved husband of Mary
N. Allyne. father of Lucy H. and Edith W.
Allyne, and brother of Mrs. Josiah Stanford,
a native of Brewster, Mass., aged 60 years.
E?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
ARZBERGER— In this city, December 4, 1901,
Willie A., only and beloved son of Joseph
and Martha Arzberger, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 8 years 7 months and 14 days.
» (CNotice of funeral hereafter.
BACON— In this city, December 2, 1901, Rob-
ert Brucfi. beloved son of. F. -L. Bacon and
the late Mary Bacon, and brother of Roscoe
Bacon, a native of San Francisco, afted 17
years and 3 months.
E7 Funeral from the mortuary chapel of
the Golden Gate Undertaking ComDany, 2475
Mission street, near Twenty-first," to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock. Interment private.
BEHRENS— In Oakland. December 3. 1901,
Hermann Behrens, a native of Rostock; Ger-
- many, a red 42 years.
BLACK— In this city, December 4, 1901, Peter
R. Black, a native of Pennsylvania, aged 79
years. •
CHAPMAN— In this city, December 4, 1901, Dr.
William Lang Chapman, a native of New
York, aged 42 years and 3 months.
ET'Notice of funeral hereafter.
CONLIN — In this city, December 3. 1901,
Thomas, beloved husband of the late Mar-
garet Conlin, father of May and James Con-
lin, and brother of James Conlln, a native
of New York, aged 57 years and 7 months.
(New York City papers please copy.) <
ESTrlends and acqvaintances arc respect-
fully Invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence cf his brother, James Conlln, 1444 Me-
■ ,A1! li<ter. street, thence to Holy Cross Church
where a requiem high mass wili be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment . Holy - Cross
Cemetery. • '
DIXON— In this city. December 4, .1901, at his
residence, 1034 Jackson Btreet, Samuel Dixon,
beloved husband of Myre Baldwin,- and
brother of John Dixon, a native of Ireland,
azed 77 years. *
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St., opposite - Lincoln School.
' Telephone South 80. .
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ean Mateo County.'
OFFICE faJS MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
Eugene McGinn. - McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
« 31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. San Francisco
No Connectlon_WIth Any Other House.
MEW FIWM OF UiVofcrcT AKERS. I
! Samuel McFadden. 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J..
McBrearty. -with the same company for IS
yeare; P. F.<Green, late with J.G- O'Con-
nor &' Co., have opened new FuneraKPar-
j lors at 1171 Mission atreet, between Seventh
'end Eizhth. Telephone South 44. .: :■.'.. ;,
FAST— In this city, December 3,-1901, John H.
_- A. Fast, beloved husband - of Grace M. Fast,
and father of Norman A. and 'Julia M. Fast,"
a native of Germany,' aged 62 years. ~>. .*;,
ESTriends and acquaintances are respett-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
?Fridsy), at' 1 o'clock, • from , the Masonic
Temrle, corner cf- Pest • and Montgomery
' streets, where services will be held.
FLANIOAN— In this city, December 1, 1901,
John Flanlean, a . native of • Callura, /.County
Clare,' Ireland.
GREEN— In this city, December 3, 1901, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Mary Qreeh, and
father of Mabel Green, a native of Finland,
aged 62 years.
' JEJ^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday),' at 10 o'clock, : from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
HANSEN— In this city, December 4, 1901, Til-
lie, dearly beloved daughter of Charles and
' Anna Hansen, and sister of Margaret and
May Hansen, a native, of San Francisco,
aged 7 years 3 months and 19 days.
HATHEWAY— In Vallejo. December 3, 1901,
Alden Leonard Hatheway, beloved husband
of Fanny Hatheway, father, of Alden L., El-
bridge L., Noah, Valentine and Girard Hath -
eway, and brother of Mrs. Helen Irons and
Miss Bessie Hatheway of Freetown, Mass.,
a native of Freetown, Mass., aged 62 years
8 months and 17 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to -attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from Masonic Hall,
under the auspices of 'Solano Lodtre No. 229.
F. and A. M. -Interment Masonic and Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
HARMS— In this city, December 4, 1901, Louise
R., dearly beloved wife of A. H. Harms, de-
voted mother of Herbert and Gustav Harms,
and daughter of the late Mrs. P. H. Rulfts,
a member of Norddeutscher Frauen Verein,
a native of San Francisco, aged 33 years and
. 5 months.
tCTFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Friday), at , 2
o'clock, from her late residence, 719 Laguna
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HESSE— In this, city, December 3, 1901, Anna
R. Hesse, dearly beloved wife of Nicholas
Hesse, beloved mother of Nicholas and Myr-
tle Hesse, daughter of Mrs. Metha Rohe, and
sister of Mrs. Martha Rover and George
Rohe, a. native of San Francisco, aged 37
years and 12 days. 1 . . . .
■ ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 3:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 5923 'California street, corner of Twen-
ty-second avenue. Interment I. ■ O. O. F.
Cemetery.
KUNZE— In this city, December 2,- 1901, Jo-
hanna, beloved wife of August Kunze, and
mother of Mrs. Bertha Hammond, Mrs. Mar-
tha Ewing, Adolph I and Charles Kunze and
Mrs. James Kingsbury of Yankton, South
Dakota, a native of Germany, aged 71 years
. 1 rncnth and 8 days.
IE? The funeral services will take place to-
day (Thursday), at 10 o'clock, at the par ;
lors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LITTLE— In Oakland, December 4, 1901, George,
beloved son of Thomas and Mary Little, and
. brother of Rose. Raymond, -Walter, Esther
and Melvin Little, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 13 years 6 months and 18 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of ■
the parents, 864 Sixty-first street. . Interment
St. Mary's Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, December 4, 1901,
I Charles William, beloved son of Charles and
Maggie McLaughlin, and brother of Annie
Mclaughlin, a native of San Francisco, aged
1 year 1 month and 4 days.
(^Funeral to-morrow (Friday), at. 11:30
o'clock, from the parents' residence, 133
Fifth street. . Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
McLERIE— In Oakland, December 4, 1901,
Helen J., beloved daughter of Henry .T. Mc-
Lerie, and sister of Mary and. Jane McLerie
and Elizabeth McGrath, a native of San
Francisco.
CyFrlends and a.-qualntances are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her father. 312 Church street, San
Francisco. Interment private.
MARTIN— Entered into rest, in this city, De-
cember 4, 1901, Rebecca, relict of the late
• Judah Martin, and beloved mother of Jacob
and Rachael Martin, a native of London.
England, aged 84 years 11 months and 18
days.
C^The funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Friday), at 10 o'clock, at her late
residence, 578 Linden avenue. Interment
Home - of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
MORSE— In Alameda, December 2, 1901, Caro-
line M. Morse, widow of the late Charles A. I
'Morse, and mother of Mrs. F. M. French,
; Frank C. Morse, Mrs. Lucy M. Slosson and
' the late SIgourney B. Morse, a native of
Massachusetts.
ICy Interment Drivate.
OLANIE— In Oakland, at 978 East Sixteenth J
street, December 4, 1901, Katharina, beloved
wife of F. X. Olanle, a native of Germany,
aged 60 years. (Boston papers please copy.) •
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, 978 East Sixteenth street, corner
. Twentieth avenue. East Oakland.
REARDON— In Oakland. December 3, 1901, at
her residence. 14C7 Curtis street, corner
of Twentieth, via Market-street station. Nora
M., dearly beloved daughter of the late Den-
nis and Hanora Reardon, and beloved sister
- of Josle, Kate,. Maggie and the late Jerry
J. Reardon, a native of San Francisco.
(ET Notice of funeral hereafter.
ROACH— In this city, December 3. 1901, Mich-
ael, beloved son of the late Lawrence and
Julia Roach, and brother of David, Jeremiah.
Thomas and Frank Roach, a native of San
Francisco, aged 46 years and 13 days. ■
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday). • at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 343 Clementina street, thence to
St. Patrick's Church, where a requiem high
" mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
. soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city, December 3, 1901, Annie,
beloved daughter of James and the late Ann
Ryan, and dearly beloved ulster of Burnett
L. Ryan, Mrs. C. Walters and the late Mag-
gie T. Ryan, a native of San Francisco, aged
27 years.
ITyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valente, Marini & Co., 1524 ■Stockton
street, thence to St. Francis Church for ser-
vices. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
SHEARER— In this city, December 4, 1901,
John B. L., dearly beloved child of Frank
and Emily . Shearer, and brother of Frank
Wesley Shearer, a native of San Francisco,
aged 5 months and 2 days. t
(C7Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 635 Chestnut street. Interment
Holy Cross Ometery.
SCHONWALD— In this city, November 30, 1901,
i"ranz Schonwald.- beloved husband of Ber-
tha Schonwald. and father of Franz Schon-
wald, Mrs. John Miller and Mrs. Frank
Bliss, a native of Germany.
fC?"The funeral was held Wednesday, De-
. cember 4. 1901;
VANDKRLIP— In this city. December 4, 1901,
John J., husband of Annie Vanderlip, and
father of Harry F. and Florence Vanderlip
and Mrs. Maud Flsk, aged . 61 years. . . I
WILLIAMS— In Santa Ana, December 4, 1901,
Nathaniel Edward Williams, beloved infant
son of Christopher and Jane Williams, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
25 days. . , ..
WILSON— In this city, December 3, 1901. Alex-
5 ander S. .Wilson, a native of Scotland, aged
76 years. -
WRIGHT— In this city, December 3, 1901, Julia
Augusta, beloved wife of William C. Wright,
and mother of Frederick W. Wright, a native
of New York. (Chicago and New York pa-
pers please copy.) ' • \ ~ ;
[CyFuneral services to-day (Thursday),
at 10 o'clock, at her late residence, 2524 ,
Washington rtreet. Interment private, ' Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
ST. DOMINIC'S CHURCH BUILDING ASSO-
clation— The monthly requiem high mass for
the deceased "- members - of Dominic's
Church Buildinsr Agsociation, and for the
parents and relatives of living members, will
be suns: in St. Dominic's Church to-day
(Thursday), at 9 o'clock. : !
Sfianahan Florist Co.
./ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable .V N
107 POWELL ST.n^ELLIS £££ 5050
PEIEST MUST WAIT
FOB FULL EXONERATION
Deposed Clergyman in Chicago Can
ned; Resume Worship for a Con
siderable Period/
CHICAGO, Dec. - 4.— Notwithstanding
the fact that Father Jeremiah Crowley
has apologized to Cardinal Martinelli for
acting unseemly in, his conduct as a Cath
olic priest, he will not be allowed to wor
ship for some •'time in the Cathedral of
the Holy Name., : ' . .
To-day, when, injunction proceedings
to prevent his entering the cathedral
were called up In Judge Tully's court, it
was expected . that the ■ case : against
Father Crowley would be dismissed at
the request of the church. Neither
Father ; Crowley nor his representative
were present, andr Attorney T. A.\Moran
said that 'Archbishop Feehan had not in
structed .him • to withdraw the petition
for injunction^ The court continued the
case indefinitely, but stipulated that ? the
deposed priest was still under his oath
not to worship, in this parish.
Mining Laws for Philippines.
MANILA, : Dec. : 4.— The American Min
ers'/ Association of the : Philippine' Islands
at the convention held here October 13
adopted * resolutions which nave been for
warded to Congress. ' The resolutions 'caJl
attention ;' to . the . mining - conditions and
Congress is * petitioned to : extend the lib
eral mining laws ■ of the United States to
the Philippines ■-■ and ' to v recognize ■ the
claims 'now- located. ■• . »\ ..
ASKS REPEAL
OF WAR TAXES
Secretary; of the Treas
ury ; Makes Recom
-:'■■ mendatioris; ■■ v >
Congress Is Furnished Fig
ures on Chinese Ex
clusion. ,
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 4.— Secretary of
the Treasury^ Lyman J. Gage • to-day sub
mitted to Congress his latest annual re
port. It is a voluminous communication
and contains an abundance of informa
tion concerning the finances of the na
tion.
For the fiscal year the revenues of the
Government from all sources . were
$699,316,530 92, and the expenditures . for
the same period $621,598,546 54, showing a
surplus of $77,717,984 38. The Increase in
the receipts over the fiscal year 1900 was
529,721,099 74. and in the expenditures J22,
2^.56144.. The Secretary continues:
Commerce of the Nation.
The reserve fund and the trust fund have
been maintained. The redemptions of United
States notes have been each day adjusted by
exchange for gold, so that the full sum of
$150,000,0(0 has been kept unchanged in coin
and bullion. The coinage of the mints during
the fiscal year amounted to 176,999,132 pieces,
of a value of $136,340,781 58. • ±
■ Tha foreien commerce in merchandise for tha
fiscal, year 1W1 showed a decrease of $26,769,019
in imports and an increase of $93,281,909 in ex
ports when compared with the preceding year.
Comparing the figures of- 1901 with those of
1891, there is a decrease of $21,744,031 in im
ports and an increase of $803,284,131 in exports.
.The imnorts of the year 1901 were $S23,172,16i
and' the exports $1,487,764, 991, making the ex
cess of exports over Imports $664,692,826.
The record of exports of manufactures in
1891 shewed a slight decrease, amounting to
$21,696,690 when compared with 1900, but an
increase of $72,562,920 over 1899, and exceeded
the imports of manufactures In 1901 by $89.
026,766. " ,
In the matter of Chinese exclusion the
Secretary says: /.{J^
. Under the provisions of the treaty and laws
in relation to the exclusion of Chinese, the
Oommisslonar General reports that 2735 regis
tered Chinese laborers have departed from the
ports of this country during the year and 2280
have been admitted upon their return.
Of the exempt classes— "Chinese subjects,
being officials, teachers, students, merchants
or travelers for curiosity or pleasure" — and of
those deslrinsr to ■ pass through ''the United
States to foreign countries, there were 4509
applications. Of the 2702 claiming to be ex
cepted by the provisions of the treaty 1784 were
admitted, and the remainder, 918, were de
nied admission. The frequent abuse of the
privilege of passing through to foreign coun
tries necessitated the issue of more stringent
regulations to establish the good faith of ap
plicants therefor, and the use of photographs
la recommended in all cases to verify the Iden
tity of persons holding papers of any kind is
sued under authority of law or regulation.
Defects in Exclusion Law.
Legislation is recommended by. the. Commis
sioner General to define more narrowly the
term "merchant," as well as to prescribe con
ditions, corresponding to those with which this
class cf Chinamen has to comply, for the ad
mission of merchants' wives and minor chil
dren. For the purpose of enabling the admin
istrative ■ of fleers to investigate thoroughly the
veracity of statements as to circumstances oc
curring In China, upon which claims to ad
mission . to this country are based, additional
legislation also is recommended.
The report further shows that Chinese per
sons who have been refused admission at ports
of - entry on the Candian boundary as mem
bers of one of the excepted classes subse
quently cross the border and are arrested and
carried before judicial' officers upon their
claim of having been born In this country.
The tctal number of those deported during the
year under Judicial decisions was 328, and the
cost of executing; the mandates of the courts
for their deportation amounted to $46,940 44. ' ;
I The laws relating to the exclusion of Chinese
expire by "limitation on May 5, 1902. The re
enactment of these laws, either as they now
stand or with modifications, • furnishes an im
portant' subject for investigation and appro
priate action by Congress. If the laws should
be renewed, or their provisions extended, the
department would be pleased to furnish a
statement covering certain administrative bet
terments ■ suggested by experience In their en
forcement.
. Of the appropriation of $160,000 for the ad
ministration of the Chinese exclusion laws,
there was expended for salaries and expenses
of officers $110. 4S2 35: deportation of prisoners,
$46,940 44: miscellaneous expenses, $3261 88;
total, $160,684 67, leaving a deficit of $684 67.
• The report has this to say about re
duction in revenue:
Repeal of Some Taxes
Congress must be the final judge as to what
particular objects of taxation and in what de
gree reduction in rates shall apply. In my
opinion it would be within conservative limits
to reduce revenue to the extent of $50,000,000.
As a first step in that direction I. recommend
for consideration the repeal of all the miscel
laneous taxes known as war taxes. These
Items (exclusive of the Increased tax on fer
mented liquors, tobacco, tea and mixed flour)
are estimated to produce $27,500,000. They are
in ■ their nature vexatious, in some instances
oppressive and separately considered yield but
small revenue. . <
In conclusion Secretary Gage says:
It would, then, appear that the present is the
most propitious hour in. all. our history and
as favorable a one as we may hope for in the
future, to enter upon judicious measures to
eliminate sue]] elements of financial weakness
as experience has brought into view and to
perfect. If possible, our now imperfect system
of currency. | Careful reforms are to be desired;
revolutionary measures are to be feared. In
the direction toward better conditions in bank
ing and currency the attention of Congress is
earnestly invited. - ■ ■ < ■ - ■ ■
HOTEL AKBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E Winship&w, Napa M J Howhan. N Y
Mrs E Holman, NY J Barry, Cottonwood
A R Sprague, SaCto Mrs Dollar, S Rafael
Mrs W McKee. Seattle Mlsa Dollar, S Rafael
M Merran, Bakersfield M Miller, Sacto •
J Gross, NY E Clulty. Washington
J A Moore, Denver P W Rogers, Los Ang
L B Collins, Ohio. • E A "Wilcox. S Jose
H Kercheval, Cal J W Dary, S Jose
M Miller,' Sacto C M Ferdum, Lodl
C J Booth, Fresno A J Zalada, Salinas
P Gaston&w. Seattle- W A Weigt, Sacto
C R Billings, England J L Elam&w, WallaW
E H Baker, S Jose J E Walsh, Auburn-
S T Vilts. Crockett Mrs Goodman, Manila
E Fisher&w, Sacto W Morgans, Brentw
E Kramer, Alameda Mrs F Berlin, Friutv
P Parmelee, Vacavllle T A' Stelger, Vacavilie
\ T Jacob, Visalia W C Forbush, USA
L Sanderson, S Job* B S Hall, Sacto
C Whittlesey, Chicago L Laluff&w, Sacto
D W Lewis, ■ Sanger L Roberts&w. L Ang
E W Pease, Los Ang T Z Bull, USA
G E Gard, Los Ang F M Wall, U S A
W J Harris, Visalia O Rosendale, " Portland
T O Wallace, Los Ang G F Foye,' Oakland
W T Trlckey, ■ Sta Ana J McClure, Seattle
J Magee, Vallejo H Thorp, Sacto
Mrs Magee, Vallejo P A Moulton, Sacto
J-M Day,- Los Ang 6 Dobbins&w, Vacav
J Swank&w, Colusa R, M Shorpe&w, NY
Capt Le Ballester & w, G Wilhart, Stockton
Seattle M Reymard.N Mexico
D Dlnssen, Sacto R Opsurg. Everett . /
D Powell. Marysville S A Upham, ■ Chicago
Mrs Hollenbeck, Boul- C W Pyle, K C
der Creek . . • ! M C Host. Yreka
Mrs Marchefort, SJose G Hamptman, Cal
F O Hihn, Sta Cruz E T Clover, Woodland
W Barry, Niles J W Decker, Woodland
F D Pease. USA- T C Snider, -Woodland
A Naher&w, Stockton T Vanlglet, Woodland
E I Galvin, Stockton W O Russell, Woodlnd
W S "White; Cal G Tunnan&w, Corning
G Richardson, Sacto Mrs J Kenrlck, Mass
Chas Stewart, NY Mrs Brashers&sons,- O
RUSS HOUSE.
CM Charlton. U S N J M Ballon. Cal
R H Brunt, Phlla W Boag, USA
j F O'Balley, Phila .' R M Vail. Los Ang
B S Field. San Jose A H Budlong, Chicago
T P Bisland, Cal , . A H Scranton, Chicago
E A Harris, Sacto , E J. South worth, Minn
H Heler, Mill Valley . F A.Kruse- &:.w, Cal
J Fletcher, .Vancouver Mrs A K Voss, Cal
J Glonelll Jr, Stockton H Peterson,; Sta Rosa
J W Windon," Sydney, M Bourn, Cal
C J ' Shea, Buffalo ' R Brown, Arizona '■ .
F D Harlow, Cinn • S L Thomas, Spokane
Dr R Little, Cinn D Strahn & w, Sydney
F Marquette,. Chicago Miss Martjen, Sydney
S P Field & w, ;St Ls I T Campbell. Montana
Mrs ;W-R Phillips, Sac G L Ferguson. Colfafc
Mrs G Z^Jlar, Peorla' Mrs S J White, Wash
G A Leonard, Chico . S H Crane & w, Cal .
H Filter. Cal - : ■■**■" ■ T Round, Corning
EV Brown. : Salt Lake E W Mortens. S Rosa
F J Callahan, Salt Lak f A J Larson. Lodl
P D Fowler," Visalia " \W Oakey, , Ogden
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E M Gashaw, Nebr . Mrs Neal & d. Ill
L Smith. Seattle Mrs E Phillips. 'Ill
W Clark, Sacramento A. R Mlllctt, Sacto '
EV Ramsey, -La J Navarro, ■ San Jose
W S McDonald, B C • J J Carscadden, Nome
W D Snyder, B C E W Edwards. Yukon
H Lewis, El Paso T. Singleton, L Ang
J W Henderson & *w, f3 G Pluckr.ett, Sydney
* St Louis. : • - CE Easterlingr. La
I H A -Smith, Boston- W S .White & w.-Cal
I-L C Slayter, Boston- O Meyers, Manila
i E Brown & w. Ill ;
, TOPEKA, • Kans.. : Dec. 4.— Kansas ■ is receiv
ing a i heavy snowstorm to-night, iwhich ! covers
the entire eastern half of the State. •
CARNEGIE TO GIVE
COIN FOB TELEGBAPHESS
Philanthropist Proposes to Establish
Homes for Men Grown Old
in Service, v"
NEW YORK, Dec. 4.— Andrew Carnesie
has under consideration the gift of a
large sum of money to be used for the
benefit of the aged telegraphers in thi3
section of the country, and it ls said< that
he Intends, when satisfactory plans have
been made, : to extend his charitable b€
quest so as to include the telegraphers in
all parts of the land.
The above announcemenf will appear in
to-morrow's Journal and Advertiser, and
It will also contain a letter written re
cently to a Plttsburg man, In which
Carnegie says he wo"uld be glad to con
tribute to a fund for aged telegraphers.
The propositions which Carnegie has in
mind are the establishment of a combi
nation club and hospital, a general pen
sion fund and the founding of an Arcadia
in New. Jersey. Carnegie is said to Javor
the Arcadia idea. This includes the estab
lishment of a town with lots and houses,
to be sold at the maximum of $2500 each.
Rentals are fixed according to this plan
at $15 per month, and the interest at 1 or
2 per cent, to go to the general fund.
Libraries and co-operative stores are to
be established, in which everything is to
be given to telegraphers at cost.
OCEAN TEAVEL. v :^;
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
A^. . . Steamers leave Broadway
tggfc^A . - Wharf. San Francisco:
Sa^wSi. For Alaskan ports — U a. m-.
S^^fki. Dec. 2, 7, 12, 17. 22, 27, Jan. 1.
i it\ 4Kvi?5l Change to company's steam-
1 Pl^S^Ka\«y ers at Seattle. ":.'•'
' ¥f$$Kr*l£i&- For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
A^^SiAr^^a C.). Port Townsend. Seattle.
*"■ Tacoma. Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m.,
attle for' this company 1 * ; steamers i for Alaska
and G N Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma for «.
P. Ry.": at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m., Dec.
"For San Diego, stopping only at Santa
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Keles)-Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays 9 a. m.
Steamer. State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz Mon-
terey, San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford <»an
Lou la Obispo). Gavlota, Santa Barbara, \ 'n -
tura, Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro
and Newport-Steamer Corona, Saturdays. 9
a# For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a." m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain the company's
folders. - . .
The company, reserves the right to cnanee
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFPICB-4 New Montgomery
Btreet (Palace HoteJ>.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. R. MM. CO,
Only StenxnnMp Xilne ««=»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Poptlnnd to all
points East. Through Tickets to all
points, all pail or steamshlo and rail, at
STEAMEB TICKETS INCLUDE BEBTHtad HZAZ.3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.... Dec. 4. 14, 34. Jan. 3.
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Nov. 29. Dec 9. 19. !9
Steamer sails frpm ' foot of Snear St.. 11 a. m.
D. TV. HITCHCOCK. Gen. Agt.. 1 Montg"y. S.F.
TOYO KM KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR.
ner First and Brannan streets., at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo - received on board oa
day of sailing.
8.8. NIPPON MARU
Wednesday, December 11, 1901
S.S AMERICA MARU
. v Saturday. January 4, 190J
6.3 HONGKONG MARU
Thursday. January 30. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight, and passage -applv at company's office.
421 . Market street, corner First. .
W. H. AVERT. General Arent.
AMERICAN LINE.
RV TORK. SOUTHAlfPTOlt. tONOUN. T*ZJ\
■ Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound. •
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a, m.
Bt. Panl Dec. r Paul Jan. 1
St. Louis Dec. If Zeelnnd Jan. 8
Philadelphln ....Dec. 25 p». Lmils Jan. 13
FED STAR LINE;
How York and Antwerp. '
From New York Wednesday at 13 noon.
Frlesland .......Dec. 11 Kensington Jan. 1
Southwark Dec. 18 *Zeeland ....Jan. 8
•Vaderland Dec. 25 Friesland Jan. 15
•Stopping at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL 'NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
PANAMA R, R, J S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT,
Cabin. $103; Steerage, $40; Meals Free.
6. S. Argyll sails Monday. Oa-. 9
6. S. Leelanaw sails Saturday, Dec. 21
6. 6. Apgyll rails
From Lombard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market st.
- F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Centra]
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard S. Pier 10. 12 m.
CHILE (Twin Screw).. TT7CAPEL......Dee. 21
...Dec. 7 AREQUIPA Jan. 4
; These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu/. Samoa,' Auckland
and Sydney Friday Dec. 6 10 a m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu .' ;.
Saturday, Dec. 14 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
•• •••• Jan. 4, '02, 10 a. m.
J. D. SFHLCKELS & BROS. CO., Genera. Agents. 327 Hartai tt
Ecn'l Passenger Office, 643 Uarkst St., Pier la. 7. Pacific St
COMPAGNIS GENEK kLZ TBAHSATLANTIQ3K
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ...
Bailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, nlhiaS'vsS
North River, ! foot of I Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldln?). New
York.. J. F. FUGAZI &■ CO., Pacino Coast
Agents. 6 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets gold by all Rallroa<* Ticket A cent*.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMEES.
FOR U. S. NAVY YAJO AND VALLEJO
Steamsn GEN. FRISBIB or MONTICELLO
1:45 'a.- m.r 3:13 and 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
day. - Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 - noon. 6 p. m.. except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:13 p. m. Fare M
cents. Telephone Main 1SC8. Landing and
office, pier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
BROS. _^_
' " EAILWAT TEAVEL.
HpRTH PACIFIC COAST RA1LR0AH
Via Sausollt* F«rry.
' - Commencing September 2», 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:G5. 8:30. •9.S0. 11:00 Tu m.,
•1:43, 3:15, 4:15, 5:15, 'CtlS, 6:45 p. m. ■
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill - Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at '9:30 and 11:40 p. m. - ,^
SUNDAYS— *S:00, »10:0O, »U:30 a. m,, f.li.
j-15 »4:45. 6:30. 9:30 p.. m.'
Traina marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-»5:25. 8:27. 7:45. 8:35.i0ii
a. inT, »ti:2S. 5:13. «3:35. 4:40, 3:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays.. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:5o p. m. (
SUNDAYS-6:15. "8:00. •10:00.- »ll.-43 a. m.
•1:40. »3:15. 4:45, •6:3O I p. m. ""*
Trains marked (•) start from San Qnentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO 8 AN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5M5. 6:45. 7:55. 8:53, 10:30 am
12:35 *:45, 3:50, 6:10 p. m. ' . *
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:05. 10:C3 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. 3S> '
5:00. 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS."
6:53 a.;m. week Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ' >-- ~r..," .,•""'-■ ■.' -;
.1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stat!ons/3S»«9BP8»5i
,8:00.a.m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations. -- -£ttWM*9KP*MaMaMlBiM|afij I
Legal Holiday boats and trains will , run on
Sunday time.
I KAIL17AY 1HLTZL.
! SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
'fritlnw l«»i«» «• yuti nr« <lt«» tw mrlt* •»
%XS ki:im:in<().
. (Main Line. Toot of Market Street.)
tEAVK — rmw K"V*aiacB 4. 1901 — tiimrl
":00a Beiiida, Smsau. Elmln and Sacra-
mentn C:3.1»
7:00a VacATiSIe. Wi\ t-r.». Etimwj 7:53*
7 :3<*« M axtinex, *m I: aitmn, Vnilojo. Napa.
- i:aliiu»g:iiiiiilsaiiut Kunn fl:23p
S:O»A Davis. Woodlaiul. Kuigats F.»riJIuj.
Muvmille, um.KlB. « ?(!»»
fl.-OO* Atlantic KttireM-Oitlcn *3il East *:»3*
. h;li»A XU«a, Lulir.»r. Stcc&tnn <£*»»
. 8:«o.\ Nile*. .»lut>rti.t*. Uii.foid. ViaiMa.
Pbrtsrvflht i:33»
S:3(»a Shustt Kxprrsi— 1'arLi, W;ili*ms (foi
Hartlert Springs). tViilusa. Itml
. lUuiT, riKtlniut. 7i33»
■|3*>« 3»u .lour, l.iierinnre, H:*>efcton,
■ • I'mic, Sncranimtrr, l'UMrviUe,
JUrysiiil... Cl.io-. ]{*.! ISluir. 4s23»
*:X»\ Oak.Uk-. C'.tin-ta.annora. (.Jarfcr*... -*:23»
»:«(»* ]{*y\Y-4ni. SiUaaud Way ttUUobs.. • liS.'J*
SittOA V»Ue}o : tf.SZv
»:••» l^os AncsTas Kxpre?n — IXartitioz
Tracy. Ivtthrop. .H'ocktoii, Merc.-u
Kre<i>onml Lea Anzelea 7t2Jl9
»::»«* V«)I~j<>. Murlluaa an. I ITa; Ktstlon* ?i3f »
I «:<»<» a Thq OvxrUctl Mmltml-Ogdan. r«o-
T*r, Diiik'hiv t;iiire»K" Si*A»
(l:POr SMianiMit.. i!t(«r »immiu< tl !:«<•»
Ss3Up Ilaywaru. .Nil. « nnci Way St. tlon».. 7;A4#
4i»»r llFniei*. Olsten. Hmrrammuob
■ Womllni'il, Knlxhta jamUnK,
M.irj«»Iilf. Or»r!!!« ••:&}*
4:V»r Martinrr. Han IU»i«». V»ll«>jo,
Napa. Calt^oifit. Sm.U. Itoan •'*■?*
■•lOllp Ni!es. Llrrnijor-!. Stocktin. Loiii... 12 -<t2#
4::it»r npyarsril. Ni;~«, .hbh .»..»<», LJ»« rmore t X:t*i*\
«:SOr Fork Coa a. 'fracy, l-athrup, SttckSen l«:»l»
3:<ll»?Tlu» Onrl Idrsiitml— 'nrtt-v, TuUre,
Eafcer.if "lil. Hmijtu fur fisuta U»r-
tmr». I.oo AHgoles 4s03l
8tOO» MersiD'Z, Actloch, Stockton. Mar-
ecd.Fresun !3>23y
8>3Op "Srvr Or! ean* Expretw— \ r endo"«»
Fresno I3akentie.d. Lna AnK«iea.
D.miiig. ETF&ao. New Orleans
and Etsk ?i33*
«:«Op ntfiKui, Kilos and X\u Jawe 2iS34
ftl:O)lr Vallejt*.... ll:23«
«>UOr Oriental Slail— Ogilon. Chfjeuue.
<<niahv Clitcngo. 8s33*
e:O«r Oriental .Mail— Ogdec. Ucnrar.
St. Louis. Chicago. «:XS»
?iUOr OreKou aud California KiproM, K»».
rainnnt<>, Marjavllto, KpcIiKiik,
:''-.* ■''■■■ rurtlaml. t'lixet rtotlml ami Kuk S>33&
Sin.irSan Pablo. P..rt CoaU. Martlnes ■
and Way atatlona H:23a
H:M f v«iie;,, ?iaa»
COAST IilNB (Narrow «»»«•).
• (Footdf MHrtcetatraet.) _:
«iI5a Newark. L,Vi.tBr»ll!e..Saii.»o««.Krlt4.i..
■ ," . )l«iiUlurCr>-«U.. SaiitaOtiixa.net Way
BUUOM »!»•»
1*1 1 Sf Newark Ceulst«lll». SutJow, Nw
Alii>ati«n. IVIton. II.niUW t'rewlc,
Sunta Ctuz tad 1'iluciyal Way '
8Utloni... !•«!»•*
4il.tr Nan-ark. Han Jon*. I.on Gates t»i3(»4
■ft.3ur Hunters 1 Train— San Joe aod Way
Station! t?'"**
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
ma Sll mJiCISCO— IMoi ol luket Street (Slip 8)-
fr:13 9.00 11:00A.M. 1:03 3:03 6:19m.
fHmOilUIO— r«.i .f Br«»4».j.— 18:00 {8;00 13.-0J
19:eO«.M. 12:00 2.08 4:80 r.U.
COAST TilN'B (Itroa.l U»m K e).
(Ttilril him! Townaemt SU.)
«:IOa San Jom tnd Way MUtions. Ositoy
7:0Oi Nun Jowand Way HUUuim t-.Mtr
/?i»WA N«<f Jkln:ail»ii.. / «slO»
»:<I»A Han .ln*«. Trea riDO». Miuita Cim,
l'aoiii« «4m*e, Waliuss. Ban Lull
Obispo, Santa Barbara ami Prln-
• di>»: intermedUte St»tl.nia 7:43*
lOrtOA Sao Jcie and Way Stations. 4tl9t
II:3»A Man .lose ami Way StaLlnm Si.iOf
. tils 15* 3»n Mat«o, lleilwooil, Menlo Park.
Ttio Alto. Kanta Clara, Hmi .him*,
Trea Pino*. Santa Cmr.. Salhiaa.
Monterey >wl I'neiDe (Jrors fl«>43a
itjSOp Han .luso ami Way Mtaliona, «:3»a,
f l:13p San Jn^e ami I'rineipal War Htation* »;•!••»*
t.1:OOrSan Jone, Los GatOs and Principal
. Way Stations JStOO*
5:::t»p Ran Jcmh am! Principal Way SUtinna »:3C*
e.oup Kedwo-.cl. Has J<»*. GUi'j. SaUoaa.
Santa Barbara, Low Aogtl. « IOsOoa
i:3Or Sai.Jnjoau.l W>) KUUniu ♦«•:«»<»*
«ll;4SrSan Jiwaiid AVay Sb.tl.un fli3W>
A for Morninf. )' for Aftemoon.
t Sunday exeeiited. i Snndar only,
a Saturday only.' / TueaUays and Friday*^
CALIFORNIA NORTBWESTEBN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCiSCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
. RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot or Market St.
San Francisco to Son RafaoT.
WEEK DATS— 7:3ft, »:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trij»
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdaya — Kxifo. tripa at l:i*
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:33. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. IM.
5:00, 6:20 p. ra.
San Haras! to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10, 7:50, 9:», 11:10 a. m.; 12:t3.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cxtra vrlps at l:i*
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:10, »:10. U.10 a. ra.; 1:40. J:«;
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 23. 19«n.l Sen Franclaca
Week i Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days.i I days. ( Destination. | days, f Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am| 8:40 am
3:30 pm 3:C0am Petaluma. «:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm[ 8:80 pra
1 Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:25 am
5:C0pm HcaMsbur?, 10:10 am
Lytton,
: . ."> vv Geygerville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Ctoverdale. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am S:CO pm Hopland. 10:40 am 10:25 am
S :30 pm 8:00 am and Uktah. 7:35 pm S:20 pm
7:30 am 10:10 am 10:23 am
8 :00 am Guernevllle. 7:25 pm
1:30 pm 5:C0pm «:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
and
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm <:30 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 amf 110:40 amllO:i5 am
3:30 prn| 5:00 pm| Eebastcpol. | 7:33 pmt 1:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa, tor Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla.; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skagss Springs: at Cloverdale
for tne Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside, LJerley's, BuckneU's.
Sanhedrin Heights. HullvUle, Orr'a Hot
Springs,. Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, Wlllits. LaytonvlHe, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, ScotU
and Eureka.
Saturday! to Monday round- trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 6a> Market street. Chronlcl*
building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt. -
Santa Fe
Trains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-atreet Ferry Depot.
Local LimMIOvrl'd Local
Daily Dally Daily Dally
■ — — - — — — — — — ■
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:13 p
■* Merced... 12:23 p 1:17 p 1:30 a 9:11 p
•* Fresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:13 a 10:30 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 1:27 p 8:05 a ■
" Visalia.... 3:33 p 5:0Ja ........
•' Bakersfld. S:li p 6:20 p 7:43 a
" KanClty J:40 a 7:30 a> ........
•* Crrtcaxo. 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoaiL
. 9:C0 a. m. train ls the California Lim-
ited, Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfield for accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are- honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
daily.
-4:20 p. m. ls Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:.<0
p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. is the- Overland Express, with-
through Palace and Tourist Steencrs and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
- Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:C0 p. m.
dally.
7:2<) a.m.- la Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market rtreet and In Ferry
Depot, San -Francisco; 1111 Broadway. Oak-
land.
ilOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
j 1:15 p. *• "". Tr " k "** (5*5 p.
F»rt, F»n Fruirix-o to Summit »ad Return, tl W.
SkfatOaota. ill UAKLXI iVSSXt ud iiCiAUIO FlttET.
-^""W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jgL^-jig 629 HEARST ST. Established
|K2l j<»V(\j\ In 1**3J for the treatment <-f l'rl\ ni*
Sl\±2^$S$ O\!W**<t*. l*mt Manii«M>d. PffiKitv «r
SjtvHSiy&fCVlKfas.' weariiigmi hod jr ami ii>Iim1 a:nl -
Sste&Ss***-' 5 ' 1 '" t)isL-:ises. The Doctor ctw<»3Wli»n
others fill!. Try hnn. I'bargvn iow.
J^^aSSkfoaZcU*'" 11 "^* ennf nnlrril. Call or«vrit*
hi. Sm S*' M(UK4»3I. Mail Fraudscc. CoL
Weekly Call, $1 per Year.
1314
ADVERTISEMENTS. ■" ; /
The wonderful waist business we are do-
ing certainly has a. meaning-. It proves be-
yond all question that the woir^^of San
FranciFco lock to Maries Bros. Tor swell
and Btylish waists for little money. And
they always find them.
Here Are Some of the Bargains for
TO-DAY'S SELLING
Sizes of WAISTS on sale. 32 to 46: every
garment lined throughout: come in all the
new colors, including black; open back or
front.
fr O/> MERCERIZED FLANNEL
OVfw WAISTS, neatly tucked; some-
thing new; cur regular price 75c.
•yer -, for regular $1 25 GERMAN
< Ow FLANNEL WAISTS: stylishly
made and trimmed.
Cl Oft for rerular Jl 75 STRIPED
O I iZO ALBATROSS FLANNEL
WAISTS; a very pretty style.
C* I PZf\ for repula'r £2 25. solid colors,
OltUv FRENCH FLANNEL
VTAISTS: tucked all over; excellent value.
CC% O KJ *or WAISTS made of Albatross
V^«»^v or best French Flannel; some
come tucked and hemstitched; others
trimmed with Point Venice Lace; not a.
waist among | this lot worth less than
$3 50.
O O Q fk foT Si" 1 Waists, made of best
O^-»f " Taffeta; front. back and
sleeves tucked; only a small lot; similar
waists sell elsewhere $o 00.
<JJQ QCJ for Women's best Albatross
OOeOO Flannel Waists; handsomely-
embroidered in Bilk: beautiful open-work
designs through ■which Js seen an under
lining of finely tucked white Taffeta silk;
considered good value at -?6 CO.
A FEW SNAPS IN
BOYS' FLANNEL WAISTS.
Sizes 2 to 12— come in all colors.
OP£r» for regular 35c BOYS' FLANNEL
-ot waists. ;
QC- for regular BOc BOYS' FLANNEL.
*>*J I ~' WAISTS. I ".
PZf\/-r for -regular 75c BOYS' FLANNEL
OUC WAISTS.
*7tZr» for regular $1 BOYS' FLANNEL'
lOC WAISTS.
2 GREAT SPECIALS IN
Rainy Day and Dress Skirts.
d Q CS for our regular $2 00 WAX.K-
O1*OU ING SKIRTS of fine Melton-
ette, in gray and brown /mixtures. .
CO QPJ for Dress Skirts of Storm
<J>O«-fc«J Serge or English Cheviots; ele-
gantly tailored; new flare flounce; good
*4 75 value.
A BAG OF SWEETS given to each, cnild
accompanied by an adult visiting our store.
OPEN TO-NIGHT AND EVERY NIGHT
UNTIL X1IAS.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Between Taylor and Jones. :
BEOTEFIT CONCERT FOB
BOZB. •WOEEEN AND. CHTLDBEN"
S offerers in the Concentration Camps
of South Africa Need
Aid.
A concert and entertainment will be
given in Metre politan Temple Tuesday
evening, December lfl, for the benefit of
the Boer women and children in the con
centration caaips of South Arrica. The
death rate among the suXTerers "rom neg
lect and starvation has reached an alarm
ing percentage and chanty entertainments
are being given all over the world in aid
of them. The following programme will
be rendered:
"Boer Marcfr." organ soto (Werner), Pro
fessor Ernst iVerner; "lin Walde," concert
fantasie (P. spiegelberg), Hannonie Zither
Club (twenty-ei* ht instruments). Professor E.
Bachmann, dlre«*or; "Wirrwarr," humorlst
lsches potpourri <H. Voigt). lYeundschaft
Singing Society, Professor J. R. Rieeger, di
rector; "A Dream." solo (X C. Bartlett), Miss
Paraskotra Sandolin; **To Te Fighting Lords
of London Town" (Joaxjuin Miller), recitation
by Miss Hllma A. ButtJar; (a) "Das Deutsche
Ued" (Helm), <b) "Sciioen Rohtraut," Volks
lled. Schwaben Stnglne Society, Professor J.
R. Rlegger, dlrecwr; appeal of a Boer Lady
for Her People, Mrs. Anthony; selection,
'"Scandinavian Sonsa," Swedish Singing Soci
«ty. Professor A. M. Pihlstrom, director;
Transvaal National Hymn (translated by
Charles D. South, »et to music by Professor
Ernst Werner). Ml«e Sannie Kruger; organ,
eolo. Professor Ernst Werner.
AN INSOLVENT FAR3XER.— John "W. Hab
erly. a farmer of Concord, Contra Costa Coun
ty, filed a petition in Insolvency yesterday In
th« United States District Court. He owes
51TS3 06 and has no assets.
WILL. CANNOT BE PROBATED.— Mrs. Mary
E. Johnson petitioned the Supreme Court to
allow the protexine of a -will made by her
husband but destroyed during his lifetime.
Her allegations of fraud were disallowed and
the court decided yesterday that th» lost will
cannot be offered for probate.
v • ADVERTISEMENTS. j ' ■ '■ ■_ _-' '•'■ : --:'^--'\_. ..:..'■;'
I'V'&^I^Sr American commercial supremacy is ihe result of intelligence, industry and remarkable J^BraiB
I'-^Sm^kifli 1 * 1 The American shoe has captured the London market, and the British shoemaker P a 5'fflBlili
is in distress because the American mapufacturer has taken pains to please his patrons. (s'tauSHB
I ~~ 'M T* ne British, manufacturer makes the kind of shoes he thinks the people ought to wear. ra'^^pBllli
I r^'vJsj Good, stout, square-toed, sensible shoes they may be, but the public does hot like them, pas£§m££l
F -V^m American manufacturer makes prettier shoes to pleasethe. i public( f.-r.j. ; \ ■' He therrfiSa:
i-:T. J||S has no ideals except to offer his patrons a salable shoe Therefore he .sj&11s : his shoes Givraraffi&|
* fc ''-^m an<^ sets e f asn i° ns f° r London And he sells his shoes cheaply A greafshoemaker '^
[ ?--'«SsiI °^ M assacnusels sa y s tnat his profit on each pair of shoes is only two cents-a'peril- thamgm&fj
[■ /v r^i| ously close margin to figure on — yet his profit from the business is $90,000 per year. pajriBMnHr
Th erc ' s anexample of American daring and sagacity • ' s "9rairami
B^gSaBaRgj cotfc ic A Y* I iTtlo at i* /"\ m n L/'^i'rc at JBv I 1^^1^& reSStiSsSPiSii
jraBBSg* bcllb lb r\. C. L/llucr CX v>0., Illdrvclb Ui IVwwJI<»J
F^ ti??^ *27* £3c*T|f s\ f _ w— T\ | lffF w m MS m B ft m JS .^^ 63 I V\ T W% A* t V* #% 5"*^ 1 '
KJffiSoiBBfitfl- O PEN EV cNlN «■#> S« \&*jf^*Bf /^v * tCL^'* [ *wS5» B
WITTMAN WILL
STOP GAMBLING
Police Make a Raid on
Nickel-in- the - Slot
Machines.
Those That Pay in Checks
or Coin Will Be
Destroyed.
Chief Wittman has determined to put a
stop to all sorts of gambling prohibited
by.law, and' to that end has inaugurated
a vigorous policy of suppression. \ He
started by stopping the selling of pools
by cigar dealers, and followed that up by
stopping all turkey raffles, as he discov
ered that they were made a cloak for
gambling, pure and simple.
Now he has turned his attention, to
nickel in the slot machines which pay in
checks redeemable by coin at the bar or
In nickels. It came to his knowledge that
numbers of boys and young men played
these machines in saloons and corner gro
ceries and he detailed two officers in plain
clothes to procure evidence in the mat
ter. The result was that twelve warrants
were sworn out in the Police Courts yes
terday for the arrest of saloon men and
grocers who have been violating the law
in this regard. ' ■ .
The Chief contends that he has the
power under the charter to destroy these
machines. To make assurance doubly
sure he sent a letter to District Attorney
Byington requesting his opinion on the
matter and has received the following re
ply:
Replying to your communication of Novem
ber 30 1901, requesting my opinion on section 5,
chapter 3, page 102 of the charter, ."regarding
powers of Board of Police Commissioners rela
tive to the destruction and sale of property In
possession of property clerk," I would
state that- It seems clear from said
provision that it was the intent of the charter
to give to the Board of Police Commissioners
power to order the destruction of all imple
ments, weapons, or any other article, matter
or thins used In the commission of crime.
The Chief said yesterday
I shall, In view of that opinion, destroy all
these machines, as they have been used in the
commission of crime. They cost $250 each, I
believe, and the loss will be considerable. I
have an order here for the return of a ma
chine, signed by Judge Cabaniss, -but I will
not honor it. The machine was seized In a sa
loon at 433 Dupont street, and the proprietor,
S. Kanl, a Japanese, was convicted by the
Judge. Any saloonkeeper who has one of these
machines will be brought before the Commis
sioners to show cause why his license should
not be revoked for allowing gambling on his
premises. Boys play these machines and lose
considerable money, and I am determined to
suppress them.
! Those arrested on a charge of maintain
ing the machines are: Henry George
Hayes, grocer, 598 Geary street; George
Wobber, clerk in Claussen's grocery, 40$
Geary street; H. Schroeder, grocer, 501
Jones street, and D. Fagothey, grocer,
Jones and Turk streets.
Last evening the police arrested Dennis
Fagothy, Charles Shakefield, James Fer
guson and George Gibt> and charged them
with violating the nickel-in-the-slot ordi
nance.
SAIUffAKEB LEONG NOT
GUILTY OF SMUGGLING
Commissioner Heacock Does Not
Think There Is Sufficient Proof :
to Hold Him for Trial.
Leong How, Chinese sailmaker on the
steamship Doric, was examined yesterday
by "United States Court Commissioner
Heacock on a charge of smuggling and.
against the contention of United States
Attorney Wood worth, was discharged
from custody. He was taken in charge
by the Custom-house officials and placed
in the detention shed in the Mail dock
for deportation to China.
Commissioner Heacock ruled that \ no
evidence had been introduced to show
that Leongr had landed the smuggled
goeds or had assisted in their being land
ed. It had been proved that Leong
brought a quantity of silk and silk caps
frcm China to this port in the Doric and
sold them to Joseph Alexander. The buy
er concealed the goods on his person and
was arrested by customs officers as soon
as he reached the wharf. Woodworth is
of the opinion that Leong by bringing the
goods inside the Golden Gate had actually
smuggled them into the United States and
his eale of them to Alexander showed his
guilty intent. . Otherwise there is nothing
in the law to prevent a shipload of smug
gled goods being brought to the dock and
sold to persons on shore.
Says He Was Held Up.
James Rlghtmlre, a clerk, claims he was
held up by three men while passing
through Washington Square last Sunday
night and robbed of $30. The police place
little credence In the story.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALiti, THURSDAY, BECEMBER 5, 1901.
L ADY TEACHERS UNFITTED
FOR DUTY IN PHILIPPINES
So Says Congressman Weeks, Who -Gives
Opinion of Conditions. in the Islands.
ONGRESSMEN Edgar Weeks, of
ff^ f Michigan and D. A. de Armorid of
(I . Missouri: were among the arrivals
yesterday on the transport Han
t cock from Manila. After leaving
the dock they went immediately to * the
California Hotel, and left last evening for
the East. - \ ...
Both Representatives have collected a
great amount of material which they
feel assured will be of much benefit to
them while discussing the Filipino ques
tion in Congress. Mr. Weeks said, when
asked about conditions in the islands: ;
There is a popular idea that the Philippines,
are over-populated. This is a m'stake. There
are thousands of acres of fine land that has
never been touched by either plow or hoe. This
land would produce splendid coffee. ' A poor
man should not go to the islands, as there is
no field for him. The price of labor is cheap
and will always be so on account of the cli
mate. The natives themselves can only work a
portion of each day. During the hot weather
they have -to lay off several hours in a day,
or they .would be prostrated by the heat
250,000 Wild Morros.m Jungles.
In my tour of the islands I found that the
towns and villages are all built near the coast.
In the interior, only a few miles from the
beach the land Is covered by a dense Jungle.
In these jungles 250,000 Morros live. They are
of the Mohammedan faith and have never
been ruled or conquered by any nation. Spain
did not rule them and the United States will
be a lone time bringing them to observe the
law. They don't want any religion but their
own. They ask to be allowed to follow their
own religion and declare if their request is
granted they will not interfere with the white
men.
I was only thirty-five miles from the scene of
the massacre of Company C of the Ninth In
fantry. During our tour we took many des
perate chances of being caught The Govern
ment Is putting more ginger Into its way of
ruling the natives, and that Is the only way to
get along with them. The Filipinos cannot be
taught to love a government, but when they
•are afraid they obey the laws. •*
The question of the Sultan of Sulu and his
harem is a very email matter when you are
confronted with the great questions that are
now Involved. The Sultan lives in a dirty,
tumbled-down house and he may have several
wives but he Is a very Insignificant Individ
ual. I do not fear any trouble with him.
Thinks Aguinaldo Not Intelligent.
I saw Aguinaldo and spent half a day with
him. He Is not an intelligent man, and' I think
feels that he Is inferior in intellect to the
Americans. He is a peculiar man, and after
meeting him you are impressed with the idea
that he Is a very foolish person, or that, he
wants you to believe he is. He seemed to me
to be wearing a mask and was not clever, but
cunning. We exchanged photos,- but I do not
believe that his display of friendship was sin
cere. The general opinion among the military
men is that Aguinaldo should be allowed to
escape. He ie a dead Issue and is no longer a
menace to the United -States. It is supposed
that he does not want to run away, as he
would at once be assassinated by the friends
of General Luna. He ordered that General
Luna be killed and the deceased soldier's
friends' will kill him the first opportunity In
revenge. .
The new method of educating the natives,
as adopted by this Government, Is wrong.
Refined, handsome young ladles from Vassar
and other colleges went down to the Philip
pines to educate these natives. They were dis
tributed among the islands, some of them ( be-
PROMINENT REPRESENTA
TIVES WHO RETURNED YES
TERDAY FROM PHILIPPINES.
ing put in villages that were merely composed
of shanties. They have had to put up with
all kinds of privations and to eat native food,
and In eome places their lives haVe been in
danger. I think this is entirely | unnecessary.
In place of these young ladies, discharged sol
diers of education, who had , become acclimat
ed, should be, appointed and the young ladles
should be sent home. : . . ■ . '■ ..
EELIGIOXTS LESSONS NOT
FOR THE PUBLIC SCHOOLS
Professor T. B. • Dresslar of the Uni
versity of California delivered a lecture
last night at St. Luke's' Church on
"Teaching in the Sunday School." In the
course of- his address he said:
It Is not . the function I of public schools In
this country to give expression. to religious be
liefs. This must be left to other agencies. Be
cause of this some have said that public schools
are antl-rellgious.- Nothing Is more untrue.
Our public schools are simply secular.
If the people of this nation are to receive
religious Instruction they must get It outside
the public school. If the church could shift
its responsibility in respect to the religious
teaching of children it would have no need of
the gospel. The best possible thing for the
church is this responsibility, -which should not
be shifted.
It Is Just as necessary that children should
have religious education as they should know
arithmetic. It is as much a part of their
nature.
THINKS WRECK
HAS BEEN FOUND
Searching Party Strikes
Sunken Object Near
Arch Rock.
Divers to Go Down To-Day to
Ascertain if It Is the
San Rafael.
The California Wrecking Company
thinks it has located the wreck of the
steamer San Rafael. Early yesterday
morning Captain H. J. Rogers took out
the launches Amy, Nina and Wm. D. Tha
Amy and Nina were fastened together by
a* long towing line, while a huge drag
was let down between. The Amy carried
the wreckers and a big load of -anchors
and rope, so the Wm. U was fastened to
her in order to prevent her, drifting too
fast with the tide.
A start was m,ade from off the fog bell on
Alcatraz Island, about 10 a. m. • When the
boats were near Arch Rock they were
brought up with a jerk. An investigation
showed that something foreign to the lo
cality had been struck and every attempt
to raise the drag failed. The wreckers
concluded that they had located the re
mains of the San Rafael and anchored
the Amy over it. To-day a diver will go
down and . make an investigation.
Captains Bolle3 and Bulger, United
States Local Inspectors of Steam Vessels,
will begin at 1 o'clock this afternoon an
Investigation into the collision between
the San Rafael and the Sausalito.
A boat from the San Rafael was picked
up at the quarry on Angel Island yester
day. It is not badly damaged and evi
dently brokje adrift from the lashings
when the steamer went dawn.
OLD DICK
SURVIVES
THE WRECK
DICK, the faithful old black
horse of the North Pacific
Coast Railroad Company,
,that was supposed to have
gone down with the ill
fated steamer San Rafael, has
turned up safe and sound. This
news will, not only be pleasing
but gratifying to the hundreds of
commuters who have fed the
horse during the trips across the
bay. . . s.
During all the excitement at
tendant on the , wreck of the
steamer last Saturday night Dick
seemed oblivious to danger. He
might have gone to the bottom
with the steamer had not Captain
McKenzie liberated him. As stat
ed in an interview with a Call
representative on the night of the
wreck, Captain McKenzie said he
took a good look through the
cabin and even went below t and
cut the halter rope that held' the
freight horse.
"I tried to lead him toward the
deck," said Captain McKenzie,
"but he balked. There was not
much time to lose, so I Just got
him started so he could have a
chance to get overboard when the
steamer sank. . I don't know
whether Dick got into the water
•or not, but when I left the San
Rafael there was not a single
passenger aboard the sinking
steamer."
It Is evident the faithful animal
did go overboard, and its instinct
caused it to swim toward the
nearest land. This was Alcatraz
Island. A dispatch was received
from San j Rafael yesterday stat
ing that the horse was found
peacefully grazing on the island.
PLAN RUMMAGE SALE -
TO AID THE POLYCLINIC
Ladies in Charge of the Affair Ex
pect a Generous Public
Response.
A rummage I sale for charity will be
opened at 417 Fourth street next Satur
day. The money derived from the sale of
the articles la to be devoted to the San
Francisco I'olyclinlc. The institution is a
dtEervinr one, and the ladies in charge
of the sale iequest donations of all kinds.
If either of the following named ladies is
notified an express wagon will "03 sent
for any articles donated:
Mrs Isaac Hecht, corner Jackson and Octavia
streets; Mrs. T. G. Walkington, 1109 Franklin
street; Mrs. L. Meyersteln, corner Clay and
Franklin streets; Mrs. D. Neustadter, corner
Sacramento street and Van Ness avenue; Mrs.
J B. Stetson, corner Clay street and Van Ness
avenue; Miss Adelaide Pollock, 909 Broderlck
street: Mrs. W. D. , O'Kane, 2119 • Broadway;
Mrs. Harry Gray, corner Scott and Union
streets; Mrs. George Davis, 2000 Baker street;
Mrs. I*. Elkus. 2328 Pacific avenue; Mrs. S. S.
Kahn, 8U*Sutter street, or Mrs. M. Regens
burger, 3342 Clay street, of the board of lady
managers, or any one of the following ladles,
wives of the faculty of the free dispensary:
Mrs. Henry I*. Wagner, 1407 Jones street; Mrs.
Louis Bazet. 908 Geary street; Mrs. William A.
Martin, 870 Fell street; Mrs. Washington
Dodge, Hotel Cumberland; Mrs. James A.
Black, 406 Sutter street; Mrs. T. B. W. Leland.
Commercial Hotel; Mrs. J. Wilson Shiels, 1550
Page street; Mrs. F. B. Carpenter, 2522 Market
street; Mrs. H. A. L. Ryfkogel, 1518 Masonic
avenue; Mrs. Frank P. Wilson, 2295 Sacramento
street . •■ , , - ,
CTJSTOM-HO1JSE WEIGHER
SWAIOJOWS CHLOROFOBM
Friend Believes That He Took tho
Drug Through Mistaking It
for a Sleeping Potion.
Frank L. Klbbey, assistant weigher at
the Custom-house, was taken to the Cen
tral Emergency Hospital shortly before
midnight last < night suffering from an
overdose of chloroform, taken Internally.
From the circumstances surrounding the
case It Is quite probable that Kibbey ac
cidentally took the dose that may end
his life. L He went on a spree yesterday
morning, and. about 6 o'clock last even-
Ing, when he got ready to go home, he
went into . the ■ Baldwin drug store and
purchased some -chloroform, which he
said he | intended to use in . cleaning silk.
He changed his mind about going home,
however, and together with a friend
named Jim Little visited the Oberon and
several places. ' The liquor overtaxed
Klbbey* b nerves and he went to a physi
cian, who prescribed a sleeping draught.
Then Klbbey hired a room In an Ellis
street lodging-house, and it is supposed
that he accidentally drank the chloroform
instead of the sleeping draught.
Overcoats to Beat the Band.
500 . men's all-wdol overcoats, worth $20
each and every one of them, for' Just $4 63.
They ax© the balance of the Lyceum stock
of clothing. ' If they are gone there will
be nothing to prevent getting ready for
the bankrupt stock of A. Brick & Co.,
which sale will begin on Thursday, Decem
ber 12. ,Tet would advise all money-sav
ing people ■' not to neglect : to-morrow's
Bale. Men's all-wool overcoats, worth J20,
for %i 65 at the clothing assignee sale of
the Boston, 773 Market St., near Fourth, •
Rescues Deserted j Child.
Fred Malley," a '10-year-old boy, was
found ' living alone ■ and uncar ed for at
229% Sixth street yesterday by Secretary
White of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty - to Children. ;' The little fellow
had. been deserted by. both mother and
father and was left to shift: for himself
with neither I food nor sufficient clothing.
He was placed in the .Youths' Directory. .
"» LECTURE ON REFORM.— Dr. Anna. Harris
will review | her lecture on "Principles as I the
Basis of - Reform' ' •' before 1 the .Twentieth Cen
tury Club.' In the Flood building, this evening.
Hole's. , v-fc, Hala'a. 1
To-Day the Naval |^W-^
Review of our Boats l^i;^
In the Lake on the Third Floor. J ~i||^
Come in and see the show. Biff folks will enjoy it a» SA
much as the little people. There's the Olympia, the Ore- -JVS^SSL
gon, the Brooklyn, the New York, as well as cruisers -^U
torpedo-boats and revenue cutters— perfectly modeled <£'f\ 9o£v*V« \
and completely e quipped even to their warpaint— all they v«2&-> w '
lack are the jackies, and they are not needed. Boats go %< l^>Jn '
without them. v*v Clb;
To emphasize the occasion we've put forward these
half-dozen %1^^^!
Offers You Can't Afford to Skip.
10-inch Tin Boats 2Se— A Launch 90o-
Propelled by friction power, makes a rods- Painted and .trlped-* perfect model.
wS™^"*!!^- Steam launch 89c—
warsnips %wc— hM j_, nch p^
11 Inches Ion*, completely •<W*W* *** ind whistles and shoots steam as If It was
cannon, lifeboats, flags-as formidaWe as t f busl ness. Has a brass boiler and
the real thin*, and they handl» themselves cabin aft.
as gracefully In water as If It were an old- a caom *" u
time pilot. Torpedo Boats 98c —
Gunboats 59c— . A foot and a half long. A perfect model.
17 Inches lony "built of tin and wood, and fitted out with an engln« and boiler. Com*
decked in their war paint. In to-day and see It show off.
Aprons of All Kinds
At Reduced Prices.
Aprons for maids or matrons, nurses or waitresses-yfixed up in^ all the
new and pretty ways. Made from good standard materials and without a
fault. It's a rare opportunity even at any time of the year. But to have it
come within three weeks of Christmas is rarer still.
14c for 20c Aprons. Fancy Tea Aprons 50c. 7,
Of good lawn. 83 Inches long. 88 Inches of good lawn, some handmnely trimmed
wide., deep hem and stripes above, 1-inch wJtn embro i der7 O n the bottom; Other
band wide strings. Bty , es tqw of embroldery teaep .
loC TOP IZOC ApPOnSt tlon across the bottom and up each side.
Of good lawn. 40 Inches long. 40 Inches wide,
wide. 6-inch hem. wide strings. other handsome styles at 75c. f l.OO
White Aprons 25c. «"* • 1 - s «-
10 styles; good lawn, large size, some trim- p v f pg f «r»rio. Annnnc
med at bottom with wide embroidery and EX t"« La"gC /iprOuS OUC*
tucks above, some with deep hem and 12 Good lawn, extra large sire, 33 Inches long
fine tucks above; other styles with fancy and 78 Inches wide, goes clear around tao
embroidered pocket; still another with deep dress and pins in the track— sort of an
hem and fancy lace openwork above. overall apron. An extraordinary value.
Nurses' and Waitresses' Aprons, 25c Each.
• Three styles, good lawn, large size, deep hemstitched hem on bottom, also hemstitched
bib and shoulder, bretelles.
Another very 'popular style with pointed bib and tucked shoulder bretelles; still another
with neat ruffle on shoulder straps and top of bib.
Waitresses' aprons in blue and brown checked gingham with bib and shoulder strata
25c each.
NURSES' CAPS-Cc, 10c, 15e. 20c. 25c.
OTHER STYLES NURSES' APRONS at 35c and BOc.
Sofa Pillows (Ready lo Use), $1.57.
A coveted pillow. The tops are lithographed in the newest and catchiest '
.designs. The pillow itself is a 26-inch silk floss one, the back is a piece of
fancy art ticking, the edges are touched off with mercerized cord and tassel.
The actual cost of the material itself foots up $1.57.
We Charge Nothing for the Making.
It's done to stimulate Christmas buying in the art department.
By the way, these pillows make the handsomest kind of a present— $1.57.
We've filled one of our Market-street windows with them.
This Postoffice in the Store
Is a Great Christmas Convenience.
You may buy your presents for Eastern friends and register them without
leaving the building. Thus you avoid' an extra trip downtown as well as the
worry and waiting at a city postoffice. - : ■
CHINESE ESCAPE
FROM MAIL DOCK
Seven Climb Through the
Skylight of the De- •
tention Shed.
. Seven Chinese Immigrants In transit
escaped from the detention shed on the
Mail | dock last Tuesday night and were
recaptured some time afterward by cus
toms inspectors.
The Chinese climbed ' out of the room
through the skylight with the assistance
of a rope ladder furnished by. some per
son on the outside. The escape was not
detected until half past 10 o'clock, when
Government Watchman T. T. Brown
gave the alarm. Lieutenant Edward Dur
kin and Inspector J. T. Stone of the Cus
tom-house force and two watchmen em
ployed by J the ' Pacific Mall Steamship
Company went on the roof of the Mail
dock and after a thirty-nunute search
among the coal tramways and barbed
wire fences captured six of the fugitives.
The other was caught at a quarter after
1 o'clock yesterday inornJng by Lieuten
ant Edward Durkin and Puiiceman J. J.
Murphy. The Chinaman was hiding be
hind some old lumber in an alleyway used
as a thoroughfare to and from the Ori
ental wharf, more than hail a block from
the detention shed.
The outbreak was reported to the
watchmen by Chan Gum Tong; who
claims to be a merchant of Fresno ra
turning after a visit to his native land.
The remaining Chinese in the detention
shed threatened to cut his throat for hav
ing given the alarm, and the customs of
ficials took him out and kept him under
guard so that his life might not be In
danger.
One of the fugitives Is & Chinaman re
turning to Salt Lake, and the others are
in transit to» Mexico. Before climbing
through the skylight the Chinese put
on their best clothes and filled their pock
els with clean stockings. One of the num
ber had tried to escape on a previous oo
casion.
The Chinese Bureau will make a vigor
ous investigation of the escape, especial
ly with a view to finding out how the Chi
nese got the rope, and for the purpose
also of discovering the parties through
-whose negligence the escape was mats
possible. •■ '.}
Report on Vital Statistics.
Statistician Edward M. Coffey filed his
monthly report for November yesterday?
showing that there were 564 deaths dur
ing the month. During the corresponding
month last year there were 571. The
births registered were 510. The principal
causes of death were as follows: Diph
theria 15. typhoid 10, constitutional 124,
pulmonary • tuberculosis 69, cancer 33,
brain disease 35, heart disease 66. misad
venture and negligence 52, of which 7
were homicides and 12 suicides.
Membership Has Increased.
At the annual gathering of active mem
bers of trie Young Men's Christian Asso
ciation yesterday J. L. Kennedy v read a
paper - on "Individual Responsibility -in
the Development of the Association
"Work." During the meeting it developed
that the membership was larger than at
any other time in the history of the in
stitution. « EHSSSBflRBnH
The Man From Glengarry.
The new book by Ralph ponnor, the au
thor of "Black Rock" and "The Sky
Pilot," is being sold by Cooper &;Co. for
$1 05. All other books are cut from 20 to
60 ■ per cent. "The Crisis" is 85 cents;
"Eternal City," 95 cents; "D'ri and I."
n<& ' •■ . .;■..■'-•-:• -;-- ■ --•• .-
SPECIAL SALE
THURSDAY— FRIDAY—SATURDAY
HOLIDAY GOODS ARE GIVEN AN
IMPORTANT PLACE IN OUR STORE.
SPECIAL CARE IN PACKING AND
FREE DELIVERY "WITHIN 100 MILES i
OP SAN FRANCISCO.
BUTTER, 2 squares. . . . .75C
Choice creamery.
RANCH EGGS, 2 dozen... 75c
Fancy California ranch eggs.
IDEAL MUSH, 4 pkgs....25c
A delightful breakfast mush;
cooks quick; regularly 3 for 25c.
JUMBALAYA RELISH, bot. 40c
The most perfect product of
the canners' art. Delicate and
appetizing. Free samples at stor*.
PEELED PEACHES, 2 lbs. 25*
Choice evaporated Peach**)
regularly 20c a lb.
SHELLED ALMONDS, lb..25c
Fancy shelled Almond*—
ready for salting;
regularly SSc.
FARD DATES, !b . !0c
This season's; extra fancy;
regularly 15c "
BLACK FIGS, lb... >.5c
Choic* new black Figs;
regularly > lbs 25c.
ROCK AND RYE, bot. . . . /?5t
Made from best Rock Candy / \
and pure old Rye Whiskey; f *
regularly $1 00 a bot. f
OUR HOLIDAY CATALOGUE FREE FOR A.'
POSTAL.
Country orders griven prompt attention.
89 STOCKTON ST., near Market.
TELEPHONE MAIN S523.
* EVERY WINEGLASSFUL OF
IS A DOSE OF
VIGOR AND HEALTH.
At Druggists' throughout lha World.
WHIPS, ROBES, BLANKETS
FOA THE HOLIDAYS. ,
■ Novelties — many of th«>m !m-
ported— all new— most /nv price.
STUDEBAKER RRQS.^OMPANY
Market and Tenth St*>