GRAY -HAIRED VETERANS AND PIONEERS
AND THEIR SONS CHEER THE PRESIDENT
MRS: McKINLEY IS VERY CHEERFUL
WITH THE RETURN OF HER HEALTH
M"- RS. McKINLEY^^ was.in a_ happy] frame of mind ''yesterdax^y'/ SheThas^ sufficiently; re- •;,;
covered Her health to takel great interest in^ ; the President's 'i daily; movements (and ?
is looking forward to the, departure-for^ the^ East : to-morrow.'. ¦ / ' ¦¦", ,¦¦- ¦•¦' .
- Yesterday morning -Mrs.' : Mc-Kinley-awoke •reiFreslie'd;-after^a.very > restful;.night,:
; . and during the day walked around the; house, 'although • she did I not '.venture r i to i descend the "
. . , stairs... She partook ofjsuDStantialjob^
. . newspaper 'accounts of the President's movements^^pn the -previous 'day. ¦ . ' - ' -v- " : •¦ *-•
• - The consulting physicians have : ceased to j visit ; Mrs.'! McKinley since '"•¦Wednesday, and -
S • Dr. Rixey.was able to leave his 'patient -in; ; charge ';of^.the nurses yesterday -and/take a;long.walk.
If the. weather r permits -"the";* President .and ". Mrs: , ''McKinley will;; go,: for v a drive
j , 'this morning: \ C'~ * I ¦ JV '. \ ? '^ -.- '¦¦¦"¦¦.'¦/¦".. '¦-• ¦'; r ?:i''":'.:> ¦'* y ,-¦¦>• I '¦¦'¦\" '-' '•¦•'.-. •'*'•. ¦:¦'¦: '">¦:¦'; ¦'• •'•. : ' : :
Mrs. McKinley yesterday received; -a^b'eautiful: bunch of Galifornia.; iris ; from .: Mrs. '.W.';/
Freeman ' Southard/, representing the^San' FranciscoWomen -s Ghristian \ Temp Union. . .
> - The 1 flowers "were accompanied by a ilettetv from* the -ladies': of : the iiiinibh i congratulating : Mrs! - ; ;
1 McKinley on : her recovery. ¦¦'"¦ '¦ ? i -' 1 " ' L - ¦ -< ' 't ¦' '''"¦' '"'"¦• ¦ ' . -
¦ :'•. ¦- ¦ ¦¦'.-¦ . .-¦• ¦" ¦ ¦' ' •• •" : " ; :V.- ;•.;*•*.. .t- :^ .:-¦¦-¦¦• : ",:- : ¦'¦''' ' . -*¦"¦:'¦ '¦i,,-i ¦¦•-¦' : ; ¦¦.* "* "¦ ¦'''¦ '.-'¦ .t ".;,••'¦' ; '.¦••'¦', v-'- "
one' to give .the words of the* remaining
verses. -A. J. Vinlng knew the words and;
led ; the slnglngi In ;; the Jmidst of the ¦.vol
unteer, service signaUwas "given for^'order,
and : Barnes - coming j forward \ dc
clafed'McKinley''Provisional PostNo.'a901
; open "to receive Comrade j McKinley.': Seat
; ed on the platform when .the' post .was de
! clared. open we're S.^Wf, Backus, E./S.
i Solomon;: J.^B. fuller, „ Jesse 'rMeehanVi N.
> P/-Cmpman,7SoltCahen^R:.(H. : I : W'arfleld,
(George Stone, ;S.>W. ? Roberts,] C^T.\Mas-
teller, 1 C. '. Mason -'Kirine.VW.^R.; Smedberg,
S.', W.' ; Carpenter; -Adjutant*. Roberts « and
Selden^Sturges.^ . ;; : \ / .^. ; - " '. .v
:' Presently ' President -. McKinley,; escorted
by 'A. i D. ' Cutler, J came' in- by. a passageway
Continued /on 1 ? Page "Four.
fETERANS of\ the Mexican War,
',-, California \ Pioneers, .. Native
; Sons . and | Native Daughters
. gave: the >Presldent a' greeting
; # at > Native Sons' Hall at 3 :40
' o'clock "yesterday -afternoon
' '""/' ' that for typical Western heart
iness- bore away the palm over "any pre
vious' function of the President's visit in
San* Francisco. '- As for the President, he
evidently felt-deeply .the ' significance of
the event,, and: as he looked Into' the .faces
of the gray -haired veterans and'pioneers,
the makers of the' State.'arid'of the young
er men and women.Tsons and daughters of
the hardy ' pioneers, hl3*own face softened
.with 'emotion' and appreciation of the'.liv
ing' epitome .of , California ' history that
filled ,th^hall;before. him. > . r - .
J* The 'Native Daughters and | members ot
the Association of Pioneer Women of Cal
ifornia occupied; several -rows of seats in
the front and center of the hall. ] Back of
"them'.was seated "a . large", number of Pio
neers, while ith'e . Mexican- , War ' Veterans
sat a .littie'further, back < in the- section": of
"chairs 4 th e north ' side of i the" hall.
.The\ remainder 'of the hall and its "gallery
.were ,' filled .with', enthusiastic, '<- vociferous
Native" Sons."/,; ';\ ;¦ ;' . .'- . ,.-'.-; ,"
¦ : McKinley, arrived; ten " minutes ¦ after, tha
time ; set^ for f his f appearance. .;¦ He "waa
brought In at the main entrance and e*»
corted down 'the center aisle of : the hall
to the stage amid cheers that rattled' tha
chandeliers. ' . .
Former Judge A. R. Cotton,' president ot
the Society of California Pioneers, sat at
the President's left, while Justice . Van
Dyke of the Supreme Court,- vice presi
dent of the Pioneers, and Colonel W. C.
Burnett, past commander of the Mexican
War Veterans, sat to McKinley's right.
On the stage were also the following:
Mayor , Phelan, .Chief of Police Sullivan,
Henry B/Russ of the Pioneers, Y. G.. du
Py. , H. G. W. Dinkelsplel. , Henry Lun
stedt.'John T. Hannes, Adolph Eberhardt.
Frank L. Coombs and Colonel i Boxton of
the Native Sons and Mrs. ¦> Genevleve"'Ba
ker of the'Natlve Daughters. ,
' ' /Welcomed .by Judge Cotton. .
Judge .Cotton delivered the address ot
welcome. He said In part:
¦ Mr. "President: The ' Mexican "War Veteran*,
the California Pioneers and the JCatlTe Sons
and Native Daughter! of the Golden "West hava
conferred upon , me . the very, sreat honor of
welcoming you here this afternoon. We have,
gathered , together " In this 7 hall, a . notable :'as
semblase. "We have with us a portion of tho»«
•_J — - • ¦ • ' • ¦ ' ' — ' - • - ' '
Continued on' Fourth' Page.
Splendid Reception to President Mo
Kinley in the Hall of the
Native Sons.
Unum." Pendent from" -wires stretched ?
* from the clustered flags of the central
chandelier were corps badges woven Into
flags and fabrics. Along the v sides of the
hall were shields, flags and palms. ,
Hall Densely Packed. - ¦ .;
The hall was so densely packed In gal-,"
lery - and on - the main : floor by • 8 • o'clock ¦
that the veterans were inquiring one of
' another why a more commodious, building j
" had not been secured. Orders had 'been •
given out ' by , the managers ! of
the -receptlon> that admission could
only be obtained by . the. counter
sign, but It happened that .•' many "
persons other than comrades' either ob
tained the countersign or gave something.
just as, potent, because they got In and.
.Mere allowed to remain. '¦ ¦'¦- . -;
¦Among; the •early. comers .were Colonel;
Rawles. commandant of. the .post at the'
Presidio, and his staff. When Major Gen-;
eral Shatter, U. S. "A.,* entered the hall a ¦
shout of welcome was given. As the pro-;
visional post _ members were waiting for;
others of distinction- to. come Comrade
Smedberg proposed the , singing" r of \
"Marching; Through Georgia,'; and the'
first verse was sung with considerable ah-j
ImaUon. .Smedberg then "challenged any;
..--.- :¦.'-¦¦.'¦ ¦'¦¦¦•.....
Civil War Veterans of the Grand Army.
Tender a Reception to Their
Former Comrade.
PRESIDENT McKINLET was
joyfully greeted last night at
Pioneer Hall by his comrades
of the Grand Army, of the Re
public and his companions of
the Loyal Legion. Before 8
o'clock the veterans from . Thomas/ Lin
coln. Garfleld. Meade, Cass and Liberty
poets were seated- on the" main' floor of
the halL . ¦ ' . _
Comrades of I George H. \ Thomas Post
formed at their accustomed place of meet-
Ing on Post street between Powelf. and
Stockton and marched In double ranks to
Pioneer Hall on Fourth street- The colors
were borne at the head of the column as
the veterans, under the leadership . of'
Vice Commander Sturpes and j Adjutant
Roberts, marched to, the scene of the re-.
ceptlon. i
Many Grand Army posts other, than
those of San Francisco were represented !
In the assemblage. George B. - McClellan
Post of Slskiyou was represented -by
Major A. G. Myers.
In honor of the event Pioneer Hall, was '
appropriately dressed. Three large j flags |
and two banners adorned the stage. One;
banner bore . the figures ' of -a Continental I
fife end drum corps. The other displayed j
the motto. "Our Country— E Pluribus.'
•¦-»•¦ - : - -
WHERE THE PIONEERS AND yETERANSV^
VOLUM E LXXXIX-N O. 1 75.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, M^Y^si; 1901.'
SAN FRANCISCO became in reality the seat of government of the United States of Am the members of
his Cabinet held a regular session and transacted business the sambas in Washington; v, -
Informal sessions of the Cabinet have been held heretofore since the ; President's arrival,ibut no real state business has been transacted.
There is aii emergency wire straight to Washington from the temporary residence of thev President, and this was kept busy with messages
yesterday afternoon and last evening, it has not been authoritatively announced what business occupied the time of the Cabinet,, but there is'no
doubt that important events in China made the meeting necessary.
Mr. McKinley denied himself to callers. Among those who came to see him was ex-Chief Justice John Curry. ¦: ..¦
The Presidential party may not depart on Saturday. It is possible that Monday will be the day of leaving. One of the ladies of the party said : "I
think the departure may be delayed, one reason being the objection to traveling on Suhday. The start may not be made until Monday." •
CABINET HOLDS A FORMAL SESSION TO DISCUSS IMPORTANT CHINESE AFFAIRS
The San Francisco Callon PagejEonr.
LAUNCHING OF/THE , : OHIO .in • the
Wasp's Presidential souvenir? Sixty pages
of deception pictures.. On sale at all news
stands. ¦ 25 , cents. . . ': ¦ • • :•,•/. -¦. . • - ... * ."
r.tKk en l . he 5 uesta were seated George D.
Clarke; signaled for attention. He spoke
Sow Tn TT. O / ds 'iif« ay ! n £ the President was
now in his political home. •
. General Barnes Introduced. ' .
v J <H i h as' been a member of the club ten
years, and I know of no one better able
Ge^r^Barn^.'-^ f Ur 5^^ me > mber '
¦r When_ the prolonged appiause which
hailed President McKinley's introduction
b^n^^'a^re^ 16^ 1 H - -H Ba ™*
i Thej felicity ¦ of General .* Barnes* « speech
of. Introduction t was only surpassed by
the lnstre of its polisheu eloquence. 1 The
orator was exceedingly > felicitous in the
selection of words. to express- the league's
sense of affection and v - respect . for - the
" 'A~few T rnihutes'after "2:30* p."' in. v - vigorous
hand-clapping at the main entrance indi
cated the * arrival t of >' the President... The
illustrious guest .was -received by^Qeorge
.D.j Clarke." A., G. ¦¦ Booth, Joseph S. Spear
Jr. and Joseph Slmonson and accompanied
• to i the ; platform on ; the New ; Montgomery
, street side of < the : reception room by Gen
eraKW.^H.K! Barnes and Irving M. Scott.
A' few v minutes v later : ; E.".- H. '?-, Hitchcock,
.Secretary, of .the Interior, 1 was escorted to
.the j platform by "A. G.' Booth:-. -
:¦ ; '.\' ; / : . ; .:\ -: : :¦¦..' ¦ /X^
President McKinley Arrives.
the club'a few minutes before the Presi
dent-arrived.' 'He was ; announced by
George D. Clarke, president of. the league,
and .was: greeted -by. a- round of applause.
Secretary Hay bowed ¦ In recognition" of
the .compliment. • - .. , -
•,.-¦¦ . ..
Illustrious guest. General Barnes re
viewed the character and attribute* of
the American, as a soldier- and clvtltelng
agent. The measure of prosperity at home
and prestige abroad n achieved under the
administration of President McKinleJ was
described in sentences that challenged
applause. Special reference was made ta
the , re-establishment - of national unity
and glowing pictures were drawn of the
¦«3.8S&ft,aS';££g
and Boutfiward. acroasthe mountains, and
-:¦¦.- .-.*. * ¦••>:: ,.-,*. .'.:¦..: ....
THE reception in honor of .'Presi
dent McKinley 'J at ' r the '( Union
League - Club ¦• yesterday .-.af ter-;.'
noon"; was! a • superb . demonstra
tion \ of .' patriotic ¦ sympathy ; and
cordial 'greeting. Flags clustered
at ' the grand.' chandelier,'.' palms
and 'baskets * bearing'- crimson- •"¦ rambler
rosea and \ marigolds ' comprised the dec-'
oration. ";;'An ''orchestra discoursed ' music
as the' guests 'assembled. ", -
•;¦ Before^ihe' hour appointed ; for" the Presi
.dent '¦ to . arrive 'the | main -reception -room
was thronged with? representative/citizens
of California/merchants,' farmers,;;law
yers, . business men, Federal, - State ? and
municipal' officers. .- ,. ; ¦¦'..• • ¦ : - '
v Secretary "- of ¦ State 'John Hay.- entered
¦ '.,' '¦¦*,»;...' * •' _ i . i
McKinley Is Given a Splendid Greeting by His Fellow Members of the Union
League Club and responds Briefly to the Eloquent address of
Welcome by General W. H. L. Barnes
Hazel Kochmari, .Flora Gollaber.'sadie' Frit*
man, Annie Mllsner, Annie Kushner LoniZ
Constlne, Julian Cohen,, Ida Manlock . Alma
Neumann.- Julia- Stein. Gertie Rotholtz, , MatHda
Birnbaum. Ruby. Frideberg. Celia Lechmln
Pearl Simon. Ida Senary, S El s le Bl-atf l5t&'
Erllch, Mabel Franklin ; and Jennie Cohen. .
A class of twenty-one children was con
firmed at the Geary-street Synagogue last
night by. the Rev. r M. S. Levy. The cere."
mony was a pretty one and was rendered
exceptionally so. by .the brightness dis
played by the members of the class
The music for the ceremony was special
and 'was. under the direction of*Dr
F £ a ? k * U 5 Palmer - Cantor J. Rabinowitz
officiated.. v ¦ -
Those who were admitted to the He
brew faith are the following named: ! -
RABBI LEVY CONPIRMS . *
j '; CLASS OF TWEUTY.QNE
Pastor of Congregation Beta-Isra-1
Receives Bright Children Into
" :: •¦ Jewish Faith.". •
THE OHIOANS . CROWDBI^ AROUND TO GRASP THE PRESIDENT'S HAND.
Send no money.but write Dr. Shoop, Racine Wls *
boxl37,for six bottles of Dr.Shoop's Restorative 1
express paid. If cured.pay J5.5O-if not.lt Is free»
If You Have Dyspepsia
VALLEJO, May 23.— Members of the
Presidential party still in San Francisco
will visit Mare Island. Navy Yard to-mor-
r ° w - A navy yard tug will bring the party
to Mare Island and will return with them
in the afternoon. The commandant's
ad Lieutenant Fechteler. wm have thl
distinction of escorting the party. /
Will Visit Mare Island.
fired and the fighting tops manned as, the
President masses on his way to Oakland.
Mr. McKinlfiy will leave the transport
wnarf at 1 o. m. on the- : revenue cutter.
Golden Gate and will return to the city
at 4 p. m. . :• -..;. . • ¦ \- ?*?;«*:
MBS. RUPERT BLUE, THE QUEST
Ladies of Presidential Party Spend
Pleasant Hour at Bryan Tea.
Mrs. Rupert Blue -was the guest -'of
honor at a delightful tea given yesterday
afternoon by Mrs. Linda Bryan at her
Buchanan-street home, and. Mrs. Cortel
ypu, Mrs. Rixey and Miss Mary Barker of
the Presidential party were among th©
fifty guests who paid their respects to the
charming hostess and the lady she de
lighted to honor.
nii W £ s a "°ffether an informal affair,
ft £v* llke aXl slI ch -affairs, was a most de
lightful success. Mrs. Bryan received her
guests, assisted by Mrs. W. D. O'Kane,
Mrs : J a , mes Stewart, Miss Belle Sturdl
yent, Miss Gertrude button, Mrs. George
Bates Miss May Reis. Miss Lllla Rels!
££"' J r2 se P. n Austin, Miss Cora Myersteln
Mrs - T ;/r T. Down, Mrs. James \V. Ed
wards, Mrs. Mazie Cunningham, Miss Mae
Ponl U? r?;,T^ 1S 5r« Irn W arde McFarland, I Miss
£?!&. £ nr V ?*L SS ™ wena Burns and Mrs.
w r e r1 n fro1S d 4 0l t^6. The hOUra O( the tea
tf B HE men and women who were
5 born within the confines of the
E State which proudly claims Wfl-
F Ham McKinley as a native son
k gave a reception to the Presi-
JL dent in the. Palace Hotel at 3
o'clock. The Ohio Society had
charge and 600 of its members and their
friends saw the chief executive face to
face and some hundreds of the more for
tunate ones had the privilege of shaking
his hand. .- ' •;- -:._- --- ¦
The reception was held in the main din
ing room. Those who held admission
cards were permitted to,enter, and dur
ing the Union League Club reception to
the President the members of the Ohio
Society collected in groups. in the dining
room and the conservatory, waiting for
the President'* arrival.
Promptly at 3 o'clock McKinley en
tered, escorted by James M. Gleaves,
president; \V. H. Jordan, first vice presi
dent,* and J. W. Richards, second vice
president, respectively, of the Ohio So
ciety. Secretary Hay. Secretary Hitch
cock, Secretary Wilson, Postmaster eGn
eral Smith and Private Secretary Cortel
you accompanied them. : ' <
A small platform had been erected at
the west end of the dining room and
Creneral Gleaves conducted the President
to it and introduced him.
Gleaves Presents the President.
"Members of the Ohio Society," said
General Gleaves, "it gives me great pleas
ure to introduce the President of the
United States." ¦
When the applause, in which the beat
ing together of gloved hands was con
spicuous, had subsided, McKinley spoke
a.! follows:
Mr. President, Ladies and Gentlemen of the
Ohio Society: It gives me very great pleasure
to meet with the former citizens of Ohio, now
residents of the State of California. The next
best thing to being a citizen of Ohio le to be
a citizen of some other State (laughter) and I
am sure those of you who have selected this
(.•olden State as a place of residence can have
no cauw for regret. We are In the habit
of saying in our State that "Once a Buckeye,
always a Buckeye," and that no matter where
we eo or where we reside, we still have in
our heart* that warm love and devotion for
the old State and Its cherished memories.
I meet Ohio people wherever I go and the
fiurprise to me in how we have gotten on so
well when so many of you have left us.
(Laughter and applause.) And tUen I have
that other reflection, how would the other
fetatea have gotten on it we hadn't loaned you
to them (laughter), for In every State the Ohio
man has taken an honorable place, whether
in business or politics, and has carried the
htm tr ?? itl ? n ? of the old commonwealth' with
A Glorious Old State.
It Is a glorious old State. Glorious names ar*>
conr.scted with It. Chase. Giddings. and bluff
old Ben Wade, and Garfleld, and Hayes and
Thurroan. and Pendleton, and Eherman-llead-
Jng etatesmen of their time and generation
and then we never forget that Grant was born
in Ohio (applause), he who girdled the globe
with his fame as he marched in the pathway
¦ of the eun. Nor that Sherman, he who made
that magnificent march from Atlanta, to the
sea, wan born in Ohio. (Applause.) And that
that gallant little Irishman, Phil Sheridan
(applause), who didn't permit Jubal Early to
rest in the summer of 1SC4 in the Shenandoah
Valley and finally won that magnificent vic
tory — that be. too., waa born in Ohio. And no
a Ions list besides that have given to us and
All along the street the chtef executive
was warmly greeted by the crowds of
patriotic Chinese. It | was the intention
of the Chinese Six Companies to give a
banquet to the President, but it was aban
doned at the last moment owing to the
sickness of Mrs. McKinley. .-?,;
¦S'-'-i ':¦ ¦¦ . • ¦ ' .'¦ -
VISITED THE BATTLESHIPS.
Cabinet Secretaries Who Took an In
terest in the Navy. .'
Secretary of the Interior Hitchcock and
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson paid a
visit to the battleships Iowa and Wiscon
sin yesterday. \ j The torpedo ¦ boat ' Farra
gut was in attendance and, after the. visit
to Rear Admiral Casey was over she tooK
the . Secretaries , aboard the .Wisconsin
Both vessels saluted with seventeen 'guns
as the Cabinet Ministers left the vessels
The Iowa, Wisconsin and Farragut will
be decorated' to-day, and a salute will be
President McKinley was given a warm
reception by the Chinese residents of this
city yesterday afternoon. After leaving
the Presidio he was driven to Chinatown.
In anticipation of his coming the Chinese
residents, dressed in their best, stood along
Dupont street ready to doff their hats -as
soon as the executive appeared.
As the carriage containing thePresip.
dent. Irving M. Scott and Chief of Police
Sullivan swung into Dupont street- from
Pacific the Chinese, with their heads un
covered, gave three long cheers. '
The President was greatly pleased with
the reception and replied with a wave of
his hand. The carriage was slowly driven
along Dupont street to California : and
thence to the Palace Hotel.
the Asiatic. Quarter.
The President Pays a Brief Visit to
McKinley Shakes Hands.
At the close of his speech the President
was escorted by General Gleaves and
Colonel Jordan to a position in front of
the platform, and with his police guard
forming a passageway to prevent crowd
ing:, the Ohioans were permitted to pass
ana shake the hand of the" President,
General Gleaves introducing each of
them. After some minutes of this the
time allotted to the reception expired and
the handshaking- was stopped. The police
body guard closed about- the -President
and he was escorted- along hurriedly
through corridors .to the court, where his
carriage and mounted police guard were
waiting:. The court and New Montgom
ery street entrance were lined 'with peo
ple and a great crowd had collected in
New Montgomery street and out along
Market, and the President was greeted
with ringing- cheers as he was driven
away toward Union Square and Native
Sons' Hall. . • ' '¦::
. . * i ' •
CHINESE HONOR M^KXNXEY.
riven to the nation splendid examples of true
American patriotism and statesmanship.
I am Klad to be with you here to-day. I
should have been glad If It had been possible
to participate In the hospitality which you had
bo generousXjt-prepared for me. This Is a poor
substitute, but I want to 'thank you all for
having eiven me this privilege before I leave
your coast of looking Into the faces of the men
ana women who came from our beloved State;
and I wish you all well. (Enthusiastic ap
plause.) , ...
Enthusiastic Gathering of Native Sons and Daughters of
the Buckeye State in Maple Room of Palace Hotel
to Exchange Greetings With the President
PRESIDENT McKINLEY SPENDS A FEW MINUTES WITH THE OHIO
SOCIETY AND THE UNION LEAGUE CLUB, BOTH OF WHICH ASSOCIATIONS
GIVE A CORDIAL WELCOME TO THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OF THE NATION
THE SAN FKAJNUIBCd UALLr ilUUAY, MAY 24^ 1901. ¦
2- . - - ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ ' . , ¦ _ ¦¦ ;-..."-. .-"-- ;-•
MCKINLEY AMONG THE VOLUNTEERS.
m m *HE President will be busily en
- y 1 1 ' ea^d to-day. - This morning he
I will take breakfast with. Mr.
g and Mrs. George Morse at their
I home on Fell street. After.the
i K breakfast the President will re
turn to his own abode and
transact official business and receive a
few friends.
• After lunch the President will. proceed
to the Palace Hotel, where he- will attend
a reception given by tho Sons of the Rev
olution. From the Palace Hotel tho Pres
ident will drive' direct to the transport
dock at FolHom street, whero ho will
board the revenue cutter Golden Gate and
go tl Oakland to review tho school ; chil
dren!^ returning to this city about 5 p. m.
No plans have been made, for this even
ing.
There will be no disappointment for the
school children of Oakland, Alameda and
Berkeley this time. The President is Just
as anxious to see them as they are, to see
him. and he. assured the members of tho
committee from across the bay. who called
upon him yesterday that he would surely
bo on hand to greet tho little folks.
Ednon Adams, chairman of tho Oakland
reception committee, and Naval Officer
John -P.- Irish made a special trip, over
from Oakland yesterday morning , to see
the .President 'and get his assurance that
ho would como to Oakland unless some
accident, occurred. The 'assurance was
given. \'/,
Approves th© Programme.
President, McKinley, also/ approved' the
programme for the : day : which . Chairman
Adams submitted to him. It is not .very
long and the i whole affair will be over
in three hours or so from the time the
President leaves this city at 2:15 o'clock
in the afternoon.' • ....
The President and his .party- will cross
the bay on the revenue cutter Golden
Gate. The landing at the foot of Broad
way will be the steamer's destination and
there the .city's" guests will be welcomed
by Mayor Barstow. On board the steamer
will . be, besides ' the " President / and - his
Cabinet, Senator George C. Perkins, Con
gressman Victor H. Metcalf, Collector of
the' Port, Frederick C. : Stratton and the
members of the reception committee, con
sisting of Kdson F. Adams, John A. Brit
ton, "John P. Irish, P. 'K. Bowles, H. C.
Taft and Samuel 1 Bell McKee; Theparty
will take the. waiting carriages, the Pres
ident, > Mayor . Barstow ' and Chairman
Adams to bo In. tho first one. '". ¦-•¦
The procession « of carriages will start
about 2:45, o'clock from the landing place
and proceed along: the following - line • of
march :*t&ra > »*«v ; . ¦¦¦-¦:• . . •/ ; < <,
•Up Broadway to Fourteenth street,
along Fourteenth to Harrison, down.Har
rison i to Thirteenth, along Thirteenth to
Jackson, up Jackson to Lake, along Lake
to Oak, down Oak to Thirteenth and, then
countermarch alongr the route to - the
wharf, ' whero tho • party ¦ will re-cmbark
for this city. ¦%¦¦ >
'School , Superintendent , J. TV. McCly
monds < of Oakland * has . given directions
for- the. placing* of the ( children int the
most 'advantageous places to see the
President as he passes along ' the streets.
The schools will be . closed at 12. o'clock.'
and the children have, been asked to bring
flags with. them. The school children will
be ¦ located ; as '- folio ws :¦',-..
• Stations of the Schools. . .
Berkeley— Oak - street, north of Thirteenth.
President McKinley Will Visit Oakland
to Review School Children
This Afternoo.
WINNERS OF SHOOTING
CONTESTS ABE EEWABDED
Members of San Francisco Schuetzen
Verein Present Crack Shots
With Prizes.
Tho member* • of the San Francisco
Schuetzen Verein who won prizes by rea
son of their superior marksmanship at th«»
May festival, held last Sunday and Mon
day at Sehuetzen Park, were , presented
with their winnings lust night at Califor
nia Hall.
Nlnety-throp cash prizes were distribu
ted. Each winner received hearty npplaus»
as ho walked to the t-nd of the hall and
received his money. '
Ed Doell wa« crowned king, and made a
neat little 8p*>t-ch after he had received
the Insignia of office.
After- the prizes had been distributed the
floor was cleared for dancing. In which
fully one hundred couples participated.
The May festival was under ' the direc
tion of the, following committee:
George- Alp«*rs (chairman). K. * Wertheinvr
fHecretary), H. Koster (trensurer), J. Thod*.
R. Stettin. S. Helno, J. ttoutler. L. H. Bar
ner, A. W. Tape. H. Htelllnc. < IV. Coet«..J.
I^ankenau, W. C. Morlcen. O. ¦ I* .. L*mk«'. E.
Ipsen. F. II. -Cranz. A. F. Meyer. B. Sfhn.
H. Hellbenr, V. Salfleld. E. Goetae.^L. C. Hof
mann. N'. Ahrens, A. Eggert, E. Algeltinger.
Federal Office Holders Are Received
by the President at the Scott
Residence.
f ¦ HE President yesterday morning"
I received a number of Federal
I officeholders stationed in this
I city. The officials assembled
I down town and proceeded in* a
•¦¦ body to the President's ' tempor
ary residence. On arriving at
the house the party was warmly greeted
by the. President and general conversation
was indulged In for twenty minutes. - The
President requested that a' position be
found for an old man named Ritter, who
served in his regiment in the Civil War.
Ritter lost a leg in the war. He now re
sides In San Leandro, and the President
informed his guests that this was the first
appointment he had asked. The officials
promised to provide a place for the old
comrade of the President. • ;
Surveyor of the Port Spear presented
those who called on the chief executive.
In the party were Collector of Port Fred
erick S. Stratton, Surveyor of Port Joseph
S. Spear Jr.: Colonel John P. Irish, naval
officer; J. M. Gleaves, Surveyor General;
John T. Dare, Appraiser: Jacob Shaen
and James B. Stevens, assistant apprais
ers; Marshall B. • Woodworth. United
States District Attorney; John R. Dunn,
inspector in charge ot the Chinese Bu-
reau; F. A. Leach. Superintendent of tho
Mint; Daniel T. Cole, Assayer ot the
Mint: Hart H. North, Immigration Com
missioner; John C. Lynch. Revenue Col
lector;'Jesse B. Fulton. Pension Agent:
Cl>arle3 Bassett, Shipping- Commissioner;
Julius Jacobs, sub-Treasurer; . John H
Shine. United States Marshal: S. S. Mor
ton, Receiver of the Land Office, and ex-
Judge Hunt. Registrar of the Land Office.
In the afternoon the President received
the representatives of the press who have
daily reported - the progress . of
Mrs. McKinley's illness. The Presi
dent greeted each member of the
press in a most Kindly manner, and said
that he desired to express for himself and
Mrs. McKInley thanks for the considera
tion and sympathy shown by the news
paper men.
Mrs. Mary Brough Cunningham of this
city, daughter of Governor Brough, war
Governor of Ohio, in company with At
torney Louis P. Boardman, called at the
Scott residence yesterday afternoon and
was received by the President.
President McKinley expressed himself
as highly gratified to meet the daughter
of . Governor Brough, whom he admired
as a great man, and who signed his com
mission as captain .when he took charga
of a company ¦ during the civil war.* '
Alamedo— Oak street, north of Thirteenth. -
Oakland High School— Thirteenth, between
Alice and Jackson. -,
Bay School— Jackson street, below Thir
teenth. .
Peralta School— Jackson' street, near Thir
teenth. .
¦ Temsscal School— Jackson street, opposite
Fourteenth. ***»¦
Piedmont 8chool— Jackson stre«t, opposite
Fifteenth.
Harrison School— Jackson street, between Fif
teenth and Sixteenth.
Grove-street School— Jackson , street, south of
Sixteenth. <'i ¦
Grant School— Jackson, near Lake «treet.
Tompklns School— Jackson. . south of . Lake
street. . ¦ • • • •
Durant School— Lake, between -Jackson and
Oak. " .'¦¦•¦¦v
Clawson School— Oak, south of Lake street.
Central School— Jackson, ; south of Thirteenth
Cole School— Jackson, near Thirteenth street.
Prescott School— Juckson, opposite Fifteenth
street. : • /
Lincoln School— Jackson, opposite Sixteenth
Lafayette School— Corner Lake and Jackson
Garfleld School— Lake, east ot Jackson street.
Franklin School— Corner 'Lake and Oak
Swett School— O*ak, near Lake street.
'President McKInley may address a few
words to the children as he passes along
the 'streets, but he is not scheduled to
give any set address. '/¦
•The public will have ample opportunity
tosee the President without crowding. In
upon the space selected 'for \ the school
children,- as he will pass along Broadway
twice.; -. /
PRESIDENTIAL. . RECEPTIONS ANT>
PARADES. All In the Wasp's sixty-page
Presidential . souvenir. • On aale «very
wherc. 23 cents.' ' f • V
MRS. McKINLEY'S PICTURE . In the
Wasp's sixty-page Presidential . souvenir.
For sale at all news stands. 25 cents." *
Work of Clever Artists Exhibited.
Tho opening of the spring exhibition of
Best's* 'Art School, at 927 Market street,
yesterday afforded an opportunity to a
lurpti number of people to view many
cleverly executed paintings and drawings.
Two views of Mount Tamahpats by 'A. W.
Beut attracted . considerable attention.
Views of San Francisco Bay and China
town, also' by Best, were favorably criti
cized. ••
GRAPE LEAP BEETLE
IN SONOMA COXTNTY
Pest Makes Its Appearance There
and Alarms the Owners
of Vineyards.
The grape leaf beetle, an Insect pest
that has wrought havoc in vineyards
throughout this State, has made its first
appearance in Sonoma County. For a
number of years past it has claimed the
attention of vineyardlsts in other portions
of the State, and it seems to change the
location of its operations. After settling
in a section it breeds rapidly and before
the end of the season destroys much of
the budding fruit and leaves.
A report on the pest made by Alexander
Craw, Quarantine Officer and Entomolo
gist of the California State Board of Hor
ticulture, is as follows:
I received specimens of this destructive beetle
in May last from Horticultural Commissioner
William II. Robinson of Stockton; also grape
leaves allowing the result of their work, an il
lustration of which Is herewith appended. I
afterward received specimens from other
grapu-erowlns districts, which prove It to be
widely distributed.
They are nearly one-quarter of an • Inch In
length; some specimens are clack, others red
dish brown. The base of the antennae and the
tibiae are reddish. «. They attack the leaf, cut
tlnff Ions, narrow silts, and where very num
eroun will kill young vines, unless they are
chocked In their depredation)). As noon as they
make their appearance In the spring the vlnen,
if not in bearing, should be thoroughly
sprayed with l'arls green, one pound to two
hundred gallons Of water. Moisten the Paris'
green with a little water, and when placed In
the tank keep It convtantly stirred while
spraying. Use . the old-style Cyclone . nozzle.
They drop as soon hs they are disturbed, und
In this way they ran lie captured upon bear
ing vines by spreading a shoot under them and
shaking them off, when they ran be destroyed
by burning In a portable -flre. This work
should be done In the morning, when they are
sluggish.
Kind Words for the
Men in Hospital
Wards.
reception will be tendered him at the de
pot. . . •¦ . t ¦ y
Surrounding towns will be notified of
the fact of the President's coming and
a great crowd is expected here that day.
fought. And so you come back as your fath
ers came back more than thirty years ago,
having done your duty; and it is a proud thing
to . do duty for a country. You come back
having- done your duty as soldiers to now do
your full duty as citizens; and I want to ex
press my heartfelt thanks to all of you for the
eervices you have rendered and I want to wish
for 211 of you and to all belonglns to you
everything good in this life.
At the close of the President's remarks
three cheers were given by the soldiers.
Visits the Hospital.
At the close of the President's speech
three cheers were given by the soldiers as
the commander in chief was escorted from
the parade ground to tne general hospital.
General. Shafter introduced Colonel A. C.
Girard, assistant surgeon general ' in
charge of the hospital, who conducted the
President through the various wards. The
nurses and doctors were complimented by
the President on the neat appearance of
the buildings, -and he had many kind
words for the Invalid soldiers who saluted
him. There were many occupants of the
wards who were unable to respond to the
order "attention." and the President's
lips were noticed to quiver and his eyes
were moist as he saw tne helpless condi
tion of the poor brave fellows.
In ward J the President was attracted
by the youthful appearance of Private
Clarence Leggett of the Forty-sixth Reg
iment. Leggett is but a lad of 20 years and
fever has wasted his form to a shodow.
"How old is he?" asked the President of
the white-gowned nurse, and on learning
Leg-gett's age the chief executive said:
"He is very young for a soldier," and
smiled kindly on the fever stricken lad.
The President visited the kitchens, din
ing-rooms and ofilces of the hospital, and
on leaving the building complimented
Colonel Girard on the perfect condition of
the institution.
Greets the Bed Cross.
After President McKInley had concluded
his visit to the soldiers who are 111 In the
general hospital at the Presidio the ladles
of the Red Cross Society were presented
to him. The ceremony took place on the
porch in front of the hospital. Mra. W. B.
Harrington of the State Red Cross So
ciety was introduced by General Shatter,
and she in turn presented Mrs. J. F. Mer
rill of the local society. Mrs. Merrill then
proceeded to introduce Mrs. Anna Beaver,
Mrs. J. G. Clark. Mrs. A. C. GIrard, Miss
Grace Sterrett. Mrs. M. S. McGurn, Mrs.
S. A. O'Neill. Mrs. J. Madden. Mrs. Beck
and daughter of Oakland, Mrs. • George
Buckingham and son and J. W. Elder.
When all the ladles had been presented
the President" turned to Mrs. W. B. Har
rington and taking her hand said:
"1 wish to thank you, Mra. Harrington,
personally Rnd also in behalf of the Gov
ernment of tho United States, for the
work you have done for our noldlers." He
expressed himself as being well pleased to
have nifit the Indies of the Red Cross.
Mrs. Merrill presented the President
with a bunch of carnations and Mrs. Mad
den pinned a Jlca Cro*:> badpjo on the
I'rwldent's coat, <?nch gift being suitably
acknowledged with a few words of
thunku.
The President entered his carriage amid
grru.1 fheerliis and left tho Presidio, ac
comuanl«d by IiIh escort, \vhll« tho guns
of the artillery onco ugaln saluted.
McXinley Will Pass Through That
STOCKTON TO BE HONORED.
City on His Way East.
STOCKTON. May 23.— Secretary Brown
of the Stockton Chamber of Commerce
received a telegram this afternoon from
M. H. de Young stating thnt President
McICinley had decided to go East by way
of Stockton next Saturday. His train
will leave Oakland mole at 10:45 a. m. and
probably will reach Stockton at 1:45 p. m.
The President will make a few remarks
from the rear of the train and a public
Red Cross Ladies
Thanked by the
President
inspiring Words for
Soldiers Back
From War.
PRESIDENT McKINLET*S visit
to the Presidio yesterday will
live long In the memory of the
gallant soldiers who were greet
ed by the commander in chief of
the army. The men of the For-
ty-fifth and Forty-sixth Volun
teer regiments, 3000 strong, recently re
turned from the Philippines, listened to
stirring words from the head of the na
tion, while the wan and wasted faces of
the sick soldiers in the General Hospital
brightened as the President passed
through the wards and gave a kindly
word to the men who lost their health in
far away jungles while fighting for the
stars and stripes.
Thousands of citizens flocked to the Pre
sidio yesterday morning to witness the
ceremonies of the day. The big parade
ground, facing the General Hospital, was
the spot where the volunteer soldiers
gathered to listen to the words of greet
ing from the President. The space was
kept clear by the Eighteenth Infantry
end d» difficulty .was experienced in hand
ling the crowds of sightseers.
Shortly after 10 a. m. the twenty-four
companies of the Forty-fifth and Forty
sixth Volunteer regiments marched from
their camss to the parade ground. At
about the same time troops H and I of
the Fifteenth Cavalry galloped from the
Presidio by the L<ombard-street gate and
drew up a few blocks away from the res
ervation, prepared to receive the Presi
dent and escort him to the parade ground.
The escort was commanded by Major
Craig, Captain Andrews and Lieutenant
Boyd.
A batterv of the Fifth Artillery took
up a position on the hill near the Lom
bard-Street gate, ready to thunder a sa
lute when the President should arrive and
another on his departure from the Pre
eidio. Captains Califf , James and Lieu
tenant England were in command of the
saluting batten'.
Colonel J. B. Rawles, commandant of
the reservation, was in charge of the ar-
rangements of the day and with his staff
saw that every detail of the reception was
attended to.
Major General Shafter. accompanied by
his aids. Captains Wilson and Plummer,
arrived at the Presidio shortly before 11
a. m. and was received with military hon
ors.
The President Arrives.
For half an hour the two regiments of
volunteers stood at rest, awaiting the ar
rival of the President. Suddenly the
thunder of the suns told of the approach
of the commander in chief and a tumult
of applause greeted him as his carriage
and escort swept past the thousands of
sightseers. The band of the Third Artil
lery struck up "Hail to the Chief" as the
President's carriage drew up at the re
viewing platform.
The President was escorted to the plat
form by General Shatter, Irvlngf M. Scott.
Colonel Rawles, M. H. de Young and Sec
retary Cortelyou. As he walked along the
President rlanced with pride at the 2000
stalwart men who stood rigidly at atten
tion. The soldiers wore blue coats and
trousers, brown leggins and brown slouch
hats and carried no arms.
General Shatter advanced to the front
of the platform and, with cap In hand,
said:
"Officers and men of the Forty-fifth and
Forty-sixth regiments, I have the honor
of Introducing to you the commander In
chief of the army."
As the President advanced to the front
of the platform the buglers sounded the
salute and the cheers of the soldiers rent
the air In mighty volume. The President
raised bis hand in salute, and when the
cheering subsided addressed the men in
terms of glowing praise. He eaid:
Warm Words of Praise.
I count myself very fortunate to have b»en
Jn the city of Ban Francisco upon the arrival
of Uinte two regiments that I ralrht Join with
niv fellow citizen* of UjIb city In jrivlnj you
a welcome home, and at the isame time express
not only my own thanks an President of the
l*nlt»d State* but the eratitude of the Amerl
•j»n lit-ODle for the splendid rervlcea you have
rendered to your country in the past «wo
>ear«: Our hearts have been with you; our
hope* hav« been with you; and we have real
ized In larce measure peace as the rrgult of
the et,I»r<<llil work you performed in the Pbll-
U ;>'>'« Ifland(>.
Vcu went carrying with you the purposes and
the nlilt &.nd the coniiclence of the people of
th« United f;tatee; you carried with you the
r,tLB which in the nymbol of lhe best and no
l>lr>t>t expirations of a • fre« people: and you
brine the* flag 1«ack with added honor and
deliver It to the Government which you nerved
uo well and no faithfully. You come buck now
to »jf i-ltlrena of the country and of tho Oov-
wiiuae honur you have prefierved. You
v.«re rUlznta Ix-fon* you were uoldlem. And
you b-can«e •oldlcr* Iwcauwt you were cltl
j!< nil loving your country, Mtaehed to our free
lf.ftltutions and b*rau*e of. which you were
wiilin* to tlve that which la the best that any
man can trive— hi* own life's blood for the
hon-ir of bl* country.
Duty Nobly Done.
Tou have done ycur duty. You hav<» don« It
rnbly and you come back to iro Into the walk*
of »-iilzen*h!n with your other frilow'dtl
zt.i< snd take the i.lac»« that you left
when you mllated two year* ago. » That
1* \i\p one Uilnr. about American charac
tor that U a surprise to the world. We have
mui!«ere<l treat armle«. The rreaU«t arrny
that ever wm mustered vaa from 'Cl-to*«5.
And yet wlifn th« war wan over, when Lee
sumndrred to Grant at Appomattox, the
nearly two millions of men came back to their
Iioni«-x. fell into tho quiet walk* of citizenship.
»u*t».Jnii:c tl»e Covoniner.l Icr which you
McKINLEY DELIVERS AN ELOQUENT ADDRESS TO THE VOLUNTEERS
NOW WAITING AT THE PRESIDIO TO BE MUSTERED OUT AFTER TWO
YEARS OF LIVELY AND HARD CAMPAIGNING IN THE PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
PRESIDENT'S PROGRAMME TO-DAY.
AT 8:30 a. m. the President will drive to the home of Mr. and
Mrs. George Morse, where b. e will take breakfast and meet a
few invited guests. .
After his return from the Morse residence the President will
be occupied with. State affairs and may, if the weather permits, take
Mrs. McKinley for a' short drive. -.
At 12:30 p. m. the President will attend a reception given by
the. Sons of the Revolution at the Palace Hotel.
At 2:15 p. m. the President .will leave the transport dock on
the revenue cutter Golden Gate for Oakland where ha will review thd
school children.
'At 5 p.m. the President will return to this city.
Members of President's party will visit Mare Island during
the day. ? A- .'¦'
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 24, 1901.
3the richest, one of the most enterprising and
one of the most generous people beneath the
gun. (Great applause.) . You have over
'whelmed me not only with these generous
material gifts, which I shall carry with me
as mementos of this most memorable occa
sion, but you and those who have spoken
for you have overwhelmed me with the
wealth of your welcome and the warmth of
your hearts (applause) till I am prepared
to believe everything your chairman says
(laughter and applause) not. only about the
MexlcHn veterans and the pioneers but of
the native daughters. God bless you all!
(Enthusiastic applause.)
At the close of the speech the President
was escorted up the main aisle to the en
trance and to his carriage and was driven
back to the executive mansion. >
The souvenir presented by the organiza
tions represented in the receptions is a
paper weight in the form of a bear of solid
gold on a base of California onyx, with an
inscribed gold plate.
UNION LEAGUE GREETS PRESIDENT,
Continued from Page" Two.
Continued From First Page.
' ¦ a few moments yesterday
| afternoon the President ap-
B peared in Union square to at-
U tend the ceremonies of breaking
e ground for the monument to be
-*L erected in honor of the navy and
the men it hasjrtven to fame.
The monument is that which has been
provided by a committee of citizens who
had in view the commemoration of the
battle of Manila Bay. The necessary
money was raised in this city, and of the
designs submitted that of Robert Aitkin,
a tall shaft with appropriate emblems,
was accepted.
The President came down town to at
tend a reception in Native Sons* Hall, but
before entering he was driven to Union
square, where everything was in readi
ness. Within a few minutes he had been
addressed by the Mayor and had replied,
a bronze spade had been handed to him
and he had turned over the sod that had
been cut from the grass. Then Reuben
H. Lloyd ran the flag to the top of the
staff, the President shook the hands of De
Rome, who had cast the spade, and of
Aitkin, who hiid designed the monument
to be erected, and in another minute,
amid the cheers of the crowd, he had en
tered his carnage and was whirled away.
The center plat In Union square had
been roped off in readiness for the cere
mony, and before the President arrived
it was surrouniied by a big crowd of peo
ple. The President left his carriage at
the curb on Post street and walked
Through the crowd to the green under the ;
flagstaff, and there he was met by Mayor
Phelan. who lest no time in addressing
him. The Mayor said:
Mr. President: On behalf of the committee
having the matter in charge. I have the honor
of inviting you to break the ground in this
Union square for the monument to be erected
to the American navy In commemoration at
Admiral Dewey's victory at Manila Bay.
Prior to the memorable May 1, 189S, the peo
ple living in this city, knowing the presence of
a Spanish fleet In the Pacific feared that our
California coast might be ravaged, and they
patriotically and gratefully regarded the
splendid victory of Admiral Dewey at Manila
Bay. and decided by public subscription to
erect this monument in honor of the event.
I will ask Mr. Reuben H. Lloyd, on behalf
of the Park Commissioners of San Francisco,
having Jurisdiction over this ground, to raise
the flag and receive the tender of the monu
ment, while you. Mr. President, will perform
the first act looking to its construction upon
this spot.
Mayor Phelaa also read the following
letter written io him by Admiral Dewey:
WASHINGTON, May 14. 1901.
Dear Sir: I have received from your office
an invitation to be present at the ground
breaking for the monument which It Is pro
posed to build at San Francisco to commemo
rate the victory of the American navy at the
battle of Manila Bay. It has given me the
greatest pleasure, as one of the 1900 persons in
the naval service who participated in that bat
tle, to learn of this recognition to be shown
them; and I earnestly hope that it may be
found practicable, as intimated In the invita
tion, to have the additional honor of the
President's assistance at the ceremonies in
connection with the breaking of ground for the
monument. Very truly yours.
GEORGE DEWET.
The President replied as follows:
It affords me great pleasure as well as honor
to break the ground in San Francisco that is
to commemorate the great victory of Manila
Bay in honor of Admiral Dewey, his brother
officers and the men behind the guns, whose
achievements made history and added new
fame to the American . aavy. 4
Mayor Phelan then' presented the little
bronze spade and the President turned
with it the sod of earth and grass that
had been loosened for him. At once
Mayor Phelan proposed three cheers for
the President; which were given with a
will, and the fag was raised. Louis de
Rome, who cast the spade and also did
the casting of the Donahue fountain,
which the President admired greatly, and
also Robert Aitkin, the designer of the
monument, were presented to the Presi
dent, and for each he had a pleasant
word. That ended the ceremonies.
In presenting the spade to the President
Mayor Phelan told how it had been cast
during the preceding two hours by Mr.
de Rome and from the metal of the
whistle of the Spanish warship Don Juan
de Austria, one of the vessels sunk in
Manila Bay during Dewey's famous fight.
It bears this Inscription:
This bronze spade was cast by Louis de
Rome from the steam whistle of .the Spanish
warship Don Juan de Austria and was used by
President William McKinley In breaking the
ground in Union square. San Francisco. May
26, 1901, for the monument to the American
navy In commemoration of Admiral Dewey's
victory at Manila Bay.
The gpade was given to the President.
GREETS THE PIONEERS AID I1TNES
eluded California, in passing through which,
Mr. President, you found its mountains stored
with treasures and its valleys lavish with
fruits, a delight and a marvel, unequaled else
where on the face of the globe. •
We have with us here a portion of the pio
neers of 1S49. In that year 75,000 or more ad
venturous youths came to the Golden West,
and among their first acts was the organization
of a State and the attempt to secure admission
to the Union. .....
And we have with us Native Sons and
Daughters— California's noblest products. The
accomplishments and graces of the daughters
and the character and ability" of the sons at
test the character of the pioneer mothers and
pioneer fathers. ,
This' assemblage of Veterans, Pioneers and
Native Sons and Daughters • la delighted that
you have honored us to-day with your pres
ence. We are proud to have with us the chief
executive of this republic, flne who possesses,
aside from his high office, the confidence and
esteem of the entire nation. On behalf of these
organizations I extend to you a cordial wel
come.
Speaks for Native Daughters.
Judge Cotton then introduced Mrs. Gen
evieve Baker, gTand vie© president of the
Native Daughters, who in a graceful
ppeech presented to the President the al
bum of twelve- paintings of California
scenery which is the offering of the Na
tive Daughters of the Golden West to the
President. .
Coombs Is Eloquent.
Grand Welcome to McKinley.
Congressman Frank L. Coombs was in
troduced to present a souvenir on behalf
of the Native Sons, the Pioneers and the
Mexican War Veterans. He spoke with
eloquence, which aroused much enthusi
asm. His speech was as follows:
The year 1S46 was fraught with great events.
In that year was begun the war in which the
valor of American soldiers won and dedi
cated to freedom that vast territory of which
California was a part. In that year also the
Stars and Stripes, emblems of liberty, waa
first raised above a California stronghold and
that movement begun which saved the empire
on the Pacific for a State of the American
Union.
It is In behalf of the Mexican war veterans,
the California -pioneers and their descendants,
the Native Sons of the Golden West, that I
have the honor to present to you, Mr. Presi
dent, a gift emblematic of the Golden State,
typifying its wealth of resources and the
traditions of Its history. '
It Is not alone, sir, that you are President
of the United States that we have prepared
this gift for you, but that we have discovered
In you an appreciation of the romantic tradi
tions and historic grandeur of those early days.
¦ Accept it, then, from veterans and pioneers
and native sons of a State most rich in tradi
tion and famed in story and song, and with
it our pledge of esteem and affection.
McKinley was received with thunder
ous applause as he stepped forward to
speak and frequent outbursts of cheers
punctuated his sentences. He said:
Mr. President. My Fellow-Citizens: I
have been absent from the capital of the
nation for now nearly four weeks, and dur
ing that period it seems to me that for the
greater part of the time I have been either
on historic ground or in the midst of sacred
and historic memories. (Applause.) I stood
within the walls of the old building: in the
city of New Orleans where that mijhty
transaction took place which transferred the
vast territory of Louisiana from the flag of
France to the flag of the United States.
(Great applause.) I stood on that sacred
ground in the State of Texas where men fell
for liberty and independence. And now to
day I am brouuht face to face with the
veterans of the Mexican War. with the
pioneers of California and with their sons
and daughters. (Great applause.) It is
a proud honor and privilege to me to pay
my respectful, aye. more, my affectionate
homage to the brave men. who snatched this
territory and dedicated It to freedom for
ever. (Great applause.) And It gives me a
natlsfaction which I cannot find words to
express to meet the builders of the State,
the pioneers of California, the adventurous
youth*, as your president has said, who
penetrated this distant, region In the mem
orable year of '49. (Great applause.) God
bless the veterans of the Mexican War and
the pioneers of California and their de
scendants forever more. (Continued great
applause. )
Liberty and Expansion.
The American people never extend their
territory that they do not extend liberty.
(Enthusiastic apiileause.) When you forty
nlnem came here you brought with you the
eplrit or '76. (Applause.) You brought with
you the traditions, the character, the agplra
tlona, the alms of the Government of the
United States and Its people. (Applause.)
You would have no other civilization but
American civilization, and you would have
no other flag than the glorious stars and
Ft ripen. (Oreat applause.) And you hardly
cot settled here in your quest for gold; you
hardly got your tents pitched; you had not
even reached pay dirt (laughter) when you
commenced talking about being: a. State In
the American Union. (Laughter and great
applause.) And you were irrepressible. You
held a convention In practically every min
ing camp in the territory (laughter and ap
plause) and made a constitution, and finally
you came into the Union. You had no terri
torial experience to speak of. You did not
propose to be taken in on probation or to be
held In a territorial condition. (Laughter
and great applause.) You were free and in
dependent and you proposed to be associat
ed with the freest and most Independent na
tion In the world (applause), and proposed
to be an equal State in an unequaled Union
(Continued applause.) lougot what you
wanted then, and you have had pretty much
everything you wanted since. (Laughter
and applause.) Where nature has failed to
provide for you you have done the rest
(Laughter and applause.) You are one of
The v President Breaks Ground in Union
Square for the Monument in Honor
of Dewey's Great Victory.
WITH A LITTLE SPADE OF HISTORIC BRONZE McKINLEY TURNS
THE FIRST SOD OF GRASS AND EARTH WHERE THE MONUMENT
IN HONOR OF THE BATTLE OF MANILA BAY WILL BE ERECTED
Pleasant Little Breakfast in Home of
Irving M. Scott Before Events
of the Day
Continued From First Page.
r ¦ > HE President filched a few mln
. 1 utes from his busy morning ye3
1 terday to drive to- the home of
1 Irving M. Scott at 607 Harrison
I street, where he took breakfast
M. with, Mr. Scott and a number of
friends. The breakfast waa
strictly private and a most enjoyable af
fair. The President, relieved of the worry
over the illness of Mr3. McKlnley, Was in
the best of spirits.' and in the congenial
company around the table he enjoyed a
pleasant half hour, leaving with regret
that he could remain no longer.
It was 9 o'clock when. the President left
the Scott home on Laguna and Clay
streets and drove to the Scott ' home on
Harrison street. Waiting to receive him
were Mr. and Mrs. Irving M. Soott, Sec
retary of State John Hay and Mrs. Hay.
Dr. and Mrs. Reginald Knight Smith. Mr.
and Mrs. Charles A. Moore, William
Keith, Miss Barber, Miss Car o Crockett
and Lawrence I. Scott.
There was a wait of a few minutes while
the guests chatted in the parlor and then
all were escorted - to the dining room,
where a dainty little breakfast was ready
to be served. It was a hurried meal, for
the President's day was to be a busy one.
but still there was time for a sociable talk
over the coffee cups/ After the breakfast
the guests were shown the art treasures
of the Scott home, and then the Presi
dent waa driven back' to the house on the
hill just in time to take Op the first of the
functions which the day brought with it.
M EVENING WITH OLD COMRADES
cordial reception. We cannot all of us dwell
on those serene heights of non-partisanship
where the President walks with such dignity
and wisdom, and so for myself. I can say that
I feel nowhere in the world so happy as In a
Re-publican club. (Applause.) I am glad to
be with you here to-day and to congratulate
you upon the splendid work which the Repub
licans of California have done in many hours
of etorm and stress since you became a State
and since the Republican party was founded.
(Great applause.)
Escapes the Handshakers.
The president of the club announced
that the President of tho United States
having other engagements to meet should
be privileged to take his departure.
A rush was made by members to grasp
the hand of the President as he was step
ping from the platform, but the clever
ness of Private Secretary Cortelyou, Chief
Sullivan and others of the President's
party of escort checked the handshaking
movement. The orchestra rendered "The
Star-Spangled. Banner" as the assemblage
dissolved. Many members of the leagu*
lingered . to talk of the affair, and the sen
timent was expressed that the receptior.
would be recorded as one of the greates*
events in the history of the league.
Surrenders the Cliarter.
At the conclusion of the President's hap
py response Post Commander General
Barnes said:
"The purpose for which McKinley Pro
visional Post was established having 1 bee:>
accomplished. I now tender to the Presi
dent of the United States unconditional
surrender of our charter."
The President replied :
"General Barnes. I accept the charter
and promise that I will not lose it."
This closed the exercises.
And all the great powers went and the
day was saved, and It was given to a young
American lad to scale the walla of Peklnj,-.
(Great applause.) And I don't know but he
belonged to California. (Laughter.) The
State has pretty mnch everything. (Con
tinued laughter.) But, my countrymen, we
are not a military people. We don't like
war. We like p ice and we have been pur
suing- peace, with a little war thrown In
(laughter and applause), for while we were
fighting the battles over in the Philippines,
our great captains of Industry, our great
manufacturers and our producers were In
the city of Paris at the great International
exposition maktnir more •xhlblta than any
other nation except France and receiving
more prizes far their skill than were
awarded to any other power. (Applause.)
That ia one of the victories of peace that
we are glad to record. We only go to war
to make peace. (Applause.) Wo never went
to war with any other design. We never
went to war with an Ignoble purpose. And
we never fought battles that were not for
liberty and civilization and humanity
(great applause), and I trust we never will:
we carry the national conscience with u»
wherever we go. (Applause.) We respect
property. (Applause.) And we show the
highest humanity. It was that gallant
captain. Robley Evans (applause), who told
the boys to atop firing, that men w.re
drowning, to get out and pick them up.
and hundreds there were brought in safety
to his ships. (Applause.)
Now, my comrades, I am sore you will
excuse me from saying anything more than
to thank you for the privilege you hav*
given me of meeting you here to-night and
telling you how much good it does me to
look into your faces again, to feel your
hearts still throb with patriotism, and to
say to you that the most Interesting years.
whose memories will longest be cherished,
are those from 1S61 to 1S65. And all we have
got to do is to give our loyal support to th"
Government we have saved, and when we
are gone our children and the generations
that are to follow will see to It that this
free government shall be transmitted to tira
generations yet to come, undimtnlshed In
principle and virtue and unabated In vigor
to uphold the interests of the people. (En
thusiastic applause.)
The Day "Was Saved.
Mr. Lincoln said in 1362 that there wai
not a regiment in the service that did not
have In It men capable of being Cabinet
Ministers,, of being members of the Su
preme Court of the United States, and of
filling; the office of chief executive. And
the Grand Army of the Republic has the
exceptional distinction of furnishing from
Its ranks five men to »erve as President of
the'Unlted States. (Great applause.) They
nerved with you. fought with you. suffered
with you. and with you shared in the tri
u-nphs of the war.
Not only, my comrades, did we have a
splendid army, but when the war was over
the army constituted a loyal cltUenship.
There Is not a man who served in the Civil
War that was not a better citizen when he
came home (applause), and ever since the
surrender he has been engaged In uphold
ing the • Government that he helped to
save. (Applause.)
There la another thing the Grand Army of
the Republic has done. It contributed from
Its own firesides for the Spanish war.
(Great applause.) A good many of the
veterans went in themselves, but if they
did not go. their sons did. (Applause and
cries of ••Good.") And I want to tell you.
the boy who livea in a family over which a
Grand Army man presides Is sure to be an
American patrlQt. . (Applause.) And those
boys went and fought our battles in Cuba,
in Porto Rico. In the Philippines and in
China and did honor to their country and
to every old soldier of. the war of 1861.
(Applause.) Was there ever more manly
beliavlor on the part of an army than was
shown by ours in those distant islands and
later In China? When the word came that
our Ambassador a and Ministers and those
of all the powers were In siege and were
being attacked and the Government was
unable to protect them, and when it was
said, and in many quarters believed, that
the lives of every one of them had, been
taken. It was an American officer who
said "TVe will go to Peking: with the men
we have got. and wait no longer for rela
forecementa." (Applause.)
Jkjen of Ability.
a rreat career and has written Immortal
history. Tou and your associates whr>
answered the call of Abraham Lincoln have
accomplished treat deeds for humanity.
You made thl» Government a nation. You
vindicated the principles of government by
the people and macla the declaration of In
dependence,-which for nearly three quarter*
of a century had been only a promise, a
glorious fulfillment. You established ths
fact that free government was not a fail
ure or an experiment, but had demonstrated
its fitness to be numbered among the gTeat
• nation* of the world. You made liberty
universal. You put the constitution of the
United States where it never had been be
fore, and where, under God. it shall stand
forever, with civil and political equality to
every citizen beneath the flag. (Great ap
plause.) And, my comrades, what nobls
manhood made. up that splendid army! We
are in the habit of .*aylng that mustered
for the preservation of the Union was the
best blood of the republic, and It is true.
We had from every State and Territory of
the Union the brightest and the best, the
old and the young and those in middle life;
those who gave up everything— home, fam
ily, comfort, wealth, great careers in civil
life— all were grlven up that they might
aave for themselves and their children the
. freest Government "on earth.
THE SA5M FRANCISCO CAI/L^ FRIDAY, MAY 24, 1901.
leading from the stage. Irving M. Scott
came also. Private Secretary Cortelyou
and E. A. Hitchcock, Secretary of th© In
terior, were with the President.
Barnes Presents McKlnley.
In presenting- Comrade McKinley to the
Povisional Post bearing his name Post
Commander W. H. L. Barnes made a
speech of glowing eloquence, which
evoked many demonstrations of enthusl
ann.'r-He'spok* of Comrade McKinley's
career as soldier, legislator and of states
man In the zenith of his glory as President
of the United States. Tributes were paid
in eloquent language to the bravery and
indomitable courage displayed by Ameri
cans in battles on land and sea. An Inci
dent of the famous charge at Mission
Ridge was described by reference to the
recorded fact that General Grant was
about to censure the commander. of a di
vision for advancing 1 his troops beyond
the point designated, but was told that
when the word forward. was given all —
could not check the column. .. 1
Triumphs of the American navy In the
far away purple sea were ' depicted in
glowing words. He pictured to the as
sembled veterans the scenes of 1S61, when
Comrade McKlnley as a boy went to the
front at the call of President Lincoln for
men to preserve the Union. He dwelt
upon the prosperity, the national unity
and the civilizing prestige of the nation
to-day, and closed a burst of masterly
eloquence with a quotation from Daniel
Webster's famous speech, exacting the
sentiment of "liberty and - union now and
forever, one and inseparable."
The fervid eloquence and tender pathos
of the speaker charmed the Illustrious
guest of the evening. At the close of the
speech the President gave the orator a
cordial grasp of the hand.
A. mighty shout of applause went up
when Comrade McKlnley arose to speak.
The President said:
Compliments Barnes.
My Comrades of the Grand Army of the
Republic— It would have been more pleas
ing to me and I am sure quite as satisfac
tory to you if we had bsen permitted to sit
durlnsr the evening under the spell of the
thrilling eloquence of General Barnes. (Ap
plause.) No one can tell the story of tho
•war or move our hearts aa be. No one can
paint the valor and the sacrifices of the
men who fought from 1S61 to 1865 and "re- ?
cite as* he can the glorious mission of the
flagr.
The Grand Army of the Republic has had
,' Even a pie trust,; It seems., by. Jersey's
experience, can become unBavory.
¦ '¦.:-': ¦••¦•:¦:¦ : ¦• ¦ • • i mb
PROMINENT^ REPUBLICANS' P0R-,
TRAITS. • Pages Vof • them - in ; the /Wasp's
Presidential! souvenir; number. ; Onsale at
all news stands. 25 cents.. " ;' - • *. \
Wagon Crushed; a Boy's Head.
FRESNO. May 23.-Johnny Webber, the
six-year-old son of a ; widow/ while play-
Ing on- a . loaded " dray this afternoon : fell
off and : his : head « was > crushed • by one or
the wheels. He died in less than an hour.
General Peraza a Prisoner.
CARACAS, .Venezuela,. Wednesday, May
22.— Celestine ' Peraza : and his * followers
have been taken prisoners near Ciudad
Bolivar. . r- ¦ :-; -¦•.> ' ¦ .
Electric Line's | New Officers.
8AN JOSE, May 23.^George L. Center
of San Francisco was to-night elected
president of the board of directors of -the
San Jose and Santa Clara Electric Rail
way, vice J. H. Henry, resigned. A. P.
Morrison of San Francisco was also given
a place on the board. The resignations
were C M. Longan of San Jose and J. T.
Burke of Los Angeles. '
NO apparent gain has been made by.
either side in the controversy be
tween the " Iron workers and the
employers, j Secretary Rosenberg
i of the Labor Council and Secre
tary Wisler, who represents the Interna
tional: Association of Machinists, :. both
stated last night' that they ha'd nothing
"to give out."' The strikers were orderly
and as yet have received !but ' little I en
couragement from their ,- former..employ
ers. . ' - V ? '¦ .'-j -' ' " .
sj No additional shops were unionized dur
ing the day. Bishop Nichols, who a day
or two ago went around among the men
most affected by | the strike, stated yes
terday that he had been asked to act. as
a mediator, by the San Francisco Labor
Council, but as yet had not made .up his
mind. His decision may be ' rendered ¦ at
any time. •¦ % '..¦ ¦:
On both sides considerable talk as to the
possible outcome of the strike ia being in
dulged in, but so far no result • has • been
reached. Neither side will issue a state
ment,, while both are awaiting results.
The strike of the metal polishers and al
lied trades is ilkely to be settled during
the day. on a similar ibasis to thatofjthe
carriage-working employes. The demands
will be conceded without regard to the
union. •: .-..-' '¦*¦':
Building Trades Not Involved.
1 Officers of the Building Trades Council
Issued' a statement to the public last night
to the effect 'that no stoppage of the build
ing industry will be tolerated. - This was
brought out by statements which have
been, given circulation regarding the atti
tude of tne. council 'in. the matter of the
present labor, troubles. . * '
Conn. The local combination of employ
ers at Bridgeport, Conn., has been broken
by the agreement of the Capsule Machine
Company there. Reports up to 5 o'clock
to-night show the following additional
agreements:
Indianapolis, all the shops; Grand Rap
ids, two; Erie, Pa,, the Erie City Iron
Works and the Cleveland & Hendricks
Machine Company; Pittsburg, a half doz
en oil well supply concerns; Meadville,
Pa., the Phoenix Iron Works. ...
Will Shift Headquarters.
The headquarters of the strike will be
shifted Sunday to Toronto, where the
convention of the Machinists' Association
will open June 8. • . / -
President Mulholland of the Allied Metal
Trades Association telegraphed from the
headquarters of that association in Toledo
to-day that he had issued orders to his
men at various points to Join the strike
In those shops where the employers are
still holding out against the demands of
the machinists. This is liable to add ma
terially to the force of the strikers.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., May 23.—Employ
ing machinists to-day ignored an order of
tho State Board of Arbitration, members
of the Metropolitan Club, representing the
principal shops in Kansas City, refusing
to recognize an order of the board to ap
pear before it and discuss the differences
now pending between them and the strik
ing machinists. The Metropolitan Club
contends that the law under which the
board was appointed .is unconstitutional
and it has retained an attorney and will
make a test case. >
Men and Oirls Quit Work.
, NEW YORK. May 23.— At the Sprague
Electric Work3, near Newark, N.J.,-. 600
men and a score of girls went out on the
refusal of the company to meet the men's
demands. One hundred men in the Gould-
Eberhard works also quit . work/ though
they belong to no union.
One thousand men* employed on- the
rapid transit : tunnel went on strike to
day and jibout 3000 more will strike to
morrow. The strikers demand an Increase
of 30 cents a day. . •. '-
WASHINGTON, May 23.—Presi
dent O'Connell of the Ma
chinists' Association, in sum
marizing the situation to
night, said: "The situation
now shows that we are largely the gain
ers In the number of settlements made.
The adjustments reported this afternoon
show a gain in New England of 1500 in
the number of . men returned to work
with the demands granted; of 500 or 600
in Ohio, and i probably 1000 in Pennsyl
vania. About 1000 men struck to-day.
There are some additions in Philadelphia
and some In the Seaboard Air Line shops
Of Americus, Ga. Our policy is to dis
courage bringing out any more men than
is absolutely necessary to effect the suc
cess of the movement."
O'Connell said a strike of the machin
ists on the Seaboard Air Line would oc
cur to-morrow morning. He said the
strikers' would number between 600 and
600. - Advices to . headquarters here lndi
.cate that at San Francisco many of . the
smaller concerns, are ready to grant the
demands, but are not ready to sign the
agreement.' At Indianapolis the American
Bicycle Company is reported as agreeing
to the demands, but refusing to sign the
agreement. The same condition exists
at several other points, and the matter
is being left to organizations to settle.
O'Connell said to-night that he could
not understand such a policy on the part
of employers, . but was .not disposed to
haggle over a minor issue. , He said that
the organization of the men is sufficient
to enforce their demands, and that the
question of signature was comparatively
trifling.
Agreements Are Signed.
In this city every establishment employ
ing machinists signed agreements to-day,
"one of. them, the Cahill Typewriter Com
pany,' however, refusing to unionize their
shop.- There are about 100 . machinists in
Washington outside of Government Bhops.
In Boston, thirty-nine firms, employing
1650 men, have signed the agreement thus
far. leaving 2500 men still engaged in the
I strike." The men are out in the American
1 Bicycle ¦ Company's: shops at -Hartford,
Conn., Westerly, R. I., and * Thomasvllle,
President O'Connell of the National Association Says Smaller Con
cerns of San Francisco Are Ready io Grant Demands.
MACHINISTS CLAIM TO BE GAINERS
IN THE NUMBER OF NEW SETTLEMENTS
down the valley of the Ohio to the Mis-
COLUMBUS, May 23.— There was an In
cident In the National Mothers' Congress
to-day which caused a decided sensation
and which" was only ended by the dele
gates indulging in a silent prayer, follow
ed by the recitation of the Lord's Prayer
in concert. The affair arose during the ef
fort to organize an Ohio branch of the
congress.
Mrs. Theodore Birney, president of the
National Congress, delivered her annual
address, speaking: on "The Duty of the
Mother to the Child." Mrs. Cora Brown
of Illinois also made an address. When
the nominations were closed for or
ganizer of the Ohio branch Mrs. E.
M. Hatton. Mrs. Lydia Cora Brown. Mrs.
John Mulford. Mrs. James R. Hopley.
Mrs. Charles C. Pavey and Mrs. Stephen
R. Clark were named, but each declined,
¦with the exception of Mrs. Hatton.. It
soon appeared that there was opposition
t«> Mrs. Hatton. which was of a personal
nature. Confusion reigned and there was
much excitement in the auditorium. Mrs.
Schaefer of Pennsylvania arose and said
ehe was ashamed of Ohio, and others fol
lowed In the same line. The Ohio women
promptly defended themselves, and Mrs.
Hatton, whose position was unhappy to a
degree, suggested three minutes of silent
prayer, which was followed by the reci
tation of the Lord's Prayer in concert.
Mrs. Hatton resigned from* the contest
and a truce was declared by the calling
of an Ohio meeting to be held at the close
of the session.
Restores Harmony After
Scene of Great Con
fusion.
veterans to whom we are Indebted for Cali
fornia, a portion of those who, on the battle
field of Mexico, achieved victories that led to
the acquisition of that vast territory which in-
PRAYER PROVES
ITS EFFICACY
sissippl, thence to the Gulf, finally to the
Pacific Ocean and its ultimate reach to
the Orient. The flag immortal and beau
tiful was revered In phrases that won
from - the guests and listeners prolonged
evidences of approval. ' V
President Visibly Affected.
The President was visibly affected by
the captivating eloquence of General
Barnes and the tender tributes of sympa
thy expressed in the words and the voice
of tha welcoming speaker.
As President McKlnley arose to respond
a great cheer from the audience off two
hundred citizens attested the joy of the
club. It was remarked that the President
was slightly hoarse and spoke with aome
effort to control his voice. In speaking to
his fellow members he said: ...'..'
Mr. " President, Gentlemen of the Union
League Club: I have no words with which to
make adequate response to the eloquent speech
made in your behalf by General Barnes in giv
ing ine greeting within the walls of this club.
I heard the general twenty years ago In old
Mechanics' Hall in this city. He charmed me
then. He has lost none of that moving elo
quence—he enchants me now. (Applause.)
I have not spoken a partisan word for so
many years that I have lost the tune and have
no notes., (Laughter and applause.) Now none
are for party, but all are for state, and whether
we are Democrats or whether we are Repub
licans we are all for the flag. We may have
DENVER, May 23.— After a drive about
.this city and a reception at th© State
House during: the forenoon Governor Nash
and about 100 people from. Ohio who are
accompanying: him on his Western trip
were banqueted here this afternoon ' by
the Buckeye Club of Denver. Colonel W.
Neil Dennison. president of the club and
son ot "the war Governor of Ohio," was
toastmaster. Governor Orman welcomed
the visitors to Colorado • and Mayor
Wright: welcomed them to Denver. Sen
ator Thomas M. Patterson made quite a
stirring 1 address on "Ohio Men," and re
ferred to the good offices of President Me
Kinley in visiting the South and West.
After Colonel Dennison welcomed the vis
itors on the part of the Buckeye Club of
Denver Governor Nash responded at
length on the pride of Ohio in her sons
who had. become residents of other States
He said the old State felt as keen an in
terest in them as parents do In 'their chil
dren who marry and go to other homes.
Rev. George W. Collier, who was a chap
lain in President McKinley's brigade and
others from Ohio * Responded to toasts.
Governor, Nash rested on the arm of Gov
ernor Orman during the reception at th te
£. tate J} ouse and heId to a chair during
his- address • in the afternoon. He re
mained seated while . receiving: . visitors
after the luncheon and was unable this
evening to attend the reception of the
Elks to the Ohio visitors. He is affected
with dizziness, which is expected to pass
away in a few days. At the banquet Gov
ernor^Nash accompanied Mrs. Patterson
ana-tne Misses Deshler were accompanied
by Governor Orman and Mayor Wright,
who • complimented -¦ .;¦ these ladies most
highly in their addresses. The Ohio dele
gation left' to-night for Omaha.
Unable to Attend the
: 'i ¦ Elks' Reception at
Denver.
our little difference* amone ounielvet, we may
have differing policies as to administration and
legislation, but I observe that whenever a crlala
comes in the life of the natlo'n party lines arc
obliterated and all stand for patriotism.
(Great applause.) We" never had In all our
history such an exhibition of unfaltering- de
votion to country from men of- all parties an
we have had In the past four years. The great
parties represented In the two branches of
Congress Just before the war with Spain voted
without a dissenting voice to place In my hands
tso.otso.oou. without restraint or direction, .to be
expended in my discretion for the national de
fense. (Applause.) And all through that strug
gle men of all parties supported our armies
in the field* After all we have more agree
ments In this country than we have differ
ence*. (Laughter and applause.) The differ
ences are ephemeral; the agreements are eter
nal, and the greatest agreement is that we are
a nation. (Oreat applause.) We are no longer
a mere confederacy of States, where one or
more can go out of the Union at will. We are
one indissoluble Union, made so. In the clash
of war when Abraham Lincoln led us. His
old Secretary, Mr. Hay (great applause), who
was beside Lincoln during the four years of
the great Civil War, sustaining him, has been
by my side In the past four years sustaining
me. (Great applause.)
I am glad to know that I am a member of
this club. (Applauye.) The fact is I belong
to all the Republican clubs. (Laughter and ap
plause.) As I have- never had an opportunity
to make .acknowledgment for the honor of
membership In your club I want to thank you
now and express the great pleasure it has given
me to meet you all. (Enthusiastic applause.)
Calls for Hay.
At the conclusion of the President's re
marks there were frequent calls for Sec
retary Hay. Responding to the demand
the Secretary of State &aid:
I believe, gentlemen of the club, that the
President has some sixteen engagements to-day
(laughter), and that therefore there Is no time
now for me to do more than thank you from
the bottom of my heart for this kindly and
GOVERNOR NASH
IN ILL HEALTH
BREAKING GROUND FOR THE
MONUMEKT IN HONOR OF DEW
EY'S GREAT VICTORY.
4
Our $195 Hats
Our $1.95 hats are about the best values for the money in our
store. They equal the exclusive hatters' two dollar and a half article
and are sold by. us at the extremely low price because we sell at
clothiers profits and not hatters'.
! You can get these hats in Derbys, Fedoras, Golfs and Graecos in
all. the popular shapes and colors;' no matter what style of a hat you
want in the above mentioned classes we have it for you at $i 05 Th e
hats are union made, and we will go even further and guarantee tint
they will give satisfaction. . .. ¦ draniee tnat
Out-of-town orders fitted— write us.
718 Market Street.THE PLUCKY BRITISH YACHTSMAN AND THE TWO UNLUCKY BOATS
HE HAS BUILT IN HIS EFFORTS TO WREST THE AMERICA'S CUP
FROM THE NEW YORK YACHT CLUB.
SEARCHING IN LONDON"
• FOR A MYTHICAX ESTATE
No Record of Banker Baskett's Death
' • Nor Trace Found of Alleged /
. , ',: ¦¦¦' Fortune.
; LONDON, May 23.— H. H. Gilf rey, a leff-
islative clerk of the United States, is now
here, endeavoring to trace the- estate of
"William 'Baskett, supposed to have been
a London banker and said to have re
cently died, leaving £1.000,000, the princi
pal heirs : being the .Basketts of Polk
County, Oregon. A story purporting to
have originated in London and giving de
tails of the death was printed in a Salem
(Or.) paper. Gllfrey is unable. to find the
slightest trace of Banker Baskett, and the
death of a man answering his description
has not been recorded at Somerset House,
the office of the, registrar of births,
deaths and marriages. , . .
VOIXTAITO OF KELOET ; • .
AGAIN IN"; ERTJPTIOitf
Burning Cinders Cover- Many Dis-
1 tricts and Great; Loss of Life
Is Reported.
BATAVIA, Java, May 23. T The, volcano
of Keloet is in eruption. The, lava is
threatening the Blitar coffee plantatlpns
and has endangered Kediri. The district
is in total darkness. j
It is reported that there has been great
loss of life, many natives having been
overwhelmed with lava. The population
of Blitar is fleeing. ¦ ¦ . '
A. heavy- rain of cinders continued faH»
ing to-day, covering six districts, aggre
gating one-third of the island, including
Samrr.arang, Kiridi and Su rakaxta. . ,
Lazaretto Buildings Burned.
NEW ORLEANS," May 23.-^Exclted citi
zens of Jefferson and St. Charles parishes,
opposite New Orleans, have burned all the
buildings that the State Leper Board has
erected in Jefferson parish, In fulfillment
of tho board's plans to establish a lazar
etto there.
i ¦¦ *
Wilhelmina to Visit William.
THE HAGUE, May, 23.— Queen Wilhel
mlna and her husband will visit Em
peror William at Potsdam from May 30
to June 1, at the Emperor's invitation.
America's^ Proposal Is
Rejected by the
Po>wers.- '
Greedy Nations^Have Peter
mined. That Chiha Shall _
, Pay $337;O66,OOO; ¦ V;.-
Special Dispatch : to J The Call.
'- CALE, : - BUREAU, -1406 1 G STREET,.' 1 N.
W., ; WASHINGTON, "uMay 23.— Fruitless
has been the '¦ attempt: of „ the .^United
States. to induce the powers to forego the
blood which 'they' must with' the
pound of flesh to be exacted.of China,
Special Commissioner • ¦ Rdckhill's -.pro
posal I that' the /amount • of Indemnity -b«
reduced to . $200,000,000 has been ¦ rejected
with- -a'' unanimity positively '•* startling
when it is recalled that -Great Britain has
been loud in her protestations In favor of
placing a : lump ' sum • at this figure. " The
powers have determined that China. shall
pay $337,000,000 and" not a cent less,' and a
dispatch received • by Acting Secretary
Hill to-day, from .Rockhill reporting- this
fact : means the end", of; America's ; efforts
on this point. • . ; ,. , . ..: -,;
-The proposal of 'this 'Government that
China Issue bonds to . the , powers bearing
interest at 3 per cent has not been acted
upon,- but f it- is likely to-be opposed* by,
the powers- of Continental .Europe- The
bonds issued to • -this * Government' will
amount to $25,000,000, , and with -a govern
mental guarantee there- is no doubt -that
they could be promptly sold at par. .Great
Britain's bonds would sell with equal fa
cility, but Russia's. 4 per cent' bonds are
sold at par and 3 per^ cent bonds would
consequently probably not command this
price. The credit of other nations of Con
tinental Europe is not as good as that' of
Russia. Spain, for « instance, which has
put in a- claim, could not dispose of 3 per
cent bonds at par. It will be to the in
terfcst | of , such governments to have the
bonds bear a higher rate.
THE BANQUET TO THE POSTMAS
TER GENERAL. Among the sixty pages
of pictures in the .Wasp's "Presidential
eouvenir number. 25 cents. - , •
'The' Hungarian Government, has forbid
den- the practice of 'hypnotism,, except by
medical i men - and -• under* special^ permiE-
f PENNSYLVANIA SYSTEM of Rail
ways.' Office— 30 Montgomery street.. -• \
Nj.'cfM Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA.'May 23,— Advices from towns
on the Columbia Illvej Indicate that mueh
uneusinesn is felt ovkr the possibility 'of
dumage from floods dt/rlnar June. Tha
(,'ohtmWtt Ulver Has been rising rapidly
for two weeks past. A aispatch from
Idtktside, in : Ferry County, saya that tho
river has risen thirty 'feet there and Is
rising moro than two feet every twenty
four hours. Cloudy weather has prevailed
over "the entlro Columbia River Basin
slnco tho spring equinoctial storm began
nine weeks ago. In consequence tho snow
haa melted but little in -the mountains
along the headwaters of tho, Columbia, as
well as the Snake and other tributaries.
If warm weather now comes suddenly the
snow will go. off quickly in all of these
vaat watersheds and a tremendous flood
will result. • ¦ ¦ .
The Cpwlitz, Yakima and other tribu
tary streams in this . State "are now re
portedaa running bank full. At .Vancou
ver the Columbians far above its average
height, and the Willamette River i3 also
rising. Cool weather has prevailed so
long that a warm spell and quick melting
of snows are regarded by old settlers as
an absolute certainty for the near future.
Early this week, several inches "of snow
fell in the mountains along Lake Chelan.
Columbia May Cause
Immense Amount
of Damage.
RISING RIVERS
MENACE TOWNS
KNOXVILLE, Tcnn., May 23.-Tlie Tcn
tmhco Iliver r«t€h«d 33.8 feet ot thin place
ttil* afternoon nt 3 o'clock and In slowly
fullfnK. The Jo*» of llfo thus far reported
1* fourteen, tut tfiUown:
GHKKN HUtUMIKONQ, colored.
MUH. iM, C. CAHHON.
-— HANK1N, llttloKlri.
MJSH MOLL114 T1LL12V.
MHH. OUEOO.
UNKNOWN MAN— nil of Elizabcthton.
SAMUliL DURHAM AND WIFE, VVn
tauga.
MILTON BOYD, Wallace, Vo.
HKNRY MUSSICK, Sullivan County.
TI1REK CHILDREN of Joseph Hill,
Rlpleys landing. . .
TOM MATHKS, Maynardville.
At Knoxville, tho steamer Onaga, the
largest vessel plying the Tennessee above
Cr.attanooga, was wrecked to-day ana is
a total loss. ' J- ¦
A special to the Journal and Tribune
from Klizabethton. Tenn., where the flood
fell with terrible force,' says: The relief
committee to-night report about 2oO per
sons in the town and 1000 in the country
homeless because of Tuesday's flood. "
A enecial to the Journal and Tribune
from Bristol, Tenn.. says: Later -details
from the flood-stricken section show that
great' damaee was done in the Western
North Carolina Mountains. Huntsdale. a
new. town at the southern terminus of the
Tennessee division of the Ohio River anil
Charleston Railway, is practically wiped
out. At Unaka. the large railway iron
bridge which spanned Chuckin River, has
been destroyed. The lumber, and pulp
mills of /General John L. Wilder and also
25,000 logs and a large quantity.of 'lumber,
property- of the Unaka ¦ Lumber; Company,
have gone down with the tide.
Sad Scenes of Desolation
in the Stricken
' f District.
FLOOD CARRIES
DEATH TO MANY
will be docked for a thorough examina
tion. Sir Thomas Lipton, George Watson
and W. G. Jameson visited the boat to
day and decided that six weeks would be
sufficient to put the crippled yacht again
in racing trim, and that it will probably
be necessary to ask for a delay In the
day of the cup races for this length of
time. In their opinion, most of the other
spars were fiuite heavy enough and the
whole trouble arose from the breaking of
a Hhroud and the bobstay fastenings. .
Sir Thorfias Lipton takes the accident
philosophically, but the comments of the
men show that this culminating misfor
tune, coming on top of the minor acci
dents which have happened at nearly
every trial, has quite taken the heart' out
of the crew. Past mishaps, which were
glossed over at the time of occurrence,
are now magnified, and not one of the
crew has a good word to say for the boat.
It is now admitted tnat all are. bitterly
disappointed •with her form as' against
that of the old boat, and the general hope
is expressed that Sir Thomas Upton will
decide to build a new yacht before sailing
off his challenge.
LONDON, May 23.— An editorial In tho
Yachtsman, written before the accidents
to the Shamrock, says: "The trials of tho
two Shamrocks have shattered our faith
In the new boat. Wo cannot sec what
prospect of success Lipton has."
Tugs were out all day searching for the
spar and gear that were. cut adrift, but
owing to the rough sea thqy found only a
topsail yard.
A German salvaee company will bo
asked to send steamers to continue the
search, for although the recovery of the
blocks, gear and iittings in this way will
cost more than It would take to replace
them, it is believed 'that time will be
saved. It is thought that tho sails are
destroyed or buried in the sand.
As soon as arrangements can be made
the Shamrock 11 will. bo towed to the
Clyde and handed over to tho Dennys. Or
ders for new spars were sent off an hour
after the accident and the work. on these
la already well under way. ' .
PHILADELPHIA, May 23.— With elo
«ju<-nc« born ©f tho pol?mn Importance of
the Question. commte*lotieri* to the J're»
byterian General Aawmbly to-day began
in* debate on the rpvlgion of tho Con
t< ?r)nn of Faith. I'.r illlimt leaders of the
church advanced their views In a, calm,
d!*pa*glonate manner, and the entire dl»
rurKion was devoid of acrimony. With u.
full realization, of the great Importance
of the subject, tho assembly proceeded
to consider and investigate thoroughly
every detail of the proposed changes in
the creed.
Calvary Church was not large enough
to accommodate the throngs who clam
ored for admission. Many of the spec
tators did not leave the church during
the noon recess. Although frequently re
quested to avoid demonstrations, the au
dience repeatedly applauded the speakers.
Among the audience were many clergy
men of other denominations. Rev. Dr.
Herrick Johnson and Rev. Dr. Samuel J.
Niccolls aroused the unbounded enthusi
asm of the audience by .their brilliant
presentation of the revision faction's rea
sons for desiring a change.
Rev. Dr. George T. Purves spoke
against revision, as did Rev. Dr. George
D. Baker. Dr. McKibben favored a modi
fied change. There are 250 commissioners
committed to dismissal, but they have
expressed themselves as open • to convic
tion. •'
Revision of Confession
of Faith Under
Debate. .
SOUTHAMPTON'. May 23.-At a
conference of his constructors
and advisers held this afternoon
on board the Erin Sir Thomas
Lipton told the gentlemen that he
was determined to go ahead with Sham
rock II. and left it to them to decide how
this best could be done. He had a Ion?
discussion with Watson, the designer of
the Shamrock II; Ratsey, the sailmaker;
Wand, manager for the Dennys, builders
of the yacht; Captain Sycamore, her skip
per, and. Hilliard and Ure, amateur
yachtsmen, "who have been sailing on
board the Shamrock II, and it was agreed
to cable the Kew York Yacht Club, asking
that the date of the contest be postponed
until the first week in October, in order
to allow time for the necessary repairs.
This extension will give the designers and
Ratsev time to do their part of the work-
It was decided to lose no time, but to go
ahead under full pressure while awaiting
reply from the New York Yacht Club as
10 whether the postponement would be
granted. . ...
Sir Thomas Upton expressed himself as
extremely sorry for being forced to make
any request upsetting the arrangements
alieady made, but he was left with only
the hull of his yacht. Without this ex
tension of time he would be totally un
able to bring his boat over in anything
like good form, and he said he sincerely
hoped his request would be granted.
Iiawson. Offers to Race. „
Speaking of the ¦ improvements on" the
Shamrock I, Sir Thomas Bald he had no
doubt that this yacht had improved much
Fince *he sailed in American waters, but
that he felt perfectly certain she was far
ficm being as good a boat as the chal
lon^cr. The latter, he said, had been im
proving daily and. although she now only
1 ad a. bare hull without a stick over her.
)k- was satisfied that on her reappearance
the challenger would justify bis confidence
in her. • *'' ;
6ir Thomas has received dozens of ca
bles of sympathy from the United States
and hundreds of similar telesTams from
all parts of Great Britain. Thomas W.
lAV.Hon cabled to Sir Thomas his deepest
mrret at the accident and his heartiest
<-ongTatulations that all on board had es
caped. He hoped that America would not
ho deprived of seeing the Shamrocks this
reason but if It were impossible to bring
them over he expressed his wMjngnesa
to take the Independence over to Lnpland
ajid race cither or both of the Shamrocks
in British waters. Sir Thomas replied to
ihia megpage, expressing gratitude at
l^wson's kind telegram and generous of
fer, which he thoroughly appreciated, but
he said he wa» going over with the nev
Shamrock, and if an opportunity offered
he would be delighted to race the Inde
pendence in American waters.
Shamrock's Crew Disheartened.
So far a« can be ascertained the hull of
the cup challenger is not Injured, but she
PRESBYTERIANS
DISCUSS CREED
THE SAN FRANGISGp^CAMiv FRIDAY;- MAY 24, 1901.
After Conference With Associates He Asks for an Ex=
tension of Time Until October.
LIPTON IS STILL CONFIDENT
OF LIFTING THE AMERICA'S CUP
5
FAILS TO CUT
THE INDEMNITY
OCEAN TBAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
« '. . ' Steamers leave Brtadway
it Wharf, San Francisco:
«k_ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. rn ; ,
VKSfipJlk, May 1, «. 11. 18. 21, ¦ 28. 31.
B^SgSa^ Junft 5. Change to company s
KT 6aAS?a itpamers at Seattle.
faJSft m* For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
frmBC* i-TiVli r 1 Port Townsend, Seattle.
P (( *\i£\I.Ij. facoma, Everett. Anacortes
U^^^l^jK and N«W AVTiatcom <Wash.)-
Earner ¦ Banta Rosa, fiur,day B 9 am
W'fBrthw jnformfttlon' ebUln wmpany*!
O. /?.;«IV.CO.
• Only •JH«««n»l»**» Xi * 1 »* *° .
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rnll Ll«« from PontXmnd to •
p«lnt« Ea*t. : Throufth lUUet* U • ¦¦II
BTEAKEH TIOKKTfl IWOtODB BKUTB and MSAM.
S COtAJMBIA..8«liN June 2, 12. 22. July2, 12
T7.W.H1TCHCOCK.' Oen.Agt., 1 Montgrn y.H.F.
NORTBERN I COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
NOME^^MICBAE
And AH Points on YakoaRiyer.
' Sailing Dates Subject to Chanee. ,
From San Francisco. ¦'.-. .-/-.- ,'. From Seattle. 1
May 25 .....S. 8. "PORTLAND .....::........'.
June IS. S. ."ST. PAUL"....:....June .8
May K. ¦'.-".. !".»S. S.'. "CONEMAUGH". ..\June W
• ¦' • VCONKMAUGH" '." carries : freight and \ Uv»
stocli". No passenjrers. ' •-. , ; •
- For. ratea of passage, freight and other par-
. tlculars ; applr,', to. ;^v, ;. -:'^/^.-;vf'. '•/'-,-. : -'' :"•.
- =? NORTHERN. COMMEHCIAI/ COMPANT. • . • " i
-* ',-¦;«¦ »H) Bansoma st.i >. Baa' Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENTS. •
June Number Out i
To-Day ;
THE SPICIEST MAGAZINE OF THE j
CENTURY j
THE
BOHEMIAN
A Unique Magazine of Short Stories
Nothing like it published. \Unique'ih
style and unique, in contents. Such
short stories you cannot find else-,
where, clean as a whistle yet spicy as
pepper. If you have never read it.
get a copy; io cents the copy. $i.ob
the year. Read "When Rivals
Meet/' and "Number 19."
SOLD BY ALL NEWSDEALERS
Ask them for it, and if you fail to fret
it, enclose . io cents in stamps for
copy June number to
The BOHEMIAN, Boston, Massachusetts
¦^^ ill ¦¦¦¦¦
World Famous Mariam ionic
"Uncqualcd ,' in' :caic» of Nervous
Dcprcsiion, Melancholy, Brain ' Ex-
hauition,' Fatigue &nd Sleepleisneif."
, ."Nourishes, Dtrcngthcns, , itiitairif,"
r efrcilics ."¦ ... ,
' All DruRgists. Refuge Substitutes.
Is K 11 orlJIfO «¦«•*• bootMncks, bnth-
M*M.l\* *+*+**"* houghs, bllllara tables,
brewers, bookbinders, catidy-niakers. cann«r»,
dyers flour mills, foundries, laundries,; paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, - sta-
blemen, tar-roof era, tanners, tailors, etc. .
. BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
Oppression, Suffocation, Neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S ClGARETTES.or POWDER
VarU, J.BSPIC ; New York. E. FOUdERA (SCO.
¦•• . SOLD 8V A l-L . DR I Jnr.lSTS , ' v -
BAY, AND ' BIVEB ; STE A MEB3. ~j
FOR U. S^HAVY!MD AND YALLEJO/
- .- Steamer! '".Montlcello.'V; ¦
TIM ON . J TUES.; WEiDi'.^THUftS/ AND 8 AT.
ITlit 9:i6 a. m.. 8:15, 8:30. p. m. (except Thurs-
dc night); Fridays, 1 p. m. ' and 8:30; Sunday »,
10:20 m~ m., 8 p. m.' Lending and office, Mia-
•loa-st. Deck, Fltr No. 3. Telephone Main 1508.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
HlTf T0EK. S0OTHAKPT0*. t0*D0». P1B18.
{ Stopping at Cherbourg;, westbound.
From New Tork Every "Wednesday, 10' a. m. *
St. Itfuls:. '...'... Jnne 5 St. Paul July it
St. Paul June 19 Kt. Ixiuls July 17
St. Louis June 2C St. Paul Aucoat 7
RED 'STAR LINE.
. New York and Antwerp.
From Neir Tork Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
•Zeeland Jane M ?Vaderland Juno 2*
Vrlesland June 12' Kenslnirton July 3
Southwark June Vy 'Zetland ..July 10
•Stop at Cherbourg', eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
' CHAH. D. TATIOR,
General Acent Padflc Coast. 30 Montgomery at.
AAAiinfP 6 Q Pti HAVV '"' um > NfVV
uceanics.s.io. BssEaras
SS. MAHIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
New Zealand and Australia
,, ..Thursday, May 30, 10 a. m.
BS. ZEAUANDIA (Honolulu entv)....
pnturday, Jun* », 7 p. m.
B3. AUSTRAWA tor Tahiti...'
.,,.,. ,,.,.,,, ,,Pi"iA»v Jnrt» n, ** 4 p, m.
J. O.SPBECtEU k BUS. CO.. Bintral loanb. 327 Hviit It
to't Pasanjir OHn, M3 Mirtet St., hr U. 7. PlciJi St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
Ami CIA «UD AMKKICA.NA DO VAPORC*
To Vulpsralio, itsppina; at Mexican. Ctmrat
and Houf h Am'rlcan pott*. Matting f wmont-
strtnt. wharf, 12 m.
I'AMCNA May WITVCAPV.I. ../..Jtjn» «
COVOMtMA ....Jum 12l AftgQUlPA ....July..
Th«»9 st»Tm»r9 nr« Inillt »xpr^=>iy for «>n«
trat ¦ and South Amtriettn pa*0<>n«#f tutvir*.
(No ehanf« at Aeaeulft "•* PitnantA.) Krelent
and paotenirer tittle*, Sli Callfomift strs#t.
BALFOUn. avmniUJk CO.. Pen. Agents.
COMPA05IE 0Z5ZaiL« IRAH3ATLA5TKJ03
DIRECT LINE TO KAVnK-t'AKIS. \^^Mm
Palling every Thursday. Instrad of «/?l3S*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 43, "!¦"¦»*
North. River, foot of Morton street. La Br#-
tagne. May 30; La Champagne. June <; *La
Lortalne. June 13: *t>'Aqutta!ne, June if*.
First class to Havre. $55 and upward. S^ond
clans to Havre. H5 and upward. •GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITKO STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway fHudson butldlnc). New
Tork; J. F. FCOAZI & CO.. Pacific Coa.n
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
PANAMA R.R,^*^
TO NEW YORK. VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, '$1O5; Steerase. f4O.
8. S. Lcelanaw sails Monday, • Juno ' 8
6.S. Argyll «all» Monday. June 24
8. G. Lee anaw snVn Moni^y.- July 13
From Fremont -street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast AjeiL
. . . - .
'',. '•:¦ ., ; AD VI^TISEJOajT3.
K •'-¦¦/ —¦>' *'**> ;V; . - 9*' W "% -¦''* s * -• ? % 4 " /^
¦ rttflM If " /llilSBr^^CT I' 1 1 1 111 IwJwW^il because we em P lc> y union exclu-
'' ' IfiiillPl if I III have union men because j
j I jffl' KHl. (jjyijill Hfey .hey are the best workmen in the ;
' i'Imj llnll/ iflBn fPrl' world. We do not use the label solely •
; * -f&w fllM' Hi Wffl a5 a l^ or un * on tra ds (of course,
j Mjiijjjf Ijlll • . ¦'. Uilni fii|gl we are as glad to wait upon union
IjfjIjW Ijl llf lifilJS Wall men as to employ them), but union
j .¦¦•¦ • : |Bff : ' ; '|i{B|| :^^u •¦¦ ' ¦ -'lili ill labor at' union wages means that we
Aa^ 3^^^^^ Our clothing is fitting proof of the skill
] Suits Top Goats Trousers
We havca strong line of all- We lately reduced some top. Heavy worsted trousers in j
wool cheviots/tweeds and coats a fourth. They are made good paUerns of ch^s-and
¦. -. ¦; of covert in tan, olive and stripes — just the thing to tone :
striped worsteds ; in various browi£ and are reduced from up a dark coat and vest that j
spring and summer patterns 5 — $io, making" a clear saving for have been worn some; value
! all desirable. Price you of $2.50, as. they sell for $5.00. Sale price \
$10,00 $7.50 $3,00
Boys' Clothing Department
What better way is there with which to acquaint mothers with our large, light, con-
venient, money-saving department for boys than by givingvspecial values, like these below men-
Vestee suits for boys from 3 to 8 years of age, •
made* of Scotch mixtures; some have fancy vests., ¦ j&a^
1 s£^***±. others with- vests .to match, some plain lapels, others ? ' : 5*|fc '•
I Jl^v^ silk faced; broken sizes and lots, hence the reduction. |
j but the suits as a whole contain every size; reduced V^j/ I
j .from $2.75 r $3.bo, $3.50, $4.00 and $4.50 1' *<<^iSMfafc* '
I I -Jmmm^miiwK Sailor suits made of -blue serge, ages 3 to IO /(^iflS^lK^^
¦ I J^^Wmk y™*> white > red and black braid trimmings, value g||||B
i -•PP»^ $3-OO.:.Sailor'suits,-age S 3 to 9 years, cheviots and Wg|P
. I MjwpAwjJLW serges, in solid colors of blue and red, with embroid- x^SMzM
''' : '-MM^mm ered designs; cassimeres in neat checks: both Hne |»J^li
iff] yM! Boys' shirt waists in many patterns and colors, $£*d \fifk
Is3 We a S es 4 t0 I2 ' re< lu'ced from 25c to 15c each. . l$n E^
mm Vm Boys' white blouses, ages 3 to 8, reduced from Bw \|f
$5 M Boys' Grand Duke hats, like men's, $1.50 Mjj^^X^L
&^ ', 0 Children's sombreros, fancy braid trimmings,;
' Write "for oup r"V T % A I m\ 1^ W %^V\ • - Out-oT-town or-
! n ; . . ,, WSSB^ - #%.! . m#»# a a Mi 1| I X_ B B -Q, ders filled— writs
; new illustrated I| %J \J %J Qj I \j* us for anything in
j catalogue now be- . £ . W w * ¦ J \^p^ clothln?, fnrnlsn-
In?prInted - 718 Market Street. ings or hats. :
\mm "'¦'-"''¦¦' ' " LT= / —I
I Hi ¦¦¦in 1 mSm
OCEAN TRAVELJ ' /W
.Pacific -Coast .Steamship Co.
"' • FOR
feNOME
'^^^H GOLDFIELDS.
.THIS STEAMSHIP
CITY. OF PUEBLA
Will. Sail
From San Francisco May 26
. -.anectlnc at Seattle with the Comrany** New
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
• The Senator mad* five trips to Nonw U«t
rear, b«lnc one ef the nnt to arrive th»r«.
l«ndlnir all her p«»«enger» and rrel«ht wttbouf
Yor pBssencer rate* apply TICKET OfTlCt,
t N«w Montgomery street.
QoavAVh, nziiKitiu * ca. o#n. Art*..
19 Market str««C
WILD COO8B MINING AND TRAD-
ING €?0MPANT.
Put st ngtr *n4 l'ril«ht 8 unmtt
CHAS. D. LANE.
NOME
TELLEB, OOLOFN1N. POUT CLAIt-
ENCE, ETC.
8AIL8 JUNE t . .
Superior First and Second Class Fas-
i Fpnger Accommodations. - '
, V) Tons Cold Storage Capacity.
This company owns tb« most success*,
ful lighterage plant at Nome, assuring
. safe discharge of all freight: also owns
and operates the "Wild- Goose Ry.
• HeaTy Machinery, Bar*es. Etc.. Taken.
CHAS. CONKLIN & CO.. , 867 Market st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets. . at 1 p. tn.,
(or.TOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, :c*Ulns at
Kobe - (IUpgo), Nagasaki and ¦ Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. » No cargo received on board on
day of sailing. ' ¦ 'S^i^QK^iBtesrejHpWfWPij
BS. 'AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May &. 1J01
B8. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday, June 23,1301
B8. NIPPON MaRU.. Wednesday.. July 17. 1901
>, Round-trip '.tickets at reduced : rates, r For
freight and passage apply at, company's office, ¦
421 • Market street, corner First.
- • • .-. y7V_ H. AVERT. General Agent..THE . - PRESIDENT IN ; SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA. Depicted irLthe tWasp's
Presidential souvenir number.' Sixty pages
of reception pictures.. 25 cssfc* ; •
! The snakes of North America will have
an - exhaustive treatise written about
them by the superintendent of the Phila
delphia zoological garden. In all there are
more than 150 varieties.' ~. • ¦• ¦ .
. Special information supplied dally „ to
business houses and .public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ?
Best eyeglasses, specs. 10 to 40c. Look out
for 81 Fourth, front of barber and grocery.*
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, ¦ in fire-etched iboxes.'or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market. Palace t '.Hotel ouUding.*
CaL glace fruit 30c per lb at Townsend's.*
: An army, of heirs Has arisen to contest' the will of a
local capitalist who at his death believed' himself .to
be heirles^. , This is* jjrobably. another, corroboration'of
the assertion that it is a wise man who -knows, who .'or
'.what he is. . ' • ' >'
The city of Topeka, wrought to the.point of distress
by warring elements, is now under the influence of the
,"dry" party. . It is sincerely to be hoped that no elec
trical disturbances of (he sbciaratmosphere will follow
this happy result. '¦¦ •; ¦"'-• ¦;.-,¦.;¦>;.-;.-
.'-. ¦.¦."'. ' •'¦' ;- • -' ! '- *¦ J -
..The people in Maine have evidently, grown envious
of the reputation Kansas Has made by the recent "cru
sades against : saloons, . for they have • started a ; simi
lar movement of. their own"* and are making things
howl around the ginmills. ...' , *.:;.'
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
The -people of .Washington -City, are: discussing the
advisability of erecting.' factories for; the' employment
of thepeople,"but what they wish is^arfactpry that will
emit np smoke;, and they are having a harjd time find
ing one o.f that sort that will employ any great amount
of labor. ' _ ; , .' ¦ {¦
Chicago, is to have a^newi' railway station, but she
doesn't need. one half as bad A as .-San. Francisco. It
may have .been noted . t that .'in j'kll V the ' kind things . the
President has said about' the city.. there was no com
pliment* for tHe kind of « cpot we i received: him 'at.
Sam Jones, the Georgia evangelist, who began his
career in the ministry as a circuit rider at a salary of
$300 a year.'is now said to earn $iooo a week' and to
have acquired a fortune of upward of $500,000., He is
still keeping up his old lick, for, having been invited
recently to preach "decently", in Savannah, he replied:
"If Savannah wants decent preaching I will not go
there at all; for how can I give them. decent preaching
with. the old town only half a. mile from hell?"
A school has been started in Chelsea, England, to
teach girls the duties of wifehood and motherhood. It
is called the "College of Matrimony," and is said to
have arisen because the teachers of the public techni
cal schools found a large number of young women
wished to be taught cooking, plain sewing and other
accomplishments, of the kind, and came to the con
clusion that what' is really needed was a thorough
system of training in homework for^wives. .!?/"'
" Itis reported that, all the petition cases arising out
of the recent general elections in Great Britain have
now been heard and decided by the Court of King's
Bench, and in only one case was bribery proven. The
showing is. sufficiently^ good to excite our emulation;
but it will be a long time before we can match the
record, . '\\ ¦ ''¦'""..'. ;:'.'' ' .;'
\ The recent, death at the age ofioi of Pierre Lassiere,
a.'noted' French philanthropist, has started the people
of that country to hunting up well. authenticated cases
of longevity, with the result there have -been found
men who lived to more than ioo years of . ! age ; by 'the
practice of frugality, and others by contrary practices.
One case was found of an habitual drunkard named
Espagnac, who is said to have had a jag every day for
ninety years. Such 'a. life' may have been a glorious
spree, but it will be better for the average man to be
temperate than to take chances. /
There is^the bitter irony of political ambition. When
triumph comes it finds -the victor incapable of , enjoy
ing, it. In/such" a case there can be no satisfaction ia
After such victories, won in a prolonged contest
against strong factions; in the excitement -of such a
popular reception, and in the enthusiasm of his fol
lowers, one would expectants speech to be full of ex
ultation and triumph,, but. it was very. different from
that.. The tenor of .the whole may be judged from
this extract:
At three score years and ten the world grows lonely.
Through, wildernesses almost desolate the stream of life
glides darkly, toward the eternal gulf. The associations
of early existence are . gone. | Its ; objects are gained or
lost,' or. faded In importance. ' Occasions like the present
stand in -pleasant relief— green patches on the \ sandy
delta— and are especially. attractive and welcome. Tully
recognizing; that your tribute Is not personal, 'but at
taches.to. the high office with which" the Republicans of
Pennsylvania have honored me, I 'thank you. My polit-~
ical race is run. It is not to be understood that God's
sword is drawn Immediately against my life, or that my
seat in the Senate is to be prematurely vacated, but that
with the subscription of my official oath on the 18th "of
January my. connection ' with the' serious labor and re
sponsibilities of active politics ceased,' except in so far
as I majwbe committed to certain measures pending in
the present Legislature. 1 1 will never again be a candi
date for nor accept any . official • position. I have many
friendsto remember/ I have.no enemies to punish. In
this regard I put aside the past. '¦[¦
SENATOR QUAY of Pennsylvania has just had
his hour of triumph over his political and per
sonal foes. He has not only obtained a re-election
to the United States Senate, but he has virtually
directed legislation at Harrisburg, and finally a great
banquet was given in -his honor at Horticultural Hb.11
in Philadelphia, followed by a grand reception at. the
Academy of Music* The occasion .was a genuine ova
tion, thousands of people met him at the depot, and
the t^'vds -upon the streets that gathered to cheer
him were so great the police had ; to stretch ropes
along the sidewalks to keep traffic from being ham
pered. • .. -
.QUAY" IN HIS TRIUMPH.
In the creed of the United Brethren church, recently
modified, the word "hell," highly interesting to most
of us, has been changed to "hades." No suggestion
is made, however, that the very strenuous meaning of
the term has been softened in the substitution. .
•Mr. Sma'rt— H'm! I've forgot more than
you ever knew. .*. ' . . , /
' ' Mrs. Smart— I don't doubt that any. I'm
sure I never knew you to remember any
thing.—Philadelphia Bulletin. ;.
"I know I shall never love another wo
man as I do you/'-. ¦ ¦' , <i
"I should hope not.' W- ; . - ' .
. "Well,' you needn't get mad about It
I'll bet I could If I wanted to."— Life.
.Guest of the; Doctor's (late home , from
the theater)— Hurry up, old chap, and let
• me in: ; . ~. - , ¦ . , . .
.Absent-minded Doctor (who has forirot
ten all about his visitor)— Who are vou*-
Guest— Mr. Trane. ¦¦: -.•¦ •¦:_,'
_ Doctor— Missed a 1 train, have you* w«»ii *
catch the next.— Tit-Bits. -.-•,. f "•
."Thomas," said the teacher of the"cla«9
in', physiology, ''can you give a familiar
instance of the power of the human sys
tem to adapt itself • to:: changed condi
tions ?'-5fJK^j^KS^^WMSS*^ggjigp*pp;
"Yes'm," ' responded Tommy Tucker
: "My Aunt Abigail gained 100 - pounds r in
flesh in.Iess'n:a year, an* her skin didn't
crack a particle."— Chicago Tribune
;;-'-;^-:^. ; .. . . ¦¦+..¦ ., . ; •:.."¦ '--
_. CORONArK) TENT CITY, : Coronado Beach,
, Cal.V ' will • be the ; por>"lar, ! summer » resort this
season. ' ;; It , became ; famous ;. last . year ' for ; com
fort,--, entertainment c and *• health. Its ¦ splendid
i-cateiwu a wonder. -iheflsJiins unexcelled, f
CHANCE TO SMILE.
« An engraving that shows a view from
the capitol grounds at Washington in 1825
discloses that Pennsylvania avenue was
planted with Lombardy poplars. They,
began to be imported to America soon
after the revolution, and their popularity
grew through the advocacy of Jefferson.
They came to be regarded as a symbol of
democracy and the domination of French
ideas. They were therefore profoundly
hated in some communities. -In-Salenva
splendid row of them was destroyed at
night by ardent federalists. They "were,
planted along the new turnpikes which,
.were being built eve«y where. . But few of
these old poplars still, stand anvwhere in
our northern States, ; save a few winter
killed old settlers" and some 3craggly
young growth. They proved a 'poor sub
stitute for our fine native trees, lust as
French notions of- liberty poorly served
our purpose. ? » -¦
America was ; certainly ever readv -to
make friends ' with France under every
new rule. "When. "Webster was Secretary
of State. The French Minister asked
whether -the United States would" recog
nize the new government of ; France.
Webster assumed a solemn and Impres
sive tone. "Why not?" said ho. "The
United -States since its birth has recog
nized the Bourbons, the French 'republic
the directory, the council of. Mre hundred
the 'first consul, the- Emperor,' -Louis
XVII- . Charles X., Louis Philippe, a the
" "Enough! Enough!" cried the min
ister, at such a citation of consistent
precedents. :
Jefferson's Lombardy Poplars.
dent had to remove his hat and stand
silent as the college president passed.
Every hour of the day was rigidly guard-,
ed. If . a' student, wished to take a walk
ho asked permission of the faculty,
specified the. hour of leaving and return
ing, and his destination, and was tlned
If he varied these. Attending a dance
was punished by a fine of 50 cents; play
ing billiards called for a fine of 40 cents,
and the third offense meant rustication.
There was /a "buttery" at- which cider,
metheglin, beer, loaf sugar, tobacco, etc.,
could be bought and students were for
bidden to buy beei* or cider anywhere
else. The""butler" who kept this /'college
canteen" had to furnish candles at pray
ers as a return for his privileges. About
1820 there was so much display, of dress
that a uniform cf quaker. gray . was
planned" for ..Yale undergraduates. ,One
student appeared in a suit of changeable
silk; another writes of his plaid cloak.
A Lycurgan society was formed to en
courage plainness of dress and simplicity
of life. -
' In the eighteenth century the candidate
for Harvard was not reauired to Know
either geography or arithmetic v though it
is to be inferred that he did. In 1814 Har
vard demanded a knowledge of arithmetic
through the- "rule of three."-i»nd an
nounced that after 1815 the college would
demand a knowledge of ancient and mod
ern geography. In 1816 the entire-arith
metic was set as ajnecessary study. Yale
at that time made similar requirements.-
In 1805 proctors were- Instituted in Har
vard.- There -was then no college chapel:
there was no chair of Greek, of natiiral
hlstory or of law; -there was no classifica
tion of undergraduates by merit. The
rules regulating freshmen were still very
rigid, they were severely "ground (".own."
Among other impositions upon them was
that of furnishing bats and balls for the
use of the whole college in their games.
The president's salary was $1400 a year.
in but four schools in Massachusetts . till
1820, "and was not well taught even at the
date of writing,., _: J 'L~ *. '.•'_. _ ,1 ."-' ;; - :
Thoroughness in Writing and Spell
* \ ing.
The writing master still dominated, and
poor handwriting was deemed as disgrace
ful as poor spelling. Home-made ink, of
a decoction of maplo bark mixed with
copperas, or a compound of water, vlner
gar and ink powder, and goosequill pens,
did not add to ease of writing. The mas
ter always set the copy and made the
P The crystallization of, orthography
caused*by the books of Noah Webster
awakened a perfect : Passion i for spelling.
Teachers reveled in hold ng - spelling
schools, and young and old joined p
spelling matches. Every, one spelt^well.
Poor spelling was abhorred. .The modes,
of reciting lessons in spelling, the Jiyd
ing into syllables, and pronouncing eacW|
portion of the .word as it grew In the .
speech of the speller have been made the
object of much ridicule, and are downed
upon by modern teachers.' Those methods J
produced, however, generations of abso- ,
lutely. perfect -spellers, while our modern
methods' have brought out a generation pi_
young people who all spell wretchedly,
and"' worse still. 'are -not at all ashamed
° f Great severity of discipline still existed;
pupils were flogged unmercifully. Teach
ers seemed to have a perfect oasslon for
punishment: I read, recently -some, pages
of the- diary, of a very genial gentleman,
a librarian of the American Antlauarian
Society V who had been a schoolmaster in
Ws youth and wBo- died in 1840. One entry
told, of .a ride. In a stage coach with a
mother and a young child who cried,- - He
said: "Such is my temper of mind toward
every child I see since I kept school, that
I could scarce keep from thrash ng him
I long to beat every child I meet. PuP"^
were whipped- with leather straps, w th
birch rods; with cat-o'-nine-tails. with
heavy ferules. ' with walnut sticks. ¦ Even
the Lancastrian system, held to be
founded on gentleness and persuasion, set
pupils in- the pillory hung them up^ in>
sacks, shackled the legs, tied the arms,
etc ¦ Every illustrated child's book shows
that, whipping was the common practice.
'Scant Education for Girls.
in early ' schemes of education in this
country girls had scant attention. The
wife of President- Adams (born in 1744)
wrote: "I'never was sent to any^ school.
Female education in the best . families
went no further than .writing and arith
metic ; iti some f e w , and rare instances
music and dancing." ; v _
The letter of one of the school board of
Easton, Pa., urges teaching girls the use
of the needle as well as to read and write,
"If writing should be thought necessary
°Th«ir first entrance into the advantages
of boys' schools was through an attend
ance at most inconvenient hours. Girls/in
Providence could be taught from 6 to i:30
: in the morning and 4:20 to 6 in the iafter
noon. The Morning Oracle of April 3, 1802,
i had this advertisement:^ . ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ' ¦ -
"A morning school .for /misses. Will, be
opened in. the chamber of the brick school-
I house en April 19. Attendance one hour
i and a half, beginning at 6 o'clock.- Price
13 6 . a quarter;, lo^for those w.ho -.may.
choose to be furnished by the instructors
with paper, ink and pens." - . ,'
* William Woodtoridge opened a school for
girls at Mlddletown, Conn., and in the
lirst quarter of the nineteenth century the
Byfleld School" (kept by the Rev. Joseph
Emerson), the Andoveri Girls' School and
Catherine Beecher's School at' Hartford
were established. In 1820 In - Miss Wil
lard's Schoolwas held the first public ex
amination of a girl. In geometry. Miss-
Lyon's School' at South Hadley has lived
and flourished, just escaping being called
the Pangynaekean • Seminary; which, was
appropriate if not .melodious, for.it meant
that I for i the first , time \ the ' whole jwoman
of our race was to be, put; to. school. >>In
1825 a high" school for girls' was- estab
lished "in Boston; ?it •¦ was attended, with
most intense eagerness, and not one pupil
voluntarily left: the school. But the suc
cess of the school was its ruin. With the
most. perverted. view, of education ever
known,-" Mayor Qiifhcy reported . against
the continuance of the . schooKon- the
grounds • that ; such large numbers .would
wish - to . attend, . and the consequent ex^
penditure.-.would be great, -so in. 1827 the
girls' high | school was discontinued. Bit
terly disappointed, the principal opened a
private • high -school > for girls, . and ' soon
many other girls' schools -sprung up. In
1855 .the" girls :. had - another public-, high
school.- ', ' - V
It was. not deemed good form for worn
. en- to go to f public ? lectures/:. Even in 1 1838
lyceum ¦ audiences : . were; so. rude,' that few
women ', were ¦willing to :• attend. - In > 1827- It
was announced ; that - ladies < might attend
the Athenaeum ' exhibition of \ paintings in
Boston, even if not accompanied by, a gen
tlernan^f-this was: an important step. _ .
*.^,^- How {College r Students Dined: ¦ .
\ In Yale' College "at the beginning of t the
When such an offense is committed from such a
motive a degree of legal responsibility" ought to be
visited upon the offender. The Examiner should be
made to return these poor people to their former
homes or restore them to their companions who are
happy and contented in Hawaii
It was their right to migrate from one part of the
country to the other, and to prudently provide for
their welfare by covering their future by a contract.
The tornadoes and political changes, in Porto Rico
had rendered such migration, either temporary or per
manent, a necessity to them. California is in every
way unsuited to them. They have no knowledge of
our industries and no skill in their pursuit. They find
no place here into which they fit" The Examiner's
fake condemned them to misery and exile. Under
the pretense of a humane purpose it inflicted in
humanity upon them, used them for its mean purpose
and abandoned them to their fate.
The Porto Ricans of the same party who went on
to Hawaii are happy and contented, and their reports
sent back are the means of inducing many others to"
follow them to* the Pacific."
The Examiner did not scruple to misrepresent and
deceive these poor people to advertise itself.
* *
THE Examiner is just "now advertising itself by
another race around the globe. The time since
ladies were doing that racing for newspapers as
advertising dodges has lapsed sufficiently to make the
fake renewable. The last effort of that paper to
attract attention by other; than legitimate newspaper
methods was its crocodiling over the Porto Ricans
who were migrating to Hawaii on labor contracts. It
sent a corps of "commissioners" to meet their train,
and by industrious lying about the islands and the
slavery into which they were being entrapped induced
a number of them to desert. The public has not for
gotten the snivel and snort which filled columns. It
assumed guardianship of its dupes who deserted and
continued to use them as sandwichmen to advertise it
until the fake was played out Now those deserters
are deserted by the Examiner, and some of them have
been reported as public charges on the counties to
which they were sent.
THOSE PORTO RICANS.
physically strong, has endurance and does
not meet with any serious drawback, such
as punctured tires or breakdowns, can
ride to the Yosemite on a -wheel.
first-class cyclcry can furnish a road book
giving best routes all over the State, dis
tances and time required.. '¦¦'.*'
LEGAL HOLIDAYS-Subscrlber, City.
The legal, holidays in California are:
Every "Sunday, January 1, February -22.
May 30 (Memorial day). July 4. September
9, first Monday in October (Labor day),
Tuesday succeeding the first Monday in
even numbered years (general election
day), fourth Thursday • m November
(Thanksgiving) and December 3>.
! CITIZENSHIP— L., Acton, Cal. Prior
to 1S55 courts repeatedly held in the United
States that the naturalization of the hus
band did not carry with it the naturaliza
tion of the wife, but an act passed Feb
ruary 10 of that year provided that;, the',
two should be one in this respect and that
no separate naturalization of the wife "
should be required. , .
CIVIL. SERVICE— Subscriber,. Pleasant
Valley, Cal. Persons who served In the
military or naval service of jthe United
States and were discharged by reason of
disabilities resulting from wounds or sick
ness Incurred In the line of duty are, un
der the civil service rules, given certain
preferencesj- They are released from? max- •"
imum / age of limitation, are- eligible to :
appointment at a grade of. 65' an4 .are
certified vto appointing officers before all
Others. For details of examination, time
and so forth apply to the secretary of
the civil service department of the branch
in which you desire to seek appointment.
PRESIDENCY— Constant Reader, City.
It has been held that a child born In a
foreign country to parents who are eiti
zens of the United States, whether the •
father is in the diplomatic or consurar
service, representing this country, or the
parents are sojourning or passing through
the country,' la a citizen /of the United
States; but there never has been any au
thority as to whether a boy born to Amer
ican parents in a foreign country would*,
if he attained the proper age, be eligible
to become President pf the United States.
The statement has been published time
and arain that such a person would be
eligible, but the question has. never been
judicially decided,, as there never has
been occasion for auch a. decision.
f ; . ;
EURASIA— J. W. P., Oakland, Cal. Eu- .
rasia is a combination of .Eur(ope> aijd
Asia, which has been applied by some.itbv
the continental mass made up of Europe. ;
and Asia, but it is not generally recog? ;
nlzed as a . geographical designatign..--
Longman's Gazetteer says: "According to' '
Egli the names Europe and Asia are at
Semitic origin,' Europe being connected
with the word ereb or iribof the Assy
rians, meaning sunset,' or west; Asia with
asu, meaning sunrise, or east. Eurasian
13 a modern name for persons of mixed
European and Indian blood. It is a term
invented by the late Marquis of Hastings
to designate all the progeny of white
fathers and Hindoo or Mohammedan
mothers."; ¦:
THE REPRESENTATIVES— F.E. T..'
City. "The select committee "of twelve .on
representation under ¦ the recent census
has recommended the passage of a bill
allowing the following representation to
each State, as follows: . Alabama 9, Ar
kansas 6, California 7," Colorado 2. Con
necticut 4, Delaware 1, Florida 2, Georgia
11, Idaho 1, Illinois 23, Indiana "12, Iowa 11,
.Kansas 7,. Kentucky 10. Louisiana 7. Maine
3, Maryland 6, Massachusetts 13, Michigan
12, .Minnesota 3. Mississippi 7, ; -Missouri^ 13.
Montana I, 11 Nebraska 5, Nevada 1. New
Hampshire 2. New -Jersey 9, New Ycik 33,
North Carolina 9, North Dakota 1, Ohio
20, Oregon 2, Pennsylvania 30, Rhode
Island 2, South Carolina 6. South Dakota
2. . Tennessee 10, Texas 15. Utah 1, Ver
mont-. 2. Virginia 9, Washington 2, "West
Virginia 5, Wisconsin' 10 and Wyoming. 1;
In all 375 representatives to a population
of 74,610,523. .
WHO CAN TELL?— M. G., City.. This
correspondent writes:. "In reading *Eben
.Holden' we come to where Will Brower ,
takes, lodging^ In. New York with the
thrifty German, 'All 'Right* Opper by
name, who had leased from the old sailor
shopkeeper in - front. Now,'; this sailor,
Riggs, was blind, but had an fdea or fancy
that his affliction was only a dreaming,
and that when the morning camo- he
should wake and 'maybe Annie and moth
er would from the dock be waving their
welcomx to his coming.' -Maybe I'm
dreaming, too, but somehow this portion ;
runs through my ¦ mind as a twice-told
• tale, that I have read elsewhere. Can
any of the readers of the department ofA
Answers to Correspondents through that
department give me the name of the orig
inal and whero it appears!" It may~not
be plagiarism en the part of the author'
of "Eben Holden," It may simply be an
other case of history repeating itself.
TO YOSEMITE ON A WHEEL— J. W.
B., San Rafael, Cal. An individual -who Is
land, Cal. The time for the. giving out of
the figures of the new census of the Do
minion of Canada has not ret been an
nounced. - < • ¦
POKER— Card Player, City. If you want
to become a gocd poker, player you must
have the following qualifications as laid
down by General Schenck: "Good luck,
good cards, plenty of cheek and good tem
per." • , . ;
THIRD TERM— H.' C. D., Veterans'
Home, Cal. There is no law to prohibit
one who has been- President of the XTnlted
States two successive terms from becom
ing a candidate for a third successive
term, and if elected there is no law
t*»at would prevent him from entering
u k "»n the duties of the office.
CENSUS OF CANADA-C. A. D., Wood-
premium from dealers. Such 'may be pur
chased for 75 cents..
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
NO PREMIUM-A. 0. S., Oakland, CaL
A half dollar of 1850 does not command a
By .A-lio© Morse Earl©,
AUTHOR OF '/STAGECOACH AND TAVERN DAYS," "OLD-TIME DRINKS
AND DRINKERS," KTC.
Americans /to Establish. Schools of
> Higher Education. .
Interesting ..History of the First Efforts of
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS
Prepared by 'Experts and Specialists for
The : San Francisco Call
XIV.— SCHOOLS AlfD COLLEGES.
century the students ate in a new com
mons " building. ¦-¦ At meal times sopho
mores entered at the north door, fresh
men at the south door and junior and
seniors at the middle door, i Tutors sat
at an elevated table and tried to preserve
order, but there was much rioting. In
one term thirty coffee pots and 600 tum
blers were destroyed— and -this when
classes were comparatively small. Boiled
potatoes, , bread, pats of butter, would be
thrown backhand forth. "When. peas. were
cooked all the undergraduates were sum-
moned to shell them, but the work usu
ally fell on the freshmen. If any man
shirked he found all the pea pods thrown
in his room. This was called "podding."
Great pewter Jugs of cider stood on the
tables and all drank from the jugs. When
the students did not like the ¦ quality of
mutton served them they entered the
commons bleating and seized . the platter
of obnoxious mutton and threw it through
the window. . ~ ,
For breakfast at the commons were
hash," "slum" and coffee; for dinner, beef
or salt pork, with vegetables, bread. ~ a
quart of beer and ample elder; for sup
per, a quart of milk and half a loaf of
bread or an apple pie for each student"
Apple pie was . a daily item of food at
Harvard 'and at times was served at all
three of the daily meaus.
Some Quaint College Eules. :
'Students at. Tale were obliged to draw
¦water from the college wells for their
use for bathing and drinking unless -their
fags, did it for them. Two upper class
men were entitled to one fag. Every stu-
COPYRIGHT, 190L
; The year 1800 witnessed little change in
educational ideas ' from : those of half a
century-. previous,- though: great changes
were brewing. The horn T bopk was still
seen, but the famous New England.Pri
mer was chiefly • used. LJttle boys and
girls attended dame schools, learned their
letters, to read and; spell an/ to knit and
sew. When the little girl proudly carried
home and displayed her. first pair of knit
garters her brother showed the "galluses"
he had knitted as he sat by her side.
When they left the > dame ".school their
paths separated;, he Ams thrust promptly
into the pages of Latin grammar and was
set to make a "sum book." Seldom did h&
have a printed arithmetic, and it was just
as well that he did not. For many of
the rules In the. arithmetics of those days
can hardly; be understood -by tolerable
mathematicians of " mature age to-day.
Pike's arithmetic was the most popular
and the worst:' A very good Latin gram
mar for its day, "Cheever's Accidence,"
was in use everywhere; written by one
Cheever, the Boston schoolmaster, who
taught seventy years. Josiah Quincy said
he studied it through twenty times before
mastering it. The custom was to study
the grammar through threq times, com
mitting to. memory, before any parsing
was done. The "Young Ladies' Acci
dence" was a much simpler and clearer
grammar. • • • ¦ • ¦ ¦ ' ¦ ' ¦ :. • ¦''•
: A book printed in 1834 entitled "The Dis
trict. School" says geography was taught
Calif crnians v are in "Washington: At the
Metropolitan, ; James Regli, San Jose;
National, T. Dickson, San Francisco, and
.C. 'Morin, San Jose; St. James, John
Tanely, San Francisco, and M. Brady.
California; Raleigh, \ H. Mackiernan and;
Miss Mackiernan, Lob Angelea.
WASHINGTON,, May 23.— The following
CALITORNIANS IN" WASHINGTON"
; It will be seen that the preparations for the face'
are in a most unsatisfactory condition. If Lipton
comes over with a hastily patched up yacht to compete
with a yacht . whose owners have barred out other
yachts from competition, it is not likely thete will be
much satisfaction to any, one no matter how the
contest goes. : . , • . ' * -
The word "any", in that clause is construed by
Boston yachtsmen as entitling their yacht to enter
the trials. Secretary Bliss of the Massachusetts Yacht
-Racing Association says: "I do not see' how the In
dependence can be shut out from the trial ..races. u.n-,
der the deed of gift except by the most arbitrary ac
tion on-.th'e part of the New ( York Yacht-Club." On
the other side a member of the New York club is
quoted as saying: '-The America's cup is in the cus
tody of the New York Yacht Club, and it isthe re
sponsible custodian and probably, will remain so" as
long as the cup is held on this side of the water. The
challenge for the, cup was. made to the New York
Yacht-Club and must be raced for under the rules
agreed upon. The club isjresponsible for the conduct
of the race, and if Mr. Lawson wants to come. in he
must submit to these rules just as Sir Thomas Lip
ton must." , . \
Th. e Boston men base. their claim to a right to en
ter the trial races; upon a claus'e in the deed of gift
by which the survivors of the syndicate that built
the America 'turned the famous cup over to the New
York Yacht Club. The clause runs as follows: "Any
organized yacht club of a foreign country, incorpor
ated, patented or licensed by the Legislature, Ad
miralty or other executive department, having for its
annual regatta an ocean watercourse on the sea or
an arm of the sea, or one which combines both, shall
always' be entitled to the right of sailing a match for
the cup with any yacht propelled with sails only and
constructed in the country to which the challenging
yacht belongs, against any- one yacht or vessel con
structed in the country of the club holding the cup."
The wreck of the Shamrock II shows that she was
not strongly constructed, and for • that defect
Thomas Lipton himself .appears to be to blame.' It
was announced long ago. that the' designer of "the
yacht desired to make her, fit for the heavy seas
around the. British, Islands, but that J Sir Thomas-had
been so impressed by. the light winds and quiet seas
that prevailed off New Y^ork harbor at the time of his
first contest that he forbade the construction of a
heavyweather boat, and insisted upon one of lighter
build. He has now had occasion to repent; of his
folly, but it is announced he is as determined as ever
to make the race with Shamrock II and will spare no
expense - f tb have her ready if a f postponement be
granted.
. . The wrangle between the New York Yacht Club
and Thomas W. Lawson and his Boston colleagues
will not be settled as easily as Shamrock II can be
repaired. The New Yorkers have decided that the
Independence shall not be permitted to enter the
trial races andcompete for the privilege of defending
the cup. The decision*is final so far as the race is
concerned, for the New Yorkers hold the cup; but it
has increased rather than settled the agitation on the
subject, for~under the decision it will not be known
whether the defender is the best yacht that American
skill can construct, and consequently the public in
terest in the event will be less than it would other
wise have been. .
THE '' AMERICA'S*; CUP CONTEST.
EVERYTHING goes wrong this year with the
preparations that are being made: for the 'inter-'
national yacht race for the ; America's cup!
Sir Thomas Lipton's new challenger, after having
been beaten in one test; by I, has been
almost completely wrecked, and it is said . to be
doubtful if she can be made ready for a match even
if the event be postponed '.to a monthlater than the
date fixed. 'That will,, of course, tend to weaken
British interest in the race, while in this- country the
unfortunate; wrangle between the New York Yacht
Club ;'and ; the Boston_ men' who have constructed the
yacht'Independerice to'compete for the honor of de
fending the cup has .been almost as depressing to
American interest. In fact, it. is a bad year for .the
contest, and perhaps no_one would be very sorry if
the event were postponed for 1 a*. year.
We submit to the President that this is grossly un
fair treatment of California. The Chinese, instead of
resisting the purgation of Chinatow*n, have effec
tively co-operated with, the Governor in that work.
They are not fairly under suspicion of concealing
anything. Their conduct" might well be imitated by
the officials, who will privately admit themselves, to
be wrong in reporting the April case but refuse to
make that,.admission public.
It is a matter of vast importance to hundreds of
thousands of people in California. The President has
been with us. He has broken bread and eaten salt in
cur tents, and.it Js_ not' too much to expect tha,t he
will do what he may to lift this incubus from the
prosperity of the State* A consultation between him
and the State' authorities would be highly proper, to
arrange a common ground of action.
Here, then, we have the testimony of the sick and
death rate of both races, and the fearless compla
cency of the Chinese themselves, and the testimony
of our most reputable physicians that "the ailment
alleged to be the plague has been identified in China
town constantly for thirty years, being nothing more
than a disease and complications not unknown
among white people but modified by. the peculiarities
of the Asiatic constitution. Yet the report that we
have the plague persists, and receives, we regret to
say, official countenance. To show what this amounts
to let £ne fact be stated. ;The report of the surgeon
general shows one case of bubonic plague in San
Francisco in April. Upon attention being called to
it and an investigation being made it was demon
strated that the report was wrong, and the admission
is on record that the case was not plague at all. Jus
tice required that the Federal and local health ser
vice'should publish this admission. " Nothing could
.have, gone further to. overtake, the untrue statement
that the plague exists. But was this done? No. The
officials would go no further than to omit the false
report. from subsequent bulletins of the ensuing
months! . ¦
As far as the vital, statistics of the Chinese are con
cerned, their sophistication is impossible under the
regulations of the law and the customs of those peo
ple. Every one of their dead must be returned to
China to rest with his family and his ancestors. This
is the highest obligation of the living to the dead
Chinese. It is under such regulation that the identi
fication and numbering of the dead must be accurate
or this obligation cannot be discharged. So no con
cealment in Chinatown is possible. But there is an
other''evidence better than anything else. The Presi
dent and nearly all of his Cabinet have been. in San
Francisco for a long time. The Governor of Ohio
and members of Congress from that State sojourned
here and saw the town at leisure. The Governor of
Oregon and the Governor of Arizona have been here,,
with the same opportunity for observation. Most
of these gentlemen have been back and forth through
Chinatown.. They have seen its teeming streets and
visited its theaters, temples/ restaurants and stores
by day and by night. They have seen the Chinese
going about their business and their places at all
hours, with no sign of fear or panic upon them, i
Now the Chinese know the. plague, its signs and
symptoms^. as..thoroughly. as. do -the bacteriologists. -
They know it as we, do smallpox, and 'shun it in greater!
fear. "As the Governor of California has pointed out,'
if plague were in Chinatown not all the ropes that
could be stretched, around it,, nor all the troops the .
Yresiderit saw at the Presidio, could keep the Chi
nese there. They run from it as we run from small
pox and cholera, and recognize it as plainly and as
quickly.
. One heed not resort to the microscope to demon
strate this. During the entire period since the world
was frightened and Chinatown was roped in between
midnight and morning the sick rate and death rate
here have not advanced a point beyond normal.
These rates in Chinatown have been, if changed at all,
below normal and average. But, when this showing
is made, the reply of the Federal authorities has been
that this very condition is suspicious, and implies that
the rates of sickness and death are being sophisticated.
This charge is untrue. It is known that. the local
Board of Health has ; striven to prove its original
statement that plague was here.-* It has- charge of our
vital statistics, and any sophistication would be" more
likely in the interest of the board's position. ./¦
THE time has come when California must strive
earnestly to get ju-stice'in regard to ,the bubonic
plague scare," which is" already an incubus upon
our industries and threatens at any time to effect their
destruction. No matter what may be said or done by
men who" are under bonds to professional -courtesy,
or are unwilling to change preconceived opinions that
were not justified at their- formation, there is no bu
bonic plague in San Francisco nor in California!
FAOTS ABOUT THE PLAGUE. >
' W. F. Malcomb 6t Woodland arrived in
the city last niffht, accompanied by hi3
wife. He is staying at the California. - ,
Governor Gage, who has made his head
quarters at the Palace for several days,
leaves to-day, for Sacramento. - .
W. O. H. Martin, a prominent mining
man of Eeno,,Nev., is at the Occidental,
accompanied by his wife. '
C B. Jillson, a mining man of Horn
brook, is here on business and is staying
at the Grand. . ... .
Jackson Dennis, a "mining man of Sut
ter Creek, registered at the Grand yester
day. .
F.- S. McComber. an extensive wine
maker of Sonora, is a guest at the Palace.
' J. D. Carr, a prominent Democrat of Sa
linas, is at the Palace.
W. S. Richards of San Jose is at ths
Palace, accompanied by his wife.
E. J. Rule, a prominent mining superih-'
tendent of Sonora, is at the Lick.
Jackson Hatch, a prominent attorney
of San Jose, Is staying- atthe Palace.
PERSONAL MENTION.-
It is not likely : Quay's retirement from political
leadership .will be so complete' as is" asserted in that
speech. His words .vyere evidently' spoken in a mood
of despondency, the natural reaction the ardent
feelings that animated him \while the fight waygoing
"on. V When a new fight* begins he will doubtless return
to the fray, as eagerly as ever, j None the less his words
are interesting as an .illustration of the essential vanity
of human ambition.^ If -the. speech of Quay in his
triumph were placed" alongside 'the letter written by
Ingalls when he learned of his -defeat, the contrast
between /the, two . would be striking. \ The
statesman, in the actual loneliness of his Kansas farm,
was cheerful and serene, while the victor, amid the
shouting thousands of .his admirers, felt his life gliding
through a wilderness almost desolate.
political honors except sucK as comes from ; a true
devotion to duty f and' the consciousness thatit is pos
sible in office to faithfully serve one's country. Of
-purely personal satisfaction there is to a -noble mind
almost nothing. , S\ : '.' ¦ ."
THE^'SAN.-'-FBAN^^
'FRIDAY ......'.....t.....V..-MAY 24,1901'
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
: Atiitst AH Comjsaaie»tiont ta W. B. IJEAKE. Manager.
PCBUCATIOX OFFICE... Marlcet and Third. S. F.
Telephone Prefi 2O1«
EDITORIAL ROOMS .7777zi7~io 2*1 Stevenson St.
Telephone Precs 202.
Delivered w rurHem. XB Coitf- Per -Week.
Mn»rTe Copte*. O Cent*.
Term* by Mail. Indndln* Fostajret
•»ATLT CALfc fJBclnainir Fnn<)ay\ «n» year *••"*
T>ATLT CALL flndndlnr Fnnday). « months *•«"
Z3AXL.T CALb Onclndlnr Sunday). * month* ._. »•»»
UAILY CALLr-By Single Month ~j-
VTEEKLT CALU One Tear.. VV*"""-*V^-
All po«tma»tert» are authorised to receiro
anbaerfptfoiiM.
Earsple ocples will be forwarded whep reanested.
rar^s^T*~ bat* NEW AND OLD ADDBKEB ..orfjr
to ;neare m. prompt and correct complUne* with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE 77777777. ...HIS Broad wot
v" C. CKORGB KRO65Rf>*. .
ffuunr rewire. AiTertUiag. Marjnetta Building. CUe*g»
doe* Dletaace Telephone "Central 2«U.">
KEXT TORS REPRESEJTTAj.1 v mi
C C. CAIUVTOjr jy.. Herald Square
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE*.'
erEPHEJT B. SMITH SO Tribune Bulldinc
KEW TORK HEWS STAJTOS: \
Waldorf-Astoria . Hotel; A. Brentano, a Ucloa Squaw:
Vctv HID Hotel. I ; .
CHICACO NEWS STANDS: - _
Bbermaa Boom: P. O. New. Co.: Qrert Northern HoteT;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
.WASHIKGTOW (D. C> OFFICE. . . .1400 Cr St.. l£ "W.
MOH.TOIC E. CHASTE. Correipondent
HRATtcn OFFICES— Q7 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
entil t-JSt o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. «3S
lfcAHlster, ' open cntil »:M o'clock. 615 l*rkln. open until
* J0 o'clock. 1*41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
ccroer- Sixteenth, open until » o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
«ttfl f o'clock. IS« Eleventh, open until » o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twenty- second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 , Fltymore. - open until > p. xa.
Tale College in 1823.
6
AMUSEMENTS. '
Columbia*— "Heartsease."
Alcazai^'The First Born" ana "Glorlana."
Grand Opera-house— "The Queen of Chinatown."
California— "Barbara. Frletchle."
Central— "Shadows of a Great City."
Tlvoli— "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum— Vaudevttle.
Clympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.' •
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•venliie. . . \
Fischer's — Vaudeville. ¦
Recreation Park-Baseball.
Alhainbra-Beneflt Children's Hospital. Saturday matinee,
June 1.
Butro Baths— Swimming.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG TOWI FOR THE SUMMER.
Call •nbBcrlbers contemplating a change *t
re*ideaee durlac the mmmer months can haro
tfe^tr patter forwarded by' mall to their new
Bddrenei by notifying Tbe Call Bulneu Office.
Thin paper Trill also be on sale at all mmmer
rekorts and 1b represented by a local agent lm
•U towns «b the coait.\ PRESIDENTIAL ;> RECEPTIONS AND
PARADES. : All in " the Wasp's ' sixty-page
Presidential ki souvenir. ; On Ml* -. every
where. 26 tto\Mvm&98ffi£B®m*my •
. The preliminary, examination of Dr. R.
E. Bunker on the 'charge, of murder in
connection with ' the I death of I Miss : Jane
Bouillaguet was resumed before : Judge
Cabaniss ', yesterday. - Drs. O." VWV~ Jones
and.iE/ L.'"Perrault testified f for the 1 de
fense, and s the ¦ case *wm ; continued ¦¦ until
Monday, morning. *;
Dr. Bunker's Case Continued.
The Original Little Beneticencia Publica
Company of San Francisco. Organized
t'eptembsr, 1893. Drawing May 23,
I9OJ.
Ko. 41,344 wins , $7500 00, sold in San Fran
cisco, Cal.; No.. 54.CC7 wins $2300 00, sold in
San Francieco. Cal. ; No. 72,643 wins $1250 00,
sold In San Francisco and ; Sulsun. Cal. ; Nos.
1442, 23,264, 39,507, 42,779 and 53.865 each^ win
S1CS 00, sold in San Francisco and Sacra
mento," Cal^^^^SKJfr^^f- ;> . #.
Yosemite Valley via Santa Fe. ;
The Santa Fe is now carrying passen
gers to the Yosemite via stage from Mer
ced.; Starting on . California Limited i to
day you are at the Sentinel Hotel to-mor
row afternoon,; passing 'Merced-Big Trees
en route.
Ask about It at 611 Market street. •
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 23.— Among the 140
indictments handed down by the April
Grand Jury to-day were thosa against
Michael J. Gibbons. John L. LUii s> r h
Johnson and Frank A. Mulligan, judges
and clerks at the last municipal election
who are ; charged with making false re
turns. Frank Ausnnger was indicted on
the charge of repeating. '
Election Officers Indicted.
A pretty little ceremony will be enacted
to-night at • Monterey. A giant oak tree
Is to be dedicated to the memory of th©
late Dan O'Connell: . The arrangements
for the ceremony are being superintended
by Charles Rollo Peters, the local artist.
• A number s of the members of the Bo
hemian Club will leave this city to-day
to witness. the ceremony.
and Numbers of Bohemians
¦Will Attend.
Ceremony Takes Place at Monterey
It was the annual basket-ball gamo be
tween the senior and junior classes of the
Mission High School and the seniors won
out by a narrow margin from the agile
juniors, the score standing 15 to 11 when
hostilities ceased. The contest was waged
in the gymnasium of the high school, and
fully 200 girls enjoyed.it. As usual, man
was barred from watching the game.
Many of the male scholars agreed to pay
double the price of admission if they
could see the , fun, but. their pleadings
were in ,vain\ The players themselves
were not adverse . to displaying their
shapely forms, but the teachers called a
half. . • . .
OAK TO ' BE DEDICATED
TO O'CONNELL'S MEMORY
Rah, who mh.
Zip, boom, ah.
Hip soo, rail soo,
Jimmy blow your bazoo.
* Ip si ki yi
Mission. . • ,
£**f-*3 HREB score feminine voices took
II up the shout and the halls of the
1 Mission High • School rang v with
JX their' cYles yesterday. The con
. certed efforts of a band of col
lege rooters at' an intercollegiate game
could not, compare with the volume of
sound that poured forth from the_throats
of the high • school maidens wrien their,
basket-ball team scored a goal. .
A subpoena ¦ was - : issued ¦ for the ¦ attend
ance, of St. Clair, but all the efforts r of
the police to find him have -failed. It Is
said >.the girl 'is in .'. a >. critical 'condition
from ,. the shock received ¦> by : St.. Clair's
disavowal of .-her acquaintance.
Th© case of Joseph Fv Bonacina, pro
prietor of : the Grand Southern Hotel,
Seventh and Mission streets, charged with
; exhibiting 1 a deadly and carrying
one : concealed, ; was ' dismissed by Judge
Mogan yesterday. , J "..'•'
: Bonacina's daughter had, "as she
thought; become engaged - to , Richard St.
Clair,'. a clerk in the . branch office of ¦ the
Pacific . Mutual - Life Insurance Company,
and a week ! ago • yesterday she procured
a marriage license and she and her father
went to the branch' office to see | St." Clair
and compel \ him . to : marry the : girl. St.
Clair. denied that he knew- her and dur
ing a ¦¦ scuffle Bonacina • pulled a revolver
from . his pocket and was arrested. •¦_. ;-•¦"-
Therefore Dismissed by
Judge Mogan.
Case Against Joseph F. Bonacina - Is
POLICE CANNOT FIND *
BICHAILD ST. d^AIR
Seniors. . Position. * Junior.
Mary Rigney.'. Goal Eileen Dunworth
Laura McCarthy Goal. ......Hazel Holbrook
Maud Whygam........ Goal .....Olive Boyle
Josephine O'Connor.. Guard........ Claire Seaton
Ada Johnson .1... Guard. Georgia Taylor
Alabel Lee .Guard ....Zita Fahey
Elizabeth Johnston (C.)..C ......Kelt Tabrett
Lottie Kilgore ..Center Hose Hizar
Substitutes— Nell Eckert, Grace Whittell,
Winifred Harney and Terese Raphael.
When one of the players made a par
ticularly clever play the maids on th©
side lines, yelled "Goody-good" and used
other strong adjectives to emphasize their
pleasure.
The senior team sported the cardinal,
while the juniors wore the blue. The par
tisans of each side displayed the colors of
their team and yelled encouragement with
the abandon of a lot of college "rooters."
Both teams showed good form and played
cleverly. Miss Augusta G. Kelly, a pop
ular teacher of thej school, had coached
the teams, and she was assigned the ardu
ous duties of referee. Armed with a po
lice whistle and attired in a natty pink
shirtwaist and golf skirt, the referee
made a pretty picture in th© center of the
combating; teams. Miss Cecelia Kelly, an
other expert, wore an automobile '6oat
and was armed with a book of rules. She
acted as umpire, and Miss Viola Van Or
den.was scorer. .
The teams were made up as follows:
Slx furlongs— B. G. Fox won. Grandma II
second, Eva Wilson third. Time, 1:15.
Seven furlongs — Fair Day won. The Bronze
Demon second, Ben OTallon third. Time,
1:28.
One mile— Annie Lauretta won. Fairy Dell
second. Filibuster third. Time, 1:41*4.
Latonia summary:
Six furlongs— Maydine won. Little Rita sec
ond, Marin Lynch third. Time, 1:18V£.
One mile— Long Flo- won, Janowood second,
Sprung third. Time, 1:46%. .
Five furlongs, HaroH stakes; net value,
$1100— Pentecost won, Andy Williams second,
Owenton third. Time, 1:04*4?,
;Fi\ - e furlongs — Brief won. Dr. Tarr eecond,
Alice Scorpion third. Time. 1:04%.
Five furlongs — Miss Charlie won. Lady
Brockway second. Corinne C - third. , Time,
1:04%.
ST. LOUIS, May 23.— Fair Grounds summary:
Six and ' a half furlongs, selling — Reducer
won, Ducassa 'second. Regatta third. Time,
1:21%. • ' ' ,
Five furlongs — Kaloma won. Father Wentker
second, Helen Print third. Time, 1:01 ',4.
One mile, celling — Deponan won. The Caxton
second, Mystery third. Time, 1:47%.
The Mississippi Valley selling sweepstakes;
purse J15C0, one mile— Blink won, Hilee sec
ond. Bo wen third. Time. 1:44.
One mile, selling — Colonel Gay won. Pan
Charm second, Joe Doughty third. Time, 1:46.
Six and a half furlongs, selling— Earn Lazarus
won. Quite Right second, Virgie d'Or third.
Time, 1.-23U.
TORONTO, Ont.. May 23.— The forty-first
annual spring meeting of the Ontario Jockey
Club began to-day. Summary:
Six furlongs — Sannarara won, Sprlngwells
Beoond. Mr. Jersey third. Time. 1:17. ••
Two year olds, half mile— Lady Patroness
won. Miss Lobster second, J. Patrick third.
Time, :53.
One mile and a half— Macklet won. Mystic
Shriner second. Interference third. Time, 2:55
Queen's plate, mile and a quarter— John Rus
kln won, Bell Court second, Fernstickle third.
Time, 2:18%.
Steeplechase, about two miles— Harvey Corby
won. Callfornian second, Daryl third. Time
4:51>4.
Six furlongs, celling— Teekla won, Edinburgh
second. Andrallls third. Time, l:lSVi.
CINCINNATI. May 23.— Manager Fowler an
nounced to-day that the Newport meeting-. will
continue Indefinitely and will run at least until
July 6. Summary:
Six furlongs— Uterp won. Mlr»s Redwood sec
ond. Corialis third. Time. 1:15K- *
Six t urloDBB— Gwynne won. - Young Henry
tecond. Prosit third. Time. 1:15*4.
Four and a half furlongs— Bud Embry .won,-
B&ccle eecond.* Tom Crabb third. Time,' :56Vx-
Four and a half furlongs— Hoodwink won.
Lysbeth second. Palmetto third. Time. :38 3-5.
fix furlongs, selUng— Rival Dare won, Joe
Martin eecond Ecome third. Time. 1:18.
Mile and twenty yards— Knlglit Banneret
won. Ida V second, El Caney third/ Time,
One mile. Belling— Hampshire won, Oxnard
cecond, Zacatosa third. Time, 1:48 1-5.
One mile, selling— Lamachus won. Refugee
eceocd, Patroon third. Time, 1:48 2-5.
One mile, selling— Give All won. Bright Night
second. Dan Cupid third. Time.' 1:13 4-5.
One mile, selling— Lucky Star won. Blue
Away second. Knight of the Garter third.
Five furlongs— Honolulu won, Velleda second.
OHapan third. Time. :59%.
The Eclipse, five and a half furlongs— Blue
Girl won, Saturday second. Whisky King third.
Time, 1:04%. ' „
The Belmont. mile and three-eighths—Com
mando. 126 <Spencer). 7 to JO, won; The Pa
rader. 126 (Landry). 7 to 5 and out. second ; All
Green. 126 (Shaw). 16 to 1 and 8. to 5, third.
Time, 2:2L
Jockey Club, mile and an eighth-Conroy
won. Blues second, Dr. Barlow third. Time.
hI'x furlongs— Ventoro won. Gold Lack sec
ond, Kart Kahler third. Time. l:15tf.
Six furlongs— Uledl won. Full Dress second,
Velma Clark third. Time, 1:1j%.
CHICAGO. May 23.— Summary:
NEW YORK, May 23.— Commando, the
eon of Domino, won the classic Belmont
stake at Moms Park to-day and stamped
himself the best three-year-old of recent
years. He was a strong favorite in the
betting at 7 to 10, made all the running
ana won galloping by two lengths in 2:2L
the track record for the distance. It was
the last day of the Westcnester Racing
Association's spring meeting, and a crowd
of at least 15,000 people was in attendance.
Only three horses went to the post for the
Belmont. Commando and The Parader both
opened at even money, the former being
backed to 7 to 10, while The Parader went
up to 7 to 5. All Green went begging at
15 to 1. They were sent off on the first
break to a good start, and Spencer took
Commando to the front and led by two
lengths up the backstretch. Going up the
hill The Parader moved up to him, and
they ran neck and neck around the far
turn. For a few jumps The Parader
showed in front, but it was only on suf
ferance, and when Spencer called on Com
mando at the head of the stretch he came
away and won easily. The Parader was
under the whip through the last furlong
in a fruitless effort to get up. All Green
was a bad third. Commando got an ova
tion when he returned to the scales. Sum
mary:
Chicago' ...: .....11 ,• -:10 •;' 3
Philadelphia 9 11 3
Batteries— Katoll, ; Harvey, Griffith and Sulli
van; Plank, Fraeer, Poweri and Murphy. . . ¦
NEW YORK, May 23.— By defeating Cincin
nati to-day at the Polo Grounds, the New York
baseball club resumed the lead in the National
League. IXiheny was hit hard in the opening,
but was invincible toward the end. Attendance,
9150. Score:
R. H. E.
Now York 8 16 4
Cincinnati 1 9 1
Batteries— Doheny and Bowerman, Newton
and Peitz. Umpire— Dwyer.
BROOKLYN, May 23.— Brooklyn was not in
it at any stage of the game with Chicago. Mc-
James pitched poor ball at the start and Chi
cago, with well-bunched hits, gained a lead of
six runs, which they never relinquished. At
tendance, 2400. Score: J
R. H. E.
Brooklyn 2 8 3
Chicago 9 10 0
Batteries— McJames and Farrell, Taylor and
Kling. Umpire— Emslle. -
BOSTON, May 23.— Boston won by bunching
hits in the first and third innings of to-day's
game. Attendance, , 1500. _ Score:
, R. H. E.
Boston 7 6 ; 2
Pittsburg : 3 10 1
Batteries— Pittinger and Moran, Chesbro and
O'Connor. Umpire— O" Day.
PHILADELPHIA, May 23.— St. Louis de
feated the locals to-day in the first game of
the eeries. In the ninth Inning the visitors, by
a mighty batting rally, knocked out eight hits
and scored seven runs. Attendance, 2SS3. Score:
St. Louis 10 '18* 4<
Philadelhpla ...6 4 i;
. Batteries— Harper, Powell and Nichols; Dug
globy and Douglass. Umpire— Nash. . .
LEAGUE. V SV i'
CLEVELAND, May 23.— Cleveland won out
an almost hopeless game by a batting rally In
the ninth inning. Attendance, 1250. Score: .
R. . H. E.
Cleveland 14 19 4
Washington .......13 14 f 2
Batteries— Hoffer and Woods; Pa tton, Lee and
Grady. . . . * .. :; 7 ie /
DETROIT, May 23.— After scoring one run in
the lirst inning on errors by Casey and Buelow,
Boston bunched two doubles and a single,' in
the fifth inning and scored two more. Then, In.
the eighth; Hemphlll scored on Freeman's fly
to Barrett. Attendance, 3373. Score:
R. H. E.
Detroit 2 ; 6 v 't4
Boston ¦ ..4 6 4
Batteries— Cronln and Buelow, Young and
Schreck.
CHICAGO. May 23.— The home ; team won an
exciting, though poorly played game from
Philadelphia. Attendance, 2800. Score:
/ ' R. II. E.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
Leads National League.
EASTERN BASEBALL GAMES.
New York Defeats Cincinnati- and
Young Ladies of Mission High School Par
' ticipate in a Close Contest.
fij-rf-^HE atmosphere of the Olympic
I Club last night during the 'second
1 and final installation of the boxing
ii. . tournament was free from squalls
on the -outside- of .-the ring, but
"stormy and choppy within the ropes. A
larger crowd gathered to see the finals,
and the sport was of better quality than
on the night preceding. Ed Smith of the
Reliance Club acted as referee, neither of
the belligerents, J. B. Smith or President
Greer Harrison, being. in evidence.
As a chief 'morsel the Snailham-Hag
gerty match for the 115-pound champion
ship was preserved until' the last. It went
the three full rounds, but Snailham's
rooster action and spiral arm twists were
too much for scissor-like Haggerty, so
Greggains' pet will wear another medal
on his chest. All Haggerty will have to
wear Is his clothes.
W. J. Leonard and Danny Danziger,
both of the Olympic Club, fought it out
for the 125-pound honors. For two rounds
Danziger set the pace and scored a slight
advantage. Then Leonard broke loose,
and when the .gong sounded the end of the
fistic embroglio Danziger was beginning
to see strange lights and hear strange
sounds. These two fought before, Dan-
SENIORS BEAT JUNIORS
IN A BASKET-BALL GAME
ziger leaving the building with the pec
toral adornment.
James Pallas of the South End Rowing
Club and Mat Breen of the Olympic v Club
came together for the welter-weight med
al. In the first round Breen was knocked
down twice, the last time remaining on
his knees after ten had been' counted. •
Harry Foley of the Ariel Rowing Club
brought William Kelly to terms in the
third round j of the middle-weight finals.
He placed a stiff right four times in suc
cession on Kelly's chin, and the i latter
forgot to get up when the referee had
done with his arm-swinging.
Then came the 168-pound class, which C.
Mllward of the Olympic Club won from
Charles Gallavin of the Pacific Athletic
Club. Milward got the decision.
Hammer and tongs was the heavy
weight fight between Joseph Millet of the
San Francisco Athletic Club and Gus Mac-
Intyre of the Olympic Club. Millet seemed
to be in bad siiape during a part of the
second round and Maclntyre accordingly
grew gay. Then , something happened to
him. A right-nand smash of Millet— the
mallet landed on his chin. The referee
did not even take time to count, and the
crowd knew that the question of revival
was one of minutes, not seconds. Macln
tyre came out of the land where con
sciousness is at a premium only after the
most careful attention by Chief Resuscl
tator Lean and twelve seconds.
Windup of the Olympic Club Boxing Tourna
ment Productive of Hot Contests.
FINALS PRODUCE SPORT
THAT PLEASES THE CROWD
OAKLAND EACETHACK-Thursday,
May 23. 1901.— Weather fine. Track
fast. :-..:-
24SS. FIRST RACE— Futurity course; sell
ing; four-year-olfls and up; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, " Jockey. St. V>. Str. Fin.
2171 GUssando.-4, lll.Alxandr 3 3 4 1 % 1 1
24S7 Ulo Chico. 5, 114... Collis 2 4 2 3 »<j 2 1
2445 Exped'nt, 4, lll.Burlngm e 6 4^31
2445 Kickumbob, 4, lll.Russll 1 5 n 6 4 h
2447 Sweet Voice, 4, 109. Hoar 5 1 n 2 1 5 3
2473 Jerid, 5. 117 Shields 4 2 1 5 1 6
Time— To U. :21; to %, :-l6i£; last %, 1:01:
short %. 1:1214. Perfect start. Won handily.
Second and third driving. Winner. J. Naglee
Burk's b. g. by imp. Foul Shot-imp. Berna.
Jerid stopped to a walk. Gltssando outsprinted
Rio Chico. Too short for Expedient. Sweet
Voice had early speed. Scratched— Hilary 111.
Senator Matts 114, Galene 109.
Betting-Glissando, 11-5; Rio Chico, 5; Ex
pedient. 15; Kickumbob, 20; Sweet Voice, 100;
Jerid. 1.
24SO. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purgft, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St >A Str. Fin.
24G5 Mike Strauss, 4, 119. Hoar 3 l"n 13 1 %
2473 El Mldo. 5. 121 Ruiz 2 4 H 4 3 2 4
2404 Irate, 3, 98....Fauntlercy 4 3 2 3 *£ 3 %
24S2 Scr. Lake, 3, 95... Stuart 12 4 2 n 4 6
2171 Homestake, a, lOS.Meadr 5 5^66 54
2456 Darlene. 3, 106.Alexander 6 6 1 5 2 6 6
2438 The BufTn. 4. IW.Sullvn 7 7 % 7 7
2*71 March Seven, 4, 107. Prior 8 8 Bled
Time— tt. :24%; :49; %, lilS^. Good start
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. W. E. Cotton's br. g. by Iroquois-Gypsy.
Strauss had all the speed. El Mldo found it
a trifle too short. ScreenweU Lake showed
improvement.
Betting— Mike Strauss, 6-5; El Mido, 16-5;
Irate, 8; Screenwell Lake, 5; Homestake, 300;
Darlene, 30; The Buffoon, 16; March Seven, 50.
2400. THIRD RACE— Five and a half fur
longs; two-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(246b) Carlo. 113 Russell 5 2 1% 1 3 12
2472 Achilles. US Ruiz 6 3% 23 2 2
2468 Dandy. 113 Tullett 2 5 4 3 M 3 h
2468 Royalty. 110....Bassinger 7 6 5 143
(i'429)Yellow6tone, 113.Alexndr 1 1 h 4^58
2466 Remele, 106..Burllngame 3 42 6 6
2468 Huachuca. 113.. ....Collis 4 Pulled up
Time— 3-16, :1SU; U, :23%; %, :uQ*A; 5%f, 1:09*4.
Good start : except Huachuca. * Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, W. M.
Murry's ch. c. by St. Carlo-Moonlight. Carlo
had worked well and ran to it. Achilles ab-«
sent. Dandy ran his race. Yellowstone quit.
Collis on Huachuca pulled up.
Betting— Carlo. 11-5; Achilles, 2; Dandy, 60;
Royalty, 9-2; Yellowstone, 15; Remele, 100;
Huachuca, 1S-5.
2491. FOURTH RACE-Five and a half fur-
Jongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
C469)Jim Hale. 107 Collis 5 4 2 3 5 In
2434 Rio de Altar. 110. Alxndr 3 2 1 2n 2 \i
<2476)Garln Brown. 107.Bassgx 115 11 3 12
2476 Matilda O, lOo.Pendergst 4 5 4 4 1,41
2476 Lief Prince, 105 Hoar 6 6 h 5 3 5 4
2159 Scallywag, 107... .Russell 2 3 1 6 1 6 J4
.... Ravino.. 105 Fogg 7 8 7 17 2
2332 Cavanaugh. 102..Tamplin 8 7 10 8 8
Time— 3-16, :1S%; M. :23%: V 2 , :50; 5V£f. 1:0854.
Bad ttart. Won first three driving. Winner,
W. L. Stanfield's b. g. by imp. Piccolo-Rillito.
Gaylon Brown beat the Kate. Jim Hale much
the best. Lief Prince won't do. Scratched—
Cora Goetz 100, Catherine Bravo 105.
Betting— Jim Hale. 9-10; Rio de Altar, 9-5;
Gaylon Brown, 30; Matilda O, 100; Lief Prince,
10; Scallywag, 10; Ravino, 200; Cavanaugh, 300.
2492. FIFTH RACE-Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $300. '
Icdex, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %.• Str. Fin.
2431 Vantine, 4, 107.... Russell 7 7 - 5 1 • 1 na
(247S)Mocorito. 6. 103.Basslngr 3 2 h 3 1 2 ns
(2451)Vaiencienne, a, 10'J. Collis 5 6 1 24 31
2476 Dang. Maid, 4, lO'.Alxdr 6 4 n 4 »i 4 1
(21S5) Midlove. 5, 109....Tullett 2 11 In 5 2
24S5 Flatterer, 3. 100 Hoar 4 6 1 6 2 6 6
2431 Tiburon. 5, 106.Burlngm 13 3 7 7
Time— 14, :24%; %. :4S%; %, 1:14%.. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, G. \V. Snider & Co.'s ch. in. by imp.
Anchorite- Vestina. ' Russell on Vantine tried
one of his famous cushion caroms, and the
book won. Jlocorito had no excused .Valen
cienne couldn't get up. Midlove quit. Flat
terer didn't have his speed with him. Scratched
— Sybaris 106, Princess Titania 95.
Betting— Vantine, 15; Mocorito, 7-2; Valen
clenne, 9-5; Dangerous Maid, 13-5; Midlove, 15;
Flatterer. 15; Tiburon, 30.
U493. SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling; four
year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. Vt. Str. Fin.
(54C3)Hagrerdon, 4. 109... .Collis 1 15 15 lh
(J457)R. Shannon, 4, 112.Sullvn 2 2 3 2 2 2 4
24S0 Goldone. 4, H2.Baeslnger 3 3 6 3 4 3 5
2457 Wyoming, a. 113. Russell 4 4 3 4 3 4 3
(2467)Gauntlet, 5, 116...Tullett 5 5 5 5
Time— >4. :24%; H. :«; %, 1:14%; mile, 1:41.
Fair start. "Won first three driving. Winner,
H. L. Frank's b. g. by imp. Esher-Lady Rich
mond. Sullivan on Shannon had no excuses for
not beating Hagerdon from the paddock home.
Goldone can do better. So can Wyoming.
Scratched— Horton 116.
Betting — Hagerdon, 1; Rio Shannon, 9;
Goldone, 5-2; Wyoming, 5; Gauntlet, 30.
To Make Uniform Rules.
PARIS, May 23.— The Olympian games
committee met at the Automobile Club
this morning to discuss a proposal sub
mitted by I. P. Sheldon of Yale in behalf
of the Athletic Union of America, that
the committee draw up international rule3
for athletic contests, to do away with the
existing diversity in various countries and
associations. The committee decided to
take the matter under consideration.
COMMANDO WINS THE BELMONT 5TAKE
Third race— Byron Rose, True Blue, Ralston.
Fourth race— Murela, B. C. Greene, You You.
Fifth race— The Fretter, Yellowtail, Beau
Ormonde.
Sixth race— Cromwell, Lena. Pat Morrissey.
Elxth race — Seven furlongs; 4-year-olds and
up; felling:.
£463 Lena. 113 2478 Cromwell 114
2473 Foul Play 107 (24S9)Mlke Strauss. ..109
2479 Alee ...109 2431 High Hoe 109
2487 Alicia. 109 2478 Fiamero ill
2487 Pat Morrissey.Ul (2486)Oetler Joe 114
U45«) UcAlbert Ill 2489 The Buffoon ..109
Probable winners.
Firat race— Rey Dare. Master Cal, Parader.
Second race— Botany, Big M&eeie. . Fred At
terbury.
Fifth race— One mile; 3-year-olds and up;
handicap.
Z4S7 Sunello 82 (246E)YellowtalI 120
2463 Beau Ormonde.104 2448 Rosormonde ...106
2463 The Fretter 122 2463 Mission S3
2393 Snips 90 "
l'curtli race— Four furlongs; maiden. 2-year
olds; purse.
1164 Dan Collins ...10S 2464 Shell Mount. ...113
£466 Lady Carlo 108 2464 Gypsy Boy IIS
2449 Flattered 10S 2466 B. C. Greene.. .111
2452 Prectene 10S 2466 You You 10S
2477 Hon. P.Sterlng.lll 2464 Cayenne Pep'r.115
13t3 Murcla. 115 2464 Wand'ring Boy.lll
Ten bookmakers made weight, but ow
ing to the illness of Caesar Young, one
on the list was missing.
Some few in the crowd did not like the
Etart in the fourth event. Accidents will
happen in the best of regulated families
and the starter tendered no apologies.
To-T>ay's Entries.
F*irrt race — One mile and seventy yards; 3
ycar-olds a.nd up; sellirc
24S3 Master Cal ....107 (24Sl)Harry Thatchr.113
24C2 Flrellgrht II ...113 2446 Carlortngian ..107
2»&« First Shot 113 £474 Quibo 107
<24S3)Rey Dare 107 24E1 Parader 115
1470 Kvlr&to 115 2474 Frank Duffy ..113
Second race^-Four furlongs ; maiden 2-year
clds; purse.
:4S4 Bis Massie ....US 2«4 Pheny L 115
2464 St. Sever 115 2449 Fred Atterbury.108
f42» Resin US r484 Lillie Dale v ..115
i«2S Priam 10S 2279 Cousin Sue /...IIS
2477 Lento Ill 2119 Juros 115
2464 Knocking* 10S 2466 Botany 108
1SC5 Marello IIS
Third race — Five ana a half furlongs; 3-y«4r
olrfs and up; purse.
24.15 Ralston 12 2476 Cora Goets ....105
U57 Limb of Law.. 107 2057 Emile Zola. ....122
24t>5 Aurora B 120 1248 Sea Spray 122
2344 Homage 105 iC5 Monda 122
2485 J. Richeliu, Jr.lO.i 2374 Spry Lark 120
2443 Byron Rose ....107 1S20 True Blue 122
2482 I Don't Know..li2l
Track Notes.
RACING was resumed by the Cali
fornia Jockey Club at Oakland
track yesterday before the usual
crowd of racegoers. The track
. was fast and favorites captured
three of the six events decided. F. 12.
Mulholland replaced Jake Holtman as
Etarter, and with one exception his work
was uo to the average.
The sport opened with a sprint over the
Futurity course, for which Jerld. ridden
by llenrr Shields, ruled an even money
choice. The chestnut horse did his best
tor a time, then faded away to nothing.
Glissacdo assumed the lead in the stretch,
beating out Rio Chico a length. .
Hoar had the mount on Mike Strauss,
favorite for the six-furlong run that fol
lowed acd won all the way. Ruiz on El
Mido arrived in time to down Irate four
lengths for the place. Screenwell Lake
was probably afraid to drop into better
than fourth position.
Once in a -while, when the coin Is down
right, "Chub" Russell does put up a good
ride, but the Judges have certainly stood
for his coarse work a long time. He had
the mount on Carlo, which closed a slight
favorite over Achilles for the live and a
half furlong dash for two-year-olds and,
riding an excellent race, wpn easily from
the first choice. Daady, a CO to 1 shot,
ran third. Ccllis. who had a world of
trouble around the California circuit,
obligingly pulled up Huachuca.
Fortune favored Jim Hale, favorite for
the rive and a half furlong scramble fol
lowing, and only for a streak of good luck
he would never have won. Bassinger on
the 40 to 1 shot Gaylon Brown succeeded
in bea-ting the barrier after an extended
delay, caused by the unruly actions of
Rio de Altar, but his mount could not
last out. Collis brought Hale up just in
time to beat Rio de Altar a neck on the
wire.
Three noses on the wiie marked the fin
ish of the sprint next decided. Valen
cienne, piloted by Collis, ruled favorite,
and after striking the stretch second to
Midlove was placed third to Vantine and
Mocorito in the closest fit of the dav.
Russell rode the winning mare, which was
bet on by his clique.
On the ferry-boat home some very tart
remarks were made over the result of
the closing: mile run, taken by Hagerdon,
the favorite. Sullivan's ride on Rio Shan
r.on, the second horse, beaten but a neck,
came in for caustic comment, and it must
be admitted that the rider's effort was
6imply shameful. Basslnger's piloting of
Goldone was no better.
THREE CHOICES FINISH
FIRST AT OAKLAND
• . ¦ » — . .
Gay Ion Brown Fails to Win After Beating
the Gate-=Hagerdon Scores Again.
Runs, responsible for — Evans 3, Stricklett 4.
Home runs— Croll, Krugr, Courtney. Three
base hit— Stricklett. Two-base hit, Croll. Sac
rifice hit-rNordyke. First base on errors —
Sacramento 3, Sa.n Francisco 3. First base on
balls— Off Evans 6, oft Stricklett 2. Left on
bases— San Francisco 8, Sacramento 8. Struck
out— By Evans 3,- by Stricklett 6. Double play
—Stricklett to Hanlon. Wild pitch— Evans.
Time of game— 1:50. Umpire— Iburg. Official
scorer — Rutherford.
SUMMARY.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Hildebrand, If 5 1 1 0 3 1 0
Schwartz. 2b 6 13 0 2 12
Krug. ss 5 1 1 1 6.4 1
Pabst, rr. 3 1 0 0—2 0 0
Nordyke, lb 4 110 6 10
Croll, cf 4 2 3 0 4 0 0
Graham, c 4 0 2 0 6 2 1
Reilly. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 10
Evans, p 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 38 7 11 1 27 10 ~4
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R, BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, ss 4 2 2 2 10 1
McLaughlin. If 5 0 0 0 3 0 0
Courtney, 2b 4 13 0 12 0
Doyle, rf 4 1 1 0 0 0 0
McGucken. cf 6 0 1 0 5 0 1
Hanlon, lb 3 10 1 7-0 0
Stanley, c ...2 0 0 1 7 0 0
Sheehan, 3b 4 0 0 0 1 1 1
Stricklett, p 4 1 "Z 0 1 6 0
Totals 35 8 9 4 26 9 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco.. 4 0 10 0 0 0 11 7
Base hits 4 0 110 1 0 2 2— 11
Sacramento 1 10021100—6
Base hits 2 1013100 1—9
SAN FRANCISCO.
SACRAMENl^, May 23.— With ten men
in the field to-uay, Iburg officiating as
umpire in the absence of O'Connell, San
Francisco won by a score of 7 to 6. Evans
officiated in the box for San Francisco
ana Stricklett for Sacramento, and both
were hit haru and often. Score: • ! — ¦ —
Local Nine Gets the Game on the
Capital Grounds.
Runs responsible for— Jones. 2. Two-bas« hits
— Spies, Dunleavy, Francks 2, Jones. Sacrifice
hits— Dunlea\-y, Lohman. First -base on errors
—Los Angeles 1, Oakland 0. First base • on
called balls— Los Angeles 2, Oakland 1. Left on
bases— Los Angeles 6, Oakland 3. Struck out—
By Jones 3. Hit by pitcher— C. Reilly. Double
plays— Moskiman to Decker, Briseno to Kelly
to Hutchinson, Francks to Arrellanes to Deck
er. Time of game— 1 hour 35 minutes. ' Umpire—
Donohue. Official scorei*-McFarltn.
» .
SAN FRANCISCO THE WZNITER.
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 10 0 0 0 0—1
Ease hits 1 10 10 0 11 2—7
Oakland ....: o 0 0 0 2 1 0 0 *— 3
Base hits * o 1- 1 0 3 2 0 0 " *— 7
Total 28 3 7 1 27 15 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, r. f 3 0 0 10 0 0
: Kelly, ss ,. .3 0 0 0 3 5 0
Hutchlnson, Id 4 0 1 0 11 0 0
Householder, c. f.... 4 0 102 00
Spies, c 4 1 1' 0 '4 0 1
C. Reilly, 3 b 3 0 10 2 10
Bowman, 1. f... 4 0 2 0 110
Briseno, 2 b.... 4 0 0 0 16 0
Jones, p S 0 1 0 0 2 0
Total 32 17 1 24 15 ~1
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. t 4 0 1 0 a 0 0
Strelb, r. t 4 0 0 0 3 10
Decker, lb 4 0 0 0 10 0 0
Arrellanes, 2 b 4 0 113 4 0
Dunleavy, 1. f.. 2 110 10 0
Francks. ss 3 12 0 6 6 1
Moore, 3 b 2 0 0 0 0 2 0
Lohman, c 2 .1 2 0,0 0 1
Moskiman, p 3 0.0 0' 2 2 0
LOS ANGELES,
The fielding: throughout the game was
good, but not sensational. Brockhoff mis
judged a couple of flies and Arrellanes
lost control of his top piece in a critical
moment. Both pitchers twirled in good
form, but in the fifth and sixth innings
Jones suffered a slight bunching of safe
ones. The score:
In the fifth Oakland was lucky, Francks
and Lohman scoring, chiefly on a poor
decision by Donohue. In the sixth Dun
leavy rolled out a 'two-bagger and scored
on Francks' two -bagger.
Several weeks have elapsed since the
Los Angeles team has played on a local
diamond and the home fanatics have been
hungry for a sight of the nine orangemen
who did so well the last time up. They
did fairly well yesterday, but were not
lucky, nor did they find Moskiman with
any surety or frequency. The change in
the make-up puts Briseno, the new in
fielder, at second and Brockhoff in the
field. Oakland has at last reached solidi
fication and presented yesterday a better
personnel than at any other time this sea
son.
* Oakland 3, Los Angsles 1.
Many Double Plays and De
cisions of the Umpire
Were Features.
Hitting, Marks the
Opening Event.
Close Game, With Little
DUDES WIN FROM
UNHAPPY ANGELS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 24, 1901.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
7
AMUSEMENTS. »
EVENINGS AT 8. ":
/ SATURDAY MATINEE AT 2.'
GREAT TOY MATINEE SATURDAY,
EVERT CHILD WILL BE PRESENTED
WITH A SOUVENIR TOT ATTENDING
THE . > :
' POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c
Telephone— Bush 9. --.. 'V
A NEW BILL*
Al Leach and the Three Rosebuds,
Grace Van Studdiford, Genaro and
Bailey, I*e-w Sully, Burton and
Brooks, Bison City Quartet, Bio-
graph, and James O. Barrows, John
Lancaster and Company.
Reserved Seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
MATINEES
WEDNESDAT. SATURDAT and SUNDAT.
f*fll UlUiOl A SAH FRANCISCO'S
W U LU IWI D 1 M LEADING THEATEE
Every Night This Week Except Sunday.
i MATINEE SATURDAT. .
HENRY MILLER
And a Strong Supporting Company!
Presenting the Romantic Success.
HEARTSEASE.
« Beginning Next Monday, .
Oscar Wilde's Trivial Comedy for Serious People.
"The Importance of Being Earnest."
Henry Miller and. a Splendid 'Cast.
Seats Now Ready— Matinees Next Week on
Thursday and Saturday. t
: ,_ . . ' _.. - .. j* ,
MATINEE TO-MORROW— TO-NIGHT. .
MR. JAMBS NEILL
-— And the NEILL COMPANT.
THIS WEEK,
....LAST TIMES;...
BARBARA FRIETGHIE.
Evening.... 23c, 35c, 50c, 73c. $1.00
Saturday Matinee ." 23c, 50c, 75c-
Bargain Matinee Thursdays
25c and 5Oc.
Sunday Evening, May 26 — Presenting ' for the
first time in the West highly successful
drama of adventure, ."PHROSO."
RACING! RACING! RACING!
* SPRING MEETING— Opening April 29.,
CALIFORNIA 3OCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday. Tuesday. Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more ¦ races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12-ft) 1. 1:30, 2, 2:30 and, 3 p. m..- connecting
with trains etoppin* a** the entrance to the
track. Last " two - cars on train reserved ' for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell ¦> Moundr" All trains via
Oakland mole connect . •with San Pablo avenue
electric • cars at •¦ Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land Also all ¦ trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, -Oakland. These electric . cars
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. v m. and immediately after the last race.
' THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
. R. B. MILROT. Secretary." , 1 - ¦
CHUTES AND^ZOO 7^^
big Vaudeville bill.
TO-MORROW NIGHT— CAKE WALK.
AH^CHOT AND SUET' WONG
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN'S PICKANINNIES.
Commencing STJNDAT. ¦/ .•-*. » .
/ . THE FLYING JORDANS.
, . tTelephone Jfor Seats— Park 23. .
Weekly Call, $1 per Tear
TSE EMPOBJITBL | TSB EMPORIUM. | THE EMPOIUTJM. | THB EMPORIUM. ,
| $1.25 to $2.25 Novelty Silks, To- Day 37c. J
*f Another of the big store's astonishing silk sales for Friday Ofttym: A special purchase of about 2500 yards of rich novelty silk in new designs and splendid J*
§ color assortments. In lengths ranging from 15 to 30 yards, silks worth up to £2.25 per yard will be sold for Blfffity—SBVen 'Jt
Q cents* The collection includes iancy stripes in open work and fancy effects; print warps and jacquard figured Louisine; also a few iancy &£7ff** «
*? black silks; shirt waist, street or evening dresssilks,^ that regularly retail at #1.25, $ 1. 50, $1.75; $2.00 and $2.25 per yard; to-da? ; only %J m %& '. jj
f Eiitiep Sale. $t@ B SO Tmilor Suit $12.5®. s^et music 1 7c. $
§ The best Creamery/Butter, regular s'ze The New Belted ECon Style, like picture, plain or y^Hl 4^^ " SOC *
Si squares, tO-day and Saturday, if trimmeJ, with' a neat, very narrow b'ack^and gold braid, made of \{l/jr®$! SKzhl . safe^o^iiyon'r "* %^ y 17C •*
h supply lasts, per square - O% ffft - aU - w ° o1 Venetian of good quality, in tan, brown', navy and black; ML jg Among the tit'es of the "above 'mue'e an- - «
a? B^£Jf^ Jack " h S ' k lmcd and the $ki " Whh g °° d pCTCa ine; n ° bctter Mamma's China Kns; It I Only Had a "I
$ •'". ' " -..wil :» sod around town .at JiS.co; «e have soM th:s new _ drr» at <^«§JSk Dollar of iMy Own; Veronica by Lorine; Th= I«
h Limit 3 SqUtreS tO a CUStamr. ? l6 1 0 ' b . Ut ? C : S P CCi * 1 ,r FriJa y and &'B9> Kfil A^^\ Honeysuckle and the B«; McKin'ey March %
% • ' P • ' • Saturday, in all s:zei, W iU be.. /\ rT and Two-Step; The Darky's Picnic, CakewaUc; §
i° $*3 SO Shnpns &2* $1.00 Shirt Waists 69c — Newest striped gingham waists, f/\ ° 1/ Sf 3 " Forever » M«h; Carolina March and
% 9^'9U.^a^B3 &f<"*S spk'ndii patterns, all the n.wjdcas in cuffi, front and back, ai \\ " V- It rZ ? l^ Grin's Cakcwa-k Son g; aai *
K We found that a'rout lodoz. « z 8, regularly $i.oo; Friday «d Saturday..?. ... AViW Tommy, the latest Extern succ«s. %
& f^^ivA P 3I « or ladies nne tan wiliow calt * &Ss^G *r HfS'Kf" ~f* "'
H \ M\ . we: c slightly imperfect; There $:9-50— Assorted lot of 200 . of the newest Eton Dresses, tome - * . This fancy braid straw' i^^?\ 1*
«£¦'"¦ 1 were one or two spots w.th and iome without vest eftvets, in all Jthe new colors and II walking hat- draned j^T^\ _ X
S, / //(^^^ upon each pair that look sty'es of cloths; many of these are samp'e model dressis, . mads in // dotted ba A ' yj^fe^^^S*^^ -J
2° P» l/l'r*^' a5 ihou & were the highest manner; a' so in aU-silk lined, belted Eton pebb!e cheviot; // Ureain at Si -0"%- * °?
Jf % madeb/ a draa of water. navy and black; all sires; regularly $22.50 /£#£> ESg% ¦ J U dav and Sa'urdav'onlv" l§fe' JiSS *
§ V3i^§^ Wecalledthe to i 30; all at one price Friday and Saturday. j» B&.OU /L^^K .^S at I'l"' W^ i
«? VJr* 5^. >^*>v. maker's attcn- $L25 Wrappsrs 83c— New lawn light-colored Wrap- '^-^/ \ %. 3UC * «r W ' %'.
iK ¦ -^ b ' on t0 th J 8 pers and soft-finished percales in dark colon; all have' lined waists, f I \^) $3.50 White Chiffon tV"^ J «
l mlustmc^^ I ¦• Hat ? 2 ; 2^ A 1 Chann ; JfeS I'
5 liberal allowance. These are splendid shors, *.T •¦* »atu«ay U tfly - y^" mg hat with plenty of «J$ft%.^ J'
llrff^l^gSi?! Undermuslin >l Cut Glass 17c. WMM^B^^$
| widths; the- regu'ar ggf^jjgj fe-SO ' SpBCISlS. G^uine rich cut &£ Pepper or ! Sf 7 $2.25 *
S HThV Sre wilfvf r ' Jfe^_J^ This Chemise 65C- Sit, with heavy platedTrew -4«l . Children's" $5.66' frinimed' ttS. %JSZ. $
* lasts, tte D.g s.ore s=a —— .JSp^ffi^| Either lawn or cambric topsj very clear crystal Mfm ™7 fashionable Une of children's trimmed 3f«
I themar &*Z*&B mwllS$m skirt chemi8e 5 hce a 2 d findy CUt; Ch ° lce && fflMi haieachisadaintybhoftrtlnbelf. and .«
BJEmaomr^tR l&sangaB* ff£?*» dimmed; tucked ruffle; of two pretty shapes; /&££$>. g SR JflSl aU of the nicest materials; regularly «s oo- "5
* ffursas shapes i&ss, lff/|f|f|r ncw > ci« n » cut » e P ecial 8a!c d *y%SM&lmm ' >?™* ™*j »^ L^L %
§ A small lot of Hurd's kid-finish- Writing Paper '/||))jl/ well made goods, regu- only; each only $2mOU *¦
a? with envelopes to match; comm-rcial an i / .1 lar -y oo each; . to- _ S^^^'jj |V / '» Ladies' Trimmed ttiis, $5.00, $8.00 and **
*? A'cxis sires; in silver gray, heliotrops and . hf -» " '-* day only gggS*m ' . mG M^JjjJ/ $10.00 — The very best; the Wry latest and \r
ft cream tints; rrgu'ar price 25c and 30c per f///] ft •"¦" OS9O - ,; ; ».'S most stylish creations we have had; these are S
jf quire; special price to-day t • Choice of two fine o ¦ - -•" ¦ • all new, fresh from our own work roona, and S
K Writing Paper, per qu.re 15 G /fflfgTn T\ K\ Cambric Gowns — One SpOOttS BtttB FOfifS we know that only the choicest is In them; C '
ft Envelop^ to match, pack.. .ISO W// f W | « I all tuck, and lace in- -»«•.«#»**.# «-»#«' toecial value for Friday and Saturday. ...... jf i
* B S ~~5Z^«| yoke; lace on » OpOGiat 03/©. $5.OO, $8.OO and $10,00 9\
£ LtSgUOt 0 <OpOCBatSa cuffj and neck; the A smaU lot of triple-plated on white metal, ~ — — ?'
g Amzricai Club Whiskey— Regu'arly « Z _ 5O a other fine tucked ncw tty i c vo k e> tucked Teasp3ons, Tablespoo-s and Forksi a pretty "iCitlO SpGCiQliSm x
IS gallon; special Friday and Saturday. $/. ffg embroidery ruffle on edge of yoke, tucki and beaded pattern; to-day only; while quantity Sardinei— Friday and Saturday 3 tin 8 24O *
•? Wood Alcohol— Quarts, regularly 40c a bof lc; embroidery on cufEs; wash tilk ribbon around lasts 1 Deviled Ham ¦— Libby'i, and J
* Friday and Saturday. 32O neck; these gowns always sold for Jl.50; Teaspoons; set of 6 - .....43O Saturday .......' 2 tins 7o X
* Brown's Cele-y Phosphate— j£-gallon bot- special to-day only (a to a cus- # 0%B Tablespoons; set of 6 O6c Ripe Olives — Regularly 45c "<jnart, Fridav and M
£ fe", r.-gularly $1.25; Friday and Satur- tomer), each .." ........ 9f.Um9 Table F^rks; ;ct of 6 .Q6O Saturday ...,20O 5
* day • ...$1*O5 ' m-,.—^ rug" MB. »?*lfc_ itBii itJUl'l MM M fc^> g Van Camp's Soups — Friday and Saturday. jf
If ]op:d Embroidered Handkerchiefs; gjjj§j **" .flfraw^l ffWal 2O ° {^ ozen ycT 7 pretty Embroidersd Jf
j^ fine qualities and dainty patterns; ||» P^^T* fl *M 1SX» R flft "^ White Over Collars; 14 styles se- j$
K som: of our most desirable 25c ' W* VOIfl^fl BCtlB^ IM&ZAAH* ' lected from our most popular 25c '£
j£ values; special Friday only.. $&& CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE sellers; special Friday, each. .fQC *
AXJJSEJvrerKrrn
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
Magnificent Production of the Great Melodrama.
SHADOWS ° A F
GREAT- CITY.'
Elaborate Scenic Features— Startling Effects.
SPECIALTIES BT THE CLEVER LITTLE
BENNETT SISTERS.
PDIfpC Evenings ....10c. 15c. 25c. 35c. 50e
IBlbLJ Matinees lCc. 15c. 25o
Next Week— The- Powerful Melodrama
"THE WAR OF WEALTH."
OPIAND' OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND STJNDAT.
Last Two Nights of the Sensational Drama.
THEQUEEN Of
CHINATOWN.
PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c, 50c A few Seats 73c
NEXT WEEK.
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL
IN
•'CLEOPATRA."
Advance Sale Enormous. Secure Seats Early.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT. "
. FARCE AND TRAGEDT!
TO-NIGHT at 8 sharp,
¦The Comic Play.
"GLORIANA.?
At ,9:45,
Francis Powers' Chinese Tragedy,
"THE FIRST BORN."
v BASEBALL.
LOS ANCELES ys OAKLAND.
Thursday and Friday, "Ladies* Days,"
at 3 tig f>. m.
RECREATION PARK,
: Eighth . and Harrison streets.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
v Open Daily From 7 a. m. to 11 pl m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c. CHILDREN 5c
: Bathing, including admission. 23c. Children. 20c.
FT^HHFR'S concert house.
riDlrH£ifl O Admission lOc.
Gladys Middleton. Carita. Carter Vnd Gerald.
Wm. McDonald, Augusta Salvini. Perry and
Lovell. Powers and Freed and others. »
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
...... . ; \
-PALACE HOTEL^
Visitors to San Ftandsco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
Joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequ^ied
cuisine. American and European plans
-GRAP HOTEL*' |
..--¦¦.•¦¦ t . ...... * ~~ t
mS*mD f^n vkv no ES*^te^ lfifi
Si B H r*5 5v?J Sal BS3 Q q £7vfChild, Killed by a Pall.
PHOENIX, Ariz., May 23.— Bessie Seip,
the eight-year-old daughter of Samuel
Seip, a local cigar manufacturer, fell from
the upper story of a bulldine in course of
construction and was crushed to death. -
SANTA CRUZ, May 23.— Charles A. No
ble, a graduate of the Santa Cruz High-
School and of the State University, has
been, granted the degree of. doctor or phi
losophy by the University of Goettiasen.
Germany.
Honor for Santa Cruz Student.
. PROMINENT REPUBLICANS' POR
TRAITS. Pages of them in the Wasp's
Presidential souvenir number. On sale at
all news stands. 25 cents. *
Delightful Ocean Trips.
Steamers Santa Rosa and Queen, sailing
every Sunday and Wednesday for San
Diego, stopping only at Santa Barbara and
Los Angeles ports. Improved service; low
rates. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palace Hotel.
TEMPERANCE ADVOCATES
WANT SALOONS CLOSED
Condition of Affairs in Santa Cras
V County Causes Renewal of the
. . . Discussion.
SANTA CRUZ, May 23.— The advocates
of temperance from every section, of the
county have been In convention here to
day at an anti-saloon league rally. The
saloon has by law been abolished in all
parts of the county outside of Santa Cruz
and "Watsonvllle. With a few exceptions
these saloons are open and the proprie
tors are running them as usual. All of the
saloon-keepers In Boulder. Felton. Ben
Lomond, Soquel, Capltola and Aptos were
arrested, but are out on ball and: awaiting
trial. Meanwhile their places of business
remain open.
The temperance people do not like this
turn of affairs, and Dr. B. S. Chapman,
president of the State Anti-Saloon
League, is here to devise means for the
better observance of the county law.
Wants Free Delivery of Mall.
VISALJA, May 23.— Busman Mitchell,
president of the Vlsalia Board of Trade,
announced to-day that he will have the
board prepare a petition to the Postmas
ter General asking for a free delivery of
mail In this city. The receipts at the Vi
salia Postoffice are much in excess of the
free delivery limit, and all that remains
to be done is to petition for the desired
privilege. •*> - v- * v,
Addresses at Students' Conference.
SANTA CRUZ, j May 23.— The Students*
Conference was augmented to-day by a
large delegation from Stanford University
and Capltola is livelier than ever. Dr.
Chapman has delivered several addresses.
and • to-day the Rev. Dwlght Potter of
Oakland was the principal speaker.
MANY CHINESE CROSS
* OTJB NORTHERN BORDER
American Immigration Commissioner
in Vancouver Beports on In
sufficiency of the Barriers.
VANCOUVER, B. C, May 23.— David E.
Healy, the American Immigration Com
missioner at this port, has just sent a re
port to Washington dealing with the num
ber of ' Orientals who are crossfng the
boundary line from Canada into the
States. The Commissioner has just re
turned from a visit to several places along
the border, and he says that the inspec
tion Is now so Incomplete that Chinese can
cross the line nearly anywhere between
the coast and Ryckerts, B. C, a distance
of 400 miles. At the Oriental Commission
In this city recently evidence was given
that very few of the Chinese who arrived
in Canada from the Orient went back the
same way they came, but all made for the
southern side oi the line. Commissioner
Healy thinks that, the year around, there
are a hundred Chinese every week who
unlawfully crosa the boundary line. ; .
Tacoma Greets the Ohioans.
. TACOMA, May 23.— The members of the
Ohio delegation in Congress were the
gueBts of Tacoma this forenoon. They
were greeted by members of the Ohio So
ciety, including Congressman Cushman
and other .prominent citizens. This after
noon the party left for Seattle.
Servant Shoots His Employer.
MERCED," May ; 23.— George "Adrain, "• a
grocery had a narrow escape from being
killed this evening by Walter Moran, a
servant in his household, In a dispute over
money due for wages. Moran shot his
employer In the neck, inflicting a severe
flesh wound. He was arrested.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B.-C, May 23.— Because
the survey of 1S59 was indifferently done
Canada has been occupying a piece of ter
ritory about seven miles wide through the
Mount Baker District, which has all this
time rightfully belonged to the United
States.
J. M. McArthur, the Canadian Commis
sioner, who will act with the American
Commission under J. B. Sinclair, arrived
her yesterday after' a short look over the
Mount Baker District. He says that the
result of the short survey made last fall
by the Canadian Goverrnment was to
show that the line should be some dis
tance north of where it has been supposed
for so long to be. There are half a dozen
large gold mines and many promising
claims now in the district and these will
all go to the American side.
When the survey was made in the early
days it was left incomplete because ! tho
country was rough. It was frequently
twenty miles .between posts and the lat
ter were placed wherever convenience
suggested, for^the surveyors then consid
ered that they were so far from civiliza
tion that it would never matter. Now the
whole line la to be renewed from the
western base to the main Rocky Moun
tains to the coast, and the Canadian Com
missioner thinks that the United States
will have decidedly the best of it. As it
now is, both Americans and Canadian
customs officers are claiming: property at
the boundary, and since the trouble last
autumn business has been at a stand
still. Professor Macoun. an eminent geolo
gist, will accompany the party through
the districts and the finished survey will
likely take in the- neighborhood of three
years to accomplish. • •• ¦' £
Canadian Commissioner
Talks of Mt. Baker
States.
, ' ¦. ¦•¦ ¦¦•.... . <•
?— — —
Disputed' Territory Will Be
Awarded the United
UNCLE SAM WILL
GAIN THE MINES
Special Dispatch to- The Ca.lL
CALL. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, May 23.-Instead of
belnjr assigned to duty In the United
States upon the expiration of their pres
ent leaves of absence Brigadier General
Fred D. Grant and Major General J. C.
Bates will return to their stations In the
Philippines. At the same time a compara
tively large number of officers with the
rank of major general and brigadier gen
eral who will shortly be available In con
sequence of the suppression of the rebel
lion in the Philippines will probably fill
departmental commands In this country.
When Major General Arthur MacArthur
returns to this country he will probably
be given a short leave of absence and will
then be given command of the I>epart
ment of Dakota. This department Is now
under command of Major General Otis,
who Is also In command of the Depart
ment of the Lakes. Major General Shaf
ter will be relieved next, month of the
command of the departments of Califor
nia and Columbia by Major General S. B.
M Young. The Department of Columbia
will eventually be separated from the De
partment of California. A separation will
also occur In the commands of the De
partment of Missouri and Department of
Colorado, now under Brigadier General
H. C. Merrlam. . M
¦ . The Department of Texas is commanded
by Colonel C. McKlbbin, Twelfth Infan
try, and will be available for the assign
ment of an officer of higher rank. There
Is also talk in army circles not authori
tative of the re-establlshment of the De
partment of the Gulf, with headquarters
at Atlanta. Ga. Four commands for offi
cers of the grade of major general and
brigadier general will thus be provided.
As it will be necessary to keep 40.000 men
In the Philippines, half of the brigadier
generals must be retained In the archi
pelago. __^_
Grant and Bates "Will Return
to Their Stations in the
Philippines.
Four More Departments
Are Soon to Be
Created. . -^
NEW COMMANDS
FOR GENERALS
SONG, MUSIC AND ELOQUENCE ENLIVEN
UNIVERSITY OF PACIFIC'S JUBILEE
Bishop Hamilton Addresses Graduating Class, and
Former Students fleet in Shade of the Maples.
MERRY STUDENTS
IN RICH COMEDY
Stanford Commence
ment Opens With a
Bright Play.
Prince Seek a Maiden's
Milpitas King and Pescadero
Since the day that Maxine Elliott and
Nat Goodwin presented "A Midsummer
Night's Dream" upon the greensward In
May, 1895. there has not been a more
epectacular or pleasing entertainment at
Stanford. The travesty entitled "The
Princess of Leeland" Is the Joint produc
tion of W. M. Erb, '.01, and C. M. Brad
lev, "01. The plot presents tw'o suitors for
the hand of the beautiful Princess Lee
land, one the repulsive and dissipated
King of Milpitas. the other Phillip of Pes
cadc-ro. the man of science In disguise.
The Klzig of Leeland has made an offer
of the hand of his daughter In marriage
to any one who shall kill a monster
dragon which la laving waste his estates.-
With this as a basis the authors .have
created many thrilling and laugnable
scenes. Throughout the v play local hits
are well distributed by taeans of songs
written by some of the students. The
cast follows:
King William of Iceland. Eugene Warren
•01; Sir Loetalot, Prince Phillip of Pescadero.
J. K. Eonnell '02; Zar«. a court Jester. C. M.
Brafiley '01 ; Duke AU-iander of San Jose, F.
IC Gilman '01: Duke of Alviso. Enibassador for
Milpitas. Edward Gilman '01; Kins of Milpitas.
n. W. Thomr«on '<«: Sir Rufus \ erdl. Chan
cellor of Leeland. W. M. Parkin f 01; Herald.
H. D. Parkin '03; Big Guard. 8. M. Wilson '01:
Little Guard. K. A. R'chardMn '04; Sir Last
Nlpht. R. W. Thompson 'Cl; Sir Knight Before
La*t \V. r. Whltaker 'C3; Sir Knight Off. C.
L. Klrcbaugh 'M; The Queen of Leeland. Miss
Mary Gilman '03: Princess Beanverlia, Miss
Florence Vfanzer 'C3; Lady Helen «f Woodslde,
Kiss Helen Smith 'C3; The Witch t>l French
man'c Lake. Miss Emmabelle Zucker '01.
Chorus of court ladi*s— Lady Suzanne Avis.
Sue L Bird *03; Laiy Marie Jonese-Smythe.
Grace 'Chandler '02; Lady Irmingarde, Ida
Small 'C3: Madame Pattl Zwlngalifskl. Mary V.
Murtin *(2; Alice de Alt Vlncennea. A. A. Hlg
rlns "01 ; Marquise van de Vere. Florence Tay
lor "Cl- Latfy Beatrice de von Xcmllg, Eliza
beth Yoch '04: Countess Nawabgang, Clinton
Stone '03; Lady Sotto Sk>ubise, Ruth Stephen
eon, '03- Lady Medviedltza. Louis McDoug
ald'T2: Lady la Rioja, Luella Farmer '02; Lady
Gwendolyn Enyde. CUta Craft '04; Lady
Tazrtwa de Archus, Gt-nevleve Evans 01.
Chorus of Kniruts— Baron Nospmoth. R. W.
Thompson '01: Sir Knight AktiI. W. E. Whit
tier '01: Sir ARoa de Pao. E. I. Frlsselle 03;
Count Else Elzevir. T. H. Lelb '02: Duke of
Effinirham. A. Perrine '03; Sir Elon ElEhelmer.
G \V Dryer 'C?: Lodowiclc de Cognac. G. H.
Clark '04: Fornax of Hlmeji, Lee Carroll Haw
ley f C2: Sir BUckamus de Licorice, Cleveland
Baker 'C3- Marquees of Montague. H. F. Sco
vlile 'C3; Pabbay de Spalato. J. C. Taylor 'M.
Commencement exercises will continue
to-morrow and thereafter as follows:
3 p rr..— Reception to the graduating class by
President and Mns. Jordan. 8 p. m.— Senior re
ception In Enc'.na Club room. „,'''-'>.
Saturday. 10:30 a. m.— Faculty-Senior baseball
on the campus. 8 p. ra.— Concert by the Uni
versity Glee and Mandolin clubs and the Uni
versity chorus In Assembly Hall.
Sunday, 11 a. m.— The Baccalaureate sermon
1n Afbcmbly Hall by Rev. Bradford Leavltt of
Ean FrancUeo. 4 p. m.— Planting of the ivy at
U>* new Memorial Church. 7:4i p. m.—Anni
versary of the Christian Association* In the
chapel. Address by Rev. C. G. Baldwin, D.D..
of Palo Alto.
Monday 10:20 a. m.— Claps day exercise* In
the chapel. 11:30 a. m.— Dedication of the '01
plate in the quadrangle. 9 p. m.— Senior class
ball in Er.cina Club room.
Tuesday. 10 a. m.— Annual business meeting
ct the alumni in room 21. Jl a. m.— Annual
alutr.nl meeting In the chapel. Address by
Charles Colfax Hughes. '95. 12:30— Alumni re
i nlr.n find luncheon i.i Itoble Hall. 8 p. m. —
promenade concert in the quadrangle.
Wednesday. ID a. m.— The tenth annual com
mencement in the Assembly Hall. Commence
1 ment addrtfn by Professor Georpe Mann Rich
ardson. Conferring of degrees. Address to the
graduating class by President Jordan.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. May 23.—
An extravaganra^ — brilliant, laughable and
well rendered— ushered in the tenth an
nual commencement exercises of Stan
ford University to-night. For almost an
other week they will continue before the
rrowd of holiday attired visitors tb'at
have already flocked to the campus to
witness the gladsome ceremonies.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
I^ake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 212 California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
In our army 304 officers speak Spanish
fluently. 224 are handy with their French
and 1£6 are well up in German.
THE SANFE^NCISCO CALL, jTKIIJAY;, ;MAI lyoi^
at the afternoon meeting. This evening
the Alumni Association held a reunion
and banquet. This was an occasion long
to be remembered. Several hundred were
present. Two hours were spent In social
conversation, greetings and stories of past
college life. At 9:30 o'clock the banquet
hall was entered, and there until midnight
tho time was glyen over to feasting and
speech-making. President and Mrs. Mc-
Clish tendered a reception at their home
this evening to the graduating class.
SAN JOSE, May 23.— The Univer
sity of the Pacific's golden ju
bilee celebration to-day was an
event that will long linger in
the memories of the hundreds of
old students and patrons of tho school.
Never before has such attention been at
tracted by the university, and the gather
ing of the alumni was the largest ever
held. Music, speechmaklng and a lunch
in the shady maple grove, concluding
with an alumni banquet and reunion,
DISTINGUISHED PERSONS WHO TOOK PART IN THE INTERESTING
EXERCISES OP THE GOLDEN JUBILEE r CELEBRATION AT THE •
UNIVERSITY OF THE PACIFIC NEAR SAN JOSE YESTERDAY. -: :
'have stepped off this rostrum. If you are ntt
careful you will collapse after .you have made
your Btart. .,-;.,• ; ' •'.-¦•• .
! Miss Minnie ,Tuck gave a piano solo,
"Rlgoletto" (Liszt), after which President
¦McClish conferred -the degreea-upon the
graduates. He, made a ; few appropriate
remarks. Degrees- were granted tho fol
lowing: ' . ; .; : ,•-'••• - r ; /•, " ; :<¦ :' ' j-% '
• Degree •' of 'Bachelor, of- Arts— Edwin Hafry
Smith, John Carroll Spencer.' .' . . c ' : .
Degree of Bachelor of Philosophy— "William
Arnold Angwin. " "' ¦ ¦ \' ' .'•,-'
Degree of M Bachelor of ¦ Science— Frederick
Vivian' Bartlpy,' Newton Eno Richardson.'
Degree of Bachelor of Music— A. Belle-Bow
man (vocal music). .Theresa Emma Crothers
(vocal music), Leonora • Elizabeth Cummins
(piano), Cora Mae Fackrell (vocal- music),
Maymer Elena Jefferson (vocal . music), Maria
Sophia Mctz (piano), Thaddeus Pearce. Mit
chell (vocal muslifc), Kmma Mueller- (piano),
Jeannette S. • Noble (piano), - Leslie ~~ Vernon
Richardson .(vocal music), Qlorene Lewetta
Schultz- (vocal music), Adele • Maude Serlo
(piano). Marguerite ; Zuck (violin •' and • vocal
music). ' ¦.¦.... .; • • , .
Graduate In ' Art— Eva Pearl • Brenlman.
: The board of trustees at their meeting
yesterday conferred the following honors
and these were- announced 'by President
McClish: In course— Charles Stockdale
Orr, M. S. ; Robert Julius Trevarrow, A.
M. • Honorary — Charles Wesley- Baker,
LL. D. ; Pierre Doulllet, Mus. D. ; Andrew
J. Hanson, D. D. ' ¦
• At noon the r Ladies'. Conservatory As
sociation served a- collation in Maple
Grove, and here many of the people spent
a couple of hours in social chat. • ¦ ¦ .
Law's Majesty and Beauty.
The- Jubilee programme wass concluded
this afternoon. .'There were munlcal fea
tures, and tho Hon. C. W. Baker, 1»L, D,,
of Cincinnati, . Ohio," a, graduate of 1880,
delivered anartdrena upon "Tho Influence
of Law Upon Civilisation." -
VI; am. to speak to-day of a > masterly
thome." said Mr.' Bakor; Vof law and It*
maje»ty and' beauty; of Its controlllrvg
and- abiding force *and 'Influence, of rii»
authority, upoaklng: to all' mankind, and
of ltn; powerful ln»trumflntallty in l efavat
lng and conserving our civilization > and
our dentlny. It. \»y,nn with the' race In
Its dealings 'with men. > It b«-«rnn before
the race In Its dealings with thu unlvtirso.
Ere man was, when chaos first gavo place
to cosmos, law ruled, and order, Its high
Hherlff, executed judgment. Law reigned,
Hupremo, • certain, Inexorable. The iaw»
of heat, of light,. of electricity, of gravita
tion, of attraction, of centrifugal and
centripetal forces, with deathless grasp
seized space and air and matter, and ; the
firmament began It 8 Journey • under i the
will of Qod."
1 Professor David Starr Jordan," repre
senting Stanford University, and Pro
fessor Dressier," representing the Univer
sity of California, made short addresses.
A letter of greeting was read from tha
Rev. Father R. E.<Kcnna of Santa Clara
College; • Dr.-Heacock f also : spoke.
The Hon. D. M. Delmas. an alumnus of
Santa Clara College, made a short address ,
made the Joyous day a short one, and
When the last good-bys had been eaid
the members of alma mater, departed
with the determination to use all - : their
efforts to- advance the interests of : the
school.
In the attendance were divines and
prominent men from all over the. State.'
Many. of them had not met since, leaving
school. Old friends were sought out, and
after greetings little groups would stroll
off and relate reminiscences.
At the time set this morning for -the
.'commencement exercises of the College
of Liberal Arts and Conservatory of Mu
sic the grounds were crowded, jj Conser
vatory. Hall was filled with an appiecl
atlve audience. The place was handsome
ly decorated with flowers and evergreens.
A duo on violin and piano, "Sonata ln"G
Mejor, Opus 12" (Grieg), by Professor
Henri Bettman and Dean Pierre Doulllet,
opened the exercises. The ncv. Dr. Coyle
offered an Invocation. ..'A vocal solo, ,. "II
Sogno" (Mercadante), was rendered by
Miss Nella Rogers. Bishop J. W. Hamil
ton. D. D., then delivered an address, his
subject being "The Scholar and the Smat
terer." He said, addressing the graduat
ing class: •
Address of Bishop Hamilton.
Tou have Just come to your flrot conspicu
ous appearance In this world. Whether^ It
may be your own will or that of your friends,
you have come to an occasion called I tins
commencement day of. your life. Historian
Palfrey apeaks of commencement aa far back
as 1642, and said they had been observing
commencement. We have been observing com,?
mencement day for 250 years. Thl» 1« a time
when boyn graduate to men and .when gliin
.graduate to womanhood. We used to speak
of it as a time when we nnUhed our educa
tion-und entered Into the responsibilities of
life. Hut now we think of It only an tlm
commencement, , , ¦. . . , ...
Thero In a-dlfferenco" betwe«n tho com
mencament of llf« and the flntohlntr of an «du>
cation. Ktrnnifi to,, fay' thero . la a. klu<i of
dualitm In our Umci that Introduced two form*
of Inntructlon to paopl«, to that onn elai*
roiniH to diicuiH «iluciiilon •¦ an equipment of
the imtttorer, and tha other that of the fln>
tubed ncholar. Th«r» U »om«thln« of ichoiar
chlp in education that 1* to ba the equlpmont
of thin and other worldi. In th« ntudy of men
and women of thli world they aHinclate them
felvea with that kind of education they can
pick up, ami in which It , needs only ntnti«
rnenta to «n,tlnfy, The.uae of education 1* to
fit a man to drift Into the vurlouM av*nu*a of
life. It five* man an appreciation of-every
thing In nature, therefore ,he In a materialist
and a naturalldt. '• .
. How much there Is In desire and ambition
to pick up In going through the world. How
much have you to compare now. tlad you
grown, up barefooted, neglected—ono who had
never : started with a purpose In life,' but had
gone i along simply an a piece of driftwood—
the result of such a life would be nothing
but rip and ¦ tear. ' The ¦ only, person who can
say that a scholar Is a smntterer Is he . who
has gone along through college and gained
little out of every. great avenue; of life. You
have ¦ com*, to the simple ; accomplishment of
'education .with, which to guide you .after, you
¦*
8
. : . ADVERTISEMENTS. ' „ ' „__,,_, „„„„„„„„„„„-.___
r n(SfM?h- ¦ Every day you dean the house you
"^^Imfwi^^K ve m * to : gel "rid of the dust and dirt.
1 Your body, the house your soul lives in,
i^^^^V^^^^^^^ a I S0 becomes filled up with all manner of
-^^»=^'--:; ( / %^%H filth, which should have been removed
cHP§^ w^^^^fe**'/ from day to day. * Your body needs daily
¦^ajL^^v^&t'' ?& ' cleaning inside. If your bowels, your
m^h^ liver, your kidneys are full of putrid filth,
l^^^\^fm^}>^ anc * y° u d° nft clean them out, you'll be in
*s^ b ac > °° 01 ' wlt " yourself and everybody else.
, tody inside, but sweet, fragrant, mild but
• Positive and forceful CASCARETS, that
"^^Mm^r^SMw /, W0RK Y HILE Y0U . SLEEP ' p fepare
\sss?|^y® cA wrrrKJ^wy *k e filth collected in your body for
vN\a\\ .- ' V-^ol^ \» removal, and drive it; off softly, gently, but
\\v ' ? A^^f'm. none the less surely, leaving your blood
- '¦-., > ¦ pure and nourishing, your stomach and
V$^\ bowels clean and lively, ¦ and your liver
4^^$S and kidneys healthy and active. Get a
50-cent box today, . a whole month s
treatment; and if not satisfied get your money back— but you'll see how the cleaning
of your body is
v^^ 5 ™^^ MADE EASY BY
LIVER TO^ lC '^^ iamp0fr^^^
25c. 50cr^Qa»^^?TO^fd^?ifmiia^S^(^ U HS^4^*!b2M^^^ NEVER
all PRUGGist&^^^^WHt^^A iln H B iftJ"^ SOLD IN BULK.
Allfll" oI ' '"»»Vf!l lroul»lr«. ni>pc<iuU<itl«, bll> All A ff% fl IITPPII TOCURri FIt»» year* an
PIIUL I..HMI.-M, 1>««1 tirenth, bid blood, nlnd PI 9 A 0 ll I^T tH H «!•«• a«t boi »r f aVjaR!
Illllll Ol> llM1 "t<>»>u<'l«, blunted bowiila, foul I q I B la jfl M h\b B H 9 SI i:i * "»• •«'•¦• ><>w u u
UVIIb llioulli, rseiuliu lio,lri«U:ri-nllo!i, ptoipl.:-, UUflB3HfllB« B CratLfaJ ovrr Bt « ""''•» *•"« •
pnluM after niHn::, liver trouble, (tallow complexion •imiinr lu^.nrinn in tha v ori.i Vhi*. «« r ih.«h.#i «" **^
and dlMlucM. * itrheii your bowol ? don't n.ovo rogu- J'rTiT Z&it.nMlSr 'fafu&imnui. ' StthlVSAuViSi
lurly you uro tfettlnie ulclt. roimtlpiUlou kill" inur« will »«ll OAS<:Ai:ir:«* absolutely |Nnrnnt««<l to «nra «r
pcoplo than ull oilier <tl«ea«cn tocAtltor. It lo a taane/ r«ra»d«il. O<> buy today, two SAe baxct, iIt* tkcmii
, starter for tlio clironln ailments and lone yenr* of i»ir, bnnrat trtnt, ¦<• p«r <«]recti« n *, unu ir TOU nr «
¦uacrlns that como ul't«rwardi«. No matter what SSt^AVhl, Im^f* hn«^S B u°. hl fl bo *f ret »«''«>the|iiin.«*i«o«
mll» you* mart lulling c'AVJAKKTS to-day, lor you \iu aud«t? o «r mni^gH!!^!^ 0 . 1 ?:
xvlll 'never get well Snd bo well nil tho tYme nntll "ox^tX™™^
you put your bowels right. -Take onr advlcot start «:>»y. nemuh iviu qnicuir roito«- nn<\ you Win Me«« th«d*v
with OA&CAHETS tu-Uay. under an ubeulutc suar- yonflr.t«t»r(^th e n.fofOAHCAKF.TS. BooU rrrVby »«U
anlee to cure or money rcluiidod. ; 4W . lddresn bTEKUSU KEMLur to.,.MiW ¥0Bii or UlIUUO.
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Here is the latest in golf shirts at an affordable price for every- ' .. I
body. The shirts are made fro m a good quality madras- cloth that will ;
wear and wash well; the making is first rate— double sewed and re- ,
inforced; the patterns are broad stripes in lavender, pink; black and
blue, and solid color blues with plaited bosoms; pair of separate link :
cuffs; all shirts full size and length; price only
I $1.00 63Ch
Oui-of'town orders filled— write us.
sMVoop&ft)
718 Market Street.
BAJA CALIFORNIA >'%^w^'%^%>^%^'%>^^^%>^t
Damiana Bitters Sidseui iTf anatomy
J b A CHEAT RESTOUATIVK. IKV1U02U- A gk 1051 MAJBT 01. tit. 64*74, fl.f.W,
Tonic tor th. Sexual Organs, for both »ex«. # flfeft du°»« p«iii»Vi J «r JSL ,h. o m.,1
The Mexican Remedy for Dlueun of the Kid- # fg gfl SpidVuiTon ihecitt iti J«"
cr>» and HUdder. BelU on IU own merlti. T JlPyHI nB ,„„„.» nietiotc ne utu
KADER ALPS & URUN'E, Agenta, § llWT* i PR' JORDAN-DISEASES OF WEN
nt Market »t.. B. F.— (Send for Ctrculara.) \ l«9nl Con»ulutlon fre. «nd .trlctly privite.
" " — — — —^— —^— —^— — — — —^— — — m t Jjrv/Fn Treatment personally or by letter. A
MnOnrCUlUIC CDCPirin UIYTIIDC \ 1 W Til **•"<«• °»™ In ererycitt undertaken. v
. CROSSMAN S SPECIFIC MIXTUijt. ifff il|.writef r^k.rHii ; o«oi.nif.f >
For tb« cur. of GONORRHEA, OLEKT8. J 1 M. IP . ",*5K*?g; tBD .¦.""• < A
BTRICTtTBES aad analo«ou» oonapUlnU ot U. AC *_"^'v^o ,"'*'„„., Mf a „
Ornna of Generation. .isr ••.<¦•» r.v W DWL. JORDAN m. CO.. 1051 Market HL.S. V.
Pric n a bovti.. For sal* by OnisslaU. ,. <^^»;^'^l»^'^'^^fc'^»^^^ ]HONGKONG— Arrived April U— Nor »tmr
Skari-Bon, from Oregon.
IQU JQUK-Arrlve.l May 11-Ger ship , Chill,
from Valparaiso.
DUNKIRK— Arrived May 13— Br ship Glau
cub, from Antwerp. •
VALPARAISO— In port April 26-I3r ship
Ka*t Indian, for Oregon.
OUKJCNKTOWN-Sulli'il May 22-Br ihlp Al
clnoui), for, Hamburg. > ¦ • '•
LIMA, I'cru— May 22— Chll itmr Llmari wai
quarantined 9 dnyi at Ouayaqull; bad one
death from yellow fever.
VALPARAISO- Snllni May 23— Oer ttmr Am
mini, for Ban Franclnco.
VICTORIA— Arrived May 22— Grr bark Kho
rasan, from Yokohama.
CALLAO-Salled May 21-Schr Wlnslow, for
Puget Sound.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 2J— Btmr Kord
land, from Philadelphia. Balled 'May 22— Stmr
Waesland,. for Philadelphia.
TOKOHAMA— Arrived May 18— Br »tmr Bel
gian King, from Ban Diego.
HIOGC— Arrived April 21— Jap itmr Klmhlu
Maru; April 2S-Jao itmr Idiuml Maru, from
Seattle.
to-rf-a HE bark Star of Bengal, from
II Chemainus, B. C, for Adelaide,
I Australia, with a load of lumber,
H hove to off the Heads yesterday
morning. A flag was set for a
pilot, and when, the America sent a boat
alongside the mate reported that the cap
tain was seriously ill with tonsilltls and
wanted to be taken ashore. The sick man
was accordingly transferred to the pilot
boat and brougnt in. He was at once sent
to St. Luke's Hospital.
BARK STAR OF BENGAL HOVE TO WHILE CAPTAIN HENDERSON WAS BEING TRANSFERRED TO THE, P]
LOT BOAT AMERICA. VESSEL HAD TO PUT BACK HERE ON ACCOUNT OF THE SERIOUS ILLNESS O:
THE MASTER. . • - -
Fritz Schrader. a lithographer em
ployed by -W. .C Samuels- Jr., .was. found
dead in bed in the Webb House yesterday
morning. • He had been.ln bad health for
some time. ... -. •. -^ -.> <• ' . • • .
Sudden Death of Fritz Schrader.
FAVORITE. MUSICIANS WHO
HAVE VOLUNTEERED FOR
THE ELKS' BENEFIT. .
Bids for Dredging Oakland Canal.
Bids were opened yesterday by Colonel
William H. Heuer, United States en
gineer, for the dredging of th© Oakland
tidal canal. The bids were as follows:
West Coast Dredging Company, $286.
193; Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Company.
$270,438: H. H. Burrell. $465,800; Golden
Gate Dredging and Reclamation Com
pany, $321,265. I .
The bids will be forwarded to Wash
ington. . . . . . -- ¦¦'.'-*
HAMBURG— Arrived May 23— Stmr In
land, from New York.
LAUNCHING OF THE OHIO in the
Wasp's Presidential souvenir. Sixty pages
of reception pictures. On sale at all news
stands. 25 cents. •
pated in by sixteen members of Oakland
Lodge No. 171, with Peter Sloan, Charle:
. Heeseman and Dave McLaughlin as pre
mlers.
-RV^T R- AND MRS. FITZROY K. TO-
P^ll BIN, former San Franciscans
¦ I ' II and now distinguished in the
A H vaudeville world,, will be two of
the. one hundred * volunteers to
appear Elks' night,, next Tuesday, at the
Alhambra. ¦ '
Ten years ago every one musically in-.
clined in San Francisco knew "Fitz." He
was the best trombone soloist in town and
was possessed of a splendid barytone
voice, which was often heard in amateur
operas He gave vocal and instrumental
lossons and finally fell head over heels in
love with, his most talented pupil, now his
With a view to going oh the stage they
prepared a refined musical . act, utterly
different from any ever presented before.
were accepted at the Orpheum and Bcorea
an Immediate and pronounced hit. That
was- three years ago, -and since then they
have played, in the principal vaudeville
houses of America. ¦ ... ...
¦Elks' night will be one of the notable
events in the amusement history of this
city. It is under the auspices of San
Francisco Lodge No. 3 and will be the
first" public entertainment given by the
organization. , The programme will In
clude a nautical first part by the Corinth
ian Minstrels, with ten vocal numbers. In
the olio such artists as Camille d'Arville,
the great operatic artist; Josephine Gass
man and her pickaninnies; George
Matthews, the Golden Gate barytone, and
the Corinthian quartet will appear. The
performance will be • brought to a close
with an Amazon march by a beauteous
bevy of bright young ladles from the Tiv
oll, followed "by another ' march . partici-
Judge Graham has granted Iva Mae
Wakefleld. a former resident of Los An
geles, a divorce from Hiram A. "Wakefleld
on the ground of extreme cruelty. There
was no contest.
Suits for divorce were commenced yes
terday, by Mary Gllmore against Louis
Gllmore, Josie Jones against Frank El
more Jones, and Thomas A- I>avis
against Emily Davis, on the ground of
desertion. Edith L. Applewhite accuses
her husband, John C. Applewhite, of de
sertion and wants $50 a month alimony
and a division of the community prop
erty, estimated -at $20,000. Emma M.
White seeks a divorce from Daniel J.
White, alleging desertion, and Dottle
Humberg Dana wants a judicial release
of matrimonial bonds from Persor R.
Dana, commonly known as Percy F.
Dana, on the ground of habitual intem
perance. Meta Sophia Maria Jancovich
alleges a similar cause against Marco L.,
Jancovich. , ¦ ¦
Tire of Wedded Life.
Orffan, "Concert Overture" CSVolstenholme),
Mr. J. B. Warburton; hymn, "Coronation"
No. 243; recitation of the "Shepherd Psalm"
and prayer, led by Rev. S. D. Hutslnpiller, D.
D. : music. "Grand Fantasia on Gospel Hymns"
(C. R. Dumas), California-street M. E. Band;
collection; address, ¦ "How the Christian En
deavor Convention of 1S97 "Was Made Success
ful," Rev. William Rader. D. D. ; anthem,
"Great Is Jehovah!" (Schubert); addrees.
"What the Great Epworth League Convention
Will mean to California," Bishop John "W\
Hamilton. D. D.. L.L. I>.; duet, "I Sought the
Lord" (Costa), Mr. B. Georges and Miss E. V.
MeClosky; address, "The On-Comlng Hosta,"
Rev. Thomas Fllben. D. D., chairman of the
general committee; music, selected. Calif ornla-
Btreet M. E. Band: doxology, "Old Hundred";
benediction. Rev. M. D. Buck.
The choir will be assisted by B. Georges.
G. Brangen, Miss E. V. MeClosky and
Miss Mabel Gross.
The quarterly rally of the Epworth
League Alllancu of San Francisco will bti
held In the California-street Methodist
Episcopal Church this evening. All ¦ tho
Christian Endeavor societies and the no
detles of the Young People's Baptlut
Union have been Invited to unite with, the
leaguers, and the rally promises to be'ono
of the most Important held by the organ
ization In many months. The audience has
been requested to give "th© Chautauqua
salute" as each speaker Is Introduced.
Among the prominent speakers at the
rally will be Bishop Hamilton. Rev. Wn
liam Racier and Rev. S. D. Hutslnpiller.
Following Is the programme to be Ten
dered: ,-,' «• ;
Quarterly Meeting of the
Organization to Be a
Big One.
Epworth Leaguers to
Meet' With Other
Bodies To-Night.
CHURCH RALLY
WILL BE HELD
Beginning Saturday, June 1, the Santa
Fe will operate its new freight station
at Francisco street, on the Harbor Com
missioners' Belt line tracks, just opposite
the south end of section 2 of the seawall.
Thereafter all outbound less than carload
shipments of freight -will be handled
there instead of at Spear-street terminal,
as at present. Freight in ' carload lots,
both inbound and outbound, | will be
handled as at present, to wit, at either
Spear-street terminal or on the Belt line
tracks, as may. at the time be most con
venient. All inbound merchandise in less
than carload lots will continue to be han
dled at Spear-street terminal, as hereto
fore, and at this place the principal local
office will be maintained. This will prove
a great convenience to the commission
merchants and others shipping in less
than carload Quantities to San Joaquln
Valley points.
On and after June 3 the Santa Fe will
discontinue the daily service of the Cali
fornia limited. The train will ¦ be dis
patched semi-weekly, leaving this city on
Mondays and Thursdays. The overland
time schedule will be faster through the
San-Joaquin Valley, and the train that
leaves here every day at 4:20 will In the
future run to Fresno, while in the past the
trip terminated at Stockton.
H. E. Fitzhugh, formerly, of the Ver
mont road, is still in San Francisco." He
stated yesterday that there had been no
change in the situation as far as he is
concerned since his arrival here. He has
been away several. weeks, and during that
time has been traveling over the entire
Southern Pacific system -In- the 'southern
part of this State and has even gone as
far as the Mojave Desert; By old railroad
men this' is looked upon as- an ; effort on
Fitzhugh's part to get thoroughly : conver
sent with- the workings of the-road -before
he accepts any position that President
Hays may offer him. . ¦ ¦• ¦ .¦ .¦;•_;•-.
Sproule said yesterday that It will be
impossible to run 1 on the time that the
fruit growers demand unless the fruit is
consigned in trainload lots to one given
point. Under this . new time . table, fruit
shipped from Sacramento on a. Monday
before midnight will arrive in Chicago
the following Monday . morning. In that
time 'a deduction has to be ma.de for the
inspection of the fruit at ¦ Ogden, ,. which
consumes two hours, and two hours more
are -lost -in the change ; = from' "Pacific to
Central time.
The Southern Pacific Company has
made extensive preparations tor the hand*
ling of deciduous fruit this fall. .William
Bproule, freight traffic manager : of tho
company, gave out yesterday, a brief
schedule of the rapid manner In which the
fruit will bo hauled East. . ' '¦ » .
Fruit loaded on the .trains, before mid
'night at Sacramento 'will'" arrive, at Og
den sixty hours later. The company holds
assurances from the other roads that this
same fruit will be landed in Chicago
eighty-four hours later, j Of- this time
twenty-four hours are consumed between
the Missouri River and Chicago. '
Southern Pacific Short
ens Time From Here
to Ogden. > .
¦in ¦ , ¦ .- , ¦
Fitzhugh Inspects Roads of
• Southern California '
System. : ;
RAPID TRANSIT
FOR FRUIT CARS
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived May 23 — Stmr
Kalserin Maria Theresa, from New York, via
Cherbourg, for Bremen. ' .
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 23— Stmr Ger
manic, from Liverpool, for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed May 23— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, for Hamburg; stmr l'Aquitalne, for
Havre; stmr Neckar, for Bremen.
GREENOCK— Arrived May 23— Stmr Sardin
ian, from Philadelphia, via St John. N. F.
LONDON— Sailed May 23— Stmr Menominee,
for New York. ¦ • ¦ .
ROTTERDAM— Sailed May 23— Stmr Pots
dam, for New York, via Boulogne. . - ¦
PRAWLE POINT— Passed May 23-rStmr
Robert Adamson, from Portland, Or., via Cal
lao, etc. . • • r
Sun, Moon and Tide. -* 1 - -¦**-
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flv© minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, MAY 24.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day. except when there . are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sljrn precedes the height, and then
the number given la subtracted from the depth
Klven by the charts. The plane of reference Is
tho mean of the lower low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE. ~~ '• ~
• "• TO ARRIVE. "
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Encore will load lumber at Grays Harbor
for Sydney, E2s fid. prior to arrival; the Manila,
lumber at Ludlow for Iquique, 50s.
A Cargo for New York.
The ship Iroquols lialled yesterday for New
Tork with the followluc cargo:
229,459 g-als wine, 25 cs books, £6 cs machinery,
600 cs oysters, £4 cs drugs, 263 rolls wire cable,
100 cedar logs, 47S bales rags, 11 bales old rub
ber. As this is a coastwise manifest the value
of the cartro is not jdven.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, May 23.
Etmr Luella, Madsen, Co hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Alcazar, Martin, &5 hours from San
Fedro.
Stmr Point Arena, . Hansen, 14 hours from
Mendoclno.
Etmr Corona, Glelow, 69 hours from Newport.
Stmr Navarro. Jacobs, 10 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
etmr National City, Dettmers, 14 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland, 26 hours from Monterey.
Etmr Aloha, Wehman, 17 hours from Usal.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander, 45 hours from
San Dle-ro. etc.
Bktn Benicia, Bowes, ISM days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Zampa, Pettersen, 10 days from San
Pefiro.
Schr 'Del Norte, Jacobson, 66 hours from
Ro:rue River.
Schr Mary Etta, Nyman, 16 hours from Blh
lers Point.
Schr Ruth E Godfrey, Johnson, 12 days from
Port Gamble.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 6 hours from
Point Reyes.
RETURNED.
Thursday, May 23.
Schr Barbara Hernster. Cook, hence May 23,
for Car>e Nome, on account of breaking: a
casting In machinery, 10 miles NW of light
ship. , .
CLEARED.
Thursday, May '23.
Br stmr Adato, Mclntyre, Guayaquil; W R
"Grace Co.
Stmr Centennial, Anderson, Seattle; E T
Krv'se. .
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
SAILED.
Thursday, May 23.
. Stmr Pomona. Shea, Eureka
' Stmr Lrtiella. Madeen. Caspar.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagrerlund, .
Stmr Centennial, Andersen, Seattle.
Stmr Whitesboro. Olsfn, .
Stmr Columbia, Doran, Astoria,
Ship Iroquols, Thompson. New York. . j
Br ship Port Crawford, Swan. Queenstown.
Schr Wing and Wing. Hansen. .
Schr Nettle Sundbonr, I^arsen, .
Schr Rio Rey, Miller, Mendocino.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Cook, Nome.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBO8. May 28—10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wlnth northwest; velocity 16 miles, per
hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— Arrived May 22— Stmr Geo Loo
mis,. hence. May 21; May 23 — Bar?e Santa
Paula, in tow of tug Rescue, hence May 20.
PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed May j 23— Schr
Uangor, for Vancouver: Chil bark Royal Sov
ereign, for Port Blakeley, • ' v -
TILLAMOOK— Arrived May 23— Stmr Acme,
hence May 19. ; . -• i ¦
SEATTLE— Arrived May ; 23— Stmr . Czarnia,
hence May. 18.
TACOM A— Arrived May 23-Chll bark Yo
semlte. from Vancouver. Sailed May 23— Stmr
Waehtenaw. for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 22— Stmr
San Pedro, hence May 18.
SEATTLE— Arrived May 23— Stmr Chas Nel
son, from Skagtiay. Sailed May 23— Stmr City
of Tooeka. for. 8ka«uay. ¦ ' ; : ¦- .r . '?
• EUREKA— Arrived I May ' 23— Stmr Pasadena,
from San Pedro; stmr Alcatraa,- hence May 20;
etmrs Aberdeen and Eureka, hence. May. 21.
Sailed May 2S— Schr Ida McKay, for. San Fran
cisco.
TACOMA— Sailed May 23— Bark Tidal Wave,
for Port Los Angeles.
TACOMA— Arrived - May 23— Chll bark Royal
Bovertlim; from Port Townaend. - _
KEAH BAY— Passed out May 23— Chll bark
Antoinette, for : stmr Washtenaw, from
Taccma. for San Francisco. • _J • . _
TACOMA— Sailed May 23— Bark Tidal Wave,
for Port Los An«les. '•' ' .
VENTURA— Sailed May 23— Barge Santa
Paula, In tow of tur Rescue, for Ban Fran-
Cl NEAH BAY— Passed" In May 23— Stmr San
Mateo, from Port Los Angeles, for Nanalmo. -
ASTORIA-Salled May 23-Stmr - Geo^W
Elder, for San Francisco; stmr Signal, for San
Francisco. rOREIQN P0RTS .
NAN AIMO— Sailed May 22-Br itmr Wye
fleld. for San Francisco.
TAKU— Arrived May U— Nor «tmr Norman
Isles, from Oregon.
The Star of Bengal left Chemainus on
the 13th lnst. and ran into some heavy
weather off Flattery. Captain Henderson
was BUffering'from a sore throat when the
vessel left the Sound, but thought the sea
air would cure him. The storm off the
coast made him worse, however, and he
decided to run for San Francisco. On the
pilot-boat Captain Henderson could^ only
speak In a whisper and he. seemed to suf
fer a great deal. It will be some time be
fore he can leave the hospital.
As soon as the owners of the Star of
Bengal were notified of Captain Hender
son's illness they at once secured the
services of Captain Uhlbergr, who went
out to the bark and took command. The
vessel was at once put on her course and
•before sundown was ¦well on her wav to
Australia.- Captain Uhlberg. who took
command of the Star of Bengal, was for
merly in the Abby Palmer and is well
known on the coast. Should Captain Hen
derson recover in time he may sail on the
Mariposa for Australia to resume com
mand of his vessel.
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CAI^Lv* FRIDAY,; MAY 1901.
Pilot Boat America Brings Sick Man Ashore and Takes
a New Captain Out to the Bark.
STAR OF BENGAL PUT5 BACK
BECAU5E OF MASTER'5 ILLNESS
MANY ARTIST5 VOLUNTEER
FOR THE ELKS' BENEFIT
rir. and T\rs. Fitzroy Tobin to Assist Before
Starting on Australian Tour.
9
Sun rises 4;5t
Sun sets 7:20
Moon sets (first quarter) 0:00 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, W H W L W
24 .'.. 3:59 4.7 10:29 0.4 6:38 5.3 11:35 2^5
25... 5:11 4.4 11:20 0.8 6:24 5.4
L W H W L W| II W
28 .. «:41 2.1 6:29 4.1 12:11 1.2 7:09 6.6
27 ... 1:88 1.6 7:40 4.0 1:04 1.6 7:51 5.6
28 ... 2:24 1.2 8:44 4.0 1:46 1.9 8:27 5.7
29 ... 3:04 0.8 9:42 4.1 2:26 2.2 9:00 5.7
30... 3:42 0.4 10:36 4.3 3:03 2.6 9:33 5.8
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.j
Pier.
May 24.
3. Barbara — Humboldt
Empire ;.. Coos Bay
May 2H.
Ruth Golofnin & Nome..
Valencia Nome via Seattle.
Corona.. ...... Newport
Point Arena.. Point Arena
donnemaugh. Nome via Seattle.
Portland Nome via St. Michl
North Fork... Humboldt
: . May 2O.
Eureka. Humboldt
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports
Santa Rosa... San Diego
Mandalay..... Coqullle River
May 27.
3. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma.
May 28.
Kambyses.... Hambg & Way Pts
T. S. Klmball. Nome via Seattle.
San Bias Panama & Way...
3. W. Elder. . Astoria & -Portland
Alliance Ptlnd & Coos Bay
Bonita Newport
Pomona Humboldt
May 29.
A.mer. Mam.. China & Japan
Arcata Coos Bay ....
2ueen San Diego
May 30. I
Mariposa Sydney &.Way Ptsl
2 pm
12 m
I 5 pm|
2 pm|
9 am
2 pm
10 am
2 pm
9 am
9 am
11 am
9 am
2 pro
Pier S
Pier 13
!S.W. :
[OH wk
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 6
Pier 34
Pier S
Pier 13
Pier t
Pier 11
Pier 2
I
Pier 13
12 m
Pier 27
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier 8
12* * m
11 am
9 am
1:30 p
! 1 pm
12 m
9 am
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
I
110 ami
IPler 1
Steamer. i Destination.
I Sails.
—^— — — — — "
Cottage City... Skasuay & Way Ports.
Rxcelslor Valdez & Way Ports.
Santa Ana Nome & St. Michael.
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports.
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports.
Centennial Nome & Port Clarence.
City of Seattle.. Kknguay & Way Ports.
Senator Nome direct
Dlrigo Skaguay & Way Ports.
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports.
EUhuThomps'n Nome & St. Michael....
Oregon Nome & Port Clarence.
May 25
May 28
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 28
May 23
May 30
May 30
May 30
June 1
Steamer.
From.
Due:
Mandalay Coquille River.
South Coast.... Ventura :..
Santa Barbara. San Pedro .
Eureka Humboldt .....'.....
South. Portland. Seattle and Tacoma
3. W. Elder Portland and Astoria..
Mackinaw Seattle ../...:
\capulco Panama and Way Ports
Washtenaw..:. Tacoma
Alliance. Portland & Coos Bay.
Hyades..... Seattle
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma....
iueen..... Ban Diego
Pomona..,; Humboldt y,
2oos Bay Ban Pedro
Arcata Coos Bay
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports
Curacao Mexican Ports
Pulton ICSrays Harbor ,..
Leelanaw 'N. Y. via Panama.
Alcroa Oyster Harbor...
7Ity Peking.'... China and Japan.......
(Vyefield Nanaimo
Palena '.. Valparaiso via Panama
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.
of Sydney. Panama & Way 'Ports.
Rainier Brattle & N. Whatcom.
Rival............ Wlllapa Harbor...:...;:
Columbia Portland and Astoria...
Sresoent City... Crescent City...........'.
Corona.......... Newport ...;.....".
3anta I!o?a San Dlejro..
Point Arena Point Arena
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 25
May 25
May 23
May 28
May 26
May 26
May 28
May 28
May 2«
May 28
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 28
May 28
May 23
May 2.1
May 29
May 28
May 29
May 80
May 80
May 30
May 30
May 30
Sun rises 4;5t
Sun sets 7:20
Moon sets (first quarter) 0:00 a. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L, W H W L W
24 .'.. 3:59 4.7 10:29 0.4 6:38 5.3 11:35 2^5
25... 5:11 4.4 11:20 0.8 6:24 5.4
L W H W L W| II W
28 .. «:41 2.1 6:29 4.1 12:11 1.2 7:09 6.6
27 ... 1:88 1.6 7:40 4.0 1:04 1.6 7:51 5.6
28 ... 2:24 1.2 8:44 4.0 1:46 1.9 8:27 5.7
29 ... 3:04 0.8 9:42 4.1 2:26 2.2 9:00 5.7
30... 3:42 0.4 10:36 4.3 3:03 2.6 9:33 5.8
Steamer.
Destination.
ISails.j
Pier.
May 24.
3. Barbara — Humboldt
Empire ;.. Coos Bay
May 2H.
Ruth Golofnin & Nome..
Valencia Nome via Seattle.
Corona.. ...... Newport
Point Arena.. Point Arena
donnemaugh. Nome via Seattle.
Portland Nome via St. Michl
North Fork... Humboldt
: . May 2O.
Eureka. Humboldt
City Puebla... Puget Sound Ports
Santa Rosa... San Diego
Mandalay..... Coqullle River
May 27.
3. Portland... Seattle & Tacoma.
May 28.
Kambyses.... Hambg & Way Pts
T. S. Klmball. Nome via Seattle.
San Bias Panama & Way...
3. W. Elder. . Astoria & -Portland
Alliance Ptlnd & Coos Bay
Bonita Newport
Pomona Humboldt
May 29.
A.mer. Mam.. China & Japan
Arcata Coos Bay ....
2ueen San Diego
May 30. I
Mariposa Sydney &.Way Ptsl
2 pm
12 m
I 5 pm|
2 pm|
9 am
2 pm
10 am
2 pm
9 am
9 am
11 am
9 am
2 pro
Pier S
Pier 13
!S.W. :
[OH wk
Pier 11
Pier 2
Pier 6
Pier 34
Pier S
Pier 13
Pier t
Pier 11
Pier 2
I
Pier 13
12 m
Pier 27
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 24
Pier 16
Pier 11
Pier 8
12* * m
11 am
9 am
1:30 p
! 1 pm
12 m
9 am
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
I
110 ami
IPler 1
Steamer. i Destination.
I Sails.
—^— — — — — "
Cottage City... Skasuay & Way Ports.
Rxcelslor Valdez & Way Ports.
Santa Ana Nome & St. Michael.
Humboldt Skaguay & Way Ports.
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports.
Centennial Nome & Port Clarence.
City of Seattle.. Kknguay & Way Ports.
Senator Nome direct
Dlrigo Skaguay & Way Ports.
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports.
EUhuThomps'n Nome & St. Michael....
Oregon Nome & Port Clarence.
May 25
May 28
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 28
May 23
May 30
May 30
May 30
June 1
Steamer.
From.
Due:
Mandalay Coquille River.
South Coast.... Ventura :..
Santa Barbara. San Pedro .
Eureka Humboldt .....'.....
South. Portland. Seattle and Tacoma
3. W. Elder Portland and Astoria..
Mackinaw Seattle ../...:
\capulco Panama and Way Ports
Washtenaw..:. Tacoma
Alliance. Portland & Coos Bay.
Hyades..... Seattle
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma....
iueen..... Ban Diego
Pomona..,; Humboldt y,
2oos Bay Ban Pedro
Arcata Coos Bay
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports
Curacao Mexican Ports
Pulton ICSrays Harbor ,..
Leelanaw 'N. Y. via Panama.
Alcroa Oyster Harbor...
7Ity Peking.'... China and Japan.......
(Vyefield Nanaimo
Palena '.. Valparaiso via Panama
Sonoma Sydney & Way Ports.
of Sydney. Panama & Way 'Ports.
Rainier Brattle & N. Whatcom.
Rival............ Wlllapa Harbor...:...;:
Columbia Portland and Astoria...
Sresoent City... Crescent City...........'.
Corona.......... Newport ...;.....".
3anta I!o?a San Dlejro..
Point Arena Point Arena
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 24
May 25
May 25
May 23
May 28
May 26
May 26
May 28
May 28
May 2«
May 28
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 27
May 28
May 28
May 23
May 2.1
May 29
May 28
May 29
May 80
May 80
May 30
May 30
May 30
ADVEETISZMElTr8. |
beer is the beer of civiliza- Rl^
tion. Go to any part of the bm
earth where mankind values Eg!
purity, and you will find HM
Schlitz beer is the recognized Wm
pure beer. kXj
For fifty years the Schlitz Rg
agencies have followed raj
white men's conquests. Wf%
They are twenty years old FrO
in South Africa. Hj
Schlitz beer was famous in mj3,
Siberia before a railroad was WM
thought of. fM
When Japan and China Hi
first began to awake, Schlitz ggj
beer was advertised in their HR
cewspapers. Kj^
Almost as soon as Dewey hjfm
captured Manila 216 car- IS|
loads of Schlitz were sent B|
there. •» K|>l
Today Schlitz agencies so LJ
dot the globe that when it is KS
midnight at one it is noon- md
day at another. W\^
The quality by which Qy
Schlitz beer has won distinc- M|
tion has been its absolute kJ
purity. Every physician the BF|lj
world over will recommend fV
Schlitz, the beer that made Bfl
Milwaukee famous. p(*
'Pbone Main 447. Sherwood &Sher- Eg
wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco g£
The Beer of
Civilization
©VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY (orMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S FILLS
have been In u»e over flfty
year* by tht leaden of the
Mormon Church and their fol-.
lowers. Positively cur« the-
worst ca»e» In old and young
arUln* from effect* of meU-
abuse. dissipation, excesses or
ciparette-smokinK. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power Nirht Losses. Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lane Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unntness to Mar-
ry. I»m of Semen, _. Vericocel* or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne Q fj rV0UI . Twlt Sl >1 ? K
of Eyelids. Effects Z-JzL* r e Immediate.
Impart vl*or and CKHT9 potency to every
function. Don't ret despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centen: BOe a
box: « tor St CO by mall. A written ruarantes
?o cure or money refunded with « boxes. Clr-
<TiIam free. Address BIPHOP REMEDT Co..
40 Ellis et.. San Francisco. Cal. GRANT
ORUO CO.. tt and 40 Third it.
\IU. T. MOSS.
K0TABT PUBLIO AND ATT0ENET-AT-L1W.
Tenth Floor, Room 101B Claus Spreckcli Bldg.
Telephone Brown iti.
ReslOence. 121 California st., below Powell,
£au Francisco.
Hi^^^^^L A an 4 e and lack of ||
Ba IIUUW"1" fiUMI I IMC ETJIT" Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets after each meal. Two of these diastase, which actually perform the work of digestion and ¥m
BOM WwilA I 9nfttHLLi wWC CHI excellent Tablets taken after dinner will digest several clre tho abused stomach a chance to rest and to furnish the J&3
uS -_.. - . - "' : r ; ;?¦-..'• . thousand (trains of meat, eggs or other animal food In three body and brain with the * necessary nutriment. Cheap Kan
JrO '.->/ •_ ir««n NnnHiiv anri cua..ii or four hours, while the malt diastase also contained In cathartic medicines masqneradlne under the name of fcxi
mm ., lORwpnmiinyanaoirgpjf ... Stuart's Tablets cause the perfect digestion of starchy . dyspepsia cures are useless for relief or cur© of Indigestion KB
Ba A healthy appetite and common sense are. excellent foods, like potatoes, bread, etc., and no matter how weak because they have absolutely no effect upon the actual dl- feel
H- guides to follow In matters of diet, and a mixed diet, of the stomach may bo, no trouble will be experienced If a gestlon of food. p-*J
Gl grains, fruits and meats is undoubtedly the best, in spite of regular practice is made of uslnu Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab- . Dyspepsia in all Its forms Is simoly a failure of the BS3
¦H the claims made by ve«etarians and food cranks generally. > left because they supply tha pepsin and diastase so neces- stomactito digest food and the sensible way to solve the B?S1
Em " As compared with grains and -vegetables, meat fur- sary to perfect digestion, and any form of lndleestlon and . rtdd £^ *£& a fc e f&diJestlon is to umake dailylS»eat meal HH
HH nlshes the most nutriment In a lilghly concentrated form stomach trouble exoopt cancer of tho stomach will be over- time of a safe preparation which Is endorsed by the medical ran
¦9 and Is digested and assimilated more quickly than vege- come by their dally uso. - • .: ¦ profeislon and known to contain active dlzastlre principles, Rsi
w tables or trains. . . ' - * ¦ .¦¦¦ ¦ ' '- -¦ That large class oi people wno come under in© neaa or unri in fhia«*-»n tmiv ko «ti.i «/ <tnirt*i nrcn«n«h TaKin»« uui
H Dr. Julius Kemusson on this subject says: . Nervoua • nervous dyspeptic* should eat plenty of meat and Insure Its ana au tms can ™ aly aMa <* stuart * Dyspepsia Tablets. MM
BSB persons, people run down In health and of low vitality complete digestion by tho system; leuse of ft safe, harmless All drucr^lsts throughout the United States, Canada and Js**
H should eat plenty of meat. If the digestion Is too feeble at digestive medicine like Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets com- Great Britain sell them at tho uniform price of flfty cents ¥g&
H first it maybe easily strengthened oy the regular use of posed of the natural digestive irlhclples, peptones and for full treatment. . 82299 > ' §M
B .^,v;if,' ; S.|iU^Ry,.e^ 'MARSHAJD]l/ 9 : 'MICH. ; HHChicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, May 23.— The wheat market
opened with a display of strength seemingly
out of harmony with the extent of the wet
ting which the crop has received and the fact
that cables were indifferent. July opened un
changed to He lower at 73&@73Hc, touched
1i%z and then reacted to 73H@73Vic during the
first half-hour of bear activity. Heports of fly
damages from the North Central States and
repetitions of German claims of deterioration
of both rye and wheat, combined with a good
demand for spot, caused covering by shorts
under which July during the next half-hour
rallied to 73%S'74c. Long wheat was for sale
at this advance and as the ¦ market began to
show an easier tone the bear party resumed
operations and forced July back to 72%c. Here
the market steadied on the export sales, re
ported at sixty-six loads, and the' close was He
lower at 73!ic
The feature of operations in the corn pit was
the liquidation by Phillips of 3,600,000 bushels
of May corn, believed to be the lost of the
heavy line accumulated during his manipula
tion of the market. This was sold between
'the high prce, 47Vic and 43c. At one time the
July, September and May corn were all quoted
at one price. July was weakened by heavy re
ceipts, lower cables, the decline In May and
fine growing weather. July closed %o lower
at 44Vic. May closed 4Ko down at 4 Hie
Oats were fairly active, but steady when the
corn weakness and the good weather are con
sidered. July closed H®'/ic lower at 2S%@
2$%o.
Provisions opened firm and held steady for a
time, but eased off In sympathy with .corn.
Trade was quiet. July pork and lard each
closed 5c lower and ribs a shade higher.
Tho leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
liny 74 71H 73H 7ST4'
July 73H 74 72% 73V.
Corn No. 2—
May 47'4 *V.i 43 43'i
July 44<f 41>i 44 U%
Heptember 44! t ' 44 \i 43% 44>/t
Oats No. 2-
Mny 20 3O',i ii »<4
July SST4 2S74 WA ml
September !M>4 26ft Z6?i it%
. Mees Pork, per barrel—
May 14 6714
July ....,„, , fffm H 82>,i I4 86 14 72<i 14 72 i
Bar'umW "....I. M 78 14 60 14 70 UW
Lard, per 100 pounds-
May .I,'...,,,,,..,. 8 22'/. 8 82(4 8 15 8 IB
JmIk [ Urn 820 s jo 81254
r-9fn, 4^4&<§«i Wo.- i VfUaw, Wlih; Un, I
\w\ri, M io_gti9i6e whips, iwmiwh
tell tl*V>toi*i£i l^Wi l*f 1W) j»oun;i!i.j|« J/iW
iiHouideFif (w*eii), is ml j (fiwH pleat;
Nnv York Stock Market,
h'i:W YOItH, May U -To-day's stock rr.arliet
ifflr M.-ii \ery lima ili»i i« worthy of any iunn
r, i-i,l. t^llil fuidicr «.-vi,l.:nr«.. was fcUeii i,( I he
e»»8n4«nfpe!tt »f lh« tr»4t0f {n prnfewlonal
• |'tr»lors, miMj of (heiff of i PlW» \M(W1\ 8»
turn !r«(1«rs, win* «p»r«f« for » rtsK 1 * iMrn an4
<i« I.,. I flfiPR Ilitt (t)(t|p uf:i:,,tUH ,,i,i.li |,rer
f=<ifh«: 'j'hf »§*«§w fl ; 9vi?fflfnt ef ih* markPt
i« (h» natyraf vmtemMt of lh!i ciaps of
(-MFafl§fiii: t*f\vn are ml lit>i-tr (§ msve in
en 6hwUBR It*ymi4 ii>t emend day.- Th#
tuwmtBi in Erf* t«n*ifi««(i tt»^ (i«b/p e t ( ,f
HW:b M*1t>»l fltid Hi* f.HiWtUF? bb id Hi Bfl»
*ini is'ii^ fiitfii a tt^ipf irial tt was tm
H<*tWt>.llt<U wllh ilihtiiwltiihii W * \i>m \H lft<«
I ttlh'hh lti«l n w.hlest f«r »%nlH.( fHI#tlt be
!tm*ivpdi The itiPhfjr ih«l lh# tiouid
Mtsterti tti-oiiii Ht raliluatls wPre ttHVIhtt tof a
duhh llhe oullft tn the Atlahtie fount! Its ad
vuai«>. The liosslbmty" was In itself fllstUt-b
ifc* it* fjj^culallie sehtlrh^ht bn threatening to
uj**t <h*> etatufi quo In the trunh line terri
tory. Declines of Mi in New tork Central and
2 ! i in Pcnhtrlvnhia feave some point to this
*>)'prdi*nElon. I r or this reaeon the stfehgth of
ICHe had begun to lose its fympathetlc in
fluence Ijpfore that stock Itself vlelded to th<»
later T»fakne(!S of the market. The absorption
on the advance was very heavy, blocks of 6000
to R000 shares appearing on the tape. Union
V8rjflc was the first stock to show notable
weakness, possibly due to the fact that the
Kov«>rnl:jg committee of the Stock Exchange at
yesterday's meeting refrained from action on
the orrilicatlon of the company to list $100,-
UiO.eOO of convertible bends. London was an
active seller during the <Jay. The lesson of the
Northern Pacific corner was shown by the
timidity of arbitrage brckers about going short
of stock even on arbitrage account, where a
purchase in London had first been made against
t!ie sale here. Northern Pacific sold up to 205
during the day. The demand was believed to
be due to the requirements of London shorts. .
Tbe London Stock Exchange was reported to
1 avc decided to-day r.ot to reconsider its de
cislon'i-uspending tha rule for buying In of
Northern Pacific stock until June 10. But the
movement of the Etock Indicated that the Lon
don shorts had received some sort of warning
to prepare for a settlement. Anything con
nected with the Northern Pacific corner has
not lost its power to disquiet and it was a
disturbing Influence to-ciay. The statement of
the Hank of England for the week and the
hardening of the London money market lifted
the sterling rate to a higher level. The sharp
advance in sterling in Paris indicated the re
lief there over the closing- of subscriptions to
the Russian loan and suggested a cessation of
pressure for gold. Exchange experts, however,
believe that more gold will go out from New
York • this week. The final selling movement
In the etock market carried prices down from
2 to over 4 points. The weakness was severest
in the leading grangers. Pacincs, trunk lines
and 6ome of the Important specialties. The
United States Steel stocks shared in the gen
eral weakness. The bond market became Irreg
ular with the development of weakness in
stocks. Total sales, par value. {3,635,000.
V. S. Bonds were ail unchanged on the last
call.
NEW TORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold - Stock— Bid.
C8.700 Atchieon 75V
S.COO Atchison prefd 37
3.0C0 Baltimore & Ohio 103
1.000 Baltimore & Ohio prefd:.. 93
600 Canadian Pacific 102»i
100 Canada Southern ; Go
9,100 Chesapeake & Ohio 48U
3.600 Chicago & Alton 41V
200 Chicago & Alton prefd :; 7914
1,900 Chicago, Bur & Quin 195V 4
11,900 Chicago, Ind & Louis.. 32}*
SCO Chicago. Ind & Louis prefd...: 7l£
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 123
6.100 . Chicago & Great Western..; 21'i
¦ 100 Chicago A Great Western A prefd.. 7t%
600 Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 43 "
Chicago & Northwestern ... 195
809 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific 152^
S.IOO; Chicago Term & Trans 22 1 /*
2.1C0 Chicago Term & Trans prefd........ 42',i
100' GC C & St Louis.............. 80U
£.500 Colorado Southern*..'...'... 15 .
2.100 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 52
1.300 Colorado Southern 2d prefd.:. ".. 23>/i
Wieati bus'iieil tntmtuiithM i&W)
C6rri, bUshejiJ miiMMMiM.^tlO M,m
Oats, tjtiefiefs ii«««i»inniiill74,0W - ' 2iri,m
Mj-e-/ tjuSheis i,.,,n,t»tt,, B.000 1.0W
iiaiievi bti=heH miuummh 11, W) i,0W
On the Produce E^chanKe ttf-dav the huttef
market was flrtiij creamer^ I4©i8viej da!ry (
11@16Cj Cheese, SSlOHc Eggs, lie.
Foreign Futures.
NEW TORK, May 28.— Dispatches from cor
respondents of .. R. G. ? Dun '. & . Co. ". throughout
the winter wheat belt , promise an unusually
satisfactory yield. Conditions ; have * materially
changed since " the earlier statement '• was "; pre
pared, especially as . respects the Hessian fly,
which threatened serious destruction in some
sections a few weeks ago. The grain has now
made sufficient progress to preclude any. exten
sive 'losses through ¦• the j ravages of 'this' pest
and ' there ; is j little . sign < of other I untoward . in
fluence. In many States the acreage planted was
t Condition of Winter Wheat.
NEW YORK, May 23.— The speculative move
ment in tin in London continues to predominate.
On an urgent demand at that point to-day
values were run ud until they reached a level
above the close of last night, with the market
reported as excited and still tending ¦ upward.
At the close spot was quoted at £130 and fu
tures at £129 10s. Nothing to speak of devel
oped in the local market for. tin aside from a
sympathetic advance of about 60 points. The
local market closed firm, with spot quoted at
J28 15@28 45. . Copper in London was 5s - lower
under light selling- pressure, the close* 1 being
easy at £69 8s 9d for spot and £69 18s 3d for
futures. The copper situation here was without
variance, ruling nominally unchanged at $17
for Lake Superior and $16 62% for casting and
electrolytic. Lead was also without change,
but held steady at S4 37V4 In sympathy with the
rise abroad, prices In London advancing 3s . 9d
to £12 6s 3d. An easier feeling prevailed here
for spelter at quota blj unchanged' prices, $3 95
©4. -In London values were ..- also' without
change.-.: Bessemer pig -iron was. reduced BOc
to-day, the price now being $15 50. This had no
apparent effect upon the general iron market
other than to , create an ¦•• easier . undertone <
Prices were in buyers 1 favor at $9 50@10 50 for
pig iron warrants; Northern foundry, $15 25@
1G 50: Southern foundry, $14@15 50, and soft
Southern, $13@15 50. Glasgow .warrants closed
at 54s lOd and Mlddlesboro 45s 5'/ad. ¦¦
New York Metal Market.
Wheat— May. July-Aug.
Opening 20 10 20 70
Closing : 20 15 20 80
» Flour — May. July-Aug.
Opening 25 45 '25 95
Closing ....._. 23 40 2600
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— - . July. Sept.
Opening 6 11% 5 10%
Closing 5 lltt 6 10%
EASTERN MARKETS.
1,900 Delaware & Hudson .'. 162^
1,900 Delaware, Lack & West....... 223Vt
ZOO Denver & Rio Grande 45%
500 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 02>,i
242,700 Erie ;... 89%
11,600 Erie 1st prefd 67» 8
6,100 Erie 2d prefd $ 55
300 Great Northern prefd..... ....178
1,400 Hocking Valley 63
300 Hocking Valloy prefd 77
400 Illinois Central .V— 189
1,000 Iowa Central 83H
200 Iowa Central prefd 68
200 Lake Erie- & Western 66
Lake Erie & Western prefd 120
4.000 Louisville & Nashville 10U&
6,000 Manhattan L 113%
6.000 Metropolitan St Ry. 167H
2,500 Mexican Central 25%
4,100 Mexican National 11H
100 Minneapolis & St Louis 9<H,
32.800 Missouri Pacific ¦ 104ft
2,900 Missouri, Kan & Tex .'. 27
1,000 Missouri, Kan & Tex prefd 68%
800 New Jersey Central 158
8.C00 New York Central -. U9*i
1,900 Norfolk & Western 60ft
600 Norfolk & Western prefd S7*i
1,400 Northern Pacific 200
700 Northern Pacific prefd 97'^
S3.9C0 Ontario & Western 32'i
6,600 Pennsylvania 144
25,200 Reading 41%
10,600 Reading 1st prefd 75»4
21,700 Reading: 2d prefd 63
1,700 St Louis & San Francisco 43
St Louis & San Francisco 1st prefd. SO
1,400 St Louis & San Francisco 2d prefd. 68>i
COO St Louie Southwestern 32
200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 87^4
20,100 St Paul 159Ts
600 St Paul prefd * 194
9,400 Southern Pacific 46%
8.2C0 Southern Railway 29
2.100 Southern Railway prefd 82
6,100 Texas Pacific 45%
4,200 Toledo, St Louis & "West 22*i
3,400 Toledo. St Louis & West prefd 86
28,600 Union Pacific 100%
1,900 Union Pacific prefd '88
11.800 AVabash .\.* 21',,
13,200 Wr.bash prefd 40V«
200 Wheeling &* Lake Erie 17%
200 Wheeling '& Lake Erie 2d prefd 30
1,200 Wisconsin Central TO
100 Wisconsin Central prefd 43%
P C C & St L 73
Express Companies—
Adams 175
American 190
United States 80
Wells Fargo 140
. Miscellaneous —
15,400 Amalgamated Copper 115
8,700 American Car & Foundry 26
1,700 American Car & Foundry prefd 79>£
600 American Linseed Oil 21
900 American Linseed OH prefd 48%
300 American Smelting & Refining 66ft
2C0 Am Smelting & Refining prefd 96
4,300 American Tobacco 125%
S8.SOO Anaconda Minim; Company 46V a
7,800 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 7S'k
2,000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 93
6,700 Consolidated Gas 216ft
25,400 Continental Tobacco 68
700 Continental Tobacco prefd 108
700 General Electric 2£O
Glucose Sugar 56
100 Hocking Coal , 17ft
COO International Paper 23
International Paper prefd 78%
1.0C0 International Power r.«»i
Laclede Gas 83V&
1,900 National Biscuit 44
1,600 National Lead 17
National Salt 43
National Salt prefd 75<i
North American S5
Pacific Mall 34%
«,9C0 People's Gas UIH
6,700 Pressed Steel Car 45%
Pressed Steel Car prefd t>3>j
Pullman Palace Car 206
300 Republic Bteel .,,.,....,. 18ft
200 Republic Steel prefd 73
6,000 Sugar „.... 146ft
too Tennessee Coal Si Iron , 65Vi
loo Union Bag St. Paper Company 12);
£00 Union Bag & Paper Company prefd. 69
8,600 United Slates Leather ...... ....,.,., J$ft
4,100 United States Leather prefd. ,,,,,„. 77ft
400 United States Rubber r ! „,„,,!, foS
SI, 100 United State* Rubber iirefd ,,,.,,,, «2>4
ja.f.o.) United States Stetl .,,....,.,,,.,,,,' 4}u
800 United States Steel nrefd „,„„„,, M*J
W> >V«fern PnlPn rumfiMMMiMMim II ™
m,m shares «n|d, =',' .
Qwmm 'mum,
v s f» r*f wiMifiwu g yatn j«ts. t , M ,ifim
I Eotkk fm #"? fmWx i
i» «W to Ftfun fill Uf Nftv Mi.., „,..¦ [4
nf8f>JpJ >-,,,:mH lift C-GH £«:...•:,,: lj*J
Ait* »H (1 Mil/tip niiWMim,,,,, 4
Afl« 6R:iii iU a vJR'jittiihufii-m
efiitafw terhi 4s.-, NU a» iiy r,s ,,,, s ,, tl ,iiBQt
«^0lo gtMs-, «««,.»,. tab g&fl* tt «: t Hi, W
F W * D 0 WtifiiiiS Uploll Pa 4s,i,,,,,iO5H
G*?n E!ee U,l,tniiM% Wabash lsts u,uAil
Iowa Cth lBtn.anHl J too 2nds iir$tntillg
li & N Unl 43.^^103 West Shore 4s, i iiill3ti
M K & T 2nd9. ii 82^ AVls Cen-lsts^wi, 93
Do 4s KiiiiiiUii 99 Va Centuries.. ,.,, 65
NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Llttlu Chief ,,, lj
Alice, : 45 Ontario 8 00
Breece 1 6<J Ophlr ./ jo
Brunswick Con ... 17 Phoenix 12
Comstock Tunnel.. 03 Potosl- oi
Con Cal & Va.... 2 15 Savage 05
Dcadwood Terra .. 60; Sierra Nevada .... 10
Horn Silver 1 13; Small Hopes "45
Iron Silver 60,Standard 3 50
Leadville Con .... 05 1
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— West End ....94
Call loans 3%<n>4 Westlmjhouse Elec..62
Time loans 4 @5 Bonds —
Stocks N E Gas Coke 5s. 64
A T & S F 75*,!, Amer Tel 4s. 101
Do pfd 95% Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 146Vi Adventure 14
Do prefd 121Vj Bingham Min Co. 23
Amer Tel — .....179 Amal Copper Ho/
Boston & Albany. 255 Atlantic 30'
Boston Elevated ..185 Bos & Mont 430rS433
Boston & Maine.. 197 Butte & Boston.. 108
C B & Q 19514 C & Hecla. 830@840
Dominion Coal — 34 Centennial ........ 72»4
Do pfd 115 Franklin let?
U S Steel 43',i Humboldt 30
Do pfd • 92H Osceola - 87
Fltchburg pfd 105 IParrot 53
General Electric. 223 iQuincy 165
Mexican Cent 25ft Santa Fe Copper.. 07
N E Gas & Ccke. 10% Tamarack' 325
Old Dominion 3U4 Utah Mining ...... 2S%
Rubber 20% Wlnona 21U.
Union Pacific — 100% Wolverines ;;. 5$i£
Union Land 03 ' *
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK, May 23— Money on call, steady,
at 204V4 per cent; last loan, 4; ruling rate, 4
per cent: crime mercantile paper, 4@4% per
cent.. Sterling exchange, - strong, with actual
business in . bankers' bills at $4 S8H® 4 SSVi for
demand and $4 84% for sixty days; posted
rates, $4 S5\i and $4 89; commercial bills. $4 g<@
4 84%. Silver certificates, nominally, 60c. Bar
sliver, 59%c. Mexican dollars, 48&C. Govern
ment bonds, steady; State- bonds; inactive;
railroad bonds, irregular.
London Market.
NEW YORK, May 23.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's. London financial cablegram says:
The attendance at the -stock exchange here
to-day was small and prices were - Inclined to
droop.' owing more ' to -: neglect ' than . to any
pressure to • selL . Americans were '-'. still • dis
turbed, pending an ' authoritative • announce
ment concerning the settlement , of the North
ern Pacific complication." ,',The exchange com
mittee has decided to postpone consideration of
the resumption of buying. In ! of , that stock un
til the 10th of June. This announcement served
Dried Fruit in Nrju York.
Mall reports from New Tork say:
"Conditions In the dried fruit trade are very
quiet, business being almost entirely of a band
to-mouth character. Prunes are not at all
plentiful, but with the light demand, the mar
ket Is barely steady. The very small sizes,
from 100s up, are in a tairly good request from
jobbers at our quotations. This size Is in light
supply et the moment. There are a number
of lots of very poor stuff of all sizes on the
market, holders selling; at almost anything: they
can get. California raisins are dull in a Job
bing way. Seeded are In fair demand from the
consumptive trade.
Imported Valencia raisins are meeting good
request from tbe Canadian trade, some fair
sized lots selling from 4»4@5»i in bond. Hallo-
Mi and Khadrawl dates are dull and easy.
There Is a little demand for Sairs. which are
quoted at 2%c Figs meet with a steady small
request. Low rrades are most wanted. Cur
rants are firm, but actual business is not ex
tensive, the trade generally not being anxious
to buy at the advance. Low grade peaches con
tinue in some demand, sales being reported at
b@5*Ac in bars.
Evaporated apples are firmer but quiet. Hold
ers ask 5%c for prime, with buyers still bid
ding 4%c. Chops are quiet. Waste is quite ac
tive and is higher. Bales of several cars are
reported at $1. Something: of a feature of the
consumptive trade in dried fruits is a consider
ably more active demand for apples, due un
questionably to the late season for fresh
fruits."
Weather Report.
(130th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 23. 6 p. m-
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season, and rainfall tn last 24 hours:
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
CO; minimum, 49; mean, U.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the past
12 hours over Oregon and Washington and has
fallen over Southern California and Arizona.
An area of low pressure overlies the valley of
the Colorado and duet storm* are reported from
both Bides of the Sierra.
A trace of rain Is reported at San Diego and
fit Eureka. Rain Is falling generally through
Oregon.
The temperatures are still far below the nor
mal throughout California, but warmer weather
is likely to prevail Friday and Saturday.
Forecast made at San Franclrco for 80 hours
« j.dln? midnight. Mar £4:
Northern California— Fair Friday, warmer;
frrrh northerly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy Friday, with
dust storms in the valleys; light southerly
changing to brisk northerly wln/ls.
Nevada— Cloudy, unsettled weather Friday,
with brlitk northwest winds.
rtalj— Fair Friday; fresh north winds.
Arnona— Fair Friday; brisk southerly winds.
Han Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday,
«i aimer; light northerly changing to fresh
v ••*•!¦ rly winds.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Sterling Exchange advanced. Silver a fraction weaker.
Wheat futures opened firmer, but fell back.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Bran and Middlings firm. Hay unchanged.
Nothing new in Beans.
Potatoes weakening and old Onions lower.
Vegetable market well supplied and weak. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs in ample supply.
Citrus fruits weak and quiet.
Cherries coming in cracked by the rain.
Honey weak, but selling fairly. Dried Fruits weak and quiet.
No furtlier change in the meat market.
Local stocks and bonds quiet. Oil stocks.more active.
Three cars of Poultry in from, the East.
Potatoes are weakening, and •» the market Is
better supplied. ' Onions, r too, are j easy, • and
Australian are lower. , . " v ~ »» ''-¦¦ ::r
Cucumbers from Winters brought 50c per
dozen. .¦;-: ' . • : ¦
Vegetables as a rule were in good supply and
without especial features. • - :
r Receipts were 631 boxes Asparagus, 449 boxes
Rhubarb," 447 sacks Bay 'Peas and 149 sacks
String Beans. .'"\:' : " .<•'¦¦:,•:. '"•'!¦' ""¦¦' ¦'¦^¦ J - ; 
'¦ POTATOES— Burbanks, • 50c@$l for. River and
$1 25@1 75 for Oregon; Garnet Chiles,; $1 25@1 40:
Sweets, 65@75c for Merced; New Potatoes., 1%@
2c per lb in sacks and $1 25@1 85 in boxes. -•*.,..,•-.
: ONIONS— Australians,. 7 Jobbing, ;at ; $4@4 25;
Green Ooions, 25@35c per box, New Red, 75@8»c
per sack.'—- ¦ ..;.-.--,-•.::¦.¦•-¦ '."¦¦ ' ¦•-¦ .. r .
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 50c@$l 50 per • box ;
BEANS— Bayos. ,$2 45@2 60; Small White, $4 90
@5; Large "White, $4@4 20; Pink, a $1 40@l 70;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Limas, $6 25
@6 35; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Fla*,.$2 50@3; Canary, 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 2@
2%c- Hemp, 3V4c;' Timothy. 6%c.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50; Green, . |2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal. .'
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
The situation shows no'change whatever.
Several cars of new volunteer Hay came In
and brought $7@8per ton. Old Hay showed no
change. " Feedstuffs remained as before.
BRAN— $17@18 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $17@18 'per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the. mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; , Corn Meal,
$27 50@28; Cracked Corn. $28 50@29 ; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. -,:¦¦-'• •;•
. HAY— Volunteer, $5@8 ; -"Wheat. $11@13; "Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $8@9 50; Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35@47%c per; bale. . .
Beans and Seeds. -
Hay and Feedstuffs.
FLOUR-Callfornla family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 E0@2 76 per barrel for family and
$2 75ig3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $3 75
@3. '-'¦•
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces in sacly are as follows,
uaual discount to the trade: ., Graham Flour,
$3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 76: Rye Meal, $2 60;
Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $3; extra cream do,
$3 75; Oat Groats, $4 75; Hominy, $3 75@4; Buck
wheat Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 60;
Farina, $4 EO; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 23; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 3S@7 85; in sacks, $6@7 50;
Pearl Barley. $5; Split: Peas, $5; Green Peas,
$6 50 per 100 lbs. ? . ¦ . .
Flottr and Mittstuffs.
fflfflFmsl His?slen=»il§ fl'feiselt=N8 nliii
HtWikf MoFHjJitf SegsleB=Di6§fnb«F=iI,fle9
ma, fiej wm, me, a
O/Pm='hi9 wrtrfeet eaiHlHU^s neMleelert,
Whits, fi S7W<8i esi Heflilflafi tied,
t|tW, fi mm m .White, $185} mmd, h m
. «y(^|0&82U6"'ueF etl.
UUdtiWIi^Af =i« qtibteo 5 at »i 83 fie? etl, ex
wareiioueei ' ,¦
QAUt H0ABf> &Ahm,
WHEAT— There are signs of a livelier mar
ket at Chicago. Phillips, who worked the Corn
deal, has entered the wheat pit and was trying
to break the market yesterday. Liquidation of
long wheat caused an advance In the morning,
and there was considerable short selling. Ship
ping business wan disappointing. The feeling
afterward became easier on moderate rains,
which led to some bear prenaure. Htlll later the
tone was firmer, and the shorts covered on re
ports of serious damage by Hessian fly devel
oping In Indiana, Another source of strength
wa« the free bidding for a large quantity for
German account. Iiroomhall cabled that the
official German report announced that 47 per
cent .of the wheat and 11 per cent of the rye
area had been abandoned. Wall street bought
July; the Southwest also bought freely and
nfty.three loads were taken for export at New
York. These bullish conditions rendered hold
ers very firm, and gave strength to the market.
This market opened firm on call, but subse
quently fell hank.
Kf"t Wheat-Shipping. 91Mo; milling, , Wit
10?ty perjeUr
r<TAL.b BOARD SALRS,
..fMmwyj J«««l«n=Peeemb«r=rgQ00 C .|., II 03%;
Ile«f»»lftF M^Mi* g?Ml0Fv=P.§e§mb#iMWo
«, I) <V M *"«<••, It ".3
*'M?' n M fop NS: l »nrt TOOTIUe [<\fM
Oiievall'Fi no!flln§li
Wheat and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange Is higher. Silver Is a frac
tion'weaker. •
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 86
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89 Vi
Sterling Cables : - 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — • 10
New York Kxchunge, telegraph.. — 32%
Silver, per ounce — C9&
Mexican Dollars, nominal.. 49ft ® 60
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Asparagus. $1 60@l 75 for large. : $101 25 per
box for No. 1 and 35@75o for No. 2; Green Peas.
65c@« per sack; Garden Peas. 2@2^c: String
Beans,' 3@5o for Vacaville and 4@«c for
River; Cabbage, 60@75c per ctl; Tomatoes.rMex
ican, >$l@l 25 per crater from Los Angeles, 50c@
$1; Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra, 15c per
lb; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; (Hothouse Cucum
bers, 75c@$l per dozen; Mary sville Cucumbers,
$1 75@2 per box; Garlic, 4o for new; Green Pep
pers,. 6®10c per lb; Egg Plant, 8@12%c per lb;
Green Corn, 4O@5Oc per dozen; Summer.SquajBh,
$1@1 25 per box; Bay do, $2. • ¦
Poultry and Game.
The arrival of three cars of Eastern Poultry
gave the market a weak tone, and local stock
was slow of sale, though prices were no* actu
ally lower. ' ¦ ¦ . ¦¦
. POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and ll@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $125®
150; Goslings. $1 50@2; Ducks, $3 50@4 50 for
old . and . $5@6 for. young; Hens, $4@5; young
Roosters, $6 50@7 50; old jj Roosters.- $4@4 50;
Fryers. $4 60@5; Broilers, $3 50® 4 for large
and $2@2 50 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per
dozen f or ' old - and $1 25@1 60 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1@1 25; .Rabbits, Jl 25@1 50
for Cottontail and-75c@$l for Brush. ¦
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
' The Dairy Exchange reduced its price for
ranch Eggs, . but there was no decline in the
open market, though the street quoted a very
weak feeling, with excessive stocks in a poor
demand. ........ < .. ¦¦
Cheese remains unchanged.
Stocks of - Butter have become more or less
reduced,,,, but i large i supplies are looked for
to-day and the feeling continues weak, with
more * sellers than .buyers. Prices remain
unchanged.: '
Receipts .were 75,300 pounds and 190 tubs of
Butter, 1289 cases of Eggs, cases Eastern
Eggs, -27,600 pounds California Cheese and —
pounds Eastern Cheese. '
OPEN. MARKET QUOTATION&
• BUTTER— Creamery, 17H@18c per lb for
fancy and 16tt@17e for seconds; dairy. 14@16%c
per lb. > . ¦ ¦
CHEESE— New, 8@9o; old, nominal; Young
Americas, D@lOc. ¦
. EGGS— Ranch, 14%@16c for good to fancy;
store, :12%@l3',4c per dozen.
DAIRY ¦ EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
| BUTTER— '
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 18c; seconds,
I Dairy— Extras, 16c; firsts,' 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, p 13o. : • . .
¦ CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c; choice,
7Jic;; common; nominal; Young Americas, »ttc;
E "tern, full cream, 15016%o per.lb.
'< California Ranch— Selected White, 14c; mixed
colors; 13o per dozen.
'California Gathered-Selected, 12%o; standard,
12c; seconds,' . •
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
' Four cars of Oranges are announced for
to-day's auction. The market for this fruit
continues ' weak, and prices for the medium
grades are off. Lemons and Limes are still
In liberal supply, weak and dull.
Cherries are again coming in cracked by. the
rain, and as receipts yesterday ran up to
nearly 4700 boxes prices were lower. Berries
and Currants were in ample supply, but prices
showed little change. Arrivals of Peaches are
light as yet, and the fruit is generally green.
Eastern Apples are lower and dull.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Eastern, $1 75@2 per box; local
new^ 60<g65c. - ,
APRICOTS— $1 per crate and 76c@$l per box
for Prlngles and $1©1.25 for Seedlings and
Royals.
CHERRIES— Receipts "were 4676 boxes, sell-
Ing at 30@50c per box for red, 40$7&c for dark
and 65@7Sc for Royal Anne; in bulk, 4@6c per
lb for black.
CHERRY PLUMS— 50® 60c per drawer.
PEACHES— $1®1 25 per box.
STRAWBERRIES-$5©7 per chest for Long
worths and $305 for large berries. Receipts
were 432 chests and 810 crates. The latter sold
at 75c<3$l per crate.
LOGAN . BERRIES— 40@50c per drawer and
7Dc©$l 25 per crate.
BLACKBERRIES-From Newcastle, $1 50
per crate.
ItASPHERRIES— 25c@3Oc per drawer; from
Newcastle, $1@1 50 per crate.
GOOSEBERRIES— 25©35c -per drawer; Eng
lish. per lb.
CURRANTS— 3S@60c per crate and 35®60c per
r cTTRUS FRUITS— Naval Oranges, 75c@$2 25;
Seedlings, eOcjJIl; Mediterranean , Sweets,
75ciS1l 50; Tangerines, 00c@$l 25; Lemons, 75c
0$l 25 for common and $1 D0®2 B0 for good to
choice; Orapo Fruit, G0c<Q!$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$4i84 50: Bananas. $1 S0©2 50 per bunch for
New Orleans and jk/2 for Honolulu; Pine
apples, $24|4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
With the exception of new Honey, which U
selling fairly at weak prices, everything In
this market Is quiet. Apricots are firm. Mall
advices from New York nay that the Eastern
ers are taking very llttlo ¦ stock In the re
ports of a email Prune crop. They are always
very skeptical In regard to damage reports
KRU1TK— Apricots, 5(0 7'/4c for Royals: Evapo
rated Apples, 406c; sun-dried, l«/4©2c; Peaches,
Sl&<ff4e for fctandard, 4V/©5V4 for choice and til
8Hc for fancy; Pears, 2fl/7c; Plums, pitted, 3®
4c; unpltted, . l&WiV, Nectarines, 4ft4>&c for
red and 4'./6o for whlt>>.
PRUNKS— 4 sizes. 2a: 40-60n, «>4c: P0-60>i, 4'4c;
60-70S, .1-Yif!; 70-80s, V\c; 8O-90s, 2%c; 90-lOOs,
2'/ic; 100.120s, l^c.
RAISINS— The Ralaln Growers' Association
has rntnlillkh'-'l the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12a per> lb; choice, lie;
vlandard, 10c; prime, 0c; unbleached Thomp
son's, &(• per Hi. Bultnnaa-Fancy. invio per lb;
rholce, 8V*c; ntnndtr.1, 6%a; prime, 8n: un
liloached Sultanas, 8o; Seedless, F.O-lh boxes,
6'/ic: 4 -crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6Vic; 2,crown, 6o.
Paclno |>rand— 2-crown, Bo: S-crown, 6%c, and
4-crown, R'.io; leeded (Fresno prices). Btfe;
I^ndon Myers, 2-crown, II to per box: »•
crown, ft 60: Fancy CluHters, 12; Pehesa, $2 SO;
Imperial, $3. All prlcox t. n. b. At common
shipping points In California.
#rJTH~WBlniM», No- J sofuhill, 1fl®Hc: No.
Almonds, lib Ho fn? jiapfcrsh«ll, Iftflllo fnf soft?
Hliell am) lit'lte tor ti,»nl»hell; I'r.iniitn. mi 6a
f,,V JKsitirni ?*r»»ll ¦ H«Ml IWWAe) Jr'llh.fts,
|?f/|9»^n: pBrjans, l/flUf f, Pe«P«BM(«, f? S^&:_
*M*toet font mw m*f«««Ii wvv&ei d»fk,
Piwlil&u, T?$5
Tn «pfte flf tfi? §a*ln«» et this fflartit ih§
Wt«tera fnaFkets flfe rmfi^ flFfn »fld 86=
tlv#, PFlee§ ti§F« shew ne tuHhw ehiBfe,
(JURMl* MMA'i"^=ii«66fl, 12e {J6F ib fof heavy,
18Vi*i'18e tBf )\Mi fH«tl.ti»li 18^e ft*? H*Ht, J4^s
frfl fcuwf'tuMd mm ttmmiMw.tefii $12
i-tff barrSli Mlftt iim, $11 60 i .FaJnljiJi lit 50 i
lt\m§ Mess Vtitk, 4l3j.fe*tfa tieah, Mi Mesa,
|19j SHit-keiJ «eef, JSV4(?i4« Ppe 16: ?¦
tiAnb^tiettPH 4U0U(i at 6?itJ pef lb tdf fidm*
tiountl aild icwrlo^tifor' btirej hafr-barrels, jjttr#,
mjfl-lO«c| 10-lb -titts, 10%©llttdj 6-lb • tins*
l0 COTTOLt3NEM5K4J half-bari-el, 8t4cJ three
half -barrels, 8%cj one tierce, 89iej two tierces,
8<idi five tierces, 8%d per lb.
Hides,. Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about VAo under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 10c: medium, 9c; light, ,8(0'8Hc: Cow
Hides. 814c for heavy and 8V6c for light; Stags,
6%c: Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9@914c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls. 13%@14c: Dry
Kip 16c; Dry Calf, 16@17c:* Culls and Brand*.
13fal4c: Sheeoskins, shearlings, 15@20c each;
short "Wool. 30(??)j0c each; medium. 60<g>7r.e; long
Wool. R0c@fl each: Horse Hides. saR, $2 50 (or
large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1@1 25 for small
and SOc for Colts; Horse Hides, dry. $173 for
large, $1 25 for medium, $1 for small and 30c
for Colts. Deersklns^ — Summer or red skins. 33c:
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin RKlna.
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, BOc; medium, 35c.
TALIX1W— No. 1 rendered, 4#c per lb; extra
fine, 5c: No. 2, ZM&ic; grease. 2@2Hc.
"WOOL— Sprinp, 1900 or . 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno. 15<gl6c per lb: Northern, free, 12@
13c- defective. 9@llc; Middle County, free, 10©
lie ••'<io, -defective, 8®10c; Southern, 12 months,
S@9c: Southern, free. 7 months. 7@10c; do, de
fective. 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fine. 15
fir 16c - do, medium and coarse, 14® 15c: Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
San Francisco Meat Market.
There is no further change to report tn this
market. J
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are • as ' follows : '
BEEF— 7©7%c for Steers and 6@6%c per lb
f °\TEAT^Lar(?e, 7%@Sc; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%@7c
per pound. . ¦ ' .
LAMB— Spring. 8@9c per pound.
POKK— Live Hogs, ' 180 lbs and under. 6^c;
l»0 to 225 lbs. 6%c: 225 and over, 5%©6c; feed-
Jra ; dressed Hogs, 7»4@9 1 / 4c. .
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAGS-^San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Cal
cutta Grain : Bags. v7%c;, local make, %c less
than f Calcutta* ; Wool; Bags,' 30@34c; Fleece
Twine. 7%@8c. ' . .
: COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; . Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle,- $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $o 50;\ ; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, - $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; : Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10; per, ton: Coke, $15 per, ton in. bulk and
$17 In a sacks; "Rocky. -Mountain 'descriptions,
$8 45 per 2000 pounds and $S 60 per ton, accord
ins ¦> to ¦ brand. - •• ./ _ .' ¦ /.'; '_ ' '
•- OILS^-California ' Castor Oil. ' in " cases, ' Nail,'
75c; pure, -l $.1 30; i Linseed. Oil; In barrels, • boiled,-
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2 red Western
winter. 5s HM:d; No. 1 Northern spring, 6s #d;
No. 1 California. 6s l«/4d. Futures, quiet; July,
Cs liyd: September, 6s 10?4d.
CORN— Spot American, mixed new quiet,
4s %A. Futures, dull; July, 3s lOTid; Septem
ber, 3s 10%d.
LIVERPOOL. May 23.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California, /6s HidJjBs 2d; wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet: French coun
try markets, firm; weather in England fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 U-32d.
CLOSING.
LONDON. May 23.— Consols. 94 1-16; silver,
27V£d ; French rentes, lOlf 42%c ; wheat cargoes
on passage, rather firmer; No. 1 standard Cali
fornia, 20s 4Hd; English country market?,
steady. > ~
Foreign Markets.
TACOMA, " May 23.— Wheat— Unchanged.
Blue Stem. 61c; Club, 68c.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, May 23.— Wheat— Steady. No
new business reported. Walla Walla, 60@«lc.
Cleared— Bark Vimerla, for Queenstown, with
152.511 bushels of wheat. -
Foreign wheat exports from Portland for
the week ending to-day were 614,163 bushels.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Or., May 23.— Clearlnge, $316,
234; balances. $45,775.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
CHICAGO, May 23.— Porter Bros.' Company
eales of California fruit: Apricots— Pringle,
$1 15 to $2 00; Newcastle, $1 75 to $2 05; Royal,
$3 25; Gold Dust, $3 35; Seedling, $1 05 for crates
and $1 15 for boxes. Peaches— Snead, $5 00.
Cherries— Tartarians, 60c to $2 05; Bigarreau,
60c; Royal Anne, 60c to $2 35; Rockports, 65c:
Centennial, $1 to $2 15; Cherry Plums, 55c to
70c. . . •¦ , . * •¦'¦
NEW YORK, May 23.— Porter Bros.' Com
pany sales of California fruit: Cherries—Tar
tarians, 35c to $1 70; Royal Anne. 85c to $1 85;
Rockport, 60o; Pontlac, Me; Bigarreau, 45c;
Governor Woods, 45c to 65c; Etons, 43o to 50c;
Superior; 45c to 55c. Apricot*— Pringle, $1 62 to
$187; Royal, $2; Gold Dust, $3.- -
California Fruit Sales.
HOGS-^-Receipts to-day, 30,000; to-morrow,
22,000; left over, 1000. - Active, strong to 5c
higher, good clearances; top, J5 92%. Mixed and
butchers, - $5 60@5 87% ; . good to choice . heavy,
$5 75@6 92%; rough heavy, $5 60@5 70; light,
$5 65<g>5 82^4; bulk of sales, ?5 75@5 85.' • '
SHEEP— Receipts, 14,000. Sheep and year
lings, steady; lambs, steady to slow. '• Good to
choice wethers, $4 40@4 65; fair to choice mixed,
$4 15@4 40; Western sheep, $i@4 65; yearlings,
$4 B0@4 70; native lambs, $4 10®5 85; Western
lambs, $£@5 85. ¦•' - ¦ - • ¦
CHICAGO, May 23.— CATTLE— Receipts, 9000.
Steers.' active, strong to 10c ' higher. Butchers*
stock;' steady. : Good to ~ prime steers, j $3 30@6;
poor to medium,' $4 20®6 20; stockers and.feed
ers, slow, fancy up to $5 15; cows, $2 90®4 70;
heifers, $2 90@4 90; canners, $2 25@2 90; bulls,
$3@4 40;' calves, . active, $4 25@C; Texas fed
steers, $4 25@5 40; bulls. $2 75@3 90.
Chicago. Livestock Market.
NEW fORK, May '23.— The opening- was
steady, with prices unchanged to 1 point lower.
English buying of July •» and short covering
caused a rally and the. market was steady all
day.. The close was strong, with prices net 1@
10 points higher. - ', -.-*¦- *. ¦ -
New York Cotton Market.
slightly smaller than last year's, -but the bet
ter condition as a rule suggests an equally good
yield. This includes allowance for losses . In
Texas, -. where drought - necessitated replanting,
and in many cases the final acreage was not
more than half last year's. As the- entire yield
of the State is a comparatively unimportant
factor in the total winter wheat crop its mis
fortunes will not materially affect the aggre
gate. , • , ,-..--. -:¦ ¦-;¦¦': ¦;
Flour, qr sks..... 7.390 Straw, tons. * 5
Wheat, ctls 7,507 Wool, bales. 22S
Barley, ctls 4,560 Shorts, sks 2^
Oats, ctls 200 Sujrar. ctls 700
Beana, sks 20O Wine, sals 23,000
Corn, ctls 35. Leather, rolls.... - 46
Rye, ctls.... 200 Quicksilver, flska • 83
Potatoes, sks 1,949 Tallow, ctls 243
Onions, sks 1.09J Lime, bbls - 182
Bran, ska 2,510 Hides. No :.. ?«
Middlings, sks.... 4QO Pelts, bdls 125
Hay. tons 715 RaUins. bxs 1.40O
FOR THURSDAY. MAT 21
Receipts of Produce.
75o; raw. 73c; cases. 6o more: Lard Oil. «£»
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 85«: f"," 1 *
Nut, B3i3f63o per gallon; pure Neatsfoot OH.bar
rels. 85c; case*. 70c; Sperm, pure, toe; Whale
Oil, natural white. 37%@42%c per gallon; Flsn
Oil, in barrels, 35c; cases. 40c *¦ • _ -
* COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
12%c; Pearl Oil. In cases. 18%c; -Astral, l«|c.
Star. 18%c; Extra Star, 22tfc; Elaine. 23%c
Eocene. 20%c; -deodorized- stove- Gasoline in
bulk, 15c; in cases, 21c; Benxlne. in bulk, 14c;
In cases. -20c; 86-degree Gasoline. In bulk, 20c.
In cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon In cases and
49c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags: -
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered, 5.S3c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.85c; Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Fruit Granulated, 5.73c; Mas
nolia A, 6.35c; Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C. 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Doml
nos. half -barrels. 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
PARAFFINE WAX CANDLES— Now quoted
as follows: Is, 2s. 4s and 6s, 10&c per lb; 12s,
lie; colored, lc more.
- Fbllowln, were' the sale- In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday-^
SCO Ophir 1 °° • ,
- - Afternoon Session.
400 Ophlr ........ l_02^a____
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. May 23—4 p. m.
t ' TIM Ask . - Bid. Ask.
Ah**. .. OS ¦« Turtle <» M
*§**' oi 02'^entuck - 03
Caledonia « 50 Overman ~ 12 W
SF. c r:: S- oIIav°agV::::::::: So %
C^n Imperial.™ - 01 Sierra Nevada. 13 It
tt£ N^York. - 01 Silver Hill 33 Si
Crown Point... 10 12 St Louis 06 --
Eureka Con.... 06 — Standard 3 80 3 90
™e^: | I §«::::: S g
?u a ila & ..^f": - i Yellow Jack^ iS S
Matilda Janson to B. J. P. Sterner, lots 13
and 14, block 160, same; also all proporty In
1920 D. 26/ made by B. J. F. Selmer to Matilda
Janson April 22. 1901 (see 18th deed Jn abstract
No. 3007. April 23, 1901); gift.
Same to George C. and Sarah S. Baldwin,
lot on NE line of Twentieth avenne South.
73 SE of J street. SE 75 by NE 100. block 3S3,
same; $500. • '
OlU-e Verkouteren to Alme D. and Rosa
Athenour. lot on N line of Nineteenth avenue
South, 150 SE of L street, NE.100 by SE 73.
lot It. block 366, South San Francisco Home
stead and Railroad Association; $300.
Giacomo and Gulseppe Matorella to Louis
and Christina Renner, lot 33, Bernal Home
stead; $500.
Joseph fl. and Aiabel tu (Joryell td Southern
Pacific Company, lot on ft corner of Thirty
fourth avenue and K street South. NB 58:11.
NW 1SO:5H. SB 171:3, block 49, Paul Tract:
also lot on W corner of Thirty-fourth avenue
and K street South, NW 75 by SW 100, block
60 same; al3o lot on SW line of Thirty-fourth
avenue South. 3f)0 N of K street. NW 73 by
SW 100, block 50, same; also lot on N corner
of Thirty-eighth avenue and Railroad avenue
South, NE 50 by NW 123:10, block 57. same;
$4000. '
John Pforr to Anna Pforr. lot on 8 line of
Ney street, 250 E of Craut. a 10O by E 23.
block 8. College Homestead; $300.
Elizabeth W. Ranlett to Elizabeth Nichol
son, 16ts 43 to 49, block E, Lake view; $300.
Alice M. Schmidt. Sarah B. Flshor, Krtwar.t
M. Smith, Addle M. Zlegler, J. W. and Charts*
H. Smith, Mary Irwin, Nancy Caseboldt, Rezln
Bmlth, Laura Chick, Leila C. Coffman anl
Jane Colby to Thomas VV. and Christopher C.
Rivers, lot on NW lino of Market street, 444
SW of Church, SW 25, NW 116:1, N S8:5Vi. SB
Ui:t%; $25CO.
City and County of Ean Francisco to Flora
I). June*, lot mi W line of Bryant street, lit
6 of Twenty-sixth, W 200. S 1M, NE} 824. N 1;
also lot on BE* corner of Tw«nty-slxtn and
Bryant str««ts. 8 ««, NB J57, W H3( »
Margaret M. and Charles VVestwood to Moe«s
FUher. 'l'it on K line o/ Sanchez street, Hi
Jf of Valley, N ?5 by B l6i); llflOO. " "
Sam* to A.lolpt; llaysi:. l.it oa K lln« nt J«r
, fW* to nh»r|o»« Punnjnjrham
dW}M, p M l»i #!-« III. Jfl'fFHl Fft
a bJJv#,fl,»fid ti«6«if ft fJJfl! !a AMr$w U
flfiw.rtfd*, hi m )v jlH^eLTeHlw a¥*nu#, fli
f» t>t H *lf*ei, M fs bit W i3rtj 14?%
¦ I'dem* tfrttlfji ip F>stB«fj«# ft @atHf» /•»
811 314, 618 itt& Ii9 h tfhhAti lj tsljU '•
atf to Elisabeth PapfttftiSi*, *«urt«j »iooOi
Ltm •rtd s«sie «¦ Weleh toyE-usenia OriK<«
(wife of Joseph), lots 15W t(* Mil, gift map Si
$ioco.
John Rosenfeld to Martin Trespallln, lot on
SW corner of Sterner and Turk street*. 8 17:1
by W 106:3, quitclaim deed; $1.
Martin Trespallle to Ntcolaus Ahrens, same;
$2O.00O. .
Marie Mocker to Andruw Mocker, lot on 8
line of Page street, 137:6 E of Broderlck, E 27:4
by 8 137:8; gift.
Catherine Doran to Patrick Doran, lot on W
line of Lyon street, 80 N of California, N 27:7V*
by W loo: sift.
Frederick Fritz to Elizabeth Haskell, Matilda
Hanke and August Fritz, undivided one-quar
ter of lot on SE line of Howard street. 200 SW
of Twelfth, SW 25 by SE 137:6; $1500.
Mary K. Jaudln to Fannls M. How* (wtf* of
Clarence F.), George E. and Harry U. Jaudln
and Mary A. Lusk (wife of Albert M.), lot on
W line of Lander* street, 1S5 8 of Fourteenth,
B 25 by W 123; elft.
Estate of James P. Dameron (by John D.
Dameron executor) to Samuel B. Welch, lot
commencing at NE corner of W. A. block
« W 157? by S 137:6 (SW corner Francisco
fnd larkln streets, S 137:6 by W 137:6); *6000.
Leroy Hutchinson to Austin Hutchlnaon^ lot
on N line of Greenwich street. 191:3 E of
A. Hewitt,
lot on SE corner of Washington and Lypa
streets E 313 by 3 100:4. quitclaim deed; $10.
Danfel and Ellen Einstein to Fr-derlck B.
Lake lot on E line of Lyon street. So N of
C && M. b a y ndV^nlaT'Cowl. *nd Joseph
C Pettrs to Lewis H. Bishop, lot on NB- cor
nerof Lyon and Grove streets, N 100 by E
"samuel 3^' and JulU C. Buckbee- to Spencer
C. Buckbee. lot Un« o^Clay^street. 137:4
E Capita? "investment Company (a corporation)
to Felix Marcuse, lot on N line of Sacramento
street 115:4 E ot First avenuev B 250, N
llfflO*. W 114. N »:9%. W 138. S 127:S'>i;
H. and Helga M. Bagge to ChrUtln*
Hart Wt on E line of Woojlw«£ •^•nu^ 273
N of Fourteenth street. N 25 by B V°i»V^' -
Mary Grant et al. (by John Lackmann.
8nertff) to James H. Swift, lot on NE corner
of Fifteenth and Minna streets. B 25 by N
W El*y 1 l' and Helen J. Hutchinson to AUo« and
•u-riJfarlek Grass lot on B lln« of Dolores
¦tSat » SLof Elghtte^Ji, 8 30 b 7 B 85; $1300.
Manr B T^uldock (by B. P. Oliver, commls
slontrt to Hernia Savings and Loan Society.
?o? onNE comer of Jackson and Front streets
N lKa.f fiSttl M. Watsca to John Ro
seSeld (H) and John
n?en E to% e U^&TSJ^ & «£?£
-jX^rri^r^ern^Sanes and Theo-
E o ?f i ss&r a w ares* 1 "? L
Charles Lelautel to Jules Lambla and Au-
Ortlon. lot on NV corner £« Cl***™"
and Waverly place. W 89:1 VI by N 38:4%:^ $2000.
Eugenie and Joseph Cressens to Market-street
Railway Company, to correct 1913 D. 243, lot
on W line of Marcy place. 115 S of Jaokson
street. S 22:6 by W 66:6; *10. tt««,»
G. Howard Thompson to George W. Hume,
lot on S line of Sutter street. 42:8 E of Jones,
E 63 by S 137:6; $78,000.
Thomas Qulgley to Charles Holmgren, lot on
E line of San Bruno avenue (Nebraska). 175 N
of Twentieth (Napa) street. N 25 by B 100;
John H. Hammond to Christopher J. and
Margaret Hlrd. lot on N*E corner of Tola and
Rhode laland streets. N 25 by B 100; $1000.
Otto H. Johnson to Joseph B. Cpryell. lot on
SW lln»of Sixteenth avenue South. 100 NW of
P street. N\V B0 by BW 100. block 333. O'N. &
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Louts*
Schlueter and Minnie Gundlflnger. lot on W
line ot San Bruno avenue, 200 S or Eve street,
S 25 by W 132; $400. ¦ ":' '
Ida Brown to Marsaret C. Bovans, lot on Ivy
avenue, 181:3 E of Lacuna street. W 25 by N
60' $1500.
F. J. O. Margetson and as trustee of Pnelpa
Manufacturing Company to J. R. Howell, lot
on NE line of North Point and Buchanan
street. N 275 by E 412:6; also lot on NE line
of Beach and Buchanan streets. N 271 by B
412:6; $51,000. • '
Thomas H. and Sarah D. O'Connor to Am
brose P. Herllhy, lot on N line of Union street,
62:8 E of Webster, E 23 by N 100; $1400.
William C. Albencer (by B. P. Oliver, Com
missioner.) to Judoh Boas, lot on S line of P»
clflo street, 125 E of Webster, E 30 by S 117;
$10,250.
Auguite Fromm to George W. Turner, lot on
N line of Washinrton street. 33:6 W of Fill
more. \V 25:3 by N" 102: SS600.
REAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
M8ff»inff ggiSlefl.
\m pffifFRTa-^tandaFd ..MiiMuuiM.il* I!
IjfiAfifl»ft§OjUUU«JIMlUIMMIIIIIUIMUMI M
bm imetmntUHee, b W,i»i>im,,,.ii,,,.,«, w
i(i^ fiovgfeiMH niiiiiinufii*i«iiiiiiMi»i«ii , «5
B« SWrjjnu v <:.:««i«i«.»«,Mii««»iw,i,«.i,. i ert
1W Steciltlrf, rWiiiiiiiiimiiiiiiiiHiii 1 J3
750 Twenty-eight >ii<iii<n<»<>>><«ii<«t<i 113
Afternoon Session,
/ Soarfl^- 5
lOWl lndep«ndenctf tuiituuiimuuuftui 1$
1P00 McKlttrlck ¦luiiiMiiiiiitilumuiiii Vf
300 Monarch of Arizona , t . t ,,,,,,t, tl ,.. t 43
SAN FllANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board —
600 California-Standard 34
BOO California-Standard 33
200 Monte Cristo 2 20
BOO Petroleum Center 03
6C0 Twenty-eight ..'125
Afternoon Session,
Board—
ECO Independence 15
BOO Independence, b 90 18
500 Monarch of Arizona, s 15 42
60 Peerless 8 00
• 60 Peerless, b 90 8 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session,
100 Best & Belcher 23 300 Ophlr 97
10O Best & Belcher 22 500 Union Con...... 20
100 Con Cal & Va..2 30
Afternoon Session.
•100 Best & Belcher 231 20 Standard 3 90
600 Con Cal & Va.. 2 30 1 100 Yellow Jacket. . 16
ffi©eugfiR§' eih meBAXQB,
WATER STOCKS."
Contra Costa.. 81 82 Isprlng Valley. 86tt —
Marln County. 52% — |
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... i — Pacific Lt WA —
Equitable 2'A 3& Sacramento .. — —
Mutual 4«i 5 S F G & E.... 38% 33
Oakland CO 51 San Francisco. 4 i%
Pacific Imp... — 33 Stockton — —
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.325 — |
BANKS. *
Anglo-Cal <... 77 — |L P * A 147 —
California ....403 — Mer Ex (llq).. 18 —
Cal Safe Dep.lO7%103 S F National. — 123
First Nat 309%315 I |
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1900 — Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 27$ —
Mutual 60 — Union Trust... MOO —
San Francisco. SIS — .
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....123 135 o s L & II.... 40 —
Oeary - 37% Presidio 23 23
Market 70% 70%
POWDER. •
Giant 76* 78 |Vigorit ...'..... S 1%
SUGAR.
Hana 7% 8% Onomca 20 12
Hawaiian .... M 50% Paauhau — 26%
Honokaa 22% —
Hutchinson .. 19% 19% Giant 7< 73
Kllnuea 18% 19 Vlgorit 3 Z%
Makawell 3»%-
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack..l28%129% Oceanic S S... 50 62T4
Cal Fruit Can 99 — Pao Aux F Al 3 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax. .US —
Mer Ex 110 — ; Par Paint 18 —
Morning Session.
Board—
80 Alaska Packers' Assn ...129 60
60 Contra Costa Water 81 00
125 Contra Costa Water 80 75
250 Honokaa Co 23 23
100 Hutchinson Bumr Plan Co 19 60
100 Market-street Railway 70 00
{2000 N P C R R 6s bonds 103 60
135 Oceanic Steamship Co 65 00
15000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 103 00
75 Onomea Sugar Co , 20 00
100 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co 26 50
CO Ban Fran Gas * Electric Co.,,,,.,,., 38 iO
titreet
13000 I Ait Angeles Ry S* bonds. ........... .11J 00
$16,000 8 P of A bonds (1910) 114 CO
Afternoon Session,
Boar4= /
6 Alaska PaflksTl' A«»n, ,,,,,,»,,, rr tf»,JJf M
I ftgJJfnrnlarptrMl ft %ttnutmtnnu\w g?
60 Mukawell titiu.t'txf"''titttnfii$ttiiti M «
«r, iuikei-ntifcet Hallway................. '0 2*
IWIW)' *fartfc«FB Hallway fit C»J Si fe9n»Wcl|3 Wi
"IS n^s^nffi §tMm«hlh fmttttntntuuin H fo
fiiii gjtfftF f U.n Q9,tt,,nit,i,,,, M * '
U Wm\ Valley W»wf»mim» „„„„,„ U W
Then was a fair business on the morning ses
sion of the Bond Exchange. Oceanic Steamship
was quieter and steady at SS5 and Contra Costa.
Water higher at SSK0SO 75.
In the afternoon Oceanic fell back to 153.
Other change* were Insignificant. •
There was rather more doing In the oil
stocks, but prices showed little change.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
¦..-,.• THURSDAY, May 23— 3 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Btd.AsSc . Btd.Aslc
<s quar coup.. 113&114 4a qu cp (n»w)137H138H
4s quar reg....ltf%114 3s quar coup.. 109 110
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.*
Bay Co P 6s..lO4H — Oceanic 102%lC*
Cal-st 6s 117M— Omnibus R 68.128 —
C C Water 6s. — 110 Pac O Imp 4s. — —
Ed L & P 6s..l2Sttl33tt Pk & C H 6a. 105 —
Fer & Cl n 6B.110H — Pk ft O R 6s. 117 —
Geary-st Js.... — — Powl-st R 6s.l20 . —
H C & S SVaS.106% — Pac IS G R os. — 100
Do 6s 191 101?; S F & SJV Ss.tfOtt —
Los Ang R 69.112% — Sierra Cal &».. — 110
L A Light 6s.. - 102 S P Of A 6s •;•¦
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 (1909) 112*4113!;
Do gntd 5a. .100 102 (1910) 113T«llHi
L A & Pac 5s. 102 — 8 P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. 101 — (1909), ser A. 106*4 —
Market-st C 6s — 127& (1905). ser B.107% —
Do 1 c m 6s. 122% — (19C6) i.llO^HOVi
Nev Co R 7«.. — 113% (1912) — 121»a
Nor R Cal 6s. — 114% S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 118% — cp sntd g Bs.105 — .
Nor Pac C 6s.lOO — SPBr Cal 6s. 134 —
Do 5s 108H108H S V Water 6S.113H —
Nor Cal R 5S.113& — Do 4s 10274103%
Oak Gas 5s... 112 — Do 4s. 3d m.102%103
Do Tran 6s..ll6',4117Vi Stktn Gas 6s.. 100 —
Do Wat 6s... 104 105
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -FRIDAY,, MAY 24, 1901;
to Increase confidence here and the New Tork
demand for Eries caused a feeling of quite
cheerfulness. The strength of the Erie issuea
brought out talk that the Pennsylvania coal
purchase, the buying of the Leyland steam
ships and the development of the Erie system
are all parts of one transaction connected
with the great coal trust which is said to have
been formed for Importing American coal to
Europe. .
CLOSING.
LONDON, May 23.— Atchison 78%. Canadian
Pacific, 106&, Union Paclno preferred 91, North
ern Pacific preferred 102%, Grand Trunk 11%,
Anaconda 9%. Bar silver, dull, 27%d; money,
3H@3% per cent.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, May 23.— To-day's statement
of the treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the. 1150.000,000 gold reserve In the
division of redemption, shows: Available cash
balance, $168,565,536;. gold. $9,084,333.
New York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 21— FLOUR— Receipts.
23,449 barrels; exports, 11,098. Dull and barely
steady. > .
WHEAT— Receipt*, 437,900 . bushels; exports.
39,937. Spot, easy; No. 1 red. 82c f.o. , b.
afloat and 79%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
lutb, 84Vic f. a b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
90%o f. o. b. afloat. Options became strong
after a starting decline due to crop news, ad
vancing . on higher Continental cables and
active buying: for both accounts. Subsequently,
however, they reacted severely under realizing
and closed easy at %®%c net decline In spite
of a heavy export trade. May, fO'/«fi'SO%c,
closed 80Vic; Juhr, 78 13-16@79%c. closed 79o;
September, 79 16-16@76?4c, closed 76c.
HOPS-Qulet
HIDES-Flrm.
WOOL— Firm.
COFPKE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 Invoice, 6%e:
mild, quiet: Cordova., 8Vi®12%c. Futures closed
steady, with prices net unchanged to 6 points
higher. Total sales, 22,760 bags, Including:
May, $5 40; June, $5 45; July, S5 50; September,
S5 6005 C5; October and November. $5 70.
SUGAR— Raw, firm but quiet; fair refining:,
3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 3*ic; molasses sugar,
2',-jc; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6100 ¦ packages. Steady;
creamery, l»@19c; factory. ll@18c.
EGGS— Receipts, 12.400 packages. Steady;
Western ungraded, llV4@12%c; do selected, 134
13%C
DRIED FRUITS.
The market for evaporated apples was a very
slow one to-day. Trading was only in the
way of meeting Immediate requirements. State
common, 8@^%c; prime, 4&@5c; choice, 4&@
California dried fruits were quiet. Prunes,
3',i@"c per pound, as to size and quality.
.Apricots— Royal. 7H@12c; Moorpark, 8V4@13c.
Peaches— Peeled, 12&@20c; unpeeled, eVfc^lOc.
PARIS.
10
J0
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Last I This I Last
24 Hours Season. Season.
STATIONS
.
Eureka 0.C2
\c& Bluff 0.00
sacramcnto 0.00
*an Frandeco Trace
¦-reeno 0-00
ndejxndence 0.00
San Luis Oblspo.... 0.00
>>» Angeles 0.00
5an Di«Ko Trace
48.63
24.S1 22.94
19.77 20.24
20.97 - 18.42
11.0S 10.27
6.61 8.65
21.08 17.20
15.60 7.S1
11.28 5.S9
Last I This I Last
24 Hours Season. Season.
STATIONS
.
Eureka 0.C2
\c& Bluff 0.00
sacramcnto 0.00
*an Frandeco Trace
¦-reeno 0-00
ndejxndence 0.00
San Luis Oblspo.... 0.00
>>» Angeles 0.00
5an Di«Ko Trace
48.63
24.S1 22.94
19.77 20.24
20.97 - 18.42
11.0S 10.27
6.61 8.65
21.08 17.20
15.60 7.S1
11.28 5.S9
X j- m ¦ T ¦ m . 'rn
1-6.08% Bonds for Sale. .11
f^'S^. Any one desiring to buy a block p 1
a It bonds in a solid institution at a price tha 1 / jw
¦V^ will yield 6.08 per cent-can learn details Asa^l
by calling en (
II THE WEST COAST INVESTMENT CO., II [
ULJ Phelan Buildinj, S: F. "M JFrom France," and later in the successful
performance of ."A Box of Monkeys" at
the Alhambra Theater by the University
Dramatic Society. , Mr. | Southard has
played in two charter day comedies, "The
Good Natured- Man 1 ' and "Madame de la
Segliere.". ' He.made a hit as Tom Har
rington in the clever junior farce "James
Wobberts" which ran fora week at the
¦ - • .-'<¦ h '.. ¦ ¦¦¦• •¦' .
DR. CLAMPETT TO LECTURE.— By specisl
request of the lecture and entertainment com
mittee of the Young- .Men's Christian Associa
tion the Rev. F. W. Clampett, D. D., rector
of Trinity Church, will deliver his exceedingly
interesting lecture on "Ireland and the Irish"
at the Association Auditorium. Mason and
Ellis streets, this evening at 8 o'clock.
PARIS, May 23.— Charles Boysset, Re
publican, Doyen of the Chamber of Dep
uties, is dead. He was born In 1817. He
was a Deputy ' in the Legislative Assem
bly in 1S49. was elected a member ot the
National Assembly in 1S81 and has slnca
been continually re-elected.
Charles Eoysset.
JOHANNESBURG, Transvaal, May 2^—
Marthlnus Wessels Pretorius, the first
President of the Dutch African Republic,
the title of which was changed In 1S58 to
the South African Republic, died May 13
at Polchef stroom, -Transvaal Colony, after
two days' illness.
Marthinus Wessels Pretorius.
. NEW YORK, May 23.— While the Ham
burg-American liner Deutschland was
crossing the ocean from this side on the
last passage one of the cabin passengers,
G. G. Belton. an architect of San Rafael,
Cal., died of Bright's disease. He was
sick when tie went aboard the steamship
and thought the ocean trip might do him
good. He was accompanied by his wife.
C. G. Selton.
Tanner has held various positions be
sides that of Governor, the prin
cipal ones being a member of the
Illinois House, member of the Rail
road and Warehouse Commission.
United States -Marshal of the South
ern District of Illinois, State Treasurer
and assistant at the United States Sub-
Treasury at Chicago, and he was for
many years a member of the Republican
State Central Committee and chairman of
the same. He was a candidate for United
States Senator against Senator Cullom.
He leaves a widow, one son. Colonel J.
Mack Tanner of Springfield, colonel of the
Fourth Infantry,-I. N* Gn and one daugh
ter, Mrs. John A. Barnes of Chicago.
Governor Tanner was 57 years of asre.
He served as a private in the Fifty-eighth
and Sixty-first Illinois Infantry regiments.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., May 23.— Former
Governor John Riley Tanner died hero
suddenly in his room, at the Leland Hotel
at 2:45 x thls afternoon from rheumatism
of the heart. He had been confined to
his room since his return from Chicago
last Saturday with rheumatism on the left
side, but the case was not considered la
the least serious. He felt much worse this
afternoon and Dr. J. N. Dixon, the Gov
ernor's physician, was called about 2:30
and found the Governor dying-.
It was stated at the TV" ar "Department
that the dismissed, cadets-had not applied
for reinstatement, nor had any of their
friends or representatives in Congress.
General Greene, who is In New York,
communicated with Secretary ¦ Root over
the ¦ long distance telephone. The latter
told General Greene that he was glad the
cadets had found employment. .Whilo
there was an expectation that the cadets
would come to Washington and seek an
Interview with the Secretary, they did not
put in an appearance during the day. It
was said at the War Department that
they would not come here now. v ; , •*•-;-»';
WASHINGTON, May 23.-The five West
Point cadets dismissed yesterday — Bowlby,
Cleveland. Keller, Linton and Mahaffy —
will not appeal for clemency to the War
Department. They have entered the ser
vice of the New York and Bjsrmudese
Asphalt Company. This came about
through General Francis M. Greene, one
of the chief officials of the trust. He
communicated with the War Department
this morning anoV informed Secretary Root
that the five young men had called upon
him in a contrite and repentant state of
mind, asking for his advice and assist
ance in shaping their future. They stated
that no turpitude was involved in any
thing that was charged against them, and
General Greene apparently was of the
same opinion, for after hearing their
story he proposed to Secretary Root to
employ the men in the service of the as
phalt company. Secretary Root promptly
responded that the "War Department had
no objection, and that it was true there
was no charge touching the integrity of
the boys, but only a technical violation of
discipline. So one of the young men will
go immediately to -Venezuela, General
Greene having taken them into his ser
vice, and the others will be disposed of
according to the engineering needs of the
company. ¦
Enter the Service of the
Bermudese Asphalt
General Greene Employe
Them to Go to
Venezuela.
CADETS EASILY
FIND POSITIONS
Send it to Eastern friends. The Wasp's
McKinley souvenir. AH the events of the
President's visit compiled- In sixty pages
of splendid pictures. Out to-day; 25c. • ;
LONDON, May 23.— J. Cannon's Mephis
topheles, ridden by Lester Reiff, won the
Hopeful stakes at the Doncaster spring
meeting to-day. C. S. Newton's Veneer,
with Maher up, was second. !Bix horses
T*AT1
'i'^R. Roberts' Heir Male, L. Reiff up,
won the Londressboro handicap stakes. J.
Powson's Lorenzaccio, J. Reiff up,- was
second and H. F. Clayton's Yankee Dope
Schlessinger's The Wyvern (Maher)
won the Dcncaster spring handicap of 500
S °j[ e Rowson's Sospello (L. Reiff) won the
Portland stakes. '¦ '-•-
William C. Whitney's Holstein, with J.
Reiff up; won the Stockhill stakes. Rich
ard Croker's The Scotchman II, wlth;L.
Reiff up," was second and* H: ; Lindemere's
Congratulation finished third.
LESTER RETFF IN" FORM.
Attired in fantastic costumes and with
faces blacked to the inkiest hue, the
Army and Navy Minstrels last . night
danced and sang on the stage at Native
Sons' Hall for the amusement of a large
audience. Every numbsr received liberal
applause and many of the performers
were rewarded with bouquets -galore.
ThoEe who participated were J. G. Quinn,
George Sweeney, Miss Julia Turpin,
George S. Carr, Harry S. Coleman, Al.
Smith John M. Glennon, Henry Auer
bach, James G. Fraser, Dr. J. P. Mc-
Carthy, the Holland Sisters, James G.
Whittemore and Allan's orchestra.
Army and Navy Minstrels,
Overton endured the hardships of his
long Journey with apparently very little
fatigue. Indeed, he appeared to be fresh
and in buoyant health. He was born in
Pennsylvania October 5, 1797, and mi
grated to California only eighteen months
ago from Illinois. Overton <?aid he quit
farming on his hundredth birthday "and
¦would enjoy the rest of his life in ease.
He is a veteran of three wars. He was
imbued -with the patriotic spirit and ran
away from home at the age of fifteen
years to engage Jn the war-of 1S12, and
* nlisted at Buffalo, N. Y. At the out
break of the civil war Overton, although
sixty-six years of age, enlisted. His rec
ord In the Mexican war was one of
bravery and he received honorable men
tion. At the outbreak of the Spanish war
he was enthusiastic over shouldering a
musket and had there been any chance
nf his being accepted he would have vol
unteered his services at the advanced ag€
cf 100 years. . His firft vote was cast for
Andrew Jackson the first time "OM Hick
cry" ran for the Presidency.
LOS ANGELES, May 23— As agile as a
man half his age, J. J. Overton of Long
Eeach, aged 104 years, ran nimbly up the
steps of the Herald office this morning,
leading by the hand J his granddaughter,
with whom he had just returned from SL
Joseph, Mo. t - •
SPRIGHTLY AS A BOY
AOT OVER ONE HTJITDRED
The Gaelic literary societies of San
Francisco will hold a quarterly social and
literary entertainment next • Saturday
evening at S o'clock in Knights of the
Red Branch Hall, 1133 Mission street. The
literary exercises will have special refer
ence to the Gaelic language movement
and be also commemorative of Tom
Ivloore. whose birthday falls on May 28.
The Rev. Father O'Ryan will deliver an
address. Admission will be 25 cents.
Father O'Hyan "Will Lecture.
Chinese Killed in a Fight.
GRASS VALLEY,' May i 23.-f Ah Gin; a
Chinese; was 'folmd; dead to-night at Free
ipans Crossing,' in this; county. : In. l his
hand was clutched a hatchet, | giving, evi
dence of a' struggle. 'When found he : . was
lying ; on ; his face. There is a cut. In his
back inflicted , with . some -¦ sharp .. instru
ment, - probably a'dagger.'- Ah Gunn,"an
other : Chinese, "who " occupied', part ; of "Ah
Gin's icabin, ; is missing ,t, and ."cannot 1 be
found. - ' ¦• • '-i-iij
WASHINGTON, May 23.— The following
orders have been Issued by the Postoffice
Department: •
• Postofflces established: Oregon— Anlauf,
Douglas County, James A. Sterling, Post
master.
Washington— Clipper, Whatcom County,
John Glineski, Postmaster. _ '
Postmaster commissioned: I Washington
—Thomas N. Croftoft, Centerville. Post
master appointed: California— John E.
Taylor, Cohassett, Butte -County, vice
Samuel E. McCoy, deceased. -
The salaries of the Postmasters at Ox
hard and Sanger, Cal., have been in
creased from $1400 to $1500 arid $1000 to $1100,
respectively. • "V ----- ••
The following pensions were issued to
day: - ,
California— Original— Joshua „ Haskell,
Anderson, $6; Charles C. Walley, May
fleld, $8. Restoration .and reissue—Wil
liam Burrows (dead), Chualar, , $10. In
crease-John- S. Jones, Los Angeles, $12:
Mel vln Nelson, t . Pasadena, , $12; Edward
Brady, San Francisco,. $12; Francis
Fachus;. Veterans'- Home, Napa,' $12; Ja
cob Stienbrunn, Soldiers' Home, Los, An-,
geles, $12. Original widowa— Matilda Bur
rows, Chualar, $8; Anna Mary -Jacobs,'
Hanfcrd, $8. War with Spain— Orignal—
Martin Gicttonini,! Stockton, $10. ; . . ; r
\ Oregon— Restoration and increase— Jacob
Stuckey (dead), Needy, $10. • Increase-
Fred Clay Warner, Marshfield,. $8; Nathan
W. Commons, Damascus, $8. Original.wid
ows—Wilhelmina Stuckey, Needy, $8. . -
Washington— Original— Charles Hall,
Kelso, $6. .Increase— George Wood, Kent,
$10; Thomas J. McClanahan, Seattle, $8.-
Postmasters at Sanger and Ozn'ard
Receive a Small Increase"of
Salary.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE
. • * OF THE PACIFIC COAST
More than 2000 members 'of St. Dom
inic's parish journeyed to Glen Ellen yes
terday and spent a delightful day among
the trees. It was the occasion of the fam
ily reunion an-1 picnic of the parish, and
the members turned out in a body After
a d^lightlul ride through Marin arid Sono
ma counties the picnickers arrived at the
park. Lunch baskets were opened in
ghady spots and after hunger had been
relieved the merrymakers spread through
the gTounds. Games of all kinds, swings
and dancing niade the hours pass very
•juickiy. The i ark band discoursed dance
music and the platform was crowded
throughout the day. Gate prizes in abund
ance were atrarded to those lucky enough
to hold winning coupons. -The games were
\f ry exciting and interesting.
St. Dominic's Parish Picnic.
The fact that the city and county has
lost $61,513 58 delinquent taxes on an as
sessment on the franchise, fixtures, sol
vent credits, agency - accounts, coin and
20 per cent raise ordered in 1896 by the
Board of Equalization on "Wells, Fargo &
Co 's bank will probably result in a
change in the system heretofore employed
to collect delinouent taxes. For some
vears past the labor of collecting delin
quent taxes has been entrusted to npecial
attorneys, but an effort will be made to
place this responsibility upon the shoul
ders of the City Attorney.
Speaking about the Wells-Fargo case
City Attorney Lane said:
This case- was brought and conducted by
special counsel, engaged, I presume, by the
Tax Collector, and properly so within his
charter-given authority. The City - Attorney
ehould have charge of all suits for delinquent
taxes. At present I have no knowledge of
what delinquent tax suits are brought, nor
how they were conducted nor what their re
sult. . .
The change that I suggest would do away
with all temptation to cinch the unfor.tunate
delinquent taxpayer, of which there has been
so much complaint. There Is no reason m
the world why a man who has paid all but
say 5 cen*s of his taxes should be compelled
to pay ?2 or $3 coetB. The amount . of fees
which could be imposed as costs - should be
regulated by law, and If ..the work wer« done
throuph the City Attorney's office such costs
should not be hlsher than a few cents. ¦
A change of a few lines in the charter would
effect this, and I have no doubt the city
would be the gainer. _
CITY'S LOSS OF TAXES
MAY RESULT IN ACTION
".. SACRAMENTO, May • 23.— The i auditing
board ¦ to ; the Commissioner of Public
Works held a meeting to-day ; for, the pur
pose of hearing, protests on the part of the
¦people .whose : lands : . lie ¦¦ below^ the ; mouth
of the \ Bear River against the proposed
cutting of a- channel six miles long to re
lieve the vicinity of Wheatland of .the ac
cumulation of debris - brought down from
the hydraulic mines, r , .: . :
V' It 'was contended by the petitioners that
if the proposed channel were dug it would
; afford ! a release f or ¦¦ debris which now lies
on ; the ' banks = in the bends : of , the - Bear
River/.- It was claimed that instead of a
,wash;of six inches of debris each' year, as
at present registered," they would-be over-'
whelmed ; by a- deposit of six ; feet i of- sand
and ; gravel;. which is now t imprisoned. •
¦ The s board ".> this '-. afternoon announced
that it would defer .work on the Bear Riv
er | channel . In ; def erence ;to \ the 5 protest of
land '¦ owners. I * : ¦ ""< " - "
to 'Accumulation. of -Debris Is
Successful; '
Protest of i Land Owners Who Object
. BUTTE,' Mont., May 23.— Mrs. \ Ella C.
Wetz, a stylish, looking young woman
who | says jj she is the daughter of Lord
Lynington, of London, ; England, was ar
rested here this morning and confined for
several hours in ;a cell of the City Jail
among a number of female offenders. She
was charged with obtaining money, under
false pretenses, her .accuser- being Mrs.
Nettie Keefe, a young woman i who has
some reputation as a divorcee. Mrs. Wetz
came to Butte a few days ago from Chi
cago, but I says her home is in Pennsyl
vania. . Her , intention was to obtain a
divorce from her, husband, Captain. Wetz
of Troop L, now in the Philippines.' She
met Mrs. Keefe and assisted 'the latter In
selling a piano, -but she - retained ; -the
money and spent it. Friends came to her
rescue . and secured her release from jail.
The prosecution will not be pressed."
WORK ON I BEAR RIVER .
IS .ORDERED DEFERRED
---¦¦--_". ¦ \ . " ¦ . • ' " " " ¦ . ; -. .
ing Money Under False
< ;i r-y.'" Pretenses. '
Mrs. Ella C. Wetz Accused of Obtain-
BRITISH LORD'S DAUGHTER
IS ARRESTED AT BUTTE
never committed suicide. They assert
that he died at the hands of his jailers
and believe that he did not have a chance
to kill himself.
"If the jailers thought that Bresci
wanted to commit suicide they would take
every method and precaution they could
to prevent it," said Mr. Estere, editor of
the anarchist paper. "Their plan was to
torture him as much as possible. They
cannot torture a dead man. -But I feel
sure that they have ¦ been too eager to
make him. suffer too much at once and
they have overdone it. Bresci did not
die by his own hands. He was as brave
as a lion, and rack and stake and thumb
screws, could not make him flinch. I am
sure he never ; gave up hope of ; being
freed some day when the Government of
Italy ( changed for the better." " " -
Guiseppi Branci.'one of the most promi
nent of the avowed anarchists of Pater
son, N. J., went about to-day proudly
wearing a large Bresci button. "Bresci
.was a hero,',' said Brand.. "The world
will know It some day. He was a man
who gave. his life for others. He did not
live in vain. His deed brought us . one
long stride nearer a better plan of living.
His example will not be forgotten. He
has a thousand times more sincere
mourners than had the man > he. mur
dered. His .wife will be taken care of,
and we will do something some time soon
to show • the world that we are ) not
ashamed of the brave man who has just
died. I am sure: that they tortured him
to death. We will celebrate the day he
was bornj August 23."
AVAVERLY, Ohio, May 23.— Dr. , W. ~ T.
Wallace engaged in a fight with four rob
bers last -night -and savedi the First'Na
tional Bank and the postofllce from being
robbed. The' doctor- lives on the second
floor of the building and was awakened
by the noise made by the cracksmen. He
exchanged ¦ shots • with them )^nd • a"- trail
of blood proves .that" hia ainv was good.
The burglars made their" escape r from
town on a freight train.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., May 23.— The
official call for the twelfth session of the
Trans-Mississippi Commercial Congress,
to be held in this city July 16 to 20, in
clusive, has just been issued by E. R.
Moses of Great Bend, Kans., chairman of
the /executive committee. Representation
is provided for as follows: The Governor
of each trans-Mississippi State or Terri
tory may appoint ten delegates, the Mayor
of each city one delegate and . one addi
tional delegate for each 5000 inhabitants,
provided, however, that no city shall have
more than ten delegates; each county
may appoint one delegate through its ex
ecutive officer; every business organiza
tion one delegate, and one additional dele
gate for every fifty members, provided,
however that no such organization shall
have more than ten delegates; Governors
of States and Territories, members of thte
United States Congress and ex-presidentg
of I this congress are ex-ofnelo delegates,
with all privileges of delegates except
those of voting. -
The call says: "It Is the general desire
of the members of the executive commit
tee to confine discussion to subjects of
seneral interest- and to exclude those
which are of either a local or a political
nature. While any question germain to
the objects of the congress may be intro
duced by any delegate, the chairman of
the executive committee would, be grate
rul for suggestions as to questions to be
discussed by any citizen of the. trans-
Mississippi country."
PLXTCKY PHYSICIAN PTJTS
'¦; . BURGLARS TO FLIGHT
Nature.
Subjects of a Local or Political
No Discussions Will Be Allowed on
TRANS-MISSISSIPPI
COMMESCTAI/ CONGRESS
ROME, May 23.— Details of the suicide
of Gaetano Bresci, the assassin of King
Humbert, have been received from the
officials of the penitentiary at San Ste
fano Bresci had recently been suffering
from extreme excitement, declared to be
Bresci Hanged Himself.
HOBOKEN, N. J., May 23.— "No one
can convince me;" said Mrs. Bresci to
night when seen at her home, "that^Gae
tano committed suicide. How eould he
in such a place and guarded as he was?
Besides, he was not that kind of a man.
He was if eyer man was. He
was allowed to write to me once in f o&r
months. His letters were, of course, read
by the prison authorities before they
were mailed, and he had to be careful of
what he said. He did not complain of ill
health, but I could read between the lines
that they were making his wretched life
as miserable as they could. The last let
ter I received from him was about two
months ago. It was written on February
20 from San Stefano Prison. One passage
of it was: 'Neither, blood nor money
could ever buy. Gaetano Bresci. I did
what I did because it was right, not for
any group of anarchists.' He was a
brave man, my husband, and I Judge
from his letters that he was happy even
In prison because he was convinced that
he had accomplished what he believed
was his mission in life."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
from remorse. Tuesday night he made. a
rope from • his blankets and I strangled
himself. ' -¦;.'¦
On the wall of Bresci' s cell the word
"Vengeance" was scratched " with his
bloody thumb-nail. Brescl's violence last
week culminated in his attacking a jailer,
in consequence of -which he was placed
in a strait- jacket.
Later the prisoner feigned docility in
order to secure an opportunity to commit
suicide, which he accomplished by hang
ing himself -.with an Improvised rope at
tached to the ceiling. In the earlier days
of his imprisonment Bresci resented- or
ders to keep silent and threatened to kill
himself.. ~ • . , . :.
Better'Off, Says the King.
Say Bresci "Was Tortured- >.
NEW YORK, May 23.-/Paterson anar
chists area unit In declaring that, Bresci
At a Cabinet council at the Quirinal to
day Signor Giolitti, Minister of the In
terior, informed the King- of "the* suicide
of Bresci. His Majesty .remained pensive
for a few moments and then. said: '¦> •
"It is perhaps the best thing that could
have happened to the unhappy man."
The Minister of the Interior has insti
tuted searching inquiry into the circum
stances of the suicide. A post-mortem
examination will be held and the body
will then be burled on a desert island.
The'warden's account is that he saw
Bresci tie the towel to the bars of trie
cell and hang himself, Bresci being: dead
when the warden reached him. - ,
WIFE OF ANARCHIST BRESCI DECLARES
HE WAS MURDERED BY PRISON OFFICIALS
After an Investigation by the Italian Authorities the Body of the
Assassin Will Be Buried on a Desert Island.
A delegation from Wisconsin will leave
Milwaukee next Tuesday for San Fran
r:s' o to be present at the formal presenta
tion of that State's gift to the battleship.
The party will consist of Senator de
Wayne Stebbins of Algoma, Dr. J. C.
Reynolds of Lake Geneva and Julius
Bleyer of Milwaukee, who compose the
State committee; Assemblyman Henry
Overbtck of Sturgeon Bay and Charles S
French. R. B. Arnold and B. C. Reynolds
of Lake Geneva.
The Legislature of 1897 enacted a law
creating the battleship commission and
authorizing it to raise a fund for the pur
< hase of a gift for the battleship. The
< emmittee purchased a fine bronze figure
- specially modeled by Sculptor Paul Kup
; * r - .Xhe.deelgTt includes the badger and
tiie State coat cf arms. The metal from
v. hich the design was cast was secured
!rcm the Navy Department, and is from
The fittings taken from the wrecks of the
Spanish cruisers destroyed off Santiago.
In addition the committee purchased a
massive silver banquet set, comprising
thirty-five pieces, made from special de-
Ei.ans.
. When the committee and partv have
completed the-r visit, in San Francisco
they will return to their homes by way of
Seattle, Vancouver and the Canadian *Pa
rine route.
CONCEPCION HERRERA
MAY BE EXTRADITED
Manuel Perez Abreu, captain and pilot
In the Mexican navy, stationed at Ense
rada, has written to United States Im
migration Commissioner Xorth, charging
Concepclon Herrera with stealing from
him certain personal property, including
papers, valued at ?2000. Inclosed was a
letter from the captain's lawyer at the
City of Mexico, stating that he had read
in the San Francisco Call an account of
the landing of the worruin at his port and
announcinjr that he intended to apply for
'¦ writ of oxtraditicn for the woman's re
turn to Lower California for trial.
Cor-cepcion is 2'j years old and lived in
Lower California with Captain Abreu at
Ensenada. She alleged that he treated
her brutally and that the came to this
city to escape from him. She was per
mitted to remain here on probation and at
present is employed as a waitress in a
r»;st<.urant on Minna street.
WISCONSIN DELEGATION
TO BRING STATE'S GIFT
Suit Over a Large Estate.
MERCED, May 23.— There was com
menced In the Superior Court of Merced
County to-day, a ' contest of the will of
George H. ! Fancher, who died March 30,
1%'O, leaving an estate worth close to
$1 000,000. He left the bulk of the estate ,to
his brother, L. R. Fancher, and the con
testants are the children of a deceased
sister. James F. Peck of Merced is the
attorney for the contestants. • . ¦
Dr. Thomas M. Rumbold.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 23.— Dr. Thomas
M. Rumbold, known in America and Eu
rope for his contributions to medical,lit
erature and researches in nasal surgery,
died at his home here to-day, aged 71
years.
assisted J>y Mrs. M. A. Phillips, P.
G. C. C^
Mrs. L." G. Miller of Oakland, grand
chief companion; Mrs. A. Boehm of San
Francisco, grand sub-chief companion;
Mrs. M. J. Valente of San Francisco,
grand treasurer; Mrs. Florence N. Mor
row of San Francisco, grand secretary;
Mrs. Kate M. Howard of San Francisco,
grand right guide; Mrs. A. Fernandez of
San Francisco, grand left.guide; Mrs. E.
Bergrer of San Francisco, grand inside
guide; Mrs. L. Scheuner of San Francisco,
grand outside guide; Mrs. Hattie M.
Gingles of San Francisco, grand herald;
Mrs. A. Barr of Pinole, grand organist;
Mrs. Minnie Asher and Max Boehm of
San Francisco and J. J. Roberts of Oak
land, grand auditors; Mrs. M. Dougherty
of Jackson, Mrs. L. Kahley of Sacra
mento and Mrs. B. Thomas of Amador,
frand trustees; Mrs. A. M. Phillips, J. R.
ands, Mrs. A. Assman, J.'J. Roberts,
Mrs. E. Furgeson, C. Thomas and G. W.
Corwin. grand arbitrators. . .
The per capita tax for the current year
was fixed at 60 cents and the salary of the
grand secretary was Increased from 535
to $40. The Grand Circle resolved to send
a letter to President McKinley, express
ing its sorrow for the illness of Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and further expressing its con
gratulations for her recovery.
The "evening session" of the Grand Cir
cle was a banquet tendered to the old and
new officers and the delegates by the local
Circles. There were responses to various
toasts by Mrs. L. G. Miller, M." Boehm,
Mrs. A. Boehm, O. M. Goldacerena, Mrs.
F N. Morrow, J. J. Roberts, Mrs. Minnie
Asher and Past Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. M E. Falconer. A diamond ring and
a set of engraved resolutions were pre
sented to the outgoing grand chief com
panion, Mrs. Falconer, and' a diamond
brooch to Past Grand Chief Mrs. Phillips
in recognition of the valuable services
they have rendered.
The Grand Circle of the Companions of
the Forest, A. O. F., closed its annual ses
sion Wednesday afternoon.
At the forenoon session the following
named were -elected officers for the cur
rent term and installed by Past
Grand- Chief Companion John Falconer,
ing Officials and Delegates by
Local Circle.
Banquet Tendered to New and Retir-
COMPANIONS OF FOREST
ELECT NEW OFFICERS
UNIVE^SITT OF CALIFORNIA,
GRADUATE WHO HAS AC
CEPTED AN ENGAGEMENT.
This year Southard adapted and took
the title role in the Skulland Keys' play,
"An Imp Incog," and had a prominent
part in the class day extravaganza two
weeks ago.
Mr. Southard is a graduate of the col
lege of social science, doing his major
work in English. He is a member of tke
Sigma Alpha Epsilon fraternity, to which
James Neill belongs. Besides this, Mr.
Southard is a -member of the two upper
class honor societies, the Skull and Keys
and the Theta Nu Kpsilon. He is the
.third University of California man to
adopt the stage as a profession, his pre
decessors being Ira Hards and Willard H.
Thompson. . . .
Grand Opera-house a year ago and toured
the State last Christmas. •' .
— - ERKELEY, May 23.— James Ben
nett Southard, one of the Univer
sity of California graduates of
. 1901, has joined the ranks of the
v S mummers and adopts the stage as
his chosen profession, while the ink is
scarcely dry upon the diploma that con
ferred the depree of B. S. on him. - Mr.
Southard has announced to his friends
that he has accepted a position with the
James Neill Company, now playing in San.
Francisco. The young actor-student's first
appearance will be next Monday, when he
will be cast In "Phroso." Later he will
be seen in "The Colonial Girl." His ulti
mate object is to complete his studies for
the stage in Paris and other capitals and
centers of dramatic art in Europe.
During his four years at the university
Mr. Southard developed remarkable nat
ural talent for histrionics. His work in
that direction during his college career
gave him much prominence. While his
bent was toward the stage his friends are
much surprised that he should have de
termined to use his abilities to shine in a
professional way. They predict much suc
cess for the talented young graduate.
On his graduation from the Berkeley
High School Southard appeared for the
first time in the class day play, "Silas
Marner." In his freshman year at the
university he had a part in the Thanks
giving night • farce, "The Embassador
PYTHIANS ELECT
THEIR OFFICERS
George Samuels of Oak
land Supreme Rep
resentative.
Committee Appointed to Con
sider the Building of
a Home.
~T*
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, May 23.— This was the big
day among the Pythians in attendance at
the Grand Lodge. The election of officers
was held according to programme. Some
good-natured rivalry was in evidence over
some of the offices and electioneering
quite "as active as if preceding a political
convention was to be seen around the
headquarters during \ the morning. The
balloting consumed the greater part of the
afternoon, -and when at a late hour the
lodge took a recess the results of the elec
tion were announced as follows:
Supreme representative, George Samuels
of Oakland; grand chancellor, L. S. Cal
kins of Nevada City; grand vice chancel
lor, D. K. Trask of Los Angeles; grand
prelate, B. V. Sargent of Salinas; grand
keeper of records and seal, H. Schaff
ner of San Francisco; grand master of
exchequer; S. G. Little; grand master at
arms, F. J.' Bethel; grand .inner guard, C.
Vermason; grand outer guard, J. H. John
son; grand trustees— A. L. SeHg, G. S.
Bachman, S. W. Powell.
The ladies of the Grand Temple of the
Rathbones also had an election and had
even more candidates than the Knights.
Allended happily,- however, and the prin
cipal officers for the ensuing term are:
Grand chief, Lillie Samuels of Oakland;
grand senior, Mrs. E, S. Prlngle of Santa
Cruz;. grand junior, Maud Sheehan of Sac
ramento; grand manager, Aim Wyatt of
Salines; grand protector, Mrs. Clara Mar
tin of Stockton.
The session, opened . promptly at 9
o'clock. Grand Vice Chancellor Calkins
presided in the absence of Grand Chancel
lor Jeter, who was granted leave of ab
sence for twenty-four hours. Grand Vice
Chancellor Calkins added zest to the open
ing proceedings by having the members
join in the ritualistic ode of the subor
dinate lodges. As many of the represent
atives are good singers the occasion was
inspiring. . " .
After rollcall George Samuels of Oak
land exemplified the unwritten work in ft
comprehensive manner. The matter of the
Supreme Lodge and Supreme Assembly in
San Francisco in 1902 was discussed. The
per capita tax of 75 cents was continued
by resolution. There is $9000 in prizes to
be distributed next year in competitive
drills, and the crack teams from all over
the United States will compete. A reso-'
lution was Introduced that a committee of
three be appointed to submit a memorial
to the sub-lodges, containing the proposi
tion for building a Pythian Home, the
matter to be settled at the next session of
the Grand Lodge. The grand chancellor
appointed P. C. Nyland, G. M. E. Little
and G. G. C. Lindsay.
The work of the Rathbone Sisters at
Pythian Castle other than the election
was r of a routine nature. A feature of the
session was the presentation of beautiful
flowers to the temple by the ladies of the
First Christian Church. The flowers were
in turn presented by the temple to Su
preme Mistress of Records and Corre
spondence Josie A. Nelson of Indiana.
The grand ball to be given- • to-morro-w
night will take place at the Masonic Hall.
CONSTITUTION DOES
NOT FOLLOW THE, FLAG
Beports From Washington- Announcs
That United States Supreme ')
Court Will So Decide.
CHICAGO, May 23.— The Record-Herald
prints to-day from its Washington Bureau
an article to the effect . tRat- the decision
of the Supreme Court of the United States
will be that the constitution does not fol
low the flag. The article goes on: "This
decision, the most important that the
great tribunal has ever made, will be
handed down next Monday. The-only ele
ment of doubt as to the appearance of the
judgment on that day lies in the fact that
one or two of the Justices may not have
their opinions finished and that out of
courtesy to them it will be necessary to
have further delay."
GOVERNMENT TROOPS
1 ATTACK REVOLUTIONISTS
The Latter Disperse After Eleven of
Their Number. Are Killed in ,
- V the Charge. .:'•;
.MEXICO CITY, Mexico, May 23.— Jesus
Manclllo, one of' William' Nevins' helpers
at the mines of the Omitlan Exploration
Company In Guerrero del Oro, State of
Guerrero, arrived In this city to-day. He
says the mines were not attacked by the
hostiles and. that all are safe at Talcote
pel. The revolutionists were attacked by
Government troops and N were dispersed
with the loss of eleven killed. ". . % - .
THE PRESIDENT IN SOUTHERN
CALIFORNIA: Depicted in the "Wasp's
Presidential souvenir number. Sixty pages
of reception pictures. 25 cents. •
.which, has for two days listened _to the
evidence in the case of Mrs. Emma Lucy
Judd,. wife of one of the. officials of John
Alexander Dowie's Zion, to-night returned
a verdict holding Dowie, H. W. Judd,
husband of the woman, and Mrs. Sprecher
and Mrs. Bratsch to await the action of
the Grand Jury. The two women named
in- the verdict were in attendance upon
Mrs. Judd prior to her death. The charge
against them is "criminal- responsibility"
for the death of Mrs. Judd.
The evidence, given at the inquest. by
some of the leading . physicians of the
city, who had examined Mrs. Judd's body
after it had been ' exhumed, . was to the
effect that the most simple surgical care
would have prevented' the woman's death,
which resulted from the rupture of a
blood vessel. They testified that. she was
allowed. to die when the slightest attempt
to save her- life would have been success
ful. This evidence induced the jury, to
declare that the people -named were re
sponsible for the woman's death...
Papers were at once made out and of-,
fleers sent to arrest Dowie, Judd. and the
two women. "When the officers arrived at
Zlon - Dowie was not to be found. Mrs.
Bratsch was arrested in the building and
was • promptly sent ¦ to the County Jail,
but H. \V. Judd and Mrs. Sprecher were
no more in evidence than was Dowie. It
was announced by the police that the
search would be kept up until the missing
three people were taken into custody. It
was the opinion of the officers that Dowie
had gone into hiding for the night, know
ing that he would hardly be able to fur
nish bonds in time to prevent. a night. in
jail. If not found during the nighf it is
expected that he will appear in the morn
ing prepared to give bail for himself and
three companions. . ~
A mob of 1000 people paraded through
the streets of South Chicago - to-night,
carrying an effigy of Dowie, which was
finally deposited in a large bonfire. About
three weeks ago Mrs. Christenson, one of
the Dowie followers, was burned in escap
ing from her burning dwelling house. She,
refused the aid of physicians and died
within a week. The courts took from her
and her husband the custody of a little
daughter, who had been severely burned.
The girl is now practically recovered.
There has been much feeling against
Dowie in South Chicago since the death of
Mrs." Christensen.
¦¦ '?¦ — - /- "'- ¦"'.
Mrs. Judd Permitted to Perish
When Surgery Could
Have Saved Her.
CHICAGO, May 23.— The Coroner's jury
Dowie and Others Held
Responsible for a
Death.
WARRANTS OUT
FOR ZIONITES
Lesser Divinities — Nymphs, Oreads, Dryads,
Fauns— Thetis, Etelka Williar; Oenone. Hor
tense Stelnhart; Ate, Mary Wllcox; Kyman,
Florence Bailey; Echo, Elise "Weldon; Cyrene,
Adeline Thornton; Daphne, Pauline Stafford;
Chloe, Berenice Wilson; Erlnna, Edna Bluhm;
Faun, Will Heger.
Singers — Misses Minnie Hussey. Elise "Wel
don, Bessie Gowan ,and Florence Bailey.
The dancing was under the direction of
Mrs. Bugby ard Miss Miller, assisted by
Mrs. Huston. • ¦ . •
ment griven last evening by the Hamlin
School and Van Ness Seminary in aid of
the Boys' Club of the San Francisco Set
tlement Association. The commodious
gymnasium of the school, at 1849 Jackson
street, was crowded to its utmost capac
ity by an appreciative audience. A play
in three acts entitled "An Old Story Re
told" was presented, and scored an- artis
tic success. It was written and directed
by Miss Maud Marion Taylor. The play
was founded upon incidents preceding the
Trojan war and was based on Professor
Charles M. Gayley's rendering of the
Greek myths in his "Classic Myths." The
judgment scene was adapted from Tenny
son's "Oenone," Original music, written
for the play by Miss Marie L. Weldon,
was rendered by Mrs. Grace Morei Dick
man, the well-known contralto, and Miss
Constance Jordan, accompanist.
Miss Taylor displayed great literary
ability In putting her difficult play togeth
er. The roles were taken by the pupils
of the school and the young ladies dis
played histrionic ability. Their efforts
were amply rewarded with flowers and
enthusiastic applause. They were attired
in Grecian gowns and presented a charm
ing picture. The entertainment was so
successful that it will -probably be given
again at some future day. Following were
the characters in the play:
Olympian Divinities— Jupiter, -L,uvie Butler;
Juno, Minnie Hussey; Venus, Alice Herrin;
Minerva. Hazel Montgomery; Apollo, Myrtle
Lawson; Themis, Esther Heg-er; Mercury, EfTa
Bluhm; Hebe, ¦ Bessie Gowanr Iris, Maud
Peyne; Cupid, Billy Herrin.
Mortals— Paris, Kate Herrin; Peleus, Bertha
Abramson, Achilles. Mabel MacClean;.Ulysses,
Ksther Heg-er; Lycomedes, Vera Simpson;
Heler. Louise Stone; Camena, Myrtle Lawson;
Myrtilla, Marie Brewer; Jocunda, Gladys
Finch.
Pupils of Hamlm School and
Van Ness Seminary in
Theatricals.
- — » —
Society graced the class day entertain-
Society at an Entertain
ment Given by Lads
and Lassies.
GREEK PLAY
TO AID BOYS' CLUB
The country home of the tittle Sisters'
Infant Shelter was opened Wednesday
and there was heard the delighted ex
»-:amations of the first seven < children
: ruught over from the city to spend a
week, in Mill Valley. They were brought
• uer Wednesday morning by Miss Daisy
Hums, president of the Ladies' Auxiliary
of the organization, and in an hour they
.iad become settled and contented and
prepared to make the most of their time.
me Infants' Shelter is a home for the
children of working parents, and its ob
ject is to care for the little ones while
ineir mothers are away earning enouch
io keep soul and body together. There
are fcfty or more children in the shelter,
some being oared for from month to
month, others being brought in the morn
iujj and taken home each night. They are
veil cared for in the home, but the ladies
of the auxiliary have conceived the plan
of establishing a place in the country,
v.nere the little ones could be taken dur
ing the summer, just as is done In New
York, where the plan has been so suc
cessful as to attract national attention.
A cottage in Mill Valley was secured, a
small one, for the funds of the auxiliary
aie not unlimited, and a matron and her
daughter were installed to care for the
cbilcren as they tvere sent over. The
larder was stocked with the best obtain
able, most of it being the generous gift
of merchants, who saw in the scheme a
worthy cause, and some email concessions
were made by the railroad. Then every
thing was ready and the first installment
<>f children was brought over and turned
loose on the hillsides overlooking the town
of Mill Valley. The place Is but ten min
utes" walk from the station and is big 1
enough for any number of children, but
ihe c-apacity of the cottage is limited, so
the tine had to be cut down in order that
all the children of the home could be
gives g few days out in the country air.
The rent of the cottage for the three
months it will be used by the auxiliary
was paid by some unknown friend of the
organization. There are other expenses,
however, that are being met as best the
ladies can, but they hope that, with the
aid of friends, they will Install the idea
as one of the regular summer works of
charity that the city can give to those
who need it most.
The officers of the Ladies' Auxiliary are:
Mips Daisy Burns of 1506 Washington
street, president; Miss Mabel Wheaton of
2S10 Washington street, secretary, and
Miss May Billings of Mill Valley," treas
urer. The home is at 512 Minna street.
The Little Sisters' Infant
Shelter Inaugurates
New Charity.
jhildren Are to Be Given a
Week of Pleasure in the .
Country.
WEEK'S OUTING
FOR THE WAIFS
THE SAX FBAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY .24,; 1901.
James Bennett Southard, '01, Will Join James
Neil 1 Com pany flonday N ight.
UNIVERSITY GRADUATE
CHOOSES STAGE CAREER
11
THE DAY'S DEAD.
A BUCKEYE HOLLOW INHERITANCE.
bY BSET HARTE. |
Mr. Wle's Latest and One o! His Strongest Storic?.
. A Vivid Talc ol Mmina Camp Lilc in the for West.
9OOO0000O0000O000OO00O00000000O0 0.O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO C
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOO Oj
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo oc
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO wKmm^mmmmmmmmmmmmm OOOOpOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO " OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
0 O OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO >> '<|j OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO C.. .^^ • OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ¦'- ~™H^ • OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ' A^_ J OOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooo "™™"""^^""™ ' ¦^"^¦¦ ll " 60000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO I . - OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO , w |r ¦mm i»» OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO » •|^»k T If T m OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO . I I 0 I ¦ OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
ooooooo o'o ooooo I H I" Bl '. j • oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooo .1 .^J Bk J oooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO ¦ . ¦^K*^ OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
™ E El? NT A im
RICHEST Cy 1 1 r\ STORY*
.'G/ARPOST V ~ OF THIS
IM iV 1 WINTER'S j
AMERICA. ./V \J jL* \ WRECKS.
e"^^^?o"7o™oT^^^o^ " A ~— •* TT oooooooooooooo
ocoooooooooooo "H s A^ II .. oooooooooooooo
ooooooooooooop v H ¦' /ji m ¦ oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooo B '- /™^k y . oooooooooooooc
oooooooooooooo -. . .A. i JL HI -^f oooocooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO l-- •:.' . Q O OOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOOOOO tml^ mmm^ . ' ¦ BM^ IBaa OOOOOOOOOOOOO'0
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
O OOOOO OOP OOOO 0.0 OOOO OOOO / OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO '^kf OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOO ¦ ¦ jg • O O O OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO \£L OOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOOC OOOO
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO ' OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
oooooooooooo oooooooo o'o o mm^ mm^ m^^ mm J oooooqooooooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooooooooooooooo oooooooooooooo ooooooo o oooooooo
STORY^OFAN EXILED THE • • HOW ROYALTY <
COUNT WHO RETURNS > VEILED PROPHET" TRAVELS IN EUROPE
TO, HIS INHERITANCE - 7 OF ¦ Illustrated by j
1B1-^_^^ .^^^^^^ , { - Photos of ¦ ihe Royal Train
HOVfoMiACAU, CHFIS ™ N SCIENCE, • ¦_ "¦ ¦ ¦.-•¦,/
FORMA CAMP W iiix Illustration* WHAT ONE CAN DO
: . ¦ :WAG0R of the "Mother^ Church: j WITH ACHAHNGDISH
oooooooOo ooo 00000000000000000 oooooooooooooooooooooo oo ooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOQ OOOOOOOOOOOOOCTHE SA2* FKASTCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, • MAY* 24, 1901.
12
DENTISTS. _ J _____^.
A^'Th^'-a-EiCTR^-DENT^ircLiNIC, 809 Mar-
ket st. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates extractions free, $4 60 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 3
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filings- extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 oO; fillings.
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order, to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
A NEW thing in- gold filling; no hammering as
before: absolutely no pain: investigate; exam-
inations free^IdealDentaj__C^6^E£d2Viv44&32 1
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR R.'L. WALSH.815% Geary.nr.Larkin- Paln-
legg extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polkll3o.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists. 9G9 Mission St.. cor. 6th. .
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market Et. , corner Sixth. '
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUXG. 1341 Polk St. - t
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL. .
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; 'Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
.tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post-st,
5. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
• & night sessions; new S0-p_ge catalogue free.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st.— Day
6. eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, teleg-
raphy, etc. ; life scholarship, $30; Individual
instruction; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, I an accredited preparatory
school f or . the university, law and medical %
colleges; references. President Jordan or any'
Stanford professor. Phelan building. :
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School.
. associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mining.mech., sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $50. San Fran-
cisco Business Colleee. 1236 Market st
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg., Individ, instruction; catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils In all branches In oil
painting by very competent lady teacher; 50c.
Box E, Call office. , •
SHORTHAND taught by mall and ' personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
Munson, School Shorthand.Tvplng.Bookkeeplng,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery, E. M. Carpenter, pr.
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar. Prof. Merkl, 1003
Mission; concert May 29. Union Square Hall.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, -writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Dre. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co.. 24 Montgomery
ave.. tel. John 1481, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad help, farm
hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.; best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2391.
JAPANESE • and Chinese help! of all kinds;
cooks, waiters . and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135. .
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning and employ-,
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tei. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. -15 Stockton; Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell st : tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED- — FEMALE.
EDUCATED German woman wishes position as
nursery governess or companion to lady; is
x willing to make herself useful with sewing
and light household duty; country preferred.
F. E., Call branch office, 639 McAllister Et.
I AM a first-class cook and love children; will
do any light - work; I have San Francisco
first-class references; wages, $2 weekly. Box
3208, Call office. . . ¦ ' .
WOMAN wants laundry work by the day; good
laundress; $1 10 per day; no postals answered.
605 Minna st. ; ¦ . .. - : . : ' ¦* ¦:¦¦':'. > , ;¦'',:' ¦¦. ¦.-
YOUNG girl ' wishes to do ' general housework
in American family. Address 2293 Geary st,
near Broderlck. , > - • ' t - ' .
WANTED— Work by the day, any kind, or
take washing home. .Address . E. H.. • 1385
Harrison st. ¦ .'.¦ ..- ¦' : ¦'•-> .
A •¦ COMPETENT woman i wishes position ; . is
•good :cook and' laundress; city or. country.
270 Jessie st. , . : " ' ¦¦¦
A GERMAN woman as . housekeeper or cook;
references. 162 Jessie St., near 'Palace Hotel
COOK, all styles; experienced;' $7 per week.'.
. Apply 313 Sutter St. , - ¦'.'¦ ... ¦ .'. -, ,' . ;•
WANTED— A, situation, to keep house for' a
gentleman; no triflers. 988 Howard st.'r. 3.-,
RELIABLE young lady .wishes • position ¦ as an
experienced nursegirl; sleep, home. . Call 651
Stevenson St.: entrance on Seventh. ,. . ;
YOUNG lady,' late from . New.; York, wishes | a
position as cashier in a store. Please call at
255 Octavta ' st. - ".-...•¦; ¦:.¦.;-.;.,.-. ' -^
YOUNG woman wishes work by the day house-
• cleaning; no wa&hing; is reliable. Box 105,
Cal1 of fl{>e -' ¦'•'¦¦ .-•"¦.¦¦'••• v ¦¦ .-', ¦¦ ¦
SCANDINAVIAN woman wishes situation to do
housework In small : family. .23 Chenery : st.,'
. near . Thirtieth. .' ' '¦ . ¦.".
WANTED— Position by. young lady, as .caBhler
.in commercial establishment or as! copyist; in
office ; experience; \ reference. ¦ .' 149 ; Russ st.' :,:.
ELDERLY Protestant woman .wishes place . as
working 'housekeeper. 422 Twenty-ninth . st,
between Sanchez rand: Noe. .:;-. .. ': '. ._
REFINED ynung lady,. well educated; cheerful,
willing, wishes position as, governess, . com-
panion ¦ or. care ; of invalid- or-chlldren: refer T '
ences;:city or country; wages $25 to ; $30. A.
:B., Palo Alto,' Cal. . V 7V
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
DRESSMAKER, late of New York, wishes to
go out for $2 a day. Apply to MRS. N.
WAHLQUIST, 609 Kearny Bt. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED— MALE.
YOUNG man. 23 years old, desires position as
shipping clerk or general office work; mod-
erate wa_es; best of references. Box 3204,
Call office. •-.¦"¦¦'
GERMAN gentleman desires situation . in
butcher shoo' or any other kind of work;
country preferred: references. WM. MUS-
SER. 435. Fine st. ¦
A MIDDLE aged Dane wishes situation In a
private place; understands care of horses,
cows and garden; first class reference. Ad-
dress Box 2244, Call office. Oakland.
TRUSTWORTHY German wishes position as
night watchman; several years' experience.
Box 3202. Call office. . . -. '
AN experienced, sober and Industrious ¦ all
around mechanic on repair work, with tools,
locksmith, electrician, bicycle and wood-
worker, etc., desires position as handy man
around summer resort. C. L. B., 438 Golden
Gate ave. ¦ •
YOUNG German with experience desires posi-
tion in grocery store. C. P., 201 Montgomery'
ave. - - -
BARBER with 2 years'- experience wants work
with good man. ' Box 3195, Call office.
YOUNG marrle/i couple (new arrivals); man
coachman, etc.; wife first-class English cook;
private family; $30 month. C. B., box 2243,
Call branch. Oakland. ¦
PRACTICAL gardener and handy man wants
permanent place to attend to horses and
milk and make himself useful; good refer-
ences. ¦ Address box 3182, Call office. .
A YOUNQ man desires position as first-class
barkeeper; country; best of references. Box
41S5. Call. : -
YOUNG man, fluent with Chinese language,
. would ¦ like a responsible position; refer-
ences and security. Address box 3177, Call.
EMPLOYMENT wanted by engineering stu-
•dent as field or office assistant; speaks Span-
ish. Box 793, Sanford University. Cal.
MIDDLE-AGED German seeks employment in
bottling works; soda water and cider or wine
bottling preferred. Box 3186, Call office.
WANTED — A position as cutter and general
tailor, young man, steady and industrious:
best of references. | A-dress G. C. WINTER-
BERG, :1618H Turk st.
MAN and wife, Scandinavian, wish situations;
man a. gardener and handy with tools. Box
3165. Call. - ¦ , . . - ¦ . ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia st. ' -. '¦
FLATS TO LET.
TO rent— 3 new flats, 6 to 8 rooms; 1907 Oak st.,
near Cole; these flats are elegantly .finished;
dining-room has beamed ceilings; rooms are
all papered; parlor is frescoed; also furniture
and carpets for sale; open for inspection 10
to 12 and 1 to 6.
FLAT of 4 rooms, bay window and bath. 716
Natoma st, between Eighth and Ninth; $12.
FURNISHED flat for- sale; newly furnished
downtown flat of 7 rooms for sale; cheap, be-
: tween 2 and 5 p. m. 9S4 Geary st.
HAMPTON place. 15. off Folsom, bet. 2d & 3d,
" near 3d — $21; sunny house 7 rms., bath; hot,
cold water; stationary tubs; excellent order.
NEW corner upper 6-room modern flat, just
finished; one left; very sunny; NW. corner
Eighteenth and Hartford sts.. nrt Castro; $30.
TO rent — 2 elegant new flats on Cole st, cor.
Oak; everything In latest design ; frescoed
I ceilings: marble and tiling vestibule; rent
reasonable; also furniture and carpets for
sale; open from 10 to 12 and 1 to 5. -
CLAY, 2421, near Fillmore— Upper flat of 3
choice eunny rooms, pantry, storeroom, $12.
$9 — 4-ROOM flat,- sunny; porch; water free. 523
Linden ave.; key at 524 Fell st.
NICE, flat of 4 rooms; no children. 3789 Sev-
enteenth st, near Sanchez.
TO.lease-^sIx months. or longer— furnished flat;
five rooms and bath; on car line, near park
.. panhandle. 965 Oak st., tel. Page 1109.
SUNNY modern' 6-room flat; rent" reasonable;
without children. 2843 Folsom st.
SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms and bath. 1012
Thirteenth st, near Scott. \
SUNNY flat, 225 Eighth st ; water free; yard;
near Howard; $10.- . . - ¦ ' -- -
V FLATS TO LET— Furnished. (
FURNISHED '6 rooms; range; 3 to 4 months;
¦ $40; references.' Call afternoon, 523 , McAl-
llster st. . ...-•¦ ¦ > - - -¦ -
FEATHER RENOV ATING.
Feather beds, pillows, hair mattresses steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe. 370 Mission, cor. Sth.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak/ $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market
" ' FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
'merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071. . ¦ .
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc:, see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3333.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
- sells, your bus., merchandise, fur.,, carpets, etc.
IF you want to' sell furn., mdse.; etc.; see J. A. v
Munro & Co.,' 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE €lsposlng " of your : , furniture see
Golden. Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st. pays highest
price -for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent,1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. <LEVY buys your furniture. ' carpets,
I pianos etc. '1135 Market st. ; tel. Jessie 761.
; HELP -AVANTED— FEMALE.
AT-.C.R. HANSEN &"CO.'S.':Phone Grant 185
..'...'...... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ' . . . . . . f,
' " A . man •¦ and 1 wlf e ' to do ¦' plain ; and '. guests'
* washing for small first-class 'summer resort,
j $50 and fare'; one way ; cook, same place, $30.
T For particulars apply. . :.. -y~
*C. R. HANSEN & CO....'...... -.104 Geary sf
WOMAN ¦ cook, resort; short dl-tance. . .¦."..'. .$40
¦2 waitresses, springs, fare -both ways... $20
: • Head waitress {'.'. ..... V. : .". .7.. $35
•20 waitresses, country, hotels... :.. $20 and $25
" .Waitress, summer resort, see party } here,
¦ 9 a. -.m........ ••••• .....-..$20
10 'waitresses, city-.. •..:::.':; '. ..".'. .....:. !$20
- 2 chambermaids, city ....... -c....:..:.. $18, $20
Laundress, summer resort, plain work:... ; $20
j .......... FAMILY. DEPARTMENT ¦. :....:... ¦
-.Cook. t city. German style,' $30; 3 cooks, :coun-
I try,' $25 and fare pald;10 housegirls, country,
$15, $25,. fare paid; woman > for, day work," $1 a
day, steady ' place, ' no '<. Sunday ,, work ; house-
¦ girls all. over, the city,*as-,well.as'nursegirls,
-, second girls, -etc. :;' a nurseglrl, '. choice place,'
-. $15.' i ?*«.« .; ¦ >. ! •"• - .- ¦'• ; : - '•¦" >'' • " 3V: <¦'<¦¦ *;-%r ;
: C, R. .HANSEN & CO. ..104 Geary st
VEST, hands; 'also apprentice; .wages no object. 1
¦ /fi41V_ Stevenson '. St., ¦¦*";,; < " V' '- ¦¦ '¦<'¦':'¦>
PANTS ¦ finishers work, : ; Royal Pants
, i Company, j 223 • Kearny , •!. " . •. ~- : ; : ; ¦¦' ',' ¦
SAN FRAJTCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
rail, corner of Market and Third etreets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In th« year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery street
corner Clay: open until 9:30 p. m.
TOO Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
f33 McAllister etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
CJ5 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m. ¦ .
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m, ,
£261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
10P6 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. in.
2200 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
SIEETIXG NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K
T 8 Post Ft— Regular assembly THIS TIIB*
<FRIDAT) EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. All K3j
fraters courteously Invited. By order V^
of t-e Command^ _, GRAVEg> Rgco^ e ;
FAN FRANCISCO Lod.e No. 3. I.
• r» O. F. — Kvrry member who is !g\ ' ;^aA^
tn the city and In well is ex-
Df>cted to attend the meeting of '""
the Lodge THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, May
21. By order of the N. G. '>"-',
F. M. HEGEMAN, R. S.
SAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. K.
O T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) je|a5g_fe.
EVENING at 8 o'clock, Tioneer feSSfiffl
Hall, 24 Fourth *t. \M^S3
H. H. CASTLE.
Record Keeper. ~»^^-
THE Caledonian Club will hold its ,v XT *).
thirty-filth annual p_t_erlnir and j\ 9A*J
games at Shell Mound Park on *«_vXi*
THURSDAY. Mav 30. #1116 best ~=»C5~»
athletes of the Pacific Coast will compete
for prize*. Over $2300 will b« distributed.
Full bands for pavilion dancing up to 8
p. in. Bagpipers for platform and fancy
danciag. 'Over forty events on programme;
Ret one. A Highland welcome with a full
day of pleasure to alL Buy. round-trip ferry
tickets for Shell Mound Park. Admission to
grounds, adults, 50c; children, 25c.
-ty^X. COMMITTEE.
ANNUAL MEETING— The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Olympic
Bait Water Company will be held at the
office of the company, S27 Market Bt. San
Fr_nd_co. Cal.. on MONDAY, the 27th d«y
cf May. 1901, _t the hour of 3 o'clock p. m..
for the purpose of electing a board of direc-
tors to 6erve for the ensuing year, and the
transaction of euch other business as may
ccme before the meeting. Transfer books
win close on Friday. May 17. 1901. at 3
o'clock p. m. CHAS. A. GIBSON, Sec.
Offlce S77 Market ft.. San Francisco. C-l.
ADOPTION^
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-
bieg. MRS. DR. FCN'KE. 1416 Sth. AUmeda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
pair*-: post*-. 11S6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.^
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22, 1S7 Montgomery St., E. F.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
XV. DAVIDSON. P27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Epreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket *t; consultation free: no fees in advance.
BATHS:
TOU can get boiling hot water for baths
without extra cost Ring up LANE, the
Plumber. Main 315; 603 California gt
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
J OR 3 children to board, week or month: best
care:sunny yard:nr.school:re-sonable.l607 Cal.
11CSIXESS CHAXCES.
A RARE chance; price $1900; dairy, produce
and delicatessen store, clearing above $150 per
month: rent $15; stock will invoice price:
location can't be beat. Call R. G. WILKE.
2614 Kearny st.
A— $330; DELICACY store with branch bakery;
living rooms; rent $18; choicest location; Va-
lencia et; come make an offer. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny St.
A— $750; SALOON; no better located place In
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month: no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26'.4 Kearay st.
A— $500; CORNER saloon with 2 living rooms,
en Brannan *t; Good business; close to fac-
tories. Call R. G. WILKE. 26K Kearny st
A — $1000; HALF interest in leading- restaurant;
private boxes; located close to Powell and
Market sts. R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny st
A-$29OO; BOARDING and livery stable. West-
ern Addition; net rent $4S; clearing above $150
per month; large patronage; stock of bug-
gies, horses and harness first class. Call R.
G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $500; CORNER grocery and bar with 4 living
rooms; established years; rent $35: location
can't be beat and the business is first-class.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et
A— $1700: ICECREAM parlors and cafe, on lead-
lng business street; rent $65; first-class pay-
ing establishment: owner compelled by sick-
ness to retire. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26Vt Kearny st
A— $1100; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
bath; very choicest business location; rent
S39; investigate and make an offer; a rare
and good chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26U
Kearny 6t ,
A— M00O; SALOON on Market St.; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $135; sickness In family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint Call R. G.
_ WILKE. 26»,4 Kearny st
A— CANDY store in Western Addition $350
Delicacy store; good, stock; no opposition. 500
Saloon In business district 4500
Saloon near beach, $400; saloon and lodg-
ing house soo
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market St. 2000
Merchandise business in good town 1200
Corner grocery and bar, from $400 up to.. 4000
Stationery etores, cigar stands, bath houses,
delicacy etores. in all parts of city, from $150
up. EITEL & CO.. 1022 Market st
$1200— STEAM laundry; long established and
doing Urge end very profitable buslnep %.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st
$850— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work; daily receipts $10 to $12; rent $42 &0.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busU
ii«-fs call on HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30
Kearny Bt.; telephone Main J604.
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars,
SOO candy and icecream stores, 500 restaurants.
frGO Etores of all kinds; partners wanted
Parties with $100 up can be 6Uited. If you
Tvart to buy a business call and %en us r
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market Et.
FOR private sale — Some of best saloons in city.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
A-$19C0; DELICACY store; receipts $30 a day;
t**it $13; ev*xythlng first claf>8: owner going to
""many. STRAND & KAISER. 209 kearny.
BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; receipts
HO a day. STRAND & KAISER. 209 Kearny.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and bars, res-
taurants. bakeries, candles, cigars notions.
drug -tores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Mkt.
$«fV-CORNER grocery and bar; old establish-
ed bu«in.?sf>: rare chance. MCLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777^ Market st.
FOR sale— S3000; old-established flower store
-•-.th nursery, hothouse, etc., boiler, horses,
wag-ons, plants and trees of all descriptions:
many years and doing a mon«y-
making business. Particulars CARL CARL-
hON. TOO Haight st
A GOOD business for one or two ladies: ladles'
r>#>w and Ffeond hand clothing store; rent
cheap ; location first class. 1013^ FolKom hi.
FliOREKT to join me In starting nursery: I
nave 7 arrrti land, water and house Box
Call office. • • ¦•
COMPLETELY furnished running restaurant-
bargain to right party; opposite S. P. depot
688 Fourth Ft. • •
WANTED— A partner Is some splendid paying
patents. Call at 7 Clara st.
$70CO— A choice bargain— general merchandise
Ftore In the country forty miles from San
Francisco: established 17 years: low rent:
electric lights; no credit over 30 days; good
r*>OF.on« for selling; a rare chance; average
monthly pales $1200. Address letters to Box
3174. Call office. San Francisco.
DENTAL office, well advertised, doing a buisi-
nees of $600 a month; this Is a rare chanco
for the right party. • Address box 41144 Call
§ office.
—$225 RESTAURANT at 6S6 Geary st; nice
place; nice trade; suitable for man and wife:
must be week.
$3W-PACRIF1CE; paying cigar store m town
of EOOO inhabitants; clears over $70 per
month. t Box 31S2. Call office.
FOR SALE— Chicken r_nch. $2i0; rent $10. In-
cluding all of thlp year's fruit. Inquire Nlel-
non'i Grocery. Diamond. Upper Fruitvale av.
ANYONE deplrlng an interest in a manufactur-
ing business with zreat future. Call at 'US
Phelan building.
52TO— RESTAURANT for sale; 7 living rooms.
MRS.-L. LIND. Tiburt-n. Cal. • ¦;-„;.
SALOON— old «?Etabl'J=fc».d corner: 2 sunny liv-
ing rooms; must sell; ether business. _54 4th.
RKSTAURANT.good place for man and wife:
• v^ry low rent. Address Box 3170.
MAN with $300. to Join party to work placer
claim at Cape Nome. Box 24-3, Call office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate Agent.
719 Market Rt.. by the Call building.
8 rooms; rent $20; income J3S; terms $100
down and $100 in monthly installments.. $200
11 rooms; new piano: quiet: respectable.. 300
16 rooms: rent $50: income $100 1000
10 rooms; rent $50; Income $100; Market st. SCO
14 looms; cost $1000: downtown: full 600
17 rooms; income $133: clears $70 month.. 750
14 rooms; new v carpets; new furniture;
full: rent $40; income $80: lawn; large
grounds; includes ulano; hasty depart-
ure of owner 550
12 rooms: income $97; oak and mahogany;
hair mattresses; bon ton; Al location.. 800
24 rooms; corner: downtown: rent $58;
sunny: central: owner sick; compelled
to sell 1300
55 rooms $3600|100 rooms $6500
€0 rooms 32301 CO rooms 5000
43 rooms 35C0! 42 rpoms 2000
56 rooms 700| 36 rooms 1800
A. CAMERON & CO.. "
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton Et.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
27 rooms; rent $100; cost $3200 to fur.; first- !
class location: fine v downtown house — $2600
14 rooms; rent $65; water free; oak fur.. 500
18 rooms; 2 entrances; rent $73; trans 1500
20 rooms; rent $60; water free: good furn. 1000
24 rooms; furniture new; rent $30 2100
19 rooms; rent $60; clears $70... v . 1000
15 rooms; rent $70; elegantly fur. board-
ing-house; reduced on acct. departure.. 1050
45-ROOM house; clears $150 $2,000
6-room flat; new 3oO
16 rooms on Sixth st <50
100 rooms; corner; clears $300 7,000
120 rooms; clears $600 10 -Vx2
16 rooms: new and clears $100 .-.. 1,400
17-room house; clears $150 1.400
SO-room house (transient) 2,300
15 rooms on Mission st -^J.--"
100 OTHER HOUSES FROM $100 TO $10,000.
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN. TOWN.
7 rooms; well furnished; good location... $200
19 rooms; big money-maker: cheap rent.. 500
33 rooms: clears $125 mo. : chiefly offices.. 2000
62 rooms; excellent furniture; a bargain.. 2800
118 r. modern house; good cor.; make offer.
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses - and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
¦WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market Bt.
FISHER & CO., 935 Market St., opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price $S00; 35 rooms, price $1400. •
24 rooms, price" $1000; 12 rooms, price $550.
26 rooms, price $1400: 11 rooms, price $325.
8 rooms, finely furnished, rent $30, $500.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
16 ROOMS— Only $850; fine location; near Mar-
ket: fine transient. FISHER, 935 Market st.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for it
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market. .,
18 ROOMS; Mission et.; rent $60; price $725.
12 rooms; Mason St.: rent $45: price $750.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75: price $1500.
13 rooms on Eddy St.; rent S58; price $650.
9 rooms; Mission St.: rent $25: price $250.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth str ,
35 ROOMS: rent $80: receipts about $200....$S50
10 rooms: rent $50; clears $35 per month.. $650 :
$300— Lodging-house, 14 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays good profit. HORN, j
SOLOMON & CO., 20 Kearny st. j
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market Bt.— A good list
of lodgingr-houses.
PARTIES wishing to purchase lodging-houses
at reasonable prices call 1008^ Market, r. 4.
GOOD-PAYING and nicely furnished corner
flat: a bargain. 874 Howard St. I
SNAP— 28-room house, all full; good reason for
selling; rent $60^ 420 Sixth ft.
11 ROOMS; oak furniture; must sell on account j
of departure. 1352 Howard St.. corner Tenth, j
SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY— •
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats cures sick; cancer . removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellls-
cL car; sit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 2461. |
MRS. HUBBARD, 103 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p. m.; Wednesday, 2:30, 10c; reading
daily. 50c.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance; 8 p. m. ; 50 cents. 10S4 Bush St., near
Leavenworth.
MRS. LESTER, test meOTum f circles Tuesday.
Thurs. and Sun., 8 p. m., 10c; readings 50c.
148 Sixth st., room IS.
MRS. IX5UISE S. DREW. Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larktn
et; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
MRS. DUNHAM, 14 McAllister st.. room 35—
Circles to-day. 2 and 8. p. m.: sittings daily.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 117 Taylor
b_, room 14.
EARLE. G22 Geary st., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings dally; seances Tues.. ,Thurs. & Sun.
MRS. ALICE AUSTIN, business and test me-
dium; clairvoyant; card reader. "15 Post st.
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S circle, S p. m.. 10c: read-
ings dally, 1 to 5. except Wed., Sat. J05 Larkln.
RAYMOND, boy medium: grand trumpet se-
ance to-night: tests to all. 509 Gough. !
KATIE HEUSSMANN, 136 West Mission et.,
nr. I3th — Circle Sun. eve., 25c; sittings daily.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: Fittings dally: test to all to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD," — -
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third Et.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present i
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will bo told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in' all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future: never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c .up: satisfaction to every-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c.
gents $1 palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk. (
MME. SANDERS. 38 McAllister St.. medium
and palmist; teaches mind telegraphy and
gives advice on all business; hours 12 to 8.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
fails: readings, COc. 8 Hayes St., nr. Market.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium, 25c up. 472 Stevenson st.. cor. 6th.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant card reader; ladles,
?5c; gents, 50c. 132 Sixth st
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 116th; German spoken ; tel. Howard, 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER. alairvoyant, card , reader;
sittings daily. US% Jessie st. bet. 5th and 6th.
LET'S go to WATSON, the best palmist and
medium In town. 1 Seventh st. cor. Market.
MME.- AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 23c. 1149 Mission.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy; palmist, card read-
er; 25c up; leaves May 27. 5 Seventh st
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET UEATIXG AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works, 253-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet-cleaners and reh-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth Bt. ; tel. Jessie 10611
KUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. . 1703 Harrison : ¦ tel. Howard 2351.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister Et; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 Sth st: tel. South 250.
J. E. "MITCHELL 'Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main" 894. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
. TON. 3 Eighth st; telephone Jessie 944.
CQNJCLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
• Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS^
INGROWN nails,, bunions, corns, warts, chil-
blains: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter. -
COLLECTION OFFICES. 1
GEORG_r\vT^C^L^S~A^n^y^^oTn_rsTun^
less successful. Room 310. 927 ¦ Market at.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage. 6 rooms and
- bath; fine garden. 2235 Fifteenth st. V
WANTED — A ;man ¦ to run a diamond drill;
must be able to eefhis own bits.' -Reply; with
- - references, to box 5193; Call ¦ office.. .
_ help: wasted— female- - Con _-^.
WANTED— 2 laundresses. $23 and $30 ; second
cook for nice resort, $30; cook for family In
country,$23no washing; head waitress, family
hotel,- $30; , 2 hotel waitresses, country, $25; 4
waitresses, restaurants, $7 and $8 a weeK, s
cooks, plain wash.- $30; 2 parlor maids and
waitresses, . $25; 4 second girls, . $20 and J-o,
44 girls for housework In city and country,
$25; 2 nurses, $25; cook, no wash, for San
Jose, $30, see party in office. '
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter »t. .
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO......~Phone Main 1575
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ••
Head waitress. $30; 10 waitresses, city and
country, $20 and $25; .2 chambermaids to
wait, $20: chambermaid, resort, $20; chamDer-
maid to wait, resort, $20; pastry cook, 130.
......:..: FAMILY DEPARTMENT ...........
Cook, $25, and second girl, $20, same family,
Menlo Park, see lady here, fare paid; house-
girl, small , family, , city, $20, no office fee.
many choice city and country ( places. _-U_.
M. E. DAY &.CO., 335 Geary St. .' ¦-'.-- ¦
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.—
Waitresses, country, $25; woman pastry cook,
$30. . , ¦¦¦-¦/•
ONLY a few more vacant ' machines, which
will be given to young girls Svho desire to
: learn "operating; paid while learning.
STANDARD SHIRT, FACTORY. Gough and
• Grove sts.. city. ¦¦ ¦ . ' - ' •
A GIRL for general housework and cooking:
three in family; no washing. Apply 1018
Green st., near Leavenworth, before noon.
EXPERIENCED button-hole maker on dress
shirts; good pay; steady work. BRENNER-
ULMAN CO.. 17 Battery gt. ¦ .
WANTED— A neat and industrious woman for
housekeeper and help In store. Apply at
'. grocery. Fifteenth and Dolores sts. |
WANTED— Reliable lady representatives: sal-
ary or commission; no books. BITTER &
. FULLER, Room 14, fifth floor. Mills ; Bldg.
GIRLS. wanted from 15 to 18 years of age for
factory work; will be ¦ paid while learning.
Apply 100 Sacramento st. • . '
WANTED— Young girl for light housework
and cooking; Sundays free. Call after 9,
301 Jones gt; ; $15 a month. ' ' ¦¦•
WANTED— Reliable girl for plain - cooking;
small family;. $20; references. Call 2208 De-
vlEadero at., 9 to 12 a. m. ' ' ;
BRIGHT, self-reliant woman with fair educa-
tlon. $45. Box 3205. Call office. '
YOUNG lady for work In factory. Apply Spice
Mill, 696 Battery at. ¦ ' .
WOMAN to help with the cooking, and a
lunch waitress. 130 Second st.
AN elderly lady; very light housework; under-
stands children. 2406 Harrison »t.
WANTED— 'A lady In- ehootlng gallery.. 523
Pacific at. ,i
EXPERIENCED optrators on electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL & MICHELS, 631
Mission at.
WANTED— Experienced operators anil flnlsli-
ers on shirts and ladle" 1 walsto, EAOLESON
CO.. 535 Market at. .
OPERATORS wanlofl at Levl _tr_U8» tc Co.'*
overall fiictory, 32V4 Fremont »t. Apply to
MR. DA V18.
HAIRDRESHINCr thoroughly taught In 2 wk«.;
entire cournn $.">: posltlon» guaranteed; \>\g sal-
ary at start. Halrdr«sslnK College, 674 <J«-.ary.
APPRENTICE! on fine custom veata, HTIOE-
LER, 4G1 Jesale Bt.
AVANTED— Flrat-claes helper for dreanmaker.
7S2 Qeary et. - -
COMPETENT person a» forewoman * In large
overall factory. Box 104, Call office.
GIRL . for light housework. 3627 Seventeenth
street. > ,
OPERATOR anl flnlrher* on custom-made
| pants. MORQENSTEHN, 461 Jeeale at.
OPERATORS on muslin underwear; aleo learn-
ers. O. W. Reynolds. 697 Mission St.." cor. 2d.
GOOD cook, .wages ,$25; call forenoon. 601
Stelner at. . ¦
GOOD tallorees on coats; also finishers; ateady.
775 Market st. . ¦• .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. •
...HELP WASTED— HALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ..104 Geary st.
Wanted for New Railroad Work.
..Ship . Sunday ."
50 teamsters. Truckee
/50 laborers, Truckee.
100 teamsters and laborers, Ukiah....$2 a day
100 tunnelmen, Chatsworth Park $2, $2 50
50 outside laborers for tunnel $1 §3
100 laborers for ballasting track... $1 75
Ship dally • ....Free fare
...OFFICE KEE FOR ABOVE ! JL^......
100 men for sawmills, woods, tiemaking- and
wood chopping, - haymaking and farmers,
milkers; gardener for private place, country,
$30; coachman for doctor, $20 and found; man
and wife as farmer and cook, see parties
here; man and ¦ wife for small resort for
plain and guests' washing, $50 and fare one
way; harnessmaker for ranch, $35 and found;
10 blacksmiths, country, ¦- %Z a . day and $50 a
month and found .'.......>.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Walter for the springs.. ...$35
baker and pastry cook, country hotel... — $60
cake baker, shop, country .....
head cook 1100
meat and pastry cooks, ' country hotels. $90, $80
French cook, small country resort, see party
here, $70; waiters, bellboys, porters, vege-
tableman, potwashers, dishwashers, assistant
cooks, bakers' helpers, cook and third cook,
small country hotel, $50 and $30; head cook.
$75; pastry cook. $40; porter. $25, summer re-
Bort --Bee boss here; second cooks, broilers,
fryers, for the city, $65; vegetable cook, $60.
C. R. HANSEN & CO. 104 Geary st.
A HOTEL manager who is well acquainted
with San Francisco people and people In gen-
eral on the Pacific Coast, $100,- for summer
¦ resort- ... .\ .'....- ¦ •'•
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary
Bread baker • W00
C. R.. HANSEN & CO..... 104 Geary
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY
....59 Third st. ; phone Bush 405
EO railroad laborers, $1 75 to $2 25 per day —
free fare free fare free fare
fee $1 for railroad work all kinds
6 men for rock crusher. $2 per day
6 men to make posts, $3 per hundred
4 men to cut wood, pine, 4 ft, $1 25 per cord..
8 lumber pliers, $35 to $45 per. month & board
10 men to make hay. $1 25 to $2 per day "..
3 mos'. work haying,- harvesting & threshing
experienced man for concrete work, $3 per day
Bakersfleld, fare paid, see boss here
2 milkers, $30 and board and bed....
sticker and matcher hand, country, $3 per day
,100 other jobs waiting; come read our bulletin
boards • • • • • • « . .
20 RAILROAD laborers, free fare; 4 miners, $2
a day and board and $2 50; 8 carmen for mine.
$1 50 and board and $2 day; blacksmith. $2
day and board; jobbing carpenter; 10- labor-
ers for. woods,- $26 and. found; stableman, $30
and found; groom;. man to peddle fruit: boy
for grocery, and others. J. F.", CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento.'
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, r. 12.—
Walters,' country, . $00; bellboy, $25; second
cook, $50; elevator boy, $20.- /.
WAITER and waitress,' country hotel, $45, fare
paid, European plan house; 2 pantrymen, $20
,: and $25. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 333 Geary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market I st., room 207.
I. LESS. . Secretary ; telephone ; Jessie 1176.
ACTIVE man by large 'manufacturing house
to work home; $36 cash paid -for 12 days'
trial; promotion; permanent position if eat-
Isfactcry. Address D. B. , SHEPP. 723 Chest-
nut St.. 'Phlladeplhla, Pa. -
YOUNG man for shorthand and typewriting in
mercantile- house; must have, experience and
be proficient; , salary . $30 per month. ¦• Write In
9 own • hand age, experience and references to
box 3201. Call office. ' " ¦ - ' ' - -
WANTED— A « first-class - stenographer and
operator on the Remington, with some knowl-
edge of bookkeeping, v Apply Rlx Compressed
IS Air and Drill Co., .396; Mission st. ¦ --..'¦
WANTEDfA I first-class washer who under-
/ stands how .to ! handle '• engine ' and boiler;
none other need apply; wages $40 and found.
• N. JOENSEN, Woodland,- Cal.:.:.
WANTED— First-class ; ; fur " dresser for Salt
: Lake City; steady work on. contract; good
wages. Call Sunday, . between 4 and 6 o'clock,
"/May 26. Grand ; Hotel. E. MEHESY JR. ;
SHORT order cook for hotel restaurant in Ne-
' vada; wages $35 per month and found to be-
V; gin with. "Address box 4110.. Call office.
ALL boss barbers running 10-cent shops are re-
.- quested to meet ¦¦ at -763 Mission ; St.- Tuesday
'¦ evening, . May ; 28; ¦ on very ¦ important business.
GOOD union barber -wanted for. Saturday and
- Sunday. ..- 1885 Mission ; st. -'. -^. / - .-' ?y
WANTED— Barber for < Saturday at 652 Sacra-
¦'; mento st. ; good ¦; wages.' ... V; _--.',..• : - -¦ .
FOREMAN. bread bakers." bread bakers, help-
ers,', confectioners; good pay.; 127 Mason st. 4
WANTED— In -^wholesale house, .strong boy
about 16 years of age. Address box 3206, Call.
HARD candymaker and . helper.' ;' 538 .Washing-
V. ton st. ; : : ¦-• '.-,;¦¦¦ •' - ':¦'¦'¦¦: *: ¦'-.-.' ¦ V :
WANTED— Elevator boy; Inquire. from 6 to 10
! -., a: m. ... 123 Eddy st. ... ¦... '.-'¦.. :.¦¦¦•.
WANTED— Good ' dishwasher. r ' Capital Restau-
'' rant,' 206! McAllister st.'. : . .'" ¦-.'.','_• -0 -,;
PAINTER. 1 non-union;! no office f ees. ,-, Mechan-
> ics' ; Registration Bureau. 410 Kearny St.; ¦'/ ¦. ¦'.
ALL sizes men's shoes, '.slightly" damaged,' half
.price.; 662. Mission ht.. i bet." 1st ;and 2d sts. 7.
¦ .....-- ¦•¦.-: ¦ _ ¦ ' • ¦-.. ¦•-_:-. . . ¦ .
-.WAITER for coffee house. - 61_ Ke'aray at. . ,
FREE FARE.
gangs on the Santa Barbara and 1 Los A«S2
division; wages $1 73 and $2 GO dyy-"'^' p
383 laborers for other - lvIsl ° n9 -°, f lfo rnia 'and
R. K. Company, all parts i of „ California, a na
Nevada; wages $1 75 and $2 50 day. free rare
10 laborers, quarry •••• *"*
LABORERS VVadaV
10 laborers, city ii^' and found
10 laborers, city work -» *- a " 4, jU
5 laborers. San Mateo County, long J«»>-— £,
15 laborers for a mine north....M and louna
10 laborers for sawmnis,. yards and woods...^
fare paid wages $26 to $4a and J<g™
79 laborers for city and country: wa S es ?- _ lo
; CARPENTERS 'ANDMECHANiCAL.' HELP
5 carpenters for a mining company..... ••-••»'-
3 carpenters, rough work • .*- g "{**
1 carpenter, south, house work •••*¦ ""
blacksmith, Sonoma County ••*¦* -" °~*
blacksmith, agricultural works, south- $J day
blacksmiths, country shops.. ..$3 and $3 o0 day
ranch blacksmith, $40 and found; Wacksmlths
helper, ranch. $30; blacksmith, city: black-
smith helper, city; wheelwright and jvooa-
worker. country shop, $9 and found *"*••••••
SAWMILL HELP ••• MINES
Gang edgers, Amador County, small j™ 11^^
screw "turner)* Amador County.. $45 and found
band sawyer, ¦ crosscut sawyer, tree fellers
. 158 laborers, sawmill, yards and woods
¦ 78 laborers, mines, no experience ...:....•
$30 to $30 and found
9 machine miners J3 a day
5 single-hand miners. $60; 3 rock drillers. tbO
FARMS DAIRIES ORCHARDS
10 men or boys to pick, thin and pack fruit;
make themselves useful on the ranch, vine-
yard and orchard for a large syndicate: no
experience required $26 and found
6 teamsters, vineyards $26 to $30
12 teamsters, different ranches.. $30, $35 and 540
50 haymakers $30, $35 and $40
10 men run mowing macnines, hay rakes and
hay bucks •-•• 930 to $40
12 buttermakers and milkers $30, $35 and $40
15 choremen and boys $25, $20 and $la
..-.;.... MISCELLANEOUS
' Choreman. Catholic institution,; fanner and
wife, orchard, see boss here ; milk wagon
driver near city, see boss here; 7 buggy- wash-
ers, hostlers and stablemen, city and country
$35 to 150 and found
HOTEL, BAKERY AND LAUNDRY DE-
PARTMENT. •
3 cooks, country hotels, $40 and found; 23
cooks, city; 33 -waiters; 57 ! kitchen hands,
dishwashers and vegetable men, $40. $30, $25
and $20 ••
cook for mine, 8 men, south.... $25 and found
6 ranch cooks $30 to $40 and found
baker, country shop $50 and found
cake baker ..: $17 50 a week
' baker, city, $70; bakers, city. $50, $40 and
found; baker's helper, city, $25
10 laundrymen, country.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay St.
FRANK C. RIVERS— Send address imme-
diately to box 3203, Call office; Important
buslneea requires your attention. • . . '
WANTED — Shoemaker to buy or rent shop.
Apply 711 Brannan st.
BREAD and cake bakers. American Bakery,
627 Broadway.
FOREMAN on bread and foreman on cake.
612 Kearay st. ¦ -
YOUNG butcher for shop and wagon. 1823
Point Lobos ave.
WAITERS wanted. 657 Clay street. -
WANTED— A day cashier; a responsible man.
29 Stockton st.
WANTED — Recruits for the marine corps. TJ-
S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inohes and not over 6 feet 1
Inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco.
DETECTIVES— We want a responsible man In
every city and town to do secret service work;
¦ $4 a day and expenses for actual service; ref-
erence required; postage for reply. Interna-
tional Detective Agency, .Milwaukee, Wls.
WANTED— Men to learn, barber trade; $60
monthly paid our graduates; two months
completes; more calls for, our barbers than
we can suooly; tools presented;, wages Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy season now;
call or write for our special offer to-day.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. KS^lay St.
WANTED— Touns man of neat appearance;
one who thoroughly understands silks and
dress goods; state experience, age and salary
expected. Apply box 3168, Call office.
WANTED — At Restaurant Keepers* Associa-
tion. 127 Mason St., restaurant help of all
kinds; male and female; register at once;
permanent positions; good pay.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that E<1 Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third' st.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BRICKLAYER wanted to set up French ranges
and ¦ furnaces; also shop %vork; steady job.
Address- box 3194., Call office. .
SALESMEN wanted to sell oil stock In strong
company; liberal proposition. Apply room 7,
532 Market st.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BTJLLIS,""
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R., room 40. Phelan bldg.. SOS Market.
PARTIES wanting clerical positions will do
well to call or address 10O8V4 Market, rm. 4.
TAILORS wanted on coats; come ready to
work. 135% Natoma st.
WANTED — Two shoemakers on repairing:
must have tools ; steady Job. 345 Third st.
WOMAN wants man partner in raising flowers.
30 Hannah St.. Watts tract, Oakland.
COATMAKER wanted to work !n store.
CHARLES WEISER & CO., 3026 24th st.
WANTED— Harnessmakers. J. C. JOHNSON
& CO., 120 First st. 1
JEWELERS. 328 Bush street, third floor,
room' 4.
BARBER shop for sale. ' 1192 Harrison st. "
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale, 50c up. 241 Third st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 562 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. ; SMITH CO., 128 Ellis st.
WANTED-^600 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
j army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue -mailed
free. S. F. Barber Sthool, 741A -Howard st.
WANTED— Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO.. SOO Post St. .
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and , Market, room 318.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.; near Mar-
ket— 700 room3, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
• 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.- :
A BRANCH office tor Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at 1096
Valencia st. . >
HORSES AND WAGONS.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
.40 -YOUNG horses and mares, broke, from 1100
to 1500 pounds; also 40 work mules for sale
this -week at the Canty Ranch, Grayson
Stanislaus County, Cal. ¦ ¦ .*.
FOR sale— 3 good work horses. 2 strong sand
wagons and harness; special bargain account
of owner's death. Call at 20 Lafayette st.
GOOD business horse and new buggy for sale-
horse a good traveler. . Napa Soda Office 147
New Montgomery st. *
S. F. VETERINARY- College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
- M.-L. Pancoast. Sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
SECOND-HAND rubber-tire phaeton side-bar
buggy and boulevard. O'BRIEN'S, 500 Golden
Gate ave. •
BAY horse. 15:3, gentle and good driver: weighs
over HOP lbs. Address 1715 Sacramento st.
FOR sale— 2 mares, 1 gelding, 5-year-olds, stan-
dard bred. - Monarch Stables, 332 Bush st.
. 40 HEAD, work and driving horses.3721 How-
ard st. . ¦ , ¦ ' * -'
FOR sale— Good delivery team; weigh 1130- 7
years old; price, $200. Kg 17th St.. Oakland.'
25 MILCH^ cows, part Holsteins • and Jerseys.
Address box 3121. Call office. > ,\
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts.' harness.
etc.; cheap. EGAN & SON; 2117. Mission I st !
AN A No. -1 express wagon, single. 'also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 632 Mission.
¦¦ <¦',: * . .' houses f to ...let.' "' ¦ '-. .«>;-?
A-PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
• cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
% \ A J£ >ER A_ :!1 , 5 -~ rine sunn V house. 9 rooms and
bath: with large ground, and barn; rent. $30
per month. Apply G. ¦ H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery, st. - ¦: " ¦ • ;
HOUSES TO LET---FtJRiifiSHED. ,
'¦ A SNAP— New furniture for sale; only i used* 3
months, of " 6-room' sunny cottage;" fine loca-
• 'tlon;. Baker -st;, ."near; California; ¦ house fur-
B nished complete. ready to step into; low rent;
easy terms if desired. C. D.' PARISH, 1033
i * Market st. ' ?.-; ¦;.-. -..'.' • . : ¦*¦¦•;
FURNISHED house. 6 rooms, bath; piano: hot
-air furnace; reasonable.- llir Shotwell st. '
EXPERT DENTAL OFFICE
JJ4J Polk Street, Corner Suttcr/
, San Francisco; May 23, 1901.
Business Manager S. : "F. Call.
Dear Sir: Please continue our ad. un-
der heading of Dentists until' further
notice. Your- paper certainly, has a large
circulation, judging from the .results
obtained from our ad. in it. s We have
gained many new patients from among i the
best families of San Francisco and^ vicin-
ity. Although we are'/graduates jT^rom; one
of the best dental colleges in the ; United
States, this would have -availed us little
had we riot been fortunate enough to think
cf placing an advertisement in your val-
uable paper. Respectfully yours,
(q^^x-^C"
i-OST A3TP FOCXP.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savin~ s
and Loan Society of San Francisco | n ,„,
name of ANNA BOULET. No. 248-oCD. Th*
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Round bottom rowboat. Saturday nigh£
May 18. Return Belvedere Boathouse, Tibu-
ron. \
LOST— Dog collar, with license tag, on Bryant.
- between Fifth and Slxtn; liberal reward, nj
Morris ave. .
LOST— Black cocker spaniel ¦ bitch, about u
months old; reward. • 1611 California st.
LOST— Corner of Van Ness ave. and Geary st
either in car or on street, lady's brown purse"
containing $13 gold. Finder will* receive re-
ward for return to cashier. Call office. Claus v
Spreckels building.
FOUND— St. Bernard dog. Apply Red Star sa-
loon. San Bruno ave. and Army st.
Wanted— Old RoWl for manufacturing. O. Ftolta.
jeweler. 243 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Ma 3 c.-^
JIISCELLAXEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Jic-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-191 Fremont n.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant ami pZ
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new an!
second-handj; we always have a large stock .if
saloon outfits on hand; 33 complete outfits an
one floor, ready made: we can ship every thin*
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1010. 1021, K3
Mission. St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ANOTHER burglar-proof safe for $300: I am
retiring from business. UNCLE HARRIS. 15
Grant ave. /
RETIRING from business— I am sacrificing t%
lot of grand old oil paintings. UNCLS
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
X BUYS sells i or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: call early for bargairs
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 129 Montgoir.y.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kind?
bought sold, rented and exchanged. H. 3.
WHITE, 516 Mission st. _^^^
500-EGG Incubator; 40O Incubator chicks 10o
each. Apply Potrero Poultry Yards, 404
Carolina st. .
A $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny «„, near Pino.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $3 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery it.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.;
will exchange for gaa engines. LIVINGSTON.
558 Mission st. t
NEARLY new Martin reseating rifle, $19;
owner died. W. BRIGGS. 835 Howard st.
THOROUGHBRED runts. Giant Pigeon Loft».
276 Ninth st., Oakland.
SIX 64-ln.xl6-ft. boiler shells, suitable for oil
tanks. JARDINE. 220 Fremont st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
3 H-P gasoline engine, nearly new; guaran-
teed; bargain. EPSTEIN. 538 Mission st.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
WE pay big prices for sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d hand moving plo-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK, 131 Post st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
SAFES — New and second-hand: all sizes. THIS
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market st. . San Fran.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In th»
United States or Canada one year for $1.
ailSCE-XAXEOTJS "WANTS.
EXCHANGE and sales office. 321 Phelan build-
ing. Market st- — Send particulars of anything
you have- for exchange or sale or want; regis-
tration free; Insurance and loans.
GOOD second-hand side saddle. Address C.
C, room 10. third floor. 135 Geary st.
TTLTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 Ninth; tel. Folsom 2522.
WANTED— 2d-hand upright piano or organ for
cash. H. L. WHITBHfTAP. 1706 Market »t.
MATRI-IOXIAL.
G^NT______^~wish"ing- to marry wealthy ladiea
send 10c for Hat. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
ALL contemplating matrimony send 10 cents
for "The Wedding Bell." 13 Mason st.
IUTTR^SE8 Aro^OTHOI^TKKjr.
MATTRESSES and pillows; tel. South 792; to
order or renovated, feather and hair cleaned;
' expert carpet cleaning; strictly reliable.
HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
MEDICAL. J
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire t»
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only,:
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior, to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obstlnata
casee are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won- 1
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, 'tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhea.
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and all
troubles of male and female sexual organs;
treat yourself; be your own doctor; 4 montht*
suppository treatment. $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market st. S. F., CaL
A TREATMENT that Is guaranteed to give ln-
stant relief v for all female complaints; th«
longest and most obstinate cases Immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped? no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hale'a.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 122S Market, ladies*
specialists; 32 years' practice: all cases treated}
¦ by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment, superior to any other; positive cur»
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN, 1035 Market, bet.
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
reliable ;25 yrs experience; treatment guarnt'd
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free;
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female,
complaints or money, returned; my regulator
never fails: the most obstinate- cases relieved
¦without pain; best care; fee low; consult free.
MRS. PR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 28 yrs.*
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. POPPER, family specialist: no pills or
medicine used. 1514 Devlsadero st.. nr. Geary.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
lft rorw. In wranner. for mnlllnr. H per year.
*» MOSEY TO LOAN.
A — MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos. - etc. ; do
I not borrow of your friends or you will lose,
their friendship;, do business with strangers,
and you will be better satisfied : no delay ; no '
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market st. -—^
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
• and you need more money, see H. MX'RPHY.
630 .Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided interests In estates, second mort-
gages. etc. t______________
ANY proposition, any amount; s per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
• In estates legacies; corporation loans, chattel -
mortgages and securities. Room 16, 1st floor.
\ Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d. and 3d mort-
gages undivided Interest real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought ; no de-
,lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 21 Montgomery, r. 2. •
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st. ; tel. Main 1644. Branch - 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. ty private J
party* no removal: no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
duick" lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 6S.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W.. J.'HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver. - diamonds.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL. r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 Calif nia.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
- plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Bldg.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate: strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no removal;
_no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy sf.
ON salaries or wages: no Indorser required. 3
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building. "
$100,000 TO loan on real estate, or for bulldln?;
low rate. 2*2 Sansome st., room 2. .
THE Tousley Company: loans and discounts
321 Parrott building. ,
CASH loaned, to salaried peoole on note without
lndoraer. MORRELU 609 Examiner building.
MONEY AV ANTED.- .
! MONEY wanted— $10,000 wanted at 6~per~eentT >
on ample security : 6 to - 12 .< months. WEST
1 COAST INVESTMENT CO., Phelan bl_«.RAILROAD WINS
THE RATE CASE
•¦ -.\ - . .* . .,.,•¦¦¦;.
Commissioners Declared
Not to Have Juiv
isdiction. '¦_
Supreme Court Decision Is
, Against the Citizens
of Fresno.
. — ? — | —
The people of Fresno lost their rate case
yesterday in the Supreme Court,. a deci
sion being handed dawn in favor of the
defendant, the Southern Pacific Company.
The- decision . handed down says .that
Judge Bahrserred in granting the prayer,
of the Fresno people, which was that the
Southern Pacific Company, had • no right
to change the price of passenger transpor
tation ; between here and Fresno without
the consent of the Railroad Commlssion
i et3 -' '¦-- ' •'--.'¦;' ¦¦ ¦ -
The. cause of the present suit arose In.
May, 1900. The Santa Fe Railway the mo
ment that it began operating between
here and Fresno cut the fare between
these two points to |3 75. The Southern
Pacific Company, which - had previously
charged $5 SO, met the cut and made the
same low: rate; Soon afterward a com
promise Was made between the two roads
and the Southern Pacific Company re
sumed its old rate. This raised a great
deal of discontent among the residents of
Fresno and they appealed to the Railroad
Commissioners. That body took the mat
ter in hand and decided that the Southern
Pacific Company had no right to raise the
price of transportation in this State with
out first consulting it. The railroad com
pany replied that the special rate of ?3 73
was an "excursion rate" and that it was
not raising the price of transportation.
The case was taken to the Superior
Court by the Railroad Commissioners and
was entitled "E. B: Edson, the Railroad
Commissioners vs. The Southern Pacific
Company." Judge Bahrs rendered a deci
sion i;i favor of the Railroal Commis
sioners and the case was then taken to
the Supreme Court. - . - ¦ ¦
In its decision the Supreme" Court says:
¦ It is a matter of hlstcry that section 20 was
adopted by the convention before It was agreed
to create the commission, subsequently estab
lished by section 22--a fact strongly emphasized
by the. language of the latter part of section
20, Tviiere, instead of naming the Railroad Com
mission, resort Is . had to the awkward phara
phrase above quoted, '-the governmental au
thority In which shall be vested the power to
regulate freights and fares." . ¦ ... -.
'When the section was adopted it was .'under
stood that the power to regulate freights and
fares might be, left, along with the -mass of
legislative powers, to trie Senate and Assembly
and, of course, It was not then supposed that
any infraction of it3 provisions would be real
ized otherwise than through the medium of
appropriate proceedings In the courts. The
subsequent adoption of section 22 required no
change in this respect, and none seems to have
been Intended. r .' -
The Superior Court therefore erred In treating
the findings and order of - the Railroad Com
mission as final and conclusive adjudication
against the defendant, and In basing its de
crees upon the pleadings alone without proof
of the facts alleged In the first count of the
complaint. ' .
As this error of the Superior Court necessl- '
tates a reversal of the judgment, it is unneces
sary, and, as we think, undesirable, that we I
should at this .time undertake to decide the
constitutional questions which lhave been so
elaborately . argued in the briefs. , i
.The opinion is written by Beatty and
concurred in by Henshaw; McFarland,
Temple, Van Dyke and Garoutte.
The ' case now reverts • back to the Su
perior Court, and what line of attack the
Railroad Commissioners will take, has
not yet been decided upon by Ihem. *
'¦ ' ¦ '* TrT^^^^r—— r— — :. - -
"Water Fron£ Notes.
The revenue cutter McCulloch is on the
drydock for an overhauling. : She Will get
off to-day and shortly will sail for Bering j
Sea." -*--•".. .¦_¦_¦¦, j
:.The Otto Glldermeister is to be remasted j
and refitted and will then be renamed the
Golden Gate. She will make her first voy
age from this port to. Australia. .-.. :
•- The transport Sheridan comes off the
Hunters Point drydock to-day and will
sail for Manila June 1. . The Lawton will
finish coaling zo-day and will sail for 'the
Philippines via Honolulu and ... Guam • to
morrow. She will probably remain in the
Philippines for the. next year. I •'• •
The new Vallejo steamer -General Fria
ble will go into commission next Wednes-i
day.: She will make the Monticello's trip
on that date and will bring the Mare Isl
and people down for Decoration day.
| LATE SHIPPED INTELLIGEITCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday. May 23.*
j. Stmr South Coast, Ol sen, 50 hours from Ven
! tura. -
! Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 48 hours from
[ San Pedro. "¦• -« .- . .-•'.' - ¦'.¦'-
NEW MERCHANTS'
EXCHANGE BORN
Directors Are Selected
to Erect Immense
Buildino-
... / - • ¦¦'¦'¦ ' - ? — :
Institution Incorporated to
Aid Commercial Co-* /"^
operation.
- The new Merchants' Exchange of San
Francisco; came into existence yesterday
by the election of .the first board: of ; di
rectors and " the approval i of articles^ of
incorporation! One of the first results" of
the new organization will be the erection
of , a splendid structure eight to ten sto
ries high on the site of the present build
ing of the oldf Merchants' Exchange on
California street, for the purpose of hous
ing all the commercial . organizations of
the city that desire to avail "themselves
of the opportunity held out to them.
The directors selected represent all the
leading commercial and financial Inter
ests of the city, being as follows: - .
Henry F. Allen, merchants; "William Babcock.
shipping; Thomas Brown, banks; Andrew Car
rigan, hardware and metals; B. Faymonville,
insurance; E. W. Hopkins, capitalist; L. Kauff
man, grain; George ¦ AV. ¦ McNear, grain; Leon
Sloss, transportation; Claus Spreckels, capital
ists; H. C. Somers, hay;'R. P. Schwerln, trans
portation; F. W. Van Sicklen, groceries and
provisions; William H. Talbot. lumber; F. W.
Zelle, banking.
The General Plan..
The work of getting general consent to
the establishment of the ; new exchange
has been progressing for some "time .and
, has been principajly . conducted by Secre
tary T. Cary Friedlander, of the San
Francisco Produce Exchange, which or
ganization owns a- majority of the fetock
controlling the California street property.
For a time success was doubtful. Now
the San Francisco Produce Exchange
and also the old Merchants' Exchange
Association will be sold out and will dis
appear. In their' places will be the new
organization. The articles of . incorpora
tion make the duration of the association
fifty years and set forth the purposes to
be the establishment and maintenance of
a commercial exchange in San Francisco;
to acquire property .and to erect a suit
able building for the purposes of the ex
change; to establish and maintain uni
formity in commercial usages; to acquire!
preserve and disseminate valuable busi
ness information, and to adjust ' contro
versies' and misunderstandings between
the members; also to secure to members
the benefits of co-operation In the fur
therance of .their legitimate" pursuits.--^
• The corporation- has no capital stock or
shares. : The holding of property is limit
ed to enough for the purposes of incor
poration. The officers provided for. are a
president, vice president, treasurer and
secretary. The control of the property is
vested in a board of ' fifteen directors.
The president and vice president will be
elected by i the board of directors. The
directors will have power to levy assess
ments upon the members and will have
charge and control of the property of
the exchange. '
, ToCentsr Business. .
In a general way the purposes of the
exchange mav be defined to embrace the
enrollment- of merchants, > of tho3e en
gaged ¦ in the city - in ' shipping, in the
handling of grain, hay and produce, in
the coal "and lumber trades ; also banks,
insurance companies, real estate agencies,
and the financial institutions of the city.
There are institutions In the East upon
which the Merchants' Exchange of San
Francisco is modeled.
The Chamber . of : Commerce, the San
Francisco Board of Trade, the Merchants'
Association, the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association : and various ex
changes that are now scattered through
out ¦ the business section of the ' city, .may
be centralized in the new building when
it is constructed. -There will be assembly
halls and the exchanges and . associations
will also have their separate quarters 'for
the transaction .of their business. No
plans have been made for the new build
ing. It Will be modern in every way.
As soon as possible the old building,
which. has so. long been a landmark on
California ; street, will be demolished to
give way to something equal to. all de
mands that may be made for many years.
RUSH OE GOLD HUNTERS.
Five Steamers Ready to Sail for Caps
Npme and Qolofnin. Bay.
There will be an exodus of gold hunters
for Nome to-morrow and Sunday. The
Conemaugh will get away at 10 a. m. from
Howard-street wharf. She will carry
freight and livestock only. Stalls have
been built on deck and she will carry over
100 head of beef cattle and horses. The
Valencia will sail from the Arctic Oil
Works and the Portland from Fremont
street -wharf at J 2 p. m. t while the Ruth
will leave the seawall at 5 p. m. On Sun
day morning the City of Puebla will leave
Broadway wharf. Her passengers 'for
Nome will ' be transferred to the Senator
at Seattle. All the vessels sailing to-mor
row will call at Puget- Sound ports on the
way north, as a number of passengers
and considerable freight have been booked
from Seattle, Tacoma and Port, Town
send. : ' • ¦: ¦ • ¦ •'¦- "-¦";'¦!?
¦- — — » ¦» « J ' . r , „;
Pan-American Exposition Party. I
Special -train, select party to the Pan-
American Exposition, visiting en route
the Grand Canyon, Kansas City, Chicago,
Pittaburg, Washington, Philadelphia, New
York, Niagara .Falls, Colorado Springs,
Pikes Peak, Denver: and Salt Lake, with
one full , week at the Buffalo Exposi
tion. Swell dinner while you travel,
best hotels when: you stop. . Train, Full
man's latest. Starts June 3. Full particu
lars at Santa Fe Office, 641 Market st. ?
¦ ¦'— ¦ »v — i ' -;¦ - ;
Barbara Hernster, Returns. I
The ; gasoline schooner Barbara Hern
ster, which sailed for Nome last "Wednes
day, had -to put back to "port yesterday!
When ten miles northwest of the light-'
ship a small casting In the machinery
broke and the engine could -not be used
in consequence; The Hernster was taking
supplies and passenger-s . north for the
Wild Goose Mining and Trading Company.
. ;¦;. ¦{*.. ._¦-"•—. — ¦ • ? » — — — , ¦' '. ; ..
THE BANQUET TO THE POSTMAS
TER GENERAL. Among the sixty pages
of pictures In the Wasp's Presidential
souvenir, number. '25 cents." / ;' .• .,
¦¦ , > — ,.' ¦ ? . . — —¦- >.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE ¦ HOTEL.
F D Cobb, Stockton
it) Heldleberger, N Y
C -A Moore, w. & son,
* Brooklyn, N - Y :
WF Mannlx, DC -
HE, Van Dunyno NT
J-R Hayes. r San Jose
C Rogers, Yokohama '
F Burger, NY
E J Everart & w Or
.TE' Johnson, N;.Y
C L Thompson Engr
T G • Marcus," Stanfrd
AW Procter, ¦ Mass
Maud E Bell,- LA
O . T ' Jonassohn, NY
8 W Pickering, ' N Y
W' E ' Coffin, Clevelnd
N Chase, N Y •. - -
w-H-.Muldoon, N Y
W Beard, Wash DC
'P ; Evans. Wash DC
Mrs C: F Fairbanks,
Boston, Mass. ¦
Miss Redlnston Mass
Eber Smith & ; wf Col
Miss L -¦ Wilson,. Denv
Miss .V -Wilson, • Den
L' M George, Denver j
Mrs. ; L ' : A -. Burns Mas
GRAND HOTEL..
J. VPearsall &.wf N*Y
W. 8 Porter. , Oakland
J ' G Dougherty &w Cal
H L Miller & wf ; Mo
C ' B : Jlllson, ¦; Hornbrk
Mme Gorman, -¦ Los An ,
F Harkness, Los Ang
E C Reavy, Tacoma'
"W W Brownell " & w
' Colorado . Springs. ' •
Mrs H C Brown San J
Mrs.'G L"Erln& son
- Muskegon; ; Mich. ; ' ~
A"A Honey. .Tacoma ;.
D W Pierce,' Los An;
Amy; S -Dunn.* Stanford
Miss Dunn,- Stanford -
Mrs.- F B Dunn | Stanf d
G Bameberg," Stanford
L - Hull,'- Stanford? Unl
Mrs."* N ; Hartnell, : Cal >
Ella R'Hartnell,- Cal;
O .V Reed, , Viaa.Ha
Mrs I T Clack; . Placervl
C 8 Morse &.wf.:Sao •
Mrs - S Page,' Los • Any
J Dennis, Sutter Creek
G ; H Foster & w Cal
F C Stella, Dayton, O '
Mrs. F G Mowadran'"
Boston ¦¦ •" ¦" - ¦ •• :¦¦.¦¦: '
O ,W Crystal, . Plajeervl
N A Manning, . Stanfrd
U,D Spencer, Stanford
J ' H , Roth, ¦ Peorla, 111
W ¦ J : McDonald. : Boca .
D . J • Kendall, - Auburn •
W' Q ¦ Madison, , Spokne
C M Stiles. Ore. ;
J J Kerrldge, Sonoma :
H S -Smith, -Cal. v ,
F-\A In«ersoll;i Cal. ,
J ¦ G , Scarborough, s L A
C ' P; Emell, ' Los Angel ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAT 24, 1901.
13
W W Flint S Bartar
J D Carr, Salinas
J W Argenon. NY.
E A Whltehead, Can
A W Hooper/. . Boston
H Meyer, .Omaha -
R<W. Adams ¦ Cal .
W- S. Richards & wf,
' San Jose ' ¦
J H Woods," .San Jose
H a Steveson. . Cal ,
Mrs. JS Chllds, Cal
PC Cross, Stanford B
J Hatch, 'San -Jose .'
H " T ; Anderson.* Ore -
B Welton, Chicago ¦
F. S Macmlllan Cal
C - Culzberger - & wf, '
New York.
C B Kaufman. ¦' Cal
F G ? Drum, ../Cal
W H :: SeamanB, i Cal
F'M Tod & wf. N T
Mrs. J'.Crowell. NT
P M Towl, NT- .
Z ( E Foster • & w ¦ Ariz
F O Fredemeyer, . Chi
H l Soper,; London ¦¦¦¦.]
J,. Friedlander, Minn ;
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AGENTS wanted— We want some rood live
-piano rustlers" both here In San Francisco
and all over California. Nevada and Arizona.
We do chiefly a "wholesale piano business "
but any retail buyer who will call at our
warerooms. 933 Market Et.. at once or write
to us wjl! secure the lowest quotations
W* handle the Stock, Everett. Packard,
Hardman, Conover. Ludwlg. Harrington
Cable. Jewett, KingEbury and others; also
rhiraEo Cottage and Packard organs We
have recently taken In a number of second -
hand pianos In part payment for new ones,
which we will sell for about one-half their
reel value. We have, also, two or three
?" almost new and which we will sell for
nali price.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO
_, . „ 93* Market £t., San Francisco.
Branch.-'Si.l Broadway. Oakland.
* Lr VJ! l * no " Purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
\°- ™ay be exchanged for a new Rtelnway
uprisrht or baby grand piano any time within
5 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, J« per
rnontn: seme eood pianos sold for *3, *4 and
$a per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Ftcinway doaler*. corner Kearny and Sutter
rts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth ct.. Oakland.
AT.L uprights lowest prices and easiest terms.
I ~°Y Vi-' * 65 2 Cn'ckerlnss Olke
1 HPlne baby grand new) «00
Hike n€w) $s»3 i Hallet-Davls....$465
1 Steinway flS&'. 2 Heines $315 up
And fifty others: rents $2 up allowed on pur-
chase. We handle all makes. Atrents for fa-
mous Hallet-DavlF-Heine etc.: agents want-
ed. HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
AnOlT the b«t bargain we offer to-day is a
tror.d toned Instrument for $50: a better one
for $!C0 and lots or others at almost your own
j:riee; our prent cash sale is still en and you
have until June 1 to take advantage of it; we
nre offering euch very (jreat Inducements that
v.r> on? can afford to let the opportunity pass.
TIIE ZENO MAUVAIS. 769 Market st.
REMOVAL of KEEFFE'S piano store from
Market et. to our large and elepant quarters.
"14 Post St., opposite Union square. Are now
j>rer>ared to offer several new makes and all
of our old stock at greatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. S14 Post St.. between Stock-
ton and Pcwell. .
AT BYRON MAUZY'S, SOS POST ET. •
Tou are invited to call and hear the Peer-
l«t« electric Belf-playinr piano attachment;
can be put In any piano; also to inspect our
piano factory and see how a ptar.o Is made.
Acpnt finhmer. Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Ham-
Splelmann pianos.
AR-OU;TKLT the oldest and largest house
west of Ohicasro is KOHLER & CHASE'S. !«.
2S ar,d 3<i O'Farrcll ft.: p'anos. orjrans and
ell other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy: prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satierv the
customer.
A MST «f fine second-hsna bargains— 1 Emer-
son. 1 HaMet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz. 1
Ft«Tifng. S7:.. $12.". $143. etc. ; easy payments.
nnxj (THTAZ & SON'. 16 O'Farrell st.
OhioVcrinsr. Vcse. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, kins of self-players.
BARGAINS— Clearance sale bargains; unrisht
niaiios. $73 and upward; Stein way. Knabe.
Emerson Hartman nnd others; squares $10 I
up. BPXEXN. ?CS Post et.
FOK BAUS>-A fir.e Bradbury piano. 341 Eddy,
earner Uea«*nworU» s»t.; grocery.
HAVE sold ; nianos: have another^ excellent up-
risht fit bip bargain. T. H. Kilgo. 646 Mission.
AttfOtJCTB sacrifice — Large cabinet grand up-
rleht piano; leaving city. 219 Leavenworth.
AN uprieht rlano: must bs sold; owner leav-
irg. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister st
CLOSING out stock of nianos; prices reduced
one-half. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
L/rmviG p'anos the most popular. WILEY B.
ALLEN* CO.. general agents. 933 Market s=t
}3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 56» Hayes St. .
J117-MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
Geary et.. room 2S.
A SMALL Chickeringr upright. S123; « uprights.
c»?cnd-handed, your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 1706 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song.
EAROAIN — Must be sold; nice unright r.Iano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernia Bank.
ST'PEPIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MfLLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STOKES TO LET.
FOR rent— A loft for light manufacturing; 44x
137 feet: use of freight and passenger ele-
vators Included: $75 month; light, new, fire- J
proof. At S7 Market Et. j
ELEGANT, light sunny offices, partly fur-
nished; fine location. 143 Powell 6t
LIGHT, sunny offlce J15 to 120. Emma Spreck-
*}* Tm«Wng. P77 MarWt Ft.
CALISTOGA Oil and De\-elopment~ Company:
r operating on 2120 acres of oil land. In nine
Clstricts. Office. 23 nnd 24 Merchants' Ex. ¦
COSTA RICA— Last chance at 10c: big advance
In a few dayE. Pacific States Mining and In-
vestment Co.. 226 Post Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
sites; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 616 Mission st
1. OIL. LAXDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease In all parts of the
SUte. We' can furnish you with lands in the
best localities. If you are looking for lands
or wish to Invest In stocks of the leading oil
companies call on us before going elsewhere.
EHEA & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
PAlXTEItS AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms paDered,
t8 up. Jenten & Bath. 808 Sixth; open even.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLL scientific palmist BIS
Taylor et., bet. Geary and Pott; teL Black E61.
MRS. WM. McMANUS. scientific palmist, 1140
Market. 10 to 5; residence 731 Guerrero st.
Mrs. Lamb, fcientlflc palmist and character
reading ; lessons in class; private. 617 Jones.
MME. PALMER, palmist, card reader, beauty
doctress. C24 Kearny et., 1 to S p. m.; %l.
MME. GERMAINE, the business palmiEt of'the
Pacific Coast. 906 Market Et
PERSONALS.
BEST on earth— Blo«d nelson, itching, skin
diseases, rheumatism, piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease that doctors and old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full Information to the old reliable
King Liniment Medicine Co.. permanently
located €28 Montgomery st., room 22. third
floor. DRS. KING and JONES.
A— IF your hair Is f»Uing or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4S8 Geary st. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation Bent to all
parts of the world; call or Bend for circular.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $5: valuable information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
' WILLIAMS. 183? Pollc ft, Ean Francisco.
IF you want a safe 10 per cent investment buy
chares In SMITH'S CASH STORE. Incor-
porated; few hundred on sale; write or call
for figures.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
one side of face, the other made smooth and
youthful; hundreds are astonished. New York
Institute Dermatology. 105 Ellis st. San Fran.
ALL persons having pledges with UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.. are hereby notlOed
to redeem them, as he retires from business
on the 1st of June next. -
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, tt 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st. near Broadway.
SCHOOL to learn hatrdresslng, hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1704 Market bet. Polk and Van Ness.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et-. near Market: 700 .rooms;
25c to $160 per night; J1E0 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SI WEEKLY— Suits to order, from genuine
(Scotch. $15 up: fine dress suits. J20 up; ele-
gant overcoats, tlS up. LEON LEMOS, 1117
Market st., between Seventh and Eighth.
LADIES' tailor wilts made to order: reasonable.
B. KRAMER. Ladles' Tailor. 220 Powell st
EPANIRH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher. «il3 McAllister 6t- _f_
TAILOR made suits. $7 SO: dress pants, $2 60.
MlKfit Clothing Parlor, cor.- Bush and Dupont.
Dr. Dunton; diseases of men only; sanitarium
659 Clay st, cor. Kearny: consultation free.
EPRIXG Etvlea Standard patterns now ready.
"Oomesttc" offlce. 1021 Market et.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch, 2115 Bush: hours 2 to 2. ex-
cept Th. and Sat; electrolysis; 17 years' esper.
OLD cold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEXKEL. 817 Market St. '
Ladles' and gents' cast-oft clothing bought and
cold. J. Ellverman. 8S4 Folsom; teLFoleom 1191.
ALFREDTJMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray .
hair to its natural color; II; at all druggists.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 738 Mkt. .
SUPERFLUOUS hair and molee destroyed with
electric needle. MISB EATON. 111» Sutter «t. ¦
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the" best .
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
PICMC SUPPLIES •
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
6 MOHNS. 2> Marker St.. for finest wines and .
liquors; biggest house; open Sundays.
/BA3XWAY TBAVEL. :
Santa Fe
Trains--paiiyr
•"Leave Market-Street' Ferry Depot.'
it Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Dally. Daily. Daily.
¦ Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
- " Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p l:15-a .......
"Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
"Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:04 a '
" Visalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a ..".....
. " Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a :....;.
" Kan City. ........ 2:41a 7:30a
"Chicago ......... 2:15p 9:00 p
• a for morning, p for " afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
! Carrying . Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
'. Cars through < to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfieid ( for accommodation of local .
first-class passengers. No second-class
¦tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. mv daily.
4:20. p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, . with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
¦ free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
• Sleeper, .which cuts out at Fresno.' Corre-
sponding, train arrives at 3:55 p. m. daily.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfieid Local, stopping
at all points In San -Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding 'train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and In Ferry
Depot,, San Francisco; - 1118 Broadway,/
Oakland. ' •' - ¦¦¦
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
, Via Sausalito Ferry. "'-
• •' - Commencing April 28. * 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL, VALLEY
, AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:65, 3:30, *9:30. 11:00 a." m.,
12:45, -1:45. 3:15, 4:15. B:15.*6:15, 8:45 p. m. 'l.-
- EXTRA TRIPS— For >¦ Mill Valley and 8an
Rafael on-. Mondays. Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p.m. »¦•.— ,-¦¦> *¦
V SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, »9:00, *10:C0, 11:00, 11:30
a. m.. -12:45. •l:30,*:30,*3:45., 5:00, 6:00. 7:30
p. m. -11:00 a. m. ddes not. run to San Rafael
Sundays. , . - :¦•¦.-
= Trains* marked (•). run to San Quentin." — •
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *S:1&, 6:27, 7:47, 8:35, 10:15
a. m., *12:25. 1:15. 2:20. "3 :35,' 4:40. 5:30 p.m. ;
EXTRA TRIPS on- Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. -
: SUNDAYS— 6:15, *8:00. 9:45. "11:00 a. m., «12
in.; -.1:00,; 2:15. ;*3:30,; 4:30, ;»5:45, 6:45, 7:30. 10:10
p.' m.' ¦¦'.-' ".'',; - '' .. ' . - - • •
•- Trains ¦ marked •(•) start from 'San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK yDAYS— 5:45, 6:45.- 7:55. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:3\vl:45. t:45,L3:B0, 5:10. 5:20 p. m. ; .
EXTRA . TRIPS on Mondays, . Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p.' m.
SUNDAYS— «:85. 8:00, < 10:05, 11:10 a. to.. 12:15,
1-20. 2:30, • 3:45. 6:00, 6:15, 7:15. < 10:30 p. m. :
. •- THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .. " , - . .-. - ' - ....
¦. 3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. - .-¦;¦*• ,•¦' ,¦'¦'¦ -x ¦-¦¦•¦ . .... /'•-.-.
6:15 • p. m. week days . (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomalea ¦ and way stations. '
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadaro and way stations.
•' 10:00 . a_ m. Sundays — Point Reyes v and : way
stations.' .'-•¦¦ ' .¦' y - '. -.-.- '...*•
y^V Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
AnTMJg 629 KEABXT ST. Established
flffif "gjaln 1S34 for the treatment of Private
IHi5|w.^W Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
HnK&tfHLdispas? wearlngon bodyand mind and
Diseases. The Doctor cures when
fall. Try him. Charges low.
7^vHBSaUaaH<'i>re» Kaarnnlnd. Call or write.
Dr. J. F. (jilBBOX, Sau Francisco. CaL -c -
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPIXG— Con.
LANGTON. 25GVS— 3 eunny, nicely - furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
LARKIN, 804—2 sunny housekeeping rooms, $10;
large sunny front and back rooms, $8 and $10.
NOE, £30, hear Hill— 4 rooms and bath; ele-
eantly furnished for housekeeping. •
OAK, 119— Large sunny front room; stove;
closet; clean, furnished for housekeeping; $9.-
STOCKTON, 603— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
also housekeeping rooms. ' ' '
VALENCIA, 1232—2 furnished rooms; house-
keeping; near depot; gas stove, bath; sunny.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. andUntnrn.
AliL^C^wTlIO^ETirizrGrant ~"avV.- 5esT7i~a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
1 large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 14S Sixth— Rooms,
25c to fl per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
lfght housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1 1364)— Fur-
nished r:ns.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 ' Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau, 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2384; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FELL, 112—2 pleasant connecting rooms, fur-
nished; private family. * •
GALT House, 12C6 Market— Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
GEARY, 384 — 2 sunny front rooms; separate if
desired; suitable for 2 young men.
GOLDEN GATE, SVL— Sunny front suite; suit-
able for offices or living rooms; also single.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL ST. DENIS, 24 Turk, near Market—
Steam heated, fireproof, new building; new
and elegant furniture; single rooms and
suites with or without private bath; hot and
- cold water, electric light and return call-
" bell in every room; elevator and full hotel
service; rates 75c per day and upward: ref.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk and Taylor.
JESSIE, SOI— Elegant and newly furnished suite
of rooms for housekeeping, $15; large front'
room for office, J15 per month.
MARKET. 1013 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rocms J2 a week up; 33c a day up.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
METROPOLE, 6 Turk. cor. Market— Newly fur-
nlshed rooms from 50c to «2 per day.'
MINNA. 262. near 4th — Furnished front parlor,
suitable for 2 gentlemen. In private family.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. Hshts; day, week. mo.
ROSEDALE House. 819-321 Ellis St.— Rooms,
night. 25c to $1; week. $1 25 to $4: open night.'
ROYAL House. 12G Ellis-Incandescent llghl;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$S; month. ?3 to $30; "elevator on Kround floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. . »
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth st.,
. near Market— Furnished cr unfurnished.
STOCKTON. 41—2 large sunny suites suitable
for oftices; other rooms; transient.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fihe sunn*
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
TURK. :6S (The Lake) — New house; newly fur-
nished: board optional. Phone South 422. *
ROO3IS AXD DQARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. S07 California st.
ALMORA Hotel, Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.-
PINE and Mason-(Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sunny
suites cr single rooms; private baths; excel-
lent table and service.
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel. 718 Valencia St., Mission
warm belt — Good board: fine rooms; reason-
able rates; cars pass the door. ' ,
A FAMILY hotel. Wilmott, 728 Sutter— Sunny
rooms, excellent table and service.
HOTEL Repelier, 781 Sutter— Newly furn.;
excellent table;. special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 : Tarltet— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting: board optional.
THE GAGE, 428 Geary— Nicely furnished rooms;
excellent service; board optional;, references.
ROOMS AXI> DOARD M'ASTED.
BY young man Jn private family; German pre-
ferred; central location. Box 4174, Call offlce.
LADY and child wish room and board near Ean
Rafaet. Box 3178 Call offlce. ¦ . '
ROOMS WANTED.'
WANTED — A sunny good sized unfurnished
room; prompt pay. Address box 46. Call.
SEWIXG MACHINES' AND SUPPLIES.
SECOND-HAND machines, all makes at al-
most anyjirice you want to pay; all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth St.; phone Mint 16.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. lStb. ;
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re- I
paired; open even. ; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
; TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California: telephone Main 266.
*" ~"** ""* m^~ " ——»——«——— i— .
1 ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
Location of principal place of business,
San Francisco, California.
Notice Is hereby given that at a regular
. meeting of the directors held on the 2nd day
of May, 1901, a call or an assessment of One
Hundred Dollars ($100 00) per share was
levied upon the capital stock of the corpora-
' tion, payable Immediately to the secretary,
I. ¦ W. Hellmann Jr., at the offlce of the cor-
poration, No. 2 Montgomery street, in the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California. ,,
"Any stock upon which this call or assess-
ment shall remain unpaid on' the 10th day of
June, 1901, -will be delinquent and advertised
for sale at public auction, and unless pay-
ment Is made before, will be sold on the 26th
day of June, 1S01, at 3 o'clock p. m., at the
office of the secretary of said corporation.
No. 2 Montgomery street, in the. city and
county of San Francisco, State of California,
to pay the delinquent call or assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses
of sale. May "2nd. 1901.
I. W. HELLMAN JR.,
Secretary of Union .Trust Company of San
Francisco.
No.. 2 Montgomery Street, San Francisco,
California.
May 2nd, 1901.
To the Stockholders of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco: Referring to the
above notice, we desire to inform you that
the business of thla company has grown so
large that we deem It expedient to have a
paid up capital stock of One Million Dollars
($1,000,000). At the present time the paid up
capital stock- Is Seven Hundred and Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($750,000 00). The board of
directors, at a meeting held May 2nd, 1901, by
a unanimous vote resolved to. transfer One
Hundred and Twenty-five Thousand Dollars
($125,000 CO) out of the surplus fund to capital
/ stock. The call, of which the above is a
notice, will also credit capital stock with an
additional One Hundred and Twenty-flve
Thousand Dollars ($123,000 CO), thus giving
the comnany One Million Dollars ($1,000,-
000 00) paid up capital. By order, of the board
of directors. . •
' I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
PROPOSALS. .
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of the Chief En-
glneer. Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., will
b© received at this offlce until 11 o'clock a.
. m., August 1. 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic- yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 6,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging in mud, sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material to be . used for . reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars' ($100,000) In - gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
- of the amount bid. The right is reserved to
reject sny or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms apply to this office, Bureau of
Insular Affairs, .Washington. D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York, Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLH.
¦ Captain, Engineers.'
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 21. 1901.— Sealed
.proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until 11 o'clock a. m., Monday, June 10, 1901,
and then opened, for construction of Water
and Sewer System at Fart Baker, Cal. Gov-
ernment reserves riglit to reject or accept any
or all bids in whole or In part. Preference
given to articles of domestic production/con-
ditions of price and quality (including in th«
price of foreign productions the duty thereon),
being equal, and such preference given to ar-
ticles of American production produced on the
Pacific Coast, to extent of consumption re-
quired by the public service there. Informa-
; tion furnished on application to J.M. MAR-
i SHALL, Assistant Quartermaster ¦ General
Chief Q. M. . . . '.'
.TREASURY Department, offlce of the Super-
" vising Architect, ' Washington, D. C, April
22, 1901.— Sealed proposals will be received at
this office until - 2 . o'clock p. m. on the 4th
. day of June, 1801, and then opened, .for 'the
surgeon's residences at the United States Ma-
rine Hospital, San. Francisco; Cal., in ac-
, cordance .with . . drawing and .. specification,
copies of which may be had at the discretion
. 'of the Supervising. Architect by applying to
,\ this offlce or to the Custodian, of .the Station
': at San Francisco. Cal. JAMES KNOX TAY-
LOR,. Supervising Architect.".' "''¦ . ,'•
/, SPBCIAIj NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for ?4: collections made;
% city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.'.-rooma 9-13; tel. 5580. '
AVE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up'; paint-
done. 319 Third St., Hartman Paint Co.
- STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-nODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
offlce Pest and Powelhstg.; tel. Main 5713..^
BEKlNSVan ind Storage Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut. rates. ¦
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-,
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN. WEST Storage Warehouse." S40 Mls-
slon St.: tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUS&
MABRIAGE LICENSES.
Tha. following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:-
Robert L. Lewis, 27, .156 Third street, and
Delia H. Wermer, 23, Oakland. ;
Joseph Mercure, 29, 816 Jackson street, and
Emily Poncet, 19, 816 Jackson • street. *
Charles E. Martyn, 38. Stockton, and Har-
riet Millner, 30, Stockton. - ¦ • ¦- .
Frederick M. Bevis, 25, 1207 Mission" street,
and.Murtle R. Nielsen, 22, 2224 Mission street.
John B. Shanle f>, "31,-810 Mission street, and
Loreta M. Haskin. 24, 719% Bush street. -
John W. Bigelow, 29, 830 Market street, and
Annie P. Eldrachsr. 24,. 410B Bryant street.
George T. Clancey, 26, 2243 Folsom street,
and Eva Smith, 23, 614 Lombard street. ; —
John Radonich, 33, 811 Pacific street, and
Jennie Zambelich, 23, 811 Pacific street. 1 .-
BIRTHS-^-lllABRIABES-DEATaS. '.'
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. :
BOBU". . ?
ADAMS— At the Adams place, Oakland, May
23, isoi. to the wife of John Charles Adams
(formerly Ernestine Shannon * Haskell), ;a
dauchter. V - ...
HARRIS— In this city, May 21, 1901, to the
wife of II. Harris, a son.. , v
LACOSTE — In Oakland, to the wife., of John
Lacoste, a daughter. •
MARRIED.
BEVIS— NIELSEN— In this city, May 23. 1901,
by Rev. Frank ' S. Ford, Frederick Martin
Bevis and Murtle Roszetta Nielsen, both of
San Francisco.
DIED.
Anderson, Anton Hawes, Elizabeth
Anderson, Walter Harrington, Nellie A.
1 Callahan, Catherine Hickey, John J. , .
Conley, ¦ Katie A. Jaudin, Mary E. '
Crean. Catherine Lyons, Thomas '
Cunnff, Mra. Rose Melliss, Frances P.
Cunningham, John Perazsi, Edna '
Dervin, Thoma^ J. Williams, Rev. Mosei
Derome, Mrs. C. Woodward, Isadora B
Ditert. Gustave
ANDERSON— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, May 23, 1901, Anton Anderson, a native
of Russia, aged 71 years. ¦ ' . .
ANDERSON— In this city. May S3, 1901; Wal-
ter Anderson, dearly beloved son of Charles
A. and Sadie Anderson, and beloved brother
cf Mary, Elizabeth and Charles L. Ander-
j son, a native of Ean Francisco, aged 2 years
4 months and 23 days. ¦ . :
CALLAHAN— In New York City, suddenly,
' May 16, 1901, Catherine T. Callahan, widow
of the late M. B. Callahan, and mother of
Henry C, Charles W.. Mary E., Katherine,
Caroline and Lily Callahan and Mrs. S. V.
Pettigrew and Mrs. William W. Deamer, a
native of Mobile, Ala., aged 71 years. JO \.
O" Friends are invited to attend a solemn
requiem mass for the repose of her soul, to
. be celebrated to-morrow (Saturday), at 10:30
o'clock, at St. Mary's Cathedral. Van Ness
avenue. Interment private. Please omit
• flowers. v{ ~' .
CONLEY— In Oakland, at E60 East Sixteenth
street. May 23, 1901, Katie A., beloved daugh-
ter of David and Ada Conley, and sister of
Harry, George, Wilber, Irma and Edgar Con-
ley, a native of California, aged 21 years 7
months and lfi days. .
CREAN-In this city. May 23, 1901, Catherine
Crean, beloved sister of William and the late
Owen Crean. and beloved aunt of John and
Daniel Crean, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 70 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock," from her late res-
idence, 250 Clara street.' between Fifth and
Sixth, thence to St: Patrick's Church, where,
a requiem hlsh mass, will be celebrated for'
the reocss of her soul, at 9 o'clock. -Inter-
ment MoUnt Calvary Cemetery.
CUNNIFF— In this city. May 23, 1901, Mrs.
Rose CunnifT, widow of the late F. D. Cun-
niff, and- beloved, daughter- of -Mrs. .Elizabeth
"'and the late Patrick' Frawley, and' sister of
Patrirk,' Joseph, William and Edward Fraw-
ley and Mrs. J. W. Shea and Mrs.; William
. "Ward, a native of San Francisco, Cal., aged
32 years 6 months and 13 days. ' ' . . ¦¦
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. May 23, 1901,
John, beloved husband of the late Eliza
Cunningham, a native of Ireland, aged 77
years. ~ ¦ ' - .",*,,* ¦,•
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter. ¦¦'.•• '
DEROME— In this city, May 22, 1301, Mrs.
Catherine Derome, a native of Obendorf,
Wurtembergr, Germany, aged 76 years and 22
days. : •
DERVIN— In Baden, -May 23, 1901, Thomas J.,
dearly beloved son of Valentine and Cather-
ine Dervin, and brother of Mary, Annie, Val-
entine, Irene, Veronica and Bernard Dervin,
a native of Baden, San Mateo County, Cal.,
aped 4 years 4 months and 7 days.
DITERT— In the City and County • Hospital,
May 22, 1901, Guatave Ditert, a native „ Of
New York, aged 32 years. '.. .
HARRINGTON— In this city. May 23, 1901;
•Nellie A., .dearly beloved and only daughter
of Ellen J. Harrington, and sister of John J.;
Thomas and William HarrinKton, a, native
of San Francisco, aged 22 years and 1 month.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter. • • • - .
HAWES-^-In this city, May 23, 1901. Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Charles | M. Hawes, and
mother of Charles D. Hawes and Mrs. A. E.
Borton, aged 67 years, i
(ETNotice of funeral hereafter. • . .
HICKEY— In this city, May 23, 1901, John J.,
beloved- husband of Bridget ¦ Hickey, and
father of John M. Hickey, a native of Brook-
lyn, N. Y., aged 61 years 10 months and 21.
'C7"Frlerids and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock,' from his late res-
idence, 1400 San Bruno avenue, thence to St.
Peter's Church, corner of Twenty-fourth, and
Alabama streets, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. v .
JAUDIN— In this city, May 22, . 1901, .: Mary
Eleanor Jaudin, beloved mother of H. U.
and G. E. Jaudin, Mrs. A.' M. Lusk and Mrs.
C. F. Howe. * , '
G?'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend" the funeral this day
(Friday) at S o'clock, from the residence of
her son, II. U. Jaudin, 1C1S Clay street, be-
tween Larkln and Polk, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, Van Ness avenue where a sol-
emn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her - soul, commencing at & 9:30-
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
LYONS— In this city, May 21, 1901,- Thomas
Lyons, a native of County 'Kerry, Ireland,
ared 79 yeara. ' -. . ' .: •'
(C7"Frienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 -o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Jdseph's
Church, where a. solemn requiem, mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • . :
MELLISS— In this city. May 2L 1901. Frances
Pauline Bolton, beloved' wife of D. Ernest
Melliss, and daughter of the late James R.
Bolton. - ¦ ." . ¦ ¦'" • 1 '¦¦'.. '::'.-
(CTFuneral services at her late residence,
1628 Vallejo street. , this day (Friday),' at 1
o'clock, i Interment private.
PERAZZI-^-In this clty t :May 22, .1901, Edna,
dearly beloved daughter of Victor and Mary
Perazzl, and sister of Adelina, Millie: and
Alfred Perazzl, a native of San Francisco,
aped 2 months and. 14 days.- . - . . . •;. , -
(C7The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at' 2 o'clock, from* her , parents'
residence, 23 Landers street. , between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth, Church and Dolores. ¦
.WILLIAMS— In Oakland. May 22. 1901, Rev. •
¦ Moses VVVHliams, a native, of $ Wrexhara.
Wales, aged 79 years. (Chicago papers please
. copy.) .. ¦ . -¦ . ¦ ¦¦" '•' ' ¦ ¦ ¦'
ICT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, ¦ from the Welsh Pres-
byterian Church, corner Fourteenth and Har-
rison ; streets, Oakland. ,. • ; :
WOODWARD— In Oakland, at 661 Sixteenth
street. May 23, ' 1901, ¦ Isadora B.; wife of. I. C.
.. Woodward, and mother ¦ of Pearl, • Jesse and
• Norman .Woodward, a native of * Iowa, aged
36 years 1 month and 11 days. - •'- ;
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to : Flannagan ' & Gallagher.) ¦
' DANIEL P. DONOVAN, .Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND < EMBALMERS,
*. .- 20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
¦Telephone South 80. ; " ; '• ;
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEUS, I
- . 1239 Market St., between 8th and 9th. .-.I
Telephone South^247. : M _,^^^l
r -:.: UNITED .UNDERTAKERS, ;.: ¦¦:
. 27 and 29 Fifth- st. J Tel ; South 167.V
> lOKEKAL DIRECTOR? AM J • EMBALMERi: \\ '
I^AMBS McGINN^k I
Formerly - with * McGinn Bros.? ' has - opened I
new I Funeral (Parlors 1 at 214 [ Eddy st. , bet. I
Taylor. and Jones. f- Telephone South 576.* . ' ; |
I " . EAHWAY TEAVIL ?-.
ST ,' lust 1 litU«bette» > \'
I than tnj other tram
I > ?-r« little better service— •
H a more homelike
I feeling on tht
I CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
than you find elsewhere. J3
' :" and it runs like this • ra
LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
9 an Mon Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun g ,
ARRIVES CHICAGO , |
2.15 pin Thur Fri Sat Sun Bon Tues Wed S
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO I
ON THE, / m
.SWTCfE j
southern; pacific.
Trains ¦«!»•«• j»u«I nr» ilui> la arrlv* »»
MAN rKlNl'IMtt. ' V ¦•¦¦!-
(H»in Line, root ot Market Street)
liatb — From Mat 9, 1301. — AMurs
- 7:30a. Benieia, Sairan, ElmEn, V*i «.?!!!«.
Ramsey and awraaiento. . . . . ...... 7iSSr
7i30a DftTis, Woodland, Knight* Lading.
Marysrille, OroTille... 7:3.1 p
7:&0a Atlantis Kiprass— Ogden and Kaal 13:43?
7:3Ua Port costs, Martiscz. Frasno, H»a»
ford, VUalla, Porteriille 4dSr
S:OOa Martinez, dan U»UM>n,V&llej<».lia{>a.
.- . Oalistof 4 and Santa Itooa «:23r
. »:«0a KUe3,Pleasantan, LlTermore, Stock.
ton, Fresno, Hanford, Vjaili*,
PdrterTtlla 7sftS»
8:3*4. Shuts Expires*— Datia, Will! ma ((or
BartleU Springs), Wllli *i, Kad
•Bluff, PortSui 7:M».
/ IiSOa Sbii Jose, Li»ermore, Stockton,
lone, flacraineuto, PU ,*tiUle, ¦
M»irs»tlle. Chioo, K*<1 U. iff 4:23r
S:3Oa Oakdale, Chinese (Yoseuiite), So-
nera. Carters 4:*3p
•:OOa Hay wards, Milrs *nd VV.iy Station*. I I:S3a
1 ViOOa Los Angeles Express — Marttuei.
Tracy, Xathrr.p, a ...jutou. Merced
Fresno and I>os Angeles 7 :23»
9:3OA Vallejn. MarMiiMnud Way StaMoua (k:33r
1 0:00 a The Overland iJiuited— Ogdoo, Deo-
Ter, Oiuaha. Cblcajj.. A:D3r
tl:OOp Sacramento Ut«er Htatiners t3iO»*
H:3Ur Haywards, Nile* and W» Stations. 7:53p
4>oor Beuiola, Winters, Saoramanto,
Woodland. • KnlgliU l>audliii.
JlnrysTille, Oroillls.. I »:03a
4:00p Martinez, San lUnioti, Yallejo,
Nairn. OnliiitoKit. S»»ta Itona Ui33a
4s00p Nllea, tlTermore. Stockton, LoJl... IO.53*
4>3<ir Hayvards. Miles Man.lusB, I.Wi rraora fSiSSA
3:0Op The Owl LJmiiad— Tracy, Stockton,
Fresno, Bakersfieid. Maugns (or
Santa baxbanv, Los An«e!e« ...... 8:33a
SiOOr New Orleans Exprens — Bakersfieid. . i -. >¦>¦
. Loa Angelas, £> mtng. £1 Paso.
New Orleans and E»36 7:S3*
5:0«pYoaemita.. 7:55a
O:UUp Uaywards, Niles aud Sau Jose 7:35*
. fSsOOr Vallejo 11:334
OtOor Oriental Mail— Ogd«n. Cheyenne,
Omaha, Chicago 13:23f
¦rOOr Oriental Mail— Ogdoa, DenTer,
Omaha, Chicago. , 4t23t
7:00 p Oregon aud Calif or ui» Bxpreaa,Has-
' nuneuto. MarysTiile. U«<I<1Iiik.
PortUml, liiget Nonmt anil V.*»L 8:»3a
I S:O3pSsn Pablo, Puft Costa, M*rtlaea - _
and W»y tit»tlou» ll!53*
t8iO3p ValMo 7:33f
COAST LINK (Narroir <Jnii R e).
(Foot ot Unrkst Street.)
{7i4.1a Santa Cruz Excursion to Santa Cnu
•nd Princpal War Stations l«:O3»
•>ISa Newark. CBiiterillIe..San.loso,K<>ltfln,
BoulUer Cri:ok.SaiiU Oniz and Way
HUtions 3:3»»
fail .IP Newurk. CenterTlHe, Sail Jose. Now
Almaclen, Fslton, limildsr Oreek,
SauU Criu and Principal Way
Btatious..... tlO..-lw»,
4tI3p Newark. 8an Jose. Los Gatos.....| ,, f JJls© J
-CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
i mmSi* rRHOISSO— Fnt «t Harktt Stn.t (SUp I)—
t7:13 9:00 11:00a.m. 1:03 3:30 B:I3r«.
rrimOllUKD— r..l«!JJn«i«r«j.— fii;UO td:0O t3.-0l
: 10:00a.m. ; 12:08 8:03 t:C3r.M.
COAST LiINE (Broad flangs).
*• (Third nnd Tow nas nd Sts.)
«il»A Ban Joseand Way stations......... i«»:i«»p
t7:«OA Hau JoseaiHl Way SUti.ms ls»il»
l7iSO A Sunday Excursion 1 for San Jcie,
• ' ' HanU Cruz. Pacific Grore and
Principal Way 8Utions. J8»»»»
•¦••A Han Just). Tres Plnos. Santa Crux.
' Pneilta Gro»e, feannM. San Lois
- ' Ohispo and Principal iuterTnedUtsj
BUCious. 4«lOr
1»iSOa San Jc»e and W?y SUtioas.. 7>3«»
/latSMA New Alinadeu /5:30»
II18OA Han Jose and Way Rtatlons S>3«»
tS:43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Joss, '
Tres Plnos, SauU Crux, Sallnaa,
Monterey and PaeiQo Grors tlO:«3*
*>SS)p San Jose and Way Stations e<3»A
f4tlSr 8an Joseand Principal Way Statious I»i-I3*
t5:00p San Jose, Loa Gates and Principal
WaySUtloos t»:«>O»
3:SOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:33a
diOOp Bedwood, Han Jose, GUmy, RaHnas.
Sahta Barbara. Loa Angeles 10:03*
SiOOp Del Monte, Monterey. Pacific Grore,
Lompoo... 10:03*
«:»Op San Jos* and Way .Stations fSiOOA
qll:45p Sau Joa»and Way Stations 7«aO>
A for Morning. P for A f ternoon.
t Sunday excepted. - t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. /Tuesdays and Fridajs.
GALIFQRBI& HORTHWESTERB RY. GO.
LESSEE * * • ' "
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
' RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry. Foot of Market St*
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11 .-00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, tt:30 p. m. Thursday*— Extra trip
at 11:50 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; -1:30. 3:30,
. 5:00. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:50. 9:20r, 11:10 a. m.; 12:C
3:40, 5:13 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:35
and G:25 p. m. ¦ • •-
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 2:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave' I In EHect I Arrlva
San Francisco. [April 28. )901. [ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- J . i Sun- 1 "Week
Days. ( days. . | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:10 am 8:40 am
S:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:23 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Pulton.
7:30 am Windsor. . 10:3 am
5:00 pm Healdsburs- 10:40 am
. ' Geysemite. • ¦
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdalet 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am]10:25 am
3:30 pmf 8:00 am[ and • Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am] - 7 110:40 amllO:25 am
• ... . f 8:00 am Guemeville. 7:35 pm
8:30 pml 5:00 pm - . ¦ 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am] Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:43 am
I -v- f - ; and \
5:10 prnf 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am) 8:00 ami ~ 110:40 am|10:25 am
8:30 pm[ 5:00 pmf Sebaatopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
' Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Splnrgs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geycerville for Skaras Springs: at Cloverdale
for -the -Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, . Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, I Upper Lake, . Pomo. Potter • Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley*s. Bucknells.
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragsr, West-
port. »Usal, WHllts, Laytonvllle, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris., Olaen's, Dyer. Scotia
and Bureka. ' ,'
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ' , ¦ /
On Sunday round "trip tlcjkeU to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlce, .650 Market street. Chronicle
Bulldlnc. .
H.C. WHITING. - II. X. RYAN'.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Via Saasalita Ferry— Foot of Market 3t,
leave •»« man. - >»mvt ••i.fmpi,
53oa m.) ____ n , V! . t a-.iSr.it.
.8dX)A. M.I . • fl2:13F.M.
,-¦ 9:00 a.m. I 1:15 p.m.
10*0 A. M.I CYT\rT>*V<» J 3^0 P.M.
( 1150A.M.r rSpTOAYS. V4jS»r:»
.Fan! «a TrmtwiKW to STOimtt nrf R«ora. %lt»
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. &SansaHto Ferry.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Offlce and residence,
1021 Market st,. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases cf the human body; see
tfstlmr.nlal*! at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis
PILES-
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to SO
years; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men eent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery cr delay from business, . and no
ettlves fcr sale. Particulars, address Physi-
clan. box 1950. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
UKAL ESTATE C1TV FOR SALE.
NEW 2-story houses; C rooms and bath; only
2 left out of 8; $2200; cash or installments.
1327 Montgomery ave. ,
A, BALDASSI & CO.. 2C6 Montgomery ave. —
Doing fair business with English. French,
Italian and Spanish epeaking people. ,
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole St.; open daily.
IK you have Jots to s»ll north ot the Park.
then rail on W. .T r CUNN. 530 California st.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY For Sale
$1625 CASH— 6 acres. Santa Clara Valley, in
prunes, peaches and apricots, 5 years old;
crop on tress; well, two-roomed house, Btable,
chicken houses, horse, wagon and harness,
7 dozen laying hens (Minorca), farm tools
and furniture; near school, station and post-
office. Box 3207. Call offlce.
67 ACRES near Alma; house of 16 room*; large
bam; plenty water; IS acres In orchard, some
full bearing; $4000; terms to suit.
ZiVt acres In C-year-old orchard; $110 per
acre; 250 acres at ?47 CO per acre. C. C. SMITH,
630 Market St.. San Francisco.
MARION GRIFFIN. Real Estate Agent. 719
Market St., by Call' bldg. —Free circulars de-
scrlbing farms for sale all over this State.
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and general ranches for sale
nnd to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$2500— 8-room house with all modem lm-
; provements: lot 75x120; must Bell on account
of departure. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$S90— $100 cash, balance $12 per month. 6 rooms,
good well and pump; lot 40x136. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO.
$150 TO $350— Acre lots; finest soil in the State.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$500— Wheeler tract lots; finest view Jn Berk-
eley. Call or send for maps. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO. •
$2000— New 6-room cottage,. 1 block to station
and electric cars; fine mantels, tinted walls,
fine gas fixtures, stationary tubs, light base-
ment, tiled sink, porcelain bath; water and
sewer all connected; and ready to move Into;
I $100 down, balance $20 per month; place will
rent for $22 50 per month. Wi C. MORAN &
CO.. Lorin Station and Schmidt Block,
Berkeley. . ¦ . ,.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE. ,
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
Auction! , . ...
Auction! . . ' »
Auction!
- Auction!
Auction!
Auction! . .
Auction!
Auction!
. . > Auction!
Auction!
¦ t
- I •
SATURDAY. MAT 25, 1901.
SATURDAY, _M_A Y. .25, JJ01,
SATURDAY. MAY 25,1901.
SATURDAY. MAY 25, 1801.
At Salesroom,
M3 BROADWAY. OAKLAND.
Ei 1 Order of» the
Executor* of the Elizabeth Hutchison Estate.
The following property must be sold to close
the estate:
Business property on 14th st., between Wash-
ington and Clay; one of the best business
streets In Oakland; opposite the City Hall and
the Hotel Touraine; lot oOxlCO, now occupied
by the San born Nursery; this Is the only lot
in the business cectlon of 14th st. that can be
had; all others are Improved.
Telegraph-ave. building lots: four choice lots
fronting the avenue: 43 to 60 feet frontage, 140
feet In depth; the finest location on the ave-
nue; Just north of 26th st. ; easy walk to train;
electric cars pass the property.
On 26th st., near Telesraph ave.; E beauti-
ful buildlna lots, 40x100 each; on the north
side of street; they get the sun all day; the
street work is all done; fine location: close to
town; between two electric car lines.
Piedmont: nearly two acres on Vernal ave.,
at the end of the car line; choicest residence
site In Piedmont; overlooks Oakland. Alameda
and San Francisco; no winds; no fogs; climate
perfect; SOS feet on the avenue by 260 feet in
depth.
Fronting Broadway, Birch or 50th St., Ver-
non or Cist st. and Diamond st. ; 26 lots, as a
whole or In subdivisions; lots 25x150 each.
, Claremont lots, 18 In all, fronting- Claremont
ave., Hudson st.. Hardy st. and First ave.;
fine chance to get them at your own price; In
subdivisions.
Four acres on Pleasant Valley ave., close to
the Piedmont electric line; *ery fine piece of
land a cd will surely double In value; adjoins
th« property of the Realty Syndicate.
Arrangements have been made to secure 75%
of the purchase price should loans be desired,
repayable In annual Installments, Interest pay-
able quarterly at the rate of 7V4% per annum.
- TITLES ARE PERFECT.
Abstracts and certificates of title made by
the Etocker & Holland Abstract Co. furnished
to date of tale free of expense to purchasers.
Send for Catalogues.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE,
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, th*
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. ',
CALIFORNIA. 1527—3 furnished housekeeping
rooms; gas; running water. ¦. *
FIFTH, ; 318 — Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; cheap rent.
FOLSOM, IMS, cor. 9th— Large sunny bay-wln-
. dow- room: blue-flame stove; $9; one other,
$S;. adults: quiet house. ;
EIGHTH, 34B— Fine sunny "front alcove room
. , and kitchen, furnished for housekeeping; bath.
JONES. 115— Four nicely , furnished rooms. $20.
JONES, 303— Elegantly furnished sunny house-
keeping rocms, rent $S5; also other beauti-
fully furnished rooms. ....
.HAIOHT. 222 — Two • perfectly appointed house-
keeping rooms . for a couple;' telephone. <
JESSIE, '812, near Ninth— 3 unfurnished rooms;
V-low ren*.- *THEATRICAL STARS, ONE OF WHOM IS MAKING A DECIDED HIT AT
¦ THE TIVOLI, WHILE THE OTHER IS .TO APPEAR ON MONDAY '
. NEXT AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE IN "CLEOPATRA."
THE Toymaker," the charming
operetta holding the boards at the
Tivoli, has made a tremendous
hit at this popular house and has
given the Tivoli prlma donna.
Miss Annie Myers, the opportunity * to
make the hit of her stage career — an op
portunity the charming little lady has
availed h.erself of completely. As Elsa,
the toymaker's daughter, who pretends to
be the wonderful automaton doll that her
father's genius has created and her clum
siness has destroyed, Miss Myers does
some splendid work that stamps .her not
only as a singer but as an actress of un
usual ability. Especially is this tho case
in the last scene, where Frederick (Ed
ward Webb) discovers that she is not a
doll, but a real live woman, a scene that
wins for the talented little lady nightly
many recalls.
"The Toymaker" has given to Miss
Myers stellar honors. , ¦
Melbourne MacDowell, who is to appear
with the Morosco stock company next
week, is said to receive the magnificent
salary of $1000 a week. This is to be the
first engagement of MacDowell in which
he will not be featured as the entire show
and where his name will be printed in the
same type as those of the other members
of the supporting company. During Mac-
Dowell s stay at the Grand he will appear
in the plays that won for him fame and
fortune when <he was co-star with his
wife, the late Fanny Davenport.
Tho opening play of the MacDowell sea
son Is to be "Cleopatra." and the Morosco
management promises to give it the same
gorgeous mounting and careful attention
to detail as it received at the hands of
Davenport.
WICHITA, Kans., May 23.— J. W. Mahey
fired the contents of a double-barreled
shotgun into the body of Homer Kein at
Augusta, Okla., to-day, without apparent
cause. .Kein was fatally wounded. A
mob organized to lynch Mahey, but has
not yet found him nor the officer who
took him in charse.
Fatal Shooting at 'Oklahoma.
The Supervisors* Finance Committee
submlted to the local board last night its
estimate of the necessary expenditures of
the municipal government for, the next
fiscal year, which it places at $5,470,100.
This sum is the same as that estimated by
Auditor Wells, but the figures for the va
rious departments have been chnnged in
a number of- instances. To raise this
amount the committee figures that a tax
! rate of $1 on every $100 assessed valuation
will be reauired on a valuation of $400.
000,000. The difference • of $1,470,100 will
come from licenses and other sources.
The principal changes in expenditures are
those for the Board of Public Works,
which are placed at $S05.960, the Auditor
having fixed them at $924,5W. The Audit
or's estimate for the Police Department Is.
reduced from $785,068 to $766,703, the same
as this year's appropriation. The School
Department gets $1,285,000, or $125,000 more
than this year. For new schoolhouses
$50,000 is recommended.
For Permanent Improvements.
For permanent improvements the sum
of $292,834 is recommended, as follows:
Completion of Mission-street police sta-
Blon ....: * 3.864
Fire Department, new buildings 30.000
Central Fire Alarm Station 7.500
Police station. Fourth and Clara streets 25,000
Lightins plant. City Hall dome 3.500
Repavlng accepted streets In North
Central District 60.000
Fitting up rooms In City Hall '..." 7.470
Work In front of city property 8,000
Block books for Assessor 8,500
Army street sewer from San Bruno ave
nue easterly ..'. 15,000
Sundry sewers ( 20.000
Total - $1S3,S34
For placing: city's overhead wires un
derground In business districts $ 4?, 000
Tank for Almshouse.. 6.000
New school houses '. 50,000
Grand total J292.834
The committee estimates the surplus
fund of this year at $505,000. of which $320.
000 is recommended to pay back claims, .
the difference to be used as follows: ». ,
Rcpavlng of Bush street ' $ 5,000
RCpavlng of Polk street 10,000
Repavlr.g of Sixth street from Market
to the bay 30,000
Bltuminlzing: of Van Ness avenue 11,000
SewPr In Sunset r«strrct..:.;.r-.r.-.r 40,000 j
Pesthouse 20.000
Heating of City Hall .16,310 1
Paving of Market street west of Van '
Ness ....; : 5.C0O
Paving of Valencia from .Market .to '
Eighteenth streets 23,600
Bight of way Potreio and Fifteenth
-. streets' sewers : 10,000
Total :......... $185.CO0
Making a grand tctal for improve- !
. mets of - $477,834
The Board of Public Works is allowed
the following sums:
For general office 1 '.'.$ 24,120
Bureau of •Engine«rin!r 60.000
Investigation of Public Utilities.....' 15.000
Bureau of Streets 3S5.310
Bureau of Buildings 123,096
Bureau of Light and "\Water 3,600
Total $617.1:6
Permanent improvements specified $ISS,S34
Grand total J805.960
Expenses of Two Years Compared.
Following Is the Itemized list of the es
timated expenditure of the department.-!,
which vary from those of this year, the
tlrst mentioned figures representing next
year's and tho second last year's esti
mates:
Federated Clubs petitioned that th»» dol
lar limit in the charter b© suspended in
order to provide for a new City and Coun
ty Hospital, new schoolhouses and sew
ers. He advocated an additional tax of
25 cents for those purposes. He spoke of
the need of schoolhouses in Sunnys'.de Dis
trict, west of Castro street, in tha
Potrero and other sections. G. Roundev,
president of the Mission Imorovement
Club, wanted more time to consider the
report of the Finance Committee and
make suggestions, and C. D. Salfleld rep
rimanded those Supervisors who did not
attend the meeting. Salfleld objected to
spending $8000 for block books for the As
sessor. He offered to sell the books for
$900. E. McKinstry asked for sufficient
funds to improve Balboa boulevard.
The board adjourned, to meet to-night,
when consideration of the budget will be
resumed. ' •• -
FINANCE COMMITTEE'S
ESTIMATE FOR BUDGET
,Verus| cures ;Piles,V or 1 $30. reward. For
sale "by /all; druggists, f >' •
MRS. McKINLEY'S < PICTURE in the
Wasp's sixty-patro -Presidential ¦ souvenir.
For sale at all news ' stands. ' 25 cents." • • ¦
Fifteenth. Cavalry Goes to j Parks.
Troops I and H, Fifteenth Cavalry,
under commandof Major Louis- A. Craig,
have been ordered -to proceed to the na-,
tional parks for duty. . • ;> . . r*-, . ,
, ' Presiding Judge Dunne of the ; Superior
Court' has addressed a letter to the Grand
Jury ; asking '" that i '. body , : to "< complete i its
labors as, quickiy.; as • possible. - A v meeting
was to have, been- held last night,' but lack
of ; a'i quorum i prevented •' any executive ac
tion. .. Members i stood in the hallway , and
excused >• themselves when their names
.were caIled.*ggttSIMHBBttSHBWMBagMB<
Grand Jury Lacks Quorum.
; Send it to Eastern friends. The Wasp's
McKlnleysbuvenir.V All 1 the events of. tne
President's i.visit compiled in '¦ sixty pages
of splendid pictures." ¦>. Out ; to-day; 25c. •
Improvement Clubs Are 'Heard.
. A large number of property owners and
representatives of .several improvement
clubs were present at the board's meeting
to voice the needs of the various districts
in which - they are interested. N.- B.
Greensf elder, vice president of the Public
Improvement Central Club, asked for cer
tain repairs to the* Lowell' High School.
F. C, Self ridge "of the "Western Addition
Improvement; Club' asked .for electric
lights on Fillmore street. A. Lorenzo, sec
retary i of the Polk . Street - Improvement
Club, petitioned for the improvement- of
Polk street, which is recommended by the
Finance Committee. George Bluxome,
representing .Duncan; .street.-.property
owners, asked- for the openinjrr. of 'that
i thoroughfare from Guerrero street to Tif
fany avenue." Father Smithof St. MarVs
Square Association ; asked for $125,000 for
St. ; Mary's square. ,:> G. f S: « Shadburne
spoke of. the legal -points Involved- in ithe
proposition. A. S. Lillle ¦ of the xvlission
Mrs. _Lillle Parks,«.a widow living at
1226 Mission street, was to have been mar
ried Wednesday to Alvah G. Davis/ a
cischarged soldier, but Davis, who came
from Vallejo' Tuesday, ostensibly to- go
through the ceremony, .has mysteriously
disappeared. Mrs. Parks told the police
that he went to Oakland Tuesday after
noon, expecting to return that night, and
she feels sure he has met with foul play.
She also notified the police . in Oakland.
Captain Seymour, from inquiries he has
made,. thinks that Davis has fled, and that
there has been no foul play. ,
Soldier Lover Disappears.
Of the Boston Clothing Company, la sell-
Ing to-day and to-morrow men's . suits
that cost $18, every one of them, for only
$4.65. Do not delay, but come at once.
These suits are worsteds; cheviots : and
tweeds, in black, blue, gray and mixed,
single and double breasted. All will go for
$4.65 a man's suit at the clothing assignee
sale of. the Boston, 773 Market street, near
Fourth. . v » .
j P. C. Kelly, Assignee
Tho outing of tho local lodges of.frie
Ancient Order, of United Workmen • and
those of Alameda. County at Fernbrook
Park, in Niles Canyon, was a very pleas
ant one for the large ' number who at
tended. After luncheon under the trees
races, were, held. 'They resulted as fol
lows, the contestants coming in in the
order' named:
Race for boys under 12 years— Kd win Tierse,
James Olwell, John Ruort. . :'.'
' .Race for girls under 12 years— Florence Her
oun, Hazel Turner, Colia Zwlllinger. :\ ¦:..-,
•Race for members of the A.O.'U. W.— E. A.
•Beeler, F. Kotelman, T. Rudgero. '\ ¦'.'¦'
' -Race for ladles of thoDegTeo of Honor— Mrs.
T. B. Flnnegan, May Foote, Mrs. William Tin-
Standing high Jump— Albert Herzogr.'F.'Kot
elman. . . / ... ....--¦
¦ 'Egg and ladle race for girls— Grace , Sullivan,
Cella.Webb. ". . ; ', '
Past masters' race— W. J. ; B. Worner, . F. ' J.
Maguire, J. H. • Jenner. v ¦ . ' ', ' " !„
Race for members', wives— Mrs. T.'.B.TFinne
gan; May Glass, Gertrud^ Malloy. • ¦ •.
i Race, for young ! men— Albert Herzog, N.
Ewera. D.'Alwell. " - ' ' ; • ' - ' -^V
Race 1 for young ladlea-^Mrs. H. . Spear, Ethel
Morrison. Mrs. J.'J. Wright. • - ;
Race for fat men— James -H. Cattran, O..M.
•Lawton, Edward Lee. ' • -¦-¦¦,'¦ "¦
Race for fat ladles— Mrs. H.L. Blenfleld,' Nel
lie -Kurenberg. Mrs. T. P. Deerlng. ¦¦¦;:
Hurdle race— Albert Herzog, C. ¦ H. Meyers,
Louis Jurs. ¦ :--;'. >•-¦- — i. - ¦ "¦ ¦ r •
" Three-legged race for boys— James Olwell and
E. ¦ Hammerslagr, Louis Jurs i and Albert* Pat
terson. ¦', - :. ¦'¦-'. ;t'. ¦ •¦i-' ' ¦ ' ' ..''¦¦''
' • Potato .- race for girls— Hazel Turner, Mary
Hablngton, CeliaZwllllnger. . ; '.. ¦ • '. j
,Sack race for boys— Louis Jurs. .A. Jurs. ,
: Strlng-eatlng contest— L. . Jurs,; T.. Rudgero,
Rufus Blenfleld.: '..,> ' '. ¦ \
Then .' followed the. distribution r of 110
gate .prizes to' da~> many • fortunate win
ners and then an address by Grand Mas
ter ( W. E; D. Morrison, who came from
Los' Angeles : to. be present with his
brothers. • • ' .
The . committee of arrangements - was
made up as follows:
; C. T." Spencer,-, John Montgomcryr F. A.' Wor
den/J. T. Shaylor, A. W. Tuggey. T. W.Ward,'
J. M. Chase. F." E. Kenny, Gus Pohlmann.
Leonard- Stone. R-- F. McKenzie.. J.'-F.--Walt
hour, H. Colson. . C. Blood worth. ¦ L. I T. . Rankin,
Frank Norton, S. J.'.Crowley.^ Robert .Walker,
W. M. Doyle, Charles llaisel. G. Mosbacher," M.
Glennon, • M. O*Leary. . William Grosh. . H.v J.
Trowbridge. ¦ F. . Benjamin;- H. Levitt... J. > P.
Whitney, C. W. Edwards. E. Roedecker.- Joseph
Lee, Joseph Schuster, ,T. Griffiths, H. McCrack
en, -"A. Becker, George Crawley, J. ,H.- Barron,.
-W. >'H. .Daniels,- Jam«s Land, A. D.J Hawley
. and W. ¦ C. . Crov.-ley. ' .";* - ¦¦¦ r '-i i , ¦ - v >
* During ' one" of ". the; ladles' : races ; Mrs.'
Lillie, Seaton T ; tripped, '.fell and ' was
stunned. : ~\ She \x soon -, recovered sand^ later !
in -.the -day- was awarded a -consolation
Pleasant Day Is Spent
by Lodge Members
in Fernbrook. .
WORKMEN HAVE
A GAY OUTING
; The Supremo • Court handed down a de
cision yesterday i which establishes the
precedent, that banking Institutions can
be i assessed and- compelled to pay tho
taxes "on money; which Is, owed* to them
from without the State, provided that It
constitute a "solvent credit."
The. Pacific Coast. Savings Society,
against which the decision was rendered,
transacts a building and loan business In
San Francisco; 1 . and ls.corinected with the
New York firm of J. & W. Seligman.
with whom in the | course of commercial
operations it frequently has : a large
amount of money.
Prior to March '1, 1896, : the local Savings
Society had $100,000 with • the New Tork
firm, resulting from the sale of. bonds in
London. At the, time the local Assessor
requested a statement of personal prop
erty from the Savings Society, which oc
curred - shortly after this sale, there re
mained, but $65,000 of the original sum on
deposit and , no return .was made of this.
The Assessor later discovered this error
and requested additional' taxes.' This was
refused and the -taxes were finally paid
under protest. •: . " '_
Legal, proceedings, were, instituted and
the Superior : Court f upheld the • Assessor
in his action. Appeal . was : made to the
Supreme Court.. and yesterday an opinion
affirming the' judgment and, order of the
lower court was filed. ' . .¦ "~.*<^\- ~
"The following statements appear In tho
decision: ,
The relation between a general depositor of
money . with . a . bank and that * bank is that ' of
debtor ' and creditor.? • • • The general . rule
,1s that debts attend the person of the creditor
and are taxable at his domicile. 1 . ? • •:• It was
¦therefore assessed ; as solvent credit and aa
property In San j Francisco, belonging to It on
that; day. '¦ • ¦ . ~ _.
The <' decision . was '•> rendered by Justice
Harrison, ¦* with .. whom Justices Garoutte
and Van Dyke concurred. ,'.;¦'. '¦
Money Owned in State
by Persons Abroad
Is Assessable. '
SUPREME COURT
SUSTAINS CITY
On account of Fltzhugh's protracted
stay here it was whispered that Krutt
schnut would have to go, 1 but su<tfi Is not
the case.
Rumor* to the effect that General Man
ager Julius Kruttschnltt of the Southern
Pacific Company In , about to bo called
upon by President Charles M. Hays to re
sign are erroneous. Mr. Kruttschnltt is
on the most friendly terms with the new
president, and, what is still better, Hays
has more thon once expressed himself as
highly pleased with his management and
executive ability.
Where the rumor started is hard to find
out. Kruttschnitt, like other public men,
has many enemies, who think, no doubt,
that by circulating a report of -this kind
they can be instrumental in "securing his
discharge. But those who are . practical
railroad men know that Kruttschnltt Is a
valuable' man to the company. Besides
being a good operating official he is also
an educated man, who can compile' sta-'
tlstlcs showing the workings of the road
at a glance. He is also a thorough rail
road engineer. His services are most val
uable when construction work is being
done. • . ••."••
Rumors That His Head
Is in Danger Are .
False.
KRUTTSCHNITT
NOT TO RESIGN
Annie Myers' Cleverness -Shows to Advantage in
Toy Ilaker" at vthe Tiyoli.
MELBOURNE MacDOWELL SIGNS
AS MEMBER OF STOCK COMPANY
THE SA^ FBANCISCO CALL, 'FRIDAY, MAT 24. 1901.
14
GENERAL FUND.
H
?s=
• (IB
• o » '
: I?
si
• o.
Advertising
Burial Indigent dead
Interment U. 3. soldiers
Municipal reports
Poundkeeper's expenses
Prisoners' subsistence
Stationery and printing
Stationery and printing . (»pe-
Clal) ......
Furniture public buildings
(xpectal)
Telephone service
Water /or municipal purposes
Maintenance in Magdalen
Asylum
Maintenance in State schools.
Maintenance feeble - minded
children .......".'
Lighting streets #nd public
buildings ".
Fees: of Jurors in criminal
cases /•
License blanks an* tags
Assessor's field deputies* ex-
penses •
Coroner's expenses .;..
Recorder's folio clerks
Stenographers Superior Court
Court Interpreters ....:.'.:....
District Attorney-
Printing transcripts ..........
Jury expenses :..........
Board of Public Works..:;...
Pollco Department salaries...
Police, rents of stations
Police patrol- !
Police pensions deficiency,
1900-1901 : :...v......
Health Department salaries..
Health Dept. and Emergency
Hospital expenses..'. "...;.
Emergency Hospital salaries.!
Emergency Hospital in Golden
Gate Park
Leper Hospital— 26th st.:.."...:
Smallpox Hospital ...:...:.:;.
City and County Hospital
Department of Electricity
Fire Department
Department of Elections — .".
Department of Public Schools
Public Library ..—;...
Outside of dollar limit-
Park fund ...... .«"....:T.. .'.."...
Interest and slnklr.gr fundsr-
Park bonds. 1S74-1S75 ...........
New bonds
J24.00O
4.600
i 3,000
! • 6.000
10,200
43.500
26,605
14.5:5
1.9S&
8.50O
05,000
7,500
8,000
20.000
I 260.000
'13.000
2.000
1.000
2.500
33,000
IS, COO
6.000
37,400
2.S0O
" 500
- 805.960
766,703
5.604
20.000
J20.000
b.oco
I.SOrt
5.0CO
8,000
4S.0CO
• 24.000
¦ ¦ .
gOO
¦
"**7,'6co
23S.0S0
10,000
10.000
13,000
235,000
I
""i'soo
1,760
21,600
. 12.000
8.000
86.200
. . 2,000
g I 1,500
637,194
766.708
6.120
. 1S.19O
¦ . 8,500
,57,000
""ii'.m
13,200
24,780
12.440
24.300
¦ 4,000
- 7.160
9.350
90.000
109. 518
747.000
95, COO
1.285. OOO
62.000
. 7.06O
4.000
ST. 600
50,000
, 688,718
109.9CO
1.16O.0OO
&9.50O
285,000
. 213.0CO
23.000
26.000
„; 2C8.500
»5. 626.200
- Totals ".. ¦........:....
— — I
$5,780. lOo!
GENERAL FUND.
H
?s=
• (IB
• o » '
: I?
si
• o.
Advertising
Burial Indigent dead
Interment U. 3. soldiers
Municipal reports
Poundkeeper's expenses
Prisoners' subsistence
Stationery and printing
Stationery and printing . (»pe-
Clal) ......
Furniture public buildings
(xpectal)
Telephone service
Water /or municipal purposes
Maintenance in Magdalen
Asylum
Maintenance in State schools.
Maintenance feeble - minded
children .......".'
Lighting streets #nd public
buildings ".
Fees: of Jurors in criminal
cases /•
License blanks an* tags
Assessor's field deputies* ex-
penses •
Coroner's expenses .;..
Recorder's folio clerks
Stenographers Superior Court
Court Interpreters ....:.'.:....
District Attorney-
Printing transcripts ..........
Jury expenses :..........
Board of Public Works..:;...
Pollco Department salaries...
Police, rents of stations
Police patrol- !
Police pensions deficiency,
1900-1901 : :...v......
Health Department salaries..
Health Dept. and Emergency
Hospital expenses..'. "...;.
Emergency Hospital salaries.!
Emergency Hospital in Golden
Gate Park
Leper Hospital— 26th st.:.."...:
Smallpox Hospital ...:...:.:;.
City and County Hospital
Department of Electricity
Fire Department
Department of Elections — .".
Department of Public Schools
Public Library ..—;...
Outside of dollar limit-
Park fund ...... .«"....:T.. .'.."...
Interest and slnklr.gr fundsr-
Park bonds. 1S74-1S75 ...........
New bonds
J24.00O
4.600
i 3,000
! • 6.000
10,200
43.500
26,605
14.5:5
1.9S&
8.50O
05,000
7,500
8,000
20.000
I 260.000
'13.000
2.000
1.000
2.500
33,000
IS, COO
6.000
37,400
2.S0O
" 500
- 805.960
766,703
5.604
20.000
J20.000
b.oco
I.SOrt
5.0CO
8,000
4S.0CO
• 24.000
¦ ¦ .
gOO
¦
"**7,'6co
23S.0S0
10,000
10.000
13,000
235,000
I
""i'soo
1,760
21,600
. 12.000
8.000
86.200
. . 2,000
g I 1,500
637,194
766.708
6.120
. 1S.19O
¦ . 8,500
,57,000
""ii'.m
13,200
24,780
12.440
24.300
¦ 4,000
- 7.160
9.350
90.000
109. 518
747.000
95, COO
1.285. OOO
62.000
. 7.06O
4.000
ST. 600
50,000
, 688,718
109.9CO
1.16O.0OO
&9.50O
285,000
. 213.0CO
23.000
26.000
„; 2C8.500
»5. 626.200
- Totals ".. ¦........:....
— — I
$5,780. lOo!
Siammer- Dresses for :|r^w / '^3Ui
Masses and dhSldreini.
All the new and most effective thoughts. , jWMl I : . \ l! 1
' Varietws, qualities and prices as you will not km ¦ ; , \^^ \ j
¦ find them united elsewhere. . Kim \\ P^^. \
' We sell dresses for I ess. than you can buy /AJg i J N^K. J.
the material and. make them. .: . • if/*iU | •* W >^^J ! !
We make special m ention of our - /4|//^MiM?sv W\ '
7, 1 SHIRT WAIST SUITS. /IM /M^k W
Made of fine, striped Madras: JpLw ' ' \\ q ;Jn
all fell seamed; gored skirt; /Sff^ I \i r\
crushed belt: Windsor tIS; sizes J*?fir £ ' \ \ . J
32 to 44. (Se&Jllustratlon.) - -¦ . szS&* : 7& 11 *'^" \ \\ "Kv
"We are just In receipt of some > - ///I/*/// \\ \ I V
entirely new effects in , • Iti yli k J if\ | >
VChildreh'8-.WasSi Dresses, .MiiBJj^l^
Size3 2 to 14. All are excellent'^ "1 ' f _ *o' j^^^O^^^^^^^
values. Prices ranee from...--. 11 T j>
Makers of Ladies'. \>\ -H2'J Market ?t. T^^^^^^^vV \\
Children's and Infants' Wear. Bet: Powell & Stockton. ' :* ' ljyr^^\?\Yfj'i>i l ''t$
' Mail Orders Filled Promptly. ."••$^".**fl*' r. A ' , i'^' '^rr!*M
Send for Catalogue of Children's and Misses' Dresses. ot^ - 1 for . , ,1 > x * V\y ' u i , [-' \£
AHVEOTISEMENTS. r
A Little M?
Only a dollar
a week — will 4 ffij
it you* out i.i m
a5 swell and ||f||p||j \M
we'.l made suit f|piif|?-1 vt
of clothes as %
thc heart can H|ft
wish for. Our
f a hti c s are Wl-Trf l^lf
high class, our Mml W
taioringisun- Uf || Ml
surpassed, and ||| tf Wl •
w; guarantee '"IHjIi ' ya
a perfect fit. M ,#fl
EHis$t.-5anFr^cisco
When Prof. Munyon tayi his Dytpep«la Car*
will cure indigestion and all forms of stomach
trouble he simply tells tb% truth. It will cure a
stomach that baa been abused by over-eating and
over-drinkin?. It will cure a stomach that ha*
been weakened by old-style drugs. It will do much
toward matins an old «omach act like a sound one.
At all drujrgists, 95 tents. Fifty sU other cures.
Munyn, New York and Philadelphia.
HUMOS'S I3HALEB CUBES CAT1BBH.
DR. MEYERS&CO, Jp9^%
Specialists. Dls- Wb&
ease and Weakness wSw jg&
of men. Estab- Zvgf, "%&&'£& \
Ilshed 1S31. Consul- Wm X^f^f
tatlon and prtvata VSJ, I JLrtA
book free, at office hM j9£X m
or by mall. Cures *S?',1*i>H*^t
puaranteed. 7 Ml f^VW'iSj
Market street (ele- J^T^^CjP
vator entrance;. ,y^\rtl\^» l jr/5ak_
San Francisco.
jlJ0 favorite
Si • FOR WEA34 WOMEN.
FOR 5ALE.
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Valley Land: in Ma-
.'dera County.
For particulars address FAR1T, 313 ilarXet
Street. S. F. . " , .
db:mcnulty:
mHISWfctL-KXOWNAND RELIARLK OLD
L Specialist curesB It od Poison. Gonorrhcsa, Gleet,
' S tricturp. Spnilual Weatnes", I raputence and tbeii*
allied Disorders. Hook on Diseases of Men. free.
OTprTOyearsVxper'ence.Terni^ reasonable. IIour%
9to3daily;6:30to3.30ev'Ks.Sund»ri,10to 12. C.>nr,ul.
Utionfreeandsacredly confidential. CaTl o/addreM
P. ROSCOE 3IcXCLTY.3I.I5.
56,'j' Kearny St^ ' San Francisco, Ca#-
ADVERTISEMENTS. . . . . . .
FOB HAfiD KNOCKS
THERE'S NOTHING WILL
RESIST IT LIKE A SERGE
For Preitmess,
F™* THERE'S NO FABRIC IN
ror smartness, i T with a serge
For Dressiness
\^^^^^ /S0\ (TO-DAY AND
ytii^** ? Devoted to Nothing Else—
|||ijg\ SERGES.
Sweet, Cvte,Sn»r.
ikiiiW Sailors.;
wK\"^I^^»K vfl * n c prsttfest shade of Vmc,
YWK^MWks^ Whh thc Wide flaring blouse;
\ /Sk^^^MfifiyrK u\ chaste, dean, refined styles, as
i'$k 171 llJ/Q/^if V^V yousie pictured opposite. Trco-
\jM S J^i'j&r N«l sefS ** ncc * throughout. Lan-
JkjM \/^^W^^ yard and wh s U with every
su^ — a serge suit, bona fide,
\ 'ISffv' v\m worth $3.00, and you know
\ If4$f^\ ' Wl our sa *- or^ are the refined f ash-
M I Vlf V 111 ions, worn by the swclle»t lit—
WMi \ . i\ tie chaps in San Francisco, to
WQl VVf fit chaps between the ages cf
Us elk 3 and 10 years. Friday and
(£st0&fz£Ws%^ %&v6e Stilts
'¦^^^^*^^^^\ With a Fancy Brocaded Silk Vest.
l^^^^hl |?5Sl rP %° °^ s ' u WC u Dte hi^ h "^ r a ic
W%M$$4 /^^i5 v^ goods stba gain prices — the e's
wjz%£J0!^l I <S^<^\^^^^ l^ c difference between us and
m%* A other stores. We don't get up
a?CS C^ 3 an d 8. Friday and
The Grand Duke. * $D*yD
For boys ; that's our iatsst sliff hat — * . . *
that tali, square^crown hat that you k — '¦ : — j j
sec the mtn folks wearing, only in If you want your boy to l/ck the
the proper proportions br boys— cnt cutest o town get him that "Grand
of the ktjst shapes we are showing Duke sti f h t of curs ; it's the swell-
up in our hat department" est hat we've shown 'his season. ' ¦ -t
*- : k k i
&mP Mj*C€>WP<>BAT1LW>' UNION SQUARE AvE.
Our Catalogue on Summer Goods Places You Right
In Touch With -Our Newest and Swellcst Ideas.