" The 'federation ' asks that ; the ; Employ
ers'; Association : shall - not', discriminate
against any employer of - labor because
such employer 'chooses to ; employ union
men only. - The 'association is also', asked
to ; take ' back ', all i locked-out ; employes,"' or
those who" have quit.work since^thV strike
began, at the expiration, of ¦¦ the present
advanced by the City Front Fed
eration made little headway yesterday/ It
la known,' however,; that certain influential
merchants whose names are withheld | for
the present have begun- the work of bring
ing Individual members of the Draymen's
Association and .. the striking I teamsters
formerly! in their employ* together In 'i the
effort ¦ to adjust : their affairs "on " the lines
laid "down-by ...the federation In their com
munication. to - Mayor .Phelan. ;- '¦ . '•
THE effort t/> secure a settlement of
the questions at Issue between the
draymen /and teamsters' on the
basis; of ' the ] agreement articles
ed To With : Modifications
Federation May Be Acced-
Conditions- of City Front
MERCHANTS ASK
THAT DRAYMEN
ACCEPT TERMS
SIERRA - SAILS - WITH i FULL
COMPLEMENT; OF FREIGHT
AND PASSENGERS.
By way of hastening things, however,
the executive board of - the federation
adopted, at its afternoon meeting, a reso
lution to the effect that "all requests for
concessions In favor of any organization
or employer of inen in, the district falling
fcnder the jurisdiction of the City Front
Federation must be submitted to the ex-
Strikers Organize Patrol.
The City Front Federation held action
on many plans in abeyance in the belief
that the end of the strike was at hand.
The leaders decided that no other unions
should be called out unless present nego
tiations should not prove successful.
"Negotiations are on foot," continued
Mr. Furuseth. "that may be expected to
bring results that will be highly gratify
ing to all who regret to see labor and cap
ital, at war. The end will not come to
night.'" but the outlook for peace is
bright."
Andrew Furuseth. secretary of the Sail
ors' Union, said late In the afternoon that
a. day or two should bring a solution of
the problem.
Mayor Phelan said last night that the
situation seemed much more hopeful than
at any other time since the general strike
was declared. Leading merchants,- he
eaid. who desired that for the present
their names be withheld, were co-operat
ing with him to secure careful considera
tion of all phases of the question and to
bring employer and employe to an under
standing of each other's attitude. '
Foraseth. Looks for Results.
FORCES are at -work to bring about
an early settlement of the con
test between the Employers' As
sociation and the City Front Fed
eration and there is prospect of
an end. being put to the strike soon, pes
sibly to-day. Labor leaders and prom
inent merchants are alike hopeful that
to-morrow at the latest will see peace re
stored and that on Monday the striking
worklngmen will return to their former
employment.
Mayor Phelan has In his possession a
letter from the City Front Federation
asking for more light upon some features
of the terms of peace upon which the
employers insist. - This letter will be laid
before the Employers' Association this
morning. Numerous conferences will be
held during the day and men of all classes
¦will be bitterly disappointed if by night
fall a better understanding between the
two parties to the local Industrial war Is
not had.
The Brotherhood of Teamsters, In
fluenced by the general opinion that the
end of the strike is near and persuaded,
as well, by merchants who are trying to
effect a settlement of .the controversy,
prepared yesterday a draft of an agree
ment to which they would bind them
selves. This was done In anticipation of
a possible request from the Draymen's
Association that such an agreement be
presented. Michael Casey, business agent
of the brotherhood, said last night that
euch request had not been made as yet
and that until It was the agreement,
drafted by the union would not be made
public
Teamsters Draft Agreement
That May Be Submitted to
the Draymen's Association
Belief Is Growing That the
Strikers Will Be, Back at
Work Monday at the Latest
THIS DAY MAY
SEE THE END
OF STRUGGLE
Continued on Page Tvro.
>: Continued on Page" Two/.
Continued on, Page Two.
j . At: the meeting, "of ; the Brotherhood of
Teamsters' held last night at the Turk
street" Temple a telegram was received
from International Secretary George Inns
of ; Detroit, i conveying \ tha "¦; information
.that '/, the /International Brotherhood is
ready r; to provide financial support for, the
striking teamsters in this'city. The team
sters, will not fori the present avail them
selves i of * the offer of the " international
Financial Aid for Teamsters.
ship company with inquiries as to the
probable date of sailing/The same answer
was given to all. They, were told to come'
to the Pacific-street dock yesterday morn-
Ing as the Sierra would sail at her usual
time. They were informed also that she
would leave with a full cargo, and that
there would be no danger of any of their
baggage being left behind.
Even this failed to convince the passen-*
gers and when they assembled on the
dock yesterday morning many of them
thought they .would have to return to
their hotels. They saw the wharf covered
with "freight and gangs of men working
like beavers getting it aboard the vessel.
The men were a nondescript lot and few
among them had any knowledge of - the
work of the longshoremen. They had been
brought from all sections of \ the city and
though many of theni were light, slender
fellows, totally unfit to perform the la
borious duties of a dock hand, they ac
complished the . task given them and at
9:30 a. m. their leaders announced that
the last box of freight -was in the slings/
The passengers gathered aft on the
steamship and watched the final prepara
tions of the officers. . At 10 o'clock the
word .was passed to get'readyl to cast off
the lines. The mail was not aboard, how
ever, and until this arrived the ship could
not leave. It was not a long delay, for at
10:20 the Sierra pulled out into, the stream.'
Hawaiians Sing a ; Fare Veil."
A pretty sight was presented as the ves
sel left the wharf. The dock was
thronged with friends of the ', passengers;
I ' am Instructed by the directors of the Em
ployers''Association to advise you that in their
opinion a lasting -settlement of . the present
controversy." can ' be effected upon - th« tenr.a
set forth "• In tho Above Btatement If tho repre
sentatives of the labor union are Blnoerely de
sirous of - peace. 'tS3@9£9BH
: Mayor Phelan gave out yesterday m/»rn
ing the full text of. the -letter written by
M.>F. Michael, attorney for the Employ
ers',: Association, in reply to the terms of
peace submitted Wednesday by the City
Front Federation. The letter concludes,
after Quoting. the "letter of July J*>," as
follows:'
. ..The. industrial. conciliation 1 committee of
the Municipal, League .., was also active
yesterday; in? seeking to bring about the
desired ; peace. ~ As. in the case of other
conferences, no statements, were given
out. 'The members of the -committee.' as
well. as prominent merchants of the city,
apparently believe that most can be ac
complished at- present by working- upon '
individual employers who are Influential
in the association. . ¦'. . >':-'
Front Federation. He will submit it to
the employers, this morning.-, ,:
v\Mayor Phelan was, unable to get the ex
ecutive" committee^ of the ' Employers*. ' As-^
•soclatlon together in meeting-, after, he re
ceived the ¦ letter - submitted by' the City
NEGOTIATIONS looking toward '
the adjustment of existing , local
/.labor difficulties did not progress
very .rapidly yesterday, and yet
; "...'.' the results were most gratifying
to those who have Interested themselves
In 'the effort to bring about an agreement
between ¦ employers and • employes. 'Con
ferences were numerous,.. but there : was
no attempt to^ bring together the two par
' ties to | the contest," and/ in fact, ' no ] move
.whatever was made ; by the " Employers'
Association, i Individual merchants, how
ever,'were active' in trying to bridge- the
¦¦chasm.; ' '__' ! : ,\ '. ¦• ; •*. J.'' ' :
\ The executive council of the City Front
Federation : was in session morning, after
noon-and-evening.': The most ; Important
result attained was embodied in^another
letter to Mayor Phelan. : This was drafted
at ¦ the afternoon' session and ' was ; sent . to
i the Mayor> late >. in . the !. afternoon. ; The
contents were; riot made public, but : it is
known that the labor leaders ask that the
Employers' Association elucidate some \ of
its "contentions. ' • They 'do not : understand 1
[the 'import' of some parts of the first re
'plyjmade by the i association; to the,propo
sition made ; by. the federation as a- basis
of settlement", 'and to ' which reference has
been' since'/made". as-the "letter'-of j July
29.";' In order , to '¦ be 'sure; of ; their, ground
.the labor leaders afik for fuller statements
of certain points.: :,,; . '
Frequent Conferences Held ; During the Day and Labor
"Leaders Ask for Enlightenment onSome Points of the
' Terms of Peace Submitted- by Employers'- Association
PROGRESS OF THE NEGOTIATIONS
TO AVERT CONTINUANCE OF STRIKE
STEAMSHIP SIERRA SAILS WITH
ALL THE FREIGHT SHE CAN CARRY
The people who were booked for passage
on the Sierra feared that they wo^ld ; be
compelled to remain here for an indefinite
'time and besieged the* office of .the steam
.-..:¦¦> > .-.¦;¦ -.¦>,.. .
Passengers Were Anxious.
The owners of the vessel were not dis
mayed,, however. They had resources of
which the ; strikers knew nothing, and
while -the. owners of other vessels har
assed by the same difficulties were fran
tically running up and down the water
front searching for men and boys . the
Oceanic people went quietly to work and
before the strike. was on a half day had
secured help enough to assure them that
the Sierra would clear on time.
The sailing of the Sierra marked an
epoch in the strike. When the longshore
men walked out they left hundreds of tons
of freight on the dock. To procure men to
handle and properly stow the thousands
of boxes of merchandise seemed an im
possibility. Difficulty after difficulty pre
sented Itself and the sailing of the
steamer for Australia on time seemed ab
solutely, impossible.
pp-rr^HE first real victory of the ship
I ' owners since the inception of the
I strike on the water front was
**¦*" scored by the Oceanic Steamship
.• .V Company yesterday when the'
Sierra, loaded to the gunwales with
freight, with every cabin and. berth oc
cupied, pulled away from the Pacific
street dock only twenty minutes after the
time set for her departure. The slight de
lay was caused by failure of the postal
authorities to get the British mail on
board the vessel in time. *
Vessel Leaves Her Dock Only Twenty Minutes Late Despite
the Difficulties Under Which Her Cargo Was Handled,
the Delay Being Caused by Non- Arrival of British Mails
sf^ I* TTLDEN. president of the
1 /^ Overland "Freight Transfer
Vy jl Company, addressed a letter
& to Customs Collector Stratton
: '. 1 ' yesterday, . calling his attention
to the fact that repeated assaults have
been made upon inspectors of customs re
cently appointed for temporary duty la
moving' bonded freight In San Francisco.
The following are abstracts from the let
ter:
On Thursday evening:, July 25. four 'United
States Inspectors, while going to dinner, -were
assaulted by a large mob at the corner or Fifth
and Bryant streets and several of them were
severely beaten' and bruised, and the mob re
peatedly threatened . to kill them, and the mob
was restrained only .by the display of pistols.
On - Friday morning. * July. 26, another United
States Inspector, -, named . Block. ' was assaulted
and beaten In the » street by' -an Irresponsible
mob. - On Saturday, .July •¦ 27. another TJnlted
States Inspector 'named. Fortje- was assaulted
and ' roughly handled, ¦ and | he had also been
pulled 'off- from hi3 team on the day before, and
the mob had . then threatened to Kill him. and
again on Monday, he and .various other Inspec
tors were threatened with • violence. On Tues
day, July 30, 'United States Inspector Just was
assaulted and beaten by a mob.
On Wednesday, July 81, another Inspector
named Peart, while going to hla work, was as
saulted on. the public street at' the corner of
Fourth and JBryant streets, San Francisco, and
was knocked Insensible and badly beaten. Re
peated threats had been made to take his life.
Durlnsr the past ten days at numerous times
and 'places various United States Inspectors en
gaged In handling bonded • roods have been ,
threatened with violence and , tho mob has re
peatedly Interfered with and seriously Impeded
th« progress ' of : Government 'work. Aa ¦utter
disregard of the Authority of the Unltsd States
has been shown In this behalf; that all tha In
spectors 'assaulted and beaten ' wore In s> con
spicuous place & badge showing that they wera
United States Inspectors and they were known
to ba such by their assailants, _ but that such
assaults have been made In willful disregard of
all law. and In order to prevent the said In
spectors from performing the duties of their
office.
These facts are respectfully . called to your
attention in order that the officers and agents
of the United States may be accorded full and.
complete protection In the discharge of their
duties. Tours respectfully, C. 1* TTLDEN'.
Special Deputy Hamilton, In the ab
sence of the Collector, addressed the fol
lowing to United States Attorney Marshall
B."Woodworth: ' •
- Under 'authority conferred upon the Collec
tors of Customs by law, I have appointed the
drivers of the United Statea Drayman tempo
rary Inspectors of customs, without compensa
tion ' from ' the Government, !n order that they
might have Government protection. I reported
to the deoartment that the strikers were in
terfering with the Inspectors, whereupon I was
Instructed to report the matter to you, I now
Inclose a letter from the Drayman notifying me
of several cases of Interference with hla men
thus constituted Inspectors, and I have to re
quest that you take measures to ascertain who
the parties were from Mr. Tllden and then
prosecute them under section 5447 for Interfer
ing with customs of floers In the discharge of
their duties, tf^Sr
United /.States Attorney Woodworth.
thereupon issued several "John Doe" war
rants, which will be served on the first
opportunity; The penalty for interfering
with customs inspectors la a fine ranging
from $100 to.$2C00t or imprisonment of one
year, or both such fine and imprisonment.
Incases where deadly weapons ara dis
play ed or ¦ otherwise used, the penalty . la
imprisonment for ten years at hard labor.
UnitetJ States Attorney Em
• powers Temporary Em
ployes to.Arrest Offenders
Interference With Federal
Draymen Is Punishable by
. a Fine and Imprisonment
GOVERNMENT
WILL PROTECT
INSPECTORS
VOLUME XC— NO. 63.
PRICE FIYE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, /FRIDAY,, ! AUGUST, 2, 1901.
LABOR LEADERS AND EMPLOYERS SANGUINE OF EARLY SETTLEMENT
OF DIFFICULTY AND A RETURN OF INDUSTRY TO NORMAL CONDITIONS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.PHOTOGRAPHS OF THE TRUCK WHICH AN AMATEUR TEAMSTER
DROVE, IN FRONT OF A SWITCH ENGINE IN THE SOUTHERN PA
• CIFIC YARDS, AT SIXTH AND TOWNSEND STREETS.
¦;. It is. estimated 1 that . one ..cro.w, will de-;
stroy ¦ 700,000 insects every year. • , '
.: The stupid policy of 'hunters' in ; South
Africa. has led to the almost total destruc
tion of a host of wild animals— the quaggai
Union Sends Agent to S&n Diejro.
¦SAN DIEGO, Aug. 1.— G. H. Labrego
vitch, representing several labor unions of
San . Francisco^ * arrived here this after
noon for the purpose of .doing missionary
work . among. . longshoremen - to prevent
their accepting offers to -take' the places
of strikers in San Francisco. - s&lijEasaa
Pictures of Chinatown,
The Cliff House, Golden Gate Park and
innumerable beautiful views are easily
within reach of the possessor of a good
camera. Vie . have the latest Premo,
Poco and Eastman makes, and carry all
the photographic novelties. Sanborn, "Van
& Co., 741 Market street. . •
: "Moran , Brothers at Seattle, .with --'a
strike on involving all ironworkers, have
been awarded a -Government contract,
while .men -on the Government work at
Bremerton. have. been" laid off on account
of lack of j work. '/A member of the Metal
Trades' ; "Association here made a state
ment before ¦ witnesses thatr.the, associa
; tlon : has - v influence • i with : the administra
tion,- and that influence has brought about
change/in plans. - : v "*•¦ •-. •' •¦.«'.'
rTACOMA ; MACHINISTS 1 UNION."
Machinists Cgmplain to McKinley.
• TACOMA; .Wash.,; Aug. l.-r-The Tacoma
Machinists'. Union sent the following tele
gram >td~"Presidenf McKlnley: * •
-Manuel Fuente, a Chilean who claims
to be a non-union steamship fireman, was
treated . at the Central . Emergency ; Hospi
tal "last night for a number of contused
wounds'' of* the face and head.- He says
that he was set upon by three strikers at
Third and Berry streets. . •
Claims Strikers Beat Him.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 1.— The local mill
owners to-day granted the demands of the
Mlir "Workers' Union ~ for an eight-hour
day. The schedule had been' nine hours.'
There is one other question to settle. That
Is the demand that none but union men
shall be employed in the mills. This is
a very busy time in the mills, as much
building is < in progress.
Mill Owners Make Concessions.
"William O'Keefe and Maurice O'Brien,
two union longshoremen,. were arrested on
East street yesterday by Officer. Fanning
a'nd charged with battery at the Central
police station. They assaulted Rafael de
Moro, a non-union longshoreman.
C. F. Blair, the teamster for H. Levi
& Co., who was -attacked by three al
leged strikers at Golden Gate avenue and
Buchanan street Tuesday morning, se
cured a warrant . yesterday from i Judge
Cabaniss for the arrest of two of the men,
whom he says, he could- recognize, * on the
charge of battery. .Blair pulled a revolver
out of hlg pocket ; to defend himself, but it
missed fire and ; the was - taken
from him. He was -knocked down,; kicked
and badly beaten- about | the face, _ head
and body. ,He Is one of the men who came
from Bakersfield. ¦ . -\; . - ;,;- v
Strikers Arrested.
SAN DIEGO, Aug. 1.— Because of the
strike conditions in San Francisco, the
steamer Belgian King may discharge all
of her San Francisco freight, about. 1100
tons, at this port. The cargo destined for
San FTancisco may be shipped by rail, and
the steamer will go direct from here to
Portland to load for England, as her char
ter to the California and Oriental line is
about .to expire. ;?gg3tgsffiBiaBB|gfrti
May Discharge at San Diego.
President "Kimball will select ; the com
mittee at his -earliest -convenience r and
: with ifc appear before \the several bodies
now-engaged In endeavoring, to .put an
end-to.the trouble between the employers
and their men. : . : ¦" %¦¦.. • •-¦". ''"•¦ . ' . -¦
Whereas, . "We are in hearty accord with the
efforts of- the v conciliation committee u«. im»
Municipal League and^ the Mayor in. their en
deavors - to effect ' ft' : comDromise - between the
Employers'. Association and the Teamsteri".
Union: be "it j • '. .. \v3H8»«Si*»0'*]t ! * i2i "r s O; -\
', Resolved,^ That' the' president- of , this fed
eration be and he is hereby, empowered to ap
point a committee of twenty representative
citizens ; from the • Mission ; to co-operate ; with
and . assist the ' conciliation committee of . the
Municipal League and the Mayor . to the end
' that peace may be I brought ' about ¦ between '. the
contending . elements : and i the . trade and ¦ bus!-"
ness of the city: restored to its usual condition.
The Federation of Mission Improvement
Clubs, after disposing of its routine busi
ness at its meeting last night at Dlck
man's Hall, San Bruno road, discussed
the strike. and its effect on the business
of San Francisco. President Frederick C.
Kimball, who spoke at some length ¦ on
the efforts of ¦, the conciliation committee
to restore harmony . between the conflict
ing parties, offered the following resolu
tion, which was adopted:
Favors Conciliatory Measures.
Harry Allen, a locomotive fireman Irving
at the Prescott House, at Paciflo and
Kearny streets, was stabbed in the abdo
men early last night by Eva Beazley dur
ing an altercation in which the woman
wag endeavoring tt» prevent him from
beating his wife.
Allen has been on a spree for some
time and has made things generally un
pleasant at his home. Mrs. Allen, .who is
in a delicate condition, went to the Beaz
ley woman's room last night and -asked
for protection, complaining that her hus
band had assaulted her. Allen followed
her Into the room and tried to renew the
assault, but was prevented. ' Soon af t»r
he commenced to attack his wife. /again
and was choking her when the Beazley
woman stabbed him with a long • narrow
dagger-like . knife which penetrated his
side for an inch or two. Allen took the
knife from his assailant and in the strug
gle cut her slightly in the thigh.
Policeman C, ' Peters called the patrol
wagon and took Allen to the hospital. The
woman was held at the central station
and her name placed on the detinue book
Dr. Bauer, who dressed Allen's wounds,
says that he is not seriously hurt.
Finds a Protector in Eva
Beazley.
Unfortunate Spouse of Harry Allen
SAN JOSE, Aug. 1.— The canneries here
are confronted with a very serious situa
tion.' The closing down of th© American
Can Company, which supplies the can
neries of they bay region, comes at. the
height of the fruit season, and local can
ners here say they must close down In a
few days .unless the can company suc
ceeds in resuming work.'
Canneries Embarrassed.
STABBED BY A WOMAN
FOB. BEATING HIS WIFE
A passing coupe was summoned, and the
Injured man placed inside. The driver had
gone but a lew feet when he discovered
that in the excitement the nuts had been
removed from the hind axle of his rig,
rendering the vehicle useless.
The injured officer -was taken from the
coupe and placed on the sidewalki until
the ambulance arrived. He was taken to
the Emergency .Hospital, where his limb
was set. He was then sent to his home •
Fanning has been a" police officer for
many years and his removal from active
duty at such an inopportune time is a loss
to the department.' f ' :
to Hospital. ¦ i
The first police officer to suffer any seri
ous Injury at the hands of the strikers
was Peter J. Fanning of the North End
station. Fanning was escorting a non
uhi«n teamster, and when near, the' corner
of Seventh and Folsom streets attempted
to disperse a mob of strikers that was
following the truck and jeering at the
driver. The officer, who was mounted,
attempted to drive the crowd back. - His
horse was thrown back on his haunches
and fell, with the policeman underneath.
The horse struggled to its feet, but the
officer laid where he had fallen. It was
found on examination that his leg had
been broken. - ¦;_.' ¦.'¦,¦
Was Called to Carry Policeman
Nuts Removed From Coupe Which
HORSE FALLS AND BREAKS
UE& OF OFFICER FANNTNQ
ecutlve board before midnight of August
2, and that no such requests made there
after shall be granted." . . •
The strike leaders have organized a pa
trol extending over the whole water front,
the I object being to take care of any - in
toxicated strikers that may be found on
the streets, to discourage tendency to riot
and to persuade the strikers to keep away
from the docks and wharves. The Sailors'
Union has sixty men in the patrol and
Other unions are represented in the ratio
of their numerical strength. The patrol is
divided into four six-hour watches and
the water front Is thus under its surveil
lance day and night. , Two officers of the
City, Front Federation are in charge, one
during the day; and the other at night.
The labor leaders say that this patrol will
effectively maintain the. peace -that, has
prevailed on the. water front since' the
strike began.
.The 'Senator praised the action of the
members of "the Pacific Coast Firemen's
Union, who remained with the firm de
spite the . order of the federation.
'.'The firemen," -said Senator Perkins,
had an agreement with our company,
and so had the ' sailors. The latter re
fused to live up to the agreement' and
walked- out. The , firemen pursued the
more honorable ¦ course and remained at
work. ; The sailors deliberately broke the
contract they entered into with our firm
only two months ago. -They really ought
to receive a percentage of the - money
which ¦!. through their, conduct Is turned
into the coffers of the railroad companies.
."The* 'members of your ,urilon,V con
tinued the Senator, "are really working
against their own- interests by behaving
as they are. [ Every cent that the railroads
receive from passengers who, though they
prefer : a trip by water to an < overland
Journey, are compelled to travel by rail
on account of the strike. 1 is taken from
the pockets . of tne strikers. ¦ They are
driving 'the trade to the railroads. They
have tied up the. vessels at ports where
the passengers can" secure transportation
by rail, and at places where it is not pos
sible • to ; get In or out except by sea they
have placed no obstacles in the way of
the shipping. 1 ' , - .:
United States Senator .Perkins' of the
firm of Goodall, Perkins & Co. and An
drew Furuseth; secretary of 'the i Sailors'
Union, held - a j conference . yesterday and
discussed the action of. the members of
the union who left the employ of the firm
on >the order of the City -Front Federa
tion. ¦:• ¦¦ . . '. :. .-; '.' 4 -. ¦ ¦ . ; - f •
Claims' That the Striking- Seamen ATe
Ruining Their Own Inter
ests.
The City Front Federation met last
night, and in a session of two hours' dura-'
tlon transacted only business of a routine
character. .The various phases of the
strike were" discussed at length, . but no
action of importance was taken.
The necessity for preserving the 'peace
along the water front was urged upon the
strikers. While It was shown that they
had conducted themselves thus far. in. the
most orderly manner and that, the
troubles of the last few days were caused
by persons who are In no way connected
with the strike, it was deemed advisable
to caution all men , affiliated with the
unions to refrain from assembling at the
front, or in any way : to manifest * feeling
against the employers in public places. ¦ ,
The Japanese Society notified the federa
tion that no Japanese would be allowed to
take the places of the strikers who are
locked out or are now. out on strike. The
sympathy of the. Japanese, \. wrote the
president of the society, was " with • the
strikers, and they would assist the union
men in every possible way, he added. •
It was definitely decided that no more
unions would be called upon to strike in
sympathy until all hope of completing the
negotiations for settlement which are now
in progress had > been abandoned.
Until Hope of- Settlement Is
; -V '-- Abandoned.
No More Unions Will Be Called Out
FRESNO, Aug. L— The new polico force
of Fresno went Into servica last night. The
force consists of thirteen men— a Chief of
Police, ten foot and two mounted patrol
men. Under the new charter the police
men are required to wear a prescribed
uniform, consisting of a long, closely but
toned coat and a nelmet. The- new rules
are drawn from the police departments of
San Francisco, San Jose and Sacramento
The men must patrol their beats constant
ly, and are forbidden to "hold conversa
tion while on duty except on business.
They must salute superiors in passing and
mounted officers must dismount to salute.
Fresno's New Police Force.
Continued From Page One.
THIS DAY MAY SEE THE END.
STOCKTON, Aug. 1.— A number of dray
horses from San Francisco arrived in
Stockton to-day by steamer to b© turned
out to pasture. This is taken here as an
indication that the owners do not look for
an early settlement of the strike at the
bay. There were also 3000 boxes of fruit
shipped to the local cannery from, thy San
Francisco canners, as it could not be han
dled there on account of the strike.
Dray Horses in Pasture.
PACIFIC GROVE, Aug. 1.— A meeting
of the Chautauqua Alumni Association
was held to-day and the graduates of yes
terday were received into its membership.
The public exercises to-day began with
the dally ''forum hour" talk, that of this
morning being, conducted by Mrs. Thomas
W. Cowan. The topic was the significance
of the emblems in the American and Brit
ish flags in their relation to. the theory
that the Anglo-Saxon race is the lost ten
tribes of Israel, or more especially that
the British and American nations are the
tribes of Ephraim and Manasseh. This
afternoon a chorus of 150 children gave a
concert under the direction of Milton .1*.
Lawrence of" San Jose. The evening ses
sion was occupied by Dr. McCllsh, presi
dent of the University of the Pacific, in
a lecture on the Yosemite Valley.
Public Exercises by Chautauqua.
PORTLAND. Aug. 1.— The - work of
transferring twenty-six salmon canneries
on Puget Sound in Alaska to the Pacific
Packing and Navigation Company was *
concluded to-datf- The following repre
sentatives of Eastern capitalists arrived
to-day to complete the transfer: Wendell »
P. Rice of New York, representing
Charles Flint; E. C. Kent of New York,
temporary president of the Pacific Pack-
Ing and Navigation Company ; T-. B. Mc-
Govern, temporary vice president; G. B.
Hanford of New York, secretary and
treasurer;- Judge Thomas A. Mo ran of
Chicago, representative «. of the Pacific-
American fisheries; E. A. Morgan, a di
rector of the Pacific-American Fisheries
Company: Morris Berger of Chicago, rep
resentative of the Illinois Title and Sav
ings Company: Ed Cornell of the firm of
Davis, Stono & Auerbach of New York.
ItMs stated that-permanent organization
will be effected, here as soon as a number
of details are completed, which will be
several days yet.
Representatives of the Eastern Capi
talists Complete the Great Deal
in, Portland.
TRANSFER CANNEBUS
TO TEE SALMON
SENATOR PERKINS SCORES
ACTION OF TJNTOKT SAILORS
ed of its spokes and the axles were bent
and broken. : The only part that escaped
destruction was the seat on which the two
men were. : - ' . - " .
Officer Armstrong was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where his injuries were
dressed. Later he was removed to his
home. ••- ,- -
• No blame for the accident Is placed on
the engineer or any of the railroad men.
In fact Nelson admitted after the collision
that the flagman had tried to prevent the
truck from crossing the track..
STRIKERS ARE URGED
J TO PRESERVE PEACE j
p*-r|^ HROUGH A.- J. -Nelson's inability
II': to properly manage a team"; of
| truck horses, he and Police Officer
11- r \VllHam Armstrong had an exceed
..-¦ lngly narrow escape last evening
from, being crushed to death beneath the
wheels of a Southern "Pacific switch .en
gine. As it was,. Officer Armstrong was
hurled violently; to the ground from, the
seat of the truck and sustained painful
injuries about the sides, back and hips.
Nelson, 'who is a non-union driver, was
more fortunate ' and escaped with a few
minor injuries. •-..••. • • - :
• The accident occurred at about 5 o'clock
near the corner of Fourth and Townsend
streets. Nelson, who has been employed
by J. B. Bocarde & Co. since the. com
mencement of the strike, as a truck
driver, had just finished unloading a quan
tity of merchandise at the Southern Pa
cific transfer sheds, and was on his' way
to the stables.- He was accompanied by
Officer Armstrong as a guard against the
strikers. When Nelson was about to cross
the railroad track at Sixth and Townsend
streets he was advised . by • Officer Arm
strong to turn a little to the' right of the
road In order to «ecape the cobble stones.
The turn necessitated the team going be
hind a small shed -before crossing the
track. While the men were riding behind
the shed they were unable to see the:
switch engine, which was rapidly speeding'
down the track, and the moment they;
emerged from behind the obstruction the.
train collided with the truck striking it
directly behind the front wheels. Both
men were Instantly hurled to the ground,
but luckily fell clear of the track. The
truck and the horses were both dragged
before the engine for fully ten feet, but
fortunately only one of the horses was
injured, and it. but slightly. ¦! •
Had the engine struck the truck a sec
ond sooner both driver and policeman
would have undoubtedly been killed. The
truck after the accident was a perfect
wreck. One wheel was completely denud-
The three teamsters say that they have
been threatened several times with bodily
Injury if they did not give up working for
Morton's Special Delivery. They had
given no heed to the threats and feared
no trouble until they were attacked. They
are not in a position to say whether their
assailants were strikers or sympathizers
merely. It Is. unlikely, In view of their
failure to recognize any member of the
attacking party, that any arrests will be
made.
. At the hour indicated Frank Thompson
and W. and I>. McAulliffe, three teamsters
In the employ of Morton's Special Deliv
ery, who live at 119A Sixth street, were
passing the corner of .' Sixth and Jessie
streets on their way home. Standing in
front of. a saloon near the corner, were a
dozen or more of strike sympathizers.
When Thompson and the McAulliffes ap
peared the supposed strikers began to
hoot and yell at them. Presently the
crowd sprang upon the three teamsters,
who sought in vain to escape the rain of
blows that fell upon them- Suddenly the
sound of a pistol was heard and W. ¦ Mc-
Aulliffe was seen to fall upon his face.
Tho crowd scattered with wondrous ra
pidity when it was apparent shooting was
the thing, but a few men picked up Mc-
Aulliffe and carried him to his lodging at
119A Sixth street, where Thompson and
the brother of the supposed wounded man
had already taken refuge.
In the meantime Policemen Crockett
and McMann and,. Detective Ryan, who
had been hastily summoned, appeared
upon the scene. They went to McAul
liffe's room, where an examination devel
oped the fact that the teamster was un
harmed, except for a slight abrasion of
the skin under the chin. McAulliffe was
unable to give any description of his as
sailants, though he believes he is able to
name one of them. He was unable to
state who flred the shot or . whether the
weapon was aimed at him or his compan
ions.
: A fracas that might have led to serious
results occurred at the corner of Sixth
and Jessie streets at 6:40 o'clock last even
ing. The sound of a. pistol shot and the
cries of, a man as if in pain cre
ated tremendous excitement and was the
means of attracting a large and excited
crowd. • -¦•...
Creates Excitement and Attracts
Great Crowd.
Small Hiot at Sixth, and Jessie Streets
SHOT FIR23> AT THBEE ° *
NOTI-XmiON TEAMSTEK3
Mulligan immediately secured s a cov
ered rig with provisions and, set out for
camp.. Goatman went to Yuma, where he
received prompt and efficient medical at
tention, recovering in a few days' time.
Mulligan could not walk the distance,
for he is a cripple. However," he struck
upon a novel plan. He proposed to float
down the Colorado River on a log. The
trip could not be -made in the night, for
the river runs rapidly and whins from
one bank to the other. ,
It was early in the morning when Mul
ligan shook his employer's hand, strad
dled his log and started. The swift cur
rent whirled him rapidly away. The log
foundered repeatedly upon a sandbar,
when the passenger would be forced to
take a ducking. At times he became too
tired to hold his position longer. Instead
of making shore for a rest, however, he
slipped into the water, and holding to the
log with one arm would swim alongside.
Thus, alternately riding and floundering
along, he finally reached Yuma thor
oughly exhausted and suffering from in
numerable blisters received during his
thrilling ride. He had fought the river
for more than six hours.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 1.— William Goat
man, a mining expert, who is back from
a trip in Arizona, is thanking his stars
and a plucky . Irishman for his escape
from the hottest spot on earth;
Goatman and James Mulligan of Yuma
were camped at .. Lagunas, . on the Col
orado River, twenty-two miles from
Yuma. "When' the grub was about 'ex
hausted : Goatman was taken desperately
ill and began to weaken fast. The tem
perature was 114 degrees at the place.
There was not a horse or -man nearer
than Yuma. The situation was serious.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
On July 23 an officer's patrol of twenty yeo
manry and some native scouts followed two
carts and a few Boers fifteen miles from the
railway at. Doom River, Orangre River Col
ony, -where they were cut oft by 20O Boers, and.
after defending- themselves in a. small building,
they surrendered when their ammunition was
exhausted. Three yeomanry were wounded.
After the surrender the Boers made the native
scouts throw up their hands and shot them
In cold blood. They afterward shot and
wounded a yeonuui. The remainder were re
leased. The Boers gave aa a reason for sh.oo.t
ingr the yeoman that they thought he was
a Cape "boy." Evidence on oath has baen
taken of the murders.
French reports that he has received a let
ter from Krltzlng-er (a Boer commander).'- an
nouncing his Intention to shoot all. natives W
British employ. ( -whether armed or unarmed.
Many casea of cold-blooded murder of natives
in Cape. Colony have. recently occurred. ._ , ;
Another dispatch from Lord' Kitchener, .
from -Pretoria, dated to-day, says;
LONDON, Aug. L— A dispatch from
Lord Kitchener, dated Pretoria, to-day,
says: ;C_"P
Yuma Man Whirls Down
the Colorado River
on a Log.
Show No Mercy to Those
Who Are in the Em
ploy of the British.
BOERS KILLING
NATIVE SCOUTS
¦ The Alaska. Commercial Company made
, application -yesterday . to the. City Front
Federation for permission to get the load
ing of the Conemaugh; which is under
charter to the North American. Commer
cial Company, with . which the Alaska
Company is affiliated, done by union
hands. The members of the firm, in sup
port of their application,- claim that they
have always employed . union men and
have always been stanch supporters of
the federation. The •• matter will be
brought before the federation at Its meet
ing to-night. . - .. ..-".'
Over at the Broadway" dock "the steam
ers Umatilla, Santa Rosa and Corona are
tied up. A few men are engaged in un
loading the Umatilla; but not a tap of
work nas been done on the other two
vessels. It is not expected that any of
these vessels will be able to make its next
trip as per schedule. •- «... ..
Tom Crowley was sent to. Sausalito yes
terday to bring over twenty men to un
load the steam schooner Robert Dollar,
which is lying at Mission Flats. The men
were at the Sausalito dock when Crowley
arrived In his launch, but informed the
boatman that they had concluded ; that
they •werft better off in Sausalito. ,: .
The transport .Kilpatrlck cleared from
the transport dock early yesterday morn
ing. The loading^of the transport was ac
complished without any difficulty and her
departure was not accompanied by any
particular feature. The Meade is sched
uled to sail on the 15th inst. It is not ex
pected .that there - will be any difficulty
encountered in preparing her for^ea. :-** :
Conemaugh. Still at Wharf.
The first sailing vessel to get out of the
port with a non-union crew was the bark
Gerard C. Tobey. which sailed yesterday
morning, fully manned, for Honolulu. The
crew of the brig Consuelo. which sailed
"Wednesday, refused to go out on the or
der of the City Front Federation and in
consequence her master had no difficulty
In' leaving:.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company
was unable to get the State of California,
which was scheduled to sail to-day for
San Diego and way ports, ready for sea.
The passengers who had secured passage
on the vessel were refunded their passage
money and most of them went south by
rail. ' ' . .
The officers of the steamship Cone
maugh, which Is booked for a trip to
Nome, are having a hard time getting
their vessel ready for sea. The steamship
was to have sailed Wednesday, but it
•will probably - be' next week before she
gets away. The -anicers of the Pennsylva
nia, Indiana and Ohio are' working with
them, but they have such a poor lot of
longshoremen • tnat - they - accomplish but
little. ? - -, , - .-...-¦ ...
Bark G. C. Tobey Clears.
For Honolulu— R. L. Anderson. J. C. Baird.
IV. A, Bowen. Mrs. Bowen. Miss E. Bowen.
Master Bowen, Mrs. P. Boyd. . O. " XV. Brasch,
MV TV". Bristol, Mrs. Bristol, W. E.^ Butler.
Mrs. Herj-y Castle. Miss Castle. Miss E. M.
Caywood. Ml=s A. Clawson, Miss L. Clawson.
H. Congdon, Mrs. R. C. K. Davison, L. M.
Elshemua. John Ena, Mrs. £n>, J. W. Erwin.
J. A. Fleming. Mrs. W. Foster, E.'S. Gill. "VV.
J Guinnane, Miss F. Guinnane... Mjs. Haalelea.
B.. Hawxhurst Jr.. A. Herbert. Mrs. Herbert,
"ft" G Hyman, Mrs. F. Keating. Miss M.
Kelly Sirs. K J. Kruger. two children and
icald; Miss Kruger. Mrs. E. Lahee. J. Lead
ingnam, Airs. Leadingham and four children,
Miss Leadingham. Master Leadingham, Dr. M.
A Mendes de Leon. C. A. Long. G. \V. Lubke.
Mrs. Lubke. .Master Lubke. Miss M. E. Ly-
TT-.gTi Mrs J A Magocn and three children,
G. F Marshall Mrs. IX <i. May. K. T. McCoy,
J. P." McCoy. Captain Merry. Mrs. - C- H. Mil
ler and two sons. Miss Bertha Moores, Hrs.
P. ilosher T. A. Petters. F. E: Perry, Mrs.
C. F. Pond, W. T. Rawlins, Mrs. "Basil Rick
etts and maid, T. E. Robinson. C. . du Rot, ;
.Tames Roiph Jr., Mrs. Roth and child. Miss
Jtoth. Hiss M. Russell, Mrs. S. E. Saddlemlre,
M M. Scott, T. S. Sedg-wick. C. M. Semptch,
D.' Shine. C. H. D. Smith, Miss M. Smith,
Miss T B. Smith. Miss Smith. J. F. Soper.
G B. Sturgeon, E. R. Swain. W. Takeuchl,
C' Taylor. Mrs. "Siyior and child. C. H. Teaff,
E Van Sender, Treorse S. Waterhouse, Mrs.
Waterhouse, H. M. Whitney. C. H. WIlcox,
Mies L E. Wlleox. - J. K. Wilson Mrs.- A.
Yeager. Miss Teager, Master l eager.
¦ For Auckland— Dr. E. Buckeridge. Vv . Cro
zier George P." Gamble, Mrs. Gamble. Phil j
Myers Mrs Myers, \S". Kelson. Mrs. : XeUpn, ,
Miss H. XelEcn, Jj. Nelson, S. Scott, F. J.
Vhltby.
For Sydney— J. F. Bacyertz. T\ . K. Bower
•man Mrs. Eoircrman,' -A. . B. Coombes, B.- J.
Cureton YT. A. Henderson. - Miss Fanny Lutti-
Vem Charles Matthews, ! W: McAValter. Gerald
ce Mercado. J. W Parker, Mrs. Parker. L.
J'etersen W M" Saunters, Mrs. Saunders,.C.
M Smith. L M- Smith," W. •VTilliamEen, H.
V.-ollennan. Dr. C. J. H. "Wray. B. H. Wueb-
To join at Honolulu for Sydney—I^-'KItzjar
rcll, E. Mllderberger.
City of Sydney Tied Up.
The Citycf Sydney, which arrived yes
terday rrforniEg from Central American
ports, anchored off the Hail dock and re
mained there for several hours. Her pas
sengers, of whom there were a large num
ber, were sent ashore on the tug Millen
GriSth. Late in the afternoon she .*as
riven a berth at tl:e dock, where she will
Teiriain for some tine, as there is very
Irttle chance of securing- men to unload
her Superintendent of the Dock Ander
sen tramped the vrater front from the
Hail dock to Meiggs wharf several -times
during the day searching for men.- tils
success was not flattering and he was
forced to the conclusion that:the-unload
ing- of the vessel -would be a mattej>or
great difficulty. The cargo consists main
ly of coffee. "
The loading of the Coptic, which is
scheduled to sail to-day, is progressing
slowly. The freight is being handled by
the Chinese crews of the Mall steamers
and they are not a success as longshore
men. The officers of the vessel have
awakened to the fact that to get their
ship out en time requires herculean er
forts and they now take off their coats
and assist the Orientals. The Coptic will
probably be able to €ail late this after-
About the only place on the water front
where the freight is congested Is at the
Mai'* dock. Most of the freight that was
brought in on the Coptic is still on the
dock and teamsters are adding to the im
mense pile every minute. Until this
freight is cleared away there vrill be no
attempt made to unload the City of Syd
ney or the America Maru, both of whlcn
liave full loads.
Those who 6ailed on the Sierra were:
IVTany Passengers on Board.
•who bad assembled to wish them bbn
voyage. A number of Honolulu ladies,
each of v.hoin wore a "lal, were
gathered In a knot on the upper deck of
the Sierra. As the ship gained headway
they started to sing the songs of their
island home, accompanying the music by
a graceful waving of arms. The crowd on
the dock responded with vigorous hand
clappiacs.
Inasmuch as the. Mayor, has given his as
sent to this plan as the wisest one that
could be advanced for a speedy solution
of the trouble, certain local merchants
yesterday urged upon the Draymen's As
sociation to treat with the striking team
sters with a view to securing, a settle
ment. While the matter has not been for
iiidJly brought to the attention of the as
sociation as a body, it is known that some
of the directors favor the plan 'proposed.
The only block that presents
Itself is the re-employment of- all the
striking teamsters: The draymen 1 refuse
their assent to this condition, • but they
say they afe willing: to take back all but
a dozen or so of the men. ? If . the federa
tion is willing to concede the right of the
draymen to take back only such of 4he
strikers as they may see fit to employ, it
is argued that the strike will be Quickly
settled.. The members of .the association
say the settlement" of the strike now rests
with the teamsters themselves.- Should
they settle their differences with the asso- '
ciation on a satisfactory basis the sym
pathetic strike of the City Front Federa
tion would be declared off. -
. On the other hand, the members of the
federation say that to yield the privilege
to the draymen to take back only those
of the strikers their judgment may dic
tate would virtually mean a confession
of weakness on the part of the employes.
This being generally accepted as true, the
influence and power, of the unions would
be practically destroyed, and the objects
of the strike entirely subverted. The
strikers are unwilling to yield what they
declare : to be a vital point as far. as
they are concerned, and unless this condi
tion is materially modified., a settlement
on the lines proposed is hardly looked for
In the near future.;;--; 1 • ? K"--i--" t
; It-is thoughf.."tBa.t* 'a. conference 'of the
draymen and -teamsters will be held to
day" at which the objectionable condition
I will be discussed.
trouble. On the other hand, the federation
agrees that any member who is employed
in any capacity shall obey all orders given
to him concerning the work to be per
formed. Should "any difficulty arise be
tween the employe and his employer, it is
agreed that no lockout or strike shall re
sult until all parties in Interest shall have
done all in their power to adjust their dif
ficulties.
Continued Prom Page One.
Continued From Page One.
BRAVES PERIL
FOR COMPANION
The unjon yesterday detailed about 250
business » agents and scouts armed with
proper credentials to order out any mem
bers who have thus far failed to obey the.
order to strike." .It being the first of the
month yesterday, and many having de
ferred walking out until the close of July,
the number of the strikers was consider
ably augmented during the day. ' It is be
lieved that fully 100 men went on strike
yesterday. - .< \- * *- ¦
The facility with which the merchants
fill the places of the strikers has ; caused
many of the porters and packers to waver
in their determination to stand by ¦ the
union. To further aggravate the situation
as far as the union strikers are concerned
a report was circulated during the day
that the strike had been settled and that
the porters and packers were falling over
one another In their efforts to get back
Business Ag-ents Detailed.
At the present time some 1400 porters,
packers and warehouseman are on strike.
While all of these have not registered at
headquarters as • directed, the most of
them have done so. It Is estimated by the
union offlcials-that fully 1800 members are
out and that the majority of the remain
ing membership will, be out by to-mor
row. Sinee the strike began, sixty resig
nations fronv the .union' have been- re
ceived. Of that number, about fifteen were
subsequently withdrawn.
.Notwithstanding reports that a settle
ment of the strike may ' be . expected to
come at any moment, ' walkouts are con
stantly taking, place. In , addition to ten
men who walked out* of the glass works
at Harrison and Fifteenth .streets on
Tuesday, five. went out yesterday. Twelve
non-union employes of the American Can
Company also walked out. during the day,
and gave notice of intention 'to Join the
union .without delay. Their applications
will be acted upon to-night.
dreds, of the strikers visited the
union headquarters during the day, the
scene was a-qulet one. That the men are
determined in their fight is manifest by
the earnestness they display in following
every detail of the movement in which
they are'engaged. . ' . .
ps-npdHERE was little excitement about
I the headquarters of the Sorters,
1 Packers and Warehousemen's
XL Union yesterday." "Although hun-
STEAMSHIP SIERRA SAILS,
p^yj HB threatened coal famine - is
« II causing: considerable uneasiness
II. among the merchants. and. manu-
H facturers. The leaders of the
strike recognize the indlspensabil
lty of coal and are concentrating- their
efforts to prevent its transportation from
the colliers to the wharves, or from the
bunkers of the wholesale merchants to
the factories. So great Is the strike lead
ers' desire to cause a scarcity of coal that
permission has' even been refused union
factories to haul it for their own use.
Every effort that was made yesterday
by the merchants to remove coal from
the colliers was successfully combated.
Not a single longshoreman, except where
the strongest police protection was af
forded, would work. The merchants state
that the real flght in the coal controversy
will not take place until next week. Then
Jt Is expected, if the Etrike continues, that
in some quarters the scarcity will be no
ticeable, and then, too," the big colliers
f rcm British Columbia are scheduled to
arrive. The merchants fear not so much
for private families, as It is believed they
can be easily cared for with the supply
which is now on hand; but in the case of
the big factories, which consume thou
f-anfis of tons each week, it is different.
MERCHANTS ASK THE DRAYMEN
Even If the coal . does-- arrive: in great
quantities, and"even~I£'men are secured
to unload it on the wharves, It is feared
that teamsters cannot be procured to haul
a sufficient supply to the big: factories.
Teamsters can \ only be induced to work
when a strong police guard is offered, and
already the entire available police force
is engaged In protecting drivers on trucks
and. express wagons. -The merchants, are
at a loss to know where they will obtain
protection for their coal carts.
it was rumored when the possibility of
a coal famine. first became evident that
It was the intention of the strikers to in
jure the canneries," But this rumor proved
to be without foundation, as all the can
neries are equipped with oil furnaces and
use pil entirely. The oil is transported to,
the city and In moot instances to the
doors of the factory on the cars, ana no
tie-up in that direction is expected in the
immediate future.- :.-¦-. . . •
The report which was industriously! cir
culated yesterday to the effect that the
merchants are preparing to seek the aid
of the Employers' Association in prevent
ing the coal famine was denied last night
by John Kosenfeld. He said the dealers
would depend on the supply now in their
bunkers as long as possible and that they
expected before it was exhausted to be
able to secure coal from the Incoming col
liers. ."-*,¦- * . - .
into their old places. The report was gen
erally believed and some excitement re
sulted. Business Agent Loughery of the
union vehemently denied the rumors that
-were in circulation, and assured the men
that the strike was still on. . ¦
In discussing the situation yesterday
Mr. Loughery said: - -
"The strike of the porters, packers «""!
warehousemen is doing nicely. -The great
er number of our membership is out ana
fully determined to flght to the bitter end.
It is a noticeable fact that the most de
termined strikers are men of family,
while the lukewarm are single men with
out any one depending upon them for sup
port. Of the number of porters and pack
ers who are still at their work, 90 per cent
are unmarried men.
Married Men Determined.
"The married men realize that they have
their all at stake, and they are the ones
¦who are fighting 1 the bosses hardest.
withstanding that .there are some mem
bers -of the union who are holding out
against orders to quit work, the response
to- date has been more than gratifying.
There will be no backdo-tf-n this time. The
merchants who are filling the places o£
strikers with scab laborers are already be
ginning to weaken. They know that they
cannot get along well without the men
who are acquainted with all the details
of : their, business. This thing of ' breaking
in new crews is not only laborious but ex
pensive. . I look for the merchants and
wholesalers to call it off before the ex
piration of three days. If they were will
ing-, to recognize the right of their em
ployes to Join unions, the trouble -would
end immediately. We are anxious to set
tle on those terms at once." ?
The officials of the union have cautioned
all members to refrain from assembling In
crowds or gathering along ' the water
front. Sign3 bearing this request have
been tacked to the walla at headquarters,
and all strikers are asked to do all in
their power to preserve the peace. The
strikers claim that they have at no time
been the aggressors in the recent troubles,
and they shift the blame to the police,
who. they say, are entirely too willing to
use their clubs on the slightest provoca
tion. The porters, packers and ware
housemen are unanimous in declaring for
a peaceful adjustment of the present dif
ficulty, and they say that any member of
that . organization who provokes trouble
by any overt act will be | severely dealt
with-. ¦ . •': .* -.:•;• 'i-.-
Merchants Expect Colliers to Arrive With Abundant Supply
of Coal but Fear That Refusal of Stevedores and Team
sters to Handle Cargoes May Prevent It Reaching Patrons
More Than 1400 of a Union Membership of About 2000 Are
Out, With Chances in Favor of Many More Quitting To-
Day, Though False Reports Cause Wavering in Ranks
POSSIBLE COAL FAMINE THE MOST
SERIOUS PROBLEM OF THE STRIKE
PORTERS AND PACKERS SAY THEY
WILL WIN IF STRIKE CONTINUES
THIRD DAY OF THE STRIKE BRINGS A PROPHECY OF PEACE
' • . " ¦ . /• ; -.; . ¦-." ..¦-¦':, ¦¦¦ :"•¦• ¦¦.••¦•• ¦ ¦". ... ¦ - -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, AUGUST 2, 1901.
Chapter of Minor Accidents and Collisions Between Strikers and Non-Union Men in What
- Is Now Regarded as the 'Danger- District; of- the :; Oity;*TogetherV With -the Attempted
Shooting "of a Teamster, Render Third Day of the Big Strike Somewhat Exciting
SWITCH ENGINE WRECKS A TRUCK IN RAILROAD
YARD AND POLICE OFFICER RECEIVES INJURIES
2NEW YORK, Aug. L— Senor. E. Gon
zaJes Esteres, Consul General for Vene
zuela in New York, received to-day a
cable message from' President Castro,
which read': "Five thousand men left of
the Colombian inroad completely outbat
tled and defeated in San Cristobal.
"CASTRO, President. ,
Castro Claims Victory.
In consequence of the resignation of
Senor Pulido, it Is feared that President
Castro of "Venezuela, as he proposed to
the Cabinet, will declare war against Co
lombia, notwithstanding public opinion is
against such a move. It is feared that se
rious complications will follow the pres
ent situation. . . ¦ •¦ . ' '¦¦•¦-
: The resignation of the War Minister has
caysed a profound impression here. The
situation is more critical. The Govern
ment troops have been defeated In their
first encounter with the rebels near San
Cristobal. Other uprisings are taking
place in the interior of the country. Senor
Guerrera succeeds Senor Pulido as Min
ister of War. '
claims, but insists that they are revolu
tionists. * ' . ¦
Boa-Mots
That make social correspondence brilliant
should be written on "smart" 'writing- pa
per. Our "Peau d'AntllopeV' ,' '.'Carrara
Jtarmor'l and "Linen Lawn" are all the
voyue. Get the new sizes at Sanborn &'
yail's,_741 Market street. - •
SAN JOSE.. Aug. 1.— An automobile sys
tem radiating from San Jose to Los Gatos,
Alvlso, Alum 'Rock- Park and other^ points
will' be established^ here .within lthe T next
few weeks. Five machines carrying: from
nine to ' twelve " passengers ¦ each ¦ are > ex
pected to arrive within ten days. The pro
moters are ; San : Francisco and ; San Jose
men who as yet refuse - to permit ; their
names to be used. . - " .
Automobile ' System in > San. Jose.
SEATTLE. 'Aug. .l.-^The, wreck of- the
Charles D. Lane Is assigned a cause by
local marine men which, may lead to a
revision of the „ Alaskan charts on the
northwest ccast. It is; claimed that the
west coast of ; , Nunivak ; Island on ' which
the 1 Lane struck is not properly placed- on
the latest charts. The claim is made that
this coast is, according to the charts of
the- United . States Government, seven
miles farther east than it really, lies.
Errors in Northern Charts.
SPRINGFIELD, Mass., ; Aug. 1.— Joseph
F. Fulton of Brooklyn to-night cut.. the
two-mile ¦ amateur - bicycle record of
3:24 2-5. held by Leander pf Chicago, to
3-23 He als6 lowered the seven-mile fee-,
ord from 11:51 3-5, held byDuer, to 11:51.
Fulton Cuts Records.
C. Boner's Wild Ncra vs. W. Cairns' Im
perial; P. Jackson's lioaos Bright vs. W.
Cramer's Onward; J. O'Shsa's Golden Ruia vs.
J. J. Edmond's Whisky Hill; 3. Dempsey's
Jingle Bells vs. J. McNeil's Black Hawk} J. I.
O'Brien's Statesman vs. James Hurley's, Oram
ercy; J. Dean's Warco vs. P. ReiUy'a Cas
cade; J. Woods' Cliff Wilson vs. P. Jackson's
Golden Russet;. F. Mofan's Gold Dollar vs.
M. Kiernan's Mary Ann; J. Cairns' Greenhall
vs. P. Brophy's Benicia Boy; P. StamhofTs
Veto vs.'.P. N. Curtis' Warpath; P. M. Clark
son's Flower of Gold vs. J. H. W. Mullens
Cruiser; E. Baumelster's Los Angeles vs. R.
Pringle's Tom Thumb; E. Baumeister's. War
rior vs. P. M. Curtis' Echo;-J. I. O'Brien' a
Wandering Tom vs. Ed Neave's Talk to Me°
R. Kay's Hawker vs. J. Kane's Master Dav
enport; A. Vanderburg's Naughty Girl vs G
G. Thuner's Gray Cloud; S. A. Smith's 'p e 
tronius vs. J. O'Shea's . Golden Age- Georee
Bharman's Chicago Boy vs. S. A.' Smith's Syl
vanus; J. Carroll's Master Clalr vs. J.- m Hal
ton's May HempEtead; G. Englehart's • Lexing
ton vs. H. Lynch's Lilac; Pasha Kennels' Ran
dom Aim vs». George Sharman's St Ives- Paohn
Kennels' Rollicking Airs vs. J. Perry's Com
modore Nash; J. Holten's Scottish Chief vs
James Hurley's O K Capitol; O. Zahl's Miss
Wilson vs. D. Toland's Twilight Jr • E
Neave's Strayaway vs. E. D. Fallon's New
York Boy; F. ' Schou's Nora . Lawrence ¦ vs D
Toland's Pleasant Girl ; J. ¦ Holden's Jessica vs*
F. Mack's Delia M; J. Maher's Emma M vs''
P. Rellly's Lady Granard; W. Cairns' Gold
Ore vs. U. Burk's- Night Time; J. Carroll's
Auckland vs. P. Jolly's Little May P C
Blick's Yellowtall vs. ¦ B*. Schou's King's Bor
derer: P. M. Clarksdn's ¦ Sofala vs. J. J. Ed
mond's Go On. * - ,
The Melrose Coursing Club held a draw
last night "at Foresters' Hall for a big
64-dog stake," which will be run next Sun
day at the Melrose Coursing Park. The
draw is as follows;
Sunday's Coursing Card,
Draw . Held at Foresters' Hall for
MELROSE CLUB STAKE,
NATIONAL. LEAGUE. ¦'/
CHICAGO, Aug. 1.— Waddell pitched in gTatad
form to-day, ' allowing but six hits. Attend
ance, 6000." Score!
Clubs— . H. H, E.
Chicago ¦¦¦••¦ 5 8 2
st. Louis ;;.,.;.*.:;..,"„,....._...;;:.; i e i
- Batteries— Waddell and Kahoe; Sudhoff and
Schrlver. • ;
BROOKLYN, Aug. 1.'— Pitchers cut an : im
portant figure in te-day's game, Kennedy los
ing , by his numerous bases on balls, while'
Duggrleby won by good work in the box and- at
the bat. Attendance, 3000. Score:
Clubs— , K. H. -E.
Philadelphia ,..............:... 2 i \
Brooklyn ..•;•• ; :-t 1 .7-2
Batteries— Duggicby and McFarlandj Kenne
dy and . lleGuire. .Umpire— Emslle.
BOSTON, Aug. 1.— New York broke Boston's
winning streak by taking a hard fought game
to-day. Both teamfe batted well and fielded
sharply.' Attendance; 5030. Score:
Clubs— R. H. , E.
Boston .....¦...;¦...¦ :............. 8 lJ-'.^S
New York •• ¦•• &. 13 2
- Batteries— Dlneen, Nichols ' and Kittredge;
Matthewson and Warner. Umpire— Dwyer. '
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. L— The Twin Lakes
Baptist Assembly, after a two weeks' ses
sion, came to a. close to-day. The pro
gramme this evening included a grand
concert under the direction of the Rev.
TV. C. Driver. This morning the lecture
was by the Rev. R. T. Gray, on "Pasteur
and Medical Science.' i To-morrow will see
the commencement of the annual conven
tion of the Baptist Young People's Union
yt Northern and Central California.
Twin Lakes Assembly Closes.
Milkman Injured in a Collision.
LOS. ANGELES, Aug. 1.— Richard
George, a milkman, aged- 52 . years, at
tempted to cross the Washington-street
car track about 7 o'ejock this morning in
front of an approaching car. His wagon
was struck and overturned and George
•was caught beneath the wreckage. Two
of his ribs "were broken and from the
severe hemorrhages fie has suffered It Is
believed the broken ends of the ribs pene
trated his lungs. He was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where the doctors say he
haa but a slight chance for recovery.
SAN DIKGO. Aug. 1.— Yesterday after
noon witnessed the closing of a deal which
will put an end to a ten-year wrangle be
tween the city and the water companies
by the purchase by the city of both of tht
distributing plants. The city now owns its
own distributing plant and also its own
pumping plant and supply in the San Di
ego River. It is expected, however, that
within a year the city will purchase its.
supply from the mountains, as it can be
purchased more cheaply than it can be
pumped.
Everything was arranged for the trans
fer in accordance with the contracts made
and entered into six months or more ago,
before the election, at which $500,000 in
bonds was voted for the purpose of rais
ing money to pay for the plant. A meet
ing of all concerned was held to-day at
the office of the City Treasurer. Mason
I>ewis & Co., the bon'd buyers, turned the
money Into the treasury and it was in
turn passed over to the representatives of
the water companies for the deeds to their
property. C. S. Alverson was chosen "su-^
perintendent of the water system, and al
most the whole of the clerical and labor
ing force of the San Diego Water Com
pany was for the present taken into the
employ of the city. The new < order, of
things goes into effect at midnight. •
After Ten. Years of Controversy the
Transfer of Val viable Prop- #
city Is Hade.
SAN DIEGO NOW OWNS
ITS OWN WATEB PLANT
Sexton Hartman, who had covered hun
dreds of dead bodies, was horrified, and
shouted lustily to J, S, v Wright, who had
been looking over the grave of one of his
familv. He knew his companion was dead,
but he could not bring himself to realize
it. "Then he went after a physician, but
what was needed was a coffin. John Yo
der has lived in Cripple Creek since 1892.
He has prospected some, but of late has
been digging graves for a living, and into
the one he finished this morning his body
will be placed. He was single and about
47 years. of ape.
VICTOR, Colo., Aug. 1.— John Yoder
dropped dead in Mount Pisgah Cemetery
this morning. In company with Sexton
Harry Hartman, he was just . finishing
the digging of a grave. Suddenly he cried,
"Oh, my God," and fell over on his side
and died.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Decision Closes the First
Chapter of a Celebrated
Suit.
BUTTE, Aug. L— The decision of the
Montana Supreme Court to-day in the
e&&6 of Burdett O'Connor against the An
econda Mining Company closes one chap
ter of a celebrated mining case. The
basis of the suit was a location made
April 30, 1838. by Josiah Trerise, an engi
neer, who later assigned his rights to
O'Connor and F. Augustus HeinzeJ The
ground covered by the location embraces
two small fractions, one with an area of
7-1000 of an acre, the other having'an area
cf 2-1000 of an acre. The plaintiffs claimed
Montana Supreme Court
Stops Survey of Its
Land.
Sensational Passing of
John Yoder in a
Cemetery.
DIGS A GRAVE
AND DIES IN IT
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 1.— Philadelphia won
to-day's game, in wh!ch\ both pitchers were
touched up lively. Attendance, 2S00. Score:
Clubs— . ' R. l H. E.
Boston 6 12 2
Philadelphia .:.. 8 12 2
Batteries— Cuppy and Schreck; Wlltze and
Powers.
BALTIMORE. Aue. 1— Baltimore and Wash
ington broke .even in a double-header here to
day. Tho home team mado a Garrison finish
in the first game, but in th« second Howell
was batted too freely to allow a chance, . At
tendance, 4800. Score, first game:
Clubs— ,R. H, E.
Baltimore .,,..,..,., 8 13 3
Washington 5 14 0
Batteries — McGlnnlty and Bresnahan; Gear
and Clarke. j ., .,.
. Score second game: .
Clubs— ' i R, H. E.
Baltimore ..,..,,., 4 13 5
Washington , ,.8 13 .3
Batteries— Howell and Bresnahan; Lee and
Clarke.
CHICAGO, Aug-. 1.— Chicago gave Detroit an
other whitewashing- to-day. Callahan. allowed,
only one hit. Yeager was also effective. At
tendance, 2700. Score:
Clubs— . .""Vv: •• R, H. E.
Detroit*,.', , ,,.,... 0 1 1
Chicago , 4 10 1
- BatterieB— Teager and Buelow; Callahan and
Sugden. ' ¦ ¦ • • •. ¦. ¦
; Baltimore and. "Washington Play Two
Games and Break Even.
. AMERICAN LEAGUE.
ON" EASTEKN BALL FIELDS.
he right under this location known as
he Copper Trust claim to extend their
urface boundaries 1500 feet in an easterly
ind westerly direction and 300 feet north
erly and southerly of the discovery shaft.
The effect would have been to give to the
Copper Trust claim all that portion or the
Anaconda vein south of the point of in
tersection between the east end line of
the Anaconda claim and the west end line
of the St. Lawrence claim.
Upon this theory the plaintiff brought
suit against the Anaconda Company,
seeking to recover $2,000,000 damages for
ores extracted between these planes.
Plaintiff also sought and obtained an in
junction restraining the Anaconda Com
pany from extracting any ore from the
veins or ore bodies that have their apexes
in the ground in dispute.
Judge Clancy granted an injunction, but
later vacated it. Subsequently the Judge
granted an order permitting inspection
and survey by plaintiff, for forty days, of
the underground workings of the Ana- ;
conda and several adjoining claims. The
defendant claimed this placed In the
plaintiffs' hands for forty days all the un
derground • workings of the Anaconda
Company in connection with these mines
and applied to the Supreme Court for a
writ of supervisory control commanding
that the order of survey be vacated. This
writ the Supreme Court granted to-day.
Mining men regard the decision as sig
nificant of what will. be done when the
case comes up on its merits.
political party, has resigned, after a'vio
lent scene in the iCabinet, during which
the Minister refused to accept the orders
of President Castro -o recognize the revo
lutionists In Colombia, as belligerents and
to deliver a passport to Senor Rico, the
Colombian Minister. Senor Pulido denies
that the invaders of Venezuelan territory
are Colombians, as President ; Castro
San Cristobal, the scene of the battle of
July 29, Is the capital af the State of Ta
chira, and Is one of the frontiers of Ven
ezuela In the extreme part of tho country,
only a few miles from the boundary of
Colombia. It is in the Cordillera de Mer
dida range, and in 1875 was partially de
stroyed by an earthquake. It has a pop
ulation of nearly 12,000. .
PRESIDENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF VENEZUELA. AGAINST WHOSE
UNPOPULAR. GOVERNMENT THE WHOLE COUNTRY IS RISING IN
REVOLT \ND WHOSE TROOPS STRIVE TO STEM THE OUTBREAK.
ANACONDA MINE
SCORES A POINT
Anns, ammunition and other accesso
ries of war have been quietly smuggled
into Venezuela through the waterways of
the republic, and the recent engagement
is expected to be the signal for uprisings
in several widely separated districts.
General Castro is expected to again as
sert his power as arch-dictator of Vene
zuela by placing a strict censorship on
all telegraphic dispatches from that coun
trv as well as ordering close scrutiny
of*' all mail matter passing through the
general postoffice in Caracas.
It is true that each revolution started
In Venezuela since the assumption of
power by General Castro has proved a
failure, but It would appear as If some
of the more recent uprisings which ter
minated after a few skirmishes have been
started more with the object of detract
ing the attention of the authorities from
:fte trafflc passing up on* of her several
rivers, and which has be«n practically an
• pen waterway for transportation of the
revolutionists 1 supples, and bo success
fully have the supples been carried into
the 'interior that it Is considered abso
lutely certan the Government of to-day
has Its work cut out for it In seeking to
suppress the revolt.
The Venezuelan Minister of War. Senor
Pulido, who is the leader of an important
Unfinished 2:14 trot, purse ?200Q- (four heati
¦Wednesday)— Dr. j Book won' the first, second
and sixth heats. Best tirrie). 2:10%. • Waubai
won the fourth and fifth beats. Best time
2:11%. Grade Onward woo. the. third heat ii
2:12Vi. Nancy Kink. A. J..C and Dot Mille:
also started. • ...... . .
2:24 class pacing, purse $2000— PaJnty Queen
won the third, fourth and fifth heats. Bes
tIme*2:I2U. Xavarvon.the first heat !n
Miss Gertrude won the second heat In 2:10H
Jean Cuyler, Charlie Hoffer and Ethel Browi
also started. ' »£
2:Q6 class pacing, purse $2000— Edith W woi
the third, fourth and fifth heats. Best time
2:05%. Hetty G won. the second h«at In 2:C5\i
Bonnie Direct won the Hr3t heat ln i 2:05 1 4. Eye
let, Milton S and Egozen also started.
2:25 class trotting, purse $2000— Canter wor
the second, third and fourth ¦ heats. Bee
time, 2:12%. Captain Brocker won the flnn
heat in 2:15'<f. Algonetta, -Del Rio and Blj
Dutch also started. . -
COLUMBUS, Ohio > i Aug. - 1.— This was
the big day of the grand circuit meeting
and ; more than, 5000 people. watched tht
harness horses perform over the fas
track. The weather was absolutely per
fect and all the conditions were conducive
to excellent sport. Summary:- ••
Circuit Meeting 1 .
Fine Racing "Weather Draws Thou-
sands of People to the Grand
Ida McCray confessed knowledge of the
murder and stated that, her. mother Bet
sle and brother Belfield helped to commit
the crime. She further implicated others,
who will probably meet a like fate.-*" Bet
sie McCray refused to make, any state
ment.
Governor A. H. Longino arrived on the
scene by special train from Jackson a
few minutes after | the lynching. He ad
dressed a large and . attentive audience at
the Court House, impressed upon them
the duty of their citizenship and obedi
ence to law and order.
The most prominent citizens of the
country labored with the excited mob all
during the day to allow the law to take
its course, but without avail.
HARNESS HORSES
PERFORM OH" PAST TBACK
A mob composed of about 509 White citi
zens of Carroll . County, who marched £0
the Jail In order, demanded the keys from
Jailer Duke, proceeded to the cells of the
negroes, bound them by the neck and
hands and carried them to. the corporate
limits of the town, where- they hanged
them to a tree by the public roadside and
riddled their bodies with/ bullets. The
mob resisted the earnest appeals of Judge
W.-F. Stephens and "W. H. Hill; who stood
on the steps, of the Jail and -appealed to
them In the name of law and order. They
even- followed 'the mob to the cell doors
with their arms around the necks of the
leaders, pleading with them to let the law
take its course, but with no effect..
CARROLLTON, \ Miss., Aug. 1.— The
brutal murder of Mr. and Mrs. R. T. Tall
ferro on the night of July 30 led to-night
to tho lynching of Betsle McCray, her son
Belfleld McCray and her daughter, Ida
McCray,' .all colored. _- • V
Brave Men Plead in Vain With, tlia
¦ Enraged People Not to Take the
Law Into Their Own
- . Hands.
These terms are denominated by those who
have the best Interests of the organization oC
the steel workers at heart as the most unfair,
the most unjust ever proposed to any body of
workingmen by a set of employers or a cor
poration. The terms are such that the ex
ecutive board of the Amalgamated Association
cannot accept and has already gone on record
to that effect.
To-morrow morning the answer of Mor
gan is expected by mail. There is scarcely e
a fragment of hope that the Amalgamated
Association will back down from Its well
known position. The leaders of the work
ers will in reply outline their plans to the
Steel Corporation tor a continuation of
the great struggle. They will include tho
stopping of every wheel possible in tho
works of the combine and the' extension
of the strike in all possible directions by
the Amalgamated Association.
To-day may develop much, but If the
combine cannot be made to waver
through the influence that wll\ be brought
to bear the great conflict will probably oe
fought to the bitter end. .',*-:.¦«•
During the afternoon Joseph Bishop of
the board of arbitration of Ohio was pres
ent for some time. Ex-President M. M.
Garland of the association was also In
the offices for a time, but both of these
men left early. They declined to dlscus3
the situation in any form except to say
that they did not know what the prob
abilities were for a settleme"h*»__-
MORGAN MAZES FLAT REFUSAL.
It Is Said That He Will Not Accede
to Latest Demands.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 1.— The Commercial
Gazette will say: The Amalgamated ex
ecutive board last evening received by tel
egraph a flat refusal from J. Pierpont
Morgan to reopen the wage conference
where it was broken off at the Hotel Lin
coln nearly three weeks ago. The pow
ers of the steel combine Insist in this
communication the only basis of settle
ment will be on the terms . which the
financial backer of the combine. President
Schwab and Chairman Elbert H. Gary
laid down at the meeting with the Amal
gamated executive board in New Toxic
last Saturday.
A member of the executive board of
the association last night said:
Victims Taken From JaiJ ,
Dropped From a Tree and
Riddled With Bullets. *
board of th» Amalgamated Association, desire
to deny emphatically the reports published ex
pressive of disagreement among us. We are
disposing- of. the work before the committee as
fast as its importance will permit. *> r a<yy«*aB^
No member has expressed any opinion or giv
ing any statement of the business, or of the
attitude of other members. . •
Nothing has been made public, neither will
any report Issue from us until a definite con
clusion is reached. .We are simply trying to
reach a settlement which shall bo honorable
and satisfactory to all concerned.
Board Stands as a Unit.
"Whatever differences might have-ex
isted are Bald to have been adjusted sat
isfactorily and the board stands us a
unit for its demand for the renewal of
the conference with the manufacturers*
representatives. To accept Morgan's
propositions as they now, stand would only
complicate matters more, according to the
officials of the association. .Whether Mor
gan will answer the request of the Amal
gamated Association or not seems to be
a question that even the association offi
cers do not care to state positively that
if he does not there can be no settlement
at this time of the strike. Morgan's
silence is regarded by some as significant
and ominous. Others profess to believe
that he is in consultation with other offi
cials of the United States Steel Corpora
tion and will answer shortly.
The secretiveness of the meeting of the
Amalgamated men, which has character
ized the preceding meetings, was con
tinued to-day. The members of the ex
ecutive board gathered early In the morn
ing and remained confined In the confer
ence rooms of the headquarters all day
with the exception of a brief lunch hour.
There were the same guards placed out
side of the offices and newspaper men
were kept back from all approaches to
the meeting.
State Arbitrator Present.
At 4 o'clock in the afternoon President
Shaffer, acting on behalf of the board,
sent word to the newspaper men that
there would be en statement given out for
publication to-day and that there would
be a meeting of the board to-morrow
morning at 10 o'clock to consider matters
before It. The meeting did not adjourn
at this hour, however,. but remained in
session until nearly 6 o'clock.
The message sent to Morgan, while not
so stated. Is believed to be an ultimatum
to the head of the United States Steel
Corporation. It is viewed as such by the
labor leaders about Pittsburg. If the steel
workers do not get their demand for this
conference the ¦ strike will go on indefin
itely. None of the officials of the organ
ization would discuss, this point to-day.
They still maintained their silence and
said they had nothing to give out. At
noon, after the ; executive board had been
In cession all morning and in a formal
manner waited for a reply from Morgan,
the members decided to make an official
denial of the report that there was a lack
of harmony In their ranks. To the re
porters present they gave out the fol
lowing:
V> r e. the members of the general executive
Ultimatum Sent to Morgan.
P1TTSBURG. Aug. 1.— The third til
day session of the Amalgamated
"Association executive board . has
passed without action being taken
on the New York conference
peace proposals. Another session will be
held to-morrow. The executive I board ' of
the association is in fact wal tine foe a
word from J. Pierpont Morgan, to whom
an ultimatum is said to have been sent.
; After the .board had heard from Prest
dent Shaffer concerning his trip to New
York last week it was decided to request
a change in the propositions of Morgan,
and a message was sent to Morgan, an
nouncing, its decision on thla^ matter.
In explanation of this message the Amal
gamated Journal says: •_•, . ,
The executive board desires another confer
ence with the representatives of the constitu
ent companies and will remain. In the city un
til an answer is received. Upon the result of
that answer will depend whether the strike
will- be prolonged indefinitely.
In the: same statement of the result of
the conference of the executive board tno
Journal .has this to : say:
-The strike, situation aa we go' to press Is
about "the same as it was a week ago so far
as' the working conditions of the mills are
concerned. No attempt has been made to start
any of the closed mills outside of the Wells
ville plant of the American Sheet Steel Com
pany, and their effort In this Instance has been
a failure.
Mob Hangs Mother, Son
and Daughter in
Mississippi.
Executive Board of the Amalgamated Association Holds
Sessions, but Will Take No Action on New York Peace
Conference Proposals Until Morgan Is Heard From
NEGRO WOMAN
AND CHILDREN
ARE LYNCHED
STEEL WORKERS SEND ULTIMATUM
TO HEAD OF BILLION DOLLAR TRUST
TELE S-A.lv ; xLKyyJN Olrst^O • : OAl^J^, >^
4-j-^v ORT OF SPAIN, Trinidad, Aug.
j I j\ 1. — Venezuela is again in the
j|»=^ throes of a. revolution, and not
JJL only is that unfortunate republic
in a state of civil war but se
rious complications •will in all probability
arise between the Government of Venezu
ela and Colombia. President Castro,,
while facing the uprising against his otoi
authority, is also accused of furthering
secretly the revolution against the Colom
bian Government, of which General TJribe-
Uribo is the prim© mover, and conferred,
it is reported, •with the Colombian leader
at a secret meeting recently held in Ca
racas.
Following His Intrigue With c GerieraPUribe-Uribe, Castro
- Is Expected to Soon Gome Out Against Public Opinion
and Declare War Against His Neighbor Republic
VENEZUELA'S PRESIDENT AIDS
REVOLUTIONISTS OF COLOMBIA
Senor Esteres said this battle was
fought July 29. and that 16,000 troops of
the Venezuelan army. were engaged In it.
"As I understand the message," said the
Consul General, '.'the 5000 revolutionists
routed are thebalance of those who wero
defeated by our troops a few days before.
I believe the revolution Is at an end, but
there may arise . complications . between
our Government and that of Colombia.
President Castro refers to the revolution
as the Colombian inroad because the In
vaders came over the border . from that
country. Their leader. Dr. Rangel Gar
btras, "has had no military training and
is only a physician and hardly capable of
directing military movements. We have
gained a decisive victory, and Venezuela
is at peace, and I am Instructed to inform
the various representatives in this coun
try and Europe that such Is the fact. The
island of Curacao, from which the dis
patch came to-day reporting the revolu
tion in Venezuela. Is the home of nearly
all of the members of the revolutionary
element and they are continually send
ing out false and misleading stories.
3
ISA (GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
tor fcud Xervlne.
Tte most wonderful aphrodisiac, and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, tor both eexes.
- The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kld-
•eye and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
SABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents. ,
223 Market si., S. K.— (Send for Circulars.) '
Damiana Bitters
BAJA CALIFORNIA
'visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
j (7S ::::nA2iZT£r.tst.6i£:i.s.r.ciL
C ' Tbe Lar;r,t Anatomical Mu&etno in the
i iTjl^ World. V, cakr.cssei cr any contracted ,
vSl KW < » !e ' iie p©fcili»-rlj'e»r«»4 by the oldest
I dTCI 2?! bpeaalist on ihe Coast. Est. 36 years. (
$§JiTS CR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN ,
FrtfJJil Consultation frre and strictly priratc.
I TkS#i Treatment personal!? or bjr letter.- A j
1 Hrni Potitivt Own in ever}' cue undertaken. '
F- 1 till Write for Book. PHII-OSOI*nV of,
Jl ||* IMBIACE, MAILED FREE. (A\
II jj. valuable book for mm )
DB.. JWBDAK A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P. <
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
If Fels-Naptha soap is no bet-
ter than other soap, we are fools
(as well as liars) to money-
back it. v
I Suits Box Coats Pants
!$7.85 $6.45 $1-85
I The above headlines announce another sale. While the values given will interest you
most, maybe you would like to know our reasons.
August is a dull month. With the existing conditions in San Francisco it- is going to
be an exceedingly dull month. We are not going .to have it dull with us— we want to be
kept busy and keep our stock moving. We have taken a lot of good, up-to-date goods and
put them in at reductions that are sure to keep sales going here.
Our sale, which closed a week ago, \vas a success— we sold everything almost down to
the last suit. So, to keep things going,, we have taken some single and double breasted fall
suits recently made up by us to sell for $12.50 and $15.00 and re- . -^
duced them to $7.85; also some $10.00 winter covert box coats &Wk
and marked them to $6.45. and' worsted trousers, once priced at V|«l
$3.00, now, reduced to $1.85. , * V?LA
See the goods — you will buy — if you don't think the clothes are worth the
former prices (not speaking of the present price), return them and get your /^rjllfiisiBfi&k.
money back— we mean it and will do it. We are emphatic on the money-back SR£$&m2BBk
proposition, because the reductions are considerable— some people are natural ¦ ¦
doubters, but they can't get around the money-back argument. s - ,^^^^^^«|^^^l
OddsandEndsinBoys'Suits fl|lyp
While we are cleaning up the odds and ends in our spring and summer 5j^S!5§§wRf^
clothing for children, mothers can buy at a big saving. There are only two . SjtSffi WM '
or three suits of each kind, but as a whole they contain all sizes; the odds and . BB3m| [|$flJ
ends, from $4.00 to $8.00 a suit, have been reduced to '-.-:'. .. . Wff&Smm
$2.55 • ¦' IBi
Exchanges readily made or money returned to dissatisfied purchasers. ' # p^Rnm
Boys' double-knee, extra heavy ribbed, fast black hose, all sizes, 25c a fprJa
Wash suits at greatly reduced prices, because the season is late. M^m jff&lif
Boys' 'and children's straw hats.: from 75c to $2.00, reduced to 45c each. dP&^W^
'need clothes, hats -f • 7 / T ! : ' , .".':¦ '^f-. : V^T in*, furnishings or
or furnishings. 718 Market Street. hats - mm
ADVEHTISEMENTS.Said a shrewd minister before the collec
tion was taken, up: . "Those who are in
debt need not place anything on the
plate.". The collection was double the
usual amount. ¦•'.',- *\V'*v,
WOODLAND, Aug. 1.— During, the last
four or five months the claims against the
county on account of squirrel tail bounty
have been enormous and the suspicion of
fraud has been aroused. It has been the
custom to accept the count of the hunter
or to count a pile of a hundred and esti
mate the rest.
One day this week a claimant presented
a lot purporting to number 400O and re-
Quested * the County Clerk to certify to
the number. The County Clerk decided to
make a count, with the result that the lot
was 1625 short. There seems to. be no
doubt that the- Supervisors of this county
have been paying for the tails of thou
sands of squirrels killed In Colusa County.
ing Figures.
rel Tail Bounty Beach Alarm-
Claims Against the County for Squir-
AUTHOBITIES OF YOLO
STJSPICIOTJS OP FRAUD
Fourth race, mile and twenty yards— Six
Shooter won, Argregor second. Flying Torpedo
third. Time. 1:4214.
Fifth race, six furlonss, handicap — J. V.
Kirby won,' Rosewar second, Jaubert third.
Time, -1:15. • •.
Sixth race, mile and a sixteenth, selling—
Gawaine won. Nettie Recent second. Odnor
third. Time, 1:49.
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 1.— Delmar summary:
First race, five furlongs, selling— Bonnlcoosa
won. ' Irosuta second. Badger third, i Time,
1:04^4.
Second race, six furlones — The Wag -won,
Nannie J second. Little Henry third. Time,
1:17%. .
Third race, five and a half furlongs, sell
ing—Taby Taba won. Lady Brockway second,
Miss Dora third. Time, 1:09%. »
Fourth race, one and a quarter miles. sell
ing—Lee Bruno won. Beana second, Irving
Mayor third. Time, 2:08%.
Fifth race, seven furlongs, selling— Charles C
won. Sue Johnson second. Dan Paxton third.
Time. 1:28%.
Sixth race, six , furlongs— Lord Neville won,
Sard second. Kazan third. Time, 1:13.
Streets of Cedarville Flooded;
CEDARVILLE, Aug. 1.— The long dry,
hot epell was broken this evening, when a
terrific rainstorm set in, accompanied by
a high wind, which for a time threatened
damage., Water is running down the
streets in the town and everything ii sat
urated with water. No damage is re
ported. ¦ .¦-•.¦-•--.¦,..'-¦•¦*.¦..•..-•¦,„¦•..¦¦..
WOODLAND, Aug. j L-^-The entries for
the Woodland race meeting.: which 'com
mences on the 26th of August, have closed,
but will noi be announced until sufficient
time has elapsed for letters mailed in the
East on the last day of entry to have
arrived. The very best horses in the State
have . been • entered, and the indications
are that the Fortieth Agricultural Fair
will be one of the best in the Sate.
Woodland Bace Entries Close.
At'l o'clock the first race was called. It
was the event known as the San Fran
cisco stakes. The entries and their odds
were: Tirado. 3 to 2; Cricrl, 2; Puerto
Rico. 3 to 2; Bolllver. 12, and Cyrene, 4.
Although the talent favored Puerto Rico,
Crid, a handsome daughter of Direct
(2:05%) and Cricket (2:10), experienced no
trouble In winning the race in three
straight heats. In 2:21%, 2:20 and 2:23%.
The favorite had to take second place in
the first two heats, while in the- last he
broke badly and Just saved his dlttance,
Bolllver taking second place. The winner
belongs to H. W. Meek of San Lorenzo
and is a half-sister to William Harold,
2:13.
The greatest enthusiasm prevailed In
the grand stand when the next event was
called. It was for the Sacramento Club
stakes. The horses were driven by their
owners and everybody could sec that
every man thought his horse should win.
These embryo Hickoks. Goldsmiths.
Doblea and McDowells drove their pacers
and trotters . from -wire to wire with all
the. Tim they could Instill into their hand
some well-groomed" favorites.
The starters were L. S. Upson's R#gina,
F. C. . W. Palne's Peo. F. Ruhstaller's
Monroe Jr.. H. A., Bell's Pansy. William
Traet'B Candy Joe and F. E. Wright's
Baby Button, The . summary tells the re
sults, but It does not give an Idea of how
keen was the rivalry between these gen
tlemen to "win. Regina, ably handled by
Upson, was never headed and -won the
three heats In 2:19, 2:21% and 2:21. . Pansy
was a good fighting second until the last
heat, when Ruhstaller brought his re
juvenated Monroe Jr. to the front and In
a masterly drive secured -the' place. • Tha
time made was bo excellent that all sim
ilar organizations on this coast, must
Btrive to equal this exhibition.
The' last rac« - was a "special," a race
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 1.— The attend
ance was only fair to-day, the heat was
Intolerable and as the programme did not
contain many races of Interest the pa
tronc of light harness events did not turn
out In crowds to see them. The Judges
were A. G. Gurnett, E. P. Heald and Wil
liam G. Layng; the timers, J. C. Quinn,
Charles Durfee and J. A. McKenon.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
that was In no way> creditable to the par- i
I ticipants, and the judges in removing the
drivers of Penrose and Mlramonte
showed that their suspicions were well
founded. It is to be hoped that no more
"specials" of this kind will be allowed, al
though the association did what was con
sidered a fair thing to offer a race, not
knowing that every one entered was
strung to keep the pacers from going
too fast. As it was. all have got records
and Penrose is eligible for the 2:22 class
pacing races hereafter.
To-morrow a free-for-all, with Myrtha
"Whips (2:10%), Edna R (2:11%) and Kelly
Briggs <2:10%). will be one of -the prin
cipal attractions. On Saturday W. G.
Layng's Sir Albert S (2:11V9, El Diablo
(2:12Vi) and ten others, five of which have
paced in 2:12 or better,' will start in the
2:17 class pace. It Is the talk of the town
and promises to be one of the most mem
orable races seen. In California for years,
Following is the summary of to-day's
races:
First race; San Francisco stakes.
Crlcrl, b. m., . by Direct-Cricket, 2:10 ,
(Simpson) '................. 1 11
Puerto Rico, bl. g. (Clucello) ....223
Bolllver, b. gr. (Patrick) 3 3 2
Tlrado. b. u. (Doran) 4 d
Cyrene," blk. m. <Gray) '.: 6 d .
< Time— 2:21%, 2:20, 2:23%.
Sacramento Club stakes.
Reglna F. b. xn. (Upson) Ill
Paiuy, br. m. (Bell) 2 2 3
Monroe H, b. h. <Ruhata.ller) 6 4 2
Candy Joe,b. h. (Trust).... 3 54
Tlme-2:19, 2:21%, 2:2L
Baby Button and Peo also started.- '
2:28 class paclnc - \
Penrose, b. g:.. by Falrose. by Brig- .
adier (Martin) 4 2 1 11
Mlramonte. b. m., by Diablo, by "•
Cresco (Brown) 1 3 2 2 2
Deacon, b. g. (Smith) .. 6 13 3 3
Time— 2:24%. 2:23%. 2:25. 2:21%, 2:33.
Convict and Polka Dot started and were with
drawn. . • .
Although the first •• day of the season
was not auspicious, better, days are sure
to come. The weather was exceptionally
hot and as the dogs are as yet uncondi
tioned a fair test was not made. The ma
jority of the shooters will try their -luck
to-day and stay with the game until Mon
day before rest Is taken.
hope for shooting success was freely
thought of and spoken.
The curious crowd on the last Sausalito
boat looked for specimens of the big
game. Two spiked horns were "all that
came cityward and they belonged to Al
Lehrke. He hunted at Murray's ranch
and did a day's good work. Out early in
the morning, he caught the game, three
shots bringing both deer to earth. On the
same boat were Achille Roos. Harry Hos
mer and George Jackson. "When Lehrke
told the story of his shoot the three
looked glummer than -pallbearers. They
had been in the saddle all day on the pre
serves of the Tamalpais Club. Roos was
the hero of the trio, for he bore the dis
tinction of having seen a fawn. The other
two simply enjoyed the natural beauties
of the landscape. '.. ¦¦<
Marin County resounded with the bay
ing of hounds yesterday but very ' few
shots were fired at the red. game. The
Point Reyes Club inaugurated its season
by a general turnout. When the' shoot
began the party was augmented by Thom
as J. Walsh, Fred S. Johnson. George "W.
Smith, John C. Nobman, W. M. Cashman
and J. W. Crandall. "For five hours they
beat bush and thicket for the quarry, but
luck fell solely to Cashman's gun* A fair
sized buck was his portion. At the noon
hour lunch was served on the shore of
Trout Lake and in two colors of wine
neer, by timely throttle-reversing, avert
ed a head-on collision with a southbound
train. Then the special backed all the
way to Sausalito for a switch and the lo
comotive being thirsty at this time was
treated to a drink. Undaunted, a fresh
start was made. Smooth . sailing was en
joyed until Larkspur was scented. Again
progress received a sudden check, for an
other southbound train was met. This
time the special back-pedaled for only a
few miles and again the locomotive was
bathed in water. The third start carried
the excursionists to safe ports, "W. S. Kit
tle and W. H. ; Hickman acting as look
outs to prevent locomotive incursions and
raids.
POINT REYES SPORTSMEN'S CLUB
LINED UP FOR ITS FIRST DEER
SHOOT.
HORSES RACE
IN TORRID SUN
THE opening of the deer season
reads like a story of promises un
fulfilled. Very little venison will
eoak In white wine to-day for the
delectation of the appetites of the
blacktail hunters and their friends. The
second day may bring its fruit but the
first "will linger long and poignantly in the
bit.ter minds of the enthusiastic eports
men. The first of August, so reads the
law, was set apart for the killers of deer
to wreak their vengeance. Few wreaked
and so the disgust is black and thick.
On "Wednesday the Country Club char
tered a special train from Sausalito to
Point Reyes. Without malice an invita
tion was extended to the Point Reyes
Sportsmen's Club to take advantage of
the golden opportunity and reach the
happy hunting grounds some three hours
In advance of the regular late afternoon
train. The Point Reyes sportsmen . re
sponded joyfully. On that train, which
consisted of two narrow-gauge cars, were
Alec Hamilton, Frank Carolan, Dr. de
Marville, Robert Oxnard. F. W. Van Slck
len, E. B. Prestcn, W. S. Kittle -. and
Andrew Jackson of the Country Club.
The Point Reyes Club was represented
by John Lemmer, General John H. Dick
inson, George W. Root, N. H. Hickman
and two guests. That all these "worthy
sportsmen are alive is no fault of the -
railroad. Sudden death stared them in the
face on two separate occasions of the trip
north and when they arrived at their des
tinations It was discovered that the reg
ular late afternoon train was hot on the
trail, not iiftee^ minutes behind.
AH eportsmen are full of signs and su
perstitions. This band Is loud in vehe
ment denunciation of the railroad for a
ruthless slaughter of first day chances.
This is how it happened. When the be
lated and water-loving locomotive pulled
out of the Sausalito shed with sportsmen,
dogs and rifles, cartridges and other am
munition It rolled on the wrong track.
When Mill Valley was reached the engi-
- Playing cards, poker chips," crib . boards,
dice and tally; cards. ¦'.., The best at lowest
prices. : Sanborn.'.Valb & Co., ,741 'Market
street. - ¦¦¦./;:- ; , ,, .:• . ¦ • V-: ;, ....:•¦¦
Get Into ' the Game.
At a recent meeting. of the directors of
the H*brew Hospital and Dispensary - As
sociation of Newark, N. J., It was report
ed -that -1913 patients - had been treated
during the last six months, and; 1883 pre
scriptions given; The dispensary is now
in good condition.- -..-.-. . .
:.-; LOS ANGELES,. Aug. l.-District Attor
ney Frank P. Flint has resigned his office.
His resignation' was forwarded > to "Wash
ington to-day.. District Attorney Finlay
son has also resigned. Both resignations
are said to be ', for private business >: rea
sons.; Ex-Assemblyman L.-.H. Valentine
is l slated to I succeed Flint and , Finlayson
will : be succeeded by George L. McKeeby,
at present "adjutant on - the staff of ' Col
onel John R. Berry," N.G.-C.; ; / :
District Attorney Flint Resigns.
For a World's Championship.
•NEW YORK, Aug. l.-Sam Harris, and
Sam Fitzpatrick, the respective managers
of . Terry McGovern and Jack Robertson
of London, the English f ea-ther-wetght
champion, met to-day and agreed on a
match between : their men for the world's
championship at '¦ 126 • pounds, - weigh . in • at
3 o'clock In the afternoon on the day the
fight is to take place.' Thirty days from
to-day Is the time given for the reception
of bids front athletic clubs who may
want to bring off the match, and all com
munications in this respect are to be sent
to Al Smith, • at the ¦ Gilsey -. House, this
city..- : ¦ -. "•;¦.- " ... ;• : ; ;¦;¦ ;?,'•. ;¦•;*¦..
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 1.— In the County
Jail lies a Russian nobleman, arrested on
a" charge of stealing gasoline cans. ; But
Count Matuszewski has a romantic his
tory behind him. 'Fourteen years ago the
was exiled from the Czar's domains for
undue sympathy with the laboring classes
and. as a disturber of the peace.
zewski'a brother-in-law, H. Piotroski, is
Supreme Judge at Warsaw, and has spent
a fortune in a vain endeavor to secure
Matuszewski's ; pardon. ¦ His i two sisters
also live In Poland. One of them resides
at Castle Tablona, ' near "Warsaw, and is
enormously wealthy. Matuszewski has re
ceived regular remittances from Poland,
but they have been of modest proportions
on account of his . eccentric habits.
COUNT LANGUISHES
IN A COUNTY- JAU,
EL RENO, O. T.. Aug. 1.— The drawing
of winning- numbers In the United States
land lottery was- concluded to-day, 13,000
of the envelopes having been taken from
the wheels, 6500 for each land district. The
crowd about the platform on which the
drawing took place was much smaller
than on previous days.
Beginning August 6, 125 names In each
district will be called daily for sixty days
for the filing of homestead entries. The
estimate Is made by a Government official
that in each land district 1000 of the 6500
numbers will,, not- be taken in the, sixty
days, because the homesteaders will be
disqualified, or will leave the country, be
lieving their claims to be worthless. This
will leave only 5500 persons who will make
entry in their respective districts. Two
thousand claims will be left for the wagon
emigrants and others who have been In
the ¦ country for months and failed to
draw a number. At the end of the sixty
days, these persons can ;go Immediately
to their land office and file, or if they set
tle upon a homestead in advance of any
other person, they | . can remain thereon
three months before filing, their entry. ¦
Homestead speculator's, who registered
for the sole purpose of selling their prize
if winners, are already seeking. to sell re
linquishments of their claims.
FINAL DRAWING
OF LAND PRIZES
- Second race. ; seven " furlongs — The • Conqueror
II won, ' Ben Battle second. Beauty Book third
Time, 1 1:28%. ,/- >v -: v. .. ¦;/ \ . - C- / . -.->. V ;-J:.
Third race,' steeplechase, short course— Frond
won, v Donation second. Crest third. Time,
CHICAGO, Aug. ; 1.— Hawthorne results: '¦'¦'•
> First race,. five. and a. half furlongs—Parnas
sus won, Hargis second, Lapidus third. Time.
1:08%.' .,. . ..; . '.;.:.- ., ¦ : L ., ¦ ' -,.-¦--: .W
Third race, one mile and: a sixteenth— Wine
Press won, . Bell ¦ Court second, Radford third.
Time. 1:46%. .: >. . - ., ¦
• Fourth • race, five - f urlonKs — Lac -won, , Easy
Street* second. - Concertina third. Time, 1:03.
v Fifth race,' six furlones— Hleaway won, Eu
clalre second, Branch third. (Time, : 1:15%.
. Sixth race, six furlongs, selling— Maggie. W
won. ¦ MaDle second. Badinage : third. Time.
1:15%. .fj ..'¦: ¦¦ \- ¦.'-¦ , ; ,_ ¦• ':-¦ ,
First race, six furlongs, selling— Tyrba won.
Lady Silver ¦ second, . Tamarin third. Time,
1:15>4.' • ••• , -¦¦ ¦ - ¦:¦• . ¦ ¦ -.'••¦
Second race, four and a half furlongs — Mod
erator won, ¦ Barricade second, Katherine R
third. TJme,^:66%. ..-.., ,, , . • -..;.. - . . ¦
BUFFALO, Aug. 1.— Fort Erie results:
¦ Fourth race, six f urlongs— Trebor won, ; Es
pionage second; Red Apple third. Time, 1:13%.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Nellie Waddell won,
Huntresra' second, Elgiva third. Time, 1:03%.
Sixth race," one mile," selling— John McElroy
won. , Ben O'Fallon second. Tolu third. Time,
1:43.- . ' - ¦- ¦-- ..-¦¦¦ : ¦¦ ¦ ¦ .-¦ ¦
DETROIT, Aug. 1.— Winsor, results:
First race. 6even . and a half furlongs, sell
ing — Pine Chip won, Nels - Morris second,- Dr.
Fannie third. Time, 1:37. - ... ¦
Second • race, six furlongs— Tempt won; Ben
gal second, Polly Blxby. third. Time, 1:15%.
Third race, six furlongs, selling— Meggs won,
Incandescent second, Mrs. Daniels third. Time,
1:15. ---.¦:,- ¦ ¦ • • ¦¦¦"*. -•:¦¦- ¦'¦ .-..¦-¦
First race, five furlongs — Ivory • Bells won,
Dunweir second, Chickadee third. Time,
1:01 2-5. .'
Second race, one mile and a sixteenth, sell
ing Dr. Preston won, • Inshot second, Taveta
third. Time, 1:47 2-5.
Third race, one mile and seventy yards — May
W won. Water Cure second, St. Finnan third.
Fourth race, Brighton Derby, $10,000, one
mile and a half— Water Color. 128 (Spencer),
1 to 7. won; All Green. 126 (Shaw). 10 to 1
and even second; Mortallo, 116 (O'Connor), 8
to 1 and 3 to 5, third. Time. 2:34 1-5.
Fifth race, six furlongs— The Rival won. As
cension second, Lombre third. Time, 1:14 1-5.
Sixth race, six furlongs, nelling — Margraviate
won. Scurry 1 second. Whistling . Con third.
Time, 1:13.
BUTTE. Mont., Augr. 1.— Results: -
First race,- five furlongs— July . Gyp won,
Amaza second, Ned Dennis third. Time, 1:03.
Second race. . six furlongs — Huachuca won.
Dandy second, Parazalde, third. ..Time, -1:17. .
Third race, six furlongs— Blanche Sheppard
won, Ellis . Glenn second, Alaria. third. Time,
1:16%. - ¦ ' >*"-•! '¦¦¦
Fourth race, one mile — Ting-a-Llng won, Fon
cliffe second, Donator third. • Time, 1:45.
Fifth race, • five furlongs— St. Anthony won,
Sweet Voice second, , Aurora B third. Time,
1:04%. •':>•- •;"¦•¦• ;• -¦¦ <¦¦¦¦¦,- . • ¦ '
Sixth race, one mile and twenty/yards — Ping
won, Mont Eagle second. Cousin Letty third.
Time, 1:46%. ' ¦-»•¦.-.
NEW YORK, Aug. 1.— The Brighton
Derby, of $10,000 was run at Brighton
Beach' to-day. Only three horses faced
the starter— Water Color, All Green and
Mortallo. Water Color was held at 1 to 7
in the betting, and he won in a romp by
five lengths from AH Green, who beat
Mortallo. ten lengths. Results:
NEWPORT, R. I., Aug. L— The Inde-»
pendence. had. an opportunity j to-day to
show her mettle. Although defeated by
the Columbia," she was by no means dis
graced. Over a triangular ocean- course
of -.thirty miles, In a breeze light at tha
start and fresh at the finish, the Colum
bia beat her five minutes and fourteen
seconds, corrected time. The Columbia at
one-time was nearly half a mile In tho
lead, but as the wind freshened the In
dependence pulled up considerably. Then
came a run down the wind with a breeze
In the. starboard Quarter. The Independ
ence was left astern by the Columbia on
this leg.
. Fromlthe second mark to finish off Bren
ton's Reef lightship, it was a reach with
the wind a little before the port beam.
In this les the Independence did her best
work of the day. She gained one mJnuta
and forty-nine seconds. She was heeling:
over considerably at times and going very
fast. She sailed the last legr of the course,
ten nautical miles. In forty-five minutes
and- forty-five seconds, better than thir
teen knots an hour.
The Independence was measured by
John.Hyslop, the measurer of the New-
York Yacht Club, before she was towed
out of the harbor this morning. About
four tons of lead had been taken out of
her, consequently her water line length
was reduced to 88.03 feet, 14 inches less
than the . Columbia's. , ..- . - ..-,-'
Hy slop -figures out her racing length at
102.79 feet, and calculated that she must
allow Columbia 31 seconds over a thirty
mile course. Instead of tne 43 seconds she
was penalized 'In her previous races.'. % .:¦,
The official time of the race was as fol
lows: ¦•¦"-.---•
¦ Start Finish Elaps'd CoVeted
Columbia 11:40:00 3:22:57 3:42:57 1:42:23
Independence ..11:40:00 3:27:40 3:47:40 S:47;4<>
Runs responsible for— McLaughlin 2, Doyle L
Hartwell 2. Home run— Kelly. Sacrifice hits-
Spies, Devereaux. First base on errors—Sacra
mento 3. First base on called balls— Off Strick
lett 2, off McLaughlin 1; oft Doyle 5, off Hart
well" 3. Let on bases— Los Angeles 10, Sacra
mento U. Struck out— By Doyle 2, by Hartwell
8. Hit by pitcher— Reilly, McLaughlin, Strick
lett. Double plays— Courtney to Devereaux to
Hanlon; Hartwell to Spies to Hutchinson.
Passed balls— Spies 1, Stanley 2. Wild pitch—
Hartwell. Time of game— Two hours. Umpire-
Levy. ¦ • ¦: : •¦ '
Los Angeles ;. 0 2 0 0 0 0 2 0 0—4
Base hits..... ....0100 2030 0— G
Sacramento ...1.0 2 2 0 0 0 10—6
Base hits......... 0 0 2 12 10 11—8
SUMMARY.
Totals .. 38 6 8 0 27 11, 1
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
AB, K. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux. ss .... 2 2 0 0 • 3 " 2 - 0
McLaughlin. p&lf. 4.2 10 3 0 0
Courtney, 2b 5 0 20 260
Doyle, rf & p 5 0 10 1 1 0
Stricklett, p, If & rf 4 0 . 0.00 01
Stanley, c 6 .0 0. 0 4 1 0
Sheehan, 3b 6 0 2 0 0 4 0
McGucken. cf. 5 0 1 0 2 0 0
Hanlon, lb 3 2 1 0 12 1 0
SACRAMENTO.
Totals .......30 4 6 0 27 13 " 7
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. rf... 5 1 10 1 0 0
Reitz, 2b 3 1 2 0 1 10
Hutchinson, lb. 4 0 0 0 12 .- 0 .'4
Householder, cf 3 0 0 0 1 0 >1
Bowman. If.... 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Reilly, 3b 2 1 0 0 0 3 0
Spies, c 3 0 0 0 9 2 0
Kelly, es 3 % 1 1 0 3 4 2
Hartwell. p...' .3 0 0 0 • 0 '3 0
LOS ANGELES.
Los Angeles Weak in. Fielding at the
t Southern City.
LOS ANGELES,' Aug. 1.— Los Angeles
played its poorest fielding game to-day.
Hutchinson was bad and Householder's
error cost two runs. Stricklett pitched the
first inning and was wild. McLaughlin
took the box in the second, Kelly making
a home run. Doyle finished 'the game.
Score:
GAME FOB SACRAMENTO.
stiff breeze she can outfoot almost any
local craft of her size, and on Sunday,
July 28, she overhauled the sloops Thetis
and Siren easily, and even big boats like
the yawl Tramontana and the sloop
Speedwell had diHcult in shaking her off.
She will be sailed by her designer, builder
and owner. Commodore A. E. Chapman.
How she behaves in rough water is not so
certain, and as the race will take- place
over the regular course of the Corinthians
the challenged club is not preparing to
hand over the trophy just yet. The Corin
thian sailing rules will govern the contest,
which is expected to take place on Satur
day, August 10, and will be under the joint
management of the regatta - committees
WATERCOLOR
FIRST TO WIRE
THE blue ribbon prize In San Fran
cisco Bay yachting Is the perpet
ual challenge cup, which was pre
sented in 1895 to the Encinal Yacht
Club in trust. This year the chal
lenger is the sloop Helen, designed and
built at Benicla by A. E. Chapman, com
modore of the Vallejo Yacht and Boat
Club., '¦¦•,'
j The Helen has a length over all of
32 feet, a waterline length of 25.18 feet, a
beam of 11 feet, and a racing length of
27.08 feet> She has a light draught, and is
heavily ballasted at the bottom of her
centerboard. In smooth water with a
YACHT COLUMBIA
WIN S THE RACE
The starting signal will be given at 2 p.
m., and as It is low water at 1:40 p. m.
on August 10 the race will be on a flood
tide. The course will be from the foot of
Taylor street to Presidio Shoal buoy; to
and around Blossom Rock buoy; to and
around the leeward stakeboat; to and.
around Presidio Shoal buoy; thenc© to
starting line; leaving all marks on tho
port hand.
of the Corinthian and Vallejo yacht clubs.
The helmsman and crew of both yachts
will be amateurs, for though the deed of
gift of the perpetual challenge- cup Is
silent about the point whether profession
al sailors may be employed or not, It has
been thought best to Include no profes
sionals in either crew.
THE SLOOP HELEN, DESIGNED BY COMMODORE CHAPMAN OP THE VALLEJO YACHT CLUB AND BUILT IN j
, BENICIA, WILL ENDEAVOR TO CARRY OFF THE PERPETUAL CHALLENGE CUP FROM THE CORIN
7'' . THIANS TO ADORN THE CLUBHOUSE ON CARQTJINEZ -STRAITS. ... .., . • J
Runs responsible for— Evans 6, Hodson 6.
Home run— Nordyke. Two-base hits— Dunleavy,
Babbitt, Croll, Hildebrand, Nordyke, Lohman.
Sacrifice hits — Hodson, Evans, Lohman, Pabst.
First base on errors— San Francisco 1, Oakland
1. . First base on called balls— San Francisco 1,
Oakland 4. Left on bases— San Francisco B,
Oakland 5. Struck out— By Hodson 4. Hit by
pitchei" — Lohman. Double plays — Evans^ to
Pabst to Krug; Drennan to Eagan to Lohman.
Time of game— 1:45. Umpire — Graves. Official
scorer— H. S. McFarlln.
SUMMARY.
Totals .'....35 10 10 3-27 10 2
RUNS AND HITS "BY INNINGS. \#jJ£
San : Francisco. ...........0 0 0 3 0 3 0 0 0—6
; Base hits 0 0 0 4 0 3 10 1—9
Oakland : 3 10 0 0 2 0 0 4—10
Base hits 2 110 0 3 0 1 2—10
AB. H. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f........ 2 1 0.0 8 10
Lobman, c... ._ 2 2 1 0 7 0 0
Streib, lb... 5 2. 1 0 10 - 0 0
Eagran, 3b..... ...5 1 2 0 14 0
Dunleavy, 1. f 5 2 3 14.00
Moskiman, r. f. ...... 5 - 0 1 2 '0 0 0
Arrellanes, 2b -4' 0 0 0 1 3 1
Babbitt, s. s 4 12 0 1 1 1
Hodson, p.: 3 10 0 0 10
Totals ...........35 6 9 0 27 11 3
. r' OAKLAND.
- AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, C. t 5; 1 10 2 0 0
Hlldebrand, I. t 6 2.2 0 1 00
Schwartz. 2b.. .3 1 1,0 3.10
Pabst. lb.. ........... 3 0 0 0 10 1 0
Krug, b. s.. 4 11 0 * -4 1
Nordyke, r. t 4 12 0 10 0
J. Reilly, 3b 4 0,0 0 2 2: - 0
Graham, c.....". .4 0. 1 0 3 , 1; 2
Evans, p 3 0 10 0 2 0
SAN FRANCISCO.
The German stickers obtained three
runs in the fourth round. Croll lead off
with a two-rbagger, Hildebrand following
his example, which enabled Croll to score.
Hildebrand advanced to third on
Schwartz's, out and scored on Krug's hit.
Nordyke. next up .fattened his batting av
erage--with another two-cushion swipe,
scoring Krug. • • ,
• Three more of the Dutch made the cir
cuit during the sixth, by means of three
hits, a steal and a couple of errors.
To cap the climax, and incidentally to
add more .interest to the contest, Nor
dyke planted the ball over the center field
fence, bringing Schwartz in with him and
making the score even. Josh Reilly, wish
ing to change the situation, struck out.
It began to look like another long drawn
contest when Oakland took its last stand
in the ninth. Babbitt made a hit, but was
put out" at second on Hodson's attempted
sacrifice. Drennan got his third pass to
first. . : Pete Lohman came to . the rescue
at this stage with a clean two-base hit,
Hodson and Drennan coming home.
Charley Graham then made a very costly
error in trying to get Streib at first. Loh
man scoring and Streib going to second.
Krug threw wide, to Pabst, permitting
Streib, to come home. The bell rang four
times for the Brummels, who carried off
the spoils by a score of 10 to 6. The score:
- The .¦ unlucky; downtrodden Oakland
team, has good reason to rejoice,' as It
gave the leaders a decisive drubbing yes
terday. - And Hodson was in the box, a
coincidence which caused the fans to gy
rate with "-surprise. -
The Dudes took a good lead' in "the
first; Drennan got a pass; Lohman was
hit by the pitcher; Drennan was forced
out at third, "Truck" Egan coming to
the rescue with a clean hit, which brought
"Mother" Lohman' in. .'Before Evans
could -stop -'to', take his bearings Dunleavy
rolled out a' double, scoring Streib. Eag
an was caught at the plate, trying, to
score on Moskiman's drive to Krug. While
the doctor was stealing second Dunleavy
crossed the rubber with the third tally,
Arrellanes making the third out and re
tiring the side.
Oakland 10, San Francisco 6.
Game Was Decided in Ninth
Inning by Lohman's
v ; -Two Bagger. 1
Dudes Under His I Guid
ance \Wrest Victory
From Frisco.
HODSON BREAKS
THE ICE CRUST
THE SAO^
FOLLOWING THE HOUNDS FOR THE ELUSIVE DEER - YACHTS THAT WILL RACE FOR THE CHALLENGE CUP
Luck Befalls But Few of the Shooters-— Country 'Club's Special
Train Meets With a Series of Accidents During the Trip From
Sausalito to Point Reyes— Two ' Head-On Collisions Avoided
SPORTSMEN OPEN THE DEER SEASON
ON MARIN COUNTY CLUB PRESERVES
Commodore A. E. Chapman of the Vallejo Club Will Sail
' Her in the Race in Which She Will Strive to Win the
Blue Ribbon of Local Yachting From the Corinthians
NEW SLOOP HELEN, THE CHALLENGER
FOR PERPETUAL CUP, IS A SPEEDY BOAT.
4
IF J& Jill w *" ch W 'N outshoot any other shot gun on the market
mf^J^^^S^ Jb^5a Shot Gun is now made in "Take Down " style in 12 and
rejgSJWjj^^jji^gyHl FREE— Send name and address on postal card for 164-page catalogue
IBlllllS WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., illi^ttft'lTO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
• FRIDAY. . AUGUST 2. . .
Sun rises . .' ..^;.. ..5:13
Sun sets 7;is
Moon. rises : ...."V. ......... ,.:....:.....i^.8:30 p.- m.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
¦".':. . , Shipping Merchants. ' ; •
. The W. H.' Dlmond, will* load merchandise for
Honolulu. ; • . •- '¦¦'•?•''•¦
Departure of the Sierra.
The steamer Sierra sailed, yesterday for Syd-
• NOTE— In tho above exposition of the tides
the early morning • tides are given In the left
hand • column and the successive - tides of the
day.ln'ths order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of t the " day ; ' except when there are but three
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full ; information" ask: I*
M,' Fletcher, 126 California street. • .<¦ • <
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
George W. Kelly,- an expressman, was
arrested and charged " with i assault to
commit murder last" night. : He stabbed
his wife four times with • a pocketknif e,
inflicting painful but not serious wounds.
Kelly claims that his wife is a! heavy
drinker.and thafshe, in company with a
male companion, attacked . him and , he
was obliged to defend himself.
Covetous men live without comfort and
die without hope.
Cuts Wife 'With Pocket Knife.
Organ overture, "W. B. King; vocal duet, Mr».
Ed Burns. Miss Alice Leahy: coon specialties.
Elton Lambert;. violin solo, Julius Gold; songi
by the Corinthian Club Quartet. B. J. Angelo.
E. ¦ F. - Sager. - Walter Howe. F. W. . Thompson ;
monologue. "W. W. - Brackett; Irish step dan
cing. Messrs. O'Connor and Kelleher; baas solo,
Frank W. Thompson; original specialties, little
Claire Fex: tenor solo, Walter Claire Wilson:
topical sonsrs, Lloyd Spencer: feats of legerde
main. J. Warren Keane; tenor solo. P. A. Dun
worth: recitation. Robert Cummln^s: barytone
solo Harry Wood Brown; select reading*. Kob
ei£ Downing; tenor solo, F. C. Hotalinf. '
The souvenir entertainment given last
evening by. the St. James Church Im
provement Association attracted a large
audience to Metropolitan Temple. The
programme presented was thoroughly
artistic and the various numbers were re
warded with hearty approval. The enter
tainment was in. charge of O.'K." Brady.
president of the association, and Thomas
H.v Griffin .and Thomas Powers, secre
taries. . / i ¦
The programme rendered was as fol
lows: "¦-.;. - - . .- . • ..'
The City, of Sydney arrived from Pana
ma and way ports yesterday. She did not
dock until late in the afternoon and i no
attempt will be made to discharge her
carjto until to-day. ¦ ..
The steamship Sierra, which sailed: for
Australia yesterday, took away nine un
willing passengers. The men were at work
aboard the mail ;. boat , and did not., know
she was under way until the heads were
reached - They were transferred to* the
pilot boat Lady Mine and; later sent
ashore." * "' - ¦'¦'¦¦.¦ ¦ ' " " -~~. ' ' ¦'¦¦" •" ' ¦« - - -
¦ The City of Sydney spoke the steamship
Lclar.aw 120 miles west of Acapulco. The
captain asked to, be reported all;well.'
Water Front Notes.
PAHISS OF ST. JAMES
r-^ GIVES ENTEBTAINMBNT
Branch Hydrographlc Offlqe. V. 8. N., Mer
• chants'- Exchange, San Francisco, CaL,
August 1/ 1901.
The time" ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day —
1.- e., at noon of the 12Oth meridian, or at i
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
• C. Q. CALKINS. 1
'¦ Lieutenant Commander, U. S. ,N., in charge.
Time Ball.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. .1.— George Stone,
a civil engineer In the employ of. the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company, with
headquarters at : Bakersfleld, while at
tempting to board a Southern Pacific train
at Montalvo, "Ventura county, last night
slipped and fell. The wheels passed over
his legs, amputating one below the knee
and badly crushing- the other. He was
taken to the County Hospital at Wentura
and died on the operating table.
Falls Under Wheels of a'Train.
Postmaster commissioned : California—
Pliny ¦ C. Huntington, Tamarack. Ap
pointed: California— Pauline Haug Pope
valley, Napa County, vice Louisa Noll
resigned. ¦ > ¦ -. - . ¦
Pensions granted: California— Increase-
Samuel R. Herrress,. Garden Grove S14
"Widows — Adeline C. Greene, San Fran
cisco, $8; Emma Statler, San Jose,- $8.
Oregon— Original widows— Sarah N Mar
tin,' Falls City, $8; Sally Linebarger, Lake
view, $8. war with Spain— Original-
Charles E. Cochrane, Portland, $14 .
Washington— Increase— Ahira • Stowell
Centralia,- 58; William F. Bryant, Arzlna'
$8." ¦¦:;•, ¦ ' :¦-••¦- -- ¦ '.;; ... ¦ .;. '
Of Interest to People of Pacific Slope.
"WASHINGTON, Aug.- 1.—The pdstoffice
at Grade, Wheeler County, Oregon, will
be discontinued August 15 and mail sent
to Mitchell. .
Adela de "Woolfe. Ines Woolfe, .Trodone Vll
lanuera,' W. I H.< Uradley, H. ! Shechy, Robert
Gross Fernando Geuer, Fermin Pelaez, . Ru
dolfo Aguilar, Regina Agullar, Allen A. Part
ridge Loa R. Partridge, Dolores E. de Lanzu
gorta I Francisca Escutie, . Miss Ana Smithers,
Mrs G. E. Ward, Georgina M. Ward, M. Sofia
Ward Edward -G. Ward, ; Charles B. 'Ward,
Maria' V. Langier, Emllia'L. de Pulldo, Jose
Luis Reynaud, - Jose S. Bertimen, Enrique Be
rumen Rafael I. Mlllan, Gutllermo Koppel,
Dolores Duhagon. Dolores Moreno de Rico, Jose
Jesus Rico, Pedro i Rico, Manuela Moreno,
George W. Rogers, » Alejandro Loubet,' Trinidad
M.,de Elooza, Guillermo Haas and A. Haas. .
The Compania Sud Americana de | Va
pores' Aconcagua arrived from South and
Central American ports yesterday. Dur
ing the : run up the coast she was beset
again and again by schools of whales, and
three times- the steamship was in collision
with the leviathans. The whales when
struck sunk out of sight, while a" slight
shock told those aboard what had <,- oc
curred. The cabin passengers on : the
Aconcagua were: •
Was Besst With Whales.
I July ll^lat -^—,* Ion 29 30 "VV— Br. ship Eulo
mene, .hence April 13, for Queenstown. •—¦
..Per stmr. City of Sydney — July ' 23, : 120 miles
west of "AcaDUlco, stmr ) Leelanaw, hence July
13 , for Panama. -- .
Per Fr bark Cambronne— Aaril 22,' lat 2'S,
Ion 27 30 W.Fr bark MacMahon, from , Cardiff ,
for San Francisco. ' '¦ -. -¦'-£.-« -,.r-v. [;'~i-
April 16. lat 4 N. ion 25 XV— Br bark M V
Hi-j.-p - •.-¦ ¦ .-- "¦"-¦•¦ ¦ ; • ¦ .rv' ?
, /TELEGRAPHIC. /
POINT LOBOS, Aus 1, 10 pm— "Weather
SPOKEN.
SAILED.
¦': -¦ . .Thursday, August, 1.-.
.. Stmr Sierra,, Houdlette, Honolulu and Syd
ney. " ' •- ¦ ; -¦¦'¦ '•'• • ¦ - . : - ' '
. US stmr, Kirkpatrick. Rogers, ¦ Manila.
U S tue Slocum, -Marshall, cruise, .v 1 -
¦ •' Bark Gerard C Tobey, Gove. - Honolulu.
¦; Schr Mary C, Campbell, Bodega,.' -
CLEARED.
¦; • . ' '¦'' .-' Thursday, August. 1.
i Stmr Sierra; Houdlette. Sydney, via. Hono
lulu; fJ.D SDreckels & Bros Co. :
Ger stmr Hermonthls, Knudsen, Hamburg
and way ports; J.D Spreckel3 & Bros Co.
Thursday, August 1.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Brldgett, 38 hours from
San Pedro. . "
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 41 hours from
San Dieso, etc.
Stmr 'Westport, Erlckson, 20 hours from Bear
Harbor. . . ' . . '
Stmr San Pedro, ' Johnson, 24 hours from Eu
reka. ¦ - . ¦
; Stmr Navarro, Olsen, 12 hours from Point
Arena. . _ • ¦• .
Stmr City -of Sydney, McLean, 23 days from
Panama and way ports. . .
Stmr Enn>ire. MacKenn, 64 hours from Coos
Bay, ( via Eureka. 31 hours. ¦ . ;
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 50 hours from Newport
and way. ports. ; -
, Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, 84 hours from
Grays Harbor. .>.-.'¦
¦¦ Stmr Signal,' Bendegaard,- 70 hours from Co
lumbia River.* / '¦ . ' - * ¦
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, 26 hours from Eu
reka. >/•:': ¦ :, ¦,-:;• ¦ -".'-- - * • •
;¦' Chll Btmr Aconcagua, Sorensen, _46 days from
Valparaiso and way ports, .via Mazatlan 5
days. ¦•¦"¦'¦ / - '
1 Jap i stmr America Maru, Goimr, 27 days 21
hours 11 minutes' from Hongkong, via Yoko
hama 18 days 1 17 hours ¦ 10 ' minutes, via Hono
lulu 5 dayi 23 hours 1 minute. . , '...¦. . ¦ . ¦ •
Fr bark Cambronne, Le Gloachess," 140 daya
from Cardiff. ¦.¦'¦•¦
- Bktn Retriever, Sloan, 6 days from Port
Hadlock. - ¦ - : - .,¦•¦• . : - . ¦ .
Schr.JO Wall, Anderson, .4% days from Eu
reka. ' ' "' •¦'.-'¦' ¦ ¦'
-Schr Rio Rey, Anderson, 3 days from Fish
Rock..; ., ¦ -. ¦.-¦-- --¦ \
Shipping Intelligence
ARRIVED.
"W. H. H. Adams, who works in a San
Krancisco bakery, furnished the sensation
of the uay. He was called by the peti
tioner and testified against the Biters.
On cross-examination by Attorney Mon
tieth he testified that there was no charge
against him. Half an hour later, when,
he left the stand, he was Informed that he
was wanted in Alameda for grand lar
ceny, alleged to have been committed
about a year ago. Acting under instruc
tions from the Alameda Chief of Police
Adams was detained here by the Sheriff'
To-morrow he will be taken to Alameda!
Attorney Crowley called Mrs. Lydia
Prescott to the stand and she admitted
that sho had Just caused the Alameda of
ficers to be informed of Adams' where
abouts. She claimed that she only did
her dutv. -
SAN RAFAEL, Aug. 1.— The hearing of
the application of M. J. White for letters
of guardianship of the children now In
custody of John Biter and his wife at
their home on the Lyford Ranch was re
sumed before Judge Angellottl this morn
ing. Most of the day was occupied in ex
amining witnesses for both sides.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Miss E. J. Gillen was transferred from
the James Lick. School' to the Cooper
School and Miss'E. Williamson from the
Haight to the James Lick School.
On the recommendation of the principal
Fred W. Koch was appointed- assistant
in the science department of the Lowell
High School.
Miss Ina Martin was assigned I as sub
stitute in stenography, in the Commercial
Department of the Lincoln - Evening
School. . - .
The . stenography classes of the Horace
Mann Evening School were consolidated
and the services of Miss Rae Cohen dis
pensed with.
Leaves, of absence were granted to Miss
Frances A. Deane, Miss Edith M. Staf
ford and Miss Margaret Bailie.
.Miss L. Glllespie was transferred to the
John Swett School from the Hamilton
School.
The members of the evening French
class recently, abolished petitioned to have
the class restored and asked that Miss
Labarraque be placed in charge of it.
The petitioners Fay that they know Miss
Labarraque to be thoroughly competent
and that her methods of teaching are ef
fective. Miss McConnell feelingly ad
dressed the boara in behalf of Miss La
barraque, who is blind. The board took
the matter under advisement.
Ida E. Coles, principal of the South
End School, notified the board that quar
ters will be ready this morning
for the newly formed class to be com
posed of first and second grade pupils
and she requests that a teacher be as
signed thereto.
Miss B. A, .McGulre was elected vice
principal of the Burnett School.
Edward M. Long's petition that instruc
tion for the blind be arranged was taken
under advisement. Long' has a blind
daughter 7 years of age and asks that
empty rooms be utilized In the , Mission
High School for blind pupils.
Miss M. A. Harrigan. Miss ,R. Stack,
Miss M. A. Amen, Miss M. L. Folsom and
Miss F. Barrington were assigned to new
classes.
The Board of Education .on "Wednesday
adopted a resolution authorizing: the City
Board of Examination to Include the sub
ject of "Instruction .for the deaf and
dumb" among the subjects designated for
special certificates. As soon as teachers
have qualified for the positions the board
will in all probability inaugurate the pho
nological system of teaching the subject.
San Francisco Man Ar
rested in a Marin
County Court.
Board Designates Sub
ject for Special Cer
tificates.
C.S. Armstrong, D. Blrnie, C. G. N. Byvanck,
Mrs. "W. T. Biddle, G. -W. Bramhall, W. O.
Bramhall, Professor A. E. Burton, Oliver Carre
and wife Admont G. Clark, W. D. Corcoran
and wife Captain C. H. Crain (U. S.' A.) and
wife, Miss J. Cullen, J. Cunningham, Mrs. J. D.
Davis. J. Fryer, J. Grimes, Mrs. E. M. Harrah.
Rev. B. ,C. Haworth, wife and family; Mrs. G.
F. Heir,' B. Henry. George L. Hosmer, F. Hut
ton and wife. Miss Tame Imai, R. Isaacs, Miss
Belle Isaacs, Miss Mabel Isaacs, E. Jones, K.
KamahaVa. H. F. Korte, Miss A. A. Lewis, C.
P. Low, Miss Bessie Marley, Colonel Melssner,
I. R. A.; J. Moreau, Lee Kong Nl, A. P. Niew
kamp Miss M. Nobech, H. Nagano,' Dr. D.
Parr Colonel Pavloff. I. R. A.; "VV. C.-Patter
eon and wife, Miss Patterson, Miss Rice, Colo
nel Chevalier de la Serr, A. Sydenstrlcker and
wife. T. Shokiokusai, F. M. Tucker, Miss A. B.
West. , : ¦ . : :"• '" ' ¦''. ¦ - - - ¦ ' .
The Toyo Kisen Kaisha's America Maru
arrived from the Orient yesterday with
sixty-three cabin passengers, twelve In the
Europeansteerage, flfty-one Japanese and
130 Chinese. She did not get to her dock
until late in the evening. Those who came
in the cabin of the steamship were:
America Maru Arrives.
FIRST WITNESS,
THEN PRISONER
ISLAND. PORTS.
.hazy; wind S"W, velocity 8 miles per- hour.
¦¦-- • - DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Augr 1— Stmr Celia,
hence July 30.
SEATTLE— Arrived Aue 1— Stmr Chas Nel
son, from Skaeuay; U S stmr Manning, from
Alaska; stmr Senator, from Nome;, stmr Dlri
go, from Skaruay. ¦ •
Sailed Augr 1— Br stmr Algoa, for Manila.
July 31— Stmr Al-Ki, for Skaguay ; stmr South
Portland, for San Francisco.
' UMPQUA— Arrived July 31— Schr Lily, hence
July 16; schr Lucy, from San Pedro.
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Aug: 1— Stmr
Chas Nelson, from Skaruay.
Arrived Ausr 1— Schr Volant, hence July 17.
Sailed Aug 1— Chll bark Altcar. for Callao..
Passed Aurt f— Stmr Hyades. from Nome, for
Seattle; stmr . Asuncion, hence July 28, for
Seattle. . • .• . v . .
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug: 1-Schr Vo
lant, htnee July 17. •
ASTORIA— Sailed Aus 1— Stmr Geo W El
der, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Aug 1— Stmr Pomona,
hence July 31; stmr Arcata, from Coos Bay.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Augr 1— Stmr
Aloha, from Usal, ' for Redondo."
failed Ausr 1 — Stmr Aloha, for- San Fran
cisco; stmr Seauoia. for San Francisco; stmr
Mlneola, for Nanalmo. • '¦--
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 31— Stmr Lakme,
from Trinidad. • .> •
Arrived Aug 1 — Schr Meteor, from ! Port
Blakeley.
COOS BAY— Sailed July 31— Stmr Arcata, for
San Francisco. r. ; ¦ .
PORT TOWNSEND-Arrlved Aug 1-Br stmr
Hyson/from ¦ Honsrkong; schrs. Marion and
Jennie Wand, hence July 19.
Sailed -i Auk 1— Schr Honolulu, for" South
Africa. . ¦-•¦;:•¦¦•;
SEATTLE— Arrived . Aus: 1— Stmr Hyades,
from Nome; stmrs Asuncion and Mackinaw,
hence July 28.
NEAH BAY— Passed out. Aug 1— Stmr South
Portland^" for San Francisco; schr Alice Cooke,
for Honolulu. , .- • • •
HONOLULU-Arrlved July 25-U S stmr Pet
rel, from Yokohama. ' . .
Sailed July 2*^U"S stmr. Grant. ' for Manila;
bark Haydn Brown, for Punet Sound.
To sail ¦ July : 20— U S stmr Buford, for Ma
nila. . • ' . •
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONGKONG — Arrived July 31— Br stmr
Knlgrht Companion, from Oregon: Br stmr Era
preos of China, from Vancouver. ¦
KINSALE-Pas«!d July 3I-Br ship Sierra
Miranda, frcra Tacoma, for Queenstown.
DEAL— Passed July 31— Br ship LangdaJe,
from Liverpool, for- Honolulu.
COLON — Arrived July SO-^Stmr " Finance,
from New ;York.
Sailed July 30— Stmr Allianca, for New York.
NAGASAKI-Sailed July 16--Br stmr Flint
shire, for Portland. Or. •
GUAYAQUIL— Sailed July 10— Ger stmr Isis,
for San Francisco. ' .
Sailed Aue 1— Nor stmr Horda, " t or " San
I*rancisco.
PANAMA— Arrived July 11-Stmr Acapulco,
hence June .18. . ' ' • - . • • • •
¦ Sailed July 23 — Stmr Peru, for San Fran
° VALPARAISO— Sailed July 13— Br bark Gla
mis, for Tacoma.
OCEAN STKAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed . Augr 1— Stmr Fuerst
Bismarck, for • Harabnrc, ¦ via. Plymouth . and
Cherbourg; stmr 1a . Champagne, for Havre*.
PLYMOUTH-Sailed Aug 1-Stmr Columbia,
for Cherbourg: and Hamburar. . ' •
HONGKONG— Sailed July 31-Stmr Glenogle.
for Tacoma.
¦ LONDON— Sailed Aue 1— Stmr Menominee,
for New York, j • . .
CHERBOURG-rSalled July 31— Stmr Kalserin
Maria Theresa, from Bremen and Southamp
ton, for New York. J . '¦ ¦ •'¦* : '
- QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Auk 1— Stmr Majes
tic, i for New York: stmr Waesland. for Phila
delphia; both from • Liverpool. . • ;j ¦¦-.,,
: GENOA— Arrived I Auu 1— Stmr | Trave, from
New York, via Gibraltar and Naples. •¦
• - LIVERPOOL— Sailed Aug 1— Stmr Cambrian,
for Portland.- Me; stmr New ;. England, . for
Boston, via Queenstown.
ROTTERDAM— Sailed Aug 1— Stmr Potsdam,
for. New York. ...•..-. ;• . .-. . ,-" ¦ v
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United . States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
. Times and ' Heights of ! High and | Low
• Waters at. Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
¦ thority of the Superintendent. • ¦
NOTE — Tho ' hifrh and low waters occur at
the. city front r (Mission-street- wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height- of tide is the same at both places.
THE United States army transport
Lennox is drifting around some
where eff Port Harford under jury
rig. On Thursday. July 25, her
tail shaft broke and e% r er since the
steamship has been moving slowly down
the coast In a southeasterly direction. To
add to the unpleasantness of the situa
tion the Lennox Is short of provisions and
the men sent out in an open boat to bring
assistance state that the doctor was about
to order the slaughter of two horses in
order to get meat with which to make
broth for the sick. As for the soldier and
sailor passengers, they were catching
goonies and making soup out of them.
Two meals a day, and hard tack and
bacon at that, was what the Lennox's
passengers were lMn£ on vrhen last
heard from.
The oil steamer George Loomis arrived
from Ventura yesterday towing behind
her a boat of the transport Lennox and
having on board seven of the passengers
and crew of the troop ship. Captain
George E. Bridgett made the following
report to the Merchants' Exchange:
"On July 31 at 7:45 p. m., in latitude
"5:42 north, longitude 121:26 west, picked
up a boat from the United States army
transport Lennox with the third officer in
charge and six men. They reported hav
ing left the Lennox at 9:30 a. m. that day
in latitude 35:40 north, longitude 121:55
west.
"They told me that on July 23, In lati
tude S7:40 north, longitude 127:28 west, at
5:15 p. m., the tail shaft broke during a
moderate northwest gale, accompanied by
a heavy sea» Their boat therefore must
have made twenty-three and a half miles
from the time they left the ship until I
picked them up. They report all ¦well on
board the Lennox but in want of assist
ance. At the time they left the ship the
leather was calm and hazy, with a mod
erate breeze from the northwest. The .ship
was drifting to the southeast." •
The men who brought the transport's
see the vessel away, but not the
rush there was when the Thomas went
out," as the Kilpatrick only carried a few
teachers. Those who went away on her
were:
Major O. E. "Wood and wife. Colonel F.' H.
Hathaway, Major J. H. Houston, Major A. S.
Polhemus, -Major and Mrs. John A. Metzger
and infant, Captain and Mrs. W. Wright and
child, Captain H. B. Chamberlain, Captain C.
R. Tyler. Captain and Mrs. W. J. Raynor and
four children. Lieutenant J. H. Aldrich, Lieu
tenant \V. H. Herlng, Lieutenant E. D." An
drews, Lieutenant D. D. Gregory, Navel Ca
dets G. "W. S. Castle. J. V. Babcock, W. H.
Allen, John Downs, John Furse, T. R. Kurts.
J. F. Green, F. McCrary. J. • HiUman, F. Mc-
Common. Mr. and Mrs. F. H. Wolven, Mrs.Le
Roy Eltlnge, Miss Marshall, Mr. and Mrs. Ed
win Joy, Paul W. Lineberger, Mrs. A. Buffing
ton and child, Mrs. S. B. Glennon and four
children. William Shuster, C. A. Conant. Mrs.
J. S. Parker and baby, Mrs. G. B. Borden, Mrs.
Norrls and daughter, Mrs. W. H. Cook, Mrs.
W. G. Penefleld and child, Mrs. J. P. Minor,
two children and nurse; Mrs. Joseph Plnquardt.
Mrs. n. N. Poullin. Cecil K. Shafer. D. D. Wil
son, .W. C. Fitch. S. D. Crawford, E. E. Carey,'
P. Limones, W. Ballantine. Stuart Walker.
Mr. and Mrs. TV. -A. Ross, Mr. and Mrs. E. B.
Bryan and three children, A. C. Goodale, Mrs.
W. T. Nolllng and two children, Herbert
Lucker, A. L. Griffiths, Mr. and Mrs. C. A.-
Gunn.
For Honolulu— Robert McAdory, Robert J.
Cout, Mrs. McAdory. - . .,..:..
>ipOHE United States army transport
I -sailed, for trie;.PhiUp :
1 pines . via Honolulu yesterday.
It There was a his crowd down-; to
Rear Admiral, U. S. N., Chairman.
COLUMBIA RIVER LIGHT VESSEL Np. 50.
Notice is 'hereby given that on or about
August 20, 1901; light- vessel No. 50 will be
replaced on her station off the entrance to the
Columbia River, about 7% miles S.SW. % W.
from Cape Disappointment Lighthouse. On the
same date the black , flrst-class can buoy
marked "Light Vessel Moorings," now mark
ing the station, will be - withdrawn.
No change has been . made in light vessel
No. 50 as to characteristics of lights, fog sig
nal or general appearance. -
(Lighthouse Board I Bulletins No.' 103, para
graph 30, and i No. 104, paragraph 38.)
This notice affects the "List of Lights and
Fog Signals, Pacific Coast, 1901." page 24, No.
84, and the.' "List of Beacons and Buoys, Pa
cific Coast, 1901," pages 40 and 47.. ; • .
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
N. H..FARQUHAR,
Notice to Mariners.
ney and way ports with a general cargo valued
at $103,543, manifested" and destined as fol
lows: For Australia, $73,030;. New Zealand,
125,380; Samoa, $4407; Levuka,.$269; Tonga, $4*7.
The principal exports were as follows:
To Australia — 10 cs arms and ammunition,
10 cs axle grease, 3G0 lbs beans, 16 crs bicycles
and sundries. 52 cs boots and shoes, 2575 cs
canned goods, 60,733 lbs coffee, 14,875 lbs dried
.fruit, -400S doors, 24 cs drugs, S cs electrical'sup
plies, 25 pkgs groceries and provisions, GO bales
hose, 214 'cs hardware, 15 bales leather, 26,118
feet lumber, 410 pkgs metal polish, 20 pkgs
machinery, 24 bales overalls, 26 bbls oil, 2326
crates onions, 55 pkga paints and oils, 21 bdls
pipe. 10O bxs raisins, 12 bales rubber belting,
614 lbs starch, 75 cs salmon, 65,850 lbs table
meals, 147 cs type, 100 cs whisky.
To New Zealand— 5 cs arms and ammunition,
130 bxs apples, 211 tt>3 beeswax, 500 lbs beans,
72 cs canned goods, GOO lbs chocolate, 917 lbs
coffee, 41 cs drugs, 21,360 lbs dried fruit, 23 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 195 pkgs metal polish,
29 pkgs machinery, 389 pkgs newspaper, 10 bales
overalls, 2135 crates onions, 35 bxs raisins, 530
cs salmon, 373 lbs soda, 5 cs 53 gals wine.
- To Samoa — 6 bales dry goods, 5 cs stationery.
6 . bales cordage, 30O lbs coffee, 17S cs canned
goods, S7 cs salmon, 4264 lbs bread, -151 pkgs
groceries and provisions, 31 cs hardware, 10,185
lbs rice, 6 pkgs ship chandlery, 12S crs onions,
£•8 crs potatoes, 23 bbls flour, 2650 lbs dried
fruit, 200 Ins lard. 9112 feet lumber, 7 pkgs,
millwork, 30 cs coal oil, 12 cs machine oil, 3
pkgs fruit, • S4 lbs tobacco. .
To Levuka— 21 cs canned goods, 15S lbs bacon,
10 crs onions, 175 lbs dried fruit. 30 lbs hops,
1 bale dry goods, 5 • cs salmon.
To Tonga — 2 crs buggy, 6 ' pkgs harness.
NEWS OF SEA AND BAY.
tltfes. as sometimes oecora.- The heights *tvea
are in addition to the soundings on the Unltexl
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) slra precedes the heisrbt. and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean o£ the. lower low waters.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movement!.
DEAF AND DUMB
MUST BE TAUGHT
"Even with this spread we did not make
much progress and at that went steadily
to leeward. Wednesday we were 180 milek
south of San Francisco and forty miles
from land. . Captain Williamson ordered
the third mate to man a boat and go
ashore for assistance. The Chinese again
went on strike and the mate called for
volunteers. Six of us responded and away
we ¦went, with no wind and under a blis
tering sun. Our course was northeast by
half east, and we rowed and saned for
twelve hours, finally raising Piedras
Blancas about 8 o'clock. Then the George
boat to port were Third Hate J. Spratt.
Frank West, J. P. Scanlon, P. T. Flaherty,
F. L. Rose, J. Lee and Dave Rankin. With
the exception of Mate Spratt all the men
were volunteers, as the Chinese crew ab
solutely refused to go in the boat. West,
Scanlon, Flaherty and Lee are time-ex
pired men-of-warsmen, Rankin is a Gov
ernment clerk and Rose is an artist.
"We were 300 miles off port when the ac
cident happened," said West yesterday,
"to the tail shaft. It was blowing pretty
strong and a heavy sea was running and
when the old ship got into the trough of
it she rolled considerable. Captain Wil
liamson ordered some sail set to steady
her, but the Chinese went to their berths
like rats and not a stroke of work could
be got out of them. The mate came for
ward and asked all that . were sailors
among the pasengers- to lend a hand.
Half a dozen of us went to worJfe and
with cargo booms and windsails we man
aged to get some *ail on her. Out of a
coaling boom we made a foretbpmast and
out of two cargo booms we made shift to
rig studding sails. When all was com
pleted we had the old craft under a jib
and staysail, foretopsail, foretopmast
staysail and trysail and maintopmast
staysail and trysail and two studding
sails.
Loomis came along and picked us up.
Captain Bridgett was very kind to us and
took care of us like the thorough Ameri
can gentleman he is. Allowing for her
continued southeast drift, I think ths
Lennox should now be about off Port
Harford and will probably be picked up
in the Santa Barbara channel.
"The Lennox left Manila with about
eighty passengers on June 27. We made
a stop at Nagasaki, leaving that port on
July 5. I don't know how it was in the
cabin, but back in the steerage the food
was fierce. Hardtack and beans, varied
with cracker hash, was our general fare,
and the day we broke down even that was
cut down to two meals a day. In the
cabin there was no fresh meat and in the
hospital there was a man down with dys
entery. The surgeon ordered him broth,
but there was no meat to make it with.
There were two horses aboard belonging
to cavalry officers now in the East, and
the doctor ordered one of them killed in
order to get the necessary meat. The
captain decided to hold out a day or two
longer in the hopes that assistance might
come. I guess by this time those horses
have been killed and eaten.
"As for the men in the steerage, they
caught and shot sea fowl and with them
made seagull soup. Well seasoned, it is
not bad and a hungry man would be
mighty glad to make a meal of it."
As soon as the news of the accident to
the Lennox reached the transport wharf
Captain Batchelder Issued orders to get
the tug Slocum ready for sea. She was
provisioned, coaled and supplies for the
Lennox put aboard In quick time, and by
2p. m. she was on her way to sea. Cap
tain Frazer of the transport Sherman
went out along with Captain Marshall.
They hope to pick the Lennox up this
afternoon and get back to San Francisco
to-morrow.
. ; t _ . ,¦.;,'..¦..
THE DISABLED UJflTED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT LENNOX AS SHE APPEARED UNDER HER JURY RIG
LAST THURSDAY.. , WHEN -THE RELIEF, EXPEDITION LEFT HER SHE WAS STEADILY DRIFTING SOUTH
AND WILL PROBABLY BE PICKED UP IN SANTA BARBARA CHANNEL.
Seven of Her Passengers and Crew Arrive Here on the
Steamer George Loomis— They Report Troop Ship
With a Broken Tail Shaft and Short of Provisions
UNITED STATES TRANSPORT LENNOX
BREAKS DOWN WHEN OFF THIS PORT
THE SAN FEA^CISCO CALL, -FRIDAY, AUGUST 2, 1901.
5
Time : Time • " Time
Date Ft. Ft.
. ¦- H W L W H W
2 .. ' 0:C5 "5.6 6:31 0.0 1:24
3 .. .0:56 5.3 7:11 0.3 1:50
4 .... 1:60 5.0 7:57 "0.9 ' 2:3«
5 ..: '2:52 4.6 8:41 1.4 -3:16
6 ... 4:07 4.3 9:29 1.9 4:06
7... 5:34 „ 4.0 10:22 2.4 4:68
1. Wj •"'. ,'¦¦ H W L.-.W
8 ... -0:04 0.4 6:58 .3.9 11:26
Time
Ft. Ft.
• L xv
5.J 6:43 : 1.8
5.4 7:40 1.5
6.4, 8:33 1.2
5.5 9:41 1.0
; 5.S 10:57 0.7
,5.7 .....
; h w ,
2.7 5:54 -5.9
Steamer.
Destination.
Conemaugh Nome & St. Mlcha/.I... Aug. 2
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports Au». . 3
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Vlctorl»n Skaguay & Way . Ports Aug. - i
Farallon Skasuay & Way Ports Aug. «
Queen Skaguay & Way Porta Au(. 3
City of Seattle. Skaguay A Way Port! Aug. S
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Au». 10
Centennial..... Nome A Teller City.... Au«. 10
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Rival.. Wlllapa Harbor Aug. 3
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 2
Point Arena.... Point Arena Aug. t
Mandalay Coquille River Aug. 2
Pomona Humboldt Aug 3
O. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 3
Matteawan Tacoma Aug. I
Milton Nanaimo Aug. 4
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Aug 4
Coronado Grays Harbor ;.. Ans 4
Santa Barbara. San Pedro Aug 4
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pt3. Aug. 4
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Aug. 4
Tltanla.. Nanaimo Aug 1
Tellus Oyster Harbor Aug. 4
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug. S
Neko Hamburg & Way Ports Aug. 5
South Portland Tacoma Aug. 5
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 5
Rainier Seattle A X. Whatcom Aug. S
Argyll New York via Panama Aug. «
TV. H. Kruger. TUlamook Bay Au« S
Zealandla Honolulu Aug- 7
Asuncion Seattle Aug. 7
Mackinaw Seattle Aus.7
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Aug. S
Acapulco Panama ft Way PortelAn*. -1
Corona '. Newport & Way PortsfAug., S
Santa Roga San Diego &¦ Way Pts.|Auy. %
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
Ansrast 3.
Hermonthla.. Hamburg & Way Swain
Conemaugh.. Nome & St. Michael 10 am Pier 34
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coptic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Antrn.it 3.
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 3
Corona....... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Ausrust 4* -
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier •
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt ....' > am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
• •' August 5.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier *
Santa Barb.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Mandalay.... Coqullla Ktver .... 4 pm Pier 3
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 3
AnfrnRt 6.
Australia Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Aconcagua... Valparaiso & Way 13 m Pier 10
Bonita San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier It
Angnst 7. .. . . ..
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Coronado Grays Harbor S pm Pier 3
AnKnat 8.
City Sydney.. Panama. & Way... 12 m PMSS
Bainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 3
Steamer.
Destination.
Conemaugh Nome & St. Mlcha/.I... Aug. 2
City of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports Au». . 3
Chas. Nelson... Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 3
Vlctorl»n Skaguay & Way . Ports Aug. - i
Farallon Skasuay & Way Ports Aug. «
Queen Skaguay & Way Porta Au(. 3
City of Seattle. Skaguay A Way Port! Aug. S
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports.. Au». 10
Centennial..... Nome A Teller City.... Au«. 10
Time : Time • " Time
Date Ft. Ft.
. ¦- H W L W H W
2 .. ' 0:C5 "5.6 6:31 0.0 1:24
3 .. .0:56 5.3 7:11 0.3 1:50
4 .... 1:60 5.0 7:57 "0.9 ' 2:3«
5 ..: '2:52 4.6 8:41 1.4 -3:16
6 ... 4:07 4.3 9:29 1.9 4:06
7... 5:34 „ 4.0 10:22 2.4 4:68
1. Wj •"'. ,'¦¦ H W L.-.W
8 ... -0:04 0.4 6:58 .3.9 11:26
Time
Ft. Ft.
• L xv
5.J 6:43 : 1.8
5.4 7:40 1.5
6.4, 8:33 1.2
5.5 9:41 1.0
; 5.S 10:57 0.7
,5.7 .....
; h w ,
2.7 5:54 -5.9
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Rival.. Wlllapa Harbor Aug. 3
Arcata Coos Bay Aug. 2
Point Arena.... Point Arena Aug. t
Mandalay Coquille River Aug. 2
Pomona Humboldt Aug 3
O. W. Elder.... Portland & Astoria.... Aug. 3
Matteawan Tacoma Aug. I
Milton Nanaimo Aug. 4
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Aug 4
Coronado Grays Harbor ;.. Ans 4
Santa Barbara. San Pedro Aug 4
Bonita San Pedro & Way Pt3. Aug. 4
Washtenaw.... Tacoma Aug. 4
Tltanla.. Nanaimo Aug 1
Tellus Oyster Harbor Aug. 4
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug. S
Neko Hamburg & Way Ports Aug. 5
South Portland Tacoma Aug. 5
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 5
Rainier Seattle A X. Whatcom Aug. S
Argyll New York via Panama Aug. «
TV. H. Kruger. TUlamook Bay Au« S
Zealandla Honolulu Aug- 7
Asuncion Seattle Aug. 7
Mackinaw Seattle Aus.7
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Aug. S
Acapulco Panama ft Way PortelAn*. -1
Corona '. Newport & Way PortsfAug., S
Santa Roga San Diego &¦ Way Pts.|Auy. %
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
Ansrast 3.
Hermonthla.. Hamburg & Way Swain
Conemaugh.. Nome & St. Michael 10 am Pier 34
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Coptic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Antrn.it 3.
Empire Coos Bay 10 am Pier 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma.. 5 pm Pier 3
Corona....... San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Ausrust 4* -
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier •
San Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
North Fork.. Humboldt ....' > am Pier 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
• •' August 5.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier *
Santa Barb.. Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Mandalay.... Coqullla Ktver .... 4 pm Pier 3
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 3
AnfrnRt 6.
Australia Tahiti direct 10 am Pier 7
G. W. Elder. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Aconcagua... Valparaiso & Way 13 m Pier 10
Bonita San Pedro A Way. 9 am Pier It
Angnst 7. .. . . ..
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
Curacao Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Coronado Grays Harbor S pm Pier 3
AnKnat 8.
City Sydney.. Panama. & Way... 12 m PMSS
Bainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 3
x Webstoi*'s Unabridged Dictionary OBBpHflE K9LflV^tf1kB^BBi 1 AiH Grand Popular Concert Saturday
jf fOI* $5*25 — An offer without parallel; the regu'ar Sg BflH" STIwH Ir^BjV Hk H B H from 7:30 to 10:30 >p. m. The big Emporium Orchestra
jf $10.00 Dictionary, illustrated with colored plates and thou- jffi BIH H^ITHB Hj H R^BHS >ni talented vocal soloists.
If sands of engravings; bound in full shcrp, with patent thumb B 1'^* JSkW%4§ , v 7hO Trained OocfCHtOOS on free exhibi-
>f index^on I special sale, while the' limited '¦ '****''- ™ 4B l ol€t4*IH 1^ll9& sff^l *T JgTft fh "*r ™ Coa ' n Attraction Hall. Half-hourly each day — 1O a. m.
i Table Gbvers 87c, Men's Underwear 25c Veiling 9c, Crockery Dep't. %
Igiiii^i^l I W^iipi| pflg^^ fB. -Spool*' Sal**-
* ¦ table covers: t/.ey arc S o inches square, very Men . 8 he W »l>be^cottcn. Underwear, in fancy br0WIlf light and dark b or, magpie and gj| . ffig Genuine cut glass Silts
* pretty design;, ;n four much-ln-demand color ' «npe S , well-made and nicely finished, non- gr een , that retails regularly 2 5 c per Q .A9B Ma and P*PP«»» * different
% effects— red, bu-, green and terra cotta; * «hrink»ble, ; on .pe:ial sale Friday -* ¦ yatd.-xvUl br placed on special sale at. ifC "BflilfiB yfj-XOLi Myles ot cuttings, as clear
X regularly J1.25-ta.h- the big store's special : a n d Saturday only, per garment. . 300 Pattern Veils— In b'ack only, with green . JMhX^ / ft}AM. M c !7 st » 1 » P >ate<1 t0 F*> ie 8-
{£ -s ile price icr^ Friday only ;...-.. Men's Hosiery— The' ce'ebrated toe-proof make dots, made to sell at 25c each, to be q ffffT7 r f W$k llary * ***' speciaI
g. ;.......' .;[[.[ 87C . heavy Maco yar#, so; t nice finish, in tans c'o ed out tc-Jay (Friday) at. .. W C /Jjw*-*^ \§§jrg%t<>-~*y only OO-*
f£ ' , '"' ' ' ' " _ only, best wearing 25c hos: on the market, Whi e quantity of above rcajr be tufficient fcr lifljl \Jj \ 1X7 ' ..mwO
If _ »»" • 9 tSkB oh special sale to-da>r, per pair. ... '.the day, best corns in the morning if po s'b!e >5£a£**' This Jardiniere, 9 inches
*>! B£&£B§£*Qi uStirSSntfbQSk- I...;....: 19G to avoid the crush a: the VeLing section. aciow, tnc top, a new ixnd design, shaded
Jf BL.{Xl3i:**<a> UPBMIUWS^b ... V . , - '. . - ¦¦ . .' ¦ . ¦ . f.om brown to pbk, highly -^^*-^_
«,* Ji Sp&cisil Sale* * ~ . ~~~. — ~~~?~- — ~ . . . ~~- '* $***** °° e <» f <*«*• best^c
I "m;,£ 37c on the Dollar. -^SPf)
shocs-hand-turned and The big storo w // begin an ex (raordinxrv sale In iho Suit <?~3— % W , atcr^S^^y
J hand.-weltei exten un . n, i o#oa^ Department next Monday, AuguU 5 h. The KByp\ I J'n i 7!, \^^/
g $3.00 and 1 3.50- cpe- ' 'j^'jfCj, - NEW. YORK, July^ 22; f.I9Ol. .. .. ¦ If® Jj new shape
J cial falc price Fndiy^ /^«^^J THE EMPORIUM AND GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR, San Francisco: — . F« #Wf lhown » ?»«»«, crjstalem-
S ony— ¦;.. s^\ J -• Your 6ff,r 37c en dollar for' entire balance of this'^ season's 'stock Cloaks, M *J J»^d, raised pattern, regn-
» *fxt& ««•« f mdm^"^ t\ ' pi • 1 irr • ' - ¦"> ¦-¦¦ '" j ¦ -¦ " ittmi- ¦" '• ' nr j 1 ¦¦ . -^ ¦•¦,: j • /SJ \ • Jar pnee ooc each, on special
x mBi*87m *' taimn^ Dresses, Sk:rts and Waists accepted. Will express vVedne5n ay,.. 24th. iJ/^^^A. sale to-dav on" t
§ ' .VZ- L a di«'fin iq uaityBoxCa'fL,ce ' . % ¦ / ! J \ J. STEINBERG &, CO. ; . ...... L.^^SO
Sf Sho;s — The latest - ityle new w ' ¦ '-'-'' ¦¦¦'¦¦-. - ' '¦' ¦ ' ¦ - '¦¦¦ - - - y - ¦
tf 1 ' /M^J\ t3e * n^ extension so'e, .... ¦ .:J ' ' . .- . , • . . / ... ,- i ¦ ',' * ': " ' '•'
I V ®*S militarv h « : »> »« «tra |i .50 The Frld'ay and Saturday f* i 25o Embroideries 14o.
*° «^ va'ue — on special sale . ' . "/. ' '. "''. ' *V^K More than 2500 yards of Cambric Embroidery
kX^" i!!md Clothing Sale W
U~^C - 2>v^ widtns— . .,«#. ,v. lrfr\ choice designs, that « ell regularly from *oc
| §t.97. Sh ouSd bring out a largo crowd of eager f\ |^p9^|^|4to
5? udic vie! Kid Uce Shoes^ te. buyers, If suvh absolutely be- *7 VV _ _
g Black ititch extenrion f o:es,- U\ I yond compatltlon values as . 4Qg Oraandles 27c
8 T\ m TcZ^lT^I/ -I these oount for anything. ;', /r My, VSA . a .pedaiiy J& lot \t 4 oo vard, of fiae
•? leather .tip, Ci'ban iie?Js, all /S! ' u ' , • ' // l| \/ (\ I'll . • •• i.- j /•« • t
S • and widths-on ' J&'' /\ We st II have several hundred Boys' Suits left from ./I Yr \ I U s'eer qua ity pure white organdy, 6S inches
» s;zss and widths— on . JB*, / \ j- v c u ¦ (1 I \ 1 1 -\ I T" 1 wide, regularly sold . at 40c a yard, wiU be
% special sale to-day M^WJ °™ extraordinary purchase of more than 2000 HJ-A y) I - ¦ off^d fcr Friday only at '_
g only, per par, \ r^£. J 4^ J ust ber ° re th; opining of school. It cost more \J, • WJ/ . H \ u!e at ¦ .....45 7O
*>* ti£V O7 SaaSb^^^ * to make them than trie prices we are asking. '*f \ I \\\ '
J * -— — * Boys' 53.00 Schoc I Suits— Doubfc-breastrd jack- .^ # ' o A\ ill '" " —^ S Jm' mm O.-f-. ~M
K <&irt£Ma*MS*B Q^>f«ai f ets and knee pants, : ir-s for 8 to 15 years.;. .^f.ifO LJ U- |U , , I" riuBy dfl/e Of
g Special &aie yOT Eoys . $4-C0 c c h C oi Suiti-Au-wooi cheviots -„* J I - nil ' * : Grnr*erie!S--Limini*<z
K Carisets—Furnltuft* and cassim^es, Vz^ for 8 to r^ years. ..... $2.43 \ f, \\ , • **ro3series--*-tiiuor9
%jrarp&i& riSWniVUre , t r ftti ci icu *„ \ •¦! T>- i- "I fc \. AM ¦ Best Soda Crackers— Fresh and Crisp, U
* T 2 pestry Brussels-Bright and cheerful pat- Boys $5.00 School Suits-All-wool pads and stnpe., plain J^%^M / 1 ' boxes (about io lbs), regularly 45c, «£.£
K terns of the ate.t des^gns-on spe- J, Thlteti and Ser K e8 ' 81zesfor 8 t0 « 6 >"«•• *9 O.R V S%&*?; V ' f cial sale to-day . . ¦ ¦/. . .... . . „ . ! 3Q O
g. c : al f a!e Friday only, p;r yard .... JFtfC ' ".' V.'AAV v""Vc ' I' ' '^ : ¦r---:-'*'~'~ €9 ''. , , '] ¦ \\ GhlrardelU's Ground Chocolati— The i-b
fl 500 Travelers' Samples of Injran— All wool B °y s $5.00 School Su t»— Knee pant3, round-ccmerel lack ccat and prettily cot double- , joctini, to-day.. .:.............. 25O
»f and worth 75c each— special to- __ ; creasted v:st/ all-wool cheviots and cassimeres, in n;w faU patt:rn«, sizes for :*L'A J -jmg* Grape" Nuts- The popular breakfast cereal and
day only Z5C lo t0 '5 } ear3 .:..... ....:.... O»a»«^CP brain food, instead of 15c per packate, to-
K Linen Warp Matting— High grade, very at- _.. ; ._ —^ » m ' -'.-,"¦• r a -• ¦ '. t day.- .......... »/. .2 pJcff9.23o
X tractive art and tile designs, reversib'e and . B §9 WffB6* KwM£*Bl ' JB EJ f* HZS i*t ttt f* fit Eastern Com Meal- Wbhe or yellow, io-li>
g -durable, worth 3 5cperyard^on_. *" ¦ •¦ "*" "" **" "^ *+.**§**** **** *****_ ". . to^ay .....22O
special sale to-day. .......... ISiEyzC We offer fcr Friday and Saturday enly, several hundred jf* ' '¦' fy Alaska Pink Salmon — Nice new goods, to-<fay
ft ish— on sptcial sale tc-day gt+n^ ' *&'& These su ts are made of fine worsted, b ue aid black serges, lilk-mixid catsimeres, tweeds and tabe claret, on special sale Friday jm ~
jf only...... ..&m3a75 ch-viots; there a e • p'ain efF.-cts and pretty mixtures; sack coats are either round cornered or only, gallon 4SC
g£ Hanging Hat Rack — Made of go'drn cak with squir; cut; th:y ate perfect y tai.ored and well lined; a very excellent va!us for lia.59; it will McBrayer Whiskey— Regularly $ 1.00 bott'e,
t^ 'i French b:veled p'ate mirror 13x13 inche3, pay. you well to take advantage of the extraordinary cut price for to-day an! to-morrow. ' on special sa.'e to-day only . .'. .75O
*„ 3 hooks, were $3.75— on — _ MOK*S PaiBfS— The $5.00 kmd, on sa!e Friday aid Saturday only $2*63 Holland Gin - Regularly 75c a bottle, on spe-
j^" special sale to-day on'y ...;.. &d£m 75 Men's Pan i&— Th; $3.00 kind, on tale Friday and Saturday only $1.95 ' «a'. sale to-day only ' SOO
THE EMPORIUM.
THE I EMPORIUM.
THE EMPOSITJM.
THE EMPORIUM.
B B JS BiRT^ Gr£_2 e&a "v n m
When a good phy- s)^
K||g Schlitz beer. A phy- SgP
Kj^ Ask him how germs
tSjyJl stomachs can digest 0/n
fef^ we know and what LJm
t&gjji would insist on Br^
R^~3uj| C/-V>lit
r f 5 'Phone Main <47. Sherwood &Sher- BRW
L^/\rf wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco tt~23iA. Hellbron, a well-known merchant of
Sacramento, is spending a few days at
the Grand. ''~i~_
A. W. Simpson, the well-known attorney
of Stockton, is registered at the Occiden
tal.
A. B. Lemmon, an attorney of Santa
Rosa, is at the Grand.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Flint of San Juan
are guests at the Palace.
"W. G. Chanslor, a prominent oil man of
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
V. S. McClatchy, editor of the Sacra
mento Bee, is a guest at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Since the famous Parisian flying-ship did not come
up to expectations when officially tested and ; the; sub- :
marine boat was also, found defective,; it /might .be:
worth while to reverse- the experiments. The flying-'
ship might do fairly well, underwater and the torpedo
boat prove a winner among the clouds.
• By .judicial decree,it costs -a man $22.50 to hug a
girl in Wilkesbarre. This should bea reasonable : in
dication" that most of the fair sex in ; that interesting',
town are old maids or Want to be. \ <.
INVENTIONS— A. R., City. The great
inventions and discoveries of "the nine
teenth 1 century, .were :" Railways, steam
ships, electric telegraph, telephone, lucifer
matches;, gas illumination, electric light
ing, "photography, ' phonograph,' Roentgen
rays, spectrum' analysis,' anesthetics,' con
servation" of energy, : molecular theory of
gases," velocity; of light ' directly, measured,
the uses of dust, chemistry In definite pro
portion,^ meteors and'-- meteoric theories,
glacial : epoch, the antiquity ; of man,'. or^
ganlc 'evolution established, . ; cell -, theory
and ; embryology, germ theory ; of ¦ disease
and the function of .the leucorytes.-^As to |
.which 13 ; the • greatest ' of >/these t there ; la 1 ' a
question^ among scientists and commercial
CORONADO TENT : CITY, Coronado Beach
Cal./ will be the popular summer; resort this
season. It became famous last year,; for ; com- [
f orCi entertainment ; and * health. - : ; Its '. splendid ' \
cafe was a wonder, i the fishing: unexecelled. ¦ |
MUSIC AND ANIMALS— S., Sanger,
Cal. Many naturalists believe , that the
effect, of 'music on dogs is disagreeable
and I they cite the | fact that if dogs are
at liberty when they hear music they
will take to flight;, that -the effect, is the
same on cats, but in ' a lesser degree. The
horse is sensible to martial music' Birds,
especially .the canary, are particularly
"sensible to music, clapping their wings as
humans do their hands In approbation oi
the performance. "There are a number oi
instances showing the. effect of music or!
different' animals, laut this department
cannot present them. - . ;.
PATENTS— A Subscriber, City. An in
ventor may apply for, a patent for his in
vention in -as many countries as he de
sires. Applications for patents in th«
United I States, are made in . the Patem
Office at Washington., D. C. "A" is ir
error when he declares that appllcatloi
for a patent ; must be made in Canadc
before the final patent papers : are issuec
in ' the . United States. This Governmen
does not depend on any foreign country
in thetmatter of issuing patents.
JAMES J. HILL of the Great Northern railway
system has become one of the most pronounced
adyocates of a comprehensive scheme of reclaim
ing the arid lands of the West. He has recently
to interest Chicago in the'enterprise by telling
the people of that city that if the arid lands.be re
claimed the Pacific Coast will soon have^a popula
tion of 20,000,000 and Chicago will be the metropolis
of the world.
Mr. Hill's argument is a simple one. There are, he '
says, something like 400,000,000 of people in Asia
with whom we can open trade relations. Those peo
ple are not civilized and care little for manufactured
goods' in large quantities; moreover, most of the
people are too po'or to buy anything costly, or of for
eign make/ -Their desire is mainly for food— that is,
wheat, corn and fruit. .' Such supplies can be most
economically shipped from the western side of the
American Union.' If, therefore, the Government pro-'
mote the reclamation of the arid lands we can fur
nish Asia with the food supplies for, her people and
thus obtain something like a domination of Asiatic
commerce.
In developing, his theory he recently stated to a :
correspondent of the Chicago Tribune: "People re
gard with amazement the present rapid growth of
wealth in the United States, but this will be compara
tive poverty when with twenty million people on the.
Pacific Slope engaged in raising grain andmanufac-;
turing flour for the Orient we can dispatch large
freighters daily from each of the Pacific ports loaded
with the manufactured goods of the Eastern factories'
the cotton. of, the South, and the food products of '¦
the mountain, valleys.- Then a river of wealth will be
turned into the United , States, which .will put to
shame the t visions of the wildest dreamers. If Con
gress at its next session" will appropriate. $100,000,000
in 2 per cent bonds to, be used in canal and. reservoir
construction, the money will be returned directly
many times in the increase and-value of the public
land." Indirectly, in trade results, the benefits will be
permanent and. incalculable." •
With - any tentative scheme ¦ for, experimenting or
DODGING ALL ISSUES.
A PLEA FOR THE ARID WEST.
WEDDING INVITATIONS— F.. H." O.
City, i A writer on etiquette says In regarc
to invitations to weddings: "No answers
are necessary. People living at a distance
receiving invitations enclose their cards
and send by mail. Those . who cannot at
tend, send or leave their cards for th«
hostess within a few days after the wed
ding." An announcement " that ' a couple
are engaged should be answered by a let
ter of congratulation to the one sending
such announcement.
It is said that- Paul Kruger* will go back to his
South African home in October. He should have a
care that his home is not transferred to the dismal
St. Helena prison of Cronje.
POLL. TAX EXEMPTION— G. H... S., r
Orange, Cal. The fact that a man ¦who is
21 "years v and over; has not registered
and does not vote does not exempt him
from the payment of poll tax. The only
male inhabitants in 'the State who* are
exempt are: "Paupers, Idiots, insane per
sons, Indians not . taxed and those " who
are over GO years of age." ,
" The movement for the improvement of the chan
nel should begin at once. Under the terms of' the
contract the stone drydock is to be completed within"
thirty-six months, and the contractors are quoted as
saying they will' have it ready in thirty By
that time the channel should be deepened. We can
never have a better time to make the fight for the
Channel appropriation than' right now, for the pres
ent administration has shown -itself favorable : to ; the
Mare Island yard, but we do not'know how the next
one will.be. \ » . -¦¦-¦¦¦¦
.The Call has repeatedly directed attention to. the
impprtance of the Mare Island Navy-yard, . has stead-,
fastly championed every effort made to impress that
importance upon, the officials at Washington, and
consequently shares the general gratification over the
•signing. of the contract for the dock. At the present
time there are not anything like adequate'* facilities
for repairing our war. vessels on this coast, and what
has been done to 'extend the facilities at Mare Island
is therefore in the nature of an action that has long
been imperatively required. When the new one is
completed Mare Isiand will have "two of ' the finest
docks in the world and .will be able to carry out :
repairs on the largest of our warships now afloat. .
¦ That much having been achieved, the next step is
to procure from Congress the appropriation required
to dredge the. shoal and clear the channel; To that
end the efforts of California . Congressmen should
now be, directed, and they should have ample assist-,
ance from the merchants and other influential men of
San Francisco. While" the navy-yard is of importance
to all California, it is especially so to this city, and
our citizens should take a keen interest in everything
that concerns its use and development.
MARE ISLAND NAVY- YARD is to have at
last the recognition due from the Govern
ment at Washington. The officials of the
Navy Department have signed the contract for the
construction of the great drydock which for so long
a time has been under consideration, and that will
naturally and inevitably lead to the improvement of
the channel so 'that the largest vessels of the navy can
reach the dock without difficulty.
MAKE ISLAND YARD.
THEM AND THEY-A., City. "Them"
being the objective case of the pronoun
"they," In the sentence submitted it Is
correct to u^e "them," namely: - "Told the
self-righteous people that the publicans
and the women would enter into the'king
dom before them." In another <. form it
would be correct to say: "to enter into
the kingdom before they did."
King Edward does not talk so much like a medieval
war lord as Kaiser William, but he is reported to be
showing so much of a desire to revive old-time pomp
and custom the British are coming to believe he
would be an old-time monarch in every respect if he
had only a chance.
BANKRUPTCT-L. V., City. In order
to become a bankrupt under the Federal
bankrupt law the one who desires to be
come such must have, been a resident six
months or more of the State or Territory
in which he files an application. • It is not
necessary that he should be a resident of
the State or Territory in which his cred
itors reside. " . - ¦ ¦
DEED— D., City. A deed of gift when
properly drawn and placed on record Is
as valid as one given upon the payment
of cash. -To support a conveyance of real
property there must be a consideration
expressed, but it is not necessary that the
consideration should consist of money.
McGOVERN AND ERNE-G. E. J. F.,
City. In the three-round flght between
Terry McGovern and Frank Erne, New
York, July 16, 1900, in which McGovern
knocked Erne out, Erne in the first round
knocked McGovern to the platform, or, in
other words, knocked him down.
THE PRESIDENCY-Subscriber, Ag
news, Cal. There is nothing in' the con
stitution or laws to,, prohibit a man other
wise qualifled",from becoming a candidate,
for the office of President of the United
States because he Is a member of a par
ticular church.
ANATOMT OF WIT— Subscriber, City.
If there has been published in English an
"English Edition of Antonio Zara's Anat
omy of "Wit" it does not appear in the cat
alogues of English books or books printed
in English. ; :^vv*
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Ilrs. Proudpop (upstairs)— Henry, where*
is the hot water bag? Baby has tha
colic.
Mr. Proudpop (In basement)— "Well, baby
will have to wait until I finish thawing
out these pipes. — Baltimore American. _^
Thinking of Baby.— Tom— I didn't know
he had any children. > %
Dick — Oh, yes, he must have one, and X
suppose It's at least a year old.
Tom— Ah! you've seen the kid, then?
Dick— No, but when I was In his ofQca
yesterday I asked if he had any ica
¦water, and hi said, absent mindedly: "So
'im "ants a Jinky 'ater, does 'ims?"—Phil
adelphia Press.
Doctor — Tou're working too hard; that's
what's the matter with you. ,.," ' i
Patient— I know It. doctor.
"Then why don't you stop It?"
"I can't doctor, I've to earn enouarh
money to pay your bills, you know."—
Yonkers Statesman.
"The pianist wanted his money in ad«
vance," said the manager.
"And. of course, you didn't have It to
give him?" said his friend.
"That's right."
"What did he do?"
"Oh. he did the baby act— said ha
wouldn't play."— Tonkers Statesman.
Choice candies, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special Information supplied . dally to
business houses and public, men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont*
gomery street. Telephone Alain 1042. *
* > \V ¦ , -; ¦ .. ¦ mm ¦
Tha mculorn kins does not lead his sol
diers to battle and «Ioes not even fight
duels. I-Iis idea Is to take care o£ tha
sovereign. Oh, modern king, live for
ever. • ? :"
Best "Way to tlie Yosemite.
The Santa Fe to Merced and stag* thensei >
via Merced Falls. Coulterville. Hazel GreenH
Merced Bis Trees. Cascade Falls and Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hotel at S tha
next afternoon. This is the most popular routa
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at 641 Mar*
ket st for particulars and folder.
vill be preserved by putting them upon the same
iasis as other business men, paying for what they get
tnd use. The' business will be restored and made
jermanent, and the consumer will get the benefit of
ihe most economical production of the commonest
tnd most necessary form of food.
ige, influence and good order, from the development
vhich impinges upon a proper- leasehold policy for
lie public range. The self-respect of the stockmen
x> neither.
The West has ever3 r thing to gain, in property, pres-
stroying the value of property which belongs
That is an excellent statement of a matter that is
ittracting the attention of the .whole country. It
neans that the contending parties are weary of law
lessness and warfare on the range, which merely de
rides which set of men shall have the monopoly of de-
proper, leasehold law passed, and injustice would be
worked to no one. Each sheep or j cattle owner
*-ould get what he paid for, and the good effect of
in orderly system of this kind would in the end more
:han repay him for the additional expenditure."
:he benefit of all. This would be the case were "a
sun in hot weather and holding the snows as they
melt gradually in the spring, are eaten away so clean
that they never recover. The result is that not only
is this pasturage destroyed, but the tracts lower
down which are watered by the streams become
worthless. While the question of land leasing by the
Government is too new to have been thoroughly dis
:ussed, there seem to be many points in the scheme
which commend themselves to those interested in trie
welfare of the West. The outlawry that has been of
such frequent occurrence on the ranges of late can
aot be allowed to go on unchecked, but it is difficult
:o see how it can be -prevented while the pasture is
rommon property. Then, again, the " lands belong
neither to' sheep men nor to cattle owners, but to
the whole public. Any profits accruing from their
ase should not be monoplized by one or two sets of
nen. They should go into the public . treasury for
"In places herbage and the bushes and undergrowth
.about streams, protecting them from the ra3 r s of the
indiscriminate grazing of the public range in com
mon, the Herald says:
grazing, sees light on the subject, and what it says
will gratify all who believe in justice between all own
ers of the public domain. Speaking of the effect of
OUR contemporary, the Salt Lake^ Herald,
though published in a community hitherto
antagonistic to a reclassification of the pub
lic lands and the leasing of such as are best fitted for
OWNERS OP PUBLIC DOMAIN.
CHARLES JONES, who was once amateur champion
bicycle 'rlder r of New Zealand and . Australia, has ac
complished the most marvelous feat on record, and his
exhibitions are now the talk of all London, says the
New Tork World: .
He rides on the steepest, narrowest and smallest track in
the world— it is only eighteen feet in diameter— on a road racing
bicycle which is geared at 80, and while doing: so himself and
machine are practically in a horizontal position. Moreover, he
removes »hls handle bar and balances his bicycle entirely with
his legs' and ankle motion 1 .
It is hard to give any adequate idea in words of the amazing
daring- of this achievement, for the track itself risea from the
stage at an angle of about sixty degrees, and oscillates con
stantly while the cyclist rushes round it. This is necessary on
account of the impact caused by the impetus of the machine,
¦which is calculated to be at least two tons! The part of it
which faces the audience is grilled so that those sitting below
the stage can see the rider as well as those who look down on
him from above.
Jones first gives a demonstration of his absolute control
over the machine while pedaling at top speed, and prove*
that he does not remain on the track by centrifugal force. He
goes once round on the stage, and directing his front wheel
suddenly toward the track he rides full tilt, and In the f raction,
of a second he Is seen whirling round it at the topmost speed.
The oscillation of the track makes it resemble somewhat a
huge concertina being expanded and compressed.
When in full 'career Jones discards his handle bars, flings
'out his arms and ths spectators hold their breath. It Is tha
most thrilling performance Imaginable.
"When Jones ends his act he still has to, wheel four times
around the small track before he can slow down sufficiently td
pedal off the track to the stage asrain. The daring rider fre
quently springs from his wheel while it is going at full speed
in order to avoid any possible accident.
In addition to this feat Jones rides around the track seated
sidesaddle, dons shirt, collar, coat, etc., while going at full speed,
and then lights a cigarette.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES?
Only two days remain in which- registration can
take place. The duty must be attended to to-day or
to-morrow. It is no longer possible to delay further.
The question is now up to every citizen whether, he
will forfeit his franchise and thus serve the bosses, or
whether he will register and vote, with the people.
Registration closes to-morrow.
The issue before the people is that of saving San
Francisco politics from degradation and the municipal
government from the control of corrupt men. That
issue will be determined for this election mainly at
the^ Republican primaries. It is a foregone conclu
sion that if Republicans surrender their nominating
convention to the bosses they will have no chance of
carrying the city, and consequently, every interest of
the party and of the city. urges genuine Republicans
to register and .make sure of \ their right to vote
against the bosses when the election takes place.
The new primary law gives to this election a char
acter far different from that of the former primaries.
It will not be dominated by bosses and their gangs.
Honest men have now a chance to cast an honest
ballot -and have it honestly counted. The bosses are
aware of that fact and have been straining every
energy and every faculty they possess to get upon
the register a number of their followers sufficiently
strong to outvote decent citizens at the polls. In
that effort they will be overwhelmingly defeated if
the people do their duty. The only thing' that can
give the predatory politicians a victory is a spirit of
indifference on the part of the better elements of the
people toward their civic responsibilities. . If any con
siderable number of good citizens stay away from
the polls the bosses will win; Tmt, if the workingmen,
the business men and the professional men go to the
polls in anything like their full strength, the tax
eaters will be beaten.
REGISTRATION for the primary elections
closes . to-morrow, Saturday, August 3, and
consequently there remain but two more days
in which citizens who have not yet. registered can get
their names on the rolls and thus secure, their right
to vote. ':'-' . •: i.
ONLY TWO MORE DAYS.
CHARLES JONES, AN AUSTRALIAN RIDER, IS ASTONISHING LONDONERS BT HIS -WONDERFUL EXHIBI
TIONS OF CTCLING, DURING WHICH HE SKIMS AROUND A QUEER TRACK "WITH HIS BODY AND
WHEEL ON HORIZONTAL, PLANE WHILE ROADWAY BENDS UNDER THE IMPACT.
The prolonged hot weather throughout the Mis
sissippi Valley, has set the people to talking about the
advisability of planting -forest trees as a means of
preventing such occurrences in the future, so the hot
blast may. blow good to somebody after all.
FRIDAY. . . :.'; ..'AUGUST 2, 1901
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, Proprietor. y '*
Address All Cojnmsaic&tio&s to W. S. LEAKS, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 2O4 .
I'l'JJLlCATIOJV OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 <o 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered tor Currier*, 15 Cen(« Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terms by- Hall. Inclnainc Posfajtei
DAILY CALX, flnchidlnr Sunday), on* year $«.M
DAILY CAUL, OactadlnK Sunday). 6 months...: S.00
DAELT CALL «nclud!n* Sunday). » months 1.80
r»AILT CALL— By Single Month.. 63o
KTJKDAY CALL. One Tear; 1.50
WTm.T CALL. One Te»r l.M
Factions in the navy may enjoy that way of getting
even, but the people .of this country resent the offi
cial sophistication of their history, .and will not
have it:: : ".;;,- / '
When a man's grievance has been made a political
issue, even his own judgment, he must wait
until some act of his fool enemies has offset that of
his fool friends. Schley has not waited in vain. ¦ His
enemies have attacked him through Maclay and
given him the opportunity he desired. Maclay's lan
guage is so intemperate,. indecent and so far removed
from that which any man of -good sense would use
in writing history that the country is inclined to de
mand not only that. Schley get whatever vindication
there is in the facts, but that Laborer Maclay be can
celed off the payroll and kicked into private life.
• Admiral Schley has been the victim of several cir
cumstances over which he had no control. He had
the misfortune to be made an issue by Colonel Bryan
in his Presidential campaign. The political' colonel
did not care a straw about the merits of the issue,
but Schley is a Marylander, that State was behind
him, its electoral vote was in doubt, and Bryan
wanted it. So he put in Schley in issue there — and
failed. to carry Maryland. This was taken as a rebuke
to the admiral; when the fact was that not a dozen
voters in. Maryland cared who was the hero or who
the coward of Santiago. They were voting upon
other questions entirely. This action of Colonel
Bryan harmed Schley, yet he did not procure it, nor
could he have prevented it. - • ,
But wherever there occurred cause for controversy,
as at the naval battle of Santiago, the strife has
raged with a fury not known in the personal disputes
of the old navy, although they often led to sanguinary
duels. . . ';¦; .'¦?:. •¦ ¦¦¦
In justice to all parties', however, it must be re
membered that we did not know the weak military
condition of Spain until after her incapacity for re
sistance had been tested and demonstrated. We took
no chances and wisely prepared in advance for any
emergency, and could have won against a resistance
many fold greater than our valetudinarian enemy was
able to put up. ', v
There has been a well intended effort to let the
Sampson-Schley controversy wear itself out. The
country did not wish to arbitrate between the two
officers, r.or to sit in judgment upon either. ; To tell
the plain truth about it, the general judgment is that
from the military standpoint the Spanish war was
not such an achievement as deserves all the brag made
about it. ' Its results are of high c significance, but
Spain as a military power was in such hopeless - de
cay that to whip her seemed almost an act of cruelty.
Where she had guns she had no powder, and where
powder no guns. Where she had both together she
had no gunners. There was not even powder enough
to fire an official salute at many of her . important «
colonial stations. The one joke of , the brief and
grim and unpleasant little war occurred at Guam.
When an American cruiser appeare'd off that capital
and fired at the petty citadel the hostile demonstra
tion'was mistaken by the Spanish Governor for a
salute. He had not heard that Spain and the United
States were at war. Dressing himself in full uniform,
he* embarked with his staff to explain to the American
commander that he could not return the salute be
cause his Government did not 'supply, him with pow
der! To' his astonishment he was made a prisoner
and carried off without being permitted to return to
his house for a clean shirt.
The navy is not without writers of repute. Mahan's
"Sea Power" has put him in the front rank of naval
writers of any age, and it is not the only work of
his pen. Captain Robley D. Evans, the "Fighting
Bob" of the service, writes as well as he fights, and
there are others. Just why Maclay, the pot boiler, a
civjlian, by official designation a laborer in Brooklyn
navy-yard, came to be made official historian is some
thing the country wants to know about, if it is per
fectly convenient for. those who can to' tell.
The American army has a history, too, though we
are not aware that it has ever been officially written.
If it were, and thj; work were done by some man em
ployed and carried on the payroll as post hostler, the
country would be surprised.
THE press of the country very naturally wants
to know why a pot boiler, carried ori~ the pay
roll as a navy-yard laborer, is entrusted with the
writing of the official history of the United States
navy, to be used as a text" book in the naval
academy.
NAVAL ; HISTORY.
MARVELOUS FEATS OF CYCLER
ON STEEPEST OF ALL TRACKS
tinkering with the problem Mr. Hill has no sympathy.'
He says : "A ¦ policy; of- arid land reclamation' to' be
effective must be conducted on a large scale. An ap-'
propriation of only $1,000,000 would bechildish/ Two
hundred and- fifty; million dollars was voted without
discussion for the_Spanish war. This was for waste;
In^these days of large undertakings an expenditure" of
$100,000,000 for a permanent improvement which -will
benefit millions of people should not cause hesitation.
Such an amount, properly used, would add $3,000,000,
000 to the national wealth. While it would .make
homes for a multitude of settlers, the greatest bene
fits would come to the manufacturers of the, Eastern
and- Middle Western States and their employes, and
to the cotton raisers and spinners of the South." --
.The advocacy of a man like James J. Hill is' worth
something to any "enterprise, and the supporters of
arid land reclamation will gladly welcome him to their
ranks. ; His prediction that ' such a" policy will make
Chicago, . r the metropolis of the world may . be dis
puted, for there is no reason why that city, should
grow.Cmbre than others because of an expansion of
our commerce' with the Orient. The effect upon Pa
cific Coast cities, however,' would' certainly | be great,
and, when once the work of reclamation had, become
fairly launched. it would probably not be long before
this coast actually attained the population of 20,000,
000, which Mr. Hill predicts.
6
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, AUGUST 2, 1901.
Almost all our sins of omission are re
lated to the great commission.
Arizona is supposed to be almost an un
broken desert, but in reality it has the
largest unbroken pine forest in the United
"States, covering ¦ ar. area of over 8000
square miles. This timber is usually found
at an altitude of between 5500 and 7500
feet. The total quantity of pine timber fit
for sawing purposes within the bound
aries of the territory amounts to 10,000,000
feet,, which can supply the needs of a
populous State for more than a century.
— Indianapolis News. J-.'.-. •¦-¦'•;.••
Arizona Not a Desert.
NEW YORK, Aug. 1.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— "W. LJeber, at the Cosmopoli
tan; L. Schench, at the Manhattan; T. M.
Grant and Mrs. E. B. Haley, at the Vic
toria; Mrs. J. N. Hamilton, "W. B. Ham
ilton and J. N. Hamilton, at the- St. Denis;
E. Rand, at the Imperial; Miss E. Butler
and Miss M. C. Plunkett, at the Herald
Square.
Californians in New York.
M. Carre, a well-known architect of
Paris, arrived yesterday from Peking, ac
companied by his wife. They are at the
Grand.
Amos Burr, passenger agent of the New
York Central lines, with headquarters In
Los Angeles, is at the Palace.
sWilliam G. Kerckhoff, a prominent of
ficial-of the General Electric Company of
Los Angeles, is at th« Palace.
Colonel John T. Harrington, a prominent
attorney and fruit grower of Colusa, is
at the Palace.
WHEN asked shortly after the Ohio Demo
cratic convention' how the Democrats of
Pennsylvania would deal with the political
ituation one of the Democratic leaders of that State
eplied: "There is no political situation this year,
tnd the Democrats of Pennsylvania will not try to
nake one. Their State platform will be- confined: to
The policy thus outlined has been adopted in Mary
and in advance of Pennsylvania action. The astute
ilr. Gorman arranged everything beforehand and
nade matters about as harmonious as they can be in
i "Democratic convention during the present demor
ilized condition of the party. He also has looked
)ver the country and has discerned no. political situa
5on for the Democrats to deal with, and his party
vill go into the fight with banners blazoned with
my and every kind of a motto calculated to catch
»otes.
In the meantime a situation is shaping itself in
Dhio. Despite Bryan's refusal to give aid to a move
nent among the radicals to bolt the ticket and the
>latform put up by the Democratic party, a number
)f stalwart silver men have decided to make the is
•ue and to take an appeal to the people. They have
irganired under the title, "The Progressive Demo
ratic Party," have adopted a platform laudatory of
3ryan, reaffirming the Kansas City platform and de
nanding public ownership of all public utilities and
hat all money of whatever kind shall be issued di
ectly by the Government and without the interven
ion of banks.
ThcTbolters are not likely to. amount to much, but
hey serve to show that the situation is riot altogether
O; blank as some Democratic leaders think. There
nay be more astuteness shown in dodging the issues
•f the time than in meeting them, but it remain^ to
•e seen whether the dodging' can be done effectively.
£r. Gorman is a very clever politician, and he knows
hat this is his last chance to win' a political victory,
iccordingly he is doing the best that he can, but he
jay find that by evading the problems of the situa
bn he will lose more votes than he .gains
BBBBBBIRBlBSHDBBisiBBBBBfiBSPlSBBW'' ~ . '- ¦ - - ¦ v
Call subscribers contemplating: a cbanp •*
residence dnrins * h T BI * mxx * cr monthi can hav»
their paper forvrarded by mall to their, new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
Tbls papier vrill also be on sale at all rammer
resorts and Is represented by at local asent la
¦11 towns on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
By G. H. Cmtwen & Co.— Monday, August 12, at 12 o'clock.
Real Estate, at 14 Montgomery street.
AUCTION SAXES.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "Garrett O'SIagh."
Alcarar— "The Adventures of Xell Gwynne."
Grand Opera-house — "The Senator." .
Central— "The Ensign."
Tivoll— "Aida."
California— * 'The Case of Rebellious Susan."
Orpbeum— Vaudeville.
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Sn/?cialt5eii. '¦'. •;..
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening. ' *b'i
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Swlmminjr.
State Fair and Exposition, Sacramento— September 2 to 1«.
THE FATE OF THE SCIENCE
THE ; OF
WASHOE SEERESS. DRIVING.
Life Story of Mrs. Sandy Bowers. By Wa'ttr Morosco.
ARE THERE TWO MYSTERY OF THE j
OF YOU? GVNNIS0N.
Vcall/
- ... . . . I / . . I ¦
DOWN MOUNT HOOD CALIFORNIA'S MOST
ON A REMARKABLE
HUMAN TOBOGGAN. BLIND GIRL
MOUNT TAAIALPAIS TWELVE PAGES OF I
AS A HUMAN .
NATIONAL PARK^ I INTEREST STORIES. j
MBMIHHKSiflHBHHBMHUflMMfc-r - - ¦ •¦"¦ - - - - - * - \The trial of John , H.-^ Cordes ; on-: the
charge of murder for shooting John Carl-"
son ' in '' Diana Hall, Pacific street," April 4,
was ~ continued •', before a H jury. In Judge
Cook's : court . yesterday.'. •.. The witnesses
examined for. the -prosecution were Katie
Eisel.Athe woman :Cordes had .intended
shooting,' J.*F. Chandler," Fay Lee,' Joseph
'Anderson,*; Mrs. •• Bell Wittel;- Policeman Ar
H.v Fowle f and;; Sergeant-'* Donovan. ¦ The
case ;will be ' continued this • morning. -.-¦
'" ' " ' ¦ - ... * ¦ ¦ ¦ - —
Cord.es Murder Trial.
The second annual picnic and excursion
cf the Alhambra Club will be held at Sun
set Park; Sunday,' August 4. A' good time
is assured all those who attend.; The boat
leaves the narrow gauge depot at the foot
of Market street : at 9:15 a. m. William.
O'Brien will act as floor manager and his
assistant will be W. Riley. The commit
tee of arransements is composed of ; Ed.
Miles (chairman),' J.' O'Brien (secretary),
E. Parnon, T. ¦ Lamey. and F. ' Walcott.
ARhambra Club Picnic.
. The funeral of the late ex-Senator
James Henry Lawrence was held yester
day afternoon from St. John's Presby
terian Church. Rev. Dr. Hemphill, pastor
of the church, conducted the burial ser
vice. The interment took place at the
National „ Cemetery, Presidio. At the
grave Captain H. A. Duncan, marshal of
the California Pioneers, . read the Pioneer
service. Many of Senator Lawrence's old
friend3 followed the body to its last rest
ing place. The following ¦ pioneers of
ficiated as pall bearers: General L. H.
Foote, Judge W. C. Burnett, Captain-Wil
liam Duncan, James Denman, Charles Bo
gan and Colonel Stewart, U. S. A.
Rests in a Soldier's Grave.
Inasmuch r as : the court is - directed I to , ¦/'In
vestigate," and, after i such ' investigation,' , to
report • a ."full . and : detailed ; statement . of 'all
the pertinent facts which it may be deemed. to
be established," together . with ' its • opinion I and
recommendation ¦ la the < premises," • i ~ would
¦ GREAT NECK, N. Y.. July 27, 1901.^Sir: I
have ; the , honor . to acknowledge receipt of the
department's ' communication i of /July 26, \ in
closing copy, of an order .."convening, ; pursuant
to i the request contained . In . (my) , communica
tion of 22d Instant, a court of inquiry."
¦The admiral in his letter challenges that
specification, which states as ¦ a fact that
he had disobeyed orders, . and , suggests
that it be modified. The department in its
reply declines to make the suggested mod
ification, on the ground that, according
to 'the official records, Admiral Schley
himself acknowledged that he ¦ had . dis
obeyed orders. The disobedience of or
ders was an established -fact, whether un
willingly or willingly committed. .
• The following are the letters thajthave
passed between Admiral Schley and the
Navy Department respecting the precept:
WASHINGTON, Aug. 1.— The Navy. De
partment has refused, to accede to Ad
miral ; Schley's suggestion that the lan
guage in the fifth specification in the pre
cept to the! court of inquiry be modified.
Sent to the Court.
Schley's Letter, However, Will Be
PRECEPT IS NOT CHANGED.
What people want are good pictures,
and plenty of them. Pictures have ceased
to be a luxury. They are a necessity.
Tc-day no house is furnished that lacks
pictures. They are as much a neces
sitj as carpets on the floor. It is our
duty and pleasure to furnish good pictures
at moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
741 Market street. •
Good Pictures.
In t reply you 'are advised „ that the precept
calls for ; an; inquiry > by the court and the:as
certainment of ; pertinent ' facts. For the pur
pose of .' setting . on foot . this : inquiry : the ' pre
cept treats certain matters as established, such'
for . instance, '.. aa ; the arrival of : the^ "flying
squadron" oft Cienfuegos and off Santiago; the
retrogafle movement westward, the turn of the
Brooklyn on 'July » 3, ' 1S98, and the * fact' that
you- disobeyed : orders, ; as reported by « you • in
your : telegram,'', dated Kingston, May ; 28,7. 1S98
in which ; you ; say: ';*¦ "Much ¦ to be • regretted—
cannot * obey . orders ¦ of the ¦ department. "
¦ * Inasmuch* however, as It Ms the department's
purpose that the court shall be absolutely free
to , report, '} if .' such * shall : be ! found * to ¦ be » the
case, that- you did not: willfully disobey ?th«
orders, :¦ or; that ; you were Justified • In •disobey
ing them,, and. that this may be .clearly under
stood, your letter of the 27th ultimo, with copy
of this reply, '.will be duly ; forwarded to' the
court. Very t respectfully, ...,--. ¦,
P. W.HACKETT,' Acting. Secretary.'
¦• Rear Admiral ' Wlnfleld S.'- Schley * U. ¦ S N
Great*, Neck,; l^.i -Jj^r-
NAVY DEPARTMENT, WASHINGTON,
Aug. 1, 1901.— Sir: ,. The department has re
ceived , your letter of th<J"27th ultimo, in which
you acknowledge the receipt of a. copy of the
order convening at your request a court of in
quiry to ' Investigate your . conduct during the
war -• with Spain and suggesting that para
graph five ; of said order, directing the court
to Inquire '> into . "the !¦ circumstances attending
and the reasons. for the disobedience by,Com
modore Schley .' of ; the orders " of , the ;. depart
ment," : etc., -'be ' so ' modified as , to omit the
department" s. expression of opinion: and thus
leave the court free to express its own opinion
in that matter."-" •"¦-¦_.-- '.- ¦> • . . ¦ ,
The formal opening ! of the new quar
ters of. the Mission branch of the Young
Men's Christiari Association took place at
2715 Mission street last night. An enjoya
ble programme, including I addresses and
musical: numbers, was rendered. Rev. J:
H. Kerr of Trinity Presbyterian Church
spoke on the "Relation of the Association
to the Church," and Edward of
the State committee addressed the audi
ence on the topic, "The Relation of the
Business, Community to the Association."
Remarks were also made by State Secre
tary Parsons and John. Martin/ Refresh
ments were served at) the close of .the
programme by the members of the ¦ La
dies' Auxiliary. .
respectfully suggest to the department, that
paragraph ¦ flve ..of the department's precept,
which is'as follows, .viz: "The circumstances
attending and the reasons; for the disobedience
by Commodore Schley -of the orders of the de
partment contained in its . dispatch dated May
25. 1S98, and the propriety of his conduct in
the premises," be modified so as to omit the
department's expression of ; opinion and thus
leave the court free to express its own opinion
in that matter. - Very respectfully, < ¦ -
W. S. .. SCHLEY, Rear Admiral. :
Hon. John E>. Long, Secretary of the Navy.
New Quarters Formally Opened.
The sessions to-morrow and Saturday
will, be devoted to an exemplification of
the financial statements, etc., and may
or may not prove uneventful. But a lively
session is looked for as certain on Mon
day night.
Equalizer Toland promises to furnish all
the excitement next Monday night when
the equalizers will meet at the Capitol
to determine finally and definitely what
the assessments of the various railroads
will be. It is said that he will make a
strong effort to have tne assessment of
the small branch lines controlled by the
Southern Pacific taken out, of the hands
of the County Assessors and placed in
those of the State, board. There are sev
eral short lines in the State of this char
acter, but a member of the board affirmed
to-night that Toland's plan would not re
sult in any gain, since, as he declared,
the assessments placed by the counties
are higher on these small roads tnan
would be fixed- by the State on the basis
of its assessment of the main lines. The
total assessment of the Southern Pacific,
inclusive of these county assessments, is
now about $46,000,000.
pany ' as a basis for , the assessment of
that company's properties in this State.
E. Black Ryan, the Southern, Pacific tox
agent, is here with a clerk and a mass
of figures. •
SACRAMENTO, Aug.- 1.— The State
Board of Equalization will to-morrow
take up the fine features of the session,
the hearing of the - financial and other
statements of the Southern Pacific Com-
Consideration of the Southern Pacific
Assessment Will Stir Up a
Battle. '
EXCITEMENT PROMISED
AT EQUALIZERS' MEETINa
A delightful reception and party was
tendered by Mr. and Mrs. John D. Condon
on last Tuesday evening, July 23, to their
daughter, Alice, in celebration "of her
eighteenth birthday. The family resi
dence, 765 Harrison street, was tastefully
decorated with flowers for the occasion
and the large number of persons present
testified to the esteem in which Miss Con
don is held. The charming young lady was
the recipient of a large number of costly
and beautiful presents. The success of
the evening was the rendition of an im
promptu .programme of rare excellence
and originality. A supper was partaken
of, after which dancing was indulged in
until a late hour. Among those present
were the following named: .
Misses Lillian Levey, Mtanie Budd, Nel
lie Van . Kuesen, Hazel Brennan, Verda
Wilson, Minnie Conway, Gertie Townley,
Loretta David, Vina Ford, Mildred Fitz
gerald,. Ethel Robertson, Rose Condon,
Mary and Ella McCarthy, Veronica Kav
anagh, Lillian Forsythe, Eva Pincus and
Etta Condon; Messrs. Jack Robertson,
Russell Seaman, Elmer Freed, George
Gladwin, Leon Gutman, Garfield Ingram,
Teddy Levey, Fred J. Forsythe, William
Hathaway, Eddie Hause, Oscar Bryan,
Walter Sullivan, Albert Butler, Richard
Condon, Arthur Townley, William Con
don, Sol < Pincus, Ralph Pincus, / Charles
and Harry David, George Condon, Ed4ie
Palmer, Mr. Kenny and A. Tillman; Mr.
and Mrs. J. D. Condon and Mr. and Mrs.
J. D. Condon Jr.
Mr. and Mrs. L Novlnsky announce the
engagement of their daughter,', Bessie, to
John Lefkovltz. They will be pleased to
receive their friends on Sunday, August
11, from 2 to 5 o'clock, at their residence,
220 Seventh street.
•Will Neff, sonof John Wesley Neff, first
assistant . in- the United States "Internal
Revenue Office at Washington, D. C, Is 1
on a pleasure trip to California. v The
young man ha3 spent a month at the
residence .of his uncle, Henry C. Neff, -a
wealthy orchardist of San Jose. At-pres
ent he is seeing the sights of San Fran
cisco as the guest of Major John. A. and
Frank Whiteside, both of whom hall from
Ohio, the home of the Neff s..
. ¦ Mr. and Mrs. C.- H. Koehncke have re
turned to their ' home at 311 Golden Gate
avenue, after a most delightful trip to
New York, . Chicago ( and the Buffalo Ex
position. • •;'•¦, „ •" :
- H' O. Raynor, George J. Springer,
Fred < H. Clarke and' toward Green are
spending the summer months at Mr.Ray
nor's country residence, ?Sheridan, Sonoma
County." - ~
Mrs. Ben" Schloss of 514 Devisadero.
street will resume her; day at home" the
third Wednesday of the month. -.
• Lieutenant James F. McKinley, aid de
camp tp General Young, is the guest of
his cousins, ' Mr. v and Mrs. , George E*.
Morse. - Miss Grace McKinley, his sister,
will arrive shortly from Washington . and
iwill make her home with the Morses until
January. - ' ; ' . .
Miss ¦ Caroline Ulmer was the guest of
Mrs. ; Thomas J. , Curley at Ross station
Mr. and Mrs. -TV J.' Allen, Miss Catherine
Allen . and I Miss »* Josephine :. English » have
returned I home '¦ after, a very pleasant va
cation spent at Alhambra Springs.
Suits for divorce have been -'filed by
Mary Engelklng against Charles F. En
gelking for desertion, Robert S. Andrews
against Henrietta L. AndrewB for cruelty,
and Elizabeth Hopkins against.. Gerald
Hopkins for cruelty. •¦
Divorce Suits Filed.
EVENTS IN SOCIETY
Driver Hall, with an abiding faith in the
truth of the maxim that discretion is a
heap more valuable than valor in such
cases, waited for no second order, but
stopped the stage with a jerk that nearly
lifted the five passengers from their seats.
The robber advanced toward; the ve
hicle and told the passengers to climb out.
They were quick to respond and lined up
on the road alongside the stage. - The
bandit then suggested that they throw
out their coin. It ' was not an opulent
quintet, for the sum total of the high
wayman's winnings was only $5. After
commenting disparagingly on 'the miser
able financial condition of -his victims, he
ordered them back to the wagon and di
rected Hall to drive on and hurry ! up
about it. - ¦
Hall whipped up his horses and made
haste to Potter Valley, where he in/ormed
the officers.-. He said ,the robber, was- the
same man who held up his stage a week
ago. -Evidently the bandit had hoped .to
catch the Blue Lakes stage again, but it
was late and he did not wait to molest the
passengers on It. Sheriff Smith and a
number of deputies are now searching for
the highwaymnn.
UKIAH, Aug. 1.— As the northbound
stage to Potter Valley was swinging
around a curve on the road about one mile
north of, Fort Brown and within -half a
mile of the place where it was robbed
about a week ago," a -lone highwayman
stepped out from the shelter of a clump
of trees and commanded Raymond Hall,
the driver, to pull up his team. The ban
dit was masked and nonchalantly fingered
the trigger of a shotgun. -'<; .
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"All I said in the matter," continued
Captain Schley, "was that I was natural
ly a Schley 'partisan,' and hoped that my
father would be fully vindicated. Surely
there is nothing improper in a son wish
ing his father success. I positively de
clined to' enter Into a discussion of the
merits of the controversy. In the first
place, I am not competent to discuss the
case, because I know nothing of it. My
father, has never spoken of the - matter
to me and has never mentioned it in his
letters. If my father has anything 'up
his sleeve' he has not notified me of the
fact." ¦ j
SALT LAKE, Utah, Aug. l.-When
shown the Washington dispatch stating
that the War Department would take cog
nizance of the published interview regard
ing the court of inquiry upon his father,
Rear Admiral Schley, Captain Thomas F.
Schley, who is stationed at Fort Douglas,
near this city, to-day stated that the in
terview as published was wholly unau
thorized. *
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Aug. l.-Captain
Thomas F. Schley, Twenty-first Infantry,
son of Admiral Schley, has been asked
by the War Department for an explana
tion of his action in giving an interview
to the press, in. which he strongly de
fended his father. The Interview was
published on Monday, last. Captain Schley
is stationed at Fort Douglas, Utah, and
he took occasion to declare that some
startling facts would be brought to light
if the whole truth should become known.
He stated that hetiad advised his father
to withhold none of the facts in his pos
session about Admiral Sampson or any
one else. He charged the Navy Depart
ment with having suppressed a letter
written by Sampson to Schley, directing
the latter to remain off Cienfuegos, and
added that his father had several strong
cards up his slee.ve.
While the War Department does not de
sire to become involved in the naval con
troversy, it regards Captain Schley's ac
tion as a breach of army regulations,
which prohibit an officer from publicly
discussing . service ' matters or private
transactions, and declare that respect- to
superiors must be extended on all occa
sions. Admiral Sampson is, of course, in
directly Captain Schley's superior. The
department holds that as the Secretary
of the Navy has taken measures- to pre
vent naval officers from talking, It is no
more than right that it. should take like
action. In view of these considerations,
Acting Secretary Sanger directed Colonel
Thomas Ward, acting adjutant general,
to send an official letter to Captain Schley,
inviting his attention to the alleged in
terview, a clipping of which was inclosed,
and requesting him to submit to the de
partment any remarks in explanation
thereof he might desire to make.- If Cap
tain Schley admits that he authorized the
interview, his attention will be called to
the army regulations, he will be forbidden
to make further statements in regard to
the matter and he will probably be cen
sured. ' . •
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The wagon and stage, road via Moccasin
Creek between Chinese Depot and Coul
terville has been widened and put in per
fectly safe condition for heavy teaming.
A new bridge has been constructed and
about three miles of new road built on
the west side of the canyon, shortening the
route and avoiding steep grades, thereby
enabling the stage between Coulterville
and Chinese to make the run in three
and one-half hours, thus ; offering the
shortest and quickest route to San Fran
cieco, Stockton and other points. . • •
Passengers leaving Ban Francisco • via
the Southern Pacific at 8:30 <a_ m. reach
Chinese on Sierra Railway at- 4:37 p.
m., and Coulterville • about 8:30 p. m. pf
the same day — twenty-four hours earlier
than formerly. Passengers leaving Coul
terville at 3:30 a. m. reach Chinese Sta
tion in time for breakfast; reach Stockton
at 11:20 a. m. and San Francisco at 4:13
p. m. same day. ;.. •- •-¦'•. •
Quick Time to Coultervllle.
War Department Asks
Him to Explain Re
cent Interview.
Mendbcino Robber En
riches Himself by
Five Dollars.
SAME BANDIT;
SAME STAGE
Sheriff Sibley says he • does not know
what to believe from the many stories
about the trouble. Woodruff was certain
ly shot by some ' one. The officers are
looking for Ward. The Sheriff says the
snooting could hardly have occurred
where Woodruff says it did and the ladies
not hear it. He is inclined to believe that
Woodruff followed Ward and that the
shooting occurred at another place. Wood
ruff is not seriously hurt.
Miss Hedwig Rosenbaum stated to-day
that when the party came almost up to
Ward and the woman Woodruff . rode
on ahead. Woodruff and "Ward were quar
reling. They saw a pistol in Ward's hand.
STOCKTON. Aug. 1.— S. A. Woodruff,
manager of the Fashion Stables, was shot
last evening while out riding and consid
erable mystery surrounds the affair. The
man who fired the shot is said to be
Henry "Ward, who had a quarrel on the
road with Woodruff.
About dusk the Misses Rosenbaum,
daughters ©fa local banker, and a lady
friend, secured saddle horses. Woodruff
accompanied them to be of service in case
the animals became unmanageable. On
the Cherokee Lane the - stableman came
across Ward and a woman, both on sad
dle horses. Woodruff, who owned one of
the horses, rode forward and some inqui
ries he made precipitated a row, during
which, he declares, he received a pistol
ball wound in the head. The Misses Ro
senbaum declare that they heard no stiot,
but saw the man and ¦woman pursuing
Woodruff down the road. They in fright
turned and rode hastily to town.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mining engineers have long seen that a
project of this kind could be successfully
carried out.* Several attempts were made
unsuccessfully to obtain concessions for
this purpose at Ottawa. The plum has
been finally picked by a syndicate headed
by Malcolm Orr Ewing and A. N. C.
Treadgold of London and Walter Barwick
of Toronto. These men have large capi
tal with which to carry on their enter-
The concession specifies that so far as
possible they must take to all claims suf
ficient water to work to the fullest ex
tent. It is further required that they
spend not less than $250,000 before the end
of 1902. Two weeks ago work was com
menced toward preparing for the main
aqueduct at a high point on the Klondike
River. •
TACOMA; Aug. 1.— Dawson advices (via
Skaguay) state that a syndica-te of Lon
don, England, and Toronto men have;ob
tained at Ottawa the most important con
cession ever granted in the Klondike. , It
is given the privilege J of immense water
rights on the- Klondike River, by which it
can run water from that stream through
flumes and ditches for distribution- to
thousands of bench and hillside claims
throughout the Klondike district.
¦ Special Dispatch to The Call.
Queer Conflict of Stories
About Stockton
Quarrel.
Capitalists Will Control
Waters of Klondike
River: •
be funny, in the same play, a Mrs. Bul
som-Porter. Miss Hornick's conception of
the character is said to be a delightful
piece of acting, and, . considering her
years and not unlimited experience, a
most promising piece of work. She is at
present "loaned" to Charles Frohman by
his brother Dan Frohman. and both man
agers are enthusiastic regarding the fu
ture of the young actress.
Mock Trial Is Postponed as Accused !
Fails to Come to the . • ; -?-;>
.' Front. ¦•;;-. • ' ;
The members of Company M of the
League of the Cross Cadets turned out In
full force last evening at their armory,
(28 California street, in order to witness
the court-martial t>f Cadet N. Feraglera,
who stands accused of "deserting his
post" while on sentry duty at the recent
encampment at Napa. .
The accused cadet was not in evidence
last night at the armory and the general
impression was that he was suffering
from chilly pedal extremities and • feared,
to face the music. As the court-martial
could not be held, the cadets enjoyed an
impromptu concert.
A squad was detailed by Captain J. A.
RIddell to srrest Feraglera. on sight and
gompel him to clean the armory each
evening for a week. Next Thursday the
accused cadtt will furnish amusement for
his comrades, as he will be placed on trial
under the watchful eyes of a guard. Lieu
tenants A. Henno and J. Fitzsimmons, to
gether with First Sergeant R. Power, will
constitute the trial court. ; : . . .;.••¦"
LEAGUE OF CEOSS CADETS
ABKAITGE COUB.T TVTATITIAI.
A NATIVE DAUGHTER WHO
WILL APPEAR AT THE. CO
LUMBIA NEXT WEEK.
CAPTAIN SCHLEY
MUST NOT TALK
"• . . Jones' ¦ clever comedy-drama^
"Mrs. Dane's Defence," is Miss Ethel
'Hornick, a former Oakland girl and one
of the youngest members of Dan Froh
man's company. "Miss Hornick is a tall,
handsome blonde, with a fine stage pres
ence and strikingly attractive face. She
left California 'some few years ago to
study elocution in Boston, earning there,
afterward, a very considerable reputation
as a dramatic reader. She then, at the
instance of friends, and in obedience to
her own strong leaning, turned hefr attend
tion to the stage and entered the Augus
tin Daly company, where her natural
gifts soon brought her into prominence.
She soon played with Miss Ada Rehan in
roles of some importance, both in New
York and London, and since then has
been steadily forging her way to the
front.
Miss Hornick will make her first appear
ance in drama in her native State Monday
evening, when she will appear as Lady
Eastney in "Mrs. Dane's Defence." This,
rather unfortunately, is not the part in
the play in which Miss Hornick made her
first big New York success, which, curi
ously enough, was the part of an acrid
society woman -who has reached years of
indiscretion, and is offensive enough to
AMONG the members of the Empire
Theater Company that begins an
engagement at the Columbia next
Monday evening, in Henry Arthur
MYSTERY VEILS
THE SHOOTING
The society proposes to erect a modern
hospital in place of the present wooden
building on the block • bounded by Noe,
Castro, Ridley and Fourteenth- streets.
The specifications call for the erection of
administration, medical, surgical and fe
male operating departments and private
wards. In addition to the business offices,
living apartments for the medical staff
and nurses, the new hospital iwill include
separate buildings for infectious cases.
The general medical department will
contain forty-eight beds; the general
surgical department Is to accommodate
forty-four patients; the female depart
ment will be equipped with forty beds,
while the private wards will be' able to
takf care of thirty-six patients. Special
attention is to be given to the operating
department, .the specifications calling- for
two aseptic operating rooms and one sep
tic operating . J room. Commodious sunny
rocms are to be erected in the building
and a complete X-ray room will be fitted
up. The hospital Is to be lighted with. gas
and electricity. A feature of the new hos
pital will be the isolation of patients suf
fering from tuberculosis. The total cost
of the new hospital is to be $250,000. and
it is estimated that it will re.quire $30,000
more to eauip the building.
The following prizes will be awarded to
the four designs which the hospital build
ing committee shall consider as answer
ing the requirements: First prize, $2000;
second prize. $1000; third prize. $750, and
fourth prize, $500. The building commit
tee consists of I. Gutte, B. Broemmel,
Charles E. Hansen and Carl Uhlig. The
decision of the committee is expected to
be made public in about three weeks. •
C -I-M"! I I : I I ! I 111! M'M i!14- $
Plans for the new buildings of the Ger
man General Benevolent Society's hos
pital ' were received yesterday at the of
fices of the organization, 320 Geary street.
More than a dozen elaborate designs were
submitted, each plan being filed as re
ceived, a- motto or number alone serving
to designate the identity of the architect.
PRECIOUS PLUM
FOR SYNDICATE
Miss Logan was sworn, and denied that
she i had ever presented her diamond ring,
valued at i $150, . to Lewis. She lent : it to
him, she said, and when she demanded its
return he refused to give it to her. The
-stock Lewis had given her was a present,
and for her mother's sake she did not
care to return it to him, although it was
worthless. The Judge advised her to re
turn the stock~lf it was worthless and get
back her ring, but her attorney, Arthur
Brand, said he did not believe that Lewis
could return the, ring.
Mrs. Waldron stated under oath that
she had given Lewis altogether $1450 to in
vest in oil stock on the statement by him
that the stock was worth more than she
had paid for it, and all that she had got
from him was $38. She had also given him
$600, which he had promised to invest for
her in some paying security, but she had
reason to believe that it had never been
so invested, and she had failed to get him
to return the amount.
The Judge -ordered a subpena to be is
sued for Lewis to appear In court thifl
morning, and said that upon hi* failure
to appear or give a satisfactory expla
nation as to the ring and his dealinga
with Mrs. Waldron, , ne would issue the
warrants.
Judge Mogan • has not yet issued the
warrants for the arrest of Paul Redfield
Lewis, oil' stock broker, on charges of fel
cny; embezzlement and obtaining ' money
by false pretenses. Yesterday at 11 o'clock
/was set as the time for Miss Ai da Logan
and her mother," Mrs." Harriet A. Waldron,
639 O'Farrell- street,^ who seek Lewis' ar
rest, and Lewis to appear before the court
and state their cases. Attorney Gibson,
on .behalf of Lewis, said his client was
sick and -could" hot be ' present, but -he
handed the Judge a statement of accounts
between Mrs. Waldron and Lewis. In
which Mrs. Waldron. was shown to be in
debted to Lewis to the extent of $72.83.
subsequently declared Equalizers L. H. Brown
in the course of a conversation. : "None of the
counties will be raised. The- conditions will
not Justify it. If San Francisco is raised others
will be. too. but I can assure you that it will
not be raised." - -: ' • -
SACRAMENTO, 'Aug. 1.— R. ; . H- Beamer.
member of the State Board of Equalization.
was informed by The Call correspondent to
night that lie was credited in San Francisco
•with having remarked that he would recom
mend or favor an increase in =the assessment
roll of San Francisco County of $10,000,000.
"That statement is absolutely unfounded."
declared Equalizer Beamer. "I have never ut
tered one word which would' lead any one to
suppose that I meant to do any* guch thlnp.
I desire to contradict the story and to say
thax nothing: has occurred, or' been said by
me, which should lead to any such conclusion
as would justify a statement of that sort."
"You bet. San Francisco will not be raised,"
assessment roll has remained at the same
ligure for years. This city, with an as
sessment of $415,000,000, pays taxes on
over one-third of the total valuation of
the State." • ¦ .
The rumor Is disposed of. by the follow
ing dispatch received from Sacramento
last night: ¦• - . .%.
Equalization, Is In favor of raising the as
sessment roll of this city and county $10,
000,000. This action, if taken, would re-?
suit in the payment of taxes on $425,000.-.:
000. When Assessor Dodge was asked
whether he had heard the rumor he re
plied in the affirmative.
"I have heard from several sources,"
Bald Dodgre. "that at least one of . the
members of the board desires to tack on
the sum named to the assessment roll of
San Francisco, though why it should be
done I am unable to fathom. The- Board
of Equalization has never raised the roll
of San Francisco over $400,000,000, and this
amount has been exceeded by $15,000,000
during my incumbency. It seems tc me
that if there Is any. raising to be done it
should be placed on other counties whose
A well defined rumor gained currency,
yesterday that Richard Beamer, one of
the members t>f the State Board of
Denied by Officials in
- Sacramento.
Rumor in City Hall Circles
Quarter of a Million Dollars
Will Be Expended by the
Institution.
Promoter Pails to Appear in
Court and Is Sub
penaed.
ciety to Erect Modern
> Structure.
German Benevolent So-
Valuation.
State Equalization Board
Is Satisfied With -
The Widow Waldron
Testifies as to Her •
: Investments.
SUBMIT PLANS
FOR HOSPITAL
WILL NOT RAISE
THE ASSESSMENT
BROKER LEWIS
MUST EXPLAIN
Miss Ethel, Hornick Returns to Her Native
State -After an Absence of Several Years
as Member of Empire Theater Company
OAKLAND GIRL WINNING HER WAY
TO THE FRONT AS AN ACTRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO GAL^
7
AMTTSEMENTS.
AA ¦ 1 1 Bfl « | a SAfl FRANCISCO'S
%#ULUI¥lEE$lH LEADING THEATRE
LAST • THREE NIGHTS— MATINEE SAT.
The Dlatln«nilshed Irisn Comedian.
MR. OHAUNOEY
OLCOTT
"THE SWEETEST SINGER ON THE STAGE."
In' the New Irish Comedy,
GARRETT O'MAGH.
"Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU 1 . Manager.
Hear OLCOTT8 NEW SONGS.
Last Performances Sunday Night.
PRICES THIS WEEK— 25c to $1 50.
Bes. NEXT MONDAY. Aug. 5,
Charles Frohman's
EMPIRE THEATER COMPANY,
Direct From the Empire Theater, New York,
Presenting Henry Arthur Jones' Greatest Play,
MRS. DANE'S DEFENCE.
SEAT SALE NOW IN PROGRESS,
mjf-mTfTf3« During; the Empire Theater Co.
JlVXJ 1 JC * Engagement the Following Prices
"Will Prevail: j2. $1 50, |1. 75c, 50o and 25o.
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
A TREMENDOUS OVATION!
Grand Opera Season
A II\ A .TO-NIGHT and
/¦3LIXF/-V SATURDAY.
RpLETTO^r""
Next Week— "IL TROVATORE" and "LUCIA"
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c, 7Sc
Telephone Bush 9.
AUi THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAY!
MR. JAMES AND THE
/ H AWi£iWlW COMPANY.
— — Presentlne— —
The Case of Rebellions Susan
EVE... 25c, 85c. 60c. 75c, $1
SAT. MAT .........25c. 50c, 73o
Bargain Matinees Every Thursday,
• 25 c and COc
SUNDAY EVENING —"THE AMAZONS."
SEATS NOW READY.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
T. DANIEL FRAWLEY'S Ccmpany
i ; "• IN- — '
"THE SENATOR"
, By David Lloyd and Sydney Rosenf eld
The Best American Comedy Ever "Written.
. Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, 25c.
PRICES ..10c, 15c, 28c. 50c, 75c
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week— "THE TOLL GATE INN. - » A
COLONIAL ROMANCE.
ANOTHER WINNER! LAST 3 NIGHTS.
A Splendid Revival!
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by > WHITE WHTTTLESET.
The Adventures of
NELL G WYNNE.
Seata 15c, 25c, S5c, 50c and 75c. .
ONLT MATINEE SATURDAY.
SALE NOW *ON FOR NEXT WEEK.
Costly Presentation. ~ .
"CAMILLE."
TO-NIGHT and Saturday and Sunday EVgi.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND 8XTNDAY.
LAST NIGHT— The Magnincent ' Production of
the Great Naval Drama,
TH#ENSIGN
JAMES M. r BROPHY in his favorite role as the
• ¦ . Ensign Ben ¦ Balrd.-. An Unusually
• Strong Cast.
PRICF^ Eveninga...... ..7.10c, Uc, 25c, 35c. 50c
IfllLLJ Matinees .10c, 15c, !5c
NEXT ' WEEK— Extravagant Spectacular Pro-
. v,. ductlon of "MONTE CRIStO." -
FISCHER'S ?°^SLr^ SE -
' CHARITT MARTIN, PIETRO BUZZI. " G. S.
Wanrell, . Mabel ;; ' Rutherford, Jennie Metz'ler!
Nellie ' Bruce, : Hopper ; and ¦ Hopper and '¦ Karl
and Bayle. :, ¦ - , , . •
- Reserved Seats. 25o. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS;
OPEN DAILY FROM ; 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
- Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m. ¦•
. , ADMISSION 10c ¦ : CHILDREN 5c :
Bathlns (including admission) 25c, Children 20c
Constipation or diarrhoea when
your bowels are out of order. Cas-
carets Candy Cathartic will make
them act naturally. Genuine tablets
stamped C. C. C. Never sold in
bulk. All druggists, ioc :
Keep Your Bowels Strong.
§VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY forMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising: from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
clgarctte-srnokingr. Cure Lost
Manhood. "Impotency, Lost
Power, Xieht Looses. Insom-
nia Pains in Back. Evil Desire*. Lame Back, :
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss cf Semen, mam Varicoeele or Con-
stipation, Stop Ner *5 ffl vous Twitching of
Eyelids, Eff«:ts arei^^rLlnimediate, Im-
part \ig-or ana pote *^ ±s ™ * *»ncy to every func-
tion. Don't pet <Jespcn<J«?nt; a cure is at hand.
Restore cm-ill. undeveloped organs. Stimulate
th« brain anj nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
S? CO by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Addrofw BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 Ellis St..
Ban Francisco. Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 38
and 40 Third ft.
¦u s^n^v fSB B9 KJB k2| E8 a
Is the baby happy and con-
tented? If not, send for a
sample of Mellin's Food.
Mellin's Food is good for
babies of all ages because
it adapts itself to the dif-
ferent eonditions and re-
quirements. Mellin's Food
makes babies happy. I a
Send for oar book, " Metlin'8 Food Babies." You will find it interesting. - We win send It ftet* |
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
MORDtt I
: this firetl Trala B
A " ; runs but twlct g
3 :' : per week during |
THURSDAY n<tt r I
P THE . Leivlng'tl 9 am, H
K ¦/¦•¦. It arrives in N
I Piiicnoyii Chlc * 8Oai215 I
E I I nil P« on Thursdar- |
I UflUrUnRlfl and Sundays. 1
B iiPiTFn ~ I
I Llifll IlU its hltf* standard i
P cl service is b
R . - V W fully maintained. B
I SI8TA Ft 1
AMUSEMENTS.
VAUDiviLLB
FROM THE NEW AND OLD WORLD!
MOLASSO-SALVAGGI TROUPE, ALEXAN-
? DRA DAOMAR, STANTON AND MODENA
AND THE BIOGHAPH. SHOWING
IJVUNCH1NG OF THE SHAMROCK II.
Last Appearances of THE 3 BROOKLYNS.
MURPHY AND NICHOLLS, ARRAS AND
ALICE. ED. P. REYNARD and AMET.V.
Peaerved Seats, .23c; Balcony. 10c; ..Opera
Che Irs and Box Seats, SCc.
~" .
fljJNNING A*»#AlfNE$S RACING.
Battle and MorsE JiL.>
* OAiR/r Contests.
0S$* Exhibitor 8^
Carried Free. •-
fop Particulars Wpii&.
GedWaCKSON. ABiPRfCKEL^
•SECTY.. PRESiDENT.
CHUTES AND^OO m
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
LUNETTE, THE MAID OF THE AIR. i
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
GRAND PRIZE CAKEWALK!
THE BLACK BARTONS OF NEW YORK ?«.
THE STEWARTS OF THIS CITY.
Telephone for Seats-Park 23. .
SAN FR^CISCO"ys. OAKLAND.
TO-DAY AND T0«M02R0W AT 3:15 P.5L
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION PARK,
Eichtb and Harrison streets. *
PALACE & ~
These hotels possess
ANn the attributes that tour-
' tets and travelers ap-
fV> A NTH preclate^ — central loca-
UlvAriLJ tion. liberal manage-
WfYTBT C ment, modern appolnt-
nUlELj, menta and perfect cui-
*. sine.
San American and Euro-
pean plans.
Francisco.
fW favorite:
FOR WEAK WGrVgESJ.
D "D T T O UT T? O for barbers, baic.
DilUuilJlO"'' bootblacks, bath-
~T- .* w "f. - > , nousea. billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canner?.
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters. . shoe - factories,
¦tablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento gt
___ , . . —
Oppression, Suffocation, neuralgia, etc., cured by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. BSPIC ; New York, E. FOL'GER A & CO.
SOLD BY ALIj DRUGGISTS S
IA/. X. H ESS,
5 NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOIINEY-AT-LIW. "
Tenth Floor. Room 1013, Claua SpreckeU BI43.
¦Telephone Brown 931.
' Residence. 821 California St.. below Powell.
* | . gaa FraacUa* ,
,ATiy }f. R/TTfiTTM MNTfi,
ADVERTISEMENTS.New York Money Market.
LONDON. Aug. 1.— Anaconda,' 9: Atchison.
76^4 ; do prefd. 98; Canadian . Pacific. , 110% ;T>.
& R. G.,.42%: do prefd. 93V4: Northern Pacific
PJ^^ d - i 9: Southern Pacific. 57%; Union Pacific,
102%; do prefd.- 91. Money, 2V4 per cent. Bar
silver. 26 15-16d per ounce. -.
CLOSING,
NEW YORK, Aug. l.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Stagnation continued to-day In > the ¦ markets
here. _ _ Americans were almost forgotten | ex
cept Norfolk and Western issues," which spurt
ed sharply on the idea, that Pennsylvania in
terests are increasing their holdings with a
view to control. The list sympathized apathet
ically. The market repaid large loana due the
nanl- and easy rates are returning with ,th«
beginning? of the month. Berlin exchange,
London Market.
....:.. 91\!ParfQtt ....;."...:;.. BO j
Gen tlec 250 Qulncy : :17O : .
Mexican Cent .... 22% Santa Fe Copper..- 6 ¦
J,EGas & Coke.. 6 Tamarack- ....348
OW Colony 208 . Utah Mining ...... 29
° T ld , Dominion .... 30 - Winona ............ 2^
Union pacific ..... 98% Wolverines ........ 61
THE COAST RECORD.
WO Randolph, Los A
F Wallace, Berkeley
H J Baldwin. S Jose
W F White, S Jose
Mr. Cunningham. Cal
W Mason. Bakersfleld
G F Dltzler, Biggs
F D Wiley & w, Denvr
R C Hunt, Tacoma
W VTurney, Campbell
K J Arata. ' Los Ang
H Hansen & w Vancvr
A C Chasmar, N Y
Mrs Whitney,' Rocklln
Miss Whitney, Rocklln
Mrs Dulln & son. Dnvr
Miss Pfelfer, Denver
C Ayers. S Barbara
Mrs Urdeman, Gnzales
J L Bryson. Gonzales
J Antush, Denver
"TO* J Hassett, Sacto
S Souther Jr. Chicago
J a Vogelgeson & w,
Manila
C Henkingr & w, S Dgo
A Hellbron, Saeto
J H Bradbeen. L Ang
T H Danney. Texas
B B Deralns, Auburn
P Schafo & f, St Louis
E Bronougrh & w, Ptld
Col Meissner, St Ptsbg
Mrs Kasedolph. Los A
A Burton. Boston
G L Hosmer. Boston
E Jones, Hongkong
A Mlerchamp. Camargf
M Carre, Paris
Mrs. Carre, Paris
T Morean. Shanghai
J D McNab. Los Ang
W Greeberg. Sacto
T Heater." Walla Walla
Mrs.Llndsy, Grass Vy
Mrs Fletcher. Grass V
S Frazer. San Jose
Mrs Frazer. San Jose
# 'Mulky. Davis Creek
A Malky, Davis Creek
F Atkinson,' Sacto
F Stoddard. Sonora
H Picket. Placervllle
D Bovine, Amsterdam
Col Debe Cerre. Ptrsbg
Col Pairloff. Ptrsbrg
Mrs Halgut, Woodland
Mrs Blddle. San Jose
H Biddle. San Jose
Mrs "Wolf, Portland
O Henklng & w. N Y
C S Pierce, Fresno
E Perlburg, Chlcayo
A Lemmon, Snta Ross
F Nlckerson, Seattle
G Wessott. Concord
H Gran, Sacto
A Zeigller, Buffalo
W Somes, Los Angr
S Jacobs & w, Gualala
J Stearns. Los Ang
"W Layman. Chicago
C Rempslu, Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
PALACE HOTEL
A Winter. NY
H R Elliot & W, Cor
delia r -
Mrs "VV F Oliver. "Wash
Mrs -M O Donovan. Cal
W G Chanslor, L Ang
E W. Mason, Coallnga
R H Parsons & w r Cal
F S Dickinson. NY- -
W H Fisk, Chlcaro
J F Sartoh. Chicago -
W-G KerckhofT, L Ang
Mrs E B Havens, NY
Mrs A Burn, N Y ¦.
Mrs Dr-L A Clnnet.NY
Mrs S E Osterander,
N Y
C W Steiser," Chicago
W L Stewart. L Ang;
F A Garbutt. Los Ang
C B Barnes, Los Ang
H K Sheldon Jr. N Y
J H Wilson & w. Del
Misa V R Harrington,
Del
H R Harrington, Del
L A Grant. Los Ang
E : H Bursham. Mich
S de Arcos. Ssain
P McD Fuller &. w,
Baltimore
B F Brooks, Bakrsfield
J O Leeser Jr. Phila •
G N Leeper. Phila
G C Leonard, Albany
E S Steven. N Y
Miss E Ajnew. N Y
F A Barr. Los Ang
W Rose. Los Angeles
J S Brook, Lo3 Anff
J Grimes, Germany
W O Corcoran & w.
Piitsours
Mrs E M Harrah. Pa
Mrs F E Hntton, N T
F L Hiitton, N Y
C S Armstrong, N Y
D Parr. X Y
B Henry. ¦ Detroit
R Isaacs. N Y
Miss B"ella- Isaacs, NY
Miss-Mabel Isaacs. NY
C S N Byvauck. Holld
F Geurr; , Guatemala
"W ¦ Bussey. N Y
J Murray. Scotland '
Dr T Flint & W. Cal
H T Skinner. St Louis
H K Bull & w. N Y
J A Held, Hamburs
J Phillies Jr. Boston
F M" Clark. N Y
J.T Harrington. Cal
R H Herron. Los Ans
J E Kaulsell. N Y
HOTIX AKBIVALS.
; NEW YORK, Aug. 1.— A weak and consider
ably lower tin market : was "experienced ' to-day,"
due - principally ¦ to '¦ monthly *¦ bearish :¦¦ statistic?
and. the sympathy .; with the depression In Lon-
New York Metal Market.
Wheat— ' "July: Sept. -Dec.
Opening .....'.. .;.'..........';... 21 80 » . 22 80
Closing 21 70v ; 22 70 i
Flour— ¦ ' • .
Opening .:...'... 27 65 - 28 90
Closing ....:.;. 27 35 28 SO
\ -
LIVERPOOL. .. ' .
Wheat— " : • Sept. ' ¦'" VDec.
Opening ...........". 5 6% 5 8
Closing ............................. 5 6ii ; 5 8^
' • ' PARIS. . ; -
Foreign Futures.
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
700 Con Cal & Va..2 15 100 Savage ......... 09
10OO Con Imperial... 02 100 Union Con...... 15,
300 Kentuck- ....... 04
Afternoon Session.
100 Andes 04 100 Hale & Norcrs. 16
200 Challenge 35 500 Justice 07
200 Con Cal & Va..2 15 100 Mexican 17
10C0,Con Imperial... 02 300 Mexican is
100 Confidence 125 300 Ophir 75
100 Gould & Curry. 16 200 Ophlr ... .... 78
400 Gould & Curry- 17 200 Silver Hill 32
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange . yesterday : ¦
Morning Session.
400 Hale & Norcrs.' 1* 200 Silver Hill...... 31
500 Kentuck ....... 03 500 Utah ............ 03
200 Mexican .....:.. 17
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 03 100 Gould & Curry. 15
200 Best & Belcher 17 200 Mexican ...- 17
150 Caledonia 35 100- Ophir 75
200 Chajlenge Con.. 39 300 Potosl .......... ° 06
1100 Con Cal & V...2 15 200 Sierra Nevada. 17
750 Con Cal & V.2 17% 200 Silver Hill 31
1000 Con Cal & V.-. .2 20 200 Yellow Jacket.. 26
10 Con Cal & V...2 00
THURSDAY. August 1—4 p. m.
BId.Ask ' Bid.Ask.
Alpha C3 05 Justice 07 08
Alta 04 C6 Kentuck ....... 03 04
Andes 03, 05 Lady Wash.... 01 —
Belcher ........ 08 -09 Mexican- -1G 17
Best & Belcher 17 . IS | Occidental C6 0«
Bullion.. 01 02 Opbir 73 74
Caledonia ..' 35 ' 37 Overman 13. IS
Challenge Con.. 36 37 Potosl 06 07
Chollar ...' .'. OS 09 Savage 08 09
Confidence .....1 20 1 25 Scorpion ... — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 10 2 15 Seg Belcher . 01 03
Con Imperial... • 01 ¦ 02 Sierra Nevada. 17 18
Con New, York. 01. : 02 Silver. Hill...... 32 33
Crown- Point... OS 09 St" Louis....'.... M —
Eureka 'Con.:.. 10 . — Standard 3 35 —
Exchequer ..... 01 02 Syndicate '...... 07 —
Oould & Curry. 14 lSIUnlon Con 15-15
Hale & Norcrs. 15 16|Utah 03 04
Julia'......:..... - 02 'Yellow, 'Jacket.. V 25 ! '.26
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands eell
about l%c under I quotations. | Heavy ! salted
Steers, - 10%c; medium, 9@10c; ' light, " 8%@3c;
Cow Hides, . 8%®9c '; for heavy and 8%@9c . for
light; Stags. 6%c; Salted Kip, 9%c; Salted Veal.
9%@10c ; Salted Calf, ; 10c ; Dry Hides. . 16<g;iG%c ;
Culls, -, 14c; ; Dry Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 17@17%u;
Culls : and Brands, 14@15c; Sheepskins, shear
lings."- 1 15@30c each; short Wool, 1 30@50c each;
medium. 50@75c ; long Wool. 75c@$l each ; Horse
Hides,- salt, $2 50@2 75 for large and -$2@2 25 for
medium, $1 50@l 75 for small and 50c for Colts;
Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 50 for me
dium, $1 25 for small and 50c for Colts. ' Deer
skins—Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or medium
skins. 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. ' Goatskins
— Prime Angoras, ¦ 75c; large and . smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c. • • •• : " .
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 4?ic per lb; choice
5c; No. '2, 3%@4c; grease. 2%@3c. >-
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendoclno," 14@15%c: do. Lambs', lie per lb;
Northern, free, 12@13c: defective; 9@llc; Middle
County, free, 10@llc; do, defective, 8@10c:
Southern, 12 i months. 8@9c; Southern, free, 7
months,' 7@10c;do, defective,' 7 months, 7@8c:
Oregon "Valley, fine, r: 14(f?15c; do, medium and
coarse. ll(S13c; Oregon. Eastern, choice, ll@13c;
do, fair to good,'9©llc; Nevada; 10@ll%c. Fall
—San Joaquin Lambs', 7%@9c ¦
HOPS— 15@20c ; per lb. ,
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California* Family Extras. $3 23®
$3 50, usual terms; _BaTtefs' .Extras, | $3 13® 3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 ; per . barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers* ; "Washington bakers', $2 75
©3. :¦ -, ¦¦¦¦- .' . .'.;.. . ,;;•.•; ¦ ; , ..,;..,
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount • E to .. the trade: • Graham
Flour. $3 per- 100 lbs; ¦" Rye " Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal,: $2 50: Rice Flour. .$7: Corn Meal. .$3 25:
extra cream do. $4: Oat Groats, ¦ $5; Hominy,
$4jT4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4 25: , Cracked
Wheat. $3 50 ;" Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 85@8 35;
in sacks, ' $6 50@8;", Pearl Barley. ' $5;. Split
Peas,- $5; Green Peas, $6 50 ; per 100 lbs. ¦-¦'.'¦r-^j-
Hay | and Feedstuff s.
¦¦ ' Nine cars . of Hay. were on t the tracks.' . ' The
situation - remained ; unchanged ' all around.
: - BRAN-$18 50@19 per ton; ,
MIDDLINGS— $19 50(f 21 per ton. -.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, ' $16@17 50 per
ton; Oilcake Meal . at : the mill; $25@26; Jobbing.
$26 50. Cocoa nut Cake, $17@18;.Corn Meal, $30 60
tf?31 50; Cracked i Corn, $31@32 ; Mixed Feed, $17
@18.'.: ,.¦¦:¦/. ¦. . -.•;.. ;v ¦ :-".¦¦.; :¦¦•':: :.. :
¦ HAT— Wheat. $7@9 CO: choice, $10; .Wheat and
Oat, . $6 50@9:' Oat. $6@8 50; Barley and Oat.
J6©8: Alfalfa,' $7@9; Clover, $6 50@7; Volunteer,
14 60^5 60 *»•¦*' '• ' v -"'"•¦ *tv 7 -¦"<<['" - -¦¦¦¦•. " -v •¦¦ i ¦¦ ¦>¦
; STRAW-25(gi^c per bale.
General Merchandise.
¦¦ ' GRAINS BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags. 8c;
local make. %c less than Calcuttas; WoolBags.
32'|?35c : Fleece Twine/ 7%@8c: Fruit Bags, 5%@
6c for cotton and 8%@S%c for Jute."
COAL— Wellington, v $9 per " ton; Southfield
Wellington, $9 ; Seattle, $7 ; ' Bryant. ' $6 50 ; Coos
Bay." ; $5 50; ' Wallsend, ¦ $9; Co-operative Wall
send. $9;, Cumberland. $12 50 in hulk nnd $13 75
In i sacks ; Pennsylvania i Anthracite , Egg, $14 ;
Cannel. $10. per. ton;, Coke. $15 per, ton. in bulk
and $17 In saeks; Rocky Mountain; descriptions,
$8 45 per 1 2000 lbs ' and $8 50 per : ton, ; according
to' brand. r ' ; ' . "*. "•'¦>' — , . '. : ¦:. -, "¦• '.- ¦
''OILS — California Castor Oil, ¦ in ¦¦ cases/ No. 1,
75c;-pure. $1 26; Linseed OH." In barrels, boiled.
94c; I raw.i 92c; - cases, ¦: 5c ; more; : Lard ¦ Oil, ¦ extra
winter strained, barrelfl, 80c;- cases,' 8Sc: China
Nut, 55®72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil.'bar
rels, 67%c: cases, 72%c; Sperm,- pure,' 65c: Whale
Oil, natural white, 40@45c per. gallon;: Fish Oil/
In barrels. 37%c; cases, 42%c.,*>;*WJraw8BM>Bsgj
¦ COAL ". OIL— Water White Coal .Oil.iin bulk,:
Beans' and Seeds.
The ; shipping '< dema»d ; for Pinks : and f jlarge
-Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 Spring Wheat, 65@67c; No. 2 Red,
6S'4@G8%c; No. 2 Corn, 57c; No. 2 Yellow, 65% @
57c; No.«2 Oats, 34%c; No. 2 White, 36%c; No. 3
White, 35%@36%c;\No. 2 Rye, 55%c; No. 1 Flax
Seed, $183; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 85; Prime
Timothy Seed, $5 15; Mess Pork.- per bbl,' $11 30
©14 35; Lard, per 100 lbe, $8 67%@8 70; Short
Ribs sides (loose), $7 85@S; dry salted Shoulders
(boxed), 7%f?r7%c: ! Short • Clear Sides (boxed),
$8 30@8 40; Whisky, basis 'high ' wines, fl 29;
Clover, contract grade, $10 10@10 25.
Articles — ." Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels...;........ 25,000 ' 18,000
Wheat, bushels..... ..350,000 '/-' .16,000
Corn, bushels. ...........251,000 . 30,000
Oats, bushels ......278,000 : 160.000
Rye. bushels.. :...;...'... v....: 12, 000 . 10,000
Barley, bushels 6,000 ' /M. 2,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter,
market was firm; Creameries. 14%@2Oc; Dairies,
13<g>17c; . Cheese, steady. 9%@10%c; Eggs, firm;
fresh, 13®13%c.
NEW YORK. Aug. 1.— To-day's break in
price when tradinc was commenced on the
Etock Exchange seemed to be one of the usual
fluctuations of a. narrow professional market
and was characteristically lacking In any
neve to explain it. There was some revision
;f sentiment araont the traders in accord with
the new movement, but this was as much an
effect as cause of the changed course prices.
Having Fold ptocks fcr three days without any
active participation on the part of the outside
public In the market the room traders ' began
to feel that their short lines were getting un
comfortably extended and they proceeded to
buy stocks to cover. The steel stocks com
manded the principal attention and rebounded
sharply from yesterday's depression There
was no news of any change in the status of
the strike negotiations when the market
Dp3Tie<J. but the traders had come to the con
:!usion that th*=y were unduly pessimistic over
. the pwr*ct of a settlement when they sold
Hies* rtocks down yesterday afternoon, so they
oourht back what they had sold. The recov
ery in those stocks had a dominant infiuenc
»n th» rest of the list and on ppeculative sen
timent in reneral. In seeking for a bull argu
ment to move prices in the new direction the
r?cent rtrenrth of Norfolk and Western and
sther bituminouB coal carriers offered a lead
That proup of stocks was accordingly bought
*nd bid up by traders and the movement
tpread to the anthracite road. The movement
teemed to bs based on the general considera
.Icn of the sound conditions In the trade and
:he periodical advance of 10 cents per ton in
:he price of anthracite which goes into effect
:o-4ay..
The distribution of dividends and Interest
to-day. Includinr that on Government bonds
ras looked to to provide pome demand for rel
nvntment. The continued advance this morn
ng in rterllng exchange eeeraeil to foreshadow
lorr.e cutso of eold, and this possibility was a
•epresuive influence on speculation. The Bterl
n;» exchange rate now stands at the point at
•rhlch the last grold was exported. The high
wt nr!e*s rrcnerally were made before noon,
trd the ai solute failure to attract any out
ride buying prompted the professionals to sell
rat their holdings again and take their profit*,
ftiw* was no more news to account for the re
tction than there was ' to explain . the early
New York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles — . Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
August 67% 68 • 66% 68
September 68% 69% 67% 69
December .'. 70% 71% 63% 71%
Corn No. 2 — > ¦ . . '¦ - . .
September' 56 88 ¦.'" 53%* 58
October 56% 68% 56 68%
December 57 59 66% 69
Oats No. 2— ' ¦
September 35% 35% 34% • 359i
May ! 37% 37% 36% 37ft
Mass Pork, per bbl— . . . . .
September .14 10 * 14 40 14 00 14 40
January.... 14 80 ; 15 05 14 80 15 02%
Lard . per ICO lbs — -'
September .....870 .875' - 8 70 • 875
October .....8 72% 8 82% 8 72% 8 82%
January 8 72% 8 70 8 70 8 80
Short riba, per 100 lbs —
September 7 87% 7 95 ' 7 87% 7 95
October 7 92% 8 00 7 87% 8 00'
January 7 72% 7 90 7 77%- 7 90
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9%c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
, CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy.
12%c for light medium. 13%c for light, 14%c for
extra 1 light and 16c for sugar-cured ; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 13%@14c; California Hams.
13@13%c: Mess Beef,. $11 50 per bbl; extra Mess.
$12; Family, $13; prime Mess Pork, $15: extra
clear.' $23;- Mess, $19; Smoked Beef,' 13%@14c
per lb. -
. LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c - per : lb f or
compound and 10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
10%c: 10-lb tins. 1114c; 5-lb tins.' ll%c.
Provisions.
Afternoon Session.
Board
100 California Standard 21
1000 Lion : 08
100 Monarch of Arizona 21
1100 Monarch of Arizona 20
500 Petroleum Center r. 02
50 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 6314
400 Sovereign, b 30..... 32
100 Sterling 1 22%
100 Sterling, b 60. 1 2i
Street— - ' -•
500 San Joaquin Oil & Dev.... 7 62^4
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
» • ¦ . Mornlns Session.
100 California Standard 21
. 100 Home '..." 2 15
100 Home 2 17%
2300 Junction i .'. u
200 Monte Cristo 167%
200 Occidental of W Va. '. 34.
100 Petroleum Center oi
20 San Joaquin Oil & Dev 7 75
200 Sovereign 31
300 Twenty-Eight 130
I CALL. BOARD SALES. .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
. Second Session— No - sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
• Afternoon Session — December— 6000 ctls, 71%c.
OATS— Although the market is locally dull,
there is a good speculative demand reported.
Prices are steady at 95c® Jl 02% for Black and
97%c@$l 15 per ctl for Red.-. ¦'* ' ; . I
. CORN — Chicago', was firmer on Indications of
renewed hot and dry weather. . The West was
buying. This market . was unchanged. Small
round Yellow, $1-75; Eastern Yellow, ¦ $1 60®
1 62% ; White, $ 1 70@l 75 per - ctl ; mixed, nom
"rYE— 72%@77%c per ctl.
;.. BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
4000 ctls. $1 01. - . .-.-..
Second Session— December— 28,000 ctls, 11 00%.
May-2000.. Jl 04%; 2000, $J 04%.. . .
Regular •Morning Session— December— 10,000
ctls, Jl 01% : 12.000. $1 01% ; 4000. U 01%.
Afternoon Session— December — 4000 ctls,
?1 01%; 12,000, n 01%.
BARLEY— Continues dull and unchanged.
Feed. 73%c for choice bright. 71\i@72%c for
No. 1 and 67%@70c for off grades; Brewing and
Shipping grades. 75@82%c ; Chevalier, nominal.
WHEAT— Liverpool futures were weaker and
Paris futures higher.
Chicago continued unsettled but firm, ' declin-'
ing to 67%e and, recovering to 69%c. The
strength in Corn was the strengthening .factor.
Trading was not active
This market was unchanged.
Spot ! Wheat— Shipping. 97%c; milling, $1@
1 C2% per ctl. , •. ;
Wheat and, Other Grams.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days...... — $4 86 !
Sterling Exchange,- sight.. .....-..' — ''¦'¦'' 4 88%I
Sterling Cables — 4 $9^
New York Exchange, sight..':..... — 07%
New* York Exchange, telegraphic — 10 )
Silver. • per ounce . 68?4
Mexican Dollars, nonllnal 47 @ 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Provisions were i again dull | and featureless,
but prices advanced on buying by packers. Sep
tember pork closed 32%c higher, lard 5c up and
ribs 7%c improved.* :
• The leading futures ranged as follows:.',
Oats were handled ' in liberal quatltles, but
feeling was bearish or bullish, according to the
feeling in the corn pit. September closed %@
%c hieher at 34%c.
Wheat was moderately active. September
opened %@%c lower at 68V4c to 68%c, under the
influence of perfect weather In the Northwest
and easy cables. In sympathy with corn there
was a rally to 68%@6S%c, but the bears were
confident and a decline to 67%@67%c followed.
During the afternoon, . following a period of
dullness, the cash demand j Improved, and this,
combined with sympathy with corn, caused an
advance and the market closed firm,' sfcc higher
at £9c. . i
CHICAGO, August 1.— Corn, opened dull but
firm because of damage claims from the West
and also because -no more rain was reported.
One Icwa message predicted an eighth of a crop
for portions of that State, while farmers were
being advised to cut up their crop now for fod
der rather than accept the flimsy chance of an
Improvement of the situation. Following the
opening there was considerable selling, largely
by bears who anticipated liquidation In conse
quence of the temporary suspension of the
Phillips commission house. During this period
the market was at its poorest. Later shorts
became alarmed at the fact that the expected
liquidation had not come and this, together
with reports of additional crop damage, caused
a sharp rally and the close was strong at the
best mark of the day. September closed 2%@
2%c over yesterday at the latter figure.
LONDON. Aug. 1.— Consols. . 93 7-16; Silver.
26 15-16d; French rentes, lOlf 57%c; wheat car-
Koes on passage, rather easier; No. 1 Standard
California, 29s 3d; '.Walla Walla. 28s 6d; Eng
lish country markets, quiet i
LIVERPOOL. Aug. l.-Wheat. steady; No. 1
Standard California. 6@6%s; wheat in Paris*
quiet: flour in Paris, quiet; French countrv
markets, quiet and steady; weather in England"]
O \?O C TT6N-Uplands, 4%d. , ;
Foreign Markets.
Chicago Grain Market.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Aug. 1.— Wheat-Quiet and steady.
Bluestem, 57&c; club, 56c. •
PORTLAND, Aue. ¦ 1.— Wheat— Steady, at 53
@56c. ¦ .
OREGON'.
Northern Wheat Market.
The 800 cars of Prunes were bought, accord
ing to report, by an Eastern syndicate, and are
already going into consumption.' Another sale
of 19 cars of large sizes Is reported, with an op
tion given on more. At this rate there will be
no Prunes left on hand when the new crop
comes in, instead of the large carry-over stock
expected a month ago. .
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@10c for new Royals and
7%c to 14c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
new Evaporated Apples, 5@7c; new. Peaches,
6c for future delivery; Pears, 4@8c; i Plums,
pitted. 3@5c; unpltted. Nectarines. 4
@4%c for red and 4@5c for white.
PRUNES — 4 sizes: 40-50s, 6>4c; 50-608, 4%c;
60-70s. 3%c; 70-80s, 3%c; 80-90s. 24c; 90-100s. 2Uc;
100-1208. l%c.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers* Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12c per lb; choice." lie;
standard. 10c; prime. 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's,'9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10%c per lb;
choice. 9Hc; standard, -8?ic: prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas. 8c: Seedless, 60-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c; 2-crown. 6c;
Pacific brand — 2-crown. 5c: 3-crown, 5%c, and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), 5%c; Lon
don Layers. 2-crown,; $1 50 per box; 3-crown,
$1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa. %2 50; Impe
rials, $3. All prices f. o.'< b. at common ship
ping points in. California .
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12«5>12%c; No
2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell,. 10@10%c: No. 2. 6%@
7%c; Almonds, 13® 14c for paper-shell. 10@llc for
softshell .and . 5@6c for hardshell : • Peanuts. 5<jj
7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12©12%c: Filberts.
12&12U.C-. Pecans. ll(S13c: Cocoanuts. . $3 50^5
HONEY— Comb, ll@12c for bright and 9@10c
for light amber; water white extracted. 5%@6c
light amber extracted. 4y.ff?5c; dark, 3%@414c.
BEES WAX— 25@28c per lb.
The demand for new fruits is reported brisk
In the country and sales are made at full fig
ures without difficulty.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Aug. l.-Clearings, $345,
761; balances, $31,328.
NEW YORK. Aug. l.-An announcement on
the Produce Exchange ' that the Missouri State
report on com was only 21 per cent, or one of
the worst in the State's history, indicating
About one-fourth of a crop, turned the corn
market into an excited uproar this afternoon
and violently uplifted . prices fully 2 cents a
bushel, September closing at 60%c The re
ported trouble of Phillips and sympathy at
Chicago had little effect here.
M:ssou;i's Corn Crop.
¦a S .8 o J!
¦ « *i» *5=- «7 -«
3 « >^ « E * «y ° 2.
STATIONS. 3 |3 || <|" £o °%
Astoria 30.18 G4 E2 W Clear <T
Bakfr 29. £4 'SO 66 NW Clear 0
Carson 29.94 S6 €0 N Pt.Cldy 0
Eureka 30.06 58 £2 NW Cloudy 0
Fresco 29. SO 108 74 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff ....30.04 SO 56 W Pt.Cldy 0
Pocstello. Idaho.. .29.88 R4 70 N Pt.Cldy .02
Independence 25. SK SS 72 SE Cloudy T.
Ljs Angeles 2S.S0 86 64 SW Pt.Cldy 0
PJioenir 29.72 106 78 NW Pt.Cldy 0
Portland 30.04 SO 56 NW Clear 0
Red Bluff .....29.S2 106 S2 SE Pt.Cldy 0
Rostburg 2S.98 SS 58 N Clear 0
Sacramento 29. S4 9S 68 SW Clear 0
Sa!t Lake 29.S2 96 72 W Cloudy 0
fan Francisco 29. P2 72 W Clear 0
fan Luis Oblspo... 29.96 ?6 €0 W Clear 0
Pan Diego 29.90 76 €6 NW Pt.Cldy 0
Seattle 30.10 80 52 N Clear 0
Ppokane 3«.C2 S4 58 E Clear 0
Neah Bay .....30.12 '64 4S W Clear 0
WaMa Walla. ....'..29.94 90 70 E Clear T.
Winnemu?ca,.. ."...•. 59.64 90 70 SW Cloudy .08
VaiM ........29.74 106 82 SW Clear 0
WEATKER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The rr<»£Eure has fallen s'.owly along the
coast and has risen over the Rocky Mountain
reglcn. Thunderstorms and hizh west winds
are ronorted jrenerally In Nevada and Utah.
Kain fees fallen at Wlnnemucca and dust
Ftoim* are reported in the southern part of
Nevada.
ThrT-: has been a. decided drop in tempera
ture over Nevada and Utah. Warm weather
ftcH c-;r;tin"jes in the threat valleys of Cali
fornia, in Orescn and the northern States
generally.
A m2j:irr.um temperature of 10S decrees is
rt^crtca u Fresno.
Korecaft macle at San Francisco for 30 hours
fniiir.t: midnight August 2. 1301:
Northern California— Fair Friday: cooler
along the coast, with fog in the morning; light
HrtSHXCt wind.
BoBtbem California— Fair. Friday: continued
warm in the interior: fresh westerly wlnas.
X«>va<Ia— Cloudy, unsettled weather, with oc
cr.«*cnal thunderstonrs; brisk westerly' winds.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday;
cooler, with, fog in the morning; brisk west
e-ly wines. .-.-:';
grr.CI.VL DAILY FRUIT SERVICE.
.2 .2 - O i 5
ic'S t?5" °? JT*
STATIONS. 22 |= <= »' ft
'" : .:-:: [i |3 p f~ j*|
HolIisUr 93 58 W Cloudy T.
San -Tote 100 66 N Pt.Cldy 0
PalM-mo...... 1C5 71 S 0
Harford...: 106 68 N Pt.Cldy 0
fsru Maria 82 60 Clear 0
Napa 92 67 .. Clear 0
Pan Jc5«^— North wind; sultry; drying Craw
for.1 pt-c ch r>s ; apricots more than half through
<Sr>"inrj. •
HclHrter— Cloudy in forenoon; trace of rain;
lirfct *f««t wind in afternoon.
Palermo— South wind: peaches ripening rap
idly: Fc-vi drying weather.
Santa Maria— Lieht crop apricots; drying
walnuts here: lieht crop, excellent quality,
Fanta Barbara and coast district.
Riverside— Horticultural Commissioners re
port <2ocre?se of f rale test over year ago 60
per cent, largely due to hot weather; partly
cloudy, hot.
Hanfnrd— Partly cloudy; north wind; fruit
and jrrain doing nicely.
Napa— Clear; all crops same as last report.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
NEW YORK. Aug. 1. — The market for evap
orated apples ruled comparatively quiet to-day,
but held its firmness of undertone on scarcity
of offer:. State,- common to good, 4@7c; prime,
7<?7%c; choice. 7<gSc: fancy, 8@8%c. •
California dried fruits, steady to firm, but
unchanged.
PRUNES— 3%@7%c
APRICOTS-Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, S@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled. ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Aug. 1.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19,261; exports, 18,894. Quiet but a shade firmer
at the close.
WHEAT— Receipts. 140,600 bushels; exports,
1S4.100 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 76%c f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 74%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 77%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1
hard Duluth, 85%c f . o. b. afloat. - Options de
clined during the forenoon under bearish crop
news and long selling, rallied by enormous
clearances and a late jump in corn, and ruled
strong in the last hour on covering and closed
%c net higher. September. 73 3-16@74%c, closed
"4%c; October, 73%@74?ic, closed 74%c; Decem
ber. 75V»(S ! 76%c, closed 76%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES-Steady. '¦:
WOOL— Dull.
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet: No. 7 Invoice,
5?iic; Cordova, 8@ll%c. Futures closed steady,
with a net gain of 5@10 points. Sales, 41,250,
including: August, 4.85c; September, 4.90®
4.95c; October. 4.95@5c: November, 5® 5.05c; De
cember. 5.10®5.15c; March, 5.35c; May, 5.10®
5.45c: June 5.50c.
SUGAR — Raw. steady but quiet; fair refin
ing, 3 9-16c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4 5-32c; molas
ses sugar, 3 5-16c. Refined, dull.
BUTTER— Receipts, 5782 packages. ' Firm;
State dairy. 15@19c; creamery, 16(?20c; factory,
131515c; imitation creamery, 14Jtl7%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 8400 packages. Steady;
Western candled, 12@16%c; Western uncandled,
8®14c. .
Eureka, 5S: Red Bluff. 106: Sacramento. 9S:
Mount T«ma!j>ais, S6; Fresno. 108: San Luis
Obiipo. S6; Independence. SS; Los Angeles, 86;
San DiP^o, 76.
Ssa Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
72; minimum, 57; mean. 64.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Aug. 1. 5 p.m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Weather Report.
Nezv York Grain and Produce.
CITRUS FRUITS— Mediterranean Sweets,
Valenclas and St. Michaels, 75c@$3 50; Lemons,
$1 50@2 for common and $2 50@3 50 for good \ to
choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@$l 50; Mexican Limes,
$6@7; Bananas. . 5l(S2 per bunch; Pineapples,
$1 50@2 50 per dozen.
GRAPES— Fontalnebleau. $1 per box; Tokay,
per crate ;• Muscats, $1@1 25; Seedless. $1 25
@1 50; Black, 75c@$l. •
MELONS — Nutmegs, 60@75c per box: Can
taloupes. 60(2?l 25 per half crate and $1@2 per
large crate; Watermelons, S@25c apiece.
LOGAN BERRIES— $4®6 per chest.
RASPBERRIES— $4@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES-7@Sc per lb.
FIGS— Black. per box for single and
$1 15 for double layers; White. $1.
PEACHES— 40@60c per box and 25@-60c per
basket and $20@25 per ton for Frees and $30@
40 for Clings.
NECTARINES— White, 40@50c per box; Red,
50IS65C.
PEARS— Bartletts, J1©1 25 per box for No. 1. 40
@75c for No. 2 and $30(j?$40 per ton.
STRAWBERRIES-$3®5 per chest for Long
worths and $3 5005 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— ?3@5 per chest.
PLUMS— 10@75c per box and 2o@60c per bas
ket; Prunes, 60@85c per crate and 60c per bas
ket; Green Gages, $15@20 per ton; Egg Plums,
40<{?60c per box.
• APRICOTS— 30@50c per box, 50@75c per crate;
in bulk, $10@15 per ton for smail and $20@25 for
large. ; ¦
CRABAPPLES— 40c@$l per box, according to
package. . •
APPLES— S5c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 40@75c for ordinary.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS,
The • market wa3 J quiet all around yesterday.
The hot, weather was good for watermelons, but
Nutmegs and Cantaloupes were weak under lib
eral arrivals. Grapes ¦were in' better assort
ment. Berries continued to come j in soft, but
brought very fair prices, nevertheless. Peaches
and Plums continued firm at the good prices.
Lemons and Limes are firm, and the latter
are higher in spite of the arrival of 400 boxes.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Aug. 1.— CATTLE— Re
ceipts. 3535. Generally 10015c lower. Natives,
*3 90@5 90: cows and heifers. $1 50@5: bulls and
stags. $2 25@5; Etockers and feeders, $2 75@4.
HOGS-Receipts, 9200; 5c higher. Light and
light mixed, $3 55@5 95; medium and heavy,
$5 72%®6 05; pigs, $2 75®5 15; bulk, $5 70@5 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1047. Steady; top Idaho
feeders, $3 50.
ST. JOSEPH.
CHICAGO. Aug. 1.— CATTLE— Receipts, 15,
000, including 1150 Texans; fancy beeves, steady;
general market, 10@20c lower. Good to prime
steers. $5 5006 37%: poor to medium, $4 40®5 40;
stockers and feeders, $2 50@4 40 ; cows, $2 75@
4 65; heifers. $2 35<ff5: canners, Jl 25®2 30: bulls,
$2 505?4 50; calves, $3@4 75; Texas steers, $3@4 50.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
21;000; left over, 3CO0. Active and steady to 5c
higher. Mixed and butchers, $5 50<g>5 95; good
to choice heavy. $5 85@6 05; rough heavy, • $5 304*
5 75: light, 15 60®5 70; bulk of sales, $5 65@5 90.
SHEEP— Receipts, 15,000. Slow, lower. Lambs,
choice strong: others strong.' Good to choice
wethers, $3 75@4 25; fair to choice mixed, $3 25®
3 75; Western sheep, $3 25@3 85; yearlings, $4®
4 35: native lambs, $2 25@5 40; Western lambs,
$4 35@5 40. •
CHICAGO,
Eastern Livestock Markets^
THURSDAY, Aug. 1-2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bld.Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup. ..113 113% I Is qr cp (new). 137 138
4s quar reg.... 113 113% 'Es quar coup..lO?%109
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P C 5s. 106 — Oceanic SS 5s.l01%103
Cal-st 5a 116 — Omnibus C 6s. 126% —
C C "Water 5s.l07% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
Ed L &. P 6s.l28%133% Pk & C H 6s. 106 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.U7Vi — Pk & O R 6s.ll7 —
Geary-st 5s.... — — Powll-st R £s.l20 —
H C & S 5%s.lO6% — Sac E G R 5s. 92% —
Do 5s — 102% S F & SJV 5s.l20% —
Los Ang R 5s.ll5% — Sierra tJal 6s.. — 110
L A Light 6s. — 102 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 112 —
Do entd 6s. .103 — (1910) 113 —
L A- & Pac os.101 102% S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. 102% — (1905). Ser A. — 109%
Mkt-st Cab 6s.l26%128 (1905), Ser B.110 —
Do 1 c m 5s.l23%124Vi (1906) ...112%114
NevCNG7s.lO5 114 (1912) 120% —
Nor R Cal 6s. 111% — S P of Cal 1st
Do 5s 118% — c gntd 5s 107 —
Nor Pac C 6s.l01% — S P Br Cal 6S.136 —
Do 5e... 105 — S V "Water 6s.U4 —
Nor R Cal 5s.H0 113 Do 4s 102 —
Oak Gas Es.:..112»/S — Do 4s 3d mtg — 101%
Do Trans 6s.ll7%119 Stktn Gas 6s.. — —
Do Water &S.102 102%
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa,. 76% — I Spring Valley. 85% 8«
Marln County. 50 — I
GAS AND ELECTRIC. '-' -¦.
Cent L & P... 4 5 Pac Light 45 47%
Equitable 4T& 5% Sacramento ... — —
Mutual 4% — S F G & E.... 43% 44
Oakland :. 50% — San Francisco. 4% 4%
Pac Gas Imp. 43 — Stktn G & E. 8 — '
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund. — 247 I
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 77% 81 LP&A 151 —
California 404 — Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO7% — 3 F Natlonal.,127 132%
First Nat S F.305 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German —1910. Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — — Security 275 — .
Mutual Sav 50 — Union Trust. .1600 —
San'Francisco.520 - —
STREET RAIROADS.
California 130 134 |O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 40 Presdldio .:.... 36% —
Market 73% 74%'
I POWDER.
Giant 75% 76%|Vlgorit S V&.
,-': y.i; sugar.
Hana '..... 6% 7 Kilauea 16 16%
Hawaiian 49 — Makawell , 30% 30%
Honokaa 15 16 Onomea 21 23
Hutchinson ... 16% — Paauhau 20% 22
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 130 131 Oceanic S Co.. 45 50
Cal Fruit Can. 96 — Pac Auk F A. 2 — _
Cal Wine Asn. 99 ICO Pac C Borax. .165- —
Mer Ex 110 — Par Paint 16 —
Morning Session.
Board—
$1000 Contra Costa, Water bonds..." 108 00
15 Giant Powder Con 76 25
. 80 Makaweli Sugar Co ..... 30 50
5 Oakland Gas 5075
100 Paauhau S P Co 20 75
6 Paauhau S P Co 20 87%
5 •* F Gas & Electric Co 43 75 -
140 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
Street— - "
75 Contra Costa Water 76 50
$1000 Oakland Water 5s...: 102 25
J0O S F Gas & Electric Co. b 3 43 75
125 S F Gas & Electric Co, b 2 43 75
Afternoon 'Session. ' '
' Board—
30 Hutchinson S P Co '.. 18 50
70 HutchinFon S P Co 16 25
25 Makawell Sugar Co.... 30 50
45 Market Street Railway.. 74 23
$7000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s 119 25
55 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 87%
280 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 75 ¦
105 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 62%
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Produce Exchange Grain Inspector Stellcr re
ports stocks of grain in warehouse and on
wharf August 1 as follows in tons:
Wheat. Barley.
Port Corta. July 1.. 50.460 9.822
Pert Costa. August 1 45.734 30.277
Stockton. July 1 13.322 3.645
Stockton. August 1 21>1 H ''^1
San Francisco, July 1 on 1,195
San Francisco. August 1 871. 2,490
Oats. Corn, Bran.
Ju'y 1 1,558 470 32
Ausust 1 3.2S1 342 15
Receipts in July were 11,933 tons barley. 4352
tons oats, 5S1 tons corn and 1040 tons bran.
Stocks of Grain.
The market for local stocks and bonds was
quiet In the morning, with sales of Gas and
Electric at $43 75©44. '!',;-
The Giant Con Powder Company has de
clared a dividend of 75c. per share, payable on
the 10th.
The Oil City Petroleum Company paid a divi
dend of %c per share yesterday.
Strictly fine ranch Eggs are firm and will
bring the top quotation, . but it is a squeeze.
Other grades are steady with fair supplies.
Butter ¦ and Cheese remain the . same, the for
mer being rather easy and the latter firm.
' Receipts were 41,100 pounds and — : — tubs of
Butter, 681 cases of Eggs, 400 cases Eastern
Egrsrs. 16,000 pounds of California Cheese,
pounds Oregon Cheese and pounds Eastern
Cheese. - . /
BUTTER— Creamery, 20c and occasionally 21c
per lb for fancy and 19c for seconds; dairy, 15®
18c: store Butter, 12%®!14c per lb. -
CHEESE — New, 9@10c; old, nominal; Young
Americas. 10@llc per lb; Eastern, lS@13c.
EGGS— Ranch, 18@21c for good to , fancy;
store, 14@17c per dozen; Eastern, 15c.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Tons.
•CTTheat «<°0
Barley 5.500
Total 87,200
Call Board Sales for July.
advance. The selling at first was of Insigni
ficant proportions, but it was found necessary
In order to find & market for even the small
est blocks to continue the concessions, in the
offered price until the first sales effected
showed wide declines from the previous prices.
United States Steel more than lost its 2-point
rise and the preferred stock saved only" a
small fraction. The notable gains at other
points were reduced almost entirely to frac
tions and numerous net losses were established.
The closing was dull and heavy. Total sales,
443.C00 shares.
Business in railroad bonds was small and
thc-re were recessions from best prices in the
course of the day. Total sales, par value,
$955,000. United States bonds were all un
chansed on the last call. •
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Shares Closing
Sold. Stock— ' Bid.
23,600 Atchlson 73%
2,500 Atchison srefd* 95
1,300 Baltimore & Ohio 97»*
Baltimore & Ohio prefd 92%
400 Canadian Pacific 10SH
Canada Southern 6SH
15,700 Chesapeake & Ohio 48Vi
1,600 Chicago & Alton 37&
Chicago & Alton prefd.... 76
300 Chicago. Ind & Laulsvllle 37
Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 70
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 121
800 Chicago & Great Western 22%
Chicago & Great Western A prefd.. SIVi
Chicago & Great Western B prefd.. 47%
400 Chicago & Northwestern 192
200 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific 13SV*
Chicago Terminal & Transit 18*i
Chicago Terminal & Transit prefd.. 38
500 C C C & St Louis 90&
Colorado Southern 13
600 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 50*4
600 Colorado Southern 2d prefd : 22>4
500 Delaware & Hudson 159**
2,100 Delaware, Lack & Western 227H
600 Denver & Rio Grande... 4114
200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd 90Vi
1.900 Erie 37«i
2.200 Erie 1st prefd...' 65ii
400 Erie 2d prefd 48V4
1,900 Great Northern prefd 176
Hockinz Valley 51
100 Hocking Valley prefd 74%
1,400 Illinois Central Haifc
Iowa, Central 36
Icwa Central prefd 73Vj
1C0 Lake Erie & Western 52
Lake Erie & Western prefd 116
1.500 Louisville & Nashville 101»i
200 Manhattan Elevated 11S>4
400 Metropolitan Street Railway 166Vi
1.500 Mexican Central 23
300 Mexican National 9
Minneapolis & 'St Louis 105
1,500 Missouri Pacific 98
Missouri. Kansas & Texas 7G J «
200 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 53Vi
New Jersey Central... 159
600 New York Central 130%
29.S00 Norfolk & Western 53%
700 Norfolk & Western prefd R9«.-4
60,000 Ontario & Western 32»i
P C C & St Louis 79
1,400 Pennsylvania 144%
17,900 Reading 42%
6,400 Reading !et orefd 76'i
5.100 Reading 2d prefd 52%
6,700 St Louis & San Francisco 4H4
100 St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd 78%
400 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 67
St Louis Southwestern 28
100 St Louis Southwestern prefd 60»i
S.200 St Paul 160H
St Paul prefd 1S1
9,700 Southern Pacific, 55%
400 Southern Railway 29^i
1.J00 Southern Railway prefd 84
Texas & Pacific 41
Toledo. St Louis & Western . . . . 20^i
300 Toledo. St Louis & Western prefd.. 33%
21.300 Union Pacific. 98%
7«0 Union Pacific prefd S9
2.500 Wabash - 21^
10,200 Wabash prefd ....". 39%
700 Wheeling & Lake Erie 18
200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 23
6W .Wisconsin Central 2C%
300 Wisconsin Central prefd 42
Express Companies —
Adams .....170
American 190
United States 85
Wells Fargo 140
Miscellaneous —
5,200 Amalgamated Copper •. ....113%
900 American Car & Foundry 29
200 American Car. & Foundry prefd 83t4
American L'nseed Oil 22
American Linseed Oil prefd CO
4<V> American Smelting and Refining 5S%
L200 Am Smelting & Refining prefd >i%
American Tobacco 131
• 700 Anaconda Mining Company 44k
1.000 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 76
200 Colorado Fuel & Iron »6 ¦
300 Consolidated Gas 217^
Continental Tobacco 67
700 Continental Tobacco prefd 117
200 General Electric .252
100 Glucose Sugar 55
100 Hocking Coal . 19%
International Paper 20%
International Paper prefd 75 '
500 International Power 92%
Laclede Gas 90 .
300 National Biscuit ,. 12
National Lead 19%
National Salt 39
100 National Salt prefd 75%
100 North American 9914
Pacific Coact... ......... 65
400 Pacific Mail 39
1,500 People's Gas , m»fc
3R0 Pressed Steel Car 43
200 Pressed . Steel Car prefd S8%
Pullman Palace Car 205
400 Republic Steel 19%
600 Republic Steel prefd 79
5,700 Sugar "...140%
2,100 Tennessee Coal & Iron 62ii
Union Bag & Paper Company IS'A
Union Bac & Paper Company prefd. 75>4
600 United States Leather .".....13%
1,700 United "States Leather prefd 79
300 United States Rubbar u
800 United States Rubber prefd... o5
111.500 United States Steel 42%
47,700 United States Steel prefd.....:.. 31%
800 Western Union 91%
445,000 Shares sold - '. '
CLOSING BONDS. ;. ' ; • ¦> )j
U S 2s ref reg.....lO7% ( N Y' Cent lsts....lO4»4
Do coup 107% N J Cent gen 5s.. 129
Do 3s re? 108»4 Nor Pac 3s ..: 71T£
Do 3s coup lOSty Do 4s 104%
Do new 4s reg..l37 NY Q & St L 4S..107W
Do new 4s coup.137 Nor & W con 4s. 102
Do old 4s reg 113 . Or Nav lsts 107U
Do old 4s coup.. 113 Do 4s io»
Do 5s reg 1(17% O S Line 6s 129
Do 5s coup 107% Do con 5s :..... 117%
Dist of C 3.65s. ...124 Reading Gen 4s... 93«
Atch gen 4s 10314 R G W lsts 100%
Do adjt 4s 93 S L & I M con fis.116%
Canada So 2ds..-..110 St L & 8 F Gen 6s. 130
C & O 4%s 107%'St Paul con ......173
Do 5s 119% St P C & P lsts 120
C & N con 7S....135U Do 5s 11574
Do S F Deb 5s. .122 SoPae 4s .... 92
Chicago Term 4s.. 94% So Ry 5s 116%
Colo So 4s 87 standard R & T 6s" 56
D & R G 4s 101% T«.< & Pac lsts. ...119
Erie Gen 4s 86% Do 2ds 103
Ft W & D C lsts.104 Union Pacific 4s 104
Gen Elec 5s .......200 WaVash lsts .. "119
Iowa C»nt ls»s 115'4 Wabash 2ds "llOU
L * N DnJ 4s 101% West Shore 4s .' lml
M K «c T 2ds. 84% Wis Cent 4s ..... 8S%
Do 4« 97'A Va» Centuries .... 93%
NEW YORK MIXING STOCKS. t
Adams Con . t*\ Mttle Chief 13
¦Alice 4" Ontario ..- < 7?
Breece .....140 Dphlr '" e»
Brunswick Con .... "11 Phoenix ns
Comstock Tunnel... CC Potosl .. *"* X-
Con Cal & Va 2 01 Savage ..".I!""""' 05
Deadwood Terra ..' 50 sierra Nevada" 14
Horn Silver .... 1 75 Small Hopes '""" so
Iron Silver 6S Standard "it
Leadvllle Con ..... C5 '*'.''*,
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— :¦¦¦-.- Westlngh Elec ..„ 69%
Call loans 404% Bonds— - - T
Time loans 4Q>4% Atchlson 4s ..:... 102
AT^St F,:.... 73U "SffitS&J 1 - 84 ?'
. Do prefd 95 Adventure i 24%
Amer Sugar ......140% BlnKham Mln Co.. 21- -
Amer Tel 159% Amal Copper 113
Boston & Albany. £58 : Atlantic ...... 35-
Boston L ...185 Calumet ft Hecla. 750
Boston & Maine. ..195% (Centennial ........ 27-
Dominion Coal 38%lFranklin .....;.. 1714
• Do prefd ...;116 iHumboldt .23
S Steel 42: 'Osceola 96
Dealers report a .father firmer . feeling for
young stock, if choice, but ' quotations for all
kinds remain about as before. .
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 809c for Gobblers
and-9@10c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1@1 25;
Goslings, - $1 25@1 60 ; Ducks, . $2 E0@3 for old ana
$3® 4 for young; Hens, $4@4 60; young Roosters,
$5@6; old Roosters, $3 60@4; Fryers. J4®4 60,
Broilers, $3®3 50 for large f and . $1 75@2 50 for
small; Pigeons, $1 £C@1 75 per dozen for old and
$1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare, $1@$1 25; Rabbits, $1®1 25 for
Cottontail and $1 for Brush.
Poultry and Game.
Porter Bros. Company's sales: Plums — Yel
low Egg, $1 2O@l 40; Kelsey, . average, $1 80;
Golden Drop, average, $1 30; pfttple Duane, av
erage, $1 25; Blood, $1 05; Columbia, $1 25@1 30;
Washington, .average, $1 05; Klngdon, average,
$1 40; Robe de Sargent, $1 20@l 35; Splendor,
$1 255T1 40; Comedy, average -. $1 05. Prunes —
German, $1 30@l 35; Gros, $2 25@2 27. Pears —
Bartletts, $2 10@2 50. Peaches— Crawfords, 60®
90c; 'late Crawfords, 8Q@85c; Foster. 75@95c;
Decker, 75c; Susquehanna, average, 90c; Seller,
90@95c. Grapes— fontalnebleau, $1 60@2 10 half
crates; Tokaye, average, $2 65 half crates.
• CHICAGO, • Aug. I.— The Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Peaches-^Early Craw
fords, 15@75c box : £ Fosters. ¦¦ : 60@65c : , : L Susque
hanna,- average,- 80c ; St.' John, , average, 75c;
Twin - Sister,- ' 65®80c. - Pears— Bartletts,- $2 35®
2 65 box ; Clapps Favorite, j average, $1 25 half
box. ', Plums— Yellow eggr, $1200145 single
crates; Eureka. ¦ $1 33@1 45: Kelsey . Japans,
*1 55@1 65; purple Duane, $1 25@1 35. , Prunes-
German, $1 70@l 95 single ¦ crates. ¦ Grapes—
Fontalnebleau, averaKe, $1 95 | single crates.
Nectarines— Yellow. 66@90c. .. >¦:.<'
.NEW. YORK, Aug. 1.— The Earl 1 Fruit Com
pany sales of California fruit: ¦ Pears—Bart
letta, $2@$2 30 box, $1 05(9>l 80 half box;. Clapps
Favorite, $1 20@l 25 half box. Peaches—Craw
fords, .65@$1 box; Fosters, average, 70c; Bt.
Johns, 70c. Plums— Yellow Hgg, : $1 85@1 85
single crates; Eureka, . $1- 1002 80: Brawshaw,
90c@U 05; Burbank. ' $1 06i31 85; - Satsuma, av
erage; 85c; "Washington, 75c. Prunes — German,
80c©$l 35 single- crates; • Tragedy, $1@1 15.
Nectarines— Yellow, average, $.1 37 single
crates. Grapes— Malaga, average, $1 80 elngle
crates; Tokay, average. $3 87%.
California Fruit Sales,
New York Cotton Market.
: NEW "YORK." v Aug. 1.— The- cotton market
closed steady, with prices net 6 ' to 8 points
hlzher. • ' . • ¦ . -- ¦
Sterling Exchange firmer. . Silver unchanged. , f. #
Wheat and Barley about as before. £gj§|
Pink and White Beans still in demand for shipment. '
Butter and Cheese, unchanged. Eggs higher.
Lemons and Limes firm \ and the latter higlier. .
Tree fruits continue to brin^ good prices. C~~i%,
Prunes and other Dried Fruits moving off actively. lff| 1
Nothing new in Provisions and Meats.
Light trading on the stock exchanges: »
Starch higher in sympathy with Corn. .
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
1VEGETABLES — Asparagus, $1 75@2 25 : for
large and 50c@Jl 50 for ordinary; Green, Peas,
l%@2c: String Beans, l@3c; Limas, 4@5c: Cab
bage. 35@40c. per ctl ; Tomatoes, from the River,
in large boxes, 85@50c ; Dried Peppers, < 12®lSc ;
Green Okra, 75c@$l, per box; Carrots, 25@35c
per sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 25@40c; Pickles, lV4c
per lb for small and lcfor large; Garlic. 2@3c:
Green • Peppers. 40(3>75c per., box for -Chile anil
50c@$l 50 for Bell: Egg Plant, 40@75c per box;
Green Corn, 25@75c per sack; Alameda, $1@1 23
per, crate; Berkeley,' 75@85c; Summer Squash,
large boxes, 15©25c; . New Marrowfat Squasn,
$15@20 per ton. - • • .»¦
POTATOES-$1@1 25 in sacks and $1 10@l 40 In
boxes for Burbanks, : .90c@$l for Garnet Chiles
and 90o(S?l for Early Rose; Salinas Burbanks.
n 25@1 50: ' i — . .•-••
ONIONS— Yellow," 75@90c per ctl; Pickle On
ions. 75c • per. sack, ; ¦ . • ¦. '
Sweet Potatoes from the River. 3c per lb,
Dealers report Potatoes well cleaned up from
first hands and_ firm, with a continued demand
for ; shipment. ".Onions and' "Vegetables stand
about the same, except Corn, which is plenti
ful _and '.lower. „'.-.„• ... ..:
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
don. . Locally, trading was almost i lifeless and
spot values closed nominally at ?27 35. London
tin at the close was £1 lower- spot 1 standing
at £116 10s and futures at £113 .10s. The visi
ble supply figures : show ; an ¦¦ increase of 229,j
tons over, last month. Copper in London
10s lower under realizing closing < with spot
quoted at £67 and futures : at £67 7s 6d. lo
cally the market ' was . dull and . nominally un
changed ' at $16 505X17 for Lake Superior and
$16 50@16 C2% forecasting and electrolytic... .Im
ports for the month of/July, 7363, making a to
tal since January 1 of 56.SS8 tons, or a - de
crease of? 39,923 tons, . as ; compared with .last
year.-Lead was 'dull and unchanged here and
abroad also,' -closing at" $3 47% and £11 tjs
respectively; Spelter closed quiet at 53 90@
3 65 v and -in London at £16 12s 6d. : Domestic
ironX markets, ruled' featureless and- nominally
unchanged. •. Plgiron warrants, *9 oOiaiO: NoJ 1
.foundry, _Nprthern - »15@15 50 j No. 2 foundry.
Southern, $14^14 50f No 1 foundry. Southern,
!14 75@15 50! • "No \ 1 foundry, Southern, . soft,
14 75@15 25. • Glasgow warrants .closed at 54s
and Ailddlesboro 45s 10^.d. '- :, -
"Whites .continues and both descriptions are
firm.''' ¦•> • -•- .-¦¦.-¦.'¦• " _¦ . ¦' : ". ¦- ¦ • .. -
BEANS— Bayos, $2 40@2 60; Small "White. $4 SO
@4 95; Large White, $3 50@3 75; Pink, $1 75@1 95;
Red, $315@3 23; Blackeye, $3 25@3 40; Limas,
$6 30@6 40; Red Kidney, $4 25 per ctl. . .? ¦ -
. SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal. Yellow
Mustard, nominal ; Flax, $2 75@3 : • Canary, 3V4@
3Hc for Eastern ; ¦ Alfalfa, nominal ; Rape, 1%@
Zhic; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
.„ DRIED PEAS-^-Nlles.' $165 per ctl. ... V
THE SAN; FRANCISCO CALL, ¦FKIDAY, AUGUST 2, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Receipts of Produce. '
FOR THURSDAY, AUGUST I
Flour, qr sks 19,356 Shorts, sks. 25
Wheat, ctls 625 Wool, bales , 858
Barley, ctls....:.. 9,590 Tallow, ctls 219
Oats, ctls.. 2,830 Pelts, bdla 673
Beans, sks 1.034 Hides. No 965
Potatoes, sks..... 2,520 Raisins, bxs...... 8,600
Onions, ska 1,090 Leather, rolls.... 67
Bran, sks 200 Wine, gals 12,800
Middlings, sks.... 120 Lime, bbls 182
Hay. tons 130 Sugar, bbls 650
Straw, tons 5
•WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr eks..... 6,834(Wool, balea. ...... ' v*
San Francisco Meat Market.
.Nothing new. . . •; : ' ..
/"Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are. as. follows: ." .'.' ; .
BEEF— €@6%c for Steers and 5@6c per lb for
COWS. '
VEAL— Large. 7<3>8c; small. 8@9o per lb. •
MUTTON— Wethers,. 7@Sc; Ewes, 7®7%c per
pound. >¦¦"
. LAMB— Spring." 8%@9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under. 6%@
6%cJ,over 200 lbs. 6c: feeders : sows, -20 per
cent off, boars 50 per cent off and stags 40 per
cent off from the above quotations ; dressed
Hogs, ; 7H@3H<5.
13c; Pearl OH, In cases. 19c: Astral, 19c: Star.
19c: Extra Star,- 23c: Elaine, 24c: Eocene. 21c:
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk. 15c; In cases,
21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c: In cases, 20c; 85-de
gree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in cases. 26c.
TURPENTINE— 58c per gallon In cases and
52c In drums or iron barrel*.
SUGAR — The • "Western Sugar Reflnlng Com
pany quotes, per pound. In 100-lb bags:
Cubes • crushed and fine crushed. 5.73c; Pow
dered.'5.23c: Candy Granulated, 5:35c: Dry Gran
ulated. 5.25c; Confectioners' A, 5.25c; Fruit
Granulated. 6.25c; Beet Granulated. 5.15c: Slag
nolla, 4.85c: Extra C. 4.75c; Golden C. 4.65c: bar
rels' 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more: boxes. 50c
more; 50-Ib ba?s, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Dom-;
lnos. half-barrels, 6c; boxes, 6.25c per lb. '
STARCH — Is up %c per pound, owing to the
advance in corn. . ' •. . ... ¦ "
STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Aug. 1.— Reports to R. G. Dun
& Co. show commercial failures In the United
States during July 637 with an aggregate in
debtedness of $7,033,933. Compared with the
same month last year there appears most grat
ifying improvement, as failures were then 793
in number and J9.771.775 in amount. The de
crease occurred principally In the manufactur
ing class, where last month's insolvencies num
bered 153 for $3,240,128 against 183 last year,
owing $5,177,682. Canadian failures ' numbered
85. with liabilities of $455,233. of which thirteen
were in manufacturing for $84,886. and 70 in
traders for, $320,347. . The month's total Is much
below the recent average both In number and
amount, while compared with the same month
last year there is a decrease of $251,311 in lia
bilities.
Failures for Ju'y.
NEW YORK. Aug. l.-Money on call, steady,
at 2@2% per cent; last loan, 2 per cent; prime
mercantile paper. 4%©5 per cent; sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 87% for demand' and at $4 85%
for sixty days; posted rates, $4 86 and $4 88%:
commercial bills, $4 84^@4 85; bar silver, E8&c;
Mexican dollars, 46c; Government bonds,
steady; State bonds, inactive; railroad bonds,
firm. .:-. -• . -
8
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAP03ES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m. . ¦ . ¦
ACONCAGUA. .Aug. S|GUATEMALA...Aufr. 22
PERU ......Aug. 14|PAJ,ENA i...Sept. 4
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger servlc*.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and r>a«iensrer office. 31<> California, street
. BALFOITR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. A<«nt».
BAY A1TD BIVEB STEAMEB3.
FoiTuT^niAvT^^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
S:*5 a. m.. S:1S and 8:30 . p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:43 a. m.. , 8:30 p. ra. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., 12:30 noon. ( p. m., except
Fnnday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far* H
cents. Telephone Main 1503. .tAndlng «nd of-
flc». plw 7. Atl«»lon.«t <<«w.lc. 1OTTK BHO3L
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year. f
From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
Cabin, $103; Steerase. $40; Meals Free.
S. S. Argyll sails fllon ' »v. Aa«. 19
S. S. Leelonaw ««!!<« ATondny. Aug. 28
S. S. Ar&vll aol s Tuesday. Sept. 24
PANAMA R. R, s Sr
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT,
C0MPA8NIE BEITEKALB TSANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *.*^
Sailing e\-ory Thursday, Instead of .tfyfrri*
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42. MnbtfiviK
North River, foot of Morton street; La Gas-
cogno, August 8: •L'Aqultalne. August IS; La
Normandle, August 22; La Bretagne, August 29.
First class to Havre. $70 ar.d upward. Secornt
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agent3.
?Twin Screw Express Steamers.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan «treets. at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with . steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARTT... Saturday. Aug. 10. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARXJ *.....
"Wednesday. September 4. 1901
£S. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced, rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlce.
421 Market street, corner First.
¦ W. H.- AVERT. General Agent.
oceanfcs.s.co. SSS
B. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti..!.....
- Tuesday. August. 6. 19 a. m.
8. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu .
Saturday. August 10, 2 p. m.
S. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. New
Zealand and Aus Thurs.. Aug. 22. 10 a m
J. D.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., Gmsral Agents. 327 Hartet St
Geo'l Passenger Office, 643 Mariut St., tat Ka. 7. Pacific St
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antweruw. /.; *.*
From New Tork 'Wednesdays, »t 13 noon.
Kenslnjrton ..August l^Southwark ......Sept. 4
•Zeeland August 21 Kensington Sept. 18
Friesland Asgust 281
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
Stopping at Cherbourg:, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St Louis. August 14]St. Louis Sfcpt. 4
Philadelphia.. August 21|Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
St Paul Augrust28St. Paul Sept. 13
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW T0HK. 80XJTHAM>rC5. LO"»DO?r. FA3I3.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only StsamaUp Una «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to nti
points East. Throa&h ticket* to nil
point*, all rnV •¦>«• uttnmshm nnd rail, at
STEAMER TICKET3 IKCLuDS BERTH tai MEAIil.
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails Au«r. 1. 11. 21. 31. Sept. 10. 20. 30
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
... Sails Aug. «. 16. 28. Sept. 5. 13. 23
D. W. HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt..l Montgm'y. S.F.
— Steamers leave Broadway
' 'Wharf, San Francisco:
Ttfftfc For Alaskan porta^ — 11 a. m-.
July 15, 20. 23, 30, August 4.
i^KSS«fe Change to company's steam-
iffL KKwa «rs at Seattle. <
1 |A k >89w1 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
Iii«9S?§ii»n*1 C-). Port Townsend. Seattle.
r"**aCfteJ?Al Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
*f- a nd New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
"¦•Ill a. m.. July 13. 20. 25. *>.
Aug. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. Chang*
at Seattle for this company's steamers lor
Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacom*
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.,
July 11. 16. 21. 26. 31. Aug. 5. and every nfth
San a r>lego. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Aneeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.:
steamer State of California, Wednesdays, »
los Angeles, calllne at 'Santa Cro*.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Hartort
fsSrSb Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and 'Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer
Corona. Saturdays. 9 a. m.; steamer BonlU.
pvfr Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th ead»
For further Information obtain company's
The "company reserves the right to chans*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sallln*
without previous notice. -
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montsomerr
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Pacifio Coast Steamship Co.
OCEAN TRAVEL.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, AUGUST -2, , 1901.
MEMBERS OF KAPPA ALPHA THETA, UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA: TOP ROW, COMMENCING AT THE LEFT
—(1) AGNES L. ARNEILL. (2) ROYTENA J. MOORE, (3) EDITH SELBY, (4» JACQUETINE A. MOORE, (5) GRACE
6UTTON, (6) ALICE M. MEYER, (7) MURIEL RANSOME. (S) IDA R. WICKSON, (9) EDITH R. EVANS, (10) MARY
L BENTLEY.
Fire Damages Cleaning' Works.
SAN JOSE. Aug. L— J. F\ Bellow's Car
pet Beating and Cleaning Workjs, includ
ing valuable machinery, was partially de
ttroyed by fire to-day. The Toss is 53000.
rha property was insured for $500.
K' OAKLAND, Aug. 1.— Edward K. Garri
son has been appointed city ticket agent
for the Colorado Midland Railroad in San
Francisco. Mr. 1 Garrison is a resident; of
Oaklandand is -.very; popular, In this city.
His = new position is one, of responsibility
and trust. , r. ¦
A Responsible Position.
A Connoisseur in Picture Frames
Is hard to please, but we have all "the
nev/ scapes and finishes in frames and
moldings. This Eeason'a styles are more
beautiful than ever, and it would bo diffi
cult to be dissatisfied with any of them.
Call and pass Judgment on them. San
born. Vail & Co., 711 Market street. •
Postpone Selection of Attorney.
OAKLAND. Aug. 1.— The Ordinance and
Judiciary Committee of the City Council
to-night , postponed action ! for r a - week
upon the selection 'of, an assistant to City
Attorney Johnson in the appeal >of the
water-rate suit. The names of William R.
Davis and W. W. Foote are • before the
committee. ' ~ , * ' ' "
' REDDING. Aug. 1.— William Lloyd Car
ter, a pioneer newspaper^., man • of- the
State, died ! yesterday, at : Napa from gen
eral debility.;, He was owner of the Shasta
Courier, the second-oldest paper in the
State." at the time of his death. -He leaves
a \ widow, two sons -and a daughter '-In'
Shasta.' . . -. . . . •„,
William Lloyd Carter:
ALAMEDA. : Aug. 1.— The . rooms of . the
Boys' Assembly, which was organized for
the entertainment of , young boys, will be
reopened on Park street after being closed
for the summer months.* The ladles in
charge are arranging an entertainment
for August 5 in the; assembly. rooms. '
Boys' Assembly to Reopen.
. TOPEKA;'Kans., Aug. 1.—Ex-Congress
man Davis died to-day, aged 74 years. For
many years he was prominent in the labor
reform and Populist movements and lie
represented' the Fifth Kansas : District In
Congress from 1890 to 1892 as a Populist.
He had- written much on economic sub
jects. .-.-: '.-.:¦.' "' ¦¦: ''¦¦¦ -' vv ¦-,<¦.•:
"Ex-Congres'sman " Davis.
AL.AMEPA. Aug. 1.— Pawnee Tribe of
the local Red Men will take part in the
<-omp«»tJUve drill that Is to take place in
San Francisco on August J4 before the
great chiefs of the order. The members
are Frank Griffiths. H. Steward. Edward
Harfley. J. Knisrht. Bert Toye, L. Borman,
L. Schultz. Edward Hurley. J. Stohl. M.
Horn. J. Anderson. W. Burire. IC. C- 5Iad-
Fon. John Rew, William Jenkins and J. F.
Bima.
Red Men to Compete.
WASHINGTON. Auk. 1.— Lieutenant
General Miles, commanding the army, to
day issued an order for the Immediate or
ganization of nine additional companies
of coast artillery, makinu the total num
ber of such companies 106. The number Is
limited by law to 126. Among the new
companies will he the following: One
Hundred and Fifth, Captain L. R. Bur
gess, at the Presidio, San Francisco; One
Hundred and Sfxth. Captain Charles H.
Summerall, at Fort Lawton, "Wash.
More Coast Artillery.
OAKLAND. Aug. l.-^ards have. been
sent out: by Mr.' and Mrs. Giles -H. Gray
for a '. reception In • honor of ¦ James H.
Pond," the -new principal of the Oakland
Hisrh School. -The reception will' be held
Friday evening, from 8 - to 11: o'clock, ¦ at
the Gray residence. 754 Tenth street.
Reception ' to Principal Pond.
OAKLAND. Aug. 1.— The outcome of the
forty years of wedded life of A. M. Den
nen and his wife. Adeline, of West Oak
land is a successful divorce suit by the
husband, in which he names John Smith
as co-respondent. ¦ ; ¦ ¦
Lou V. Grote is suing John Grote for
divorce because his "gruff and surly lan
guage" has inflicted mental anguish upon
In the divorce suits of Emma N. Adams
against John "W. Adams, Myra E. Halli
nan against James TV. Hallinan and Delia
E. Morehead against J. T. Morehad the
defaults of the defendants have been en
tered. ' '-'¦¦¦ '. . . .
,- -" - ; .
Oakland Divorce Record.
Celebrates Admission Into the Union.
BOULDER, Colo.. Aug. 1.— Fully 20,000
persons attended the opening exercises
of the quarto-centennial celebration of
Colorado's admission to the Union. The
programme opened with a parade by the
National Guard and many civic societies,
which xeas reviewed by Governor Orman
and other notable guests. A mass meet
ing at the Chautauqua Auditorium was
addressed by Governor Orman, Senators
Teller and Patterson. Congressman Bell
and others.-
The programme for to-morrow will con
sist largely of athletic contests.
T A joint rally of the Epworth League Al
liance and the Golden Gate Union of
Christian Endeavor was held last night at
the First United Presbyterian Church.
Addresses, were delivered bv Rev. J. E.
Moore. D.' D.. Rev. H. C. Minton, D. D.,
nnd Rev. James Bashford, D. D. Dr. ,S.
K. Baker conducted the devotional ser
vices and ¦ Mrs. Annie Beaton Clary , and
William '¦¦ Grandemann rendered ¦ vocal
polos. The organ was presided over by
Sewell Bogart. V ." -...-'< •¦¦--' ¦"-'. fY C
Church Societies Hold Rally.
PRESCOTT, A. T., Aug. 1.— Harry C.
Mason.' a prominent attorney and' politi
cian . of- Cleveland,: Ohio, died here this
morning of consumption. He arrived in
Prescott Tuesday -night, hoping the cli
mate might benefit h!m, but his malady
had progressed too far. He was Speaker
of Jthe Ohio Assembly during the 1898 ses
sion, at which Mark Hanna was elected
Senator," and ' was active in : opposition . to
Hanna during that session; being a great
admirer of Mayor McKIsson.;The remains
will bo shipped to Cleveland to-morrow. ;
LOS ANGELES,- Aug. 1.— The ; Citizens'
Bank of this city, which has been operat
ing as a State bank, relinquished its State
charter to-day . and became a national
bank under the title of the Citizens' Na
tional Bank. At the same time the com
pany stork was increased from $100,000 to
$200,000. J. Ross Clark, brother of Senator
W. A. Clark of Montana. Is one of the di
rectors, and the bank will be the official
depository of the San Pedro, Los Angeles
and Salt Lake road. ¦ . .
THE DAY'S DEAD.
New National Bank Organized.
MANTI, Utah. Aug. I.— A cloudburet !n
the canyon this afternoon caused a tre
mendous flood of water to rush toward
Manti Creek and inundate this city. For
a few hours exeat excitement prevailed.
Thousands of cords of logrs and other
debris which was brought down with tho
great wall of water dammed up the or
dinary channels and a raging torrent
poured through the principal streets of
the city, forcing down fences, flooding
yards, running through houses and doing
great damage.
To-night Manti presents a scene of deso
lation.' The water has subsided, leaving
the city covered with mud, huge boulders
and debris.
CLOUDBURST CAUSES
A FLOOD IN A TOWN
The contest over the small estate has
its roots in an old family feud, and both
parties to the struggle are preparing to
make a bitter fight •,
Xow the brother has made a counter r>e
tition and announces his intention of fight
ing -out the contest to the end. Should
his efforts be successful, Mrs. Garrltv will
receive only $500 from her husband's es
tate, the bulk of the remainder >?olnjr to
satisfy a mortgage held by another broth
er, though nominally to be held by James
and Petor Garrity In trust for Thomas'
two children.
Judge Greene ruled that the will offered
Internal evidence that the testator was of
unsound mind when it was made, and
refused to admit it .to probate. Mrs. Gar
rity then applied for special letters of
administration.
OAKLAND. Aug. 1.— Policeman Peter
Garrity has begun his threatened contest
against his sister-in-law for the control
of the property of her late husband. At
torney Thomas F. Garrity. Mrs. Garrity
puts the value of the property at $1500,
which brings it within the amount claim
able by the widow should she obtain let
ters of administration upon the estate
Peter Garrity says his brother left an es
tate worth $3500. He fijed a petition to-day
asking for letters of administration under
the terms of a will dated In November,
1900. and offered for probate by him some
weeks since. At that time there was an
other will. before the court, in which, in
rambling and disconnected phrases, the
dying attorney cursed his brother and
willed his. property to his wife.
ESTATE IS SMALL BUT \
THE FIGHT IS BITTER
The former . Berkeley watchman estab
lished a record as the most unpopular
inmate In the history of. the Alameda
County Jail. His untiring efforts to score
petty infringements of prison regulations
gained him the 111 will of those who had
him In custody, while his fellow-prisoners
accused' him of all kinds of breaches of
the code of jail ethics. He gradually came
to be avoided by the other lodgers in' the
county's bastile. a fact- which he duly
noted to bis credit in one of the doggerel
rhymes of which he composed, a large
number during his incarceration.
.'. "You've got : It on me, all right." said
one hardened crook, who was leaviner the
Jail for San Quentin, "but thank God I'm
not like that fellow Brandes; he's a .bad
one." .
OAKLAND, Aug. 1.— The j jailers and
prisoners at the County Jail are rejoicing
at the departure of W. A. Brandes, the
convicted chfld slayer. Brandes was taken
to Folsom by Deputy Sheriff Striker at 8
o'clock this morning. V" . j ,.
His Ten- Year Sentence at
Folsom. I
W. A, Brandes, the Murderer, Begins
SLAYEB OF CHILD . '
GOES TO PRISON
MANTT, Utah,' Aug.' L—Raamus Ander
son, aged 27. this afternoon shot Miss Em
ily Campbell, aged 'about 22, and P. C.
Chrlstensen. a stage driver, and then com
mitted suicide. Miss Campbell had been
visiting at Salt Lake, and Anderson, a dis
carded sweetheart of the young lady, had
inveigled her home by means of a forged
message telling of her mother's approach
ing death. Miss Campbell. was driving in
the stage toward Mayfleld, her home, and
was met by Anderson, who Immediately
began shooting. He fired four shots, two
of which entered the young .woman's body
and • one . penetrated i her ' arm, the fourth
shattering.- the arm s of the < stage driver.
It t. is .believed that Anderson Intended i to
escape, but' his horse took fright and ran
away. .Seeing, thia, Anderson turned the
rifle on. himself and blew; out his brains.
Miss . Campbell ; may recover. ~
Suicide.
YOUNG WOMAN" SHOT . .
','.: ;. BY DISCARDED LOVER
the Girl and 'Commits
XTtah Man Waits For Stage to Kill
¦ Reception committee — J. Tamonv. D. Clarke.
J. Fred'lcks. P. Moran. J. RaiMng'. "W. Jf-
Gulre. T. Santry. W. PherMan. M. Bojrue. T.
Whearty. J. Cherry. T. Mlnshan. T. R. Hulln*.
A. McCann. J. Blvthe. J. McNenery. "W. Mc-
Kenn, R, Burns. L. Taylor. J.'-Hlnes. P. Mr-
Call. J. Fenton. E. > Baban, J. Murphv. F.
Meincke, J. Schore, J. C. Leonard. J. Morri
son. W. Casey, P. Millerick, J. McLester. J.
M. Darty. '. ' ¦
Floor committee— C»TJta1n J. Wesplar. floor
manager; Lieutenant T. Curtin, assistant floor
manager.
Music committee— Tosenh McDevitt, Dennis
Clarke. Captain J. "W»splar.
Gomes I committee — Thomas Minahan, T. R.
Hulin*. John Farmony. J. Cherry. J. Clarke.
J. ' Flnnegan. J. Fredrlcks.. Peter Claffy, T.
Cullen.
Gate committee— J. . Cherry. J. Taylor, T.
Minahan. J. Johnson, T. Whearty, J. Mc-
Devitt. t>. Clarke, T. R. Huling. J. Tamony,
J. Llnahan. '•
Printing commlttM — Rev. P. D. Brady, ¦ D.
Clarke. Captain J. Wesplar.
A ¦ complete programme of games and
amusements was well carried out and
valuable prizes were distributed to the
winners. There were music and dancing
in, the pavilion, races and contests on the
track and plenty of cool shade at the
tables beneath the trees.' .The picnic was
a success In every respect and the merry
makers departed on late trains, conscious
that they, had had a good , time. •
SAN RAFAEL, Auar.l. — The annual re
union and picnic of the parlshoners of St.
John the Evangelist's Church of San
Francisco were held to-day at Schuetzen
Park. , Several thousand people attendee!
and gave themselves up to a thorough en
joyment of thp occasion. The committees
were composed as follows:
John the Evangelist's Church
a Success.
Annual Reunion and Picnic of St
MERBY PARISHIONERS
AT SCHTJETZEN PARK
TACOMA, Aug. 1.— Seven exporting
firms 'Which will ship wheat from Ta
coma this season are chartering the larg
est fleet of grain carriers ever engaged to
carry grain from the Pacific Northwest.
Two years ago only one firm was engaged
In exporting wheat direct from Tacoma.
San Francisco and Portland firms have
gradually - entered this field, and this
week it «s announced that the Tacoma
Grain Company, owning a system of
warehouses through Eastern Washington,
will export its grain direct.
Balfour. Guthrie & Co. announce tp-day
that enough vessels to handle 30,000 tons
of the "Washington wheat crop are already
chartered and headed for Tacoma. More
gTain will be exported this year in steam
ers than ever before. It is estimated that
steamers will carry away at least 100.000
tons of wheat during the current crop
year, as against 50,000 tons carried last
season.
Washington Wheat Will Soon Be
Snipped.
One Hundred Thousand Tons of
BIG GRAIK CARGOES
FROM THE NORTHWEST
SAN JOSE, Aug. 1.— News has been re
ceived here , of the killing of Joseph
Schwind Jr. of this city at Florestan,
New, by his coming in contact with a
live electric wire. A few months ago he
graduated from an electrical school In San
Francisco and went to Nevada to take a
oositlon.- "While doing some work where
he was -employed yesterday, he received
a shock and was so frightfully burned he
died a few hours later. He was 20 years
of age and the son of Joseph Schwind, the
well-known sculotor and marble designer
of this city. ¦ The body will be brought
here for interment.
Live Wire Kills an Electrician.
Sophomores— Edith R. Evans, Ida R. W.ck
pon, Rom»na J. Moore, Murl<"l Ransom. Aernea
\j. Arneill, Jacqueline A. . Moore and Edna
Wilde. .-
Freshmen— Eli uabeth C. Arneill, Caroline
Day,' Alice M. Meyer. Nora Thomas.
Juniors — Katherlne C. 'Bunnell. Katherlne F.
Smith. Edith Selbv, Mary Powell, Grace J.
Bo^rs and Maud Sutton.-
Seniors— Mary I. Bentley. Isabel B. Gcdln,
Agnes Frislus, Anna R. Hammond, Elsie L.
Burr.
Post jrraduates — Grace Sutton, *95; Cecelia
Raymond. '95; Lolla Harris, "90; Mrs. M. II
Jacobs, '93. "
Sorores in urbe— Mrs. Anson Blake, • Cali
fornia. '94: Mrs. George E. Colby. California,
'flo: Mrs.- Frederick Koch. California "97; Mrs.
Frederick Turner, California. 'S9: Ednah-Har
mon Wlckson, California, '98: Katherlne Ray
"Wickson. California, '99; Minnie Ray Wilson,
California, '00.
Omega Chapter of Kappa Alpha Theta
was founded at Berkeley in 1890. making
it one of the oldest sororities at college.
Its present members are following named:
.The building is two stories'; and. 'a' half
in height and contains some dozen or fif
teen rooms. An immense reception hall,
reception room, parlor and dining room
may be thrown into one. making the place
particularly desirable for sorority func
tions. The young ladies will continue giv
ing teas each month and have planned
many social events for the coming term
which their new home makes practicable.
The Kappa Alpha Theta Sorority can
boast of many prominent college women
among its members. From it the women
students selected their president a year
ago In the person of Miss Agnes Frlsius.
Many other positions of honor 'have been
held by its members.
occupy a new home at 2413 Ban
croft way. Neat and artistic as the old
home on Channing way was, it had be
come unsulted to tho growing demands of
the club. The new place is much larger
and is located 'nearer the university
grounds.
B— — ERKELEY, Aug.. 1.— At the be
ginning of the next term . the
Kappa Alpha Theta Sorority of
the University of California will
House's Interior. Plans Ren
der it Especially Adapt
able for Entertainments.
umerous Pretty Functions
to Be Given in the Home
During the Ensuing Term.
The various aspects ot the matter are
being investigated by several"school di
rectors with the view of presenting the
subject to the board at an early date.
The argument Is advanced by those who
favor the project that these children who
only suffer the lack of the sense of hear
ing should be given opportunity for the
"special training which their cases de
mand. A scientific system is employed,
that of lip movement, by which the deaf
child can readily be taught. It is this
method which is being used for the class
now being handled here.
This success is the mainspring of the
movement which those Interested have
started toward the establishment of a
class of such afflicted children In connec
tion with the work of the public schools.
Because of their affliction the children
could not be given the training of the
public schools and they were not eligible
for admission into the State Institute for
the Deaf and Dumb and Blind, a3 they
could articulate. The parents were ; ex
tremely anxious that their offspring
should be given an education and the re
sult was the formation of the class which
has been in successful operation for some
time.
The class numbers seven pupils, all of
whom are afflicted with total deafness,
but are otherwise possessed of their nat
ural faculties. The parents secured per
mission from the Board of Education to
use the room which ¦ was not In service.
There these children were assembled and
they have been educated under the direc
tion of an expert teacher, at the expense
of the parents.
The Board of Education has under con
sideration a project to establish a class
in the public school for the training of
deaf children. The suggestion has been
made to several directors, who have the
matter under consideration. It is the re
sult of work which is now being done
with a class of deaf pupils under private
instruction at a room in the Oakland
High School building.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
111S Broadway, Aug. 1.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Aug. 1.
Miss Elizabeth Phillips Hughes, the
noted English advocate of coeducation,
visited Oakland and Berkeley to-day. Miss
Hughes was for sixteen years principal of
the Teachers' College in Cambridge, an
institution where ¦ women desiring to lse
come teachers may take an ex-post grad
uate course, but was compelled to resign
on account of ill health, and is now trav
eling through the .United States en route
to Japan, to which country she is going
to study educational conditions. The Brit
ish Government has commissioned Miss
Hughes to write an j official report along
the lines of her observations in Japan. .
Mrs. Emma Shatter Howard accompa
nied Miss Hughes on a tour of inspection
of the University grounds and buildings
yesterday, and this morning the distin
guished visitor was present at Dr. Rus
sell's lecture on coeducation in the Hall
of Philosophy. Miss Hughes was request
ed to address the assembly, and as she
and Dr. Russell differ- somewhat In their
views of eaual education, her. remarks
were full of interest. Aliss Hughes- said
that women should be on the governing
boards of all colleges, in order that the
curriculum might be broadened and the
needs of women be understood and met.
She also said that we were behind the
times In that respect in this country—
that in Wales and England on all such
boards, where i all' else was equal, women
were preferred.' ' • -¦ -. :
MisH Hughes waa very much interested
in Mrs. Hearst's house for home Indus
tries, which she says is the only institu
tion of the kind in the world.
The eminent educationist is a warm
advocate of State universities, and had
nothing but nraise for the University of
California. She confessed to a disappoint
ment in. the buildings, but was delighted
with the great number of acres surround
ing them.
After the visit to Berkeley to-day. Miss
Husrhpss was entertained at luncheon by
Miss McClees. and later in the afternoon
a number of ladies who are, Interested in
educational matters called. Miss Hughes
is a woman of most charming personality
and broad views, and a few deliehtful as
well as Instructive hours -were enioyed by
those present. Amonsr .the ladies who
met Mi«<» Hughes were Mrs. Alice Bun
nell. Miss M. S. Keene. -Mrs. Minnie
Wakefleld Curtis, Miss R*rah H^rton, Mrs.
ones Gray. Mrs. C. R. Xrbwn. Miss Ani+a
Whitney. Mis* Alice Flint. Mrs. R. H.
Chamberlain. Miss M'nn'«» Dyer, Mrs. E.
D. Papp and Mrs. A. P. Peck.
Miss Hughes sails for Japan on the 10th
Instant. ... • . - ¦ • : •
"There is no curse in the American
public school system as great as this lack
of preparation on the part of teachers.
If we are to make a step forward we
must have a more thorough going and a
more finished scholarship than ever be
fore. "We as teachers must take hold of
this question and put our profession
where it belongs. We must fight agatnat
incompetent teaching as malpractice in
fought against in surgery. Teachers of
the future must be more fitted for the
work professionally and scholastically."
Professor Ewald Flugel of Stanford ad
dressed the meeting on the "Humor of
Chaucer." Professor T. R. Bacon, dean
of the summer session, presided and said
farewell to the summer students.
"On the part of many teachers there
is a lack of ability to do the work we are
expected to do. We are not as a. class
fitted to do the work. We know it. but
we must confess that we would rather it
•would go no further than these four
walls. We as teachers have many. faults.
We haven't sufficient command of the
Instruments used in our schools: we don't
know enough of the subjects we are
teaching. We take up the work the day
after we auit being scholars. -
"We teachers as a class are the most
bigoted and narrow-minded set of, peo
ple of which I know who are engaged In
anything like a profession. We spend our
lives always looking down. 'The lawyer
finds himself against men his equal and
many times his superior and his wits are
being constantly sharpened. He is being
constantly subjected to criticism, but It
broadens him and lengthens him and
deepens him. The business man. the phy
sician and the minister find themselves
in very much the same position. The
teacher in the country all alone day after
day with only little children becomes nar
rower and narrower. It is a life hard, to
bear because of a lack of association to
inspire. It Is very much the same In the
cities, especially where teachers are
specialists in certain subjects. The rut
is worn deeper and deeper every day and
under the circumstances I wonder that
one ever gets out of it. •
Professor Russell is a teacher of .teach
ers and an acknowledged authority on all
things pertaining to teaching. Among
other things he said:
BERKELEY. Aug. 1.— James E. Ruh
sell, professor of the history of education
and dean of the teachers' college in
Columbia University, declared this after
noon that the teachers In this country as
a class were under educated/ and unpre
pared to do the work required of them.
His criticism was delivered before, the
closing general meeting of the University
of California summer session held in Har
mon Gymnasium and to an audience com
posed almost entirely of teachers of this
State. He declared against the faults of
Instructors and urged upon them the
necessity of uplifting the intellectual
standard of their calling. He spoke also
of the difficult conditions under which
they worked and the trials of their po
sitions. . . . -
Th«» heirs at law ar* the widow. Mrs.
Caroline Elizabeth L* Conte. Mrs. Emma
K. Furman. a daughter living- Jn ScotB
boro. Ga.; Mrs.' Sarah I> Conte-Davis. a
daurMeT lhinp 1n Columbia. S. C: Caro
line Eaton L« Conte. a dauehter llrlnj? at
bom*, and the son. Joseph X. Le Conte of
Berkeley.
The document Is witnessed by Profes
sors Frank Roule and George C. Edwards,
two of L« Conte' s confreres on the uni
versity faculty.
Th* Twtltlon for letters of administra
tion filed by Mrs. Le Contfi states tb^t
the property of her late husband consle'g
of cash fn bank to the amount of $31,939 14
and p*r»ona) property valued at not more
than 5&VX). No estimate Is placed on tb»
value of the royalties and unpublished
manuscripts disposed of Jn the wi]L
Value Is Wot Given.
In witness whereof I have hereunto s*t my
hand and peal this 30th day of October, in the
year of our Lord, one thousand »1rht hundred
and eighty-nine. .TOKEPH LE CONTE. .
In this, the execution of my last will *nd tes
tament. I purposely omit to make direct de
vises or bequests to certain of my children, for
(he reason that the two daughters who are
now married are well and sufficiently provided
for. and the omission to inske certain and spe
cific beneficial provisions for those of my chil
dren for whom I h»vR not made such provision
Is. on my part, intentional and not accidental.
My affection • f or each of my children is equal'
and such omission of beneficial provision is
solely for the reason before stated.
I timbr revoke any and all former wills by
me ever made.
I herebr Tiominwte and annoint tny eald wife
Caroline Elizabeth, to be the executrix of this
my last will and tert&ment, to act without any
binds being required of her at any stage in the
administration of my estate.
Joseph Le Conte, the Berkeley sage,
made ample provision to secure his fam
ily from want in his will, which was filed
for probate to-day Ly his widow. The
document contains bequests of about $40,
000 in cash and personal property, a 2000
acre plantation, the old homestead in
Georgia, besides the copyrights to his
published works and the royalties therff
on. The Berkeley residence was deeded
to his wife during his lifetime.
The full text of the great scientist's last
will and testament follows:
In the name of God, amen. I. Joseph Le
Ccnte of the town of Berkeley. Alsmeda Coun
ty. Ftate of California, of the age of 66 years.
and beinjr of sound mind and memory, and not
acting under duress, menace, fraud or undue
Influence of any person whatever, do make,
publish and declare this my last will and test
ament In manner following: that le to say:
I direct that "Jny body be decently buried with
proper regard to my station and condition In
life and the circumstances of my estate.
I direct that my funeral expenses and the ex
penses of my last sickness be paid by my ex
ecutrix hereinafter named as soon as the cir
cumstances r\f my eetate will penmi, and that
all my Just debts be psidr -. T*fSt
I have already made and executed and deliv
ered unto my beloved wife. Caroline Elizabeth
Le Conte. two certain deeds of eift. the one
dated July 3. 1ST?, and the other dated April 7.
1SS2. end I do hereby ratify and confirm said
deeds and the conveyance* thereby made.
Homestead to His "Wife.
I Five, devise and bequeath unto my said be
loved wife a life estate to endure and continue
ar.d be enjoyed by ner throughout her natural
lifetime, of. In and to all that certain piece and
tract of land now owned by me and situated In
Liberty County. Georgia, the same beinR 2000
acre*, more or less, the title and description of
which are fhown upon and by the records of
deeds in Liberty County. Georsria.
TTpon the death of my said wife. Caroline
Elizabeth, and oonsecuently upon the termina
tion of her 6aii life estate in fiald lands In Lib
erty County. Georgia, and upon the occurrence
if her death, and then to take effect. I do eive,
devise and bequeath unto my beloved daughter,
Caroline Eaton Le Conte. and my beloved son,
Joseph Niebet Le Conte. rtaare and share alike,
in equal proportions, the remainder in fee and
the simple title of. in and to said piece and
tract of land In Liberty County. Georgia, laat
cbove mentioned.
I Five, devise and bequeath unto my said be-,
loved wife all the personal property, manu
r-cripts and all profits to arise therefrom, all
household good* and effects, the royalties and
risrhts to royalty upon a!I books and publics
tirnp of which I now or at the time of my
death may be the author, and especially those
pHsins from the sale of "Elements of Geology,"
¦•Comp^nd of Geology," "Sight." "Religion
»nd Science" and "Evolution and Its
Relation to Religious Thought." all claims,
demands and causes of ¦ action due, owing
or belonriig to me and all moneys.
•whether in hank or otherwise, and all personal
property whatever and wheresoever situated of
¦which I may die the owner: and in regard to
all money* on hand, in hank or upon invest
ment at the time of my d-ath. I do affection
stHv request of my beloved wife that sh» shall
maintain «n1 preserve intact. If possible, the
principal and body of rach moneys and that
oat of the proceed* and earnings thereof she
shall, as to her shall seem beet, assist and pro
vide for t>* support «nd eflncat'en of my said
daughter. C?r«l!r.e Eaton Le Conte. and my
paid ton. Jofurph N'tsbet I> Conte. and that in
case of n«*e»#;ty ?h« vha.ll also give such eld
snd awrtrtancs as s>« m«y think beet to our be
i«v*<I <i«urhters. Sarah Elizabeth Davis and
Emm* Florence Furraan.
Wife Uamed as Executrix.
HIS Broadway, Aug. L
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Thp Superintendent 'Sand the Directors
feel hopeful that the warfare which has
been waged at Claremont will be stilled.
When that school was operated on the
district . plan the two factions fought
about every detail of the school's admin
istration. The teacher was the center of
the trouble. In addition to her difficul
ties of administration she was compelled
to board around among the neighbors, the
school being too remote from the thickly
settled residence districts to permit her
to travel to and fro daily. It was ac
counted a hard school. That is why the
Directors dodgred the issue. ..-. ¦
But this did not provide for Miss Bliss,
who was entitled to - draw v salary, al
though every class in the department had
been filled. Monday the rush of pupils
began. It swelled the records of the Oak
land School Dppartment as •¦ never -before.
Tuesday and "Wednesday saw little dimin
ution in the applicants for seats. By
Wednesday the Superintendent saw his
way clear. He ordered , the formation of
a new class at the Lafayette School and
Miss Bliss was appointed to handle the
pupils. So everybody is content and the
board is relieved of its embarrassing pre
dicament. . V
Miss Grace E. Bliss 1 Is the instructor In
question. She had been teacher at the
Claremont School, recently annexed to
the Oakland department. There had'been
a factional fight at Claremont and mat
ters .were decidedly upset. When the
school was made a portion of the Oak
land department the Board of Education
was confronted with a problem.. ¦ They
had elected Miss Bliss as a teacher, but
had failed to assign her to any class.
Last Friday, when' the Directors made
the allotments of teachers for the present
term. Miss Bliss was. left in the air. The
Claremont School was unprovided with a
teacher and the Directors dodged the is
sue.. They did. not want any of their
friends sent out there, and after wrestling
with the knotty problem for two hours,
causing a temporary deadlock in the
classification, the Directors finally passed
the perplexing question up to-Superin
tendent McClymonds for settlement.' He
gave the board- fair warning. ¦
"If vou do not elect a teacher for the
Claremont Srhcol, I will assign the first
teacher on the preferred I list to that
school."' said the Superintendent. Ho
made his word good, and Mrs. Ruth Me-
Clellan. the leading candidate on that
list, now holds the position of teacher at
the Claremont School.
The rush of children to the public
schools has saved the" Board .of Educa
tion and City Superintendent of Schools
McClymonds from the perplexing trouble
of making a place for a teacher who; by
a peculiar : chain of circumstances, was
thrown on the hands of the department.
- . - ¦ :,• ¦ ¦ ¦ . ¦
Oakland. Office San Francisco" Call,
1118 Broadway, Aug. 1.
Plan to Establish New-
Class in the Public
Schools.
Professor Russell Says
They Are Under
Educated.
English Advocate of Co-
Education Visits
Superintendent Gets Out
of an Embarrassing
Situation.
Ample Provision Made
by Berkeley Sage
for Family.
SAYS TEACHERS
ARE UNPREPARED
DEAF CHILDREN
PROVIDED FOR
LE CONTE LEFT
MUCH PROPERTY
FINDS A PLACE
FOR A TEACHER
KIDMEN SHOULD
HELP TO RULE
STORMS RUIN
THE RAILROADS
Southern Pacific Tribu
tary in Arizona De-
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Aug. 1.— Rain and
wind storms created great havoc along
the lines of the Southern and Northern
Arizona railroads last night. Never In the
past twenty years have storms of such
severity visited Arizona as raged along:
the line of, the Southern Pacific and its
tributaries.
The Gila Valley and Globe railroad
tributary to the Southern Pacific system
was virtually washed out of ex
istence. A big cloudbust below
Globe washed away five miles of
track and only in a few spots is any off
the foundation of the -roadbed left In Its
place. Stages have been put into use be
tween Tucson and Nogales and Globe, and
it will be weeks before traffic on. the rail
roads can be resumed. The damage will
not fall short of $400,000, and the loss of.
traffic will put the total at $5PO,000.
For over 100 miles south Into Mexico
nearly- all the railroads are disabled, and
thousands of cars of perishable freight
are waylaid with no possibility of saving
them. In Northern Arizona the Santa
Fe. Prescott and Phoenix road was
washed out for several miles, and ths.
wind caused severe damage. The Glla
and Salt rivers are both out of their
banks, as are all of the smaller creeks
and rivers in the mountains.
CARDINAL GIBBONS TALKS
OF PAPAL APPOINTMENTS
Intimates That Archbishops Ireland
and Corrigan "Will Be Made
Princes of the Church.
LONDON, Aug. 2. — The Dally Express
published an interview yesterday with
Cardinal Gibbons, which it prefaces thus:
"At present his is the only red hat In
the United States; but in a conversation
with a representative of the Dally Ex
press he intimated that the Pope intended
making Archbishop Ireland and Arch
bishop Corrigan prlnctvj of the -church."
Cardinal Gibbons is also represented as
saying:
"The Pope is sure that Washington will
do justice to the church In the Philippines.
He regards the United State3 as one of
the great strongholds of Catholicism, and
it will have greater weight hereafter in
Vatican councils.
"The Pope is convinced that the gath
ering of population into towns and cities
is one of the greatest menaces to religion
in the new- century, as rural populations
are hapo'er and healthier in body, mind
and morals."
Death Summons Pioneer "Woman-
STOCKTON. An?. 1.— Mrs. Mathilde Le
vinsky, mother of Attorney Arthur L. Le
vinsky. and a woman . well known
throughout California, in which State she
arrived in the fifties, died at her home In
this city this afternoon. Her husband.
John Levinsky. died six years ago to-day.
She was the survivor of three sisters who
married three brothers, of whom Louis
and Mark Levinsky, merchants of San
Francisco, survive.
Memorial Service at Garfleld.
SANTA CRUZ. Aug. 1.— At the Chris
tian Church convention this morning at
Garfleld Park an impressive service was
held in memory of members who died dur
ing the past year. The Rev. T. D. But
ter of Willows presided. Prayer was of
fered by the Rev. J. McCullough of Ir-'
vinpton. and the Scripture lesson was
read by the Rev. T. A. Bover of Stock
ton. To-morrow is to be Christian En
deavor day.
Furnish Lights Free of Cost.
LOS ANGELES. Aug. 1.— A a the result
of a rate war between the San Gabriel.
El Reno and the East Side Lighting Com
pany, .the latter concern to-day began fur
nishing Us patrons electric ' light currents
free of cost. Notice of such action was
given. The San Gabriel officials say they
will not follow the example of the East
Side Company, but -will allow their rival
a monopoly of the free service.
MEMBERS OF KAPPA ALPHA THETA; UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA: LOWER ROW, COMMENCING AT THE
LEFT AND CONTINUING TO THE RIGHT-(l) GRACE J. BOGGS, (2) EDNA WILDE. (3) ISABEL 3. GODIN. (4)
ANNA R. HAMMOND, (5) KATHERINE F. SMITH, (6) NORA THOMAS, (7) ELIZABETH C. ARNEILL. (S) KATH
ERINE C. BUNNELL. S '' i
BERKELEY SISTERHOOD, KAPPA ALPHA THETA, LOOKS FORWARD
WITH JOYFUL EXPECTANCY TO OCCUPATION OF NEW QUARTERS
9
KILL THE DANDETJFF GEBM.
Become Said.
Or Your Hair Will Fall Out Till Yon
Modern science has discovered that dan-
druff Is caused by a germ that digs up the
scalp In scales as it burrows down to the
roots of the hair, where it destroys the
hair's vitality, causing falling hair and.
ultimately, baldness. After Professor tTn-
na of Hamburg, Germany, discovered the
dandruff germ all efforts to find a remedy
failed until the great laboratory discovery
was made which resulted In Newbro's
Herpicide, It alcne of all other hair prep-
arations kills the dandruff germ.
dandruff hair grows luxuriantly. "Destroy.
the cause, you remove the effect.
_. .. -
DR.MEYERSfi.CO. jipii%
Specialist. Disease *£&/? J?"
and weakness of s|J3ip g
men. Established ?§&&
18SL Consultation f(\* *E?$7 &h
; and private ' book • i I
free, at office or by .• jf^k&H
mail. Cures gear- \^*<££5£*k2«2^
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.THE "SAN FRANCISCO/ CALL, ; ; . FRIDAY, ;;AUGJJSTJ;2;;;..19O1.
10
"HELP^ .WANTED-i.3IALE--Con. *
BARBERS. : notlce-^-The ' members of the State
Board of Barber Examiners. will hold even-
ing- sessions -from 8 o'clock until 10 o clocK
¦ " p. m.,- for. the purpose of Issuing certificates.
Emma Snreckels .building, 927 Market St..
room 204. ¦ P. W. DRAKE. Secretary.
YOUNG mechanic with good knowledge of
motors and able to Invest few hundred dol-
- lars wanted immediately; salary $100 monthly
- to commence. -Address box 4550. Call. -
WANTED— An offlce boy about 16 years of age:
one who has had experience and writes a
good hand. Address box 4553, Call offlce.
MEN to learn barber trade; positions at $60
monthly secured after eight weeks', practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examinations
and "diplomas given, free: complete outfit of
tools donated; wages -while learning; more
calls for our graduates tnair- can be supplied :
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special offer, v MOLER BARBER COLLEGE,
:635 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U."
• S navy able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 3o; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak. and read English, lor
further Information apply at the Recruiting
offlce. 40 Ellis St., San Francisco. ¦¦
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and sack
sewers are hereby notified to remain away
from Vailejo. Crockett and Port Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-.
1 housemen's Protective Association No. 9228.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House." 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week..
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R., room 40, Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
WANTED— Experienced domestic salesmen.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.
BARBER to work Saturdays and Sundays, or
Saturday evening and Sunday. 1205 Fillmore.
WANTED— Al pianist up in variety work; good
sight reader. Box 4547. Call office.- •_
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half-
- price. 563 Mission^st.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
ELDERLY man to work on small" place; small
wages. 1C26 Devlsadero. near Sutter.
FOR SALE— Barber fhop: must be sold at
once account of sickness. 2308 Howard st.
PANTS and vest makers for country. Apply
REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St. ¦
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships Tor all parts of
world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart at.
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition In
• San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 5Cc 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up.. 241 Third st.
WANTED— A good photographer and router.
Address box 443S. Call office. ¦_
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
, army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements sTrid
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
| lencla st. /
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
KORSEi S . ~
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts,- harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
• 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. ,
WANTED— One or two horses, color black, 16',£
hands, 1200 or 1200 weight, 6 or 7 years old,
for carriage or hearse. THEODOR DIERKS,
957 Mission st., San Francisco.
WANTED— A span of good strong horses for
morgue wagon; weight 1100 to 1200 lbs.; price
? $300 both. Communicate with Coroner's Of-
fice. San Francisco.
TWO pairs of fine carriage horses; very styl-
ish, sound, cood-looking. Golden Gate Sta-~
bles, ' .- . ,
BOYCOTT the Roberts Harness Co.; he sells
too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, Vjggiea. carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camming 'vai'Wi' for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
HORSES WAXTED.
HOUSES wanted to work on scraper Job: fcur
or five months' work. Apply at 28 Montgom-
ery f-t.. room 25. \ "
MENTAL and nervous diseases^A few . select
5 cases will be cared' for at Hospital and Sani-
-. tarlum. 230 Douglass St.. San Francisco.
o^rlT'-
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSKN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1736— Elegant sunny resi-
dence, 12 to 14 rooms and bath; fine marine
view; large garden; heaters; 2 dancing halls.
HOUSE of 10 rooms, partly furnished or un-
furnished. Apply at premises. 1712 Bush st.
FIinXISHED HOUSES-— SPBCRBAX.
FOR rent In Ross Valley— Completely furnished
modern house of 11 rooms and bath; 5 min-
utes' .walk .from Ross station. Apply box 43.
Ross station. '
V ***'
LOST— August 1, in a buckskin sack, about $30:
¦ between Dolores and Castro - sts. Finder
please return to £63 Natoma st. and receive
liberal reward.
$20 REWARD— Lost, satln-flnlshed gold watch
and chain: Initials J. W. Return to store
1220 Market st. ; no questions asked.
LOST — Black cocker spaniel; suitable reward.
2017 Broadway.. •'-,'^\.
TEN dollars reward— Lost, bar pin; six dia-
monds set in scroll work. Leave at HAM-
, MERSMITH & FIELD'S. 26 Kearny st.
LOST— A white dog; answers to the name of
Beauty. Liberal reward, 320 Taylor st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold to make new watch cases.
1 Wanted— Old gold and manufacturing. O. Nolte,
! Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
.> MATRIMONIAL.
MA^RTA'GfrbureauTeItab?^SS7: reliable & con-
fldentlal: lists 10c. MRS. HERTZ. 70S Ellis st.
I = 1
MISCELLANEOUS-— F* OR 9^*LE — Con.
WE pay big prices for ladles' sealskins. Port-
land Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton »t.
*D-HA\D machinery of all kinds bought, sold.
'^e"t1d. exchanged" H. S. White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. TH3
WALTZ SAFE. 109-U1 Market St.. San Fran.
SAFES New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-413 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hanfl machln-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel-
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 06 Bluxome.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand i movln? plc-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In tha
United States or Canada one year for >1.
'• ' - MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
ALL check stamps and stamped checks bought;
.- also documentary stamps. 100S Call building.
"WANTED— Small gasoline launch: stats size.
power and speed. Address box 3713. Call.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
y theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Folsom 2522.
MOXEY TO LOAX. _^
AA— MXNHATTA^TLOAN~cbilPANY.
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland; town and country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loan*
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5C24. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
tJet my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery at., room 3
HERMAN MURPHY.. 6C3 Examiner building—
$5, COO. 0C0 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
j erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; da
not borrow of your friends or you will loa*
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay: no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
ANY proportion, any amount: 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
St.; teL Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
J25.CO0 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent: city or
country: ¦ see me before going elaewhere.
t HARPER. 397-Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party: no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 6».
MOST reliable .place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAU 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, ) sliver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery St.. r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HUV^J^^Ierch^tsV&^ja^ajlfornia.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos: $13 up: no removal:
no commission; private-. Rocm 81. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary: no tndorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
$1CO,OCO TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome St.. room 2.
THE Tous'ey Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
3IOXEY WAXTOD.^
WANTED — To borrow from private party $2C0O;
good real estate security. Box 4551. Calt.
~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A~QUESTION
Why is it our competitors fight and say more
against the Ludwig piano than any other
make? Because they know that there is more
real value in the "Ludwig" than any other
piano. It is the best piano for the money in
the market. They know It. "We know it and
you will know it when you see> «nd hear Jt.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. Sole Agents.,
933 Market st., S. F.; 951 Broadway. Oakland.
A MOST remarkable sale of pianos at reduced
prices will close August 1 at our store. 769
Market st.; parties who have not been able to
decide have now only three days in which to
do so: we shall have an extra force of sales-
men to wait ui>cn customers, so that none
may go away disappointed: remember, that
all our pianos are offered at 20 per cent and
30 per cent discount from the regular prices.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO. \
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN, CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 year3 from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
incnth: some good pianos sold for S3. $4 and
J5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St., Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
w price; costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st. ; established 1S50. . » .
A SURPRISE awaits all who are Interested in
the self-playing piano; the Cecil ian Is the lat-
est and best: you are invited to our dally
concerts. BYRON MAUZY, 308 Post st..
Union square, sole agents Sohmer & Co..
Byron Mauzy. Gabler.VLester. Hamilton and
Spielman pianos.
ANY make at lowest prices. Agency famous
Hallet- Davis. Bargain list $30 up: uprights:
Mahogany Fischer, $95; Steinway. $1S5:
Chickerlng ?165; 20 others; rents $2 up; great
inducement to agents.
HEINE PIANO CO., 217 Geary, st.
A LIST of fine second-hand pianos — 1 Emer-
son. 1 Hallet & Eavls. 1 Cnnover, 1 Curtaz 1
Sterling. $75. $125. $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell st.,
Chickerlng, Vose, Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
MATTRESSES AXD PIL.LOAV S. "
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery: Al carpet cleaning; N Jionest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 41t tt> 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bu3h 421. ' , \ ¦ "
______ _ -
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DA VIES"
¦ original method of treatment; maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1126 Market, S. F.
T DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin dlsease3. N\V, cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
aiiscEL<L ' A ?'^p.. ij!s ~?r5 > .!?L il ' e '
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. M<>
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, - mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, lincleum, new and
- second-hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
. one floor, ready made; we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019, 1021, 1021
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
60 FEET of bank counter and grill; Will cut
to suit; must be sold by August 3. 190L F. G.
JONES. 1113 Webster St.. Oakland.
Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophones, $5 to
5150; easy terms; children's toy graphophonea
jl 50; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very,
cheap. -Columbia Phonograph Co.. 123 Geary..
AIR compressor, 3 sizes, 5, 10. 20 stamp mills;
30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators; 4 sets hoisting works; steam
X^nd water power. J. B. Jardinc, 220 Fremont,
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery. ' en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys.
etc. WHITELAW.^ Z16 Spear at. ...
A— $3 30 DERBY and Fedora hat3, ?1 75. Popu-
lar. Price Hatters. 330 Kearny. st., near Pine."
FINE suits, S10; dress 'pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st. !
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum- I
ber. . lath, brick and firewood ; lowest prices
Dolan Building Supply Co.. 1611 Market st.
4 BEAUTIFUL '.diamond rings cheap; no rea-
sonable . cash offer refused; must sell. 2-J0O
Howard st. ¦ -
A* LOT of granite, fire escape. 50.000 bricks at
'- ANTHONEY'S, near ; Second. , on Mission* st.
DIAMONDS, watches,^ Jewelry.^ cash or install-
ments. Theo. Fershtand, 126 Kearny, r. 29.
FOR sale— New 15-h. j>. Union >as engine of 'the
, latest' type. S."& G. GUMP. CO.. 113 Geary st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and '. dress
suit cases. A. ; B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st. •
MOVING picture attachments for magic Ian- •
-¦: terns.- $12 30., 109; Montgomery, gt.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second !
« .- hand. J. E.. DOAK, ¦ 511 Mission st.T. |
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and '
, -bollera bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, s showcases;, all lengths and sizes. I
3. SCHWERDT. S21 Mission St.. .*•• |
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
at your own price; $6 installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market st.
AT KEEFFETS piano store. 22 Turk. nr. Mar-
. ket — Shonlnger and Schubert pianos.
NEW upright; sold for advances. PIERCE
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church sts.
GOING East account of death; must sacrifice
large 3-pedal upright piano. 316 Turk st.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
S150 BUYS elegant modern upright; or rent for
$2 50 n.onth. 342 Kearny st.
STEINWAY. J200: Hartman. J100; elegant new
pianos, $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 3 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
A SPLENDID Steinway: Viprlghts, 1LC0; pianos
. rented $2 upward. BRXJENN. 2C8 Post »t.
A LARGE let of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. . HORXUNG'S. 21S McAllister.
A FINE unrtsht piano-Tor sale cheap. 837 Mc-
. Allister st. - ¦* -
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET*.
BASEMENT to let: suitable for bakery. In-
¦ quire 106 Eleventh st. ; rent $10.
323 PACIFIC it.— Handsome, large store, cheap;
also 810 Sansome. store $6 per month.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order: ail
Y8lzes; cheap. H. S. WHITE, 513 Mission st.
~~ PALMISTRY.
M^s7~LAlIBT~scTentlflc palmist: head and faca
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
MME GERMAINE. the business palmist or
- the Pacific Coast; 1 to 5. 903 Market b"-
H JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 513
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Po3t; tel. Black 561.
PHYSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR C C. O'DONNELL— Offlce and residence.
1021 Market st.," between Sixth and Seventh.
DR WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; sea
I testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A.—DR. WONG WOO, herb doctor; sanitarium^
764-766 Clay st. ; see testimonials at office.
PILES. -. ~
NEARLY 1CC0 permanent cures here la your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years:
over 50 names of prominent - business men
sent aa reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay froM business, and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1360, Call
" offlce. S. F.. CaL
SAX FRABTCISCO CALL.
¦ \ ;
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Tall, corner of Market and Third etreets; open
entU 12 o'clock ever}' night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery I street,
torner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
S00 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m. -• ¦
C3» McAllister street; open until »:30 p. m.
€15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission 6treet: open until 10 n. m.
1261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
antll 9 p. xn.
306 Eleventh 6treet: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 P. ra -
Northweet corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky etreets; open until 9 p. xn.
?700 Fnimore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING \OTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. IL .a.
T.. S Po*t St.— Regular assembly THIfe «^|C
(FRIDAY) EVENING. Order of The F%
Temple. All fraters courteously in- Mtf
vited. By order of the Commander. '¦ *¦* '
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
nia Past Grands' Association. L
O O F.. will visit £an Francisco
Lodge Ko. 3. L O. O. F.. THIS
(FRIDAY) EVENING. Members *«??
¦ are requested to attend.
R. H. LLOYD, President.
EARGENT Lodge No. 368. I. O. O.
F.— Initiation THIS (FRIDAY) -££££&&£¦
EVENING, Aug. :. Visiting
brothers cordially welcomed. ///l|v
H. H. McPIKE. N...G.
GEO. W. DIXON. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 63, kI »
of P.— Members and visiting broth- ». J*<
erf lire notified to attend conven- OTC^E^
tion THIS (FRIDAY) EVENING, at
S. Short talk and illustrations by Dc J. A.
Kergan. GEO. THOMSON. K. of R. & S.
EAN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. K.
O. T. M.— Review THIS (FRIDAY) ¦ffiRSra
EVENING at S o'clock. Pioneer K/SeSfsS
Hall. 24 Fourth Et. VU@S3?
H. H. CASTLE.
Record Keeper.
REGULAR meeting: of the Cale- v 'O'^
donian Club THIS EVENING atZ\£kd]
f o'clock. Ex-Chief ANGUS Me-
LEOD will entertain the members
at the close of the regular meeting. Scot-
tish Hall, 117 Larkln st.
A. M. MACPHERSON. Chief.
JAE. H. DUNCAN. Secretary.
REBEL Cork Benevolent Association— Come
and see your friende »t the Rebel Cork picnic.
BUNDAY NEXT. August 4. at Shell Mound
Park; everybody will be there; the gate and
came prizes which have helped to give this
picnic the reputation which it now has will
excel In value and number all previous pic-
nics; SkoO alone In cash prizes: also a Domes-
tic sewing machine, value $75, which is ¦ on
display -in the window of 1C21 Market Et.; a
union band second to none will be in attend-
ance at the jiavilicn. also first -class music
for reel and iig dancing. Don't forget the
date, SUNDAY. August 4. 1901. -^
ANNUAL meeting— The Risdon Iron and Loco-
motive Works — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Risdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works for the election of trustees for the
ensuing year and the transaction of such-
other business as may be brought before the
meeting will be held at the offlce of the com-
|-«my, southeast corner of Beale and Howard
ets.. San Francisco, on MONDAY, the Bth
day of August. 1901, at 11 o'clock a. n>
L. R. MEAD. Secretary.
ADOPTION. "
INFANTS ndoTjted into good homes. MRS.
DR. FUNKE? 1416 Eighth et,.' Alameda.
ASPHALTU3I ROOFIXG. ~
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. . 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS. AT LAW. '
ADVICE free .-divorces private ;bankruptcy; col-
lections ;attachments : mortgages; bills of sale;
partnership? :deeds; wills drawn;fees low;open.
eve's. THURSTOX, 100$% Mkt.. r. 4, op. oth.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free: no charge unless euccessfuL W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket rt. ; consultation free: no fees in advance.
BOOKS — \C\\* AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every Kin.l boughtr~TeT^Red~^936.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-70S Mission st.
BOARDIXG FOR CHILDREX.
MIDDLE-AGED couple want an infant or Email
child to board from responsible party; bet* of
care. MRS. PLYM, East Berkeley P. P., Cal.
2 OR 3 children to board; good home & moth-
er's care; 510 up; sunny yard. 1C07 California.
A GERMAN lady wishes children to board day,
week or month; sunny yard. 439 Minna " st.
BUSINESS CHAXCES. '
A— 545C— Candy store on Ellis St.; dally receipts
about $10; rent 526; good business. Call R.
G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A— 12750— BARROOM on Market st.. close to
Chronicle; cally receipts from $35 to $35; rent
J100; a good business. Inquire R. W. WILKE
26ij Kearny st.
A— $600; SALOON, established many years in
choicest business part of this city; low rent;
investigate at once and vou will find a first-
class paring business. Call R. G. WILKE,
£6*2 Kearny st.
A— J1000; General merchandise store, with
coal and hay yard, across the bay; estab-
lished many years and doing a splendid busi-
ness. Call R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $900: SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms, 4th
and Market sts. ; net rent S22; r*rc chance;
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 26Vs Kearny st.
A— $1500; COFFEE faloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market st. : daily receipts from
$90 up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 2^ Kearny st.
A— 51250;* CORNER transfer saloon In the very
best location; established 10 years; rent J4D;
death in family cause of sale and a great sac-
rifice. See R. G. WILKE. 26»4 Kearny st,
A— $1500; FIRST-CLASS In prices and first-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building;
come, . investigate and you will find a splen-
did investment. Call R. G. WILKE, 26'.i
Kearny et. "
100 CIGAR stands. 200 candy stores. 300 groce-
ries and bars, 400 saloons, £00 bakeries, 600
tt ores cf all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from: call In and see what we can
offer. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market.
A CHANCE of a lifetime; fine confectionery
and ice-cream store, with cigars; daily ca»h
business. $20; pop. 30.OC0; can be fully investi-
gated; owner going East: sold reasonably If
at once. MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.
A— FIRST-CLASS s=aloon : located north of and
near Market st. ; good business location; pres-
ent owner has other business and must sac-
rifice. Apply box 4527. Call offlce.
J2T.00— SALOON and lodging-house; city front;
bert business location in the city. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777'6 Market st; estab. 25 years.
J3jO — FOR sale; branch bakery, confectionery
notions and laundry offlce: 1 block from
crammar school; 2 large living rooms; party
leaving city. Address box 4544, Call.
COMPLETELY furn. restaurant for sale cheap-
20 hardwood tables. Inquire. E12Vi Brannan.
"WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
J3C00 in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.; cash receipts about $1500 to
rjftCO per month. Address GEORGE MAT-
EP.LE. German Expert Optician. 1071<4 Mar-
ket et.. Ean Francisco.
FOR sale— Novel and useful patent; a money
maker; a bargain. Box 4545, Call offlce.
GUN & locksmith business & buildings for sale
Address S. F. Call Agent, Santa Cruz, Cal. '
"WANTED for cash on ehort notice — Groceries
hardware, merchandise. 14 McAllister, r. 16!
CANDY, notion, stationery store; near school
€06 McAllister et.
GOOD paying restaurant and lodging-house:
a miles from city. Address box 3943. Call. ¦
SALOON for sale cheap or take a partner. 64C
Commercial St.. near Kearny. .
FOR sale— Acropolis Chophouse. Sutro Heights
low rent; doing sood business; the ownei
leaving for Europe.
$1200— A Call agency in a city near San Fran-
Cisco. Box 873S. Call office. °
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10W
Valencia Et.
LODGING-HOL'SES FOH, SALE.
ATTENTION Lodging-house Keepers— 22 al
light rooms, corner Pacific and Powell; suit
•able improvement .for permanent tenant
house being thoroughly- painted and papered
etc.; can be arranged for hcu«-k»eplng- ren
cheap. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgom.
ery et., room 3.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
Tou may buy any rooming-bouse In
the city and pay for It
in monthly payments
from the profits
. of the house.
Vacant houses furnished. — ' -•'..
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. K» Market.
BEFORE buying your lodging-houses or othe
business, call on the- Boston Business Agency
Everything thoroughly investigated; a tria
riven.- •;•¦•. ." -
McBRIDE & CO. ............... 1016 Market st
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE — Cow.
.....HOTEL AND BAR.....""..."'..*.-.
70 roome, fine country town...'. .'
Clears J250; price $18C0. DECKER. 1020 Markt.
h. c. decker.:............: ...
1020 Market St., opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint 796.
26 Years. In Business in This City
Offers for Sale and Exchange .-
100 rooming-houses, 10 to BOO rms. $50 to $25,003
150 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms"., $100 to. 20,000
40 flats, 3 to 12 rooms. $80 to... :.....••• 750
60 private homes, 6 to 23 rooms, $90 to... 2,000
SI boarding-houses, 10 to 100 rms.. $350 to 10,000
20 hotels. 40 to 200 rooms. $1000 to... v S.OOO
40 grocery stores. $400 to 6,00c
. 20 candy stores. $300 to 'Sx?
40 saloons, $400 to ""...... 6 .°00
10 cigar stores," $300 to. L °W
GOO other businesses, all kinds, $100 to.. 20,000
' 100 vacant lots. $25 to , s> i*2
I 75 houses and lots, everywhere, $600 to.. 50,000
B chicken ranches, $400 to... ,r2X
60 ranches, everywhere. $300 to i 4 ',?
..To Buy, Sell or Exchange Anything Call..
I can gult you. H. C DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton Rt. ¦_ _
Rooms 2L 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sires and prices. See list of bargains •
60 r.; rent $200; fine family hotel $6000
34 r. ; cor.; rent $110: good fur. and carp.. 2oOO
25 r.; rent $110; residence, good. clrs.$100.. 1900
Money loaned on deferred payments; V& p. c.
20 r.; rent $75; new carp.; pt. housekpg... 12<>C
12 r.; rent $60; Al loc; nice home 650
6 t^ rent S35; downtown; fur. & car. gd... 353
" Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st
An elegant 11-room house; oak furniture;
only $250 •
A beautiful home on Van Ness; 14 boarders;
large Income; $1100 v.
A 40-room house, richly furnished, clearing
$400 per month: in the exclusive residential
center; cost $9000; now $7000.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, the real estate
agent. — Money to loan — payable monthly or
yearly; no charge when you list your house
with me; call at offlce for list; here are some
samples: 22 rooms, rent $25. clears $100, snap,
" $800; 40 rooms, central, rent $100, s«>« this house.
$1800; 16 rms., rent $50. 1 block Mkt., $650; 14
rooms, rent $30; housekeeping, no work, $300.
SELECT your homes' from the largest list In
town— Rooming houses and hotels, from $100
to $W,000; hundreds to choose from. WALTER
HAYES & CO.. S3S Market St.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at offlce of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
No. 317 Market st. (near Fifth St.).
$750— LODGING-HOUSE, near Market st. : new,
good furniture. McLaughlin & Co., 777^ Mkt.
$350— LODGING-HOUSE. 10 rooms, furnished.
864^j Mission st.
BARGAIN— 10-.-«>om - lodging-house furnished
complete; all full; rent cheap. Call 310 Sixth.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
• Sun., Tues., Fri., 8 p.m.. 50c; you can speak
to your spirit frii'.nds face to face and recog-
nize "them: give names; has received medals
from many countries; taken last world's
; record medal at Paris Fair. 1034 Bush; tel.
2275 Larkin st. -
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnhcm, spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty: cir. Sun. Wed.
end Frl. evenings. 38 McAllister st. (no sign).
MRS J J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
SPIRITUALISTS' Headquarters, 305 Larkln st.
to-night; Mediums' Protective Assn. test
meeting; Mrs.Eberhardt.Wood.Roblnson; 10c.
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sunday and
Thursday. 8 p. m. : every one gets a test; pri-
vate readings daily. 299 Hyde st.. cor. Eddy.
MME. MAXWELL, spiritual meeting to-night:
convincing test readings daily. 123S Howard
st., 8 p. m. ' ¦ ¦ _^_
JOHN SLATER— Circles. 25c.: Sun.. Mon., Frl.
eves.. 8:15: Wed. aft., 2:45; sit. 10 to 4 except
Sat. and Sun. 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
MRS HARLAND'S circle to-night: written
questions: 10c; readings, 50c. ?L 148 Sixth st. |
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readings daily;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601. «
MRS HUBBARD. 109 Oak; cir. Tues.. Frl.. 8
p.m.; Wt-d., 2:30 p.m., 10c; readings dally. 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3c3 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
M^yer: sittings dall^: test to all to-night.l0c
. CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME~"m BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
A-LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT. '
HIGH PSYGHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the Coast: i
" he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mail.
MADAM MONTAGUE.
Truthful predictions in all affairs of life; gives
names, facts, figures; gives luck; honest pre-
dictions in love affairs; reunites separated ;
not one failure: letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells paat
and future; never fails; has the greatest Egyp- |
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215'^ Sixth st..
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c. !
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk. :
I ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
• 6th: private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5 p.'m.
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist; horo-
scopes cast; lessons given. 50c; hours 11 to 1
and 4 to 6. 148 Sixth St.. room 22.
UP to date; Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
ist aud reader of human destiny; never falls;
25c and 50c. 1203 Mission St., cor. Ktb.
j MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
! test medium; 25c. 777 Market St., room 18.
Mrs.Mallorj-.cIairvoyant card reader; when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
I MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
J reader, 11, 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1816.
1 MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant. card reader;
ladies 25c, gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
. sittings, Sa.m. to 8 p.m. ; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c. 262 Minna st., near Fourth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant.' card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. ECHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
fittings daily. 41SV4 Jessie st.. bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice: names given: 25c un. 5 Fourth >t.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns. Ingrown nails, warts; pain-
less cure: guaranteed. 'Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF. Strassburger fromN. Y., specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N. Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COTTAGES TO LET.
FURNISHED or unfurnished cottage, 5 rooms
and bath. Apply 2S21 Bush st. -
CARPET I1EATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPATJLDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; t«l. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prep.
BEATING, -Se?t laying. 3c; renovating, "5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 170?. Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works.
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. . G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th «t.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL ' Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth et.; tel. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-'
TON. 3 Eighth St.; telephone Jessie 914.
¦COLLECTION. OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agelicy^No'chargTun^
less successful. Room . 310, 927 Market • st.
. DENTISTS. .
A^DrT T.'iTlnGG'lNS^^^ar^k^r^stre^C
Emma Spreckels huilding. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50; ,
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural , and
guaranteed. »5 up; a good- metal plate: $15;
. gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; . teetii
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st.. cor. ,4th, rm.- 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done' painlessly; teeth
• without plates our specialty; gold crowns
53 50 up; plates, extractions free, $ I 50 up; of -
flee hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, * plates, bridges
• and fillings; extractions ' or: fillings by my
- i wonderful secret, painless 1 method ; 20 year*'
experience; no students ;- advice free; ' prlcc3
cheapest and guaranteed; ' lady attendants.
1DR. GEORGE W. LEEK,, 20 OTarrell st. .
;. ' K" : ;~/ PLATS TO-LET. ~ v •---•;.
TEDDY,' 929-931, ; near . Franklin— Two beautiful
"; new flats. > Just completed. . comprising- all that
j modern architecture - can . produce; 1 containing
2 9 and ; 10 : rooms and bath each ; salon I parlors
and | reception . hall ; servant' s room . additional
-with each flat; now open ' for Inspection.
SHAINWALD, . BUCKBEE & CO., 21S-220
Montgomery it."-;-;-.--;-' • •"''• .- *.-' " " ' -'¦ "
SUNNY flat of 4 rooms; newly r>ainted and
; papered;; yard,' cellar.' ' 39' Bruce place, off
Folsom; and Harrison. ave.; between Seventh
7 and Eighth sts. ; rent $8:y :-¦; . ' : " ' .' '
CHOICE '•¦ new :¦ flats; exquisitely . finished* ideal
.;--. location ;.-.Vallejp and- Laguna sts.; .marine
.'..View.','; •;¦..-¦,¦ •; -. . ' ¦:.- ¦ ..*% ' .- .-,;¦' •¦" . s
LEAVENWORTH, ' 1519V4— Flat of '¦ 4 rooms and
' ba^h ; modern Improvements; 1 rent $15. .:
STOCKTON, . ' 603— Sunny f urni3hed " flat, 3
* rooms and bath; also • single ; rooms. . -
DE ; LONG ave.; 21— Flat - 5 sunny rooms and
ti bath: i;,-"! ¦ . .¦ • ¦ . . ¦ • ¦ . '.'.:-..- - : -
FLAT of 5 sunny rooms and bath, yard . and
' 134 . Page st. -;--.¦•; ;¦ ' ¦-.¦-.'¦¦¦-. .;:-.- :-
LARGE eight-room , modern upper flat: attic,
cellar. >. Northwest corner Page and Shrader.
$12 50— 289 SHIPLEY st., near Sixth; flat; bath,
gas; nice yard; sunny. :
FLATS* TV LET— FURNISHED. ?
NICE -, 8-room ; flat and ; bath ; ¦ sunny side ; all
modern Improvements ; to a responsible party
only on 2 years' lease. Apply from 10 to 5
o'clock,' 5S2 Oak st. *
SHOT WELL/ 606A— Flat 5 furnished rooms and
-bath; rent $18. • .:.
FURNITURE FOR SALE. •
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7
.': range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1] 31 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED. "
CAL. Auction Co^lieTMarket— Buys filrniture,
', merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.,
Auctioneer; W." P. Beaucnamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
BEFORE selling your furniture, : see Abram's
Auction House, ]1C5 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
J price for second-hand furniture; tel. Re(J 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1205 Larkin; tel.Polk 694.
furniture and furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
* HELP WAXTED— FEMALE.
WANTED— Cook, hotel, $75; first-class cook, no
I washing, 2 in family, $35; first-class nurse,
care of 1 child 2 years old, $25, and second
< ( girl and sewing,. $25; German .or French
lady's-maid, $25; parlor maid and waitress,
. $2o; cook for nice •. summer boarding place,
¦ $35: 3 waitresses, -restaurants, $8 a' week;
• waitress . for hotel in mining town, $25; 4
waitresses, city family hotels, $20; 2 laun-
dresses and some chamberwork, $25; -ironer
• for laundry, $1 50 a day; cook, some house-
. wcrk, 3 in family, near San Jose, $30: • 2
Protestant girls to assist each other with
¦ dining-room and pantry work, for Institution,
$20; 49 cirls for. housework in city, $20 and j
$25; 10 girls for housework and cooking,
country, $25 and $30; 4 second girls, $20 and
$25. Apply to J, F.' CROSETT & CO.. 316
~ Sutter st. ..
, AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S..... 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.....
. 25 waitresses, Southern California......... $25
: 4 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare paid down.. $20
25 waitresses, city & commercial hotels.$20-$25
2 head waitresses, city $25-$S0"
. 4 fancy ironers, country hotels $35
Laundress, springs, free fare both .ways. .$30
............FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housekeeper for doctor's house S20
Cook, flrst-claes place, city $35
Cook, private family ....$35
Chambermaid and laundress, same house..*25
. E0 other different places, call and select. -"
. C. R. .HANSEN ¦& CO... 104 Geary et.
"MRS. M. E.- DAY & CO. ...Phone Main 1575"
"... HOTEL DEPARTMENT ..........
Head waitress, city hotel; 2 more waitresses,
Coronado Beach, $25. half fare; 2 more walt-
¦ resses. Salt Lake City, fares here; 2 wait-
resses, commercial hotels. $25; 15 waitresses,
different city and country hotels, $20 and $23;
v. 2 waitresses, springs, $20, free .fare both
. ways; 3 chambermaids to wait $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
2 housegirls for families, near together in
. country, $20 and $25, fares paid, see lady here;
S second girls, $20; second girl and seam-
stress, $25; 25 cooks and housegirls, city and
. country ............ .• -...
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
HOP PICKING— Wanted. 20C0 men, women and
, children to pick hops;, pleasant work; crop
. very heavy; easiest- picking; hop dances
nightly; good music; good • camping accom-
modations;' tents . rented .cheap; wood and
plenty good water free. Groceries at city
prices; stores, ' bakery and postofflce on
ranch. Picking commences August 12 at
Horstville Ranch; 2 miles east of Wheatland,
on Bear: Elver. "Apply or address P. M.
ROONEY. Horstville, Cal., or HORST
BROTHERS, 122 Battery St., San Francisco.
WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: both
piece and day work; steady, clean work all
.summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.,
1 — — '. : , ; '
I WANTED, to go to Santa Clara Co.. woman
_ to do cooking and seneral housework for
family of three adults. Call room 10, 6 Eddy
St., Friday, from 9 to 11. .
A MIDDLE-AGED Protestant lady to do gen-
eral housework; family of five; good home
home for a respectable woman; no trlflers;-
plain cookinsr. 3507 Twentieth st. j
A GERMAN girl wanted for housekeeping and
tend store In a bakery; wages $20. Address
1321 Mason St. " ¦ . \~
MIDDLE-AGED woman in a family of 2; no
washing; wages $10; reference. 808 McAl-
: lister st. " . . \ ¦ ;
LADY who understands manufacturing of un-
derskirts. BAUER BROS. & CO., 21 San-
some st. • • i .
'.WANTED— Two intelligent ladies' at Room
' Renting Agency, 935 Market St., room 14. ' ,j
NEAT young girl for upstairs work and sew-
¦ in;. 2520 ¦ Vailejo st.'; . > . :. ' ';
YOUNG eirl for country: assist with baby and
. general housework. S28 Turk st.
OPERATORS on waist* and wrappers. NEW- I
/BAUER BROS.. 507 Market st. ¦
GERMAN girl, cook and light housework. $25.
. 1525 ' Howard St.; before 9. , .
GIRL for general housework. 1053 Market St.,
upstairs. .. ¦
AV ANTED— Experienced i waitresses; call , at
once ; no fee. 1 127 Mason st. '
YOUNG lady; knowledge of stenography; light
oflice work; monthly salary $10. Box 4569, Call.
GIRL for general housework. 2351 Howard St.,
, between Twenty-second and | Twenty-third.
COMPETENT waitress wanted at 612 Kearny
street. • , . '
WANTED — Reliable woman" for general house-
. work, -washing, plain pieces, must be good
cook for two In family; wages $20. Call Fri-
day from 1 to 4, 1400 Golden Gate ave., cor-
ner Steiner st.
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit: steady
, work: highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co., .425 .Brannan st.
WANTED Immediately, women and girls "to
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
; paid. California Canneries Co.," 425;Bran-
- nan st. • -, ' ,
WANTED-^Women and girls to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at FON-
, TANA BRANCH. California Fruit Canners'
Association, corner Francisco and Taylor sts.
WANTED— Woman to do washing and house-
. cleaning two forenoons a week.- Address box
4539, Call offlce. . . . ¦
WANTED— Operators on pants: /good wages;
steady work. SELIG BROS., 108 Battery st.
.WANTED— Finishers on pants; good wages;
'.steady work. SELIG BROS., 108 Battery st
LADY: to assist" light housework: good home.
." Call after lp; m. 116 , Taylor st.
NEAT young girl to assist with baby. 1220A
Alabama -St.,-; near; Twenty-fourth; ; ..¦•¦>• '.
.WANTED— A good girl for cooking ¦ and gen-
eral housework: good wages. ~ Call 3601 Clay.
NEAT German glrlln bakery .'.103 Ninth st..
WOMEN and girls 'wanted to work on fruit;
¦ steady . work at good wages. : Apply at ; CUT-
;. . TING BRANCH, ' California" Fruit Canners';
.Association,', corner Seventh and Berry sts. • ¦';.;•
WANTED— Girl ¦ to - tend laundry office and
\ assist in , laundry; wages $4 per week. . ,114
:'i Hayes st. . \ ... '¦'.:¦ ¦."".•¦¦ ¦' . . . * -i. ¦ '*"?¦•¦", '¦'.*"¦'.."¦
WANTED— Experienced . salesladies. Apply, at
- HALE BROS.',, between 8 and 11 a. m. :..'
GIRLS, V men *" and v boys ¦ wanted. - -Apply- at
."-• American Can ".Co. .Ninth; and. Townsend sts.-
WANTED— Bright woman; -good.. talker; for
• first-class . position. .Box : 4524, ¦ Call 7 offlce. : ' ,
EXPERIENCED • operators \ on ". ladles'^ waists;
. gtfod pay..,S. F. * M. , Co.y ¦ 523 Market st. . i.K
WANTED-^Good girl -for housework; nice easy
j'--. place. 1008^ Market st;. room 4. » '„;¦¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; received at Call branch office,- 2200 Fillmore nw
A— NEW unbreakable plate, 'the Rose Pearl,'
¦ warranted for 20 years; "crowns,- $3 50;-fillIngs.
BOc; plates, $5; full aetVall work painless and
.warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. "6 Eddy'st.— Work : done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist/ third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. " Painless extraction,
. 50c. N.~ Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St.." cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st..: corner. Sixth. . ;
SET 'of teeth without platei DR. H. G.
YOUNG.' 1341 Polk st. :¦¦•:- ,
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handtes~aUJegl£
imate detective business; divorce cases . posi-
tively refused. . Emma. Spreckels building,
ronfns 323-324, San Francisco;. tel.' South 381.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
atttentlon, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
* EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading BuslnesTcoilege, 72TMarket^
J8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, . bookkeeping," arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College, Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher.of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tlcal bookkeeping, full course. $50 ;. catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory"
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who. per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
. Ing. practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-43. Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mlning.mech.sur-
vey, ass-ay, cyanide; day. eve. ; «>st. 1SS4. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton., nr. City Hall.
! ACTING, elocution, specialties; Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
I positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping find " the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
/ Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.. S. F~:
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
High School students— The WeeklyGeometry Pa-
; I pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
; PIANO and German: pupil of Leipsic Conserva-
! tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.
I ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or ev«. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, truitar
lessons. 50c: piano for practice. 3<» Fifth st.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electric-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electrij; Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EXCHANGE.
EXCH ANG E and "sales of flee? 321 Phelan bldg!tl
. Send particulars of anything you have for ex-
change, sale or want; registration free; genu-
ine oil lands, gold, conper mine*, ranches, etc.
I ' EMPLOY.MEXT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese h^ip^oT^li^lTindT;
cooks, waiters and house ' servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
I nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and i Japanese employment offlce —
Best help. 411% O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; ail kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8. '
EMPLOYMEKT WAXTED FEMALE.
A YOUNG lady wishes a situation in private
family, where she would be willing t£ work
for board and lodging providing she may' at-
tend the Normal School during the dav.
£07 Powell st. ¦'
LAUNDRESS wants work by the day; good on
lace and flannels or house and window clean-
ing: tl 50 per day; references. Address
Laundress, SCO Hayes st. ,
FIRST-CLASS German cook and helper want
places together in hotel, restaurant or board-
ing-house; best reference. 242 Natoma.". St.,
¦ basement. / '. ¦ . ' ¦ '•'<"¦
DRESSMAKER, good cutter and fitter," $1 50
per day; suits remodeled; quick worker. Box
4562, Call offlce.
AN excellent laundress and house-cleaner
wishes work by the day; postals answered 2
j days. 227 Minna st.
I MIDDLE-AGED woman wants housework;
• good cook; small wash: city or country. • Call
at 843 Franklin St., Oakland; phone Red 2433.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a place for
light housework. Address M. D., 1103' Powell.
POSITION as working housekeeper or cook -for I
men on ranch. Address box 4342, Call office.
POSITION for chamber work or take charge,
of rooming-house. Address box 4513, Call.
FIRST-CLASS chambermaid wants work at a
hotel or rooming-house. Call at 265% Harriet.'
GIRL wishes general housework; no objection
to Berkeley or Oakland; best references
given; wages $20 per month. Apply at 224
j ' Minna St., downstairs." near Third st. ¦
'GIRL, 16, would like a place to assist with
housework. Apply at 6S Serpentine . place,
above Douglass st. | . ¦- . • .
VISITING governess to young children; Eng-
1 llsh branches; music; experienced teacher.
I 413^ Oak st. . "". .
i WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. nr. Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
J6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receUed at Call branch office. 22C0 FlUmpr? st.
"employmext wasted— male.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener' and^general utility man; can
milk and understands His business thoroughly;
references. Box 4502, Call oflice.
POSITION wanted in wholesale , grocery, hard-
ware or commission house; handy man and
good salesman; steady and reliable. Addres3
', box 4541. Call offlce.
MIDDLE-AGED man, a Catholic, sober, and.
strictly honest, would take charge of room-
ing or small grocery, or may purchase; ref-
erence "given. - Box 3973, Call office.
WANTED— Position as. indoor servant or chore-
man in private family; references. ; C. P., 201
. Montgomery ave. '
BOY wants job in' or out of city; can give
good references; anywhere; leave word before
12 m. Box 4567, Call offlce. ...
} A RELIABLE man and wife wish to take
charge and do the work in a small place in
the country or stock ranch; good references.
Address T. D., 1519 Howard st. '
MARRIED couple, wife Al cook and house-
keeper; man good. waiter; handy with tools
and generally useful; country preferred. Box
4516, Call otflce. * : '
MIDDLE-AGED man wants position in private
family in the city or country; thoroughly un-i
¦ derstands horses and gardening. Address F.
"M.. Reno House, room 22, 631. Sacramento st..
A SOBER, industrious married man wants em-
ployment as porter, packer , or night watch-
man; 30 years in this city: good reference from
last employer. Address box 4554. Call. , . . .-
INDUSTRIOUS man of 26 wishes position; had
5 years' experience In heavy hardware, wagon
and car material. Address box 4557,, Call..
HANDY man, understands painting, whitening
and tinting, -wants steady employment. Ad-
dress box 4546, Call. ;- .;..--¦¦
YOUNG man experienced bicycle and automo-
bile wishes posltlpn. U. - SANDONA, - 639
Broadway^ '.-¦_'• * ' -¦¦•"¦ ».'¦•¦
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant ship-
ping clerk in wholesale house: has had experi-
ence. Address box -4552,,. Call office.. .
A FIRST-CLASS " barkeeper wishes position.
¦ Box 4E4S. Call, offlce. ¦ .. ; -,¦¦¦¦-.
FIRST-CLASS operator on coats ¦ wants situa-
tion. Apply 52U4 Howard st. ED STONE. .-¦'¦¦
A BRANCH offlce for. Call advertisements -ind
. subscriptions has been established . at f, -09S
• 'Valencia st. , . ¦'¦ --."... ' .¦ . -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.*
"*.--.; FEATHERS REXOVATBD.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.l333,Valencla;teI.Capp 2fS2.
FINANCIAL. *
. $30,000 WANTED on mining property in CallfoiC
nla; sale pending for a portion of It for $250,-
000; - good interest paid ; ¦; also bonus * on -• sale.
. Address or call on C. F. MOORE, 935 Market
?.:*t. w room 6. ¦ ¦ .-., v,.--. ' '¦•.¦'.•>¦.-;:'.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. 1 (inc.)— We
'have 42 offices in operation: new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies incor-
, porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
address main office," 507-8-9" Parrott bldg.
.' : *. ; ¦¦; HELP WANTEb^-MALE/ ;
A— MURRAY &" READY..:.". Phone Main 3S4S
...Leading Employment and Labor 'Agents...
. . . .'. . . .".'.'. Office Open 7 A. ? M. to-day ;...'.." r. . 7. '
.....;Santa Fe R. R.V ..."
................;....: Ukiah ,..:.;.:....
..............: Ukiah
...J....-...S. P. R. R. Co.'s Work ....'
Free..; :...-. We Ship-Daily... .;...:. ...Free
50 teamsters ."...., Ukiah...... "...:. Free fare
.60 laborers.. ......... ..Ukiah... .....'...Free fare
20 men, cut right-of-way, . Ukiah. .$2 25 day
150 laborers, all ; div Santa Fe. . . .'. .Free fare
150 laborers, -no experience, . S. P. R. R..C0/0
own v work, Los Angeles ¦ and ¦ Santa " Barbara
• Division;: wages on R..R. work, $1.75 to $- 2.1
day,; free fare. , v • . - '
,2 bridge: carpenters.* $1 fare r.$3 day
Band • sawyer, ' south .:.... .". : . . . . .$3 day
;.2 ranch carpenters," $1 50 fare. '.$52 and $40 &. fd
. ¦ Rough • carpenter, J2 day . and found, ' long
job; ccarpenter for, a mine, . $2 50 ¦ day; wood-
worker, country, shop,' $2 50 day; spool tender,
$45 and found; 3 blacksmiths and 2 .helpers.
5 miners " for a : new mine, north....y . ...'.$75
4 laborers -for. a mine, no -experience. ."....$60
25 laborers,-- new "work, for an electric power
company,- $2 25 day," long, job
5:men'to work in flour : mill, steady Job —
V...T .;...........:.....:: »2 50 day
- -6 laborers,. warehouse work, country.* 50 day
50 teamsters, new work, country.. $2-f2 25 day
6 laborers to handle freight....: $40 and found
,3 deck hands, $40 ; 5 drillers, $75 ; 6 laborers
to handle lumber.......... $3 and $4, day
¦WE PAY YOUR FARE— 10 laborers, no ex-
- perience required, to work In mills and yards,
¦ sawmill . company... ......... ....J26; fare paid
¦ B'woodsmen.. .:........".. .........ISO; :fare paid
FARMS, DAIRIES— MARRIED HELP.
Farmer and wife, : small orchard, easy Job,
$40 and fd.,: see boss here; farmer and . wife,
SCO; working foreman, small ranch............
5 men to work in harvest. 75c fare.. $40 & fd.
4 teamsters, same ranch; 5 men '-to work in
fruit and- dry yard, $30; 17, farm hands,
steady Jobs, $26 and $30; 4 choremen, : $25 and
$30; 6. milkers, $30 and $33. •
BUTCHERS AND HOTEL DEPT.
Butcher, near city, $25' to $30; cook, small
resort near city, $35, see bo?s here; board-
ing-house : cook, country,, $60; bus driver,
country hotel ; young man to " run electric
elevator, . $20; cook and wife, country hotel; .
cook, few men. on a ranch. Marin Co., $30;
3 bakers' helpers, $30, $25 and $20. MURRAY
6 READY 631-638- Clay st.
ANDREW STEIGER. cook, please call. MUR-
RAY & READY. 634-636 Clay Et.
A— 2 BOYS to distribute circulars. MURRAY
& RE AD Y. : 634-636 Clay st. ¦.
A— SPECIAL-^10 laborers, no experience re-
quired, for a large company; 40c fare $60
SPECIAL— TO WORK IN FRUITS. ETC.
10 men or strong boys to work on fruit farm,
no experience reouired; 50c fare
MURRAY & READY.. 634-636 Clay St.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. .'....V. 104 Geary st.
Railroad Work ..Railroad Work
FOR UKIAH -T
200 teamsters and laborers....' ..$2
I FOR NEVADA.
2G0 teamsters and laborers.- ..$2"
.. ..FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers : ; . . .Free fare
FOR BAKERSFIELD..
100 four-horse teamsters...... ..$2 25
E0 laborers, spikers, strappers, etc."....$2, $2 25
..: FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
100 headers and drillers....... $2 25, $2 30
100 muckers and laborers .'...."...$1 75, »2
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
50 laborers, section work -..$1 75
Free fare to all the above........ ....Ship dally
; ....For Great Northern R. R., Washington
200 laborers and teamsters : ..$2 a day
.........For Large Electrical Company.. — ...
200 iaborers. fare advanced ...$2 25
50 laborers for sawmills and woods, $26 to $30
and fare advanced; 20 lumber pliers, $3b; 4
blacksmiths,' country; $2 50 and $3 a day; band
sawyer, $3 a day; gang edgerman, $50; 2 farm-'
ers and wives,. $40 and $50; farmers, milkers,
choremerv and others...
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head laundryman, country hotel; meat and
pastry cook, country hotel.. $60; cook for grill,
hotel, south, $60 and" fare; second cook, north,
$18 a week; cook, country. hotel, $40; 3 waiters,.
\ country, $30 and $35; 20 dishwashers and kitch-
en hands. $25 and $30; large, strong man to
run dishwashing machine, country hotel, $30
and free fare; porter, country hotel. $25 and
fare ............... ; .
C. R. HANSEN & CO..... 101 Geary st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St., near Call bldg. Phone Bush 4C5.
Railroad men. . . '
Ukiah.
Cal. N, W. R. R., Ukiah.
i 200 teamsters. Ukiah. $2 per day
100 axmen and shovelers, Ukiah.... .$2 per day
; Free fare Free fare Free fare
Wanted, 100 shovelersat ....$2 25. per day
Large company's own work. We guarantee
j wcrk until snow files, the very best of board
¦ and fare advanced. -
50 laborers J45 per month and board
, 50 laborers......... ..$1 50 per day and board
[ Italian foreman and 50 laborers for large
. ranch to top : beets. , , ;
Can .washer, city ..:."... $43 per month
Pantryman, hotel, city.- .'..";. $30 and room
I 4 ITALIAN sandstone cutters, $3 day; stable-
j man, $60; chcreman, $25 and found; farmers.,
' $30 and found; milker, $30 and found; 2 men
• for wood and coal yards/ $2 and $2 25 day;
man for small dairy and wife to cook for
summer boarders, $30; farmer, end wife, $40;
teamsters and^laborers fcr mine. }2 dar, fare
advanced: -slumber pliers, deck hands and |
many, others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S
Sacramento st. '
COOK, private family hotel. $73: cook, small
country hotel, $40, fare advanced: cook, coun-
try, $10 week and found; cook, country bcard-
• Ing-house, $40; waiters for country, $30? pct-
washers, yard men, dishwashers and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st. \
S. F. EMPLOYMENT Of flee...... 639 Clay st
500 R. R. men ...:.; 300 tean>3ters
.-.. SANTA FE
! santa barbara ...../......
; ukiah ..,...:..
1 Free fare Shin to-day : Free fare
Construction work, ship to-day, fare advanced
200 laborers ." ...$2 25 a day
STRONG boy. 10 years, $20. S. F. Employment
; Office, 639 Clay st. \~; i -
i A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 2G Montgomery, rm 12
—2 waiters for country hotel. $30, half fare.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS, secretary;, telephone Jessie 1176.".
WANTED— Reliable ' carpenter, best references
wants position;- competent foreman; church
, work preferred. Box 4363. Call offlce.
WANTED— A bright. Intelligent boy, under -10;
• small __ salary to start; position permanent.
\ Addres box 3723. Call offlce.
RAPID and accurate stenographer and as^
¦ sistant ¦ bookkeeper for country engagement-
¦ state salary. - Box 3972. Call offlce. - •
A— STEADY man with $200 cash can make $73
a month. Apply at 203 Kearny st.,room 1. I
WANTED— An errand boy, about 16 years of
age, at. RAPHAEL'S.
100 QUARRYMEN wanted. Apply 232 Mont-
. gomery st. •
WANTED — Second cook: one who can cook
oysters; wages 130. ¦ 135 Powell st. - y
WAGONMAKER on body work. " LOWNEY
BROS.', 426 Ninth st. . . . •¦
WANTED— First-class packers. - Answer stat-
¦ Ing experience,. wages expected, box 4540. Call.
EXPERIENCED packer for wholesale grocer.
BOX-456S, Call office. ' " .
FIRST-CLASS 3-chair barber shop for sale.
- 2S Ellis : st. . ...
BOY age 14 to 16. 553& Market st. .
GOOD barber wanted, union. > Saturday and
Sunday; wages $3. 1344 Turk st.
OFFICE boy 'for wholesale liquor house; state
age and reference. Box 4561, Call offlce.
SMART boy to learn to cut. NEWBAUER
BROS.. 507 Market st. " . ¦. -'
$2 PER : day for 2 " or 3 good ' solicitors. . 09
Columbian building/'. .. •*. •-..
WANTED— Butcher; must be good meat cut-
. ter. . Apply 120 Ninth st.
STRONG boy • to work in » a baker shop. ¦ 612
Kearny st. ¦ ..,
WANTED— Chief cook. 810 Kearny- St.
BOY wanted; wait at table and do porter work.
. 37 Eddy st.
DISHWASHERS wanted; ?13 month. 182 First
street. ¦ j ; '.. *-, .,->¦- . •"
ERRAND boy wanted. -237 Powell st.
WAITER wanted at COFFEE JOHN' S.' . 613
Clay St.- " ; .,' ,.-. ¦• .--_•• .-•;¦- - ;
WANTED— A helper on bread. 1923 Fillmore
street. ¦ . , ' "
PORTER wanted In GOLDSTEN'S shop. 103
" Fourth st. .. - :..,¦'.
BARfiERS wanted for 10c shops; no students.
¦ Apply .Labor. Secretary, •¦ 131 Third st. •'':.-¦-;:
MAN; to^work around the J place." 1443 Harri-
¦;¦ son.ist.-.- --.'-- ..-. '¦ .•¦-.¦¦. .j j. ; - . ¦..- : -^. .»:?-
'WANTED— Cash boys 14 years of age and over.-
. Apply; at > HALE BROS, v .
WANTED— Young i man 16 to 18 years of age
;. Apply; at. HALE BROS. • . : - - \ .
COATMAKER \ for Apply '"REISS
jiBROS. &; CO..; 24; Sutter st. ,
S W ANTED— General blacksmith. Apply,' at 2145
¦-. Shattuck - ave.-,'; Berkeley. ; . -v. •: ¦
PHOTOGRAPHER with small capital to invest
*. as equal ; partner ¦; travel, -y Box ¦ 4560, v Call.'
WANTED^-Experlenced; grocery; clerk, s about 30
\ : . years ; ;unmarried; •" 'Apply 3893 .Twenty-fourth."
MEN. * girls -¦ and V boys ;, wanted."", "Apply- at
'AMERICAN CAN CO., 7th and Townsend sts.' KANSAS CITY, Aug. 1.— Vice President
Theodore RoosglveK spent an hour in Kan
sas City en route to Colorado Springs,
where he goes to address the State quarto
centennial celebration. A number of lo
cal politicians greeted him at the depot.
When a reporter mentioned the "1904
Roosevelt Club". . recently organized in
Kansas City, Roosevelt received the In
formation with a nod, but made no re
mark regarding It. {
division of plat 6, Kellersberger's map of
Rancho V. and D. Peralta, Oakland Township;
?io. • ' . ¦ - ' .
. Roosevelt Johnson to Abbie L v Flint (wife of
George B.), all . interest In lot on .NW line of
Chetwood street, 450, NE of Santa Rosa avenue,
NE 40 by NW 132, portion of block F, Stanford
Tract, Oakland; $10. * . " '
- Saia B. and Louis ¦Rothenberg to The Roth
enberg Company (corporation), lot 12, block D,
Rooney Tract. Berkeley; $10. ¦-•'¦
Same to same, lot on N.line of Allston street,
340 W of Oxford. W 60, N 132.50, E 20, S 5, E 30,
S 127.60 to beginning, lot 22. block B, Berkeley
property of Map No. 1, Berkeley; $10. - •
Henry : B- ' Patterson, to Annie . Patterson
(widow), ' lot on E line of Walnut street. 240 S
of Vine, S 60 by E 138:7, portion of block 6,
map of resubdlvislon of portion* of -plat 'of T.
M. Antisell's Map. of Villa Lots at Berkeley.
Berkeley; $3000. -
'Annie Patterson to Henry R. Patterson (son),
same, ; Berkeley; gift. •¦; • :¦ . •
Syndicate . Investment Company to ' Florence
W. Hueh (wife of V. G.), lot on E. corner of
Putnam and Tevis streets, NE 105 by SE 33:4,
portion of block 769, map Syndicate Investment
Company" b subdivision of blocks .751 to 754, 769
and 770, Levy and Lane Tract, Frultvale,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
Arthur J. and I Mary J. Stansfleld (by R: J.
McMullen and W. C. Moody, trustees) to State
Savings Bank.* lot 1, block D, map of Melrose
station Tract, - trustees' I deed, , Brooklyn Town
ship; $300. ;¦•-'¦¦'• . '• •-"•."'
{¦. H. P. . and Emma B. Moreal (by "same) to
same, lot on W line of Paru street, 40 S of
Buena -Vista - avenue, 8 36 by -W. 116. trustees'
deed, Alameda;. $1400. • -- • -•¦ ;-'-•
-" Hansford B; and Luna* P. Griffith ~ to Mary
H. Davis," lot on N line of San Antonio street,
200 E of , Walnut, E: 40 by N 100. portion lot -5
in W 14 of block I, map lands adjacent to En
cinal, Alameda; $10. ' • - ¦- - -~ ¦•'-¦-'
•¦ ¦ Estate of James , T. ; Quigley (by ¦ William ¦ J.
Quigley, . administrator) ¦ to Antonio Argenti,
lot 28, block 90. 1 Kellersberger's Map, Oakland ;
$2700. ' ; .v,. - ; ..,-¦;,•: ¦¦_.. -,¦,.•¦• . -: > ¦ v .
Eliza B. and Frank Dean (by W. S. Harlow,
commissioner) r . to • Kate Renshaw, -. 40 ; feet on'
Fourteenth ' avenue ' by ' 60 on - E = Twelfth street,
formerly Union ¦ place, being lots 28 : and 29,
block ; 56, , map : James -B. v Larue's addition to
towns of Clinton and San 'Antonio, East . Oak
land; $484. ¦.¦.-'¦•' ..'¦¦•-•'-'/ • • - , ¦.;.:.'
Anna - Stewart ! and ; John Stewart ¦ (by < Anna
Stewart, , attorney) to Alfred . Bouvier, lot on
NW line of Seminary avenue. 27 SW, of Orion
street. SW 81 by NW- 123.67. lots 25 to 27, -map
subdivision lots 56. 57, 65 and. 66, Kingsland
Tract.-.- Brooklyn :.Township ; ¦ $10. -V -« " ¦=: •¦--."• <
George . de - Latour .:¦ to < Alphonslne ~" Romef
(widow),; undivided H of loton S line of Cen
tral ' avenue.: 300 W; of - Walnut - street. - W. 100
by ? S > 150, : lots ¦ 1« : and 17 in ¦ E % of . block B,
lands adjacent to EncinaL Alameda: S10.
Roosevelt on the Way to Colorado.
OFFICER ARRESTS HIM
IN A CHURCH MEETING
Attorney Felkner of San Joss Is
Taken Into Custody at Santa
Cruz. • > "
SAN JOSE, Aug. l.-Attorney O. O.
Felkner, who yesterday was charged with
felony embezzlement by John Down, was
arrested at Santa Cruz this morning and
will be brought here to-morrow.' About
a .year aco Felkner borrowed 9580 from
Down and in return ! gave a promissory
note, with a mortgage for $675 held by his
wife, Eunice Felkner. against Arthur L.
Penniman. When Down wanted his money
he found that his security in the. shape
of the mortgage was worthless, as Mrs.
Felkner had collected it a few days after
he was given the papers. The mortgage
was satisfied on the record. Felkner when
arrested was attending the Christian
Church convention, of which church he
was formerly a minister.
Houses and Barn Destroyed.
SAN JOSE, Aug. 1.— Two houses and a
barn belonging to J. C. Alnsley at Camp
bell were destroyed by fire at an early
hour this morning. The origin of the flre
is not known. The houses were occupied
by J. Glendennlng and Mrs. Kenfleld.
Ten tons of hay were burned and two
horses perished. - The loss -is about $3000.
covered by insurance. • .- . -
Rush has been. married for two years
and says that nis mother-in-law has been
a visitor at his house during that periodr
He did not object to her running the' liv
ing rooms in the rear of .the -shop, Rush
says, but when she attempted to dictate
as to which patrons were deserving of
credit he considered ¦ it time to remon
strate. The woman is thereupon said to
have intimidated Rush with a cleaver.
Upon her departure from the shop Rush
adopted the idea of the cleaver and drew
the keen edge across his throat.
OMAHA, Aug. 1.— Enos Rush, a butcher,
is lying at the point of death in_ the rear
of his Clark street shop, having attempted
suicide with a cleaver. There is a deep
gash in his throat which he says he in
flicted on himself in the hope of securing
a respite from his mother-in-law. "This
world isn't big enough, for me -and that
woman," remarked Rush, "and I don't
believe I will see her in the next.'.' • •
Resents Interference by Cutting
• ' His Throat.
She Tries to Manage Business and Hs
BUTCHER TIRES OF LIFE •
: AND HIS MOTHER-IN-LAW
DENVER, Aug. 1.— The Pacific Wireless
Telephone and Telegraph Company and
the Continental "Wireless Telephone and
Telegraph, Company, incorporated in
South Dakota, are preparing to file their
articles of Incorporation with the Colo
rado Secretary of State, It being the in
tention of both. companies to make, their
headquarters in this city. Each company
is capitalized at $5,000,000. The officers of
both are: President. A. M. . Stevenson;
vice president and general manager, A. L.
New; secretary and treasurer; D. C.
Bailey. The Pacific Company .is to oper
ate in Colorado, Utah, Nevada. California,
New Mexico and Arizona and the Conti
nental in Wyoming. North Dakota, Mon
tana. Idaho, Oregon, "Washington and
Alaska. The Marconi and Doltor systems
o* wireless telegraph are to be used.. It
is understood that the first instrument
will be set up in Denver, with .the possi
bility of the second being located at Salt
Lake. Numerous stations will be estab
lished on the Pacific: Coast and In Alaska,
operations being carried on from San
Francisco.
Alaska.
on the Pacific Coast and in
PREPARING TO INSTALL
THE WIRELESS TELEGRAPH
Numerous Stations to Be Established
. Sara B. and Louis. Rothenberg to The Roth
enberg Company (corporation), lot on E line of
Filbert street. 71.64 8 of West Fourteenth, S
42.86 by E 100, portion 'of block S70. Oakland;
$10.- -.. ;¦..'::¦!' ¦ ¦ . ¦ J ¦ ¦ . ¦¦¦' ¦-¦¦-.
Same to tame, lot on E line of Filbert street.
114:6 S of West Fourteenth, • S 40. by S 125. por
tion of lot 20 in block 570, plan subdivision of
block 570, Oakland; $10.
Sa<ne to same, lot on W line of Madlsor.
street, 25 S Of Eighth." 8 26 by W. 100, portion
of block 82" Kellersberger's ' Map of Oakland,
Oakland; $10. - -¦ ; " * <¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ : ;•
Same to same, lot on S line of Landregan av
enue, .150 W of Sixth street, W- 100 by. S 107,
lots 4 . and j 6, i block 5, Landregarj Oak
land Township; $10. "' v ;-.
Allen D. and Amelia ' E. W^ilrfbn (Stevens)
and Olive E. - Lathrop V (Stevens) - to ? Wallace
Clark, all . interest in S corner ; lot 14, \ block R '
thence NW 79.80' to E line Chetwood street, :N
100 E3 150 Hhence NE to point 17 feet W from
SE line lot 14, E 17. SW 225 to beginning, por
tion of block K, Map . Oakland Heights. Oak
land; $10. •• - r : ''. - ''
• Mrs. • Celia M. ' Denlson • (widow) to Abble L. =
Flint, wife of George B, all interest in lot on
NW line of Chetwood ¦ etreet, 380 NE of Santa
Rosa- avenue. NE -20- by NW 132. i portion" of
block. F, Stanford Tract, Oakland; $10. .-¦. .,-.•,
--. Eliza A. Miller (widow) : to »Mary M. Treu
holtz lot on W line of West street, 140 N of
AMen ' avenue or Twenty-ninth street, ' N 28 by
-W 140, - ; portion of block B,' Map Whltcher and
Broclthurst 'Tract, Oakland ;.' $10. ' .< . .._-,
H Home; Security. Building / and Loan*Associa
tion to Edward C. " Robinson, lot on NE corner
of Peralta avenue and Oak street.' E r 150 by N .
102.60,- lots 8 and 17 of plat 17,' Map Lake -View.'
being subdivision plats 16 to 18/ Watson Tract,
East Oakland;. $10. —..-:¦ .;-..: '¦.-.._".-. . / -.-¦¦-•-
John, and Freda Meyer to George Sterling, lot
beginning 1630 W of San Pablo avenue and
S of P*rk avenue. N 125;by;W,106:6,.being sub-
Richard and Annie Tobin to S. H. Lough
borough, lot on S.llne of Vallejo etreet, 114:6
W of Buchanan. W 23:1^. S 117:8/ B ' :1H. S
20, E 2S, N 137:6; $10. " . . • -
Joseph C. and Anna . Campbell v to . Bernhard
Blumenthal, lot on SW corner of Broadway and
Buchlnan streets. S 34 by W 109:6; $10.
Auguste and Eleonore M. Ortion to Victorine
Baraty, lot on NW corner of Hayes and Web
ster streets W 25:5 by W 100; »10. '
Hlbernla Savings and Loan Society to Gustav
Behlendorff, lot on S line of Post street, 143:6%
W of Lyon, W 24:«. S 66, SE 24:11%, N 70:10»i;
$1500. -.
Matilda A. L. Whittle to Matilda K. Moore,
lot on SW line of Tenth street. 162:6 NW o£
Harrison. KW 25 by SW.163: gilt.'- - - ,<•-
Estate of Bernardlna Espel (by William
Dasmann and George Espel, executors) to Fred
C. Siebe, lot on W line of Howard street, .260
S of Seventeenth, S 25 by W 122:6; $4000. .
.Edward and Ignore Colllgan to John P. and
Anna Jansen, lot on E line of Bryant street,
60 S of Twenty-first. S 25 by E 75; $10.
Matilda A. L. Whittle to Matilda E. Moore,
lot on W line of Collingr.wood street, 149 M of
Nineteenth. N 50 by W 125; gift.
William or ¦'Willie. ;Annle -M. and Anna Os
terloh to Thomas Magee Jr., lot on SE corner
of Drumm and Commercial streets, E 75, S
57:8%. W to a point. N 28:1H. W 50. N 30: $10.
Milton H. and. Valerie J. Cook (his wife) and
Edith Cook (widow) to Catherine G. and Helen
G. Sheldon, lot on E line of Battery street,
29:10V6 S of Commercial, S 29:10% by E 70; $10.
Daniel E. and Nettie S. Easterbrook to Sam
uel \V. Rosenstock, ¦ lot on N line of Geary
street, 107:11 W of Kearny. W 60 by N 122:6;
no. . • ¦ • ¦ - ¦ •
Same to . same, lot on N line. Of Geary street,
168:6% \V of Kearny, E 7% inches, N 122:6, W
6% inches, S 122:6. quitclaim deed; $10.
W. A. L., Charles M.. Annie I*, and Alfred
H. Miller to same, same, quitclaim deed; $10.
Theodore Z. and Mattie S. Blakeman to
same, same, quitclaim deed; $10.
A. A. Sr. and Annie J. Moore to Bankers'
Investment Company (a corporation), Sawyer
lofin 50 vara lot 900, as in 1915 D. 162 (S Geary
30 E of Brooks, E 20:6, S 77:6. W 50:6. N 3. E
30, N 74:6 and strip of land called Brooks
street); $10. .
Florence Blythe Hlnckley Moore and Albert
A. Moore Jr. to same, lot on S line of Geary
street. 104:4% W of Kearny. S 38:2%. SE 52:9&.
SW 183:lVi, NW 28:3%. N 163:1%, E 30:3. S 74:6.
W 23:5%. S 3, E 43:11%. N 77:6. E 83:6'4. por
tion fractional 50 vara lots 898 to 900, and all in
terest in said 50 vara lots; $10.
Nellie-Wilson to Rose M.-V. Wilson, lot on
N line of Francisco street. 114:8 E of Stock
ton. E 22:10 by N 68:9; gift.
State of California (by Joseph H. Scott. Tax
Collector) (property assessed to Joseph Cuneo)
to J. H. Claiborne Jr., lot on N line of Wash
ington street, 125 W of Stockton, W 12:6 by
N 75; $300.
Matilda A. L.. "Whittle to Albert M. Whittle,
lot on S line of Howard street, 200 W of Fifth,
W 25 by S 80; gift. .
John H. and Theresa Brunings to Annie S.
D'Ancona (wife of A. D. D'Ancona), lot on
W line of Seventh avenue, 100 N of Lake street,
N 125 by W 114; $10. : • '. .
Max Cahen to Jacob Heyraan, lot on W line
of Thirty-second < avenue, 150 8 of J street,
S 25 by W 120, quitclaim "Heed; $1.
Rosalia Greenbaum to Joseph B. Coryell. , lot
on S corner of S street ana Fourth avenue,
SE 125. SW 100, SE 125, SW 100. NW 34:2, N
271:2, NE 35:10%, block 86. CN and H tract;
also lotion E' corner of S street and Fifth
avenue, SE 215:10, N 271:2, SW 164:1%, block
$6, same: $?0.
' Mary Mulloy to Charles Mulloy, lot 2, block
42, Sunnyslde; $10. '.••-•-• ;.T--; .. '
John and Mary O'Connor to Southern Pa
cific Company, lot on SW line of Fifteenth
avenue south, 87:6 NW of P street south, NW
37:6 by SW 92:6, block 305, O'N and H tract; $10.
Elizabeth M. and Letltla W. Hudson to same,
lot on N corner of Twenty-fourth avenue south
*and M street south. NE'200,:NW 500, SE 450;
South . San . Francisco, block '453, in Hudson
Orchard and Garden tract; also lot on W cor
ner of Twenty-fifth avenue south and M street
south, N W 75 by S W 200. block 482. South San
Francisco; also lot on SW line of Twenty
seventh avenue south, 150 SE of M street south,
SE 250. SW 135. NW 195, NW 70. NE 200, block
606. name; $10. V..\ •• ¦ . - . . .,. ;
Oscar Heyman' to Henry Lick/lot on E line
of • Manchester (Tehama),'- 75 S of Stoneman
(Norwich); 8 25 by E 80, Cheeseman's Map 1,
subdivision Preclta Valley, lands; $10. . r v.-v;,i
Alameda County. .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
About the only excitement visible- was
the unusual skurry of clerks, hurrying
about taking up open trades.
i The announcement of the above turn of
affairs caused scarcely a ripple in the
Board "of Trade markets. Corn eased
about %e, but soon regained the loss. The
wheat market was but slightly affected,
and oats followed tne course of the corn
market. - •
The company was Incorporated In November, -
1900, with a capital of $30,000. The business
grew so rapidly that in the spring of this year
the capital was increased to $230,000, and with,
that Increase came still an additional Increase
in business, so that the office ' force of the
company, was simply overwhelmed. We have
been doing the largest commission business of
any. house in the world, but. it had recently
come to the attention of the firm that the
records of the transactions were not being kept
in the proper shape for such deals. About a
week ago expect accountants were put to work
on the books. I have gone over the legal end
of the firm's affairs and have found it abso
lutely correct. The expert accountants found
that it would be absolutely necessary to make
a new set of books dating from January. 1,' 1900,
and checking every Item of the Immense busi
ness. The errors were apparently made with
out. partiality, credits being debited and vice
versa. But, up to 4 o'clock yesterday, after
a week's work and . after errors had been cor
rected up to that time, the books showed the
firm . to be absolutely solvent. On my advice
they cut off all old business at midnight last
night— the last day of " the month— and trans
ferred all their open trades ta McReynolds, and
every trade of. the house is protected, and every
trade made yesterday was made at a proflt.for
the customers. We are sending out a circular
asking all our customers to send us a state
ment of their claims against the company, so
that we may have them audited and use them
in. preparing a new set of books, with the ex
pectation that, unless something happens,
which does not seem probable, we shall take
care of every claim and proceed with the busl-.
ness as heretofore. The accountants, so far.
have, found no , -evidence of criminal irregular
ity., but simply mistakes, due to the Immense
amount of business handled with inadequate
facilities for caring theYefor.
i CHICAGO, Aug. L— The Board of Trade
and, business circles - generally.; were
startled , to-day by, the announcement that
the 1 George H. Phillips Company, which
became famous through ifa pool opera
tions ' in the Chicago corn pit during the
past year, had transferred all its open
trades to McReynolds & Co. It was at
first rumored that a large defalcation has
been discovered in' an examination of the
booKs, ¦ but this proved untrue, having
its Only foundation in the fact that one of
the head bookkeepers was confined to his
home by illness. ¦ . ' : -• '*¦ •
Lack of facilities" for the proper clerical
needs of the concern, which had acquired
an enormous commission trade, was, ac
cording to a statement: given out'by At
torney John S. Goodwin, who, as a repre
sentative of the law firm, of BlacK &
Goodwin, has taken charge of the com
pany's affairs, the sole reason for tem
porarily suspending business. The tangled
condition or the books became apparent
some time ago, when the Board ol Trade
directors ruled that the Phillips Company
should furnish to each member of the
May corn pool a detailed account of the
entire transaction. . A large force was
then put' to work on the books, and' In
their efforts to disentangle the multitudi
nous trades it became apparent that every
trade on the company's books since No
vember 1, 1900, would have to be checked
over, entailing an enormous amount of
work. As the firm's business kept In
creasing at a remarkable rate, the ma
chinery of the house was found inade
quate, and at midnight July 31 it was de
cided to simply transfer all trades and for
the time being throW the business of the
house into other ' hands until a complete
new; set of books shall have-been compiled.
Phillips, while regretting the necessity et
this action, said it was absolutely the only
course . open to him.
"This does not mean we are quitting
business," he said. < "On the contrary, we
shall execute all orders, but will have to
ask, that usual margins accompany, all or
ders until our books are checked over."
Following Is a statement given by At
torney Goodwin for Phillips:
Acting Governor Cooper resisted to the
last the calling of an extra session, and
the Legislature has sought to play even
by refusing to pass a bill appropriating
items inadvertently left, out of the reg
ular bills, as well as a bill to empower
the government to attempt raising money
upon old loan bills of the republic.
1 There are about a score of convicts un
der sentence of from life down to two
years liable to be discharged by the Cir
cuit Judge.
Attorney General Dole strongly resists
the action of Judge Gear. Emphatically
denied the right of . appeal and that of
having the- prisoners held in ball, he is
having recourse to a writ of mandamus
out of the Supreme Court to compel the
Circuit Judge to allow his decision to be
reviewed by the Territorial Supreme
Court. ' Judge Gear, on the other hand,
considers that .he has his back against
the rock of the United States Supreme
Court, and declares he will recognize no
superior mandate in this American Ter
ritory, unless property or contracts . are
involved.
An unverified report was received here
yesterday by a freight steamer from Ha
waji that the volcano of Kilauea was in
active eruption. - A • wireless query was
sent to Hilo, but no reply came last night.
The- report is believed to be true, as for
some weeks past, the crater has been rap
idly increasing in heat and giving sur
face indications of fire. ' •'
The only bill pending in the extended
special session of the Legislature ia one
to provide for the payment of some old
debts of the Territory. Originally intro
duced to appropriate $74,000, it was raised
by $20,000 or $30,000 in the Senate, one new
item being for 510.000 to pay any old claims
that might be lying around loose. The
House, after sulking for some days, has
got to the length of referring the Items
to a select committee, and if its report be
favorable the whole agony will be over
to-morrow. »
Judge Gear reserved his first decision
until the insular decisions of the United
States Supreme Court came to hand. With
Judge Gear it is not a question of whether
the constitution follows- the flag. • He
holds that the constitution arrived in Ha
waii before the flag.
In some of the cases affected the trial
courts had due notice given by the defend
ants that the Hawaiian custom of ma
jority verdicts and indictments by the
Judge would be contested.
! HONOLULU, July 26.— Judge Gear of
the First Circuit Court has rendered a se
ries of decisions in habeas corpus cases
that have started a rather extensive Jail
delivery. Thus far three prisoners have
beet sat at large vrho were serving sen
tences for burglary, felonious assault and
manslaughter. Four new petitions for
writs were filed yesterday.
In his latest judgment, Judge Gear inti
mates that he will release all prisoners
who were convicted by less than the unan
imous verdict of twelve jurors or tried
without having been regularly indicted af
ter the passage of the Newlands resolu
tion annexing the Islands to the United
States.
Attorney General Resists Ac
- tion of the First Oir
.;:-;V-: cuit Court.
Clfange Necessitated by the
Tangled Condition, of {-
, His Books.
Transfers All His Open
Trade; to Another
: • Chicago Firm. - .
Judge Gear of Honolulu
Releases Several ,
Prisoners.
CORN PIT KING
CALLS A HALT
OFFICIAL CLASH
OVER LAW POINT
THE SAN EBANCiSCO CALL, PRIDAt, AUGUST 2^ 1901.
11
CASMALIA Ranch Oil and Development Com-
; pany — Location and principal place' Of busi-
ness, San Franciscoi Cal.: location of works,
' Santa Barbara County. Cal. . Notice is hereby-
given that at a meeting of the board Of dl-'
rectors held on the 3Cth day of July, .1901.,
an assessment of four cents per share was
' levied upon the capital ¦• stock of ; the corpora-
tion, payable immediately to the secretary of
said corporation, at Its offlce, room 304 Claus
. Spreckels building, southwest corner of Third
and Market sts., San ¦> Francisco. - Cal. .Any
stock upon which thfs assessment "shall re-
main unpaid en the second day of September,
1801, will • be delinquent and advertised for
< sale at public auction, and unless payment is
.made will be sold on the 19th. day of Septem-
ber. 1S01, to pay the delinquent assessment.'
together with CostB of advertising < and ex-'
penses of sale. T. H. CURXlET. Secretary. :
Offlce, room- 304, Claus ; Spreckels building/
southwest corner Third and Market sts., San
Francisco." Cal. • "' •.-•¦---- -¦¦ -.. - --
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
The following marrlaee licenses were Issued
yesterd.ay: . . . '¦-'_¦ • ;
Henry L. Samson, 28, 1786 Sutter street, and
Hattie Gabriel.-- 20, 2044 O'Farrell street. : •.
John J. Connolly, 22, 90GM;" Mission street, and
Ethel Harris. 18. 905>4 Mission street.
Joseph C. ¦ Castner, -31. New Brunswick, N.
J.. and Ada A. White, 20, city. &' --
James T. Hamilton. 1 21. 389 Fell street, and
Bertha Moller," 20, Petaluma. .; -*C" ,
Earle E. Brooks. 21. Middletown, Cal., and
Sadie P. Fraser. • 22. Middletown. Cal.
Alfred Gr.lt. 25. 132 Clara street, and Anna
M. Kujala, 28. 1S2 Clara street.
John J. Moriarlty, 21, city, and Agnes L.
Noon, 21. city. / .*
John S. Crawford. 23, 158 Mission street, and
Ellen Kennedy", 24, 913 Church street. .
¦ James W. . Donnell. 36, Mazatlan, and Mary
C. Cavers, 29, Mazatlan. * • .
Thomas Downing, 40, Hanford, and Penelope
Manning. 18, 1354 Alabama, street. - O • '
Frederick R. Starr.? 34, city, and Stella H.
M. Zeirler. 30, city. • • '
Shotaro Takao, 39. 121 Haight street, and
Tuki Aokl. 27, 314 Eddy street. '
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
. . BORN.
CHOPE— In thl« city, June 12, 190* to the wife
of T. P. Chope. a daughters - ::
DONOVAN— In this city, July 30, 1901, to the
wife of George Donovan, a son.
HALL— In San Rafael. July 31, 1901, to the
wife of Bailey Hall, a son.
NATHAN— In this city, August 1, 1901, to the
wife of Herman Nathan, a daughter.
PERFETTO— In this city. July 29. 1901. to the
wife of Fred L. Perfetto. a son.
F.lrth. marrlace and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
¦ Dns authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRI&GES— DEATHS.
MARRIED.
FRANCHI— GITCHELL— In this city, July 23.
1901. by the Rev. John Stephens, Charles J.
Fianchl and Bertha May Gitchell, both of
San Francisco.
NUSSA— DUSENBERRY— In this city, - June
20. 1901, by the Rev. Father -McGough. Fred
Nussa and Josephine Dusenberry. both of
San Francisco. ' . ¦ • 1 .
PIJUSOXALS.
A— IF your Jipir !s fjiliir.g or you are bald, call
• >n DR. G. S. MOip.K. 32 OTarrell St.. and
V'U will not I*- disappointed: this remedy i«
ifiFitivc'.y ciarnr.tped; preparation sent to all
JFWtXtm cf the world; call r>r send for circular.
*:• X— SOLID oak bedroom set: plate mirror.
SI— Solid os.k chair: factory price.
SC— nnanif I bfds. a!I Fize*. Tel. Fo'.som IMS
t?psr<-y's Credit ¦ House. 1423 Mission, nr. 10th.
KLKCTKIC lUfht in every room— Winchester
Hntfl. <4 Thi'.-d St.. rear Market: TOO rooms:
I~.c to Jl ",0 por niplit: fl 50 to J* p*r week;
fre<> "bus and basc^'p'' to and from the ferry.
Jl WEEKLY— Suits to order from Renuine
Fei.tch. $13 up; line dress suits. t20 up; ele-
pant overcoat"?. J15 tip. LKON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. brtw«?cn Seventh and Eighth.
TITOrtOfGH musical training; piano lessons
u^c. For appointments address MISS M. M.
GALE. 1T19 Broadway. Alameda. Cal.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, slnple. tbree-quart»r
or ioublo. t2 13. EASTERN OrTFITTl^G
<X>.. 1S10-1T1J Stockton 5t.. near Broadway.
PRIVATE dotoetlve work: reasonable rates; 10
years' t-xperionce. 3. 15. RAY. S36 Mission st.
MARCEL V.AVE done at the new hairdressing
parlor*. i«l Ma eon ft. A. ZIRKEL.
AI-FHEDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores pray
hair to its natural eelor; 51: at air druggists.
ECPEBFIAXJOS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter^ct.
TAILOR made suits. $T 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing: Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD po'.d, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. .TEXKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes. j\!ay books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
SIX, seven arid eight rooms cottages; also two
flat houses in block between 17th. ISth. Castro
End Nee sts. : >4 cash, balance monthly pay-
ment?: Castro cr Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
SON. builder.
MODERN 9-room residence In Western Addi-
tion tor sale or to lease for a term of years,
on account of departure of owner. For partic-
ulars apply LANDRY C. BABIN. 413 Kearny.
FCR sale— Rinccn Hill cottage of 7 rooms; lot
2r,rS5; no reasonable offer refused. Box ST25,
Call office.
Jl?00— LOT with 2 cottages: perfect title; S33
Seventh st. Apply 60 Clipper, near ?6th.
REAL. ESTAT13 COLXTRV For Sale
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—
Pmail tracts. $G0 to ??0 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co. : future value assured, as
Ran Frar.cisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and peneral farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st., for pam-
phlets or informalion.
CHOICE farm bargains: call or send for list.
Wooster. Whitton i Montgomery. 634 Market.
POULTRY and <lai-v ranches for sale; write for
free H*t. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
ROSS VALLEY HEAL ESTATE.
LARGE and fmali houses for sale,' lease or
exchange; building lots and land by acre. J.
TCXSTEAD. San Anselmo. • *
MILL. VALLEY ROOMS TO LET.
FURNISHED rooms, S2 per week or $7 per
month. W. F. BAILEY, cor. Throckmorton
end Olive st , Mill Valley. •>-¦.:-.-
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
AL.VHEDA REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA and Fruitvale bargains for invest-
ors and houseseekers on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL BARGAIN.
One of the finest residences in the city; 13
, rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
r ' ished in oak. birdseye maple and Carolina
pine; highly decorated: lot 85x170 feet.
SPECIAL.
Two modern cottages, 5 rooms and bath;
near station; J15CC.
A. n. DENKE.
Webster-st. Station. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADYERT1SEMNTS.
RERKELEV REAL. ESTATE.
SSOO— OR $100 cash, baL $12 per month; four
rooms; rustic, barn: lot 4<)xl3G; well and
pump. W. C. MORAN & CO.
fi'iOO— flOO CASH, bal. $1S per month; SS -rooms
and basement; "fine' brick foundation; sewer
end vrater connected; will trade for a ranch
of equal* value. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$4000 — NEW S-room house, with every modern
f improvement; corner lot: 50x125; on 100-foot
street. W. C. MORAN & CO.
S2OOfr^€2M CASH, balance S20 per month:
cheaper than rent: one block to train and
cars; porcelain bath, tiled sink, stationary
tuhs: lire mantel and sideboard; tinted walls;
« large rooms: at Golden Gate, Lorln, Ashby
and North Berkeley. W. C. MOHAN & CO.
f.VjO— LOTS in the Wheeler Tract; 2nest view
In Berkeley, jurt north of the TJ. C. grounds;
eee th<» new houses going up In this tract. W.
C. MORAN & CO. -^
XX ACRE lots; will double inside of a. year.
W. C. MORAN & CO..
Lorin Station and Schmidt Block. Berkeley.
?CEW 7-rocm 2-story house, porcelain bath.
P mantel, tiled sink, gas and electric lights;
all modern and up to date: lot 50x100; 2 blocks
from station and one-half block to electric
cars: price J20W; 5300 cash; balance monthly.
J. R. PERKINS. Lorin station. Berkeley.
BERKELEY ROOM?.
ICEAR CARS— Two nice, sunny suites of fur-
nished rooms for liirtit housekeeping or will
rent rooms with board; terms reasonable. Call
j.-'17S4 Delaware Ft., near Grant. Berkeley?
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
12500— $100 DOWN, balance monthly; brand new
home of € fine large sunny rooms, with por-
celain 'bath and sink; elevated lot; 40x150 feet
<note the siz-i; near Grove St.; street work
all done; a pretty, cozy home at a sacrifice.
GEO. \V. AUSTIN & CO..
" Broadway. Oakland.
FOR BALI2— At a sacrifice: a lovely cottage of
S rooms and bath; large barn, chicken houses
and fruit trees; close to electric cars and
schoolhouse; lot 5^x173; all in the beet of con-
dition. F. W, STEPHENS, 5970 Colby St..
Oakland. » .,-., .
tllSO— GROCERY doing good business; horse.
delivery wagon, etc.; fine corner;. bargain for
some one; investigate. ALDEN CO., 1118
Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAXD^FTRXITtRl!: FOR SALE.
AJs' introduction to you from H. SchellhaasTthe
furniture dealer, llth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BROADWAY, 410-412— The most clegantlyfurl
nished sunny rms. in locality; elngle & hkpg;
rents reasonable; first-class attention.
CASTRO. 429. nr. 17th— 2 housekeeping rooms,
furnished complete; private entrance; cheap.
, EDDT, S33 — ( unfurnished sunny rooms; pri-
\ vat.e residence; no children; fine location.
' EDDT. 939 — Unfurnished handsome double par-
lors, hall room, kitchen: no children.
!KLL1S, 1127—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms;
complete for housekeeping. ' .
GOLDEN GATK ave.. 40S — 4 rooms on parlor;
complete; also large alcove and kitchen.
HOWARD. 761 '.4— Nicely furnished bay-window
room with kitchen; others; reasonable.
HOWARD. 1C63— 2 connecting Bunny bay-win-
dow hskpg. rooms; electric lights; others.
HYDE. 40S— Sunny front basement suite; fur-
nished cr unfurnished; al»o furnished sunny
suite; f!6.
JESSIE, 812. off Ninth — 3 unfurnished rooms
cheap.
LACUNA. 9C2— 3 sunny furnished front rooms,
each suitable for 2; 2 housekeeping cheap.
MARTHA place. 3. oflf Geary, between Mason
and Taylor— 2 housekeeping rooms; every
convenience; bath.
MCALLISTER. 2000. cor. Central ave.— 2 sunny
rms., furnished for ljoueeke»»p:iu;; fink; 110.
OAK. 119— Large tunny front room; furnished ;
housekeeping: stove; closet; |10; basement
room ; yard ; $C.
POLK. 1002— 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; $15 up; reference.
TEHAMA, E27%— 2 or 3 nice housekeeping
rooms; hot ar.d cold water; kitchen complete.
TURK, 123—2 largo sunny rooms, furnished
well; large yard; $15. - .
TITRK. £25 — Chicago style; fine new two and
three room suites for housekeeping; unfur.
and fur.; elr-c. light?; hot water; janitor.
VALENCIA. 1222-2 sunny rooms, furnished for
_ light housckpg: reasonable: gas; bathtubs.
"Va BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptions has been established at 103S
Valencia n.
CALffORBU H0RTH1ESTEBS EL CCl
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAU-WAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Perry. Foot of Markets*
San FroKl«o to 8an Rafa«l.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
J-30 5:10, 8:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra triy
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:SO p. m. _ .
SUNDAYS— 8:C0, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. J:».
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
' San Rai'ae! to San Francisco.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1:35
and 6:35 p. im.
SUNDAYS.. 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m. _
- Laave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. fAprll 28. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. | days, f Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:C0am ' Nova to. 10:45 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. C:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton, ""*
7:20 am Windsor. 10:25 am
B:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Clo-rerdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pn>
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am| and TJklah. I 7:3a pm| 6:20 pra
7-30 am . 1° :4 ° a™ 10:23 am
8:00 am GuerneTille. 7:35 pm
8:30 pm 5:00 pro 6:2 ° P m
7:30 am 8UK) am Sonoma 9:15 am} 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen EUen. 6:05 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:2S am
8:30 pm| 5:00 pml Sebastopol. I 7:3o pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Roea for Mark West
SDtines and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
; Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdals
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs ' Highland' Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Spring*. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
SDrlnxs: at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs! Upper Lake. Pomo. * Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Llerley'*, BucknelPs.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. West-
port Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen' s. Dyer. Scotia
Saturday, to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. •
On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlce, 650 Market street. Chronlcl* '
Building.
H. C WHlTiyq. H. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A«t.
-_— — — _^~—
RAILWAY .TRAVEL.
BERROTT— In Oakland, July 31,^ 1901, George
Berrott, beloved husband of Celia Berrott, a
native of Wurtemberg, Germany, aged 74
years. (Arizona papers please copy.) •
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Friday), at 2- o'clock, at 1380
Eighteenth street, corner of Cypress street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery.
BUCKLEY— In this city, July 31," 1901, Mary,
beloved wlf-3 of Patrick Buckley, mother Of
May Frances Buckley, sister of John and
Patrick Kelleher, Mrs. Bilyen, the late Don-
ald Kelleher and the late Mrs. Richard Ash,
and niece of John Lyons, 'a native of Bally-
vaurney. County Cork, Ireland, aged 33 years. -
ICTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the parlors of
J C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CURRY— In the City and County Hospital.
July 31. 1901. Mary Curry, a native of Ire-
land,' ased 74 years.
DERBY— In this city. August 1. 1301. EHza-
' beth, infant daughter of John J. and Eliza-
beth Derby, a native of San Francisco, aged
3 months. . ¦ . ,
FENCHEL— In this city, July 31, 1901. Gret-
chen Fenchel. beloved wife of Conrad Fen-
ehel, mother of Arthur, Henry and Walter
Fenchel. daughter of Mrs. Margareth Grleb,
and sister of Mre. L. Klahm, Mr«. ,K. Enge.
Henry Grleb. Mrs. M. Peck and Mrs. L.
Habelt, a native of Hessen. Germany, aged
34 years 6 months and 22 days. - . ...
(ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 •o' clock, from St. John's Evan-
¦ nelical Church. Mason street, between Jack-
son and Pacific. 'Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
FISCHER— In this city, July 31. 1901. Emma,
beloved wife of Frank Fischer, a native of
Germany, aged 48 years 1 month and 5 days.
[C?"Remains at the parlors of H. F. Buhr
& Co.. 1137 Mission street. Interment at
Sacramento, Cal.
HAUSER— In this city, July 31, 1901, Annie
M.. beloved daughter of George and Kath-
'erlne Hauser, and sister of Mrs. • C. Young,
Mrs. H. Hunken and George. Henry and
William Hauser and the late Mrs. Kate
Gauch, a • native of San Francisco, aged 28
year3 11 months and 15 days.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral . to-day
(Friday), at 1:3a, o'clock, from the residence
of her narents, 1406 Railroad avenue, near
Sixteenth avenue. South San Francisco. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery. •
JOYCE— In this city, July 31, 1901, Thomas,
beloved husband of Mary Joyce, father, of
Patrick. Stephen and Michael Joyce, Mrs.
John McDonald and the late Maiy A. Cal-
laghan, and brother-in-law of Mrs. Barbra
Burns, a native *of Clifton, County Oalway,
Irelrrd,' aged' 63 years. - - ¦
(C7"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Fridey), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 148 Clara street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
KENNA— In this city, July 31, 1901, John, be-
' loved husband of Bridget Kenna, father of
Frank Kenna, brother of Patrick and Frank
Kenna and Mrs. Bridget McMurray, and
uncle of John, Katie. Margaret, -James, Pat-
rick, Annie and Nellie McMurray, a native
of County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged . 66 years.
(New York papers please copy.)
(PTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the ¦ funeral I to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 27 Brady street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
KRAGEN— In this city, August 1, 190L Ber-
tha, beloved wife of Samuel Kragen, and
mother of Louis, Mones, Marcus, Simon,
Ephraim, Joseph and Esther Kragen, Mrs.
M. Garren and Mrs. S. W. Laeky, a native
' of Hamburg, Germany, aged 69 yeajs and 19
days. '"it; ' •'.
LARSENEUR— In this city. July 31, 1901.
Charles T. Larseneur, a native of Brooklyn,
N. Y., aged 48 years. A member of the The-
atrical Stage Employes. Local No. 16. :
ITyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
DIED.
Berrott. George Letson. William E. .
Buckley, Mary Londerman, Amanda
Curry, Mary Maguire, Catherine
Derby. Elirabeth Marx. Ferdinand F.
Fenchel, Gretchen Nicolai. Olga
Fischer. Emma Olsen, Anton
Hauser, Annie M. Quirk, Mary A.
Joyce, Thomas Schiff. Elizabeth
Kenna, John - Sparrow, Joseph ".
Kragen, Bertha - Wagner, Roaalla
Larseneur, Chas. T. Warden, Christie E.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) :
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. '-
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
-. 'Telephone South 80.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
Mt. Olivet Oemeter-y,
San Mateo County. .
OFFICE 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
KOO31S TO LET — Fnrn. and.tnfnrn.'
AHLHOHX HOTEL. 321 ' Grant ave.— Beet *1 a i
fiay family hotel in. city: polite attendance;
larffe rooms, tCc up; meals,. 25c: free! coach. .
A^BRUNSAVICK HOUSE,' US Sixth— Rooms,
i 2Dc to a per night; tl 25 to $5 per week, and
! light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .
ARGYLE. 231 McAllister— Ntw, ' elegant, sunny;
grill attached : country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAHIster-st. cars.
AT Shasta Iiouse. 248 Third— 200 rooms, newly
. renovated: 25c to %l night; phone Black 4915.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly
. furnished & renovated rms., EOc up:' elevator;
electric' lights In every rooin; return call bells;
first -class; central; quiet; Tgcntlemen' only.
BIRCH ave., 12— A. nicely furnished front room
for one or two gentlemen; bath. * ¦
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nlshed rm?., suites, single'; a so unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY. 210— Elegant parlor floor suitable for
doctor; also single and double rooms. ,¦
ELLIS. C39. corner- Larkin— Sunny furnished
room, folding bed; small room cheap. - .
] FOLSOM. S20. near Fourth— Furnished rooms,
Jl rer week. ' . - . -
FOURTH, " 225-^Nlce front room; also single
rooms.
GEARY. 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and singie; travelers accommodated.
HOTEL ST. DENI& (European plan), 24 Turk
ft., near Market— Central location; new ¦build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly flrst-clajs;
50c per day and upward: special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
KEARNY, 34, and 47 Post— Offices or sunny
furnished rooms; en suite or single. - •¦
LEAVENWORTH, 1551— Two large rooms; hot
and cold water: large yard. "' . »
MARKET. 1013 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up. ¦
MARKET. 1025 — Front suite; suitable for me-
dium or magnetic healer. ,
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newiy
furnished: private; bath: single rooms {10 up.
I NEAT furnished front room with gas, hot and
i cold-water: large closet; grate; suitable for
two. S13 McAllister 6t.
NEWLY and elegantly furnished rooms In
gore building, cor. Market and - Van Ness
ave.; gentlemen preferred; references. ;•/-;'.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week. mo.
POLK. 1S1L near Jackson — 3 unfurnished
rooiras.
POWELL, 50S— 2 sunny unfurnished rooms In
basement; kitchen; private family; refs.; $15.
ROYAL House, 12G Ellis— Incandescent light;,
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 25c to $1 E0; week, $2 to
5S; month. $S to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms ?'i*h hot and cold water: baths. _•
SCOTT. 1219, neac Ellis— 2 large unfurnished
sunny rooms. t
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SHOTWELL. 121— Sunny furnished front room;
bath, clcset: ?3S0 per month.
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
Einelerms. ; run. water; baths; phone; cheap.
THE CECILENE, 930 Van Ness ave.
¦ Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all sunny rooms: references.
TURK. 543 — Sunny room on parlor floor: run-
ning water, gas and bath; 52 25 per week.
¦WELLINGTON. 73 3d— Nicely furnished rooms:
modern Improvements; rooms $1 M week up.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
eubscriptlons has been established at 10S6
Valencia st.
ROOMjS AXD BOARD. K'j*':<
UNRIVALED furnished rooms; best corner in
Oakland; unsurpassed family table, 25c per
meal; $4 per week: every accommodation and
' attention. 1103% Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland.
ALMORA, Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management; modern; sunny rooms; ta-
ble board; unexcelled. TeL Church 1181.
HAIGHT, 326— Large double parlors.- two man-
tels, newly furnished; best private table
board; other rooms.
SUNNY front room, en suite or single, with
board, bath and every convenience; reason-
able. £24 Golden Gate ave.
CALIFORNIA. 807— Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel exceptional table attractive rms.
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table;, special rates to tourists.
THE Crocker, 915 _ Leavenworth — Fine . aunny
rooms.slngle and en suite; beautiful grounds.
Van Ness ave., "12— Alcove & bay-window rms. ;
sun all day; running water; choice table.
ROOMS WASTED.
GENTLEMAN desires sunny room.; running
water: private family; about $7. Box 4568,
Call.
SPECIAL A'OTICES.
CATARRH positively cured with Chicago Medl-
cator; trial free; send for circular. 935 Market
ft., room 8. . «
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 41S Montgomery St., rooms 9-10. tel. s5S0.
DISEASES and aliments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWIXG MACHINES A\D SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, eold. rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. TeL Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates: phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^RUDOLPiT ' S ; toragTand MovTmTcoT
offlce Post and Powell sts.; teL Main 5711
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.; tel. Howard 941. F. \V. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 281.
TYPEWRITERS AXD .SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITEJls£\Ve
sell better machines for less money than any
iiouse in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 536 California; telephone Main "Ofi.
KENT a new Franklin typewriter for {1 week
and have your work in sight. CUTU'EU
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4SS5.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. $60: anti-trust:
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DIVIDEND NOTICES^
DIVIDEND notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con.— A dividend. No. 32, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
stock of the company has been declared pay-
able at the office of the company, 435 Cali-
fornia St., San Francisco, on August 10, 1901.
Transfer books close August 3, 1901, at noon.
A. A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Quartermaster's supplies. De-
pot Quartermaster's offlce, 36 New Montgom-
ery Et., San Francisco, Cal., July 30.. 1901—
Sealed proposals, in duplicate, will be re-
ceived at this offlce until 10 o'clock a. rn..
Saturday, August 10. 1901, Pacific Standard
Time, and then opened, for furnish ins black-
smiths' aprons, bellows, beeswax, carbolln-
eum, cement, gasoline, glue, leather, neatsfoot
oil and chamois skins. Early deliveries are
essential. Preference will be given to arti-
cles of domestic production and manufacture,
conditions of price and quality . being equal
(Including in the price of . foreign production
and manufacture the duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Amer-
ican production and manufacture produced on
tlje Pacific Coast, to the extent of th« con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The .United States reserves the right .to ac-
cept or reiect any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information and blanks for proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
containing proposals will be indorsed "Pro-
posals No. 6654," and addressed to Major OS-
CAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. A.. De-
pot Quartermaster. J
OFFICE of the C. Q. M., Vancouver Barracks,
Wash.. July 30, 1901.— Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., August 13, 1901, for furnishing and de-
livery at Fort Walla Walla, Wash., 126 Stand-
ard Artillery Horses. Delivery to commence
within three weeks after award of contract
and to be completed within 60 days thereafter.
Preference riven to animals of domestic pro-
duction, conditions of quality and price being
equal. U. S. reserves the right to reject any
or aJl.btds or any part thereof. For further
information eee circular to bidders or apply
to this office. Envelopes containing proposals '
should be marked: "Proposals for Artillery
Horses," and addressed to the undersigned
J. W: JACOBS. C. Q. M. • ""Sneu.
OFFICE of ' C. Q. M.. Vancouver Barracks
Wash.. July 6, 1901— Sealed proposals, in trip-
licate,' will be received here until 11 o'clock
a. m., August C, 1801, and then opened, for
., furnishing fcrage and bedding at the sev-
eral military posts In this department, and at
camp at Skagruay. Alaska, and Fort Llscum
(Port Valdez), Alaska, for fiscal year ending
June 30, 1902. Information furnished here or by
quartermasters at posts. United States
; reserves right to reject or accept any or . all
proposals or any part theeof. Envelopes con-
taining proposals should be marked:- "Pro-
posals for Forage and Bedding at "'and
addressed to the undersigned. ' J. "WV JA-
COBS. C. Q. M.
McAVOY* CO.., I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
1239 Market St.. between Sth and 9th. I
. Telephone South 247. ' '..'. .. |
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto F«rrv.
Commencing April 28. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLKT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS-e.ao. 8:30, »9:3O. 11:00 a, m..
11:45, •1:45. 3:15, 4:13, 6:15, 6:45 p. m. ¦ -
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00 8:00. *9:00. *10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m. 12:43 »l:30, 8:30. «3:43. 5:00. 6:00. 7:39
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. ¦
Trains marked <•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— »5:25, 6:27, 7:47. 8:33. 10:15
a m. •12:25. 1:15. 2:20, *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
" EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at «:45 and 10:00 p. m. - -.
SUNDAYS— «:15. •8:00. 9:45. «11:00 a. m.. 13
mf, 1:00. 2:13. »3:30. 4:30. «5:43. «:45. 7:30, 10»W
P T™ains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRAXCISCA
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 8:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:«
a- m- 12:35, 1:45. 2:45. S:50 5:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. -
SUNDAYS^«:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 13:1J
1-20 2-30: J:45. 6:00. 8:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
r™' !lWf THROUGH TRAIN8.
8:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way ata-
I?W p. in. Saturdays— Cazadero and way ita-
6^' p. m. week days (Saturdays e«epted>—
Tomalea and way stations.
• 8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
-10 a. m- Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. ,
JAMBS McGINN,;
Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st, bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676."
17 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167.
FUNEB&Ii DIRECT0H3 AND EMBALMESB.
Flne6t ' Equipment at Moderate Rates. .*
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
. I Local ILlm'dlOrrrdl Local
-- • I Dally | » I Pally I Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a I 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
AK Btockion. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a J:Up.
" Fresno.:.. 3:05 p 2:35 p S:05 a 10:50 p
¦•Hanford.. 3:12p 3:27 p 7:0« a .'
'• Vlsalia... J:40p 4f4Sa ......'..:
" Bkrsfleld. «:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a ........
•• Kan City ........ 1:40 a 7:30 a ....
"Chicago..! »:15 p 9:00 p
a for mornlna". • p for afternoon. •
•9:00' a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving: Monday and Thursday only,
carryinR Palace Sleeping: Cars ¦ and Dlntna;
Cars through to: Chicago. Chair Car. runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets honored. on this train. Correspond-
ing: train arrives at 6:55 p. in. Tuesday and
Friday. . - - / - :
¦- 4 :20 p." m. Is Stockton and Fresno , local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily. - .. .
¦•8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
¦ through . Palace - and Tourist ' Sleepers ; and
Free ReclininK Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts ¦ out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 1:55 p. m.
daily.* - •¦ ¦• - - - •
•-¦ 7:20 a. rn. is Bakersfleld Local.' stopping at
' all points In San Joaquin Valley. . Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
'¦ • Of flcea^641 '¦ Market street and In ' Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
lnnd. ¦'--¦¦ . '¦..¦.•¦-;.-":-..:v> ; .. v.;-..'
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEARXY ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Xont Manhood. Debility or
dispase wearlnsnn body anil minrt and
Slcln Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fall. J-Try hlm.'j Charges low.
Cnrrt arnamnterd. Call or writft
l>r. 4. JT. tilBBOK . ttaoi rrauciaco, CaX _
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via SaataUw ferry— foa* «f atarkst St.
UMIMMruN. . amiivi aaN rwaih
?3S^ ¦"«• )..... WBEK DAYS..... J
8£0A.u.i fI2-.15p.it
9flOA.SC I . 1:1* P.M.
li o^l^:h-- WOTATO :• 5S;:S
lddr.M. S«> r. u,
230 P. M.J I 7:10 r.M.
¦ ran. aaarrMatnatatnamitaHBatvo, f 1.49
' Ttefctt Offices. 621 Market St.. & SaqsaHto Perry,
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows* Cemetery Association-
Point L.OD38 ave., ¦>. P.. Cal. ;y ,. .'
The ordinance • prohlbltlna; ; burials ' In ' San
Francisco after the first day of August. 19JU
does not refer, to CREMATION. . Neither, does
It affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less harmful -to .the living . than the
ashes of their dead. - ' -" ' • '
¦Permits- to cremate will be Issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore.
GEORGE R. FLETCHER.' Manager. .
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains !•»»*• nml urn «tn» •• i%rrl»« »»
NAN KIUJ(i:iM'O.
(M»in Une. Foot of Market Street)
mn — Fkom Jplt II. 1901. — Am»™
1:O«a Benicia, Sulsuu, Elmir* and Sacra-
meuto.. 6-*-ip
~iOOa V»o»»Ule. Tri.tAi. Ramiey 7:33jf
< s3«» * M artinex, M»u tea muu. V alleju. N*|i».
«Jat!sti'ga»ii<l Santa ltou «:25p
8:O«a D*Tis, WnoUlariU. Kuis&tn Laadine,
M>ry*Tlll«. Orntilia 7:3-1?
' S:O«* AMautiu I'.iyres*— Ogdeu aud East 1*:«3p
»:<>ua Kl'.es, L»thr->p, Stockton ?:2>sr
s:UOa Nile*. Mendota. Uanford. VisaUa.
Portirtiile. 4iSir
8:S»A ShMta Eipresa— Umtta, Williams (for v
Bartlett Springs), Willows. Ked
Bluff. Portland. 7:33*
*»»•>« Ban ¦ .Hum. Lltcrnxne. HtoelaioM.
lone, Hacranientn. Plaecrrllle,
Mnrymllle, c'hico, Ue>I Hlnir 4>33r
»t20A Oakdale, Chlness (Yoscmita). Ho-
nor*. Carton 4:23p
»tot»* BityvrarJ. fiilnaod Wuj SUtlous.. 1 l:.1-"»\
IiVOi Vallejo Ias23p
MsOUaXqh Aajeles Espreaa — Maitinnx, / . '-
. l*ricj. LaVlirop. riiocktoo, Moiccd
Fnmg a :id Los Acselea 7i2.*>y
•:3«a Valli-]n, Martiimz amt VV ay SUtlojia 7:3Sr
IO:»Oa The OtorUiul Uini ted— Ogdou. Den-
ier, O.umha. Chica«» 0i.13i>
tl:t»Or SaoramrntJ. Kltnr .Voii.if M |.1iOUa
8>30MU}«ard. »II-i and Way HUttons.. 7:33?
*i««»r Uenlc!*. Winters, Haorameiilo.
Wnuilland, Kuitfhta l.autliui.
MuryaTllle. Oruiills I»:33a J
«i«Op Martinet, Han lUinon. Vallejo,
N:H>a. OalUtoin. Hi.nt* ICom *>>S3a
<:OOp Nlles, UTermors. Stockton. Lo<H... IS.aSp
<"«<»!¦ II«jw»rd. Mies. . sau .lime, LiTtrmora »!*:•"»."»*
«::n>p Pott Uos a. Tracy. Lathrop, buickton 1»»23a
3:U(»pl>liu Owl Uiolted— Vteaun, TubUM,
lUkersQoM, Hmngua for Santa Uat-
bara, Los Aimele* 8:33 i
3:oop Martiiif z, Antloch, Stockton, M«r-
_' ced.Frcsno ; 12:2.1p
5:0«p YoBcmite 1S»33»
ft»3»r New < Orleans Express— Mendota,
x i'tec-.o, B»kersaeid. Los Angeles,
I><mbf. Ei taao, Kew Orld&ns
and K.st 7>*13«
fltAOr Raynard. flUesaud Sau Jose 7i3.Vt
tS:OOrValle]« 11:334
«iO»r Oriental Mall-OKden, Cbcjenne.
Omaha, Chicago 13:23?
• lOOp Oriental Mall— Ogd«o. Denver.
8t LouU. Clilc*st> «»«3»
7lOOr Ora K »n aud California l£x|<reM,Hao-
- . ¦- '- inineiitii, Maoadlla. KviIiIIiik,
1'ortUii.l. ftiget Hoiii.i1 and Kaat S:33a
•lOSrSan Pablo. Pott i.'oaU. Mutiaes
»".! Way atatlous.....!. IIiSSa
tg:O3p Vallrjo ?;.V>f
. COAST LINE O'iirrow Uaa K e}.
-¦ (Foot «it Market Streel.) . --r i -J
' 1~»43a Santa Omz Exenraion to riaata. Cruz
aud Principal Way Stations J«sO5*
•tl3* New»rk,O«uit<;rttlle,.Sau.Io8e, Kolton,
Itouldof Crrek.&aiiU Crux and Way
1 SUUoi.s 3i3»»
I t*<IBr Newark, Ceutervllle. San Joae, N«w
! Alma<l«D. Felton. Ronltlar tjraek.
SaiiU Cruz and l'rinelpal Way
Stiitloim ¦ IwtdwA
4sl3r Newark. Han Jose. Txm Gatoa t^:»»4
««ii3rOlanwood.BoolderCreek, 8anUCms jS:3i>a
i OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rron SAJ raiSCISCO— ?mi ol Xtrktt Street (Slip 3)— -
17:15 9:00 11:001.11. 1:53 3:03 3:13c".
rr.ro OlIU Kfi— Fitl •> »M«(iw.j.— t«:0O ta.OO t3:0S
, 10:Q0 a.m. ' 12:30 8:03 1:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (Bro.rf (Jan K e),
(Ihinl and Townsamt Sts.)
6>l«>* San Jom and Way Htatlon*.. ........ »»:t<>A
'17:«OA Kan Jose anil Way .Stutiuns Itawp
/ViOoa New Almartfcii.. / «:1O»
J7ta«* Sunday Excursion for San Jcie.
Santa Cru/s. PieUo Grora and
Prladpal Way Stations tS:30j
MtiKui Jun. HoUUter, HmtU Crux.
Pxctiie «lrot«. aalints, Han Lcli
Obiapo, Santa Barbara. an<l Prin-
dpa! iutarmadUte .Stations 7>»ry
1«iSOa Baa Jcse and Way Stations. 6:30r
lltSOA Hau Joaeaml Way MUtli»ia 3i:itlf
t2: «•¦>* Sau Matoo. ltedwoo.1. A! nlo Park,
Palo Alto. .Santa Clara. H»» Jotm.
HoUUter, Santa r-rux. Salloas,
Monterey ami l'*oilic On.T- 1 10:43*
StSOr San J<wr. Trea Pines. Santa Cruz.
radflo Grvra ami Way .sutiuns 4: lop
fliiar 8an Joaoami Principal Way Mutlmis U:-l"» a
t5:««r Han Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations 19:00%
Si30p RanJoMtandPrtDCipal Way.Statinuii J»::;t$*
UiOOp Redwovl, Kan Joan. Gilrny. Saliaas.
Santa Barbara. Xo* Angeles 10:03a
«ia»pSan Jose and Way Mtatioua 1»:"«>»
aH>i-<Bp SaM Jw.ii.1 Way Stations T:3«»y
A for M ornlitg. 1" for A ftemoon.
t Sunday excepted. t Snnday ouly. /_
• Saturday only. « Monday. .
« Saturday aB 1 Sunday, ; / Tawdays and rridaja
£7Frlends and acauaintances are respect-
fully , Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 856 Fall street, between Fillmore and
Stelner. • Interment Masonic Cemetery.
B^"Frlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-day (Friday), at
2 o'clock, at the residence of her sister. Mrs.
S. . W8K«er, 1451 McAllister street. Inter-
ment H11U of Eternity Cemetery, by elec-
. trie funeral car. from . Eighteenth and Guer-
rero streets/
WARDEN-In this city. July 30. 1901, : Chris-
tie E., beloved daughter of Mary A. Grant
and the late William H. Warden, and sister
of Florence A.. Elizabeth M. and the late
Charles H. Warden, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 31 years 5 months and 26 days.
ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of H^ F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. '¦.¦¦: ¦' ¦
SPARROW— In this city. August 1, 1901, Jo-
seph, beloved husband of the late Margaret
Sparrow, and father of J. W.; J. .1. and Ar-
thur Sparrow," a native of -Wexford, Ireland,
aged 78 years 5 months :and 10 days. ¦ .
ICFr lends and acauaintances . are respect-
fully. Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from' the funeral
parlors of Porter & White, j 122 Eddy street,
thence to St: Peter's Church,' Alabama street,
between Twenty-fourth-.- and' Twenty-fifth,
where a requiem high mass 'will be- cele-
.brated for the repose of his*8oul. commenc-
ing ; at 9 o'clock. Intermflt Holy Cross
Cemetery. .' ¦ ~ .- ; . : :J*-? .'
WAGNER— In Portland. Or/,; July 30, 1901." Ro-
salia.' relict- . cf •- Henry -v Wagner, beloved
mother of ¦ George. Louis, Adolph and Julia
Wagner and the late Pauline Goldberg, Mrs.
L. Kuttner, Mrs. Dr. Buck of Portland, and
sister of Mrs. S. Wagner . and Benjamin
Rosenberg, a native of Prussia, Germany.
(Marj'svllle papers please copy.) •
Ey Friends and acquaintances and' members
- of the Pacific Coast Marine Firemen's Union
are respectfully Invited to attend 1 , the funeral
to-day (Friday), at, 2 . o'clock, from the
funeral Darlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mis-
sion street, between • Fifth and Stacth. 'Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery. .. .
QUIRK— In Oakland. August 1, 1901, Mary
. Ann, beloved wife of- Timothy Quirk," -and
mother of Janies, Mary and Henrietta Quirk,
a -native of County. Galway,' Ireland, aged
65 years and 10 months. t>.
SCHIFF— In this city.. July 31. 1901, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of Bernhard Schiff, I mother of
Florence M. Schiff, daughter of Harry and
Mary Ferguson, and- sister of Harry Jr. and
Budd Ferguson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 37 years and 13 days.
IC^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
• fully -Invited ' to : attend the , funeral services
-to-morrow (Saturday),,, at 2 o'clock. . at the
family residence. -Walter ¦ avenue, j Elmhurst.
.-': Interment 'Ban Lorenzo Cemetery. . -
MAGUIRE— In this city, July 30. 1901, Cath-
- orlne. beloved wife of < the late John Ma-
guire, and : mother of -John and Mary Ma-
- gulrc and. the late Mm. James' McElwaln, • a
native of County . Donegal, Ireland, aged 67
years. . ' - ' ' - ; " "..-"*
ET-Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend . the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
¦ dence. " 1717% Mission street, thence to St.
Char'.es Borromeo's Church, ' where a re-
quiem mass will' be celebrated for the re-
pose of her. soul at 9 o'clock. * Interment Holy.
'Cros3 Cemetery. . v "
MARX— In this city, August 1, 1901, Ferdinand
F.' Morx. beloved husband of AmaJie Marx.
a native of Germany, aged 60 years 9 months
and 17 days. - .- ' .
E7" Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains at
the funeral parlors of H. F. Maass. 917 Mls-
, sion street. . . -. '* . . . •
NICOLAI— In this city. August 1. 1901. Olga
Nicolai, beloved child of Louis and Sophie
. Nicolai, a native of San FrancUco, aged 5
. months and 16 days. , :
OLSEN— In this city, July 30. : 1901. Anton
Olsen, a native of Sweden, aged 28 years. .
. C^Notice of funeral ? hereafter. .' r \
LONDERMAN— In . Elmhurst,: July . 31,' . 1901,
i Amanda Wilhimina, beloved wife- of 'John
Londerman, and mother of { David-- Londer-
man, a ¦ native • of Germany, aged 25 years - 3
months and 27 days. ¦ ..:: .
' fully, invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
''(Saturday),- at : i> ¦ o'clock,.- from:, the; funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31. Eddy, street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. : . . '
LETSON— August . 1,{ 1901. ..William E. Letson,'
a native of -Sacramento,', Cal., aged 38 years
. and 7- months. . /¦ -' ¦ ,> ¦¦. ..
RAILWAY TRAVEL.18 years, son of Manuel Thomas, a ranch
er, was drowned to-day while bathing: in
the Pajaro River at Sargents Station. It
Is supposed the young man had an attaclc
of heart disease.
TO-DAY and to-morrow are the last days for registration. All citizens who were not registered for
the Presidential election, or who, having registered, have since changed their residences, must reg
ister to-day, or to-morrow or be deprived of their vote at the primary election.
The primary election to be held August 13 is the most important of all elections. It will deter
mine the municipal government for the next two years. . ,
. The result of this primary election will.be either a government by the people or the tatrencli
ment of the corrupt bosses in municipal control. '
REGISTER AT ONCE .
UNITED STATES SENATOR GEORGE C. PERKINS— "This is one of those
cases where a fellow has all he can do to take care of himself."
John D. Spreckels Promptly, Denies theStory of the Bosses
That He Gave $50,000 or Any Other Sum to the Em
ployers' Association— Duty of All Gitizens to Register
ALLIED BOSSES OF THE KELLY-GAGE
TYPE DESCEND TO THE LOWEST TACTICS
Boy Drowned in the.Pajaro.
GILROT, Aug. L— Frank Thomas, aged
,Verus> cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell iind guarantee it/ • -,'
. Flavored and seasoned In ;wood, ¦ rich and
elegant with the best materials used . by (dis
tillers, it 1» no wonder : that , Jesse Moore is
the leading: /whiskey In the. world. . . . •
Crohin,' who was j" appointed ja
policeman on January 4, 1900, 'must appear
before . the ¦ commission : on a" charge of in
toxication." - He ' is •> accused < by . Captain
Wittman of . reporting • off * duty in i an . in
toxicated'condition on July 29, after-being
on strike duty. : .: , . *"-¦,. .-
Charged With? Drunkenness.
:» Notice:. All bills against the" ThlrdJNa
tional Schuetzen Bund should . be ; present
ed : for payment immediately. Aug. Jung
blut, treasurer, ' 10 Golden Gate . avenue. > •
A new class, to be composed of third
and fourth; grade pupils, will: be; formed
in the Lincoln Grammar School and Miss
B. Millhone will. be ! assigned, to the .po
sition. - . •-
July 22, 1902.
The Board of Education met yesterday
and accepted . the resignations of \ Miss
Anna' Dealey and ; Miss S. . G. Burnell,
teachers in the department. Leave of ab
sence was granted^ to S. B. Roblcke until
More ¦ Teachers . Resign.
Means to move from place to place with
a full, handy equipment of trunks, va
lises, "pocketbooks, traveling rolls, came
ras, etc. You can be properly. fitted out
and * have your name lettered in gold on
all fine leather goods, free, at Sanborn &
Vail's 741 Market street. • ¦?.. . , •
The Verb to Travel
Appeal has. been taken^to the Supreme
Court by the Attorney General , for
another ; trial of Nettie Craven on , the
charge of *per jury. Mrs.- Craven ¦ was in
dicted by the Grand Jury in 1900, but' in
the succeeding trial the case fell through
on a technicality. , It is alleged that : Mrs.
Craven's .testimony as to her marriage
with James -Fair, at Sausalito by G. W.
Simpton in 1892 was utterly false. * • • - ; .
Wants to Try Mrs. Craven Again.
The regular Republican Club 'of the
Thirty- fourth Assembly District, Martin
Jones president, will meet at Mission Par
lor^ Hall, Seventeenth: and Valencia
streets, this evening. Nominations * for
delegates to the municipal convention will
take place. * • .
Thirty-Fourth* District.
The Republican Primary ¦ League Club,
Twenty-eighth Assembly- District, head
quarters 205 Third street, 13 putting up
a noble fight against Boss Kelly and his
gang. There Is more than an even chance
that the district will be redeemed from
the disgrace of boss rule.. Many of Kelly's
former followers are leaving him. The
boss is having trouble to get citizens to
accept a place on -his ticket.
Twenty-Eighth District.
John C. Currier, Arthur • S. Towne, Charles
A. Murdock, Maurice Brandt, Frank C. Hat
man, A. E. Buckingham, Sanford Felgenbaum,
H. O. Beatty, Lester G. Burnett. E. B. Cutter.
K. ¦ J. Attridge, ¦ Alonzo Trueworthy, *R. E.
Campbell, J. E. Smith, William H. Hammer,
Herbert D. "Walters, 'E. J. Pringle Jr., Irvin
J. Wiel. R. G. Schroeder, James J. DeYlin.
James W. O'Rourke. F. C. Self ridge, J. J;
Kane. William Reston. Louis Bauer, - Stanley
Forbes, O. C Pratt, James Maisch and H.
R. Hopps. , ...
created to foster and promote. It was de
cided, therefore, to keep Taut of the Forty
first and give -the Central Club full swing
to fight the allied bosses.
As- the campaign progressed the Kelly-
Crimmins County committeemen, aided by
several misguided men of the defunct
Grand Hotel party, began to look for a
chance 'to breik in and win. half or a
small fraction c.t the Forty-first delegation
to the nominating convention. The bosses
flocked to the , old Dibble Club at Plxley
Hall and prepared a compromise scheme.
It was presented to the Central Republi
can Club -and rejected. Then a deter
mined effort was made to force S. C. Irv
ing and Nathan Frank on the list of dele
gates. The club, in its judgment, declined
to place these two men on the ticket.
Representatives of the Republican Pri
mary League said: -"We shall support the
ticket placed In the field by the Central
Republican ¦ Club. We -•¦ do not ask for
league representation on the ticket, as the
members of the club : fully represent the
league anti-boss principles." ¦ ¦
It- seems that no personal objection was
made to S.' C. Irving and Nathan Franks,
but -they represented a faction known as
the Grand Hotelers. The Central Club
at the outset of the campaign resolved to
steer clear of all factions and therefore
Franks and Irving were objected to as
the representatives of a faction. It la
also common knowledge that this faction
.which they represent has allied itself with
Kelly and Crimmins in two districts and
stands ready to make any sort of alliance
to gain a delegate here or there. A stormy
conference of the club's executive commit
tee took place yesterday. To-night at
Lodge Hall, 1605 Polk street, there will be
a meeting of the main body of the club.
An effort will be made to break down this
ticket recommended by the committee:
¦ A statement was made at this Juncture
by Mr. Herrln that if a reduced rate was
£iven the residents of Bakersfleld, the oil
investors of Los Angeles would clamor for
a rate. At the present time. the Los An
geles oil men are paying 12-10 cents per
gallon,' which is equivalent to 50 4-10 cents
per barrel. \ • -
Frank A. Garber, an oil man of Los
Angeles, was the last witness of the day.
He said the price of oil in Los Angeles
varies from 75 to 80; cents per barrel. He
said that he sold oil as cheaply as 20 cents
a barrel five years ago,, as they were pro
ducing more oil then than there was mar
ket for it. He said that In Los Anereles
and Ventura counties they were producing
20,000 to 30.000 barrels more than they had
use for. -He said 'Los Angeles was making
special prices to keep the Kern River oil
out of Its market. . - -
An adjournment was taken : until this
morning at 10 o'clock. .
Los Angeles Would Want Rate.
to the discovery of oil at Bakersfleld, he
shipped 2000 barrels a month at from 80
cents to $1.10 per barrel. He thought that
Los Angeles Investors would not sell any
more oil if the rates were reduced. He
said they do not send any more oil to this
city, as the Kern River field has control
of the market: He ¦ said at the present
price of coal, crude oil at $1.75 per barrel
/will drive the commodity out of Los An
geles. He said oil was being sold at that
figure until Kern came down to 75 cents
a- barrel. He : was asked by Attorney
Short what interest he had in Kern River
oil property, and he surprised every one
by saying, that he was , helping to spend
$100,000 developing oil lands. He said he
had personally drilled 15 per cent of the
wells of I.ios Angeles, and has handled 50
to 60 per cent of- the oil used In that city.
He* concluded his testimony by saying
that if the Bakersfield people maintain
their ridiculously low prices, It will only
be a short time when every one will go
out of business. . . .
One of the greatest victories - ever won
for good principles and clean politics was
achieved by the Republicans of the Forty
first Assembly District last November. H.
C. Dibble, the exponent'' of bossism, was
defeated in one of the hottest campaigns
ever waged in this city. The tinti-boss
Republicans of the district must be on the
alert, however, to preserve the fruits of
the victory won last fall. The"**-allicd
bosses are active and boastful* In the
Forty-first.: and are threatening open war
on the Central Republican Club, of which
Horace Davis. is president. In order that
the ; citizens may . fairly comprehend' the
Issue in ' the '¦ districts , a few - plain facts
should be presented. ;,
The Central Republican Club, , f ormerly
known as ! the Horace Davis Club, is
recognized in the district : and elsewhere .
as a formidable and effective ¦ anti-boss
organization. The club > did not \ dissolve
after the great .victory won last Novem
ber, but on the contrary preservedJits or
ganization and added : new members to its
roll: It : fairly, represents the best citizen
ship and«-the- soundest' Republican senti
ment! in, the district. When the Republi
can - Primary i League . was established ¦ to
awaken"- 1 public •; Interest' in' the cause ' : of
good government and ;to effectively
ganize , all : the f elements l opposed to boss
ism, the question came up as to the advis
ability: of organizing ,a -branch : of -the
league: in the. Forty-first."- It was the de
liberate judgment of the ; league that | the
Central." Republicans Club, Horace. Davis
president,' ;- represented the .principles .* of
good .government ..which the . league was
Our senior United; States Senator,
George C. Perkins, is really, up against it.
He is "between the*- devil; and the deep
sea."- He is hardly able to help John C.
Lynch ' hold the i internal revenue collect
orship, as all of his political dexterity, is
required to hold the Senatorshlp for him
self. • According to present ' appearances
Stephen Kelly of San Bernardino is justi
fied in putting his affairs in shape for a
four years' sojourn* in : San Francisco. It
is surmised that Senator;, Perkins will
eventually indorse : his r < recommendation
for the collectorshlp and then ask some
leading Republican to' go to thePresident
and. protest against the appointment. -
- Forty -First District.
Perkins and Lynch.
"I have not given fifty thousand dollars,
one dollar or any other sum of money. to
the Employers' Association. 'I have not
been requested to contribute to the asso
ciation, and would not '"contribute if re
quested." - . •''.', '_
: Mr. Spreckels has not given $50,000 ; or
any other sum of money to the associa
tion mentioned. His denial is concise and
convincing. He asserts:
ALLIED bosses of the Kelly-Gage
type, perceiving that the Repub
lican Primary League is ' daily
• growing stronger, are circulating
a story that John D. Spreckels
gave $50,000 to the Employers* Association.
By spreading such false rumor the dis
credited bosses hope to create a sentiment
in ; certain, classes against the 'Primary
League. _',•..'
PROMINENT" FIGURES IN OIL
RATE CASE - BEFORE THE
RAILROAD. COMMISSIONERS.
Edward Strasburg: of Los Angeles was
next called by. the Southern Pacific Com
pany's attorney. Mr. Strasburg said he
was interested In Kern County lands. He
said that the prtce of oil per barrel was
governed by the Bakersfleld market, and
that the constant reduction of the price
of oil has had a bad effect on the Los An
geles investors. He said Los Angeles was
producing 100,000 barrels a month, which
exceeds the consumption by 18,000 to'20,
000 barrels a month. He said the oil was
being stored and kept off the market." Mr
Strasburg admitted being in the oil busi
ness at Los Angeles for the past seven
years. He has shipped oil from that place
to this city v at 51 cents per barrel. Prior
A Los Angeles Investor.
Only a few of the firms engaged In pow
er transmission are making a profit, and
a reduction of prices of oil would affect
their ability to pay their fixed charges
and preclude further investments. .¦¦•- ¦
On cross-examination witness said he
used twenty-five to thirty barrels of oil a
month. . . .
John Martin of this city proved to be a
man of innumerable enterprises. He ha«l
the names of the various • corporations he
was interested in at his tongue's end and
he gave testimony so fast that the stenog
raphers were bewildered. He said he
was engaged in woolen milling, manu
facturing gas, power transmission, saw
milling and one or two dozen other things.
He said the high price of fuel led to tho
formation of a power company, and this
company reduced the cost of power for
manufacturing companies and the cost to
cities for the illumination of streets. "If
oil fuel would cost 10 cents a barrel the
power transmission must sell at a price
to meet it in competition. In the last six
years forty millions of dollars has been
Invested in electrical power transmission.
The further reduction of the price of
crude' oil would not only do away with
the profit in this business but would ruin
the investment. •
On cross-examination by Attorney
Short, witness said steam coal was feel
ing the effects in prices by reason of the
oil competition. "White Ash and Frank
lin coal from the American side of Puget
Sound sold last summer at $6 a ton, and
you can now buy all you want for ?5 50 or
less."
House coal was not affected by the oil
competition. Coal cannot compete 'with
oil at the present price. . .
Cannot Compete With. Oil.
The witness then went into a discussion
of coal and its values. Oil at 51 per bar
rel, he said, . would make big business.
He said the oil business had absorbed the
most valuable fields for coal. He thought
oil was more economical than coal. He
said that anything that would tend to de
crease the Importation . of foreign coal,
which comes to this port in wheat ships,
would increase the burden of the farmer.
It simply reduces the amount of tonnage.
He added that if the coal business was
entirely absorbed by oil it would tend to
make less plentiful the ships that come
here. He named a score of prominent
corporations who have substituted oil for
coal In their plants. Among the promi
nent firms mentioned was the Union Iron
Works, San Francisco Gas and Electric
Ccmpany, Market-street Railway system
and Western Sugar Refinery Company.
He said the coal companies were finding
it more and more difficult to get rid of
their screenings by reason of the cheap
ness of oil for fuel; He was getting ready
to enter the oil business, as his customers
were leavine him. ,
"That requires a qualifying. answer. It
would depend on the kind of coal that is
considered." ';¦'. -. ¦¦•/ .
"At what price per. barrel rn^y "oil com
pete with coal in San Francisco?" he was
asked. ¦ ¦¦ ¦ •
At the afternoon session John L. How
ard, a well-known coal merchant of Oak
land, was called, to the stand by Mr. Her
rln. He testified as an expert, and his
evidence was highly interesting. He said
he had been engaged for the 'last twenty
one years In importing coal from Great
Britain, Puget Sound and other points.
cattle -would be worth SSOO, and the car
load of oil is now worth here about ?1 a
barrel. "We get double the rate per ton
per mile on cattle." Mr. Sproule said,
"than we get on oil."
On cross-examination Mr. Sproule eald
that the rate on cattle was $48 per car
He said that the oil cars had to be
shipped back empty. Mr. Short then de
sired to know whether cattle cars were
not also sent back empty and the witness
replied in the negative. He said all kinds
of freight was chipped back In stock cars.
He said fruit and perishable goods were
not chipped In this manner, but vegetables
were. Attorney Short dryly remarked
that the cars had to be well cleaned and
the witness replied that it was cheaper
to clean cars than to send them back
empty.
"The value of a carload of cattle la in
excess of the value of a carload of oil, is
It not?" asked Le Blanc's counsel.
The witness answered that a carload of
"From $63 to $65 per car."
"How much does this oil cost to carry
on a car?" asked Short.
Freights on Stock and Oil.
"When the Commissioners convened yes
terday morning Judge Short read the
complaint, in which was stated that the
producers thought a rate of 25 cents per
barrel would be a reasonable sum for the
railroad company to charge for the trans
portation of oil from the producing dis
tricts to this city. -
Mr. Kruttschnitt was sworn by Secre
tary Sesnon. He said he was familiar
with the shipment of oil from the Kern
County oil fields and said that to his
knowledge 10,000 oil cars had been sent
out. He said the principal point of their
destination was this city. On cross-exam
ination by Judge Short,- the witness said
he knew nothing about rates; that Mr
Sproule, head of the traffic department,
was responsible for making them.
William Sproule was the next witness.
According to his recollection. 180,000 bar
rels of oil were moved in this State dur
ing 1900. This was on an average of six
barrels to a ton. He said - the present
rate of 1 cent per gallon went into effect
In 1898. When the development of oil in
Bakersfield began the people of that sec
tion asked to be given the same rate en
joyed by the people of Coalinga. This was
granted, he said, to secure the new busi
ness and to offset the water competition
Attorney Short examined Mr. Sproule at
great length. He asked him the rate of
charge on cattle, fruit, merchandise and
other commodities. He even Interrogated
Mr. Sproule on washouts, rainfall and the
cost of the road, all of which the witness
endeavored to answer.
The oil men of Kern County allege that
the uniform rate of 42 cents per barrel
to Ban Francisco, plus switching charges,
which brings it up to 46 cents per barrel,
is excessive and through Mr. Le Blanc
appeal for a reduction of about 25 cents
per barrel. - -- ¦¦-¦¦—-,
What Oil Men Want.
OIL men and railroad officials filled
the rooms of the State Board of
Railroad Commissioners yester
day to discuss oil rates and val
ues. The occasion was the hear
ing of the complaint filed with the board
by John Le Blanc of Fresno, who claims
that the oil rates charged by the railroad
company were ruinous and that a reduc
tion was necessary to foster the growing
Industry. Attorney Frank H. Short of
Fresno/ represented the complainant and
¦William F. Henin and J.-N. Fouids repre
sented the Southern Pacific Company.
Judge C. N. Sterry of Los Angeles and
Assistant Counsel Norton were present In
behalf of the Santa Fe system. The morn
ing session was occupied in hearing the
testimony of Julius Kruttschnitt, general
manager of the Southern Pacific Com
•pany, and William Sproule, freight traffic
manager of the corporation. They en
lightened the commissioners on rates and
the testimony adduced was strongly In
favor of the defense.
In the afternoon Commissioner C. S.
Laumeister was unable to attend by rea
son of Illness. He had been ailing at the
morning session and on reaching his resi
dence at the noon recess was compelled
to seek Ms bed. Commissioners Edson
and Blackstock continued to : hear testi
mony, the attorneys for both sides agree
ing.
A meeting of the Thirty-seventh Assem
bly District Club of the Republican Pri
mary League will be held this evening at
branch headquarters at 552 Hayes street;
J. K. v Jones, ; president: L.- Bloom,-secre
tary. '¦ ;. •¦ " - 1 - • '. i. .' ¦ '-. :
Saturday evening a smoker and meet-
Ing will be held at 444 Devlsadero street,
by the members of the Thirty-seventh
Assembly District Club of the Republi
can Primary League. .
A meeting of the. Thirty- first Assembly
District Club of the Republican Primary
League , (B. J. Flood, president; J. A.
Madden, secretary), will be held to-night
at 227 Ninth street. ' . . • . -
Club No. 1, Thirty-second , Assembly
District, Republican' Primary League, will
meet this "evening in Penny's Hall, corner
of Eighteenth and Kentucky streets, with
Dr. H. Le B. De Witt as president and
H. Oellig as secretary. "
To-morrow evening Club No. 2, Repub
lican Primary, League, Thirty-second As
sembly District, will meet in Mechanics':
Hall* 444 Brannan' street. J Prominent
speakers will address the meeting. : T. C.
Duff is president of the club. •'.',,-
Primary League Club Meetings.
We fa\-or the declared and feasible policy of
the Republican Primary .League for home rule
and a sound, broad gauge municipal admin
istration. - . ' : - *.C-
We denounce the interference of petty bosses
from the interior in the municipal politics of
this city and the alignment of every ¦ vicious
element in political affairs against- the purity
of our governmental life and the safety of our
Institutions. .
They commend • the earnest and sincere ef
forts of the Republican Primary League for
an honest primary and a free convention, and
pledge the elections of an untrammeled and
independent delegation in the next municipal
convention. ' ¦ ¦
The Republicans of the Forty-fourth Assem
bly District, in • mass meeting assembled, in
dependent of all external control, voice their
constant and steadfast antagonism ' to bosses
and boss rule. ¦ . : - . ; .. .
After A; J. Dannenbaum predicted that
a body blow would be administered to the
Kelly-Crimmins push on August 13 from
which .It would never recover A. Ruef
told some plain truths about the present
controversy, which were received with
great applause. The following resolutions
were then unanimously adopted: ••_¦";--
The -meeting was called to order by L.
A. Rea, editor of the North End Review,
who explained briefly the intention of the
members of the club to lay the founda
tion for honest government at the com
ing primary. Mr. Rea was followed . by
D. W. Burchard, who worked his hearers
up to a high pitch- of enthusiasm by his
scathing denunciation of the unprincipled
Individuals who would jeopardize the in
terests of the Republican party by using
dishonest methods in politics. Mr. Bur
chard advocated home rule in the admin
istration of local affairs and urged con
certed effort to secure freedom from boss
ism.
Forty-Fourth. District Meeting. •
By far the most enthusiastic meeting of
the primary campaign was that held last
night at "Washington-square Hall under
the • auspices o'f the -Forty-fourth
Assembly District Club of the Re
publican Primary League... Eloquent
speakers addressed more than 500
voters, who testified by frequent cheerg
and applause that they are in -ac
cord with the determined effort that is
being ' made by independent citizens to
crush out every semblance of bossism.
- The stamps on the documents amount to
$525, and show that the purchase price
was $1,050,000. The purchasers have an op
tion on the rest of the Blythe estate, but
how long that option will run is not
known. This portion includes all the
property west of the east line of Brooks
street to Grant avenue, except the prop
erty on the corner of Geary and Grant
avenue. It has a frontage of 188.75 feet on
Market street, with a superficial area of
31.S53 square feet.
The property conveyed is free from ail
incumbrances, the United States Mort
gage and Trust Company, through Its as
signees, having been paid yesterday. The
balance of the mortgage of $1,000,000 rests
on the property for which an option has
been given.
A deed was also filed covering the trans
fer of a lot on the northerly line of Geary
street, distant 107 feet west of Kearny,
60x122.6 feet, by Daniel E. Easterbrook and
Nettie Stone' Easterbrook, his wife, both
of Haywards, to Samuel W. Rosenstock
for a consideration of $400,000.
Two deedsjiovering the transfer of the
Blythe property', at the corner of . Market
and Brooks , streets -were filed yesterday
In the Recorder's office. One 'of the in
struments ; - shows that Mrs. Florence
Blythe-Hinckley-Moore and her husband,
A. A. Moore Jr., convey to the, Bankers'
Investment Association the property west
of the line of the Mutual Bank property
to the easterly line of Brooks street, hav
ing a frontage of 182.72 feet on Market
street and 134.9 feet on Geary street, ag
gregating 21,187 square feet.
In the second deed, A. A. Moore Sr. and
wife convey to the same company the lot
known as the -Sawyer lot, which was re
cently added to the Blythe holdings by
purchase. The lot has a frontage of 20
feet on Geary street, with a depth of 79
feet and a three-foot alleyway on Brooks
stitet.
Deeds Covering Transfer
Are Filed -With the
Recorder. •-
BLYTHE BLOCK
CHANGES HANDS
¦ The police think that the murder was
due to a personal grudge, and do not at
tribute it to highbinders. No clew has
been obtained as to the murderers. ,
A' crowd of unknown Chinamen opened
fire upon him from across the street, nine
shots being fired in all, seven of them tak
ing^ effect. ~ No cause: is*- known for-, the
deed. . ' . ¦ '. ' "
Gee Chung, a young Chinaman employed
in a restaurant at 644 Commercial street,
was shot and Instantly killed this morning:
at 2:30 o'clock, while entering a gambling
house at 9 Ross alley. .
Nine Shots Are Fired at ; Him,
Seven of Which Strike v .
the Victim.
¦- ¦ • . • •• ¦, ¦ ¦ ¦ v -. : •
Young ¦ Chinese Is Shot
to Death at Midnight
in Ross Alley. ;
ASSASSINATION
OF GEE CHUNG
THE SAN FRANCISCO C AI/L, FRIDAY, A FGU ST 2, 1 90TU
Southern Pacific Company Introduces a Number of Experts
i Who Tell of the Depreciation in Value of Coal and the
Cheapnessof Crude Petroleum as Result of Competition
OIL MEN TALK RATES AND VALUES
BEFORE RAILROAD COMMISSIONERS
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Silk Floss Double Hattress,
thirty-fire pounds, fire-inch
box; 66.50.
Get an estimate from as on
'everything required to furnish
your entire • establishment.
Credit" and free delivery within
ioo miles. We close at six, ex-
cept on' Saturday.
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO,,
338-342 POST STREET,"
Opposite Union Squar*.
Eyeft!a«ses and Spectacles
AT ONE -THIRD LESS
Than prevailing: prices. All
Glasses - guaranteed perfect. •
Bring Your Broken Lenses
Tome. I will duplicate' them for leas
money than any one else.
E. MAX WE 1,1*, Room C, Sixth
.. Floor. Academy of Sciences Bids..
810 MARKET STREET. .
TAKE THE ELEVATOR. y.