TWO' OFFICIALS, WHO ARE
HIGH IN THE COUNCILS OF
THE RUSSIAN CZAR. \
I mills have been : destroyed,'; and " it 1 Is ; be
lieved ./^at several lives have , been lost:* A^
strong] (afiiquake shock, was felt here to-
"King of Arabia." , flHH
The river Marltza' has overflowed and
caused disastrous floods in'the province of
Adrlanople. • Eight "/villages^ and ¦'twenty
the Sheikh -of Koweyt, on , the ; Persian
Gulf/ and • Bin Rishid, the "eelf-styled
CONSTANTINOPLE, March .31.—Fur
ther fighting is reported to have occurred
in the Nejed 1 district of Arabia between
FLOOD .' SWEEPS ) AWAY
EIGHT 'ENTIBE VILLAGES
WASHINGTON, March 3L-Af ter the ap
¦¦.'(.'
Kansas Thanks the President.
WASHINGTON. March 31.— It was said
at bom the .White House and War De
partment to-night that absolutely noth
ing had been received by the Government
regarding: the alleged unearthing of
crooked work on' the part of the army
quartermasters and others in Luzon and
the arrest of a number of persons in and
out of the army for stealing property of
the Government or. receiving stolen Gov
ernment, property. General Corbln said,'
furthermore, that the Government had no
Intimation. of any sort that such develop
ments might be expected. He was In
clined for. this reason to believe the frauds
against the Government could hardly be
so sericus afe reported. - though admitting
that this opinion was based wholly on the
lack of advices from the Government.
Captain Barrows, he , said," was; not " the
regular quartermaster for I Southern Lu
zon and must- have' been acting, 'quarter
master there at the time of the arrests. "
It is understood that prominent officers
of the United States army may be ar
rested. Lieutenant P. K. Street of the
Forty-sixth j Volunteer Infantry Is ' prose
cuting the investigation under the direc
tion of Colonel Wilbur, Chief of Policed
to June. 1900, and It Is possible that there
are others of earlier date. The exorbitant
tariff on provisions makes the surrepti
tious'sale of commissary supplies im
mensely profitable.
Rlipino Leader, Grateful for Mac-
'Arthur's Kindness.
MANILA, March 31.— Agulnaldo con
tinues to express himself as 'pleased with
and impressed by I the: courteous treat
ment accorded him by General Mac-
Arthur. 1
"I am a prisoner,'^ said he to-day/ "but
I am treated like a guest."- ;
polntment of General Funston yesterday
Secretary, Cortelyou, after the direction
of the President, wired the news to Gov
ernor Stanley of Kanr as. To-day the fol
lowing response, was received from the
Governor: fflggfe
"Express to the President the thanks of
the people of Kansas for hl3 recognition
of General Funston." j
TREATS AGUINALDO AS GUEST.
His Name Permitted to , Remain on
Active List Until, He Is;
¦'•U^^i'viVv.'^ Siity^Fouri
/WASHINGTON, March si.-Ueutenant
General Nelson A. Miles, commanding the
army, "will not te retired by the President
in 'August next, when : he reaches the age
og 62 years.' He will be';allowed to remain
on the active list until hie is 64 years old;
when, under law, he must be retired.*
General Miles' retention • In active serr
vice will prevent either, General '¦ Brooke
or General Otis from receiving anappoint
ment; as .' lieutenant general. ¦ Brigadier
General B.F. Wade, r who is senior ''officer,
of 1 his * grade and ¦ who ¦ has .; been ; - over
slaughed ;. by the promotion I of I Generals
Chaff ee, Young,' MacArthur andVWheaton,
will ; be ''¦ made Major 'General when ;Gen
eral Otis": retires, on March 25, 1902. Gen
eral "Ludlow-, will be appointed
major general iipon the retirement of Genf
eral'"Wheaton, 1 *on"july 15,' 1902,' and Briga
dier; General . J. f C. > Bates when General
Brooke retires, on 'July 21, 1902..
,"\, The army .appointments ¦ announced ; last
night , are '. generally j.- approved * in , military,
circles to-day, although among regular of-* |
fleers i'there^ is grumbling 'over ,thV reward
given*, to". General | Funs ton for his capture
of -; AguInaldo.vGeheral^ Furistori- was , in
structed i several weeks '- ago ~ - to .. * return,
home for muster out;" but these~orders .will
'be' -'canceled^'and he will remain" in-ith'e
MILES <P4SSES; AGE j LIMIT ; vv
BUT /WILL NOT 3B RETIRED
huge sums In entertaining officers. A
prominent comm| kary officer is accused
of leading a scan jaiously Immoral life.
It is asserted; tWt large 'quantities "of
stores have beenlloit or stolen in transit,
and also that there "U* in the
'" commissary depot. :
Xew scandals are <ie\eloped dally, n- !
I licit transactlona have/been traced back I
of unauthorized j»ersons. .
It Is alleged that the contractor in' per
son, who has been doing a business ap
proximating $100.(^0 a month, has spent
capture and fate of Aguinaldo Is well nigh
overshadowed In Manila by sensational
developments, present and prospective, of
frauds In the commissary department.
How widely these extend has not y«t been
ascertained, but enough is already "mown
to Justify the belief that they are far
reachlnff. •
Captain Frederick J. Barrows of the
Thirtieth Volunteer '. Infantry, quarter
master of the Department of Southern
Luzcn, together with seven commissary
sergeants, several civilian clerks, a prom
inent Ckwernment contractor, the assist
ant manager of the Hotel Orlente, the
proprietors of three of the largest
bakeries in Manila., a number of store
keepers and other persons have been ar
rested. The Investigation has scarcely
begun, but thousands^of sacks of flour, a
quantity of bacon and wagon loads of
other goods, all bearing Government
marks, have been found in the possession
MANTLA. March SL— Interest In the
Wholesale Exposures Involving Army Officers, a Prominent
\ ".'¦¦¦.¦•'•'¦.'¦• v ..- ' ; . ' ' ' • ¦ •.
•Government Contractor and Many Civilians.
EXTENSIVE FRAUDS ARE UNEARTHED
IN MANILA COMMISSARY DEPARTMENT
time was needed in which to amass even
moderate wealth ; now human genius has
made possible a system of production that
permits the amassing of enormous for
tunes in a length of time so short as not
to have been dreamed of, even at thf be
ginning of .the last century. -
"By v,hat right," the speaker inquired,
"does any man presume to say he owns
this line of railways . and that enormous
manufacturing industry, and through
such ownership is worth a' specific sum?
The masses, the laboring class, create the
values >of . the properties and yet own no
part.. of them.. Those who have .by their
efforts, application; and the use of their
intellects been the means of creating these
properties ! are in reality' persecuted -by
those to whom, the Jaws j of the state
grant titles of ownership."
•""We have on all sides. of us," he said,
"beautiful cities and magnificent palaces
and specimens of architecture that have
been created through the labor of . the
masses, yet they have no part In their "en
joyment. . One hundred years ago a life
NEW YORK, March 3L— Prince Kra
potkln of Russia, who is an exile on ac
count of his advocacy of anarchistic doc
trines and who has come to this country
to speak in behalf of Russia's oppressed,
lectured to a large and enthusiastic audi
ence at the Grand Central Palace this af
ternoon. His subject was "Anarchism;
Its Philosophy, and j Ideal." Prince Kra
potkln contended that the philosophy of
the twentieth century., would be the phil
osophy of anarchism, and that the pre
vailing tendency of the great movements
of this century would differ radically
from those of the earlier part of the last
100 years, when nearly all movements
tended toward an increase in the power
of the state. The Increase of power on
the part of the individual and the masses,
he declared, was the* most needful thing
for the relief of the laboring classes.
TTew York Audience.
Exiled Eussian Prince Lectures to .a
but were' quelled by the military authori
ties. No further particulars are available.
MAKES PTYF, A FOB. ANARCHISM
LONDON. April 1.— The St. Pe
tersburg correspondent of the
Daily Telegraph says: "A revo
lutionary committee, composed
of seventy-two members, has
been arrested after a desperate defense,
the revolutionists firing- at the police. Two
. secret revolutionary printing presses were
seized in connection with the arrest Al
together 3000 arrests have been made. It
-~ is rumored that some of the Ministers .
now wear steel cuirasses."
,- ST. PETERSBURG. April L-Peter Kar
. povltch, the assassin of M. Bogoliepoff,
Russian Minister of Public Instruction,
has been sentenced to twenty years' penal
servitude, with a loss of civil rights. The ;
announcement that he had been sentenced
to life imprisonment in a fortress was er
roneous.
The Ministry of Education is consider
ing as a means of diminishing the num
ber of university students a proposal to
admit any one Qualified to enter the uni
versities to examination for university
diplomas, whether they nave attended the
universities or not. This, however, would
hardly be a satisfactory solution of the
difficulties, which result from restrictions
of university freedom.
Sixty-nine students, who were arrested
during the rtcent riots, have been released.
It is rumoreC that severe riots have oc
curred during jhe last few days at Kleff ,
; NEW YOKK, March 31. —The Sun's London cable says: . A
', dispatch to the Morning' leader from KieS says it is reported -
. that an oftlcer of the household attempted to assassinate the Czar; .
,- • ¦ -,. r— >^».-rrf ?"'•« •¦¦*--. " i -. -i ;-^..t i -;---.-''^^v-'^r*-'*< rt^r"'-.!i'>^"f' i *X"-^-^r^'''i-,
' - He fired at His liTajesty, but missed. He then shot and- killed him
\ self before he could be arrested.
The deceased officer was born in -Mis
souri' and entered \ the naval service on
June 25, 1868. He was commissioned on
March 31. 1S99, to : the - rank held by him
at the time of his death; and was ordered
to the command of the Petrel on Novem
ber 15, 1899. The Petrel was ono-'of .the
vessels ;under Admiral Dewey at the bat
tle of Manila bay, when she was In charge
of Lieutenant Commander Wood. The lat
ter officer came, home shortly • after I and
Lieutenant Commander Roper, succeeded
him. :.¦';;' ." ,. 7 V 'v"-- :< ¦ -
The Euffalo; on which the body will be
sent home, is now used for the transpor
tation of troops and Is 'about to return" to
the United States by way of the Mediter
ranean. : '. ..' .
"With , this , sad . news, the department
sends to Mrs. Roper deep sympathy in the
grea.t loss she has sustained and the
highest appreciation of. the gallantry; and
self-sacrlflce with which Lieutenant Com
mander Roper gave his life for his fellow
men.' It" was a hero's death."
The /department at .once, sent a .tele
gram to ,H. F. Fay, the, brother-in-la"w of
Lieutenant Commander Roper, at 73 Mon
mouth street,' Longwood^ Mass., asking
that he. Inform Mrs. Roper of the news.
The following expression of sympathy and
appreciation is . also made: •
"CAVITE, ; March 3.— Fire was discov
ered In the sailroom of Petrel at 7 o'clock
this 1 morning, . Roper commanding. After
golng,.below. once ¦_ he went. again against
advice and attempted to recover men be
low. - He was suffocated and died at 7:45.
Twenty-two other officers and men were
entirely '.prostrated. -'.'All are recovering.
Fire out. Damage, immaterial. Send
. Roper's remains by . Buffalo. REMET." ;
REMYi CABLES /THE ''SAD NEWS
Navy Department jj Sends v ; Condolence
: .to Jffirs^ Roper. >:. |
WASHINGTON^March Sl.'-^f he^Navy
Department early. this morning received a
cablegram .. from '¦: Admiral .j : Remsy, J com
,,!PiL^£-in^c]^^
giving'a* brief acconnt'of a' fire- In" the sail
room ' of .Petrel*' and of the
deathof the-commahdihg-offlcer, Lieuten
ant Commander, Jesse ii. Roper, as a; re
suit of an 'heroic effort to, rescue the' men
below. The dispatch . shows that twenty
two other 'officers and men were pros
trated, but all - are recovering', i Admiral
Remey's dispatch is -as follows: . ¦
the bail money demands and the officials
of the city treasury did not hesitate to
pay them. When he was asked why it
was he presented so many demands h»
would state that the parties who had fur
nished the ball were too busy to call in
person and allowed him a small commis
sion for attending to the work-
Sullivan Boldly Admits Crime.
Sullivan admits the forging of the de
mands and frankly stated last night that
he was obliged to "keep the thing golngr
to get even." .He explained that he first
started in by holding the bail money of a
few. people and paying them with- bail
money of other parties. In order to avoid
detection Sullivan says that he was forced
to commit forgeVy of the bail money de
mands, and when \ he realized the gams
was up on Saturday he made one mori
clearance and skipped out
Sullivan had with him yesterday . $1700.
all of which he had obtained on forged
orders In the past few weelu.
C. B. Perkins, deputy in the City Treas
urer's offlce. to whom Sullivan always
presented the ball ' money withdrawals
before they were paid by Cashier Rels
was seen late last night and told of Sul
livan's forgeries.- Perkins stated that the
orde'rs presented by Sullivan had no Indi
cation of forgery on them.
Opinion of -Treasurer's Deputies.
"We thought It 'was strange that Sul-.
llvan presented so ' many ' orders," said
Perkins, "but he explained that he was
cashing them for the parties who had
furnished the ball, and who were .too
busy to come to the office. He presented
seven orders on Saturday for ball money,
and they were cashed. We will not be
able to tell what orders were forged until
we go over. the books and the orders for
ball which are on file. A few days afgo
I happened to. speak to a police officer
about Sullivan, who was passing by. and
the officer said he ¦was "a. bad one." "We
knew that he was connected with the of
fice of the bond and warrant clerk, and
there was not the slightest suspicion of
anything - being wrong."
Deputy Perkins further- stated ths.t last
week Bond and Warrant Clerk Peery was
behind three days In making- up the dally
returns of his office and that on Saturday
a telephone message was sent to Peery
Insisting that the returns be made.
"Sullivan answered the phone." said
Perkins, "and said the office was too busy
to make up the papers. We insisted that
the returns must . be finished and late in
the day they were returned to us."
Perkins an.d Chief Deputy Rels of the
Treasurer's office stated last night that
when Peery had been asked as to the au
thority of Sullivan acting for the offlce
he had replied "What Sullivan does la all
right." ; )
Among the bail orders cashed by Sulli
van Saturday was one for $250 in the case
of Chung Suey. a Chinese gembler. The
bail was deposited March 23, and Sullivan,
drew it down on the 20th. For some rea
son known to himself Sullivan secured
the receipt for the money, given when the
bail was deposited. The signature on the
order for. the withdrawal of the bail In
this case Is exactly similar to the genuine
one' of Judge Conlan signed to genuine
orders. , • •
ANTI-CLEBICAIi SIOTEBS
PIBED ON BY POLICE
' BARCELONA, March 31.— Twenty thou
sand persons participated' to-day in an
anti-clerical demonstration in the Plaza
del Toro. A large crowd stoned the
Jesuit. college. Finally the police charged
and dispersed the demonstrators, injuring
several. When they Intervened they were
received with showers of stones and blows
from sticks and they replied by firing upon
the mob.
¦According to the latest accounts many
were " wounded; some \ seriously. The ex
citement continues.'
' i, MADRID, Aoril •: 1.— It Is rumored from
Valencia that following upon the riot
antl -clerical demonstrations \ there, an ad
dress : was sent . to the Government de
manding - the ; expulsion , of all monastic
orders. All religious processions have
been suspended in the provinces.
QTJABBEL \ OVEE GRAZING .
v ¦-.":< LANT>S LEADS TO TRAGEDY
; GRAND; JUNCTION," -Coio. ."March SL—
As a result of a quarrel' over. the right to
graze ; ."sheep - on " a strip . ; o'f , practically
worthless' ground near Cisco, Grand Coun
,ty, John ! Selmanof Payson, : Utah, Is lying
dead in the local undertaking' parlors and
E. 1 B* Campbell,. Surveyor of Grand, Coun-^
ty, is t under/ arrest at Moab, awaiting } a
preliminary hearing on the charge of mur
der. >. The; disagreement' which " clumlnated
in ;. the '. shooting I of : Selman -' occurred. ; at
.Campbell's ]• ranch, five "/.miles . south"- of
i Cisco, 1 ' at 4 o'clock Friday, afternoon.
BOBN BEFORE ABHBRICA
BECAME A NATION
NEW YORK, March 3L— For more
than half a century Noah Raby, born a
subject of King George III in the lat
ter*_s' colony of . North Carolina. ha*
been • an Inmate of the Poor Farm !t»
Piscatawny township, near New Bruns
wick, N. J., and on nest Monday he will
celebrate the v one : hundred and twenty
ninth anniversary of his birth.
Raby has smoked a pipe since he was S
years of age, and Is a great lover of to
bacco In any form. -He has not drank
any ardent spirits In a long time, prin
cipally because he couM not get them,
but for the ..most part of his life hesIn
dulged in liquor, malt and spirituous, in
moderation.
Raby says that he was born in North
Carolina' on April 1, 1772.' He recalls tha
fact 'that George III was King, and re
members to have . heard General George
Washington make an address at York
town about the year 1730. About the be
ginning of the last century he joined the
United States,, navy. In "which he re
mained until the breaking out of the sec
ond war with England, when he went
back ' to North .. Carolina; but the girl
whom he expected to marry proving fickle,
left .that part of .the country and went to
New ..Jersey.; : He settled in ¦¦ Piscatawny
township, and. has continued to live them
ever since. About' flfty ( years 'ago he be-.
came - an Inmate ' of • the Foorhouse. .' He
has never , married, .; and bas neither kith '
nor kin: In this part of the country.
"SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.
"To the Treasurer of the city and county
of - San ¦ Francisco: - Pay to ; — — or order
the sum or -— dollars, bail money depos
ited la people vs. '¦ — , charged with *— .
The said ball deposited with you by the
bond and warrant clerk of the city and ;
county of San Francisco, department No.
—,1901, has been this day, — , 190L' ex
onerated. ; — -. Judge of Police
Department — r-." - ¦ • '
To this document, when signed by a
Police Judge, the signature of the bond
and warrant clerk,' who had accepted, the
bail, was ; required. On presentation at
the Treasurer's office it was compared
with the books by a deputy, countersigned
and then paid bv the cashier.
Sullivan was In the habit of presenting
So well was his work done that Sullivan
had no difficulty in securing the officials
of . the city treasury in cashing the fcrged
orders. The* withdrawal blanks read as
follows: •'. /-'•' y.
The blanks of withdrawal were accessi
ble to Sullivan, and it was no trouble for
him to fill them in at his pleasure and
imitate the signatures of the Police
Judges and of Clerk Peery.
Sullivan has forged the name of Bond
and .Warrant. Clerk Peery and also the
names of Police Judges Mogan, Cabaniss
and Conlan to orders for the withdrawal
of ball money trom the treasury, amount
ing, by his own confession, to $5000.
.: "v Facile Methods for Forger. ;,;>>'
In order, to secure •withdrawal of ball
money from the treasury the charter re
quires that an order, for the same must
be signed by the bond and warrant cleric
and by the Police Judge before whom the
case was heard. .
When the charter' went into force Sulli
van was left out .in, the cold, as he could
not pass, the civil service. examination. by
reason of ¦ his former - record. - Nothing
daunted, however, he applied to Chief
Warrant and Bond Clerk Peery for as
sistance. Perry has three deputies In his
office, and when District Attorney Bylng
ton / refused to' allow Peery to have a
bookkeeper the bond and warrant clerk
engaged. Sullivan as an assistant. In vio-;
latlon of the charter. Sullivan was paid
b^sj'^laVyjby.Peery,"';^^;.^ -»- .--'.,>.•, .4—^ -i
'."Under 1 the\ charter: '-alj 'bail ¦ money- and .
flnes'paidtlntc the Police' Courts j must" be
deposited^ with 'the j City, Treasurer. The
duty of accepting bail money devolves on
the .'chief .'warrant and. bond clerk, .who
gives a. receipt for the same to the party
furnishing the bail.
Previous to the charter going into force,
Sullivan made a ' living by helping the
clerks of ( the Police j Courts. . His expert
knowledge of bookeeping and his penman
ship stood him in ; good stead. In fact
his claim, to the ; title • of "Jim the Pen
man"' has; enabled him to' successfully
carry out one of the most daring and sys
tematic forgeries ' known In " this city.
Mayor Phelan's pet charter has not pre
vented Sullivan pfenning a • deliberate
coup to rob the city treasury and getting
away with the spoils. -
¦. Sullivan was .well known as a political
worker, and under "boss rule" he lived
on. the public treasury! after his exposure
as a member of. the Ciprico-Foss gang of
forgers. . ':
<,This gave! new, promise," and at once thS
tiny : bodyi was! painted ; all ; over: with ' cod
1 and; placed^ in* a* doll, carriage -belonging
to; an^ elder)sistef.': i A'* big - ; blanket -was
thrown^overi the i whole? affair. :-t A •} kero
"sene ; lamp j was j placed • belowi it, •¦ and - : a!!
placed L" near^at" stove. ;'; The i baby^ is^ fed
mllk,wlth' air'eye-dropper' every , half hour
A' 5 little ,, whisky,' is -occasionally j given 7 * itJ
It * is * believed > there Is no doubt . of it s
It showed faint sifms of 'life, so ifo
eisht hours \ longer" it was held before J a
hiot fire, and "all endeavors made to llghtei
the ' spark.*!'; After," all j hope; of . : saving '-, its
life had \ been i abandoned ; it "suddenly gave
a" lusty;, yell : that i. was) entirely, -out /."of
keeping^ with" the '< size of . the mouth from
which itemanatedir • ; . '? 'Ci - ¦ . .Si . ¦ :.;
', When j It was •: born : Dr. ' Donnelly, the
family.^ doctor,'- said ' that it ' had •• a '}. good
chance to live. ! ,Two tubs of water; ' : one
hot the other cold, were placed side • by
slde^ :'." Every i ten . minutes for.' three hour s
the ,body was ; placed" alternately In '. one
and theji the j other.'- .'¦ ¦''. .
u NEW TOBK,' March . 31.— Mrs. : Samuel
Smith of .Newark, -N./J., has given
birth to. what is believed to be the small
est, baby in' the country',. If not In* the
world. When the child was born,; about
two ;i weeks;ago, It weighed but!fourteen
ounces. ;., The , tiny, mite is the third chi'd
born ; to the Smiths. / The = eldest, : a ' , srtrl
of 4, ; ls.a perfectly formed and healthy
child." The second .was born ¦ with 'neither
arms' nor : legs.'' The little-: girl " born: In
March Is perfectly formed. " J . .-,'_-.
SMAIiLEST. BABE ''JN THIS ' -
OB, ? ANY OTHER OOUNTEY
When the, Ciprlco-Foss, gang of forgers
was placed under arrestin March,- 1S95/
Sullivan j was ; one of the crooks caught
in the Federal; dragnet. With the pros
pect of a long. term in San Quentln before
him; Sullivan turned State's evidence, and
his testimony helped to send' his former
partners In crime to the penitentiary.
The methods used by Sullivan to cash
the forged bail ; demands- ' required that
he should forge the names of the Police
Court Judges and also of Chief -Warrant
and . Bond . Clerk Charles S. , Peery, and
the '.' amount of money obtained from the
city treasury by the notorious swindler
¦will have to be made good by Peery, who
employed him. v.
Sullivan Escaped San Quentin in 1895
. r "As bookkeeper and . cashier , he had the
handling oi« many ' thousands of dollars
during the course of a week. Receipts
for ball • money are ; ¦ not demanded by
everybody. Thus a wide field is afforded
the experienced grafter, and Sullivan for
years -.was ':. regarded as the topnotcher
In, this class.'. He .never, could secure . a
municipal position through regular, chan
nels, ; but; police court clerks_ and others
¦who found':' their* limited hours of labor
irksome and - sought y surcease therefrom
by , hiring Dan; Sullivan to ;• keep ' their
books later found out -to their sorrow
¦what manner of , man he was. "Warrant
Clerk: Peery. is now calculating just how
much money, jj that he most.: confidingly
entrusted to his , missing ,' bookkeeper, - he
will have to. dig up. ¦ \ - '.'•-• - -
Dan was a' slick worker. He was ready
at any moment to do a' favor for an.ar
rested' person. His connection • with the
warrant and bond clerk's office gave him
a prestige fthat he; could not have other
wise enjoyed.' As a "squealer" '; he suc
ceeded in keeping out of jail and thereby
became a "persona grata" to Chief of De
tectives • Seymour. • • Many: a , tale he tol<*»
Bim," and many a : shady transaction he
unearthed' so long as it did not concern
himself ¦ \ ¦' -¦ [ ' :T "\ ', '
1 Now, Dan ! Is . among the < missing. \. ;¦ Hl3
ready pen helped him' on his way to climes
where extradition treaties ;are .unknown.
Police .Judges | who pride themselves on
the Improbability of forking their signa
tures : are . guessing . how j the * thing was
ehoujgrh. / Versed fin ,the' ways : of ;the[_Cit^
Hall -; and ; Hall of Justice, gifted with the
facility; to Jinitate . and [ practically .reprb;
duce, any Bignature, handling: bail moneys
for. Chief Bond and Warrant' Clerk Peery,
and with an open door in the city treas
ury, all he had . to S do was to "heft the
coin." ' The loose - methods prevailing . in'
the adjunct ; to the District Attorney's
office assisted him likewise.
Handled Thousands of Dollars. *
• V large sum of : money,' said" to ap
proximate $5000, that, belongs the un
fortunates that were compelled to put up
ball for their appearance,! after arrest, In
the Police Courts,' and' which was 4rawn
out upon orders that. ". even a Seymour-
Kytka expert: might declare .under photo-;
graphic enlargements" to be genuine 'sig
natures. ' ¦, .-¦• • .' ¦ '¦¦ .. ¦>'.»'.' .'"^ .¦¦•'•- -,'¦ - •.:
««^- AN ' SULLIVAN; smooth of face,
I '^V facile of pen, deputy in the "office
I- 7/-°f ¦•Warrant-; \ Clerk \ . Peery, \ Is
•*-""*^*f among the missing. ; So also is a
GENUINE AND FORGED SIGNATURES. OF POLICE JUDGE CONLAN AS THEY APPEAR ON ORDERS FOR
...BAIL MONET' PRESENTED TO THE CITY TREASURER BY "DAN" J. SULUVAN IN THE PAST FEW
. MONTHS 'AND DULY RECEIVED AND PAID. " "'•;,-, '
Signatures ; of Judges Forged to Authorizations for
• the Withdrawal ; of Bail Money and the Cash Is
Secured by an Employe of the Bond and Warrant Clerk
Fffi||||iitiajit
Coinniiffloper
¦lUiu; • yClVIlpt
Goes Below to Respue His
; CreW;lromr;FiTe|n tne^
Giintipat's^Hoici,
¦ CAVITE, 'March 31.— rFire was discovered
at,7 o'clock this' morning in the'sailroom
of the United States gunboat Petrel, Lieu-"
tenant • Commander Jesse M. - com-'
| manding. '¦'¦ The sallroom'.ls a small com-'
! par'tment ¦ , 'adjoining;? the magazine. ¦ The
heat was Intense, the 'smoke suffocating
and the flames difficult to extinguish. .
'" Lieutenant Commander; Roper ¦ was the
first to descend into the'.' hold,' but he was
forced to return to the deck.' Others then
went down. Seaman .Patrick -Toner was
prostrated and about' to : perish when
Lieutenant Commander. Roper endeavored
to. rescue him and was, suffocated sin the
attempt. ¦¦¦S"\\'-' &?f. ''.';•' H
Lieutenant JoslahS.' McLean and Cadet
Louis suffered severely Tin bringing the
body of Lieutenant \Commandef; Roper_ : to
the ; deck. Twenty-twoTof <• the 'crew were
prostrated, Toner;; Eyans;^ Flaherty, Lar
sen, Kessler, Cahey,' Burton, Smith;'Sulli
van and Forsboon< seriously ,~.but all will
recover. . ¦ f .'v_' : y-'i* • V " ; - -' . ; '
¦ The contents j of ;. the sailroom ; ,wef e de
stroyed, but ;thc; damage -toYthe gunboat
was slight. . The,' origin- of thVfire has not
been ascertairied:^Ppssibly/it"was a case
of spontaneous combustion.'.;^. ...... y
The j death '; of;!' Lieutenant
Roper is greatly. deplored. wHSs body will
be Sent toVthe- .United ; States* on April 5
by the Buff alb."*—-*? - J ~ *¦?/¦ " J . .•'-?, V "' ¦-
GIVES UP HIS
LIFE TO SAVE
PETREL'S MEN
EMPEROR NICHOLAS IS FIRED
UPON BY TREACHEROUS OFFICER
OF THE IMPERIAL HOUSEHOLD
„ ,, . ¦ ¦ :•--..¦
Bullet Intended for the Russian Ruler Misses Its Mark
and the Assassin Turns the Weapon Upon Himself
and Commits Suicide Before Arrest Can Be Effected
, - — ¦ ; '¦*¦ ¦ — : -"— — '—. : — *— *
CITY TREASURY IS LOOTED
OF FIVE THOUSAND DOLLARS
BY NOTORIOUS "DAN" SULLIVAN
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO: 122/
IITTTCV- - ; ; -^s&n^fr^^ aprh? i • '1901:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.DENVER, -March 311— A special to the
News , from : Gallup, , N." , Hex. , : pays . : • that
there jvere only. three^ men , in the .Weaver
mine 'at the time ; of the. explosioh'yestej
day.: It .was - thought '-" that : a number " of
Japanese 4 entombed, but ¦ this . seems
to : have -been ': a'mlstike.",- The three me V
two iwhlte ¦ and ; one- negro, were - killed,
as ¦ reported, -- and : the ¦ workings . of : the
mine, were "destroyed. " ; - , ¦¦ "
Thought and Death List Is
Not Heavy.
Fatalities No* So . Numerous as Wa3
WEAVER MINE DISASTER
CAXISED THREE LIVES LOSS
Completely Gutted by . Fierce
Conflakratioiu" ' •
NEW YORK, Match 31.— The HendriQ
Hudson Hotel, at Pkrkhlll, near. Yonkers,
was burned ' early to-day. * The - building
was to have been "ready for, occupancy
on May 1 and part of the furnishings had
been put in. , The cost of the structure
and furnishings was -. $150,000 and the
building was so thoroughly damaged by
the fire that the walls > had to be pulled
down. - The building is said to have been
the largest hotel on , ? the Hudson and
stood on 'the top of a hill 250 feet above
the' water. ;.¦ It was of. stone 'and brick
and had 'been lavishly; decorated. . • .
Largest Caravansary on the Hudson
SPLENDID NEW, HOTEL * -
/ DEMOLISHED BY FLAMES
RTTSSELL B. HARRISON
" TO RE-ENTER THE ARMY
Will' Be Reinstated Without Reflec
tion TJpon ; His Rscord as 'a
.- :¦].,',.; Soldier. ¦
WASHINGTON, • March ; 31." — Colonel
Russell B. Harrison, will return to .Washf
ington' to-morrow, and: it is said thathe
will be reinstated fn .the army, as ' lieuten
ant' colonel and inspector general ; of 1 vol
unteers - that he may be mustered In In
the :: regular way -without any reflection
upon his record -as a soldier. *•
\ President ¦¦ McKinloy, has ; been . much an
noyed • by. this affair , because ;.the action of
the War Department Is 1 calculated - to 1 re
flect j upon " him, as v» a s shown . by. General
Harrison accepting it* as " punishment:, of
his r son t for ' the ' political ' shortcomings f of
the 1 father, r The '. President ¦ has \ assured
Colonel ; Harrison .that he would | not | have
permitted' this ' action , to *be' taken " had he
known that * it was contemplated.
" NEW YORK, March 31.— Herbert Mahl,
who ' died at Sparteriburg, S. C, Saturday
was a son of William Mahl of ; this:. city,
wno was comptroller, of the Southern:Pa
cific" Company. Herbert, who, was 26 years
of age, had for the last six years been the
head of - the : department : of maintenance
of -way of .the Houston and Texas Centra!
Railway, with ¦ headquarters at Houston.
About a year ago his health gave way
and he was ordered to the Northwest, and
went as far as Spokane. No Improvement
coming, , he s went -south. ' The j father i le.tt
this city to-night for Spartenburg to bring
the body home. * '
Young. Man Who Died at . Sparten-.
. ' burg Was ; Also Prominsnt .
/Railroad Man.
MAHL'S FATHER SOUTHERN .
<• PACIFIC'S '. COMPTROLLER
Ex-Senator. Carter Bef overs.
•NEW -YORK. -March 31.— Ex-Senator
Thomas'lH. Carter of Montana; who was
ill Saturday" in. the Waldorf -Astoria."* was
reported to-nightto have quite recovered.
His malady was acute indigestion,
. •• .;:¦— m i \'
Four "New : Greyhounds.
BERLIN." April l-'-^-The , North TGerman
LloydfSteamship Company * has •; ordered
the construction of focr large steamers at
Bremen. - j
prevailing , in Northwest Texa3 in the
Panhandle. Reports from up the Fort
Worth and Denver road say snow began
tailing early, this morning and at 9 o'clock
was nearly^ four "inches on the level at
Quanah. The: thermometer registered 25
degrees above at Texline.r Above that
point the blizzard 13 worse, the snowfall
being accompanied by a fierce wind. The
«:torm will have a bad effect on .the cattle
interests in the Panhandle..
Snowfall Is Accompanied by Winds
'; and Heavy Damage to Stock
,. • ' Is Feared.-
FORT WORTH, Texas, March 31.— On*
of the worst blizzards of the season 1$
HEECE BLIZZABDv RAGING \
IN TEXAN- PANHANDLE
Daniel Patterson, wife of a mechanic, her
12-year-old daughter and Nellie Chase,
aged 14, all living in Cold Spring, went
for a walk. They stopped at Table Rock,
hall' way. up Breakneck Mountain, to
watch the forest fires burning on Crow
Nes t Mountain, across the river. Sudden
ly the Patterson child ¦ slipped and fell
over the cliff. The mother sprang for
ward to save the child and also fell owr
the rock. Nellie Chase became greatly ex
cited as she saw her friends go over, and
she. too. fell after them.
Table Rock Is 200 feet above tide water,
and the side of the mountain under It Is
very eteep. Nellie Chase fell in tha
branches of a large tree, and was unin
jured. The Patterson girl was found a
few feet away with a broken arm and a
bruised body. _ _•
Mrs. Patterson was found -farther down
the mountain, dead.- She bad fallen t at
least -100 feet, and was dashed ;; to death
on the rocky, side of the hill.
Little Girls Escape, One Uninjured,
but Mother Is Dashed to ,-.
Death. \
POUGHKEEPSIE. N. T.. March 31.—
Between 5 and 6 o'clock this evening Mrr:
WOMAN AND TT7O CHILDBEN
.PLUNGE OVEB PBECTPICE
• DUBLIN, March 31.— The funeral .' of
James Stevens; leader of the Fenian move
ment of 1S66, who died here last Friday,
took place to-day, the remains being" In-,
terred this afternoon in Glasneyln Ceme
tery in the presence of a great assemblage
of people. Including delegates from the
various Nationalist organizations
_¦ Michael Davltt - was among the pall
bearers. • The r coffin was - drawn . by six
horses with outriders ; and. covered • with
beautiful wreaths from political societies
An Irish flag floated over it. . - ¦_!
At the recuest of 'John Redmond, Na
tionalist leader in the House of Commons
Timothy Harrington, Lord. Mayor of Dub- (
lin; William Fields member of Paliament
for the St. Patrick's division of Dublin
and John J. ' Clancy, member for North
Dublin-county, .followed the hearse as
representatives ; of the 'Nationalist par
liamentary party. Mr. Stevens was burled
beside his wife in the Martyr's plot There
were no speeches or demonstrations
DLxon Boy the Winner.
. SACRAMENTO, March 31.— In the
coursing 'to-day DlxoniBoy won" th*e, re
serve stake. 'After, Me. second,: Wild : Rose
third." In' the open stakes Sacramento Boy
won,- J.L.R." second. Nonpareil third. ¦ It
wasoncof J the'besfday'fl coursing of tht
seasonal ' ¦ • .-, i /
' '\ . ¦ . ' ." /
leader, of Last Fenian Movement
Buried in Dublin Beside His
S Wife.
Marble Slab Bearing: Hero's Name Is
; Unveiled With Appropriate
'. ¦;-? Ceremonies.
LOUISVILLE, . Ky.. . March J 31.— The
Commercial says : The Town - Council of
Vigan, South Ilocos Island, has ordered
the name of the Grand Plaza of the. city
to be changed to "General Lawton Plaza "
Major John A: . Ballance has written* to
Mrs Lawton, who makes her home in
Louisville, the following account of the
affair: .
1 Mi VI S ALN f. South ' Ilocos '' p;i -' Ja nuary 1,
19Ol.-My . Dear Mrs. Lawton: > I am >on
duty with General Young and have charge
of civil affairs. The name of the plaza of
vigan has been changed to General Law
ton square The Alcalde has written me
an official letter to that effect and desires
me to Inform you. The Filipino people of
Luzon have a. high regard for General
Lawton, not only on account of his brav-
e l y *"¦*: **cause % of . the consideration he
showed them while occupying the country
The marble slab containing the name of
the square is to be unveiled to-day with
appropriate ceremonies, at which will be
present all the military persons and resi
dents of Vigan.
IRISH FLAG : FLOATS OVER
COFFIN OF JAMES STEVENS
PLAZA OF LTTZON NAMED
IN H0N0E OF LAW.TON
spectators 'witnessed*- the"' coursing/; here
to-day. - In" the I final ' of .the first' stake,~a
thirty- two-dog event opened last - Sunday;
Happy Butte - and >¦ Dick ? Li both : owned
by : Lyon ¦ & : Streckelbout.-. divided.*?- In the
complete ( event Storm | King r of I the I same
kennels .took the ¦ final ' over Modoc,* owned
by ;.M. '¦•* Casenalle, after - a" -sensational
p course.' .:^ ¦ '" ;*v; " / .'"::. : ~ ¦¦'¦;• ,
¦ '¦¦'•" ¦ ¦ / '-"--lilfsi
California - Breeding Establishments
; • Are Well Represented. .' ... ..
LEXINGTON.- Ky., March 31.—Secre
tary > Horace "Wilson of ,the' Kentucky
Breeders" Association officially, announces
that; 1379 mares have been named in ; the
rich Kentucky Futurity,; value '$21,000,' for
foals of 1901, which closed March 15. This
is 109 . less than were ; nominated - in : ' the
record-breaking ; list : of 1900, --but is ,in'it
self ; a • magnificent showing. " ¦ " '. ¦"- :. " ;'-:
Thirty-five States •, and - Tef ritories are
represented In the entry. The entries by
States contain the . following: Kentucky
576; -Illinois," 82; Montana, 55; California
47;- Indiana, 82; i Kansas,M9; Nebraska,. 16;
Texas,. 11; Missouri, 7;: Iowa, 5; Indian
Territory, 2; '. Colorado, 1; North Dakota,
1 ;^Arkansas, 1;, Arizona, I:.-: ¦::*;-.-... ¦= >5
.'•Among the nominators ' of ten . or more
mares are: Patchen Wilkes farm. Lex
ington, Ky., 60; Bitter Root farm,. Hamil
ton, Mont., 53; Walnut' Hall farm; Done
rail, Ky., . 42; ¦ H. : Schmulbach, Wheeling
and , Lexington, 40; Brook Curry;, vexing
ton, 33; . Hugh L. Asher,? Lexington, 25;
Cochran Bros., Lexington, 25; - J. • D.
Creighton. Lexington, 24; A.- S." Ashbrobk
Cynthiana, Ky.; 16; Scott", Newman ? Jr.,
Louisville, 12: Half Day farni.'Half Day,
111., 11; C.-.W. 1 - Williams, VGalesburg, 111
13; Palo Alto f arm. I Cal.;^ 20.
':••:¦- :• •:'}¦: . l_v- ,- --
Coursing * at ; Los .Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, March-31.— A ' tnousand
KENTUCKY FUTURITY ENTBIE3
LONDON, March 31.— The 'following bul
letin regarding the condition of the -Pre
mier was issued last evening: . .• ¦
Lord Salisbury was attacked with influenza
March 23. The ' illness has run the normal
course "and has been; attended : by jth<» ' usual
prostration. The . : temperature, however,' has
been almost normal for. the last two days and
his Lordship's strength is Improved; with in
creasing . power of taking food. ,; It « is hoped
that "'he will be able shortly to get a change
to the south, which he had been' contemplating:
at ' the time of the attack.;. ¦ .... ; .-.•.
DOUGLAS POWELL, :
H. R.. WALKER. .
Inquiries yesterday evening at the resi
dence of Lord Salisbury elicited the- reply
that Vhe was getting along well and was
stronger." r .
None of the private secretaries or others
In authority were accessible, but-the fore
going statement has. been prepared for
callers. ¦ ' . • . ¦ ". ¦- '¦- -.•.¦¦;.-:.-.'-. : '¦¦:¦
Arthur. J. Balfour. Government leader in
the House of Commons; went to Windsor
yesterday to visit King Edward, although
his Majesty only left London Saturday
afternoon. The visit. is supposed ;.to .have
had- some 'connection with Lord Salis
bury's -Illness. -.- Lord E. .- Cranborne. the
Premier's secretary, issues.- however, ¦ a
denial of this alarming suggestion; •:- ¦;,
The British Premier Is Now Conva
lescent After Serious Attack i
tvr 'S-v^V: °* Influenza. "• - .>
SALISBURY'S ILLNESS
?;&$*$ PAST ' CRITICAL STAGE
Sleight asserts that the discovery was
accidental. .When he returned from &
business * trip in the West last week he
observed his wife's nervousness. In her
sleep one night last week , she talked x>f
Myron and urged him to cease his atten
tions; 'The husband demanded an ex
planation - and - in ¦ jealousy quit his wife,
who ' insisted that it was all a dream
Relatives learned .the woman's, story; they
informed the husband and a reconcilia
tion followed.
Mr. Myron admits the: kissing part' but
says that in the dim light of the darkened
room he believed it was his. wife at the
gas .iet, and the. greeting expressed his* ioy
hecause she T/a?. able to be about. ..Mrs.
Myron is .a brunette and Ales. Sleight a
blonde. . Both wotnen are - tall, but Mrs
Sleight 5s plump, while Mrs. Myron is
slim and id«lieate. £ . ; ... •¦
According to Mrs. Sleight's story/ she
was preparing to light the gas in Myron's
dining room when Myron -came in. seized
her from behind arid kissed her twice. At
the urgent pleading of the kisser,. who. is
50. years old, about fifteen years' her
senior,. she refrained from complaining tq
Mrs. Myron, but "left" the 'house the next
day. The Myrons live in Monticellp. Mrs.
Sleight returned to " Paterson. She had
determined to keep the secret to
avoid scandalr siMgWBStV • »-.-¦.;_•.• - •¦
PATERSON, N~ J., March 31.— Harry C.
Sleight, a drummer, has brought suit in
the Circuit Court against Charles G..My
ron,: a, New York, provision, dealer, for
$1000, , which he. estimates as. the value of
two kisses stolen by Myron from Mrs.
Sleight while she was acting as nurse for
Mrs. : Myron. Before her 'marriage Mrs.
Sleight was a professional "nurse and Mrs.
Myron is an old friend; r
Special Dispatcfl to The Call.
' CAPE TOWN, March 31.— Seventeen
cases of bubonic . plague — four European
and thirteen colored— were .officially re
ported to-day.' ; r -- ; •--r T -. ; "-::W-
XONDON, April 1.— The War Office has
received advices from' Lord Kitchener,
dated Pretoria, March 30, reporting .the
capture of seventy-two Boers in Orange
River Colony, i and officially announcing
that General French has ; taken | fifty-six
prisoners and received ' the surrender of
ninety-three Boers, as already ; announced
in; p'ress dispatches. Lord Kitchener, also,
reports upon • the recent - wrecking 1 of
trains at sevral points. • \ - ¦
The . Amsterdam _ correspondent "of the
Daily/ News says: S "Dr. .Leyds .and his
colleagues have sent a private notifica
tion'to Mr. Chamberlain warning him that
a powerful combination of European and
American merchants Intend to .boycott
England's goods systematically until in
dependence ; Is granted to' the Boers." ¦
. The Cape Town , correspondent of the
Dally Mall, after referring to .the fact
that the Cape Government was compelled
last year to have recourse to the United
States and . Germany for locomotives and
trucks, says:
"."British manufacturers must wake up;
as further large orders for steel rails will
shortly be given out to relay the perma
nent way after the heavy war traffic.
There is also certain to be a big develop
ment in light railways in .outlying por
tions of, the colony."
. . . ¦ . ? — ¦
Spread' of the Plague.
Lord Kitchener Cables News
of Slight British
REPORTS CAPTURE
OF BOER PARTIES
New Jersey Drummer Sues
a "Man Who .Caressed
His Wife.
VALUES KISSES
AT HIGH FIGURE
tional Politics.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, March 31.—Munici
pal and township elections will be held
throughout Ohio to-morrow. The most
notable exception is that. of Cincinnati,
where a full ticket was elected one year
ago for tfiree years. Much Interest, how
ever, is taken here In the suburban elec
tions, as these places have persistently
opposed annexation. These local elec
tions have a bearing on State and na
tional politics. In which Governor Nash
and Senator Foraker. who are both can
didates for re-election, are taking an ac
tive part.
In some counties nominations for mem
bers of the Legislature are made by pop
ular vote at the April election. The Legis
lature that Is selected next November
will choose a successor to Senator For
aker. At the same election Governor
Nash will be a candidate for a second
term, and especial interest is being taken
at Columbus on" this account.
Taylor and Hlnkle arc the candidates
for Mayor at Columbus. H. C. Taylor is a
lifelong personal friend of Governor Nash
and presented the name of Nash ft the
State convention two years t.go when he
was nominated. On the result at Colam
bus to-morrow may depend Important re
sults for the Democrats, . also, as Hinklo
is the special friend of ex-Congressman
Lentz. who aspires to the Governorship.
In Cleveland ex-Conzressman Tom L.
Johnson Is making his start for the Seua
torship by running for Mayor, and in To
ledo Mayor Samuel Jones ¦ is running for
a third term.
Have a Bearing on State and Na-
ELECTIONS IN OHIO CITIES.
6 . __^_
IN A LETTER TO HIS CONSTITUENTS HERBERT ; GLADSTONE, SON
W THE LATE STATESMAN; MAKES. A BIT?TER ATTACK ON THE
POLICY OFv.COLONIAli SECRET ARY CHAMBERLAIN.- - " ' J -
NEW YORK. March 3L-For removal of
the stomach an operation was performed
last Saturday in Newark, N. J., it being
the sixth of its kind which has been made
In the United States.- D. G. Bodman of
83 Third avenue, who was tha subject. Is
nearly 59 years, old. In spite of hisf ad
vanced age he rallied and is now on. the
road to recovery.
;Mr. Bodman was taker, ill seven monlh3
ago with what was ai the time diagriosod
as dyspepsia by his family physician. Dr.
Frank S. Carpenter. He grew' steadily
worse arid Jt was evident. that a malignant
growth had formed in the stomach. The
patient in the last three months lost fif
teen -pounds In weight/ ¦ v
?v, Dr- ? J arp i enter obtained the consent M
L^.WMnt to an operation. Dr. Wilfred
G. Fralicki'of 778 Madi-jon' avenue 1 ; this
city, was called in consultation and 'it wa-*
decided to operate. The operation was
performed by Dr. Fralick, assisted by Dr
Carpenter, Dr. Ralph S. Fralick of New
lork and Dr. George C. Connett of Mor
ristown, N. J.
It was found that a tumor had forme-J
In the stomach. The organ was contract
ed to about half of its normal size and
considerably hardened. After taking up
the blood vessels connected with the
stomach the operation was begun
It was not intended at first to perform
so radical an operation as the removal
of the entire^ organ." As the examination
progressed, however, the surgeons saw
that there -was nothing to be done but re
move it practically entire.
More than two-thirds of the stomach
was taken out and the ryloric and oeso
phageal ends were joined. A part of tha
membrane was used in effecting the union.
A small tube was thus formed in which
some of the glands of the stomach still
remained. In the course-of a month it is
likely that, this portion of the organ may
receive Mod. although it; is doubtful if
the glands will perform their functions
The stomach was a solid mass, which
was cut with difficuity. This remnant not
removed was dropped back in the abdom
inal cavity and the usual dressings were
applied. The patient will live on-prefll-
Bested food introduced directly into the
intestines. ¦ * ¦ •¦-
» — —
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Surgeons Remove Portion
of Patient's Digestive .
Apparatus.
LACKS THE USE
OF A STOMACH
fied in April.", . . • . .
The Yokohama correspondent of the
Daily Mail, -who records various Indica
tions of preparations for war on the part
of the Japanese, says: "Interviews -have
appeared with prominent; statesmen, all
breathing the war spirit and expressing
the. general opinion that It Is impossible
to , allow Russia a free hand ' In Man
churia.' This is the gravest crisis, .from
the point of view of Japan, since her war
with China." ' ,
According to a dispatch from St. Peters
burg- to .the Daily Mail, the Koreans at
Sa Maru, a frontier town, recently - re
pulsed an attack by 200 armed Chinese.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 31.— The St.
Petersburg. Novosti, unlike most Russian
journals, professes to see no occasion for
rivalry between Great Britain and Russia
for China. . <:, r ¦¦, .. • .,
"The legend of Anglo-Russian indem
nity, " It says; "rests upon a crude mis
understanding. Russia's natural spheres
do not touch England's in the Yangtse
valley." , v -' , •• .
due yielding/
"The result of the, Issue of the first In
stallment of the Beoul-Fusan railway
loan testifies to the extent of the patriotic
enthusiasm^ ' The amount was- covered
many, times ovejrwith subscriptions, from
rempta rutfal districts, in spite of r the ex
treme'- tightness of the money' market. 1 * ;
'"There Is reason' to believe," says 'the
St. Petersburg correspondent of the Dally
Mail, "that the Manchurian convention
between Russia and* China, will be rati-
LONDON, April 1.— "Japan has made
representations to St. Petersburg against
the Manchurian convention," says a dis
patch to the Times from Tokio, dated
Saturday, "but the result is not yet
known." Japanese public opinion is very
strong , on the subject. The" Cabinet is
prudent and pacific, but impressed by the
national enthusiasm, which is certain to
become uncontrollable if there is any un-
Popular Desire . to Fight the
Russians May Become
Uncontrollable.
WAR SPIRIT RUNS
HIGH IN JAPAN
LEAGUERS WILL
LEAVE IN JUKE
Three Hundred -Will. Start
From Kansas City r Early
in -the -Month.
! KANSAS CTTT. Mo.. March 81.—Be
1 tween 300 and 400. members of the Ep
1 worth League will leave Kansas City to
gether in the early part of June to attend
the International convention of the or
ganization, which will meet In San Fran
cisco. June 18. .
j A number of leaders representing th©
leaders of the Methodist Episcopal church
of the Kansas City. Carthag-e, Spring
field, Setlalia. * and Farmlngton districts
was held in Bolivar ' to-night. W. N.
Grant, president of the Kansas City dis
trict, presented the subject to them and
urged that all leaguers from Missourt
south of the Missouri River make the trip
through together. His proposal was fa
vorably acted upon, and Mr. Grant was
1 authorized to^range with • tho railroad
companies for special rates.
The delegation which will start from
Kansas City will be the largest body of
leaguers that ever went to an Interna
tional convention together.
BOUQUET FOB, THE PRESIDENT.
San Jose Ladies Preparing a Ham
moth Floral OfEering.
SAN JOSE. March 31. — The . women's
auxiliary of the Carnival of Roses execu
tive committee is soliciting flowers from
all parts of the county for the great bou
quet which will be tendered to President
McKinley. It -will be the largest bouquet
of cut flowers ever made and will contain
a specimen of . every blossom and every
fern the county grows. This huge assort
ment of flowers will be" placed on a pedes
tal in St. James Parki directly oppositef
the reviewing stand, where the President
will see the parade, and will be given to
him after the ceremonies by a committee
of ladles.
Mrs. E. O. Smith has been named a.=i
chairman of this committee. Mrs. A. E.
Shumate and Mrs. H. D. Matthews were
yesterday appointed as a committee to
visit every/town in the county and see
that the ladles are aroused to do every
thing possible to make the carnival a suc
cess. Each town is expected to furnish
an arch for St. James Park and assist in
the floral decorations.
A souvenir of the carnival la belns pre
pared to be presented to the President. It
will contain views of the city and valley,
portraits of the various committees, pho
tographs of the floats and of the first day
of the carnival. *>"
Count Cassini at Hampton.
NORFOLK, Va., March 31.— Count Cas
sinl, Russian Ambassador at Washington,
and party were received to-day on tha
new Russian cruiser Variagr, in Hamp
ton Road*. They expressed themselves
delighted with the vessel. She will be
fully coaled and stocked with supplies for
her "long voyage to Russia, probably be
fore to'-morrow night: The Embassado*
later visited the Soldiers' Home at Hamp
ton, and to-night left for New York.
LONDON, March 31.— The attack
made, by Herbert ; Gladstone,
I member of J'arjiament for "West
Leeds, upon the apathetic policy
of the Government, and his vig
orous indictment of the> measures for
which he holds Colonial Secretary Cham
berlain : particularly responsible, has
caused a tremendous sensation through
oat the country. '. £; ->4 :
It was apparently. Gladstone's purpose
i to arouse ' the Liberals from a sense of
false security and move them to "ac^. Im
mediately and with the strength. of union
against the present weak management of
. .the. party directing- the destinies- of— the
nation. . In this he has succeeded. The
Liberals have already manifested a will
• ingness to make a forceful attack on the
defective portions » of .the Government
fabric, and, if possible, to extricate the
Conservatives from some of the ; difficul
ties into which, they have fallen, v. .
' The practical abolition of the House: of
Lords has become a question of widest in
terest. It is; not known yet whether the
King may -be forced : to comply with, the
demands of the Liberals or if a frank ap
peal to the people may not serve the pur
- pose. ." '¦.:.-. .: .
»
First Pacification, Then Self-
Go vernment, Says Pitz
hugh Lee.
OMAHA. March 3L— General FItzhugh
Lee for the first time since his retirement
from the army has given expression to his
views with regard to the future of Cuba.
The occasion was tie- banquet given in his
honor at the Omaha. Club. After referring
to: his service as Consul General and in
the army in that island he said:
More than ever must there be an exercise
of patriotism in its hig-be-st sense by the citi
zens of the United States. The ship of state
has extended its sailing cbart to parts of the
vorld undreamed of until recently as being
tn its ccurse. The . Philippines are ours by
treaty and their future, so far as th^e United
£tate* is concerned, should be duly determined
by Congress after, and not before, the armed
resistance to the authority of the United States
r<a» ceased. The splendid exploit "of Fciiston
throws a brilliant light upon the coming, path
or' peace.
Porto Rico is ours by con<jnest. while Cuba
has its status fixed by the Teller resolution
in the act declaring war against Spain. Un
der that resolution th« -United States dls
olttms any intention of 'exercising soveretenty,-
J-.irh'diction or control owr the island of Cuba,
oeept for the pacification thereof, and when
that is accomplished the government of the
if-'and should be turned over to its own peo
ple. - That solemn declaration, is binding on
the Government, and. in. my opinion, would
bf and should be rigidly adhered to.
The expenditure of treasure and blood, the
dead ; American- solcHers- and sailors, tha geo
giaphical location- of the island, the large in
terests held by the Americans. Spanish. Eng
lish. German. French and; Indeed, the Cubans
t 'K-mselves, demand that, the island should not
ot.ly be pacified, but be permanently pacified.
The pledpe of the United States does not de
rr.end that American control or supervision be
absolutely- withdrawn If 'the United States.
f rein -evidence before the 1 proper department,
bflleves that the Cubans . will , fight among
themselves before or shortly after the Ameri
can soldiers now in Cuba stack their musket^
on American jsoil. , ... - ;
The war -was waged to make - Spain with
draw Its land and naval 'forces from Cuba
and .relinauish its authority on the island.
That havinr been accomplished, the United
States is now concerned In upholding Its
solemn pledge of pacification in the interest
°Cuba will agree in time to the conditions
imposed by the Platt amendment in the inter
ests of Its own Independence and In order that
the -United States can. faithfully maintain the
pledged pacification of" the island.
Thirtr-one meiribers were < elected, or rather
selected, from the whole. Island to constitute
a constitutional convention.- When its -work
is completed the organization of a government
fhould follow, and when that is accomplished
the jurisdiction and control of the- island will
undoubtedly If* turned over to. the Cubans.
The ' foreiKTJ and other property' holders want
protection and peace. ' The majority of Cu
bans., constituting the. .agriculturists, are ap
parently Ignorant that a convention Is in ses
ftion, and It is most difficult to make them
vote on the question. As many portions of
China did not know a war was in progress
¦w-ith Japan, so many Cubans pay no atten
tion to the war of words of the convention.
The Cuban ex-mldlers are active and more or
less excited. When the time conies to fill the
povernment offices they, will be heard Of
"often and early."'
Ct»ba> future will be determined by Cuba's
Ftatesn-.anship. Should the collective Cuban
wisdom be auf ficient to- keep the craft ' afloat
on the waters of prosperity, ana establish, .a
stable government strong enough to protect
life and property a»d give confidence to.capi
tal there will be no disposition on the part
of the United States to interfere: but. if the
government problem - v cannot be* solved | after
a fair trial- by. the ..Cubans, the future destiny
of the "smile of the sea 1 ' will be forever con
fided to the care of the great American
republic,.- - - ¦ ¦ ¦ -
CONSUMPTION OF WHISKY
STEADHiY ON THE INCREASE
President of Kentucky Distilleries
Tells the Cause, of Sensational
t, . Advance in .Price. t
LrOUISVILLE. . Ky. , March * 31.— Edson
Bradley, president , of [the' Kentucky Dis
tilleries and "Warehouse Company; S: 'M.
Rice, president of the Distilling Company
of America; A. W. Krech andCC Dem
lngr of New: York and William F*Harflty
of Philadelphia,, the latter three members
of the executive committee of the Distil
ling Co'mpany of America, spent to-day in
Louisville, having come from Peoria. 111.,
on a. tour ot Inspection of the property be
longing to the Kentucky Distilleries and
"Warehouse Company. To-morrow ~ they
¦will po to Frankfort and will* return East
Tuesday night. . -
To-morrow the party will Inspect the
distilleries owned by the Kentucky Distil
leries and Warehouse Company. Their
vi«sit has no significance said Mr. "Brad
ley to-day. Mr. Bradley was asked to.ac
count for the sensational advances in the
prices of whisky held by his company. .
"Prices advanced." he replied, "because
the conditions of the market warranted it.
I anticipate a further advance in all fine
whiskies. It will not surprise me to see
some Kentucky bourbons go to 5125 per
gallon — In fact, some are selling at and
above that figure now. V
•'There is a shortage of Kentucky whis
kies In bond. That accounts for the' strong
condition of the market- "Whisky, con
sumption is steadily on the Increase and
the shortage in certain ages buoys .up the
market. The crop made by the* Kentucky
Distilleries and Warehouse Company will
not be much In excess of 12,000,000 gallons.
That is not an overproduction, but on the
contrary it la very conservative."
¦ m ¦ ¦ ,
A Month's Test Free.
. If you have Dyspepsia. write Dr.Shoop, Racine,
Wls.,box l!7,£or six bottles Dr.Shoop's, Restora
tive. Exp.paid. Send no money. Pay J5.50 If cured*
well, Mr. Secretary, even then It
seems that the cash holdings of the treas
ury will be increased by some 520,000,000
between now and June 30. Are you will-
Ing to state -whether you, would or could
do anything to relieve general - affaire
should they be adversely affected by the
tie-up of money In the treasury?"
"There a,re only two methods open to
get surplus funds owt - of-- the treasury
vaults. One is to increase treasury de
posits In national depositories; the other
is to buy United States bonds. The latter
Is more 'consistent with ' Government in
terests than the former, since In buying
bonds interest on the public debt is by so
much stopped. The department, however,
would not feel justified in buying bonds
other, tfcan thos,e which will mature ¦ and
become subject to payment within, the
PLEDGE TO CUBA
MUST BE KEPT
High Bates for Bonds.
WASHINGTON, March 31.— Secretary
Gage was questioned to-day as to his
probable action with respect to the cash
accumulations in the treasury; and par
tlculartyas- td whether he contemplated
buying bonds for the sinking fund. : : :
"The country would like to know," it
was stated to. the Secretary, /.'whether thej
accumulation j of. money; In the treagur^/
which seems to be going on, will not op
erate to the prejudice, of generaiibuslness
affairs. J Your estimate is that there- will
be a surplus of receipts over, expenditures
for the fiscal -year ending June 30 next of
about eighty million dollars. 'Your state
ment published yesterday shows that
some ¦*40,OOO;OOO of" that sum' already "had
been realized. This would.. indicate that
within , tne next . three ' months > $40,000,000
mort of cash .will be gathered -intd 4lie
treasury from the general' money mar
ket."
"The estimates you speak of," replied
Secretary Gage, "were made before the
last session of. Congress and have "been
modified by events and by Congressional
action. ; It Is not now contemplated 'that
the year's surplus will be over 560,000,000.
A falling off in receipts or larger dis
bursements than have been estimated
may also further modify the effect to
which you point."
"To put the matter in a nutshell— if it be
a choice between buying bonds at an arti
ficial price and letting funds accumulate
In'the treasury, the "latter will occur, nor
will the department advertise for'offer
ings of bonds. To do so I am satisfied
would be fruitless in results. If; how
ever, the department can from time to
time buy the short t>onds at' an investment
rate realizable to the investor who buys
the'new 2-per cents, : it will not hesitate
to do so, should the present market price
for the nevr- twos remain about «x>n the
present basis.*.' ....
next seven years. At a proper ; price it
would no doubt be willing to buy these,
and thus relieve the treasury from a sur
plus, which, as you assume, might under
some conditions be prejudicial to; general
business affairs.'' At the present quoted
rates for the-short- b.onds-1. do not think
the Secretary would be justified in buying
Jtonds: The fives at the present price
.yield an- investment return of only 1.03 per
f the short fours -1.61 per -cent; the
3 oer cents. of 1908 J.34 per cent, while the
new .2" per cents at their present price
yield a; higher investment return of L73.
per cent. Now, it is I well known and an
acknowledged, fact that a long-time Gov 1
ernment bond, everything else being equal,
Is" worth' relatively " more than a short
time bond. The present disparity to the
contrary Is; therefore," illogical "If not" airti-'
flcial, and at their present price the Sec
retary, will, not buy them.", . .,_... .
...... Will Let. Funds Accumulate.- -
"As an alternative, would you not in
crease the aeposit of public moneys ¦with
the banks?"
, "No. That would aggravate in some
particulars the situation to which I have
just re/erred. To qualify as depositories
the banks would have, to buy and deposit
bonds. The «ftect would be to set up. a
competition by the aid of the Government
against the Government . in' the purchase
of the securities already abnormally high.
"We are now advancing toward ¦ a period
of , the. year * when there is apt to.be a
money plethora instead of scarcity, so I
do not see that it will do any particular
harm if money accumulates in the treas
ury. The reduction on taxation will, when
it becomes operative, partially or wholly
cureithe present tendency toward-a-con
gestion In the treasury. .
NO CHANNEL NOW OPEN
TO TREASURY SURPLUS
, — ¦ — .
Secretary Gage Declares That Rather
Than! Bid in Bonds at Abnormal
Rates He Will Let Funds Accumulate
GLADSTONES FIERCE INDICTMENT
ROUSES LIBERAL TO ACTION
Tremendous Sensation Is Caused by the Vigorous Attack
on Chamberlain by the Son of the Late Celebrated
British Statesman in .a Letter to His Constituents
Ohio, Man's* Novel Method
of Dodging Passenger
Fares.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY. March 31.— L. F- Hoon
of Bell Center, Ohio, recently found him
self In straitened circumstances in Den
ver, and' he conceived the novel method
of saving railroad fare as far as Kansas
City on his way to his Buckeye home.
Hoon became the subject of an Itinerary
hypnotist in Denver and before coming
to this city was hauled through the
streets in a wagon while under the power
of the professor. He picked up a few
dollars in this way and this manner of
earning a livelihood suggested a plan for
getting back East. An old schoolmate.
John W. Hannum, cashier of one ol tne
largest business houses in this city, re
ceived a letter stating that he (Hoon)
would send his friend an express pack
age on a certain date. On that day.Hoon
himself walked, into the store, much to
Ilannum's surprise. *. . 7~--,.
Hoon had been placed under the influ
ence of a hypnotist for twenty-foyr. hours
and was shipped to this city as an ex
press package, awakening at the e x P'. r ,*:
ticjn of the time fixed, by the hypnotist
and breaking his way out of the box In
accordance with plans which he had care
"Without. telling Hannum of the plan he
had formed Hoon said that the package
he had sent him had been broken open
and the contents stolen. Hannum and
Hoon presented a claim to the Wells.
Fargo & Co. Express Company for $2o.
Hoon left for his home In Bell Center,
instructing the .express company to settle
his claim with Hannum. He made the
claim more in fun than anything else.
The express people, however refused to
either pay the claim or to let the matter
drop and yesterday tho manager waited
upon Hannum and informed him that his
investigations had shown that Hoon nim
self was the package for whose loss he
had presented . a claim for ?2o.
SHIPS HIMSELF
BY WELLS-FARGO
» —
Squadron of the North Atlantic Awaits
Orders to Steam to the. Trouble
some South American Republic
Special Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1M1. by the Herald Publishing
• Company. „
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico. March 21.—Ac
cording: • to advices "received" here to-day
by the steamer Philadelphia a rebellion
in Venezuela is sure* to occur. It is con
sidered 2 certain that . Generals Andrade
and Pietrl will take advantage of the re
call of Minister Loomis to upset the Gov
ernment:
. The Nortbf Atlantic squadron. Rear Ad
miral* FarquhsCr commanding." arrived off
San Jua,n last evening. -The United States
special vessel Uncas, Chief Boatswain J.
W. McLaughlin. delivered the mails and
the squadron lay to all night, proceeding
to-day .for Culebra. Islands*, where orders
are expected by Admiral Farquhar direct
ing 1 the squadron " to . go to Venezuelan
waters. .' .•"'.' ¦' „
The Venezuelan Consul here believes
that' President Castro will make conces
sions and so avoid a war with \ne United
States. Governor Allen sailed to-day for
New York. - , •• .
WASHINGTON, March 31.— In order to
expedite, the arrival of Minister Ixjomia
In this country, Secretary Long has in
structed* the Scorpion to convey that dip
lomat to San Juan, where he will take
a steamship for J<£w York.
The report which Minister Loomls will
make to the State Department will have
much to do with the determination of
the attitude of the United States toward
the South American republic. The ad
ministration is deeply irritated aver Ven
ezuela's conduct, and h.as concluded that
the time has arrived for this Government
to assert Itself and require respect and
proper treatment " for American agcnt3
.and American citizens. ' **"*
Mr. Loomfs* withdrawal" In " Itself Is an.
Indication of the displeasure . of thej
United States, and Venezuela will un-1
doubtedly so receive it. Senor Pulidoj
Venezuelan Charge d' Affaires. slncerel>j
regrets that any differences have aris?"^
between the two governments arfd ha ta
energetically working to restore the
friendly relations that hitherto . existed.
THE SAJtf tfRA^CISCOj CAJLIi,, J.MONpAT, APRIL. 1, 1901.
GUYS MAY THREATEN
venezuela's ports
2
> ; : To Prevent Pneumonia and Grip. : ?
Laxative • Bromo-Qujhine removes" the cadge, •
'Easter.; Cards now /on* sale'; iniArt-'De-
•partment.* 7 Sanborn, : Vail & Co.-,; 741 Ma r-
ket'street. . ; ¦¦ : . ¦'•'
AD^RTISEMENTa
The Only Way to Get a Com-
plete Cure for
Catarrh, Deafness,
&/ \^\PM1QL£?7 Throat
¦ IS TO TREAT IT ANnSEPTICLY.
The only way to do this la with the Cotttax-
ham NEW ANTISEPTlCilETHOD. Inventad
'°Dr! COTTlNGHAm,
Exnert on EAB. NOSE. THROAT and LUNO
: ... •. DISEASES.
2O4 Sntter St., NVV. Cor. of Kearny,
FREE— Absolutely fr«e Examination and on» 1
week's treatment given to convince you o(th« J
•uperior merit ot thl* new treatment. SOOOtese I
cases, 93 p*r cent cvtred- Try It FREE and b» I
convinced while yotycan. Call at onc» or writs.
dvisr? OR- JORDAN'S srcat^
{MUSEUM OF ANATOHY*
i g ¦ >• £fc . loasujost sa m. fti ifti. sjt.cu. d
T Qr / Tho U>;;tu AD««olaU M asnm m Uw \
A _£jj& *' World. V» eUKiw o» any csntneted 4
Y &gp0> divrMa prTltl'elT «wr«4 ny the oldcii V
d I&M\ C«.«ORi3rtH-f1?r*&T5 DISEASES^
\ 7^X/&2 Cramiutto tnt> ind itrittlT prtr%t& \
m 1 liifm Trtitmsnt p«non«!ly or bf letter. A g
\ 3 T \19 /MhMm(Wstarfsryc*Muadsrtak«i!. \
Mmeam> Write for Book. PMlt,O^OI>»Tf «»J
V * i 1™ SIA»«IA4S«. MAltBO FRM. (A f
1 t A .. I], ¦' Mluable boo* fa* mrn) • '• -A
9 j»& JTOBD A31 4t €•.. 1061 Market ac, A *. f
DH.METERS&CD. M§fo
Special! ""ts, DI3- *
ease and "Weakness ft5%
of men. Estab- SjW
Ushed 1881. Consul-, &M X^Yf i
tation and privata \rSft. I /-A I
book free, at offi.-s 'TSal-i "Was
or by mail. Cures Rwl^ltgry'
Market street (efe- l^^SSfcwfi*
Tator entrance^ XJ «V jn^Bak-
San Francisco.
• ¦ - _____ ¦ ¦— — — -^_ ' *"*¦ '"
BAD WAI'S KBADV BKLlKJb* has stood
unrivaled before the pujlte for W years m 4
Pafn Remedy. It Jnst»^Oy reUeve» and quickljt :
<rure» all Colds, Sore Throats. Influenza. Bron-*
chltia. Pneumonia. Rheumatism. Neuralgia. .;
Headache, Toothache and all pain. IntetTially '
I tor Malaria and all Bpwel Palos. All drugg-U- 1EUREKA, March 31.— B. F. Durphy. who
sold the Vance plant to "A. B.- Hammond
and who is yet in his employ, was arresteJ
to-day by officers from Oregon on a
charge' of bigamy. He was taken away
on the Pomona this morning.- This is the
culmination of the troubles of Durphy and
his former wife. He has been twice ar
rested here for alleged, offenses growing
out of the same matter -and freed upon
preliminary examinations. . '
Arrested on Bigamy Charge.
"E. C. Mclntyre' : is my cousin, and
Mme. Nordica. Is my sister. I had lost
track of my .mother, and had not seen
her since the death of my father, sixteen
years ago." .'
¦ Ehler formerly lived ' in • Harrodsburs 1 .
Ky., and was active in'polltlcs there, hav
ing stumped the State: for Taylor when
h em ran against Goebel for Governor.
Finally E. C. Mclntyre of Indianapolis
was engaged by the > singer to find the
missing man. Mclntyre searched through
many States, and at last, - coining - tc
this vicinity, he heard that a traveling
photographer, answering ¦ the description
of Ehler, had been plying his trade in the
neighboring towns. He inserted an ad
vertisement in.a local paper telling of th.->
fortune that had come to H. B. Ehler bv
the death 'of his mother and. seeking in
formation of him.- ; " ¦¦/¦• . - ¦
While reading the paper last night In
a hotel here Ehler . saw the article. He
appeared to be overjoyed at the news of
his good fortune, and boarded the first
train for New York to get his share of
the estate. Before leaving he said:
The will provided that the money shouU
be held in trust until the whereabouts of
H. B. Ehler. son of the dead woman and
brother of Nordica, : became known, and
then the fortune was to be equally divided
between the brother and sister. The man
who was missing was formerly an opern
singer, but excessive use of his voice
caused an impediment in his vocal j or
gans, and he left the stage. This was sev
eral years ago, and since then he has been
following the occupation of a traveling
photographer. Nordicahad lost. track of
her brother, and after the death of her
mother she b«?gan a search to find him.
ALTOONA, Pa.. March 31.— By the find
ing, through a newspaper advertisement,
of H. D. Ehler, who says he is her broth
er, Mme. Nordica, the famous singer, it
is said, will come into half of a fortune
of $300,000 which was left by her mother,
who died in Mexico ; on February 20. .*,
Special • Dispatch to The Call.
Mme. Nordica Benefits by
a Double Stroke of
Good Luck.
SIXTY-MILE CANAL
TO BE OPENED TO-DAY
Largest Irrigation "Waterway in" the
World in Readiness for Opera-
tion Near Turns.
PHOENIX. Ariz. March 3L— The Im
perial Canal, the largest irrigation canal
in tbe world, will be opened to-morrow
and the waters of the Colorado turned in
at the headgates below Yuma. The canal
is sixty miles In length and is navigable
to email boats, which will be used for
carrying freight to ranchers along the
route. . -•.;.¦-*
FINDS BROTHER
AND A FORTUNE
SAX BERNARDINO, March 31.—Infor
mation reached here to-day of what will
probably terminate in a fatal shooting
affair between two mining men in the
Ballarat gold mining district, 200 miles
northeast of this city, near the San Ber
nardlno-Inyo County line.
"Jack" McCauley and Allen Phelps were
engaged in playing a game of poker witn
eight other miners, when an argument
arose over who should deal the card-;.
The matter was left to the crowd, aa-1
it was voted that McCauley should have
the deal. This decision made Phelps an
gry, and, whipping from his pocket a
large revolver, he challenged McCauley
to fight. The latter refused, whereupoi
he was shot by Phelps. The bullet, nrcJ
across the table, entred McCauley's left
side and ranged upward, carrying with it
a piece of clothing, which the attending
physician fears will cause blood poisoning.
At last reports his condition was critical.
After the shooting Phelps expressed a
desire to surrender to an officer, but as
yet he has not been taken into custody
because the wounded man refuses to
make a charge, saying he does not wish
to prosecute. - ¦ ',-¦--,
At the outbreak of the war with Spain
Phelps and McCauley were young farm
hands near Oklahoma City. O. T. They
enlisted with Roosevelt's Rough RIde.-s,
«.nd saw active service in the Cuban cam
paign*, .during which time they were In
separable. Upon being mustered out, the
comrades came west to seek their fortune,
and " after an unsuccessful prospecting
trip Into the San Bernardino Mountain?
they went to work for the Consolidate 1
Gold Mining Company, in whose employ
they were at the time of their probably
fatal quarrel.
Former Rough Riders Have
Quarrel and One May
Lose His Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BULLET ENDS
THE POKER GAME
Ivan Tschernoff, a clever Russian with
an excellent canine act. Is the beadliner
at thp Orpheum this week. Fuller. Holier
nnd Burke are new names. Marie Wain
wrirht is in her final week, and "A Girl
of Quality" and Burt Shepard are among
other good holdovers.
• • • •
William McDonald, Mullaly sisters, Ma
bel Martin, De Camp and Murdock, the
Melvern family. Tom Mack and Hinrichs'
orchestra are Fischer's entertainers this
week. The engagement of the late basso
Lorena Atwooti will have opportunity to
exercise her talents in a new field as the
Empress Faustina, and another favorite
member of the company. Miss Fay Court
ney, will be seen as Xeodimla, the gladi
ator's daughter. The settings will be un
usually elaborate, and no effort will be
spared by the management to make the
Engagement an artistic success. "Ingro
mar" will be rext produced, and "Vir-
KinJus," "Julius Caesar." "Othello" and
other standard plays will follow.
• • • • r
"The Little Minister" Jto-night begins its
second week at the Columbia Theater. Be
ginning Monday evening next Miss
Blanche Walsh, supported by a strong
company, will present "More Than
Queen," a picturesque play founded on the
tragic love affairs of the Empress Jose
phine. The scenes are of unusually splen
did description. Including realistic pict
ures of the grarden of the Palais Royal,
the Chante Reine. the garden of the Mal
maison, the Tjiileries, Notre Dame, St.
<"loud and Fonlalnbleau. The reappear
ance of this favorite actress hag aroused
ttrongr interest among the playgoers.
' . • _ ' • • ';¦ • ¦ ».
"The Weeding Day" at the Tivoli still
holds Its own against all rival attractions
end will remain the bill for another «£x
nights. With next Saturday evening be
pins the new bill, "The Idol's Eye," one
of the big comic opera successes of last
season, with Hartraan as Able Conn, and
"Hoot Mon" Wheelan in his big part as
the Scotchman.
• • •
The Alhambra and California are dark
for the week, the Alhambra Indefinitely
olosed and the California to open Sunday
evening. April 14. with Neil Burgess in
•'The County Fair."
• • •
"Tennessee's Partner," a dramatization
"f Bret Harte's story, will be the attrac
tion at the Alcazar this week. It will be
cast to the full strength of the Alcazar
company.
Robert Downing engraerement
I at the Central Theater begins this
I evening with an elaborate produc
iL .tion of "The Gladiator." the trage
dian's most successful effort. Rob
ert Cummings. a clever legitimate actor,
will support Mr. Downing during his en
gagement at the Central, and the stock
company has been further strengthened.
. Pyrograptiy. Machines, 3kins for burning
'and " wooden 'novelties. .New- lot "¦ and "low
prices. ¦ Sanborn, ; .Vail & » Co., 741 > Market I
street.' - .' • • ' ' - •.;•]
GRASS VALLET.v March . 31.'— John F
Kidder, State Debris -Commissioner,' is
very low..* and may j live « but a'! few hoursJ
He lapsed into unconsciousness yesterday
and is , breathing : heavily.'" He ' does i not
utter a word and shows no signs of rec
ognizing any of his family.'Dr. Jones and
the nurse say that -while he;may live
three or four days, he may pass off . any
minute.. His disease Is diabetes, coupled
with a general breaking down:- " , -
Alleged Murderess Killed.
• LOUISVILLE, * March - 3L— Denver/ At
klns;'. known in ¦ Louisville as j Pearl \ Priced
¦was struck a blow on the cheek to-day. by
Oscar i Dockans, which, while , not ¦ hard
knocked- the .woman ; off •.¦ her i feet and
caused her ¦ • death ¦;. a > few hours -: ; later
through a blood .; clot ; at ; the base "of ; th"
brain. After the .woman- died ,' a' friend of
hers declared' the dead woman'was'want
ed at Little<Rock for killing:. Ethel- House
Dockans .was arrested. •¦• ,\ ¦ .;-- :"
State Debris Lapses
. Into ITnconsciousneEs arid May
. Die in a Short Time.
KIDDEB'S CONDITION . " '
; NOW MORE SERIOUS
" ciety's Fair, Grounds.
SAN JOSE, March 31.— At the meeting
of the Common ; Council to-morrow, even-'
ing, Mayor ". Martin . will .- recommend the
purchase of the Santa Clara Valley'Agri
cultural Society's ; fair, grounds for. a pub
lic ; park. - The ; grounds comprise seventy
six -acres;? just outside 'the; city. * limits*
Fairs l have : not paid : for. many . years and
it la : understood that for public use 'the
land-can.be.; purchased at a ¦ nominal
price; •;.. - . ;
Grass .Valley Man Killed.
GRASS ."VALLEY, March 31.— A dispatch
received i. here" ito : day : : by -Mrs., Willlain
TreviseV from *. Prescott,, Ariz.; says -that
one of the'men killed in' the United Verde
mine '* explosion : at /Jerome , was y her » son,
William Trevise Jr. The young , J man vwas
working * there \ with ¦ his - father. ;¦ Ha 1 was
a native i of i Grass *.Vailey^ and • twenty-five
Mayor Martin Will Recommend the
Purchase ¦ of Agricultural ¦ So-
SAN JOSE 'MAY BITS'
LAND FOB A NEW-PARK
KINGMAN. Ariz, March 31.— William' A.
WatklnS; of ,San, Jose, Cal.;- brother of H.
H. Watkins, .* who - is manager of 1 the
Arizona* National -Bank and a prominent
business man - of . Kingman. committed
suicide last night by placing a large
caliber; revolver in his mouth: and blow
insr off the top of.his head. r . .
No reason • is known for ¦ the act. The
dead man leaves a mother and brother: in
San^ Jose.- -where his .. remains ¦'. will be
shipped, for; interment.'^ ;;. ¦- .¦
William A. Watkins Commits Suicide
. by r Shooting' Top of. His Head
OfC ''. in ;' King-man. . ;'-'¦¦'
SAN JOSE RESIDENT
ENDS LIFE IN ABIZONA
NEW. YORK, March 31.— In Its forth
coming issue Leslie's Weekly will print
a . paper by Colonel" John S. Mosby, the
famous Confederate raider, on "The
Dawn of the Real South'" in which : he
says:
The real • South is just at its birth. " The
growth of this child of the nation may be
gradual, • but . in the end the South will be far
richer and more powerful • than the North. In
the days to come the South will become the
dominant section of the country.
Without the war of. secession the South could
never have hoped to attain the future that is
now certain. Slavery was a great incubus,
paralyzing natural energy. By abolishing this
wrong our war benefited every State south ot
the Mason and Dlxon line. .The negroes are
producing more as freemen than they ever did
as slaves: and the mass of the' people are
vastly better oft to-day than they were under
the old ante-bellum system.
Socially as well as industrially the abolition
of slavery was highly beneficial in its results
to the masses, for slavery was a great wrong
and no community can exist in the highest
state of happiness-when its system is based on
wrons. . . ¦'*-.--..
There are the soundest reasons for asserting
that the nezroes* status is bound to improve.
While they are not as near the equality with
white people as they were under the system of
slavery, they are certain to be absorbed by im
migration, and in this engulfment they ¦ will
disappear. This is the. natural and wisest so
lution of what we now call the ¦ "race prob
lem."
Richmond is tha city most likely, to become
in time the banking center and - commercial
headquarters of 'this country and therefore • of
the world. The days of the famous old city
as a political capital, are past, but its "career
as the central point of manufacture for the
whole South and for the world at large is Just
beginning. While great forces have been work
ing for the change industrially and socially the
political change is hardly less marked It is
well-nigh folly - to-day to speak : of the ' 'Solid
South." That," by the way, was a phrase of
my own invention.; When Hayes became -the
Republican candidate for President, I urged
(in . a ' letter, August, 1876) that it was better
for some Southern : man to support him, be
cause\ If he • were - elected his , administration
must necessarily rest-on whatever supported it
It was better for the Southern people to divide
between the parties, so that, no matter which
side won, there would be men friendly to South
ern people, who would control its Southern pol
icy. This contention is fully realized to-day
and the '."Solid South" belongs wholly to the
political past. , : v ..
Will Become the Dominant
Power of Country, Says '
? Confederate Leader.
LEADING LArY WHO WILL
SUPPORT THE TRAGEDIAN,
' ROBERT DOWNING.
FORESEES FUTURE
FOR REAL SOUTH
: Senator Mitchell Better.
S ..WASHINGTONr'c.March 1 '.; 1 31-— Senator
Mitchell • of i Oregon ¦ is in better condition
than yesterday," and it is believed '. that he
i will be about again in : a' week/ '
Flees;to America. , • — •. ,
" ' BERLIN,'* March 31.^-Jacpb Gerson, long
1 si % prominent '/- merchant i in * Neustadt-an
! def-Hardt. ; has fledito the', United- States
.after defaulting: for 250,00 marks." - - v »
j TACOMA, Wash.f March : 3L— When the
Scandinavian- American Bank: of :What
com : and } the ; Bank " of Blaine, . under ¦ the
same nrianagementr failed early in March
it was < expected . that .their, assets would
be ¦ sufficient to pay depositors as soon | as
they could be realized , upon. - Temporary.
Receiver .' Scouten- 1 . now finds that ' this i is
not the case. V£&3p l f a 3f&E8B&8BBSBi
President 7 SL "John of both banks was
in the East when the run on the Whatcom
bank. caused it. to suspend. He has since
gone »to "•¦ England, . expecting ;.= to -.- secure
$83,000 ' on a ¦ matured ¦ life , endowment . pol
icy. '- Results '¦- from \ this . are ¦ made ¦ uncer-*
taln.because his mother. and ( brother have
commenced "suit? to 5 secure -¦¦:. part" of ""¦ the"
money due. V This leaves Receiver. Scouten
and S. 5 M. ¦ Bruce/ his attorney, dependent
chiefly '-'upon" a' dozen* or, more fine^palnt
ings, -• which- , they - have ' secured from St.
John, ' for - funds i to , pay ¦ the . depositors.
Bruce" says > he .. expects v to ; , realize • more
than J50 .000. from .the pltcures. and -claims
some j of ' them •: are j worth t J10.000 apiece."
They ' are - to ¦ be offered : for = sale in ¦ New.
York.'aRnBtV^SnalnBHBH
Banks -. Finds ~l That ' '. Paintings
, ; : * ,* Repre sent the 'Assets .
Receiver - of Whatcom • and \ Blain9
pEPpSITOES MAY GET V
ONLY I SlttALL AMOTJNTS
Los Ang-sles .People Cheer It's Depart
--' . ' tire .^rom\Their City.
LOS ANGELES, March , 31.— The first
regular : passenger " train t over " the ' new
coast line'left Los^Angelcs for San Fran
cisco at'7:45 this morning. > It was a solid
-vestibule train composed of six coaches.
Including mail and baggage cars,' two day
coaches, parlor car and. a buffet car, and
is due to arrive in San Francisco at 10:45
this evening.- .; •••" '•¦: ¦/¦¦ '<*'",'
There will, be, two trains dally on. the
coast line between. Los Angeles, and San
Francisco. The limited" will leave-, Los
Angeles daily; at 7:45 a; m.~ and arrive in
San Franciscoat 10:45 p. m. . The south-,
bound - limited ' will leave San Francisco
at 7:45 a. m. and arrive here at 10:45 p. in.'
The Southern Pacific's v overland y will
also run over the coast '.line, leaving here
at 2:30 p. m. * and ; arriving in San Fran-.
riBST: NORTHBOTJin) TRAIN.
SAN JOSE, • March 31.— The coast . line
limited, the • first - through regular, train
between San . Francisco and Los Angeles,
arrived inthis city , this, morning at ¦ 9:20
o'clock, having, come from* -San" Fran
cisco" in- one hour and -twenty minutes.
The train consisted of an engine and
seven cars. There was a large crowd of
people at Market-street station waiting
the train's arrival, and when it rolled in
the cheers from the spectators were deaf
ening. ' Division Superintendent Frazier
was on board and the train was in charge
of Conductor Gould. . ' •¦ . . . '
The train remained at the depot five
minute??, and as It drew out there was
another outburst of enthusiasm from the
crowd Mrs. E. O. Smith and John Joy.
a. retired .mining man and capitalist . of
this city, were through pasesngers on.
Many < oth'er local people journeyed as
far as Gilroy and Salinas on the new
train: On all cross streets, along Fourth
street crowds congregated and waved
handkerchiefs and hats and cheered S as
the train went by. This scene was - re
peated, at all country towns and farm
houses along the. route, .c, _ • "\". ' "* *
As the - train passed the Fourth-street
depot Mrs. ( M. D. I Hubbard tossed the en
gineer a large bunch of beautiful lilacs.
The flowers were attached to; a long pole,
which was placed closed enough to the
cab to permit the engineer to: reach- for
them. Heb»wed and smiled appreciative
ly while the men cheered and the women
waved their handkerchiefs. ¦
San Joseans are jubilant. that a regular
service has - commenced over the new
route * They have long waited tc^e placed
on a through line east, and now look for
ward to a great- influx of visitors to San
7o«e J and an era .of. prosperity .for. the
Garden City.: To-night .- a banquet ¦ was
given at the Hotel. Vendome in celebration
of the event. :.v,
CROWDS CHEER THE FIRST TRAINS
TO RUN OVER THE NEW COAST ROAD
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The coast line Is expected to be of great
value to Los Angeles, and a large crowd
attested their, interest by assembling: at
Arcade depot and cheering ttw* departure
of the limited this morning." '
clsco at 7 o'clock the following' morning.
Returning, the overland will leave , San
Francisco at 7 o'clock in the evening and
arrive, In Los Angeles at 12:20 p. m. the
next day , .
The lower portion Is fitted for stores
and the upper portion for lodge and ban
quet rooms. • •
this edifice, at a cost of about $20,000. Tha
buildin^'commlttee. W. J. Burns, J. P."
Snyder and George Graves, has just com
pleted Its labors, and all Is in readine»
for the big day.
San Andreas Lodge No. 50. I. O. O. F.,
will -have In charge the dedication, which
will take place during the : afternoon.
Both upper and lower floors will be U3ed
for 'singing and dancing In- the evening.
The Hon. Alex Brown of Milton will.be
orator for the occasion. •
Nearly - a year has passed In building
r : . , ; : ;
S r AN. ANDREAS, March 31. —The
, Masonic and Odd . Fellows' Hall
of San Andreas is finished. The
dedicatory services will -be co-i
• ducted on an. elaborate, scale on
April 26. .The 'day " will be observed
throughout this section of ' the country,
and hundreds of visitors will attend .the
celebration. ' ~
•rofundo of the Bostonians, William Mc
>onald. has been a very popular one.
• • •
Roscoe and Pirns, Clinton Montgomery,
the Koebers and Querita Vincent are the
Olympia's current entertainers.
* • . ¦ • i -y ¦ i -
The new bill that opens at the Chutes
to-day includes Professor Barnes' big dog
tnd pony show; ¦ Swor and Hathaway,
.singing and dancing comedians; Joseph
Edwards, monologist; Al and Mamie An
derson, colored vaudeville -stars; Arthur
Rosell and Pearl Clough, the, clever juve
niles, and new moving pictures.
NEW HALL OF THE MASONS AND ODD FELLOWS AT SAN ANDREAS WHICH HAS BEEN ERECTED AT A COST
OF $20,000 AND WILL BE DEDICATED APRIL 26 WITH INTERESTING CEREMONY, IN WHICH HUNDREDS
OF PERSONS WILL. PARTICIPATE. ' - •-
Hundreds of Visitors Are Expected to Be Present When
the New Hall for Masons and Odd Fellows Is Formally
Opened With Song, and Speech and Festivity
BRILLIANT CEREMONY WILL MARK
A DEDICATION AT SAN ANDREAS
.'CALL HEADQUARTERS, 1406 > G
STREET, N.W., WASHINGTON, .March
31.— In response to~ a request; from The'
Call' former Senator. Arthur P.* Gorma'VJof
Maryland gave an. interview.; at ; his home
In Washington regarding jthe radical po
litical legislation*enactefi;atf Annapolis in
extra session, -iwE^chV has: made \him~ one
of the most talked ; about Democrats in
the United States." On the ' result . of the
legislation may depend whether Maryland
is to hereafter be in . the | Democratic . or
the Republican column; whether Mr; Gor
man is to return to the United States Sen
ate in 1903 and whether he is to become
the ' Democratic/ candidate for President
in 1904. What .Maryland has" done arid
what Mr. Gorman, strongly- defended . in
his interview to-day Is liKely to " become
a' great -political- issue in Congress aflts
next session, . because the Kepublicans
. threaten to reduce the representation '. in
Congress not only of Maryland but of all
Southern ' States , in which the right of
negroes to vote : is 5 restricted. Mr. : Gor
man asserts:".
That the changes made in <the voting
system of , Maryland do not come .within
tne purview • of •" ' Congress, because no
rights guaranteed .under the constitution
to any voter have* been impaired.
That the : new j State census ,was ordered
for legislative - apportionment purposes
because the ¦ Federals census was ¦ notori
ously padded for ¦ Republican partisan
ends, as confessed by recent arrests.
That the registration' law was amended
so as to restrict the ballot. to actual resi
dents of the State, " since under the . old
law thousands of v. non-residents, former
residents and . temporary residents had
voted. ¦ *' " . ¦'¦••.-. ¦- ¦'
That the amendment of the election laws
to prevent a person "having assistance in
marking his ballot, , unless physically dis
abled, was necessary because every man
who wanted -to sell 1 his vote claimed to be
illiterate and ' the election official who
went Into the booth could tell the vote
buyer how the vote: was cast.
: :No f Ballot for Illiterates.
Mr. Gorman lays stress on the fact that
the new Maryland ballot is an exact coun
terpart of ' the Massachusetts ballot ' and
strongly indorses the policy of preventing
illiterates voting, which is the avowed
purpose of law.
"What is to be said in explanation of
the new ballot law?". he was asked.
"The law of 1K96 provided that any
voter who. in registering declared that he
could not read or ; write could, when he
presented himself at the polls, call upon
the ballot clerks, one a Democrat and the
other a Republican, and have their as
sistance in marking -his ticket. This pro
vision furnished the opportunity for cor
ruption. All that it was necessary to do
was for a voter at registration to'say that
he could not' read nor write. Then on
election day, when he had made his bar
gain for his vote, he called for the ballot
clerks and they saw him cast his ballot
for the Democratic or Republican ticket,
a3 the case might be. While the • clerks
were sworn not to divulge how any voter
cast his ballot, yet the practical opera
tion of the law was. that when the voter
left the booth the clerk of the party
whose ticket ho voted • could signal to a
party watcher whether the voter had car
ried out his bargain. It was not a perfect
system in the purchase of voters, but it
intimidated negroes who stand in fear of
their party.
"To accomplish a result so much desired
by all cJtizens of .Maryland and to secure
pure elections, the Legislature enacted a
law providing for a ballot identical in
form to- that used in Massachusetts' for
many years. The ticket is to be pub
lished in. magnified type in the newspa
pers prior to the election. Specimen bal
lots, printed on cardboard, will be distrib
uted in each election district two days be
fore election and an additional number
on the day of election, so that party man
agers will have - full opportunity, to in
struct each voter how to mark'his ballot
before! he goes into the booth. If he can
read or distinguish the difference between
Republican and Democrat he will be able
to mark his ticket without, difficulty,, or
if he can be instructed to count he can
likewise mark his ticket without trouble.
All the Legislature. has done is to pro
hibit one man from - marking another
man's . ticket." •/¦ . . . ¦ -, .-. -. */¦;¦'•;
Disf rancnisement of Negroes. . ;
"But, Mr. Gorman," I said, "it is staed
in the discussion of the question that the
law in operation— and It was so intended
will disfranchise. 40.000 or 50.000 negroes In
your State, who have heretofore .exer
cosed the right of-suffrage." - ...
• Mr. Gorman replied:. "There are no data
which accurately show the^number of il
literate males in Maryland above the age
of . 21 years. . In ¦' the registration books
large numbers are recorded as illiterate,"
but, as I have shown,. this largely arose
from the fact that under the Republican
law a voter .who declared -he was Illiterate
was Riven assistance in marking his bal
lot. If there are many illiterates in Mary
land who will, be, affected by the passage
of the present law. the blame lies with
themselves. We have had the . most : per
fect system of public schools for thirty
years of anv State south of Pennsylvania,
Since 1870 the colored population has had
amole opportunity to learn to read and
write." ¦ -¦>•-¦>•. ¦:-..¦ -' • ¦¦-..,• ¦'
Declares It Is Intended to
Prevent Corruptions
at the Polls, v
Special Dispatch to The Call. -..
GornpBefeMsNew
\ Elections.
MARYLAND'S
BAN AGAINST
THE NEGRO
"GLADIATOR" WILL BE DOWNING'S
OPENING PLAY AT THE CENTRAL
Lorena Atwood to Appear as Empress Faustina--Orpheurn,
as Usual, Presents a Splendid Show— "Tennessee's
Pardner" at Alcazar — Second Week of "Little Minister'
THE: SA$T. FKA^CiSCb CALL, MONDAY, APRIL :3, 1901;
3
ffi^gj In the Schlitz brewery you will find a plate glass room. In it
are cooling pipes, over which the hot beer drips. - Above it is an' M
W I y a ' r fi^er, and no air comes into this room save through that filter. %W
ukmi No germs can reach beer handled with such rare caution.
»*3K But, after the beer is aged, we filter it, then bottle and seal it, rZ?
SgW then sterilize every bottle. S~b
ppa We take triple precautions because beer is a saccharine i$i
F~Tj product. Impurities multiply if they get into it. There is no £l ;
a »j3 grad^e between absolute purity and utter impurity. Jj
Kgy Every bottle of Schlitz is absolutely pure, and purity is g5g|
B^a healthfulness. Your physician knows — ask him. " g^f
&£sg| 'Phone Main ill, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-1* Market St., Saa Francisco. Sara
riiterecl Agr
¦> ¦ . . \ ...
I Our $ 10
HI First— The price is exception- »*
|& ally reasonable. It is within reach H
|H of every man's purse, and the • . 17/4*1
HJ suits are good enough for every 'Hi
H| man with moderate means. mmf^""VT 1 ! Hn P?*
II Second — The suits fit as well ¦*. Mm %. '•'^ :^^^|p** PI
JH as higher-priced clothes and wear _affi jjj^ffl^HB p
|H almost as "well, too. Any man jgspfSBsr 7f|fjjif
||j . can wear one and feel neatly -ih*^ t£^& 'HfQv^
HI Third— You can get the suits in
iff dark or light patterns, heavy or -^«isS^^||ll|s
H| light weights, as you choose.
l| The patterns are seasonable, and I/K
11 / Fourth — We guarantee to keep iSiiSiiSk'few lH
H| the suit in repair free for one year . .. : ' yafc^^^ififaSF B^
H after purchase, to show that we J^llf^liifir^ m|
H| have faith in our garments. -For jd$r%3&pr*^—\ }§p
Raj complete dissatisfaction, of course, 1/fliWi
W$ we refund the customer's money. e^gte®|^®te«2§fc5^i|§
M You never bought \vi:h more pro- 1 . ; |V^^^ ;^S^j- 3d
II : So, come and get some samples
Si — we will be pleased to give you i'ls
rial '¦'¦'¦¦¦ a. - - ' ¦ ' ¦ ' ¦ ' ' Em
LEa ' • - / '. • ¦ , En
||1 r v - Suits for out-of-town customers, satisfactorily .made >iH
II through bur self-measuring system, Write for samples. ||j' 'It is now reported that the throne of the Sultan is
in danger, ; and' we -may soon hear that -the fold- man
has taken the precaution to lock* the; throne up every
night' in a steel-lined ; cabinet.
Emperor William intends to protect . himself in
public hereafter with ; guards on bicycles. He must
expect to be run :do\yn by'a horse and wants the as
sistance of its most notorious enemy. '
When Carnegie's offer to give .New York^City
$5,000,000 ; to build sixty r five new libraries was first
announced- the citizens of the metropolis were in rap
tures; but now they have been figuring out the cost of
maintaining them and a reaction has set. in.
THE LIBERALS AND THE LORDS.
WERE there -no other evidences at hand of the
demoralization of the Liberal party in Great
Britain, its weakness would be made amply evi
dent by the eager applause with which it has greeted
the recent letter of Herbert Gladstone to his constitu T
ents.; * A party is surely in sad need of a leader and of
a programme that welcomes .with acclaim such a pro
gramme from a man of such, comparative unimpor
tance as a Parliamentary leader.
In his letter Gladstone declares: "The war in
South Africa will cost not far short of £200,000,000
ana the settle.ment seems as far off as ever. There are
problems to be. solved; in the Far East"of the first
magnitude, and the Government appears destitute of
a clear, settled policy.' "Already the huge "expenditure
for the army and navy is going up by leaps and bounds
and will force Europe to add to its ruinously large
armaments. /Where is it to'end? The Irish question
is more to the front than ever, and the Government
seems to view it with apathetic impotence." , •'*
y All of that is true enough, but party leadership must
_ Fortunately for the children and for tiie State there
is at present a reaction against the tendency toward
overworking pupils. The law that forbids the impo
sition of home study is a manifestation of that reac
tion, and there are • good reasons for believing that
when its effects are seen and understood it will be
universally approved. . ' -.
The desire on the part of many well-meaning per
sons to make, the schools a place of training in all
kinds of instruction was recently illustrated at an edu
cational meeting at Manchester, N. H., when a prom
inent citizen complained that many boys in the cities
of the State are growing up without a knowledge of
how to drive or even harness a horse, which every
country boy knew; and advised that every school be
provided with a horse and buggy, so that this very
useful information could be given.
In our eagerness to provide in the public schools a
comprehensive system of education, covering almost
every department of human knowledge, we have laid
too heavy burdens upon the minds of the young, it
hp.s been a fad with some people to introduce into the
schools instruction upon any and every subject that
struck them as important. Now there are very few
kinds of learning that are not important, and conse
quently, by adding one study after another to the
school course, we reached at last a point where it was
necessary to keep a pupil grinding away at work not
only during the whole school hours but in the evening
as well. 1 . ' •
GOVERNOR GAGE'S signature to the so-called
"home study" bill makes it now the law of
California that in the public schools of the
State "no pupil under the age of fifteen years in any
grammar or primary .school shall be required to do
any home study." The o'peration of the measure,
which goes into effect on July 1, will be watched with
close attention. by all interested in public-school work,
though there is little doubt that the results will every
where justify its enactment. That much seems assured
by the tests made in this city and elsewhere by com
paring the work done by pupils from whom no home
study was required with that of others upon whom the
requirement was imposed. -
THE HOME STUDY LAW.
Miss Mary Van Buren, leading lady for
the Frawley Company, arrived from Los,
Angeles yesterday and engaged apart
ments at the Palace. Miss Van Buren
leaves for Seattle this morning- to play an
extended engagement.
Fletcher Ladd of I .an caster, N. H., and
Charles A. Willard of Minneapolis, who
have been appointed Judges In the Philip
pine Islands, are at the California, They
will sail to-day on the Buford for Manila.
Thomas -Flint Jr., State Senator from
San Juan, has Just returned from Mex
ico and Is registered at the Palace.
Joseph P. Junk, a railroad man of Chi
cago, is at the Grand with his two sis
ters.
Dr. A. I* Tlbbetts of Petaluma la one ot
the arrivals at the Grand.
R. S. Sheridan, a banker of Roseburg,
Or., Is a guest at the Lack.
X>r. "W. A. Hendryx of Los Anzslcs U
among the guests at the Palace. . . :- .-.¦«
J. Welssbeln. a banker of Grass Valley,
It at the California with hl3 wife.
J. W. Fargers, an attorney of Santa
Cruz) 13 staying at the California.
Mrs. "William Hammond ot. LJvermore
Is one of the guests at the Occidental.
Paul Blades, & newspaper man of Lou
Angeles, has apartments at the Lick.
T. J. Kenney, a merchant of Jackson
ville, Or., Is a late arrival at the Grand.
PERSONAL MENTION.
It is announced that on a single day last week there
¦were dispatched from the Department of Agriculture
at Washington 1200 mail sacks, each containing 200
packages of seed, and it is estimated that the total
number of packages to be sent out this year will ex
ceed 11,000,000, or about 2,000,000 more than last year.
It will be seen that the abuse is a growing one, and.
either it 'will have to be stopped altogether or else
every citizen in the country will soon expect the Gov
ernment to supply him with garden seed. . :
Our local market shows little change. Farm prod
ucts as a rule are showing more strength, there being
more firmness in several important staples, such as
v.heat, hops, prunes, provisions, hogs, barley andcer
.tain feedstuff's. Coal oil advanced Friday, but declined
again Saturday. Grain bags are higher,- showing expec
tations of a large , crop.. Ocean steamers are still
pressed for room to accommodate all the proffered
freight for export. No complaints are heard from any
quarter, and the merchants as a rule report satisfactory
commercial conditions. . Funds continue plentiful and
resdily accessible to solvent borrowers, and collections
are as good as they ever are. If there are any rocks
ahead they are not visible at the moment.
It will be seen, by looking over the preceding para
graph, that trade shows considerable irregularity.
While the aggregate business is larger than last year,
some lines are weak and dull, and others active and
firm. The improvement is by no means general.
It is expected that ihe figures for the first quarte:
of the year will show a large increase in general busi
ness over the corresponding period in previous years.
Barring wool and cotton, all lines have been more or
less active, which is rather unusual during the last half
of winter, hence the sanguine expectation. At pres
ent, however, wool seems to be doing better ag^.
Sales at the three Eastern markets have recently
shown a marked inc. ... se f while prices are exhibiting
more tone. The sales at Boston alone last week were
nearly 6,000,000 pounds, and shipments were also
•Lrger. All "attempts to advance prices, however,
proved fruitless. Cotton" still drags, and it has been
found impossible to maintain the small advance es
tablished in the raw product a few days ago. Build
ing operations throughout the country are being
planned on a liberal scale, as shown by the good de
mand for lumber, structural iron and builders' hard
ware. The West continues to lead the rest of the
country in this respect The extremely large earnings
of the railroads and the continued scarcity of cars in
dicate an enormous movement of merchandise be
tween the different markets. The boot and shoe trade
is again looking up, shipments outward from factories
showing a marked increase, and though some New
England shops report fewer orders the majority have
enough to keep them employed for several months to
come, while the heretofore unfavorable balance for the
teason has been materially reduced. The iron trade is
still forging ahead, with sustained activity and a fur
thei advance in structural material. The dry goods
trade, however, like cotton, is reported gloomy, with
additional price reductions in a- number of descrip
tions, accompanied by a corresponding falling off in
the demand. Wheat, per contra, is in decidedly bette*
shape, being quoted at an advance over the preceding
week, though little increase in the movement is ex
hibited. Some of this advance is attributed to sym
pathy with corn, which has been active of late, with
rising quotations. Hides are weak and dragging,
with accumulating stocks, but most kinds of leather
are firmly held. The other staples stand about as
before.
AS far as surface indications go trade continues
on a sound and active basis. The country's
bank clearings continue to range considerably
jboie those for corresponding periods last year, those
last 'week showing a gain of 33.2 per cent, with Minne
apolis the only important city exhibiting a decrease.
This city has lately been lagging in this respect, which
would indicate some lassitude in the flour trade. The
country's failures were 206, against 203 last year. It
has been some time since the failures for the two
years have been so close together, there having been
of late a decided balance against the current year.
BUSINESS STILL GROWING.
Matters of that kind, ought not to be passed over
as of no consequence. It cost civilization an immense
sum of treasure and many thousands of lives to abolish
slavery. Shall we now in the name of "expediency"
pcrmit.it to rise in the new century?
From the reports that come to us it appears that
Ilerr Bebel, the Socialist leader, moved that "all chil
dren born under the German flag" should be declared
free. The motion was designed to affect the blacks
of the German colonies in South Africa. The support
ers of the Government, we are tpid, took the position
that slavery is necessary to enable European colonists
to carry on industry in tropical countries, and that
to declare the freedom of every one born in a German
colony would virtually mean the ruin of the! colony.
When the motion was put to a vote it was defeated
by a large majority. ~ ; ,"" . .- ¦ < '''?,>••
The most notable illustration, of the change, how
ever, is one that has just been furnished in Germany.
What has been done by our officials and by the British
officials has after all been excused and as far as pos
sible apologized for. Neither in Congress nor in Par :
liament is it at all likely that a debate on the subject
w.ould bring any open defense of any sort/of slave
system, but the Germans have had just such a debate
in the Reichstag, and the supporters of slavery appear
to have had the courage to speak out and speak
boldly. ''•'«;'.'/
Such being the case.it is surprising tp note that in
eveiy part of the globe the civilized nations have begun
the new. century with, what appears to be a reaction
against the doctrine and the practice of liberty. The
ardent outcry against slavery that sounded so nobly
throughout the century that has just closed has given
place to a low but significant declaration that after all
it may be expedient to maintain slavery in Asia and in
Africa; that all men are not fitted for freedom; that
in the interests of trade and of industry and for the
advancement of civilization it may be necessary to
m.nke the brown man and the black man work under
the lash for the white man, who has taken up the
burden of governing him.
. The change of sentiment which has come over the
dominant nations of the earth in this respect is not
able everywhere. Even in the United Statesmen
have arisen who are willing to sanction slavery under
the United States! flag and United States law in the
Sulu Islands "because it is expedient." A similar
backsliding is noted among the British authorities in
South Africa. It is there believed, and the belief is
acted upon in practice, that a system of virtual slavery
is expedient for the working of the big mines and the
development of the country. . .. ,'
To bring about a realization, of that philosophy by
applying it in practical politics the nineteenth century
worked long and fought hard. The results are among
the most glorious ever achieved in human history.
The suppression of the African slave trade, the eman
cipation of ; slaves throughout the British empire, the
abolition of slavery in this country at. the cost of a
fearful civil war, and the gradual abolition of slavery
and serfdom in all other parts of the civilized world,
from Russia to Brazil, are deeds that will render for
ever memorable the generations of statesmen, heroes
and. reformers who brought them about. -
TWENTIETH , CENTURY EXPEDIENCY.
1 ; ROM the philosophy of the eighteenth century
I the nineteenth drew a high aspiration for the
* • equality of man. " The establishment of the in
dependence of the United States and the outbreak of
the French revolution, the two greatest events which
immediately preceded the beginning of the century,
had in common an assertion of the rights of men.
The French declaration, "Liberty, Equality and Fra
ternity,"; was in line with our own, "All men are
created equal and endowed with certain inalienable
rights, among which are life, liberty and the pursuit
of happiness."
A meeting of the Boston Common Council was re
cently prefaced in a Boston paper with the headlines:
"Riot at the City Hall — Wild Disorder Attends Meet
ing of the Common Council — Presiding Officer defied
—Attempt Made to' Put Lights Out— Janitor Bodily
Thrown Out." Now, suppose that sort of thing had
happened in San Francisco what comments -would
v;e have had . from New England concerning the
woolly ways of. the West!
Monday.. ..::........:...... .....ap^ril 1,1901
JOHN 0. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
AMrew AD. Cjnnmale.ti.mi t. W. 8. 1EAKX. Hanger.
MANAGER'S OFFJCE Telephone Pren« -««
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone PrMi SOI. i _
EDITORIAL ROOMS....- 217 to 231 Ste^enVon St.
Telephone Pre«» 202. v *,>",>
Delivered *jr Carrier.. IS Cent- Per Week.
Single Copies, O Cent*.
Term* by Mall, Including Postagei
nxrLT CALL, flncludlne Sunday), one year M.M
Z?A.It.T CALI. {Including- Sunday). « month* *.00
DAILT CALX. <lndudlng Sunday), 3 months 1.60
DAIL.T CALL— Br Single Month Kc
FUKDAT CALL. One Tew 1.50
TTEEKLT CALL. One Tear ;.. 1.00
' All poitmaiter* nre antborlzed to receive
¦abucrlptlonn.
Eample coplet will be forwarded when requested.
Uatl rabecrlben In ordering ohanire of »ddrm»« should b«
particular to rive bcth KEW AND OLD ADDRESS Ja order
to lseurc a. prompt and correct compliance with their requeit.
OAKLAND OFFICE .1118 troadirar
C. GEORGES KR.OG?fESS.'. ¦', t~- !:V
Kt&tger foreign Advertising, Karqustto Building, Chlngs.
(Lou* Distance Telephone "Central 2611.")
NEW TORE CORRESPONDENT:
«". C CAJIX.TOjr. Herald Square
NEW TOFtt REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN II. SMITH SO "ribnne Building:
NEW TORE NJ — TS STANDS:
WalCcrf-Artorla Hotel; A. Brentano. SI Union Square;
Koxray Hill HoteL £ »"¦".- ' '- '.-t.y--;
-t«i " CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.: Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIKGTON CD. C.) OFFICE. . . .1400 G St.. If. W.
HORTOX 13. CRANE. Correspondent.
BRA\cn OFFICES— C27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
cntll t:SC o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9-.Z0 o'clock. (93
McAllister, open until 9:20 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
i:C0 o'clock. ! XS41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 8 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
Belli 8 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
nw Tirraty-twonil and Kentucky, open until » o'cloclt.
Ttffe prompt action of the President shows that if
any such jealousy exists it is not sufficiently powerful
to affect the administration. An honorable career in
arms under the flag of the Union is not closed against
any citizen who undertakes it with ardor and genius.
We have therefore in this instance the pleasure of
seeing a demonstration of the essential democracy of
our Government, as well as the rewarding, of a hero,
and consequently there is a double reason for popular
gratification. . 1
The merit of Funston's gallant deed has be$m. rec
ognized in Europe as well as in America. British
military experts have seen in it another evidence thnt
in* that part of war where success is due mainly to indi
vidual initiative and daring the American soldier is
superior to any other in the world. From the ranks
of our volunteers there comes a spirit of valor and a
skill in scouting and skirmishing that cannot be taught
in the schools. We shall consequently lose something
if there ever comes a time when our military com
manders are chosen exclusively from among men who
have been educated at the academy. We must have a
career for talent in the army as well as in civil life, and
it is a- fortunate thing for the country that in every
war in which we are engaged there arise volunteers
like Funston to keep the ? way open for such a career
to those who are to come after them.
Those facts taken in' connection with the scandals
growing ¦ out of the quarrel between Sampson and
Schley, and other evidences of jealousy here and there,
have given rise to a fear that there is a good deal more
of ill feeling and jealousy in the army. and the navy
than there ought to be. Consequently when the re. •
ports came that certain influences at Washington were
opposing the promotion of Funston it is not surpris
ing that they were widely believed, and that the public
was more or less disturbed by them.
While not one of those reports may have been well
founded, it is certain they were not wholly disbelieved
bj a considerable portion of the people. Facts have
appeared from time to time, showing that among som:
of the graduates of the military academy at West
Point and the naval academy at Annapolis there is a
feeling of hostility to all who seek to obtain rank in
either the army or the navy without having graduated
firm those institutions. The number of officers who
share in that feeling of hostility may be and doubtless
is small, but unfortunately it is not uninfluential. The
country has again and again had disagreeable illustra
tions of it in the treatment of officers promoted from
the ranks in the army, and in the letter from Sampson
concerning the promotion of seamen to the rank of
commissioned officers in the navy.
¦\A ORE than ordinary gratification will be felt
I A - over President McKinley's action in promptly
* * promoting Funston to the rank of brigadier
general in the regular army of the United States. It
iv always pleasing to see a hero rewarded under any
circumstances, but in this case there are other serious
reasons for gratification, ; for there" have been rumors
and reports that certain influences emanating from,
high circles in the army were adverse to Funston's
claims and were opposed to his promotion.
FUNSTON'S PROMOTION.
Should some Democratic leader write a letter deal
ing with the policy of his party on the issues' of the
time, and after denouncing the administration for the
cost of the occupation of the Philippines proceed to
say that Democracy will not be willing to accept the
burdens of Government unless the p.arty is assured
that the Senate will not stultify its plans, he would be
regarded as. a political. freak rather than as a states;
man; and yet such a letter would not be a bad parallel"
to the Gladstone letter. There has been an agitation
in Great Britain for many a year to reform the House
of Lords, just as there has been an agitation in this
country to provide for the election United States
Senators by direct "vote of the people, but the party
that waits for that reform to be adopted before it
accepts the responsibilities of government might as
well disband as a political organization. It may con
tinue to serve some purpose in conducting academic
discussions, but it cannot be a force of. any potency
hi political affairs.
It may be that Mr. Gladstone means that the Liberal
party is to make the abolition of the House of Lords
or, its domination by the Liberals the chief issue of
the next political compaign. Should that be so he
would still have to. furnish the country with some sort
cf a programme of action, so as to justify his demand
that the Lords be set aside in order, to make way for
it. Unless he furnish some plan of that kind and can
convince the voters that it is not only good, but is so
good as to make it 'worth while to alter the constitu
tion of the country to bring it about, he can hardly
call his scheme a matter of practical politics..
offer something more! than a denunciation of , the op
posite, party: The British public ; wiil naturally ask
what the Liberals' propose to do to' remedy .the evil
effects of the Tory blunders. 7 To that question Mr.
Gladstone has no definite answer. He covers his eva
sion by saying: "The advocates of the Liberals are
not endeavoring to take up the Government's burden
until they have exacted conditions that their '. policy
will not again; be stultified by the rejection* of their
measures by the House of Lords." '¦ ,
AT. HOTEL DEL. CORONADO the season Is
now , on at fall * tide. "' American and t European
plans.' Best of everything:,, Including. th» char
acter.of entertainment. Apply 4 New Montgom
ery »t.. city," for special ticket.
At a recent sale of condemned articles
at Sheerness : dockyard some . odd prices
were realized.-: A 27-foot . whaleboat sold
for $2 25, or at the rate of about 8 1-3 cents
per foot, and a good steam cutter 21 feet
in length, with': engine, but minus boiler,
brought 190.'; The latter sale reminds of
ai sale at : Mare Island about twenty-four
¦years ago when a 28-foot steam launch
The German Government has hitherto
paid Krupp $580 a ton for armor, or $100
more than '¦ the; Carnegie, and Bethlehem
armor factories charge the. United States
navyj notwithstanding the fact that the
American manufacturers. have to pay a
royalty to. Krupp of $142 a. ton. This ex
tortion, which ; would amount to $15,000,001
on the projected German navy up to 1916;
will be met by the Government by en
couraging -foreign competition and a
threat- of starting a. national -armor fac-
The christening of war vessels is usually
performed by unmarried ladies, and; this
custom has only been. departed from in
four Instances at the launch of fifty-three
ships of the United States navy, not In
cluding torpedo craft. In England, how
ever, the five ships launched last month
were christened by the wives of promi
nent officials. ¦'¦¦¦ .
The French submarine boat Goubet is
said to have made a speed of twenty-five
miles an hour, during a recent trial. The
report, however, does not state whether
the vessel was submerged or running on
the surface of the water.
complete was sold for about $200, taken up
to Clear Lake on a truck and during thia
overland trip was capsized, rolling down
into a steep canyon, from which It was
recovered and finally reached its destina
tion. The boat was evidently of good
workmanship, as it was at once placed In
the water and fitted up as a pleasure
craft, doing service for many years after.
• . • •
A reclassification of vessels of the
United States navy was authorized by the
late Congress. The present system of
naming and classifying is, with some
modifications, according to laws passed in
1858 and 1862, and is entirely unsuited bo
far as relate to rating, to vessels of 'the
present day. The law of 1853 rated steam
ships of forty guns or more as first rates,
those of twenty guns and under forty as
second, and all of less than twenty guns
as third rates. There were also to be
four classes to be commanded In their
order by. commodores, captains, com
manders and lieutenant commanders. The
latest navy register segregates the ships
as, fir? t, second, third and fourth rates
torpedo boats, tugs, sailing, vessels, re
ceiving ships and unserviceable vessels
Among the first rates are the battleship
Alabama of 11,565 tons, and the protected
cruiser Chicago of 5000 tons. Second rates
include the converted cruiser.. Buffalo of
6888 tons, the old wooden cruiser Lancas
ter, of 3250 tons and the five monitors-
Monterey, Miantonomah, ' Monadnock
Amphltrite and Terror. The -third rates
Include, the converted cruiser Dixie of 6883
tons, eight "monitors of 21C0 and 1375 tons
the wooden cruiser Mohican "of 1900 ton*
and the gunboat Princeton of 1000 tons
Finally the fourth rates tatej In colliers
of 7500 tons and gunboats ranging from
i 975 tons down to 42 tons. It is a sad Jum
ble and reflects little credit to the navi"
1 gatlon bureau of the Navy Department. -
NEWS OF THE NAVIES OF THE WORLD.
¦ The British House of Commons was astonished recently by an Irish member,
Mr. O'Donnell, member for West Kerry, who addressed the House in his native
tongue. His words were: .
IRISH.
"A uacharan, mar eireannach o ait go
labharthar gaedilln blath, , fear o nasum
go bfuil teanga alci, agus ata fos ag bruin,
cum saoirse d'-fogail caitfidn me labairt
ins an fels sasanach so in mo thanga
On being called to order he. said:
. "Nao nor gaedhilin mo thanga, thanga
mo thir, thanga do labharas o vehios og,
agus "gur,: cearth dum labairt ins au
thansra sau." , . ,
Of which the translation Is: "
-"Mr. Speaker, as an Irishman represent
ing an Irish constituency, belonging' to a
nation having its own language, and still
fighting for its freedom, I deem it my
duty to address this alien Parliament in.
the language of my country.
"Is It not true that Irish is my native
language, the language of my ancestors,
the language of my country, the language
that T spoke from childhood?"
KARRI A L'IRELANDAISE ("IRISH STEW").
:-•:;•" ¦¦¦•. .
Of the men of Maine who have acquired .
great wealth through their own efforts
there is none with a career more interest
ing than Hugh Chisholm. His name has
come into exceptional prominence of late
through his position as president of the
International Paper Company, a corpora
tion with $55,000,000 capital, which controls
a very large proportion of the product of
all the paper pulp mills in the United
States.. '. ' •
Mr. Chisholm's business career had its
beginning in : I860, when as a. lad of 13
years, he secured a "run" as a newsboy
on a railway train. From that modest
beginning, handicapped by force of cir
cumstances which had deprived him of
educational advantages, he gradually de
veloped into a successful merchant, man
ufacturer,. railroad builder, developer of
water power and projector of industrial
enterprises. "When he left Maine two
years ago to reside In New York City and
there discharge the duties of president
of the great paper company he was rated
the second richest man in. the State.
• Mr. Chisholm was born at Niagara-on
the-Lake, Canada, May 2, 1847. His
parents were natives of Inverness, Scot
land. He became a train newsboy be
cause it was necessary for him to earn
his own livelihood. His "run" was be
tween Detroit, Mich., and Toronto on the
Grand Trunk Railroad. At the Detroit
end of the route he soon formed the ac- ,
quaintance of a bright newsboy, whose ,
"run" was between that city and Port
Huron. They became f ast *• friends. In
their later years whenever these two ex
trainboys—Hugh Chisholm and Thomas
A. Edison — have chanced to meet they :
have recalled with pleasure the days when
they used to swap books and tales of ad
venture in their moments of leisure in
Detroit. .
Newsboys on the railways were then
paid by commissions on sales, as is the
case to-day; but young Chisholm, having
a keen ej'e for business, as soon as 'he
had accumulated a few surplus dollars.
Invested in a stock of his own. There
after his daily earnings were four times
as large as before. His next investment
was In a course in bookkeeping and pen
manship in a business college in Toronto,
he taking the Instruction on the weekday
evenings that he passed in that city and
studying at odd minutes on trains and
at the western terminus of his "run."
He next branched out as a commission
agent, getting control of the news routes
on the Grand Trunk Railway as far East
as Portland, Me., and taking his brothers
Into partnership.' The Chisholms contin
ued to acquire additional routes until in
1866 they had contracted to sell papers on
trains from Chicago to Portland and Hali
fax, and also in Northern New England,
Northern New York and far up into Can
ada, as well as on steamboat lines, their
routes having an aggregate length of
more than 5000 miles. . Their force of
newSboys In that year had increased to "
200. The Chisholms Inaugurated the use
of uniforms by employes on railway
trains, their news agents being the first
to wear brass buttons and regulation
caps. The system of uniforming conduc
tors and brakemen' was soon afterward
adopted by the railroad companies. Up
to that time they had had no distin
guishing mark in their dress except a
badge or lettered ribbon.
Hugh Chrisholm early in his career se
lected Portland as his place of residence
and there established the headquarters of
his business. In 1876 . he sold ¦ out • his
Canadian interests and purchased the in
terests of his brothers in the New Eflg
land States. Then in connection with his
news agency he established a publishing
business, turning out for sale by his own
agents picture albums, pamphlets,'tour
ists' guides and souvenir publications
descriptive of scenery along the principal
lines of railway in .the United States.
These publications were largely handled
by news agents on all transportation lines.
His last book of importance was illustra
tive of the World's Fair at Chicago.
Became Interested in 'Wood Fiber.
In the latter part of the '70s Mr. Chis
holm became Interested In an invention of
a Portland man, it being a wooden lamp
with a tin front. After experimenting for
a time with the manufacture of this lamp
from wood which was turned with a lathe
he conceived the idea of fashioning the
lamp from chemically prepared wood pulp.
In working out this plan the durability of
indurated fiber vessels was discovered. At
the experimental factory in Portland some
sample pails, tubs and other vessels were
fashioned from wood fiber, and the enter
prise gave promise of great success. Then
he established a factory for making in
durated fiberware in the town of Fairfleld,
but just as the business was emerging
from the experimental stage the Fairfleld
factory was burned and Mr. Chisholm met
¦with a severe financial loss. However, in,
company with some other Maine capital
ists he established a flberware plant at i
North Gorham, fifteen miles from Port
land, but the cost of building the water
power was so great that Mr. Chisholm be
came discouraged and sold out his in
terest In the enterprise. The business
turned out to be a paying venture.
About this time Mr. Chisholm. in con
sequence of the knowledge that ne naa
acquired in manufacturing Indurated
fiberware, became Interested In the wooa
pulp and paper Industry. With others he
organized the Somerset Fiber Company,
which established a $200,000 pulp mill on
the Kennebec River at Fairfield. He is still
a director In this company. In lwl ne
established at Ltvermore Falls, on the
Androscoggin River, the Umbagog pulp
mill, which cost $200,000. He was made
president and general manager or the
company. He was also the organizer,
treasurer, manager and chief stockholder
in the Otis Falls Pulp Company. This cor
poration was capitalized at $700,000. its
plant .on the Androscoggin was at tne
time of its construction one of the largest
in the United States, its daily output being
about eighty tons of paper such as Is used
in printing newspapers.
Developing a Great Water Power.
Appreciating the value of the unde
veloped water power on the Androscoggln
River at Rumford Falls. Mr. Chisholm, in
1892, in company with Charles D. Brown or
Boston and Waldo Pettengill of Rumford,
began quietly to buy tracts or land in tnai
vicinity. Rumford Falls was then an in
significant country village, and before the
townspeople discovered what Mr. cms
holm was "driving at" he and his asso
ciates had purchased, at practically their
own price, extensive tracts of forest on
either side of the river. The Androscog;
gin at that place has a total fall of lso
leet tn less than a mile, furnishing : the
year round a minimum of 42,000 norse-
P °In e the nine years that have passed sine©
Mr. Chisholm and his associates made
those purchases of wild land Rumford
Falls has developed into one of the most
important manufacturing towns in Maine.
The census of 1900 credited the town with
898 residents; the population as shown by
the last census Is 3770. «_?'„,
Mr. Chisholm and his associates first or
ganized the Rumford Falls Power Com
pany, of which corporation he was made
treasurer and manager. Dams were built,
a system of canals was laid and other
preparations were begun to harness the
gigantic water power. Capitalists from
other States speedily became interested
in this great source of power, and soon
two big pulp manufacturing plants were
in process of construction. The Rumrora
Falls and Buckfield Railroad was then
being operated only between Mechanic
Falls and Canton, and Its projectors saw
no prospect of ever extending the line or
getting the road on a paying basis. Mr.
Chisholm purchased the road and its lim
ited equipment, organized a new corpora
tion—the Portland and Rumford Falls
Railroad Company — built a new roadbed,
extended the line at both ends— from Can
ton to Rumford Falls and from Mechanic
Falls to Auburn. The line was equipped
with modern steel bridges and first-class
rolling stock. Being principal owner of
the road, Mr. Chisholm became president
and general manager of the company.
-The Rumford Falls Paper Company
built the first pulp and paper mill In the
new village, and then the Rumford Falls
Sulphide Company established a large
plant there, Mr. Chisholm being elected
treasurer and a director of the corpora
tion. He was one of the lncorporators of
the Rumford Falls Woolen Company, the
Rumford Falls Light and Water Company
and the Rumford Falls Trust Company,
in all of which he has since remained a
director. The plant of the Oxford Paper
Company, now nearing completion. Is to
be the largest book paper manufactory in
the United States. Its cost Is said to be
$1,500,000. In the vicinity of these big pa
per mills have been erected lumber mills
and other smaller industries.
Organizing a Paper Trust.
Three years ago Mr. Chisholm was in
fluential in bringing about the organiza
tion of the International FaDer Company.
William A. Russell, one of the foremost
paper manufacturers of Massachusetts,
was also prominent in the project. The
corporation, capitalized at $55,000,000. made
short work of gathering into Its fold most
of the paper and pulp mills In New Eng
land. • Mr. Russell was elected president
and Mr. Chisholm vice president of the
company. Upon the death of President
Russell the Maine paper manufacturer
was promoted to the presidency, with its
salary of 550,000 a year. His election to
that office necessitated his removal to
New York, but he has retained his home
on State street, Portland, and his family
passes the summer months there.
Mr. Chisholm has a fine face, a clear
complexion, white hair, piercing eyes and
a firm mouth. His carriage Is erect his
voice clear and strong. He is strictly tem
perate in his habits and he has a constitu
tion of iron. He cares nothinsr for sports,
except horseback riding:. He has traveled
extensively in this country and abroad.
In 1872 he married Miss Henrietta Mason,
daughter of a prominent resident of Port
land. They have a son, now 13 years of
age.
COPYRIGHT, 3501.
VTL— HUGH CHISHOLM.
By A.. I_i. T. Oummings,
tunity and the Man," Dealing With,
a, Maine Millionaire.
Prepared- by Experts and Specialists for
The' San Francisco Call
Seventh Article of Series on "The Oppor-
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
The Calicoes not hold «"* w ""2£ e £?
the opinions publithed In this column, but
presents them for whatever ™»™» ™ y
have as communication* ot Beneral Interest.
To the Editor cf The Call: Tout • article la
The Call of this date headed "V orking inS -
lence." and relating to Senator K™Z™ •
view, on the grave question of Negrro Dte
franchlseraent." la being read br «*• co ' or^
people with great pleasure. «nd I thin* should
be read and considered by all who »»*»»•»*•
Senator's views -vltb profit If not with pleas
ure. For myself and on >**alf ° : »» «£
colored people, as well a. for the principle
presented and considered In the article referred
to. I desire to thank The Call and to com
mend It to all our people as a. journal fear
less in its advocacy of constitutional liberty
and freedom for the black man a9 well as the
white man. not because he Is either black or
white, but because it Is an « nall « na ? Io T J ls , h *:
guaranteed by the constitution of the
1 States and written down deep In the hearts,
consciences and convictions of every man and
woman on earth who have any Just concep
tions of the rights of man in. the struggle of
Now, Mr. Editor, Senator Morgan advocates
the dlsfranchlsement of a race of people on
account of color. distinctly drawing tne
"color line" by which a man's rights are to
be determined regardless of character, com
petence, capacity, fitness to perform the du-
Uea enjoy the privileges or deceive the bless
ings of our free Institutions, of which we.
American people, all without regard to race,
color or former condition, are so fond of
boasting. , ..
The colored race did not originate In the
United States, they are not aborigines, but
were brought here, not willingly, bat by force,
by Senator Morgan's ancestors, and hence
they and not we. are responsible for our pres
ence' here: but. nevertheless, we are here and
It is a self-evident fact that we are here to
stay unless the Illustrious Senator and^ his
followers devise some "ways and means" by
which they can exterminate the race or trans
late the entire race to some clime- beyond tha
seas. ' . ¦"'. A
Now. sir. we profess to be and are loyal to
the Government which has given us our lib
erty and guaranteed to us equal rights with,
other citizens of our country and now. to
deprive us or any of us of the rights of
franchise Is but to take from us the one vital
thing upon which all other rights and all lib
erty are founded.
Again this cannot and will not be done with
out taking from us our guaranteed rights un
der the constitution.
How is this for a man or set of raen. who
boast of their devotion to the constitution un
der which we live? Senator Morgan says:
"So I think the least said is the best Just
now." Secrecy— why? Because. says he.
•"When things are coming our way there Is
no necessity of clamorous discussion." This
reminds me of the wily scheming and plotting
In the South in ante-bellum days, when we
were slaves and the leaders of the South were
all "agin the Government," and planning for
the destruction of the Union.
We protest against the disfranchlsexnsnt of
our race on account of color, we protest
against all secret schemes against the rights
and interests of a race of people wto are
human, who have ambitions, purposes and
alms in life as other people do. a people who
have helped and will still help to make up
the world's history, and will participate In
the great events which go to%nake this world
whatever it may be in the coming ages.
In the name of common humanity. In the
name of justice to and among all mankind,
give us a chance in the "battle of life" that
ia founded on Justice among men. and then If
we fall we must take the consequences, but
justice and right will prevail, sooner or later,
as it did (though long delayed) when the im
mortal Lincoln said: "Let the slavee go free."
WILLIAM TIPTON.
1718 Seventh St.. Oakland, Cal.
March 29. 1901.
MAKES PROTEST
AGAINST VIEWS
OF MORGAN
THE SA*s FRANCISCO OA^i MONDAY
The "State flower" agitation which raged from Cali
fornia .to Maine a few years ago has not died out, it
seems, 'for the announcement is made that the Ar
kansas Legislature has just adopted the apple blossom
as the symbol of that commonwealth.
4
P-Nut crisps and taffy at Townsend's. •
Choice candles, Townsend's, PalaceHotai.*
CaL glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special low rates by express; Tow^..
send's. .r *
Choice Candles. Townsend's, 639 Mar-
ket St., Palace Hotel. •
Best eyeglasses, 10c to 40c. Look out for
81 4th, front of barber store and grocery. •
Easter chocolate cream and fancy
colored cream eggs, baskets of esgs etc.
Townsend's. •
* Choice California glace apricots, cher-
ries, pears, plums, nectarines, figs and
oranges; Townsend's. •
A nice present for Easter— Townsend'a
California glare fruits, In splendid flre-
, etched boxes, 50c lb. 639 Palace Hotel. •
Special Information supplied dally to
Business houses and public men by tha
• T '
„££ the «# ar Kenient of a ship canal
port for ships of 2000 tons. The old limit
was vessels of 300 tons.
ADVjm^SEMENTS.
ANEMIA
is little red in the blood.
The red in the blood is
che oxygen-carrier. Better to
breath with half of one lung
than not have enough red ia
the blood.
The blood is full of digested
food; but it can't build 'muscle
and nerve and bone without
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil puts red in the blood : the
oxygen-carrier. It is like build-
ing a railroad into a jiamine-
stneken country.
Call unbBcrlbers contemplating n change of
reddeuce during the summer month) can- hftv«
Ibrir paper forwarded by mail to their new
Bddreites by notifying: The Call Business Office.
Thin p&r.cr will also be on sale at all summer
rewtrti a.itdl ia represented, by a local agent In
alt towiin on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Columbia— "The LHtle MtnUter."
Tivoll— "The Wedding Day."
Central— "The Gladiator."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Alpazar — 'Tennessee's Pardner."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialtiee.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every aftemenn and
Tanforan Park — Races.
AMUSEMENTS.Business Suspended in Cape Coast
Castle While Relief Troops Are
, . Dispatched. '»
ACCBA, Gold Coast Colony, March 31.—
Three hundred men of the British West
Africa Regiment, who deserted in Ku
massie, marched armed to Cape Coast
Castle, where all J business has been sus
pended, owing to a fear that the deserters
will loot the town. • . v
One hundred and twenty troops were
dispatched from Accra to Cape Coast Cas
tle to-day to suppress the revolt.
DESERTERS FROM AFRICAN
REGIMENT TERRORIZE TOWN
Cities of the third and fourth class in
the . State will elect municipal officers,
and in 1 Detroit eight School Inspectors
and a Police Justice will be voted for.
There has been little interest 1 in the cam
paign and a very light vote is expected.
DETROIT, March 31.— It is generally
conceded that when the votes cast to-'
morrow by the citizens of Michigan are
counted the Republican candidates for
Justice of the Supreme, Court and two
Regents of the State Univers'ty will be
elected - by • a large majority. • The cam
paign has been a very quiet one through
out the State. Neither' Judge Allen A.
Adsitt of Grand Rapids, the Democratic
candidate for Justice, nor Judge Robert
M. Montgomery of. Grand Rapids, the Re
publican candidate, has made an active
canvass. An amendment to the State
constitution fixing the compensation of
State legislators at $1000 per term and
mileage, instead of $3 per day, when the
Legislature is in session, and mileage as
at present, will be voted on. ¦
Republicans Expect Large
Majority for Their
' Ticket To-Day.
ELECTION EVE
IN MICHIGAN
Band of Sixty Encounters Ottoman
Troops and Ten Are Killed
in Rout.
CONSTANTINOPLE, March 31.—Ad
vices from Salonica say that a band of
sixty from Bulgaria endeavored to invade
Macedonia, near Djumabala.-on March 27,
and came into conflict with the Ottoman
troops. Ten of the Bulgarians were killed
and the others fled.
• . • • ¦ ¦¦ ?
Builders on Strike.
, TRENTON, N. J. , March 31. — A general
strike "of all the men belonging to the dif
ferent building trades unions in Trenton
is expected to be inaugurated to-morrow.
The men are striking for an eight-hour
day at the same wages they have hereto
fore been receiving for a nine-hour day.
The master . masons and other builders
have declined- to comply with the men's
demand." . ¦ ' - ' /
Furnace Workers Win.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, \ March 31.— The
blast furnace operators for the Mahoning
Valley have acceded to the demand of
the furnace workers by granting them the
lncrase of 20 cents per day asked for. The
men would have gone on strike to-morrow
if the operators had refused the demand.
Dredger Blocks Suez.
PORT SAID, March 31.— The Suez canal
is temporarily blocked by a dredger and
the steamer Ophlr, bearing the Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall and York, en route
for Australia, was : compelled to stop
about three miles from Suez.
Mangled by an Explosion.
PHOENIX, Ariz., March 31.-George
Lacy, an old-time prospector, .waa hor
ribly mangled by an explosion of dynamite
near Yuman Friday. • ' . I
ETJXGAB/ANS ATTEMPT
" INVASION OF MACEDONIA
CORPUS CHRISTI, Tex^. March 31.— A
representative of Speyer and Co., of New
York, who recently purchased the Mexi
can National Railroad Company, accom
panied by General Superintendent Brown,
and J. N. Galbraith, superintendent of
the northern division of the Mexican
National, arrived here this morning from
Laredo, and spent several hours Inspect
ing the company's Interests here.
It Is said that Vice President Gabriel
Morton is to be made General Manager
of the National. The road connects at
Ariel with the San Antonio and Aransas
Pass, a Southern Pacific property.
Rumored That Vice President Gabriel
'"* x Morton Will Become National's
General Manager.
NEW YORK RAILROAD MAN
... INSPECTS MEXICAN ROAD
Which Will Be. Simple, Are
,' Now Complete.
WASHINGTON, March 81.—Arrange
ments for the ceremonies attending the
unveiling of the statue of General John
A. Logan In Iowa Circle, April 9, have
been completed. '
Oh account of the few regular troops
available for use In connection "with the
unveiling ceremonies, only a provisional
r*giment of the District National Guard.
a 1 light battery of artllerry and two com
panies of Marines will participate.
General Granville M. Dodge, the pre
siding officer, will open the exercises,
after which Rev. Frank W. Bristol of the
Metropolitan M. E. Church will deliver
the Invocation. This will be followed by
the presentation of the sculptor. Franklin
Simons, and the unveiling of the statue
of Master John Tucker, a grandson.
President McKinley will make a short
address, Senator Der>ew will deliver the
oration and a benediction will bring the
ceremonies to a close.
Many veteran organizations will take
part in the ceremonies and It is expected
delegations will be present from the So
ciety of the Army of the Tennessee, the
Army of the Cumberland and the Loyal
Legion. •
Arrangements for the Ceremgny,
GENERAL; TJOGAN'S STATTJE
SHORTLY TO BE TJITVEIIjED
• Emperor William inclines to the air rifle
itheory. His physicians incline to the be
lief that a piece of iron was thrown. The
Emperor is also convinced that Weiland
was a tool,- and in this conviction he is
sustained by his entourage.
Immediately after the preliminary In
vestigation is closed the evidence will be
sent to the* imperial court at Lelpsic,
whose president will come to Berlin at
Eastertide to confer with Herr von
Schoenstadt, Prussian Minister of Justice,
and with the Imperial Judicial Depart
ment with a view to ascertaining whether
sufficient grounds exist to begin a trial
for high, treason. : . ¦ " . " • ; /. ¦ ,
- BERLJN, March 31.— There is the high
est authority for the statement that the
investigation into the causes of the attack
upon Emperor ¦William by Dieterich Well
and Is still being vigorously pushed. The
imperial court at Lelpsic, which alone
can try cases of high treason, has sent
two officials to Berlin to assist in the in
vestigation, which is now directed chiefly
with a view to clearing up three points
not yet explained, namely— what company
Weiland | regularly frequented before the
attempt; whether he received orders from
plotters, particularly anarchists, socialists
or Anglophoebes, to carry out the at
tempt, having also in view what has be
come of the suspicious persons who were
seen near him just before it was made,
and what weapon was used by Weiland
or by some other person.
Evidence, tending 1 to throw light upon
these points has been accumulated, but it
is too slight to warrant indictment. The
question whether Weiland actually threw
ajlece of iron, as was at first alleged, or
some one fired a shot from an air rifle is
still unanswered to the satisfaction of the
authorities. • •< - .
Investigation Into the * Supposed
¦ Conspiracy Is Being Vigorously
Prosecuted by Berlin"
Authorities.
Believes Thi3 Was Weapon
Used in Weiland's At
tack Upon Mm.
KAISER TARGET
FOR AN AIRGUN
Another carload of Trunks and Valises
just arrived, which we are' selling at our
carload prices.' Sanborn, • Vail & Co., .741
Market . street. , -¦' •
nual One, of More Than Usual
Importance.
PHILADELPHIA, March SL— The sev
enth annual meeting of the National
Municipal League and the ninth confer
ence for good city government will be
held In Rochester, N. Y., on May 8, 9 and
10. This year's session will be of more
than usual importance, not alone for the
subjects that will come up for discussion,
but bv reason of the prominence of the
gentlemen who will participate in the de
liberations of the meeting.
Among those who will present papers
nr deliver addresses are D. I. Fulton of
Allegheny, John McVicar of Des Moines,
Charles B. Spohr of New York, Professor
John H. Finley of Princeton, Dr. J. H.
Hortsman of Heidelburg. Germany.
Charles E. Monroe of Wisconsin, J. S.
McLain of Minneapolis. R. Fulton Cut
ting of New York, Starr Hoyt and Wil
liam Ritchie of Chicago, Charles Nagle of
Bt. Louis, John F. Moore of Boston, C.
J. Bonaparte of Baltimore. A- L. Howe
of New Orleans and Herbert B. Ames of
Montreal.
Departing Ice Does Damage.
LA CROSSE, WIs., March 3L— The re
mainder of the ice in the Mississippi went
out to-day, doing much damage. Large
cakes came down with a rush from the
upper river, destroying the piers. Part
of the protection along the levee Is
washed away. The damage to the dty
and bridge will be large.
Colonial Officials Confer.
LONDON, March 3L— A conference was
held yesterday at the Colonial office on
the Newfoundland fisheries question. Mr.
Chamberlain presided. Lord LansdowTjc,
Secretary for Foreign Affairs, and Mr.
Bond, the Newfoundland Premier, were
present.
Diaz May Seek Europe.
MEXICO CITY, March 31.— The official
Gazette says that various newspapers hers
announce that President Diaz will ask
permission to go to Europe for tbe benefit
of his health. The Gazette denies that th«
President will make the trip.
Present Conference, the Ninth An-
CONGEESS OF MUNICIPAL
LEAGUES IN 2JEAB, FUTURE
$30.00 from Chicago; $47.00 from New York;
SZ7.50 from EC Louis; $25.00 from Missouri
River points to California via Santa Fe Route.
Tickets good on tourist and reclining chair
cars. Excursions leave Chicago every Tues
day until April SO. See the Santa Fe Ticket
Agent at €41 Market street.
Cheap Bates.
Those who are to take part in the splen
did programme of vocal and instrumental
music are Mrs. G. Arnold, Edsrar Mills,
Mrs. J. Casserly. .-Miss Bessie Ames, Wil
liam Byrne, Miss Agnes Bergin, the
Misses Sherman, Burbank Sommers, Mr.
and Mrs. B. G. Lathrop. Miss Hulda An
derson and a chorus of men's voices from
the Bohemian Club. Every one of the
performers is a distinguished artist in his
or her line. Mrs. Arnold is the fortunate
possessor of a magnificent soprano voles
that has had all the advantages of the
best European training.. She Is going to
sing an aria from Max Bruch that is
bound to create a sensation. Edgar Mills
has, a tenor solo, "Am Rhein und Beim
The society concert for the benefit of the
Seaman's. Institute to be 'held at the Hop
kins Institute of Art on the evening of
April 9 is rapidly shaping itself into a
tremendous affair. I stand ready to af
firm that the last concert, held at the Pal
ace, won't be a marker to this one either
in point of attendance or in the pro
gramme offered. The seats this year have
been scaled down to $2, against $5 last
year, but then there are some twenty
boxes to be sold at $50 per. Ten of these
boxes have already been sold and the
holders are: Mrs. Frank Carolan. Mrs.
William H. Crocker, Mrs. Irvine, Mrs.
Irwin. Mrs. A. T. Folger, Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, Mrs. Whitelaw Reid, Mrs. Henry
T. Scott, Mrs. Welch and Mrs. Tobin.
nobly and well and that not one dashing
lieutenant turned pale as he shot down
the chutes. There were any number of
pretty girls in the party, but the queen
of them all was Polly Dunn.
At the Presidio hop on Friday last pret
ty Gertrude Dutton was voted the belie
of the evening-^ Other beauties who were
"among those present" were Leontim;
Blakeman, Charlotte iSllinwood, Maybelle
Stone and Ruth Dunham.
I never attended a tea where the hostess
had the rare good luck Mrs. Bryant had -'
seventeen girls in the receiving party, and
each one a beauty and a belle. They. were
without. exception the prettiest bunch of
girls ever assembled under one roofi. T^ie
three fiancees in whose honor the tea Was
given— Charlotte Cunningham, Lena Hall
and Edna Van Wyck— spent the greater
part of the three hours holding out their
respective left hands to let the company
see how their respective rings sparkled. : i
I think, though, that it wasn't-the prettv ;
girls alone that made the tea the howling ;
success it was. It was the hostess— her!
savoir faire and the happy knack she
showed in selecting so congenial a party.
¦Wein,", from Franz Reiss, op. 35, that Is
going to show himself off at his very best,
and Mills' best is not r. little thing. Great
things In the way of applause are predict
ed for a trio with. Mrs Casserly (haro),
Lathrop (violin) and. Bessie Ames (cello ».
It is hard_ly_£air. of me, though, to single
out any of those who so graciously have
volunteered to take part. One and all are
worthy of the highest praise. This is the
second society concert and it looks to mo
as though it had come to stay and. take
just such a fashionable place in the so
cial history of the citv as the annual
Mardi Gras or the horse show. Another
feature of the concert will be that you
¦frill not have to go out for your supper.
The supper room will be under Wheeler's
direction and a dainty repast ' will be
serevd at a most moderate price.
The patronesses of the concert are: Mrs.
Francis Carolan, Mrs. Casserly, Mrs. Wil
liam H. Crocker, Mrs. J. A. Donohoe, Mrs.
A. J. Folgrer, Mrs. J. D. Grant. Mrs. Head.
Mrs. Irvine, Mrs. Irwin, Mrs. Eleanor
Martin, Mrs. Hall McAllister, Mrs. Nich-:
ols, Mrs. George A. Pope, Mrs. Whltelaw
Reid, Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mrs. Lloyd
Tevis, Mrs. Tobin and Mrs. Welch. / . I
¦ ; ' • .
FAC-SIMILE OF THE INVITATIONS SENT OUT ON THURSDAY LAST
FOR WEDDING OF MISS CHARLOTTE CUNNINGHAM AND LIEU
TENANT KESSLER AT ST. LUKE'S.
meetings held last evening and attended
by about 3000 dockers and coalheavers It
was decided to continue the strike until
the masters concede an eight-hour day.
At a later meeting some 300 dock foremen,
who had not hitherto joined the strike, de
cided to retuse to continue to work with
the improvised dock hands until the de
mands of the strikers were conceded. This
will paralyze dock work, as inexperienced
laborers cannot work without foremeli.
The strikers' union has promised to sup
port the foremen against any conse
quences of their action when work Is re
sumed.
MONCEAU - LES - MINES, France
March 31. — Five thousand mining strikers
held a demonstration here to-night an'd
decided to continue the 6trike until the
meeting of the National Mines Congress,
at Lens, April 10.
All Sock Work Must Come to a Stop
With Their Absence.
MARSEILLES. April 1.— At strike
rOKEldEN" JOIN STRIKERS.
rears Violence at Hands of Strikers,
Whose Condition With That of
the Storekeepers Begins to
Be Desperate.
¦ ? . —
PAB1S, March 31.— The opposition news
papers assert that the Indisposition of
M. Waldeck-Rousseau, the Premier, is
diplomatic with a view of avoiding ac
companying President Loubet to Toulon
April 10. The theory is that the Premier,
owing to the proximity of Marseilles to
Toulon fears the Marseilles strikers who
are incensed at the refusal of the Gov
ernment to support them In the recent
strike, might organize a hostile demon
stration, either In Toulon or at some
point along the route.
Meanwhile the situation has not been
changed as a result of the conference be
tween the Premier and masters to-day.
The masters persist In their refusal to
discuss a day of eight hours, which has
all along been regarded by the strikers
as the crucial point In the dispute.
In epite of the increasing number of free
dockers now working, quantities of per
iehable goods He rotting on the docks.
Twenty-one steamers are awaiting dis
charge.
The general strike while it lasted and
the continued suspension of work has
done enormous Injury to the commerce
and Industry of Marseilles. The calcu
lations show an Industrial loss of some
25,000,000 francs, while the men have lost
more than 2,000,000 francs in wages. A
curious illustration of the bitterness
which the strike has engendered between
the men and the masters is seen in the
fact that the strikers instructed their del
egates to give formal notification to the
Minister of Finance of frauds in the oil
eeed trade, pointing out that oil 6eeds
were imported In bags which the custom
oOcIals have not been in the habit of
opening with the result that articles sub
ject to a much higher import duty are
smuggled In bags.
The commerce of Marseilles is for the
time being almost at a complete stand
still. Foodstuffs which are largely im
ported are now scarce. The prices of
sugar, coffee, flour and other necessary
articles have doubled. A number of fac
tories have been obliged to close. These
conditions, added to the serious damage
done by the floods and hail have thrown
the whole population Into deep misery.
The storekeepers and merchants intend
to appeal to the Government to remit the
taxes for the first three months of the
year.
Illness Feigned to Avoid
Accompanying Loubet
to Marseilles.
FRENCH PREMIER
POLICY'S VICTIM
Bourse Honey Scarce.
BERLIN, March 31.— The monthly set
tlement has passed off under a tighter
money market than usual, as well as
larger bull engagements than had been
expected. The husbanding of their re
sources by the banks for the imperial loan
caused a scarcity of money, and rates for
settlement purposes went as high as hVx
per cent. Nevertheless they eased up to
ward the end of the wee.k, and the private
rate of discount fell yesterday to 3%. Call
money was also easier.
The subscription of the Imperial loan
next "Wednesday is occupying great atten
tion. It is believed that the loan will be
heavily oversubscribed. Books will be
opened in all the German cities and also
at the London branches of the Deutsche
Bank. Already the Bourse has been liv
ened with the dealings in the scrip of the
loan. •
The Bourse regarded New York's boom
in railroad securities as exaggerated, con
sequently Berlin quotations lagged and
arbitrage made larger sales in New York,
causing further weakening in New York
exchange. The Bourse began the week
with a strong rise in coal and iron shares,
which was partly lost later. Nevertheless
the reports from U e iron centers continue
more favorable, showing a slight increase
In orders.
The week's movements in coal and iron
shares on the Bourse showed increases
ranging from five to fifteen points. The
outside public has begun buying both
classes of securities again, the German
excnange last week being strongly influ
enced jy Vienna and Wew York. . The
American Iron situation continues to be
sharply watched. Op'nions agree that im
provement in America- means improve
ment here. The rice trust has decided to
raise its .capital from 4,000,000 to . 30,000,000
marks. IMffMWtl(Wfr«<S'Jw«g|j
LONDON, March 31.— The Stock Ex
change was startled last week by consols
dropping to $5%, although they subse
quently recovered, closing at 95%, with no
prospect of a material rise. If this con
tinues British credit may soon be down to
the German level. The market, apart from
the American section, was not exciting.
There is no prospect of much activity in
the other markets until after the Easter
holidays, when, if money is cheap, things
may be more lively. Home railroad secu
rities, showed a general revival, many ad
vancing from one to three points, owing
partly to bear, realizations.
Business In Americans was conducted
on a considerable scale, interest in the
market increasing. Several cases showed
good' advances, although the best figures
were not always maintained, owing to
profit taking here and in Berlin. The
market, however, was very hard. Among
the increases were Chicago, Milwaukee
and St. Paul 2, Illinois Central 1%, Erie %,
New York Central %, Erie firsts Vi, New
York, Ontario and Western %, Union Pa
cific preferred hi. Beading firsts and sec
onds %, Missouri, Kansas, and Texas %
and Reading common %. Wabash fell %,
Denver and Rio Grande %, Baltimore and
Ohio U. Chesapeake and Ohio M. Norfolk
and "Western % and Pennsylvania and
Southern %. Money was easy; until Mon
day, 3%@4 per cent; for a week, 3%@4;
three months' bills. 2%.
ENGLISH CONSOLS
DROP VERY LOW
Further Fall May Reduce
English Credit to Grer
• man Level.
* .. * *
Maybe it was not a jolly party of swell
Presidio beaux that went out to the
Chutes on Thursday last and put in an
hour on the merry-go-round. I don't sup
pose it is telling secrets to say that the
cavalry officers sat the wooden horses
• • •
Mrs. Henry T. Scott, Mrs. Sidney M.
Smith, Mrs. Horace D. Pillsbury, Mrs.
Louis Parrott, Mrs. Asa Simpson, Mrs.
Philip Caduc. Mrs. G. W. Kline, Mrs. A.
N. Drown. Mrs. E. A. Belcher. Mrs. R.
W. Heath, Mrs. J. G. Clark, Mrs. Louis
Monteagle, Miss Eleanor Davenport, offi
cers of the Twenty Minute Society of St.
Luke's Church, are busy preparing for
an Easter sale to be held In the Sunday
school rooms of the church on Saturday
next, between the hours of 2 and 6. Easter
eggs, potted p}ants, choice cut flowers,
home-made cakes and candies will be dis
posed of by the ladles and the proceeds
devoted to . the furnishing and the beau
tifying of the church. Ladles who enjoy
an envied reputation as cuisinieres will
add their donations to the cake counter,
and several society belles will show what
they can do in the confectionery line.
* • •
Not until the day before Hugh Tevis
announced his engagement to an inquisi
tive world did Mrs. Tevis have the pleas
ure of meeting the beauty who is soon
to become the wife of her youngest son.
Of course, she was previously told of the
engagement and her words to her son
then were characteristic of her sweet and
noble disposition. "Any woman that my
son loves and who is worthy of his love
shall be gladly welcomed by me."
at the dinner given by Mrs.
George Crocker to Mrs. Stuyvesant
Fish I could not Xielp but think what had'
been and what might be. I can't remem
ber back to the days when Hattie Crocker
was a belle, and the California-street
mansion was the scene of many brilliant
gatherings, but I've heard about them
and am convinced it is not because they
belong to the long. ago that they linger
in such gorgeous fashion in the memory
of some who were /.'among those present."
The Crocker mansion is still the hand
somest home for entertaining in the city.
In spite of the fact that the best in art
and furnishing that graced the house has
been taken away and distributed among
the members of the family, it is still a
gorgeous place. There is a faded splendor
about it that makes one think of grand
fathers and ancestors and such inspiring
things. I saw an immense Satsuma vase
standing guard to the left of the grand
staircase with a great three-cornered
chip knocked out of it. The chip lay on
the supporting stand, and it had prob
ably reposed there for many years, for
the break had that yellowed look of an
tiquity.
The Crocker dinner, however, did more
than show to -the Eastern visitors the
splendor of the host's ancestors. It was
a sort of .ceremonious proclamation of the
amicable coming together of the two sis
ters-in-law. It* Is not so many years
since that Mrs. George and Mrs. Will
scarcely recognized each other as they
passed by, and it is still fewer years back
when they met face to face at Del Monte,
each with the identically same style coat
on, even to the size, number and color of
the buttons.
It was an awful time. Mrs. George had
ordered the swellest coat taste could dic
tate and money purchase. Mrs. Will had
given a similar order, but unfortunately
not to the same firm. In. due course of
time the garments were delivered. They
were unpacked and admired, and then
for some unaccountable reason, which
some people call fate, both ladles decided
to wear their respective coats on the very
same day. They met on the piazza in the
presence of their many respective friends.
It was a terrible thing. I believe, though,
that Mrs. Will was mistress of the very
trying situation. Mrs. George, I have
been told, retired in tears. However,
neither of the ladies ever appeared in
those coats again.
SOCIETY: CROCKER DINNER CALLS
up old Memories.
NEVER realized, until the other night,
how truly sad it is that the old Crock
er mansion is habitually dark and
closed. When I saw it bright with its
myriads of lights and spring flowers
BY SALLY SHARP.
Barrymore Unimproved.
.NEW YORK, March 31.— There was no
Improvement to-night | in 'the condition of
Maurice Barrymore, the actor, who Is a
patient in the;Bellevue Inssfne Pavilion.
The newspapers were given to Mr. Barry
more, but not until all reference was cut
out. At a late hour .to-night he was rest
ing, more quietly than at . any , time since
his admission; .: -\ •
Styria May-Be Saved.
MIAMI, Fla., March 31.— The steamer
Styria, previously reported stranded on
French Reef, has discharged. 5000 bales of
cotton and 700 barrels of oil: The ship
and her cargo are valued at $1,500,000. The
ship probably will be saved.- .
Earthquake at Odessa.
ODESSA, March 31.— The city expe
rienced to-day a distinct siesmic disturb
ance.- ¦ - • • ¦¦ ' ¦: " '. •• :.?.¦:•¦•¦:-¦;.-' ¦"¦
Enriched by Donations From
the Retired Steel King.
PORTLAND, Or., March 31.— Andrew
Carnegie has offered to give $100,000 to the
city of Portland for a free public library
building* .provided the city will guaran
tee a site and sufficient annual incoma
for its maintenance. The Portland Li
brary Association now has a building ani
library valued at $360,000 and the two w<:l
probably be consolidated
CARNEGIE WTLL GIVE
THOUSANDS TO PORTLAND
Oregon's Metropolis Among tire Cities
"According to Prussian traditions," he
continued, "only the winning of a battle
or the capturing of a first-rate fortress
entitles one to that honor. This has not
been vouchsafed to me, but in my own
vindication I can say that for twelve
years I have worked on the army to the
utmost of my power, and I think I have
succeeded in keeping it up to the level of
its past.
"In a few years I hope to be strong
enough at sea to secure respect for the
name of Germany throughout: the world.
This new offensive flank which I am
building on the army by means of a pow
erful fleet will place Germany in, a posi
tion to defy all danger, no matter when
a combination may- be . formed against
her." .,:*. /
His Majesty then proceeded to say that
for a long time, and in deference to the
solicitation of Field Marshals Prince Al
brecht. Count von Blumenthal and Count
von "Walderse?, he had considered the
question of assuming the grade of field
marshal.
"At that time the position I should as
sume with reference to the army was hid
den in the mist of the future. To-day no
doubt is possible on this point. I may
say that since the "command of the army
has devolved upon me I have exercised it
and drilled it so that when I put it to a
trial I may feel secure and certain that it
will not fail me." .
BERLIN, March' 31.— The Berlin papers
publish a speech said to have, been deliv
ered by Emperor William on May 29 of
last year at a luncheon following a parade
of the guards. His Majesty referred to
the occasion of a parade of the guards on
May 29, 1888, before Emperor Frederick,
who was then seriously ill, and continued
as follows:
Berlin Papers Republish a
Former Speech by
William.
KAISER LAUDS
GERMAN ARMS
THE SAN: FRANCISCO CALL, - : . MONDAY, APRIL 1, 1901.
5
ADVEBTISEBCENTS.
TELEPHONE *#$Sll!jS[
222-224 SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY.
BUtter, C^amerlr^^uare . 29C
Last week 40c.
No C. 0. D. orders for butter only will
be filled during this sale.
Baking Powder, "S£» i b . can 30c
Absolutely pure. Regularly 40c.
ICona Coffee. Ii^J An^ ich Ib 20c
Resularly 25c. Ground or roasted." of
an exceptionally fine flavor.
Agate Covered Convex Cook Pot.
."^i ' «^ Reg. 85c. Genuine. Agate.
-' '/^ m 4-quart. "We are over-
«5Bfc^J . • stocked in in*
ggj^ap this size. 'Uli
¦»^' Fly Paper,
double sheets. In.
\ ¦ ' "Tanslefoot." 'HJv
German Rhim Wine. \ t Ao^ a . $5.50
. Vintage' 1893. Limited quantity. Im-
ported Geisenheimer or Durkheimer.
Frpnrh Hfarot Sraa11 shipment of j.
. rf Clltll bldlCt. Michaelsen & Co., Bor-
deaux —
Pontet Canet 1 doz. qts. S8.5O
St. Julien " l doz. qts. SG.3O
St Estephe : 1 doz. qts. f 5.50
O.K. ; Whisky, £&.-.. 3 bots $200
1 bottle 75c
Regularly U bottle. trail nit tQ (1(1
Regularly $4 gallon. gdllUU $O'UU
The Reliable Bourbon.
Branly. oftS'pw bottle 75c
'KaMgffi: gallon $3.00
•Perfums. "Victoria" toltle 25c
For better Introduction. Regufarly 60c.
Assorted odors; 1-4-oz. cut glass bottles.
Tooth Powder, "Victoria" bot 20c
" Llsterated or plain. Regularly 25c.
Face Powder. "Victoria" box 20c
Poudre Victoria. Regularly 25c.
Matzos 3 lbs 25c
Are fresh and will keep.
Matzo Meal, SV. 2 lbs 25c
Potato Flour, R pfe 1Oc 4 pkgs 25c
6oosefet, KSSSinimn. Ib 70c
Regularly 85c.
Gasnsegriebsn jar 25c
In Jars with screw toss. Reg. 40c.
Honey in the Comb^cf • 15c
Smoke Lebenbaum's "Velasquez"
Fine Cigars.
EXTRA SPECIAL
Wednesday— Thursday— Friday.
PtlinV Our regrular French Ik nc.
bANUI. Mixed. Regularly 35c. 19 /wC
No better quality Bold elsewhere
for 60c.
APRIL CATALOGUE READY. .
Bridgework - ¦ $5.00
• We are making a specialty of
this work, using the best mate-
rials and employing skillful
operators. ?
credit if* Chalmers Co.,
Desired. 133 Powell St.
| ONE Al ID re
T^^Mk BOTTLE LURES
/ *§&&§ MCBI/RNEY'S
!/£• ?wKidney« n c d 5'gg'
tD i/fv ¦*¦ thorough core far
f€\ i I f pains in tbe tack,
Sf A? 1 BRIGHT'S DISEASE.
• r^^K 24 r y.7 female troubles, incoa-
tiuence Of urine, brick dnst deposits, bed-
wetting oi children, gravel, gall atone*,
dropsy, diabetes, and rneamatlaia. ~"
FOR SALE AT
• No Percentage Drug Co., 919-951 Market
et.; Dahlbender Drug Co., 214 Kearny at.
Send 25c in 2c stamps to W. F.'McBumey,
418 S. Spring et, Los Angeles. Cal.. for S
days' treatment. Prepaid H 50. Druggists.
®VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY forMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been in use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
! lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
eigarette-smokinir. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame. Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. «™ *-\ Yerfcocele or Con-
stipation. Stops N«5O T s ,Tw"chJng
of Eyelids, Effect* ZZ, ZCg, » ' • Immediate.
Impart vigor andC^* TS potency to everj
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
hand. Restore small. undeveloi>ed crsrans.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers: 50c a
box? I i for $2 60 by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free Address BISHOP REMEDY CO..
So Kills * it, San Francisco. Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 88 and -40 Third »t.
M b I ¦ HP These hotels pos-
rAI AliT sess the attributes
I HLMUi- that tot?ris ts and
nnfj . travelers appreciate
Oil II — central location,
pnA&in liberal raanage-
uflAllU merit, modern ap-
¦ mvn O pointments and
HI! H N. perfect cuisine,
Sail FranCiSCO. , ropean plans.
DR.PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL'
DISCOVERY
FOR THE.
1 B8_OOP.LlVER.B.UiyGS.
5^ffltS^CTTREt>^aM Gleet, Spermatorrhoea,
>KSBFinlto5<l»To!S Whites on natural di*
JS&B On^atwi a char S' • or •« inflaromft.
sf&£lf not to ttrieiare. tion. l ritatlon or ulcer*-
Pb ~B[*iLTnnTT — --p— tion f m n c o u * ciem-
KSItheEvmis Chewic.iCo. b " D «-. No °" a8^i,fl Ilt
\li£s* nupiNiUl 0 K73S SoId by tomSStets,
w^TFt7$? m 8f>nt ia wr ? pr ? r '
l®^ 1 * S^fi by expreni prepaid^ *>i
. DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For the cure of 'GONORRHEA. GLEETS,
STRICTURES and>analoeou» complaints of tn<
Oreans:of Generation. ,. . :
Price Jl a bottle. ( For sale by druggist*
17TCr'W17R»Q CONCERT HOUSE.
rioOnJ&n O Admission lOc.
Wm McDonald, Mullaly Sisters, Mabel Mar-
tin De Camp and Murdock. the Melvern Fam-
11'-* Tom Mack and Hinricns' Orchestra. Re-
served Seats, 23c. Matinee Sunday.
WEEK APRIL 1ST TO «TH.
S XX HIGH-CLASS RACES EACH DAY.
TUESDAY— HURDLE" RACE.
THURSDAY-HANDICAP.
SATURDAY— COLTS' JND TRIAL STAKES.
NEXT WEEK— SEVERAL jpiO EVENTS.
First Race Dally at 2:10 P. M.
Trains from Third and Townsend streets-r-7.
9J0 11:30 a. m.; 12:40. 1. 1:30, 2 p. m. - -„
Returning leave Track 4:15 and thereafter at
short intervals. Rear cars reserved for ladles
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. TARE) $1 B.
MILTON 8. LATHAM. Secretary.
E. J. POWER. Racing Secretary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
DAfEC TANFOBAN
KAlEJ PARK.
EVERY AFTERNOON and EVENING.
Barnes' Dog and Pony Show.
AL AND MAMTE ANDEBSO2T,
SWOB, AND HATHAWAY, JOS.
EDWABDS, BOSELL AND
CLOXTOH, NEW MO VINO PIC
TUBES.
LEAH MAYJhe Giantess.
AMATEUR NIGBT, THURSDAY.
Telephone for Seats Park 23.
CHUTES and ZOO
BY J. M. BARRIE.
Founded on hla novel of the same name.
Next Monday • - - BLANCHE WALSH
In "MORE THAN QUEEN."
CHARLES FROHMAN Presents
THE THR
SUCCESS - * «»¦»
2U&\r. LITTLE
MINISTER
SECOND AND FINAL WEEK.
EVERY NIGHT. MATINEE SATURDAY.
f*ftl IIMQHA SA.1 FRANCISCO'S
UULUI¥3s3lM leadim theatre
Orchestra, 25c.
THIS MORNING.
PRICES.. 10c. 13c 25c, 50a
Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c
Good Reserved Seats at Sunday Matinee Ja
"CINDERELLA."
Introducing "Walter Morosco'a Beautiful
SHETLAND PONIES. Which, "With Their Baby
Offspring "Will Be on View In Lobby oC
Theater From Wednesday.
SALE OF SEATS COMMENCES 9 O'CLOCK
SATURDAY EVENING. APRIL I.
First Appearance of Our NEW EASTERN
STOCK COMPANY In th» Easter Dramatic
Spectacle,
+m jff fi^^ rf^% 4fQt
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
P81CES- ----«. 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
Next Week— "A COAT OF MANT COLORS.-
Beautiful Realistic Scenery.
AHea , t TENNESSEE'S
WM PARDNER.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
Bret Hart e" s Dramatized Novel.
HK&ftSrW
TO-NIGHT.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and Mo
Telephone— Bush 9. 1
"THE IDOL'S EYE"-Hoot Mon!
SATURDAY EVENING, April 6.
No Matinee Saturday This Week on Account
of Great Preparations for
The Wedding Day
*TIVOLI*
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
LAST FIVB NIGHTS of the Musical Hit.
"JOSEPHINE AND NAPOLEON."
Reserved seats. 25c; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
and box seats, 50c.
Matlneea Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
Eisner and Company. Presenting
MARIE "WAINWRIGHT, Assisted by Edwart
AND BURKE; "A GIRL, OP QUALITY";
HAMILTON HILL. BLTIT SHEPARD.
CALLAHAN AND MACK. SCOTT A«D
¦WILSON; BIOGRAPH SHOWING QUEEN
VICTORIA'S FUNERAL, and
LAST WEEK OF
AN ABSOLUTELY NEW BILL
TSCHERNOFTS DOGS; FTILX.ER. MOLT,ER
WEEEY CALL
$1 pep Year*
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMUNA BITTERS. THE
treat Mexican remedy; gives health an 1
strength to sexual organ*. Depot, 123 Market.
" Bei n g oh Lager"
-^^^JjRj^^^* storing of beer
to properly mature.
_/^j®raHJ|^F The enormous cold
r^]0^$v^ storage capacity of
Aiiheuser-BusehBrewingAss'n
. . : St. Louis, U. S. A.
enables them to " lager" their beers >
five to^six months before bottling, thus
insuring age, flavor and healthf ulness. *
Brew*rs of the famous Budweiser, Black & Tan, . Faust, ; Anheuser-
Standard, Pale-Lager, -Export Pale, Michelob arid' Exquisite.
- *' .'"«- ¦ Orden prompt ly- filled by ' __
E. G. LYONS COMPANY, Wholeslale ¦Dealers, SAN FRANCISCO.
Telephone Brown 931.
Residence, 821 California St.. below Powell.
IA/. T. HOSS.
HOTABT PUBLIC AHD ATTOOTSY-AT-HW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013. Claus Spreckete Bids.
The herbs of this wonderful remedy act directly
on the kidneys and correct any disorders of
those vital organs quicker than any other
remedy.
A ioo-Page Book of Stories and fgT^^Y
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free Vjig^sj^
•th even' 55-cer.t package. J#&S*£«s!
ALL DRUGGISTS. Vraocwam?
JmcqL^Jjth
Axe you one of those Kidney Crip-
ples with a weak back? Can't stand
up erect without those sharp pains in
small of the back. Waken up in the
night with distress in the kidneys,
which makes you restless and unable
to sleep well. You are in danger of
Bright's Disease and should correct
the trouble at once with
Kidney Cripples
PDirPC Evenings ..lOc. 15c. 3Se. J»»«
rttltfcj Matinees lOc. lSe. 23o
Next Week— MR. DOWNING as INGOMAR.
*> a Stupendous Production of
"THE GLADIATOR."
100— — PEOPLE ON THE STAGE ICO
Mr Downlnrs First Appearance at Popular
Eeglnnlng TO-NIGHT. Every Ev|g This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Special . Engagement or America's Tragedian.
ROBERT DOWNING
Supported by the Central Stock Company, la
BEpiSCOAmaTfUUCS y: p gr[^
AMUSEMENTS.
ON
Prices., Playing Cards. Poker Chips, Crib
Boards, Dice and. Tally Cards. The very
best , assortment " and the lowest prices.
For sale In Leather Goods Department.
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Boycotters Active.
The boycott is not yet off as far aa the
California Baseball j League Is concerned.
Yesterday union men walked up and down
in front of the Recreation Grounds . with
banners on which, were printed -tho re
quest for all to refuse patronage of the
games.
Death of a Prominent Farmer.
./ETNA, : March 31.-rGeorge . Smith, a
pioneer of Scott Valley, V aged;- 76 years,
died last "Wednesday night arffl was buried
yesterday, j; For • many ' years he ha d been
engaged in - farming and . amassed about
$100,000.* ;He leaves -¦ three children, among
them a daughter who lives in San Fran
cisco. Smith was a native of Loud in.
Gold in Arizona ; Mountains.
PHOENIX. Ariz., March "31.— A- gold
strike of good proportions - has just been
made invthe Marlcopa range of. moun
tains, about nine miles souths of -Phoenix.
The strike is- In no way; of. a. sensational
nature, | but i a dozen long ; ledges, - : bearing
rock assaying at an average of $20 per ton,
are being uncovered. •
tb*~day a success. - - <_y .• • ,
The honors of the bowllngr tournament
•were carried off by youthful E. S. Rake of
San Rafael. Only one club shot over the
rifle ranges. The Vereln Elntracht Schuet
zen Club held its regular bullseye shoot.
Schuetzen Park Picnic.
SAN RAFAEL.. March 3L— The opening
of Schuctzen Park for the season was
celebrated to-day with a large picnic. The
early trains from the city brought big
crowds to the v grounds. A band of music,
dancing, games and perfect weather made
OAKLAND. March 3L— The Reliance
Athletic Club will hold a boxing night
Tuesday. April 9. The star events, will be
two fifteen-round bouts, for which "Kid"
McFadden and "Chick" Finnerty, 118
pounds, and Tommy Cox and Tom Her
man, 126 pounds, have been matched.
Lewis Long, a rising- boxer of the club,
and Jack McMurry of San Francisco will
appear In a six-round preliminary.
Beliance Club Boxing.
Victory for Elkes.
PANAMA PARK, Fla., March
teen hundred people witnessed the cham
pionship cycle races here to-day. .The
chief event was a match race .between
Harry Elkes and O. W. Brown, the cham
pion of Indiana. Elkes conceded Brown
one-third of a mile in five miles and won
easily. Time, 8:03 1-5. .
Wai thour beat Cadwell of, Boston in a
ten-mile match race. .Time, 18:111-5. -
Cadwell won the mile- professional
handicap, .with forty yards handicap;
Walthour. scratch, second. There were
six entries.
HAGCI1T BUYS THE
' KEBB STOCK FARM
LEXINGTON, Ky.T- March 3L— J. B.
Hag-gin has closed a deal for the J.' H.
Kerr farm of 54f acres, adding to the Elm
dorf. stock farm. This gives him over 4500
acres within' one fence In Fayette County.
The price was $100 per acre. - His new
home, which will cost $300,000, Is nearing
completion. His purchases of thorough
breds for March, chiefly from Eastin and
Larrabie. are estimated to aggregate
about $150,000. He will soon .bring a num-
Tjer of his horses here from California.
San Jose Bike Races.
SAN JOSE, March Sl.-Two thousand
people gathered at Recreation Park this
afternoon to witness the bike races, given
under the management of Floyd McFar
land. j The event was notable for the pres
ence of several of tne world's .greatest
riders. Interest centered in the ten-mile
race for professionals, which was par
ticipated in by Howard Freeman and Tom
Cooper, paced' by motor machines. Free
man led to the eighth mile, when he was
passed by Cooper, who opened a gap of
100 yards by the time the goal was
reached. Time. 16:55. Fastest mile.' 1:35.'.
Nelson rode a five-mile- exhibition hi
8:16 3-5. equaling the coast record.
Other events were: Two-thirds mile,
handicap, •professional— Cooper won, H.
Downing second, Freeman third. Time,
1:20 4-5. -
Two-^hlrds mile. - handicap, amateur-
Burton r>ownlng won. Lace Downing sec
ond, Wastle third. Time, 1:21 4-5.
One-third mile, novice— Agraz won. De
mar second, Llmberg third. Time. :49 1-5.
One mile open amateur — Lace Downing
won. Burton Downing second, McDonald
third. Time. 2:07 3-5. /
Following tne Foxhounds.
Francis Carolan has Issued a card show
ing the fixtures of the San Mateo County
Hunt for April. To-morrow morning the
hpunds will be laid on at the kennels at
I Burllngame at 9:15. On Wednesday, April
3, the rendezvous will be at the Howard
Woods. Crystal Springs road, at 4 in the
afternoon. On Sunday, April 7, the scene
of the meet will be the club grounds at
Burllngame and the time 2:30 ii\the after
noon. On Monday, April 8, the" hounds will
be laid on at the kennels. Burlingame. at
9:15 in the morning. On Wednesday. April
10." Laurel Creek, Beresford, will be the
point where the pack will throw off, the
hour set being 4 in the afternoon. The
last fixture on the card Is a meet at Uncle
Tom's Cabin on the San Bruno road at 4
p. m. on Saturday. April 13. The Chal
lenge cup cross-country steeDlechase will
take place on Sunday. April 7.
F. West secures the gold bar as the time tro
phy and C. H. Williams the silver bar aa place
prize, together with an order for a racing suit.
The club held a run to witness the
event, uiylex Captain A. E. J. Nye.
Johnny Nelson, the champion middle
distance rider of America, arrived here
Saturday with his trainer, O. L. Pickard,
and Jean Juel and George Pickard, his
pacers. He also brought a number ¦ of
motor pacing machines, and -will train on
the San Jose track to condition himself
for the coming season on the Eastern cir
cuit. The party went to San Jose yester
day. Tom Cooper, the American short
distance champion, is now at San Jose,
and a match race has been proposed be
tween the- two for $1000 a side, as Cooper
thinks he can defeat Nelson at the middle
distance game.
GRANT SMITH WINS >/¦;' &>
HANDICAP TOURNAMENT
1>efeats Harold • Crowell in the
Finals in Two Straight
Sets. • Y'-!:-
A large crowd ¦was ¦ on hand yesterday
at the California Tennis Club to witness
the handicap singles tournament, which
was won in clever style by Grant Smitli.
Smith had for his opoonent in the finals
Harold Crowell, whom , he defeated with
out a struggle, the score being 6— 0, B— 1.
.There was only one match In the pre
liminary round, which was won by Harry
Young, who defeated Charles.: Kuehn on
even ¦ terms — 6 — 3, .6 — 3. ¦ The -winner played
a very steady game, while his opponent
was slightly- off in 'his play. r The first
match of the first round was "between
Richard Erskine and Louis Delano. 'These
players met on even ¦„ terms and . Erskine
won easily— ft— 3, 6—1. -The next match
was between Grant Smith, and Harry
Young, in which '» the latter received odd.;
of thirty and one-half fifteen.- Young 1 was
suffering from stage fright and Jjis oppo
nent -won easily— 6— 2, 6—2. R./N. WhU
ney next played Harold Crowell, whom he
allowed a handicap of fifteen, and after
having the first set — * — 1 — finally lost. The
score in Crowell' s favor ¦was ,9 — 7... 6 — 2.
The .next match was rather a surprise, as
Ray Crowell, allowing odds of. fifteen to
Sidney. Salisbury, looked to be a winner,
but the latter won- rather- easily — 6 — 1,
6— 3. - :..:•. -. -- , . ¦'. .
In the seroi-flnal round Smith' allowed
Erskine odds of thirty and one-half fif
teen, and after a fierce struggle , won.
The score in Smith favor was 1 — 6,' 6 — 1.
6 — 1.- After the first set it looked as it
Smith had not a chance, but he steadied
down and , finallv won out. The other
match of the semi-finals was between Sal
isbury and Crowell. The latter allowed
his opponent half thirty and won easily—
6—1, «— 3.
In the final match Crowell was given a
handicap on- Smith, but, preferred to
play him on even terms. The outcome was
never in doubt, as 'Crowell was able to ob
tain i only one game in two sets. Smith
played a remarkably good game and had
his opponent taken the handicap of half
fifteen the- match would probably have
been - very . close. ' I*rizes were given to
Smith and Crowell.
t. Harry Wlehe and William Roth, the
Stanford experts, were out' practicing yes
terday on -the local " courts. ¦ "Wiehe • beat
"William -Collier— €—3, 6 — 1 — and.; Harrv
Haight— 6— 4, 7—5, 6—0. -Roth ,was: some
what out of t practice and -was beaten in
'straight sets by Collier— £-2/ 7— s
GOLCHER WINS LONG
yiO DISTANCE CASTING
Brotherton and Mansfield Carry OfE
•. ¦ Other Events at Stow .
• ' Lake.
The Fly Casting Club members gs .thered
at Stow Lake yesterday to compete in
the second series of the season. The first
contest ! was held In February jf this
year, after which the contests wer 5 post
poned until' the present meeting oaring to
various interferences with the sciedule,
among them being the draining and
cleaning of the lake. The lake yes terday
was about, two feet below high water
mark but was perfectly clear.
.'In the contest Golcher was. first in the
lengj distance, with. 105 feet; Broi herton
first in accuracy, with 94 2-12 per ce: it, an.1
Mansfield first in delicacy, with 87 ; : 12 per
cent.' ¦ •¦¦".:
i The detail scores follow: ; V.T,-'ii
CABKIER PIGEONS
MAKE RECORD FLY
One-Hundred Mile Race From Marys
ville to Oakland Won by
A.* Mclntyre.
OAKLAND, March 31. — Thirty-five,
pigeons, representing the lofts of A. Mo-
Intyre and B. T/ McBa'n, were raced to- 1
day from Marysville, the 100-mile station
of the Pacific Pleeon Club, to this city.
The birds were liberated this mornine at
7 o'clock. * v^: •' "— M
The first birds to reach the trap loft
were four belon&ingr to A. Mcln tyre, their
speed being as follows: -
A.. 2127, in loft, 9:37; speed, 1113.0,6 yards per^
m BB .^'ass. in ; loft, 9 :37',4 ; speed. 1115.51 yards
Pe A.. m ie94, te in loft, 9:38; speed. 1111.98 yardsper
"bb.?^.' in loft. 9:40; Epeed, 1097.83 yards per
minute. . -" ¦ s.
A minute later ten of McBain's carriers
were in his lofts, having- made a speed of
10S3 82 yards a minute. This was the rec
ord fly of the season and compares very
favorably with the best of previous years.'
The first bird to arrive home made the
100 miles in 2 hours 37 minutes. .The fly
was under the direction .of the Pacific
Pigeon Club: ;'- ";
MAZES STSONG PEOTEST
AGAINST THE BOYCOTT
W. H. Currier "Writes a I*stter in Ex
planation of the Basaball
Club Trouble. .
All the trouble over the union standing -
of the San Francisco Baseball Club ia
laid, in the following communication, at
the feet of P. H. McCarthy, one of the
Civil Service Commissioners and the
president of the Building Trades Council:
EDITOR THE CALL: As I was the first one
in the San Francisco Labor Council to oppose
the acilon of P. H. McCarthy In seeking to boy
cott the San Francisco Baseball League, will
you permit me an explanation through your
columns?
On the evening of Friday, March 15. a dele
sate from the Varnishers' and Polishers' Union
Informed' the Council that owing .to the fact
that Henry Harris, manager and part owner
of the San Francisco Baseball Club, had em
ployed non-union help on hia cigar store la
making alterations and Improvements, through
the West Coast Furniture - Company, he re
quested the delegates to Teport to their respect
ive unions that the California Baseball League
be declared unfair when the San Francisco
Baseball Club played.
On motion made by myself the matter t as
referred to the executive board to ta»e action
on the following Wednesday evening. I began
an investigation at once and established these
facts:
First— That the contract let to the "West Coast
Furniture Company was not let by Mr.' Harris,
but by his partner. Mr. Goodman, and that he
was ignorant until after the contract was
signed that the West Coast Furniture Company
Second— That Mr. Harris specified in the con
tract let for the work done on the ball grounds
that Bald work must be done by union labor :
Thlrd-That Mr. Harris was the owner' of
but one-third of the San Francisco Baseball
Club; that the other two-thirds were owned by
T. F. Bonnet and E. Bert, both strong union
supporters, and in no way connected with Mr
Harris in the cigar and tobacco business, and
that a boycott on the San Francisco Baseball
Club would be an Injury to Mr. - Bonnet and
Mr. Bert, both Innocent parties to the grievance
of the Varnlshers* and Polishers' Union
Fourth-That as a matter of fact the' entire
matter emanated from the fertile brain of P
£• c ?,^ thy *^. who had U8ed his Position hi
the Building Trades to vent his per
sonal and political spite, not on Harris but
on Bonnet, who had assailed him and his do
loSrna" To^Ta^'" Commissioner la his
?J Ued^ n P'^RoMnlieis. secretary of
the San Francisco Labor Council, and obtained
h!s permission to have the officers of the. Call
fcrn a Baseball League appear before the ex
ecutive board on the following; Wednesday
evening: Alter the officers of the league haa
gr.ven their side of the controversy four of the
members of the board informed me that it was
very Plain to them that no boycott should be
placed by the San Francisco Labor Council oa
the San Francisco Baseball Club. v '" u " t " u "
n Rd dn°n O 3 t be w a nt UnI^ " aM °" * e «™
he did not want a boycott, and on this state
ment the report of the executive board waa
adopted. J am sure that not half a. dozen
members of the San Francisco Labor Council
then present did not think that that wa, " tte
K^, 9 ro o P i ? n^ 8 w^% C e a n ! e i rar d '
I never met • Harris. Bonnet nor Bert fn nrr
life until after the meeting of MaSh 13 t£t
aa a labor union man I-W convinced that
this boycott is a scheme oT tZ So P
H. McCarthy to wash his dirty poliuSu lln«i
£L. th ? «!>«»»« o« the labor unions of San
t? b^ £? T^ n i? n^ wln Permit itself
l^ j,J? ? y P. H. McCarthy to carry out
vlngt y 8Chemes oC Political mailers «-
R^r& a^^ t^, Jw^' y^ C^^» o^'
iJarbe r» Union of America, Local So. Xtt.
Hitting by Hank's sacred number won
the game. They began It in the early
stages, and wound up the pyrotechnics
with a square piece by Josh i Reilly in
the ninth inning, when he losjt the ball
over t'he right Held fence, ana, cantered
around the bags "amid the wildest demon
onstrations of the populace, suddenly, gone
mad."
Two presentations proved the mascot
for the local team in yesterday's game,
although little Theophrastus Such— calle-l
Jimmy Gallagher on week days— was theve
to pick up. the sticks and cause consterna
tion in the Senatorial ranks. When Hilde
brand stepped to the plate he was hand
ed a couple ' of bats fancifully joined
with resplendent ribbons. A safe hit fol
lowed, of the bunt order. Then came
Schwartz to the bat, and he was given
a stick with a breastplate tacked on that
was full of -fraternal inscription.' Schwartz
rolled out a three-bagger to far left field.
After that Doyle was so easy that, it
seemed a positive shame for the rejuven
ated Wasps in real nice new clothes an.l
gray military jacket to consume so
much of his earnest, honest offerings.
In this first inning, which ended with
four clangs for the local team, Krug got
a single and Pabst a double. Holland,
who reached, first in safety but forced
Krug out at second, rwas one of those
! Sacramento did something in this Inn
ing, but Iburg, who pitched a good.^care
ful game, did not sparkle until later in
the day. Devereaux, the first up, struck
out, and Sheehan, ¦ who traveled to the
first station on a pass, was wrecked at
the middle bag by Graham's fine throw.
Eagan; who was safe at first on an error
' by Schwartz, crossed the , rubber when
'Courtney, let loose a long drive to right
field. Courtney did not reach' the thinl
bag on his hit, being caught between that
sack and the second by Schwartz's clever
throw. The- second inning and the ninth
gave Frisco bunches ¦ of runs on long
hits. The Senators chased the spheroid
over the far away fields," arid .the i Wasps
jogged around the bags for bell ringing
by the scorer. *, -'•
Iburg displayed his old-time coolness
•and his good pitching strength in the
fourth inning.: Eagan, Courtney and
Hanlon choked the three sacks, and no
Senator had as yet been buried. Mr>-
Laughlin was at the plate, and after six
fouls over the fences and into the stands
he died on an infield fly. Then Doyle
flew to Jagger, but Eagan scored on tho
throw in. That was all the Senatoi s
could put through the house.
Of Hank's new men, Holland gives
promise of being just the 'proper thing.
Josh- Reillr, who was usedat thlrjd tem
norarily. made a good showing in tie fiel'1
and with the stick. J agger was njrvou.',
off color and has oceans of room :or im
provement. ¦ ¦
The score in full is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO.
: ' AB. R. BH. SB. PC. A. E.
Hildcbrand, cf. .... 4 2 1 0 3 0.0
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, 2b 4 0 0 0.3 2 0
Hutchinson, lb 3 "0 0 6 0 0
Householder, c. f 4 0 0 00 0 0
SwIrd'Hs, • r. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Spies, c. 4 0 1 0 7 2 0
Reilly, 3b.... 4 0 0 0 10 0
Kelly. s..s 3 0 1 0 3 4.1
Bowman, 1. t... 3 0 1.01.0 0
Jones p.: 2- 0 0 1 0 0 1
Totals .....30 0-3 1 24 8 2
OAKLAND.
) AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dwinnan, c. f........ 4 0 0 0 0 0 0
Francks, s. s 2 0 0 ¦ 0' 4 2 1
Arrellanes, 2b 2 1 0 0 1 3 1
Streib, lb 3 0 O. 0 .7 0 . 1
Moore, 3b 3 0 0 0-3 3.2
Held I. f..... ;. 3 0 1 0 2.0 0
Moskiman, p ...2 0 00 0 10
Lohman, c... 30 1 092 0
Babbitt, r. 1 2 0 0.1.1.0 0
Totals ...... ......24 1 2 1 : 27 11 5
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles...,. 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—0
Oakland.... .'.- 0 0 0 0.0 : 0 1 0 •— 1
, . : SUMMARY.
Two-base hit— Kelly. Double plays— Spies to
Kelly: Kelly to Brockhoff. Struck out— By
Jones 6, by Mosklman 5. Bases on balls — By
Jones 3, by Moskiman 1. . Passed ball — Lohman.
Hit by pitcher— Swindells. Time of game— 1:50.
Umpire— Donahue. Official scorer— Henry.
BAKERSFIELD, March 31. — The game
of baseball here to-day resulted:. Hanford
15, Bakersfleld 14. •
HOBSON CAPTURES
TEN-MILE TRYOUT
Bay City's Road Event at
San Lsandro.
West Wins the Time Prize in the
The Olympic Club Wheelmen* held a ten
mile try-out at San Leandro jtesterday to
condition its men for the annual relay
race. The road was in perfect condition
and some fast time was made, "the men
rode unpaced. starting two minutes apart,
with sealed handicaps." ''-I;,
Following are the names of the contest
ants, with time made after deducting
handicap: John Hobson, 27 minutes 35 sec
onds; J. Ephraim,*27:36; E. Etienne, 27:50;
V. Grey, 28:00; G. E. Kroetz, 28:08; ' C.
Long. 28:08: G. McKinney, 2S:10: William
Pedlar, 28:17; Fred Howe. 28:25; A. Bridge
foot, 28:27; G. Eagenhoff, 28:32; J. P. Sim
mons, 28:50; Wi D. Stoddard, 29:25; F. Na
gle, 29:33; H. Clifton. .29:35; F. LJngge,
29:45; H. Vensano, 29:50: W. . Rhodes, 30:05.
Kroetz and Long, who tied for fifth
prize, drew straws for it, and Kroetz won.
John A. Hammersmith and William
Mackie offiqiated as timers and Edwin
Goeller as scorer.
The Bay City Wheelmen held a ten-mile
road race over the San Leandro triangle
yesterday morning. There were fifteen
entrants and ten finished. The following
is the score: "/•:.
HANDBALL THAT WAS
EXCITING AND CLOSE
Beginning of the Olympic Doubles
Tournament in tfie Club
Courts. \
That the game of handball has a firm
hold on the members of the Olympic Club
was evidenced yesterday by the large
crowd that watched the opening games of
the doubles tournament. Counter attrac
tions were many. but. the devotees of the
great Irish game were there in numbers
and were as enthusiastic as a band of
youngsters just out of school. Some bril
liant games were played by the contest
ants, but the most exciting contest of the
day was that between Jack Gleason and
Louis Levy against Judge A. J. Fritz and
Matt Breen. The former team won the
rally by a score of 51 to 49. . •
Despite the fact that Gleason had played
eight games in the morning and was suf
fering from a bad knee, he went into the
game with a determination to win. Fritz
and Breen were seventeen points in the
lead at the outset of the game, but
Gleason and Levy pulled themselves to
gether and not only made it "up sticks,"
but passed them. Then Fritz and Breen
played hard and tied Gleason and Levy at
48. With three points to go, the players
buckled down to closer work. The spec
tators were deeply interested in the out
come and keenly watched the play. Fritz
and Breen -were retired ¦without making
a point, and then Gleason and Levy se
cured two. Gleason tried to "kill" the
ball, but failed, and then Fritz and Breen
entered again, but ¦were quickly retired.
The winning team managed to secure an
other point, and so did Fritz. The game
was now 50 to 49. Gleason was put out on
the first toss.. Levy then tried, and in his
anxiety to make the point tossed the ball
twice among the spectators. He sent out
a difficult ball to Fritz, and the latter re
turned it to the front wall. Gleason ended
things by a low smash. .
Johnny • Mallon and Jack Talt were
awarded a game-through the 'default, of
Oatie Crable, who was to have .played
with Billy Kennedy. Henry Russ and
Tom Kennedy outclassed J. K. Burke and
Gus Ebner, beating them by a score of
51 to 30. Bobby Bowman and T. Curley
had an easy time with Billy Cartwright
and L. V. Starr. The tetter played in poor
form and ¦ the brunt of the work fell on
Cartwright. The score was 51 to 25. Nat
Hewson and A. Duffy defeated Phil New
man and A. Pockwitz in a close struggle.
Hewson sent out a low hard toss that was
hard to' solve. Newman was too eager '
and tried to play the entire game. Had j
he given his clever partner more of a
chance they might have won out. Score 51
to 47.
• To-morrow night the following games
will be played : Guy Ransome and Max
Rosenfeld (allowed 13 aces) vs. Jerry |
Johnson and Tom Powers (allowed 15
aces): J. Cunningham .and T. I. Fitzpat
rlck (allowed 12 aces) vs. Edwin Shortall
and J. R. Bockman (allowed 15 aces); M.
Green and H: Meagher (allowed 15 aces)
vs. TV. Cavanaughand R. J. Forbes (al
lowed 15 aces).
¦ -Following are the officials: Handball
committee — George James. Phil "Wand and
H. V. Ramsdell: referee, Fred Butz;
scorer, J. Talt: clerk of court,' J. Mallon.
Gold~medals will be awarded the winners
in the tournament.
' At the San Francisco Handball Courts
yesterday the following matches were
played: .....
F. Smith and G. Green.; 21 21 18 21 21
W. Johnson and M. Ed wards... 13 9 21 15 17
E.- McGlnty and M. Klrby .21 21 21
J. Foley and J. McBrearty..:.......;...K) 14 20
M. Maher and P. McKInnon 21 12 21 21
M. McNeil and G. McDonald IS 21 15 17
W. Williams and M. Joyc* 21 13 21 21
I). Connelly and M. Basch ..11 21 15 19
M. Dillon and A. Pennoyer 21 21 21
G. Hutchinson and J. McDennott 20 12 16
W. H. Sieberst and J". J. Kavanaugh.21 IS 21 21
L. Levy and H. H. Llssner 16 21 14 17
H. Hay» and E. "White 21 21 18 19 21
W. Duggan and J. McCarthy... 13 14 21 21 15
J. Guilfoy and T. Foley 21 19 21
"W. Walsh and J. McCarthy 17 21 15
J. C. Xealon and J. Collins ..17 21 21 4
W.Maguire and E. Curley.... 21 2 14 21
T. Koley and J. McCarthy 21 IS 21 15 21
E. White and W. Walph. 16 21 20 21 M
M. McDonald and T/Leach.'. 21 21 21
C. Smith and W. Duggan 17 13 IS
H. J.-Rogers 21 21
D. Connelly .' 2 15
Schwartz, 2b. ..;... 4 2 2 0 . 3» 4 0
Krugr, s. s 5 0 2 0 0 3 0
Holland. If 4-2 00 1 0 0
Pabst. lb 5 .3 3 0 12 1 1
Graham, c 5 130 3 10
Reilly. 3b. ......:... 5 1 2\. 0 2 3 0
Jag-ger, rf 3 0 0 0 ' • 1 1 0
Iburg, p 5 0 0 0 2 3 0
Totals ..:......:!40 11 13 0 27 16 1
SACRAMENTO.
*~ AB. R. BH. SB. FO. A. E.
Devereauz. s. s 4 0 0 0 6 S 0
Sheehan, 2b 3 0 0 0 3 3 • * 1
• Eagan, 3b 4 2 2 0 13 0
Courtney, cf 3 02 0 1 0 1
Hanlon, lb 4 0 10 8 0 0
McLaughlin, If 4 0 0 0 2 0 1
Doyle, p ....4 0 0 0 0 2 1
Stanley, c 2 0 0 0 4 1 0
Strlcklett, rf. ..2 0 0 0 2 0 0
Totals 30 2 5 0 27 14 4
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
San Francisco.. 4 2 0 0 10 0 0 4—11
E.sehlts 4 2 1 0 2 0 0 1 3—13
Sacramento 1 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0 — 2
Base hits 2 0 0 2 0 1 0 0 0—5
SUMMARY,
; Runs responsible for— Iburg 2, Doyle 6.
Home run— Reilly. Three-base hit— Schwartz.
Two-base hits — Pabst 3. Courtney 2. Schwartz.
Krug, Eagan. First base on' errors— San
¦ Francisco 2, Sacramento 0. 'First base on call
ed balls— San Francisco 4, Sacramento 4. Left
on bases— San Francisco 6, Sacramento ¦ 5.
' Struck out— By Iburg 3, by Doyle 4. Passed
balls— Stanley 2. Time of game— 2:00. Um
pire—O' Connell. Official scorer— H. S. Mc
; ,
OAKXAND WINS.
Dudes : Defeat Giants by a Single
Run.
LOS ANGELES, March 31.— The first
game of baseball for the season of 1901
was played at Washington Gardens to
day between Los Angeles .and Oakland.
The game resulted in favor of the visitors
by a score of 1 to 0. Fully 5000 people
were present. It was a pitchers' battle.
The Los Angeles team outfielded the Oak
lands. Score:.; ' .""
LOS ANGELES.
LUXOR FIRST IN
THE OPEN STAKE
Beats Palo Alto, the Favor
ite, in a Short Run for
Final Honors.
Good Programme of Coursing at
Union Park — T&lent Was in"
Luck, "Winning All but
Seven- Events. '
In a short course, so short. In fact, that
the game was dispatched and a decision
rendered before the contesting hounds had
been given a chance to show their rela
tive merits. Curtis & Son's Luxor beat
Eugene Geary's Palo Alto for final honors
in the open event yesterday at Union
Park.
Palo Alto had the call and was made
favorite in the last go at 2\i to 1, despite
the fact that he had done more work than
his opponent. Without detracting from
the winner's creditable showing the result
was entirely unsatisfactory as a test.
With another minute added the crowd
•would have been better pleased.. As it
was, Luxor's colors were flying before the
enthusiasts had time to work up an ex
citement.
That Palo Alto earned the right to con
test for the last flag was due to the fact
that luck favored the champion a bit at
the outset. In the morning, against Im
ported Representative, Geary's courser
had about a6 close a game as he could
stand without losing tne flag. The for
eigner had him not going but gone. The
score stood 8 to G, with the small figure
the home dog's total, and both hounds
close to the nare. A quick kill by the
black and white sprinter evened matters,
and the talent orew a long breath. When
the travelers came to the run-off the fa
vorite went in and hurried things, winning
by a score of 7 to 3.
Warship, last week's winner, looked for
awhile liKe a. repeater. He beat Daisy
Clair, Roman Athlete and Hot Hast« in
turn and then iost to Palo Alto only after
a close race to the hare, f alo Alto leading
a length.
Laay Clare, considering her poor work
in the run-down, did well to reach the
nfth round. She was beaten by Ireland
utter shewing equal speed to tne game,
he getting the turn by iavor. Rural Artist
jogged along in fine style, in the lilth
round he got an undecided with Mose and
then beat him out. The extra work was
his undoing and he lost to ir»alo Alto in
the s>emI-hnaL
The form players had a good day, call
ing all but seven of the goes. The short
ends were: Honor tJrignt beat Flying
Kox at 4 to 1, Pleasant tiirl beat War
Kagle at same odds in the longest course
of the day, Bona Fide beat Fine Fire,
Agamemnon beat Belle Rocket at 5 to 3,
Ever Sure beat Olita, Luxor beat Palo
Alto at 5 to 2 ¦ and f annie Hughie beat
her sister, Minnie Sankey, at 3 to 1 in the
dt-ciding round of the Sapling/stake.
The <iay's results, with Uudge John
Grace's official scores, follow:
Open etake, eecond round— Pasha Kennels'
Roman Athlete beat Rus&ell & Allen's Rosie
Clair. 3-2; P. J. Rellly's Warship beat Kus
eel\ & Allen's Daisy Clair. 6-5; F. A. Me-
I'omb's Motto beat George Sharman's Black
Flush. 4-1; F". A. McComb's Bona Fide beat
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire, 8-S; J. J. Ken
ny's Hot Haste beat J. Hurley's O K Capitol,
C-3; E. Geiu-y's Palo Alto beat Cheetham &
I'artinston's Representative. 7-3; E. Geary's
Ireland beat F". A. McComb's Royal Hlusn.
4-0; P. Jackson'E Honor Bright beat Curtis &
Son's Flying Fox, 2-1; Curtis & Son's Rector
beat D. J. Healey's Tapioca, 3-2; Curtis &
Son's Cavalier beat Aeneid Kennels* Athena,
4-1; K. Jones' Harlean Gladys beat Curtis &
Sun's Cbarta, 5-0; Curtis & Son's Narcissus
beat W. G. Glaason's Dewdrop, S-l; P. Doyle's
Liberator beat Gold Dust Kennels' Forget,
S-2; J. R. McCarthy's John Doe beat Gold
Dust Kennels' Brutus, 4-0; H. A. Deckelman's
Lawrence beat Curtis & Son's Shadow, 6-0;
D. J. Healey's Lady Clare beat P. Jackson's
Golden Russet, 3-2; J. Healey's Tiburon beat
Pasha Kennels' Random Aim, 3-0; Aeneid Ken
nels' Agamemnon beat Pasha Kennels' Be-. ¦
Itocket. 6-4: Yosemlte Kennels' Mose beat
Sterl & Knowles" For Glory, 4-1; E. Geary's
America beat Sterl & Knowles' Sleety Mist,
5-8; J. Kennedy's Ever Sure beat Sterl &
Knowles' Olita, 3-0; Curtis & Son's Vulcan
beat G. Lennon's Half Moon. 4-$; S. Handy*:
Twin City Girl beat J. Kennedy's AVlne West,
4-3; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat Clilarl
tii Bros.' Santonin, 8-0; Curtis & Son's Luxor
beat George Snarman's Chicago Boy. 4-0: Cur-
pez's Jewess, 5-4; Curtis & Son's War Eagle
beat F. A. McComb's Frosty Morn. 6-0; D.
Toland's Pleasant Girl beat F. A. McComb's
Crawford Lass, 4-0.
Third round — Warship beat Roman Athlete.
4-1: Hot Haste beat Motto, 2-1; Palo Alto
r»eat Bona Fide. 6-2; Ireland beat Honor
Bright. 4-0; Harlean Gladys beat Rector, 3-2;
Liberator beat Cavalier, 22-11; Narclsrus beat
John Doe. 4-1; Lady Clare beat Lawrence, 3-2;
Tiburon beat Aeamemoon, 13-8; Mose beat
America, S-2: Vulcan beat Ever Sure, 7-2;
Luxor beat Twin City Girl, 5-0; Rural Artist
beat Candelaria, 3-2; Pleasant Girl beat War
K&rle, 19-12.
Fourth round— Warship beat Hot Haste, 6-4;
r>alo Alto beat Narcissus, 3-2; Ireland beat
Harlean Gladys, 6-3; Lady Clare beat Liber
ator, 4-1; Mose a bye; Rural Artist beat Vul
can. 3-2; Luxor a bye. .¦.-*;
Fifth round— Palo Alto -beat Warship. 5-2;
Ireland beat Lady Clare. 4-0;. Rural Artist
beat Mose. 3-2; Luxor a bye.
Sixth round— Palo Alto beat Rural Artist,
7-A; Luxor beat Ireland, 4-1.
Deriding: course — Luxor beat Palo Alto. 3-2.
Sapling stake, deciding: course — E. Geary's
Fannie Huchie beat E. Geary's Minnie -San
key. 8-2.
Stockton Coursing.
STOCKTOX. March 3L— The results of
to-day's coursing were as, follows:
First round-Lilly Wright beat Scotch Reel;
First Foot bsat Ethelbert: Onward beat Joker;
Pt. Oran beat Terronlte; Bar Pine beat Black
Hawk; Strayaway beat Lord Hastings; Tap
Out beat Miss Manila; Prince of Fashion beat
Fireball; Prince Hal beat Tip of Fashion;
Dolando beat Splee; Foggy Day beat Glen
Chloe; Henry Gold beat .Cafch Day: Just In
Time beat Forgive; Springtime beat Bsnlcia
Boy; Silver Buttons beat' Nino; Wedding Bells
beat Bay State.
Second round— Lilly Wright beat First Foot;
Kt. Oran beat Onward ; Bas Pipe beat Stray
»>way: Tap Out beat Prince of Fashion; Prince
Hal beat Dolando; Forgy Day beat Henry
Gold: Just In Time beat Springtime; Wedding
BpIIs beat Sliver Buttons.
Third rouDd— St. Oran . beat Lilly Wrieht:
Tap Out beat Bag Pipe: Prince Hal beat
Korpy Day; Just In Time beat Wedding Bells.
Fourth round— Tun Out beat St. Oran; Prince
Hal beat Just in Time.
Final— Tap Out beat Prince Hal.
The attendance was light at the Shell
Mound range yesterday, but in spite of
the small number of contestants, the
scores were exceptionally good. The chief
event of the day. from point of interest,
was the shooting of Company A, Fifth
Infantry, National Guard of California,
selected members of which competed with
a picked team of crack shots from the
University of California.
, Ten men from each organization were
chosen to compete for • honors. The
Spring-field rifle was used and the shoot
ing: was at 200 yards at a Blunt target.
The university men shot Saturday on ac
count of regulations forbidding them to
contest on Sunday and the Company A
men were unable to be present until yes
terday, so the contest had to be divided.
The colleee boys won by a margin of 13
points with a total of 428 against 415 points
made by their opponents. . -.' , v
The results of the shooting, are as fol
lows: ¦*-:.¦; \
¦ University of California— W. B. Hatnes ' 43.
H. White 42, B. Harding 43. W. Evans 42. S.
Dickson 40, I. B. Rhodes 43, Newell Vander
bllt 46, J. Pearce 44, D. Baker 41. W. Frick
stad 44; total 42S; average 42.8.
Company A, Fifth Infantry. National Guard
of California— A. Beckwith 43, C. L. Gllman
43, M. Thelln tU B. Francis 40, Sergeant King
40. Captain Hunt 40, Sergeant Poulter 41,
Lieutenant Ellis 44. Corporal Tork 42, A. B.
Smith 41; total 415; average 41.5.
Company M, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— Sergeant
J. Miller 34, Second Lieutenant F. Neubert 38,
J. Dolan 40, M. J. Lyons 39, J. Daley 35. Cor
poral Barrows 35. H. Spillman 34. J. Williams
32. L. Ayhner 32, Captain W. Wall 34. First
Lieutenant R. Colopy 33, Sergeant F. L.
Owens 41. Sergeant C. Noyes 38, A. Steadman
37. H. Lage 30, Sergeant Stroth 39. L. Harris
25," Milton Bradley 32. Corporal Souther land
34, A. Large 24, R. Wheelan 34.
Company I, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— Captain
F. K. Moore 41. Lieutenant W. Corcoran 36.
Quartermaster Sergeant E. Redell 44. Ser
geant H. Bucking 37, Sergeant G. Sheldon 39,
Corporal C. Maasberg 27. W. Bulger 23, T. L.
Connolly 32. A. Ehrenford 28, H. Fell 27. A. P.
Golly 29. W. Golly 31. H. Hall 34. J. Kallman.
40, F. C. Llngee 24. L. Leuretyer 33. M. S. Me
Neill 33, W. M. "Meyer 28. B. F. Moore 32, D.
O'Nell 38, W. Pitt 32, G. H. Seyden 37, F.
Schurra 27. A. R. Sharp 28. C. Wiseman 24.
Swiss Rifle Club of Oakland, monthly medal
shoot— U. Martlgnonl 20. L. Gllardl 19. E>. Mls
nola 18. J. Mlgnoia 18, P. Mlgnola 16. T. Mlg
nola 14, Edward Schlra 16, P. Camozzi 15.
Scores of the Various Shooting Or
ganizations WhicH Held Monthly
. Events for Prizes and
Medals.
Defeat National 'Guard Rifle
men at Shell Mound
Ranges.
COLLEGE STUDENTS
ARE CRACK SHOTS
FIST SPRINTERS
IN FIRST RACE
Yellowtail, Sly and Head
water to Furnish Guess
ing This Afternoon.
¦
Mike Murphy Is How a Member o$
Jim Neil's String— O'Connor
Tries Out a Clever
Bantam.
Additional Interest will be lent to th»
opening event at Tanforan Park this aft
ernoon from the fact that Headwater and
Sly will be brought together asain Om
day last week, when :he two fast scrini
ers met. it resumed moat <«^trou 3 ly o*
the friends .of Headwater. Away down
from the end stall can-e the news tha.
Sly had a game leg or something: of UB3<
sort, which caused everybody to set 1.
in" on Headwater. Of course, it sstal*
news now, but Turner, pilot of the choker,
one, became attacked with a joyo usj ee -
ing and Henry, who ringmasterecl hlmse ,if
Into fame, purloined ».he race with Dan
gerous Maid. Sly was campaigned very
hard last season and it remains to bo
seen whether she will be the same saucy
sprinter as of old. J :
Wholesouled and generous to a fau.t
"Jim" Nell will stand for his r^nts. I.
seems that Jim owneJ the dam of Mike
Murphy, the fast two-year-old. She wa. ;
bred to Yankee Doodle, owned by "Bill
Murry and when Mike was foaled tha
youngster was turned over to Murry
with the understanding that when he be
came old enough to «arn his oats and
Murry had been repaid (or to tr ™ b ! e f h «
was to be turned over to .Nell. .This tho
two-year-old has done, but as alike is bci
ter than a fair one the old understanding
slipped the memory of Murry. A3 money
matters could not be satisfactorily adjust
ed Neil took the matter in his own hand,*
and one day last week, armed with a hal
ter visited Oakland track. When Jim
recrossed the ferry Alike Murry was at
tached to one end of the halter and Murr/
is now kicking himself that he did not ac
cept the $200 proffered him in lieu of ail
claim to the two-year-old.
Winnie O'Connor Imagined he was quit*
a scrapper until he put on the gloves with
young Frank Neil. Now he knows better,
and so do four other ambitious riders
who put up their dukes with Ihe clever
bantam. Nell would like nothing better
than to get a rap at Dougherty, the spar
ring partner of Terry Mcovern.
To-Day's Entries.
d
! First race—Six furlongs; three-year-olds an
Upward; purse. •' . i -"
(2209)Hagerdon 113 f 2182 Flatterer 1C1
Vl4 Sly ml 2216 Frank Bell ....US
2215 Yellowtall 109| 2209 Sad Sam SS
2214 Headwater ....1061 1473 Alice Turner... 101
Second race — Four furlongs; two-year-olds;
purse.
1938 Carlo MS 2130 Mike Murphy. .103
2177 Musique 103 (2119)Glendennin» ...105
0>'01>Contestant 105 2213 Flora Pomona. .105
2123 Murcla. 105 2130 "Water Scratch. 103
U703)Cruzados 108 <2123)R. M. Brlttaln.108
2064 Luclen ApplebylCS 2183 Mllaa 1CS
Third race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
2211 Rlnaldo ........107 (1941)Gusto 107
2125 Hermoso 114 2007 The Singer ....104
2214 Gibraltar 110 2213 Silver Garter. ..107
2194 Osmond :.1O7 2211 Jingle Jingle ..103
2210 Herculean 106 2214 The Benedict -.104
2216 The Pride 117 2183 Masgle Davis .103
Fourth race— One mile and an eighth; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
(2077) Barrack - 105 2171 Scotch Plaid 105
(2203) Red wald 105 2174 Lena «;>
(2210)Opponent ....... 97 (2191)Topmast 104
2210 Lavator 97 . :V '
Fifth race — Seven furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse.
1927 Phil Archlbald.103 1413 Laura Marie ..10i
2195 Merida 104 2193 Birdie Stone 104
2217 Compass 104 2190 Beau Ormonde. 109
2212 Thorn-wild 106
Sixth race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; selling. '., ¦'.¦-.":.::
2223 Norford 118 2195 Bernota. 101
2207 Tony Lepping..lO2 21S7 Wyoming 123
2195 Bensn CaldwelllOl 2212 Illllouon 93
23)4 Nellie Forest... 1C2
Probable Winners.
First race — Headwater. Tellowtail, Sad Sam.
Second race— CruzaSoa, Glendennlny, Flora
Pomona.
Third race — Gibraltar, The Pride. Hermoso.
Fourth race — Barrack. Topmast, Opponent.
Fifth race— Beau Ormonde, Compass. Merlda.
Sixth race — Benson Caldwell, Wyoming. Ber
nota.
VICTORY FOR THE LOCAL TEAM
USHERS IN BASEBALL SEASON
Immense Crowd of Fanatics Watches Henry Harris,'
Rejuvenated Nine Punish Ihe Senators' Star Pitcher.
Reilly Knocks ;the Ball Over the Right Field- Fence
The initial live bird shoot . of
the season for the Union , Gun
Club, which was held yesterday
ternoon at Ingleside, was marked by 'fair
scores and a large attendance. Most, of
the birds that were set loose from the
traps were strong, but a few, satisfied
with the comforts of the cage, refused to
fly from the trap and had to be relegated
to the care of the retriever. Clean scores
were made by Thomas, Bonner, Lasseret
and King. Along with the club shoot a
side pool . was arranged and the ¦ above
named marksmen were awarded first
prize. Second prize went to Walsh, Jones,
Shields, Klevesahl, Gomez and Feudner
while the third reward fell to the lot of
Rickie and Joseph.
At the close of the season the member
who will have succeeded. in, making the
highest scores throughout the tournament
will, by virtue of his achievement, becdme
the possessor of a handsome pair of cuff
buttons. The prize will be presented to
the winner at the final shoot September
29. All ties arising during the contest will
be decided by lot or at the option of- the
contestants. .
. The handicaps in yesterday's shoot
ranged from twenty-six to thirty-three
yards. McMurchy, the Eastern expert,
shot as the club's guest. He missed one
and another died out of bounds. Sub
sequent to the main shoot several six
shot pool shoots were held. The results:
WaJsh. 32-yd. rise 1 1111221110 1—11
Von Scosten, 2C-yd. risc.l 10220001200—6
Jones. 28-yd. rise 112 12 1*11112—11
Schields, 31-yd. rise ..2 2112211*12 2—11
Thomas, 26-yd. rise 2 1111112 12 2 1—12
Iverson. 27-yd. rise 10 110 2 12 110 1—9
Hoyt, 27-yd. rise 10 2 12 2 112 112—11
KPevesalil, 30-yd. rise 2 1112 111112 0—11
Johnson, 26-yd. rise 2 12 0 12*21222—10
Bonner, 26-yd. rise 2 12 2 2 2 2 12 2 2 2—12
Gomez. 27-yd. rise 2 112 0 1111111—11
Cook, CO-yd. ris; 1 2120202220 1—9
McMurchy, 32-yd. rise 1 1111111112 1—12
Fisher, 28-yd. rise 1 1111111112 1—12
Rickie. 27-yd. rise 110 12 11112 0 1—10
Peterson. 28-yd. rise 0 0 12 2 2 0 111*1—8
Keudner, 31-yd. rise 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 0—11
Lasseret. 28-yd. rise 11121121211 1—12
Heine. 26-yd. rise 110 10 2 1112 11—10
Joseph, 28-yd. rise 211 210022211—10
Olson. 28-yd. rise 2 2101212111 2—11
Herrinp. 26-yd. rise 1 2021211022 2—10
King, 30-yd. rise 2 112 2 2 2 12 112—12
Masterson, 26-yd. rise 0 10222 2 10201—8
SIX-SHOT POOLS.
Fisher 0 0 10 1 0—2
Hoyt 0 0 10 1 2—3
Iverson 0 112* 1—5
Walsh 1 2 2 0 2 2—6
Jones 2 2 2 11 2—6
Thomas 1 0 11 1 1—5
lionner 2 112 2 1—6
Gomez : 1 2 112 0—5
Lasseret 2 10 112—5
Joseph 0 1110 2-4
Siade 2 112 1 0—5
King 1 2 11* 2—5
Fundner 1 0 12 2 2—5
Peterson 1 1111 1—6
Feudner : 1 11111-6
Heins 0 10 0 1 1—3
Thomas 0 1110 1—4
Kin? 1 0 1 11 1—5
Jones ... % 1 11111-6
Iverson 0 1111 1—5
Itickia 1 0 0 0 0 1—2
Shields 1 10 0 1 1—4
Member 0 110 1 0—3
Peterson 11 1. 0 1 1—5
Heins 0 10 111—4
Jones 1 1110 1—5
! Kin* 0 10 11 1—4
Iverson 1 10 11 1—5
Joseph J...1 11*01-4
?Bird died out of bounds. ¦ .-.
Prizes Will Be Awarded, at tne End
of the Season to Members
i^j? Making the Highest
Season Is Opened at Ingle
side and Live Birds
Are Grassed.
UNION GUN CLUB'S
INITIAL SHOOT
SPORTS: BASEBALL, COURSING, SHOOTING AND RACING
THE SAy FRANCISCO -CALL. MONDA.Y, APRIL. 1, 1901.
yr tt ELD by a wintry discontent : for
5=4 1 four months, the baseball fanat-
I I ics.set out for the , Recreation .
Jl JX grounds yesterday afternoon to
see the "Wasps and the Senators
do the special opening turn that .usherei
in the season of 1901. Every >- local en
thusiast, and there were , more > than
enough of them to pack the grounds be
yond. seating capacity, . fell right into
his shouting element as if there had been
no breach in the league games. When .
the day was done. Hank Harris pet nine
threw their chests out and walked off the .
field victors, by^a score of U;toi2. v ; •. : :
"Never was tljere such an opening be
fore," said Mr. Bonnet. "Who ever heard ,
of people being turned away from a base
ball game just because the stands and
grounds were packed?" Such was the
case. The crowd was of the genuine •.
baseball order, ready to . shout for any
old thing that came over the plate pv
traveled toward the fences. And what
a revelry it was for the local nine, that
just splattered Doyle's curves as if he
never knew what shoots or^curves meant./:
SCENES OF 'THE OPENING BASE
BALL GAME AT THE RECREA
TION GROUNDS.
6
I Net
NAME. H'dicap Time.
G. H. Williams 3:00 29:35
R. Zornow 3:00 2S:47
F. P. Marisch . 2^00 28:48
F. G. West..... Scratch 27:55
E. A. Rusac Scratch 27:55 1-5
F. Bollo 1:00 28:56 1-5
P. Murray 1:00 2S:56 2-5
F. GUlman 1:00; 28:56 3-5
A. L. Hewlett 3:00 32:22
T. Hennerbery 2:30 31:55
NAME
CONTESTANT.
to 3
3 ?
H
n 3
c "
*
n
3 J
-¦>¦
o p»
a n
3VJ
Ev
er.t
Jelli
3 .
<¦ 3,
y.
a
Smyth
Kieruift ...::???:: ;:
Muller
Brooks ........;....
Battu
Roos
Heller ..*......:....;
Oaverkosen .......
Turner- „. ...... 1. : . . .
Golcher .. .".....
Reed ....:
Blade
Mansfield ...........
Grant
Brotherton ._.......
Foulks .............
.68
¦ 91 -|
*• 87 ' ¦
86 II
67
72.6
95.
77
105
91 '
72
86.8
60.4
92
91.4
88 .
47.8
90.4
87 .
82.8
90 ,
90.
90. g
93.4
30.8
94
90
87
91.4
83.4
89.4
91.8
76'
90.4
95.8
92.4
95
91.4
87
97.
S1.4
91,8
86.4
72.
74.
es!
€6.
63.
75
75.
71.
67.
69.
60
77.
69.
74.
71.
10'
s
6
o
1"
k
79.9
82.9
79.7
78.10
79.2
72.7
S2.8
85.9
82
81.3
80.3
73.6
87.3
75.3
82.11
79-
95
,'96.6
"71.
6
2
2
S
CONTESTANT.
to 3
3 ?
H
n 3
c "
*
n
3 J
-¦>¦
o p»
a n
3VJ
Ev
er.t
Jelli
3 .
<¦ 3,
y.
a
Smyth
Kieruift ...::???:: ;:
Muller
Brooks ........;....
Battu
Roos
Heller ..*......:....;
Oaverkosen .......
Turner- „. ...... 1. : . . .
Golcher .. .".....
Reed ....:
Blade
Mansfield ...........
Grant
Brotherton ._.......
Foulks .............
.68
¦ 91 -|
*• 87 ' ¦
86 II
67
72.6
95.
77
105
91 '
72
86.8
60.4
92
91.4
88 .
47.8
90.4
87 .
82.8
90 ,
90.
90. g
93.4
30.8
94
90
87
91.4
83.4
89.4
91.8
76'
90.4
95.8
92.4
95
91.4
87
97.
S1.4
91,8
86.4
72.
74.
es!
€6.
63.
75
75.
71.
67.
69.
60
77.
69.
74.
71.
10'
s
6
o
1"
k
79.9
82.9
79.7
78.10
79.2
72.7
S2.8
85.9
82
81.3
80.3
73.6
87.3
75.3
82.11
79-
95
,'96.6
"71.
6
2
2
S
I Net
NAME. H'dicap Time.
G. H. Williams 3:00 29:35
R. Zornow 3:00 2S:47
F. P. Marisch . 2^00 28:48
F. G. West..... Scratch 27:55
E. A. Rusac Scratch 27:55 1-5
F. Bollo 1:00 28:56 1-5
P. Murray 1:00 2S:56 2-5
F. GUlman 1:00; 28:56 3-5
A. L. Hewlett 3:00 32:22
T. Hennerbery 2:30 31:55
NAMEmounts his coach and tightens 1 the reins
over his piebald four. Howell • wore a
Prince Albert ecat that fitted like a -glove,;
light trousers and a silk hat.vHe twirled
a cane in his gloved right hand. /.-His
mustache ¦was waxed, into points that
were needle-like. No one has ever warmed
the atmosphere there as Howell did.. -.
Lieutenant Birdsall was : standing neaT
the window where reports are received.
He did not come to attention, nor did.. he
raise his hand to his cap in salute,. and
when he looked at Howell his eye showed
only interest in that gentleman's toggery,
and nothing 1 of recog^iitlon of his superior-
The Commissioner asked, if. tCaiptainuWltt-
man was In his ¦ office,:, and .Birdsall * re-*
plied that he would not v be in until 8
o'clock. • Colonel 'Howell ¦wheeled" around
and looked sharply at Policemen Kearney,
Kaskell- and Callinan, who were staring
at him with evident interest. Not a man
jack : of • them saluted, and the Commis
sioner, turned away with a remark about
the weather, and explaining that he would
return' af 8- o'clock to see Captain Witt
man he 1 started to leave, .As he went out
former .Policeman McLaughlln, now a spe
cial, entered and through- force of habit
saluted;.'. -'¦¦, . : . . „ . ' .- -. ¦ .
I "Why did you salute that swell? 1 ' asked
Birdsall. _¦& ..^¦¦..¦- ..-.;. - • • - ..
"Don't -you know>>that ' man?*" asked
McLaughlln. l "That is Commissioner
Howell.\?-If you fellows -didn't salute'him
you' axfi'-Up- against it." - • •— ri'— ¦}¦ j-.*- •
: Th»r ; lie"utenant' wilted and" the" helmets
of the'three policemen fell off and rattled
about on the floor. They are four brave
men, but they are scared. .. ; « , ¦;
.,. ;.-.; •., ¦.;¦¦. . ¦*: ... i ; i- -¦ y ¦¦:...... i ; . .. .- ¦¦¦ :
WHEN AN EX-POLICEMAN INFORMED LIEUTENANT BIRDSALL. AND THREE PATROLMEN YESTERDAY
THAT THE GENTLEMAN WHO HAD JUST GONE UNSALUTED-PROJI. THE CENTRAL 'POLICE STATION
WAS NONE OTHER THAN POLICE COMMISSIONER HOWELL;" THERE' WAS Z CONSTERNATION. . ' .
MONDAY, APRIL 1.
¦• NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early . morning- tides are given In the left
hand column and the . successive tides of the
day . in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are out thret
tldes, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast -Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the heifht, and then
the number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by. the charts. The plane of reference
1b ' the mean of the lower . low waters.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
MOBILE, Ala., March 31.— Detective
Morris and Policeman Bressinger to-day
attempted to arrest two negroes sus
pected of the murder of <- a marshal at
Gulfport, Miss. One negro named David
resisted and shot Morris and Bressinger
probably fatally. He in turn was killed.
The other negro was captured.
Ths negroes ¦were convicts ¦who had
escaped from Jenkins camp, near Monro
ville Ala., and arrived here to-day. David
diverted the attention of the convict
guard and seized his rifle. Then he over
came another guard and obtained his pis
tol. He and three other convicts then
escaped and came to Mobile, where they
encountered Bressinger and Morris.
Escaped Convict, Desperate at Cap
ture, Wounds His Two Captors,
Probably Fatally.
NEGRO SHOOTS OFFICERS
AND IS HIMSELF KILLED
AGED WOMAN" BBTJTALLY
BEATEN" BY BURGLARS
Skull Crushed by Miscreants When-
She Attempted to Check Them';" •
in Their Depredations. j ;,
PITTSBTJRG. Pa,; March 21.— Mrs. Anna
Ward, aged 60 years. i3 lying In a criti
cal condition from the effects of bruta!
treatment by. three masked burglars at
her home, Thirty-eighth and Carscn
streets; early this morning. Mrs. War-1
and her daughter were awakened by the
p-esence of burglars at their bedside,
etch woman finding a revolver pointed di
rectly at her head.
Mrs "Ward undertook to resist the burc
lars and while the daughter wa3 held In
subjection by one of the men another
knocked the elder woman /into uncon
sciousness, literally crushing her skull.
The husband and son of Mrs. Ward were
sleeping on the third floor, having In the-r
possession about $1200, the booty tha
burglars evidently were after.
CiEVEB THIEVES ; CHANGE
BILLS FOR'BBOWN PAPER
COLUMBIA, S. C, March 31.—Last
Thursday the Bank of Columbia of thla
city forwarded to the Bank of Commerce
of New York $5000 in paper money. When
the package arrived at its destination Sat
urday it was discovered that the money
had been removed and bro^n paper sub-
S ThVpackage was put up by a bank offi
cial in the presence of the president. Colo
nel G W. Childs, and another official car
ried the package to the express office. The
Columbia Bank officials declare the bank
Is not to blame. £'*»' ,
Captain O. M. Sadler, general superin
tendent of the Southern Express Com
x>any Is at work, on the case. The work
is represented to have been clever and
the package bore no evidence of, having
been -tampered with.
;
Conference Miscarries.
Emperor's
BERLIN, March 31.—The conferences
here between Emperor William. Count
von Bulcw and Prince Hohenlohe-Lan
genberg, an elder of Alsace-Lorraine, re
garding the annullment of the restrictive
legislation there, especially the dlcta
ture" paragraph, have miscarried.
Disastrous 'Warehouse- Fire.
IONIA, Mich., March 31.—Fire to-night
destroyed the warehouses and elevators
of Page & Co., entailing a loss of $55,000.
half of which falls upon the Grand Trunk.
Railway Company, which owned the ele
vator building. .'.•
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OMAHA, Nebr., March 31.— There Is
such a clamor to induce Governor Charles
H. TJHetrich to retain the office of Gover
nor till .December that he has decided to
do so. This has caused a protest from
Lieutenant " Governor Savage and ' his
friends, who say the Governor has b«en
induced to hold the office by powers be
hind the throne which have little confi
dence In Savage's ability. As The Call
has previously announced. Savage says
the attitude of the Governor is discredit
ing him before the people. .
Savage's partisans are now making the
charge that Governor Dietrich does not.
intend ever to quit the Governorship, but
will next fall resign his seat In the
United States Senate and appoint D. E.
Thompson to the vacancy. There appears
to be some foundation for this story, and
it is creating a decided sensation In high
Republican circles.
Thompson and Dietrich are warm per
sonal friends and Thompson spent money
freely to aid Dietrich's election. The lat
ter has said openly that he thought
Thompson entitled to the Senatorial toga.
Nebraskan Not Likely to
Take Seat in United -
States Senate.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, March" 31.— The World
has this from Washington: - The train
on which President McKinley will travel
to the Pacific Coast to witness the
launching of the battleship Ohid is ready.
It consists of six Pullman coaches.
Inasmuch as the President was invited
to California by the citizens of that State
they probably will pay a part of the ex
penses of the train. There is no one In
Washington to-night who can speak for
California on this matter. The President
always pays his own expenses on a trip
of this kind and those of Mrs. McKlnley
and his secretary. The train will not
be kept as a Presidential train, but the
cars will be put Into general use by the
Pullman Company as soon as they are
relinquished by tho Presidential party.
The first car from the engine will be a
combination baggage car. barber shop, li
brary and smoking compartment. The sec
ond will be the dining car. The third will
be a compartment car for the members of
the Cabinet and their families. The
fourth will be the office car, containing
all the equipment essentlonal to the trans
action of business and a corps of clerks,
typewriters and stenographers. The of
ficial seal will be at hand and every other
convenience necessary to the transaction
of public business. In the business office
of the train will be two of the White
House telegraphers.
The fifth will be the private car of the
President and Mrs. McKlnley. It will be
magnificently fitted up with compart
ments, sitting room, parlor, bathroom and
every other luxury.
The sixth will be used by the cor
respondents, clerks, stenographers, pho
tographers and secretaries to Cabinet of
ficers. It will be a compartment car with
kitchen, a few staterooms and a dining
room in the center, Into which berths will
be let down at night.
DIETRICH MAY
DOFF HIS TOGA
President McKinley's Train
to Consist of Six Pull
man Coaches.
Office Car Will Contain All the Equip
ment Necessary to the Trans
action of Public Busi-
READY TO START
FOR CALIFORNIA
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
1113 Broadway, April 1.
The Republicans secured control of the
new City Council at 1 o'clock this morn
ing, by a brilliant coup, and Immediately
organized by electing Louis Schaffer pres
ident of the Council and Rod W. Church
City Clerk. : -
' The old Council went out of office at
midnight and a few minutes later Mayor
Anson Barstow received a written opinion
from City Attorney C. A. Johnson that
G. T. Burtchaell, Councilman-elect at
Large on the Municipal League Ticket,
and Councilman-elect James Smilie, also
a Municipal Leaguer, 'were disqualified.
Burtchaell's disqualification, according to
the opinion, was owing to the fact that he
resides In the same ward as C A. Bon.
who was -elected at large on the Republi
can ticket.
The charter says that no two Coundi
men at large may reside in the sam»
ward, and as Bon received the most votes
his election stands, while Burtchaell's
does not.
Smilie is held to be disqualified because
he has not been a registered voter in Oak
land for three years.
Mayor Barstow Immediately appointed
two Republicans— TV. P. Courtney. Cotfn
cilman at large, vice Burthchaell, and A.
"W. Bishop, vice Smille— ar.d then called a
meeting of tho Council, which was held
at 1 o'clock this morning. The organiza
tion was Quickly perfected and an ad
journment taken until 2 o'clock this aft
ernoon. The Council now stands:
Republican — Bishop.' Connolly. Schaffer,
Boyer, Bon and Fltzeerald.
Municipal Leaeue— Wallace. Dornia. Rnch
and CuvelUer. _ . _.. :*»_:. .;; : "; ¦;¦:'* -H't
Independent Republican— Wbcon.
Wlxon attended the meeting this morn-
Ing, and will cast his vote on all party
questions with the Republicans. The Re
publicans have a working majority and
quorum, and Burtchaell and Smille can
only obtain seats by getting a court de
cision seating them, which the best au
thorities say they will not be able tp da.
as the Mayor in appointing Courtney and
Bishop acted within the law".
Members Disqualified by City Attor
ney Johnson's Opinion Are
Replaced by Two Appointees
of Mayor Barstow.
Organize Oakland Council
at a Meeting After
Midnight.
REPUBLICANS NOW
IN FULL CONTROL
TO SAIL.
. The. Giant Powder. Company has declared
dividend 2S of 73 cents a share. |
Mexican Carved Leather Goods and
California Souvenirs of every kind at San
born & Vail's. 741 Market street. •
Henri Grougnet. .45 yearn of a*re, was found
<Jea<! in his bed at 22 Stockton place early
"f^terdsy morning. It is supposed be died
from epoplery, but an autoi>ty will be made
mx tbe Morgue.
NATIONAL PARK OPPOSED
BY TENNESSEE'S GOVERNOR
KXOXVILLE. Tenn., March 31.— R. W.
Austin, United States Marshal, who ha3
been In Nashville working on the bill to
cede mountain lands of East Tennessee
for a national Appalachian park, says
Governor McMillin Is opposing the b'll,
and will veto it if it passes. The bill, pro
poses ceding many thousands of acres of
lands in East Tennessee counties for tha
national park. The greater part of the
proposed park, which will contain 'about
2,000,000 acres, will lie In North Carolina.
• Mr. Austin says Governor McMillin op
poses the Appalachian park bill because
in his opinion the State of " Tennessee
would be required to cede too much ter
ritory to the authority of the United
States, as fully one-fourth of the proposed
park would be within the boundaries of
tU State. V
Dr. Twist Injured.
. Dr. J. F. Twist has reason to believe the
fates are against him. Six weeks ago
his face was severely burned by an ex-
Filosion. He narrowly escaped being bad
y disfigured. Yesterday he availed him
self of his first opportunity for an outing
and went bicycle riding. While descend
ing a hill near Berkeley he lost control
of his wheel and was thrown heavily.
His face was again injured, but not seri
ously. ~>V VrtV
Lowe Has Disappeared.
The mysterious disappearance ; of
Thomas Lowe, clerk in a store at Baden,
was reported to the police yesterday aft
ernoon. Lowe came from the East about
a month ago and secured employment at
Baden. He lived with his wife at the cor
ner of Bueh and Polk streets. He left her
Sunday week, saying he was going out
for a walk, and has not been seen or
heard of since. He is a man about 36
vears of age, of medium size and stout
build. *yi.*a- •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
E J Fraser, Lorin . Denver
F S Stanley & w, Cal D Rubldse, Denver
3 R Tindle. Pittsburs H D Reynolds, N Y
t S Atterbury. PittebR T Flint Jr. San Juan
C TV Holmes, Chicago E R Culver, St taouis
T B Hicks & w. Seattl Mr« E R Culver, Mo
G Blair. NY C Porter, w & ch. Men
M J Nutter & w. Cal H Atkinson, Stanford
J S Mott. Colo Sprgs Mrs E J Elliott, Cal
C C Block. U 6 N |Mi8S E Atkinson, Cal
R D Stephens, Sacto F S Rolfe. Chicago
E B Porter. Mas» W J Lawrence, S Lake
R Robertson. 6 Crui J H Sheehan. N T
J GridJey. U S Mar Mrs O B Herbert *
S H Rodman, U S N mold. NT «
W E Dance, U 8 A FA Hobin, Bta. Crui
J H Ruff, USA P N' Goodwin, N T
B J Coggin*. Cal H S Btuart. Pa •
G Smith. Milwaukee line de Cam, Cal
Miss M Van Buren, Mable Block. Cal '
N T Mies L> Fuller, Cal
MIfs A Johnson. N T F W Harvey. K City
G A Aird. Cleveland C D Etlnson, Seattle
J F Thompson. Ohio Mr« C D Stlnson, Seat!
F H Msdit, Chicax© Miss D Stinson, Seattle
K J A Roger* & w,
GRAND HOTEL.
E D Cowen, Seattle 3 F Rich. ColUM
Mrs T V Trent. Utah O L. Bramford. USA
O r> Plerw. ChJcag-6 E C Smith. Pac Orove
G TV Barry Chicago T B Smith, Scranton
G W Barr, Cincinnati R Turnstall. Guerne\il
J P Jur.k & si?. Chlcag J F McKee. Cincinnati
R H fatevene. Cal A L. Bailer. Bath
H J Hurekamp Jr. Cal T J Kenny. Or
B F Robinson, Cat A Stein, Cal . .
Mifg F L. Pfont, Pa F S Saje. lnd
0 A Pfont, Pa CD Joseph, Los Ang
T F MMlIican, NT P Serive & w. Chicago
G A l^gg. Nev City C A Stork. Sta Barb
R J Thomas. Nev City C A Holland. Sonora
W D Minchler. Cal W A J Edinger, Cal
O Trowbriflg* & w, Cal A J Larson. Lodl
H A HawRood, Cleveld J W Ga skill. Cal
TV D Bumham. K Y F E Burgess & w. Til
F lieynolds Va : (Mrs E I>owningr. Cal
Mrs Cratn. Healdsbunf ; M J Lidder. Red Bluff
H J Trrmain, Fiwanvlll ] Dr A L Tibbltts. Feta
W \Y Patterson. Cal It. Tiernan. Vallejo
J Benton. Portland (Mrs E B Marlon. Mich
.T K Forestal, Portland Miss T L. Marion, Mich
P M Rooney. Sacto IS C Cromwell. Yreka
J C Moore. Woodland
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R M Hoid,!rB7 Conn J Johnson. N Y
Mrs Grenfel. Modesto C A Gallagher. Denver
J Burke. Chicaro V Dickey. Portland
3 McWiHiam*. Oaklnd J Ens. Warm Springs
B Witchcraft. Ohio W E Larcom & w. Cal
E \V Black Snta Maria J Reame. Bakerxfleld
J .T Tounc. Australia O Miller & w, Los Ang
M I., Derk & w. Ill B Rams'% Portland
<"ora IX-ck, III J Carlson, Portland
C Hudior & v. Mo. iH B Varner. Portland
Willlan J. Stock Dies.
William J. Stock, only son of Ernest
C. Stock, fraternal editor of The Call,
died at the home of his parents. 633 Wai •
W street, yesterday, after a long illne^i
The deceased was an estimable and pop
ular young man, and devotion to his
country brought about his end. He served
in the Philippines as a member of the
United States Volunteer Signal Corps,
and while there contracted malarial fever.
He never recovered from its effects, and
his death was a result of that disease.
SWEDISH REPUBLICAN
CLUB'S AUTTTTAIi PICNIC
Members and Friends Have ' an En-
joyable Outing 1 at Shell Mound
Park.
The Swedish-American Republican Club
of Alazneda County held Its annual picnic
at Shell Mound Park yesterday. About
fifteen hundred guests were present dur
ing the afternoon and evening, and all
voted the occasion a most enjoyable one.
The programme, arranged by Captain
Slebe, consisted of races for boys under
twelve years, girls under twelve years,
ladies, gentlemen and members, for which
prizes of clothing and provisions were
given/ A moonlight dance in the upper
pavilion was one of the pleasing features.
A band and an orchestra furnished the
music and dancing in the pavilion and in
the hotel dining-room continued until
midnight. The following named were
members of the arrangements commit
tee: Ben O. Johnson, William Gustaf son,
K. E. Hanson, N. O. Ldndgren, Paul
Brask and AJbin Johnson. The floor man
agers were N. G. Lindgren and . Paul
Brask. '. ',. 1 5 . .
Daughters of Pocahontas Ball.
The ladies of Metamora Stamm No. 4,
Daughters of Pocahontas, United Order of
Red Men, tendered a reception and dance
to their srentieraen friends at Teutonla
Hall last night. About 300 members and
puests were present. The Alpen, Rasly
and Hessen singing socleites entertained
the assembly during the intermissions.
The committees were as follows:-. .
Executive— Mrs. M. Dodel. Mrs. C. Studln
pt-r and Mrs. M. Obenneyer. Reception— Mrs.
A* Tapken. Mrs. H. Custer. Mrs. J. Matt,
J'r*. B. Schrader, Mrs. A. Schwencke, Mrs. A.
r>unkhaf>e and Mrs. von Emden. Floor — C.
Flencber, F. Tapken and V. Kaiser.
The American ship Eclipse and the
French four-masted bark Cap Horn were
both ready for sea yesterday, but did
not sail. The vessels were detained from
very different reasons, but both captains
consider they have just cause for anger.
The Cap Horn is a water ballast vessel
and came here from Iquique with about
1500 tons of coal aboard. She was char
tered to load wheat for Europe and went
to Port Costa for her cargo. When It
came to measuring her capacity the sur
veyors took her water tanks into account
and only allowed her to take so much
grain. The quantity allowed did not bring
her down to within two feet of her load,
and Captain Hamon demanded more
cargo. Then the underwriters stepped In
and refused to insure the ship and cargo
if any more grain was put aboard. The
Cap Horn is in the stream, ready to sail
as soon as the matter is adjusted, but it
looks as if the owners are going to be out
about $2000 in freight money, owing to the
surveyors refusing to allow her to load
to what the captain considers her full
C The Eclipse is detained owing to the
fact that the Chinese who were to go
north on her to work in the canneries did
not appear. The ship was to have gone
to sea yesterday morning at 8 o'clock, but
at- that hour only about twenty . out or
two hundred and fifty had appeared.
The majority of the Mongolians had re
ceived an advance on their wages, and
somebody will be money out of pocket if
the men do not put in an appearance to
day. A rumor has got around Chinatown
that every Chines© who goes north this
year must be vaccinated, and as the fish
ermen are afraid of the operation nearly
all have gone into hiding. They will be
hunted up and put aboard.
Steamship Curacao Arrives.
Tho Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao arriyed from Mexican ports Sat
urday. She was a day late owinsr to en
countering a heavy northwest gale that
lasted all the. way' from Cape San Lucas
to San. Francisco." Be&Ides the concen
trates from Mexican mines she brought
a lot of turtles from Magdalena Bay and
a big shipment of tomatoes. Captain Par
sons reports that the battleship Wiscin
sin was in Magdalena Bay when the Cu
racao was there. The officers told him that
they expected to start for home April 10.
The crew has been "licked into shape"
and the battleship has proved herself to
be everything that wrs Dromised for her.
In regard to the weather CaDtain Par
sons says it has been almost a succession
of gales an along the Mexican coast. The
men on the'steamshio Saint Denis, that
runs to Cedros Island, fay that- never in
th« history of the country had there been
such bad weather. The British ship Ce
darbank was- at ¦¦ Santa Rosalia. ¦ * the
schooner- Lena Swe'asey was at Altata;
both discharging, and the German steam
ship Osoinb" was almost discharged and
was to sail for'Icruiquo. '
Captain Parsons was the guest of honor
at a banquet given In Mazatlanby Gov
ernor Canado of Culiacan. United States
Consul Keyser was among the guests f arni
the affair -was most enjoyable. •-¦•
After ¦ a I well-earned • vacation Ch'ef
Steward Charles Frank is once more back
at his post on the Curacao. He has a host
of friends on the run and nls welcome
back was a very cordial on<». ; - - : •-
The Curacao brought up eleven cabin
passengers, and thirty-one in the second
cabin.. Those who came up in the cabin
were: r - *. ' ¦
The Hawaiian Navigation Company is
to have two large gasoline schooners built
G. N.Tichenor. P.'-. Plank Jr.. Adela Plank,
Maria "Esplnora," Manuel Esplnora,-, Clinton L.
White; W. S. Kendall, G. McFarland. Amparo
Ricardo. Fraaclsca Goseneche. R. J.' Anderson.
Gasoline Steamer for Hawaii.
In San Francisco. Last year they .had
the Surprise and. Eclipse built here for
the sugar trade and both proyed to be
handy and inexpensive vessels. The Sur
prise was wrecked on Hawaii and the
Eclipse is now too small for the trade.
The new boats will each have a capacity
of 400 tons of sugar, so they will be con
siderably larger than the Eclipse.
"Water Front "Notes.
The tug Shelikoff will leave for Nushi
gak this week. She will tow the launch
Uyak to Kadiak Island.
The steamship Valencia sails for Orca,
with supplies for the . canneries to-mor
row. . . • -..-'.¦ • >
The steam tender Tyonlc will leave for
the canneries this week. She is a new
boat and proved a success on her trial
last Saturday. ¦ h
Th'e transport Arab sailed for Manila
with her load of horses yesterday.
NEWS OF THE OCEAJST.
Matters of Interest to . Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
i, ARRIVED. -_;••
• Sunday, March 31.
Nor stmr Kvarven. . Kanditz, 3% days from
Nanaimo. ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ . .
Stmr Kavarro, Hansen, 16 hours from Men
doclno.
Nor- stmr Tellus, . Pedersen, '8}_ flays from
Oyster Harbor.
Stmr Arro, Hughes, 47 hours from Coquille
River. '
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 48 hours fm Newport.
- Stmr. Pasadena, Hamilton, 72 hours from San
Pedro. ; " ' • - ¦. • . . ¦¦
Stmr Acme, Lundqulet, 65 hours from Tilla
mook. _.- . • . - • . • '
] Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 27 hours from Monterey.
Stmr Queen, Thomas, 42 hours from, San
Dl'fiO. •-.•¦¦
Stmr South Coast, . Olsen, <7 hours from
Hueneme. ¦
Stmr Mandalay,' Reed. "— hours from Coquille
lUver, via Crescent City 30 hours. . .
. Schr J G > Wall, Jensen, 82 hours . from
Eureka. ' ¦ •
SAILED. • ,
Sunday, March 81.
Br stmr Arab, 'Wills, Manila.
Stmr Geo Loomis, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Banta Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Br «tmr Wellington, Salmond, Chemalnui.
Br shlD HouBomont, ¦ Lowe, Queenatown.
Schr ' Webfoot, Mercer. ~.
TELEGRAPHIC.'
POINT LOBOS, "March 31 (10 p.m.)- Weather
hazy; wind ¦ NW. ;• velocity 20 miles. . '¦>
DOMESTIC PORTS.
United States ; Coast ' and Geodetic Survey—
•: -Times and 'Heights of High and Low
SEATTLE— Sailed March 30— Stmr Excelsior,
for VaJdez: stmr City of Seattle, for Bkagway.
' Arrived March 3(^-Stmr Ruth, from Wrangle.
EUREKA— Arrived March 31— Stmr Scotia,
hence March 29. .
Sailed - March 31— Stmr 7 Pomona, for. San
Francisco. • .
, FORT BRAGG— Arrived March 31— Stmr Na
tional City, hence March 30.
Sailed March ' 30— Stmr , Sequoia, for San
Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS. ¦
MANILA— Arrived March 30— Br stmr Ping
Suey, from Seattle.
: OCEAN, STEAMERS.
' SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March 31— Stmr
Kensington, from. New York for Antwerp;
stmr Barbarossa, from New York for Bremen.
Sailed March 31— Stmr .Weaternland, from
Antwerp for New York. '.
i LIVERPOOIa- Sailed I March 31 — Stmr Llvon
ian. frcm Glasgow, for Halifax and Phila
delphia.
. QUEENSTOWN— Sailed March 31— Stmr Ser
vla. from ¦ Liverpool for New York.
Arrived March 31 — Stmr Belgianland. from
Philadelphia. -
HAMBURG-rArrived- March 31— Stmr Neko.
from San. Francisco, Ocosand Montevideo/ via
St. Vincent : etmr Graf Waldersee. from New
NEW YORK— Arrived •¦ March -V 31— Stmr ". La
Bretagne, . from Havre; stmr. Rotterdam, from
Rotterdam and "Boulogne; stmr Bulgaria, from
Hamburg and Boulogne.- ".. ¦.. .'.
" - ¦ ' ¦ ¦ •'.-•- • . : t . .
Sun, Moon and . Tide.
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
" thorlty of the Superintendent. '
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
CAPTAINS OF SAILING VESSELS
MEET HAMPERING DIFFICULTIES
A LIEUTENANT of police and three
patrolmen are shivering in their
shoes and wondering what hap
pens to the officer who neglects
to salute his superior when that
superior is a Police Commissioner and
when the offense is committed in the cen
tral police station, of all places. But
when the superior. officer, makes official
calls in telephone ' tea attire, and .the
subordinates do not recognize the face be
hind the waxed. points of the, mustache,
military etiquette has to go by the board.
..Police, Commissioner .Howell drifted Into,
the central police station yesterday after
noon about 4 o'clock with .eclat equal to
that which hangs about Beylard when he
EXTTTBIT ADVANTAGES
OF PHYSICAL CULTURE
Turn Verein Holds Annual Exhibi-
tion of Results of Delsarte and
Gymnastic Training.
The members of the San Francisco
Turn Verein held their annual gymnastic
exhibition at Turn Hall, Turk street, last
night. The audience numbered more than
100(1, and continued applause testified to
the popular appreciation of the clever
work: of those who participated in the ex
ercises.
About 300 persons took part in the vari
ous gymnastic drills, and showed admir
able proficiency in the performance of
many difficult athletic feats. The . work
of the little boys and girls in the cales
iher.ics and wand drills was particularly
¦well done. The ring exercises by tte
ladies were Justly received by the audi
ence with a very enthusiastic reception.
The aim of the verein is to promote the
cause of physical culture, and In response
to an invitation representatives of- the
Boards of Education and Supervisors
were present to observe the success of
determined effort in this direction. Th»
members of the Turn Verein are earnest
ly working with a view of impressing on
the public mind the importance and ad
vantages of physical culture, and in th^
hope that this branch of training may
be introduced more generally into our
public schools.
The success of the entertainment last
night was due in a great measure to the
untiring efforts of Hans Goetz, together
with President John Simmen and the fol
lowing named members of the advisorv
committee: fritz Zecher, Herman Stehll.i,
Carl Trost, E. A. Blumle and Fritz At
tinger.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 31.— Frank H.
Richards of Whatcom has returned from
Washington with a - commission In his
pocket for the United States Marshalship
of Alaska, second division. He will re
main in Seattle until the opening of navi
gation, taking passage on one. of the. first
vessels sailing for Nome. His term of of
fice begins with his arrival in the district.
¦ Richards makes emphatic denial of the
report more or less circulated in certain
quarters about getting ' his position
through the assistance of the so-called
McKenzie-Noyes receivership faction.
"Such a report, so far as my friends
are concerned ". Richards said, "Is«hardly
¦worth noticing. -and I only make the
denial with a view to setting right those
who do not know me or may be preju
diced by the 6tories. I belong to no Nome
or other Alaska faction and I propose
to show' no partiality or favoritism for
any man or combination of men. My ad
ministration of the office will speak for
itself, and on my record as Marshal I
am willing to stand or falL
"My Jurisdiction •will extend over the
second division of the Alaska district.
This comprises what Is generally termed
Northwestern Alaska. It takes in Dutch
Harbor, Unalaska, the Kuskikwim and
from the headwaters of the latter river
to the Arctic, including also the Koyo
kuk. My official headquarters will be at
St. Michael, though I shall, of course,
spend most of my time in the more popu
lated district of Nome. The second di
vision is allowed several regular or office
deputy 'marshals and such special depu
ties as are required. . In fact, every
United States Court Commissioner is ex
pected to have a special district deputy."
Richards received his appointment Jan
uary 29, and will succeed C. L. Vawter, re-'
signed.
Frank Richards, New Offi
cial, Says He Will Not
Favor Factions.
TSBOWN FROM ACABT.
AFTER BEnfa ARRESTED
SAN RAFAEL, March 31.— An unlucky
man who gave the name of J. Brown of
San Francisco was arrested to-day by
Deputy Game Warden Martin for catch
ing trout at the" Paper Mill. He was
brought to this city and paid $20 fine.
After making the arrest, Martin pro
cured a horse and cart and allowed
Brown, who was accompanied by his wife,
to drive here, he following on horseback.
In driving around a turn In the road
Brown drove over a stump and the cart
was smashed. Brown and his wife wer6
thrown out, but escaped serious injury.
MARSHAL OVER I
LIVELY ALASKA
BOSTON, March 3L— President TV. J.
Tucker of Dartmouth College took tho
Christian church to task for its part in
the Chinese troubles I during the -Lenten
sermon at the Old South Church this
evening. His strongest sentences were
these:
"The very apostles sent forth by the
church have shown they do not know how
to keep the ten commandments. In China
it looks as though the gospel was sus
pended as well as the law. The Christian
church has been set back, nobody knows
how far, by the behavior of the mission
aries in China."
His subject was "The College Graduate
and the Church." He asked what attrac
tiveness the church has been for the
student In these days of great material
wealth. He answered it by saying that
fhe need was a plain matter of fact
morality. The last century was one of
missionary activity, yet at its close its
work was discredited. It is a time of
moral confusion also. We must expect
the failure of Christendom to support
Christianity."
Christian Church Alleged by Speaker
to Hava Been Largely Bespon
• sible for the Recent
Troubles in China.
PLACES BLAME
ON MISSIONARIES
College President Declares
They Could Not Keep
Ten Commandments.
FRIENDS DECLARE
CHARGE IS FALSE
Mrs. Maggie McLachlan's
Husband Has Her Ar
rested for Insanity.
confident that they will promptly order
her released.
Woman Is Suing for Divorce and Un
successful Effort Is Made to
Prevent Attorney Seeing
Her.
Lacked In a padded cell In the Receiving
Hospital is an elderly woman named Mag
pie McLachlan. 6he Is charged with in
<=ar.-;ty. although the doctors, unanimously
declare that she Is mentally'sound.
Mrs. McLachlan lives at 1024 Sanchez
street. About a week ago she entered
divorce proceedings against her husband,
alleging extreme cruelty. On learning of
his wife's action, it is claimed, McLachlan
!ost no time in swearing to a warrant*
charging his better half with insanity;
J,ast Friday afternoon the unfortunate
woman was dragged from her home by a
policeman and locked up in the detention
ward of the Receiving Hospital. As soon
as her friends learned that she was
charged with insanity they went to the
hospital but were denied the privilege of
peeing her. Deputy County Clerk O'Neil,
who seems to have % akfn an unusual in
terest In the case, stood in the corridor
and firmly refused to allow anybody to
ppeak to the unfortunate woman-
Attorney Archie Campbell, who was em
ployed by the friends of Mrs. McLachlan
to prevent her from being railroaded to an
insane asylum, late Saturday night visited
the hospital and demanded to see her.
He was met by O'Neil. who emphatically
informed him that under no consideration
could he speak to Mrs. McLachlan. After
beir.p threatened that County Clerk Deane
would be communicated with otherwise.
O'Neil reluctantly allowed Campbell to see
tf'e unfortunate woman.
AVith tears streaming down her cheeks
Mrs. McLachlan begged the attorney to
have her released.
"I am not crazy," pitifully exclaimed the
l-.elpless woman. "For God's sake take me
out of here or I will go mad."
She declared that her husband had
caused her arrest for insanity in order to
defeat her suit for divorce.
The MeLachlans were married about
fifteen years ago In Edinburgh, Scotland.
Since their marriage, 6he alleges, he has
been in the habit of abusing her, even to
the extent of striking her in the presence
of her friends.
McLachlan is employed as a ship car
penter by the Risdon Iron Works. As he
oarr.s $90 a month Mrs. McLachlan. in her
complaint, asks that he be compelled to
pay her alimony.
Mrs. McLachlan will be examined by
the Commissioners and her friends are
T'HE SA^f FRANCISCO CXLL, MONDAY, APRIt^l, 1901.-;!
_ ¦ . . . ¦ . ... . ¦ ¦ . . . . «: : f - r
Lieutenant Birdsall and Three Patrolmen Fail to Salute
Howell on the Occasion of- a Visit to the /Central
Police Station and Are Guessing What Will Happen
TELEPHONE TEA ATTIRE HIDES
IDENTITY OF A COMMISSIONER
7
Sun rises ; :...5:53
Sun sets .. 6:33
Moon sets 4:21 a. m.
iTimel Time Time Time
D&tcl 1 i i , '„ .. _ , ' . ,* ,, ,
L..Wf H W L W H W
1 ... S:« 1.5 10:05 5.0 4:00 1.0 10:38 5 4
.2... 4:80 1.2 10:54 6.0 4:32 1.3 11:07 5.4
•3... 5:06 1.0 11:89 4.9 6:01 1.5 11:34 bi
4... 5:38 0.7 12:24 4.8 S:32 1.8 11:59 5 - 4
6... 6:11 0.5 1:06 4.6 6:01 2.1
H W L W H W L-W
6 .V. 0:20 5.3 6:49 0.4 1:50 4.5 6:33 2 4
7 ... 0:44 5.2 7:30 0.4 2:38 4.4 7:06 ii
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Costa Rica....:
Pomona
Arequipa
Mackinaw. .....
Empire..........
Fulton.........'.-
Chas. D. Lane..
Pen taur... '...:..
Umatllla....
Washtenaw 1
Arcata..........
Rainier....
Mariposa
Corona
City of Sydney.
San Pedro
Point Arena....
Santa Rosa
Zealandla '. .
Newburfr........
Ceronado
North Fork.....
Crescent City...
Nome City
Eureka
G. W. Elder....
Progreeo
Santa Barbara.
Acapulco .. ........
Humboldt ..:..
Valparaiso & "Way Pts
Seattle- .-
Coos Bay
Grays Harbor
Seattle
Hamburg <fc Way Ports
Puget Sound. Ports
Tacoma
Coos Bay ........'..... . . .
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Honolulu
Newport ;
Panama & -'Way Ports
Humboldt
Point Arena
San Diego ..'
Honolulu
Grays Harbor
Grays" Harbor ..........
Humboldt
Crescent City
Humboldt
Humboldt
Portland and Astoria. .
Tacoma
Santa Barbara
Apr. 1
Apr. 1
Apr. Z
Apr. -2
Apr. 2
Apr. 2
Apr. • 2
Apr. 2
Apr. z
Apr. '2
Apr. 2
Apr. 3
Apr. > 3
Apr. . 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. i
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. -4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr: 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 5
Apr. 5
Apr. 5
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
Argo. .........
Acapulco.....
Eureka •
Walla Walla.
Q. Dollar.....
Centennial.... 1
Mandalay....
Bonlta......."
Roanoke.....
Empire.......
Pomona.......
Acme.:........
Columbia.....
Queen..!.
April 1.
Coqullle River .... 4 pm
Panama & Way Pt 12 m
Humboldt 1J m
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
Grays Harbor .... 13. m
April 2.
Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am
, Coqullle River .... — pm
•Jewport ............ 9 am
V. Y. via Panama 2 pm
April 3.
Coos Bay V... 10 am
Humboldt........... 2pm
Tlllamook Bay ...13 m
; Astoria & Portland 11 am
San Diego ¦ ..... .9 am
April 4.
Grays Harbor ..:. 5 pm
Valparaiso & Way ... —
Coos Bay ........... lira
!'-_• April 5.
Newport 9 am
.. April 6.. >.
Honolulu 2 pm
Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Seattle & N. What .......
Point Arena........ 2 pm
Humboldt-... — ::; Iff am
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 2
I
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 16
Pier 13
Pier - 9
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 11
Fulton..*.'...;.
Arequipa......
Arcata.'.......
Pier-
s'. 2
i Pier U
Corona. ..I
I Pier 11
Marlposa.....
Umatllla......
Rainier..:.:.'".
Point Arena..
San Pedro....
Pier 7
I Pier 9
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier \ 2
Sun rises ; :...5:53
Sun sets .. 6:33
Moon sets 4:21 a. m.
iTimel Time Time Time
D&tcl 1 i i , '„ .. _ , ' . ,* ,, ,
L..Wf H W L W H W
1 ... S:« 1.5 10:05 5.0 4:00 1.0 10:38 5 4
.2... 4:80 1.2 10:54 6.0 4:32 1.3 11:07 5.4
•3... 5:06 1.0 11:89 4.9 6:01 1.5 11:34 bi
4... 5:38 0.7 12:24 4.8 S:32 1.8 11:59 5 - 4
6... 6:11 0.5 1:06 4.6 6:01 2.1
H W L W H W L-W
6 .V. 0:20 5.3 6:49 0.4 1:50 4.5 6:33 2 4
7 ... 0:44 5.2 7:30 0.4 2:38 4.4 7:06 ii
Steamer.
From.
I Due.
Costa Rica....:
Pomona
Arequipa
Mackinaw. .....
Empire..........
Fulton.........'.-
Chas. D. Lane..
Pen taur... '...:..
Umatllla....
Washtenaw 1
Arcata..........
Rainier....
Mariposa
Corona
City of Sydney.
San Pedro
Point Arena....
Santa Rosa
Zealandla '. .
Newburfr........
Ceronado
North Fork.....
Crescent City...
Nome City
Eureka
G. W. Elder....
Progreeo
Santa Barbara.
Acapulco .. ........
Humboldt ..:..
Valparaiso & "Way Pts
Seattle- .-
Coos Bay
Grays Harbor
Seattle
Hamburg <fc Way Ports
Puget Sound. Ports
Tacoma
Coos Bay ........'..... . . .
Seattle & N. Whatcom
Honolulu
Newport ;
Panama & -'Way Ports
Humboldt
Point Arena
San Diego ..'
Honolulu
Grays Harbor
Grays" Harbor ..........
Humboldt
Crescent City
Humboldt
Humboldt
Portland and Astoria. .
Tacoma
Santa Barbara
Apr. 1
Apr. 1
Apr. Z
Apr. -2
Apr. 2
Apr. 2
Apr. • 2
Apr. 2
Apr. z
Apr. '2
Apr. 2
Apr. 3
Apr. > 3
Apr. . 3
Apr. 3
Apr. 3
Apr. i
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr. -4
Apr. 4
Apr. 4
Apr: 4
Apr. 4
Apr. 5
Apr. 5
Apr. 5
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
Pier.
Argo. .........
Acapulco.....
Eureka •
Walla Walla.
Q. Dollar.....
Centennial.... 1
Mandalay....
Bonlta......."
Roanoke.....
Empire.......
Pomona.......
Acme.:........
Columbia.....
Queen..!.
April 1.
Coqullle River .... 4 pm
Panama & Way Pt 12 m
Humboldt 1J m
Puget Sound Ports. 11 am
Grays Harbor .... 13. m
April 2.
Seattle & Tacoma. 10 am
, Coqullle River .... — pm
•Jewport ............ 9 am
V. Y. via Panama 2 pm
April 3.
Coos Bay V... 10 am
Humboldt........... 2pm
Tlllamook Bay ...13 m
; Astoria & Portland 11 am
San Diego ¦ ..... .9 am
April 4.
Grays Harbor ..:. 5 pm
Valparaiso & Way ... —
Coos Bay ........... lira
!'-_• April 5.
Newport 9 am
.. April 6.. >.
Honolulu 2 pm
Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Seattle & N. What .......
Point Arena........ 2 pm
Humboldt-... — ::; Iff am
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 9
Pier 2
I
Pier 2
Pier 2
Pier 11
Pier 16
Pier 13
Pier - 9
Pier 13
Pier 24
Pier 11
Fulton..*.'...;.
Arequipa......
Arcata.'.......
Pier-
s'. 2
i Pier U
Corona. ..I
I Pier 11
Marlposa.....
Umatllla......
Rainier..:.:.'".
Point Arena..
San Pedro....
Pier 7
I Pier 9
Pier —
Pier 2
Pier \ 2
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
I i • Steamers leave Broadway
Bfc. wharf, San Francisco:
HKWii For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m.,
SjSSPaSt iprll 1. Change to company's
|Sj_i r *_5|ib« k steamers at Seattle.
IfirfcsZS'EHKl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
' REaESEil TCi C.) Port Townsend, Seattle,
_^_aa_^5_riffll Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes
i r WB( *!BISOBw and New Whatcom (Wash).—
>*¦*• 11 a. m.. April 1. and every
'¦I fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this confpany's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, Humboldt Bay— J p. nt.. March
29. April 8. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m.:
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford <San LuJs Obi-po). Gaylota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme 8an Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bo-
nlta, Tuesdays. 9 a. . m.
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas tMex.)— 10 a. m., "th each month.
For further Information obtain company*!
folders. •
The company reserves tho right to cninw
steamers, sailing dates and hoars of sailing
without previous notice. .
TICKET OFFICE— * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). • j.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO.. G«m. Arts..
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & •¦¦•¦ CO. 1,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
F O IRT 3L, .A. 2KT D
From Sp»ar-str<»et Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC *'2 First Class Includlnq Berth
lAliC $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails .. — :......... .....Apr. S
GEO. W. ELDER sails ..Mar. 29. Apr. 8
Short Line to Walla 'Walla. Spokane. Buttn.
Helena and to all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
. E. C. WARD. Of-neral Agent.
1 Montgomery st.
ES. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. April 6, 2 p. m.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday, April 17, 9 p. m.
J. D.SPBECKELS & BEOS. CO., Gsneral Agents. 327 Market St
5m'I Passenger Office, 843 Market St.. Pisr No. 7 r Pacifis St
______ . . _______________ __,
COMPAGNIE GENERALE THAN3ATLAHTIQTO.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS.
Sailing every Thursday. Instead or <C_aCI_n
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, -^"BM 1 *^*
North River, foot of Morton street. First clas.
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre. MS an.1 upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson building). New York J..F.
FUQAZI & CO., Pacinc Coast Arents. 5 Mont-
gomery avenue., San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents. -
1 * urn ill i i ift_A i _n iii f ¦ i>_* iiiflr TtmFii^BmmSBnMtmEnmMfTii
OCEAN TRAVEL v-^i;
AMERICAN LINE.
HZW Y0BK, SOUTHAMPTON, LOSDOIT, PARI3.
Stopping at Cherbonrc. westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday. 10 a. m.
New York April lOlNew York May t
Vaderland April 17 St. Paul May *
BU Louis April 241 at. Loul* May 13
• VC RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From Mew York Evenr Wednesday. 12 .noon.
Southwark April iflZeeland May t
Westernland . ..April 17 1 Frlesland May «
Kensington ....April 241 Southwark May 15
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
• General A«ent Pacfflc Coast. 30 Montgomery »t-
TOYO RISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS "WILL LEAVE "WHARF, COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. -tn.. .
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling -at
Kobe (Hloco). Nagasaki -and Shanghai. an<t
connecting at Hongkor.gr with steamer- for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of calling.
S3. HONGKONG MARU.Tuesday. April 9. l*n
BS. NIPPON MARU ..Friday. May 3. 1W
63. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday, May 29, Wl
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
421 Market street, corner First.
- W. H. AVERT. General A*»nt.
PANAMA Ri ifST"
TO; NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. 9105: Steerage. 9 4O. . ...,
S. S. Koanoke sails Tuesday, April 2
S. S. Leelanaw sails Saturday, April 20
S.S. Argyll sails . . Monday, May 6
From Wharf. Harrircn at.. 2 p. in.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market nt.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA CE VAPO2ES
To Valparaiso, ¦ stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Lombard
wharf. 12 tn.
AREQXTIPA Apr. 4|PERTT ." Apr. — ¦
LIMAR1 Apr. n.GUATEaiALA .May —
These steamers «are built exDjgFsaly for Cen-
tral and South^Vmerican • rapencer service.
(No change, a t^capulro or Panama.) Freight
and pa ssentrer office. 31* California street.
BALFOTTR. OHTTTRIT; * CO.. Ag»nt-.
v^BAY AND BIV_3B_STEAMEHS.
f¥1TFna^ae^^^
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON.. TUES.. WED-. THURS. AND- BAT.
at 9:45 a. m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1p.m. and 8:30; Sundays, -
'10:30 a. m., J 8 p. m. Landing and office, Ml*--
¦lon-at. Dock, Pier No. 2. Telephone Mate ISO*.THE SA^N; FRANCISCO CALL,: MONDAY^ APRIL 1, 1901.
8
; CLAIRVOYANTS.'
MME. M. BERNARD/ " ~~"~ ~ """"
THEFAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium," permanent-
ly located 17 Third st, next '¦ Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly,' gives an accur-
ate description of the pasf reveals the present
. : happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, -or have domes-
• tic, love or business troubles.' ; consult . this
great medium and you will be told .how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. P. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at .1206 Mar-
ket sf, • corner Golden Gate ave., ¦ rooms 23
and 2«: : take r elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed . by mail; send stamp • for . pam-
• phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT, the - great clairvoyant, tells
past and future: never fails: has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; . fees 25c up; satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215% Sixth st
MME. VALEEN. palmist and life reader,
psychic and magnetic healer; cures diseases
and habits; teaches how to influence people
and be successful In love and financial af-
fairs. 215 Leavenwortfc st '
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with ' double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading: ladies 60c,
gents tl; palm, and (Clalr. L sit. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of- life; business, love, mining:, law-
suits. 26% Kearny, r. 6. 6; hra. lOfto 12. 1 to 7.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, ' clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 10 a. in. to 6 p.m.
MRS. E. SANDERS, medium and .. palmist :
teaches mind vibration, the greatest secret on
earth; readings dally. 1130 Market tX.
MME. LAROSE. I best clairvoyant; card reader.
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson St., cor. 6th.
MME. HANSON' palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present; future, 250.448 Sixth st., r.. 14.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
lst and card reader; 25c up. \.t-. Seventh »t j
YOUNG Zemdar, clairvoyant business medium;
names given: L. 60c, G, f 1. Market, r. 25.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader:
sittings dally. - 448H Jessie St.. bet 5th and 6th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. U 6th; German epoken;tel.Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, - clairvoyant, card reader -and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2Ce. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
ad- :; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st. '
CARPET BEATING A2VD CLEAMSCJ.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
Ing Works. 363-357 Tehama st; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning ', and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister st : phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H. -
STEVENS, mgr., 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 8c per yard, laid at Be.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st ; tel. Jessie «44..
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth et.; tel. Mission 74..
ADVANCE- Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.; telephone East 12G.
CHIROPODISTS. , X
CORNS, bunions, Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blains; painless cure. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. '
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency — No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
3 BROAD place, off Bush, between Hyde and
Larkln — Sunny cottage of a rooms; rent $15.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, bath and basement. Key
at 22'1 Thirteenth st. near Howard.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms and bath; with or without
stable. 919 Capp st. • . .
$10— FOUR "rooms; furniture for sale cheap;
large yard for garden, chickens. 3137^ 16th.
DENTISTS.
A^r^hT^ELE^T^-DENTA^rCL^N^cT^oTMar^
ket Bt, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
' have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; • gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
: fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless -method; 20 years'
experience;' ro students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady . attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. §
A-NEW' unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted ' for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted: Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth*
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge ¦ for extracting -when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
.from $S per set; extracting, 60c; gas given.
MEYER, 6 Turk— Painless extraction; vitalized
air ;crcwns ;brldgewoik. Open Sundays to 12 nut
PARIS Dental Parlor, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
: Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH.' 815% Geary, nr. Larkln-Paln-
. less extraction 50c; plates $5 up ;phone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly" In Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
; 50c. N. Y. Dentists, 9C9 Mission sf. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— • •Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1241 Polk st. .. .
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & MHllnery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market Et.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
ATRES' Business College, 723 Market st. — Day
and evening; $8 per month; $50 life scholarship
guarantees a complete . business education, in-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course:
telegraphy, penmanship, etc. ; j positions se-
cured for graduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College,- Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorlal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.'
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc. ; day
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, ' law and medical
" col leges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. . ¦'
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all lt« graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlning.mech., sur-
vey, aesay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est 1864." Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nn City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and. the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
¦ clsco Business. College, 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping;. figures; short
time. TARR,- exp. acct, 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER . College,' shorthand and
typing, removed - to I new quarters, rms. 40-45;
Parrott bldg.: Jndlvid. instruction; catalogue.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc. Prof. DeFillppe'sAcademy
of Lar.guages,320Post;estab'd lS71;ablest profs.
KENT Law School, day and night, prepares
for Supreme Court. 629 Parrott building. -..
PROF. MERKI. from Paris, violin, mandolin,
j guitar; experienced. 1008 Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission-; nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
1 EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
'. . . $-,--
.JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleanin? Co.." best help: send men at short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2S91.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
. cooks, waiters and house ¦ servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 13.5.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California: phone James 2fiQi;
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 10-15 Sutter:tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-ChinesH employment of-
fice; all. kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 3072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office —
Best help. B26 O'Farrell ' Et;;tel.> Hyde ;m.,
CHINESE and Japanese employment office^
Best help. 411^4 O'Farrell st.: tel. East 426.
¦KM I'LO YJI I?.\T, WA.VTEU— FE3IALE.
FIRST-CLASS parlormaid and waitress desires
situation: best or reference.;; MISS CULL.EN,
3C3 Sutter st. . - - s ¦
SITUATION . wanted by a girl to do coaltins:
wages $£h to $30 : . references.' Call ; at -569
; Minna sf. near Seventh. \ . ~. ¦ Vy.
YOUNG woman with ' a child wishes a place
to work as housekeeper. -Call "at 3 -Seventh.
IAN FRA5CISCO CALL.
nCEINESS OFFICE c.1 The Ban Francisco
Cell, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year. .
BP.ANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery Ftreet
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
£00 Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
(SS McAllister street;, open until »:!0 p. m.
t li Larkln street: open until 8:30 p. m.
. 1941 Mission etreet: open until 10 p. m.
U61 Market street, corner Sixteenth: open
vntil 9 p. m.
1C« Eleventh etreet; open until 9 P- «-
:C36 Valencia etreet: open until • P- rn.
Northwest corner Twenty-»econd and «-en
rocky rtreetg; open nntll 9 p. m. >
MEETING >' oT^ C J5 S^____—
5
Be? Cross will »e conferred. All fra-
ters are £«£^ t Vcm1l£*K; En, Con,
WM , t. FONDA. Recorder.
' : - ft
SAN FRANCISCO ChapterNo *#V
Arch Masons, meets THIS isv^i> /^/\
ING. Busli-csa and degree 4. ' '
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. m"
M.-THIS (MONDAY) EVENING. at^\^
S o'clock, stated meeting. /WS
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec / XT
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A.< ¦
M-— Stated meeting THIS DAT (MON- «#%-
DAT). April 1. 1901, a.t 8 o'clock p. m.
By order of the W. M. ' ~ '
L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING SOLOMON'S Loflge No. 260. V. m
and A. M., Flllmore «t, between Bush m fK m
ar.<3 Sutter (Franklin Hall)— Stated jCJt
meeting and third degree THI8 EVEN- / '
ING at 7:80 o'clock.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
PIONEERS— The regular ¦
monthly meeting of the J £Slit*v'fcw»j£8k
Society of California
Pioneers will be held
A full attendance is re-
quested. J. L SPEAR. Secretary.
DIVISION No. 2, A. O. H.— The regu- fi-j^Wfj
lar monthly meeting of this division YjWMf
V.U1 be held at Hibernla Hall, 120 «\Yjff
Ninth t-t., on TUESDAY. April 2. 1901. :>£\\fi}
at 7:30 p. n, Quarterly meeting; flnes*3-«B3<*
for con-attendance. JOHN KENNY.
• T. L. CLANCY. Sec. President
6 AN FRANCISCO Butchers' W. P. tgjSaga
t'r.Ion No. 115 will meet at the *^fc525§3
Temple. 115 Turk et.. every TOES- "^ "
DAT EVENING, at 8 o'clock sharo. By
order of F. W. SANDERSON, President.
HERMAN MAY. Reo. Sec.
THE California Debris Commission, having r»-
celved applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from V. C. LeBlond and W. E. Olm-
rtead. In the Chaparral Hill mine, near
Downleville, Sierra Co., to deposit tailings in
i Goodyear Creek: from Ah Lung, ' in the Ful-
ler Flat mine, near Scales, Sierra Co., to de-
posft tailings In Canyon Creek: from J. H.
Skinner, In the , Lava Point mine, at Hepsl-
dam. Sierra Co., to deposit tailings in
Whiskey Creek; from J. W. Dempsey, in the
Hungarian Hill mine, near Qulncy. Plumas
Co.. to deposit tailings In Whiskey Creek,
and from J. S. Carter and William Deal. In
the Cadmus mine, at head of Peters Creek,
Plumas Co., to deposit tailings In Peters
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be
held at room C9, Flood building, San Fran-
cIbco. Cal.. on April 16. 1901. at l:S0 p. m.
~ AGENTS WASTED.
$300 TO $600 a month— Selling new patent brake
right to mechanics: positive proof; territory
one-fourth value; no fakers; three days only.
E. L. RICHARDS. Winchester Hotel.
EXPERIENCED Insurance agents. Call at
room 101, 997 Market Bt. corner Sixth. > v
WANTED — Apents In each city; jrood money.
Pacific Coast M. & L. Co.. 4(0 9th. Oakland.
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.
ASPHALTUM ROOKING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. US6 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ASTROLOGY.
Scientific teacher cf astrology; horoscopes com-
plete.50c &$1. Mrs.Dr.Smlth, 1007H Marketr.ll.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: '. divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without EUccess; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections: damages: es-
tates: mining; open even. 5S2 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. i27 Market «t, opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Tpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket Bt.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GERMAN lady would like one or more children
to board; a nice place and home; fresh milk
every day. Inquire corner Oregon and Mll-
- via sts., Berkeley.
A FAMILY without children wishes a child to
board: good home and care. 132 Fourteenth
et., near Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1300; DELICACY and provision store; 1
block from Market et.; daily receipts from
$35 to $40; a flret-dass. paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE, 2Shk Kearny et
A-$1S!X>; SALOON In whoeesale district; no
¦ night or Sunday work; rent $50; dally re-
ceipt* $20; good business; owner engaged
otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE, 26',4 Kearny.
A— $650; SALOON, corner; only one block S. of
Market st.; net rent $35; a firet-class paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE. 2614 Kear-
ny Bt. ¦ • . l ;
A — $500; DAIRY produce and coffee and tea
store, with 2 living rooms; rent $20: very
best location, McAllister st, and good pay-
ing; death" cause of sale. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26^ Kearny et
A— $400; BRANCH bakery and stationery store;
5 living rooms; rent $20; dally receipts $12;
rare and splendid chance. R. G. WILKE
Z6*i Kearny st '
a— $1S5O; CORNER grocery and bar. on Point
Lobes ave.; rent $40; lease; living rooms; old
established and first-class paying business,
with large stock; rare chance. Call R G.
WILKE. 261,4 Kearny ft.
A— $400; RESTAURANT; choicest location;
close, to Palace Hotel; rent $30; good paying
business. Call R. O. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— $650; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $«: a
fine business and choice location in the Mis-
sion; splendid show for man and wife. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Et
A RARE chance— Old-established flower store,
with nursery, including hothouses, boiler.
horses, wagons, plants and trees of all de-
scriptions; location heart of the city; estab-
lished 8 years; first-class, paying establish-
meut; lease. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
A — 1300; RESTAURANT on Sansotne Bt.: rent
$18; good paying. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $200; STATIONERY 6tore; 2 living rooms;
rent $10; good business for man and wife.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st
GROCERY AND BAR— Good downtown corner;
store and 3 rooms; rent $25; dally sales $12;
other business cause of selling; price reduced
. to $450.
PARTNER WANTED la a general mer-
chandise store; large stock; paving business;
capital f25CO.
HAIRDRESSINO PARLOR; paying busi-
ness; a bargain at $100.
RESTAURANT — Closed on account of sick-
ness; good location for m?n and wife; will
rert furnished or sell at sacrifice; $200.-
CIGAR STORE— Sickness necessitates an
immediate sale: dally average Jib; downtown
location; price J550. • . ¦
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
317 Market st. opposite Mason.
C. ANTHONY & CO.. 759 Market st
Phone Black 4071
...Money loaned on legitimate propositions...
List your business with us '..:;..
We sell for cash
$400— Bakery: Western Addition
$275 — Branch bakery; near school
$700 — Butcher shop: Mission: horse, wagon...
SIM) — Candy. Ice cream parlor; leading street..
$2iQ— Cigar stand; wholesale district
$10 t "i — HALF interest grocery and bar: estab-
i.^scd 15 years; good location; cheap rent;
retlrtng partner sells only account other bus-
iness; remaining partner responsible man; |
value in eight LTJNDIN & CO.. 006 Market.
$."30— HALF interest: corner saloon; elegant
rxtures; «Ja!lv receipts *20 to $30; chance In
lifetime. LUNDIN,& CO.. 9M Market st.
LODGINO-HOUSESi boarding-houses and ho-
-els. tosuit every burc-r; this office Is licensed;
r am established since 1S32: I loan money to
buyers; sr«»nr»ral satisfaction guaranteed. Call I
«. W. SCHlVKINHARli. phone JKmjsu.:
1 looms L 2. No. 917 Market st. opp. Mason, j
TFIKDrRS trim l>» received for 3 days— on the
'ioliar— A sn»n for small capital: <lry goods
srid gont's ftam!shing stocSyln good order;
l,as!ness established 16 years;^%n Market st. ;
proprietor retiring account ill-Sfalth: terms
cash. John Elder Co.. Rental Bureau, 22 Krny.
«06 CIGAR ftar-is, 2C<3 groceries and bars.
200 candy and icecream etores. £00 restaurants. J
PHO 6tores of sli k'ntis:. partners wanted. i
pjirti** with $100 up can he «"Jlte4. • !
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S33 Market *t i
SPECIAL notie«>— We have" several exception-}
r!1>' desirable "canrty. notion, bakery . and !
l*:ti<-h: grrocery an.l bar and delicatessen I
stores: el?o rifrtaurantF; barber chops ami
«a!oons. FISH SR & CO.. U-Zi Market st
fJJSQQ — WINK and li<juer. ktore;. transfer . corner;
-ctirinr fnun brsSnefn .-"aMse of sale. Mc-
- T -AUGHLI.N & CO., 777H " Market Et.
BUSINESS CHA5CKS — Continued. -
A NEWLY patented device for i military pur-
poses In camp, trench and hospital, thus In
l-ltlng Government contracts; -tor- Joiners,
prospectors and campers, in cold, frozen and
all regions, from whom the demand I _»ouad
be large, as this device would be the means
of SRViiur thousands of live. In Nome and
Klondike, etc.; for cattlemen, farmers, dalri-
men, orchardists, etc.; for railroad, gas and
- water companies; it will form a most profit-
able basis for organizing a company to ex 7
plolt It: the patent of this most lucrative
monopoly Is offered for only one-half Its ap-
praised value. Address box 162, Berkeley
p. p., Cal. / ¦ ¦ • .
A— $600; RESTAURANT: no better location In
the city: this is positively worth over $1000.
but It musfgo Immediately. Business Board
of Trade. 326 Pine st; phone Davis J320.
A— GOOD restaurant complete; good payer; In
manufacturing center: cheap rent DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st
TAILOR business cheap; 2 machines; doth
and trimmings: everything to live with; rent
cheap; retiring from business; price $40. 622
Stanyan 6t.. near Halght - ,
GROCERY and saloon for sale; 4 housekeeping
rooms off store; retiring from business on
account of going East ' Apply at 248 Mlnna.
S12O0— SILENT or active partner in established
butter business; money used to increase busl-
ness; net $110 monthly each. Box 2805. Call.
CHOICE corner saloon; -good location; paying
business. ! NE. I corner Seventh and Folsom.
OT7TSID15 route on this paper for sale. 'Apply
Call Business office.
' '' '' - . -¦ '
LARGE outside route (No. 10) for sale. Apply
at Call Business office.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business ;
. . including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams, etc
H. A F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
CREAMERY, dairy produce, etc.; $1000; estabi
llshed 10 years; - sickness cause of selling;
trial given. Box 2745. Call.
BRANCH bakery, confectionery and variety
store at a bargain; best location in Mission ;
Hving^fSCHis; rent cheap. Apply 2148 Mission.
A DELICACY and baker: good location: cheap
rent; a bargain: must be sold; any reasonable
offer will be accepted.- 727 Laguna St.
$200— BAKERY with horse and wagon, counters
and fixtures of the best; fine chance for a
baker. California Business Assn., 865H Mkt. ,
PARTNER wanted : chicken and hog ranch :
city outskirts; $150 to $400 required; married
American preferred. Box 2753, Call office, j
A CHANCE to secure that fine large store
now buildlnsr at 813 O'Farrell st. near Ma-
Bon. Apply 15 Grant ave. ¦
FOR sale— Restaurant and living rooms com-
plete. 126 Second st.
RESTAURANT: good paying business; receipts'
$18 a day; dirt cheap. Box 2757, Call office.
FOR Sale — Good-paying restaurant; owner leav-
ing city. Address 4627 Grove Et, Oakland.
YOUNG business man with capital wants good
opening; mfg. pref.; particlrs. Box 2775, CalL
RESTAURANT for sale; doing good business;
rent cheap. 606 Howard st, near First.
FIRST-CLASS tailor shop^ for sale at % price.
Call at 465 Valencia et, near corner Sixteenth.
FOR sale— Shoeblacklng stand. 725 Utah st bel
t ween Nineteenth and Twentieth.
FIRST-CLASS dairy depot; good living rooms;
small route If desired. Box 2513, Call office.
GOOD paying restaurant on city front. Call
at DETJEN & MENDGEL, 35 Market st
FANCY dry goods business for sale; owner
retiring. 1531 Devisadero St.; call b«?t 12 and 1.
LARGE Inside route on this paper for sale.
Apply Business office. - /
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10S6 Va-
lencla st.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
16 ROOMS; corner; fine for transient $1000
32-room house; clears $200 1600
10 rooms on Eddy St., near Market 500
14 rooms on Third Bt, near Market 650
14 rooms on JNUsslon st 650
40 rooms; rent $60; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200 2000
27 rooms; just finished; very fine 2800
24 rooms on Geary Bt; clears $135 1900
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300.. 6000
I will furnish money and you buy for cash.
SS-room house; clears $800 6000
80-room boarding-house; clears ?fO0 5000
8-room flat; sunny side 700
6-room flat; very good 325
4 vacant houses to rent.
600 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms, price $100 to
$20,000; abstract furnished free with every
house sold. H. C. DECKER, 1C20 Market Bt.,
opposite Fifth; phone Mint 796.
A. CAMERON & CO., 830 Market st, and 8
Stockton St., phone Bush 328, rooms -21, 22, 23.
— If you have hotel, rooming house or busi-
ness chance of any kind to sell list with us;
we have cash customers for all sizes and
prices; If you wish to purchase, see our list
of bargains.
El rooms. Sixth st. ; good condition; rent
$140; clears $175; Al location, $3000. .
23 rooms; rent $75; offices first floor; six
rooms pay $60; leaves 17 rooms for $15; good
furniture and carpets; 2 years old; $1700.
8-room modern flat; Eddy St.; rent $40; good
furniture and carpets; sunny; $450. ¦ . . ¦ ¦
17 rooms; Geary et.; rent $65; good carpets
and furniture; all rented; pays $85 over ex-
penses; offices first floor.
12 rooms; Leaven worth st; rent $55; elegant;
$S50; full good roomers.
SELECT'TOHR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
( EST LIST IN TOWN.
E rooms; well furnished; good location.. $250
10 rooms; cheap rent; honest value $550
22 rooms; apartment house; going to
Nome; must sell $1000
32 rooms; a big money maker; down
town; only '. $1600
82 rooms; elegantly furnished; see this.. $9503
150 rooms; a chance seldom offered $25,009
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000-
Also boarding houses and country hotels.
Bee our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO., 838 Market Bt.
SKE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
60 rooms, close In, elevator, etc $4500
12'rooms, new, clean, clears $50 flOO
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
SO rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments E00
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market."
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 MARKET ST. ~<
Over Wonder Millinery Store
60 rooms; rent $100; clears $150 ..$2500
49 rooms; part cash; see It... $2500
20 rooms; rent $50; only $800
20 rooms: Ellis Bt : new; terms $1400
MONEY TO LOAN AT m PER CENT.
DO you want a bargain in a rooming-house,,
partner, . saloon, home In either Oakland, San
Francisco, Los Angejes, San Jose? Do you
want a home in Mo.. - Kansas. Nebraska,
Iowa? See CLARK & WARD, 107SH Market
st. S. F. ; Sth and Broadway. Oakland.
FISHER & CO.. 1032 Market st; tel. Jessie 1599.
i 4? rooms; north of Market: only..'..., $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished.. 600
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable.... 900
. If a bargain we have them at any price,
north or south of Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN. Money to Loan
719 Market, by Call bldg.: tel. Black 1S03.
18 rooms; fine carpets and furniture.. ..$1100
34 rooms; north Market; elegant furniture 1600
19 rms.; sunny cor.; fine location: *A cash 1400
ATTENTION SELLERS!
LlFt your house, store, saloon, city or country
real estate or business place with me. I will
advertise free. I want no contract. DECKER,
1020 Market st.. opp: Fifth; phone Mint "96.
7 ROOMS, near Market: rent $25; price $250.
II rooms: McAllister st: rent $40; price $550.
14 rooms; Mission, st. : rent $50; price $550.
9 rooms: Sixth St.; rent $25: price $400.
-EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth St.
A-<)THER business compels me to sacrifice 2
elegantly located, handsomely furn. houses;
piano and mirror; folding beds: no agts.: price
way down;part cash. Dr. Averill.SS McAlllstr.
BEST offer -this week taken fourteen rooms
good hardwood furniture. £56 Howard st
FOR Sale— Rooming-hou&e, 13 rooms. . 697 Ellis
st: no agents.
FRIENDSHIIMIall. 335 McAllister— Mrs C J
Meyer; sittings dally; test3 to all to-n! & ht; lOc.
MRP. LOUISE R. DREW. . Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, C03 Larkln et.
JOHN. SLATER'S- circle to-night. 8:15: sittings
10 to 4. 1SCJ Stockton st., near Greenwich. ¦'
MME. GYEISN," trance medium: advice In all
affairs of life: sittings from 1 to a and 7 to 8
at 33 Sixth St.. rooms 16 and 17 ¦ > ¦
A-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance. - business
medium, life reader, medical clairvovant: slt-
tiiigs n. 1164 OFarrell. nr. Gcugh. Ellis car.
AFTER a severe illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorce? deaths-
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. 1 Wed.. Frl. eve.; letters answered.
Resld. (no signs). 513 Kddv. bet. Hyde-Larkin.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free. tests, calltng your name, the
r.EJiie cf the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry: the only medium In the
world so sure of his occult power that h«
will give every person who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write, with
ftamps for answers. 13S2 Market st. opp: 7th.
SPIRITUALISM.
FOR sale — A 6-room furnished house; nice
home: rent $25. 1614 Bush *t.°ti9Sft35*M&
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-^-FEMALE.
STRONG. ; good, willing woman: great '¦ house-
.."cleaner; can do most any kind of :work;'good
¦ references ; wages -. $1 • per day : and -. carfare ;
good washer flannels. ,726 Mission, downstairs.
RESPECTABLE lady,' good cook, kind to chil-
dren. • wishes position as housekeeper; city or
.country. Call between 1 and 4 p. m. at 68-76
Ellis Et.. room 53. « . . -.'-y
AN experienced middle-aged German girl wants
,a situation as. a ladles" maid, seamstress or
-nursery governess; good references. Box 2818,
I Call office. •..".-¦-. ' '• .
WAITRESS wants position from 6 o'clock a. m.
until 2 p. m.. or straight waiting with no Sun-
day, work. Call before 12 or after 5, room 13,
• 212 Second at. '. ."""'.' - ' '
SWISS-IT ALJ.AN girl wishes situation to do
• . general housework; American or French, fam-
ily 'preferred; does not speak Enslisa. 611
Brpadway. . . . - •
MADEMOISELLE MATHILDE BOUCHARD
desires , a position- as visiting .governess;
French and music ; private lesions given. Box
2708, Call office. ¦¦¦¦'¦
REFINED girl of 14 would like to take -cara
of child in nice home in Alameda; references.
Call or address 1311 Railroad ave.. Alameda.
WANTED-^Situatlon by young lady press feed-
. er; "wages $10 a week; 9 hours work. Ad-
dress Feeder, 222 Twelfth st, bet. Howard
and Folsom. . ' y -' ' '
ONE or two children to board In private fam-
lly; no other children; a mother's care and
a comfortable. home. 113 Ninth st. j
REFINED Swiss lady wants a position to do
upstairs work in first-class American family;
city references 4 years. Box 2761. Call office.
COMPETENT Swedish glrllwants position do-
. ing cooking or second work; best of city
references; $25 to $30. Address box 2744. Call.
POSITION wanted to take care of an Invalid
or child. Call at 144 Silver st. . '
YOUNG married English lady desires position
during day; Bleep home. Box 2773, Call office.
WOMAN wishes work by the day,- washing,
Ironing and cleaning; references. 3219 ?Oth.
WORK by day wanted on.Tues.; Thurs. and
Fridays. Call 146 11th. cor. Howard, . room 11.
HANDKERCHIEF laundry work .;• well done;
ftp per doz. 14% Cedar ave. ¦
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
¦ ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $150 per night | $150 to
; $6 wetk; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
. and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore Bt
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 1030
Valencia Bt. ,.-.'¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
BOOKKEEPER and cashier (age 80), i with
present firm -. last . 12 years, wants to change
where brains and . hard work count. Box
2782, Call office. .' ¦
WANTED — A pogitlon -as buyer or. collector;
years of experience; bonds If necessary. Box
2780,' Call office. •¦-.,.
SITUATION • by young man taking care of
horse, cow, garden; good driver; handy with
tools. Box 2736, Call office. ~^
WANTED — ' Work as porter or Janitor.
ADQLPH FRESE, YoaemUe House.
MIDDLE-AGED German wants situation as
porter 'for . hotel or private place for house
or garden work; city or country; handy, with
tools; wages $15 or $20. Box 2752, Call office.
A MIDDLE-AGED man wants position as night
..watchman, elevator man or care for horses;
driver. Address by letter. 725 Utah Bt. •
AN Eastern hotel man, experienced : in every
detail, would like some first-class resort to
manage. Box 2S14, Call office. -
PAINTER and paper-hanser wants situation;
•first-class, workman. "Hammer," 822 Fre-
mont St. ¦ ¦
POSITION by expert die and tool maker; long
experience on fine intricate ' work. Address
2759. Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class cook, wants place to do
*cooking; hotel or big family;. city or country;
wages $35 up.- Address U. M., 418 A Post et. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1031
. Valencia et. ¦ . ' ' ¦ . ..-;.-.
FINANCIAL. ;
FOR^INVESTORS <~V. '
I OFFER FOR SALE .
Unimproved and income city property: gilt-
, edge, bonds and . stocks of electric, gas. rail-
road and industrial corporations; money to
loan; investments made; bank references; cor-
respondence • solicited. . ¦•• '
T. OTWAY. SADLEIR,- :'./,..
j v ! . Room 40, 310 Pine st,
...--¦• ~ .San Francisco. •
THE STANLEY- Aerial "Navigation Company.
A limited number of shares . for sale at a
. sacrifice. Box 2649, Call office. :
FLATS TO LET.
A NEW," sunny flat of 7 rooms and bath; $15.
.. Apply 350 Preclta - ave. •- V." :Y
FURNISHED corner flat of 8 rooms." . 654
Church st., near Eighteenth, i -
NEW upper flat, 6 room3 and bath. Northwest
corner Turk and Pierce sts. : $23.
NEW building of 3 llais on Church St., near
Mission High-School. -
SUNNY flat, 7 rooms, bath, stationary tubs.
1627 Folsom st: rent $20. • , ¦¦
SUNNY bay-window flat of 3 rooms; rent $12 50.
1361 Sacramento st. '
$16— SUNNY upper bay-window flat, 6 rooms,
bath; all mod. 1130 Florida st. bet. 23d, 24th.
VALENCIA. 1306 — Sunny flat of 6 large rooms.
2 bay-windows ; sunr.y yard : rent $20.
FLATS TO LET — FBltariSHICI).
NICELY furnished lower flat for rent, 8 rooms,
bath. Box 2741. Call office.
FLATS WANTED.
: x. —
FLAT of 6 rooms; family of 3 adults; must be
sunny. Box 2746, Call office. ¦ . .
FCRNITUUB FOR SALE!.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50. with No. 7
. range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
$11— UPPER flat, 3 large sunny rooms ; base-
ment. 123 San Jose ave.. bet. 23d and 24th.
FURNITURE WASTED.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1205 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
IF you -want to sell *urn.; mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel.Folsora
2245 New Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest value for. furniture, carpels,
etc., seje W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 33o3.
CH AS. LEVY buys ycur furniture, carpets,
pianos, .etc. 1135 Market st. ; tel., Jessie. 761. .
A_ WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays 'highest
• price for. second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
' HELP " WAXTED— FEMALE. " ¦
AT C. — HANSEN & CO.'S. ...Phone Grant 185
........... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses .;..... springs. ...... .......$20
. waitress South fare paid, $25
- waitress. .Institution, found and washing. .$25
- waitress '. -.. Menlo Park $20
2 waitresses Vallejo $20
chambermaid to. wait. ...summer resort $20
. chambermaid to wait.-.Colusa, fare paid... $20
waitress North, fare paid $20
• 10 waitresses ; City $20
German girl delicatessen store...... $5 wk.
lunch waitress. no Sunday ; work 50c
2 cleaners institution and restaurant... .$20
nurse institution $20
waitress .Nevada Co $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
cook Alameda Co..'.*..... $30
cook and second girl Across the bay
see party here this p. m $u5
Cook Berkeley .."......... $25
housegirl Oakland '...$20
In fact, any woman or girl looking for a po-
. sltion as , housegirl, second girl, nursegirl,
cook, can obtain it at good wages by apply-
ing. to .
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK for family of 2. $35; infant's nurse,
$25. C. R.* HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
INFAKT'S nurse, $25; second girl, Ross Val-
. ley, 725; seamstress, $1 a day; working house-
keeper, city. $20; working housekeeper, coun-
try. $15, no objection to a child; waitress,
railroad eating-house, $20; German nurse, $25:
I companion fcr a girl and sew. $20: maid'and
seamstress,- S20; chambermaid, hotel, $20.
¦i MISS CULLEN,. 325 Sutter st- .
COLORED girl to look after four-year-old
¦ child; sleep home; wages $30- W. G.
CRANDALL,' Long Syrup Co.; Eighth and
C. Brannan sts. - ¦ ¦ •
FINISHERS, also ; apprentices; paid, • while
¦—learning on custom pants. ¦¦ 14 McAllister. st.,
• room 13.
WANTED— A nurseglrl that . has ¦ had expe-
rience. . Apply ¦ between 10 and 11 a. jm. at 1453
< Franklin st. -¦ . •_¦ " ¦ , , - .....
COLORED girl for housework and plain coo'.c-.
?¦ ing: small flat; two in family; wages $30. T. .
' •¦ BROWNE.- 20 Front st :.. ¦ . :
YOUNG lady stenographer: beginner preferred;
j salary $25 to start. W. . . G. CEUNDALL,
I .Long-. Syrup. Co.,- Eighth and Brannan • sts.
THREE pants : finishers; ':.-_ steady .work. . 83S
'Howard st.j between Fourth and Fifth, over
• handball ¦ court.
¦ MRsT M^.^Tda Phone" Main 1575
t : <y .~. .... . . . | HOTEL DEPARTMENT :.;....:
; ; 8 .waitresses, first-class commercial hotels,' $20
to : $25, - many s f are9 paid; 7 waitresses, city
hotels, ?20; restaurant waitresses, $6 and $7;
woman cook, $40; cook, lunch parlor. $30;
- pastry cook. $30/
••" FAMILY DEPARTMENT'
cook and housegirl. Berkeley, $30, see lady
here. 10 a. m.; 3 first-class housegirls, $25;
.housegirl. Jewish family. $20; housegirl. East
Oakland. $20; second girl. $2>. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary st .
FIRST-CLASS tailoress and apprentices on
, custom coats; paid while learning. 411%
Kearny Et.. top floor. ..'..-*-
FINISHERS on custom coa^s; steady work;
good pay. H. HILP, 106 Battery st
WOMAN- to cook, wash, assist: general house-
work; country; wages $20. 828 Turk st.
GOOD dishwasher wanted. 134 Third st:
WANTED— A lady for plain, sewing. 29
Stockton at. . ...
TAILORES8 wanted . on ¦ custom work. 200
Golden Gate ave. •
PANTS finisher and apprentice: paid while
learning-. 110 -William, nr. Geary & Taylor.
YOUNG lady stenographer; wages $30. T. H.
BROWNF., 20 Front st. '
WANTED — Girl for housework; good home.
635C Minna st. <__ _^
COOK wanted; wages between $30 and $33.
Call at 1257 Octavla it. '
TAILORESS wanted on custom coats. 1170
Market St.. room 36. *
GIRL wanted in small family for general
housework and cooking. 1663 Post st.
COMPETENT girl for general housework and
cooking; $20. 213 Broderick st.
GIRLS wanted for dressmaking at 1407 La-
guna st. ' • '-^,f
NEAT girl for upstairs work, assist with baby,
¦ small family. $15. 2520 Green st. - :
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 2621
Laguna-st.
GIRL for cooking and light • housework. Ap-
ply In the morning at 1214 Eddy st.
SMART girls to learn tailoring; paid while
1215 Market st.
GOOD and experienced waitress. Hotel Mlra-
mar, 703 Geary st.
GIRL f o*r candy store. 148 Fourth et., near
Howard. •
GOOD finisher wanted; price no object for a
good hand. 12S2 Folsom st. r^
GOOD hands on vests; also an apprentice;
wages no object. 641 Stevenson st
EXPERIENCED operators on silk waists;
•good pay. S. F. Mfg. Co.. 409A Turk st. .
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on coats.
107 Fifth Bt, room 7. '
STEADY girl to do general cleaning in res-
taurant. 25 Taylor st. ; no cooking.
WANTED— Waitresses. Hotel - : Repelier. tH
; Butter st. . . : ,
YOUNG German girl to assist in light house-
work; no washing. 691 McAllister st c-v *
"WANTED— Flrst-claes | saleslady In cloak and
suit department. Apply at HALE BROS.,
979-987 Market st, -Monday, between 8 and
U a. m. - , ¦
WANTED — Trimmers, makers and salesladies
In millinery department. Appl^- at HALE
BROS., 979-987 Market st, -Monday, between
8 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Experienced seamstress In cloak
and suit alteration department. Armly at
HALE BROS.. 979-987 Market St., between 8
and 11 a. ui. ,
WANTED— Respectable young girl for light
housework; three in family; $10 per month.
Apply Sunday and Monday at 3821 Clay St.,
- bet. 9 and 10 a. m. >- -- - ¦ : :
ABO.-T 100 more operators, also riveters, want-
ed at LEVI STRAUSS & CO.'S overall fac-
tory, 32^4 Fremont Bt : no experience neces-
sary; good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
MEN OR WOMEN :..
. Paid Big Commissions
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY, 21 Spear st. ,
RELIABLE nurse for child 2 years old ; refer-
ences required. Call Monday from 9 a. m. to
- 2 p. m., 1718 Pine st
OPERATORS on shirts and overalls: inexperi-
enced instructed., HEYNEMANN & CO.. 410
Mission at. ._ .
IMMEDIATELY— 2 lady solicitors; fair salary;
must be of good address; for Saturday Even-
ing Post. 50 Columbian building.
A -YOUNG German girl as second srlrl; must
assist the cook with washing; wages $20.
245 Chestnut st.
REQUIRED— Service of refined woman, over 26;
'. references and former occupation, if any: per-
manent. Box 2762. Call -office.
WANTED — Operators - on women's wrappers;
- steady woik; good pay. MARKS BROS.,
1212 Market st. . -
WANTED — Elderly German woman for house-
..work: no washing; sleep home; wages $25 a
month. 7S2. Fulton st.
GIRL to assist; sleep home;- small wages. Ap-
¦ ply forenoons 2146% Market, cor. Laguna.
EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted. 121 Post
at, room 14.
PANTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st
WANTED — First-class : laundress. 117. Corbett
aye., San Francisco.
WANTED— Experienced shirt or waist opera-
tors. EAGLESON& CO., 535 Market st •
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; steady work
guaranteed. 541 Market st.
FINISHERS on pants and vests; steady work
guaranteed. 541 Market st.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; work guaran-
' teed for one year. 541 Market st.' . ,
DRESSMAKERS; first-class sklrtmaker. M6
' Sutter st ¦ .. r
APPRENTICES to learn ladies' tailoring; paid
while learning. 518 Sutter st.
DRESSMAKERS, improvers wanted. 616
Sutter at ¦
OPERATORS on waiters' coats; steady work;
636 Clay St., room 5, upstairs. . -
NOON .waitress. Call early at 513 Brannan
•» street.
FIRST-CLASS saleslady. Palace Millinery,
1036 Market st > ¦ ¦ ' .
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker on fine cus-
¦ torn vests; wages $10 week. 956 Mission st.
PANTS finishers wanted at 253%. Stevenson St.,
between Third and Fourth.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at. Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
' HELP "WAXTED— MALK. -
AT C. R.' HANSEN & CO.'S..'..104 Geary st.
¦ RAILROAD WORK.
Teamsters Nevada : Free fare
'Laborers .....S. P. Company Work ;$1 75
Drillers .... Chatsworth Park $3 to $2 51
"Teamsters Uklah ..$2
Free fare ; Free fare
Laborers, Bakersfleld, steady work ...$2
. Fare advanced Ship to-day
\ 2 blacksmiths, country, $45 and $55 and Wur.d;
10 milkers, different ranches,' $30 to $40: '&
Swiss milkers, $30: vegetable (rardener, $25;
50 woodchoppers. 4-foot wood, $1 50 a cord..
HOTEL" DEPARTMENT
' Barkeeper, summer resort, $50; chef, sum-
mer resort, $100; attendant's cook, institu-
tion, country. $40; cook, $35; dishwasher, $20,
same country hotel: 10 cooks, city and coun-
try, $40 and $60; broilers 'and fry cooks, $<0
to $60; oysterman, $15; vegetable cook, $35;
6 bellboys, $10 to $15..
Head waiter, restaurant, $50; head waiter,
hotel. $50 .......:...
¦ 4 young men. to work . on- mangier. $25 and
board; machine ironer. country. $40 .......
C. R. HANSEN. & CO. ..104 Geary st.
A— WANTED ...:.. ..-¦. :..
I 6 vineyard and winery hands $C6 and found
¦ 3 farm hands. and teaming.:... ..$26 and found
3 milkers, city and country- -$35 and $30 and bd
..3 orchard hands..'....:... $20 and found
- choreman on ranch......... ".."..... $20 and_board.
ranch teamster ..: '.......:.. $23 and board
butter-maker, small dairy.. $30 and board
meat cook for mine ...$50
baker's helper,' near city $20 and found
dishwasher for camp ......$20 and found
' coopers, slack work.... $25 and found
German attendant for invalid. $35 and- room;
* married farmer., to raise chickens . and vege-
tables: single, hand miner, $2 a day: 2 mlt-
,kers>, fare paid. $30 and 535. W.* D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay at. ,
MAN for 'delicatessen store, $40 and board; 2
-waiters, private family. $35 and $40 and found;
¦cook, country hotel. $40: restaurant cook,. $40;
'waiter and porter, country, $25; night porter,
$25 to $30: 2 boys for housework, $10 and
found; dishwashers and others. • J.--F. CRO-"
'.- SETT. & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
CARRIAGESMITH. $3 to S4 day; wagon-maker,
. $2 50 day; 3 asphaltum roofers, • '-•: to $3 day;
bench hand . and ' wood turner, $3 50 day; cabi-
net-makers, ?2 50 to $3 day; piano-maker. $3
i day: blacksmith, truck work.- $3 .to $3 50 day,
' slack' work cooner, S35 ano found, and others.
>, J. F. CROSETT & CO...62S Sacramento Bt'
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
meets . to-nisht 8:20, 32 O'Farroll. , I. Less, Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers'. International Union—
; Free employment: only -recognized- union. "¦ 115
, Turk: tel. Folsom 1583. I. ' LESS. , Secretary.
WANTED— Three first-class waiters for flrst-
1 class • country hotel. -- Call at Golden West
'.- Kottl . between ' 2 . and - 3 . o'clock.
A— MURRAY & READY Phone Main 5S13
'..Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
WANT. 7 A. M. MONDAY
..........To the Sawmills and Woods .....
10 more laborers to. work in mills, yards and
woods for large lumber company, no experi-
ence required— WE SHIP. TUESDAY J*5
2 machine miners, gold mining- Co $75 & fd
See boss here
..EOR A LAND AND FRUIT COMPANY..
¦ , 10 men to work on ranch and orchard, make
themselves generally useful, no experience re-
quired J2>
5 plow teamsters, same ranch..... '.$30 and fd
Man to tend plow for traction....
5 blacksmiths, ranches and shops
...$2 50. J2 25 day and $40 and found I
2 carriage painters ?<<>
Millwright, sawmill company.. $3 to $3 50 day
Man and wife, rruit ranch *-™
Butter maker and run separator f 3 *
FOR— FULI.r- LISTS— OF— HUNDREDS— OK
POSITIONS— Come down and n»ad our daily
bulletin boards if— YOU— WANT
WORK .". COME'-SEE
. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay at.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.
Head waiter, near city, $40; porter and bus
driver, country. $23: kitchen helper. $25; bell-
boys, SJ5 and $10; pastry cook. $40. ¦
WANTED— Sober, reliable young man. $30
month and found; no experience necessary;
must have $75. Apply restaurant. 496 4th st
W'ANTED-Boy to work In drug store. Apply
Elite Pharmacy, Oak and Cough sts.. at
9 a. m. -,
WANTED— Partner in restaurant as cashier,
$75 per month; small capital required. LUN-
DIN A CO.. 906 Market st. and 9 Ellis st.
TAILORS and coat operators wanted by S. N.
WOOD & CO.; apply at factory. 27 Geary «t.
WAXTEr>-Caahboy at RAPHAEL' 3 (Inc.)
• FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work at home.
ROSENBLUM & ABRAHAM. 1103 Market st
DISHWASHER, 17 Washington at. .
BARBER, first-class man; evenings, Saturday
and Sunday. 511 Castro st
LUNCH waiter wanted at northeast corner of
Beale and Howard sts.
PAINTERS wanted. Southeast cor. of Fourth
and Folsom sts., cigar stand; call early.
BOOTBLACK wanted. Barber shop. 105 San-
some st. - -
YOUNG man In butcher shop and drive wagon.
2SC0 Folsom st.
YOUNG man to solicit for merchant tailor.
Box 27S1. Call office.
BARBER wanted; steady: 13c shop. 504 Bat-
tery St., near Washington.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
pric . 562 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
"WANTED — Sober hotel cook. $30 and found.
60S Sixth st.
WANTED— Good tailors on coats; by the week
or piece. 12S2 Folsom st. -
GOOD dishwasher. 416 Third st
COOK for email restaurant; either a man or
woman. 108 Hayes st
WANTED— Night clerk for city; $20, room and
•board. Address box 2831. Call of flee.
WANTED-First-class blacksmith. F. J. DE-
MARTINI. 537 Green st
WANTED— A boy about 16 to learn tailoring.
956 Mission st
PORTER wanted. 19 Powell nU
LUNCH waitress wanted. People's Restaur-
ant 631 Clay St.
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $75
month year around. 209 Kearny St., room 1.
WANTED— Bedmaker. 930 Howard st; call
after 10 o'clock.
WANTED— Plumber helper or strong boy to
learn trade. Apply 619 Guerrero st.
YOUNG waiter wanted. 369 Hayes st.
WANTED— A press boy. Apply 532 Commer-
cial st, C. Vf. NEVIN.
GOOD-PAYING 2-chair barber shop for sale;
rent $6. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis st
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st. ' \
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade in two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop In connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all majie to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
Beware of any cheap imitations.
A FEW energetic. Intelligent gentlemen to
present an attractive financial proposition:
successful candidates earn from $100 to $300
per month. Address box 2769. Call office.
WANTED— Man to sell oil stock: If you can
do it come and see us: salary and commis-
sion. Columbian Parafflne Oil Co., 613 Emma
Spreckels bldg. -¦.•.;-
WANTED— A man, good carpenter, that will
make wheelbarrows: understand ship carpen-
ter work and machinery. Apply MRS. C.
- HAUSER, King and 2d sts. China Basin.
A MAN of large. Influential acquaintance can
secure good outside 'salaried position with
leading tire and marine insurance office. Box
2754. Call office.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st : 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS all Invited to call and see the latest
I improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back"; It's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. 723 Market st. first floor up.
WANTED— Cash boys over 14 years of age. Ap-
ply at HALE BROS., 979-3S7 Market st, Mon-
day, between S and 11 a. m. .
15c BARBER shop: old stand; running two
chairs; In San Jose; cheap. STULTZ, 123
Market st.
MARKERS and distributers for laundry; wages
$2 SO to $5 per day of ten hours; references
required. Box 2748. Call office. '
MAN of good address for a responsible posi-
tion; must be good talker. Call at 210 Mont-
gomery st, room 15.
WANTED — Two bright, energetic young men,
capable of trimming in gents' furnishing
goods store. Address box 2820, Call office.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A. Howard st;
no barroom chairs used In this college.
BARBERS— Invest In ope of best-paying bar-
ber shops: $2000 required. Box 2770. CalL
WANTED— Janitor. Apply at HALE BROf..
between 8 and 10 a. m.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. 562 Mission st. bet 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG men to go whaling; no experience re-
i quired. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson sts.
WANTED— First-class presser on vests; wagss
no object 956 Mission st. ,.
YOUNG men to go north on a cruise at HER-
MAN'S. "6 Steuart St.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. 24 Sutter St.
MANAGERS everywhere; either sex; $20 week-
ly. N. Y. C. C. 1106 Market st, office 6.
Wanted— 2 lst-class instrument finishers. K*l-
Ier Balance Mfg. Co., Salt Lake City. Utah.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third st.
MAN who understands nursery work ajid Job-
bing gardening. 600 Halght st.
WANTED — Experienced ladles' tailor: perma-
nent; good pay. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading-rooms; free
- 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
mibscripyons has been established at . 1096
Valfripia st.
wmtsfcjs A * p _ > v - % . t; V. w ?r,
FOR sale— A handsome black stallion. 6 years
eld, 17 hands high, weighs 1600 lbs.; is sound
and of good disposition; will be sold reason-
able. Address JOHN SHIELDS. Marshall.
Marln Co. . '
BUSINESS cart for hutcher for delivery; also
business horse, stand without hitching; lady
can^ drive. 1C21 Market st : ¦ ,
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. . Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast, sec. 510 Gold»n Gate ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buegics. carts, harness.
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
FOR sale— Nln*>-nassen.cer waeron. 5 Montgom-
ery, st. or 1349 East Fourteenth st. Oakland.
A — 100 SETS second-hand harness: waKOn*.
carts, buggies, surreys. ' horses. 1143 Folsom.
GOOD business horse3. wagon horses, heavy.
- light fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A'No.l express waVon. single, alpo lisrht
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
¦ . MOUSKS TO ; LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; ?end for clr-
,cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery,
BUSH. 1K0— Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
yard; ?S7 £0; water free. ..«..;
i COTTAGE of 6 rooms and bath. 134 Cedar ave.. '
I off Van Ness, between Geary and Post. !
HOUSES TO LET — FCRjriSHKD.
DESIRABLE srunny corner flat. S room* and
bath; Oakland; $18. Apply at 14 Grant avfc.
room 3.
STEINEB, 220B— Well furnished 7 rooms, bath:
whole or parti references. Call 1 to 4 p. to.
A— 3C-ROOMED furnished house for sale or to
frt: newly furnl.-h*d. 1006 Pine st.
~ ~~ HOlSE'»,\V.\VrED.
FURNISHED cottage wanted by young mar-
ried couple: wculd retain servant: good rare.
STEARNS, room 21. 6th floor. Mills building.
_______^ , oc;>jIJ
LOST— Sunday evening, between Orpheum and
Zlnkand's. lady'a gold watch with" diamond
crown. Finder please return to office of
r.erk»hire Hotel. 711 Jones, and receive lib-
eral reward^ ::.¦--' y
LOST— White and brown spotted spaniel; end
of tall cut off. Return to 849 Geary St. : lib-
eral reward.
LOST— Lady's gold watch and fob engrltved
"Minnie." Return 719 Taylor St.; reward.
LOST— Lemon and white pointer: collar marked
property John B. Coleman. Return 730 Fill-
more st: receive reward.
LOST— Bicycle, Cleveland. No. 2343: reward:
no questions asked. S75 Walswofth ave.. Oak-
land. ~
REWARD of. $230 for the return of. Jewelry
taken from 326 Mason st. Return to 730
Market st; no questions asked.
LOST— Good-looking sorrel horse with black
. mane and tail: foretop cut. 31S7 Mission st.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolta,
jeweler. »8 OTarrell. bet. PoweU and Mason.
UATRIMO51AL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladlM
»nd 10c for Hat. MW8. HERTZ.. 708 Ellis st
MATTRESSES AM> V I'H O T,S T^^-
MATTRKSSES^nd~upnpis7ery : UMTiouthTsiT
to order or renovated, feather and hair
•teamed: «p»rt carpet cleaning: strictly r«-
llabl-. HOPKE BROS.. S13-32O Eleventh rt.
MEDICAL.
DR. AND MRS. DAVIES. 1223 Market, ladles"
specialists: 32 years* practice: all casea treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy: a rellabl*
treatment, superior to any other; positive cur*
Guaranteed at office: patients treated can re-
turn same day: those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Horns
Treatment: harmless: consultation free.
MRS. DR. WTETH, reliable specialist: 25 yrs.'
successful practice: Kuaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment: home before and during
confinement. 342 Post, bet. Hyde and Larkin.
DRS. GOODWIN, 1033 Market— Private hom»
for patients before and during confinement;
well known: Implicit confidence: reliable.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to HIS Market St..
bet. Taylor and Maaog; ladles' specialist.
DR. and MRS. KOHL. 1123 Market St. bet.
Mason and Taylor, reliable ladles' specialists.
ALL cases of female complaints cured with
pllla: price tl. PR. V. POPPER. 323 Kearny.
MIXES A5D MIMIVG.
MINES, patents, oil stocks, real estate bought
and sold; Eastern and foreign capital wanted;
ores. maps, mill tests shown at office, Parrott
bldg., fourth floor, 475 and 476, 10 a. m. to 4
p. m. JOHN TILTON. M. E.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st
BARS, back bare, mlnvrs. showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand:
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything in 24. hours. J.
NOON AN, 1017. 1019. 1C21. 1023 Mission st.
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A — BtM'S. sells or renu gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 21S Spear st.
BUT one of those diamond collar buttons;
price $6 and $9: worth double the money.
UXCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
paid. S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. 8. F.
TYPEWRITERS at ar.y price to close them
out; different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
A— 20-TON Howe wagon scale; compound
beam. Apply at 218 California st.
GA3 engine, dynamo, storage batterlqfl, ete..
cheap. H. S. WHITE. S16 Mission St.
FOR SALE— Cheap, furnltur«, horso and
wagons. Inquire at 2220 Folsom st.
A LOT of government tents; 30 bath tubs;
cheap SoS Mission st.
ENGINES and boilera; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE,«m Beale st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 23-band:
all sizes; guaranteed.- NnWELL, 56 Bluxome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-ha.^d, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 aiontg'y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern groods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and aecov.d hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Bacramento st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tnres. BULLARP & BRECK. 121 Post st.
SAFES — New and second hand: all sizes. THB
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WANTED— Steam jacket kettles, from ten gal-
lons up to 100 gallons; must be In flrst-clasa
order and low price for cash. Address box
2768. Call office.
WANTED— A White sewing machine in good
order, with all the latest Improvements: stats
lowest cash price. Box 2767. Call office.
WANTED— A Savage rifle. Bring lama to 830
Howard st.. Monday, by noon.
TILTON' 9 misfit parlors wants masquerade, la-
dies', gents' clothing. 154. tth: tel. Folsom C22.
MO.MEY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc. ; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lone
their friendship; do business with stranger*
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90S Market st
IF TOUR PROPERTY
'... 13 MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY,
630 Market st. Loan* on estates In probate.
i undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
ga?es. # etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; ( per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. KALLORAN ft OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; lirst. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, r. X.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin- Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; xel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third at. '
K0O.CCO AT 6 per cent In sums to suit In city:
*liO,CCO on large ranches at fair rates: *eeon*
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 413 Pine.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Boom 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
MO6T reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest pries for old gold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable rarty. 1170 Market st. room »S.
MOXEY leaned salariej people without security.
HILL, rm. 41. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
3% en furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtga: city, country. 6*i. undi-
vided lnts. : estates. HARPER. 33? Parrott big.
CASH loaned oa salarie-j; New York plan. THU
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. J23 agnsome st.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorscr. MORRELL. f.09 Examiner building.
TO • salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
« ISICAL 1.\STIII73II23T».
ABSOLUTELY regardless of cost; closing out
our Northwest agencies; following are soma
of the rianos sacrificed:
1 Novella, up ....JCT. I Schiller $25.1
1 Estey $.3 1 Scmmer \m
1 Emerson, up ...tr. l Gabler .'. $135
1 J.os* *r, 1 Waverly $123 *
iJ.'; n f be ;."?1S5 1 Marshall WendeUltt
2btcinways ,.$18o up 1 Fisher, tip «1»
f Mf J*^ V?, 5 » UT> J Mas °n * Hamlin. $»>
S Clnckerins3..$110 uptl Schuir.an. up ....$10»
I S*.l let r> & P avls -*«- 1 Hazelton square. .$St
JBehr Bro3'.»215. $a^i i Miller Ili*
SSchaeffers %ViZ 1 Kelso $13*.
1 7 ew , iiison & Hamlin chapel orsan. orU«-
ral price $43). now ... $in
And ->O others ; rented and rent" allowed Vf
purchased: rents $3 up; we handle all make*;
agents for some of the oldest aitf most f=»-
•? existence; agents wanted.
HEINr. PIANO CO.. 217 Geary »'..
f nts a beautiful" piano. BCOTtI
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St.Enterprise Brewing Company (owner) with
Fred Miller ... (contractor). ' architect .Henry
Geilfuss— All work for\ a one-story frame
structure on N line of v Enterprise street. 101
E of .Folsom. E 30 by N 60: $2319. •
Ellis Lewis (owner) with Petterson & Pers
son (contractors), architect W. O. Banks— All
work except plumbing, drains and gas fitting,
etc for two three-story, attlo and rough
basement frame buildings on NE corner of
Fourteenth and Guerrero streets, E 68:6 by
N 98; $15,467.
Same owner with R. Rice (contractor), ar
chitect same— Plumbing, gas fitting and sew
ering for same on same; $2992 50.
Same owner with E. Davles (contractor),
architect . same— Lathing and plastering for
same on same; $1760. ; • ¦-;¦_•¦
. Richard Tiddy (owner) with Hansbrough &
Robertson (contractors),' architect C. A.
MeussdorfTer— All work except plumbing,
painting electrical work, mantels, gas fix
tures and shades for a two-story and base
ment frame building 'on N line of Grove
street,- 156:3 W - of Lyon, W 23 by . N 137:6,
Helen M* de Domingues. Daniel T. Murphy,
etc el al (owners) with W. L. Holman (con
tractor), architects Wright & Sanders—Alter
ations and additions to elevator system of the
Murphy building, five-story brick, stone and
wood structure on NE corner of Market and
Jones streets ;. $1850. . • . v
Builders' Contracts.
City and County of San- Francisco to C. G.
Hooker, commencing 70 E of Polk street, and
137:6 N of Filbert, W 60, SE 90, N 65; f- — .
Hugh and Theresa Keenan to Charles S.
Wheeler, lot on ¦ N line of Broadway, 124:11
E of Franklin street. E 3O:« by N 137:6; $16,000.
George H. Mendell to Ellen A. Mendell, lot
on.E Mnte of Steiner street, 52:8V4 S of Wash
ington. S 37:6 by E 106:3; gift.
Estate of Emil D. Rosenbaum (by Sarah
Rosenbaum. executrix, and J. B. Lanker
shim. executor, to A. J. Rich, undivided 1-18
of lot on N line of Broadway, 63:8 E of Pierce
street, E 57:5 by N 137:6; $383.
Joseph and Max J. Brandensteln (trustees
estate of Albert S. Rosenbaum), Joseph and
Jane Brandensteln, Samuel M.. Albert M. and
Charles W. Rosenbaum, Virginia, and Julia
Strassburger to same, all same; $6000.
A. J. Rich to James J. McNamara, lot on
N line. of Broadway, 62:6 E of Pierce street,
E 30 by N 137:6; $5000. .
Alfred G. and Rebecca Powell to George D-
Cummings. lot on AV line of Scott street.
77:8H N of Washington. N 25 by W UO; $oo00.
Charles A. Rosa to Emma F. Lint, lot on
S\V corner of Nineteenth and Howard streets,
S 44:11% by W 75:6; $2000. .
Henry J. Mahony to Emily A. Mahony. lot
on N line of Hill street. 220 W of Valencia.
W 30 by N 114, quitclaim deed; gift.
Henry and Anna C Pausroann to Domenlco
and Guiseppe Oneto, lot on N line of Bay
street, 112:6 W of Mason. W^ 25 by N 87:6;
°Anne Hannigan to Louis' Lercari lot on W
line of Mason street, 96:6 S of Chestnut, S
41 by W 103; $4000. . '
George M. Westcott to N. C. Mortensen. lot
on SE lino of Folsom street. 97:6 NE of
Fourth. NE 40, SE 80, SW 20. SE 80, SW 20,
NAV 160; $9000. -- ¦"-".„"_.
Chr. (or Ncls) C. and Karen Mortensen to
George M. Westcott, lot on SE line of Shipley
streetr 502 NE of Fourth, NE 19^:6 by SE -60;
S250O " ' *
Frank Schmitt to Helen Roach (single) lot
on SE line of Clara street. 312:6 NE of Fifth,
NE 37:6 by. SE 75; $1000. -
Esiates Frank and Joseph Schmitt (minors,
by Frank Schmitt. guardian) to same, all in
terest in same: $2153. ••* l_' r: ;'_l
Albert C. Hampton to Alfred P. Hampton,
lot on E line of Thirteenth avenue, 200 N of
California street, N 25 by E W; also lot on
W line of Guerrero street, 90»S of Eighteenth.
S 35 by AV 100; also, lot on W line of Sixth
avenue, 100 S of A street. AV 120 by S 125: $3000.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
CALL CALENDAR,
SAN FRANCISCO, March SI— 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared- with those ¦ of same • date
last • season and rainfall in last : twenty-four
hours: '
Weather Report.
The '" weather is generally 'cloudy ; over the
Pacinc Slope except' in? California, ¦ where fair
weather prevails. 1 Light I rain has fallen ] over
Washington. Oregon, Northern Utah and Ari-
ZC Xh4 pressure lias risen along the immediate
coast and fallen over the Interior. An area
of high pressure 13 central : oft . the Northern
California and Oregon coast and a second area
of high pressure overlies Northern Arizona. '->'>--'.
- The temperature • changes - have been : slight
In . all districts. .' I_;V.. -.V
' ¦ Conditions are ; favorable for fair and some
what warmer weather in , California Monday. .
. Forecast - made- at- San. Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, ; April 1, 1901: - .
Northern California— Fair Monday; fresh
northerly , wind. ."" ~ '- ' ¦ ... -
Southern California — Fair Monday; fresh
westerly wind. ,.^** "' ~-\ ;<..'- - . . "¦':..
"•Nevada-^Partly cloudy, Monday. '•--'.-¦.•','-
'. Utah— ; Cloudy! Monday,* probably with rain or
snow." t A: - '¦• : ~'- :' r: '-'- J" t# ¦"' '¦ ,' ' . ¦*¦
Arizona— Fair 4 In / southwest portion ; cloudy
with rain r or snow ,\'.n i ' northeast portion.- ;¦•¦ ;..-
San Francisco /and -vicinity — Fair Monday;
light-northwest wirfv.— Vt.G. H.,WILLSON,
' # . ¦1-^ggBB" " ' Xiocal Forecast Official.
¦^San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
61; minimum,', 46; .mean, ¦ 54. ¦
WEATHER .'CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
,. FORECAST.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; APRIL 'I, 1901.
'.-
9
April. 1901.
S. M. I T. W.l T. IF. | S.. Moon's Phases.
m 112 3 4 5 1 6 (ZS Full Moon,
— ¦ 1-^— W April 3.
7 8 9 -10 11 12 1 13 1 — —
__ ___ fff Last Quarter,
14 15 16 17 18 19 | 20 ¦& April 11.
28 29 30 • Th First Quarter.
* -9 April iS.'
Last 1 This
24 Hours Season.
Last .
Season,
STATIONS.
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento .:
San Francisco ...'.<
Fresno ; ... — ••• — "
Independence
San: Luis Oblspo.... .
Los Angeles r.
San Diego -. ..••.••••
6.12
41.81 ' 43.52
22.17 19.07
17.18 -15.48
18.84 17.02
' 10.28 7.09
5.80 . 2.81
. 27.62. 14.84
14.11 6.56
• 10.54 . 3.18
April. 1901.
S. M. I T. W.l T. IF. | S.. Moon's Phases.
m 112 3 4 5 1 6 (ZS Full Moon,
— ¦ 1-^— W April 3.
7 8 9 -10 11 12 1 13 1 — —
__ ___ fff Last Quarter,
14 15 16 17 18 19 | 20 ¦& April 11.
28 29 30 • Th First Quarter.
* -9 April iS.'
Last 1 This
24 Hours Season.
Last .
Season,
STATIONS.
Eureka
Red Bluff
Sacramento .:
San Francisco ...'.<
Fresno ; ... — ••• — "
Independence
San: Luis Oblspo.... .
Los Angeles r.
San Diego -. ..••.••••
6.12
41.81 ' 43.52
22.17 19.07
17.18 -15.48
18.84 17.02
' 10.28 7.09
5.80 . 2.81
. 27.62. 14.84
14.11 6.56
• 10.54 . 3.18
$H,000-Thre* elegant flats; rents $1SO; all
rented; % cash; must sell.
$15,000— Sarisome St.; 46-foot front; rents $80.
$16,000— Ellis St., with good Improvements;
lot 52x137 feet; neai 1 Franklir. St.
$18,000— Howard st. ; downtown; fine 4-story
and basement building; rents $125.
JlS,S00-Cheap at $l!,000; 8 modern flats:
rents $170.
128,000— Business property of 4 stores and 8
flats; rents $250. ¦ ' ' '
$30,000— Mission Bt.. north side; 45-foot front;
must sell; east of First st.
»40, 000— Corner; Golden Gate ave.; 137:6xl37.C;
rents $240.
¦ $55.000— Grand corner: 60-foot front; few
blocks from Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net.
$75,000— Grand corner; 60-foot front;! within
block of Tlvoll: old Improvements; rents $400.
$140,000— Mlsslon-st: corner, close to. water
front; fine brick, building;. 1 tenant; rent about
$800; lot 100x129 feet. "
Other bargains.
Apply A. M.. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
REAL ESTATE — COUNTRY — For Sale
$1000— 8- ACRE model poultry «f arm ;-- ad joins
town; nice 5-room. cottage; barn; all rich
\ egetable and grain land ; a snap. . :
$3000— 120-acre model farm; near San Jose;
all under cultivation; grain and fruit; nice
bouse, barn; 100 fruit trees; only Vt cash.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6C7 Market st.
I. HAVE for sale (easy payments) 10 aud 20
acre tracts In one of the finest colony set-
tlements In the State; 20 homes and orchards
in the colony now: an abundance of water for
irrigation; soil Al; fruit, garden and grain;
-climate healthy; send *tamp for catalogue.
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market St.. opposite Mason.
BUY In Napa County; no drouths, no irriga-
tion no failure of crops; write us for free
copy "Napa County Viticulturist." THE- 'V\.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena, Cal.
FOR RENT— About 5 acres land, good barn. 7-
utory house, fnshd or not; also saloon & bar-
ber shop. H. M. Le Baron, Valley Ford, Cal.
BARGAIN— For sale or lease. 4% acres; near
San Mateo; good eoll; "level; improvement:.
Call at 5 p. m. at 207 Church st.
4L GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. by Call building,
sells" hotels, lodging-houses, stores, etc.
Printed liBts of farms and city property.
WRITE J. W. HORN, 81! Main. Petaluma, for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
REAL ESTATE AVAXTEDi' •
w7jJraD^Nice~bulHing lot, $1200 to $im
Box 2724, Call office. ' "
WAVTED- Small home for $3000 or $4000. cash;
owners only. Box 2723, Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKEIiEY REAL ESTATE.
MODERN Queen Ann-* cottage; 6 rooms and
bath; large lot; grand view; part cash or
would trade for rooming-house in city; Rose-
brae. 2315 Spaulding ave., near Bancroft
way, Berkeley, Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$225— LOT in Lorln; 300 feet from station on
Berkeley local, giving a half-hour service to
San Francisco, same time to city as from 7th
and Broadway Oakland; this lot mus>t be
"5 sold. A. J. SNYDER, 467 Ninth st., Oakland.
$«000— A MAGNIFICENT home on Telegraph
ave.: 8 rooms and bath; modern; lot 00x125.
A. J. SNYDER. 467 Ninth st.. Oakland. Cal.
flC.OOO— FINE Investment for the future; busl-
ress block; always rented; stone's throw
from narrow-gauge depot : for pale by the
owner. Box 2212, Call office. . Oakland. 1
ELEGANT corner lot. 135x100; $6500, with im-
provements; modern house; large barn, beau-
tiful flower garden: San Pablo-ave. fears pass
door; cor. 34th st. See owner on' premises.'
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas.-the
furniture dealer. Ilth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave., 102, off Polk— Three nice house-
keeping rooms for rent. ¦ ,
BARTLETT, 3& (Mission warm belt)— bedroom,
kitchen & bath; furn. hkpg. ; email garden.
ELLIS, 114 — Sunny furnished roonis, single or
double; light housekeeping; rent reasonable.
FIFTH, 353 — Two furnished housekeeping, with
store; also one, $7; two single, $5 month.
FILBERT, 1219 — Large sunny back room,
kitchen, laundry; large garden; partly fur-
nished; one-balf block from Hyde-st. cable
cars; $10. ....,_.
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny housekeeping room; stovn,
closet, bath; private; $1 50 week.
FRONT sunny bay-window rooms, complete
for housekeeping. Apply 34 Eleventh st.
FULTON, 671—3 sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; $13. ¦ " T
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622— Sunny bay-window
suite, 3 rooms; gas range; running water.
GROVE. 425%. near Octavia— Nice furnished
front room; sunny; yard; private; $3 50.
GUERREHO, 305— Furnished bedroom and par-
• lor; piano; kitchen; porch; $16; whole. flat, $20.
HOWARD, 513— $8: sunny furnished housekeep-
ing room; also 10c. li-?. 25c rooms.
HOWARD, 917—2 rooms, newly furnished, com-
plete; also larger room. $10;. housekeepingr-
HOWARD, 1703— Nicely furnished bay-window
room with kitchen for housekeeping.
IVY ave.. 217. near Hayes and Franklin — Pleas-
ant ¦ two-window furnished front room; pri-
vate; $4 50. . ._
I TO S elegantly and completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, use of piano; phone;
rarden; nice rurroundings; reasonable. 129
Liberty st.. Guerrero-st. cars. • , • .
MOSS, 36, off Howard, near Seventh— Three
sunny housekeeping rooms. .
OAK,' 123—3 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
JESSIE, 433— Sunny furnished rooms for house-
keeping; also single. ...
McALLISTEB, 412, flat 6— Three sunny unfur-
nished rooms; reasonable. ' —
MINNA. 28 — Sunny furnished • housekeeping
rooms, suitable for family with children; Jl 50
per week. : - ' • •
POLK, 717— Two • or ' three - furnished front
rooms for light housekeeping. *
STOCKTON, 607— Elegantly furnished floor of
4 sunny rooms'; also single rooms.
VAN NESS. ' 402-T-Ent ire upper floor; 3 sunny
furnished rooms; gas stove:, no children.
TEHAMA. 707-yThree connecting furnished
housekeeping: rooms; also* single. N •
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfarn.
ARGYLE. The. McAllister St.. corner Larkln—
Just opened; everything new and modern;
two and four- room suites, with or without
baths; all outside, sunny rooms; Inspection
Is now invited day or evening; references.
: ROOMS TO LET. . .
A— For rooms apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest In city, see ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 22 Kearny tel. 23S4 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms: modern "conveniences;
rooms 50c up: first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
?&e to $1 per night; U 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms: open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished ma., suites, single; also unfurnished.
EDDY. S72— Beautiful suite, $25; others grandly
furnished; rooms must be eeen to be appre-
clated. . ¦ ¦ ' .
ELLIS, 18— Nicely furnished sunny .suites; also
single rooms; by the' day, week or month;
bath and phone. ' ¦•-•_ • ¦
ELLIS. 1014— Newly furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable. ' . '
FIFTH. 107— Pleasant unfurnished rooms to let.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mlselon sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
Elngle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
GROVE, 609^4— Nicely lurnlshed room; - rent
reasonable' ' ' . . ' - .,
MARKET. 1043A (The Robinson)— Furnished
suites or single; reasonable. Tel. Howard 108.
MARKET. 1055. opp. Jones— Furnished sunny
rooms, single or double; . bath. . ¦'
ALL Genuine Bargains in This List. ¦ --.•¦'
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
$1400— A cozy heme; only \i cash.
$1600— Four small flats; all rented for $30;
% cash.
$2350— Two splendid flats; rented $23; near
Sixth. ' .
$2500 — Nice V- room- house; Capp St.; mortgage
$7C00— Leavenworth et.; two modern 7-room
flats; lot 30x127:6 feet: a bargalrCf
$7750 — Splendid investment; near .Van Ness
ave.; rents JS1; all rented.
$12,500 — Leavenworth st.; rents $105; lot 55-
foot front. •'•¦•/
MtTSICAIj IXSTRUSIEXTS Con.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co. s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
r>rrr«d pianos for a new Steinway any Urn*
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash and
?0 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos at J3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearr.y and Sutter sts., San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth Bt.. Oak-
land. .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASEIS, 26.
2? and S3 O'Farrell Ft.; pianos, organs and
ell other musical Instruments cf all grades
e nil prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer. _^_______
each of Baumeister and Smith
® Barnes pianos just put into our ware-
rooms. They are real beauties and worth
looking at. Cash or payments, and very lit-
tle of cither will buy one. MAUVAIS MU-
SIC CO., 7C9 Market Et.
AN extraordinary bargain in a high-grade up-
right piano; used a short time; pood as new;
half price. Room 12. Flood building.
A FEW new pianos for J150; second-
hand from $30. I3HNJ. CURTAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st. Checkering and Vose Agency.
AT WILSON'S Storage, 170C Market St., you
can get storage pianos almost for a song — %%
per month— dirt cheap.
LEAVING city, must sacrifice handsome up-
right piano, used 6 months. ZU Golden Gate.
IJEAUTIFUL new pianos. $153 up; rents and
easy paympnts. KLARE. 2206 Fillmore St.
SPECIAL *ale of pianos this week; Steinway,
Knabo and others. BRUENN. 2C8 Post St.
BIGGEST bargain in Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-ORADE pianos: Bteck. Hardman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, Oext Hibemla Bank.
A XEARLT new grand uprljrht cheap: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNTJXG. 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY, agency Soh-ner & Co., Byron
Mauzy, Gabler and Speilman pianos, SOS Post.
AT KEEFFE'S, 933 Market «t.. 4 elegant up-
right* at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
FTTERTOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Oili. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
T*nit««1 States or Canada one year for SL
OIL. ~~
MONTEREY CO. SNAP— Near San Ardo strike;
100 acres patented land at J35 per acre; worth
J100 iw acre on account of recent strike. Hi
A. MARVIN. 232 Montgomery Bt., S. F.. Cal.
¦ JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine st. /
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence . solicited. . .
WILL. de*-d ohoiee tract as subsidy for boring
well. W. C. HAMILTON, 8 Flocfj bldg.
OIL L.A8TDS FOR S^LE.
TWENTY OR FORTY ACRES
In— —
I* 28 27.
Kern River District.
Oil on all four adjoining- forties. Land In this
fPrtlTi is held at $3000 an acre. A quick cash
buyer can obtain a great bargain by. applying
to J. S. EWEN,
1*3 California St.. room 407.
DOK'T speculate— I have~oll lands In proven
districts for sale or lease at lowest prices;
will incorporate your company and co-operate
with you. Before investing call on or address
MRP. CLARA FOLTZ. attorney-at-law, room
310. ParroU building. San Francisco.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered, {3
s up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth: open evenings.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co., 319 3d St.; teL Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
XI. JEROME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist, 513
Taylor St.. bet. Oeary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PARTNERS WASTED.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The' 'Weekly Call,
1« pages, in wrapper, for mailing. $1 p*r year.
PATE\TS AXD PBXSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
GEO. IX CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
TR. C. C. O'DONNELL — Office' and residence,
1C21»* Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; Bee
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PERSONALS.
A— THE Microbane Medical Co. has removed
its parlors to 411 Geary et., where they give
you free treatment for bald heads, falling
hair and dandruff; Microbane Hair Grower
cures all cases ; we also remove superfluous
hair; call and Bee us. Microbane Medical
Co., 411 Geary et.
Etoddard'e Celebrated Plasters, a positive cure
fcr all ailments of the flesh, nerves or mus-
cles, prepared and sold only by MRS. N.
8TODDARD. main office 1137 Geary st.. nr.
Franklir.; 'phone'East £33. Branch office 1513
Market, opp. Van Ness ave. References — Hor-
sice Platt, attorney; Tom V. Cator. attorney.
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. G. S. MOORE, 4S8 Geary St.. and you
nill not be disappointed; this remedy is posi- 1
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or s^ni for circular.
R09 REWARD offered by the New York Der-
matologists to any o:>e vhose wrinkles or
freckles return after their treatment; trial
treatment free to callers. 105 Ellis St., S. F.
fl WEEKLY — Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. S15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up: ele-
psnt overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market Ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
r.LECTP.IC light in every room— Winchester
HotH 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 B0 per nisht; ?1 SO to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
IANTS. J2; suits. $6 75. ORIGINAL MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery St.
A— J3 B0 DERUT and Fedora hats. $1 76. Popu-
lar Prlre Hatters. 330 Kearny St., rear Pine.
WHITE fnamfi Iron beds. Finjrle. three-quarter
or double. $£ IS. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway.
ECHOOL to learn hairdrcssing, hair work, man-
Icuriup; private lessons or class. MISS A V.
DOYLE, 1701 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
LaCies" & gents' cast-oft clothing bought &
60l<! J. Silverman. 9S4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' cxpt-rience. J. B. RAY, 357 Jessie St.
OLD pold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKKL. 817 Market ft.
GOOD nome open for healthy boy and pirl
babies. MRS. DR. FL'NKE. 1416 Sth. Alameda.
.ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; fl; at all druggists.
••KINGSLAND Art Colors." for leather, wood
end photos, at all first -class art Etore3.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order.
HOniSHIMA & CO.. 248 Ellis; tel. Red 1368.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
••Domestic" office. 3(£1 Market St.. nr. SixtK.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO . 733 Mkt.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 11U Sutter- st.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; Kc; all druggists.
A WEEK'S news lor 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 paeree. !n wrapper, for mailing, Jl per year.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
JlHoo^CHEAPEST home irPthe city ; to effect
quick sale: 4 rooms «Lnd stable; well of water
produces 1000 gallons per day; street acoept-
«-d by city; cement 6idewalk; plank side en-
trance; part cash. Call Immediately on H.
\V. DAVIS. 413 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez.
JSCOO — An elegant two-6tory house of 10 rooms!;
on sunny side of California St., near Bu-
chanan: lot 27:6x132:6; must be sold to close
an estate. Apply R- McCOLOAN, 24 Mont-
gomery St., room 2.
J72D0— THREE modern flats, 6 rooms each; west
side Jones st., north of Filbert: lot 25x100;
rents $65. Apply R. McCOLGAN, 24 Mont-
gomery St.. room 8.
A snap— $3000 will buy lot 123x250 fronting on
8 strerts; one block from powerhouse Box
277C. Call office.
tT7QO— 6- ROOM houses, on easy tenne; up-to-
date in t-'ery particular; Elizabeth, near
Doutrlass. .T. ANDERSON, owner.
A CAUGAIN— S1500; two 6-room houses; strict-
ly UD-to-<3ate; Just completed: eaxy terms.
••Builder." *A Chattanooga St.. near 2l8t.
$4000— A SNAP; modi-rr. - Swiss cottage: 12
rooms; magnificent aiarine view. 47 Mur-
phy building.
FOIi the best located lots in Richmond an! the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn, S30 California.
15ODERN cottages and flats built; reasonable;
plana furnished. GEORGE M. SALSBURY.
builder: office 133! Market et.
FOR sale— Three-roomed house and lot, $300.
725 Utah Bt.. bet- Nineteenth and Twentieth.
jy you have lots to sell north of th« Bark. <
then can on W. 3. GL'.NN, fit) California it. r.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
ROOMS'. TO LET— Fnrn. ana TJnfurm.
MINNA, 1 262. near Fourth— Fcr rent, nice fur-
nished front parlor, also small room, by prl-
. vate family. ¦ ¦. . ¦'¦ '
MINNA. 667, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
wlndow. room, $1 per week; transient. -¦ ~
MOSS, 24%. near Howard— 4 unfurnished rooms;
! good ' yard and water; rent $9. - ' . ..
NEW ARLINGTON. lCla Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 33c a day up.
O'FARnELL, 805— Comfortably furnished room,
suitable for person employed during day.
O'FAKRELL.' 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. wk., mo.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 33c to $1 50; week, 12 to
j $8; month. 18 to $30: elevator on ground floor: j
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSEDALB House, 319-321 Ellis Bt.— Rooms,
night, '25c to $1; week, <1 25 to $4; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St., nr.
I - Market — Furnished or unfurnished. -^V-
STEINER, 1814, between Bush and Sutter—
Large sunny. ;.furnished room' for 1 or 2;
modern ' Improvements; cheap rent. . -
THE BERLIN. 23S Kearny— Elegant "suites;
single rooms; running water; transient.
TWELFTH, 111— Well-furnished and sunny
room in private family; use of bath.
VAN NESS, l 930
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all south rooms; references. , '
WELSH, 6, off Zoe, .bet. Third and Fourth-
4 : sunny . rooms'.. v ¦ ¦ • .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call "branch office. 2200 Flllmorg.
ROOMS AXD BOARD. '
IF you are looking for a. boarding place, and
like French cooking, try 642 Geary st. You
will thoroughly .' enjoy yourself, ' meet gocu
people; and get the best meals In the z\vj
at moderate prices. • Desirable rooms for a
lirmtca number. Come and try a. dinner nl
6 p. m. and you -will go away happy.
AT the old • Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California st.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates. .
HANDSOMELY furnished ,1-ooms; nrst-clafcs
board; use parlor, piano, phone. 850 Van Ness.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
YOUNG man with moral habits desires ix>ard
~ and lodging with a French speaking family.
R. GREENBAUM, 830 Kearny st. - . ¦ ,¦ . *
SPECIAL NOTICES.
PILES— PETER FREILING'B rile salveTiTper
box; warranted to cure all cases of bleeding,
itching, external, internal or protruding
J piles without • fall, no matter of how long
standing. 1628 Devlsadero St.. near Sutter.-
MATERNITY HOSPITAU 997 Market St.— La-
diee during confinement w. 10 days' care, $20.
BAD tenants eje.ctedfor $4; collections made;
city or country.' PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19: tel. 5580.-. .
CHOICE rubber lands in Mexico. ( For desorip-
tlon. price and terms address box 2S03, Call.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented; exchanged, I re-
paired; open even. ; phone- Black 1124,205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired: needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
SHOW CARDS AND POSTERS.
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DESJ-
MONP. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folsom 1569.
storage: and warehouses.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts.: tel. Main 5713.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.-
PACIFIC Storage and . Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.: phone Jackson 231.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion Bt.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS. ¦
SUMMER RESORTS.
LARKSPUR, Cal. — Camping grounds and
board furnished to gentlemen with refer-
ences; five minutes from station and ten
from salt water bathing. Address P. O. box
1 54. -Larkspur, Cal.
LARKSPUR. Cal.— Wanted to furnish board
and lodging to a few nice people with ref-
erences; accommodations first-class. Ad-
: dress P.' O. box" 54. Larkspur, Cal. . j ¦¦'¦T-:. i
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES; ; ;
GREAT^AROAiijrsTN^YpliwKTTE^S-^^
sell Letter machines for less . money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange., 536 California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice^ — The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend, . No. 28, ¦ of seventy-
flve cents (75c) per share on the Issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payabfe at the office of the . company, 430
California St., San Francisco, on April 10,
1901. Transfer books close April 3, 1901, at
noon. A. A. , SPARKS, Secretary.
PROPOSALS. ' . '_ ';V
ADVERTISEMENT— Of flee of the~Chief En^
gineer. Division of the Philippines, Manila,
P. I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I.', will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock 1 a.
m. . August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap, 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in ' breakwaters, about 5,000,-
000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile ' bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging In mud, sand
and shells to a depth of thirty feet. Dredged
material to be used for reclaiming land.
Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold.
One contract will be made for the whole
work. Contractor's bond will be 10 per cent
of the amount bid. ' The right is reserved to
reject any or all bids. For speclflcktions and
blank forms apply to this office, Bureau ot
Insular Affairs. Washington, D. C. ; United
States Engineer Offices at New York, Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE,
: Captain, Engineers. - .
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau
of Supplies and Accounts, Navy : Depart-
ment, Washington, D. C, until 12 o'clock
noon, April 16, 1901, and publicly opened lmi
mediately thereafter, ¦ to furnish at the NavjJ
Yard, Mare - Island, Cal., a quantity .• of
brushes, sheet steel, rivet steel, beeswax,
iron pipe and fittings, lumber, chain, grind-
stones, muslin buffs, carborundum wheels,
sewer' pipe and fittings, closets, machine
tools and motors. Blank proposals will be
furnished upon application to the Bureau
or to the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco,
Cal. A. S. KENNY, Paymaster General U.
S. N. . / 3-16-01.
PROPOSALS for repairs, painting, etc., at the
United States Sub-Treasury, San Francisco,
Cal.— Office of the Superintendent of Repairs,
1044 Mission St., San Francisco, Cal.; March
28, 1901.— Sealed proposals will be received at
this office until 2 o'clock p. m. on the 11th
day of April, 1901, and then opened," for re-
pairs, painting, etc.. at the above named
building,. Copies of the specifications may be
had at this office. . Superintendent of Repairs.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and • death notices sent by
mail will pot be insertea. They must be handed
in at' either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence .of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
BALDWIN— In Oakland, March 26. 1901, to the
wife of George W. Baldwin, a son.
McNULTY— la Ocean View, March 26, 1901, to
the wife of Harry McNulty. a son. - • .
MARRIED. •'. • ;\-"
DUPER— MORTON— In this city. March 30,
19r.l. by the Rev. Dr. John A. Wilson, Peter
Edward. Duper of San Francisco and Fannie
Viola Morton of Stony Point. Sonoma County.
. . . DIED.
Brown, Lewis Mahoney, Mary A.
Callaghan, Jane Madden, John • "
Cole, Ijeander G. McElroy, Josephine T.
Cur-ran,' Mabel .- McMahan, Lucy L. 1
Ekman, Mrs. M. -N. r ' Poxleltner, Margaret
Fraser, Jean I.'- ;' • Prindle, Harrison. -.
Garsey, Mrs;' M. A. Rolando, John
Griffiths, Amanda Stock, William J.
Hall. Isaac K. Smith, Albert
I Jacobson,^ Charles - Schirck," Alice ¦>
;jf Kelly. Matthew B. ! • Shaw, Lizzie N. ,'-< '='
Lewis, George D. Trombly, Lula
BROWN— In this city, March. 31. 1901. Lewis
Brown, 'beloved' father of Mrs. B. Sheideman,
I Mrs. Phil Lixipitt. Ralph and Abe Brown and
Mrs. Godfrey Fisher. • ¦
E7"Notice of funeral hereafter. '•
CALLAGHAN— In this city, March" 30, 1901,
Jane, widow of D. Callaghan, dearly beloved
sister of Cornelius Daly, and loving aunt of
Mary, ' Thomas and John Daly, Mrs. P. F.
Mihan and . Mrs. T. P.- Minnehan, = a native'
of Castletown Roche. County Cork. > Ireland,
aged 82. years. (Watsonville, Cal., ' papers
please copy.) : : ~ ¦
CyThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 7:80 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 10 Vicksburg. Street, near: Twenty-*
second, between Church, and. Sanchez, . thence
to St. James Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will : be * celebrated for the I repose
, of . her soul, commencing at . 8 o'clock.* . In-
terment at Watsonville, via 9:10 o'clock train
»; from Twenty-fifth and Valencia street*. ¦
COLE— In , Oakland, .March 30, 1901, i Leander
: : G. Cole, -brother of -Daniel- T. Cole, j coiner ,
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Monday), at "9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Henry J. Gallagher Company. 20 Fifth
street, thence to St. Ann's Church, Colma.
San Mateo Co'unty, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. '.
SHAW— In Oakland, March 31, 1901. Lizzie
Nash Shaw, aged 47 years and 8 months.
ETThe funeral . services 'will be held to-
' morrow (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of John Gilcrest. 74S ' Oakland avenue,
Oakland. Interment private.
STOCK— In this city, March 31, 1901, William
J., beloved son of Ernest C. and Margaret
Stock, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
¦ years. - .,','¦ . , .-
SMITH— In this city, March 31. 1901, Albert,
-dearly beloved son of Louis A. and Julia
Smith, brother of Raymond. Lloyd and Julia
Smith, and grandson of Mrs. Mary Locker
and John and the late Julia Geherty, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 9 years 7 months
and. 29 days.
ICf Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited' to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his parents*
residence, 3C03 Mission street, thence to St.
Paul's Church, - where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for. the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. " ' '•-¦ • - ¦
TROMBLY— In this city, March 29, 1901, Lula
Trombly, a native of New York, aged 30
years 8 months and 18 days. * ¦ ¦ ¦
EJTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral thlB day
(Monday); at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 5540 Mission street ¦ (Six-mile House).
Interment Holy Cross " Cemetery. I
SCHIRCK— In this' city, March 29. 1901, Alice,
¦ beloved wife : of John Schirck. a native of
County Tyrone, Ireland, "aged 40 years . Late
¦ of Baden. San Mateo County.
(E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 62!) Jessie street, between Seventh and
Eighth, thenee to. St. • Boniface's Church,
Golden Gate avenue and Jones street, where
a solemn requiem high ,mass will.be cele-
brated for the -repose of>her soul, commenc-
ing, at 9 o'clock. - Interment private, ' '.Holy
¦ Cross Cemetery.
PRINDLE— In 'this city, March 31, 1901, Har-
- rlson Prindle, a native of Vermont, . in | his
b2d;year. (Los Angeles papers : please copy.)
ROLANDO— In this city, March 30, 1901, John,
dearly, beloved husband of Mrs. Mary Ro-
lando, 'and father of Attllio. Katie and AI-
bina Rolando, a native of Italy, aged 65
yeau" and 6 months.
{C?"The funeral will take, place to-morrow
, (Tuesday), at -1 o'clock, -from the residence
of her parents. 83 Converse street, between
Eighth and "Ninth, f off ' Bryant. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.. • . . ¦
POXLEITNER— In this city, March 30, 1901,
at her late residence, 629 Jessie street, Mar-
garet dearly beloved wife of John Poxleit-
ner, adopted 7 mother of Lulu Hecker Pox-
leltner, and sister of Jacob Pfeffer of San
Joee, a native of Eywillen, Canton Drullngen,
Alsace, aged 70 years 11 months and 27 days.
'(St. Louis, "Mo., " papers please copy.)
- [C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral " to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock sharp, from the par-
lors of McAvoy. & Co., . 1239 Market street,
between Elchth and Ninth, thence to I St
Francis Church, where a : solemn , requiem
mass will.be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy .Cross - Cemetery.
McMAHAN— In this city, ¦ March 31, 1901, Lucy
Lillian, dearly"/ beloved daughter of . Thomas
I». and Ada (J. ' E. * McMahan, and beloved
sister • of Flora McMahan. a native of San
Francisco, aged 11 months and 17 days.
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.
McELROY— In this city. March 30. 1901,
Josephine T.,. beloved wife of James McElroy.
and mother of Edward Duprey, a native of
. Dublin, Ireland, aged 52 years 8 months and
IS days. ' ¦ •¦: . . ' : . - /,-'
CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thra day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
her parents. Fourteenth avenue and J street.
Sunset district, f Interment. Holy Cross Ceme-
¦ tery. >' . /'' ~ • -
MADDEN— In this city, March 31, 190L at his
•late residence, 73G Treat avenue,' John, be-
loved husband of Catherine Madden, beloved
father • of Thomas AV. and John J. Madden
and Mrs. A. Knight and Mrs. E. L.- Wright,
and grandfather of Henry Thomas, a native
of England, aged 70 years 2 months and 6
days.' - - ¦ • ..^-'. .
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 20 Federal street, between First
Second. Bryant and Brannan. Inter-
ment Holy • Cross Cemetery.
MAHONEY— In this city, March 30, 1901, Mary
Agnes, beloved daughter of William J. and
Annie Mahoney, and sister of Gladys Ma-
honey, a. native of San Francisco, aged 1
year 3 months and 18 days.. . , - -;
(ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
. (Tuesday), at 2 'o'clock, from the parlors or
McAvcy ¦ & Co.. • 1229 Market ¦ street, between
" Eighth and Ninth. Interment F Holy Cress
Cemetery. ¦ , '
EKMAN— In Oakland. March 31, 1901. at Davis
¦ street and 'Bray avenue, Mrs. Mary Nancy
•Ekman. a native of California, aged 30 years.
FR A.SER— In this city, March . 31. 190V Jean
Isabella, daughter of Margaret A. and the
late James C. . Fraser. and niece of P. B.
Fraser of Stockton and J. C. Owens of this
city, a native of- New Tork. (Stockton, Cal.,
and Orange, N. J., papers please copy.)
0"Notice of funeral hereafter.
GARSEY— In -Walnut Creek. Mrs. M. A. Gar-
sey, beloved mother of Fred H. Garsey and
Mrs. James McKay, and sister of. Mrs. H.
"VV. , Stokes, a. native 1 of Ireland, aited E6
years. ., , - .. .¦
GRIFFITHS— In this city, Amanda, daughter
of. the late James and Elizabeth Grllflths,
and sister of Nathaniel, and the late James
. , Griffiths, a native of San Francisco,- aged 37
years and 1 month. . -
HALL— In Oakland, March j 31. 1901. at 6113
Broadway, Isaac K., husband of LydlaE.
Half, and father of Norman W. Hall. Mrs.
Sarnuel Robins, Mrs. Addle Morse of Massa-
chusetts and Mrs. Verressa Bristol of New
York. . a native of New Hampshire, ased . 68
years 10 months and 1 day. A member of
Joe Hooker Post, G. A. R., of.Alameda, and
Enterprise Lodge. I..O. O. F.
JACOItSON— In this city. March 31, 1901,
Charles, beloved husband of Clara Jacobaon,
a . native of Germany, ased 36 years 11
¦ months and 3 days.
KELLY— In Hanford, March 2S, 1901, Matthew
D. Kelly, a member of the Bricklayers' As-
sociation of San Francisco, and Eureka No.
4, San Francisco Volunteer Fire Depart-
ment, a native of Ireland, aged 72 years.
(ETFriends and acauaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy .& Co.. 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery. ' . • '
LEWIS— In this city, March 30,' 1901, George
D., dearly beloved son of Mathlas J. and
Sarah A. Lewis, and brother of Henry J.,
Maggie I., .William M. and the late John W.
Lewis, a native of San Francisco, a<red 2
years 2 months and 18 days.
CURRAN— In this cit'y, March 31. 1901, Mabel,
'¦ beloved daughter of Frank and Annie Cur-.
' ran, a native of San Francisco, aged 17 years
and 3 months.' . ' '
United States Mint, a native of Vermont,
aged TO • years ; 11 months , and 7 days. -
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited . to . attend the ¦ funeral services
this day (Monday),; at 2 o'clock, at his late
residence. .1545 Webster . street. Oakland... In-
(Successor to Flannag-an & Gallagher.)
' - DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20. Fifth Rt.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80. -_/
HENRY J. GALLAGHERCO.
Eugene McGinn.; ! . McGINN.BROS.
Funeral Directors "and Embalmers.
. : 31 EDDY STREJ. ?.
Telephone South 252. ' San Francisco.
v ' No Connection With Any Other House.'
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
- -' Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Daily. Daily. Daily.
'Lv.- San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a J1.-45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ....-....:
". Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a ........
'• Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalla .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
. " Tulare... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:03 a ........
¦ "' Bksneld. . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ....
•"Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a 5
, " Chicago..... 2:15 p »:0O p -
- a for morning, p for afternoon.
--9:C0 a. m. train is the California Limited.
•Carry ing. Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of, local'
first- class passengers. No second class
tickets -are honored on this train. . Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
. - 4 :20 p. m. is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily. ¦
¦ - S:00 p. it. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace -and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car, also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
eponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.'
• 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local,' stopping,
at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
. Of flees— 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
. r . Via Sausaiito. Ferry.
September 30, - 1300.' .*
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
— 'WEEK - DATS— «:55, »9:15. 11:00 a.' m.. «1:45,
3:15, 4:00, 5:15. *6:15, 6:40 p. m. - ¦
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m. - .
SUNDAYS— •8:00, «10:00, *ll:30 a. m.. ' n:15»
3:15, •¦4:45.: 6:80, 9:00 p. m. •. : :
Trains marked (•) run to • San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FliANCISCO.
f WEEK - DAYS— 5:20. *t:ZO. 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
•12:30. 1:45, *3:30. 4:30. 5:20 p.' m.
EXTRA TRIPS on- Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. m.
' - SUNDAYS-6:20, *SM. »10;00, *11:43 a. m.,
*l:40, *2:15. . 4:45. *6:20 p.m.
i Trains marked : (*) ¦ start from San Quentln. -.
FROM MIIJ> VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
¦ WEEK DAYS— 5:4», 8:45. 7:55, 9:30 a. m.,
13:35, 2:10, 3:30, 4:54,' 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
-. SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 -a. m., 12:05, '2:15. »:30.
5:00, .6:45 -p. m ' " ', ,"
e-- -'-. '¦-..:.- THROUGH TRAINS. ' -
*6:55\a. m..week days— Ca^adero and way
stations. ;"..•*.; '''-.¦-¦"¦;'' -,,'
1:45 -i p. m. Saturdays — Tomales "and . way
stations. ."-:..-- .,-•« ; •¦-¦:¦¦''/- J'.; -. .
- 8 a.m. Sundays — Toraales ; - and I way sta-
tions. ' : _¦-. ' - . '- .: - . -. ¦ —
McAVOY &. CO..
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMER3,
J2» Market St.. between Sth and 9th.
Telephone South . 247.
prmnnnnj trs irirs o a o s a 1 a'tfinnrjnn
o- . • ©
/ o
Hike the I
I WHIRLWIND \
o .0
o - «>
0 You go on the •
° CALIFORNIA L I
1 LIMITED ;
3 but you ride gently t
° as the breeze %
> San Francisco »
I to Chicago o
I in 75 hours %
»• on the . j
ISANTA^FE j
a Leaves San Francisco ©
t at 9.OO a. m. dally. S
o o
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains !«»*• nml nre <<n* to nrrlv* m
*4\ M14.XCINCO.
I \l (Main Line. Foot ot Market Stnal)
leave — From Makch 31, 1301. — abmti
7:30a EenicU, Sulauu, Elmira. VacatiUe,
' Ramsey and Sacramento. .; 7i33p
1:30a Darts, Woodland, Knlghti Laading.
MaryiTiUa. Orotllla. 7i3.?p
?i3«a Atlantic Kzpresa — Ogden tod Kui 12i23r
S:«i» a Martinez. Sau Uainou. Vallejo. Napa,
Callstof* ami Ban U Ron* 5s25p
8:00a Livermora, Stockton, Hioford, Tin-
, Ha, rorteniUe 4>23*
S:OUa Jillrs, Lathrop, Merced. Fresno, Bi- <
ktrsfl-M 4>S3r
8:3Wa Shasta Express— Dafto, Williams (for - . , —
Bartlett Spring*). WlUowt, Bed
Bluff, Portland:. 7i83*
• i3«a S»i Juso. l.iterraore, Htoekton.
lone. Saeranisutu. Plaeerville.
Mnr»«m«. Cliico. Kml ItlmT 4>S3r
MsSOa Oakda>, Chinese, Sonora, Carters... 4:23p
U-.oo* HaynarUs. NUca and Way Stations. 1 1:33a
W:0« a Los Angeles Express — Martine*.
Tracy. Latlirop. .Stockton. Merced
Viesuo aud Loa Angeles .......... 7i53*
Bi:ioa V«u.-Jn. Martiuez »ml Way Stations Si3Sr
10:00a TIih Overland Limited— Ogden, Den-
rer, Oiuaha. Chicago 6i.13r
fl:OOr Sacntmriit-.il Kit e» Steamers |SiO«U
3>30r Hayward*. NUes ami Way Button*. 7:53p
S:3»r Fort Costa. Martintx Byron, Stock-
ton. Lodl 1O33a
iiOOr Ilsnicia. Winters. ttacrawento.
Woodland. KniiihU lauding.
MiirynfiMe. Onuillo IO:35t
4:00 r Martinet, Han lUmon, Vallejo.
Napa. (-'alUtoKK. Hitnta Koea (1U1
IiOOf Nlles, UTermoxe. Stockton. Loili.
I Moiced, Frasao ?rZ3r>
4>3Or Baywuds. NUer, Man.l.me.LlTfrmora f % *:.'>a4
5:OOp The Owl Limited-Tracy, Stockton,
Kresao, iUkerattelil, rtaugu* (or
Bants Barbara, Los Ancelea ...... * S-1*
•t«X»p Ttaywarda. Nilea and b»« Jose ?i»»»
)«iO«r Vailed II«»3a.
«tOi>r Oriental Mail— Oexlen, Clieyenne.
Omaha, CMcig'i 13:tlr
8:00p Oriental Mall— Ogdea, Sen* er, - —
Omalis. ChioaRO. 4:SA«
7i«K> r <)t«g<iii aud UatUornia Kxprmia, M*o- •
rin.iBiit... Marjsdlle, llr.l.llng.
I'oi tlantt. Puget Moimd and Kasi *t-1S*
SiOSrSan F'blo, Putt Costa, Mutlaez
ami Way 8UUous IIiMa
t»:O»p ValUjo ." TrilAf
COAST LINE (Harrow «l»««e).
: -' . ( Foot of Market Street.) ' ¦
Hiiik KeTrark.t'eiiteMllle.iSaii.loie, Fulton.
Boulder Crcek.Hauta Cruz and Waf
" Stations •»«•»
fSilSr Nenark, Conler»iile. San .lose. New
Almacies, Fulton, llontder Creek,
Santa Cruz and l'riuclpal Way '¦
Statkwia flOj^lT*
¦lil.lt Newark. Han Jom. Ix)s Gates S<»»*
n9:SOp Hunters' Kxearaion, San Jose and
War Stations t?t**P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SI K ranOlSCO— r««t «f Market Slmt (Sii? 8)—
t7:lS 9:00 11:00*. M. 1:03 > 3:03 S:lSr.w.
rrwaOtlUID— rul*.'B»t<t*«J.— t6:0O ta:0O t3:0S
19:00*. M. 13:03 2:03 1:03 r.M.
«. COAST LINE (Uroail (iange).
*¦» (Third "and Towuseiitl Ste.) .__^
t«>l«A Ocean View, 8011th Han Francisco.. f*>>*r..
7:«Oa «»ii JoBeand Way SUtiulM Ii:ii»t
/7:«i»A New Atinaiiwu / 3:30f
8:00a Coast Line Limited, San Jos«, Ollror.
SaUnas.- Vauo Kobles. San Lois
Obispo, Lompoc Santa, Barbara.
LoaAngsIes I«t43r
BiSOa Han Jnse. Tres l'lnoa. HanU Ctta,
Paclfie Urnte and Principal inter-
mediate SUtlmia ; 7.3O*
I ttSOA Sau .lose aud Way Stations SiStt*
IS: I5p 3a. Mateo. Redwoott. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Han Jose.
Tres Finos. .Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and l'acilie Grove tl0i43a
fSiSap San Jose and Way Stations C:»»a .
f4:l»p San Jose aud Principal Way .Station* »: I5t*
(Ti:13p8uiiS9t IJmlted— El Paso, New Ox-
leans acd East « IOsISa
(SiOOpSar* Jos?, Los Gates and Principal
Way Station*, fBiOSt
5s3«p Sau Jose ami Principal Way Stations »»»•>» '
«i:i«p Sau Jose and Way Stations t&<***
7:8Op Kew Orleans Express, Ban Jose,
S inti Barbara. Los Angeles, D- nv
ing. £1 Paso. Kew Orle tn* and East 7»«O a
7iOOp Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific Grore. J^f
Lompoo...'. 7>S*>r
all:4ap3an Jose and Way Stations l»«*f
A for Morning. 1" for A f tenioon.
t Sunday exeepted. t Sunday only.
g Wednesdays. / Tuesdays and Fridays.
c Snndtys. - a Hatiirdaj' only.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry, Foot of Market St .
San Francisco 10 Htm Raiaei.
TIBURON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.: 12:35, J:30.
6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p. m. ''¦!
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6;2tt p. m.
San tiaiaol to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— «:10, 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45.
3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
6:05, 6:25 p. m. - '¦"¦'¦
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
game ' schedule aa above. ' ¦ '¦
. Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. INov. 7, 1900-1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. ! daya. | Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:2a am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:23 p«
~ - ' • ' Fulton.
7-30 am "Windsor, 10:25 aai
Healdsburg, : • .
Lytton, ,
*•>.'-¦ i - Geyservtlle,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:3a pm 6:23 pm
7:30 ami I ; Hopland I j
I 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 ym] 6:22 pm
7-30 am i '¦ 10:25 am
8:00 am GuernevlUe. 7:35 pm ¦• *
8:30 pm 6j22_pra
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 tin
if- • -. • ¦ ' and *
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen . Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:23 pm
7-30 ami 8-00 ami 110:40 am|10:25 am.
3J30 pm| 5:00 pm| SebaatopoL | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark W«t
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan;.
SDrines. Highland Springs. ¦ Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
SDrings- at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
SDrings, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs! Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley.
jS"n Day' £ Riverside. Llerley's. Bucknell's.
Sanhedrln rielghts.-HullvIlle. Git's Hot Springs.
Mendocino City. Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal,
Willetta. Laytonville. Cummlngs, Bell's Sprlnjm,
Harris, Olsens, Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. <^fcVM ' . • "
• On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
ins - - . R. X. RYAN.
H. C. WHITrNO, • Gen. Pass. Agt.
Genenl Manager.
MOUNT T^MALPAIS RAILWAY
Via SausaBto Ferry— Foot of Market 5t.
l», sin m«-i. . : t '-'y'- ¦ *«.»»¦• rsian.
Sltlltl— •'• -^^ »ATalH- i *£$»•
4:0Op. m.) Stay over nigh tat the iatikj (10:35 a.m.
8,-OOa.m.I . I 1:00 p.m.
aS&S: — -8UNDAT9__. >%£*
1:13P.M.) : I 5:55 p.m.
Fare. San Franosco to Summit and Rrtnrn. $1.40.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., A Sausaiito Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABTTr, ST. Established
In 1954 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Loxt Manhood. Debility or
dtsewrweftrtngnn body and mind and
Skin Diseases. Toe Doctor cures:w lira
others fail. Try him. Cbarsjps low.
t.'nrrwgruaranlfTtl. CHllorwrit*
l>r. J. F. a I BEOX , &iait Francisco, Cal. _
NUMBERS
BENEFICENCIAPUBLICA
City of Mexico. March 128, 1901.
No. Prize. No. " Prize. [No. Prize.
68 20 155 100 395 .100
4SS... 40 522......... 20 537.' ".. 40
.708 : 20 716... 40 719.. 500
769. 100 S30 20 921 20
974.. 20 1234:.- 100 1248... 20
1S81. ....... ,20 138ff 40 1548... 40
U56 20 15S0........ ;20 1677."......'.' 20
1723 :. 20 1753... 40 17S8 200
1S79. ..'..... .100 1949 20 2010 200
• 2C24.. ...-...-. 40 2183: ...20 2244 -40
2291 40 2734 40 2S61. 20
2919 40 2944 40 3052 20
3144........ 20 3368...;.... 20 3458 20
3467 20 3496 200 3595. 20
3615 100 3681 20 3777 40
3790 20 3S21 100 3914........ -20
3S18 20 39S9 20 4051........ 40
4164 20 4312.. '20 4525 100
.4621 40 4676........ 20 4677........ 40
52U7*..:.-.... 20 5357 200 5359 100
6396.. ...:.. .20 5428........ 20 544S 100
5575 20 5580 100 5705........ 100
'6711....*.... 20 5787........ 100 5S59.. 100
5S78 20 6046... 40 60S3.. ...... 20
6187 40 6278 20 6342 40
6469 20 6517........ 40 6592 20000
6692 • -20 CS73.... 20 6941 20
6962: 40 6363:... 20 6969... 40
7023 20 7187......... 2C73S9.. ...... 40
7S62........ 20 7588 ...'20 7650........ 20
7870........ 40 8113 20 8267. 40
S52S 200 8571........ 20 8768...' ¦ 20
9050 ....' 20 9082.. 20 926ifc -20
9448 1000 9537 40 9552.'. .100
-9647 20 9657........ 20 9699........ 20
9718 40 9724 2C 9873........ 40
100S8.. ...... 40 10332........ 40 104©)... ¦ 20
10498 20 10505........ .20 10624 20
10671 40 10818 20 10951.. 20
10J71 20 10972 20 11194 40
11468 '... 20 11516 - 20 11532 ..-40
11M5 ".. 50011592.. 2011593: 100.
11697.. .2011704.. 20 11711. ....... 20
11720 40 11814 20 119C7. 20
11636.:..' 2011957 20 11979.... :...60CO0
12001 20 12020... 40 12056... 20
12311 20 12556........ 2« 12577. 20
12?S5 -40 12731........' 40 12749. 20
US42.. ...... .20 129G9 100 13042........ 20
13101...;.... 20 13195........' 200 13245 100
13390 20 13450 20 13535.... 20
1J697.. ...... 20 13847........ 40 13S60 -40
KS68 100 138S0.. 20 14188........ 20
14216 20 14456........ 4014577........ 20
14641 ..-40 14888 .. 20 14974........ 20
15235........ '20 15268 20 15271: 20
15272 40 15413 20 15755.. 20
15787 20 15796 ' 20 Io907 20
1E919 4015989 2016040 40
lf,06S.. 2016183........ 40 1G2S3. — ... 20
16468........ 20 16558 20 16559. 20
16771 20 16773 40 16833 •••.£}
l(r&37...j 20 16877 100 17064.. .' 20
17132.::!..:: 2017299. 401732s jo
17430 1C0 17585 2017590 100
17671........ 40 17918." 100 18053........ 40
lf.0«3 40 18249 ' 20 18352........ 20
1S368 40 18386.:.. 20 18526 40
1S810. 40 1S836.. ...... 4018929.. 20
19154.. 20 19291........ 20 19296 , 40
19365.. 20 19398 40 19457 20
19477........ .2019568 20 19590 . _40
19594 40 19601.... 40 19612 500
19737 1000 19790 20 _ / -;
'20265 20 20284 200 20296. .'. 40
20505 20 20522 100 20721.. .20
20818 50020841 40 20955........ 20
21220 20 21351....:.;. 20 21411 200
21499 40 21770 20 21777 20
21909 200 21983 20 22079 20
22097 100 22237.. 100 22263 .... 40%
22295: 20 22316 40 22402........ 20
22551.......; 20 22572 100 22577..;.'.... 100
22874......:. 200 22706.. 20 22790.. ...... 20
22806.. 20 22819 20 22928 1000
22970 '40 23058........ 20 23242........ 40
23289 :. 40 23459 20 23652 20
23707 20 23783......... 40 23808....".... 20
23831........ 4023876 .\ 200 23971........ 20
24197.....;.. 20 24359........ 20 24400 : 20
24422 :.. '20 24554. 40 24606 43
24845 .... 40 25443 .... 40 25520 100
"25646 40 26060 20 26160 20
26201.: 40 26262........ 40 26332 100
26420 20 26428........ 40 26518 20
26930 20 26961 40 27000^/.. .-... 40
27087 20 27135 20 27197 20
27467.. 20 27505 40 27631 20
27676........ 20 27703 40 27712 20
27802 .'2027837 20 27985... 100
2S0O4 •... 40 28007........ 20 28058........ 20,
28116 .... 20 28301 .100 28392 40
28485.. 20 28716 40 28778 ....100
28807 40 2S83S. ..:..». 10028993.; 200
29058.. ...... 100 29076 29 29084 ;. 20
29209........ 20 29413........ 40 29710 40
29791........ -' -40 29817........ 20 29831......*..- 20
29852........ 100 29934 ' 20 29995 20
30014 " 40 30034 40 30149 20
30205........ 40 30347 2030390.... 40
30420 40 30439 ."... 40 30685 100n
31045......;. .40 31303........ 40 31322 200
31350 40 31345 40 31458.; 40
31480 20 31646 500 31676 20
31807 20 31874..*......' 20 31950..; • 40
31965 100 32044........ 20 32076..;..:.. 20
32094 20 32132........ 40 32296........ 20
32394.:...:.. 100 32439:.. 20 32508 40
S2515.. ....... 20 32520 ,40 32524....:...-. 40
32606 40 32747 20 32754 ....20
32763 .'. 20 33011 .... 40 33069 ...."45
33138.:...... 200 33143......... •' 20 33156. . /..... V)
332S9 40 33358........ 20 33414....:... 100
33436 40 33638 .4033746... 40
33974 "4033999.... 40 34007 :.' 20
34050........ 20 34093 ,100 34359 20.
34387.. 20 34460 20 34526 \-2tT
34705.......; 40 34756 40 34787........ 40
34809 10034843 200 34947 40
35218........" 500 35303 40 35416........ 40
35509 40 35882........ 20 35919 40
35976 20 35998 20 36012 20
36029........ .40 36217........ 20 36340 20
36431 20 36456........ 20 36701 200
36907.. 40 36925 20 36986 20
37201 20 37232.. 20 37250 ,20
37461.....'... 40 37649 20 37657 40
"37704. ..;.... 2037722 2037943 29
37951........ 20 37990 40 38093........ 20
S8140 -2038352 38496 40
88599 40 38646 100 38657 20
38747 .;¦¦'" 20 38760.; ' 20 39040 ...100
39190.. 200 39196 ..,10039307 40
39523 .-. 20 39570.. 100 39877 20
39943.. 20 39966 40 40032... -20
40359 100 40424 40 40504... 200
40510 :. 20 40633 100 40701. 40
40845........ 2040860 100 41051 100
'41186........ 20 41187 20 41239........ 100
41268........ 40 41282.f. 20 41347 20
41375. ... 40 41403 :.. 40 41409........ 40
41480 20 41547.. 20 41565.... 20
41707..1..... 40 41841 ' 40 41871... . 20
42024 ; 100 42054...;.... 20 42285........ 40
42361 ; 90 42481. 40 42536 40
42561 20 42611 i.. 40 42636.. : 20
42656 4042744... 20(42829 20
42940......... 20 43100 100 43283........ 20
43334 500 43574........ 100 43696 20
43772..,;.... K) 43780....,..., 20 43811........ 20
43838 20 43891 40 43911 ..40.
44270 2044306. 20 44348........ ' 100
44628 -40 44689... 20 44729........ 100
44901 2044968 20 45138.. '500
45167 40 45173.... 40 45391 ..100
45444....:.;. 20 45509 20 45540 20
45655........ ,20 45712 '.. 100 45788 40
45818.:.: '20 45913 40 45950... .40
46060^.:..:. 20 46067 40 46104...;.... 40
46183........ 20 46365 20 46478........ .20
46718. 20 46845........ 20 46872. ....... 20
46874....'.... 20 47072 20 47346 20
47394 ..2047675 20 47743. 20
47792 20 48115. 20 48251 ..-.10000
48414 i. . 20 48431 ..* 20 48461. 200
48503........ 4048526.: 2048572.. 100
48599.. -4048650... 2048780.. 23
48943... 200 48964 ..• 20 49005........ 100
49046........ .40 49140........ 100 49191 20
49274.; - 40 49463 40 49591 20
49738 '40 49783.../.... 100 49975.. 20
60024 100 50120........ •» 40 50178 20
50200.. ...... .20 50239 100 50442 20
50531 '40130640 20 50S05 100
50827 .... 20150851.... ' 20 . .
51088... 20151201.: -20 51221...'.'.... 20
5J362 100 5138*........ • 20151470 20
51489...'..;.. . 2051505. - 20151671..: '.20.
51688........ 20 51739 20151844....;... 100
51760-. 20 51831........ 20151839.. 40
61854... 20 51878........ 40151921 40
51924... '20151996....:...,: 20152123... 20
52129........ 20152169. 40152339......... 20
5C552....":... "20152607 40(52693........ 20
52712 :. 200152892 40152967..:..... 40
55C10.. .;...., 20153055 40(53062... -20
53120........ - 40153245....:... 20 53416... " 40
63570.. -20I53613....:... 10053667... "40
53710 ....20153832......:: 20 53865.. .:....' 20
64114.... -40|54127........ 20154192........ 20
54257 40154603.. 40154723........ 20
K760 .200 54761........ 20|54893 40
54943.....::: 10055000 40I55044 '...." 20
Br-110.. .. 40 55169 '. 20155184 20
BclSS 40 55375........ 20]o5533.. : 20
5TII64 . . ;...'... 100155575...'..... 20155581......... 100
655S4....' 20155587...:.... 1000155642... 20
55S01. ....... 20 55859 T 2O56064..'. "20
56079;...:... 20 56132 40156150..; .20
66255........ • 40 56315........ 40 56321.,'...... ' 20
50443..:..... • 20 66493 20156512:...;... 20
66549........ ! 20l56582.. ...... 100156626. 40
6G799 :." 40156970 20156976:....... 100
B6978. ..."....¦ -20157092 20157159 20
57261 ' 20157433., 40157453 20
68C58. .....'.. r 20(58076...:.... 20 53131.. IOO'
ES342 201584S8........ 40 58679 100
68706 40 58759..:..... 40 58803........ 20
6fS57 "-I 20 58971:..:.... 40 58999......... 20
B6236 '20 58297 ;.. 20 59656........ 40
60980 .... . 40 60436 40 60514........ 100
60529 • 20 60532 20160834..:....., -4<J
609C3.. ...... 40 61076 ..20161082......:. 20
61096 .... 100 61208 40|61356 40
61365...'..... .20 61589 '.. • 20161699........ 20
617S3.. ...... 40S1865... 40161932......... 20
62148:.;.....' 20 62252.. - 2CO!62253........ 400-
62262........ ,; 20162264... 200162289 20
62377........ '40JC2534. 20162671........ 1W>.
62750........ ••500|62S42..Y. .-...' 20|623S7.: 40
63S28 4063416 20163477........ 20
63701....:... . •20 63769.;.::... . 20!63933.... 20
64052...;.... .- 20164063....:... 20164076..:..... 20
64172: " 20J64533. ....... 20164755 .... -20
64906....:..."' 20(64944........ 40165087......... 40*
6C274. ........ 100165286.. 20165294..::.... .20
65357.. .:;:.'. :_20 65962.: 40166011 * 20
toC32...::..V 40'66096 20166110... '.20
€6114:7.*..... .20166134........ 20166142.. ...... 20
66187.. ..:... '-'20166208..:..... V 20166214........ 40
46293.....;.... 20 66302.: : 20166352........ 20
66370..-.;.... .' 20 66505:. :...:.' 20166622. :'.. :.:.-' 20
6Gfi37..:...:r 20 66722. ...../. 40166825 .... 20
66S53.. 20I66S9O.. 20167135 . 200
87274 -40I67533........ '40167589........ 40
J7675. ..•...;. >.20l67679. ...:... . 40167723......-.., 20
67741 :.'..:... 40168006..:..... 20168018. :...."..- 20
6S158... ....; ¦ -20168175. ..: 20168325..:. .V.. . M0
6S489..V. 20 6?548..; 20168558 40
6X565... \:...' <"2OliS7I3.;-...... 100168737........ 20
68798...V...; 40:6«325........ 10O!68912.t.V....' : 10O
61G19.:"......\ .40160073 .20169134..::.... ' 40
69302.....:.. 20169404........ 40169447. ."...:..• . 40
6S583:....... -- 40163649.'. ....;¦ KXMCM83.. Y...:.- 40
6P8S5. .....:. '-'40170024... ....:, 40170098........ 40
70226.......;: ; 40170600.7:.-:... '20170782.:....:. 20
¦ -,- For the Treasury Department.
U. BASSETTI. Manager. ' <<1
TERMINAL PRIZES.
798 numbers ending with 79. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
1-rlze of $60,000— $20. r
799 numbers ending with "92. being the last
two figures of the number drawing the capital
prize of $20.000-$20. ~ . •
No. 11,879 draws first capital prize of $80,000,
sold in Tampico, Tams, Hex., D* K. Estacion.
Paila, i Coah. No. 6592 draws second - capital
prize of $20,000, sold in Chicago, 111.. Baltimore,
Md., New Orleans. La.. Denlson. lex. , St.
Louis, Ma No. • 48.251 draws third capital
prize of »10,Ceo, sold In Memphis. Tenn.. Enr.is,
Tex. Nos. 9448, 19; 737. 22,928, 30,685 and 5oja87
draw each $1000, sold in Guaymas, Son., New
Orleans, La., Mexico, New York. N. Y., St.
Louis, Mo.. Fort Wayne. Ind., and Dallas.
APOLINAR CASTILLO, Intervenor.
• V'* DH. GREGORIO ORIVE,
100 numbers from 11.929 to 12.029. Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of- $eo,000-$60.
100 numbers from 6542 to G642. inclusive, being
50 numbers on each side of the number draw-
Ing capital prize flf $20,000— $40.
100 numbers from 4S.201 to 43,301, Inclusive,
being 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing capital prize of $10,000— $.20.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
No. - Prize. |No. i Prize. No. 'Prize:
70797........ 2070S31 100 71144 20
71217........ 100 71298. ...... j» 40 71420... 20
71425........ 20 71469 20 71670........ 100
71783......... _ 20 72127 20 72135 20
72313 80 72605 40 7261S.. 20
7267S 200 72820 40 73001..'. 100
73255... 20 732S1.. .;..... 4073444........ 100
73632... , 20 73673........ 20 73767 20
72865 40 73966... 100 73975 20
74125 100 74154 20 74229 100
74346 40 74425 500 74500 20
74647........ 2074925 20 75023 100
75084. ..; 40 75228..; 20 75243 40
7E2S5... -20 75369 ..40 75465 20
75588........ 40 75668 20 75931.. 40
75944 20476012 40 76023 20
76075.:. ' 2Q 761S7 40176274 20
76322 20 76356 40 76444 100
76653.. 40 76577 -43 76633 40
76639 20 76711 40 769S6 20
77074 j 40 77095.. 20 77175 100
77197...- 20 77272 20 77454 100
77574 ;. 20 77755.. 100 77899 100
77948... ..... 20 78050........ » 40178159...'... .. 40
78185 40 78303 40 7S365 100
7S407 v 40 78360. 40 78628 40
78768 2078836 20 7S849 40
78934 40 79020 20 79041 100
79221.. 40 79236 100 7S24S 20
79538........ 20 79573 200 79636 20
79652 40 79657 20 79561........ 20
7993S 20 79967 .'. 20The last of the Lenten services of the
Final Holy Week Services.
Francisco Uriebe. John Mathew Joseph Lo
renzo Kerbaugh, Maria Christina Dutra," Con
ception Guadalupe Fernandez, Marearita Inez
Wirth, Teresa Maria Flores. Marie Susanna
Mermosilhv Liticia Amanda ' Marshall, Rosa
Lucia Padllla, Josephine . Margarita Villalon,
Evans^lin'a Christina Hill, Irene C. Guliani,
Adella Maria Mondinl, GuadalUDe Laura Tor
res. Carmelita Beatriz Echwerria, Susanna
Guadalupe- Estudillo. Maria Josephine Brown,
Alicia Francesca Preve, Genoveva Teresa Her
mosillo, Lilia Maria Ferrea, Ana Louisa
Ascagna, Clara Carolina Gradwol, Christina
Leanor Currie, Teresa Ana Fabreso, Maria
Caocilia Orosco, Louisa Maria Carmela Dutra,
Maria Lucia Suarez. Rosa Estella Ambroslo,
Antonia Rosalia Schnegula, Leonor Elena Al
boselli, - Hortencea Maria Robinson, Lucia
Veronica Navarro, Yulio Jose Mereno, Rafael
Valencia Auracio Mendez, Lorenzo Gabriel
Camarer.s Andres Thomas Hermosello, Ga
brisU. At,"inla Arrillasa, Elena Maria Spar
ragucira, Mercedes Maria Fernandez. Maria D.
Magdalena Voldez. Luisa Carolina Pacheco,
Guermesinda Louisa Valdez, Manuela Olague.
Elizabeth Rebecca Morris. Rosa Ignacia Santi
bams, Edith Ignacla Norr Is and Josephine
Guadalupe Moreno.
FAITHFUL GATHER IN CATHEDRAL
TO RECEIVE SYMBOL OF SA
VIOR'S JOURNEY. ' I
Sunday at Pleasure Places.
Though the sun was not under cover it
was chilly work seeking pleasure at the
park and beach yesterday. In view of the
condition of the weather the crowds were
fairly large and proportionately orderly.
No important arrests nor startling inci
dents were renorted during the day. At
the Chutes a lage crowd enjoyed the many
features. New attractions are added to
the Chutes b.'ll every week, and its
patrons keep this fact in mind. The crowd
at Sutro baths was entertained by the
usual aquatic contests. Following are the
results: Fifty-yard race — C. Sundburg
first, J. Rasmy second. Under water
swimming contest — H. Hines first, J. Ras
my second. Tub race — C. Louis first, J.
Stratton second, A. Rollins, third. One
hundred-yard race — C. Ross first, S.
Hughes second. Springboard diving— J.
O'Brien first, C. Ryan second. High div
ing — W. Stockton first, C. Sundburg sec
ond. ¦ - - . ¦ 1VJ--.V.
on yesterday afternoon by Policemen
Holmes, Dinan and Silver on a charge of
robbery.
Victor M. Figueroe, a musician, was on
his way home Saturday morning between
2 and 3 o'clock, and at the corner of
Hinckley alley and Pinckney place a
young man approached him and ordered
him to throw up his hands. Figueroe was
so surprised that he did not respond at
once and the robber struck him a vicious
hiow on the chin, which knocked him
«1qw»i. He was stunned for a moment,
during which the robber went through his
pockets, taking his watch and about $5
in cash.
When Figueroe recovered from the blow
he yelled for help and the robber ran.
Kigueroe's cries were heard by the three
officers, and Holmes happened to see An
trim running in the direction of Dupont
street. He pursued and soon overtook
him, and as Figueroe had disappeared by
the time he returned to Hinckley alley
with Antrim he took him to the City
Prison and locked him up in the "tanks."
Holmes did not ascertain till yesterday
Figueroc's address, and he took Antrim
to his house and Figueroe at once identi
fied him. He also identified as his prop
erty the watch which Holmes found in
Antrim's pockets when he searched him
at the City Prison. Antrim says it is a
case of .mistaken identity, but he falls to
give a satisfactory explanation of his
possession of Figuproe's watch, which is
only a nickel-plated affair. , • * ' :
ELEVATOB BOY CHABGED
WITH BOLD ROBBERY
Accused of Stealing a Watch and
Coin From Victor M. Figueroe,
Musician.
John E. Antrim, an elevator boy in the
Russ House, was booked at the City Prls-
ficers of the vessel will have some inter
esting tales to tell. On her last trip from
the coast the vessel took away 545 Porto
FUcans for the sugar plantations. During
the trip two deaths, one birth, thrc>
marriages and one divorce occurred. The
deaths occurred 6oon- after the vessel left
port, and the birth occurred on St- Pat
rick's day. Dr. Waverly Clark at once
named the youngster Zcalandia Patricia
Dqminls, and is so recorded in the
ship's log.
The weddings occurred on March ¦ 21, 22
and 23. - and Captain Dowdell officiated.
The first couple consisted of Ramon Pa
tinao and Ana Muniz. They had no soon
er secured their certificate than Francisco
Beauchamps ar.d Mariana Pagan wanted
the knot tied. Thev were married on
March 22, and the next day Lorenzo
Jimenez and Dolores Beauchamps were
made one. Then there was a general rush
to marry and give in marriage, and the
gallant captain had to cry -a halt. The
cause of the epidemic was soon, learned.
After each ceremony Chief Steward Seeley
gave a little dinner to the wedding party,
and as the Porto Ricans dearly love a.
feast everybody on beard was willing to
get married in order to get some of the
good things. ": *•
In the divorce case Dr. "VVaverly Clark.
Purser Thomas McCombe and Chief Stew
ard Joseph Seeley eat as judges. The
woman easily proved that her husband
had treated her in a most cruel manner,
so the divorce was granted. The day be
fore the Zcalandia reached Honolulu the
divorced woman wanted Captain Dowdell
to marry her to another member of the
company. The captain gravely told her
that according- to the laws of California
she ¦would have to wait a year before she
could marry again. Then the fair Porto
Rican made the lives of Messrs. Mc-
Combe. Clark and Seeley miserable every
time she found them on deck by making
demands for the return of her ex-hus.-
When the Oceanic Steamship Company's
Zealandia arrives next -Thursday the of-
Pcrto Rican Passengers Develop
Wedding Mania and Captain
Dowdell Has to Call
a Halt.
LIVELY TIMES
ON ZEALANDIA
Birth, Two Deaths, Three
Marriages and a Di
vorce on Trip.
.WASHINGTON, ¦ March : 31.— The 1 Presi
dent and Mrs. McKinley . dined with Sen
ator: Hanria'and: a' few 'others at the lat
ter's residence to-night. ,".- >
President : Dines With. Haima.
The Insane, woman r who disturbed , the
religious • meeting ¦' in St' Ignatius " Church
on 'Saturday has been' identified as ;the
¦wife of Maurice G.' Gomes.'a deckhand on
the , ferry steamer Encinal. v She has > been
committed to the asylum on two previous
occasions.
Insane Woman • Identified.
.Wedding Invitations and Visiting Cards.'
Orders . received in Stationery Department
and promptly executed in. the- very .'latest
style and at moderate ¦ prices. Sanborn,-
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. ; * ; .*
James ,MpFarland, an ex-soldier, was
picked up in an unconscious "> condition at
Pacific , and Kearny -streets';. last' evening.
He iwas sent to the Harbor ' Receiving
Hospital, > and - the physicians believe he
was suffering from the effects of ."knock
out X drops." . McFarland would say little
as to his experiences, and after, treatment
was ¦ pronounced- out' of danger. ¦ He ¦ is
known to have had $300/- but he claims he
spent the < entire amount : and was ;';not
robbed. ¦:' . ¦
Swallows "Knockout" , Drops.
, Trapper's Oil cures rheumatism and neuralcl*.
Druggists, i EOo flask. Richards & Co.. 108 Clay. *
: JoseContreras, a sailor, used his pocket
knife upon Romeo Dominico in front of a
saloon at 343 Brannan street early yester
day morning, Inflicting wounds in the left
side, chest ' and right arm. He then . at
tacked Nicholas Sanis,' cutting^ him In the
right groin. Contreras was arrested and
charged with , assault' to -murder;' •-, The
wounded" men were treated at the Emer
gency Hospital.
Drunken Sailor Stabs Two Men.,
A number of the strikers have secured
¦work elsewhere, at • the Risdon ¦• Iron
W T orks, Fulton Engineering Works and on
repairing jobs along "the water, front.
Three more of the ."handy, men", quit work
Saturday, out of sympathy for the cause
of the strikers.- ¦" ¦ . ' ¦ '. ' •' ._.
The success of, the Scotts in: getting the
bilge keel of ; the Spokane ;riveted;Uhough
It had been ¦ fitted by ."handy: men,'.' ¦ has
The riveters are still at work and have
ahead of them yet considerable labor upon
work fitted by: the regular -mechanics.
Thev have promised- the -strikers not to
touch anything fitted - by • the - "handy
men," and if they ¦ stick . by that ' agree
ment they will be out of work by the end
of this week at latest.
The strike situation. at the Union. Iron
works shows no material change. | The
shipfltters are standing well together and
are still sanguine of success, : and assert
that ultimately the shlp~ yards will , be
completely tied up unless their demands
are granted. • • - •
Touch Work Fitted- by' the
; .* "Handy Men."
HI VETERS _ STILL BUSY .
AT UNION 'IRON WORKS
Promise Strikers That Th«y Will Net
Idattis diarged With' Manslaughter.
The death of Frank Drought as the re
sult of the accident in which the run
away horse caused so much damage on
Howard street ' Saturday, has led to a
charge of ¦ manslaughter ?; being entered
against John; Mattis. It was Mattis who
unhitched' the horse that ran away in or
der to make room for his own team. ¦:¦': .-¦
The condition of John T. Scott, who was
injured at the "Union Iron : "Works on.Sat
urday night at the launching of the Spo
kane, is resting easy, according to the re
port of the physicians at St. Luke's Hos
pital. The fracture of his thigh bone was
accompanied by a severe shock to his sys
tem, but with good treatment he "will be
about again in the course of a month.
John T. Scott Resting Easy.
' $20, including berth and meals, for a five
days' trip on the elegant steamship Co
rona, sailing every Friday for San Pedro
and Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz,
Monterey, Port Harford, Gaviota. Santa
Barbara, Ventura and other interesting
points, allowing. time for passengers to go
ashore, arriving in San ¦ Francisco Wed
nesday morning. Pacific Coast Steamship
Co., office 4 New Montgomery street, un
der Palace Hotel. ' • ;
Cheaper Than Staying at Home.
i A special meeting of .the Pacific Hebrew
Orphan Asylum ;' and Home .' Societv was
held •, at : , the ¦ asylum building, Hayes and
Devisadero. streets, , yesterday afternoon.
At r the regular annual meeting ' held ' last
September, it wa s ¦; decided ' to revise the
constitution •: that ' had ¦ remained ; intact
since , the . organization of ' the . societv « in
1871. . A , committee consisting " of Otto
Wise,. J.' M.,? Ellis, Benjamin Sloss and
Benjamin Ermer was appointed to do the
work, and it wa's the report of this com
mittee that the society" was called. upon to
approve > or ' disapprove yesterday.
Few radical changes were made. A num
ber, of rules . that • have been : made during
,the past • twenty .years . were embodied: in
the ; constitution ;;and ¦ a , change j made in
membership ;fees. s The' life . membership
was raised from $100 : to 5150 and" the other
fees.- remained unaltered. '.'.The , member
ships were .also classified as . life," patrons :
life »D?.trons; and subscribers. ¦_ - • ' •- *-,
and Home Society.
Pacific : Hebrew Orphan Asylum
CONSTITUTION REVISED 5B^V
; AFTER TWENTY YEARS
Life - Membership Fee Raissd . in the
Charles Anderson, Inger. Aune, Aslaug Aune
Hilda Burghgren, Gertrude . J. Barth, Meta
Agnes, Friis, . George Gibson, Edward George
Hincken, Laurlne Hoerefe, Peter Johnson.
John, K.' A. Johnson, Tlllle Christine Johnson,
Henry R. Lohsen, Harry 1 Mattheison, Hattie
M. Nuhrenburg, Lillian Plath,, Mabel Reimer,
Edgar L. • Reinhold, Edward Schwarzmann.
George TV. ' Swan. Ruby Lena Stolz. ' Pearl
Freda Stolz, Carrie Winter. Lizzie E. We'ndt
and Kittle M. Zammttt. :
The pastor preached a short sermon on
the "Gospel for the Day" with an address
to the confirmation- class, after which fol
lowed the confirmation rite with laying
on of hands according to the ritual of the
Lutheran church. . The following named
were confirmed: :>"?¦'¦
During the service the regular choir,
under the- choirmaster, J.- C. Fyfe, ren
dered "I Waited for the Lord," "My Soul
Doth Magnify the Lord" and offertory,
"Rejoice Jerusalem and Sing." ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦
j Palm Sunday was celebrated at the
First English Lutheran church * with a
particularly ! impressive service, of which
the confirmation of twsnty-six young peo
ple was an ' interesting part. '" At 11 a, ¦ m.
the edifice was crowded. The services
opened with a processional, led by the
regular choir and the Girls' - Vested Choir
of- forty voices, the singers being clad in
white vestments. The pastor, Rev. Dr.
E. Nelander, and the confirmation class
followed. .-
Upon Young, People.
The Rev. Dr. Nelander Confers Rita
AT LUTHERAN CHURCH.
Hopkins Art Institute Social Func
- tion for the Benefit of Worthy
• .Institutions.
A large number of boxes for the promen
ade concert at the Hopkins Institute, April
9, have been sold. Among those -who have
taken' boxes are: Mrs. Henry T. Scott,
Mrs. W. H. Crocker, Mrs. Irvine. Mrs.
William G. Irwin, Mrs. Eleanor Martin,
Mrs. Frank Carolan and Mrs. Whitelaw
Reid. ' ,
The patronesses are as follows:
Mrs. Francis Carolan, Mrs. - Casserly, Mrs.
William H: Crocker, Mrs. Joseph A. Dono
hoe, Mrs. J. A. Folger, Mrs. Joseph D. Grant,
Mrs A: E. Head, ¦ Mrs. Irvine, Mrs. "VV. G.
Irwin. Mrs. Hall McAllister. Mrs. William T.
Nichols, Mrs. Whitelaw Reid, Mrs. Henry T.
Scott, Mrs. ¦ "W. . S. Tevls. Mrs. "Welch, Mrs.
George A. Pope, Mrs. Martin and Mrs. Tobin.
I The beneficiaries of the concert are the
San Francisco Art Association, the Sea
men's Institute, the St. Ignatius Training
School for Servants and the ' Armitage
Orphanage. ; •• ¦ . . ¦
B0XES SELL FAST FOR.
/PROMENADE CONCERT
PALM branches were distributed
yesterday in all Roman Catholic
churches. 'The ceremonies attend
' ant thereon served to symbolize
"the closing days of the. penitential
season of Lent-and to inaugurate the ser
vices of Holy Week. During this period
special devotions will be held, culminating
with chants of joy on, Easter morn.
Solemn high masses were celebrated in
each of the Catholic churches. Prior to
this, however, . the s palm branches were
blessed and as the faithful knelt at the
sanctuary rail each one rcceived-a. branch.
Owing to the length-of the gospel read in
the mass of the day the services; were
generally of a simple though solemn char-
Prior to the high mass celebrated at St.
Mary's Cathedral at 11 o'clock his Grace
Archbishop Riordan, accompanied "by
Father Dempsey, twenty-four acolytes,
censer bearers and other attendants, all
garbed in the purple vestments typical of
the most tragic events In the history of
the church, blessed the ¦ branches, while,
the thurlfer wove wreaths of incense in
the air. As the people knelt at the altar
rail there came from the* organ loft the
strains of "Pueri Hebraeorlum," sung by
High mass followed -'immediately after
ward Father Dempsey .being the .cele-.
brant. Weber's massinG was sung by
the choir under the direction of Organist
R J Harrison. For the offertory Faure's
"Leo Bameaux" was rendered. ,The solo
ists were: Miss Kathryne Black, soprano;
Miss Julia Sullivan, aJto: David Manlloyd,
tenor; and S. J. Sandy, basso. They were
assisted by a special chorus.
The Very Rev. Father Prendergast read
the gospel of the day. which recalls the
events preceding the final consummation
and resurrection. Owing to its length no
sermon was preached. .-' ;. -. l_ :¦ ¦„". :: __ •
At Notre Dame des Victoires, on .Bush ,
street, the Rev. A. Hamet, superior of the
Marist order, was the celebrant. The
palms. were blessed by him, and the other
priests attached to the church assisted.
Special musical services -were rendered.
At St. Patrick's Church Father. P. J.
Cummlngs, the pastor, was the celebrant. (
Palms were distributed, at all the masses,
the number of parishioners attending this;
church precluding the possibility of ctheir
distribution in any other manner. > •;..
At the high mass- celebrated at 10:30
o'clock at St.. Ignatius Church Very Rev.
Father Freiden. S. J.. was' the celebrant.
The -music was rendered by the regular
choir. The palms were blessed and dls-
Sacrament to Large Class.
The sacrament of • confirmation .was ad
ministered yesterday afternoon by Arch
bishop Riordajt at" the Spanish church,
Yglesla . de • Nuestra Senora de . Guada
lupe. ¦ As -it has been nearly three year«
since • the Archbishop* visited ¦ this church,
special preparations had been made to
honor his Grace. . ,- •
. As Palm Sunday ' was the day selected,
naught but the multitude of tapers that
lit- the altar was permitted as decorations.
I Assisted by Father Mulligan, his sec
retary, and Fathers Santandreau and^Vil
lodomat. of the - - chu.rch, the .Arch
bishop, .'dressed- in his episcopal . robe
of office, crossed with chrism, and
holy • oils the foreheads " of each of
the . seventy or more applicants that
knelt before him. The , majority -'of
these' were young- girls, while a number
of adults also , embraced the opportunity
The remainder consisted of boys.
! The young ladies were seated, on one
side of .the church, .while the lads were
opposite.- The girls. were dressed in white,
and each of the other young confirmants
wore a white band of ribbon around his
arm. As 'they approached the altar rail
each knelt- devoutly and retired, under
the direction of Father Villodomat. Dr.
Isaac Rivas and ' Mrs. Marcellina de
Aurrecocha* acted as sponsors.
| Professor Arrellega, the "organist, as
sisted by an augmented choir,- sang th-»
"Veni Creator," by Dubois. At its con
clusion the Archbishop delivered a, brief
address, full of good advice to the young
confirmants. .
The names of the children ¦ confirmed
are: ¦ |
¦ Milton Gabriel Woodi, Jose Patredo Lopez,
Antonio . Marshall Dovis, Henry Joseph Ain
eros, I>eon Sykes, Francisco Arteche, Miruel
Rafael Berdusca, Jose Diaz, Antonia Aloyslus
Tapia, Thomas Joseph Gusman, Artura Pablo
Allioue, Leon Ipnaclo Alvarez. Carlo Robin
son, Jose Adam Bustavada, Alfred Quevedo,
Eeteban Jose Linari, Luis Francisco Betten
court. Margarita Josephine McKenny, Amelia
Guadalupe Pilar Mlvas. Inez Martina Orrego,
Edna Camilla Adams, Huita Esperanza Dieck
mann," Bertha Victoria Holmes, Marcus Luis
Marquardsen, Luis Albert Prince, Francisco
Enrique Richard Valencia, Edward J. Tormey,
Philip Telemachus Sullivan, Patrick Joseph
Noonan, John Joseph "Walmesley, George
incensed the strikers. . and i they.- -will en
deavor to. find who among the ¦ riveters
broke the . agreement.
Archbishop Riordan Administers the
SPANISH CHILDBEN CONFIRMED
tributed immediately before-mass. At all
other Catholic churches the same ceremo
nial was observed. '
( Theodore , Eheleben, Gustav Schulz, Edward
Listmann,' :- Lud wig Mueller. Mag-dalena Bas
t!an, Klara Schober, Henriette HiHma.nr>. Rose
Hagemann, Frieda Eheleben, Irma Riemer
Bertha Leibert, Wilhelmine Brackneg and Al
w'ne Breckwold. . -. ; ¦¦ . •
The sacrament of "confirmation was ad
ministered | yesterday morning at ' St.
Paul's German ' Evangelical Lutheran
Church by.; the pastor,' the Rev. Paul
Branke.- The church was decorated in an
artistic manner, with white roses and
palms. .-.: A full choir rendered appropriate
music for the occasion. At the conclu
sibn'of the sermon the pastor was pre
sented with' a magnificent 'dining room
table -by the class which was ' confirmed.
Those who received the sacrament are: "
Children Receive Confirmation.
Calvarian Society were held yesterday
afternoon at St. Mary's Cathedral. The Rev.
John W. -Sullivan preached, taking as his
text St. Luke, xvlii:31— "Then he took unto
him ' the twelve" and said unto : them, "Be
hold, we go ..up to Jerusalem, , and all
things that are written by the prophets
concerning the son of man shall be ac
complished." Preceding the sermon were
the devotions, consisting of the fourteen
stages of the holy way of . the cross.
Father Sullivan preached- a forceful ser
mon, depicting vividly the sufferings of
the master, the distrustfulness and disap
pointment of the apostles and their ina
bility to comprehend the fulfillment of
Christ's prophecies • when the heavy hand
of Rome came upon them. He described
Christ's darkest moment as his , greatest,
and the brightest that history ever held
for the world.
The programme during the afternoon
and evening consisted of addresses, music
and "spirit messages," both meetings be
ing well attended. The speakers were
President M. 8." Norton, Thomas G. New
man, Charles J. Anderson,, Vice President
Charles H. Wadsworth, Dr. A. J. Emmer
son-Clark, Dr. G. W. Carpenter, Secre
tary W. T. Jones, Mrs. Anna L.. Glllespie
and Mrs. *R. S. Lillie. All the addresses
were on 'the growth of spiritualism and
dwelt upon the needs of extension of the
philosophy. President- Norton announced
that it was the Intention of the society
to shortly open headquarters, where the
work could be carried on under proper
auspices. .
At the afternoon and evening meetings
a number of "spirit messages" were de
livered by mediums. A' musical pro
gramme was also rendered by the Gilles
pie family, Mr. and Mrs. Young, Miss
Stella Callender- and Mrs. Eva Calvert
Leddy.
¦ The California State Spiritualists* Asso
ciation yesterday celebrated the fifty
third anniversary of "modorn spiritual
ism," two meetings being held at Scottish
Hall on La: kin street.
Fifty-Third Anniversary Celebration
Attended by Large Numbers of
Disciples of the Faith.
SPIRITUAUCSTS MEET
IN ANNUAL SESSION
Jolui Marshall Is Compelled to Re
sign by '.Chief of Police
Sullivan.
John Marshall, who for several months
has been driving the patrol wagon at
the Stanyan-street station, is no longer a
member of .the police force. Saturday
night Chief Sullivan • sent . for ' him and
promptly relieved him of his star. Mar
shall was then made to .write his resigna
tion and told that his services were no
loneer needed. • •
Just what prompted Sullivan to relieve
Marshall Of his star the head of the Po
lice Department refuses to say. When
spoken to yesterday he was at first re
luctant to discuss' the matter, but finally
admitted that Marshall had been forced
to resign. As to why he relieved him of
his star Sullivan was as dumb as the pro
verbial oyster. . ¦
i "I don't want to be questioned about
the matter," he testily remarked. .. "He
has resigned and that is all there is
to It."
Captain Wittman was also present when
Sullivan demanded Marshall's star, but
acting under instructions from his supe
rior he refuses to say anything about the
matter. "
"You will have to see the Chief," said
Wittman. "I know nothing about it."
Marshall is equally reticent and em
phatically refuses to disclose the reason
why the Chief forced- him to give up his
star. •
PATROLMAN IS TORCED
! TO SURRENDER HIS STAR
Timely Arrival of Policemen Stops
Struggle in Spofford Alley That
Would Have; Besul ted in
';.-!.. Murder.
Ah Jjie, a prominent cigar merchant,
•whose place;of business is at 1027 Dupont
street, had a desperato struggle with a
highbinder yesterday afternoon in the
headquarters of j)ne of , the warring: fac
tions at 38 Spofford iallev. 1 He was fol
lowed in)to his own lair by several of Ms
enemies, who tried to shoot him, and had
it not'been'for the timely arrival of Oi-
Hcers Bob Connor and >i: Brady he would
probably have been, killed. . ¦ .
Jue is one of the officers 'of -the Bow On
Tong, now at war with- the Hip Sinss
He passed into his . headquarters yester
day afternoon and observed tbat he was
being followed by several men. When
he' reached the meetins-room ..he found
it deserted and as soon as he entered one
of his pursuers darted in after him and,
drawing, a revolver, attempted to fire. •
Jue grappled with hit. would-be mur
derer and the latter's companions were
about to take a hand in the conflict when
some one cried out that officers were rush
ing up' the stairs. .
The highbinders -made their escape
quickly, while th«» two combatants contin
ued their,, struggle for the possession of
the weapon. .When the Hip Sing man saw
the policemen in the hallway he took to
his heels, leaving his weapon behind, and
has not yet been captured: - .'
Body of Highbinders Make
Attack on Enemies'
- Headquarters.
ATTEMPT TO KILL
CIGAR MERCHANT
BLESSED PALMS DISTRIBUTED
TO FAITHFUL AT THE CHURCHES
Solemn Services Open Closing Week of Lent and From
Many Pulpits Is Reiterated the History of the Saviors
TriBulations From Gethsemane to Calvary's Cross
THE SA^vFBANCISCO CALL, MONDAY,vAPRIL 1, 1901.
band.
10
- Rauer's Law. and-; Collection' Co., re-
, moved : to 313; Bush; st. • V' *: •
ADVEBTISEMEKTS.
iloyHs
THREE-DAY SALE.
TO-DAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY.
PHOXE MISSION S.
Bulter, very bsst par square 30c
We guarantee no better made.
Eggs, our choices!, per doz I71c
• Direct from Highland Poultry Farm.
Soap, Babbitt's 22 cakes $1,00
A sn&D.' Regularly Be cake.
Milk, Condensed, i r .Vi 7 cans SI. 00
The old reliable.
Flour, Falston P2P.cake.2-lb pkg IQc
feelf-rlslng made quick. Regularly 12%c
Soap, >tryker's r and 8 cakes 25c
Gocd for Bcouring-. Regularly 6 for 25c.
Macaroni, Vermicelli cr Spaghetti
Rvnlarly Ste. P8f \iX 20C
Figs, best black 8 lbs 25c
Nice tender eating.
Corn, su^ar 6 cans 45c
guarantee quality.
Meal, corn, yellow 10-lb sack 20c
T. B. CORCORAN & CO.,
1201 Valencia Street,
CORNER TWEXTT-THIRD.
World Famous Mariaiii (Tome
P WRITTEN ENDORSEMENTS FROM
MORE THAN '
3,000 PHYSICIANS,
All Dro££i«ts. Refuse Substitutes.
G0LDBEE5, BOWER ft CCS SPECIAL 3 AVISO BALE
Smelling salts
Crown — reg'ly 30c bottle &* 2CC
W h is k y •
D C L— Ballynacree— Scottish rf T
Bard— old Irish and Scotch blends— P *
reg'ly Ji 25 stone jug
B 1 0 at e rs
Grimsby — reg'iy 40c doz 2 OC
432 Pine 233 Suiter 2809 California San Franeiico
Thirtienth and CUy sireets Oakland
\. ¦ . .
Automobile
Spectacles*-
SOMETHING NEW IN BTB
PROTECTORS.
Oculists' crescriDtlona filled. Factory ea
premises. Quick repairing. Fbone, Main 10.
642 Market 5t. imstrumcnts
umoer cmrohicli Buitoixfr. CaTALOCULFkC.
DE..MCNULTY.
fpHIS WEIX-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
L Specialist curet Blood Poison, Gonorrhcsa.Gle^t.
stricture, Memlnal Weatness, Impotence and tbeir
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Meii,lr««.
Orer20years>xper!ence.Termsreasonable. Hoars.
9to3dally;S:30to3.30eT'Ks.,Sandjiys.l0tol2.Ci»Jul-
tatlon free and sacredly confidential. Call orauoren
r. BORCOE MeSftlLTY.JI.D.
S6},'KearnySt., Han Francisco. Csl-
acCO.^ggj^ •
MARKET ST. SI.
CAFE ROYAL §¦££££
vallaea ch-cked trt*
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Llsta Mallei
_J on Application.
COAL. COKE A.>D PXQ IRO.N.
j.c Wilson & co- &ssns&
' COPPERSM1TH-
C-V. SMITH. ISi p S nt^ btajr - Steamboat and
13 Washington st. Telephone- Main 5641.
FRESH AND SALT- MEATS
JAS.BOYES&CO. wnt^rmr
oils. ¦
LUBRICATDIO OrLS. LEOSARD & ELUS.
. <U Front »t.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTINO.
E C HUGHES, m Sa n P .^ T g :jL _ L
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
I a First 3trect, Saa yraneisco.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
PARTRIDGE T^g^^
Weekly Call, $1 per Year i
GOLDBEBO, BOWER ft CO'S SPECIAL SATINS SALS
BDWEN
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Sardines
Imported— IOC jj^q
reg'ly 12J and 20c can / * ¦
Maplesyrup
Hazen — reg'ly 65c $ gallon — 60C
Buckwheat — eastern — reg'Iy 75c sk
Mushrooms .
F. Lecourt— • oo*c
rcg iy 25c can 2
M a c a r o n i
LaFavorita— reg'ly 15c lb — also j 2'c
spaguettl— letters and numbers a
Apricots
World— sliced— 2CC
reg'ly 30c 3 lb can
Port
Private stock— California— 0 C $2
regMy $2 50 gallon — 75c bottle J *
Cher r i e s
Preserved in Marasquin — 2OC 60C
reg'ly 25c and 65c bottle "*
S h r imps
Biloxi — Dunbar — , nr
reg'ly I2}c can x UL -
M ackerel
Soused — I 2 r C
reg'ly 15c can x
Rock an d r ye
Quick cold cure— tf T -
reg'ly $1 25 bottle «° x
L u c c a o i 1
G B & Co — sublime — COC
reg'ly 55c bottle J
Bit.t e r- 5 s
orange— reg'ly $1 g QC
Old Tom gin
, D C L— full quarts— Q rr
reg'ly $1— best to be had ° 3 V
Prun e s
Italian— large and tender— ? i il 2 CC
tart— reg'ly 10c lb \ 3 2 1 1 DS *p K '
G u rry po w d er
Madras— true flavor— _ -. _ - o ~
nreg'ly 35c and 60c bottle 3 oc 5 ov '
G e re a 1 s
. University — oats i packages n er
Steam cooked— wheat 3 ,'V • >>.
Pick 1 e s
German— dill giikens — rnr
; reg'ly 60c gallon , ¦ ** 5 UC
Go log n e
..Johann Maria Farina— rnr
I regMy 55c .'.bottle OHh.
¦ ¦- h
IS El **%jj™ 1^^ fl*^
Lift I LiU I
'During this entire week we will
have on sale our latest importations
of the. following New Goods;
New Satin Llfiertu Foulard Silks ani Fine Twill Satin
Finish Foulard Silks .*
85c, $1.00, $1.25 and $1.50 Bard
New Black Grenadines, black Crepe de Chene and
French Batiste and Yelling . 75c to $2.50 nard
New French Chalus, plain, printed and Javanaise, ele-
gant designs. 50c, 60c and 85c gard .
NewSatin Florentine Rlbnons, all the latest shades, 5
indies In width. .35c/gard
New Ladles' Silk, Satin, 'Albatross andCasbmere Waists,
- latest stnlesand colors — $4.5O to $16.50 each
New Regnler Gloves In Suedes and glace, wltn Paris
point, embroidered hacks
.$1.50, $1.75 and $2.00 pair
New Fancg Hosierg in polka dots, stripes, figures and
lace errects vr .. .socpair
New Persian Trimmings, half Inoh to three inches
in width, Prices...... 25c to $5.OO per Bard
EXTRA SPECIAL!
Fine namask Table Cloths and dinner
Sets, Fine namask Napkins, Tea Cloths and
Embroidered Stand Covers at veru low prices,
':{¦ 111. 113, 115. 117. !I9. 121 POST STREET.