One ex-soldier made , a decided : Impres
sion on the mob. He paid no attention' to
the chorus of "scab" or the howls of de
rision, and, to all appearances, might
have been taking a ; ride . for the pure
pleasure of It. -Whizz!. A rock skimmed
within" two incfies of his head. He never
moved' and hardlv blinked. "Whang! -A
section' of -brick struck him on the shoiil-
DECIDED IMPRESSION
"Look out, -boys, he's a soldier, . he'll
shoot, all right," was passed down the
line, -and ex-soldier and his non-union
ward pursued their way, in peace. 7
ONE SPECIAL MAKES A
A number of the specials attacked yes
terday were ex-soldiers.' They were treat
ed as the other specials until they brought
their six-shooters to bear In the direction
of the rock batteries. There was no
necessity for the sounding of a "cease
firing" call. '
Nearly every fusillade of stones was fol
lowed by a gun play on the part of the
specials. The gun play generally resulted
in. the slinking to cover of the attacking
party and the frightened, huddling to
gether of the crowd of onlookers and sym
pathizers, who were apparently too mucn
fascinated by the- open display of law
lessness to seek safety in retirement. from
the scene. of violence. ¦ .
of them owe their lives to a lucky duck
ing of the head or an error in marksman
ship on the part of the rock-hurlers.
R. H. Ashman, a special officer, room
ing at the Prescott House, was attacked
by. a gang of strikers yesterday forenoon
at' Fourth and Brannan streets. Ashman
was taken to the Emergency Hospital,
where Dr. Weyer placed four stitches in
a cut on his scalp. In addition to this he
had several contused wounds about the
head and face.
v,H. T. Burns, a special officer, residing at
1511 Polk street, and O. S. Westbrook. a
non-union man, residing at 415 Kearny
street, received treatment at the Harbor
Emergency. Hospital last night for injur
ies received in a conflict with strikers at
the corner of Montgomery and California
streets. Burns had an incised .wound of
the left hand and Westbrook had a knife
wound in the leg. 'The two men were on
a California-street car when the attack
was made by four men, two of whom drew
knives. The injuries are slight.
At the Harbor Hospital A. Herskind, one
of Curtin's employes, had several stitches
taken in his scalp and dressings applied to
numerous contusions on his face. - Hers
kind escorted a teamster, to section 2 of
the seawall and was assaulted by a num
ber of union sailors who were lounging
about, the front. The union men waited
until Herskind had got down from -his seat
on the truck and then grabbed him. One
of the sailors hel'd him. while another took
his club and pistol away, and then they
all took a hand at punching him. "When
they thought they had administered pun
ishment enough they released him and he
went to the hospital for treatment.
strikers. -None", of the Injured
ones were seriously hurt, but the wounds
were severe enough to compel them to lay
off for several days. .
• .7 a •> NUMBER of special officers .were
-^X : ;'¦ treated r at- the Harbor and: Cen-
ZJ» tral - Emergency.; : hospitals yes-
J. - terday for injuries by
Hospital Surgeons Are
Kept Busy Treat
ing Injuries.
Special Officers Are
Beaten by the
Strikers.
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Three.
\ Continued on Page Four.1^
NEW TORK, Aug. 28, Herald's Obseiv
atlon Station, Nantucket lightship, Aug.
28 (by Marconi system of wireless telegra
phy).—When 200 miles east of Sandy Hook
and speeding on her course for New Tork.
the Hamburg- American liner Deutschland
•was spoken from the Herald's wireless
telegraph station on the lightship this af
ternoon. For several hours wireless sig
nals Cashed between her and the light
ship, telliag the story of her voyage from
Hamburg. The . Deutschland passed the
lightship at 5:30 o'clock. It was about 4
o'clock when she signaled the lightship.
She was then far to the eastward of the
station and no visible sign had told of her
coming. m M
"This Is the Deutschland, came the
message. "Delightful trip. Daily runs,
422. 662, 573, 572 and 578 miles. Please re
port me to ray agent."
Communication with the liner was main
tained until she was forty miles to the
westward of here, but still several hours
away from Sandy Hook. Among those
aboard the DeuUchland was Tod Sloan,
tne jockey.
Approach of the Steamship Deutsch
land Known Long Before She
Is Sighted.
WIRELESS MESSAGES
FROM A LINER AT SEA
Three Lives Crushed Out in a Disas
ter on King Solomon
s Mountain.
SILVERTON. Colo./ Aug. 28.— A cave-in
occurred in the fifth level of the North
Star mine on King Solomon Mountain to
ds y, burying four men who were engaged
in retimbering the shaft at the time.
Three of the men were crushed to death,
t*3e fourth, T. J. McCormick, escaping
without serious Injury. The dead are:
THOMAS HODGE, aged 43, married.
EDGAR TRESSIGER.
GUS CONRAD.
The North Star, which Is the highest
m!ne being worked in the United States,
Is operated by the Smuggler-Union Com
pany, the latter being owned by Boston
and New Tork capitalists.
MINE WALL COLLAPSES
AND MEN ARE KILLED
Special Officer .; telling Me-'
Laughlin to whip up his team again, fired
a- shot into;' the crowd. .'.The mob '•} opened
up and the v dray continued its flight along
Sixth • street. "¦ Between ' Howard '; and 'Mis-'
slon the* near horse slipped arid fell, arid
before either Ashcroft or McLaughlin had.
time to make any attempt to [ get the ani- ;
mal on his feet again the crowd was_ upon
them.' ':".. Firing another - shot, Ashcroft
leaped , : to the ground, followed 'J by . ; Me-'
Laughlin. ; The V latter -ran. up V* Sixth'
street ' and took refuge In Sorensen's ' Jew-
The cry of "Scab '..kill the scab!" was
taken up by a hundred voices as. a crowd
of striking teamsters made a. rush for the
dray. . McLaughlin whipped up his horses
and drove along Sixth street toward Mar
- ket at a': rapid , rate.,' His pursuers, re
inforced as they .went along, overtook and
surrounded* the dray.;- An attempt: was
made to cut ' the i lines,' but the "knife,
wielded In] excitement, , inflicted a serious
stab in the^houlder of the off horse.'
SPECIAL OFFICER FIRES
: ; INTO MOB OF STRIKERS
About 4:30 o'clock,- just after; the close
of the teamsters''-benefit baseball, game,
a crowd of teamsters returning from the
ball grounds encountered a Farnsworth &
Ruggles dray.' . The' driver . : was a non
union teamster named McLaughlin. Percy
Ashcroft was the" special officer riding be
side him as a protector.
~ .Revolvers, were freely exhibited and but
for the fact that the- men responsible for
throwing the stones took care to be safe
ly' ambuscaded, behind throngs of fright
ened'women and' children, there Is .little
doubt that :the list of casualties .would
have reached formidable dimensions. y
•>¦ In -the district of -the rioting' business
was suspended. Every window on both
sides of Sixth street was filled with spec
tators. Determined-looking men - moved
in frantic ' rushes from end ,to end of tha
scene of disorder, while storekeepers stood
at the entrance of their places of business
ready to close up their doors if the trouble
reached: the proportions it several times
threatened. " V • . ' • •': -¦ -
The police: did not arrive until the mob
had worked itself ,iiitp j a frenzy of pas
sion and even after the officers had in a
measure, s'gotijsthe .'.crowds under control
showers of rocks were hurled at.theheads
of special policemen and non-union!team
sters.' ';-*'¦ . , • ¦¦', :
terror ruled in I the . district -from the ball
grounds" to Sixth streef and from Sixth
street to. Market. ' ... . ¦¦='•' ' ¦
Eighth and Harrison j street grounds ~l for]
the benefit of the union teamsters seemed
to be the signal to the strikers for, a don-'
ning of warpaint. They took to the war-]
path with . a rush and for several hours
CROWD FROM BALI/GAME ;
IN FRENZY OF PASSION
The [ close of the baseball game ""at the
THE flame of resentment,, smol
dering since the commencement
of the present labor troubles,
j against the employment' of po
lice-protected non-union team
sters, burst into a blaze yester
day afternoon and for three hours the
pent-up passions of ' the strikers were
given free play. For three hours one^of
the most thickly populated sections of the
city was virtually in the hands of a mob.
The police were comparatively' helpless.
Guns were displayed with the legendary
freedom of the wild frontier times, 'shots
were fired and bullets and rocks ricochet
ed hither and thither with alarming fre
quency and In every direction. .' [
The leaders in this outburst from the
lestraint of weeks .were- for the most
part striking teamsters. -The active par
ticipants in the attack _ or series 'of at
tacks on , special officers and non-union
teamsters numbered' about 500." This
number was augmented . by a crowd of
over 5000 spectators apparently more or
less in sympathy with the excited strik
ers.
The restraints placed upon the men- by
their leaders in the strike movement
were entirely forgotten for the while.
Women and children huddled in the
shelter of -• doorways fearful for their
lives, and tradesmen watching the
rising and, falling of the mob's fighting
temperature heaved sighs of relief when'
the police managed finally to clear the
streets.
Twelve or 'fifteen shots were fired, but,
as far as could be learned last night,
wlth'out fatality. Forty .or fifty times
during the three hours pistols were dis
played, and only the fact of ! ' the display
serving" the purpose and making the mob
cease its bombardment of rocks 6aved the
firing of many more shots and a large
sacrifice of life.
The trouble started soon after 4 o'clock.
The police did not reach . the : scene until
some time after, and it was not :. until
yearly 7 o'clock that the officers were
able to make a clean sweep of the crowd
and leave the district in its normal quiet;
Striking Teamsters Go on the Warpath, and in Their Attack Upon
Non-Union Drivers and Special Policemen Pistols Pop and
Rocks Fly and a Whole Neighborhood Is Terrified.
elry store, whence he made a lucky es
cape.
Ashcroft followed more leisurely; hold
ing the crowd at bay with . his revolver.
He had occasion to fire once more, when
near Market street, and during the halt
of his pursuers, which followed the shot,
he .was' able ; to reach the two policemen
wher later escorted him safely to the Hall
of Justice.
. McLaughlin, the driver, stampeded by
the. mob, tore along. Sixth street with a
horde of infuriated strikers at his heels.
There was not a policeman in sight, but
an open-door at No. 103 looked g. promis
ing refuge 'and over the threshold : the
hunted man jumped, his howling pursuers
at"his heels. The haven he had selected
was Sorensen's jewelry store. At .the
rear. end; is. a dark room ; used by'Soren
sen for testing the eyes of customers for.
spectacles.! There Is no rear exit to this
chamber, but into it dashed the strikers' .
quarry and after . . him .piled the man
hunters." . .
.Under ordinary circumstances the refuge
selected- by the teamster would have
been a trap.'- In • this case, however, it
proved a lucky choice. In '.the darkness
it was impossible _. to distinguish friend
from foe, hunter, from quarry, and watch-,
ing his chance the non-union man slipped
through the crowd in ' the dark room,
through the howling mob '.which by this
time filled the store, and but to the side
walk,; where he soon got beyond reach ¦
of his ; pursuers.
STBIKEHS PUMMEL j EACH
IN DARK ROOM
The strikers In the dark room hammered
each other for fully five '¦¦ minutes before
they discovered that their prey had given
them the sllpi - When.they " reached the
street again j their man had disappeared. -
There .were ' i; other non-union; men, how
ever,' and the . appearance of one was the
signal for. a rush, a shower of stones, an
unwilling dispersal under police pressure
a nd then " a;, watt, which \ was never long,
for " another victim. ¦ ; - .
• \ The * crowd > did : considerable damage '. to
a • showcase in Sorensen's store, but the
owner seemed too glad to get his place of
business cleared, to r worry -much about
the broken glass arid' mussed-up' stock. V
; The special policemen on duty as guards
for. the non-union teamsters seemed" to ba
the /particular object of ¦ the crowd's at
tacks. More c than a few of the recently
appointed ¦ peace ' officers were badly
bruised with rock or brickbat,' and several
NON-UNION TEAMSTER CHASED BY FIVE HUNDRED ; INFURIATED, STRIKERS ON SIXTH . STREET YESTER
DAY AFTERNOON. RIOTING CONTINUED FOR SEVERAL HOURS AND MANY SHOTS WERE FIRED. NONE
OF WHICH TOOK EFFECT. THE POLICE FINALLY DISPERSED THE MOB.
"The litigation .covers a period of a
year. There are really five litigants, the
two big companies, Mongollon & Klmball
and Richards, Mclntosh & Price. Attor
neys Griffiths and Howard represent
the Mongollon end the other parties are
represented by Attorneys Pickler. ,'H.
Geary, Johnson, Sullivan and Sands. All
of them claim to have orders giving them
right of possession and allowing them to
work under bonds to the others. ¦ Three of
the. orders are on the court minutes of
the last two days that Judge Noyea held
court. '» The older orders were brought to
the clerk's. office by the attorneys, with
the signature of Judge Noyes and with
the statement that tLey were signed by
him while on the Roanoke.
: "Upon the statement that' there was a
Noy es Signed the Orders.
. "Half of my men were in bed and half
in the pits at work. The first intimation
I had of an attack was a cry from a dis
tance, 'Hold up your hand's,' and at the
same time a large number of men Jump
ed over .the dumps- and ran Into, the pits
and. tent3. j They ordered -the workmen
out and those who ran into the tents wera
crying, .'Get out; put on your clothes.*
.,; "O'Connor was in bed. A tall man stand
ing over him ordered him to . hurry his
dressing. He did not move fast enough,
and the tall man deliberately shot him.
the ball striking him in the groin. We
were : then ordered off. The attacking;
party ran down hill to -where Richarda
and his men were camped, and I heard a
great- racket down there."-
The Nome News. says: "The affair is
one of several jj sensational chapters In
this .bitter litigation. It Is the third at
tempt to take forcible possession of the
property, and as on all other occasions It
was only a miracle that no one was killed,
as the parties have always been armed
and ready for bloodshed. Twice before
have attacking -parties been successful
and once they ran against superior num
bers and failed to dispossess their oppo
nents.
Attacked in the Dark.
NOME, Aug. 19. via Seattle, Aug. 23.—
Sixty-five armed men wearing masks at
tacked the eighteen workmen on the Cali
fornia fractional bench, above Discovery,
on Glacier Creek, at 3 o'clock 'on Thurs
day morning, August 13, shot one man
and took forcible possession of the prop
erty. Richard O'Connor, the man shot,
was wounded In the groin and is in a se
rious condition.
The holders of the property were in bed
when attacked, and O'Connor was shot
because he did not put on hla clothes
quickly enough to suit one of the raid
ers. United States Marshal Richards has
the following men under arrest: J. W.
Griffin, lawyer; Till Price. Bob Warren,
ex-policemen; Henry Johnson, private
watchman; Frank Price, G. D. Erlckson,
a man known as "Dago Joe," George S.
Canfield, J. E. Ryan, J. Epton. J. M.
Hanson, W. F. Eddy and Chris Tremper.
They are charged with participation in a
riot with felonious intent. -
Finley Mclntosh, ,. who was superin
tendent of the work on the claim and
who was present during the 'attack, gavo
the following interview:
¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
sentenced to death and that the other
members will be punished with death or
less, according to the degree of com
plicity."
"Sworn evidence has been brought to
my notice by General Eiliott that on June
6, Lieutenant Mair of the JCew South
Wales Artillery and Privates Harvey and
Blunt were shot down after surrendering
at Graepan, near Reitz.' I have forwarded
to Steyn and Botha copies of these state
ments."
The TVar Office has telegraphed to Lord
Kitchener as followr:
"We understand j-ou have not yet re
ceived satisfactory assurances respecting
the murder of our wounded at Vlakfon
tein. In view of the occurrences referred
to in your telegram of August 25. we are
of the opinion that you' should notify by
prociamation that the members of any
commando by which such an outrage is
committed, who may be captured and
after trial proved to have been present on
such occasion, will be held guilty, whether
they actually committed the deed or not;
that the leader of the commando will be
LONDON, Aug. £S.— A dispatch from
Lord Kitchener dated Pretoria, August 25,
says:
EIGHT non-union men.~thres of
whom were ex-soldiers,- were at
tacked by a "crowd of men sup
posed to ' be members of the
unions out on strike, at the cor-
ner of Steuart and Market
streets shortly after 11 o'clock last night,
and but for the presence of police officers
in the immediate vicinity they would
have been badly beaten if not killed. As
it was three of them had to go to the
Harbor Hospital to have their wounds
dressed.
The men who were attacked are em
ployed at the transport dock loading flour
on one of the transports. They were be
hind in the work and were kept over
time. They quit work at 10 p. m., and
knowing that it was dangerous to walk
the front alone they left the dock to
gether.
They were not molested as they pro
ceeded along East street, though there
were a number of strikers standing or
sitting in the doorways. The eight men
walked at a rapid gait and did not feel
safe until after they had turned into Mar
ket street.
Once on that thoroughfare they felt
that they were free from danger of at
tack, and in consequence were not pre
pared for the rush that met them as they
started to cross Steuart street.'
• t
The non-union men were surrounded in
a moment by fully fifty men, who darted
from the darkness of Steuart street, and
without uttering a cry. even of derision,
started to hammer them* unmercifully.
The employes of the Government fought
back as best they could, but the number
against them was too great. . They
managed to stay together for a time,
and thus saved themselves- from being
knocked down and trampled. upon. - Blows
were showered upon them from every di
rection, but most of them landed upon
their shoulders and arms.
The attacking party, had carefully plan
ned the attack, for it made no noise.
There was no yelling or shouting from
the attackers, and the men who were at
tacked were too busy warding off the
blows to think of yelling for help. '
The crowd surged backward and for
ward on the street, and It was not until
the unequal contest had been In progress
for several minutes that the strikers suc
ceeded in separating the crowd of eight.
Five of the men who were assaulted
broke away from their comrades, and by
punching, kicking and shoving right and':
left got through the crowd and dashed
up Market street. The three who were
left behind were having a hard time of
It when Policemen Edna and McGowan
reached them.
The sight of the regular officers run
ning swiftly, armed wit"h their wicked
looking riot clubs, frightened the mob, for
the men started to run and In a very few
moments there was not one but .the three
non-union men and the officers left at
Steuart and Market streets. The patrol
wagon was . summoned and the injured
men, escorted by the officers, were taken
to the hospital, where their wounds,
which consisted principally, of contusions
on the face' and head, were dressed. Yw
The men who were Injured In the battle
were'J. A. Hall of 2325 Greenwich street,
Joseph Gomez of 3 Chatham place and
Joseph Strong of 2905 Baker street. After
having their wounds dressed they were
escorted to the California-street I cars by
the police. : *,?£'¦ ' : ' .
Contest Between Two Com
panies Results in Shed
ding of Blood.
"War Office Tells, Kitchener
to Warn Offenders /That '
Death Is the- Penalty.
Unequal Battle Ends
With the Arrival
of Police.*
Dangerously Wound One
Defender of the
Sworn Evidence That the
Burghers Killed
•L X ICUJiCi O.
Government Laborers
Are Attacked by
Angry Mob.
BOERS SHOOT
BRITONS AFTER
SURRENDER
MASKED MEN
SEIZE A NOME
GOLD CLAIM
HUNDREDS OF STRIKERS IN A FRENZIED MOB
HOLD SIXTH STREET IN A REIGN OF TERROR
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THIII^D^
VOLUME XC-NO. 90.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALLSultan of Turkey Studies Plans for Defense and Orders
Three Hundred Guns From Germany.
PREFERS WAR TO YIE LDI NG
TO UNREASONABLE DEMANDS
OXE OP THE NOTED OFFICERS
AND PLACES OF INTEREST AT
LOUISVILLE CONCLAVE.
There is a : strong belief that • more
victims are in the river. .Four more bodies
have been identified at the Morgue. They
are:. Arthur. Lansing, a molder, of Tren
ton, N. J.; James O'Connell, fireman on
the City of Trenton, of. Wilmington, Del.;
Matt .Mable, fireman, Philadelphia, and
August Mablei. deckhand, Philadelphia.
Vi Scalding steam and water" poured into
the cabin, and sections of the woodwork
of ; the boat were torn away by the, force
of'the explbsion. Those of the passengers
who were- not -scarred by the scalding
steam and boiling water were struck by
the'flying portions of the splintered cabin.
Legs and arms were broken and faces and
bodies were parboiled. The water was
only' ; four;, feet deep and many of the
passengers waded ashore. « ."
All of the seriously injured were hastily
conveyed to the hospital at Hollensburg,
three miles below Torresdale. ¦
Chief Engineer Murphy, who was on
watch when the accident happened, re
ported to the officials in this city to-night
that the boiler which . exploded carried
only 150 pounds of steam. Murphy, along
witluan oiler named Bryson,. had just left
the engine-room when the explosion oc
curred, and both are positive that the
boiler did not carry the limit of steam
allowed by law. Murphy was slightly
injured and Bryson escaped without a
scratch. The assistant engineer, Chew,
and a fireman, who were off watch and on
deck, were killed. --
The steamer was launched last March
and was 162-feet long.' • - • : . ¦• --. .
Late to-night two additional bodies were
recovered from the wreck -of the steamer
and were brought, to v the Morgue in this
city. At midnight the city police, who
are searching the river, caught the body
of a boy on their grappling Irons in the
channel of the river where the explosion
occurred. Later the body of a middle
aged man was recovered. This makes a
total of eleven l!ves lost by the accident.
Faces and .Bodies » Parboiled.
: Missing: ...Mrs. John I Matthews,' Phila
delphia; "Mrs: Matilda Cross, Philadelphia;
two children who were seen to jump over-;
board. '•- • ¦ • " 'j c ': ¦ •' \ ¦"¦¦¦¦ - :
¦The injured:. Theresa Rheln, Philadel
phia, fatally;- Louisa' Panschoick, Phila
delphia; fatally. -A. large -number of resi
dents of Philadelphia, Camden and towns,
nearby were. less, seriously hurt- •
J Aflre^and Runs Aground.
'After the^explosion- the boat took fire
and ran aground: To-night she lies a
wrecked and . blackened hulk in the
marshes ! opposite Torresdale, sixteen
miles above this city. Her hold is filled
with water and* it" is feared more of her
passengers and crew may be found In the
bottom of the boat when the water Is
pumped out.-"- '¦¦ ¦ ¦ " ' .•'"'¦
The City. :of Trenton makes daily trips
between Philadelphia and Trenton.- She
left--the company's wharf at 1:45 o clock
this afternoon.' ¦. ' ¦ '¦^Vvrv:
1 At> a point near .Torresdale' the steam
pipe connecting with the port boiler burst
with a loud report. . Before any of the
passeng'ers or employes had an oppor
tunity of seeking places of safety another
explosion occurred, and this time the port
boiler-, was. rent in. twain. .. ; ;; . ' . .
Two-passengers, names' unknown.
i - PHILADELPHIA;- AuSA 28.— While , the
Wilmington Steamboat Company's steam
boat-City of Trenton on Her way
from : this city to Trenton, New Jersey,
this afternoon, her port boiler exploded,
killing eleven persons and Injuring over- a
score of others. Four passengers are miss
ing, but, as many sustained" slight
injuries, It is ". thought the missing may be
among those who did not find it necessary
to go to' the hospital. The dead:
J. D.' CHEW, assistant engineer.
l MISS , ELIZABETH GREEN, Phila
delphia/.,-'{/:'.* ., ' '•;
.Two firemen, r.ames unknown. V"
One "deckhand; name unknown.)' '.«.
Passengers' Struck by Flying
Timbers and 'Some-; Are;
' Parboiled >by Steara. . : ; :.
Explosions on a River
Boat Cause Terrible •
-Havoc. :¦ ,
ELEVEN PERISH
AND OVER SCORE
ARE INJURED
Continued From Page One.
MASKED « SEIZE,
Continued on Page Three.
Acting Secretary of State Adee to-day
received a cablegram from Consul Gud
ger in Panama, saying that there had been
no disturbances and that all was quiet ex
cept that Chinese along the railway com
plained of being robbed by Insurgent
bands.
This information agrees with the mall
advices received by Dr. Sllva, Colombian
Minister, to-day under date of August 18.
His letters say that there is no danger of
interruption of traffic on the Panama
railway; that the insurgents are not ln-
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
IV.. WASHINGTON-. Aug. 28.— Immediate
intervention by the United States to main
tain free communication across the Isth
aus of Panama may not be necessary-
Insurgents are annoj'ing residents along
the line of- the railway, but are taking
care not to Interfere with the operation
of the road.
Special Dispatch to Tbt Call.
Uncle Sam May Not
Have to Land Forces
on the Isthmus.
INTERVENTION
NOT NECESSARY
- A wise man never questions the private
age; of a. woman. : t; ;--."." ' •¦=-? ;-'..: . ¦-' •. ."- .'."-"• f
LONDON," Aug. ,28.— The': "engagement is
oflicially announced of. Helen,- daughter j of
former Governor Levl P: Morton. of New
York, to Count Boson de Perifrord, second
scut of the Due de 1 Talleyrand-. •
Miss Morton to ."Wed . a ' Title:
"September S and C and October 3 'arid -4,
to", Buffalo,"* $57, round' trip. September. 5
ahd:6,' to 'Cleveland,; ,$82.50 round: trip.
• Majiy hours quickest... Many miles short
est.. . r; Best- scenery. . Choice"; of • routes.
jDaily limited -' train' .service -to > Chicago.
Tourist car excursions to both Cleveland
and Buffalo; --613. Market street. ,:¦ -• "
Southern Pacific Low Rates East.'
It is understood, says: the Post, that
there is every prospect of an acceptable
arrangement being concluded which will
Kive the Atchison the facilities it needs
for developing its commerce with 'Asiatic
countries,* and which its officers regard as
seriously hampered- under . present con
tracts for/steamships for California,.par
ticularly., with ¦ the new line in California
completed and in operation. Negotiations
were a long time pending with the Ham
burg-American 1 ¦ Company -.to . put • new
vessels on the Pacific, but these' have not
been renewed since they were broken off
some months ago- ¦ ¦.•*?¦? , v -.-
NEW YORK. Aug. 2S.-The directors of
the Atchison Railway and the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company have under con
sideration a proposal to utilize the steam
ships of the latter company as a connec
tion to the- Orient for the rapidly increas
ing traffic of the Atchison. Vice Presi
dent Morton of _ the Atchison, who has
charge of the negotiations on behalf . of
the railroad, is in the city, but declined
to give any particulars of the conditions
of the proposed arrangements with the
Pacific Mail Company, or the likelihood of
Its being put In '.force.':.;; ¦ -• ' "¦-:.
Pacific Mail Vessels May Be Used in
Connection With. Eastern Com
pany's Line.
ATCHISON' BAILBOAD
IN NEED OF STEAMEBS
. JOe Wolcott and the winnerof the. Gard
ner-Carter, fight, will in all probability bo
the September card. ,The advance sale
for the tight to-morrow night has been
exceptionally, good. ; • : j ./,-.
For the preliminaries :th« .'National
Sporting Club has arranged 'a fifteen
round go between Kid McFadden and Tom
Herman and a ten-round mix-up with .the
work divided between Kid, Williams and
Henry Lewis. '- •
' The betting is 100 to 75, with Kid Carter
on the long end. Carter, by his dogged,
game, persistent, showing- against Jack
Root, made many friends, who are willing
to place their money on his chances with
Gardner. ;Gardn«r has not yet displayed
his ability • before a San' Francisco rin*?
audience, although . his few rounds with
Moffatt on the Fourth of July have won
him both respect and good words. Gard
ner is a 'shifty fighter, with a stiff, punish
ing He is fast and fairly cleveY.
Carter is the thunderbolt from •¦ heaven
Sort.'. ...-' ,- :! :"¦;: : ' - '/ "..-. / " . . '¦'.:* i f
Kid Carter says, he will fight just the
same kind of a whirlwind battle to-mor
row night when he meets George" Gardner
in the Mechanics' Pavilion as he did
against Jack Root the. last time he ap
peared in this city. Carter rather, fancies
an easy time of it, but Gardner nas many
friends and backers, who think other
wise. Both men have finished their train
ing and are* well under the required
weight— 165 pounds. .- v • . : ;
-The Light Heavyweights
Have Finished Their
Training.
creasing in strength and that' guerrilla
bands which have been committing dep
redations in the interior are so insignifi
cant that It was not necessary to station
more than fifty men to guard a station
along the railway. ¦ =v
Dr. Silva's letters indicate that there. Is
the best of feeling among residents of ,lhe
isthmus toward the United States and
that they are confident that if it becomes
necessary for this country to intervene
any" action that may be taken will be for
the best interests of Colombia and not
with any ulterior motive. • -. •
Lieutenant Commander Sargent, who is?
in command of the Machlas, has not re
ported to the Navy Department the con
dition of affairs in Colon. • The department
has not heard from him confirming, the
report that he is going from-. Colon to
Bocas del Toro, but his orders are of Biicjh
a character as to give him discretion ,to
go wherever he may think best, and it is
possible that he may" have received re
ports in Colon indicating that American
interests are threatened at Bocas del
Toro. . :¦ '.;-*": Xk- "- r y A
FAVOR CARTER
IN THE BETTING
HISTORIC BUILDINGS AT THE SEAT OF GOVERNMENT OF THE SUB
LIME JPORTE, AND TYPES OF SOLDIERS THAT MAY COME IN CON
FLICT WITH THE TROOPS OF FRANCE. . -
.Judge* Demattos 1 . says Noyes, should : be
lecaiho"; by, alL means, and the. President
should appoint an' able n\an from ;on« of
the mining States.,;. Affairfi are in a worse
tangle, than ever on. account- of the • de
parture qf the four t r .-
Judge J. P. Demattos, formerly " of
"Whatcom. but recently of the Teller City
bar. arrived on the Senator. In, speaking
of the . Noyes case ". and - the ¦- petition to
President McKinley, he said there -was
no ¦ politics -in it.' -To prove : this, Judge
Demattos said that on the Saturday night
before he left Nome he attended a mass
meeting where a : vote was taken ¦ on the
question' of -having -the President' recall
Judge. Noyes,' and put of 100 persons pres
ent there was , a vociferous aye, and Jbut
one no. Said Judge Demattos: ¦ v
.."The people of . Nome took particular
and positive • exception to; Judge Noyes'
hasty departure and to what ate -now
known there a3 his 'deep sea injunctions'
—injunctions, orders and :¦ commissions
granted and issued after the Judge had
left Nome anvj gone aboard a ship bound
for Seattle." : - . .
SEATTLE, Aug.' 28.— The bar at Nome
has asked for '-the :remaval- of .Judge
Noyes. A petition McKlnley,
signed by .fifty-tour -.attorneys, was for
warded,by the- Senator, which arrived to
day, and it probably will be a race be
tween .Judge, Noyes and- the j petition % to
see" which reaches the President first. The
petition to the President is as follows:
'. -NOME,- Alaska. Aug. 15, 190L
To ¦William McKinley," President of the
United States, AVashlneton— Mr. President:
The'' undersigned, members of the bar, resid
ing and practicing. law : -at:Nome, respectfully
petition and represent as follows:
That the Hon. Arthur H. Noyes, the present
Judge of.- the District Court for the Second
Division of the District of .Alaska,- is vacillat
ing and dilatory, weak and partial, negligent, 1
careless and . absolutely incompetent; that: he
has lost the confidence and respect of the at
torneys of the bar- of. his court and of ; the
residents of his Judicial district; that his
orders and decrees are violated and -treated
with open contempt;, that the interposition of
a fearless, .'competent and honest > Judge • is
urgently required at Nome to prevent further
riot and bloodshed, to relieve the congeeted
calendar, to preserve . . law .- and . order and , to
protect life, liberty; and property. • •.¦-..'
Therefore, we most .respectfully petition -you
to remove said .Arthur H.' Noyes f rom • his of
fice as Judge of the 1 District ¦ Court for the
Second Judicial Division 'of , the District; of
Alaska, and that ¦¦you,* by reason ¦ of the r emer
gency existing,, immediately assign : a .'Judge
to succeed him in this Judicial division.
Special Dispatch to The Call
That the Judge Be Superseded.
Fifty-Four Nome. Attorneys Petition
ASK PRESIDENT TO OUST NOTES
chance for the recovery of the wounded
man it was announced that the men ar
rested would be admitted to bail in the
sum of $10,000 each.- Friends made a can
vass of moneyed *nen at once and' suc
ceeded in getting. the amount demanded.
The bondsmen, are. Messrs. .Corser, Hixie,
Lindeberg, D. Seifert, '., Kettleson, . Cabe
Price, Backus, Tex Rickard, John May,
R. J. Negus and •. N.-..B. . Solner." .
vote sustained the majority report b:
over -200 ballots. .
The jurisprudence committee also
brought in a report sustaining the
grand master in his position that a
grand master cannot create a Knight
Templar at sight, after the ancient fash-
Ion of kings, who knighted soldiers on
the field of battle. This question has been
a mooted one, as there has always been
an element favoring the granting of this
privilege to the : grand commander, who
would thus be able to honor men in the
way universities and colleges confer de
grees upon distinguished persons.
The encampment decided to put the as
sessment of Sir Knights back to 5 cents
per capita a year. At the Pittsburg
conclave the rate was reduced to 3 cents,
as the encJttnpment had more money than
, What- is known; as the- dependent mem
bership, question precipitated' a "hot' fight
at the meeting, of the. convention.- .It en*!-,
ed in the encampment sustaining the:rul
irigr ¦ of ' Grand Master Lloyd. ; Briefly, : he
holds -that -to be -*,in - good standing- a
Knight Templar must maintain his stand
ing in both chapter and lodge. The grand
master: read an, argument upholding. Jtfs
position, and the-matter then went to, the
committee /on ' jurisprudence.,; The.- com
mittee brought in; a > majority. report :ac
cepting * grand "master's stand; In the
matter, •-, but a- minority report , was also
submitted /and- hotly ; advocated /on the
floor. • The ' two reports were finally: sub-'
mitted to * the^. members;, of ; the encamp-'
ment; 250 of whom were i present, and the
-The judges were: 'Captain A; S. Flem
ing, artillery, U. S." A.; Lieutenant' Fred
de - Funiack, Twenty-second . Infantry, U.
S. A.; Captain Charles Suret, artillery, U.
S. A., and Major C.S. Ammel, a' Templar
officer • of Columbus;, Ohio. .;: . - - ;'
; Grand Master Is Upheld. -...'.":¦ ,: "•
-¦ The trophies were of silver and .weretas
follows:" :First prize, thirty-four * piece's,
valued at $3000; second -prize, twenty-five
pieces, valued at $2000; third prize; center
piece, valued at- $1300;, fourth prize, two
pieces (mounted), valued at" $900;. j fifth
prize,; loving cup, valued at- $600.- •• ' - : ¦ ¦: ;
&¦ Ac 8 p. m., in the : horse show building,
brilliantly lighted with rows ..upon rows of
seats occupied by.unifprmed Knights and
their ladies, the 'programme leading up-to
the award of prizes was begun. - There
were «. instrumental music' and. exhibit
drills by the commanderies ' which were
awaiting the verdict of the board of
judges. When this was . read the comman
deries -; took positions according. 1 to their
standing in. the awards. A score of Ken
tucky belles acting as sponsors presented
the prizes. This over, the contestants
and their sponsors led a grand march,
after. which dancing began. .
Award of the Prizes.
The commandery finished one minute
after the warning recall and four minutes
within, the limit. A perfect storm of ap
plause followed the completion of the
final* movement. A number -of beautiful
display movements were executed by the
Denver Commandery before leaving -the
field.
The Colorado men marched on the field
at the Downs this morning commanded
by Captain R. C. Kinkaid of Denver. .They
were second on the programme, following
the men from Washington. The. crowd
ascertained in • a hurry that • the- com
mandery was a crack drill organization
and applauded vigorously. The ' Denver^
men excelled in the sword movements. In
the inspection there was never a per
ceptible movement of a muscle on the
part of any member. The right wheel of
platoons into line, the right by • platoons
from line and platoons on right into line
were superb. . '.....¦ ¦ ;
When H. P. Grant', chairman . of the
drill committee and author of the tactics
under which the contest was' conducted,
opened the'sealed'envelone containing. the
verdict and • ¦announced that the -men
from Colorado had captured the chief
trophy," the applause" was deafening. It
was. some time before Grant could make
himself-heard again. •
Not one of the commanderies went
through the > ordeal without mistakes
which were evident to the crowd,: but ; as
honors seemed about even in' thisrespect
everybody except the judges was in com
plete ignorance as to the 'winners until
to-night, . when the awards were .made
known before an immense through in, the
Horse Show building.". \i ..'-.'
Spectators in Ignorance.
eyes of a board of judges com
posed of three regular army officers and a
representative of the Knights Templar,
to-day captured first prize in the competi
tion for-drill teams of the commanderies
of the Knights. St. Bernard No. , 85 of
Chicago, the favorite with the majority
of : spectators, captured second place,
while Golden Gate No. 16 of San Fran
cisco and Hahselman No. 16 of Cincinnati
came in for third and fourth prizes, re
spectively. California Commandery No. 1,
being the only mounted command, had no
difficulty in capturing the trophy for the
best appearance and drill on horseback.
¦The drill was the feature of the day.
Interest, was intensified 'by the fact that
it was the -first since 1883, when Louis
ville carried off first honors. The contest
took place on Churchill Downs, the home
of the Louisville Jockey Club. Long be
fore the . exhibition began \ the regular
grandstand was filled, and by 11, a. m. the
steps leading to it were covered. A
temporary stand built across the track
was jammed full and thousands of people
were on the field. It was a good humored
crowd, "although the sun was hot enough
to spoil some dispositions, and applauded
the good work and the breaks of -the
perspiring contestants alike.
LOUISVILLE, Aug. 28.— Colorado
Commandery No. 1 of Denver, be
fore an admiring throng of 18,000
people and under the critical
Since our last session a formal treaty of
peace has been entered into between the
United States and Spain. By ninety days of
actual warfare over 10.000.000 of, people, occu
pying more than 260,000 square -mUes of th»
The report of Grand Master Reuben H.
Lloyd contained the following:
The order is in a most satisfactory anil
healthy condition and steadily jrowlnsr. The
present term, which began July 1, j 1899. com
menced -with 114,540 members and closed with
123,108.- The order is In a much more healthy
condition than it was before the promulga
tion of the decision that voluntarily remaining
a non-affiliate in lodge or chapter for six
months would affect membership in a com
mandery, for now every member of the or
der is sustaining it. root and branch.
Progress Made by, the Order.
it knew what to do with. Grand Recorder
Mayo said to-night that there was still
plenty of money on hand and the adop
tion of the old rate had no particular sig
nificance. .
A committee to select the tima and
place for the next conclave was ap
pointed. The committee will report to
morrow afternoon or Friday.
Grand Master LJoyd called the meeting
at 9 a. m., when . various reports were
submitted and referred to- the various
committees. This took all forenoon. The
committees made only partial reports on
the recorder's and treasurer's reports,
but accepted the grand master's after a
few unimportant changes.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, JHURS D^Y,^ AUGUST 29, 1901.
-¦-1111 " v ' ¦ ; '"" "¦- t j r* .-"¦••¦¦'
Before a Vast Throng Golden Gate Commandery Wins
Third Place Among Competitive Teams.!
5AN FRANCISCO SIR KNIGHTS
CAPTURE PRIZES IN DRILLING
VIENNA, Aug. 28.-Tb© Tageblatt
to-day publishes mall correspond
ence from Constantinople -which,
says the Sultan will go to war
rather than yield. to unreasonable
demands; that he Is studying plans for
defense and that he has ordered 303 guns
from Germany.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Tuesday, Aug. 27.
—The French flag was hauled down from
ox-er the Embassy of France after the de
parture of the Embassador, M. Constans,
and It will not be hoisted again until dip
lomatic relations are restored. The staff
' of the Embassy remains here, but there
is no Charge d'Affaires. The French con
suls in Turkey have been directed to
continue to protect French "Interests.
Besides the immediate causes of the
disagreement. It is pointed out that con
stant difficulties were placed in the way
of French commercial interests in Tur
key which contributed to M. Constans'
resolution. All the embassies complain of
vexatious Interference with trade.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
When an old man of 70 tells you
something has made* him feel like 35
or 40, don't you think you would like
to try it, too? Mr. A. Crawford,
Pokegama, Or., says he is seventy
years "young" since he has . been
using my electric belt, that while seven-
ty years have passed over- his. head still
he has regained the firm step and vigor
of 35. He says: "I : thank you with all
rray heart, and when I come to your
city I will show you an old. man, made,
over new." My book tells . how* youn.sr,
blcod is pumped into "old veins*. Reid
it; Dr. M. E. - McLaughlin, 1
702 Market street; San Francisco. ¦}' "•
tie Is 70 Years "Young."
261 KEARNY STREET SAN FRANCISCO.
Who has had the largest experience in fitting trusses and treating Ruptures of
any physician in this country during the past twenty years in New York, Bos-
ton and Chicago, has opened parlors. for a short time at 26$£ Kearny % . street,
where he is prepared to adjust his -Fidelity Truss to every common or difficult
case of Rupture that has b'affledthe skill of others to retain and make comfort-
able. : The. doctor has in his FIDELITY TRUSS the only one that will hold a
Rupture under air conditions, and does it without using torturing elastics, leg
•straps or . cutting springs ; it is "waterproof and cleanly, and permanently cures
a. ; large percentage of cases. This treatment" is universally recommended by
intelligent physicians. rDr. Wray^ fits 1 every truss before you b'uy; after, that he
guarantees it to' hold, or. money refunded. Not for sale -in . stores. Call or writ*,
DR. FRANK \yR4Y, EXPERT TRUSS FITTER,
S. S. S. is the only purely vegetable blood purifier known, and we offer $1,000
for proof that it contains any mineral ingredient -whatever. The general health
improves as the Specific purges the system of impurities, and as new, rich blood
begins to flow in the veins the unsightly sores and other evidences of blood poison
disappear ; strength returns and you are forever rid of this loathsome disease.
Our Home Treatment Book on Contagious Blood Poison tells you all about the
symptoms, different stages, etc., of this disease. '< We will maiLyou a copy free.
If you need advice or special directions, write our physicians ; it will cost you
nothing and may hasten your cure. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO, ATLANTA, GA.
• Now, the doctors '.will tell you if you have ; "*=^sg/
Contagious Blood Poison you must take these minerals for two years or longer;
Srst, a course of Mercury, and when your teeth get so sensitive and sore that you
can't eat, and the gums have a spongy; unnatural appearance, you are told to stop
and'a change to Potash is made. When the stomach rebcb you are put on Mercury
again, and so on ad injinituin, or until the system becomes so thoroughly saturated
willi these poisonous drugs that the most disgusting sores break out on the body,
the bones become diseased, and the muscles and joints are racked with the most
torturing pains. Mercury and Potash drive the eruptions and blotches from the
skin; but the virus remains in the blood and the reappearance of the old symptqma
and the occasional sore mouth show that the poison 13 still active, and you can
never hope to completely eradicate it by this method of treatment.
. ' . S.S.S.is.theonly
"When I was about twenty-one years of ago, or, antidote for *M* de-
elgrhtoen years affo, I contracted. Blood Poison in a strnctive virns and an
bad form, and am satisfied that the rapid progress Lf a i«vu Z^'JaZ tZ.
the disease was making would soon have made me a JjH 311 "" 8 ,. remedy for
life-Ions invalid or ended my- life. As my system this peculiar poison. It
cams under the influence of S. S. S., the sores, destroysand eradicates
splotches and pimples gradually disappeared and soon every particle of the
no evidence of the disease was left. I am now thirty- poison, and makes the
nine years old, and have Been no.signu of it durinsr Mood «« healths p«rt
the past eighteen years. S. S. S. does all you claim rJ^^tjSfS! S«Z
for it. „ WK. BMEKSON; Pevely, Mo. - pure as before the di»-
. . : .¦ ¦" . V ease -was contracted.
ous -medicine- . .
even •when administered in very small doses, and
few constitutions can stand it for any length of time.
Potash produces inflammation. of the stomach
and bowels, and a dangerous form of dyspepsia and
often chronic diarrhoea follow its use. ", <
y^ — *\Hon. Fred Greeley of Marysville has
been selected as orator of, the day and
with him ¦ will come a large delegation.
George L, Jones of this city will be presi
dent of the day and H. J. Campbell grand
marshal. The work of preparing: to re
ceive the visitors is going on daily. Mayor
C. E. Clinch, chairman of the general ex
ecutive committee, has almost been com
pelled to forsake his official and personal
business to give time to these prepara
tions. : '¦¦ > • "
SEATTLE, Aug. 28.— Two men, stran
gers at Teller City, whose names were
Twohy and Tobin, according to the Nome
News of August 17, were drowned at a
spit near Teller on August 10. The bodies
of the men were found five miles west of
Bering, the search having been inspired
by the finding of an upturned boat. Both
men were buried in Teller by the author
ities.
the prizes were awarded. Each of the
competing commanderies lined up and as
the prizes were announced the victors
marched forward and received the trophy
at the hands of thirty of the fairest young
women in Kentucky, who acted as spon
sors. The enthusiasm was unbounded, but
there was an added heartiness in the
cheers given to the Callfornians of both
commanderies. California is unquestion
ably the most popular State in the Union
judging by the comments heard in
Louisville. The Impression here is gener
al that Calif ornians are all million
aires and their sumptuous entertain
ments and continuous receptions seem to
confirm this idea. Baskets of fruit dis
tributed by California Commandery are
seen by the hundred In every crowd and
the gilded headquarters of Golden Gate
is the Mecca of all' Knights Templar
now in Louisville.
To-morrow Golden Gate will keep open
house from noon until 8. Thousands of
cards have been requested by other com
manderies. The scene will be a brilliant
one. On the' following evening an enter
tainment is to be given under the auspices
of California Commandery for the benefit
of the Masonic Widows' and Orphans'
Home On Friday night and Saturday the
California visitors will scatter, most of
them Intending to visit points further East
before returning to. the coast..
Drowned Near Teller City.
j*? tious Obstacles. : '.
' £OTJISVrLX.E, \ . Ky., Aug. V 28.— Golden
Gate Commandery.. is in high glee to
night. In the face of most vexatious ob
stacles andiagainst the finest drill corps
of the United States it carred off the thl.U
prize and received the trophy, a magnifi
cent center, piece valued -. at , $1300. The
scenes at' the drill and the award of the
prizes were spirited and brilliant in spite
of the heat that wilted • marchers and
spectators alike. . California Commandery
is also sharing in the joy, having won the
fifth prize, a punch bowl, awarded to the
best mounted commandery.
The drill contests were held on Churchill
Downs, on the Louisville Jockey Club
track. No better parade, ground could
have been selected. The various com
manderies participating were supported
by scores of home friends, while. the gen
eral crowd numbered many thousands.
Golden Gate was the last infantry corps
to drill, having been preceded by the crack
St. Bernard Commandery of Chicago. Col
orado Commandery of Denver, which cap
tured first prize, performed Its evolutions
with marvelous precision. The indications
pointed to victory on the part of the St.
Bernards, but their commander omltleu
three orders, which took off thirty points.
Golden Gate was hampered by heavy
capes and chapeaux, the rule having been
made that all corps should drill in full
uniform. As Golden Gate had never be
fore drilled in capes and chapeaux its suc
cess is all the more gratifying.
The headquarters of Colorado, Golden
Gate and California commanderies, all at
the Gait House, were thronged until long
after midnlcht..
The most, striking spectacle of the day's
drill,' In the eyes cf the crowd, i was ' the
mounted drill of California Commandery.
With glittering accouterments and
lances the plumed knights swept down on
coal-black Kentucky chargers and quite
caDtured the fancy of the spectators. The
prize, while fifth in the order anncmnced.
ls really a first prize, as there was no
competing mounted corps.
This evening at the Horse Show Pavilion
Is Successful in the Face of >Vexa-
GOLDEN- GATE'S GREAT GT.TTE.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 28.— The war
which has raged between J. T>. Tate and
F.^W. Fratt, both equally elderly citizens
of "Sacramento and both such extensive
property owners that it would be some
trouble to count their possessions, has
been given a new Impetus by a complaint
filed by Tate to-day. It charges Fratt
with defamation . of character, and asks
the court to award the plaintiff $20,070
damages. ' ¦ '
A few weeks ago Fratt had Tate ar
rested for having, aa alleged, maliciously
torn down a~ fence forming the division
line between two lots which they own up
town. The case was fought with vigor
on both sides, but the jury acquitted Tate
of the charge. The glad hand of reconcili
ation was not passed, however, and Tato
determined that ft was up to him to make
a move. This he has done in the case filed
to-day, in which he particularizes that in
assailing his reputation by having him
arrested without due cause Fratt has
made himself liable to the extent of $20,
000. Besides this, Tate would like to havo
the court decree that Fratt should pay
$70 to cover the cost of Tate's appearance
as a defendant In the lower court.
Pratt of Sacramento Breaks
Out Anew. _
Strife Between J. I>. Tate and P. W.
CAFTTAUST SITES FOR
:{:'; HEAVY DAMAGES
The report of the grand recorder, Wil
liam H. Mayo, contained these figures:
Net gain in membership In 1899. 2444; in
1900, 2308; in 1901, 4304, for the year end-
Ing July 1. There are at present 1059 com
manderies, with a membership . of .125,108.
The States having over 2000 are as fol
lows: California, 3556; Connecticut. 2696;
Illinois, 9587; Indiana. 3767; Iowa, 4378;
Kansas. 3361; Kentucky, 2395: Maine, 3570:
Massachusetts and Rhode Island. 13,112;
Michigan, 5850; Minnesota.' 2739: Missouri,
4606: New Hampshire. 2234; New York,
12,163; Ohio, 8945; Pennsylvania, 12,288;
.Texas, 2270; Wisconsin, 3149.
The "report of the grand treasurer, H.
W. "Lyons, showed receipts of $11,069 and
net cash resources of $47,236. «•*
earth's surface, were freed from oppression.
"Where It was dangerous to be a Mason, our
order may now securely spread its humanizing
and elevating influences. The schoolhouse and
the lodge can labor together to brush aside Ig
norance and superstition and teach the down
trodden- people the blessings of civil and re
ligious liberty. "We should indeed feel proud
—as we do— that a Templar was the guiding
spirit In bringing about this bappy change to
so many human beings. • ¦
The sphere " of our .usefulness is gradually
enlarging us. Our labors are but commencing.
We must press onward until liberty and en
lightenment shall Illumine the world : until
every land and every people shall have heard
and rejoiced at the fulfillment of the procla
mation made by the angels at the coming of
him whose followers we are, "On earth peace,
good will toward man."
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 28.— The down
river community of Freeport. the scene
of the annual Holy Ghost festivals and
the seat of a deeply religious sentiment by
Portuguese, is greatly, exercised over tha
case of a girl named Maria Careia. Up
to three weeks ago Maria, who 13 17 years
old, .was apparently in. perfect health.
Thereafter and up to the present she
has undergone periods of a remarkabla
frenzy; during which her language, utter
ed In strange tones, has borne out tha
idea that she was possessed of the spirit
of a murderer, who was himself slain in
Portugal twenty years ago by the brother
of his victim and whose spirit, like that
of Hamlet's father, was "doomed to walk
. the earth" for a certain period. The girl,
while in this state, avers that the spirit's
time will be up in a few months, when it
will leave her in peace again. She emerges
smiling from these grewsome spells and
is happy and rational, with no recollec-*
tion of her strange ordeal.
The attacks have been quite numerous
during the past three weeks, and the re
cital which she gives each time does not
vary in any essential. Her relatives ara
utterly at a loss to account for her re
markable behavior, and even the medical
diagnosis of hysteria will not satisfy tha
Portuguese community that the supernat
ural does not figure in her case. „
In the Bee to-night Joseph Rodgers, for
forty years a land-owner In the vicinity,
declares his belief that the girl has been
temporarily possessed by the spirit of tha
devil, and other well-known citizens give
equally free expression to their amaze
ment and the opinion that other than nat
ural causes must have influenced her con
dition. The family of the girl is of ex
cellent standing and the girl herself has
been a devout churchgoer. Hv*9i
Special Dispatch to The Call. 7
¦ -
Believes She Is Possessed by
the Spirit of a Dead
Murderer.
Portuguese Girl Victim
of a Remarkable
•Frenzy.
AWESOME GHOST
RULES OVER HER
SPLENDID RECEPTION AWAITS
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' PRJESI DENT
Mrs. Baker Will Be Guest of Honor During Grass
Valley's Admission Day Celebration.
FIRE IN CONTROL
OF COAL MINES
Flames Yet Unchecked
in the Cumberland
Collieries.
Bodies of Three Men Lie Un
boiled in One of the
Drifts.
Special ZMspatch to The Can.
TACOMA. Aug. 28.— The fire which Is
burning In the Cumberland coal mines on
the west coast of Vancouver Island proves
to be a worse calamity than has been sup
posed heretofore. Mining experts esti
mate it will be at least two ytars before
the fire can be fully extinguished and the
mine cleaned out and again' placed In
complete working order.
The conflagration broke out several
weeks ago In the underground workings
to tha right of the main shaft, and is be
lieved to have been started by a small
gas explosion in some unused drifts. John
Nichol and two Chinese were in that por
tion of the mine at the time. Nichol was
an electrician and had gone there to
superintend the taking up of some copper
wires that were no longer needed in that
part of the mine. No trace of the three
has since been found. They perished
by either the explosion or • the fire that
followed. . ¦.--.—¦ i ¦-.
When first noticed by workmen below,
the fire was - consuming the oily shales
and assuming proportions that threatened
to quickly destroy the mine. The miners
hurried out and arrangements were made
to flood the entire workings. For several
days. past 3000 gallons of water have been
poured into the burning mine every min
ute. Even at this rate it will take nearly
a month to fill the mine and extinguish
the flre. Immense pumps must then be
placed In operation and the water slowly
pumped out.
DETAIL FOB- THE COTTK.T
TO TET CAPTAIN BRUCE
Officers of the Second Infantry "Will
Weigh Evidence Against the
Accused.
FRESNO, Aug. 28.— The date of the
courtmartlal of Captain William Bruce
of Stockton, formerly of Company B, N.
G. C, has been set for October 1," in Stock
ton. Bruce, it will be remembered, was
found short in his company's accounts
and was placed under military arrest.
Bruce was formerly City Assessor in
Stockton.
The order for the courtmartial was
issued to-day by General Muller of the
Third Brigade, and the detail for the
court consists of officers of the Second
Infantry. In order that the court may be
absolutely impartial. The personnel of
the court Is as follows: Colonel H. I. Sey
mour. Major Marion Pirkey, Major W. W.
Greer. Major P. F. Simonds, Captain
Joseph A. Blair, quartermaster; Captain
Lon Bond. Company A; Captain George
H. Voss, Company D, all of the Second
Infantry, and Major W. D. Crichton,
Third Brigade staff, judge advocate.
Way's Assailant Sentenced.
STOCKTON. Aug. 28.— Samuel Sharp,
who pleaded guilty to the charge of as
sault to murder James Way, a stableman,
was this morning sentenced to eight years
in San Quentin. Sharp fired four shots at
the stableman because of a dispute about
wages. Way was wounded in the groin,
but recovered. Mrs. Sharp sobbed bitter
ly when judgment was pronounced.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS OF GRASS VALLEY WHO ARE TAKING- A
LEADING PART IN 'ARRANGING FOR THE CELEBRATION OF THE
ANNIVERSARY OF CALIFORNIA'S ADMISSION TO THE UNION.
End Gold-Bearing' Sand.
VICTORIA, B. C. Aug. 28.— Jones and
Scott, miners, who arrived by the Prin
cess Louise from Cape Cormorell, on the
extremity of Vancouver Island, have found
black sand bearing gold there and took
out $1100 in two weeks.
QRASS VALLEY, Aug. 28.— Since
their grand president, Mrs. Gen-,
evieve Baker, announced that
she ¦would celebrate in Grass
Valley with the Northern Cali
fornia parlors, the Native Daughters of
the State have taken increased interest
In the -festivities to occur in this city on
September 7 to 10, inclusive.- 'I'he local
parlor is making great preparations for
her reception and entertainment and she
will be accorded a welcome befitting her
dignified position.
Responses to invitations are coming in
from all parts, of the State and at present
it looks as though the accommodations
would be taxed. The largest delegation
will come from Sacramento. The Native
Sons of California and Sunset parlors
will arrive 250 strong, headed by a band
of sixteen pieces. Nevada City's stalwart
sons will be in line with a band composed
entirely of miners. Altogether it is esti
mated that there will be nearly 5000 visit
ors in the city. •:- t ---^y '.
dedicated on September 10, at which time
there will be a reunion of old Nevada
Countyans at Glenbrook Park. Hon. Niles
Searls, Commissioner of the Supreme
Court, will deliver the address. , ¦ .
ANGRY MOB MAKES VICIOUS ATTACK UPON GOVERNMENT LABORERS
Falls Prom an. Oil Derrick.
HANFORD, Aug. 28.— John Kerns, an
employe of the Spreckels Oil Company in
the Devils Den district, was killed last
night by falling from a derrick.
VAGRANT CLAIMS
"BOBS" AS UNCLE
Insane Tramp Tells of
Aristocratic English
Connections.
San Jose Physicians Commit
Him to the Asylum at
Agnews.
Continued From Page Two.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SAN JOSE, Aug. .28.— Is Bertie Wolsey
Roberts the degenerate son of an aristo
cratic family— the cousin of Lord Roberts,
as he claims?, is the question ' that is puz
zling- the Sheriff's .office and the physi
cians who to-day committed him to the
.Asnews" Insane Asylum. Nearly three
we«ks ago Roberts was taken into cus
tody for his queer behavior and it was be
lif-ved that when he had outlived the re
sults of recent debauchery he would be
aJl right. He did not Improve and it was
to-day decided that he would fare better
at the asylum.
Roberts Is a typical Englishman, about
six feet three Inches in height and of
rather slender build. He is about 30 years
of. age, and, were it not for the rather
foolish appearance his face at times as
sv.mes, wouid be characterized as an ex
ceedingly handsome man. His : beard,
which has grown during his confinement,
is brown, while his hair is of flaxen color.
His features are patrician and his hands
and feet are small and well shaped. Alto
gether he is, apart from his clothing, the
most aristocratic looking tramp ever
picked up on the Santa Clara County road.
¦Roberts claims to be a nephew of Lord
Roberts and says that his sister Is Mrs.
Daisy Talbot. wife of Major Talbot, who
was stationed at Malta, in the Mediter
rean. His case is being Investigated.
SAN FRANCISCO SIR KNIGHTS.
LOST IN WILDS
OF MENDOCINO
Vain Search for Prentiss
Hutchinson of Oak
land.
G-oes Pishing on Rattlesnake
Creek and Is Not Seen
Again.
B9*&*1 X>l*p*£cSi to Th* Ci21.
COVEI/>. Aug. a-^A. special mes8en*er
wno arrived here last evening brought
new* of the "sudden disappearance of
PrentlBs Hxttcbinson of Oakland last Bun
t^ Hutcto^ ls oa left A. C. P. Tracy's
£££% 5^ oa horseback to
o£2S e * day ashln* on Rattlesnake
Creek. Isot returning at night the folks
fc*oune alarmed and went to look for him.
ThVL.* 0011 foun * Ws horse, but failed to
poorer any trace of the young man.
Bearchinr parties have organized and
help Is asked for from all nearby towns.
£* P 0011 to " da y T. J. Conley, a noted
hunter, came in and reported having
tracked the lost man down Rattlesnake
Creek for several miles and then up Elk
Creek for some distance. There all trace
lost. After procuring some provisions
V/Onley left for the mountains again.
OAKLAND, Aug. 28.— The family of
Prentlss Hutchinson do not feel any
great alarm at his absence. They have
received no Information except that the
youns: man was apparently lost and that
parties were out Bearching for him.
*Prentias was a. good woodsman," eaid
Bernard Ransome. the brother-in-law of
the Clinging man. "and we feel no great
jnaaety at the word we have received
from that section, A man frequently gets
lost overnight in that country and we ex
pect that ne has merely lost his horse
and had to walk to where he was stay
lag."
UATiTAGE SUITS AGAINST
owzmas op tstiAttdeb
?A.Tn*Tf»»wTK TOko Suffered Through.
the "Wreck Begin Actions
in Seattle,
SEA.TTEE, A.ug. 28.— Nearly two score
of damjugtt cases against the Canadian Pa
ciflo X&vlgBHos Company, In connection,
th© wreck of the steamer Islander,
cave been Instituted here. They will be
presented In the United States court,
¦which is presumed to have jurisdiction.
The cases involve only those who were
citizens or natives of the United States.
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. 28.— The tug Pilot
returned this afternoon with news of the
finding- of the body of "William J. Brace
len. a Hunker Creek miner, a victim of
the Islander disaster. Mr. Bracelen was
formerly a resident of Humboldt, Nebr.
SKAGXTAT-OTTirEAir GABIiE .
LAID UT A SDTGIiE DAY
I"Jrst Message Is Received Over the
Line Clearly and Dis
tinctly.
SEATTLE. Au^. 2S. — The steam schooner
Lafcme, chartered by the Government con
tractor to lay the cable from Skaguay to
Juneau, Alaska, returned to-day at 12
o'clock after having: been gone from Seat
tie nearly thirteen days. The cable was
laid in twenty-four hours and worked
patisfactorily from start to finish. The
first mefsape sent went through clearly
and distinctly.
Encounters a Typhoon.
VICTORIA, B. C, Aug. 28.— The sieam
er Glenogle, from China, reports ha-vlng 1
PDoken the British ship Lawhfll near
Nagasaki. She had narrosly escaped bt
ingr wrecked In the typhoon and her car
penter had sustained injuries which Dr.
Seeley of the Glenog-Ie, who went across
in a rough sea to attend him, believed
would result fatally.
3
iiHlnl IMIHIi HJllWll'Jy IHllWfcJI'WilMiiiMIHnl Im in ii .-. " ¦,¦•¦¦¦.¦ • •_¦.-..
THE SAN FBANCISCO r CAlili, ¦THURSDAY-; AUGUST 29, 1901.
Frank "Waugh . and Michael Tandy,
strikers, who were arrested ; for disturb
ing the peace In front of the teamsters' 1
headquarters, appeared before Judge 1 Ca
baniss yesterday and the cases were dis
missed. Daniel Goodwin and . Fred ' Griffin,
strikers, also appeared before the Judge
on a charge of battery upon John Huston,
a colored '¦ non-union stevedore, at Post
and Kearny - streets. The case ; against
Griffin was dismissed and Goodwin's case
was continued till. to-day. '_'¦' ' :
- .The cases of James Masse and George
Gallagher, striking marine firemen, who
Witnesses Secures Immunity for
Their Assailants.
Failure of Complainants to Appear as
JUDGES DISMISS CASES
AGAINST MANY STBIKEBS
The general . committee desires that ' the pa
rade committees of the respective unions should
Immediately send in their names and addresses,
¦ designating . the chairman, to Secretary Rosen
berg 1 of : the general committee, at room 2C3,
Emma Spreckels \ building. ¦ as • these data " are
absolutely «iecessary. for - the guidance of the
grand marshal. >• The ; committees , are also . re
quested -¦ to t send '". an >'. approximate number ; of
men who will turn out- The line of march has
not yet been decided 'upon nor the position In
the line' of the different unions. ' This informa
tion will be Issued Friday or Saturday.
:v The Warehousemen's Union of Crockett has
decided - to send . a ' contingent to take- part in
Nearly all the unions affiliated with the La
bor Council have so far reported . that - they
have. decided to parade and others are taking
action as ', they meet. -
Secretary Rosenberg Issued the follow
ing statement after the > meeting "yester
day:
Finance committee— W. J. Raymond/ Michael
Casey. I. Less, James Fltzsimmons, ¦. J. Fo
garty, W. H. Goff, Ed Rosenberg, ¦ M. Wille. '
Grand marshal, Michael ' Casey; floor man
ager. ¦ P.- H. Coyle. . '
Literary committee— Walter Macarthur 'a.
R. Andre, Ed Rosenberg, A. Dijeau, . Thomas
Wright. -•:¦¦'.. - • ...
Parade committee— Michael Casey, C S
Straub, L. - Berg. James Fitzslmmons, . M. W.
Coffey, B. Roberts. .
Arrangements for the mammoth parade
of the labor organizations which will laka
place Labor day are being rapidly com
pleted. At a meeting yesterday of the
general committee the celebration was
placed under the direction of the follow
ing committees: . . .
\W. H. Goff. chairman; Ed Rosenberg, secre
tary. .* ..- . ' . %
¦ Hall ; committee— Ed Rosenberg-. A. J. Ray
mond. W. H. Goff . .--
Printing committee— Thomas Wright, A bi-
Jeau, Ed Rosenberg.
-Music committee— A. DIJeau, J. Fogarty L.
J.^ Adams. ¦
COMMITTEES NAME© FOR
LABOR DAY EXERCISES
Work was commenced on the Marlon
Chllcott and the British General yester
day for the first time since the commence
ment of . the strike. Only a few men --are
at work on these vessels and the task of
unloading them will not be accomplished
Considerable work was done on vessels
at the various . wharves along the front.
At the dock, of the Oceanic Steamship
Company greater activity was displayed
than at any part of the water front. The
steamer Zealandia is being loaded there
for a voyage to Honolulu and the freight
is arriving so rapidly that dozens of teams
are held outside the entrance to the dock
awaiting a chance to unload. "
At the Howard-street dock the Palena
and the Leelanaw are loading. Though a.
large number of men are employed on
these two vessels, but little is being ac
complished toward getting them ready for
sea.- ' ¦¦¦--¦*. >>¦¦¦>¦:.'=¦
The vessels that arrived were: Steamer
•Loomis, from Alcatraz Landing, carrying
6200 barrels of oil; Pomona from Eureka,
with passengers and general merchan
dise; French bark Marechal de Turenne,
from Hamburg, with 15,000 casks of ce
ment; American bark S. G. Wilder, from
Honolulu, with S776 bags of sugar; steam
er Olympic, from Grays Harbor, with 914,.
000 feet of lumber; German ship Melpo
mene, In ballast, from Callao; schooner
Transit, from Eureka, with 550,000 feet of
lumber; schooner W. H. Marston, from
Honolulu, with 3796 bags of sugar; barge
Santa Paula, with oil from Ventura; Brit
ish bark Isabel Browne, in ballast from
Caldera; American bark W. B. Flint,' with
sugar, from Kahului, and the steamer Sa
moa, with bark, from Browns Landing.
The ships that cleared were: The Co
rona for San Pedro, Noyo for Eureka
Washtenaw for Tacoma, Gaelic for Hong
kong, Czarina for Seattle, Emilia Ciampa
for Queenstown, ' and the Cymbeline for
St. Vincent. . ;
The fleet of vessels In the harbor was"
greatly increased yesterday by the arriv
al of a number of ships from various parts
of the world. The vessels were all heavily
loaded. There were also a number of ves
sels that cleared, bound for European,
Island and coast ports.
ticularly at the Oceanic Steam
ship Company Bock.
MANY SHIPS ABBIVE
WITH HEAVY CARGOES
Work Is Brisk on Water Front, Par-
The. matter' has been referred to the
police for investigation. The belief In
police circles is that Forest waj captured
by strikers and that he is being detained
somewhere under lock and, key
Information was received at the Morgue
last night of the disappearance on Satur
day last of R. H. Forest, a non-union
machinist living at 1137 Vallejo street.
Mrs. Forest reported that her husband
was employed at the Risdon Iron "Works
since the strike began, and that recently
he received several anonymous letters
threatening him with serious injury if he
did not desert his post. .Forest ignored
the threats, and on the evening stated he
left his home for a walk and has not been
seen since.
Itetained Somewhere by the
Strikers.
Police Think R. H. Forest Is Bein*
It is proposed to start the parade at 10
a. . m. sharp. The line of march will be
from First street and 'Broadway up
Broadway ~to Eighth,' to "Washington," to
Fourteenth, to San Pablo, to Eighteenth,
to Telegraph, to Broadway, • to Seventh
and countermarch to Fifteenth, - where
the men will be dismissed. Under the au
spices " of r . the Federated Trades Council
an entertainment and ball will be given
in the evening at Germania Hall, r The
proceeds of ,the affair .will be. devoted to
the fund f or . carrying, on ''-the • campaign
for the enactment of : the Chinese exclu
sion law. "'¦^HBKtKS^SntSm
Fifth division— C J. Tummy, marshal ;¦ band.
Teamsters'. Union, Flour Mill Men, ; Stevedores
Union, Longshoremen's Union and miscellane
ous.
Third division— M. A. Mclnnis. marshal;
band. Typographical. Union, Pressmen's Union,
Engineers' Union, Machinists' .Union and
Cooks' and 'Waiters' float.
Fourth division— G. K. Smith, marshal; band,
Barbers' Union No. 134, Laundry Workers'
Union and Retail Clerks' Association.
First division— B. H. Taylor, marshal; band.
District Council of - Carpenters, Carpenters'
Union No. 36, Carpenters' Union No. 194 of
Alameda, Mill Hands' Union No. 550 of Oak
land. Stair Builders' Union.
Second Division — George E. Manes, marshal;
band. Painters' Union No. 127, Lathers' Union,
Cigarmakers' Union, Butchers' Union float.
Police under Chief of Police Hodgklns.
Grand marshal, • C. Iv E. Wenk; J. F. Kick
and It. P. Poorman, chief aids.
stration.
OAKtiAJSJD, Aug. 28.— The executive
committee representing the labor unions
of Alameda County met to-night and
partly arranged the parade programme
for Labor day. Every labor union In the
county will be represented in the" parade
and heavy fines are to be imposed upon
members who fall to turn out. . No ex
cuses will be accepted. The procession
will . be arranged in the following order,
Jive divisions to be -under as many mar
shals: .' ~.r :::'-¦
Represented in Grand Demon-
Every Union in the County "Will . Be
COMMITTEE ARRANGES
FOR THE LABOR PARADE
ITON-TTNTOIir MACHINIST
DISAPPEABS FROM HOME
transactions or acts following it, or said to
have followed it — acts whereof I have no
knowledge either judicially or otherwise— that
Is, no knowledge In a legal sense. Mr. Foote
very frankly announced yesterday that It had
been his Intention at the time of the Imposi
tion of sentence herein to suggest that- the
court deal very leniently, with this defendant,
that he was deterred from pursuing that course
and led to pursue the very contrary course,
namely, that of urging upon the court the
necessity and the importance of inflicting . a
very severe jjunishment, by reason of facts or
alleged facts, subsequently transpiring. My
attention was drawn by him to the fact, as
stated, that the purpose of punishment. Is
two fold: First, to inflict punishment upon
an offender and next to take into view the
likelihood of thereby deterring . other persons
from offending. That is true. ¦ but to apply the
rule suggested yesterday by Mr. Foote, namely,
to bold a man found guilty for committing an
offense at one time responsible for something
eald or done, or alleged to have been said > or
done, subsequently by another person would
savor, It eemes to me, in" spirit and- essence
at least, if not otherwise, of an ex post facto
proceeding. It would seem to make a def end-
The contention put forth here that an offi
cer is vested with what has been termed by
his counsel "Judicial power" or "discretion"—
"judicial discretion," I cannot indorse. I
think that h. police officer is essentially a
ministerial officer, and as such is vested by
the law with ministerial powers and with min
isterial powers only. : The very theory on
which our- government rests (and It runs
throughout all the various subdivisions of the
Federal Government) Is that this government
—whether you consider it federally, with ref
erence to State government or with' reference
to local government— is a government of co
ordinate powers— the executive, legislative and
the judicial— and that applies, as I have al
ready intimated. Just as much to the subdi
vision of a local government or a municipal
government, commonly so termed, as to any
other. Now. while I have eald this much,
it is but fair also to say that though a police
officer is never vested with Judicial authority
there are times when he must exercise a dis
cretion, a discretion which must be exercised
In order to enable him to determine Just what
course of action Is to be taken by him in
any emergency arising in the line of his min
isterial or executive duties, and as I Inti
mated when this matter was first decided it Is
but right In every case to consider all the sur
roundings, particularly where the case is that
of the exercise of undue power by an officer,
police, Eherlft or any other. Now I have care
fully considered It In that light, and on . the
other hand I cannot ¦ but think that the line
of demarkatlon which defines the duties of a
police officer in a situation such as 'was pre
sented at the wharf Is quite clearly defined,
and having found that line overstepped I must
accordingly exercise my judgment.
I want to say. too, because it was particu
larly drawn to my attention yesterday by
Mr. Foote In his argument, that I cannot agree
with him altogether, at least In the view that
the punishment to be Imposed upon this de
fendant 1b to be fixed not alone with reference
to his own act but also ;. with - reference to
The court In this matter, as In all others, Is
desirous of Imposing a punishment which, In
view of all the circumstances and conditions
surrounding the transaction, will, according t-j
the court's view, meet the demands of justice,
and I have therefore given it careful considera
tion—considered it in every possible light— and
feel In . a measure that there some circum
stances which ought to be taken into considera
tion on each side.
When the case of Policeman O. H.
Knight, convicted of battery upon James
Maddison, a striking marine fireman, was
called In Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday
morning the Judge said he would deny the
motion of the defendant for a new trial.
He said he had carefully read the decision
quoted by Attorney Joseph Coffey and he
could not see that it had any application
to the present case. He then proceeded
to pass sentence upon the defendant. He
said:
Judge Cabaniss Fixes the Penalty for
Battery Upon James Maddi
son at $40.
IMPOSES HEAVY FINE
UPON POLICEMAN KNIGHT
Continued From Page One.
were charged with disturbing the pea^e
on Monday, August 19,. were dismissed By
Judge Conlan yesterday. When the cases
were called- Clarence Gray, attorney for
the defendants, offered to . produce fur
ther testimony, but the Judge said it was
not necessary,- since the- policemen who
had made the arrests practically ad
mitted that there was no . disturbance, as
the men were only skylarking, although
at first it was supposed there, was a row.
,}?t for strlkIn & Masse on that occasion
with a club that Captain Wittman will
nave to answer before Judge Cabaniss
this morning. -;^-
Walter Reed, av colored stevedore, who
W ?/L. arrested toT discharging firearms
within the city limits Tuesday, appeared
before Judge Fritz yesterday. He claim
ed that four strikers attacked him while
he was going from the transport dock to
a drug, store and he fired the revolver in
the air to Intimidate them. As no one
was present to prosecute, the Judge dis
missed the case.
Yesterday was the first day in some
time that no men were sent to Port Costa.
A number of the ships there are loaded
and will be towed down in a day or two.
The Imogene and the Accaran, having
had full cargoes put aboard, will be
brought down to-day. ¦ . ¦
The Progreso completed discharging
yesterday afternoon. She will probably
sail for Tacoma to-day for another load
of coal. ', • ¦
At Beale-street wharf the John Cook Is
receiving salmon ' from the Santa Clara.
Coal is being taken from the Titania at
Rosenf eld's bunkers and -also from the
Pleiades.
for some time. The captains of the Brit
ish General and the John Cook requested
the Harbor Commissioners yesterday to
remit dock charges on their vessels during
the continuance of the strike. The request
was denied.
As Attorney Coffey was leaving- the
courtroom with Knight, ex-United States
District Attorney H. S. Foote, a brother
of Attorney W. W. Foote, who specially
prosacuted the case, said to Knight, tak
ing him by the hand. "My brother has
been prosecuting you, but I want to say
that my sympathies are entirely with you.
You should never have been convicted.
You are a martyr."
"In this Instance," said the Judge,
"owing to the fact that the District At
torney's office is not familiar with the
material facts in the case, not having
been actively engaged in its prosecution,
I would suggest, Mr. Lermen, that you
and Mr. Foote see to the preparing of the
statement on appeal." Mr. Lermen as
sured him that he would do so. .In"*
Attorney Coffey at once gave notice of
appeal and the Judge then addressed him
self to Attorney Lermen, one of the
special prosecutors. He said that it was
the custom of special prosecutors to be
come lukewarm in cases when appealed,
as they left the work to the District At
torney's office. '
ant situated as this defendant is, to some ex
tent at least, suffer vicariously.
JCow I have stated perhaps too much at
length and somewhat at large, as best' I could,
the thoughts that have moved me In this mat
ter with reference to the sentence, and. the sen
tence is that the defendant pay a fine of $40,
and In default of payment of said fine that said
defendant be imprisoned in the County Jail of
the city and county of San Francisco, State
of California, until the said fine is paid, not
exceeding twenty days, the same being at the
rate of one day for each |2 of said fine re
maining unpaid.
The new electric railroad connecting
Grass Valley and Nevada . City will be
LTTBRICATING OILS. KNSIQN & McOUF-
FICK. 23 Spear wt.. S. F. Tel. Mala C320.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS.
THE HXCKS-JUDD CO.,
U First Street. Saa Fraactaook
T+ PRINTING. '
E- C- ffUGffESi en Sanaozn* et.. B. F.
Pioneer Dry Good« Store.
Fells Ladies" and Children's Hose Be a pair:
Ladles* Linen Sklrta, SSc; Men'n Fine Dreas
Eblrts. worth $L for 40c. at 105 Fifth street.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS*. LEONARD &. ELLIS.
<« Front et.. S. T. Phone Main I71J.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
I i CT rflVPC X- C'\\ Fh!ppln«r Butcher*. 104
ikz- CUIMtttJ- Clay! TeL Mala 1»4
J. C- WILSON tt CO-. Telephone T Mato 1BU.
COAL. COKd AN > PIU l»O.X.
BILLIARDS. POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
M. Germain Bliiiar*. Co.. late Jacob StrahU
& Co. (est'd. 1SSZV 409 Market ft. : upon ln-
ctallm«nt or rented: also beer apparatus.
on Application.
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mallai
DIRECTORY
Free. Dr. Pieree's Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser is sent free on receipt of
6tamps to pay expense of mailing: only.
Send 31 one-cent stamps for the boot in
cloth binding, or 21 one-cent stamps for
taper covered. Address Dr. R. V. Pierce,
uffialo, N. Y.
Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce, by letter, free. Correspondence
confidential Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buf-
felo, N. Y.
"I am to thankful for what Dr. Pierce's Fa-
vorite Prescription has done for me." writes
Mrs. John T. smith, of Slocan, British Columbia
(Box 50). "ft helped me through the long
months of pregnancy and I have a big:, strong
baby girl, tne most h'ealthy of all my three, and
it cured me of a disease which was taking away
all my strength."
eystem.
Accept no substitute for "Favorite Pre-
ecription." There is nothing "just as good "
for woman's ills.
That is the heartfelt cry of many a
toother who sees her beloved child wast-
ing: and fkdicsr day by day. Sometimes it's
too late for medical aid to help the child.
m^~ jet^w^v » j, .¦--— Tt *? BO Wea^t BO
'^i/t^l! lacking- in stamina
j^^^HP^@raPS that there is no
E*$J3*S : & 'OU^'iM One of the results
**&^&L^- y^vi °( thc use of 9 r -
Sfi»J-^^^2<Tf''*2£*^ Pierce's Favorite
S^^rpi.^! Prescription pre-
jffi i ? *- • V: « \ : ' j)'s!% * s ? £tron g> healthy
W^i*' i t : v li' Ik <-/-T^ child. Thousands
/•/ib&'^/T'VVv" »°*" n ? ctilers testify
' li&Iift&x kViX"^ *° this - Frequently
$»T^F->ari 'V-^-"^ motIiers write, "I
jL J% J**sl.f\/* :.r e was never able to
f •' •-;¦;£ raise a child before
P'rVt^ ' £ s fusing" Favorite Pre-
ff^oS&L/l/ ) scription," or "All
fix ; vyC0^ m y Other children
g T V'.-'' J J t >-^*~?~^j are sickly except
this one, and I took
yonr 'Favorite Prescription ' this time."
All the child's strength comes from the
mother. ¦ Favorite Prescription " gives the
mother strength to give her child.
There is no alcohol in "Favorite Pre-
scription ; " it contains neither opium, co-
caine, nor any other narcotic. It is a
purely vegretable and perfectly harmless
medicine in any condition of the female
fig^ -When you see these prices do not shrug your shoul- v||
H ders and have your thoughts on low grade shoes. Re- 9
H member, on our' "Every Friday . Sale" we are offering S
m unusual bargains, such as cannot be had elsewhere, north §j
5 or south of Market street; and money back if not satis- 8
If factory, or a new pair gratis if our shoes do not wear ||
Em 11 - * ui
1 CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' MEN'S BOX CALF SHOES., i
H KID LACE SHOES, extension double sole, Goodyear welt; one «|
M soles, patent tip, dressy ~ and of the, first fall arrivals, to be M
H durable. V - so^ d at $3 : ~5O, Friday only.$2.65 |j
i !:!« VA/ } \" ' ' Illlo MEN'S PATENT . LEATHER B
i Sizes ii J4-2 .J?x.^u LACE SHOES> mcdium Tound &
1 CHILDREN'S AND MISSES' toe, Goodyear welt, as elegant 63
§1 BOX CALF LACE, quite heavy and dressy a shoe as you wish. &
1| and extension soles, solid as a -Friday only ...•...:.... .$2.65 v s|
I T °S^es 8^-ii ..$1.15 LADIES' PATENT LEATHER/. S
W Sizes ii r A-2 91.30 LACE SHOES, extension /soles,, m
i Tjnvc> tat t;<;vtm ennpe + t,» .Goodyear" welt, extremely /sty 1-23
I BOYS CALFSKIN SHOES, the ¦ ish ' ?3;sa Friday only.. $2.65 §1
K best for hard, rough wear, ex- • r ° . ? SB
§J tended soles, rope stitched, like LADIES' FINE KID LACE 1§
ES men's. ¦ - tSHOES, kid .- tip, extended £1
la Sizes 9-13 ............ .$1.1O soles, heavy rope stitch, newest fj
M Sizes \zV2-2 .......... $1.30 shape and style, our regular $3.50 ' f\
m Sizes 2^-5^2 .......... 91.45 value ....$2.65 gj
M All of the above shoes in. all sizes and widths. They g
H are displayed in our windows. . H
H Country orders for above rilled when received not 3
IkautmannS ek& 1AMATEUR ARTISTS WHO WILL
APPEAR AT THE LEAGUE
CLUB'S ENTERTAINMENT. .
Continued From Page One.
..." A. Masuraka, a Japanese cook, : jumped
in front .of a;Haight-street' car. on >Mar
¦ ket street, near Sixth,* yesterday,';, to - es
cape being; run.: over by., a bicycle rider,
and was knocked .down and run over by
the car. The 'iron wheels badly mangled
his; left -leg. He was treated at the Cen
tral Emereency. Hospital.
Japanese Run Over by Car.
ARDMORE, -I. T... Aug. 28.-Great" ex
citement prevails to-day at Troy, a small
interior town, because of an, assault upon
Cora Bells.- 5 years old. Don Petty, aged
161 rSP'l, 0 ' a railroad contractor, < is • in Jail
atTlshimongo on the charge of assaulting
the, grl... The; girl, it is rumored, died
last night at 6 o'clock. A. mob, armed to
the teeth, has started toward Tishimongo
where the jail is strongly guarded.
- . ¦-'. •¦••-•. -,¦-;¦¦ » . - ¦ -- » . . ;
Assailant May; Be Lynched
BAKER CITY, Or., Aug. 28.— A complete
outfit for making counterfeit money was
captured on Snake' River yesterday after
noon by; Deputy States Marshal
A. A. Roberts of Portland and a special
agent .of the secret service" of the Treaa
riTt >i ep i?n <:m . ent - ; E- :K- Coon was ar-
Tf f ed » whlle ln the act of repairing his
&?i^s- An accomplice.- a young man named
Bud Butts,, was also captured.
™ a ?£? i \ a 4? we i. er by trade and a ' fine
S»^ S Ist ' His dles - mI1 »ng : and reedinj?
S3S i ? ar i? P er f e ct. and it is said the $5
gold coins he, turned, out would pass any
where.-Goon has served two years in the
penitentiary for passing counterfeit money
:° regon: He has ™ d *
COXTNTERFEITERS CAUGHT
WITH COMPLETE OUTFIT
--It Is expected that by the time the labor
dlmc'ulty is, settled the eight-hour watch
system so much desired by the-- officers
and, officials of the Police Department
will be uniformly in force. • .;
Orders; were issued by. Chief of Police
Sullivan yesterday discontinuing the
watch from- 5 p. m. to 1 a. m. that has
been, kept since the commencement of the
strike.; In the future the men, will report
f °r duty at 4 p. m. and report off at 12 m.,
when - they will be relieved- by a. watch
that will remain on duty until 8 a. m. > -
.Tcvcarry out. this plan successfully will
require a < reduction , of . the force detailed
for duty with teams and this will be done
as soon as the condition r of the strike
warrants. By means of the new arrange,
ment of watches the entire business por
tion of the 'city will be under police pro
tectipn... - ¦ :.,.....
•: ter Protection.
Chon'ge in Hours Places Business
Part of the City Under Bet-
POLICE OFFICERS GIVEN 7
- EIGHT-HOUR, "WATCHES
Gus Lindstrom, a sailor, was attacked
by a gang, of strikers on East street last'
evening and brutally beaten: •¦• Lindstrom
was about to board the Tropic Bird when
his assailants seized him and forced him
to accomDanv them to a place on Steuaxt
W. Williams 01 17 Broadway, • em
ployedi'as a non-union- stevedore .on r .the
Pacific Mail dock, was attacked by a gang
of union pickets lastnight as he was leav-
Ing.hls work." He was badly beaten : about
the head -and face and a -number of
stitches were taken i In his nose at' the
Central Emergency Hospital. .-
John Nee and James Callan were ar
rested yesterday afternoon for an attack
upon John Selman, a non-union laborer,
and Kate McCormick was arrested *f or
abusive language directed- at Selman' and
the ¦ policemen who made , the ' arrests. .-'
Wood Mansee. a striker, got into an
altercation with two non-union men yes
terday morning at Meiggs wharf and.re
ceived Injuries that necessitated a trip; to
the" Harbor Hospital.
Frank Sweb, residing at 372 Main street,
was treated at the Harbor Hospital for a
lacerated wound of the scalp! 'Sweb, who
says he is a. union man,' claims that the
injury was inflicted by a policeman. •; :
Menne Perters, mate of the ship;Erata,
had three scalp wounds sewed up at the
Harbor Hospital last night. He says he
was returning to his ship,' which Ms
anchored off Powell street; and that when
near the corner of Battery and Lombard
streets he was attacked. ; ¦ , •';-'%'.;
David Cunningham, a union sailor, was
arrested last night on Davis street by Of
ficers McGreevy and Campion and charged
with, battery. Cunningham; "who* aa
saulted^A. P. Heise of 2314 Clay street,
was later released on. bail.' v '' \
gency Hospital to Receive Sur
gical Treatment.'
Many People Are Taken to the Emer-
VIOLENCE IN AFFAIBS '
?INCIDENT TO .STRIKE
Nathan Walter was -well known among
business men in San Francisco. He was
formerly connected with the commission
branch of the Crown- Distilleries Com
pany, conducted by Lilienthal & Co, For
the' last two years he has been in busi
ness for., himself in the north, to which
section he has made two trips.
: The news. of his death was received by
his former business associates last even
ing and they were greatly shocked The
blow came particularly hard to his aged
and widowed mother.
Walter was 38 years old and a' bachelor
He was \ the only brother of Sanford
Walter, vice president of George Morrow
& Co. None of his friends or former
associates could, give a reason for his
suicide. The last time he was in thia.
city was about two years ago.- Last sea
son he came down from the north on the
last steamer, as he had done the pre
ceding season, but he stopped at Seattle
and returned to Nome without visiting
San Francisco. He was in good health.
If he met financial that fact is
nor admitted by his friends. Seemingly
he had much to live for.
SEATTLE. Aug. 28.— The body of Nathan
Walter, who committed suicide in Nome,
was brought down on the steamship Sen
ator, which arrived this morning. Walter
was well known in Seattle, having repre
sented Lllienthal & Co. of San Francisco
here for many years, buying hops. His
body is held awaiting advices from his
parents in San Francisco.
Special Pispatch to The Call.
Henry T. Scott said that he had no.
means of knowing how many of those
who joined the works areunion employes.
He was .told that all of them were old
employes and as a- large percentage of
the.. men. were machinists he supposed
they- were strikers. -".,.',
force of non-union hands at the
Risdon Iron Works was increased by. th<>
arrival;: of twenty, machinists from ! the
East. They were brought over from Point.
Richmond in a gasoline launch and taken
direct to the works, where they were
given quarters in the bunkhouse erected
for the convenience of the employes The
trip.was made in the early. hours of the
morning and" was accomplished without
the knowledge of the union pickets. A
n V*u *u of the men bought 1 their families
with them. .
The working force at the Union. Iron
Works was .materially Increased by the
return of fifteen old employes yesterday.
Several-of these are. union members,'ac
cording to the employers, while the others
are men who went out in May with the
machinists. It Is reported that six ma
chinists are among the number of men
who returned. '.¦¦. .
Iron "Works Gain Accessions
During the Day. » .
Both Union Iron Works and Risdon
ADDITIONS TO EORCES
" -OF WORKING- MACHINISTS
Former San Franciscan
Kills Himself in
Nome.
NATHAN WALTER
DIES A SUICIDE
The arrival of the police under Lieuten
ants Anderson and Martin and Sergeant
Michael Joseph Conboy tended to reduce
the fighting temperature of the mob. But
tbat was all. The guardians of the peace
were outnumbered a hundred to one, and
while able to control the crowds in their
immediate proximity, such a thing as
clearing the streets was . so apparently
hopeless that it was not attempted.
Although the special policemen came in
for the lion's share of the bombardment,
opportunities to assault the regular police
were not overlooked. Lieutenant Ander
. son was struck twice, and the back of his
buggy bears silent testimony to the flight
<Jer. With the rapidity of chain lightning
he wheeled around and before another
rock was hurled was sitting, calm and
immovable as before, facing the attack
ing party, a revolver in each hand and
two alert eyes searching the crowd for a
sign of further hostilities. The sign was
never given.
The small boys did their share in keep
ing up the trouble. Throwing rocks at
"scabs'" was sport too rare to be over
looked, and they indulged to their heart's
content until the appearance on the scene
of Sergeant Conboy, who gave them a
series of heart-to-heart talks which had
the effect of restrictinz their activity to
gathering rocks, providing the strikers
with ammunition, hooting the unhappy
targets and cheering every bullseye.
Most of the rock throwing was done by
a crowd of husky young teamsters. In
the crowd which caused yesterday s dis
turbance the professional hoodlum was
conspicuous by his absence. It was an at
tack on the non-union teamsters and their
police guards bv striking teamsters, and
the latter made no secret either of their
identity or their determination to work all
the bodily harm in their power on the men
holding down the jobs vacated by the
strikers.
Percy Ashcroft, the special police offi
cer, was charged at the Central police
station with "exhibiting a deadly weapon
in a. rude manner." He was released on
bail. ...... . 1
"The throwing of cobblestones must
stop," Captain Wittman remarked last
night. "I do not object to the strikers
taking fair means to convert the non
union teamsters, but I will do everything
in my power to stop the practice of using
cobblestones to intimidate men who are
not affiliated with the unions. From
v?hat I have learned the strikers used
blank cartridges, expecting that the non
union men would become frightened and
desert their teams. Had they . used bul
lets many a disinterested person would
have been injured. I intend to take every
precaution to prevent a recurrence of to
day's troubles. Every policeman that can
be spared will be assigned to south of
Market Ptreet, with instructions to pro
tect the non-union teamsters ~at all haz
ards." • •'¦ ¦ ¦¦
To avoid another attack by strikers on
non-union \ teamsters, Captain Wittman
intends to place an extra . guard of
police in the vicinity of last night's
trouble.
Policeman D. J. Driscoll was treated
at the Receiving Hospital about 7
o'clock for a badly sprained thumb. He
was one of the officers stationed at the
corner of Sixth and Harrison streets
during the heat of the melees, and In
endeavoring to force back the crowd
struck his thumb. He continued on duty
until, he was relieved with the rest of
the squad, i ' ' "
Police Officer Patrick Sullivan, while
beating back the mob, was struck on the
left arm by a cobblestone hurled by one
of the strikers. He. was forced to go to
a doctor's office, •, where the injured mem
ber was dressed.' • ¦ ' . ••.,¦¦-
As the officers detailed on Sixth street
were returning homeward in the direction
of Market street, they had another,, ad
venture which for a few moments threat
ened to assume serious proportions. ' An
Armenian' peddler named George Alexar
had a- small push ' cart laden with fruit
nesr the southwest, corner 'of Sixth and
Market streets. ; Some of .the boys who
had followed the policemen up the street,
expecting more trouble, began stealing
the man's fruit. ; He made a great outcry
and a crowd quickly gathered. • *
The officers started^to drive, the crowd
off, but were met with a volley of stones.
One of these struck Officer W..J.. Cav
anaugh in the back, and two persons
who saw the stone thrown -and the of
ficer struck: pointed out William Irvine
a lad 16 years old living at 522 Steven
fon street, as the offender. He was ar
rested and charged with battery on an
officer. He claims to have been an in
nocent onlooker.*
In connection with the earlier troubles of
the evening: the police arrested the follow
ing strikers, charging them on the regis
ter of the Southern Station with drunken
ness: Thomas Me Ardle, aged 43, painter;
William Grimshaw, aged 36, boxmaker,
and Edward E. Case, aged 40, teamster. T.
F. Rafferty, aged 22, a teamster, was ar
rested about the same time at the corner
of Fourth and Harrison streets on the
same charge: *
Lieutenant Anderson was in a buggy at
the corner of Sixth and Folsom streets in
company with Sergeant Conboy. A dozen
or more mounted officers were stationed
at Sixth and Folsom streets, at the oppo
site corner. Lieutenant Anderson gave
the order to charge, and the mounted offi
cers, with- clubs .in hand, rode upon the
sidewalk, while officers • on foot also
charged the crowd, which sought door
v.-ays and side «strpets in an effort to get
away from the officers. In a very few
minutes the crowd had scattered like
chaff before the wind. Some returned, but
were orderfrd off the street again. In half
an hour afterward Sixth street had re
sumed its normal quiet. . . •
THBEE EIOTEES HELD
i^j : AT POLICE STATION
The mounted police were specially use
ful yesterday in keeping the crowds mov
ing. Mounted and foot, however, they
had their hands more than full and for
two hours were kept busy following thv?
rushes which greeted 'the appearance on
Sixth street of every non-union teamster.
Two horses were injured in the course
of the riot. One was severely stabbed in
the shoulder. Another shot in the hind
foot. The bullet in the latter case is said
to have come from a gun in the hands
of Special Officer Ashcrof t, on guard on
the Farnsworth & Ruggles dray. The
dray was surrounded by strikers and the
shot was fired by the special in defending
•hims=elf from the crowd which after
ward chased him. He fired again at his
pursuers v.'hen near Mission street, but
his bullet lodged in a shoeblack stand.
About 6 o'clock a dray, without any
thing about it to indicate its ownership,
drove down Sixth street, below Folsom.
A resular police officer was on the seat
beside the driver. As the team was in
front of the engine house on the corner
of Shipley street a fusillade of stones,
bricks and concrete was hurled at the
driver.. Some of the missiles came in dan
gerously close proximity to him, but he
whipped up his horses and drove through
the lanes of strikers and. past the machin
ists' headquarters as fast as -the .horses
could be made to eo. ' ' ' .
PART ICTJL ABLY USEFUL
In his direction of several formidable mis
siles.
Regular policemen guarding teamsters
came in for the same share of abuse and
assault as the special officers. None of
the regulars, however, found occasion to
make any demonstration with revolver.
MOUNTED POLICEMEN \
street, near Mission. They then ques
tioned him, and not being satisfied with
his answers, beat him. A * short time
afterward Lindstrom went to the police
headquarters and was given a place to
sleep: in the City Prison. -
John Meaney and William Loutitt, strik
ing firemen, attacked John Estes and
Charles White, non-union men, at Third
and Howard streets last evening, severe
ly bruising them. During the mlxup Lieu
tenant Martin, and. a posse of officers ap
peared on the scene and placed the two
strikers under arrest, but not until they
had . vigorously used their clubs. After
their wounds were dressed in the Receiv
ing Hospital Loutitt- and Meaney were
locked up on charges of disturbing the
peace and battery. t . ., -
BONES OF MASTODON"
FOTJND NEAR PETALUMA
Workmen at the Mott Coal Mine Un
cover a Monster Petrified
,~> . Skeleton. _
SANTA ROSA. Aug. 28.-The skeleton'
of , a -monster :. mastodon has been uri
; earthed by workmen employed at the
Mott coal mine near Petaluma. The
bones have not yet been entirely uncov
ered and are petrified. Many petrified fish
have been discovered in the same local'.ty.
The mastodon probably will be presented
'to some museum. '
At the close of . the entertainment the
floor will be cleared for dancing, which
a popular fun maker, will pass ¦ out the
latest. He has a fine voice and has few
superiors when it comes to fingering a
banjo. William J. O'Brien, the popular
tenor, wiir render some late songs. Dave
Torres and Professor Graeber will furnish
a banjo duet< and Edward Lander* will
play a cornet solo.
A fitting finish to this popular- pro
gramme will be the reproduction ¦ of the
latest version of that roaring: burlesque,
"Quo Vadis Upside Down," entirely re
vised and rewritten by Lieutenant James
McCormick. Mr. Gilson plays Ursus and
has scored a decided hit in the part;
"Tiny" George Shaw, who weighs 250
pounds, will be the fair Lydgia. • .--. -
Boys Find a Small Fortune.
OMAHA, Aug. 28.— Three boys playing
in a yard to-day found three packages. of
paper money ' aggregating $6000. -It is
thought the money was stolen from the
Pacific Express Company years ago.
HUNDREDS OF STRIKERS IN FRENZIED MOB HOLD SIXTH STREET IN REIGN OF TERROR
The other match of the semi-finals was
a. great surprise to followers of the game.
Miss Violet Sutton and Drummond Me-
Gavin were expected to beat Miss May
Sutton and W. B. Collier, but the latter
won easily in straight sets. The score <n
favor of Miss Sutton and Collier was 6-4,
6-3. Miss Violet Sutton played' her usual
steady game, while the. brilliant, but er
ratic McGavln was far off In his play.
Had he played the game of the previous
day his team would probably have won.
The remarkable match of the morning
brought out a large crowd in the after
noon to witness the finals, but two such
matches very seldom occur- in one day
and yesterday was no exception to the
rule. In the first set Miss Hail and Whit
ney ran the score up to 5-0 In .their favor
and from the way their opponents • were
playing it soon became evident that Miss
Hall and Whitney would win. The score
In favor of the latter was 6-2. In the sec
ond set the losers improved somejn their
play and won — 6-4. The last set was a
repetition of the first,- the -champions
running the score up to 4-0 and vantage
In their favor. Miss Sutton and Collier
took a brace and won the next two games,
but the succeeding two went to the win
ners rather easily. The complete score
was 6-2, 4-6, 6-2.
Miss Sutton was decidedly off in her
play and Collier, who is not a very good
The second eet was won rather easily
by Miss Sutton and Smith, who led at 6-3
and won out— 6-4. Smith had his first
cramp in the ankle in this set, but ha
and nis partner won it out. In the last
Bet Whitney and Miss Hall won the first
two games, but their opponents took tlie
next three easily, and with a lead of
SO-love and their opponents about ready
to quit in despair they seemed to have
everj-thlng their own way. At this stage
of . the game Smith got a had cramp in
the calf of- his leg. after which he was
hardly able to move around on the court.
Miss Sutton was forced to do most of the
playing and tried hard to stave off defeat,
but to no avail. When Smith became dis
abled the winners seemed to take heart
and everything then went their way, the
score being 6-3.
Miss Sutton passed Whitney time and
time again with beautiful back-hand
cross-court drives. Miss Hall played well
in this match, but was slightly outclassed.
The serving and smashing of Smith
seemed to strike terror to the heart of
Miss Hall and she was able to do but
little.
Throughout the match the spectators
yelled themselves hoarse and all agreed
that it was by far the best match of the
week.
Contrary to expectations by far the best
match of the day was In the semi-finals
¦when George Whitney and Miss Hall were
opposed to Grant Smith and Miss Florence
Sutton. Up to yesterday morning May
Sutton was the star of the sisters,
but she was certainly eclipsed by her
sister Florence yesterday. The game
put up by Miss Florence Sutton in the
morning was by far the best tennis
ever played by a woman on this coast.
The ease with which she handled Cham
pion Whitney's speedy serves and drives
was remarkable. The defeat of Miss But
ton and Smith was unquestionably due to
the cramps suffered by the latter In the
last two sets. The first set of the match
•was the longest ever played in any coast
championship tournament and after a des
perate struggle in which the losers were
In the lead many times the set finally
¦went to Miss Hall and Whitney— 12-10.
The winners led at 3-0, but their op
ponents ran the score up to 5-4 in their
lavor only to Io6e in the end.
The first mixed doubles tournament for
the championship of the coast came to a
close j'eEterday on the courts of the Hotel
Rafael. The present champions of -the
coast In singles— Miss Miriam Hall and
George Whitney— were the winners. Miss
May Sutton and W. B. Collier were the
runners-up. In the final match play was
rather close, but the outcome was evi
dent from the start. The score in favor
of Miss Hall and Whitney was 6-2, 4-6, C-2.
a "Wonderful Game
Against Winners.
Miss Florence Sutton Plays
Miss Hall and George
Whitney Capture
Championship.
END OF MIXED
TENNIS DOUBLES
"QUO VADIS UPSIDE DOWN"
TO BE PLAYED BY AMATEURS
SATISFIED WITH
HER TRIAL SPINS
SPRECKELS' SALE
OF YEARLINGS
Members of the League of the Cross Cadets Will Take
Part in a Fine Entertainment.
FAIR SPOBTS
AT WOODLAND
Shamrock II Makes Good
Time Considering the
Royally Bred Ones to Be
- Sold in New York
: Next Month.
Crowds Gather to See
Bronco Busting and
Horse Races.
League Club, a social organiza
tion composed of cadets of the League of
the Cross. The affair is to be held in Odd
Fellows' Hall on Friday evening next.
'The programme prepared .for the oc
casion is an excellent one. Among those
who will take part are D.-C. Sheerin, 'the
clever character comedian. Tom Mahoney,
»• RRANGEMENT8 are completed
J\ for what promises to be one of
ZA\ the best entertainments ever
(L j\ given by the members of the
The women's single championship tour
nament, the most important event of the
week, -will commence this morning. The
drawing held last night resulted us
follows: Florence Sutton vs. Alice Hoff
man: Ruby Garland, a bye; May Sucton
vs. Violet Sutton: Mrs. Haslett vs. Miss
Seymour; Ethel Sutton, a bye. and Mrs.
Kincaid vs. Mrs. Seymour.; The winner
of the tournament will be called upon to
play Miss Miriam Hall, the present cliam
pion. for the championship on Saturday
afternoon at 2:30 o'clock.
Up to yesterday morning most people
thought that the championship would un
doubtedly go to May or Violet Sutton, but
the game put up by Miss Florence But
ton yesterday morning changed the minds
of many, who are now of the opin
ion that Miss Florence is the com
ing champion of the coast. She is by far
the coolest and nerviest of all the sisters.
Colonel and Mrs. Seymour, who brought
the Suttons up from the south, believe
strongly that Florence will beat May.
¦»¦«¦» ». .» » » < ... » ».»¦¦»¦¦»¦¦» « «... .,««.., .
Among the passengers who arrived to
day on board the steamer Servia, from
Liverpool and Queenstown, were thirteen
members of the Irish Rifle League, which
will compete with the All-American team
at Seagirt, N. J. The members of -the
team are James Wilson, captain; Dr. J.
C. Sellers, secretary; W. J. Braithwaite,
T. Coldwell, Ernest Donnan, R. Duncan,
F. W. Henry. John McKenna. W. W.
Milne, John Morgan, P. W. Richardson,
Sir Henry Thynne, C. B. and F. F. Wil
son.
man In doubles, did not put enough speed
into his strokes. Miss Hall was able to
handle Collier's strokes easily and play»;.<l
the game of her life. Whitney's hard cnop
strokes seemed to bother May Sutton very
much, and she did not handle them nearly
as cleverly as her sister Florence.
Irish Riflemen Arrive.
Sir Thomas Llptpn was not on board,
nor was Designer Watson. The yacht's
mainsail was hoisted at 10:40, and ten
minutes later the same club topsail that
was set yesterday went up. The wind was
light from the southeast at this time, and
when the yacht filled away and headed
for the Southwest Spit Buoy she was
traveling at six-knot gait. As 6he en
tered . the channel Captain Sycamore
headed her straight for Staten Island.
The steam yacht Erin had meanwhile ta
ken on board a number of the members
of Friendly Sons of St. Patrick, who had
been brought to Sandy Hook by the po
lice patrol, boat. At Atlantic Highlands
she picked up some others who had come
down on the Sandy Hook boats and she
followed the Shamrock up the channel to
the northward. Every passing steamer
saluted the yacht as she sailed at almost
steamboat speed up the bay.
From Coney Island Point down to the
Southwest Spit it was a long stretch,
close hauled on the port tack. The Sham
rock was able to lay her course easily in
th6 smooth water and she passed the
buoy at 1:23. She had covered the. first
half in one hour and fifteen minutes
against a strong tide and the second half
in. Just fifty minutes. -This was consid
ered by the experts to be very good time,
considering the breeze she had. .
After a bit of maneuvering Captain
Sycamore gybed her and started back
over the same course with a somewhat
lighter breeze and with exactly the same
sail that the yacht had carried in yes
terday's spin. This time she only went
to Craven Shoal Buoy, about a mile out
side ¦ the Narrows, and then, turning
around, Bhe made another long stretch on
the port tack to the Spit Buoy, where she
quit for the day. •". .
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— The fourth trial
spin of the Shamrock II In these waters,
sailed to-day, was not attended with any
exciting incidents. The yacht did not go
outside Sandy Hook as expected, but sail
ed from Southwest Spit Buoy to Staten
Island twice, covering a distance of about
thirty miles in four hours.
Contrary to Expectations the
Challenger Does Not Go
Outside.
Other Noted* Sires Will
Be Represented.
Imp. Crighton, St. Carlo and
Attendance Is on the Increase
and Exhibits Show Im
provement
Time— 2:21, 2:19, 2:1S&
Running, three-quarter dash, purse $123:
David S .....1
Limber Jim ; 2
MeFarlane 3
Time, 1:14. Kestine and Jennie Dais also
ran.
Running, half-mil* dash, purse $123:
Corncake —...1
Seemseem 2
Fine Shot 3
Time. -A$%. Pegalong, Galene. Mountain
Dew, Blue Bell, Country Girl and Metford also
ran.
Time— 2:1114. 2:10*4. 2:11. 2:11%.
Road race, member! Sacramento Driving
Club; . •,., .'
Regina % F Ill
Monroe B . '\f 3 2
fansy .• 4 3
Reo ..4 5 4
Baby Button 3 2 5
"WOODLAND, Aug. 28.— The feature of
the fair to-day was the bronco busting
exhibition, which called out a big crowd.
The contestants were William Starks of
Montana, Orln Morris of* Yolo County,
¦William Welch of Red Bluff. Sam Young
and D. B. Gruwell. Two Santa Clara
County officials presided. The horses used
were the most vicious that could be found
in the county. ?
Each contestant was allowed one assist
ant. Morria. the Yolo County entry
made the best time In mounting. The
mounts of Starks and Young were com
paratively tame. The other horses bucked
and kicked from start to finish. None of
the riders were thrown. Morris' mount
jumped two fences; Gruwell's mount
jumped a fence, bolted into the crowd and
knocked down and seriously Injured a
spectator. The decision will be rendered
after another exhibition on Friday.
There was a big attendance from Sacra
mento at the races, the road race, for en
tries from the Sacramento Driving Club,
being the drawing card. The 2:12 trot
aroused great enthusiasm. R. T. Mc-
Greely's mare, Minnie Wilkes, in a race
against her own record lowered her time
from 2:23% to 2:17^. The running races
were not good. Long delays at the post
marred the sport.
The pavilion exhibits are Improving and
the attendance is increasing everv day
The greatest stock parade of the fair will
take place on Thursday morning. Thurs
day will be Woodland day. Most of the
business houses will be closed during the
afternoon and it is expected that the at
: tendance will be the greatest of the week.
The attendance and receipts so far have
exceeded those of corresponding days of
the fair of 1900. -
Trotting, 2:12 class, purse J300:
Anzella • , ...2 111
Iora i 2 2 2
Jack W (threw off shoe) 3 Dls.
LONDON, Aug. 28.— Gyp, six years old,
won the Great Ebor handicap plate of
£1000, one mile and three-quarters, at the
York August meeting to-day, Rennselaer.
aged four, was second, and Strongbow.
four years of age, was third. Twelve
horse3 ran.
Great Ebor Handicap.
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE. Ont., Aug.
28.— The Niagara international tennis '
tournament was continued here to-day.
Ladies' singles occupied the courts most
of the time and two of the favorites. Miss
Marlon Jones and Miss Carrie Neeley,
were successful in their matches.
Scores: Ladies' singles, preliminary
round— Miss Marlon Jones beat Mlsa Rog
ers. 6-1, 6-2. Miss Parker beat Mra.
Spragge, 6-1, 6-0. Miss Closterman beat
Miss Pennington. 11-9, 6-2. Miss Carrie)
Neeley beat Miss Champlin. 6-3, 7-5.
Miss Jones Wins.
Flushed with their success of the past
two weeks, the Oaklands are going
against the Friscos In thia week's series.
They T7ill meet in six straight contests. It
having been decided to play off a post
poned game Monday (Labor day), at 3:15.
Having secured a new shortstop. Manager
Harris will proceed to develop Krug's
pitching ability and the erratic Teuton
will officiate in the box in to-day's game.
The line-up will be as follows:
Oakland. Position?. Son Francisco. .
Lohman .Pitcher . ........ ..Krus
Moskltran or ¦••¦"- --.•¦-.-.
Hodson..... First base Pabst
Streib Second base Schwarta
Arrellanes : Third base Reilly
Kagan... .."... ...... Shortstop Shay
Francks -... Lett field Hildebrand
Dunleavy Center field Brockhoff
Drennan Right field..... Nordyke
Babbitt Catcher Wilson
Games Games Per
Won. Lost. Cent.
San Francises 56 42 .571
Los Angeles 45 45 .495
Sacramento 44 47 .484
Oakland .'.... 43 63 .448
Dudes Against Wasps.
STANDING OF THE TEAMS
Among ! the many thoroughbred year
ling, sales to.be held next. month by .the
Fasig-Tipton, Company : at, Madison Square
Garden',] New. York, September 10, few are
attracting more attention than the Napa
Stock Farm, consignment, the property of
A; B. Spreckels of California. The young
sters from . this , establishment were
shipped over the mountains last year for
the first time and after careful inspection
|.by the critical . Easterners brought most
'encouraging. prices the night of the sale.
On Geraldyn, a daughter of the dead Ger
aldine, one' of the batch' disposed of, the
talented; ' little actress, Edna Wallace, re
cently executed a well planned coup at
Saratoga, 'the filly scoring from a fair field
at long odds.. ..,'. '".'. , ,' .. ¦
Before their departure experts, pro
nounced this year's a . particularly | fine
crop, combining action, bone and sub
stance in. their make-up.-. Eleven are by
the-. Australian sire Crighton, four by
Ravelston, seven by 'imp. The Judge, six
by Puryear D, while" St. Carlo, Trappean,
Eolo and' General' Miles are also lightly
represented. • Beyond question with his
limited opportunity imp. Crighton can be
credited a success m the stud. A splen
did individual himself and possessed of a
marvelous turn of speed, Canace, one of
his daughters, was ¦ a sensational per
former both East and West and but for
his untimely end Catulus would -have
added still further -to (this horse's luster.
Puryear D. a winner over all sorts and
conditions of tracks, • is also beginning to
attract attention through the speed shown
by Pompino and Bamboulla. The get of
his first season won $4245 in stakes and
purses. Ravelston, a young horse bred at
the Palo Alto Stock Farm, was wonder
fully fast while raced and his get seem
to Jnherit the paternal parent's speed.
Flambeau, the sire of Ravelston, also got
the great Crescendo. His many noted
sons and daughters make it needless to
dilato on the merits of St. Carlo. Trap
pean is a young horse bred at the Bitter
Root Farm, Montana, and as yet has had
no opportunity to make a reputation.
Horsemen recognize the fact that at best
purchasing yearlings is a lottery, but
good judges fancied the chestnut filly by
imp. Crighton-Folly, predicting she will
bring a neat sum. A bay filly by imp.
Crighton-Lista Hock is another catchy
looker. A brown colt by imp. Crighton
from Lady Cleveland II; dam of Georgie3
and Catulus, possesses great bone and
substance and cannot help but evoke
some spirited bidding. It would not do to
pass by the chestnut colt by imp. Crigh
ton, from Sweet Peggy, without predict
ing big things for him. He is racy look
ing and bred as he is ought to bring a big
price. In fact each and all of them look a
credit to the State where they were bred.
Suffice to say even at this early stage
they wear a "ready money" air and reflect
credit on Superintendent George Berry.
DOLLY BIDWELL WHTS
THREE STRAIGHT HEATS
Boger Williams Ten Thousand Dollar
Stake Is Annexed With
Ease.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., Aug. 25.— At the
Grand Central meeting- at Narragansett
Park to-day interest was manifested prin
cipally in the Roger Williams $10,000 stake
for 2:14 trotters, which went in straight
heats to Dolly Bidwell. • Neva ; Simmons
¦was expected to furnish excitement, but
the best she could was third -money. — -
* Summary: - - .-.- .•
2:11 pace, purse $1000— Don Riley won the
third, . fourth and fifth heats In 2:11*4. 2:12V4.
2:13%. Reuben S won the first and second
heats in 2:09%, 2:10*4. Devoras. Light Star,
Early Bird Jr., Junrea, Alcinta and Carmelita
also started. .
2:14 trot, Roger Williams stakes, $10,000, best
three In five — Dolly Bidwell won three straight
heats in 2:12, 2:09%. 2:09%. Miss "Whitney,
Neva Simmons, Consuela S. Charley Me, Volo,
Belle Currey. Susie J, Grade Onward, Lady
Thlsbee. Whltewood. Alberta D, Helen Gray,
Janice. Birdeye and James S. Hevlin alao
started.
2:30 trot, purse $2000 — Eleata won three
straight heats In 2:15%, 2:09?i, 2:lJii. Country
J, El Milajnro, Algoneta, Nanlta and Nut
bearer also started.
2:10 class, trottinsr, purse |150<V-Dolly Dillon
won three straight heats in 2:09%. 2:07. 2:08.
Toggles. Chain Shot. Sister Alice, Little Dick,
Wlllask and Cornelia Bell also started.
Los Angeles Votes $2,000,000.
LOS ANGELES, Aug. 28.— By a vote of
five to one the citizens to-day decided to
issue bonds to the amount of $2,000,000 for
the purchase of the plant of the City Wa
ter Company. The advisability of pur
chasing the present 'plant has been dis
cussed for several months. The result
of to-day's election puts the matter at
rest and in the future the city will own
and operate Its own water works.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 29, 1901.
¦will continue until, a late hour. The com- 1
j mlttee ¦ lni charge is 'composed 'of Captain
-• -Vincent Carroll, Lieutenant.' Bolaxid, Lieu-'
I tenant McCormick,' Sergeant Torres and
-iKLevy., - . ' .... . ¦'..- '-'',. ¦¦ ' ,',.
4
All sorts of 6torea sell it, especially
druggists; all sorts of people use it.
trust a soap that, has no
biting- alkali in it. V: ¦ ; >
Pears' is pure; no free
alkali. There are a thou-
sand virtues of soap; this
one is enough. , You can
What is wanted of soap
for the skin is to wash it
clean and not hurt lit
Pure soap does that. This
is why we want pure soap;
and when we say pure,
we mean without alkali.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
1^?^^ - A- GOOD -FRIEND- 5-^ -ffe|$r
-A* GOOD -CIGAR. •-• - - Y $j®i&
iitfil - MAKE/WPPINESS ¦•• • ¦• - WmM
|J||l|j - REGARD T0*A FRIEND * *fMl$k
ggjill -BVT-TfiS-CIG/^K-NEEDWEMKiTHE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY- AUGUST 29, 1901.
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and ' the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except' when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. . The heights given are in
addition; to 'the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey, charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and- then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
The date of the real examination for
applicants for teachers' ¦ positions 'was
changed from September. 23 to September
13, and the competitive examination fixed
for October 5, 1901. , -
The board set next Tuesday at 10 o'clock
a. m. for. the hearing of the charges
brought against Miss Jean A. Dwyer,
teacher In the Sherman School. Superin
tendent "Webster reported that he had
investigated the charges made by the
Misses - Barlow and Hurley, principals,
and that a letter sent by the last named
gave "no 'additional fact, but simply re
iterated a former request for the transfer
of Miss Dwyer; also that the allegations
contained in the Barlow- letter had
already been Investigated by a previous
board, .resulting.in Miss Dwyer's exoner
ation. , . •• .' . .'•- ¦ r, j
' The . charges, made by Principal Albert
Lyser of the John Swett School against
one of his teachers were referred to the
Superintendent for investigation.
The president and secretary of the board
were authorized to execute a lease of the
lot on Seventh and Harrison streets to be
used as a playground.-
Leave of absence was granted for one
year to Miss Emily P. Rhine.
Superintendent "Webster was allowed an
additional appropriation of $500 for the
purchase of books for poor pupils.
After eome discussion a resolution was
adopted in which the City Attorney was
requested to give an opinion as to whether
when a teacher is elected to the school
department she is thereby bound by con
tract to observe the rules and regulations
with special 'reference . to the . rule which
reads that "..Whenever; a. female teacher
marries,' her -position thereby becomes
vacant." v - ' , ¦
A- former, opinion of -the City Attorney
and a Superior . Court decision both hold
that when a teacher marries she cannot
for that reason be found fpillty of unpro
fessional • conduct •. or ; - incapacitated for
teaching, - and therefore'may not be re
moved. The case has been appealed, but
the board, fearing thai the Supreme Court
will uphold the lower court, -is endeavor
ing to oust the offending .pedagogues on
the ground that they; have violated a
contract. ': j ¦ ¦. . " ;
The Board of Education ia evidently
bent on getting rid of all female teachers
¦who have married during its regime. At
yesterday's meeting President Kincaid re
ported that six teachers who had married
were still holding 1 their positions in the
department. •
Board Sets a Day I for Hear
ing Charges Against
Miss Dwyer.
School Directors Plan to
Remove Them From
the Service.
MARRIED TUTORS
NOW IN DANGER
Chicago has an automobile transfer
company, used in carrying- baggage and
the lighter kind of freight. »
Eranch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' exchange, San Francisco, Cal.,
August 28. 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
C. G. CALKINS,
. Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N., In charge.
Time Ball.
TO SAIL,.
FROM SEATTLE.
NOTE— The high and ; low .waters occur -at
the city front (Mission-street ,- wharf) about
twenty-five I minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both; places.
United States Coast and "' Geodetic '7 Survey-
Times, and Heights -of High and Low
• Waters at : Fort Point, entrance . to San
'. Francisco Bay.' , Published ¦ by •, official : au
thority of the Superintendent. - ~, ., •• -
Sun, Moon and Tide.
THURSDAY, AUGUST 29.
Sun -; rises . . '. .................... ; ........ . . ...'.. 6 :37
Run sets ...;.... .........'.............. •„.. ;.... 6:44
Moon rises (full) .' ..0:00.p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the ¦ tides
Troubles of the Senator.
The old wooden bark Senator . Is . back
again, on Puget Sound. She -sailed "April
21 from Chemalnus, ' B. C, for Liverpool,
but put In at Hilo early In. July leaking.
She was patched up and another j start
made for,, England. Fhe sprang- aleak
again and this time Captain Harrison ran
back for the Sound, j The Senator Is now
at Victoria. B. C, and the chances are
that she- will remain there. The Senator
was built-in Nova Scotia in 1878 and. has
been under both the .-English' and Amer
ican flags. Last year. she started from
To Join at Honolulu— F. C. Cosby. S. Lopez,
C. H. C. Moller. T. T. Patterson, Flske War
ren, D. J. . Wallace. - . ,
For Shanghai— R. J. Cain, W. Carlson, Mrs.
A. Colton, Miss K, Hykes, F. Du Jardln. T.
Pemberton, Mrs. T. Pemberton. Miss E/M.
Porter. Rev. J. E. Skinner, Mrs. J. E. Skinner
and two children, E. Thierry, Mrs. E. Thierry.
For Hongkong — Mrs. M. B. Buford, . Henry
Burk Jr., Mrs. Henry Burk.'H.'P. Colfelt, Mrs.
F. C. Cosby, H. E. Crowley, Mrs. H. E. Crow
ley, Mrs. E. C. Hall. F.. L. Hemming, F. A.
Howe, Mrs. F. G. Kerston and daughter. Dr.
P. Krieg, Mrs. P. Krieg, W. M. Manuel. Mrs.
W. M. Manuel, R. C. Jones, Miss A. H. Ruther
ford, A. A. B. Schmerker. Mrs. A. Simpson, E.
C. Stowell. Miss B. Tyson, J. L. . Upham, L.
M. Werts. ¦ .
For Kobe— E. A.' Sargent, S. J. Speak.
Th9 Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company's Gaelic got away for the Orient
yesterday on time. She took, away.'an
unusually large cargo,.among which/was
a quantity of flour. • A crowd of Chinese
went away in the steerage and the fol
lowing passengers in. the cabin: ;
For Yokohama — T. Fukuda, Mrs. F. M." Rus
sell.
Steamship Gets - Away on Time.
Occidental and Oriental Company's
DEPARTURE OF THE GAELIC.
Aug 2, lat, Vs.- Ion 38 W— Br bark Harold,
from Tacoma. for Queenstown. -¦:. •
: Per S G .Wilder— Aug 27;. 30 miles W of
. Aug 4, lat 15 S, Ion . 16 W— Br ship Sierra
Blanca from London, for San Diego;- ; • v
. July 19, lat 7 N. Ion 24 W-Br ship Anrlesey,
Point Reyes, four-masted lrqn shin; also a
bark flight), bound to San" Francisco. :
from ¦ Swansea, for San Francisco. 1 ' •'•-*•>.
% Per schr • W H ;• Marston— Aug 22, lat 38 ' N,
Ion ¦ 140 20 W— Schr Meteor, ¦ from San " Pedro,
SPOKEN.
Per US stmr- Hancock— Aug 28, while "com
ing to anchor off Melggs wharf, . lost anchor
and chain. Had one death on voyage. : t
Per" stmr Empire, from sea Aug 28— On Aug
21 at 11:30 p m, 28 miles SW of Trinidad,- the
main shaft broke. Drifted until . Aug 2«, , 2
a m, lat 41 26 N, Ion 124 40 W, when we were
picked up and taken In tow by ¦ stmr ¦ Grace
Dollar and towed to . San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM,
POINT LOBOS, Aug ' 28, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind NW, velocity. 20 miles per hour. .
TELEGRAPHIC.
Wednesday, August 28.
' Stmr Washtenaw, Zolllngr, Tacoma.
Stmr Czarina, Seaman, Seattle.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, San Pedro, • »
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fopen. San Pedro.
Stmr Argyll, Gllboy, Panama.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Bragg. .
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu. • .
SAILED.
Wednesday, August 28.
Br stmr Gaelic, Finch, Hongkong and Yoko
hama, via Honolulu; O & O SS Co. • ,
Br stmr Cymbeline, Smyth, ,St Vincent; Ep
plneer & Co. >¦¦-¦¦¦ ¦•'..¦¦ -:
CLEARED.
• Stmr Emplra. Macgenn, from sea. hence Aug
19 for Ccos Bay; returned on account of break
ing main shatt.
Stmr Samoa, Hansen, 12 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Stmr Olympic, Hansen, S% days from Grays
Harbor.
U S stmr Hancock, Struve, 22 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 16 days.' ¦
Ger ship Melpomene, Dreler, 48 days from
Callao. ¦ ' %
Bark W B Flint, Johnson, 28 days from Ka
hulul. . .
Fr bark.Marechal de Turenne, Pannerer, • 123
days from Hamburg, via Havre.
Br bark Isabel Browne, Jones, 65 days from
Caldera. .
Bktn S G Wilder, * Jackson, 19 days from
Honolulu. • ' .
Barge Santa Paula, McGovern, 31 hours from
Ventura.
Schr Transit, Poulson, 3 days from Eureka.
Schr W H Marston, Curtis, 23 days from
Honolulu.
Schr John A, Nllsson, 8 days from Grays
Harbor. - "
Sttnr Pomona, (Shea, ; 18 hours from Eureka.
' Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen, — hours . from
Grays Harbor; bound to San Pedro; put In
with etmrs Empire and Olympic In tow.
"Wednesday, August 28.
Etmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, 32 hours from
Alcatraz Lauding.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED;
The steamer Gaelic sailed yesterday for China
and Japan with a general cargo valued at
{223,339. manifested and destined as follows:
For China, $167,452; ' Japan, M3.009; Manila,
$7315; East Indies, $2051; Corea, J2S12; Vladi
vostok, $760. The principal exports were as
follows:
To China— 1100 lbs abalone meat, 2C0 cs bottled
beer, 45S7 lbs cheese, 260 cs canned goods, 29
pkgs dry goods, 1275 bales domestics, 1570 bales
drlll3 and sheetings, C25 lbs dried fruit, 15,520
bbls flour, 91 cs drugs, 672 pkgs groceries and
provisions, 390 bxs fruit, 4493 lbs ham and
bacon, 4 cs hardware, 20 crs onions, 209 pkgs
paints and oils, 600 lbs dried peas, 10 cs paste,
100 rolls roofing, IS cs rubber goods, 27 cs Bal
mon. 3 cs 183 gals wine, 1380 bdls wire. * ¦ '
To Japan— 16 crs bicycles and sundries, ' 1S01
lbs bread. 48 cs . canned goods, 305 bales raw
cotton, 3 cs dry goods, 7 cs drugs, 1000 lbs
dried fruit, 175 pk&s groceries and provisions,
1250 bbls flour. 987 lbs ham and bacon, 6 bales
hay, 18 rolls leather, 210 lbs lard, 42 pkgs ma
chinery; leoO kegs wire nails. 978 lbs oats, 108
bbls bark extract. 34 cs rubber good3, . 900 ' lbs
sugar. 303 cs soap, IS cs whisky. > v .
To Manila— 11 pkgs machinery, 150 pkgs bot
tled beer, 3 rolls leather, 3 cs electrical sup
plies, 6 cs hardware, 1 cs wine, 11 cs dry goods,
18 pkgs groceries and provisions, . BO cs canned
goods, 13 cs shoes, 2 crs bicycles. 2 safes.
To East Indies — 16 gals wine. 281 cs salmon.
235 cs canned goods, 100 lbs dried fruit, 2 cs
honey. , '
To Korea— 138 pkgs groceries and provisions,
238 cs canned goods, 55 bbls Hour, 427? lbs ham
and bacon, 26S lbs cheese, 1 cs dry goods, 1 cs
drugs. ,
To Vladivostok— 20 cs canned goods, 11 cs dry
goods, 4 crs carts, 3 crs' furniture.
A Cargo for the Orient.
The British steamer Cymbellne cleared yes
terday for St. Vincent for orders with 103,915
ctls barley, valued at $92,081, and 100,000 feet
lumber as dunnage, valued at $lS00.
Shipment "of Barley.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The Aloha will load merchandise here for
Honolulu; the Esther Buhne, lumber at Eu
reka for same port; the Martha Davis, mer
chandise here for Hilo; the British steamer
Oceano, 'lumber at Portland for China; the
Savernake, wheat here for Europe. 37s, and
the Vaseo da Gama, same, 36s . 3d, both char
tered prior to arrival; the Servla, lumber on
Puget Sound for Sydney, . 41s, with the usual
options, rrior to arrival.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN. U
"Water Front Notes.
The Harbor Commissioners held a short
session yesterday and passed a number of
bills. Captain Quayle of the John Cook
and Captain Thomas of the British Gen
eral asked that the charge for dockage
during the strike be remitted. The re
quest was refused.
Captain Xelson of the Annie Johnson
has been transfered to the ship Marion
Chilcott. The latter vessel is loading for
Hilo.
The schooner Confienra was sold to H.
C Lassen yesterday. She will be kept
in the lumber trade.
Captain Wallace of the Sea King is not
acting as second mate of the Emily Reed.
He came here on the'Mariposa and is go
ing back to Honolulu to answer the
charges made against him by his sailors.
The new schooner Samar is to be
launched from Hay & Wright's yards on
Saturday. She has been built for the
coast trade and will be managed by San
ders & Kirehman.
Among the arrivals yesterday were the
Marechel de Turenne from Hamburg, the
Melpomene from Callao and the Isabel
Browne from Caldera. All of them are
under charter to load wheat for Europe.
The-W. B. Flint, the S. G. Wilder and th«
TV. H. Marston all arrived from the
islands with sugar.
The report of the schooner Mary and Ida
in regard to the probable loss of the Arago
Is probably Incorrect. The captain of the
barkentine Fremont reports that July 27
he was aboard the Arago and that she
then had 52,000 codfish. She was a long
distance from the reported wreck and it
could not have been her that was ashore.
Some of the^ captains of the codfishlng
fleet think it may be the schooner Enter
prise that Is ashore. She left- Nome for
San Francisco and -was to call at points In
the Aleutian group on a prospecting trip.
She is a very similar vessel to the Arago
and could easily be mistaken for her.
Schooner Arago Safe.
Mr. -Hull Is chairman of the - Military
Committee of the House of Representa
tives. ' . ' ; . .
The Hancock lost an anchor and chain
off Melggs Wharf. The Slocum will proD
ably recover them to-day.
Colonel C. C. C. Carr, Fourth Cavalry, U.
S. A. ; Lieutenant Colonel J. A. Auger, Fourth
Cavalry. U. S. A.; Lieutenant Colonel Charles
Morton. Eight Cavalry, with Fourth Cavalry;
Major F. A. Edwards. Fourth Cavalry, U. S.
A.; Chaplain R. W. Springer, Fourth Cavalry,
U. S. A.; Captains G. H. G. Gale, H. C. Ben
son, G. H. Cameron, G. O. Cress, J. B. Hughes,
L. C. Scherer. John O'Shea, Fourth Cavalry,
U. S. A.; First Lieutenant C. B. Millheaf, as
sistant surgeon, with Fourth Cavalry; First
Lieutenants, G. W. Moses. H. A. Slevert. P.
T. Arnold. G. V. Henry Jr., C. B. Haight.
J. J. Boniface, C. D. Dudley. S. A. Purviance,
Douglas McCaskey. P. O. Whitlock, F. W.
Hershler. L. R. Holbrook, Fourth Cavalry,
U. S. A.; Second Lieutenant A. J. Mohn,
Fourth Cavalry. U. S. A.; Veterinarian A.
Plummcr, Fourth Cavalry. U. S. A.; First
Lieutenant W. Dean, Fifteenth Cavalry, with
Fourth Cavalry: Second Lieutenant W. K.
Pope. Second Cavalry, with Fourth Cavalry;
J. F. Leeper, acting assistant surgeon, with
Fourth Cavalry; Lieutenant Colonel J. F.
Strorch, Major G. H. Roach, Captain Thomas
L. Smith. Lieutenant A. C. Knowles. Twenty
eighth Infantry. U. S. A.; Colonel A. S. Burt,
"Twenty-fifth Infantry. U. S. A. ; Major G. K.
Hunter. Captain M. A. Batson. Fifteenth Cav
alry, U. S. A. ; Major Harry O. Perley, surgeon,
U. S. A.; Lieutenant H. S. Kerrick, artillery
corps, U. S. A.: Lieutenant W. E. Bennett,
Thirteenth Infantry. U. S. A.; Lieutenant R.
C. Langdon. Third Infantry. U. S. A.; Captain
R. W. Rose. Twenty-first Infantry, U. S. A.;
Lieutenant J. J. Teffey Jr., Fourth Infantry.
U. S. A. ; Captain E. B. Ives, signal corps.
V. B. A.: Captain Thomas H. Slavens. as
sistant quartermaster. U. S. A. ; Lieutenant
Colonel O. J. Sweet, Thirty-first Infantry, U.
S. A.; Lieutenants W. F. Gwynne, J. L.
Hemsted. Thirty-sixth Infantry, U. S. Vols.;
Lieutenants E. H. Andres, H. D. Blasland,
Thirtieth Infantry. V. S.- Vols. ; Captain W.
Lee Cappa. Forty-fifth Infantry. U. S. Vols.;
Colonel Alex Moore. . y. S. A. (retired) ; Mrs.
J. J. Boniface, wife of Lieutenant Boniface,
Fourth Cavalry: Mrs. C. W. Mead, wife of. Cap
tain Mead. Thirty-sixth Volunteer 'Infantry;
Mrs. T. H. Slavens. wife of Captain filavens.
assistant quartermaster, U. S. A. ; Mrs. Thomas
L. Smith, wife of Captain Smith, Twenty
sixth Infantry: Mrs. W. F. Gwynne, wife of
Lieutenant Gwynne. Thirty-sixth Volunteer In
fantry: J. V. Knight. Mrs. J. V. Knight; D.
"W. Riley. clerk customs service; I>. H. Rhodes,
superintendent United States burial corps;
Reginald Pope, son of Colonel Pope. U. % S. A.;
Hon. J. A. T. Hull and wife. Mrs. J. A. Auger
and daughter, Mrs* G. O. Cress and . two chil
dren and Mrs. M. A. Batson and two children.
The Hancock brought three Filipinos,
who are on their way to the Simpson Col
lege at Des Moines. Iowa. They were
sent over by Dr. Fred W. Atkinson. Su
perintendent of Education in the Philip
pines, and will depart for the East this
week. Several of the Hancock's passen
gers remained at Nagasaki, among them
being Captain McMullen, formerly staff
officer with Generals Bell and Funston;
Major F. Taylor of the Fifteenth Infantry,
Major H. O. Perley, LAoutenant L. Welch
and wife and Captain J. N. N. Phillpps.
The cabin passengers on ; the Hancock
were:
f> i u s3 HE army transport Hancock ar-
I rived from Manila, via Nagasaki,
I yesterday after a good run of flf-
JX teen daj-s twenty-two hours from
the latter place. She brought back
with her S3S enlisted men of the Fourth
Cavalry, 120 discharged soldiers, 33 dis
charged civilian employes of the Govern
ment, 3S casuals, 8 prisoners and 8 stowa
ways. On Tuesday evening Fred Massi
cott, a private of Troop F, died. His body
was embalmed and brought into port.
The transport Dix (ex Samoa), which left
Nagasaki three days after the Hancock,
has the remains of 313 soldiers aboard.
Troop B of tlfe Fourth Cavalry was left
behind owing to a case of smallpox hav
ing appeared among the men. The Fourth
Cavalry was for years at the Presidio and
went to the Philippines in May, 1898.
Colonel Rucker was then in command and
there were about 500 San Francisco boys
under him. Since then Colonel C. C. O.
Carr has succeeded Colonel Rucker and
the San Francisco boys have either been
discharged or invalided home until there
are very few of them left in the regiment.
Two squadrons of the men are to be sent
to the Department of the Columbia and
one squadron to the Department of Cali
fornia.
NEW YORK— Sailed Aujr 28— Stmr Sardinian,
for Glasgow; stmr St Paul, for Southampton;
stmr Teutonic, : for Liverpool; stmr Frlesland,
for Antwerp.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Aug 28— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Aue 28— Stmr Glentur
ret. for Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN — Sailed Aujr 28 — Stmr Iver
nla, from Liverpool, for Boston.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Aug 28— Stmr Kai
serin Maria Theresa, from Bremen, for New
York. ¦• '
OCEAN STEAMERS,
PANAMA— Sailed Aug 28— Br stmr Victoria,
for Oyster Harbor. " -C : _"
OYSTER HARBOR— Sailedr Aug 27— Stmr
Chlco, for Santa Barbara. . '
CORONEL— Arrived Aug 24— Br stmr Kin
tuck, from Tacoma . . . - • * : . ¦
SHANGHAI— Sailed Auk -24— Br stmr Tang
Tse. for Seattle. . ¦ ..'
SYDNEY— Arrived prior to Aug 27— Stmr
Sierra, hence Aucr 1. . ."-
USHANT— Passed Aue' 15— Ger stmr Totmes,
from Hambure. for San •' Francisco. . Aug 27 —
Ger stmr Denderatv hence May 14, for Ham
bun:. .
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aug 28— Br bark
Fresno, from Portland. Or.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Aug I 23— Jap stmr
America Maru. hence Auk 10.' • -¦
VICTORIA — Arrived Auir 27 — Br stmr Em
press of India, from Hongkong. .
Arrived Aug 2S— Br stmr Glenogle, from
Honekon*.
NANAIMO— Sailed Aug 27— Stmr Ban Mateo,
for Port Los Anireles. , '.
Arrived Aue 25— Br stmr Milton, hence Au-
BUSt 18. . ' . .
FOREIGN PORTS.
EUREKA- Arrived Aus 2S— Stmr North Fork,
hence Aug: 26; stmr Eureka", hence Aug 27;
Nor bark Ursus Minor, from Apia. ¦
SAN PEDRO-Salled Aue 28— Schr C S
Holmes, for Port Townsend; schr Ida McKay,
for Eurelca. ".--•' . -
Arrived Aue 2S— Stmr Alcazar, from ;
schr II D Bendixen, from Grays Harbor; schr
Alvena, from Tacoma. ¦ .-.;.. .
ORCA— Arrived Aug 17— Stmr Valencia, from
Nome. - ¦ - - T --• ' - *.
Sailed Auk 13 — Bark Kresno, v for San Fran-
NEAH BAY— Passed in Aug 28— Bark Albert,
from Honolulu, for Seattle. ...¦.:: .
SEATTLE— '¦ Arrived Aug 2S— Stmr Senator,
from Nome; stmr Lakme, from Skaguay; stmr
Mackinaw, hence Augr 24; Br ship Norma, from
AntwerD.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Aug 2S— Schr John
D Tallcnt, from Guayaquil.
PORT TOWNSKND— Passed inward Aug 28-
Schr John D Tallant, from Guayaquil; stmr
Lakme, from Skaguay; stmr Senator, . from
Nome.
SalJed outward Aug 28— Ship Paramlta, ¦ from
Ballurd, for Port Pirle.
Passed in Aug 2S— Br stmr Glenogle, from
Hongkong. .-- •:.-
BALLARD— Sailed Aug 28— Schr Stlmson. for
Redondo. . ¦ -.-' ; ¦ . .
DOMESTIC PORTS.
Newcastle, Australia, for Honolulu, but
had to put into Sydney leaking. She was
there for months and finally got flxeiTup
and sailed for the Islands. From Hono
lulu she w'ent.to the Sound.
STEAM SCHOONER GRACE DOLLAR TOWING THE DISABLED . COLX.IER EMPIRE INTO PORT. THE EMPIRE
BROKE DOWN OFF TRINIDAD AUGUST 21 AND WAS DRIFTING AROUND AT . THE MERCY OF THE
WINDS AND WAVES WHEN PICKED UP.
The disabled collier Empire was towed
into port yesterday by the steam schooner
Grace Dollar. The Empire sailed from
here for Coos Bay last week and when off
Trinidad her tail shaft broke. She was
reported and a tug sent out to look for
her. The Grace Dollar came along in the
meantime and picking her up brought her
into this port. In his report the ca.ptain
of the Empire says his vessel broke down
on August 21 at 11:30 p. m. when twenty
right miles southwest of Trinidad. She
drifted around until August 26 at 2 a. m..
when she was taken In tow by the Grace
Dollar. The latter was on her way from
Grays Harbor for San Pedro and as soon
as she dropped her tow here proceeded on
her voyage.
Empire Towed to Port.
In deciding in favor of the School Board
Judge Seawell has practically ended Miss
McKenzle's fight for reinstatement, so
far as the Superior Court is concerned,
though it fs probable that the Supreme
Court will be called upon to analyze the
decision and determine its soundness.
At the hearing Miss McKenzie was rep
resented by counsel, but her efforts to
disprove the charges were futile. She was
dismissed and forthwith filed suit for re
instatement. In passing upon her claim
that the Board of Education was not vest
ed with authority to dismiss a teacher
except after investigation of formal
charges filed by the Superintendent of
Schools Judge Sea well says:
"The power to dismiss is not limited to
rases where charges are made by the
Superintendent. The demurrer is sus
tained."'
Judgre Sea-well has sustained the legality
cf the dismissal of Miss Margaret ilc-
Kenzle by the Board of Education from
the position of principal of the Hancock
Grammar SchooL The court sustained a
demurrer yesterday filed on behalf of the
tooard of Education to Miss McKenzia's
?* J^ n £ or a writ o£ mandate to compel
lh « board to reinstate her.
«f^>f s Jf cK ! Mie disputed the jurisdiction
or the Board of Education or its right to
VL her . u Pon charges filed by any person
other than the Superintendent of Schools,
ine charges against her. which were not
prererred by the Superintendent of
Schools. Included the complaint that she
had declined to introduce "Thanatopsis"
and Snowbound" among the studies at
the school and had failed to send pupils
of the eighth grade to the High School
for examination.
Superintendent Is Not Called
Upon to File All
Charges.
SCHOOL BOARD
WINS ITS CASE
Court Holds Margaret
McKenzie Was Le
gally Dismissed.
She Made a Splendid Run From Nagasaki to Port.
Soldiers "Welcomed Home" at Presidio.
TRANSPORT HANCOCK RETURNS
WITH MEN OF FOURTH CAVALRY
5
Steamer.
'rom.
>ue.
Guatemala
Tellus
Arcata
South Portland
Walla Walla...
Santa Rosa
Point Arena...
Eureka.'.
Milton.....
Matteawan
Bristol
Horda.
North Fork
Curacao. ...... •
Serapls.........
Corona.........
Pomona
Ventura........
Umatllla
Australia.......
China ....!
Newport •
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Oyster Harbor
Coos Bay '.
Coos Bay
Puget Sound Ports....
San Diego & Way Pts.
Point Arena
Humboldt 1
Nanalmo
Tacoma
Comox — -
Oyster Harbor •
Humboldt
Mexican Ports
Hamburg & Way. Ports
Redondo & Way Ports
Humboldt
Sydney & Way Ports.!
Puget Sound Ports
Tahiti ........ '...:.:.'....
China and Japan ......
Panama & Way Ports.
Auff . 23
Aug. 29
Aug. 29
Aug. 29
Aug. -30
Aug. 29
Aug. 33
Aug. 30
Aug. 30
Aug. 31
Sept. 1
Sept. 1
Sept.. 1
Sept. 1
Sept. 1
Sept. 1
Sept. . 2
Sept. ¦ 3
Sept. . 3
Sept. 3
Sept. 3
Sept. 3
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.]
| Pier.
—
• ¦¦--.
Neko
San Juan.....
City Puebla..
Mandalay....
Pomona — ...
San Pedro....
St. Paul
Mariposa.....
Arcata
Eureka
Santa. Rosa..
Angust 29.
S.' Amer & Europe
Panama & AVay...
Puget Sound Ports.
Coqullle River ....
An«nst .10.
Humboldt
. A n (runt 31.
Humboldt :.....
Nome & St Michael
Honolulu
September 1.
Coos Bay
Humboldt •¦ ......:...
San Diego '& Way..
September 2.
Puget Sound . Ports
Point Arena
September 4.
H«dondo & Way...
China & Japan....
Sf|i'.pniber 5.
Valparaiso ¦ & ,Way
Humboldt ...".:
12 m
12 m
11 am
5 pm
1:30 p
10 am
2 pm
2 pm
4 pm
9 am
9 am
Ipier 27
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier —
Pier 0
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 7
I Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Walla "Walla.
Point Arena. ;
11 am
2 pm
Pier. 9
Pier 2
Corona...!...;
H'k'g Maru..
9 am
1 pml
Pier 11
PMSS
Palena..... ...
North Fork...
2 pm
.9 am
IPler 10
|Pler,2
Steamer.
Destination.
Satis.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 29
Senator.'. ....... Nome direct Aug. 29
Santa Ana..... Nome &¦ St. ¦ Michael. Aug. 31
City of Topeka Skaguay & "Way .Ports. Sept. ,2
Humboldt...... Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. 3
Farallon........ Skaguay &. Way Ports. Sept. 5
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 5
Queen ¦ Skaguay "& Way Ports. Sept. 7
¦¦' ¦¦¦-,- Time
Date
is lw
aT~". 4:43
80... 6:24
H W
31 .".. 0:01
1 :." 0:56
2..-; 1:56
3 ... 2:69
4... 4:11
. . Time
Ft.
, -.¦¦•' H W
. 0.0 11:30
- 0.2 12:00
. -• L W
' 5.5 6:05
5.3 6:46
-6.0 :7:30
I 4'.7 8 8:11
•4.4 9:06
r«.
5.3
5.4
ITlmel
L W
4:54
-5:41
H W
12:35
1:10
2:38
:3:28
:'. • Time ¦
Ft. Ft.
¦;.:_. H ; ,w ¦¦,.¦;
¦1.4 ll|10 '5.7
1.0 .....
'5.5 6:30 0.7
: 5.6 "7:20. 0.5
1 5.7 8:16 ,0.3
5.7 9:20 0.2
"5.7 10:30 -0.2
0.6
;i.o
2.0
-2.5
Steamer.
'rom.
>ue.
Guatemala
Tellus
Arcata
South Portland
Walla Walla...
Santa Rosa
Point Arena...
Eureka.'.
Milton.....
Matteawan
Bristol
Horda.
North Fork
Curacao. ...... •
Serapls.........
Corona.........
Pomona
Ventura........
Umatllla
Australia.......
China ....!
Newport •
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Oyster Harbor
Coos Bay '.
Coos Bay
Puget Sound Ports....
San Diego & Way Pts.
Point Arena
Humboldt 1
Nanalmo
Tacoma
Comox — -
Oyster Harbor •
Humboldt
Mexican Ports
Hamburg & Way. Ports
Redondo & Way Ports
Humboldt
Sydney & Way Ports.!
Puget Sound Ports
Tahiti ........ '...:.:.'....
China and Japan ......
Panama & Way Ports.
Auff . 23
Aug. 29
Aug. 29
Aug. 29
Aug. -30
Aug. 29
Aug. 33
Aug. 30
Aug. 30
Aug. 31
Sept. 1
Sept. 1
Sept.. 1
Sept. 1
Sept. 1
Sept. 1
Sept. . 2
Sept. ¦ 3
Sept. . 3
Sept. 3
Sept. 3
Sept. 3
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.]
| Pier.
—
• ¦¦--.
Neko
San Juan.....
City Puebla..
Mandalay....
Pomona — ...
San Pedro....
St. Paul
Mariposa.....
Arcata
Eureka
Santa. Rosa..
Angust 29.
S.' Amer & Europe
Panama & AVay...
Puget Sound Ports.
Coqullle River ....
An«nst .10.
Humboldt
. A n (runt 31.
Humboldt :.....
Nome & St Michael
Honolulu
September 1.
Coos Bay
Humboldt •¦ ......:...
San Diego '& Way..
September 2.
Puget Sound . Ports
Point Arena
September 4.
H«dondo & Way...
China & Japan....
Sf|i'.pniber 5.
Valparaiso ¦ & ,Way
Humboldt ...".:
12 m
12 m
11 am
5 pm
1:30 p
10 am
2 pm
2 pm
4 pm
9 am
9 am
Ipier 27
PMSS
Pier 9
Pier —
Pier 0
Pier 2
Pier —
Pier 7
I Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
Walla "Walla.
Point Arena. ;
11 am
2 pm
Pier. 9
Pier 2
Corona...!...;
H'k'g Maru..
9 am
1 pml
Pier 11
PMSS
Palena..... ...
North Fork...
2 pm
.9 am
IPler 10
|Pler,2
Steamer.
Destination.
Satis.
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 29
Senator.'. ....... Nome direct Aug. 29
Santa Ana..... Nome &¦ St. ¦ Michael. Aug. 31
City of Topeka Skaguay & "Way .Ports. Sept. ,2
Humboldt...... Skaguay & "Way Ports. Sept. 3
Farallon........ Skaguay &. Way Ports. Sept. 5
Chas. Nelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 5
Queen ¦ Skaguay "& Way Ports. Sept. 7
¦¦' ¦¦¦-,- Time
Date
is lw
aT~". 4:43
80... 6:24
H W
31 .".. 0:01
1 :." 0:56
2..-; 1:56
3 ... 2:69
4... 4:11
. . Time
Ft.
, -.¦¦•' H W
. 0.0 11:30
- 0.2 12:00
. -• L W
' 5.5 6:05
5.3 6:46
-6.0 :7:30
I 4'.7 8 8:11
•4.4 9:06
r«.
5.3
5.4
ITlmel
L W
4:54
-5:41
H W
12:35
1:10
2:38
:3:28
:'. • Time ¦
Ft. Ft.
¦;.:_. H ; ,w ¦¦,.¦;
¦1.4 ll|10 '5.7
1.0 .....
'5.5 6:30 0.7
: 5.6 "7:20. 0.5
1 5.7 8:16 ,0.3
5.7 9:20 0.2
"5.7 10:30 -0.2
0.6
;i.o
2.0
-2.5
"It deserves the highest praise, and I
know that those who have tried it have
"/ endorse Peruna because I have
found by personal experience that it is
not a common patent medicine, but a
scientifically prepared medicine which
simply curds catarrh and cleanses the
blood of its impurities, keeping the
system in a fine, healthy condition.
I consider It as rather a carefully pre-
pared physician's prescription, and have
never found any which acts as promptly
and permanently as Peruna.
BAHWA7 TRAVEL.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Fels-Naptha soap is a 'treas-
ure; 5c
Your grocer returns the
money if you want it, X
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
Santa Fe Trains
¦ Leave Market-street Ferry Pepot.
" ~~~ Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Dally Daily
Lv.- San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p .
". Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
*" Fresno 2:05 p 2:33 p 3:05 a 10:53 p
•' Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ........
" Vlnalia... 3:40 p ...• 4:48 a
" Bakrsfleld 6:15 p B:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
- " Chicago -I 2:15 p I 9:00 p
a for morning. 1 p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited.- leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
-Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to,BakersHeld for. accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No j second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 ; p. m.
dally. ') .
8:00 P. m. is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and.
- Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:55 p. m.
dally. ...
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping at
all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally. ¦
Offlces^ — 641 Market street and in Ferry
IDepot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land.
SOUTHERN P AOIPIO.
Trains len*« nml nre «ln» to nrrlv* »t
MAN FKANCISCW.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
WiTI — _" Fr.OU JUXT 14. 1301. - — IKBITf
7:00a Benlcia, 8uisnn, Llmlra and Sacra.
- meuto 8:81»
7 :OO a VaciTllle, Wlc ttrs. Banner ?t33r
Martinez. SauUauion.VaileJo.Napa.
Oallatoga and Santa Ko«a OtSSp
8:0«A Vtkilti, Vf oodland, KnlgbU Landing,
M»rT«ille, Orofllle.. 7:5-fr
8iO»a A Mantle rcxpreis— Ogdeu and Eut 12:25*
*mm* Mies, Lithrop, Stockton itSSr
BtOOANllea, Mondota. Hanford. Vlsalta,
rorttrrille 4:33»
•:*Wa Shasta Express — DaTla, Willimms (for
Bartlett Springs), Willows. Bed
Bluff, Portland... 7:33*
¦;>tt 8111 .lose, Llfermors, Stockton,
Ion*. Baoramento. Flaoerrllla.
¦ : M«r7»»Ille, Chtco, Itod Illult..'.. .. 4>S3r
••rOA Oakdale, Chinese (Ycsemite). So-
noia,Caiten... 4:23*
BiOOa H»jrw»rd, Nile! and *Taj 8t»tiom.. 11:33a
•iO«a VaUejo I2l23v
••••A Los Angeles Express — MatUnss.
¦ . . Tracy. Lmthrop. Stockton. Merced
Vraano and Los Angeles .- T»33r
•18OA Vallejo. Martlnor ami Way Btatloal 7iS3r
I9i«0A The Overland Limlted-Ogdea. Dea-
f er, Oiuaha. Chicago «:S3r
Tl>O*P Sacramento U!?er 8te«mer» t3'0'»A
- StSOF Hayward; NUra and Way Stations.. ?>33r
*iOOr Uenlcia. Winters, Sacramento,
, - Woodland. Knights Landing.
MarjiTllle, Orofllle 19:33a
«i«Or MartlueK, Hau IUmon. - Vtllejo,
Napa. Uallatoga. Sunta Rosa «i33a
4»0»f Nilea. LWermore. Stockton. Lodi... I».a3p
4iS<>r Hmrward. Nilea, Han .lota, UTermors tSiUSA
4i80r Port Co»-», Tracy, Laihrop, Stockton 1o<29a
StOOrTbe Owl Limited— Fieiuo, Tulsra,
BakenOeld. Haugu for Sauta B»j»
bara, Loa Augeles >:39a
StOOr UarblDcz. Antioch. Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno l*i*3r
¦t«n P Tosemlte ia«aa»
•i3«r New Oileang Gxprens— Mendota,
Fresno, Bakenfleid. Los Angelea.
' . Demloe, El Paao, New Orleans
and East *«53a.
••OOp Bay ward. Miles and San Jose 7.33*
t«iOOr Vallsja 11:234
OiOOr Oriental Mall— Ogtlea, Chejenne,
Omaha. Chicago. 12:23?
•tOOr Oriental Mall— Ogden, Deaver, '
¦• St. Lonla, Chicago 4:*3»
VittOr Oregon and California Kxpreas,Hao>
THineuto, MarjrsTille. !,>•!, lhir., .
Portlanil, t'ugat Hound and Kasl »»33 A
•i«0r 8»n Pablo, Furt Costa, Martiaas
• and Way Station* 11i23a
|»t«ar Vallflo 7»B3f
COAST LINE (Snrro»T «»age).
(Foot ot Market S treat.) ' .
"t7>43A Santa Cms Exconlon to danta Cru
and Principal Way SUtions J» iO5»
• Si13a Newark. CcnterTille,8an Jois.Felton.
, Boulder Creek.Santa Orux and Way
Stations ••¦•»
,tail*r Newark. CentertlUe, Ban Joie, New
AlmaJsn, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cms and Principal War *
-"' ' . Stations..... ••l»«A
• 4tlSp Newark, San Joae. Los Gatos tS<n*A
«««18r Qlenwood.Bon]der Creek. Santa. Cm t a»3«a
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
hta SAI msCISCO-fooi of Miikit SteMt (Slip 8)—
T7-.16 9:00 . 11-.00A.H. 1:03 3:00 6:1Bp.M.
frtnOllUKB— F»«l »t gr«»4«.y.— 1«:00 {8:00 tS.-O»
10:00a.M. 13:00 3:00 «:D0r.M.
COAST LINE (Droad (Jange).
- -' (Third and Tovrnsend Sta.) <.'>•¦ X-:
•«1«A San Joae and Way Btationa.......... «<3Oa
t7s0«A Ban Joseaitd Way Sfcatiuns... liS«v
/7i«oa New Alinaden / «ilOt
t7<X0a Bandar . Exonialon for San Jcae,
¦ .Santa Crni. Ptclfio Groro ana
•- Principal Way Stations. IStS**
»>«Oa San J<xm». . HoUister. 8anU Cnn.
FacllSo Gro»«, ballnaa. San Lola
; .-> - - Oblspo, Santa Barbara and Prto-
dpal Intermediate Stations.. 7i80f
l«it*A Baa Joae and Way Stations^ 6:30*
¦ IiSOa Hau Joae ami Way Stations tttSO*
; tOi«»» 8an Mateo. Redwood. Ucnlo Park.
. . : Palo Alto. Hanta Clara, Ban Jose. •¦
- ; Hol'ister. Santa Cruz, Saliaaa,
Monterey a-id Pacific Grove....:. U0i43*
SiS*r San Jose, Tree Pino*, Santa Crux. ' ¦ -
Fadflo Grore and Way ' Stations «:1O»
«4tlBrSao Jsse and Principal Way Stations Ui-Oa
49iOOr San Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
'. Way Stations.... {OiOOt
1 8tS*r San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:38a
••OOr Redwood. Han Joae, Gilroy. Salinas. -
Ba.ua BarbarvIxM AogelM 1O:O3a
•iX«r Ban Jose aud Wayatatlous fUtOO*
«Ht43p 3an Joseaud Way Stations......... 7:30»
-.AforMoming. P for Afternoon.
tHnnday excepted. ' ; J Sunday only. ' '
• Saturday only. « Monday.
i.3 Saturday tai Bonday. /Taeedays aa^l Tztf/am.
To the ATLIN, WHITE HORSE, HOOTA-
LINQUA. BIG SALMON. STEWART RIVER,
KLONDIKE and YUKON MINING DIS-
TRICTS. :
Ocean steamers connecting with rail line at
Skaguay, Alaska.' ¦ ¦ • ...
DOUBLE DAILT TRAIN SERVICE BE-
TWEEN SKAGUAY AND WHITE HORSE. .
Special Steamer from White Horse to Hoota-
linqua and Big .Salmon mines.
• Direct ' connection made at WHITE HORSE
WITH BRITISH. YUKON NAVIGATION
COMPANY'S FLEET OF FINE STEAMERS
TO DAWSON.
Connections made at DAWSON FOR ALL.
LOWER: YUKON RIVER POINTS. ¦ ,
'For frklght. over. this route, quick dispatch la
assured; to the traveler., comfort and quick
time. - - ' . • "
The White Pass and " Yukon Route is the
Summer Tourist's Paradise. •
E C. HAWKINS, General Manager, Seattle,
Wash. ' . '-
J. FRANCIS LEE. Traffic Manager.'
Skafruay. Alaska; Seattle, Wash.
M. P. BRASCH. Com. Agent, -
¦ . 536 Market st. City.
YUKONROUTE
WHITEPASSAND
A gV- 1351 1UZZIZ ST. let. 6±t7th, S.r.CaL
\ X3[ '. The Largest Anatomicxl Muieuin In the
m J- ' U'orld. V» eaknesses or any contracted
V ggggfR wkuiw r»«m»«-lr*-«r«»<Ihy thr olceit
0 fggj Specialist «n the Coast. Est. 36 years. . I
A B&f* fi DR. JORDAH-DISEASES OF KEN
\ I ttSijD Consultition free «nd »trict!y private.
m f i*Sfn Treatment personally or by letter. A
W K fir <?¦ fc Fontiv* Curt ia erery case undertaken.
A r // A Write for Book. PBILBHOPHY of
? * II 1^ BtRBMCE, MAILED FREE. (A
\ Jt II valuable book for m»n)
W DB. aoKDAK ACO..1051MarketSt.S. F.
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Ave.
Office 1OO4- Market Strest
' Telephone— South 4-2O.
Was not a comfortable thing to wear,
neither is the shirt of to-day, when thick-
ly starched, with rough edges and marble
clab front . "We pride ourselves on the
finish, of all our work — the finish that
gives etyle and comfort to the wearer.
No saw edges.
The Shirt of Mail
Dr. Lyon's
Tooth Powder
PERFECT
Used by people of ; refinement
Cor over a Quarter of a century.
- , Commencing April 28, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
-AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55. 8:30, »9:30, 11:00 a. m..
12:45. "1U5, 3:15, 4:15, 5:15. •6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill . Valley and San
Rafael - on ¦ Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m;
SUNDAYS— 7:00, 8:00. •9:00. •10:00.' 11:00. 11:39
a m.. 12:45. 'l^O. 2:30. »3:45. 5:00, 6:00. 7:31
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays. : .'¦"'.< - ' - i • r* •
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
; WEEK DATS-»5:25, 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. : 10:15
a m.. *12:25 1:15. 2:20. •3:35, 4:40, 5:30 p. m.
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. "."¦... >
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •8:00.- 9:45, *11:00 a. m., *12
m., 1:00. ; 2:15, »3:30, 4:30, •SH5. 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p m." '¦,'*:.'•. • ' * - ¦ :'¦¦-."
'Trains marked f*) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYB-5:45. 6:45, 7:35. 8:55,- 10:$0
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10., 6:20 .p. m.
; EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays; --Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m. ¦•¦
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05.' 11:10 a. m..' 12:15.
1:20.2:30 3:45. 5:00. 6:15.. 7:15, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tion». ¦¦ r : -• ••• ¦¦ --• .¦¦.'¦ --¦; -. -. 1 - . »•;-
> 3:15 p.' m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tlons.'iiV ••' '" ¦•--¦, •-:¦ -. ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦ . .-•¦¦- ¦•';
. 5 :15 • p. m. • week days excepted)—
Tomales and way stations. . -. '>.'.<'.>,
.-'¦¦ 8:00 a. m. Sundays — Cazadero and way ata-
tlons.'"- .'¦¦.¦#-. ' ¦¦• . ••' ¦'.' • ••¦ ; , ¦¦- • • - ¦' -.
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tions. . , . d ¦ ' ' "
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto perry.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
; RAILWAY COMPANY. - : r
Tlburon Ferry, foot of.Marlr.et St .
San Francisso to San Kataai.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
. 3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays—Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:00. J:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
6:00, 6:20 p. m. .
San Rafael to San Francisco.
"WEEK DATS — 6:10, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.: 12:43,
J:40. 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:55
and 6;35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40.3:40.
5:C5. 6:25 p. m. -
Leave I In Effect I Arrtva
San Francisco. | April 23. 1901. 1 San Fraadsco.
Week J Sun- J | Son- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. . days. | Days.
7:30 am) 8:00 ami Novato. 13:40 am 8.40 am!
S:»0 pm| 9:30 am| Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pmi 5:00 pm| Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton, '
7:30 am "Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburjr, 10:40 am
Lytton. ¦ • - :
G«yservllle,
3:30 pm 3:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pmf 8:20 pm
7:30 am| 5:00 pml Hopland . 110:40 am|10;25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 am) and Ukiah. | 7:33 pm| S:20 pm
7:30 am 110:40 amllO:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm)
3:30 pm 5:00 pm - ' | S:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and 1 I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I S:C5 pmf 8:30 pm
7:30 ami 8:G0 ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pmf Sebastopol. I 7:35 pm| 6:9) pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Wese
Sprlcgrs and White Sulnfcnr Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland' for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvine. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for "Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Deil Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley*«. Bucknell's,
Eanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's H.it
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brags. West-
port. TTsal. 'Wlllits. Laytonvtlle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. ...
Saturday to Monday ronnd-trlp tickets at re-
duced rates. .
On Sundays ronnd-trlp tickets to an points
bevend San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street.' Chronlcl*
buildins. , .... . ....
H. C ¦WHITTNQ. . - R. X. RYAV.
¦ Gen. Manuager. Gen. Pass. Agt
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Tta SmmSi* T*nj—r** «f M*rt« St.
Ifutui* fiun. AftMtvc ¦¦•* nua,
8*0 a. M.I f 12:15 P.M.
9Mi.u. l:\Ar.tt.
10*0 a. m. I itranin ' . S:S0 *• "•
llSOA.a.f .SUNDAYS 4JMr.it.
ISO P. M. 650?. M.
2^0 P. M.J . 7:10 p.m.
Tvn. Saa rraatlaMt* Somali aaa bnn. S1.4*
Ticket Offiwg. 621 Market St.. & SagsaUto Perry,
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND DTJSTLESS.
Daily Palace and Tourist Sleeper*.
Dining Car. Meals a la Cart*. .
Library Observation Car.
REDUCED ROUND TRIP RATES TO
EASTERN POINTS.
K. S. BLAIR. Gen. Act.. 633 Market St.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABXT ST. Established
In 1S5 i tor the- treatment of Private
Diseases. Lout Manhood. Debility or
dl<w>aa« wearlngon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctoreoreawlien
others fall. Try hint. Charges low.
Cnr*a cnarnnlrrd. Call or writ*
JJr. J. X*. « i BSOJS. Uau Frauclaco. Cal. _
CHARLES F. JENKINS.
"/ can conscientiously recommand
your Peruna as a fine tonic and all-
round good madicine. To ihoso who
ara in need of a catarrh remedy I
know of nothing better."— H. W.
Ogden.
F. "W. Radtke. 740 Mlntzer street. Phila-
delphia. Pa., writes:
"I deem it my duty to inform you that I
have been troubled with catarrh for four
years and could not work at my. trade. I
have tried almost every cure on the faca
of the earth, .and had doctors attend me
at . their offices and in the hospital, but
could not pet relief until I tried your
wonderful ¦ Peruna. I was very doubtful
whether it would help me. but at a good
friend's advice I tried your Peruna. which
is a godsend to all catarrh sufferers. After
taking but four bottles I am very much
pleased indeed. I can safely say that one
more bottle will be enough. After taking
the second bottle I could go to work at
my trade (sawyer), and the dust ha3 no
effect on my throat now. I shall recom-
mend Peruna to everybody who suffers
with catarrh."— F. W. Radtke.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna.
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to sjive you his valuable advtca
gratis.
Address Dr. Hr.rtman, President of The
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, O.
After all, the personal experience of one
man is worth - more than the theoretical
guesses of a thousand men. Mr. Jenkins
knowswhat he is talking about when he
recommends Peruna, because he has tried
It- Peruna cures catarrh because it
reaches the source of catarrh.
Peruna cleanses the blood of Its Impuri-
ties, because it regulates those organs
that make blood.
Peruna keeps the system in a fine,
healthy condition, because it restores the
function of every organ and brings vigor
to the organic nervous system.
Mr. Jenkins is right. Peruna is a care-
fully prepared prescription, prepared by
one of the oldest and best known physi-
cians in America. This is why it acts
promptly and permanently.
Congressman Ogden's Latter.
Congressman H. W. Ogden of Benton.
La., writes:
perfect faith in it-"-C. F. JENKINS.
ACTS PROMPTLY.
DE.QII-NA clEOSES
rt nU'ilH THE SYSTEM.
Charles F. Jenklna, Venerabl© Council
of Garland Camp 2922, Modern "Woodmen
of America, writes from Aurora, 111.. Bea-
con' office, as follows: .
H *JIA VL/V' AUUI itSIt p%
P Burlington tourist sleep- 5a&^v\V_ \\\ \ \i |
if ing-cars are right up-to- (?* =^ : Tt^r^-~J_' -~i v^i
g Pintsch gas, marble wash- 1^'£^==^L lr** Ss * l!! *Zr^P
H ALL the modern improve- -^f^^^^dBp&l y^^m
ADVERTISEMENTS,
ADVERTISEMENTS.CELEBRATED RAGING BIRD
OF THE FLORIDA OSTRICH FARM
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, THU USD AY, AUGUST 29, 1901;
THURSDAY AUGUST 29,, 1901
JOHN P.. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
liintt All Coaaulnttmt U W. 8.' LEAKS, Xusger.
)IA\AGER'S OFFICES; . ..... .Telephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICES. ..Market and Tklrd.S. F.
Telephone Press 201. . ' < . .
EDITORIAL ROOMS. ... .217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2. .
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per "Weelc"
. - Slnsrle Copies, S Cents.
Terms br Mall, Including: Postage I , ;
DAJLT CALL, f Including Sunday), one year. ............ .$6.00
DAILY CALL. (Including Sunday), 6 months 8.00
DAILY CALL (lnclnding Sunday), 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL— By SinrU Month 6Rc
StJNDAT CALL Od* Tear .". 1.50
WEEKLT CALL One Tear 1.00
All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies 'will be forwarded when requested.
Mail *obecriben In ordering change of address should be
particular to rive both KisW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to inrure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAAD OFFICE 1118 Broadway
CL GEORGE KROGTOfS.
ITa&sftr Tertign I drerttsirg, XaifBette Building, CMe*p.
CLiong Distant* Telephone "Central 2S1S.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C CARXTOrv Herald Square
ITEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Building:
NEW YORK NTTWS STANDS:
WaJdorf-Aetoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square:
Murray H1U Hotel.
BRAJfCH OFFICES— B27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 8:30 o'clock. 800 Haves, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 63S
McAllister, open until 9:80 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
«:80 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
ontll 9 o'clock. 10« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
oorner Twenty-seoond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2209 nilmore, open until 9. a. m.
EXTRACT OF VANILA-A. E. M. r
Napa, .Cal. Extract of vanila is made by
cutting up an ounce of the vanila bean
into small pieces and triturating the same
to a. coarse powder with two ounces of
sugar. This is then placed in a percola
tor, and diluted alcohol, in the proportion
o^three parts of alcdhol to one of water,
poured over it, the amount of diluted
liquid being one pint. This is then mixed
with one pint of simple syrup.
HOI POLLOI— A., Oakland, Cal. "Hoi
Polloi" is. Greek and means "the many,"
"the multitude." It is also a term ap
plied in Cambridge to those students who
do not graduate in honors; in other words,
who, with a few honorably exceptions,
do just as much as is required for their
degree and no more.
DEVELOPING— T. N., City. It is said
that long inhalations, slow expirations and
massage will develop the bust and neck.
ELECTRIC CARS— A. S.. City. Speed
on electric lines of street cars may be as
high as thirty miles an hour. ':: ¦¦:¦
HOCHELAGA- Subscriber, City. Hoch
elaga is the ancient but little known name
for Canada.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Bryan has bought oil land in Wyoming and- before
1904 comes. around; he may be a plutocrat instead ; of
a Presidential candidate - \ . '.';'g: : 'V
It is said that the failure of his cylindrical balloon
has decided Santbs-Dumont to make the next one
"ellipsoidal," and if .there be any possibility for a
balloon to travel on its name or its shape, the new
'one ought to go a long way.
, It is announced that. when the Czar visits France
he will be entertained :by a' review, of 150,000 troops;
but it would have been more. appropriate to call an
international peace conference to meet him and show
him how- it can work. ' /
The agitation for a change in the date of inaugura
ting Presidents so as to fix it for the end of April in-
I stead of March 4 is going briskly on in the East, and
it begins to look as if there might be something, done
about it at the coming session of Congress.
The United States will hardly undertake to guar
antee the payment of ihe Sultan's debts to France, but
since .he. has paid ours we may reasonably assure the
French that the old man will doubtless do the proper
thing if they; give him time. ' ' \;
It may be all right to continue to refer to the Sul
tan as "the unspeakable Turk," but just the same
he seems to be able to outtalk any diplomatist in
Europe and the only way they can get even "with
him is to break off the conversation and leave his
court.
King. Edward has given orders that three Ameri;.
can elevators be placed in Buckingham. palace, and
they : are to be so constructed that' he can operate
them himself by pressing a button.' Evidently his
Majesty intends to be up to date, : and will soon have
his palace just as comfortable as a flat.
-Now for, some reason or other Pope Pius
never 'received; this" beautiful .carriage,
and, the question is,, what" has become of
.it? .; The matter has been ¦ brought to the
attention of Pope Leo and he ¦¦, has ex
pressed a : strong '.; desire" to ascertain the
fate, of .the vehicle, not because he would
ever be - likely to \ use it; but because he
desires, If possible, to bring^out of their
present ¦, obscurity the impressive •' works
with.whichGerome decorated it "
One of the Papal secretaries, while look
ing over some old papers at the Vatican
the other day, "came across a curious,
story. ' ¦ , . . '; .
In 1S57 the railroad company in Rome
decided to present to/Pope Pius IX a
private railroad carriage, which .was j to
consist of an oratory, a salon and a sleep
ing 'compartment, ~ and osvhich was to be
decorated by the eminent Gerome. The
artist accepted the commission, and in due
time three beautiful paintings by . him
adorned .the carriage. One was a grand
allegorical work, in j which the truths of
religion were represented by ' St. Peter
and St. - Paul ; another was a painting , in
which the Pope was represented as bless
ing "a steamer,' which was approaching the
coast of Italy, and In the third the Pon
tiff, surrounded by cardinals and bishopsf
was seen the first .; locomotive.
Besides these paintings there were several
medallions ' containing figures of . the Vir
gin, the infant Jesus and the twelve apos
tles.".. . ;¦; ¦-...'- f> .." ' -
POPE'S CARRIAGE LOST
Parisian reformers have come' to the conclusion
that vice in their city is due mainly to holiday visit
ors' They^ have compiled statistics showing that it
blossoms out on the streets as soon as the tourists
begin to come in and dies out - when they depart.
One of them has gone so far as to s say that Americans
do more harm to Paris than Paris\does to them/ -
When the valorousrand mystical- Owen Glendower
declared, "I can call spirits frt5m^ the vasty deep/'
Harry Hotspur replied, "So can ? I and so..; can any
man; but will they come?" Much the same sort of
answer has been > made by practical politicians in the
East to the Alabama enthusiast who claims to. be
able to call up Clay and Webster. from the ivasty^deep
The advocate of the, revival asserts, that Webster
and Clay were the greatest of American statesmen,
that the principles they inculcated and the -policies
they approved during their lives are as excellent and
as valid now as" they were in the days when the two
great orators, with living voices, expounded them in
the Senate and declaimed them to • the people.
Therefore, says he, let us resuscitate the-^party of
Webster and of Clay and appeal to the people in the
next election on a platform declaring for "the Union,
the constitution; as -it was in i860, and the enforce
ment of all just laws." ."",.-< . : :-.
DURING the silly season, when politicians have
ample time to discuss all the probabilities and
possibilities of the situation, anything in the
way of a new suggestion is "acceptable as a, help to
the talk, even if it be riardly more than_ a midsummer
madness. Consequently a gentleman of Alabama,
disgusted with Democracy and intolerant of Repub
licanism, has obtained a hearing for a call to the heirs
and assignees of the. old Whig party to rally for the
salvation of the country. } : f-' : '':A%
A OALL t FOR 'WHIGS.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Aug. 28.-The
following. Californians have arrived at
the hotels: Raleigh— C. J. Koater, Henry
P. Diamond, John M.. Beal, *San Fran
cisco.
Californians in "Washington.
It has.been suggested to the managers of the St.
Louis Exposition thai it would be a good plan to
make the show distinctive by substituting a model city
instead of a midway as a side attraction, and should
the plan be adopted the country will wait with inter
est to see whether the idea of what a model city ought
to be which prevails" in St. Louis has been derived
from her emulation of Chicago or an aspiration to
be <ihc Athens of America. ' ¦ -¦¦ ¦
A Minnesota recluse who recently died left a will
saying:' "After my funeral expenses are all' paid. I
direct that my administrators gather up all , my cash
in bank and, in the presence of witnesses, burn it until
nothing but ashes are left." A nephew of the deceased
is now contesting the will on the ground that the old
man' was crazy, and if the courts so decide we will
know what to think of the next man who has money
to/burn. -
NEW YORK. Aug. 28.-The following
Calif ornlans have arrived: San Francisco
— H. Doyle, at the Holland; "W. P. Holton,
A. Ottinger, at the Imperial; G. H. Hoop
er, at the Navarre; P. I. Ingram; at the
Grand Union; P. Isaka, at the Union
Square; H. Friesenhausen, at the Herald
Square, j
Los Angeles— E. L. Allen, at the Im
perial; "\V. J. Lawless and wife, at the
iHoffman; E. Keltner, at the HeraM
Square.
Oakland— S. G. Nye, at the Broad wiy
Central. . . * -
Californians in New York.
Garret McEnerney, the well known law
yer of this city, will go abroad the lattei
part <& September. He will be gone three
months. The trip is taken for rest anc
recreation. , .
Mr. and Mrs. E. W. Packard, prominent
society people of New York, are at the
Palace on a visit of pleasure to this city.
G. . M. '- Ma'rtin, a wealthy merchant o.f
Watsonville, is a guest at the Lick.
Lewis P. Kirby has come up from his
home in San Diego and is registered at
the Occidental.
J. R.. Chase, a well-known real estate
man of Fresno, is among: the arrivals last
night- at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Cone have come
down from Red Bluff and are at the
Palace. ..'¦*¦
Dr. Chester H. Rowell, a leading phy
sician, of Fresno, is a guest at the Grand.
E. W. Hale, a well known business man
of Sacramento, is staying at the Palace.
A. L. Lewinsky; the Stockton attorney
and politician, is a guest at the Palace.
. H.C. Woodrow of Redding is at the
Occidental.
D. B. Lyman, a mining man of Reno, Is
at the Palace.
- J. J. White has come down from Fresno
and is staying at the Lick.
A. Musto, a wealthy merchant of Stock
ton, is a euest at the Grand.
R. H. Herron, an oil magnate of Los
Angeles, is a guest at the Palace.
California has had a prosperous year, and her peo
ple should now be ready to enjoy it. The opening
of the fair will afford recreation and instruction for
all classes. The patronage should be" large and
should come from all parts of the State. Every ef
fort has been made to prepare an exposition that will
awaken the gratification and the pride of Californians,
and now the popular support should be liberal and
abundant.
The racing at the fair will be exceptionally inter
esting. " California is the land where the horse
reaches his highest perfection. We have not the
large number of wealthy stables that is found in
New York, nor so many almost historic breeding
farms as Kentucky, but already we have become
famous for the excellence of our horses of every kind,
and the entries that have been made for the various
events at the fair assure a season of sport hardly to
be surpassed in any part of the Union.
It js the expectation that all the exhibits 'intended
for the fait will be in place in readiness for the open
ing on Monday evening. Still it is noted that a good
many exhibitors have been slow in making up their
minds to take part in the display, for applications for
space are being received at this late date. With prop
erly directed energy, however, all can be completed
in time to fulfill the expectation of a. complete exhi
bition on the opening day, and from the reports that'
come from Sacramento it seems that the energy is
not lacking in any department.
The California State Fair ought to be the most im
portant of its kind in the Union. In the first place
the State has richer, larger and more varied agri
cultural resources than any other State, not even ex
cepting the giant commonwealth of Texas. In the
second place the location of the State and its trade
conditions give it a prestige in its own territory not
possessed by any other State. On this coast we have
no rivals. In this section of the Union the year "'is
not marked by any of those large expositions which
have now become so common in the East. The Cali
fornia State Fair is therefore in a position to com
mand attention as the chief exposition of the Pa
cific Coast, and as such it merits the liberal support
REPORTS from Sacramento concerning prepa
rations for the State .Fair, which opens on
Monday, give assurance that the exhibits of
the year will fully reflect the abundant prosperity and
growing improvement of the State. ! It is of course
natural that it should be so, for as California ad
vances, so should all her institutions advance. The
State Fair in particular ought to reflect the growth of
the industries and material welfare of the people, and
it is gratifying to know that it will do so on this oc
casion.
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
He — Don't you think a man ought to
save something for the future?'
Foreman " (job office)— "What are you
working at now,?
She— Well. I don't think he ought to sava
all of his kisses for that time.— Tonker3
Statesman.
Boy— Running off some business cards
of a young woman who want3 to do mend
ing for gents and families.
Foreman — Gee whizz! Didn't you get
word not to print 'era? The order is
countermanded. Quick as the bos3 saw
that girl's card he rushed off and mar
ried her.— New York Weekly.
THE STATE PAIR.
rights" have deliberately forced the negro citizens of th« city
from every avenue of any but the most menial employment.
Negro citizens are refused admission to their unions and the
advent of a negro mechanic or laborer among them is fol
lowed by his expulsion. His family can starve. For thl3
. reason no negroes can be seen employed in the shops or along
the wharves of San Francisco, although these men are our
feliow-citizens. Even avocations once considered beneath the
dignity of the American white man are now "unionized" and
filled and the '"Scullions' Union," the "Bootblacks' Aggrega
tion" and the "Pot and Pan Washers* Association" drive the
negro from their ranks, thereby denying him the chance to
earn his humble pittance. Ye gods! and these are the men
who prate of "human rights" and squeal like stuck pigs when,
they realize (as they now must) that their cause haa been lost.
It is this tyrannical hypocrisy that Is detaching from the
unions large numbers of their members. "When the unions
themselves cease to be a tyrant and a living lie, ruled by agi
tators, the public will be more Inclined to believe their asser
tions about "rights" that they claim for themselves but deny
to others in the most despotic manner. Respectfully yours,
WILLIAM CARROLL,
(Late of Longshoremen's Union, now non-union.)
San Francisco, August 28.
PERSONAL MENTION.
* ¦ DITOR San Francisco Call: I am one of the laboring
—4 men of. San Francisco. ,For fifteen years I have resided
-'-¦j in this city and I was until lately a member, in good
"^ - " standing, of the union. As all_of the affairs of the or
ganization have been discussed before the public by the self
styled leaders, representatives and exponents of our wants, the .
Caseys, Rosenbergs and the German anarchist (who uses his
official position in the labor councils to propagate and dissem
inate his socialistic theories), I suppose that a few words from
the rank and file of. the labor army will be accorded a place
in your fair and impartial columns.
My own reasons fo& withdrawing from the union were that
I found that the union under its present blatant demagogues
was tenfold more tyrannical than any corporation or employer
I ever worked for. That the condition of the poor, deluded
devils who are blindly following their lead is systematically
concealed from the public is well known among the union men
themselves. It must have been with a smile- of contempt that
the intelligent public read the verbose and ytterly lying "open
letter" by the San Francisco Labor Council, addressed to the
editors of the interior press. ' I will only quote one passage of
this hypocritical screed— "human rights are more sacred than
business success." The fellows who prate so glibly of "human
"Blatant Derriagogues" Prate of Human Rights, and Yet Refuse Negro
Citizens Membership in Their Organizations.
LATE UNION MAN SAYS UNIONS ARE UNDER PRESENT
LEADERS MORE TYRANNICAL THAN CORPORATIONS
OLIVER W. AS HE APPEARS IN HIS SPEEDING RIG READY FOR A TRIAL ON THE TRACK. THIS MAMMOTH
BIRD IS ONE OP THE MOST REMARKABLE OF ITS KIND IN THIS OR ANY OTHER COUNTRY OF THE
WORLD. : V 4~
try at large.
/ Of such a party, so constituted "and^ so led, the
country. can expect nothing. It does not afford even
a- reasonable opposition parfy to serve as a check
upon Republican extremists. It is in fact absolutely
valueless to the country. Conservative s Democrats
who after the Ohio convention may have indulged
the hope that they would once more have power and
influence in their party will now perceive the. folly of
thejr hopes. Bryanism is* still strong and 'wherever
anything' is to be gained • even temporarily by yield
ing to it the politicians of the party will- consent. The
Iowa platform, therefore, while of no value in that
State is still one of much significance for" the' coun-
.The one feature of importance in the event is the
added proof that Democracy as a political party .with
clearly defined aims in national politics has ceased to
exist. The men who are now leading the different
States are using its name and its # machinery for per
sonal purposes only,- and each" set adopts such a
declaration of principles as they deem most advan
tageous in their own States for the present cam
paign. Thus Ohio, Democrats ignore Bryan's platr
form and virtually repudiate Bryan himself; in Mary
land similar tactics are followed; in "Pennsylvania
they declare for a "non-partisan" campaign; while in
Iowa they ostentatiously bid for the Populist vote.
Conceding that something in the way of voting
strength. has been gained by reaffirming the Kansas
City platform, there remains the question whether the
gain is worth having.. Even with the full support of
the Populists in Iowa, the Democrats cannot win
in that State, and their manifestation, of continued
devotion to the*.' exploded fallacies of Bryanism. will
prevent any return of the conservative Democrats.
It is therefore a barren victory and one over which
there will be little exultation even among the Bryan
ites themselves. .
In the debate on the question itwas asserted by
some of- the Bryanite speakers that to" ignore the
Kansas City platform would lose to the party in Iowa
upward of 20,000 voters. The estimate was prob
ably an exaggerated one, made to suit the occasion,
but there is undoubtedly a measurable degree of
truth in it. There are a good many radicals in Iowa,
as was shown by the support General Weaver had
there, and they have been induced to vote for Demo
cracy only because Democratic platforms have con
formed to their peculiar ideas 'about money. To
have ignored their platform would probably have led
to a loss of their, votes, and without them Demo
cracy in Iowa would hardly be more than a faction.
Of course as- Iowa is surely Republican, notonly
for this year but for 1904 as well, the adoption of
the Bryan platform by the Democracy of that State
will hardly have much - political effect. It serves,
however, to show that the free silver man i$ not so
hopelessly in a minority of his party as some persons
have supposed. He and his friends have still strength
enough to make a fight in -some quarters, and will
probably retain it'long enough to be able to' give a
good account of themselves in the next national con
vention.
setback.
BRYAN has received from the Democrats of
Iowa something of consolation for the wrong
put upon him by those of Ohio,- Pennsylvania
and Maryland. In the Iowa State Convention a
majority of the committee on resolutions reported a
platform ignoring the declarations made by the
national convention at Kansas City, but the minority
insisted on a substitute which explicitly reaffirmed '
those declarations, and when a vote was taken, the
substitute received 669^ votes against 550^. So
Bryan scored a victory and the reorgariizers had a
ONE FOR BRYAN.
A double suicide in New England has brought to
light the-fact that a married, man had been for years
making love to - working, girls and ; borrowing their
money in order to get means to support his family,
and now the moralists do not know whether'; to con
demn him for falseness to his sweethearts or praise
him for fidelity to his wife. ¦
Under the Examiner's advice street cleaning
stopped. That prime necessity for the health of the
people ceased.. The teamsters who hauled the waste,
in violation of a contract, urged by the Examiner's
impish malice, refused to keep their agreement and
the thoroughfares of this city will soon need graders
instead of sweepers. The people have the filth blown
in their faces, into their stores and houses, carrying
deathly germs, all that the Examiner's idiotic malice
may be indulged and z few more nickels get into its
cash drawer. "\
When the country produce was put in peril of de
struction, by its evil advice to tie up handling and
shipping, it felt retribution coming, from the coun
try and its counting room conscience was .touched.
Thereupon it began a frantic effort to shift the re
sponsibility to the employers who had nothing to do
whatever with the sympathetic strike of the steve
dores and longshoremen and had no power to end it.
Every farmer knows that the wheat blockadei can be
broken when the stevedores, who quit without griev
ance, return to an employment in which they had no
complaint. Let those who shut the crop out of mar
ket by ordering, the strike without grievance permit
their deluded followers to return to work, and the
crops will move. The employers are not responsible,
no demand involving hours or wages is made upon
them, , and as no concession is asked how can they
grant any? . .
When calm and dispassionate consideration was
needed, the Examiner daily seeks, to excite lawless and
insurrectionary passion, riot, bloodshed and anarchy.
By shameless effrontery and misrepresentation-it
has sought to make the earnest and enterprising
business men of this community appear as inhuman
monsters of greed, indifferent to the rights of their
fellow men, and has held over them the threat of mob
violence, boycott and rapine, which it openly advo
cates.. ¦ ' ¦.:¦ ¦¦;- ¦:'-,:
The Examiner loudly proclaims that the city is
without police protection and invites an invasion
of thugs and thieves, and yet when special police are
employed to furnish protection it denounces that and
saj's their employment is superfluous ana insulting!
It lies shamelessly about the number and character
of assaults upon persons and property by strikers and
their sympathizers, though these have been minimized
by the very police protection which it denounces. In
this land of law and liberty can it be regarded as a
slight thing that even one man in the exercise of an
inalienable right to labor for the support of his fam
ily is beset by a mob, beaten, broken and left to suf
fer, languish and perhaps die? These things occur
numerously every day and yet the Examiner tells its
readers that police protection is unnecessary and an
insult to the strikers! What a devil's roar that paper
would make if such a cowardly mob of employers
should attack and beat a striking employe • as he
walked the street peaceablj-!
In pursuance of its policy the Examiner has vili
fied the Police Department, which has patiently and
temperately done its duty in preserving order. No
honest man can object because a laborer is protected
in his right to work, nor because a merchant's goods
are protected in transit on the streets. The man or
newspaper objecting is at bottom a criminal.
When the Examiner, using as its pretext a lie about
Mr. Frank Symmes, injected itself intothe contioversy
and proceeded to out-Herod Herod, the public was
not surprised. A ripple of amusement passed over
the city, for every one knows that, the only controll
ing principle .of the Examiner is money getting — <lirty
or clean, matters not. No money can come to it foul
enough to soil thehands that grasp it. Its reasoning
was plain. It said: "We will take up the cause of
the strikers. We will shout and outlie everybody.
They number thousands. We will get them to? stop
other papers and take ours. Merchants and manu
facturers have destructible property. They are' timid.
If they stop advertising" we will bully them into com
ing back." Upon that line the Examiner acted. If
the unions had suffered its friendship in silence they
would not have lost ground, for no man is respon
sible for the folly of his fool friends. But they ac
cepted their new leader and ruined their cause. -
The striking employes in San Francisco should
realize by. this time that the Examiner's management
of their case is alienating their friends, antagonizing
their well wishers, and. toughening into steel the
fighting fiber of .their opponents. Left alone, an un
biased public opinion would look kindly upon them.
To-day public opinion in California is wholly against
them". •
A good cause, however; is frequently lost by the
use of bad means in its advancement. When labor
unions are advised to use unlawful means, and to
deny to others the rights claimed for themselves, they
are on untenable ground and cannot win. By seek
ing ends not lawful they sacrifice more desirable
ends that are lawful/ ;• :
EVERY, fair minded man recognizes the right ;of
labor to combine to better its condition, within
. lawful bounds and by lawful means.
BAD ADVICE.
Here, then, js a party, a ; platform and , a ticket
ready-made for any citizen who wishes to get in and
shout for it. Whether- such a party could run with
any success may be questioned, but there can be no
dispute that it could fly— for' it would be a bird. •
--For these mocking critics the Alabama man has
his reply ready. He would, leave Clay and Webster
where-they are.' He would revive nothing^but their
memories and their names and use those .only", for .-a
campaign cry. (For active leadership in the fight he
would nominate: / "For President, Thomas B." Reed
of New York; for Vice President, General Joseph
Wheeler of Alabama." / ~}& : -}~ ''-'f?--
of bygone time. They admit the easeof calling upon
theold Whigs, but they question whether the Whigs
will come. ¦ The age . of Webster and ..of Clay, they
assert, has gon,e ¦ by, and furthermore they deny .'that
anything would be ; gained ¦ if the two * great leaders
came back; for it is not .'known,'- say. the mockers,
that neither of them^could get elected to the Presi
dency even when alive,.
6
Alcazar — "Romeo and Juliet."
Grand Opera-house — "Lord and Lady Algy."
Central— "The «T wo Orphans."
Tivoli— "Mefistofele." « ;
California — "Rosemary."
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Wheels TVithln Wheels."
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon ana
evening..
Fischer* m— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Sutro Baths— Swlmmine.
; Rlngling Brcs.' Circus— Fo'lsom and Sixteenth streets.
Mechanics" Pavilion— Scientific Boxing, Friday eveninjr
August 30.
State Fair and Exposition. Sacramento— September S to 14.
By Jo»m J. Doyle— This day. at 11 o'clock. Horses Bug-
pies, etc., at corner Mission and New Montgomery streets.
AUCTION SALES.
Choice candies. Tnwrs«nd's. Palace Hotel*
CaL glace fruit 50c ver 1b at Townsend'3."
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mon:-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1012. •
Said a pretty pirl to a young man who
had just kissed her, "I like your impu-
dence."
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Siegirt's Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters.*
Call subscribers contemplating: a change of
resldeaee during? the summer month* can httT«
their paper lonrarded by mail to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
This paper Trill also be on sale at all lomuei
renorts and is represented by a local aOrent la
•xll tOTV-oa on the coast.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIRG TOWI FOR THE SUMMER.
Ireland NEXT
Compared- * vi\LL» I
.yy TTri - ' i
The '; ;; _ , ' ; \
Trp.Finr. ' adventukes of a shark charmer. i
11 CUlllU A THRILLING STORY OF THE
OfMv SOUTH SEAS.
— -.. J ;_ A TOWN THAT WAS BUILT IN,ONE*
Boyhood; H0UR I
BY JUDGE' aSt^>N? SBAND - BY \
J. V. COFFEY. " ;j .
HOW TO SEE YOSEMTTE ON FOOT-
- BY GEORGE D. BAIRD. ,'-,
======^= PATHETIC STORY O? -THE MAN IN
RAGS."
Receipts .^In^S^o 1^^
From < . H T AN «(}
The :^=^==^^— '
World's
FWiwAU.;-- x THE SUNDAY CALL \
ramOUS LEADS THEM ALL
Chet L — — —
A2CTTSE3CENT&.Owing to the large Increase of business
in the Custom House at this port the
office of drawback and debenture clerk
has been created in the Naval Office at an
annual salary of $1600. The office has been
filled by Naval Officer Irish by promotions
in order of seniority, J. D. Hunter being
the lucky man. Joseph N. Flint and S. A.
Davis have. been promoted a step, and C.
C. Westover. messenger in the Appraiser's
office, took Mr. Davis' place at the foot of
the ladder, financially speaking, at $1000
per annum.
New Clerk for the Naval Office.
POPULAR BELLE OF THIS CITY, DAUGHTER OF N. H. FOSTER OF
THE SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY, WHO WAS MARRIED LAST
EVENING TO A YOUNG NAVAL OFFICER.
Superintendent W. J. Kelly of the Alms
house filed his annual report yesterday
with the Health Board/ The report shows
the total number of inmates admitted was
1C15, of which 731 were discharged or died.
The yearly cost for each inmate was
$&3 33. The highest number of Inmates
recorded for one day was 1024, on January
27. 1901, the lowest SSO, on June 29, 1901.
Report on Almshouse.
It is alleged that the contract would
have netted great profit for the Cali
fornia Packers' Company, as the price
to be paid was far below market value.
Realizing this fact, the plaintiffs allege,
R. W. Hersey entered into a conspiracy
with W. M. Griffin, Charles B. Bills and
Albert E. Castle, all being interested in
the California Packers' Company, where
by It was made to appear that tTie
prunes had not been purchased by the
California Packers' Company, but by the
California Dried Fruit Agency, and by
it aesold to all the defendants except the
California Packers' Company.
The defendants named, with the ex
ception of the California Packers' Com
pany, it is alleged, appropriated the
prunes and sold them at increased
prices. Hersey, it is claimed, permitted
them to pay the California Packers'
Company just the purchase price of the
prunes, which he then turned over to
the defendants, with the exception of the
California Packers' Company, for their
profit. . f
Through the operation of this alleged
conspiracy the plaintiffs aver that all the
profits went, not to the original con
tractor, but to Hersey and the other de
fendants. The plaintiff stockholders in
the California Company now
seek to enforce the original contract
and compel the other defendants to ac
count to the California Packers' Com
pany for all prunes received, that judg
ment for profits earned may be entered
in favor of the California Packers' Com
pany and'ag-ainst the other defendants.
In the complaint the plaintiffs allege
that on July 30, 1301, the California Pack
ers' Company entered into an agreement
with the California Cured Fruit Asso
ciation for the purchase^ of 24,000,000
pounds of prunes at prices ranging from
1*4 to 1% cents a pound. The sum. of
$50,000 was to be paid on delivery and
$200,000, if the balance due should amount
to this figure, ten days after the prunes
were weighed. After weighing the dif
ference in money between the parties
was to be adjusted and the deal closed.
The plaintiffs in the case are A. G.
Freeman, the S. K. Armsby Company
and the firm of Miller and Hotchkiss.
The defendants are the California Pack
ers' Company, W. M. Griffin, Charles B.
Bills, Albert E. Castle, R. W. Her&ey,
the Griffin & Skelly Company, the Porter
Brothers 1 Company, Charlotte L.. Castle,
Castle Brothers, the California Dried
F"ruit Agency, the Phoenix Dried Fruit
Company, the Phoenix Raisin Seeding
and Packing Company, A. Gartenlaub,
Rosenberg Brothers & Co., the J. B. In
derreiden Company and John R. Adams.
The plaintiffs are stockholders in the
California Packers' Company to the ex
tent of 725 out of the 6025 shares, while
the defendants, Hersey, W. M. Griffin,
Albert E. Castle and Charles B. Bills,
control the corporation, it is claimed.
Santa Clara County's 24,000,000 pounds
of prunes must go to court that it may
be determined who Is their lawful owner.
The outcome of the trouble among xthe
prune dealers, from growers" to jobbers,
that has held the attention of Santa
Clara County for several months past is
a suit filed yesterday in this city to en
force a contract between the California
Packers' Company and the • California
{Cured Fruit Association for the pur
chase of the 24,000,000 pounds of prunes
in Question. .
Agrees to Purchase Millions
of Pounds, but Can't v
Get Them.
California Packers' Com
pany Seeks to En
force Contract.
PRUNE DEALERS
IN LITIGATION
Lieutenant Wurtsbaugh, Instructor at Annap
olis, and fliss Foster Are Harried.
MOTHER^S BRIDAL VEIL
CROWNS TH E D AU GHTE R
FOSTER DENIES
EUREKA IS GOAL
Road Extension of Thirty-
Miles About to Be
Opened.
Lines Are Run Into Timber
"Belt in Sherwood
Valley.
On or about November 1 next the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway Company
will have thirty additional" miles of road
to operate,; going- 'north from Ukiah.
President A. \V. Foster "is pushing on the
work of construction and the track is laid
for a distance of about ten miles. Every
thing Is in readiness to build with all .rea
sonable- speed. A rumor has ! been cir
culated that' the line is about to "be ex
tended to Eureka and that the present
extension is preliminary to the greater
enlargement of the road. v President Fos
ter denies .positively that there is any
present intention of going to Eureka.
"I have never been in Eureka," he said
yesterday, "and all the talk about our
"running our road to that point Is based
upon newspaper stories, none of which
have been authorized. . "With the added
line soon to be opened we wiff run five
miles into the Sherwood - Valley, where
there is a fine body, of redwood timber.
In that section there are enough redwood
trees growing to supply the road for a
term of years. • We are not incorporated
to extend to Eureka, but are now limited
to sixty miles. To go to Eureka would
involve the expenditure of $4,000,OCO to
$5,000,000. The ' company is not now pre
pared to spend that sum In that way."
President Foster also said that the pres
ence of moneyed men, representing the
Seligmans, In the northern country who
have been seen along the line of the lat
est extension, had no significance other
than a purely personal one. They were
not considering any- further road building
and were. only seeking health and recrea
tion. ' According to the stories told the
California Northwestern Railway Com
pany has secured very valuable holdings
of redwood timber. of great extent, which
will be marketed when the conditions-are
favorable.
INVESTIGATION ' INTO ;
BIVER COLLISION
Watchman Erickson and Pilot Hide-
out Give Important Testimony
as to the Signals.
Captains . Bolles ; and Bulger, United
States Jjocal Inspectors of Steam Ves
sels, began on yesterday afternoon an In
vestigation into the sinking of the river
steamer Dauntless last Saturday by the
Mary Garratt. A. L. Levlnsky appeared
as counsel for Eugene P. Rideout, pilot
for the Garratt.
Louis Erickson, bow watchman of the
Dauntless, testified that he saw the Gar
ratt coming- when the steamers were about
three-quarters of a mile apart. He saw
all her lights and she was coming head-on.
The Garratt did not change her course and
the Dauntless went to the right. - Then
the Garratt struck her amidships' and she
went down. Erickson on cross-examina
tion admitted that he had not notified the
captain of the approach of the Garratt.
Pilot Rideout testified that the Daunt
less blew one blast of her whistle and he
gave one blast as answer. He then gave
three blasts and the Dauntles* answered
with four. He then rang the bell to slow
down, stop and reverse. .The investiga
tion will be resumed to-day at 1 p. m.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Suits for divorce were filed yesterday
by Alice O'Connor against J. T. O'Con
nor 'for desertion, Lela M. Church
against Arthur P. Church for cruelty,
and ; Johanna Kennedy against John F..
Kennedy for cruelty*. • -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 29, 1901.
An Insolvent merchant.
Abraham Brick, a merchant of this city,
filed a petition in Insolvency yesterday In
the United States District 'Court. He owes
$3982 and has $1S23 assets.
The United States Grand Jury yester
day reported the following true blll3 of
indictment: Charles L. Clayton, embezzle
ment, and A. C. Barrett and A. B. Urna.
smuggling. The Dlmmick cases are being
considered.
Federal Grand Jury Indictments.
: The official reports of .the'nine" savings
banks of ' San Francisco, ' received " by the
Board of Bank Commissioners • yesterday
show that all 1 the institutions are in a
very prosperous condition. Since August
1900. -there -. has been; a, total increase - of
$7,457,541 79 in deposits and an s increase of
J7.751.S18 93 in assets. -
City Savings Banks Prosperous.
William Howard, a man about 50 years
of age. was arrested yesterday by.Detec
tive Harper and - will- be, booked on j a'
charge of burglary. He is accused of en
tering the residence of J. D. Ralph, 1816A
Ellis street,: on 'the, night of (August 22 by
tthe rear door while the family was In the
front portion of the ¦ house and stealing
about $100 worjh of clothing from' a ward
robe. " , Some of . the ' stolen . articles * were
recovered in Howard's room on ' Market
street, near - Fifth, and the remainder in
a pawnshop on Third street, where he had
pawned them. : .¦ : ; .
Arrested for Burglary.
The Sisters of the Holy Family maintain
a great system of parochial charity In
this city. ¦ They- have establishments in
which they care for over one thousand
children durlngthe day /while the parents
of the little ones are busy working, in fac
tories and canneries. -The Sisters of the
Holy Family giTe a lecture annually and
in this way raise funds to help on the
good work.-
Tickets can be had at the cathedral resi
dence, 1100 Franklin street, or in the vesti
bule of the cathedral before the lecture.
The Rev. Henry J. Woods, S. J., will de
liver a lecture at St. "Mary's Cathedral
this evening for the benefit of the day
homes of the Sisters of the Holy Family.
The subject of .the lecture will be" "The
Claims of Advanced Episcopalianism."
Father "Woods Is himself a convert from
the Episcopal Church. The lecture Is sure
to be an interesting one. • . .
Proceeds of the Entertainment Will
Go to the, Sisters of the
Holy Family.
CONVERT TO CATHOLICISM'
TO LECTTJBE FOB CHABITY
On sale September 5 and 6; Cleveland
and return, $82 50; Buffalo and return,
$87. Southern Pacific Is many miles
shortest, many hours fastest; .finest
scenery; choice of routes. Personally con
ducted excursions.' Information bureau
and ticket office, 613 Market street.
Low Bates East via Southern Pacific.
The attempt of the Odd Fellows' Cem
etery Association to nullify the ordinance
prohibiting the burial of the dead within
the city limits by an action against the
city and county to restrain the Board of
Supervisors and police, from enforcing the
same was thrown out of court by Judge
Seawell yesterday. A motion made by
Attorneys Sims and McEnerny. repre
senting the city, for judgment on the
pleadings was granted.
The attorneys for the city made their
motion for judgment on the pleadings
upon the grounds that there was a mis-
Joinder of parties; that the plaintiff's rem
edy lay not in a bill of equity to declare
the ordinance invalid; that the plaintiff's
case was in the nature of a quasi criminal
prosecution and should have been brought
In the name of the people; that the pros
ecution of a criminal action could not be
restrained by injunction and that the
State could not be made a party to such
a proceeding. . •
Judge Seawell stated that the conten
tions of the attorneys for the city were
based upon recognized precedents and ex
pressed the opinion that the proper rem-"
edy to pursue would be to wait until an
arrest had been made for a violation of
the ordinance and then in defense plead
the unconstitutlonality of the act.
- All of these appointments are to become
effective on the first of September ami it
is generally believed that they are but \\\c
forerunners of other and more important
innovations.. - ' ¦.:¦ - >
E. H. Prentice, division freight and pas
senger agent in charge of the western
division north and west of San Jose
Tracy, Lathrop and -Stockton, includi-i~
the Amador and Lodi branches, has been
promoted to the charge of the line went
of Ogden, to and including Colfax Cal
His headquarters will -be at Reno Ncvi
G. T. Forsyth will be given the place left
vacant by the transfer of Prentice Mr
Forsyth will have his headquarters at
Oakland. , .,'.-.
C. M. Buckhalter will be given chaise
of the Tucson division, with headquarters
at Tucson, Ariz. The agency at Sacra
mento will be given to C. J. Jones who
will have chajrge of all the territory no-th
of Sacramento and south of Ashland.' Or
He will also control affairs west of Colf/ix
including the Placervllle .branch. '
R. B. 'Miller will be appointed general
freight and passenger agent of the linos
in Oregon, with headquarters at Portland
and C. H. Markham willbe made asslsr
ant freight traffic manager of the Pacific
system and lines in Oregon, with his office
in San Francisco. -¦.¦-.. ¦. .*
In pursuance of the policy of consolida
tion of traffic offices and following out his
plans "of reorganization Traffic Director J.
C. Stubbs has announced a number of im
portant changes in the personnel of > the
force: of subordinate officers which will
look after the freight and traffic business
of-tne tremendous corporation of which
he is the chief executive officer. These
change? are the result of the consolida
tion of the Union and Southern Pacific
offices in a number of the large cities ani
give to Ihe different divisions of the traffic
departments a practically new list of
commanders. ;
Traffic Manager Stubbs
Announces Pro
motions.
An, Equity Suit Against
Ordinance Not Proper
Legal Remedy.
CEMETERY CASE
OUT OF COURT
home of the bride's parents.
Mr- and Mrs. N. H. Foster, on "Walnut
street. It was an extremely pretty wed
ding and In compliment to the groom the
stars and stripes, the union jack and
the national colors were made conspicu
ous in the scheme of decoration.
The Rev. Dr. Weeden of St. Luke's per
formed the ceremony in the presence of
100 Invited guests. Miss Ruth Foster,
sister of the bride, acted as maid of honor
and Lieutenant T. \V. Foster, commander
of the Farragut. -was best man. ' Miss
Jessie Fllmore, Miss Jessie Ewing, Miss
Eleanor Warner and Miss Elsie Clark
officiated as bridesmaids. Lieutenant
Palmer. TJ. S. N.: Lieutenant Morton, U.
S. N.; Lieutenant D. \V. Todd, U. S. N.,
and Dr. Stone, U. S. N., acted as ushers.
The bride wore a magnificent gown of
MISS MABEL FOSTER and
Lieutenant Daniel Wilbert
Wurtsfcaush, TJ. S. N., were
married last evening at the
CHANGES AMONG
MINOR OFFICERS
Lieutenant and Mrs. Wurtsbaugh will
leave this morning for a bridal trip, keep-
Ing their destination a secret. They will
return for a short stay in this city,
previous to going to Annapolis, where
Lieutenant Wurtsbaugh has recently been
appointed Instructor.
a pretty romance that began in Honolulu
three years ago. Miss Foster while on a
visit to the islands met Lieutenant Wurts
baugh,-who was there on the Baltimore.
Shortly af.terward the naval lieutenant
came on a visit to this city and the ac
quaintance bejjun In Honolulu was re
newed.. Before .Lieutenant -Wurtsbaugh
left for China he and Miss Foster were
engaged to be married.
Lieutenant Wurtsbaugh's bride is the
daughter of N. H. Foster, assistant to the
manager of the Southern Pacific. . She is ;i
petite blonde, charming and accomplished
and a great social favorite. Lieutenant
Wurtsbaugh was grad-iated from Annapo
lis in '96. ,For his splendid service in
China in the 3eymour expedition he was
advanced • four points "for eminent and
conspicuous service."
white chantllly lace. The skirt was made
en train and t ho corsage ¦ trimmed : with
chiffon." The veil and wreath of orange
blossoms worn hy the bride were the same
her mother, wore on her bridal day. -Miss
Ruth Foster, the maid of honor, wore a
dainty gown of blue point d'esprit and
carried a • bouquet of -white carnations
The bridesmaids were attired ' alike in
pretty gowns: of white point d'esprit and
carried bouquets of red carnations.
The wedding of Miss Foster and Lieu
tenant Wurtsbaugh is the culmination of
7
AMUSEMENTS.
Call on L. D. CRAIG, S16, or Traveler Oftice,
2*> /Montgomery St., or MRS. KATE J. WIL-
LETTS, room 64. Flood building. San Fran-
cisco, or ¦n-rlte to CRAIG & WARNER, man-
agers. Highland Springs, Cal.
The months of September and October at
Highlands are simply beautiful, bright, sunny
days, cool nights. Hunting. Fishing, Riding.
Driving. Every Comfort and Amusement.
Rates from September I to May I,
$10 and $12 per week; $35, $40
and S45 per month.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS : : :
NEW* ADVERTISEMENTS.
if* fl R 1 1 H$ P S fa w FRANCISCO'S
vULUIvl^lA LEADING THEATRE
LAST WEEK. MATINEE SATURDAY. "
DANIEL FROHMAN'S CO.
With HILDA SPONG.
First time here of the Madison-Square Theater
(N. T.) Comedy Success,
WHEELS within WHEELS
By R. C. CARTON.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
BEGINNING NEXT MONDAY
CHARLES FROHMAN will present
ANNIE RUSSELL
In R. Marshall's Comedy of Romance.
A ROYALJFAMILY.
SEAT SALE BEGINS
THIS MORNING.
QPHPIA! T NOTICE TO FIRST
drtulAL i NI6HT SUBSCRIBERS
SUBSCRIBERS MUST CALL FOR
THEIR OPENING MGHT TICKRTS
NO L4TF.R TH»N SATURDAY PRE-
CEDING THE OPENING DUF. ON
TriB FOLLOWING MO>'DAYA'ORN-NG
ALL UNCALLED-FOR SUBSCRIBERS'
TICKETS WILL BE PLACED ON SALE
TO-NIGHT!
The World's Most Wonderful Love Story.
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
And WHITE WHITTLESEY In
Romeo. and Juliet.
Superbly Mounted! Elegant Costumes!
Powerful Cast!
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY! — -
Next Week INGOMAR
j? ;
Evenings' at 8 Sharp. Matinee at 2 Sharp.
TO-NIGHT. Sunday Night and Saturday
Matinee,
THE GREAT PRODUCTION of the SEASON!
••••••MEFiSTOFELl......
Friday and Saturday,
...IL TROVATORE......
NEXTjWEEK "NORMA" and "MIGNON"
POPULAR PRICES... 25c. 50c and 75c
, . ; Telephone Bush 9.
BARGAIN ta THV- 25c and
MATINEE IIMJAI— -50c.
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MK. JAMBS ANDTHH
NF?ILL neill
/ W W£ ILwArW COMPANY.
Presenting the Clever, Lovely, Charming Com-
edy.
"ROSEMARY."
Evening 25c, 33c, 50c, 75c, $1.00
Saturday Matinee 23c, 50c, 75c
NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT! '
The Brilliant Society Drama,"
"mis id«=:ml husband,"
By Oscar Wilde. -
SEATS THURSDAY.
BASEBALL. |?
OAKLAND vs. SAN FRANCISCO.
To-day, Friday and Saturday at 3:15.
SUNDAY AT 2:30 P. M.
RECREATION FARK,
: Eighth and Harrison streets. --
FOR MIDDLEWEIGHT CHAMPIONSHIP
KID CARTER Ys.6E0RGf GARDNER
« 20 ROUNDS!-
KID McFADDEN vs. TOM HERMAN.
" ; — —13 ROUNDS!- ""
FRIDAY EVENING, August 30/ •
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
FISCHER' S concert, house.
riO\jnEit\O. Admission 10c.
. The Paloma Quartet. Marietta Worth and
Co., Joe Edmunds, - Fannie Raymond, Camelia
and Amelita, P. A. Duns worth, Coleman and
Mexis ?and*-Hlnrlchs*' Orchestra.
Reserved ¦ Seats, 25c Matinee Sunday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SH Hour*' Rifle From Los Angeles, Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishlns Tour-
cstntnt. auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our Famous Marine Band.
The Society Resort. ¦
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always cp*n. Golf and Tennis Tournamsnts.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE.
for full information, hotel rates, unique ar-
ranreznenls for camping and illustrated p*zn-
phlets apply to
E. C. PECK. Agent.
10 Montgomery st.. San Francisco.
Or BANNING CO..
23 South Fprlnir st.. Los Aneeles. CaL
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
Finally the scientific student has discov-
ered a certain remedy for dandruff. When
it first became known that dandruff is the
result of a germ or parasite that digs into
the scalp and saps -the vitality of hair at
the. root, causing falling hair and bald-
ness, biologists set to work to discover
some preparation that will kill 'the germ.
After a year's labor in "one laboratory the
dandruff germ destroyer was discovered,
and it is now embodied in Newbro's Hero-
iclde, which, besides curing baldness arid
thinning hair,, speedily and permanently
eradicates dandruff. "Destroy the cause,
you remove the effect." - . •
A Preparation That Will Destroy the
Dandruff Germ Discovered.
SCIENCE SCORES AGAIN.
OWN A ROME "ffiF'CAW MEEKER
Buy lots $10 up: cottages built by Meeker, SSO
up: boating, bathing, tenting ground free; saw-
mill, depot. «rtore. po^tofflce at camp: board
end lodging $6; take-Sautsalito ferry. $3 round
trip. Address U. C MEEKER, or H, It
GREGSON. Csmp Meeker. Sonoma County.
For rest mflfiegltlHN THE SIERRAS
near Coif ax on C. P. E. B. Elevation Just right —
2400 ft— 186 miles from San Fr. No staging: good
table; finest soenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds. J!.M» week. Send for
booklet. Orchard Spring?. Colfax. CaL
The most attractive summer and winter re-
port In Lake County. Boating, bathing, bowl-
ing, tennis, new livery, walks and boats. A
marine toboggan JBO feet long. Write for cir-
cular. EfVAR DURXAN. Laurel Dell. Lake
County. Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
IHurtrat»« folder. WM. J. WTIITS. Oen.
Af«it, «38 Market «t.. crposlte Palace Hotel.
P. F.: tel. Black SS7L
BIO OAK FLAT AND TOREMITE STACK
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumns
Big Tre* Qrtrr*. Lowest rates oa the market.
Special rates for Ep worth Leagurrs. Staging
2*4 boors flr«t afternoon and 8 hours next day.
firrlvlnr at Tosenslte Valley S p. m. Bend for
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
fl tf ft /"S /^ rt H0T SPRINGS. SONOMA
A/f /jl7t7rS Co '- only ** hours from
Ufl/l WW/U San Francisco: but 9 miles
rtaglnif : ¦waters noted for
medicinal virtues ; best natural bath In State;
cood trout 6treams; telephone, telegraph, daily
mail and express; first -class hotel and stars
rervic«: niOTTing and afternoon stages; round
trip from fi. V. only S3 B0. Take Tlburon ferry
•t 7:80 a. m. or 3.S0 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or
1*3 a week. Reference* — Any cufst of the pa^t
fix years. Purther information 8t Traveler of -
ftc*; a llcntgorrcry St., or of J. P. MUL-
CREW. Fkacrs. Cal. -;
I tTT \% *wf ~ — ~ ' MM. T. ¦-- ~~ *^ *^"^
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Rare sport
durlnr the deer season. Pack of hounds,
rwlmmlnsr and fine table. Address VIC PON-
CELET. Llasas, CaL
P. O. EL VEKAXO, Cal.. Vera.no Station
OClngs Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Terms
fl per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAK-
DOU, Lessee. -
BELLEVUE HOTEL.
Th« only -place In the United Elates where
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electrio Waters; Champagne Baths; Spring*
J^umerous; Bath« Unequaled. Three miles from
CkUh. J- A. REDEMEYER & CO..
Proprietors.
vicht spnmes.
nbTiriANs/^ apparatus.
HC .WrP. Photog**, 5c , £NTIrlc
6^2 Market 5t. -instruments
.UNDER CHROMlCLt BUH.DIN&. CATALOGUE TRIE.
Ocu'ists' Prescription Glasses
made to order in one hour.
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises.
PHONE MAIN 10.
....WORK.
EXPERT
EYE-GLASS
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
ETAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Laka-
port and Bartlett Borings. . Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hosland at
12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 2:30; arrive at
B&rttett Springs at 7:30. New 6-horse 14-paa-
Eenrer tourist wagons, made to order for thi*
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passenger* for Lakeport or Bartlstt
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Etsfe Line.
MILLER A HOWARD. Proprietors.
San Franclieo, Cal.
Boarding School for Girls. Accredited by
universities of California and Leland Stanford
Jr., also Vaesar, Smith and Wellesley colleges.
Reopens AugUEt 12. 1901. - - - .. ... . ••
SARAH D. HAMLIN 1 . Principal. \
HAMLIN SCHOOL and VAN NESS SEMINARY
1849 JACKSON STRFET,- \
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 11 p. in.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION* 10c CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including sdmlsison, 23c Children, 20c.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23.
CHUTES and ZOO
In Their Latest Novelty,
THE MIKADO MINSTRELS !
THE AMATEURS
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
BEtASCO^oTHAlCSjr^i^
Gg u hk n H fS *vl fl *i *¦' 5lL
* mKstt car iuua
TO-NIOHT, Every Evening This Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAT.
Magnificent Revival of the Great Melodrama.
THE
...TWO ORPHANS...
. Great Cast— Annette Marshall as Henrlette. -
PR If* I- ? Evenings 10c. 13c. 25c, 35c. 50c
rniWCa Matinees 10c. 15c, 23a
NEXT TUESDAY EVENING,
Inltal Production of Edward Eisner's Biblical
"A VOICE FROH D TDE WILDERNESS."
This Theater will be closed next Monday ev'g.
To-night* a handsome AUTOGRAPHED SOU*
VENIR PHOTOGRAPH of DANIEL.
FRAWLEY will be jriven to -
Each lady present.
. MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT.
FAREWELL NIGHTS OF t
DANIEL FRAWLEY AND COMPANY
Presenting
LORD AND LADY ALGY.
A Comedy in Three Acts by R. C. Carton.
The Same Popular Prices Will Prevail— 10c, 13c,
25c, 50c, 73c.
Gtod Orchestra Seat AH Matinees. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
NEXT WEEK.
JOSEPH HAWORTH in "ROSEDALB."
30 VAUDEVILLE CELEBRITIES!
NOVELTIES TO BTTB1T!
Lucille Saunders, the ? Great Powell
and His Company, the Cragg Fam-
ily, and the Biograph. X,ast times
of Richard Jose, the Four Otts,
Lefebre's Saxophone Quartet, Be-
marc and Rilay, Louise Thomdyks
Boucicault and Company.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c. . ; .
EXHIBITION GK0CND8, fOLSOJC AND 15TH 8TS.
. ..TO-DAY....
This afternoon at 2, to-night at 8, and every
afternoon v and night until Sept. 1 inc. Doota
open at 1 2nd 7 p. m. -
RUG BROS.'
Sf« w - CIRCUS.
Biggest. Grandest and Most Complete Arealc
Exhibition on Earth!
ZIT General admission, 50c: children under 13
years, half price. Reserved numbered seats
and admissions during- the entire engagement
at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s music warerooma.
cor. Kearny anJ Sutter sts., at exactly tha
same pried' as charged at regular ticket wa-
gons on show grounds. *
Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants and reporters as teachers; Grepg
shorthand, the easiest, fastest and most read-
able Day and evening. FULL COURSE. JGO.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE!
1236 Market Street.
Specialist. ,-•, Disease
and /weakness ? of
m e n.~, : , Established
1SS1. . Consultation
and : private I book
free,' at offlcs or by
mall. Cures guar r
anteed. T31 : Mar-
ket street (eleva-
tor, entrance), " San
Francisco.
DR.MEYERS&CO.
AN ACCREDITED PREPARATORY SCHOOL
for the university, law and medical colleges;
references. President Jordan or any Stanford
professor. Phelan Building.
THE LYCEUM,
Xmas Term Will Commence August U,'
Major Qeo. C. Collins. Commandant. .-<¦-" ¦ • '¦
REV. C. HITCHCOCK. Principal.
THE HITCHCOCK SCHOOL,
SAN RAFAEL, CAL. ~ |
f| fl TT- n Oil 1 I ' Corner Fourth and
I It L L Li 1 1 V A I Market. . S. F. Try
WML nu I Htg^^^Msa
¦valises checked Ifree.
DS. HALL'S REINVIG0RAT0RR3g*|
nve hurvJred reward for any ftlatraS;
case we cannot cure. Thla secret ¦¦ ¦
remedy 6tops loseet In 24 hours, Bl^ H
cures EmlMliiis, Irr.potency. Varl- fcgg jg2j
cocele. Stricture*. Gleet, Drains, ffjui tTtUl
I»et Manhood and al! other wast- fcWU L*jt^
1c? efTects of self-abuF* or excess- F^_>&s|
**. Sent wsalel. ti bottle: 3 bottles. "^VT**:
15; guarantee! to cure any case. Address
HALL'S MEniCAL INSTITUTE. 655 Broad-
way. Oakland; C*l- A1( "> tor saIe at ¦
Market Ft.. S. F? All, private diseases quickly
cured. Bend lac tree book.
PLANTATION HOUSE— Eighteen miles from
Cezadero, on Et&ge line. Good trout fishing:,
plenty fruit, cream, milk, free conveyance for
parties of 3 or more; crand redwood scenery.
Addren J. L/uttrinxer. Seaview. Sonoma Co.. or
apply Mr. Kruse. 207 Front rt.. for particulars.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGE OF THE WEST
24 Post, et.. San .Francisco. Cat.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open Entire Year.
¦Write for 80-page catalogue (free).
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Positively cured by these"
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Kating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness, Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tonjrae. Pain in
<he Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
JgpARraS
Meffi&jlEr I y 3 * fa
TEETH lint' PLATES
$5.00.
TThy wear cumbersome plates when you
can have teeth without them?
Dental Co.,
ImUU- 133 Powell Street,
siesta. Saa Francisco.
Gattle and ilor^E^ nvJ
p-AirtY Contests. ?
.-^ikotf rates Yon fj%£&t
Gjfrrie d Fr e e ~ •
fop particulars Write
&oW Jackson. ./A.JB.§precke4
>SEC'ty. _ .;.> President.-
rALAvu .
- . _ ' • These Hotels possess
AND the attributes that tour-
_ *** lsta and - travelers ap-
CDANH predate — central loca-
laKAflU tlon> Hteral manaye-
HATCT C ment. modern * appot.it-
nil 1 EL J, ments and perfect cut.
cine.
San ' American and Euro-
pean plans.
Francisco. .
eornuwiT noo tr thi moots* a uhu co.' oinciknati.
• H QW TO ECONOMIZE.
f* "|OME men economize so closely on the
number of words in a tclegranl that the
receiver can not understand it. This is not
i I sensible economy. Neither is it sensible
economy to ruin garments of value with cheap
soap or powerful chemicals, that eat into the fabric
True economy uses Ivory Soap in the laundry. |
It is the most of pure soap that can be sold for the
money* Chemically it is as innocent as water. Yet
it does everything you can ask of a" soap. Try it 1
ADVERTISEMENTS."
I Pleasant 9
I Hours
h Swiftly, Flying 1 — jj
|! Those spent on the j
I California Limited
I* as it rushes and races f|
H ' across the country from «
jfj San Francisco .to Chicago Eg
M in 75 hours. [|
|| leaves San Francisco at M
h 9 a. m. every Monday H
Ej and Thursday on the y
I Santa Fe I
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMZNTS.FRUIT AXP WHEAT BULLETIN.
i WEDNESDAY. Aug. 2S— 2 p. m.
tjniteeJ states bonds."
• ..; Bid.Ask. . . Bld.Ask.
4s quar coup. ..113 imj 4s quar (new).137Vil38
4s quar reg.... 113 113Vi 3s quar coup.,108|i — ,
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
The Kings County Oil Company's assessment
fell delinquent; yesterday. The delinquent as
sessment sale of Blue Goose has been post
poned to September 23. '
In the afternoon Honokaa was firmer, selling
up to J12. The oil stocks sold briskly, but
were not firm. . -•-«,. . , -_
There were • no' changes worthy of- note on
the morning ; session of the Bond Exchange.
The oil stocks were less active and the general
feeling was weak, as will be seen by the quo
tations.1SW6^S|WU^«al35fOTBJ8««<-
1. SHEEP— Receipts, 17,000.'. • Sheep 'and- good
lambs,, steady; "common "lambs, "weak; good to
choice .wethers, $3 25@4;" fair to choice mixed
„ CHICAGO, Aug. 5 28.— CATTLE— Receipts, 16.
500,. including 1000 Texans and 3000 Western/;
steers generally 10@lSc^ higher; Texans," steady.
Westerns, "' 10c ' higher ; butchers' 5 stock,' ''. 10@15c
higher. *, Good to prime steers," $5 5p(S6 30; poor
to medium, - $3 75@5 40; stockers \ and ?£ feeders,
slow,. $2 25@4 23; cows; $2 45@4 40; heifers,* $2 50
(g4 85; canners', >$1 25#2 40; bulls,' "" $2 25@4 40;
calves,'- steady, . $3@5 S3;- Texas- steers, $} 40g,5-
Texas 1 grass steers, j {3 50©3 95; Western steers'
$3 9O@5. ..... a- .' .', .-- . —. ¦; :',
v. HOGS— Receipts, •• 27,000; ; to-morrow,' , 28,000
left over,' 4000; active, 5c higher; top, : $6 52Vj;
mixedt and '$5 75@6 47%; -good to
choice "heavy, '.= $5 9006 52V4 ; - rough heavy, 1 $5 70
0585 ; . light. : $5 70@« 37>,4 ; . bulk of sales.' $6®
Eastern Livestock -Markets.
TACOMA, Aug. 2S.— It is announced that
a syndicate of Chicago German capital
ists, headed by William -O'Donnell. a
mining man of Baker City, Oregon, has
leased 35,000 acres- of the best timber lands
on Vancouver Island from the Canadian
Government and will erect ai tide water
a sawmill plant to cost $500,000. It wtll be
an export mill, shipping chiefly to South
Africa, the Orient and Australia The
timber lands are situated./ on Albernl
Canal. 12o miles north of Victoria, and are
estimated to comprise 1.5OO.J0O.0OO feet of
timber. The leases run frcm eighteen to
thirty years. O'Donnell left last nifht for
Chicago. < , * 4U *
mense Mill 011 VancouYei
Island.' ! '.'..
Chicago Syndicate to Put Up an Im-
LEASES A VAST TRACT, ,
OF TIMBER LAND
The ¦ large \ cargo J of the j Mandalay continues
a j disturbing j element . ln the Butter . market,
and seems , to have checked the advance, 'es
pecially in the medium and lower grades. The
feeling is < easy and ; the demand is less . keen.
Cheese continues firm. ¦ • \ - . -.- ••.-••
¦ The situation : in . Esgs remains about as be
fore. C While stocks .are not liberal, there are
enough here to go around, and no further ad
vance : is reported. -. .
;: Receipts were; 35.000 pounds of Butter, 599
cases of Eggs, 480 cases of Eastern Eggs, 30,200
pounds of California Cheese. , , ¦
BUTTER— Creamery, 26@27c per lb for fancy
and 23c for seconds; dairy. 18@24c: store But
?er, ¦' 15@17%c per -lb: ¦ Creamery Tub. 18@2Oc;
Pickled Roll," 17019c;, Keg. 16@18c per lb.
•CHEESE — New, lie; old,' . nominal ;. Young
America, ll%c per lb: Eastern," 13igl5c. • ¦
¦1 EGGS— Ranch, - 24@27%c !¦ for . good to fancy;
store, 17@22c.per dozen; Eastern, 16@21c. .' ¦
Butter-: Cheese and Eggs.
NEW - YORK, Aug. 28.— The : cotton market
opened ' firm, J with ' prices \ 1 f point ' lower , to ' 4
points * higher and j Immediately -following 'the
call displayed -strength on room Covering, mod
erate .buying, and absence of selling pressure.
The market, finally was steady, net 4ig~6 points
lower. ' " -'«-•':•
Nczu York Cotton . Market.
GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1@1 25; Hare, $1
fijil 25 ;. Rabbits. $1 25 for Cottontail and $1 for
Brush. - . -. .. - . -
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 9@10c for Gobblers
and 10@12c for Hens; Geese, per pair. $1 50©
1 75; , Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $3@3 50 for
old and $3 50@5 for young; Hens, $3 50@5;
young 1 Roosters, $5@6 50; old Roosters, $3 50®
4 50; Fryers. . $4 50; Broilers. $3 50@4 for largo
and $2@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per
dozen for old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs.
The demand and supply about balanced and
the market ¦ showed little • change.
Poultry and Game
Flour. . qr sks.... 32,028 Hops bales 3
Wheat, cth« 320 Wool, bales 77
Barley, ctls .:... 9.780 Sugar, ctls j 3 009
Oats, ctls ........ 10,700 Tallow, ctls .... '0
Beans, sks;...,.. 51 Wine, gals 32.050
Potatoes, sks • 5.5r>2 Leather, rolls .. 114
Onions, sks ...... • 3S.% Quicksilver flks. 135
Bran, sks ....... 3,525 Lime. -bbls .. 273
Middlings, sks .. 365 Hides. No 742
Hay. tons ,633 Pelts, bdls ...... 430
Straw, tons ...... 5 1 ,
Flour, qr sks.... 1.020|Bran, sks 440
Oats, ctls ....... 560)
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. AUGUST 28.
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
WEDNESDAY Aug. 23—1 p. m.
Alpha ....". 02 04 Justice 03 03
Alta 03 05 Kentuck — 02
Andes 01 03 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 03 03 Mexican 12 13
Best & Belcher 08 03 Occidental ....; 01 03
Bullion 01 0* Ophir 77 73
Caledonia 17 IS Overman OS VO
Challenge Con. 21 21 Potosl ..i.- -04 Oo
Chollar 04 O-^Savage 06 U7
Confidence 8« S9 Scorpion '....... — .01
Con Cal & Va.l 80 1 83 S#g BelcheT.... — 01
Con Imperial.. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 13 It
Con New York. — 01 Sliver Hill .... 32 33
Crown Point... 05 <¦ 06 St Louis- ..-08
Eureka Con.... 13 — Standard — 3 50
Exchequer..... — 02 Syndicate — os
Gould & Curry 09 10 Union Con .... 09 P
Hale &, Norcrs 19 20 Utah 03 03
Julia — 02 Yellow Jacket. 19 20
Cash quotations were a s follows
Flour.,- barely steady: No. •• 3 ¦' spring- wheat
67%@69c; No. 2 red, _ 71%c; No. i 2 corn.- yellow.
Whiat^o" '-— ° Pen ' H * gh -' Low - Close!
September.". ..'. 69% 70 69'* ' 63'i
December,... 72 72% 71% : -71 it
M CornNo.-2- -^ \ •^J 5 * .¦
September 54% 55Vi V 53% 54
December .57%. 58 .56% .56%
•••'.¦. 53 V 6 °* £«*!
S£.::::::::: -.-& W ' m
May... 38 3S54 ' 3754 ¦• tiiZ
Mess Pork,, per barrel- - H "^
September ~...:U 20 .14 20- 14 .12% 14 I7U
October ..;... ..*... .14 27%- 14 30 14 25 i 14 30?
January ........ .:..15 40 15 45. , 15 27% 15 37%
- Lard, per 100 pounds— ¦. ,••¦•'¦ ' -
September 8 87% 8 87% - 8 82% , 8 82<i
October ............ 8 92% 8 93 ' 8 90- 8 90
January ..8 77% .J8 SO 8 72% ; 8 75
Short Ribs, per 100 • pounds— • '¦¦¦•- ¦ ¦ ¦ ¦ • ¦ ; .
September 8 37%. ¦ 8 37% 8 27% : 8 27%
October ..:... : 8 37% .< 8 42% 8 32% -8 35 *
January '..... ¦' 7 90 , , ¦ 7 90; (C7 85 - ,;7 83, '
Provisions opened steady, with prices a shade
lower. The . feature to the trading was the
liquidation resulting from the. steady advance
on both near-by and deferred deliveries during
the past week. . The close was 5 cents lower for
pork and lard and 7% cents lower for ribs
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CHICAGO, Aug. 28.— Wheat ruled weak at the
opening and prices were . a shade ; lower, the
bear feature being the heavy Northwest fj re
ceipts. Under the influence of. the strength ln
corn, steady cables and reports of good, cash
demand, both at Duluth and New York, prices
advanced, but later In sympahy with corn and
on a lack of outside support the market weak
ened again. Liquidation • was the prevailing
feature, with but little new • buying demand.
December opened %c to Uc lower at'7l%@72c,
and after an early advance to 72%@72%c prices
gradually sagged, the low point, being reached
at 71%c. The close was %c lower at 71%c.
There was considerable strength exhibited
early ln corn, brought about by renewed buy
ing, mostly on short account. . Local, longs and
many commlsison house bulls were disposed to
unload their holdings, influenced by the rela
tively large primary receipts, reported improve
ment in crop condition and slow. export demand,'
and a reaction followed. December closed with
a loss of %c at 56%@56%c.
Oats followed corn all day. December closed
%c lower at 35Vic. : . . . •
Spelter ruled Inactive but about steady at
$4 37%. .London market was "unchanged at £17.
Iron continues. Inanimate and nominal at $10
for pig Iron warrants; No. 1 Northern foundry,
$15<S15 50; No. 2 foundry, : Southern, $14 75<fp
15 25; No. 1 foundry, Southern soft, $14 75@15 25.
Glasgow, warrants closed at 53s 6d and Middles
boro at 43a. ; . . : ¦. - . . ¦ .
Lead was dull and unchanged at ' home and
abroad, closing at $4 37%. and £11 15s 9d respec
tively. • '¦;,. •. . •
Copper in London declined 3s Id under a lack
of buyers and closed easy in tone at £66 10s for
spot and £66 17s 6d for. futures. Here . the
copper market was featureless and nominally
unchanged at 16%@17c for Lake and 16%@16%c
for casting. . • ' ' ,
An advance of 12s 6d was scored in London.
the price on covering recovering to £116 2s 6d
for spot and £112 for futures.
NEW YORK, Aug. 2S.— In local metal circles
tin ruled rather quiet all day, but about steady,
with, the asking rate somewhat higher, while
buyers refused to bid any more than $25 50 for
spot tin. The close was steady at $25 50@25 97%.
N civ York Metal Market.
Temperature at 7 a. m., 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENER\L
FORECAST.
Generally cloudy. weathe/. prevail* over Arl
zona f ana foggy along the coast of Northern
The pressure has ris«-n rapidly over the
routhern portion of the Pacific Slope and fallen
over the extreme northern. An arc-a- of high
iraaiFe is central off the California coast
£i! e '?' iS lowest In Southern Arizona
m^o^XraTd SsV^ver 'Ve^on^d
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, pndinar midnight. August 29 19?[- tmny
iNorthprn California— Fair Thursday "«c»nt
forsry along the coa Ft; fresh southwest wind
Southern California— Fair Thursday oxce'nt
w£rt d "^ in!?"* lhC °° a8t '" th , e m «"-nlng; light
NVvada-Fair Thursday: light northwest
Fan Frandsco and vldnlty-Generally cloudy
and foggy Thursday; fresh southwest wind.
Ch icago Gra in Ma rket.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l%@2c; String
Beans, l@3c; 1 Limas, 2<g/3c; Cabbage, 55@60c
per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 25@50c; from
Alameda, 50<g65c; .Dried "Peppers, 10@12%c;
Green Okra, 35@50c per box ; Carrots, 23@35c
per sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 30@40c; Pickles, l>4
@l%c per lb for small and le for large; Garlic,
2@3c; Green Peppers, 30@50c.per box for Chile
and 25@50c for Bell; Egg Plant, 25@40c per box:
Green Corn, 35c@$l per sack; Alameda, $1@1 25
per crate; Berkeley, 75@85c; Summer Squash,
large boxes, 30@40c; New Marrowfat Squash,
nominal.
Vegetabks are about as before quoted.
POTATOES— $1 20@l 45 in sacks and $1 35®
1 65 ln boxes for Burbanks, $1@1 15 for Garnet
Chiles and $125 for Early Rose; Salinas Bur
banks, $1 40@l 60; Sweets. 75c@$l for Rivers and
$1 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— Yellow, $1@1 15 per ctl; Pickle
Onions, 60@75c per ctl. - ¦• . - ¦ * -
The Potato market Is still quoted active on
shipping account at firm prices, the demand be
ing far from satisfied. • Onions continue to ad
vance, and' receipts have been falling off sharp
ly for .several days. .There is no further de
cline in Sweet Potatoes.
Potatoes, Onions and .'Vegetables.
200 Belcher 03 700 Con Cal & Va..l 80
300 Best & Belcher. OS IOO Crown Point 05
300 Caledonia IS 200 Mexican r»
700 Challenge Con.. 20 1300> Yellow Jacket.. 1$
600 Challenge Con.. 21 300 Yellow Jacket., tt
900*Challenge Con.. 22
Afternoon Session
Morning Session.
500 Belcher .'. 03 300 Mexican 13
150 Caledonia 17 500 Sierra Nevada. U
200 Challenge Con. 13 300 Yellow Jacket. 17
400 Con Cal & V.I 77% 30O Yellow Jacket. 13
400 Con Cal & Va.1 80 t
The following, were the sales in the Pad3o
Stock Exchange yesterday:
300 Belcher 03 200 Mexican U
800 Best & Belcher 08 200 Ophir 78
600 Caledonia ; 17 200 Yellow Jacket. 13
400 Hale & Norcrs 20
Afternoon Session
1000 Challenge 17 600 Overman OS
150 Confidence 80 100 Yellow Jacket. 13
200 Crown Point... 05 100 Yellow .Jacket. IS
500 Mexican 11 400 Yellow Jacket. 17
Morning Session.
The following ware the sales ln tha Saa
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day: . ' ',
MINING STOCKS.
OILS— Linseed Oil continues to decline.
California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1. 70c
pure, $122: .Unseed Oil, in barrels, boiled
69c; raw, 67c"; cases. 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, SOc: cases, S5c; China
Nut, 65@72c per gallon;, pure Neatsfoot Oil.
barrels, 67%c;- cases, 72%c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil, natural white. 40@45c per gallon-
Fish Oil, in barrels. 3T%c; cases. 42%c
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. ln bulk.
13c; Pearl OH. In cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c; Extra Star, 23c; Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c
deodorized stove gasoline, in bulk, 15c; ln
vases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases. 20c
86-dcgree Gasoline, In bulk. 20c; in cases, 28c'
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon in cases and
52c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quqtes. per pound, in 100-lb bags-
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed 5 20c-
Powdered, 5.05c; Candy Granulated, o.05c- 'Dry
Granulated, 4.S5c; Confectioners" A. 4.95c- Fruit
Granulated, 4.95c; Beet Granulated, 4.85c- Mag
nolia A, 4.55c; Extra C. 4.45c; Golden C 4 35c
barrels, 10c more: half- barrels, 25c more; boxes'
50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more.. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent.
Dominos, half-barrels. 5.45c; boxes, 5./0c per lb
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay. $5 60; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 ln
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14; Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions. JS 45
per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand. _
GRAIN BAGS— Cotton Fruit Bags are higher
and Jute lower. Calcutta Grain Baps, 7?;
@77sc; local make. Me less than Calcuttas;
Wool Bags. 33@35c; Fleece Twine. 7%<g8c; Frail
Bags, 5%@6%c for cotton and 7@7%c for Jute.
General Merchandise.
Board — •*>»' .¦
100 Home Oil 3 go
300 Junction 35
1500 Lion : 12
10O0 Lion 13
200 Oil City Petroleum -....; 23
100O Monarch 33
. 100 Peerless 57s
500 Reed Crude 40
200 Sterling 1 5214
Morning Session.
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXQHAN.GE.
Beans are dull at the moment, but it is said
that there is still a large September short in
.terest, which will have to fill its contracts with
in the next thirty days. Part of the recent ad
vance was due to the running up of prices on
these shorts. Regarding the Michigan crop,
which is a source of great interest now, most of
the reports received here say that • it will be
large, and if so it may have an effect on our
local quotations, as Michigan is a great Bean
producing State and exercises pronounced influ
ence on the Eastern markets.
gome changes ln local quotations will be seen.
It is reported that some sales of new Limas
around 4c have been made.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 90@3; Small White.$4 90@5;
Large White. $3 75@4 10; Pink, $2 35@2 45;
Red, $2 75@3; Blackeye, $3 50; Limas, $6 40@6 50;
Red Kidney, $4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 25@2 50; Canary,
3%@3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape,
l%@2Vic; Hemp. 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $1 65 per ctl.
Beans and Seeds.
PORK— Live Hogs, 200 lbs and under, ffiic;
over 200 lbs, 6c; feeders, ; sows, 20 per cent
off; boars, 50 per cent off and stags, 40 per cent
off from the above quotations; dressed Hogs.
7%@9%c.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and 5@5%c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7@8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7<§8c; Ewes, 7@7%c per
pound.
LAMB— 8@9c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
EVAPORATED APPLES— The market for
evaporated anples, ruled comparatively quiet,
only, a hand^to mouth business being executed
at old crices. State, common to good, 6@7c;
prime, 8%i39c: fancy. 9%c.
California dried fruits ruled quiet and un
charged.
PRUNES— 3%@7c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, S@12c.
PEACHES— Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9%c.
DRIED FRUITS
NEW YORK, Aug. 28.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29,300 barrels; exports, 3841 barrels. Firmly
held at 5c above buyers' views.
WHEAT— Receipts, £9,400 bushels. Spot
easy. No, 2 red, 76%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 2
red, 74%c elevator; No. 1 Northern. Duluth,
*i%c afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth, 83%c f. o. b.
afloat. • Options— Opened easy' on account of
large Northwestern receipts. Recovering, they
had a irood advance on firmer cables, a de
mand from shorts and large seaboard clear
ances, but finally yielded again to realizing,
closing weak, %c net decline. September 75%
@75%c, closed 75%c; October, 75%@76c, closed
75%c; December. 77 l-16@77%c, closed 77%c.
HOPS— Easy. State, common to choice, 1900
crop, ll@15c; Pacific Coast, 1901, ll@15c.
HIDES— Steady. .
WOOL-Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot— Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice
5%c; mild, dull; Cordova, 8@ll%c. Futures —
Closed unchanged to 5 points higher. Sales
30,000 baes, including: September, $4 75; Oc
tober, $4 85; November, $4 90; March, $5 25®
5 30; June, $5 45<g5 50.
SUGAR— Raw, quiet and steady; fair refin
ing, 3%c; centrifugal, 96 test, 4c; molasses
sugar. 3 5-32c. Refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6543- packages; barely
steady. State dairy, 14®19c: creamery, ,16@20c;
June packed, factory, I4%(gl5%c. ! 1
EGGS— Receipts. 7000 packages; firm. 'West
ern candled, 17@17%c; Western uncandled, 14@
17%C. ¦ ;,. _ '___
BOSTON, Aug. 2S.— The American Cotton and
Wool Reporter will say to-morrow: The wool
market continues firm. The demand, however,
has been mostly from the smaller mills, the
large . consumers having satisfied their needs
for the time being at any rate and the volume
of sales during the past week has been less
than I that of the previous week. There have
been no sales of large blocks of wool, such as
characterized the market a few weeks ago, but
from the smaller mills the demand has been
quite active, which has given a firmer tone to
the market. That there will be more wool
needed than a year ago^ is generally believed,
in view of the 'act that the public' demand
for goods has changed from those in which
shoddy and cotton are used in the better class
of goods, which means; that more wool . and
fewer substitutes will . be consumed this year
than for. some time past. This change ln the
public demand is reflected also in a decided
pressure for the better, class of '.wools and
fine wools are especially 'firm, in good demand
and in not over abundant supply. ¦ There is
good inquiry for fine territory and fine.- The
receipts of wool at Boston this week amounted
to 24,347 bales, against 32,216 bales last week
and 15,946 bales last year. The ' total' receipts
eince January 1 have been 461,563 bales do
mestic and 101,881 bales foreign, against 275,690
bales domestic and 113,109 bales foreign for the
corresponding period of 1900. This is an- in
crease of 180,922 bales domestic and a decrease
of 12,288 bales foreign. Shipments of wool for
the week ending August 26 aggregate 63,697,639
pounds. This shows a decrease of 624,
069 pounds over • the shipments for the
previous week. Since January 1 the total ship
ments amount to 167,711,667 pounds. The sales
of the week ln ' Boston amounted to 3,8O0,C0O
pounds domestic and 550,000. pounds foreign,
making a total of 4,350,000 pounds,, against a
total of 5,192,000 pounds for the previous week
and a total of 3,299,000. pounds for . the • corre
sponding week last year. The sales since Jan
uary 1 amount to 163,673,700 pounds, against
90,560,500- pounds for the corresponding period
of last year. ¦ •
Boston Wool Market
Corn Meal. Cracked Corn and Mixed Feed
are higher. There Is no further change ln Bran
and Middlings. Hay continues quiet and weak.
BRAN— $20@21 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $22@23 per ton. - .
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. . $16@17 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18 ; Corn Meal, $34;
Cracked Corn, $34 50@35; Mixed Feed, $19@20.
HAY— Wheat, $7@9 50; choice. $10@10 50;
Wheat end Oat, $6 50@9; Oat. $6@8 60; Barley
and Oat, $6@8; Alfalfa, $S 50@10 60; Clover, $5 50
@7: Volunteer, $4 50@5 50. ¦
STRAW— 25@42%c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
NEW YORK. Aug. 28.— Money on call, steady
at 2%@3 per cent; last loan, 2% per • cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 4%@5 per cent. Ster
ling exchange, weak, with actual business in
bankers' bills at $4 86% for demand and at
$4 84% for sixty days. Posted rates. $4 85®
4 S5% and $4 S7%@4 8S. Commercial bills, $1 83%
©4 84. Bar silver, 58%c. Mexican dollars, 45%c.
Government bonds, steady; State- bonds
strong; railroad bonds, steady.
New York Money Market.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25©
3 BO, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 73 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75
©3. - - ¦
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as . fol
lows, usual • discount to the trade: . Graham
Flour, $3 per ICO lbs; Rye ¦ Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7: Corn Meal, $3 23;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy.
$4©4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4<S4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina, $4 50; Whole j Wheat
Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85©S 35;
In sacks. $6 50@8; Pearl Barley. $5; Split Peas.
$5: Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstitffs.
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brands sell
about 1%C under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers. lO^c; medium, 9V£c light, 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy, and 9c for light: Stags,
6%c; Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides, 16@16%c; Culls. 14c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf, ISc; Culls and Brands, 15c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30c each; short Wool,
30@50c each; medium, 50<@75c; long Wool, 80c@$l
each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50@2 75 for large and
$'!g2 25 for medium, $1 50@l 75 for small and 50c
for Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large,
$1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 25 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins,
35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
skins, 20c, Goatiklns— Prime Angoras, 75c;
large and smooth,' 50c; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%@4%o per lb;
No. 2, 3%@4c; grease. 2%@3c.
WOOL-rSprlng. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 14@15%c; do Lambs', Uc per lb;
Middle County, defective, 8@10c; Southern free.
7 months, 7@10c; do. defective, 7 months, 7@
8c; Oregon Valley fine 14@15c; do, medium and
coarse, ll@13c; Oregon, Eastern, choice, Il@i3c
do, fair to good, 9@llc: Nevada, 10@ll£c. Fall-
San Joaquln. 6%@8%c; San Joaquin Lambs'
7%©9c ¦
HOPS — New, 12@15o per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
Morning Session.
Board — , -
233 Bay City 35
2OUO California-Standard ->j
3 Hanford. b 90 j*^ jJo
IOO Home "3 75
100 Home, b 30 3 go
100 Junction : 3>
1100 Junction .' 31I
1000 Lion , i-»
400 Monte Crlsto ;.... 1 &u
COO Monte Cristo. b 90 1 90
7C0 Oil City Petroleum *¦*
£0 Peerless, b UO g 7^
200 Peerless 5 37-;
200 Peerless 52:.
ICO Peerless, b 60 5 ;o
33CO Petroleum Center 1 03
100 Reed Crude 3$
200 Reed Crude „ 35
150 Sterling j i0
100 Sterling.. .;. n;
Street— - «
800 California-Standard j 25
100 Home 3 so
Afternoon Session.
Board — .
IOO Home Oil 375
1CO0 Petroleum Center c2
1000 Petroleum Center, a 90 i <?2
200 Wolverine ,.... 73
110 Peerless , 500
600 California-Standard 25
100 Occidental 48
ICO Twenty-eight, s 90 .•... 170 .
1000 Petroleum Center, s 90 03
800 Oil City Petroleum J 30
10 San Joaquln 8 37%
350 Monte Cristo 175
250 Monte Cristo. b 90 "»....«.. I $5
150 Sterling -.. 1 35
200 Lion Oil 12
10 Lion Oil 15
3 Hanford. b 90 121 00
100 Home Oil, s 60 ; 3 g5
150 Junction i.....:.... 29
2 Hanford 115 00
100 Home Oil , j;n
10 San Joaquln g oo
1000 Reed Crude OH, s 60 33
100 Twenty-eight '.' 1 go
100 Monarch 27
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stock— Sales High Low Close
Atchison 30,700 7»^ 77% 7S'4
Atchison pfd 100 9S% 97 9714
Baltimore & Ohio 2,500 104% 103% 103Vi
Baltimore & Ohio pfd... 300 94% 94% 94'
Canadian Pacific 400 llivt HI 110%
Canada Southern 68
Chesapeake & Ohio 1,800 47 46V» 4676
Chicago & Alton 800 40 39% 39»i
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 300 7S»i 78% 78
Chgo, Ind & Louis.. — l,CO0 3SU 37% 3SU
Chgo, Ind & Louis pfd.. ]• 73 73 72V-
Chgo & Eastern 111 f. ' 127*
Chgo & Great Western. • SO0 22% " 22% 2°%
Chgo & G W A pfd 100 85 So' 84'
Chgo & G WB pfd .... 47%
Chgo & Northwestern 195
Chgo. R I & Pacific 300 144% 144 143%
Chgo Term & Trans 1.300 20% 20% 20%
Chgo Term & T pfd 200 41% 41% 41
C C C & St Louis iOO 89% 89% 89»4
Colo Southern 1.700 15% 14% 15%
Colo Southern 1st pfd... 2.400 57% 56% 57%
Colo Southern 2d pfd 1,600 26% 26 26V4
Del & Hudson.. ex div > 166%
Del, Lack & Western 2'5
Denver & Rio Grande.. 200 45% 45V4 45U
Denver & R G pfd „ * j|?2
Erie 22,900 42U 41% 42
Erie l»t pfd 3,800 70% 69% 70%
Erie 2d Dfd 2.500 57% 56% 57
Great Northern pfd..... 1,300 185% 185 185%
Hocking Coal 100 53% 53% 53
Hocking. Valley pfd .... 76 '
Illinois Central 700 147 146% 146%
Iowa Central 38%
Iowa Central pfd 74%
Lake Erie & Western... SOO 65 64^i ' 6T>
Lake Erie & West pfd 125
Louisville & Nashville... 17, 600 106% 105% 105%
Manhattan Elevated ... 2,900 119% 119 119%
Metropolitan St Ry 500.168 167% 167%
Mexican Central 4D0 25% 25»» 25%
Mexican National 400 11% 11% n%
Minneapolis & St Louis. ! 400 J08 107% 107%
Missouri Pacific 5,900 106% 105 106
Mo. Kans & Texas 700 28% 28 2SU
Mo,' Kans & Texas .pfd. 500 57 56',4 56%
New. Jersey Central 100 164 164" 162
N«w York Central 1.S00 154*g 154% 154%
Norfolk & Western 8,000 56% 55% ¦, 56
Norfolk & Western pfd ggu
Northern Pacific pfd SS
Ontario & Western 4,300 35% 35% 35%
Pennsylvania 9,500 147% 1465; 146%
P C C & St Louis ;. 74
Reading 9,200 44% 43?4 44U
Reading 1st pH 1.90O 77VJ, ' 76% 77
Reading 2d pfd fi.300 55% 55% 55%
Ft Louis & San Fran.... 1,300 45 43% 44«
St Louis & S F 1st pfd. 200 81 81 81
St Louis & S F 3d pfd.. 400 69% 69% . 69%
St Louis Southwestern.. 7itO 32% 31 31
St Louis Southwstn pfd 2.100 63% 63 62
St Paul 13.700 167% 1G6% 166%"
St Paul pfd 100 188 1R8 ISS
Southern Pacific 43.R0O 60U «W. sqTi
Southern Railway 15,500 33% 32.1? 331?
Southern Railway pfd... 600 88% 88' T&vL
Texas & Pacific 16.700 46% 44% 45%
Toledo, St L & West 4 21U
Toledo. St L & W pfd - ;;*. 35
tTnlon Pacific 58.400 102% lOUi 101*1
Union Pacific prd 909 91% 91 <Ji
Wabash 9,100 22% 21% 2'«i
Wabash pfd 8,900 41% 40% 41%
Wheeling & Lake Erie.. 200 19 19 19 ¦
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd. 600 32% Z"*A 21 •
Wisconsin Central 200 2l' 21 21
Wisconsin Centrappfd .... '...'. 42
Express Companies— .
Adams .'.... .... 175
American ' . "" t.v> -
TTnited State* 1,600 93 90% 93
Wolls-Fargo .... .... 160
Miscellaneous—
Amalgamated Copper ..'IS.100 . 11S« m iieu
Amer Car & Foundry... 900 31 30% 30U
Amer Car & Fndry pfd 200 87'^ S7 87»i
American Llnsfed Oil .... ,2
Amer Linseed Oil pfd... • '"" ¦ gn/ '
Amer Smelt & Refng.... 7.300 54 51% -¦>
Am Smeltne & Rfng pfd 1.200 1CO% 100 inn
American Tobacco ino 133 '135 ia^ii
Anaconda Mining Cq 3.2C0 *7 46U 46Vi
Itrnoklvn Rapid Transit 2,400 75U 74% 75
Colorado Fuel & Iron... .: %i'
Consolidated Gas 1.300 2*»5 *>24 " ••25
Continental Tobacco . fi-v
Continental Tobacco pfd 200 118% 1171.4 -113
General KlecUslc .;.....'. 100 263 265 " <>64
Glucose Sugar 200 56U' 56 *=i6
Hocking Coal ................. . ..' JS
International Paper .... ' 600 2i% .23U «3V
International Paper pfd. £00 79 7XR4 tsr*
International Power 1.S00 95% S"A <k
Laclede Gas. ex-dlv...... ' . Wi ;
National Riscuit .'.. .. '" j,*>
National Salt ' ... j'"J
National Salt pfd 200 76»i 7614 •?«"*
Pacific Coast . * ?«
Pacific Mall ....'. 1.9C0 .43 42" 41U
People's Gas 300 HzU Ii2tt-'ii» "-
Pressed. Steel Car 200-4314 4»u i?
Pressed Steel'- Car pfd.. 400 84' 84 s?4-
Pullman Palace Car 1
Republic Fteel H.SOO "1<>V isii iq
Republic Steel pfd....... 9.rno 7314 72" 731'
Sugar .................. 2. 700 i&Uj 134% 135
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 3,100 C6?i 65% 63J4
NEW YORK. Aug. '28.— The stock market re
lapsed into trivialities again to-day. The vol
ume of transactions fell below half a million
shares and the mixture of net changes at the
close is wholly without significance except as
a reflection of the indecision dwelling in the
speculative minds. No attention was paid to
any news of the day, and in fact there were
no occurrences having any important bearing
on the values of securities. The bear traders
made a feeble tentative raid shortly after the
opening, but the offerings of stocks proved so
email that they became intimidated and bought
back again, covering short lines which were
left over from yesterday. The success of'yes
terday's raid seems to have been due to an
encounter with some particularly weak specu
lative line, which represented little more than a
froth easily blown off the surface of specula
tion. To-day showed stocks tenaciously held
again, notwithstanding the extreme listless
ness of the demand. Signs of renewed weak
ness in the corn market after the opening deal
ings induced some covering of shorts in stocks
from- Western sources, but these were not put
out again when corn rallied later. The ap
proach of a three-day hiatus in the stock mar
ket, with possibilities of favorable or unfa
vorable developments ln the interval was
enough to dissuade either the bulls or the
bears from committing themselves for that
length of time, and to this deterrent influence
may be added the recognized possibility of the
marking up of call loans on Friday. The re
opening of the dispute between France and
Turkey had some influence upon foreign mar
kets to-day, which was emphasized by the dis
couraging view caused by the prolongation of
the Boer war. On the other hand a settlement
of the steel strike is believed In Wall street to
be possible at any time. The market closed
dull and heavy.
There was less doing ln railroad bonds than
yesterday, but prices were about steady. Total
sales, par value, $1,500,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged on
the last call.
New York Stock Market.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12V4c for light medium, 13%c for light. 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar cured; Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14@14V4c; California Hams,
13%c; Mess Beef. $11 per barrel; extra Mess,
$12- Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; ex
tra clear, $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per
pound.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 7@7%c per lb for
compound and lie for pure; half-barrels, pure,
lttic: 10-lb tins. lUfcc; 5-lb tins, llftc.
COTTOLENE — One half -barrel. 9%c; three
half-barrels, 9*ic: one tierce, »V6c; two tierces.
9c; five tierces. 8%c per lb.
There Is nothing new to report.
Provisions.
LONDON. Aug. 28.— Anaconda, 9^i; Atchison
SOH; Canadian Pacific. 114%; Denver and Rio
Grande. 46%; do preferred, 95%; Northern Pa
cific preferred. 101% ; Southern Pacific, 61% ;
Union Pacific, 105; do preferred, 9314. Bar sil
ver, steady, 27d per ounce. Money, 1@1>4 per
cent. .
CLOSING
American stocks were very narrow, but good
here, until New York selling • developed which
brought them to parity. After the close there
was a sharp rally In the street, the leaders
being Atchison, Norfolk and Western, South
ern Pacrflc and Union Pacific, 'all of which ad
vanced on New York buying orders. Business
here was, however, at low ebb. Commission
houses sold this morning for an American resi
dent on this side 10,000 shares of Southern Pa
cific and 5000 shares of ether stocks. Trunk
line firsts touched par for the first time since
1884.
The stock market to-day was very slack, but
firm. Consols early in the day were heavily
sold, supposedly on account, of the French-
Turkish rupture, but rallied later. In the best
informed quarters the incident Is not seriously
regarded.
NEW YORK. Aug. 28.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:-.' 1
London Market.
EASTERN MARKETS-
Santa Maria— Grain accumulating along nar
row - gauge, Los Ollvos. Los Alamos, Santa
Maria and San Luis Obispo.
G. H. WILLSON.
Assistant Section ¦ Director.
Palermo — All crop is large; quality good;
good tree growth; irrigating water plentiful.
Ventura — Some fog last night; beans look
well.
Hollister— Foggy mornings; Bartlett pears all
picked: crop better than estimated.
Hanford — Cannery closed; short of help; fruit
and melons ripening fast.
Napa — High fog in morning; grapes ripening.,
San Jose— Light fog and very windy in early
morning: Grapes ripe ten days.
CALL BOARD SALES.
.Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
¦ Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
- Afternoon Session — No sales.
OATS— Receipts continue liberal, those yester
day amounting to 10,040 ctls California and 560
ctls Oregon. The market was dull and un
changed. Grays, $1 10@l 20; whites, $1 1S@1 35;
black, $1@1 10, and red, $1 05@l 20 per ctl.
CORN— Chicago declined slightly. There was
some activity, but it consisted mainly of real
izing by the buyers of the preceding day. The
cash.', demand was limited, though the South
west started ln to buy at the close.
There was no change in the San Francisco
market.
Small round Yellow. $1 75; Eastern Yellow.
$1 65: White, $1 75@1 80 per ctl; mixed. $1 65.
RYE— 75@77%c uer ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— None in first hands.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December—
10,000 ctls, $1 01%; 4000, $1 01»4. May— 2000, $1 05.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 8000 ctls,
$1 01K; 20,000, $1 01.
BARLEY— There was a better deriand yester
day, . and as . offerings were extremely limited
the feeling, was firmer without, however, any
advance in quotations. There was nothing do
ing on call.
Feed, 73%c for choice bright. 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for. off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades. 77%@85c; Chevalier. 95ct@$l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
"WHEAT^-The foreign markets were firm and
futures were higher.' ~v • •
Chicago opened dull an deasy, but offerings
seemed dried up and local buying led to a sharp
little rally. There were a lot of discouraged
bulls out of Wheat. The market lacked a cash
demand, however, and relapsed into dullness.
Clearances Increased. A dispatch to Bolton,
De Ruyter & Co. said that it would be difficult
to maintain a bull market under present condi
tions. The Southwest became good buyers at
the close.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 97%c; milling, $1©
1 02V4 per ctl. _ , > .
Wheat and Other Grains.
THE COAST RECORD.
Boston. 78-62; Cincinnati. S4-66; Jacksonville
SS-6S; Kansas City, 92-70; Philadelphia, K-G8;
Washington. 82-«4; New York 82-€8 '
Eureka. 6S; Mount Tamalpals. 78; Independ
ence, S6; Red Bluff." 54: Fresno. 98; Los An
geles, 78; Sacramento. 78; San Luis Obispo. 74
tian Diego. 68.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
56; minimum, 51; mean. St '
The following maximum and minimum tem
perafures are reported from Eastern cities:
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
<12Oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
FAN FRANCISCO. Aug. 2S.— a p. m.
Weather Report.
"Evaporated apples are still higher and the
market is very strong both for spot goods and
future delivery. Sales of carlots of prime were
reported yesterday both at S*ic and 9c and a
sale of a car of future prime, October-Novem
ber delivery, was made at S'.jc to a speculator.
There was a rumored sale at an even higher
figure, but this was declared unfounded and
undoubtedly was reported for effect. The mar
ket for futures, however, is very firm and
ttoere ai» further b!ds of 9%c for prime stock.
"Demand for nuts is showing some improve
ment." ..-i-:
Ma'.l reports from New York say: "Domestic
raisins, both loose and seeded, continue to ad
vance on the spot, leading holders yesteiday
making up the prioe of 3-crown loose to 6%c
Two-crown are virtually not -In the market and
»-crown are not plentiful. Sales aggregating
a car were reported made late Wednesday at
6 l ,ic about three-quarters of the car going
to a local Jobber and the remainder to an out
of-town buyer. Seeded raisins in cartons were
quoted firm at 7*i@Sc yesterday for both coast
and lodal racked goods. Demand was good,
and with the supply very light the tendency
was decidedly upward. Not many were ob
tainable at 7*ic and Sc is likely to be bottom
to-dar- Spot prunes are quiet but steady.
Prices were named through a prominent com
mission and packing house on new Visalia
prunes, sizes 40-50s, 50-6Cs and 60-70s on a 3'^c
basis on the coast, but buyers were not in
terested. Some business, it is understood, has
been quietly done on the same basis recently
in the same sizes of other prunes grown out
fide the Santa Clara Valley, but sales, it is
believed, have not been numerous. A 3Uc
price on Visalias is equivalent to a 5%c quo
tation for Santa Clara goods, at which figure
indications Ere that there would be very little
buying by the local trade.
"We are still in the midst of a traders' mar
ket. The big holders and large operators are
absent and 6eem content with keeping prices
pegged at about the present level. Public buy
ing- is conspicuous for its absence and the out
look is not foi* any special buoyancy until the
monetary situation is more favorable. At the
moment we advise profit-taking on all sharp
rallies."
New York Dried Fruit Market.
"The most encouraging feature in the whole
eftuation is the certainty of another good year
of exports. Kurope seems to have a shortage
of 490,00n,CC9 bushels of wheat and the United
States a Eurplus of about 300,000.000 bushels.
This insures us a good price for our wheat
and a good haul for the railroads. It also
strengthens the probability of gold imports,
for Europe is comparatively bare of American
etocks and cannot return them in considerable
quantities.
"The course of the money market from now
on will be Interesting. The surplus reserve
last Saturday stood at $18,421,900, compared
with $20,557,050 a year ago. The demand for
crop purposes will soon assert itself, and we
may look for a period of declining reserves
until the end of October. The reduction of
the corn crop will have little effect upon the
demand for money, the higher prices tor corn
end the abundance of wheat offsetting the
lessened inquiries from that source. General
business promises to be fairly active; though
it is questionable if it will exceed last year's
in volume. The loss from corn damage and
the strike will inevitably cause some diminu
tion of business in spots, even if the country
&s a whole does not suffer from these draw
backs. Bankers are generally anticipating a
g-ood demand for money at firm rates. Sup
plies, however, are not sufficient to permit any
active stock speculation. A rapid bull market
at this time would soon meet an insurmount
able obstacle in tight money. The treasury
receiptB continue larger than expenditures, and
this awkward movement is likely to continue
until legislation provides seme further cur
tailment of revenue or Secretary Gage buys
bonds more freely. Gold is coming in with
tome freedom from the Klondike. A favorable
feature was the weakening of foreign exchange
fiwing to large grain exports and renewed for
eign buying of American securities. If these
latter movements continue with any freedom
we ehall soon be again importing gold — a
movement that will be facilitated by the grad
ual resumption o f the South African mines.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says
Matters in Wall Street.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 80%
Sterling Exchange, sight.... — 4 8i}s
Sterling Cables '. — 4 88%
New York Exchange, -sight...:.. — 10
New York .Exchange, telegraphic — 12%
Silver, per ounce — • _ oSJ»
Mexican - Dollars, . nominal 47 ® 47%
Exchange and 'Bullion.
BOSTON. Aug. 28.— The- Earl Fruit Company
realized the fotlowingf-^rices^here to-day at
a sale of California fruit at auction: "Peaches—
Late Crawford.^ boxes. 65c@$l v 25. average 95c:
Susquehanna, boxes, 80@95c.. average 85c; Or
ange. Cling, boxes, ' 95c@$l 05, average 98c;
Strawberry ¦ Cling," boxes, 85@95c, average 88c;
Yellow- Free, boxes, 95c@$l, average 99c. Pears
boxes, $2 35@3 65, average $3 20.
Pluma — Bradshaw, single crates, $1@1 15, aver
age $1 12; Columbia,^ single crates, ¦ $1 40<gl 60,
average $1 41. i Prunes— Gros, single crates,
$1 65(f?2, average $1 77; Silver, single .crates,
85c@$l 20, average $1 18. Grapes— Malaga, , sin
gle crates, 90cg$2 05. average $1 20. Six cars
sold to-day. Weather dry and cool.
Car from San Jose: - Prunes — Bulgarian, 35@
50c, average 45c single crates; Gros, $1 25@1 55,
average $1 54 single crates; Silver, 85c©$l 15,
average \ $1 04 single : crates ; German. $1 050
1 55, average $1 51 single . crates. Plums—Dia
mond, average $1 65 single crates; Columbia. 45
@75c, average 50c single crates; | Yellow Egg,
average $110 single crates; Duke, average
$165 single crates; mixed, average $1 20 single
crates; Kelsey Japan, 45@85c, average 69c sin
gle crates. Gross .sales. $1130.
Car from. Vacaville: . Pears— Bartletts. $2 55
@2 90, average $2 76 boxes. . Grapes— Tokays. 90c
@$2 40, average $1 78 . single crates. - Gross
sales. $1375. .
Car from. Winters: Pears— Bartletts,' aver
age $2 80 boxes; half-boxes. $120. Peaches-
Orange Clings, -average 40c boxes. Grapes—To
kays $1 05@l 40, ', average $1 09 single crates.
Part of car grossed, $455/'
Car . from Armona: Pears — Bartletts, 95c@
$2 05. average $1 75 box. " Groc3 sales, $840.
CHICAGO, 'Aug. 28.— The Earl Fruit -Com
pany sales of California fruit here to-day at
auction realized the following prices: I Pears—
Bartlett. boxes. $2 40@3 10. average. $2 93; do."
half boxes, 95c<3:$l 40. average $1 32. Grapes-
Malaga, single crates, $1 05@l 40, average $1 23;
Muscat, single crates, average $1 20; Muscat
Clusters, single crates, $1 90@2 20, average
$2 05;. Tokay, single crates, $1 40@l 75, average
$1 48. Peaches— Crawford, boxes. 45@55c, aver
age 50c; Late Crawford boxes, 45@60c, average
52c; Elberta, boxes, 20@65c, average 41c. Nec
tarines, single crates, average 85c. Prunes—
Gros, single crates, average $150; Tragedy,
single crates, $101 20, average $113; Silver,
single crates. , average $1. Six 'cars sold here
to-day." Favorable weather.
¦ Porter Brothers* Company sales California
fruit: ' •- , ¦-'¦¦' ¦•.: /
Car from Hemme: Pears— Bartletts $2 45@3,
average ?2 89 boxes; $1 10@l 60, average $1 31
half-boxes. Gross sale, $1315. Ten . cars fruit
sold to-day. :
. Car. from San Jose: P.lums — Yellow Egg,
average $1 single crates ; Columbia 80@S5c,
average 81c single crates; Duke, average $1 70
single crates. Prunes— Germans $1^1 75; aver
age $165 single crates; Gros $l'40@l ho., aver
age $1 52 single crates; Sliver, $1 20@l 25.-aver
age $1 21 single crates. Pears— Bartletts, $2 60
<P, average $2 73 boxes. Gross sale,. $1380.
I Car from Winters: Peaches— Crawford, aver
age. $1 05 boxes. Pears— Bartletts \ $3 05@3 15,
average $3 08 boxes; half-boxes, average $165.
Grapes— Tokays $2 35@2 40, average $2 28. Part
car grossed,. $530. . ......
Car from Vacaville: Pears— Bartlett $3@8 50,
average $3 17 boxes. Grapes— Tokay* $1 50®
2 20, average $195 single crates; Muscats $1 05
@1 30, average $1 24 single crates.' Gross sale,
$1600. -. . ; . . •.;-.-: --':¦¦.- •
Brothers Company sales
NEW YORK, Aug. 28— The Earl : Fruit Com
pany to-day sold California -fruit at auction
and realized the following prices: Grapes— '
Malaga, single crates. $1 05@2 75, average $1 41;
Tokay, single crates. $1 60@3 50,: average $1 77.
Pears— Bartlett, boxes,- $2 95@4 35, . .average
$3 32. Peaches— Crawford, boxes, . 60c@$l 05,
average 75c; Late . Crawford, - boxes, 70@90c,
average 75c; Orange Cling, boxes. , 65c@U 10»
average 97c ; Strawberry j Cling, j boxes, . S0@90c,
average 86c. Prunes— Tragedy, f single crates,
65c(g$l 10, average 87c. Ten cars sold , to-day.
Unfavorable weather. -..- • -<- .•-•¦'•.
The demand for fruits continues, and the
whole list is firm. Apples continue excited in
the East, and there is a rumor afloat that sev
eral Philadelphia, New York and Baltimore
firms are exertlns every effort to corner the
apple market. Tempting offers, it is said, have
been made to some of the Maryland growers
for. the products of their orchards, but these
growers are inclined to hold out for bigger
money.
As the Packers' Association has secured the
bullf of the Santa Clara Prunes the term "out
side Prunes" is now a thing of the past, ex
cept as regards the old crop, which is still
controlled by the association at San Jose. The
market for the new crop Is buoyant.
FRUITS— Apricots, 8@10c for Royals and 8®
I4V2C for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated Apples, 7&@S%c; sun dried, 4@4Vic;
Peaches, 6@8c; Pears, 5V4@9c; Plums, pitted. 4
@5%c; unpitted. l@2c; Nectarines, 6@6%c for
red and 6<S5%c for white; Figs, 3V4c for black.
PRUNES— Old crop are quoted by the Asso
ciation on the basi3 of 3%c for the four sizes.
Some sales of new crop on the basis of 3%@3%c
are being made.
RAISINS — Are cleaned up and nominal.
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell. 12@12%c;
No. 2, 8@8%c; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2.
6^@7%c; Almonds, 13@14c for papershell, 10®
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell; Pea
nuts, 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. 12@12%c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, 11® 13c; Cocoanuta,
$3 50@5. ' •
HONEY— Comb. 12@12^4c for bright and 10®
12c for light amber; water white extracted. 5H
@6c; light amber extracted, 4%@5c; dark, 4@
4%c
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
New York Exchange has advanced.
t The Gaelic took out a- treasure list of $502,203,
consisting of $442,802 in Mexican dollars, $3401
in "gold coin and $56,000 In silver bullion.
California Fruit, Sales.
LIVERPOOL. . .
.Wheat— Sept. - Dec.
Opening ; '.... o "M. . 59
Closing 5 7 "5 8%
, PARIS.
Wheat— . Aug. Nov. -Feb.
Opening .7.. ..'..'. 2115 22 45--.
Closing 21'20". 22 43 -
Flour— ' . ¦ ¦
Opening .'. 27 50 2S 60
Closing .....27 60 "28 60.
Foreign Markets.
; LONDON, Aug. 28.— Consols. 94 7-16; silver,
27d; French rentes, lOlf 62%c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes No. 1
Standard - California, 29s l^d; cargoes Walla
, Walla, - 2Ss 6d; English country '"markets,' gen
erally' cheaper. ••¦'.:
LIVERPOOL, Aug. 28.— Wheat, steady; No. 1
Standard California, Es ll^d@6s %d; wheat in
Paris, firm: flour in, Paris,' firm; French coun
try markets, partly cheaper; weather ln Eng
land, unsettled. '
COTTON— Uplands, 4 15-16d. " ;
Total sales 463,700
" CLOSING BONDS.
U S 2s. refunding , N Y Cent lsts.'.... 105%
. re 8 107% N J Cent gen 5s..l29', 2
coup 107% North Pac 3s ..... 72
do 3s reg.; -lOSVii do 4s ..' 104%
«>up ..: '..10SU N Y C & St L 4S.108 .
do new 4s reg...lS7Vi Norf & W con 4s..lO2>i
C ? U P -.137U Or Nav Ists ......110
do old 4s regr...H3 do 4s ."...' lO2Vi
coup 113 Or .S Line 6s...:...12Sii
d° os reg 107% do con 5s .....'..117U
coup ....1..... "107% Reading gen 4s ... VM
Dist of Col 3. 65s.. 124 R G W lsts... lOOU
Atchlson gen 4s...lC3% St L & IM con 5s.ll6«:
do adj 4s 97*8 St L & S F gen 6s:126}4
Can South. 2ds . . . . .-100^ St Paul cons ......184'
Uies & Ohio 4Vis..lO8 St P C & Pac lsts. 1151s
d £- 5s 121Vi do 5s 1169*
C & N W con 7s.. 137 South Pac 4s 92Vi
d° S F deb 5s....l23«i South Railway 5s.ll7>i
Chi Terminal 4s... 95 6 Rope & T 6s 54
Colo South <s 88 Tex & Pac lsts....lisy.
D & R G 4s lOUi do 2ds 96 "
Erie gen 4s 8S Union Pac 4s« 105'^
Ft W & D C lsts. 105% Wabash lsts 11S«.4
Gen Electric os 2C0 do 2ds HOVi
Iowa Cent lsts. ...116% West Shore 4s 113%
L & Nash uni 4S..101H Wis Cent 4s 88%
M K & T 2ds ?2X Va Centuries 95>4
do 4s 9S',j
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief "... 12
Alice 4o Ontario 9 25
Breece 1 40 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con .... 08 Phoenix i OS
Comstock Tunnel.. 06 Potosl 03
Con. Cal & Va 1 70 Savage -03
Dead wood Terra... 65! Sierra Nevada 11
Horn Silver 1 73 Small Hopes 30
Iron Silver v 60 Standard 3 13
Leadvllle Con 071
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Pacific lOITi
Call loans 3V4@4}i Union Land ....... 4%
Time loans 4@5 West End 96
Stocks— Westlngh Elec ... 70&
Atchison 78% - Bonds — '
do prefd 97% Atchison 4s 102
Am Sugar 135 Mining shares-
Am Telephone ..:.ltw',i Adventure ......... 30VS
Boston & Albany. .257 Bingham Mln Co.. 41
Boston Elevated. ..17S Amalg Copper 118%
Boston & Maine. ..192 Atlantic '.'.... 37 .
Dom Coal 39Vi Calumet & Hecla.'.73O
do prefd lloVi Franklin ..18%'
U S Steel 45 Humboldt 25 fc
do prefd 94% Osceola 101%
Fitchburg prefd 146 Parrot ' '.. 51 I
Ed Elec 111 250 Qulncy 175
Mex Central 25Vi Santa Fe Copper.. IVi
N E G & Coke.... 7% ITamarack ..348
Old Colony .208 Utah Mining "„ 29%
Old Dominion 33 - Winona 3%
Rubber 19 I Wolverines '...;...". 6i%
Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Honokaa \\ jo
25 Honokaa \\ 8^;'
100 Honokaa 13 00
65 Hutchinson S P Co *** \\ 00
60 Kllauea Sugar P Co 11 62' 4
35 Oceanic S S Co, s 90 37 50
30 Pacific Coast Borax : iss 00
260 Paauhau S P Co v> 00
130 Paauhau S P Co " i"» i-..-
Street— "* *
100 Honokaa S Co n 50
300 Paauhau S P Co, 8 90 r 00
70 Makaweli - £ 5u
Morning Session.
Board —
125 Honokaa Co '¦ « 50
$13,000 Northern Ry of Cal &s .'m 00
5 Oceanic S S Co, s 90..... 37 50
20 Paauhau S P Co v» 50
$1000 S P of Cal 6a (1313) 12175
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack..l30 131 '/i| Oceanic S Co. 38 41Vi
Cal Fruit Can. 95 97*i P*c Aux FA.' —
Cal Wine Asn. 95 100 Pac C Borax —
Mer Ex 110 — Jpar Paint ... IS —
gana 6 6U Kllauea 11% —
Hawaiian .... — 60 Makaweli .... 2s2 26
Honokaa 12 12% Onomea 23 s
Hutchinson ... 13% — Paauhau 12% i2Vi
SUGAR
Giant 75% 76}i|Vlgorlt 3*4 4
POWDER.
California 130 — O S L & H 40 —
Geary — 60 Presidio 35U «
Market 76«4 76% . 2 *
STREET RAILROADS.
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1883 130O Sav & Loan — —
Humboldt .... — — Security ...."*2T5 —
Mutual Sav.... 52 — Union Trust..l800 —
San Franclsco.520 — •
Anglo-Cal 81 L P & a 1S5 im
California .... - 406 Mer Ex (ite)" m _
BANKS.
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 |
Cent L & P.. 4 5 |Pac Llrht — a
Equitable 5 5H Sacramento'".* I f
Mutual 5% 7 S F G & E 39«4 40
Oakland ...... 51^ 52 fean Franciico! 4^i 4^i
Pac Gas Imp.- 40 Stktn G & E S -
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
\ WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77 78 (Port Costa «O gs
Marin County. 53 - | Spring vSii^" g% S6^
Bay C P C Ss.107 — Oceanic SS 5 3 _ in*
P s w^r-5s:io7* = a-nS £$£
H e^ st S 5 s 4s::^;= SdHI^ z
T D <> 5s - -. S F & SJV £j3 —
L03 Ang R Ss.lWi - Sierra Cal Ss _ —
L A Light 68..101>4 — S V of A <U
Do gntd 6S..10O _ (»O9> tl
l^^p^II::!^! s (1 P 1C) orc :: e^-
M g-sl c ca m b KfSi SSS III B :iS ™
N R of Cal O.113 - S P of Ca'i'in %
No D r o P^"6-e 9 ::S^^ «S -
Oak Gas 5s....ll3 - Do 4s'3d"m"in% -
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Local stocks and bonds inactive.
'Another decline in Linseed Oil. •
New York Exchange advanced.
Sh ipment of $50 2,20s to Ch ina.
Wheat still dull Barley in better demand.
Oats in liberal receipt and easy.
Corn products and Mixed Feed higher.
Hav, Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Beans dull, but a large September short interest is reported.
Shipping demand for. Potatoes and Onions unabated.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Fndt market overstocked with Melons.
Attempt to corner the Eastern Apple market.
Contimicdkccn demand for all Dried Fruits.
Nothing new in Provisions. \ .-
Cotton fruit Bags higher and jute Bags lower.
Less activity and firmness in the oil stocks.'
WASHINGTON, . Aug. 28.— To-day'a | state
ment of the condition of the Treasury balances
shows: •¦• Available I cash balance, $176,824,699;
gold, $100,530,086.
Condition .of the .Treasury.
Union Bag & Paper Co. .... 1514
Ln on Bag & P Co pfd.. 73
Lnited States Leather.. 4,600 14*4 13U ' 14
T- .. ther pfd 5,200 S3*; S2ii S3
i.nited States Rubber... 300 19'A 19U' 1914
U S Rubber pfd.....'.... ico 5SU -5S»i. 5S
|-;n ted States Steel...... 19,000 ib\i Uy, 45 ¦
United States Steel pfd 13,500 94% S3?4 94»i
\VeEtern Union ; 4.100 93H 92% • 93%
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
ST. ; JOSEPH
ST. JOSEPH-, j Mo.; Aug. 28.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, -3500; "steady to 10c higher. Natives, . $3
@5 SO; cows and heifers. $1@4 75; bulls and
stags, • $2@4 50: stockers and feeders, |2@3 75. '
HOGS — Receipts, ¦ ¦ 11,000; market steady.
Light and 'light mixed, $5 75@6 20; medium and
heavy, J6@6 35; pigs, J3 25@5 25; bulk, $6 10®
6 25.. i . .
SHEEP— Receipts, 2400. Market steady to
strong. - ;
J3@3 35; Western sheep." $2 75@3 90; yearlings,
$3 25@4; ! -' native* lambs,- ; " $2 50@5 25;"f Western
lambs,' |3 75@5 10. ¦.' '. ¦ ' '
55%<8oo%c; No. 2 oats 34T3@35Uc;'No. 2 white,
37y*@37%;, Nd.v 3 white. v'S6%@3Sc: :"No.v2 i rye.'
65c; fair. to choice malting barley. 5S@62c; No.
1 flax seed," Northwestern, $152; prime timothy
¦seed, ?5 35;.rriess pork, per barrel. $14 20@14 25;
.lard, per 100 i pounds. $8 85@S 87V4; short 'ribs
¦side3. (loose).' $8 15@8 35: dry;salted .shoulders
(boxed), 7H@7%c; . short clear sides .'.(boxed),
?8 S5@8 35; whisky basis of high wines, $1 30;
clover, contract grade, ?9 75@9 S5. : ¦ ': .
Articles— . Receipts.' Shipments..
Flour,' barrels"....',....' "..... 50,000- 18,000.
Wheat, bushels" ..............379.000 318,000
Corn, bushels ¦ ..................447.00 . '118.000
Oats, bushels .....461.000 ' ' 133,000
Rye. bushels 11,000 ffi 3,003
Barley, bushels . . ... ...:...;. 75.000 * ' ' .¦•••••
¦ On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easier. , Creameries.- 14«$19Vi:c; Dai
ries. 13@17c. Cheese, steady. 9?i@10?4c. Eggs,
firmer;;, fresh, 14c. ... • .-.-'¦-¦
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. M 50@4; Lemons.
$1@1 25 for common and $2 50@3 SO for sood to
choice; Grape Fruit. 50c@Jl 50; Mexican Limes.
$3 50@l; Bananas, $1@2 per bunch; Pineapples.
$1 S0(g3 per dozen.
GRAPES — Fontalnebleau and Sweetwater. 33
@«0c per box and crate; Tokay, 35@75c per box;
Muscat; 35@75c; Seedless. S5c@$l; Black,' 35®
75c; Isabella, $1@1 25; .Wine Grapes, $25 per
ten for Zlnfandel.
MELONS— Nutmegs. 10@23c per box; Canta
loupes, 15©50c per crate; Watermelons, $3@?U
per 100. '¦-,'
PEARS— Bartletts, ' $1@1 25 per box for No. 1.
£0@90c for No. 2 and $30@40 per ton; other
Pears, 25@50c per box.
QUINCES— SOffieoc per bcx.
STRAWBERRIES— $7@8 per chest for long-
Worths and $3@5 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES-$3@5 per chest.
, LOGAN BERRIES-Per chest. .
RASPBERRIES— $6@7 per chest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— 7©8c per lb.
FIGS— Black, 50c@$l for double layer boxes;
White, 50@75c. , . /
and 3o@6oc for ordinary. -
CRABAPPLES— 4O@6Oc per box. according to
package. .-...-
PLUMS— 25@60c per box; Prunes, 33@75c per
crate; Washington- Gages. $20 per ton" Ek
Plums, ?15<520 per ton.
PEACHES^-30@50c per box and ?20@30 per ton
for frees and $30@45 for Clings; Peaches in car
riers, 50@85c, according to size of carrier;
Mountain Peaches, SOCgToc per box.
NECTARINES— White. 25@40c per box; Red,
4(X375c.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
frnlt m Si*» COntln , ue s J- eady - with rea l choice
Kwiif^ »ght supply. The demand for sound
.!& Pears.. Peaches and Plums continues.
?v,L,wL s no J ur i h « r change in Citrus fruits,
though the cool, dull weather is against them.
continues | the "¦: feature of the market. , Tha
,T^ a^tf I 8 / <L U V • and f ° Bsy and the So*" 38 P 118
?,? y. 1 " 1^ 1 -being sold. Grapes are also dull.
for the sftune reason. \ ,'.-._..:...
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
THE SAJST FR^ISTCISCO CAX.L AUGUST 29, 1901^
Foreign Futures.
LOCAL MARKETS-
Neiv York Grain and Produce.
STOCK MARKET-
Excessive supplies of Melons - of all /kinds
Deciduous' and Citrus Fruits.
8
STATION'S.
s s
re x a 2.
?f f I
03
|||
• 3
*3
:olllster CS
49
TV
Clear
.00
Hanford SB
Xapa 73
San Jose TS
Riverside 93
Palermo 99
Ventura 72
Santa Maria 72
67
54
45
53
56
S4
54
Calm
S
MV
s"
s
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
' .00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.03
.00
ETATIOXS.
Astoria
Baiter
Carson
Eureka
Fresno J
Flagstaff. „
Pocatcll<v IrJaho
Independence ...
I>os Angeles
Phoenix
Portland
R«l Bluff
ftowbur^
f ; 8cramento
.Salt Lake
San Francisco...
San I^uis Obispo
San IMego
flattie
Spokane
»8h Bay
Walla IValla ...
\Vinnemucra ...
Vuma
i Imi 81
..30.00 6S 32 J«'\V Clear ~00
..29.92 S< 46 NE Clear !oo
.-29.81 S6 50 XE Clear ' .00
..S0.02 f.S.Sl. X\V Cloudy .CO
..2>.»O S8 «,\V Clear 09
—.0.08 S4 50 N\V Cloudy . o«
0.29.H0 S4 46 NW Clear y !oo
..29.76 8S S8 SE Clear 00
.».»4 78 60 W Clear !oO
..29.P3 M 50 SE near S :So
•-S-S M 62 SE Clpar "«M
..3.S0 M BO N\V Clear 00
..».S2 78 r^ S Clear .00
..^.8« M U KW Clear .00
..29.93 H 50 SVV Cl»ar 00
o.SO.OO 74 46 W Cle»r ™n
..Z9.92 CS M NW Clear 00
..CS.Sfi S2 :,t N E CIear „<,
••^•22 f M NW «ear loo
..2?.R8 Rg 5S X\V Clpar 00
..^.S2 R« U NE cieSr
..29.74 ICI 78 B\V Clear .00
STATION'S.
s s
re x a 2.
?f f I
03
|||
• 3
*3
:olllster CS
49
TV
Clear
.00
ETATIOXS.
Astoria
Baiter
Carson
Eureka
Fresno J
Flagstaff. „
Pocatcll<v IrJaho
Independence ...
I>os Angeles
Phoenix
Portland
R«l Bluff
ftowbur^
f ; 8cramento
.Salt Lake
San Francisco...
San I^uis Obispo
San IMego
flattie
Spokane
»8h Bay
Walla IValla ...
\Vinnemucra ...
Vuma
i Imi 81
..30.00 6S 32 J«'\V Clear ~00
..29.92 S< 46 NE Clear !oo
.-29.81 S6 50 XE Clear ' .00
..S0.02 f.S.Sl. X\V Cloudy .CO
..2>.»O S8 «,\V Clear 09
—.0.08 S4 50 N\V Cloudy . o«
0.29.H0 S4 46 NW Clear y !oo
..29.76 8S S8 SE Clear 00
.».»4 78 60 W Clear !oO
..29.P3 M 50 SE near S :So
•-S-S M 62 SE Clpar "«M
..3.S0 M BO N\V Clear 00
..».S2 78 r^ S Clear .00
..^.8« M U KW Clear .00
..29.93 H 50 SVV Cl»ar 00
o.SO.OO 74 46 W Cle»r ™n
..Z9.92 CS M NW Clear 00
..CS.Sfi S2 :,t N E CIear „<,
••^•22 f M NW «ear loo
..2?.R8 Rg 5S X\V Clpar 00
..^.S2 R« U NE cieSr
..29.74 ICI 78 B\V Clear .00
Hanford SB
Xapa 73
San Jose TS
Riverside 93
Palermo 99
Ventura 72
Santa Maria 72
67
54
45
53
56
S4
54
Calm
S
MV
s"
s
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
Clear
' .00
.00
.00
.00
.00
.03
.00
AUCTION SALES
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE '
s AT.*; £-^
H. BRANDENSTEI3TS STABLES
Cor. Mission and New Montgomery «t<
THIS DAY. somery 8t9 -
THURSDAY. Aug. 29.
I will sell all of the Horses, Bu^eies u,™...
etc.. in the above stables. " S ' Harnes ».
JOHN J. DOYLE. Auctioneer.
' Office. 327 SUth ; tSANTA ROSA, Aug. 28.— W. C- Andrews,
ane of the pioneer residents of Blucher
Valley, died at his home there to-diy.
He was a native of Indiana, aged 75 years.
A widow and a family of grown sons sur
vive him.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 28.— Washington and
Cleveland split even on & double-header to
day.
In the first same Carrick, with excellent
Eupport. had Cleveland at his mercy. It was
a fast and pretty game, filled with sensa
tional fielding. .
In the second game Cleveland batted Lee at
will and after five men had crossed the plate
in the first two Innings, forced him to the
bench. Washington was unable to solve Me-
Nelll. Attendance, 1300. Score, first game:
R. H. E.
Washington 4 13 1
Cleveland '. 15 3
' Batteries— Carrick and Clarke; Uowling and
Connor.
Second game — R. H. E.
Washington 4 8 v -'« '
Cleveland 7 13 '";."¦;¦ 3
Batteries— Lee. Gear and Clarke; McXelU
and Connor.
PHILADELPHIA, Aug. 21— Cb>asro shut out
Philadelphia to-day by better fielding. Fra
zler pitched a splendid game, but his good
work was nullified by a pair of fielding . mis
plays. Attendance. 2800. Score:
R. H. ' E.
Chicago 3 4 f^O
Philadelphia 0 «-j »;
Batteries — Patterson and Sullivan; • Frazier
and Steelman.
BALTIMORE. Aug. 28.— Milwaukee took the
last game of the series from Baltimore here
to-day. It was a slugging match, and Hus
tings was hit so bard in the first that Reidy
was called on to fill his place. Attendance,
2000. Score.'
R. H. E.
Baltimore 8 18 T
Milwaukee 11 lOi-iV
Batteries— Howell and Robinson; Hustings,
Reidy and Maloney.
Batteries— Lewis and Yeager ¦" and
Shaw. •; ¦-< . . •-•.
Boston 2 4 1
Detroit 4 6 1
BOSTON. Aug. 28.— Boston wound up th»
present home series by dropping to-day's gama
to Detroit. Lewis pitched what would ordin
arily have been -winning ball, but Yearer's
superb control, backed by invincible fielding,
were odds too great. Attendance. 8000. Score:
R. H. K.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
winner up to the fifth inning, ¦when Teager'a
two wild throws let in. two runs and nud«
possible a third. O'Connor's passed ball in
the sixth and his wild throw in the seventh
let In two more runs. Attendance, 2000. Score:
R. H. E.
Pittsbursr 7 13 4
St. Louis 9 10 a
Batterlc3— Phillppl and O'Connor: Sudhoff
and Nichols. Umpire — O'Day.
PHILADELPHIA. Aug. 28.— Philadelphia.
had no trouble. In defeating Kew Tork to-day.
The visitors put Denzer in to pitch, but ha
lasted only two Inning?. Center fielder Van
Haltren succeeded him and was hit freely.
Attendance, 1231. Score:
R. - H. E.
New York 4 8 .-' '¦'¦'..' t
Philadelphia 13 17 --Vb*-
Batterlesi — Denzer. Van Haltren and War
ner; White and Jacklitsch. Umpire— Dwyer.
The two barber examiners exchanged
compliments and but for the interference
of outsiders and Examiner T- W. Drake,
blows probably would have been struck.
The trouble between the two officials 13
said to have been of long standing, and it
is said that they have Indulged In fre
quent disputes during their tour of In
spection through the State. They have
completed an inspection of the barber
shops In the northern part of California
and for several days past have been In
this county. They came from San Ber
nardino to Redlands yesterday and left
Redlands to-day for Riverside.
REDLA2,*DS, Aug. 23.— The members of
the State Board of Barber Kxamlners
had a dispute this afternoon and before
it ended officers had been summoned to
quiet the disturbance. The examiners re
tired to their rooms in the Windsor Hotel
immediately afterward and refused to dis
cuss the subject. Deputy Sheriff E. F.
Pourade, who was one of the officers sum
moned, made an investigation of the af
fair and those who heard the dispute from
beginning to end say that Examiner J.
J. Callsh of San Francisco accused Ex
aminer F. Fleming of Los Angeles of care
less handling of funds and committing
other irregularities. Fleming, it is said,
retaliated by saying that he had stood the
taunts of Callsh as long as he was going
to and an adjournment was taken to the
sidewalk.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Redlands Officers Are Galled
Upon to Calm the Bel
ligerents.
• ..v,-;-%
Trouble in the State
Board of Barber
Examiners.
CALISH CLASHES
WITH FLEMING
In pursuance of Its announced plan to
run. all of Its plants absolutely non-union,
the American Tin Plate Company to-day
commenced advertising for non-union
men. All the applicants are offered the
best wages . and permanent employment,
but in every case the application must be
personally presented and the applicant
must declare himself apart from all union
ccntrol. .The company has not yet made
any attempt to start either Its Monon
gshela or Demmler plants, but announces
that both will be started soon. -/When
a*ked to-day what he thought of the
PITTSBURG, Aug. 28.— The steel cor
poration continues making gains in this
district and to-day added enough men to
it* force at the Star plant to insure the
wciklng of two mills, double turn, night
and day from now on. The management
asserts that the entire plant will be on
full before the week ends. The strikers
*>Ay this assertion cannot be made good/
Tin Plate Company Ad
vertises for Non- »
Union People.
OFFERS MADE
FOR WORKMEN
"It has been found by practical work
that all classes of the community are
benefited by the reserves — the legitimate
lumberman is protected against the com
petition of the man who pays nothing for
his timber and is Insured protection in
the enjoyment of the.stumpage he has
purchased from the Government; the
mirier is assured of ftie conservative use
of the timber, upon which so much of his
prosperity depends, and protected against
its waste by. fire and reckless cutting. It
must not be forgotten that the mineral
laws apply within the reserves as they do
without them. The cattleman and sheep
man, under a permit system wisely ap
plied, enjoy Government protection In the
use of the public grazing lands and are
protected against the destructive and
often bloody competition which has
hitherto afflicted them. The farmer, and
above all the irrigation farmer, is assured
free and cheap supplies of timber from
the reserves and the protection of ¦ the
streams upon which his whole prosperity
depends. The cities are secured in the
enjoyment of their water supplies, and, In
a word, every legitimate business interest
of the community rinds itself better off for
an Intelligently administered system of
forest reserves."
e-l"I"l"l"l"I"M"I"!»l"I"l"I"I"I"H"I"I"I-I»>#
A paper by F. H. Newell, hydrographer
cf the Geological Survey, explained the
benefits to the water supply of the fore«t
reserves. Professor R. H. Forbes of
Tucson, Arizona, read a paper on "The
Open Range and the Irrigation Farmer,"
In which he related some of i the bad
effects upon the cattle and agricultural
Industries of overstocking the ranges, and
suggested remedial legislation. A. paper
on "The Reclamation of the Arid Region"
was read by R. L. Fulton of Reno, Nev.
T. P. Lukens of Pasadena, Cal., read an
Interesting paper on "The Reforestizatlon
of the Watersheds." "The Underflow of
Water in Southern California" was the
subject of a paper by William H. Knight
of Los Angeles-
Gifford Pinchot, forester of the United
States Department of Agriculture, gave
an illustrated lecture on "The Govern
ment and the Forest Reserves" to-night-
He said In part:
DENVER. Aug. 28.— At to-day's sessions
of the American Forestry Association - a
number of papers were read and dis
cussed. "The Hydrography of Colorado,"
was the subject of a paper by A. L. Fel
lows of Denver. He said that the work of
the division had demonstrated that the
flow of the streams of the arid region,
taking the year through, would furnish
more than enough water for practical use.
"Work of the Forestry
Experts Is BriDging'
Profit.
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Changes in the Postal Service and
More New Pensions Are
.. Issued.
WASHINGTON. Aug. 28.-The Postofflce
Department to-day issued the following:
Postmasters appointed: California— J. B.
Fowler, Bryn Mawr, San ¦ Bernardino
County, vice W. J. Lawrence, resigned.
The following were appointed substitute
letter carriers at the San Francisco Post
office: Ed T. Hannon, Albert Blaso.
Thomas A. Gaffney. James C. Gibson,
Jcfcu J. Fogarty, Charles E. Tompkins,
Thomas J. Finn. Emil J. Kajingresser.
David E. Holland and Lorenzo D. Porter.
The following pensions were granted:
California — Original — Abram Bardmess,
Watsonvllle, 56; John C. White. National
So!cMers* Home, Los Angeles, $8; George
A. Low«U, Chleo. $6; Ernest W. Tateburg,
Saa Jose, $8. War with Spain — Charles T.
Stewart. San Francisco, $6. Increase —
El?.iah P. Ford. Los Angeles, $8; Thomas
J. Sprinkle, Los Angeles, $14; Joseph Cody,
Veterans' Home. Napa, $12; Lyman A.
Uolcomb. Los Angeles, $10.
Washington— Increase— Andrew J. Mills,
Vancouver, $8. • ;
DESTEOYZD HEB PAPERS
BEFOBE DEATH SUMMONED
HOMBURG, Aug. 28.— The will of the
lat« Dowager Empress Frederick was
"(opened without special ceremony to-day.
Her fortune totals eleven million marks.
Her six children receive a million each.
The youngest. Princess Margaret of
Hecse (wife of Prince Frederick Charles
of Hesse) also gets Frederickshof Castle,
on which the Empress Frederick spent
th« whole of the three million marks be
quest which she received from the late
Countess Galliera.
The Dowager Empress destroyed her
mo6t private papers. The remainder were
deposited in the Frederickshof library.
The fortune of the Dowager Empress in
cluded nothing from, the late Queen Vic
toria, the Dowager Empress having re
nounced all claims on her mother's es
tate.
WATER REVIVES
ARID REGIONS
Commissioner Murphy finally termi
nated the interview by beckoning to his
secretary, who escorted Mrs. Nation from
the room. Before leaving town Mrs.
Nation said she would return Sunday and
visit the Tenderloin, and "see everything
that was open.'
"Oh, yes," said Commissioner Murphy,
"I congratulate Mr. Nation. He ought to
be a happy man now."
"Why don't you want to discuss Sun
day saloons?" asked Mrs. Nation, and the
Commissioner replied angrily:
"Because I don't want to. I won't sit
here and be lectured."
"What, do you mean to say that you
won't discuss good morals in New York?
Don't you want to talk about the closing
up of these hell holes and murder shops?
Do you think I am crazy?"
"Yes, I do," responded Commissioner
Murphy. •
Mrs. Nation then addressed Mr. Murphy
as "father," which term the Commis
sioner warmly resented. But the Kansas
reformer persisted.
"Father. don't you think a little
'hatchetation' would be good for New
York?" she asked.
"If you violate the laws I will have you
locked up," responded Mr. Murphy.
When Mrs. Nation entered police head
quarters she was shown at once to Com
missioner Murphy's room. In opening her
interview with the Commissioner she said
she had called upon him for an account
of his stewardship and asked if he did
not think New York was an awful wicked
place. The Commissioner . replied in the
negative and Mrs. Nation repeated the
question as an assertion, whereupon Mr.
Murphy requested her to stop, saying he
would not discuss the matter with her.
She continued, l.owever. ,to ply the Com
missioner with questions concerning
drinking place*, all of which he refused
to answer. Mrs. Nation said she had
come here to do the city some good. •
"You don't know what you're talking
about," said Commissioner Murphy". "Go
back to Kansas and stay there. If you
want to do something, why don't you do
it for your husband?"
"I have no husband now," said Mrs.
Nation. "I suppose you know all about
that matter."
NEW YORK. Aug. 28.— Mrs. Carrie Na
tion arrived in this city to-day. She had
an interview with Police Commissioner
Murphy, during which he told her that
she would be arrested :f she violated the
law in this city. Mrs. Nation also called
at John L. Sullivan's saloon to see the ex
pugilist in reference to a statement he
was alleged to have made to the effect
that he would "throw her in the sewer."
Sullivan sent down word that he was ill,
but made an appointment to meet her
next Monday. She then went to see
Archbishop Corrigan, but he was out of
town.
It is understood that the Britisn Min
ister, Sir Ernest Satow, proposed to re
turn the edict to the Chinese Peace Com
misslorrers as unsatisfactory, but the pro
posal failed. Several of the diplomats, In
cluding Mr. Rockhili. opposed this feature
of the protocol. Among their reasons was
that it was impossible of enforcement and
that it was illogical, while insisting that
the Chinese Government maintain order,
:o deprive it of the means of so doing.
Whereas a month ago the Chinese Com
missioners were importuning the Ministers
to conclude the negotiations, it is now the
Ministers who are daily visiting Li Hung
Chang on a smilar errand. Several of the
Ministers expect to be transferred to more
pleasant posts at the conclusion of their
laoors and all are wearied with the con
finement in Peking during the tropical
months.
Diplomats Becoming Weary.
Prince Chun has dropped his pretense
of indisposition and is keeping up con
stant telegraphic communication with Pe
king. One cable message cost him $S(W.
The members of the Chinese mission are
not permitted to leave the hotel. This, it
is alleged. Is due to the personal orders of
Emperor William. '
PEKING. Aug. 2£— The imperial edict
forbidding the importation of arms and
munitions of ¦war is not satisfactory to
the foreign Ministers. A meeting of the
Ministers has been called to discuss the
edict. It ignores the vital fact that the
prohibition applies to the Government <md
that it is part of the Chinese punishment.
The edict makes it appear to be merely
the Government's voluntary act, prohibit
ing Chinese subjects from importing arms
and ammunition, as the country is dis
turbed by brigands. • -
Later in the dav it was announced the
Ministers had decided to accept the edict,
but to omit the first paragraph in pub
lishing it as part of the appendix to the
protocol.
Costly Messages to Peking.
The immediate attendants of Prince
Chun are decidedly indignant at their
summary handling, by tne German offi
cials, herr von Kausch. who is attached
to the mission in behalf of the German
Government, is calmly completing travel
ing arrangements, in spite of the Chinese
assertions that they may not proceed to
Berlin. Some of the minor Chinese ofli
eiai6 objected to lodging on the fourth
floor of the tiotel, but Von Rausch
promptly intervened and compelled them
to accept the quarters to which they had
been assigned. Seeing that the lowest in
ranks of the members of the retinue are
prominent nobles, such coercion is not rel
ished.
BERLIN, Aug.. 2S.— While official circles
etill believe that Prince Chun, head of the
Chinese special mission to Germany, Is ill
at Basle and will come to Berlin, in a
few days, the I.okal Anzeiger's ' Berne
correspondent to-day interviewed Herr
von Rausch, business manager of the mis
sion, who says the delay was due to ques
tions of formalities at the Berlin recep
tion. He regards these as subordinate and
believes the mission will start for Berlin
to-morrow.
Hatchet-Wielder Receives No
Encouragement in .
Gotham.
Oriental Nobles Are Not Per
mitted to Leave the
Hotels.
Kaiser's Orders to the
Special Mission Are
Displeasing.
Commissioner Murphy of
New York Talks to
Mrs. Nation.
SAYS HE THINKS
SHE IS CRAZY
CHINESE SHOW
THEIR WRATH
BEAUMONT, j Tex., Aug. . 28.— What Is
perhaps the biggest contract; ever made
for Beaumont fuel oil has been closed be
tween the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe
Railway, and a fuel company, of this city.
Under the contract the Santa Fe Railroad
agrees to take from the fuel company, a
minimum of 9,000,000 barrels of oil during
the next twelve months. The price is not
stated. - ¦r^r .
Buy Oil, by Millions of Barrels.
. Batteries— Waddell and Kahoe; Stlmmeland
Bergen. • Umpire— Brown.
fPITTSBURG. Aug. 28.— Pittsburs seemed a
Chicago 5 !" 10 "0
Cincinnati 4 12 ;. 1
' Batteries— Nichols and . Kittredge; Newton
and .¦ Farrell. Umpire — Nash. . .
CHICAGO, . Aus. 28.— Chicago and Cincinnati
closed their season's series to-day with a close
game. The locals were outbatted. Attendance
11,000. Score:
¦-:¦'.".• " H. H. - : E.
Results of Yesterday's Contests 3s
. tween the Nines of the National
and American Leagues.
NATIONAL, LEAGUE.
• BROOKLYN, Aug. 28.— The Brboklyna made
it three straight with the Bostons to-day by
hammering Nichols safely fourteen, times for a
total of twenty-three bases. Newton was in
vincible after the first. Attendance, 3100.
Score:
. J R. H. *E.
Boston'... .1 6 3
Brooklyn ,. :... .5 14 2
BASEBALL GAMES
ON/ EASTERN DIAMONDS
| One day about a month ago Miss Wag
ner mounted her horse and started on a
long ride ¦.¦ across - the . mountains to ¦ visit
some neighbors.,. From;. the disconnected
bits that -she can give her relatives now,
it seems that "she saw. a- rattlesnake : In
the road while she was going. This un
nerved ¦ her, but ¦ she continued her; trip.
< it ,was on her. return -^that .. she -en
countered the panther. .She was- riding,
along quietly when the animal appeared
on a bank, , almost i beside her., horse. 3 It
was nearly on 'a level . with her and she
The glare of a panther in the , wilds
of .the Trinity County mountains drove
Mis? Pearl' Wagner Into convulsions
that rendered her unconscious for more
than a month,' and it has been only.with
in tho last* few days that she has been
able to tell of her startling experiences.
It is a case of ; "The Eye of the Pan
ther," for the animal produced such an
effect upon . Miss Wagner that when the
horse, brought the \ young lady, to her
father's mine she : was; clinging to its
back without the ability to; tell' a word
of what had happened. The physicians
say that It . is a most extreme case of
the effect of .fright upon one whose
physical condition was not of the strong
est. ' ¦.¦ • ¦ ¦-. ;' ¦ ¦' ¦ ¦¦'."./.;¦ '
. Miss Wagner went to her father's mine
at- Coffee Creek, Trinity County, at the
close of her school. I She i had just gradu
ated from the Berkeley High School, and
as she had studied, hard it was thought
that several - weeks , spent In the moun
tains . and • forests of. that wild' part; of
California would ¦' be of '• benefit to -her
health. . ,-•; ' . > < s'-' - ' ; !^
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
-; 1118 Broadway, Aug. 28.
Girl Rendered Uncon
scious for Month by
Glare of Beast.
PANTHER'S EYES
DO AWFUL WORK
The young lady was taken - into her
father's • house and tenderly cared for.
She hovered .between life and death for
several weeks and finally began to mend.
As soon as ¦: she could be moved . with
safety she was brought to Berkeley and
is -at the home- of her brother-in-law,
Winfleld S. Schmidt, ' in Peralta Park.
Here she gradually .:. regained conscious
ness,! but there is a month gone from her
mind and the time from the moment that
she thought > the panther was about to
spring. until she woke up in Berkeley is a
complete blank.
Miss- Wagner" has since told her.story
in bits.!' She Is not allowed to talk much
about it, for when she "recalls the terror
that she f elt ; at that moment she lapses
again ¦ into unconsciousness. Dr. Miner,
who .'is attending, the youngs lady, says
that her condition : Is . unusual because . of
the length of ' her unconsciousness, and
that.it was due to-extreme fright. He
said to-day : ,'..' "Miss .Wagner's . condition
was undoubtedly caused by the fright the
glaring: panther gave 1 her.- The: weather
was; very warm and she was ; debilitated
by. her. studies • here, and these two things
helped, of course to bring her. to her pres
ent > state.'- ; Fright, however, . ia .without
doubt the main cause of her illness. Her
condition is improvine.'.' ¦
Miss., Wagner was unable to say what
had happened * and the only ¦ theory that
the family could evolve ¦ was that she
had suffered from sunstroke '• and had
fallen from her horse, for there was no
other way .to account for the torn cloth
ing -' and bruised body. This , was ex
plained a few days ago when she first
began to .talk. It was evident that after
she lost consciousness, or just as con
sciousness fled, her : horse, must have
thrown 'her from its back, and yet in her
delirium she in some manner regained
her mount, and clinging to the animal's
neck was taken back home by the
horse, whose instinct urged him to his
stable. - ¦ "••.." ¦ • ¦
tells now of the glare of. the eyes as it
stood there. The animal seemed to know
that the girl was unarmed and she says
that while she was so greatly frightened
at its appearance that when it did not
retreat but prepared to spring she be
came so terror stricken that she almost
lost all consciousness. She, saw only the
glare . of the eyeballs as the . panther
crouched to spring, and she tried to urge
her horse . forward. After that every
thing was a blank.
¦When the horse came galloping into
the mine stable the girl was clinging to
its back.- She was • unconscious and
frothing at tht mouth," while her,cloth
ing was torn and her body was bruised
as if she had fallen from her horse. ¦
• The Chutes and Zoo, with Lunette, the
"maid of the air," the always entertain
ing amateur bill and the Mikado min
strels for special Thursday night attrac
tions, has a good programme to offer this
week.
The Paloma Quartet, Marietta Worth
and company, Joe Edmunds, Fannie Ray
mond, Camelia and Amelita, P. A; Duns
worth, Coleman and Mexis and Hinrichs'
orchestra are Fischer's entertainers this
week and among them provide an amus
ing and attractive bill. - •.•>..
¦ •¦"¦ • • *
singer, is the Orpheum's headliner in the
current all-star bill. The Cragg family
of acrobats— eight of them this week— are
a splendid feature of the programme, and
Powell, the wizard extraordinary, is
another leading attraction. The four Otts
continue to amuse in their sketch, "The
Smart Set," and the Lefebre saxophone
quartet discourses most pleasing music.
Louise Thorndyke Bouclcault and Her
bert Pattee are doing better work in their
sketch and Dick Jose is nightly delighting
the audiences with his sweet voice. Re
marc and Rilay close the fine bill.
The Central has taken to ' doing the
large things in theatrical circles lately.
"The Two Orphans" is the week's offer
ing, and to-night the audience will be
serenaded during the intermissions by 150
mandolin, guitar and banjo players from
Professor C. F. Graber's classes. . It is ex
pected that the unique performance will
day night. The advance sale of seats for
the engagement of Annie Russell, in "A
Royal Family," will commence at the
box office of the Columbia this morning.
The star and her company will arrive
here from New Ybrk to-morrow in trim
for the opening performance next Monday
night, when San Franciscans will see the
production that ran for over six months
at the Lyceum Theater, . The identical
metropolitan cast and production will be
seen here. Mrs. G. ¦ H. Gilbert, Orrin
Johnson, W.-H. Thompson and Lawrence
D'Orsay are among the star's support.
The play is from the pen of R. Marshall,
whose clever farcical romance, "His Ex
cellency the Governor," was much liked
by local theater-goers when it was staged
by Henry Miller.
NEW YORK STAR WHO WILL APPEAR WITH "A ROYAL FAMILY" AT
THE COLUMBIA NEXT WEEK, AND A STELLAR ACTRESS OF THE
CENTRAL THEATER COMPANY.
None of the steel officials would discuss
the matter. Shaffer declared to-night
that the strike, in spite of the claims of
the other side to the contrary,. is proceed
ing satisfactorily and that his association
is making such inroads upon the corpora
tion's business that it will be compelled
sooner or later to come to terms. . His
men, he says, are firm all along the line,
and are determined to stand ¦. for their
rights to the end. He says the few mills
th&t have been started are doing little
effective work. The- fact that the cor
poration Is adding to its force daily does
not worry the president. He believes
them to be either unskilled or poortwork
nieji, who will be a drawback rather than
a help to their employers.
• "Where will they get men to run their
plants? If we thought the men could be
secured the threat might frighten us. Un
til we are assured that .they are forthcom
ing we will keep our nerve." i£
The latest official-- declaration from steel
sources is that the strike can now be set
tled only by the men going back to the
mills. The position the officials take, It
is said, is that the strike is over so far as
their dealing with the strikers as a body
is concerned.
Notwithstanding the well- denned posi
tion taken by the steel corporation as to a
settlement, another arbitration scheme
was launched this evening by Simon
Burns, president of the Window Glass
Workers' Association. Burns proposes
an arbitration committee selected from
among such men as Archbishop Ireland,
Bishop Potter, Seth Low and others
of like prominence, who, after •> hav
ing the entire matter' explained to
them by both sides to the controversy,
shall have absolute authority to decide
upon terms of settlement, their decision to
bo final and accepted by both parties. •
. Burns says he has President Shaffer's
sanction for the move, and if the corpora
tion will agree to the plan the strike will
be declared off at once.
"¦Wheels "Within Wheels" as presented
by Daniel Frohman's Company is proving
an attractive bill at the Columbia Thea
ter. Hilda Spong,- in the Uadlng role, is
seen to splendid advantage. The entire
cast is well fitted. The final performance
by this company will take place on Satur-
tin plate company's avowed intention of
breaking away from the union entirely,
President Shaffer of the Amalgamated
Association said. . .
"Mefistofele" and "II Trovatore". have
again been filling the Tivoli from ground
floor to roof and the performances are as
satisfying as ever. The first named opera
has been a splendid innovation in opera
productions at this house, and the fact
that this magnificent work can be given
at prices within the reach of all has been
taken full advantage* of. Dado, Agostini
and Montanari have all been heard at
their best, and Collamarinl, Castellano
and Barbareschi, not forgetting Salassa,
have given the Verdi favorite in fine style.
Next week comes "Norma" and \ "Mig
non."
The last week of the Frawley engage
ment at the Grand Opera-house is given
over to "Lord and Lady Algy," in which
Mr.. Frawley in particular finds a congen
ial role. To-night every lady attending
the performance will be presented with
Mr. Frawley's photograph as a farewell
gift, each portrait bearing the actor-man
ager's signature.
Next week Joseph Haxvorth, the veteran
actor, will appear in "Rosedale," the first
starring production of a brief season at
the Grand Opera-house. Mr. Haworth's
reputation on the legitimate stage is too
well known to need mention and "Rose
dale" is one of his best plays..
shank Julia Dean has one of her
happiest " opportunities and is the bright
and. particular star of the cast. ' Mr. Neill
Is. perhaps .not at his best as Sir-- Jasper
Thorndyke. but with the rest of the com
pany gives a very, pleasing interpretation
of the pretty play. John W. Burton, as
Captain Cruickshank, does an. excellent
sketch of the peppery old gentleman. On
Sunday night one of the less well-known
plays by Oscar Wilde will be presented,
"An Ideal Husband."
THE dainty and charming romance,
"Rosemary," is the week's excel
lent attraction at the California
Theater. As. Dorothy Cruick-
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 28.— Injunction pro
ceedings against the Delmar Jockey Club
were instituted in the Cirtuit Court this
afternoon by the State at the instance of
Attorney General Crow. The petition
asks that the club, Its officers and direc
tors and agents be enjoined temporarily
from making books, selling pools, making
wagers or bets or registering bets on
races run at the Delmar track by virtue
of certain licenses numbering from 446 to
460. which are alleged to be fraudulent.
The petition asks that the temporary in
junction be made permanent after a final
hearing and that the defendant be ordered
to deliver their licenses to the Clerk of
the Court . for . cancellation.
Results: ... .
First race, six furlongs, selling — Fickle Saint
won/ ¦ Hengist second, -Emily Oliver .third.
Time. 1:15%. . • •
Second race, one mile, selling— Burnett's
¦Walkaway won, Joe Doughty seconl. Charles
D third. Time, l:43Vi-
Third race, six furlongs, purse— Wakleta won.
Runnels second. Taby Tosa third. Time, 1:15%.
Fourth race, six furlongs— Judge Pettus won.
Miss May Day second. Van Hoorebek third.
Time. 1:14. - ¦>>
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs, selling-
Elbe won. Kitty second. Marguerite Hageman
third. Time, 1:21%.
Sixth race, "one mile, selling — Prosper La Gal
won, John Morton second, Eleven Bells third.
Time. 1:42^.
SARATOGA. N. Y., Aug. 28.— Results:
First race, steeplechase, short course—Decam
eron won. The Bachelor second. Trillion third.
Time, 4:26 1-5. •
Second race/ seven furlongs— Alard Scheck
won. Satire second, Coburg third. Time. 1:27 35.
Third race, the Albany handicap, for two
year-olds, sli furlongs — Dixie Line won. Jim
Tully second. Smart Set third. Time, 1:13 4-5.
Fourth race, handicap, one mile and a six
teenth—Terminus won, St. Finnan second, The
Amazon third. Time, 1:48.
Fifth race, selling, six furlongs— Dark Secret
won. Shandonfleld second, Montana Pioneer
third. 1 Time, 1:15 1-5.
FORT ERIE, Ont., Aug. 28.— Results:
First race, selling, seven furlongs— Minnie B
won. The Laurel second, Frandoo third. Time,
1:28&
Second race, five furlongs— Cormac won,
Elizabeth J second, Queen Freeze third. Time,
1:02%. ¦ ' • .
Third race, six furl«ngs-^Maple won, Tyrba
second. Pharaoh third. Time, 1:15. . '
Fourth race, selling, one mile— Baffled won.
Cherry Wild second. Stamp third. Time, 1:11.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Ingo won. Bourbon
King second, Lathrop third. Time, 1:03 Vi.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Glad Hand won,
Drogheda second, Ordeal third. Time, 1:14&
CHICAGO, Aug. 28.— Hawthorne results:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Lingo
won. Baby Hall second. Blessed Damosel third.
Time, • 1:OSM.
¦ Second race, one mile and an eighth, selling—
False Lead won, Harry Preston second, Fare
well third. Time. I:5«i4.
Third race,- five furlongs — Pronto won, Even-
Ing Star second. Gold Finder third. Time.
1:02 2-5. .......
Fourth race, one mile, handicap— Headwater
won, . Jlmlnez second. Anthracite third. Time,
1:42%. ¦ ¦- ' "
Fifth race, one mile and fifty yards, selling —
Gawaln won, Flying Torpedo second, Rasselas
third. .Time, .1:44%.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Henry of Frans
taraar won, Synla second. Banish third. Time,
l:43H. . ¦
ST. LOUIS, Aug.- 28.— Klnloch Park results:
First race, six furlongs, purse— Little Lois
won, Ermac second, Countess Clara third.
Time. 1:13.
Second race, seven, furlongs, selling — Likeness
won Papa Harry second, Siren Sons third.
Time, 1:30.
Third race, five and a half furlongs—Ravens
bury won, April second, Mary Grant third.
I Time, 1:08^4.
' Fourth race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing— Monos won, Nettie Regent second, Tony
Lepplng third. Time, 1:47. - •
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth. purse-
El Caney won, Albert F. Dewey second, Golden
Scepter third. Time, 1:49.
BUTTE, Mont.. Aug. 28.— Results:
First race, six furlongs— Searchlight won,
Hattie Perkins second, Baby Ruth third. Time,
1:15. . ...
Second race, three and a half furlongs — Fand
de Lee won. Clear Sky second.. Cousin Sue third.
Time, . :42V4. . .
Third race, six furlongs— Favorito won. Bill
Bohmanson second.. Sweet Voice third. Time,
1:15%.
Fourth race, seven furlongs — Free Pass won.
Alarla second, Donator third. Time, 1:28%.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Sea Queen won.
Patsy Dolan second, ' Decapo third, i Time, 1:01.
Sixth race, six furlongs— Alary's Garter won,
Mr. Robinson second, . Ice third. Time, 1:15'4.
Horses That Passed Under 'the "Wire
and Caught the Judges'
Eyes.
TOOK THE MONEY ON
EASTERN RACECOURSES
Following the Governor's statement the
debate on the concluding paragraph of
¦the resolution began in earnest and for an
hour furnished the excitement of the con
vention. The speeches were marked by
much bitterness and Governor Savage was
not spared. While his action was warm
ly defended by a number, who credited
him with only the best motives, the con
vention placed the stamp of disapproval
on the parole, and by a vote of 998 to 167,
adopted the njatform as a whole. The
convention then adjourned. • •
The action of Governor Savage in parol
ing from the penitentiary former State
Treasurer Joseph S. .Hartley furnished, as
¦was expected, the only real excitement of
the convention. An effort to dispose of
the vexed question of an indorsement or
disapproval 01 the Governor's action out
side the convention failed. Supporters of
the Governor did succeed in naving all
resolutions referred to the committee 011
platform without debate, but the commit
tee itself reported in turn against the pa
role and,- while not impugning the mo
tives of the Governor, uemanaed the re
turn of the ex-Treasurer to the peniten
tiary, and was sustained by the conven
tion. On the Bartley parole the platform
says:
-The. Republicans of Nebraska disclaim
for the party any sympathy with cus
todians of public money found guilty of
the betrayal of sacred trusts. Witnout
impugning the motives of the Governor in
any way, we deprecate any exercise of
executive clemency tending to create the
false impression that the Republican
party is disposed to condone the unlawful
embezzlement of public funds under any
circumstance, and we request the imme
diate recall of the parole granted to Jo
seph S. Bartley by the Governor."
Before action was taken on the report the
privilege was asked and granted the Gov
ernor to make a statement. The Governor
explained at length hig reason for grant
ing a parole to Bartley. He reminded the
convention that he alone was responsible
and that if he had erred in his act of
clemency to a man convicted of embezzle
ment the fault must rest with himself and
not with the Republican party of tho
State.
LINCOLN, Neb.. "Aug. 28.— The Repub
lican State convention to-day nominated
this ticket: Justice of Supreme Court,
Samuel Sedgwick of York County; Re
gents of University, Carl J. Ernst of Lan
caster, H. L. Gould of Keith.
Bitter Speeches Are Made in
the Convention at
Lincoln.
Nebraska Republicans
"Disapprove of the
Bartley Parole.
SCORE ACTION
OF GOVERNOR
THE SAN FBANOISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AUGUST 29, 1901.
Joseph Haworth Reaches Grand Opera-House Next
Week==="Two Orphans" at Central.
"ROSEMARY," DAINTY ROMANCE,
PLEASES ITS HEARERS WELL
Lucille Saunders, the fine dramatic
"Romeo and Juliet" is going well'at the
Alcazar, with Miss Roberts and White
Whittleaey as exponents of the leading
roles. Next Monday evening, when begins
the final month of Miss Roberts' season,
"Ingomar" will be put on, with Miss Rob
erts as Parthenia. White Whittlesey as
sumes the role of Ingomar, which he
played for two seasons to Julia Arthur's
Parthenia.
attract a large number of the lovers of
these instruments. ¦ "
Next week one of the most important
productions of the season will be seen, the
new Biblical drama, "A Voice in the Wil
derness," by Edward Ellsner. The prepa
rations for, the play are on the most elab
orate scale ¦ and no expense has been
spared by the management to make the
drama a complete success. Robert Down
ing, under whose direction the play will
be given,, will appear in the leading role
of John the Baptist, and Miss. Annette
Marshall, the Central's clever leading
lady, is cast as Herodias. . There are fifty
speaking parts in the play and more peo
ple in the "crowd" than. the Central stage
has ever seen before. - ¦ ¦
9
c
GHAFE-NTJTS.
• ..THE,. •
• ¦':.:: •
I Food Cuse !
• •¦ •.'*.' . ; ¦ •
• Put In the body what Q
S NATURE NEEDS. J
• - •
• V Find that In •
•GRAPE=NUTSS
, H.' R. BRADFORD. General Manager.
.7 North Market at.. San Jose.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office. 413
Kearny St.. San Francisco.
P. DE FREITAS. Agent.
To raise money to build a larg* fumae* on
this mine we will sell treasury stock for SOe
per shire until farther notice. Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. stock Is all sold and
issued, and we are now produclns quicksilver.
Investigate this offer.
SANBEN1T0C0. •
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
proper material of this sort obtains a
definite result, which , he can feel and
know of and - which is - apparent to his
Vjrlends. '¦' •• --¦ '. ' - ' - ¦
' A vigorous brain and nervous system
is of the greatest Importance to any bus-
iness man or brain worker-
One of the most Important discoveries
of late is the application of the right
kiird of food to rebuild the lost sub-
stances of the body thrown off by the
active, nervous work of "Americans. ¦ '
Careful Investigation by experts in food
and diatetlcs hss brought out the fact
that albumen, which is contained In va-
rious food*. Is acted upon by phosphate
of potash, ' not such as obtained in drug
Ftores, but such as is found In certain
parte of the field grains in most minute
particles, arranged In., Nature's labora-
tory, not man's.
The part of the grains containing phos-
phate of potash Is used In the manufao
ture of Grape-Nuts Food, therefore the
active, nervous, pushing brain worker
can feed the body with food ' that goes
directly to "the rebuilding of the broken
down gray matter In ¦ the brain, solar
plexus- and nerve centers all over -the
body, with the result that the Individual
who refreshes and rebuilds the body with
HOW TO BUILD A BODY.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. , Depot, 323 Market.
Get an estimate from us on every-
thing required to furnish your entire
establishment.. Credit and free de-
livery within 100 miles.
We close at S except on Saturdays
and days before holidays. On those
days at 10 o'clock.
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 POST STREET, I
Opposite Union Square. S
ADVERTISEMENTS.THE t SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, AIJGTJST 29, 1901.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Cal!. corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock «>very night ln the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. ra.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
6S9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
S15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. ra.
1P41 Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
2161 Market street corner Sixteenth: open
until 9 p. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until J p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until J p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. ...
2200 Fillmore street; or^n *"itll 9 P- «•
MEETING NOTICES. '"^
A STATED meeting of Yerba Buena
Lodge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A. ""_"
Scottish PJte of Freemasonry, will be A
held :n Coaimandery Hall. Masonic _/eW
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. «SB£v
August 59, 1901. at 8 o'clock. Also a stated
meeting of Godfrey de St Omar Council No.
L Knights Kadosh.
HENRY BURNER. Secretary.
I.ITSPION Chapter No. 79, R, A. M.— it
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. 7:30 o'clock. M. M. degree. Jt>\
By order of the H. P. / "V»
, JOHN R. HILLMAJC. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodce No. 1. F. and A. m
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY)
EVENING. August 29. at 7:30 o'clock. JWj\
Second degree. By order of the Mas- ' *w '
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary. I
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. at
M.— Special meeting THIS (THURS-
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock. Third /SLJT
degree. Master Masons cordially in-'^r >
vited. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
SOUTH San Francisco Lodge No. 215, m
F. and A. M.. meets THIS (THURS- _4V_
DAY) EVENING at 7 o'clock for third sL2f
degree. Master Masons are cordially ' »
invited. By order of the Master.
E. C. HARE. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M.— -
Special meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _/«_
EVENING at 7:C0 o'clork. Second de- J£3?
gree. By order of the Senior Warden. <Vl
I : « ¦¦•-::: J. R- GOLDSMITH. Secretary.
SPECIAL MEETING! ~ ~
A special meeting of the members of the
Builders' Exchange will be held on FRIDAY,
August 30. 1901, at 1 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of discussing the strike which is now
affecting the building trades very seriously.
By order of S. H. KENT, President
JAS. A. WILSON, Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
DAIRYMEN'S UNION of California will be
held at the office of the corporation, 124, 126,
128 Davis st, on TUESDAY, September 10,
12CL at 1 o'clock p. m.. for the purpose of
electing directors for the ensuing year and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
G. A. CODONI. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS— Do you want something more proat-
able and easier to sell than books or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412, Parrott bldg.
ADOPTIOX.
AN Infant for adoption. MRS. DR. FUNKE,
1416 Eighth Et. AJameda.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
PtrXKE. 1416 Eighth st. Alameda.
ASPHALTCM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORSKYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free;fiivorces private; bankruptcy -col-
lections attachments ; mortgages ;bills of sale ;
partnerships :deeds: wills drawn ;fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 1005% Mkt, r. 4. op. 5th.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private -
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market.cor.Stockton.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. 3S7 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
rnptcy. estates, general practice; mod. fees.
ADVICE free: tio charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. : consultation free: no fees ln advance.
BOOKS SEW AND OLD.
BOCKS of every kind bought Tel. Red. 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
t OR 1 children to board; good home & moth-
cr"g care; tlO up; cunny yard. 1607 California.
GOOD home for children: near school; J8 up.
2127 Prince st. Berkeley.
BCREAC TRCXKS. t-
ASK to see Lund beck's " improved drawer
trunk: at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
~~ BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — J500: CHOP and oyster house on Market st;
rent $30; dally receipts £30 and above; owner
called East by death. Call R. G. WILKE
26% Kearny gt^ . ----
A— $500: HALF interest ln agency of Eastern
and European manufacturing; not less than
$150 per month dear for each partner; refer-
ences exchanged. Particulars R. G. WILKE,
26»4 Kearny st
A — $350; DELICACY store and branch bakery
with 3 furnished rooms; rent J18; location
first class; owner accepted-State position. Call
on R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny at
A — J700; CORNER grocery and bar with 2 liv-
ing rooms on O'Farrell et; rent $25; good
business; owner to leave city. R. G. WILKE
26^ Kearny st
A— $450; RESTAURANT and coffee saloon; two
blocks from corner Market and Stockton sts.;
rent $30; most sell at once: owner to leave
for Manila. Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny.
A— $250; SHOOTING gallery, doing a good busi-
ness; net profits at least $100 per month: rent
*J5= T «>™ e . ««e^and satisfy yourself. R. o.
A— $1500; FIRST-CLASS ln prices and flrst-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building-
come. Investigate and you will find a splendid
Investment Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny.
PARTNER with small capital: painting, paper-
hanging; to attend store; good opening; coun-
try town. GAMMILL & MOCK, 906 Market st
BARGAIN— Jewelry and optician business for
Rile: mining town. GAMMILL & MOCK. 906
J2S0-CIGAR stand, stock and fixtures; down-
town; snap. RESTLOFF, 906 Market st. r 12
tSOO-RESTAURANT on 4th St.; rent $27 CO- 44
chairs. Mclaughlin & co.. n& Market
"WILL sacrifice an old-established cash milk
route Jn Western Addition; S0-gallon trad?- 3
r^ S> \,V* W wa S° n - etc - other business
Point Lobff avf / *"* *"»• ApP * »«
HOG and chicken ranch for Bale: near city
hogs, chicken*, swill wagon, horse. Incubator
etc.; about $4C0; place to let. Box 4. Caff
A MAN with t;00 or S10CO would invest in coffee
and lunch house. Box 1, Call. -
T^P~ An £>"«* «"><1 sober partner wlti
wjwi in sn optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
f£S2 *' * t<x: cash receipts about $1500 to
ES??,?*?. aK)nth - Address GEORGE MAY-
v« 5" g™* 1^ Ex P ert Optician. 1071% Mar-
Ket ft.. Ban Fra* risco.
FOR sale— At Invoice price, the merchandise
«« 0r ?- Of k CN ' OP . ICS & CO - Santa Rosafwth
It H^irf ft anche "« one =¦* Eebastopol and one
«^^if rs - a " a whole or eacn Et °re sep-
r^«iiir J^&ree men t af ncms partners the cause
/ mi" f or Particulars address CNOPIUS
ft CO.. Santa Rosa.
PARTNER wanted for ladles' tailoring est^h
lishmcnt with small capital ft," eSod tafsl
ness. P. GLIXMAN. Vallejo, CaL ¦
A . G00 P Inside route on this paper for sale-
?ff w£!5£S?: !ocat>on - CaU ** *** «»~
FOR Sale-A milk dairy, with living roams at-
J^ed; on account of going East 1169 Va»
jsoo BUYS half-inter«st In manufacturing busl
ness, well established. Bex 4S05. Call offlceT
A MONET-MAKING business. See S SWEF
KEY. S7 Third Et. room 12. EE
E Mfs5on*«£ k cI?v fOr gale cheap " , Apply .*» ™
F £ R a!e ~ A good P&ying restaurant. Apply
¦210 Townsend «t.. bet. Third and Fourth
$S T?7f T £ A - M ,J!? llndry . at San Mateo. J. w.
DALTO». 102 Au«tln ave.. San Francisco.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Valencia efcf established at 10»S
CLASSIFIED aiTvprtieenients and subscriptions
received at Call branch offW. 2200 Fillmlre st.
LODGIXG-HOLSES FOR SALE.
MARION GRIFFIN." 719 Market st. rms 1-2
Near Call bldg.; telephone Black 1-8-0-3. '
Samples from big free list at my office:
34 r; rent J40; $150 cash. bal. monthly.. 1 . J*M
20 r.; 3 blocks n. of Market st: rent $80 '
income $198; good furniture; fine carp.. 1500
44 r.; Al; rent $120; clears $150 month... 3000
WINSTON & WOLF, 1036 Market et ~
24 rooms: corner; rent $55; payments.;. .$1225
25 rooms; north of Market: rent $75 1500
20 rooms; good paying house 1500
19 rooms; rent $50; reduced to 750
W rooms; rent $90; tee thft 2000
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE— -Con.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 *M A RKET. OPP 5TH.
' V7 YEARS IN THI8 BUSINESS ;
IN THIS CITY -— TTT
17 rooms; $250 cash. bal. $10 per month.. 1150
100 rooming houses, from 2 to 5C0 rooms.
. 14 rooms; on Market st *™
10 rooms; north of Market st *?"
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1WW
• S rooms; flat near City Hall *j»
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 J™
9 rooms; good'plano; must sell <"•>
16 rooms; offices; clears $80.'..'. ™™
14 rooms; $100 cash, balance payments... 400
4S rooms; hotel and bar »™»
18 rooms; on Sixth Bt; clears $80 800
24 rooms: on Market: clears $150 jw»
1$ rooms; corner; Just like home 15OT
10 rooms: on Mason st. ; new *•»¦{
£2 rooms: offices; clears $250 *™®
21 rooms; J600 cash, balance payments.... l_>0
I sell and exchange all kinds of Property.
GIVE ME A CALL. I CAN SUIT "iOU IN
LOCATION. PRICE AND PAYMENTS.
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1C20 Market: tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION BUYERS! 'lizZj,
YOU MAY BUY ANY . ROOMING-HOUSE
ON OUR LIST
And pay for it ln monthly payments from the
profits of the house. _^j
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES
10 rooms; rent $20; on Sixth $l<->
20 rooms; modern: cost $3500 2C00
6 rooms on Van Ness; modern .' 400
40 rooms; on Third 1800
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments — 12o0
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms: grand corner; clears $100 6000
7 rooms on Geary.... 2c0
17 rooms on Market: central NwO
8 rooms on Ellis; clears $35 wO
26 rooms on Mission 200
90-room hotel and bar 1600
45 rooms: rent $125 "35°
A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market, cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A— CAMERON & CO..
S50 Market St. and 8 Stopkton St..
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotei. rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices, oee list of bargains.
65 r.; rent $350; with restaurant J3000
60 r.; rent $200; elegant family hotel 6000
27 r.; rent $140; good fur., carpets 2200
25 r.: rent $140; nice fur., carps., ofs., r.. 2000
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1% p. c.
22 r.; rent $100: mahogany and oak;fur... 1500
20 r.; rent $S0; hardwood fur., housekpg. 1100
17 r.; rent $65; oak fur.; pefm., trans... 900
14 r.; rent $40; brus. carp., oak fur 1000
JO r. : rent $52 50; hardwd fur., brus. carp. 750
xr.: rent $35; modern flat new fur 450
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market: phone Folsom 1592
— 10-room house, handsomely furnished in" oak
and cherry: all new and elegant carpets; fine
bed linen; light and sunny; clearing $45 over
expenses; sell regardless of price; worth $900.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market: phone Folsom 1592.
75 R $10,000 37 R $5500 24 R $1SOO
60 R 3,000 37 R 1S00 19 R 1400
80 R 1.CO0 16 R £50 12 R...... 450
10 R 300 9 R 300 6 R 300
$1100—15 ROOMS: Ellis; close in.
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $203 over all.
$550—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
$500— 6-room flat: grand furniture: rent $25.
$1100—17 rooms; money-maker; rent $55.
S650— 8 rooms; now being furnished.
J2500 — 70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
HOUSES HOUSES HOUSES
IF YOU WANT
TO BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
IN ANY PART OF THE CITY
come and see me about it
....i either have or can secure....
tour Ideal
916 Market Bt M. K. B. WALLACE, room 73
BOSTON Business Agency, 1016 Market st, opp.
Fifth— Must be sold, at a great bargain, lodg-
ing-house, fine paying, price $£00. half cash,
balance to suit buyer, hous? 22 rooms, rent
$25, guaranteed profit $100 p»r month; house
on Eddy st. 10 rooms, money-maker, great
bargain. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market st,
opp. Fifth.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at offlce of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
h' V KNITXJRE of 8-room lodging-house for sale;
$100; rooms already rented. 1620 Polk st.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME & see C V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Sun.. Tues., Frl.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
rive names; received medals from many coun-
tries: taken last world's record medal Paris
Fair. 1CS4 Bush et : tel. 2275 Larkin St.
A-»Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium and
life reader: mining a specialty: dr. Sun.,Wed.
and Fxt evenings. 1035 Market st (no sign).
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit re-
turn to-night 605 McAllister; 10c;. come,
skeptics.
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sun.. Tues.
and Thurs.. 8 p. m. : every one gets a test;
private readings dally. 299 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
- letter. $2. 1164 O"Farrell st : Ellis car.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak; circle Tues. & Fri.,
8 p. m.; Wed.. 2:30 p. m.; 10c; read, daily, 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night, 10c.
MRS. LESTER, spiritual test meeting, 8 p. m.,
10c; readings daily. 148 Sixth St.. room 12.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture? If you are ln trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied ln life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. • ,
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trnnce
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
S€; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
A— LINCON. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coapt;
he succeeds when others fail: permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk St.; readings by mall.
MME. MONTAGUE. •
Truthful predictions in all 'affairs of life; gives
names, fact*, figures; gives luck: honest pre-
dictions In love affairs; reunites separated,
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagncses disease with life reading; larlien EOc
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1CO. 125 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
eth: private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
KNOW your fate. MME. RICHARDS, astrol-
ogical palmist, reader human destiny: never
falls: 25c and 50c; by mail. 50c. 1203 Mission.
MME. LAROSE. T>est clairvovant. card reader;
German gpoken;25c up. 777'/~Market Bt..room 18.
MME. HANSEN— Card reader and palmist;
past, present, future. 108 Sixth st., 2d floor.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
M. WILLE; crystal s«»er, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a.- m. to 8 p. m.: 50c. 326A Ellis.
Mre.llallory.clalrvoyant card render: when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c. G. 50e. 917 Howard.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c. gents SOo; readings flaily. 132 Sixth st.
LADIES only: your future foretold natisfactor-
lly. 15c 6 Marye Terrace, off 413 Turk st
CARD reading. 25c and up. 835 Howard st.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant card reader-
sittings daily. MS\j Jessie gt.. bft Eth and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. C Fourth st.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana,
only 10c. 262 Minna at, near Fourth. \
A L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist. 148
Sixth Ft., room 23.
CARPET BEATIXG AIVD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
lng Works. 353-357 Tehama st; tel South 40.
BEATING. 3c: laying, 3c: renovating 5c up-
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phor.e Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY. 1511% Market St.; phono Mint 1095!
A P VA . NC ; E jS ar Pet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st. ;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel: Mission 263.
° tm %??' S _ B »P* rior Carpet-beating Works!
333 Golden Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
C 5Xr,?£l>£ 1 , Car Pet-beatlng Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 28-40 8th sf; tel. South 250.
J V« E i M £ rCH £ L J' Carpet-beatIng«E*nd Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth Ft.: tol. Mission 74.
* CHIROPODISTS. ~
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails, warts:' paln-
less cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassbunrer fromN.Y., specialist on feet,
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
J^___5£J^^£TIOrrO!F < E'ICES. ~~
GEORGE W. KELLY'S A R ency-No~cha^g7un1
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
. ... COTTAGES TO LET. -.„•' "• : X.\
-j COTTAGE of 4 roomsT~T32 Rose^ave "bet
. Gough and Octavia, 1% blocks from Market!
lililii 1 1 1 n^wmMm^mt- ¦ .
DENTISTS.
A^rT / T."sT'hIGGINS. 9i7^Market~street
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
.for painless dentistry; pure gold silling $1 53;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural .and
guaranteed. $3 up; a good metal- plater $15;
gold and "porcelain crowns $3 to $10; teeth
without plate: painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you-can
have your extractions done painlessly;' teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. m to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
" p. m. J. ,W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free: prices
cheapept and guarantped; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist;
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st. — Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates. ¦ i ,%-:¦¦
DR. R. L.WALSH.815»4 Geary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c; platen $5 up;phonePolkll35.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c.
DR. H. G,, TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly ln Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless": evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
DKRMAJTf>LOiGISTS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and ' moles permanently
removed by electrolysis: f acini massage with
hydro-vacu. . MTFS MTLLMAN. i>31 Rnsb ft.
DRESSMAKERS AND. SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Clas3 rates; patterns cut 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention, m Post over O'Connor & Moffatt
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT SCHOOL FOR MEN.
A practical and industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any other night school ln the city for a
remarkably low tuition; send or apply for the
1 pronpectus at the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis sts.; opening night Tuesday, Sep-
tember 10: registration beginning September
1; departments— Art, business, clvl! service,
elementary, engineering, high school, lan-
. gua§res. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
I A. MACURDA, educational director.
1 AYRES 1 Leading- Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling. Sapnish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat., free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert
' F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
| tical bookkeeping, full course. $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building. ¦
; SPANISH— Theoretrical or practical; speedy
I guide to habitual talk; translations; letters.
210 Eddy st. I
: ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
; positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
1 MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 43-45, Par-
rott bid?:.; Individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.mining.mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve. ; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
; ers is TARR. the expert. 220 Parrott bldg.
! A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only -$60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
ACTING — Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep.. $6 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandokin. guitar
lessons, 60c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class, 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S "DAT and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st, S. F.;
. founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free..
• ARITHMETIC," bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
; etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
I JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment Offlce— All kinds be*t
' help furnished. 439 Bush st. ;'tel. James 160L
JAPANESE Intelligence Offlce— Furnish most
! ' reliable help. 624 Bush et: tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411% O'Farrell st; tel. East 426.
• RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
• flee: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
; AN Eastern girl would like situation to do gen-
eral housework or second work preferred, in
an American family: wages $25. Call at Point
Lobos shoe store, 1228, bet. First and Second
aves.; take Geary-st. car. '¦
YOUNG German woman for house cleaning;
85c day; no postals answered without car-
fare. Address 9 Ritch St.. in rear, oft Fol-
som, between Third and Fourth.
' YOUNG German girl seeks position to do gen-
eral housework. Call at 1032 Pierce St., ln the
', rear.
' YOUNG lady desires position as saleslady; can
also keep books; main object, experience. 800
Van Ness ave.
1 GERMAN girl wishes to assist In light house-
work and care of children. Address Work,
box 4S07. Call. '_
' ELDERLY woman wishes situation to do
housework for small family; good references;
city or country. Box 4812, Call- office.
A GOOD woman wishes a situation as good
cook, or would do housework; willing and
1 obllgfaig. 1316% Natoma Bt. near 14th.
GERMAN lady would like a position to go out
nursing or housekeeper. Address box 4929. Call.
• DRESSMAKER, stylish and perfect fitter, de-
slres engagements ln families or at home;
; ladies' tailoring -a specialty. 711 Post st,
: near Jones.
• FASHIONABLE dressmaking of all kinds by
¦ the day; will go out of city. Address B. C,
• 136 McAllister st. y ¦ . ¦ :
COMPETENT, reliable woman- wants work by
: the dav. 937 Mission st.
1 LAUNDRESS wants work by the day; will
answer no postal cards. 743 Folsom st. . .
WANTED — By a competent Protestant woman,
: a position as housekeeper in hotel, flrst-class
1 lodging-house or private home; will assist
with sewing or take charge of doctor's of-
flce or. gentlemen's; club. . Box 4874, Call. |
YOUNG German woman wishes work ¦ by the
day, $1 50. '. 6 Marye Terrace, off 418 Turk st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. .
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
Valencia st. . -
EMPLOYMENT WANTED-p-MALE.
A YOUNG 'man, 24, with an honorable dis-
: charge from the U. S. Navy, "wishes situation
. - on board of a yacht or. a tugboat; is able to
. . perform quartermaster's duties; not afraid of
work. Address O. 8., Mariners' Church, cor.
'. Drumm and Sacramento sts., " v
. ' MARRIED man wishes position as salesman ln
: general merchandise store; country prefer-
red;, salary no object. Box. 2302. Call. Oak-
land. '
COMPETENT middle-aged German wants, sit-
uation in 'private place to care for "horses; is
: careful driver; city or country; small wages;
reference. Box 3, ; Call office. • .
'• ACTIVE young man of good address, 22: years
old, speaking English and German, wants po-
sition as salesman or stock clerk. Address
' box 4838, Call. \ ..
YOUNG man of business ability " wants | situa-
tion; 9 years' experience in general office
. ' work; am stenographer; best references. Box
4Si0w CalK
1 YOUNG man wants a -position In dry goods or
furnishing goods store; speaks : French • and
Spanish; experienced; good references. 1 Box
• 4815, Call. - . ' '¦_ ¦ . ¦¦^. V V-..
. WANTED— A position to take care of a' stock
ranch or orchard; best of references furnished
Address box. 4848, Call. s •
• WANTED— Position as ¦. carpenter ln country or
institution: can drive 4 or 6, horses. '¦ Address
• M. J. WALLACE, 510 Sixth st.iS. F. - ¦:-:- -
" TOUNG man (22), German, wisheX.-! to"-' learn
meat-cutting; has some/ experience already.
' Address box; 4905. Call., / . •¦¦-. .,--. %.
YOUNG man would like position as pantryman
or silver man In hotel, •. city or country, or
will accept anything. Box 4813. Call of flee."
EMPLOYMENT ..WANTED— MALE.. JJ
YOUNG,' sober, energetic wlnemaker. ¦< distiller
and . champagne winemaker, with, wide expe-
rience both here and' ln Europe, wants posi-
tion ; best references. : N.. - Call agency, . San
Jose, Cal. ".- ¦¦;¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦• •. •¦..-..- V : ,
A SITUATION wanted by experienced German
gardener; private place or nursery: city or
country; can milk; best of references. Ad-
dress Gardener, box 4824. Call offlce.
YOUNG man. 24, knowing several ' languages,
correspond, etc., . much • experienced, wants
-situation private" secretary: willing be useful
' any way; modest terms. Box 4979. Call offlce.
WANTED— By man and wife, "a position to take
care of ', small place in country: small . pay.
Call or address 226 Minna St.. lower flat
MARINE and stationary engineer wishes posi-
tion; best of references; country no objection/
Box 4355. Call offlce. _____
GROCERY clerk desires position in city; thor-
¦ oughly experienced. BAYNE, Winchester Ho-
tel. Third at
WANTED— Position ln shipchandlery and
commission business; nine years' experience.
Box 4934. Call offlc«. '"..':'
CHICKEN man, wide experience, ' most suc-
cessful, open for engagement. Address box
4976. Call offlce. '.'.'. . . ¦
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Et. . .
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER plllowo & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencla.tel.Capp 2682.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (lnc.)-^We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds;, companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main offlce, ,507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET. -
HOUSES^ r^LATTAND COTTAGES^
954 Eddy; u: f.. 9 r.. $651417 Jones; 1. f.'e r...$27
11C4 Ellis: m. f.. 8 r. 50f2302 Webster: c. 6 r.. 20
2414 Van Ness; m.f.8r 45 1211% Turk; u. f. 4 r. 11
1192 Ellis; u. f. 8 r.. 45I3872A 16th; 1. f. 2'r.. 7
A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st
GOLDEN GATE ' ave., 975, opposite Jefferson
square — New upper sunny modern flat; 6
rooms and bath.
SUNNY corner lower flat, 7 rooms, bath, laun-
dry; rent reasonable; perfect order. '1800
O'Farrell st. \
COLE, 769-771/ bet. Beulah and Frederick sts.—
Finerew sunny flats, 7 rooms and bath;
rent , reasonable. - ¦ ¦ . . .
ELEGANT new sunny upper flat, 10 rooms. 870
Eddy st.. near Van Ness ave.* ' '
MOSS, SO, bet. Howard and Folsom— Lower bay-
window flat of 5 large sunny rooms and yard.
MODERN flat of 3 sunny rooms at 945 San-
chez st. .'. .;».'¦( ,
7-ROOM flat and bath for sale or rent. 603%
Natoma st. near Sixth.
$12— SUNNY upper flat; 5 rooms. 33 Moss st,
off Howard; near Seventh.
TO let— A flat of 6 rooms and bath at 1937
Mason st. > /
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 rooms; ¦sunny; large
yard and cellar; rent $10; no children.
$16 — SIX rooms, bath, in good order, lower part
12 Guy place, off First, above Folsom.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1517— Parlor floor of 4
rooms; piano, bath; garden: nloe home; $25.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished ln oak, $48 60, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
Will furnish your house on monthly payments.
A. B.. Smith Furniture Co.. 128 & 132 Ellis.
FURNITURE WANTED. "
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp. 2 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse.. bought.
A, L. Storrs, 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A- WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove,. retailed at factory price;
warranted; kept ln repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT cTrI HANSEN & XX>.'S......1O4 Geary "st
i HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, free fare ..$30
•Waitresses, eame place $20
20 waitresses, city and country ..$20-$25
Chambermaid, country, see party here $20
".. FAMILY, DEPARTMENT
Choice place for cook and second, country,
$60, every convenience: another nice place,
second girl, Santa Cruz, party here, $25;
waitress, private family. $25; 12 housegirls.
country, fares paid; numerous other places.
C.-R. HANSEN & CO............ 104 Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
16 waitresses, country hotels, $20 and $25; S
waitresses, city, $20; 4 restaurant waitresses,
$6 and $7; 2 chambermaids to wait, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Woman cook, $30. no washing, choice place;
cook $25 and. second girl $20, Menlo Park; sec-
ond girl, 2 in family, $20; . nursegirl, 1 baby,
$20; cooks and housegirls, city and country,
best wages. . • . • . ¦ ¦ .
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st
"WANTED— Ranch cook, $30. fare paid, for Cor-
delia; houB&work, Alameda $30, Santa Rosa
$25, Oakland $30, San Jose $25; cook, small
hotel, $25. fare paid; second girl, $25, Menlo
Park, see lady at 10 a. m. ; 2 scullery maids,
$25; parlormaid and waitress. $30.. short dis-
tance; waitress and chambermaid. $20, same
place, country; second girl, $25, San Rafael;
fancy ironer, $30; laundress, $30; hotel. cook.
$35, San Mateo; a large number of housework
girls. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
MISS HORGAN'S.' 323 Sutter st.
8 cooks, city $30 and $35
4 cooks for the country .;... $30
B second girls, city $25 and $20
Invalid's nurse, German.. $25
10 housework girls ..$25
20 young girls to assist ..$12 to $20
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Cashier for night work; first-class restaurant
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HABRIS CO.. 641
Market st. " - -
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
guaranteed; good pay. ¦
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.,
¦ •¦ 841 Market Bt.
WOMEN and girls to work on" fruit; both
piece and day work ; steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING. CO.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. - Apnly at CUT-
TING BRANCH, California Fruit Canners'
Association.- corner Seventh and - Berry sts.
GIRL for general housework, : $20, and woman
to help , with baby and upstairs work (more
for home than wages); Protestant- preferred.
1905 Broadway. 'A -'.¦,¦:.
WANTED in restaurant ,725 Market st, young
lady with knowledge of shorthand .to do
. checking and bookkeeping; also to assist as
cashier; afternoon and evening work.
WANTED-^ Young 1 girl to assist in housework
and care : pf baby; small family; wages $10
per month. , Apply at 942A Capp st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light house-
work in exchange for a good home. Call
Friday at- 1318^ Scott st ¦ »
WANTED — German girl for light second work
and plain ironing and help with, children;
wages $20. Apply at 1817 California st. .
WANTED — Girl or elderly woman; take care- of
• baby, assist with light housework. 948 Fol-
som st. ¦. ; ¦'.. - . -' -. . - . ¦" rt
A LADY of indomitable- energy, ; possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ty. F.. PERSON, room 412. ; Parrott building.
GERMAN " or-' Swedish ... cook: small family;
good wages. Apply between 10 and 12 Thurs-
day, . 2109 Broadway. ; . ' . ' V .
GOOD, girl for- cooking and housework. . In-
• quire at 321 . Kearny st. or 24. Beulah.". ""
GIRL over 15; assist'light housework;: attend
• baby; sleep home. " 2240 . Bush st. : , ¦ :
GIRL to assist with housework; wages ' $12 to
. $15.- 1155 Valencia St. :..:. *
FIRST-CLASS cook .wanted ; , 3 in family; city
i references. Call between 1 and 4 at 1820 Clay.
SALESWOMAN : state age. wages desired.
-Box. 2, Call offlce. .:-...'¦:>.. ' •; . -
NEAT ' German girl • for upstairs work and
sewing; good. home. 605 Minna et »,. " / .
t WANTED— A girl or middle-aged woman" for
general housework. 1815- Sutter st. ' .- ;
•WANTED— Girl; • experienced ", spice packer.'
¦ Box 6,> Call offlce. - --; ¦;- „¦ •,</: ¦;. ¦¦.-.-" :.;
WANTED-; Young lady ; printing offlce ; whole-
. »sale firm; experienced preferred. Box 6." Call.
FINISHER ; on 'custom coata. 461 Jessie ; st. ' .
WANTEDr-Good .waist hands at i 1509 Leaven-
worth ° f
EXPERIENCED 1 girl '• for • counter '< work' and
- r . wait at table in bakery. 612 Kearny s.t. - "
HELP WAXTED— FEMALE— Cob. '
WANTED— First-class experienced millinery
saleslady ; Btate age, experience, where form-
erly employed and salary expected. ' Box 4842,
¦Call office.,.
GIRL for housework; no washing. 210A Four-
teenth -St. ;', -•
WANTED— A flrst-class waitress. £ 304 Mason
st. ; wages $8 per week. " -
TAILORESS; a pants finisher wanted. 5H
Kearny st. room 18, top floor. •
GIRL to assist in housework and cooking; no
washing; references. 1228 "Washington st
INTELLIGENT, trustworthy woman over 25,
- by wholesale house; no bookkeeping or steno-
.graphy. Box 4826, Call offlce. .
WANTED— Vest finishers. Apply factory S. N.
WOOD & CO., 27 Geary st. • ,
WANTED— Pants finishers; steady work; good
- pay. Call at SELIG BROS.. 108 Battery st.
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls. HEY-
NEMANN & CO., 410 Mission st.
YOUNG girl for. hair store; must have some
experience. 1508 Polk st •
WANTED— Girl to cook and do light houso-
work; apply between 10 and 11. 1453 Franklin.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; wages
$25. 838 Hayes st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock thls t evening.
EXPERT labelers wanted at the Glbbs-Wllson
packiug Co., 921 Bryant jst Apply at once.
REFINED lady with capital of $400 for offlce
business. Address box 3415, Call offlce.
WANTED — Good plain cook; some housework;
small family. Call bet. 2 and 4, 2627 California.
GIRL for eeneral housework: small family;
wages $20. Apply 19 Scott st
WANTED — A girl for upstairs work and as-
slst with children. Apply at 2409 Washington.
RELIABLE girl, light housework. 2084 Market
street. : ... - ¦
FINISHERS on pants. BELASCO & HARRIS
CO.. 541 Market st • .. -
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
- 1731 FolEom st -
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
• received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st ¦
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY. & READY....... Phone Main 6848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
Want 7 a. m. to-day
• ......" Special to-day..
A carload of laborers, Santa Fe system,
Stockton, Fresno and Bakersfleld and other
districts free fare
Fee 60c
50 teamsters, Uklah, $2 day....
50 laborers, Ukiah. $2 day...
25 steel, track and ballast men.... .....Uklah
Free fare Ship to-day
MINERS FIREMEN LABORERS
-2 miners, north, $75; 3 single-hand miners,
$60; 2 miners, south. $42 and fd. ; furnace
man. $65 and house; 2 laborers, no experi-
ence, for a eood mine, $37 50 and fd. ; 5
muckers, $2 50 day; 10 laborers, surface work,
mine, $40 to $48 and fd.; 5 quarrymen, 75c
fare, $60; 4 laborers for manufacturing, $30
and fd., steady Job, 75c farev 4 laborers, fac-
tory . work, $1 75 day; 25 tunnelmen, drill-
ers and laborers, north; brick molder, $40 to
.$50 and fd. .
..TO THE MILLS. YARDS AND WOODS..
10 more laborers, no experience necessary, any
willing men will suit, to work around mills,
yards and woods of a large lumber company,
$35 and found
5 teamsters, 2-horse, 50c fare $2 day
10 teamsters for mining districts.. $2, $2 25 day
4 teamsters, ¦ ditch work $32 50 and found
Ranch carpenter,.'. $35 to $40 and found
2 bricklayers ....' $5 day
. Carriage painter, country shop $3 day
FARMS...... DAIRIES STABLES
10 fruit pickers; $30 and found; 15 farm and
orchard hands, $26 and $30; 2 milkers, Mendo-
cino County; peach packer, $30 and found;
' handy man, vineyard wlnehouse, $25 and
found; buggy washer, country, $30 and found:
5 hostlers and stablemen, city, $50, $40 and
$30 and found; choreman and wife, $40; man
and wife, small ranch, $35. see boss hete; 60
' tlemakers and woodchoppers, 10c each, $1 75
cord. i
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. ETC
Second cook for a mine, $40 and found, fare
paid; second cook and 2 dishwashers, logging
camp. $50 and $30 and found; German -dish-
washer, $25; first and second baker, country
shop; chef cook, boat, $60; 7 cooks. 5 waiters,
. kitchen help, etc
Dry goods clerk, country merchandise store.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
Railroad Work Railroad Work
Free fare ....^.... Free fare
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters .$2 a day
¦ 100 laborers- ;.:......-.... $2 a day
: FOR NEVADA
25 teamsters $2 a day
25 laborers $2 a day
FOR TRUCKEE
25 mason's helpers $175 to $2
60 laborers $175
"... FOR CHATS WORTH PARK
100 drillers and headers $2 25 to $2 50
100 muckers and laborers $2
[ FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM .
50 laborers, section work $1 75
Free fare Ship daily Free fare
20 laborers for sawmills and woods. Placer
¦ county. $2 a day; 20 laborers, city, $2 a day;
2 milkers, $30; farmer and wife, $40; strong
man to drive delivery wagon. $12 a week....
HOTEL -DEPARTMENT :....
Hotel butcher, must be good carver. $70 to
$80; roast cook, hotel, $70; cook and helper,
country hotel, $70; meat cook. $50; baker, $40;
kitchen hand, $30, for an institution; meat
and ' pastry cook, country hotel, $60 ; haker
and pastry cook for hotel, Arizona, $50 to $55.
free fare; potwasher, $30; vegetableman, $30,
for an institution, country ; porter, country
hotel. $30; 10 waiters, city and country. $35,
$30, $25; butcher, country shop, $35; laundry-
man, country. $35 •
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ...... 104 Geary st
COOK ¦ for laboring men: 2 waiters for labor-
ers, $30. and found: Janitor, $35 and room;
lunch counter man, $30^and found; butler,
$40 and found; barkeeper, $10 week; silver-
man and knife cleaner, $15 and found; 3 hotel
waiters, country. $30 and $35 and found; walt-
- ers, city. $30 and found ; cook, small country
¦hotel, /' $30; dishwasher, country, $20 and
found, and other hotel and restaurant help.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st. ¦
RANCH caroenter. $35 and board: driver for
milk wagon. $40 and' board; 2 stablemen for
country, $30 and found; chore boy for gentle-
man's place, $10 and found; coachman and
gardener, $25 to $30; man about dace, $25;
gardener and wife for Southern Calif ornia i
$50: 4 -farmers and wives, $35, $40 and $43
and found: teamsters, $1 EO day and board
and $3 to $4 day, and many others. J.' K.
CROSETT- & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
69 Third at, near Call bldg.: phone Busn 405.
RAILROAD LABORERS.
UKIAH! * UKIAH!
FEE FARE."
' 50 R. R. laborers. .......Uklah $2 per day
' 60 axmen and teamsters.. Ukiah.. $2 25 per day
Free faro to Bakersfleld and Fresno divisions.
¦ 50 "hovelcrs for the Santa Fe. '
2 farm hands ?30 per month and found.
60 Italian laborers to top beets, $1 60 per day,
board themselves, free fare, long job.
Man to chop wood on ranch. $30 per mo. & f<l.
A — WASHER and starcher for country laundry.
$50. fare pal.l. MRS. M. E. DAY k CO.. 325
Geary ct. ;
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.'
-: Night watchman and fireman, $25; bell boys,
$12; storeroom man, $30.; colored waiter. $25.
MAN and wife for ranch, see party here Friday
morning; lanitor for hotel, $35.. MISS HOR-
GAN, 323 Sutter Bt
JOURNEYMF.N Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. '927 Market st, room 207,
I. LESS,* secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
COATMAKER, vestmaker and pantsmaker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. .& CO., 24 Sut-
ter St. . ." - ' •"¦ •-¦•.:.
GENTLEMAN of indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building., .
MARINE firemen, lumber stevedores, sailors;
non-union; no. offlce fees. Mechanics' Regis-
tration Bureau, 410 Kearny St., room: 24.. •;>:
WANTED — Active man; light, -enteel work:
. pay $15 to $18 per week; steady- place; must
have $150 cash. 765 Market St., room 3. ¦ -
DISHWASHER wanted at 9 Drumm st. ; no
•Sunday, work. ¦" . "
BARBER wanted ; steady work. . 108 Fourth st.
STRONG boy for candy store and factory. 22
Sixth st -x --.•:': '.-
"WANTED-r-Young man with small ' cash; $35
month. and found;, no experience. 496.4th st
YOUNG man to feed Universal and Job presses.
¦ 16 Fremont st " .
WANTED — Cooks, waiters, pantrymen, porters,
-dishwashers,- etc. ; no, fee. 127 Mason st. •
EXPERIENCED man to nail boxes; state
.-¦• where last : employed.- Box 4814. - Call offlce.
GOOD night ¦ man' dishwasher. '1201 Fillmore
St., : corner .Turk.. :.
WANTED-rSecond cook.: Tlvoll Coffee House*
.16 Eddy 'st. . ' . . ...¦¦¦*
BOOTBLACK wanted ln barber shop. 609 Lar-
'{kln ; st. • ,./ •-;-., ¦¦-.¦:¦. : .". -- ¦ - ¦:
WANTED-^-Porter; also extra waiter. Apply
19 Powell . st. r_ ¦:.'¦¦ ... .-.-•¦¦¦
FREE — 2 furnished rooms for taking care of 7;
man and wife. : 864% Mission st: .;. ¦
WANTED-^Shoe - lasters "and edge •-• setter.
WENTWORTH-SWITZER SHOE - CO., 26
.-Maln-st: -.:;.-. .-;-:. ¦•-.••-•¦ ¦'-¦¦. •.¦:-¦•",--
ALL" sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged,' half
. price. 563 Mission st, bet 1st and 2d sts.
HELP WAHTED—MAtB Cow.
1000 MEN 'wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen.
•laborers; steady , employment; good wages
Lumber Dealers' Association, 20U Examiner
WANTED— Bar porter. 20 to 23 years of agei
one who has had experience in drawing beer-
must be willing to make himself generally
useful; state where formerly employed. Ad-
dress box 4953, Call. - . .
BARBER shop, business center Oakland: run-
ning 3 chairs steady; fine fixtures: must sell;
serious sickness the cause. Apply to STOLTZ.
723 Market st.
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter st
GAS fixture makers wanted. A. MERLE COM-
PANY, 517-519 Mission at.
BOY wanted' for Jewelry store; state refer-
ences. Box 4S34, Call.
1000 MEN wanted — Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for. the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weavervllle. Trinity Co., CaL ; apply on
work ; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
1 . Co.. 26 Montgomery st.. room 25, San Fran*
cleco, Cal. ¦¦-,,¦.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, . unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
offlce. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
weeks: positions secured at $60 monthly;
special Inducements this month: write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
-that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Flrst-class salesman for domestic
department; state age, experience, salary ex-
pected. Address box 4370. Call office.
DRIVER for milk wagon. 816 Treat ave.
LADIES' tailor, first-class. J. McCLENEGAN.
532- Fourteenth St.. Oakland. ¦
WANTED— To buy good barber shop; country
preferred. Particulars, address box 4811.- Call.
FOR BALE— First-class hotel barber shop In
. mountain town. H. BERNARD. 104 7th st
McDONALD & PERRY have 600 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; EOc up. 241 Third st.
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply 232 Montgom-
'ery st
TWO flrst-cla?s cabinetmakers on wood man-
tels. MANQRUM & OTTER. 681 Market st.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
Folsom st
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 500 men to buyTiew and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmor* st
• HORSES AXD WACOrg.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
SECOND-HAND physician's coupe. rubber
tire phaeton, carts and business buggies.
O'BRIEN'S. Polk st. and Golden Gate ave.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore st. S. F.
HORSE and wagon: party going East; must
sell this week. 1240 Folsom st. •
FOR sale — Nearly new business; also leather
top light buggy.. 1453 Devisadero st.
SECOND-HAND milk wagon and buggy for
sale. NE. corner Stelner and Waller sts.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
A BARGAIN ln good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co. ; hi sells too cheap. 64 Eighth st
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
pacera. 721 Howard st. '
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap 533 Mission.
HOSPITALS.
MENTAL & nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass st. San Fran.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^FMNTED ~li»t "houses" to "let : send "~f op^cf £
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
LOCUST ave., 624. bet. Golden Gate and Mc-
Allister, nr. Laguna— 5 r.. bath, base., $16 50.
TO Let — House of 5 rooms; large yard. 2307
Polk st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
NICELY furnished; 6 rooms and bath; piano ;¦
large yard; 3 or 6 months; rent moderate.
Box 4S4L. Call offlce.
MARINE view corner: 12 R. complete. THE
MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
HOUSES TO LEASE.
HOUSE to lease and furniture for sale: well ap-
pointed furnishings: 10 rooms; rent $75 for
house, or will rent house furnished for 18
months. Box 4836, Call offlce.
HOUSES TO LEASE — FURNISHED.
HOUSE of 10 sunny rooms, elegantly furnished,
to rent for 1 year or lease for 2 or more
years; centrally located; $125 a month. Box
4835. Call offlce.
HOCSKS TO I*ET IX SAIt RAFAEL.
SAN RAFAEL cottage house, 6 rooms: finely
, furnished; modern conveniences; finest view;
convenient to depots; plenty . grounds; no
children. Address box 4803. Call.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST— Small white dogr with reddish yellow
spots; resembles small fox terrier; has curled
tail; no collar; last "Been- at Market-st ferry
depot. $5 reward at 3226 King st, Lorin.
LOST— Corner Jones and Geary, satchel con-
taining watch and chain. Return 610 Geary
st; reward.
LOST— White setter bitch; small black spots;
small round collar. Call 1725 Devisadero st;
receive liberal reward.
LOST— Going from foot Market st to Larkin,
on Sutter-st. car.' purse containing watch with
initials J. M. K. and sum of money; liberal
reward. H. C. KELLER. 210 Sansome st.
LOST — 2 gold rings, one horseshoe design and
one green stone setting with red spot ln cen-
ter; valued as a keepsake from a saint sister;
reward. Return to 2701 Sutter st. bakery.
$10 REWARD— Lost. Sunday, August 23. gold'
watch and fob; Royal No. 2147666: Inscribed
S. A. D. Finder return 1439 Sacramento «t.
LOST— Fraternity 'pin, N. Z. N.; liberal ' re-
ward. 771 Geary st.
LOST — St. Bernard dog, sable and white mark-
ings; name. Emperor. .16 Third. St.; reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Calif or-
v nia Watch Case Co..- 220 Sutter st, needs old
gold to make new watch cases.
», MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for latest list Mrs. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES APTD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st •
tel. Bush 421. — '
MEDICAL.:
DR. O'DONNELL- All who are sick and "in
trouble call and consult the" specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
. thousands; the unfortunate helped: relief in
all cases taken; the" most obstinate cases
have been relieved by . my treatments: free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
. treated ; relief to the longest cases. DR G
W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Market st. . . '
RETURNED ..... ...;.. .
MRS. DA VIES has returned from her "vaca.1
tion and will bn pleased to see her friends at
the old number,- 1228 Market at.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES* original
method of treatment : " maternity home : home
in confinement • 1126 Market St. S. . F.
DR. TALCOTT . & CO.— Practice conflned ta
. weaknesses and diseases of men ' only. 997
Market st. . corner Sixth: entire upper floor.
"MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dies . specialist: a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL ' removed from Market st to
410 O' Fan-ell st. between Taylor and Jones.
MRS. D. WYETH'S Maternity Home removed
• from Post to 410 O'Farrell st, near. Taylor.
MIXES AXD MINING.
RICH placer claim for sale; $1000. Address £>u
2200 nilmore st. /J
15 QUARTZ mines for sale, containing 10O
acres. Address S.; 22CO FiUmore st: .
JI15CKLLA.\t:uli> Kt)K SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc^
IMTOSH Sc WOLPMAN. 195-137 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new an1
second hand; we always have a large stock of
salcon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
pne floor, ready made; we can »hlp everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Jdisslcn st. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
Graphophones. Phonographs. Gramophones. $5 to
IJ^ %VZ t T n 1 ?i ch » d^n'» toy graphophone*
$1 50. 2d-hand Phonographs.Gramophonea very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A 7i?Ji Y K^n e " 3 or rents Bear - machinery, en-
ft? WHTTTPT Tw e V^-' » ba " in S. Pulleys.
etc. WH1TELAW. 253-255 Spear st
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals
1 2V4-H.P. Hercules: gasoline eng. 910 Kearn^
F^H?H le ~ C^ nP v ete steam P lant Jn nrst-ciass
condition. To be seen running at 23 Main st
Ar %T ED ~ Sampl * tlran ks: second-hand; good
gg.lw'W °- WIEDERO - fourth K and
A 7P 5 ? J DER [ P Y and Fedcra hats. $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pin£
'%&^a S %Ji5!&3r& Mon!gom M ery F £
F ?> R . re nt— New cigar store. Inquire 62*
Broadway, barber shop.
SEWING machine and stove and horse and
wagon; party gbmg East. 1240 Folsom st.
PARTY desires to sell furniture and carpets
of an elegant home. 834 Fulton st.
A LOT of oil tanks, all sizes and shapes
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st
MOVING Dicture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second-hand THE hfr
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento stf
DIAMONDS watches, jewelry: cash or install!
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FI b^n?r^u S g S h t 8e an a d sofd nd f^*5gjglg
11 ' "«*^
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold.
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission!
IN I 3 B a i3RK 1 g." e i^^ e a < ie n^ han<1 ™**-
FAIRBANKS" 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's iteel-
llned safe, perfect order. 216 California st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tnrea. BITLLARD & BRECK. 131 Prst Bt.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th st. : tel. Folsom 2523.
, MOXEY TO IQAJil
AA-MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY? "
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit City ant!
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests ln
real estate and legacies. "We will purchase any
S ?4^ bo 7S. securl tles. Tel. Red 6024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 8 PER CENT... '
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest ln real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st, room 3 .'^
MURPHY. 603 Examiner building-
$0,000,000 at 6% or less ln large sums- loans
¦ on second mortgages, estates, etc.: flnanctal
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 8 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates ln probate. Interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and minlne
Interests: corporation loans. R. 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low.
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 946 Market
st; tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st
RELIABLE corporation, established 1S63. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market: tel. Black 5471.
MUNICIPAL Loan Offlce. 103 Grant ave., near
• Geary at; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
Advances life Insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank books
in liquidation bought Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal: no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg:. 1 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. "W. J. HESTHAL, 19 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$25,000 IN trust to loan 'at 6 per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 397 Parrott building.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate: no brokerage;
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister at
MONEY loaned salaried people without «ecur-
lty. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 4H California,
ONE per cent on furniture: $5" a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery tt. r. L^
ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required. B..-
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no lndoraer; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome st. room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MOJTISY_ WAJtTEP.
WANTED— Money on good security at . fair
rate of Interest; no room for sharks. Box
4930. Call office.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ALIi pianos purchased of 8HERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month; some good pianos sold for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st. Oakland.
AT BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell it.
14.000 square feet of warehouse apace.
250 pianos and organs to select from.
New upright pianos from $155 up.
oecond-hand pianoa from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from $23 up. •
Agenta for Chlckering. Vose. Sterling pianos.
Apollo, king of pianists, plays every day.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
¦ sole agenta for famous and oldest American
makes. Including Halle t-Da vis; great bar-
gain list. $50 up; Stelnway, $1S3 up: Fischer. \
$100; Chicker ing. $165: 20 others, rents $2 up; fV-
great Inducements to agents. 217- Geary st. ...'
THE ZENO MAUVAIS Music Co.'s strike ha»
been a very successful one. and they hav»
succeeded in placing more pianos at the low
prices offered than their most sanguine ex-
pectations justified*- For the rest of the month
we -.will sell at 20 and 30 per cent discount
WE have had a good sale of Hazelton and
other high-grade pianos this week, but have
stock left: we now offer a fine stock of me-
dium-grade pianos very special; terms easy.
THE J. DEWING COMPANY, rooms 12 13
and 14. Flood bulldlnz.
¦ANY piano sold by us taken back any tima
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you «nly 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER £ CHASE. 30 O'Farrell
st.; established 1850.
PIANOS— Steck. Everett. Hardman. Packard.
Ludwig : and others; 20 different factories rep-
resented: wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market st (opp. Mason);
branch store. 951 Broadway. Oakland.
ATTENTION. PIANO BUYERS!
Sohmer. Byron Mauzy. Gabler. Lester. Ham-
ilton and Snielman pianos to be had new
only at BYRON MAUZY'9. 308. S10. 312 Post.
N T T^ D ~; F » our Kood »<iuare pianos. BYRON
MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st
STEINWAY $200; Hartman. $100; ele-rint new
Pianos. tlaO up. W. C. Hamilton. S Flood bldg.
$50— WEBER piano, cost $500. for sale on $S
Installments. C09 Qough st. near Geary.
GR w^T ar f a , ln ln nne u P rl *ht grand piano;
¦ owner must leave city. 804 Geary st
E £^ E ? ANT D lan ° a* good as new: standard
make: a sacrifice. Hornung's- 216 McAllister:
A qh«^ EFFE =' S v'^ Turk "t.. near Market-
Shonlnger. Schubert and Stelnway bargains. ,
A^. * uprights. PIERCE'*/
Piano Factory.. Market. 14th and Church StaT 7 -
L 5STi°V aIe * £ 5 man °S a ny case Fischer B»-
rlgjit piano. Room. 38. 217 Geary st •V SALINAS, Aug. ' 28.— Beet hauling com-,
menced In;- the,. Salinas Valley, yesterday
morning-. = The i large : sugar factory, will
begin • ellcing; beets and making ¦ sugar - on
September 4 and from reports the quantity
pf beets' grown: will ; keep the '; factory ' In
operation the i f u!l :* season— five - months.
Teams ' for 'hauling are - reported ; scarce.*" .
Beet. Hauling Commences.
NEW YORK— Arrived Aue 28 — Stmr Deutsch
land, from Hamburg, ¦ Southampton i and i Cher
bourg: stmr Graf Waldersee, "-;. from Hamburg,
Boulogne, and' Plymouth;' ' :'•¦"' •; > .;
. ST MICHAELS— Passed Aug . 28— Stmr Ho
henzollern, from Genoa, ¦ Naples and • Gibraltar,
for New York. . j "•>r. > -w**5m8£i>*»!f *m&es>- >: .
; HONGKONG— Sailed: Aug 28— Stmr Empress
of India, for .Vancouver, via Shanghai, Naga
saki and Yokohama, f - ¦ ¦-•--.
wick. -for Coos : Bay. : ":'. f
.. OCEAN STEAMERS.
LATE SHIPPOTG INTEIiLIGENCE
¦ DOMESTIC •"' PORT.'.--T '" -
BAN DIEGO— Sailed "Aug 28— Stmr" Bruns-
GRAND HOTEL.
Capt Bradman. U S M
I Alexander, Sacto
B Dunlap. Berkeley
T F Thwalts, S Jose
E F Jacobson. Colusa
E A Lynch. Mexico
J . Owens, Texas
C M Burkholter. Arts
F L Dungan. Eureka
F Rohner, Eureka
H B Norment, Va
C F Robinson. S Jose
B L Tro6t. Ferndale
W J Kelley. Sausalito
E W Murphy, L Ang
W T Maurice, L Ang
S H Halstead. Pasaden
C H Hamilton. Pasdna
W Loschner. N Y
C Schley. N Y V'
F Kohl. N Y
F Bittner. N Y
W K Fisher & w. Cal
F E Houshton. Boston
F H Newton. Boston
A O Brokaw. Cal -.
H B Augen, Portland
F H Oilman & w. Minn
F D Jeffries. S Diego
L L Orcutt. San Jose
J W Dolph, Portland
G S Curley, St Paul ¦
S J Harkness, Scofleld
C H Palmtas. Salinas
C H Rowell, Fresno
J W Robinson. Boise
G W Smith. Courtland
J W Fisher. Stockton
J E Harper. Reno
E W Wickey. Chicago
Mrs A E White. Stktn
C Martan, U B X
H O Perley, .V 8 M
0 K Hunter. U S N
A Musto. Stockton
•S Hust. Vallejo .
•W L. Capps, IlUnoJ»
H I> Blasland,. Ill
1 Solomon. Nevada
J W Treat. Nevada
F P Bendell. Cleveland
C E Glbba. Kan City
A Osier. N Y
M V Skofstad. I. An«
A E Skofstad. L Ang
Mrs J Raleigh. Eden V
C A Hall. Monterey
R T Nlckerson, Sonom
W E Newton & w. Chg
J W Glenn, Stockton
R M Beede & w, Cal
J H CHara, Mare Isl
E S Llppltt, Petaruma
C Campbell & w. Aria
H C Bundy. Cal
HE Morrow.Mass
F. O Atherton. Seattla
J Kasper. Cal
PALACE HOTEL. . I
P Masson, San Jose
W J Wagner, Berkely
J Wertheimer & w, NY
H H Mooers, Los Ang
Mrs E Wilson. L Ang
Mrs R B Young. L Ang
Miss M Young. L Ang
F-W Young. Los Ang
F C Maddock & w,
England -
F E Gibbons, Los Acs
B F Watklns. NY,
C E Waite. StanforB
D S Cone & w. Cal
L Seeley. Stanford
W D Tyler, ' N Y
A E Livingston. L Ang
E N Hale. Sacto
Mrs I Woodward, Cal
J C Mulr. Stanford
Mrs J E Dockstader.
. ' San Jose .
F,D Cobb &w. Stkton
J H T Hull & w. Iowa
H M Storey. Bakersfid
A E KnowlM, U S A
E W Packard, N T
J R Chase, . San Jose
C P Braslan. San Jose
E Thomas & w. Cal
E Wetmore & w.' N T
T L Smith & w, U S A
R H Herron,' Los Ang
W W Welsh. Stockton
Miss M W Flagg. N Y
H H Flagg. N Y i
AF, Easton & w; P»
O B Lyman, Reno
E D Lyman. Reno
HOTEL - AHHIVAXS.
- BuUders' Contracts.
Julia A, Holm (o^Tier) -with Petterson A
Persson (contractors), architect E. ¦ J. Vogel —
All work for a two-story attic and basement
frame building on W line of Scott street, 30 N
of Grove. N 27:6 by W 110; $5433.
- Amelia Harris (owner) with S. B. Kress
(contractor and architect) — All- alterations and
additions to make a two-story frame building
(2 flats) on E lino of Webster street, 100 N of
Union, E 137:8 by N 23; $2125.
Henry Kohler (owner) with William Horst
meyer & Co. (contractors), architect .
All work for a two-story frame building with
concrete foundations (2 flats) on N line of
Lombard street. 183 S of Jones. E 24:6 by N'
137:6; $6025.
. Alameda County. < ¦¦¦..•
¦ Germania Building and Loan Association to
Emil Planer, lot on SE corner of Twenty-sixth
and Linden streets, S 83:4 by E 100. portion of
block K (639). map of survey of N extension" of
Oakland, -Oakland; $1250. .'•-" "•••.-. ,
Don F. and Mrs. Lizzie Miller to -Louis A.
"Bridget Enright (Linn) (by B. P. Oliver, com
missioner) to Hibernla Savings and Loan' So
ciety, lot on N line of Union street, 60 W of
Hyde, W 20 by N 60; $1207. - .
Mary Bolger to K. Abrams. lot on NE line
of Folsom avenue, 225 SE . of Folsom etreet,
SE 25 by NE 62:6: $10. <.
Orville F. and Ella P. Reed to Louisa Reed,
lot on E line of Fourth avenue. 225 N of Point
Lobos avenue. N 25 .by E 120; gift. :**ft*T**; •
John R. and Prudle D. Phelps to J. A.
Stephens. - same; $5. . - .
Louisa Reed and J. A. Stephens to Ellert
Waden. same; $10.
Hibernla Savings and Loan Society to John
McGrath. lot on'W line of Fifth avenue, 225
N of D street, N 25 by W*120; $1000.
Sydney Espey ¦ to James ; T. Bradley, lot on
E line of Forty-eighth avenue, 250 S of T street,'
S 50 by E 120; $10. i
C C Dunphy (by Thomas O'Brltn^Tax Col
lector) to James E. I Damon; lot ¦ on "E line of
Twenty-ninth avenue, 175 . S of . U street, S 23
by E 120; $1 17. -
S. M. Dixon (by same) to same, lot ; on E
line of Thirtieth avenue, 25 Si of U etreet, S
25 by.E 120;. $1 17. ,-¦ ¦¦- . •
'-¦ James E. ¦ and Amelia S. Damon to Mary E.
Thomas, lot on . E Una of Twenty-ninth avenue
175 S . of U • street. -8 25 by E 120 ; alao lot on
E line of Thirtieth avenue, 25 S of U street,
S 25 by E 120; $1. .:*»' ",
1 P. 'J. ' Thomas ¦ to < E., B. - Thomas, lot on • E
lino I of i Thirtieth avenue, • 60 S • of U street, S
50 by E 120; $L ¦
;. Charles B. . Bishop to Frederick and Bertha
Roloft.,lot on NE line of Twentieth avenue, 225
SE of L street. ¦ SB 75 by NE 100, block 387.
South San Francisco Homestead and ; Railroad
Association; $10. ¦ ,' -. *
Louis A. Lux to Mary E. Lux, lot on W
line of Powell Btreet. 137:6 S of Bush S 25
by W 77:6. quitclaim deed; $10.
San Francisco Lumber Company to Fredar
ick S. and Florence E. Lafferty, lot on N line
of Elizabeth street, 150 W. of ¦ Douglass, W 25
by N 114; $ip. . •
Harriet E. Turnbull to J. E. Caxne, lot on
W line of Montgomery street. 37:6 N of Fil
bert.'N 25 by WS7:6: $10.
Estate of Rachael Abrams. minor (by Cali
fornia Title Insurance and Trust - Company
guardian) to Mary Funk, lot on E line of
Shotwell street, 156:6 N of Twenty-fourth, N
22:3 by. E 122:6; $2600. ' ,
John Funk to same, same; grift.
William*J. and Mary Beecher. Rebecca Dono
hue, John and Margretta W. Prttchard, Emily
S., John W., James E. and Harry K. Williams
Jeanetta H. Oberlander and Helen M. Wil
liams (by John M. Klein, attorney) to Olive
Verkouteren, lot ¦ on NW corner of Duncan
street and San Jose avenue, W. 64:4, .JTW
4S:ll 1 / 4, SE 6S:3, SW 26:9H; $10.
Francis Conn to Eliza Conn, lot on E • line
of Hampshire street, 250 N of -Twenty-fourth,
N 25 by E 100; also lot on E line of Harrison
street, 76 N of Twenty-sixth, N 25, by E 100*
gift. ¦ .-
City and County of San Francisco to. A. P.
Hotaling & Co. (corporation), lot on NTV cor
ner of Guerrero and Dorland. streets. N • S3 by
W - 80; "I—.-" . ' *
Samuel ,R. Crooks vs. Jonathan. J. Crooks
et-al. (by J. T. Harmes, Gustave H. Umbsen
and Peter J. Sullivan, referees) to Oliver B.
Martin, lot' on SE corner of Fifteenth street
and Julian avenue, E S4 by S 155; .$8000.
Same to same, lot on E ¦ line of Portola.
street, • 116 S of Waller. S 25 by E 90 lot 9
block 1, same; $10. . . .
German Savings and Loan Society to George
H. Moore and C. H. Olinger, lot on W line
of Portola street. 90 S of Waller, S 26 by W
90, lot 25. block 2, Marion Tract; also lot on
E line of Portola street, 166 S of Waller, 8 25.
E 90. N 11, W 8:9, N 14, W 81:3, lot II. block
t Marlon Tract (hospital" lot) ; $10.
Isaac P. and Adaline M. Eppinger (Schimpf)
to Esther. Sarah and Kate Relnstein. same- $10.
John T. and Mary V. Sullivan to Kathrjm S.
Marsh, lot on S W .corner of Sacramento and
Baker streets. S 25 by W 106:3; $10.
David and Annie L. McLaughlin to Nicho
las W. Muller. lot on NW corner of Page and
Scott streets, N 27 by W 106:3; $10.
Henry % and Clara Brunner to Adaline M.
Epplnger, lot on N line of Clay street, 29 w
of Broderick, W 27:3 by N 105 (quitclaim deed)
$10.,
Estate of Catherine Larkin (by Edward 2*.
Hock and Michael Larkin. executors) to Charles
M. Myrick. lot on S line of Bush street. 110 W
of Polk, W 55 by S 120; $13,000.
Estate of Simon Slegel (by Harry "Nathan
and J. Siegel. executors) to E. C. Priber lot
on SW corner of Sutter and Pierce streets S
87:6 by W 87:6; J19.50O.
HEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS;
Miss Henderson was .42 years old.
Francis, who was 22 years old and who had
¦worked on the farm, for five years, was
trusted implicitly. He ! was undersized,
and as he nad been to. the city but a few
times in his life, was considered un
sophisticated.
Miller (son), lot on B line of Eleventh street.
850 N of Powell, N 50 by E 100. block 23. prop
erty of L. M. Beaudry and G. Peladeau. Oak
land: gift.
John Bakewell to Halven EUIngson. lot on
N line of Thirtieth street. 700 E of Grove. E
50 by N 140, portion of block 2035, Rowland
Tract. Oakland; $1200.: . . ;
E. C. Sessions to, Frank G. Drum, lot on S
line of Fourteenth avenue. 25S SW of East
Twelfth street, thence SW to ship channel, E
360, etc., N to right of way of Western Pacific
Railroad, thence W to beginning, Oakland; $10.
Daniel Middlestorb to Gesine Middlestorb
(wife), E 37:6 feet of lot 6.' block R. Paradise
Park Tract, Oakland; gift.
¦William H. Carothers to Wilbur E. and Wel
come R. Carothers, all interest, in lot begin
ning at stake in N line of East Fifteenth
street. 150.23 E of NE corner of Twenty-third
avenue. SE 50 by NE 150. lot 9. Cannon. Tract.
East Oakland (quitclaim deed); $1.
John F. Taylor to Emma J. Foster, undivided
half interest in 20 acres of 52.33 ceres described
as follows: Beginning at granite monument at
quarter section corner on lice between sec
tions 23 and 23,_Townshlp 2 S, R 3 W. thence
N 4.72 chains. NW 1.47 chains, NW 3.30 chains.
NW 6 chains, NW 2 chains, NW 5.40 chains.
NW 3.64 chains, S 3.47 chains, w 20 chains,
S 20 chains. E 30 chains to beginning, lots U
to 16. Section 29. Township 2 S, R 3 W. map 2.
salt marsh and tide lands, Brooklyn Town
ship; gift.
A. G. and Anna E. Schoomnaker to w. H.
Fraser, all interest in lot on E line of Regent
street. 33:4 S of Calhoun. S 41:4 by E 131:7.
portion of lots 4 and 5, Boulevard Tract. Ala
meda (quitclaim deed); $20.
E. L. and Edith L. Fitzgerald to Mary Mc-
Auley (wife of Adam) lot beginning at a point
in center of Temescal Creek, 165 N of Forty
eighth street, thence up the center of said
creek 60, thence E • to W line of Shattuck
street, S 60 and W to beginning, portion or
block 2121, Alden Tract at Temescal, Oakland:
also lot on W line of Shattuck street at inter
section line dividing lots 5 and 6. thence W
122. S 25. E 131. N 26, portion of block 2121.
same (subject to deed of trust for $1400) ; $10.
Valentine Klphen to Ann E. Kiphen. lot at
intersection of W^ line of California and Ne
vada Railroad with N line of Felton street. W
40 by N 134, portion block C, amended map
Crawford Tract. .Oakland; $10. ,
Andrew and Jane C. Jones to Catherine H.
Graham, lot on NE line of Fourth avenue, 550
NW of Elmhurst avenue,- thence along said
line of Fourth avenue 106.4.77. NE 655:6^4 from
NW line of Elmhurst avenue. SE 103:6^4. SW
125. to beginning, portion block I* map Andrew-
Jones subdivision, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Catherine H. .Graham to .Osmer N. Clark,
same. Brooklyn Township; $1*.
When the Hyatts returned at 7 o'clock
they found Mis3 Henderson lying in the
yard in a pool of her own blood and unr
conscious from a bullet wound in the
head. She had been assaulted and shot.
The bullet had entered the back of her
hea«i and came out at the forehead. She
was revived enough to say that "Bossie"
had entered the house about 6 o'clock and
grabbing her by the neck from behind, be
gan to choke her. She had jumped out of
the open window to escape, had been fol
lowed by the negro and shot.
The murder of Miss Henderson was one
of the most cold-blooded ever perpetrated
in Johnson County. The fact that it oc
curred in the country made its commis
sion easier and escape of the murderer
simpler. Miss Henderson was the twin
sister of Mrs. W. C. Hyatt and lived at
the home of Mr. and Mrs. Hyatt, a few
miles 1 out of Columbus, which is oft the
railroad and forty miles south of Kansas
City. Hyatt, who la a well-known Here
ford breeder and formerly was a promi
nent Populist politician, and his wife had
left Miss Henderson alone in the after
noon while they went to the cemetery
near the town to superintend the building
of a monument. Miss Henderson and
"Bossie" Francis, the negro, were the
oi>ly persons on the premises.
Bud Francis, brother of the murderer,
took to the woods after the discovery of
the crime. He was seen to-day near Cen
terview and when caught will be strung
up, members of the posse say. and com
pelled to tell what he knows of his
brother's whereabouts. Members of a
negro family named Briscoe, living near
the Hyatt farm, are believed to know
something of the murderer's flight and
pressure will be applied to make them tell.
When the men of the family were ques
tioned to-day Mrs. Briscoe told them to
say nothing. It is believed Francis passed
the Briscoe place after the murder.
KANSAS CITY, Aug. 2S.— "Bossie"
Francis, the negro who assaulted and
murdered Miss Mary Henderson at Co
lumbus, Mo., last night, has not yet been
captured, 1 but four or five hundred men •
are to-night scouring the woods in the
vicinity of the scene of the crime and it is f
stated that Francis cannot escape. It is
not known whether he fled on horseback
or on foot, but the pursuit wa3 begun so
soon after the discovery of the crime that
every outlet from the country was closed
promptly.
Francis had ! always lived about Colum
bus, knows every. foot of territory there
abouts and is more likely to hide In the
brush than to flee to a strange district.
The vines and weeds along the creek beds
are very tall and tangled and afford good
shelter. The volunteers will hunt all
night and will be relieved by others to
morrow. Bloodhounds were sought last
night but -were not obtainable while the -
trail was fresh. Dogs are now on the
trail. Francis will undoubtedly be lynched '
if caught. -
Edgar May, a clerk in the office of the
judge advocate general, has been detailed
to assist Judge Advocate General Lemly
in the preparation and handling of papers
beforejthe court. Although not an assist
ant to Judge Advocate General Lemly in
a technical sense, he will actually act in
that capacity so far as the handling of th3
official papers required by the- judge ad
vocate in the formal presentation of .hi3
case. •
Hannum (retired) was chief engineer" of
the Brooklyn. Commander Potter was the
executive officer of the- New York, "Waln
wrlght was In command of the Gloucester,
Eaton of the Resolute, Mason, executive
ofFcer of the Brooklyn; Schroeder, execu
tive officer of the Massachusetts; Harber,
executive officer of the Texas; Miller, com
mander of the Merrlmac; Hillner, navi
gator of the Texas, and Bates, chief en
giner or the Texas. Lieutenant Staun
f.on was -Sampson's chief of staff aboard
the New York; Usher was commander of
the Ericcson; Grant was aboard the
Massachusetts; Hodgson was navigating
officer of the Brooklyn; Southerland was
in command of the Eagle; Schuetz was
aboard the Iowa; " Potts, aboard the
Massachusetts, and Sharp was in com
mand of the Vixen. Captain Dawson was
commander of the marines aboard the In
diana. Lieutenant Marsh was on Samp
son's staff; Wood was commander of the
torpedo boat Dupont; Blue was aboard the
Vixen; Doyle and Webster were on the
Brooklyn: Hood was In command of the
Hawk; Harlow was executive officer of
ihe- Vixen; Dyson was engineer of the
Texas, and McAlpine, ¦ assistant engineer
of the Brooklyn. - Lieutenant Bennett was
on Sampson's staff. Ensign Austin' was
aboard the - New York and Boatswain
O'Ccnnell and Quartermaster •Anderson
were on the Brooklyn. •
The list of court witnesses to be called
by the judge advocate throws considerable
light upon the lines of testimony^ which he
will seek to adduce before the court. Ad
miral Sampson, as commander-in-chief of
the fleet, of course, heads the list. Then
follow the captains of all the ships en
gaged in the Santiago campaign, with the
exception of Captain Clarke of the Ore
gon and Captain Phillip of th,e Texas, the
latter having died since the war. Evans
was in command of the Iowa, Higginson
of the Massachusetts, Cotton of the Har
vard, Taylor of the Indiana, Chadwick of
the New York, Goodrich of the Newark
and the scout St. Louis, SIgsbee of the St.
Paul, Cooke of the Brooklyn, McCalla of
the .Marblehead, . Jewell of the scout
Minneapolis, Folger of the New. Orleans
and Barry of the Castine. •
WASHINGTON. Aug. 28.— The list of
witnesses prepared ~ by Captain Lemly,
Judge' advocate of the Schley court of In
quiry, and transmitted to Admiral Schley
yesterday, was made public by Captain
Lemry to-day. It does not purport to be
a complete list, but Includes the principal
witnesses who will be called by the judge
advocate. The witnesses whom Admiral
Schley had asked to be summoned are
not Included In the list. The list is as fol
lows:
Rear admirals— William T. Sampson, Robley
D. Evans. Francis J. Hlgglnson, Charles S.
Cotton, Henry C. Taylor.
Captains— French K.Chadwick. Caspar F.
Goodrich. Charles D. Sigsbee. William C. Wise,
Francis A.. Cooke. John H. McCalla. Theodore
F. Jewell, William M. Folger, Robert M. Berry,
John L.' Hannum, retired.
Commanders— William P. Potter, Richard
Walnwrlght, Joseph G. Eaton, Newton E. Ma
son, .Seaton Schroeder, Giles B. Harber. James
M. Miller, Lewis C. Heilner, Alexander B.
Bates.
Lieutenant" commanders— Sidney A. Staunton,
Nathaniel R. Usher, Albert W. Grant. Albion
C. Hodgson. William H. H. Southerland, Wil
liam H. Schuetz. Templln M. Potts, Alexander
Sharp Jr. .
Lieutenants— Charles C. . Marsh, Spencer S.
Wood. Victor Blue, James G. Doyle, Charles
Webster, John Hood. Charles H. Harlow,
Charles W, Dyson. Kenneth McAlpine.
Captain WiUlm C. Dawson, U. S. M. C.
Lieutenant, Junior grade— Erne6t L. Bernett.
Ensign — Henry G. Austin. t
Acting boatswain — Dennis J. O'Connell:.
Chief. Quartermaster— Nellson Anderson and
others. ,
Judge Advocate Lemly Pre
pares a List of Those
Needed.
Missourians Threaten to
Lynch the - Assailant
-of a Woman.
Many Witnesses Will
Appear atthe Schley
Inquiry. : ;;
Dogs and Hundreds of
Angry Men Hunt
for Murderer.
HOUNDS SEEK
NEGRO'S TRAIL
NAVAL OFFICERS
TO BE SUMMONED
T^-SAN FRAJSOISCO C^
11
OCEAN TRAVEL.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
REAL ESTATE. \
BARGAIN ln S-room house, with I all modern
Improvements: corner Iot'in desirable location;
owner sells owing to removal south. J. H.
LOGIE. 713 Market st. San Francisco. v : V
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GREAT sale of cheap lots; J150 to J30O; choice
locations.
Fine houses for Bale or rent.
E. D. JUDD & CO.. 1424 Park st. Alameda.
BARGAINS; Improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure: M cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$:400-^7-ROOM COTTAGE.
All modern conveniences; built by owner
for home at a cost of $3500; owner's business
in Los Angeles; no use for the property; has
instructed us to sell at best offer obtained. '
J. S. MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
£750— AN IDEAL 6-ROOM COTTAGE.
A sightly elevation on Vernon Heights, ad-
joining Senator Perkins': it ls a beauty; must
be sold; lot 50- feet frontage; everything ln
perfect order, in fact, almost brand new; no
reserve on this; first come, first served.
J. S. MYERS & CO.;
1003 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
REAL SNAPS.
Call and See These Fine New Houses.
$3250 — Xew home of 7 rooms, bath and laundry:
lust completed: close In town.
J4000— New house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
EOld; fine location.
$4500 — New house. 8 rooms and bath; on a fine
residence street.
Also a number of new homes ln course of con-
struction. \
A. J. ENYDER, v
¦ 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
JI58 CASH. IS monthly; lot 43 40-100x403 feet;
grand chicken run; 3-room cottage, chicken
house. . sheds and all fenced; fine well of Al
water;' large row of shade trees; near electric
car line and_90-foot boulevard and S-story pub-
lic-grammar school; soil, climate and view the
¦ very best; no fegs nor cold winds here: price
all told $675. Call or send for circular. 435 7th
S st, opposite Broadway station, Oakland; car-
. riage free* 'H. Z. JONES, owner.
$1800— IN Piedmont; modern Eastlake cottage
of 5 large. rooms; 2 bay-windows, bath, laun-
dry, high basement; lot 50x110: sunny side;
elevated ground; choice location: right near
the cars: will be sold on monthly payments
if desired. . '
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive agents for this property,
100S Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FUUMTCRE FOR SALI3.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland. '
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. T
FIFTH, - 34S-7SUU6 rooms, furnished for house-
keeping : rent cheap. - 1 "
FIFTH. 353 — Furnished housekeeping, three,
$12; three, $20; three, $14; also single, $5.
FOLSOM, 834— Large sunny bay-window room
and kitchen; bath; even-thing private. $3 . wk.
FOURTH. 437 1 i— Four furnished housekeeping
rooms; top floor. < ."_
HARRISON, 731—3 rooms furnished complete
for housekeeping; yard; $13.
HOWARD. 2381—2 or 4 sunny well fur. rooms;
$11 to couple; coal stove; fold, bed ; storeroom.
HYDE. 40S— Sunny front basement suite; 2 or
3 rooms: gas stove; laundry; yard; $17.
JOHN. 4%.- off Powell, nr. Pacific— Four fur-
nished housekeeping rooms, cheap.
MISSION. 2503U_Furnished front room for
light housekeeping; gas stove. • -
POLK, 1002 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
POLK, 1620—3 sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms; bath and laundry. V
.THIRD.. 3SS — Furnished rooms, suitable for
housekeeping.
TURK. 123— Very fine euite housekeeping; also
others; newly furnished; private home.
TURK, SOB — Three nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping; gas and bath.
TURK, 825^Solar flats; fine; new;' Chicago
style: 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
¦unfum. and furnished; electricity; janitor.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscription::
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Infnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, S21 Gunt ave.— Best *1 a |
day family hotel in city; polite attendance; I
larga rooms. Me, up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 - Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night: $1 25 to $3 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
ARGYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny:
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle ; take McAlllster-st. cars.
AT Shasta House, 24S Third— MO rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 7Ec, fl to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms, $1 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells;
first-class ; quiet; central.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur- 1
niEhed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 912 — A few rooms In an elegant private
home, in excess of needs of present occu-
pants, can be rented by refined and unex-
ceptionable married couples or gentlemen;
house modern; all conveniences; hot and cold
water at nil hours; furnishings best procur-
able; location convenient to business; only
parties who appreciate a refined environment
need apply; to such rates will be reasonable.
CALIFORNIA. 718— Nicely furnithed rooms;
sunny and clean. • .
• CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 321— Thoroughly reubvated; 100 sunny
rooms; 25c night; $1 25 week. -
FIFTH. 107 — Eunny pleasant unfurnished rooms
to let.
FIFTH, 119, second flat— Single and double
rooms from $7. •
GEARY, 405. The Navarre — Elegantly furnished
spites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY, 1137, bet. Van Ness and Franklin— New-
ly furn. rms., en suite or single; bath, phone. ,
HARRISON. 784%. near Fourth— Finely fur-
Blshed rooms; baths; all conveniences;
homelike; $1 up.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
st., near Market — Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best ln the city; references; '
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk et.
HOWARD, 761 1 ,*— Nicely furnished sunny room
suitable man and wife; others; reasonable. ¦
JONES, 947 — Sunny parlors. Just newly and
elegantly furnished; modern; private; reas.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, S2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARKET. 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms; for
transient; for travelers; baths.
MARKET. 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references.
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
MASON. 107— Nicely furnished rooms, , en suite
or single; II 50 per -week up. <
MINNA, 434— Single sunny furnished front
room, |4.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient. "
NATOMA, 2S4, near Fourth— 2 sunny furnished
housekeeping rooms; water, sink, closets.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Geary— Furnished bay-
window; sun all day; double bed; $10.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 332 — Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms, en suite and single; $10 up; bath; ref.
O'FARRELL. 691— One nicely furnished front
room in private family; reasonable.
ROYAL House, 156 Ellis— Incandescent light;
readtng-room, emoklng-room and "ladies' par~
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $150; week, $2 .to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold w»ter; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH. 310 — Furnished rooms to let.'- - <
STOCKTON, 332— Nice . sunny clean suites and
single rms/; run, water;. baths; phone; cheap.
SUM NER. 10. oft Howard, near EiKhthr-4
rooms to let; rent $9. Apply 430 Vallejo St..
THE' BERLIN. 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
• single rooms; running water; transient. - '
THE CECILENE, S30 Van Ness ave. : ,.' ••/• '.
•Bachelors' "apartments; . elegantly furnished;
all 'sunny rooms; references.
From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
Southwark Sept. 4 Zeeland ........Sept 25
Vaderland .Sept. 11 Frlesland Oct. 2
Kensington Sept. 18 Southwark ..'....Oct. 9
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbbund.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
Stopping at Cherbourg, . westbound. '¦
From New -York ; Wednesdays, at 10 a. ' m.'
Bt. Louis....... Sept. 4 St. Louis Sept. 25
Philadelphia ..Sept. 11 Philadelphia ...Oct. 2
St Paul. fiept. 18 St. Paul ...Oct. 9
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TORS, SOUTHAMPTON, LONDON. FABI8.
¦; ROOMS AND BOARD.
BEAUTIFUL", sunny, parlox^' and first-class
board for two; $55 per mo. 938 Geary st. ,
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
tly hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
McALLISTER. S4S— Large alcove single rooms,
suitable for, 2 or 3 persons; fine table board.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. .
VAN NESS, . 519— Handsome furnished . parlors,
all conv., sunny-suites; best table board. :
THE Crocker. 915 Leaven worth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite: beautiful grounds.
ROOaiS WANTED. .
TWO good sunny rooms,' unfurnished, light
'housekeeping; rent' $5 to $8; near Third and
Mission sts. Box 4828, Call office. . ¦
WANTED— 2 or 3 rooms and kitchen; north of
Market; $4 or $5 mo. Add, box 4806. Call.
BY September I, - five furnished housekeeping
rooms; adults: state rent. Box 4966. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Bt.', rooms 9-10. tel. 5580.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
_ tor; trial free; send for circular." 935 Mkt.. r. S.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWIXH aiACHIKKS . AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
palrlng: lowest rates;phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
SLOT MACHINES.
TWO roulettes, only $73 each, cost $250. 1167
Market, bet. 7th and Sth; other machines.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mis-
sion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
. pany.»2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
v TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS^N^TYpiEWRTTERS^We
sell better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, 110 Montg'y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; anti-trust;
all makes; used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
TO LEASE.
TO lease at low rent— A first-rate "chance for
» restaurant in a downtown business loca-
tion; store, which can be fitted Into a res-
taurant, and ' basement, or 3 stories and
basement. By JOHN PFORR, 403 Pine St.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
NOTICE TO CREDITORS— In the matter of
the estate of EDWARD HARMON SHEL-
DON, deceased:
Notice Is hereby given to the creditors of,
and all persons having claims against the' above
named deceased, to present them within , ten
<10) months after the date of this notice to the
County Clerk of the city and county of San
Francisco, State* of California, at his offlce in
the city and county of San Francisco.
Dated August 12. 1901. WM. A DEANE
Clerk. By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy .Clerk.
MAEEIAGE LIciENSES.
The following . marriage licenses were Issued -
Herbert F. Alexander, 27, 316 Bartlett street,
and Susan E. McKenzie, 20, 647 Howard street.
John C. Seebeck, 28, 234 Harriet 6treet, and
An ,", 1 f,, E - Walker - ". 817i,4 Filbert street.
William S. Withers, 35. Honolulu, and Lot-
tie F. Haverside, • 21, city.
Charles A. Oliva, 21, 1914H Powell street, and
Annie M. Gambruno, 18. 1914H Powell street.
Daniel W. Wurtsbaugh. 28, city, and Mabel
Foster, 23, city.
Czar J. Bradner, 26, 363 Geary street, and
Annie Barnes, 26, Los Aneeles.
John H. Gibbon. 30, Philadelphia, and Mar-.
Jorie G. Younjr, 29, Black Point. ' <-""¦
Victor E. Mathews, 21, 927 Jones street, and
Anna P. WOnwright. 18. 1411 Jackson street.
John J. Valentine. 31, 24 Yerba Buena street,
and Maggie Mullarkey, 23, 256V4 Harriet street.
BIRTHS-MARRMES-DEAm
Birth." marriage " and death notices sent ' by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either ot the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of -per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
McCORMICK— In Sacramento, August 25. 1901,
to the wife of W. C. McCormlck, a son.
MILLER— In this city. August 26, 1301, to the
wife of George F. Miller, a son.
MARRIED. '
ALEXANDER— McKENZIE— In this city Au-
gust 28, 1901, at the Central Methodist Epis-
copal Church, by the Rev.'S. D. Hutslnpiller,
Herbert F. Alexander and Susan Elizabeth
McKenzie, both of San Francisco.
CALHOUN— ANDREWS— In this city, August
21. 1901. by the Rev. Philip Coombe," James
E. Calhoun of Mojave and Ida M. Andrews
Of San Francisco.
CONNERS — PETERSEN-STUCKE — In" this
city. August 27. 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuen-
deling, William R. Conners and Annie Peter-
sen-Stucfte.
HARDiN— McCLEARY— In this city. August 28,
1901, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, JoseDh C.
Hardin and Mattie McCleary, both of Napa,
Cal. ,
ROOD— LUX— In this city. August 23. 1901/ by
tho Rev. Robert Mackenzie, H. Roscoe Rood
and Selma Alice Lux, both of San Francisco.
WILSLONE-FURSTENAU-In this city, Au-
gusW 18. 1901. by the Rev. J. Fuendeling,
Nikolaus S. Wilslone and Tine Furstenau.
DIED.
Anderson, Peter W. McHenry, Frank
Aronsteln, Dr. A.- McQualde, Margaret
Barnett, Margaret Mahoney. Edmond
Benzlnger, Daniel Marks, Harry
Bildhauer, Stephen Morse, Stephen H.
Dillon. James G. Morrison, Isabel
Enrlzht. Patrick Myrick, Ellen
Fi?her, Ida M. O'Loughlin, Mary
Grossetta, John O'Neill, Minnie
Hablch. Charles Reilly, Capt. M. J.
Hawkins, Mary Snallham, Benjamin
Jerome, Clara E. Webster, Emma
Kenney, George G. West. Eulalla G ¦
Koch, Hilda Wilson, John
.Lasette. Martin' Wolff, Schanette
Lowell. Emma J. ¦
ANDERSON— August 26, 1901, Peter W. Ander-
son, a native of Sweden, aged 26 years 6. >
months and 9 days.
ARONSTEIN— In this city, August " 27, 1901,
Dr. Adolph" Aronstein. beloved husband of
Rosalie Aronsteln, and father of Charles N.
and Adele J. Aronstein, a native of Ans-
bach, Bavaria, aged 60 years. \ ¦
(ny Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the /uneral to-day
(Thursday), at 2:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1616 Sutter street, thence to Odd
Fellows' Cemetery for cremation. ¦'
BARNETT— In this city, August 28, 1901. Mar-
garet, beloved -wife of Florence P. Barnett,
mother of John J. and the late F. P. and
i Mary Gertrude Barnett, daughter of James
and the late Jane Featherstone, and sister
of • Thomas and .Peter Featherstone, Mrs.
¦ Hugh Quinn, Mrs. Ellen Van Pelt and Mrs.
Asnes Spellman and the late -Mrs. Jane
\ Markely a native of Susquehanna, Pa., aged
. 89 years 8 months and 9 days. • , ..-¦
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., .- 81 Eddy street,
thence to Mission Dolores Church for ser-
vices. , Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BENZINGER— In this city, August 28, 1901.
¦¦ Daniel, beloved husband of Anna Benzlnger,
a native of Germany, cg-ed 68 years 6 months
and 4 Mays., (Portland, Or., papers please
copy.) - •
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
full Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(¦Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, - 2606 Bryant street, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth streets. Interment
Holy Cress Cemetery. .
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. -
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School..' .
Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ban Mateo County.
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET. .
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'. Association: • M.
J. McBrearty, with the same company '¦ for
10 years; P. F.- Green, * late with J. - C.
O'Connor & Co.. have opened new Funeral
' Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth and Eighth. Telephone 8outh ; 44.
Eugenl McGinn. McGINN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South - 2S2. ' ' ¦ San Francisco.
_^_No Connection With Any ' Other House.
wrSICAL INSTRUMENTS-— Coa.
A."fprHER cleanlng-out sale of rtoragc pianos
at yourowa price; $6 installments: no reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 1706 Market ft.
A FPKCIAL for this week-«<00 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 20S Post Bt.
ELEGANT new upricht pianos for rent, S3 per
ma. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
PCHMITZ, 16 McAllister Et.
A FITCE upright piano for cale cheap. S37
McAllister »u
OFFICES A\D STORES TO LET.
JDESKTIOOM cheap; fine sunny offlw; attend-
¦nt: private phone. TJ7 Emma Spreckels bldg.
OIL. ' ~~
OIL tanks, second-hand, ln good order- all
dies; cheap. H. S. WHITE. B16 Mls«lon st
PALMISTRY.
Chirological College— Character reading, diag-
nosing, palmistry, chlrology and graphology
taught; diplomas Issued. Suite 451. Parrott big.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist; head and face
reading: lessons given. C17 Jone» «t-
TEItSOAALS. ~ — -
IF S "2!U[ hair ls fal'ing or you are bald, call
on DILG. S. MOORE, 332 OTarrell st. and
you will not be disappointed; this remedy i»
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
50^ 0 *" 0 , oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
H~?. olld oak caair; factorj' price.
J2— Ecamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom I3!S.
brarey s Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale: also
cnenllle-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In-
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GSO. MATTHEWS. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
E « E ?7 R /. C »i lpht ln ••'¦nr room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 T>.lrd ec. near Market; 700 rooms;
i~>c to fl 50 per night; 51 50 to J6 per week;
. "I -ree bus and baggage to and from the fern*.
* 1 K VVE J? K £y~ Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LE^CV LEMOS 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
FREE trial— Superfluous hair permanently re-
moved; new method; harmless; lady in at-
tendapce. 9Sj Market, r. 5: sample mailed, 25c.
WHITE enamel iron beds Fingle. three-quarter
or double. Ji 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. I21Q.1S12 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
M : : N.— PLEASE call on MRS. DR. FUXKE,
1<16 Eighth st.. Aiameda.
FACE massage. 5t*c; a new and scientific treat-
ment; doae at Ul Mascn st. F. A.. ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTES French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; I5c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair U> Its natural color; $1; at all druggists,
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
t electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. f7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. SI7 Market st.
MASQUERADE conumes. play books wigs-
country orders. CflLDFTEIX & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PUYSICIAXS AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence"
1021'j Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor successfully
treats all diseases o! the human body see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr." Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium!
764-766 Clay st.: see testimonials at office.
PLAMXG AXD TURXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shapine
_^end Sawing. -CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
ItEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
We have unusual good Bargains now. '
Secure a home with little money.
$75. S100 to 1250— Level lots near Misslon-at.
cars; $5 monthly.
STS, tlOO to $350— Best Ocean Eoulevard lots,
on!y JS monthly; ready to build on.
J300 to JS30— Graded and sewered Incompar-
able Sunset lot«; your own terms.
Sunset Branch office. 9th ave.. near H et.
f«O0 to JSOO— Richmond lots, only flO monthly.
IS38. $1000. tWO. $2500 to *3000-Bargalns in
modern cottages. Sunset, Richmond and Mis-
sion districts; easv payments.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
64 Chronclle building.
TWO choic* sunny corners; Just the location
for flats that never will be vacant; will pay I
big Interest; surrounded with nice homes and
very desirable: Union and Pierce cts.. north- :
west. corner, 37:6illC; street work done: ba-
eaJt blocks; Etone pavement; suitable for «
flats; $273!>.
Pierce and Filbert ets., north of Union; 26x
*2:6; street -work done: Filbert ls bltumenlzed •
4 flats can be built; 52350.
Both these corners are easy of access by the
Union-6t. cable cars and any one wanting to
Increase their income will buy these lots.
W. J. GUNN. 6S0 California st.
OWXERS of property en Valencia. Guerrero
or Mission sts. who wish to cell call on W.
J. GUNX. E30 California st.
OWNERS cf property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio end in
Richmond, north cf Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to sell, call on
W. J. GUXH.J& California St.. S. F. Sav-
ings Union building.
61 X. seven and eUrht ream cottages: also two
flat houses in block between 17th. 18th. Castro
.and Noe Fts.; I i cash, balance monthly pay-
V merits; Canro cr Guerrero-Bt. cars. F. NEL-
EON. builder.
IF you want tn sell your real estate, city or
country, brins It to
THE PHELPS-LEWIS CO..
702 Market St., S. F.
SUBURBAN tracts, near Burllrigame and
waterworks. MARK LANE. C34 Market St..
opposite Palsce Hotel.
REAL ESTATE — COLT.TRY — For Sal©
6PECIAL bargain— 160 acre* land, near Yuba
City. Sutter County, short distance from
Marysville; all rich valley land under culti-
vation; eoc<3 buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be eold in whole or In
part at a \-ery low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich vailey land; good
buildings; well fenced; short distance from
Tuba City. Sutter County; will be sold In
whole or in part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated ln the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be seen to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 4350. Call office,
for information a bargain will be given.
——FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO—
Small tracts. J60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl, Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
Ban Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The CoUU Co.. SC2 California ct.. for pam-
phlets or information. • - -
TO LEASE.
A dairy ranch at Tomales, Marin County,
which carries 6" cow*; plenty of arable land;
is within 1 mile of town and creamery. Ad-
ply J. W. KEYS. Tomales.
POULTRI s$d dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELP. Petaluma, CaL
MILL VALLEV REAL ESTATE.
FINELY furnished houses to rent for the win-
ter at reduced rates; choice Improved and un-
improved property for sale; fine lot 67x130;
trill build to suit purchaser; sun all day; 3
minutes to depot: 1300 down, balance install-
ments. 8. H. ROBERTS. Real Estate and
Insurance. Mill Valley. CeL
PED1TEIEV AftVEBTICEMEVTC
DhKAnLLi AuiMllMiMiijAlo
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
t-ROOM modern cottage; high basement; elec-
tric fixtures: porcelain bath and large wood
mantel; only cne block from station; price
J1SO0. ;¦ % p '
New modern cottage of E rooms and bath ;
three blocks from station; lot 40x100; price
J1400. .. .*•¦-". . v :>:
Two ne,w 5-room cottages; brick foundation;
all modern plumbing; .lot 40x120; 8 minutes'
walk from t tali on; 2 minutes from electric
cars; price -$1500; J1O0 down, balance easy
terms. HOME REALTY CO..
Successors to Rudolph, Perkins & Lyon and
J. R. Perkins, Lorin Station.
Offlce on east elde of gtatlon.
IS0O0— DO you want a bargain?-- Just look at
this; fine bouse and lot, house In* perfect
order containing: 6 roons. together with a
fine corner lot 60x100;- street work ail done;
only one -block from station, and within ¦ S
minutes of university grounds. ¦ '¦¦'.¦'.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
Real Estate. Berkeley Station.
J3300— NEW S-room house, ready for occupancy,
equipped with window - shades, combination
fixtures gas end electric lighting; corner lot;
\ street work all done; very accessible to rail-
/-¦/^-road and *lectrlc can. . '
Only J1400— 5-room house, large lot. within
walking distance ef™}™*"*-^^ .
P.eal Estate. Berkeley Station.
Flqrisrco^
V - / ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS v
Prices Reasonable.
107 POWELL ST.ncarELLIS TSSf. 5056
COMPAGNIS GENERALS . TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO ' HAVRE-PARIS. ,
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of iKffCo'i
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier. 42.- ~5*«"IbS
North River, loot: of Morton street;: La Cham-"
pagne." September 5; *La Savole, September 12;
•L' Aq'uitaine. : September 19; La Bretagne,'. Sep-
tember 26. -* " -" - . ' ¦ -. ' • ¦
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. - GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & . CO., Pacific Coast A cents. . 5
Montgomery, avenue, San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all' Railroad .Ticket 'Agents.
T*Twln Screw Express Steamers.
-BAY .AND ;RIVEB STEAMERS.
'' 9:43 a. m., : 8:15 and ' 8:30 p.m.'; except Sun-
day. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo ; 7 a, m.," 12:80 -noon, 8 . p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p.m. Far* 64
cents. Telephone Main 1508. Landing and of-
fice. - pier t. MiBSlon-B t. . dock. - HATCH - BRO3.
Steamers GEN. ¦ FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
FOR U.;S.:NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO;
*$M i p^ r ; v &str.
THE WEEKLY GALL.
PANAMA R,R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
' , Cabin. 10f: Steerage, $40: Meals Free.
5. S. Arftyll «ai'« v .':.' , VjJ.'
. From Seawall Section. No. 1.
6. S. Leelunaw «niu , , : A-jjj. :
S. S. Arftylj sails : . Sept.
¦ From : Howard street at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market St.
, • F. F. CONNOR.- Pacific Coast Agent.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only.. .......
¦ ..... '..'. — Saturday.- August 31. 2 p. m.
S. B. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti......
...Wednesday. September 11 10 a m
S. S. VENTURA (via Honolulu), for Samoa,
. New Zealand and -Australia.. ..;....
............Thursday. September 12,' 10 a.'m.
J. O.SPRECKELS k BROS. CO., flmarai Agents, 327 Hartst St
Eeti'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Pier Xo. 7. Pacific St
AAA9nlA IT C d* A HAWAII, 8AII0A, NEW
And CIA' SUp AMERICANA DC VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican,. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How. 1
ard S. Pier 10. 12 m. - ., £
:> ALENA.......Aug. 31 |COLOMBIA....Sept. 14
GUATEMALA.'.Sept. 4lTUCAPEL......Sept. 28
These steamers are. built expressly for Cen-
tral,* and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agent*. '
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL. LEAVE -WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p.m.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo) Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.'. . -
BS. HONGKONG MARU
Wednesday. September 4. 1901
ES. NIPPON MARU. .Friday, September 27, 1901
BS. AMERICA MARU... -¦
.Wednesday. October 23, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. '- Kor
freight and passage apply at company's. office,
<21 Market street, corner First.
• W. H. A VERY. General Asrent.
Sails Aug. 26. Sept. 5. 15. 25
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agrt..l Montgm'y. 8.F.
- IiOTVEST RATXIS. '¦ . ¦
STEAMER TICKST3 INCLU03 BERTH an! MEA.LV
BS. COLUMBIA ...:. '. -
Sails Aug. 21, 31. Sept. 10, 20. »0
68. GEO. W. ELDER........
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to. nil
rofnts Fast. Through tiskets to all
points, all rail or «»te«m«» 1 it!> and rail, a!
Only Steamship Zilns to
O.-#?..*Af;.:CQ.
BILDHAUER— In South San Francisco, San
.Mateo County, August 23, 1901, > Stephen Bild-
hauer, dearly r'ustand- of- Maria
Anna Bildhauer, and beloved father of Mrs.'
John Fisher, Mrs. A. T. Sherman and Anton;
Joseph and Bertha Bildhauer, '.a native of
Austria,'* Germany, . aged ¦ 64 . years^ and 9
days..-' ',.** ; ¦ ' 'v~ ;¦:' * V; .-, ¦ ' ....-¦ . •¦".¦'
¦ IC?" Remains at the: parlors of the Gajitner
¦•& Guntz Undertaking Company.' 1209 Mission;
. street, between Eighth and Ninth. .
DILLON— In this city, August 27, 1901, James
G.r-dearly. beloved'soni of -CatRerlne. Dillon,
. and ¦ brother of Mrs. . Mary E. Attridge, a na-
tive of Philadelphia, aged 52 years.- - - .• ¦¦ .:
ICPFrlends and acquaintances . are respeet-
" fully . Invited to «attend the v funeral t to-day
(Thursday), -at 8:30 o'cl-ck. from his late
• .residence, S3 Silver .street, T thence- to St.
Rose's Church," -Brannan street," where a' sol-
emn requiem high v mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, - commencing at • 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
ENRIGHT— An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated' at St. .Joseph's' Church,-
Tenth street, to-morrow (Friday), at ' 10
.o'clock, for the repose of the soul of Patrick
Enrigbt. Fr'ends are requested to attend.'-
FISHER— In Grass Valley, August 27, 1907.
Ida M.. beloved wife of Herbert H. Fisher,
-aged 26 years 7 months and. 6 days.
GROSSETTA— In San 'Rafael, August 27, 1901,'
John, beloved husband I of Anne Grossetta,
and dear father of Peter 'Grossetta, Mrs.
Stephen Troy and Mrs. ; Frank 'T. Rlley, a
native of Dalmatia, Austria,- aged 82 year*
10 months. and 16 days. \ (Chicago, • 111., and
- Tucson, Ariz., papers please copy.) ., .¦-. •
- icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend : the ;. funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 509 Irwln street, thence to St. Raph-
ael's Church, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, after
which the funeral will proceed to San Fran-
cisco upon the 11:10 train. Interment private,'
Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit flowers. -
HABICH— In this city, August 28. at his resl-
.dence, 720 Bush street, Charles Habich, < aged
49 years and 10 months. .'.•¦'';
HAWKINS— In this city, August 2S, 1901, at
her residence, 817 Natoma street, Mary, be-
loved wife of J. .W. Hawkins," motber .of
-Hazeli CamlUe," Jessie and. Frances Hawkins,
daughter of Mrs. "Mary Donovan, and. sister,
of James Donovan and Mrs. Katie Stevens, a
native of San. Francisco, aged 31 years and 6
months. ¦ ¦ .
JEROME— In Oakland, ¦ August 27, . 1901, Clara
E., wife of E. B. Jerome, a native of In-
diana. . '. , .
(ETImmedlate friends of the family are
. respectfully -Invited- to attend the funeral
services to-day (Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock,
at her late residence,' 1331 Chestnut street.
Interment strictly private. ' . .
KENNEY^-In this city, August 27, 1901, George
G., beloved husband of the late Agnes Ken-
ney, father of Gerald and Stephen Kenney,
and brother of Miss E. M. Kenney, a native
of California, aged 51 years 1 month and 21
days. . - ..."
CTFriends .ind acquaintances . are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
» (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McFadden, McBrearty and Green, 1171 Mis-
sion street. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery. -. u . ¦
KOCH — Entered into- rest -in New York.
August 21, _ 1901, Hilda, beloved wife - of
Henry Koch, mother of Walter and Frank L.
Koch, and daughter ¦ of Mr. and Mrs. B.
Priest, a native of San Francisco, aged 36
years 10 months and 29 days. -. - I
tC7Friends and acquaintances - are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of "her parents, 1421 Sutter street. . In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery, * by spe-
ciaa train leaving. Third and Townsend
streets at 10:40 o'clock.
LASETTE— In this city, August 28, 1901, Martin
. A. Lasette, beloved husband of; Ida Lasette/
father of Ruth and Bell ' Lasette; and step-
father of William, Ida and - Samuel Tread-
well, a native 'Of New York, aced 64 years.
A member of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 14, A.
O, C U. W.. and. president of the Millwrights'
Knlon, No. 7C6. . ... . ¦ ' . ' .
LOWELL- In thU city, Augrust 25, 1901, Emma
Jane, wife of the late William H. Lowell,
and mother of Edgar L. Lowell of Portland,
a native of Ohio. . . ¦
* (CT Friends .are "respectfully invited to at-'
tend the funeral services to-day (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of N. Gray'& Co.,
641 Sacramento' street. . '
McHENRY— In this city, August 27, 1901; Frank
McHenry. a "native of Idaho, aged 40 years.
. (ETRemains at -the parlors of -.McFadden,
McBrearty & Green, 1171 Mission street.
McQUAIDE— In this city, August 2S. 1901,
Margaret, beloved wife of the. late Patrick
McQualde, and mother of J. P., D. B., A.
T. and F. D. McQualde, a native of County
Cork, - Ireland, aged 65 years 2 months and
6 days.* . . ¦¦¦•;-.-¦
C7"FrIends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Friday); at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
the. Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-'
-pany, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn mass will be cele-
brated for the repose 'of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . .
MAHONEY— In this city, Augrust X. 1901, Ed-
mond Mahoney, a native of Ireland, - aged 62
years. "">'-. ¦ . - ¦ * ~ • ' "' •
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday)," at 9:30 o'clock, from the Chapel of
the Passion, attached to St. Mary's Hospi-
tal, where a solemn - requiem . mass ¦will . be
celebrated for'tne repose-of his -soul, com--,
mencing at 7:15 o'clock. - Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets. Remains at
the parlors of McAvoy & Co. ,'1239 Market
street, .between Eighth and Ninth.
MARKS— In- this city,- August 26, 1901, Harry,
dearly beloved husband of Annie C. Marks,
father .of Arthur, Amanda, Aloysia and
\ Henry Cecil Marks, and brother of Marcus
Marks and Mrs. S. S. Decker, a native of
San Francisco, aged 40 years 10 months and
9 days. A member of the Cigarmakers*
Union No. 228, and Court Golden West No.
20, F. of A. - - ¦ ¦¦- " . •¦ • . •
CyFriends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock,, from his late
residence, 155B Hawthorne street. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. < ¦
MORRISON— In the City and County Hospital,
August 26, 1901, Isabel Morrison, a native of
Central America, ag:ed 29 years.
MORSE— In Oakland, August 27, 1901, Stephen
H. Morse, a native of New Hampshire, aged
70 years 10 months and* 12 days.
MYRICK— In this city, August 27, 1901, Ellen,
widow of the late Joseph A. Myrick, ¦ and
mother of Edward, Charles, George and Jo-
seph Myrick, a native of Ireland.
ErThe funeral will take' place to-day
(Thursday), at. 9:30 o'clock,, from her late
residence. - 2709 Pine street, thence to St.:
Dominic's Church, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
private. •
O'LOUGHLIN— In San Jose, August 26, 1901,
Mary O'Loughlln, a native of Ireland.
O'NEILL— In Oakland, Augrust 26, 1901. Minnie
O'Neill, beloved daughter* of Edward and
Mary O'Neill, sister of William -J. and ths
late Edward, O'Neill, and niece of J.. W. and
William J. O'Neill of San Francisco and Dan
McCarthy of Oakland,, a" native of Oakland,
Cal., aged 22 years 11 months: and' 17 day t.
(ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 826 . Henry street, . thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem mans will
be celebrated for . the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment St
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. , .. -
HEILLY— In this city,- August 28. 1901, Cap-
tain M. J., beloved husband of Lucy M.
Reilly, a native of Missouri, aged 61 years
11 months and 5 days. \ *
SNAILHAM-In Alta, Humboldt County, Ben-
jamin, dearly beloved husband of Rose Snail-
ham, and brother of William and Thomas
~ Snallham, a native- of Wales, agred 25 years.
CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the , funeral to-day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767. Mission street In-
. te rm en t Laurel Hill Cemetery. S .
WEBSTER— In , Oakland.. August 27, 1901. at
819 Twenty-first street, Emma, widow of the
Jate Captain Daniel Webster, and mother of
Georgo P. Webster of San Francisco, a' na-
tive of Connecticut, aged 60 years. .-—.. .
WEST— In 1 this city, August 27. 1901, Eulalla
Grace West, beloved daughter of Sarah A.
and the late John W. west, a native of
Iowa, aged 24 years 3 months and 19 days.
WILSON— In this city. August 27, 1901, John
WllBon,- beloved husband of "Matilda Wilson,
and father of Walter. Ethel, Willie, Tommle
and Nettle Wilson, a native of Texas, aged
36 years and 15 days.
WOLFF— In Alameda, August 27, 1901, Schan-
netta Wolff, beloved mother of ¦ Mrs. S. B.
Dinkelspiel.--- J: Haber, Mrs. J. Dlnkelsplel -
Mrs. Mi Werthelmer and Henry, Nathan and
Louis Wolff, a . native of Baden, Germany,
aged 82 years and 6 months. . ¦ -.. . j
GTThe funeral cortege, will leave the foot
of Market' street- to-day (Thursday), upon
the arrival of tho 10 o'clock creek boat from
•¦ Oakland, thence to : Home of Peace Ceme-
tery, via 11:30 o'clock train from Third and
Townsend streets. . V ¦., •¦.'" .",: ¦-•¦•"
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
• Steamers leave Broadway
ht- r . .¦ . Wharf, San Francisco:,
tjBte^^. Fof Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
WBSSSSSk every fifth day. Change to
MEffC- 3DUBU company's steamers at Seattle.
EiriiEJwS For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
§3&J«U «kl C), Port Townsend, Seattle,
f£tta£«*4^$al Tacoma. Kverett. AnaaortM
f^^BMM ind New Whatcom (Wash.)—
B TSaOHt 11 a. m.. every fifth . day.
>. '^* Change at Seattle t or this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.: at Van-
couver to C. P. *Ry.
. For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:SO p. - m.
every fifth day.
For San Dleso. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los -Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m. :
steamer . State of California. Wednesdays, 9
a. m. . . r
For Los Angeles, calling at .. Santa. Crui.
Monterey. Ban Simeon. Cayucos". Port HarfonJ
<San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pedro
and 'Newport ('Corona only) — Steamer Corona,
Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonita, Tuesdays.
9 a. m. _
For -Er sens da, Magdalena Bay, San 'Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 19 a. m.: 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders. ¦-..-.¦¦. . -
- The company reserves the right to chanir*
steamers. . Falling: days and hours _ of sailing
without previous notice. " . .-
TICKET OFPICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). .• : ¦ ¦
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Cen, Agents.
1143 Market St., bet. 7 &8. Telphone Mlnt'761
Atlantic Go f fees
, ; The island of Porto Rice >, now under,
the American flag, produces some of the
best coffee grown in the world.' " \
- - Just the first shipment of high
.mountain grown Porto Rico coffee from the
Rosario district; considered by experts to
hs finer, stronger and better flavored than
any Central American coffee that comes
to this market. 'We roast this famous
coffee right in our store -daily.
Green 25 6 lb, Roast or ground 55c lb, 3 lbs $1
1 Serve > afternoons our Pcrto Rico made in
the Vienna China Coffee Machine; '
F in esti Bourbon Santos
Roast or ground 35c lb, 3 lbs $1
' Transplanted Mocha grown in Brazil.
Fa n cy -G o 1 d_e n_ Rio
--.. Roast or ground' 35c lb, 3 lbs $1. '
. • Fine, smooth, mellow and old fashioned.
Choicest old Venezuela
i Roast or ground/ 35c lb, 3 lbs jji.
/ - Mocha berry grown in South America.
Fine o 1 d , M a r a ca i b o
• 'Roast or ground 35c lb, 3 lbs $1.
1 • Java berry grown in South.America.
Five pound lots coffee sent free I oo miles
ADVERTISEMENTS.x FEDERAL EMPLOYE WHO COMMITTED SUICIDE WHILE TEMPORARILY
INSANE AND THE YOUNG WOMAN WHOSE TRAGIC DEATH SEV
ERAL. YEARS AGO IS BELIEVED TO HAVE BEEN THE CAUSE.
"Thrasher said Tuesday that he would
kill himself and put an end to it all. I
thought he didn't mean it and that 1 he
was only Joking. He was very Jealous
and did not want me to go out alone, not
even 'with girls, for he was afraid that I
would meet someone. I first met
Thrasher at the French .ball at the
Chutes. I had been his companion since
down the stairs I met the landlord coming
up. He could not find a key to fit the
door, so. I put my weight against It and
pushed it in. When I entered vthe room
Thrasher was all but gone.
The young man's body was . removed
from the Morgue yesterday and taken to
an undertaking parlor. Thrasher's father
is not at present in Milwaukee, but it is
expected that telegrams will reach him
some time to-day. It is supposed that he
will order the body embalmed and sent
East for interment.
Thrasher, according to a story told . by
some of his friends, had been melancholy
and despondent since the death of Miss
Mildred Clarke, who committed ¦ suicide
several years ago, while temporarily in
sane. He had known the young lady from
childhood and it was. believed by some
that they. were engaged to be married.
Thrasher left two letters for Collector
of ¦ Internal Revenue Lynch. They were
only official reports, ho waver/ and threw
no light on the suicide. Collector Lynch
when seen yesterday said that he could
assign no reason for the suicide, unless it
was Illhealth. Thrasher was not well and
was afraid that he had contracted con
sumption.
that time. He said that h© intended to
marry me, and -would do ' so when, he
should get a location outside of San Fran
cisco. My folks did not know of the re
lation I bore to Thrasher. I was not going
to leave Thrasher because I had ceased
to care for him. I thought the world of
him, but he was jealous and quarrelsome
all the time and I couldn't stand it."
The early cucumber takes a fall out of
a man after he gets it down.
T. W. Jackson, United States Consul at
Patras. Greece, has made the following re
port to the Commercial Museum: ,
Existing weather conditions more than sub
stantiate the predictions forwarded the 14th
ultimo with regard to the coming currant crop
of Greece. There has fallen some rain during
the past month, but the wet weather has In no
case been followed by excessive heat, so that
only from the furthest outlylcs districts is
there 'reported the presence of "Perronospor
ous," and then from a lack of proper care and
to no appreciable extent. Shipment of the cur
rant crop will commence about August 20.
after the Government appraisers- have esti
mated the crop and fixed 'the rate of reten
tion, which will .be this year probably 15 per
cent. Conservative estimates place the crop
at 130.000 to 150,000 tons: more liberal estimates
raise the yield to 160,000. Making due allow
ance for exaggeration the crop at this writ
ing ' gives every promise of being one of the
heaviest in many years and of a, very superior
quality. Prices will open at about SO shillings
per hundredweight, but will fall considerably
when the shipping begins.
United States Consul at Patras JSs-
timates the j Output t or^ the
Present Year, y-^'i
JACKSON KEPOBTS ON"
GREECE'S CURRANT CROP
There was a delay In the performance
of th© Ringlingr Brotners' circus last
night, which, although slight, was suffi
cient to be noticeable to the 15,000 people
who crowded the mammoth tent. A loiig
lost brother was found among the per
formers and the meeting between the
members of the family was a happy one.
Jules Tunour, a clown, and Milly Tun
our, one of the star aerial performers of
the circus, found that Monsieur Bertrand
was a member of their family. The meet
ing of the trio was as startling as it was
unexpected. When Miss Tunour had con
cluded her perilous act on, the swinging'
trapeze she bowed to the Immense . au
dience and ran to her dressing-room. As
she was passing Monsieur Bertrand, who
was about to enter the arena with other
clowns, he exclaimed. "C'est charmant."'
The phrase was a familiar one to Miss
Tunour. Her father had often used it to
express his approval of her act and the
became interested. When Bertrand re
turned to the dressing-room she told him
that her father often used the expression.
He in turn said his parent had often an
proved him in the same manner. Aft^r
a brief conversation it developed that they
were brother and sister and Jules Tunour
was called in to join in the reunion.
, Bertrand had -been given up for dead'
for many years. He went away with
some English acrobats and lost track of
his family, who were also traveling per
formers. He lately arrived from Australia
and. joined the Ringlingr Brothers' circus
The Tunours telegraphed their father that
the lost son had been found and the aged
parent telegraphed back his joy. He la
now living in a little .town in Wisconsin.
FIND BROTHER
AT THE CIRCUS
with blood coming from his mouth. I ran
out of the room for help, and the door
closed and locked after me. As I went
The Pennsylvania anthracite mines have
been worked without- cessation • since 1820.
I^ow excursion rates .via ¦.Southern .Pa
cific to Sacramento for the State's great
exhibition on safe August 31sf to Septem
ber *14th, inclusive.- .Inquire B of nearest
agent for particulars." , ' '. -:;••,
Low Sates for the Great Sacramento'
Fair. .-\,_ /; " ...
¦.-Yesterday. 1 morning 7 the ¦ attorneys ' rep
resenting» the • litigants '. appeared before
Judge Hebbard with a stipulation ; signed
by. Ellinghouse 'and 'Mott agreeing -that
the copartnership should be dissolved and
that 'Ellinghouse should assume all liabil
ities '. of the business * and collect all ' the
assets.^ Judge Hebbard ordered judgment
entered in - accordance with -this stipula
tion.;. ¦ . : ¦"¦;..- - '¦ ;
,In his answer Mott" alleged that he had
agreed with Ellinghouse not to open the
Alhambra until October 1, 1900; .that act-
Ing : under . this | agreement he went away
with a traveling company: that in his ab
sence Ellinghouse opened the' Alhambra
and informed him 'that " the • partnership
was at an end; that Ellinghouse 'realized
a net profit of $20,000, which Mott asserted
was . not divided ; with him . in accordance
.with : the terms of their contract and that
he:had lost $5000 on the 'venture. He put
in a counter claim for this amount. ' ,..':.
. An j order, was made by ; Judge Hebbard
yesterday dissolving the theatrical co
partnership between Alf • Ellinghouse and
Samuel C. Mott." Ellinghouse sued Mott
for a dissolution of the copartnership,
which was formed early in ,1900. ¦ Elling
house alleged that shortly, after the part
nership was formed and entered into the
management of the Alhambra. Mott ab
sented himself from the business and' that
his neglect resulted in a. loss of $6000, all
of r which the plaintiff alleged- he waa
forced to pay. V- ;-; - -' • - „,- \
tion Which Is Recognized s by
.. the Court. ¦;
Ellinghouse and Mott Sign Stipula-
JUDGE DISSOLVES
THEATHICAL COPARTNERSHIP
Mrs. Emma Webster, mother of George
P. Webster, a well known actor, died at
her home in Oakland Tuesday evening
after a t long and painful . illness. Mrs.
Webster was born in New London Conn
in 1S41, where i;he married Daniel Web
ster, a shipmaster., who was afterward
prominently connected with the work of
the Alaska Commercial Company in the
seal fisheries. She came to California
twenty-five years ago and has lived in
this State almost continuously ever since
The death of her husband, which took
place some months ago. shocked her
severely and her enfeebled health gave
ljay. For some time it has been known
that Ehe would never be well again
physically. Ehe was amiable and witty
and had a larue circle of friends. The
funeral will take place Friday afternoon
in Oakland at 1211 Clay street, between
Fourteenth and Fifteenth.
l>eath. of Mrs. Emma Webster.
The municipal campaign is not wholly
devoid of humorous features. The report
is in circulation that some one has been
suggesting S. C. Irving, late of the late
Grand Hotel party, for . Mayor. The
strength, of that party in 'the convention
is estimated at from three to five dele
gates. Frank McGowan : Is ' likely to " get
the support of the solid three, four, or
five for District Attorney. -An equal
support may be given to • Irving for
Mayor. „ . *
Word comes from Southern California
that 1 .Truman Reeves .may encounter ob
stacles in his campaign for rehomlnation
for State Treasurer. A. G. Kendall,,As
sessor of .San Bernardino, .. is an active
candidate ' to ' represent the - Fourth ¦ Dis
trict in the State Board of Equalization.
Politicians fancy that . one j place on the
ticket is all that San Bernardino can rea
sonably expect '
Henry Bienfleld, secretary of the Iro
quois Club, is In communication with
David B. Hill of New York. Hill is re
garded as the real and true Moses of the
Democratic party. He will visit San Fran
cisco early in October. Warriors of the
Iroquois tribe will journey as far east as
Ogden to grasp his hand and tender the
pipe of peace.- ¦;-',:• - ' ¦ :.>
Max Popper. State organizer of - tho
Iroquois, , will leave California for - the
East some time next week.: He will tarry
at Lincoln, Neb., to shed tears . with -W.
J. Bryan. After the weeping and the
fond farewells he will resume his east
ward journey to the shrine of David Ben
nett Hill. . ,
The directors of the Republican'Pri
mary League will meet this evening to
consider questions relating to the mu
nicipal campaign. To-morrow evening at
Native Sons' Hall, on Seventeenth street,
near Valencia, there will be another con
ference of anti-boss delegates to the Re
publican convention. ;j
• Resolved. That in the event of. any delegate
elected to the coming Republican municipal
convention being unable to attend then ; the
chairman of the delegation is hereby empow
ered to cast the vote for him, as provided by
the primary election law.
Resolved, That we, the delegates-elect froni
the Thirty-sixth Assembly District to the com
ing Republican municipal convention, do.here
by pledge ourselves to abide by the .de
cision of the majority of the delegates of
Eald district, and that the vote of the delega
tion be announced as a unit by the chairman,
unless otherwise provided by the majority of
said convention.' ¦ • _ ' . .-=¦-.- • :
The, Thirty-sixth District delegation or
ganized Tuesday evening by the election
of Frank French chairman and Myron
W. Littlefield secretary. The ¦ delegation
adopted the following resolutions: .
Tho Republican Municipal Convention
will be called to order by Augustus Til
den at B'nai B'rith Hall Monday even
ing, September 16, at 8 o'clock. The con
vention will probably organize at once
and adjourn for two weeks. It is said
that this hall was engaged at the sug
gestion of Max Goldberg and Ascheim.
As the convention . will consist of 350 dele
gates there will not be much room for
outside lovers of sonorous oratory who
will | assemble to listen to Boss Martin
Kelly's great speech. Augustus Tilden,
who has been mentioned as a candidate
for chairman of the convention, says that
he is not an aspirant for that honor. Ed
mund Tauzsky and T. P. Riordan are
out-and-out candidates for the chairman
ship. The former Is backed by the For
tieth and the latter by the Forty-second
District.
Open' stake. Etxty-four entries— H. Perigo's
Controller vs. J. Kelly's Governor Mac; E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha vs. T. Cox's Crockett
Hill: jEdNeave's Talk to Me vs. Pasha Ken
nels' -Rollicking- Airs; Star. Kennels' May
flower vs. Sterl & Knowles' Ripple; T. J.
Cronin's Tralee Boy vs. A. Van rter Burg's
Naughty Girl; Ed Neave's Spiteful vs. George
Graham's Tyrone Prince; P. Doyle's Liberator
vs. Pasha Kennels' Risky Attempt; Ed Neave'a
First Foot ¦ vs. Ed Neave's Castaway: ;R.
Strohl's Three Cheers vs. T. J. Mclnerney's
Reglna R; J. R. McCarthy's John Doe vs. E.
M. Kellose'a- Frisco Lad: T. J. Cronin's
Thornhill vs. F. Jones' "Wedgewood ; O. Zahl's
Homer Boy vs. O. Zahl's Miss ."Wilson; Aeneld
Kennels' Agamemnon vs. Sterl & Knowles'
For Glory; George Sharman's Bowery Boy vs.
J. Quinn's Royal- Tick; Sterl & Knowles'
Sleety Mist vs. Pasha Kennels" . Roman Ath
lete; J. M.-Halten's May HemDstead vs. P.
Jackson's Honor Bright ; George Nethercott'n
Floodgatevs. T. Kenny's May Boy; J. Willis'
Half moon vs. E. M. Kellogg' s Crawford Belle:
L. F. BartelsV Best Bargain vs. Sterl &
Knowles' Olita; M. Nealon's Aeneas vs. George
Sharman's St. Ives; Chiarini Bros.' White Hat
vs. Pasha Kennels' Snapshot: J. R. Sweeney's
Cottase Lass vs. W. Murray's Well Known;
Star Kennels' Blockhead vs. E. Geary's
America: W. C. Collier's Lady. Marian vs. E.
Geary's, Ireland ;T.J. Mclnerney's Annie Hall
vs. - W. J. I^onard's' Tom Hurlick; George
Sharman's i Chicago Boy vs. Chiarini Bros.'
Master Workman: T. J. Mclnerney's Norah
vs. H. Lynch' s Gamecock: Pasha Kennels' For
Freedom vs. ¦ Pasha Kennels' ' Lawrence : T. J.
Cronin's Vandal vs. W. O. Buckles' Average:
W. Kramer's Onward vs. Chiarini Bros.' Dew
drop; Star : Kennels' Pickpocket vs. F. Jones'
Harlean Gladys* Ed Neave's Strayaway vs. N.
Nealon's Achilles. .-,: ,. • . . • •
There will be no coursing at Union Park
on Saturday. Last night the association
determined to hold nothing but • Sunday
coursing this week. The programme Is
a sixty-four dog open stake, theidrawing
of which is as follows: v
No Saturday Running for the
I'.is'.-s Present "Week.
Class Stake Drawn for Union Park.
SIXTY-FOUR DOGS TOR
STrHTDAY* C0TTRSING CA»D
ENGAGES HALL
FOR DELEGATES
"Walker was arrested in the fall, of 1897
and after conviction was sentenced by
Judge Wallace on February 6, 1898, to
four years In State's Prison. A | motion
for a new trial was denied and an appeal
was taken. The defendant's counsel took
advantage of every means by which liti
gation might be continued and the months
drifted on without important develop
ments until September 30, 1898, when
Judge Wallace stayed all proceedings.
- From that time until June 9, 1899, Walker
was forgotten In the County Jail. Judge
Dunne then ordered that the original
sentence be executed. An appeal to the
Supreme Court gained a new trial for the
prisoner. A few weeks ago he was again
arraigned, and, following a conviction,
was sentenced by Judge Dunne to a year
at San Quentln. The attempt to stay pro
ceedings by petition to the Supreme Court
has failed and nothing more can be clone
by Walker except to serve his sentence/
The young man was local agent for the
American Tract Society of New York and
an investigation, of . his accounts showed
that he ¦ was short- 580 35. It was never
clearly shown that the defendant appro
priated the funds to his own use and
Judge -Wallace in . sentencing - him inti
mated that there was grave doubt as to
the sufficiency of, evidence, , '
This marks tho close of a legal fight
which has been carried on in the State
courts since 1897. No effort has been
spared - to save the young man from a.
term In the penitentiary, but litigation
has kept him In the County Jail longer
than he would have to serve In Folsom
had he accepted the original sentence and
secured the usual number of credits.
The Supreme Court yesterday denied the
petition of George "Walker, convicted of
embezzlement from the American Tract
Society, for a writ of mandamus staying
the execution of his. sentence of one year,
imposed by ' Judge Dunne last Monday.
ment From American Tract So
ciety Must Serve Sentence. •
Young Man Convicted of Embezzle-
SUPREME COURT DENIES
WALKER'S LAST ; APPEAL
THE suicide of Luther A. Thrasher,
gauger in the Internal revenue
service, was the -chief topic of
conversation yesterday among
Federal cfficials. An inquest was
held and the jury brought In a verdict
that Thrasher "came to his death through
a gunshot wound of brain, self inflicted
while temporarily insane."
Miss Jessie MacDonald of 25 Tilden
street, with whom Thrasher had been on
very friendly terms, visited the Morgue
early yesterday/ morning and told what
she knew of the suicide. She said that
Thrasher came to his room at 2 o clock
1 Tuesday afternoon from Oakland, wliere
he had been working. He began to quar
rel with her. i He said that she was get
ting tired of him and treating him mean,
end he thought he had better not go with
her any more. After that he began to
dress to go out to. dinner.
"He called me over to him," said she,
"and asked me if I really meant to give
him up. I said it was just as well, as we
were always quarreling and couldn't get
along. Then I went out to comb my hair,
and I heard the shot. I thought then that
he was onlx fooling, but when I went
back to the room I found him lying back
Congressman Hull speaks advisedly and
with knowledge when he speaks of nur
soldiers. He himself served with distinc
tion through the Civil War and has a son
•who was a ma.ior on the staff of General
MacArthur and who has but lately re
turned to this city after two years' hard
fighting in those same Islands which his
father now regards with so much en
thusiasm.
"If I was a young 1 man I don't know
where I would rather go than to the Phil
ippines. Fcr,-a man of brains and indus
try the islands open a vast prospect in
most every line of business for one who
. has the gTit to go there and stick to it.
Our own country has been going through
a hundred years of internal development.
It has been traversed with railways from
one end to the other. All the arable lands
are taken up and being developed and It
«D1 not be long before we will have to
find some outlet for our overflow. With
the construction of the Nicaragua canal,
which work I expect will be completed
•within the next fifty years, Cuba. Porto
Rico, the Hawaiian Islands. Guam and
the Philippines will be brought very near
to all of our markets, and America will
become the mistress of the commerce of
all the seas, as she is already the mistress
of the commerce of the Pacific.
Pays Tribute to American Soldiers.
"I am glad I went to the Philippines, for
the trip has shown me how little the peo
ple of This country really know concern
ing the possibilities of the possessions
they talk so much about. I would sug
gest that every member of Congress take
a like journey and acquaint himself
with thlnprs across the seas. It would he
of Inestimable benefit to him. A tour
of personal observation would be of much
benefit to the islands as well."
Congressman Hull concluded by paying
a hlgrh tribute to the American soldier
as he has seen him both in the Philip
pines and returning from his campaign
in China. He regretted that he was a
day too late to participate in the Ptrry
monument ceremonies in Janan. but ex
pressed himself as filled with admiration
at the progTPssiveness of that country
and the wonderful strides forward it hail
made since the famous American com
modore first visited there.
"Of course, we will have to govern them
with firmness as well as with kindness.
I think that 40.000 troops is about the
right number to keep there for some years
to come.
"Of course It Is Impossible to mako an
Anglo-Saxon out of an Oriental, therefore
the Filipino will probably never be an
American citizen in the broad sense that
Is understood by all that term conveys to
the man born in the United States of
white parents. But as soon as he gets suf
ficient education and becomes a little more
impregnated with our ideas and loses
some of the ideas acquired by a three hun
dred year association with the Spaniard
the Filipino will be a citizen in spirit, pa
triotism, industry and education and will
be worthy of participating to the fullest
extent in all the benefits of this Govern
ment. ,
In speaking of his observation last
night Hull said that he did not think that
the Filipinos were at present fitted for
admission to citizenship, It would only
be necessary for one generation to grow
up under peaceful conditions, however, to
so materially change the existing state of
affairs that the applicants will be qualified
to participate in the privileges of Ameri
can citizenship.
"The Filipinos are a wonderful people,
said Congressman Hull, "and their islands
are veritable mines of richness. The
mineral, agricultural and timber resources
of these new possessions of ours consti
tute a field for commercial enterprise that
Is practically unlimited. Of course, the
present conditions of brigandage make It
exceedingly unsafe for people to settle in
the islands away from the protection of
the military posts. The formation of the
country and the almost impregnable fast
nesses of the mountains make the hunt
ing down of these brigands an exceedingly
difficult task. But the people, or the great
majority— nine out of ten of them— desire
peace and safety and are doing all they
can to help the troops attain this end.
Consequentlv it will not be a great many
years before one can travel in safety
through the greater part of all the islands.
Islands Afford Many Opportunities
Philippines. The Philippines . were the
principal places of investigation on the
part of the statesman and he has returned
to this country much impressed with the
future possibilities of these new possess
ions of Uncle Sam.
Congressman Hull, who is accompanied
by bis wife and daughter, returned on
the transport Hancock from a five
months* tour of China, Japan and the
The Palace Hotel has a distinguished
guest in the person of J. A. T. Hull, Con
gressman from Iowa and chairman of the
House Committee on Military Affairs.
The contents of the desks and drawers
in the office were scattered about the
place, but no attempt had been made to
open the safe. - . .
When the store was opened yesterday
morning evidence of the burglary made
Itself manifest on all sides. Show cases
containing articles of value were opened
and emptied, while ! others with cheaper
goods were despoiled only of the more ex
pensive portion of their contents. "~* .
Further investigation showed that the
thieves, who had evidently taken their
time in completing their work, had
broken ¦ into the cash register. Rather
than ring the bell in opening it they forced
it with a Jimmy only to find It empty.
From a small . yard In : the rear of the
store the men sawed away one of the iron
bars that served as a guard for the win
dow and by, -wrenching it out of place left
a space : big enough to crawl through.
Once inside the. thieves put on some hunt
ers' game coats and filled the pockets with
knives, scissors and razors. Fishing bas
kets were pressed Into service and' loaded
with the booty. A valuable Winchester
rifle and a shotgun were taken. Two re
volvers found their way Into the hands of
the crooks and a. box of cartridges found
broken open showed that the weapons had
been loaded by the men before leaving. .
Burglars gained an entrance to the hard
ware' Btore of j S. ¦ B.' Boeart at 1346 : Mar
ket street early yesterday morning, and
escaped' ; ¦with' $1000 ¦worth of property.
From the appearance of their work they
were , well acquainted with : the stock in
the" store, \ for nothing but the most ex
pensive articles -were taken.
•owa Statesman Advises
Youpg Men to Con
tinue Westward.
Bogart's Establishment at
1 346 Market Street
: Plundered.
Congressman Hull Tells
of Conditions in Dis
tant Isles.
Enter From the Rear and
vSteal $1000 Worth-,
of Goods.
SPEAKS HIGHLY
OF FILIPII05
BURGLARS LOOT
HARDWARE STORE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THUBSDAYj; AUGUST 29, 1901.
Jessie MacDonald, Companion of Luther A. Thrasher,
Tells Coroner the Story (A His Suicide.
KILLS HIMSELF WHILE ANGRY
AND IN A QUARELSOME MOOD
12
Hale's.
Hale's.
• The entertainment and social in connec-|
tion . the \ "Women "Workers", of : the
Bush-street- Synagogue; and; in aid of the
school fund have been postponed; tyut ¦will
be • given ..Wednesday ;, next, j September 4;
in the afternoon and evening respectively,
in vthe r house of the . president > of • the • so-
i clety/*. Mrs. Newhouse,' 2003 Pine street.-
Benefit for ScHool Fund:
For~S LJQUOR and MORPHINE HABIT8.
: " Twenty .; Tears' • Experience. '
¦ ; PaOenta . may be treated 'at horns or prl-
'?ata eanltarium. Office Glasgow Building.
105 Ellis st.. ' near Powell. Hours, 10 to U
a. m.. 2,to 4 p. n. •
SPECIFIC: TREATMENT ,
Late Superintendent Physician City
and Countv Hospital.
MENTAL AND NERVOU3 DISEASES.
DR. G. B. SUSSDORFF,
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market,
TELEPHOJrn MAIX 5522.
1212-1214- MARKET ST.;
v . Between Taylor and Jones. y
i WE CLOSE AT 6 O'CLOCK. }
B:OY S' :SrA IL OR |ft^
;¦ BLOUSE ; WAISTS, all ' IMP
and sizes.'. ... ... . '.. r\ vU
BLAC K * S A TIN fa i r A
: WAISTS, all ; sizes, \l^ nil
¦ worth $4.00, on sale": : . W I ! W V
Odds- and ends; SILKv' A I ; P irt
WAISTS, all sizes:;. . . ; V I A n II
.............. .......... \jft I I vv rj
W.OMEN'S W 6 O L ; r .ft^i
I PLAID OVERSKIRTS.- H j I O
Vorth $3.00, on sale. ; . . . . W U U
WOMEN'S GINGHAM ; I ft —
APRONS llJP
WOMEN'S PERCALE OP-.
¦ WRAPPERS, all . ; sizes,- A *\ P
I light colors ....... ... UU U
WAISTS, all colors and ill P
sizes.......... "¦. ;........
BOYS' DUCK SUITS, A A-
' sizes 3. 4 and 5......... lljfl
W DME N'S , A C C O R- ft ft \<
: DEON. PLEATED LIN- «KP
. EN UNDERSKIRTS . . . . J U U
The -balance of- our $1.50 to $2.00
'WOMEN'S WAISTS. includin K
those made, of White .India Linen,
all, over lace or embroid- ; *y r
1 ery, solid colored ' French f "1 M
• Chambray, etc.; on sale. . . I v U
• In many cases the goods' we've
placed on sale are worth from twice
to -three times what we've marked
them to sell for. •'
Next-to-Nothing Prices
TO-DAY BEGINS THE BIG
SLAUGHTER SALE..
TIME HAS COME
TO CLOSE OUT
All Summer Ooods
Full <jt bot S».OO
Gallon ~-.64-.0O-
An otd-established
brand of suuerior cnaltty.
Resularly $1 2S and la.
Fruit Jams, jar. ...... .15c
Tfcfs season's Stratrberry. RKpberrr
¦nd Blackberry.
1 ¦ Resalarly Me *
Key West Cigars, l^^sof^
"Pert* de S»atlaso.** -' ',* -¦.-'.
Clear Havana, roods.
conKTRT ORPSRS~ibt>tcrrEJo— cata-.
LOGtTE rREE. , . ¦ . .-
GOODS PACKED CAREETIiT FOR
SHIPMENT AND CHARGES PREPAID .
WITHIN 1C0 MILES OF BAN FRAN-
CISCO. Jj-f?
Butter, square ........ 40c
Choice Creamery.
French Vermouth, bot . 50c
Noilly. Pratt &. Co.
Regularly 60c
French Sardines, 3 tins 25c
Small tins, small fish la pure olive aiL
Rerularly 10c a tin ¦ /<• ¦
Baby Pim-Olas, 3 bots. .50c
OIlTes stuffed with rtreet red peppers. '.f\
Regrolarly 20c & botUe.
SauerKraut, 5 lbs..... 25c
New tanorted sauerkraut.
. Resularly 4 lbs. 25c.
Cheese |SSSS. h tin. . . . . .20c
A fresh shipment Just received —
Very dainty.
Yellowstone Whiskey,
THURSDAY, FBIDAY, SATURDAY.
SPECIAL SALE!
©kbK^^^^ life, '
f GLEN DALE 6RAND RANGES, $11.00 UP
.' Fine nickel trlmmlnss. Burns either
\coal or wood. Can't be lieat, in price,
i style or quality.; Economical, i hanti-
)somo and durable.
V All our house t urn'ahinss are up to
/date. T/e furnish your house complete
\— cash or credit, just a a. you 'like."
JThe', J. Rcoiian Furniture Company
\ (OI7-IO23 MISSION STREET.
| - - - Above Sixth, Sail Francisco,
) fW« close at 6 p. m. every day but Saturday.
\i2*&L J y»,^^ >^^g^- Market, ncai* Sixth,
*** Cooa»^^ Golden Gate Avenue.
25th Stone of the Building Movement fa ] '.- ~ ! ~
Ambition. Mr Pretty
The Hale store was started- for big flE ' SB2*M»«f 4-2 ***
things. N The business here has the right Spill; 8 PI it 1¥1P^[
kind of a ring. How often we hear, > X^JIlJUilJIWw
"Hales seem to lead the town in enter-
prise and push." We've got our eye . JL
and aim 'way up there. Every day we " ! 'Ht'Vj*
must supply your wants better; every
day our store service must get better. 26 inches wide, figures
That's all. It's bound to get bigger as * and stripes on light color-
it gets better. It's to be a "best" store /Al ed grounds; they're, dainty
first— a "biggest" store next. Bigness .^f/ dressy stuffs, : and are
without goodness doesn't count for \l bound to; make. quite a stir
L 35c to 50c \
jcomfoiislf 25c.
WiCr 1 - 1 ""^' LLt * : ' Fancy Sty I Ish Pieces : ; ': ¦'"" "" ' niKM
(YoO(J Among them are white lawn , over- InfOf?"
\a/1// * collars and reveres, grass linen and W/v
.yY batiste reveres; stock over-collars, satin '...._ •
«iiiininiiimnii'i| and silk stocks with jabots,' lawn, ba- jinnmiimnniiU|
j-, . tiste, pique collars and bows, set off Drnmn't
CCOnOniy s with lace/mching and braid. • : pi nShA
* Grouped on another table are r :- fJGSS
ilium 1 imii 11 unit* _ - ' _- # ; "i%f~ -. . . .liniiniiinlimg
fhiinfin) 75c Neck Pieces for 48c. \New
ciTlOIl They include such pieces as fancy . . +2T&JT?
iiiiiiiiiiiMiniliir tucked reveres and over-collars; linen v nmm»mimnii
rt .1 collars with lace insertion; fancy tncked /^,«-^^,/
LnthUSr satin collars, with chiffon jabots: silk, ' ifQrBTUi'
in cm - lawn, pique collars, bow and jabots, rjf» cc
v \'f*^' ' ,,;„ '„' ' tricked off with lace, ribbon, niching. " *,;„ ,,^^^ iiiin
, iMMUMiM,, . Women's Jackets .m...
Travel at $0.75.
iiinNiiniMiiiiimJ They are this season's prood styles, jnwin'iiiiiniiiin^-
, V, ,| such as Eton and Box Coats, and from y^ r
iJlQrOUffn' '¦¦ suc b g"ood materials as Kersey^ Covert . XlOOCt i-
*tfic*£? Taffeta Silk. In reds, tans and /?/>/> rfc
'ilU&S black They have been marked U£~£™L
iirrmmiiinmiTW- >1O.T5; 9UL.TS, $12.73 and uiniimniitummm
Arf\7r>r%. - ?14.75,' but to quickly close out the Xi/fe * '
<H / *. <Kr * sizes that are left we'll mark them \ V'/F
TfS/fJg ! Thursday at 90.75— sizes and" 36. \ W/Jl
\ «* lMl r^yypy^3J!r^S5^^E
H on tot P »r <* <t<- mm g\ k 'ftT^nr
|S slum «4 qcctuln NQI I » IW I
B Urtilkinihtm.n4fe. H H _____' I __
IK v, t '«-• •cMife.Br ¦RglllU flBm
H ttanrknj dtrr*- H H H I IK MRS
M »l«««« M .hn. I! |/| /I 1 I
Is STwa»OpTOtCa SHl«JL/rll/
OLA' fn^y ft gft^tye . t El M
the small type above without artl'
ficial aid, your eyes probably need
immediate attention. Our thorough .
knowledge of eye defects makes it a
matter cf positive certainty that when
we fit you" with glasses they wil
be just what your eyes require.
2l7K&tnev$b M
fc&J)&L^ NO MORE I
1 "VAN-"YROOM" 1
I PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS, |
I 1001 MARKET, Cor^ 6th. J
I but Boots also — footwear of all kinds in every |
I . material. We have just* received in our $3.50 1
I Department an immense shipment of the new- j
I est styles of shoes, comprising- our exclusive a
I shapes in all the latest fashions. The beauty, o'f I
I these shoes consists not solely in their stunning ,1
I appearance, but largely in the graceful way in !¦'¦
f| which they are molded to the ¦ foot, allowing ' \
I the wearer to move with perfect ease and free- \
f dom without straining the leather. V
¦ "' ¦-¦•¦."r-'-'v : ¦ ¦