VOLUME XCI.— NO 27.
WAVES BEAR
THE EVIDENCE
OF A WRECK
Fears Entertained That
a Steamer Has
Been Lost.
Many. Cases of Salmon Float
to the Vancouver
Beaches.
Shipping Men in the North Suspect
That an Alaska Liner Met
With Disaster in a
Storm.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Dec. 26.-From the
number of salmon cases and other bits of
Jetsam now floating in along the shore
lina of Greers Beach and English Bay
bearing Alaskan marks it is greatly
feared that in the gale of last night one
of the Alaskan steamships, possibly the
Cottage City, has come to grief near Van
couver.
The disaster obviously occurred not far
away, since the bits of broken cases all
chow little signs of water wear and all
faeir markings are as distinct and fresh
as well can be. A number of painted
boards which evidently belonged to tlie
•upper works of some steamer were also
found.
This morning boxes were picked up on
the shore line all the way from the beach
immediately south of False Creek right
around to the English Bay cannery. These
began to come in about 9 o'clock. Most
of the boxes were from the Icy Pass Can
ning Company, Alaska, the Star of India
brand, and from the Kanakan Packing
Company. Kanakan, Alaska, Red Beauty
brand. The cases are intact. From the
marks of the water on them it is plain
ihey have been in the water but a short
time, for the boxes have not even been
soaked through, and from this it Is
thought that the disaster must have oc
curred on nearby shores. The edges and
of the cases are hardly worn, and
Notwithstanding the action of the heavy
.fceas and the rolling on the rocks at the
beach evidences of friction are barely dis-
cernible.
"What is remarkable is that the salmon
cases did not begin to arrive until late
this morning and were blown In by the
wind from the direction of Bowen Island
and Point Gray, nine miles out. Ever
since that hour the cases have been float
ing In and salvers en the beach are reap
ing a bountiful harvest.
It can only be purmised from what boat
the fish have como. The Cottage City.
■"vhlch took the run of the City of Seattle,
left last Thursday on a trip to Sitka, and,
It Is thought, called at Icy Pass and Kan
akan. where she would take on salmon
at this time of year and in all probability
v.-ould have some of these brands. The
Icy Strait Cannery is owned by a com
pany In which Thomas Earle, M- P., was
the largest stockholder. Indeed virtual
proprietor. It is stated that the Cottage
City was more than likely to have some
of his pack on board for Eastern ship
ment. No Alaska salmon, it may be men
tioned, was stored at nearby points from
which it could have been washed.
VAB AMONG TAMMAirr
LEADERS GROWS BITTER
dominations cf J. F. O'G-rady and
Perry Belmont for Congress
Are Protested.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— xhe factional
differences among the Democrats of the
Seventh Congressional District over the
nomination of candidates for the seat in
Congress made vacant by the resignation
of Nicholas Muller reached the Election
Bureau to-day. The friends of Joseph F.
O'Grady, represented by Assemblyman
Bird Gardiner, filed protests against the
nomination of Perry Belmont and John E.
Dunneil. The main objection set forth
were of a technical nature and questioned
the legality of the nominating conven
tions.
To-night Perry Belmont filed objections
with the Eoard of Elections to the cer
tificate of nomination filed by O'Grady.
The objection* are that Belmont is the
nominee of the regular convention and
that O'Grady is not, In that the conven
tion which nominated O'Grady was not
legally called. Argument will be heard
on the objections on Saturday.
. The Greater New York Democracy in
convention to-night unanimously nom
inated Perry Belmont as its candidate
for the Seventh Congressional district.
Best Way of Waking TTp England.
L LONDON, Dec. 25.— As a Christmas at
traction the Dally News has been at
tempting to obtain the views of prominent
men on the best way of "waking up Eng
land," in view of American and German
commercial competition. The paper con
sulted Sir Thomas Sutherland, Kenric B.
Murray, secretary of the London Chamber
of Commerce, and others, only to discover
the greatest divergence in the views of the
persons questioned as to whether any real
necessity for "waking up England"
exists.
General Seamans in Critical Condition
• WASHINGTON*. Dec. 26.— There was a
eerious setback this afternoon in the con
dition of William M. Seamans, adjutant
general of California, but he rallied to
night. When his physicians left, at Jl
o'clock to-night, it was announced that,
although they still had hope, the patient
was in a critical condition.
Senator Sewell Rapidly Sinking.
CAMDEK, Dec. 26.— The physicians at-
United States Senator William J.
fcwell gave out the information to-night
that their patient was much weaker than
he was yesterday. Unless some Improve
ment be shown very soon the end is not
far distant
The San Francisco Call.
RIOTING SOLDIERS AGAIN WRECK
SALOON AND FEEL THE FORCE OF
MOUNTED ARTILLERY AND POLICE
GIVES A DEADLY
SERUM IN LIEU
OF ANTI-TOXINE
Negro Janitor Causes
t Deaths of Sixteen
Children.
ST. LOUIS, Dec. 26.-Before the teta
nus court of inquiry to-day Henry It.
Taylor, janitor for the chemical and bac
teriological divisions of the Health De
partment, admitted under oath that he
Issued for public use the toxic antl-dlph
theritic serum, which caused the -recent
deaths of sixteen children from tetanus.
He distributed the vials, properly label
ed, he said, because the supply of diph
theria antl-toxine had become exhausted
early In October, and he did not belle ve
that the serum was "bad enough to kill
children."
Taylor is a negro. He has held city po
sitions for many years. In addition, to
his duties as janitor he acted as assist-
ant to Consulting City Bacteriologist
Amand Ravold. More or less in the ca
pacity of an assistant he had charge of
the antl-toxine when it was in flasks and
after it had been poured into the vials
for distribution to physicians.
For two hours Taylor was closeted this
afternoon with Chief of Detectives Des
mond. Taylor was placed on the witness
stand with the Chief of Detectives at
his side. Mayor Wells advised Taylor to
give a distinct, true, connected relation of
facts appertaining to the toxic, serum.
Taylor then admitted that his former tes
timony, in which he swore that serum of
September 20 had not been distributed,
was false. Taylor said positively that he
gave out serum of the make of Septem
ber 30. This serum, it is alleged, was re
sponsible for the deaths of sixteen or
more children.
Taylor said the serum of September 30
was !not destroyed until after the trouble
began, and that he had been trying to
"protect the whole oflice."
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1901.
GENERAL YOUNG
SOON TO LEAVE
SAN FRANCISCO
Mac Arthur May Succeed
to the Command in
California.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— Major General S :
M. B. Young, at present in command of
the Department of California, will assume
control of the Departnfeit of the Lakes,
with headquarters here. The change,
which is made at his own request, will
take place March 1.
■ The transfer is in the line of promo
tion. On March 26, 1902, Major General
Elwell S. Otis will retire because of age.
He is at present in command of the De
partment of the Lakes, having resumed
this position on his return from the Phil
ippines. . j
The successor of General Young in the
California Department, it is believed
here, •will be General MacArthur.
LONDON LABOR LEADER '• .:'
DENOUNCES CARNEGIE
Says the American Millionaire Ought
to Buy Beef Instead of
Books.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— In an address at
Hull House to-night Ben Tillett, presi
dent, of the London Dockers' Union, who
is. in this country as the fraternal dele
gate to the convention of the American
Federation of Labor, said:
"Andrew Carnegie ought to buy beef
instead of books. If he had given hia
workmen more wages in the past he
would not have so much money to give
away now and his former employes would
be in a better condition." \ '
The audience .was composed principally
of trade unionists. . >'-'
President Entertains Dinner Party.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26. — President
Roosevelt to-night entertained a party at
dinner. The guests were: Secretary Root,
Attorney General Knox, - General Ran
dolph, Rear Admiral Robley. Evans, Sen
ator Lodge and Justice Clarke of New
York. *;*■?/■.' j'. !
A COMPANY OF THE EIGHTEENTH REGIMENT, LIGHT ARTILLERY,
CHARGING THE RIOTOUS SOLDIERS, THE PROPRIETOR OF WRECKED
SALOON AND A SOLDIER WHO WAS SERIOUSLY INJURED.
V
Cursing Mob Beats Retreat and Makes 4 a
Stand* in the Presidio Grove,/ Where
One Man Is Nearly Trampled to Death
TJJERE -was rioting outside the
Presidio gates again last night.
Angered by the severe repulse
they had received at the hands
of the police, provost guard? and
cavalry on Christmas day, the mob of in
furiated soldiers who tried to wreck Dave
Tarpey's and other saloons in the neigh
borhood returned to the attack last even-
Ing. Fully 1000 desperate men in blue
threw their fear of the police and natural
instinct to obey their superior officers to
the fbur^winds and charged pell-mell, like
a herd of infuriated cattle, on Tarpey's
saloon, and many crowded into the place
in wild disorder.
Louis Tarpey, the 16-year-old son of the
proprietor of the Vs'n mill," was in the
act of drawing a glass of beer, and one of
the soldiers picked up a chair and struck
him down with a blow on the head and
shoulders. \ Then the rioters demolished
everything 1 in sight, both in front and be
hind the bar, and rushed out again Into
the street and prepared to give the police
| a battle. Dave Tarpey and his son made
good their escape through the back way.
In the melee that occurred outside one
soldier was trampled down and terribly
mangled.
The assault was evidently planned with
deliberation. The recruits and . casuals
who participated in it were not under the
influence of liquor. ■
After wrecking Tarpey's saloon the an
gry soldiers engaged in another riotous
skirmish with the police, and a detach
ment of mounted light artillery from the
Eighteenth Regiment was dispatched to
the scene as quickly as possible after the
.first outbreak occurred. The police faced
the soldiers with their clubs, and the riot
ers, armed with sticks and rocks, beat a
sullen retreat.
* Several Shots Axe Fired.
Several shots were fired, windows were
broken and the shattered glass ' was
picked up by the rioting soldiers and
thrown in all directions. They yelled like
a band of Comanches. Vile epithets were
hurled at the police and the excitement
reached an intense pitch;
On Greenwich street the soldiers made
their first stand. Policemen : Hostetter,
Herlng, Rice and Stratton were on duty
in the neighborhood when the trouble
commenced. A. riot call was sent to the
North End and Central stations and Lieu
tenant Martin and a squad of police re
sponded from the Central and Sergeant
Campbell with another squad came from
the North End.
Saloon-keeper Tarpey barricaded his
doors after the soldiers left and then' ran
into the reservation . to. seek the protec
tion of the military authorities. While he
was gone . the mob of soldiers secured a
stout board, . and using it as a battering
'ram, splintered the barricaded doors of
the saloon and added a few finishing
touches to the work of wrecking the place.
About this time the police arrived and
charged the desperate mob with their
clubs.
The rioters retreated to Greenwich
street in front of the reservation and
assailed Anderson's^ saloon and the Can
teen across on Lyon street with mud and
rocks. They broke several windows and
a number of people were struck with the
flying missiles.
One Man Perhaps Fatally Trampled.
The police fought the mob gamely and
were gradually forcing the angry soldiers
inside the reservation when a detachment
of mounted light artillery, commanded by
Captain Rumbaugh, dashed up Greenwich
street toward the maddened throng. Cap
tain Miller, officer of the day, appeared
on the scene also with a big provost
guard, and they, too, engaged the mob.
The mounted artillerymen drove the riot
ers into the reservation and they then
entrenched themselves in the thick grove
of trees just Inside the gate. The soldiers
refused to go farther, thinking that the
mounted men would not pursue them into
the small forest. But In this they were
mistaken as more than one: of .the rioters
found to their sorrow. The mob hooted,
Jeered and howled at their mounted pur
suers, and this > enraged the artillerymen
beyond measure. Right on through the
thick grove of trees charged the artillery
men. They \ rode right . into the middle
of the throng and trampled some' of the
rioters down. William Hawley, a recruit
from Alabama, had enough liquor aboard
to be particularly ugly, and one of the
artillerymen knocked him 'down' and the
horse j trampled over his prostrate body,
inflicting injuries from which he will not
recover for many a day. When picked up
by a fellow-soldier ' shortly ' after the
trouble was quelled Hawley. was. uncon
scious. They removed him- to- the Gen
eral Hospital on'a stretcher, and Dr. Ben
nett, who was in charge, dressed hia in
juries. Hawley's left leg was shattered
and over and under his left eye there was
a gash bearing the shape of a horse's
hoof. Hawley had not regained conscious
ness up to a late hour last night, and the
physicians fear that he may have re
ceived severe internal injuries.
Fear Still Another Riot.
After the mounted soldiers had routed
the mob, the provost guard searched the
grove for stragglers. Several were found
and locked up in the guardhouse.
After l the ■ disturbance extra policemen
were stationed on Baker, Lyon and Green
wich streets, and as fast as any soldiers
showed up they were hustled into the
reservation. ■-:..:' /
None of the police who were mixed up
Continued on Page Three.
PANAMA CANAL
ROUTE MAY YET
WIN IN SENATE
Its Advocates Gaining
Adherents Among
Membera -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.-A Washington
dispatch to the Record-Herald says: It
may be Panama after all. As soon as the
holidays are over and Congress returns to
town, the battle of the canals is expected
to rage with great fury. Nicaragua still
ha3 the advantage, but it is not to be
permitted to carry off the honors with
out a struggle. Panama is developing un
looked for strength.
A private telegram from Paris received
here Indicates that the new Panama
Canal Company is prepared to submit to
the United States a definite offer of sale
at a value set by the Walker commission
namely $40,000,000. t'-c-j
If the Panama Company does submit
such an offer and includes in It all Its
property of whatever description, there te
at least a chance that the strong tide now
running in favor of the Nicaragua may
be stemmed.
In the Senate a strong Panama party is
developing. Influential Senators say pri
vately to your correspondent that they
are convinced Panama is by long odds
the better route, and that if any offer to
sell at the commission's valuation Is re
ceived, they declare it will receive favor
able attention at the hands of the Senate.
Roosevelt Party Reaches Quantico.
QUANTICO, Va.i Dec. 26.— The dispatch
boat Dolphin, with Mrs. Roosevelt and
party on' board, anchored oft Quantico
this afternoon. Soon thereafter the party
were conveyed In small boats to the isl
and of the Metropolitan Club, of which
they will occupy tfie c-iubrooms for the
night. The feeding ground of the ducks
have been carefully looked after since
the President visited here, and with an
improvement in the condition of tho
weather for this occasion some good sport
is likely. ,
Miles Passive Under Censure.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— General Miles
resumed his duties in command of the'
army at his office in the War Department
to-day. It is said that he has decided to
accept the situation with the best possi
ble grace and will say or do nothing to
continue the controversy. So far as
known, the incident will cause no decided
change In his prearranged plans, official
or social, for the Ature. .
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DEWET TAKES
BRITISH CAMP
BY SURPRISE
Four Yeomanry Compa
nies an.d Two Guns
Are Captured.
Lord Kitchener Telegraphs
His Fear That Casualties
Are Heavy.
Patriots Obtain Revenge for the Re
cent Successes of the Foe in
Bushing Their Laagers
at Night.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
LONDON, Dec. 26.— General Dewet has
taken revenge for the recent successes of
the British in rushing laagers at night,
and has captured a British camp In tho
eastern part of Orange River colony by
the use of tactics similar to these em
ployed by the British. The scene of the
reverse is within one of the areas of the
Boers' main resistance, where General
Dewet frequently foiled the British com
manders. The following brief dispatch
from Kitchener tells all at present known
of the affair:
JOHA.\.\ESBIRG, Dec. 2ft. — Handle
reports Colonel Firman'* on nip at
Zcefonteln «a<i.()neprsflfnllj- rushed
on the night of December 21 by a
considerable force of Doerii under
Dewet. I fear the casualties were
heavy. Flrman'a column consisted
of the Thirty-fourth, Thirty-fifth,
Thirty-sixth and Fifty-third compa
nies of Imperial Yeomanry, one gnu
of the Seventy-ninth Battery and
one pompon. They were sroardlns
the head of the blockhouse line
from Harrlamlth to Bethlehem. The
First and Second Imperial Lisht
Horse have gone In pursuit of the
Boers.
Beer resistance has always been very
strong in that part of the Orange River
colony which was the scene of General
Dewet's Christmas coup. A great quad
rangle of blockhouses is being built there,
the points of whieh are Vereeningen,
Volksrust, Harrismith and Kronstadt. At
the southeast corner of this quadrangle is
an open space, from Bethlehem to Llnd
ley, where tho square of blockhouses la
still Incomplete, and here Dewet mada
his attack. Colonel Firman's force
amounted to 400 men, and the disaster,
especially the loss of guns, the possession
of which may. enable Dewet successfully
to attack the blockhouses, creates a dis
turbing impression.
ISLAND OF ASCENSION, Dec. 28.—
When the British steamer Goth, from
South African ports, arived hero to-day,
a Boer prisoner, who had been smuggled
on board the vessel in a box at St.
Helena, was handed over to the British
naval authorities here.
AGREEMENT THAT STALLS
OFF WAR IS SATISFACTORY
Argentina Minister to the United
States Informed of the Agree
ment With Chile.
WASHINGTON, Dec. . 26.-The Argen
tina Minister, Dr. Garcia-Merou. to-day
received a dispatch from the Minister of
Foreign Affairs at Buenos Ayres announc
ing the satisfactory termination of the
Chile-Argentina trouble and giving the
basis of settlement. The dispatch is as
follows:
"The pending incidents with Chile have
been settled by agreement directly # wlth
the Government of that country and in a
satisfactory form. Chile gives explanation
of the opening of roads through the dis
puted territory, and both Governments
agree to withdraw the police forces which
they have maintained in the territory in
controversy, situated near the inlet of
Ultima Esperanza. . ALCORTA,
"Minister of Foreign Affairs."
Dr. Garcia-Merou expresesd himself as
highly gratified with the disappearance of
the war cloud, and pointed out that tho
terms of settlement showed that Argen
tina's earnest desire to maintain peace
had led her to make a considerable sacri
fice. By both forces withdrawing their
police from that locality the Government
ownership of the Ultima Esperanza ter
ritory becomes a question for arbitration.
DIAMOND CHAIN TAKEN ggj
. ' FROM EXPBESS PACKAGE
Robbery Occurs "While Gems Are in
Transit From 'Washington to
New York.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— A mysterious
robbery of a diamond chain valued at
$3500, of which either the Adams Express
Company or Shaw & Berry, a local jew
elry firm which shipped it to New York,
are probably the victims, occurred some
time between Sunday afternoon and this
forenoon. The jewelry was dispatched
from here to Joseph Frankel & Sons, No.
63 Nassau street. New York. When deliv
ered there was no evidence that the seal
had been tampered with, and the pack
age was not opened In New York until
to-day, when the chain was found miss
ing.
The stolen gems numbered 300, and were
set in a platinum lorgnette chain fifty
four Inches long. The package was made
up by the local firm under the personal
supervision of the proprietors, and duly
■registered. Detectives here and in New
York are working on the case. It is sup
posed that the package was opened by
some one acquainted with its contents,
the chain removed, and the package thea
restored to Its original appearance.
King Edward to Open Parliament
LONDON, Dec. 26.— It has been defl:itte
ly learned that King Edward wlU per
sonally open Parliament2
NAVY TO TEST
NEW TELEGRAPH
Takes the Initial Steps
Toward Using Wire
less System.
Armored. Cruisers to Be Pre
pared to Conduct the
Experiments.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— The Navy De
partment has taken the initial steps to
ward the adoption of wireless telegraphy
as a means of signaling between war
ships at sea. To this end Admiral Brad
ford of the bureau of equipment has
asked that the armored cruisers of the
Pennsylvania class have their masts and
rigging- so arranged that the wireless sys
tem can be introduced. This will necessi
tate the lengthening of the masts of the
ships and the insulation of the metal rig
ging by the use of a hemp covering for
the halyards. It is intended to get test
Fets of instruments of the various wire
less system now being operated. Thes3
include the Marconi system. Thus far,
however, the Navy Department has not
adopted definitely any system, but the
construction of the new ships is regarded
as a preliminary to the adoption of a sys
tem whenever its practicability is estab
lished. The British navy already has a
number of its ships equipped with the
wireless system, but this is the first move
on the part of tho American navy ta make
use of a wireless plan.
HALIFAX N. S.. Dec. 26.— The steam
er Bruce, with Signer Marconi en board,
arrived at North Sydney to-day. Marconi
was met by Mr. Smith on behalf of the
Canadian Government, Premier Murry of
the Nova Scctia Government and Mayor
McKenzie of North Sydney. Marconi and
the Government representatives held a
short conference, and Marconi afterward
expressed a desire to place on record his
appreciation <:f the courtesy shown him
by the Canadian Government and its de
sire to further his experiments. He thinks
it probable that a spot in Cape Breton will
be selected for a permanent station, and
he says that the point chosen must be
from 100 to 200 feet above the sea level.
Marconi will remain in Cape Breton a few
days and then proceed to Ottawa.
When asked as to the present stage of
his experiments in telegraphing across
the Atlantic, Marconi said that up to the
present only one letter, continuously re
peated, had beea received.
LXPEEES AND FHEIGHT
TKAINS 'IN COLLISION
Heet on p. Crossing and Four Passen
gers and Two Hailroad Men
Are Badly Injured.
CINCINNATI, Dec. 26.— Unable to see
the flagman's signal on account of the
fog. the engineer of the south-bound Chi
cago express on the Cincinnati. Hamilton
and Dayton road was unable to stop
his train at Hartwell to-day until it had
struck a freight crossing the track and
demolished three freight cars. Four pas
sengers and two trainmen on the express
were injured. They are: Brakeman
Payne. Chicago, hand bruised; M. G.
Leis, New York, elbow sprained; H. E.
Jacobs, New York, nose injured;
Charles Bloom, Chicago, eibow bruised.
Engineer John Spr-ncer and Fireman
Partkiw received slight bruises.
*ue wrecking train on the way to Hart
well met with an accident, killing Pat
McCoy and fatally injuring William Nip
per and Louis Tenbrink. The chain of the
crane broke and struck these three men
while the train was in motion.
BAULT STE. MARIE, Mich., Dec. 26.—
The local express which runs between the
Canadian Soo and Webbwood. Ont.. on
tbe Canadian Pacific collided with a light
freight engine a few miles east of Thes
ealcn last evening. Engineer McDivitt of
North Bay, cf the freight engine, was
killed. Several others were badiv injured.
LITTLETON. Colo.. Dec. 26.— The two
sections of a Santa Fe freight train col
lided here this evening. Twelve cars were
burned and the engine of the second sec
tion badly wrecked. The fireman and
engineer saved their lives by jumping,
but both were severely hurt.
CRUISER BROOKLYN WILL
SOON BETXTEN FROM JAPAN
Hear Admiral Hcdgers to Succeed to
the Command of the Asiatic
Squadron.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— It is said at
the Navy Department that orders will go
forward in a few days directing the
cruiser Brooklyn, the flagship of Rear
Admiral Remey, commanding the Asiatic
squadron, which is now at Nagasaki, Ja
pan, to proceed home to the United
States. Ine Kambow. now at New York,
will shortly leave for Oavite, where she
is to take the place of the Brooklyn as
the flagship of the commander in chief
of the Asiatic station. On her way to
Oavite by way of the Suez canal ' the
Kainbow will put ashore a detachment of
seamen drafted for service on the Euro
pean station. When Admiral Remey
leaves for home the command of the
Asiatic station will fall upon Rear Ad
miral Frederick Rodgers. Admiral Re
mey's departure will be followed at a
short interval by that of Rear Admiral
Kerapft, junior squadron commander on
the station.
Gasoline Yacht Reported Wrecked.
NORFOLK, Va., Dec. 26.— It was re
ported from Beaufort, S. C, to-day that
the gasoline yacht Onananiche, in which
the two sons of Thomas A. Edison, the
inventor, and the wife of one of them
with several friends, recently passed
through Norfolk en route to Florida wa
ters, had been wrecked on Cedar Island,
near Beaufort. No particulars came with
the report.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A COMMON TROUBLE.
Thousands Suffer From It .Without'
Knowing Its Heal Character.
No trouble :s more common or -more
misunderstood than nervous dyspepsia,
feople having it think that their nerves
ate io blame, are surprised that they are
liot cured by nerve medicines and spring
remedies; the real seat of the mischief
is lost Right of; the stomach is the organ
to be looked after.
"■Nervous uytpeptics often do not have
any pain whatever in the stomach, nor
perhaps any of the utual symptoms of
ctomach weakness. Nervous ayspepsia
shows itself not in the stomach so much
as in nearly every other organ; in some
casts the heart palpitates and is irregu-
iar; in others the Kidneys are affected;:
in others the Vowels are troubled, wlih
joes ot fleeh and appetite, with the ac-
cumulation of gas, sour risings and heari-
fcurn.
Mr. A. W. Sharper of No. Cl Prospect
St., Indianapolis, lnd., writes as follows:
"A motive of pure gratitude prompts me
to write these few lines regarding the
rew and valuable medicine, Stuart's Dys-
pepsia Tablets. I have been a sufferer
from rervous dyspesia for the last four
years; have used various patent medicines
and other remedies without anv favorable
result. They sometimes gave temporary
relief until the effects of the medicine
wore off. I attributed this to my sedentary
habits, being a bookkeeper with littfp
physical exercise, but I am glad to state
that the tablets have overcome all these
obstacles, for 1 have gained in flesh, sleep
better and am better in every way. The
Ebove is written not for notoriety, but is
based on actual facts."
Respectfully yours,
A. W. SHARPER,
Cl Prospect St.. Indianapolis. Ind.
It is safe to say that Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure any stomach weakness
or disease except cancer of the stomach
'1 ..ey cure sour stomach, gas. loss of flesh
and appetite, sleeplessness, palpitation
heartburn, constipation and headaches
fiend for valuable little book on stomach
oiseases by addressing Stuart Co., Mar-
fchall, Mich.
All druggists sell full sized packages at
C9 cents.
MATOS EQUIPS
IN EXPEDITION
Strong Force of Revolu
tionists to Invade
Venezuela.
Hopes to Accomplish the
Overthrow .of Fresident
Castro.
Special cable to The Call and New York-Her
cld. Copyright, lsui, by the Herald Pub
lishing: Company. • -. •■ - ■ :'.
FORT DE FRANCE, Martinique. Dec. \
26. — Great secrecy is being observed. »f- ';
garding a Venezuelan revolutionary' e.v- .|
pedition which is getting ready to start :
from here, but there are ind.cations tiiac
it will be an important movement against ]
President Castro. • . . i
The importance of the expedition 13 j
shown by the arrival of about 100 Vene-'j
! zuelans of prominence who are .'linking '
I their fortunes with Senor Manuel.. A-'. Ma-.
I los, perhaps the most powerful opponent
I at the present time of Castro, j Senor |
Matbs, who is a civilian leader of, tnt .
v tnezueian revolutionist.*-, is r.stfing hist \
wealth in tnis revolt against Castro S goy- j
c-rnment. ii.s money -s-De^ns. spent 1-ot.r- j
ally in equipping the cxpeuiuon.' '■ -
It is ceueveu inat the associates: of '!
Senor Aiaius wnl Le aole to collect a largj *
roliowing when'tney land in Venezuela,
and thai careiul pians have been laid tor ~ l ,
an Insurrection ti.at cattro will be uiiao;e v '
to trusn. „.. ; . ■ ■ 1
\\ h .e m;orir.at o.i in regard to tie p"lan.^ "
is dimcuit 10 obtain it is reported thiuJtaal
Venezuelans now nere will take .passage :
on the British sttamship isan High, wn.c.i' ,
arrived iroLa Antwerp tv.'o days ago aiid
which, it is satci* carries u large quantity 1
of arms and ammunition lor the infeui- j,
gent cause. There nas been no announi_e- ;
ment or when the lian Kigu will sail, bu ; ; H
it will not oe surpiising if she is sou.i i
seen off the \ tnezueian coast. Serior Ma • j
tos is still here.
Attitude of Colombia.
COLON, Dec. "!o.— Newspapers jflfet ie
ceived here irom coast towns in Coiomb.a
and V enezue.u have much to say ab^u;
the present status of the Venezuelan-Co •
lombian imbrogiiu. Tne "g.st or ■ the.e
newspaper articles is that each repubhc
is Etui tecrimlnaiing the other for permit
ting the mustering of amis, troops, am
munition, et«.., ar.u the actual Invasion ot'
territory in alleged violation of the lawtj
governing the illations ot friendly na
tions, 'l Kese newspapers contain no neWs
of a declaration 01 war by either Colom
bia or Venezuela. They set forth that the
policy of (.u.ombia is one of readiness to
meet any emergency, hence she will make
continued enorts to increase the number
of her troop 3 now on tne v'enezuian fron
tier. !•
The Colombian gunboat General Pin
zon, with 1w iroc:)s on. board, has left
Here for Rio Hacha. It is reported from
the interior of Colombia that there has
been no recent serious lighting there. A
lew Liberal insurgents .were round near
Honda, on the -Magdalena River. They
were easily defeated and dispersed by
the Government troops.
The Colombian Conservative General
Castro, considering it next to impossible
to surround the Liberal leader, Lorenzo,
;<nd his followers, who are now in La
Negrila Mountains, has come- to the con
ciusion that the Government's best pol
icy is to garrison thfe interior towns
strongly in the neighborhood of the Lib
eral retreat, thus cutting off Lorenzo's
supplies and ultimately forcing him to
surrender.
General Castro is an eld Indian
fighter. He has campaigned in the Gua
jira Peninsula and in the Colombian De
partment of Cauca. He is familiar with
the Indian tactics of warfare used by
Lorenzo.
Indiana Beaches Willemstad.
WASHINGTOfr, Dec. 26.— The Indiana
has arrived at Willemstad, island of
Curacao. There have been reports '.hat
there was? yellow fever at Curacao, and
as the Navy Department does not wish
to subject the crew of the Indiana to any
(larger inquiry was instituted by the offi
cials here to iearn whether the disease
was prevalent there. If there is any dan
ger the Indiana will not remain there.
Mail advices received at the. Colom
bian legation speak of the disturbed
financial condition of the country, .re
sulting from the strain of the rebellion.
Paper money has depreciated so that $45
in paper money is equivalent to only $1
in gold. Mr. Herran, the Charge at the
legation, said to-night: i
"The rebellion is now practically over.
There are only scatttered marauding
bands left, numbering not much more
than 300 men. These are in the Isthmus
of Panama and the state of Toulama, but
they, are being wined out rapidly. The
rebellion broke out in October, 1899, and
has cost the country the lives of 50 000
able-bodied men, the sinews of her pop
ulation, and $250,000,000 in money, and has
left the country in a state of exhaus
tion." • -
DRAFTS A N~EW MEASTJRE
TO REACH CORPORATIONS
Attorney General of Ohio Prepares
Stringent Bill at Bequest of
Governor Nash.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Dec. 26.— A bill has'
been drafted in the Attorney General's of
fice at the request of Governor Nash pro
viding- for a corporation tax in Ohio. The'
bill combines the features of the Little-'
field bill, now pending in Congress; the
New York law and some new ideas sug
gested by Governor Nash and Secretary
of State Laylin. It provides for publicity
In the affairs of corporations in Ohio
for penalties for perjury in making an
nual statements to the Secretary of State"
and for an annual tax on all corpora-'
tions doing business in Ohio. The bill:
will be carefully studied by Governor
Nash, and will be modified In some re- ;
specta before it Is Introduced In the Leg
islature.
SHOOTING OF PEEACHER
CAUSES GREAT EXCITEMENT
Zarmer Accused by Victim in. His
, Dying Statement Is Now Under \
Arrest.
PARIS, Tei., Dec. 26.— The people of;
this city and surrounding country are'
still greatly excited over the assassination
of Rev. J. N. McClintock, preacher and
farmer, near Deport. It is said that the
Rev. Mr. McClintock's ante-mortenv
statement implicated two persons, one
of whom, Howard McGill, a farmer, has
been arrested. • The horse owned and
fcuppored to have been ridden by the
other man implicated by the preacher in
his dying statement was found badly
wounded near the scene of the tragedy,
two or three buckshot having penetrated
Its shoulder. The other man has -hot
yet been found. j .
EXPERTS SAY MISS ROSS .
IS MENTALLY UNBALANCED
Chicago Physicians .Believe That
Treatment in a Sanitarium May
Restore Her Reason.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— The young woman
known as "Frances Ross," .who is sup-'
posed to have escaped from a Portland!
(Or.) convent, was adjudged insane here
to-day, experts testifying that she is suf-'
fering from religious melancholia. It Is'
believed by physicians at the hospital
that treatment in a sanitarium may re
store her reason.
"Miss Ross" talked freely on the wit-'
ness-stand, but would say nothing tend-
ing to - establish her identity. When taken
into custody here two weeks ago she
had nearly $3500 in cash and Jewelry on 1
her person. , i
Fire Routs the Chinese.
GRASS VALLEY, Dec. 26.— A fire at 5"
o'clock this morning swept half of China
town out of existence, entailing a, loss of
about $4000. A general alarm was sounded i
and with four streams of water playing
on the fire the department prevented the
destruction of the entire Chinese quarter I
The property was owned by John Ben- :
nett, Mrs. L. M. Barger and the estate of
J. P. Stone. ,.,-:-., ,-7
"■■"'' ' '■ -' . ..
TEE 5AN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1901.
CLEVELAND WILL LABOR TO INSURE
PEACE BETWEEN CAPITAL AND LABOR
Former President of the United States Writes an Earnest
Letter Accepting the Position .Offered to Him in the
Industrial Department of the NationalCivic Federation
«-^ o'EW YORK, 'Dec. 26.— Fornif.r
|^^ V. "President Cleveland has accept
8 : ed an appointment trt the Ivnlus-
A yj' '~trial Department of the National
Vn'fclvic Federation, created at tha
rocei'.tr. face conference of labor and cap
italistic lea'ders. His letter of acceptance
was ro-day delivered to Oscar Strauss,
chairman' of the conference. It was as
follows: ' ■ • -
"PRINCETON, Dec. 24, 1901.— My Dear
Mr. Strauss: Your letter of . the 18th inst.
is at haifd. Illness has confined me to my
room for, almost five weeks and I am now
hardly able to sit up and write this.
"My desire for the quiet and comfort
of absolute retirement from public or
semi-public service is very strong, and
grows stronger as trie days pass. I should
without hesitation yield to this and de
cline your request tnat I accept a place
among those . who are to seek the pro
motion of indpstrial peace by friendly" in
tervention In troubles between employers
and the employed if I were not afraid
that I should thereby disregard an im
portant duty. My reflections have made
it clear to me that I should accept the
place assigned to me, and I do so. with
an car:.:st wish that those selected to
actively represent the purposes' and mo-
RISE IN SUGAR
PINCHES BEARS
"Shorts" Are Treated to
Costly Surprise on
'Change. .
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— American Sugar
Refinery stock turned on the "shorts"
to-day and for a while financial fur
flew on the New York Exchange. Wall
street has been selling the stock of the
Sugar Refining Company lately with con
fidence and with a break in the price
from above 120 nearly to par. The con
fidence was born of the admitted enor
mous oversupply of raw sugars, both
beet and cane, throughout the world, the
announcements of cuts in prices by va
rious refiners and the ease with which
the stock had gone down, ro-day the
price of the stocK opened at 105&, falling
with scarcely any hesitation to 103%,
when it began to rally. .
The bears kept on bravely selling, for
they argued that the buying demand was
probably but a little covering of con
tracts by other "shorts,", who were go
ing to miss the real pie and only get the
crust. But the stock, though it dropped
a little' every now and then, kept stead
ily tending upward. Thousands upon
thousands of-snares were dealt In and
the bears were" plainly getting nervous.
The price finally got above 109 and there
was a rush of bears to cover. The
price ran "up^ in a few minutes from
108% to 112y 2 , fell to lllMsf then jumped to
113%, Closing at 112*4, a net advance of
6% points -for the day.,.. The sales were
195.&U0 shares- „•; ,,,- ...,,;,., *
WhilqVtAQ price of the. stock was jump
ing skjtward there were a lot of re
ports that did "not help to improve the
ieefingr3 of'-'tlie'TJfears.' It was said that
"things^Tiad -«naaTred-"up-- in -the -sugar
trade" ?:rthatr:?the war - was- over" ; that
an important- conference had been held
cl leading 'Stigar refinery interests at
which ■ a. "truce ' had been declared."
Down/. in the sugar districts, when
these reports 'were Investigated, there did
seem to' be'a'rt'improvement In- sentiment.
It was .-r.that rJames H. Post,
president: at the 'National -Sugar Refin
ing Company^ -had had a talk with Henry
O. Havemeyef, presldent"of the' American
Sugar -Refining Company., This was- the
basis for , the ;Wall street report that
there had been a conference at which
it wasn decided that all special discounts
should:, be withdrawn and that there
should be. no further cuts in prices.
Wall; street, after the close of tl^e mar
ket and. on. a -comparison of notes; some
how came to the conclusion that 'James
E. Keene had had something to .do with
the run-4n^ of .the sugar shorts. ..' r
Addresses Warning to .Masons.
ALBANY, N. Y.; Dec. 26.— Grand Master'
Charles Reed of the Free and Accepted
Masons of the State of New York ad-,
dressed a letter to-day to the lodges with-'
in his Jurisdiction- warning them against
clandestine. and. spurious lodges which he
learns are about to be established in the'
jurisdiction." He therefore counsels the :
craft to exercise great care in the ad
mission of visitors.-
No Charge. for Gold
Lettering on, Pocketbooks, ' Cameras,
Traveling Sets, Valises. Dress . Suit . Cases
and other fine, leather goods purchased at
our store. Sanborn.Vail & Co., 741* Market
street. V; -^.Tv; •
FORMER} PRESIDENT O*F THE UNITED STATES WHO WILL LEND
HIS TIME AND INFLUENCE TO THE: MOVEMENT FOR THE PRO
MOTION OF INDUSTRIAL. PEACE.
tives of your conference may not labor in
vain. Yours -ry^uly.
"Hon. Oscar S. Strauss, New York." •
NEW SECRETARY
OF AGRICULTURE
Prominent Kansan Men
tioned for. Place 'in _
the Cabinet.
OMAHA, Neb.. Dec. 26.— The Bee will
print an announcement to-morrow morn
ing based on direct information from, the
family of F. D. Coburn of Kansas to the
effect that the Kansan will be tendered
the portfolio of Agriculture in President
Roosevelt's Cabinet. Coburn is serving
his fourth term as Secretary, of tne
Kansa's State Board of Agriculture, and
his work in the advancement of husban
dry in his State has been widely ack-;
nowledged. ' . . .
Coburn only missed the appointment
by a narrow margin when McKiniey s
Cabinet was formulated, and his candi
dacy came at once into prominence again
when Secretary Wilson's friends saw
the impropriety of the Cabinet contain
ing two members from such an over
whelmingly Republican State as Iowa.
His appointment in this instance, it is
said, will follow at once upon the notice
of Secretary Wilson's retirement. .,
NEW MEMBER OF CABINET
MAKES A FORTUNE IN OIL
Former Governor Shaw Is a Largo
Owner in the Beaumont ;
Fields.
AUSTIN; Tex., Dec. 26.— Governor Les-;
lie M.-Shawj who. has been tendered the:
appointment of Secretary of the Treas
ury by tne. President, is another person
of national, prominence who has made a
big fortune out. of the Beaumont oil dis
covery. Governor'Shaw was one of the
pioneers in the development of the rice
growing industry in Western- Louisiana
and Eastern Texas. Through the efforts
of Governor Shaw and associates large
tracts of rice lands around Orange and
Beaumont, Tex., were developed by Iowa
colonists, and when the oil discovery was
made at Beaumont ten months ago they,
quickly proilted by the increased value
of their land, which doubled many times
within a few :weeks. In addition to this,
wealth derived from this rapid increase
in the value of his^ lands. Governor Shaw
is interested In -.several large oil compa
nies which are operating extensively in :
the Beaumont fields. It was stated here
to-day by men who are acquainted with
tiovernor Shaw's holdings around Beau
mont that the oil discovery has brought
him .a fortune of not less than $800,000.
He had the good fortune to be onv the
ground floor so far as owning prospective'
oil lands in that district was concerned. 1
DES MOINES, Dec. 26.— Governor Shaw
to-night received the following message
from - President Roosevelt, the.-, first he
has received direct from the President re
garding his appointment: " •
To Governor Shaw: I am dellffhted that
you have consented to accept portfolio of Sec
retary of Treasury. Have written.
. THEODORE ROOSEVELT.-
Discriminate Against Oil Fields.
I . AUSTIN. Tex.. Dec. 26.— Members of
the' Texas. Railroad Commission returned;
to-day from the Beaumont oil fields.,
where they "have been investigating < the
charge that the railroads were discrimin
ating against the oil fields by not fur
nishing transportation for the product. It
is said that several damage suits will be
instituted' against the railroads by ship*'
pers. ' • • '
Mr.. Strauss said in giving the letter to
the public that every man named on the
general committee had signified accept
ance of the trust and work.
ADOPT A SCHEME
OF ARBITRATION
Pan-American Delegates
Are Unanimous on
the Subject.
MEXICO CITY, Dec. 26.— A substantial
agreement on the subject of arbitration,
was practically reached to-day by the
several delegations to the Pan-American
conference. Contrary to what had been
anticipated, it is almost sure that the
agreement is unanimous, Including even
Argentina, which country, it was thought
would refuse to sign any but a compul
sory scheme of arbitration. The basis of
agreement is simply the Hague conven
tion. All the nations represented at the
S«?ffi"- en * ce ♦£* ?? exlco City, will become
ES£h?V? the Hague convention. They
m ? i °J n U independently, but as the
United States and Mexico are already
members of the Hague convention, It has
been concluded that they shall have the
Tn n o°H r Hi?f Int^ oduciI ?s the other nations!
n?w H on> *l he T n T a V on , s t0 tne conference
other than the United. States. Chile. Co
lombia, Ecuador, Nicaragua and perhaps
one or two others, will sign among them
selves a scheme of compulsory arbitra
tion, but still accepting the Hague tribu
nal and the Hague procedure. This com
pulsory plan hWvever. will have effect
only among the signatory nations and will
not have the official sanction of the Pan-
American conference. -
A sentiment is growing up in favor of
fl xlng January 6 as the definite date for
the closing of the conference.
HUNTERS FIND A BOJDY
IN A CHURCH STEEPLE
Make the Discovery When They Go
Into the Edifice to Escape a
i Rainstorm.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala.. Dec. 26.— The
body of a man was found in the steeple
of Mount Zion A. M. E. Church, on the
Gate City car line, about three miles from
this city by two hunters this afternoon.
Owing to the condition of the body the
Coroner cannot say whether it is that of
a white man or negro. The dead man
was well dressed and .by his side was a
arge knife. The- body lay on three blan
kets, and.it is a mystery how it got into
the steeple, as the only entrance la an
eighteen-lnch,hole in the belfry
The hunters had gone in the church to
get out of the rain and found the body. ,
Increased Mileage of Railroads.
CHICAGO, 'Dec. 26.-tfigures have Been
prepared by the Railway Age showl'i*
that railway building in the United States
during 1901 has been greater than it has
been for eleven years previous, the total
.approximating 5507 miles of line. In 1S'«1
the total was 5070, and in 1900 was 4-m
miles. The construction • for the year
added to the*. total mileage previously rf
ported, ; brings the total mileage of the.
country to approximately 199,370* miles
'IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
the .very latest' color process.
Eight pages in beautiful col-
' ors that are pleasing to the eye.
HANNA SKETCHES
M'KINLEY'S LIFE
Writes of Dead President
as He Knew Him for
Thirty Years.
Tells of the Qualities That
Won for Him Hosts of
• Loyal Frienda
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Dec. 26.— The January num
ber of the National Magazine will con
tain the first of a series of articles by
Senator M. A. Hanna on "William Mc-
Kiniey as I Knew Him." Senator Hanna,
through his close friendship for the mar
tyred President, Is enabled to write with
intimate knowledge of Mr. ■ McKlnley's
personal life and characteristics.' In In
troducing the article ne says:
It is something over thirty jears ago that I
first knew William McKiniey, a youn<j practic
ing attorney at Canton, Ohio. Strange as It
may seem, I cannot recall the cxa^t time or
piace wlien I nrs: met him. I know that It
was early in the seventies, and I have a recol-
Ivcuon of being atrangsiy attracted to the quiet
and methodical lawyer. Our acquaintance was
somewhat CKser after his elaction to Congress
and In some way I always felt a personal In
terest In his contests from time to time. Our
acquaintanceship was a simple growth of
friendship. Hia splendid work In tne cause of
protection aa a Congressman further attracted
me. This waa even before he had reached
prominence In Congress as a member of the
Ways and Means Committee. I never thought
of the possibility at that time of his becoming
a candidate for the Presidency and was not
especially active In politics except in so far as
exercising my influence in the interests of the
Republican party. Our tirst association politi
cally was in 18&O, when Ohio took a prominent
part in the campaign In Which Garflfld was
elected. . .
Senator Hanna, after describing the
steady growth of his friendship tor the
late President, writes that it was in 18SS
when McKinley developed a positive na
tional force. McKinley- was pledged with
the other delegates from Ohio to cast
their ballots in the convention for John
isherman. McKinley's name was brought
forward as a candidate and the loyal
speech he made in withdrawing won for
him the friends and supporters who after
ward joined their hands in making him
President. Writing of that occurrence,
Senator Hanna says of the dead Presi
dent:
Rare Qualities of Manhood.
His utterances in that convention are the
best index to his character that I know of.
and displayed In him those rare qualities of
manhood which convinced me that he was des
tined to becortie a great power In national poli
tics. And here for the first time it occurred
to me that he was a logical candidate for the
•Presidency in years to come. I was with him
In 1892 at Minneapolis, and as it will be re
membered, the demand from the people for
McKiniey as a candidate was even mere out
spoken and seemingly irresistible than at the
that it would have been an easy matter for
him . to have spoken and won the entire sup
port of the Blaine men, to say nothing of his
many admirers among those pledged for Har
rison. At that time it was evident to even
the most casual observer that sooner or later
I he would be placed in that high position for
which his talent and particular abilities quali
fied him.
The demonstration at Minneapolis convinced
mo that, although it wa» an impolitic thing
for his Interests to nominate him there, that
in the next national convention the popular de
mand for his candidacy would override all op
position.
The condition of the country that followed
the election of 1892 so clearly denned him as
the one man of all others in public life to
lead the Republican party that I felt that h:s
nomination was assured.
As early as 1S04 I began to feel the pulse
of the people; that Is, the rank and file, busi
ness men. laboring men, traveling men and
manufacturers, to' learn. how far the sentiment
for McKiniey had taken hold. .It required only
the opportunity for the people of the Northern
States to express their sentiment on the sub
ject, and the result St. Louis lustifled the
expectations of his friends anjl admirers and
gave proof of the correctness of their Judg
ment in believing him to be the one man who
fitted the situation and Insured the success of
the party. •
Had Great Confidence in His Friends.
Senator Hanna managed the campaign
that followed and writes interestingly of
how McKinley's strong and noble person
ality contributed to its success:
■ His entire and complete confidence In those
who were conducting the affairs of the cam
paign stimulated them to their utmost efforts,
inspiring in them a desire to show their ap
preciation of this confidence and trust in them.
1 don't believe that any other political cam
paign in the history of the Republican party
ever demonstrated such a growing Interest and
enthusiasm, and above all confidence, in the
personality of the candidate, which continued
to grow and increase from the opening of the
campaign to the great climax of flag day,
which marked an epoch in the campaign of
l$OtJ.
If there were any dark days in the campaign
It waa during the earlier weeks of the work.
It was at that time that William McKiniey in
his conversation with us showed his buoyant
spirit and his strong faith in the common peo
ple of the country, believing that they would
meet and solve the question right and indorse
the principles which were to bring relief to all.
lie insisted that all that was necessary was to
make them understand the cause and effect of
the principles advocated by both parties. • • •
His victory was greater in its triumphal
faith of the people in him than merely in the
choice of himself as President of the United
States. This was the subject that In after
years we often talked about, and it was a
beautiful thing to me to see how much he
realized and appreciated the confidence which
had come to him as a result of his abiding
faith in the people. If there had been no other
motive, thi3 waa the great incentive for him
to use all the power and talent with which he
had been endowed to give the people in return
for their confidence his best life work. And
he consecrated the best efforts of his life to
fulfill their expectations.
My associations with him during the yearj
of executive life gave me further opportunity
to appreciate aa I never had before the great
reserve force which he possessed. He seema
to have met every emergency and the unusual
problems and annoying complications of the
times in a masterful way. These conditions
furnished the opportunity for him to demon
strate his enormous talent and ability for suc
cessfully solvlne every problem, rising to the
full measure of every situation and overcom
ing' all obstacles.
Won the Respect of All Classes.
And then the summing of It all In that beau
tiful death, which was so characteristic of his
career, is one almost unequaled In history.
He has won the admiration, love and respect
of all classes of his own people and of all na
tions.
After briefly referring to the sad ending
of McKinley's life. Senator Hanna con
cludes the article:
It la difficult for me to express the extent
of the love and respect which I, In common
with many others, felt for him personally. The
feeling was the outgrowth of an appreciation
of his noble, self-sacrificing nature. My af
fection for him and faith and confidence In him
always seemed to be reciprocated, to the ex
tent that there was never an unpleasant word
passed between us, and the history of his ad
ministration, his Cabinet and his associations
with public men, so entirely free from Intrigue
or base selfishness, I think will be a splendid
example to the youth of the coming genera
tions. There was nothing in the expression of
his face or manner denoting, exultation over
his victory when it wa3 announced that he was
elected President. He seemed to realize fully
the sacred responsibilities placed upon him, and
the Quiet dignity and self-possession which'
marked the man' then and In days after were
Just what his personal friends expected of him.
The first day I greeted him after he was In
augurated at the White House in the course of
our conversation I Inadvertently called him
"Major" and "Governor," and when I stopped
to correct myself, he would say, "Each one Is
fitting; I'm not particular which."
ZIONIST CONGRESS OPENS
WITH A LARGE ATTENDANCE
President of the Conference Expresses
Absolute Confidence in the
. Colonization Movement.
BASLE, Switzerland, Dec. 26.— The Zion
ist Congress opened here to-day under th"
presidency of Dr. Theodore Herzl of Vienl
na, the founder of the Zionist movement
in Palestine. The congress is attended by
more than 1000 delegates, representing
every important country in the world
with the exception of Australia.
In the course of his opening address
President Herzl referred to his audience
with* the Sultan last May, in which the
Sultan expressed his sympathy with the
Zionist movement and said he considered
; the Jews to be desirable colonists and
'declared himself their friend.
Dr. Herzl said that he had absolute con
fldence in the national colonization move
ment. and believed this would succeed
where efforts toward charitable coloniza
tion had failed.
ALL
ABOUT
TUP
BIG
PIANO
SALE
r
Yesterday's Sales
Far Exceeded
the Previous
Two Days,
Many Do Not Understand It-
A Plain Statement of Facts
and Conditions — A Straight-
forward Proposition,
x
Any Piano Sold at This Sale and Not
Found Exactly as Represented
May Be Kept by the Recipient
Without Further Payment on the
Contract— We Mean Business —
Everything Must Be Found Satis-
factory or No Sale.
"Two weeks ago my partner paLSv $625
for a piano not nearly so fine as the> <?n«
I have just bought for $3S5," said a. de-
lighted buyer at Ellers Piano Company*b
sacrifice sale yesterday. "And," he conr
tinued. "if the public only knew what *
veritable bonanza is presented to piano
buyers here you would not have a slngla
pianc for sale this evening."
Many do not understand how it is pos-,
sible for us to sell these filter n§w pianos
at such a tremendous reduction' in price.
But it la simply this: Before January 1 we
must turn this entire wholesaler stock of
pianos into cash or interest-bearing notes.
The question of profit or even coat does
not enter into the proposition at all and
■when you realize that it costs an ordinary
dealer an enormous amount of money to
sell a piano at retail, not to say anything
of the freights and actual factory cost of
the instrument, you will understand the
difference that exists between the actual
wholesale factory cost and the retail sell-
ing: price.
But time is the important consideration
in this matter. If you wish to take ad-
vantage of this money-saving opportunity
you will have to act at once. Now, right
now, to-day, ia the time for you to at-
tend to this, while the assortment i3 com-
plete. You will find here now the most
beautiful display of pianos ever seen in
San Francisco, instruments of the highest
grade that ordinarily could not be secured
for less than 760O or $625, and which are
now being 'sold for $3S5 and $368.
Don't fail to investigate the merits of
these superb New "Scale Kimball Pianos.
They are winners. The Kimball factories
are, by many odds, .the greatest on earth
''and the immense establishment is kept
busy .night and day to supply the enor-
mous* demand for this wonderful piano.
Its success is simply unprecedented in
th'e history of the piano- trade. Not even 1
in existence a dozen years ago, the Klm-
ball is universally . recognized to-day aa
the leading piano of the world. The
world's greatest musicians and artists,
the great American music schools and
nearly ninety thousand American and
European homes are ever bestowing glow-
ing encomiums upon the Kimball piano
and the faultless construction and un-
equaled durability of these instruments
fully merit this unstinted praise.
Ir these days of keen competition an
article must Indeed be faultless to excel.
The unparalleled sale of the Klmball
piano fully demonstrates the fact that It
has achieved a reputation which prom-
ises to be as enduring as the love of mustc
itself. See these beautiful, latest style
Kimball pianos that are also Included In
this sale.
Here are these largest size walnut or
oak cased Schirmer Upright Pianos fop
$117. They are considered worth SZO
everywhere. Thesa pianos have three
pedals, revolving lockboard, continuous
binges and full length music desk; three
strings throughout.*
The regular $300 styles, which have
never been sold even In the East for less
$275, can now be secured for $137 and the
fancy styles, also having three pedals, axe
now offered for $156— not necessary to pay
all cash down, either. Easy monthly
payments buy them.
. No one in San Francisco will live Ions
enough to ever again see such chofcif
makes as these new Steinway, Klmball J
Bstey, Emerson, Milton, Cramer, Whit-
ney and other fine pianos sold within a
hundred and fifty dollars of the prices at
which we are now offering them. Thla
seems simply preposterous, but neverthe-
less it Is true.
Look into this before it is too late.
Don't miss this sale if the saving of
money is an object.
See these beautiful, fancy mahogany,
English oak or mottled . walnut cased
Cabinet Grand Upright Pianos, regular
retail price $550, now $337 and $330. Thirty
dollars down and $12 a month buys them.
And these fancy genuine English mot-
tled walnut, regular $500 styles, for $2&7.
Twenty-five dollars down and $10 a month
if vou like.
All of these pianos are new; all ara
fully guaranteed and any piano sold at
thin sale that is not found exactly ai rep-
.resented after delivery can be retained by
the recipient aa a present without paying
another dollar upon the contract, or
piano may be returned and money will be
refunded if desired. Bear this in mind.
Everything shall be found here open and
above board and as represented or no sale.
Remember the street and number, >¥J5
Market street, upstairs, second floor, at
our wholesale warehouse in the Bishop
building. Take elevator. Eiiera Piano
Company, Wholesale and Retail Piano
Dealers. Stores at Frisco, Portland, Or.,
and Spokane, Wash.DEATH ROPES
SHOWN IN COURT
Grewsome Exhibits Ap-
pear at the Trial in
Alturas.
Calm Settles on Lawyers
and Witnesses After
Christmas.
Special Dispatch to Tto» CaU.
ALTURAS, Dec. 2S.-A considerable
measure of yuletlde good-will infused into
la* yers -- and witnesses in the Lookout
lynching: case rendered the proceedings
unaramonly serene to-day.
Tha harsh word and the ominous threat
were eliminated, the attorneys addressed
each other with Chesterfieldian grace of
manner and tone and there was not the
remotest suggestion of the recent tem
pestuous scenes which have already made
the trial one of the most picturesque ever
held in California.
Whether this be a lull before the wind
blows up the storm or a settled course of
conduct no one ventures to conjecture.
The people hereabout are maintaining a
resolute silence in nearly everything that
appertains to the exciting old practice of
lynching.
One of the interesting features of to
day's session was the examination of the
ropes used In hanging the five men.
The first witness this morning was Dr.
C. M. Tinsman of Adin. He was the phy
sician at the inquest held over the bodies
of Calvin Hall, Frank and Jim Hall. Dan
"Vantis and Martin Wilson at Lookout.
He stated that he made a thorough exam
ination of the heads and necks of the
men lynched, but did not examine the
bodies, and could not state positively as
to any other mutilation than the breaking
of their necks. Ke noticed no signs of
violence about their faces. He believed
that they came to their death by strangu
lation.
Sheriff B. B. Street testified relative to
the position of the Lookout bridge, and
stated that the body of Martin Wilson
was in a hall in Lookout when he arrived
there.
C. R. Harris of Adin, Justice of the Peace
an4 acting coroner at the inquest, was
nc%: put upon the stand. Harris stated
thai he went to Lookout on the 31st of
May to hold an inquest. The ropes with
which the men were hanged were brought
in by the clerk and Harris Identified them
as the ropes with which Calvin Hali,
Martin Wilson. Bill and Frank Hall and
Dan Yantis were swung from the bridge.
The ropes are all strong ones, each about
three-quarters of an inch in diameter, and
at the end of each is a regulation hang
man's knot.
Harris Etated that when he first saw the
bodies at Lookout the ropes were etill
around the necks of men. Harris tagged
the ropes himself and had his wife write
the names on the tags. Harris was not
positive whether the hands of Martin
Wilson were tied or not. He believed that
the hands of all save one were tied. Cal
vin Hall was barefooted, the Indians had
on socks but no shoes and Dan Yantis
had on shoes. He saw Calvin Hall. Jim
and Frank Hall and Dan Yantis buried.
All were buried in the same grave, which
was dug just large enough for four cof
fins. Martin Wilson was buried separate
ly. All tne coffins furnished were of good
material.
SOME SAY KTVTATTfPOX;
OTHERS, SKIN DISEASE
Conflict cf Helical Opinion Kegard
ing an Affliction of Residents
of Randsburg.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec 26.— The discov
ery has been msfie through the arrival of
Amos Lichty at the County Hospital from
Randsburg that about twenty residents
of that place are afflicted with smallpox.
The disease had been pronounced a skin
affection and but little attention was at
first paid to it. Later so many were
taken ill that a physician was called from
this city. He also pronounced the causes
skin disease. Dr. Schafer, the County
Physician, was also called to Randsburg
and be stated that the cases were those
cf smallpox.
Lichty has been removed to the pest
house and the Board of Supervisors has
been notified. Many residents of Rands
burg are cf the opinion that the malady
is not smallpox, and an expert may be
called to give his 'views.
A T> V K K-TTRT^TVi ft [JTf*.
How About
Your Heart
Feel your pulse a few minutes.
Is it regular? Arc you short of
breath, after slight exertion
as going up stairs, sweeping,
walking, etc? Do you have
pain in left breast, side or
between shoulder blades, chok-
ing sensations, fainting or
smothering spells, inability to
lie on left side? If you have
any of these symptoms you
certainly have a weak heart,
and should immediately take
MUeV Heart Cure
Mr. F. H. Oaks of Jamestown, N. Y,
j whose genizl face appears above, says:
"Excessive ose of tobacco seriously
affected raj heart. I suffered severe
pains about the heart, and in the left
shoulder and side; while the palpitation
would awaken me from my sleep. I
began taking Dr. Miles' Heart Cure
and soon found permanent relief."
Sold by all Drucdsts.
Dr. MHes Medical Co., Elkhart, Ind.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
COAL, COKE AND PICI IRON
Jr n TT Cnv tri 900 Battery Street
• V- IT ILjvM tt V(l'« Telephone Main 18 H.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
TIC D.IVCC £■ CC\ Shipping Butchere, 104
JAj- oUltb & VV Clay. Tel. Mam 1294.
OILS.
LUBRICATIXG OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS,
V418 Front et.. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
PRINTINQ.
E- C» HUGHES Bll Sansome St.. B. F.
PRINTERS, »BOOKBINDERS
THE HICKS-JVDD CO.,
23 First street. Ban Francisco.
GOVERNOR ROGERS OF WASHINGTON
CALLED BY DEATH AT OLYMPIA
Chief Executive of the State in the North
west Passes Away After Being 111 a
Few Days From an Attack of Pneumonia
OLYMPIA. 'Wash., Dec. 26.—Gov
ernor John R, Rogers died this
evening at 8 o'clock after an Ill
ness of six days. This morning
he began to sink and passed into
a comatose state. He grew steadily weak
er throughout the day. The collapse was
a surprise to his physician and family, as
he rested better last night than he had
since his illness began. He took some
nourishment this morning, but became
unconscious about 9 o'clock.
Mrs. Rogers and the Governor's daugh
ters Mrs. Blackman and Miss Helen
Rogers, were at his bedside all day. The
Governor's son, Edwin Rogers, who Is in
London, was cabled, and F. J. Roger?,
the Stanford University professor, and
A. C. Rogers of Santa Barbara were sent
for. Ernest Lister, William Blackman
and Private Secretary Peletiere, together
with Chief Justice Reavis and Justice
White of the Supreme Court were in at
tendance at the house during the day.
The first symptoms of Governor Rogers'
illness developed Friday. Friday after
noon at his office he contracted a chill. A
fever resulted and by 10 o'clock Saturday
morning the Governor began to complain
of pains in his chest. The fever increased
slightly and the pains became' quite se
vere. Sunday the first reports of his
condition were given out. It was an
nounced that he was suffering from lobar
pneumonia, the middle lobe of the right
lung being affected. He was attended by
Dr. Ingham of Olympla.
While he was acknowledged to be serl-
STEAMER'S CARGO
IN FIRE'S GRASP
Shinano Maru Arrives
in Port With Blaze in
Her Hold.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Dec. 25.— The Shinano Maru,
of the Nippon Yusen Kaisha, arrived in
Port Townsend harbor at 4 o'clock this
morning with fire in her hold. A hurri
cane was blowing at the time and her
signals of distress were not responded to
from shore until after daybreak. British
Vice Consul Oscar Klocker then put off in
the steamer Wildwood, and, running
alongside, learned from the captain that
the flames were consuming his cargo. Al
though by the hard work of the crew the
blaze had been well confined, it had been
impossible to suppress It.
Meager details of the Shinano's plight
were brought to Seattle this even
ing by storm-belated steamers arriving
from Port Townsend. The hurricanes of
Christmas night prostrated telegraph and
telephone wires to all down-Sound points.
When the Wiidwood put back from her
visit to -the Japanese liner she met the
steamer North Pacific, Just starting for
Seattle, and passed the information.
The steamer Alice Gertrude, leaving
Port Townsend shortly after the Nortn
Pacific, brought word that when she left
the Shinano was pulling alongside of one
of the city docks, presumably to get
within reach of the local Fire Depart
ment.
F. M. Studley, Seattle agent of the
Nippon Yusen Kaisha, left for Port
Townsend on a chartered tug imme
diately on receipt of the news. He ex
pected before reaching that city to over
haul the tug* Pioneer, which is bound
down the Sound and which is fully
equipped for fire fighting." He carries or
ders for the Pioneer to render all pos
sible assistance.
The Shinano left Seattle on Decemb'er
18 bound for Oriental ports. She carried
a cargo of Great Northern freight valued
at 5400,000, consisting chiefly of flour, cot
ton, machinery and structural steeL
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, -FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1901.
EXECUTIVE WHOSE DEAJH
WAS CAUSED BY PNEUMO
NIA AT OLYMPIA.
ously 111, his condition was not considered
dangerous. The Governor was known to
be a man of regular habits and strong
constitution, and although in one of his
advanced years pneumonia is never to be
lightly considered, it was thought that he
would pull through. It was to-day that
the first turn for the worse came. By
afternoon he was very weak and the end
was expected at any moment. He was un
conscious and therefore free from pain.-
He lingered until 8 o'clock to-night, when
he expired.
John R. Rogers was born In Brunswick,
Me., September 4, 1838. From 1852 to 1856
he was a drug clerk in Boston and for
the next four years was engaged in the
drug business in Jackson, Miss. He
taught school for several years in Illinois
and in 1876 moved to Wichita, Kans.,
where he was editor of the Kansas Com
moner. During his residence in Kansas
Governor Rogers became a Farmers* Al
liance organizer. In 1890 he removed to
the State of Washington, where he was
elected to the Legislature. In 1896 he was
elected Governor on the fusion ticket and
re-elected in 1900. Governor Rogers was
the author of several works on political
economy, among them "The Irrepressible
Conflict, "Looking Forward" and "The
Inalienable Rights of Man."
/%. nr £*°; M< = B rtde. Lieutenant Governor
of the State of Washington, who will be
come Governor came to this State from
California in 1884. In California he taught
school and studied law prior to his re
moval to this State. He located first at
Laconner. in Skagit County, where in 1885
he established a weekly newspaper at
T he «n S rS me tlme Practicing his profession.
In 1887 he removed to Mount Vernon the
county seat of Skagit County, where he
now resides. In the same year he formed
a law partnership with General E M
Carr and Harold Preston of Seattle The
firm name was McBride, Carr & Preston
It continued in business for two years
when it was dissolved by mutual con
sent.
In 3S89 McBride was elected a Superior
Judge, serving four years. At the close
of his term he assumed a prominent part
In the State politics and has been prom
inent in Republican councils ever since
In 1900, at the Republican State Conven
tion at Tacoma. he was nominated for
Lieutenant Governor, Senator Frink being
the candidate for Governor.
SAYS HE SENT
HER A COFFIN
A Spokane Woman Ac
cuses a Suitor of a
Ghastly Joke. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SPOKANE, Wash., Dec. 26.— George
Reno, who was a suitor of Miss Lulu
Mercler of this city, is charged by the
young lady with having sent her a coffin
as a Christmas present. Another woman
says she received a ■ similar gift from
Reno.
Reno Is a brakeman. Miss Mercler has
known him for some time and declares
that his attentions were objectionable to
her. She accuses him of writing im
proper letters to her and on this score
she haa him arrested.
On Christmas eve two shots were heard
outside of the Mercler home. When tho
family went to the door they stumbled
over a small coffin lying on the doorsten
It was about three feet long and perfectly
made. A few minutes later, Miss Mer
cier says, Reno called her up by tele
phone and asked her how she liked her
present. \
Yesterday Mrs. Ellis, an employe of a
dry goods store, received a package bv
messenger. She unwrapped it and discov
ere£ t0 o5 er horror tha t it was a small
cofnn. She says a note accompanied the
?i« l in wh 'ch Reno said the coffin was for
S S who e ie C st r ory? lder SlSten Ren0 denle3
+— : ; ' ,t.
IN 1TEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
the very latest color process.
Eight pages in beautiful col-
ors that are pleasing' to the eye.
Burning "Wood and Leather
With our new Pyrography Machines is an
artistic pleasure that any one, can enjoy
at small expense. Colored skins and all
kinds of wooden articles for burning as
well as designs to work from at Sanborn
Vail & Co.'s, 741 Market street. • '
LUCKY MINERS
STRIKE RICHES
Gold Is Found on Seven
Creeks by Northern
Prospectors.
Trapper Whos9 Home Was
in Lbdi Suddenly
Disappears.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Dec. 26.— Seven new and rich
gold-producing creeks have been discov
ered in the Koyukuk district since last
summer. This news was brought to Daw
son December 4 by. Peter Dow,' a pros
pector, who. arrived from the head of tho
Middle Fork after traveling • thirty-six
days.
Dow states that the new streams will
rank among the best in Koyukuk camp.
His reports are corroborated by private
letters which he brought. The new creeks
are Hammond, Union, Wiseman, Noman,
Swift, Vermont and Vista. Pans have
been taken from Hammond Creek ranging
from $2 to $20. The other streams were
yielding almost as good results.
Dow discovered Hammond Creek, and
says the gold Is on bedrock at the ex
ceedingly shallow depth of two to four
feet. It lies In crevices and is worth as
high as $19 60 per ounce, containing nug
gets as large as butter-beans. Hammond
Creek has been staked for eight mlle3.
It has high, rugged mountains on either
side. The discoverers took $800 from Un
ion Creek in two days, including a $59
nugget.
Thomas W. Rathbun, a trapper, whose
only relatives reside at Lodi, Cal., per
ished in the Cascade foothills, along the
Big Klickitat River. . He has not been
seen since November 19. The day pre
vious he walked thirty-five miles on snow
shoes to Ahtmum for provisions. He pur
chased these and started back over the
divide, but was not seen again. Rathbun
had been trapping there for years. He
received mail at North Yakima from C.
W. Rathbun of Lodi, who is believed to be
his brother. Slight suspicion exists of
foul play, as he had recently converted
his furs into cash.
RIOTING SOLDIERS AGAIN WRECK,
Continued from Page One.
In the dangerous free-for-all fight were
injured. Lieutenant Martin's squad con
sisted of Policemen Attrldge, Baxter,
Maloney, Fenner and Brodt. Those who
came from the North End station were
Officers Butterworth, Larkin, Webster,
Dougherty, Lyon, Stratton, Cavanaugh
and Ottson.
It is the general belief of those -who pre
tend to know the situation at the Pre
sidio \that the casuals and recruits will
make another attempt to wreck Tarpey's
saloon and others In the vicinity. The
police will be especially vigilant, however,
and with the assistance of the military
authorities they hope to cope -with the
dangerous situation. In the mixup last
night many of the rioters would have
been arrested had not the mounted men
driven them into . the reservation so
quickly.
"A policeman can do more good help
ing to drive a big mob back," said Ser
geant Campbell last night, "than he can
trying to arres"t one of them."
David Tarpey stated after the trouble
that he was 'Of the opinion that the sol
diers intended to sprinkle his place with
kerosene and then set the saloon on fire.
This theory is not credited by the police.
TEND BAB IN ARMY BLUE.
The "front door" of the Presidio had
resumed its -wonted daytime quiet yes
terday morning, following the nrst riot,
and the official records at the post con
tain no evidence that a howling mob had
raged through the saloon-lined s-treets
just outside the Presidio eates. .
In the Police Court, however, there was
a different story. Judge Conlan convicted
thirteen of the fifteen soldiers arrested t»y
the police on charges of disturbing the
peace. He deferred sentence till this
morning, and unless Colonel Rawles pre
fers to have them punished in camp Judge
Conlan will give them heavy sentences.
Colonel Rawles Is bitter toward the
Police Commissioners for permitting
saloons of the character common along
Greenwich and Baker streets to do busi
ness at the very agates of the Presidio.
Tarpey's place was only recently opened.
C. E. Ritter, who was recently refused a
license, has built a new place across the
street from Tarpey's and has secured a
saloon license. There are fifteen saloons
in the vicinity and at least twelve of them
are dives that are a constant menace to
the peace of the Presidio.
"If the municipal authorities," said
Colonel Rawles, "would suppress a lot of
these hell holes it would be a source of
great satisfaction to us here at the post."
. The existence of the dives licensed by
the Police Commissioners at the Presidio
gates is a cause of disorder that Is further
aggravated by a condition of things that
Colonel Rawles cannot charge to the civil
authorities. William Ross, .the soldier
bar-tender, who was the cause,^ innocent
or otherwise, of the ChristmaSr riot, serves
Uncle Sam as a private of the Seventieth
Coast Artillery and when he goes off duty
he tends bar for Dave Tarpey in the uni
form of Uncle Sam. David C. Tarpey, son
of the saloon man, is a member of the
Hospital Corps. He also tends bar in the
army blue and would have been in the
melee last night except that at present he
is sick i In the general hospital. He has
eleven months to serve yet, after which,
he says, he will become proprietor of the
saloon. The license stands in his father's
name only because he could not take one
out while In the service.
Asked if it were permissible for a sol
dier to tend bar when off duty, Colonel
Rawles said yesterday that it certainly
was not.
"The fact has not come to me officially,"
Colonel Rawles continued. "I heard of It
only through the papers. It will be in
vestigated and a stop put to such thrift."
Ross was not seriously injured by the
knife cut in the back and yesterday morn
tng he was discharged from the hospital
and sent back to duty.
Major J. B. HIckey, in command of the
four troops of the Eleventh Cavalry now
at the Presidio, yesterday investigated
Ross' charge that a corporal of the
Eleventh was the man who stabbed him
Major Hickey found that none of his men
was concerned In the riot and Ross ad
mitted to him that he did not know that
the man belonged to that regiment. As
there are cavalrymen'"' .among the'
"casuals," who were most numerous
among the rioters. Major HIckey is » con
vinced that the corporal who stabbed
Ross belongs in that camp. '■.■■*
FILLED WITH RECRUITS.
The casual camp at the Presidio is near
ly filled with recruits and more men are
arriving dally. Several hundred new men
are also scheduled to report at headquar
ters before the end of the week. The War
Department has ordered that 750 soldiers
be ready to leave for Manila on the Sheri
dan January 1, so that the congestion will
be relieved to some degree. The officers
who will command the detachment during
the voyage are Major T. F. .Davis, Fif
teenth Infantry; First Lieutenants C. B
Rodney, Fifth Cavalry, and R. K. Smith
Twenty-eighth Infantry, and Second Lieu
tenants J. V. Kuznik, Ninth" Gavalry
Charles Keller, Third Infantry; E. A
Keyes, Sixth Cavalry; H. D. Mitchell,
Sixteenth Infantry, and J.' A. , Higgins
Thirtieth Infantry.
Captain Arthur Johnson, now on duty at
the Presidio, has been ordered on recruit
ing service and will spend the next two
years at Evansville, Ind. Lieutenant J. S.
Fair, in command of Company 2 of the
convalescent camp on Angel Island, has
been ordered to take his men to Benlcia
Barracks. . , '
The court-martial now In session at the
Presidio has sentenced Thomas F. Gar
vin, Company 105, Coast Artillery, to dis
honorable discharge and one year's im
prisonment at Alcatraz for allowing
prisoners to escape. William G. Ryan,
Troop M. Fifteenth Cavalry, convicted of
absence without leave, has been- fined $60
and sentenced to six months' imprison
ment. • Fred Knowles, Troop H, Fifteenth
Cavalry, convicted of manslaughter, was
sentenced to dishonorable discharge and
eighteen months' imprisonment at Al
catraz. • . 7 :-■'-.
MACLAY IS SUMMARILY OUSTED
FROM HIS NAVY-YARD POSITION
President Proctor of the Civil Service Com
mission Sustains the President's - Ac
tion in Removing the Traducer of Schley
NEW YORK, Dec. 26.— Edgar
Staunton Maclay, who refuses -to
resign as special laborer in the
office of the general storekeeper
of the navy yard, was summarily
discharged to-day. Maclay went to tho
navy yard as usual this morning and pre
pared to resume his duties. Pay Director
Putnam went to Maclay's desk, read him
the telegram received from Washington
yesterday and told him that he was dis
missed. Maclay left the yard immediate
ly. He said he would return at the usual
time to-morrow prepared to go to work.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.-The Civil Ser
vice Commission to-day notified Edgar S.
Maclay, the historian, recently employed
in the Brooklyn Navy Tard, that his re
moval from his position' at that point was
not In violation of the civil service act.
This notification Is contained in a letter
written to Maclay by President Proctor
of the commission, and Is in reply to an
inquiry from him. In his letter Maclay
asked these questions:
"First-Has the President of the United
States any authority under the laws gov
erning civil service to demand the resig
nation of a civil service employe in the
classified list?
"Second — Has the President the power
or authority to cause the dismissal of any
civil service employe without preferring
charges in writing and giving said em
ploye an opportunity in which to make a
defense?" •
To this the commission replied as fol
lows:
"December 26, 1901.— Edgar S. Maclay,
Navy Yard, New York— Sir: The com
mission is in receipt of your letter of De
cember 21, 1901. In response to your ques
tions you are informed that it is- con
trary to the practice of the commission to
undertake to answer hypothetical ques
tions. Your separation from the service,
according to the facts in your case as
they appeared in the public press, was
made upon the order of the Secretary of
the Navy, in whom the power of removal
rests. The demand for your resignation,
followed by your removal, upon the di
rection of the President through the Sec
retary of the Navy, was not in violation
of the civil service act and rules In view
of the well-known facts In your case.
"The object of the rule requiring notice
and a hearing was to prevent political re
movals or removals on secret charges. No
Issue of this kind Is Involved in your case.
Very respectfully,
"JOHN PROCTOR, President." .
President Proctor of the Civil Service
Commission also gave out the following
statement bearing upon the case:
"The commission has always held, as
FRUIT GROWERS
WILL COMBINE
Poor Railroad Service
Causes Wrath in
the South.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
. SAN BERNARDINO, Dec 26.— The or
ange-growers of Southern California are
planning to combine for the purpose of
making an organized fight to compel the
Santa Fe and the Southern, Pacific rail
road companies to furnish b,ettec service
for the transportation of ; fruit , from this
part of the State to the Eastern: markets.
The directors of the Southern California
Fruit Exchange are to meet In Los An
geles to-morrow, and the exchange will
take some decided action In regard to the
matter at this meeting. Before another
week has passed it is . understood meet
ings of the growers are to be called In
every orange-growing section. At ■ these
meetings committees will be- appointed
for the purpose of arranging with the
railroads for the furnishing of better
service.
. The growers at Highland are the most
active relative to this matter, and they
will undertake to arrange for the meet
ings throughout Southern California. In
the meantime representatives of the
growers I and the packers are making a
little quiet investigation, and in some in
stances the results are surprising. , ,
On Tuesday last 40ff cars of oranges
were sidetracked between Barstow and
Needles. The Santa Fe Company gives
as a reason for this that the shipments
were so heavy It was impossible to se
cure motive power enough to handle the
freight. The great losses that the grow
ers have sustained and are sustaining
througn a delay in shipping on the part
of the railroad companies has aroused the
orange men to a greater degree than ever
before, and the matter will not only be
fought before, the Railroad Commission
ers, but suits for damages are to be in
stituted against the railroads, and they
will ask pay for the fruit that is dam
aged in transit. For the next ten 'days
but little shipping will be done, and dur
ing this time the packers and growers
are to bend every effort toward devising
some scheme to compel the railroads
to furnish better service. -r
OFFICIAL WHO SAYS MAC
LAY'S DISMISSAL FROM SER
VICE IS PROPER.
shown in its thirteenth report, January 1,
1897, that the civil service act did not in
tend that incompetent persons should be
retained in office. The authority of re
moval and its exercise for proper reasons
are necessary for the discipline and the
efficiency of the public service. The pow
er of removal Is not affected by the law
or the rules further than that they pro
vide that removals shall not be made for
political or religious reasons.
"The rule of the President. July 27, 1S97.
requiring that a person should be re
moved only for Just r-Jiuse and upon rea
sons in writing, and after an opportunity
for making answer, was for the purpose
of preventing political or religious re»
movals or removals upon secret charges,
but was in no way intended to curtail the
power of removal for just cause. Under
this rule the reasons for a removal are to
be a matter of record, but it does not im
pair in the slightest degree the prompt
exercise of the power of discipline. .
. "In discussing this rule in the four
teenth report of the commission, Decem
ber 31, 1897, it is stated that 'if the rea
sons are sufficient the officer will not
hesitate to make the removal.' It cannot
be asserted that Maclay's removal was
for political or religious reasons or upon
secret charges, as" the reasons for the de-
J, O'BRIEN & CO,
1 Offer tbe Folloulng at .
Ladies' Tailor-Mads Suits, Ladies' Golf Skirts
l Ail styles and colors Ladies' Seven-Gore Skirts
Ladies' Three • Quarter Ladies' Mercerized Un-
I Automobiles derskirts |
Ladies' Raglans Ladies' Silk and Wool
Children's and Misses' Waists
Gapes Ladies' Mercerized Sateen 1
Children's and Misses' Waists
Coats For Capes and Collarettes
Ladies' Box Coats Feather Boas and Shawls
SUITS MADE TO ORDER.
I O'BRIEN &C0.
[__ _ _ 1146 MARKET STREET.
BULLETS END
THE FESTIVITY
■ '..->■. i
Ranch at Point Reyes
Is the Scene of a
Shooting.
The Slapping of a Girl's Face
Causes Quarrel Among
Men.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Dec. 28.— Word was re
ceived here this morning of a probably
fatal shooting affair at the Aiborgia ranch
at Point Reyes, in which Ben Alcantra
and Joseph Alborgi were shot. The name
of the man who did %ht shooting is un
known here and he is still at large,
though the Sheriff and his deputies are
making a vigorous hunt for him.
Last night Michael Alborgla gave a
Christmas party. Among those he In
vited was Alcantra, who is a Country
Club gamekeeper, and two woodchoppera,
whom he had recently hired. In the
course of the evening it is said that one
of the woodchoppers took . offense at
spme fancied slight offered him. by Oia
conia, a daughter of his host, and slapped
her face. The father interfered and grap
pled with his daughter's assailant. Al
cantra tried to separate the two men.
when the smaller woodchopper struck at
Alcantra. knocking him down. The wood-
Choppers then left the house.
After several hours they returned. Al
cantra told the larger man that he owed
the host and his daughter an apology.
This he agreed to and was In the act of
shaking Alborgi's band when his com
panion stepped up to Alcantra. and. fired
a shot through his abdomen. He fired
another shot, breaking Joseph Alborgl's
arm. In the ensuing excitement he made*
his escape In the darkness.
Sheriff Taylor was notified this morning:
and left immediately for the scene of the
shooting. Alcantra. was removed to San
Francisco. It is said he cannot live.
GOVERNOR APPROVES
COTJRT-HARTIAIi SENTENCE
Captain William Bruce of tne Stock
ton Company Must Lose His
Double Bars.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 26.— Governor
Gage this afternoon confirmed the de
cision and sentence of the general court
martial in the case of Captain William
Bruce of Company B, Sixth Infantry, N.
G. C, of Stockton. Under the terms of
the sentence Bruce must suffer dismissal
from the National Guard, and he 'will
cease to be an officer therein on January
4, 1902.
Captain Bruce was convicted a couple
of months ago of having failed to apply
to the requirements pertaining to the du
ties of his office the sum of $1421 38, or to
account for that sum as- demanded by
law and the military regulations, and also
of making a false return of money ac
counts to the State. It was charged also
..- at Bruce claimed he had deposited in
a Stockton bank about $1323 23, for which
he waa accountable to the State, when he
did not have the money on deposit. The
affirmation of the verdict of the court
martial by Governor Gage settles the fat©
of Bruce In so far as his connection with
the National Guard is concerned.
Quarrel Leads to Shooting.
SAN JOSE, Dec. 26.- William Gavin, an
employe of the California Fruit Packing
Company, was shot in the hip last even
ing while on his way home. He had had
some 'words 'with a young man named
Maguire, whom he accuses of the shoot-
Ing. k
partment's action are well known, both
to Maclay and to the public."
SAMPSON" A MENTAL WRECK.
Wife of Admiral Says His Reason Is
Hopelessly Shattered.
URBANA, 111., Dec. 26.— John B. "Weeks
of Champaign, a personal friend of Ad
miral Sampson, has received a letter from
Mrs. Sampson, in which she says that the
mental condition of the admiral Is prac
tically hopeless. The letter was written in
reply to a note expressing sympathy with
Sampson in the presonaf annoyance he
has suffered In the controversy over the
Santiago battle. The letter says:
"WASHINGTON. D. C, Dec. 23. — My Dear
Mr. 'Weeks: Admiral Sampson is too ill to
really understand your most kind letter just
received, but If he were well he would wish
to thank you for it; he cares so much for all
"old times" and for anything that concerns
Palmyra. The reading of your letter shows
that living- in the 'West has not blinded your
eyes to the truth concerning: recent events. I
have enjoyed your expression of the true facts
as you understand them. My dear husband is
quite worn out with a long life consecrated to
duty. Physically he Is comfortable and happy,
but his brain is tired beyond ever being rested.
Sincerely,
ELIZABETH BURLING SAMPSON.
34
CRUZADOS, OLD ENGLAND AND JOSIE G WILL UNDOUBTEDLY MEET IN A SPECIAL MATCH
SPORT VASCO CHAMPIONS IN ACTION
ON THEIR NEW CENTRAL PARK COURTS
Clever Players Appear in Tournament Matches Showing
Their Skill at the Game Which Has Been Transplanted
From the City of Mexico— Novices May Play Here
THE champions at the Eder Jai
kept the ball humming at th»*
games yesterday afternoon befon
a fairly, large attendance at Cen
tral Park.
There were sonif beautiful long-distance
swoops made by Lasco, who has a faculty
for making the "pelota" thwack against
the two walls of the cancha when he
olaws at it with the long basket-work
scoop known as the chistexa.
When the distance between the two
walls is exactly. 20S feet, it becomes ap
parent that he can do as great execution
with the chistera as the champion base-
FIERCE STORM
SWEEPS CITIES
Tremendous Amount of
Damage Done in the
Northwest.
Special Dispatch to The CaK.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Dec. 26.— Between
J100.000 and $200,000 damage was done early
this morning by a storm which burst
thortly after midnight over the whole
lower coast of the mainland. The dam
age here was principally to small steam
ers, towboats and scows and also to the
cable between this city and Victoria. The
wind was the heaviest experienced here
for half a dozen years and af times
leached a velocity of fifty miles an hour.
All over the city minor damage ■ was
done, chimneys were blown down, plate
glass windows shattered and roofs torn
ciff houses. So great was the velocity
of the gale that a large fir tree on the
English Bay beach was torn out by the
xoots crashed through a house. A
masonry wall protecting the beach was
hammered down and thousands of dollars'
damage was done to boathouses and small
tugs in the Fame vicinity. The cable sta
tion was wrecked by logs crashing against
ft and the steamer Aorangl. dragging her
anchor, fouled this cable and ruptured it
three* miles from shore.
In the inner harbor the three-masted
chip Elizabeth Nicholson drass<*d her an
chor and piled up .^gainst a wharf. The
tide was so high that the wharf was only
two feet out of water and the ship ca
teened until she had a li?t of forty-five
degrees and threatened every moment to
capsize as shte lay broadside against the
wharf. The steamer Active attempted to
rescue her from her perilous position and
her bow was thrown by a big wave right
on top of the wharf.
None of the ferry steamers from Van
couver l#land maae the trip until this
evening. 'when the sea was comparatively
calm. The steamers Kildonan, Halifax,
Reliance and a large dredpe were all
seriously damaged, bur no fatalities oc
curred. The steamer Mainlander, which
left Seattle last night for this port, has
not yet arrived and considerable anxiety
is felt for her.
Blizzard Startles Helena.
HELENA, Mont., Dec. 2G.-A "storm
struck Helena this morning with a sud-
AxilaS Kt»i^ x At i 'f/ffh 1 • -
SIGNATURE fl iJA
yL*f GUARANTEES
0 UEBIG
COMPANTS
BEWARE OF "JUST AS GOODS'
CHAMPIONS AT "VASCO PE
LOTA" AS THEY APPEAR IN
PICTURESQUE COSTUMES.
denness that was startling. An apparent
ly calm, warm morning was transformed
iii almost a twinkling into a howling bliz
zard. The snow descended rapidly, while
the wind raged. The storm lasted almost
an hour, and since then there has been a
high wind. During the storm the wind at
tained a velocity of forty-five miles an
hour. The etorm came from the north
west and was general over Western and
Central Montana.
Blown From His Train.
MISSOULA, Mont., Dec. 2C— Word
reached this city late this afternoon that
Conductor Charles* King was killed last
night just across the line in Idaho. Con
ductor King, who had charge of a freight'
train, was blown from his train while try
ing to reach the caboose. King had been
helping a brakeman, and started to the
rear of the train when the' disaster oc
curred. His mangled body was found at
the bottom of a deep gorge, having blown
from the .train while almost in the center
of a trestle.
From Fort Benton come reports of the
fiercest storm .known in years. Big win
dows of the courthouse were blown in
n.im other minor damage done.
Disastrous Gale at Astoria.
ASTORIA, Or., Dec. 26.— The worst
storm of the winter prevailed along the
coast last night and to-day, doing consid
erable damage to property. During the
night two of the three barges used by the
contractors at the Sylvia de Grasse reef
broke from their moorings and were driv
en, against the railroad trestle in East
Astoria. One of the barges was destroyed,
while the other was badly damaged. The
total loss will it is thought reach $10,000.
During the day shipping was tied up.
Houses Are Blown Away.
SEATTLE, Dec. 26.— Thursday night's
storm did much damage and endangered
many lives in this city. Along the north
end of the water front, where wind and
wave had full sweep at high tide, . the
breakers washed away eight houses.
Floating driftwood battered these to
matchwood. The occupants barely es
caped. On Xorth Broadway a little cot
tage was overturned. No one was in
jured. High water on the Duwamish
River added to the complexity of the sit
uation. Wires are down all over the city.
The highest velocity of the wind reached
at 2:30 this morning was thirty-five miles
an hour.
Storm's Damage in Walla Walla.
WALLA WALLA, Wash., Dec. 26.—
Wind blowing at the rate of forty-five
miles an hour caused considerable • dam
age in this section this morning. Tele
graph lines and electric light wires. were
tossed about and poles fell in dangerous
proximity (o buildings. The residence of
G. S. Bond caught lire from a live wire
and a small fire was caused at the home
of Allen H. Reynolds by the. crossing of a
telephone and a live arc light wire. Weak
ened by the strain of the wind, the barrel
flume leading to the power plant of the
Walla Walla Light and Power Company
exploded at noon to-day and a column of
water shot skyward under a pressure of
thirty pounds to the square inch. For
more than an hour steam spouted sixty
feet into the air at the power plant, and
it was not until a late hour to-night that
repairs. could be made sufficient to supply
power. The city is still in darkness.
Fast and Furious in Utah.
SALT LAKE. Dec. 26.— The storm which
has been raginj throughout the northern
Inter-mountain country to-day struck Salt
Lake at 4:30 o'clock this affernon with a
suddenness and fury that startled the res
idents. From a dead calm the wind in
creased with remarkable rapidity, and
within a few moments had attained a
velocity of fully fifty miles an hour,
bringing with it a blinding snowstorm,
which raged with th-9 fury of a blizzard
for over two hours. The storm came from
the northwest, and although of compara
tively short duration was one of the se
verest felt In this section for years No
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1901.
. .. y , ~" *
ball player can with a bat. The reds won
the lirst game without any too much to
spare, and in the second round the blues
polished off their opponents by a few
points. The qulniela, or tournament, whs
won bv Guerrita, .who had the pleasure
of remaining In peaceful possession of the
cancha while five of his rivals were re
tired.
Games will be played to-morrow and
Sunday, with a special schedule arranged
for New Year's afternoon. A preliminary
Rame may be played between two well
known local men who have caught the
spirit of the game and two of the regular
staff. *
MELLEN DENIES
HE HAS RETIRED
Says He Will Remain as
President of Northr
ern Pacific.
ST. PAUL, Dec. 26.— President Mellen
of the Northern Pacific to-night author
ized a plain statement that he had not
resigned and does not contemplate re
signing. The statement sets at rest the
reports of antagonism on the part ofj.
J. Hill and outlines in concise form what
may be expected in the Northern Pacific
following tne organization of the North
ern Securities Company.
Reports that Mellen would resign
have been periodical for more than a
■year. Mellen .has disregarded them un
til to-night, when he dictated the follow
ing resume of the situation:
There is no foundation in the statement re
cently made- in. the press that I have either
resigned or that 1 am contemplating such ac
tion. The Northern Pacific Is being operated
independently of other railways now, as it has
. been during the time I have been connected
with it, and I have no knowledge of any at
tempt to change its policy or curtail the au
thority heretofore' entrusted to me.
To my mind it is extremely unfortunate both
to the .: railway. ..-. and- the public that
so much apprehension is being indulged In
regarding the Northern Securities Company and
-its relation to this property.
Practically .the same parties own its stock
as have for several yearn and no .more dispo
sition is manifest to-day to Interfere In its pol
icy than during the whole period of my oftt-.
cial connection with the company
All questions of legality will be passed upon
by the rWKhest 'court in the land and all par
ties should ;patlently v a.wait Its decision, and
any attempt meanwhle to prejudice public opin
ion Is harmful and. to bedeprecated,
BUTTE,; Wont.,' Dec, 26,— A special from
Helena saj's ; Governor I Toole has re
ceived a telegram, .from Governor Van
Sant of Minnesota to the effect that the
conference of Governors and other offi
cials to' be held In this city December
30, at whiph steps will be taken to pre
vent impossible the consolidation of the
Northern : Paclfic and- Great - Northern
lines, :as contemplated by the Northern
Securities Company, is' assured.
Governor; Tool e' was asked to-night
whether the death of Governor Rogers
of Washington would interfere with the
holding or the conference. He replied
that he could not say positively, , but he
had no reason to believe. that the meeting
would not be held. . ■ •
ST. PAUL, Minn.. Dec. 26.— J. A. Bla
bon, general Western- traffic manager of
thev Great Northern, is to become vice
president January ]1, succeeding Darius
Miller, made vice president of the' Chi
cago, Burlington and Quincy. John C.
Eden, traffic manager of the Eastern
Railway of Minnesota, a proprietary
company, becomes general traffic • man
ager of the. Great Northern, and .W. "ty.
Broughton, assistant general freight
agent of the Northern Pacific, goes to
the Eastern Minnesota in Eden's place.
These appointments have been made
and will be officially announced before
the end of the week.
serious damage as a result of the high
wind is reported up to a late hour to
night. The telegraph and telephone com
panies, whose systems were badly de
ranged as a result of the storm, to-night
report their wires again In working order
The railroad companies report but little
delay in' their> service.
SPECIAL STAKE
FOR GREYHOUNDS
Double Card for tasl
Meeting of the
Year.
Union Coursing Park Man"
agement Offers a Good
Programme.
Two stakes, each with forty-eight en
tries, will be the card at Union Coursing
Park this week. Both stakes will be run
down once to-morrow, leaving the con
cluding rounds for Sunday's j card. The
draw last night resulted as follows:
Special stake, forty-eight entries— E. Neave'a
AVeiKiins Bella vs. K. Geary's America; G.
BKarman'a OolU Hug vs. K. Neave's First
Foot; JB. Geary's llonnle Hughle V8i P. M.
Clarkson'a CJoluen Garter; T. J. Crontn'a Van
dul vs. D. J. Healey'B Tapioca; Kelly &, Han
ley's Naughty Olvl vs. 1'asha Kennels' Real
Article; i\ Doyle's liberator vs. K. .Geary's
Ruby Sankey; J. Markland'a The Gratter vs.
P. M. Clarkson's frompto; G. bharman's Lit
tle Sister vs. D. J. Healey'a Floe Form; \V. J.
I^eonard's Tom.Hurllck vs. H. Geary's Bonnie
Pasha; A. R. Curtis' NardsBU3 vs. ti. Shar
man's Chicago Boy; A. K. Curtis' Vulcan vs.
A. K. Curtis 1 l.oyal X.atl; c:. U. Peterson's
Silver Cloud vs. II H Urey's'ltonu; K. Neave's
Spiteful vs. A. H. Curtis' Kibosh; I). J.
Healey's For Glory vs. G ; Xcthercott's Hick
ory Dick; Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete vs.
1). J. Healey's L.ady (.Mare; D. J. Realty's
Tiburon vs. G. Sharman's Sir 1'asha; G. Shar
man's Firm Fellow vs. K. Geary'a Fannie
IIukIiU': J. Carroll's Master Clair vs. G.
Knight's Shadow; D, Silva's Master lioeket vs.
A. Vanderwhlte's Lear King; Pasha Kennels'
Rocker vs. A. Vanderwhlte's Flora McDonald;
T. Jones' Wedgewood vs. II. Lynch* a Mr rrimac;
T. J. Cronin's Tralee Boy vs. J. Badt's I.ovlna;
a. NetHfercott's Red Kock vs. D. G. Franz's
Dorothy M; J. Cane'a Greenhall vs. L. S.
Barrels Amedee.
Open stake, forty-eight entries— J. H. W.
Muller's Cruiser vs. D. G. Franz's Lavona;
Kelly & Hanley's Lusmagh Lass vs. O. Shar
man's Bowery Boy; A. McLeod's Royal Friend
vs. J. Shea's\Slim; C. Glock's Alameda Lad
vs. Li. F. Bartels' Best Bargain; D. Donovan's
Bannockburn vs. T. Cox's Crockett Hill; J. \V.
Fahy's October Lad vs. D. J. Healey's Elista;
P. Rellly's Cascade vs. W. H. Robinson's Rosle
Freedom: YV. .T.' Leonard's Daylight vs. J. H.
MeDuf tie's Sally Brass; T. X>ee*q Kweet Locust
vs. K. Geary's Fair Oaks; K. Geary's Minnie
Sankey vs. J. O'Donnell's New Moon; AV.
Cairn's Gold Ore vs. \V. C. de B. Lopez's Sara;
E. Ready's Full Moon vs. F. Rosenberg's My
Nell; P. M. Clarkson's Sofala vs. J. H. Mc-
Neil's Blackhawk; H. Lynch's Lottie M vs.
T. J. Cronin's Vixen; W. Cairn's Imperial vt».
H. Lynch's Lilac; .). Dempsey's Jingle Bells
vs. J. H. McNeil's Pearl Mack; F. Rosenberg's
Master Bly vs. R. Geary's Ray Huj?hie; J. M.
Halton's May Hempstead vs. II. Lynch's
Black Bart: H. II. Grey's Terronette vs J.
Kelly's Governor Mac; G. Graham's Lady Xew
ark vs. E. Parkinson's Ben Kirby; XV C de
B. Lopez's Pepita vs. C. Pickard's Bright Gold;
J. P. Sweeney's Cottage Lass vs. Pasha,Ken
nels' Rich Arscosy; J. F. Cheatham's Repre
sentative, vs. J. H. McDuffle's Bill Foster;
Pasha Kennels'. Fiery Face vs. P.- Steinhoff's
Veto.^
rOUR SWIMMERS READY
, - " TO TEST THEIR SPEED
Match to Take Place at Imrline
Baths— Case of Wine the
Trophy.
A swimming match for the Owl's
feather and a case of wine will take place
at the Lurline baths one evening ne"xt
week. J. C. "Wilson, William Hopkins,
Edgar Mizner and Harry Smith will, con
test for the laurels. Commodore T. Gutte
is the manager of J. C. Wilson. The man
agement of William- Hopkins rests with
Clarence Blckford. Al Grimm comes for
ward to manage the swimming affairs of
Hurry Smith; The honor and responsibil
ity of managing Edgar Mizner in the
tournament" devolves upon I^ouis SIoss Jr.
The conditions of the match require that
the contestants shall swim eight times
across the tank. Kdgar Mizner has a Yu
kon River record for long distance swim
ming that makes the eight trips across
the tank seem like a. preliminary plunge.
Louis Sloss Jr. has wine to waiter that
Mizner will' swim away from his adver
saries. There is no handicap.
The speediest swimmer of the four. •
without regard to weight, size or style of.
bathing suits, will take tho feather and i
the tizz. J. C. Wilson, was slightly the
favorite In the betting al the Bohemian
Club last evening, but William Hopkins
and Harry Smith were not without sup
porters.
HEAVY-WEIGHTS WILL MEET
. AT THE BELIANCE CLUB
Hank Griffen of Los Angeles and
Jack Johnson of Denver Will
Fight.
The heavy-weight contest on the pro
gramme for the Reliance Athletic Club's
tournament to-night at Oakland is a
promising number. The principals will be
Hank Griffen of Los Angeles and Jack
Johnson of Denver, matched for a fifteen
round bout.
The Colorado man has been working
with Kid Carter across the bay. Johnson
is reputed to be a fairly fast hitter. He
will try, because future engagements here
depend in a large measure on the show
ing he will make to-night.
Louis Long of the Reliance Club and
George Curren will meet in a ten-round
event. The opening bout is .a six-round
affair between Jockey Bennett and Jack
MoFadden, brother of. the "Kid."
. Billy Lavlgne, manager of the Acme
Athletic Club of Oakland, matched Young
Glbba of Cleveland and Jack- O'Brien of
New York yesterday to flght here on Jan
uary 14. The men are to weigh 140 pounds
at the ringside. Gibbs has shown himself
a clever boxer, while O'Brien comes with
a big Eastern reputation.
Tommy Ryan Sues Jeffries.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Dec. 26.— Tommy
Ryan, once a prizefighter, but now in
business in Kansas City, brought suit in
the Circuit Court here to-day against J.
J. Jeffries to recover $1000, which he al
leges is due him for training the world's
champion for his tight' with J. J. Corbett
at\Coney Island in May, 1899. The papers
•we're served on Jeffries while he was in
a Turkish bath, but he pa... no attention
to them, turning over and continuing his
sleep'without making reply. Ryan. In his
petition, says he rendered the services ex
pected of. him and the service is reason
ably, worth $2500. Of this amount Ryan
says Jeffries paid him $1500 In three dif
ferent installments, and that $1000 is still
due, for which amount he asks judgment.
Jeffries gave an exhibition here last night.
Michigan Team at Los Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Dec.'26.— The Michigan
football party, twenty-one men in all, ar
rived to-day from the East by way of
San Francisco. The Wolverines will go
into training at once for their game with
Stanford at Pasadena on New Year's day
During their stay they will be quartered
at the new Hotel Raymond.
Sloan Applies for a Licensd
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— A Richmond (Ind.)
special to the Dally News says: Tod
Sloan, who is now in Paris, sends word
to his 'Indiana relatives' that he has ap
plied for a license to ride in England and
America next year. ,
. r, —
Empire City Racetrack Is Sold.
NEW YORK. Dec. 26.— The Empire City '
racetrack at Yonkers was sold at. public
auction to-day to Frank Farrell of this
city for $218,000. Farrell refused lo say
what disposition would be made of the
track. ■ r.
Calendars and Diaries
For .1902— also Dally Journals, Memo
randum Books, Bill Books,' Card Cases
and Blank Books of every description.
'Best serivce and beat values nt Sanborn,
Vatl'& Co.'b, 741 Market street. •
JOSIE G RUNS BIG CIRCLES AROUND
TOWER OF CANDLES IN FAST TIME
Long Shots in the Betting Enjoy an Outing at Oakland — TV
H. Ryan Scores His First Win With Buzzer— Hainault
Finishes Third in a Race — Rollick Downs Grafter a Head
T|-^v OOKMAKER CAESAR YOUNG'S
L^/ recent purchase Tower of Can-
C ! \Vdles was all lighted up and ready
__ii/for any sort of an argument in
v .the free handicap yesterday at
Oakland. The three-year-old filly was
asked to shoulder only 95 pounds and her
price gradually dropped from threes to 11
to 5. . Unfortunately Josie a was pres
ent and snuffed the lights out. The last
named two-year-old was conceding thir
ty-two pounds to the Young;, entry, and
wheri Candles had shot her bolt Josle G
won by a > length, with Howson sitting
perfectly still, the five furlongs toeing:
reeled off in :59*4-
In a mild mix-up at the start Home
stead was cut off and the chances of Bot
any were also, spoiled. J The Winner's im
prejslve showing has again revived inter
est in a three-cornered contest with Cru
zados and Old England as the other two
starter.". The association across the bay
will offer a suitable purse and it Is be
lieved the three will meet within a few
days at five and a half furlongs. All are
speed marvels, and it would be the great
est drawing card of the season.
From the outset favorites encountered
tempestuous weather. Rollick alone
weathering the gale. Buzzer, at 12, and
Rose of Hilo, a 15 to 1 outsider, were the
star long-shot performers. The attend
ance was large for a day devoid of any
special features. . •
Tom Ryan's Buzzer, a full sister to The
Pride, and 12 to 1 at one stage of the bet
ting, beat Cathello a nose for the four
and a half furlong two-year-old dash. The
winner outfooted Esternell the Hrst part,
but was dying fast at the close. Malas
pina, the favorite, ridden by Burns, fin
ished fourth, behind Prudence, a. 60 to 1
shot.
When the books chalked even money
and 6 to 5 against Afghan in the betting
on the six furlong selling sprint, "Frisco"
Lind, the gelding's owner, said it was a
shame to take the money. The price later
dropped to 13 to 20. At the start Tommy
Burns hustled the 12 to 1 shot Rose of
Hilo away in tho lead and was never
headed. The favorite Beaded McNamara
out for the place.
Hainault started in the six furlong sell
ing run for two-year-olds, sporting for
the first time the colors of Frank Doss.
He was well played at 4 to 5, and finished
third behind The Giver and Lapidus. The
latter cut out the running, only to be
downed easily by The Giver, well ridden,
by Ransch. The winner closed at 5 to 2 in
several of the books.
Nearly all the handicappers tripped up
over the result of the mile and a furlong
selling a/fair. It was iifrvjred for some
inexplicable reason that Diomed couldn't
go a mile and a. furlong. He scored hand
ily at odds of 4 to 1. Morinel made the
running for a time, then suddenly faded
away. Assuming the .lead in the run
home, I^ee Jackson landed Dlomed first,
two lengths before Artilla, in 1:53%. Dr.
Bernays, the favorite, finished unplaced.
About town among the hand-book deal
ers Grafter had been hawked about as a
good thing to win \hc final seven. furlong
run. The gelding, with Burns in the
saddle, did make far better than a fair
showing:, for, in a hard drive. Rollick, the
favorite, only laid him low by a head in
1:2«?4.
Track Notes.
. Willie Buchanan rode a pretty finish on
Rollick, for at one time in the stretch he
wjis more pressed for room than a sleepy
tramp looking for an unlocked barn.
Howson rode a perfect race on Josle
G, which excellent effort -was deservedly
applauded by the crowd.
If the owner of Byron Rose looks out
for difficult spots to place the sprinter,
he Is an adept.
The long races Doublet , started in evi
dently dulled his speed. 'Dell" Fountain
had a good bet on his horse yesterday
' and he ran unplaced.
Following are the entries for this after
noon's events:
First race — Five and a half furlongs, selling,
thn-e-ycar-olds anil upward:
2S!»". Mrs. Brunell..lO7 i9G2 HeralJo 112
300.S Marlneuse ...107 JKW2 B. F. Mason. m
2!>1S Senator. Matts.ll'J ."031 Gold Finder.. Ill;
:WM Kasp . '. 107 2S(i<i Spry Lark 1V2
15004 Yng. MoreHo. 115 ;«M2 Aphrodis 107
2O.J.5 Urchin 112 3034 Dr. Boyle 112
Second race — Six furlongs, selllne, maiden
two-yenr-olds :
29S1 Mpnt. Peeress. 11." 2070 Angel'eno US
2!)0i> Wand'np lloy.lir. 302:; Bassezo .....115
2i»14 Annie Max...llf> 3041 Knockings ...115
2920 R. Bonner 11.115 30G. r » fir Claus 115
2880 Mintaka 118 302:! Rosarie 115
Claudator 110 3005 Budd Wade... 115
Third race — Five nnd a half furlongs.selllng,
three-year-olds and upward:
2985 Lost feirl 1121-2065 Malaise ......112
3000 Cuban Girl ... 1 07 :ta>4 Kovla 112
3000 Captivate 1071 3042 McNamara ...112
SOLDIERS BATTLE
WITH BOLOMEN
Seven Americans Fall in
a Fight on Island of
Samar.
MANILA. Dec. 27.— Captain Schoeffel,
with a detachment of eighteen men of
Company E, Niiith Infantry, at Dapday,
island of Samar, was attacked by a largo
force of bolomen. A severe hand-to-hand
fight ensued, in which a sergeant, a cor
poral and five privates were killed. Cap
tain Schoeffel was wounded, but not dan
gerously. Five privates were dangerously
and one slightly wounded. No property
v.aa lost. The enemy was finally repulsed
with heavy loss'. n £
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— The AVar De
partment was to-day advised by General
Chaffee at Manila that Company F of
tho Twenty-nrst Infantry had a desperate
hand-to-hand encounter in a gorge six
miles south of San Jose, Batangas, on De
cember 23. Twenty-two of the enemy
were killed. .. Patrick Connelly re
ceived an ugly bolo wound in the left
cheek; Private Carney received six bolo
wounds in tho neck and shoulders.
The War Department has been apprised
by cable from Manila of the surrender of
the insurgent chieftain Samson at Mutas
caron. with all his - officers and men,
twenty-eight cannon and forty-five rifles.
General ChafTee, at Manila, reports that
Odus Roecler, second lieutenant of Philip
pine scouts, a native of Beverly. W. Va.,
committed suicide on the morninrr of De
cember 23 by shooting himself with a car
bine on board the Lawton. He was suf
fering from temporary insanity, due to ill
ness. - i .. ■
Will Send a Pontifical Mission.
ROME, Dec. 26.— It has been decided; to
send a pontifical mission to the corona-;
tiori of King Edward. This mission will
be organized on lines similar to the one
which attended the Victorian jubilee. Tho
head. of the mission has not yet bean
chosen. \ •
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
th'e very, latest color process.
Eight pages in beautiful col-
ors that are pleasing to the eye.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
OAKLAND RACETBACK— Thursday, Pe 5i^ 6 lT^^^^f51?J?tL- l J5yJ t f , f i t * Vl^^^
3041. FIRST PACE — Four and a half furlongs; selling; tu-o-yeqr-oM fillies; to first. ySff"*
■ : ~~ ~ | ; i ! Betuas.r
Index Horse and ■Weight. St. %. %. Str. Fl». Owner and Jockey. Op. CL
.... Buzzer ...».' 10S 1 ... 12 11 Ins |T. H. Kyan.....Vlckery 5 S
3003 Cathello ».:.1O8 4 ... 7 2 4'i 12 h Clayton & Co... Bullman 4 0-2
..; Prudence ...10S B ... 8 ] 4 3 h :: 'i JV. Gilbert Howson 4» 60
(2842) Malaspina 108 5 ... 4 1 f. 1 4 h . MaUowmot S. F. .Burns 2 5-2
3U°4 Kstemell .10$ 2 ... R -h 5 1 J. W. Schorr. ..J. W oods 5-2 10-3
•x J(r » Tortla . IOS 1 .'.• « *t ' « 1 0 1 Wheeler & Creelmn..Ked 2O 2S
Sterling Towers.. 103 VZ ■ ... 1O 1 7« TJ Musto & Ruiz.. A. Kelly 4O eo
r.»70 Flattered ........ 1(« S ... 82 SI SI F. D. Weir Hoar 20 2<>
2!).'»; Meteoro 10.S !» ... 0 2 9 1 » ?» J. F. Stewart.... J. Daly CO 73
2i)74 i:o«y Cross....... ION .'I ... 2 1 10 10 1 O. \V. Scott.. ..Winslette 10 15
.••«•:: Knockings 10s 10 ... 11 1 11 ■ US C. Karl & Co.... Jackson B 10
•ttSO Tibs lOS'll ... 12 12 12 [McDonald & Dunlp.Hnch 20 40
Tlme-^H. :24; !••, :4SV4: 4Vjf. :0& Good start. Won first three driving-. "Winner. T. Tl.
Ryan's b. f. by Dundee- Beeswing:. Buzzer tried to run out all the way. Cathello would
have won in another jump. Prudence bothered some the last part or she might have re
versed the order of 'things. M « las^na<iuikKo«lklI*rtei[^^
:'.<Mir. SECOND RACE— Six furlongs: gelling: three-year-olds and up; value to first. $325.
' ! , » . """ » { Bettimr.
Index Horse. Age. "Weight. St. V.. %. Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. j Op. CL
2S8T." Rose of Hilo. 4.. 100 1 Mi 1 1 11 11 aeorgeWebb Bums 8 15
3004 Afghan a 109 .". 2 1 22 2 2 2 2 C. Lind Birkenruth 4-5 IS- 20
SOSS McXauiara, 4 109 2 4 )& 4 1 4h :; n Magrane & Co. .BuUman « 10
2056 ITUoa. 5 109 4 ."• h 3 Vt '3 Vi 4 1 A. E. Spreekela... Woods 8 10
.•IU32 Bagdad 4 10» 8 8 h 6 1 B 1 6n U. I* Has»kell...wrnslet 8 1O
21KK; Kcenig. '0 109 5 5 h 5h «1 6 Vi A. Geneveir. Troxler 20 4O
2!i«2 H«i™ .Smith, 3.. .104 11 0% 7 ij 7 1 7 1 J. Conway Jackson 10 SO
.... Ural .'5 104 7 ti 2 81 82 82 W. E. Cotton Hoar 15 30
(::0O4) Killy Lyons 3.. ..106 6 7 la 9 2 »1 »2 Hennessy & Co.. A. Kelly 20 4u
;:wrt Aiihrodis :! 104 9 111 10 1 10 1 10 2 J. H. Simpson. .Redfern 2O 50
2itt!» Wtn.'Borer, 3 104 12 11 : 11 11 11 F. Hancock... Kauntleroy SO 100
_242."> |Tola, U 104 10 12 12 12' 12 P. Guilfoyle Ransom 10 23
Time— 1,4, :2tm V». :49i-i: ?i. l-.H^. Good start. "Won test three driving. Winner. George
Webb's ch. m. by Apache-Jennie K. Winner outbroke her field. Afghan has gone back, a
bit. mica ran a nice race. Koenlg had plenty of speed, but was pocketed In tha bunch.
Helen Smith out of luck. Ural may do later en. Scratched — Graylette 104.
::<>(:{. THIRD RACK — Six furlongs; selling; two- year- olds; -value to first, $325. *_
_ Betting. T
Index Horse and Weight. St. *i. *». Str. Fin. Owner and Jockey. Op. CL '
::020 The Giver 108 3 2 '.£ 2 % 2 2 11 lElmwood Farm.-Ransch 2 2
::ol2 I^apidus 105 2 12 1 XVi 12 2 .': Jennings & Co..J. Woods 6 10
::012 Hainault 108 4 3 1 3 5 3 S 3 3 F. W. . Doss BuUman 4-5 0-1©
3024 Ishtar 102 5 5 2 4 4 4 8 4 10 |Burllngame S. F...Birk 6 9
8030 Winnecook 101 « G 5 2 5 5 5 8 ,'H. I. Wilson J.. Daly 15 30
201)'.) San Lutlon 102 14 16 « B iJamea Wilson. ..Jaclcaon] 10 25
Time — 'J, :1l\i; Vi, :48Vi; %, 1:13%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, C. T. Boots* br. c, by Tiger-Miss Gift. The Giver nicely ridden, tapidus raa a
swell race. Hainault lacked speed, but probably cannot beat the winner. Others out
classed. Scratched— Whiskers '.01, St. Phillipina 102. Phyllis 101.
a<Ht. FOURTH ItACE — One ana an eighth miles; selling; 3-year-olds and up; first. $325.
I - I I BettlnsT~
Index Horse. Age. Welght.jSt. *j. Vx. Str. Fin. | Owner and Jockey. I Op. Ch
(::015> Dlomed, 4 107 3 3 1 2 2 1 l',J 1 2 Brown & Co. ...Jackson i S 4
3015 Artilla. 4 101 7 7 1 8 3 1 2 h C. AV. CarrolLElrkenruthl 5-2 2
3018 El Mido. 5 101 4 8 7 12131 J. 9. Campbell. .Redfern 6 10
ailiri Dr Bernays. a. .104 2 4h 51 42 44 J. Conway ...Buchanan] 8-5 2
:iO15 Ulm. 5 lOi 5 0 4 B 'i 5 R 5 10 Holcomb & Smlth-Jackn 8 2(1
:!O2S» Cotnpasc, ."I 92 1 5 2 4 h 64 U 6 James Wilson.. .Treanor 15 3<»
:'.O.::; Windward. 5 100 6 lh In 78 7 12 jHennessy & Co.A. Kelly 20 4<>
3015 Morinel. t> 100 8 24 3n 8 8 |M. Storn Logue; 20 40
Time — i*. :24li: Vj, :4S%; %, l:15',i; m, 1:42; mm, 1:53%. Good start. Won cleverly.
Second and third driving. Winner. J. G. Brown & Co.'a ch. g. by Ked Iron-Lily Wright.
IMomed tho Wst and perfectly ridden. Artilla came from a Ions way back. El Mido
showed improvement. Dr. Bernays outfooted. Morinel stopped suddenly after displaying
considerable spued.
JlO-l."i. FIFTH RACE — Five furlongs; Free handicap; all atrcs; value to first. $400.
I i I I Eettlngr"*
IndcxiHorse. Age. Welght-JSt. V^- "i- Str. Fin. j Owner and Jockey. I Op. CX.
(3013) Josle G. 2 1001.5 2 3 2 3 2 1 11 IJ. P. Gibson Howaoni 3 5
2784 Tower Candles. 3. 85 1 •". 12 1 5 1 n 2 1 jCaesar Young... Jackaonl S 11-5 A
(2984) Homestead. 2 10(51 I 6 5 2 3 % S 2 '; G. B. Morris. .O'Connor! 1 2 :: *^
(2fl!«>) Byron Rose, 3 llKil 4 a 1-i 3 4 4 1 4 i-i Ftoy Wilson RanschJ ,5 ft
3002 Doublet, 4 .: 120 2 4h 4 3 5 3 5 4 D. S. Fountain. . Mcxmce] " » rt
302O Botany, 2 1(.'5| :: 5J1 ti 0 H E." E. Edwards. T. ■ Bnra»| 4 T
Time— U..' :23*i : I^f ' : :47 1 ,4; %, :59ii # - Fair start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, J. S. Gibson's b. f. by Bloomsbury-Ciarina. Winner was never sbaken up. win
ning as she plcastd. Tower of Candl-as simply outclassed. Homestead cut off at" start.
Botany also messed about at barrier. Doublet has gon<* back.
;;(H(». SIXTH RACE; — Seven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; value- to first. $325.
I I I I BettinirT""
Index [Horse and Welght.lSt. U- ?i- Str. Fin. I Owner and Jockey. ) Op. CL
(302C) [Rollick 100 1 5 :t n .'; n 4 h 1 h (Burns & Waterha..Bueh T^s" Q-1
2f»Tt JGrafter HB; « « 5 10 : 'i \l,. A. Bla.«ingame. Burns ft a
171.". (Marshal Neil 1121 3 12 1 *i 1 3 3 3 -ft. A. Smith BuUman » 4
3(l2t; !David S .lost! 4 2 4 2 3 3n 4 >i W. L. Stanfleld.. Jackson 3 9-«
(3t)4())!Cougar 112 « 5n 4 2 2n 5 25 [Elrnwood Farm.O'Connor 4 5
1341 [Loyal S ......... 1O0 1 4 1 5 U C « |V. Gilbert_^. l;j _ 1 Haflev 100 20o
T i me — i.;. :«4; \$, :4S%; %. 1:14; %. 1:20*4. Good start. Won first three drivlnjrl Winner
Burns & Waterhouse's ch. g. by Take Notice- Happy llai.len. Rollick stood a hard drive'
Grafter made up mui-h ground lost earlier in the game. Too much use made of Neil"
David R quit. So did Cougar.
3008 Biird Burns. . AW .1034 Chappie 112
-.0-5 Kl Fonse 107 ::u20 Par#fal 107
20S5 Meadow Lark.112 1 2067 Patsy Dclan..ll2
Fourth race— One mile, selling, all ages:
S04O Free Lance... 11* MOT Sir Lewis..... «2
: «t"-. Ttandi ,£M 3040 Larry Wilt.... 92
!M>*0 Pawn' V »!> (ttKO)Quarlra ?»
•W12 TriadTtza ....115 2UU1 »!1ia Forest.. 1x0
(Ml t) Bedeck 11 ->' .
Fifth race— Six furlongs, selling, three-year
olds and upward: .
SENATOR DEPEW
WEDS TO-MORROW
United States Consul in
Nice Will Perform
Ceremony.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Dec. 27.— The "World has
the following from Nice. France: United
States Senator Chauncey M. Depew and
Miss May Palmer will be married here
to-morrow at 2 p. m. in the American
Consulate by United States Consul Har
old S. Van Burcn, who will conduct a
civil ceremony under a special dispensa
tion granted by the Secretary of State.
Miss Palmer being a Catholic the first
religioxis ceremony will take place in the
Church of Notre Dame on Saturday
mornlng at 11 o'clock. Then will follow
the wedding in the American Consulate
at noon. There a company of sailors from
the American squadron will form a guard.
The church wedding, however, and not
the one at the consulate, will be the legal |
one in France. The bridegroom's wit
nesses will be James Gordon Bennett and
Count de Sers.
Senator Depew is a guett of Countess de
Sers, his cousin, a granddaughter of Com
modore Vanderbilt. The Countess will
give a reception after the ceremony.
Senator and Mrs. Depew will start away i
directly after the wedding and will sail I
from England for the United States on
Janury 1.
' Miss Palmer Is staying at the Hotel
Britannlque. . ' -: •_._•
Charged With Killing a Neighbor.
COLUMBUS. Ga., Dec. 26.— Joseph Fin
cher, a prominent merchant and planter,
was shot to death Wednesday near Craw
ford. Ala., twelve miles west of here.
Uriah Porter, a neighbor,' Is charged with
the killing. It is said Porter and Fincher
were not on good terms .and that Porter
had openly threatened to kill Fincher.
Japanese Accused of Theft.
SACRAMENTO. Dec. 26.— A warrant
has been issued, at Walnut Grove, in the
lower part 'of this county, for the arre«t
of a Japanese named Wichitoga for the
alleged theft of $500. lie has disappeared
from Walnut Grove. It is claimed tho
money was Riven him several days ago
■to pay the wages of a gang of Japanese
laborers.
. t
fofi^ r r a o C l!j7 O a 1 n!, r u^-a a r^ ***
2S44 Howard 1141 3022 John "Welch 111
M10 D. of York 11.114 »BG Mission f.^u!
SB* Kastaine 114 2»73 Bunioc U4
«JO.iJ Einstem 114i
Selections for To-Day.
First race— B. F. Mason. Urchin. Spry Lark.
Second race— Montana Peeress. Bassezo Ro
sarie.
Third race — Cuban Girl. Patsy Dolan. Capti
vate.
Fourth race— Bedeck. Sir Lewis. Quadra.
Fifth raca— Prlnc?»3 Tltanla. Kitty Kelly
Hilee. " "TL
Sixth race — Kastaine. John "Welch, Mission.
New Orleans Race Results.
NEW ORLEANS, Dec. 26.— Results:
First me?, sellins, one mile — Prairie Do*
won. Hopscotch sedond. Precursor third. Tlmt,
Second race, five furlongs— Balm of Gllcai
T f0^l\, PyTTiiC ' secor - d . Siphon third. Time.
x :0i Vj.
Third race, six furlonss. selling— Fleurcn
won. \elma Clark second, Clara Davis third.
Time, 1 :ld*n.
Foorth race, handicap, seven furlongs — Alard
-won. If You Dare second. Semicolon third.
Timi.\ l:2j.
Fifth race, selling,- one mile— Myth won.
Prince P.eal second, Moroni third. Time, 1 : 12.
Sixth race, selling, one mile and seventy
yards— Monos won. Balloon second. Shut Up
third. Time. 1:15.
STRICTLY RELIABLE
Dr. Talcott
& Co.
DISEASES AND
WEAKNESS OF
Men Only
Consultation Free.
CONTRACTED DISORDERS.
UNDER THE TREATMENT PTJRSirET> BJ^t
fore irrigations were established, six w»*«V~
was deemed the duration of an acute contract**!
disorder. If It proceeded beyond six weeks It
•was. considered to have gone Into a chronfa
condition. From statistic* complied from our
i practice In the past five years, covering 1 over
C50O cases, we can show that 90 per cent of our
patients have recovered in fourteen days or
less. It Is, therefore, equally proper to hold
that a cas© not entirely cured within two
■weeks must be considered a chronic one. and
some complication has arisen for -which th«
patient should see a specialist. "We invite fre»
j consultation en this subject and offer an ex-
I pei-ience of over twenty years; In fact, we caa
| positively assert that we have never failed to
cure In a sinelc Instance. -
All Varicbcclcs Should Be Cured
Varicocele ia an enlargement of the most
vital blood vessels In man. The function of
these veins Is to carry off waste, thus enabling
the organs to receive fresh nutrition. Th» dis-
ease .consists of a dilation and local stagnation
of blood, from which the organs are deprived
of their proper quantity and quality of nour-
i Ishment. Varicocele la a very common dls-
I order. Statistics show that I» per cent of th»
mala population are afflicted with some stage
I of the disease. We emphatically guarantee to
t cure varlcocele In one week at our ofBce or
I four weeks of hom« treatment. We have cured
over 3000 rasen without a (tingle failure- or an-
, pleasant result. We mean by a curt r«»-
t establishment of nutrition of the organ and It*
function will be restored. We have ehown this
result so often and cr\n refer to so many rase*
In proof of this statement that we make 1*
Trlthout hesitation or reserve. We Invite riA
respondent and the fullest Investigation
our methods. *
997 fflarketTst., Cop, 6th.
I Weekly Gall, §1 per YearBARK MAUNA ALA SKIRTS THE EDGE
OF A HURRICANE IN SOUTHERN SEAS
Captain Smith* Makes Use of Oil to Calm the Angry Seas,
Thus Preventing Damage to His Vessel—The Master
Recalls Experience in Typhoon That Wrecked Warships
AMERICAN BARK MAUXA ALA TWO POINTS ON THE WIND UNDER LOWER TOPSAILS AND FORESAILS IN
A GALE. MANY YEARS AGO SHE WAS CAUGHT IN THE GREAT SAMOAN HURRICANE, BUT MANAGED
TO WEATHER IT.
p-+ jg"-^ HE bark Slauna Ala,- -which docked
• at Pacific-street wharf yesterday,
| had a most eventful run from the
Jl islands. At times she was under
water and Captain. Smith had to
use oil bags in order to keep the craft
afloat.
The bark has aboard over 4000 sacks of
palt, a peculiar cargo when the loads of
sugur that come from Hawaii are taken
into consideration. This peculiar load has
a history.
Away back in the SO's a man named
Dousett started the idea that the making
: of sea salt by evaporation would pay.^ He
began work "on the coral reefs of Hono
lulu and in years accumulated thousands
of tons of the saline product. Then came
the reaction and salt was a drug on the
market as the Mount Eden salt marshes
on the AJameda shore had been discov
*"ered. These proved a good investment to
the holders and the Honolulu product was
a drug in the market. The Dousett estate
now wants to get rid of the stuff and the
Ma una Ala comes here laden with it- It
has lain in thd storehouses of the family
for nearly a generation and when it came
to getting the stuff aboard the bark picks
and shovels had to be used. Several other
vessels are now on their way here with
Vsalt instead of sugar aAd the price of the
former is sure to fall. In any event thou
sands of tons of the stuff that has been
kopt out of the market for years will
' come here on the sugar boats and thus
• reach the regular market.
The JIauna Ala had a peculiar experl
.. e:ice in latitude 30 degrees north, 14S de
grees west. This was on October 17 and
about noon the barometer was down to
23.45.
"The wind was then backing from west
northwest to east -southeast," said Cap
tain Smith yesterday. "The ship was
down to lower topsails and foresail and
we were running about two points free.
It blew a hurricane and for a time we had
to use oil bags to keep the seas from
breaking aboard. We were then on the
tail end of a huricane.
"Back in 1SS7 I was on my way from
Australia to Honolulu with a cargo of
• coal. We were caught in the gale that
wiecked the Vandalia and Trenton and
vcie in pretty sere straits ourselves. On
f;cccur.t of our troubles we had to put into
Tahiti for repairs and it took us quite a
while before we could leave Papeete. On
this occasion we only pot the tail end of a
similar gale, but it was just as bad as we
wanted. We will discharge our cargo of
salt at once and will probably go back
to the islands and bring up another load."
STEAMSHIP SONOMA SAILS.
Gets Away for Australasian Ports on
Time.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's So
r.oma got away for the South Seas yes
trrday. There were not 'many passen-
in the first and second cabin, but
▼every ounce the vessel could carry in the
shape of cargo was in her hold.
Just before the sailing hour T. K. (Tom)
James, the chief steward, was called to
the front. He had notified the manage
ment that it was his intention to remain
ashore over the holidays and Joseph
Pr-eley. late of the Australia, was in his
ADVEHTISEMENTS.
Oak or m-ho»an>- rocker,
genuine stamped, leather
seat... $2.85
f5 On al purchases of $100
| or over we pay railroad
| fare both ways within
jj 250 miles.
\ Open evenings during the
i holidays.
Free delivery in Oakland.
A3ameda and Berkeley.
FURNITURE C0, :
j a:5S-34"i POST STREET.
Opposite Union Square.
nirP rifill u I Corner Fourth and
I" A I I nnVAi Market. S. T. Try
unl L 1 1 1 f I n L eteam and LaBer -
WltlL. !.W IIIU -nc overcoat* and
■ f" valiseg checkid free
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
Great Mexican Remedy: gives nealth «-nd
ttrer.fih to £exua.I organs. Depot. i'ZZ Market.
pla-ce. When Mr. James came forward to
answer the muster he was presented with
a silver cigar case and a diamond pin.
"Tom." was so taken by surprise that all
he could say was "A Merry Christmas to
all of you."
The first and second cabin passengers
on the Sonoma were:
First cabin: For Honolulu — F. M. Brooks,
Mrs. Brooks. A. Carro, Mrs. M. H. Charles,
S. Drake, C. C. Elkins. Ogden H. Fethers,
Mrs. Ketherfi, Mrs. A. M. Fine, L. F. Grant,
Miss K. M. Graydon, Mrs. A. Hayward, P.
Hoffman, H. W. Holling, H. T. James, P.
M. Lansdale, J. Levy, C. H. Lynnbury, Mrs.
Lynnbury, H. McArthur, Mrs. McArthur, Mrs.
E. Mehrten and child. J. D. Mehrten, J. C.
Penny, B. Rosenberg, C. TV*. Seaward, Miss S.
Smith. Miss U. Smith, G. P. Smyth, Miss M.
Smyth, J. Smyth, A. G. Stoll, J. L. Torbsrt,
G. J. Waller, C. D. Warren.
For Pago Pago — Mrs. H. G. Tripp. Miss May
Williamson.
For Auckland — Mrs. F. E. Baume, Dr. J. W.
Horr.er, J. P. Knight, Mrs. Knight, D. P.
Mitchell.
For Sydney — A. G. Baylis, P. P. Borne, P.
R. Bradley, J. R. BuUough. George M. Color
caresses, E. Jt. Croninshield, J. B. Dalley;
Gordon Fellows, C. C. Garrison, A. C. Gillam.
Mre. Gillam. R. J. Leckie. Miss K. Lobbett. E.
Lufft, Rev. James Mahonev, G. S. McLiesh,
Mrs. McLiesh and child, Miss G. McLiesh, E.
T. Miles. S. H. Reichbach, Mrs. Reichbach and
maid, Miss Daisy Reichbach, Master F. Belch
bach, A. C. Reid, Miss E. F. Sheppard, Miss
F. Silver. J. Wilcox.
Join at Honolulu for' Sydney — J. W. Fuller,
A. H. P. Stoneham, Mrs. Stoneham.
Second cabin: For Honolulu — F. Blacketer,
TV*. Bridirland, D. R. Clark, \V. Fleldgrove,
Mrs. Fieldgrove. M. A. Flood, J. Kwasigroch.
Theo Le Beuf, Mrs. Le Beuf. F. Mannhart,, F.
Oliver, Mrs. S. Pedgrift. Miss N. Quarles, H.
Seaward, Miss A. L." Smith, Ed Spring. Mrs.
F. J. Turner and thres children, F. Udell, Miss
Nina Wallace, John West.
For Auckland — Miss A. O. Lund, George H.
Yeates.
For Sydney— J. Albert. Mrs. Albert. Mrs. H.
Burnaby, D. Hastings, Mrs. R. W. Locke and
infant, Mile: J. Lotty, Charles G. Merkley,
Mrs. Merkley and child. A. E. Montgomrie,
Mrs. L. H. Revere, P. H. Scholberg, H. Va
carcEse.
Returns to Port Disabled.
The steam schooner W. H. Kruger came
back to port under sail yesterday. She
ieft here the day before Christmas with
the schooner Lillebonne in tow. Both
were bound for Tiilamook, but during
a northwest gale when forty miles south
west of Point Arena the steamer and
her tow parted company. "While search
ing for the missing schooner, which in
the meantime had stood off shore, the
Kfuger lost her propeller and had to
put back to San Francisco under sail.
It was an unfortunate accident, as both
vessels were near their destination at
the time.
The Kruger is now on the dock getting
a new propeller and will sail to-morrow
for Tiilamook. She will pick up the
Lillebonne if that vessel has not already
made port.
Water Front Notes.
The reinsurance on the Blackbraes Is
row 15 per cent; that on the Anglia 90
per cent, Robert Duncan 70 per cent and
Earl Cadogan 15 per cent.
Chief Wharfinger Percy Henderson was
presented with a handsome chain and
diamond locket yesterday.
The British ship Alcinous arrived from
Europe yesterday after a good run of
140 days from Hamburg. She carries a
general cargo.
The new tug General Alexander will
have her trial en the bay next Tuesday.
She has been built to replace the Yo
semite. and a full description of the
craft has already been published in The
Call.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The British bark Bankburn is under charter
to load salmon at Victoria for Liverpool, 37s
«;d, option of London 40s, or wheat at Tacoma
for Port Natal 37s <M. chartered prior to ar
rival. The French ship Iloche will load wheat
and barley here for Europe. 35s 6d; the Ger
man Khlp Robert RIckmers, v/heat at Tacoma
for Europe. 40s. prior to arrival; the British
Fhlp Torridon. wheat at Portland for Europe;
the British ship Wondu, same. 32s 6d, char
tered prior to arrival.
Wheat for Europe.
The ship Aryan was cleared yesterday for
Queenstown fcr orders with C9.276 ctl3 wheat,
valued at $72,740, and 26,000 feet lumber as
dunnage, valued at $390.
The Sonoma's Cargo.
The Oceanic Steamship Company s Sonoma
sailed yesterday for Sydney and way ports with
a general merchandise cargo valued at $142.
547, manifested and destined as follows: For
Australia, $07,702; New Zealand, $31,204; Sa
moa, $2310; Noumea, $307: Fiji Islands, $454;
South Africa. $10,480. The principal exports
were as follows :•
To Australia — 12,730 cs and 255 half bbls
saimon, 24.813 lbs hops, 10 CFks bottled beer.
rn',000 lbs bluestone, 57 cs boots and shoes,
04,000 lbs codfish. 8425 lbs dried fruit, 141
pk^s drugs, 7*50 doors, 2 pkgs dry goods, 10
pkgs electrical supplies, 2SG pkgrs hardware, 176
cs <52 pkgs metal polish, 20 pkgs machinery 34
bales overalls. 5 bbls lubricating oil. 165 bdls
paper, 15 cs paint. 00 cs potash, 214 colls rope,
3387 lbs seed, 1200 lbs shrimps.
To New Zealand— 33. 4G1 lbs dried fruit. 3800
lbs codfish, 1148 cs assorted canned goods. 1159
cs canned salmon, 4500 lbs and 500 bxs raisins.
0 cs arms and ammunition. 13 crts bicycles and
sundries. 1 cs shoes, 3548 lbs coffee, 3(J pkgs
groceries end provisions, 1200 lbs hops, 12 cs
metal polish, S5 pkgs machinery, 8 bales over
alls, 5 bdls oars, 3G2 bxs oranges, 5 bbls lu
bricating oil, 203 bdls paper, 35 pkgs saddlery
and harness 50 gals wine.
To Samoa — 13. - i8 lbs bread. 30 cs whisky. 4
crts bicycles and sundries, 80 cs 3 pkgs sal
mon, 9 csks bottled beer, 24 cs assorted canned
goods, 625 lbs millstuffs, 84 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 10 bbls flour, 4 cs drugs, 7 pkgs
hardware, 4 cs paint. 82 gals wine, 3 pkgs
twine, 5 cs lamp goods, 305 lbs ham, 3 pkgs
dry goods, CO cs coal oil. 300 lbs peas. 20 crts
potatoes. 5 crts onions.
To Fiji Islands — 105 eg canned salmon, 37 cs
canned fruit. 4 cs' metal polish.
To Noumea — C2 cs assorted canned goods, 5
cs 1 bbl ealmon. 60 lbs hops, 120 lbs lard, 50
lbs dried fruit, 2 cs extract. !
• To South Africa — 1761 cs canned salmon, 900
cs canned fruit, 11,800 lbs dried fruit.
Notice to Mariners.
WILLAPA BAY. WASHINGTON.
THE SAN FRANCISCO -CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1901.
Notice Is hereby given of the following
changes ln the aids to navigation in this dis
trict, which affect the List of Beacons and
Suoys. Pacific Coast, 1901:
Willapa Bay, main channel across the bar
and up the Willapa River, page 64.
Inner buoy, a black and white perpendicu
larly striped first-class nun, heretofore reported
adrift, was replaced on its station Inside the
bar en December IV. 1001.
North errt of Sand Island buoy No. 4, a
red, first-class nun, heretofore reported adrift,
was found to be in position on December 17,
1001.
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
W. P. DAY,
Commander, U. S. N., Lighthouse Inspactor.
NOONDAY ROCK, CALIFORNIA.
It is reported that Noonday Rock bell buoy,
red and black horizontal stripes and marked
'"Noonday Rock'" to. white, was adrift Decem
ber 23 about one mile northwest of North
Farallon Islet, California. It will be recovered
if possible and replaced in" position at the
earliest date practicable.
SAN FRANCISCO HARBOR, CALIFORNIA
It is reported that Packard Rock buoy, bOc
ond-class spar, red and black horizontal stripes,
marking Packard Rock in Mission Bay San
Francisco Harbor, California, has dragged
about 300 feet N\V. by N. of its proper position.
It will be replaced at the earliest date practi
cable.
This notice affects the List of Beacons and
Buoys. .Pacific Coast, 1901, pages 18 and 22
By order of the Lighthouse Board.
J. B. MILTON,
Commander, U. S. N., Inspector Twelfth Light
house District.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. Due.
Mandalay. . . . Coquille River Dec. 27
Pleiades Comox Dec ''7
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay..! Dec' 27
K. Dollar.... San Pedro Dec 27
Australia Tahiti Dec' 2T
Amer. llaru.. China & Japan.. ....... Dec "7
O. Dollar.... Grays Harbor Dec. 27
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Or'ord.'' Dec. 27
Despatch San Pedro Dec 28
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports Dec' 28
Curacao '. Mexican Ports Dec. 28
Herodot Hamburg & Way Ports. Dec. 28
Eureka Humboldt Dec. 1*3
Empire Coos Bay Dec 28
San Jose Panama & Way Ports.. Deo. 29
Edith Seattle Dec 20
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way Pts. Dec. 29
Washtenaw. . Tacoma Dec 2D
J. S. Kimball Seattle & Tacoma '. Dec" 30
Xome City... Seattle Dec' 30
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Dec' 51
Columbia Portland & Astoria Dec 31
Rival Willapa Harbor Dec 81
Crescent City Crescent City Dec' 31
Coronado. . . . San Pedrol Dec' :"1
Maria Xanaimo I.* " Dec" 31
Pomona Humboldt .'•. Dec! 31
Alameda Honolulu .Jan' 1
Mackinaw. . . Tacoma ] j an ' j
Santiago Valparaiso & Way Pts. Jan' •>
Pt. Arena Point Arena Jan" *>
Umatilla IPuget Sound Ports Jan! 2
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way Pts. Jan. 2
Corona Newport & Way Porta. Jan 2
City Peking.. China & Japan Jan. 3
TO SAIL.
Steamer. ' Destination. Sails. Pier.
December 27.
R. Dollar. . Seattle & Everett... 5 pm Pier 2
Chs. Nelson Humboldt 5 pm Pier • 2
Sequoia.... Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier *J
City Puebla Puget Sound Ports.- 11am Pier u
December 28.
Corona.... Newport &'Way.... 0am Pier 11
Point Arena Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Despatch.. Seattle & Falrhaven 6pm Pier Hi
San Juan.. Panama & Way Pts. 12 m PMSS
Coptic..... China & Japan 1 pm PMSS
Pomona... Humboldt : l:30p Pier 0'
December 29.
Mandalay.. Coquille River 5 pm Pier 2
Arcata Coos Bay & Pt. Orf'd 10 am Pier 13
Alliance. . . Portland & Way Pts 9 am Pier 16
Santa Ana. Seattle & Tacoma. .. 10am Pier *J
G. Elder — Astoria & Portland. 11 am Pier 2-t
North Fork Humboldt 0 am Pier 2
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way.. 0am Pier H
December 30.
Kmplre.... Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
: Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
Rainier Seattle & N Whatcm 5pm[Pler 2
January 1. |
State Cal.. San Diego & Way.. 0 am Pier 11
Walla Wall Puget Sound Ports.. 11am Pier 0
January 2.
Coronado.. Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier. 2
Nome City. San Diego Pier
O. Dollar. . Grays Harbor 5pm|P1er 2
Bonlta Newport & Way Pts OamiPierll
Jnnmiry 3. ' |
Columbia.. Astoria & Portland.. 11 am | Pier 24
FROM SEATTLE. ~
Steamer. For. Sails.\
City Seattle.. Skagway & Way Ports Dec. 30
Cottage City. Skagway & Way Ports. Dec. 31
Al-KI Skagway & Way Ports. Jan. 5
Bertha Valdez and-Kodlak. .. . . Jan. 7
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco,' Cal
December 2C, 1901. \
The Time Ball on the tower of the Ferry
building- was dropped exactly at noon to-day,
I. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean time.
W. H. STANDLEY.
Lieutenant U. S. Navy, in Charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Cnlted States Coast and Geodetic Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27.
Sun rises 7:23
Sun sets 4:57
Moon rises ....7:48 p. m.
D Time Time Time Time
e Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
S HW L W HW L W
27 1:28 5.1 6:06 2.7 12:11 6.2 7:03 — 1.0
28 2:11 6.3 7:04 2.6 1:OC 5.8 7:48 0 5
2\i 2:56 5.4 8:08 2.5 2:06 5.2 8:31 0.1
50 3:38 5.4 9:17 2.4 3:10 4.U 9:16 0.6
51 4:21 6.5 10:30 2.2 4:19 4.2 10:01 1.2
1 6:1« 5.5 11:60 1.9 5:41 3.8 11:07 1.8
2 6:05 5.4 12:49 1.6 7:02 3.7
L W H W L W H W
3 0:02 2.3 6:52 5.4 1:42 1.2 8:16 3.7
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of tha.
day in the order of occurrence as to time; the
■ THE EMPORIuk, | THE EMPORIUM. ■ | THE EKPOBITTM. | THE EMFORIXTM.
A Little More Than Half for Many Others.
[ Busy days are planned for this, week between Christmas and New Year's getting departments into shape again.
Stocks must be straightened out after the immense holiday rush. All exclusive holiday goods have been reduced
one-hall to close them out to-day and to-morrow. Many broken lines are to be weeded out before .the annual stock-
taking begins; goods that are the least bit shop- worn .will also be re-priced for speedy selling. Come in and look
around to-day;* also read the announcements" in next Sunday's papers.
Isn't iheu somsthing that you want in these liets.at much less than you expected to pay?
Half Price To-day and Saturday.
All-Calendars and Christmas Cards on Friday and Saturday at just half our regular selling prices. This offering
includes all of our Foreign, Eastern and Local Calendars and Cards. Positively no reservations. m
Smoker Sets Fancy Pen Wipers Match Stands Photograph Stands
Ash Trays Ink Stands Fancy Nic-nac Boxes Thermometers
Fancy Taps Measures Jewelry Boxes NccKtic Boxes Hand-painted Drapes
Pin Cushions Hand -embroidered Linens Work Rolls Hand-embroidered Cushions Bag Frames
And the surplus stock of our Novelty Pin Cushions comprising a large assortment of styles, but only a few of each kind.
VeSSin§s ' 7 °: w , Tailor Dresses La c%l£ n ° g D gf e ?
of 1 8-inch all- You caa start the x~-n /t\
. w^ll , E iik v e mng; 14 . • - M Sgt&aoTi><^ i & E4i"&E€ New Y « r in a k^ r %^>
styles; M^ III MB® %£ !g& $L MS StSBM 9 handsome suit of T*f F^f
/®\V®P'Jr" Slu fancy Tuxedo ..;•-... clothes or an over- jB& JcZL
/M^-'M^^Jl-m chenii7e ! tS Two Days Only—Friday and Saturday. «>* for which yO u /f^W\ ■
4$^-(&* i i5? t-nennie spots, * . .* ■ ~ * have paid from one- l\ \ \\ I \
in brown, navy, ,. ,. ' V t 4-U" » quarter to on-- l\\\\ L^JLA
._^r~-|f|Tp^) gra y and tan All of our best styles of this season s third less than its / J [
\M&->- S^rret: colored all-wool Tailor Dresses (no blacks) JS$ I VrTJ -
\"*^ ] £l orr \Z A in the best shades offgray, brown and *&W th , e ho 'i d t y ' cl «*" m « / f JV
\ 35 C P er y ard ; ■ . ■■-■•-., •.-■.". . •:' ° J . 3 V-A sale which positively 1 I I i
on^fpecial sale to-day, Friday only; Jf naVy, bOtll SOM COlOr .^nd mJXed \ \X\ all /\^\ C " * * t(> - morrow /]| f~7jl I
— — '—1^ '—1 — of the most fashionable cloths. p| 2^V' R \l' . * II \ i
■* n % 11/ Men s $12.50 In I 1 fl
UndermUSiin Bargains* $ 1 5-°° Drrsses — Friday and Saturday $9.95 !>v\ • jp? Sack Sults ' cut in LX / \ n
!■£££—* Our Holiday selling $ 1 6,50 and $ 1 8. oo Dresses— Friday and Saturday. ;.. rT&^Ti *" new m j litary /' \«l
¥2&.Y//7//////fa v uir-u ■• <r» « r> jo j— J»»4^ / 'tyle, made of new j I 1
? ? T 7 ■■■■■ • V • •■- • • ■■'-■ \ W. : ••••/; $ t2 '4S $g& \ all wool materials, 1 .. /
: !i':'!IH ntSi many lou 520 . 00 and <22. 50 Dresses— Friday - and Saturday %^ \ now , 5005, SS_ j 1
/ '■'■, " \i//C)i in the Undermus- ■ ■ . . ; ...... ..V.I . -. .4. ,,,. ; .. ».*.. . — , m — —^ _ \tiT, / 3 I \
11 V6L lin Department. '• -- : - -•'■■:' "T-^^^ -' '...$14m95 ' A Men's $15. 00 Sack Efe/ V <^>.
'/ / UFN Note ftom the $25.00 and $27. 5b'Dre:scs-^Ffiday. and Saturday. ... /^jitx h\ Suit3 » e 1 ual t0
/ I ■\\M 1 «mpl« below how 'l.-.'i^v. $19.75 '^SfJi if\\ custom made in tit and finish, now 5I/.45
/ ' MrR w = "broken" « 3O . OO ancLfoz.i'^Drei&'s^riday and Saturday .... Cjf/TM IW\ ■ Men * 8 * I5 -°° Ovcrcoa£s ' in two J^ lo " e ~
I. I . V| prices to quickly * 3 ■-f'J'..;^p i^0^ } . «OO \\ cut styles, now • ...... .$11.45
(hri" /? '^M dispose of them. • • • • : • • • • • '' T '^'^J7^ ' '•*U f .", \ '-9^^»OU f / / \\\J Boys' $7.50 Vestee Suits, for ages 3 to 6 years
W^^—rrggB Ladies' Aprons— $35-°° and $40.00 Dresses— Fnday and Saturday v^ t[ W*> only, now ..... . . . . . $3.88
■ "^^^^T Big ones; used on . '. _, . ..^HSB • • • $24.75 \ B oys' $10.00 Overcoie, the new Russian and
our Apron booth; : g5£~£3£2 AutomobKe styles, handsomely trimmed, for
were S oc; to dose , . . 25c : .-V'fi^ — agts 3 to 7 yon, now . . . . . $6.95
Ladizs' Fine Gowns — Nicely trimmed; were ___'' v h*' s S " • : hi
LadiVs^FinTskirts— Law 6 trimmed;' were' « 3 . 50^ R^"^ P® K^^Plci M iMJi Clt °°" jH <fra P un S^ >3 » 19 years of age.
Children's Wristlets— Black only; were "25c; To-morro\V ffl mjg» ***>- Calif ortNJa,'* L2,r§c5t- *&& ifM T 0 - nl g nt Boys' $3.50 Double Breasted Suits, for boys 8 to
now luo Night. ™-v ; - '. Anycricala Ora.i\dcM Store. *H at Six. 15 years, now $2,43
\W4W& WtfaWdl* *'«'«'« fe a * WttCdMtiA W<Z"*WA AAA r 4AytA'A"A*WA&4A"A*AAA*AKAA "A A A* A A a 4°a M WiMWA 'aWaWA'AAAWA'aJI AAAA^A "/JAWA'A'A AWa'aTA
DRUMMERS MEET
IN CONVENTION
Membership of Associa
tion Doubles in the
Year.
The eleventh annual convention of the
Pacific Coast Commercial Travelers' As
sociation was held yesterday in Sherman
& Clay Hall. Some 250 drummers were
in attendance.
President'* R. H. Davis was in the chair.
During the morning Past Presidents J.
C. Eubahks, William J. Barrett, W. F.
Peterson and A. W. Weil were called to
the platform.
Reports of the president and various
committees showed a rapid growth ln
membership and advancement of the ob
jects of the order. The membership has
increased from 235 to 472 during the year.
Secretary A. C. Boldemann read the re
ports of several sub-committees on the
linancial condition and beneficiary fea
tures of the organization. They showed
assets amounting to $12,207 40.
J. Earaberger read the report of the
committee on deaths, the members pres
ent rising while the names of the follow
ing deceased members were read: M.
Baruch, E. F. McNaugh, J. H. Cammett.
W. H. Quaid and William Lowenberg.
The officers were re-elected, as follows:
President, R. H. Davis; vice president, C.
L. Wallace; secretary, A. C. Boldemann; treas
urer, B. B. Galland; directors — Loe Jacobs, \V.
F, Peterson, Henry Campe, S. Moseley Woods,
J. Bamberger, Henry Getteson and J. H.
Davies. _ % ■
The annual joint benefit of the associa
tion and the United Commercial Travel
ers will be given at the Grand Opera
house to-night.
The Original Little Beneficencia Publics'
Company of t>an Francisco. Organized
September, 1S93. Drawing December
2G. 1901.
No. 39350 wins $7500. cold in San Francisco,
Cal.; No. 47375 wins $2000, sold ln San Fran
cisco, Cal.; No. 24439 wins $1250, sold in San
Francisco, Cal.; Nos. 5078, 2l'53O, 38781, 41127
and 7S50S each wins $125, sold in Stockton and
Sain Francisco, Cal. •
GUTHRIE. O. T. , Dec. 26. — Governor Pleas
ant Porter of the Creek Nation haa been suc
cessful in his efforts to have Congressman De
Graffenreid of Texas prepare a bill to present
to Congress providing for the admission of
Indian boys to West Point. ♦
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in
addition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus ( )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given is subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Thursday, December 26.
Stmr Corona, Glelow, 64 hours from Ven
tura, etc.
Stmr W H Kruger. Krogr, from sea, ln dis
tress.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 18 houra from Eureka.
Strar Fulton, Levinson, (35 hours from Port
land.
Stmr San Pedro, Reiner, 63 hours from
Grays Harbor; bound south, put ln for orders.
Stmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 6S"4 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 43 hours.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 40 hours from
San Die-o.
Stmr iilpsy, Leland, 22 hours from Monterey
and way ports. .
Stmr Westport, Erickson, 43 hours from San
Pedro. M
Br nhlD Alcinous, MacCormaig, 140 days*
from Hamburj.
Bark Tidal Wave, Lleblg, 9 days from Port
Ludlow.
Schr Jennie Grlffln, Campbell, 6 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Eliza Miller, Johnson, 5 days from
Cocs Bay. .
Schr North Bend, Jackson, 7 days from Co
lumbia River. ,.
Schr Halcyon. Johnson, 6 days from Gray3
Harbor.
CLEARED.
Thursday, December 26. '
Stmr Sonoma, Von Oterendorp, Honolulu and
Sydney; J D Spreckels & Bros Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, , Jepsen, Victoria, etc;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
■ Ship Aryan, Pendleton, Queenstown; Glrvln
& Eyre. •
SAILED.
Thursday, December 26.
Stmr Sonoma, Von Oterendorp, Sydney and
Honolulu.
Stmr Geo Loomls, Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr South Coast, Olscn. . .
Stmr Alcazar. Martin, Cleone.
■Stmr San Pedro. Reiner, San Pedro.
Stmr Homer, Donaldson, Eureka.
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, Crescent»Clty.
Schr Chaa R Wilson. Johnson, Grays Har
bor. ,
Sehr ReDortcr. Hansen. Grays Harbor. —
Schr Jas A Garfleld, McCarron, Grays Har
bor. . ,
Schr Archie and Fontie, Skipper, Flsks Mill.
. . SPOKEN. )
. Nov 27. lat 29 S. Ion 47. W— Br ship Castle
CRAP GAME ROW
ENDS IN MURDER
White Man and His Son
Killed by Desperate
Negroes.
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Dec. 26.— In a
general fight between white men and ne
groes at Chlldersburg yesterday afternoon
a white man and his son were killed,
while a white boy and one negro were
wounded. With great difficulty a general
outbreak was prevented. The negroes are
now ln jail at Talladega. The dead:
J. BIRD, middle-aged, white man.
REUBEN BIRD, his son, aged 15 years.
The wounded. Tom Holley, a negro,
probably fatally; George Bird, white, shot
in the legs.
The trouble grew out of a crap game,
the negroes having quarreled over the
winnings. Tom Hoiley shot at one of the
party, when J. •Bird, a white man, came
up and advised the negroes to stop light
ing. Holley, becoming angered at the in
terference-, lired on Bird, mortally wound
ing him. Bird's two sons rushed to his
siae and one of them shot the negro Hoi
ley, inflicting a fatal wound. By this
time the negroes were firing on both the
boys and they began to seek shelter.
Reuben Bird went to his father, who was
dying, and was ordered by George Woods
a negro, to run. .
TTie boy begged to remain by his father,
but on failure to move was shot dead.
Charles Woods, father of George Woods
then shot the elder Bird again. George
Bird was shot in the leg while escaping.
A large crowd of whites quickly gathered
and, surrounding the negroes, captured
them all and took them to Talladega
For a while it seemed as if a race riot
would result, but the qtiick action of con
servative citizens prevented an outbreak.
Changes in Army Circles.
"WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— The following
army orders were issued to-day:
Lieutenant Colonel Charles Y. Noble,
Sixteenth Infantry, is relieved from re
cruiting duty at Indianapolis, Ind., and
will report to the commanding general
of the Department of California at San
Francisco for duty.
Chaplain George* Robinson, First Infan
try, is relieved from duty at Fort Lc-av
onworth, Kansas, and ordered to join his
regiment in the Philippines, proceeding
via transport from San Francisco.
Rock, from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
MEMORANDUM.
Per stmr San Pedro — Captain E D jahnsen.
late master of stmr, was taken , suddenly slcK
of pneumonia at Aberdeen and had to be
taken to the hospital.- First officer brought
stmr down. - " . I-
Per stmr W H Kruger— Left San Francisco
Dec 22 for Tiilamook with schr Lillebonne ln
taw. Dec 24, at 2:30 am, lost tow'ln NW
Kale 40 miles SW of Point Arena. Dec 24 11
p m, lost propeller and returned to r San Fran
cisco under Bail. '■■■ ■ •••'"• ■
Per Br ship Alcinous— Left Hamburg" Auk 7.
Had SW wind to 17 W: took "the trades on
Aug 27 in lat 30 N, Ion 20 W. carrying them
to the equator, which was crossed Sopt 19 in
■24 W; took SE trades in 12 S," carrying them
to the Horn. Was 17 days 'from 60 'to 50 S;
took SE trades in !>0 S...0O W. .carrying them
to 6 N. Crossed equator Dec 2, 115.W. thence
to port E and N winds and cafes. "_
• MISCELLANEOUS'.* .V. '\ ",
KODIAK, Nov 21— Tug Discovery . arrived
leaking badly. Took 24 hours to repair before
sailing. .
BALLARD, Dec 2G— The Ger" ship Robert
RIckmers dracgred 'anchors and collided with
the tichrs Mlldren and Stim«on- to-day.- The
Mildred had her bowsprit'. carried away anl
the Stimson had her bowsprit .carried away,
a larce hole stove in. her side and. consider
able deck damage.
TELEGRAPHIC. .: ■'■'--
POINT LOBOS, Dec 20, 10 pm— Weather
hazy; wind NW. . velocity 4 miles.., -,;■.
DOMESTIC PORTS. ••: I -"
KODIAK— Arrived Nov 21— Stmr Discovery,
from Juneau, for Dutch Harbor. .
SAN PEDRO — Arrived Dec 20— Schr Sadie,
from Unique: bktn Skaclt, from Port Gam
ble; stmr Ruth, from Boweii3 Landing.' :
EUREKA— Arrived Dec 20 — Stmrs Eureka
and. Sf.nta Barbara, hence Dec. 25; schr Ber
tha Dolbeer, hence Dec IS.
Sailed Dee 26 — Stmr Aberdeen, for San Fran
cUco. •
, SAN DIEGO — Sailed Dec 20 — Brijj Geneva,
for Eureka. /
ASTORIA— Arrived Dec -2S— Stmr Columbia,
hence Dec 24. • . .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Dec 26—
Stmr State of California; from San Diecro; Ger
shlpC J Waetjsn, from Hamburg:;. Br ship
Inchcape Rock, from Antwerp.
Sailed Dec 20 — Stmr Santa Rosa, for San
Francisco; etmr Mlneola.'for. Nanalmo.
-PORT TOWNSEND— Sailed Dec 25— Chil
bktn Hawaii, from Algoa Bay, from What
com.
VENTURA — Arrived Dec '2S — Barse Santa
Paula, hence Dec 24, and sailed for San.Fran-
CiSfO. ".-•> ..... ■ . -,- . .' ......
SEATTLE— Sailed Dec 2ft— Stmr Czarina
for Tacoma. Dec 25— Stmr Dolphin, for Skag
way. - . .
' BOWENS: LANDING— Arrived Dec 2(5— Stmr
Scotia, hence Dec 23. ' - .
WOMEN MAY SIT
AS DELEGATES
The Methodist Episcopal
Church Adopts New
Constitution.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— Announcement was
made here to-day that the new constitu
tion of the Methodist Episcopal church,
which was adopted at the last general
conference of that denomination, held in
the Auditorium in 1900 and referred to the
various conferences throughout the ctmn
try, has finally been approved by the
three-quarters vote required. The vote i3
as follows: Ayes, 8968: nays, 2231.
The element which opposed the new or
ganic law of the church because it pro
vided for the admission of women as' dele
gates to the general conference made war
on the constitution all along, but met
with defeat.
One hundred and twenty-one annual
conferences voted on the question, a total
of 10,709 ballots beings cast by delegates.
The principal changes provided for in the
new constitution are:
It gives women the right to sit as dele
gates in the general conference, gives
laymen's electoral meetings authority to
vote on constitutional questions and
changes the vote necessary in the gen
eral conference to amend the constitution
from three-fourths to two-thirds.
Completion of Railroad Extension.
LIBERAL, Kans., Dec. 26.— The Rock
Island extension from Liberal to Santa
Rosa, N. Mex., was completed to-day.
The El Paso and Eastern, which is build
ing from White Oaks to Santa Rosa, will
not be finished before January 15, when
through connections will be made and the
California business turned to this line.
The line from here to El Paso will all be
under the Rock Island management. The
telegraph line Is also completed to that
point and is in working order.
Dix Will Be Extradited.
LONDON, Dec. 26.— The lawyers of H.
St. John Dix, who is accused of larceny
committed in the United States and with
wrecking the Scandinavian-American
Bank at "SVhatcom, Wash., say they will
not appeal against the decision of the
magistrate at the Bow-street Police
Court, who, on December 17, granted the
demand for the extradition of Dix. Dlx
will sail for. the United States January 4.
COOS- BAY— Barbound Dec 26— Stmr Ar
cata.
PORTLAND— Arrived Dec 26— Ship William
Mitchell, from Cape Town; ship Glenlln, from
Valparaiso.
EASTERN PORT. .
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 24—Stmr Advance,
for Colon.
FOREIGN PORTS.
1 MANILA — Sailed Dec 6 — Br shlo Fred E
Scammell, for San Francisco.
ALGOA BAY— Sailed Dec 24— Br ship Drum
burton, for Newcastle, Aus.
for ?I En-£n } ~ SaUed ■ I>eC 21 ~ Br Btmr M °i*une.
HONUKONG- Sailed Dec 21 — Stmr Tacoma
for Tacoma; stmr Victoria, for Tacoma.
Arrived Dec 24— Br stmr Teenkai. from Se
attle.
HIOGO — Arrived Dec 23 — Br atmr Pak LIns
from Singapore, for Seattle.
NEWCASTLE, Aus — Arrived Dec 26 — Ship
St Francis, from Adelaide.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Dec 24— Br stmr Gae
lic, for San Francisco. '
HAMBURG — In port Nov 23 — Br bark Nl
velle, for San Francisco.
CALETA BUENA — Sailed Dec 6 — Br ship
Pericles, for San Francisco.
• GREENOCK — Sailed Nov 8 — Br ship Sena
tor, for Seattle.
SHANGHAI— Sailed Dec 5— Br bark Purl
tan, for Tacoma. Nov 4 — Br bark Elizabeth
Nicholson, for Vancouver.
CALDERA — Sailed Oct 31 — Br bark Bank
burn, ■ for Tacoma.
LIVERPOOL — Sailed Nov 27 — Br bark Holy
wood, for -Vancouver.
MAZATLAN— Sailed Dec 23— Stmr San Jose,
from Panama and way ports, for San Fran
cisco. (■
SAL1NA CRUZ — Arrived Dec 23— Bktn
Amaranth, hence Oct 29.
Sailed Dec lit — Bark Coryphene, for San
Francisco.
SHARPNESS— Arrived Dec 23— Br ship Py
thomene. hence July 11. ■
CUXHAVEN — Passed Dec ?!! — Br shia Ar
gus, from Astoria, for United Kingdom
PRAWLE POINT — Passed Dec 20 — Br ship
Claverdon, from Tacoma, for Hamburg*.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Dec 0&— Stmr La Sa
voie. for Havre; stmr. Barbarossa. for Bremen
ANTWERP— Arrived Dec 23—Stmr^Fllnt
shlre. from San Francisco, Coronel etc
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Dec 25- 'Strof Maas
dam. from New York.,
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Dec 2&-Stmr Noord
land. from Philadelphia.
. HAVRE— Arrived Dec 26— Stmr Serapia,
from San Francisco, for Hamburg
HAMBURG — Arrived Dec 26 — Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from New York, via Plymouth and
Cherbounr.
NAGASAKI— Sailed Dec 22— Stmr Margher
ita. for San Francisco.
QTJEENSTOWN — Sailed Dec 26 — Stmr Cym
ric, from Liverpool, for New York.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Oriental
Rug
Sale • • •
We offer our entire line of
beautiful Oriental Carpets,
Rugs and Curtains at
25% Discount
from regular prices.
Ghas. M, Plum & Go.
I39H387 MARKET ST.
COKE! COKE! COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
813 FOLSOM STREET.
San Francisco Gaa Coke for sale to famlllea
and to the trade at reduced, rates.
Oppressioa. Suffocation, Kenralgla, etc.cnred by
ESPIC'S CIGARETTES.or POWDER
Paris, J. ESPIC ; New York. E. POUOERA & CO.
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
$ visit DR. JORDAN'S great 6
{MUSEUM OF ANATOHY?
A £B lC51HA2ZZTST.fcet.6:h»7!i,S.r.C»l. £
\ . Cj^ The Lareest Anatomical Museum in the \
' 5fwS3i "fcsease P«MU»«?! 7 c«r»d »y th- oldest T
® IB! 1 s ? eci * :ist on !he Coast. Est 36 years. 0
i djgjf J DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ W tJSflfijH Consultation free and strictly priyatf.
6 1 jS^aT H I""*?"* 11 " 1 ' personally or by letter. A /
T 8 HT *S B Po*itiv» Cur* in e»ery case undertaken . '
h P it I A Write for Book. FIllLOitornY mt , i
V I I 1 BABBUCE, MAILED FRSB. ( A. I
A (J I , valuable book for mm)
r DB. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. S. P. I '
l'^^»^^fc^fc^^>^ <> *V^^^^fc> Q»| I
fllEIf CE S
FOR WEAK WOMEN.
%• m* *-'* f* k • non-po!sonon»
rVwiffP^^hH £* m "i7 for Gonorrhoea,
Gleet, Spormatorrho-a,
ASmtT CUHcS Whites, unnatural dii-
/aflggj *° X » * d»y«. \8 c^ ar S e . 9 . or any inflamma-
/rgR? Ga*r»oteed ta *■ tion, irritation or nlcera-
£»-«• PfcTeat eoaujioa. * loa °' m neons raeta-
irrflTHrFMrs fuFiiipii Pji branea « Non-astringent.
2W33&K. "• ■• *• 1>T exprens, prepaid, for
|1.00. or 3 bottles. 42.73.
VStgjjyjngpsrrCy' a Circular sent on request.
DTJTTC LIITC FOR BARBERS - bak-
■D 11 1 J L.3 il JGi IJ ers bootblacks, bath-
"^•"~*-~«^ houses, billiard table*.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, floumllls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
(stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St *
>S?^OEWEY,STROftG &CO,^g^
jgBBk n R ra n XSv Ammunition. Pistols. Cut-
a H B Hfaa SP* ler "'- Carvim? Sets. Football.
a _ H M SsJ3 Baseball, Athletic and Out-
|1| lltiff 1 ln S Goods for Holiday Trad*.
\J W a 1 tyP CO..
739 Markat St tad 511 Zttnj gt
IA/. T. F-IESS,.
K0TAB7 PUBLIC AND ATTOBNST-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldj.
Telephone Mala 0S3.
Residence, 821 California st.. below Powell.
Residence Teleahone. James 1301.
iiBflwrHi <mar ~ " • .'flnHflKI
56
FRIDAY DECEMBER 2^1901^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ?'
litntt AH. CMunc&ietUoci to W. 8. LEAKS. Ktcftjtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE Telephone Press 204
PCBLICATIOX OFFICE... Market nnd Third, S. F.
Telephone Prena 201.
IOITORIAL ROOMS 217 to SSI Steren»oa St.
Telephone Press 202.
DellTered by Carrier*, 15 Cent* Per Week.
Slnsrle Coplex. C Cent*.
Terms by Mall. Inclndlnp I>ostaeret
DAILY CALL (including Sund«y). one year J«.OO
DAILY CALL. " (including Su-day). « i- snths 8.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday), 3 months. 1.60
DAILY CALL— By Single Month .-. 65o
FtnCDAY CALL. One Year *. 1.60
WEEKLY CALL. One Year ~.- 100
All poitmaitPM are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will b« lorwarded when requested.
Mall enbseribera in oriTU.g chanire of aSdrepx should be
• rartleulu to tfve both XrW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
tn insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAKD OFFICE HIS IJrondiray
C. GEORGE KKOCXESS.
Vtsift? Fcreiga Aimtiiinf. Ktrqxtttte Bsildiag, Chicip.
(Lone Distance Telephone "Central 261S.")
1CEW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
V. C. CARI/TOS Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STKPHES B. SMITH :IO Tribune Building;
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria. Hotel; A. Brentaho. 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Ce. : Great Northern Hotel:
Tremcnt House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C> OFFICE 14OCJ G St.. 7f. \V.
MORTON E. CRANE. Corrcupondent.
HRANCH OFFICES— 827 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 100 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 8:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
t:S0 o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 22C1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until * o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
1209 Fllltror*. open until t |i. m.
AMUSEMENTS.
Tlvoll— "little RM Rldinjr Hood."
Central — "The Eilver King."
Alcttzar — "Charley's Aunt."
Colv.mbla — "Janice Meredith."
<">rTheum — Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house — "Carmen."
California — "Devil's Auction."
Chutec Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville tv-r, ait-rruon ind
eveninc.
Fischer's — Vaudeville.
Oakland Racetrack — Races to-day.
AN ENGLISH VIEW.
THE principal American opponents of a law to
recreate our merchant marine are connected in
some way with the British ship builders and
owners, and are concerned in the prosperity of the
British owners of the ships which carry the most of
our deep water commerce.
They have just been reinforced by an interview
given to the Cincinnati Enquirer by Sir Christopher
Furness, the largest fhip-builder and ship-owner in
the world.
Sir Christopher is visiting this country in connec
tion with his interest in copper properties, and while
at New Orleans in his pfivatc car sought opportunity
to make public his opinions in opposition to the
proposition to protect ship-building in this country
until we get enough bottoms under our own flag to
carry our own commerce. He said: "It could cer
tainly serve no useful purpose to subsidize passen
ger ships. They cannot be depended on to extend the
commercial relations of the country. To subsidize
them would be of*no use whatever to American
commerce. On the other hand, if subsidies were ex
tended to cargo vessels only, luch a course would not
be beneficial to commerce, and I think would only
increase the cost of freight to shippers by giving such
a large margin of profit in prospect that it would
encourajjc extravagance in expenditures and enervate
the business."
These views of Sir Christopher arc bcinn seized
1 upon as material in ih c campaign against nn Ameri
can merchant marine. Hut no one has so far shown
that they arc anything more than the opinions of n
gentleman who i* interested on the other side of the
question, lie refers to the cheapness of our steel
for t>hip-huilditiR and the advantages we have for con
struction. Dut the difficulty does not lie In the price
of material, nor is it incident to the mechanics of
construction. It is in the cost of operating Ameri
can built and repistcrcd ships after they arc built.
Even if we admit that our higher wages to ship
building mechanics do not figure against construc
tion, because of their greater skill nnd productive
power, the fact remains that in operating ships the
higher wages paid to American seamen do put our
merchant marine at a decided disadvantage.
The same issue is carried into the shipping busi
ness that prevails throughout pur industrial system.
The American wage scale leads the world and Amer
icans insist that it shall be maintained. If it be de
sirable that our flag float at sea over American ships,
they must have a measure of that protection which
has given us industrial independence on the land
or the first inroad must be made in the American
wage scale. We must reconquest our carrying trade
at the expense of the American sailor or by the joint
encouragement of the whole people.
In a recent address at the Franklin Institute in
; Philadelphia on the evolution of firearms General
Wheeler said that as late as the beginning of the
nineteenth century many military experts believed the
crossbow a more effective weapon than any firearm
then in use, and experiments made in England in
1/92 seemed to confirm the opinion. As evidences of
the slowness of army and navy officers to adopt new
inventions in arms he cited the facts that old-fash
ioned muskets were used in the Mexican war, and
that during the war with Spain our fleets were not
supplied with smokeless powder.
Not content with an insurrection at home, and im
pending conflict with Colombia, a row with the
United States over the asphalt claims and an ultima
tum threatened from Germany, President Castro of
Venezuela has picked a quarrel with France; and if
there are any other nations that wish to talk war
Castro will accommodate them.
In raiding the policy shops in New York recently
the police found papers which show that the'aggre
gate receipts of the. shops raided amounted to up
ward of $70,000 a week; so it will be seen the tin
horn gambler sometimes blows a big horn.
The society fox hunters of Long Island are com
plaining of other society folk who insist on following
the hunt in automobiles, and from that fact we may
infer what kind of fox hunting they do.
• • . *
PROSPEROUS CONDITIONS.
THE Telegram cf Portland, Or., bases a sharp
criticism of The Call on this sentence, which we
used in discussing proposed' free trade with
Cuba: "It is as much as we can do.,by careful legis
lation to preserve the conditions of prosperity for our
own people."
The Telegram scouts the idea that protection has
any part in a prosperity that it ascribes to "the ex
tent and nature of our country, the superior, charac
ter of our people and bur democratic institutions." -
'As a rejoinder it may well be said that the charac
ter of our people is founded in the nature of our in
stitutions and the legislation necessary for their
maintenance. Suppose that after we achieved inde
pendence our legislation had been. such as to leave
the people where- Great Britain held them as colo
nists, compelling them to be producers of raw ma
terial and buyers of all manufactured articles from her
or other foreign nations, will any one contend that
their character would be what it is now, their quality
the same, even with the extent and nature of the
country and its democratic institutions as they are?
Even before the constitutional period which began
in 1789, the leaders of the Revolution saw that inde
pendence meant something besides and much more
than political independence. They saw that it meant
also industrial independence, the production of raw
material and its manufacture, both by our own labor.
The first ■ tariff was passed by the first Congress,
with that end in view, and the purpose of all subse
quent tariff legislation has been the same. It has been
a system of legislation designed to supplement politi
cal with industrial freedom. Jefferson believed in it,
and Clay reduced it to formula and called it "the
American system." As our population has increased
the necessity for it has seemed to survive and be
more vital than ever.
No one denies that the resulting quality of our
people, their genius and initiative, have put many
forms of manufacture beyond the need of protection,
but no one claims with reason that they would have
reached that stage without protection. .
The industries that are now threatened by Cuban
free trade and unrestricted coitimercial intercourse
with the Philippines are agricultural..I'n some of their
aspects they are new industries. Thiejkdiversify crops.
They benefit all pre-existing agriculture by giving
land a new use. Every acre in sugar, rice and to
bacco is an acre taken from the production of cereals,
cotton and forage, and adds to the^^alue of those
crops. The Telegram says that: "Fair and just pro
tection is good in its way, but it is time to cease
making a political and economic fetich out of it."
* Will that paper contend that specific forms of agri
culture are not as much entitled to "fair and just pro
tection" as were specific forms of manufacture?
The Telegram says what no one denies, that "with
or without protection, with or without any particular
law or set or series of laws, there are periods of
prosperity and depression." No paper has more fre
quently or clearly stated this law of action and re
action than has The Call. But here again legislation
has something to do with the severity and duration of
the reaction when jj comes. Individuals who arc out
of debt do not feel hard times. Nations that are not
in debt feel them less severely than those that are
debtors. By the financial and tariff reforms insti
tuted by the Republican party since 1897 this has
ceased tc be a debtor, nation. We owe „ nothing
abroad for manufactured supplies, nor are we bor
rowers from other nations. They owe us for sup
plies, and they borrow of us. The rule is a simple
one to understand, but its practice seems to depend
on some form of authority. The first protective code
that is recorded was given to the children of Israel
by Moses, and he clearly stated the above rule by en
joining them to borrow of no man but lend to all
nations.
The Telegram sees already signs of a business re
action. To do so needs no clairvoyance nor sorcery.
So in the depths of the panic that be^an in
i&J.l. and was prolonged by our status' ns a
debtor nation, the gift of prophecy was not
required to sec the end of the hnrd times
and the reinstatement of enterprise. The panic
was prolonged by the fact that it was n slow process
of liquidation of our debts. Another pnnic will
come, but the liquidation will not require ns much
time. We nre on a better basis. A protective
tarilT, sound money and less need of liquidation will
mitigate it, and to thf.t extent legislation will prove
to lie a factor in the prosperity of our people.
It is announced that Congressman Wnchter of
Maryland has withdrawn his bill to abolish football
fjames between Annapolis and West Point, and so
one cloud passes from the sky and the coming year
may be merry after all.
HIGHER EDUJATION.
ACCORDING to figures compiled by the Phil
adelphia Press the gifts to educational institu
tions this year will be in the neighborhood of
$75,000,000. The banner year for such gifts in the
past was 1899, when the total reached the sum of
S55.ooo.ooo. In the compilation of the Press the re
cent gift to Stanford University is put down at
$15,000,000, the estimate being that such sum repre
sented the increase on the endowment originally
made by the founders. The gift of Mrs. Stanford
thus ranks as the largest of the year. Carnegie's of
fer of $10,000,000 to found an institution for research
at Washington takes second place, and the gift of
Rockefeller of $5,000,000 to the University of Chi
cago holds third place.
The New England States get a large proportion of
the total gifts. Boston gets $2,500,000 to found the
Simmons technological school for, '/women. Clark-
University, it is estimated, will get about $2,000,000
when the estate left by the founder is' settled up.
Brown University gets $1,000,000, and Harvard and
Yale each receive more than that sum, so that even
were the smaller donations to the minor colleges to
be omitted, the increase of the New England educa
tional endowments would be notable and impressive.
The North, the East and the West have thus been
generously and munificently provided for during the
year, but the South receives little. That fact is due
of course to the lack of wealth in the Southern
States. When the South has millionaires it cannot be
doubted they will prove equally liberal in promoting
education, and fortunately the number of rich men in
the South is increasing rapidly. The manufacturing
industries that are springing up in all parts of that
section will produce' wealth for the South just/as
similar industries produced it in the North, and con
sequently the time is not far distant when the yearly
summary of munificent gifts to education will be
augmented by gifts in the South as well as in other
sections of the Union.
While we are thus rapidly increasing bur educa
tional facilities and' are congratulating ourselves
upon the fact a warning comes from Germany,
where higher education has been more widely dif
fused than. in any other country in the world. Dr.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; DECEMBER '27, 15)1)1.
von Stradonitz of the University of Berlin, com
menting upon Carnegie's offer of $10,000,000 for edu
cation at Washington,- is reported to have said
Americans must begin to guard against the danger of
fostering higher education at the expense of the
practical intelligence of the people, and to have
added: "We are suffering from it in Germany. We
are burdened with an unproductive class who look
with inherited scorn on those whose education' has
been merely in the art of bread-winning. The evil
manifests itself in Germany, by the existence of an
idle element which, lacking, any other occupation,
serves the recruiting sergeant of the enemies of
social order. The fundamental feature of American
schooling as a preliminary fitting for men and women
in life's battles is truly the Darwinian principle, and
it finds a splendid vindication in the strength of
America's position in the world to-day. Mr. Car
negie's technical school endowments showed that he
was fully in harmony with the American spirit, but
his latest proposal I am unable to commend."
The warning coming from such a source is interest
ing, but.it is not likely to alarm any considerable
number of our people. It is true the endowments of
our universities are now very large and are increas
ing at an extraordinary rate, but the country is large
and the population is increasing. Moreover, the op
portunities to make use of the highest education are
abundant. It is going to be a long time before the
United States will have to complain of the "burden"
of too many learned men.
It is said the Presidential campaign in Cuba is
gradually working up to, a true American enthusiasm.
The rival parties have already begun to denounce one
another as "pig heads" and "traitors," and before the
election takes place the oratory may be quite equal
to anything our own spellbinders could do.
FOREIGNERS AND THE LAW.
HOWEVER strongly intelligent Americans
may be inclined to support their own country
"right or wrong" in a controversy with a for
eign power, it will not be easy for them to deny the
justice of the claim the Italian Government is now
making at Washington with respect to the lynching
of certain Italians in Colorado, Louisiana and Mis
sissippi. The claim is the simple one that since
Americans in Italy have all the protection the Italian
courts 'can give, Italians in this country should have
protection from the Federal courts, since it is the
Federal Government which makes the treaties under
which they come here.
In a recent statement of his side of the question
the Italian Embassador said: "In the case of Italians
residing in the United States the treaty assures them
the same rights and protection given to American
citizens. But, unfortunately, this expression of the
treaty, so far as it relates to Italians in this country,
is somewhat theoretical, for under the American sys
tem, which limits the Federal authority over States,
the central government is not able to give effect to
the guarantee laid down by the treaty. We fully rec
ognize the difficulties of this situation, which have
been as apparent to the statesmen of this country as
they have to those of Italy. We have hoped this
would bring about the enactment of' a law which
would permit the Federal Government to carry out
the guarantees of the treaties."
Under ordinary circumstances there would be no
sympathy among Americans with any effort made by
a foreign power to induce us 'tb; change quf system
of doing justice. We arc well content with our
method of leaving life and property to the care of
the States rather than burdening the Federal courts
with them except where the wrong done, is in viola
tion of a Federal statute. Upon the subject of lynch
ing, however, we arc likely to be tolerant of any sug
gestion from any source that tends to put an end to
it. Lynch law has now bfeome so prevalent that it
constitutes one of the most serious evils of the time.
In several of the States the courts are unable to ef
fectively deal with it. Consequently anything which
will bring a lynching gang to answer to Federal
nuthority instead of State authority will be widely
approved.
There is a show of reason in the claim of the
Italian Government that the Federal courts should
have power to enforce Federal treaties niul it is to
be hoped Congress cti'n provide some method of
granting the power.
MAROONI AND THE CABLES.
HARDLY more attention lias been Riven in the
East to the marvel of Marconi's dispatch of
a wireless message across the ocean than to'
the action of the Anglo-American Cable Company in
informing him that the company has exclusive rights
in the operation of ocean telegraph stations in New
foundland and that he must cease making his experi
ments there. The action has been taken as an evi
dence that the cable company recognizes a potent
rival in the Marconi system and is desirous of pro- i
tecting its monopoly in the island as fully as. possible
during the two years jt will remain in force.
Marconi has expressed the conviction that it will !
be easy to arrange terms with the cable company,
but in a good many quarters it is believed that not
only the Anglo-American but other cable companies
will fight the advance of wireless ' telegraphy by
every means in. their power.
Over that issue a warm controversy has arisen. It
is asserted on one side that should Marconi establish
wireless telegraphic communication across the ocean
the system would not be a successful rival to the
cables because of the length of time it take& to send
a wireless message and the liability of the system to
frequent interruptions and disturbances. On the
other hand it is said tht Marconi system can be oper
ated so cheaply it will be possible for the managers
to profitably transmit messages across the ocean for
one cent a word. It i? argued that such competition
will force the cable companies to. reduce prices even
ifjthey continue to hold the bulk of the commercial 4
business that requires quicker dispatch than Marconi
can cive. •'. . i^", s :;-v! r C
It will be seen that neither side takes into account
the possible and even probable improvement of the
wireless system until it reaches a degree of perfec
tion that it can transmit messages as rapidly as by
wire. That probability, however, is one that the cable
companies have not overlooked. At any rate the ac
tion of the Anglo-American Company has given no
tice to the world that it looks upon the Marconi tele
graph as a rival in even "its present , experimental
stage, and consequently the public will be justified in
reaching the same conclusion.
General Grosvenor of Ohio has introduced into
Congress a bill providing that all manufacturers of
cloth , of mixed- shoddy and wool shall tag it in
plain letters and figures showing the percentages of
the mixture. Tailors and clothiers are also required
to tag all garments. The only defect- in the bill is
that it does not provide that people who wear the
I cloth .shall also have it tagged.
NEW YORK WEATHER JUST NOW NOT
A BIT LIKE THE LOCAL ARTICLE
NEW YORKERS ARE EXPERIENCING WEATHER MUCH DIFFERENT FROM THE BALMY BREEZES AND SUN
SHINE THE PEOPLE OF SAN FRANCISCO HAVE RECENTLY ENJOYED. THE ABOVE ILLUSTRATION
SHOWS STORM-SWEPT PARK ROW AS IT APPEARED ON DECEMBER 17.
FOR five hours yesterday afternoon and evening, says the
New York World of December 18, New York had the real
thing in the way of a snowstorm. It set in at 3:25 and
stopped at 8:23 p. m. and began again at 11 p. m. The
wind was northerly during most of the, storm, but by 10 p. m.
had shifted into the north and northwest and the storm center
had moved off Block Island.
Although the Instruments of the Weather Bureau showed
that the snow began sifting down at 3:25 p. m.. but few people
were aware that the storm had started in business until 4
o'clock. Then It came down In a good old-fashioned way,- such
as "grandfather" and "the oldest resident" talk about In the
PERSONAL MEMION.
Dr. Humphreys of Honolulu Is at the
California.
A. Mor.cure. a fruit grower of Palermo,
is nt the Occidental.
0. L. McCnndless. a merchant of Sacra
mento, Is at the Grand.
The Right Ttev. F. R. Graves of Shang
hai in it guest at tho Occidental.
Railroad Commlsnloner FAron Is dWn
from (jnsclle «nd la at tho Occidental.
D. J. Paddock, a merchant of Bantu
Romi, l» among tho arrivals nt th* Ruxa.
1* F. Swift, n pork packer nnrt prom
inent uuMChnnt of Chlcaio, M nt tlw i'nl
itcc.
J. K. Terry, ft lumberman of Baera
nu'nto, Is uprmtlnR it ttw <lny» nt tho 1'nl
nG0<
Tho Hew IUikMI Tnlbot of Munlln, m
cumpr.titnl by hid wlf«\ in r»|UtaiQj nt th»
Oiclaenint.
John A. McltUlrts a mining man who
roMdfH nt KuernniAMtOi In ipciuiInK fl f»>w
tiny* nt tho Lick.
OGorgo N. Penney Jr., formerly of this*
city but now practicing lnw In Ne>\v York,
Im hero en u short visit nnd In at tho Till
nit.
\\\ D. dp Jnrnett, ono of tho rnnut ex
tonslvo fruit growers of the Btntc, is
down from Coluta nnd is at, tho Occt
rionUit.
Mnrlon Hlffgn Jr.. tho well-known bnnk
er of Orovllle, is here on n short business
trip and hns mtulc his headquarters at the
Cirnnd.
George E. Gnrd, formerly chief tlotectlvo
of tlio Southern 1'aHflc Company but now
engaged In business in Los Angeles, Is at
the Urn nil.
v CRllfornians in Washington.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 20.— The following
Cnltfornlans arrived here to-day ar.d reg
lstcrttl as fo'.lows: At tho iSbb.tt, t,.
Goetz; at the New Willard, W. 1'. Thom
as; nt the Arlington, L>ouglu3 Wh.te; at
the National, James Young and K. O.
Lincoln, ail of bun Francisco: ut thj
■Raleigh, WiJlitim Kamsay of fcanta Paula,
Lester U Morse of Ban;a Clata ana lb
car Hoffman or San Francisco.
Cnlifornians in New York.
NEW YORK, Dec. 25.— The following
Callfornians are in I*ew York: .
From San Fran<;iseo— R. E. Revalk and
W. I. Morrison at the Imperial: J. Wal
ton and wife at tho Gerard; L. Eastland
at the Sturtevant; R. N. Chappell at the
Park Avenue; W. H. H. Hart at the Hol
land; L. Kalman. D. J. Moses and G. M.
Perine at the" Herald Square; Dr. J. XV.
Wand at the Manhattan; M. Waddio and
wife at the Victoria. . ,
From Los Angeles— R. L. Baker and
Mrs. A. L. Bancroft at the Victoria: F.
M. Bradshaw at the Herald Square: J.
G. GafTey at the Hoffman.
From Oakland— C. Crowell and J. C.
Ewlng and wife at the Imperial.
The Chicago Girl— Plague take this
Eastern culture.
Her Boston Aunt— What is "the matter,
my dear?
The Chicago Girl— I've really become In
terested in Ibsen. I think he's bully; I
take to transcendentalism without any
trouble; I'm getting used, to eyeglasses
and I dote on dignity, but I can't get
over saying "rats!" Instead of merely ele
vating my , eyebrows. — Harlem Life.
Choice randies. Townser.d's, Palace Hotel.*
Ex. strong hoarhound candy. Townsend's* j
Cal. Glace Fruit 60c per ib at Townsend's. • I
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tho
Press Clipping Pureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
Comery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
Those who live in glass houses should
remember that they are easily seen
throueh.
■ ♦ ■
Don't miss hearing Henry Lloyd sing: "Our'
Watchword's Death to Anarchy and Treason"
at Oberon this week and next, h '~£\
days when they were boys. %
With the first thin covering over sidewalks and pavements
came slippery •walking'. The streets were almost Ilk© ice.
Shoppers and business men homeward bound failed In many
cases to keep their feet, to the damage of dignity and limb.
Melting slightly, the snow packed into balls beneath horses'
hoofs. On asphalt pavements coach horses slipped and slid.
Many, smooth-shod animals were brought to their knees.
In the late evening truck and truffle across the big bridge
was perilous. The roadway was like ice.
Trolley and horse car traffic was hampered In the upper part
Manhattan, the jammed cars slipping and crawling along In
clines with provoking hesitancy.
ANSWERS TO QUEKIES.
BONES— A Subscriber. City. The bones
of anlmalB are largely used in making the
handles of small brushes and those of the
more common table knives and forks, and
in the manufacture of a cheap sort of
comb. They nre also converted Into bone
black and bone dust.
LANGUAGE OF* STAMrS-Reader.
City. In thti euntlay 1m.su- of Tho Call.
niRgnxlno section, of October 22, 1SIW,
which you may consult at the Kr*«» Puhlio
Library, you will nnd an Illustrated article
describing tho lunRtinRo of stamps.
BECURINU A 1'ATKNT-Old Subucrtb
er, Occidental, t'nl. If you have an In
vention upon which you think you nr* en
titled to u jnttent thu «nfe»t way for you
to prm-wrd In to tngngn the nervlcen of a
reliable tmtent agent who will conduct nil
n*«rotlntlnn» for you «n«1 nuvn y,,u a lot
«>f trouble. You oniil.l nttetul to tho mnt.
trr yourself, hut lit m> .lolng, not bolng
convenmnt with the rule* of prncttre. you
might mnko u mistake thnt would lone
you your tuitent.
The Very Latest Color Process
Eight Pages in Beautiful Colors
That are Pleasing to the Eye
MORE WOLFVILLE
STORIES
MAJOR- SAYRES' BATTERY
By Alfred Henry Lewis
II ustra:ed by Ed Eorein, the Covvpuncher Artist
Mammy P(easant, The Woman
By Isabelle Fraser
TheReindeerQueen of Alaska
Voyage ofiiie Cordelia ffeald
By Albert Dezendorf
Mary Mannering Talks of Her
New Piay, "Graustark"
The Sunday Call Calendar for 1902
The Sunday Call Has the Literary
Magazine of the Coast.
A CHANCE TO SMILH.
"Yes, my wife reads every blessed rectpa
hhe finds In the papers."
"Heavens: And does she try them all?"
"No, «he doesn't. In fact, she never
tried a eolitary one of, 'em."
"How does that happen?"
"Why, she'si always out of iomothlnB."
—Cleveland 1'laln Dealer.
Meeks— My wife prefers coffeo (or break
fast And I prefer tea.
Weeks— Then I auppo«© you haV© both?
Mceks— Oh, no. \\> compromise.
Wffkn— On what way?
Mcrk« -w«. cumpromtio on coffo*.— Chi-
CllgO Nr'WM,
Mainiiiii -wiiufrt the matter, Willie?
Didn't you hnva n good ttme at tho party?
wnile-Nuw?
Mnnimn — PMn't you set enough to eat?
WUlte—YM] but I didn't itrt too much.—
rhllmlclphtn Hocord.
HOTRt. DKL COHONADO. eholcul Wlntd
lUaort In the world, offara b«at living, cltinau.
boating, bathing, flatting an.i moat imuif
uvtnta. H. It. Uabcock, manager. Curonado. Cat.AMUSEMENTS.
EVERT EVENING. THIS EVENING.
Cfcfif. H. Tale's Everlasting
DEVIL'S AUCTION.
20th Edition and the Best Ever.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
SUNDAY NIGHT.
BLACK PATT!
TROUBADOURS.
This Year Everything New.
Mats. New Year's Day and Saturday.
SEATS THURSDAY.
ORPHEUM ROAD SHOW!
Blclntyre and Heath, Joe Welch,
Elizabeth Murray, W. C. Fields,
Union Gatling Guards, Macomber
and Engleton, the Serenaders and
Les Agios.
Reserved Scats. 2T>o; Balcony, 10c; Box Seatu
and Opera Chairs. 50c.
** ■ B S W Ey? 8=3 1 ~
w Eveninjrs at S Sharp.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND NEW YEARS
DAY at 2 Sharp.
"THE BEST HOLIDAY SHOW EVER."
Ferris Hartrnan's Merry Extravaganza.
Little- Red
Riding Hood
IT HAS CHARMED THE TOWS.
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 75c.
Telephone Bush 9.
ifaSrH hat r £ H >
Belasco & Thall, Mgrs. *t .J0*
ALL *THIS WEEK. J??2$" <SL
MATINEE TO-MORROW S5=5? KrS
AND SUNDAY. •^g*'^
oun holiday ft:: /v%S*j|E^
CHARLEY'S
AUNT. if-W§
"From Brazil, TThere th? j& \?fi jf
A Laugh a Minute for 2 «^iL3^^: 'f*gfT
Prices — 15. 25, 35, 50, 75c. -^^^^T^\
BEldSCO amo THALD&jfatfte
<i emotcoriuu
TO-NIGHT— All This Week.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
Everybody's Favorite Play,
The Silver King
A Great Cast— A Sumptuous Production.
pDTfCC Evenings 10c to 5Oo
I111WL3 Matinees 10c, 15c. 25c
Next Week — Denman Thompson's Play
"THE TWO SISTERS."
Curtain Rises— Evenings, 8:30; Matinees, 2:15.
THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Matinee Saturday and New Year"a Day.
Mary Mannering
In a dramatic version by Paul Leicester Ford
and Edward E. Rose of the former's widely
JANICE'lEREblTH.
SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT!
Matinee Performance Thursday
Afternoon, January 2 — Mary
Mannering in "Camille."
Coming— MODJESKA AND JAMES.
TO-NIGHT. COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS'
NIGHT.
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY.
LAST NIGHTS OF
MINNIE SELIGMAN
In a. Magnificent Scenic Production of
"CARMEN."
Beautifully Staged. Elegantly Costumed.
Special Engagement of the Marvelous Dancers,
ROSE AND JEANNETTE.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c, 25c, 3Oc. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Next Week— Minnie Seligman in "A LADY
OF QUALITY."
gg|^ RACING
•^\^7iiS^E»S^3^* C very Week Day—
Gr Rain op Shine.
NEW CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
llaces start at 2:15 p. ra. •han>.
Kerry-boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
X2:ZO. 1. 1:30. -2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with train* stopping a.t the entrance to the
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no Bmoklnir. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains vU
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Urcadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with Sa.n Pablo avenue cars at Four-
teenth and Broadway, Oakland. These electric
cars go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning — Trains leave the track at 4:1C and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
CHAfi. F. PRICE. Secy, and Mgr.
CHUTES AND^OO WS g »
GRBATVAUDEVILLB KILL
BIG CHRISTMAS TREE.
A PRESENT FOR EACH CHILD.
To-morrow Night, Prize Cakewalk.
COMMENCING SUNDAY.
k=LL/\ BURT
WILL COAST THE CHUTES ON A BICYCLE.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
TTIQrWFR'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
riOl/flEri O Admission lOc.
Prof. A. J. Topping-, Eleanora Jenkins, Otto
T Johnson, Lamar and Hall. Coleman and
Mex's, Elizabeth Nella. the Paloma Quart't,
and Hinrichs' Orchestra. Reserved Beats, 25c.
Matinee Sunday and Christmas.
PALACE and I
GRAND HOTELS.
On one side of these magnificent
hotels is the wholesale and manu-
facturers' district— on the other re-
tall stores, clubs, railroad and
newspaper offices, "banks and the-
aters. Street cars to all parts of
the city— depots, ferries and parks—
pan the entrance.
American and European plans.
CALIFORNIA CREAMERY OPERATORS
HOLD FIRST ANNUAL CONVENTION
Important Addresses by Some Experts on
Subjects Pertaining to the Manufacture,
Sale and Betterment of Dairy Products
troJHE first annual convention of the
I California Creamery Operators'
I Association convened for a two
)\ days' session in the rooms of the
San Francisco Dairy Exchange,
40 California street, yesterday. Topics of
interest to the dairy and creamery men of
the State will be discussed by competent
authorities during the sessions.
There was a large attendance of dele
gates from various parts of the State.
President Henry F. Lyon of Alameda was
in the chair. William H. Saylor of San
FranciEco acted as secretary. Many of
the leading commission houses of this
city which make a specialty of handling
dairy and creamery produce were repre
sented on the floor of the convention.
Among these firms were W. H. Rouss^l
& Co.; Hllmer, Bredhoff & Schulz; Mar
tlnelli, Luhman & Co.; Hills Bros.; Brig
ham, Hoppe & Co. .
After the call to order at 9 a. m. Pro
fessor Leroy Anderson of the State Uni
versity at Berkeley invited the delegates
to inspect the dairy school, college of
agriculture and experiment station in the
university. The morning was devoted to
the tour across the bay, a party of some
twenty delegates availing themselves of
the opportunity. Several profitable hours
were spent by the delegates under the
chaperonage of Professor Anderson.
The address of the president opened the
afternoon session. President Lyon re
ferred to the history of- the formation of
the association a year ago. The member
ship then was thirty, while to-day it
reaches nearly 100, with additions coming
in every week. He thought the organiza
tion would be of vast benefit to the
creamery operators of the State because
of the Interchange of practical ideas of
the members which must result. He ad
vocated the periodical holding of scoring
contests in which the efficiency of the
operators in the art of making butter
may be shown. The speaker said that the
annual dairy output of California aggre
gated $15,000,000 In value, and that .the
association meetings would result in the ,
fostering of a spirit of fraternity and
good will between the commission • men
and operators, promote the handling and
sale of dairy products, harmonize con
flicting interests and advance the dairy
operators of the State along the proper
lines.
Committees Are Appointed.
Secretary • Saylor reported ninety-one
members on the roll and $262 30 in the
treasury of the association. The chair
then appointed the following committees:
Resolutions — Leroy Anderson, H. D. Glasier,
Thomas Hods-e.
Auditing— E. N. Bell, C. F. Andrews, A. C.
Grossman.
Butter contest — W. M. Turner, George E.
Peoples, T. G. Kins.
Professor Anderson delivered an inter
esting address on the subject, "Scientific
Education of the Creamery Operator."
He said that without some scientific
knowledge of his business the dairy ope
rator could not hope for success. The
literature upon the subject issued at in
tervals was quite voluminous, so that
there was no excuse for an operator to
work along the lines in vogue ten years
ago. The purposes of the dairy school in
operation i at the university were ex
plained. The warning was sounded that
if a man had no aptitude for butter or
cheese making his time would be wasted
in that or any other practical school.
A general discussion followed, in which
the necessity, of making- better butter for
SUN PERFORMS STUNT
ON CHRISTMAS DAY
Sets Tire to Picture in Range of Lens
in the Ferry Build- 1\
ing.
The sun did a stunt on Christmas day
that puts San Francisco's climate upon
a high plane. Shining through a window
that was closed and being focused by a
magnifying glass in a large monocle
used for the examination of photographs,
the summer-like rays of the sun set fire
to a picture of Mount Hamilton that
rested on an easel in the rooms of the
State Board of Trade in the ferry build
ing. When the rooms were opened yes
terday morning the remains of the pic
ture were seen mainly in ashes under
t Y\ p f'J^^-^l
A series of interesting experiments de
termined that the winter sun had heat
on days other than Christmas. A board
was placed in the spot where the heat
was centered and there immediately ap
peared a black spot on the board, accom
panied by the smell of scorched wood.
This confirms all that has been said
about the warmth of the winter climate
of San Francisco.
Catch a Mailbox Thief.
William Mansfield was taken before
United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday on a charge of having ta
ken from a mall box at the Intersection
of Kearny and Geary streets on Christ
mas eve a stamped package addressed,
"Miss Jesta Shoemaker, Sausahto. Cal.."
and. of having torn open the same. The
prisoner was caught in the act by Po
liceman S. W. Royeton. Mansfield was
held for trial and his ball was fixed at
$bvJ. '■_*
Petitions in Insolvency.
Petitions In insolvency were filed yes
terday as follows in the United States
District Court: Louis Brandt, farmer,
Clements, San Joaquin County, liabilities
S73S3 98, no assets; V. H. Rowe, mill man
ager San Francisco, liabilities $10,897 22,
no assets.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
VASELINE NO GOOD FOB HATK.
Dandruff Germ. Thrives in It, as "Well
as in All Grease.
A well-known Chicago hair specialist
invited the Inter Ocean reporter to come
to his office and see under a microscope
how the germ that causes dandruff
thrives in vaseline. The specialist said
that all hair preparations containing
grease, simply furnish food for the germs
and help to propagate them. The only
way to cure dandruff is to destroy the
germs, and the only hair preparation that
will do that Is Newbro's Herplcide. "De-
stroy the cause, you remove the effect."
Without dandruff no falling hair, no
baldness. Ask for Herplcide. It is the
only destroyer of the dandruff germ.
AMUSEMENTS.
CENTRAL PARK,
Market Street, near Eighth.
GAMES AT 2:30 P. M.
TO-DAY. SATURDAY. SUNDAY AND NEW
YEAR'S.
ADMISSION 25c AND 60c.
BASEBALL.
ALL-AMERICANS
NATIONALS.
TO-DAY AND SATURDAY AT 2:45.
RECREATION PARK,
• EIGHTH AND HARRISON STREETS.
THE SAN I'RAKCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1901.
the trade was urged. One delegate said
the competition was too keen, thereby
causing the manufacture of too many
cheap qualities. Another insisted that if
tho quality waa not improved the East
ern butter makers would capture our
market. The necessity of a more diversi
fied education of creamery operators was
advanced as the only solution of the prob
lem of improvement. The market was
glutted with .second rate, butter marked
v.ith the best creamery brands, thereby
deceiving the public and harming the in
terests of the trade. With proper edu
cation this growing evil must eventually
bo removcil.
Thomas Hodge next spoke on the ques
tion, "How Can the Creamery Operator
Aid the Merchant?" The speaker urged
that the operators should visit the mcr
chants with whom they do business and
study the methods of shipment and i.and
ling of dairy products. This, he thought,
would educate the operator to the impor
tance of attending carefully to those little
details which go to make the success of
any business enterprise.
Need of Dairy Inspector.
"W. H. Roussel argued that an inspector
ought to be appointed by the State to in
spect dairies and examine into the meth
ods of handling milk. He urged that the'
attention of the Legislature should oe
called to this Important matter, in order
that the quality of butter now being
turned out might be improved.
After some discussion the matter was
referred to the committee on resolutions
with instructions to report to-day.
Professor Anderson said that the rea
son so much inferior butter was made in
California was because there was too lit
tle attention, paid to the handling and
care of milk and cream. Milk was al
lowed to remain for hours in unsanitary
places, in which impure matter was ab
sorbed, the result being a production of
butter not at all calculated to benefit the
health of the public or enhance the in
terests of the dairymen. If the milk and
cream were properly handled existing
complaints against our lacteal products
might not exist.
The closing paper of the session was
on the subject, "Qualifications of the
Creamery Operator," by II. P. Carpenter
of Los Banos. He held that the principal
qualifications which the operator should
possess are knowledge of his business,
cleanliness and cheerfulness. In the gen
eral discussion that followed the matter
of scoring butter was debated and it was
decided to score samples of butter at 1
o'clock to-day. It is by this process that
the quality of butter is determined and In
consequence its value.
Interesting Papers for To Day.
The programme of the sessions to-day
Is as follows:
Morning session, 9:30 o'clock — "Care and
Repair of Separators" — Alphas, E. B. Willey,
San Francisco; Tubulars, G. "W. Kneib, Port
land, Or.; "Cleanliness in the Creamery," E:
H. Zimmerman, Watsonville; "Butter Scor
ing," \V. D. McArthur, San Francisco; "But
ter Contests 'as Educators/A W. M. Turner,
Sierraville.
Afternoon session, 2 o'colck — "Bacteriology
as Applied to Creamery Work," Dr. Archibald
A. Ward, University of California, Berkeley;
"Assisting Our Patrons to Make Their Busi
ness Profitable," J. E. Thorp, . Ixickef ord ;
"Practical Self-Education of the Creamery
Operator," George E. Peoples,- Fresno; "Con
venience in Creamery Construction and Equip
ment," C. F. Andrews, Point Arena.
The election of officers will take place
this afternoon. A banquet at 7:30 o'clock
s.t a prominent restaurant will bring the
convention to a close.
TOO MUCH JOHNSON
..IN POLICE COURTS
Three of the Family With the Sarao
Christian Name Bewilder the
Judges.
There was a case of "Too Much John
son" in the Police Courts yesterday, and
three of the Judges and their bailiffs were
kept in a ferment for more than an hour.
Judge Mogan had a Charles Johnson on
his calendar who was charged -with bur
glary. . When the case was called a man
answered to the name, but declared em
phatically that he was not a burglar and
said he had been arrested for battery.
Three times the case was called and three
times Johnson made the same statement.
It began to look awkward for Johnson
till Assistant District Attorney Hanley of
Judge Cabaniss' court asked Mogan if he
had a Charles Johnson in his dock who
was charged with battery. Johnson was
taken out of the dock and proved that he
was the man wanted by Hanley, and was
taken before Judge Cabaniss.
About the same time Bailiff Walsh of
Judge Conlan's court asked Judge Mogan
if he had a Charles Johnson on his calen
dar charged with disturbing the peace, as
there was a man on Conlan's calendar
with that charge against him who had
failed to answer to his name. Mogan ex
plained to Walsh that he had a Charles
Johnson, but he had been turned over to
Judge Cabaniss. Walsh returned in a. few
minutes and told Mogan that Conlan's
Johnson had been out on bail and had
made his appearance.
"Where is my Burglar Johnson?" asked
Mogan, but no one could give a satisfac
tory answer. Finally Bailiff Hickey was
sent to the City Prison and Burglar John
son was found in his cell and brought into
court, and Mogan breathed freely, aa he
had two other Johnsons, P. B. and John
on his calendar and began to get afraid of
another mix-up.
OLD MAN KILLED BY
MISSION-STREET CAR
Steps Upon Track With, Sack of Coal
on His Shoulder and Is
Struck.
John F. Moore, a packer, who resides
at 944 Mission street, was struck by a
west-bound electric car opposite his late
home at half past 7 o'clock yesterday
morning and almost instantly killed.
Moore had a sack of coal on his shoul
der at the time and was crossing tho
tracks between Fifth and Sixth streets on
Mission, when the car in charge of Mo
torman W. H. Hobbs and Conductor
Keating struck him, crushing his skull.
The victim was 62 years old and a native
of Ireland.
Motorman Hobbs was arrested and
charged with manslaughter. He said that
Moore stopped near the track as though
Intending to let the car pass by, but that
when the car was only a few feet from
him he stepped between the rails, and be
fore the current could be shut off or the
brakes applied he was struck and fell in
front of the car.
Hobbs was released on the usual cash
bail of ?50.
Humboldt County Builds Pavilion.
Humboldt County, Is preparing to set
up its exhibits in the ferry building in the
exhibition hall of the State Board of
Trade. A circular space has there been
surrounded by the thick bark that was
taken from a monster redwood tree in
Humboldt County. Two men, who have
been sent down to San Francisco by the
Eureka Board of Trade, yesterday began
to build up an interior for the tree, using
panels of curly redwood. In this unique
pavilion the products of Humboldt Coun
ty will be exhibited to visitors from all
parts of the world.
Mrs. Sears "Would Not Prosecute.
When the case of Anlton McGilvery, the
11-year-old boy charged with grand lar
ccny for stealing a purse on Christmas
eve from Mrs. I. J. Sears, who lives at
604 Buchanan street, was called in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday Mrs. Sears re
fused to prosecute the boy owing to his
youth. The boy said that some other
boys made him do it. The Judge dis
missed the case.
Kershow Case Submitted.
Attorney Rix, who represents Carlton
M. Kershow, contestant of the will of his
brother, Max H. Kershow, made his final
argument in Department 9 of the Superior
Court yesterday and the case was submit
ted. A decision will be rendered the last
day of this year.
. Rcanoke Rye. Honey and Horehound.
Its quality tells the story. •
. • . - ADVERTISEMENTS. - ■
PLAYWRIGHTS
AND BALLADISTS
Punditti in Discussion of
Literati of the Past
Centuries.
The third annual meeting of the Philo
logical Association of the Pacific Coast
was held in the Mark Hopkins Institute
of Art yesterday afternoon, Ewald Flugel
In the chair. The.re was a large attend
ance and the papers read were profound,
argumentative and of varied character
and color. Professor E. B. Cla'pp, Uni
versity of California, read a paper giving
a full and complete statement of Pindar's
usage in the matter of hiatus, with a new
explanation of some of the cases and ob
servations on the poet's habits of compo
sition.
Miss Reynolds of Los Angeles entered
into the spirit of the professor's sugges
tions and took up several of the points in
a very able manner.
Professor C. M. Gayley, University of
California, aroused the interest of the au
dience with a paper entitled "JTresh Light
on Henry Porter." •He showed Porter to
be a neglected but important Elizabeth
ian dramatist, whose works he ventured
to predict would before long come promi
nently before the public again. Some
learned authorities had attributed the
plays of Porter to another of the same
name, Henry Porter, a profound musician,
but Professor Gayley combated the idea
nnd showed that they were two distinct
persons. Henry Porter, the dramatist, de
veloped realistic comedy — the comedy of
humor. The speaker cited, as an instance,
the dramatist's play, "Two Angry
Women of Abblngton." '
Professor Johnson, Leland Stanford Jr.
University, contributed a paner, "The
Fountain Episode in Chretien "de Troies'
Yvain." The first part dealt* with the
Celtic sources of Chretien's description of
the fountain of Barenton in Brittany.
Chretien's version was probably a fusion
of several older fountain stories. The
second part of the paper discussed the
source of the Loudine legend.
Professor E. M. Pease, Leland Stanford
Jr. University, read a paper on the sig
nificance of the different forms of address
in the Latin vocative.
Professor A.- P. Lange, University of
California, contributed a paper entitled
"Some Notes on the Sources of Delaney's
Gentle Craft," in which he showed De
laney as the most noted artificer of bal
lads in the reign of Elizabeth, also as tho
first English writer of historical novels.
The following named were present* ■ '
Professors E. Flugel, F. M, Padelford - Uni
versity of Washington; F. S. Dunn, Univer
sity of Oregon; Dr. B. O. Foster, Leland Stan
ford Junior University; L. J. Richardson Uni
versity of California; C. Searles, Leland Stan
ford Junior University; H. T. Archibald, Oc
cidental College; H. R. Falrclough, Leland
Stanford Junior University; E. B. Clapp, O
M. Johnson, A. F. Lange, E. M. Pease and C
M. Gayley.
Runaway on Market Street.
An exciting runaway occurred on Mar
ket street last night about G o'clock, when
the thoroughfare was crowded with peo
ple and vehicles. The horse was attached
to a light buggy, which was unoccupied
at the time. It started to run between
Third and Fourth streets, and at the cor
ner of Third street the buggy tipped over
In front of the Palace Hotel the runaway
crashed into a. buggy belonging to J
Laib. Laib's buggy was badly damaged
The runaway then turned into New Mont
gomery street and ran to Howard, where
it was stopped.
Widow and Children Ask Damages.
Delia B. powers ana ner children— Mary,
Margaret and Irene— sued the Union Iron
Works yesterday for $250 damages for the
death of their, father, Michael Powers
while in the employ of the company. The
complaint alleges that on October 14, 1301
Powers, while in the performance «f his
duties, was killed by a 2000-pound weight
falling urion him. > , «:-.
The Hoff Asbestos Mfg. Co., ■ a Califor
nian - institution, has received - during the
last sixty days very large orders for their
Ajr Cell Sectional Steam Pipe and Boiler
Covering and other products, ■ which
speaks well tot home enterprises. •
CLAIMS DEEDS
ARE VALUELESS
Serious Charge Is Made
Against Notary by
Oil Company.
The Kern River Oil Company Consoli
dated filed suits in the Superior Court
yesterday against Notary Public K. C.
Mosebach and Martin Jones and A. Ros
enblund, his sureties, for $1225 and $2125,
the. prices paid by the company for two
lots of land in Kern County. The plain
tiff corporation claims that the deeds are
false and valueless by reason of the fact
that the original owners of the land did
not sign the deeds in the presence" of
Mosebach. as he as a notary attested,
and that the names of the owners were
not signed by them.
The original , owners of the section of
land for which the oil company paid $1223
were Mr. and Mrs. J. Winifield Pearson
Jr., Herbert Murray, Mrs. A. M. Porter,
Miss Ernestine Coughran, M. L. Temple
ton and Theodore Cashman. The second
lot was owned by R. J. Graf, John W.
Pearson, Mrs. M. E. Pearson, A. Francis
Hall, John P. Uhlhorn, Mr. and Mrs.
Jackson Saufley and George W. Pearson.
The deeds -were executed December 27,
1900, and according to Mosebach's certifi
cations the parties owning the land ap
peared before him and affixed their sig
natures to the documents.
In the suit filed yesterday the oil com
pany claims it was informed In October
last that the parties owning the land did
not appear before the notary and sign the
conveyances, but that the signatures to
the deeds were not signed by the owners.
The plaintiff claims that it has made de
mand upon Mosebach and his sureties
for the sums paid for the property and
that they have refused to comply with the
demand.
Corporations Sued.
George Nisbet is suing Joseph Werlnger
and the Greenback Chopper Company for a
one-fifth Interest in a section of land In
Kern County owned by the Copper Com
pany. He ojalms that ho gave Weringer
$2500 to purchase the land in dispute and
that the latter transferred it to Die
Greenback Copper Company, which sub
sequently pooled Issues with, the Green
back Copper Mining Company, a corpora
tion -owning the other half of the section
of land. • Weringer obtained through the
conveyance of the share of thd land he
purchased for . Nisbet .. one-fifth of the
shares of stock issued by the companies,
and Nisbet asks .the court to declare that
the Weringer stock is held In trust for
him. .......
Buried Under Beer Barrels.
Michael Devareaux, a laborer in the
employ of the Spring Valley Water Com
pany, was buried under several beer bar
rels in a trench on Eighth street yester
day. Devareaux 'was in the trench en
gaged at his work when a beer wagon
drove along Eighth street. The driver,
without any apparent regard for the
safety of either himself or others, per
mitted the wagon to run into the trench
The result was that a lot of empty barrels
got jolted out of the wagon, fallng on top
of Devareaux. He was extricated and
taken to the Emergency Hospital, where
Dr. McElroy treated him for several lac
erated wounds of the head and face and
contused injuries to his body. The shock so
prostrated Devareaux that it was thought
for a time he would die. The injured man
lives at 803 Harrison street.
The Best Fountain Pens.
;We are selling agents for the "Water
man Ideal Fountain Pens"— $2 50 to $10
each, and sole agents for the "Marshall,"
the best $1 00 fountain pen in the world
Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Refuses to Pay License.
A warrant was Issued-yesterday on-com
iplaint of Deputy Tax' Collector Coe for
the arrest of Jules Gamage, the collector
It is alleged that Gamage refuses to pay
his license fee as a collector, claiming
that the, law is unconstitutional.
DYING TEACHER
IS DENIED LEAVE
Board Learns Miss Mo
roney's True Condi
tion Too Late.
Miss Mary E. Moroney, a teacher in the
School Department, whose application for
a week's lekve of absence on account of
sickness was denied by the Board of Edu
cation at its last meeting, died Christmas
day at St. Mary's Hospital after a surgi
cal operation. At yesterday's meeting of
the board President Kincaid announced
that after the denial of the leave th3
physician in attendance on Miss Moroney
notified the School Director that his pa
tient was seriously ill and the leave was
thereupon granted by Mrs. Kincaid on
her own authority. It was not ratified
by the board, however, until It was too
late, for Miss Moroney died before it was
effective. . She was elected in the School
Department on February 21, 1S71, and was
highly regarded as an educator. She -was
an assistant in the Franklin Grammar
School for a number of years.
The withdrawal by Miss Annie E. Sla
van of her resignation as principal of the
Cleveland Primary School was read and
taken under advisement.
Miss Ruth G. Campbell, a teacher in
the Jean Parker School, made applica
tion to be placed on the list of retired
teachers.
The recommendations of the City Board
of Examination for certificates to be
granted to teachers which have been pub
lished were adopted:
The annual report of Truant Officers
Floyd and Cavanagh showed that they
attended to 218 calls. The report says:
Frequently tardy and unruly boya cause tlls
tubance at different schools. This has been
corrected by compelling punctuality at school
and lecturing the unruly ones. Many com
plaints of boys remaining away from school
have been received. Immediate investigation
shows a desire to work with a disposition to
attend niKht school.
' Grants Temporary Injunction.
Annie E. Slavan, principal of the Cleve
land Primary School, who has been a
teacher in the schools of this, city since
1S64, applied to the Superior Court yester
day for a writ of prohibition to prevent
the Board of Education from acting on a
resignation filed by her In July. 1901, and
•which she subsequently withdrew.
The resignation was to take effect !n
January, 31*02, but on the 16th inst. the
teacher notified the board that a change
in her family affairs obliged her to with
draw the resignation. The board, how
ever, she alleges, has taken no cognizance
of the withdrawal, and will, unless pre
vented by the courts, accept the resigna
tion, notwithstanding that she has
changed her mind.
A temporary writ , returnable before
Judge Seawe'.l January 3, 1902, was signed
by Judge Dunne.
NATIONAL ITNTON CABINET
NAMES PRIZE-WINNEKS
Close of the Five Months' Contests
for the Securing of New '
Members.- '%■
At a meeting of the San Francisco Cab
inet, fcf the National Union, held In the
Harmony Hall of the Bed Men's building
last night, the committee, on extension of
the order, composed of H.' W. Maas, E. 11.
Hills, F. J. Runpf and II. \V. Healey, an
nounced that the contest for prizes during
the last five months of the year had been
closed, and that the following named
were the prize winners:
Joseph A. Wilson, who secured thirteen mem
bers. $20; Laurence Vincent, nine members
?15;- W. A. Galvin, seven, and C. Schuldt, six
members, flO each; A. A. Banz, flve members,
J. H. Baker, J. H. Cutter and J. p
Fullerton were each within the limit or
securing the sixth prize of $5, so the
committee recommended that each be
awarded a prize in that amount. The rec
ommendation was concurred in.
At the January meeting of the cabinet
there will be an election of officers who
are to serve next term.
California
Limited...
The greatest train across the conti-
nent. High speed combined with
high-class accommodations have made
it ths most popular with travelers.
Frcm Saa Francisca. daily, 9 A. M.
Ticket Office— 641 Market Street.
It Is the Best Toilet Soap made. A wonderfa
skin curative. Best for the complexion. Bes'
for the bath. Best for the baby. Best for th«
hair. Largo cakes 15c. Trial size 5c ; all druj-
gists'. Manyon'a Kercedies are positive cure*
Advice and Guida to Health free by mail.
iMunyon, New York 03d Philadelphia.
UnaiON'B WHALES COBES 0AT1ESE
.u ..— .■»i v . l , T . rfA^
f^ All diseases of the aklnaredueX
\ to germs which teed upon the
tissue or which corrupt tha blood
• Ihese germs cannot live where
| Radam's Microbe Killer is pres- ■'
ent. It Is the great germ de- <
■m stroyer and yet does not injure
the human system in the least.
It positively cures all diseases of
| the skin and makes it soft, clear
and beautiful. $l a bottle; »3 a '
jug-. Circulars, sample and blood
examination free. Radam's Mi-
crobe KUler Co., H70 Market St.
Phone Mint 14'w. S. F. I
HM. YIGOKtlTALinrtor MIN
MORMON BISHOP'S PI1O.3
have been in use over fifty
.years by the leaders of tha
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure tho
worst cases in cJd and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Inipotency. Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom
rja. Pains in Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back.
Nervous Debility, Headache. UnlHness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, --=, -^. Varicocele or Con-
stipation." Stop Ner nijf J vous Twitching jf
Eyelids. Effects are •-*' '*-^ immediate. Im-
part vigor and pOte CCHTS ncy to every func-
tion. Don't Bet despondent; a cure 'is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 60c a box; -8 tot
|2 SO by mall. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 8 boxes. Circulars fre«.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Kills «t..
San Francisco. CaL GRANT DB^O CO.. U
and 10 Third mX. v
78
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
IV heat advanced and fell back. Barley very strong.
Oats again advanced under Government needs of Sooo Ions.
Corn and Rye quiet and unchanged.
Zvaru and Seeds continue very quiet.
Bu:ta% Cheese and Eggs about tlu same.
Dried fruits and Raisvis still active and firm. •
Previsions higher at Chicago, but unchanged here.
Meat viry firm, but no hiqhct:
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables about as before quoted.
Nothing new in the Fresh Fruit market.
Poultry and Game in fair demand and steady.
Ligl-t i'-ading in local Stock* and Bonds.
The Copper Situation.
A well-known Wall-street authority says of
Copper :
"Copper has continued the dominating influ
ence In the stock market. Amalgamated shares
touched the- lowest point on record and after
v.-ai<5 marie p. partial recovery. The raw mate
rial declined to 13c and predictions are fre
qxif-nl that it will drop to 12c. At this figure
there is a liberal margin between the cost of
j>ro«luction and the selling price, and the Cop
|«»r industry. under proper management.
Might soon be brought back into a healthy ccn
cition were it not for the complications re
rulting from excessive capitalization, excessive
rrotiyctlon. prolonged litigation and blind pool
inetheds. There Is a large demand for copper
•with every pnrepect of its continuance; but -the
lolly of continuing production upon the oM
Fccle in face of a decline of over $20.000.<X>0
in exports In ten months Is noxv- bringing nat
i:ral results. Very likeiy the worst of the
topper situation has been made known, but
confidence has received a shock from which
it will take time to recover, and the financial
Josses which have been incurred have had a
distinctly injurious effect upon the stock mar
ket. Koluir.gte of Amalgamated Copper had been
■widely scattered, and the losses have come
liardest upon small investors, so that the pub
lic is not likely to display the same eager ap
petite lcr stocks that it did in the early part
at the current year. This Is a factor that v.i!l
Jiave to be taken into- consideration later 0:1.
Df. it will undoubtedly add to the difficulty of
liiaug-uratiJig a bull campaign."
Dried Fruits in Xczu York.
Mp.iI p.d vices from New York say:
"Currants are firm and unchanged at 5»itf?
BTic for Amalias in barrels. Demand is mod
erate. Sales aggregating about 200 barrels
■*•< re reported at the inside figure to go out
of town. Cleaned are selling in a small way
Ft quotations. Dates are in fair request from
:;i-s5?3Vie on spot, -mrlth a few Hallow! and
Khadrawl still available at M,c under quota
tions. Cables report tha London market for
ilates from Cd to Is higher.
■"Raisins are firm but quiet. Coast fancy
Fr-eded in cartons are held at Sc with sonjc
buyins in a way. Choice are generally
quoted at 7?ie, but some goods are offering
at 7 1 sc. Three-crown loose Muscatels are un
c!!£.rise<l at O'^titi'-jc. There are few four
i-ro\rn here. London layers are scarc^. Some
tlimxmwa lax-ers, it is understood, -5re still
available at $J C5.
•'Pears are in very light supply with some
inquiiy. A pale of about a car choice, in
bags* is reported at 7 ! ;c f. o. b. coast. Peaches
«re quiet. Kales of very fancy peeled in 25
lb boxe^ are reported at lO^ic. \Evaporated
jiPI>;*?s are rt»ady with a. fair jobbing trade in
lanoy and choice.
••Prunes are unchanged at a 3^i@3%c ba
his en the coast for Ssnta Claras. Some busi
rea is reported at a "'jc basis for sizes from
f>Os to SOs=. Few 80-lOos are offered. Spot de
mand is lisht."
Fruits and Salmon in England.
The Lor.dcn Grocers' Gazette of December 7
ray?: "The market fcr every description of
canned goods generally is featureless. and
irarket transactions are practically confined to
tb» filling of odd requirements. Salmon is un
aitercd. California fruits are etill practically
a. <1ead letter. Advices from San Francisco
ttMte thai the shipments to this side of the
jjrrsc-at year's 'jack se- f ar total about 120.C*)
vjises. In Liverpool salmon continues -in good
demand and fruits remain quiet."
The Country's Trade.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"Toe ituree of our foreign trade deserves
atiouticn. Apparently we have reached the
S'.iith ol abnciraally favorable trade balances
Six times during the current year our exports
1-av-: lallen below the same month laat vear.
ljitrlT'5 SeiAember, Octol>er and Xovember cur
t\:rirts Otclined continuously over 520,000,000.
On the ether hand our imports have been rising
since April, the Increase since then amounting
to about $':y.W>0,<X)0. This change in the c-ur
rcnt i? highly significant, and is likely to con
tinue with more or less irregularity in ep;te
vi the confidence with which we expect a good
Jr.itign demand for our breadstuff s. In Xc
>- t -ml)tt last our txc^rs of exports was on!y
*< 4,<iUi,0u<j, against ?71,300,00u a year ago, and
1 srinee January 1 our excess of exports amount
ed to l>ut ?.02S,OO0,0o0. against f571.WJU.0O0
t-ame time last year. So far this year the gold
ttovemfeDt shows an excess of exports amount
ir.s Vi $2.7yj.O00. compared with $9,C.;0,000 ex
ctbs of iir.ports a year ago. The present ten
dency of the merchandise movement, therefore,
1= rather toward cncoura.gins gold shipments;
though of course the latter depend tsoxnewhat
yjl«m the elements ln the exchange market not
tijirefced in trade statistics.
"The home situation in many respects con
tinues highly satisfactory- From all parts of
the interior come reports of great business ac
tivity and rapid development. How long this
condition will continue no one dares predict;
and, while the end is not yet in eight, still in
t lie nature or things it cannot continue indefin
itely. The iron trade is still highly prosperous
in home of its branches, and mills have orders
that will keep them busy for months. Pigiron
1'roUuction continues to exceed all records and
there is more danger of famine than oversup
j;ly. New productive capacity in the manu
iuduring branches is steadily -growing, and
the next twelve or even six months may wit
ness a cutting of prices as the new concerns
betsin their efforts to share the business. Some
iron product* are already weakening under
Dew conuietition.
"Railroad earnings are remarkably good and
fire equaling the most optimistic expectations,
"hus far ihe effects of short corn and cotton
crops have been slight; the next three months,
however, will reflect these losses more than the
laFt three. Were it not that prices are so
high the railroad situation might warrant a
Jres-h bull campaign; but present conditions
urre discounted so lar ln advance that the in
<luc€incrts for outside support are exceedingly
limited. January disbursements will be unusu
ally heavy, and it will be Interesting to ob
serve whether or not the usual proportion will
come tack into Wall street for investment
Good securities are now so beyond reach that
cauital is likely to eeek new and more proflt
«ule fields. Real estate is already feeling the
effect of the scarcity of safe and paying In
vestments. Meanwhile Ftocks are highly con
centratcd, and it is within the power of the
market leaders to lift values to a higher level
when favorable conditions and their own incli
nations coincide. Until the copper ar.d mon
.-tary uncertainties are cleared away we would
S'dvise £':llins; stocks on the sharp rallies to
necure rrcfits and buying only on the breaks
lor quick turns. There is little chance of the
ijiartciai fckies clearing before New Year's "
Weather Report.
< 120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
•SAN FRANCISCO, Dec. 20—5 p. m.
The f.-iliov.-ing arp the seasonal rainfalls to
aat*> as compared with those of tame date last
reason and rainfall in last twenty-four hour*:
r - • Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka .O« 16.13 2O.<!8
Red BJuff 00 9.C6 8.81
Sr.cramento 00 5. 08 7. (is
Ban Francisco ... .00 5.80 7.22
Fresno CO 2.17 6.43
Independence 00 1.34. 2.ol
San . Luis Oblspo. .00 4.56 10.20 I
Jx>s Angeles 00 2.45 6.79
Ear. Diego CO 0.77 1.7:;
San Francisco data. Maximum temperature
K); minimum, 4C; mean, 52.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston 38-30] Omaha' 44-30
Cincinnati 42-30 Duluth 30-20
Washington 5C-34 Salt Lake City... 38-28
Jacksonville "4-48 Chicago 34-28
Kansas City 36-30 St. Louis 38-34
>iew York 40-34 1 Philadelphia 40-34
JwiiTiiWrfi 1 nm urn iimiii hiuphiiiiimi Wmn i hm
THE COAST RECORD.
STATION, g -55.33 || g» §
?•; : §. : 3 : § If* a
£ E J or!a .30.45 50 44 NW Cloudy .50
Ba^r 30.22 42 .. NW Pt Cldy T
<; arson 30.32 50 18 NW Cloudy .00
Eureka ......30.50 50 44 N Clear .00
i,r csno * ;;0 -28 5S 30 NW Clear .00
Flagetaff 30.28 no 16 W Clear .00
Pocajello, Ida-.-5O.O2 .18 32 SW Pt Cldy T
Independence .30.10 54 32 NE Clear 0*0
Los Angeles.. 30. 10 74 44 XV Clear !(M)
£ h <* ni s 30.12 «8 3S N Clear 00
£°rtland 30.40 50 4G W Pt Cldy .04
Red Bluff .-...30.32 62 38 SW Clear 00
Roseburg 30.54 40 40 XW Clear 06
Sacramento ..30.28 5S 40 NW Pt Cldy '.«0
Salt Lake 30. IS 44 2S N Snow .04
% r A?? 1 * 00^ 2 * m 46 >xv Cle *r .00
b. L. Obispo..30.22 72 4G V Clear 00
San Diego ...30.04 ;(!8 50 XW Cloar !oo
heattle ...:.. J!0.38 48 44 SE • Pt Cldy .32
Spokane 3O-. Ofi 42 2S W Pt Cldy .00
Walla Walla. 30. 24 41 .. SW Pt Cldy .00
\\ innemucca .30.32 4(5 18 N Cloudy .00
I uma 50.03 70 48 N Clear .CO
Temperature at 7 a. m., 50 degrees.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. } /
The pressure has fallen rapidly over Utah
and a storm of marked energy Is driving rap
idly southward on the western slope of the
Rocky Mountains. High southwest winds and
snow are reported generally In Utah. Wyoming
and Colorado. At Salt Lake City a maximum
wind velocity of 52 miles per hour from the
north is reported.
The temperature has fallen 12 degrees In
the last twenty-four hours at San Diego and
: has risen 22 degrees in the past twelve hours
at Carson City.
Eastbound travelers are warned of- high winds
and snow in the Rocky Mountain region
Forecast made at San Francisco for' thirty
hours, ending midnight, December 27, 1901:
Northern California — Fair Friday morning
cloudy at niRht; brisk north winds
Southern California — Fair Friday; cloudy at
night; brisk westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Friday, possibly light snow;
cooler; brisk to high north winds. ,
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Friday:
cloudy at right: light northerly winds, chang-
Ttig to southwesterly
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
New York Stock Market.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— The bears in the
stock market beat a precipitate retreat in the
later hours of the day's session at the Stock
Exchange, and their eager rush to buy In or
to cover short contracts <Jevelopad a fairly
buoyant condition before the close. • There were
some relapses in the 'more volatile stocks, but
the closing generally was strong and active
and near the top level. The volume of deal
ings showed a material increase over that pre
vailing for the last few days. The bears were
inclined to continue their campaign when the
masket opened this morning and they ef
fected a nuinbbr ot serious iniuads upon prices-.
But they soon became aware that their offer
ings were being absorbed ln a volume and qon
tiaence which sounded a. warning. Sugar con
tinued to be the leader of the market, but by
no means ln m overwhelming a proportion aa
of late. The " vigorous support accorded this
6Ux.-k and the success achieved in driving tne
bears to cover In it were important factors in
lunnng tiie general market upward and in
swelling the iien-.t-.nd for other stocks to ami
extent which lessened Sugar's proportion of
dealings in the market. The bears in the stock
showcu-grov.-ing evidence of acute distress ana
having over-extended their accounts, apparent
ly In the confidence that the recent exp*rience
M <^o:;i<pr wjms 10 L>e repeated in Sugar. Rumors
sot abroad that negotiations were in progress
lor latching up a truce in the trade war. But
whatever may the grounds of to-day's various
rumors, the shorts were thrown into a frignt
and rushed the price up from the low point
at 103% to 11314. The stock closed at 112V*.
a net gain of ti%. Amalgamated Copper, ehar
ins in the heaviness at the earjy market, also
developed a very strong tone, adding to the
sentimental effect of the rebound in Sugar.
The price rose to <7Ji£ and closed only a shaci^
lower at a net gain of 2%. The quieter tone
of the London copper market, reports of some
large takings by manufacturers, the strength
or: Rio Tintos in Paris, reports that an agree
ment between copper producers was imminent,
under the pressure of the fall in price, all
helped the advance in Amalgamated. The ac
tivity In the stocks of electric manufacturing
companies may have been connected with the
developments ln the copper trade. Westins
house was at one time up 17 points and closed
with a net gain of 14. The majority of rail
roads reporting to-day gross earnings for the
third week In December showed decreases com
pared with last night, and this was an Influ
ence In the early decline, especially in St.
Paul. That system, Louisville and a number
of important Southern systems and smaller
railroads reported decreased earnings. The
showing was> ignored apparently because of the
very high level of earnings in the third week
of December last year, which were some 11 per
cent over those of the preceding year and were
notably heavy in . the Southwestern region.
The Southwesterns. Pacifies and Grangers be
came very strong late in the day. The hard
and soft coal carriers v;ere active and strong
all day. gain? ln some of the leaders, reaching
between 2 and 3 points and in Hocking Valley
4 points. Money seemed to be in abundant sup
ply and confidence that It would continue no
added to the strength of the market
The bond market was moderately active and
firm. Total sales, par value. $2,440,000.
United States 5s advanced H per cent on
the last caU. • -•
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales. High. Low. Clcse.
Atchison 13,100 71) H 77% 78%
Atchison pfd 3.400 3O1V4 1C0& 101U
Baltimore & Ohio.. 1,700 102% 102 102'^
Baltimore & O pfd 03H
Canadian Pacific... 000 113 112% 112%
Canada Southern.. JJOO £6% 86 86
Chesapeake & Ohio. 200 4«j4 46Ti 4H%
Chicago & Alton... 200 35V4 35 35
Chicag & Alton pfd 400 7G& 76 7OV4
Chicago Ind & Lsvl 2.80O W) 49 49%
Chicago I & L pfd. 400 75 74# 74^
Chicago & East I1L 343;
Chicago & Gt West 2.400 24*J 23% 24%
Chic & G W A pfd S3
i Chic & G W B pfd 2.800 48*4 47% 48
Chicago & Nthwest 100 204»| 204% 202
Chicago R I & Pac 1,400 152 150 151%
Chicago T & T ' 16
Chicago T & T pfd 200 31 31 20«
C C C & St Louis. 700 9S'/4 97% DSty
Colorado Southern. 14%
Colo South l'st pfd. 500 CSVi 59 U C3V4
Colo South 2d pfd. 500 27% 27% 27'A
. Delaware Hudson. 3,1*00 J~>i% 174% 176%
Dela Lack & West. 700 243% 247 245
Denver & R Grande A>>y,
Denver & R G pfd. 000 94 H 93% 94
Erie 7.000 40% .'S>?4 40Ti
Erie 1st pfd 5,100 73% 72 73%
Erie 2d pfd 500 68% 57% , 58%
Great Northern pfd 2,200 184% 183% '184
Hocking Valley 0,700 75% 71% 74%
Hocking Vail pfd. 3.000 88% 87 * 88
Illinois Central 1.000 130 138 138«i
Iowa Central .... 37
Iowa Central pfd . . 71
Lake Erie & West . «r
Lake Erie & W pfd " i»g
Louisville & Nash. 3.700 106% 105% 106»4
Manhattan L 80.100 136% 132% I3t{ii
Metropolitan St Ry 6,300 1«1% 158«4 1C1
Mexican Central... 400 24% 24% 24%
Mexican National . 13S?
Minn & St Louis.. 200 107% 107* " 107 U
Missouri Pacific... 24,300 105% 103 105V1
Missouri Kns & Tx "rTt
Missouri K & T pfd 300 53 52% 5234
New Jersey Central 300 185., 184% 183
New York Central. 3,200 167% 160% i«7U
Norfolk & Western 900 56% 66% 562
Norfolk & W pfd. 100 91% 91% 00$
Northern Pac pfd .... 091?
Ontario & Western 2,800 34% 33% •«£;
Pennsylvania 8.200 143% 147% I4fi2
THE SAN FJEtANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1903.
g ead , n * 47,800 51% 50% 51%
Reading 1st pfd... 25.500 82 80% 81%
Reading 2d pfd.... 18,800 , 61% 5!)% 61%
St Louis & S F.... 2,000 50 • 65 56
St L & S F 1st pfd 200 8-J 82% 82%
St L & S F 2d pfd. 1,500 73% 73$ 73%
St L Southwestern. 100 28U 28»i 27
St L Southwest pfd 800 5!)% 59 '. 59
ft £ au ' 2S..TO0 164% 161 K itUU
St Paul pfd 200 190 189 100
Southern Pacific... 10.400 61 60 60%
Southern Railway.. 4.400 33% 32% 33 Vi
Southern Ry pfd... 3.300 93% 92% 93 £
SSEAWw" 2>50 ° 3Sk 3s4 &
Toi st l & w pfd. !;;;; ;;;: ".;;; s^y.
Union Pacific 24,100 102% 100% 102%
Union Pacific pfd.. 500 80% ggii $9Vi
abash 1,100 22% 22'2 2 t >V 4 .
Wabash pfd.... «00 42% 42>i 42Vi
Wheel & Lak>- Erie 100 18 18 18
W & L B 2d pfd... 500 30% 29 29%
TVisconsin Central.. 800 20% 20U 20
Wisconsin Cent pfd . . ij,
Express companies —
Adams i00
American 100 205 205 203
United States 93
Wells-Fargo . . ' " 100
Miscellaneous —
Amalg Copper. 66.700 C9% CCVi 67%
Am Car & Foundry 300 30% 29% S0\l
Am Car & Fbun pfd 1,100 86% 86% 8G«v ,
Am Linseed Oil 15
Am Llneeed Oil pfd 40
Am Smelt & Refln. 16,100 43% 41% 4."^1
Am Smelt & R pfd 800 90 05 95
Anaconda Min Co.. 2,700 31 29U 30%
Brooklyn Rapid Tr. 11,300 65% 63% 04%
Colo Fuel & Iron.. 100 SSVi 88% 8SVi
Consolidated Gas.. 400 215% 214 2ir>Vi
Continental Tob pfd 100 114»4 114\i 114
General Klectric... 1,100 282% 279 280
Glucose Sugar 406 3S% 38 33
Hocking Coal 000 17 16 18
International Pap.. 100 20 20 20
Internat Pap pfd 75
International. Pow. 100 SS% 88% 8S
Laclede Gas'. ' .'. 02
National Biscuit ... ..... 43%
National Lead 200 15U 15 15%
North American .... 9:;
Pacific Coast 74%
Pacific Mail .... 500 45% 44% 45
People's Gas ..... 2.SC0 101% 100 101%
Pressed Steel Car.. 100 40 38% 39»I
Pressed £t Car pfd. S00 &?« 82 M> S3'
Pullman Palace Car 100 215% 215il 215
Republic Steel 900 15% 15vT 13*J
Republic Steel pfd. 1.000 67% 66% 67%
Sugar 195,000 H3V. 10.1% 112
Tenn Coal & Iron. 000 63% 03 («%
ITnion Bag & P Co ...... .... .... u
Union Bag & P pfd 300 . 74V. 73U 74
u s Leather:. *r... % 1.100 • ii%" 11% ii&j,
U S Leather- pfd.: 500: SI SOU RO'A
U S Rubber..-./. ,. .-^ j;{
U S Rubber pfd..: '..'; .'.'. 4SUj
V S Steel ilf.Aif R»1(W ■ 42% 42 4"4i
U S Steel pfd'- ...',.;. fi^Oja.r 92 «i 92% "
Western Union ... 1 . 3.-4O0 '^91% 00V» 01%
Am Locomotive...'. 2.J 00 ! '* ' A\ % "0% 31%
Am Locomotive pfd. 800,., 00% 90% 90%
Total sales ... .731,00^*^
NE»~. YORKVsONDS.
U S ref 2s reg. /.lbSTfc *L '& N uni 4s 102%
U S ref 2s coupont09% Mex Central 4s.. 83%
U S 3s reg:.......108% Mex Cent 1st Inc .31%
L S 3s coup..v. :i0S»«. Minn & St L 4s. .103
U S , new 4s reg.139% Mis Kan & Tex 4s 97
U S new 4 S coup. 13-.)% M Kan & T 2nds 81 U
D S old 4s res,.. 111% N Y Cent lsts.. ..W614
U S old 4s coup. .112% N Y C, gen 3%s.llO
U S 3s reg. 107% N J C Ken 5s 13r.%
Tj S 5s coup 10S Northern Pac 4s. 105%
Atchison gen 4s.. 103 Northern Pac 3s. 73%
Atchison ad jus 4s 94% Nor & W con 4s.lO2li
Bait & Ohio "4s.. 10.1 Reading Gen 4s. 00%
Bait & Ohio 3V_>s 9ti>5 S L&l M con 5s.ll7J4
Bait & O conv 4s.101«i S L 4 S F 4s 97%
Can South 2nds..lOO% s L & S W lsts.. 90 '
Cent of fia 5s 307 S L & S W 2nds. 80
Cent of Ga 1st inc 76 S A & A P 4s.. 83%
dies & Ohio 4%s.l0fii,4 South Pac 4s 03%
Chi & Alton 3%s 85% South Rail 5s 124
C B & Q new 4s 9S%.Tex & P 1st 119%
C M & S'P een 4sll2 |T S L & W 4s.. SI
C & X W con 7s. 140% {Union Pac 4s 106-Ti
C R I & Pac 4s..lOH^j u P conv 4s 106%
1 CCC&St L gen 4s.lO4 Wabash lEt« 119 '
j Chi Terminal 4s.. SS Wabash 2nds. . . .113%
! Col & South .4s.. S9% I Wabash deb B... 06%
Den & R G 4s. .lO.P.i ; West Shore 4s... 114
Erie prior lien 4s. 100% )\V & L E 4s 01%
Erie gen 4s Sfl%!\Vis Cent »0'4
F W & T> C 1st. 105 Icon Tob 4s (55%
Hock Val 4»is...l09 I
I NEW YORK MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 20 Little Chief.- 12
Alice 45 Ontario SCO
Breece 75 Ophir .....' CO
i Brunswick Con.. ITi Phoenix . v. 04
I Comstock Tunnel 05% Potosl ....' OS •
: Con. Cal. & Va..l .TO.- Savage 03
1 Deadwood Terra 50 Sierra Nevada. .. 20
Horn Silver. 180 Small Hopes 40
Iron Silver CO Standard 3 25
Leadville Con... 05
BOSTON" STOCKS AND BONDS.
.Money— U S Steel pfd.... 93
Call. loans 4%(g5% Mining-
Time loans 5 @0 Adventure 18
Bonds — Allouez 02%
Atchison 4s 102 Amalgamated ... CS : )i.
Mexican Cen 4s.. 81 Baltic P.r>%
N. E. Gas & Coke CO Bingham 25
Railroads— Cal & Hecla.590@597
Atchison 78%; Centennial 12%
Atchiron pfd 101 !i! Copper Range 51
Boston & Albany. 259 Dominion Coal... 48
Boston & Maine. lf»l Franklin 11%
Boston Elevated. .1<!7 Isle Royale 19%
N Y N H & H..211 I Mohawk 27%
Fitchburg pfd 145 1 Old ' Dominion. ... 2.'!%
Union Pacific 102U ! OsceoIa 79
Mexican Central.. 24%ipnrrot 30%
Miscellaneous — JQujncy 131
! American Sugar. -112 : 5i ' Santa Fe Copper. , 02%
Amer Tel & Tel.lC2% Tamarack 250
; Dom Iron & Steel 24% Trimountaln 20
Gen Electric 2.80% Trinity 13%
Mass Electric 32 Utah 22%
Mass Electric pfd 90 Winona 01%
United Fruit U4 Wolverine 43%
U S Steel.. 42%
Neiv York Money Market.
XEW YORK, Dec. 20. — Money on call was
firm at 4@7 per cent; closing bid and asked.
4@4% per cent; prime mercantile paper, 4®
5Ms per cent; sterling exchange was firm, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 Ww
4 8C% for "demand and $4 83%@4 83% for
sixty days: posted -rates. $4 84@4 84% and
$4 87*4: commercial bills. $4 S2 ! Afi4 &iVj: bar
silver, 55»4c; Mexican dollars, 43%c; bonds
Government, strong; State. Inactive; railroad,
firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, $174, 5a 1 }, 875; gold, $114 -
275,7-16.
New York Grain and Produce.
* ; *
NEW YORK. Dec. 20.— FLOUR— Receipts,
44,900 barrels; exports, 10,800 barrels. Ten
cents higher on some grades, but ruled dull in
consequence. Winter patents, $3 75@4; winter
straights. ?3 COO'S. 05; Minnesota patents, $3 90
@4 15; winter extras.' $2 90@3 20; winter low
grades, ?2 70@2 80. ■ • . .
WHEAT— Receipts. 174,800 bushels; exports,
07,208 bushels. 'Spot, firm; No. 2 red, 89%c
f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, S7%c elevator; No. 1
Northern Duluth, 8Sc f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard
Duluth, 95c t.\ o. ! b. afloat. Options developed
a strong advance' and considerable activity on
bullish Southwest ..news, including higher mar
kets, small "receipts and crop ' damage talk.
Prices nearly reached, top figures for the season
at New York. but. were depressed finally by real
izing. Closed steady, at %@»ic net advance.
March closed 88%c; May, - 8<%@83c, closed
S7»4c; July. S?^@8 7 13-lUc, closed S7'4c; De
cember. 8. r i%©S»> 1 /icr closed 86c.
. HOPS— Quiet. '- '
WOOL — Quiet.
COFFEE-rSpot.Rlo, quiet; ; No. 7 invoice
6 15-l(ic; mild, quiet; Cordova 7^@llc
SUGAR— Raw, - dull ; fair refining, 3" 3-16c;
centrifugal, 90 test, 3 21-32c; molasses sugar
2 15-16c; refined, dull.- •
BUTTER — Receipts. 9000 packages. Firm
State dairy. 15©23c; creamery. 16(S'25c; June
creamery, 15@'21^c: factory, 12%@16c.
EGGS— Receipts. C200 packages. Firm; West
em, at mark. 23<g28c.
• DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Dec. 20. — A moderately good
export interest In the better grades of evap
orated apples gave the market a firm tone,
prices remaining unchanged In most instances.
State common, 6@S',4c; prime, 9@9Vic; choice
9%©10c; fancy, 10i/i@llc.
California dried fruits continue quiet and
firm at former values.
PRUNES-^394 c.
APRICOTS— Royal, 10@14c; Moorpark, 9 '4
@13c.
PEACHES— Peeled. 16@20c; unpeeled, IV,
@12i£c.
Chicago Grain Market.
CHICAGO, Dec. . 26. — The wheat market's
activity began at the tap of the gong despite
the absence of cables, May selling V-iQKc to
%@%c higher at 82V4c to 82%c. Sentiment,
already inclined to bull>hness, was stimulated
In that direction by the " report of damage • to
winter wheat in the Southwest. Lack of snow,
protection, it was' stated, had worked harm to
the tender roots. . A large demand sent May
to SS&esSJ/ic Sales from brokerage houses,
accompanied by the profit-taking operations of
floor traders, sent May back to 82%@82%c dur
ing the afternoon. At this ■ point puylng was
renewed for both the local and outside ac
count, and the market closed strong. May %@
%c over Monday, at 82 %c.
The corn market was a rather narrow affair
In the hands of the local traders. It held Its
own until the late drop in wheat, when corn
gave way. May closing easy, a shade lower, at
67c.
The market for- oats was local and trade
small. May closed %@%c up'at 45%c.
Provisions were fairly active and strong. A
light run of hogs and higher prices at the yards
gave the market strength and prices advanced.
On the bulge there was moderate profit-taking.
May pork closed 32%c higher, lard 20@22%c
up and ribs 12%@15c improved.
The leading futures ranged as follows: \
Articles — Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2— "
December 79 79 K 78% 79%
May 82% S3V* S2Vi 82%
July 82 Vj S2Ts 82 Vi 8214
Corn No. 2 —
December «4% 04% 63% 64%
May 07VJ, . 67% 06% 67
July •• 06% 67M> Mft 66%
Oats No. 2 —
December 44% 45^- 44% 44%
May 45% 45% 45% 4o<&
July 39% 39% 39}i - . 39$
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 16 65 16 75 16 55 15 75
May J7 00 17 30 17 00 17 25
Lard, per 100 lbs —
January 9 85 9 97% 9 82% 0 97%
May 9 92% 10 07% 9 02% 10 05
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs —
January 8 47% 8 55 8 45 8 65
May 8 70 8 80 8 67% 8 80
Cash . quotations ,were as follows: Flour,
steady: No. 3 spring wheat. 77%@79e: No. 2
red, S6@87%c: No. 2 yellow corn, 65%<g66c;
No. 2 oats, 46V>@47c; No. 2 white, 48%@49c;
No. 3 white, 48*4@49c; No. 2 rye, 66}4c; fair
to choice malting: barley, 60@C3c; No. 1 flax
ceed, $1 57; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 67; prime
timothy seed, 55 05: mess pork, per bbl, $15 75
015 SO; lard. Der 100 lbs. $!» 05@9 97%; short
ribs sides (loose). $8 -60(38 60; dry salted
shoulders (boxed), 7%©7^c; short clear sides
(boxed). ?S 00@9: whisky, basis of high wines,
$1 32; clover, contract grade, $9 50.
Articles — . • Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 128,000 85,000
Wheat, bushels 129,000 23,000
Corn, bushels 402,000 187,000
Oats, bushels 50S.O0O 371.000
Rye. bushels 54.000 10.000
Bailey, bushels 19(5.000 31,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creams, 15(ff24V>c; dairies,
14@21c. Cheese, steady, 9V.@lO9ic. Eggs,
firm; fresh, 2S(g2Sy.c.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat — March. May.
Opening Holiday
Closing
PARIS.
Wheat — Dec. Mar. -June.
Opening 22 30 22 1)5
Closing 22 20 23 CO
Flour-
Opening 27 !>5 28 85
Closing 27 90 28 Co
Available Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Dec. 2G.— Special cable and
telegraphic communications . to Bradstreet's
show the following changes In available sup
plies since last report:
Wheat — United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, increased 400,000 bush
els; afloat for and in Europe, decreased 1.00U, -
000 bushels. Total supply, decreased GOO.OtlO
bushels. •
CORN — United States and Canada, cast cf
the Rocky Mountains, increased Gi.dOO bushels.
Eastern Livestock Market.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO. Dec. 2(5. — CATTLE — Receipts.
25,700. Opened steady and strong at Monday's
prices, closed dull. Good to prime, $0 40<$
0 55; poor to medium, $3 75@G; stockers and
feeders, $2@4 25; cows, $1@4 G5: heifers, $1 500
5 25; canners, $1@2 20; bulls, $1 75@4 50;
calves. $2 50<g0; Texas fed steers. §3 12V"@
4 12>-i.
HOGS — Receipts to-day, 13,000; to-morrow,
28,000; left over, 2500. Active and 10c higher.
Mixed and butchers, $5 SO@G 35; good to choice
heavy. $0 20(ftG CO; rough heavy, §5 OOSTO 15;
light. $5 2o?f3 00; bulk of sales. $5 SO<S>U 35.
SHEEP — Receipts, SOOO; lO'glSc higher;
lambs, 15W2DC higher. Good to choice weth
ers, $3 70(?/4 50; lair to choice mixed. $3®3 75;
Western sheep, $u@4 25; native lambs, $2 50^
4 85.
ST. JOSEPH.
ST. JOSEPH. Dec. 26. — CATTLE— Receipts.
400. ' Market steady. .-Natives, $3 25@7 25;
cows and heifers, $1 23©5 25; veals, ,$ii 50©
5 25: stockers and feeders, $2@4.
HOGS— Receipts, 40C0. Market mostly 10c
higher. Light and light ' mixed, 55 COfjG 00;
medium and heavy.- $G U5@G 70; pigs, $J loit
4 SO.
' SHEEP — Receipts, 225. Market 15@25c
higher.
Nezv York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, Dec. 26. — It was a quiet and
uneventful day in the local market for metals.
In view of the fact that the London market
was closed for an extra day traders hero were
Indisposed to do much either way until thy
foreign market was again opened. Prices wire
generally unchanged, with pigiron warrants
quoted $10 50@ll 50, lake copper at $13 and
weak In tone; tin quiet and firm at $2325®
23 75; lead dull at $4; speller dull at $4 40
nominal. The outside price for tin'wa3 a shale
higher, but otherwise the market was entirely
without new feature. Electrolytic was quoted
$12 i)7i,i and casting at $12 50: No. 1 Northern
foundry iron was quoted at §15 50@lt>; No. 2
foundry. Southern, §14 C0@15 CO; No. 1 foun
dry,- Southern. ?i5@16; do soft, $15®17.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, Or., Dec. 20. —Clearings. $317,
478; balances, $1C,7CG. "
Northern Wheat Market.
OREGON.
PORTLAND. Dec. 2C— Wheat— Firm and
hisher. Walla Walla. Gl%@U2c; valley, 02c;
bluestem, 0:{c.
Foreign wheat exports from Portland for the
week ending to-day were 273,710 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Dec. 20. — Wheat — Lower. Blue
stem, 01c; club, UOc. '
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Dec. 20. — French rentes, lOOf Be.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Exchange and Bullion,
Sterling Exchange, 60 days... — $4 84 Vi
Sterling Exchange, ■ sight — 4 87Vi
Sterling Cables — 4 88 Mi
New York Exchange, sight... — 07Vi
New York Exch'ge, telegraph — ', 10
Silver, per ounce ■ — Soft
Mexican Dollars, nominal.... : — ■ 44%
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT — The foreign markets were steady
but dull, as usual during the holidays. Cables
from Rosarlo reduced the already low Argen
tine'estimates still lower- to an estimated ex
portable surplus of 16,000,000 or 17,000,000
bushels. Bradstreet's weekly estimate of sup
plies was as follows: East of the Rockies, an
increase of 400,000 bushels; Europe and afloat,
a decrease of 1,000,000; total decrease, 000,000
bushels'.
Chicago rose from 82c to SS^c and fell back
■ to 82%c. At the opening the demand was
good, but it was freely met. The buying was
better, than the selling, however. Snow's bul
letin on the growing winter crop was. rather
bullish, as -it reported the plant small, with a
poor root growth, due to the dry fall and lack
of snow protection during the recent low tem
perature. The millers took about 300,000 .bush
els. The break in prices was due to the real
izing on fears of the Government report to be
issued shortly. There was a tip, however, that
the report would make a crop of or>(),COO,000
bushels, or. uO.OOO.OOO under the estimates of
private statisticians. .'Stocks at Minneapolis
and Duluth Increased COO.COO bushels for the
week and Minneapolis reported the car famine
in North Dakota distressing, the elevators be
ing brimful of wheat. St. Louis reported feed-
Ing to' stock larger than had been anticipated.
The Cincinnati Price Current reported that the
late freeze was apparently -harmless and the
situation was favorable. Chicago reported that
foreigners had been buying for several : days
and that the farmers were holding back their
wheat. ■ .
This market showed no change on the spot.
Futures were higher at the opening, but sub
sequently fell back In sympathy with Chicago.
. Spot Wheat — Shipping, $1 05@l 06%; mill
ing $1 O7J/6 per ctl.
• , . ',■ CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — »:15 o'clock— May — 2000
ctls. fl 09: 0000, $1 09%.
Second Session — May — 10,000 ctls. $1 09%.
Regular Morning "Session — May — 14,000 ctls,
?1 08%. .;.;■ > . r
Afternoon" Session — May — 1000 ctls, $108%;
10,000. $1 08%: 32,000, ?l 09; 8000, fl 09%.
BARLEY — The market was a fraction higher
and very firm, with sales at the top quotations.'
Feed, 81'/i(&S2^c for choice bright, 80c for
No. 1 and 77%@78%c for off grades; brewing
and shipping grades, 85@87%c; Chevalier. 80c@
$1 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock — No Bales.
Second. Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session — May — 4000 ctls,
81c.
Afternoon Session — May — tOOO 'ctls, 81c.
OATS— The market has suddenly turned very
bullish again and some descriptions have ad
vanced from 2%c to 7%c. as will be seen. The
cause of the rise Is the reappearanco In the
market of the Government., which wants 2000
tons at Portland and 4000, with the privilege
of an ■ additional 2C00 tons, here, making a
probable total of 8000 tons wanted for this
account. . • ' .
The Chicago market Is the reverse of this,
being sluggish. i
Receipts at ■ San Francisco during the past
three days' have been nearly 20,000 ctl?. but
no effect on quotations has been produced.
Grays. $1 20 for feed and $1 20@l 25 for
seed; whites. $1 20iJU 37%; Surprise, $1 300
1 40; black. $1 07%@l 15 for feed and $1 20©
1 25 for seed; red, $1 17V,@1 20 per ctl for
feed and $1 SOffil 37% for seed.
CORN — Is sluggish, both here and In the
East, with a tendency, toward lower prices.
Large yellow. $1 30@l 35; small round do.
$1 36<§I 40: white. $1 30@l 35 per ctl.
RYE — 75®80c per ctl. . ■
BUCKWHEAT— Quoted at $1 65 per cental.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR — California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 60, \usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 7503 for Bakers'; Washington Bakers',
52 75@3. " . . . • .
MILLSTUFFS — Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats,$5; Hominy,
$4@4 25; Buckwheat Flour, $4@4'25: Cracked
Wheat, $3 50; Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85<@
8 35; in sacks, $6 50@8; Pearl Barley, $5;
Split Peas, ?5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
No further change In anything ; Is reported,
the different descriptions being steady.
BRAN — $17@18 per ton.
MIDDLINGS — $10@20 50 per ton.
FEKDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@17 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $27@2S; job
bing. $2S D0®29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn
Meal. $31@31 50; Cracked Corn, $31 50@C2;
Mixed Feed, $1C@17.
HAY — Wheat. ?9®11; fancy. $11 50@12-
Wheat and Oat, $S@11; Oat, $7@10; Barley
and Oat, $709: Alfalfa, $S@0 50: Clover, $t>@7;
Volunteer, ?o 5C@S; Stock, v$5@7" per ton.
STRAW— C0@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
All descriptions under 'this head continue dull
and unchanged. .Receipts of Flaxseed from the
north continue heavy, 12,000 sacks having come
In during the past day or two.
BEANS — Bayos, $2 30@2 40: Small White,
$2 75@:i 15; Large White. • $2 SO@.'{; Pea, $3 59
(&4; Pink, ?1 SO<82 10: Red, $2 50@3; Black
eye, ?;; 50@:> CO; Ltmas, $4 :i5@4 50; Red Kid
neys, $3 50@3 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Trieste Mustard, $3@3 15; Yellow
Mustard. $3 2i>@3 50; Flax, $2 40^2 CO- Ca
nary, 3Vi@3%c for Eastern: Alfalfa, from
Utah, .S'^c; Rape, l^Sl-ftc; Hemp, 3%c per lb.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25@1 05;" Green,
$1 25@1 50 per ctl.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Potatoes and Onions- remain about as before
quoted. Three cars of Merced Sweets came In
and sold at a decline. Vegetables showed lit
tle variation.
POTATOES — S0c®$l 10 for Eurbanks from
tht> river: Salinns Burbanks. $1 30^1 U0: Ore
gon Burbanks. SI 25@1 50; River Reds, $1 50@
1 GO; Sweets. 90c@91 for Merced.
ONIONS— $1 05&1 S5 per ctl; Oregons, $1 50
@1 90.
VEGETABLEfe— Green Peas from Los An
geles, S@10c; String Beans from Los Angeles,
8@15c; Cabbage, 4C@D0c per ctl: Los Angeles
Tomatoes, $1®1 25 per box and $1 75@2 per
crate; Dried Peppers, 9@17%c per lb: Dried
Okra. I2%@15c per lb; Carrots, 35(fi50c per
sack; Cucumbers, 25ig50c; Garlic, lVi@2 1 ,4c:
Los Angeles Green Peppers. 4c; Egg Plant
from Los Angeles. 15c: Summer Squash from
L03 Angeles. $1 25@1 50: Marrowfat Squash,
$o@S per ton; Hubbard Squash, $5@8; Mush
rooms, nominal. '
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern came in, making four
thus far this week. The demand was good and
handlers of domestic fowl reported a satis
factory market. For dressed stock there was
not much inquiry, and receipts were small be
ins only 12 cases.
Game remained about "as before with arri
vals of 00 sacks.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, 15@lSc; Live
Turkeys, for Gobblers and for
Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 75*32; Goslings,
?2f('2 25; Ducks. $4 0O{t5 for old and $5©ti
lor young: Hens. *-t'ji5: young Roosters, *± 60
©5; old Roosters. $4ig4 50: fryers, $4@4 50;
Broilers, $3 50g4 for large and $u@3 50 for-
Email, Pigeons, $1 25 per dozen lor old and
$1 75@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Doves, per dozen. $1; Hare, $1 25-
Rabbit*. II B0 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush;
Mallard, ?2 50®U; Canvasback, $2@3 SO; Sprig,
$ 1 5C£«2; Teal, $1@1 25; Widgeon, $1@1 2b;
Small Ducks, $1; Black Jack, $1@1 23; Ensrllsh
Snipe, .%»; Jack Snipe, $1 50; Gray Geese, $3;
White Geose, $1 50; Brant, SI oO<rt'2 per dozen;
Honkers. $3@4 CO. ~
Butter, Cheese and 'Eggs.
The only change worthy of note was a de
cline in storage Eggs on the Exchange, where
23c was the top price. The Egs market is well
cleaned up as far as ranch arc concerned, but
the feeling is not over firm, as this is the
season when values are likely to tumble at
short notice. Stocks are too light for a de
cline now, however.
Butter rules firm for creameries, which are
well cleaned up, but dull and easy for all other
grades. Cheese. Is weak and quiet, with liberal
stocks.
Receipts were 53,700 pounds of Butter,
pounds of Eastern Butter. 751 cases of Eggs,
400 cases of Eastern Eggs, 90UO pounds of
California Cheese and pounds of Oregon
Cheese.
BUTTER — Creamery, 2">@2Gc per lb for fancy
and 20@23c for se.conds; dairy, 17^i@22c;
Htore Butter, 14@17c per lb; Creamery Tub, 20c;
Pickled Roll, lS@19c:. Keg, Hi@lSc per lb.
CHEESE— New, 12c; old, lOfttm'/ic; Young
America, 13c per lb; Eastern, 13@15c.
liGGS — Ranch, 34@U5c for selected large,
31@33c for good to choice and ",0@o2c for fair;
store, 24@27 ] /£c per dozen; cold storage, 20@
25c; Eastern, 20@26c.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
C003 Bay Cranberries are lower, but the East,
em stock is firm and well cleaned up.
Apples and Pears' show no chango worthy of
remark. .
Good, deeply colored Oranges are moving off
well. Only one car came in and it wa3 chiefly
green seedlings. .Three cars of Oranges .and
Lemons are announced for the auction Monday.
Three . cars of New Orleans Bananas are lii
and two more are due.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES — $1 50@l 75 per box for extra, 75c
@$1 25 for good to choice and 25@60c for ordi
nary; Lady Apples, 75c@?l 50.
PEARS — Winter kinds, 75c@$2 50 per box.
QUINCES — Are about out.
PERSIMMONS — 25@50c per box. :
CRANBEKRIES — Eastern, §1) Gu@ll per bar
rel; Coos Bay, $2 50 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Navel Oranges, 75c@$l
for standards, $1@1 25 for choice and $1 50@2
for fancy;,' Seedlings, 75c@|l 25; Tangerines,
$1@1 50; Japanese Mandarins. 75c@$l; Lemons.
. r >(ic(it.$l for common and $1 G0@2 tor good to
choice, and $2 50@3 for fancy; Grape Fruit, $2
@3; Mexican Limes, $4@4 50; Bananas, $1 75®
2 75 per bunch for New Orleans and 75c@$l 75
for Hawaiian; Pineapples, $3©4 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
There is no further change to report, the
market being active and flrm,.with steadlfv de
! creasing stocks of all descriptions.
FRUITS — Apricots, 7@SVic for Koyals and 8
@13c for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evap
orated Apples, 7®8V4c; sun-dried, 4@4}£c;
Peaches, 6@7%c;" Pears, 4@Sc;' Plums, pitted'
4@<f>»/.c; unpitted, l@2c; Nectarines, 0©5»£c for
rtd and S^&ti^c f O r white; Figs, liitic lor
black and 2%@3%c for white. - '
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows:
30-40's, 5V4@5%c; 40-50's. 4?4@5v4c; 50-60's
4}4@i%c; liO-70's. 3%@4%c; 70-SO's. BUO3%cl
fcO-Ws, 2»4@3 1 / ic; DO-100's. 2V4@2%c per lb
RAISINS — (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters ?
Imperial. $3; Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
crown, $1 CO; London Layers — Three-crown
$1 35; two-crown, $1 25. Price per lb: Stand
ard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. "l>%c; three
crown 614c; two-crown. 4%c; Seedless Musca
tels. Cc; Seedless Sultanas. 5>£c; Thompson
Seedless, C^c; Bleached Sultanas — Fancy, 8%c
choice, 7%c; .standard, »;>£c; prime. 5V&c; un
bleached Sultanas." 5c. Bleached Thompson's
Extra fancy, lie; fancy. 10c; choice, Dc; stand
ard. lYic; prime, 6V4c. • Fancy* seeded, 7c:
choice needed. 6%c; do In bulk, fancy 65ic*
choice, 6%c per lb. ' V* *
NUTS — Chestnuts, 10@llc: Walnuts. No 1
softshell. 9%c; No. 2,: S®SVic; No. 1 hardshell
9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 10>/£@12c -for paper
shell, 9@l0c for softshell and (!@7c for hard
shell; Peanuts. 5@7c for Eastern; Brazil Nuts
12gi2V4c; Filberts. 12@12i.ic; Pecans, lKfJUc'
Cocoanuts, $3 f>Gi@5.
-HONEY— Comb. lSO^'^c for bright and 10J8
ll%c for light amber: water white extracted"
B@(ic; light amber, extracted. 4©5c: dark '4.;
BEESWAX— 27%@29c per lb. ' ■ "
• Provisions.
There is nothing new in this market. Chi
cago has again advanced, chiefly on the spec
ulative buying for countrymen, who seem to
have unbounded confidence In the future of the
market. Some of the Chicago packers, how
ever, are selling. ,
CUBED MEATS- Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12%c for light medium, 13%c for light,
«%c for extra light and 15c for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13C: California
Hams, 12%c; Mess Beef, $10@10 60 per barrel;
extra Mess. $11@11 50; Family. $12@1250.
prime Mess Pork. $15; extra clear, $22 50@23.
Mess, ?18 50@19; Smoked Beef. 13%@14c per
LARD— Tierces, quoted at 8%c per lb for
compound and ll%c for pure: half barrels,
pure, ll%c; 10-lb tins. 12*;c; 8-lb tins. 12%c;
3-lb tins. 12%c. _., ..
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel. 10%c: three
half-barrels. 10c: one tierce. 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb. -
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium. 10c; light. 9%c; Cow
Hides, 9%c for heavy and 9@9%c for light;
Stags. ?c: Salted Kip. 9%c; Salted Veal. 9%c;
Salted Calf, 10c; Dry Hides, 16%c; Culls. 14c;
Dry Kip, 15c; Dry Calf. 18c; Culls and Brands,
15c; Sheeoskins, shearlings. 15<g>30c each; short
Wool 40«J60c each; medium. 60®S5c; long
Wool." S0c@?l 10 each; _ '-Horse Hides, salt,
$2 50®2 75 for larg« and ?2@2 25 for medium,
$1 75 for small and BOc for Colts: Horse
Hides, dry $1 75 for large. $1 25® I 50 for me
dium. $1 23 for small and 50c for Colts. Deer
ski ns- — Summer or red skina, 35c: fall or me
dium skins. 30c; winter or thin skins. 20c.
Goatskins — Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. 50c; medium. 85c.
TALLOW — No. 1 rendered. 6c per lb: No. 2,
4%®5c: grease, 3c.
WOOL — Fall. San Joaquln, 6®Sc; San Joaquln
Lambs', 7%@8%e; Middle County, 8©10c per
pound.
HOPS — 9@10o for fair and 11012c per lb for
good to choice.- Local dealers quote 10©15c
for shipment. " .
San Francisco Meat Market.
All kinds remain as before quoted, and the
whole market is firm under moderate supplies.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are an follows:
BEEF — 7%@8%c for Steers and 6%@7c per
lb for Cows.
VEAL — Large. 7@8%c: small, 8@10c per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, S@S%c; Ewes, 7%@Sc
per lb.
LAMB — !>®0%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, from 150 to 250 lbs. 6c;
under 150 lbs, 5%@5%c; sows 20 per cent off:
boars, 30 per cent off. and 'stags 40 per cent
oft from the above quotations; dressed Hogs,
768%c
General Merchandise.
■ GRAIN BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags. 7c: lo
cal make. %c lees than Calcuttas; Wool Bass,
32@35c: Fleece Twine. 7%@8c.
COAL — Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, $9; Seattle, $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Bay, $5 50; Wallsend. $S 50: co-operative Walls
end, $8 50; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25
in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $15;
Cannel. ?11 per tori; Coke. $15 per ton In bulk
and $17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
(8 45 per 2000 lbs and $S 50 per ton, according
to brand.
OILS — California Castor OH, in cases, No. 1,
70c; pure. $1 20; Linseed OH. In barrels, boiled.
67c; raw, 65c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 56c for
boiled and !>4c for raw In barrels; Lard On,
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 90c;
China Nut. 55@72c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot.
in barrels. 70c; cases, 75c; Sperm, pure, 65c;
Whale Oil. natural white, 40@45c per gallon;
Fish Oil, barrels. 37%c; cases, 42%c; Cocoanut
Oil. barrels, 63%c for Ceylon and 5S%c for
Australian.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. in bulk.
13y.c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 20c; Astral, 20c;
Star. 2Cc; Extra Star, 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene.
22c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c: In
cases, 21%c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c: In cases.
2O%e; Sr>-desree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; in
cases, 26V.c. .
TURPENTINE— 5SVic per gallon in case*
and 52: In drums and Iron barrels.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. in 100-lb bags:
Cubes, Crushed -and Fine Crushed, 5.05c;
Powdered. 4.90c; Candy Granulated. 4.00c;
Dry Granulated. 4.S0c; Confectioners* A, 4.S0c;
Fruit Granulated. 4.80c; Beet Granulated (100
lb bags only). 4.70c: Magnolia A. 4.40c; Extra
C. 4.30c; Golden C, 4.20c; D, 4.10c; barrels. 10c
more; half-barrels. 23c more: boxes. 50c more:
50-lb bags. 10c more. J'o orders taken for less
than 75 barrels or Its emiivalent. Doralnoa,
half-barrels. 5.30c; boxes, 5.55c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
' FOR THURSDAY. DECEMBER 26.
Flour, qr sks 15,630 [Mustard, eks... 16S
Wheat, ctls 19r»,S07 Wool, sks ' 52
Barley, ctls 7,010 Wine, gals 70,000
Oats, ctls 2.3C0, Brandy, gals... 28.CC0
Corn, ctls l,7D0!LIme, bbls 1,002!
Sugar, ctls 3,102 Chicory, bbls-.. 25"
Tallow, ctls . . . 247 Pelts, btlls 2fi2
Beans, sks S70 Hides, No 1C0
Potatoes, sks . . Leather, rolls . . • 40 !
Onions, sks .... 340 Raisins, bxs ... 2,085
Bran, sks 330 Hay, tons 420
Middlings, sks.. 100 1
OREGON.
Flour, qr-sks... 1S.402 1 Potatoes, sks .. 1.580
Oats, ctls 4,120 Bran, sks ...._. 1,820
STOCK MARKET.
Local stocks still wore an air of holiday
stagnation, there being little business and very
few. fluctuations. There were sales of Gas ftnd
Electric at $12 and of Market Street Railroad
at $S9 87>i@90.
There was nothing new In the oil stocks.
The Nevada County Bank of Nevada City has
declared a dividend of 3% per cent per annum
on ordinary savings deposits for the last half
of the year. The dividend^ will be payable
January 2.
San Joaquln Oil was ex-dividend of 5c yes
terday.
The Humboldt Savings and Loan Society has
a dividend of 3 per cent per annum
"On all deposit?, payable January 2.
The Savings and Loan Society has declared
a dividend of 3% per cent per annum on all
deposits payable January 2.
The Continental Butldlng and Loan Associa
tion has declared dividends of 6 per cent per
annum on term deposits. 5 per cent on ordi
nary deposits and 8 per cent on classes A and
F stock.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, Dec. 26—2:30 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. m,} s jj
4s quar coup.112%113% 4s qr c (new) 139% 140 '
4s v quar reg.111%112% 3s quar coup.108% —
v MISCELLANEOUS . BONDS.
Bay CRC 5s.lO8<4 — Oceanic 5s.." 105
Cal-st 03 ...119 — Ombus C 63.129tH.T>
C C Wat 53.111 — Pac G Im 4s. 96 100
Ed L & P 6s. — — Pk&C H 6s. — Jr>
Fer&C H 6s. 120 — Pk&O R 63.. 121 —
Geary-st 5s.. — ; 100 Powl-st R 6sllSTAv>n
H C&S 5%s. — — Sac EGR 5s. 95% 97U
Do 5s _10O SF & SJVSs. — 123H
L Ang R 5S.113 11U^ Sierra Cal 6s — _ A
L A Lght 6S.101U — S P of Ar 6a
. Do gtd 6s. 100 — (1909) 113%114
Do gtd 5s.l02%105i/» ■ (1910) . . ! . _ % _
L A & P 5e. 99 — S P of Cal Cs
Do lem 5S.101 103 (1905)Sr A.1O7V.10SU
Mkt-st C 6s.l27% — (1905)Sr B 108% —
Do lem 5s. — 123 (1906) ...,110»illl
N R Cal 6s. .112%lK'.'/ 2 (1912) . . . .120 —
Do 53 ....121% — S P Cal 1st
N Pac C Gs.lO7Vi — ■ c gntd fta ll<v
N Cal R 5s.ll2<K,m% S P BrCalCs 136 —
Oak Gas 5s..ll3>,ill5 S V "Wat 6s.lll94ll-»v;
Oak Tran 6s. — 125 Do 4s . 10°%
Do 1st c&t.lll 111% Do 4s 3d mlOl 101K
Oak W g 5s.lO5 — Stktn Gas 6s.lO2 100
•' WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 74 74% I Port Costa. 63% 66
Marin Co ... ES — I Spring Val.. 86Ji 86^1
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P. 2% 3% Pac Light... 45 . >; -iv
Eqt G L Co. 3 3% Sacramento as
Mutual — 5% 3 F G & E.' 42 43
O G L & H. 52 62% San Fran.... &%'. 5*4
Pac Gas Imp — 42% Stktn G & E 8 —
INSURANCE. '
Firm's Fnd.245 — f
Anglo-Cal .. 79% — L P & A 16**% _
California . .417 425 Mer Ex (Hq).' 18V? —
Cal Safe Dp.110 — S F Nationl.135 _
First Natnl. .323 350 .
SAVINGS BANKS.
German ...1025 — Sav & Loan. — 80
Humboldt .. — — Security Sav.315
Mutual Sav.. CG — Union Trst.1800
S F Sav U..525 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ..14S — (Market 8» 00
Geary — 50 v; I Presidio 35% _
POWDER.
Giant 80 S2Vi|Vlgorit 4% 5
SUGAR.
Hana 3>i 4% iKIlauea ...._ 10
Hawaiian .. 34 .— Makawell ..25 —
Honokaa ... 10 — lOnomea .. 22
Hutchinson . 14% 15. IPaauhau .".". 10 iot4
MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.l(59%170 S C 35
Cal Fruit As. — 100 [Pac A F A . •>% _
Cal Wine As. 89% «1 Pac C Bone 1C5 —
Mer Exchge.110 — |p a r Paint... 15 _
Morning Session.
Board —
50 Alaska Packers' As.-m I7n «v»
10 Contra Costa Water 74 on
11)0 Paauhau S P Co "" in"-'
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 4" So
25 Spring Valley Water '.'.'.[[ 86^
50 California Wine Assn §9 jq
Afternoon Session
Board— x -
30 Alaska Packers 1 Assn ... ita «a
10 Contra Costa Water '. 74 XX
280 Market' s Street Railway ... *"*<«» 1W1
20 Market Street Railway ...'.'."" £) 87 U
10O Oakland Gas * . ■ V> Oft
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 3 00 4*» CO
3 Spring Valley Water .' !"" S6 50
Street —
5 Spring Valley Water 8C 50
PRODUCERS' .Oil. EXCHANGE. A
Morning Session.
Board —
500 Bear Flag 0t
500 Cala-Standard 18
100 Home 8 30
1000 Lion OS
250 Monte Crlsto 1 75
100 Peerless (b 90) B 25
50 Peerless BOO
1000 Superior ( OT
Afternoon Session.
Board —
100 Home * 30
100 Monarch of Arizona IS
900 Oil City Petroleum * 21
500 Sterling 1 W
500 Superior 07
Street —
500 Superior 07
1000 Bear Flag 01
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
day :
Morning Session.
100 Co'n Cal & V.I 6fT 400 Savage or?
300 Gould & Cur. 00 SOO Sierra Nev... 21
100 H & Norcross 15 600 Silver Hill... 35
300 Mexican 40 10O Union Con... 13
100 Ophir 67 SCO Yellow Jacket 10
Afternoon Session.
200 Best & Belch. 16 900 Ophir 71
500 Best & Belch. 15 150 Ophir 70
100 Caledonia ... 24 1900 Savage 04
200 Caledonia ... 25 500 Sierra Nev... 2:5
200 Challenge ... 13 600 Sierra Nev... 22
450 Con Cal & V.I 60 200 Silver Hill... 35;>
'200 Confidence ... 53 CCO Silver Hill... 30 r
900 Mexican 60 400 Union Con... 17
700 Mexican 89 300 Yellow Jacket 10
The following were the sales in the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Andes 02 12CO Mexican 15
600 Best & Belch, la 100 Ophir 68
700 Best & Belch. 14 300 Sierra Nev... 20
200 Con Cal & V.I t>0 200 Union Con... 13
200 Gould & Cur. 0« 600 Union Con... 15
800 Mexican 43 200 Yellow Jacket 00
700 Mexican 44 200 Yellow Jacket 10
Afternoon Session. ...
600 Andes 02 600 Ophir 69
400 Caledonia ... 25 200 Ophir 70
1500 Challenge- Con 14 200 Ophir 71
700 Challenge Con 15 600 Potosi 05
300 Chollar 05 500 Savage 04
100 Con C & V.I 62% 300 Sierra. Nev... 23
200 Confidence ... 6!) 20O Sierra Nev. y 24
200 Confidence^ . . . «0 2C0 Sierra Nev... 25
500 Crown Folnt. 0.J 200 Union Con... is
500 Gould & Cur. 07 5C0 Utah 07
300 Mexican 63 200 Yellow Jacket 10
10O Mexican 70
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Dec. 2a— 1 p. m.
Alpha — 02 Justice 08 07
Alta 05 06 Kentuck — 03
Andes ....... 01 02 Lady Wash . . 01 —
Belcher 13 15'Mexlcan 70 71
Best & Belch. 15 17 Occidental ... 03 04
Bullion G2 •031 Ophir 73 74
Caledonia ... 24 25 1 Overman .... 09 10
Challenge Con 14 16 Potosi 04 1)5
Chollar O4 05 Savage <tt 04
Confidence ... 6O 62 Scorpion ....•• — 04
Con Cal & V.I 65 1 10 Seg Belcher.. 01 O;{
Con Imperial. — 02 Sierra Nev... 20 27 t
Con New Yk. 01 — Silver Hill... 37 39 u
Crown Point. 02 04 St Louis — 01
Eureka Con.. 20 — Standard ....3 60 — \
Exchequer .. — 02 Syndicate ... — 06
Gould & Cur. 08 00 Union Con... 2O 23
Hale & Norc. 17 20 Utah 07 08
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket CO 11
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Allen H. and John E. Piper et al. to Ed
ward ilcLaughlin, lot on SW corner of'BusU
and Franklin streets, W 144:9 by S 120; $4630.
Albert W. and Lillle Scholle to Christine E.
Rapetti. lot on S line of CFarrell street, 110
W from Gough. W 27*. 6 by S 137 :«; $57 SO.
City and County of San Francisco to Fred
crica O'Connell, lot on N line of Geary street,
180:5 W from Octavia, W 25:10 by N 120; $— .
Meta Ecks (widow) to Henry von Bremen,
lot on E line of Buchanan street, 80 S from
Turk, 3 23:9 by E 110; $10.
Henry Cowell to Antonio Lalolo, lot on NW
corner ol Hermann and Webster streets, N
24 by XV 81:3; also lot on E line of Mlddlo
street. 87:6 S from California. S 25 by E 80;
also lot on S line of California street. SI W
from Webster. W 54 by 8 87:6; $10.
Margaret G. Fllnn (single) to Kate Murray
(single), lot on E line of Fillmore street. 27:«t
N from Eddy, N 82:6 by E 110; $10.
Robert H. and Louisa M. Pratt to Howard
C. and Minnie I* Tibbitts, lot on N lln« of
Union street. 120 "W from Devisadero, W 40
by N 137:6: $10.
Guy M. and Sarah J. "Wood to Benjamin
Wood, lot on JTW corner of Geary and Wood
streets, W 29:9 by N 96:8; $10.
John F. Schroder to Anna It. Schroder, lot
en S line of Oak street, 181:3 W from Cok, W
25 by S 137:6; $10.
Hlbernia Savings and Loan Society to -Her
man A. and Theresa Hankozy. lot on NW line
of West Mission street. 23 SW of Brady, new
line; also 2S3 NE of . Hermann street, SW.23
by NW 75; $2250.
Amy Crocker Gouraud (Ashe). wife of Jack
son, to Edward L. Landegren. lot on S line of
Fourteenth street, 180 W ot Valencia. W 25
by S 130: $10.
Annie Hart to John Hart, undivided % o*
lot on W line cf Lexington avenue (Stevenson
street), 110 S of Nineteenth, S 50 by W iO;
gift.
Estate of Jennie Sullivan (by Carrie Hamil
ton, administratrix) to Andrew F. Schulz. lot
on N line of Twenty-second street. 3O K oC
Harrison. E 25 by N 100; $4000.
Michael Hodge to Catherine Hodge (wife),
lot on N line of Union street, 77:0 E of
Keamy. E 20 by N 87:6; gift.
William Rigby to Henry E. Bothln. lot on
SW corner of Mason and Filbert streets, W 41
by S 49; $3950.
Charles S. Wheeler to George H. Bucking
ham, lot on SE line of Berry street, 91 :S SW
of Fifth. SW 43:10 by SE 275; $1100.
John E. Sharp to same, same; also lot on
E comer of Townsend and Sixth streets, S12
137:8 by NE 137:6; $5.
City and County ot San Francisco to John
McAuliffe. lot on E line of Florida street 75
S of Butte. S 25 by E 100; $ .
Solomon and Dora Getz to Mary and Robert
J. Egar, lot on W line of Nineteenth avenue.
250 N of Point Loboa avenue. N 25 by W 12U:
$10.
Burton J. and Emma L. Xeill to John Bur
goyne, lot on N line of B street, 32:6 E of
Seventh avenue, E 25 by N 100; $10.
Babetta Moegllng (wife of William) to Anna
Moegllng (single), lot on SE corner of I street
and Twelfth avenue, E 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Edward F. Dem
mick, lot on N line of J street. 57:6 W of
LlKhteenth avenue, W 25 by N 100; $10.
J. Frank and Mary E. Ball to Jeremiah
Lynch, lot on E line of Fourth avenue, 100 N
of Clement street. N 25 by E 120: $10
Nicholas and Mathilde Ohlandt to San Fran
cisco and San Mateo Electric Railway Com
pany, commencing at a point 45 feet N 51 de
grees 40 minutes E from an Iron monument
cr. E line of lot 1 Belle Roche City Homestead
NE 140, NE 75, SW 70. SW 145- $1
Theodore F. Rosenthal to Emanuel L-wia.
IS^^J^J 101^ 81 " ? f Ed| nburg and India streets.
NW I0O by NE 130, block 33. Excelsior Home-
Stead; $10. ,
• Charles F. A. and Marl or Mary Eberhardt
to Oscar Heyman. lots S41 and 343. Gift Map
1 . R iS.'i^ Ild -7? a , Hnffo Me ver to Charles Meyer,
lot 1761. Gift Map 3; $20
Roman Catholic Archbishop of San Fran
cisco (religious corporation sole) to Loul3 and
J£ ar ? r £J e " er> I 0 * on NE »ne of Croke street.
275 NW from Mission. NW 25 by NE 15", lot
20. Academy Tract; $450.
L '^ nd . er Shor2s to " Mary R. Dustan. 1SU7 T>.
S!%.o J nt 5SS?J ln estate ot Mal- y w - Shores,
deceased, 220C1; reconveyance deed.
Alameda County.
Karl H. Nickel (single) to James T. Eeclo
ston. lot on E line of Union street. 334 N
from Eighth. N 30 by E 133:3. block 54S. Oak
land; $10.
George H. and Florence Rebecca Rowland
(wife) to Francisco J. Vieira and Nlclau M01.
teiro, lot on S line of West Fifth street. 50 E
from Lewis. E 60 by S 113. lots 24 and 25.
block G, map of Bay View Homestead and ad
joining property on north. Oakland; $10
Laura M. Bond (widow) to George K. Ho!
loway lof on S line of Grant street 130 W
from Union. W 50 by S 100. lots 13 and 14 in
£L°£, k ?• . m , ap of New Town ot Lynn. East
Oakland; $10.
John Walker (widower) to George Bolton.
lot on XV line ol Lafayette street. 57:6 S froin
Railroad avenue. S 50 by XV 108, block 31,
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
Joseph P. Someria, Henry Semerla and as
attorneys, Clara Semerla and Ernestine Gen
csy. to Lodovico Rosana. lot on W line of
Eighth street. ICO S from University' avenue.
W Si. S to intersection of a line drawn paral
lel with said avenue for a distance of 97 W
from a point en W line of Eighth street which
Is 150 S from University avenue, E 07. N 00.
portion of block 07, map of Tract B. Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley (recorded December 23, 1901); $10.
Same to Fllino and Santlna Ghlorso (wife),
lot on E Une of Ninth street, 100 S from Uni
versity avenue. S 50 by E 130. portion of block
00. same (recorded December 23. 1901); $10.
Gertrude B. and John U. Perkins to. Bessie
M. and George K. Holloway. SE 37.5O feet of
lot 8, block A, Monte Vista Tract, said 37.50
feet fronting on Vincent street, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10. ;r ....
L. XV. Frosting (single) to Charles R. East
man, lot or. NE corner of Latham Terrace' and
Orange avenue, E 240 by N 50. portion of
Blasdel Tract, being also S 50 feet of n-st
piece of land described ln 712 D. 245, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
B. Kelsey (single) to "Walter F. Lloyd, lot 5.
block A; map of Subdivision of Heald's Twen
ty-thlnl Avenue Tract. Brooklyn township: $5.
Harriet A. Weaver (widow) to J. R. Mac-
Grego-. lot on N line of Buena Vista avenue,
122.18 E of Paffk street. E 40 by N 100. lot 27,
block G. Golden Gate Tract. Oakland: $10.
F. A. Holton and Mrs. Adella L. Holton
(wife) to Isabella Wright, lot on NW line of
Fourteenth .avenue. 140.44 SW of East Twenty
fifth street. SW 35.64. NW 120.08. NE 34 SB
140.35. portion of block 131, Clinton, East Oak- .
la ivl: $10.
Mrs. S. GoUey (Edwards) to Walter vF. Lloyd,
lot 5. block A, Map of .Subdivision of the Heald
Twenty-third Avenue Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
Augusta T. Brewitt to Anton and Ellse Got
stein. lot on N line of Haight avenue. 381:101a
W of Seventh street. W 32:0 by N I"*© Ala
meda; $10.REAL SANTA CLAUS IS BILLED TO COME
DOWN A REAL CHIMNEY INTO CHURCH
Unitarian. Sunday-School of Oakland Preparing for an
Elaborate Entertainment in Celebration of Christmas, at
Which "Nonsense Rhymes" Will Be Given by Glee Club
O AIRLAND, Dec. 26.-The Sunday
schools of Oakland will cele
brate Christmas v.-ith appropria
ate «?nt«=rtainments, and interest
ins programmes have been pre
pared by several o£ the churches for to
morrow, the most elaborate being that ar
7-ansred by the teachers of the First Uni
tarian Church. The entertainment will
:ake place in the afternoon and wlU be
l.articipateil in by forty or fifty chil-
OTML several novel features have been
'•repart-d. and a real Santa Olaus will
h:s a;ii)caranco from a very real
. "oKing; but eccentric chimney. The
•Nonsense Rhymes" v.hich will be ren
dered by tho Rlee club have been ar
iange<l es;>ecially for the occasion by
.vlrs. Willard. Kach regular attendant
vr'.U receive a gift from Santa Claus at
I he conclusion of the programme. Tliorn
(on A. Mills is superintendent of the
i- unaay-sehool and it is under his direc
i on thai the entertainment will be
; wen. He will be assisted by his corps
< ." vtachers.
Tft" programme will begin at 2:30 and
Bill be as follows: Farce, "The Revolt
• f F.imta Claus," in which the principal
STUDENTS EAT
POISONED FOOD
College Men Become 111
After Christmas
Dinner.
BERKELEY, Dec. 26.— Two students of
the University of California are in a seri
ous condition as the result of eating a
poisoned Christmas pie left for them l:y
some unknown person. Whether the pie
was poisoned as a joke, with criminal in
tent or accidentally is not known.
F. D. Lord and J. R. Hall, two mem
bers of the La Junta Club, at 2511 Dwlght
way, discovered a pie which they ha-.i
not ordered &t the clubhouse on their re
turn there for a late dinner yesterday
after several hours' absence. The pie was
accepted in good faith, and the' young
men prepared and ate their bachelor re
pdfct. No one was with them at the time.
as most of the boys had gone to their
honifs for the v.inter vacation.
I^ord ate the larger part of the. pie, and
became ill soon afterward. He rapidly
grew \vor>e. and at an early hour this
morning Hall, who was not no ill as his
companion, summoned medical aid.
Lord was removed to a friend's house
in North Berkeley this morning, and is
now believed to be out of danger. Hall'*
condition is much improved. Neither cf
f the boys is able to tell who sent the poi
soned pie or why. They lean to the the
ory that it must have been an attempt
at a joke on the part of some one.
Robbed the Mail.
Charles Boraigard was arrested la^t
night and charged with having robbed
ihe United States mall. He was dis
charged from the Central Emergency
•lospital at 6 o'clock last night and a
short time afterward was seen taking a
package from the outside of a mall box
on Market street, between Grant avenue
and Kearny street. He was taken into
< -ustody by Officers Winzler and Clark.
What Shall We
Have for Dessert?
This question arises in. the family
every day. Let us answer it to-day. Try
v a delicious and healthful dessert. Pre-
r pared in two minutes. No boiling! no
baking ! add boiling water and set to
cool. Klavors:— Lemon, Orange, Rasp-
berry and Strawberry. Get a package
Kt your grocers to-day. 10 cts.
THREE MEMBERS OF THE FIRST UNITARIAN SUNDAY SCHOOL WHO
WILL TAKE PART IN "A CHRISTMAS SURPRISE PARTY." TO BE
i GIVEN THIS AFTERNOON, WITH A REAL SANTA CLAUS PRESENT.
! .
characters will be Santa Claus, by hlrn
t:elr, ;itid the ''Mothers at the Winds."
Others in the cast arc:
Attendants to Santa Claus — Johnnie Robin
ton and Ovan "Reich: Scotchman. Robert Clark:
Engilsman. 'William Sampson; Dixie, f-amuel
Houghton; Chinaman, Tom Roberts; Frisco,
Junior Wight; the Spirit of Childhood. Lillie
Simmons; G«many, Hattie Ehrenburg: Ire
land, Lulu Katzenbach : Hawaii. Dorothy ■Wil
lard: Japan. Adole Kngelhardt: Filipino. Xe6tor
Abramc.wsky. Ksklmo, Harold Cloud; Pris
<*ella. He!*Ti Watklns; France, Bernice Mingle;
Italy. Mary McMuIlen.
Recitation by Esther Chick.
"Nonsense Rhymts"' by the Boys' Glee Club.
P.ecitaticn by Bertha Reed.
A play, entitled "A Christmas Surprise
Party." alsr> arranged for the occasion by
Mrf. J. F. Wiilard: Participant? — Helen Dor
nSn. ICathprine Barnes. Jean Baker. Charles
Mills, Vega Dyberp. Gladys Courtaln, Flor
ence Barrel. Mary Kr.slehardt, Harold Cuvel
lier. Edith Drake, E<1ith Coffin, Gladys Coffin,
Leola Hamilton. Zera I'pham Neuhaus,
Esther Church and I-ola Cutter. .
The members of the slec club are:
Htrry Hirks. Louis Abramowsky, Edwin
Burgelin. Hoil and Hudson, Herman Dybcrgr,
WILL BE BURIED
FROM FRUITVALE
Walter Morosco's Fu
neral to Take Place
on Sunday Next.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 26.
The funeral of Walter Morosco, as the
late Walter Melville Bishop was known
to the public, will be held at 2 o'clock on
Sunday afternoon. Services will be-con
ducted in the Fruitvale Congregational
Chapel, Fruitvale avenue, corner of East
Sixteenth street, by the Rev. Henry Mow
bray. The interment will take place In
Mountain View Cemetery.
When Walter Morosco died the children
of Fruitvale and the little inmates of the
West Oakland Home lost a good friend,
and there will be many a little mourner
at the funeral.
Among men Walter Morosco was ex
tremeiy reserved. With the children he
was different, and he was never happier
than when administering to the enjoyment
of the troops of youngsters tf> whom he
periodically turned over his 'house,
grounds and Shetland ponies.
Shortly before retiring last • night he
wont to considerable trouble to find out
whether his Christmas arrangements for
the West Oakland Home had been car
ried out.
Harry Morosco, decedent s son. said to
dav that he intended to continue the
treats to children out of which his father
: got so much pleasure.
Walter Morosco was 52 j'ears old. He
1 leaves one son. Harry, and two grandchil
dren, Elsie Melville Bishop, aged 3V6 years,
and King Lester Bishop, 2 years old.
Walter Morosco ran away from home
when 1" years of age to become an acro
bat-In a circus. He remained In the show
bu«iness until a short time ago. when he
' disposed of his Interests to the Grand
! Opera-house Company, of which concern
Harry Morosco is now manager. .
Morosco has acted In a managerial ca
pacity ever since 1878, when he touted the
Southern and Central States with a cir
cus. His last circus experience was with
the Sherman show, which he took to Hon
olulu shortlv before opening Union Hall
in San Francisco. This was In 1886.
■ His late home In Upper Fruitvale is one
of the most beautiful residences in the
State.
Sailors Must Pay Head Tax.
The Commissioner General .of Immigra
tion has decided that all alien . seamen
who have signed chipping articles at for
eign ports and are landed at the port of
arrival in the United States nhall be sub
ject to the law regulating immigrants,
including the payment of the head tax of.
$1 The decision was handed down In the
matter of the appeal of Alexander Cen
ter, general agent of the Pacific Mall
Steamship Company, from the action of
United States Immigration Commissioner
H. H. North, imposing the head tax upon
124 members of the crews of vessels of
that company.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27, 1901.
Kdgar Willarcl. Cecil Kaker. Charles Mills.
Alexander Raitray, Cutter McGlenlgan, Krank
W'ashburn, Harold Cuvellier, John Kiernan,
Mortimer Quayle, Walter Rsed and Sam
uel Jark. c on. •,-...
The classes of the First Methodist
Sunday-school will also be entertained
to-morrow afternoon and evening by
their teachers. The smaller children will
have a tree and a general good time In
the afternoon. About 150 little ones are
expected to be present. Mrs. W. A. Web
rter is the chairman of the committee in
charge, and her assistants are Miss Eva
Fulton, Miss Edith Larkey, Miss Clara
Norman, Miss Minnie Smith, Miss Ida
Larkey and Miss Ida Kelsey.
In the evening the "interrrfediates"
will enjoy a Christmas feast and pro
gramme of music and games. Mrs. J. C.
Hill has the evening entertainment In
charge.
The members of the First Presbyterian
Sunday-school will also entertain to-mor
row and quite an elaborate programme
will be presented.
One feature will be an alphabetical
number presented by twenty-six liftle
cirls.
WOMAN SHOOTS
AT MASKED MAN
Sends Five Bullets After
Thief as He Flees
for Safety.
ALAMEDA, Dec. 26.— Mrs. George W.
Allinger of 1530 Court street greeted a
masked robber with a bombardment from
a pistol early yesterday morning. -
On Christmas eve the members of the
Allinger family were up until after 12
o'clock. While Mrs. Allinger was making
her way from a rear to a front room in
the residence she looked through a win
dow and saw a man outelde who was try-
Ing to force an entrance into the house.
Mrs. Allinger secured a revolver, went
to the front door and opened It just as tho
man was passing along to the gate open-
Ing to the sidewalk.
"Throw up your hands!" ordered the
woman behind the gun.
Up went the supposed burglar's hands,
but while t.hc-y were erect he kept back
ing toward the gate and suddenly broke
and ran. Mrs. Allinger pulled the trigger
of the pistol five times as rapidlv as she
could. The fleeing man did not heed the
fusillade and lengthened his strides until
he got out of sight.
"I was first afraid that one of the bul
lets hit the man," said Mrs. Allinger to
day, "and now I am glad that he got
away without being killed."
INDIANS ARE STRICKEN
WITH DEADLY SMALLPOX
TACOMA, Dec. 26— Missionary Carl,
who is living among the Hoonah (Alaska)
Indians, has appealed to Governor Brady
and the citizens of Juneau and Sltka for
aid In stamping out malignant smallpox
prevalent among that tribe. He states
that unless active measures are taken to
eradicate the disease it will also become
epidemic among the whites. Governor
Brady and Mayor Forrest of Juneau were
present at a meeting of Juneau citizens
held last week. It was decided that Im
mediate relief should be afforded, as the
Hoonah Indians are wandering from
camp to camp and are liable to spread
the smallpox. Governor Brady has since
sent the revenue cutter Rush to Hoonah
with everything necessary to disinfect the
whole village.
Juneau Is raising funds. Governor
Brady's talk revealed the fact that
though the Alaska Indians are the only
ones in the United States or her colonies
that are of no expense to the Govern
ment, there Is not a cent available for
their welfare In <such an emergency as
this.
Stole Horse and Buggy,
Ed Horan, a boiler-maker," was arrested
last night by Officers Brown and Percival
and charged with burglary. He was ac
cused of having taken a horso and buggy
from the stables of L. Swcitzer at Tenth
and Harrison streets.
SAW IRON BARS
AND BREAK JAIL
Prank Case and William
Kelly Secure Their
Freedom.
Mystery Surrounds Manner
in Which Escapes Se
cured Tools.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Dec. 28.
With a possibility of a life in prison in
mind Frank Case, who was awaiting trial
on a charge of robbery, sawed hie way out
of the Alameda County Jail and escaped
to-day. With him went William Kelly,
who was being held pending trial for
burglary. The disappearance of the two
prisoners was not noted by the jailers un
til late this afternoon. As soon as. their
absence was observed Chief Jailer Louis
Schoenau and Deputy George Taylor sum
moned Sheriff- Oscar Rogers and the trio
went. about to Investigate. ■/' ,
They found that two half-inch iron
bars across the top of the south or Grand
Jury corridor had been cut in half and
removed. Through the aperture Case and
Kelly had easily climbed, reaching the
•roof. Then they pulled away a couple
of shingles and were outside the jail.
Tracing the tugitives down the outside
of the jail corriuor by way of tall vent
pipes the Sheriff and his deputies followed
the trail through th<i jail yard to the south
wall facing Fourth street, near Washing
ton. On tiie outside was stretched a long
ladder-like contrivance made of broken
mop handles and strips of cloth. It huns;
over the edge of the wall, dangling by ah
iron hook made from a section of a stove
poker. - \.
. This explained the way the men got
away, but the puzzle to the jailers is.
Where did the implements come from that
the prisoners used to cut the bars?
Escaped in Daylight.
The escape was accomplished, according
to the Sheriff's theory, between 7 and J)
o'clock this morning. Case occupied a
cell with Charles Merrill, who was jointly
charged with his cellmate with the rob
bery of a Chinese laundryman on Eighth
street bridge in October. Kelly had a cell
near that of Case.
The cells open on the corridor, which is
barred overhead. The bars are the only
obstacle to easy access to the jail roof.
Where Case got the saws and when he
cut the two bars is a mystery. It is sus
pected he did the cutting yesterday af
ternoon while Christmas services were
being held on the main jail floor. The
singing would have drowned the noise of
the saw on the iron.
When Case and Kelly were released
from their cells this morning at 7 o r clock.
thinks the Sheriff, they quickly removed
the bars which only needed a tap to free
them. Then they climbed through and
replaced the broken plecfes with dummy
bars of wood. Only by testing each over
head bar was the change discovered. As
quickly as the deceptive blocks were
found the way of departure was exposed.
The men took desperate chances for it
must have been daylight when they
crawled through the jail roof, scrambled
down the vents for thirty feet to the
> ard and then clambered over a flfteen
foot .wall.
"Case is a desperate man," said Sheriff
Rogers to-night. "He has served one
term for robbery and if convicted on the
pending charge v.'as in danger of suffering
life imprisonment. I am satisfied that
only Case and Kelly were in the plot, be
cause Merrill, Case's cellmate, could have
gone, just as well as not. He knew some
thing was going on. but he said to-day
after we found the men had fled that he
did not want t<} escape. ......
Second Jail delivery.
"The job was a good one, and the es
cape was clean enough. It was made In
precisely the same way that lour men got
out during Sheriff White's administration.
I am conducting as close an investiga
tion as possible. We have no idea now
where the saws came from. All of our
efforts are at present centered upon re
capture of the men."
The jailers have not found any of
the tools that were used to cut the bars.
The pieces of iron that were removed
were left behind. The Sheriff is con
gratulating himself that there was not a
general jail delivery. He said it would
have 'been easy for all of the twenty-six
occupants of the corridor cells to have
made thfilr way but had they known what
Case and Kelly had In hand. The Sheriff
has wired descriptions of the escaped
prisoners throughout the bay counties.
Kelly is 27 years old, and was working
at the 'racetrack when ho was arrested
on a charge of stealing saddles and blan
kets from stables there. He had been in
Jail since November 11. Case had been
confined since October 2G. He Is about SO
years old.
TELEGRAPH NEWS.
MADRID, Dec. 2fi. — The Order of the Golden
Fleece has been bestowed upon Grand Duke
Michael Alexandrovitch of Russia.
ROME, Dec. 26. — The River Arno has over
flowed its banks and tho waters have causeu
considerable damage at Florence and at Pisa.
MANILA, Dec. 26. — It was publicly an
nounced to-day that the ratio for the first quar^
ter of 1002 will be ?2 10 Mexican silver to pne
American gold dollar.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Dec 20. — A special from
Hattlesburg. Miss., says the town was prac
tically destroyed by flre to-day. Loss, about
$100,000; probably one-third Insured. '
GUTHRIE, O. T., Dec. 26.— Simon Owens,
aged 102, was burned to a crisp in his cabin
in this city to-day. He was born a slave on
General Andrew Jackson's plantation.
ROME, Dec. 20. — A tornado swept over
Naples to-day, causing considerable damage.
A woman was killed and thirty-six persons
were injured. Many buildings were demolished.
FLUSHING, Mich., Dec. 26. — The Colby
House in New Lothrop was destroyed by flie
to-day and John McCartney, a farmer who
was spending the night in the hotel, was cre»
mated.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26. — Three men were killed
and four injured by the falling of a steel crane
at the American Bridge Works this afternoon.
The killed were: John Swan, John Traver and
Albert Rock.
MADRID, Dec. 26. — The Chamber of Depu
ties adjourned without having adopted the bill
for the payment of the customs duties on grain,
coal oil, petroleum,- dried fish and other speci
fied products in gold.
BUFFALO, N. Y.. Dec. 26.-— Mayor Dlehl
formally removed City Treasury Philip Gerst
to-d*y after concluding the Investigation of
the charges of misconduct and misappropriat
ing funos of the city.
CHICAGO, Dec. 26.— Fire to-night destroyed
tho grain elevator of A. F. Mueller at Fifty
flfth street and the Pittsburg, Fort Wayne and
Chicago Railroad tracks. The loss on machin
ery and grain is $200,000.
NEW YORK, Dec. 20. — A new record price
for a reat on the New York Stock Kseliange
was established to-day by a sale at $80,000.
Last Saturday a seat sold for $75,000, which
was the record up to that time.'
DETROIT, Dec. 26.— Dr, Howard Longyear.
one of the surgeons attending General Jl. A.
Alger, said to-night that the critical period in
the general's illness had passed and that his
recovery was practically certain.
LANSING. Mich.. Dec. 26.— Mrs. Eugene
Mills and her daughter Hulda of Okemos, were
struck and killed by the westbound Grand
Trunk express while-driving across the railroad
track near the Agricultural College to-day.
WASHINGTON. Dec. ' 26.— The monthly
statement of the collections of Internal rev
enue shows that the total collections for No
vember, lftOl. were $23,178,051, a decrease an
compared with November, JOVO, of $2, lii.VWO.
PUEBLO. Colo., Dec 26.— Judge Coulter, in
the County Court, to-day decided that Mrs.
Delia J. Hobson, widow of the late George
H. Hobson, and Mr. . Hobson's posthumous
daughter, Georgia, were entitled to the $250,000
estate.
TOKOH AMA. Dec. 26.— The Cabinet differ
ences have been . arranged, owing largely, • it
is understood, • to the telegraphic intervention
of the Marquis Jto. It is believed that the
Government's, financial programme will pass
the Diet. '
BRIDGEWATER. X. S., Dec. 26 — Four
boy* who went skating: on La Havre River
yesterday broke through the Ice and were
drowned. They were Jerry and Mervtll Rh»
denhauser. brothers. 14 and 12 years old; Curry
Hubley, aged 12, and George Bachman, aged 10,
"WASHINGTON, "-"Dee. 20.— Assistant Secre
tary Darling has received a dispatch from
Commander Seatqn Sehroeder, naval Governor
of Guam. acknowledging the receipt of official
notice of the death of President McKinley. and
enclosing a letter of condolence signed by the
leading citizens of Guam. .
FILCHER PREPARES TO RAISE CORN
HAVING STALKS HIGH AS HOUSE TOPS
By Using Seed Brought From the Olden Land of the Incas
the Way Is Thrown Open to Californfa People for the
Accomplishment of a Series of Very Striking .Results
SOME OF THE VERY QUEER THINGS THAT MAY HAPPEN WHEN THE SKY CLIMBING BLADES FROM
SOUTH AMERICA GET A FIRM GRIP UPON THE FRUITFUL SOIL AND STIMULATING ATMOSPHERE OF
THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
SENATOR J. A. FILCHER, secre
tary of the State Board of Trade,
is prepared to introduce to the
farmers of California, corn that is
guaranteed to grow as high as an
ordinary building. In Peru, from which
country, via the Buffalo Exposition, came
the seed, this cereal has the record of.
reaching an altitude of twenty-eight feet.
Senator Filcher is satisfied that the cli
mate of California has latent possibilities
that will surprise the agriculturists who
Dying in a Foreign Land.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 26.— Mrs. Joel
A. Flthian is dying in Paris, France.
Such Is the news told In a cablegram re
ceived here to-day by Joel R. Fithian.
The message, which was sent by Flthlan's
brother, R. Barrett Fithian, states that
their mother Is suffering from a clot on
the brain and there is no hope for recov
ery, as the malady will develop into
paralvsis of the brain. Mrs. Fithian, with
her son Barrett, left this city a few weeks
ago in the very best of health. Mrs.
Fithian Is wealthy and prominent In so
cial affairs, both in this city and in Paris.
The family have large real estate holdings
In this city. ____^__
01 Interest to People of the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Dec. 26.— Postmasters
appointed. Washington—Gertrude Me-
Cllntock, Burton, King County, vice
Miles F. Hatch, removed.'-
These pensions were granted: Califor
nia—Original : James C. Crawford, Vet
erans' Home, Napa, ?12: Jacob Bartman,
French Camp. .?«. War vriih Spain:
George W. Thompson, Santa .Clara, $12.
Increase: Hiram J. . Gruwell.M Elslnore,
$S* Harvey A. Bonham; Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles,' *1Q;. David, B,rown, Los An-
Ore'gon— Increase: ". Daniel "\W. Collis,
Soldiers' Home.' Rose.burgY $12; Joseph
L. Aldrich. Newberg, . $2 , /,, r
Washington— Original:-«E}sy Pickering,
Clear Lake. $8. Increase.: ; ; EH, J. Altizer,
Monroe. $10. - !
Accidental Tragedy XTnnefves Him.
BAKERSFIELD, Dec. 26.— J. W. Gil
bert the man who accidentally shot and
killed hla friend. J. , W^Laeey ' | at Wasco,
came into Bakersfleld Tuesday night in a
state of complete prostration. He was. at
first taken to the County . Hospital, but
subsequently went to a hotel, where he is
now under medical treatment. Lacey was
at the target where the, men were prac
ticing with their guns. Just, as Gilbert
fired Lacey leaned over to sec the effect of
a former shot. The bullet went through
the head. - : -. ,
E Old Prospector Found Bead.
REDDING, ' Dec. 26.— Frank
ham, a pioneer, who mined and prospected
here since 1849," without acquiring a for
tune, was found dead this morning. The
body was in an outbuilding and tho hands
and face were burned. Evidently he re
ceived the injuries while trying to save
the effects in his cabin from destruction
by fire. .
•$•■ — ■ : v
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
the very latest color process.
Eight pages in ■ beautiful col-
ors that are pleasing to the eye.
dwell in the vicinity of the Andes.
There Is an old verse that Senator
Filcher hummed yesterday as he made the
first plantation of Peruvian corn In Cali
fornia. The conclusion of the rhymes de
scribing the gigantic size and extraordin
ary uses to which South American corn
can be devoted was as follows: "The
stalks we use for our house logs; the ears
we use for lumber." Senator Filcher de
nied, blushingly, that he is the author of
the bucolic poem from which this. Is an
extract, but intimated that there would
Steam. lighters for Manila.
NEW YORK. Dec. 26.— Within two
weeks there will sail from this port for
Manila a steamship owned by the Philip
pine Transportation and . Construction
Company of New York, which will carry
the first installment of American steam
lighters withwhich it is proposed to revo
lutionize tho conditions of commerce in
the Philippine Islands. The company has
built nineteen of these lighters. Lighter
age charges at Manila are now about
54 50 (Mexican) per hundred tons. With
the new lighters the company, promises
to. reduce the charges to 17 cents (Mexi
can). The company will establish a huge
monthly steamer from New York to Ma
nila, beginning next month.
Oil Fields Will Be Sold.
SANTA BARBARA, Dec. 26.— S. "W.
Knapp, a prominent oil jnan of Summer
land, returned to-day from New York,
where he spent the past five months
swinging a gigantic deal for the sale of
the Summerland oil field. ■ Knapp will re
turn to New York in a few days, when
the transfer will be completed. The prop
erty is beinff bought by a large New York
syndicate.
Troops Coming to This City.
LOS ANGELES, Dec. 26.— The Santa Fe
announced to-day that two special trains
bearing soldiers en route to .the Philip
pines left Albuquerque this morning and
will pass through Los Angeles some time
to-morrow. 1 - The specials carry 500 offi
cers and men and are due in San Fran
cisco Saturday. , \
Italy and Bussia Sign a Treaty.
ROME, Dec. 26.— The draft of a treaty
of ■ commerce between Italy and Russia
has been signed at St. Petersburg- It will
require ratification by the Italian Cham
ber of Deputies. •
Maso Gives Up the Campaign.
HAVANA, Dec, 26.— General Bartolome
Maso, candidate of the Democratic party
for the Presidency of Cuba, left here this
morning for his home at Manzanillo. He
has given up the campaign.' . .
Killed by an Electric Car.
RIVERSIDE. Dec. 26.— E. B. Richard
son, an old and well-known citizen of
Riverside, was killed- last evening by an
electric car. He attempted to pass in
front of it. . .
Licensed' to Harry.
OAKLAND. Dec. 26.— Licenses to marry
were Issued to-day to Edmund C. - San
ford, aged 42, Worcester, Mass.. and Flor
ence Bartling. 41, Oakland; Fred D. Ames
25, Omaha, and Nona G. Hyde. 20, Oak
land; Tom E. Dlckson, 28, San Francisco,
and Catherine Gleson, 23. Oakland: James
L. Ames, 21, Napa, and Grace E. Dobbins,
IS, Berkeley.
be corn that is corn to look at In Califor
nia after awhile.
The first plantation in this State ia In a
shallow tin dish in the west window of
the ferry building on the third floor. Some
kernels, as large as lima beans, were
placed in water, and in an hour or two
they had burst open and shoots were vis
ible.
"Ha," said the Senator, "we'll show
them what California can do."
Later in the day he explained that h»
now wishes to have skilled corn growers
of this State who have land suitable for
the best results to try the seed, which
he will furnish to them free, and produce
record-breaking stalks that will do to
show at the coming exposition at St.
Louis. He Is satisfied that California can
beat the world with the Peruvian seed.
His-estimate ia that thirty feet is a possi
ble height of the stalk.
This Is as high as the tops of most resi
dences in the city. To pick such com
would take a fire extension ladder, but
Senator Filcher faces such consequences,
and all other queer happenings that may
result, with the equanimity of a philoso
pher or scientist, who cannot be diverted
from his ultimate aim by trifles. Any
farmer who wishes to grow corn taller
than his fruit trees will apply to Sen
ator Filcher for a limited supply of Peru
vian seed.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. ;• f;
/ffle/KniJood
Is the baby happy and
contented ? If not, send
for a sample of Mellin's
Food. :/ ;;;
SEND A POSTAL FOR A FREE SAMPLE 09
MELLUT'S FOOD.
Mellin's. Food Co., Boston, Mass.
THE BEST POLICY
, • BY :r<\..
THE BEST COMPANY.
THE PACIFIC MUTUAL LIFE -IN'SUR.
ANCE COMPANY OF CALIFORNIA an-
nounces that on and after January I. 1002 it
w(ll be prepared to contract with agents "fo?
the representation of its
INTERMEDIATE DEPARTMENT
throughout the United States.
Its new policies are the best and most liberal.
Unlimited territory and the best contracts.
Address T. L. MILLER, Assistant Secretary
Room 2. Pacific Mutual Buildlny.
San Francisco. Calif.
§DR. MEYERS & CO.
SPECIALISTS FOR MEN.
Established 1S8L Con-
sultation and private book
free at office or by mall.
Cures guaranteed.
731 MARKET ST.
SAN FRANCISCO. CAli.
910
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BCSnCESS OFFICE of The 8aa FraacUco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
cntll 12 o'clock every night in th» year. -
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montrotaery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:80 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:80 p. m.
<39 McAllister street; op> n until 9:30 p. m.
?■*,' Larkln street: open until 0:30 p. m.
1841 Mission street; cpen until 10 p. m.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
cntil 9 r. m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p.m.
1006 Valencia Gtreet: open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets: open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmore gtreet: open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Co7nrnXn7ery~yo. jj K.Z+2
T., No. 8 Post Et. — Regular assem- T&p
bly THIS CKKII>AY) EVENING. All (fS
fraters cordially invited. By order of W
tLc Commander.
HIRAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
OPHIR Lodge No. 17L I. O. O. F. -*_*?«■__
— Initiation THIS (FRIDAY)
EVENING. ViFitins brothers cor-
filally Invited. ' Wl^
J. R. MORRISON". R. S.
6AN FRANCISCO Tent No. 18. K- iji
O. T. M— Review VHIS (FRIDAY) /fjj£&\
rVEXIXG at S o'clock. Pioneer aWSSfja
Hall, It Fourth st. %«a5>e*
H, H. CASTLE. \gSgr
Record Keeper. •■
BTABLEMEN'S Union No. S760 — Notice is
hereby riven that a special meeting will be
held FRIDAY EVE.. Dec. 27. 190L at 117
Turk 6t.. for the purpose of electing new
officers.
NOTICE to stockholders of Honolulu Planta-
tion Company— Notice Is hereby given that in
pursuance of a resolution of the Board of
Directors of tlie Honolulu Plantation Com-
pany, duly adopted at a meeting of sail
board held on the 20th day of November, A.
D. 19CL a special meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the Honolulu Plantation Company will
be held en MONDAY, the 27th day of Janu-
ery, A. D. 1902, at the hour of 11 o'clock
a. m. of Uiat day. at the office of the corpo-
ration, No. S27 Market St.. in the city and
county of San Francisco. State of California,
the came being tlie principal place of busi-
ness and the office of eaid corporation, and
the buildine where the Board of Directors
urually meet, for the purpose of considering
end acting: upon a proposition to create a
bonded Indebtedness of Paid corporation to
the amount of one million two hundred and
fifty thousand (1.250,000) dollars, to the end
end for the purpose of providing means and
raising moneys to pay the existing indebted-
ness of said corporation and the indebtedness
Incurred and to be incurred in the develop-
ment of its properties and the construction
tnd coniDletion of its works and improve-
ments, the purchase of machinery and the
Requisition of such other property as may
\ r within tlie purposes and objects of said
corporation. Dated San F*rancjsco. November
W. 19C1. H. Wf THOMAS.
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
ANNUAL MEETING SPRING VALLEY
WATER WORKS — The annual meeting of the
stockholders of the Spring Valley Water
Works will be held at the office of the com-
pany 128 Stockton St.. San Francisco, Cal.,
fit 12 o'clock ra. on WEDNESDAY, the 8th
day of January, 1902. to elect trustees to
serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of such other business as may be
brought before the meeting. San Francisco,
December 26. 1!K»1.
PELHAM W. AMES, Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from Jerry Buckley and A. H. Soper,
in the Gray Lizard mine. In Butte County,
near Rackerby. to deposit tailings in Swedes
Flat Creek; from Joseph D. Countryman, in
the Tannery mine, at Oregon Hill. Yuba
County, to deposit tailings in Oregon Creek;
nnd from Manuel Fernandez. In the Inde-
pendence mine, at New York Flat. Yuba
Ccunty. to deposit ta!!!ncs behind the dam
of the Nevada Mining Company, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59.
Flood building. San Francisco. Cal.. on Jan.
uary 6. 1MK» at 1:30 d. m.
-j :
TEE annual meeting of the stockholders of The
TCevada National Bank of San Francisco.
•"_„ will be held at its banking-house, 801
Mor.teomery et.. San Francisco. Cal., on
TUESDAY. January 14. 1902. at 3:15 o'clock
T- m.. for the election of directors to serve
fcr the enruinjr year and the transaction of
f-uch ether busln»*s «f may come before the
mer-tir.g. GEORGE GRANT. Secretary.
Fan Francisco. December 13. 1901.
CHEAPKST and best In America— The Weekly
CUl. 1C lasres, sent to any address In the
Vr.ited States cr Canada one year for ?1.
Tv-retagp paid.
.WE XTS I WANTED.
TWO men wanted to canvass something new.
1OC7 Market st.. room 1.
ASPHALTOI ROOFING. (
CITY A EPH A LTUM CO^. 632 Market St.— Roof s.
sidewalks, floors: cheap rates. Tel. Red 2332.
ASTItOI/OGY. t
HOROSCOPE written out, prospects, qualifica-
tion, undertakings, difficulties a\-oided, your
lucky days, successful ventures, by mall If
ci°.-lred. RAYMOND. 3OT Market St.. room 4.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW ,
ADVICE free: divorces a specialty; quick, quiet;
no chp.nre without success; established 16 yrs.
Open eveninps by appointment ;phoneJohn3181.
G. W. HOWE. iiZO Market 1st., cor. Stockton
ADVICE free; divorces private: bankruptcy; col-
lections: attachments: mortgages :bll!s of sale:
partnerships: fiePds;will8 drawn;fees low; open.
eve's. THUUSTOX. IGOS14 Mkt., r. 4. cpp.Sth.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
V.'. DAVIDSON. 1)27 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 027 Mar-
trt «t.; oopgultatton free: no iees in advance.
BICYCLES For Sale or K-dinsRe. {
NEW bicycles for children, men and women;
I&rsrest assortm~r.t on the Pacific Coast.
BAKER & HAMILTON. Pine and Market ets.
ALLKX can lill your every want in the bicycle
line. Colombia. Hartford. Vedette, Eureka
an.l pfcnnd-harni bieyclec. T-dl Larkin *t.
UOOICS — NEW AND OLD.
FOR astrological, occult, metaphysical books
go to 142!) Market Ft.. S. F.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A — $400: SALOON on water front: rent $20:
good paying business; Investigate at once; a
rare chance. Inquire B. G. WILKE, SG'-i
?{<arrsy st.
A — «"IGAR stand: fixtures, lease, good will for
SUM); stock at invoice; location can't be beat.
Tall H. G. WILKE. 2CVo Kearny Et.
A— $20C0; SALOON, fbout 20 feet from Qill
buiidiug; rer.t ?125; )<jng lease; rarest chance
in tho market. Call R. G. WILKE, 20V4
Kc-arny St.
A— J1000; PARTNER wanted in pork and deli-
catessen store close tc Market st. : good busi-
ness: or.ly hon<?yt party need apply. CallR.
G. WILKE. 2C'i K*>arny st.
A— $1000: CORKER grocery and bar on Taylor
et.: rent ?^5; place established many years
and doing a good business; value in sight.
fall R. G. WILKE, 2C>i Kcarny ft.
A— $f.00; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; es^
tabllshed years: first-class paying; located
closest? Chronicle building: bargain; call
soon. r». g. WILKE. 2CJ/i Kearny st.
A— S.'00; RESTAURANT on Ellis st. doing a
rushing and good paying business; rent only
S35; place easily clears $100 per month. R. G
WILKE. 2*>'i Kearny et.
A— $1000: COKNER raloon on Sixth ft.; rent
$C0 -net: good paying business; no better lo-
cation on Sixth st. Call R. G. WILKE. 26*4
Kearny et.
1*000— 0G-ROOM lodging-house: all newly fur-
nished; eituated en every busy corner; 10 bay
window; reason, owner is sick: we have also
fiO others; see us before you buy. MILES &
CO.. 027 Market St.. room 208.
fl 000— GROCERY and bar in Mission; good
bur.: pstsb. 20 yrt. Miles & Co.. 927 Mkt.
fr/v.i_SALOON.w!th 3 rms. and cellar; money- !
maker. MILES & CO.. 827 Market St., r. 208. j
CIVERY stable in Alameda; most complete and '
fully cquiYped barn in the State; owner go'^ng
East: pays from $200 to $500 per month:
boarders ar.d funeral trad* can be fully In-
vestigated. See HAMMOXD & HAMMOND,
2326 £anta Clara av«.. AlamPda.
HEALY & HENDERSON, phone James 2771.
6 Kddy ft., rooms 18 and 19.
Hotels, restaurants, lodging-houses, grocery I
Mores, cigar stores, ranches, oil lands, leases.
Money to lo«n on any of the above.
roil _]e — At a greai bargain, a restaurant
and oyster house in pood location; must b*
wild by 24th. MeBRIDE &. CO.. 763 Market
■ St.. room 2.
127.1 — I3AREER shop. 4 chalrF. old stand, near
KXarfcet, on Sixth yt:~. ?2*0. lodgingthouse. a
bargain." 30 rooms; cigar stand. f.VW. $000-
drug store. ?2000. . DECKER. 921 Market st.
*— $200; DELICACY store: good trade; Sixth
st.: 2 rooms; rent $15. STRAND & CO.. 209
Hearty Ft.
JOOD paying restaurant; whole or half Inter-
on for sale. DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
650 Market et. ■' .
mfio_ BAKERY business: estcb. year*; good
wnpon and counter trade; fine opportunity- for
baker. Cal. Bus.iness Assn.. S65*4 Market.
B7.". -DELICATESSEN and candy store; 4 liv-
ing rooms, yard; fine location; call to-day.
2CJS Mission Et.
ron ££.1e — A good planing mill In a lumber
yard; located in a growing town. Address
P. O. box 459. Healasbure. Cal
v — FOR cigar stands that actually make money
>ee C. L. HEDGES. 461-462 Parrott bldg.
IROCERT; well established; sales per year,
S20.COO; price {2000 cash. Box 3001, Call, j
BUSINESS CHAKCES— Continued.
A SACRIFICE — Established 6 years; furnlsh-
.. Ing goods store and shirt factory; 2 living
rooms adjoining; rent $20. 10 Eighth st.
ROUTE for tale— A route on thU paper. Ap-
ply to W. L. GARNER. 124 Myrtl* «t..
Santa Crur, Cal. -
$160 — BLACKSMITH shop for sale. 205 Eighth
street. ■
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. gOO Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
nubecrlptlons has been established at 1036
Valencia rt. .._
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
1S-ROOM HOUSE; RENT ONLY $50
Price Only $650 — Payments
Apply to H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market Et.
36 ROOMS; 2 entrances; cleans $200 $2200
10 rooms; downtown; clears $80 700
24 rooms; near Powell and Geary 2100
18 rooms; sunny corner 1000
22 rooms; transient; clears $150 1250
23 rooms; clears $100 950
100 rooms; clears $400 6000
60 rooms; clears $350 ' 3600
10 rooms; on Eddy st 750
..MONEY TO LOAN AT LOWEST RATE..
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; phone Mint ?»6.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
62 r. ; low rent; best house In city; never
changed hands; income $600: Investigate.
63 r. ; total expenses $175; apartments... $3250
36 r.; rent $140; first-class room, house.. 3250
33 r.; rent $150; part offices; good house. 1800
17 r.; rent $45; cor.; oak fur.; clears $100 S50
11 r. ; Jones reeldence; nice home 600
7 r. : rent $45; modern flat: reduced.... 375
18 r.; nice res.; good loc.; fur., car., red. 1350
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market st 1026 Market Et.
(Photograph Gallery Entrance.)
18 rooms; rent $60; part cash $1250
18 rooms; Geary st. : ex. for clear pr'pty
22 rooms; rent $52; N. of Market; only.. 650
27 rooms; best corner In city; rent $100. 2500
46 rooms; cor.; rent $115; Investigate... 2850
A — Near the Call Building.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. s-ms. 1-2.
Money to loan on lodg-
houses or on real estate.
Big free list of lodging-houses at my office.
I All for sale on my Installment plan.
A NOTICE — Before buying a house call on
A. H. RETSLOFP.
CTel. John 631.) 006 Market St.. cor. Ellis.
Largest List Lowest price Best terms.
A — NOTICE: — We have rooming-houses, all
size? and prices, in all parts of the city; get
our list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Markt.
McBRIDE & CO.. 765 Market st. — We have C5
lodging-houses on list, many cheap and good.
Before buying investigate our list.
25-ROOM house north of Market; must be sold
at once; no agents. Box 3044, Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent" to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
SPIRITUALISM.
A — C. V. MILLER, world's famous materializ-
ing medium; spirits speak face to face; seance
Tues., Fri.. Sun.. S p. m.: 50c. 1084 Bush st.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium:
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
BROCKWAY. 1052 Ellis, bet. Franklin and
Gough; phone Larkin 10S6 — Seances Sun.,
Tues., Thurs., 8:15 pm. : 25c: readings, 10 to 5.
A — PROF. GEE. 108 Sixth St.; satisfactory
readings. 50c, $1; circle every night, 10c.
ETHEL CRINDLE: materializing seance Fri-
day eve., 50c. 325 EUIs; spirit photos dally.
MRS. HARLAND'S test meeting to-night; also
Sun.; best tests; 10c; readings dally. 132 6th.
MOTHER SADIE materializing seance to-day.
12 o'clock; 50c. 10S4 Bush st.
K. Heussmann permanently located 1774 15th,
nr. Guerrero; clr. Sun. eve.. 25c: sit. daily.
PROF. PRICE. M. O.. lecturer and life-reader;
palmistry, astrology: new system. 137 Hyde.
MME. THYES, all receive tests; Sun., Tues..
Thurs.. S p. m.. 10c; prlv. read. 093 Market.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ONE DOLLAR 1 . . .71771777. .TTONE DOLLAR!
CLAIRVOYANT— PALMIST.
SIR HENRY PRICHARD.
Direct from Hotel Cecil. London.
Have a psychic or palmistry reading and
know thy future and prospects for 1902.
$1.00! $1.00!. $1.00! $1.00!
His Regular $5.00 Reading Reduced to
ONE DOLLAR ONE DOLLAR
FOR SEVEN DAYS ONLY.
Advice on business, speculation, all love and
domestic troubles, eettles lovers' quarrels.' re-
unites the separated, tells whom you will mar-
ry, how to WIN the man or woman you love,
how to overcome all enemies; gives full secret
how to control or Influence any one you love
or meet: no charge unless you find him superior
to all others. Hours. 10 to 7 daily; 10 to 5
Sundays.
Reception rooms. 13. 14. first floor.
1104— MARKET STREET— 1104.
Corner Turk, nearly opposite Zinkand's.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clalrvoj-ant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays e\ ents to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up: satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium. Is Dermaner.tly located at 1200 Mar-
ket St.. cor. Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail: send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dallv and Sunday.
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT. '
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk St.: readings by mall.
THIS NOTICE AND 10 CENTS.
Just what you want to know; choice of three
expert palmists and clairvoyants; no matter
whom you have been to we convince all. 007
Kcarny st., parlors 1. 2, 3.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
Ft-cret: Ehows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody;
open Sundays: hours. 10 to 8 p. m. 215% 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, horn with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses diseases with life reading;ladies 50c,
g?nts$I: palm, and clair. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian Glnsy.clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
porlte Sixth: private readings dally. 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
A— MISS m7~WILLE, 32GA Ellis; clairvoyant,
crystal s^er; reads your life correctly without
ques.; full names, !>0c-$l; 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
BROOKS. 1206 Market— Suite 34 and 35: won-
derful clairvoyant and trance medium; read-
ings $1 & ?2: readings by mail: satlsfac. guar.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c: from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., near 4th.
50c and SI— PROF. WELLKR, clairvoyant; sci-
entific palmist; card reader. 1007^4 Market.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; la-
dies 25c: gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth.
MRS. MALLORY. 917 Howard, clairvoyant and
spirit card reader: consult me; L. 25c; G. 50c.
MRS. MARY ANNTR JOHNSON, business me-
dlum. price $1. 519'4 Leavenworth nt.. S. F.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
h:is rprrnvod from 222 Eddy to 407 O'Farrell.
MME. RAVENNA reads llfV fluently; business
advice: names erivfn: 25c tip. 5 Fourth et.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — The Weekly Call.
Ifi psrpn. In wrapnor for mstHner: $1 nor year.
CARPET HEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULOING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama, st. : tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3er laying,
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301: 023 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works — Cleaning,
3crenpvated. relaJd. 104 14th st. :tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works: prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison St.: tel. Mission ZKi.
CONKLIN*S Superior Carpet-cleanir.g Works.
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 14th nt.: tel. Mission 74.
chiropodists]
INGROWING toenails, bunions and corns cured
(painless); no knife. Dr. Brown, graduate cn |-
ropodlgt.lndorsed bymed. prof'n. 304 Stockton.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency7~6th
floor, 91C Market st.: advice free. Tel. Bush
194; able body of attorneys.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SE. COR. Steiner and Bush— Pretty modern
cottage, 5 rooms and bath; large yard} rent
reduced. For particulars MADISON &
BURKE. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DJiJtJJSMbKK L"i, ItfOl.
DENTISTS^ ______
X^51£~T?ir~HIGGINi, 027 Market St., Emma
Spreckels bldg. — Painless dentistry at reason,
able prices; pure gold fillings, $1 50; other flll-
. ingi, $1; gold and porcelain crowns, $5 up;
plates, a full set of teeth that look natural
and guaranteed, $5 up. /
Painless extraction. J
I do first-class work only and guarantee It.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
• cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W r . LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 800 Market, cor.
4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg.. extractions done pain-
lessly; teeth without plates our specialty; gold
crowns, $3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50
up; office hours, 9 a. m. to 9 p.m.; Sundays,
9 to 2. J. W. THATCHER, D.D.S., Manager.
A NEW plate^ — The Whalebone— cannot break;
warranted 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings 50c;
plates' $5, full set: all work painless and war-
ranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
FIRST-CLASS dentistry; lst-class prices; lst-
clas3 results. W. C. HARDING. M.D., dentist,
room 24, 14 McAllister Bt. ; painless extraction.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st. — Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full get of teeth, $4; crowns, S3; fillings, 50c.
LOWEST prices In S. F.; painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission. SE. cor. 6th.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L.WALSH.815% Geary. nr.Larkln— Pain-
less ext.. 50c; plates $5 up; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor, Ex-
amlner building: formerly In Murphy bldg.
/DOG SPECIALIST. /
DrT ED VV ARD N?~LEAvi r . canTne "special ls£
late of New York City, has Just located at
806 Jones St.. where he will administer to the
10 to 3; telephone Kate 2085.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School —
Class rates; patterns cut. 1010 Market st.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
SECOND term night school for men, Young
Men's Christian Association, Mason and Ellis
tits.; 15- week courses, beginning January 0;
bookkeeping course $5, electrical course $5,
English course $3, stenographer's course $4;
classes in algebra, Anglo-American history,
architectural drawing, arithmetic, assaying,
bookkeeping, civil government, civil service, !
commercial geography, commercial law. elec-
tricity, elocution, English, free-hand draw-
ing, geometry, German, mechajiical drawing,
vocal music, naval architecture, penmanship,
political science, social economics, steam en-
gineering, stenography and typewriting. Ap-
ply at office for hours and tuition prices. A.
A. MACURDA,. 'Educational Director; H. J.
McCoy, General. Secretary.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion, laboratory , and shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and. night. ■ 24 Poat et., S. F. ;
catalogue free.''. .{'
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market
— $S per month; $50 life scholarship guaran-
tees a complete bus. education; shorthand, .
typing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship.
spelling. Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free. 1
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST.,
S. F. — Thorough courses ; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
A-^ho official reporters of Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
PERFECTION guaranteed to beginners, college
graduate & bookkeepers In account'g; figures.
TARR, expert accountant, 220 Parrott bldg.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkln st.
MERRILL-MILLER College — Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual Instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec, mlning.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide: day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only 560. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st_
ACTING — Hallett School: Mr. Harry Gates,
. eminent- actor, engaged for winter term open-
lng January. Alcazar Theater building.
C. Hoffman, European tenor & voice builder;
Ital. meth.; concert & oratarlo. 1017 Sutter.
VIOLIN, mandolin, guitar. Prof. MERKI. good
teacher, 1003 Mission: Instruments selected.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st. •
LEO Cooper's School of Acting, S14 Geary st. ;
day and even, classes; send for new circular.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman «horthand, typing, bookkep. ; $6 mo.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.'
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St., S. F.;
founded 1863; new SO- page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar.writing,
etc. ; day cr eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
A — JAPANESE Tellable house-c>eanlng cooks
& waiters furnished at short notice. GEO.KI-
NOSHITA. 1233 Pagc.cor.Lyon;tel.Fell 8501.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters 'and house servants. GEO
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 815 Stockton; Main 51SS.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. ' B24 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPIIEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chl-
nese help. 428 Powell. nr.Sutter;tel. Black 5072.
E3IPLOY3IE.\T WAXTED — FEMALE.
COMPETENT young woman with a chUa~dT^
sires situation; capable of managing room-
ing-house, hotel or cooking for men; highest
references. MRS. B. B., 304 Montgomery ave.
WANTED — Position to do light housework and
plain sewing by lady of refinement, with lit-
tle daughter; good home desired more than
wages. Box 3047, Call.
AMERICAN woman, elderly, wishes situation
as housekeeper; good cook and laundress;
kind to children: a home; small wages; ref-
erences. Box 3011, Call office.
YOUNG French girl, cannot speak English,
wishes a situation for general housework.
* Address 304 Montgomery ave.
COMPETENT nurse seeks position; would as-
sist with grown children and sewing; best
city references. Box 3053. Call office. .
GERMAN woman wants to cook for a small
family; best references. Address 162 Je&Mc
Bt.. opposite Palace Hotel.
YOUNG German woman wishes place In coun-
try hotel or lodging-house. Box 3010, Call.
CAPABLE lady wishes situation as house-
keeper in rooming-house or hotel ; city or
. country. M,R3. M,., box 3008. Call office.
BY a well educated lady, a position as reader
and amanuensis to an invalid a few hours
dally or trl-weekly. Box 2185.' Call office.
WINCHESTER' House 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $1 50
to $0 week: convenient and respectable; free
bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . " ■ ' •
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
FIRST-CLASS cpachrhan, single, for private
family: sober: thorough horseman and driver;
fine all around man; undeniable city refer-
ences. M.M.. S32 Mission Et., city.
WANTED— A position as bartender; has had
some experience, or cashier in restaurant or
night clerk In lodging-house; furnish cash se-
curity; work for small wages. 784 Harrison.
GERMAN man about place and take care of
horses and milk; good gardener. L. R., box
J3O45, Call office.
GERMAN, understands bartending and the care
of horses, wishes situation. Box 3122, Call.
YOUNG man, steady, about 27. quick and ac-
curate at figures, desires clerk or office posi-
tion; speaks French and . English fluently;
f alary no object; references. Box 3000, Call.
NEAT young man of good character, 22 years
of age. desires a position In store or ware-
house. Box 3042. Call office.
WANTED by. well educated, energetic and re-
liable young man of 26, Falaried position,
$75; six years' experience In office work;
thorough accountant. Box 3119, Call office.
ELDERLY man -wants situation as collector,
watchman or any place not too heavy work.
Box 2374, Call, Oakland. .. ■
BUTLER- VALET leaving California for the
. East wants to make Journey as attendant to
family or Invalid; city ref. Box 2179, Call.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore it. ,
FINANCIAIi. .^ r .
'COMPANIES promoted. I guaranteed and
. financed, stock taken In payment for serv-
ices; good propositions wanted; gold bonds
furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
. AND INVESTMENT CO., 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.) — We
have' 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
PACIFIC Home Building Co.— New series of
Bhares now open; pays interest and dividends;
. a reliable paying Investment. 39 Nevada Blk.
WANTED— $7000 to build up manufactures of
unlimited market; thorough, good business
proposition; investigate. Bqx 3149, Call.
_ FLATS TO LET. ■
OAK, 1909— Flat to let and furniture for sale;
new; never been used; frescoed ceilings;
marble vestibule; all modern Improvements;
looking out on park; rent $37 50; can be seen
between 11 and 3 o'clock.
NEW upper flat, 6 rooms and finished attic;
tun In every room all day; fine location, view
and grounds. NW.yeor. Portola and Waller
fits., between Pierce and Steiner.
O' FARRELL, 1935 — Modern flat, <$ sunny
rooms; bath, yard and basement; reasonable.
POLK. 630, bet. Turk and Eddy— Modern mid-
dle flat, 6 rooms; rent $37 50; no children.
$16 — FIVE sunny large rooms, upper flat. 127
Page, between Gough and Octavia.
FLATS TO LET- — FURNISHED.
FURNISHED flat of 5 rooms, bath and laun-
dry; rent low. Apply afternoons from 2 until
- 5 o'clock. 79 South Park.
ELEGANT 6-room sunny flat. furnished. 1
year, with reference. Box 3047. Call office.
$25—1517 GOLDEN GATE: middle floor, fur-
< nlshed; 4 rooms, bath; piano; garden. 1 to 4.
FLATS WANTED*
WANTED — A clean, modern flat of 4 or 5 rooms
(furnished preferred); lease or by the month;
responsible party. O. M. ROSENDALE, SOS
California St.. city.
PAPERING room, $3 up; painting reasonable.
Painter. B02 Stanyan St.; phonn Park 15.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE and carpets for sale cheap: near-
ly new. 16 Montgomery ave.. top floor.
I FURNITURE WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market st.; tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets. pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
___ ______
CHRISTMAS present — Danicheff glove order:
factory price guar. : kept in repair. 121 Grant.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A— MR8. M. E. DAY & CO.. Phone Main lb.o
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitresses and Chambermaids
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA
25 waitresses, city and country. $20 and $25;
2 chambermaids, $20; 3 chambermaids to
wait, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cooks, $30 and $25; 18 houseglrls, $20 and
*$25; 2 second girls, $20; woman with a child,
$20. ;
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 33S Geary st.
WANTED — Cook for 4 men, 820; maid and
seamstress, $25; 4 cooks, $23 to $30; house-
work, 3 family, Alameda, $30; 10 hotel and
restaurant waitresses, $20 to $25; 2 chamber-
maids and assist, waiting, $20, country; gov-
erness, H children, $25; 3 second girls, $20 to
$25; nursegirl, $15; cook, private boarding-
house, $30; all kinds of housework, city, Oak-
land and Alameda; call to-day. J..F. CRO- j
SETT & CO.. 334 Sutter St. . j
HAND button-hole makers on white shirts. |
Stanard Shirt Factory, corner Gough and
Grove Eta.
OPERATORS at Lev! btrauss _ Co.'s Overall
Factory, 32% Fremont st. ; no f.xperienco
necessary; good pay, steady work. Apply to
UK. DAVIS.
WANTED— Working girls; tlie S. F. HAIR-
DRESSING COLLEGE teaches you in 3
weeks halrdressing, manicuring, massage;
entire course $5; eve. classes; positions guar-
anteed; more calls for help than we can fill.
College, 233 Geary St., rooms 13-15.
WANTED — Good German or Swedish girl or
middle-aged woman for general housework
in family of two; no wash; easy place and
good home. .105 Grove st.
WANTED — Respectable. Intelligent, unincum-
bered American woman for general work on
a chicken ranch. Address, stating pay ex-
pected, box 3123. Call office.
YOUNG girl or woman; take care of two chil-
dren; wages $10. Call 2216 Steiner St.. be-
tween 10 and 12 a. m.
WANTED — Girls for mounting woolens on
cards. Call third floor. 043 Market st.
WANTED — A good dressmaker for steady
place; also 1 plain sewer. Apply 764 Howard.
A GOOD finisher wanted on custom coats at
200V4 Turk st.
IF mother wants good future for daughter see
Dressmaker, 019 Geary st.
YOUNG girl to assist light housework; can at-
tend night school. 43 Fulton st.
EXPERIENCED sheepskin glovemakers on ma-
chlne. F. G. Conklin & Co.. 413 Sacramen to.
STENOGRA PHER, typewriter: state salary
wanted. Address box 3048. Call office.
REFINED young woman take entire charge
boy ten years; references. Box 3121, Call.
FEMALE collar rubbers wanted at the Electric
Laundry Co.. 837 Folsom st. .
GIRLS wanted — Bookblndery. 036 Clay st.
GIRLS to make paper bags and paper folding
boxes. 10 Fremont st.
GIRL for light housework. 1029 Golden Gate
ave., near Devisadero st.
GIRL for general housework; references. Call
2967 Howard St.. 8 to 12 and after 4.
WANTED — A woman of middle age to assist in
a doctor's office. Address box 7963. Call.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted: $S a week.
People's Restaurant, 631 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED pressers and folders on negli-
gee shirts. LOWENBERG & CO., 27 Jessie.
WANTED — Woman of fair education,' good
business ability; position permanent. Box
300C. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce.2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Et.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
A^MURRAY & ( READY .v^.. Phone ■ Main 6848
..Leading Employment and Labor Agents..
C34-636 Clay st.
Office ouen 7 a. m.
5 laborers, city, $2 day; 2 carpenters, * coun-
try, $70 andfd.; paperhanger. city, $3 day;
butcher slaughterer, $40 and fd, ; stableman:
/ 3-plow teamsters, 7 farm hands'; 5 choremen
and choreboys: furnace man for mine, $65;
5 pruners, Merced Co., long Job, $30 and fd. :
::r> wood choppers, 75c to $2 cord.
• mm \
Foreman for fruit ranch; hotel help; bak-
ery wagon driver: butcher, slaugterer, ranch,
$40 and fd. MURRAY & READY. 034-636
Clay st.
AT W. D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay St.—
Gardener, private place, country, $25; driver
for milk wagon, city references, $40; blaok-
hmilh for dredger, $40; stableman, country
ctable, $35: choreman for ranch, $20; ranch
boy who can ride, $15.
ANDRE'S office, 31C Stockton St.— Man and
wife for a road house, north, $50; married
man for orchard, etc., country, cottage, etc.,
$45 a month; waiter, «40; waiter, plain hotel,
$25; French cook. S60. •
A FIRST-CLASS dry goods and cloak sales-
. man for. a large town in Alaska;. city refer-
ences wanted. Apply M. MARCUSE & CO..
125 Sansome St., Friday and Saturday, 10
to 1 x>. m.
WANTED — An experienced Jewelry salesman for
retail store; must understand order work;
correspondence strictly confidential. Address
box 3052. Call office.
WANTED — A responsible man to manage es-
tablished business; references and , bond re-
quired; good opening for right party. 217
Geary St.. '
WANTED — Unmarried young man as clerk In
loan office; Jeweler or watchmaker preferred;
good salary: state age. present occupation
etc. F. S.. box 3054. Call office.
LARGE boy to work in candy factory; steady
position; wages $5 per week. Call to-day.
9-11. BLUM'S confectionery, corner Polk and
Sutter sts.
WANTED — Reliable man with some cash; take
cash and assist In small restaurant; $30 mo.;
no experience. BROWN, 1221 Market st.
BOY to learn a trade. Apply superintendent
THOMAS DAY CO. factory. 725 Mission st.
GOOD day cook; must be a butcher. Inquire
between 2 and 4 at 135 Powell at.
HELI' W^fiTBIJl— MAI.W— Cow.
PIANO player for country, $30 to $45 and
found; young porter for store, $8 week;
boarding-house cook, $40; restaurant second
cook, $60; waiter for country hotel. $25;
diihwashers and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 623 Sacramento st.
DAIRYMAN and wife, $45; farmers and wives,
$45; 10 laborers for city, $1 75 day and board
where you please; 2 single-hand miners, $2
day and board: 2 young Germans to drive
milk wagons, $25 and $30 and found; gard-
ener, $35 and found; olanerman, $2 50 day;
boy for factory, $5 week; woodchoppers, tie-
makers, grubbers and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
UNION barber wanted Saturday and Sunday,
?5; none but first-class man. 2144 Mission.
BARBER wanted; steady Job. C. J. WALD,
Vallejo. Cal.
BARBER wanted; must be good workman.
2003 Flllmore st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday at
105 Tenth st. .
YOUNG man to do Janitor work and learn
trade at S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
BOYS wanted. Mutual Label Llth. Co.. Sec-
ond and Bryant sts.; apply 2d-st. entrance.
PLUMBER wanted at 642. Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCED boy wanted to feed printing
press. 30C California 6t.
WANTED — Office clerk, young man 18 to -20,
permanent. Call third floor. 643 Market st.
WANTED — Steady elderly man; small chicken
ranch; good home; $10 a month. 227 Second.
BARTENDER wanted at 53 Third st.'
GOOD dishwasher. C28 Fourth st.
STEADY man with $150 cash can make $75
month. Apply 209 Kearny St., room 1.
WANTED — An experienced clothing salesman.
Apply 62 and CU Third st.
FOR sale— 2-chalr barber shdp at sacrifice. 913
Seventh st v near Market. , '
- ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 5G3 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
8. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men 'of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch: able to speak and read English. For
1 further information apply at the Recruiting
Ofiice. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade: barbers in de-
mand; only requires S weeks; tools donated;
catalogue free. MOLER'S BARBER COL-
LEGE. C35 Clay st.
COATMAKER wanted to work in store. 3056
Twenty-fourth st. - ■
GOOD cakebaker wanted at 1205 Polk st. New
Western Bakery.
2-CHAIR barber shop, with cigar stand, for
sale: sickness. 300 Golden Gate ave.
i MCDONALD & PERRY~have COO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
ABLE solicitors can earn J100 per week on our
propositions. A. E. Co.. 1413 Call building.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 20 Steuart st.
600 MEN to buy new and 2d-hand army shoes,
60c up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard st., nr. 5th.
j PENSION atty., E. ' A. Bullis. 3, 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
- to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms;
free 'bus ar.d baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at 1096
Valencia st. m
HORSES ANO WAGONS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sale
Wednesday, Jan. 1, at 11 a. m.. at the Ar-
cade Horse Market. 327 Sixth St. JOHN J.
DOYLE, Auctioneer.
ONE second-hand undertaker's wagon, ona 1-
horse truck, one 12-passenger carriage. CAR-
VILL MFG. CO., 48 Eighth st.
Horse, $20; horse. $25; buggy, $30, single coal or
hay wagon. $40: cart, $7 50. 79 City Hall ave.
FULL line German Government horses always
on hand. JOHN Hr HALTON, 1732 Market.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission >t.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for G cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailing. i\ per year.
HOUSES TO LET.
A^^mN^KOD^iisTihouises^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
HYGIENIC HAIR TREATMENT.
DANDRUFF, all scalp irritations positively
cured, ladies or gentlemen, by medicated
massage treatment: consultation free. MRS.
HARTLAND. Hair Specialist, r. 31). 139 Post.
HYPNOTISM.
HYPNOTISM — The new method of hypnotizing;
I a grand success: the course of lessons explain-
ing this new discovery sent on receipt of 50c.
PROF. W. E. LITCAS. SOI Market St.
LOST AND FOUND.
LOST — Wednesday, a fox terrier; black and
brown marking over each eye; white, body,
with black spot on tail; duplicate license;
last seen in ferry building. Liberal reward
if returned to 1321 Pine st.
LOST — Christinas eve., on Market, Kearny or
Grant ave., or on west-bound Valencia or
Twenty-second cars, lady's gold chain brace-
let; liberal reward. Return .to D24 Guerrero.
LOST — Wednesday, between 24 th st. and fer-
ries, a lady's lace handkerchief. Finder re-
turn J. A. GRAY, 215 Mission st. : reward.
LOST — Lady's open-face gold v.-atch: C. A. M.
on back; full name and date Inside; No. 7046;
liberal reward. R. W. DAVIS, 348 Sutter st.
LOST— A Cleveland bicycle. No. 12.7C2. Re3
turn to 1014 Market st.; reward.
$5 — BROWN and white English setter dog.
Return to B. J. BAUM. 2721 Clay st.
LOST — Red wallet. Sunday, Dec. 22: liberal re-
ward If returned. F. D. TAYLOR. 322 Pine.
LOST— White bull terrier pup. Return to 1016
Franklin st. and receive reward.
I LOST — Black and white cocker spaniel named
Fanny: reward. 620 California st.
LOST— Gold watch set with diamond^, initials
M. R. : fob and locket set with diamonds;
liberal reward. 411 Clayton st.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter st . needs old
gold and stlvpr tr> make n»w wntoh ra«r<><«.
MACHINE WORKS.
ENSIGN Machine Wttrks. 415V4 Sacramento St.!
builds models and experimental machinery;
mine hoists 4. 8. 12 H. P. specialty: repairing.
matrimonial:
GENTLEMEN wishing t<> marry wealthy^
I ladies yenri 10c for list. Mr«. Herrs. 70S KIM*.
BIATTH— SSES A.MJ 1'ILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell
st. ; te__ Bush 421.
MEDICAL. J
DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and In
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief in all
cages taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaints
! treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 101S Market St.. opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate of Royal Univer-
. slty, Berlin, in midwifery cases; takes ladies
before and during confinement; "best of care;
confinement, $15; room and board, $5; infants
adopted; will take two to work at my private
residence, tiO6 Guerrero, nr. ISth: tel. Blue 411.
I MRS. D. WYETH— Reliable ladles' specialist;
I - 30 years' experience; Instant relief guaran-
! teed; home before and during confinement;
: Infants adopted. 410 O'Farrell, near Taylor.
: MRS. KOHL, specialist. 410 O'Farrell st.
; MRS. M. WEGENER. ladles' physician, ha*
returned from the East and resumed businvis;
1 home in confinement. 210 Eddy st. near
I Taylor, formerly of 1312 Golden Gate ave. .
i THE original MRS. DA VIES is still located at
■ 1228 Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 0 to S:30 p. m.
MRS. D. GOODWIN, ladles' physician; 23
years' successful experience in S. F. Ma-
tcrnity Home. 900 Market St.. ' opp. Fourth.
HINDOOHERB and MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home; home
in confinement. 1120 Market St.. & F.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable ladles 1
specialist ; a private home before and during
confinement; best medical care; low fees. •
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St., opposite
Union square; all diseases cured by herbs.
MINES AND 3IISISG.
WANTED — Half grub stake for half Interest Jn
rich prospect In SE. Alaska by two parties
of good references who know country
thoroughly. Box 3118. Call.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR " SALE.
BOILERS^ engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 105-197 Fremont st.
FOR sale— Smithing coal; special prices made
on choice smithing coal in car lots, sacked;
coarse, medium and fine gTade3. Write C.
F. TURNER. Trinidad. Colo.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-258 Spear st.
LOT 2d-hand pipe, all sizes; cheap; also new
lot belting; half price of regular goods. H.
S. WHITE, 016-520 Mission St.
GENT'S black suits for mourners rented for
$2 50. Misfit Clothing Parlors. 23 Stockton
St., upstairs.
STEAM launch Romola; length 30 ft.; beam
6 ft. 4 in.; speed 10 miles. J. W. Henderson,
boathouse near Webster-st. bridge, Oakland.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PAKLORS, 437 Montgomery St.
A VERY fine old violin for sale. New Munici-
pal Loan Office, 617 Washington st.
OLD Schweitzer violin. 1815, worth $250. only
_59O 1 _ Portland Loan Office, 25 Stockton st.
TURQU~6lSE~diamond elirrilig^$225O. Port-
land Loan Office. 25 Stockton st^
20-INCH full dress suit case, leather lined. $5.
Misfit Parlors. 23 Stockton st.
WALLPAPER, 3c a roll; paper hanging, etc.
MERIGAN. 1302 Webster; tel. Jackson 1321.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
BOATS. launches, rowboats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and 2d-hand.
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 396 Mission st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
_J. BURKE, ISO Bcale st.
FAIRBANK'S 10- ton hay scales; Jeweler's steel
_Jlned safe, perfect order. 216 California ,st-
SAFES— New and second-hand! THE~HEr"-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
1ST-CLASS 2d-hand modern engines and boilers
bought, sold. Krosh Mfg. Co.. » Stevenson.
NEW Singer sewing machine: 5 drawers; oak;
complete; cheap. 1015 Mission, cr. Fifteenth.
JEWELRY for sale; diamonds, precious stones
bought. T. Fershtand. 120 Kearny st.. rm. 2».
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
_JACOB SCHWERDT, S21 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
• MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
WILL" pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Address at once, box 1205, Call office.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 "Oth st. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
LA DIBS & gents' good 2d-hand clothing bought
& stld. Silverman. 984 Folsom ;tel.Folsomll91.
BIG prices paid for sealskins; full dress & Tux-
edo suits. Portland Loan Office. 23 Stockton.
31ONEY TO LOAN.
HER_AN~TSu7iKf?7^n3xa^
$4,500,0*00 at lowest rates
on first and second mortgages
Life Interests In estates
PropertY.beine held In trust
Undivided Interests in real estate
..Life insurance policies, estates in probate..
..Financial problems of all sorts and sizes..
If You Need Money
SEE HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner big.
AA — MANHATTAN LOAN CO. (Inc.).
$300,000 at 5Vi & 6 per cent la sums to suit;.
City. Oakland. Town and Country property;
Second mortgages, life insurance and securi-
ties; loans on unsettled estates, undivided In-
terests in real estate and legacies; will pur-
chase above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages..
Undivided interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay....
Get tny terms before doing business elsewhere
." R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, interest In estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 19,
1st floor.Chronlcle bldg. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
A RELIABLE corporation established In 1863;
proper place to borrow money on diamonds.
Jewelry, pianos and sealskins. Columbia Loan
Office. 9 Grant ave.. nr. Mkt.; tel. Black 5471.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages, and on
furniture or pianos without removal; any
amount; lowest rates; open evenings 7 to 8.
BECKER & CO.. 927 Market St.. room 613.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st.; phone Bed 1603.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain'
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out Indorser or on mortgage at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. COO Examiner build! ng.
LOANS on pianos, furniture, no removal, libra-
ries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any amt.; low-
est rates; private. Ormsby. 26 Montgomery st
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick: lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 6S.
ANY amount on country property by private
party at 520 Walsworth ave., Oakland.
3% ON furniture and pianos: $15 up: no re-
moval: open evenings. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos: no removal; no
commls.; confidential. AVhltehead. 1710 Mrkt
ON salaries. N. Y. plan; Indorsed paper dls-
cnunted. TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott bldg.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK. 11C McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $5 a month on each
$1000: any security. 302 Montgomery st. r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome St.
ON SALARIES without indorser: other propo-
sitions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
LOANS money on salary: no indorser: Eastern
plan. Wentorn Loan Co.. "Oft Ph^lun Mdg.
MUSICAL IS i STRUM EXVS.
ALL grades sold by the Heine Piano Co., sole
agents most famous and oldest American
makes; easy payments: big allowance for old
pianos; rents $2 up allowed If purchased: our
new building and hall will be completed be-
fore March 1st; we are now making a spe-
cial reduction for the holidays to clear out
our slightly used goeds: among them are all
the standard makes from $23 up to S350;
open evenings during this sale; agents want-
ed everywhere for the Peerless Heine and
our entire line. HEINE PIANO CO., 217
Geary st.
AT this stage of the holiday business we can
only ask you to call and let us show you
our goods. The prices and quality will con-
vince you that we are giving the very best
pianos for the lowest prices of any reliable
house, and we- guarantee everything we sell
to give satisfaction; pianos as low as $75.
We take cash or payments. . Wlssner. Decker
A Son. Baumelster. Steger and Singer are our
best sellers. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 7C9 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you lhat our piano stock,
both new and second-hand. Is the largest west
of Chicago and includes the most reliable
makers to choose from. New pianos sold upon
easy payments of ?•; per month; some good
pianos for $3. $1 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, corner
Kearny ami Sutt?r sts.. San Francisco; cor-
ner Broadway and Thirteenth sts., Oakland.
SOHMER & CO. Pianos.
BYRON MAUZY Pianos.
LESTER Pianos.
HAMILTON Pianos.
SPIELMANN Pianos.
CECILIA N PIANO PLAYER.
PIPE ORGANS. ,
BYRON MAUZY. 308-310-312 Post st.
ATTENTION. BARGAIN-HUNTERS^ "
Second-hand upright pianos from $55 up.
Second-hand rquare pianos from $30 up
Second-hand organs from $25 up; new i:pright
Tifnnos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ fc
SON, 10 to 20 O'Farrell. Chlckering, iia^on
& Hamlln. Vose. Sterling pianos.
A FULL-SIZED upright p!ano, $S5; six-octave
Mason & Hamlin organ, $.T5; Steinway
square. $100: elegant burl walnut Cameron
upright, used only few months, $275- Bech-
steln baby grand. almr>st new. BOWERS *
_ S 2?l 23 Fifth st; IVERS & POND, Agents!
ANY piano sold by us taken back any^tlmo
within 2 years and full purchase price al
lewed on a new peerless Knabe, at reeuliir
price; ccsts you only 20c a day to buy a nianr.
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrcll
St.: established 1S50. «u*arreii
EXCITING bargains— Three cars new high"
grade pianos stored with us: ordered sold to
realize advances and storage: dirt cheap (in-
stallments): open evenings until 930 Wir
SON'S Storage. 1710 Market st.
THE WILEY B. ALLEn"co.7933 Market st"
,A large shipment of LUDWIG pianos Just ar-
_K^ C nC ~ CHASE * BAKER's^f
PARTY called East Is forced to sacrifice lar*"*
new $500 upright- grand, plan" 543 ! tSpS FS?
MrSTCAI. INSTntMfATi— Com. f\
OT T 'T r'nnon. thf leading makers; nr'e* JSIftO
upward; values best In the city. PIERCE' S
_ii..:.o FAC-tOftX; fiiarKC't, llth <t Church.
$1"5 — A RARE chance; fine upright.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bk.
$125 — SCHLEIP upright, excellent condition.
$»5; Erard upright. Hornung, 216 McAllister.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
ML'LLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
AT KEEFFFS, 22 Turk st. near~Market—
Shoninger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
PACIFIC. 32S— Newly fitted up store; cheap]
also store. 804 Sansome st.. $10.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order: all
sizes: cheap. H. g. WHITE. 816 Mission »t.
PALMISTRY.
G. L. Neergaard, president St. Germain Col-
lege, reads 1 to 4. 700 Post; phone Hyde 2D33.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylor St.. bet. Geary and Post ; tel. Black 561.
MME. ZELLA. palmist and card reader- 25o
and 50c. 783^ Market at; bring this ad.
PARTNERS WANTED. '
WANTED — Lady as partner In dell<-atesseti. —
store or grocery by man who has been la/-
business 10 years. Address box 3012. Call.
PATEATS AND FEXSIOX3.
PENSION advice free: general practitioner.
Geo. D. Campbell, lawyer. Examiner bldg.
1'EHSO.VYLS.
LISTEN! Don't buy over $20 suits; the quality
and workmanship Is high-priced; any suit or
overcoat In house to order $20; no more, no
less; any style. MASTEN, The Tailor. 7M
Geary st., corner Leavenworth.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to order.
$15; with these suits we make an extra pair
of pants free of charge; other suits on install-
ment?. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Market
St., between Seventh and Eighth.
WHY Gu«ss? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Dec. pattern*
and The Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS.
Domestic office. 1021 Market St.. near Sixth.
LISTEN! It's not what you pay for our $3 all.
wool pants; it's what you get for what you
pay They are world-beaters; best valuo on
earth: made to order. MASTEN. The Tailor.
701 Geary St., corner Leavenworth.
FACE massage, complexion beautify Ins; latest
Continental methods: electrlo roleau; super-
fluous hair, moles, etc.. removed by electrto
needle. MME. ZEPHEY. 1258 California st.
ELECTRIC light In every room — Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St.. near Market: 70O rooms;
25c to $1 60 per night; S.1 BO to »6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tha ferry.
ARTISTIC halrdressing. manicuring, shampoo-
ing, etc. at moderate prices in America's
best-appointed parlors. The "BON-TON."
324 Post st. ; switches at bargain prices. ~
FOR sale — Smithing coal; special prices msu3« T
on choice smithing coal in car lota, sacked;
coarse, medium and fino grades. Writs O.
F. TURNER. Trinidad. Colo.
ANTIQUE Jewelry, diamonds, pearls, precious
stones, ' antiques and curios bought. Tha Old
Curiosity Store, 113 Geary st. Nat Raphael.
THE latest and best things in ladles' ready to
wear garments, tailor-made suits, skirts, on
Installments, at C. F. ADAMS CO.. 13ti 5th.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double, $2 23. EASTERN OUTFITTINO
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
Sing Chong & Co. has removed from 115 Stock-
ton to 56S Geary, bet. Taylor & Jones, wher*
can be found fine stock of ladies' underwear.
WRINKLES removed, scientific method. BOc;
halrdressing, 25c: manicuring, 25c: shampoo-
ing, 60c. G. LEDET.ER. 123 Stockton st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with,
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
A — IF your hair is falling or you are bald call on
Dr.G. S.Moore. 332 ©"Fan-ell : send for circular.
A — VIDA Company permanently cures stomach
trouble. 763 Valencia St.. cor. 10th.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 457 Minna st.
GOLD cure for drunkenness; sure remedy;
testimonials. MOOSER CO.. 1125 Geary. S.F.
Mrs. Briggs — Superfluous hair, moles removed
by electric needle. 9C8 Sutter; teLLarkln 3171.
ELECTRIC needle specialist; superfluous hair
& moles destroyed. Mrs. H. Eaton. 427 Sutter.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
Masquerade costumes at H. Anderson's, theatri-
cal cos turner, 26 O'Farrell: country orders. ,
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 B0; dress pants. $2 CO.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
DR. LAMOTTE'S FRENCH CORN PAINT.!
the best corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1: at all druggists.
COO MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEITHAUS A CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny >t.
PLAXI\G AXn TTJRMXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping;
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont.
PHYSICIANS A.VD SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DON3?ELL^6fflce and residence?
1021^3 Market St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; sea
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO, herb doctor: sanitarium.
764-76B Clay St.: m»<» testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR 8A15.
IF you want a home we will buy a lot and
build you a house on monthly payments.
Pacific Home Building Co.. 39 Nevada Block.
FOR sale — Sacrifice; nice flats; Liberty St.}
choice location. Owner, box S050, Call.
2 LOTS, Excelsior Homestead: sell cheap or
trade for rooming house. 313 27th st.
REAL ESTATE-— COUNTRY— For Sale
IMPERIAL SETTLEMENTST
Cheap Homes Safo Investments.
Government Lands at Government Prices.
Irrigated lands in valley of Colorado River.
San Dleso County, on line Southern Pacific
Railroad.
Fertility of soil unsurpassed; water supply
absolutely safe; best winter climate in tho
world ;' wheat. 60 bushls per acre; alfalfa, 9
crops per year; citrus fruits for Thanksgiving
market; other fruits from 2 to 6 weeks ahead
of Los Angeles; water stocks, $20 per acre;
$5 cash, balance on time.
140.000 Acres Placed In Past 18 Months.
Crops planted last July have already paid
for land and water.
For full Information addresa IMPETUAI»
LAND COMPANY. A. Frank Hess, agent.
458 Ninth St.. Oakla nd.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO^
Small tracts. $60 to $00 per acre, on Rancho
Cotatl. Sonoma. Co.; future valua assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California st.. for pam-
phlets and Information.
TO rent— The best 120-acre ranch In Napa Val-
ley; well Improved and fully equipped- $1000
cash: call to-day
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Ag'ent," *« 'Geary.
FOR sale or to rent; 4% acres, rich soil; per-
fectly level; small improvements; near San
Mateo. Inquire 207 Church St.. after 5 p. m.
PROFITABLE orange, lemon, peach A prun^ \1
lands to sell: right lccallty: big money; eaiy
payments. Healy & Henderson. C Eddy st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
i free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
- RUPTURE SAXITARI CM.
R^fr^?««J :ured at HUNTER'S 8ANITA-
RliM. 1206 Market St.; treatment free: only
invention In the world that will not torture.
SPECIAL SUTICE3.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made!
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-10:tel.5530.
KETWiXG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124. 2U5 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
• pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH"s7o7a^e^nT^ilovinT*Co.,
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storase Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion at.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUS3.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Movlnsr Com-
pany. 2320 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
.BfiKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S4O: shipping at cut rates.
AND SUPPLIES.
G RE AT^ARGAiNs"£T TYPEWRIt1eR3— W»
sell better machines for less money than any
bouse in the city; rentals. $X The Typewriter
' ' '---■■■■' .w; Oa^fomia: telephone Mala 268.
\» cuhitK 'lypewriter Inspection Co. — Expert
I typewriter doctors ;e3tlmate free. 200 Saosom*.•jfLiMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATE.
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; H cash. Bank of Alu.
■ BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS'
»«r--r»«. - »--».»^V REAL ESTATE.
?12.50^5~A^RET~oTland iii best~parT~of
Berkeley; y large rooms: fine barn for horses
and carriages: beautiful grounds; fine fruit
orchard in full bearing: property cost present
owner 521,000: must be seen to be appre-
ciated: only 30 days to pell in; can subdi-
vide the property end sell off $18,000 worth
of lots and s=t ill have home left W C
MORAX & CO.
$1300— $300 CASH, balance $20 per month- 5
large rooms: rood as new; some fruit trees-
lot 60x115: 3 blocks to cars; house cost to
build IMOO. W. C. MORAX & CO.
$5000—9 LARGE rooms: good as new; only 1
block of L. C. grounds; $2500 cash, balance
on mortpape; grandest view in Berkelev W
C. MORAX & CO. •'
11200—5200 CASH, balance |13 per month; 5
rooms; barn and chicken-house; fruit trees
and berry vines; lot 100x120: 1 block to cars;
well and pump. W. C. MORAX & CO.
SEE the Wheeler Tract; finest view In Berke-
ley- send for maps; will build you a house
"» 3 s A e » it to you same as rent. W. C.
tT, £ A V» , CO * Lorin £t ation and Schmidt
block. Berkeley.
93-pO—lS the Hillepass Tract: fine 2-rtory
bouse of . rooms and bath; thoroughly mod-
r?v£?lr ected wlth Eas and electric lights;
lot 50x156; street work all done; only 5 min-
utes to the university.
JOSEPH J. MASON,
, Berkeley Station.
ONLY one left; new house of 9 rooms and
bath; combination fixtures; Sunshine water
heater; fine corner lot; street work all done;
2«^£. the Etation and electric cars; price
JOSEPH J. MASON.
■ Berkeley Station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXn REAL. ESTATE.
6. M. DODGE & ioxi
•1160 Broadway, Oakland.
13250— Something extra nice in the way cf a
modern up-to-date, brand new home in Oak-
land out toward Berkeley: lot 50x12^: 7 rooms
«T!<! bnth. Pal! and let us chow you this.
OAKLASD COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY lower flat, S large room?; electric ser-
vice throughout; 2 coal and 1 pas grate; Iarg3
comer lot; ltwn; fruit and shade trees and
flowers; lot elevated; choice locality; will rent
low to satisfactory permanent tenant: Eighth
ave. electric cars, corner Washington and
v .pig-hth sts., come within 1 block. Call or
f-ddress 1C59 Ninth ave.. East Oakland.
OA^KLAyD FUUNITIUE FOR SALE.
An introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
■£ ROOMS FOR HOD8EKEEPIK P.
FIFTH. 353—3 furnished housekeeping. $12; 3
connecting, 2 befis. $15: also single. $3 to $7.
HOWARD, 539 — Two sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms; yard; rent reasonable.
RAL'SCH. 65, near Folsom — 3 cr 4 housekeep-
ing rooms.
TEHAMA, 22 — Two rooms for housekeeping.
THE BELL. 17T3 Market— Front bay-wir.dow
room ajid sunny kitchen; gas range; $15.
THREE or four sunny housekeeping rooms and :
frfrth. Appiy 31ft Mason st.
CLASSIFIED edvertlFements and subscriptions
received at Call branch orfice. 2200 FUlmore.
ROOMS TO LET — Fnrn. and Unfnrn.
AP.GTLE Hotel aaT^IcAKister^NewT elegant.
rsmny; grill attached: 75c day upward; rates
by week tr.cnth: McAllister cars to door, j
/-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms. I
C5c to $1 per night; SI »5 to $5 per week, and
lisht housekeeping rooms: open all eight.
v BL'P.NETT. 1420 Market fold No. 1.5C4)— Fur-
V r.ished rms.. suites, single: nlso unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Maeon— Elegantly
furr.isheij sunr.j" rooms; prices reasona'ol'?.
ELLIS. M21 (Mczart)— Nicely furnished rooms.
S6c. SI M> nJent: *1 IX>. *G wk. ; open ail night. ;
FRANCISCO HOTEL — Elegant suites; tingle;
transient; baths. Mrs. King. Turk & Taylor.
GEARY. 405 <The Navarre)— Elegantly furniEh-
ed suites cr.d tincle: travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 1S27— Unfurnished front connecting
rooms; water, pas, bath, phone; references.
JESSIE, 3CH, near Fifth and Market— Fur '
nished room, $5; large front room. $8.
JCETV ARLINGTON. lCir. Market— Nicely fur-
nished rooms: ?2 a week up; S5c a day up.
O'KARRELL. 20 — Sunr.y furnished rooms and
cf flees: elevator: elec. lights: day, week. mo.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth Bt..
• near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
EUTTER. ."201-i (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to f7: singles, .*2 to $."» per week; transient.
CLASSIFIED p.dvertit-ements and subscriptions
received at Call brar.ch ofnee, 2200 FiU.-nore.
A IJRANCH office for Cail advertisements and
*u Inscriptions has been established at 103H
Valencia st.
11OOMS AM) IlOAltU.
HOTEL Denniston, cor. Valencia and 21st tib—
Jn the "Warm Belt"; free from pn-vaiUns
fcfrs-; choice funny fjits; fii>t c!asy.
THE Irv;ng'ia:e, <2ti Ed.iy— Suite puitablc for
three gentlemen with board, |00; t-ingle rooms
with board, £22 50 up; excellent table.
.^THE Picrpoct. 41S Ellis — Everything new; most
T e'ecar.tiy furnished apartments; first -class
<J:r.5r.E-room.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 727— Nicely furnished
sunny room, with or without board; gas;
btth; private; reasonable.
EDDY, .110— Elegantly furnished sunny room;
beard excellent.
TliO Audubon, 1105 Hyde Ft. — Fine rooms
tinglft or suite; excellent b<.ard.
CALIFORNIA, WI7 (Stevenson Mansion)— Seiect
Jasiily hotel: exceptional table: popular rate*.
VAN NESS, Clf)— Handsome furnished apart- |
ments: conv.; 2 to t frents: best table board.
ICIAUA. BIS Tavlr.r — Nicely furnished puna/
rooms; excellent bjard: terms reasonable.
HOTEL Repcller. 7N1 Sutter — Newly furnished;
excellent table: special rates to tourists.
ROOMS AM> UO.IUI) WA.MKD.
WORKIXGMAN with 3 children, youngest '.»
years, wishes good home with respectable
persons : terms moderate. Box 304'!. Call.
ROOMS WASTED.
FURNISHED room wanted by a single gentle-
man near Kearny st.; state terms. Address
F. P., box 3013, Cull office. i
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage. Depot
Quartermaster's Office, 3tJ New Montgomery-
Et.. San Francisco. Cal., December 27, l'Ml —
Sealed proposals in triplicate will ba received
at this office until 10 o'clock a. m., Friday,
January 10 1002, Pacific Standard time, and
then opened, for furnishing Arctic OvershoeF,
Muskrat Caps and Gauntlet) 1 , Jean Drawers,
W Campaign Hats, Neckties, Knit Wool Draw- j
- Tern and Undershirts, Woolen BtoCkingrs. White
' Muslin Shirts, Scrubbing Crushes, Company.
Post and Regimental Books, Rubber Ponchos
and Eky-blue Kersey. Quantities to be sub-
ject to an increase of 2U per cent if desired
by this Department- Bids will be opened for
the delivery of the same articles at either
the Ean Francisco, Boston, Chicago or Phil-
adelphia depots. To avoid misunderstanding
eg to the exact nature of the articles to be
furnished, bidders will carefully examine th«
standard camples and specifications, bo that
proposals may be submitted by them with a
full knowledge of what will be required. An
absolute compliance with standard and speci-
fications will be insisted upon in the inspec-
tion of the goods. UNGUARANTEED BIDS
AND BIDS UPON SAS1PLES differing from
standard and specifications will under no cir-
cumstances be considered, except in case of
stockings, which are to have shaped heels.
Hide for delivery or inspection at other points
than those named above will not be oon-
sidered Early deliveries are essential. < Bid- ■
ders must state In their proposals the rate j
and time of delivery should contract be |
awarded to them, and no proposition should
be made which they are not positive that
they can absolutely fulfill. The articles ad-
vertised for are the eame for which bids will
be opened at the other depots. Preference
will be given to articles of domestic produc-
tion and manufacture, conditions of price and
quality being equal (including in the price of
foreign production and manufacture the duty
thereon), and such preference will be given to
articles of American production and manufac-
>ture produced on the Pacific Coast, to the ex-
tent of the consumption required by the pub-
lic service there. The United States reserves j
the right to accept or reject any or all pro-
posals or any part thereof. Information and
blacks for proposals will be furnished on ap-
plication. Envelopes containing proposals
will be. Jndorwd ••Proposal* JCo. 1149S," and
addressed to MAJOR C. P. MILLER. Quar-
tcr»aster, U. S. Army. Depot Quartermaster. !
DIVIDEXD XOTICES.
Cj^ r w? RXIA SAF E DEPOSIT AND TRUST
COMPANY, corner California and Montgom-
ery ets.— For the six months ending Decem-
ber 31. 1901. dividends have been declared
; on deposits in the savings department of this
company as follows: On term deoosits at
tne rate of 3 6-10 oer cent per annum, and
en ordinary deposits at the rate of 3 per cent
per annum, free of taxes and payable on and
after Thursday. January 2, 1902. Dividends
uncalled for are added to the principal and
bear the same rate of dividend as the prin-
cipal from and after January 1, . 1902. J.
DAL2ELL BROWN. Manacer. -
SAVINGS AND LOAN SOCIETY, 101 Mont-
gomery Bt.. corner of Sutter— The board of
I directors declared a dividend for the term
ending December 31, 1901, at the rate of
three and one-eighth (3>6) per cent per an-
num on all deposits, free of taxes and pay-
able on and after January 2, 1902. Dividends
not called for are added to and bear the
same rate of dividend as the principal from
and after January 1, 1902. ■
CYRUS W. CARMAJCY. Cashier.
SAN FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION. 532 Cal-
ifcrnia et., corner Webb.— For the half-year
ending with the 31st of December. 1901, a
dividend has been declared at the rate per
annum of three and forty-two 'one hundredth*
(' 42-100) per cent on term deposits and three
taxes, payable on and after Thursday, Janu-
ary 2. 1902. LOVELL WHITE. Cashier.
MUTUAL SAVINGS BANK OF SAN FRAN-
CISCO — For the half year ending December
31, 1901, a dividend has been declared at the
rate of three (3) per cent per annum on ail
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Thursday, January 2, 1902., GEORGE A
STORY, Cashier.
THE German Savings and Loan Society. 526
California st. — For the half-year ending with
December 31. 1901. a dividend has beea de-
clared &* the rate of three (3) per cent per
annum on all deposits, free of taxes, pay-
able on and after Thursday, January 2
1902. GEORGE TOTJRNY, Secretary.
THE Continental Building and Loan Associa-
tion, 222 Sansome st., has declared for the'
six months ending December 31, 1901. a divi-
dend of 8 per cent per annum on Classes'^"
and "F" stock. G per cent on term deposits
ana 5 per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes. WILLIAM CORBIN, Secretary.
HUMBOLDT Savings and Loan Society, 13
Geary st.— The directors have declared a
dividend of 3 per cent per annum on its de-
posits, payable on and after January 2, 1902.
ERNEST BRAND. Secretary.
LEGAL AUVERTlSEMiC.MS.
NOTICE is hereby given to the District Attor--
ne; cf the city and county of San Francisco
tki . I., the undersicned. intend to apply to
the honorable state Board or Prison Directors
for the privilege of being paroled, at a meet-
ing of the eai<! board, to be held at Folsom
en the 2Sth day of December. 1901.
. PETEH DERGANC.
"BUSINESS Men's Legal Bureau," consulta-
tion free; in bankruptcy and divorce proceed-
ings parties not required to' go into court.
Room till. Examiner bldy.; phone Black 3004.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
j yesterday:
John Lefkovitz, 24, 355 First avenue, and
Bessie I*.ov!nsky. 23, 220 Seventh street.
Joseph T. Cardoza, 33, city, and Eva L.
Wild* s, 19, city.
William C. KrteM. 36. I.'i28 Grove street, and
Emma B. Haln, 22, 218 Steiner street.
Charles J. Youngberg. L'S, city, and Beatrice
E. Ru.-sell. 27. city.
William W. P. Holt, 26, Tacoma, Wash.,
and Isabel T. Purriy, 20, city.
Leo S. Schwabacher. 30, Seattle. Wash., and
Edna Blum, 21. 1243 Franklin street.
Denis C. Sheerin, 2S. 2216 Geary street, and
Teresa H. Woerner. 24, 2H08 Washington et.
William D. Smith, 27, Rutherford, and Lou-
ise J. Laurent. 18, St. Helena.
Elias Friedbers:, 40. Oakland, and Adaline
Kellner. 30. 215 Steiner street.
BIRTHS— MARRIA&ES— DEATHS
Birth, marrlaee and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at cither of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
CHILDS — In this city. December 25, 1901, t to
the wife of George B. Childs, a son.
POWERS— In this city, December 26, 1901, to
I the wife of Frank H. Powers, a daughter.
THRANE — In this city. December 25, 1001. to
the wife of James H. Thrane. a eon.
MAHRIED. '
LIND — BRONN — In this city, December 24,
1901, by the Rcw F. A. Doane, Joseph M.
Lind and Ella V. Bronn, both of San Fran-
c-Jsco.
SKEA — PRACHT— In this city, December 11,
iftOl, et St. Mary's Cathedral, by the Hew
Father Ramm, Will D. Shea and Preciosa L.
Pracht.
SKILLMAN— CRUMLEY— In this city, De-
cember 25, laoi, at the First Presbyterian
Church, by the Rev. William K1rk Guthrie,
Edward A. Skillman of Eureka, Nev., and
Etta Crumley of Red Bluff, Cal.
VALLIER — COREY — In this city, December
i'4, 1801; by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Albert
Vallier and Lillian M. Corey, both of San
Francisco.
YOUNGBERG — RUSSELL— December 25. 1901.
Charles J. Youngberg and Beatrice E. Rus-
gell. - ■•
DIED. ~~
Bean, William H. . Morosco (Bishop),
Coveney, John Walter M.
Dixon, Thomas P.. Niblock (infantj
Dockery, ■ Bridget Offerman, Johannes
Gerry'. John H. Paton, Susanna
Uitsjn, Abby B. Pryal. Ella G.
Hadley. Moses F. Schlegel, Peter i
Lavin, John Snodgrass, Thomas
Levenberg. Lillie Steinwig, Carl
Maroney, Mary E. Waltjen, Delia
Millett, Catherine A. Whitney, Mary T.
Mortola. Giacomo Woodslde. Mattie
BE AX— In Oakland. December 25, 1901, Wil-
liam H., beloved husband of Anna H. Bean,
a native of Canada, aged 74 years.
COVENEY — In this city, December 25, 1901,
John Coveney, a. native of County Cork, Ire-
iand, aged US years. (Sacramento papers
lilease coi>y.)
C?"The funeral will take place to-day
(triday), at IV o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 707 Mission street.
Internment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DIXON — In this city, December 26, 1001,
Thomae R. Dixon, beloved son of the late
Richard and Sarah Dixon, and brother of
Mrs. L. Hartnett,. Mrs. C. Easton and Lucy,
frramuel. Walter, " John, James and Joseph
Dixon, a native of San Francisco, aged US
years and U months.
(C?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock. fr<jm his late resi-
dence, 1207 'Pacific street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Pacific Parlor No.
10, N. S. G. W., are hereby notified to as-
semble at 12CT Pacific .street to-morrow (Sat-
urday), at 1:30 o'clock, for the purpose of
attending the funeral of our late brother, T.
R. Dixon. Funeral will be under the aus-
jjjees of Pacific Parlor. Fines for non-at-
tendance will be strictly enforced. . ■
E. J. BANNING. President.
J. C. MILLER. Recording Secretary.
DOCKERY — In South San Francisco. Decem-
ber 2ii. 11*01. Bridget Dockery, dearly beloved
wife of Patrick Dockery, and beloved mother
of Mrs. Mary E. Jose of Redding and Ed-
ward Dockery, a native cf County Longford,
Ireland, ased 74 years. (Trinity Journal
please copy.)
f^y Friends and acquaintances are respact-
fullv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow -
(Saturday), at 0:M0 o'clock, from her late
residence, 201*5 Sixteenth avenue Routh, be-
tween R and S streets south, thence to All
Hallows' Church. N street south, wl'ere a
EOlemn requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repo.'e of her bouI, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GERRY — In this city. December 25, 1W01, John
H. Gerry, beloved father of Mrs. Josephine
Dupme, Mr.'. F. G. Hall and Mrs. Etta Wil-
■<t>n. or.d grandfather of Mrs. Herman Amud-
sen. Edith Hall, Frederick J. Hall and Car-
rie Dupree. a native of Massachusetts, aged
04 years.
[[^"Remains at the funeral rsarlcrs of
Janice McGinn & Co., 214 Edrfy street. No-
tice cf funeral hereafter.
GIBSON — In thia city. December 25. 1001.
Abby B., beloved wife of Orrln B. Gibson,
and mother of Mrs. M. E. McCoy, Orrin E.,
Herbert L., Edward L., A. Bruce and the
*S«to Fred R. Gibson, a native of Maine, aged
77 years and 5 days.
HADLEY — In this city, December 20, 1901,
Mosee F. Hadley, beloved husband of Ellen
F Hadley. and father of Fredv W., Herbert
and William Hadley and Mrs. Ella F. Mllot.
a native of Massachusetts, aged 7(5 years 11
months and 26 days.
ryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
December 29. at 1:30 o'clock, from the mor-
tuary chapel of the Golden Gate UndertaK-
Irg Company, 2475 Mission street, near
Twenty-first. Interment Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery, by carriase.
LAVIN — In this city, December 20. 1001. John
Lavin. a native of Ireland, aged C7 years.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. j
(Successor to Flanr.agan & Gallagher.) :*
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
. SAN BRUNO HILLS.
OFF CB 916 MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON, Manager.
1 TVifW PIKM UP UfNDtiKTAKtiRS.
j Eamuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers' Association; M. J.
McErearty. with the same company for IS
years: P. F. Green, late with J. C O'Con-
nor & Co.. have opened new Funeral -Par-
lors «t 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
*nd Klchtli. Telephone South 44.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER S7, 1901.
LEVENBERG — In this city. December 25.
1901. Lillie. dearly beloved wife of Lewis
Levenbergr, mother q£ Loretto and Mildred
LevenberR, daughter of Anne Doherty, and
sister of William and Thomas Doherty, Mrs.
E. I* Coxe and Mrs. E. Davidson, a native
of San Francisco, aged 27 years 1 month and
C days.
in^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 45 Harriet street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for service! at 1:30 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Minerva Parlor
No. 2, N. D. G. W. — Tou are notified to at-
tend the funeral of our late sister, Lillie
Levenberg:, to-day (Friday), from her late
residence, 45 Harriet street.
MARY CREIGH. President.
ANNIE L. DONALDSON. Secretary.
MARONEY — In this city. December 25. 1901,
Mary E., beloved daughter of Kate and the
late John Maroney, a native of Philadel-
phia, Pa.
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), from St. Mary's Cathedral, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
Interment private. Holy Cross Cemetery. Re-
mains at the mortuary chapel of St. Mary's
Hospital.
MILLETT — At Colma, San Mateo County, Cal.,
December 25. 1901, Catherine A., belovea
daughter of Michael and Bridget Millett, and
sister of James H., John E., Martin M. and
Joseph F. Millett, a native of Colma, San
Mateo County, aged 27 yenrs.
E?"The funeral will take "place to-day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, Colma, thence to St. Ann's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MOROSCO — At his residence. Geranium Place,
Fruitvale, December 25, 1901, 'Walter Mel-
ville Bishop (MorcBco), dearly beloved father
of Harry W. Bishop (Morosco), and devoted
grandfather of Elsie Melville and King Les-
ter Bishon (Morosco), a native of Connecti-
cut, aged 52 years 8 months and 22 days.
CSTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
Sunday afternoon. December 29, at 2:30
o'clock, at the Fruitvale Congregational
Chapel, corner Fruitvale avenue and East
Sixteenth street, Fruitvale. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery.
MORTOLA — In this city, December 26, 1901,
Giacomo, dearly beloved husband of An-
toinetta Mortola, and father of Joseph, Rose,
Victor, Mary, Leonora and Angelina Mortola.
a native of Italy, aged 55 years and 10
months. .
NIBLOCK— In this city, December 25, 1901,
infant dautjliter of George and Emma Nib-
lock, sister of George, Raymond, Freeman
and Alma Niblock, and granddaughter of
Mrs. George W. Hanley, a native of San
Francisco, aged 19 days.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
* fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the family reslr
dence, 3318 Folsom street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
OFFERMAN— In this city, December 26, l»01,
Johannes Offerman. beloved brother of Mrs.
J. Pope and twin brother of Claus" Offerman,
a native of Germany, aged 22 years.
PATON— In thiR city, December 24, 1901, Su-
sanna, wife of John H. Paton. and aunt df
Mrs. Walter R. Nichols, a native of St.
George, New Brunswick. ■ .
tC?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), from St. Charles Church, Corner
Eighteenth and Shotwell streets, at 9
o'clock, where services will be held. Inter-
ment private.
PRYAL — In this city. December 2', 1901, Ella
G. Pryal of Claremont, Oakland, daughter of
A. D. and the late Mary A. Pryal, and sis-
ter of William A., James A., Charles L.,
Mary and Elizabeth Pryal.
CTFuneral to-morrow . (Saturday), at 9
o'clock, from the undertaking parlors of
Carew & English, 29 Van Nes« avenue,
ihence to St. Iernatius Church, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by
11 o'clock creek boat.
SCHLEGEL— In this city, December 24, 1901,
Peter J.. beloved husband of Margarethe
■' Schlegel. and father of Mrs. Marie A. Retn-
ecke, and grandfather of Alfred W. Rein-
ecke, a. native of Germany, aged 71 years 10
months and 10 days. (Plttsburg, Pa., papers
please copy.)
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 16 Baker street, between Haight and
Pace, and thence by electric funeral car,
leaving corner Guerrero and Eighteenth
streets, at 2 o'clock, to Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery for Interment. Please omit flowers.
SNODGRASS — In Watsonville. December 25,
1901, Thomas Snodcrass, a native of Ireland,
aged t>2 years. (New Yorfc papers please
copv.)
STEINWIG— In this city, December 20, 1901,
Carl StelnwiK, beloved brother of Laurence
and Martin Stelnwig, a native of Germany,
ased 45 years.
W'ALTJEN— In this city, December 25, 1901,
Delia, wife of the late John Henry Waltjen,
and mother of Ruth and Margurette Walt-
, jen, and daughter of Patrick and the late
' Bridget Mullen, and niece of Hanora Mul-
len, a native of Boston, Mass.. aged 29
years. i
C7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 7G7 Mission street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WHITNEY— In Redlands, Cal.. December 21,
1901, Mary T., wife of George H. Whitney,
and daughter of William J. and Sarah Flow-
ers, aged 30 years. •.. ..
(n? 1 Interment Ferndale, Humboldt County,
Cal.
WOODSIDE— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, December 20, 1901, Mattie Woodside, a
native of California, aged 24 years.
HOTEL. ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
R J Schmltz, NT I W R Rlnehart, Marysv
Mrs J C Schmltz. N Y W Toel. S Rosa
J C Schmitz, NY J D Powell, w & s,
Miss E Adams, N Y Sacramento
R O'Connor, NY JL Johnson, Ukiah
J Kennedy, NY A L Elliott. Seattle
Miss M Roemer, Cal J M Palmer & w, Cal
G McMullen. In&lenook D E Kelly & s, Idaho
T Levey & w S Rosa C C Staffeld & w Mich
C E Larkin, S Barbara Mrs E Miller, Iowa
E A Philbrook, Sebasnl D A McLean & w. Fort
J A Rodman, Merced Collins
J Fraxlir, Local A B Stanton & w, Cal.
S Jack & w, Cal iL Tournois, Tahiti
C Miller, Portland G McMullen, Cal
A S Colenborn, Stanfd C R Dickenson, Chlgo
C V Putzman, U S N H J Clinch. N Y
L Lucas, Ship Hoche ' Miss R I Schmitz, N Y
E J Morton, 'Oakland E C Todd & f, Iowa
' J H Turner. Eureka D P Cramer, Chicago
F Knight, S L Obispo D J Paddock. S Rosa
O Brundin, Arcata A C Leages. Cloverdale
P Brundin, Arcata W P Bartell, Doggctt
A A Allen. Ft Jones M G Ball, St Helena
"\V Allen, Ft Jones i H Hoffman. & w, Napa
Mrs B Schneider, 111 J H Edwards, S Jose
N F Golden Tehama W Oxford, S Jose
G P Wilcox.' Cal J Smith, S Jose
H Andersen & w, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL..
N Jorgenson, Sacto 1 D Martin, B C
W W Prinsle, Cortlnd C II Gibbon, Skagway
S D Schrantz, Oakland Miss Gibbon, Skagway
L H Lacazette. Cal Miss J Trumonhorn,
J Larsen, Sacto Skagway
F P Powell, Arizona G N Hacht, Victoria
J G Bradley, S D N Geiger, Victoria
R J Collins & w, Butte W B Penney, Wash
E A Brown & w. Mex C E Green, Iowa
E Lamb, St Louis F A Green Wash
E L V Coonan, Ky C W Haskins, N Y
H Gilbert, Florlston .
Was Boring for Honey.
Henry Weideling, a cabinet-maker, was
arrested last evening by Detectives Tom
Gibson and Hammill and charged with
an attempt to commit burglary. Several
days ago Weldeling rented a room in a
lodging-house at 217 Grant avenue, which
Is conducted by Mrs. Weener. Learning
that she kept considerable money in a
chiffonier Weideling. bored several holes
in the partition which separates his room
from that of the landlady, and prepared
to enter. Mrs. Weener learned of his in
tentions, and at once notified, the detec
tives. Last evening Weideling started to
bore more Roles in the partition, and was
placed under arrest. He denied that he
intended to rob Mrs. Weener.
Held Up by Three Men.
William Lark, who was a special police
man during the strike, was held up by'
three men at Jackson and Kearny streets
Christmas morning and robbed of 530 ami
a gold watch and chain. Lark believes
that he' will be able to identify the men
in event they are arrested.
Wanted in Calistoga.
George Tolle, a young man, was arrest
ed last night and booked en route to Cal
istoga, where he is wanted on a charge
of robbery. It is alleged that he robbed
Herman Gauger.a farmhand, of $20 55.
Some Old Names for Cannon.
As the use of artillery became more
common and the advantages of porta
bility and rapidity of fire were recognized,
guns, except among the Orientals, became
smaller, but of better workmanship and
construction. Inventors began to try
their hands at all sorts of Improvements
or attempts at Improvements, and in the
course of a hundred years or so the num
ber of different pieces of cannon, large
and small, muzzle or breach loading, was
simply legion. There were cannon, can
non royal and deml-cannon, three or four
classes of culverlns, bombards, mortars,
perriers, serpentines, carthouns, curtails,
passevolants or zemrantanas, basilisks,
crgues, sakers, minions, mojanes, falcons
and falconets, robinets, fowlers, bases,
slings, pert pieces, murderers, drakes,
aspics, double dogs and lagtors, to say
nothing of rlbadoqulns, flying dragons
and partridge mortars.
Kansans are "Jayhawkers," Illinois
people are "Sand Hillers," "Suckers" or
"Egyptians." ; h,\v
CHILDREN'S WORK
TO BE EXHIBITED
Juvenile Fairyland Car
nival at Mechanics'
Pavilion.
Daily Programme of Plays,
Operas and Dances in Which
Tots Appear. .■
An exposition of children's work will be
given In Mechanics' Pavilion from Febru
ary 1. to February 8. Its official title will
be the "Juvenile Fairyland Carnival."
While the enterprise is a private one,
under the management of Louis W. Buck
ley, the street fair promoter, a propor
tion of the profits will be given to the
Kindergarten Association. '
Primarily the Fairyland Carnival will
be an exposition of children's work and
education. On the walls will be extensive
displays of drawing, maps, penmanship,
business college work, conic work, black
board work,, manual training school work,
and on down to kindergarten displays.
The big exhibit booths will contain work
from a' manual training school stand
point. All classes of schools will be in
vited to be represented. .
The fair will take on a lighter aspect,
also, that the' children may not only be
instructed but amused. There will be
Robin Hood's sylvan glades with the
archers, the homes of "Humpty Dumpty,".
of "Old Mother Goose" and "Jack Hor
ner," will be • illustrated by means l of
scenery, booths and electricity. There will
be the "rocky road to Fairyland," the
merry-go-round, the cable railway, the
donkeys and ponies In the annex, Tom
Thumb coach, Japanese tea garden, doil's
paradise, moving pictures, dog and pony
circus, Irish dancing school, marionettes,
Punch and Judy, cake .walkers, swings
and many other similar attractions and
illusions.
The intention is to give daily pro
grammes on a stage in the pavilion, con
sisting of juvenile plays, operas, fancy
dances, children's cake walks, marches.
May pole dances, together with concerts
by a band of adults and by children
bands.
The following have consented to serve
as a committee of arrangements to place
the educational exhibits and pass upon
and judge the same: •
W. W. Stone, chairman; E. P. Heald, Dr.
W; B. Howard, Mayor-elect E. E: Schmltz,
X). J. Sullivan, Colonel C Mason Kinne. R. T>.
Faulkner, Henry C. McPike, Henry E. High
ton, Ira G. Hoitt, Oeorjre A. Merrill, Frank
McGowan, Henry C. Dibble and Elisha Brooks.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC AND
ROCK ISLAND MAKE TERMS
William Sproule Returns and Says
Contract Was Made in Refer
ence to Traffic.
William Sproule, freight , traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
returned yesterday from a business trip
to Chicago. While East he met In consul
tation with the leading traffic officials of
the Rock Island road, and an agreement
was made in reference to traffic affairs.
Mr. Sproule denied the report that a
clause in the agreement shuts out the
Rock Island road from building west of
El Paso. .'
While in Chicago Mr. Sproule met Traf
fic Director J. C. Stubbs several times,
and he defies that Mr. Stubbs is in fail
ing health. He says that Mr. Stubbs was
suffering from a slight cold, but- other
wise he looked in splendid health.
Southern Pacific' Wins Suit.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday,
in a suit. instituted . by. the_.F.resno .Street
Railway Company to "oust the Southern
Pacific from a right of way along Tulare
avenue, Fresno, that the lower court had
erred in. giving judgment in favor of the
former corporation. A new trial is or
dered and in view of the decision it seems
probable that the Southern Pacific will be
allowed to continue running its trains
over the thoroughfare.
Eaby ? s Body Found on the Beach.
The body of a week-old baby was found
last evening on the beach about half a
mile from the Beach Tavern by one of
the life-saving crew. The body had no
marks or clothing by which it could be
identified. The body was removed to the
Morgue. It is supposed, that the infant
died and its parents were too, poor to
bury the child and took this nieans of
disposing of the body.
Bellboy Accused of Larceny.
Mrs. Lizzie J. Burson, proprietress of
the Wilmot Hotel, 728 Sutler street, se
cured a warrant, from Judge Mogan yes
terday for the arrest of Robert. Newton,
a bellboy at the hotel, on a charge of
grand larceny. Mrs:' Burson alleges that
on Sunday morning Newton broke open
her trunk and stole ?240. He has not been
seen since. Detective Riordan has been
detailed on the case.
Contractor Files Two Suits.
John Kelso, a contractor, filed two suits
against Mulr Bros. & Muir yesterday for
money which he alleges is due for work
performed on the extension of the Cali
fornia Northwestern Railway in Mendo
cino County under an agreement made in
February of this year. One of the sult3
is for $524 SO for labor, and the other is
for $11,S27, the cost of excavating' S030
cubic yards of rock.
Dockerill Is Held.
William Dockerfll, -saloon-keeper, 12
Steuart street, appeared before Judge
Conlan yesterday on a charge of battery.
He kicked his wife in the abdomen Wed
nesday, and the Judge was notilied that
she was in a serious condition. The case
was continued and xvockerill was ordered
into custody without buil pending the re
sult of hla wlfe'a injuries. ■ ' • , ."
Cowan Murder Case.
' Cornelius P. Williams, who killed Vivian
Cowan in Grasa Bros.' barn, 413 Ninth
street, Wednesday during a fight, ap
peared before Judge Cabaniss yesterday.
He was lnatructeti as to his rights and
the case continued till January 4, pend
ing the resuit of the. Coroner's inquest.
Williams claims ho acted in self-defense.
Defaulting Collector.
A warrant was issued by Judge Ca
baniss yesterday afternoon for the arrest
of A. W. Cosgrove on a charge of misde
meanor embezzlement. He wa3 collector
for the Commercial Fire Dispatch Com
pany and is said f to be short in his ac
counts. The amount specified In the com
plaint' is $19 73.
Dro-wned in. the Bay.
The body cf a man was found floating
In the bay yesterday between Melgg.-,
wharf and Alcatraz Island by M. Taran
tlno and his partner, Italian- fishermen."
When the body was searched ' at the
Morgue a bank book and other papers
were found bearing the name of Masoero
Georgi.
Eyan TJnable to Appear;
John Ryan, who was knocked down by
John Sheehy In .the Potrero gashcuse
early yesterday morning and • kicked in
the ribs, wafc unable; to appear in Judge
Cabaniss' - court yesterday. When Shee
by's case was called It was continued to
January 3. . • , ' •
Captain Jahnsen 111.
The steamer San Pedro ". has arrived
from Grays Harbor. J At Aberdeen Cap
tain Jahnsen was taken ill and was re
moved.to a hospital. at. that place. Tht
boat was brought in by First Mate Rei
ner. . , .
Kip Orphanage Entertainment.
I The children of the Maria Kip Orphan
age will . hold their .Christmas entertain
ment- on Saturday, -'December 28, com
mencing at 3 p. m. . The public Is cordially
Invited. ••'•■{ . . . • ■
SOLDIER'S MIMIC
SCENES OF WAR
Anniversary! of Battle of
Trenton Elaborately
Celebrated.
Firing of Guns and Cannons
Makes Sham- Battle .
Realistic.
TRENTON, N. J.,, Dec. 26.— The one
hundred and twenty-fifth anniversary of
the battle of Trenton was elaborately cel
ebrated here to-day. The auspicious
weather in the morning had the effect of
bringing out a large crowd, who lined the
streets along which the sham battle and
the subsequent parade took place. The
three forces of General "Washington, Gen
eral Sullivan and the Hessians for more
than an hour occupied the streets and
covered the ground that was gone over
in the original battle and a realistic pic
ture of that battle was presented, except
the suffering which* the American forces
underwent because of the cold weather
and the inefficiency of clothing. The sham
battle began 'near the battle monument
and continued down Warren and Broad
streets, the Hessian forces, under Colonel
Gilmore of the Second Regiment, retreat
ing and halting at short distances, % firing
on the advancing American army. 'Thia
continued until the surrender at two
points— in front of the postofflce on East
State street and the other on South Broad
street. ..-..,
During the sham battle there, was con
tinuous firing of guns and cannon. After
the surrender the military was re-formed
for the" general parade, which was sup
plemented by more than 1000 members of
civic organizations of the city. In the
procession was the Second Battery of
New Jersey National Guards, consisting
of the Second and, Third regiments, under
the command of General Cooper. . .
The parade proved somewhat disap
pointing by reason of a misunderstanding
which resulted in the military of the first
division passing the reviewing stand fully
half an hour ahead of the^-second: or civic,
division. . ' •, • ' ' < '■ - .■:^'"''-" , .
Taylor Opera-house, .Where* the* indoor
celebration took place, was packed. Gov
ernor Voorhees presided. 4 Professor Wil
son of Princeton Untverslty;. la... his ad
dress, besides . touching -oji,. the., history of
the battle .of Trenton,, spoKe of. the ideals
of America. " _...-..-...
Our progress during the last 125- years was
a natural evolution...'. It"wafe f n4t MJttiUthe war
of 1812 that, we began'toassunje- our position
as a nation of the world; ■D l ur"expansion from
time to time was a natural growth, "finding a
culmination in the acquiring of the Philippines
as a result of the recent war with. Spain.
Professor Wilson spoke hopefully of the
results that will follow ourrecent expan
,sion. both to ourselves as a' nation and
to the Filipinos as a people. -Hfr'-discour
aged the political condition wTucH seemed
to have evolved the political boss, but
looked upon the boss as an incident' rather
than a necessary result of our form of
government.
The fireworks display which was to
have taken place to-night had to be post
poned on account of the unfavorable
weather.
BRITISH LAWS OP BIRTH
AND NATUR AT.TZATION
New Construction Made by a Com
mittee Appointed by the
Home Secretary.
It is natural that we, in these tight lit
tle islands, should jealously guard the so
cial advantages, the protection and field
for advancement which are enjoyed by
those who can claim to be British sub
jects. But in the eyes of the law there
is considerable confusion as to the neces
sary qualifications which outsiders must
show before they can be admitted to all
the privileges of citizenship. On this ac
count the home secretary appointed an
inter-departmental committee eighteen
months ago to report "upon the doubts
and difficulties which have arisen in con
nection with the interpretation and ad
ministration of the acts relating to natr
uralization, and to advise whether legis
lation for the amending of those acts 13
desirable, and, if so, what scope and di
rection such legislation should take." Who
is a British subject? The committee point
out that:
"To the common law belongs the funda
mental principle that any :person who is
born within his Majesty's dominions Is
from thfe moment of his birth a British
subject, whatever may be the nationality
of either or both of his parents, and how
ever temporary and casual the circum
stances determining the locality of his
birth may have been."
The child of an alien enemy born in a
part of his Majesty's dominions which is
at the time in hostile occupation is not a
British subject. Again, the child born
within the British dominions of an Em
bassador or other diplomatic agent ac
credited to the crown by a foreign sover
eign is not a British subject: The limits
of this latter exception have not been ex
actly ascertained.
The King's son is always a British sub
ject, wherever he may be born. With this
exception the acquisition of the status of
a British subject by parents rests on stat
ute law. A person whose father or pater
nal grandfather was born within his Ma
jesty's dominions is deemed a natural
born British subject, although he himself
was Lorn abroad.'
To the category of persons who are
British subjects by reason of their birth
having taken place within his Majesty's
dominions must be added those who are
born on board a British ship. Some doubt
exists as to the extent of this rule. There
seems to be no doubt, the committee re
marks, that a person is a natural-born
British subject who is—
(a). Born on board a British ship of war,
wherever such ship may be.
(b) Born on board a British merchant
vessel on the high seas.
It is suggested that a simple rule should
be made that any child born on a foreign
ship while in British waters should not
be deemed to be a subject of this country
owing to this accident of birth; but, on
the other hand, an infant who first looks
out on life under the white and red en
sign, wherever it may fly afloat, ig appar
ently a subject of the King, though he ba
as black as ebony or his father be this
country's most deadly enemy.— London
Telegraph. •■ '■ " [ ■
PURE BLOODED CELTS OR
TEUTONS ARE NO LONGER
Races So Mingled in Europe One Can
- not Hope to Separate. Them.
Unobservant, • over-scholarly petfple talk
or write in the profotmflest' matiti'er about
a Teutonic race and. a Celtic, race, and
institute all sorts of curious contrasts be
tween these phantoms, but:ihese.are not
races at- all, if physical-characteristics
have anything to do with- race.""" 1
The Dane, the Bavarian, the Prussian,
the Frieslander, the Wessex. peasant, the
Kentish man, the Virginian, the man from
New Jersey, the . Nor\vegia»,-.the Swede
and the Transvaal Beer are ganerallzed
about, for example, as Teutonic, wh'iie
the short, dark, cunning sort of Welsh
man, the tall and generous .Highlander
the miscellaneous Irish, the .square-head
ed Breton and any .sort of Cornwall-peas
ant are Celts within the meaning of this
oil lamp anthropology.' '
People who believe in! this sort of thing
are not the sort of people" that .one at
tempts, to convert by. a.Vset argument.
One need only say the- thing Is. not so
there Is no Teutonic race, and there never
has been; there is no 'Celtic -race, • and
there never has been. ...
No one has ever proved br.attemp'ed
to prove the existence of such races: the
thing has always been assumed; they are
dogmas with nothing but questionable au
thority behind them, and the onus of
proof rests on the. believer. V
■Indisputably there are. several races in
termingled in the European populations
but there is no inkling of a satisfactory
analysis yet that will discriminate what
these races were and define them in terms
of physical and moral : character. The
fact remains there is no such thing as
a rationally cure and homogeneous com
munity in Europe distinct from other
communities. . ,_ . >-.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORT.
ASTORIA— Arrived DecSU^Stmr Columbia,
tv.i... f.un . FrnnpUpn > ' .
OCEAN" TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
1^ Steamers leave Broadway
t^j>_ Wharf, San Francisco:
m PS-SH**. For Alaskan ports — 11 a,
K ggggS^, m., Dec. 22, 27, Jan. 1.
i iSrlfeSiSSl Change to company's steam-
BraJsBflVal ers at Seattle.
I PS^^?U#m1 For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
' r****SS3«»*!ii c ->' Port Townsend, Seattle.
»*• •^^tjHggSJ Tacoma, Everett and New
"* '*M>\ Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. xa.,
Dec. 2, 7, 12, 17, 22, 27, Jan. 1. Change at Se-
attle for this company's steamers for -Alaska
and G N Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry-
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.,
Dec. 3, 8. 13. IS. 23. 28. Jan. 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays, 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays, 0 a. m.
For Loa Angreles. calling at Santa Cru *;
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harfort
(San Luis Obispo), Oaviota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro. San Pedro
and Newport— Steamer Corona. Saturdays, 9
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Pax. Santa .Rosa •
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th of each
For further Information obtain the com-
Pa TL S comnan'y reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without previous notice. .
TICKET OFFICE — * New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
G00DALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market at.. San Franclaco.
SPECIAL
Excursion Rates
TO—
Ports in Mexico.
A delightful Winter Trip. Only $60, includ-
ing Meals and Berth. Pacific Coast Steamship
Company's Steamer Curacao, sailing from San
Francisco January 7th, due back January 27th.
will call at the following Mexican ports: En-
senada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del Cabo,
Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosalia and
Guaymas.
For further particulars Inquire at Ticket
Office, No. 4 New Montgomery St.. or No. 10
Market St., San Francisco.
O. I?. A TV.' CO.
Only Stanmahlp Ilia* *«=»
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points Enst. Through Tickets to all
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
lowest xt^vrrxss.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BIRTHand HEALS.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails.. Dec. 24, Jan. 3, 13, 23
SS. GEO. "W. ELDER
Sails Dec. 29, Jan. 8. 13. 28
Steamer sails from foot of Spear St.. 11 a. m.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. Pen. Agt.. 1 Montg'y.B.F.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW YOKE. SOUTHAMPTON, LOHJOQN, PABI3.
■ Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Zeeland Jan. 8 St. Paul Jan. 29
St. Louis Jan. 13 St. Louis Feb. 5
Philadelphia ...Jan. 22 Philadelphia ..Feb. 12
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Zeeland Jan. 8 Vaderland Jan. 29
Friesland Jan. 15 Kensington ....Feb. 5
Southwark Jan. 22 Zeeland Feb. 12
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOH,
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KM KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (HioKO), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board, on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU
Saturday, January 4th, 1903
ES. HONGKONG MARU '.
Thursday, January 30th, 1903
SS. NIPPON MARU
Tuesday. February 25th. 1902
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
•421 Market street, corner First.
W.H. AVERY. General Agent.
_T OIRECI LINE TO TAHITI.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Jan. 4, '02, 10 a. m.
SS. ALAMEDA, for Honolulu
r. Saturday, Jan. 4, '02, 2 p. m.
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney... Thurs., Jan. 16, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPHECKELS k BROS. CO., Sanerai Agents, 327 Hartal «
fira'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Pier la. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier IX), 12 m.
SANTIAGO Jan. 7|PERU
LOA I
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office, 310 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R, R. £ S'
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, |105; Steerage, {40; Meals Free.
6. S. Ar-fcyll »«il« Tuesday, >jn. 21
S. S. Leelnnaw tails Monday, Feb. 3
*>. fc>. Arfey'l ' Fails Monday. Map. 3
From Howard-street wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
C0MPAGNI3 GENEKAu" IEAN3ATLANTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS -jii*.
Sailing every Thursday, instead ot yt?jC)O&
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pier 42, '.AsSzw
North Klver, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre, $70 and upward. Second
cla^s to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGKNCY FOtt UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Agent?, f> Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOR U, "s. NAVi YAR) AND VALLEJ3
Stnmjn G31 FRI3BI3 or M0NTICELL3
0:4."> n. m., 3":15 and 8:30 p. m^, except Sun-
day. Sunday, 0:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. in., 12:30 noon, li p. m., except
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m., 4:15 p. m. Fare 60
cents. TeleDhone Main 1508. Landing and
otfipp. nier 2, Mission-street dock. HATCH
HROS. \ - ■■
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
■i]itf !$ PACIFIC COAST RAILROAa
. ' via Sausallt* F«rry.
Commencing September Uif, 1001.
FROM SA*i FKA-SClsCO TO MILL VALLEY
ANL> SAN KAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— C:B5, S:W. "j:3o. 11:00 a. m
• 145 3:15. 4:13, 5:15, '0:15, 0:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael en Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at u:30 and 11:10 p. m.
SUNDAYS— «S:00. n0:00, '11:30 a. m., 'lilt.
•'•ir> •■»*45 0430; O:GO p. m.
"'Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FltOM HAN KAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAVS-V»:25 ,.;:27, 7:15. h.M. lo ti
a. n '12:25. 2:15, •3:33, 4:40, 5:30 p. m
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays "at «S:45 and !r:55 -p: m.
* SUXDAYiS-6:lS- '.S-W. * 10 :00. niM a. n
•W0 *3il3i 1 * : '* 5 ' <*:«"0 P. m. .
Tiains marked (•) start from San Quentia.
FKOM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:4B U:45 .7:33. S:53. lu.Jo
a mi l^:::r.. 2:45. :s:50, r>:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS _on Mondays Wednesday
and fSatuniaya at » :10 and 10:J0 p. m.
SUNDAYS-S:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12;o3. 2:13
S--M 5:00. B:4d l>. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:05 a. m. week-days — Cazadero and way
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
ktatlocs. '
8:00 a. m. Sundays — Duncan Mills and way
stations. . . . . ■
Legal Holiday beats and trains will run on
Sunday time. . . •
flOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
?'3O a. «:0Oa. wtuna tam u VM 1.00 p. y.ib a.
ill? I' ? : S A - -..-"J.'^«" 3:00 p. 3:40 p.
4.15 r. 11:30... _ 4:2g p. 5*0 p.
Firt, San Fraud wo te Summit and lUtum. ll.M.
ticket Oftcti, Gil MARKET 8T3XXT «ai SAU&AUXO JFJEIUtl.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
southernIpacifio.
' Train l»n**> nn<i »r« tin* »u nrrlv* ni
MAN rUANClMiO. .
(MlUn Line. Foot of Market Street.) ■+
uatx — Fkou December 6. 1901. — ABitrra
■ ■
7:00a BenicU, Suisun, Elmira and Sacra-
mento 8:33»
~i«Oa VacaTille. Wlnters.*Bumsey 7:33*
? 180 a III artinez. Sail namoa.V allejo. Hspa.
C'aliatoga ».i(IH»nt» lio«L lt:35»
, S:OO a Daris, Woodland, KnlgaU Landing,
Marseille, Orotiila 7:53*
SiOO* Atlantic Kxprws— Ogden and Eaat ft:23A
»i««a Nile*. Lathrop. Stockton "StSftr
StOO.t Nllea, Mendota, Hanford. Visalla.
Forterrille 4:39»
' SsSOA Shasta Express — DaTia, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs}. Willows. Bed
Blufl, Portland. 7:33f
• iBftA 8»n .lone, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, Bacrameiito. Plaoerrille,
M * rys» II le. Chico, ltad ItlulT 4 iSSr
SiSOa Oak dale, Ohinete.Sonora. Tuolnmna 4:S3y
liOttt HaTwarO, Kilts and Way Station*.. 1 1:*3a.
•iOOa Vallejo l*:«3r
t:O0A Los Annies Express — Martinez.
Traoy, Lathrop. Stockton, Merced
Fromo and hot Angulea 7)83a.
••SO4 Tallejo. Martinez and Way Stations ?:SSr
IOiOOa The Overland Elmlted— Ogdeo, Urn-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago »i»3r
f ItOOr Sacramento l."i»er!ite»nit-rs .-. flliOVr
8i«M»r Benlcia, Winters, fiacramento.
Woodland, Knlgbta Landing.
- MarysTillft.OroTille 10:53*
- StS»r Hsyward. Nllea and Way Station*.. 7:35*
4i(»or Martinex. Hau Ramon. Vallejo.
Napa, Uallstnga, Santa llora »i33r
4i00r Nllea, LiTermore, Stockton, Lodl... )S<»3r
4t8«p Haywud, NUet, San Joae, LlTtrmora t^iOS*
4:80* Tha Owl Limited — Fteino, Tulare.
Bakenfield. Saagna-for Sftuta Bar-
bara, Lo» Aniteles S«S3a
SiOOp Port Ocwta, Traoy. Lathrop. Stockton 1o:23a.
»»OO* Martinfz. Antlocb, Stockton. Mer-
ced, Fresno Iti23»
BiOOr Ba/ward, NJlti and Saa Jots....... 7>33a
t«i*Op Vallejo I1j23*
OiOUr Oriental Mall — Ogdeo, DenTar,
Omaha. St. Louis. Ohioago -»j23a
7i»0i> Oregon and California Uzpraas, Saa.
ramauto. M»rjs»l!l», Roddlug,
Portland, l'ngot Hound and Raik t:33A
•ifllSrStn Pablo, Pud Coita, Maxtlnea ' .
and Way Station* llt*3*.
t»l«8r Vallejo ,, 7i33y
COAST IjINE (Narrow «a«g«).
(Foot ot Market SlwU
«il»AN«warlc.ConterTt]le,flanJoM,F»lton, i
IloiiMerUreek.SauUGruzandWiy • •
Stations 8i3*»
tailor Newark. OanteiTlUe. Saa Joae New
AlmadeD, P»lton, Boulder Creek,
4. 8»uta Crm and Principal W»y
SutloDi ioino4
4il0p Newark, Sao Joaa, Los Gatoa ISiSQA
«9.3op Hunters' Train— Saa Jos* and Way
Stations !?•»•>
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. ,
fna SIS rilKCISCO-rsol tf Muktt Strut (Sli? D—
MM 9:C0 11:001.11.' 1:00 1:00 8:13*.*.
IriaOlIUKJ— fail «f Br«4wij.— t«:QO |8:0> t3d0t
10:00 a.m. 12:00 8:00 <iOQp.ll.
COAST LINE (BrMil e«age).
(Third Mid Towntend Sta.)
•>IOa San Jose and Way Htation*.. .._... «i4**
7<«Oa Ran Jose and Way Stations fSr*«»
/7ittttA New Almaden / *»1O»
ScOOa Coast Line limited — Sao Josat
Qllroy, Salinas, San Lola Obiapo,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles and
principal Intermediate stations.... 10:43*
ViQOa Hau Jose. Tres Pino*. Hmita Crux.
Paoille Urov«. Salinas, San Lids
Obispo aud Principal in termodUta
Stations 4:l*t
IOiSOa San Jcso and Way Stations. ":3flA
IIiSOa Ban .lose and Way SUtlous 0:40A
t3: lf»p San Mateo. Itedwood. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. San Jou,
Tres Plnos. Santa Cruz. Salinas,
Monterey and Faoldo Orort tlO?* 9 &
BiSOpSan Jose and Way Station*. Istoy
14x1 Sp San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 8tS*a>
4i9Op Sunset Limited— Mondays, Wednes-
days, Fridayi, for Loa Angeles, El
Paso. New Orleans and New York.
Arrive* .Sundays. Tuesdays and
Thursdays IOiISa
fStOOpSan Joae, Los Gatoa aad Principal
Way Stations tO:O«A
SiSOp Sao Joaa and Principal Way Stations 6:3Op
Btat'r San Jon- and Way Station* 7i3Or
7i00p New Orleans Express — flan Lnis
Obiapo, Santa Barbara, Los An-
geles. Deming. El Paso, New Or-
leans and E»»t 7t3«*
•Ili4.tr San Joss ».ii«l Way Stations 7i3O*
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. I Sunday only.
_a Saturday only. /Tuesdays and Prldayt^
Santa Fe
Tpains-Daiiy.
Leave Market-street Terry Depot. '
Local Ltm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally Dally Daily Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:0O a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:13 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
•• Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:30a 9:11 p
" Fresno... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:15 a 10:50 p
1 " Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 8:05 a
" Visalia.. 3:39 p 5:00 a
" BakersHd 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:45 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning- P tor afternoon.
9:00 a. m. traih la the California Lim-
ited, carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and
Dining: Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car
runs to Bakersfleld tor accommodation of
local first-class passengers. No second-
class tickets are honored on this train.
Corresponding train arrives at 7:05 a. m.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 6:00 p. m.
daily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and la Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway,
Oakland. •
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEES
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
Con Francisco to San Rafael.
WISKK DATS— 7:30. 8:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday* — Kxtra
trip at 11 :3O p. m. Saturdays — Extra trip* at
1:50 and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 0:20 p. m.
t>u.t Uafaa! to oan Francisco.
WEEK DAYS — »:10, 7:50, »:2O. 11:10 a. m. ;
12:45, 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — £xtr»
trips at 1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. U:10, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:06. 6:25 p. m.
Leave 1 In Effect I Arrtv*
San Francisco. |Apr. 28, 1901] San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination | days. | Days.
7:30am 8:00am Novato, 10:40am 8:40am
3:30pm 9:30am Petaluma, 6:05pm 10:25am
6:10pm 6:00pm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 0:20pm
" ' Fulton. a
7:30am Windsor. 10:25am
6 :00pm f Healdsburg. 10:40am
1 Lytton.
Geyzervllle,
8:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, 7:35pm 6:20pm
7:30am 5:0Opm Hopland, 10:40am 10:25a.-n
8:30pm 8:00am and Uklah. 7:35pm 6:20pm,
7:30am 10:40am 10:25am
8:00am Guernevllle. 7:35pm
3:30pm 6:00pni 6:20pra
7:30am 8:00am Sonoma » :15am 8:40am
and
6:10pm 5:00pm Glen Ellen. 6:05pm 6:20pm
7:30am! 8 :00am | )10:40am|10:25am
3:30pm| 6:00pm[ Sebastopol. | 7:35pm| 6:20prc
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla :■ at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
GeyservUle for SkaKSS Springs; at Cloverdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
tarings. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's. Bucknell'a.
Banhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr's Hot
Springs llendocino City. Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal, Willits, Laytonville. Cummins,
Bell's Springs.. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
I ■ Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
' duced rates.
1 On Sundays round-trip tickets to nil point*
i beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street, Cnronlcl*
; building. ■ -i ■:,
H. C. WHITIMG. R. X. RYAN."
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
. : :
m \. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
>&*>-*^a 629 HEAESY ST. Established
MW tfJ^^VJn I " 1*34 for the treatment of Privatt*
StfLiJJw-SKar 3I«imw, I-ost Manhood. Debility or
- «?!££Kra£a ( " v>aa " weartngon body and mind anil
2!t!K2»»»5» Skin Diseases. The Doctorcureswhen
iSl^BaSsr others fall. Try him. Charges low.
?"C^ci*«ia «'««•*• cuaruntrnl. Call or writ*
l>r. J. *'• W1BRO>. Kan Franciaco. Cal.
The Weekly Call.
$1 pei* Year.
1112
ADyXBTISEMENTS. _■_..-.-'--
■1--2-I -I- 1 -2 1 I MM' '1 I'M 1 ■! I- I"I"I"M-I- 1- -M-M-; •l-l-l-l M-I-I- -M-I 1 I I I 1 I »"»'
! I To-Day and Saturday,
J 200 Newest Styles TAILOR SUITS— CUT RATES
r $8. $ i o.oo, $ 1 2. $o, $ i $.oo.
31 t Were $1O. $12.50, S15, $2O.
| i^o High Class TAILOR SUITS NOVELTIES— CUT
± RATES $i8.^o. $20.00, $27.^0, $32.^0.
T Were S22.5O. $25, $3O, $35, $45.
J. v.
J 2^ Extra Fine Peau de Soie and Taffeta Silk RAG-
r} LANS elegantly, trimmed and silk lined — CUT
t RATES $37.50, $40,00, $45.00, $55.00.
? • Were $5O. $55, $60. $75.
% 100 Nobby Three-Quarter COATS AND RAGLANS—
t CUT RATES $9.00, $10.00, $12.50,' $15.00, $2o.co.
"^ Were $12.5O. $14, $I6.5O. $2O. $25.
f 200 Children's and Misses' Long and Short COATS —
J CUT RATES $4.00, $5.00, $6.50, $7.50, 58.50.
•j- Former Prices $5, $6.5O, $3:5O. $1O, S % 12.
:: / I /4OFF
J On all FUR CAPES, FUR COLLARETTES and
I; FUR SCARFS.
At Cut Rate Prices.
f 1230-1232-1234 MARKET STREET.
CAPTAIN BARTHOLOMEW
MAKES A COMPLAINT
Accuses the Sibil of Failing to Dis
play Lights as Required by
Regulations.
Deputy Customs Collector N. S. Parley
reported yesterday to Collector Stratton
suggesting that the customary fine of $50
be imposed upon the master of the" gaso
line launch Sibil and a fine of 5200 against
the launch itself for having failed to dis
play the required lights while towing a
schooner out of Oakland Creek at 4;25
a. m. November 7.- The informer is Cap
tain C. A. Bartholomew, who is entitled
to one-half of the fine.
In his communication to Deputy Far
ley Captain Bartholomew stated that at
the time he encountered the Sibil he w«is
in temporary charge of the steamer
Mount Eden, although he is the regular
master of the steamer Dirnond. The dtp-*
uty reports that Captain Bartholomew is
liable to a fine of $10 for having failed
to report his taking charge of the Mo.int
Eden, as required by the regulations. '
HB3ESE2ElEH5EiHB&BB2IBBSI3IIBHBBB2SEEBBE953SBHDBBE
B . ,
| ARE STRANGERS- \
B ' ,
B . I
EJ I
ta "GO 'WAY WITH YOUR SOROSIS SHOES. EVER SINCE MY WIFE HEARD I
E OF THEM THERE'S BEEN TROUBLE IN MY FAMILY." I
BE /7V>copniina r,f a t-orogls >ftoe Ztorr. in Viennn uearls/ eatued a riot, a delegation of over S00 I
J2 local mnivfacturert vaaitlnp upon the Government to proUsl agalntt Horotls and demand that |
|| some mea suits be taken for its rxclutionj jj
□ " I
£ As the shapes of the teet do not all conform to the same model, but may be [
>3 classified as belo.ijins to on; of the many varieties of form, so the "SOROSIS" E
j Shos provides differences of shape to suit these variations. The modeling and \
q details of construction studied during the process of p2rfectirg this shoe c.vered 1
£3 alf possible differences of arch. Instep, width, hsei, tread, etc., etc., and arrange \
j| shape, stye and concur to suit individual needs. , \
S K2£T£'S Sorosis Shoes are 00 Crt ■
g aaa\o s E e. sold uniformly at. ... dOiOU !
o Only - "^""•>i • /if. /Ti ; . {
a to &//'^'k* r econt * Shoe Store J
a be Wff&^%0^M? ¥rom Market \
\lf SOThirdSt street - ||l
p A Postal Will Bring oup x>ew catalogue to Your Home \
>!UWB5HBBBEBEBI2BSBBEBEEBH2HBBBBBIIflBBBBHBBBHB!
NEW YEAE'S EVE BALL
AT MECHANICS' PAVILION
San Francisco Club Will Entertain
Its Friends With Performance
and Dancing.
' The San Francisco Athletic Club will
give a New Year's eve ball at the Me
chanics* Pavilion. The affair promises to
be a great success, as the committee in
charge will introduce some very novel
features, among them being a Cakewalk
at 12 o'clock. The admission for gentle
men will be 50 cents. Ladies will be ad
mitted free. The following named are in
charge:
A-rrangement committee— Hiram Blodes,
Edward Harrington, Alec Greggains,
William Granfield and Winnie Fenk.
Floor manager — William Granfleld; as
sistant. Jack Carter. Floor committee-
Frank Schuler, Artie Granfield, Ed
Dunearand and William Hegarty.
NEW YORK. r>c. 2G. — A. J. Ayers. a young'
messenger of the Union Bank of Brooklyn, who
disappeared recently with $20,000 of the bank's,
money, was arrested to-day ia Montreal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, DECEMBER 27. 1JJ01
HOTEL MANAGER POLLOK RETURNS
FROM A TOUR OF INVESTIGATION
. • i .
Sees Best Hosielries .of Europe and Favor>
Some Features of London's New Carlton
for the Palatial Hotel on Union Square
ALLAN POLLOK; WHO HAS RETURNED FROM EUROPE, WHERE HE
WENT IN QUEST OF THE LATEST IDEAS IN HOTEL CONSTRUC
TION AND. MANAGEMENT. PHOTO BY ELITE GALLERY.
AFTER an extended trip to Eu
rope, Allan Poilok, manager of
the San Francisco Hotel Com
pany/which is building the new
hotel facing Union Square on the
Crocker property, arrived in the city
Christmas day.
The tour was taken at the reauest of
the directors of the company, that the
latest methods of hotel management and
equipment abroad might be studied" and
taken advantage of • In the ■ construction
of what will be one of the finest hotels
in the land. During his six months'-ab
sence Poilok visited the principal, hotels
of London. Berlin. Paris. Dresden, Mu
nich, Wiesbaden, St. Petersburg, Baden
Baden Carlsbad, and went far into
Switzerland knd Italy and through the
Tyrol, Bohemia and Saxony looking at
Sneaking last night of his investigations.
Poilok said: * ■ y
In construction and equipment there is no
hotel in Europe to -equal the American hotel,
yet there will be found many points In the way
of service abroad worthy of serious attention.
The hotels across the pond are as a rule much
smaller than we are accustomed to, and as
a consequence greater attention is given to
the details which add to th« comfort of guests.
Hotel keeping in Europe Is recognized as a pro
fession and all the hotel keepers . there have
gone through a long and arduous apprentice
ship in all the different branches.
Mine was an Interesting trip. One of the
finest and by. the way, one of the most ex
pensive hotels in London, is the New Carl
ton which is owned and managed by Rit« of
the Hotel Rltz. Paris. The Carlton is ex
tremely exclusive. The great feature of the
hotel is the dining-room, and in this particular
respect it is the inttntlon or the San Fran
cisco Hotel Company to follow the ■ Carlton's
methods. Whatever is best in the RItz estab
lishments we shall adopt. All our china and
cllverware will be patterned after the Carlton
designs and the coloring and general decora
tions of the rooms will also be from the Rltz
WILL PLANT SHADE TREES
ALONG VAN NESS AVENUE
Supervisors Favor Improvement and
Discountenance Extensions of
Time on Public Contracts.
The Supervisors' Street Committee met
yesterday and' ordered the preparation of
an ordinance reducing by five feet the
width of the sidewalks on Van' Ness ave
nue, between/Bush and Pine streets. This
action is preparatory to tae proposed
adornment of the avenue by placing trees
thereon, a central strip of sixteen feet
being set aside for the purpose. The
Board of Works was authorized to ex
pend $1958 23 for the improvement. , ■
Frank Symmes, president of the Mer
chants' Association, addressed the com
mittee In favor of the plan, but requested
that the placing of statuary on the street
be dispensed with. It Is the opinion of
the association that property owners will
see the advantages of the adornment and
favor beautifying the avenue throughout.
The committee ordered the preparation
of an ordinance for the paving of Va
lencia street, from Market to "Eighteenth,
with bitumen, at a cost of $28,300.
A bill was ordered amended so as to
include pressed brick in the materials
called for in specifications for paving
streets. ' : . • ' ■ ~
Grades were ordered changed on rse
vada avenue and Waverly place.
The applications of J. J. Dowling ana
Fllnn & Treacy. for ; extensions on their
contracts to repaye. certain streets were
granted, bat they .were notified that no
further extensions would be allowed.
Westmore Appears in Court.
E. G.' Westmore, the boiler-maker, who
shot Hans Alverson, night . clerk at the
Montgomery Hotel. 2&7 Second street, and
Charles' Penne, barkeeper in a saloon at
620 Market street,- appeared before Judge
Mogan yesterday on two charges of as
sault to murder. He was .nstructed and
arraigned and the cases continued till
January 3. He says he recollects nothing
about the shooting, as he was drunk all
day. Alveraon's wound may prove fatal.
He was removed to the City and County
Hospital yesterday. ;,
Stole Valise . From Wagon.
J. Wilson. < alias Barker.- was booked at
the City Prison yesterday by. Detectives
Harper, and Armstrong on the felony
charge of petty .larceny, second offense.
He stole. a valise from a delivery wagon
of the Pacific Transfer Company last Sat
urday, and the officers found him with it
on Montgomery street yesterday after
noon. Wilson served a term of ten years
for grand larceny, and" since 1S95 has been
arrested fourteen times for petty larceny.
Christmas at Presidio.
Soldiers, sick and convalescent, in the
general hospital at the Presidio were not
forgotten on Christmas day. Dainties and
fruits were distributed among them.
There was a Christmas tree, in the post
chapel, and Santa' Claus -distributed gifts
among the children of the. post. During
the advent season Chaplain C. ■ C. '. Miller
preached a series of sermons.
Kagal Stole a Bicycle.
"John Kagal was booked at the City
Prison^ yesterday by ; Detectives .Harper
and Armstrong on' a' charge of grand lar-.
ceny. He is accused of stealing a bicycle
from the front of the dental college, Mar
ket and Taylor streets, - last Monday,
which belonged to W. B. Corliss.
hotels. Through the courtesy of the proprietor
I was enabled to bring back designs.
While we have not yet named our new hotel
it is possible it will be called the St. Francis.
Speaking of the newly constructed ho
tels abroad, Pollok said the modern ho
tels of London he found to be a great
attraction to the tourist. Hotels such as
the Grand and Cecil, with its 1000 rooms,
were besieged, though the older and
smaller typical London hostelries still
have a patronage clinging almost affec
tionately to them. Traveling Americans
simply love them, for they possess and
offer comfort and exclusiveness. The af
ternoon tea is apparently an 1 institution
being much supported by the Americans.
According to Poilok it is a positive func
tion with them at "the famous .Claridge's,
where every day will be found an Amer
ican reunion, those present sipping the
refreshing beverage and chatting over
home affairs, political and social. Every
body who is anybody meets there, and
the discussions are of the most animated
kind.
The hotel manager had taken a deep
interest in British politics, and in speak
ing of the King saw his Majesty and the
.Queen on the occasion of their meeting
'the Prince and Princess -of Wales on their
arrival from their long tour around the
world. Mr. Poilok said:
The Kingr looked to be in grand health and
I cannot understand how at that time such
alarminjr reports should have reached America
concerning him. The Queen looked on • that
day as lovely and young as her young daughter
in-law, who sat in the carriage beside her.
It was a source of happiness and deep satis
faction to note the strong, the undoubtedly
brotherly fellowship existing between the
Americans and Kngllsh over there. There are
but few families in England who have not ties
of blood relationship in the United States. The
intense interest they take in the welfare and
progress of this country was shown on the
death of the late lamented President. I can
never forget the scene of sorrow at the funeral
services held in St.. Paul's, when every foot of
that great cathedral was filled by a worship
ing and heart-touched assembly.
ALAMEDAN BOBBED IN
KEABNT-STREET SALOON
George Heinrich Knocked Down and
His Watch and Money Taken
From Him. •
George Heinrich, who lives at 2412 Lin
coln avenue, Alameda, was robbed of a
gold watch and $20 in Oscar Osterdahl's
saloon, 921 Kearny street, about 1 o'clock
yesterday morning. He entered the sa
loon and ordered a drink. While waiting
to be served a man approached him, say-
Ing he was a fighter, and asked the Ala
medan to "treat." Heinrich did so, and
the fighter began fooling with him and
struck him on the face. Two other men
also struck him, knocking him down, and
while he was on the floor he was robbed.
Heinrich notified Policeman J. B. Cava
naugh of the robbery # and he went to the
saloon. v The bartends, H. E. McMahon,
refused to give him any information as to
the men who assaulted and robbed Hein
rich, and was very impudent and defiant
in his manner. Cavanaugh reported the
facts to his superiors, and the bartender
and proprietor of the saloon will probably
have to make an explanation to the Po
lice Commissioners.
Zionists Hold Meeting.
: A' large mass-meeting- of Zionists was
held at B'nai B'rith Hall on Wednesday
evening, in compliance with a request of
the central committee in Vienna that such
meetings bo held by all Zionist societies
on the eye of the meeting of the fifth
congress, which had been announced to
take place in Basle on December 26. Rab
bi Myers presided and addresses were de
livered by the Rev. Dr. Levy, Rabbis Ber
man and Sommer and by Dr. Blum, as
well as by the president. Miss Bertha
Prankel, Sarah Harris, Jack Harris, H.
Wolch, P. Eddisses and Messrs. Weiss
man and Greenberg also took part in the
programme.
Will Build New Carhouse.
The Supervisors' Fire Committee yes
terday granted the petition of the Mar
ket-street Railway Company for permis
sion to erect a brick,building on the block
of. land bounded by Twenty-third, Twen
ty-fourth and ; Utah streets and San Bru
no avenue. The building will be used as
a carhouse.
The Italian-American Bank was grant
ed permission to add two new stories to
the building- on the southeast corner of
Montgomery and Sacramento streets.
Sionhart's Flaxsced Balsam
Will cure your cough. 50 cents at all druggists.
Authorizes Payment of Expenses.
' " The Supervisors' Finance Committee
yesterday recommended the passage of
an ordinance authorizing an expenditure
of $500 out of the urgent necessity fund
for stationery, printing and clerk hire for
the recent Anti-Chinese Exclusion Con
vention Committee. ■-.•<•'
* : : _ 4
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
the very latest color process.
Sight pages in beautiful col-
ors that are pleasing to the eye.
JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. | JOE ROSENBERG'S. jr
I PETTICOATS! PETTICOATS! I" our busy hosiery J^S^m
Bought ,t a Ba rJ ai n and DEPARTMEHT Jf. fjf '^
\X7"t R T4 + »- ' ifvi e k avc two items of ( ra^l
wm De do.a at a bargain. -«i£:*bss special import this wsek. j&S&Sg&k iftK&k
TRAVIF3 Fi?<%» QAMPI PS "l«fi"/)ll! first, child-s B^^k^JkIWR^ f
i KAY ILL Lit O O^lVlrLLv JU!W4* > HOSE, made of best Pe- 1G2&L
_ • Remember, we have &)* r . uv | ari c , 0 « 0 "' d^ f b r le
nd - no two alike Have d'- £s heels and toes, extra
kn ?ided the nricea into &r long, very elastic: war-
Jki^X lots^Soml a^emlde^f ranted fast bla^.
Cjfe^j/KA very best moreens, oth^ Worth 20c, our price XOr TiilsigllFlisi
1 N«L~ .W ers of Italian cloth and • NEXT— L.ADIES" HOSE, made of P^y6o^ ESS
I ux>j523k*. mercerized sateens. In best American 'lisle, newest Parisian rn _ ri gv&£§y£&Sk V&Ba
\yRc53S53s. ono lot they are made lace effect, high 6pliced heels and toes. 9- !■£ |- |- f 5&fl*H^^a l&r I-
*&2jWT«ffi'of best Italian cloth, full length, very elastic; good fast ■ iml_S_ • £§S'2S<» < ®w I*
T9f23J25^ highly mercerized, deep black. Your opportunity to buy hose iSS^B^S? "^'7 '■ *
I!; flounce finished with for half the usual asking price — 17c To the firs 1 hP?&»ES »
I ccrded ruffle, extra dust ruffle; war- ' 'fcitwtUw
l? ranted fast black. Samples at sample QQ,, IW^TCAH flF Ql fifl hundred pur- *Ct5*?*V
\ r"ces 7r,<- OOb IKOlLHU UT OliUU &<-*£w ,
I ANOTHER IX»T are made of very FIDFSDOWN TACKET '• " c '" re>v "' l§*f$ag3Jw.
1 best* It-Man cloth: some are finished fclDfcKUUWlN JALMii . give freo of 8?M >^?-5k %
j with a deen flounce with two accor- LADIES' HOUSE JACKETS, made chane oib §11 XSS&k h
£ r.eon pleated ruffles; pood fast black. o f gooc i quality wool, eiderdown, roll- l -" ul J G "■•« |J££ Xil^K
I Only 9S« Ing collar, crocheted edge of best handsome §iJ
0 hers bet.er and cheaper. Germa^yarn; colors^pink^blue^and J| -g^
We find (hat we zrc still pretty heavily Sale O'Farrell-st. entrance. ' plaque.
8t3CkC H^ni^r R r H »rrQ GREAT RIBB0N RE0USTI0NS WORTH READING I
HANBKERCH8EFS fv E r a before. h r1b x m en instfah of tr on 1
and rather than get stuck with them 4F* Ion cSdfd ami mide" $ * C ° liN51tAD OF $2.00 |
we have decided to so cut prices that /f^Ms of best all silk 2V If you want an iri^i I
no. woman can afford to resist at these inched wide in all thl /^ form/get o^of The 'new I
P rices - I I Mm? latest fall shades. In- \f*i Marie Antoinette corsets, |
FIRST we have LADIES' HAND- I |\J?a^ atea,d of 15c we are Jf. made of the best Imported i
KERCHIEFS, made of best Irish lawn, IB making an extra special ,f A sat cen rust-proof steels: B
with best Valenciennes lace edges and *€ag\\ '* at 5c 1a. 1 newest straight front of- E
laoe insertion. Only lOc Ij ALSO BEST ALL PT>ftu^ £ ect: rtesi sned with a low k
xNOIHER-LADIES' HANDKER- g?\] SILK CORDED RIB- [^^1 £' rn^hami"^ h ]f ! K
CHIEF, made of best union linui, V^ BON. Vh Inches, in all NW^f* C "i: ll 8 ?!^ 0^" *?£• K
a hemstitched, hand-made initials. Our , the newest shades, corj- iTW 1 T J%? ta 'J« tn °f*2l~ Jk 6 1
great reduction price." 5c ed, can be drawn and the ribbon gath- ]$>TQ garters on to keVothV P
ers, making "excellent ruffles for un- V iJ/ Inmln^ «f<!wn° inside if U
I ' SAMPLE VEILS iSSSV't^^ 3 ' work - Won ' t J? t «• «tra tSSSVSSJent'SS S,SS 1
S t ?\ 7L „ !u" long at the price 7kc from stretching: including a five-yard E
: In yard lengths, all the newest .,.„.„. ............ long mohair lace: to Introduce this |
nios-hes, plain or fancr. figured or dot- |U QJID kKITTCQ MNDFRWl-AR new corset our price will be &% E
j ted. French novelty veils at the low- •" «"» M»MILU UIIUCnVILHIl Sale O'Farrell st entrance
| e.-^t prices 12c flPPARTMCHT entrance,
I ,m,,TL, , P «,riiTlJ % UtrflniWItni Corset fitted free-Thin people made
HEALTH IS WEALTH Si^^^SSJg^S^ *-** «•* |
! *» LADIES' FLANNEL- steam shrunk and medicated, high .«.-«._____..„_..,„ H
5 #£» ETTE GOWNS made of neck, long sleeves, ankle length; colors A^ T(1 RIIR T RARfifilN? i
ver >' finest flannelette, gray, ecru and black. A decided bar- ""^ ' U dtt UU " « UI • DMnUAIIIO I
k «M w$ ed soi?d r "£Sr CO S: sain for the money S 1 '* 3 J UST A FEW "FT. 6f
tX eS5s3&Egp/N stitched yoke, finished • rrui nr TUfKP QAMP1 C The orses we reduced from $15 and f'
Ji'i^va wUn r uffle > neatly hem- A ftl? Vl IllUot CMlflrLL $20 to J7 5O have been reduced more \
GflHVWW stitched double yoke back. PilDTCDP I CC7 lust to close them out. They are made i
H Mm? trimmed with neat finish- »jAK t HO LErl of best all-wool cheviot. Eton jacket! I
Will 1 17. ing braid. Regular $1TO wm.ii.iiw uu.il fuH gQred s ,., rtS) jacket silk J Hned - j
values now a»l LADIES' ROUND GARTERS, made % kirt lined and bound; now selling for \
- .at n ,,m tut ot best silk> frilled, elastic, fancy sat S6.5O '
SPECIAL DRIVE IN in bows, German metal buckles. BeSt . «f".ov i
DCIT Qlinif I F^ AWfl PIMR possible values for the money 15c Agent for Ladies' Sorosis Kid Gloves. E
f&s&gs&zsssjfeitdA 10F ROSFNUFRR 8I^ MARKET street, ;
cr gilt, fancy designs or cameo jeet- Jp%$h* llWvlalyUflLllU Running through to 11 0'Farrell \
a-SriVK-owSt^iSS.^SSS Mail Orders Solicited. PH ELAN BUILDING.
GERMAN LADIES
LABORING FOR
POOR OF CITY
The board of managers of the German
Ladles' General Benevolent Society
worked at Golden Gate Hall yesterday
until a late hour preparing for their
Christmas festival for the poor, which
takes place this afternoon. Generous con
tributions were received, consisting of
money, large quantities of wearing ap
parel" and provisions of all kinds. The
fourteen on the board and the 200
members have had the interests of the
poor constantly at heart and in addition
to distributing S300 each month among the
needy families they give out $a00 more at
each festival. A Christmas tree, heavily
laden, will be an important feature of the
festival this afternoon, although it coula
not be expected to hold all the gifts.
One o'clock to-day is the hour for as
sembling at Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutler
street. All members and friends of the
society who are interested in philan
thropic work are cordially invited to drop
in and see the distribution of gifts.
The board of managers, which has had
the festival directly under Its charge, is
made up as follows:
Frau Caroline Koester, president; Frail
Minna Broemmel. secretary; Frau D»- J-
Regensburger. Frau F. P. Stadtmuller. Frau
L Gottis. Frau J. F. Plasemaniv Frau M.
Ksber" Frau Dr. F. Fehleisen, Frau A. M.
Buck Frau F. Habenicht, Frau Isaac Hecht,
Frau Dr. H. Kreutzmann, Frau J. C Meuss
dorller and Frau L. Lebenbaum.
The ladles on the board of management
for the California Woman's Hosmtal in
terested themselves personally in gi\ing
an unusually line dinner to the patients
and nurses on Christmas day> The crabs
and turkeys alone « were contributed,
everything else being provided by the
tray was decorated with
red berries and a Christmas card lay on
the side of each dish.' The free ward was
decorated with garlands and wreaths of
h A ly Christmas tree with red and white
candles decorated the center of the
nurses' tables and candelabra with red
shades were arranged at short intervals.
There was a bunch of holly at each plate,
together with a large red bonbon in
which was a number of pretty surprises
and favors. Salads were served in the
most attractive manner and the walnuts
were wrapped in silver paper.
The nurses also received many boxes of
candy, some of which were sent by pa
tients of the hospital.
An after Christmas surprise to ' their
many friends was the wedding Thursday
evening in St. Dominic's Church of Mtss
Terese H. Woerner and D. C. Sheerin.
Miss Woerner is a daughter of the late
David Woerner, founder of the David
Woerner Cooperage, and enjoys a well
deserved reputation as an accomplished
pianist, having studied several years un
der the best teachers. She has traveled
extensively and is a charming linguist,
speaking several languages. ■ n^ ,
Mr. Sheerin is a son of Daniel Sheerin,
the pioneer monument dealer, and is well
known throughout his native State as an
inimitable enturtainer • on the amateur
stage. His splendidly cultivated barytone
voice has often been heard on the local
stage and Irr church choirs. He Is promi
nent in business circles, being a member
of the firm of Loubet & Co.
Rev. Thomas C. Clancy, O. P., perform
ed the ceremony.
Miss Elizabeth Woerner • assisted her
sister as bridesmaid and Daniel I. Sheerin
was best man. Professor Widder pre
sided at the orsran.
After the ceremony an elaborate supper
was partaken of at the bride's home, 290S
Washington street, when good wishes
were expressed and blessings showered
on the bride and groom.
The young couple will spend their
honeymoon in the southern part of the
State, and on their return will reside in
their new home on Ellis street.
The Presidio hop to-night will be a very
enjovable affair and is being looked for
ward to with pleasant anticipations by
those who have been asked to attend.
There will be but 200 people present, the
number of invitations having been cut
down materially. This change was neces
sary for the comfort of the guests, ns
there have been such crushes at the re
cent hops that dancing was next to im
possible.
Lieutenants Babcock, Collins and Brow
er form the ■ committee § of arrangements,
and Mesdames Hayden and Burgess will
assist in receiving the guests. '
Razor- Wielder to Stand Trial.
C. J. Keefe was held to answer before
the Superior Court by Judge Kritz yes
terday on a charge" of assault to murder
in $2000 bonds. He lives at 29 Morris ave
nue.- On November 9 he attacked his wife
Eliza with a razor, cutting her seriously.
He knocked over a lighted lamp with his
elbow, • setting fire to the house, and
chased his. stepson out ..of, the ' house,
threatening to kill him with the razor.
He was arrested by Policeman Beamer
and z=-.i3t now stand trial.'
LYNCH IS AWARE THAT ANOTHER
BREAK WILL CAUSE HIS REMOVAL
Revenue Collector in Receipt of Word Advising HinvAgainst
Further Meddling in Politics.
Members of the California Congres
sional delegation Incline to the opinion
that there will be few if any changes in
the existing regime of Federal office
holders in California. They do not want ;
to be perplexed and badgered by appli
cants for office. It seem3 to be the Presi
dent's wish that no changes be made un
less the good of the public service abso
lutely demands new appointments. It
seems to be settled that John C. Lynch,
Collector of Internal Revenue, will re
main in office until Senator Perkins re
cords his protest against the removal of
the Collector.
The story comes from "Washington that
Senator Perkins brought forth a letter
addressed to him four years ago by
Charles M. Belshaw ajid other leading
men, in which Lynch was highly com
mended. The Senator, it is said, renled
these indorsements to sustain his position
in protesting against Lynch'e removal.
Lynch will doubtless hold office for a
while longer. He has been admonished
against "pernicious activity" in politics.
It is quite well understood that his offi
cial head will go in the waste basket If he
abandons his post of duty to meddle In
nominating conventions or permits his
deputies to resume political work for the
Southern Pacific Company.
So much scandal has been caused by
Lynch's superserviceable zeal In the work
of Herrin that his friends have advised
him to attGTid strictly to his official busi
ness and let the railroad do its own poli
tics. If Lynch should make another bad
break — and be again exposed in the cir
culation of bogus telegrams— Senator
Perkins might be forced to join Senator
Bard in recommending the appointment
of Stephen Kelly to the Revenue Collec
torship. Senator Bard -is at hla home in
Southern California for the holidays. He
Estate Matters.
The will of Mrs. Isabella "W. Kane, who
died recently, was filed for probate yester
day. She left an estate worth $60,000 to
her two daughters and three sons. She
provides that $20 per month for each of
her children shall be a charge upon the
estate for seven years after her death.
The estate of James Dorland, the de
ceased contractor, has been appraised
at J&4.3S1. He left $581 m cash and im
proved property in the Mission worth
$63,800.
The estate of the late Albert "Wlasel has
been appraised at $31,904 40. It consists of
a ranch in Kern County,- improved prop
erty in the Western Addition and $114 in
cash.
New Year's Presents,
Such as Water Colors, Etchings, Photo
graphs, Statuary, Gold Clocks, Candle
sticks. Candelabra, Cameras, Dress Suit
Cases, Trunks, Valises, Pocketbooks,
Fountain Pens, Pictures and Frames. Best
values in every department. Visitors al
ways welcome. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. •
Entertainments at South Park.
A Christmas entertainment for men and
women over 16 years of age will be held
to-night at the South Park Settlement
House. The choir of the Cathedral Mis
sion will sing Christmas carols and many
reproductions of famous paintings will be
displayed. The entertainment will be re
peated on Sunday afternoon at 3 o'clock
for the children under 12. On t».is occa
sion each child will be given candy and
oranges from the Christmas tree.
George Archer Convicted.
George Archer was convicted of grand
larceny In Judge Dunne's court yesterday.
Archer stole two watches and $S0 in coin
from a drunken soldier in an Ellis-street
lodging-house. He pawned the watches
and when arrested had the tickets in his
pocket. Tillie Adargo, who is accused ol
being his accomplice, will be tried to
day.
«^
TJnhappy Couples Separated. .
Florent Hotter was granted a. divorce
from Clara Hoffer for desertion by Judge
Murasky yesterday. Judge SeaweJl
granted Elizabeth V. Berry a divorce from
Charles M. Berry for desertion. Suits for
divorce were tiled yesterday by Odlle J.
Hestie against John Hestie for cruelty
and Carrie O'Day against John O'Day for
failure to provide.
1100 Men
Are occupied daily at Belleville and St.
Louis glass works manufacturing the nec
essary bottles -for "Budwelser" beer,
brewed by the Anheuser-Busch Brewing
Ass'n., St. Louis, Mo. •
will return to Washington early In Jar*-'
Ua !?r*i. He j y m not vl3lt San Francisco
until the adjournment of Congress.
*i? >r^? ldent Roosevelt recently assured
the Senator that he would visit Califor
nia next summer.
The first authoritative announcement of
appointments under the incoming munici
pal administration was made yesterday
by Treasurer-elect John E. McDougali
McDougall will have for his chief deputv
James A. Devoto, who was Chief Food
Inspector under the last Board of Health
but one. Frank B. Perkins will continue
as a deputy in the office, a position he
has ably filled for several terms. Mertom
Allen, a local newspaper man, has been
selected to be clerk by McDougall and
Isaac \verthelmer will fill the position of
bookkeeper. Two minor .appointments in
the office have not yet been decided upon.
The Golden Gate Republican Club met
in the Columbian building last evenlnc
for the purpose of taking preliminary
steps toward organizing for the comlns
campaign. J. P. Tighe presided and P.
B.. Gallagher acted as secretary. Z. T
Cason and D. W. reviewed the
history of the club since its organization
in 1SS7. It is now proposed to make thi3 a
central club with branches throughout
the city.
The Theatrical Employes have organ
ized a poMtlcal and social club and elected
the following permanent officers: Presi
dent, S. D. Simmons Jr.; treasurer, Wil
liam B. Mortimer; secretary. William G.
Rusk.
The membership of 215 embraces stage
■employes, ushers and others. The object
of the organization is to take a prominent^
part in the coming State election. J
ADVERTISEMENTS.
M Comfort II
(v and fj
« Quality- A
H in eyeglasses are dependent
n upon three things, viz., the \
Jf material* the construction fi »
[A and the accuracy in fitting
01 them to the vision. i
■j No matter how good the % t
V material in the glasses, they 'i I
jh must suit the eyesight to be U ' ;
« satisfactory. Our glasses in- y
31 variably correct defective \ I
1} vision, because we make I
1'i them to suit each individual \
H case ' \V 'I
' I ' Be sure of our name and number >. ■
217 Kearny St. Swfiwaja g|
NOTICE !
GEORGE. mAYERLE,^
The German Expert Optician,
!222» At 1071^ Market St.. nearfi :
~4ffi>£jdS&\ Seventh, has no branch
'^3* rrt *-«^ i . offices, neither does he
'tfAS&frSpfcl travel, nor does he em-
J)Ioy any °P ticiar> ' s to
m *^ represent him.
Remember that Mayerle's Glasses, which I
are indorsed by the highest U. S. Army. ■
Navy and Government officials, can be ■
had only of George Mayerle. at lUTl 1^ Mar. ■
ket st., near Seventh. Telephone South I
572. German Eyewater.. 50c. J
DR.MCNULTY.
T'Hia WErX-KNOWN AND RKLIABLE OLTA
L Specialist enrei Blood Poison, Oonorrhcea.Gk>^I ;
Htrfctarc , -seminal Weakness. Impotence and tS*W
allied Disorders. licoH on Diseases of Men, fn»e*
Over20jears' experience. Term* reasonable. Hoar-?
9to3daily;6:30toS.30ev'gs.Snndavs,i0toli Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. KOSCOK McXXLTY, 31. D.
SCMKearnySt., San Jb'ranciseo, Cal.