STAFF CAPTURED.
Continued on Page Two.
Aguinaldo | was taken, ashore |
at 3:10 p. m. to-day. He was'
taken before ..General Me Arthur ;
at the palacc. ; He. talks, freely,;
but seems to be : ignorant coh-j
cerning recent events.-: lie ap- :
ne'ared' to be ingood health* and \
PRESIDENT OF THE S0.CALLED FILIPINO REPUBLIC. THE DARING
AMERICAN OFFICER WHO CAPTURED HIM AND THE WAR VESSEL
UPON r WHlCH_HE;\V r AS CONVEYED TO MANIIiA.
was even cheerful. He lunched
with the officers of General Mac-
- /'Aguinaldo is . not- a Napoleon nor a
Washington. 1 neither, is he a Tecumseh nor
a Sitting Bull. ¦ He I* Aguinaldo, and his
name stand3 for r.o metaphor."
v2£miIlo : ;A7Ulnaldo.y Fama was born at
with great difficulty, an insure i
gent major being killed. .Twenty,
rifles and many important papers
were captured. , .
The . province of Isabella,
where the capture of Aguinaldo
occurred, is on the island of Lu
zon, about 200 miles northeast of
Manila, and about seventy-five
miles north of Baler, oh the east
ern coast, which place was made
memorable by the capture of
Lieutenant Gillmbrc and . his
party from the gunboat York
town in April, 1899. .Isabella
province is wild and mountain-
SCENE OF THE SUEPRISE.
The news of Aguinaldo's cap
ture indicates clearly that the
plans of General Funston were
carried out successfully.
To carry out the programme
required a long march into the
interior and never-ceasing ' cau
tion to guard against treachery.
The troops in New Vizcaya and
New Ecija and the gunboats
Vicksburg and Albany were or
dered to co-operate with the cap
turing party.
INSURGENT
MAJOR SLAIN
MANILA, March 28.—Agui
naldo's capture was' obtained
troops.
ous, ; especially along the coast,
where the high range known as
the Grand Cordilleras Oriente
extends for a hundred miles or
more ; from north to south, the
highest points of the range being
but a few miles? from the shore.
Rugged trails, in some places be
ing but a foot or two in width,
lead across the , mountains, fre
quently crossed by rushing
streams, and where these over
flow their, banks . the trails . are
waist deep in mud. It was to this
uninviting district that General
Funston and hissmall band went
a short time ago. It was a part
of- the island • that had never be
fore been visited by. American
writing of the Filipino leader just
. before the outbreak of February
4, 1E99, said:
I' "N "the nineteenth century there has
not been a ' more unique figure
among the native races of the
earth than the Filipino Insurgent,
Aguinaldo.
. Edwin Wildman, Vice Consul of
the United States at Hongkong. In
He treated hls # troops and the peopia
with much tact anJ consideration and
was verjr popular with them and on good
terms with the Spanish officials and tho
Some time previous to 1&96 he returned
to tbe Philippines ami at the time cf tha
breaking out of the treat Insurrection tii
that year was hoiding some position un
der a or.ilvc politician In a provincial
to«rn.
"Whether these statements be true or
not it is certain thai during his stay in
Hongkong and the vicinity he gained a,
wide knowledge of the art of war and
read many works on strategy and the
campaigns of famous generals such as
Washington, Napoleon, Wellington and
Grant, and there arc many photograph*
of him in existence la Hongkong in both
soldier and sailor uniforms.
.During his fctay there ho also acquired
some knowledge of Latin., French. Eng
lish and Chinese, wlilfh with the Spanish.
Tagal, Ylsaya and Igorrote learned In hia
youth, stood htm In good stead later on.
Probably with an eye to the future h»
especially devoted himself to matters per
talning to war. He attended the drills
and -parades of the British troops la tha
garrison, frequented the gunshops, pur
chased arms and practiced their use un
til . he became fairly expert. It is said
that ho even w»nt over to Kowloon.
across from Hongkong, then occupied by
the Chinese, and served a short time in
one of their regiments*. Finding, however,
that nothing could be learned under th-j
system prevailing In the Celestial army
he obtained his discharge and joined a
Chinese warship which had some Kuro
pean instructors.
Gains Knowledge of War.
Under these circumstances he considered
!t best to leave Spanish territory, and In
1SS8 went to Hongkong, where was already
quite a colony of Filipino exiles. There
he first came in contact with the world
that lay beyond the narrow limits of th*
Spanish civilization under which he had
grown up.
Leaves Spanish Territory.
He received careful drilling in the Span
ish and Latin classics, and also studied,
physics, metaphysics, theology, jurispru
dence, law and medicine. Little la, how
ever, known of hia college career, except
that before completing his course he left
the university. He had committed what
was considered an unpardonable sin from
both a secular and religious point of view
In joining a secret society something like
the Masonic order. This was a prohibited
thing in the Philippines, and any man so
doing, if detected, might under the law
be tortured and executed.
At the age of 14 he entered the'Collega
of St. John de Lateran, and later the Pon
tifical Lnlversity of Manila, where he was
recognized as an exceptionally bright stu
dent.
At the age of seven years he waa th»
equal* of most half-breed boys of 12, and
at 10 he was easily the mental superior of
most of the Tagals of the district.
Aguinaldo an Apt Scholar.
Aguinaldo was an apt scholar. He had
the precccity of the Malay, the ambition
of the Caucasian and the memory of a
Chinaman, the best among men.
Imus, Cavlte province, some thirty odd
years since. His friends say that he vas
the son of a Spanish general. About
his very early years but little la accurate
ly known.
At the age of four he was a houseboy
In the home of a Jesuit priest In Cavlte.
Ills master -was a kind, man and took a
deep Interest In his little protege, dressing
him well even to such an extent as to ex
cite the envy of his neighbors, and in time
giving- him an education, which,\ though
"not tip to "the standard of the grammar
school of the United States, was many
fold better than that within reach of most
of the little Luzon natives, of whom, un
der Spanish rule, but a small per cent
learned to read or write.
General Funston's plans, as
outlined in a dispatch from
Manila a few days ago, were to
make the trip over the Isabella
Mountains to Aguinaldo's hiding'
place, accompanied by Sur
geon Major Harris, Captain
Newton, of the Thirty-fourth. In
fantry; Lieutenant Admire of the
Twenty-second Infantry; Lieu
tenant Mitchell of the Fortieth
Infantry, six veteran scouts and
a company of native scouts, all
picked men. They were to be
landed by the gunboat Vicks
burg on a remote beach north of
Baler, and were to proceed over
land, guided by a former officer
of Aguinaldo, who had betrayed
to Funston the Filipino leader's
abode.
PLAN OF THE CAPTURE.
As the leader of an insurrec
tion against the United States
Government Aguinaldo may be
tried and executed, a lesser pun
ishment meted to him by execu
tive clemency or complete amnes
ty extended. While the question
of punishment rests with the mili
tary authorities, it is believed the
President will make the matter
one for determination primarily
by the authorities here.
believed, however, that any defi
nite line of action was ever de
termined upon in regard to the
matter. The attitude of the Gov
ernment for a long time past has
been one of comparative indif
ference to Aguinalcfo's capture, it
having been determined* to crush
the rebellion without regard to
his whereabouts. His recent ac
tivity in directing the course of
operations against the American
forces probably brought about
the recent change in this attitude.
The disposition of Aguinaldo,
now that he has beer, apprehend
ed, will be an interesting one for
the administration to determine.
The possibility, of his capture at
any time always has been kept in
view, and that of his future has
been a matter of informal discus
sion bv the officials here. It is not
templated.
CAPTURE POLL-OWS ACTIVITY.
The capture of Aguinaldo will
be a source of great satisfaction
to the President and his advisers.
Coming so soon after the surren
ders reported by General Mac-
Arthur of prominent Filipino of
ficers and the successful estab
lishment of civil local govern
ments by the Taft commission,
they feel that the end of the re
bellious warfare in the islands is
near at hand. With the expected
collapse of further opposition,
which it is confidently believed
will follow, the hope is expressed
.that it will not be necessary to
maintain such a large standing
armv in the islands as is now con-
A g u i n aldo
had not reached the War Depart
ment up to a late hour to-night.
The President had retired before
the news arrived and will hear the
news for the firs t time in the
morning.
VQ& m VSL m *" '
Then was to come the daring
part of the plan. The pretended
prisoners were to throw aside
their assumed character and .*net
amorphose themselves from pris
oners to captors, seize Aguinal
do, beat down any opposition
tKat might show itself and hold
their prisoners, no matter how
great the peril or how great the
forces of the enemv.
They were to make it appear
that they had captured General
Funston and other American of
ficers of high rank and were tak
ing them into the camp of the
insurgent chief to be delivered as
prisoners of war.
To deceive the enemy it was
arranged that Aguinaldo's repre
sentative, who had given the in
formation to the. Americans,
should lead the native scouts,
they to assume the character of
insurgents still loyal to the rebel
cause.
MANILA,. March- 28.— General Frederick Funston's during project for the capture of Aguin
aldo in his ©hiding place ffi|^^SS|j^i|^^^^^^^^|j^||^j§ has proved com
pletely successful. Aguinaldo was captured there on March 23. The United States gun
boat Vicksburg, Commander E. B. Barry, with General Funston; and Aguinaldo on board, ar
rived here this morning.
AGUINALDO IS CAPTURlD BY FUNSTON,
WHO BOLDLY EXECUTES CLEVER STRATEGY
IN INVADING THE CHIEF'S HIDING PLACE
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. IIS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY; MARCH 28, 1901. .
LONDON, March 28.— A
dispatch from Manila says that
several members of Aguinaldo's
staff were captured with him
and taken to Manila. The in
surgent leader and his men
were caotured near Casiguran,
near Baler, province of Luzon.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.Incendiary I>estroys Property.
ATTLEBORO FALLS, Mass., March 27.—
An Incendiary flre here to-day destroyed
property of the value of $85,000.
A Month's Test Free, 1
' If you have Dyspepsia, write Dr.Shoop. Kfccine,
Wis.,box 137, for elx bottles Dr.Shoop's Restora
tive. Exp.paid. Send no money. Pa} $3.50 If curM*
GUARDS ON" BICYCLES v;
PROTECT THE KAISER
Pour Wheelmen Will Hereafter Ac
company the Carriage of the
s Emperor When He Travels.
BERLIN, March 27.— Among the safe
guards to be utilised hereafter for the
safety of Emperor v Willlam when he ap
pears In public will be four bodyguards
on bicycles J • accompanying the carriage
The coachman and footman will be armed
with revolvers. Experiments with these
arrangements are now - In -progress under
the supervision of aides-de-camp of the
Emperor. " , . »
It is expected that His Majesty will be
present to-morrow at the- premiere of
Salnt-Saens' "Samson et Delilah" at tbe
Royal Opera.
POLICE GATHER IN"
SUSPECTED ROBBERS
NEWARK, Ohio, March 1 27.— Four men
were arrested at Thorneville shortly be
fore noon to-day on suspicion of being the
persons who robbed the Somerset bank
early yesterday morning. Two of the men
carried shotguns. - The pocketbook of an
other, contained a piece of fuse. Files,
drills and a chisel were found on the per
sons of the prisoners.: They refuse to give
an account of themselves and have been
placed' in jail. :
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON, March 27.-While the
Senate Committee is preparing. to Investi
gate the charges of a combination of Gov
ernment officials to influence" the regula
tion of hemp exports from the Philippines
a scandal has broken. out in connection
with the Havana customs. It Is charged
that blackmail on an extensive scale has
been collected In Havana by. persons de
claring their ability to Influence the 'War
Department. The report from : Havana
that a gas company of that city had paid
$49,000 In commissions within the last two
years to have the tariff on crude petro
leum adjusted satisfactorily cannot ba
positively confirmed in Washington. It is
understood, however, by persons who are
well informed as to what Is going, on. In
Cuba that' money was paid to some one
who said he coula Influence the action of
the War Department. f
"No information hus ever. come to the
War Department," said Lieutenant Col
onel Edwards, chief of the bureau of In
sular affairs, "as to the alleged payment
of this money. If the company paid this
amount,, or any other amount, whoever
received It had nothing to do -with bring
ing about a change in the tariff on pe
troleum, and the gas company never ap
peared by attorney before the department.
The only person with whom the depart
ment had correspondence on the subject,
with the exception of the customs officials
in Cuba, wers.T. J. of Balti
more, president, ana J. Bacardi of Ha
vana, vice president of the company."
Lieutenant Colonel Edwards said that
General Wood, by direction of the Sec
retary of War, issued an order restoring
,the 70-cent duty and no such petroleum
had actually paid a higher rate. He said
tho company had not been represented in
the matter by an attorney and there was
no occasion for the payment of any money
to any one to secure a cofreetion. By an
executive order: which will go into' effect
on April 1: the petroleum tariff is again
revised, the only change being an increase
of the rate of refined oil to $3 50, which
Is higher .than the present ' rate, though
$1 70 less - than -is wanted ¦ by- the -refiners.
A statement is being prepared in the in
sular division giving all the details of
these tariff changes with all the r corre
spondence, and the officials say It will
•how a perfectly clean record.
* HAVANA,-. March : 27.— Eetes G. Rath
bone, former Director General of Posts In
Cuba, will be given an opportunity to se
cure another bondsman before the 'order
for his rearrest Is carried out. His attor
neys aro hopeful of getting new bail. In
any event the attorneys will ask for an
immediate, trial. . •_ .„ ¦ .
Rathbone has been granted. three days,
with an extension of time. if necessary, to
furnish a new bondsman. -The fact that
the main' charge against him Is now one
of carelessness, for which he.wlll be tried
with Neely, puts a new phase on the case,
and the technicalities heretofore -insisted
upon will probably, be waived and an or
dinary bond accepted. " '
Reports That Money Was
Paid to Influence Action
of Officials.
SCANDAL STIRS
CUBAN CUSTOMS
CAPE TOWN, March 27.— Indecisive en
counters at widely separated points are
reported daily. Fighting took place yes
terday at Tarkastadt and Hennlngfon
tein, both in Cape Colony. The casualties
were few. A commando numbering 200,
under Commandant Fourie, was dispersed
at Thaba N'Chu. According to, reports
received here, the hills above Dewetsdorp.
just reoccupied by General Bruce Hamil
ton, were also the scene of a fight last
ing several hours yesterday.
LONDON, March 28.— A dispatch to the
War Office from General Kitchener, dated
Pretoria, March 27, says:
"Our casualties in General Babblng*
ton's engagement .were two killed and
seven ¦ wounded. The Boers left twenty
two dead knd thirty wounded. As. their
pursuit was rapid, many mor« Boer cas
ualties are likely. .
"The operations of March 23 drove the
enemy north from their positions at Kaf
firs' Kraal. On March 21 the pursuit was
continued by mounted men only. The en
emy's rear guard was driven in by a com
bined movement on both ! flanks. Their
convoy was then sighted at Leuwfonteln.
The Grays, New Zealanders and bushmen
rushed on. The enemy attempted to take
up a position, but the Grays and other
troops rode down all opposition and gave
him; no chance. .The convoy .was ridden
into, and the enemy's retirement became
a rout The pursuit was continued until
the horses were exhausted."
Small Battles Occur at Many
Points With Slight
Casualties.
ELUSIVE BOERS
WORRY BRITISH
ST. PAUL.. Minn.. March 27.— The Great
Northern to-day announced that It will
apply a first-class rcund-trlp rate July 5
to 13 of $43 for San Francisco, Portland.
Seattle. Tacoma. Victoria and Vancouver,
good for stop-over -west of Havre, Mont.,
from St. Paul, limited for return to Au
gust 31, and a rate of $30 from Chicago to
the points above named. The regular one
way rate from St. Paul Is now $50.
Railroad officials say this will cause Ep
worth League rates to be materially cut
by all lines. *The Great Northern pas
senger department declares that it is im
pelled to this action because of the at
titude of the southern transcontinental
lines in- making a rate that would other
wise divert to them a large share of the
summer travel and deprive the northern
lines of its usual summer tourist business.
The Northern Pacific also announced
that on July 6 it will place in effect a
low first-class rouni-trip rate of $45 from
St. Paul to Seattle, Tacoma and Portland.
BATES ABE REDUCED
BY GREAT NORTHERN
Big Cut in the Price of TIcketsTrom
St. Paul Will Cause a General
Slashing.
Phillips as chairrnan. Father Phillips
- made V brief presentation, saying that the
delegation was.- there ' merely trying to
bring about action that would prevent a
strike; that they- were ready to act as an
Intermediary body or to be used in any
way that would compromise any difficul
ties'existing. .'¦'
Refuses to Meet Labor Leaders.
Father Phillips nsked Morgan If he
would meet John Mitchell, president of
the United Mine Workers' Association,
who has been in New York for several
days. Morgan, in reply, said In substance
that his attitude up to the present has
been toward the prevention of a strike.
He said he was much interested in the
leaders be. held the publicity thereof and
possibly; attendant conclusions might
hamper the achievements of the best ends
which all were seeking. In other -words,
as Morgan remarked, should he hold a
public meetingor conference "half of New
York would be upon his heels." Morgan
added that the ends sought could best be
achieved through other channels, and he
assured the delegation that he might com
municate with the boards of trade later.
"You may rest assured that I believe
there will be no strike," remarked Mor
gan. ¦
Morgan shook hands with the members
of the delegation and they departed. Mor
gan after the conference declined to make
any statement relative thereto.
NOTED CHTIRCHMEN "WHO ARE TAKING AN ACTIVE INTEREST IN
MEASURES TENDING TO PREVENT THE THREATENED STRIKE IN
THE ANTHRACITE COAL MINES OF PENNSYLVANIA.
Jesuits, though not -with the Dominicans
and Franciscans.
Prepares for the Outbreak.
All the while, however, he .seems to
have been an ac«v« worker in the prep
arations for the/ outbreak, and when it
came leaped at once Into prominence.
At the very start he was a general ani
- to him as a " superior the chiefs of
other districts made th« ir reoortp. Tl!<?
barbarous murder of Or. Rizal ada->«l
such force to .the flame of revolt. that the
• Snar.lPh liuthoritles, becoming alarmed at
the suooess of the insurgents and ih<3
¦widespread srowth of me movement,
made proposals that If tbe revolutionists
would lay down their arms a.id the lead
ers leave the country the Government
would pav all the expenses of the proceed
ing, the 'wages of all the troops, wouid
agree to prosecute no one Involved in trie
uprising and would put through all tn»
reforms that Dr. Riza! had demanded,
the refusal to listen to which had led «.o
the Insurrection. ,,
Aguinaldo, with the other leaders, dls
cussed the proposals at length. Some were
in favor of accepting them; others, of
more fiery temper or distracting the .Span
iards, wanted to continue the fight ana
drive the Spaniards into the sea: Aeuin
aldo. with some others, urged that the
proposals be accepted upon the condition
that'the Spanish Government should give
some more tangible guarantee than ver
bal promises, a vague and indefinite agTes
nvnt in writing. Having thus secured a
3un in -the flshtlng and some dissension in
the ranks of the insurgents the Spanish
authorities then employed briber}', cajol
rry-- and trickery and at last won their
point. .
The agreement was entered Into between
the Government and the insurgents. , Tho
latter, headed by Aguinaldo. kept their
agreement to the letter, disbanding and
laying down what arms they had. The
leaders left the country and established
themselves In Hongkong to watch the
progress of events.
The Spaniards failed to keep their prom
ises of reform, if they ever intended to do
to. and mercilessly pursued and destroyed
all those within reach who had taken any
part in the insurrection.
Instead of paying over the money agreed
upon, somethinirgver $1,000,000, they gave
to Aguinaldo, ti3 Hongkong, less than
one-third of that amount, which they
raised from the budget and special taxes,
and pocketed the rest. They, however,
published the report that the whole was
paid over, and thus led many people, to
believe that Asuinaldo and his colleagues
had followed the Spanish practice, and
kept the money for themselves. There
was bitter quarreling in Hongkong and
charges of embezzlement and fraud were
freely made in the revolutionary councils.
What Became of the Money.
This imputation upon Aguinaldo's honor
and fidelity to his people has been effectu
ally refuted by the managers of the Hong
kong and Shanghai Bank, one of the
largest and most upright Institutions in
the world, by showing that the money
admitted to have been received by the
Aguinaldo group, some $300,000. was all
that was remitted by the Spanish Execu
tive Council at Manila.'
It is said to be susceptible of positive
proof by unimpeachable evidence that
none of this money was ever diverted by
Aguinaldo or his associates to their pri
vate use.
The Filipinos were ripe for another up
rising- when Admiral Dewey, on May 1
1S98, arrived in Manila Bay and crushed
the Spanish squadron. Aguinaldo 'was
quick to see his opportunity. With the
money he had held in reserve he pur
chased arms and ammunition, crossed
from Hongkong to the Philippine Islands
and received a warm welcome. In a few
weeks 50,000 men were enlisted under his
command. "With some "munitions of war
supplied by the Americans he armed a
small percentage of his followers. Others
used bows and Tirrows and other primitive
weapons. With this poorly equipped and
half organized following Aguinaldo took
town after town from the Spaniards, until
he controlled nearly the whole island of
Luzon, with the exception of Cavite and
Manila. The Dart he played in the cap
ture of the city of Manila in co-operation
with the American troops and the subse
quent events leading to the collision with
the United States troops on February 4
1SS9. is recent and well remembered his
tory.
Insurgents Badly Scattered.
As the result of the campaigns conduct
ed by Generals Lawton, MacArthur and
others the rebel leader's forces had been
badly scattered during the two years of
guerrilla warfare. Aguinaldo himself, at
tended by a comparatively small band of
followers, fled to the mountains and for a
year his actual whereabouts had been
more or less a mystery.
Major March with a detachment of the
Thirty-third Regiment overtook what was
believed to have been a portion of Agui
naldo's escort last June. A fight followed
in which several were killed, but the wily
leader. If indeed he were with them, again
made good his escape. Major March con
tinued the pursuit and for several days
was hot on the trail of the insurgent gen
eral.
Saddlebags containing Aguinaldo's di
ary, private papers, addresses to oeople
of civilized nations and copies of seVeral
speeches delivered in the United States
Senate, were captured and aroused great
interest in this country.
Attempts at Capture.
After most arduous and persistent ef
forts to overtake the fugitive Major
March saw the futility of continuing the
pursuit with a force of Infantry and re
luctantly decided to retrace his steps to
Cervantes. After Aguinaldo's night to
the mountains he was bereaved by the
death of his wife.
Other plucky attempts were afterward
made to take the Filipino chief, but they
were unsuccessful, and the impression
had grown that it was impossible to cap
ture him until an announcement made a
few days ago Inspired renewed hope
when it was stated that General Funston
the plucky Kansas principal in a dozen
hair-breadth escapes, had started with a
email following to capture the rebel
leader. " -.
Aguinaldo is said to owe much of his
Influence with his people to his .person-'
ality and his magnetic qualities. He is of
medium height, but lithe and strong. His
face is highly intelligent and "derives its
character largely from his piercing black
eyes. He always dresses neatlyr so-much*
fo, indeed, that he has been accused of
foppery, and the golden whistle* which he
is said to have worn habitually about his
neck has been subject of many a Jest. '
His bearing Is soldierly and he habitu
ally conceals his emotions behind an im
passive countenance and affects a stolid
ity of manner. He has excellent com
mand of language, and in conversation or
oratory Is terse, direct and convincing
His popularity among 'his own people
could not be better attested perhaps
than by the fact that, at least until now ¦
none of them -has ever sought to betray
American Commission Receives the
WAB CLAIMS AMOUNT
TO THIRTY MILLIONS
,3Ust of Demands, Several of Which
. Call for Large Sums.
"WASHINGTON. March 27.— The Spanish
War Claims Commission, of which former
Senator William E. Chandler of New
Hampshire is president, has received from
the State Department a full list of the
claims against Spain growing out of the
insurrection in Cuba, which were filed in
the department up to the 15th of the pres
ent month. These claims are all those of
American citizens, for under the treaty of
Paris the governments of the United
States and Spain undertook to adjust
claims of the^r own citizens. - - , .
The grand total of the claims is about
$30,000,000, and included in the list are five
claims in excess ofa million dollars. The
largest single claim is that of John W.
Brock, on account of property losses, esti
mated at J2.I62.514. Mrs. Ruiz, widow of
the dentist who was killed in a Havana
prison, is a claimant for $75,000.
CHICAGO'S FINANCIERS
' COMPLETE THEIR TRIP
Members of the Commercial Club Pass
Through Omaha and Are Hon
ored by Officials.
OMAHA, March 27.— The Commercial
Club of Chicatro passed through Omaha
to-day over the Northwestern road on
their return from the coast. The special
train was met at Council Bluffs by sev
eral officials of the road and personally
conducted to Chicago. The Northwestern
officials in behalf of the company pre
sented each member of the party with a
handsome booklet containing the names
of the party, the schedule of the run into
Chicago, a map of the system and some
statistics of the population and the prod
ucts Of the States reached by the North
western. The party has been away from
Chicago twenty-three days.
WILKESBARRE. Pa., March
27.— A call has been issued by
President Mitchell of tho
United .Mine Workers of
America for a meeting to be
held In this city on Friday morning at 10
o'clock of the presidents and secretaries
and executive boards of the three Penn
sylvania anthracite districts. President
Mitchell and three members of the na
tional executive board will be in attend
ance and report on their visit to New
York. A meetine of the national execu
tive committee has been called to meet
at Indianapolis, to be held at the same
hour as the meeting here. Action taken
on President Mitchell's report here will
at once be wired to Indianapolis and, It is
reported, be promptly ratified by the na
tional, board.
Seven of- the twenty members of the na
tional executive board are Western men
and will gather at Indianapolis. National
Comnjltteeman Fred Dilcher and Organ
izer Chris Evans, who are members, left
Scranton last night for Indianapolis. -
It is believed the action to be taken at
Friday's meeting will remove the .uncer
tainty as to whether a strike will be de
clared April 1. .-_-,;
Committee Visits Morgan.
NEW YORK, March 27,-A delegation
composed of five men representing trade
interests in the Pennsylvania anthracite
coal regions, -headed by the Rev. Edward
S. Phillips, acting as chairman, held a
conference to-day .. with J. P. Morgan in
the private office of the latter In thi* city.
The conditions of unrest in the anthrar
cite coal region at present-.were set forth
in the briefest possible' form' by Father
Phillips, who presented the delegation t*
Morgan and to whom Morgan expressed
his interest in their errand and his wilU
ingness to make personal effort to prevent
a strike, though he declined to hold a pub
lic conference with the labor leaders. ¦¦
The delegation who met Morgan to-day
comprised the Rev. E. S.* Phillips from
Hazleton, Edward Lauterbach, treasurer,
and A. T. McAlester. secretary*, of the
Hazleton Board of Trade, and J. H. Sere
by, president, and I. W. Marquardt, chair
man of the manufacturers' committee of
the Pittsville Board of Trade.
Arrangements for this meeting were
made last week by the officials of the va
rious boards of trade of the coal region
of Pennsylvania through Rev. Father
him, although a large price had been
placed upon his head. . -
KANSAS PROTJD OF FTJNSTON.
eral's Latest Exploit.
Governor Stanley Talks of the Gen-
GUTHRIE, O. T., March 28.— Governor
Stanley of Kansas, who was the guest of
honor at a banquet here last night, was
awakened this morning at 1:30 in his
rooms at the Royal Hotel and told that
General Funston had captured Aguinaldo.
He said:,'
Not Yet Beady to Talk in Reference
"I am very glad, I am sure, to hear the
news. I am more than glad to know that
a Kansan was the Instrument in securing
the man. It was a great deed. Kansas
has had many unkind remarks .made at
her expense recently and I hope those' who
have made them will now have words of
praise for our State on account of Fun
ston's exploit. Kansas has reason to be
proud of the achievements of her son."
"What effect will this have on the Phil
ipplne trouble?"
"1 think that it will cause the disturb
ances In those districts to cease. With
their leader captured it will be dishearten
ing to Aguinaldo's followers.
"I am very Bure that all- of- the people
of Kansas will be as glad as I am to hear
that General Funston has captured
Aguinaldo. His adventure was watched
with Interest and much anticipation and
the successful termination of the enter
prise will cause rejoicing not only in
Kansas, but over our entire nation." •
Lieutenant Admire, who Is one of the
ten men with General Funston, Is a son
of J. V. Admire, receiver of the King
fisher Land Office, former editor of tho
Osage City (Kana.) Free Press. Lieuten
ant Admire enlisted in this city for-ser
vice in Cuba and thea,went to the Philip
pines.
EEYAN AWAITS FU&THKR NEWS
to the Capture.
LINCOLN. Nebr.. ' March - 28.— W.' J*
Bryan* was informed this morning of ;tho
capture of Aguinaldo and asked for an ex
pression of opinion. He said he preferred
to wait until there was more complete ver
ification of the report. Mr. Bryan- did' not
doubt the accuracy of the newB, but said
so' many! previous reports had been proved
without foundation that he believed it
wise to postpone commenting.
GENERAL OTIS' IS GLAD.
Declines, However, to _ Discuss News
of Aguinaldo's . Capture.
CHICAGO, March 28.— General Elwell S.
Otis was awakened thls'morninsr with the
news^that Aguinaldo had been captured by
General Funston.
••"I am very glad to hear it"' said Gen
eral otia. He added, however, that he
made it > a- rule never to be interviewed
after he ; had once retired for the night,
and he declined to say anything further.
AGUINALDO IS CAPTURED BY FUNSTON.
try at Peking.
Deadly "Work Done by a Germnn Sen-
PEKING. March 27.— A German gentry
has killed three Chinese in Legation
street, but as is usual in affairs of this
kind contradictory stories are told as to
the incidents leading up to the conflict.
KILLS THHEE CHINESE.
LONDON, March 27.— The Shanghai
correspondent of the Standard, wiriiur
yesterday, says: Officials here assert that
Count Lamsdorff, Russian Foreign Minis
ter, has accepted the plea of the Chinese
Minister in St. Petersburg that an im
perial edict prohibits the signing of the
Manehurian convention and that he has
granted a brief delay. China is reported
to be raising 50.000 new troops and to be
preparing to defend the Yangtze forts
fearing Russian reprisals.
Eight anti-Christian rioters have been
beheaded at Changsha in the province of
Hunan.
ehurian Treaty.
Russia Grants Brief Delay on Man-
CONVENTION NOT SIGNED.
Morgan's firm is one of the largest In
terested in the China trade in England.
His views, therefore, apart from his of
ficial position as British representative in
Korea, are of importance.
LONDON, March 27.— William Pritchardt
Morgan. M. P., British Consul General in
Korea, gave his views as follows:, "There
is a general Impression in the East that
if Russia encroaches on Korea Japan, for
her own protection, must necessarily con
test Russia's right. But I don-'t for a
moment think it likely that there will be
any friction between Russia and Japan
over Korea."
ests in th^ Far East. ¦
YOKOHAMA, Marfli 27.— At a meeting
of his parliamentary adherents to-day the
Premier, Marquis Ito, referring to foreign
politics, said Japan had attained 'a posi
tion enabling her to protect her legitimate
interests and to take whatever steps the
exigencies of the moment required. It
was iir.pcssible to deny that Japan feels
the influence of the complications connect
ed with her neighbor and she does not ig
nore the clouds on the horizon.
Says Japan Must Protect Her Inter-
ITO SEES DARK CLOUDS.
American. British and Japanese Govern
ments may have caused the Chinese Em
peror to delay authorizing the signature.
Negotiations for the settlement of the
Chinese • question are proceeding slowly
in Peking. This Government has taken a
decided stand against the proposal to en
tirely disarm China and prevent her from
ever again obtaining means for defense.
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
TV*., WASHINGTON. March 27.— Russia
has again formally disavowed any inten
tion to acquire Manchuria or other Chi
nese territory.
Count Cassini, the Russian Kmbassador,
has reiterated to Secretary Hay the as
surances heretofore given that if the ac
tion of other powers does not prevent it,
Russia will, as soon as peace and order
are restored in Manchuria, withdraw her
trocps. He has furthermore Informed Hay
that the convention which Russia has ne
gotiated with China specifically an
nounces that Russia proposes to restore
Manchuria to China Immediately upon the
return cf norrr.al conditions. The conven
,tion is solely for the purpose of facilitat
ing the restoration of order and the fu
ture protection of Russian rights, hereto
fore authorized by China.
These assurances have been received by
the administration with gratification and
have hwn accepted without reservation.
Whether they have likewise been made to
ether powers is unknown here, but even if
they have, the course Germany. Great
•Britain and Japan have pursued shows
coTiciuslvelylthiir the' answers would be
regarded with suspicion. Germany has
not objected m any way to the convention
arid as has been stated, it is feared sh«
Vilj use the, Manchurian convention «as a
pretext for- territorial " acquisition, and
<Jreat Britain and Japan have informed
the United States that they will regard
the signlrg of the convention as freeing
them from the obligations they assumed
to preserve the integrity of China.
In view, of the Russian purpose" to re
f-tore Manchuria to China, a diplomat paid
to-day that he did not Bee how the gov
ernments named could be absolved from
their solemn pledges to maintain the in
tegrity of the Chinese empire, and if they
extended their sovereignty over territory,
then, he said., they, could justly .be
*charg*»d ¦with bad faith.
No frerh representations regarding the
Russian convention have been made by
the United States, and it is not under
stood that any will be made. A member
of the Cabinet said to-day that the United
States is not concerned with the political
and territorial aspects of the Chinese sit
uation, but only with its commercial char
acter If China is dismembered, he said,
the United States will demand guarantees
from- th*> pcrwers acquiring territory that
the trade and treaty rights hitherto pos
sessed be continued and that no preferen
tial privileges be accorded the subjects
of nations dividing up the empire.
In view of the fact that no advices have
been received from either Peking or St.
Petersburg, the State Department does
r.ot believe the Manehurian convention
has been signed, but does believe that
this will be the outcome.
Groat Britain has made representations
to China' much on the line of the note of
Secretary Hay. and it is possible that the
rnnrnrrpTire of vipws on the TJaft Of the
mission of the delegation and assured
them that they -could rely upon him to
do all within his power to prevent any
action that would paralyze business. He
remarked, however, that he was disin
clined to hold a public conference with the
labor leaders. Indicating as a reason for
this action the belief that should a public
meeting between himself and the labor
LONDON. March 27.— Advices received
from Constantinople are to the effect that
affairs are rapidly reaching a dangerous
pass there. Turkish finances are in inex
tricable confusion. Government salaries
are from six to eight months' in arrears.
Upward of a million Turkish pounds are
due for war material, while the military
expenditure is daily increasing in order
to cope with the rebellion in the province
of Yemen, in Southern Arabia, and the
possible rising in Macedonia.
There is no doubt that the Ottoman
troops received a severe check at the
hands of the Arab Insurgents, who, in a
* . .-• - w '- -¦ -
MOORS WILLING
FOR CONFERENCE
Warship New York Will
. Not Threaten Ports of
the Sultan.
WASHINGTON. March 27.-Secretary
Long to-day cabled an order to Admiral
Rogers on board the cruiser New York
at Rangier to proceed at once with that
vessel to Manila. This is an abandonment
of the plan to have the New Tork convey
Consul General Gummere from Tangier to
Mazagan in the attempt to collect Ameri
can claims. It is the purpose of the State
I>epartment to endeavor to adjust these
claims and other outstanding issue.*
against Morocco without any show of
force and in the ordinary practice of di
plomacy.
It 1^ said that the United States Consul
General, who had conceived that obstacle*
were purposely placed in the way of his
access to the court, has received assur
ances that the actual reason for the de
parture of the court from Morocco was
to pay a long due visit to another section
of the country. It also was promised that
the court would return within a month or
six weeks and would /receive Mr. Gum
mere probably even at Mazagan, thus ob
viating the necessity on his part for an
overland journey to the capital.
In this view of the case, and the New
York being badly needed In the East to
take the Dlace of the Newark as a flag
*nip, it was decided to let the vessel pro
ceed at once on her voyage. Mr. Gum
mere probably will now enter into fre3h
communication with the Moorish Govern
ment to secure another appointment for a
meeting.
ST. PETERSBURG. Tuesday, March 23.
It Is reliably reported that at a Minis
terial committee meeting held In the pres
ence of Grand Duke Vladimir, command
er of the St. Petersburg garrison, the
proposal to place the capital under mar
tial law, should the indications presage
further difficulties, was heatedly debat
ed. M.de Witte, the Finance Minister, was
energetically opposed to the establish
ment of martial law owing to financial
reasons, not to mention the disastrous ef
fect Vhlch it would have upon industry,
commerce and the committee's standing
with foreign capitalists. The cemmitteo
accordingly sanctioned the issuing of a
circular, which has been issued by the
Ministry of the Interior. A Ministerial
conference has been called for Friday a*
Tsarskoe-Selo.
The examination of 13C0 political pris
oners is now being conducted in secret by
the police. Thirty-six prisoners who were
arrested as leaders of the students'move
ment before the last riots will probably
be released from custody to-morrow, and
will be excluded .from the university for
different periods.
It Is rumored from trustworthy sources
that the Government has decided to make
unofficial concessions to the students, and
accordingly the military regulations
against student agitators are, therefore,
set aside for the present, although there
will be no public announcement to this
effect for some time. The prisoners will not
be drafted Into the army. This is on© of
the results of the Ministerial meeting.
BERLIN, March 27.— The Vorwaerts
publishes "inside news" from Russia to
the effect that the number of students
enrolled in the army is still increasing,
and now exceeds 2000. According to the
same authority an ex-student named Pi
ratoff. who was enrolled, was executed
March 22 in KietT because of insubordina
tion, and two former students, Rybakoff
and Ianzetnik, will be tried for a similar
offense.
The Tageblatt's St. Petersburg corre
spondent says the recall of Count Mura
vienT-Amoursky, Russian millltary attache
at Paris, has been ordered an&that the
Russian Eemassador to Fraub Prlr.ce
OuroussofT, probably will s*9ni' be re
called. - - ' . - VfjF
Financial Reasons Operate
to Prevent the Reign •
of Soldiery.
manifesto denouncing the Sultan, pro
claimed his brother. Mohammed Resha
Effendt. to be Sultan, with the title of
Mohammed V. The younp Turks party
has adhered to the Arabian proclamation,
and the open enmity to Abdul Hamld. the
Sultan, has spread to the palace and the
Sultan's advisers.
Izzet Bey Is said to be preparing for
flight. The patrols of Constantinople
have been doubled. Mohammedans and
Christians are arrested hourly, and largs
numbers are daily shipped to Asia Minor.
The tension between Bulgarians and Mus
sulmans In Macedonia is extreme. It la
reported that another band of marauders
has crossed Bulgaria into Macedonia.
RUSSIANS TALK
OF MARTIAL LAW
New Disavowal Viewed With Suspicion by
Nations Eager to Begin the Partition
of the Celestial Empire.
RUSSIA'S ASSURANCES
REGARDING MANCHURIA
Finances of Turkish Government in a De
plorable State, and Guards Have to Be
Doubled in Constantinople.
REALM OF THE SULTAN
VERGING ON A CRISIS
THE. SAN FRANCISCO CALL; THURSDAY, MARCH 2S, 1901
LEADERS OF MINE WORKERS
TO MEET AND CONSIDER STRIKE
Meanwhile Pennsylvanians Headed by Father Phillips
Bring Pressure to Bear on J. P. Morgan.
Continued from Page One.
2
ADVESTISEMEirTS.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets. 25c *
One man with pen. ink and paper can
.produce a landscape, another man with
same pen and ink may not be able to
write his own name legibly. It Is all in
Knowing: how.
It is <=<jually true In th*» u?e of medi-
clnw The same remedies we have to-day
have existed lor thousands of years, but if
th?i- Existence was known the knowledge
of how to use them was- lacking..
; The*' became . valuable x to the human
race only when experiment ajid science
vhotred the way to use them to get re-
The rriP Is an old disease with a new
Tiame: it Is reaJly-cataurrhal In character
" ; &jid the usual symptoms are those of
acute catarrh, but the old-time catarrh
powders, salves and pprays do not cure it.
neither does the application of antiseptics
thremgh an Inhaler gi\e anything more
• than relief for a short time. -
The antiseptic* are all right; they will
4dil the germs of catarrh and grip-lf they
are applied rightly, but their local appli-
cation to the nose and throat avail little
because the germs are in the blood and
through the whole system. ,» •
: Stuart's Catarrh Tablets contain many
of these same antiseptics, that are used
ineprays and inhalers, but instead' of ap-
' plvlnR them to the inflamed membranes
of the nose and throat, they are taken
Into the stomach and thus reach the blood,
the real seat of the disease, and drive out
Jhe Infectious germs through the natural
channels of the bowels and kidneys.
-In other words Sttiarfs Catarrh Tablets
reach the cause of the mischief instead of
merely local symptoms.
. The remarkable success of these tablets
in curing grip, catarrh and throat and
lunp troubles, is because they drive the ca-
taxrhal poison from the system and the
nose and throat become clear of the ex-
cessive secretion of mucus, which causes
the hawking, spitting and gagging:, be-
cause the excretion is not supplied "from
healthy blood. £¦
Two years ago Stuart's Catarrh Tablets
were unknown, but to-day have become bo
popular through positive merit that drug-
gists everywhere in the United States,
Canada and Great Britain now sell them.
Makts Success or Failure.
It's the .Method Employed Which
IT IS THE WAY YOU USE IT.
UNREST ASTOU ft*PEJj§j]f
TheMorrow nv\
Coaster BraRe j J f y
Goanmeet yo» jlinlutt Cemfvrt \ r* [ Uj
*td PUmruri in Crriinr. Fit. lit iJL^OiS^xJ*
wheel- Your wtml »'w»vt under X3» K *£
control. Security oa liiils. A luxury )~ ll i
on the level. " \ nl -I
Tou Ride SO Miles, but JL^b^S
' Pedal only ZS Miles ; £«?[(§}
100.000 «a««irJ riders l»st vctr. VA E*h
Soldi by all desim . bectUt >>«. ll IT»
ECLtrSE IFC OO^ tlMlrm. 5. T. Eg. F*
Anutritious food I
The most concentrated form of nourishment for i
the strong*, weak, healthy, sick, old and young
Discovered by the emi nent Chemist, DR. SIEBOLD
Endorsed by the great Medical Authority. PROF. VIRCHOW,
cf Germany
PLASMON is the most digestible and nutritious food known
to medical - science.
PLASMON is a light powder made from fresh milk, and Is
albumen in its purest and most natural form.
PLASMON is a muscle building, nerve sustaining food,
\ easily digested and immediately assimilated by the i|
most delicate system. .. H
PLASMON/in | wasting diseases, chronic affections of the 0
stomach, intestines and liver, diabetes, brings rapid and H
permanent recovery. ' ||
PLASMON is perfectly soluble and may be mixed with any ||
other food or beverage. It is tasteless, but makes every If
dish palatable.. n
PLASMON has a higher food value than any other food;
added to other foods it . greatly enriches their nour-
ishment.
PLASMON may be used as a substitute for fresh meat and
eggs: It is* the cheapest form of pure nourishment
J 'known. One teaspoonful contains all the nourishment
of one-quarter pound of the best beef.
PllASMON is recommended by the world's greatest pliyrf-
cians for invalids and convalescents.
PLASMON is not a substitute. It is itself .Nature's nutriment |f
For Sale at Leading druggists and Grocers If
AMERICAN PLASMON SYNDICATE, Ltd.. NewVork |
Information cheerfully given at offices of Syndicate ||
204 Crocker Building, San Francisco pRain and Hail in Petaluma.
; OGDENSBURG, 5 N.v.Y;. , March ) 27.7-The
Spaulding-St.^ Lawrence 'Boat Company of
! Ogdensburgv- has '-received a"-? cablegram
from George, L.tWatson ordering a set of
• hollow spruce spars for Sir;. Thomas' Lip
ton's* challenging: yacht, ; Shamrock II.
American Spars Wanted.
After Oil Stock Jobbers.
SANTA CRUZ," March 27.^-United States
Revenue Officers. McCabe and Worth have
been making, things lively j among t local
men who were. Belling oil ; stock i without* a
license.. Several. were made to pay. the li
cense and $12 50 additional for not report
ing. ¦
of the station at Colfax. .,,-•¦•---> ¦
The car was standing on the sidetrack
at Towles, when its brake . became ; loose
and Jt started down the steep grade. Ef-;
forts to overtake it were unavailing. The
Southern Pacific filer and , the regular
overland were held at Colfax. word hav
ing come Just in time that the car, was
dashing down the mountain. . Through
Dutch Flat and Gold Run it went like the
wlnd.'ftEWaEBBtfMNdMBBSSBnBnBB* 1
Near Cape Horn a track rider, glancing
over his shoulder, saw the runaway al
most upon him. He - gave V a ; leap and
landed fifty feet down the mountain-side.
An instant later his velocipede was struck
and broken Into pieces. -The man was npt
Injured by his leap. From; the Gold? Run
bridge. to Colfax, a distance of. one! mile
and a half, it is up grade, but the mo
mentum of the car was so great : that it
did not stop until almost at the denot In
Colfax. Notwithstanding the . slackened
speed with which the car -ascended, this
grade the entire run was made in' thirteen
minutes.-'
Fractures All Records for the : Run
Between Towles Station and
. Coif ax.
GRASS VALLEY. March 27.— A runaway
car on the Southern Pacific this afternoon
sped from Towles Station, to Coif ax, a dis
tance of sixteen miles, in thirteei) min
utes, caused, a temporary, delay, in traffic
while it held" right of way of the track,
smashed a railroad velocipede, into splin
ters and came to a stop within a few feet
RUN AWAY CAB DASHES . '
DOWN A STEEP GRADE
of Hanford last night opened bids for, this
city's new sewer, system and the contract
was awarded ' to* W. D. ; Trewhitt. a local
* for $16,200.^ There ' were two
bids 1 lower than Trewhitt's, ' both ., from
San Francisco.. "W. M. Heaply's bid. was
J15.468, and Williams, Belzer & Co/s'.was
»i5 .487.^MiMiji wMimi iwvsmii' i tfjiaiiiij in jiiaCi t^fetfwaiamB
W. -M. 'Heaply, who put In ' the Jo-west
bid, was present- at the -meeting. .While
the iblds were being opened,., one of the
other : bidders, William Wallace of < Han
.ford,' charged Heaply- with not being a
responsible person. The board ' rejected
Heaply's bid,: and on the minutes the rea
son given was that he was not a respon
sible i person. • Both [ Heaply and the . Will- ;
iams-Belzer,: Company refused to "take
back I their , certified ~. checks and protested
against the board awarding the contract
to Trewhitt. - No notice was taken of their
protest; .i^sBBtBBVCBMMilRHB^P^SSTC
To-day " they \ employed Attorney ¦ Frank
iShort- of Fresno, who.', will .bring • suit
against: the board ", to compel it ;to. read
.vertlse .for, bids,* and • Heaply i will 1 bring
sul t i against' the ; board for; defamation • of
.character... - .„: ' -'- -^BHHWiafHWWHfl/JI 1 1 Jiffi
CONTRACTORS WILL SITE
- HANFORiyS CITY COUNCIL
Legal Strife Results From, the Letting
of .the Contract for a Sewer
System.
HANFORD. March 27.— The City Council
For the last month gossip has been rife
and after the scene at the house on St.
Patrick's morning a -suit for divorce has
been expected daily.
The McHenry's were married in March,
18S6. Mrs. McHenry . was Miss Louise
Bilicke. daughter of the Los Angeles hotel
man; the groom was rlcl>and well known
and everything augured well for a happy
union. There are three children— Robert
A. McHenry, aped 13: Albert H. McHenry.
aged -¦ 12, and Ora -Louise McHenry, aged
9. Mrs. McHenry is now llvlnsr a.t the
McHenry home in' Modesto: her husband
is living on his ranch, known as the Bald
Eagle ranch, six miles out of the town.
Though the lawyers are reticent it is cer
tain that there will be no -reconciliation;
that Mrs. McHenry rvill continue to-ilvo
In the town house, and that ehe will havo
with -her the three children.- Ample pro
vision for: her and the children will be
made. - property ¦¦ will be -, settled upon her
and the -great divorce case of -which so
much was expected will not come off.
jection on that score.
Then there is more about how Mrs. Mc-
Henry was shadowed by detectives put
on her trail, she says, by her husband:
how she was . frequently told she could
go out on the strsct and shift for herself,
and how she was kept reminded of tho
fact-,that the.housa she lived In was not
hers, even to the extent of a "board or
nail." And all this time her. friends keut
her posted on the connr.gs and goings of
McHenry. an J the latest things tho town
was saylnsr of the. whole affair.
All these escapades came to Harht in
1900, but they wer» kvjpt in the background
until the people of Modesto began to talk.
no difference nor did it lessen tho objec
tion of Mrs. McHenry. .
-There was trouble caused by the fond
ness of McHenry for the society of a
young and pretty governess who used to
teach his three children and it wound up
in an invitation to the governess to seek
employment ! elsewhere. There were- tales
of a ¦ trir> to the mountains, by a party
composed of McHenry, his two boys anil 5
the boys' "aunt," who had come out from
Boston to care for them unon tho death
of their mother. At the time Mrs. Mc-
Henry was alive and well and living in
Modesto.' and it was t'- - !s ¦which finally
led to the vacancy in the position of
governess to the. small McHenrys. Thpre
was another time, too. which Mrs. Mo-
Henry recalls, when her husband returne-1
from a trip. to the East, whither he had
taken the two boys. The three came bacn
to San Francisco, where they remained
over, and the boys brought home the fact
that they had met tho pretty governess
in San Francisco. And not onlv ¦was <t!ie
fact of the meeting Drought home, but
the governess as well, and it was. only
after Mrs. McHenry threatened to call
¦ the police that there was again a vacancy
in the educational deoartment of the Mo
Henry household.
And there was another— the wife of an
employe — who, with her husband, sudden
ly left, for Europe and did the "grand
tour." although - the ; only Income of : th3
family was the- monthly wage which the
husband was earning— or.e not more than
enough to live on much less to take two'
travelers to Europe.- . Mfs. McHenry con
ceived the idea that her husband was pay-
Ing for the "tour" and she mado more ob-
SOME OF THE ACTORS ANDjSOME OF THE INCIDENTS "WHICH LED^
THE MeHENRYS OF MODESTO NEARLY INTO THE DIVORCE
COURTS AND THEN INTO AN AGREEMENT.
It was of her husband's love affairs,
however, that Mrs. McHenry had most
complaint. He was of a keenly susceptible
nature, and. according to her story, the
year 1900 was a bad ; one for him. Mrs.
McHenry had particular objection to her
husband's aunt, Mrs. Gussle Hewett.who
is described as "young and comely," and
she made strenuous objection to Mc-
Henry's evident preference for the society
of his prepossessing relative. Mrs. Hewett
lives in Stockton, but the distance made
In the meantime the complaint for di
vorce had been drawn up by Mrs. Mc-
Henry's attorney and had the settlement
not been arrived at it would have been
filed to-day. It told a tale of woe that
would have won a divorce for any one,
and. in the number and variety of the
co-respondents, was a curiosity in its
way. It told of cruelty and threats and
vile epithets and concluded with an ac
count of what happened last St. Patrick's
day.
•v It seems that McHenry returned from
a* trip to Arizona on March 17 and arrived
at his home* in Modesto about 5 in the
morning, where he proceeded to awaken
the household. How he did it forms an
interesting chapter, and he concluded by
driving away the hired man, the horse
and buggy, and the new governess-who
was teaching the children.. Then he got
an ax and proceeded to demolish a few of
the doors. He finally drew a revolver and
threatened to shoot "some one," and
caused a good deal of excitement to the
household generally. i~J9Hi38tt*flaBi3O8a» r 3
The complaint; which was made ready for
filing, contained pages . of typewritten
matter that would have supplied food for'
small .talk at afternoon teas for a year
and a half, and the allegations made
showed a willingness on the part of Mrs.
McHenry to prove that her husband was
a gay Lothario of the first rank. Tbe
terms of the compromise have been kept
strictly secret, but it is certain that Mc-
Henry did not. set oft with anything under
$100,000. He has seven good jj figures to
draw upon and the report around Modesto
Is that Mrs. McHenry agreed to be satis
fled with $200,000 and the town house which
was deeded to McHenry by his mother.
She probably did not get such an amount,
but it is equally certain that she will not
emerge from the settlement without a
bank balance that will last her for the
rest of her days.
The agreement to effect a settlement
without recourse to a suit was reached
last night after a long conference, between
Frank M. Stone, attorney for Mrs. Mc-
Henry: her brother, who had come up
from Los Angeles for the purpose; J. L.
Fulkreth, attorney for McHenry, and Mc-
Henry himself.
KAPA. March 27.— Dr. C. H. Farman.
who was fined $100 by Justice Caldwell for
attempting to wreck the barroen* at
tached to th»* Revere House in thirxlty
last month, has appealed his case to the
Suntrior Court of Napa County. It was
ffi fr.r hearing on April 9. Judge
Buckles of Solano County probably will
'pass upon the case. Farman is <Jut on a
, bend of $200.
Dr. Fannan Appeals.
To-day A. Timm came to Antioch and
repr.ted the finding of their boat. cap-
Fired and drifting in the tules. Constable
Sweeney went .»ver to the dredger to
learn if they had arrived at their dr r s-
Unation. but tho men had not appeared,
ftnd it is reasonably certain they were
drowned.
ANTIOCH, March 27.— James McQuade
of Anticch, George ghay of Stockton and
Andrew Hanson of Bio Vista are believed
to have been (Irownfil on Monday night
TThile attempting to «-eturn to the dredger
Atla?. which is lying in Mayberry Slouxh
and on which they were employed. They
had been in Antioch Saturday un
«ler the influence of liguor. They left An
tloeh about 8 o'clock on Monday night
to return to the dredcer.
¦ Lives ia a Slough Near
Antioch.
Employes cf a Dredger Lose Their
CAPSIZED BOAT TELLS
FATE OF THREE MEN
SEATTLE. March 27.-1%*. H. .Watkins.
a well-to-do baker of New "Whatcom.
Wash., has eoM his business and all his
property and has given the proceeds, to
p*>ther with his lifetime savings.- to Shiloh
whloh has for Its object the train
ing of people "'how to better serve the
Lord." With his wife and four children
he has gone to Shiloh, Me., to enter the
eoTIejre
Persons entering this institution must
flispof* 1 of all !!Hr worldly possessions
mid give th«* proceeds either to the col-
Uge or to the poor. Its graduates are
missionaries, who go wherever they are
<«lled. following strictly the biblical in
junction of "taking no heed of the mor
row" so far as the world's goods are con
t<T.rn*d. but depending entirely upon tho
charity of strangers.
Watkins Is GO years of age and was pos-
Bessed of about tw>?.
New WTiatccin Baker and His Entire
Family Will Enter Shiloh
College.
The knife inflicted a severe wound, the
out exteiidini? from the right temple to a
point n»*ar thr> mouth, severing the lid of
fire of Meyers' ryes. The cause of the at
tack is either rr known to the police or
th«"y Ere withholding it.
GIVES A LIFERS SAVINGS
TO THE LORD'S SERVICE
Meyers fell to the sidewalk and Doney
jrrappie<l with the would-be murderer.
They struggled until Hart succeeded in
pettinpr away and escaping in the dark
ness. Tho affair was reported to the po
lice and Hart was arrested this afternoon.
SEATTLE, March 27.— A deliberate at
tempt at murder occurred *at an early
hour this morciing on the sidewalk in
front of the Oxfprd lodging house on
Fourth avenue, between Terrace and Jef
ferson streets. J. L. Hart, aged 22, way
laid Eugene Meyers of 414 Fourth aver.ue.
and as= Meyers stepped from a hack Hart
made a savage slash at him with a kiiife.
Hack Driver J. E. Doney. upon seeing
Hart fprir.g from the doorway of a house
with the o:*>n knife in his hand, jumped
to the s'dfwaik and tried to prevent the
futting, but Hart slashed Meyers in the
face with the knife before Doney could
check him.
Grievous Wound at the Hands
of J. I.. Hart.
Xugene Meyers of Siattle Receives a
WAYLAID BY FOE AND
SI^SHED WITH KNIPE
County, this morning. In April. 1900,
Forbes married Miss Edith Bailey of Oak
dale at San Jose. Forbes, -who was a re
cent arrival from the East, represented
himself as a single man. It is now claimed
that he had at that time a wife living
in Ottawa. Canada, to whom he was mar
ried in 1S33 and from whom he had never
been divorced. Forbes claimed after his
arrest that he had been divorced from his
wife in Canada, but his statement is, de
nied in letters from her and the officiat
ing minister.
Forbes will be given a preliminary ex
amination on the charge of| bigamy at
Groveland next Friday.
Invitation on Silver Plate.
LOS ANGELES, March 27.-Rosecrans
Camp No. 2. California Sons of Veterans,
has prepared a costly and unique Invita
tion car which will be sent to President
McKinley, inviting him to be the guest
of Rosecrans Camp at the fifteenth an
nual State encampment to .be held in Los
Angeles May 7 and 8. The invitation is
engraved upon a solid silver plate, meas
uring 3& by 6 inches, and encased in a
satln-llned box of polished orange wood.
Weds an Oakdab Miss and Is Ac
cused of Having 1 a Wife in
Canada.
MODESTO. March 27.-W. W. Forbes
was arrested at Big Oak Flat, Tuolumne
BIG OAZ FLAT BESIDENT
CHABGED WITH BIGAMY
and J. H. Underhlll overhauled an aged
woman who had started to cross the des
ert on foot this morning and brought her
back to town. She is now under guard
awaiting advices from relatives. She wag
a passenger on the southbound Santa Fc
train, bound for Benson. Ariz., and when
the train stopped for breakfast at Mojave
at S:30 she alighted. Dcsoito the attempts
of the Pullman conductor and oorter the
woman could not be induced to re-ent«r
the car. She refused to talk an<l It waa
several hou^s before it was found who
she was.
A note to all Southerr. Pacific conduct
ors introduced- her a» 3>Jrs. Ellen Covlfl
and was signed "J. D. Fish, agent at
Stockton." Mr. Fish was communicated
with and replied that he had notified ho.'
brother and son and the railroad officials
by- wire and their action is now a\vait<-<l.
The woman is harmless but is evidently
demented.
Aged Passenger Leaves Santa . Fa
Train and Starts Across the
Desert.
MOJAVE, March 27.— Constable Thnsh
DE3IENTED WOMAN IN , '
CUSTODY AT MOJAVE
Miner Claims He Will At
tempt.
VICTORIA, B. C. March 27.-Around
the world in an Indian war canoe — that
is the strange voyage projected by Frank
Saxby, a miner and former newspaper
man of Chemainus. who is here complet
ing arrangements for the trip. He has
bought an Indian canoe from the Slwashes
at Clayoquot on ihe west coast and is
having it decked over and fitted with
water-tight compartments after the man
ner of lifeboats. "When completed in about
five weeks, he says, the vessel will be
so secure that it will be Impossible to
swamp it. Three mabts are being placed
in the canoe and ii will be rigged fore
and aft. It will be brought to Victoria,
whence the start is to be made six weeks
hence.
From Victoria Saxby and a companion,
whose name h<? will no: give, intend to
proceed to Hongkong by the southern
route, going first to Honolulu and thence
across the Pacific, calling at Guam, the
Philippines and Japan. From Hongkong
it is their intention to proceed down the
China coast to tho Straits Settlements
and on down to tho Australian colonies,
then through the .southern seas to the
west coast of South America, to Africa
and ultimately to London.
The outfit to be t^ken will include a
picture-making apparatus, and photo
graphs will be taken and rulers and prom
inent men interviewed at all points, the
pictures and Interview* to be collected for
a series of lectures and for articles for
periodicals and ne~spapers. Ultimately
a book will be published. The canoe Is
but thirty-eight feet long and is a typical
Indian war canoe.
Perilous Voyage Which a Northern
ABOUND THE WORLD
IN AN INDIAN CANOE
SAX AXDREAS. March 27 —George War
ner and J."H. Rule of Paloma were ar
rested this morning a? they came off the
shift at the Gwyn sold mine and charged
with having taken ora from the 1100-foot
level. Hunters had reoortcd to the su
perintendent that ore was being worked
in the hills a mile from the mining prop
erty. Investigation proved that it was
Gwyn rock and a watch was kept. Yes
terday Warner and Rule went to the spot
and were seen at work. Both 'were taken
into custody this morning by Officers Mc-
Sorley and Kaiser.
Both admitted their guilt. Warren
boasted he had practiced this eame at
every mine he worked m: that his wages
wort- a .small item to what he could make
by taking ore and reducing it. A com
plete outfit of tools necessary to working
the rock was found. Warner sent samples
of the rock to Denver and it assayed $4000
per ton. In Rule's house was found a. sack
of sulphurets weighing iifty-flve poun-'ls.
Warner was to have lett to-dav with thi.i
sack of ore in a trunk. The free gold
panninsrs have not been found.
Rule is a man of family and had been
employed four years about the mln*.
Irately his wages were increased by the
Gwyn people in p.ppreciatlon of his good
service. Warner is in in* County Jail to
night. Rule was released on bonds. Tho
preliminary hearing will take place thl3
week before Judge Burce.
five Pounds Is Found in the
• Home of One of the
• Home of One of the
Culprits.
Eprclal Dispatch to The Call.
Sack of Sulphurets Weighing Fifty-
Two Thieves Are Caught
With Their Plunder Near
San Andreas.
STEAL RICH ORE
FROM GOLD MINE
Obirpo counties.
citizens have boe.n discussing the boom
that is exacted to result from a strike
that has Ix-en made in the San Ardo oil
fields. Karly this morning a report
report reached Salinas that a big oil
pusher had been Etruck on th© Tomboy
claim at San Ardo. about eixty-five miles
Fouthwest of Salinas. Full details are
lacking, but it Is said that there is a
Bteauy flow of oil from the well, spouting
out in tsuch volumo that it has not yet
boon pot under control. • The strike was
mad<- at a depth of 1140 feet.
Boring for oil in the San Ardo district
began only last fall and the drills of the
Torribov Company were the first to pass
the 1000-loot limit. There are five com
panies operating In that vicinity and from
the outset the outlook has been favorable.
The drills of two* of the companies— the
Tomboy and the Monterey — had encoun
tered oil at depths of id) and 930 feet. re>
Fpectively.-and apparently it was only a
question of time when they would pene
trate lanre underground streams. When
the report was r<-ceived this morning: that
a snsher had been struck there was a.
rush for the scene. It was said that bo
fore night threo saloons had been opened
at San Ardo.
Simultaneously with the encouraging:
r.ews from £an Ardo came the report that
almost at the same hour oil liad been
struck in a well on the northern boundary
of San Lui? Obispo County. The extent
Of the etrike could not be leajr.ed.
These discoveries bear out the claims
of oil experts, who have asserted that
Monterey County overlies one of the
richest oil district beds in California, and
residents are looking forward to a. boom
*uch as has prevailed in the San Joaquin
Valley oil fields. In the past two months
San Francisco capitalists have been quiet
ly taking: up the available land in South
ern Monterey and Northern San Luis
Gusher Spouting on a Claim
in Southern Monterey
County.
Simultaneously Comes News That
Drills Have Encountered a Flow
Across the San Luis Obispo
Boundary.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
V SALINAS. March 27.— Excitement Is at
fever heat in Salinas and all day long
BIG OIL STRIKE
AT SAN ARDO
MeHENRYS TO SETTLE THEIR
WARS WITHOUT THE COURTS
Tales of Gay Escapades and Gallantry Headed Off by a
Property Agreement and a Compromise.
MUMMY AS HERO
IN CLEVER FARCE
Stanford Juniors Will Re
store Rameses of "Egypt
to Life.
Comical Theatricals to Open tb.3
IVestivities of the Univer
sity's Second Class-
Special Dispatch to Th» Call.
STANFORD. March 27— Th© festivities
of the Junior class will commence to-mor
row night with the presentation of a,
clever farce. "Driven Back to Kgypt."
Ttrltten by Larry Bowman '01 and Bria
tow Adams 'OL The plot of the play is as
follows:
Harry Allen, a Stanford undergraduate,
who has been leading a "strenuous" life,
has been discovered decorating some
sphinx with green paint by an elderly gen- i
tlernan, whom he supposed to be a ;
wealthy uncle. Discovering that Profes
sor Palmer, an eminent Egyptologist, Is
about to resuscitate a mummy, Allen re
solves to impersonate the mummy and is
accordingly brought to life with due cere
mony by Palmer and his colleague. Pro
fessor Gormley. I
Fred Bleeker. a supposed friend of Al
len, has been making love to Clara
Palmer, Allen's sweetheart, and takes
advantage of his friend's supposed ab
sence to press his suit. After many
vicissitudes Rameses, the resuscitated
mummy, commits suicide in a very novel
manner and comes back as Allen In the
third acz. The supposed uncle Is dis
covered to be a visiting professor and the
perfidious Bleeker is forced to content
himself with a charming pupil of the
Santa Rosa Seminary, while Allen is ac
cepted by Miss Palmer. The professors
are heartbroken over . the death of
Rameses, but console themselves with the
thought of resuscitating an Egyptian
Princess, while Tim Gohegan, a, dime
museum manager, who has contracted to
exhibit the sacred person of Rameses, is
forced to seek greener fields and pastures
new. . ...* ..-.-;,
EDITOR COPP IS REMOVED.
The cast of characters follows:
Harry Allen, Kameses, King of Egypt, a
'senior who may graduate J. K. Bonnal!
Fred Bleeker, a member of Swords and
Sandals A. C. Ryan
Prof. Palmer, who resuscitates. ,.C. M. Bradley
Prof. Gormer, who shares the profits
Eugrene Warren
Tim Gohepan, manager cf dime museum....
..'.".: P. F. Xancle
Percy Allen, real uncle Ray Thompson
Philip S. Almes. supposed uncle. ... ; F. A. Ford
Franklin, photographer L». F. Roseberry
Matiumola Jap O. O. Sobey
Rameses White, an aged black.. Bristow Adams
Clara Palmer {.Miss Claire Soule
Mrs P. 8. Almes Miss Marie Kidder
Elaine and Vlvlenne. two seminary jrlrls..
..Miss Emmobel Zucker, Miss Bertha Shaw
Friday will be junior day and will be
celebrated by holding the interclass . field
day in the morning. In the afternoon
the varsity and Santa Clara College ball
teams will crosa bats on the campus.
The" Junior "prom." the swell social
event of the year, will occur In the even
ing. . .
Prints Liquor Advertisements in tho
Daily Palo Alto.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, March 27.—
•Uecause he printed advertisements of
liquor houses asrainst the decree of the
faculty, Arthur J. Copp '02 has "been re
moved from his position as manager of
the Dally Palo Alto.
The members, of the faculty committee
are determined that the columns of the
college dally shall be free from all sug
gestion of intoxicants and made the rule
some months ago that their publication
should cease. Manager Copp claims that
the notices he published refer^to ,"cafes"*
only and that without the revenue accru
ing from' their publication the paper will
not be self-supporting. His successor
will bo appointed by the student executive
committee.
SAYS HE WAS ADVISED
¦.V TO ZUL THE EDITOR
Sheriff Mansfield's Closing 1 Testimony
in His Action for
SAN JOSE. March 27.— Sheriff Mansfield
was the la^ witness in his $10,000 damage
suit against Editor O'Keefe of the Red
wood City Times-Gazette, and argument
¦will commence to-morrow. The Sheriff
was on the stand • all the forenoon and
was examined «Iong lines already gone
over." Mansfield said many persons had
advised him. to kill O'Keefe for publish
ing the alleged Ilbelous article jmd others
suggested that he "beat O'Keefe's head
off." Ho had refrained from doing either
and^brought the damage suit. The wit
ness declared he had co-operated with the
District Attorney to tho best of his ability
in the prosecution of Desirello. To-mor
row Attorney Highton will open the argu
ment for the plaintiff.
MANY MEN OF NOTE
WILL SIT AT BANQUET
San Jose Enlarges the Scope of the
Festivities Over Coast Road's
Completion.
SAX JOSE. March 21.— The scope of the
banquet to be given next Monday night
in celebration of the opening of the coast
road has been extended, and invitations
have been sent to prominent personages
all over the State. These Include the
Mayors of all the cities south of her* on
the line and the officials of the bay cities.
Governor Gag-e tnd fcsenator Perkins are
included. While President Hays of the
Southern Pacific has sent his resrreta, as
he could not be present, all the other of
ficials of the railroad will be In attend
ance. The event will be the most repre
sentative gathering of business men ever
held here.
Grand Parlor Delegates.
SANTA CRUZ. March 27.— Santa Cruz
Parlor. No. 90, Native Sens of the Golden
"West, has elected District Attorney
Knight, Sheriff Besse and Dr. "W. K. Ltn
scott as delegates to the Grand Parlor.
THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MAKGH 28, 1901.
And If it had ever gone as far as the
courts it would have made a racy case.
and amicably; and thereby have
taken from the gossips of Stanislaus
County a choice morsel. The settlement
has just been made, and it was arrived at
only after much conferring on the part
of both sides, but it came perilously near
a divorce suit before the case was called
off. •
• - / .
MODESTO. March 71.— The Me
Henrys of Modesto have agreed '
to disagree, not with the aid of
the divorce court, but quietly
P»:
3
PETALUMA.rr March V 27.— Heavy ::: rain,
withhail; began here: to-rilght.' It is; of
benefit to ¦ fruit : and . pasturage.
6trengtbens the weakened nerves, rests the tired brain,
rlvea rest to the appetite and puts new vim and vigor
Into the whole system, Begin to-day to get new life.
6old b7 druzzists on miarantee. "Dn. Miles Medical Co.. Elkhart. Ind.
Is in the nervous system, the most delicate and important
part of the whole body. When the nerves become weakened or
diseased, the head aches, the circulation is retarded and the
digestion is deranged. Little things irritate the temper and worry
the mind, which only aggravates the disease until the whole sys-
tem breaks down, and nervous prostration is followed by insanity
or death. Strengthen and build up the nerves and stop this
downward course before it is too late. %
" My trouble began with aching pains in my arms and
legs, headache, indfgestion, constipation and palpitation
of heart until I becamo eo nervous and run-down that I
could not find relief until I commenced takiSg Dr. Miles'
Uervine. It gave, mo wonderful relief, and finally re-
stored my health, for which I am very thankful."
Sajtoei. Hakmax, Crystal, Mich.
fix-of^f 4? &^\ A & fl &
Not Having a Removal Sale I
OUR CARPET DEPARTMENT
Which has been for many years a part of
the California Furniture Company,
WiH Remain
At the Old Stand.
We can sell at the
Lowest Possible Prices.
Because we are the LARGEST DEAL-
ERS in Bigelow Axminsters (all oar
own private designs), and in all grades
of Carpets, Rugs, Mattings. Lino-
'cums. etc.
Before purchasing call and inspect oar
immense stock. Estimates furnished.
ackermaTs kop,
Exclusive Carpeters.
Starr-King Building, 123 Geary Street.
I fcgyt',HWL . .7 !: -jftdEtfroKrH I
1 BSSgla^ ••/ *\ j^faiEJgrfi 1
\
IWI In II
Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
»Gr»n-«oi-»ent"tf!8«olTe«Strf«tnT«J1fc« «n<»w b»-
nnth the .on, reduce* Enlarged ProjtatB mam
»tron«t hen» lb« Seminal Ducts, atoppla* i>raln» mmd
Emissions la Fifteen Mnj%. ,
No druci to rain the •tomach, bott direct lofltf
»nd positive application tottaeentlranratbra) tnci
Graa-SolTvnt Is not a liquid. It U preparwl il»
(be form Of Crayon* or Pencils, smooth and flaxlbt*
tad so sarrow as to pass tbe closest Stricture. ¦
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tb« 8V. JimM Assn-Box XX Cincinnati, O- ha*
¦mared ml *r»at expense an exhaust- PHf>*i|
KeUlastrmiert TroaUse upon tbe male LULLI
H7item. which IW wlU tend WMJrnLLl
male applicant. ¦ .¦¦¦¦¦• ¦
M. JA31C3 A33IS., Cincinnati, Ohio,
! one pi i ore
; /^S^^g^ bottle LUnto
! / *lill MCBURNEY'8
if \ zjfV A 1110700(11 core Iw 1
R\ it pains in tha back,
VJ A. BRICHT'S DISEASE.
_^5n. 34 rj female trouble*, lncoa*
tioaaceof oxlne. bride dnst deposits, bed-
wetttng of children, rrayel, gal] ftQOML
dropsy, diabetes, and rheumatism.
FOR SALE AT
No Percentage Dnw Co.. 949-951 Market
st.; Dahlbender Drag Co.. '214 Kearny st.
Send 25c In 2c stamps to W. F. McBurney,
418 S. Spring- «t.. Los Angeles, Cal.. for 3
days* treatment. Prepaid U 50. Druggists.
Dfl.MEYERS&CO. jg@*%
ease and Weakness . 2Bw .„ jffo
Hshed 1SS1. Consul- WJW 335*^^
tation and private. \3t> t I i-l|
book free, at ofllce |¥M
Market street tele- ,j^jW&»frfp
? g^«^BV^'^BV^BV^BV < *'^BV^BV^aV«*V^MB^ .
A visit OR- JORDAN'S smat
{MUSEUM OF IHATOMY
\ Qr The L»rs[ nt Aaatoaical Mama la the
§ r«Jr i Worm ttckkMuas or any contracted
7 |€slUa diKlMpvslUwelrwmaibytheoldea
3> #55 ill bpeasilstcathvCosafc Bat^yasfa.
£ &W*& C2. JORBAH-PSrt ATE DISEASES
\ y (SwS) 3 l<K>«»lt«rtcm ft-e and ftrktlj prtrsss.
3 & j5%T m p«rjon«!ly or by letter. A
\ fl ff «3 %3 f<*tnt CW.lneirtrycweuodtrUito. .'
A r U \\ B» Wntefer Book, r ttlLO*Oi>aiV *f S
r i u [\'i HAnaiACK, MAirao r^u. tA
X i\ It' »«luaale book fo€ ari) ¦
7 OR JOEDAN A C«>.. Kttt Jasrkat St.. a I".
$10^^ RUPTURE CURED
•<,,i;i^2^%^t//. for TEM DOLLARS,
*<*f 'j s^m^^^rS^' jJ 'i Thousanda hare hern rurM
- at their own borne* (or this
f ? J^&*i3f*M*«?^>S^*5?j araall price, (irentest In-
Vf^^^SF^^Si' ?«tioiiof tbe Age. Seenr-
ltyarKlromforttothernn-
•fe^Z?~s *~\-±±'Z-~-. tared. No worthless ulrr*
,^*» ¦¦'¦""vT i/ii 1 ?-* 8 *** or lotions to ru>> on. ltdoes
ViV **=^B3»a) the work. In»e»Ug«le!
"Bo.kl»,1^ t" gtrmK fnU infonnatton tnailmt. lramedi- .
• %tely on receipt 2c. tumi) and this adit. Call or address
¦ABiniC TBQ5S CO. «- r « "«¦"'•» »'"*•• SAM FBAICUO.
JP^d&E25B9&**t ff BI * !° '".* non-potoopoaa
4trjBS%PBV i ' irl^i& r«aiedj for Uonorrhosa.
Oleet, Spermamrrbaa,
MSIBW Ialto5la7«.^3 Whits', nnnatarsl dl>
BSfS OunatM4 M chargt . or say infLwnrn*-
B4a>« sot ts itrUtar*. tion. i ritation or nicer*-
B*" 'MP wtau totmna. tion t in n c o a ¦ mem-
JT»>VheEymsChemh;uCo. b »nes. Non-aatrinient.
u< by expreM, prepaid. ft>»
' J. 1 - 00 - , or 3 »ottla«. S3.75.
*¦ -- :olar sent oa reqisak
fry* r '^ 1 1 1 i i mil w^ z *5\
i MARKFT ST. S F >aa|Sy
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pries Lists Maiiai
on Application.
COAL. COKE AND PIQ 1R3X
Jf nil QflV .' rfi * 00 Battery Street.
•L- WlLSUil U CU-. Telephone Main 1M4.
COPPERSMITH. #
CW - CMITH Ship I'lumblng. Steamboat snd
- n* villlllli Ship Work a specialty. 1« and
IS Wasbtnrton st. Telephone Main C441.
FRESH AXD SALT MEATS.
fit RfiVF^ & Til £h'PP»»K. Butcher*. UH
J A J- EU lCjQ WU- clay. Tel. Main 1234.
_^ OILS. ~
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
• : 413 Front »t.. S. F. Pbone Main 1719.
E. Xr Mfm^^lsS^R a. r.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JX7DD CO..* ¦&&&&— WBB&Bi
; 23 First Street. San Fraaelsco.
STATIONER AND PRINTBR. ?
108 Callforn'a PlDTVITMlP 'Teleiraphto !-
¦ Street. raKlAlUUC Codes. ,;
A COMPLETE CHANGE! "~ \. 7
HggBggjiglp-H 694 Euclid Are., Cleveland, O.,
Warnef$ Safe Cure COm Deo. 31,1900. ;-
Gentlemen: Before try-
insr your medicine, I 0 ** 0^
suffered frequently >< *>^^Sk.
with biliousness, -.
accompanied j^^ «»x Nw%w
-^^a^^ 1^ Wood i« in flue con-
dltion, my nerves steady,
: and my beadacfc*n completely
¦ g*me.'5 1 am Indeed most grateful to have novn
1 of your ¦wonderful medicine, and I gladly give It
. due praise. Yours respectfully.".
Pr«u«.t.ohi.stu.T>»Td-CM>.: MRS.H. PETTIBOyE.
ADVERTISEMENTS.James and Cartwright Lose to the
Coast Champion in an Excit
ing Contest.
HAMPTON OUTCLASSES
1 TWO CLEVER PLAYEBS
D. R. Hanna. Senator Hanna's son. who
has been practically at the head of the
firm of M. A. Hanna & Co. during the
past year, bas b«*ri In New York for more
than a week, and It Is expected that offi
cial announcement as to who will have
charge of the United States 8teel Cor
poration's mining and transportation In
terests on the lakes will be made In a
few days.
The representatives of the Carnegie
Company have been given charge of the
steel end of the Morgan corporation, and
it Is not likely. It is claimed, that the
lake and pre interests will be secured by
the same people.
All the parties interested, including the
Bessemer Steamship Company (Rocke
feller), Pittsburff Steamship Company
(Carnegie), Pickans. Mather & Co. and M.
A. Hanna. & Co.. have had representa
tives in New York since th« early part
of last week. It was expected that the
matter would be lined up March 20. the
date announced for turning the stock of
the different concerns over to the bis
corporation, but It was delayed and has
not been definitely settled.
Senator llanna. who has had several
conferences with J. P. Morgan of the
United States Steel Corporation at New
York and 'Washington during the past
week, is after r.icr game, and If he lands
the prize he is after. M. A. Harm* & Co.
will be the lake and mining: representa
tives of Morgan's bis corporation.*
CLEVELAND. March 27.— The Plain
Dealer to-morrow will say:
Senator's Firm May Handle
the Steel Trust's Lake
Business.
HANNA SEEKS
MORGAN'S FAVOR
The average of wiuowcrs when remar
rying Is 42; of widow* 3L t *
Playing cards, poker chips, crib boards;
dice and tally cards. The very best "as
sortment and the lowest 1 prices. For sale
In-Leather Goods Departments Sanborn*
Vail & Co.r 741 Market; street. • .
CHICAGO, March 27.— "Sando*v" Mertes
of the Chicago National 'League team
eigned a contract to-day to " play second
base the coming season with the. Chicago
American Leacue team.
Mertes Jumps.
EL. Raphael, who keeps a saloon near
the j Presidio in '- which v the * soldiers ' give
over hard-earned I money; for vile | liquors,
was : arrested last night and charged with
keeping a gambling-house. His saloon was
visited- by Chief Sullivan \ and Captain
Wlttman at a late hour, and plenty of evi
dence was found on which ¦ to base the
rhargajWg^|^W^^j^q|^MMMgmtt8fgafl
Presidio Saloonkeeper in Jail.
LITTLE ROCK. March 27.— Tho racing
to-day resulted as follows:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Alb«rt
Dale won, . Charles Daniels second. Fleche d'Or
third. Time. l:10U.
..Second: race. "half mile, selling;— Varner won
Follov second. Tetta P third. Time, :5l'A. ',
, Third race. ¦ seven furlong's, selling— Cogswell
won, . Elsie ¦ Dell second. Morris Vomer third
Time. 1:31%. " «»ra.
-Fourth race, one mile.' handicap— J. h. Sloan
won. 'Lady Strathmore second, Tuskarosa
third. Time, 1:44*4.
'Fifth race, five and a half f urlongn, ' selling—
Harry Duke won, i Rosy Morn second. Massrle
\V third. Time, l;11«i. • . .
Sixth race.- one mile, selling— Annie Lauretta
won. ' Windward second, C. H. : Jones third.
Tlme.,l:46li.
Racing at Little Bock.
J. K. Russell tried to save his dog from
the clutches of the poundman yesterday
and was booked at the Seventeenth street
etation on the charge of interfering with
an officer. Russell's dog-was caught by
Poundman "Walton on Twentieth street
and its owner did the best he knew how
to save it, when a scuffle took place In
which the dogcatcher came out ahead and
secured the dog and its owner.
Goes to Jail for His Dog.
' LONDON, 'March; 27.— Both, the Oxford
and ; Cambridge crews did some : fast row
ing, this morning with scratch crews from
the L; Thames and : Leander " clubs } respec
tively, both easily leaving their pace
makers behind. ¦ .; . ,
Seldom has there -been such uncertainty
as to tho result of the university boat race
as pertains to the contest that is to take
place next" Saturday. Even the most con-"
fldent river prophets hesitate to definitely
forecast A|he . outcome ¦¦, of .the race. * , Ex
perts : consider the .two crews to be. the
most evenly matched in years.; Oxford is
generally admitted. to have the best style
and finish, but this aa supposed to be min
imized by ' the superior strength and stay
ing powers of Cambridge. -.The result; of
the toss for position and the state of the
water.' a re likely, to settle the event. The
betting ; has . veered frequently/ Tq-day . it
Is 6 to 4 on Oxford. I^S&llfS
Evenly. Matched Crews.
Call at office of Pacific Coast Steamship
Co. ,4' New Montgomery : st., ' and inform
yourself; concerning that : company's im-"
proved ' service -and low rates to : Los - An-'
geles, San Diego, Santa Barbara, Tacoma,
Seattle, Juneau, Skaguay and all Pacific
Coast ports.
Why Don't You Travel by. Sea?
office Inspector, lectured > to a crowded
house last night on "The Lands of the
Jap. the Chino and- the Filipino" f at Pio
neer Hall, '.under the ausplc.es of the So
ciety of California Pioneers.^ *k
Mr. Erwin has recently returned from
an extensive visit- to the homes of the
people of whom he spoke, and his graphic
descriptions of their- peculiarities and
customs were most Interesting. The lec
ture was illustrated by views from photo
graphs Mr. Erwin took while on the trip."
He had many amusing stories to relate
of his personal experiences with ... these
strange peoples and with the other people
with whom he was brought into contact-
Continued applause testified to Mr. Er
wln's personal popularity^ and his abili
ties, as a lecturer. Standing room* was at
a premium and tho, general appreciation
of -the lecture was so great that-efforta
will be made to. have it repeated. <
Audience Treated to Entertaining
Discourse on Peoples of
Far Eastl"
James W. Erwin, United States Post-
JAMES W. EEWIN GIVES , ,
INTEBESTINO LECTURE
Public Invited.
One of the most appreciated of the many
branches of philanthropic work carried on
by the National Red Cross Society for
the benefit and elevation of the American
soldiers is the free distribution of 'read
ing matter. This is true particularly in
respect to that portion of the army in the
Philippines, where the soldiers are de
prived of almoEt everything which tends
to make life pleasant. Thousands of the
men are stationed in remote towns and
bairlos Tind for months at a time hear
nothing from the outside world. In such
localities the men are- eager to get hold of
reading matter of any kind and the Red
Cress Society has been answering this
want, to the great pleasure and profit of
the recipients.
The supply of books and papers, how
ever, which was bo generously giverrby
the public in answer to the call of the so
ciety last December, has been almost en
tirely exhausted and considerable solici
tude is felt lest this most worthy charity
may not be continued.
It is earnestly requested, therefore, by
the members und friends of the society
that the public assist by contributions of
suitable reading matter, in the way of
papers, magazines and books, or by do
nations. Reading matter and communica
tions may be s-ent to the "Manila Li
brary," Phelan building.
Bed Cross Society Supply Exhausted
and Further Contributions by-
SOLDIERS IN WANT OF
GOOD BEADING MATTEB
The literary exercises at last night's
meeting of the local Gaelic Society, at
Hibernia Hall, were enjoyed by a large
and appreciative audience. The newly
elected president. Captain T. J. Mellott,
delivered a short address,' as -did also
Owen Lynch, an ex-member of the Philo-
Celtic School of New York. The last
named congratulated the Gaelic leagues
of this coast upon the active friendship
and co-operation of Father Yorke with
their efforts on behalf of the Gaelic re
vival.
The following programme was then ren
dered:
Vocal solo. Jeremiah Deany; song J' J
Canlffe; recitation, William P. Mullln; song!
Joseph F. Kelly; recitation, M. J. ; Costello*
song. Denis O'Connor: dramatic racltatlon,
Theodore Lynch; soprano solo. Mlsa Bridget
O'Sulllvan.
A large consignment of Gaelic literature,
including several, hundred copies • of
Father. O'Growney's "Easy Lessons In
Irish," was distributed to the members.
Chairman Mellott announced that a meet
ing of Father Yorke Branch of the Oak
land League would be held Wednesday
evening, March 27, in Father King's par
ish, Oakland. \ . " y T.
Hibernia Hall Crowded With Enthu
siastic Students of the Irish
. Language.
GAELIC LEAGUE MEMBERS
ENJOY ENTERTAINMENT
RUN OVEH RV A HACK— E. K. FoHen.
r**i<i!r.r 8t th«> \Vfn'~h*'StT House. «a« kn<v?k
r<i down fry a h»<-k on th~ erofsslrs «f Twpii
ty-*l6hth and Micslon Ftrf*ts pegtcrtay after
-n<>on. He «ir removed to th* «"lty and County
Hospital In the patrol wapon from the tfeven
tw-nth-str«K Ktnticn. wh«-r» h<» was trratfd for
:njurt*» .to hi* back and «pln<». The hackman
<lrov« away without l*-av!riK his n«n».
Referee, E. . J. Brown; Inspectors— F. Koch.
R. I. Woolsey; starter. \V. W. Christie: field
JudffesWV. Drum. iF, Wolf. I.J. Huma: meas
urers— W. Meany. J. A. Qendottl, N. Wllcox;
timers— Colonel • G. C. ¦ Edwards, Professor . W.
A. . Masee. . H. D. Smith: clerk -of: the course,
N. F. ¦ Titus: Judge of walking — P. M. .Gafney;
fleli marshal. U A. .Womble; field Judges— J.
D. Hoffman, C. Volz. -
The following named will be *fhefals:
120-yard hurdle — Hamlin '02, ' Cheek '04. Pow
ell '02, Thomas (Dental College), Moulder '03.
220-yard hurdle— Hamlin '02, Cheek '04,' Pow
ell '02, Kruschke '04. Thomas (Dental Col
lege), Symmes '03, Moulder -,'03.
One mile walk— Walsh '01, Allen '01. Watson
•04, Titlow '04.
High Jump— Cooley '04, Cheek *04, Powell '02.
Broad Jump— Brainard '02, Hussey '02, Top
ham (Medical College), Minor '04. • Sinshelmer
•01.- ¦ ¦ • ' •"¦¦%*;¦ ¦ • . ¦ -¦". " \ •
• Pole vault— WHcox. '04, Starr '04, , Duden '02,
Symmes '04, Rankln'04.
Shot put— Plaw "02, Bishop '02, Vllas '04.
Ramsaur '04. Albertnon /02, V. Ligda '04, P.
Linda '04, Hartllne '04.
Hammer ¦ throw— Plaw '02, 'Albertson '02,'
Hartltne '04. .
The : llst of entries is as follows:
100-yard dash— Cadogan '03. Asblll '04, Town,
send '03, Hussey '02. Brown '03. Bishop '02, Her
resch'oft '01. Llgda. . '04, Herresehoff '03.
440-yard dash— Asblll '04, Cadogan '03, Town-
Rend '03, 'Brown '03, Squires '01, Ll?da '04, Rob
ertson '03. Johnston '04, Powers. '02, Brainard
'02, Service '02. Bradley '01. .
220-yard da»h— CadOKan '03," Asblll '04, Town
send '03. Brown '03, Bishop '02. Herreschoff '03.
Herreschoft "01, I>lgda '04, Robertson '03, John
ston '04. Powers '02, Brainard '02.
One mlle^Serviee '02, Bailey "03. Redewlll
'02, Powell '02, Clifford '03. Graves '04, McPher
eon '04. Kerr '04, Brlnck '03, Wehber '02. Gold
man '03. QuBtafaon '01. P. Ligda '04,. Phillips
'02. Robertson '03. Stadler '04, -Woods '04.
8S0-yard run— Same entries aa In mile run. :
BERKELEY, March 27.— The annual
inter-class field day at the University of
California will be held next Saturday at
2 o'clock on tho college track. 'Numerous
entries have been made and . some hard
fought contests are expected. The meet
is for individual championship, as well as
for class honors. The. men are in good
condition and with fair weather ought to
establish some new records.
fornia.
Entries for Annual Field Day of tho
University of Cali-
WILL CONTEST FOR o
CLASS SUPREMACY
The last match of the day was between
Mrs. Haslett and -Miss Hunter, and the
fact that v both the ladies claim the cham
pionship of Alameda County added con
siderably to the interest of the match
Mrs. Haslett defeated her opponent in
straight seta, the score being 6-3. 7-5
Mrs. Haslett played a very steady game
while Miss Hunter seemed a trifle off in
her play.
The next match was between Mlsa Em
ma Hunter and Miss Miriam Hall and
the former fell an easy victim to her more
skillful t opponent. It was thought that
Miss (Hunter would make the champion
put forth her best efforts to win, but the
outcome" was never In doubt, as Miss Hall
won— 6-1, 6-1.
Only three ladles pcrtlcipated, but they
were the best on both sides of the bay.
Miss Miriam Hall, the coast champion,
representing San Francisco, carried oft
the first honors. The second prize fell to
Mrs. Haslet t of Alameda, who defeated
Miss Emma Hunter, also of Alameda.
On account of tho small entry the tourna
ment was played on ihe round-robin plan.
5 The first match of the day was between
Miss-Hall and Mrs. Haslett and was won
by the former in straight sets— 6-1, 7-5.
The scheduled ladies' singles tourna
ment on the California Tennis Club court
was played yesterday, but owing to the
prevailing wind the entry list was meager.
Club That Brings Few
Entries.
TOURNAMENT IS WON
BY) KISS MIRIAM HALL
Round Robin Tennis at California
"Horses in Training." published by Har
ry Buck of the Racing Calendar, and al
most invaluable to owners and race-goera.
will soon be placed on sale. D. W. Hlg
glns (Rataplan) is the. coast agent -and
will receive all orders fcr copies of same.
The judges fined Henry J5 for not tak
ing after his field with Rolling Boer.
There Is always a chance, the officials no
doubt figured.
O'Connor and Henrv each rod© a pair
of winners.
Marty Berg-en rode with his old timer
dash and skill astride Redan, the 100 to 1
shot. In the two-year-old scramble. Given
the chance Marty may again shine as a
star.
Track Notes.
The fifteen directors elected* last Sun
day by the merabet-? of the society met
last nifht at the office. 316A Post street,
together with the retiring board of maa-
I'gement. ¦*¦
A'ter the transaction of*outlne businesa
it was moved that the board of manage
ment retire and the new board take of
fice. This was done and J. M. Dupas was
unanimously elected to the office of presi
dent for the ensuing >ear.
Ex-Sheriff Henry S. Martin was unani
mously requested to serve as vice presi
dent but declined the honor. O. Bozio
was "then made vice president; J. Bayle
wan the choice for r.econd vice president;
A. Goustiaux. editor of the Franco-Cali
fornian. was made recording secretary,
and J. A. Bergerot was chosen as financial
secretary.
No action was taken by the new board
of management as to the appointment of
a superintendent of the hospital and the
medical staff for the institution. The new
board will visit the hospital next Sunday
morning for the purpose of Inspecting the
building and seeing the workings of the
place. It is known that the days of Su
perintendent Bosquet are numbered and
as soon as the new board can decide upon
a successor Bosquet will receive hts walk
ing papers. Not a single member of the
new board is in favjr of retaining Chart
rey's protege. Bosquet. Changes will alsn
be made in the medical and executive staff
of the hospital, it being the intention of
the new board of management to get rid
cf the men who were placed in office by
the Chartrey faction. - : - ;
Not even the custoiaary vote of thanks
was tendered to Ranul Chartrey when he
retired last evening from the office of
president of the French Mutual Benevo
lent Society and the French Hospital ami
his successor, J. M. Dupas. was elected.
Raoul Chartrey Is Retired
Without Regrets.
23 EW BOARD NOW CONTROLS
FRENCH MUTUAL SOCIETY
J. M. Dupas Elected President and
PHIL WAND, the well known ath
lete, will referee the twenty-round
battle between Otto L'ribb of Aus
tralia and Charles Thurston of
San Francisco, which will be held
in Mccr-anics' Pavilion to-morrow night.
His selection was made last evening by
Alec Grcggains and George Harting, re
spective managers of Thurston and Cribb.
Grespalns is as enthusiastic over Thurs
ton as Harting is over Cribb. They claim
that thoii men are in fit condition to bat
tle for a kingdom— or gold., Thurston has
been forced by Gregrgains to rest up a lit
tle and the "Fighting Dutchman." as he
is called by his friends, is impatient to
don the miUs and be at it. Cribb has been
Pending the adoption of the by-laws
the meetings of the club will be held at
Saratoga Hall on Wednesday evening!?.
The secretary was instructed to com
municate with each of the improvement
clubs in the Western Addition and re
quest that delegates be sent to the next
meeting. There are about fourteen clubs
in the district and only six were repre
sented. It was decided to confine the
work of the club to securing Improve
ments for the Western Addition exclu
sively. /
Larkln Street Improvement Club, H. Mills;
Hares Valley Improvement Club. Charles AI
pers; Polk Street Improvement Club, A J.
Kl!n*rt; Point Lobos Improvement Club,
George Magoents; Merchants' Improvement
Club. F. W. Meyer; Western Addition Im
provement Club. J. Henderson.
Delegates from the Larkin Street,
Hayes Valley. Polk Street. Point Lobos,
Western Addition and Merchants* Im
provement clubs were present. A tempo
rary organization was effected with A. K.
Cushingr. president of the Point Lobos
Improvement Club, in the chair and E. A.
Lorenzo acting- as secretary. A commit
tee on permanent organization and by
laws was elected, each club being allowed
one representative. The committee is as
follows:
Representatives from six of the West
ern Addition improvement clubs met last
nifjht at Saratoga Hall Tor the purpose of
forming their respective organizations
into a federation in order that by their
combined strength and influence more ef
fective work may be accomplished.
sist in Building Up the West
ern Addition.
Organizations Join in a Union to As-
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS
FORM A FEDERATION
working: with Johns and another Austra
lian fighter and is in even better shape
than ho was for his former battles with
McOonnell und Thurston. Otto is confi
dent that he will defeat the local boxer
bffore ten rounds have been fought.
Tommy Cox. and Jack Granfleld will put;
un «i stirring preliminary battle, as will
also "Kid" McFaddcn and Danny Ma
honey. McFadden, is a wonderful little
fighter, but his friends admit that he has
a hard man to defeat In Mahonev. The
letter enjoyed the reputation for many
years of beinp the best bantam on the
coast. Granfleld. who will meet Cox, is
also a good man. He cannot only take
but -can give a punch. Granfleld and
Thurston have done their training to
gether. ,-v- J .
TANFORAN PARK - Wednesday.
March 27, 1901. — Weather fine. Track
fast. *
220O. FIRST RACE-Six furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds, and up; purse. |400.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. '4. Str. Fin.
1496 Decoy, 4. 110 Henry 1 1 n 1^12
2158 Foul Play, 4, 102..Domk 6 4 1 2 H 2 n
, 2086 Parmenion, 4. 104. 0' Con 2 2 1.31 32
2194 Mldian. 6, 117,...HoweIl 4 il 41 4H
2080 Melkarth, 6, 108.. Ransch 3 5 2 5 5 5 4
2145 Whaleb'k, 5. 109.Mahony 7 10 8 1 « 1
2168 Mead. Lark. a. 102. Enos 8 9 1 9 5 7 H
1840 Magnus, 6, 114...Wedstd 9 6h 7h 8%
2153 Sugden. 5, 116 RosslO 8 1 6^95
2086 Favorito. 4. 108.. Mounce. 5 7 H 10 10
•Time— «, :24»»: H. :48«i: %. 1:15. Good start.
TV on cleverly. Second and third driving. Win
ner, George Miller's b. g. by imp. Deceiver-
Nantucket. Decoy best and well ridden. Par
menion should have been second. Mldlan di.1
his best. Lark ran a bad race. Magnus and
Sugden practically left. Scratched— Jim Mc-
Cleevy 112. Mary Kinsella 10?.
Betting-Decoy. 4; Foul Play. 14-5: Par
menion, 8-5; Mldlan. 30; Melkarth. 30; Whale
back. 200: Meadow Lark. 20; Magnus, 100; Sug
den, 30; Favorito, 15.
22O1. SECOND RACE— Three furlongs; mai
den two-year-old colts and geldings; purse,
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. »i. Str. Fin.
2177 Contestant, 112 ...Henry 4 2 1 ... 1 H
2094 Brunswick. 112.. .Mounce 8 3 H ... J H
....Redan. 112 Bergen 3 1 % ... 3 h
2134 Barklyite, 114 ...Turner 1 5 1 ... 4 1
2087 Sllesian. 112 ...O'Connor 2 6 1 ... 5 1
2165 El Bano. 112 Wedrstd 5 4 »,i ... 6 2
2177 Dandy. 115 Shields 7 7 2 ... 7»
2099 Sir Claus, 115 Enos 6 8 1 ... 8sl
.... Quiet. 115 Plsrgott 9 9 4 ... 9 5
2090 Dr. McXutt, 115..ThorpelO 10 4 ... M 4
2154 Frank Bain. 115...Domkll 11 ... 11
Time— U. :12H: *i. :36%. Good start. Won
first three driving. Winner. W. H. Ketche
man's b. g. by imp. Sir Modred-Lapaz. Away
on equal terms with winner, Brunswick would
have won easily. Too short for Barklyite.
Others strung out.
Betting— Contestant. 2; Brunswick. 2: Redan.
100; Barklyite, 9-2; Sllesian. 15; El Bano. 50;
Dandy. 30; Sir Claus, 20; Quiet, 12; Dr. Mc-
Nutt, 25; Frank Bain, 20.
22O2. THIRD RACE— Six and a half fur
longs; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. »J. Str. Fin.
2118 Mocorito. 6, 96... Ransch 3 12 14 14
2183 Prejudice. 4, 105..O'Con 9 4<j 2 H 2 3
2120 Goldone. 4. 107 Henry 4 8 1 4 1 It
2131 Don Luis, 8. 103..Wedsd 7 6 h 5 1 4 1
2092 Montal'de, a, 102.Mounce 2 2 1 3 h 5 10
21S7 Lomond. 4, 105...Domnk 6 8 2 « 1 8 1
2115 Koenig. 5, 98 Daly 6 9 82 71
2142 Looram. a. 93 Hoar 1 3h 7H "3
2128 X. Clark. 4, 104 Kelly 8 7 5 9 9
2106 Pilot. 5, 93 Butler •
Time— 1-16, :06*i: M. :234;; H. :*3: 6tjf, l:21»i.
Bad start. Won easily. Second and third driv
ing. Winner. J. Sullivan's ch. m. by Amtgo-
Santa Monica. Pull In weights made It easy
for Mocorito. Prejudice ran a good race.
Goldone almost knocked to his knees right
after start. Montallade outsprlnted. Scratch
ed—Salvado 101, Campus 108. *L«ft.
Betting— Mocorito, 7; Prejudice. 2: Goldone.
H-5; Don Luis. 30; Montallade. 4: Lomond. IS;
Koenig, 130; Looram, 60; Nettie Clark, 60; Pi
lot, ICO.
2203. FOURTH RACE-One mile; three-year
olds and up: purse, K50.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
2171 Redwald. 4, HO.O'Connor 4 2 1 2 4 12
2181 Wm. Ack. 3, 93.Murphy 13 2 4 J I
2178 Dr.. Cave, 4. 119.. Thorpe. 2 13 12 3 1
2178 Precursor, 4. 113.. Martin 3 4 3 ! 2 4
2130 Roll. Boer, 3, 107. Henry •
Time— »i. :»: H. :50%i: %. 1:1«: mile. 1:43.
Good start. Won easily. Second and. third
driving. Winner. W. B. Jennings & Co.'a ch.
h. by Tenny-imp. Redworth Rose. Redwald
had nothing to beat. Ack closed strong. Pre
cursor showed speed to the stretch and may
win soon .Scratched — Edgardo 107. "Left.
Betting-Redwald, 9-5; William Ack. 40; Dr.
Cave, 12; Precursor, 100; Railing Botr, 3-5.
22O4. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds; pur», |400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
21S2 Moonbrlght. 1W.. Mounce I 2 n 3 4 11
2184 IIMouon. 101 ButlerS S 1 ', 2 h
2134 N. Forest. 101... Ransch 2 fi "i 4 1 3 2
<2I34)Fondo. 10T - O'Connors ih 3h 4 5
2176 Skip Me, 107 Henry 4 S >, fi 1 5 H
1170 Invlctus. 107 Thorpe 5 11 5 2 6 2
2078 Klngstelle, 103 ..Domlnk 7 4 h 7 3 7 4
2131 Cantlnus. 102 ...Murphy 3 7 1 S "8
Time— U. :25^i: M. :50; H. 1:03: T4. 1:23. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, J. Weber & Co.'s b. f. by St. Carlo-
Moonllt. Mounce. who rode winner, must be
pounds better than Henry. With more luck
and better handling Illlouon could have won.
Was best. Fondn off poorly and ridden the
overland route. Skip Me ran poorly. Invlctus
speed | to stretch.
Bettlng-Moonbright, 7-2; Illlouon. 20; Nellie
Forest, 6; Fondo. .8-5; Skip Me, 8; Invlctus, I;
Klngstelle, 15; Cantinus. 75.
22O5. SIXTH RACE— One and a sixteenth
miles; four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St, M. Str. Fin.
217S S. Chamber, 4, HO.O'Con 12 1 S 2 Ins
1843 Vesuvian, 4. 110. .Thorp* 5 3n 3 4 2 5
2178 Rosormonde, «, 10.i.l>omk 3 12 In 3 5
2K1 Fonnero. 6, 114.. Mounce 4 4 2 4 6 4 19
19S7 Joe Rtpley. a. 114. Henry 5 5 5 5
Tlme-l-18. :07K: U. :2Mi: M. :50H; «i. 1:15H;
m. 1:41: 1 l-16m. 1:«\;. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, P. Dunne's b. h. by
Imp. St. Blalse-Soncy Lass. Thorpe watted
too long with Vesuvian or he would have won.
Rosormonde quit. . Formero has a bad foot.
Scratched— Gonfalon 110. Lavator 111, Crom
well 114.
Betting— Star Chamber. 5-2; Vesuvian. 4-5;
Rosormonde, 9-2; Formero, 30; Joe Ripley, M.
Park. next Saturday and Sunday. In the
open stake will be 112 hounds, many of
which rank with the very best; in the
sapling eight youngsters are entered.
The drawing of thu sapling stake, eight
entries, is as follows:
Curtis & Son's Miss Py»» vs. E. Geary's Min
nie Sanki-y; E. Geary's Fannie Huj?hte vs. K.
Geary's Bonnie Hughie; C. L. Applfby's Mag
glo Darrow vs. Curtis & Son's Mrs. Flake;
J. SeBff«rson'8 Alfjle vs. Curtis & Son's Betty
Martin.
Open stake, 113 entries— Connell Bros.' Ma
mie Pleasant vs. Pasha Kennels' Roman Ath
lete; Russell & Allen's Rosy Glair vs. Chiajinl
Bros.' Brass Button: James Sheridan's Forest
Qu^en vs. Russell & Allen's Daisy Clalr; P.
J. Rally's Warship vs. O. Zahl's Miss Wilson;
George Sharman's Black Flush vs. E. McAn
drew's Governor Mac; F, A. McComb's Motto
vs. Star Kennels' Master Laurence; A, Van
der White's Flora McDonald vs. Pasha Ken
nels' Fine Fire; Pasha Kennels" Roundabout
vs. F\ A. -McComb's Bona Fide;; J. Hurley's
O K Capitol vs. W., O. Utasaon's lone; J." J.
Kenny's Hot Haste vs, Clark & Orowtage's
King Cob;. Connell Bros.' Log Boy vs. Cheat
ham & PartlnKton'8 Representative: R. E. de
R. Lopez & Son's Sara vs. E. deary's Palo
Alto; James Sheridan's. Forest King vb. B.
Geary's Ireland; Cleorffe Sharman's Royal
Flush va. J; Dimlea'u Erin; T. McCool's Fin
McCool vs. P. Jackson's Honor Bright; Curtis
& Son's Plying Fox vs. J. K. Hoskln's King's
Cashier; F. Jones' . Wedsewood vs. Curtis &
Son's Rector: Sterl & Knowlos' Ripple vs. I>.
J. Healy's Tapioca; Curtis & Son's Cavalier
vs. Curtis & Son's Charta.; W. Delaney's Au
r'.ole vs. Larkcy & Rook's Judy's Choice; J.
Cairn's Lancashire Lass vs. Aeneid Kennels'
Athena;' F\ Jones' L,avina vs. Curtis & Son's
Narcissus; F. Jones' Harlean Gladys vs. \ Pasha
Kennels' Fiery Face; Pasha KennclH* May
Hempstead vs. \\. C* Glasson's Dewdrop; C.
O. Peterson's Silver Cloud vs. P. Doyle's Lib
erator; Gold Dust Kennels' Forget vs. R. E.
de B. Lope* & Son's The Levlte; J. R. Mc-
Carthy's John Doe vs. J. Hurley's Hurricane;
Ool«l Dust Kennels' Brutus vs. H. Lyneh's
Lilac; H.. A. Deckflman's Laurence vs. To
eemlte, Kennels' Freedom's 'Banner; Pasha
Kennels' "Risky Attempt x-s." Curtis "& Son's
fehadow: D. J. Ilealy's; 1.*d.v Clafr.vs. J.
Kane's Master Davenport : P.- Jackson's Golden
Russet vs. J. P. Thrift's Tyrone Prlnc«; Rus
sell & Allen's Spiteful vs. D. J. Healy'a T1
buron; Pasha Kennels' Random Aim vs. Curtis
& Son's Kibosh; Clark & Growtafre'o Memory
vs. Pasha Kennels' Belle Rocket; J. Sheridan's
Tim Murphy vs. Aeneid Kennels' j Agamemnon:
C. McDermott's Noe Maid -w. Sterl &
Knowles' For Olory: Yojemlte Kennels' Mose
vs. Star Kennels'. Game Boy; Pasha Kennels'
Rollicking Airs vs. Sterl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist: Sterl & Knowles' ollta vs. Curtis & Son's
McKlnley; F. A. McComb's Royal Fashion
vs. E.' Geary's America: J. Kennedy's Ever
Shore vs. George McDnueal's Colonel Lopez;
H. A. Deckelman's Ben Klrbr vs. G. I.ennon's
Half Moon; Curtis & Son's Vulcan vs. Lande
& Gerber's Rlenil: J. Keenan's Lundln Links
\g. S. Handy's Twin City Girl; Clark & Grow
tage's Ideala vs. J. Kennedy's Wine West:
George. Sharman's Bowery Boy vs. Chiarlnl
Bros. 1 'Santonin; H. Lyneh's Lottie M vs.
Pasha ' Kennels' Rural Artist; Oeorjre Shar
man's St. Ives vs. Curtis & Son's Luxor;
Clark ! &¦¦ GrowtaKe's Lndy Flavia vs, George
Rharman's Chicago Hoy; Curtis & Ron's Can
delarla vs. Aeneid Kennels j Aeneas: .1. Hur
ley's Gramercy vs. R. E. de B. Lopez & Son's
Jewess; Lands & Gerber's Concord vs. F.' A.
McComb's Frosty Morn: Lowe & Thompson's
Little Fullerton vs. Curtis & Son's War Eagle;
F. A. McComb's Crawford Lass vs. Pasha
KennelR' Recording Angel: P. :J. Rellly's
Royal Union vs. D. Toland's Pleasant Girl.
Saplings and Experienced Courssrs
Are Drawn for Union Park
Events.
A big open stake and a sapling event
will be the coursing piogramme at Union
TWO STAKES FOR YOUNG
AND OLD GREYHOUNDS
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Detectives Crockett and Dillon yester
day nrrested four »-:'.l-known bunko men
and locked them up in the tanks. Their
names are James Muhoney, John O'Brien,
Robert Tate. better Iruown as the "Sheeny
Kid." and J. EdwaHf.
The men have been In the habit of hang
ing around hotels an-.l fleecing the unwary.
I^asi. night they wer > all j-ele-ased with the
exception of Tale, who will have to an
f«fr to a charge of passing a fictitious
check.
Several dayn ap<v it is claimed. Tate
obtained %H from J o:»n Ott. a butcher at
703 McAllister street. He wl'l be charged
with the crime to-day.
ing Unwary.
Have Been in Habit of Hang-ing-
Around Hotels and Fleec-
BUNKO MEN ARRESTED,
BUT SOON RELEASED
met by a friend of the young man. He
was introduced to Robinson, and after a
brief conversation he consented to accom
pany the p.-iir to the room where the gold
specimen! were supposed to be. As Kob
::.><•:; entered he was surprised to see
three men engaged in pluying i>okcr.
Robinson was importuned to take ; a
"hand," but becoming *uepLcIous be pro
f>s=«»«-ii to r>«» Ignorant of the game and
f-tartfd to leave. One of the men caught
him Ly the arm and held him until the
door was locked. H* was then ordered to
irlve up his money .,r take a chance on
>>cinK made a suiijt-ct for the Coroner.
K"binson had over Jot*) in h!s possession,
but taking out live twenty-dollar gold
pit ees he hanrjrd them to one of the men,
paying that was all be had. He was then
f.Ilow-ed to go. but warned not to notify
the police.
Shortly after he !'.ft the place he say'
he met Policeman Coien and informed hin:
at his loss. Colon, he claims, told him
that he knew th*» men and that -he. would
endeavor to arrest them. He advised
Robinson to call around about an hour
later.
Robinson claims \hat v. r hcn he saw
Colen again the latter told him that ho
had seen Attorney Mack and that h>±
h»<J glv^n him $50 to give him.
Robinson eays he at first refused to ac
rept it. but finally yielded on the repre
sentation of the officer that it would be
impossible to convici the men even if they
were arrested.
Chief Questions Colen.
Last night Robinson visited police head
quarters and told hio ttory to Chief Sui-
Ilvsn. The latter at om-e sent for Colef
ami closely questioned him. While ad
mitting that he f=po'^* to Robinson he em
phatically denied hr.ving given him any
money to "square'' *iim or that he had
mentioned the name of Attorney Mark
in connection witli the matter. Mack
was also questioned 1 y the Chief.
"1 understand that my name has beca
used in this matter, "' indipnantly re
marked Attorney Mack after leaving the
ChftTl office, "but i Jon't believe that thf
officer* ment^Dned me as Robinson claims.
"I knew absolutely nothing of the rob
bery until th«* Chief of Police «cnt for
me and question»«l me as to how my
name war mentioned 5ti connection wftii
it. I have since been told, however, that
the man who gave HobJnson part of his
money back was no other than one of the
men who robbed him."
<"hlef Sullivan expects to have the bunko
men behind prison bars to-day. He will
then endeavor to hnd out if Colen had
anything to do with the matter as claimed
l>y Robinson.
J. A. Robinson, a recent arrival from
the interior, complained to Chief of Police
Suiliviin yesterday that after he had been
robbed *'f $100 by a gang cf bunko men
Tuesday afternoon he appealed to Police
man COlm, who shortly afterward handed
him half the amount lie liad lost, with the
admonition not to report the facts at po
lice headquarters. Hobinson further o>
< lar?d that Colen told h5:p that the mopey
was handed to him by Attorney Arthur
Mack to "square tlie kick." as he ex
pregysJ it. .
Both the policeman and the lawyer vig
orously <1<-ny the charge. Chief Sullivan
¦will Trisko a thorough investigation. If
«"olcn Is guilty lie will be taken before the
Police < .'< ramis-sicriers and summarily 4ls
misscj from the department.
Itobintoii Fays that he was standing- on
Market ttrcet about 1 o'clock Monday aft
crnocn. when he was accosted by a well
dressed young man. who represented that
he had extensive mining claims in Alaska,
and asUed Robinson to accompany him to
liis room on O'Farrell street to look at
BOxno rich fvrtmen?,
Bobbed cf Eis Money. ,
BabtaWa accepted his invitation, and as
ihey walked up Market street they were
J. A. Bobinson Says He Returned
Him Half Amount of Which
H; Was Bobbed an
Hour Before. .
Policeman Colen Accused of
Acting on Behalf of
Bunko Men.
SERIOUS CHARGE
AGAINST OFFICER
Before many days have elapsed another
professional boxing. club will in all prob
ability be established in San Francisco
and Harry Corbett will be at its head and
front. Although no definite plans have as
yet been made for the organization of the
club, tjbe matter has' been given full con
sideration: by Corbett and the preliminary
steps have been taken.
When interviewed last night Corbett
paid: "It Is true that I have been consid
ering- the formation of a boxing t club and
have undertaken the first steps toward its
consummation. I do not wish to say more
at the present time, but it is almost cer
tain that In the very near future the club
will be organized and its sole purpose will
be to give the very biggest fights obtain
able."
Humor had it last night that Jim Ken
nedy, matchmaker of the Twentieth Cen
tury Club, would be associated with Cor
bett in this new venture and that he
would forsake his former business asso
ciates for the newly found. This Kennedy
emphatically denied, averring that the
Twentieth Century Club was as dear to
him as his own life, which he lovingly
cherished.
Jim Kennedy's Name Associated With
the_ New Venture, but He
. Denies All Connection
Harry Corbett as the Pro
moter Intends to Form
.- Fistic Corporation.
NEW BOXING CLUB
IN LOCAL FIELD
In the opinion of Oxford athletes none
of thefour extra events is desirable, part
ly ..because they ,: are, quite' unaccustomed
to two* of * them, while they consider
.weight-throwing unattractive and the 220
yard sprint dangerous on a round course
with corners. : The * main difficulty, how
ever, according to officials of the-Oxford
University Athletic-. Club, who were seen
by a representative of the" "Associated,
Press, are the' July date and financial con
siderations. • With regard to the date, the
Oxonians point out that'sad- experience
has taught- Englishmen that, while' the
English; July air refreshes American ath
letes on their arrival, American July air
absolutely Incapacitates English athletes.
With the- meeting v fixed for; the^ end of
September the climatic. objections vanish,
and 'the Oxonians understand that Har
vard and Yale Would be to ac
cept an autumn date If July .were voted
lm possibie.iaraa«BBMBMWMaagBiBa|a
LONDON, March 27.— The challenge of
Harvard and Yale universities to Oxford
and Cambridge for a regular set of track
games suggests the usual Oxford-Cam
bridge programme, including -.weight
throwing, -with two added events, which
the challengers propose shall be selected
from the 220-yard sprint, 220-yard hurdle
race, pole jump and' weight-throwing.
giate Field Meeting.
tions in International ' Colle-
Climatic and Financial Considera-
ENGLISHMEN WA2JT
BETTEB CONDITIONS
First Race— Bamboulia, Santa Lucia, Amelia
Fonso.
Second Race — Toah, Grafter, Ada N.
Third Race— Phlegon, Saul of Tarsus, King's
Pal.
Fourth Race— Beau Ormonde, Sad Sam, Dan
dy Jim.
Fifth Race — Cromwell, Opponent, Merope.
Sixth Race— Saintly, Our Lizzie, Jingle
Jingle.' .
Probable Winners.
Sixth Racft— Six and a half furlongrs; four
yrar-olds and up; selling:
2194 Osmond ........108 2172 RInaldo 108
2172 Tamo IrlshmanlOo 2030 Saintly- 108
2175 Satan 105 2103 Sir Kingston... 105
(2045)Jlnglo Jingle. .'.106 2202 Lomond 108
2188 The Benedict ..105 2183 High Hoe lOfi
213S March Seven... 103 2171 Our Lizzie ....10S
¦» Fifth Race— One mile; four-year-old» and up;
selling:
2105 Alicia 104 2191 Opponent 106
2187 Sunello ...102 2167 Merops 106
(2167)Cromwell 103 2157 Herculean 104
2171 Morlnga ........111 2191 Campus 109
2166 Lavator 106
Fourth Race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; Hljjiwelght handicap:
(2171)Dangr > oua Mald.122 (2131)8t. -Wood 121
2203 Dr.- Cave 120 (2155)Hagerdon 114
2130 Doublet 114 2171 Our Lizzie ....114
2190 Beau Ormonde.113 (2186) Dandy Jim ....112
2178 Sad Sam 110
Third Race— Five furlongs; four- year-olds
and up; selling:
1242 PhleBOn 9fi| 2194 St.* Anthony 96
Buck Taylor .. 98 2198 Jllfford 100
2200 Favorito 98 1869 Abbyldx L ...94
2A50 Raclvo SS 2117 Free Pass .... 94
2032 Bagdad ". 96 1970 Mountain- Dew. 98
2128 King's Pal 96 2152 Saul of Tarsus 9«
Second . Race— Seven furlongs; three-year
olds; purse:
(2127)Toah ...... ......10*f 2170 Scallywag 104
2190 Yodel ..........1021 21S6 Rollick 104
2195 Tony L,epplnK.-107 2101 Ada N 102
1909 Grafter 1041
First nact- Five furlongs; four-year-olds
and up: spjlingr:
820 Dii-ordprly ..... 95 2167 TIzona . .... 9*
2200 Foul Play ....94 2122 Santa Lucia ..93
2194 Gold Finder.... 96 20T.0 Perhaps 100
1532 Bamboulla .:.. 96 (21B9)Brenhllda »8
2JS8 Glissando ..-...-.-»« 2197 McAlbert ....;. 100
2128 John Welch .. »6 ( 2168) Amelia Konso.. 9S
To-Day ? s Entries.
enthusiastic crowd of race-goers.
Milt had 'the mount on Sam Hildreth's
colt, Rolling Boer, the 3 to 5 favorite for
the mile purse run, and when the barrier
flew in /the air was 'in perfect enjoyment
of an Oriental "pipe ¦.lroam." All the glad
ness of a" winning season was crowded into
the hearts of the colt's backers to see him
left, which later was increased tenfold
when Redwald walked home before Wil
liam Ack in: 1:43.' Ot course, Starter
Dick Dwyer came in .for a mild rebuko
from the crowd assembled about the stand
for not having ordered the bellboy to cull
Henry earlier: then Henry himself re
ceived two or three dozen groans, after
which there was an Mprcarious appeal to
the stand to declare beis off. This was
an impossibility. The more conservative
arid anti-recall flag men smilingly took
their medicine, and the incident waa
closed.
A 20-knot breeze blew over the course
ond while the track was in splendid con
dition the time exhibited would indicate It
to have been slow\ Contestant wore the
empty honor of being ilie only successful
favorite. The defeats of Parmenion, Pre
judice. Rolling Boer, Fondo and Vesuvian
caused some very touching separations.
After a protracted let-up George Mil
ler's gelding Decoy made hla reappear
ance in the first event, a six furlong sell
ing sprint, winning cleverly at odds of o
to 1. The good thing, Tor he was played
down to 4, got a flying start,- and though
once passed by Foul Play and the favor
ite. Parmenion, outspriiite<l both from the
paddock. Foul Play nosed the first choice
out for place honors.
Harry Stover's Contestant, favorite for
the two-year-old scamper, was very for
tunate in getting- the decision over Bruns
wick. The latter showed a high turn of
speed the first time out at Oakland witn
a stable boy up and was the warmest kind
of a tip. the books laying but 5 to .2
against him. When the barrier was re
leased Mounce was awav poorly, but <ot
through in time to be beaten but half a
length. Redan, v. 100 to 1 shot, well han
dled by Marty Bergen, finished lapped on
the leaders.
Both the favorite. Prejudice, and the
second choice Goldone, finished behind
Mocorito in the six and a half furlong
sprint. The last named mare went from
4 to 7 in the betting and. rushed to the
front by Ransch at the turn, only gal
loped the balance of the route. Goldono
stumbled soon after the mart, nearly go
ing to his knees, running third, behind tl'.e
first choice.
¦ For the seven furlontr number, decided
under selling conditions. Pat Dunne's gel
ding Fondo, with O'Connor in the saddlo.
ruled an 8 to 5 choice. O'Connor succeed
ed in getting away from the post poorlv
and then took all the run out of his horse
by going the overland, lr.victus led to the
stretch, when he retired. By this time
Tommy Butler, on Illlloun. a 20 to 1 shot,
had blown from last to firet position and
looked to have the race !n hand. Mounce
now moved with Moor.briKht and, catch
ing the outsider all out. won by a. coupla
of .lengths. The rhow went to Nellie For
est.
Simply by waiting too long Charley
Thorpe, on Vesuvian. the 4 to 5 choice,
lost the final mile and a sixteenth run to
Star Chamber. Rosormonde made the
running with Chamber in second position,
the favorite third. When Thorpe finally
did cut looso O'Connor had more left than
he supposed and Pat Dunne's hors»\ re
ceived the verdict by a none.
JOCKEY MILT HENRY cave an
other of his pleasing somnambulis
tic exhibitions at Tanforan Park
yesterday before an ae&resslvely
BY F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Well-Backed Horses Beat the Favorites Out
at Tanforan==Vesuvian Downed a Nose.
HENRY ON ROLLING BOER
GETS LEFT AT THE POST
PHIL WAND IS SELECTED
TO REFEREE THE FIGHT
WelUKnown Athlete Will Be in the Ring
To-morrow Night.
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL; THURSDAY, MARCH £8, 1901.
TWO OF THE PUGILISTIC CONTESTANTS IN THE BOUTS THAT WILL
BE PRELIMINARY TO THE MAIN EVENT AT THE BOXING EXHI
BITION TO BE HELD TO-NIGHT.
WOODLAND, March 27.— Charles Me-
Cabe. the crack backstop whom the Gilt
Edge Club of Sacramento has had a
string oft for some time, has been atjrned
by the directors of the Woodland Club.
If any doubt existei In tne minds of th»
members of the Olympic Club that Al
Hampton was not entitled to the title of
champion handball player of the coast
they were removeJ last night when he
defeated George James and William Cart
wright In a specially arranged match. Ha
outclassed his opponents with the same
margin as a thoroughbred would & "sell-
Ingr-plater." Hampton was simply invin
cible and had he exerted himself there Is
no doubt that he could have prevented
James and Cartwrlght from dolnj aa well
as they did.
James played a splendid srame. He
fought for every point and did remarkably
well in "killing" the ball. Cartwrlght.
however, did not play with that judgment
and skill for which he Is noted. He over
reached himself time and again In his
effort to return the ball.
Cartwrlght and James took the first
game without much effort, as Hampton
was not then exerting himself. In th»
second same .Hampton turned the table*
and won out handily. Hampton's killing
in this set was brilliant work. In the
third game Hampton again captured the
honors. He used an Eastern ball that was
as lively as a tennis ball and he sent it
out to the backwall with great speed.
Hampton again took things easy in the
fourth game and James and Cartwrlght
won out. Both sides bad two games to
their credit and all went in to win the
flnal game. It was a grand struggle on
the part of James and Cartwrlght to avert
defeat, but their efforts were unavailing.
Hampton won out easily.
Following are the scores:
Al Hampton 9 31 21 S 21— 3
George James* and W, Cart
wrlKht a * 17 21 11—2
Referee— Dr. Short. Scorer— Oorg* Knell.
Woodland Signs McCabe.
4
642 Market 5t. mst*uwNn
u*oc* cMRowcit ButLsiH&. Catalogue Fm.
SOMETHING NEW IN ETB
PROTECTORS.
Oculists* DrescrlDtlona filled. Factory on
premises. Quick repairing- Phon«. Mala 19.
Automobile
Spectacles**
It is a wonderful soap
that takes hold quick and
does no harm.
No harm! It leaves the
skin soft like a baby's; no
alkali in it, nothing but
soap. The harm is done by
alkali. Still more harm is
done by not washing. So,
bad soap is better than
none.
What is bad soap? Im-
perfectly made; the fat
and alkali not well bal-
anced or not combined.
• What is good soap?
Pears'.
J^^^^^T *****
jlil^ Girls*
If young girls would look ahead it
would" sometimes save them from serious
collision with the m« they marry. It
is here that ignorance is almost a crime.
Tbe young husband cannot understand
it when tbe wife changes to a p«evish,
nervous, / querulous woman. And the
voung wife does not understand it her-
self. Sbe oalj knows that she is very
miserable.
If ever there is a time when nature
needs help it is when the young girl is
adjusting herself to the new conditions
of wifehood. Dr. Pierce's Favorite Pre-
scription makes weak women strong and
rick women well. • It promotes regu-
larity, dries debilitating drains, heals in-
flammation and ulceration, and cures
female weakness.
• Sick women are invited to consult Dr.
Pierce, by letter, free. All womanly
confidences are guarded with strict pro-
fessional privacy. Write without fear or
fee to Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, NJ Y.
.•I will drop you a few lines to-day to let you
know that I am feeling: well now," writes Miss
Annie Stephen*, of Belleville, Wood Co.. Wt«
Vm.. "I feel like a new woman. I took several
bottle* of the ' Favorite Prescription ' »nd •Gold-
en Medical Discovery.' I have no headache
nor, no backache, and no pain in my side any
more. No bearing-down pain any more. I
thick there is no medicine. like Dr, Pierce's
medicine. I thank you very much for what you
have done for me— your medicine has done Etc
•o much good."
* Dr. Pierce's Pletsant Pellets cure bil-
iousness and :ici. headache.
- ' *¦*'¦"¦'.."•;, * ;
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
Little PiHs.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Heart j
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tonpue, Paini^
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Positively cured by thess
SICK" HEADACHE
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JllpRTERS
xSp^^JhT *T?3 ™qADA L. HAXSTEAD, THE
AUTHOR, DIES SUDDENLY
Found in Her Apartments in a Stata
¦ of Collapse and Passes
Away.
Mrs. I.aura Eugenia Newhall, known to
the literary ? world as Ada. L. Halstead,
died suddenly 'yesterday -afternoon In her
apartments at 984 Sutter street. Dr/Lald
law, who resides In the adjoining 1 flat,
heard moans coming from Mrs. Newhall's
rooms- at 2- o'clock 1 In the • afternoon and
found her In a state of collapse, and, she
expired a short time thereafter. : No poi
son was found In the place. 1 and the Indi
cations are that death was due to natural
causes. ¦ -
Mrs.- Newhall was Laura E. Terry. ..On
July 31, 1884, she was married In this city
by Rev. Robert Mackenzie to Joshua O.
Newhall, a merchant and hotel-keeper of
the town of Newhall. in, Los .Angeles,
County. On December . 1, 1890, Newhall
turned over all his -property , to the New
hall Land and Farming Company in sat
isfaction of his debts. In 1898 Mrs.; New
hall was 'granted a dlvorce-by Superior
Judge Dalngerfleld by default,- the ground
being desertion. -.•••¦. .
"After the Night Had Passed," "Hazel
Verne," ; "The > Death . Trap" and "The
Bride of Infelice" were the best known of
her works. .Her mother resides In Healds
burg, Sonoma County. .
The requirements of health' can be
counted on Utj fingers of one hand. They
are: Good air. good food, suitable cloth-
Ing, cleanliness and "exercise and rest.
It is said that the geysers which have made
this park famous are gradually declining.
This brings to mind the fact that decline is
the law of the world. Health Is the most pre
cious possession in the world, .and too great
care cannot be Ktven to It. In the spring, you
should renew your strength, revitalize your
blood and nerves with the best of, all medi
cines. Hostetter's Stomach Bitters. It also
cure* stomach disorders. Try it. - :
Passing' of Yellowstone Park.
Extending Their Operations.
Chinese lottery men have been so har
assed by Lieutenant Price and his squad
in Chinatown that they have apparently
decided to carry on business in other
parts of the city. Yesterday Lieutenant
Price and posse raided a *£<* *rM
Minna street and arrested Ah On, a Chi
nese, for aiding and abetting a lottery,
and John Sverbek and Andrew ChreniK.
foV having lottery tickets in their posses
sion.
we leave again on Sunday night." The
extended Invitations were eagerly ac
cepted and one by one those on the list
of the select called and paid their re
spects. Herman Oelrichs -was the first to
greet the Easterners. He called while the
party was lunching in the ladies' grill
room. Smith came out and after a cordial
greeting insisted on Mr. Oelrichs "coming
in and having a 'small black' with the la
dies."
Mr. Smith is a Wall street broker who,
a few years ago, inherited a modest for
tune of something like $50,000,000. He is a
bachelor and is considered very eligible
in the most exclusive society circles of
New York. After the luncheon Mr. Smith
was approached by the local representa
tives of the press. He allowed them to
get within earshot of him. but at their
first Question as to how long the Ush
party would remain In the city, he as
sumed a startled air and beat a hasty re
treat He has a perfect horror of sketch
artists and decided that the most feasible
wav to avoid them was to keep out of
sight. He admitted, however, that this
was his first visit to the coast and he was
having a very cood time.
Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish is the wife of the
also on the bill, and the amateurs in spe
cialties to-night. :
TWO REPRESENTATIVES OF. NEW
YORK'S FOUR HUNDRED NOW \
VISITING THIS CITY.
president of the Illinois Central Railroad.
This is her third visit to San Francisco.
She is tall and a very handsome woman,
with an erect, graceful figure. Yester
day she wore a becoming gown and ap
peared to be in excellent spirits. She re
fused to be Interviewed, but referred all
members of the press to her secretary.
This young man recited a prepared speech
which ran something like this: ,
"Mrs. Stuyvesant Fish Is sorry, that" she
cannot see you. She is simply out here
on a pleasure trip. There have been 'no
Incidents of note since we left New York.
Thank you kindly for calling. Good day,
good day."
Barklle Henry, a Philadelphia banker,
accompanied by his wife, is also of the
party. He said that the members of
the party would be entertained by
Mrs. George Crocker at dinner to-night;
that they would also be Mrs. Crocker's
guest down at Burlingame and that they
will leave on Sunday evening for the East.
Mr. and Mrs. Lanfear XorrLe of New
York are also guests of Mrs. 1 Stuyvesant
Fish. Mr. Norrle's wife was formerly a
Miss Barbey of New York and her mother
was a Miss Lorillard. Francis Underhill.
the crack polo player of Santa Barbara,
completes the party. He Is well and pop
ularly known «*i the leading clubs of this
city and also at Burlingame. He met with
a severe accident while playing polo about
a year ago. and has never fully recovered.
As he good naturedly puts It, "Say that I
am a poor old cripple."
Yesterday the entire party rested and
nothing was down on the programme for
amusement. To-day they will take a drive
in the park before accepting Mrs. Crock
er's hospitality. A visit will also be made
to Chinatown.
GOVERNMENT AID
IS NOW DESIRED
Board of Trade Committee
Seeks Co-operation of
Other Bodies.
A very Important meeting will be hold
this afternoon in the rcoms of the San
Francisco Board of Trade relative to tho
muchly discussed topic of the establish
ment of a direct Una of steamers between
San Francisco and Manila. It is possible
that an alternative proposition will be en
tertained and that measures will be taken
to secure the co-operation of* the National
Government in providing- the desired fa
cilities. For some weeks a committee of
the San Francisco Board of Trade has
been gathering informadon from majiy
sources, the purpose of the work being
to ascertain what volume of freights couM
be safely expected to move from this pori
to Manila direct. Severa. meetings have
been held. A meeting of the committee
was held Tuesday afternoon.
It was then decided to ask the other
commercial bodies of the clty^the Mer
chants' Exchange, the Produce Ex
change, the Chamber of Commerce and
the Manufacturers' and Producers* Asso
ciation—to send representatives to a meet
ing to be held this afternoon. This
amounts to an enlargement of the com
mittee.
What will be done is enly to be conjec
tured. The proposition of requesting thosa
present to unite In a telegram to be ad
dressed to the Government at Washington
aaklng that some of the freight carried
by chartered vessels in the transport ser
vice for the army In thu Philippines be
transferred to regular lines now running
between San Francisco and the Orient, so
that It may be possible to run these
steamers direct to Marila without loss
has been talked over. Conferences haws
taken place between the committee and
the officials of the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company and the volume of freights ana
the Philippine business has been discussed
to some extent. It has appeared to be tha
fact that the business between San Fran
cisco and the Philippines on private ac
count is somewhat limited. Much of tha
through freights from the Middle Wcsi
is diverted from this port by the Northern
transcontinental lines and goes across
the ocean by the Empresa steamship line
Much business goes via the Suez canal.
Under all the conditions outlined In ch.s
foregoing It has c<rcurred to some of thos<»
concerned in the Philippine trade that the
aid of the Government might be invoked
profitably. This topic will come before
the enlarged committee for action thin
afternoon.
A musical* of unusual Interest will be
riven for the benefit of the Buford Free
Kindergarten of South San Francisco at
the Colonial Hotel Friday at 3 p. m. Be
sides an interpretation of several numbers
of Wagner by Miss Anne Wilson, selec
tions by local vocal artists will be ren
dered.
The Buford Kindergarten is a worthy
charitable organization, whose efforts are
constantly being exercised in behalf of the
children of the poor of South San Fran
cisco. This organization Is accomplishing
a splendid work and never before has
had to ask for outside assistance, but
owing: to the unusual demands made upon
its resources by reason of its constantly
expanding field of usefulness this con
cert has been arranged. It promioes to be
well attended, for many of the best known
women of the city are lending their efforts
toward Its success.
Theatrical matters are conspicuously
quiet this week. Two theaters, the Cali
fornia and Grand Opera-house, are dark
for the week, the latter in consequence of
the failure of the Sembrich Opera Com
pany to fulfill Its engagement. The Cali
fornia opens April 15 with Neil Burgess
in the "County Fair." and Morosco's
will present a new Eastern stock com
pany in a spectacular production of
"Cliidcrtlla" on Saturday evening, April 6.
The Frohman production of "The Little
Minister," minus all the New York stars
that lent their stellar glory to the play.
Is on for this and next week at the Co
lumbia Theater. The play itself Is a dis
tinct success. Mr. Barries dramatization
of his ¦rharminp novel hclnp as clever as
the hook itself, but the company that Mr.
Frohman presents Is hardly adequate to
the task of presentation.
The Tirol] is doinp pood business with
"The Wedding Day." now in its second
wo«?k. It is one of the be*=t things they
have put on, and will doubtless -wear well
for another couple of weeks. "The Idol's
Eye." or.** of last year's most popular
operas, will follow.
The Alcazar has a winner in "Too Much
Johnson," which clear and sprig-htly Gil
lette farce is drawing excellent houses.
"Tennessee's Pardnor" is announced for
next week's bill.
"Uncle Tom'F Cabin" is at the Central
Theater this week. The old drama has
Ix^en gAen a more than usual elaborate
production and has received favorable
commcrt. The management announces
in* er.jrsgeir.pnt of Robert Downing, the
tragedian, as a permanent addition to the
force*; of the Central Theater. Mr. Down
ing will appear on Monday evening next
in one of his most noted efforts, "The
Gladiator."
Pap'.nta is In her last -week at the Or
pheum. Other numberr on the popular
bill are the famous tabbies. Techow's
rats; M;:rie Wainwriffht and her company,
Kdward Eisner. Burt Shephard. Callahan
r.r.6 Mark. Scott and Wilson. Smith and
<"amr>bell and Bunth and Kudd.
William McDonald, Aku Aabador. Mer
leita. the Fi«*chtls. Olive Vail. Lillian
Jranette. A. B. Bentley and HInrlchs' or
chestra are th*» attractions at Fischer's
Concert House this week.
The Chutes and Zoo have a good attrac
tion this week in the Barnes big dog and
pony Ehow. Leah May, the giantess. Is
Miss Anne Wilson and Others to
Assist in. Entertainment to
Be Given in. Colonial
Hotel.
Musicals for Benefit of Poor
Children of South San
Francisco.
TO SING AID
OF KINDERGARTEN
Standard Company . Making Exper
iment That Will Have Interesting
Besult&rrRates for . Trans
portation Discussed. ,
The prtsent week is fraught with Inter
est to the oil producers of. California. On
Saturday, next the Standard Oil Company
will open bids for supplying 25,000 barrels
of oil. Bidders are given the option to
furnish the entire quantity of 25,000 bar
rels or ar.y part of the same. ,^ The seem
ing purpose of this option is to get as
many bids as possible and so determine
what the oil producers will sell their prod
uct for. What effect this move will have
on. the price of oil is a question which is
concerning 1 the trade generally. Much'de
pends on the producers, who are invited
to compete practically without regard to
quantity, in naming a price at which they
will sell. According to very good author
ity, the Kern River district alone, which
is now the largest producer in the produc
ing section of the State, can pump 15,000
barrels per day. with the present wells
working to their full capacity. The Ba
kerslield Californlan," which Is near the
field, makes these figures and adds that
not one-nf th of that amount is being mar
keted now "and not a few companies are
reservolrlng their oil, pending the time
when a market is opened."
Superintendent Miller- of the Standard
Oil makes the statement that the offer of
the company to buy 25,000 barrels Is purely
experimental and that the result will de
termine the future course of tho company.
What will the producers sell their oil for
under such conditions? There has not
been a more interesting question asked
in California since . {he oil industry as
sumed such large proportions. /
The Transportation Hatter, j
Coincldentally comes the report of a com
mittee to the California Petroleum Min
ers' Association, which deals in statistics
to some extent. It sets forth that the
oil producers of McKittrick find serious
fault because they have to pay the same
rates for moving their, oil. to Bakersfield
that they pay to San Francisco, ¦while the
Kern River district producers 'complain,
that it costs them more to deliver their
oil In San Francisco, than it does the Mc-
Kittrick producers. The discussion of the
rate problem is of general interest. The
committee says in part: ¦•
The charge should be uniform, irrespective of
the length of haul, for the reason that the
production of crude oil In f this State has be
come a great industry, and when considering
a rule of action or the measure of rates to .be
charged, the fact of encouraging an Industry
rather than destroying It should be taken into
consideration. If rates are made favorable to
one locality they necessarily must be unfavor
able to another, and we who are at present
producing oil in the Sunset. McKittrick, Coal
lnga and Kern River districts would cer
t.aln>y feel injured If new oil discoveries wera
made say, for instance. In the neighborhood of
Mount Diablo, and the producers be enabled to
railroad their oil into San Francisco at such
rates, based on distance, as would shut out
oil produced in the districts named. If the
rate Is uniform, no new discovery, no matter
how near the point of consumption, could bar
the oil produced in localities more remote.
The actual cost of transportation of a car car
rying from 150 to 175 barrels of oil Is, when
loaded, 3 cents per mllfi per car. In view of the
fact that the urade from our California oil
fields to San Francisco is down grade, it is
reasonable to suppose that the cost here is less
than the 3 cents per mile above mentioned.
But taking that as the actual cost to the rail
road companies, then the cost of transporting
a car of oil from I3akersfield to San Francisco,
a distance of 312 miles, would be $9 36; and
allowing the same rate In returning the empty
car the total cost would be, from point of
shipment • to destination and return, J18 11.
whereas the charges now are from $63 to $73 50
per car, accor'lnc to . the number of barrels
carried.
The committee recommends a rate of 23
cents per barrel, irrespective of the dis
tance to San Francisco, and quotes the
following:- (
"When oil. was first discovered it was selltng
at $2 50 per barrel, and the freight charge was
from 62 cents to 65 cents, about 25 per cent ot
tho celling: price of ttie oil. When the price
of oil fell to $2 and J2 10 per barrel, the rail
road of Its own accord reduced the transporta
tion charges to 52 cents per barrel. "When ths
price of. oil was reduced to $1 60 or $1 70 per
barrel, the transportation rate went to 42
cent3 per barrel, at which It has since been
maintained, notwithstanding the price of oil
has greatly fallen. It will be seen that the
railroad charges have been always In the
neighborhood of 25 per cent of the selling price
of the oil, nnd the present rate should be re
duced accordingly.
The freight rate, with oil at the present
price, Is a matter of great importance to
the producers.
Work in tho Field.
There are now about 50.000 acres filed
upon for oil in the Mojave desert. It is
reported that a trace of oil has been
found on the desert, about twenty miles
west from Barstow, In San Bernardino
County.
Mucn excitement is reported to exist in
Chico on account of the discovery of an
oil seepage about six miles north of the
town on O. L. Clark's ranch. The oil was
first seen by a farmer, and It was floating
on a creek. The discoverer traced it up
and found where the oil was oozing from
the ground.
Drilling for oil has begun on a tract of
10,400 acres near Vacaville. The Vacavllle
Reporter says that State Mineralogist
Cooper looked the land over and found
that there was gas escaping from several
places, but he would not hazard an opin
ion concerning the probability of finding
oil in paying quantities. -Another opinion
was secured. After some delays the ma
chinery was bought and work is under
way. *
Development work in the vicinity of Gil
roy. says the Gllroy Gazette, is extremely
active. Before the fnd of May there will
be thirty-two derricks in operation. About
4000 acres of the Dunne ranch have been
leased to a company for a term of ten
years. The lands are taken on a. royalty
and the agreement is that drilling must
begin within ninety days.
9
Present Week Indicates the
Price Producers Will
OIL PRODUCERS
TESTING MARKET
The proceedings yesterday In the trial of
Peter McGlade, ex-bookkeeper In the of
fice of Superintendent of Streets, were
devoted 'to legal ; arguments between the
attorneys for the prosecution and the de
fens© as to the admission in evidence of
the "John Sullivan" salary warrant,
which McGlado is allseed to have forged.
The Jury was granted a vacation aiv.l
after hearing the arguments of counsel
the ' day closed with a victory for the
prosecution by the decision of Judge Mc'
vln to allow the disputed document to.be
filed as evidence in the case.' .
The objection of Attorney Lennon, for
tho defense,' as to the admission . of the
alleged forged document was of vital in
terest. If the document had' been denied
admission to the record the result would
have been that Expert* Kytka and his
elaborate display of enlarged specimens
of handwriting would nave been thrown
out of. court and the case for the people
would have falien to the ground. Attor
ney Lennon's much vaunted claim that
the "corpus delicti" hau not been proved
would have held good ai-d McGlade would
have gone forth a. free man.
Attorneys Fear Court's Displeasure.
Judge Melvin* s threat of Tuesday that
he would punish the opposing counsel for
breach of court rules had its effect yes
terday. Attorney Lenncn was as mild as
a lamb and neither District Attorney By
ington nor Assistant Eugene . Deupr.?/
"mixed" in their, oratorical displays.
Judge Melvin kept an eve on the counsel
and, despite a few pardonable infractions
of the order, the lawyers did not offend
the dignity of the court.
Theodore Kytka.the argumentative hand
writing expert, was called to the witness
stand when court convened In the morn
ing. Before Kytka had a chance to ex
plain his exhibits Attorney Lennon start
ed off on a long argument. He tried it
head off Kytka's .proposed testimony
by arguing that the "John Sulli
van" salary warrant was not a subject
of forgery in that it did not comply with
the law in its composition. The attorney
for the defense soucht to prove his con
tention by producing various resolutions
of the Board of Supervisors and the con
solidation act and pending the arrival of
the same Kytka was allowed to explain
his enlarged specimens of handwriting.
When Kytka started in to explain the
photographic exhibit on his 15-foot screen
some of the jurors took a hand in the pro
ceedings. The expert persisted in sayin?
"This is taken from the salary warrant
forged by Peter McGlade," or "This U
Irom the books of the ofllce and in the
writing of McGlade.** Attorney Lennon
scored a point by having the testimony
thus presented stricken from the record.
Some of the jurors wanted to know why
the "salary warrant" so frequently men
tioned was not in' evidence and also If
Kytka was employed by prosecution anri
defense. To these queries Judge Melvin
replied that the questions were improper.
Expert Kytka Talks at Length.
Kytka was Instructed to exolaln his
screen and for an hour the expert 'tcld
how he had taken {specimens of writing
from the books of the Superintendent oi
Streets and .enlarged them by his photo
graphic process, the same- being- done with
the writing on the alleged forged salary
warrant. •
While Kytka was in the midst of his ex
planation Clerk McGinnls of the Board ot
Supervlpors arrived ' with the documents
desired by Attorney Lennon.* '¦¦ McGlnnis
was placed on the stand and testified as
to certain resolutions of the Board of Su
pervisors and the consolidation act, which
he produced. These documents were
placed in evidence by the defense.
At the request of the defense John Sulli
van, the hodcarrier, was recalled to the
stand and testified that he had never lived
at 3036 Twenty-second street at any time.
Lennon sought to prove by the witness
that he was not the "John Sullivan" de
scribed in tho "salary warrant" and that
his testimony previously given was of no
value in that he had sworn that he had
never indorsed the alleged forged war
rant. •
Lennon Hakes Long Argument.
Lennon then started in to display his
forensic ability. He argued that the
"John Sullivan" salary warrant was Ille
gal on its face and that McGlade could
not be charged with forging an illegal
document. The grounds of L.ennon's ar
gument were that th« warrant did not
comply with the law and that if the City
Auditor had known his business he would
not have been deceived by £uch a docu
ment. He argued that the warrant ought
to have given in detail the work it repre
sented to have been done and that it was
not sworn to before a duly authorized per
se n to administer an oath. Lennon talked
until the hour of the noon recess.
When court convened for the afternoon
the Jury was excused until this morning,
pending the arguments of the attorneys
as to admission in evidence of the "John
Sullivan" salary warrant.
Deuprey Argues for Prosecution.
Assistant District Attorney Deuprey
made a lengthy argument opposing the
contentions of counsel for the defense and
cited decisions to show that the prosecu
tion had fully proved that the "John Sul
livan" salary' warrant should be allowed
in evidence. Counsel for the people quoted
decisions to show that a paper which on
Its face bore tho purport for which it was
issued was sufficient proof of intent and
calculation to defraud if the party utter
ing it knew that it was a fraudulent docu
ment. .. . .
Attorney Deuprey argued that the Penal
Code provided that if any person wrote
and uttered a paper calculated to defraud,
that person was guilty of forgery. Many
other decisions were quoted by Deuprey
to prove his side of the case.
Attorney Lennon made an argument in
reply on the same lines he had followed
out in the morning. .
Judge Melvin Gives Decision.
Judge Melvin, when the arguments were
closed, gave his decision. He said that,
though tho laws in qther States were con
flicting on the subject, the law ln- p Cali
fornia was perfectly clear. The Judge
read a number of decisions showing that
the "John Sullivan" salary warrant came
within the statute of forgery and said:
"There may be certain irregularities and
informalities in this salary warrant, but
I will rule that it "be allowed in evidence
in this case." ¦ ,". -..••:.
A rumor gained currency yesterday In
the Hall of Justice that two of the jurors
trying McGlade were friendly to the de
fendant and that they would hold out for
a disagreement when the jury retired to
consider its verdict. The matter was
openly boasted of In the halls of the
building. ¦.'.;¦ ;. ¦¦.••-•; ;
Forensic Battle to Prevent
Introduction of Vital
Judge Melvin Allows Alleged Forged
Salary Warrant to Be Placed. •
; on. Record of the
LAWYERS ARGUE
McGLADE CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 1901.
It Includes the Richest Bachelor in America,
the "Silent Mr. Smith" of New York.
MRS. STUYVESANT FISH'S
PARTY ARRIVES IN TOWN
MBS. STUYVESANT FISH Of
New York, accompanied by a
few personal friends, including
J.- Henrv Smith, better known
as "The Silent Mr. Smith," ar
rived here yesterday in their private cars
from Monterey, and arc staying at the
Palace.
Immediately upon their arrival In the *
city a few of the swell set were notified
by telephone that the party was "located
at the Palace:" "awfully nice rooms;"
"charmed If you -would drop down and •
see us," and "Yes, we won't be here long.
5
OR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
For tha cure of GONORRHEA. GLEETS'.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of Um
Organs of Oeneratlon.
Price SI a bottle. For iala by druffxtita.
SAUNAS OIL AKD DEYEUPMENT CO.
1SS0 ACRES IJJ MONTEREY COUNTY.
Well down S0O feet; small amount of treasury
stock at 15c per share. Prospectus and map
and information on application. J. B. OLSEN,
Secretary, 574 Parrott building, San Francisco.
Weak Men and Women
USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THX
*•-* great Mexican remedy; elves health ajjcl
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 332 Market.
NAPA AND i BERRTES3A VALLET OIX.
COMPANY— Controls 1000 acres of U. S. patent-
ed land In Napa County where the finest lubri-
cating oil In California U. found: stock at 20
cents; prospectus furnished. 670 and (71 Parrott
building.' San Francisco. HMyjUt&IUaMdtftJBlLBHtUI
1146 Market Street, S, F,
HK-.mnii.RBS
valises checked fre*
In a company owning producing well.
; , . . 20c ! Per Share.
Write or call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL. CO.. 471 Parrott Building-
Investors' Assured Stock
T^bia WiTiiuUr rLATES.
Our Work in This Line is Esoccialiy
Good and ; Durab'le,
CROWN AND BRIDGE WORK
Which will Rive : satisfaction to the
most particular. Every detail is care-
fully .considered and skillfully worked
out. No ill fitting ''or defective parts/
BRIDGE WORK $5.OO.
133 PoweliSt. Chalmers Co.
: I have made a business of hon-
esty from the start, but have not
eliminated the sentiment of it; I
have found it a good policy— not
original," but uncommon— and I
have stuck to it.
JAS. R.T. MERSHON,
537, 538, 539, 550 PARROTT BUILDING
SAN ' FRANCISCO.' CAI*.
Memrer of San Francisco OU Exchange.
SUITS MADE TO ORDER-PERFECT FIT GUARANTEED.
.¦ - '
$10.00, $15.00 and $20.00, will be placed on sale at
HALF REGULAR PRICE.
LADIES' SILK AND WOOL CAPES, price $5.00, $7.50,
150 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE JACKETS, QQ rft
value for $5.00, will be placed on sale at &Zl UU
200 SILK WAISTS, in the new shade of green, good value
for $5.00, will be placed on sale at, each. .. Aft rft
v. — 0/1 OU
100 LADIES' SILK UNDERSKIRTS, regular value for
$20.00, $25.00, $30.00 and $40.00. The entire line will
be closed out at the low price of ; tfj I r ft ft
r • •••• VlwlUU
100 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, Qlfl flfl
value for $20.00, will be placed on sale at ulUiUU
100 LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS, value for $10.00,
* $12.50 and $15.00, will be placed on sale. at QC Hfl
California Fortune Oil Co*
80 acres Sunset. SO acres McKittrick. 32ft acres
In Coalinga. Now drilling in Sunset. Limited
amount of stock at 50c. Information and pros-
pectus furnished on application to E. DEN-
1CKE. Secretary, room 614 Parrott bids. S. F.
DIRECTORY OF REPUTABLE OIL COMPANIES
Lands In heart of McKittrick District,! ad-
joining: larce producing wells. Small block of
stock for sale. Prospectus and Information fur-
nished at room (OS Safe Deposit . Buildlnjr, 323
Montgomery at. -,•"'¦ " ¦' " '•
SILVER STAR . OIL CO.
THE WELLINGTON
OF SUNSET— PROVEN OIL LAND.'
Controls 440 acres. Are driUlac. 8om» stock
Is being sold at 50c per share. Information and
prospectus furnlsbed on application. No. L
Second Floor. Mills Building. S»n Franctsooi
OIL -WATER.
W. W. MONTAGUE & GO.,
MANUFACTURE
IRON PIPE
FOR OIL WELLS. FOR IRRIGATION FOR
POWER PLANTS. FOR MINES.
TANKS
FOR OIL. FOR WATER. FOR CYAXTDSJ
PLANTS.
SAN FRANCISCO.
COLUSA
- CONSOLIDATED
630 MARK ;T ST., San Francisco.
Owns 4114 - acres 8 miles j west of Arbuckle.
Colu&a County, in the heart of the oil district.
Parafflne base- oil. Limited amount of stock
at 50c. 30,000 shares sold in 10 days. Informa-
tion and prospectus furnished. Office
COMPANY
OIL and REFINING
One well finished producing over 4C0 bbln.
per day. Well No. 2 commenced. "Water well
completed. Small amt. of stock at 50 cents.
393 Parrott bid*.. . S. F.
aFmoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS IN KERN RIVER , DISTRICT.
SPECIAL PURCHASE.
JUST ARRIVED FROM THE LEADING NEW YORK MANUFACTURERS
. - , ¦
WILL PLACE ON SALE
My Dear Doctor. — "It gives me pleasure to certify to the excellent
curative qualities of your medicines — Peruna and Manalin. I have been
afflicted more or less fora quarter of a century with catarrh of the stomach
and constipation. A residence in Washington has increased these troubles.
A few bottles of your medicine have given me almost complete relief, and I
am sure that a continuation of them will offset a permanent cure. Peruna
is surely a wonderful remedy for catarrhal affections," — «/. D. Boikin,
Congressman-at-Large.
CONGRESSMAN BOTKIN is one of
the most Influential and best known
men In the State of Kansas. What-
ever he may say on any subject will be
accepted ¦ by the people as the truth. So
famous a remedy as Peruna could not
have well escaped the attention of so
famous a man. He not only has heard of
the remedy, but he has used it and was
relieved of an. affliction of twenty-five
years' standing. Peruna Is the one inter-
nal remedy that-cures chronic catarrh. It
cures catarrh wherever located. This is a
fact that the people are. rapidly finding
out, but there are still a large multitude
who need to know it.
Mr. Frank Richter of Winona. Minn.,
says in a letter to The Peruna Medicine
Company:
"As a remedy for catarrh I take pleas-
ure in recommending Peruna for. catarrh
of the stomach. I know what it is to be
afflicted with this awful disease, and con-
sider It my duty to say a word in behalf
of the remedy which gave me such relief.
Peruna cured me. and I know It will cure
any one else who suffers from this dis-
ease. It gives me great pleasure to testify
to the curative effects of this medicine.
Peruna is a well tested and frequently
used remedy, and for catarrh of the stom-
ach it is unsurpassed.
"My catarrh was principally located In
my head and stomach. I tried many rem-
edies without success. I tried several doc-
tors but they were unable to cure me. I
read of Peruna in the papers, and five
bottles cured me."— Frank Richter.
The gastric juice is secreted by the mu-
cous follicles of the stomach. When this
juice is normal it digests (dissolves) the
food without producing any disturbance
whatever. If, however, the gastric juice
ia not normal. 'digestion causes many dis-
agreeable symptoms. This condition is
known as Indigestion. Peruna will cure
this. ¦. .;: '
Mrs. Sellna Tanner. Athens, O.. wrttes:
"I cannot find words to express my
«?.....«. -»-»-» f thank3 for your
f ' nrt ? kind advice. I
? v**°" i^i?!!^v ? n « v e r once
? S^f~ -55%. ? thought I had
? JSfe.iW[rSSfWk • catarrh of the
4 i&r ? stomach. I com-
n Is 3E5 ? menced taklns
11 S *-% ,»-»w\&* <« Peruna as you
n \f& P$» Wi n directed. My
'<>=', -y- *l 11 stomach contin-
'' ' -' \ / p«\ * ? Ue< * to hurt mo
I \ *T jF I for about two
n s£&:~ ** ' JP ' k weeks after I
? Wm^mteitZ^ I De san the medi-
? i^^T^i^Fas*. I cine, and then
I ! Jt "topped. I now
I have a good ap-
""^^SSySaisi^ ! petite, -while be-
yfA?y?jFz ' fore I was near-
*•"••••"•¦•••• * ner.
Mr. L. O. Marble of Geneva, Nebr.,
writes:
"I do believe that my catarrh Is entire-
ly cured. I have not had any trouble with
my stomach for a Ions time. I am as well
as one of my age could expect (70 years).
I have had the catarrh ever since I was a
youns man, and have doctored for It for
years and got very little better, but
thanks to you and your Peruna and Man-
alin. I believe I am well of it. I can eat
anything now and It doesn't hurt me. and
Peruna Is the only thins I have ever
found that will cure the catarrh. I be-
lieve it fs the only cure for catarrh, and T
hope every one troubled with catarrh will
try Peruna and be cured." — I* O. Marble.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from. the use of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman, giving a
full statement of your casfe.- and he will
be pleased to Rive you his valuable advice
gratis. " " - ;*v * •
Address Dr. Hartman. president of the
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
More Evidence of Interest to the Millions o? Catarrh
in the United States.
AITER TWENTY-FIVE TEARS' SUFFERING
The Weil-Known Kansas Statesman, Cured of
Catarrh of the Stomach by Pe-ru-na,
ADVERTISEMENTS.
o HON. J. D. BOTKIN, CONGRESSMAN-AT-LARGE FROM KANSAS.
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOQOOOOC
In a recent letter to Dr. Hartman, Congressman Botkin of Winfleld, Kan*.,
whose fame is a national one, says o* Peruna:
Full of on
Oil up to top of casing ia oar
well In Sunset.; Within 150 feet
of our •'• property are 'Monarch,
! Arcola, Uold Dollar, Occidental,
Superior and Barrett wells . Stock ,
onlj 25c. Going fast Write or
I call. V |__
Iroquois Oil Go.
615 -Examiner B'ld'g S. F.Wu Ting Fang has once more risen up to say thai
theiChinese were civilized when the races now occupy
ing Europe and America: were barbarians; and now
we have to consider whether, a man can be justly con
sidered a good diplomatist when he goes about raking
up old sores in that reckless sort of way. •
. Dispatches from Chicago announce that a youna
man has started out to. make himself king of the coni
market and has thus far been very successful. Jus;
now, they are calling him the "Napoleon of the corn
pit," but to-morrow his name may be Dennis.
The object of his law is just as plain as the moun
tains of his State. It is not to -prevent the prosecu
tion of former polygamists by persons outside their
families. It is. to enable the church to safely resume
polygamy as a religious institution and hold those
who practice it harmless and safe from the law.
In urging such a palpable violation of its pledged
faith we assure the Mormon hierarchy that it makes
a' capital mistake.
Bad faith is odiou3 under any circumstances, and
in this breach there is no element that can tolerate
cr excuse it.
The country will be roused to indignation and an
amendment to the Federal'cohstitution will be adopted
within two years that 7 will brand Utah as leprous and
pestiferous, and leave upon her honor and the good
name of the church that rules her a stain that cannot
be washed out. . .
AS we predicted, the* Utah law which prevents
any prosecution for polygamy except on com
plaint of husband or wife is already put for
ward as similar to the adultery statutes of other
Spates.-
Senator Evans, its author, says: "My object in
presenting the bill was twofold. . In the first place it
was intended to keep down public agitation by taking
.-nvay from certain agitators *he opportunity to arouss
periodic furors against the Mormons directly, and
indirectly against the State of Utah, and for that rea
son its primary purpose was for the good of, the
State. I believe that a general act upon our statute
books in conformity with the laws of Michigan, Min
nesota, Iowa, Oregon and v North Dakota, and even
more liberal laws, would create much less agitation
throughout the country than the practice which has
heretofore been resorted- to of arresting every few
weeks some Mormon, on a charge of unlawful co
habitation and having the arrest announced in flam
ing headlines by all the newspapers throughout the
country which can be induced to take up an anti-
Mormon crusade. Everybody knows that these ar
rests have been made for political and religious pur
poses and not with any patriotic desire to* enforce the
law." t
It is quite interesting that any man can be as blind
as the Senator pretends to 'be. ¦*
TME MORMON IDEfl.
MARYLAND'S ELECTION LflW.
GORMAN'S. ambition to regain powjer in Mary
land has led the Democratic majority in the
Legislature of that State to enact an election
law which has revived public interest in the suppres
sion of the negro vote in the Southern States, and
may probably raise it to the position of an important
if not the chief issue in our politics until redress has
been obtained. The Maryland law is cunningly de
vised. It is apparently a frank adoption of the Austra
lian ballot pure and simple, but it really provides a
system of voting that cannot be used by the illiterate
voter unless he should, receive assistance from the.
election officers, and it has been stated that the pro-,
visions of the law regulating the selection of those
officers are such as to enable the Democratic machine
to entirely control the elections and virtually dictate
the result.
The Baltimore American says there are 26,000 col
ored illiterates in Maryland, most of whom are Re
publicans, and 18,000 white illiterates, most of whom
are Democrats. Thus if all should be excluded, and
no trickery resorted to, the Republicans would still
sustain a much heavier loss in voting strength than
the Democrats. That fact and its significance are so
well understood it is taken as a foregone, conclusion
that Got man can be re-elected to the Seriate if he de
sires. In fact, the Democrats have apparently cap
tured the State, and :hey have effected it by a cun
ning method of disfranchising the colored vote.
There is one ray of light in the situation. The Re
publican leaders are busily engaged in urging the
negroes to learn how to read so that they will be able
to vote notwithstanding the Democratic scheme. In
commenting upon that phase of the issue the Ameri
can says: "The colored illiterates are eager to learn
to read and to distinguish the names on the ballots,
nor have they, for the sake of receiving instruction,
any hesitancy in coming forward and confessing their
illiteracy. The case with the white illiterates is en
tirely different. New as is 'this agitation, it has been
already demonstrated that the whites resent the im
position of an educational qualification, and that they
wilf lose their votes rather than confess their inability
to properly distinguish the names" on the ballots. In
view of this.it is indisputable that, while striving for
a mean partisan advantage; the Democrats are daily
shaping the proposed new election law after the man
ner of a boomerang, which in the end- will turn and
strike them that _ threw it."
Should the law have the effect thus suggested it
would be one more instance, of good resulting from
evil. In the meantime it is to be noted that the sub
ject has aroused the nttention of earnest men who be
licvc that the suppression of the colored vote by the
Democrats has been carried too far. According to re
ports from Washington : "Leading Republican mem
bers of Congresssay that at its next session Congress
cannot refuse to ignore this wholesale denial of the right
of suffrage to men who are entitled to it under the
, Federal constitution, and that a bill will be pressed for
RESULTS OF VOTING MACHINES.
SHORTLY after the Presidential election last fall
The Call directed attention to reports from dif
ferent cities concerning the results obtained
i'cm balloting machines. Since that time the re«
ports have been more carefully studied and the net re-j
suits of machine voting more accurately determined.
The conclusions which have been published in the
March number of the "Annals of the American
Academy"' amply sustain the advocates of the nevv
system of voting and confirm almost everything that
lias been said in favor of the machines.
From the summary given in the "Annals" it ap
pears that in New York State alone 277 machines were
r:-ed in twenty-five different cities, including Buffalo,
a city of sufficient population to put the mechanism
iind the system to a thorough test. In that city the
¦voting went on in the different wards at rates vary
ing from 80 to 150 votes an hour. There was" no
breakdown, hitch or trouble with the machines. In
oi:c instance where time was kept it was noted that
nirie men voteH within two minutes, and two of them
c'tclared they had spiit their tickets. In eleven of the
voting districts of the city over 800 names were on
the register, and jet so swiftly did the machines per
mit voting to be carried on that not only did every
Jiisn have ample time to vote, but there were por
t-ions of the day when the machines were idle. Out
cf a total vote of 66,Coo upward of 70 per cent had
voted by noon.
A notable feature of the system is the quickness
with which the returns were obtained. The report of
the voting at Buffalo sa\-s: "The polls closed at 5
p. m., and shortly before that time a swift bicycle
rider reported at every polling place with a label on
h«s wheel which gave him right of wax over every
thing on the street and permission to make his utmost
speed. In less than five minutes after the polls close 1
full reports from every district were on their way to
the City Hall. * * * The results in all places
where voting machines were used were placed at once
en the wires of the Associated Press and the Bell
Telephone Company and were communicated to both
Presidential candidates before 6 p. m." To show the
advantage of the machine by contrast with the old
system the report states that in 1896 it took eight
hours and thirty minutes to finish and file the returns
from! Buffalo.
• Speed, however, is not the only good result -from
the machines. It was proven that with the machine
it is just as easy to split a ticket as to vote it straight
snd in general the splitting was done much more
accurately than in voting the Australian ballot under
ihe old plan. Thus by the reports from Northampton,
Mass., where seven machines were used, averaging
4>) voters to the machine, it was found that the num
ber of blank votes was decreased at least 50 per cent
ns compared with thotc of 1806.
At Ithcxa, N. Y., where 2800 votes were polled, the
citv clerk estimates that the machine saves the city
UTnvard of $500 a year in printing expenses and the
salaries of election officers. It is noted, moreover,
that the result of the vote in that city at the last elec
tion was known accurately within fifteen minutes after
the polls closed.
.Speaking of the subject generally the report says
of the machine system: "It is fair, rapid, accurate,
ccoromica! and as nearly fraud-proof as it is possible
:«.r any human device to be. The first and absolutely
necessary step in all referm is to make sure that every
election is an honest one— is a real expression of the
people's will — and this the voting machine docs with
"<>::t any uncertainty whatever. * * * The name
oi ever)' candidate nominated appears plainly before
tiie eye of the voter, where he cannot help seeing it,
s^d all candidates are on exactly the same footing,
because it is just as eisy to move one indicator as
Finally, it is to be noted that the use of the ma
chines will be largely increased in the next elections.
Cleveland. Ohio, has voted to a^Iopt them, and Chi
cago and Philadelphh arc moving toward the same
end. In fact, the Pennsylvania Legislature is ex
pected to provide for the adoption of the machines
throughout the Stats.
LIGHT AND LOCOMOTIVE— E. . City.
Light travels from the sun to the earth, a
distance of about 95.000.000 miles, in about
eight minutes. A locomotive traveling at
the rate of sixty miles an hour without
interruption would require upoward of ISO
years to travel that distance.
CEMENT— A Subscriber. Dillons Beach.
Cal. As you do not mention what kind of
cement you wish to be informed about. It
is impossible to give In this department
the composition of every kind of cement
that ia known. State the kind of cement
and the answer will be given.
THE SENSES— R.. Berkeley, Cal. "When
a person falls asleep the senses, so It 1.-*
asserted, surrender to the spell in the fol
lowing order: Sight, tasta. smell, hearing,
touch. The sense of touch is the lightest
pleeper and most easily awakened, then
hearing, then sight, then taste and then
smell.
TRANS-SIBERIAN RAILWAY — R.,
Berkeley, Cal. It has been calculated that
when the Trans-Siberian Railway Is com
pleted It will be possible to make the tour
of the world in thirty-five days. The esti
mate of time as furnished by the Russian
Minister of Railways Is as follows: St
Petersburg to Vladivostok, ten days-
Vladivostok to San Francisco, ten days-
San Francisco to New York, four and a
half days; New York to Bremen, seven
days, and Bremen to St. Petersburg, on©
and a half days. •
PILOT— J. C, Sacramento, Cal. The
Pacific Mail Steamship Company holds
that the master of one* of its vessels has
supreme command and that the pilot
when In charge has not. In England~d.ur
ing the r>erlod of his charge, the whole re
sponsibility of the safe conduct of the
vessel devolves upon the pilot: except un
der extraordinary circumstances, such as
where It Is evident that the pilot Is acting
rashly, or is Intoxicated, or is palpably
incompetent, a master would not be justi
fied In interfering with the pilot. A pilot
must when in chanr* of a vessel arriving
In the port of San Francisco safely moor
the vessel in such position as the master
of the vessel or the harbor master mar
direct. ¦ • ,
ACCOMPANYING A LADY-G. E..
City. A writer on social etiquette says'
"It Is usual when walking in a crowded
thoroughfare for a gentleman to keep to
the left of a lady tn order to prevent her
from being jostled by the paasers-bv
This without any reference to the m««!.i«i
or outside of the walk." There is anothe?
who declares that "when a gentlcnnn i«
walking with a lady on a sidewalk"" *
his place to be by her side, he to ti near
est to th- street. If in crossing a st -ee t
he Is on the same side that he was when
£ e . W K? ™»' kl "S *lth her before crowlS
1^5 h !R dut ?n to - Step back an(1 move be
hind her until ne resumes his place bv
her being nearest the street. Tnl* H
to Insure the safety of the lady from an v
unexpected rush frcm the street to t^
walk." You now have two decision, and
you may take your choice. 3i "«" »™
Choice candles. Towr.send's. Palace Hotel '
Cal. glace fruit 50c p»r lb at Tpwnaentl'a.'
Special informatfon supplied dally to
business houses and public men oy ih*
P»ess Clipping Bureau 513 Moiu-
Coraery «t. Telephone Main 1042. MO[ i-
At Coventry; England.-, all the tools and
steel work In a watchmaker's faeto-y
were rendered Useless by being magnet
ized during a thunderstorm. 5 v
To rebuild wasted tissue and fortify «r»tem
against sudden changea of fall and winter, doc
: tors recommend EhT.Sieserf* Angostura Bitters.
A PROFESSOR— Reader, Santa Rosa.
Cal. As the professor asked about is not
a public man the department cannot grlve
you his address, as it does not advertise
any business or profession.
COINS— M. F.. Dutch Flat, Cal. A'quar
ter of 17S3 does not command a premium,
nor do half dollars of 1S19, 1S27. 1S20, 1S30
and 1S39. These might command a pre
mium from some one who Is making a col
lection.
THEATERS— S., City. About once a
month thi3 department receives a ques
tion about the seating capacity of two of
the local theaters. The question has been
answered a dozen times.
SOAP BUBBLE— E., City. The reason
a soao bubble exhibits so many colors ia
because the thickness of the film through,
which the rays of light pass ia constantly
varying.
NYANZA-P. W. K., City. Nyanza. a3
for Instance Victoria Nyanza and Albert
Nyanza in Africa, is lake, and 13 the
native expression for Lake Victoria, and
Lake Albert.
AN INVENTION— C. B.. City. If a man
who Is poor has a valuable invention that
he cannot have patented he should con
sult a reliable patent agent, who will ad
vise him what to do.
KING OF SPAIN— H. S., Nipomo. Cal.
Alfonso XIII, King of Spain, tvas born
May 17, 1SS6, nearly six months after tho
death of his father, Alfonso XII.
GRAND OPERA HOUSE— W. F. K..
City. The seating capacity of the Grand
Opera-house is about 2500. That of tha
Chutes Theater Is about 2000.
INDIANA— R., Berkeley, Cal. Indiana
is Indian, and means land of Indiana.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, March 27.— The follow
ing Callfornians have arrived at the ho
tels: Raleish— Mr. und Mrs. A. W.
Brown; Shoreham— L. A. Schwabachcr;
Arlington— Samuel Wnsht. all of San
Francisco.
NEW YORK, March 27.-Tbe following
Calif i»rnlans are In New York: From San
Francisco — L- Seissler, at the Imperial;
Miss Musser. at the Manhattan; J. H.
Spoker, at the Herald Square; Mrs. F.
Stenbank, at the Manhattan; M. Jones, at
the Hoffman; G. F. Kohl, at the Holland;
Mrs. L.. V. Levlson, at the Savoy; J. H.
Fannln, at the Imperial. „
From San Diego— M. F. Graat Jr., at
the Murray Hill. '¦ C-
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YOEK.
pijROM the office of "The Indian Rights Associa-
I tion," at Philadelphia, there has been issued a
pamphlet on the condition of "*the Mission
Indians of Southern California which presents a strik
ing array of evidence of wrongs committed against
the Indians and makes a strong plea for justice. '
The pamphlet was written by Constance Goddard
DuBcis, and contains extracts from reports, on the
conditions of the Indians by Helen Hunt Jackson and
Abbot Kinney, special commissioners of the Govern
ment: Mr. Estudillo," at" one time the Government
representative at the o gency; Father Ubach and Rev.
H. B. Restarick of San Diego and Rev. Joseph H.
Johnson of Los Angeles. All of the reports agree
that the Indians have. been badly treated; that their
condition is deplorable through no fault of their own.
and that immediate relief should be given by the Gov
ernment.
It appears from the reports that' much of the land
in the reservations set apart for the Mission Indians
is utterly barren, and that the whites have been con
tinually encroaching upon whatever portions of the
reservations as are worth having. It is said the reser
vation at Capitan Grande is "mostly made up of the
steep, bare sides of the mountain walls of the canyon,
and Father Ubach is quoted as saying "Capitan
Grande is a disgrace."
It is pointed out thaMvith the Mission Indians we
do not have to combat the habit of nomadic exist
ence. They were partially civilized long ago by
the efforts of the Spanish friars, who taught them not
only religion but the practice of industry and thrift:
Their very pe^ceableness, however, appears to be
against them, .for Bishop Johnson is reported as de
claring: ¦ : "If they 'were bloodthirsty savages the Gov
ernment would, probably provide them with . ample
rations and other things needfuLto keep them from
going on the' Warpath; but little is being done for
these peaceful wards of the nation, who are in every
way more deserving than the sa\»age tribes who have
received so much of the nation's' bounty."
In addition to the evils caused by the neglect of the
Government, it is alleged; that further wrongs have
resulted ifrom the 'aggressions of the whites and that
the condition of the Indians has now become so acute
that unless steps.be iriimediately taken by the Govern
ment to' protect the reservations the Indians will be
driven off their lands altogether, as if. they were "no
more than herds'' of wild deer to be driven back iii
advance of the white man."
- Charges of -soVgrave ;a\riature/. resting -upon' such
good authority, are not to bejgriored, and it i's to be
hored the attention of thV 'Government will soon" be
directed to the wrong. California wishes more whits
settlers and has a ready welcome for all who come, but
she is not so lacking in untilled land nor so unjust as
to drive a few poor Indians from their homes in order
to make way for the new-comers. The Spanish friars
of the old days were poor and weak, while the United
States Government is rich and strong, and surely
then, since the friars did so much for the improvement
of the Indians, the United States might at least main
tain what was done for them, and not, through re
peated wrongs, drive them to resort to savagery as
the only alternative. to starvation.
THE MISSION INDIANS:
THURSDAY MARCH 28, ioor
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Addrtai Ail CcmBB&ieitions U W. 3. LEASE. JCantgar.
MAXAGEU'S OFFICE Telephone Prew 2O4
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Pre» SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered Jit Carriers. IS Centi Per Week.
Mncle Copies, 6 Cents.
if Term* by Mail. Including Postages
PAILT CALL- <!ncluS!ris: Sunday), one year $8.00
rAILT CALL dncludins Sunday). « months S.00
DAILT CALL Occluding Sunday). S months 1.E0
DAILY CALL— By Single Month <5c
SUNDAY CALL. One Year....:.... 1B3
WEKKLT CALL, One Tear 1.00
\ All postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Eample eerie* will be forwarded when requested.
Matt rub*crft»r* 5n orS^rlin: chaue* of addr«>*n should t*
rartleular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to irsure a prompt and correct compliance -with their request.
OAK LAM) OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xtsiger foreign AdreTtisisg, XtrfBttt) Etildtng, Cfclngo.
(Lens Distance Telephone "Central 1619.")
lorre- Tonx correspondent!
C. C CinLTOX Herald Square
JTETT TORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
STEPHEN D. SMITH 30 "ribune Balldlnc
NEW TORK NT— S STANDS:
Waldorf -Artorl» Hotel; A. Erect ano, a Union Square;
lixanj Hill HoteL
IIILAACn OFFICES— C27 Mootromery. corner of Clay, open
until «:3e o'clock. «00 Hayes, open until »:S0 o'clock. 6?S
KeAlIlster. epea until $:» o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
l:» o'clock. 1SU Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1C9« Valencia; open
entll t o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor
ner Twer.ty-necond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
REST FOR SCHOOL CHILDREN.
It is to be hoped the bill, passed by the Legislature
to. put an end to home study will be approved by the
Governor. If he ever had any doubts about its wis
dem they can hardly remain after the reports of the
tests made in this city.
In this work of improvement much has been done
tc care for the body as well as the mind of the child,
ami everything wisely done in that direction : has
proven about as beneficial to the brain as to
the muscle. The new movement toward ridding the
pupil of ijhe task of home study is in the same direc
tion. It tends to give the child more hours of recrea
tion, and the result has been brighter minds and more
willing hearts when "ihey return to school.
Up to this time our system of education has hardly
passed the experimental stage.. It began with a prac
tice of teaching a child little more than reading, writ
ing and arithmetic in schoolhouses that were bare,
ill-ventilated, frequently ill-lighted, and in many ways
not only uncomfortable but actually prejudicial; to
health. With the advance of education, howeyer, the
public schools system taught schoolteachers and
parents about astnuch as it taught children. One re
form after another has been brought about, until now
public school education is so different from what it
was a generation ago that oldnime teachers would
hardly recognize it as the outgrowth of their work.
The San Francisco tests justify the action of those
who sought to bring about the enactment of a State
law forbidding home study to be imposed upon the
children of any of our public schools. The issue is
one of no little importance. It concerns every horns
in which there is any child in attendance upon the
schools, for it means the relief of childhood from one
of the onerous burdens imposed upon it by our sys
tem of education, and cannot fail to be felt beneficially
by all whom it affects.
It is announced that the Board of Education has
been so* well satisfied with the results obtained from
the tests that it will have the experiments continuc-1
and made upon a more comprehensive, scale. It Can
hardly be doubted the new tests will be as favorable
as those already made, and that within a comparatively
short time it will have been demonstrated to the sat
isfaction of even the most conservative teachers that
home work is not a necessity for. pupils in our public
scnools, and that the children may be left free to em
ploy their hours at home in something other than
school work. -
The schools in which the tests were made are the
Horace Mann, the Broadway and the Hearst. I From
every one of them good reports came in. James H.
Simmons of the Horace Mann School reported
making a careful comparison of the work achieved by
the class from which no home study was required
with that of other classes, and added: "I confess
that I am surprised to find that the 'no home study'
class holds its own with the rest. I have watched the
work closely, and the examinations were carefully
prepared and conducted., I desirq to continue the ex
periment further." From the Broadway Grammar
School there came a joint report signed by several
teachers declaring: "The work of the no home study
section has equaled in"every respect that of the home
study sections." The add that in their judg
ment pupils should do the greater part of their work
within school hours. N. A. Wood of the Hearst
Grammar School reported that the percentages of the
pupils not required to study at home were as high
or higher than they had been when home work wa3
imposed. He added that in addition to the good, re
sults shown in the lessons there was also an improve
ment in the deportment of the pupils under the new
system. , • .
REPORTS submitted to the Board of Education
on Tuesday concerning the results of tests
made of school classes relieved of the task of
studying at home are so jj favorable t6 the reform
movement that it is now reasonable to expect^, the
practice of requiring .school-children to study at home
as well as in the schools will be abolished.
H. H. Austin of Stockton is a guest at
the Palfice.
Superior Judge J. E. Prewett of Auburn
Is nt the LIi;k.
Thomas D. Petch. a merchant of Eu
reka, la at the Grand.
W. D. Tupper, an attorney of Fresno, 13
staying at the California.
F. H. Mallory, a mining man residing
at Fresno, is at the Lick.
G. H. Kraft, a merchant of Red Bluff.
Is staying at the California.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Flint of San Juan
are registered at the Palace.
G. XV. Crystal, a fruit grower of Vaca
vllle, is slaying at the Grand.
Captain Winslow of the Solace Is spend
ing a few days at the California.
B W. Paxton, a merchant of Santa
Rosa, is registered at the Palace.
Dr. and Mrs. Roblee of Riverside ara
spending a few days at the Grand.
S. Martinelll. an extensive cider manu
facturer, is registered at the Grand.
J. S. Brown and A. N. Judd, both of
Salinis, are guests at the Occidental.
E. C. Eaton, who conducts a general
merchandise store at Salinas, is a guest
at the Lick.
Peter Spreck,els, a lead.hff banker of
Dresden. Germany. Is :n the city renewing
old-time friendships and revisiting scene-*
that were familiar to him sixteen* years
ago. He was- quite a young man when h3
came first to San Francisco. He passed,
many of the active years of his youth
and middle age in the promotion of in
dustrial enterprises in California, Peter
Spreckels is eleven vears younger thcui
his brother, Claus. with whom ho was as
sociated in business affairs In early tlra j*.
He proposes to. remain here until Juna
next. Under the escort of Claus Spreckela
and family the welcome guest is viewing
many of the Interesting features of moi
ern San Francisco.
PERSONAL MENTION.
passage enforcing the fourteenth amendment to the
constitution, which provides for reducing the repre
sentation of States curtailing suffrage.- It is now
recognized that a mistake was made at the last session
in not meeting the issue when the reapportionment
act was under consideration."
. Sufh reports give uncouragement to the hope that
there may be then 'another good effect of the Mary
land law, and that in addition to leading to an increase
of instruction among the colored voters of the State
it will lead also to the adoption of measures by Con
gress which will redress. the wrongs of the voters in
other 'Southern States. Thus' it will be seen the
scheme of Gorman may have : far-reaching conse
quences, and the steps he has taken to return to the
Senate may cost his party dear..^r':
by their maladies. They have learned to
work in a more orderly and systematic
manner, and above all to seek rest and
change when they are required.
How Patients Lose Their Chances
One great trouble with patients suffer
ing from such chronic diseases is that
they live in an atmosphere of unrest as
regards treatment; they are not willing tj
leave either themselves or their disease*
alone. They must always be up and .do
ing, in many cases the truth being that
the more they do the more rapidly they
decline. They go from place to place;
they grasp at every straw of relief of
fered by the wise, the ignorant, or the
unscrupulous, and thereby sometimes Ioaa
the few chances that are left to them.
They should not say .o the doctor. "Can
you cure me?" but, "What can you do
to relieve my sufferings, improve my
health and prolong my life?" It is not
necessary for such patients always to
give up the work in which thev are in
gaged, but it is always necessary that
they do this work under the requirements
of the 'new situation. How and when to
rest are for them always among the most
Important things to learn. I have known
not a few such patients to be hastened to
their graves by trying methods of treat
ment which involve exercise of an un
suitable or even violent character. Exer
cise has a great place even in the treat
ment of some organic diseases, but im
properly directed It may add to the ills
of the patient, and hasten processes of
decay and degeneration. Some well ad
vised apostles of exercise travel from city
to city and gather In the weak, the halt,
and the depressed, and preaching a ser
mon which is applicable to a few, alluri
the many Into a routine of therapeutic
overwork which can only prove disas
trous.
Avoid TJnrest — Get Proper Rest
Combining B»st With Work
The problems included under a discus
sion of rest as the concerver of health
and prolonger of life may be preserted
from two practical standpoints; first, the
avoidance of hnbits of unrest, and sec
ond, the best method of obtaining the
rest that is required. Much space need
not be taken up with a consideration of
the first of these heads. Not a few of
those who suffer from nervous or other
breakdown do fo because their Iive3 and
work are full of unrest. .Of two business
men who have equal amounts of work to
do and are practically equal in physical
strength and mental capacity, one goes
about his task with a system and steadi
ness that do not wear either upon himself
or those with v.'hom he comes in contact,
the other with such restlessness and nn
necessary output as to keep himself iu a
half-exnausted state and those around
him disturbed and disquieted. Perhaps
his unrest is shown in the unnecessary
steps which he takes or the unnecessary
rapidity with which he takes them; In
talking too long or x too excitedly; in driv
ing when leading would do better— in
brief, in expending more energy than is
necessary even for the full accomplish
ment of the work In hand. The feelings
of those compelled by fate to keep com
pany with these useful but irritating mor
tals are best expressed by the slang ex
pression, "Give us a rest"; but as a rule
they never either .rest themselves nor let
any one about ihem rest. One set of men
do their work with smoothness and with
only that lossr of vitality which is easily
repaired by their dally income of food and
sleep; the other Is always giving out more
than can be thus supplied. One saves his
forces at the same time that he uses
them; the other is wasting much that he
might easily save. One physician is worn
out before his hours of work have half
expired; the other goes evenly and quiet
ly through the hard day's work. The work
that nags and harasses one man scarcely
ruffles the other.
Much of this is due to the fact that
many, perhaps most, men have no*
learned to conserve their forces while at
work; to combine rest with work, or at
least work without unnecessary restless
ness. Often much could be done to pre
vent breakdown by simply seizing the lit
tie opportunities which either offer or
can be made, to rest body and mini,
either while at labor or during the inter
vals which come in so many forms of
labor. Men stand or move about at the>r
work, when they could just as readily
sit. Sometimes both men and women are
forced by the rules of an establishment
to waste their energies standing and walk
ing when they might be saved by glvlnz
opportunities to rest when standing and
walking are not required by the exigen
cies of business. Stools without backs
and desks of Improper shape or. size some
times add to the labor, and prevent rest
which even during labor might be easily
had.
In the foolish haste which governs so
mary, even the quickly eaten meal of the
business man is not taken with th« qu «t
and rest which could be obtained. He sits
on a high and unbacked stool at a counter
with an empty chair and table within
reach, apparently fearful lest he may be
tempted by a little more comfort to pro
long the time snatched from his business.
Banish the Spirit of Unrest.
Much of the work that is done In this
struggling world must be done in haste
and with energy, or the results wished for
will not be obtained: but while this Is
true, it is also true that often more haste
if taken and more energy expended than
Is called for by necessity. The spirit of
unrest dominates too much.
How Is rest to be secured? This ques
tion cannot be answered. by merely gen
eral statements. The individual must be
studied even more than the disease. The
rest which is one man's meat may be an
other's poison. Rest, especially for those
stricken or threatened with nervous dis
ease, is to be obtained- through daily peri
ods of rest and recreation, through sea
sonal vacations or holidays, through
travel and change of climate, through
well selected reading and diversion, and
through methods of rest treatment.
Note— Next Thursday will be published
an article by. Dr.. Mills on "Rest-How to
Get It.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
A good story is told of a British colonel
who . possessed a prodigious appetite
When in Wales he went on a walking tour
and stopped for a midday meal at a vli
lage inn.
On_ inquiring what he could have for
lunch, the landlord announced a roast
goose, hot and ready to be served, and an
ar»J?le tsirt. The colonel was informed
that half a crown was the price for the
Having demolished practically the whole
of the goose and all the tart, leaving only
a few holies and an inch of crust to tell
th lSx. tal , e - *! e P ro ffered the hajf crown
n ! e J?E ord woe t rull >: accepted the com
and. with a sardonic grin, ejaculated
" ? e , N t l J m T e you are down thls way! give
my friend Jones at the house opposite a
call. I will hand you three and sixpence
if you will. serve him the same wav'"
BirminghanUEng.) Post. ay> ~
Some strolling Thespians were once
playins "Macbeth" in a country town
Their properties were not kept in ven?
systematic order, for when the hero of
Shakespeare's drama exclaimed, "is-that
a dagger that I. see before me?" a shrill
voice responded ¦ from the "flies"- "xX
lo S L"-Tit-Bit S PUUy !kRlfe -. The da «eA
fresh , milk, boll it." Why not begin bv
merely spanking it? It may learn to ilki
it after a while.— Atlanta Journal.
¦!!££ v/r do you like your new teacher**"
"The one who came from the \v»*tv
asked the little Bcston boy. cst?
"Yes."
. ."Oh. I like him very much. I haven't
had an_ opportunity to test his knowledcft
of mathematics. But the way he nm
nounces such .words as 'grass' and %a S s :
is very amusing."— Washington, St£r
VI.— REST— HOW IT PROLONGS LIFE.
COPYRIGHT, 1901.
By Dr. Ohaftes K. Mills.
How Men of Brain and Brawn May Use
Their Faculties Without Injury
to Health or Strength.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists . for
The San Francisco Call. *
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
How Rest Prolongs Life.
The neurasthenic, like Serenus in his
letter to Seneca, finds himself "In a state
of mind which; although not the worst, is
particularly complaining and sullen." "I
am neither sick nor well," he says. And
yet he is sick, but fortunately it may be.
only for a season, if he seeks and obtains
the rest which he requires.
A' well-known clergyman, in an even
better-known religious journal, recently
delivered himself of the opinion that there
Is no such thing as nervous prostration,
denning the condition which Is called by
this name by saying that it is "simply ii
lack of will power, a sinking into imagi-i
ation which plays havoc with religion an<{
usefulness." The clergyman is not alom
in this opinion, for not a few otherwise
well-informed physicians hold the same
view. They seem to believe that neura-?
thenia is a good label with which to ex
cuse a man for his shortcomings, or to
procure for him a holiday; or perhaps be
cause hysteria and melancholia are so
often associated with neurasthenia, or
neurasthenia is so often the soil from
which melancholia and hysteria develop,
the affection is* not regarded as worthy
of a separate habitation and name. I be
lieve, however, that there is a more or
less serious functional nervous disorder
which in its pure type should be des'g
nated neurasthenia or nervous prostration,
and for this affection rest Is the best rem
edy/although other measures may prove
useful adjuvants.
Rest properly taken does much to pro
long and make- comfortable the lives not
only of those suffering from functional
diseases of the nervous system, but for
a considerable percentage of those who
are afflicted with organic and often In
curable disease. It- is rest on which wo
must most rely for the relief of that pre
eminently American disease, neurasthenia
or nervous exhaustion.
The> doctor who deals with the over
worked and underrested has always a
serious problem presented to him. A man
comes to him with a story of falling pow
ers of attention, of irritable temper, of
confusion of ideas, of a feeling of feeble
ness, of rain or discomfort in the head or
spine, of restlessness by day and sleep
lessness by night, and asks for advice that
will bring relief; a woman comes with a
story of undue emotionality, of mental de
pression, of interference with normal
functions, of weariness and hopelessness —
with many of the symptoms of the man,
and where these are wanting with others
of her own to make up the lack; the child
or youth is brought with a story of bad
conduct, of ehoreic twitchings, of loss of
interest in school work, of failing strength
and often of special disorders of diges
tion or excretion. In most of these cases
what la most needed is rest. The value
and virtue of rest should be made as
much the object of the earnest physi
cian's study as drugs and waters, Instru
ments 'and commonly accepted methods
of treatment.
Rest. as a Cure for Organic Disease.
Underrest is often as 'great an. evil as
overwork. To say that a man is over
worked is not exactly the same as to say
that he is underrested. Some of those
who work hard do not in reality over
work, but they do not know how to rest,
even though the time and opportunity to
rest are at their disposal. They have
spent so much time in learning how to
work and in working that they know
nothing- else. This is true of men in all
walks of life, but especially of business
and professional men, some of whom still
further dissipate their energies in their
efforts to recuperate.
Underrest and Overwork.
< Honest labor, physical or mental, should
not impair health nor shorten life. The
man who works with his brain, if well
equipped, should stand longer hours than
those usually forced upon the average
mechanic, provided food and rest are
properly supplied. The word rest as here
used covers not only simple repose or in
action of body and mind, but reaction and
sleep.- It is not work which maims or
kills, but overwork, ill-regulated work
and work out of season.
The word rest in some languages means
a. measure of distance, a mile, for in
stance; in one of Its ancient forms It con
tains the idea of rejoicing or pleasure.
When the doctor advises rest to his over
worked or overworried patient, if his ad
vice- is of practical worth it will Include
suggestions and directions as to the meth
ods of measuring both work and rest, and
of adding to that rest such recreation as
is most suitable to the patient's, needa.
Simply to tell a sick man that he must
rest, without showing him the best way
of 'doing this, will.usiially.be of little ser
vice. Sometimes, indeed, the effort to rest
becomes itself a task, or what is rest for
one man may be a task for another.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY; MARCH «JR, 1901.
6
Rest serves a great purpose In preserv
ing the usefulness and prolonging the lives
even of those who are stricken with In
curable maladies, -but 'maladies which do
not necessarily soon threaten death. It is
well worth while to lay stress upon this
phase of the subject. Many a man through
inheritance, misfortune or fault has be
come the victim of an organic disease of
t,he nervous system or of some other part
of the body, a disease which cannot be
cured and which -tills him with dread an-1
despair •when once he has become aware
of Its presence. Such a one should not say
to himself: "I am sick and cannot' cei
well, therefore I rosy as well give up and
wait for the end" — but just as the healthy
man should study his limitations, jo
should the sick man study his. His In
quiry should be directed to determine how
he can make himself or keep himself most
' useful,' notwithstanding the illness ¦with
which he is afflicted. I have sometimes
said that I feel inclined to advise life in
surance companies to risk endowment
! policies of ten or fifteen years on - many
, cas>ess of chronic disease of the nerves,
spinal cord and brain, with the same con
fidence that they "would on those in good
health, with the proviso that such pa
: tients be Instructed and agree to follow a
course of life to be prescribed for them.
Many a case of locomqtor ataxia, of pa
j ralysis from neutritls or clot, of diabetes.
I or of Bright's disease has almost as good
a chance of ten to twenty years of life
and a large degree of usefulness as his
healthy neighbor has of twenty to thirty
years; Like the man growing old. what
he needs to do Is tc change his plane of
activity. Drugs and other well chosen
; methods. of treatment will do something,
for him, but more can be. done by rest"
and change in mode of life.
Combating Serious Diseases.
The story is told of a man suffering:
from looomotor ataxia who was steadily
and rapidry getting worse, but who by
I what seemed an ill stroke, of fortune,
1 broke his leg- and was compelled to take
: to hi3 bed for several months. On rising
! after the bone had knit it was found that
he had' made more improvement in the
painful and crippling symptoms of his dis
ease than , he had done under much pre
vious treatment. Facts like this In con
nection with the teachings* of physiology
have shown that rest properly directed i3
one of the best therapeutic measures in
the treatment of this disease. The pa
tients suffering from ataxia' and from sim
ilar deeeneratlve diseases of the nervous
system who are collected together in hos
pitals for chronic nervous maladies, like
the wards ' for nervou3 diseases of s the
Philadelphia jj hospital, or the world-fa
mous .wards, of the Salpetriere of Paris
live on for many years after the.full,de
1 velopment of their diseases, ' largely be
| cause their lives are spent removed from
care, from -the necessity of making a liv
¦ ing, and .under what is for them go<fd diet
and hygiene I know of patients suffering
from diabetes who havev made more than
one fortune after they have been doomed
to dieby foot-in-the-grave doctors, and
after they, have: been refused short en
dowment policies In careful life insurance
companies; but they, have been able to do
th!3 not; alone by > the diet and medicine
, prescribed for them, but, by learning how
ibest.to live under the limitations imposed
Call . ftubacrlbera contrmplatinc a cbanee of
rr'sldeace during (be? •nmmer months can h«v«
thrir pnper forwarded by mail to their new
addreB«e« by aotifyfnir The Call Bua>in««s Office.
Thu paitcr will also be on sale at all snnimer
retort* and is represented by a local/ agent In
all tavriift on the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAVING TOWfl FOR THE SUMMER.
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar— "Too Much Johnson."
Columbia— "The Little Minister."
AlfcJKbra— "The Angel of the Alley."
Tlvoll— "Tfc« Weddinr Day."
Central— "Uncle Tom'i Cabin."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Olyir.pla, corner Mascs and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every axtemoon and
ereslnr-
FUcher'e— Vaudeville.
Tanforaa Park— Race*.THURSDAY, MARCH 28.
Sun rises ....6:01
Hun sets 6:28
Moon sets 2:08 a. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order . of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the -last tide
of the day, except when there, are but thre«
tlde!«. as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States Cdast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes ttte height, and then
the number given 1s subtracted from the depth
given by the. charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters. :¦
The Civil P. Service 'Board v issued . an
eligible list ! for. Inspectors, Department of
Electricity, { yesterday as follows:
. David T. , Griffith, .93.7 'per cent, « Osgood K
Jones, - 89.5; 'William O. ' Pennycook, -78.3: Ed
ward F.: Henzel. 77.2.
Eligible to Be inspectors.
\ • Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlo Office, U. 8. X., ; Mer
chants Exchange, Ss.n ' Francisco, . Cal.,
March 27. 1901.- =--i ¦¦:¦- ' ¦ .
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. p.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m.',' Greenwich time. .'->;-¦•.
C. O. CALKINS.
• Lieutenant Commander, U. 8. N.. In charge.
$30.00 from Chicago: , $47.00 from ¦ New York;
$27.60 : from St. Louis; ¦" $25.00 from 5 Missouri
River points to California via Santa Fe Route.
Tickets good = on tourist and reclining : chair
cars. ; Excursions leave ¦ Chicago every Tues
day until April -; SO. See «the Santa Fe Ticket
Agent at 641 , Market : street; .
Cheap Rates.
The Pacific Mall , Steamship Company's
steamship Acapulco is several, days j late
and shipping men are wondering what is
detaining her. She left Mazatlan seven
days ago and should have been ¦ here last
Monday. The distance between Mazat
lan and San Francisco la only 1883 miles,
so even if she Is only making, 200 miles a
day she should have made port yesterday.
The captain of the Roanoke reports heavy
head seas and strong .'north-west sales all
the way from the -Gulf of Tehauntepec.
and as the Acapulco is light the chances
are that the heavy weather Is detaining
her. The Acapulco Is a slow boat : and
she. will probably come In with a tale of
heavy weather. - • ¦ . -'•¦
Acapulco Behind Time.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
L'nii^d States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco J?ay. Published bx offlqial au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
TO SAIT,.
Other witnesses testified that they were
placed in the Asiatic steerage on the same
deck with Chinese and Japanese -and sep
arated by a piece of canvas, and that only
six wash basins were provided, for the
124 men. '
G.. Dewitt. a butcher, and one/ of the
plaintiffs,- testified that while tfie chief
butcher of tho Rio was sick he 'acted as
assistant butcher.- The fresh meat was so
much tainted, he said, that he cut the
tainted pieces off and threw them over
board. The meat -next to the edges was
ill-smelling and unwholesome, but he cut
It up for the steerage passengers and kept
the best for the cabin passengers.
The trial will be resumed this morning. ,
One of the plaintiffs. Frank Sullivan,
testified that the food was good for the
first three .or four days out from Naga
saki, but that after that time it was bad.
He tried to eat it but It turned'hls stom
ach and he rejected It with loathing. The
xabbage soup was vile, because of the for
eign substances it contained. The odor of
the meat while It" was being cooked was
enough for him, he said. During the rest
of the voyage he- lived principally on
beans and water. Thebutter tasted Ilka
rancid goose grease" and the pork was too
rank to eat.
It was the second day of the trial of the
caee of John E. English and 123 others to
recover $62,000 from the Pacific Mail
Steamship Company for a violation of
passenger contract. English and the 123
others,, brown-raced and ruddy from ex
posure lo the open air, were divided be
tween the court room and the corridor.
They were called in, one by one, by their
counsel, Rlordan and Lunde, and poured
their stories into the. attentive ear of
Judge de Haven. *
They were a unit as to their testimony,
which, boiled down, was to the effect that
from the time the Rio de Janeiro was
three days out from Nagasaki and from
that time until they arrived in San Fran
cisco they were fed on tainted meat, bad
Boup and tea and coffee that had evidently
been scooped up out- of a swamp, if tho
testimony of the witnesses Is to be be
lieved.
The odor of tainted stew but thinly
veiled by the pungency of bay leaves, the
rank smell of soup unfit to eat and salt
pork offensive to the nostrils seemed to
permeate the air In the United States Dis
trict Court yesterday.
Soup Unfit to Eat and
Rancid Meat in the
Steerage.
TAINTED FOOD
CAUSES A SUIT
There was not much business of im
portance transacted at the meeting of the
Harbor Commissioners yesterday. Major
Harney was in his usual place, but does
not exj>ect to hold office after next
Wednesday. Commissioners Kilburn and
Herold were also present.
The Longeshore Lumbermen's Protec
tive Assodaxlon asked for the use of the
vacant room over the wharfinger's office
at Third and Berry streets. The asso
ciation wants it for an office for its walk
ing delegate. The matter was referred to
Chief. Wharfinger Henderson with power
to set.
The contract for repairing the bucket of
dredper No. 1 was let to T. J. Moynahan
for J275 and the contract for furnishing
material and repllingr and repairing
Harbor Commissioners Meet.
T'ncle tSarn will send half a dozen tran
sports to Manila during the next two
works. Some will carry horses, some
freight, while at leastT three will carry
troops. The Ohio has been chartered
from the Empire Steamship Company and
she i? now being ntted out and made
ready to sail. The Aztec has been re
chsrtered from the Pacific Mail Company
and siu- will be ready to leave with
liorses next week. The Arab will sail
next Saturday with the horses of the
Tcnlil Cavalry, while the Etiford will sail
<-n >. Mri! ii with two troops of the Kif
teentii Cavalry, one company of the Tenth
Infantry and the depot battalion of the
Firth Infantry.
The Samoa will not get away as soon
as expected: Her 'tween ar.d main decks
.arc to be got ready for horses and in her
lower hold the will carry about 500u tons
of freight. The KHpatrick is on the
drvdock and It is expected she will get
away ;fnout April 10, while the Logan
is Fcnt-duk-d to April 15. The Thyra.
v.hi'-h arrived from Manila last Monday
liislit. will probably go back again with a
load of hcrses and army stores.
Chio Chartered to Carry Men and the
Aztec to Cany Horses.
IIOVEJIEUTF OF TRAXSPOETS.
THE PadSc Coast Steamship Com
pany's magnificent new steamship
Spokane is to be launched from
the Union Iron Works yard on
Saturday night at 9:27 o'clock,
according to the programme mapped out.
There will be almost a full moon and
Ehould the night be clear the scene should
b« a beautiful one.
The new vessel will be christened by
Miss Maude Lavina Wadsworth of Spo
kane, who is coming to San Francisco for
that purpose.
The Fpokane Is 273 feet long. 40 feet
beam and 17 feet 4 inches deep. She will
carry' 1350 tons dead weight. Her engines
will "be triple expansion; the high pressure
cylinder will be £3^2 inches, intermediate
pressure cylinder *j inches and low pres
sure cylinder 06 inches, with a common
stroke of 42 inches. There will be three
Babcock & Wilonx boilers, with a working
rreseure of 225 pounds. The vessel is for
the Alaskan excursion trade and is to be
specially fitted out for that business. A
special observation saloon will be one of
the features of the new boat and no ex
pense i« to be spared in litting out all
departments.
EASTERN PORT.
V.XEW YORK— Sailed March 27— Stmr Alll
an< a, for Colon, i '
Arrived March 26t-Stmr Finance, from Colon.
DOMESTIC' PORTS.
PORT HARFORD-Hailed March 27— Schr R
W Bartiett. lor Vancouver.
IVERSENS LANDING — Sailed March 27—
Schr Ocean Spray, for San Francisco.
BAN PEDKO-Arrived March 27— Schr Wm
Renton. from New Whatcom.
I'ORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 27—
Stmr Lakme, from Eureka.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed March 27— Stmr Nome
City, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed March 27— Etmr Noyo,
for San FrancUco.
POINT LOBOS-Passed March 27. 1 p m—
Etmr t-'an llateo, from Port Los Anreles, for
* EUREKA— Passed March 27— TJ S stmr Iowa,
henc« March 26. for Pucet Sound. i
PORT LUDLOW-Sailed {March 27-Chll bktn
Alta. for Port Townsend and Pt Natal.
BANDON— Arrived March 26— Stmr Arsro,
hence March 23.
PORT TOWNSEXD— Arrived March 27— Br
bark Harold, from Mollendo.
UMPQUA— Arrived March 23— Schr Lucy,
from San Pedro.
SOUTH BEND— Sailed March 27— Stmr Rival,
for San Francisco. >^~*
SEATTLE— Sailed March 2ft— Btmr Cottag*
City, for Sltka; Btmr Dolphin, for Ekagmy ;
stmr Oregon, for Valdez.
' Arrived March 2ft— Schr Corona, from Ban
March 21. lat 48 35 N, Ion 13 35 W— Ship
Dlriffo. hence Oct 20, for Queenntown.
March IS. lat 44 N. Ion 1« W— Br ship Many
down, from Swansea, for San Francisco.
March 13, lat 48 N. Ion 18 W— Br ship Thal
atla. from Shields, for San Francisco. • <
March 10, lat 6 N. Ion 28 W— Br «hip Port
Caledonia, from Tacoma, for Quern* town.
BPOKEX.
POINT LOBOS, March 27. 10 p m— Weather
haiy; wind N\V, velocity 45 miles per hour.
TKLEOKAFH1C.
Wednesday, March 27.
Fttr.r Ftate of California. Jepsen, Victoria.
Stmr Alliance Hardwick, Portland.
Stmr ICuroka, Jessen. Eureka.
Stmr t/uwn. Thoma/». Ban Diego,
htmr Newburt, Krlcksen. Grays Harbor.
Stmr Progrftfl, Monroe, Tacoma. ¦
Stmr Jlor*rt Dollar, Ellefeen, Seattle.
Hark Mohican, Kelly, Honolulu.
Kchr Uranus, Pedemon, codn>hing.
SAILED.
•' Wednesday, March 27j_
Stmr Robert Dollar. Ellefsen. Seattle; E T
Ki-nse.
Chll stmr Fearless. McKenna, Nanaimo;
Siadison. Bruce &. Sellers.
Br shio Merioneth, Rowlands, Queens town;
J J Moore & Co.
CLEARED,
Wednesday, March 27.
Stier Corona.' Gielow, 60 hours from Xew
purt and way jjorts.
Stmr Newsboy, Ohlstrom, 72 hours from Re
dondo.
Ftmr Scctia, Walvlff. 32 hours from Cre3
tent City.
Srmr Pomona, Shea. 17^4 houn from Eureka.
K'.mr Czarina, Seaman, 4»4 days from Ta
coma.
Shipping Intelligence.
vnniVED
Wheat Shipment.
The BritiFh Rhlp Merierieth cleared yesterday
for Quoen-Ttctvh for orders with 46,461 ct!s
wheat valued at $47,410 and 14,000 ft lumber as
dunnage valued at tM.
Matters of Interest to Marj&ers and
Shipping Merchants.
The Xertide will loaJ wheat at Tacoma for
Europe. 3Ss. option of Cope Town, 89s 3d, prior
to arrival; the Prince Arthur, lumber on Puget
Sound for I'ort Plrie. T's (A, prior to arrival;
the British Bte%mer St. Bede, lumber at Port
land for China.
?
Merchandise for British Columbia.
Tli» scarcer State of California sailed yes
terday for Victoria with a. gen<?ral cargo valued
at JSO5, Including- the following: 8 cs arms
and ammunition. 14,094 ibs butter, 6652 lbs blue
ftone, <2u n>s chocolatp, 12 cs canned goods,
n cs medicine?, 3750 IbR 15 ca dried fruit, 35
: cs ezg3, C'J bxs fruit. 2S pkgs groceries and
provisions, 10 ca boocjr, 7 cs hats, 6 es hartl
warf, 245 Tim hop?, IS phgs household goods,
IJ crs incubators, 3 pkjjs machinery, 10.191 Ibs
malt, 2CS0 lbs ;t> cs millstuffs, 6 bbls oil, 150
cs paste. 100 cs raisins. CS pkgs rivets,' 500 tt>s
coda. 1000 n* sugar, 10 cs 61 gals wine, 124
crs vegetables.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
A horse attached to a milk wagon be
longing: to the Columbia Dairy caused a
stampede at the Tiburon ferry yesterday.
The horse ran away from Clay-street
wharf and turned into the ferry depot
just as the pates were being closed on the
last passenger. The wagon smashed the
gate, but did no other damage. The horse
fell and Sergeant "Tom" Mahoney se
cured the animal before it could break
away aeaJn. »
Andrew Olsen, a sailor on the schooner
Webfoot. got a severe beating on the front
yesterday. He and a friend were drink
ing together and later quarreled and
fought. When Olsen reached the harbor
hospital Dr. Bauer found that his right
chefk was cut, his right eye closed and
liis r.ose broken.
A H. Anderson has been appointed mas
ter of the schooner Lizzie Preen.
Reinsurance on the British ship Eaton
Hall went to 40 per cent yesterday. She
is now out 106 days from Tacoma for
Callao.
"Water Front Notes.
Captain Dodd of the bark Vidette re
ports the following: additional details re
gardingr'the derelict sighted by him oft
Point Concepcion on the 12th InsL: There
was no loose wreckage or any sign of
masts or houses— It Etood on end nearly,
and, so far as the captain could judge,
about one-sixth of the vessel was out or
water; Inside of bulwarks were paneled
and rainted white, varied with a darn
color, probably green or brown; the top
rail seemed heavy and solid and was of a
dark color; the white paint appeared to
have been in the water but a short time;
the outside was painted a dark color.
The rudder was still intact. The captain
thinks the vessel was of about 500 tons.
The inside painting appeared to be some
what fancy and the bulwarks low, with
heavy rail and half circle.
Mora About a Derelict.
Powell-street -wharf was let to the City
Street Improvement Company for $4922.
Informal bids for repairing the damage
dono by the ferry steamer Berkeley to
the dolphin between slips 4 and 5 and the
dolphin at the south arm of slip 7 will be
opened to-morrow.
Some time ago the ballast men asked for
a reduction on the 5 cents a ton charged
them when ballastinpr a ship. On the rec
ommendation of Chief Wharfinger Hen
derson the request was refused. The
board then decided that in future crushed
rock should be assessed 5 cents Instead
cf 2*i cents a ton as heretofore.
THE PACIFIC COAST COMPANY'S NEW STEAMSHIP SPOKANE AS SHE WILL, APPEAR WHEN COMPLETED
SHE IS INTENDED FOR THE ALASKA EXCURSION TRADE AND WILL BE LAUNCHED AT THE UNION
IRON WORKS NEXT SATURDAY EVENING.
NEW EXCURSION STEAMSHIP
TO BE LAUNCHED SATURDAY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,?. THURSDAY, MARCH 28, T1001.
Steamer Movements.
SUEZ— Arrived March 27— Stmr Glenfars,
from Tacoma, Nagasaki and Manila, for Lon
don.
BOUIXH3NE— Arrived March 27— Stmr Staten
dani. from New York, for Rotterdam.
QUEEN6TOWN— Bailed March 27— Stmr Lake
Ontario, from Liverpool, for Halifax.
OCEAN STJEAMERS.
BELFAST— Sailed March 27— Stmr Inlshowen
Head, for Xew Orleans.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 27-Stmr Civic,
from Liverpool.
Balled March 27— Stmr Sardinian, for Glas
gow; stmr Oceanic, for Liverpool; stmr Noord
land. for Antwerp.
Arrived March 2S— Stfnr Teutonic, from Liv
erpool and Queenstown.
USHANT- Passed March 27— Stmr Neko.
from Sen Francisco, Ocos and Montevideo, via
St Vincent. C V, for Hamburg.
NICE)— Arrived March 27— Crulsln* yacht
Princes* Victoria Lulse, from New York, on
pleasure crul»e.
FA LMOUTH— Arrived March 27-Ger bark
Osterbek, from Portland. March 26— Ger bark
i>ertha. from Tacoma.
GI/OUCESTER-Arrfved March 24— Ger ship
Iiadenbek. from Seattle.
PANAMA — Arrived March 12 — Nor bark
Rokeby Hall, from Newcastle, Aus.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived March 2S— Br stmr
Caithness, from Tacoma.
SYDNET-Arrived March 27-Schr America
na. from Port Gamble.
Sailed March 25— Br »tmr Aorangi, for Vaa
l'RAWLE POINT-Passed March 27-Ger
S wJ^r 1 , 11111101 "* hence D<? c 21. for Hamburg.
MELBOURNE>-Salled March 26— Schr Golden
Shore, for Newcastle, Aut.
NANAIMO— SailM March 27— Nor stmr Kvar
ven, for San Francisco.
BEACHY HEAD— Passed March 27— Br ship
Marathon, for Antwerp.
ISLE OF WIGHT— Passed March 27— Ger
ship Sirius. for United Kingdom.
ACAPULCO— Sailed March 25— Stmr City of
Sydney, for San Francisco.
CORONEL-Sailed March 24-Br stmr West
mJtiRter. for St Vincent.
FOREIGN PORTS.
T . VALp AnAISO— Arrived March 26-Br stmr
i^J?** 1 ,*- u e ?? e^ Feb 25 ' for st Vincent.
Sailed March 2t-Ger stmr Denderah, for San
r ran Cisco.
Pedro. March 27-Schr Btimson. from San
o-X E » N T URA^: Arrlve<1 March 27-Stmr South
Coast, from Eureka.
TO ARRIVE.
7
Steamer. I Destination. [Sails. I Pier.
___ 111."
March 28.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 miPier 13
„ March JSi». l
o°^ E?JSV' Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Corona Astoria & Portland II am Pier 24
< orona Newport 9 am Pier 11
fC™ *^ney & Way rt * «SS
l omona Humboldt 2 nm Pier 9
Mnrch :IO. 1
Fan Pedro.... I Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Xome City.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Acapulco Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
Gaelic China and Japan.. 1 pm PM8S
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier '8
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
March 31.
Santa Rosa... San Diego "... 9 am Pier 11
April 1.
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
¦Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
O. Dollar Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier —
April 'Z.
Argro Coqullle River .... 2 pmJPier 2
Mandalay Coquille River — pm Pier 2
Tionita ". Newport 9 am Pier 11
Hoanoke N. Y. via Panama 2 pm S.W. 1
April a.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Fulton Grays Harbor Pier —
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
| From. I Due?
Acapul^o
Walla Walla...
Point Arena —
Santa Roaa
Mat t<- wan
Hyailw
Curacao
Nome City
Milton
Wellington
Del Xorte
I-'-rlniinw
HoiiRkong Mar.
Pentaur
Arecjulpa
Kurfkii :..
Chan. D. Lane..
Msr-Malay...*... .
Arso
City of Sydney.
Columbia
Acme
Queen
Costa Rica
Bonlta
Mackinaw
Kvarven
Empire
Fulton :....
Grace Dollar...
Pomona
tTmatilla.
Rainier
Washtcnaw
Arcata
Marlposa
Corona
Crescent City...
. Panama & Way Ports. Mar. Z%
• Pufret Sound Torts.... Mar. 28
. Point Arena Mar. 2S
- San Dle*o Mar. M
• Taeoma Mar. fl
• Seattle Mar. *5
.Mexican Ports Mar. 29
(San Diego Mar. 29
•jNanalmo Mar. 29
¦ Oyster Harbor Mar. 23
..Crescent City Mar. 29
•jSeattle Mar. »
.China and Japan .... Mar. 30
• Hamburg & Way Ports Mar. 30
. Valparaiso & Way Pt* Mar. 30
iliunihol.lt Mar. 30
• Seattle Mar. 80
• :Coqulll« River Mar. 30
• Coqulllei River Mar 33
. Panama \& Way PortsjMar. 21
. Portland and Astoria..! Mar. 31
• TlUamook nay ..Mar 31
¦ San Diego & Way PttJMar. 31
Acapulco |Mar. 31
Newport Mar. 31
¦ £«•««!* Apr. 1
.[.Nanalrao Apr. 1
• Coos Day Apr. l
Grays Harbor Apr. 1
San Pedro Apr 1
.JIfumboMt Apr l
. Pufft Sound Ports. Apr. 2
!firatt!e.& N, Whatcom Apr. 2
.iTacoma , Apr. 2
Coos Bay Apr. 2
.(Honolulu Apr. 3
.{Newport ~ Apr. 3
.Crescent City Apr. 3
Time * Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. |Ft.
LW HW .I*W . H W
28 ... 0:00 To 5:51 6.3 12:62 "Tij 7:C6 "Tl
2» ... 1:10 2.7 7:04 B.I 1:46 0.3 8:« B.O
20... 2:13 2.4 8:13 6.0 2:35 0.5 9:27 6.2
81 ... 2:02 1.9 9:11 6.1 3:20 0.7 10:03 6.4
1 ... 3:49 l.B 10:05 6.0 4:00 1.0 10:38 6.4
2 ... 4:30 1.2 10:54 5.0 4:32 1.3 11:07 6.4
3... 5:06 1.0 11:33 4.9 6:01 1.5 11:34 6.4
Steamer. I Destination. [Sails. I Pier.
___ 111."
March 28.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 miPier 13
„ March JSi». l
o°^ E?JSV' Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Corona Astoria & Portland II am Pier 24
< orona Newport 9 am Pier 11
fC™ *^ney & Way rt * «SS
l omona Humboldt 2 nm Pier 9
Mnrch :IO. 1
Fan Pedro.... I Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Xome City.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Acapulco Panama & Way Pt 12 m PMSS
Gaelic China and Japan.. 1 pm PM8S
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 6 pm Pier '8
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
March 31.
Santa Rosa... San Diego "... 9 am Pier 11
April 1.
Eureka Humboldt 12 m Pier 13
¦Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports. 11 am Pier 9
O. Dollar Grays Harbor .... 5 pm Pier —
April 'Z.
Argro Coqullle River .... 2 pmJPier 2
Mandalay Coquille River — pm Pier 2
Tionita ". Newport 9 am Pier 11
Hoanoke N. Y. via Panama 2 pm S.W. 1
April a.
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Fulton Grays Harbor Pier —
Queen San Diego 9 am Pier 11
Steamer.
| From. I Due?
Acapul^o
Walla Walla...
Point Arena —
Santa Roaa
Mat t<- wan
Hyailw
Curacao
Nome City
Milton
Wellington
Del Xorte
I-'-rlniinw
HoiiRkong Mar.
Pentaur
Arecjulpa
Kurfkii :..
Chan. D. Lane..
Msr-Malay...*... .
Arso
City of Sydney.
Columbia
Acme
Queen
Costa Rica
Bonlta
Mackinaw
Kvarven
Empire
Fulton :....
Grace Dollar...
Pomona
tTmatilla.
Rainier
Washtcnaw
Arcata
Marlposa
Corona
Crescent City...
. Panama & Way Ports. Mar. Z%
• Pufret Sound Torts.... Mar. 28
. Point Arena Mar. 2S
- San Dle*o Mar. M
• Taeoma Mar. fl
• Seattle Mar. *5
.Mexican Ports Mar. 29
(San Diego Mar. 29
•jNanalmo Mar. 29
¦ Oyster Harbor Mar. 23
..Crescent City Mar. 29
•jSeattle Mar. »
.China and Japan .... Mar. 30
• Hamburg & Way Ports Mar. 30
. Valparaiso & Way Pt* Mar. 30
iliunihol.lt Mar. 30
• Seattle Mar. 80
• :Coqulll« River Mar. 30
• Coqulllei River Mar 33
. Panama \& Way PortsjMar. 21
. Portland and Astoria..! Mar. 31
• TlUamook nay ..Mar 31
¦ San Diego & Way PttJMar. 31
Acapulco |Mar. 31
Newport Mar. 31
¦ £«•««!* Apr. 1
.[.Nanalrao Apr. 1
• Coos Day Apr. l
Grays Harbor Apr. 1
San Pedro Apr 1
.JIfumboMt Apr l
. Pufft Sound Ports. Apr. 2
!firatt!e.& N, Whatcom Apr. 2
.iTacoma , Apr. 2
Coos Bay Apr. 2
.(Honolulu Apr. 3
.{Newport ~ Apr. 3
.Crescent City Apr. 3
Time * Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. |Ft.
LW HW .I*W . H W
28 ... 0:00 To 5:51 6.3 12:62 "Tij 7:C6 "Tl
2» ... 1:10 2.7 7:04 B.I 1:46 0.3 8:« B.O
20... 2:13 2.4 8:13 6.0 2:35 0.5 9:27 6.2
81 ... 2:02 1.9 9:11 6.1 3:20 0.7 10:03 6.4
1 ... 3:49 l.B 10:05 6.0 4:00 1.0 10:38 6.4
2 ... 4:30 1.2 10:54 5.0 4:32 1.3 11:07 6.4
3... 5:06 1.0 11:33 4.9 6:01 1.5 11:34 6.4
A BILL BUILT OF THE BEST,
MARIE WAINWBIGHT Assisted by
EDWARD EXSNEB AND CO., BURT
SHEPARD, CAI/LAHAN AUD
MACK, SCOTT AND WILSON.
SMITH AND CAMPBELL, TE-
. CHOW'S CATS, BIOGRAPH, Last
Week of BUNTH AND EUDD CO.,
and PAPINTA. V
THE BIOGRAPH
THIS WEEK SHOWS
QUEEN VICTORIA'S FUNERAL.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Baloony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Scats, 50c.
. Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
l'HUN'E ._..... SOUTH 7»U
TO-NIGHT— MATINEE SATURDAT.
LAST WEEK
Of the Mammoth and Master Melodramatic
Production of the World!
mTTTTI THE BIG NEW YORK
JL XjLJuLj sensation.
ANGEL.
rir B j^jjuett.
— — prices
aYH EATR r^A>
A LAUGHING SUCCESS.
To-night, Wm. Gillette's Comedy,
"Too Much
Johnson."
SEATS- • • • -_j_ 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
MATINEES- SATURDAT AND SUNDAT.
Next >Veek— TENNBSSEE'8 PARDNER.
Phon» South 53i
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
Magnificent Revival of Mrs. Harriet * Beecher
Stowe'a Immortal Story,
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN"
"V-e Most Goneons Production Ever Seen la
This City.
A Powerful Cast; ..- Plantation Songs and
.Dances; Jubilee Singers; Bloodhounds.' etc.
pn If EC Evenings 10c, 15c; S5c, BOo
rfilkLJ Matlneee.... ......lOc. lSe. 23e
Next Week — America's Trajredlan.
ROBERT DOWNING In "THE GLADIATOR."
FISCHER'S concert house:
rioyn£ino AdmiMion ioc.
Wm. : McDonald. : Aku Aabador, Merlelta, the
Flechtls, Olive Vail, Lillian Jeanette. A. B.
Bentley and Hinrtchi' Orchestra. Reserved
Beats. 25c. . Matinee Sunday. -. :
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
SPRING . KXHIBITION i THIS EVENINO. S
to 10. ¦ . Also open dally, including Sundays.
[Admittance, .a cent.. ¦
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Ing out for assistance. The cry should
be heeded in time. Lydia E. Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound was pre-
pared to meet the needs of woman's
system at this trying period of her life.
It builds up the weakened nervous
system, and enables a woman to pass
that grand change triumphantly.'
" I was a very pick woman, caused
by Change of Life. I suffered with hot
flushei, and fainting 6pells. I was
afraid to go on the street, my head
and back troubled me so. I was en-
tirely cured by Lydia E. Pinkham's
Vegetable Compound."— Mrs. Jennie
Kobix, 5010 Keysftr St., Germantown,
THE CHANGE OF LIFE
Ts the most imjKjrtant period in a wo-
man's existence. Owing to modern
methods of living 1 , not one woman in
a thousand approaches this perfect'y
natural chacfre without experiencing
a train of very annoying and some-
times painfnl t.ymptoms.
Those dreadful hot flashes, sending:
the blood surging to the heart until it
faeems ready to burst, and the faint
feeling 1 thut follows, sometimes with
chills, as if the heart were going to
stop for good, are symptoms of a dan-
gerous, nervous trouble. Those hot
flashes are just so many calls from
nature for help. The nerves are cry-
vt Ss I *¦ V^s> W^TsSlsl fl^ nK^^d fffS^ '^ !^ i lHjsBpQ"^ N^^^^»»»^»'l»»^"'< "»»W»" /¦*» / ° I * IAJvH V m «^ * ¦*¦¦ .-_ —JL mam*wp^r t r*m ,¦ ¦ ¦ «¦ / /. _ I ' I \ \ \ \ _^^^^^^^_ a(VW ,^ m l
alt ml mama H»sPs^^^ W&&M poisonous fats and alkalies. Witch-Hazel is used in every hospital
HB3S5 (V if u b*5k K * J ¦ hi t^ ss^s^^pBl^BCSBcSBr^K^EBBW^B^^H
Wm\ ll&Wu 181 f£MMH«a^fflEl ByBLfflBHai. . munyon's homeopathic home remedy co.
Ii Bffiter^~IIA " 1 1 v rli i fa
1 i^^M^ y o|j|f
A GOOD THING
For you to remember is our address, for
there's no telling when you'll need our
services in putting your washable cloth-
Ing to rights. We wash clothes, we etarch
clothes, we iron clothes, we call for
clothes, we deliver clothes— do all this well
and charge only fair prices.
Domestic finish for full dress shirts if
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Off loo 1004 Market Street.
Telephone— South 4-3O.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
Bcsi NATURAL. Alkaline Wateri
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on line of railroad, tor
•ale. Splendid chance for those about to
form an oil company. NEWTON. CAR-
MEN & SOMES (S. C. MASON, agent).
101 Chronicle bide:.. Sair Francisco.
m. HALL'S KtlN YlG0KAT0RflrT3g§g
Five hundred reward for any jkMp''MM
case we cannot cure. This secret H BM
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours, I B
cures Emission?, Impotency. Vari- hH| HcB
cocele. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Fits, fWrl TOnl
Strictures, Lost Manhood and all lioJ Lull
wasting: eftects of self abuse .or |
excesses. Sent sealed. $2 bottle; 3 BStBkaBffia
bottles, $5; guaranteed to cure any case. ¦•. Ad-
dress HALL'S MEDICAL. • INSTITUTE. 855
Broadway, Oakland. Cal. Also for sale at 10734
Market st., S. F. All private diseases quickly
cured. ¦ Send for free book.
AMUSEMENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB.
¦Week March 25th to 80th.
BIX HIOH-CLAS8 . RACES BACH DAT.
.TUESDAY— HURDLE -. RACE. .
THUR8DAT— HIGH-WEIGHT I H A.ti DICAP. -
8ATURDAT— THE SPRINQ HANDICAP, $3000
' ADDED.
First Race Daily at 2:10 P. M.
Trains ¦ from • Third ' and Townsend streets — 7, '
10 : 40, 11 : 30 a. '- m. ; . 12 :40, * I/ 1 :30, . 1 p. m. - ; »
¦ Returning leave Track 4:15 and thereafter at
•hort- intervals. - --'¦ - > : ¦
ADMISSION (INCLUDING R. R. FARE) II 25.
¦ MILTON S. I LATHAM. ' Secretary. ¦
E. J. POWER, Racing Secretary. - . -
*X 1 VJJ L.1*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAT
AT J.
• "SECOND . WEEK— BIG CROWDS SEE"
The Musical and Comedy Sensation,
"THE
WEDDING
DAY!"
Next Opera— The Greatest of All Hits,
THE IDOL'S ETE. "HOOT. MO5J."
POPULAR PRICES T 23c and 50c
Telephone— Bash 9.
UUhU BWlBji #1 LEAOINQ THEATRE
This We«k and Next Week.
EVERT NIGHT. INCLUDING SUNDAT.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN Present. (
SUCCESS ¦ imi -i
OF THE LITTLE
CENTURY! Ul ¦ ¦ «¦.
MINISTER
By J. M. BARRTC.
Founded on his novel of tha aim* namj.
\JL~> M ifliiJA COA.M4SOH
I THE ONLY FREE VAUDEVILLE HOCSE TH
t THE CITT.
THE KOEBBRS,
Tb« World's Greatest AerlalUta.
CLINTON MONTGOMERY
And Hla Illustrated Songs.
JACK SYMONDS,
Who Knows How to Talk.
MABEL HUDSON,
The Singing; Girl.
AND OUR CELEBRATED STOCK COMPANY
MATINEE EVERY SUNDAY.
AMATEUR NIGHT EVERT FRIDAT.
ADMISSION FREE.
CHUTES/^ ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENINO.
Barnes' Big Dog and Pony Show.
LEAH MAY, the Giantess.
SPECIAL TO-NIGHT!
THE AMATEURS
SPECIALTIES
. Telephone for Seats— Park U.
> nil iap These fcotels pos-
rALAUt »«» attribute,
that totmsts and
QfifJ traTelers appreciate
, ullU —central location,
I PDA MR liberal manage-
UllAlilJ rnent, modern ap-
|]f|Tri O pointments and'
; HUTtLS, s^^fiE
. Sail FrandSCO. ropean plans.
APVEBTISE1EENTB.
A2TUSEM3ENTS.
A TW 1 1 KTTM BM'fl^
Mes. JryyiE Noble.March, 1301.
CALL CALENDAR.
LOCAL MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— • May. July.
Opening 6 »j 6 "i
Closing 6 Ti 6 «i
PARIS.
Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening 18 60 19 40
Closing 18 50 13 35
Flour-
Opening 4 23 50 24 65
Closing 23 40 24 55
Boston Wool Market. I
BOSTON. March 27. — The American Wool and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
The wool market has increased In activity
the past week and a large volume of business
has been transacted, notably in Territories.
Australian and English and Irish wools and
large lines of both domestic and foreign wools
are under negotiation. One house is reported
to have cleaned out practically, all of Its Ter
ritories, amounting to a million and a half
pounds, and these 'wools sold at prices raging
all the way from 38 to 45 cents clean. We fig
ure the eales for the week at close to 7,000,000
pounds. There have been purchases of wool
not only by consumers but also by dealers on
speculation. Among the consumers who have
been buying wools the dress goods mills have
been conspicuous. They have purchased Ter
ritories freely. Duplicate orders for light
weights have continued to come In. and mak
ers of these lines have bought fair amounts of
¦wool. The market is no stronger than it was
and any attempt to advance actual prices on
the part of holders beyond the level quoted last
week results in checking business. The sales
for the week In Boston amounted to 6.022.000
pounds domestic and 975,000 pounds foreign
making a total of 6.997,000 pounds against a
total of 5.6S5.000 for the previous week, and a
total of 3,012,000 for the corresponding week
last year. The sales since January l amount
to 63.641,900 pounds against 41.015.000 pounds for
the corresponding time last year.
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, March 27.— The second series of
the wool ; auction closed to-day. The attend*
ance was good and competition keen. Scoured
merinos were In demand at the recent ad
vance. Poor conditioned New South Wales
greasy was difficult co sell and realized low
prices as compared with the first series. > Good
greasy merinos. were 7V4 per cent and medium
greasy suitable for America was 10 per cent
dearer. Heavy and faulty were Irregular and
about unchanged. Medium greaiy of good
etyie and in good' condition was in strong de
mand" for America anil scored a full advance.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal sold well to the
home, trade and. Germany and a few. suitable
lots were taken by .American buyers at steady
prices, the best grades . scoring an advance of
& per, cent. Inferior grades -.-. were irregular.
The sales from opening call : were active and
competition brisk, especially, -during the ¦, last
week, when . the . Continent , bought freely, v. At
the close the tone was ¦ very strong, i notwith
standing the nearness of the next sales, -which
Articles- Open. Hl s h. Low. Close.
Uheat No. 2—
74«; 75H 74?; 75U
M f.y • •-•; 75% 76 75?i 76
Corn No. 2 —
Ma V «H *2K 41U 424
J OatsNo- 2 --' "* 42 * «*
:::::::::::::::: K Sg 1$ »g
Mess Pork, per bbl- "
May ....15 75 15 75 15 57*4 15 72»4
July 15 05 15 15 15 05 15 15
Lard, per 100 lbs—
March 8 05 8 07*X 8 02»i 8 02*A
July 8 00 8 00 7 97H 8 00
September 8 02"^ 8 02*£ 8 00 8 02*4
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs-
May 8 00 8 00 7 95 8 10
July 7 87*4 7 87*4 7 82*4 7 87*4
September 7 S3 7 85 7 80 7 85
Cash quotations were as follows: FlourT
steady: No. 3 spring wheat, 66S75c; No. 2 red,
75Q76%c; No. 2 corn. 4l>i@41%c: No. 2 yellow.
41*ic; No. 2 oats. 26c; No. 2 white. 2S*.»c: No. 3
white. 27*4@2SHc; No. 2 rye. 53®54c; good feed-
Ing barley, 40(5 46c: fair to choice malting. 4S@
5S*6c; No. 1 flaxs?ed. $1 55; No. 1 Northwest
ern, |1 56; prime timothy seed, $4@4 10: mess
pork, per barrel, $15 60@15 65; lard, per 100 lbs.
$S 12Vsi?8 15; short ribs sides (loose). $7 90@8 10;
dry salted shoulders ( boxed). 6%f*6T»c; short
clear sides (boxed). $S IZfpS 30; whisky, basts of
high wines, $1 27. Sugars— Cut loaf, 6.04c;
granulated, 5.47c. Clover, contract grade, $10 83.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 6!>.000 48,000
Wheat, buehels 183.000 41.000
Corn, bushels 278.000 178,000
Oats, bushels 4S7.OOO 300,000
Rye. buehels 14,000 i 3,000
Barley, bushels 31.000 24,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butt*r
market was quiet; creameries, 15<S21c; dairies,
ll@18c. Chefss. fairly active; ll©ll»4c. Eggs,
quiet; fresh, 12%c.
Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 So'i
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 S9
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, night .\— 12V4
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce — 69»i
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ 50 @ 51
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Dull markets were the rule all over
the world yesterday. Chicago opened somewhat
firmer, and there was some covering by shorts.
Cables were unresponsive. Minneapolis report
ed a good demand for Flour
This market was steady but neglected.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1@1 U1V4; milling,
$1 02V4S1 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES,
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— May. 6000 ctls, $1 03*4 • 8 000
$1 03Vi: 12.000. $1 03%: December, 2000. $1 05%.' '
Regular Morning Session — December, 2000
ctls, $1 06; 20OO. $1 05%.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
BARLEY— Continues dull and nominal.
Feed. 76VJc for choice bright. 75c for No. 1
and 72U@73?ic for off grades; Brewing ami
Shipping grades, 8J4?S3c: Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session — No sales.
Afternoon Serslon — No sales.
OATS— The only feature to the market at
present Is the almost dally receipt of ship
menU from the East. They are supposed to be
en route to the Orient for Government account,
but local dealers say that they are going into
warehouse. The domestic product continues
dull and unchanged. "White, $1 35®1 50; Sur
prise, nominal; Red, $1 30@l 45; Black, $1 150
1 25 per ctl.
CORN— Yellow. $1 10-51 15: White. $1 10@l 13;
Eastern mixed, $1 12*4 per ctl.
RYE— fsOtfTSPc per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 250
3 50. usual terms; Bakers 1 Extras, $3 15®3 25:
Oregon, $2 75@2 83 per barrel for family ami
$2 75@3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers', $2 73
MILLSTUFFS-Prlces in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, 13 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50: Rice Flour. $7: Corn Meal, $2 75:
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats. $4 50: Hom
iny. $3 50(53 75; Buckwheat Flour. $4<ff4 23;
Cracked Wheat. $3 SO; Farina. $4 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. J3 23; RollM Oats (barrels),
Jfi 10@7 60: in sacks. $5 7M?7 25: Pearl Barley.
$5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs..
Hay and Feedstuff s.
There is nothing new except that the usual
spring talk about the weather Is beginning.
The high winds of the past week or two have
formed a crust on the ground In some sections
and in these spots the plant needs a surface
sprinkle of rain to soften the Boll. Otherwise
the market Is featureless. .
BRAN— $15 50@16 per ton. v
MIDDLINGS— $16 50^19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $16 50@17 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25026; Jobbing.
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18: Corn Meal, $23<#
25 50: Cracked Corn, $23 50@26; Mixed Feed,
$15(^16. •
HAY— Volunteer. $o@8; Wheat. $11® 13: Wheat
and Oat, $3® 12; Oat. $9®U 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $8@9 CO: Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35®47*4c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
. Everything under «hls head continues dull
and unchanged. .
BEANS— Bayos, J2 50@2 63; Small White, $4 65
04 90; Large White. J4@4 25; Pink, $1 85^2 10;
Red, J3@3 25; Blackeye. $3«3 25: Llmas. $3 750
5 90; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $3 73© 1 per
ctl.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal;. Flax, $2 uOS'3; Canary, 34@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7tf@8V4c for Califor
nia and 9®9V4c for Utah; Rape, 2@2*4c; Hemp,
3Hc: Timothy." 6«4c - - -. .
DRIED PEAS— Nlles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 700
3 per. ctl; Blackeye, "nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
Oregon Garnet Chiles have advanced, being
in good demand, but other Potatoes continue
quiet and unchanged. Onions are- quoted
steady. - f
Receipts of Rhubarb^ were - double and- of
Peas .triple those of the'preceding day, ; but , a
sharp shipping demand for the North kept : the
market for both firm. Asparagus : was also In
quick demand at previous prices, . with liberal
lines taken for canning and Eastern and North
ern shipment. V Tomatoes ruled firm.
Receipts were . 1211 - boxes Asparagus, 627
boxes Rhubarb. 614 . sacks Bay - Peas and H2
sacks New Potatoes."
POTATOES— Early • Rose. " 83c@*l ; Burbanks,
25850c : for. , River and 6<XgS3o for Oregon ; | Gar
net Chiles from -Oregon, ll@l 10; Sweets, 60#
75n for * Merced : ' New Potatoes, l«?2V«c per lb.
' ONIONS— $2(83 per ctl ; - Cut • Onions, 75c@
*l 50 per sack; . Australians, $3 50@4; - Green
Onion«. 23940c per box. '
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. «0c@|l 75 per box;
Near York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK. March 27.— The movement of
today's stock market was confusing and lr
lee-jlar to the laFt degree. The dealings were
liljrhly professional and there seemed to b* a
• cntPM waging between a bull following and
• bear following, each side commanding the
frvl"-^ of tome of the oldest and mo6t skill
ful jTof«>Fional operators in the utreet. While
t-u<-h *a; the current belief among room
traders and the outside speculative contingent
whether the bulls were all really bulls or the
hrars really desired to see lower prices it
¦"•u'd lw> very difficult to say. A market of
Furh a character Is distinguished by the wari
npss an4 the skillful ruses employed by the
•¦'poratur*. For instance, experience shows that
ncthln? will caut< such eager support by large
buying orders for the account of the friends
of a stock as the knowledge of a bear raid
Hcair.st it. Thi« cave rise to the suspicion that
same lanr* operator? long of stocks were using
Trrtl hurl bear brokers to Fell out and realize
profit* in order to give the impression that
the falling v.a« for the short account. The
markrt opened with the influence of last night's
upward rueh Filll man'.fest. but the selling to
take profits caused a 0-;cllne to Fet In almost
immediately, which iorce<l priests very gen
ora!!y below last nlphfs level. In Burlington
and Northern Pacific the profit-taking was
especially heavy owing to the meager details
which accompanied thr allegations that an
ajn-cemT-t had been reached for th<» absorption
of the Rurlinfrton by tho Hill-Morgan inter
an export of gold to France also had a de
jre>Fing influence. Tl:e announcement gave
ground for the usual wrangle among exchange
fxiiertK up to whether the movement was a
*r*erial Tif or a regular exchange operation.
The e*n*riil filing is that it 1b the prelude
to' a regular nut ward movement of gold. Itank
rrs proffered to have no fear that such a
movement w)!l affect th» monej- market un
favrrably. The feeling ->t depression was prac
tically nvercnme during the first hour and
ouring the re*»t of the ilay there was a succes
sion of pilvant-es In Jifferent stock*, each de
velopment of new strength causing but a
•illght response in the i,-«*neral market and foe
ing invariably succeeded by k realizing move
m«"nt which carried j'rlc«-s back all the way
froi.i n fractlnn to 2 points. Practically each
hour during the day had Up pulsation of this
rort. BlUlinstOB and Northrrn Pacific were
?"^•neplcuous li: tli«» reoov«.T> - and both made new
J«»<iord prif*?. The extreme rise in Northern
Pa«;ne was 4 p<jints and in Uurlington 2"^.
Tli^ coaler? were Ftrcng on the belief that a
strike will be averted. The movement In Bur-
I-.\;.i' :. affected the <<lher grangers by nym
1 ;¦•'•;.. Missouri Pacific rose to a new high
level on the very favorable statement of Jan
uary net earnings, and 'he Southwestern* were
SeaenHy i-trong on tfv l*lief in the approach-
Jnis n,<-rger. the Colorado members of the group
t»>lng ponsplcuouf. T»:t Atchisons were also
ufTected am rfi-jrts it an early dividend op
the common. The re^i;i*tng gsLlns exceeded 2
l»ints In many cases snd reached as high as
4 point*. Amcng the specialties Sugar. General
QcctliC. «. 'dorado Fuel and the rubber stocks
were con*|jiouoUH. Rublier preferred rising "Vi.
t.'nJori Pacific was heavy throujrhout. although
it tveorrred eliarply from the lowest. The de
ftca'e In the February net earnings hsld the
rtork down. Only a i>w rtocks closed at the
t.'ip and the proflt-tak!*ijr. which was a feature
1'irrjUKhout. was going on at the close, which
•*a* irregular.
The bond market was strong and continued
active. Total rales, tC.CS5.000.
United ftates 3s advanced U and old 4s
(registered) *>4 per cent on the last call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sharrs - Closing
8o1<5. Ptocki— Bid.
M,ltM AL-hlson 61?4
.4*1.1*) AtchUon-prefd %:,
r.IfcM Kfcltimore & Ohio 32
¦ KW) Canadian Pacific 93-4,
1,700 <'anad<t Southern 63 1 *
7.400 <tif^irf>ake 4: Ohio 467 t
'•.COO Chicago Orcat Western 23
".4S.600 Chicago Hurllngton & Quincy 16S«4
7.41IO Chicago Indianapolis & Louis 37'i
TfK» Ohleago Indlana)>olin & Louia pfd. 72Vj
" *Ji0 f'Mcaeo A: Kastern Illinois l"7'i
" 6M Ohl'-apo & N'orth western 17$
l^C'-i Chicago Hock Island & Pacific.... 12S'i
1.20ft «- c C & Bt Louis Si
7.000 Colorado Southern ? 12m
. .300 Colorado Southern l">t prefd 47\
l.JW) coloi-ado Southern 24 prefd 22'i
i;.€(W Dflawaro & Hudson 1C6T.
4"« Delawir" I^ckawanira. & Western. 197
•i.iOi) lx>nv«r & Rio Grande 4g
r..s«i> iMnvrr 4: ltio Orandc prefd sijti
HMO Krt»> ' z^
Cl.Si'O Krlo 1st jirrfd 69^
3.4^*0 'Jrrat Northern prefd 202*;
400 Hocking Coal 171I
1.9M Hocking Vallfy ; M tl
1.3M IlllnoSf Central lj«ii
2,4fiO Iowa Central 32u
Jtio loua Ontral prefd «*u
t.OOO I^iko Erie Si Western 58 *
f^ke Kri^ & Western prefd 122
. . . i.;<K" Shore 210'i
1O.pf>fi I^.uls\1ll<- & Nashville ... ...."."." P^>»i
n.V*> Manhattan L 123U
• "M® Mrtr<.r«illuii ftnet Railway .'..".' 'imu
J1.*MW Mfxlcan «"entral t uv.
I.2U0 Minnraiioliii & St lyoui* • S7»;
Minneapolis & Kt I»uis prefd 110
lJ.a* MlF*ouri Pacific in«>si
1.300 M-ihile & Ohio .'..'.'. SI
35.700 Mfn&iurl Kancax & Texas "" ««:
t.Trift Mlsf-jiirl K»nf*s & Texas prefd 574i
rw N>w J«-rj-ry Central 15314
-Z.ma N>«- York central J46^
7.VA Norfolk fc Western Gr2
%'orfo'k S: \\>Mern rrefd K.» .
V*."X* Ncrthrrn PaWD<- 9J*;
1-..VM Northern Hn^ific -jn-rj 91i«
4".'jCQ Ontario & Western 5554
CHICAGO, March 27.— Trade in corn was act
ive the greater part of the session, but the
volume of business was smaller than has been
the average recently. The market, however,
showed a resumption of the advancing ten
dency which received something of a check yes
terday. Profit-taking was still against the
price, but the pressure was reduced. Higher
cables, light country offerings, almost Impass
able roads and unsettled weather were the bull
factor*. May opened a ehade to US'Hc higher,
42*. 4 iH42'4c, advanced to 42%<g42 :t ic. reacted to
42Va42 I <je, closing firm, 'i®»ic higher, at 42%c.
Activity of short duration at the beginning
of the session and again near the end Is the
best that can be said of the day's wheat trade.
But despite this dullness, which at times • be
came stagnation, the market exhibited a firm
undertone. Selling May and replacing lt with
July formed a considerable part of the day's*
operations. The firmness early was a result of
steady cables, moderate receipts and unsettled
weather, together with the corn strength. May
opened unchanged to Uc higher, at 73V40!
7i>Hc to 75%c and declined early on selling
through brokers to 7S^iig75M.c. The corn
strength, renewed alarm over strained relations
between Japan and Russia and somewhat
alarming Southwestern reports of damage from
Hessian fly caused a rally hear the end. Shorts
covered liberally and May rallied sharply to
76c and closed firm, *ic over yesterday, at 7574
@ 1 6c. ,
The market for oatR was dull. May closed a
shade higher at 25@25tyc.
Provisions were dull and Irregular. The close
*** r f^ her ' a . 8y - May P 0 "* 2< -4 c higher and lard
and ribs each a shade down.
The leading futures ranged as follows: ',
Chicago Grain Market.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
S3: minimum. 40; mean. 49.
V.UATHnU CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th* [WHIIIH has* fallen slowly over Califor
nia and Southern Oregon and has risen over
WHEhlnjrton and Northern Oregon, Light rain
lia<= fal'on along the coast from fian Fran
cisco northward »nd light t?now has fallen
in Nevada. Th*> conditions, however, are fa
vorable for E«"n<»rally fair weather along the
coast ot California.
The temiwraturo lias fallen over California,
Nevada and Arlznna. At Carson City there
lias bwn a. fail of al>out 10 degrees, and gen
erally through the Sierras the temperatures are
from 10 to 20 degrees below the normal.
Forecast made at Ban Francisco for SO hours
mtiatam midnight March 28. 1901:
Korthera California — Clearing Thursday along
th« coaf=t: very light t-howere in the interior;
lirl.t northly winds.
southern California — Cloudy. unsettled
matter Thursday, probably light showers in
ib*. interior: fresh aouthwesterly wind.
Nevada— LIcht pnow or rain Thursday; fresh
Dorttesst windh-.
Utah- Light Fnow or rain Thursdays con
tinued rold weather.
Arizona— Cloudy, unsettled weather Thurs
day.
Sin Francisco and vltinity — Generally fair
Thursday, prfceded by light Fhowers: fresh
northwest, changing to brisk west winds.
ALEXANDER O. McADIE.
Weather Report.
SAN FRANCISCO. March 27. 5 p. m
(I20th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
«5a»» as romparei with tho»=e of Fame date last
t-osson. j»n<l rainfall in last 24 hours:
Oregon Railway & Navigation 42
....... Oregon Railway & Navigation pfd. 78
19..>00 Pennsylvania 154U
. 42.100 Reading J5T?
70.400 Reading 1st prefd 74*4
77.700 Reading 2d prefd 60*i
Rio Grande Western 83
4.700 Rio Grande Western prefd 104
5.S00 Bt Louis & San Francisco 43*6
tU Louis & San Francisco 1st pfd.. 84V»
1.3X) Rt Louis & San Francisco 2d pfd.. 68"^
1.900 St Louis Southwestern 354
2,300 Pt Louis Southwestern prefd 64«i
700 St Paul 14914
• St Paul prefd ' iS4"t
St Paul £z Omaha 123
49,9V) Southern Pacific 4fi"4
60,600 Southern Railway 2g*i
15.803 Southern Railway prefd 79U
15,800 Texas & Pacific 34s?
61.100 Union Pacific $1%
2.300 Vnlon Pacific prefd R4*i
4.400 Wabaeh 2 l>i
IS.SOtt Wabash profd 411?
3.700 Wheeling & Lake Erie '...'.'. 1S?»
3.200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 34 i±
4.200 "Wisconsin Central 20
100 Third Avenue 12*
600 Baltimore & Ohio prefd Si
1.200 National Tube, t r 60>i
300 National Tube prefd. t r 114'i
Kx»>resB Companies —
Adams "60
American 202'i
MO United States -,i
100 Wells Fanro 144
Miscellaneous —
1,000 American Cotton O11 26
American Cotton Oil prefd 85
American Malting &»i
100 American Malting prefd 26
4.2«) American Smelting & Refining 5S*i
1.600 American Smelting & Ref prefd 96
American Spirits ii£
American Spirits prefd 17
2.IC0 American Steel Hoop, t r 42>4
1.200 American Steel Hoop prefd, t r 92»i
1.200 American Steel & Wire, t.r 43'
?J>0 American Steel & Wire prefd, t r..lO7*»
700 American Tin Plate, t r 70"^
LOGO American Tin Plate prefd. t r 115«4
13,100 American Tobacco 12t»*4
American Tobacco rrefd 144
1..V-0 Anax-onda Mining Co 46
21.700 Brooklyn Ra'ild Transit 79*;
7.900 Colorado Fuel & Iron bh\i
2.JW1 Continental Tobacco 44*i
000 Continental Tobacco prefd 104'/4
3.70O Federal Etet?l. t r 4SS
Z.ct) Federal Steel prefd 101*4
300 General Electric 217
Glucose Sucar ., 49
Glucose Sutar prefd 94
2,100 International Paper ;.. 26
«O0 International Pai>er rrefd 7S%
1"O Laclede t;«s rj
600 National Biscuit 40»i
National Biscuit prefd S.'.'i
400 National I^ead l. r >«i
National Lead prefd S3
1.200 National Steel, t r 52U
National Steel prefd. t r 114
100 New York Air Brake 159H
Sf>0 North American RS*i
SCO Pacific Coast 66
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 91
- Pacific Coast 2d prefd 64
100 Pacific Mail 35
7.000 People's Gas 105H
1.50U Pressed Steel Car 37>;
3.300 Pressed Steel Car prefd 79'4
Pullman Palace Car 204
1<V) Standard Rope & Twine 4*4
44,800 Sugar Ul%
Sugar prefd 121
7.200 Tennessee Coal & Iron 57
2,700 United States leather 13M,
l.OOO United States Leather prefd 75%
11.000 United States Rubber 22H
4.000 United States Rubber prefd 67
10.R0O Western Union 89*-j,
15.000 Arnajframated Copr>er 100«.i
1.200 Republic Iron & Steel... lfi»i
300 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 69V4
P C C & St Louis 67
1,467,200 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
TJ S 2s ref reg 106 V T Cent lets 107U
U S 2« ref coup If*' '• J Cent gen 5K...133
t: S 3s reg Ill"; >' Pacific 3s 7J14
IT S 3s coup im N' Pacific 4s 106
TT S new 4s reg. ..138V V Y C & St L 48..10RJ.4
U S new 4s coup..l3S'/ V & W consol 4s. .102U
V f? old 4s. reg 113". 'V Nav lsts 110
U S old 4s coup. ..114VS <">r Nav 4s 104;.;
U S 5s reg 1UH Or S Line 6s I2ST4
TT S 5s coup 111V; Or S Line ensol 6slt6^
IMst of Col 3.6T.S...123*; Reading Gen 4s 93'i
Atchlson gen 4s. ..1049* R G Western lnts.1014;
Atehison adj 4s 95 S L & I M cnsl Ss.llg'i.
Canada So 2ds 108 S L & S F gen 6s.Ul*A
Ches & Ohio 44S..107S St P consnls 1S4U
Ches & Ohio .5«..-.. 121?; Pt P C & P lsts. . .118 "
C A NW con 7S...141V2 St P C & P 5s 120Vi
C & N'WSFdeb 5s. 124 So Pacific 4s 93
Chgo Terminal 4s. 97 So Railway 5s 116=*;
Colo Southern 4s.. SS Stand R & T 6s... f.9
D & R G 4s 102 Texas & Pac lsts. 120
Erie General 4s.... R9 Texas &. Pac 4s »S
F W & D C Jjits..lO7% Union Pacific 4s...lO3»i
Oen Electric Es.-.ISO Wabash lsts 119«i
Iowa Central lsts. IK 1 * Wabash 2ds HOVi
L & N Uni 4s 102U West Shore 4s US'*
M K & T 2ds SO WIs Cent lsts 90Vi
M K & T 43 SS'ilVa Centuries 95*4
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 23 Little Chief 11
Alice 34 Ontario 9 M
Breece 1 20 Ophir 70
Brunswick Con ... 24 Phoenix 08
<*omstock Tunnel.. M> Potosl 10
Con Cal & Va 1 W Savasc .... 10
TVadwood Terra .. 65 Sierra Nevada 33
Horn Silver 1 lOlgmall Hopes (5
Iron Silver MjStandard 4 00
Leadville Con..: 05!
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Union Land 3U
Call loans 2HS3«i West End 95
Time loans 3Vi(54 Westlnghouse El . 62U
Stocks — Bonds —
Atch T & Sta Fe.. K2 Atchlson 4s 10J
Do prefd 94»i N K Gas & C 5s.. OS
American Sugar ..141',* Mining Shares-
Do prefd 122 Adventure 14
Amn Telephone ...163 Blngham 21'.4
Boston & Albany. .115 Amalg Copper lOOVi
Boston Elevated.. .174 Atlantic 63
Boston & Maine.. .194Vj UoMon & Montana350
Chi B &.Q.........1«8>,4 Butte & Boston... 100'i
Dominion Coal .... 37*i Calumet & Hecla..S55
Do prefd 110 Centennial 27
Federal Steel 48 Franklin 2114
Do prefd 101 Humboldt 25'
Fitchbunr prefd... 144^ Osceola 155
Gen Electric 217 Parrot 61?i
Do prefd 2C0 Quincy nj
Ed Elec 111 2*0 Santa Fe Copper.. 8*i
Me* Cent 24"£ Tamarack 337'
N E Gaa & Coke.. 12 t'tah Mining 34
Old Dominion 34 '£ Wlnona 6"i
Rubber 22*i Wolverines 514
Union Pacific 91'.;
London Market.
NEW YORK, March 27.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial eablegaam says:
Business went on improving on the Stock Ex
change here to-day deFplte the closeness of
the Easter holidays, tvhen the exchange will
be closed from Friday to Monday inclusive.
The tone was cheerful. The shorts covered
their contracts in consols. American shares
were bought steadily all day. The feature was
Northern Pacific Issues, which were very
strong:. New York frightened the market here
pomewhat by sendlns over selling orders In
Northern Pacific, but thes« sales led the sud
den rally that followed the first hesitating de
cline. Eries were also Influentlally bought.
Anacondas were not affected by the dividend
declared, although I>arit> was buying tlntns.
Money rates remained unchanged to-day. Sil
ver.was flat on New York sales and the abso
lute cessation of Indian support. *¦','*£•/
.. . CLOSING.
Afhteon. 62*/4; Canadian Pacific. 96\; Union
Pacific preferred, 87; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, S2V4: Anaconda, 9ft. Bar allver, steady,
27Vjd per ounce. Money, 3@44 p«r cent.
Condition- of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON". Maich 27.— To-day'B state
ment of the treasury balances In the ceneral
fund, exclusive of the SISO.000,000 *old reserve
Jn the division of redemption, shows: Available
cash balance, J15J.O54.400; gold, $37,247,357.
New ' York Money Market.
NEW YORK/ March 27.— Money on call
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver lover. Sterling Exchange firmer.
Wheat steady, but very dull. Other cereals unchanged.
Hay and FccdstufFs quiet and featureless.
Beans and Seeds continue inactive.
Potatoes and Onions about as before.
Brisk shipping demand for Asparagus, Rhubarb and Green Peas.
Strawberries in slender receipt.
Eleven cars of Oranges sold at auction.
Limes scarce and firm. Lemons plentiful and zveak.
Xo further change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Xo change in the Dried Fruit situation.
Provisions continue firm.
Hogs still scarce and high.
Stocks and bonds show no new features.
firmer at 2®3 per cent; last loan. 24 per cent;
prime mercantile paper. 34«t4*4 per cent. Sterl
ing exchange, firm at the decline, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 884@4 88Vi for
demand and at $4 84H for sixty days; posted
1*}°,*,' J4 &5 4®4 89: commercial bills, $4 84J8
4 844. Silver certificates, 614@63c. Bar sliver.
59?»c. Mexican dollars, 4Sc. Government bonds,
strong; State bonds, weak; railroad bonds,
strong.
New York Grain and Produce
¦ -
NEW YORK. March 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
S6.14S barrels; exports, 18,330 barrels; steady.
WHEAT— Receipts. 102,000 bushels: exports,
25,000 bushels; spot, linn; No. 2 red, SlUc f.
o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 79%c elevator: . No.' 1
Northern Duluth. S9%c f. o. b. afloat- No 1
hard Duluth, 82%c f. o . b. afloat. Options ex
perienced a steady undertone all day in spite
of dullness, being influenced by strength of
corn, higher English cables, liberal seaboard
clearances, export demand, a smaller Interior
movement and covering. Closed firm at V*<8%c
net advance: May. 80 3-1GG80V6C closed at 80?ic;
July, SO%iffS0?»c. closed at 80%c; September,
79 U-16&8OUC closed at SOUc.
HOPS— Steady.
HIDES— Firm.
WOOL-Qulet.
• COFFEE— Spot Rio. dull; No, 7 invoice. 6T4®
tc; mild, quiet; Cordova. 8©124c. Futures
closed steady, with prices 5 points net higher
to 5 points net lower; total sales, 25,500 bags,
including April, $5 50; May, $5 60; July, $5 70;
August and September, $5 80; October, $5 85;
November. $5 So<@a 90; December, $5@6 05; Jan
uary. $6 05.
SUGAR— Raw, firm: fair refining, 8 17-32c;
centrifugal, 96 test. 4 l-32c; molasses sugar,
Z S>-32c; refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts. 5104 packages; firm; fresh
creamery. J6@22c: factory, 9@14*4c.
EGGS— Receipts. 17.6.11 .packages; strong;
Western, at mark. 13 : /©15?ic.
DRIED FRUITS
The market for evaporated apples ruled very
quiet and In the absence of business prices
were more or less nominal. State common, 3@
4c: prime. 44@4Tic: choice. 5®5%c: fancy, 6@
64c. California fruits continue dull and nom
inal.
PRUNES— 3>i@7c per pound, as to size and
quality.
APRICOTS— Royal, 5'4@12c; Moorpark, 8U
@13o.
PEACHES— Peeled. 12!4iS20c; unpeeled. DU
610c.
THE STOCK MARKET.
WEDNESDAY, March 57—2 p. m,
Business was quiet on the morning session
of the Bond Exchange. Hawaiian Commercial
was weaker at $68. but there were no other
changes worthy of remark.
In the afternoon Gas and Electric told down
to $44 50.
The oil stocks were quieter and easy all day.
The March dividend of " the Spring Valley
Water Company was passed.
Dividends payable April 1 are: Gas and
Electric. 33c: Sacramento Electric, 13c; Hono
kaa Sugar, 30c.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
Bid. Ask. 1 Bld.Ask.
Is coupon 114'.4113Vil»s coup <new).138i;i39
Is registered. ..113HH4U i la quar coup. .111 —
Bay C P C 5s.l03V.»104 Oceanic SS Ss.lO4'ilC3
Cal-st Cab 5S..11SV4 — C)m C R 6s. ...128% —
C C Water 53.108% — Pac G Imp 4s. — ICOVi
E L & P 6»...128*4133*A Pk & Cl R 6S.103 —
F & Cl Ry 6s. .113 — Pk & O R 68.117 —
Geary-st R 6s. — — Powell-st R 6s. 120 —
Haw C 5*^s 1C8*; — S E G & R 5s. 95 —
Haw C 5s 104'i — S F & SJV 6s. 121*4121*4
L A R R 5s.. .113 — S R of Cal 6s.H0 —
L A I. Co 6s.. — — S P R of A 6s
Do gntd 6s... — 104 (1909) 112»i —
Do gntd 5S...100 — Do (1910) 113H —
L A P R R 55.1021,* — S P C 6s (1905,
Markt-st C 6s.l274130 Series A) — 110*.;
Do 1st c 6s. .121% — Do (Series B).U1U1»4
N C N G R 7s. — HJii Do (1906) — ltfta
N R of Cal 6s.H3 — Do (1912) 122% —
N R of Cal os.120*; — S P C 1st g BS.IO6V-1 —
N P C R R 6s. 101^ — S P Rr R 6s. .133 —
N P C R R 5s.lO8"4 — S V Water 6s. 113*4 —
NCR 6s in — S V Water 4s. 103*4 —
O G L & H Ss.HOH — Do 3d mtg...lO2«i —
Oak Tr Co 6s.ll5%116*i Stkn G & E 6s. 100 —
Oak W Co 5s.. 100 100*4,
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 71*4 1 Spring Valley. 924 »*
Marin County. 53»i — |
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... — 4 Pao Lt Co — 4* •
Eqult Gas....'. 3 3!4 Siac E G & R. — 40
Mut Elec Lt.. — SU S F O & E.... 44»i 44^i
O G L & H.... 60 — San Francisco. 4«-i 4%
Pac Gas Imp. — 44 Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund.233 — \
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 70 77*4 Lon P & A. ...148 —
Bank of Cal... — 411 Mer Ex (liq).. IS —
Cal Safe Dep.*.105%107 S F National. — 125
1st N of S F.. — 312%
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1830 1900 Sar & Loan...* — —
Humboldt .... — — Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — Union Trust... — —
S F Sav U....510 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Californla-st... — 140 O S L & H.... 49 —
Geary-st 47i,J — Presidio — 80
Market-st 69Vi 70
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co. 81% 821,4 IVtgorit **£ 3H
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan.... -7V4 *¥ Kllauea — —
Haw Com — 70 Makawell 41 41«i
Honokaa 31% 32** Onomea 28% 23H
Hutch S P 22 22% Paauhau 31% —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack... 120 121% Oceanic S3 Co 554 54
Cal Fruit Can. — — Pac A F A 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.151 —
Mer Ex Assn.105 — Par Paint Co.. IS —
Mornins Session.
Board—
75 Contra Costa Water 70 75
90 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 88 00
95 Honokaa S Co 32 00
110 Hutchlnson S P Co.". 23 374
£0 Hutchlnson S P Co 22 25
100 Makawell 41 124
150 Market-street Railway 69 50
119 Oceanic Steamship Co 55 00
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 64 874
140 Paauhau 8 P Co 32 00
23 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 50
$1000 S F & S J V bonds 121 23
Street—
$1000 Spring Valley 6s bonds ....113 23 -
Afternoon Session.
Board—
$3000 Contra Costa Water bonds 109 00
123 Giant Powder Coo 82 00
100 Honokaa. S Co t WOO
30 Hutchlnson S P Co 22 25
65 Hutchtnson S P Co 22 12^5
15 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 21 374
10 Makawell 41 23
CO Makawell 41 00
5 Oceanic Steamship Co -. 55 50
$7000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 104 50
£0 Pacific Coast Borax 15100
50 S F Gas & Electric Co 45 00
8SK Gaa & Electric Co 4* 73
110 S F Gaa & Electric Co .* 44 50
S3SF Gas & Electric CO 44 624
$1000 United States 3s bonds (coup) 11123
$1000 United States 3s bonds (coup) Ill 00
Street—
$1000 Spring Valley 6s bonds 113 50
PRODUCERS' OIL, EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
S0O California-Standard 49
1000 Giant ;.. 60
600 Hanford. Fresno. Kern River 20
300 Home 3 90
25 Kern Oil Co 7 874
200 Monrach of Arizona S3
200 Monarch of Arizona 54
100 Monte Cristo 2 49
1700 Petroleum Center 14 "
100 Petroleum Center 13
100 Sterling i... 2 124
50 Twenty-Eight 1 47Ji
Afternoon Session.
Board—
300 Bear Flair 15
100 Black Jack 1 CO
300 California-Standard 43
300 Caribous .•••• 70
100 Caribou 63
100 Four Oil Co 54
100 Home Oil Co 3 90
30 Kern Oil Co 7 874
300 Monarch of Arizona 55
400 Monarch of Arizona £6
200 Monrach of Arizona 57
50 Monte Cristo 2 33
2C00 OH City Petroleum 27
10 Peerless 8 50
200 Reed Crude 58
5G0 Sacramento 1 50
200 Sterling 2 15
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
1000 California-Standard. -10 47
1000 Four Oil Company 54
400 Monrach of Arizona 53
100 Petroleum Center 13
, 150 San. Joaquln O & D Co 9 374
10 San Joaquln O & T> Co 9 00
100 San Joaquln O & D Co. B 30 9 50
100 San Joaquin O & D Co 9 50
Afternoon Session.
Board —
1000 Bear Fag 15
200 Caribou '. «0
600 Four Oil Company 54
BOO Four Oil Company 53
100 Home Oil 3 90
1500 Independence 17
500 Monarch of Arizona 53
2200 Petroleum Center 13
100 San Joaquin O & D Co 9 SO
MINING STOCKS.
The following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morninc Session. -!. .
400 Andes 07 200 Potosl 13
100 Belcher 10 200 Savage 15
600 Best & Belcher 29 400 Sierra Nevada. 40
600 Chollar 17 300 Sierra Nevada. 39
900 Con Cal & Va..2 25 200 Sierra Nevada 33
S00 Crown Point... 12 100 Silver Hill.. 43
900 Gould & Curry. 18 500 .Union Con 23
620 Mexican 40 600 Union Con.... f>
200Ophir 80 400 Yellow Jacket.. 23
300 Ophlr 82
Afternoon Session.
600 Best & Belcher 27 20O Occidental 08
30O Chollar 17 400 Ophlr 80
1025 Con Cal & Va..2 30 400 Sierra Nevada." 37
100 Gould & Curry. 17 IOO Sierra Nevada. 38
1000 Justice 04 600 Union Con.... —
200 Mexican 37
The following were the sales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 10 700 Mexican 37
700 Best & Belcher 28 300 Ophtr 78
1100 Best & Belcher 29 SCO Ophlr 79
500 Best & Belcher 30 200 Ophlr so
350 C C & Va....2 224 200 Ophir '.'. S4
300 C C & Va 2 20 200 Savage 13
400 C C &. Va 2 23 300 Sierra Nevada 33
800 C C & Va 2 33 200 Sierra Nevada. 38
150 C C & Va 2 30 200 Silver Hill 44
750 Crown Point... 12 200 Union Con 23
800 Gould & Curry. 18 500 TTnlon Con 22
1100 Gould & Curry. 19 4C0 Yellow Jacket.. 2""
SCO Mexican ZS
Afternoon Session.. A
200 Best & Belcher 27 2C0 Mexican u
300 Best & Belcher 25 200 Ophir gi
.700 Best & Belcher 26 200 pphir 76
950 C C i Va 2 30 1500 Ophir 77
150 C C & Va 2 23; 600 Sierra Nevada 33
200C C ft Va 3 20; 200 Sierra Nevada. 37
500 Crown Point... 12 200 Sierra Nevada. 3«
200 Gould & Curry. 13 1 500 Union Con a
200 Gould & Curry. 16 ¦ -
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
. : - . WEDNESDAY. March 27—4 o. m.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid Ask
Alpha 04 0« Justice 03 OS
Alta 0« 08 Kentuck _ «i
Andes .*.'. 07 DS Lady Wash.... « fi-*
Belcher..... 09 10 Mexican jg 3}
Best & Belcher 25 26 Occidental 07 OA
Bullion 01 03 Ophlr 77- -j(
Caledonia 75 78 Overman ...... 15 1*
Challenge Con. 16 i 18 Potosl 15 ii
Chollar 16 17 Savage 13 JJ
Confidence ..... 75 76 Scorpion 04
Con Cal & Va..2 15 2 20 Beg Belcher 02
Con- Imperial... ' — C! Sierra Nevada 38 37
Con New York. — 01 Silver Hill 4* 43
Crown Point..., 11 13 St Louis. c« —
"Eureka. Con.... 06 —Standard 4 CO 4 50
Exchequer ....: 01 "02 Syndicate ' M
Gould & Curry. 16 17 TTnlon Con .21 22
Hale & Nor.... 14 15 Utah .......... fl« 07
Julia ........... 01 02 Yellow Jacket.". 20 21
Asparagus, $2® 2 23 for -fancy,- $1 25(31 75 per
box for No. 1 and 75c® $1 for No. 2; Green
Peas, 2V463C for Bay; String Beans. 5®Sc;
Cabbage, 65c; Tomatoes, Los Angeles, 75c@$l 30
per crate; from Mexico; $1 23@1 50 per crate;
Egg Plant. Los Angeles. 12H@15c per lb; Green
Peppers. Los Angeles, 8@10o per lb for Chile
and; 12%c for Bell; Dried Peppers. 12@18c;
Dry Okra, 25c per lb; Carrots. 25@35c per sack;
Hothouse Cucumbers. 75c@$l 50 per dozen; Sum
mer Squash, $1 25®1 50 per box: Garlic, 2> / 4ig3c
per lb; Marrowfat Squash, $20@30 per ton;
Mushrooms. UJ&glSc per lb.
Poultry and Game.
There was quite a line of Game received yes
terday end it sold off well.
There was rather more Poultry on the mar
ket, but: prices remained without change. A
car of Eastern came In.
S POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 10®12c for Gob
blers and 12<913c Uor Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 60©l 75: Goslings, $2 50®3: Ducks. $5 50«6 50
for old and $S@10 for young; Hens. $3(S« 50;
young Roosters, $7{?9; old Roosters, $4 50@5 10:
Fryers. $6@7; Broilers, $5<g« for large and
$304 f>0 for small: Pigeons, $2 per dozen for old
and $2 25<J?2 50 for Squabs. I
GAME— Gray Geese. $3: "White Geese, -$1;
Brant, $1 50 for small and $2 for large; English
.Snipe. $3 50; Jack Snipe. $150; Hare. $1®1 25;
Rabbits, $l@125 v for Cottontail and 75c@U for
Brush. '. .
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
I Butter was In liberal receipt, large supply
and weak at Tuesday's decline. Arrivals of
Cheese were larger, but the market was quoted
steady.
I There was no change In Eggs. Stocks contin
ued light' and the demand was good.
. ¦ Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 68,800 pounds of Butter, 1730 cases Eggs,
' 29,955 pounds California Cheese and pounds
! Eastern Cheese. .
[ BUTTER—
I Creamery — Extras, ISc; firsts, 14c; seconds,
Dairy— Extras, 14c; firsts, 13c; seconds, ;
store, lie.'
• Storage — Creamery extras, — ; firsts, — ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg. per pound. ' - \
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, \9c: choice,
Sc; common, nominal: Young Americas, 9%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16V4c per lb.
EGGS—
California Ranch— Selected White, 13*4c;
mixed colors, 12%c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 12tfc; stand
ard. 12c; seconds, .
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, — ; standard. ;
seconds, .
Storages-California fancy, : standard,
; Eastern fancy, ; standard, ; sec
onds, .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Eleven cars of Oranges were auctioned, as
follows: Fancy Navels, 85c@$l 50; choice, 60c@
$1 20; standard "do. 40®75c: fancy Florida Na
vels. 70@8Oc; Lemons. 60®90c.
Expected arrivals of Mexican Limes have not
yet come to hand and the market is practi
cally bare. Lemons continue plentiful and
weak.
Receipts of Strawberries continue light and
scattering.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
STRAWBERRIES— 75cifm per drawer for
Longworths and for Mollndos.
APPLES — 50@73c per box for common and $1
@1 73 for good to choice and $2@2 25 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 50c® $1 75;
Seedlings. ; Tangerines, 60c@$l 25; Japan
ese Mandarins. $15il 50; Lemons, 50c@$l for
common and $1 25@2 for good to choice;
Grape Fruit, 50c<&*2; Mexican Limes, nominal;
California Limes, nominal; Bananas, $1 23@2 50
per bunch; Pineapples, 75c©$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins:
There is nothing new to report, except the
action of the Cured Fruit 'Association in making
a 2c rate on Prunes for export. The domestic
price list was not toucKed.
FRUITS— Apricots, 5@7c for Royals and 8%@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples, 3V4fi5c
sun-dried, l!4@2?ic; Peaches, 3@3Hc for stand
ard, 4@4%c for choice and 5®6o for fancy-
Pears. 2#7c; Plums, pitted. 4@5c; unpitted 1®
l%c; Nectarines, 5#5*4c for red and 5^@6c for
white.
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c; 30-40s 7c*
40-503. 6Uc; 50-60s. 4%c; 60-70s, 3%c: 70-80S, 3Uo;
80-90S, 2%c: 80-100s. 2*4c; 100-120s, lHc; rubies
Uc premium; Sonomas,. He and San Joaqulna
Vic less than Santa Claras except 100 and over
which stand the same. '
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice. lie*
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, 10!4c per lb*
choice, 9V4c; standard, 8%c: prime, 8c: un
bleached Sultanas, ' 8c; Seedless, 60-lb boxes
6%c; 4-crown. 7c: 3-crown. 6V4c; 2-crown, 6c.
Pacific brand, 2-crown, 6c: 3-crown, 5*^c
and 4-crown. 5Hc; seeded (Fresno prices), fan
cy, 16-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, G^c; choice, 16
ounce, 6%c; 12-ounce, 5Uc; London Layers,
2-crown, $1 50 per box: 3-crown. $1 60; Fancy
Clusters,' $2; Dehesa. $2 50; Imperial. *3. All
prices f. o. b. at common shipping points In
California.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 8®10c per lb for Italian*
Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, 10c; No. 2. 7&c: No.
1 hardshell. 9V4c: No. 2. "c; Almonds. 12@13c
for paper-shell, 9@llcfor softshell; Peanuts,
5<g6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts,
13c; Pecans, '11313c; Cocoanuts, $3 M@5.
HONEY— Comb. 13»4@Hc for bright and 12',$
@13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7J4c; light amber extracted, 6*£@7c; dark. 6®
%M-c per lb.
BEES WAX-24® 26c per lb.
Provisions.
The situation remains as previously quoted.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, ll^c per lb for
heavy. 12@12%c for light medium, 13c for
light, 1314c for extra. light and 15®15>*c' for
sugar-cured: Eastern sugar-cured Hams.
12H<513c: Mess Beef, $12 per barrel: extra
Mess, $12 50; Family, $13 50; prime mess Pork.
$15@15 50; extra clear, $22; Mess. $18; Smoked
Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD — Tierces quoted at 6*ic per lb for
compound and 10c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
10»,ie: 10-lb tins, lCSJc; 5-lb tins, 1074c
COTTOLENE-One half-barrel, S»ic; three
half-barrels, 8Uc: one tierce, SV»c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces, 774c per lb.
Hides, Tallozv, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about 14c under quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers, 9V4c; medium, 8V4c; light. 8c. Cow
Hides, 8"4c for heavy and 8c for light;*' Stag?,
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 8c; Salted Calf,
10c; Dry Hides. 15Hc; Culls. 13c; Dry Kip. 15c;
Dry Calf. 16c: Culls and Brands. 12@13c; Bheep
sklns. shearlings. 15025c each; short Wool. 3n<fj:
40c each; medium. 50@6oc; lone Wool, 75cfi$l
each; Horse Hides, salt. $2 50 for large and $2®
2 25 for medium, Mill 25 for small and 50c for
Colts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for large, $1 25
for medium. $1 for small and 50c for colts. Deer
skins — Summer or red skins. 35c; fall or medium
skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c. Goatskins,
Prime Angoras, 75c; large and smooth, 50c;
medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 414o per lb; No. 2.
3V4<&4c: grease, 2@2*£c.
WOOL— Spring. 1900— Humboldt and M.endo
clno. 15® 16c per lb; Northern, f ree, , 12@13c ; de
fective, 9@llc; Middle County, free, 10@llc; do,
defective, 8@10c: Southern,' 12 months, 899c;
Southern, free, 7 months. 7@10c: do, defective,
7 months, 7®8c: Oregon 'Valley, fine, 15@16c; do,
medium and coarse, 14ffl3c; Oregon, Eastern,
choice, 12<g;i4c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;' Nevada;
10@12c. Fall— Humboldt and Mendocino, : 11®
12c; Middle County and Northern, g®9c; San
Joaquln. 6® 7c. -
HOPS— 15@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
There was no further change yesterday.
Hogs continue firm and scarce.
BEEF— 7@8c for Steers and 6@7&c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large, 7©8c: small. 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 8@9c; Ewes, 7H@8V4c per
pound.
LAMB— Spring:, 10®llc per pound.
PORK-Live Hoga. 180 lbs and under. .6^9
6',ic: ISO to 22." lbs. 6%c; 225 and over, 6gCUc;
feeders, -; dressed Hogs. 8^@9^c.
General Merchandise.
BAGS — San Quentln Bags, $3 63: Calcutta
Grain Bars, June and July, 7c; spot. 6"»®7c;
local make, >,4c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags,
30©34c*. Fleece Twine. 7&@8c.
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld Wel
lington. $9; Seattle. r7; Bryant, 17; Cooa Bay
$5 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend 19-
Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In sacks-
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $10
per ton: Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and $17 j n
sacks: Rocky Mountain descriptions. $8 45 per
2000 pounds and $S 50 per ton, according to
brand. ' • "
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, ' per lb, • In 100-lb bags:
Crushed. 6.05c; Powdered, 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.63c; Dry Granulated. 6.55c; Confec
tioners' A, 5.55c: Magnolia A, 5.15c; Extra C
6.05c; Golden C, 4.95c; barrels, i0c more; half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 60-lb bajrs
10c more. No orders taken for less than 73
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos. half-bar
rels, 6.30c; boxes, . 6.55c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY, MARCIf n.
Flour, qr sks IS, 460 Wool, bales... ¦" etn
Wheat, ctls....... 1.695 Talldw, ctls .,""' : -T%i
Barley, ctls....... 6,200 Sugar, ctls....... 3 wn
Oats, ctls.. .•";<• 45 Chicory, bbls. ..-..- ' 95,
Beans. sk3. ....... 400 ' Brandy, ¦ gals. .. goo
Potatoes, sks..... '3,570 "Wine.' teals...: 53 600
Onions.- sks....... . 150 Leather, rolls.... 74
Bran, sks.....:.'.. '. 460 Lime, bbln..... 2*"6
Middlings, sks... 200 Quicksilver.* flsks 14
Straw.: tons....... .:¦ 30 Hides, No......... ' ir-»
Hay, tons......... : 463 Pelts, • bdls ¦"•¦«
.' ,- EASTERN.
Oats, ctls......... 3,500('
are scheduled to open on April*), with a limit
of 250,000 bales. The Market for fine wools has
recovered from the depression prevailing ' for
fifteen months prior to the sales Just closed and
the consumption of; wool, under the stimulus
of low prices. Is resuming' normal proportions.
During the second series : 218.000 bales were
available, of which 168,623 were catalogued.
The Continent bought 02.000 bales, the home
trade, 94.000; . America. 4000, and 58,000 bales
were carried over.
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. March 27.-*CATTLE-Recelpts,
19,000, Including 200 ,Texans. Choice j steers,
steady; others at slight decline. Good to prime
steers. |4 53@6: poor to , medium. $3 70(S4S5;
stackers and feeders. $3 10@4 75; cows, $2 65@
4 40; heifers, $2 7504 60; canners. $2<g2 60; bulls.
$2 75®4 50; calves. $4 25@5 75; Texas fed steers,
$4@5; grassers, $3 40@4 ; bulls. $2 73® 3 73.
HOGS— Receipts -to-day,. 27,000; - to-morrow,
20,000 estimated; left over, 3500. Opened steady
for choice; good clearances. Mixed and butch-'
ers, $5 85@6 15; good to choice heavy, $6@6 15:
rough heavy. $3 85iffG95; light. $5 90§6 0S; bulk 1
of sales. $5 90@6 O2'£. ; • . . '
SHEEP— Receipts, 16.000. • Bheep .and lambs
about steady. Good to choice wethers. $4 80®
5 05; fair to Choice mixed, $4 50®4 85: Western
sheep, *4 SCW?5 05; yearlings, $4 S0®5 15: native'
lambs, $4 S5<g5 40; Western lambs. $5 15@5 40.
New -'York Metal Market.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, March £7.— Cable advices from
London Indicated a firm and somewhat. higher
market for tin on light speculation. Prices at
the close were about one shilling above' the
previous day's figures. The local market was
without special significance, closing quiet, but
firm, at $26 15(526 45. Copper was quiet, but
steady, at J17 for lake and $16 62^ for casting.'
Spelter, weak and unchanged at $3 S5@3 90.
Lead was dull and unchanged at $4 37Vi. Pig
Iron warrants unchanged.
NEW YORK, March 27.— The cotton market
showed Irregularity after opening easy at a
decline of 4310 points, mainly on near posi
tions. Following the opening call there was a
further recession of a point or two, after which
the market sharply advanced 3@11 points on
the appearance of one prominent house as an
active buyer, said to be on Investment account.
The market was finally easy, 4@7 points net
decline.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND, March 27.— Clearings, J309.5G0;
balances, (39,492.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND, March 27.— WHEAT— Walla
Walla, 57c.
"• Cleared — Bark Nlobe, for Queenstown, 114.S26
bushels of wheat." ;
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. March 27.— WHEAT— «ie higher;
bluestem. 59'ic: club, C"c.
The British 6teamshlp Moyune, the first of
the new China-Mutual line, cleared from the
customs at Tacoma to-day with 67,075 bags of
wheat, valued. at $86,827. for Suez for orders.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 27.— Consols. 95 7-16; silver.
27Hd; French rentes, lOlf 35c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, firm, but not active; cargoes Walla
Walla, 28s 9d: English country markets, steady.
LIVERPOOL. March 27'.— Wheat, steady; No.
1 .Standard California, 6s 3V4d@6s -I.I ; wheat In
Paris, steady; flour in Paris, steady; French
country markets, steady and quiet; weather In
Inland, fine, but cold.
COTTON-Uplands, 4 21-S2d.
CLOSING.
"WHEAT — Spot, firm: No. 2 red 'Western win
ter. 6s "rid*. No. 1 Northern spring. 6s 3%d; No.
1 California, 6s 3<4d. Futures, steady; May,
6s "*d; July. 6s -VI.
CORN — Spot, firm; American, new, 3s lid;
do. old. 4s 3d. Futures, steady: May, 3s lOVid;
July, 3s lOTjd; September, 3s lOTjd.
TIIE SAK FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
60
20
8
8. M.IT. IW^T. |,F. | S. Moon'> Phases.
1 2 /^v Full Moon.
~T ~T ~T ~T ~7 ~ ~7 1 — — ~ — ¦ —
,«• t.ast Quarter.
10 U tf O il_ iL\il March 13.
». I I ! I I I -» March 26.
INVESTMENTS— LOANS.
• Gilt edge bonds, bearing 5 per cent Interest,
for sale.
Also dividend paying stocks In Industrial cor-
porations.
West Coast Investment Co ,
Room US Phelan Building,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
OCEAN TRAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
y. Steamers leave Broadway
ra» wharf. San Francisco:
|?irfc_ For Alaskan Torts— 11 a. m .
tCTSy^. \prll 1. Change t^ company's
HiJrCs!****. steamers at Seattle.
FSl^Gwa for Victoria, Vancouver <B.
faSyjMa W.4 c> Port Townseii'l. Seattle.
EgifCL-e"5[i1 Ta^ma, Kvcrett. Anacirtei
r^^E&xBo a nd New 'Whatcom (Wash).—
Uf- a a. m.. April 1. and every
fifth day thereafter. Changs
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry. ; at Seattle or Tacoma
to N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— I p. m.. March
23, April 3. and every fifth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redindo (Los An-
' geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon, Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavlota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme. San P«dr<\
Kast San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nlta. Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Majjdalena. Bay, San Jose d>l
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymaa tMex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves th» right to chanr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notlc*.
TICKET OFFICE—* New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agt*..
10 Market »t.. San Franclsca.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAilERS TO 1
PORTLAND
From Spear-street "Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADC S'2 First Class Including Berth
lAnr $3 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sail?- Apr. 3
GEO. W, ELDER sails Mar. 23, Apr. S
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butt*.
Helena and to all points In the Northwest,
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. Ceneral Afjent.
1 Montgomery st.
NOME,
Teller, Behring,
Golofnin, etc*
S. S. JEANIE,
P. H. MASON. Master.
S.S.THRASHER
T. I*. ELLIS, Master.
Will leave San Francisco en
SATURDAY, April 20, 1901
THRASHER goes DIRECT TO NOME.
JEANIE ffoes by way of Seattle, leavlne that
port on April 2S.
S. S. VALENCIA. J. M. Lane. Master, leaves
Pan Francisco May 14. 1301. and Seattle May
JO, 1301, for Nome, Teller, Behring, Golofnin.
etc.
For passage and freight apply to
PACIFIC STEAM WHALING Cf?..
*> CALIFORNIA ST.. SAN FRANCISCO.
Cor. of First ave. and Yesler way. Seattle.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW T0BK. 80DTHAKFT05. L05D05. PARIS.
Stopplnr at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 19 a. m.
St. Louis April S St. Louis April 24
New York April 10 New York May 1
Vaderland April 17 St. Paul May S
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 noon.
Friesland April 31 Kensington ....April 24
Southward April lOlZeeland May 1
WVsternland ...April 17 1 Friesland May S
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General A«rent Pacific Coast, JO Montgomery st-
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
CfEAMEna TSTLIj LEAVE tv-JIATW. COR-
*- ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 s m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe <HIogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong- with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sail Inc.
S3. HONGKONG MARU.Tuesday. April ». 1301
i SS. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 3, IOflJ
SS. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday Maya 1301
Round-trip tickets - at reduced rates. For
frelsrht and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.- *
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R, R. Z^
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. .510.": Steerage. $ 1<V
S. S. Roanoke sails Tuesday, April 3
S. S. Leelana-w sails Saturday, April 20
S. S.Argyll sails . . Monday, May 6
From 'Wharf. Harrfscn st-. 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. PaclHe Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA 8U0 AMERICANA -^E VAPO^ES
To Valparaiso, stopplr.c at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Lombard
wharf. 12 m.
AREQUIPA Apr. 4 PERtT Apr. —
LIMARI Apr. 17 GUATEMALA .May —
The«e steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American r>assenjjer service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama. > Freight
and paifnengrer of flee. 31lt California street.
BALFOUB. CUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
ueeanics.5.to. ssssga
S3. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia .*.
Friday. March 23. s p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. April 6. 2 p. m.
I O.SPBECKIS & BH03. CO., Brasral Jto-its. 327 Karht St
Een'l Paaengsr Cite, 643 H3rt;t St.. Pier ta, 7. Pttlh St
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH-CHERBOURG-HAMBUnCf
A. Vlctorla.Apr.il. lfcunlF. Elsmarck Mav 9
Deutschland Ap.l8.3pmlDeuts;hland May 18
Twin-Screw Passenger oervic*
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBTTRa
•Bulgaria April 8'Phoenlcla April CO
Pretoria April 131
¦Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg-Amerlcao Line, 37 B'way. N. Y.
HERZOG & CO.'. General Agents for PaciSc
Coast, 401 California st.
OOMPAONIZ 0SN33AL3 TEAS 1 ATLAITTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE- PARIS.
SallinK every Thursday, instead of *4Z}f£u\
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Plnr'O. - : 5*« I| C5*
North River, foot of Morton street. Firs* class
to Havre. S."5 and upward. Second i! •»¦ to-
Havre. IJ5 ami upward. GENKKAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA. 33
Broadway (Hudson bullUlnjr). New York J. K.
FUGAZI tc CO.. Pacific Coast Atrents. J Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold try
all Railroad Ticket Agents-.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS. ,
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD ANO^fmm'
Steamer "Montlcello."
MON-. TUES-. WED. THURS. AND SAT
at 9:« a. m.. S:13. 8:30 p. m. (except Ttauril
day night): Fridays. 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sunday*
10:30 a. m., 8 p. m. Landing: and office. ' Ml*!
«lon-it. Dock, Pier No. Z. Telephone Mam U0i, SEATTLE— Arrived ,<, March. 27— Stmr Excel
sior, •from Valdez;.stmr Dirtgo. from Skaguay.-
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed March Si— Ship. A
.^Fuller,; for Cape . Town ;; Br bark ColIlnKrove,
for.'Shr.nghal. ¦¦'.-., •-;¦-, • ¦ , '¦. . • • -v: - :
ASTORIA — Arrived K March •• 27— Ger ship
,Wcga, from -Yokohama. .
DOMESTIC ; PORTS,
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Scene of Asphalt Trouble.
WASHINGTON. March 27.— Orders were
cabled by Secretary Long to-day to the
gunboat Scorpion directing her to proceed
to La Guayra. Venezuela. These orders
were issued at the request of the State
Department. The department- insists that
no advices have been received Bhowing a
dangerous situation existing. ~ or of any.
developments In the asphalt dispute. It is
simply considered advisable that an Am
erican man-of-war should be in Venezue
lan waters about this .time.
State Department Considers It Ex
1 pedient to Have Warship Near
GUNBOAT IS ORDERED
TO VENEZUELAN WATERS
CharlesRlos was sent by Officers Tyr
rell and Tobin last night to the Receiving
Hospital, from 10 Sherwood place, where
they, found him lying ; in a stupor. • Rlos
quarreled with a young lady living there
and visited tho house, determined upon
revenge. He got into a rage and demol
ished the furniture, saturating it with
kerosene. Such .was his , passion' that ¦ he
fainted before he could apply the match
He- was charged 'with disturbing the
peace. ¦! " ¦ ""-"¦.¦:-¦ --¦¦¦• - ¦
Vents His Anger .on Furniture.
FERBIEBS QUAEREL OVEB r ;<
CHILD AND ¦ FURNITURE
Wife Say 8 She Was Not Cruel tD
, Baby and Had Bight to Make.
Sale.
Mrs. David Ferrier. in answer to charges
made by her husband, denies that she has
neglected her child and cays, she; had;. a
right to sell thefurniture In the flat 1 for
merly occupied by herself and husband at
1321 Minna street. Ferrier returned to his
home last Monday night and found his
wlfo gone; and also the furniture. Tho
only thing • remaining in the house was
the two-year-old baby of the couple.
Mrs. Ferrier clajms that the husband
kidnaped the child Sunday night. :. She
says that when she, went to the house
Monday and found Vh e child gone she sold
what was left of, the furniture. : i She also
says she - kidnaped the 'r child once, but
denies emphatically \ that' she ever Ill
treated It.
The couple have . been quarreling • for
some time and separated last Sunday.
Money Available for Proposed "Work
of Sanitary Reform in Chi
n£se Quarter.
Gavernor Gage arrived in the city from
Sacramento yesterday afternoon to attend
a conference of the health aufhoritlcs on
the subject of placing Chinatown in a
proper sanitary condition. Prior to his
arrival Daniel I Kerane, secretary of tho
State Board of Examiners, and Dr. Mat
thews of the State Board of Health con
ferred with the committee appointed Tues
day night by the local board. The secre
tary and the Governor exchanged mes
sages over the wlrft and as a result tho
latter came to San Francisco and another
conference was held last night.
The money required for the proposed
work of sanitation is available. The
measures of sanitary reform will be con
ducted under the supervision of the State
Board of HeaJth. . :
CONFERENCE OF THE
HEALTH AUTHOEITIES
WOENNE AND PENN SENTENCED.-WU-
Ham Wocnne and John Penn, a colored man,
who were convicted by Judev Conlan on the
charge of battery upon Mrs. Harry Piper, at
her residence on Birch avenue, were sentenced
yesterday to pay a fine of |20 each. The light
ness of the fine was owing to the fact that a
suit for damages has been entered against th«
defendants.
SMUGGLED GOODS ON THE GAELIC —
Thirty-two dozen silk caps, handkerchiefs and
embroidered scarfs were seized yesterday by
Customs Inspectors on the Gaelic. The articles
had been secreted in the crews' quarters for
ward. The inspectors found also ten 5-tael tins
of smoking opium, valued at ISO, concealed in
the caocnter'a bench.
C. HERRMANN & CO. INSOLVENT.— The
Volk Hat Company of South NorwaJk. Conn. ;
Frank Schobel & Co.. Philadelphia, and Price
it Voeht, Philadelphia, petitioned the United
States District Court yesterday to declare. an
Involuntary insolvent C. Herrmann & Co.. hat
ters, at 328 Kearny street. The petition alleges
that Herrmann & Co. allowed themselves to be
attached for J23M 80 in the suit of F. L. Gads
b>\ and thereby allowed him to become a pre
ferred creditor.
versary of the \Vomen'« Home Missionary So
ciety of San Francisco Presbytery will be held
at the First Preebyterian Church to-morrow
morning, at 10:30 o'clock. Addresses by the
officers of the society and crucial music will
be features.
SPECIAL SERVICES AT SPANISH
CHURCH.— Special cervices will be held at
Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe Church, 90S
Broadway, to-morrow morning at 10 o'clock A
carefully selected choir will slni? "Stabat Ma
'.er*' and solemn high mass will be celebrated
by the pastor, Rev. A. M. Santandreu.
HOME MISSIONARY SOCIETY ANNIVER
SARY.—.Services in honor of the eleventh anni-
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
Tn order .that home productions • of
marble cutters may be known, the Marble
Cutters' Union has decided that a stamp
must be placed on all marble cut in this
city. BJMt8lflCT^w*wWiitn)i:iggfla^ ' •
Marble to Be ,. Stamped.
The San Francisco Machinists' Union
held Its regular,- weekly meeting: at 32
O'Farrell street' last night. Forty new
members were admitted to the union and
five were reinstated. The organization Is
progressing, rapidly and is now one of
the strongest unions In the West. The of
ficials are confident that present.difficul
ties will soon be adjusted and that the
much talked of, strike in' May may be
averted, to . the satisfaction of all con
cerned.
Machinists' Union Growing.
The grocery clerks are busy seeking sig
natures from their employers to an agree
ment to an earlier hour of closing.
The boxmakers have succeeded in form
ing an organization, with the following
officers: President. C. C. Clement; vice
president. .J..D. McCarthy; financial sec
retary. Andrew Carroll; recording secre
tary, John Comyn; ;J. A. Wilson, treas
urer; sergeant-at-arms, Joseph Brown;
trustees, James McCann, James Fitzger
ald and Edward Hoffman. •
An organization of. the vinegar and
pickle workers has been accomplished and
the following officers elected: President,
George Croccio; vies president, C. Blfiln;
treasurer, W. Walters; financial secre
tary, Miss M. Compodonlco. As soon as
the organization gains sufficient strength
at demand for a labor day of nine hours
wlll'be made.
Other Labor . Unions.
John Flynn was arrested last night on
charges of obtaining money under false
pretenses and grand larceny. He sold a
horse and wagon to Ben Zideau that he
had hired from A. Habler at 873 Folsom
street, giving Zideau a bill of sale under
the name of Kelly. Zideau returned the
rig to the stableman and complained to
the police.
Sells Stolen Rig.
Th«* employes of the Board of Public
Work? nrr greatly rxcrci«erl over the pro
mulgation of an order renuirinjr them to
fr<v«» two separate bonds for the faithful
performance of their duty. Heretofore
«-;n1y a bond to the city was exacted, but
row an indemnity bond must be given in
addition.
Board Requires Two Bonds.
Southern Pacific Company Will Allow
Squatters -to Remain if They
Pay Nominal Rent. v
It was announced by the law depart
ment of the Southern Pacific Company
yesterday that with the decision rendered
In favor . of the company In reference to
the squatters that have settled on land
owned by the corporation that they would
be left undisturbed if they recognized the
railroad's title to the property. The rec
ognition of ownership must be shown by
the squatter tenants paying a nominal
yearly rental for the ground. Those who
will still pay the 'rent, and the ground
they occupy Is not needed by the railroad
for right of way purposes, will be undis
turbed. On the other hand, those who
have fought the railroad and refuse to
sign a lease or pay rent will be ejected
Immediately.
MUST RELINQUISH ALL
THEIR CLAIMS OR MOVE
' After Twenty .Years Near, Great
-Salt Desert.:-
BELL.EVILL.EJ,; Ohio,' March 27.— W. B.
Cover of : this place to-day ; received news
of the finding of the remains of his broth
er, Thomas .B.: Cover, i who disappeared
afcou V twenty years ago while • prospecting
In ' the' Carlssoibad lands, - California; ; for
a" mythical; gold ,mlne." A few days ago. a
surveying partyi discovered a human skel
eton about six miles east of the Great Salt
desert ; and •. the ibones iwere identified ' by^a
trinket * found .beside them" as the remains
ofiThomas Cover. <::»^S^gg#: :
Remains, of & Gold-Seeker Found
TRINKET ON BONES
TELLS '< OF A TRAGEDY
Woman Who Charged the. Man With
.Wronging Her Shoots Him
vj on the* Street.
HOUSTON. Tex., March 27.— John
Walsh, . a lieutenant In ; the' fire depart
ment, was killed to-day by Mattie Gra
ham i the daughter of a policeman. Miss
Graham recently prosecuted Walsh, alleg
ing that he had wronged her, and he was
under bonds to answer to the grand Jury.
The girl walked behind Walsh as he left
a car , to go, to the Central, fire station,
placed a revolver to. his back and fired.
She ¦ was -arrested. ,.
BUTTE, Mont.. March 27.— During a row
In a saloon In the Boulevard Addition at
an early hour ; this morning Frank I Gra
man, an Austrian, was killed by being
beaten on the head with a chair and
Chris Valiant, also an Austrian, was fa
tallv stabbed in the abdomen. Frank
Fraley, another Austrian, is missing, and
the police are searching for him as the
murderer of Graman. All that can be
learned Is that Graman came Into the sa
loon drunk and cut Valiant. .Then Fraley
beat Graman's brains out with a chair.
All the men concerned are miners.
POLICEMAN'S DAUGHTER
MURDERS A FIREMAN
One Fighting Montana Miner Is Al
ready Dead and the Other
Fatally Wounded.
QUARREL IN SAXOON
WILL COST TWO LIVES
ITearly a Thousand Natives Leave
Their Homes for Positions in
the South Pacific.
PONCE. Porto Rico. March 27.— The
American steamship Callfornlan, which
sailed from Guanico yesterday for New
Orleans, has on board 899 emigrants des
tined for Hawaii. Of the number 395 are
men and the remainder are women and
children. The emigrants are physically
superior to those of the previous expedi
tion. • --
The American steamship Porto Rico,
which sails hence to-day, will take 400 per
sons who are to be employed in the Cuban
iron mines. ,
PORTO BICANS GOING
TO HAWAIIAN PLANTATIONS
Mrs. Vesta L-lndley. 933 Market street,
secured a warrant from Judge Fritz yes
terday for the arrest of Mrs. Mary E.
Weber of the same address, on a charge
of obtaining money by false pretenses.
Mrs. Lindley alleges that she gave Mrs.
Weber $150 on her representation that she
had paid that amount to a Mrs. Green for
a lodging house which Mrs. Lindley
wanted to purchase, and that' such repre
sentation was false. A warrant was also
issued Monday for Airs. Weber's prrest on
the complaint of A. W. Hitt, charging her
with embezzling a check for $9. which he
gave her to cash for him. Mrs. Weber
has not yet been arrested.
Alleged Woman Swindler.
The annual report nf Rev. D. O. Crow
ley, superintendent of the Youths' Direc
tory, reflects a. great deal of credit upon
th«? charitable j»oople of San Francisco.
The rovtrorid father, who has made the
care of homeless hoys his lifework. with
out rallJi.g on the State or church for aid
during the last y*"jir provided for €25 boys.
Many of thfse Were pent to the directory
from the <'ity Prison, fomc were sent by
in*> pastors of various churches and quitp
8 few were sent by relatives and friends
«if the homeless ones. m
The following: disposition was made of
the boys received:
Pt. Vin^nf* Asylum. T2; Infant Aeylum. F.
F V "i: rfturnfl to euartlian*. 94: homes in
fVn'mvi country. 311: Cirln" Directory. *:
Tls-yr' et><1 <;ir!s' Aid Society, i: German
ViMf-r». nurrrero trui <Tiventy-fourth BtreetF,
1; rcSUlSlDS 'n directory. €7. Total. 623.
MANY HOMELESS BOYS
TAKEN FROM STREETS
W. R. Bradbury, the millionaire expect
orator. was sued yesterday in the Justics-*'
Court by A. G. Carswell and Mrs. A. A.
Carothers for $299 damajes. The plain
tiffs run a boarding-house on Bur«h street
and Van Ness avenue belonging to Brai'
bury. The complaint alleges that la?t
Tuesday morning Bradbury appeared on
the premises and went through the halls
violently rapping on the doors of the
lodgers with a ¦ heavy cane. A regular
panic ensued and ladies who had not ret
awakened ran out in their nightclothes.
thinking the house was en lire. Bradbury
tore around like a wild man and in a lou-J
voice threatened to throw everybody out.
Including Carswell and Mrs. Carothers.
Bradbury in Trouble Again.
BERLIN. March 27.— The Cologne Ga
zette says regarding the rumors that the
Crown Prince Frlederich Wilhelm intends
to marry an Austrian Princess that the
Gazette is reliably Informed that the
Crown Frinee will In no circumstances
marry a Catholic, but either a German or
an English Princess.
Will Not Marry a Catholic.
PETALTJMA, March 27. — Timothy
Lavin, once a wealthy land-owner, died in
destitution at the County Hospital to-day
at the age of 87 years. He came to Cali
fornia in 1&1S. He was a native of Ire
land.
Timothy Lavin.
GOLD IN THE RTJTNS
OF AN ANCIENT CITY
Sxplorars in Egypt Find Precious
Metal and Records of Old-
Time Kings.
BOSTON. March 27.— Rev. William C.
Winslow, vice- president of the Egyptian
exploration fund, has just received official
word that Professor Petri has unearthed
at Abydos the records of kings before
Mena. the founder of the first dynasty,
nearly 4800 B. C.
"We have found," writes Professor
Petri, "the names of Narma Ka and a
king named by a fish sign, perhaps also of
two kings. Deb and Sam of Mena. and
those earliest kings. There are about
thirty Inscriptions and a heavy strip of
gold w.'th the name Aha (Mena). In the
tomb of Khasekouml were found stone
vases, each with a gold cap tied on with
gold wire; also two broad bangles of gold
and a.dinner service of a dozen pans and
dishes, with 160 models of tools in sheet
copper. The frequent use of ivory then is
witnessed by the discovery of forty In
scribed ivories and stones and two lions
cut in ivory."
EI^ECTRIC ROAD MAY
JOIN THE TWO TOWNS
Grass Valley and Nevada City Ara
Interested in a Railway
Project.
GRASS VALLEY. March 27.-A petition
is being circulated for signatures and will
be' presented to the Supervisors! at their
meeting next week for a franchise for an
electric railroad between Grass Valley
and Nevada City. John Martin, president
of the Bay Counties Power Company, is
understood to be back of the enterprise.
Stage line and trains now supply accom
modations, to the traveling public, but an
electric line, it is believed, would be a
profitable investment.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, March 27.-Following
are orders issued to-day by the Postofflce
Department:
Postoffices established: Oregon—Luck
boy, Lane County, George A. Dyson, post
master. Postmasters commissioned: Cal
ifornia — George B. Hayden. North On
tario: John M. Cheney, Sonora; Frank H.
Langham. Susanvllle. Oregon— Chester
G. Coad, Dallas. Appointed: California—
L. B. Sheafe, Jacksonville, Tuolumne
County, vice E. F. Booker, removed.
These pensions were Issued to-day: Cal
ifornia—Original, William D. Farley,
dead, Redding. $8. Reissue, Riley C.
Storey. Palo Alto, $12. Mexican war wid
ows, Allen E. Parke, -VacavIHe, $S. Ore
gon — Increase, John "W. Arlirins, Gales
Creek, *8. '
Major Shadworth 0. Bealey, surgeon of
volunteers, now in San Francisco, is as
signed to duty in the Philippines. Acting
Assistant Surgeon Cosam J. Bartlett, now
in Alaska, is ordered to San Francisco.
Gazin, Landscape Fainter.
NICE, March 27. — The landscape painter,
Gazin, died here to-day.
Southern Pacific Company Obtains an
Important Concession as Against
Its Canadian Compstitors.
The Rr< retary of the Treasury has noti
fied Collector of Customs Stratton that
hereafter bonds covering all shipments of
TT>*>rchanfiiRe in transit through the United
States to any foreign port may be can
rrkcJ in the same manner a? similar bonds
covering transit phipments from Canada;
that is, by a certificate of the Collector
of «*uMorn"tf at the final port of shipment
that the merchandise has been laden on
twird of a vessel which has cleared and
Failed lor a foreign pnrt. This will save
much • jinnoyance and considerable ex
j-«>n-a» nrr transit Fhlpm^nts, as a certifi
cate hy the Inited States Consul at the
port of destination in a foreign country
ihiii ttc merchandise has actually been
landed In sueh foreign country will not be
nrr*<*smiry hereafter.
Thi* ruling is th* 1 result of an applica
tion rrorn K A. Stevenson, customs agent
<if the Southern Pacific Company, who
Mated tl at "a concession equal to that
r-njoved by Canadian exporters would b<»
aijvdntapiouf to forwarders in the United
States."
CANCELLATION OF BONDS
ON FREIGHT IN TRANSIT
LOOMIS. March 27.— Mrs. Edith E.
Bolton, wife of G. M. Bolton, died at her
home near Loomls early this mornlnjc.
She was a native of California, aged 43
years, and a daughter of Judge Doane of
Sacramento. She died of consumption.
Mrs. Edith E. Bolton.
Peter A. Giacommazzi.
SAN JOSE. March 27.— Peter A. Giacom
mazzi. a pioneer of this county, died at
his heme on the Milpitas road this morn
ing. He was a native of Switzerland and
ZJ. years of age. For more than forty
years he had been a resident of this coun
ty, where he had followed farming and
merchandising successfully. A widow and
several children survive him.
l •
The Mexican Consul at El Paso, wh«
has just returned from Mexico City, states
that President Diaz in his opinion would
certainly make the trip if he could find
time to spare from official business which
requires his attention. A committee of
El Paso and Juarez citizens has been ap
pointed to visit the Mexican capital at an
early date and officially Invite Diaz to
visit the border.
THE DAY'S DEAD.
EL PASO, Tex., March 27.-To-day a bill
was Introduced In tirte Texas Legislature
by XV. "W. Bridges of El Paso Inviting
Presidents MeKinley and Diaz to visit
here in May for the purpose of meeting
one another at the middle of th« Interna
tional bridge which spans the Rio Grande
at this point. The bill will pass without
opposition.
President MeKinley has already an
nounced, his decision to spend a day in El
Paso, but President Diaz has not yet been
heard from except through unofficial
sources. He has stated to visi
tors on more than one occasion that he
would be delighted to visit the border and
meet the President of the United States.
PRESIDENTS MAY MEET
ON THE BORDER LINE
The Chief sent for Kane and he and his
attorney appealed before the Chief Tues
day night. Kane admitted the facts and
promised not to use the star again, but
as it was his own property he retained
possession of it. The Chief pointed out to
him that he might get h'.mself into seri
ous trouble by breaking down doors with
out a warrant and by impersonating an
officer, and Kane's attorney coincided
with the Chief.
Kane said that he might make applica
tion to the Commissioners for a special's
star, but he was not certain.
The Chief ascertained that Kane
had a special officer's etar up to the year
]fc97, but it was not renewed after that
date in accordance with the rules then in
force, bo that from that time he had no
right to use the star, as It had to be re
newed every year. Urder the charter a
special officer has his star at the dis
cretion of the Police Commissioners, but
Kane made no application to the present
board.
¦Tha jecent action of Frank Kane, secre
tary of the Pacific Coast Society for the
Suppression of Vice, in breaking into a
hou^e In Chinatown with the object of
rescuing a Chinese slave girl, led Chief
Sullivan to make inquiry as to his author
ity for doing so.
Careful in Breaking Down
Doors.
KANE NOT ENTITLED TO
WEAR A SPECIAL'S STAR
Chief Sullivan Advises Him to Be
Allman was last seen alive, so far as
the detectives can trace him. early last
Thursday morning. He left his residence
at tho southwest corner of Clay and Sev
enth streets a few hours before and wan
dered off. no one knows where. It is sup
posed now that he strolled aimlessly to
ward the water front, fell overboard and
was drowned.
There were no marks of violence on the
body, and the detectives are satisfied
there was no foul play, because the aged
pioneer's effects — papers, a gold watch
and chain and Masonic charm— were in
tact. The watch had stopped at 2:25
o'clock. The remains were not badly de
composed, and the features had been only
slightly marred by the stay In the water.
The dead pioneer was known through
out the Pacific Coast in early days as a
stage line owner and United States mail
contractor. H« had control of a large
number of mail routes and did an extcn
pive business handling malls before the
railroads came into the West. His life
was full of exciting experiences and
OAKLAND, March 27.— The body of
John Allman, the veteran stage
line owner, who disappeared mys
teriously a week agro, was recov
' ered from the estuary this after
noon at the foot of Clay street by boat
men, who saw the remains floating In the
water, end brought the corpse ashore.! It
was identified at the morgue as that of
the man for whom the police have been
looking since last Saturday.
City Engineer Grunsky and Prof. A.
I*. Corey explained to the committee the
details of the former's report on the esti
mated cost of a municipal electric light
ing plant. "
The City Engineer was also request
ed to ascertain the cost of an aux
iliary salt water system for fire pro
tection and sprinkling tne streets and
flushing the sewers; also to furnish
a statement showing the amount of
water available for use In the San Ma
teo system of reservoirs of the Spring
Valley Water Company; also whether the
water will be exhausted in the near fu
ture; whether the company, has a means
of increasing its sources of supply and
how long the Increased supply will pre
vent a water famine. The City Engineer
was also requested to include the cost of
generating I and - delivering for sale the
maximum amount of electricity capable
of being generated at the source of the
Sierra supply, the cost of which he is at
present estimating.
Tho City Attorney was asked to give
his opinion if. under the charter It is re
quisite that plans and estimates of the
actual cost of the original construction
and completion by the city of all the pub
lic utilities enumerated In the charter
shall be procured before the Supervisors
can submit to the people the question of
the issuance of bonds for the acquisition
of any one of the public utilities named
therein. .
The Supervisors* Public Utilities Com
mittee last night recommended the pas
sago of a resolution directing the City En
gineer, pursuant to the charter, to pre
pare plans and estimates of the cost of
the original construction and completion
of the Geary-street road as an electric
road, with underground power; flat rails
and the most improved electrical appa
ratus known to science; also to make
plans and estimates of the cost of chang
ing the said road Into an overhead elec
tric road. • ... ¦
Changing Geary-Street Cable
Into Electric Road.
City Engineer to Estimate Cost of
WILL FIGURE COST OF
ALL PUBLIC UTILITIES
Besides the daughter, Mrs." Emma
Tompkins, there is a son, George, surviv
ing. The young man Is now In business
at Vigan, Island of Luzon. He went to
the Philippines in the Fourteenth United
States Infantry, served seventeen months
and after being mustered out returned to
the archipelago to rtiake his fortune.
Major Tompkins cabled him to-night to
come 'home. Allman's wife died many
years ago. He was a. member of the Ma
sonic fraternity, being affiliated with
Chapter 4. The Coroner will hold an in
quest. Tho funeral arrangements have
not been made.
among them was a battle with the Piuto
Indians during one of their outbreaks in
the '6O's. Allman had his stables burned
and horses killed In one of the red men'3
raids and now has a claim before the Gov
ernment for JSOOO or $10,000 growing out o*
his losses during the Indian depredations.
He lived In Ventura for a number of
years, where he amassed considerable
wealth at staging. During his later years
Oakland was his headquarters. There
were few men in the State better known
than "Honest" John Allman when he
handled the ribbons - on his big stage
coaches. His life was filled with adven
ture from youth. Born in the north of
Ireland more than seventy years ago, he
grew to boyhood and then' ran away to
sea. In 1849. when 19 years old, he came
to California. Drifting from camp to
camp, the young man settled down to
staging and hotel keeping. His yearB of
activity left hardly a mark and he re
mained a remarkably well preserved man.
BOSTON, March 28.— Senor Sixto Lopez,
former secretary of Agulnaldo, was In
formed of -the report this morning an
nouncing the capture of the noted Fili
pino leader, and asked if he had any com
ment to make upon it. Senor Lopez ex
pressed doubt as to the correctness of the
report, but said that even if it were true
there were other Filipinos besides Agul
naldo who would take the leadership, and
that the defense of the Filipinos would
continue. • The policy of the latter would
not be affected. Senor Lopez would not
talk at length, saying that he would pre
pare a statement for the press In a few
days. - - ¦ '¦-¦
Says There Are Other Leaders to
Take Aguinaldo's Place.
LOPEZ NOT DIS00T7UAGED.
MANILA. March 27.— General MacAr
thur - has approved' the sentence of. tho
military commission which tried the lead
er of the Philippine secret society known
as the Mando-Ducats, who murdered Qul
simbing. native president of the town, of
Calamba, on Bay Lake, and took his head
to the headquarters of the insurgent gen
eral of that district, Cailles. Five of the
ringleaders of * the Mando-Ducats •were
sentenced to be hanged at Calamba April
5. one to imprisonment for life and four
others to imprisonment for twenty years.
Captain August McManus of the Thir
ty-third Volunteer Infantry, who effected
the arrest and secured the conviction of
these Mando-Ducats leaders, has been
highly complimented for his work.
Affairs In the Laguna Province are as
suming better shape since the inhabitants
have been largely relieved of the terror
ism exercised by the Insurgents.
Official.
Sentence of the Murderers of a Native
PLAGUE IN MANILA
CLAIMS MORE VICTIMS
Reports of the Marine Hospital Ser
vice Tell of the Philippine
Health Conditions.
WASHINGTON. March 27. — Marine
Hospital Set-vice reports from Manila
show for the week ending February 9 an
Increase of six cases and four deaths from
plague, four Filipinos and two Chinese be
ing the victims. The Board of Health
has the city divided into districts, each
district being Inspected daily. The plague
cases are thus discovered early. The re
ports state that reliable information of
every case of sickness among the Chinese
Is secured through the co-operation of the
Chinese themselves.
Passed Assistant Surgeon Thomas at
London reports that there has been a.
further increase in the number of plague
cases at Cape Town. On February 23
there were twenty-one cases remaining
under treatment • and there had. been a
total of seven deaths.
"It would seem from reports." says Sur
geon Thomas, "that the infection of Cape
Town was carried by diseased rats and an
active crusaae Is being waged against
theso rodents."
¦ From Singapore three cases of plague
were reported between February 22 and 24.
APPROVEB BY MACARTHXTR.
Name of Judge Advocate of Depart-
ment of California Sent to Sen
ate by McXinley.
Major John A. Hull. U. S. V.. judge ad
vocate, was nominated yesterday by
President MeKinley for the position of
major and judge advocate in the regular
army.
Major Hull has been for several months
past judge advocate of the Department of
California and the news of his api>olnt
ment to the regular branch of the arniy
gave a great deal of satisfaction to the
many friends he has made since ho re
ported for duty here. The appointment 13
a recognition of the abilitv displayed by
Major Hull during his term of service
os a major and judge fdvocate in the vol
unteer service.
Major Hull entered the army in May,
1S98. as lieutenant colonel and judge ad
vocate. He held this nositlon until April.
1*??, when he was honorably discharged.
He was reappainted within a few days
under the new call for volunteers. He
was sent to Manila and while there per
formed the arduous duties of assistant
judge advocate in the Division of tlic
Philippines. His performance of the du
ties of that office showeu such ability that
he was appointed judge of the superior
provost court.
Major Hull is but 27 vears of age. Be
fore entering the armv he was known a3
a lawyer of prominence in Des Molnes.
He is a graduate of the T'niversity of Iowa
and of the law schools of that State.
A cablegram was received at depait
ment headquarters yesterday announcing
the denarture of the transport Gram
from Manila March 23. The Grant carries
Company F, Twenty-sixth Infantry, con
sisting of 2 officers and 76 men. and 56 of
ficers and 15S4 men cf tnc Twenty-ninth
and Thirty-second Infantry and 126 sick.
A cablegram was als> received stating
that the Lawton and Thomas had left
Nagasaki on the 24th n:sL and that the
RoBecrans wnuld leave the next day. Tho
Lawton. Thomas and Rosecrans have on
board the Twenty-eisrhth. Thirty-fifth and
Thirty-ninth Infantry.
W. G. Miller, private. Company D,
Twenty-eighth Infantry, and J. C. Roche
private. Troop B. Fourth Cavalry. <Iied
yesterdav at the general hospital. Pre
sidio.
MAJOR HULL COMMISSIONED
HT THE EEGULAE ARMY
THE LATE JOHN ALLMAN, VETERAN STAGE OWNER, WHO DISAP
PEARED FROM HIS OAKLAND HOME ON THURSDAY AND WHOSE
BODY WAS FOUND IN THE ESTUARY.
Frank Dalton and his brother had been
watching the working up of a lot of iron
in the furnaces. When they tried to stop
the flow of the Iron some cold water that
was being used fell upon the running mass
of metal and the explosion followed in
stantly.
After the men\gathered themselves to
gether they found that beyond the inju
ries to themselves no damage had re
sulted. Only a sufficient quantity of gas
had been generated to affect the two
brothers, who were near the cupola. .^U
While trying t« check the flow of molten
metal from a cupola at their foundry in
West Oakland last evening County As
sessor Henry P. Dalton and his brother,
Frank N. Dalton, were injured in an ex
plosion of gas formed by contact of water
with the superheated mass.
Both men were knocked down and more
or less seriously burned by the explosion.
Frank Dalton's face, neck and eyes were
most seriously injured. The Assessor's
side and arm were ceared, but not so
badly that he was compelled to remain
at home. Frank Dalton is confined to
his residence. This afternoon it was an
nounced that he will not suffer permanent
injury. .
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, March 27.
Accident Occurs While They Are
Working on Molten Metal at
Their Foundry in West
Assessor Henry Dalton and
His Brother Prank
Are Injured.
GAS EXPLOSION
CAUSES BURNING
DENVER. Colo.. March 27.— A bailiffs
promptness and a magistrate's coolness
probably averted a tragedy during the
preliminary hearing ol Albert Cowan to
day on the charge ol killing Mrs. Short,
one of the last thro- victims of the Cap
itol Hill "sluRger."
Albert Fredericks, an Arab, the prin
cipal witness agaii'.ft Cowan, leveled a
pistol at the prisoner's attorney. Fred
ericks had just declared that he had seen
Cowan strike the fatal blow.
"That's the man who killed Mrs. Short,"
cried Attorney Rees addressing Albert
Fredericks. Fredericks lost his temper,
snatched up Cowan's revolver which was
lying on a table la front of him and
threatened Attorney Rees. A constable
rushed forward and snatching the weapon
from his hand forced Fredericks into his
seat.
"If there is any shooting going on here,"
gaid Attorney Rees. "1 guess 1 had better
be the man with the gun, aa I am
smaller."
A? he said this the attorney stepped for
ward es though to reach for the pistol
and Fredericks made a second jump at it,
but Justice Rice took the weapon and the
witness sank back in his seat.
Ppe<--ial Dispatch to The Call.
Arab Witness for the Prosecution
Threatens to Kill a Lawyer
When Accused of a
Alert Bailiff Prevents Shoot
ing During a Denver
Murder Trial.
POINTS PISTOL
IN COURTROOM
Mr. Cleveland at the outset spoke of the
vagueness* on the subject of boundary
line? in the establishment both of the
Venezuelan republic and of British
Ouiana. He said that from the first ther.?
was evident need of "extraneous ass'si
ancc" before bounds sc loosely named
could be exactly fixed. He then referred
to the initiation of the dispute in 1SU be
tween the Venezuelan Minister of Great
Hritain and Lord Aberdeen, chief Secre
tary of State for Foreign Affairs. Tlie
inaklng of the Sehomburgk survey and its
bearing upon the dispute were fully ex
plained.
The lecturer, quoting constantly from
documents, showed the repeated appeal-*
cf Venezuela to Great Britain in favor of
settling the question by arbitration on the
whole subiect. declaring that their con
stitution prevented them from making 1
KTants of territory cxecpr by process, the
result of arbitration. Meantime England
constantly refused arbitration on the gen
eral subject, declaring that it feared the
Venezuelan constitution would still b<
u?«?d as a pretext for a disobedience to an
award. Great Britain aJt=o objected to tne
arbitration requested by Venezuela, fear
ing that an award mient l>e made in favor
of the Venezuelan claims, in which ewe
••a-n imjx.rtant territory which has for a
k\ng period been inhabited and occupied
by her Majesty's subject?* and treated as
part of the colony ol British Guiapi
would be severed from the Queen's do
minions." On this Mr. Cleveland said:
"England a'.one had treated it as part
nf British Guiana: her immense power
had enabled her to do this and her own
decrees seemed to oromlse greater ad
vantages a.* against hei weak adversary
Than arbitration could rxissiblv assure
The British Government at one time of
fered a Dlan of arbitraV.on which did not
oovcr the entire disputed territory, but
never conscntpcl to .trbitration such as
proposed by Venezuela and which wouli
include th'e "entire territory in dispute. The
lecture to-nicht brousht down with muc.i
«1*»»ail the naxrativo io September. 1S93.
PRINCETON. N. J-. March 27.— E?:-
Prcsident Cleveland d .'Uvered the first of
his two lectures on the "Venezuelan
Boundary Dispute" before the students
and friends of Princeton University to
night in Alexander HalL Professor Wood
row Wils-jn introduced the speaker. As
Mr. Cleveland arose to begin his lecture
ba was greeted with thrt-e cheers from th.;
s-tudent body. Ho was strongly applauded
several times while delivering the lecture.
First of Two Lectures on the Famous
Controversy Delivered Before
the Collegians in New
Jersey.
Ex-President Talks to Col
lege Men on Venezuela's
Boundary.
STUDENTS CHEER
FOR CLEVELAND
"This is a judicial body," said he. "and
Judge Hart can't enjoin us in this way
unless he upsets the constitution. I have
consulted one of the leading lawyers in
this city about my duty In this matter
and he telhj me that the constitution di
rects this Council to fix the water rates.
Now if it is contempt of court to obey
the constitution. I am ready to risk it. I
believe it is our duty to adopt this reso
lution. Then. If the water " company
don't like it they will have a fine chance
to bring another suit against the city."
The Council paid no heed to Girard's
appeal and adjourned without taking ac
tion upon the resolution.
The committee of the whole then ad
}ourn«*d and immediately reconvened as
the Council and took up the measure for
final action. The other members of the
Council were unwilling to commit them
selves, but Glrard was uncompromisingly
in favor of passing the resolution.
The resolution to re-enact the wa*er
rates of last year A»-a3 offered last night
by Councilman Mott. Attorney A. A.
Moore, for the water company, warned the
Council that they would be in, conttiapt
if they took action on the matter contrary
to the order of the court. Tho resolution
was (inally referred to- the Fire and Wa
ter Committee for further consideration.
The committee referred ic to the commit
tee of the whole. As such the Council met
to-night in executive session. After pro
longed debate in the committee the reso
lution was referred to the Council with
out recommendation.
With this remark Councilman Glrard
closed a speech in the Council to-night
defying Judge Hart's order restraining
the Cour.cU from passing a water rate or
dinance.
"I am willing to go to jail and pay a
$500 fine. I am ready io vote for th!»
water rate ordinance risht now and if I
am guilty of contempt d court let Judge
Hart punish me."
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1113 Broadway, March 27.
Says He Is Beady to Go to Jail
and Pay a Fine if Adjudged • '
Guilty of Con
tempt.
Oakland Councilman Asks
for Vote Upon Water
Rate Ordinance.
GIRARD DEFIES
COURT'S ORDER
BERKELEY. March 27.— Friends of F.
G. Hesse, professor of mechanical engi
neering and dean of the college of me
chanics at the University of California,
will do him honor on two occasions this
week. To-morrow evening a banquet will
be tendered him and Friday morning tho
seventy-fifth anniversary of his birthday
will be celebrated.
The banquet will be held at the Cali
fornia Hotel, San Francisco, in honor or
the completion of tho twenty-fifth year of
Professor Hesse's work at Berkeley. Otto
von Geldern of San Francisco has charge
of the banquet. Many friends of Profes
sor Hesse will pay tribute to him on that
occasion.
Friday morning at 0 o'clock the students
in the colloge of mechanics •will celebrate
Professor Hesse's birthday anniversary on
the steps of the mechanics' building. Sev
eral of the old alumni, who went through
the mechanics department under his guid
ing hand, will bo present on that occasion.
Speeches will be made by some of their
number and by members of the present
classes. As a token of his students' es
teem Professor Hesse will be presented
by them with a paperweight in the shap»?
of a silver Pelton water-wheel. The wheel
is beautifully made, stands about four
inches high and is appropriately en
graved. James Mortimer is chairman of
the committee in charge of the exercises.
Professor Hesse is a native of Prussia
and received his education In that coun
try. He entered the Prussian army in
1845 and became lieutenant a year later.
He came to America in 1849 and has been
connected with Brown University and
with astronomical and engineering expe
ditions for this Government.
Fete Aged Dean of the
College of Me
chanics.
Students, Friends and Alumni to
Professor Hesse's Term of
Service to Receive an
Acknowledgment.
ROUNDS OUT HIS
QUARTER CENTURY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., 'THURSDAY. MARCH 28, 1901.
The Veteran Stage Line Owner Is Supposed
to Have Been Accidentally Drowned.
ALLMAN'S BODY FOUND
FLOATING IN ESTUARY
9
c
It Is the old etory over and over again
that when a man Is broken down because
he exhausts the gray matter In the nerve
cells and brain from overwork and Im-
proper food he can rebuild that gray mat-
ter by using Grape-Nuts, for this food
contains Phosphate of Potash direct from
the natural grains of the field, and this,
united v.ith .the Albumen of the grains,
makes the only combination that will re-
build this peculiar 00ft. gray eubstance.
The writing done while he was in a
nervous, ill-fed condition Is shown on an
old time check and reports a series of
dates when he was absent on account of
cickness. Ills signature was made In lines
that consist of minute waves or wiggles.
showing the desperately weak condition,
while the signature to the letter is re-
markable for Its clear penmanship.
"I Inclose a sample of my handwriting
showing rny nervous condition before us-
ing <3rai>e-Nuts Food, and you can com-
pare Jt with my signature to this letter."
••There Is -no sense of enjoyment equal
to that of being well physically and men-
tally. I can hardly realise that such a
transpofiition has been made. From being
ill-tempered and disagreeable I have
changed to something Hke enjoyment of
the« society that I had prown to avoid.
From feelir.z that life was not worth H\>
irg I now fee! that I would like to live
always."
So wr;'f« a man who was built up from
a vrr#trhed invalid to a fine condition of
hea'th by changing his diet and using
Grape-Nuts Food.
•There if probably nothing In the world
that produces as much happiness as the
peculiar frelinp that comes over the mind
¦wh*n n-Hl fed with nourishing food that
particularly rebuilds the brain and makes
everything: on earth have a rosy tint. Am-
riition is Vfnevied, spirits are of the most
panpuir.e and confidence has restored that
feeling within us which carries us over
the rouzh c'aces."
ROUGH SPOTS.
Good Food Smooths Them Over.
GRAPE-NUTS.
oooooooooooooooooooooooooo 000 ooooooooouoouoooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 00 000000000000000000000000030
ooooooooooooo 000000 0000000 0000000 oooo 00 000000 00 oooo 00000
THE SUNDAY CALL
_MARCH THIRTY-ONE
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
000000000000 0.0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
ooooooooooooo 0000000000 00 00 oooo 00000 0000000 ooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC 30000000000000
oooooooooooooc 30000000000000
OOOOOO O*O OOOOOC «. mm ¦¦— 1 . « OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooc |\/1tt r^Vfl/^T^T/^Tl/"*/^ "oooooooooooo
ocoooooooooooc 111 y I .A I \\* \_ JLwJLlw^ 20000000000000
oooooooooooooc 1/ r 30000000000000
oooooooooooooc • so o 00 00 000 o 000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC 30000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC i^X 7\ 50OOO0O0OOOOO0
oooooooooooooc . Mir VI 30000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC 30000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC " ¦ _ _ - 30000000000000
oooooooooooooc l%/3 l 7tT^ri to 00 00000 oo 00 c
oooooooooooooc IVIlHIUlXI 111 oooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC ' •»¦*»»¦-»¦.» »** 30000000000000
ocoooooooooooc • oooooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC . _J OOOOOOOOOOOOOC
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC 5 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0
nnin»»i inmim *»***%* »t »"]'» i" ** i*j'ii _ f
oooooooooooooc "m *r A ? 4. oooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC |vl\7 A P/1I I^TTl 1 ¦ 30000000000000
oooooooooooooo JLt JL y ./"IVvJ VL1111L oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooc *» I oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooc oooooooooooooc
coooooooooooor *ikv%f%f\ X rflM 30000000000000
oooooooooooooc uFlLjK W II II 30000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC %***^*%/ '"" *•** 3OO OOO OOO QOOO O
oooooooooooooc ., oooooooooooooo
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC m» + TV f~l% OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooc I ? tlllTlA I nTiTlrf jocoooooo 00000
oooooooooooooc JLjJ[ JlJlLlll^ oooooooooooooc
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC. «9 . J5> OOOOOOOOOOOOOO
oooooooooooooc oooooooooooooo
oooooooooooooc BY AUGUST CHAMOT oooooooooooooc
oooooooooooooc .*.. . 00000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC 30000000000000
OOOOOOOOOOOOOC '| ' 1" OOOOOOOOOOOOO
000000000 ooooooooooooo 00 0000000000 00000000000 000000 00000
OOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO CO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
0000000000000000000 0*0 00000000000000000000000000000000000
OOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOooo
THE STORY OF THE: THE MAN ON THS THE SUICIDES OF THE
FIRST AMERICAN IN LOOKOUT. BAY.
HAWAII. FICTION, FASHIONS. CHILDREN'S ROBES FOR
HON. JOHN W.FOSTER, BOOKS. HOLY THURSDAY
THE MAN. PAGES OF HUMAN IN* PROCESSION.
By LoweU Otis Reese! TEREST STORIES. THE CALL LEADS ALL
OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO O0O00OOO0O0000OUU00OOUO0O00
0 0 OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OO 0000000000003 OO OOOOOOOOOOQO
060OOOOO OOOOO OOOO OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO OOOOO OOOO OOO OOOfl
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 28, 1901.
10
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE c: The Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets: open
nntll 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
fOO Hayes rtreet: open until »:W p. m.
«3J McAUlrter street: open until »:*0 p. m.
S1I Larkln rtreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1J41 Mission street; open until 38 p. m.
!2«1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
entll S p. m. t
JC6 Eleventh 6treet: open nntll 9 p. m.
3056 Valencia 6treet: open until » p. m.
North west comer Twenty-eecond and Ken-
• r»«-lrv ytreetn: or-*n until 9 p. m.
WEETIXC NOTICES.
A STATED mating of Yerba Buena „_
Ixxlge of Perfection No. 1, A. and A.. jy
Scottish Rite of Freemasonry, will be if**
held in Commandery Ka'I. Masonic t£f<
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. «*#V
March 28, 1301. et 8 o'clock. Election of trus-
t^». HENRY BURNER.. Secretary.
MISSION Chapter No. 79. R. A. M. — •
Speoia! meeting THIP (THURSDAY) _#\_
I'.VENING. 7:20 o'clock. P. M. and l*k/C
M. E. M. degree*. By order cf th«?'~ •
H. 1'. JNO. K. HILLMAN. Secretary.
CALIFORNIA Lodre No. 1. F. and A. m
M.. will meet THIS (THURSDAY) Jl
KVFN'ING. March 2S. at 7:30 o'clock. Ti2f
Third degree. !$)• order of the Master. '
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lode? No. ICO. .F. and A. J»
M — Special meeting THI3 (THURS-
DAY) EVENING, ai 7:30 o'clock. First TkJr
dcrree. Masons cordially invited. By/^r '
tTder of the \V. M.
FREDERICK BARRT. Secretary.
DORIC Lodge No. 216. F. and A. M— »
Frw-lal n-.oetins THIS (THURSDAY) JL.
EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock.- Second de- *W jf
gree. ny older of the Master. f^p>
J. R. GOLDSMITH. S«-c
YERBA DI'ENA I/DDGC. No. 15, <£#»%*
L O. O. F. ; officers and mem- |22iJSSS
bers are requested to attend meet-
\n* THIS (THURSDAY) EVEN- '"* v "
•njc. March T3: election of representatives to
the Grand Lo4fp.
JOHN A. OHLSON. N. G.
FP.ANCO-AMEUICAN Lodge No. ji»S.
3C7, I. O. O. F« — Offlcerx ari'i rapm tSS^S^^t
T«ri- pre requested to att»-n-t m*<*t-
Ing on THURSDAY EVENING, 5 '*^
March !S. at 8 o'clock. Initiation and Impor-
tant business. A. SALA. N. G.
A. LEON AUIiADOr. Secretary.
THE Fan Franelf-co Scottish Thistle v 17v
Club merts THIS (THURSDAY) a* 4#WJ
EVENING. Fraternity Hall. 32 ""SOlSc
O'Kr.rrell »t., at S o'clock. "SmoU- 1
« % r" follows.
OEOItGE MILLER, Royal Chief.
GEORGE W. PATERSON. Recorder.
THE Packers', Porters' and 'Warehousemen's
T'nion No. ££$5, American Federation ot
I.abor — The officers and members will please
itkf notice that our regular meeting of
FRIDAY EVENING, Murca 25. will be held
la California Hail, Bush and Powell sts. j
AH candidate? v.-ill appear there for initia- j
tion. and those who desire to Join had b*t-
t*r <3o bo, as the ciiarter th**n closes and
will cost ?:0 after that date. By order
A. G. BAKER. President.
Attest: 'WILL DAVENPORT. P.ec. Sec.
AGENTS WAATBD.
ENERGETIC book oanvesrers and solicitors
for every city and county on the coast;
rr.ar.y r.cw books row ready: best terms ever
offered. The 3. DEWING CO.. Flood build-
ing. San Francisco.
AGENTS— Do you wanN something more proflt-
nble an<3 easier to «-p11 than book* or insur-
ance? Ad. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott blag.
f.VFEKIKXCEri insurance ajcvnt*. Ca!l at
room 101. SS7 Market st.. corner Sixth.
WANTED— Acer.ts In each city; cood money.
Purlflf rouft M. * T.. Co.. **" »th. Oakland.
ASrllAU'tM KOOI-'l*tU.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalk* re-
r*'rWl: ports! 1U« Mlwinn: tel. Folsora 1607.
ATTORXEYS AT I.AW.
ADVICE fr«»: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without Kuccew; collections. G. \Y.
HOWn, «tty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
J. II. McICXIGHT. collections: damages; e»^
tates; mining; open even. S92 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
TV. DAVIDSON. «7 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma fpreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket st.: con5Ultatlon free: no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOIl CHILDRK*.
onrtMAN lady would like one or more children
. to board: a nice place and home; fresh miik |
every day. Inquire comer Oregon and Mil- j
via ets.. Berkeley.
GERMAN" lady would like children to board;
n ' .<•.•! heme: room for parent. 433 Minna at.
IIL'SI.VESS CHA.\CKS.
A— JUO; CORNER grocery and bar. on Point j
LoIkw axe.; rent $40; lease: living room*: old :
«t»!.!hhM and first-claes paying business,
with large stock; rare chance. Cail R. G. 1
WILKE. 2£ii Kearny st. '
A— $400; RESTAURANT; choicest location:
<-lo*e to Pslace Hotel: rent $30: good paylag
bueiness. Call R. G. TVILKE. 2«\i Kearny A.
A-JCO; CORNER grocery and bar; rent $12; a
fine bupinres and choice location in the MU-
R. G.W1LKE, 26',-i Kearny at. :
A RARE chance— O'.d established flower store j
with nursry, including hothouses, boiler,
horse*, wagon?, plants and trees of all de-
scription; location heart of the city: estab-
lished S yearn; fir»t-< • — *. paying establish-
ment; leae<\ Ca'.I R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny.
A-JSCO; E&STABBAmr on Eansome Et.rrent !
J1S: pood paying. R. G. WILKE. 26'i Kearny.
A — IliiOO: CORNER barroom 03 Third St.. close
to "'all bldg.; old established and first-class
rsyir.g jilare; flrknrsii of owner only cause
cf fialw. Call R. G. WILKE. 26' i Kearny et.
A— STOO: STATIONERY store; 2 living looms;
rent flO: good business for man and wife.
• Zail R. G. WILKE. 26Vi Kerrny st.
CrO-PARTNER In established, light indoor
fwnmtssion business. McLAUGHLIN & CO..
7T7»» Market st.
J2"A-CORNER raloon; bargain tills day. Mc-
LAUGHLIN &. CO.. 777H Market st.
tV<O — fORN'ER Hgar stand and laundry asrencv ;
nr. Markt. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777*4 Markt.
FOR sale— A fine business; fSOO cash Income per
month; ran l>e largely Increased; out and In-
door business: will bear the closest Investiga-
tion: j-rice. $3CC0; tiono can remain on time
to suit purchaser. Address or call at iZi
Fevenlh Ft., opp. Broadway station, Oakland.
HENRY Z. JONES, landowner.
LIQUOR store In the Western Addition, doing
a paylnsr business: also Hat of S rooms o\-er
the store: fine furniture; price for all 12500;
*lrkn*M cause of selling-. G. W. SCHWEIN-
HARD. S17 Market et.. opposite Mason.
200 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars.
300 candy and lef'eream stores, 500 restaurants.
!<O0 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Tartles with J1C0 up can be suited.
WALTER HAYES & CO., S38 Market st.
A— tec©: RESTAURANT: no better location in
the <:ity: this is rx>sltlvely worth over $1000.
but it must ro immediately. Business Board
of Trade. S26 Pine Ft.; phone Davis 326.
J10O0 HI'TS meat market In Mission : we have a
number of choice business propositions
READ & CO.. 1007>i Market St., Real Estate
and Bueiness Arenw.
A — GOOD restaurant complete; good payer: In
manufacturing center: cheap rent. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. £50 Market Bt.
OLD-ESTABLISHED downtown saloon; eai-y
hours: bargain: cause, sickness; about $2000-
_ no asents. Box r70S. Call office.
EMALL restaurant for sale; suitable for man
and wife nr two ladies. 7C4 Polk st.
S2OG— GOOD-PATING laundry route, with horse
and wairon. Box 2713. Call offlce.
WANTED— To rent or Ieas«. a email Job print-
Ing; office. Address box 27. Call offlce.
DELICACY, and home cooking in the best part
of city; receipts $40 a day.. California Busl-
rtr* Association, WS Market st.
«, . ___^_ --
WELL paying saloon and liquor store must be
sold «t once; owner retiring. No agents. Call
hex 2423.
FIRST-CLASS dairy depot; good living rooms;
gma'l route if deMred. Box 2513. Call offlce.
SNAP— $27*— Water front saloon to be sold this
wc«-k. » Howard Bt.
FANCY dry goods business for sale: owner
retiring. 1S31 Devisadero Ft. : call b*t. 12 and 1.
FOR SALE— Barber chairs and workstands.
Apply to The Oak Shaving Parlor. Ill Ellis.
EXTRA choice corner for rent for cash grocery
store UYMAKCE. 4S0 Eighth St.. Oakland.
CHOICE corner saloon; good location; paying
business. Apply NE. cor. Seventh and Folsom.
SALOON for eale. opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East ft., north of Market.
MERCHANT tailor business, well established,-
for sale cheap. Vj Polk st.
SZli*— FOR Kale— An old-eetablished corner sa-
luon. Box 2415, Call offlce.
MAN mith $200 to join advertiser to work pla-
oer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2i33. Call
ni;sTACI'.AXT for ««le; doing good business;
rent cheep. EOT Howard St.. near First.
FOR rert-Hotel In San Miguel. Cal. -< WM.
VON VOSg. £20 Lyon «t - -
Z«ARGE Inside route on this paper for eale.
Apply Bueiness offlce.
nCSrVES S CH A y CES—-Con i tt n nert. " '
$3000— OLD esUbllshed. perfectly legitimate,
strictly cash business' In Oakland, clearing
$225 monthly; thorough investigation; no ex-
perience necessary; reasons for selling, busi-
ness in Honolulu; roust be cold at once. Ad-
dress box 2239. Call offlce, Oakland.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outside route (Xo. 10) for tale. Apply
, at Call Business cf flee.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber. business;
including Eawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teams,- etc
H. & F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. CaL
HOTEL dining-room to rent, furnished; cen-
tral location; eood house; rent in board. Ar-
lington Hotel, Ninth and Washington sts.,
Oakland. Cal.
SALOON, corner grocery and eeperal merchan-
dise: horse and wagon: owner leaving coast.
139 Hearst ave., Sunnyslde. Price S5«0.
FOR tale— Shooting gallery; well paying; on
account of other business. Inquire £11 Pine
St.. after 3 •>. m.
A CHANCE to i?cum that fine large store
now building at 213 O'Farrell st., near Ma-
son. Apply 15 Grant ave.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— 8-ROOM flat: downtotm: very sunny: must
Bell; fine bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
16 ROOMS: corner: fine for transient $1000
32- room bouse; clears $200 1600
10 rooms on Eddy St., near Market........ 000
14 rocm on Third St., near Market fiSO
14 rooms on Mission et 550
40 rooms: rent $69; clears $150 1000
24 rooms; north of Market; clears $200 2000
17 rooms; Just furnished; very fine 2S0O
24 rooms on Geary »t. ; clears J135 1900
44 rooms; positively the best; clears $300.. CCOO
I will furniph money and you buy for cash.
85- room house; cleam JSOO 6000
SO-room bcarding-house; clears $C03 COCO
S-room flat; sunny side 700
6-room flat; very good 223
4 vacant houses to rent.
M0 other houses, 3 to 700 rooms, price J100 to •
S2P.C00; abstract furnished free with every
house sold. H. C. DECKE«. 1020 Market Bt.,
opposite Fifth; phone Mint 79G.
ATTENTION. SELLERS! —
Lt«t your house, store, falcon, city or country
real estate or business place with me. I will
advertise free. I want no contract. DECKER,
K-20 Market St.. opp. Fifth; phone Mint 798.
A A
MARION GRIFFIN. Money to Loan
71S Market St.. by Call bldpr.: tel. Black 1S03.
10 rooms; tranFlent; cak furniture, fine
tapestry carpets; c»iitral; rent $50 $700
14 rooms; one floor; brick; nice; sunny.. 550
21 rooms: snap; housekeeping: rent $40;
clears $35; on principal Ftre«?t 400
13 rooms; rent $30; clears $40: leaving city:
full; wool mattrefs«»3; oak furniture... DOO
14 rooms: fashionable boarding-house; in-
come $275: sunny, clean and nice 1000
SO rooms; clean; el'sant; central: tran.. 1100
36 rooms; see this house before buying.. 1000
42 rooms; & fine bustitt*s proporitlon; all
offlces; clears $200 a month 3730
18 rooms; 2 houses of 6 flats, furnished
for housekeeping: One; steady roomers. 1200
€3 rooms; fine corner; downtown; bargain. 3750
30 rooms; on Suiter, near big hotels; new
furniture; cost $HW; very fine 1000
14 rooms; 8 offices pay all of the rent — 1600
10 rooms; fine: Leavenworth Bt. ; rent $50. 650
15 rooms; money-maker; steady roomers.. 90O
Several city hotels: first and second class.
MRS. A. CAMERON & CO..
SCO Market st. and S Stockton St.. rooms 21,
22. 23. phone Bush 328.
If you -wish to buy or sell rooming-houses or
business chances mil and see larse list of
bargains. Partial list below.
23 rooms— E11U St.; rent $150; eood perma-
nent and transient house; fine carpets, furni-
ture and hair mattresses: price 13500.
2€ rooms — Golden Gate cor. : rent $100: price
$1CSO; apartment house: rooms light, sunny;
carpets and furniture good condition.
9 rooms— O'Farrcll; rent $35; price $7C0;carpets
and furniture new; good location: all rented.
24 rooms — Cor. Fifth; rent *">" 50; furniture
hard wood; pays $70 month over expenses.
16 rooms on Howard St.: rent $30; clears $40.
8 rooms en Folsom st.: rent $15: price $275.
Public stenographer; inventories and legal
papers written at reasonable rates.
SHE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all slies and prices:
GO rooms, close in. elevator, ete $4500
12 rooms, new, clean, clears $30 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
H> rooms, all conveniences, select, central. bOOO
II rooms, only $2C0 cash, balance pay-
ments 500
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.^830 Market.
SELECT your house from largest list in town.
9 rooms; elecant; must sell: $450
11 rooms: Golden Gate: cheap rent i'A
20 rooms; newly furnished: only .825
SS rooms; a big money-maker 900
US rooms; a line, m->d«-rn house: easy pay-
ments. Hundreds to c'looee from. Also board-
ing-houses. ' Bee cur special bargain list be-
fore buying. Walter tlayes & Co.. 638 Market.
SPECIAL BARGAINS
14 rooms; Jones *t. ; part cash $350
20 rooms: rent $S0; only lisn
25 rxims; corner; rent $M 115*
26 rooms; rent $iO. (lease) 1725
CO rooms: rent 1100; central 2500
WINSTON & WOLF. 1C28 Market st.
FISHER & CO.. 1C32 Market St.; tel. Jessie 1599.
48 rooms; north of Market: only $lC00
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished 600
?0 roorr,s: rent $30; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price,
north or south of Market st. :
LODGING-HOUSES. boanUng-hnufes and ho-
tels, to suit every buyer: this office Is licensed;
I am established since 1R92; I loan money to
buyers* general satisfaction fruarsnteed. Call
«. Vl\ SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911. 1
Rooms 1. 2, No. 917 Market Bt.. opp. Mason.
A— OTHER business compel* me to sacrifice 2
elegantly located, handsomely furn. houses:
piano an(J mirror: folding beds: no agts.; price
way down: part caFh. Dr.Averill. 38 McAllIstr.
CALL and ire our list of bargains In houses:
we have them In any part of the city and at
• •— price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Sixth st. .__, -_
WANTED— To exchange a lot at the boulevard
valued at $400 for a lodging-house and bal-
ance in payments. 430 Fell it.
5400-i-LODGING-HOT:S7:: north of Market St.;
bafga'n. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777'4 Market.
FOR sale— A 6-room furnished house; nice
home: rent •£•".. 16U BubIi et.
SPIRITUALISM.
ARRIVED— The celebrated gyppy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tents, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name\of the
on* you -will marry: the only medium in tne
world so sure of hi* cccult power that he
will give every pervoTi who comes prepared
a wonderful free test. Call or write. ,with
Ftamp3 for answers. 13S2 Market >t.. opp. 7th.
AFTER a severe lllnfss. Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-renowned spiritual medium; aavlce In
all affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a ppecialty; cir-
cles" Sun., Wed.. Frl. eve.; letters answered.
Resld. (no *lgns), 513 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkin.
A-MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, tranc?, business
medium, life reader, medical clatrvoyant; sit-
tings $1. 1164 O'Farrell. nr. Gough. Ellis car.
MME. GYEISN, trance medium; advice in'.all
affairs of life; sittings from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9,
at 23 Sixth St., rooms 16 and 17.
CIRCLE of spiritual and phrenological tests at
Mme. Sanders' parlor.-', 1130 Market St., Thurs-
day evening, 25c; every person gets a test.
Mrs. Gilllngham, spiritual test meeting, 8 p. m.,
10c: sealed quert. 305 Larkin, cor.- McAllister.
JOHN SLATER, cirsla to-day, 2:45; sittings
daily. 1SW Stockton «t., near Greenwich.
MRS. EBERHARDT— Convincing test meeting
to-night. 10c; skeptics Invited. 32S0 22d st.
MATERIALIZING, etherealixing seance to-
ntght, S o'clock. Arnold Dlckson, 148 6th, r. 6.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing demonstration o'f
spirit return to-night. €05 McAllister St.; 10c
DR. .Mansey. Eastern occult scientist and Hin-
doo palmist: names given. 1 7th. cor. Market.'
MEETING Tues. Wed.. 1233 Howard: Thurs.. 1.17
. Larkln; lower hall. Hockln, Maxwell, - Gray.
MRS. LOUISE 8. DREW. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14. 305 Larkln st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M BERNARD^ ™~ ~~~
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
Fhe reads your llf- correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If. you are,ln trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice In all affairs
of life: 25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket et., corner Golden Gale ave., rooms 25
and 26; take elevator. . Perfect- satisfaction
guaranteed by mall: send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ' ARNDT, the - great clairvoyant. , tells
past and future: never fails;: has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; • fees 25c - up: satisfaction to
everybody; tips on races. 215H Sixth st.
MME. PORTER.' wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born • with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladles 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr.'slt. ft SO., 126 .Turk.
TOUNG ZEMDAR. clairvoyant . business me-
dium: names given: L. EOc, Q. $L: ltQJ Mar-
ket, cor. Sth, r. 25.'
CL AIRVQYANTff-^-Con t InneiL ,:
VIRGINIA.- clairvoyant, palmist;; advice; on all
affairs of life; business.' love, 'mining, -law-
rults. 26'.4 Kearny. r. 6, 6; . hrs. 10 to 12. 1 to 7.
ISMAR, the Egyptian - gypsy, • clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1143 Market, op.
Cth; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
MRS. E. SANDERS, medium -and .palmist;
teaches mind vibration; the greatest secret on
earth; readings dally. 1130 Market »t.
MME LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson st; cor 6th
MME. HANSON, palmistry, 10c; card reader;
past, present, future; 25c. 148 Sixth St., r. 14.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
lst and card reader^ 25c up. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyants card reader;
sittings dally. 44SV6 Jessie at., bet Sth and 6th.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken ;tel.Howard 1846.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; *Ec. ¦ 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
ad- 2; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st. -
CARPET KEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
Btnd to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 853-3S7 Tehama St.; tel. South 40,
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 8th St.; tel. South 250.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'8. 3 Eighth st : tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vatlnc Co.. 240 Fourteenth tt: tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet -Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Oat? ave.; telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
FREE with treatment— George's pat'd bunion
or corn shields. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter et.
COLLECTION OFFICES..
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
_¦ COTTAGES TO LET.
3 BROAD place, off Bush, between Hyde and
Larkln— Sunny cottage of 5 rooms; rent $1S.
DEXTISTS.
AT~the ELECT^b-DENTXL^rn^cTloli^rar^
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg.. you can
ba\e your extractions done painlessly; testh
without plates our specialty; told crowns.
$3 DO up; plates, extractions free, $4 &0 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays. 9 to t
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
. and fillings: extractions or fillings by . my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants'.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell ft.
A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 yearn; crowns. %?. fO: flllln— .
60c; plate*, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sljth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charge for extracting when plates am
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per eet; extracting, r.0c; gas given.
•THE New York Dentists have moved to 963
Mission st.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, COc.
MEYER. 6 Turk— Painless extraction: vitalized
alr;crowns;brldgewcrk. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny. cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4: crowns. S3: Pilings. 25c.
DR.R.L. WALSH. 815»4 Geary. nr.Larkin-Pain-
Ipss extraction 50c:plates $3 up;phone Polkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building: formerly In Murphy bldg:
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction.
50c. X. Y. Dentists. 989 Mission St.. cor 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1241 Polk ft. •
nitKSSMAKKHS AND SEAMSTRESSES
JfcDOWELL Dressmaking A Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1013 Market ft.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
/ EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Buslne?s College, 723 Market st— Day
and evening; *8 per month; S50 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education, in-
cltid'ns the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions sa-
cured for — aduates; catalogue.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bids —
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert P.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportortal phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, tr.O; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 Post *t..
S. F. — BookkeeDlne.—shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy. English branches, civil,
electneal and mining engineering, etc.; day
and nifht sessions; new SQ-page catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
FChool for the university, law and medical
. colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to it by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 30.1 Larkin st.
ENGINEERING-C'vl!. elec..mln!ng,mech.,sur-
vey. .-us.iy. cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Van
d>r Nalllen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course in Ellis bookkeeping and tha
Grcsrc shorthand costs only J60. San Fran-
cisco Business Coll<*pf, 1238 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners, business
college Graduates; bookkeeping: figures: short
time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Perrott bldg.: Individ, instruction: catalogue.
FRENCH.SpanlBh.etc.Prof.DeFIIippe'BAcademy
of l-ansuaRes,220Post;estab'd 1871:ab'eEt profs.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris; violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 1008 Mission st. . .
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. :'<iay or eve.; 15 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
ILLUSTRATION-PARTIXGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night clays. 424 Pine at.
E5IPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Offlce and Hoiise-
cleanins Co.. best help; eer.d men at .short
. notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk: te\. Larkln 23?l
JAPANESE and Chinese hi-lp of all Kinds;
cookp. waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st: tel. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Otflce; Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. E44 California; phone James 260L-
JAPANESE, central house-cleaning & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 104S Suiter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment: of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese, Chi-
nese help; 426 Powell. nr.Sutter: tei.Black 0072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office-
Best help. £26 O'Farrell st: tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese employment of flee—
Best help. 411*4 O'Farretl nt. : tel. East 426.
emhloymejst wasted— female.
m^d^e^^s^ll^^mathildI^bouchard
desires: a position as .visiting, governess;
French and music; private lessons given. Box
2708, Call offlce.
A RELIABLE youns' woman wants work by
the day washing or housecleanlng; Thurs-
days and Fridays; $1 a day and car fare. 523
Stevenson st.'. City.
RESPECT ABLE lady, good cook, kind to chll-
dren, wishes position as housekeeper: city or
country. Call bet. 3-6 p. m. at 68-76 Ellis St.,"
room 5".
A PROTESTANT woman wishes housework;
permanent place wanted; neat housekeeper;
references civen. Please call 782 Harrison St.,
near Fourth. .
SWEDISH girl wishes position to do general
•housework; also second work. 133G San Bruno
avenue. - , ¦ ¦
A WOMAN wants work by the day washing
or cleaning, at $1 a <Jay and car fare. At 41
Minna «t. . . . :
PROTESTANT woman, plain cook, good laun-
dress, wishes housework, in small family;
wages from JJ12. DecazevlHe House,. 329 Sixth.
WOMAN wants work by the day;- washing.
Ironing or house cleaning. . Call or address 106
Ninth st. :!^^rH8KKtfH)H~9HBHKn^GBt
WOMAN wants position > as . a . first-class ¦ cook ;
< objection to plain>washlng; will go to country.
Address box 2211. Call, of flee,: Oakland.- :-..:.,
GERMAN woman wishes work by, the day; call
bet. 2 and 6. 415 Stockton Bt.
AMERICAN : grlrl ; wishes -chamber « work 'and
mending. Address 1317 Weber gt.V Alameda. ¦
YOUNG woman wants ' work ¦ for ¦ husband's
board - in small family; ••• hunb&nd employed:
both quiet,: neat and , obliging. " Call No. 8
Colllngwood Bt. : .... . , . .
FIRST-CLASS German cook* assist light house-
- work: cannot speak English. Ahlborn House,
321 riiant avo.
REFINED.^mlddle-aged lady ¦ wishes position
as infant'!"* nurse or cook in small family.
Address box 2421, . Call* offlce. v
REFINED girl of. 14 .would like to" take care
of child In nice home in Alameda; . references.
Call or. address 1211 Railroad ave., Alameda.'
EBIPLOY3IEST WASTED— FBHALB.
POSITION^ as cashier in restaurant ; have ' had
" previous experience. : 635 ;Natoma ; st.' \.'f ¦¦
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st..'; near Mar-
~ ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; ?1 50 to $6
week;, convenient and .respectable; free "bus
- and baggage to and from ferry. : :...'•.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
' received : at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been : established at ; 10S8
¦ Valencia ft. '--¦¦'-"•- '.-¦¦¦' ¦ -
EMPLOYMENT' WANTED—MALM.
COACHMAN— Thoroughly understands his busi-
ness in all its branches; as to references and
qualification late employer can be seen; no ob-
jection to country.' Address C. S., 2116 Point
, Lobos ave. L ¦
POSITION. wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
• dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, gardener. and general utility man; can
milk and understands his business thoroughly;
references. • H. H.. box 2707, " Call offlce.
WANTED — A" position as gardener,' janitor;
city. Address 812H Eighth st. ...:.- ¦-
CARPENTER and cabinet maker; steady
place; flrst-class man. Address A, 628 Baker.
A SWEDISH married man wants a position as
teamster, laborer or any kind of work; call
after 6 p. m. 654% Stevenson st. , ¦- , ,
COACHMAN or man about place w4nts posi-
tion: thoroughly understands , horses, cows,
chickens and garden; Eastern references; any
city or country place on coast. Box 2414, Call.
EXPERIENCED furnishing goods salesman de-
sires a position; references furnished. Ad-
dress; D.. 118 . Sixth: sf .
YOUNG married man wants steady poeltlon as
bartender: city, or country. Address B. ' B.,
831 Harrison »t.'
BARTENDER, experienced man. wants posi-
tion; cood references. Address J. I. W., 1911"^
¦ Mission Bt.
MILKER and wife as cook i want work on
ranch. Box 2416. Call office. "
SITUATION wanted by a sober young man In
electrical work or apprentice. Address L,
HOTENLOHER. 329 O'Farrell st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
fubscriptloni! has been established at 1031
Valencia St.
FLATS TO LET.
A— 3572 SIXTEENTH, near Market— 7 rooms
and bath; north side; with. pretty garden.
A 30 DATS free: clean, ii-room; reduced to $8.
2S0 Tehama St., near Third.
SUNNY upper flat, 6 rooms and bath. 372 San-
chez "t.
SUNNY bay-window flat of 3 rooms; rent $12 50.
1361 Sacramento Bt.-
UPPER flat of 6 rooms; $16. 13 John st.,, oft
.Powell and Jackson. <j':"i-'.
$11 — UPPER flat, " 3 . large sunny rooms; base-
ment, 123 San Jose ave.. bet. 23d and 24th.
FLATS 1 41 LM I' — KUKMSUI21-
A XEWLY furnished flat. 8 rooms, bath and
all modern conveniences: rent reasonable to
responsible parties. 1028 Ellis, nr. Franklin.
FUItXITUHE FOR SALE.
J25— FURNITURE of *! rooms, complete for
housekeeping; rent of rooms $8. 1700 Devisa-
dero St.. corner Sutter.
FOH sale— S-room furniture cheap. 649 Sacra-
mento st. "
4 KOOMS furnished In oak. $4S 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
-j^JJ^sjtURE WANTED, ~~
Auctioneer— L.Vlncent.l3C5 Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
IP you want to sell furn.. mdse.. etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co. 240 Stockton St.: tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
2245 New. Enterprise Furn. store. 1114 Mission.
1 0 receive highest value for furniture, carpets.
etc.. tee W.E-Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1185 Market St.; tel. Jessie <61.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for peoond-hand furniture: tel. Red 1S54.
HELP WASTED FEMALK.
AT C R. HANSEN tc CO.'S. ...Phone Grant ISo
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress $30
Waitress Colusa $20, fare paid
Chambermaid to wait... Colusa.. .$20, fare paid
AVaitress Mcnlo Park $2Q. fare paid
Chambermaid ' to wait: .' . .Summer' resort ... .$20
Waitress Woodland $20
10 waitresses :. City ...J20
Colored cook $25
,. ,. FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Housekeeper for men $20
Any woman or clrl looking for position as
cook, second Elrl. houseglrl, nurseglrl, can ob-
tain It by applying to
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Chambermaid and laundress. $25:
Protestant second girl and mending. $25; 4
second girls, $20 and $25: nurse and seam-
stress, country, J20; German, nurse and second
girl. $25; nurse, city, references, $25; chamber-
maid and mending, country. $20. Apply to J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter st. •
WANTED— Cook for delicatessen lunch, coun-
try, $40; 6 cooks with and without plain wash,
$30 and $35; cook, wash and iron, for Lake
County, !M; 6 second girls, city and country,
$20 and $25; 12 waitresses and chambermaids
for city hotels and country hotels and resorts.
$20 and $25; 42 girls for housework, city and
country. $20 and $25. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
• & CO., 216 Sutter st. 1
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ...
7 waitresses, flrst-class city hotels, $20; 8
waitresses, best commercial hotels, $20 and
$25, many fares paid; J^rhambermaids to wait,
120 and $22 50: chambermaid,. $20; woman cook,
institution. $25: restaurant cook, $10 week.
..FAMILY PEPARTMENT J.
Houseglrl. small American family, very choice
place, $20: many others, city and country, best
wages. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
A LADY of indomitable energy, possessed of
self-assertion; good opportunity to right par-
ity. F. PERSON, room 412. Parrott building.
REFINED nurse for young child: good refer-
ences required. Apply 2100 Washington St..
to-day, 9 to 11 a. m. :
WANTED— Two bright, well-dressed ladles;
suitable and remunerative employment. I Box
,2711. Call offlce.
PAXTS finishers wanted by S. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
A PRESSER on ladles' goods. SANITARY
CLEANING CO.. 342 McAllister st.
STENOGRAPHER for law offlce; state experi-
ence and salary expected. B x 2709, Call.
A YOUNG girl to do light housework and plain
cook; ema.ll family. 1213 Hamnshlre st.
COMPETENT woman for light housework and
assist with baby; German prefd. 703 Chestnut.
WANTED — A young girl to mind a child during
day .time. Apply 2022 Broderick st. - j
A GOOD woman cook for small restaurant; call
early. 1237 Folsom st. ?
A FIRST-CLASS ironer/* $1 50 a day. 1421 Point
Lobos ave. .
YOUNG girl for light housework; family of 2;
$10 to J12. 1126 Turk st. . .,__
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework;
refcrer.ces: call this morning. 1220 Geary St.
WANTED— First-class waist trimmer. COX,
236 O'Farrell st. ¦ . - :
WANTED— Flrst-class skirt and waist hands at-
121 Pest st.. room 83. 1
WANTED— Girl .for general housework and
1. cooking. 292S Sacramento st.
GIRL or woman for light housework; $10. '• 264
San Carlos ave., near Twentieth.
APPRENTICE to learn hairdresslng. 240 Stock-
¦ ton ¦ st.
DRESSMAKERS; .flrst-class sklrtmaker." 616
Sutter st. ¦;;,.. .. . ;
WANTED — Two ' finishers on : pants; , steady
work. 36 Geary »t, room 33.
WANTED— Table hands and apprentices; apply
103 Mission st. G. M. KUTZ Shoe Factory.
WANTED— A girl • for general housework and
¦ cooking. -Apply afternoon, 252S Pinest. ; ' ;
A' GIRL or i middle-aged -lady ; for flight house-
work. ; 1477. Valencia st. : . , .'.;., -,"
HANDKERCHIEF laundry work well done;
. 10c per doz.° I4',i Cedar ave.' • - ¦;,.
HAIRDRESSING.manlcuring, dyeing & bleach-
lng;lesson 25c.' Hair-dressing College,574 Geary.
WANTED— Button sewers ' on shirts. LEV!
STRAUSS & - CO., 36V4 Fremont st ; apply
to : Mr. Hlndshaw. .'. --,..¦; . - g
WANTED— Flrst-class f saleslady . In : cloak- and
.- suit' department; ; state s age, experience : and
salary; expected. Apply box 2417., Call office.: >
WANTED— Ladles with business ability to rep-
. resent : the . Paclflc Coast ' Purchasing ; Assocln-
tlon:: references required.; 206 ; Kearny i st. '¦¦": ¦;
WANTED-Glrl ; must : be good cook and house-
work; referances. 1123 > Laguna : st. ; call be-
tween 9 and . 12 ; a;-; m. "' ; ¦-- .. .-¦:.. -¦-:¦-. :-.:.-.'
AMATEUR singers ; wanted. Apply : at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening. .- „ .
SALESLADY, wanted for bakery; must wait at
-' table. -> 1410 Polk sty....- ¦•--.-..¦¦ \ , -
GOOD ; skirt • finishers. : LESTER, Ladles' TaU
lor, 8,^10 and 12 _ Kearny st. c \ -
/HELP WANTED—- FEMALE^-Con. .
I ABOLT 100 more operators, also riveters, want-
; led at LEVI STRAUSS A CO.'S. overall. fac-
tory, 32^4 Fremont st. ; no: experience neces-
j sary; good wages. Apply to MR. DAVIS.
' MEN OR WOMEN ....7..
............ Paid Biff Commissions
• -TJTICA ' CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
, ; PANY. 21 Spear st. '
' WANTED— Operators on women's wrappers;
steady work; good pay: MARKS BROS.,
1 1212 Market st .
WANTED— Elderly German woman for house-
work: no washing; sleep home; wages $25 a
month; - 782 Fulton et. > -- V;
, WANTED — Girl for general houaework; no
. cooking. 1685 Post st. . - *
APPRENTICES with some experience In mil-
Hnery; will pay while lcarrlng. 130 Sixth st.
' JEWISH or German girl; plain cooking; small
family ; light housework. . Box 2703. Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmakers wanted. 121 Post
et..; room 14. . . . '
WANTED— Intelligent woman over 28 to qual-
lfy for business. Box 2702. Call.
FIRST-CLASS skirt hands. FLAMM, 1435
Polk st. ¦ .-. ;..
¦ GOOD ' sewers and apprentices; paid while
learning. FLAMM. 1435 Polk St.
CLASSIFIED advertitements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has j been established at 1034
Valencia st. i
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. ...104 Geary «t.
UAILROAD WORK.
For Nevada ; for Nevada
25 teamsters.... Ship to-day
For the big tunnel, Chatsworth Park.
Drillers $2 to $2 B0
Muckers , $2
For Cal. & N.W. R. R. Co Uklah
Teamsters and laborers $2 a day
Free fare Free fare
MISCELLANEOUS.
CO woedchoppers. $1 SO a day: 6 milkers. $30;
blacksmith, country. $40; 6 blacksmiths. $40
-to K0: blacksmith's helper, $125 per day;
coachman, $30.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Bread baker, $80; pastry cook, $60; broiler,
country hotel, $50: fry cook. $50; oysterman,
$45: baker.' $50: 6 waiters. $30 and $35; 10 bell
and elevator boys. $15 to $25: polisher. $40;
starcher. $40; washer, $35; country laundries;
saloon porter. $40: barkeeper who speaks Ger-
man, $40 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
A— FOR SOUTHERN CAL
J..03 Angeles and Santa Barbara VJlst
S. P. R. R. Co.'s Work.....
E0 laborers....:. $1 '/5 day
Free fare .7 free fare
3 painters, near city, 8 hrs. ¦work $3 Jay
2 carriage and wagon painters $40 antrfd.
Blacksmith?, country shop. .$2 50 & $2 25 day
Stenographer and typewriter $60
12 laborers for a new mine ....$34 and fd.
If you want ¦work.......; '....>....
Come down and read our billboards; hundreds
of positions too numerous to mention
MURRAY & P>EADY, C34-638 Clay st.
A — WORKING foreman for a small ranch: see
boes here
MURRAT & READY. 634-638 Clay St.
MILK wagon driver, $30 and found; milker
and buttermaker for Nevada, $40 and found;
3 milkers, Humboldt County, $35 and found;
farmers for orchard work. $25; stableman,
private family, $25; 2 choremen. $15 and $20
and found: fruit farmer and wife, $40 and
found; vegetable gardener, J30 and found:
Eastern nurseryman, $30 and found, and
others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st. •
WANTED— 2 butlers or waiters for families,
• $35 and $40; night cook, coffee-house, $9 a
week; broiler. $60; fry cook. $50: 4 waiters.
325 and $30: potwasher. $25: waiter for delica-
tessen lunch house, country.' $40, nice place.
See J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramento.
A— WANTED.
German driver for wine house. $45 and com-
mission; gardener and care horses, private
place, country.' *30: buttermaker. ¦ near city.
$20; German attendant : for invalid, $35 and
room;, ranch teamster, $25; cook and dish-
washer, hotel, city, $10; milker, city. $35;
4 milkers, country. $30; carpenter for shop,
city: Tanners. $20 and $26. W. D. EWER
& CO.. 610 Clay st. ¦
AT Cal. Emp. Agency, 59 Third St., phone Red
31— Good bench hand, one who understands
turning, for mill in country, $3 50 per day:
stableman for city. $35 per month, board and
lodging; waiter, hotel, city, $8 per week, board
and bed; dishwasher, $20 per month; gang: of
men for mills and woods; men to cut wood,
make ties, posts and pickets. 59 T..ird st.
A— HOTELOAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Pastry cook, $40; waiter. $25; bellboys, $15
and $10. '..'
JOURNEYMEN Barbers* International Union-
Free employment: only recognized union. 113
Turk: tel. Folsom 15E3. I. LESS. Secretary.
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412. Parrott building.
WANTED— A few bright boys about IS years
old to work in shirt factory. Apply THE L.
ELKUS CO.. 29 and 31 Battery st.
COATMAKERS, $7 to $8 for sacks: pant*mak-
ers. C to $3. J. BAUMGARTEN CO.. 7
Montgomery st. ¦
COATMAKER— First-class coatmaker to work
Inside, by the week: steady work; good wages.
ROSENBLUM 4 ABRAHAM, 1103 Market st.
LATHERS, painters, cabinetmakers, woodcar-
vers; non-union: no offlce fees. Mechanics'
Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.
MAN, with small \ capital, in business • estab-
lished many years; short hours; no Sunday
work. 765 Market st.. room 4.
TEN coopers wanted immediately at the Cali-
fornia Barrel Factory. Twenty-second and
Illinois sts.. Potrero. city. s
WANTED— Little boy and girl with curly haJr,
age 7 to 9, for Easter display. Address box
2712. Call. -
WANTED — Man to run a restaurant: good
chance for right party; small capital re-
quired. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market St.
WANTED— Boy about 15 to learn engraving:
must be well recommended: wages small to
start with. LARSON & CO., 126 Kearny st.
BRIGHT young man of good address; must b««
good -penman; references required. Address
with particulars box 2713, Call. •
A FIRST-CLASS boys' clothing salesman, must
dress windows, for one of the bay cities. Box
2210, Call offlce. S. F.
YOUNG- men to go north on a cruise at HER-
MA>rS. 26 Steuart -st. I -
GOOD general tailor at 1709 Clay st.
"WANTED-rA tailor to work on coats; come
'.-' ready to. work. 135 Natoma st.
FIRST-CLASS tailor- on custom coats; steady
work. M.. 40 Ellis St.. room 14.
EXPERIENCED knife cutter on ladles' wrap-
pers. . JUDA BROS.. . 1C9 Battery st.
CABINET-MAKER wanted: flrst-class man.
FINH) & SCHINDLER. .1303 Market st.
GOOD union barber wanted: $12 per week.
A'pply 1724-J& Market et. • .
GOOD barber wanted at 17 Taylor st.
STEADY waiter wanted at Magnolia Cafe, 4-6
East st.
WANTED— Strong, Intelligent boy to ¦ work . In
store. ; Apply between 7 and 10, 335 Bush st.
MAN acquainted shipping, nautical. 6 Market
street.
WAITER. wanted at 1221 Point Lobos ave.; $20
and found.
WAITER .wanted ' to" do porter- work; carry
trays. 37 Eddy st.
WANTED— First-class bartender. 29 Stockton
• street. "
GOOD paying. - two-chair barber shop; cheap;
rent.' $6. DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis at.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; rent $6. 403
Paclflc st. v •-¦'-¦¦-'
MANAGERS everywhere; either sex; $20 weck-
ly.» N.jY.C. C. 1206 Market st. offlce 6.
Wanted— 2 lst-clans instrument finishers. Kel-
ler Balance Mfg. Co.. Salt Lake City. Utah.
GOOD strong boy . to learn the blacksmith
. trade. " 715 " Folaom. et.
WANTED— Steady ¦ barber; 15c ' barber shop.
•- 528 ¦ Broadway : st. .--¦¦•¦ _ . . . ¦¦.¦¦_< - ¦
$75— PARTNER in - restaurant $30 month and
» board; no. experience; necessary. '" 496 Fourth.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
¦price. -562 Mission st., bet. 1st and 24 sts.
WANTED-^Tailors. BOWHAY. 516 Sutter st'
BOY t to '¦'. learn " the - aluminum artificial Z limb
-. . business. . 819 ', Market ; at. • room '¦ 6.
.WANTED— A~ flrst-class silver spinner. AddIv
: SHREVE & Ca'S factory. 403 Market ' st. '
WANTED— Bootblack; colored. 1344 Turk st.'
FIRST-CLASS ¦ coatmaker on custom coats 927
¦Market <t... room 721.- ¦ . f" 1 .
BARBERS— 2-chalr 1 shop ! for sale cheap; trial
;glven. Seventh 8tV
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 50c up. : 241 Third st
MANiwho understands ; nursery work and lob-
. blng .gardening. -500' Halght;st
BARBER shop for sale ; 2 chairs ; party wanta
., ; to leave } city, v: 206 ; Leavenworth st.
A GOOD-PAYING 2-chair barber shop for sale
; cheap. 200 Powell st. 7 ; ; '
IIELP : WAITED — MALE— Con.
¦ MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade In two "months, saving two years;
ma,lled free. We have no 5c shop in connec-
I tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all. made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE. 633 Clay st
Beware of any cheap Imitations. ' ¦
WANTED— Cash boys over 14 years of age.
Apply at HALE BROS.. 979-9S7 Market st
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st; 150 Urge
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week. _
BARBERS all Invited to call ajna see the latest
improved revolving", ehalr. called the "Auto-
back"; it's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. 723 Market st.. first floor up.
IMMEDIATELY— 2 experienced solicitors ; fair
salary; must be of good address: for Saturday
Evening Post. 59 Columbian building.
WANTED— Younsr man. to learn cigar making:
4 to 6 weeks required: steady work and good
pay when learned: tuition S25. 247 Fifth St.
TAILORS wanted by S. N. WOOD & CO?;
good wages. Apply at factory. 27 Geary st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISS
BROS.. U Sutter st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, Vic, 13-j and
20c. Boston House, 930 Howard st.
MEN to learn barber trade: catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st. :
no barroom chairs used in this college.
GET your chors half-soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. £62 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — Experienced ladles* tailor: perma-
nent; good pay. M. J. KELLER CO.. Oakland.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HF.RMAN'S. 28 Steuart st
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard A Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40, Phelan building.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 23c night; reading- rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements ro<1
subscriptions has been established at 10S8
Valencia at.
HORSES AXn WAGOSS.
FOR sale— A handsome black stallion. 6 years
old. 17 hands high, weighs 1600 lbs.: is sound
and of good disposition; will be so'd reason-
able. Address JOHN SHIELDS. Marshall.
Marin Co.
40 HORSES . for sale: also wagons, buggies.
, carts, harness. Grand Arcade Home Market.
/ 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN ft DOYLE. Auctioneers.
BUSINESS cart for butcher for delivery: also
business horse, stand without hitching; lady
can drive. 1621 Market st.
GLOBE Horse Market— Horses for sale; also
matched teams. 23 Twelfth st.
VICTORIA, six-sea ter. ' wagonette, phaeton;
good condition: best makers: also basement
with 40 stalls to let. 24 Golden Gate ave.
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence \ta
Sd session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. S10 Golden Oate ave.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness: wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
FOR sale — Nine-passensrer wagon. 5 Montgom-
ery st. or 1340 East Fourteenth st. Oakland.
GOOD business horses, wagon homes. heav?fc
light, fa«t pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
AN A No 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. W2 Mission.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. It. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery.
BUSH. 1220 — Sunny house of 8 rooms and bath;
¦yaril: $37 50; water free.
$11— 5-R00M house and bath. Laurel ave.. near
Turk and Buchanan sts.
HOUSES Tl> LET — VOn.flSHEU,
A— 30-ROOMED furnished house for sale or to
let; newly furnished. 1006 Pine st.
MODERN house elegantly furnished: 7 rooms,
t-ath. Call 1711 Web?ter St.. 10 to 12.
M«<«!SK!I WANTED.
WANTED — Furnished house or cottage of lor-
7 rooms for the summer in San Rafael; best
of references. Answer box 2419, Call.
LOST AM» KOUM).
A STRAY horse, chestnut color, harnessed:
from nearby Holy Cross Cemetery: branded
19(G); finder, please notify F. B. RUSSI, 517
Davis, st .
LOST — On Mlsslon-st. car, or going from Third
and Mission to Kearny. prurse containing $13
and small change. Return to 5H Kearny st.,
room 16. »
HORSE lost. Tuesday. March 19, 1901; bay. wt.
1J50. 8-year-old; white face, a circle or "W"
on left hlD. Return to 2641 Dana st. Berke-
ley; any information will be kindly received.
LOST— Saturday night, Hsht-blue, open, 11*>4 ft.
skiff, centerboard; adrift from Long Bridge
city, west wind. Address E. J.. 311 Tenth st!
LOST— A gold medal. Reward if returned to R.
L. FLYNN. 13) Powell st.
LOST— Sunday evening, a sable collarette, be-
tween the Knickerbocker. Van Ness and
California, and Webster and Pacific ave. Re-
turn to Knickerbocker. 1616 Van Ness; re-
ward.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. US O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
OLD sold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R JENKF.L. 817 Market >t.
J1ATIXIMOMAU
"GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 70g E11H st..
5IATTRKSSKM AMI l*HHrt».j*TKR V.
MATTRESSES and upholstery: til. South 792-
. to order or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly re-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st
MEDICAL.
DH. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1223 Market, ladies-
specialists; 32 years* practice: all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb r-imedy: a reliable
¦ treatment superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at offlce: patients treated can re-
turn same <?ay; those wfshing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment: harmless: consultation free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 23 yr*.'
¦successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment: home before and during
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market— Private home
for patients before and during confinement;
' well known: Implicit confidence: reliable.
DR. and MRS. KOHU 1122 Market st. bet.
Mason and Taylor, reliable ladies* specialists.
ALL female complaints relieved at once; ez-
perlence of S7 yrs. Dr. V. 'Popper. 323 Kearny.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 1118 Market St..
bet. Twvlnr and M»wm: Indies* speHaHnt.
MINES AND MIXING.
MINES, patents, oil stocks, real estate bought
and sold: Eastern and foreign capital wanted"
ores, maps, mill tests shown at offlce, Parrott
bldg., fourth floor, »". and 476. 10 a. m. to 4
p. m. JOHN TILTON. M. E.
MISCELLANEOUS— KOK SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machlneiyr^*Mc^
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, co-utters
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand-
32 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
w 5L^* n ,.. sn!p everything In 24 hours. J.
¦-NOON AN.' 1017. 1019. 1021. M023 Mission st
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A BEAUTIFUL cluster diamond horseshoe
« a . 1 2K n for * 25; CO9t originally 330. UNCLE
.- HARRIS. IS Grant ave.
ASK for the 14-karat gold onyx seal rlnz for
$3. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A— BUYS, sells 'or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting nullevs
etc. WH1TELAW. 218 Spear st. puUe ? 8 '
ENGLISH black 3tamps; blue; first Nova
hcotla: old English co'ns; what offers? Box
2714. Call office.
200 LIGHT 1 dynamo and engine directly con-
netted and In good shape, cheap H S
YifilTE. S16 Mission st. cnea P- «• *»•
FOR sale— 10 h. p. engine and boiler rock
crusher and 600-gallon sprinkler. Apply Mount
Olivet Cemetery, near: Colma:
TWQ upright cabinet showcases. 202 Noe st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand-
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Bluxome."
TYPEWRITERS. Id-hand, all makes at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Mont g ? £
FI k U m T " CL . ASS •eeond-hand modern enplnes and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG CO
P SL°, TO ? RA^ HIC w and " f moKic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 MontgomerVst.
?^FFS~Z i l'S'~ a . nd e ««nd hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st. "
MISCELLANEOUS— FOR SALE.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes: rail early for bargains.
TTPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
MAGIC lanferns. new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ 8AFE. 109-111 Market st.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS WASTS.
A— WANTED — Good, gentle buggy horse; S to
7 year* old; weisht about 1(X» lbs; quick ac-
tion; $40 to *£0. A. M. SPECK & CO.. MI
Market st. • .
AN aelolan orchestrelle: no oojection to on*
slightly used: price not to exceed sioco or un-
der: pay cash. Box 2^1. Call offlce.
PHYSICIAN'S gynecological chair or operating
table; state lowest cash price. Box 2705. CalL
TILTON'S mlsflt parlors wants masquerade, la-
dles*. gents* clothing. 154. 8th; tel. Folsom 2523.
SECOND-HAND steam, gas and electric ma-
chlnery wanted. 204 Mission St.. near Main.
.IIO.XBY TO LOAN.
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
IK ..T. o^.. p . R . o . p . E " T ;.r.-"i3MbK™A6«b
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
(30 Market «t. Loans on estates in probate,
undivided Interests in estates, second mort-
gages. «tc. -
jj\T proposition, any amount; « per ceat: first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Rnom 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A OLSEN.
A>JY, amount at ««"*,; first. 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 849 Market
St.: tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 101 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth:
highest price for old gold, silver, diamond*.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker.
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room «S.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL, rm. 44. Merchants* Ex., 431 California.
3% on furniture and pianos; $13 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI. ( Eddy •*„.
LOANS, 1st or 2d mtgs; city, country. «%. undi-
vided lnts. : estates. HABPER. 397 Parrott big.
CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. THE
TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
SIOO.CCO TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 222 Sansoms St.. room 2.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or in-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelfcn big.
MOXEY WANTED.
WANTED— MOO; security valuable real estata:
big Interest. Box 2710. Call offlce.
~~ MUSICAL I.\STUU3IE.\TS.
s —
ABSOLUTELY regardless of cost: closing out
our Northwest agencies; following arc some
of the pianos sacrificed:
1 Novella, up »65jlSchiller KKi
1 Estey 135 I Sommer 1135
1 Emerson, up US 1 Gabler tl.r;
1 Vose *SS 1 Waverly J123
1 Knabe *135ll Marshall "Wendel.JlS5
2 Stelnways ..J183 up;l Fisher, up J119
2 Heinea $315 upsl Mason & Ham!ln.$33'/
6 Chickerings..$U0 up;l Schuman. up $109
1 Mallet A Davis. $4&-l.Hazelton square. .. *?5
2 Behr Bros".J215. *285 ( 1 Miller J12J
8 Schaeffers J195 1 Kelso 1133
1 new Mason & Haralin chapel organ, origi-
nal price $13). now lu',
And aO others: rented and rent allowed 1;
purchased: rents 93 up: we handle all makes:
agents for some of the oldest and most fa-
mous pianos In existence; agents wanted.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman. Clay A Col's with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Stelnway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and low
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlm«
within three year» Trom date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for $6 cash ami
$4 per month. We offer to sell some good
pianos at $3. $4 and $¦"> per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY A CO.. Stelnway dialers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San Francisco;
-corner Broadway and Tnirteentn St., Oak-
land.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER A CHASE'S. 2«.
ZS and 30 O'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grade*
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy th <
customer.
BIO stock medium and low priced new up-
rights; can be exchanged for Hazeltons any
~ time within five years; ail pianos warranted :
a fine upright nearly new. $125: squares from
S25 up; easy terms. At DEWING" S. 12 to 21
Flood huildlng. San Francisco.
BABY GRANDS at a bargain.
Decker & Son and Packard, slightly u»»d.
Such an opportunity is seldom offered. Call
soon to get the benefit of It. TIIE ZENO
MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
A FEW new pianos for $150; second-
-hand from $30. BENJ. CUP.TAZ & SON.
16 O'Farrell st. Chickertng and Vose agency.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song— $¦*
per month— dirt cheap.
LEAVING city, must sacrifle* handsome up-
rlght piano, used 6 months. 824 Golden Gate.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. $155 up; rents and
easy payments. KLARK, 2206 Ftllmore st
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week: Stelnway.
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 208 Post st.
BIGGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos: Steck. Hardman, Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer A Co.. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and Spellman pianos, 303 Post.
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market st..- 4 elegant up-
rlghts at your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR vlcllns, zithers, old and new. H?
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages, in wrapper, for mailing, tl per year.
ASD STORES TO LET.
MARKET. 620— Wholo cf second flo«r. now be-
ing occupied by the Dr. Pierce Electric Belt,
can be leased from il»y 6 for a term, of years;
rent $75. OBERMEYCR.
TO Let— Small store, with living rooms. 2tS3
Mission st.
OIL. ¦
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Country correspondence solicited.
OIL lands near Oil City. $1 25 per acre. Amer-
lcan Exploration Co.. 1413. Call building.
OIL LANDS- FOR SALE.
TWENTY OR FORTY ACRES
Kern River District.
Oil on all four adjoining forties. Land rn this
section la held at $3000 an acre. A nulck cash
buyer can obtain a great bargain bv applying
t( > J. S. EWEN.
123 California at. room 407.
PA1XTER8 AXD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen A Bath. 308 Sixth: open evenings.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d St.: tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSSELLI. sc!lMmfic~ra^ist?~513
Taylor St. bet. Geary and Post: tel. Black 581.
PATESTS ASD I'K.NSIOVS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
GEO. D. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
¦ n - PERSONALS.
Stoddard's Celebrated Plasters, a positive cur«
for all ailments of the flesh, nerves or mus-
~cle*. prepared and sold only by MRS. N.
STODDARD. main offlce 1137 Geary st. nr.
Franklin: 'phone East 233. Branch offlcs 1513
Market, opp. Van Ness ave. References— Hor-
ace Platt. attorney; Tom V. Cator. attorney.,
A— IF- your hair is falling or you are balO. call
on DR. O. 8. MOORE. «8 Geary St.. and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy is posl-
tlvely guaranteed; call or send f»r circular.
LADIES' and gents* cast-off clothing bought
and sold. J. SILVERM AN. 984 Folsom st. : '
.telephone Folsom 1191. ¦
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine. In hank or ' chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEWS. 709 Flfth.Oakland.i W. " J. and Grace 1 E. " Mortimer > to Llllle v E.
Hutchins (wife of Thomas B.),' lot on 8 line of
Mary W. Olascock, Lou, E, -Bessie L. and
Ellen L.' Wall to Laura Fox -(widow), all Inter
est, in lot 164. i In plat 2.1 Mountain -View Ceme
tery.'Oakland Townshlp;;$92..». .— »- • ' : •.: -• .
Teresa Wensinger (widow) to James- and
Kate Kelly, lot on W line of Filbert etreet,
UT'ZVi S of Twenty-first, 8 25 by W 125. being
lot'lO block 613. official map, Oakland; $325.
James Kelly (single) to Kate Kelly (single),
same. Oakland ; $10. ,/ ;
Realty Syndicate of San Francisco to Ann
Irwl'n (widow); lot on N line of Twenty-atcond
street, 122 E of Filbert, E 6 feet by N 100, Oak
1 E 'j Anderson to W. A. Anderson.\lot 9,
block T. revised map, -Oakland Heights, quit
claim deed, Oakland; glft.^ -. ¦ ? ' ,,
George ¦ K. and ¦ Bessie M. Holloway to Her
man and Mamie Lowe, lot on'E line of Whit
ney street, 140 S of Woolsey, S 40 by E 108, be
ing a portion of Berkeley Park. Berkeley;
David Moyes (single) to Henry Root (single),
reelnnlng at a poet nearly in front of a house
fcrmerly /twned by P. E. Edmondson, thence
along the line of Edmondson to NW corner
of old San Leandro bridge 212 • feet; thence
129 to -SE. corner of -Edmondson's old- fence,
thence along the middle of San Leandro Creek
132 to new San Leandro bridge, thence clong
W side of said bridge 282, to beginning, except
bo much granted to E. B." Stone and the coun
ty of Alameda. Brooklyn Township; --rant.-
Danlel McMahon (executor estate of Bridget
O'Connell) to Edward Dougery, lot on S line of
Sixteenth street. 90 W of West; W. CO by S 103:9,
£ame'(executor same) to same, all Interest In
same Oakland: $1S5O.\ - \ •
-• It 'j.McMullen (single) to Julia a: Jacobs
(single) all interest in lot on N line of Twenty
second or Charter street, 638:1 E of San' Pablo
avWnue. E 13 by N 129:414. being. the* W 13 feet
of lot 40. map of Tuttle Homestead Tract, Oak-
a ThomasPJcton Sr. to Thomas Pieton Jr., all
Interest In- lot • on -W line of Twelfth street. ISO
S of Fulsom or Fifty-ninth, B BO by W 100, being
lot 8, block 23, Beaudry and Peladeau .. T»act,
Oakland: tlO.'--- »v .-••-—- ¦¦¦¦\ s ¦
Same to . Edith : Plcton Stone, all Interest in
lot on E line of Eleventh ' street. 100 S of Ful
som, ¦" now; Fifty-ninth,'. S 50 ¦ by E -.100, lot 6,
block 23, same, Oakland; $10.- .".-• • ; ¦ : ¦
Alameda County-
¦ Martha E. Hebbard, John F.. William J.,
Mary A., Florence O. and Charles A. Schroth,
Ktlen T. Mauzy and Lucy A. Young to
Charles F. Schroth, lot on E linn of Stock
ton street. 60 S of. Post, S 35 by E 70; gift.
Amelia C. Hilton (Rochford) to Henri ami
Pauline Schwarz, lot on W line of Leav*>n
worth street. 37:6 N of Filbert, N 25 by W 87:6;
$3500.
Potrero Nuevo : Land Company, A. Everett
Ball, Clinton C. and Winnie G. Tripp to Con
rad and Bertha Sander, lot on NE corner of
Potrero - avenue and r Fifteenth (El Dorado)
street, E 100 by N 25; $1500.
Real Estate and Development Company to
Fannio Stewart (wife of Joseph), lot on SW
corner of Texas and Mariposa streets, 8 25
by AV 100; grant. ".:-
Jacob Hey man. Company to Jacob Schmidt,
lot on E line of Forty-seventh avenue, 50 N
of J street, N 25 by; E 82:6; JSOO. ;
Jacob and Lena Brownstone to Frederic Gar
nier lot on W line of Warren street. 126:10 N
of Palmer, N 29:6 by W 74:2^, SE 133:5H; H
B8:3V4 block 25, Fairmount Tract; $10.
¦ Frank "M. and 'Annie Chapman to Marten B.
Joost, lot 6, ' block 23, Market Street - Home
stead; $500. ¦
Albert C. Aiken \ to same, same, quitclaim
deed: 110. - _ ' . _- -•'¦':'¦*
Dorothea M: ¦ Klumpke to Bessie H. Nolt
(wife of H.V lot on W line of Valencia street,
71:7H S- of Twenty-second, S 25, W 75:5, N
25:2Vi. E 72:4%; $3500.
Robert T. and . Mary Browne to Frederick
Saunders, lofon E line of Alabama street, 104
N of Twenty-fourth, N 62 by E 100; $2500.
Wilhelmlna Baumelster (nee Goertzhaln) to
Bernard H. Baumeister. • "ot on NW corner of
Dolores and Twenty-nlnui streets. N 26:6 by
W 100; also lot on \V line of Dolores street,
26:6 N of Twenty-ninth, N 25 by W 100; gift.
Jens C. and Thorea Christensen to Andrew
Christensen. lot on E line of Hartford street,
163:6 S of Seventeenth, 8 26:2 by E 125; $1000.
City and County of San Francisco to Peter
j. Keyes. lot on E line of Julian avenue. 155
S of Fourteenth, S 30 by E 94; $ .
Peter J. and Rose C. Keys to Eugene R. and
Eleanor M* Wall, same; $2500.
John Carroll to - Thomas W. and Mary E.
Carroll (trustees), lot on W line of Blake
street, 510 N of Point Lobos avenue, N 25 by
W 120; gift. ¦ - .
E. C. Hutchinson to John W. Butler, lot on
S lli:e cf Oak street, 131:3 E of Clayton, E 50
by S 137:6; $12,000. : .
California Guarantee Investment Company to
same, tame, quitclaim deed; $10.
John and Nellie F. Lawrence to Robert A.
Vance, lot on S line of Golden Gate avenue,
75 W of Willar-VW 25 by S K0; $1000.
City and County of San Francisco to Louis
and Mary Schultz. lot on NW corner, of Fil
bert and Plercs streets. ¦ W 412:6. N 140, N 68:9,
N 185, E 77:6, S 137:6, E 266:3, 8 137:6; t .
B. Harris to Flora. Ellaser (wife of Samuel),
lot on E line of Fillmore street. 137:6 N of
Hayes. N 27 by E 137:6; also lot on W line of
Ashbury street, 200 N of Fell, N 25 by W 106:3;
also lot on N line of Page street. 81:3 W of
Cole, W 25 by N 100, life estate; gift.
Gustav F. and Annie C. Schmidt to Frank
A. Smith, lot on E line of Laguna street, S7:S
S of Halght, E 8T:6 by S 25; {2000. .
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
ST. PAUL, Minn.; March 27.— Over 3000
new settlers, 1800 of whom are Dunkards,
passed through St. Paul to-day en route
to new homes in the Northwest: "The
present mrmber, of settlers is said to ex
ceed the previous highest record and will
exceed that of last year when the State
of Washln-rton alone received 40,000 set
tlers, nearly as many goln-r to others of
the several Northwestern States. •
Dunkards, on the Way to New
Homes.
Three Thousand, Nearly All of Them
SETTLERS CROWDING
INTO. THE NOETHWEST
A B. Knox (owner) with E. GInley (contrac
tor) architect E. W., Hyde— All work except gas
fixtures, shades and mantels,, for two two-story
and basement frame buildings, on NW corner
of Dolores and Liberty streets, N 52 by .W 105;
•Siime owner with same; contractor, archi
tect same— All work except gas fixtures, shades
and mantels," which', are . furnished v by '<iwner.
for a : two-story ¦>. frame v building, • on E line of
Guorrero' street, 25 Sof Elizabeth,, S 24:6 by E
7i:0?irfS9O0. :«'Vi > .',--.- ; ¦: - • -. ¦¦¦ ;
j. H: Thorn Wohrden- (owner) 'with* J. Wen
derlng I (contractor), ", architects Rousseau | & Son
— All work for a two-story frame building with
concrete -foundation" (two flats).*.- on - S . line 5 of
Golden Gate a\ r enue. 175 E of Devisadero street.
E 25 by S 137:6; $4475.^ : "
Builders' ; Contracts.
Frank Enos to Roza Enos. lotion E line of
Ellsworth street where same Is Intersected by
N line of an alleyway 12 feet wide extending
to Vallejo street. and separating J. Saunders'
lot and a lot" of Enos' from lot conveyed to
Georg<* Stanley, and lot ¦ herein conveyed,
thence N 67. E 144. S 60. W 144, to beginning,
portion block f. A.- map of . Town < Mission San
Jose W r a6hlngton Township; gift."~
W. E. and Erminla Dargie to H. C. Arnest,
lot on S lineof Nlnth J street 100 E of Harri
son, E 24:6 by S 75.- block 85. Kellersberger's
Map. .quitclaim deed. Oakland: $10.
Mountain View Cemetery Association to Har
ry E and Elizabeth L.-'Wharton. lot 8*5 in plat
40. Mountain View Cemetery, Oakland Town
ship: $85. . . ¦ -
- Emily B. Hopkins to Frank M. Todd. : lots
15 and 17. .block A, Hopkins' Terrace, . Berke
ley; $1000. . ¦ ; , . • -
Catherine McGee (executrix of estate of
James McGee) ' to Andrew Groh, all - interest
16 and 17. block A; Hopkins Terrace. Berke
lev; $133rt. "• — • -. - . : ¦- ¦
•Alameda Building and : Loan Association to
E A.- C* and R. ¦ W. A. Postel . (firm name Pos
tel Bros ) :¦» lot ¦ on '*AV " line of Park avenue,
361-8% 8 of Central avenue. S 25 by .W.15j:0M,.
being i N Ml \ of lot , B. block 4, , Alameda Park
Homestead, Alameda; $2500.
Homo Building Company (a corporation) to
Mae L. Slaughter, lot 58. map of Forest Park
Tract. Brooklyn Townshio: $500. -^ ..'
' Charles Schnelle to town of Berkeley, lot on
J^W corner of -University avenue 'and Tenth
street, thence N 187:6 to center of Strawberry
Creek, thence E 46:4. S 187:8, W 32 to begin
ning. Berkeley; $1009.
- Lewis H. and E. M. Hubbard (his wife) to
Edward N. -Prouty. lot on W line of Audu
bon street (now, called College avenue),. 45:2 S
of Haste, S 45 by W 120, lot 8, on map of
subdivision Bell property, subject to a mort
gage tor $600. Berkeley; $1500.
Sarah E. Dixon to J. A. Marshall, lot on W
line .of Adeline street, 1S9:4 S of Falrview, S
42. W 115, N 37.S5, K to beginning, block 2, on
map of. property of A. B. Dixon, Berkeley; $1000.
Cedar street/ 125 E of Euclid avenue, E 100 by
8 124.26. lots 6 and S. block 15. on man of Da
ley^s Scenic Park, subject to a mortgage for
$1000. Berkeley: $2000."
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H T Brown, L ¦ Ang
J M Hayden & w. Men
E S Caywood, Chicago
C E Kennedy, Chicago.
O R Saxty. DC
Mrs Grenfell, Modesto
A J Andorson, ,Benlcia
W J Doran, • Kans Cy
W XV Lake, Kan Cy
L Lederle, L Ang
J L Orrer, Fresno
C.Mlnlch, San Jose
O Rlddey. San Jose
W Larcom. San Jose
G J Oml, Stockton
G . W Thompson N Ors
C P Shockley. u S N
W Chlnn, U S N-
R Small. Boulder
L H Coster. Portland
W C Elsenore. Eureka
T D Pitch. Eureka
Mrs R B Knight. Mich
Miss M Kudd, Mich
W H Talbot & w. la
W L Casteltos, Minn
Mrs E M Styne; H T
D J Styne. Tacoma
J M Stevens &-w.Wash
G F Atkins. Iowa
W O Hemlord. Corning
H Sapery. N Y
T E Leberath. Marysv
F Duer, Pasadena
J W French & w.Mlch
R A Webb & w. Mich
C A Andraw & WACal
W II Akers & w. Cal
J H Log^ett. Oroville
Mrs H-Booksin. H Jcs»
Mrs G L Erwln. Mich
J S Brown, Watsonvl
A N Judd. Watsonville
N AV Church & w.O
Mrs H G Mills. Chso
M P Mills. Chicago
R G Mills. Chicago
M W Dake & w. NY
MHDake, N Y
Miss J F Hallenboke.
New York ¦
Dr ft Mrs Robler. Cal
H L Smith. Cal'
E A Strong, Minn
W M Bayard. -Pa
G A Smith. Courtland
T James. Auburn
S Martlnelll. Watsonvl
Mrs D M Snowden, O
Mrs W A McGulre.Cal
8 A Mclntoeh, Kent
U H Croall. London
E L Reese. Bodie
Dr J E Conn. Napa
T R Weber. Nev
O W Crvstal. Vacaville
G H Reed. Atlanta
C Johnston, Eureka
W F Bryant, L An?
P H Green & w. Cal
FD Frost. Paso Robl
F H Gllman. M»nn
R H Shipley. Coio
A Auze. New York
J L Weaver. Idaho
A F Frost. Sexto
W G Lewis. Sacto
Mrs Fohrs. Red Bluff
GRAND HOTEL.
PALACE HOTEL.
L D Fitch NY
E T Wallace, Cal
T Garrett. NY
J R Harday & w. 111
H Hahr & w. Ill
Mrs Pelt. NY . ... ¦
G P Griffith Jr. N Y
G R Loomls, Chicago
Capt Adams. L Ang
C H Dickey & w, M D
H A Thompson, N Y
F Larhanna, N Y
E Godchaux & w, NO
Mrs Casey. Tenn
O P Field & w, Boston
F ' Hirscheimer, w, & I
chldn. Cleveland, O
Mr Peabody & w. Bstn
Miss Peabody & m, Bn
Miss Phillips.' Boston
W LHall & w, Troy
M M Bayard, Phila
E N Church, Chicago
H B Reynolds, i Chlcgo
L Haynes, Chicago
H Borden & w. N Y
Mies McCoulogln, NY
G W Borden & w. 111
Mr Denison & w. Mass
Miss Hdpkins. DC .7:
Mrs Puterbrldge - & t,
NY"- , .
F P Hogan & w. Wash
M H Beers. NY
J M Beers. N Y ' ¦
Mrs Moffett. N Y
Mrs Crowell.. NY
M J Lotta & w. N Y
I Ooetchlms & w, N Y
Mrs Abbot. Boston
Miss Mount. Boston
E Furbush & w, Bostn
WF Cobb & w. Chlgo
Mrs Dunning & m, N Y
II W Luck & w. N Y
Master Dunning, N T
t> A Crowell. London
H C Earl. London
C L Josselyn, San Dgo
W Tooney & w, St P
H Swift & w, Chicago
S Gottlieb & w, N Y
A E Cross & w, Chlcgo
F J Slsman & w, N Y
W I^amaenson Sit Lke
|F Latter, III
i Mr Hardee & yr, Toldo
C E Potter, L' Ang
A Hinds & w, Portlnd
Mn Orne. Portland
|H Kingsbury & w, N Y.
Julia' KIngsbury, N Y
L Hunnan & w. Oklnd
Miss Short. Chicago
Mrs. Fish & mi, N T
Mrs Nx>rrle & ms. N Y
IB Henry & w, N Y •
F T Underhill. Phlla
'J H Smith & v. N Y
|Dr & Mrs Friend. S Jae
EW Post & w. Stocktn
M Lawlns, Pa
IMlxs M Lawins, Pa
Miss O Lawins, Pa
O C White, NY
HOTEL ABRIVALS.
G. W. Renner, manager of the Dray
men's Association, suggests to the Board
of Sunervisors as a re'.ief for the con
gested traffic on Third street that Fourth
and Fifth streets from Howard to Town
send be placed In first-class condition, lie
guarantees that one-n«lf of the traffic
now on Third street wJil then go to Fifth
etreet.
Traffic on Third Street.
The eyes of the mining men are now
directed toward the appointment of a
State Mineralogist ¦ to ..succeed -A. _- : S.
Cooper, the incumbent. The opinion is
general 'that the "appointment will be "made
spon by the Governor and . may be an
nounced any day. Mr. Cooper does not
expect to remain and has already rented
offices ¦ elsewhere in anticipation of the
early termination of his services to the
State. The ; two names that are most
prominently mentioned in connection with
the succession are those of Lew Aubury
and W. L. Watts. Mr. Aubury lives in
Los Angeles. Mr. Watts also- claims that
place as his residence, although he has
passed much of his time in this city dur
ing the last few years,- having been con
nected for nine years with the State Min
ing Bureau as a field, deputy. -He has
been better known, during the last year
because of his work in \connection with
the oil fields of , the State, having writ
ten several bulletins concerning the oil
Industry. ¦ • \ • «
Mr. Aubury has been engaged In mining
for some years in several States, including
California, Arizona and New Mexico. He
is a member of the American Institute of
Mining Engineers and also a member of
the California Miners' Association.'' There
are no names much heard in connection
with the succession excepting these two.
In the Mining Bureau' a strict neutrality
Is maintained in the expression of opin
ion concerning the chances of the two men
to be preferred. There has-been consid
erable friction between the State. Min
eralogist and the Governor concerning
the appointment of field deputies and the
Governor is not likely to confer with any
one connected with the bureau concern
ing the appointment. At- one time the
opinion of mining men seemed to be that
Watts had the lead, but within the last
few days the pendulum seemed to be
swinging toward Aubury. State Mineralo
gist Cooper declines to express any opin
ion concerning the succession.
• "It is none of my business," he said
when he was asked about it. "No changes
in the office and museum staff of the
bureau art expected, but the Governor
may continue to appoint the field deputies
under the new administration."
Gossip That Selection Will Go. t >
Either Watts or Aubury, Both.
Residing in Southern
California.
Appointment to Position of
State Mineralogist
Is Now Due.
TWO CANDIDATES
ARE PROMINENT
If the directors refuse' the offer, and J
heretofore they have been opposed to j
passing control, the success of any effort
to lease the Burlington to a Northwestern
road will be jeopardized. While New-
York banking interests have become
heavy holders of the shares, the stock Is
widely distributed throughout New Eng
lna'i, and it will be difficult to Induce
these irvestors to part' with their hold
ings. The average holdings of Burling
ton's stock is said to have been about
seventy shares, largely in New England.
It may be said that President Hill has a
strong following in New England and Is
In a better, position than almost any in
terest to secure control of the Burlington.
Northern Pacific and the Great North- ,
ern "Will Probably Soon Have.—
the Ownership of the .
Line.
y-:'^:' v - -;,-',. • j
NEW YORK, March 27.-The Evening '
Post says: \ Burlington and Northern Pa
cific shares were strong and active \ to
day on- the revival of the reports that
there would be a lease of the Burlington
by the Northern Pacific and Great North- .
ern railways.* No official confirmation of:
these reports covfld be obtained to-day, j
and important stockholding interests in '
the Burlington denied having information
that any offer bad been made for the :
Burlington here.
It may be said that neither- the Great \
Northern nor the Northern Pacific direc
tors have considered such a lease or term3
for taking over the Burlington. A strong; j
effort is under way, however, to secure
control of the Burlington and to- turn It
over .to the Northern Pacific and the
Great Northern. These proposals originate .
with President J. J. Hill, and the negotia
tions are entirely in his hands. Whether)
he will be successful In inducing- the pres
ent management of the Burlington to ac- ¦
cept his proposals remains to be seen. It
is believed that Mr. Hill is prepared to
bid a high cash price for Burlington, to
lease it at a specified guaranteed rental
or to exchange the stock for new bonds—
as the Lake Shore and Michigan Central
was acquired by the New York Central. I
In such negotiations the Hill Interests j
have the advantage - of owning heavy
amounts of stock of Burlington, bougnt \
at much lower prices, both directly and
through allied banking interests In New j
York, which would be voted In favor of ;
any prcposal looking to securing the I
Burlington for the Northern Pacific road.
At present It may be stated on good
authority that the effort to secure control,
of the Burlington is evidently in the hands •
of Mr. .Hill. J. P. Morgan has taken nor
active part In the negotiations, as he did.
In those to secure the St. Paul. If Mr.
Hill succeeds in securing: the Burlington t
and the options are offered to the North- '
ern Pacinc Railway to share with the J
Great Northern any guarantee or to Join
In purchase price it will undoubtedly
be accomplished. At the present time
the proposal remains in an indefinite
shape, pending the outcome of Mr. Hill's
efforts to reach an agreement with the j
Burlington directors. President Perkins \
Is said to be on his way East to Boston, j
and it is believed that a definite offer will j
be made to • the Burlington board this j
week. j
Negotiations Under Way for
the Purchase of the
Railroad. .
HILL MAY BUY
THE BURLINGTON
TfiE SAN FRANCISCO GALL, THURSDAY, MARCH v 28, 1001.
11
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex 807 California St.. may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and' sightly rooms at modest rates.
IF you are looking for a boarding place, and
like French cooking, try 642 Geary st. You
will thoroughly enjoy yourself, meet good
people, and get the best meals in the cli/
at moderate prices. Desirable rooms for a
limited number. Come and try a dinner nt
6 p. m. and you will go away happy.
ROOMS AND nOARD.
EEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission st.;
¦ teL • Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2420 Flllmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. MO Mis-
sion St.: tel. Mint 1821. : K. W. ZEHFUSS.
STORAGE AXD ' WAREHOUSES. .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 6713.
SHOW CARDS AJfD POSTERS.
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
MOND. 1170 Market, r. 103. phone Folsom 1569.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, • repaired ; needles and
¦huttles; reduced rates. US 6th; phone Mint 6.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
SEWI\G MACHIXE8 ASP SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing- guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1913 Mission, nr. 15th.
M. GRIFFIN. 71» Market st.. by Call bldff.,
n»lls hotel*, lodsing fcouscc. stores, etc Print-
ed lists -of farms and city property.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma, for
f re« copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
BEAL ESTATE WAJfTED.
WANTED^Withln 100 miles of Eaa Francisco,
improved farms: price not to exceed tSOOO; we
have cash buyers. A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
Mark»t ft-. £an Francisco. *
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA ROOMS AMI BOARD.
HANDSOMELY refurnished rooms; board first
c.latg. r-'il Or.tral ave.. Alameda-
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL ESTATE.
H00 CAEH. J10 monthly; lot 100x200 ft.; sandy
loam soil: assorted orchard In full bearlnr:
also small vineyard; 8-room cottage, windmill,
10,000 gallon tank: Al water; large barn,
chicken houses and outhouses; Immense shade
trees, ehrubbery and flowers surrounding; this
la a rare property in m. very delightful spot;
Laurel Grove Tract, adjoining East Oakland;
near a floe 8-story «choolhoUBe; away from
cold winfls and tot: near Laurel Grove ave.,
off School st. ; here Is a lovely spot for a home,
which you can getfl-m rental basis; price, all
told, J1280. Call oi-tend for circular, 455 Sev-
enth et.. opposite Broadway station, Oakland;
carriage free. H. Z. JONES. Owner.
J22S— "LOT In Lcrln; 300 ft. from station on
Berkeler local, g-lvlnr a half-bear service to
ran Francisco same time to city as from 7th
and Broadway. Oakland; this lot must be
-w>ld. A. J. BNYDER, 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
jttiGG— A MAGNIFICENT home on Telegraph
ave.; It rooms and bath; modern; lot Kxl2S.
A. J. ENTDER, 467 Ninth st, Oakland. Cal.
ELEGANT corner lot, 12SxlO0: J6S09. with im-
provements; modern house: large barn, beau-
tiful flowfcr garden: San Pablo-ave. cars pass
<U»r; cor. 24th st. See owner on premises.
A BANKER'S home. 8 rooms, grandly situated;
half block maxniflcent grounds: $17,000 ex-
pended; price tSOOB; must sell quick; roing to ;
Europe. • LATMANCE REAL ESTATE CO., |
«K;-iC2 Eighth tt., Oakland.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
great^bXrgXins in typewriters— We
a -»n better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, *3. The Typewriter
Exchange, ttt California; telepbon* Main 268.
Eugene McGinn. McG INN BROS.
Funeral Directors and Kmbalmers.' '
JlEDDTSTREir.,- ,- .
Telephone South 252. . ¦";. , San Francisco,
No Connection With Any Other House. "
(Euccessor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) * .
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth -st., opposite Lincoln School.
- ¦ ¦ ¦ Telephone South- 80. - , ¦.„
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
.RAILWAY TEAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
" Local Llm'd Ovrl'd I Local
Dally, Dally. Dally. (Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:S5 p 8:0a a
". Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:C« a
"Visalia.. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
" Bksfield.. C:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a :
" Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a
*' Chicago . ;.;.%:t«'. 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:C0 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeplns cars and Dlnlns
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleid for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on. this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. m. Is Stocktcn Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:03 a. r.i. dally.
3:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through "• Palace and Tourist Sleepers* and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5155 p. m. daily.
.7:20 a. m. ¦ Jsjj Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. ra. dally.
Offices — 641 Market street and' in. Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway, Oak-
land. ¦ ¦"
CHlpAGO I
In LESS than:
THREE DAYS
San Franciaco At 1U Ai M, - .
Chicago, Union Pacific '
<& North'lYestern Line
T"\OWBLE Draving-T^oom .SUtbing
I J Cars, Buffet,' 'moki-ig arid Library
'-—-*£ Cars, vith barb.r. Di-mg Cars—
meals a I* ' carte. . TDailv Tourist Car
Service and Personally Conducted Ex-
cursions tverv teeth from San Francisco
at 6 p.m. The best of everything:
jr. fr. ritchie
617 Market St. Genera'- Agent Pacific Oxut
- Palace liolel 8AX rBAXCKCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry,
r Commencing/September 30, 15C0.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
¦ AND SAN KAFAEL. :
WEEK DATS— C:55, •S:^, 11:09 a, m.. «1:45.
5:15.>4:C0, 6:16. "^ld, 4:40 p. m. . v
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on v Mondays. Wednesdays and . Satur-
days at 9:Cii and 11,-3*1 p. m.
SUNDAYS— •S:00,- M0:00.- »U:30 a. m.. »l:i5.
3:15. : »4:45. .8:30. 9:COp. m. - -
Trains marked (•) run to San. Quentin.
FROM" SAN -.nAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK - DAYS— 5:20. •6:30. 7:43, 9:30 a.m.,
•12:30. 1:45. .•3:30. 4:S0. 5:20 p.m.
. EXTRA TRIPS on .Mondays. Wednesdays
and : Saturdays at 6:45 and 10; 20 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS-6:20. •S:0O,- 'IOiOO, 'UMo a. m.,
•1:40." •2:15.? 4:45. •C:30:p.m. . , :
¦Trains marktd (•) start from Ban Quentin.
FROM MILL V ALLKT TO SAN - FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:4">. 6:45, .7:55. — 9:30 a. m.,
12:35, 2:10," 3:S0, 4:54, 5:20 p. m. "
EXTRA •= THIPS on Mondays,. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05. a, m.. 12:06. 2:15, J:30.
5:00, ;6:4"> p. m. •¦ = fim—tmfmmiBmf -¦ .
.. -THROUGH : TRAINS.
6:55 , a. ' m. week days— Cazadero and way
stations. *>~&M|VnMME(gite3Hg&'SEpMM
,--1:43 -p.m. Saturdays — Tomalea -and way
stations. . •SB**''— m ' ¦ fflBaawaBBi V'-^- -
¦ 9; a. xn. Sundays — Tomales andYway. sta-
tions.'
Jtcsn— PACIFIC Heigrht-i lot ready to build on.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. CIS Market Bt.
Txyn the best located lots !n Richmond and the
r*:--aprst call on W. J. Gum. £30 California.
Ir* vou have lots to Fell notth of the Park,
then call on W. J. GITNN. o30 California *t.
REAL ESTATE COCXTKY For Sale
FOR sale in Contra Costa County— 90 acres:
on attractive country home, highly Improved
ana productive, with many natural advan-
.._•-*. superior climate; large and commo-
dious dwelling house. 6 rooms and bath;
f-rall hcu»e for workmen and two fine barns;
out buildings: there are' 4S00 fruit trees of
following varieties: Almond, cherries, prunes,
pears, peaches, apricots, orange, quince, per-
fir-.mc-ie, plums, aapples, olive and flg: trees
eight rest-H eld and In full bearing; abund-
enoe of f-hade trees.
There are sex-eral natural eprlnss. also w*II
r-'.-l tark cf 10.000 rations, which supplies
house and grounds: also a live creek. It Is
fHuated not far from the famous Bancroft
«-rchar<1. Terms. $5000 cash payment, balance
can remain on mortgage for 3 years.- Inter-
est at 7 r*r cent, or would accept good city
or Oakland prorx-rtv for balance. For fur-
ther particulars csll on EDWIN" W. WOOD-
WARD. 11 Montgomery st.. city.
pwu 23 ACRES: 12 In peach pear and prune
t"-e»-s; 7 acres good potato or corn ground: t
acres hay crcund: 6-room houM. bath; wind-
mill and tark: bam for 10 head of Hock;
irood outbuildings: 4 miles from Napa City.
Address Owner. P. O. box It!, Napa. Cal.
TT>R P»rnt— About S acres land, good barn, 2-
Ftcry fiouse. furnished or not: also saloon and
barber shop. H. M. LE BARON, Valley
-fYsrd. Cal.
MODERN' oottapes and fiat* built: reasonable;
Flans furnished. GEORGE M. EALSBURY,
builder: office 1233 Market st.
ff-yNotice of funeral hereafter.
GILMORE— In this city, March 26. 1501, Pat-
rick, dearly beloved and only son of Maria
and the late Thomas Gilmore, and beloved
brother of Mrs. R. C. Munro, Mrs. E. W.
Haughy, Mrs. J. S. Forrest and Mrs. J. T.
1 Cullen, a native of Galway, Ireland, aged 38
years.
CT" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral t©-morrow
(Friday), at 9:45 o'clock, from the residence
of his sister, Mrs. E. W. Haughy, 327 First
street, thence to St. Brendan's Church, where
a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his soul, commencing at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRAHAM— In this city. March 26, 1901. Wil-
liam Graham, a native of Ireland, aged 65
years. ' - v
GRIFFINS— -In Saticoy, Ventura County,
March 26, 1801, Catherine V. Farlsh, beloved
• wife of Evan Grlfflns, daughter of Mrs.
Elizabeth Wells Farlsh, arid sister of Mrs.
Edward T. Morris, a native of Oakland, aged
29 years.
E"rFuneral services this day (Thursday),
at 2 o'clock, at the parlors of Albert Brown,
4CS Thirteenth street, near Broadway, . Oak-
land. ' Interment private, Mountain • View
Cemetery.
HANEY— In this city. March 27. 1901, Emily
Frances Haney, widow of the late Mark
Haney, and 'beloved mother ' of : Mrs. M. A.
McCall, Thomas, Austin and Charles Haney,
Mrs. W. C. McCoy and Mrs. Louise Erewster,
a native of .West Virginia, aged . 73 . years.
HENNESSEY— In this city, March 2S. 1901,
James, beloved husband of Nellie Hennessey
(nee Shoebrld-ce). and brother of John, . Nel-
lie, Albert. Timothy and William Hennes-
sey, and Mrs. Agnes Selke, a native of San
Francisco. v .
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ¦ this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors
'. of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's -Church. Mission
street, for services at 2 o'clock.
HOLLAND— In Vancouver, B. C, March 21,"
1301, Elizabeth, beloved wife of Alexander
Holland, and beloved sister of Mrs. Margaret
Reeves, Mrs. James E. Britt'and Arthur and
_ the late John Cronln, a native of Washing-
ton. D. C. • ,-'. '¦.riSftSH*^!*
' > CTFrlends and acquaintance" are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral from the
parlors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness
¦ avenue, ' to-morrow (Friday), at - 2 - o clock,
thence to Holy Cross Church, Eddy street,
between < Bcott . and , Devisadero. for services.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery. Remains
will be at the above parlors Thursday even-
In-:, March 28. B«-|-u|Sa*M*BM»B— MBMftBWM
JOSEPH— In San Pablo, Contra Costa County,
March 27. 1901, Isabell Joseph, -beloved wife
of Manuel j Joseph, and mother of Manuel Jo-
seph and Mrs. Mary Rogers. • a . native of
~' Azores -Islands, . Portugal, aged 64 yearat • :
KEWELL — In this city, March : 26,- 1301,
Charles, beloved husband of I Hester Kewell,
C"rThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking
Company, 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Bren-
dan's Church for eervices at 1 o'clock. In-
terment private.
GALLAGHER— In this city, March 27, 1901, at
her residence, 403 Octavia street, Theresa, be-
loved wife of Patrick J. Gallaxher, and be-
loved mother of William J., Joseph F., Mary
A. and Mars-Bret J. Gallagher, a native of
Dublin, Ireland, aged 60 years.
ESPINOSA— In the City and County Hospital,
March 27, l'.'Ol, Aleck Espinopa, a native of
Peru, acred 31 years.
FITZPATRICK^-In this city. March 26. 190L
Daniel Fitzpatrick, a native of -Ireland, aged
31 years 6 months and 17 days.
Dundon, a native of Ireland, aged 84 years,
IC7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock,- at the
First . Congregational Church, Twelfth and
Clay Btreets, Oakland.. . Interment Mountain
¦ View Cemetery.
COUGHLAN— In this city. March 27, 1901.
Henry J., beloved son of James and- Mary
Coughlan. and brother of J. R. and T. J.
Coughlan, a native of San Francisco, aged 26
years.
DUNDON— In this city, March 26. 1901. Mary
Yprk papers pleas* copy.)
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 263 Harriet street, between Harrison
and Bryant. Sixth and Seventh. . Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BEVAN— In Oakland. March 28, 1901, Mrs.
' Emma- Bevan," beloved mother of Gladys
Bevan, a native of England, aged 41 years.
ANDERSON— In this city, March 2«, 1901,
John, beloved husband of Bertha Anderson,
and father of Sophie and Annie Anderson, a
native of Sweden, aged 47 years.
Griffins, Catherine V. Ropcke. Helmuth F.
Haney, -Emily F. ¦ - - Htapteton, Edward
Hennessey, James Walsh/Arabella
Holland, Elizabeth Wilson, Marian
Joseph, Isabell
DIED.
Anderson. John . Kewell, Charlet,
Bevan, Mrs. Emma Knox. Benjamin F.
Coughlan. Henry J. I.*wler. Wallace
Dundon. Mary McCarte. Wm. J.
Kspinosa. Aleck McDonald, Thos. G.
Kltipatrick. Daniel McKlnnon, Mrs. E.
Gallagher, Theresa. Mulligan, Nellie J.
Gllmore. Patrick . Oldfleld. Charles
Graham, William Reese, Andrew
MARRIED.
LUCKY- GUDMUNDSEN— In this city, March
26. 1901, by the Rev. K. M. Stensrud. J. Nel-
cen Lucky and Hulda Belle Gudmundsen,
both of San Francisco.
STORE at-3 4 rnora*, flat of 5 rooms; 119 Foint
I>o1:k-.s ave.; 30:6x75 feet; price J2000. Address
C. W. PUATT. Ean P.afa*l P. O. box 421.
F-rr: renti? !<">.
I12.E0C'— Lecveawcrth ft-i rents $105; lot 55-
Ccot fror.t.
$14.000— Three elegant flats; rents $150; all
nr.ted: h»lf cai*h: must selL
J14.f««_p-ine Jax:kt«n-*t. ret-idence. 14 rooms,
2 Ijfithf: rtrtctly modern: must sell.
$14.000— Three elegant Cats; rented for $140;
fv.ell locality.
t-.'O.COO— Sutter tt.; Rrand comer; 67:6 front:
rents tlSS.
I2*.00i— Business property of 4 stores and S
fst*; rer.t* SZZQ.
$y.(W-M!s ; sicn-ft. comer; ITCrlEO; actually
-a-crth S^o.fiCiO: must sell at once.
-MO.Of* 1 — Corner; Golden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6;
urts J249.
t^o.OCt — Grand ccrner; 60-foot front; few
b'CK-fcE from Orpheum; pa5"s € per cent net.
$75.CT< — Grand corner; CO-foot front; within
I :¦¦• k of TJvoM: old improvements; rents $H».
OthT Karpains.
Apply A. M. gPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
ONLY $1000 each— A splendid purchase because
they are eo cheap and offered at euch a fear-
ful sacrifice; just 3 left: $CSOO was offered and
refused for Mich lot; they are well located
on • the north cr scr.ny side of Point Lobos
ave. that grand avenue of San Francisco,-
just west from Eighth ave. I loaned $1000
<"Ti each cf ttifse lots: size J£xl'>0. Just think
of the money you will make by buying one of
thr.se lot*; ea?y terms. W. J. GUNN S30
California st ¦Vru.v.. '•:'•
ALL. Genuine I'srealr.s in This List.
Apply A- M. SPECK & CO.. «67 Market st-
Ili'-O — A cczy home; only half cash.
JCC.%0 — Two tplendid flats: rented $23; near
$= >th St.
flor*)— Seren roorr.s. bcth: Hyde st; bargain.
SSI'iO — Three cire fiats: all rented; near Xlne-
tf-er.th and Mission sts. : pays 10 per cent.
tCS'JO — Corner 4 r hc90. with «:ood 10-room house -
Hvrte i>t-: co-=t $12,000.
S77;«c— Splendid Investment; near Van Ness
ev». : rents $y: all rented.
S?:tfO— Business property; Ninth st.. near Mls-
BORN. ¦&£
HERMANN— In San Mateo. February 22. 1901,
to the wire of Conrad Hermann, a son.
IiAZANSKY-In this city, March 27, 1301, to
the wife. of P. I^azansky. a son.
ROBERTS— In this city. March 26. 1301. to the
wife of H. E. Roberts, a son. • '
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They roust be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
•TVTA-RRIAGE LICENSES.
The following: marriage licenses were issued
yesterday:
Ed-vard C. Grltrtr. 26, Vallejo. and Martha
M. Heln, 17. Vallejo.
Percy r. Powell. 24. Spokane. Wash., and
Mabel L. Hof-an. IS. Spokane, Wash.
Edwin P. Harrison, 33, 4122 Twenty-fourth
street, and Elizabeth M. /Tufts, 34, 4122 TwerP-
ty-fourth etreet.
James B. Sykes. 26. 39 Dehon street, and
Mabel A. Metrovlch, 23, city.
George B. Bramhall, 59, 118 Shotwell street,
and Emma B. Hicks. 2!. city.
Antone S. Cimlnello. 21. 23 Filbert place, and
Adelaide AI. Casaasa. 19, 514 Greenwich street.
Chur.e sing, 43. St. Ixmis alley, and . Sue
Chin, 22, 1031 Dupont street.
EKE OUR NEW SUNSET BLOCKS.
Cheapest and choicest let: ever oSered.
Ob Seventh. Elthth. Nlr.-Ji avenues and K St.
$509, $650 «.o J750.
Only $50 down. $10 monthly.
Ail -rraded, ready to build nn. Epiended view of
Park and Ocean.
Don't miss this opportunity for bargains.
Sunset branch office. Ninth avenue, near H
street. Open every aey and Sunday
HI
|OD to $750— Choice Richn*ox3d lots— $10 monthly.
J7S. 1100 to SSSD; bert Ocoen boulevard lots: S3
ircnthly; ee'ect them now.
f I>0 — Misflcn lets, near cars; $T monthly.
STI". I10O9 to I2SOT: m;>d<»rn cot tares: Sunset.
r.»<-">n-ct!a or Mission; all bargains; eaa/
terras.
FOL GET2 & BROTHER.
Hoora Zl, Chrcnlcle buildlas.
HEAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
DIVIDEND Notice.— To the shareholders of In-
dependent Red Men's Hall Association: In
the last regular meeting of the board of direc-
tors r. dividend was declared of 23 cents per
i-hare. payable on the 2Sth of March, at 8
o'clock ii. m.. In Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush
street. C. G. BALSDORF, President.
B. A. SAMMAXX, Secretary.
DIVIDEND 'NOTICES.
! •Ol'TIII.IlN |-A«-|riC COHirADIT.
(i-Aciric ¦Y-rrsif.)
Train* Ion** mil itro tin* I* nrrlf* *)¦
MAN Fit* \«: I HI '«>.
i - (Main Line. Foot of ilari-et Street.)
ibatb — - From March It. 1KL — 4«tiTi
I 7:00a M vtliiex, San UimcD, Vallejo. Nspft,
C»ll-.t4iga ami Jibuti, Uos» tttZSr
7:30a Beiilda. nuiatiu, Eimira. V«eat Hie.
- Riuaaey and MwramaDto. ......... 7iMf
7 ISO A IteTis, Woodland. KaJ«aU Landtag.
Marj»til!«, <>ro-ill«. 7:3*»F
7:30* Atlantic Kxpress-Ogden and Em! 19t23r
j S'OOa. Nile*, Lifermora, Tr»cy, laUuop.
. Stockton 7x»"»r
tilUt Shasta Exprwa— Da-la, Williams (for
! Bartlett Springs), Willow*, Red
Bluff, Portian«t.. 7«0»t
ti3O* 8*11 Jtme, LlTerraore, .Stock trm,
I ' lone. Sacramento. Placer-llle,
; M»rys»llle. Cbico. lte<l IllulT 4-ZSp
t BiSO A Oikdair. Chineae, Houora. Carten... 4i23r
•tOO a Bajwartls. Nil-n and W§j Htations. I 1«S3a
ViSOaLos Angeles Erpreu — Martinez,
Tracy. Latlirop. MtoRktoD, Merced
: Freano and Lea Angeles 7:»3r
I ft-3** ValI<->>. MartliM-s awl W»y gtattoua »i3Jr
¦ 1O»«>»A The O»exlaiid Limited— Ogden, Den.
ter, Omaha. Chicag > ' 6:991*
11:00a Kiln, Stockton, .1aer»-a.*nto, Mare
i <loU. i'ttiao, llaufo-d, VI--.1U,
! Purt»rTllI.--». «-S9r
1 1 l:OO» LlTcrmore. 8anger. Goib-o Jiino-
tlon, Bakersfleld, Los Angeles...., - -
fliOOp Sacraineuto l:lter S'eiUier- t 3: * 0 *
3<O«r Heiilel*. Winters. Hacranicnto.
... ¦- ¦•:: '. Woarflauul.' Kutxhta Lmucliug.
Mwrya-iille. <>ru«ill«.. I»:M*
S<«*r H»ywarda. Nllea and Way SUtlona. »:55p
4iU«r Martlntm. hmi lUiuou, Vallejo,
¦ N4|i:i, (Juliniiii:*. SanU Itnss PiSSa
i rl:OOr Sun-et Licuited. El Paao. Ncnr
; ¦' Orle»D-i and Kaat. «11x33a
4-O«pTIh> Owl Limited— Tracy, fiesno. . .
IUkenfleM. Maugiia for 8aat» B»r-
bart, I.m Angeles II:S3«
4:SnpHiywards. Mle« and Sau. lose...... t«|:334
SiOOf New Orl-»a» Eipreaa— lUkeraflald.
! Hiuita lUrhara. Loa Aneelea. Dem-
Inc. Kl Paao. New Orleana and
Kaat 7iMa
Btttr Nllea. LIrermore, Stockton Lodl.... 1 0:51a.
t:««r Hajrwatda, Ml«» auJMiii Jose ?>3.1*
f«:«Or Vallejo IliM*
a>O«r Oriental Mail-Og-Ien. Cbejenne,
. * -• Omaha, Cbto-ign lS<3"lr
•:OOr Oriental Mail-Ogden, Dearer,
.-- Omaba. Clilcwo 4:83?
?iO6r Ori-Kim and California Kl www. Hag.
•y. raiMsiito. ?.lary»»lll«. ICvI.Udk.
.'"¦*•- l'.irMnn.l. l-nuft Hutn.il ami Raak 9«.*»3a
*>nirSan Pablo, Pnrt Costa. MtrUaes
Sini WSJ oUtloUi 11:.V»4
t»-O3r ValMn 7«53i>
COAST l>l VISION (.Narrow ttmmf9%
<F.K>iotM:<rkit8treet.>
•ll-"»* Ne-T»rk,t'-ntrrfl!lf,M»it.Io»«,Krltnn,
noui«]erCrrek,8autaCrtMaud Way
ruuou<i_ ;«-ao»
t*tlSr Netrark. Ceiiterrlllv. Stan .ln««, N.w .
Almaileo. Fpltou, lluuMer Creek.
Santa, (-"ruz and I'dndpal War
8t*Uoi»s.. flOiSOi,
4 il -Ir- Newark. ***n Joie. Loa Oatoa Si-"»o*
o9:SOf Hantera' Eztmlon. San Joaa aad
Way^UUooa f>*»9r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
turn US rjusClXCO— Tnt «f Hiritl Strut (Sli> 8) —
: t?:lS 9.00 11.00'. M. 1:33 3:33 3:15<-.-.
freaOltUItO— reelar|r«a4wa;.— 1».00 (9:00 t3.-03
} 10:00i>.al. 12:33 2:83 i:33r.M.
COAST DIVIMIU"! <nro*tl<-aa--c).
("I'hiril wud Tonn^eixl SU.)
t«« • «A Ocean View, .South Man Fiauoiacn.. !••••»«»"•
7:011a San Jon* -ml Way HUtlniia {Nev
Alinadtiii Weilnmda)* nuljr) Ii3l»»
9-OvAMan Jnae. Tree) I'lnos. MwiU Cmr, ' v '
¦ ¦ - Piteilia tiroie. I'aan Itnhlea. Han
. I .nil- oi.lspo, Hnxt. Lompoc awl
I'riiiul|»t1 Wt- NUttmii 4-IOr
in:l«A 8an Jost- aud Way .Stations fl-.l.i*
I 1i3Oa Han Jnar- ami Way SUtion- 3i3t>->
t'*« »ar flan M>t-o, Uedwocwt. Menla Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han Jnae.
Tres Picoa. S»nta V****, BalluM, ,
Monterey ami 1'aclfte Ornre ||0:3<fa
fliHOpKaa Jose and Way Station* ?t*llt r
t-tildr San Jnae ami Principal Way Hiatloi.a >:13>
tStOOrSan Jo««-, Loa Gates and Principal
Way SUUona..- 1!l:Ou»
5>3Or 8auJnat>an<l Hrineinal WaySUtloai . »:X"»A
M::t»c Sari .Inae ami Way8tatlnna !*:«»•
Silli-i-tr Ran Jniw a im» Way KLttlmra ~»3Op
A (or Morning. 1* for A fternnnn.
t -*un'l»v ei rt-nted } buud* J mHj.
§ Mondsys Wedaesdan, FrMiyi.
• Tut*idayt. Thursdajx Suniiy-L
. a a»tux<l»j only, — •
CALIFORNIA N3^TflWE^TEEN RY. CO.
ifN. LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND HGRTH PACIFIC
RAI -WAY- COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market SU
• » -it i ~ •„:•¦:-
TIBUROX FERRY-FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30. 9:C0. 11:00 a. m.: 12:33. 3:30^
5:10, «:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:3«
p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:30 and
11:30 p. m. ¦ . ¦ i. -:
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
3:50, S:20 p. m.
Su.i i'Ju:l to Snn Franci*;o.
"WEEK DAYS— 6:10. 7:50, 9:20, 11:13 a. m.; 12:43,
3:40. 5:10 p, tn. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. ;m.; 1:40. 3:40.
5:05. 6:25 p. tn.
• Between San Francisco and, Schuetzftn Park,
same schedule_as_abcve. •
""Leavei 1 In Effect I Arrive
Pan Francisco. ¦ [Nov. 7. 1SCO.| San Francigco.
"Week I Sun- I ' 1 Sun- j We«k,
Days. I days. I Destination. | days. | Dap. 1
7-30 am| 8 :0O am Novato. 1«:W am, S:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. S:« pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm! 5:C0 pro Santa Kosa. | 7:3a pm| 6:22 pm
~~ - Fulton.
/7-30 am Windsor. 10:23 am
Kealdsbur*;.
Lytton.
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:C0am _ Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7-30 am) I Holland I I
[ 8:00 ami «"d Uk!ah. | 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
7:30 am ~ 10:SSam
. .8:00 am Guerneville, 7:35 pm
* 8 :30 pm ¦ • 6:22 pm
7:30 am S:CO am Sonoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
and '¦ •
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen' Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:52 pm
7:30 ami S:00 ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:S0 pmj. 5:00 pmj SebastopoL | 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark Weat
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: -at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs : at
Gtyserville for Skag-fs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Sprint's. Highland Springs. KelseyvlHe, Carls-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. La :- sport and Bartlett
Springs; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day'««. Riverside. LJerley's, . Bucknell'a.
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hot Springs.
Mcndocino City. Fort Brasx. Westport. .Usal.
Willetts. Laytonv'.lle. Cummlngs. Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle build-
In--. R. X. RYAN.
H v - C. WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt
General Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPA IS RAILWAY
Via Sa-ualito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
U iin nun. ax. «a-> "¦¦»«.
9:M a.m.) McrrvK t»av«i ( J-OOp.m.
1:43 r:x.}. WEEK DAYS J g..^ f H
4:oop. m.) Stay over nlghtat the urtur (10::<3a.m.
S-OOa.m.') f 1:00 p.m.
10-OOA.M.f RTTXD4Y«? 1 5l-00r.se.
11 :t0 A. X. f 81;^ DA Y3 -.-. i ;35 p M
1:15p.m.) • '•¦¦: I 5:54r.Ji.
Fi-tr. San Francl-xn to Summit and Return. $1.40.
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., A Sansalito Ferry.
VT*^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
jfflKJS^SAln IH54 forth* treatment of I'rlvnt-i
raljMk^jsS Disuses, l»*t Manuood. Debility or
li*?yi*'ft»& fii " ;> ' as '- wearlngun body and mind and
2Ji9irri*ii5r3 sk In Dinenses. The Doctor cures wlipn
- S SjMEtgjM'*" **-'• Tr y Wln - - Charg-FS low.
»*'«S«£S6Si3«'n»''"Sa* rilBt "' d - Call or writ*
I l)r. J. V. tilBBUX, «au Francisco, Cal,
I* WEEKLY: cuits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress cuits. 120 up; ele-
-ranl overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market gt.. between Seventn and Eighth.
ELECTRIC llpht in every room— Wlnchetter
Hotel. 44 Third et.. near Market: 700 rooms;
SSc to $1 10 per night; SI 60 to $« per week;
Iree 'but and 1 atiant to and from the ferry.
WHITE ensmel iron beds, eln-rle, three-quarter
or Couble. J2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. !Z\f>-iZ12 Stockton et.. 'iear Broadway.
eCHOOI/ to learn hairdresslnE. hair work. Tf.»n-
Icurinir: private lessons or class. MISS A. V.
POVLK. 1704 Market, bet. Pwk and Van Ness.
GOOD t-ome open for healthy boy and girl
bakW. MRS. UK. Ft'NKE. 1416 ith. Alameda.
JAMES?" Detettlve liureeu. 127 Montgomery »t..
room n; phone !3ush 2S9: charges reasonffble.
MARTIN ¦ LANGLEY, return home or send
-verd : wife prostrated with srrlef.
I'ANTS. tZ: FUits. $€?*.. ORIGINAL MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4C7 Montgomery st.
¦A-J3 W> DERBY and Fedora hat*. II 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. K9 Kecrny Bt.. near Pine,
•KIXGSLAXD Art Colors." for leather, wood
a-*i photos, at all flm-claMi art stores.
Al.L kind* of bamboo fancy wcrk to order
HORISHIMA & CO.. S4S Ellis; tel. Red 131S.
EPRXXO Ftyles 'Standard patterns now ready.
•• Domestic" office. 1C1 Market st. nr. Sixth.
MASQUERADE costume*, play book*, wigs;
country order*. COLI1STE1N & CO.. 733 Mkt.
FfPEnFLVOUS hft!r and moles destroyed with
electric .needle. MISS EATON. lll» Sutter et.
JR. LAS:OTTES French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: SSc: all druggists.
ALFREDfilS Ejrj-ptian Henna: restore* »rray
t-sir tn Us natural color: tl: at all druegists.
niVSICIANS A\D SURGEONS.
in. C. C. O"TX)NNELL— Offlce~and residence,
K214 Market Et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
1 R. WONG HIM. herb doctor, eueeesifully
treats all diseases of the human body: se*
ter- 'menials at office. *1*-*17 Ma-on. nr. Ellis.
-
the great train
on the
SANTA FE
rectors. E. H. SHELDON,
Secretary Oceanic Steamship Company.
Office of secretary. S27 Market St., In the city
and county of San Francisco, State of Cal-
ifornia, . .
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the board of directors of said company, held
on the 19th day of February, 1901. an assess-
ment of ten dollars ($10) per share was levied
upon the capital stock of the corporation, pay-
able Immediately to the secretary at the office
of said corporation. No. 327 Market, St.. in the
city and county of San Francisco v State of
California.' >„
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 23d day of March. 1501.
will be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment is mad-!
before will be sold on Thursday, the 11th day
of April. 1901. to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together with coats of advertising and
expenses of sale. By order of the board of di-
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
OCEANIC "STEAMSHIP COMPANY— Location
of principal place of business, city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collect lens mads;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-19; tel. 55S0.
MATERNITY HOSPITAL, 997 Market st.-La-
dles during confinement w. 10 days' care. $20.
PILES— PETER FREILING'S pile ealve. $1 per
box : warranted to cure all cases of bleeding.
Itching, external. : internal - or protruding
piles without fall, no matter . of how long
standing. 162S Devisadero st.. near Sutter.
LADIES— Chichester English Pennyroyal Pills'
are the best: safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps for particulars; "Relief for
Ladies" In letter by return mail; -at drug-
grists. Chichester Chemical Co.. Philadal., Pa.
THOSE 6 new homes which MTERS & CO.
have for sale are the finest and most up to
date of anything in the house line that has
ever been offered for sale; space will not
permit extolling: their charming qualities;
locations are varied, ranging in price from
$1600 to $4*J>0. from 5 to 9 rooms each; Just
completed and ready for inspection: worth
the trip to Oakland to see them; no thought
or money has been; spared to make these
houses the finest ever offered for sale; easy
terms can be arranged for payments; we
cordially Invite the public to see these prop-
erties whether you purchase or not: car-
riages always at the office for accommoda-
tion of our patrons free of charge. J. S.
MYERS &. CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
SHOO-ORIGINALLY cost $2000; cottage of 5
rooms and bath: high basement; S block;- from
-school, rar-i. stores, etc. ; $300 cash, balance
mortgage; a positive bargain and must be
sold; call early.
J. S." MYERS & CO..
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
S22iO — ONLT 1200 cash ; . brand-new latest deslgm
cottajre; open plumbing; latest in everything;
near local static n. schools, cars and business j
centers; cost $3100 to duplicate; seeing is be-
lieving; call early.
J. S. MYERS & CO..
10C2 Broadway. Oakland.
$;f.'.O FOR a SSOO property In East Berkeley; 2
blocks from station; 5 rooms and bath; con-
venient to everything; gunny and a beautiful '
* neighborhood: we are instructed to sell with-
out reserve; $400 cash. ¦ ~
J. S. MYERS & CO.. :
1002 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND FliRMTlRB FOR SALE.
AN* Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer, Hth and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR" HODSEKEEl'IXG.
BARTLETT, 3C9 (Mission warm belt)— 2 rooms,
kitchen & bath; furn. hkpg.; small garden.
CLEMENTINA. 246—3 furnished rooms for
bnuwkw 1'inft.
FOLSOM. 834— Sunny housekeeping room; stove,
closet, bath; private; $1 SO week.
FOL'RTH. mv— Nice front room., suitable for
housekeeping*. \
FRANKLIN. 21 (The •Xewport)-Bousekeeplng '
rms.; running water, gas; phone Howard 2472.'
GOLDKN GATK ave.. 622 — Sunny bay-window
FUite-. 3 rooms: gas range; running water.
HOWARD. 317—2 rooms, newly furnished, com- !
plcte; also larger room. $10; housekeeping.
HOWARD. JO63H — 2 sunny connecting, comfort-
# ably furn. hkpg. rms.; run. water; $8 per mo.
S TO 5 elegantly and completely furnished
housekeeping rooms, use of piano; phone;
-rarden; nico f-urroundlnjjs; reasonable. 129
Liberty «"t.. Guerrero-st. care. - . I ' '
MCALLISTER. 200n, cor. Central ave.— 2 sunny
rooms furnished for housekeeping ; $10.
MISSION," 1125U— One large front room, house-
keeping, $2. '-'-'
NOE. 153—3 connecting rms. completely furn.;
kitchen, coal range, sink. bath, yard; $1$.
SACRAMENTO, 1314. bet. Hyde and Larkin—
One large nicely furnished room: private resi-
dence; light housekeeping allowed if desired.
SIXTH. 541— Front and back parlor for house-
keeplng. $10; single rooms. $4. - ¦-^¦. : r.'
VAN NESS. 4P2 — Entire upper floor; 3 sunny
furnished rooms; gas stove; no children.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received atCall branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call. advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
ler.cla st.
ROOMS TO LET I'nrn. and Ifnfnrn.
ARGYLE. The (just finished), McAllister St.,
opp. City Hall Park— Select parties with ref-
erences are respectfully invited to Inspect
above premises; sunny suites, with or with-
out baths; also single rooms; electric light;
elevator all night; steam heated: finest read-
ing-room the city on lower floor; liveried
callboys in attendance; every room tasty and
el«-rantly furnished: moderate prices; rooms
thown in the evening.
~ ROOMS TO LET.
A— For rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nfsned, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest in city. «ee ELDER ROOM RENTING
CO.. 21 Kearny et.. tel. 2334 Red.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel In city; polite attend-
ance; large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms r.Oc up; first-class meals 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth-Rooms.
S5c to SI per night; II S3 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old N'o. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, elngle; also unfurnished.
BUSH. 1CS4. near Leavenworth — Elegant suits
of rooms for gentleman only.
CALIFORNIA, 724— Choice rooms; reasonable
rent.
EDDY. $72 — New elegantly furnished rooms, en
suite or single; see them; reasonable.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts.— Sunny rooms, en suite or
elngle; ladies' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
JESSIE. S63. near 5th and Market— Furnished
room, li a month; large rocm, 2 beds, is.
LARKIN. 707. nr. Ellis— Newly furnished sunny
front room. $6; private family in small flat.
MARKET. 1C32— Changed hands; nice sunny
double rooms, $1 25 up.
MARKET. 104SA (The Robinson)— Furnished
suites or single; reasonable. Tel. Howard 108.
MARKET, 3035, opp. Jones— Furnished sunny
rooms, single or double: bath.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly* furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MOSS. 24>4, near Howard— 4 unfurnished rooms'
good yard 'and water; rent $9. •; •-.¦>-
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
OFARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
' offices; elevator: elec. lights: day. wk., mo.
rOST, 943— A nicely furnished alcove, bay-win-
dow room; running water.
ROYAL House. 12« Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
IS; month. $* to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. ': '..,
ROEEDALB House. 319-321 Ellis St.— Rooms.
night. 25c to II; week. 11 25 to 14; open night.
SIXTH. 242— Nicer/ furnished rooms; rent rea-
sonable.
STOCKTON, 707— Single room, suitable for two
young ladies In business during the day; use
of piano. A
TWELFTH. 238G— Elegantly furnished front
and back parlors; grand piano;, ras, bath; in
private family; references.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.. nrt,
Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
BHOTWELL. 121— Furnished front room, $3 60
month. ¦ t
THE BERLIN. 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
elngle rooms; running water: transient.
Qi Illi
is the time
you leave
SAN FRANCISCO
for Chicago
on the
California Limited
FOR property originally costing 15500; 64
feet frontage ; ihouse of. 9 rooms -and bath;
barn with coachman's room; private water
supply on premises ; water fountain: shrub-
bery,' flowers, efco. ; In fact, an ideal home for
a little money; 10 minutes' walk from busi-
ness centers and local trains; terms $$00 cash,
balance bank mortgage: positively, must be
fold; first come first served. J. S. Mi'ERS
& CO.. 1002 -Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
WANTED~Ftuit growers to try Florida Pest
Preventative: guaranteed to prevent scale or
other parasites -from infesting any fruit tree;
an Injection is made in the trunk of the tree
and the upward movement of the sap Impreg-
nates the entire tree, thus making the tree
; obnoxious to all parasites; one box by. mail
postpaid, su fflclent to ' proof , 50 . trees. Jl ; one
proofing lasts 5 years; reference. First Na-
tional Bank, Jacksonville. Fla.; Merchants'
National Bank, Council Bluffs, Iowa. Agents
wanted. Address Florida Pest Preventative
Co.. Great Northern. Larimer" st., Denver,
Colo. —
PERSONALS Continued.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, ¦ from her late resi-
dence. Hi Ellis- street, between Polk street
and Van Ness avenue, where services will be
held, thence to Third and Townscnd streets
by. 11:30 o'clock train. Cremation Cypress
Lawn Cemetery. :
, EjrFrJends and acquaintances are reapect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
. dence, 126 LanKton street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, Tenth street, where a re-
quiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing at 10 o'clock,
; Interment 'Mount Calvary- Cemetery. 1 .-¦
"WILSON— In this city. March 27. 1901. Marian
. Wilson, beloved wife of Herbert \V. Wilson.
' a native of Kentucky, aged 31 years 2 months
' and 23 days. "' "
[uTFriends and accualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the' funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at £ o'clock. . from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White, 122 Eddy street, un-
, der the auspices of .the Longshoremen's Asso-
ciation. Interment" Laurel Hill Cemetery: ';;
WALSH— In this city, March 26, 1901, Arabella,
¦ beloved wife of the late William Walsh, lov-
ing- mother of William C, George J., John
and the late May Walsh, sister of Charles
' and Edward Brown; and ¦ mother-in-law of
Mrs. W. C. Walsh (nee Greggalns), a native
. : of Sydney, N.S.W., aged 66 years 3 months
1CT friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1511' Dupont street, thence to Eln-
trachf Hall, Twelfth street; near Folsom,
where services will be held under | the aus-
pices of Verein Etntracht. Interment Odd
Fellows' Cemetery. .Please omit • flowers.
STAPLETON-In this city, March 26. 1901,
Edward Stapletoix^beloved husband of Lillle
Sta*>leton, a native of Scotland, aged 45
years.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors . of McGinn' Brcs.. 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Rose's Church for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
ROPCKE— In this city. March .25, 1901, Hel-
muth F. Roncke. beloved husband of Maria
Roncke, and beloved father of Helmuth A.
Ropcke and Mrs. Annie Raffeto. a native of
Germany, aged 52 years 4 months and 0 days.
C~7*FrlendB and acquaintances are respect-
: fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of her mother, 1621 Hyde street, thence to
St: Brlgld's Church, where a solemn requiem
! high mass I will be celebrated for the repose
' of her soul, commencins* at 9 o'clock. In-
terment .Holy Cress Cemetery.
OLDFIELD— In this city. March 27, 1901.
Charles Oldfleld, beloved husband of Mattle
Oldfield. and father of Allen and Virginia
Frary, a native of Canada, aged 56 years 1
months • and 23 days. • *
REESE— In this city, March 2G, 1901, Andrew.
1 beloved son of the late George and Catherine
Reese, and brother of Charles, Henry, Alex-
¦. ander, Kitty, Minnie and Julia Reese, a na-
tive cf Santa Clara, aged 29 years 5 months
and C days.
Thlji virgin-blooming flower,
He could not choose but cull
It for His heavenly bower.
CC^Notlce of funeraj hereafter. .
MULLIGAN— Entered into rest, March 27. 1901.
Nellie J., beloved daughter of Elizabeth and
i the late Peter MulllBan. a native of San
• Franciaeo. . ¦ ¦
ICFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 4547 Eighteenth street. Inter-
ment jirivate. ¦ • ¦ * . .
McKINNON— In Oakland, . March 27, 1901, Mrs.
K. McKlnnon, dearly beloved wife of Miles
MeKinnon, mother of Mary and Miles Mc-
, Ktnnon, and sister of Thomas Donnelly and
Mrs. J. Myers, a native of Dundee, Scotland,
ased 32 years and 11 -months. \
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday), at S:43 o'clock. * from his late
residence, 164 . South Park, thence to St.
' Rose's- Church, Brannan street, between
Fourth and Fifth, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing . at 9 o'clock. . In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. ;.<•-.-
MCDONALD — In this city, March 26, 1901.
Thomas George* dearly beloved son of Joseph
and Annie ' E. McDonald, and brother of
Jennie. Edith M. .and Robert J. McDonald.
. aged 4" years 11 months and 24 days. . . :¦ ¦
tCrThe funeral will take place . this day
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his. late
1 residence, 2047 Mission street, near Sixteenth.
Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.- Please
omit flowers.' '¦ . j ¦
KXOX— In Saticoy, Ventura County. March 26,
19C1, • Benjamin F. Knox». beloved husband : of
Pacific Knox, and father of Alice B. and
. Clay, L. Knox. a native of Mlss.ourl, aged 65
years_3 months and 3 days. . \
LAWLER— In Fruitvale, March - 25, 1901, of
diphtheria, Wallace, youngest - son of Frank
W. . and Eleanor Lawier,"--. a ¦ native- - of ¦ San
Francisco, aged 9 years and 2 months.
McCAKTE-In this city. . March 25.. 1901. .Wil-
liam J., eldest eon of Daniel and Mary Me-
. Cart«, and brother of Mary, Sarah. Daniel,
Alexander, John J., Hugh, Archie, Charles
and Arthur McCarte, a. native of' Ireland.
and father of Charles H., iTrederlck W. and
Emelie W. Kewell and Mrs. Minnie J. Fran-
cis, a native of London, England, aged ,71
years 4 months and 29 days. . . .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
A BRANCH offic« for Call advertisements and
cubscriptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia St. -- l •' •. -.: ¦
(NewJesse Moore "AA" whiskey Is used at all the
principal hospitals In the United States. Why
U It? ."
Miss McCann accused Captain Wittman
of assisting Gottlob In ridding himself of
her and says that last November she was
sent to the policeman's office to receive
Oioney. At that place a brother of th*
manager gave her $35. and Wlttman
threatened her with arrest- should sh«
cause any further annoyance.
Miss McCann was accused last Novem
ber for attempted extortion of money from
C. W. Smith of the Redlngton Drug Com
pany, but the warrant waa never served
on her. r
On Tuesday Miss McCann met Harry
L,ask, a notary public and urged him to
bring Gottlob to her. She said she wanted
no money and would make no demands.
A meeting was arranged In the evening
In a Powell-street cafe, and when Lask
and the woman stepped from a side en
trance Police Officer Sylvester. In citizen's
clothes, was on hand and arrested her on
tho orders of Captain "Wittman. She waa
kept In the tanks all night and charged
yesterday with va§rrancy. Her attorney
says he will fight the case and subpena
prominent witnesses. This statement may
cause seme well known citizens to feel
uneasy.
Please give me some little time— an hour— to
speak with you. Advise me as a friend. Start
me a new life in the new century. Let your
wedding day end all my sorrow and be the
bezlnning of a new life to me. Don't lear-2
me forever without speaking to me and wish-
Ing me well. Don't rob me of the memory of
my happy days with you by refusing to wish
me well and parting as good friends. ¦'. ¦••*
• • • My poor, poor mother! How I wish
she was alive. Were she living I would not be
turned out in the streets for room rent and go
to bed hungry, which, has happened more than
one* this winter. It pains me even to tell
you. I passed you On Montgomery street with
Marx one morning early In January. I was
drenched and hungry. I had not supper the
night before and nothing to eat when you met
me. nor a nickel for carfare. • • • • Oh,
Jake, fcr me, poor Clara, to pass you In the
street in such a plight. Only a block to where
all our happy days were passed together. I
mean the old Bush-street Theater. God Is
lov«, kindness and infinite mercy. Be chart*
table, considerate of me. I am alone and so
sorrowful I can hardly write for the big scald
ing tears are blinding me. • • •
Miss . McCann states that she was the
companion of Gottlob for nearly sixteen
years. About a year and a half ago the
two separated, she says. The woman,
hearing of the manager's engagement to
Miss Dannenbaum. wrote him a note on
Monday, telling of her poverty-stricken
condition and of hen wounded feelings.
Portions of the missive are as follows;
Clara McCann Is Held in
Prison Until Gottlob Is
Married.
Miss Clara McCann languished In ¦ the
"tanks" at the Hall of Justice
afternoon ¦while the wedding bells were
ringing for Jacob J. Gottlob, one of the
managers of the Columbia Theater, at
the home of his bride, 2219 California
street. ' The. woman who claims to have
had the manager's affections In the past
craved a parting Interview, but she was
arrested as she left the proposed tryst-
Ing place on Tuesday evening and placed
where she could not mar the brightness
of the festivities that were to occur on
the morrow.
BARS KEEP HER
FROM WEDDING
.¦ Mrs.-.G. Bowers,' whose husband- waa re
cently injured on' the ; water-front, was
given a benefit last night at the Foresters'
Hail by the •: Occidental ¦' Club, of * which
Mr." Bowers . was .. a • member. > The T pro
gramme-consisted • of ; vocal and instru
mental^ music. ' »
'Friends Qiva a ' Benefit.
: Wedding invitations and visiting cards.
Orders received in Stationery Department
and promptly executed In the very latest
style and' at moderate prices. -Sanborn,
Vail & ; Co., 741 Market street, •
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Florence I/Maxon from George W.
Maxon for desertion. Ei'za rsardn*" ?"^m
George F. Gardner for. desertion, "William
P. Callopy from SarahA. Caliopy lOi ue
sertion. Elizabeth I. Sully from John A.
Sully for failure to provide, and Annie E.
Lontrfrom James A. liong for failure to
provide. ., i ¦ - ¦ : •• .
In the . Divorce . Court.'
Yosemite Valley
Via Mariposa Big, Trees and Inspiration
Point is now open for tourists. Tickets
and sleeping car 'reservations at 613 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.'
SACRAMENTO, March 27.— Lee Stan
ley, ex-Sheriff of Sacramento County
committed sulcldo at' an early hour this
morning at the home of his son-in-law
Superior. Judge J. ,M. , Hughes. Judge
Hughes and his wife had been . attending
a card party at the homo of a friend, and
fl' h J"\ J £ he £J eturned the y. were horrified to
nd u M v Stanley Heated in a chair dead.
E h« a h bU ll et & o!e J J? hls h ead and a pistoi
In his hand. Near by on a table were Ink
pen and paper, where he had placed them.'
It is thought, preparatory to inditing a
last message, but he evidently could not
bring, himself to write the , message? and
no_ word was traced on the paper.
There Is; not a man in Sacramento city
or county generally, esteemed than
was Stanley. He began life in Sacra-
m ,™!, < t^ h n r \ 1 £ was a mere settlement arid
througlran the years his name was hon-
S^^ dtl l e p «JL bu ?^confidence in him un
bounded. As Sheriff he ;made- an upright
and capable officer, and in business pur
suits he was likewise' successful.
Mr. Stanley • had been - In 111 health for
several years ! past, and f 'only a few days
hf.f^n W 5fM a PP arei »tly • discouraged over
«u« ?£ !* ? n> he marked to his physi
cian that it was not right to continue on
in that way. Mr. Stanley was born In In
diana and was 67 years of age. .
Special Dispatch" to The Call.
Ex-Sheriff of Sacramento
County Ends Life by
LEE STANLEY'S
TRAGIC PASSING
Senators Bard and Perkins have recently
exchanged views regarding the ; Federal
office in question. It ; appears that, the
principals — Valentine • and Flint— have ¦ ex
pressed to . each other sentiments ;-: of
friendship and' a "desire for compromise.
The Call's information Is to the effect that
Mr. Flint will: hold the office for one, year
longer and will then be succeeded by Mr:
Valentine.
Immediately after the election of
Thomas R. Bard to the United States
Senate L. H. Valentine put in an applica
tion to be appointed United States At
1 torney for the Southern District of Cali
fornia to succeed Frank P. Flint. The
petition In favor of the proposed change
embraced the names of nearly if not all
the members of the Legislature who voted
for Mr. Bard. At first the newly elected
Senator v/as inclined to recommend Mr.
Valentine's appointment, but after reflec-,
tlon * and consultation he did not seem'
anxious to grant the prayer of the petl-"
tloners. While Senator Bard was medi
tating and listening to suggestions from
Serator Perkins, the politicians, in South
ern . California were talcing sides either
for or against the recommendation. , The
friends of the ; change Insisted that Mr.
.Valentine, who occupied the Important po
sition of chairman of the Assembly Ways
and Means Committee, deserved credit for
his manly attitude throughout the pro
longed Senatorial struggle. At the regu
lar session Mr. Valentine . supported Mr.
Bulla's candidacy as long as the latter
was in the field, and then Joined the ranks
of General Barnes' column. At the final
rcund-up in the extra session, when all
the power of corporations and railroad
politicians was exerted to prevent Mr.
Bard from becoming the choice of the Re
publican majority. Mr. Valentine stood
manfully for the honor, of . the State and
sustained the candidacy, of the Venturan.
Many members of the Legislature were
Irdignant when they heard that Senator
Bard had hesitated to vigorously advocate
the. appointment of Mr. Valentine. On
theother hand, many well-known Repub
licans in the south and elsewhere . pro
tested against the proposed change, hold
'ng that Mr. Flint had performed the du
ties'of the office in a manner highly cred
itable to the Federal service, and that on
account of his ability and integrity should
bo retained In office. Stories that Mr.
Flint went to Sacramento during the con
test to help the railroad were promptly,
refuted.' The facts were disclosed -that
the United States Attorney for the South
ern District was In Sacramento but five
hours. and while there did not In any man
ner seek to influence a vote for or against
any. candidate. > , .
Senators Bard and Perkins
Adjust Controversy in
the South.
LONG FIGHT FOR
FEDERAL OFFICE
,*EZ in ? out the weeds growing in our
neighbor s yard we would better our
selves and ennoble the world. I am try
ing to better myself, to uplift myself, to
be. true to myself. That is one of the
reasons, why I allow no intoxicating
drink in my home and feel I have no
right to permit It to be sold or served In
properties that I own."
Mrs. Drexler has not come to the con
clusions she now professes hastily. Sho
has considered the practical side of tho
question as well as the spiritual side.
"I know," she said, "that I can got
bigger rents from liquor dealers than
from any other class of tenants. In re
fusing to accept them I am sacrificing
myself financially."
Mrs. Drexler represents no club or
party in the stand she has taken In the
temperance movement. She Is not a
member of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union or any other woman's club.
She is a woman of strong opinions and
with the courage of her convictions. She
Is young, charming and attractive and In
dependently rich.
; While not a society woman in the usual
ly accepted meaning 1 of the phrase, she
2 s .entertained extensively and during
the lifetime of her husband her Vam Ness
avenue mansion was the scene of many
gatherings of literary and artlatlc people.
The commonplace never had any charm
for Mrs.^Drexler and only the highest and
noblest have ever appealed to her.
Lomis P. Drexler. whose many millions
his young wife inherited, passed away at
his \ an Ness-avenue residence In Au
gust. 1899. He was one of the best known
capitalists of the State. In nearly even
direction of commercial enterprise he was
Interested and In every line did his
energy, Industry and honesty cause him to
thrive and prosper. He was especially
successful as a miner, stock raiser and
vineyardlst and Invested largely ir. real
estate. Although he Interested himself
in various concerns he had most pride in
his magnificent Fresno vineyard, in which
he had invested $300,000.
n< D !T d ? r ll^, 8 - fortun e which reached
nearly to the four million mark and the
bulk of which was inherited by his widow
'It is premature to discuss the question
at present," she said. "I fear that pub
licity at the present immature state ot
my plans may harm the cause I wouM
serve and perhaps antagonize the people
I am prepared to encounter many ob-
"I am in earnest In thl= matter and un
changeable. I have *he kindest feeling
toward you. but do not care to have wines
or any Intoxicating 'iquors sold directlv
or indirectly in any of my buildings."
Mrs. Drexler refuses to discuss her
motives in the cause of temperance or
the reasons that have brought her to
her present decision. • --
All of the dealers whose business has
caused them to fall under the displeasure
of Mrs. Drexler have bet*n for many years
the tenants of the ladv and of her late
husband before her. N. H. Campbell has
occupied his present quarters in the Front
street building for the past thirty years.
Leisen & Co. have been Drexler tenants
for more than five years: Hermann Gcr-i
ken for two years, and Spieling for more
than seven years. Each and every, one
of these people have been treated with
the utmost conslderat-o,; by Mrs. Drexler.
They have been told that while they ar"
no longer desirable tenants. -still they will
be given ample lime to move. To one of
the tenants, who made a written appeal to
the lady that she reconsider her decision
she wrote: . ¦ .
All Old Tenants.
in the liquor traffic that the premises they
occupy must be vacated within a reason
able time. A notice to this effect was
served upon the tenants several days ago
and all appeal to Mrs. Drexler to recon
sider her decision has proved without
avail. N. H. Campbell, 402 Front street;
Leisen & Co., 222 Clay street: ¦ Henry
Spiering. 314 Front street; Hermann Ger
ken, 400 Front street, and S. H. Tyler &
Son, 308-314 Front street, are among those
whom Mr. McCall, agent for Mrs. DreK
ler. has notified that it would be desirable
for them to leave the premises they now
occupy. All who have received notice. are
engaged in the liquor traffic in one form
or another with the exception of the firm
of S. H. Tyler & Son. dOS-314 Front street.
Mr. Tyler has sublet T.e of the Drexler
stores to Spiering, a saloon . man, and
unless he agrees that Spiering vacate the
place he (Tyler) will no lenger be consid
ered as a desirable tenant and his request
for the renewal of his lease will be de
nied.
LATE CAPITALIST AND HIS CHARMING WIDOW. WHO HAS FINALLY DECIDED THAT NO WINES NOR IN
tSat C^t'b E I 'owxe R d O bv^: Y r . KI - ND MAY BE SOLD DIRECT^ ° R g tot Bmu.mo ,
About fifty maehfne hands tn the ship
yards were laid off vesterday. with the
understanding that they will alternate
with the. fifty still at work, each set work-
Ing two days and laying off two days
The fitters point this out as an Illustration
of the way in which the whole shipyard
will gradually be tied no unless the
•handy men' are sent back to the work of
common laborers.
In a nutshell." one of the strikers said
yesterday, "we are trying to preserve the
integrity of our trade and to protect our
positions for the future. About fifty
'handy men' are employed In the ship
fitting department. They get from $1 to
32 25 per day. Our wages are from $3 to
S3 50. A* fast as these men. who are
taken off the trucks and from bolting-up
wnrk and such laborers' employment are
able to do portions of fitting they are set
»t It. displacing the skilled mechanics
Just as soon as the present rush of work
is over there will be a lot of men laid
off. and It will be the fitters at the top
wages. The 'handy men' are the ones
who will be kept at work. The only pro
tection for us lies fn striking at the root
of the trouble. If the laborers are left
at their work, unler.s they are willing to
«erve an apprenticeship, and competent
flttere are to do the fitting our
positions will be safe. Otherwise we may
just as well get out of the trade or go
elsewhere at once, for we will be crowded
out by the cheaper men."
Strikers Feared Discharge.
"This Is not saying that any threat 1?
made." said Mr. Scott. "None has beer
made. This strike is regarded as be'
of too little importance to call for «-•
threats. We are having no confer^
with the strikers. We do not talk to r~ n
who are not in our employ. Had they
come to us before adopting the hasty and
jash course of striking we would "have
given their grievance careful considera
tion. Many cf the mf n who are now str'k
ing to compel the transfer of the 'handy
men' from the fitting department learned
the trade themselves as 'handy men.' and
now they want the. opportunity they en
.i'jyed denied to other men. The appren
tices are reouired Ut work but 300 days of
the year. That gives them a considerable
leeway outside the holidays and Sundays
of the year. They are not penalized for
loss of time if they work the 300 days."
The fitters and apprentices are confident
of success, but say that they will give up
the trade rather than ,70 back to work un
der conditions as they exist at present.
No Threats Made.
In regard to those cruisers, Henry T.
ficott said yesterday that the belief of the
titters that those contracts would operate
to coerce the builders to grant the de
mands of the strikers was a mistaken
one. He points out that the Union Iron
Works was the lowest bidder in each case
and hence is at liberty to build the
cruisers wherever it sees fit. Had the
contracts be*n given under the "4 per cent
clause" of the Congressional act, to in
jure the building of two cruisers on the
Pacific Coast at a cost of not more than
4 per cent more than the lowest bid the
vessels would have to be built. on the Pa
cific Coast. As it Is they may be built
.on the Delaware or anywhere else the
builders may choose.
The steamship Spokane, for the Alaskan
trade, is scheduled to be launched Satur
day, but yesterday the riveters refused
to rivet the bilge ke«l and the launching
may not take place on the date set. Ma
chine riveting: cannot be trusted on the
bilge ke* a l and pang after gang of the
riveters have refused to touch the work
fitted by the "handy men."
The great steamship Alaskan, the largest
ever built on the coast, was practically
deserted by the mechanics yesterday
The slip occupied by it and that occupied
by the Spokane are needed for the build-
Ing of the two armored cruisers, the con
tract? for which are held by the Union
Irnn Works.
Launching May Be Delayed.
The Boiler Makers' and Iron Shipbuild
ers' L'nion. to which the riveters belong,
held a special meeting last night at the
Pctrero Opera-house, but nothing definite
was decided upon. Another special meet
ing wrtl probably be held not later than
to-rcorrow night.
The riveters are giving the strikers their
support. The Fhipyards of the Union Iron
"Work? given tteady employment to about
3H0 riveters, with 150 "holders-on" and 100
boy helpers. The riveting is done al
most entirely by piece work, instead of by
th<? day. Af* fast as the riveters reach
work fitted by the "handy men" instead
of the fitters they are refusing to touch it.
CJang after gang has quit work for that
TTpapon. until about !<*> of them, with ap
proximately another lty "holders-on" and
bnys. are laying cff.
Th»» "handy men," or helpers, who. after
a few years of irregular work at fitting,
are gradually shoved ahead until they
do the work of Journeymen fitters, are the
<-euf-e of all the trouble. The employes
say that If skill is to count In their trade
this custom must be discontinued and the
"handy men" put back at their trucks or
•wherever they were previously employed
as common laborers. The employers
say that no mechanic or set of mechanic?
In their service has the right to say who
eha.ll or who shall not be employed.-
Tho striking shlpfltters and apprentices
of the L'nlon Iron Works say that by
Monday the riveters will be off on a
strike in sympathy with theirs and that
ultimately the shipyards, a • $10,000,000
plant, will be closed down ilnless their
Erievancw are righted. The Scotts # naake
light of the strike and say that except
for the encouragement of newspaper no
toriety the dissatisfied mechanics would
have been back at work ere this.
MRS. ELISE I\ DREXLEK,
widow of the millionaire vlne
yardist, Lomis P. Drexler. is ab
solutely and entirely opposed to
the use an-1 sale of wines and
iquors, and because of her deep-roof.ed
nd honest convictions the lady has given
iotice to her tenants who are engaged
"I am in earnest in the matter and
unchangeable. £ hold the kindest
feeling toward you, but do not care
to have wines or any intoxicating
liquor's sold, directly or indirectly, in
any of my buildings."— Letter writ
ten by Mrs. Drexler to one of her
tenants.
"As for the people I have asked to.va
cate my premises I am prepared to show
them every courtesy. I feel friendly to
ward them. I am sure that if they were
in a position to engage In any other busi
ness than the liquor traffic that they
would gladly do so. I despise no one fnr
what they. do. I believe that if we
would devote our time to picking out th*
weeds in our own little garden insteaa
Feels Friendly Toward Tenants.
stacles In my work and suffer many hard
ships. To accomplish, much I must suf
fer much.
Mrs. Elise Drexler Notifies Wine Dealers That They
flay Not Remain on Her Premises^
NO LIQUOR MAY BE S0LD
IN BUILDING OWNED BY HER
TOO MANY WOMEN
IN DEPARTMENT
Director Denman Believes
• More Male Tutors Are d
"Desirable.
. • ' ¦ ¦ . ¦ • ¦ ¦ ¦
Board of. Education Appoints Forty
Census Marshals — Superintendent
Webster Files Estimate of
Funds Required.
, After the meeting of the Board of Edu
cation had adjourned yesterday morning
Director Denman expressed the opinion
that there were too manj women teachers
In the School Det»artment at the present
time. Denman contends that In schools
¦where : boys predominate men pedagogue*
. should be employed In greater numbers.
This opinion had somethinff to do with
¦the rejection of Miss Morton's application.
She sought promotion from the vice
principalship to the prlncipalship of the
Hamilton Grammar School, to which A.
E. Kellogg was appointed.
Denman deplores the fact that some
grammar schools are without male teach
ers and in future says he will voto to place
men at the head of Important classes,
Denman's convictions, however, are not
shared by his three colleagues, so It Is
safe to say that no radical changes will
be made.
The resolution compelling teachers to
serve a probationary term of three years
was voted down by the board.
The following named census marshals
were appointed to assist Chief Ellert In
taking the census? of school children at a
salary of $5 per day each:
Thomas F. Dolan, William S. Mulvln. Philip
M. Wand. J. J. Finn, Daniel Ryan, William J.
Forde, M. Farrell, Joseph Goffer. Edward
CGara. Frederick B. Pierce. Charles W. Ar
magrer. James Smith, "William Paige. Thomas
0 Moran. Daniel Ward, Thomas J. Forde, George
J. Berger, L.. A. Werz, Fred R. Dutz,» William
P. George, <M. Bloom, D. F. Moran. ' Joseph
Mount. R. L. Park, Ella M. Sexton, B. A.
Harrison, M. A. Game, Bert Spear, William
Mackey. T. P. O'Neal. James Haslett. W. J.
Donlon. A. Doyle, Benjamin B. P. Smith, Jerry
Sullivan. Samuel Barron.C. S. Bennett. F. H.
Uoyd. A. A. Oliver. Thomas F. Meagher. M.
Lasky, Edward Klnucane and Dorsan Nichols.
The action taken by the board In' ap
pointing A. E. Kellogg principal of the
Hamilton Grammar School on April 1 was
rescinded- and the appointment mad» to
take efTect June 1. 1901. i
An exhibit of the drawing now complet
ed by the pupils of the San Francisco
public schools and high schools will be
forwarded to the Iowa Stafe University.
Principals were authorized to promote
pupils from the A section to the B section
of a class on the term standing combined
with an examination by the principal.
Leave of absence wa.9 granted to Miss
Ruth G. Campbell.
Superintendent of Schools "Webster filed
his estimate of the expenditures for the
maintenance of the School Department
¦with the Auditor yesterday. For salaries
the sum of $1,072,556 will be required, of
which $984,000 is for teachers and $52,000
for janitorial service. Other expenses, ex
cluding- repairs and permanent improve
ments, aggregate $75oO; books for school
libraries and indigent . children, $10,000;
census and fuel, $11,300; furniture. Includ
ing pupils' desks. $S(500. Other items brintj
the total for supplies to $94,155; repairs,
Including vaults imperatively needed. $78.
115; permanent improvements. $30,500
Grand total. $1,273,226.
.If bonds for constructing new school
houses do not issue Webster savs new
buildings should be provided for as fol
lows: Burnett School. $70,000; Noe Valley.
$35,000: Park School. $3000: Sunnysid©
School. $6000; Washington School. $189,000
• Superintendent - Reddy estimates that
j $85,000 will.be needed for thf. maintenance
1 of the Almshousa and- Pcundkeeper Wal-
I ton wants l$13 ,300.
Eleht million cartridges were taken to
Peking two years a^o. and constant addi
tions have been made.
Ken Say Shipyards Will Have to
Close Down by Monday Unless
Their Demands Are
Granted.
Refuse to Touch Work Fitted
by "Handy Men" of the
Union Iron Works.
RIVETERS GIVE
STRIKERS AID
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, THURSDAY, MARCH 28,; 190 IV
12
Between Taylor and Jones.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
Point Venise trimming, in ecru
or tan, one to two inches wide,
12j/jc yard for 20c quality: 15e
yard for 25c quality; dozen "different
designs.
0 -4- JX Q Children's p i q uc
m\ I auL/*| capes, made with
¥* - * • va triple cape effects,
all lined and trimmed with th- es
ruffles of deep embroidery; regu-
lar $2.50 value.
A Lace Special.
Buy These Quick.
' Ladies' gowns, made of srood mus-
lin, sailor collar, neatly O ft
trimmed; all sizes on sale; ij J# /J
only 2 to, each customer." *^
2 Wrapper Specials.
. £% fl '¦'. Ladies' percale wrap-
r% *y /J pers, flounced and trim-
*•**•*.*•* med; regular $1.00 qual-
ity.
th <4 , 4O ¦ J"*- Wrappers made of
i\ilSr% best percale bre-
1T ' '**y telles, collar and
sleeves trimmed with ; linen, lace,
made with deep flounce and cut ( cx-
tra wide; regular price .$1.75. '
''^J IT for waists made of Rood
£ mj f} percale, pretty patterns;
--' -regular 50c quality.
*] JZ Waists made of- fancy
/ HfV? lawns and dimities, new-
* 'est styles; regular $1.25
( , quality.
ft O White waists made of
Jjrj /J best lawn, daintily trim-
*^ *^ med, eight different
styles; regular $1.50 values.
¦ ...... . W ¦ —
Ladies' Shirt Waists
A Few Good Things
P. BOSCOB If eJfCLTT. M. D.
a«Ji KearnySt, SnnFrancbco.CsJ
DR.MQNULT7/
THISWISI^KNOWN AND RKLI ABLE OLD
¦L .Specialist cure* Blood Polaon. Gonorrnc»a,ateet,
, t ,F c i t !£!'» "era'nal Weafcnesn. Impotence and tbatr
allied Disorders. Book on Diseases of Men. free.
?ZVJ°,7 e » r »l«P«r'ence.Tenas reasonable. Hoorm
Jloadally ;a:30to8.30eT t gs. 8anday», 10 to 12. Consul-
tation freeaad sacredly confidential Can or addrtsa
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
Tooth Powder
Dr. Lyon's
89 STOCKTON ST., neap Market.
-TELEPHONE NEVER **BCSY."
MAIN 55S2.
N'apa County Vintage. 1S3S.
Regularly 50c.
BRANDY, Per Bottle 75c
10 Tears Old. 3 Bottles »2 oo
Gallon - S3 OO
Regularly $1 flO Bottle; Gallon. *4 CO.
CIGARS £hlld*-Hale-
viv/\no, Renown-Punch
Well-Known Brands 7 for 25c.
An up-to-date Delicatessen Department xaist
supervision of Experienced Chef.
All Good Things for Lenten Lunches gerved.
Choice Point Reyes Creatnerr.
Regularly 35c Square.
GRAPE-NUTS, ££> kW9 25c
A Food for Brain and Xerve,
Regularly 15c.
NAVEL ORANGES, doz 25c
California'^ Finest Production.
WALNUTS, R?f5 s heii. i2* c
l*rg<s White and Meaty.
Regularly 13c.
SARDINES, KnTortat.cn 20c
Jeanne D'Arc Bouarnenez.
J Regularly 23c
CLARET, per Gal 40c
BUTTFR Two
DUl l&n, squares
EIGHT GOOD BARGAINS
THURSDAY-FRIDAY-SATURDAY
SPECIAL SALE
HaJe'a.
H&le'f.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
taaBMMMiaBaaBaMHK»MMMMBnMMBMnBHMaaaMa^Hi^MKau3BaHaBKaBMMaaHaMMnMBiicr
More Than 10,000 pieces
{Are ready when doors open.
he I accumulation of the past month's unusual sell-
ing. You'll find among them yardage goods of every sort-
Dress Goods Laces Sheetings
'Silks Trimmings Musiin
ye/yets Embroideries Wash goods
Linings Veilings Silkoline
Ribbons Linens
In other departments we've culled out sll the small lots and stray lines
— among which are V
Odd pairs of Laoe Curtains; Muslin Underwear;
Broken sizes in Child's . Ladies' Stockings;
Hosiery; . * Ladies' Knit Underwear,
These have been re-marked and placed on remnant tables.
On some you save a quarter,
others a third, on many
a full half.
Loss? Yes, but bipr as it is it's only a fraction of a per cent of the
business done when lines were full. There is sure to be dross .when lead
is Avorked. There'll always be remnants where scissors are used.
We limit the selling to two days; to-day and to-morrow. Our ad-
vice is: Come to-day, and before noon, if you can, to get the best selec-
tions.
Hairdressing and Manicuring Dep't.
Special mention of facial cream.
Our hairdressinsr and manicu ring parlors on mezzanine floor is one
of the interesting sections of the store. The work done there is of the
very highest class. To more forcibly demonstrate that fact we are
Givin*v?ree facial treatment this week
to all patrons troubled with blotches, black heads, pimples, eczema, etc
It's a preparation used and carefully put up by our expert.
> ¦<
Market Street, near Sixth, opp. Golden Gate are.
Cash orli/Hf at a^time 'f^r^^^
CHAMBER SUITES. I
; sr low€r , than th9>w * .
THE J; NOOl>JAN FURNITURE CO., Inc.,
1OI7.1O33. /nisSION STREET.
I. Abov « Sixth. San Francisco.' ¦ ¦ ¦ '
i^^^^^ "VAN VROOM" I
I PAINLESS DENTISTRY! I
L^ v "itf '•a,»> > -*»"/o i &.,,. _? ••* : ii^s
Is our spring line of fine shoes < V!^ : : '' /' .. ' : i
for men and women. In this . : V^sS Q*-C**?$ %zi*j