PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAH FRANCISCO, MONDAY; JULY 29, 1901.
VOLUME XC-NO. 59.
-Continued ¦ on- Page > Two.
Munificent Gift to the Church.
LpNDON, July r 2S.— Baron Mount Ste
phen" announces ; a gift of. £40,000 to the
Presbyterian church i of Scotland, the In
come to* go . to the ministers I In*' his native
district of r'Abordeenshire and Banffsni:re.
It would be regarded as a confession from
Schley's ¦ friends that the'. indictment, as
the precept Is called, : Is a verdict to be
acted upon -by the: President. '-' • •¦.¦¦;'.
1 This would be a serious misrepresenta
tion of -Schley's , position*. , He has not
found: fault with the precept. It contains
only ; the i charges^that have -been made i
against him and which he desires. to have
investigated by. the Court of Inquiry. 4 The
court' was ; demanded ¦ by ; him ' and' const!-'
tuted > by the •• Navy Department because
he , had the right' to demand.an'investiga
tion by his 'brothers: in "arms. ... •
' /Champions, of f; Schley.:; who ; are : urging
millions i of > people '. to :" write : to the Presi- (
dent regarding', the' case are injuring
hero's '. reputation '', more f,",than'V those ».who
made the original complaints^against him.
They/ are '¦, casting I a 'i suspicion a on ;" Schley
that ' he i needs { pardon,', for ' pardon 'is;: the
only, thing. which can' be : asked; for inpeti
tlons relating .to; such ;casea... , . /
SCHLEY HAS TBTTMP , CABDS.
-• SALT LAKE;; July 28.— The Herald '.. to
morrow will print, the ¦following: :y V "
¦ BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
WASHINGTON, . July ; 28.-
VV ji Some of Admiral Schley'scham
-y pions are getting on dangerous
ground. They are urging the peo
ple to send letters to the President de
manding) protection, for Schley, from = the
Court of Inq'ulry and the indictment niade
by the Secretary of the /Navy v Schley re
i quested the Court of Inquiry, and Secre
tary Long in the precept brought together,
the charges that have been made against
the rear /admiral as,' subjects'; for I a''- full
investigation. The President has no power
over. the court.- ¦/ ' ; \
There Is .only one stage in the develop
ment of such a case '.where 1 , the President
can interpose his executive prerogative/ He
has the power to grant pardons in case of
conviction. Schley's friends would : make
serious mistake to . petition : for. the Presi-'
dent's interference.* It would be regarded ;
as a petition for the President i to".»Inter
pose executive clemeiicyjn an Illegitimate,
way. and pardon admiral .without giv
ing him the trial which he has demanded. V
¦"!"¦¦¦ ?-"• ¦¦'..- ..'¦'.¦•
."''¦ Captain ¦ Thomas' F.' Schley, eldest son of
Admiral Winneld, S. Schley, who is sta
tioned at Fort Douglass In "this city, yes
terday, outlined some points that will be
brought out in the Court of Inquiry as to
his father's -conduct' at the battle of 'San
tiago.; He declared r that -^ some': startling
facts will be brought to light if^the whole
truth"; shall -become known and that the
reputations of ; persons other, than his
father -are likely to. suffer. ¦;.' . _.- '< •
-' "I have just written to my father," said
Captain; Schley, yesterday ," "that I thought
he : ought ; to spare nobody, and that; he
should, withhold norie r of the facts In his
possession; .about Admiral Sampson ,'* or.
anybody, else.!' ,. ; •
'.'^Captain .'Schley 'is an. officer -of th9
Twenty-third -Infantry;; in command ; at
Fort' Douglass. ; Although ' he has not had
a letter from his father since ithe Court
of Inquiry\was ordered lie is familiar with
thie" question at Issue, "and- pointed 'out
IN AN Interview with a Call correspondent at Washlngrton last ¦Wednesday, Chief Crovrnlnshleld of the
Bureau of navigation said In reference to the Schley-Sampson. controversy :. -
"I am glad that the controversy is at last to be ended. I am also glad thet nn opportunity may be
presented for submitting of evidence. to the court which will establish whether the item. 'Bureau of
Fabrication,' applied by. some partisans to this bureau, Is a proper one for the Burean of Navigation." i
Cro wninshlcld also insisted tho i\Ms bureau has been entirely fair throughout the whole discussion.
In view, of Crowninshield's recent utterances it will be interesting to note that the July reffister
of the United States navy/designates "in italicn "the 'nameVof a large number of officers' .who have' been ad- '
vanced for, war service In the war with Spain or, other war service. '.• Of those thus prominently' desig
nated.five are rear admirals, twelve. captains, twenty-one, commanders, twelve lieutenant commanders, '
fourteen lieutenants, seven junior lieutenants, one ensign, one; Burgeon, two > paymasters, one naval
constructor, one gunner and two marine offleera. There Is one apparent' omission in?thls*. list ; in that,'
the name of George Dewey^Kb. 1 on the. register, appears In. ordinary type, and It is. commonly ..be-'
lleved that he distinguished- himself in the war with Spain, thereby gaining the rank of admiral. The
register is under the immediate supervision of the Bureau of Xavigation, and it Is possible that Rear
Admiral A. S. Crowninshield, chief of the bureau, has some good reason' for the apparent' slight to Ad
miral George Dewey. ¦¦¦¦• ¦¦'¦:¦ :,
CROWNINSHIELD FAILS TO CLASS ADMIRAL DEWEY
AMONG THE OFFICERS ADVANCED FOR WAR SERVICE
MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEABANCE
OF A SACK OF SILVE3
Vanishes Over Night From Outside
Vault of Commercial National
Bank of Chicago.
i CHICAGO. July 28.— A sack of 1000 silver
dollars has mysteriously disappeared from
the Commercial National Bank. It had
been left outside of the vault by mistake
when the bank closed for the night.
This is the second strange disappear
ance of a package of money belonging to
this bank within a year. Detective's are
BtUl looking for a bundle of $20,000 in bills
shipped by the bank with the Adams Ex
press Company to the National State
Bank at Burlington, Iowa, August 17
last. When the package was opened at
Burlington It contained only clippings of
paper.
ET7BOPEAN TOTJBISTS
MEET WITH MISHAPS
One of Them Falls Six Hundred Feet
Into a Valley While Picking: ~'
'Edelweiss. ( ''
GENEVA, July 28.— Frederick Horrll,
while picking edelweiss, fell GOO feet Into
a valley. V,.
LUTERBRUNNER, July 28.— Herr Wur
ster, the Austrian tenor, while descend
ing the Faulhorn, fell over a precipice
and lodged In a tree fifty feet down. . He
was rescued without being seriously hurt
LONDON. July 29.— According to a dis
patch from Berne to the Daily Mail, Ar
thur Copel Davis, a London shipowner,
while climbing last Friday to" the Dolden
horn Clubhouse, fell over a rock 300 feet
high. __l^_— _ ~-
Will Admit Women to the College.
CHICAGO. July 28.— The Rush Medical
College, it was announced to-day, has de
cided co-education will be , introduced in
the medical school. Hereafter women will
be admitted to the freshmen and sopho
more classes on a equal footing with men.
A Cougar Jumps Into Her
Wagon and the Horse
Runs Away.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA. July 28.— Miss Mary E. Bow
ler, aged 22 years,, of Cavendish, Idaho,
had a thrilling experience last week with
an enormous cougar. The details of the
story reached here to-day.
Accompanied by several other members
of her family, Miss Bowler had been out
picking fruit in a rented orchard several
miles from any house ¦ and on a ranch
which was not occupied. The family lives
In a newly settled country, which is thick
ly wooded. About sunset the young wom
an started home in a light wagon partly
filled with fruit baskets. She was to pre
pare supper, leaving the rest of the fam
ily to follow, with a lumber wagon an hour
later. *
About a half-mile beyond the orchard
the young woman was ' startled to see an
Immense cougar creep out of the brush
within ten feet of her wagon. Her horse
shied and began running. The road being
rough the horse could not make very fast
progress. The cougar started to race,* and
within five minutes had jumped into the
wagon, leaving . only a light seat sepa
rating him from, Miss Bowler.
Realizing that her life depended upon
her presence of mind, Miss Bowler seized
her whip, which fortunately had 'a heavy
handle. With this she repeatedly struck
the cougar over the head, sometimes. with
the lash/and at other times with. the butt
end. With her left hand she, guided the
frightened horse, which. broke into a gal
lop, drawing the wagon- over, stones and
stumps, which fact, contributed -to. Miss
Bowler's success in . warding off the in
furiated beast, since the latter was in
danger of being dashed out of the vehicle.
Miss Bowler's object was to keep, the
cougar from Jumping over the seat beside
her until her ' home should : be reached,
when she felt sure he would jump out.
Her thrilling ride • lasted ' for • over two'
miles. At the ; edge of the woods,., where
her home - came into view, • the . cougar
leaped from the wagon-- '-- •¦ -- - •
Chief Executive Has No Power Over the Naval Court • of
Inquiry, and to Grant the Admiral Pardon-Prior to ;In|
vestigation Would Be a Confession: # Guilt by Accused
OFFICERS OF THE NAVY, WHO TOOK *A , PROMINENT ..• PART IN THE DESTRUCTION OF CEVERA'S FLEET, \
WHO NOW DEFEND ADMIRAL 1 SCHLEY; FROM THE 'CHARGES OF COWARDICE DURING THAT. MEMOR
ABLE BATTLE.- AND THE OF, THE BUREAU OF NAVIGATION.',. . ' ' .,
BRAVE WOMAN
BATTLES WITH
FIERCE BEAST
Exciting Adventure of a
Girl Near an Idaho
Ranch.
Special Dispatch to The, CalL
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 28.— Bruised
by a beating and emaciated from absolute
starvation for five days, a Japanese fiiih-
Vrman was brought to this city to-day. He
was picked up by an. Indian fisherman
from a small and uninhabited island lying
between here and Nanaimo.
i The Japanese was carried to the hospi
tal here and will probably regain jis
health in a week. He was. insane when
found and was vainly trying to batter
down the walls of the cabin where he Iiad
been confined on the little island where
he was marooned. The Japanese was in
a horrible condition: He told his story
through an interpreter to the police t!.iis
afternoon. . ¦ ,
Last Sunday he left Steveston in a flsh
ing boat and was. out all that night and
all day Monday.' On Monday night he 'says
he was met by a boatload of white fisher
men, who told him to quit fishing. . He
saw them again after he had pulled in
some fish. They were angry with him lor
fishing on account of. the strike which was
at. that time being settled. v They struck
him on the head and when he became ccn
scious he found that his boat was gone,
having been sivashed in and sunk, and- his
net and oars had been cut up and thrown
overboard. On Tuesday morning 'they
landed ; him on ; a rocky island just wost
of Bowen Island and well out of the way
of -any passing | boats.
The captors put him in a little. shanty
and • there he ; remained • almost unable ; to
move. He remembers '¦ trying to get* cut
arid obtain some water. \ Then he became
weaker and the third and fourth days lay
on, the ground. most of the time. .Occa
sionally he /saw a fishing* boat away v In
the distance but was : unable to give any
signal, r There is '-no 'clew, to the perpetra
tors, of -the marooning.. V ; .
Brutal Captor3 Leave Him
on a Barren Rock Near .
Nanaimo.
Marooned Japanese Is
Found by an' Indian .
Fisherman.
INSANE ON HIS
ISLAND PRISON
MARAUDING
BOERS INFEST
CAPE COLONY
— • . .
Small Parties Scattered
Throughout Upper
Districts.
British. "War Secretary Tries
to Prevent Publication of
News of the War.
Act as Mediator.
.United States Embassador Choate
Said to Have Left for Holland at
the Hequest of Kruger to .
CAPB TOWN. July 28. — Boers ar» scat
tered throughout the upper districts of
Cape Colony in small marauding parties.
Some are -within a few miles of Indwe.
Others are around Jamestown and be
tween Molteno and Burghersdorp. Sev
eral parties are close to Cradock. It is
reported that among Steyn's captured
documents letters were found regarding
a plan for Generals Dewet and Delarey
to Join forces in making a dash into Cape
Colony.
Replying to an appeal to the Mayor
that members of the Duke of Edinburgh's
volunteer rifles, the local corps, be re
leased from active duty after twenty
months' service, Lord Kitchener has
pointed out that the present disturbed
f tate of the colony makes any reduction
of the strength difficult and most unde
sirable. ' ,
Caves Vacated by Boers.
PRETORIA. July 28.— From July 1 to
July 22 the number of Boers captured,
wounded or surrendering was 1068. Caves
that were occupied by the Boers have
been discovered in t*he Lydenburg dis
trict. They were hurriedly vacated by
the occupants when the British ap
proached. The caves were well furnished
and stocked with provisions. A quantity
of silks and satins was also found In
them, and it Is supposed that these were
looted from stores.
A military census will be taken on July
SX. Colonel Garrett in a skirmish near
Vereeniging captured twenty-nve Boers
and a number of cattle and wagons.
Broderick Withholds News,
rx3KTK>2C Juir 29.-r-Tfa» - Dally ; Mall
makes the following statement to-day:
"In consequence of the Dally Mall's publi
cation of the fact that the Boers killed
British wounded at Vlakfontein all cables
from the correspondent who made the
charges have since been suppressed."
It also asserts that Mr. Brodrlck, the
War Secretary, Is using the Dally Mail's
publication of Lord Kitchener's new plan
of campaign as an occasion for "the in
sinuation that we obtained the news of
Lord Kitchener's scheme by purloining
documents at the War Office," and has
cut off the Daily Mail's daily list of casu
alties, having also informed the Dally
Mail in writing that he hajd •warned the
news agencies under contract with the
Daily Mail not to supply the paper with
casualty lists or other official news.
Choate as a Mediator.
United States Embassador Choate has
left London for Holland, says the Dally
Express, not for a holiday, but, bo rumor
states, at the Invitation of Mr. Kruger,
¦who desires him to act as mediator In
bringing about a settlement. ':J".\ ¦'¦*
It would naturally Ire supposed that a
settlement could not take place without
the Irrepressible Dr. Leyds, but if Choate
has gone to Holland, Dr. Leyds has left
the country for Brussels, starting Satur
day.
No importance is attached to this rumor
by the Dally Express, for the paper refers
to It editorially In a facetious vein as a
"South African gooseberry-'
Crispi in Worse Condition.
NAPLES. July 28.— The bulletin issued
late" to-night 'regarding the condition of
Signor - Crtspi says the heart trouble • is
Thirteen Thousand Claims Are to Ba .
Distributed and Registrations
Number One Hundred and '.\f^tS
Seventy Thousand. f»
Eli RENO, O. T., July 28.— All la ex
pectancy to-night among the thousands of
homeseekers here over the grand land lot
tery that begins to-morrow., There are
13,000 claims to be distributed, and so eaca
of the 165,865 persons who have registered
during the past flteen days have about one
chance' In thirteen of winning. It Is a long
shot, but every one apparently feels con
fident of being numbered among the
lucky, and in consequence good nature
prevails.
The scene lacks the great excitement of
the "run" which has heretofore been a
part of other land openings In this part of
the country, but the last act in the throw-
Ing open to settlement of the Kiowa-Co
manche reservations will not be without
life and animation. The drawing will
take place In the center of the city and
will be witnessed by thousands of people.
It will be accomplished on a large plat
form in the open around which the slop
ing hillsides form a natural amphitheater.
A commission appointed last week by Sec
retary Hitchcock and composed of "Will
iam A. Richards, assistant commissioner
of the general land office, and who has
had charge of the registration; D. P. Dy
er of St. Louis, former United States Dis
trict Attorney, and Frank Dale, ex-Chief
Justice of Oklahoma.
Anxiety of the Applicants.
; The situation here upon the eve of the
eventful day Is quiet, but one, can see
evidences of expectant anxiety. There are
probably 5000 strangers' here now and all
incoming train* are loaded. Several dele
gations have Keen organized and'paraded
the streets. The drawing will commence
promptly' at 9 o'clock to-morrow morning.
The registration by land districts as ap
proved by the commissioners is Lawton
district, 88,000, and El Reno district, 79,000,
making a' total' of 167,000 registrations.
These figures were given out by a clerk
In the Government employ. It is thought
that the largest crowd, win be here to
morrow of any day since the opening of
registration. But 500 names will be drawn
to-morrow for each of the two land* dis
tricts.
Land Inspected Beforehand.
After the flrst day the drawing will pro
ceed with greater rapidity, and It is ex
pected that the last envelope will have
been drawn by Thursday night next. The
lucky ones will be permitted to file on a
claim in the order " that their numbers
have been drawn from the wheel. All ap
plicants for homesteads have been per
mitted to Inspect the land beforehand, to
select a claim in case he should be lucky
enough to draw a number.
Besides the three commissioners ap
pointed to superintend .the drawing and
the men who will draw the envelopes
from the wheel space on the platform will
be provided for newspaper representa
tives. . .
Representative Richards declines to
night to' disclose the names of the "ten
men who will draw the numbers from the
wheel, and said the selection would not
be made until just before the drawing be
gins.
INDIANS SEEKING LANDS. 7.
Own Selections.
Under Law* They Can Hake Their
OKLAHOMA CITY, July 2S.-Keo Tuck,
a Sac Indian, has given notice, at the
Land Office of El Reno of his intention
to file upon the quarter section of land
adjoining the townsite of Lawtoiy which
will be the principal town In the new
county of Kiowa and Comanche . reserva
tions! This Is probably the most valu
able tract out of the entire 13,000 acres
to be entered. , The application Is made
under ' a .j section of the •;, United States
Statutes passed In 1887, which gives to
every homeless Indian the right to go to
any part of the public domain and to
make entry for any tract of land that la
not in the possession of a homesteader.
The section has never been repealed, and
the right of the Indians who have no al
lotments or who were omitted from the
tribal rolls, is one that It is stated they
can exercise at any. time.
With Ko' Tuck there wer.e sixty mem
bers of the Sac and Fox tribes who pro
pose to make filings, and " attorneys
throughout the country are searching for
other Indians who have lost their tribal
relations and , who .have not secured pub
licatlon of homestead, tracts. It is be
lieved there are 500 in the two local tribes
who can secure such claims in advance
of the ones who have registered by sim
ply making their filings. '.'iV.
The plan is to select the lands they de
sire and then so Into court and ask for
a restraining order to prevent the regis
ters and receivers from accepting filings
on. the, tracts selected. This will, if,suc
cessful,-give the Indians time to perfect,
their title to the best quarter sections of
land in the new county. . .
vation Begins To-Day.
Drawing for Opening s of the
Kiowa-Comanche Reser-
One Homeseeker in Thir
teen Has a Chance
of Winning.
LOTTERYTAKES
THE PLACE OF
RUN FOR LAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
SCHLEY'S CAUSE IS INJURED BY THOSE OF HIS CHAMPIONS
WHO URGE THE PEOPLE TO SEND PETITIONS TO THE PRESIDENTflscate • money and furniture v in all ." cases
where ( regular, dealers : are - employed or
where, the games ;- are •:¦ run V openly ¦ with
big 'stacks 'of 'money. •¦-"-¦' ' ¦ , - ', •-
The ; cabin . of ; , a - mine-owner : named
Thayer/ on Bonanza ¦ Creek, ,wa9 entered
by robbers and' $2000 worth of gold dust
was stolen. - :, -. .• -iV
¦;' Travel :¦ is still very slack to up-river
points. There are a dozen river. steam
ers tied up atWhlte Horse on account of
the lack of freight by that route," large
shipments recently made ¦ being \ by'-: St.
MIchael.v - . >-. ;s ..: •'---'.
MARTIN-OELBICHS ,
j IS POSTPONED
- ¦ ¦ ¦ . :
some of. the facts that will be urged in
the admiral's defense. ?;='>•'-*
"When the court of inquiry meets, said
Captain Schley, "I would like to have the
privilege of asking Admiral Sampson Just
one question— 'If the' battle of Santiago
had resulted In defeat, -•• to whom would
the blame have been attached?' This, I
think, tells the situation in a nutshell..:- If
Admiral Schley had lost the. battle he
would have been blamed. He won it, and
he should have. the credit.
"The accusations that are made are ri
diculous when they are investigated.
Take, for example, the charge of disobedi
ence of. orders in May, 1898..' An-attempt
has been made to saddle the responsibility
on my father. The fact is.thafhe has a
letter from Admiral Sampson telling him
to do exactly what he did, and this letter
will , be produced at the inquiry.'. At . that
time be was maintaining the. blockade off
Gienfuegos. /"Secretary Long wired-Ad
miral Sampson strongly advising that the
blockading fleet go to Santiago in % the
hope of finding the Spanish fleet there.
"Admiral Sampson sent the dispatch to
Admiral Schley with a note, in which he
said: 'After duly : considering/, this -tele
gram. I have decided~to make , no change
in the:- present 'plans; -\ that Is,. that you
should hold your squadron off Cienfuegoa.'
This letter was suppressed.". -" _• ! _-.:
Regarding the maneuvers of the Brook
lyn at . the time ! of the battle, . Captain
Schley says the facts all go to show. this
was the best possible move under the cir
cumstances. The . part played • by.;' the
Brooklyn in the battle certainly, compares
favorably with that of the -New York, he
thinks. - • -
"If this, inquiry is full and fair," - de
clared Captain Schley, "some facts will
be disclosed that : will startlex the public.
My father has several strong cards up his
sleeve : and I trust he ; will , make • use of
them." ."¦- : ,
¦i' e P. a P- t * in ' ScnIe y- ;enl| sted.in : 'the<army;'ln
1SS4 and was : appointed a" second lieuten
ant in the . Twenty-third Infantry seven
years later. He has served -with his reg
iment all ; through -, its campaigns .in' the
Philippines, ; where he . earned • his ' ! cap
taincy. , Since his return from the Philip
pines he has been stationed at Fort Doug
lciss. BfifiA^9fafl£tf * — <¦' - * :
TWO BRAVE MEN
DIE IN A FIRE
Rush Into Burning House
Believing* a Woman
; in "Danger.
. *- — ' —
LOUISVILLE, Ky., July 28.— It devel
ops that Max Belovltch, the cigar manu
facturer who lost his life in the fire that
destroyed the ' Bagely-Graham photogra
phic supply store, last night, ' dashed up
the stairs to save the life of a young
woman to whom he was greatly attached,
and who he thought was In a flat above.
Policeman James Purdon,' who also lost
hia life, went upstairs- in the burning
building in an effort to save Belovitcft.
• Fire Captain Timothy Lehane, Fireman
Burnett Hardin, Charles Kellar, , Charies
Brown and Harry Swain and Policeman
John Hepp were injured, either by being
overcome by heat or smoke or by falling
into ' the cellar of the burning building.
None of them is seriously hurt.. The pe
cuniary loss is /small.
_ . . • ........ »-« «?«««»? »..»¦¦?_
CHAMPIONS INJURE SCHLEY'S CAUSE
Continued From Page One.
fr^f-^i ?IE Industrial Conciliation Council
., ¦II . of the Municipal league, which is
-] I ¦ endeavoring to bring about -an.ad
:< iX, justment of the differences between
the ; employers ' and : locked-out
workmen, is^ anxious -to set itself, right
before ths public and prevent any possible
misunderstanding that might grow put of
the report that its members had indulged
in. criticism of the Employers'/Association
at a meeting -held Saturday. "The follow
ing communication explains its position: .
Municipal League of San Francisco,' July. 28.
Editor The Call— We notice a report In one
of the Sunday papers concerning Saturday'?
meeting of the Industrial Conciliation Council
of the Municipal League in which ¦ it »: was,
stated that - the Employers' Association wad
"criticized" for its disinclination to meet the
workmen half way in tha effort to "settle the
present' labor- "trouble*." '•-' " ' ' ¦¦'•'¦'
• :The' Conciliation- Council Is 'most » sincerely
striving in all -of its deliberations to. avoid
criticizing and • at v Its • meetings the , case is
simply stated -in. the language of the contend
ing parties -and the so-called criticizing is
therefore theirs and not ours. We are strenu
ously endeavoring to bring matters to such a
pass . that the contending . parties- may unite
and settle the present serious difficulties. Thus
far we have succeeded in bringing about a
meeting : of, the -Union Iron Works'- employes
with their employers and other individual con
ferences, and the Water Front Federation has
been induced to postpone any action. until Mon
day evening they being unwilling,, when sliown
the results . of the "contemplated action to , tie
up the entire commerce of v the city. - ;
It appears to be forgotten that while capital
here is united - to repress unionism, all the
unions of the East and Canada, are financially
aiding the unions here to prolong the struggle.
: Wrf therefore are endeavoring , to bring to
conclusion . the : present disturbed conditions
that must -prove more serious day by day to
the detriment of the Interests of manufactur
ing and commerce and tjie future . welfare of
the city and State. • - ' -
- There Is ho good reason why San Francisco
should ; be made the battlefield of the conflict
between labor and capital, which are so mu
tually interdependent. ;i .,-.•• . . ;
. We have therefore urged the Mayor to call
a' meeting- of the officials of the commercial
and civic organizations with a view. to having
them : adopt ¦ some . policy that will tend to
avert the impending larger disturbances.
As J. P. Morgan' has arranged a conference
for the settlement' qf the large Eastern strikes
we are encouraged to continue our efforts to
bring about a peaceful settlement of the local
troubles .without criticizing either side.reallzlng
that each party Is entitled to a fair consider
ation of its own point of view. Ours is that
of conciliation. ¦ -¦•¦_--.' . . ,-.
INDUSTRIAL. CONCILIATION COUNCIL. OF
THE MUNICIPAL LEAGUE.
Excursionists Lost in Fog.
MORRO, Cal., July 28.— William Minor
of Cambria, who is camping in Morro,
started up the bay in h!s gasoline launch
with a pleasure party last Friday. When
well up the bay the launch ran into a
school of sharks, some of which Minor
determined to capture. Landing most of
his party In the peninsula he started in
pursuit. He failed to notice the receding
tide until it had become quite low. when
he at once returned to the peninsula and
took his party aboard. There wa3 soon
a dense fog and the launch was hard
aground on a sand bar. The gasolina
launch King George went to the rescue,
but she too, became lost in the fog. The
excursionists finally got ashore late in
the night. . -
CITY-FRONT FEDERATION MAY ORDER GENERAL STRIKE AT MEETING TO-NIGHT, PENDING
WHICH PORTERS AND PACKERS AND OTHER AFFILIATED BODIES WILL TAKE NO ACTION
WELCOME RAINS
END DROUGHT
¦¦;:fi'.V--:'.\>r-'-.' , • ' ' • •'
Parched Earth Absorbs
Moisture- as Fast as *
I It Palls.
ATCHISON, Kans., July 23.— The
drought in Northern Kansas, .which has
lasted without interruption since April 15,
was broken last night. and this morning.
The Missouri Pacific Railroad . has re
ceived reports from all stations, which ex
tend 300 miles .westward from the
sourl River and northward into Nebraska
and all except two or three report a down
pour of from a fourth of an inch to two
inches. The rain was a steady drizzling
one and lasted in most places* for three
or four hours. The parched earth ab
sorbed the moisture as fast as it
While the reeent rains have, covered Cen
tral and Southeastern Kansas, they have
not touched the northern counties up to
within the last twenty-four hours.
TOPEKA, Kans., July 28.-Copious rains
have again fallen throughout Kansas to
day. All along the line of the Santa ie
far out to the western part ol the State
there were generous supplies of moisture.
In Topeka nearly two inches of rain .ell
to-day, commencing early this morn.ng
and continuing until after neon. This
makes over four inches in the past thiee
days. . To-morrow the farmers of the
State will begin replanting their vegeta
bles and will plant immense quantities of
turnips, Kaffir corn and sorghum for tor
aie The ground is in excellent condi
tion for these products now and plenty of
rough feed for the coming winter is as
?U K 6 ANSAS CITY, July 28.— Rain fell here
almts* continuously to-day, -tha downpour
amounting to over. an inch. _ j rnil » nr
DUBUQUE. Iowa. July 2t-1he drought
has been 'broken, by a m raln&n of 1^86
inches and reports from poir.ts in iw
west and north of Iowa show the storm
LINCOLN," Nebr., July 28,-R3Ports from
cent-corn crop In, this locality. .
CABINS RIDE
IN A TORRENT
' * * • -
Alaska Freshets Carry
Away the Homes
\ of Miners.
¦ *
' Special Dispatch to The Call. T
TACDMA, July 28.— Reports from. Alas
ka are to the efTect that the July fresh
ets have suddenly terminated all mining
operations on Bear, Clear and Rose
creeks, in the Porcupine mining district.
These and other creeks are overflowing
and the miners have abandoned them, for
dry diggings higher, up toward the Chil
kat Mountains.
Andrew L. Barr. a prominent miner,
who reached Pyramid Harbor last week,
says that all flumes, sluices, bridges, to
gether with cabins along the creek bot
toms, have been washed away. Bear
Creek is now rushing toward the Chilkat
River with a deafening roar, carrying
great mountain bowlders in its tremen
dous torrent. The most important bridge
in that section has been washed out. It
crossed the Chilkat River at the mouth
of Rose Creek and was used by all min
ers going and coming.
The river is now being crossed on three
poles laid end to end. and held. In place
with ropes. The bridge will-be replaced
as soon as "the* water subsides by 4 de
tachment of soldiers sent from Skaguay
to preserve peace among the, Chilkat In
dians. Only seven miners are now camp
ed along Bear Creek in place of several
score who Intended working there this
summer. The mining was commenced in
June, but had only been started when the
spring freshets began. It was supposed
these would subside in^Jnly. but the hot
weather has increased ' their volunje.
John Cook and Thomas Becker nearly
destroyed their eyesight on Bear Creek.
A cartridge exploded while they were ex
perimenting with a new gun. The pow
der "burned their eyes badly and Becker
will lose the sight of one eye.
Conditions Surrounding Locked-O v ut Team
sters and Striking Craftsmen Are Un
. changed, but Men Claim Victory \s Theirs
2
THE SAjST OT
Employers of Ironworkers Say the Men Can
\X Return to Work, but Under Coriditions
Existing Before the Present Trouble
tofl«rfHE coriditions surrounding "the
I conflict* between the locked out
i teamsters and the Draymen's As
il sociation were not changed by any
• action trken by the union or the
employers yesterdaj'. Both sides claim
that victory Is slowly but surely coming
to them, while disinterested people con
tend that the present agitation is but a
smoldering fire that may at any moment
break out into «. conflagration of startling
proportions. Upon the' shoulders of the
members' of the City Front Federation
rests the responsibility of ending.the
conflict or of making the present difficulty
the cause of a mighty struggle between
men of almost every, craft in- this city and
the men by whom they are employed.
The threatened walk-out of the afllllateo
unions did not occur yesterday morning,
and the enthusiasm formerly displayed by
the strikers became discontent. The meet
ings were all lengthy and etormy.
A walk-out of the City Front Federation
is expected, and the men of the affiliated
unions appear jubilant at the idea of the
support the strike of 16.000 men composing
the federation will afford the movement.
They wanted immediate action on the part
of the affiliated unions of the water front.
Delay of a Day.
To the heads of the various unions the
delay of a day in ordering out the 16,000
men meant a possible chance to win with
out forcing an issue.
At the meeting of the Federation Sat
urday night, after a long, stormy session
it was decided to defer ordering a general
strike until after its meeting to-night- The
leaders were very reticent about the views
expressed by the members and stated that
they preferred withholding a knowledge ot
their intended action from the public until
oortain conferences which were being ar
ranged for could be held. Upon the result
of these conferences, said the leaders,
they would base their course. They said
further that at to-night's meeting the
matter would be settled one way or the
other. . .
' The news of the stand taken by the
Federation was spread throughout the
ranks of the laboring men Saturday night.
The delegates to the City Front Federa
tion visited the unions at their meeting
places and until the early, hours of the
morning urged them to stand firm, plead
ing that a day'6 delay could do no harm.
. At the headauarters ¦ of the teamsters,
.at €72 Fourth street, everything was quiet
yesterday. The men gathered in knots
•and discussed the situation. They seemed
full of hope and assured inquirers that the
teamsters .were "standing pat" and would
•not budge an iuch from the stand taken
¦by them." • • .- . i- '\
Business Agent Casey and Secretary Mc>
I,aughlin of the union appeared among the
men early In the day and remained until
late In the afternoon. - They advised the,
men constantly to refrain from violence.
They also assured the men that ample
support was - forthcoming and that.theii
fight was a winning one.
The meeting of the Porters,' Packers and
Warehousemen yesterday was a lively
one. The action of the bosses in discharg
ing more than 100 members of the union
becauKG they were members of a labor or
ganization was discussed. That a genera
: strike o,f the members was' not advisee
was due to a. desire to await the actior
of the City Front Federation, though ii
is possible that the employers will an
ticipate the demands of the federation and
discharge the remaining members of th<
union to-day. ¦ • V.
Out at the Union Iron Works as well as
at the Rlsdon and the Fulton Iron Works,
business is anything but at a standstill.
Since the inception of the. iron workers'
strike the places of the strikers have been
gradually filled with new men,, until now
there are 1100 machinists employed in the
works. Among : the number may . be seen
the faces of a few of the old hands, but
in the main the latter are conspicuous by
their absence. Many of those . who have
applied for work during the strike came
from the country. These men will be re
tained after the strike is settled.
. At the Risdon Iron Works \ about 600
men have been given employment.
James Spiers, president of - the Fulton
Engineering and Shipbuilding. Works, said
last night that the situation as far as the
employers are concerned could not have a
more promising aspect, He , said: ¦
"We are willing and have always been
willing to meet our men when they- come
to us individually. At the Fulton Iron
Works we now have 110 men at work.
Whan ¦ the strike was commenced^ we
were employing 600 men and paying them
good wages. While the othe,r iron works
are taking their machinists back at the
former schedule of wages and hours we
are offering a special inducement, in that
we provide our. men with their vboard.
But few of the old hands have, straggled
back and for the most part our present
force is composed of raw recruits."- .
A joint meeting of the Journeymen-
Barbers and the Master Barbers will be
held to-night at 32 O'Farrell street. A
general discussion - of * the | trade affairs
will be had and after, that a banquet will
be given In. honor of the State Board. of
Barber Examiners. '.
Secretary Rosenberg of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council was a busy, man all
day yesterday.* He visited various meet
ings and argued a conciliatory policy. He
explained the situation In detail, and ow
ing to his intimate knowledge of the facts
his words were greeted with great re
spect. - - m ¦ ¦ -; i /
Asks for Police Protection.
Nick Aronson, a teamster employed by
"McNab & Smith, called at the central po
lice station and asked for police protec
tion. He said that he came, from .Kes
wick and started to work on Saturday
morning.- That night, after leaving the
firm's barn to go to his room on Mission
street, he was followed by about 200
striking" teamsters, who threw rocks at
him. He had a revolver in his pocket,
and, fearing for his life, he faced the
crowd, which was coming too close to him
•to be comfortable , and fired a shot among
them. scattered and he was left in
peace. * Aronson . said he did not; know
whether his -«hot ? took effect or not. but
he . fired * with the intention of hitting
some one. Lieutenant Martin told him to
be at the oentral station at 7>o'clock this
morning, when other teamsters who had
been intimidated would be there to receive
police escort to the barns. V \" :
"r 4 ? '>-,;>.¦ .' — ~ — *~~- — ~ - '¦'¦ '
They «FeaT a Strike.
The -Alaska ': Commercial" Company's
jfteamshlp. SC Paul finished loading and
went into the stream last night: 'None of
tire crew will be allowed ashore to-day
and this evening the ;vessel will ! sail for
Nome. The owners are afraid that if a
general strike is ordered on the front' the.
sailors, firemen, coal 'passers and other
union men will be called out and the St,
Paul would be tied up. It was this fear
that "made -the barks- ICaiuIanl* and- Dia
mond Head ¦ put to sea Saturday night in
spite of a southwest breeze and-arfiood
tide.- '¦-;*.•'¦/; .^ ' >- : *v ''.'."
TWO FAMILIES
IN FATAL DUEL
Fathers and Sons Line
Up in a Desperate
Battle.
MEMPHIS. Tenn., July 28.— Edwin Bla
lock, dead with a rifle ball through n;3
brain; M. F. Blalock, leg broken by a bul
let; Robert Wright 8r., leg broken by bul
lets; Robert Wright, Jr.,- a fugitive from
justice.
Such is the result of a desperate duel
with rifles which occurred about dusk to
night on Norris avenue, south of the city.
and near Forest Hill Cemetery. The trag
edy grew out of a dispute between Robf rt
Wright Jr. and Edwin Blalock. Tl>e
fathers backed the boys up and the two
families lined up with rifles. When with
in a few yards of each other the first shot
was fired. Then sharp and quick came
the other shots.
Almost with the first one from the side
of the Wrights young Blalock fell with
a rifle ball through his brain. His v broth
er Fred picked up his rifle and v stood
where his brother had fallen.
Finally the elder Wright had to be taken
off the battle ground with a bullet in his
leg and Blalock injured almost in the
same way was carried Into his house. The
two young men shot a few times at eich
other as they retreated," each toward his
own home.
Robert Wright Jr. and. Ed win Blalcck.
the dead boy. had a slight quarrel.
Wright, it Is said, told it around that he
had given Blalock a black eye. From
this to-night's tragedy resulted.
Young People's Christian Union.
WARSAW DEPOT, Ind., July 28.— The
annual session of the Young People's
Christian Union of the Associated Reform
Presbyterian Churches of North America
closed at Winona Lake to-night with re
ligious services. Rev.' R. M. Russell,
D.D., delivered- the convention sermon.
The final address, "A Missionary Mes
sage." was given by J. C. White, Mont
rlair, N. J.,- who has Just 'returned from
five years* labor in India and Egypt.
-•-¦_'..- — _ — • :..-., - .
Fire in a Grocery Store.
KEEXE. N. H.. July 29.— A fire to-3ay
m the building of the Holbrook Grocery
Company caused a loss of $75,000.
- •¦ . ¦ _ .
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis dally. Stop-overe allowed at Salt
Lake CJty. For full information ask U
M. Fletcher. 126 California street. •
TYPOGRAPHICAL UNION GIVES EXPRESSION TO VIEWS
UPON THE -EMPLOYERS' ASSOCIATION IN RESOLUTIONS
'-»=» AN FRANCISCO' TYPOGRAPHICAL. UNION No 21 has given in vigorous terjns its opinion of the employers' asso
(C^ elation. It holds that the" attitude of the association is "arrogant and vicious.'.' This andimore Is set forth in the
following resolutions adopted yesterday, a copy being ordered sent to the Mayor: ; :.., ;
WHEREAS, An oreanization styling itself '. "The Em
ployers' Association", has,; without solicitation on the part
of the public or the' municipality! interjected itself into the pend
ing labor troubles In San Francisco .with 'the declared purpose of
exterminating all labor organizations." thereby seriously complicat
ing endeavors ' looking toward a peaceful settlement of existing dls
. putes; and f ';:;'" •" t ;, •-- : ¦; ~, -
WHEREAS, The arrogant and vicious : attitude of this so
called Employers' Association, Is. we believe, inimical' to eood
government and a menace to the . peace, and welfare of this 1 com
munity, of which the union . labor element constitutes .. a large
"and important part, San : Francisco Union hereby
resolves: " \ . V . ¦f. .
(1) That while we feel contempt for the bushwhacking tac
tics employed by these so-called "employers," who keep their
names in the background and .issue', their . terrible mandates
' through a' person by name of ' Michael '¦ (successor,' . we believe, to
a party called ' "Williams,", a fugitive- from, Michigan Justice),
yet we accept with readiness the ; gage of battle thus thrown
down and will endeavor. to retaliate in t klnd.
' (2) That in compliance -with I this . resolve " we . aek the : Labor
Council 'to appoint, 'as ¦ soon : ;as '¦ possible. ¦; a'" retaliation 'committee,
to be composed of members of the various i unions affiliated ' with
said Council, for the purpose of securing . the names of members
of this so-called Employers'. Association, .with ; their ?/ respective
businesses; • that , said names and ' data" be printed ' and a slip;fur
nished every union member in the j State of California,-, to * the* end
"that a commercial, social and political ; boycott against the indi
viduals composing this so^called ; Employers' Associatlon.be vigor
ously and unremittingly prosecuted. ¦: ' . - - -:Vx-"
(S) That we protest against any recognition wnatsoever Dy we
honorable Mayor or municipal "authorities of this so-called Em
ployers'. '.<¦ Association in "pending lor , future labor "difficulties, no"
matter in what guise they, come, and Insist that they shall not
be a factor In any movement looklne to' a settlement unless
be directly "interested as individuals. ><¦ . ..:...
(4) . That we ; pledge ourselves . as an organization, , In common
with . every . other loyal ¦' labor :"unlon| .- to " fight to, the, bitter • end
any attempt by : any set of ; men to « destroy j trades \ unionism J or
to kill, ; . for their . own. selfish purposes,' the: only, hope' American
worklngmen cherish for.' the future from the , aggressions of con
centrated > wealth ' manipulated by^ the "robber barons" of industry.
•;' (5) • That .we ' recognize' in ' the struggle of > the teamsters, \ the
machinists and A the waiters -.the principles for which we as an.
organization ,80 long battled and finally.. made secure— the recog
nition. by j the employer^ ' of our , union— a ¦ principle ; vital | to the
existence* of every labor organization and paramount ' to every
other consideration.' . . ' " ¦ . ' *"i ' ' ' ;:
;' (6J That, while we stand ready as an organization to do every
thing In our. power to' bring about 'honorable peace in the. labor
world, wfi pledge ourselves* to 'resist '- to the best . of , our ability,
every effort of .the so-called Employers' Association in its chosen
work of .tearing, down the. labor unions, and,~ if needs be,. to make
that assistance effective,; we .will-not stop, this side, of voting to
call out every.' union organization in San Francisco.
(7) Finally, we will endeavor to ; make no mistake in the,com
ing: - political struggle to put men. in* of flee who are broad-minded
.enough T , to, recognize the , fact'that all -American •citizens have
: rights before the law. whether they be "laborers" or "employers."
¦• • " HARRY GIBBr President.
H. L. WHITE. Secretary. . . ¦¦..-.* ¦¦ ¦'• ¦-,.. ,
MINERS BRING
DAWSON GOLD
Million Dollars in Pre^
cioiis Dust on a
CS4" A Q TYl a^T*
Special Dispatch to The Call. ¦ ¦¦
VANCOUVER,' B. C-. July 'i 28.— After
only | six days . and fifteen-hours ot - travel, ;
flf ty ': passengers f rom ¦¦;. Dawson \ arrived
here', this ' morning by . the steamer j Island-!
er,; of ; the , Canadian Pacific's ¦ Alaska ' ; line.'
¦Among the passengers were : Philip ; Kast-t
ner.v A.' J. ' Nelson and - other '¦:. northern
mine-owners on' their way. to • San :Fram
cisco* to dispose -of-, the" $150,000 • worth : of
gold dust - they, brought. - The steamer, ar
rived Just in time ' for - them > to ¦ catch • the
south-bound; train:- -¦, " • ; /; -••;;
/ The Islander had altogether over a mil
lion dollars i of ; gold,', mostly consigned ';. to
the " Canadian > Bank ;. of t Commerce : at
Seattle- in a Special shipment. \;.^ An ..un
official'announcement has; been; made at
Dawson ¦ that • no < more * crown ¦= grant - con
cessions ' of ¦ claims : will be : made ( to *-. large
companies by^the Government;-. and i there
is ! considerable '..; rejoicing ; ? among',; the
smaller, mine-owners." x - - Gambling « . has
again opened up In ' a' quiet way, 1 , in : Daw
son,-but police onlcers have orders, to con-.
Impression Prevails at.MTevrport That
It Will Take Place Late in'August
• V \6r Early; in September. ¦ ¦'¦¦¦
NEW ".YORK," July* 28.— A Journal spe
cial; from v Newport : says:-; There ; are- at
present - no i preparations * being made j for
the Martin-Oelrichs wedding, '.whichr it .was
reported would " take place : on [August 1 14,"
and 'the impression prevails, here that the
event v has t been v postponed v until ;¦ late :. in
August .' or ' early • in , September. C It 7 is • a
fact,, however,^, that \ none !of i the I Catholic
clergymen ; of > Newport, \ one ;.of , whom -will
no doubt .perform the eeremoriy, * has been
consulted in ¦ regard to ; the .wedding. .'¦^,>.^
vAs has been previously stated, 'Mrs/ Oel^
richSi desired ¦' the :wedding.N to take*; place
in : St. : Mary's ;. Church; ' the h largest j and
most beautiful'' church- of , any • denomina
tion, in 'Newport,-; where she and herjam-'
ily I have I been attendants, -; but | not I parish
ioners, they, beifip members of St; Joseph's
parish, an unpretentious edifice in another
part ? of the < city.^^Mg^SS^estfiB^g^Sa
¦- * It ; may ; be ; positively stated ; on the ; very
best ecclesiastical | authority that notwith
standing Mrs. Oelrich's wishes In'the mat- 1
ter^the .wedding. will ;take place | in St." Jo-;
soph's " Church -if it * takes ¦ place in > any
Catholic church in Newport...... . .'.
.'.-. LONDON, July 29.— The' so-called "allied
villagers," • according ¦'. native '• reports;
include" 25,000 well armed > troops in South
western v Chili, . ; says : the, Peking,corre
spondent- of i the ; Standard. ' Mpst of them
are i, old ;¦; Boxers ; or .'disbanded ; r soldiers.
They: have: captured all : the imperial:sup
plies sent ¦ overland - from ? Peking.
-PEKING, . July^29.-Li Hung Chang.
Prince > Ching : and Kun Yang. •-. resident
members; of 'the 'regency board,*, have re
ceived from the throne a long communica
tion ; laying ' down « general '* Injunctions ? as
to | reform, .honesty, of administration . and
the : desirability; of imitating all ¦ merltori
our: features of the 'institutions 'of Japan,
and western nations.*, ¦"•¦.-; ¦—-' - -.,- .
Brotherhood {of ¦ St. Andrew!
>£' DETROIT,' July' 28.— Thel final session of
the ' convention * of I the* Bro therhood : of : St."
Andrew "vwas ' held ¦ ' to-night, ,V Bishop '' of
Vermont,, Right Rev.! Arthur : C. - A. 71 Hall,
D."D.f presiding.UThe anniversary sermon
was ? delivered * by." Rev.".; James ' H. • Mcll
vaine," D. P./of Pittsburs. . ¦
FOES IN GUISE
OF GOOD FRIENDS
DHina's V AUied^illagers"
;Are Bands of, Bold
. Robbers.
DEATHS FROM THE HEAT.
Eastern Cities Still Suffer From the
Scorching Rays. ..
CINCINNATI, July,28.-Nine deaths and
"S'Slvi'lS. "&. July '£&& were
three deaths and twelve prostrations from
neat in Louisville to-day. Th<> maximum
Jufy'k-For half an hour in
Chlcaiw Tto-day the percentage of humid-
S wfs 93? wfth the thermometer register-
In^- Win the shade. Not a breath of air
SfsUrVing a" the time, and the atmos
phere was suffocating. At odocka
heavy downpour of rain and a stiff breeze
from the. lake brought relief and in less
than an hour the temperature had
July 3<--To-da£s
weather advices from the corn belt were
the most encouraging that have come to
hand for the past forty days, showing in
the opinion of the forecasters that the
great drought has been broken by a gen
eral visitation, of showers in many por
tions of that section, and with a prospect
of their continuation. Coincident with the
fall of rain has come reduced tempera
tures. With few exceptions, the tempera
tures reported are now normal, no maxi
mums over 100 degrees being reported.
West of the Mississippi » River they were
generally in the neighborhood of 90. The
forecasters, while not making any specific
predictions as to, the effect of the rain on
the crops, express the opin! on that all
those crops that have not been irreparably
ruined will be benefited by the breaking
of the drought. The late -crops naturally
will be helped , the most. .The reports
show, that 'during the past* twenty- four
hours showers > were quite general in the
corn belt, and were. heavy,: over much of
the ; State of' Iowa and over part . of the
corn belt not visited on Friday by rains,
including. Western Nebraska, Southern
Missouri, and Oklahoma.
There will be showers over the corn belt
except iiTits extreme western portion and
Southern Iowa, and they .will continue
generally on Tuesday in Ohio and Mid-:
die Mississippi valleys.. There also have
been -showers and > thunderstorms in the
Northern States from New England. to the
Dakotas,\New Mexico, Northern Arizona
and Southern. Utah' and on the West Gulf
coast. ¦¦-¦¦.78$mai&sa&aMiHMtMamai
POLICE CLOSE MDWAY
SHOWS AT EXPOSITION
IMrectors Attempt to Open Tl^eir Con
,: ' s cessions, ; Whereupon the : En
. trftnees ' Are Blockaded.
BUFFALO, July ' 28.^Attenipts" . of : the
Midway shows to ; open for.;; business to
day were a failure.:; The first show to an
nounce that it was' ready for^ business was
the Indian Congress, fin "front., of the con
cession -were, two of :tne*dire2tors--of the
concession % and > their • attornc y. Captain
Dagmeof.the Exposition police force no
tified themito close,' which thoy did under
protest. Later another attempt was made
to open the show. - Iron pipes .were driven
into j the : pavement - by . the Police Depart
ment. '•* From the pipes a rope l was stretch
ed : in '. the form i of • a : square * which : com
pletely blocked the entrance of the show.
Other shows opened' their doors for a few
minutes but were, 1 closed by the poUce.
* — : ¦-•••.-¦¦ ¦> .- v- -•¦:• ; •"•-.-¦ •:, , , , - .,•: • ¦¦ ., . - — -¦ • . ¦•¦..¦.••-. ¦ - -. ¦;.'
BUSINESS •AGENT] OF THE BROTHDRHOOD: OF^ TEAMSTERS OF SAN FRANCISCO, \ .WHO . IS * DIRECTING '.'.
¦ - THE FORCES * OF .THE LOCKED OUT UNION DRIVERS IN THE CONTEST AGAINST THEIR FORMER
'EMPLOYERS. :'«;•';¦: .;.. : -'-;^V . " • ',.".' '•¦ ' ¦¦ ' ,-V ¦ •"'¦. " ;,* '
¦i. -•• '":.: ; '' *'¦ ' .' '. '¦ . — '¦ -— ¦ — ¦ '''•-'¦ -i— "^ — ¦ — — — — — ,' . : :C *
Industrial i Conciliation Council .Declares; It Has Indulged in No
U ; of the Employers' Association, but Is E ndeavoring
tol Bring! About a Settlement of -the Present Strike Difficulties
Oakland Transfer Men Will Begin Moving
Goods To-Day and Call Upon the Po
lire to Furnish All Necessary \ Protection
Teamsters H))ldav Meeting but Decline to
Give Gut Their Intentions—A Strike Is
Now Regarded as Almost a Certainty
Meeting this evening but declined to give
jut any statement of their intentions.
The employers notified the police to
aisht of their intention to begin moving
?oods to-morrow and that in case of
trouble they would demand the same pro
tection from' the Oakland Department as
is Jbelng given the draymen In San Fran
;lsco by the authorities. The police have
aot made any move and will not do so
jntil they see whether trouble develops
There are two classes of draymen in
Oakland— those who move goods froxn the
•ars to the stores and those who do a
ransfer business between San Francisco
md Oakland. The former class will not
ae affected because they ' are not called
jpon to handle any goods from the strike
'enter. The transfer men, such as the
\ustln Freight and Transfer Company,
he- People's Express and ; half a dozen
>ther firms will find . themselves con-,
'rented with the certainty of a strike to
norrow. for, despite tfoe fact that the
neii will Hot give out" anything official as
o their intentions, it is certain that they
vill not handle any goods from San Fran
•isco consigned to Oakland or any goods
Irpm Oakland- consigned, to boycotted
louses or firms in San Francisco.
OAKLAND, July '. 2S.— The < strike
may reach Oakland ! to-morrow,
; for the employers announce that
they will • begin ' to move goods In
• '- the morning and that: they will
no longer wait' for the unions; to act.
'No goods have been, moved In Oakland
for severaldays, but with the consent and
understanding of both' employers and em
ployes. The men told the bosses that they
did not want' to strike, and yet did not
want tq'be put in the position of being
compelled to -niove goods from the strike
district in* San Francisco. Neither, side
wanted to force the question, and so it
was agreed that until Monday the bosses
would not try to move goods from. San
Francisco and the .men would not be
forced handle any goods that would com
pel them to transgress the rules of the
-But'the period of probation ¦will comedo
an end to-morrow, and the bosees an
nounce to-night that they are going ahead
with the moving of goods i no matter
whence they come and that the men must
handle 'the goods or leave their employ
ment. - ¦•:¦•¦¦ - .
• The Brotherhood of Teamsters held a
ADVESTISEME1TTS. _
Tell your grocer. "I want my #
money back," if you don't find
Fels-Naptha soap as good as we
say. ,
. . . •
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia._f:
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great i
) MUSEUM OF AHATOMYf
4 gg ¦ 1531 UA2SSTST.lrt. 64*74. 3. r.CsJ. i
A Xf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
0 i«9R^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted M
i. MC5 SA *«ease poaitlvoly cured by tike oldest T
0 ia£ v» I Specialist om the Coast. EiL 36 years. C
1 fl^g h DR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN $
\ BOTS&Q Consultation fres and stricily prirate. \
0 I A*%t Hi Troatn) e ! 't personally or by letter. A A
¦\ I Vf «« « *+*&*• Cure in ererjr ease twdertaken. T
B r // 11W Write for Book. PHILOSUPHVot A
r* I j 1 * M»BBI*GE. MAILED PREE. (Af
1 tt Ur valuable book for mm) \- \
V , DB.JOKDAN & CO.. 1051 Market St.S. F. Y
DR.MEYE6S&C0. M^%>
Specialist. Disease
and weakness, of v^w ' k
m e n. Established S|ptf - ,
' and private " book 1 ' m "'xif i . Y 1 "
free,' at office or. by ' '^t3» J*4^L
mail. Cures guar- Tf£»/V.<£*I«y3>
anteed. T31 Mar- ¦
ket street (eleva- . Jn^*P5x££xE „
tor. entrance), San >fia^v/
. ADVAl'S -B.BA.DTt KKT.llSJf ha S rt ood
unrivaled before tha public for SO rears aa a.
Pain' Remedy. It instantly relieve* and quickly
eures all Colds, 'Sora Threats, Influenaa. Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, Rheumatism.. Neuralgia.
Headache. Toothache and alt pain. Internally
Malaria and all Bowel Fain*. All <jruMi««--
<foit Stiaks. 'V^r^Vr'
\^ VvV^ Au.6ttodutfAt the rock altar stood the Rev. Luther
Freeman of Portland, , Maine, who ; is . a
guest at the hotel ln the valley.- The
bridal couple passed through the semi
circle of friends and took their positions
As the prospective bride and . groom
walked toward . the altar-like stone on
which the ceremony was to take place the
orchestra began the melodious wedding
march from "Lohengrin." The music of
the stringed instruments ' was at times
lost in the roar of the falling: waters, and
the efforts of the energetic and well-in
tentloned melody-makers were .almost
futile In comparison with the strength, of
the storm of sound that nature had pro
vided. ¦ - . ,*-•¦¦¦
dressed and formed an 1 attractive group
when they arrived at the base of the falls
half an hour before noon. The Bohemian
String: Orchestra was ln attendance and
rendered exquisite melody from a natural
choir loft on a gigantic rock. ;. ; .",<
CHICAGO, July 28.— C. B. Eggleston,
for many years one of the prominent fig
ures on the Board of Trade, has formally
retired -from the exchange by pouting his
membf rnhlp for transfer. * KgRieaton,
played a conspicuous part In " the noted
produce trades, the Harper wheat deal
and tho famous FnlrbanKa-Cuiluhy lard
comer. ¦BiVRBKtMHHBaSsfta
Retires From the Board of Trade.
SAN JOSE. July 28.-r-Augustus Rath
bone, an aged rancher of this county, who
a few months ago went to ProvMence,
R. I., to upend tho rest of tils . days, ' wan
returned here this evening in chargo of a
keeper and will probably upend his re
maining life In an anylum. .Coming across
tho continent Rnthbone made three at-,
tempt* to kill hlmnelf by Jumping from
the train. . - o ¦ '•'¦.¦
Tries to Jump From a Train.
SANTA CRUZ, July 28.— Sunday has
been an interesting day at Garfield Park.
Many of the members . of the Christian
Church in nearby cities were here. The
day opened with a prayer service led by
the Rev. J. Durham of Irvlngton. At half
past 9 the Bible Bchool and interna
tional lesson was held. The sermon
was by the Rev. G. W. Mukley of Kansas
City, on "Things Temporal and Spiritual.
In the evening the Rev. F. D. Power of
Washington, D. C, who was President
Garficld'B pastor, was the preacher.
Services at Garfield Park.
MONTKRKY, July 28.-Monterey city
B per cent school bonds, tojho 'amount of
$20,000 and Del Monte' district 5- ner cent
school bonds to the 1 amount af- $6000, the
¦ale of which .was recently nuthorlzcri,
have been soldto H. Rolllnn & Sons: of
Bnn Frnnclnco. tho jirlci» paid being, ¦re
spectively, $20,920 and SG229.
Monterey School Bonds Sold.
GRASS VALLEY, July 28.— This after
noon a forest (Ire in the Indian Springs
and Ppenceville districts broke out with
renewed' fury. Flames are now sweeping
over. vast areas of forest and brush. The
renewal of the firs has Btartled the neigh
borhood, and a largo force of men are
at tho scene fighting tho flames. Burned
leaves and cinders have' been falllnc
about this town. On tho Webber ranch
everything in : burned except . the house
The flames enma with such a rush that
before tho men could get to tho barn the
structure wnu aflro. Two horses were
burned. Edward Brown's mills ' have
been burned, and the flro destroyed nas
turage, hay. fences,, buildings and other
property. Since tho fire , started • the
weather has been very warm and 'sultry
in this city.
Fences and Buildings in the Vicinity
of Grass Valley Destroyed , .
¦-¦¦•¦.'¦'• bv Flames. '
FIERCE FOREST FIRE
APPROACHES TOWNS
Shot iby a Horseman.
BOLIVIA, 111., July,28.— In a quarrel,to
day : David . Haslett, a prominent , horse
man, shot and mortally wounded Jeffer
son "Garglis,. an employe of the Indianapo
lis, Decatur;and "Western, Railroad.
¦ •¦</» ¦¦ "~- — : ¦ ' • , ' ¦ . ¦
A Notice From tho Railroad.
Having received a,' postal ' from Mr. ,
Tousl. freight ngent., that .the' stock of
the Lyceum •" Clothing .'.has ar
rived, wo will lose no time but'nrrango to
have the name brought .to, • tho more 'to
day. vWlll theroforo clone, to-day's uniont
3 p.: m. Nothing ' will f be; sold? after that
llmo. Any; on« , who 'wants »an .$18 • all
woolmen a'fiult f'>r )4 05 hnd bcttercomq
before 1 3 p. m.,' at- tho Clothing Anulgneo
Sale nfiho Boston,' 773 Market street; nenr
fourth. • 7 , ¦¦¦•.'• , . • ¦%
Young People's; Convention Closes.
? "CHICAGO.^JuIy 28.— With a consecration
full : of spirit the Baptist jyoung. People's
Association of America brought the con
vention of their society to a close at the
Coliseum to-night before one" of V the
largest audiences of the four days' gath
ering., The Rev.' WiUIanv H.-Gelstwlt led
tho services and Dr. James B. Granfill of
Texas delivered the, consecration 1 address.
INDIANAPOLIS, July 28.— The~ largest
convention of Socialists ever held In the
United % States ; will assemble to-morrow,
called by the executive boards of the. two
divisions " of • the Social-Democratic party
for the purpose of uniting the two fac
tions and . adopting a new name for the
united organization. : '
Delegates - from ' almost every State in
the Union have reached the city. Porto
Rico also is represented, while the West
ern States particularly have sent 'a num
ber of men to attend. It is 'said ; to-night
that the convention will succeed in re
uniting the factions, drawing in the inde
pendent State- organizations and adopting 1
a -new name? and a new -platform. The
platform, it is predicted, will be more em
phatic in its denunciations of the sover
eignty of capital, and more radical in Its
assertions regarding the fundamental so
cialistic ideas. - ¦, .-. ¦• : ' • .
New Platform Will Be Emphatic in
Denunciation bf the Sovereign-.
' ty\ of Capital. ,
SOCIALIST •
WILL TRY; TO UNITE
PHOENIX, Ariz., July 28.— With the
past twenty-four hours very heavy rain
storms have covered all of Central and
Southern Arizona and extended down into
Mexico. In some parts of the Salt River
Valley the storm assumed extraordinary
proportions, and In the western part a
very large water fell. ,
. At Glendale last night the most severe
windstorm ever known in this part of the
Territory caused some damage, taking
roofs from- buildings. In the extreme
southern portion rains have caused the
destruction of several miles of track on
the New Mexico <and Arizona and the
Arizona and Southeastern roads and some
delay has been caused on the Southern
Pacific' ; .
The damage will be offset by the great
good which the rains will do to the agri
cultural and stock regions and to for
ests in the mountains, where fires have
been creating havoc. '
Furious Storm Causes
Damage in the South
west.
WIND RAISES
ARIZONA ROOFS
TACOMA, July 28. — Jennie Cole and Su
sie Evans, 14-year-old children of Puyal
lup, and Carl Jenkins of Seattle, aged
16 years, were drowned in Spanaway
Lake this afternoon while boating. The
fourth member of the party saved his
life by swimming ashore.
The two boys and two girls were un
acquainted with each other, bnt met this
afternoon while swinging at one of the
lake resorts. The girls expressed a de
sire to go boating and the boys volun
teered to take them. Carl Jenkins at
tempted to row across the lake rapidly
while the others were having fun rocking
the boat and standing up. Suddenly
one of the oarlocks pulled .out,
throwing Jenkins into the water. The
boat tipped over instantly. Jenkins and
the two girls sank. It was thirty min
utes before boats with rescuers reached
the scene. The bodies were dragged for
and secured an hour later.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Two Girls and a Boy
Drowned in a North
ern Lake.
CHILDISH FUN
CAUSES TRAGEDY
solemnity and plcturcsqucness it was sur
passingly notable.
One hundred guests of the bride and
groom were present and walked with
them over trails and under trees to the
place where the water* crash .on the rocks
beneath the towering cliffs on either
hand of the Bridal Veil. The day was a
superb one and the scene was of match
less beauty. . , ,
Miss Rippey was prettily attired in a
mountatn costume and the man who was
to be made her husband had set aside the
sartorial adornment of the Cupld-cap
tured metropolite and presented himself
in camping attire, a trifle somber, per
haps, but in commendable conformity to
the surroundings.
The Yosemite populace made a^ holiday
of it. Men and women were brilliantly
in front, of the clergyman. Miss Rippey
was accompanied by Mls« Holene Rippoy.
the bridesmaid, and Mr. Durroll attended
the groom. The words of the marriage
ritual were spoken and Mr. and Mrs. Best
returned to receive the congratulations of
the host of friends who had witnessed the
picturesque ceremony. The entire party
then proceeded to the hotel, where an
elaborate wedding breakfast was served.
Late in tho -afternoon Mr. and Mrs. Best
left the valley in a stage profusely dec
orated with white ribbons. They will
spend their honeymoon among the giant
sequoias of tho Mariposa big tree grove.
Henry C. Best is a well-known artist
and was formerly employed on news
papers in San Francisco. He came to
Yosemlte three months ago to paint
scenes in the valley. He is a director of
the Press Club orSan Francisco.
PROMINENT YOUNG WOMAN OF LOS ANGELES AND SAN FRAN
CISCO ARTIST WHO WERE MARRIED AT THE BRIDAL VEIL
FALLS IN YOSEMITE VALLEY. AT NOON YESTERDAY.
YOSEMTTE. July 28.— With amighty
rock for an altar and the sonorous
diapason of an Incomparable
waterfall furnishing the melody
of a bridal march. Miss Annie
Rippey of Los Angeles and Henry C. Best
of San Francisco were wedded ln the val
ley to-day. It was the first marriage
ceremony performed la Yosemlte and for
out to make a flfht against Senator Per
kins will gather strength from many
quarters." ¦
When asked If he thought Senator
Bard's friends in the south would-sup
port Oxnard against Perkins, he replied
that It was rather doubtful on account
of the relations existing - at present be
tween the junior and senior Senators, al
though Senator Bard and Oxnard were
friendly. He said that during the dead-
Jock 'session Oxnard was mentioned
among others as an available man :*or the
Senatorship, but that he had never beard
"the gentleman intimate that he would
seek political preferment. According to
Bacon, the new candidate for the Sena
torship first gave evidence of political
and oratorical . ability before the "Ways
and Means Committee of Congress when
the . first McKinley • bill was up for dis
cussion, and Oxnard had made a success
ful fight for a bounty on beet sug'ar.
Oxnard is at present in Colorado, where
he Is superintending the j erection of ! an
other beet-sugar refinery. He -is expect
ed to return to his home at Oxnard in a
few days.
Week and Headquarters Being
maintained.
DISTRICT CLUBS BUSY.
Meetings to Be Held Early in the
A number of Assembly District clubs or
ganized in allegiance to the Republican
Primary League wilt hold meetings early
in this week. In the Thirty-second dis
trict a club meeting willbe held ¦ to-mor
row night at Penny's Hall, corner of
Eighteenth and Kentucky streets. T. C.
Duff is president and H. H. Oelllng Is sec
retary of the club.
The. Thirty-sixth District Club will also
hold a meeting to-morrow evening, at its
hall at the corner of Twentieth and Guer
rero streets. H. L. Langrehr is president
of the club and H. C. Pearce is secretary.
A meeting of the Primary Leaguo Club
of the Thirtieth Assembly District will
be held Wednesday night at the club
headquarters, 27 Sixth street. The Twen
ty-ninth District Club will meet tho same
night at 830 Howard street.
Drowned While in Bathing.
SOUTH HAVEN. Mlch.j» July 28.—Wal
ter Bryce Huttcn of Chicago, auditor of
the Illinois Steel Company, was drowned
to-day while- bathing.
MONTICEL.LO, Fla.. July- 28.— Simon
William, a murderer under sentence to be
hanged on August 8, to-day shot and fa
tally wounded Deputy Sheriff R. H. Kll
patrick ln making an attempt for liberty,
and was shot dead by another officer.
Murderer Is Shot Dead.
MTJNCIE, Ind., July 28.— Peter Tillbury.
an Iron worker, called on Mrs., Mary Tor
rey to-night and threw tlte contents of a
small bottle of carbolic acid into her face.
The acid burned out the woman's eyes
and ' burned her neck, breast and arms
frightfully. Tillbury had vainly pleaded
with. the woman to marry him.
Blinded by Carbolic Acid.
The police charged crowds who shouted
"Long live the republic!" and "Death to
the Jesuits!" Numerous arrests were
made.
MADRID, July 23.— Anti-clerical meet-
Ings held to-day in connection with the
promulgation of the law of 1837 suppress
ing convents and monasteries resulted in
disorders in Madrid, Saragossa and Bar
celona.
Interfere.
Great Disorder and the Police
Anti-Clerical Meetings Result in
SERIOUS DISTTERBAlTCESv
;? --V V THROTrCKHOTJT SPA12X
Headquarters are maintained by ths
clubs in various districts as follows:
Twenty-elBhth. 203 Third street:Twenty
ninth, 830 Howard street: Thirtieth, 2T
Sixth Btreet; Thirty-third, 2701 Twenty
fourth street; Thirty-sixth, Twentieth and
Guerrero streets; Thirty-seventh. 444 De
visadero street. BS2 Hayes street and 622
Stanyan street: Thirty-eighth. 1229 Stelner
Btreet; Forty-second, 1206 Market street,
room 29.
Significant : ; Statements Made by V/alter R. Bacon, «Who
Is Said to Have Been Selected to Manage a Political
Right in the Interests of the Beet-Sugar Refiner
rr -OB ANGELES.. July 28.-Henry T.
1 * Oxnard, tho noted beet-sugar
II 'grower and refiner, aspires to
';'*' -^ wear a Senatorial toga; and it Is
said he intends to enter the race
against ! Senator | Perkins. . The manage
ment of his campaign in the south Is re
ported to ' have < been placed in the hands
of Walter; R.* Bacon. Some of Bacon's
statements are significant.
' "While I have received no intimation
from ¦ Mr.' j Oxnard or any of his friends
that he is or intends to become a candi
date for the United States Senate," said
Bacon, ..'.Twill' say that he is one of the
brightest : men in California and .would
certainly make an excellent S«nator. x Mr.
Oxnard is a personal friend of mine, but
I have not r had a conversation with him
for the past j six months and certainly
have not been asked to become his politi
cal j sponsor. • ¦ ,
• "If Mr. Oxnard intends to make a fight
for the Senatorship j this would certainly
be the right'time to begin. I think any
good- and strong man I can + give Senator
Perkins a hard fight and maybe defeat
him. - There 'are • various divisions of the
Republican political forces at the present
time, "but If there were an active candi
date in the field he would draw a lot of
strength from the various forces.
;',"I think Senator Perkins can beMefeat
ed,. for there has been such a sharp divi
sion ! of factions that i he has been forced
to attempt to satisfy both in the distribu
tion of patronage. Perkins is a good poli
tician, and has nearer than most
men could in this tttempt to conciliate all
parties.' Still, he-has been in office a long
time and, of course, has made enemies.
Then, again, people like a change." .
"Would the men who supported Grant
in the campaign you managed- support
Oxnard?" was asked.
"Now, I don't, know that Oxnard is a
candidate," he replied, "but a great many
of those who supported Grant will sup
port I any active candidate In opposition
to Perkins-: : There is no well-defined di
vision of the politicians who were In that
fight '¦ which resulted in a deadlock, but
it seems to me that the man who goes
American Steel-Casting Company Im
ports Molders and Chippers. '
SHARON, Pa., July 2S.-The American
Steel Casting Company yesterday Import
er another carload of molders and chip
pers to fill the places. of strikers. The
men were brought from the western part
of the State in a special car. ".The strikers
made no demonstration on account of the
injunction secured against them in the
courts. The company expects . to import
another carload this week. It is not prob
able the grievances of the men will be
arbitrated for some time, as the company
seems determined to break the Btrike
without making any concessions^
PILLING PLACES OF STRIKERS.
Discuss the Situation. .
Secretary Williams was found at his home
. this evening. He admitted he had been
with President "Shaffer in New Tork and
met Morgan. He would not say, what had
taken place .there," having been pledged to
' secrecy. Asked whether the terms printed
"I In' the morning papers covered the situa
tion, he replied that : they were purely
guess work. No arrangements could be
made without : the consent • of . the execu
tive : committee. ' It is" learned, however,
that a meeting of the executive board has
been called for Tuesday.-. .
1 Additional information regarding the
New York meeting of the Industrial lead-
I era was afterward picked up from reliable
j sources. It was state- that the two
I Amalgamated officers left Pittsburg on
I Friday night and when they arrived in
I New York, went direct to the private ol
j flee of Morgan. The, meeting between thii
Pittsburg men and Morgan lasted front
I about 11 o'clock in the morning until ¦$
o'clock in the afternoon. At no time did
the conference adjourn to the offices of
the United States Steel Corporation. . Dur
ing the conference President Schwab and
Judge E. H. Gary were present most of
the time. Another "conferee was Adams,
one of Morgan's partners. The Amalga
mated officials directed their, attention
almost entirely to Morgan and President
Schwab. They went over the grounds on
which the strike began, and discussed a
settlement basis. After exchanging views
with the' steel officials Shaffer and Will
iams left the office.
Believe Strike Is Nearly Ended.
In explanation of the hurried trip of the
two officers to New York, It was said that
until nearly 5 In the afternoon neither of
the officers knew they would be required
to leave Pittsburgh Prior to that time
Colonel George* B.- Harvey,, maun seer of
Harvey Bros. z the -New York publishers,
was a caller at the. office of President
Shaffer. When Colonel Harvey left the In
vitation to go to 'New, York had been.ex
tended and had boon accepted. It was pos
itively stated that the mooting between
tho heads of the Amalgamated Aiwocla
tlon and the United States Steel Corpora
tion wns duo to no other person or persons
thnr. Colonel Harvey.
Secretary Williams to-day denied that
M. M. Garland or Josoph Bishop hnd-nny
thlng to do with tho conference ln any
way so far as ho knew. -
• It is believed that before the end of the
week the mills will nil be ready to run
again, providing repairs undertaken since
the strike began are done.
Should the whole project fail of coming
to an amicable end. however, the fight
promises to be more bitter than ever.
WHEELING, W. Va.. July 28.-Vice
President Walter Larkins of the Amalga
mated Association's local district stated
to the Associated Press that he was Just
In receipt of a call from President Shaffer
for a meeting of the national executive
board of the Amalgamated Association to
be held In Pittsburg. Larkin said the call
meant that another conference would bo
held by the board with the representa
tives of the steel combine Tuesday at
Pittsbursr He feels confident that the
strike will be settled at this conference ¦¦
Both Sides Hope That Mills
'•^.WUl*Be Running ;in ; a.r
VSliort Time. N
'"Ik - • ¦ — ?r~* — ~ — ¦ ¦.-. . ¦ '--¦
-PITTSBURG, Pa., July j 28.— The I strike
of the steel and -tin workers of the Amal
gamated Association" against the "United
States. Steel Corporation ,wlll . probably
be settled this week. The cohfereny.held
in New Tork . Saturday/ has ' resulted .in
paving the ¦ way "for renewal of negotia
tions between' the ..two conflicting Inter
ests. .It Is saldt'a basis-. for;a conference
has* been arrived at.'. This basis ;wlll not
be divulged 'until -later this -week. ¦'. If the
basis Is satisfactory : to the general execu
tive committee? of the Amalgamated
sociation the conference between the as-
soclation and. the '- manufacturers will be
held at once." -If, ion' the other hand, the
basis is not what the Amalgamated Asso
ciation considers I negotiable grounds, ' the
strike will continue. ; v . : ¦,
President Shaffer and Secretary ' Will
lams of the Amalgamated Association
returned from New York this morning.
They spent • many hours in : conference
with the leading -officials of the steel
trust- and came home with '"hopes for. an
early ending of the strike. \ i In Pittsburg
little was known of the conference, -but
the greatest interest in the outcome was
shown among the' manufacturers.' 1 ; Vice
President J Bope * of _¦ i the 9 Carnegie , Steel
Company said that he had , heard- abso-"
lutely nothing- of the results and did not
! know that the conference was on. (Jen
} cral Manager ; Jenks of the American
1 Steel Hoop Company* and Superintendent
Harper of the same company .were equally
in the dark. "v ;': ¦ - -•.*¦
Steel TriiSt Officials De T
cide to Confer With
Workers.
BELIEVE STRIKE
IS NEARING END
DAME RUMOR MAKES HENRY OXNARD
CANDIDATE FOR A SENATOR'S TOGA
- ¦ ¦ -. • 1 ¦ - ¦ ¦ - ¦ •¦**- - ¦ -¦ " - - • ' '• ¦' : t ¦ k - r ¦ ¦ ¦ - - ' ¦ - - j
THE -{SAN ?FKAaNCl«Cp CALL, /yMUNDA^
Miss Annie Rippey of Los Angeles and Henry C. Best of
This City United in Marriage in the Presence of a Host
of Friends at a Picturesque Spot in -the Famous Valley
WEDDED WHERE BRIDAL VEIL FALLS
CRASH ON THE ROCKS IN YOSEMITE
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
The first brewery of Jos.
Schlitz was a hut, but the
beer that was brewed there
was honest. That was fifty
years ago. Today the mag-
nificent Schlitz brewery
forms a monument to that
honesty.
From the very beginning
the main object has been to
attain absolute, purity. In
Schlitz beer pure yeast was
first introduced in America.
In the Schlitz brewery are
all the inventions men have
made for protecting beer
from impurities.
Schlitz beer is even cooled
in filtered air; then it is fil-
tered, then sterilized. It is
well aged to avoid the cause
of biliousness.
Ask your physician about
Schlitz, the beer that made
Milwaukee famous.
•Phone Main UT, Sherwood & Sher-
wood, 212 Market St.,S^n Francisco
§V!M. \1G0R. VITALITY (orMEN
MORMON niSIIOP"S PILVB
have bwn ln use over fifty
v • h r x by the lead«Ti of th«
Mnnnon Church and their
follower!. Ponlilvely euro tho
wornt fuses in old and young
arUlnr from rfTecta of aelf-
abu»e. 'JlxKipatlon. rrffntu-n or
• •!Ku?-rtti-Kjnoklrinr. euro Ix>»t
Manhood, Int|)otrncy, Ix>it
Pow<<r. Nljfht Ivories, Innom-
ria. Tain* In IJacIc. fivll Desirp*. Lame UnrJc,
Ncrroua Debility. }Iradachc, 1Tnfltn<-«« to Mar-
ry. X^>«a of 8»m«i, fmm Varlcoc«-1« or Con.
¦ tlpatlon. Btop N»r *5 B_B voua Twltchlnir of
Eyell(!». Efr*-rtaarei"l,JrLtmnirdlat«, i m .
.part vliror and pote cc '*» 9 ncy to <^very funo.
ticn. Don t get drtpRndcnt; a euro la at hand.
Hf»tor« ¦m»ll undrvrlop«d orean«. Stimulate
iha brain and nerve renter*: 60o a box; < for
WWbjr mall. A written ruarant** to cure, or
money refunded with « boxes, circular* free.
AMrww ni8HOP REMEDY CO., 40 lCUla it.,
flan yr«nrl»co. Ctl. GRANT DRUG CO., S3
ud 43 Third at
-A considerable portion of our fall stock has' arrived and awaits the inspection of those
who want good, stylish, union-made clothing at a price that is the lowest possible figure at
which such good clothes can be sold. " ' \
' - The clothes are made in our own light, airy workshops by union labor— the only kind
we employ, because we \demand first-class workmanship. Being the makers, we save you
The* assortment repVesents almost 'everything in clothing: 'Single and double breasted
sack suits in the many styles of cuts — the radical round-cornered style, the military, broad-
shouldered: style with outside, breast pocket' the usual Jour-buttoned style, the square 'cut in
single. arid double breasted style, etc., etc. The patterns comprise all" the late fall weaves-
and solid-color: effects. You will find plain, neat patterns, extremely odd patterns, pro-
nounced patterns— in fact, patterns to suit every whim and taste. . And the prices range
I $8.50 to $25.00 •' ;ra.
: Every suit or overcoat is money-backed and guaranteed. Surely you appre- ,^g^2^
ciatc being full protected when you buy clothing. ;•.-. <J^iW 3 l^3\
Odds and Ends in. ; . . iftgi|||
Boys' Suits : . -WiplM
To make room for new fall goods now arriving, we have gathered up odds ' \/Ki| OTiW/iV Vhlr'l
and ends from our spring and summer stock and are disposing of them at $2.55 • . Xfffl M; ,» IllTr 3 I
a suit, regardless of former prices. ' • -.; : . "M : Wt^M^f
They comprise Norfolks, Russian blouses, sailors, vestces and two-piece j *W* |( WwXfJ
suits, which sold all the way from $4 to $8; any one of the suits now for {¦fj||j$ jj j I'l/*^
Exchanges readily made or money back if you are not thoroughly satisfied . ra2&3t
Boys' blue and brown overalls, apes 2 to 17, -•">*• a pair. V£« jUj
Girls'. blue and brown overalls, ages 2 tojo, 4I5c a pair. w[| aW
• Boys' shirt waists, ages 4 to 11 years, 2r»o each. J^aW
' '•¦¦•BoysV blouse waists,* ages ,3 to"8 years, all colors, 25c each. ,
• , Boys' arid children's straw , hats reduced— every hat from 75c to. $2.00 has' .
ways provo 'nter- %~^*/^»^* *W^f \^9 yt ff B jp (f^l ra H CT* us for an y thlnfir ln
need clothes; hats • * ...•'. > " ¦¦¦¦•*^ < Ing/ furnlshfngs or
orfumishings. 718 Market Street. hats -.'": Frank H. Buck, the banker and orchard
1st,- of /Vacavllle. • has taken apartments at
the Palace with; his family.; r V : V
¦\- Mark "" .-R. '[ Plalsted,'. proprietor \ of the
Fresno ' Evening Democrat, is; a guest at
the California.
E.*R: Snyder of .Coalingais registered
at the Lick. .
Frank Barrett, an oil dealer of Palo
Alto, is at the Lick. r :, , ,
¦•I; Willis' Pike,* a business man of .Fresno,
is "a late arrivalat the Grand.
Dr. and "; Mrs. ¦ P." D. . Cooper are .regis
tered at the Palace from Dawson.
¦ ' R; B. Butler, an \ man of Fresno, Is
making a 7 brief stay7 at the 'Grand. ', '•
PERSONAL MENTION.
¦ Maclay's [ history m&y . no longer have a - place as • a
textbook at the Naval Academy, but he is getting
enough" free advertising to make' up for the loss. ;
' > When, the; late Max.Muller was buying; books he
was not aware that he was working for the Japanese,
but that was what he was doing,- for his 'entire library
has just been purchased for the University. of-Tokio.
• For. a long time there has been a standing joke that
New Jersey is not in the Union, but if it be true'that
herdudes have been playing, golf by. electric light; it
will be' time, to .quit jesting. Such enterprise shouldn't
be mocked even by indirection. ' , ,
Although the : djate 'of the coronation of King Ed
ward is fully six months off ,_ people have already be
gunl to engage . windows in London overlooking the
route of the procession, and in some instances as high
as $1500 has been paid for a room with three win-
An Illinois pastor has hit upon an ingenious plan
to keep sleepy members of his flock awake during
the sermons;\ He pays two little girls a cent apiece
for every person they awaken. Perhaps he believes
that men should r«sist slumber under even 1 the most
adverse conditions.
A New Jersey girl sued her employer for wages
due, but when asked on the witness-stand to give her
age she said she was 20,, and thereupon the counsel
for the defendant moved for a nonsuit on the ground
that the plaintiff .was a self-confessed infant and had
no standing in court. Her attorney offered to prove
that she was at least 23, but an intimation of a prose
cution for perjury caused him to drop his offer; so
the next time that young lady goes into court she
will have sense enough to tell her age rightly.
It will be remembered that in the reports of. the sea
fight off, Santiago it was stated that Schley's ship, the
Brooklyn,- inflicted 58 per. cent of the damage done to
the Spanish fleet and suffered 54 per cent of the dam
age done to the American fleet; and if the reports were
true Schley should attach the Brooklyn to his answer
to the investigating committee as "Exhibit. A" and
let it go at that.
That phase of his character was well illustrated by
his recent manifesto in which he mocked at the in
effectual efforts; of the Liberal leaders to organize an
opposition to the present Government or evento for r
mulate a policy, on which the party, can or. will agree.
He described the recent action of the Liberal party
in giving a vote Jof confidence toCampbell-Bannerman
as an act of "organized. 1 hypocrisy," and declared such
an attitude" on the part of the Liberals is as dangerous
That description does not sound anything like
Bryan beyond the oratorical feature. Bryan. certainly
could not have been.the wisest of boys, nor has any
one ever noted in him a dislike to the dust. In fact,
he is so fond of agitation and demagogic strife that it
is quite likely he prefers the dust to the palmi It
affords, however, a very fair ground from which to
estimate Rosebery as a man and , a leader.; He has
retired from politics seemingly from no other reason
than a dislike to share in th e. give and take of the
struggle. He would of course like to be Prime Min
uter of Great Britain, but he is not willing to fight
for the place. Unless he can be absolute dictator arid
have everything go smoothly his way he will stay
outside and find fault with those who are doing; the
work. '
So great is the popular interest in Rosebery and his
present attitude toward politics that the British have
begun to study him from his childhood up. Thus
they have gone, back to his schooldays and sought
out the estimate that \- was placed upon him by his
teachers. One of them, who was Rosebery's tutor
at Eton, is reported to have written of him: "He
has the finest combination of qualities I have ever
seen. He will be an orator and, if not a poet, such
a man as poets delight in. He must be the wisest
boy that ever lived. But one thing is lacking. He
is one of those who like the palm without the dust."
WITHIN the field of British politics Lord
Rosebery has become as much of an issue as
Bryan is in American politics. In their na
ture, however, the two issues differ widely. In this
country the demoralized Democrats are doing their
best to get rid of their old leader, while in Great
Britain the demoralized Liberals are trying to coax
Rosebery back. The "one man is an issue because' he
persists that his party shall hold fast to bygone poli
cies, while the other is an issue because he will sug
gest no policy at'all, but stand aside and criticize
everything and everybody.
ROSEBERY AS AN ISSUE.
EORD NELSON'S log books and official letter books were
"sold a. couple of weeks: ago by auction at Sotheby's
London. There were eight lots realizing $659, of which
the most important were:
Manuscript official letter books for . 1796^ 17M-1S01, 1S03-1S41,
which brought $325.
Isog books of H. M. ship Agamemnon, 1793-4." sold for $42 50.
Log books of H. M. ships Vanguard, Foudryant, etc, 542.
Autograph letters and papers relating to the lawsuit between
Nelson and Earl St. Vhicent, $55. v
It seems rather remarkable that the Admiralty should not
have taken : steps to have secured these important and inter
esting historical documents" for the nation rather than to per
mit them to be hawked about and be sold for such absurdly
low prices. + '..':'
During the recent regatta at Kiel several warships were
present. One of these, the, cruiser Gazelle, commanded by
Commander K. Nletzke. incurred th© KaiBer's displeasure be
cause the ship crossed the starting point of one of the regatta
races, and the officer was summarily sentenced to twenty-four
hours' 'Imprisonment' on' his vessel. Commander Nletzke
promptly tendered his resignation. As salary is not so much
of an object in the German navy as to induce officers to remain
in it, the pecuniary loss to the humiliated officer will be less
serious than the loss in . social standing. | He entered the navy
in 1S75 and had . over seventeen years' sea service to hl3 credit.
-'¦..• '.•-? • " . ,
¦ TheTurklsh cruiser Ismir, laid up in "llmbo'V during the
.past twelve months in the harbor of Kiel, has recently been.
released and allowed to depart. - The captain ran short of funds
to pay for food consumed and debts incurred, and the mer
chants - refused to supply the cruiser with food. , When «the
Kaiser was on' his recent visit to Kiel his attention was called
to ¦ the plight of the Turkish crew, which waa In a state of
starvation, and he at once made representations of the case to
Ylldlz Kiosk with the desired effect. The debts were paid and
ths Ismir. hoisted her long pennant,, homeward bound.
..*••¦ • >
'• Three hundred .' and : sixty officers of . the German army are
serving on board vessels of the navy in order to obtain some
knowledge of warfare afloat. The disuse of the old-time sailor,
for whom skilled mechanics and expert artillerists have been
substituted, make It within the- bounds of possibility to predict
a return ;• to \ the good old times of .; Charles II, wheh General
Best Way to the . Yo'sijznite.
The Santa Fe to Merced /and 'stage .thence*
via Merced Falls. Coultervllle.* | Hazel Green
Merced ?. Blc t Trees.* Cascade Falls : and • Bridal
Veil Falls/, arriving- at Sentinel | Hotel at 5 the
next afternoon.^, This \ Is the'; most \ popular routs
and the rates are the lowest. 'Ask at 611 Mar-'
ket st for. particulars and. folder. \' .' • ' .. , -
IMPRISONMENT FOR DEBT-I^x
&*¦ New. York was the flm^SS'To
rfr N ?f L A ra P^°-S«b SC riber. Newman.
S; n . an< L? Play a * ame oi single
Pedro and each 'having one to go out. B
a Ld S A One ? nd v AbIds .^. B makes low
w a m * ke3 J 11 * 11 . and game. A wins
£?«?* *.'. haS . nOt b€en set :iMM * and
points and having high count 3 first.
Cal.. will be. u»e : popular; summer resort tils
season. .It became . famous last year for com
rort., entertainment -and health! Ita «plendl4
e^ waa , a w oO<ler,the ftshlns unexeceUoO. -
AINbWERS TO QUERIES.
' WILSON TARIFF BILI^-A. C L. East
Cleveland denature of President
outbreak of the war with Spain. He was
afterward promoted to be brigadier gen
eral of the regular 'army, and has been
in Japan on sick leave.
British armored cruiser Leviathan. 14.100 tons and 30 000
horsepower, was launched July 3 from the yard at Clvdebank
Her keel was laid November 30. 1S99.
• •"¦-.•¦.
Mexico has ordered the construction of eight small gunboats
of S8.M* and twot °n*do,bo.ts«t a tfS cost
Japan has ordered two torpedo boat destroyers of 358 tons
and 7000 horsepower from Thornycroft. Two others of the
Akebon* type, of 400 tons and 6000 horsepower ordered lata
last year, are approaching completion.
* • • .
The eight principal naval powers have 318 battleships and
cruisers in commission, and of that number the First Lord of
the Admiralty asserts that England has 120
•¦"-.¦ ¦ •<: • •
consist of twenty battleships, four armored cruisers, thirty
four cruisers, sixty torpedo boat destroyers, twenty torpedo
boats and twenty-three torpedo gunboats and gunboats.
¦»••••
Ten obsolete ironclads in the British navy carTy main bat
teries which are as antiquated as the ships. The list embraces
the Agamemnon, Ajax, Alexandra, Dreadnought, Hercules,
Inflexible, Monarch; Sultan, Superb and Temeraire of 93 8SI)
tons collectively. The guns include four slxteen-lnch. sixteen
twelve-Inch, four eleven-inch, forty ten-inch, eight nine-inch
and. three seven-inch, the majority of which are muzzle-load
ing rifles or breechloaders of old patterns.
• • • *
The Flindjani, one . of three torpedo boats building at Tar
row's, -»vas launched July 2 with steam up. and immediately
started on her trials. These boats are 152.6 feet in length about
150 tons displacement, 2000 horsepower and are to have a soeed of
twenty-three knots. .
Tho forthcoming British naval maneuvers will be on m.
greater scale than ever attempted, no less than 151 vessels
being prepared to participate. The plan of action Is for two
rival fleets to obtain command of the English Channel and of
the approaches to it, and to St. George's Channel. The two
fleets are nearly evenly divided in their totals of ships, which
Robert Blake was assigned as an admiral in the British navy
and made a brilliant record. Navaf officers in those, days wer*
of but little importance, serving chiefly as navigators, and
the fighting was done chiefly by soldiers.
* • •
English Admiralty Permits the Hawking About of Lord Nelson's Papers, Comprising
Documents That Are of Great Historical Interest.
The National Democracy has closed its headquar
ters at Chicago, sent its records on to Washington
and shut up shop. It would have been an outrage of
national moment to have kept the corpse above
ground much longer.
LOG BOOKS AND LETTERS OF. BRITAIN'S MOST
- FAMOUS ,N AVAL HERO ARE SOLD ABSURDLY LOW
The strike has interfered with business in San Fran
cisco during the week. A good deal of produce, such
as* fruit, potatoes, etc., which would otherwise have
come here, has been shipped out from interior points
or diverted to interior canneries. Prices for fruit are
very stiff and pointing upward, and fine table fruit
has been scarce in this market for some days.. Mer
chandise has felt the strike severely, as the reception
and shipment of goods has been seriously retarded.
This is an extrinsic condition, however, and does not
in any way indicate any lassitude in trade per se.- Our
agricultural and commercial conditions 'are* all right,
and the loss to business -on account of the strike is
temporary.
, Wool maintains the improvement'alrcady noted, and
in the Eastern markets the demand from manufac
turers to fill orders for winter and spring wear is
brisk. The San Francisco market is well cleaned up
of raw wools, both fine and coarse. The consumptive
demand for boots and shoes is still good, and some
increase is reported. The iron and steel mills not
affected by the strike report exceptional activity, par
ticularly for railway cars, structural material, builders'
hardware, steel bars for farming implements, etc.,
showing that construction of all sorts is active
throughout the country- In fact, building is lively,
and white pine lumber, like iron and steel products,
is active for this account. '
The business of the country as a whole, however,
according to the weekly bank clearings, was 56.6 per
cent larger than during the same week last year, and
all the leading cities except St. Paul showed a gain.
The increase at New York was large, amounting to
82.5 per cent. The- distributive trade of the country,
outside the States mentioned above, was very fair,
and the West was in the market for additional sup
plies of hot-weather goods. The staples showed more
tendency to fluctuate than for a long time, principally
on account of the weather. Produce, particularly but
ler, eggs and vegetables, advanced in the Eastern
cities, while the calls of the West for fresh and canned
fruit stimulated both of these descriptions and caused
an advance in prices. Large shipments of fruit to the
West were made from the Atlantic and Pacific coasts.
Baltimore reported a marked rise in canned
corn, tomatoes and other lines of canned food. In
California there was a general advance in canning
plums, pears and peaches, owing chiefly to the im
pairment of the Eastern and Western fruit crops by
the intense neat and drought of the past six weeks;
and dried fruits also showed some stimulation on this
account. The drought in the West will make a good
many lines of farm produce higher during the coming
fall, and, as will be seen, the advance has already
set in.
The effect of this was especially apparent in Wall
street. The prospect for a greatly reduced yield of
corn led to the belief that the fall earnings of many
of the larg(?st Southwestern raihoads would be im
paired and that the dividends would suffer in conse
quence. Public interest flagged, speculators took the
short side of the market, and there was a general de
crease in the volume of sales. During the early part
of the week there was a sharp decline, but toward
the close the feeling became firmer again.
?wcrelight, scattering rains at different points, suffi
cient to replenish the water supply of some of the
smaller towns, but not enough to materially benefit
the crop, which is past redemption in many places.
THE weather continued the leading factor in trade
last week. The corn belt still languished under
heat and drought, and business throughout that
large area, covering the States of Iowa, Nebraska,
Missouri, Kansas and the Territory of Oklahoma, be
sides portions of Illinois, Indiana and Ohio, suffered
in consequence. Toward the close of the week there
THE WEATHER AND BUSINESS.
Never before in American history has a political
leader been so discredited as Bryan. Of him it may
be truly said he rose like a rocket and came down
like a stick. He no longer has any support as a
Presidential candidate, and it is questionable if he can
much longer retain much patronage as the editor of
the Commoner.
It is not from the South only that such declarations
come. The Albany Argus says : ' "The process which
might be .better called rehabilitation than reorganiza
tion is quietly doing its work all over the country,
and the Ohio convention is. merely a' sort of first
fruits or visible evidence of the practical unanimity of
the Democratic party indemanding^that^dead issues
and disastrous alliances be dropped." The Boston
Post says: "In refusing to reaffirm thcKansas City
platform or to express continued confidence in Mr.
Bryan, the Ohio Democrats, have set a good ex
ample to the party throughout the country."
Practical politicians among the Democrats are say
ing much the same as the Democratic press. Thus"
in Pennsylvania, where there is to be a Democratic
State convention en August 15, .it is accounted as cer
tain that the Ohio lead will be followed. One of the
members of the Democratic State : Committee when
questioned about the situation answered by saying,
"There is no political situation this year." Others,
however, have been more outspoken, and made it
clear that the Kansas City platform will not be again
indorsed by Pennsylvania Democrats. v
The Richmond Times is more severe. It con
demns the silver leader as well as the silver platform,
and saysf "Mr. Fryan's leadership has not only been
a flat failure, but it has cost the Democratic party
almost its existence. Mr. Bryan has done about as
much as any one man could do to disrupt the party
and destroy its organization. It" was largely through
his influence that the party formed an alliance with
Populists and Free Silver Republicans, and it was
Mr. Bryan's idea to drive away from the party all
Democrats who were opposed to. his peculiar doc
trines, and then to form a new party of all sorts and
conditions of men who believed in Bryanism."
, The Memphis Commercial Appeal hails the Ohio
platform as something in the nature of political sal
vation. It says: , "The Ohio Democracy records its
weariness of failure and defeat. It turns its back upon
free silver as a dead issue. It breaks away from a
leadership which, honorable and well meaning as it
has been, has brought the Democratic party to a cori
dition of nerveless disintegration."
AMPLE time has now been given for the rad
ical Bryanites to recover from- the blow dealt
them by the Democratic convention in Ohio,
but with the exception of a feeble and futile attempt
to organize a bolt in that State they have shown no
signs; of fighting back. * Oh the other hand, from' all
partfc of the Union come reports of Democratic com
mendation of what was done* in Ohio. Many papers
speak kindly of Bryan himself, but for Bryanism they
have nothing to say in the way of approval and very
little in the way of excuse. '
THE END OF BRYANISM.
A.Suffolk minister has agreed to' buy each par
ishioner who pleads shabbihess for non-attendance at
church a new suit of clothes. The gentleman, it is
said, has hitherto showed no signs of softening of the
brain.
MONDAY......:........ ......JULY 29, 1901
_ •
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, {^P^o^^ _
Uizut All Commnniwtioiu.te W. B. LEAKE, H"MS«-,. .
M A\AGEIljS OFFICE. ......Telephone Press 204
t'lBLlCATIOA' OFFICE!. . .Market and Third, S. F.
Tclepbone Pren 201.
EDITORIAL IIOO3IS. 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Single Cople*. 5 Cento.
Term* by Mail. Inclndlnp:. Pontnsrei
DAILT CALL rtnchidinr Sunday), one year .". M-0"
DAILT CALX. {Including Sunday). « montbe «- M
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). « month! 1 - M
PAILT CALD-By Elntfe Month *?*
FtJXDAT CALL. One Tear......... ..— '••••• 1 - H>
WEEKLT CALL, One Tear 1M
All postmaster* nre nnthorlxed to receive
subscription*. '", •;
Ftmpit copies -will be forwarded when requeued.
Mall subterlberf In erderta* charors er addrea* should. toe,
r»rttail«r to riv* both JJEW ANT) OLD ADDRESS in order
to loror* a prompt end correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXKSS.
Vutger Foreign AJnrtiiing. K&rquKte Building. Cfcletgs.
<Locr Distance Telephone "Central 26U.*') .
KKW TORK CORRESPONDKNT:
C O. CARLTO5 Ilernld Square
NEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
fTKPnET B. SMITH 3O Tribune Building
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf •Aetorla Hotel; A. Brentano. 81 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hctel. .-,¦" ':
ITU ATVCn OFFICES— 617 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
Botfl •:»> o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 63J
ktcAUlster. open until S:30 o'clock. CIS Larktn. open until
f :» 0* clock. 1541 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 23S1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until t o'clock. lf*8 Valencia, open
until • o'clock. 1M Eleventh, open until • o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
KM Wlltnore. open until > p. m. .
Secretary of the Navy Long has very properly decided to ex
clude the third valuma of Maclay's "History of the Navy"
SALT LAKE HERALD.
;It is not possible to believe that a* man of the character that
Maclay paints Schley could have arisen to the prominence he
has and have been honored as he has at the hands of his
superiors.
Hy; ynTr.ATYET.PTTTA RECORD. - -
Sampson may be no great shucks as proofreader of Mr.
Maclay's history, but what he does not know about social
functions, both at home and abroad, would not fill a sheet of
common typewriting paper. . •
ST. PAUL GLOBE.
Mr. Maclay, "whose prev!6us work has proved him a good
historian of .the past, has in his later volume concerning the
war with Spain condemned Rear Admiral Schley with unspar
ing severity, charging him with falsehood and cowardice, and
in so. much expressing partisanship to a degree which unfits
the work for a textbook in the present generation at least.
SPRINGFIELD (MASS.) REPUBLICAN.
• • ' •
The country now understands pretty thoroughly the malicious
and slanderous character of the book that Edgar Stanton
Maclay wrote under the guise of history. It has been repu
diated by the Secretary of the Navy and the author so branded
by the officials 'of the Navy Department and by the public
press that his standing as a historical writer is forever de
stroyed*
BALTIMORE AMERICAN.
In approving Mr. Maclay's history of the Santiago naval
battle and Indirectly confirming- all the bitter things which
that history says about Admiral Schley, Admiral Sampson
seejns to have imperiled whatever halo of heroism he may have
had. For a large number of American citizens, who know little
or nothing about} naval maneuvers, but 'who have fixed Ideas'
as to ordinary civility and fair play, this is Sampson's finish.
CHICAGO DAILY NEWS.
It is no light thing for a man of'his position and services
to be charged, in an official naval history, with being a run
away, a recusant, a caitiff, a cur, a scoundrel and a coward.
The public doesn't believe that Schley is any of these things;
if he Is not, the historian ought to' be branded with disgrace
for the rest of his life. -The: strange thing is that Sampson,
so venomous in his jealousy and hatred of Schley, should have
approved such accusations.
PORTLAND (OR.) TELEGRAM.
? ? . •
Even the most reckless champions of Admiral Sampson en
tertain a suspicion that Maclay has gone beyond the bounds
of decency and fairness in his application oft, the most deroga
tory adjectives and epithets to the action of Admiral Schley
in the Santiago campaign, while on the part of the Impartial
and judicious public .there has been aroused a feeling of dis
gust at the attempt to palm off as history the venomous tirades
of the ex-lighthouse keeper. ¦ • ..-
PHTLADEIiPHIA TEl^EORAPH.
In vivid contrast to the conduct of Admiral Sampson in this
controversy has been that of Admiral Schley. He has carried
his honors with unassuming modesty and. that simple, manli
ness that the people expect in a great naval leader: Alike
under tho fire of shell and of printers' Ink, he has proved
himself a man above all else, while Sampson has had the mis
fortune to give ample grounds for the charge of caddlshness.
That is the difference between them. '-:V V --,J?KBBS
ANACONDA STANDARD.
How 'could It come to pass that a "laborer" on the payrolls
of, the Brooklyn navy yard, employed ostensibly In the light
house service at $2.24 per diem, should, be the .author of a
"History of the Navy," a "History of American , Privateers"
and ' "Reminiscences of the Old Navy" and other literary
biographical and historical works? How, also, does it* come
to pass that he is so successful as to have his history adopted
as a textbook in the naval academy, and , before it Is com
pleted even? . . ...
PROVIDENCE. TELEGRAM.
* • • ?
Our neighbor the Sun, In its issue of yesterday, speaks of
Mr. Maclayras "the most ' distinguished living American his
torian.". Of course, he is— or dead, either. Anybody who knows
the qualities of the true historian Instantly detects them all in
Mr. Maclay. Where on earth did he get them? A Washington
dispatch to j the Times is the humble means of disclosing the
secret of this historian's training: "He "was formerly an edi
torial .writer on the New York Sun, and was appointed to his
present position on August 23, .1900, having been transferred
from the lighthouse service." So he was bred. in that school
of sanctity!
NEW YORK TIMES.
THE newspapers of the country are devoting considerable
space, editorially and otherwise, to the Sampson-Sergey
controversey. "Historian" Maclay, whose third volume
of the ."History of the Navy," recently published,
started the discussion; is having coals of fire heaped upon his
head by the press in all sections, and officials in the navy are
also .being "severely- criticized for their attitude toward the
gallant officer who- commanded the s Brooklyn at" the battle of
Santiago. Brief extracts from the . editorials' of many of the
leading newspapers follow: *
It will be interesting to note what sort of a "loop" the dis
credited Maclay will make in his revised version of Schley at
Santiago. Nothing that he can write upon the subject, how
ever, will be accepted as conclusive.
«•
• If Maclay's quality may be measured by his ebullition re
garding- Schley (ex pede Herculem), he is unfit to write his
tory. "We think better of Admiral Sampson than to -believe ha
gave his sanction to this prejudicial rant.
> • * * „
CHAJtXESTOir NEWS AND COTJHIER.
BOSTON HERALD.
• Well, as the country has already rendered its decision. In the
wearisome . Sampson-Schley controversy, we need onfy * insist
on proper punishment for this- Maclay who used viperous
language not' found at all In the' Sampson' report.
COIiTJDtBTTS (OHIO) PBESS-POST.
No officer In the service has dared to say openly what the
bureau clique have Inspired Irresponsible •writers to utter
against Schley, and Maclay, though he is carried on the navy
yard payroll, is not within the range of a naval court.
PHILADELPHIA TIMES.
Is thisi fellow Maclay going to be permitted to further dis
grace tte service of the United States by remaining in it, even,
as a laborer? The navy ring which used him, as an instrument
to defame a gallant officer of the navy should be compelled
to support him.
CINCINNATI ENQUIRER.
* , , • ¦*„ ¦ •
The fact that the Brooklyn inflicted 58 per cent of the Injury
done to the Spanish cruisers and suffered 54 per cent of .the
punishment inflicted upon the American fleet should make any
inquiry unnecessary, but persistent misrepresentation calls for
a final adjudication.
PITTSBTJRG DISPATCH.
If any cowardice was shown no one will ever make th»
American people believ9 that a vestige of it waa displayed by
Schley. Schley has proved himself not only a brave but a
strong man, and every attack on him does nothing more than
elevate him in the public's regard.
CINCINNATI POST.
His book not only assumes to be an exhaustive and direct
study of reports and other original sources, but It has excel
lent sponsorship and good acceptance. At the same time it 13
useless to attempt to link anybody connected with the Gov
ernment with the responsibility for the charges.
NEW YORK MAXL AND EXPRESS.
1 It is rot creditable to the department that the adoption of
such a book was sanctioned, whether Inadvertently or with
connivance of one or more subordinates, and Secretary Long,
while he has lost no time in stopping the wrong, has perhaps
not yet done all that is necessary to do In the case.
NEW YORK TRIBUNE.
He accuses him of actions "most humiliating, cowardly and
contemptible." Whatever substance of truth there lies behind
this, it | can scarcely be sufficient to warrant stigmatizing
Schley, who had shown himself a man of spirit and gallantry,
as well as a skillful officer, on many occasions, as a coward.
NEWARK NEWS.
• • •
Maclay. hitherto unknown, has succeeded In getting himself
very widely advertised rs a historical writer, but it is the sort
of advei Using his publishers will regret. The Naval Depart
ment should at least see to It that the Maclay books one and
all are no longer recognized as authority at any Government
UTICA PRESS.
• • • •
DENVER NEWS.
Sehlev was patriotic enough to serve faithfully and loyally
under Sampson, his Inferior in rank, and when Sampson was
twelve miles away, fought and destroyed the Spanish neet. In
his report Sampson never mentioned Bchley s name. He
seemed determined to crush Schley. Tho people will not have
in that Aral'. . . ' -
This civilian critic, in his zeal to serve his cause, has gone
beyond :!air judgment upon Schley.. however severe that may
be, and incidentally has presented the severest possible ar
raignment of the Navy Department which could permit honors
to be bestowed upon such an obviou3 liar and coward aa
Maclay declares Schley to be.
ARMY A2JD NAVY JOURNAL.
MOBILE BEGISTEE.
He put in the hardest words he could think of and sent the
proofs to the department chiefs, expecting then* to ma * e tn *»r
choice, cutting out what they did not like: but the proofs went
through without alteration and nobody Is willing to say ha
read tho part that describes Schley as a coward, a liar, ft
caitiff, an incompetent and insubordinate.
from us* as a textbook at the .naval, academy at Annapolis.
The Secretary also contradicts the published statement of
Maclay that he had knowledge of the intended attack made
upon Admiral Schley in advance of publication.
Speaking of his own views upon the issues of the
time Rosebery declared for a vigorous prosecution
of the war against the Boers, but avowed a decided
antagonism to the methods and tactics of the; Min
isters. Under the circumstances he declared he would
have to, walk. apart from. political organizations and
"plow his furrow atone,": but he added significantly
that perhaps before he got to the end of the furrow
he might find he .was not alone. It appears from that
statement, that he is, bidding^or a following which
will give him absolute , leadership. In other words,
the noble Earl seems to be a pretty good British" imi
tation of an American mugwump.
to the party :as". the' Ministry is dangerous to the em
pire. r ' • ; t *\r • ' '• ' . •' * .H**
There has been a. good fdeal of 'speculation as to'
what Rosebery means to ( .do.V He himself: has spoken
updn^the subject in but a dubious way." : Still it would
seem he is dissatisfied not only with the .present lead
ership of the Liberals but with the. party itself. In a'
recent- address he is quoted as saying that no man
now living can remember; in Great Britain another
Government which had crowded into its administra
tion such an assemblage of error, weakness and
wholesale blunders as the present one, and that the
failures of i the : Government should be" the oppor
tunity of the -opposition. He added that if the Lib
erals did not undertake the task another, party would
be created- for the purpose.
Under the primary election law there can be none
of the fraud or force by which Kelly and others like
him have, in times past, defeated the will of the party.
In this" election every vote will be counted. The bosses
will, of course, carry as many heelers and toughs into
the primaries as they can manage to pass off as Re
publicans, but there will not be enough of them to
turn the tide if the true Republicans of the city attend
to their political duties. The issue is, therefore, one
in which we may say with Lieutenant Governor
Northcott: "He who strives for the elevation and
purification of the Government is as much a patriot as
he who shoulders a musket in the defense of the na
tion."
To oppose the banded bosses the better elements
of the Republican party have organized and are fight
ing in the interests of the city and of its people. The
Republican Primary League is pledged to no particu
lar candidate, nor is it antagonistic to any. It seeks
only to bring out the full vote of the party at the
primaries so that the delegates elected to the nomina
ting convention will be thoroughly representative of
the party. A victory for the league at the primaries
will mean an honest convention, an honest ticket and
an honest city government. It is therefore a victory
for whose accomplishment every stalwart and genuine
Republican should work and vote.
The appeal then addresses itself directly to the civic
patriotism of the rank and file of the Republican party."
In this contest the question whether we are to have
good government or bad is to be determined by Re
publicans. That much is recognized by the bosses
themselves and by the whole predatory class of politi
cians. They have united and are fighting with all the
energy of men who see spoils in sight.' To ¦ Kelly's
aid Gage has brought the State machine, and Herrin,
in defiance of the orders of President Hays, is trying
once more to swing the Southern Pacific Railroad in
the old way. Each of the leaders in the combination
hopes to make a personal profit out of the victory if
it be gained, and most of their hungry following of
taxeaters have also hopes of sharing in the spoils. It
is a ravenous crowd that seeks to capture San Fran
cisco and divide the loot.
In the present political situation if is not too much
to say that the task of preserving the city from boss
rule depends. upon the better elem'ent of the Republi
can party. Democracy, discredited and demoralized,
will hardly be able to do anything to redeem itself.
It is to the Republican party, therefore, that inde
pendent voters and taxpayers look for the nomination
of a ticket that will have the confidence of good men
and assure the community of economy, honesty and
efficiency in the administration of public affairs. If
that expectation be disappointed the Republicans
might as well abandon the contest, for independent
voters, and, indeed, many stanch and true Republi
cans, will not support a ticket nominated under the
domination of Kelly and Herrin.
That warning and invocation comes as pertinent
and as timely to the people of San Francisco as to
the members of the bar of Illinois. In the approach
ing municipal election it is to be determined how our
local laws are to be made and how' our city govern
ment is lo be carried on. The issue will be deter
mined "largely by the tesult of the primaries. If good
citizens remain away from* the polls and the bosses
get control of the nominating conventions, then good
citizens will have no ether option than that of ratify
ing the choice of one of two party bosses, and we shall
have in our municipal affairs a repetition of all the old
inefficiency, corruption and dishonesty that have con
stituted the basis of so many scandals in the past.
B'EFORE the Illinois Bar Association, at its re
cent meeting, Lieutenant -Governor. Northcott
of that State, io reported to ha\x said in" the
course of^n address on "How Laws Are Made": *'I
want to say to you, iry brothers, that unless- we. go
to the rescue of the Goverrtrnent the political future
is very' dark. Don't ¦ be satisfied with .going to the
polls and voting to ratify the choice of either one of
the two party bosses. The citizens of. this country
must interest themselves in politics. He who' strives
for the elevation and purification of the Government
is as much a patriot as he who shoulders a musket in
the defense of the nation."
AN ISSUE OF PATRIOTISM.
DEFAMERS OF ADMIRAL SCHLEY
CONDEMNED BY AMERICAN PRESS
THE SAN FRANCISCO y;CALtV;^MpN-PAY>i;;JUIjY. ; - 29;;= 1901.
An enterprising New Yorker has opened in London
a marriage bureau by which he* expects to arrange
weddings between titled Britishers and American
lien-esses. It is deeply to be hoped that he will not
discover idiocy* to be an American national trait.
; ; Brigadier ; General . Robert,- H. Hall ; ar
rived 'on~ the ' transport ] Meade yesterday
and registered . at ' the Occidental. ' General
Hall was colonel '• of ; the \ Fourth Infantry,'
¦which was -.the • first >• to go to "the ' Philip-,
pines by .way of ¦• the ' Suez / canal ; at . the
4
Call nubscrlbem contemplating;' a change of
residence during- the summer months can. havn
(heir paper forwarded by mail to their new
addresses by notifying The Call Business Office.
Thi» paper Trill also be on Male at all summer
renorti and. is represented by a local' agent la.
all town* on the coast. ¦
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIHG TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Central— "The Enstrn."
Tlvoll— "Alda."
California— "The Case of Rebellious Susan."
Orpbeum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Garrett O'Maeh."
Alcasai^-'The Adventures of Nell Gwynne."
Grand Opera -house-^* 'The Senator."
Olympla. cornfr Mason and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Th«ater — Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fiscber'e-Vaudeville. • "
Butro Baths— Swtmminff.
AMUSEMENTS.
. 'Special • Information suppUud "dally to
business houses and . public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery street Telephone Mtiin 1042. •
"Woman will never be able to have her-
self placed upon an equality with man as
long as* her ' letters are delivered at ' the
house. ; :•-. — '
Cal. glace fruit 60c per lb at townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend's. Palace Hotel*CALIFORNIA GAELIC LEAGUE'S
FIRST PRESIDENT AND SCEICE
OF ELECTION TO OFFICE.
month. *
The call for the convention was issued
by T. J. Mellott, president of the central
branch of San Francisco, the following
named delegates being present at the
meeting:
Central branch of San Francisco— J. Deasy,
P. H. Cunningham. C. J. Collins, W. Des
mond. M. . J. Hocan, T. J. Cannon, Miss L.
liarr, Mi's M. A. Henecan, Miss M. O'Leary,
W. Mullins and T. Lynch.
St. Brendon'a branch, San Francisco— Rev.
Fathers J. Nugent, P. Qulnn, P. McKugh and
M. Clifford.
8t. Peter'a branch, Ban Francisco— Rev.
Fathers Peter C. Yorke and W. Lyons.
Carqulnes branch— P. J. Murphy.
Gaelio Choral Society. San Francisco— P. J.
Madlmn, Georre J. Lowe. Miss M. A. Harry.
Mtss F. X. Parr and Miss D. Culllnane.
Crockett branch— J. J. Canlffe, P. J. Murphy
and Connor Murphy.
i Port Costa branch— J. P. Casey, J. O"Dono
van and D. McCarthy.
Oakland branch-T. F. Marshall, D. 8. Mc-
Carthy, n. T. Connelly, M. J. Lawless, Hush
O'Kane and S. Mahoney.
T. J. Mellott, who was appointed perma
nent chairman, stated that the object of
p«i ¦ «a HE first convention of the various
II ' Gaelic leagues located In this city
I and around tho bay was held yes-
JJL terday afternoon at the Knights of
the Red Branch Hall, 1133 Mission
street, when a State organization was per
fected, State officers elected and a dele
pate selected to attend the convention of
the National League in Chicago next
financial secretary; 0. A. Lowe, corresponding
secretary; Jeremiah Dflasy, treasurer; Miss M.
A. Barry, librarian. Board of directors-Con
nor Murphy. Rev. Father Lyons. C. J. Collins.
Rev. Father Nugent, T. S. Marshall, Miss
Minnie O'Leary and Judge Casey.
Tho Natlonul Convention of the Gaelic
Lengruo of America will meet In Chicago
on AuRust 26. A number of famous 8peak<
ers will take part in the proceedings, and
mnny of tho addresses to bo delivered
will bo In the Gaelic tongue. A military
mnsa und monBter entertainment will bo
features of tho convention.
I)r. Douglnn Hyde, a dUttnffulshed pro
fesHor of Trinity ColleRO, Ireland, In th<j
m-oaldont of tho International Gaelic
Lcneuo, und it is hoped thnt ho will at
tend tho convention In Chicago.
, . Islington : is the most thickly, populated
parish in; England.: having 112 persons to
the acre."i Bolton' comes next.
GiSAND RAPIDS, ; July ; 28.--Mrs. . An
tonla -Van VOosten; an- ""..aged
woman, fell >dead from the .heat on the
street to-day, - while ;; on .her "way •; from
church.': She was supposed to- be In very
poor circumstances, but a cloth pouch was
found * tied -about, her vwaist ".-under ¦ her
skirts containing '¦ $1045 in sold and bills.
Drops Dead From -the \ Heat.
CLEVELAND, . Ohio", July 28.— In a row
at Forest City Park last night'O.B. See- :
fred, manager, of the park, it is .claimed,
shot Into' the. crowd that was. raising;. a
disturbance and fatally Injured Thomas
Murtagh. Erward Yarnhan - was shot in
the knee,' but not seriously injured. ¦¦ See
fred was arrested. . ¦ : -
Shot Into the Crowd;
; Roy •'Wilson, ¦ 22 years of : age, was ar
rested yesterday | afternoon j by Policeman
Hurd and booked at the City Prison on a
charge of burglary.- Edward Nordberg.a
carpenter, living at 459 , Geary street, re
turned: to i his room ' after two : hours" ab
sence and could not unlockHhe door. In
a few minutes .; he tried ; again • and was
successful. ; When he : entered Wilson was
seated ' on " the - lounge , and accounted for
his presence^ there by saying that his
friend, , a barber named Stewart, occupied
the room and ; had gone out for some
whisky. Nordberg detained him until Po
liceman . Hurd arrived. ; r - ,- ,; % : .'¦¦¦ ¦¦¦¦ ¦> .
Boom Thief Arrested.
Fifty-yard race— J. " Sundbergr flrtsty'J. Erasmy
second, r Under-water • swimming— H. Jackson
first,' P. Sundbergr second. Tub race^-W. Car
roll first,' J. Heinze second. 100-yard amateur
race— D. Miller first, " P. * Sundberg . second:
Springboard, dlvlngr— J. Sundbergr . first prize. P.
Sundberg second prize. High, diving for boys —
P. Sundberg first prize, W. Carroll second
prize. ¦• ' . • < "" ¦' ; ~
It was cold and windy at the park and
beach yesterday, and the result was small
"crowds, and • no . excitement. . Considering
the condition of the weather, the crowd at
the Chutes was of good- proportions, the
various features being enjoyed by all.
Following are the results at Sutro Baths:
Sunday at. Pleasure Places.
LONDON, July 28.— The supply of money
was rather scanty .last week, as the Gov
ernment's, disbursements, after the pay
ments onu-the .consol loan, were small.
Consequently, v although there -was little
demand,: rates remained steady. Ameri
cans 5 were dull., A quiet liquidation pro
ceeded in' many centers, and it is believed
that this about concludes the liquidation.
Therefore, with prices at about the lowest
figures, a favorable reaction may reason
ably be expected, i At present, however,
there is i little local ; enthusiasm. -Nor is
there any continental support, the conti
nental bourses . having troubles of their
own. BM '.¦>." "¦ ' •'¦.;¦ '. ¦•;-'•"• '••./,; '.V-
Hope Is pinned to Americana, and the
hardening tendency in New York has been
followed by somewhat more steadiness in
London. A settlement of the steel . strike
would aid materially. Authentic figures as
to ¦ the . extent of ; the damage to crops in
the United States are eagerly, awaited for
their effect upon grangers. ; Home rails
were fairly steady In spite of the distress
ing dividend reports. The bears • sold
shorts recklessly > in anticipation of unfa
vorable news, but the rear holders did not
throw over.; to f any great extent. ', Conse
quently : the - bears were forced - to cover,
.which had the effect of upholding prices.,.
Hope Pinned to Aanericans.
• American . railway securities were; more
active than usual and there was special
activity in Canadians. This movement,
however, was wholly dependent upon
New York: and fluctuated sharply. y :
The German ; revenue from custom and
internal duties- • for the June -quarter
showed a decline of 10,500,000 marks. Ger
many's foreign trade for the first six
months of this , year , shows : imports de
clined 106,500,000 marks ..and exports de
clined 73,000,000 marks. ; . • :,.
The tone of the week's market is mir
rored In the foregoing quotations. The
causes were the publication of the condi
tion of the Leipzelger Bank, showing, a
state of things much more rotten than
had been expected; the Ter Linden reve-'
lations, which caused heavy losses to va
rious banks and forced the liquidation of
the Rheinische Bank and of a private
bank in Crefeld, the run on a savings
bank in Hanover, the curtailment of
hours in the Westphalian coal mines, and,
finally, the tariff bill, which the Boerse
regards as a national calamity. •• ;
The only strength the market displayed
was in domestic Government funds. :
More Eotten Than Expected.
"No week passes without reveal
ing outrageous mismanagement in
some Gorman stock company. A feeling
of deep humiliation therefore burdens the
mercantile classes, growing heavier and
heavier. The German name is tarnished
before foreign countries for years, • and
the whole nation must suffer in conse
quence."
The Vosslsche Zeltung says: "Swindling
operations like those of Schmidt and Ter
Linden can be performed only in an era
of financial credulity like the ope we have
just had."* . . r
The National Zeitung complains that
"the improvement of the market is" pre
vented by a growing distrust ! which is
continually looking | for irregularities' and
crimes in the management of companies."
BERLIN, July 28.— The weekly financial
reviews read like confessions of national
financial sins. The Krcuz Zcitung begins
thus:
Germany's Name Tar
nished by Mismanage
'ment of Concerns.
FINANCIAL SINS
DULY CONFESSED
Manager .Charpentier of the French
Railway Company, who sails for New
York to-morrow, has with him the recent
ly granted franchise, to be submitted to
President McKinley for his signature. He
will then proceed to Paris to confer with
the directors and the company/The fran
chise, which has been hanging fire for two
years, is considered the most reasonable
yet granted by the council.
A. H. Dexter, an American attorney,
sails on the same steamer with a signed
franchise issued to a telephone company,
empowering them to connect the local Sys
tems of San Juan, Ponce and Mayaguese
by, a long-distance line. Dexter has also
authority from the City of SanJuan to
float a loan of $75,000 for the construction
of a pier. , \v ; y. . ,
Numerous promoters arid capitalists
have visited the island, have declared that
this or that investment would bring good
returns, and then have gone away never
to be heard .from again.
Good -Keturns for Investments.
Nevertheless, scarcely an instance can
be cited where any considerable amount
of American capital has been invested in
Porto Rican enterprises. ; .
• SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, July 28.— Events
have already proved that the tax law
drawn up by. the Legislators of this* island
will provide ample means tot the Island's
requirements. This Indicates that Porto
Rico is more prosperous than it was a
couple of years ago. Steady Improvement
has been made since the day General
Miles landed at Guanica, three years ago.
The people are In better physical condi
tion and work with more spirit. Planta
tions that went unworked for a long time
are beginning to show signs of prosperity.
There is more shipping In the harbor and
the signs generally indicate better condi
tions.
Prosperity in Porto Rico.
Among the passengers was J. Garrison,
Auditor of Porto Rico. He informed the
inspectors that according 1 to the Presi
dent's proclamation free trade now exi&ts
between the United States and Porto Rico.
The inspectors asserted that they had no
oflici.il information to that effect and Gar
rison complied with the order to dump
the contents. of his dozen trunks on the
pier. The baggage of all the other pas
sengers were similarly inspected.
After this general overhauling of bag
gage a telephone message was received
to seize only cigarettes in lots of over 400.
The inspectors assert that while they
know free trade now exists between this
country and Porto Rico they don't know
Jt officially, and that It will be several
days before the new order can be put into
effect. . ¦ . ¦ •- .
NEW YORK, July 28.— The Bteamship
Ponce, from, San Juan, Porto Rico, July
23, docked in Brooklyn this afternoon. As
Ehe s teamed up the bay , tho customs tug
came alongside and two officers boarded
the Ponce and took the passengers' decla
rations. As soon as the Ponce docked
customs house inspectors examined the
baggage of the passengers, eighty In num
ber. All cigars and cigarettes were seized
and the owners were told to "come back
toi-morrow for them."
Free Trade With Porto
Rico Is Not Offici
ally Established.
ALL CIGARETTES
PROMPTLY SEIZED
the convention was to perfect a State or
ganization and affiliate with the Ameri
can and Irish leagues.,
The Gaelic leagues are the result of tho
work of the zealous priest, the late
Father O'Grownoy, formerly of Dublin,
whose life ambition wns to establish the
study of tho ancient Irish language, Its
literature, art and music.
Father O'Orownoy Idled some yeara ago
in Arizona, but the work he commenced
has thrived and branches of the Gaelic
League are to bo found in many parts of
the world.
Father Peter C. Yorke was unanimously
elected yesterday as the delefrate to at
tend tho National Convention In Chicago,
ami he wan uIho given the entire vote of
the delegates ' an president of tho new
State ortrnnlzntion.
• In upoaklnK of the work of Father
O'Grownoy, a glowing tribute, was paid
by Father Yorko and also by T, F, Mar
shall, who introduced a resolution that a
Mrs. Minnie Cohn, whoso husband Is a
glazier at Bush and Fillmore streets,
dragged herself ta the door of the resi
dence of A. H. Vail of the firm of San
born, Vail & Co.. at 2213 Webster street,
begged for a phu«s of milk and died a
ehort time afterward In convulsions.
Dr. Herzog of the Lane Hospital, who
was called by the Vail family, arrived
shortly before the woman breathed her
last and expressed his opinion that ar
senic poisoning had brought death. In
view of the mysterious features of the
case Coroner's Deputies Meehan and Don
ahue made an investigation. They found
that last evening Mrs. Cohn, who is the
mother of four children and resides at 1812
Webster street, announced her intention
of remaining at home and. her husband
went downtown. Later she concluded to
take a • walk and passed down Webster
street alone. As she approached the Vail
residence, four blocks distant, she was
observed to falter and stagger. She
climbed the stairs with difficulty and
when the door was opened,* entered and
begged for a glass of milk, saying she was
ill. The Vails did not know their visitor,
but did everything possible for her relief.
Thinking whisky would revive her, they
gave her some and then .telephoned for
Dr. Herzog. Before the physician ar
rived the patient had convulsions and be
came unconscious. -
What caused Mrs. Cohn's death is a
mystery. . The doctor saya he detected
symptoms of arsenic poisoning. The re
quest of the woman for milk and the con
vulsions are regarded as circumstances
tending to the belief that poison played
a part In the case. Cohn says that his
wife had, been ill for some time and that
her heart was affected. .
Mrs. Minnie Cohn Dies
at Door of the Vail
Residence.
BEGS FOR MILK,
THEN EXPIRES
Whenever such prayers are offered up, when
ever we petition Almighty God for. rain, when
ever we pray to him to avert the storm or Tho
hurricane. ¦ a number of half-fledged scientists
rise up to rebuke us. They cry out, supersti
tion t They 1 say that such prayers are worse
than useless. They claim that science has de
monstrated the folly of them, that science has
shown that the world is governed by natural
laws with which God dare not Interfere.
They have noted certain facts or phenomena
hvthe physical world. They have studied and
compared these facts and discovered that they
are subservient to certain order. This order
Is what we commonly call natural law. Tho
scientist does not look beyond that law. He
will explain and account for everything ao
cording to It. He will deny any outside in
telligence regulating, governing or dliectlng
tha laws of nature.
Such Is the argument of the scientists. They
can trace cause and effect for a certain dis
tance, but there they must stop. They cannot
analyze the infinite, they cannot classify Divine
intelligence according to any of their laws;
they cannot weigh him In their balance or ex
amine him beneath their microscope. Rut back
of all natural law. is God. Listen to the great
scientists on the subject. Sir Isaac Newton de
clared that natural philosophy without God was
an Impossibility. Lord Kelvin wrote that
"overpowering proofs of Intelligence and
benevolent design He around us showing us
through nature the Influence of a free will and
teaching us that all living beings depend upon
one ever-actinsr Creator and Ruler." Note his
words. "Thfi Influence of a free will" is still
manifest.. "Living beings depend upon one
ever-actlng Creator and Ruler." Professors
Stewart and Talt write that "we assume as
absolutely self-evident the existence of a Deity
who' la the Creator and Ruler of all things."
Not merely Creator, mind you, but also nuler.
God,' who created the universe, who instituted
the laws of nature, did not hurl that universe
Into space without any further thought of It
nor did he place those laws outMde his control.
They are still subject .to him. They are his to
change or to suspend.
God Not a Machine.
God Is a person with free will. He Is not a
machine. lie 1b not subject to the laws which
he has made. He made those laws and he Tina
not surrendered tho government of them. He
Is our Father, all-wise, all-loving, all-power
ful. He wishes that we should ask for what we
need and he has promised to grant our petitions.
He even makes the granting ot the favor de
pend on our asking. He has so told us by his
Divine Bon. When nffllctlon visits us ho de
sires that we should petition him to remove it.
When his hand presses upon us he waits until
we lift ur> voice ot prayer tn him. He has
fashioned hla eternal decree ao aa to take ac
count of tho prayers of his children.
In tha harmony of creation, prayer holds t\
conspicuous place. It It one of the great force*
of the world.
Half-Fledged Scientists.
At St. Mary's Cathedral last evening a
large congregation attended the service
and ft listened rf to k an eloquent sermon,
preached by Rev. Father Philip O'Ryan.
In part Father O'Ryan said:
In opening one of the morning papers I was
astonished to find an Ill-mannered and Irre
ligious attack on tho practice, prevalent
among Christian people, of praylnjr for rain.
The, ocratlon of this uncalled for article wa»
the fact that prayers had been offered up to
Almighty God by the Christian people in the
States afflicted with drought. The sapient
and enUsrhtened editor could not brook such
dark and lamentable superstition. Ho must
needs lift up his voice In protest. In choice
language he brands such prayers as '.'an occu
pation for Darkest Africa." He places those
who presume to nsk Almighty God for tem
poral favora on a level with the African sav
age. He hears cheap and vulgar ridicule on
them. He insults the faith and Intelligence,
not only of those who turn to Ood In their
hour of affliction, but of all who believe In a
divine providence. What right has he to con
demn the religious practices of Christian peo
ple? Which of the prophets Is he that he
should stt In Judgment on the faith and tra
ditions • of. tho Christian ages? Th;s Insult,
for Insult it is. should not go unrebuked and
Ihe editor in question should be taught to re
spect the rellclous beliefs and intelligence of
his readers.
Refutes Theory That Creator
Cannot Change the Laws
of Nature.
Father O'Ryan Preaches
Eloquent Sermon at
Cathedral.
USE OF PRAYER
IS WORLD FORCE
league on state lines organized
to perpetuate gaelic language
The Rev.* Father Peter C. Yorke Is Elected President and Is
the Unanimous Choice of the Delegates to Represent
California Association at Chicago National Convention
memorial be erected to the memory of
the founder of the order. -
Father Yorke feelingly dwelt upon his
friendship with Father O'Growney, with
whom he studied in Maynooth College. He
told of the earnest efforts, of the young
priest to revive the ancient tongue of Ire
land and how he had lived with the peas
ants In order to study the facts of -the
dying language. These facts Father
O'Growney had embodied in , his books,
and the study of the Irish language was
made easy and possible to all.,
The name of the new organization will
bo the Gaelic League of California, and
it will establish sub-branches throughout
the State.- .
The list of State officers elected at yes
terday's convention, in addition to Father
Yorke as president, Includes tho following
named:
T. J. Mellott. vice president; Miss Frances
Barr, recording secretary; D. B. -McCarthy,
THE SAOST FBA^CISCO CALL, MONDAY^ v^tJLT 29, 1901;
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SOLICITORS.
530 CALIFORNIA ST.
303 CALIFORNIA ST.
DOUGLAS B. WATSON, City Agent,
S. FIGEL & SON, Y. D . EHRHARDT
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers,
H. VATKE, President.
BERNDT. Vice President.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 6th
flay of April, 1901. MAX J. BUELER,
%•- : ; •':* ¦¦-¦ ¦ , U. S. Consul.
. all other sources I 64,372 32
Received for Rents 17,601 99
Received from all other sources.... 84,503 23
Total Income $4,574,959 94
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including $842,046 66, losses of pre-
vious years) ...-•- $3,047,00" 43
Dividends to Stockholders 225,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 800,024 97
Paid for Salaries. Fees, and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 173,18117
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 80,25101
All other payments and expendi-
tures' 173,243 94
Total Expenditures $4,498,708 62
premiums ....$1,410,781 60
Received for Interest on Bonds and ¦
Mort&sges .\ 47,700 78
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
INCOME."
Net cash actually received for Fire
Total Liabilities $2,775,152 17
In Suspense $533,751 68
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, $ ;
reinsurance 60 per cent 1,651,751 71
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $ ;
reinsurance pro rata 299,953 39
Cash dividends remaining unpaid.... 750 00
All other liabilities 2S8.943 39
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of Adjustment or
I ::*-." ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $S34,1S9 87
1-oano on Bonds and Mortgages 1,260,026 01
Cssh Market Value of all Stocks and .
Bonds owned by Company L624.S8O 68
Cash In Company's Office 1,693 51
Cash In Banks i E42.431 37
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 7,247 86
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion • 289,408 12
Due from other Companies for Re-
Insurance on losses already paid.. 493.28S 59
Total Assets .• $4,750,116 31
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up la -
Cash $750,000 00
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP MAQDEDURO, IK THB STATE OF
Prussia, on the Slst day of December. A. D.
1900. and for tha year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of tectlona (10 and fill of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
mlssloner:
MAGDEBURG FIRE
—OF THE
OF TUB
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
t FAVORITE
SCRIPTI0N
R WEAK WOMEN.
303 CALIFORNIA ST-.
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers,
rine premiums $575,673 98
Received for Interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 360,500 65
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources ES.558 36
Received from all other sources 2,498.036 40
_.„.., T - rn _« ;¦•¦•>/*¦': 13 M* 7M M
Total income a,iaz,ivt 38
EXPEICDITURES. ~~ ~~—
JCet amount paid for Marine Losses
Oncludinsr * losses of pre-
vious years) $4W,83S53
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 85.740 01
raid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc.. 28,763 57
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes 3,319 28
All other payments and expendi-
tures 1.O9.371 20
Total Expenditures •*:••• $2,116,132 37
Marine.
Losses Incurred during the year $S20,B31 25
Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
JCet amount of Risks
written during the
year $223,284,339 $069,521 Q
JCet amount of Ri*ks
expired durtnir the
year 228.516.170 6S8.43S 21
Net amount In force
December SI. 1900 8.9S8.304 107,573 BO
TH. DAMMAXN. Manager.
Eubscrfbed and Eworn to before me this 4th
flay of Msy. 1*01.
WILHELM HUMBERT. Notary Public
Total Inabilities $11,024,031 37
INCOME.
ICet cash actually received for Ma-
In Suspense $34,868 50
Gross Premiums on Marine and In-
land Navigation Risks. $ ....; . -
reinsurance 100 per cent 21.143 00
Gross premiums on Marine Tlm«
Ricks, S ; reinsurance SO
percent 76.450 50
Liability under other Branches 10,739,2C2 13
Cash Dividends remaining unpaid. 61$ 23
I>ue lor Reinsurances 21.808 97
Xiossee in process of Adjustment or
CkF MAGDnnuno. in tub state or
' rruavla. on th* riot day of 1 ircnnbrr, A. J>.
39no, and for th* yrar vndlng on that day, aa
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
£tate "f California, pursuant to th« provtulonn
of sections €10 and m of tho PolUtcal Code,
cond»n*#d as prr blank furnlched by the Com-
mlsslonrr:
CAPITAL.
Amount or Capiul Stock, paid up In
Casa tnO.OOO 00
ASSETS. • — — —
Heal Estate owned by Company.... I91S.76S 41
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... 8,505,150 00
Cash Market Value of all Etocks
and Bond* owned by Company.... 41.8S* 75
Csch in Company's Office . 6.05S 10
Cash In Bank« 66.4S1 79
Intercn due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans ITS 95
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 521.45189
Bills receivable, r.ot Matured, taken
for Fire «n>i Marine Kisks 10.590 S3
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid. 1,1C9,599 45
Total Assets $12,230,129 24
INSURANCE COMPANY
WHhelma Magdeburg
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
STATEMENT
OK THE
TELEPH 0!tr; «^ H W Tkti
222-224 SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MONDAY— -TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY,
Batter, square 30c
Our wHl-knoTTO Creamery. Reg. 40c.
Baking Powder, 3? Mb can. SOc
'•New Era" brand. Absolutely pure.
Rojans a la Vatel, f 5 ? tin 12|c
or Bordelals.
Very piquant, sardines.
Listerine, "Lambert's," SSSS
l.arpr bottle GSo
Small bottle 2Oc
Florida Water, bottle 45c
Murray & Lanmen's.
Jellies and Jams, 3 jars 25c
Home-made. Regular 10c.
Marshmallows, I Ib 30c
•xiunther's Celebrated." Regular SOc
Castile Soap, Cal. bar 20c
Made of pure cocoanut oil.
Agateware, 10 per cent reduction
On the full line; the very beet. Owlnu
to ihe sdvance In prices this may be
Jfur Isst chance to buy at the old
prices.
Raisins. p. B ,,. <e Mb pkg 10c
pp^ded. The beet.
0, K, Whisky, The Old Reliable"
Rrjt. *1 bottle S bottles ?2
ll'K. U callon Gallon !*a
Sweet Wines, 3 bottles $1
8 years old. Re* . BOo bottle. Ansellca,
Port. Pherry. Muscatel. Malaga, Tokay,
Catawba and Madeira.
Riesling, Sonoma, gallon 65c
Reg. $1 gallon. An excellent old wine.
Pickles,
California Horn* Brand. Chow Chow,
Mixed Pickles and Gherkins.
Vpint, regularly 20c 15e
1 pint, regularly r.> 25o
1 quart, n-tularly 5Pc 4Oc
F»p»t Pickles — >4-plnt. !0c: 1 plnt....2Se
Th^se ar» the nn»»t line of Pickles
ever produced on this Coast.
JUST ARRIVED.
"OLD CLORT" CIGARS— A long, sweet
and asrr*»able smoke.
Box of 100 IM.r.<>
Box of 2S J*1^5
V U L U f¥i 01 A LEADJ.iQ THEAT3E
SECOND AND I»AST WEEK.
Every Night This Week— Matinee Saturday.
The Distinguished Irish Comedian.
- MR. CHAUNCEY
OLCOTT
•THB SWEETEST 8INQER ON THE STAO&"
In the New Irish ijomedy,
GARRETT. 0*MAGH.
"Written by AUGUSTUS PITOU. Manager.
Hear OLCOTTB NEW SONQS.
NEXT MONDAY. AUO. 5.
Charles Frohman's
EMPIRB THEATER COMPAWT.
Presenting Henry Arthur Jones' Oreatest Play,
MRS. DANE'S
DEFENCE
BOX AND. SEAT BALD BEGINS THURSDAY.
VAUDEVILLE.
FROM THE OLD AND NEW WORLD! MO-
LASSO, 8AL.VAOOI TROUPE. ALEXAN-
DRA DAO3IAR. STANTON AND MO-
DENA. THE $ BROOKLYN3. MURPHY
AND NICHOLS. ARRAS AND ALICE. ED
T. REYNARD, AMETA AND THE BIO-
GRAPH, SHOWING THB LAUNCHINO
OF THB SHAMROCK II.
Reserved Beats. 25c; Balcony. lOe; Opera
Chairs and Box Beats, SOc.
*T1VJPLI*
• Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at t.
TO-NICJHT— THE MUSICAL EVKNT OF THB
YEAIl— Ol'KNINO OF THB
Grand Opera Season
A I Fl A Monda y- Wednesday,
r\ 1 Lr i\ Friday and Saturday.
RIGOLETTO sSSWsss
mmm^ mm^ m^ mmmmm and Sunday.
POPULAR PRICES— SSe. (Oo. 7So— .
Telephone Bush t.
Beglnnlnc TO-NIOHT— Every Evenlna" ThU
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Gorgeous and Magnificent Production of to*
Great Naval Drama..
THE ENSIGN
JAMES M. BROPHY In his favorite role aa tn*
Ensign Ben Balrd.
An Unusually Strong. Cast.
PDirC? Evenings 10c, 13, 25c. 850, Mo
rJllWEj Matinees.... lOo. 15c, J3«
• NEXT WEEK— "MONTE CRI5TO.**
GRANDS
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY". "
Commencing THIS MONDAY BVEJONa
T. DANIEL. FRAWLEY
; i ' —Will Present
SENATOR"
By David Lloyd and Sydney Rosenfeld.
The Greatest American Comedy Ever Written.
PRICES— 10c. 13c, J&S, SOc, 75c
, Good Orchestra Seats All Matlneea. 2So.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
V Next Week-'THE TOLI* GATE INJT. M
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
FAREWELL ORGAN RECITAL
DR. If. JTSTEWART.
MONDAY EYENIN6,JuIy 29th,' at 8:15.
ADMISSION 25 CENTS.
FiSCHER'S mgS7<
Commencing: MONDAY. July 29— MAD.
CHARITT MARTIN!!! BIO. PIETRO BUZZ!!!
8IG. O.'S. tWANRELL!!! Mabel Rutherford.
Jennie Metaler, Nellie Bruce. Hopper & Hop-
per. Karl & Bayle. Admission. 10 cents: re-
served seats, 23 cents. Matinee Sunday. Tele-
phone Main 231. Extra — Tuesday. July 30,
Benefit. AUGUST HINRICHSU I
PALACE ';¦
These hotels possess
AND . the attributes that tour-
¦****" ista and travelers ap- ¦
r*O A MT\ predate— central Ioca-
UK/Uili tlon. liberal manasre-
UATCT c ment. modern appolnt-
I1U 1 CLo, ments and perfect cul-
Amsrican and Euro- '¦
* > „ •'¦_'<. ¦:¦ ..--¦- ¦ _' . ¦
WeeW CftlOO BfiPYpaj
AUCTION SALE !
REFEREES'
SALE!
BY ORDER OF COURT.
CHOKE
PROPERTIES.
MONDAY,
AUGUST 12 -• 1001,
At 12 o'clock noon, at salesroom of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
. 14 MONTGOMERY ST.
No. 813 Washington Street.
Southwest corner Washlnirton and
place, between Ducont and Stockton sts.: lni-
provementa consist of three-atory brick build-
lnjrs; rents $166 r«r month. ,
Nos. 716 and 718 Jackson Street.
North line, between Dupont and Btocktcn
ets : Improvements consist of four-story sul>-
Htantlal brick butldlnx; rents 1250 per month;
lot 34Mxl37;6.
POTEERO.
The followln* three pieces are In the Ytelnli y
of properties recently purchased by the flnnta
Fe HatlroRd Company: _^
Hoiitlimnt corner 19th and Wisconsin stt.j
lot 135xUl. lm«uUr.
FOTBEZtO.
Northwtst eorn«r 10th and Wisconsin st«.:
lot 67x163, Imsular.
P0TBEBO.
Northwest corner 18th and Wisconsin sta.i
lot lOlxiM. Irrecular. .
TOWNSEND STREET.
D«tw«tn Fourth and Fifth ats.. northwest lln»,
opposite the Southern Paelflo lUtlroad depot.
This choice holdlnc suitable tor manufaotur-
Ins and warehouse purposes: lot 60x175, lr-
resular! S frontafes.
For further pnrtlculam apply to referees.
J. T. HAHMES. 62a Market st
' O. H. XJMB8EN, 14 Montjromery St.
Y. J. SULLIVAN. Parrott bide.
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For th« cure of GONORRHEA. GLKET3,
BTRTCTOItKS and analogous complaints ot Cm
Organs of Generation;
Price $1 ft bottle. For sale by druggists.
AMTJSEMENTa
THIS EVENING
Inaugural of the Regular Season.
MR. JAMES AND THE
1 W 2£W IJw IsW COMPANY.
. , Presenting for the first week, • - "
The Case of Rebellions Sasain
¦ By Henry Arthur Jones.. •,
SPFflAT BARGAIN MATINEES Every
•SrCUIAL. Thursday, 2Sc and SOc reserved
>. EVE. 25c, 35c, 60c. 73c, $1
BAT. MAT 25c, SOc, 75c
SEATS NOW READY.
Next Sunday Evenlng*-"THE AMAZONS."
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
A Splendid Revival.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by . "WHITE- ."WHITTLESBT. .
"The Adventures of
Nell Gwynne!"
Seats 15c. 26c, 35c. 60c and 75c
- MATINEE SATURDAT.
-. Next ' Week— "CAMILLE."
GHUTES^ano ZOO
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING/
BIMM. BOMM AND; BRRR,' DIRECT FROM
"THE ORPHEUM ; KELCET SISTERS,
ANNA MORRIS, LEVY. AND PARENT.
MARGfUERITE HINSCHAU. WIGGKN
AND BOWMAN. . NEW ' MOVING EtC-
.; TURES.'; . : ¦••¦"-» - ¦.',- x '
LUNETTi,
THE MAID OP THE AIR.
Amateur Night = - Thflrsdaj.
: i Telephone : 'for\ Seats— Park 23.
sutro baths;
OPENNIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY. FROM '7 A; ,M. . TO 11 P. M.
Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m. *.;
ADMISSION 10c— — —CHILDREN Se
Bathing (including admission) 25c Children ::0c.
Mellln'a Food Is peculiarly adapted to tha requirements of Infanta la hot weather. When
a baby la Buffering from the heat and perbapa is a tittle feeble .ta bis digestive power*. It to
7 absolutely oeceaaary that the child ahould have a food that la easUy digested and adapted
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
We will write you a special per-
sonal letter, answering any questions
about the use of Mellin's Food.
We have a book filled with their
pictures.
The book contains some infor-
mation about Mellin's Food. If it
does not tell you what you want to
know, write to us.
Babies
Eyiellin s Food
Bridgework ¦ = $5.00
We are making a pecialty of*
this branch of work and employ
skillful operators.
CREDIT IF DESIRED.
Chalmers Dental Co.,
133 Powell St., S. F.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TVy 1 5v y i t yvi l S»In the absence of Commodora W. N. Mc-
Carthy and • the flagship Eamona, the
command of the fleet devolved on Vice
Commodore R. S. Bridgman. Colors were
made at 8 o'clock yesterday morning and
later the signal "glad to see you aboard"
was set on the sloop Thetis. Shortly after
10 o'clock the yachts made sail, took their
small boats aboard and cruised down to
the, starting: line between the gangway of
the receiving ship Independence and the
sloop Catherine, from which the time was
taken. At 10:30 the yachts In class 1 were
still some little distance from the starting
line, and the first of them, the sloop
Thetis, did not cross until a minute or two
after 10:40, "the limit for the class. The
wind was light at starting, but out In San
Pablo Bay freshened to a fair sailing
breeze, with smooth water. All except
the yawl Tramontana and the sloop Nixie
kept well off the Contra Costa shore. Off
McNears Landing the breeze became very
strong, and a heavy sea was running", but
in Raccoon Straits the wind fell lighter.
In class 1 there were three starters, Paul
de Martini's sloop Siren proving an easy
winner from Rl S. Bridgman's sloop Thet
is, and the yawl Royal being distanced.
The sloop Surprise reached Vallejo on
Saturday after a four days' trip to Napa.
and started down with the fleet, but was
distanced. In class 2 the sloop Nixie beat
the yawl Tramontana by nearly four min
utes. Corrected time, though, the yawl
first. The sloop Nixie won the
flag in class 2, and the sloop Siren In
class 1. The full details are shown In the
table:
In addition to' the yachts of the San
On Saturday the fleet of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club started from. Sausalito
for Vallejo, where the following- craft an
chored for the; night: The yawls Tra
montana and Royal, the sloops Catherine,
Surprise, 'Anita. Thetis, Siren, Nixie and
the schooner 1 Chispa.
Tramontana Is the First
to Cross the Fiaish
ing Line.
NIXIE WINS BY
TIME ALLOWANCE
STATE SOLDIERS
RING UP SCORES
National Guard Marks
men Hold Exciting
Contests.
Despite the fact that the great shoot*
ing festival Is now a thins of the past,
the ardor of the local marksmen has not
cooled, as was evinced yesterday by the
attendance and enthusiasm at Shell
Mound.;
Tho feature of the day was the State
shoot of Troop A, First Cavalry, and
Company A. Fifth Infantry. National
Guard of -California. The members of
these organizations were dressed in uni
form and were accompanied by their re
spective regimental bands.
Other clubs which shot yesterday were
the Germania Schuetzen Club, San Fran
cisco Scbuetzen Verein, ! Red Men's
Schuetzen Company, Norddeutscher
Scbuetzen Club, Golden Gate Rifle and
Pistol Club and Company G. Flrat Infan
t.y; Company E, First Infantry, and
Company C. First Infantry of the Na
tional Guard of California. Th» scores
for the day are as follows: -
Troop A. First Cavalry, National Guard of
California, annual State shoot — Captain Jansen
32, Lieutenant Pierre 42; Lieutenant Wells 43.
Lieutenant Carr 37, Sergeant Greeninger 37.
Sergeant Spaar 34, Sergeant Taylor 39, Sergeant
Rlddock 33, Sergeant Schmidt 7, Corporal Fick
ert 37. Corporal Ralne 37, Corporal Potter 32.
Corporal Lehmann 37, F. T. Engrle 40, G. C.
"Wafer 31. E. Bernzott 35, T. Carlln J7, R.
Cap 43, H. L. Detrick 35, J. Fritz 58, R. Gercka
35. H. G. Hansen 33, G. R. Hansen 12. H.
Houltby 2. W. Huggins 29, A. Klungf 40. H.
Keller 42. L. McKinley 38. G. McCullum 8.
C. J. Xicolal 44, L. Plagemann 31. G. "W. Popa
39, J. Ritchie 41. W. Rogers 23. F. C Sher
wood 35. E. C. Saul 35, F. Thomason 37, A.
J. Thornagle 39, C. B. Thorp 22, W. Spanhake
15. A. Stern 33. C. Becker 42. S. Cook 18. -TV.
Hemlnga 40. C. McHarley 33. P. Sapiro 36. E.
Caldano 31, F. Wetmore 34. G. Schultz 33.
Company A, Fifth Infantry, National Guard
of California, annual State and monthly medal
shoots, State ecore being given first in each
case — Corporal Valentine 14, 2S; . Lieutenant
Ellis 17, 36; H. Winlund 15, 27: F. McLyod
21. 37; Sergeant WlUard 17, 86; B. Axtell 7. 11;
SAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB RACE FROM VALLEJO TO SAUSALITO,
• TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High ¦ and low
; "Waters : at Fort Point, entrance. to San
Francisco . Bay. : Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent./ ¦
; NOTE—The high and low waters occur -at
the; city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty=five minutes later than at Fort; Point •
the height of tide is the same at both places
. .: ,. MONDAY. JULY% 23. T
Sun rises..........:.:.:.....: ..............5:09
Sun •sets.'.......:.. ..r... .....-;•. 7-"2
Moon:seta.. ..........:....:;....;..3-2'i'^ m.
-Totals 38 S 7 1 33 14 t
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS —
Los Angeles........ 0 0 010000 00 0—1
Base hits... 0 1 016101111—7
San Francisco. 0 0 0 0 010 0002— 3
Base hits......... .1 0 0 0 1,1 1 0 0 0 3—7
-^ SUMMARY."
' Runs responsible f or — Jones 2. ¦ Three-base hit
— C. Reilly. Two-base hits— Reltz, Hildebrand.
Sacrifice hit— Hildebrand. First base on errors
—San Francisco 2, Los Angeles 1. . First base on
called balls — Los Angeles 1. Left: on bases — San
Francisco 3, Los Angeles 9. Struck out— By
Jones 6, by Whalen 3. Hit • by pitcher—Nor
dyke, Reitz. Double play— Householder to
Hutchlnson. Time of - game— 1:35. Umpire —
Levy. • -.;•" ,
: Totals 41.. 1 7 3 S3 14 2
SAN FRANCISCO. .
•AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A- fe.
Croll.-c. f '.I.. 5 2 1 0 1 p 1
Hildebrand, 1. f...... 4 12 0 1 0.0
Schwartz, 2b 5 0 2 0 2 4 2
Pabst. lb 5. 0 0 0 17 0 0
Krug, s. s 4 0 0 0 1 ¦¦¦*';-. 0
Nordyke. r. f 3,0 00 4 00
J. Reilly. 3b 4 0 10 1 1 0
Graham, c TT4 0 11 6 0*0
Whalen, p 4 " 0 0 1 4 0
AB. R. BH. i3B. PO'. A. E.
Brockhoff, r. f 5.0 0 0 2 0 0
Reltz. 2b 3 0 2 11 1 0
Hutchlnson. lb.. 6 0 1 1 14 0 O
Householder, c. f.... 5 0 10 3 l o
Bowman', 1. I. S 0 0 0 2 0, 0
C. Reilly, 3b .6 1 2 1 12 2
Spies, c... 5 0 0 0 9 2 0
Kelly, s. s... 4 0 0 0 1 4 O
Jones, p 4 0 1 0 0 4 0
LOS ANGELES.
Batting Rallyv^y
LOS ANGELES, July 28. — San F"ran
cisco won • a well-played game to-day by
a fine batting rally in the eleventh inning.
Both Whalen and Jones pitched fine ball.
Pabst's fielding of difficult foul flies, was
the feature. Score: ; . • \,
Eleven-Inning Game Won by Fine
i,ocai»s wnr.
Francisco Club the sloops Alert and Mas
cotte of the California Yacht Club and
the sloop Clara of the Corinthians an
chored at Vallejo on Saturday nig-ht.
Commodore A. E. Chapman of the Vallejo
Yacht Club cruised yesterday in the
sloop Helen, coming down as far as Para
dise Cove. The challenger showed great
speed, overhauling and passing most of
the fleet with ease. She carried a main
sail, jib and club topsail, and in smooth
water makes rapid headway. The yawl
Frolic and several Corinthian - yachts
cruised - in the " upper bay yesterday. ¦ On
Saturday night several Corinthian yachts
sailed up to Petaluma drawbridge, return
ing to their moorings yesterduy.
San Francisco Schuetzen "Vereln. monthly
bullseye shoot— D. B. Faktor 120, Edward
Goetze 230, Otto Lemcke 254, J. Lankenau 266,
J. W. Goetze 221, J. Gefken Ml, A. Mocker
G61. F. Boeckman 643. O. Burmelster 872. J
De Wit 725. H. Huber 848. H. Huffert 868. G.
Schuiz 868. J. "Woebeke 872, 1^. Haaka 869. R.
8tettln 1043, A. Goetze 1051, H. Meyer 1123, F.
Brandt 1130.
Red Men's Schuetzen ' Company, monthly
medal shoot — Champion class, "W. Dressier 422:
first class. Captain Henry Grleb 344: second
class, G. Mobr 321; third class, H. Sohult 369;
fourth class, D. Tamke 258; best first shot, W.
Dressier 23; best last shot H. Schulta 23.
Red Men's monthly bullseye shoot:' Prize*
were won In the followlns order — C. Oldag,
Captain Grleb. H. Schult. P. Rulfs. "W. Dress
ier.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly
medal shoot— First champion class. F. P.
Schuster 348: second . champion class, A.
Mocker 424: first class. J. Gefken 406: second
class, H. Huffert 370; third class. A. Hohmann
396; fourth class. J. "Woebcke 322; best first
shot. A. Mocker 24: best last shot. O.
Lemcke 25. ". - !
Company G, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— F. Buckley
17, J. Callaghy £>. C. "W. Daley 37. J. Daley
31. Captain "Wall 32. Lieutenant F. Neubert
33, Sergeant E. H.- Thomas 33, Sergeant F. L.
Owens 35, Ralph Thomas 28, it J. Lyozu 37.
A. Dussman 2$, L. Ayhnea 30, B. Steadman
SS, J. Spulman 31.
Company E, Flrat Infantry. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— Captain
Jordan 34, Lieutenant Wehser 36, Lieutenant
Costello 26, Sergeant J. Cardiff 25, Corporal
Larsen 30. Corporal Gronosky 24, Corporal Tul'.y
24. J. Dower 2. T. Dwyer 2, C. Brother 29 T
Renx 10. S. Kennedy 25, T. Graham 12. J. Paul
son 25, M. O'Reilly 33. G. ¦Wanda 8. C. CblUna
4, F. Freeman 9, W. Westphal 18, G. Irelan 2.
H. Wyckcff 26, G. Poulson 2.
Company C, First Infantry, National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— Captain
F. X. Morse 29. Lieutenant Corcoran 31. Ser
geant Redell 41. Sergeant Bucking 37, Corporal
Maasberg 34, Corporal Lingate 24, D. Burk»
21, F. Connolly 28, A. Ehrenfort 21. J. M.
Fentren 36, J. Kallmann 40, L. Limeteyer 28,
Ben Moore 34, W. Pitt 34. R. E. Powers 37.
a. Shurra 23, G. Seyden 81, A. Sharp 21. Fred
Stolzenwald 33.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, semi
monthly shoot; rifle: Gold medal— F. Belknan
220. 216. 220. 221: J. Kullmann. 196. " M3. 198
201; A. Thode 223. 217. 221, 228; J. F. Bridges
217. Silver medal — E. L. Relmenschneider 16S.
Germanla Schutzen Club, monthly bullseys
shoot— D. B. Faktor 346, F. P. Schn«er 407,
G. H. Bahrs 407, J. "W. Goetze 644. F. Brandt
645. J. Gefken 60S. L. N". Rltzau 613. L. Haaka
643. A. Juneblut 643.
Sergeant Herman 2, 8; Corporal Boas I, — ;
L. Lawton 16. 84; H. Jones 12. 24; H. "W.
Jumper 13, 29; J. Sodesstrand 13. 30: L. Risen
2. 2; J. gangster 14. 25; Corporal Gray 22, 41;
J. Lancaster 17, 33; Lieutenant Peterson IS,
34; H. Lamb — , 10; Corporal Frances 17. 35;
J. Cook 17. 36; Musician Herman 17, 37; L.
Orton 10. 28; Sergeant Crow«20, 38; J. Rnter 10,
27; Captain Hunt" 20, 41; A. R. Thelin 21, 42;
C. H. EUis 15, 29; C. Smith 19. 38; Sergeant
King. 15, 35; J. Clarrage 11. 28; B. Cahlgren
2. 13: J. Kllnker 15. 2j.
" : NOTE— In ' the ' above exposition of : the tides
the early morning" tides are given in . the left
hand ' column ? and -¦ the • successive tides of ¦ the
day in the order of, occurrence. as to time of
day; :the third time column gives the last tide
of • the : day, '. except when there are . but . three
tides, as sometimes occurs. : The heights given
are In addition to the soundings on the United
States ; Coast ¦-. Survey ¦ charts, except when a
minus ; (— 1 sign \ precedes . the ; height,-" and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by, the charts." The plane of reference. la
the -, mean of the -lower low waters.' f
- Charles i Sagehorn " 848, ! R: .. Langrer , 658, t H.
Schroeder 1226, . F. : Schrumpf 1154, • c. Zimmer
man ¦ 638, ' W. , F. Blasser 1766, - Dr. Atkins' ill;
R. Meyerhofer/ (cadet) . 1463, ,' A. ' Lang '; 1361,'
Roiisseau 304&, R. /Hampel 103G,- A. ¦ von Wyl
1371, v-.T.V Thk rbach 984,' M. ; F. Blasse 1482, * J."
Backman lOni, 1L ¦ Rahwyler 1731, J. C. Waller
Ilia, F/ E ' Al.iFon 743, : E. Woenne 826, ?F. Car
roll i (cadet) 2527,- A. • Bertleson ! 1168, . L." Reu-'
! bold ;¦ 2970.? O. Ludwig 610, v H. - Enge 1593, . O."
Ohortland-«1930, ,D.' ,W. McLaughlln . 1050, •. H.-
Becker (cadtt) - 2196, C. - Meyer ,¦ 223, J J. , Str&ub
1280,-F.''Klede;1086,- i M.*Reubold 719, T. J. Car
roll 973, ; G.: Rlschmuller^ 3G5." G. Rischmuller Jr.'
1055, Captain; F. Attinger ' 1608, ; O. Bremer SO?,
W. . Ehrenpf ort 1S37," A. . UtBchlg ' 1668, : G.~ Tam
niiy.'r' 17C3, P. ; Jacoby 1062. J. D. Smith "lllf,"
J. I). Feldeman.::?9. V
SAN, .RAFAEL, • July . 2S.— There^ was a
fair ( attendance , of marksmen > at | the
Schuetzen ? Park : ranges . to-day and some
good / scores V resulted ', from ¦" their : efforts.
The California Schuetzen Club was^the
only club that shot. It; was. a bullseye
shoot and the scores were asfollows:'
Shooting at San Rafael.
Shamrock Westward '¦ Bound.
LONDON, July 28.— A - dispatch from
Tuscar Rock, on the southeast coast of
Ireland, in St. Georges Channel, says that
the Shamrock II and the Erin, which left
Gourock yesterday for New York, passed
at 8 o'clock this morning westward bound.
The live bird shoot of the San Francisco
Gun Club at its grounds near Ingleside
yesterday attracted quite a number of
spectators. The shooting was exception
ally good, although the members were
handicapped by • poor weather and ex
tremely lively birds. - . • . ¦_ ¦ _ '.
.The season's shoot ends on the fourth
Sunday of next month, when twejity-five
birds will be shot at by the members. Up
to date there are four men. tied for, first
place. . They are George Jackson. J. Kar
ney, C. A. Halglit and W. B. Murdoch.
Of the seven ty-flve birds ; each of these
men have shot at only six have succeeded
In getting away, and; it is expected that
the last-day's ahoot will provide a day of
excitement. ¦ '¦
Ten members of the club shot at the
pigeons yesterday. Their scores are as fol
lows: ' '. , .; -.- ¦
J. J. Sweeney 122112 2021220 1 2— 13
E. L. Foster......'. •1111211122111 2—14
R. C. Rosenberg.. •022*12*111212 1—11
,W. E. Murdoch... 11111121221111 1—15
G. H. T. Jackson. 22221211011112 2—14
F. ¦ Feudner ...... 1 1 1 • 2 2 1 1 1 1 1 1 • 2 2—13
E., Klevesahl ..... 1 1122112110122 1—14
C. A.Halght...... 0 2 12 2 2 2 2 2 2 2 12 2 1—14
H. Justlns 11221120222212 2—14
J. Karney ......... 21112110111121 2—14
•Bird -dead out of bounds. : ¦ . .
; The members of the "club who were not
present at. the shoot of last month shot
yesterday. Th*lr names and scores are as
follows: . . ¦ . ; -
J. J. Sweeney..... 2 2 212121122 1 2 1 2— 15
R. C. Rosenberg... 2 1101111112101 2—13
C. A. Haight...... 22212 2 12221212 2—15
E.,Kleveeahl :...:.. 11101110111121 1—13
F. Feudner ........ 2 20222112 12211 1—14
~ The California Wing Club '. will have a
try at. the birds tiext > Sunday. A. match
has also been ararnged between the Union
Gun Club 'and - the. Empire Club, which
will take place the same day. It will be a
twelve-man shoot. Both of these clubs
have been ; matched ; twice before.- The
fir st. match was won by. the , Union mem
bers and the second "was a tie." .-Next Sun-'
day's shoot will decide the three-cornered
match. ¦ , .
San Francisco Gun Club
'Enjoys Lively Day
at Traps.
MARKSMEN KILL
MANY PIGEONS
foggy; wind west, velocity 16 miles per hour.'
DOMESTIC PORTS.'
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in July 28— Stmr
South Portland, from Nome. ¦
' SEATTLE— Sailed JuIyTT— Stmr Dolphin," for
Skaguay.
Arrived July 28— Stmr Arctic, hence July 21:
stmr Alki, from Skasway.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived July 28—
Stmr Mineola, from Nanalmo; " stmr Sequoia,
hence July 26. '.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived July 28— Stmr Rival,
hence July 23.
- NUSHAGAK— In port June 29— Bark Kate
Davenport, fr6m Astoria. - '
EUREKA— Arrived July 28— Stmr North
Fork, hence July 26; schr Mabel -Gray, from
San.Diejro; stmr San* Pedro, hence July 27.
Sailed July 28— Schr Mary Buhne, for San
Francisco; schr J. G. Wall, for San Francisco; j
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
stmr Pomona, for San Francisco.
ASTORIA-Salled July 28— Stmr Signal, for
'San Francisco. .
OCEAN STEAMERS. ,
¦ NEW TORK— Arrived July -• 2»— Stmr " ¦ La
Champagne, from Havre; stmr-Norge, from
Copenhagen. .
QUEENSTOWN-Arrived July 28-Stmr Sax
onia, from Boston, for Liverpool (and pro
ceeded). •
Sailed July 28— Campania, from Liverpool,
for New York. ¦,,¦¦•
LIVERPOOL— Arrived July 28— Stmr Umbria,
from New York," via Queenst"bwn.
• Sunday, July 28.
TJ B etmr Meade, Wilson,* 26 days from Ma
nila, via Nagasaki 17 days. - -•¦¦¦,¦-.
US stmr Madrono, Davis, I hours from
Point Arena. . •' . . .
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 19 hours from Monterey
and way ports. ¦ "• ., ¦ ¦•
Stmr Navarre, Olsen, 11 hours from Bowens
Landinc . .: ¦:¦ ¦
Stmr W. H." Kruffer, Kroff, '.40 houn . from
Port Aneeles, via Lompoc 24 hours. ' ; ,
Stmr Bonlta, Nopander, 64 hours from New
port and ' way ports. ¦ • , ¦
Stmr State of California, Thomas, 45 hours
from San Diego and way ports. . ¦ ¦ ;
Stmr Geo. Loomls. Brideett, 33 hours from
Ventura. •..¦'¦-., . .^ /
Stmr Curacao, Parsons/. 11 days from Guay
mas, via Ensenada 48 hours. ~ .
. Stmr Santa Barbara, Zaddart, 35 hours from
Eureka, bound to Sanj Pedro, put in to land
psaseneers. . " - J ' .'• l_ ¦ v ' ; ' ¦,-
Stmr Crescent City.' Payne, 26/ hours from
Eureka. • :
1 Bark Snow; & Burgess, Olsen, -7 days- from'
Port- Gamble. , * •
. Schr -Jennie Griffin;-' Campbell, 5 hours from
Point ; Reyes. ¦• - - . . • r - • ' - ,-.. . w
Schr ¦ Louisa D, . Moore,'. 3 days . from - Fields
Landing.-. ; ¦- ... ': . ... , ¦¦¦- ¦ • ¦ -
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 9 hours from Bodega.
" Schr ¦• Monterey, Beck, ¦ 70 ' hours - from ¦ Coos
Bay. " ¦¦ ¦-. - • ' ••'- ¦ ".-• :
SAILED.
. Sunday, July - 28.
U S -stmr Alert,— , .
Stmr Santa : Barbara. . Zaddart,' .
Stmr. Luella, . Jacobs, • Hardy . Creek. . - ¦
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
-; Stmr Eureka. . Jessen, ; Eureka. - . _.. . ¦
- Stmr. Westport,; Ericssen, Bear. Harbor. . - . >
» Stmr Asuncion. Evans. • Seattle. '.-.-
Etmr Mackinaw. Littlefleld. Seattle. ' ; • .:- ¦
Tug Geo.. R. -'.Vosburc,. with; barge C.-^H.
Wheeler in tow. V -• • . • . . ' .: ; \".''
Schr OtlllleFJord, Bosch, Eureka. ,
Barge C.-H. Wheeler, in tow of tug'Geo. -R.°
Vosbure. - ¦ : . •''-¦- .:¦ . • • . ¦ ,. .;- •-¦ ¦
... ..TELEGRAPHIC. \
POINT LOBOS, July . 28,' 10 ' p. . m.— Weather
Water Front Notes.
The Kosmos liner Hermonthia came
down from Port Costa yesterday! and
docked at the sea wall. She will take on
some general cargo and will then sail for
Hamburg via Central and South American
ports. , . .
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Aus
tralia is scheduled to arrive from Tahiti
this evening.. She will bring back a num
ber of excursionists who went to Papeete
ro see the native celebration of the Four
teenth of July— Fall of the Bastile. '.
The Anubis will be due from Hamburg
via South and Central America this after
noon. She will take away as part of her
cargo for South America 2000 tons of
grain. - ....
The ' transport Kilpatrick will sail for
Manila with the remainder of the school
teachers next Thursday. About- 250 women
and 300 men will be on her passenger list.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. '
Pacific Coast Steamship Com-
* r T[i pany's Curacao arrived from. Mex-
I lean ports yesterday. She brings
Ji -up a large cargo, among which Is
a considerable quantity of con
centrates and a deckload of turtles. The
following named were the first and second
cabin passengers:
C E. Baldwin, B. W. Warren. Fernando
Erquinaga, T. Eichenfeldt,- Charles H. Bahei,
Neils Nellson, L. C. Bailey, Maria M. de
Valdee, Zelunlra Valdes, J. • W. Winston, L.. i>.
Scott, Alesandria Olochea, Emory Smith, An
tonio Dias Martinez/ Angel D. Martinez. C
W. Bonnewart. E. T. Erlckson, Miss Annie M.
Page. Daniel Ortir, J. W. Donnell Ira -de
Viahers, Jesus A. de Sopena, Juan Vasques,
Tlburclo Narcarro, Reguina Sanches, Antonio
Gardella, Erllnda Ybarra. Juan Freire, Juana
Freire, Nicolasa Ortir, Francisco Carrillo
Alesandro Luna, Amado G. de Enclro, AuguBtin
Garron, Sebastlna Garron. Teresa Garron
Maclovia Garron. Yrlnco S. Garcia. . Alfredo
Wright. Ley Sin Kon, Loo Quong and Antonio
Casslar.
Professor Emory Smith, who has been
on a geographical expedition to Magda
lena Bay, came back on the Curacao. He
explored several hundred miles of coast
line while he was away and had" a rather
exciting time of It. ¦ : - : _ ___¦-"
Captain E. T. Erickson and C. W. Bon
nemart left here several weeks ago on the
schooner Julia E. Whalen with the N. J.
•Weaver-Talcott expedition. There was
more or less friction - aboard from the
Btart and finally the vessel ran short of
provisions. Erlckson and Bonnemart left
her in the small boat when she was sev
eral miles below Ensenada, and attempted
to intercept . one of the Panama boats.
They failed, but reached Ensanada nearly
dead from hunger, thirst and exposure.
Shortly afterward the Whalen put into
Ensenada, buf Erlckson and Bonnemart
would not rejoin her.- They came on to
San Francisco on the Curacao. ;
C. E. Baldwin is the traveling auditor
of the Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
and has just returned/ from his annual
tour of the Mexican coast. ~^.
MEXICAN MAIL STEAMSHIP CURACAO, ARRIVES IN PORT
FROM GUAYMAS, ONE DAY AHEAD OF ITS SCHEDULE TIME
Santa Cruz Eleven Defeats Sacramento Team on Successive Days— California : Associa
tion Will Meet This : Evening Vand Alameda Will Be Put Upon the Grill for the
Playing of A. S. Willisr-An Amendment to the Constitution Will Also Be Proposed
THE elevens of the Santa Cruz
Country Club and of the Sacra
mento Cricket -Club met on Satur
day arid Sunday on the ground at
Webster street. • Alameda, and
played two of the closest matches ; of : the
season, Santa Cruz winning by two runs
on Saturday and by five runs, .with three
wickets to spare, in yesterday's match.' On
Saturday Sacramento .went to the wickets
first, H. R. Elliott scoring 36, H. G. Ma
cartney 50 and L>. W. Robitaille 16 runs.
The inning closed for a total of 124. For
Santa Cruz A. Jenkins scored 44, D. B.
Bowley 29, W. H. Howard 14 and A.iG.
Sheath 11, the total for the inning being
126. •; .
After so close a contest on Saturday
yesterday's match was looked forward to
with much interest. The Sacramento team
assumed the. defensive first, with L. W.
Robitaille , and : H. G. Macartney, the
former being bowled for one run and the
latter scoring 17 : runs. H. R. Elliott made
the stand of the'day, being not out for 69.
J. "WV Kerr 11 and R. L.. Reynolds 17 were
the only , other .men who obtained double
figures, and the inning closed for 132 runs.
Santa. Cruz' sent, Jenkins and Bowley to
the bat, the former making: 13 and the
latter 10. Then Howard and Sloman got
together, ¦ the former retiring after mak
ing. 41 and the latter being caught when
he had made the same number. P. D. Gel
latly added 14 and A. G. Sheath, not out,
put on 14 more.- When seven wickets were
down the Santa Cruz team had 137 runs
to , its credit,* and so won the second
match. For Sacramento Macartney, the
Elliott brothers, Robltaille and Kerr
bowled on both days, while, for Santa
Cruz Dickson, Howard, Bowley and Coope
were the bowlers on' the first day, and the
same four, with the addition of Sloman
and Cookson, on the second day.
This evening at 8 o'clock there will be a
meeting of the California Cricket Associa
tion to consider an -amendment to the
constitution and by-laws, and a proposal
by one of the delegates of the California
Club that the Alameda Club forfeit all
the matches won by Its team during the
present season on account of the inclusion
in its eleven of A. S. Willis,/ who left the
California' Club when not in good stand
ing. .
SEASIDE CRICKETERS WIN TWO OF THE CLOSEST
, AND MOST EXCITING MATCHES OF, THE SEASON
SOME OF TJHE CRICKET- PLAYERS IN ACTION.
In the opening course For Freedom led
Brutus ten lengths and won out. He was
beaten by the stake winner in the- third
round. The new dog, Bright Gold, did
not show to advantage and failed to
score against Dewdrop.
Tyrone Prince, after knocking at the
door for some time past, got his name
on the big list by winning the deciding
round of the Reserve stake from Tapioca.
Tho dogs ran a no go, after which the
Prince got the flag by a clean score.
Narcissus, the stake favorite, went out
to Tapioca in the fourth round. The tal
ent made a strong play on him at 5 to 3,
but was disappointed. Quite a few of
the contestants were victims of the well
trained and lively hares and had to be'
withdrawn. Rocker ran in his old-time
lorm and reached the fifth round, where
he retired in favor of John Doe. In the
third round he beat Black Flush, a 5 to 4
favorite, and followed by outpointing Fon
tenoy, who was held the choice at 5 to 3.
Sleigh Bells beat First Foot 3. to 1 and
at the same odds. Tapioca took the de
cision from For Glory. Sweet Emma at
7 to 2 outpointed King Cotton. Castaway
reached third position by good work. The
day's results, with Judge John Grace's
official scores, follow: ) .
Reserve stake, second round— Pasha Kennels'
Rocker beat P. "M. Curtis* McKlnley, -7-1; Star
Kennels' Black Flush beat P. M. Curtis' Sir
Pitt, -6-2: Star Kennels' Fontenoy beat P. M.
Curtis' Cash, 4-3; J. Cane's Greenhall beat Ed
Neare's Strayaway, 8-5; Aeneid Kennels' Aga
memnon, a bye; J. R. McCarthy's John Doe
beat A. R. Curtis' Loyal Lad, 15-3; C. A.
Bonar's Wild Norah, a bye; A. R. Curtis'
Vulcan beat D. J. Healy's Tiburon, 12-4; T. J.
Mclnerney's Johnnie R beat Pasha Kennels'
Rude Awakening, 3-2; W. J. Leonard's Tom
Hurlick, a bye; G. Graham (names) Tyrone
Prince beat J. Kelley"e Gov. Mac, 5-2; E. N.
Whitcslde's Greenback beat T. J. Cronin's
Thornhill. 14-5; P. M. Curtis'. Warpath beat
J. 11. Klein's Coronado. 14-12; P. M. Curtis'
Shadow beat P. Jackson's GDlden Russet, 8-3;
Aeneid Kennels' Achilles beat P. J. Nolle" a
Silver Lyon, 4-0; W. C. Glasson's Sleigh Bells
beat Ed Neare's- First Foot,' 4-0; Sterl &
Knowlee* Ripple beat J. M. Halton's May
Hempstead, 5-3; Bterl & Knowles' Cold Shivers
beat Chiarini Bros.' White Hat, 7-3; T. J.
Mdnernejr*B Norah beat H. Ii Meharry's Rox
ana, 2-1; J. Perlgo's Faraway • beat George
S harm in' s St. Ives, 6-5; Pasha Kennels' Real
Article beat J. Smith's Master Workman, 10-3;
P. M. Curtis' Narcissus beat E. Geary's Fan
nie Hughle, 13-8; E. M. Kellogg 1 8 Sweet Emma
beat A. R. Curtis' \ King Cotton, 7-1; D. J.
Healey's Tapioca beat Sterl & Knowles' For
Glory, 6-2; P. Doyle's Liberator beat E. Geary's
Minnie Sankey, 6-0; Ed Neare's Castaway beat
T. J. Mclnerney's Annie Hall, 10-4.
Third round — Rocker beat Black Flush,' 5-1;
Fontenoy beat Greenhall, 8-7; Joe Doe beat
Agamemnon, 5-2; Wild Norah, a bye; Tom
Hurlick beat Johnnie R, 6-0; Tyrone Prince
beat Greenback, 8-3; Warpath beat Achilles,
8-0; Shadow beat Sleigh Bells, 7-3; Norah beat
Ripple, 3-0; • Faraway, a bye; Narcissus beat
Real Article, 3-2; Tapioca beat Sweet Emma,
8-5; Castaway beat Liberator, 6-1.
Fourth round— Rocker beat Fontenoy, -6-2;
John Doe beat Wild Norah,- 7-4; Tyrone Prince
beat Tom Hurlick, 4-1; Norah beat Warpath,
12-5; Shadow, a bye; Tapioca beat Narcissus,
8-5; Castaway, a bye. • " .
Fifth round— John Doe beat. Rocker, ¦ 4-3; Ty
rone Prince beat Shadow, 6-4; jCastaway beat
Norah, 7-3; Tapioca, a bye. f.
Sixth round — Tyrone Prince beat • John Doe,
5-0; Tapioca beat Castaway, 7-4.
Deciding course — Tyrone Prince beat Tapioca,
8-0. ¦ -.- .» '
Champion stake, first round— Pasha Kennels'
For Freedom beat F. S. Price's Brutus, 6-1;
A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat T. J. Cronin's Van
dal; 15-12; A. R. Curtis' Rector beat J. Mori
arlty*s Snapper Garrison,- 8-8; E. Geary's Ire
land beat Star Kennels' Game Boy, 11-4; Chi
arini Bros.' Dewdrop beat Charles Plckard's
Brlrht Gold. 6-0; Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire
beat Tosemite Kennels' Mose, 10-4; Star Ken
nels' Herschel's Pride beat A. R. Curtis' Fly-
Ing Fox,. 5-0; Star Kennels' Mayflower beat
O. Zahl's Homer Boy, -6-1; F. A. McComb'a
Warship beat P. M. Curtis' Anchor, 18-7; D.
J. Healey's Lady Clare beat E. M. Kellogg' s
Frieco Lad. .6-0; D. J. Healey's Sisquoc beat
F. A. McComb'a Sir Pasha, -4-8: F. Jones'
Wedgewood beat . J. Dowling'e Sir Lawrence,
11-2.
Second round— For Freedom, a bye; Rector
beat Ireland, 6-2; Dewdrop beat Fine Fire, 3-1;
Herschel's Pride, a bye; Lady Clare beat May
flower, 3-2; Sisquoc beat Wedgewood, 7-0.
Third round— Rector beat For. Freedom, 5-1;
Dewdrop beat Lady- Clare, 6-4; Sisquoc beat
Herschel's Pride, 4-L .
Fourth round — Rector beat Dewdrop, S-2; Sls
quoo, a bye. •
Deciding course— Rector beat Slsquoc, 4-0.
Luxor was withdrawn after a course
with Vandal. The hares had been run
ning strong all day and the one that was
slipped for this pair was no exception. It
carried the dogs a hard go and kept
them traveling fifteen seconds over the
limit. Warship beat Anchor, a 5 to 3
choice, in a course of similar length, and
he, too, was retired to his kennel. The
Star Kennels* Herschel's Pride and May
flower beat their opponents, Flying Fox
and Homer Boy, respectively, and record
ed the only other short-ends of the stake.
A. R. Curtis' young dog Rector won
first money in the . twenty-four dog cham
pion stake at Union Park yesterday,
beating D. J. Healey's Sisquoc, pointless
in the course for final, honors.' The re
sult, failed to confirm the judgment of
the wise ones, for when the dogs went
to the slips Healey's performer carried
the big end of the money and at the
rate of 2^ to 1. - , -
' Champion Stake "Won by
A. R. Curtis' Young
Courser.
RECTOR EARNS
FIRST HONORS
DIVIDE HONORS
FOR DAY'S WORK
Senators and Dudes Lose
and "Win League
Contests.
?
Sacramento 7, Oakland O.
Lucky Dr. Moskiman was not good yes
terday. The Sacramento stick swingers
Tell upon him with dire results and In the
seventh inning Youngey Johnson as the
relief force bared his right arm and did
the twirling. It was a bad omen, al
though Johnson pitched well. The unre
liable Dudes broke into pieces and the
Senators cantered home for certain and
undisturbed victory.
Sacramento played a good game from
beginning to end.
Bill Devereaux, otherwise known as
"Red Dop." was on the slab for the Sen
ators. The men from across the pond
were shut out with not so much as a sin
gle run. /
An Immense crowd witnessed the con
test, notwithstanding the disagreeable
weather. The score:
OAKLAND.
' AB. R. BH. BB. PO. A. E.
Drennan, c. f 4 0 2 0 6 10
Lohman, c 3 0 0 0 3 0 1
Streib, lb 4 0 0 0 12 0 0
Eapan, 3b 4 0 0 0 12 0
Dunleavy. L U 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Francks. e. s 3 0 2 0 2 2 1
Arrellanes, 2b 3 0 0 0 16 1
Babbitt, r. f 3 0 0 0 0 10
Moskiman, p 2 0 10 0 3 0
Johnson, p..... 1 0 0 0 0 0 1
Total SI 0 5 0 27 14 4
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, p 5 2 2 0 1 2 1
McLaughlln, 1. f 10 0 12 0 0
Courtney. 2b 5 2 3 0 3 10
Doyle, lb 6 1 0 0 13 0 0
Ftricklett. r. 1 4 10 0 10 0
Stanley, c 4 0 2 0 4 10
Fheehan. 3b 2 10 0 14 0
McGucken, c. f 4 0 2 0 0 0 0
Hanlon, s. s 4 0 10 2 3 0
Totals ......84 7 10 1 27 11 1
RUNS AND HITS BX INNINGS.
Oakland 0 000 0 0000—0
Base hits 1 11001100—5
Sacramento 1 00111300—7
Base hits 2 11113 10 O— 10
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Moskiman 4. Home run
—Courtney. Three base hit— Courtney. Two
base hits — Stanley, Francks, McGucken. - Sac
rifice hits — McLau&hltn 2, Sheehan. Stanley.
First base on errors — Sacramento 2. . First
base on called balls — Sacramento 2, Oak
land 1. Left on bases— Sacramento 8, Oak
land 5. Struck out— By Devereaux 4, by Moski
man 2. Hit by pitcher— Strlcklett, McLaugb
lln. Double play — Drennan to Lohman. Time
of game— 1:45. Umpire — Graves. Official scorer
— McFarlln.
»
MORNING GAME.
Oakland 14, Sacramento 2.
Thomas was an easy mark for the
Dudes at Oakland yesterday , morning.
They pounded everything he sent over the
plate. "When the scorer added up the to
tals at the end of the game Oakland was
on the large end, the result being 14 to 2.
The Dudes obtained twelve • soft hits,
¦K-Mle their opponents were kept down to
three. Oakland also played a perfect
fielding game, not an error being regis
tered against " the Brummels.
Streib distinguished himself by getting
a home run, a three-bagger and two sin
gles. Babbitt and Moskiman were very
effective, and had the Senators entirely
at their mercy. Carter was put In to
catch In Stanley's place, the Dudes cele
brating the event by stealing eight baseg.
Sacramento did not have a chance to win,
playing a very loose fielding game. Fol
lowing is the score: . .
OAKLAND. /
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Drmnan, c 1 4 1 0 0 1 0 0
LohmaE, c S 2 « 1 -4" 2 0
Streib, lb 6 4 4 1 15 0 0
Earao, 3b 6 11 0 12 0
Dunleavy, L t 4 2 2 2 0 0 0
Francks. s. s 6 2 2.2 3 3 0
Arrellanes. 2b 4 1 2 21 4 0
Babbitt, r. t. & p.... 8 0 0 0 1 0 0
Moeklman, p. & r. f. 4 1 1 0 1 1 0
Totals .....29 14 12 ' 8 27 12 0
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Devereaux, a. s 4 1 1 0 0 8 4
Mclaughlin 1. f.... 4 0 « 0 2 0.0
Courtney, 2b 4 0 10 14 1
Doyle, r. t 4 0 10 0 0 0
Hanlon. lb 4 C 0 0 11 0 1
Stanley, c 1 0 0 0 2 0 O
Eheehan. Sb S 0 0 0 1.4 1
McGucken, c. f % 0 0 0 4 0 1
Thomas, p 3 1 0 0 010
Carter, c 10 0 6 8 0 0
Totals SO 3 SO 24 12 S
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SRcramento 0*0 0000002—3
But kite 0 0 0 0 0 0 10 2—8
Oakland 201«0J0» •— U
Bate hits 101*0*01 •— 12
SUMMARY. ,
Rubs responsible for— Thomas 6, Babbitt • 2.
Home run — Sirelb. Three-base hit— Strelb.
Two-base bit — Francka. Sacrifice bits — Bab
bitt 2. First base on errors— Oakland 4. First
base on called balls— Sacramento 2, Oakland I.
I>ft on bases— Sacramento 3, Oakland 6.
Struck out— By Mosklman S. by Thomas 6, by
Babbitt 2. Wild pitch— Babbitt- Time of gams
— 1:40. Umpire— Graves. Official scorer— H. S,
McFarlln. .-:-., . -
Elkes and Michael Matched.
XETV TORK, July 28.— Harry Kikes and
Jimmy Michael have been matched to ride
a fifteen-mile motor-paced race on the
Asbury Park cycle track, August 8, as the
principal attraction at the national circuit
meeting, which Is to be held there on that
day.
ON ALAMEDA'S FIELD THE CRICKET PLAYERS ENGAGE IN A CONTEST OF SKILL AT THE WICKETS
6
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALIi, MONDAY, JULY ; 29, -1901;
ILeneth,
I Feet.
I Time I Starting
[AlloWcef Time.
Finish's) Elapsed [Corrected |
Time. I Time. I Time. I
Sailed by—
YACHT.
Class I. ' ,
Royal (yawl).. 27.50
Surprise (sloop). .1: "27.85
Siren (sloop) 23.10
Thetis (sloop) 33.31
Class II. ¦
Nixie (sloop) 39.83
Tramontana (yawl) '46.75
Chlspa (schooner).. -47.04
•TV* nr>t flnlah
M. S.
16:16
15:19
14:41
0:00
H.M.S.
10:40:00
10:40:00
10:40:00
10:40:00
H.M.S. H.M.S. H.M.S. . .
• Edgrell & Morrow
• A. C. Lee
4:09:50 5:29:30 5:13:09 Paul Demartlnl
4:30:13 6:50:18 5:50:13 R. 3. BrUjmaa
3:32:16 4:29:16 4:17:52 E. S. Ernmons
3:26:43 4:21:43 4:21:43 H. R. Simpklna
¦ I. Gutte .
29:33
13.34
1S:OS
11:03:00
11:05:00
11:10:00
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City. .
Noyo
¦Wellington
Australia.......
Columbia.......:
Anubls. -.-;.
Pomona
Conemaugh....
Czarina.... .
Curacao...;....
Empire
Bristol
Umatilla...
Eureka
City of Sydney
Matteawan.:...
Acme.....:.....
Corona..........
North Fork....
Rival .
Arcata...
Santa Rosa.....
Aconcagua.....
America Maru.
Rainier....
Point Arena....
Peru.. ......
Mandalay......
Humboldt
Humboldt .".;..
Oyster Harbor
Tahiti
Portland and Astoria..
Hamburg- & Way Ports
Humboldt
Nome &St. Michael...
Seattle and Tacoma...
Mexican Ports...
Coos Bay
Comox
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt :
Panama & Way Ports.
Tacoma
San Pedro
Newport & Way Ports
Humboldt .-
Willapa Harbor...*...'."..
Coos ¦ Bay
San Diego & Way Pts.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
China and Japan....:..
Seattle & . N. ¦ Whatcom
Point ¦ Arena |
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Coquille River.....;.....
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 30
July SI
July 31
July 31
July 31
July 31
Aug. l
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Steamer.
Destination.
iSails.
Pier.
San Bias.....
Point Arena..
W. H. Krugei
St. Paul
Waila Walla.
Bonita........
Empire.......
R. Dollar
Czarina.......
Noyo ...'.:.
State of Cal..
Pomona
Acme.......;.
Hennonthla..
July 2».
Panama & Way. ...
Point Arena
Tlllamook - Bay . . . . .
Nome & St. Michael
July 30. _ j
Puget Sound Ports
San Pedro & Way.
Coos Bay
July 31.
Seattle & Had lock.
Seattle & Tacoma,.
Humboldt . .
San Diego & Way.
Humboldt
Siuslaw River |
Hamburg & Way..
Ansn»( 1.
Sydney & Way Pts
Astoria & Portland
AoKnst • 2.
China and Japan..
August 3.
Seattle & Fairhavn
Willapa Harbor....
Nome & St. Michael
San Diego ..;...
Coos Bay............
12 m|
2 pm
12 m
11 ami
¦ ¦-• I
11 am
9 am
12 m
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
1:30 p
3 pm
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 34
Pier \ 9
Pier, 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier -2
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 13
S wall 2
Sierra;....... I
Columbia
10 am
U am
Pier 7
Pier 24
Coptic........
1 pm
PMS3
Despatch....
Rival.........
Conemaugh..
Corona.
Arcata.......
5 pm
12 m
Pier 18
5th st.
Pier —
Pier 11
Pier 13
9 am
12 m
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle.
A1-K1.-.....V....
Oregon..........
Dlrlgo.......... |
Senator.........
Cottage City. . .
Conemaugh
City of Topeka.
Chas. Nelson...
Victorian
Skaguay & Way Ports
Skaguay & "Way Ports
Nome & Teller.........
Skaguay & "Way Ports
Nome direct
Skaguay & ,Way Ports
Nome & St. Michael...
Skaguay & Way Ports
Skaguay' &. Way Ports
Skaguay & "Way. Ports'
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 30
Aug. 1
Auff. 1
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Time Time '*..:¦ Time
Date Ft. Ft. — —
.;;».,¦ L. VW . H W , L. W
29 .. 3:58—0.6 11:10 4.6 3:36
30 V. -4:37^-0.5 11:45 4.8 4:24
31 ¦';.. 5:15—0.5 12:19 4.9 5:10!
1';.. C:51— 0.4 12:51 5.2 6:57
¦V H W . |L,W H Wl
2 .. 0:05 ~ 6.61 .6:31 0.0 1:24
- 3, :. -.0:56 " 5.31 7:11 0.3 1:59
4 7. 1:50 . 5.0|- 7:57 0.9 : 2:36
&
. 2.S
2.6
2.3
2.0
Time
Ft.
H W
9:43 6.8
10:29 "5.9
11:16 6.8
il'vi ".'"
6:48 1.8
;7:40 1.5
8:39 -1.2
5.3
'5.4
.5.4
ILeneth,
I Feet.
I Time I Starting
[AlloWcef Time.
Finish's) Elapsed [Corrected |
Time. I Time. I Time. I
Sailed by—
YACHT.
Class I. ' ,
Royal (yawl).. 27.50
Surprise (sloop). .1: "27.85
Siren (sloop) 23.10
Thetis (sloop) 33.31
Class II. ¦
Nixie (sloop) 39.83
Tramontana (yawl) '46.75
Chlspa (schooner).. -47.04
•TV* nr>t flnlah
M. S.
16:16
15:19
14:41
0:00
H.M.S.
10:40:00
10:40:00
10:40:00
10:40:00
H.M.S. H.M.S. H.M.S. . .
• Edgrell & Morrow
• A. C. Lee
4:09:50 5:29:30 5:13:09 Paul Demartlnl
4:30:13 6:50:18 5:50:13 R. 3. BrUjmaa
3:32:16 4:29:16 4:17:52 E. S. Ernmons
3:26:43 4:21:43 4:21:43 H. R. Simpklna
¦ I. Gutte .
29:33
13.34
1S:OS
11:03:00
11:05:00
11:10:00
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Crescent City. .
Noyo
¦Wellington
Australia.......
Columbia.......:
Anubls. -.-;.
Pomona
Conemaugh....
Czarina.... .
Curacao...;....
Empire
Bristol
Umatilla...
Eureka
City of Sydney
Matteawan.:...
Acme.....:.....
Corona..........
North Fork....
Rival .
Arcata...
Santa Rosa.....
Aconcagua.....
America Maru.
Rainier....
Point Arena....
Peru.. ......
Mandalay......
Humboldt
Humboldt .".;..
Oyster Harbor
Tahiti
Portland and Astoria..
Hamburg- & Way Ports
Humboldt
Nome &St. Michael...
Seattle and Tacoma...
Mexican Ports...
Coos Bay
Comox
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt :
Panama & Way Ports.
Tacoma
San Pedro
Newport & Way Ports
Humboldt .-
Willapa Harbor...*...'."..
Coos ¦ Bay
San Diego & Way Pts.
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
China and Japan....:..
Seattle & . N. ¦ Whatcom
Point ¦ Arena |
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
Coquille River.....;.....
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 30
July SI
July 31
July 31
July 31
July 31
Aug. l
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 1
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Aug. 2
Steamer.
Destination.
iSails.
Pier.
San Bias.....
Point Arena..
W. H. Krugei
St. Paul
Waila Walla.
Bonita........
Empire.......
R. Dollar
Czarina.......
Noyo ...'.:.
State of Cal..
Pomona
Acme.......;.
Hennonthla..
July 2».
Panama & Way. ...
Point Arena
Tlllamook - Bay . . . . .
Nome & St. Michael
July 30. _ j
Puget Sound Ports
San Pedro & Way.
Coos Bay
July 31.
Seattle & Had lock.
Seattle & Tacoma,.
Humboldt . .
San Diego & Way.
Humboldt
Siuslaw River |
Hamburg & Way..
Ansn»( 1.
Sydney & Way Pts
Astoria & Portland
AoKnst • 2.
China and Japan..
August 3.
Seattle & Fairhavn
Willapa Harbor....
Nome & St. Michael
San Diego ..;...
Coos Bay............
12 m|
2 pm
12 m
11 ami
¦ ¦-• I
11 am
9 am
12 m
5 pm
5 pm
5 pm
9 am
1:30 p
3 pm
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 34
Pier \ 9
Pier, 11
Pier 13
Pier 2
Pier 8
Pier -2
Pier 11
Pier 9
Pier 13
S wall 2
Sierra;....... I
Columbia
10 am
U am
Pier 7
Pier 24
Coptic........
1 pm
PMS3
Despatch....
Rival.........
Conemaugh..
Corona.
Arcata.......
5 pm
12 m
Pier 18
5th st.
Pier —
Pier 11
Pier 13
9 am
12 m
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
City of Seattle.
A1-K1.-.....V....
Oregon..........
Dlrlgo.......... |
Senator.........
Cottage City. . .
Conemaugh
City of Topeka.
Chas. Nelson...
Victorian
Skaguay & Way Ports
Skaguay & "Way Ports
Nome & Teller.........
Skaguay & "Way Ports
Nome direct
Skaguay & ,Way Ports
Nome & St. Michael...
Skaguay & Way Ports
Skaguay' &. Way Ports
Skaguay & "Way. Ports'
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 29
July 30
Aug. 1
Auff. 1
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Aug. 3
Time Time '*..:¦ Time
Date Ft. Ft. — —
.;;».,¦ L. VW . H W , L. W
29 .. 3:58—0.6 11:10 4.6 3:36
30 V. -4:37^-0.5 11:45 4.8 4:24
31 ¦';.. 5:15—0.5 12:19 4.9 5:10!
1';.. C:51— 0.4 12:51 5.2 6:57
¦V H W . |L,W H Wl
2 .. 0:05 ~ 6.61 .6:31 0.0 1:24
- 3, :. -.0:56 " 5.31 7:11 0.3 1:59
4 7. 1:50 . 5.0|- 7:57 0.9 : 2:36
&
. 2.S
2.6
2.3
2.0
Time
Ft.
H W
9:43 6.8
10:29 "5.9
11:16 6.8
il'vi ".'"
6:48 1.8
;7:40 1.5
8:39 -1.2
5.3
'5.4
.5.4
Sedative,
, Big'estive,
The wonderful tonic properties of
l^ZsSSSM^F' ANHEUSER-BUSCrTS
. _ . —The Great Food Drink,
make it invaluable to nursing mothers,
feeble children, the aged, infirm and con-
valescent. It strengthens and produces
flesh. Sold by druggists. Prepared by
Anheuser-JBuschBrewingAss-n
.SuLotds, U. S. A.
Brewers of the Original Budweiser. Faust, Michelobl Anheuser-StandanL
Pale-Lager, ; Export P«le, Black « Tan and Exquisite.
jflr>w1/ ' vW$ * ess ou can k uv a
e2lS>. j IeI Ty y r TT7Q* I r \J jy
r"' V^SL. ro matte f! what !t . costs - The Winchester Repeating
kj^gllgHSj^Sa Shot Gun is now made in "Take ttowri" style in 12 and
\^u t ji£^^^2sfr == ' I shooting qualities with a price within reach of every-
W^tof^^^E FREE— Send name and address on postal card for 184-page catalogue.
llli|illlg§ WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., fflff H Jffj&|VICTORIA, B. C, July 28.— The steamer
City of Puebla, which arrived to-day,, had
a rough passage from San Francisco, a
northwest gale carrying away thirty f '*et
of rail and the steps to the. bridge. .The
seas washed over her funnel.
The steamer Princess Louise brings
news that the salmon run is improving in
the north. On Rivers Inlet the fishermen
are taking 150 to the boat and about 50. to
the boat on the Skeena. About three 'miles
from Victoria monster schools of salmon
were passed going up the straits from l.h«j
Pacific. The water was thick with fish for
over a mile.
• News was brought of the death of J. H.
Alexander, Collector of Customs at Port
Simpson.
The steamer Queen City has arrived
from the west coast of Vancouver Island,
bringing a small amount of gold from the
Wreck Bay mines.
City of Puebla Has a Rough Passage
From This City to
Victoria.
SEA' WRECKS THE RAIL
OF A COAST STEADIES
¦ A - the Islands. ¦
- NETW YORK, July 29.— The Journal says
a vast majority of the 600 American
women and. men now on their .way to
teach Filipinos were compelled to pay for
their appointment as teachers.
Kven officials at "Washington most close
ly interested claim they were Ignorant
that teachers for the Philippines were
obliged to pay a commission and percent
age of their salaries for their appoint
ments. But a United States Senator
opened the eyes of these officials. Here
Is an extract from a letter to this com
plaining Senator: i
"War Department. Office of Secretary Division
of Insular Affairs.
WASHINGTON. D. C, July . S. 1901: Sir—
With resDect to the Platt 1 teachers' agency
charging teachers selected by it in accordance
with Professor Atkinson's request, this mut
ter was not known to the department until
after your brought it to the attention of the
Secretary in your letter of the 25th ultimo,
and he has advised Professor Atkinson tliat
he disapproves of the applicant betas re
quired to pay a commission to any. agency.
Very respectfully,
C. R. EDWARDS,
Chief of Division.
Alleged Scandal Connected With Se
lection of Educators for
PAY A COMMISSION
TO* TEACH FTTiTPHTOS
has caused great excitement in interested
circles throughout Austria-Hungary."
says the "Vienna correspondent of the
Standard, "because the tariff threatens
exports of barley, oats, cattle and timber.
Some papers assert that a commercial
treaty between Austria-Hungary and Ger
many will be impossible if the proposed
enormous increase of duties -is persisted
in. Others take the matter less seriously,
regarding the extravagance of the now
duties as the best security that they will
not become law.".
... . •
w ¦** . %'-
VIENNA, July 28.— The Fremdenblatt.
the organ. of the Austro-Hungarlan For
eign Office, commenting: on the proposed
German tariff law, says:
"If Germany wishes a tariff war Aus
tria,-Russia and the United States will
b© ready to undertake it."
LONDON, July 28.-Tho publication o£
the German tariff bill has caused consid
erable depression - in Government circles
here, says the St. Petersburg correspond
ent of the Dally Mall. M. Dewltte will
certainly institute reprisals if the bill be
comes a law.
"The draft of the new German tariff
Russia and United States
Also Expected to Join .
in the Fight.
Will Institute Reprisals if
the 'German Bill Be- '
comes a Law.
AUSTRIA READY
FOR TARIFF WAR
The last pine grove in Allegany County,
New York, consisting of 400 trees, has Just
been sold to a lumberman for $7500. Some
of the trees are five feet In diameter and
300 years old.
Other singles matches . played during
the day resulted as follows: A. Worth
ington beat Dr. Noble 6—2, 6—1, 6—0, 6—3,
6-0; Sidney Salisbury beat G. Whipple,
6 — 4, 6—4; M. Johnson and A. Rosenberg
tied. 6—4, 4—6; Frank Strlngham beat
Whipple, 9—7; L. E. Wood beat B. G.
Wood, 6—1; A. A. Moore beat Clyde Beal.
C— 4, G— 3, 1—6, and A. Worthtngton, 6—4,
3—6. 8-6; Chet Smith beat Dr. Lane, 6—1,
4—3: Barton Trobock beat P. Kahn, 9—7,
6—3, 3—6, 4—6, 7—5; Joe Daily beat Ray
Cornell. 6-2, 6-1, 3— 4; J. D. MacGavln
beat Cornell. 6—3. 6—2. 6—3.
The best match in doubles was between
Grant Smith and Sidney Salisbury, and
Chet Smith and Dr. Lane. \ Two . sets
were played, each team winning one, 6 — 4.
G. N. Armsby and L. Wood beat B. G.
Wood and Daily, 6—3, 6—1, 6—1, 9—7; S.
Salisbury and F. Strlngham beat - Whip
ple and Dally, 6— 3, and Armsby. and B.
G Wood beat Whipple and L. Wood, 6 — 4.
A larger crowd than usual was on hand
yesterday at the courts of the California
Tennis Club. The best match In singles
was between William .Collier and Merle
Johnson. The latter won,, the .first set
handily, but the more steady playing of
his opponent, proved too much for
Johnson, who lost the next three
sets. The" complete score in Collier's fa
vor was 3— €. 6—2, 6—4, 7—6.
Tennis Matches.
Smithfield. Va.. claims the oldest church
In the country. It Is St. Luke's, erected
in 1632 and restored In 1S94.
SAN JOSE. July 2S. — Simon Coronado.
brother of Alberto Coronado, the man
ruspected of murdering Frank Noroma in
the mountains near the Almaden mines,
was placed under arrest to-night. He de
jjies knowledge of the crime.
Brother of Suspect Arrested.
MILWAUKEE. July 28.— Whist players
from all parts of the country are gather
ing to attend the eleventh annual congress
which opens to-morrow. Among the
prominent arrivals are Vice President P.
J. Tormey of San Francisco. The pro
gramme Includes eighteen contests. The
first begins Tuesday afternon and will be
for the Hamilton Club trophy, represent
ing the team of four championships for
1902. the succeeding rounds being played
rach evening and in the afternoon during
the week on the lose and drop out plan,
the finals being confined to not more than
eight teams.
Tormey Will Contest.
CHICAGO. July 28.— The cup committee
In charge of the trial races for the selec
tion of a defender for the Canada's cup
to-day allowed the protest entered by
the Illinois against the Cadillac. In con
sequence, yesterday's race, in which
Cadillac crossed the line a few seconds
ahead of Illinois, has been given to the
latter yacht. This nuts Illinois. Cadillac
and Milwaukee on the same footing, each
having two victories to her credit. The
reventh and deciding race of the series
will be sailed to-morrow, these three
boats being the contestants.
Canada Cup Race.
out a fair attendance of members and
visiting sportsmen. The principal feat
ures of the day were the "Allen handicap
g n and Sweeney record medal events.
For each event A. J. Webb made the
highest score for the day, 19 breaks re
corded to his credit for the Allen gun
and a continuous run of 17 straight was
made by him for the Sweeney record
medal.
Allen handicap, jrun. 20-blrd race, shot In ten
pair doublep, distance handicap— Cullen. 18 yards
rise, broke 16; Allen. 16 yards, 17; Swales, 16
yards. 16; Hauer, 18 yards, 18; Webb, 20 yards,
19; Webb (B. S.). 20 yards, 18: Webb <B. S.) (2).
20 yards, J5; Reed, 16 yards. 16; Ireland, 16
yards. 10: Debenham, 18 yards, 15; Swales (B.
S.)^ 16 yards. 14.
.Sweeney record medal, continuous break, miss
and out match, ehot in singles and doubles, dis
tance handicap— Roman 0. Juster 5, Ireland 0,
Plade 11. Webb 11, Reed 3, Swales 1. Allen 4,
Ireland 3. Webb 17, Plade 0. Roman 0.
Twenty-bird race— Juster 15. • Reed 17. Roman
12. Swales 17, Cullen 19, Peltier 12, Dubolee 15,
Debenham 18. Ireland 15. Webb 17.
Ten-bird ! race— Slade 10, Reed 9, Duboice 7.
Roman 9, Peltier 7. Juster 4, Ross 7, Roman
6. Swales 6. Debenham 7. Ireland 6, Slade 10,
Debenham 10. Reed 10, Hauer 10. Houpt 8.
BI-MONTHXY SHOOT
OF THE EMPIBE CLUB
Handicap Events at the Traps Draw
Shooters to Alameda
Point
The bi-monthly blue-rock shoot of the
Empire Club at Alameda. Point brought
ANGELS CAMP, July 28.— Rufe Turner
of Stockton and Charles Johnson of
Marysvllle fought here last night. In the
first round Johnson had decidedly the best
of it, but In the latter part cf the second
Turner landed on Johnson's stomach,
which all but knocked him out. The third
round found Johnson very weak and be
fore it was half out he went down and
was counted out. Johnson was bleeding
at the nose and ears, but Turner showed
no Djarks.
Turner Beats Johnson.
The twenty-five mile unpaced (amateur)
race was won by Edward Forrest *of
Brooklyn In 1:00:S9, a new world's amateur
record.
NEW YORK, July 2S.— About 4000 spec
tators witnessed some exciting saort at
the Vailsburg track to-day, but none of
the professional stars was present. The
five-mile motor-paced race between John
King and Ben Moore of Mobile, Ala., was
the feature. Monroe won both heats
easily and in the second announced that
he would try for the record made by Elkes
.it Manhattan Beach on Saturday. Mon
roe rode. steadily throughout and finished
strong, making the distance in 7:27. The
old figures were 7:47 4-5.
Shatters Motor-Paced Records.
VIENNA, July 2S.— Emperor Francis
Josepti has forwarded a generous gift to
Senora. Concha Mcndez, the Mexican song
«?tress. on the occasion of her eightieth
birthday.
After Emperor Maximilian . had. been
shot and Empress Carlotta had gone in
sane, the audience at the Mexican theater
called upon Mendez to sing a song vili
fying them, but she cried out: "No, I
shall not vilify the dead and the un
happy." and a hush fell upon the house.
Emperor Francis Joseph recalls the in
cident.
Stirring: Incident in Her Pro
fessional Career.
Emperor Francis Joseph Recalls a
AGED MEXICAN SONGSTRESS
BECEIVES GENEEOUS GIFT
ANGELS CAMP, July 28.— The Stockton
Athletic Club played the Sequoias here
to-day, the score being 12 to 2 in favor of
the Sequoia Club. The batteries were:
Huskins catcher and Mooring pitcher for
Stockton: Larkin catcher and Ballestero
pitcher for Secuola.
SANTA CRUZ, July 23.— The baseball
to-day resulted: : Santa Cruz, 9; Del
Montes of Oakland, 1.
At Boulder Creek: Boulder Creek, 11;
Los Gatos. 1.
SAN RAFAEL, July 28.— An exciting
game of baseball was played at the East
tide grounds to-day between the San
Rafaels and the Reliances. Up to the
tenth inning each side had three runs. In
the eleventh and last inning the Oakland
boys brought in three more, while the
local team added only one. The score was
6 to 4 in favor cf the Reliances.
At Hollister— Dan P. Carters. 6; Hollis
ter. 9.
Sonoma County League — Geyserville, 12;
Santa Rosa. 9. Petaluma, 12; Cloverdale, 2.
HEALDSBURG. July 28.— The Healds
burg ball team defeated the Independents
to-day by a score of 14 to 7.
Other Baseball Games.
ST. LOUIS. July 2S.— St. Louis found Philllppi
easy, while Harper was an enigma to the lead
ers. The largest crowd that ever entered the
league's park was in attendance, numbering
21,372. Score:
Clubs— R. . H. E.
St. Louis 5 .18 •_ 2
Pittsburg 3 3 4
Batteries— Harper and Schrlver; Phlllippi and
O'Connor. Umplres--O > Day and Brown.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. July 28. — Chicago- Boston American
League game was postponed on account of rain.
Detroit 6 12 1
Baltimore" 4 10 1
Batteries— Howell and Brenehan; Plover and
Buelow.
DETROIT, July :8.— Baltimore started out to
day .to annihilate Slever. the first three men up
making singles and the next a double, but from
that time on to the eighth they failed to bunch
their hits. In the eighth the visitors put two
pingles and a double together and Slever forced
In a run, but that ended their hitting and
wound up an exciting game. Attendance S000.
Score:
Clubs— n. H. E.
Batteries — Hawley' and Maloney; Lee and
Clarke.
Second tame:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Milwaukee '. 9 10 3
Washington 4 7 1
Milwaukee 1 8 1
Washington .' 0 5 1
MILWAUKEE. July 28.— Milwaukee and
Washington played two games to-day, the home
team winning both games by the great work of
Garvln and Hawley in the box. Garvin was
very effective, shutting the visitors cut in the
first game, allowed only five hits. Gear, in the
«=ame game, allowed Milwaukee but one'Tun.
Hawley outpltched Lee In the second game and
with good support won out handily. Attendance
5600. Score— First game:
Clubs- . • R. H. E.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
John Walsh, alias John Leonard, was
arrested last night by Special Officer
Maloney, and charged at the Hall of
Justice with attempted robbery. He was
found, armed with a club. In the room
of Mrs. Nasser, landlady of a lodging
house at 135 Fifth street.
Mrs. Nasser was awakened by the noise
Walsh made in gaining an entrance to
the room through a. window.
Her screams aroused her two' sons, an«l
they rushed to the room and overpowered
the intruder. He could give no reason
for his carrying a weapon or for his pres
ence In the room, so they turned him over
to the police.
Walsh claims he was drunk and tays
he did not know what he was doing. He
gave his name as Leonard, but from pa
pers found on his person it was learned
that his name was 'Walsh. The police do
not credit his story and will hold him
until his identity is more fully established.
PBOWI*EB. IS CAPTUHED
BY LANDLADY'S SONS
John Walsh Caught in Fifth-Street
Lodging-House Armed
"With. Club.
Contractor M. J. Heney, has arrived on
the Yukon, having . Inspected the prelim
inary survey for a railroad between Val
dez and Eagle. The survey has been
made by the engineers w.ho located the
line for the White Pass Railroad. They
found the pass through the Copper River
Mountains, the highest altitude of which
is 2400 feet, iW feet less than that of
White Pass. The proposed road will be
about 500 miles long.
TACOMA, July 28.— During the next two
years the White Pass and Yukon Railway
is to be extended 200 miles from White
Horse to Fort Selkirk, on the Yukon, 200
miles above Dawson. This extension will
obviate the necessity of 6teamers passing
through the dangerous Five Finger Rap
ids, where strong steel cables are now
used in lining them up and down. ¦ • The
cost of the extension will exceed $3,000,000.
The company has now $7,000,000 invested In
a railroad from Skaguay to White Horse,
together with a fleet of eighteen steamers
running to Atlin and Dawson.
President Graves, Vice President New
ell, Traffic Manager Lee and General
Manager Hawkins are now at' Dawson in
vestigating the swift competition caused
by the combination of lower Yukon-trans
portation and trading companies, which
nre shipping In supplies, chiefly from San
Francisco via St. Michael. These officials
have stated at Skaguay and Dawson that
an extension to Selkirk will soon be un
dertaken, probably next spring. The com
pany is now handling an enormous traffic.
Including Government freight for army
posts.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Competition Among . Com
•panies in Transportation
Business.
Three Million Dollars to
Be Spent on an Ex- •
tension.
RAILROAD MEN
BUSY IN ALASKA
gating ditch Salvador Parrlss and his son
Charles engaged In a duel near here at 8
o'clock this morning with Phil McWil
liams. When the battle ended Parriss
and his .son were both dead. Me Williams,
who was unhurt, came Into town and sur
rendered himself to the Sheriff and Is now
held in ialL
According to McWilllams' story, and he
Is the only living witness to the duel, he
left his house early this morning to hunt
coyotes. He was arm«*d with a Winches
ter. Half-way between his ranch and the
Parrlss ranch he met the Parrisses, father
and son. The father opened fire on him
with a repeating rifle and the son fol
lowed rult. He returned the fire, but not,
he says, until his horse had been shot
from under him. He shot both his ene
mies through the head, killing him in-
Ftantly. The Coroner found five unex
ploded cartridges in the father's gun and
nine la the son's.
The elder Paxriss, who -was an Italian,
was superintendent of the coke ovens of
the Victor Fuel Company at Gray Creek,
and his son ran his ranch for him.
McWilllams, who is one of the most
prosperous and popular ranchmen In the
district, took water for his ranch from a
point on a common catch above the Par
rlss ranch. Parries has long accused him
of taking more than he is entitled to. Par
riss was of a quarrelsome disposition, and
the opinion here is that the killing was
justifiable, ,
TRINIDAD, Colo., July 21— As the re
sult of a long standing feud over an irri-
Slayer Surrenders Himself
and Says He Acted in
Self-defense.
?
Special Dfepatch to The Call.
Tragic Ending of an Old
Quarrel Between
Ranch Men.
FATHER AND SON
SHOT TO DEATH
It is almost impossible to cure a stage
;ham.'v.-:'i,.f- ¦ ¦'.-,¦ . ,
¦ ¦ ¦• . . ¦ ¦-;¦. .. : • ¦. : ¦-.--¦
York Yacht Club . will ,be j sailed to-mor
row, when the flyers of the fleet will com
pete, in the annual contest for the Amer
ica Cup. This race has long been one of
the principal features of the club, having
been founded twenty years ago, when
Mr. .Goelet offered: two i valuable: cups for
schooners and sloops. Colonel Astor: sup
plementing them each year. Every cup
aef ender since the days of I the Puritan,
in 1887, has competed in the sloop class,
and all have won with the exception of
the Defender, in 1S95, which was disabled
within four miles of the ' finish when
miles ahead. • ' ¦.,.,. ,,
.; ¦ Up ' to the present year a $1000 1 cup I has
always been given In the schooner class
and ; a $500 cup f or ¦ sloops, z But to-mor
row the value of these prizes will be re-"
versed,', the . larger of the ( cups • going to
the sloops,"- cutters and yawls,*, while . the
smaller cup Jsoffered to schooners. l^The
reason for this change is that for the past
few ¦ years the ' schooner ' fleets have been
constantly^ diminishing. - ,the .¦ Interest'al
most entirely being with:the sloops.,For
to-morrow's races : fifteen - sloops ¦ and
yawls have .been ¦ entered, • while •>. only
three ¦ schooners' will probably start >-;; m
that class. As the sloop and yawl* class
Includes besides | the Constitution and , Co
lumbia, - three yawls and •; five cutters,;! the'
owners of these two latter-rigged classes
of vessels r have • arranged private • prizes
among themselves, believing*, that they
have ' little ' show v .wlth the- two cup '' de
fenders.
Annual Contest of the New York
Yacht Club ! Before the Inter
national Races. , .': 'I :'-V
NEWPORT, July ' 29-The , last . racing
event of this year's cruise of the New
READY TO SAIL FOR.
THE AMERICA'S CTTP
"W. H. Egan and E. J. Sweeney. 21 15 21 17 21
I. Ward and W. Ward.. 11 21 14 21 15
J. Glynn and E. White ....:. .21 17 21,21"
W. Johnson and C. Larkln 15 21 13 19
R. Murphy / and E. Curley .....21 14 21 21
J. RIordan and . D. Connelly 17 21 16 19
T. Herf ernan and W. Sampson.21 . 21 - 19 20 21
C. N. Norton and Dr. J. Tulhy.16 18 . 21 21 19
J. Collins ..:.. ..;....... .......El
J. ; Rlordon ¦ 45
There was a large attendance at the fly
casting contest yesterday at Stow Lake
and the casting was of , high order. .The
weather, was foggy and with not sufficient
breeze for perfection in : long distance
work, although Golcher made, a splendid
cast of ,124 feet. .Brotherton made 113 feet
and B. Kenniff, . who ' is making rapid
strides in all of the events, registered . 110
feet. This is considered a wonderful cast
for a beginner. Another new* man, Heller,
led in accuracy with a\ score of 97 per
cent, followed by Turner, and Young, with
94 8-12; per cent and 94 4-12 per cent, re
spectively. Mansfield easily led in delicacy
with a score of 86 4-12 per cent. ,
Kenniff was ' the star ¦ in lure casting,
running up a score of 94 12-15 per cent.
Brotherton • was second with 91 7-15 - per
cent, and Mansfield third with 82 10-15 per
cent. The scores are appended:
on the Waters of Stow
Iiake.
3cennift . shines as
; successful flycasteb
Results of the Sunday Competition
The La Monts. Lester Reeves and lone
are at the Olyrnpia. j
- This will not only be the last opportu
nity of hearing the distinguished organ
ist before his departure for the East, but
it will also be the final performance on
the Stanford afgan in this city.
Dr. Stewart's final recital takes place at
Mechanics' Pavilion this evening, when
the following programme will be present
ed:
Suite Gothlque. Boellmann
Introduction choral; Minuet Gothlque;
¦Prtere a Notre Dame; Toccata.
Air with variations, in G ....Lemmens
Fantasia in D minor....'....:... ......Merkel
(a) Prlere in D flat....:......'........ I
(h) Intermezzo in B flat SCallaerts
"Slumber Song" V.Y.. .:..... Schjtte
(a) Triumphal March (Sigurd Jorsal-1
fer) . J .........
(b) Im Volkston j-Grleg
(c) Racz des Vaches..... ......:.. I
(d) Danse a la Paysanne J
Fantasia, "Das Rheingold" Wagner
The new bill which opens at the Chutes
to-day includes Bimm, ' Bomm and - Brrr,
musical clowns, late of the Orpheum; Kel
cey sisters, novelty dancers; Marguerite
Hlnscha w, sweet singer of Irish ballads ;
Lillian Levy and Arthur. Parent, juvenile
singing duo; Anna Morris, the dashing
soubrette; Wiggens and Bowman, In a
laughable skit, and a series of new mov
ing pictures.
bill this week, and on Tuesday evening
all the performers, with many others,' will
take part in a complimentary benefit to
be given to the leader, August Hlnrlchs.
Among the people of the week are: Char
ity Martin, Signor Pletro Buzz; Slgnor G.
S. Wanrell, Mabel Rutherford. Jennie
Metzler, Nellie Bruce, Hopper and Hopper
and Karl and Bayle.
• * * •
The Orpheum headliners ¦ this week are
Alexandra Dagmar, the beautiful Russian
vaudeville star, and Molasso Salvazzi's
troupe of French dancers and acrobats,
one of the cleverest troupes ever seen hero.
Murphy and Nicholls repeat their hila
rious success, "The -Bifurcated Girl";
Ameta has a new dance, Stanton and Mo
dena present "A Bargain Fiend," Ed Rey
nard with his moving figures. Arras and
Alice, ' the three Brooklyns and the new
biograph views, including the. launching
of Shamrock II, complete an excellent bill. "
Fischer's Concert-house has an elaborate
"The Ensign" will be given at the Cen
tral,Theater this week, commencing with
this evening's performance. It has been
elaborately staged and will be presented
on a magnificent scale.' The cast Is head
ed by James M. Brophy. who appears In
the title role. 1 Miss Juliet Crosby plays
the woman lead as Alice Greer. Many
new features will be introduced, and the
play ought to have an exceptionally suc
cessful run. - ' ¦ :
"Nell Gwynne'Vis Miss Roberts' current
play at the Alcazar— the Charlotte Thomp
son adaptation of the story. Miss Thomp
son is in town and will see her play for
the first time this week. It was given
with a considerable measure of success
during Miss Roberts' season at the Alca
zar last year, and the buxom, charming
lady whose. . adventures ' are , exploited of
fers agreeable opportunity to the popular
little actress. "Silver-Mounted Harness."
another new play by Miss Thompson, will
follow.
lated In Mr. Pitou's comedy is heard to
best advantage. Next week the Empire
Theater Company of New York. will pre
sent one of the latest New York suc
cesses, "Mrs. Pane's Defence."
THREE STARS WHO WILL APPEAR AT THE CALIFORNIA THIS
WEEK AND ONE OF THE ORPHEUM'S LATEST ATTRACTIONS,
THE RUSSIAN SINGER AND DANCER.
P Farrell and J. Madden:.'.'. .¦...•......'..21 19 21
t! Sweeney and T. Finn................l7.-21;12
J Gutlfay and P. Meegan.;....21 14. 2l'. 21 21
J.' Donahue and C." GreKgus..V.12 21 17 20 18
M. Dillon ' and G. Hutchlnsoh ......^ ... 21 19 21
E. Maloney and P. Kelly. ....... ......13 21,17
Olympic Club Player Defeats "Mid
gey" Maguire Handily in a Bril
liant i Final Game.'
Al Hampton won the final game yester
day afternoon in the Olympic Club open
championship handball tournament, and
with the championship the handsome
Melrose cup. He defeated his opponent,
"Mldgey" Maguire of the San Francisco
Handball Club, by a score of 51-32. ;
Both men played a brilliant game, and
on even terms until each had scored 20.
Hampton's splendid condition began to
tell then, and he soon ran his younger
opponent off his feet. Hampton played a
perfect game, making ' brilliant returns
of balls that Maguire thought he -had
"killed," and placing with great Judg-
Magulre played In form that gives great
promise of his future, and the prediction
is made that when he has grown a few
years older he will: be the crack hand
ball player of the , ; coast.
The game was watched by a large
number of members of the Olympic Club
and the San Francisco Handball Club. 1
Much enthusiasm was manifested. . and
Hampton's victory was a signal for pro
longed cheers and a storm of congratu
lations. • . ¦ _, ,
Other games played at the Olympic
Club yesterday were as follows: J. , C.
Nealon defeated Jack Gleason, 51—47;
Fred Butz and . James McElroy. : beat
Charles Sullivan and Henry Russ by a
score of 21—0, 81— 7; ( Phil ' Newman and
Charles Leighton beat George James and
Johnny Cunningham by a score of 21—13,
21—10: OatieCrable beat Louis Levy by
a score of 21— 17, 19—21. , 21—19; Robert
Bowman and Nick Prendergast beat
George James and "Doc" Jones by a
score of 21—18, 21—10..., . .
At the - San Francisco - Handball Club
the following games were, played: .; \ :
Jim Manion* and M. ¦ McNeil. . . .'..'. IlS : 14 21 19 '
HAMPTON WINS MELROSE '
CUP AND CHAMPIONSHIP
TO-NIGHT the long-expected grand
opera season begins at the Tlvoil
with a performance of "Aida,"
The cast will be one of the best
, that has -ever, been concerned In
the Interpretation of the opera, and will
include Miss Barbareschl in the title role,
Collamarlni as Amneris. Salassa as Amon
asro, Dado as Ramphis. Nicolini as the
King of Egypt and Castellano as Ra
dames. The chorus is enlarged, also the
orchestra, and both are in excellent trim
for the season's work. Paul Steindorff ,
the new conductor of the Tivoll, will make
his first appearance to-night as a director
of grand opera, and Frederick McGreor'a
new drop curtain is the final feature of
the 1901 season.
On Tuesday eveningr the bill will be
"Rigoletto," with Ferrari in the title role,
Repetto as Gilda,- Russo as the- Duke.
Nicolini as Sparafucile and L.ia Politinl
as Magdalena. The minor parts will bo
done by ZanI, Facl, Cortesl. Napoleonl.
Lannie Krueger and Hannah Davis, and
an excellent Interpretation Is »thus as
sured. The house Is practically sold out
for the first few nights and the season all
round promises to be most successful.
. • ? ' •
The Neill Company begins to-night the
second half of its season at the California
Theater, with Henry Arthur Jones'
sparkling comedy, "The Case of Rebel
lious Susan." The play was received with
marked enthusiasm on its presentation
last week at Los Angeles by the Neill
Company, and is said to be a brilliant and
amusing affair.
Edythe Chapman assumes the part of
the rebellious damsel, and her two much
be-bothered uncles. Sir Richard ¦ Kato,. Q.
C, an-1 Admiral Sir Joseph Darby, are
respectively played by Mr. Neill and Mr.
Burton. Julia Dean plays the part of a
widow, and Donald Bowles, who is mak
ing a name as leading Juvenile, will as
sume the part of Lucien Edensor, second
affection of the rebellious Susan.
After this evening the California will,
as usual, begin its new bill on Sunday
evenings. Next Sunday evening Mr. Neill
will present "The Amazons."
* * *
At the Grand Opera-house the offering
for the week is "The Senator," a four
act comedy by David Lloyd and Sydney
Rosenfeld in which for the first time this
season Theodore Roberts will be afforded
opportunity for the exhibition of his pecu
liar talents. Mr. Roberts will appear in
the title role of the play, and as Senator
Hannibal Rivers will give one of those,
excellent character studies that have be
come Identified with his name. E. J. Mor
gan is cast as the- Count von Strahl and
Mary Van Buren will be: seen as Mrs.
Hillary. Following will be a new play of
the revolutionary war, "The Toll Gate
Inn," to be given here for the first time.
. , • :••¦.• ¦¦',..>¦ ¦ .
Chauncey Olcott, in "Garrett O'Magh,"
to-night begins his second week at the
Columbia Theater. ,The sweet singer has
scored his usual success, and In the new
and charming songs that he has lnterpo-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, - JIJLY 29, 1901.
7
California Reopens With the Neills in "The Case of Rebellious.
Susan"— "The Senator" Is the New l?ill at the Grand,
"Nell Gwyhne?' at Alcazar and "The Ensign" at Central
"AIDA" WILL OPEN THE GRAND, OPERA
SEASON AT THE TIVOLI TO-NIGHT
•> *
* *
EASTERN" BASEBAIX.
NAME.
if §i
Delicacy.
If It pi
Battu
Blade <:¦...:-..:.:.
Brooks ..........
Brotherton .....
"Everett,...;.".^
Foulks ..........
Grant .........:.
Golcher •...;.'.;..
Heller. '..'...:...
Halght ...
Huick .. .:.......
Iesenbruck . ....
Kenniff. B......
Mansfield ....".:.
Muller. .-....:..:.
Mocker
Reed .............
Smythe ;v..7..v.
Turner, .".'.*. ".*••'•"
Toung ...¦..'..".;.
85
100
113
104
98
102
124
90
80
96
.70
110
~wtt
68
90.8
91.4
92
84.4
93.4
92.8
97*
84.4,
95'
89.8
73.4
93
91.4
90
73
94"
87.4
88-
,87''
86.4
75.
68.4
64.2
75.10
75.10
74.2
73.4'
74.2
73.4
75.10
74.2 j
82.4
70.10
78.7
83.7
S2.ll
73.7
83.8
80.9
80.8
81.5
80.3
6914-13
*»i"*T-is
79 14-15
75 11-15
63
102
94
95
SO'
93.4
93.S
87.8
90
89.8
94.8
94.4
88.8
94.4
81.8
87'
93.4
90.4
.90.4
85.4
75 •'
78.4
80 .
75.10
70
75.10
75:;
80
80.10
88.4
80.10
81.5
81.8
83.1
S3. 8
82.8
"ii'iij-io
82 10-15
"84
NAME.
if §i
Delicacy.
If It pi
Battu
Blade <:¦...:-..:.:.
Brooks ..........
Brotherton .....
"Everett,...;.".^
Foulks ..........
Grant .........:.
Golcher •...;.'.;..
Heller. '..'...:...
Halght ...
Huick .. .:.......
Iesenbruck . ....
Kenniff. B......
Mansfield ....".:.
Muller. .-....:..:.
Mocker
Reed .............
Smythe ;v..7..v.
Turner, .".'.*. ".*••'•"
Toung ...¦..'..".;.
85
100
113
104
98
102
124
90
80
96
.70
110
~wtt
68
90.8
91.4
92
84.4
93.4
92.8
97*
84.4,
95'
89.8
73.4
93
91.4
90
73
94"
87.4
88-
,87''
86.4
75.
68.4
64.2
75.10
75.10
74.2
73.4'
74.2
73.4
75.10
74.2 j
82.4
70.10
78.7
83.7
S2.ll
73.7
83.8
80.9
80.8
81.5
80.3
6914-13
*»i"*T-is
79 14-15
75 11-15
63
102
94
95
SO'
93.4
93.S
87.8
90
89.8
94.8
94.4
88.8
94.4
81.8
87'
93.4
90.4
.90.4
85.4
75 •'
78.4
80 .
75.10
70
75.10
75:;
80
80.10
88.4
80.10
81.5
81.8
83.1
S3. 8
82.8
"ii'iij-io
82 10-15
"84
'BAHWAY TEAVELf
SOUTHERN PACIFIO.
Tralnm |«a*« nail nre rin* to nrrl»e ni
MAN ritAIKVMt'W.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Streel)
LKATX — FaOMt JULY 14. 1901. — AiSITl
7:00a. Benlda, Suiiun, Elmix* and Sacra- ''* -'
men to 6:>.1p
. T:O«a Vaoi^iUe, Wlntsrs, Eumsey 7>aSp
<«3Va Uartluez, Sau Uauiuu. Vallejo, N»p».
CalistogaaudSauU Koaa 6:23?
8:00a DaTi3, Woodlaod. KnJg&U L»adlng,
Marj»»ifle. (notille ¦? 7:31?
8>OOa AMautic K x press— Ofdeu and Sack 12:«3p
»Ht»A Niles. L*throp, Stockton tMr
SsUOa Nlles, Jlendota, Hanford, Viaalla.
PwttrrtUe 4:33?
' 8:3ttA Shasta Eipress-DaYis, WillLim3 (for
. Bartlett Sprbgs), Willows, Red '
Bluff, Portland. 7i33t
•tSOA Sau Joaa. Litermore. Htocktoii.
lone, ftacramento, - FlaeeiTiUa.
MHrjitBle, Chlco, Ue<l Uluff 4tS9p
8:80a OakOale, Chinese (Yocemite). So-
nora. Carters 4>2.1p
0>OOa Hajward, Niks and Way Statloui. . 1 1 1»3 a
»i«oa Vallejo lsit33r
»i«»i Los Anceles Express — Martinez,
Tracy. Lathrop. Htocktoa, Merced
Fresno aud Los Acceles 7:J63p
B:80a V»Uf]o, Martinez aud War Station! ?iS9r
IO:OOa The Overland Limited— Osdeo, Den.
Ter, Omaha. Chicago StllSr
tl:OOp Sacraiueuto KiTor Mienuiem... fSl*«A
8:3«r liiynnl, MUrnand Way Stations.. 7sO3p
4ittUp UeuicU, Winters, Maerameuto,
Wouilland, Knight* Laadlug-,
Murjaville, Oro»i!le 10:33a
4.OOr Martluex. Hau lUoiou. Vallejo,
Nairn. <Vll»toK». Stnlii Itosa "iM*
4:OOp Nilea, IJvermore. Stockton. Locll... 1Si»3p
4tU»ir Hayw&rd, Mies, Hau Joae. Urcnnore t": 1 ***
4:30p fort Cora, Tracy, Latbrop, Stockton loi33*
5:00* The Owl Liotlted— Fietuo, TuUre,
Bakerafield. Haugna for Sauta JJai- .
bar*. Los Angeles •:3.1a
S:OOr Martinez. Antloch. Stockton, Mer-
ced, Fresno ISsSSp
3:0«p Yosemiie IXtZir
S:3Vp New . Orleans Erpre««— Mendota,
* Fresco, Bakersneid. Loa Angeles,
Dcming. El Paso. Mew Orleans
and East TiilSA
«:Oflp Hajward. Miles aod Sau Jose 7i33 1
f«:«M«r Vallejo lisas*
0:OOr Oriental Mail-Ogden, Cbcyenne.
Omaha. Cuicag-o tttXSr
BiOOp Oriental ilail-Ogden, Denrer.
8t Loota. Chioago. *tM»t
7i««rOn|Oiiuiil Califuruia ISxi-reM.M.o-
• rniueutu, Marysvllle, IteililliiB,
I'nrtlniiil, 1'iiget Hoiimt ami Ralk »:-"J3a
¦iMrSan Pablo. Pmt Costa, Martinet
and Way autioua HiSSa
IWioar Tailrjo 7ta:>p
COAST LiINE (^arroif (iange).
(Foot of Market StreaU
17:43a SinU Cnu Excursion to riaoU Cnu
aud Principal Way Stations JS:03l-
SiISa Newark.Cciitert lllp.,Sau Joae. Felton.
Boulder Creek,.- 1 an ta Crux aud Way
Station* »»»•»
till ftp Newark, Centervilla. Bali Jose, Now
Alm.nlBD, Felton, Itoiilder </'reok,
..¦,'.¦'' Santa Crux and l'riuoiual Way
Stations... i. l*nn*A
4tl5p Newark. Sau Jose. Los G&tos tStna*.
«'ttlSpGlenwood.BonlderCreek. Santa Crag «»t3»A
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
rrom SIS tUi CISCO— fool of Muktt Street (Slip 8)—
17:15 9:00 11.00A.M. 1:03 3:03 5:13r.¥.
rrimOlIUHO— fad •tBr»dw*j.— tll:OO t)>:00 13.-C3
10:00a.m. 12:C3 2:03 1:03 r.u.
COAST LINE (Rroaii Kange).
(Third »nd To-Tnaeiul Sta.) . .;.;--,¦.'
O:1«a San Joae and Way .stitiona.. ........ «Ta«X
17:«IOa Hau Jose ami WaySUUmu l.:i«p
/7:«oa New Alinaiteti / *j1O»
{7iVOa Sunday Kietirsion for San Jcie.
. Rants Cmz. Pacific. Groro and
Principal Way Stations JS:3»#
trtOiSiu Joae. HoUiater. HmiU «.'rux.
¦ Paeilie <ir<i*a, t-alinas. t*a Lois -
Obispo, Santa Barbara aud Prin-
cipal intermediate Muttons 7:30r
10i30a Ban Jcse and Wey Stations. 6:30p
H:!S«a Sau Joae and Way .Stations StSttV
fi; ISv Sau Mateo. ltedwootl. \!»nlo Park.
Fain Alto. Santa Clara, »ai> Joae.
Hollister, Santa <,'rur. Salinas,
Monterey ami l'ncilic (ixnra (10:43 a
• SiSOr San Joie, Tres Pinos. Sauta Cruz,
Pacific Groro aud Way buttons 4:\nr
f4 : 1 3 p San Joae and Pri neipal W ay .Station* » : 4 •"» A
fSiOOrSan Joae, Los Gatos and Friucipal
1 Way Stations " f»:O«A
S:SAp San Jose aud Principal Way Stations . 8:3Sa
•sOOp R«dwo:d, Han Joso, Giirny. Salinas,
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 10:03a
S:nOp Sau Jose and Way .stations t*:'*"*
qll»45p San Josefciitl Way 8UUons 7:3frr
A for Morning. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. 1 Swiday only.
• Saturday only. ¦ < Monday.
• Saturday en fSonday. / Taeadays and Fridays.
NORTH PAGIHC COAST RAILROAD.
't">,. : .L V: : . Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 2S, ; 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALI^EY
AND . SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— «:C5. 8:30, •9:30. 11:00 a. m.,
12:45, *l:45. 8:15. 4:15, 6:15: •635, 6:45 p. m. -
EXTRA TRIPS— For. Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •9:00.", •10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45 *l:30. 2:30, »3:43, 5:00, 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does. not run to San. Rafael
Sundays. • '
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. !
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAY8-»5:25, 6:27, 7:47, 8:35, 10:13
a. m.. «12:25. 1:15, !:20, *3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p. zt.
EXTRA TRIPS - on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15.- 9:45. *11:00 a. m., 12
m., 1:00. 2:15. -*3:30,' 4:30. •5:43, 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. rn. ' ." ¦¦ ' ' ¦ • . ¦
- Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:53. 8:55, 10:30
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45, 2:45, 3:50. 6:10, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:0S. 11:10 a. m.. 12:15
1:20 2:30: J:45. 5:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m. .,
../-.,. THROUGH TRAINS. -.—-.¦,!
6:53 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way. -sta-
tions. • • • :¦•;¦, ¦
8:15 p. m.' Baturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ' • ¦¦¦¦'.¦•¦ i*. .
5:13 p. va. week days (Saturdays except ;d) —
Tomales-andway Btatlons. '¦-',¦
. 6 a. m.' Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
' 10 - a.' : m. "Sundays— Point • Reyes • and ..' way
stations. • - ' . .¦
Falling hair is caused by dandruff,
which la a germ disease. The germ in bur-
rowing into the roct of the hair, where it
destroys the vitality of the hair, causing
the hair to fall out. digs up the cuticle in
little scales, called dandruff or scurf. You
can't etop the falling hair •without curing
the dandruff, and you can't cure the dan-
druff without killing the dandruff germ.
"Destroy the cause, you remove the ef-
fect." JCewbro'e Herpicide is the only
hair preparation that kills the dandruff
germ Herpidfle is also a delightful hair
dresslnc.
Kill the Germ.
Dandruff, Which Is a Germ Disease-
CAUSE OF FALLING HA1B.
Weekly Cali.^l.OO per Year
TUSmmMh T«rry-r»o t«flUrt.t8L
invi •»« r«*i». j ' _ . . \ . <»mn mAn irua,
T30 A. M. ) - . WEEK DATS ( 3:35 >'• M «
* 8.00 a. it.) . f 12:13 lMt
9*0 a.m. • : . Id5l'.i«.
U30 A. M. i " .BU»»AY». - 4;50 ,,
lSOr.a. ' fi*)i». if.
taOF. M.J . .'¦¦'•¦-.¦¦. " 1. 7:10 IMC.
-. , Tm. Saa Tmrtm «• ghratKH aad Satarn. tl-M
Ticket Offices. «21 Market St.. & SansalUo F«Try.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWA 1
I CALIFOMli H0RTH1ESTEBI RL COL
LESSEE
SAN FRAHGISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry. Poot of Market's^
San Francisco to Saa Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 13:33.
3:30.', 5:10, 6:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:S0
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAY&-8:0O, 8:30, 11:00. a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.
tan Ral'ael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 13:45.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra , trips at 1:53
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS. .8:10. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. »:«,
5 :05, 6 :25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect ( Arrive
San Francisco. | April 23. 1301-1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. | days. [ Destination. | days. | Pay.
7:30 am 8:00 am Xovato. . 10:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am • Petaluma. 6:05 pmi 10: 15 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pro) 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. '¦ 10:25 am
. 5:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville, ¦ -¦ , .
3:30prti 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pmi HopTand 110:40 am[19:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:iO am "- • , 10:40 am 10:25 am
*' ' • ' '8:00 aim ." Ouerneville. 7:37pm '
3:3Qpm 5:00 pm ¦¦ '..'¦¦¦-. 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am • Sonoma <¦; 9:15 ami 8:40 am '
¦ * ' -' and '
;B:lQpm 5:00."pm Glen Ellen. 6:03 pm| <:3)pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami - . 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 3:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| <:20 pm
¦ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville if or Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdala
for -the - Geysers;*, at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Springs. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs! Upper- Lake. Pomo, Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. Lierley's. Buclcnell's.
Sanhedrln Heights, Hultville, Orr'« Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brag?. West»
port Usal Wlllits. Laytonville. Cummins,
Bell's Springs. Harris, Olsen's. Dyer.-.Scotl*
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates. ,'...- .
On Sunday reend trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
• Ticket Office, 650 Market street. Chronlcla
BulldiES- . _-
H. C. WHITING. . R X. RYA>T,
Gen. .Manager. Pen. Pass. Ayt.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KK.iaSY ST. Established
In 1*54 for the treatment nf Private
Dl.tr.tses, Loxt Manhood. "Debility or
dUraae wearlaffon body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor enres when
others lail. . Try him. . rharges low.
I'nrti snarantrfd. Call or writa :
l>r. J. JF. OIBBOX, isau Francisco, Cal. :_
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
{¦¦'•¦¦¦ j U-j
;Xirsbrts^^^1
o/ Conveniences
Burlington tourist sleeping-
- cars have all sorts of con-
veniences — Pintsch gas, toilet
rooms, marble wash-basins. -
high-back seats, double win-
dows, a heating range for
making tea and coffee, and
tables to write on or to use at
meal time.
They leave Los Angeles. Mondays and
Wednesdays; San Francisco, Tuesdays and
' _ Thursdays — Omaha.
I I * Chicago, Kansas City,
[Wwesfrggri St. Louis-EVERY-
ilinlriiTi (JTT'I WHERE east.
tfPsrH&l Tickers and bertha \
i *3'('!P Bt 3 * ¦^* r ' cst Street
bMUJJUIBI w. d. Sanbox-v. i
I I . Cen'l Agent.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I Local I Llm'd I Ovrl'd I Local
I Dally | » - I Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a UM5 a 11:10 p 7:1S p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:13 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 ji
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalla... S:40p 4:4S a ..'......
" Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 6:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
*' Chicago.. | 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for rooming, p for afternoon.
•9:00 a. m. train Is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying Palace Sleeping: Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of locul
first-class passengers. No second-class
ticketB honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday.
4:20 p. m.. is. Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p.' m.
flaily. ' : . .
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, tyith
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5 :55 p. ni.
flaily.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping sit
all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corrn-
eponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
' Of flees— 641 ¦ Market • street and' in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oalc-
lan<1 ; _^^^^^^_^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.THE SANVFRANCISCO,:.CALL; MONDAY, JULY 29, 1901;
8
•HELP WASTED — MALE — c ** n> j;_v
WANTED— Trustworthy man partner with
respectable lady in No. 1 cash business; clears
. $200 per month; $150 required. 33S Keamyst., j
¦ rooms 4 and .5. ¦ ¦ r ' •
WANTED—A man who' can act us coachman
and gardener; state- wages and experience;
references required. Address boa 4510. Call.
WANTED— Man for retail dry seeds store to
clean up at night: references required. Ad-
dress O. F.L. & Co.. box 3038. Call office.
WANTED— Stronjr office boy about IS years;
oall at once. 127 Mason st. - .
! BEDMAKER. Potrero Hotel. 301 Twenty-sec-
ond st.; $23 and found. ________
WANTED— Errand boy. Apply stall 55. Union
• Square Market, bet. I and 3 p. re.
ALL sizes Run's shoes, ollghtly dumased, ' half
price. 663 Mission St.. bet. 1st >nd 2d eta.
WANTED- A union barber; Bteadly job. Cor-
ner Thirtieth, st. and San Jose ave.
WANTED— A collector and solicitor; S to 9 -a.
m. T. J. KEEFE. 903 Post St.
VEGETABLE man. 434 Fifth at.'
WAGON blacksmith's helper want'd. 820 How.
ard st. . '
BOY .wanted. t-SS Folsom at.
STRONG boy; 16 years; $23. O Clay st. S.
F. Employment Office. > .
WANTED— A bootblack; barber Hhop; steady.
143 Larkln st.
WANTED— A man to work at lunch counter.
Tlvoll Cafe. 13 Eddy st. .
STRONG boy for candy factor/ and store.
O'BRIEN'S, 22 Sixth at.
WANTED— A shoemaker on custom repairing.
939& Mission st. ' \ -
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at J50
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved; examina-
tions and diplomas given free: complete out-
fit of tools donated: wages while learning;
more calls for our graduates than can be sup-
plied; call or write at once for free catalogue
and special' offer. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
8. navy; ablebodled. unmarried men of good
character, between the agea of 21 and 35; not
less than 6 feet 4 Inches and not over S fe«t 1
' Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
offlje. 40 Kilts st.. San Francisco.
WANTED— Experienced manager for special
branch of our business extending; over coast
und Hawaiian Islands; If mutually agreeable
party may purchase V 3 interest of this branch;
state experience, ability, age, etc. A. B., box
37S4, Call office. .
YOUNG man wanted for outside work In city;
salary $60 monthly; commission and expenses:
must be energetic and In position to Invest
few hundred dollars (returnable); exceptional
opening for right man. Address box 4474, Call.
WAREHOUSEMEN, grain handlers and aack
sewers are hereby notined to remain away
from Vallejo, Crockett and Fcrt Costa until
further notice. By order Bay Counties Ware-
housemen's Protective Association No. 922S.
WANTED— Immediately: !00 tint-class labor-
ers; good pay; good food; long Job; free med-
ical attendance; dally mall. Apply to E.
MARRE & BRO., Jackson, Amaicr Cwnty.
WANTED-Trustworthy man partner with
respectable, lady In No. 1 cash buslner*;
clears $200 per month; $150 required. S23
Ke-arny St.. room 405. _____________
TOUNO man to assist In notion store, who hoi
had some experience on show windows and us
salesman: state experience, ability, refer-
ences, age. etc. H. P.. box 373). Call ofHce.
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective Asso-
ciation, foreman, second ani! third bread
bak«rs; also confectioners; gooi pay; p«rma-
nent positions. 127 Mason st.
WANTED— Laborers and maohiinlcs to know
that Ed Rolkln,. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. !17 Third St.: 120 large
rooms; 2So per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— Younjc man with some cash; $33
month and board; no experience. 498 Fourth
»t.; restaurant. '
200 MEN and boys to work In bottling estab-
lishment; men having had experience pre-
ferred. Address 51S dough st.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIP,
Pint Commander Geo. If. Thonas Post No. t,
O, A, Rm room 40, Phelan bide, 804, Market,
JEWELERS, SIS Iluah at,, third floor, room 4.
WANTED- A few Jobbers for Jewelry trade,
IT Lick place-, Lick House,
PliiVi'JUAL cood clerical positions open. Call
Bt 10Q8U Market at,, room i,
BTHONO hay to lr*rn candy trade, Apply
Uf.t> Valenola. Et.
liQr\ r 7a"r i pl\imbln8"phop, 1 Call beter* » o'clock
at ftii Pftvls »t»
WANTRt^Ymins man to help en eaken, M08
1Venty»fe«rth »t.
WANTKD— A Junior haml far etaihlns ami
furnUhlng gem*3. 719 Manuein^ry tt.
ilM* a&etpt in store anil run errandij well
reeommgndwi, R33 Valencia it,
BAILOUT, (ordinary, tot uhlp* ler all p«ru of
world, HKKMANjBjJjfl L*teuttft »t>
YOUNO man ta (So~lttnTtf>r *tjrlt ttt tuition In
Ban rrantfisco ltarWr t*cht>ol. 741A Howard.^
COATMAKEK8 wanted. D13LA8CO & HARRIS
CO.. 641 Market st.
}2 PER day for 3 or 3 good solicitors. 63
Columbian bulidlnff. __^_^
GET your nhnes haU-roletl while waiting; 23c
to 60c. 6fc» Mission >t.. bet lnt and id sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 6(0 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 60c up. 211 Third st.
WANTED— A good photographer and router.
Address box 4435. Call office.
WANTED— 300 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up: soling 20c tip. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms. 25c night: readlnK-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1095
Valencia st. 'V
r: T
,': I, HOSPITALS.
MENTAL and nervous #Iseas«»— A few select
cases will be cared for at Honpltal and Sani-
tarlum. 230 Douglass st.. San Franclaco.
HORSES AND WAGO.YS.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth st.; auction sales evury Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR sale— Cam pins: wason, light team and
harness. 1202 Mission at., room 2.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 3 fast
, pacers. 721 Howard at. * -
ALL kinds of wagons, juggles, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camning wayon for sale, cheap. 632 Mission.
HORSES AVAXTBD.
HOUSES wanted to work on scraper Job; fcur
or five months' work. Apply at 2( Montgom-
ery *t., room 25.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houtses to let: Bend for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 1* Montgomery.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1736— Elesrant sunny resi-
dence, 12 to. 14 rooms and bs.th: fine marine
, view; large garden; heaters;-2 dancing halls.
HOUSE of 10 rooms, partly furnished or un-
furnished. . Apply at premises,' 1713 Bush st.
$14—403 GREENWICH st.: hDUse, 7 rooms,
bath; suitable for two families; large sunny
yard.
$11 — SUNNY house of 5 rooms, yard and base-
ment. Key at -2223 Geary st. ¦
F V RXI S H E D HO U S E S— -I J JJB U RBA5.
FOR rent In Ross Valley — Completely furnished
modern house of 11. rooms and bath:, 5 min-
utes' walk from Ross station. 'Apply box 43.
Ross statlpn.
JEWELRY, "WATCHISS. ETC. .
FOR sale cheap— Lady's small gold watch ard
genuine emerald ring. 14 McAllister St., room
18. between 1 and 3 p. m. *
. LOST : AND V'QVXD.
$20 REWARD for return of val!.se lost. between
ferry and Occidental Hotel. Friday. July 26,
about 9 p. m. Return to 20 iiutter at.
LOST— Friday, ¦ July 2<J, a gold red ¦ enameled
crtsa, with gold double eaglrs and diamond
set In center. Liberal reward will be paid for
return of same to J. H. BRCNING8. 18 ana
• Is Prumm st. ' ' *
1 LOST— A pass-book with The Iltbernta Bavin*,
and Loan Society of 8an Francisco, in the
, name of RICHARD V. Mc.\LL18TER. No.
i 213-614. The . finder will pieasa return to
bank. ' ' " ' ¦
LOST— A pats book with The Klbernla Savings
1 ' and Loan Society of Ran Francisco, In the
' name of MARIH TONYA, N>. v 231-1101. The
finder will plena* return to bank.
LOST— Lady's dtamond-atuddad gold . watch
marked MINNIE HOWE LL. Liberal reward
for Its return to Hushes House. 211 Third tt.,
this city, or Ruihvllle. Illinois.
¦ Wnnted— Old gotrt and manufacuirlnR. O. Nolte,
Jawaler, 24S O'Farrell. bet. 1'otvell and Mason.
EMPLOYMEXT WANTED— FEMALE. |
EXPERIENCED Gern!an~nurse" wishes to take
- ; care ' of ' Invalid . or Infant; • Oakland ¦ or the
vicinity • preferred ; . wages . $23. 1267. Eleventh
«. st. .East .Oakland. . ¦ '.. .. r ¦' ¦ : "-
HOUSEKEEPING or any kind or respectable
u .work; two girls from the country. , lOCSii Mar-
ket at.;" room 4. > ..." ¦ -¦¦•¦'; "_
EXPERIENCED nurso with references wishes
| a few more confinement cases. Address 1691
Howard st." V .^ifflSS . - .
FIRST-CLASS sklrtmaker wants position.. Ad-
dreuBbox 3735, Call office.- . ¦ '
.YOUNQ' experienced 'German nurse wishes en-
gHgemcnta as lady's nurse. 1321 Mason at.
AN experienced nurse wishes position to pare
for an Insane person. Box S83S. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44. Third St.. nr. Mar-
kei— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; $150. to
$fi week; convenient nnd respectable; free bu«
and baggage to and from ferry. .
A BRANCH olHce for Call advertisements *nd
subscriptions has been established at , 109G
Valencia st. * . ¦¦.y-:-,y ¦__
CLASSIFIED ndvertlwrnents and subscriptions
; r*c*l\<M nt.Call brnnoh office. 2200 KWnyre rt.
| KMVIiOYMKXT WANTED MALE.,
MAN and wife, Danes, want position In the
- country or city. Box 3721. Call office. • '-.
BOY of 10 wishes to learn the machinist trade.
Box 4512, Call office. ' - ¦
A RELIABLE v man and wife wish to take
charge and do the wo?k In a email place In
the- country or stock ranch: good references.'
Address T. P.. 1519 Howard st. - ' ¦ '
NURSE with 2 or 3 nours 1 spare time arter-
noon and evening, would care for invalid gen-
tleman; can give massage. Box 3707. Call.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country place as coach-
man, . gardener and general utility man;' can
milk and understands his- business thor-
oughly; . references. -Box 4502. Call office.
UNDERTAKER, young man. wishes to learn
- business; moderate terms to start. Address
B..y box 4505. Call office. ¦ - -
GOOD middle-aged hotel waiter desires steady-
position. Address H. KIEHL, New Atlantic
Hotel. 207 Montgomery ave. ' '.
WANTED— Position as watchman; can' take
charge stationary ¦ engine; 12 years' experi-
ence ;¦ reference. 95S Mission st.
ACCOUNTANT, cashier, correspondent, 27.
¦ competent and experienced office manager;
absolutely highest Indorsements. • Box 8759, .
Call office. ••¦ '
JAPANESE wants a position in small family
ns school boy near Lowell High School. T.
K.. 121, Halght st. • - - ' . ___
A -BRANCH 'Office for Call advertisements ntui
MilisorlptioiiH has been established, at 10%
Valencia at. , '
CLASSIFIED advertisements ami mihdcriptions
received nt Cnll branch office. 2200 Flllmore m. j
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. E;J.O'Rourke.l303 ValencIajtel.Capp 26S2.
FIXAXCI AL. ......
PACH'IC^'c&iriJn^^
have 42 offices in operation: new method of
placing atocka and bonds; compantea Incor-
porated; stocka and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office, 607-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A^ItOOM new nat. partly furnished; good
ynrd: rent $6 month; water free; fine view;
x No. 21 Holly st., t>0 feet from Mission cars,
opposite Thlrty.thlrd & Mlsulon; no children.
HKAUTIFUI,, new 7, 8 and 8 rooms: murlnn
view; owner there 10 to 4; Van Ness and
Union. ' « ¦ ,<
A-RKNT .reduced; new; mnrlno view; 8 rooms;
both. 204 Vnn'NenM ave., near Union it.
A— Kour brnml new flat*, 8 rooms, bath each.
US2 to 1192 Kills wt.. near Oough.
FLAT of 7 rooms ami Imth; rent $30. Cor.
llnycs nnd Webster stH. .
FI4AT of 4 rooma; rent $14. 401 Oak st., cor-
ner I.aguna.
Flat a rooms ami bath, 4059 Nineteenth it,,
»eur Costro.
FLAT of 5 tunny ronma and bath, yard and
basement. 184 Page »t, < ,
LONVKTiTflnt, two rooma, 8 Martha place, near
Henry and Taylor sis,
Nicis,' sunny furnished lint of 4 rooms, Apply
mi Nfttnnm i»t. T
HUN N V TmyVwInduVnatrs ToonisThRthT "wRier
_frnft Key wt t>8< W\ »*¦.,,-
HIJNNvTT«wer flat of fl mon»r«n(l bath. Cer-
nor Market ami Laauna Ma,
tj'lWHIU'JI.U 18SM935=Mnt1ern n«U! R unit «
rnomp, Imth, yartl, basement 1 reaponalila,
l?l ( 4»l'(4 WAXTI3D.
WANTKl^Unfuvnlpiieii fist ef T er » roonm ftml
Imth, «par I'arki rent not ever |39j en lent
term, Artilreen linx §P1T. Call fltflee.
, iniHMTtlltM fOU 8AL13.
GGnNKlt flat ef f mmi, furnlihed eemplete;
water free; mnt $20; it iwmn rent rur $10
t-aeh. js74_ifdward n. i
4 HOOMH furtilfh^d I11 oaU, $48 50, With No, 1
j:ange. King furniture Co., ll-T-1131 Mnrket,
FtmNlSHKO fl7t~froomB for sale. S3 City
Hall rvp.j call a to 4.
FUIlNITIUtn WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1402 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone JesBle 2071.
Auctioneer; W. P. Ueaiiciiamp, 2 Golden Gate
ave.: tel. JPEfle 123; furniture. mdBO., bought,
BKFORK selling your furniture, see Abram's
Auction House, 110.1 Mission. Tel. Jessie 1100.
TEL. JesBle 7C1 before selling furniture. . Car-
petp, planoB, etc. CHASi LEVY, 1133 Market.
A. WOLLPERT.. 773 "Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture: tel. -Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 694.
furniture and furn'd houses bought: spot cash.
GLOVES. .
D. & F. new $1 grlove, retailed at factory price;
•warranted; kent In repair. 121 Grant ave.
1IISL1* JVANTEU — KKMALE.
AT C. R. HANS13X & CO.'S... .Phone Grant 183
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. •
• For Southern California.
S waitresses, new cafe, San Diego $25
Start Monday night Half fare paid
"2 waitresses, Los Angeles, - free fare $23
Fancy ironcr, San Dieso, half fare' paid.. $JG
.. 50 waitresses to book, for hotel3 south....;...
Waitress, llolllster, faro paid..... ..$20
3 waitresses, Sacramento $2.">
2 waitresses, Woodland,, see party here J«i
Waitress, Berkeley $20
Waitress, St. Helena Fare paid $20
¦Waitress, Auburn, fare .paid' .'...$20
•2 waitresses, Santa Cruz, fare one way. ...$20
.Waitress. San Mateo, wee party here $20
Waitress, Institution, country ............ ..V3o
Waitress, Marysvllle, fare paid ;...". $20
10 waitresses, city ....;.... ......$20
banish cook, Santa Barbara .' "...$35
-• I'- FAMILY -DEPARTMENT." -¦
Houseerlrl. -Los Angeles, fare paid ..'..$23
Nurseglrls, ranch, country $12
: Houspglrl, Tres Pinos, fare paid % ....$20
.Housegirls,. 2nd glrlx, nurses, cooks.. $10, $30
. C. It. HANSEN & CO..- ¦ ! ¦ - 104 Geary st.
' A SCANDINAVIAN Klrl for cooking and houae-
¦ ¦ work; $2S; small American, family; office fee
pnld.by lady. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101
Geary st.
A RKFINED American- nurseRlrl: $13; • office
. fee paid by lady. - C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
. Geary st. .
2 COMPETENT girls; same house; downstairs
. and 2nd Kill and nvrse; office fee paid by lady.
C. R. IIANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st,- .*.-
SCANDINAVIAN or German .woman. 2 days
• a, week for washing and ironing. Call .this
day at C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. 104 Oeary. Bt.
A— MRS. M.E. DAY.. ...... ...Phone Main 1575
i...... HOTEL DEPARTMENT . ; .........
, I Head waitress,. $30, free if are; 2 waitresses,
first class commercial hotel, $25; 2 waitresses,
Houth,. $23;. 4-waltr«s»?, Salt Lake • City,
$22 50: 10 waitresses, different country hotels,
. $20 .and $25; • 8 ; waitresses, t city - hotels, ¦; $20
.......... KAMIT-Y DEPARTMENT ...........
Swedlch cook, $30, no washing or house-
cleaning, country, 1 see lady here. 1 1 fare paid ;
3 houseglrls, country, $20, - $25; 25 houseglrls
nnd cooks, $20 and $25 to, $30. ...;.. "..;... ... J .:..
MKS. M. E. DAY 335 Oenry St.
A— HOTEL : GAZETTE. ,' 28 MonUomery. r. .12.
2 ." waitresses, . country hotel, $20, free fare.
¦ .'¦¦'.'¦ ' ' 1 , ' \ . * .
• COMPETENT-' young , lady to- assist' forelady
. In shirt factory ; ; one ; who , thoroughly under-
stnnds the buslrresi; state experience and sal-
ary expected. »,, Box 4309,* Call office. .."¦>
EXPERIENCED operator on button hole ma-
chlne; utendy • work ; good pay. ,; Brenner-UI«
man 1 Co. M 17' Pnttcry: st.
WANTED— Second Klrl for small family: state
'^..wnirea • and. experience; ¦ references 'required.'
j. •¦ Apply box 4511, • Call offlco.' •" '-¦¦' *
.¦WANTED— Tahln hniiflu nnd apprentices. .Ap-
: ply/ Hhoe factory, 103 Mlvslon st. . ¦
' Kl/DMHI.Y womnn p« housekeeper, ' who under-
/ . Htwnds care of children. • Apply 131. Valencia.;
WANTKD-A good German woman for. genera!
housework and cooking. 1915. Eddy 'St.? •<¦ .-.;,;
i piiofRSTANT girl for general housework,; $14.
' ;.'3S Silver st. ,/
MATRIMOXIAL. *
• * JIATI-KKSSES AM* I'll^L.OWS.
TO order, also cleaned and aterili Jed. uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning: honext work guar-
Inteefi HOPK^i BROS.. 411 to 4U Powell St.:
let. B>i!»h <?1. '
— atKOICAI..
A-RENOWXED specialist: those who dsslre to
obtain results promptly: I treat ladles only,
my regulator has no equal: all classes ot fe-
male complaint* relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most ornate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain,
no other treatment will do this: the most dif-
ficult cases treated: scWmtlflc m"^"* 8 " ,*»»'"
anteed. DR. a. >V. O'DO.V.NEU* low Market.
MRS. DR. WYETH has removed from Post st.
to 410 O'Farrell: reliable ladles' ;peclajlst. -«
years' successful practice: suar. treatment at
omce; any ailment: private home for patients
before and during confinement: low fe«».
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all femal^
complaints or money returned: my regulator
never fall*: the most obstinate cases re»l>\ed
without pain: best cure: fee low: consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLKN. 111S Market, nr. M»son.
Dr. and Mrs. Davl-s. 1J2S M.irket: our regulator
Is a treatment that has brought health ani
happiness to thousands of suffering wo" 1 "'
office treatment guaranteed: strictly .reliable.
HINDOHERB AND MRS. DR. DA VIES*
original method of treatment: maternity
home; stamp for circulars. 1123 Market. S. F.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. O. O. ave. & Fillmore.
EXCEPTIONAL MINING OPPORTUNITY.
Capital is needed to work ore in a group or.
thoroughly developed gold mine* of larse ex-
tent and undoubted value; tunnels, shafta
and drifts already completed expose vast
bodies of valuable ore on the mother lode,
no hoisting or pumping; tree water rig ats.
cash required. $20,000, for which a liberal in-
terest In the mines will be Slven: luun«ns»
lncomea are derived from neighboring mUM
on the same lode. 821 Phctan bldg.
MISCELLAXEO US— FOIl^S-iLBj^^
BOILERS, engines. Sd-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. l»-m Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second hand: we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand: 32 complete outflta on
one floor, ready made: we can ahlp every tnlnir
In 21 hours. J. SOONAN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $3 to
$1SO: easy terms: chlldren-s toy grapnopnones
SI BO: 2d-hand Phonographs. Oramophonea very
cheap Columbia Phonograph Co.. US Oeary-
AIR compressor. 3 sUes, 6,* 10. 20 stamp mills;
80 mlnlns; cars, pumps, locomotive, rail mo-
tors, generators: 4 sets hoisting works: steam
and water power. J. B. Jardlno. S3) Fremont.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipes, shafting, pulleyi.
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear it.
ALL. kinds second-hand bulldlne material, lum-
ber, lath. brtck*and firewood: lowest price*.
Dolan Uulldlng Supply Co.. I6U Markat at.
4 I1EAUTIFUL diamond rings cheap; no rea-
sonable cash offer refused; must sell. 240O
Howard st^ '
REMEMBER the College Kennels has the la re>
e*t stodc of dogs of. all descriptions. US
llnlght st. ______________
A-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora h*t«. $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits." $10; dress pants. $3 73. MISFIT
CLOTHINO PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 1.3 Ellis st.
GOOD family cow for sal* In Oakland. Box
KH Bulkier*' Exchange, City.
MOVING picture attachments for raaglo lan-
terns. S12 CO. 109 Montgomery st.
GASOLINE englneH. alTslae*. new and second-
hand. J. E. UOAK. Ml Mission st.
FIRST-CLASH second-hand modern engines ar.il
boilers bought and -old. KUOO11 Mb'Q. Co.
UAlt iiuttlta, showcases; all lengths and ataes.
J. aCHWKRUT. -21 Mission st.
WU pay bis prices for ladles' sealskins. Port*
land Loan Offtoa, '-> Stockton at.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged, II. 8. White, Md Mission-
8AKi:d-New nnd second hand "all alaea. THE
WALT% HAFt:. 101^111 Market -t.. Man Fran.
5A*KKjt-New ami 'second hand, Tilkl HKW«
MAN PAFE CO,, 41T«Q H^cra me ntpj »t.
KNOlNr'a "ani bo|ldr»; pecanil-hAnil mivchln-
ery, ntfUKK. W Ileaia m,
PAHtBANKt 1 W'ton hnV#e»ia; jeweicr'a *(••!•
llneij «afe, fcrfat't order. 8H Callfctrnln K.
t5rtanltn,> er iiuuiut* en3tn#s. new and M'han,i,
all Ptiaaj guaranteatt. NHWtHA, 64 niwtnma.
UAOIO Isnternn, new »»n<1 M>han>1 m«vln» r>t>3»
?\irw. nlfM»AnR * PRRt!K. 1S1 IPwlit,
fjgmmmmmm ——«»¦- —»—¦—¦— ——»——»_¦ — — — 1
MI!*t?13t,t.AMCOl!S WANTS.
OOOt> fmlt er trwery wairon wrtnt#i1, MR.
_J\9'jKNtlA_Ry,_10jJ Howard tt. ffrult otow).
TtLTON wants twod ipwnd-hand etothlns *mt
theatrical go^rin. M 9th st.i tut, frttnom 3533.
MOM BY TO t.OA.V.
AA^^iiKmJAi^tultpinrT^aS^arkrt^
makes loans on second mortgages, undivided
Interests In estates, etc.; also large or small
loans on good ranches; If your property is
mortgaged and you need more money, don't
fall to see me; lowest rates; quickest settle-
ments; financial problems of all sorts and
Plie-. solved by MERMAN MURPHY. 630
Ma rket^s^
AA— MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANY.
S3CO.0CO at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City At
Oakland; town & country property, second
mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests In
real estate and legacies. - We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red tC24. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO., 7th floor. Ciocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT « PER CENT...".
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest In real estate In probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
' 21 Montgomery St., room 3
A— MONEY to loan at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooma 9 and 10, 906 Market at.
ANY proposition, any amount: « per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate, Interest
In estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. IS. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtatn
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 0-16 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country: see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 357 Parrott building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; conflden-
tlal. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest Interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st. room (3.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, sliver, diamonds.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$1CCO; any security. 302 Montgomery St., r. 1.
MONEY loaned salaried people wlthdut aecur-
Uy. Hill, r. 44. Merchants- Ex.. 431 California.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 118 McAllister
3% on- furniture and pianos: $15 up; no removal;
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries cr wages; no indorser required, s.
F. DI3COUNT AGENCY. 113 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no tndorser; Eastern
plan. -Western Loan Co.. 3C9 Phelan bldg.
$W0.C00 TO loan cn real estato or for building;
low rate. £22 Sansome St.. room 2.
THIS Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
-21 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on nots without
Indorser. MORRELL. «03 Examiner building.
~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
a" question . ..... .~. ............ . ~.........;~r ,
Why is It our competitors fight and lay
more against the Ludwig ptano than any
other make? .Because they know that there
ia more real value In tha "Ludwig" than
any other piano. It ta the best piano for tha
money In the market. They know It We
know tt and you will know It when you *e«
and hear It.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO.. Sole Annts.. ¦
»33 Market St.. 8. F.: 9H Broadway. Oakl&mt.
A MOST remarkable sale of pianos at reduced
prices will close August 1 at our store. TO
Market St.: parties who have not been able to
decide havo now only three duya In which tn
.do so; we shall have an extra fore* of ault--
, men to wait upon customers, so that none
may go away dlsuppolnted; remember, that
nil out pianos _ro offered at SO per rent ami
.»<> per rent discount from the regular prices.
I THBZKNO MAUVAI3 MUSIC CO. v "^''
ANY plan'* sold by us taken back any time
within S years and full purchase, price at>
lowed. on »« new peerle*. Knabe at rejnilar
price: costs yon only 20c a day to buy a pun*
from us. KOHL.ER _ CHASE. M O'fimU
t St.; established 1S50.
_¦________________¦_______¦
HELP \\VANTKD— FBMAIjK— Con. V-
.WANTED-A competent lady law stenographer
and : typewriter. - Addresar statins: experience,
¦ typewriter used and salary expected, Y.. box
¦3720.' Call office. . • - '¦¦-'. v -
YOUNO woman tor general housework ; wages
;-. $20. .760A Howard St.. from 4 to 9 p. m.
GIRL for general housework and cooklns: two
in family. Apply bet. 9 and 12. 1705 Goush st,
FIRST-CLASS operator, finisher, button hole
:. maker and apprentice on vests. 230H Ninth.
WANTED— A first-class waitress at 304 Mason
st. ; wages $8 a week. . - - . -
EXPERIENCED ¦ canners for fruit; steady
work; highest wages. Apply California Can-
naries' Co., 425 Brannan st.
WANTED immediately, women and girls to,
work on fruit; steady work; highest wages
paid. • California Canneries Co.. 425 Bran-
nnn st. ¦ -
WANTED— Women nnd girls to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at FON-
TANA RRANCH. Culti'ornln Fruit CannersV
Axsoclatlon, corner Francisco' and Taylor sta.
WOMEN and fitrls wnnted to work on fruit;
steady work at good wages. Apply at CUT-
,TINO BRANCH. California Fruit Canners*
Association, corner Seventh and Berry ats.
WANTED— Experienced operator on women's
wrappers; steady work; electric power; good
pay. MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
EXPERIENCED hands and apprentices on
men's neckwear: steady work; best pay. L.
SAMTER & SON. 518 Market st. ,
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker ( wanted.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO., 541 Market st.
APPRENTICES on vests; paid while learning.
BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541 . Market^ St.
GOOD girl wanted" In bindery. MYSELL-ROL-
;LINS CO.. 22 Clay at. y
WANTED— Woman of ability; able to direct
I front ten to twenty employes. Box 3713, Call.
GIRLS and women wanted. Lone Syrup Re-
fining Co.. Eighth and Brannan sts. v *
APPRENTICES for ladles' tailoring; paid
while learning: steady. 819 Post st. .
WANTED — Young girl "for general housework;
.wages $15. 2712 Foleom st.
GERMAN girl wanted to ' do general house-
• . work. -. 2109 Taylor at. . ¦ ¦ - : .
LADY for housekeeping: take care of 2 chil-
dren. 1S?4 Moss St.. MRS. WILSON.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
v received at Call branch office, 2200 Fill more st.
A BRANCH office for Cnll advertisements and
subscriptions has been- established j*t 1098
¦ Valencia st. . . '
H__I» WANTKD— IUALU.
A— MURRAY & READY........ Jt'hone Main 6848
, Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
, Office open 7 a. in.
C000 R, R. men wanted Free. Fare
Los Angeles ¦
' S. P. R, R. Co.'a own work
Santa Barbara
Uktah
,. Cal. & NW. R. R....'.
Uklah
Santa F« R. ,R ;:
. 73 teamstera, Uklah '...tree fare
100 laborers, Uklah .->.. $1 day
r.o itoel, track nnd ballast men, UUIah; car*
lond laborers, 8. P. R. R. Co.'s work, $1 73
day: 150 laborers, all dlv., San Fe, free fare
FREE FARE FREE FARE
....Ship Free. Morning. Noon and Night....
MECHANICAL HELP
Wheolwrlcht. $2 60 dny: woodworker, small
country shop, $50 and round; spool tender, $43
. and found, ce« boss here; bolt and rivet
maker, $3 dny; rough carpenter, mining com-
pany, $75; harness maker, camp near city,
$35 and found; gang eda-erman; blnckumlth
and* helber. same ranch, $13 and $30 nnd
, found; blacksmith, country shop; 3 day; 7
blacksmiths und shoera,- different country
places
MINES LABORERS
10 laborers, nn experience required, for a new
mine, $60; 5 laborers fur a mine, $2 SO fare,
$80: 10 laborers large company, Shasta Co.,
$3 £5 day; 60 laborers to dig dltchea and cut
brush, I}. day, $37 60 and found: 259 laborers,
city and country, $1 75 to $2 5ft flay
BHH RO8H I1KMC SAWMILL WORK
10 laborers tn work In mills, yards and wood*,
no experience necessary, $2« and round, aee
boss hero; 10 laborers fur the woods, $30, see
boas here) S lumhur pllern, $35 ami found)
crosscut nawyeiH) $ men to dear land, ?»•> ana
found) 4 graaert, $3 85 tiny: powder men, $3 23
tlnyi 10 drillers, $3 (»• and $3 S5 day
VAIIM8,..,..... DAIRIES .HARVEST
is farm hands, «tmuiy Jobs, $V« and $34: fl
Uruners. aprlfot trteat S orchard hands, 134
ami $SO| sRykKrtUer. 13 day) rt men tor Ihresht
fir, f.rto fare, $i so iiiiyi us' men, hay nn<t bar*
veat, $1 13 in U« f.i> ttny; H nillUprs, *Ho to|40)'
9 hay Imlers, Jim ton anti $a ttay j 9 pheep
hPrters, 1.5 And $30 j farmer And wife, w«v
jlllt I. ...... KM.. MII...UIH, ,,...,,,,,,.,. *;.H
.............. MIMM-JI.LANM'JUIUS ,,,,,,,,,,,,,.
Driver, wholesale milk reHte, $19 and found;
A men fur iruln wttrehmipg on a t<«rtf« rnneh,
119 and fevmd, steady Jolt; butt'tipr and drive
WRuen, RpRr etty, |M «nd feundi ft warehouse
' Him, |3 day; tetmi«t@rt!, 13 and U d»y; toy*
for peddling WHBiMii turttrtpil iliivpt, inllK
roule. $sni feuntry, $3i) and
fmuidi \w\\ la bottle beeYi ho pviipiIpiioo, $3
day „»,,.,,,»,.,.,.,„,..,., ..,...,.,„...,..„..
Wnfklnff foreman, Rmall rtneh. ne# been here.
..UAKKRH AND MOT13L DjiPAttTMlSNT..
Coek for bonrtlltig'hDUge, larse pfittipany, $50:
4 b.iHftB, niunlry, $111), $oQ ahtl $3tit 3 bftUere'
helpers, $25 and $30! cook and wife, country
hot«l; cnok, email orchard, $23; 7 tancn
cooks; 12 Walter*, city nhd country; porter;
vpeetablemen ana kitchen hands, pte. ........
MURRAY'& RRAUY.. ...... ..634^038 Clay st.
AT C. R. IIANSEN & CO/S 104 Geary st.
Wanted— BOO men for, new R. R. work; team-
sters, laborers, trackmen, gplkers, strappers,
section men, tunnelmen, rockmen, drillers,
hammer men, stonemasons and helpers and
blacksmiths
For S. P. and Santa Fe systems
.....And Cal. and N. \V. Ry at
Uklah
Nevada
Truckee
Bakrrsfield
Coast Road ..;
Chats worth Park
/ t Santa Barbara Division
AVages $1 75 to $4 a day
Free fare...! Ship, to-day..' Free fare
20 laborers, pick and shovel work: for large
electrical company; $2 25 a day; fare paid...."
3 carpenters, country, $3 a day. see boss here;
blacksmith. XI. R. camp. $50 and board; black-
smith. R. R. camp. $2 75 n day; sawmill
hiacksmith. *:i a day; 6 blacksmiths, country,
$2 50 to $3 a day
Edgerman, $50:' plancrman, $30; 10 lumber
pliers, $35; 20 laborers, $26, for country saw-'
mills; 20 laborers for the woods, $30; 20 farm-
ers, milkers, choremen and others..'...... !
........... HOTEL. DEPARTMENT
Chef for large hotel, $230; head, second and
third cooks, country hotel, $170; cook and
helper, country hotel. §80; grillroom cook,
¦ ' hotel, south, . $60 and free fare; second cook,
restaurant, north, $75; .second cooks, fryer*
and broilers, city, $50 to $60; night cook. $33;
second cook, $35. -for railroad camp, free fare.
Shirt polisher, hotel laundry, south, $40 and
half faro paid .... ..".....
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— WANTED: 30 pick and shovel men. $2 a
day, for Mendoclno County, ¦ free fare. Apply
to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 101 Geary st.
AT THE CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY,-
69 'Third St.. phone Bush 403. .
B0 R. R.-laborers, L>. A. and ¦ Santa Barbara
' divisions of-S. P. Co.'s own work
1 ........ $1 73 and $250 per day
SO 'teamsters and laborers, Uklah.. $2 p<»r day
'•.:-,.:. . FREE FARE." j ' .¦ ; v ¦
$1 office fee; no other expense. : .
20 carpenters, country '....$3 c0 per day
,50 Bhovelers, country.... ...... ....$2 25 per;day
'(harvest hands... .- .'......$2 per day
r> men 1 to feed hay press $3 to $4 per aay
10 lumber. pliers.. ....$35 per month and found
Miner for quartz gold mine.:$2 day and board
2 waiters, colored, city.......;.....;.....;......
1 four-horse teamster, steady Job, country..
'......;..' $40 per month and found
3 MEN and ¦ wives for •• ranches and . private
places. $10. $55 and $60: experienced pantry <
: man, $25: sheepherdcr, $25 to $30: milker and
choreman, small dairy, $30; 2 milkers, $30; 2
- men. about place. $i". and $30 to '$33: coach-
man," $35; stableman for milkman. $30: farm-
ers, $30; boys.'to peddle fruit. 73c day, and
others.; J. F. CROSETT & CO., '623 Sacra-
U mento st. ¦ ; ¦:¦¦• • ¦ . .-.* -^
COOK and wife, country hotel, $85;- cooks.
. country hotels, ¦ $40 and $65; -hotel baker, ¦ $40
to $45; second hand bread baker, $11 week;
-boardlnR-houso cook, ,. $40; ¦ handy ¦ man* about
. hotel,. $25 ;hotol waiter, $30; hotel waiter $30;
dishwashers and others.' J. T, CROSETT &
¦ CO., 628 Sacramento st. -•_ ' I ' i
8. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 639 Clay St.—
Teamsters for .city....... $4 E0 day
Carpontert for city. ; -...$3 60 day
BO R.'- R. laborers, Santa Barbara, fre«t fare
CO R,»R. 'laborers, : Santa Fe.... free fare
150 laborem. ¦awmlll.,... ...... ..ahlp Thursday
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 28 Montjromery, room 12,
Chef, $70; eecond cook, $40;. waiter.- country,
$30: frea faro; dishwasher," $30; 2 colored
waiters. $30. : ¦-'-,-< v ¦•
A FIRST-CLASS- meat and pa«try. cnok ¦ for
¦ country." $70; second, same place,' $40; • faros
paid. MRS. M. E. DAY, 335 Geary" St. '
WANTED— Cooks, wnitem, waitresses an>1
'dishwashers;' register at once; - no fee, 127
Ma " on ' st. ¦-¦ ¦' " • *¦ ". .- .'. ¦- • . ....--
JOURNKYMEN Harbera' Inturnatlonal .Union
. - me»>ti to-night, 8:30,' 32 O'Farrell.' I.'Lrwy, Sec.
JOURNEYMEN, narbern" International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market nt..» room 207.'
1 ¦ I.'- LESf , » Secretary ; ' telephone Jessie 1178.
PAINTER" anfl whltener wanted nt 319 purr-
rcro st.; call early. .. ..>..¦
TWO " strong ' boys wanted./ Crescent ? Feather
, Co.. 153 New Montgomery st.
¦ ni'!»T>T.'S5 HIAATF,«i--rm>tlwne(l.
WASTED — An honeet anJ nober partner . with
fJOOO In nn opti<VI business;, must either, be
on optician *«>r be Rb'.e to attend to corre-
mopdlnK etc.; cash receipt^ about $1500 to
JVCfO per month. AdrtreFS GEORGE MA Y-
ERLK. German Espert Optician. 107114 Mar-
ket St.. Iran Francisco. . • •¦ - m
$2iO&— HALK interest in old-established lm-
portlns and nianutacturlng buslnesu; present
partner thonmshly practical; only on« fa-
miliar with offiet' work need apply: good
reasons for selling: no_agents. Kox 3736. Call^.
$35oHGROCKRY and bar: four nice living rooms
in rear. 2CSS Kclrojiijit. __________
rtKSTAlTRANT ItT'riburon; cheaj) rent. MRS.
; I^. L1N1). Tlburon. j ___: '.
SALOON f< r Vale Ch«au or t»Tte a partner. 610
(.Vnnne-rclal i"t., . near Kearny. .
FINELY MinlonedTestsurant, connate; Tost,
nenr Unnt ave. Apply 1057 Market st ; _.
DBUCACY store: must be sold or _tven away;
S living rooms: rent $1S. 635 Vwlcncla at.
FOR SALK-Branch bakery cheap; Kood paying
" t'lwce. ?SS Hayes hi. ; :
KOR SAI-E— Half Interest In blacksmith rhop.
441X1 Mlwlon »t.
LOUGINU-HOUSKS KOlt »^^' E '
HOTEL AND BAR
70 rooms, fine country town
Clears $250; _ price »S00. D1SCKBR. 1020 M»rkt.
H i0M' Market st.'." opp.' " Fifth.' ' Te'lV 'Mint" 7S6."
«G Years In" Business .In This City
Offers for Sale and Exchange.. .V......
100 rcomlnR-houses. 10 to E00 rms, toO to ?«.$$<>
160 lodging-houses, 6 to 600 rms., $100 to. 20,000
40 fiats. S to 12 rooms. $S0 to..... a 750
M private homes. 6 to 25 rooms, $90 to... 2.OC0
•31 boardlns-housen. 10 to 100 rnjs.. $350 to 10,000
SO hotels 40 to SCO rooms, $1000 to 8.0.0
40 Grocery stores. «00 to.. 6.00C
CO candy stores. $300 to 6.000
40 saloons. $400 to 6.000
10 cigar Etores, $300 to _• J.OJQ
SCO other buslneupes, all kinds. $100 to.. 20.COO
100 vacant lets, $25 to .S 1 ???
75 houses and lots, everywhere. ($600 to.. 60,000
S chicken ranches, $400 to.. l.<oo
00 ranches, everywhere. $300 to 14,000
! ..To Buy.. Sell or ExchanRe Anything Call..
| I can suit you. H. C DECKER. 10M Market.
A. CAMERON & CO..
800 Market M. and 8 Stockton st. _
Rooms 21. 22 and 2S. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell llxt with us. We have cash customers
for all Fixes and prices. See list of bargains:
60 r.: rent JSOO: fine family hotel »N>00
S4 r.; cor.; rent $110; pood fur. and carp.. 2500
i:» r.: rent 5110; residence, good, clrs. $100.. 1900
i Money loaned on deferred payments; 1V4 P. «J
TO r.rrent $75; new carp.: pt. housekpp... 120U
12 r. : rent »W); Al loc: nice home *•»'¦)
1 n r. ; rent $S5: downtown; rur. & car. ltd... «o0
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
ATTENTION Lodging-house' Keepers— 22 all
llarht rooms, corner Pacific' and Powell; nuit-
able Improvement for permanent tenant:
house being thoroughly painted and papered,
etc.; can be arranged for housekeeping; rent
cheap. Apply R. M'COLCJAN, !< Montgom-
ery st.. room 3.
FlSHnR & CO.. 935 Market st.....
An elegant U-room house; oak furniture;
A beautlfui'home'onVan Ness; 14 boarders;
large Income: $1100
A 40-room house, richly furnished, clearing
$100 per month; In the exclusive, residential
center; cost $9000: now tTCCQ. v
MARION ORIKFIN, 719 Market, the real estate
hi— nt.— Money to loan— payable monthly or .
yearlv; no charge when you list your houv«t !
with "me; call at office for lint: here are some
mmples; 2! room*, rent $25. dears UW, siiati,
$so«: 40 rooms, central, ivnt $100. nee this house ;
$1POO; 16 rms.. rent $50. I block Mkt.. $6.iO: 14
rooms,- rent $30, housekeeping, no work. $300. I
ATTENTION. UUYKRBI '
You may buy any roomlnu-houit In
the city and pay for It
in monthly payments
from the rronta
» of the houso.
Vacant houses furntshed.
DON'ALP IXVliSTMKNT CO., S50 Market.
Winston & wolf, io;« Market «t
Telephone Jessln KU.. ............
!i rooms; rent $!5; neur Market $!>0fl
25 rooms; rent $75; N. of Market 1S50 •
IS rooms; cheap rents; reduced to..,, , 14011
U rooms; rent 150; clears $50.,, ,,.,. £00
go rooms; Third St.; rent tau..,,,..,.; :...... ».'«i
N, J. McIHUnV* CO,,
101- Miul>e;l tt., opp, Fifth,
(A-rnom house ,,,,,,,,,,,,.<.i<i<<in<<<<<it<<l2f<oa
;&*room house ,,,, ,,,,,,,,.,,........,. 4<w
7-rniiin hiiutr; rent $!5 ,,,..,,.,,..., i .....> °w
1'rlvat e house, a rooms .,.,,, ,.,,,,., 800
pr.LKCT your hameV from the Urgent \W\ In
luwn— UiioniinK housei and ttott-u, from Iihi
to $5Q,fHiO; hundred* lo chonpe from, WALTKH
UAYKN ft- CO,, MM Market *\,
TTTf3 Jargeit anT"»ie7Mlst eMfttliJnH.ho«pe»
m«u e«n he fovinfl «t effle? at
Q, \V, SOHWinNUAHVJ, plmne NlnMMl,
Nc. MT Market el. <near Klfth *»t,>«
iTf,6=l/iRaiNU«HOlW3i n«sp Merk^t Pt*. j new,
BMid furnltuff. 'MeliAUQtlhlN * CO.. T«»fc
M ai-ltgt it, _
$3 w^Lonfll NO -110 L'PJB, 10 reeniiT" furnished.
MOt Ml^liin tt.
SlMtllTUALISM.
COMB sh* iee C. V. Miller's wonderful i»ttnee»t
nun., TUee,, lit., I p.m., o<V; you can tpeatt
to jiour*plrit frlehds face to faec end veoo**
tiise thPin; ttlVe HHtnrp; lmti received me. lain
from many countries; taken lni>t world's
record medal Bt I'm lo Fair. 1084 Hush; tel.
J2T5Larkln st. : '
MRS. .T. J7 WHITNEY—
Trance, business medium: life reader; exam*
Ines ore: oil locations: medical clnlrvoyant:
treats, cures skk: cancer removed without
use of knife. 11C4 O'Farrell. nr. Oough; ISllls-
st. car: Bit. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 21B1. .
j RFSITMEU businesn— MRS. DR. PARNHAM,
the world-renowned pplrltual medium: advice
In all affairs nf life; lawsuits*, divorces,
deaths; unites the separated: mining a spe-
cialty; circles Sun.. Wed.. Frl. eve.; letteis
answered. Residence (no signs) 38 McAllister.
CHAS. BROCK WAY. 2.ic; special proof, posi-
tive test peance to-night (Monday); full
names and questions answered; readtngs
daliy. 2S9 Hyde et.. corner Eddy.
LAST developing circle to-night; llchts. slate-
writing, etc.; come. ARNOLD UICKSON,
14S Sixth tt. ..
i CHAS. HROCKWAY, 25c aennce Sunday and
I Thursday. 8 p. m.: every one gets a test: pri-
vate readings daily. 239 Hyde St.. cor. Eddy.
JOHN SLATF.R— Circles. 2Se. ; Sun.. Mon., Frl.
I eves, 8:ir.: Wed. aft.. !:45; sit. 10 to 4 excent
j Sat. and Sun.' 1809 Stockton, near Greenwich.
j MRS. LESTER. 148 Sixth, room 12; circle to-
nlght. 10c; reliable business readings, 50c & $1.
MRS. HUBBARD. 103 OaU: clr. Tucs.. Frl.. 8
p.m.; Wed.. 2:30 p.m., 10c; readings daliy, 50c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
! Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-nlght,10c.
EDWARD KARL.E. 328 Kills— Readings daily;
soance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
mm~eT~m7~bernard] ~~~~~ "
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate dc-
Bcriptlon of the past." r*veals the present. hap-
penings and portrays events. to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life; or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect eatlsf action guaranteed. .
KNOW YOUR FUTURE. ' ' I
-Mme. Montague, clairvoyant and • palmist,
Klv«« advice In all 'affairs of life; gives names,
fact*, figure*.' with full predictions In all love
affairs: not one 1 failure; letters answered. 116
Turk «t.. flat 1. ". .¦-*...:: ".".'
MRS. DR. F. 1 CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanentlv located -at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Go!d«n Gate ave., rooms 23 and
2fi; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar- ,
nnteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet
I with special terms. Dally and Sunday. .
A— LINCOLN.* CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the Coast;
he succeeds whrn others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st.; readings by mall.
MMK. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, telln past
and future: never falls; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret: shows picture of future husband
or wife: 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures dlteases by sympathy. 215V4 Sixth St.-
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
dlngnoxey dlseai? with life reading; ladles DOc,,
gents $1; pain), and clalr. sit.. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th; private readings dally, 40 a. m. to B p. m.'
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrolojrlst : horo.
urones cast; lessons given, M)e; hours 11 to 1
and 4 to 6. 143 Plxth St.. room 22.
t;i* to date; Mme. Richards, astrological palm-
ist and reader of human destiny; nerer falls;
':.'.«' and MV, 1203 Mission st.. cor. ftth. _.,
MMIC. LAROKR. br»t clairvoyant, card-reader,
tent medium: 2Jc up. 472 Steveneon St., eor.6tli.
MME. HANSEN. card reader and palmist;
*• past, present, : future ; 25c. 108 ¦ 6th, 2d floor.
MME.WALTEU8. great card reader; mile* "Be;
gents We. af.l Mlcslnn, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
M. WILLE. crystnl sper. clairvoyant.' medium;
slUlnrw, tu.m, to 8 p.m. ; Wo. 215 Leavenworth.:
; CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from LoulBlanii
only IOo. 2*2 Minna tt.. neap- Fourth.' ¦ ,• ;¦*«
MHK. nnoWN. '¦ rlnirvovant.*' oard' reader;
ladlei 2Jc, gents JCc. * 132 Sixth nt.
. jS".- rT-M»',V(>v«vT«_rn««i»Tir'.'' '
Mrs.Mallory.clalrvoyant card reader: when oth-y
¦ «?rg fall tonsult me: L. Kc, G.'50c. P17 Howard.
MRS. rMRLVILL; well-known clairvoyant. water
reader. 11. 3th;German spoken;tel.Howard 1.V46.
MMi:.. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or.no pay: j5o.-lH» Mission. -
MME. SCHAFFKR, clairvoyant, card reader;
, fittings dally. 44SVi Jessie st.. bet, tth and 6th.
MME. RAVENXA r«ad» "life' fluently: buslnesis '
advlre: names given: i5c up..K Fourth rt.'
C.VIt PET HKATJ NO . AX D .- CLKAXING.
UHliN you 'become disgusted with poor work
*end to SPAULDINO'S pioneer Carpet-be»t-
inK Wrrky. S.13-357 Tehanm ft. : tel. South 40.
1U3ATING,, 3c; laying, *Sc: renovatln«r,' 5o up;
work guaranteed., T; R. Co..; phono Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. t*03 Harrison; tel. Mission 283. ;
CONKLIN'S Superior Cnrpot-bcntlnj: Works,
s*3 Golden Gate nve,: telephone East 128.
ADVANCE Carret-<«!eantr.«r Co.. 402 Sutter at.:
tel. Main 3S<. ORO. w A LCOM. Proprietor.,
ClTV.Sfonni Cnrp-t-hentlns; Works.' ¦' O. "' H.
KTEVKNS. Mirr.. SS-40 Sth »t.:tel. RouthJSO.
J. K. MITCHKLL Carpet-beatlrg and Reno-
vating Ca,f -40 Fourteenth M.: <*!.. Mission 'it.
C* HPF.TS oli»an<«d at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Klchth »t. :' tplenhone .Tpsglfr 844. ¦
' CHIROPODISTS, j
INGROWN nulls, bunions, corns, 3 warts, chil-
blains; painless cure." Dr. Duncan. 415 Suttpr.
Strassburger of N. Y.. specialist on feet; di-
ploma T. P.'S. S. N. Y. Chronlclo bldy,. r. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
oi^ol^G^^vrTcELT/rF^^ncT^^oTnTrBTun^
lees successful. Room S10, 9J7' Market st. :
COTTAGES TO, LET.
SUNNY cottape • of 6 rooms and bath. . 182S
Bush 6t. ' ;¦ -• . .; t -
LOVELY eunny cottage, 8. rooms, bath; Ear*
dens; yard. S5 Cumberland, nr. Dolores: $20.
$20— COTTAGP, 3 rooms and bath; -large sunny
yard. 2623 Push st. '
UEXTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. JI27 Market street.
Kmma Spreckels. building. | Reasonable priceH
for palnlees dentistry; puro gold fllllnsr tl 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, loolc natural nnd
. Ruarantoed, { j up; a Kood metal plate $15;
gold and poicclivln crowns $5 to $10; teelu
without- pUte: painless extraction, * .
AT tho KLKCTRb~DKNTAL~CLfNic. SC9' Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm, 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions dano painlessly; teeth
without platen our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 10 up; plates,' extractions free, $1. £6 up; of'
ttoe hours, 9 a. in. to 10 p. m.: Sundays, 9-to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHKR. M. IX, Manage; ¦
EttfHT rriica for bent crowns, plates, bridges
mill fillings: extractions or tUltne* iiy my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 year*'
experience; no students; advice frea; prluca
cheapest and guaranteed: lady . attendant*.
J)U. aiCOKGE W, LiaiSK, SO O'Farrell tt.
A—NEW unbreakable plnte, tho Rose Pearl,
, warrnnted for SO years; crowns, $3 50; fllltnRH.
f>0c: plates, $ii; full set; all work palnlesB and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 54 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dentnl"co., « EiUly Bt.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest mteii. , .
DR. H. O. TRUMAN, dentist. thTrd floor, Ex-
aminer hutldliiR; formerly In Murphy bldg.
1WH1S Dentnl Pnrlors, 13S Kearny, cor. Buih*
Full wt of teeth. $1; crowna. $3; nillngg, i.1o.
LOWliST prlecB In S. K. Painless extraction,
f.0c. X. Y.' Dentists, 080 Mleslon St., uor. 6th.
VAN VROO.M— "PalnlcBB" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market *t., corner Sixth. ' '
BKT of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNO. 1S41 Polk st.
DHTKCTIVR AiaSNUHJ.S.
m rc ATuTtT^ t^Trrr^B^^^uiuTi^TiriesTu
lmate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused, i:mmu Rprockela hulhllng,
riwttns 3-3-?34, Pan Francisco; tel, Bouth 881,
nUKsSMAKUHft AM) SIO.\>H rillCSNIOS
MoDO\vi{Ll/l^«|iiiinuklng'& Millinery Hcjuioi^
Cljn rulen; pauerna cut. 1010 Maiket st,
ACCOUDKON pleatlnai country onium nituupt
atte-ntlon, 1?1 I'mt. over O'Connor fe MoiTalt,
KHiieA'rio\Ai<,
,\ VUIIH 1 Leailtna- Uutlnopi CoUeee, 731 MarUPt—
U per mqnllu 150 life aphnlarMhln Huaranteeti a
eompleie imslui'SH fducaMnn: phnrthHnd.- tyn.
Iiih, I'ookHppplnir, fm'l nrlthmeiio, pem'l law,
I'enmanehlii, t\t>, I p'siterienceil teaehprt»i new
U'l'^wpH^r*} iw»l|lonw Bfpuretlj cajalugue fie?,
U A L LA (1 1 IK RlMAltHH <?ellpffP,'7 < aFr«U SbuT^
Hhei-thaml, typlns. and itnutaUettftlnjfi Holiprt !
r, URllHghfr, exjiprt ee"Ft rppuriei 1 , tpaeher of
ehorthendi rennfterlal flhraptiiB taviahtj prae»
tlgaJL beehk-f pplug, full coui'tn*, I.*); tatHlnffUf,
A=*fni3 LYP18UM, an aeerpiilletl pr^imraTtiFy
pfhaal for the unlvenlty, law ami inwlitml
eellp^s; rffpfrnerg, l^nitUnt .tfminn or any
__H_^ftitfm > g_ lire f psj^h j Mt^l a h^ jniHd 1 m> ..
11001vKKI3l'lNt3, tiis in !<•; ihn title man who |ii»r»
fects bPBthttfct'P. collfiitt Rratluntfi* & bnokkppp»
y* Ii* T,VU«, thf rxitPft, 220 i'tttioit bldg.
: MattnTLL.MlLLlSn CnlleBe-Rhorthnhn, typ.
l!ifr. I'lniti.-nl biviUUprpliiR. Hnnam 40-41 far-
rott uldg.j liiillvliliuil Instruction} uatalnKvn',
KNGlN13tilUNG— Civil. pIpc, nilnltigr.mpch.siir*
Vey ( BBsay, rynnlde! day, pvp. j rst, 18C4, Vnn
<lor Xnlllcn Bchool. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
1 ACTING, ploeutlon, sppcIhUIpr: Hallett BchooT
associated with theatrical npency spcuHiik
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
A FULL oourFe nf Kills bookkppplmr ami the
| Grepg shorthand costs . only $60. San Fran-
| cIsco Business College, 1236 Market st.' j-
'' HKALD'S Huslnpss" College, 24 Post st.. S. F. :
founded 18G3; new 80-page catalogue -free.
High School students— The WeeklyGeomptry Pa-
I pers make home study easy; circulars. 3040 16th.
', PIANO and German; nupll of Lclpslc Ccmserva-
| tory; lessons 75c and $1. 320 Golden Gate ave.'
ARITHMETIC, bookkrepInK. prnmmar, writing,
I etc.: day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission,' nr. 6th.'
i MARY P. Westhaus, piano, mandolin, cultar
i lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 89 Fifth st.
; ELKCTRO-TIIKTtAPECTIC.
Electrlc-ChPmlc medication cures faulty nutrl-
I tlon, nerve, blood and constitutional diseases.
¦ Drs. K. & K.'s KlP.ctrlo Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
j ' ¦_ '¦ EXCHA^GR. ..;..,-¦
HOUSE of 8 rooms, new; modern -improve-
| mpnts; corner lot; on Clinton ave.: $6500. . ..
House of 5 rooms; lot, size 400x140: will ex-
. change for city property: a **>at bargain.
E. D. 'JUDD & CO..
1424 Fark St., Alameda, '.
; EXCHANGE and sales office. 321 Phelan bldg.—
Send particulars of anything you have for ex-
' channre. snle or want; registration: free; genu-
lno oil lands, gold, copper mines, ranches, etc.
E3IPLOYMENT OFFICES.
' JAPAN ESeT anT^hlTiele^helT^T^anTirindir;
, cooks,- waiters and house servants. t<JEO.
! AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE . and Japanese employment office —
I Bost help.- 411V4 O'Farrell St.: tel. East 42B. r.-
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese" employment of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMEyr^WAXTKD—FlJiMALK.
FIRST class laundress and housecleaner wants
work' by the day; $150. MRS. M..B. DAY,
335 Geary at. . * . ¦ '. ;
DANISH second slrl wants position :' first class
i MRS.' M.' K. DAY, • 335 Geary.- st:
'. FIRST 'class colored houseplrl and cook wants
place In-city; ?25. MRS. M. E. DAY, 333
Geary at. ... ¦ • ¦'.¦- ¦'¦¦¦¦ • : : . - ¦ .
A WOMAN with a child wants a position.
,; A first class Swedish : laundress • wants a
position *n private family.
A first class institution cook wants a
position. ' ' ••¦• - ¦¦-¦¦. ;•¦'.-¦¦
• MISS CL'LLEN. 325 Sutter St.
KLDERLY Scotch woman light house-
work; pood cook;. city or country. 13S Fifth
. st., between Howard and MisHlan. '-. - • ,
A YOUNG woman 'wants a position to do cen-
erul- housework and.cooklns In private fam-
" Uy< C " U 2931 ;Plne wt ' ' ' *'" '
FIRST-CLASS American cook desires . situa-
tion; have best -city, references; wages > $30.
- Please call * 639 -Minna .at. r -' ..:¦¦.,
WOMAN wants work 1 , by the day . wnshlnu,
Irnnlns or hounecleanlnff, $lper day and car
faro. .Apply grocery, 300 Fell: »t. -,., .,..-
MIDDLE-AOIED woman as worklnjr housekpr.;
Ist-clacs In every respect. ; 216',4 6th, rm. 16.
WANTED— Hltuatlon.-.to cook ' for : worklnRmcn
or In'nn Institution. Cook, SOI. Stockton int.
YOUNG 1 woman'', wishes 'houseeleanlnR,. by tho
day. $1 and enr' fare. ¦ 1S03 Mlt.slon st.. v .*-- «.'
A LADY, 'competent and obllirlnir. wishes work
by the day; cooklntf or housework. 131 Wlldey
st., bet. Bush and,' Pine, . oft Klllmore,. . ".¦
' DREBBMAKING , done' very ' reasonable ;, also
plain ¦ sowlnjc. >, Ml 1 ,, Leavenworth 'St.;' corner
! O'Farrell.. room '8. , ¦' ' -.'¦ .", ' """,¦, "--;,
YOUNO Oermnn girl j, wishes a ' position "In
i . American 'family doing housework, ¦ 17 T loll Iw.
YOUNO w^manfor Keneral' housework: wagca
- $20. TCOA lluwtmt st., from i to 9 p. m. ¦ *
IA> FR.IKCISCO CAI-L
nCEIXESS OFFICK of The Snn Franci*co
ITU. ccrner of Mrri:et and Th'rd Hreet?: opvn
t!l 12 -'clock every tileht In th« >'« r - '?¦ \
IRAXCH OFriCBS-SJI Montgomery street, j
r;er Clay; open until ?:C0 p. m. . ¦
"0 Hayes ftiect: open until l':S0 p- m.
J9 McAllister street; open until *:S3 p. tn.
15 I-irkln ftrect; epen until >:S0 p. ».
P4I Mission ttr*«t; oi»cn ur.tll 10 p. m.
Jti Market etrcet. corner Sixteenth: open
tJl "J p. m. . * " t ;
'i BUvtnth Mrert; open until 9 p. ra.
C9t Valtad- utrrct; cpen until 9 J>. ». , .
(prthw««t corner Twenty-Second and Ken-
¦K'V Mreuts; o;:en until 9 p. m.
r^O I'lllinoic rtrc<-t: fifn until 3 !>• m.
MEKTIXC8 .XOTICKS. ' ,
5VLl.M~.jf Ooldrn Oate Commantlcry __*•_,
S'o. 1*. K. T.. Cii «.— Kiwolal
mremUiy THIS 1IVKN1NU at 8 ffj]
j'dock. Order -«f Tenu-le. All fra-
ters are courteously invited.
H. I>. LOVKLAND. Em. Com.
THFO. FROUCII. Rroorder.
BAN rmncliKO Chapter No. 1. Royal JV
Arch Masons, mwts THIS HVKNING. y*Jft
IlTp-ees S and 6. . "* ___— .
CKX-1HKNTAL Ixxlre No. H. K. & A. ¦_-
M.-THIS (MONDAY) EVEN1NU. nt J^
TOT o'clock. Third decree. Master 7Lf\
Mr.»ons cordially Invited, ny order
Cf th< G. ANDERSON. Secy.
HERMANN Lod*e No. 13T. F. and A. •
M.— Celled meeting THIS DAT (Mon-
rt»j->. July :». 1901. at 7:50 p. m. De E . 1%J\
1. Uy order of the W. M. '^7*
L.. BCHUMACHER. Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M.. •
III Eddy st., will meet on TUEbDAV, __%.
the SOth. at 1:30 p. m.. to attend the JTX
•funeral of our Icte brother. JAMEs 'V
McOEORGE.> Master Masons are Invited.
GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
PACKERS'. Porters' and Warehousemen's Pro-
tective Union No. fcSSS— Members are hereby
notified that a summons meeting will be held
THIS EVENING at 8 o'clock at California
Hall CIO Butih et..'near Powell, firing your
due cards. KOBT. J. LOUGHERV.
Business Agent.
ANNUAL meettnit.-ReKUlar annual meeting of
tfce ttoekholders ot the Spreckels Sugar Co.
will be held at tlie oilier of the company, 327
Market H.. Htn Kranctsco. on MONDAY, the
»:h day cf July, at the hour of 11 a. m.. for
the r-urpce ol el^ctlnt a board of directors
to «erve for the er.»ulnc >«cr and the trans-
action of *uch ether bu»lnec* as may vomo
before the meetinr. The transfer books will
clot* on Friday. July ?<•. IfCI. at 3. p. tn.
TV. H. HANNAH. Secretary.
ANNUAL mmlng—Tho Ri«don Iron and Loco-
motive Workt-The annual meeilnp ot. the
stockholders of the Rlrdon Iron and Locomo-
tive Works for the election of trustees for th«
ensuing year and the transaction of such
flther buslneefs as may be brought before lh«
meeting will be hrl.1 at the office, of the com-
pany, southeast corr.er of Beale and Howard
»t*.. San KrxnriF"). on MONDAY, the Sth
Oar or Auguvt, 19U1. at 11 o'clock a. m.
L,. R. Mi; AD. Secretary.
REBEL Cork nenevolent Amoclation— Th*
rbove atsorlatlon will hold It* recular annual
jlcnlc on Pl'NDAT. Aucuvt 4, 1MI. at Shell
M»>un<" Park. Berkrley. \>ry valuable sat#
1 rum are to be riven, including a Domestic
n wine machine.
AGUVTS \VA>'T1SD.
1TRMANENT position awaits a rood aalrs-
tnan; must earn more than $100 per month:
an ejt-«chool tcarher. Insurance, typewriter
or book salesman preferred. Paelflo Ntws-
raider tTnlon. «T Market St.. g. H.
ADOI'TIOX.
INFANTS adopted Into pood homes. MRS.
nn. FUKKK KID Eighth >t.. Alameda.
ASlMIAI/niM UOOFIXQ.
3. ITLTIKU. arphalt roofing, sidewalks re*
paired: r»ustal. lisa Ml»»lon: tel. Kolsom 1607.
ATTOnXUVS AT I..UV,
ADV2CB frecidlvorcta prtvate;bai,kruptcy; col- j
lection* attachments; mortirages; bills of rale; j
1'Kitm t>iiii«.>ii -rilr.; \\ ill- drawn;fees low;open i
«-v«'s. THi'RMTQN. 10(18(4 Mkt., r, 4. op, Sth. j
AUVlt'i: ficc; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without sucoenv; collection!. G, W.
HO\vn. a<ty wt law, tsa Market. eor.Btockton,
ADV1CR free; no charg* unleca succeeiful. ,'.
fl. KVANH, H Mf Aliuter M., rwrns ti'ti..
AUVlt'i: free; nn ehavfa unleM vupcesiful, W,
W, UAVllKidN w» Market tt,, opp. Mb*oh,
I. 3, CUARKrKnTma^prifkelP t«W».. »!T M«r«
k»t »t,i con»Mltation fr*»; n« fees In «dv«ne«>.
A WKKK'H nVwa for 6 f in«»-Thr\Veehly CslT
U t*k**. in wriiiM'er. for mailing, $1 ix=r year,
HOOK*— XHW AND OLD.
UQAitniNu 1'oit t'liii/.mux. •
A NVlDoW (Qernui wouid*Tihe~a">-eung
child m I. oi.\ to !•¦ old; fl e.umI hmiip ehd H
mother* care. MltK. ttlCHTIilt, Wt Third
»'f.. ttkhmohd.
N
LADY wUhet S or 3 . Illicit rn; afes 1 to < yatr;
<jx»od home. llo* I2&8, Call office, Oakland.
A GERMAN lady withes children to board day,
•week or month; Funny yard. 43» Minna et.
WANTED— A boy about 6 years old to take
care or: will give him a good home; term*
reasonable. Address 10124 York St. '
MERKELET lady would board children; fresh
cow; near school. 213 Prince St., Ashby j
Matlon Berkeley. ' . .i. • ' j
TWO or throe children to board: rood home j
nnd mother's care; $10 up; sunny yard. 1W7
California tt.
IHSINESS CUAACS9.
A-$S50— BARROO^r"on^M^rl^t^r."cio8e*to*
•Chronicle; dally receipts from $33 to $35; rent
*H»; a rood business. Inquire R. \V. WILKE
?t\k Kearny st. - ,'
A— $600: SALOON, established many years In
choicest business part of this city: low rent;
.investigate at once and you will find a first-
class paying business. Call R. G. WILKE. |
C6H Kearny st.
A— $1000: General merchandise' store, with
coal and hay yerd. across the bay: estab-
lished many years and doing a .splendid bust- !
ness. Call R. G. WILKE, 26«i Kearny st. !
A— $900: SALOON, with 4 furnished rooms, 4th
and Mark' i et*.; net rent S22; rare chance:
bargain. Call R. G. WILKE. 2S>4 Kearny Bt.
A— $1500: COFFEE paloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market ft. ; dally receipts from ;
$30 up; clearing abcut *4:K) p*r month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26Vs Kearny st.
A— JITJO; CORNER transfer saloon In the very
btet location; established 10 years; rent $10;
death in fi.iv.ily cauuc of sale and a great sac-
rlflce. 8ee R. G. WILKE. 3SH Kearny st. ,
A— JJ50(f: FIRST-CLASS in prices and Hrst-class
paying restaurant close to Chronicle building;
come. Investigate and you will find a splen-
did Investment. Call R. G. WILKE, 2$\i
Kearny rt. -. : ¦
CANDY More; C rooms; rent $15 1100
'"andy store $400
Saloon '. $550
i-alocr. and procery store..
Rostaurant and chophouse $203
To buy, ««H. exchanee anything we can
suit you. r
M. J. McBRIDE & CO..
_m 6 _ 1Ia . rket st., opposite Fifth.
JSO— CORNER iak.cn: s<x>d paying buslnehs;
trial Blvcn. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 7n'4
Market Et.
$2.".00— SALOON and lodging-house; best busi-
ness on Ui* c!ty front. McLAL'GHLIN &
CO.. 777U Market St.; established SI years.
l«0 CIGAR stanJs. 200 candy stores, 300 croce-
rles and I ar«, 400 ea loons, ico bakeries, COO
rtorcs if nil kindti; hundreds of businesses ta
chooee: from: call la and see what we can
: cnVr. WALTKH HAYFS & CO.. WS Market.
CHANCE to 1 acquire the best located candy
and ice cream parlors In the city; the owner
must leave the State immediately; will take
l-.nlf Ita value. Business Board Trade 3"6
Pine «t. • „. c •_
JW^-RESTAURAXT; beet location city front-
advertiser No. 1 cof.k. and prefers partner to
.help. Rooms 4 and 5, 223 Kearny st.
A— PRINTING buffinefu;; lance tmnslent trade-
fSOO. W. MITCHELU-1SC6 Market et.
$luO-X'AHT.\'ER as»cathler;"rtstaurant clears
$2f)Q month. Apply rms. 4 and 5. 82J KeRrny.
HOTEL— U> rooms; newly furnlnhcd; prosperous
interior city; commercial |-utronce<>: rent (145
Furth«^ particulars- of the Hallway Hand-
Book Publishing Co.. M Montgomery st.
OLD eiUblUhod KuKtrru poultry supply plant
with hut- 1 in «» in every Ktate. Addresa
"Poultry." r*x>m m. Winchester Hotel, city,
IXiR sale at a wicrlflce— Candy and Ice cream
parlor, manufacturing tools, , etc., rverythlns
ccmplrtc. _A «ldre»« lwx S7»._ Call omce.
<:',:?: and locksmith bu»lner* mih! buildings for
xale. Addrcrs S. F. Call Agent. Santa Crus.
W)H 8ALE-A bargain: a 'small restaurant
with 3) nn«riy boarders; can rent I living
rooms, rurnlvbed. 'Apply at K2» Howard «t.
WANTED for ruh on nhort notlre— Groceries,
hsrdware. merchandise. i> McAlllner. r. 16.
G^»OI> raylnp re»taurnnt nnd "¦ l«djflng-hou»c:
21 miles from city.- Address box 3S48. Call. •
$1JWV— A CbII t\Koncy !n a city near San Fran-
cl:co. i;<;x "7C3, Call offlco.HOTEL ABBIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
H F "Elliot. Sacramnto
H R Elliot, Sacramnto
G H Falrchlld. Nev
G M Hall, Marysvllle
Wm Bryan, Conn
W Pike, t Fresno
W R Mymma, Cal . • •
G A Smith, Iowa
W- H Butler, Fresno
Mr & Mrs Mead, L An
G H Lowell, Romeo
W B Demeny, L Ang
Mrs L A Osborne, L A
H O'H Cambell, L An
H C Osborne," L Ang
R Nlblock. Plttsburg
J H Boyd, Cal
Mrs Colt. Cal ,
Miss Colt, Cal
J R.'Pridle. Eclipse
J J Stephen, Cal ,
B W Kernan, La .
W K Dart, La
C-B- Tall,. Chicago. ...
C A Long, Honolulu
P. B Deming, Auburn
C H Wilkins,' Chicago
C AV Memfell; Corina
G H Thompson,- Cal
F Eumemlln,' S Diego
J D Jeffries. S Diego
H C Meyer, S Diego
L J Overlook, Ariz
O A Beadles, Miss
W J Egloff. Mason Cty
Clara Resslng. Ind
W R Kellogg & w,N Y
N W Hamilton & w
Seattle
Mrs M W. Freeman,
Los Angeles ' -
HA Greene. Cal .
L A Duryea & w, la
E A*DeHaven, 111
Miss Antonia, L Ang
G L Walker, Boston
W, N Smith. Boston .
R Sanderson, Tex '
C H Burden, . Sonora
P L Blodget, Cal
EE Smith. Cal
H H Austin.' Stockton
G E Russe. Kan City
Miss' Jennings; Ohlo 1 .-
F E Wickers, Cal
Miss Page. England
C Linder, • Jacksonville
G W Games. Phila • '
J W Montgomery, 111
J W Mansfield. P Alto
T-W McAullffe,. Sacto
C Truax, Chicago
J E Clinton, Utah
H J Glaspell. Chicago
Miss L Nelson. Sacto
A H Friend, Chicago
H Wright. Ohio
R P Qulnn. Watsnville
J B Selander, Chicago
Mrs M H Tyler. Cal
Miss Hubbs, Cal
L E Fearlburg, Cal
L B Irwin,- S Dakota
M G Egloff; Iowa. -
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs F A Wentworth,
Los Angeles -\ • ¦
H "W Bishop & w. Pa
G W Kellog & w, Cal
H ¦ A Francis,^ Mass
M H Wood, > Mass
M F Wood, Mass
S J Wolfe. Watsonvllle
J M Leszynskl. NY
W J Payne, Richmond
P W Lineberger.iIU..
C H Suther, Denver
T S Dickinson. NY
M S Gardiner. N Y
S L Brittin, NY
A A Alvord, N Y
M M Dlnkelspiel, Sacto
F H Metcalf , Sacto
H B Hoveland. Duluth
B F Brooks, Cal
G F King, N Y '
W A Rhodes, Ohio
N J Weaver; London-'
Miss L McGiff. LeAnst
D J Esmond, Los Ang
Dr R • V . Cooper & . w,
Denver *
P W Morse, Watsonvlll
L S Hirsch,* San Jose
Mrs MB May. Salt Lk
R A Harrison, Nev
J Gibson, Iowa'
C F.Manollne, USA
FLLarkin, U S A
I Hawkins, U S A ... »
Dr' P P Strong- & w,
U S Army
S D Sturgis, USA.
F H Buck & fm, Cal
S Watterson, Pa '. ' -
Mrs L Milton; Haywds
Miss N Van Ness. Cal
Mrs A G Stokes, Ls An
G C Foy & w," Chicago
G W Lubke & w. Mo
Mai Irons & w. U S A
Col m Greanleaf & w,
U S Army
L F Scott, Los Ang
T Elchenfeldt, Mexico:
R Graham, Los Ang
J W Roberts & w, Cal
P Myers & w. N Zeald
F H Clarke, Chicago,
S W Traylor, Denver
A E Waters. Md"
C L Lane, Md
J D Ireland. N Y
G de Mercedo, N T
P L Shuman, Chicago
J O Lonsdale. Ark
C D Graves, Ark .
W O McClellan. Phila
L Graham. San Jose
Miss E C Phillips. N Y
W L White. London
I NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
A. Brincane, Etna '
K WussenburKer. Ohio
L A Brown, Michigan
J M Atherton, Seattle
H H Schuyler & w,
Victoria, B C .
R Galfor. Crockett
J F Hitchcock, Cal
J Mcllugh & son, Cal
A Brlncard, Etna
Mrs T M Brown, Cal
G Hotcomb, Keswlck
N M Neilson. S Pedro
J Miller, Los Ang '
Q Lorelty, Nebraska
•B-I*. Kennedy, Cal'
M 8 Condokir, Mexico
A McFarlane. Napa
J F Hitchcock, Cal
C Klngwell, Los Ang
; '• - 8 AN FRANCISCO. July 28—5 p. m.
1 The • following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 06; Independence, 100; Red Bluff, 100;
Fresno, ' 104 ; Los Angeles. T8 ; Sacramento, 88 ;
Ban Luis Oblspp, 74; Sari blego. 70. r ;>',*;
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
57; minimum, 50; mean, 54.
(120th Merldlan-Paclflc Time.)
Weather Report.
THE COAST '.RECORD.
Temperature at 7 ai m., B2. . ¦ . t - ~ "¦ ¦' ~~. ¦
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST. - - — v . ¦
Fair, weather rwevails over. the Pacific slope
except cloudy and threatening over Arizona and
Southern Utah and foggy along the Northern
California coast. . Light rain fell in Southern
Utah and heavy rain In Northern Arizona' dur
ing the day. A (thunderstorm Is reported from
Modena. ¦--. . ¦; '¦¦¦¦. - ' " • '"¦'•' : . .
H The pressure has risen over the eountry west
of the Rocky Mountains except «. fall In > Wash
ington. ¦.>.«_-,.. ¦-¦¦¦¦¦¦".;'- ¦¦¦ ¦ ' : ¦'¦¦'--¦. - ¦¦¦-¦•¦
-Tlje i temperature has . risen over Oregon ¦ and
Washington and remained nearly stationary In
other districts.* In the great valleys of Cali
fornia ' th« i temperature ¦ Is slightly above" the
normal. .•¦-.. ¦•.¦.-/.¦, ,.;- ..........
•'• Forecast made •, at San : Franeipco ' for 'thirty
hours ending midnight July 29, 1901: . . v -„ ¦ ..
-" Northern . Calif ornla— Fair '. Monday : except
cloudy and foggy, along the coast;, fresh'.south
west ¦.wind: - - %¦ -•- . •• ¦ ¦¦" ".'¦:,.: : '. ~
'¦' BQUtliern^ California — Fair Monday except
i foggy along.: the ; coast : In .the morning;, light
west wind.-. •/ ¦•'¦ .• ..>' " -":¦" ¦'¦•'-' *¦'¦?- --.-¦".-'.
Nevada— Fair Monday; light northwest wind.
":• San ' Francisco and viclnty— Generally cloudy
with fog-Monday^ fresh southwest wind. .
SPECIAL FRUIT 8KRVICE.
Local. Forecast Offlclal.
- San ' Jo»o — Foggy In the early morning ; wincj
north; weather. continues favorable for fruit.;:
. Napa^leAr; wind south;' temperature below
the normal; fruit ripening ' "lowly. -^ ¦?_ _ .
• ., v, ' , G. H. WILLSON.
THE SAN FBA^OISCO CALL; MONDAY, JULY 29, 1901.
9
STATIONS.
* o :
A
a
Sj 3g <%
•: 3 •: 3 S 3
: '\ :' :
flfM
Astoria :'. £9.80 TO ¦ 52 Vv" -Clear
Baker .....'....¦....29.82 78-48 NW • Clear ¦
Car3on 29.74 "80 . 56 W Clear
Eureka ......... ..29.88 66 50 NW Cloudy
Fresno ..:......... 29. 60 104 '. 68 NAV Clear
Flagstaff .........29.86 82 56 W Cloudy
Poeatello. Idaho.. 29. 66 9) 66 .W ' -. Clear ¦
Independence ....29.54 100 72 SE Ciear"-
Los Angeles ....:.29.74 76 60 .W / Clear '
Phoenix.- .-.'.'.. ¦.¦.:.'.».56 102 78 SE Cloudy
Portland ...... ..V. £9.80 83 '52 NW Clear ¦
Red Bluff ..... 29.60 100 68 S Clear ;
Roseburgr ~ ....29.7S 86 ' 48 N . Clear .
Sacramento- ......29.68. 88 54 S-W Clear
Salt Ijike 29.66>94,66 N Clear
S»n Francisco "... 23. 78 56 50 W Cloudy
San Jails' Oblspo.. 29.80 74 53 ,W • dear ¦
San Diego ........29.76 70 64^ NW Cloudy
Seattle ..;...>;. 28.88 78 50 NW Clear -
Spokane ...... 29.88 S3.'48.NE Clear '
Neah Pay 29.MS8 46 W Clear
Walla Walla .....29.80 S8 54 NE . Clear
Wlnnemucca .; ..29.64 P2 58 NW Clear .
Yuma .............29.56 103 78 S ¦ r ' Clear
e
. - e
0
0
5 o
:st
o
o
¦-. 0-
«
¦'v- 0 .:
; 0
N 0 °
0
0
• o.
,0
' 0
0
¦'-• 0-
- 0
'•¦ 0:
0
STATIONS.
* o :
A
a
Sj 3g <%
•: 3 •: 3 S 3
: '\ :' :
flfM
Astoria :'. £9.80 TO ¦ 52 Vv" -Clear
Baker .....'....¦....29.82 78-48 NW • Clear ¦
Car3on 29.74 "80 . 56 W Clear
Eureka ......... ..29.88 66 50 NW Cloudy
Fresno ..:......... 29. 60 104 '. 68 NAV Clear
Flagstaff .........29.86 82 56 W Cloudy
Poeatello. Idaho.. 29. 66 9) 66 .W ' -. Clear ¦
Independence ....29.54 100 72 SE Ciear"-
Los Angeles ....:.29.74 76 60 .W / Clear '
Phoenix.- .-.'.'.. ¦.¦.:.'.».56 102 78 SE Cloudy
Portland ...... ..V. £9.80 83 '52 NW Clear ¦
Red Bluff ..... 29.60 100 68 S Clear ;
Roseburgr ~ ....29.7S 86 ' 48 N . Clear .
Sacramento- ......29.68. 88 54 S-W Clear
Salt Ijike 29.66>94,66 N Clear
S»n Francisco "... 23. 78 56 50 W Cloudy
San Jails' Oblspo.. 29.80 74 53 ,W • dear ¦
San Diego ........29.76 70 64^ NW Cloudy
Seattle ..;...>;. 28.88 78 50 NW Clear -
Spokane ...... 29.88 S3.'48.NE Clear '
Neah Pay 29.MS8 46 W Clear
Walla Walla .....29.80 S8 54 NE . Clear
Wlnnemucca .; ..29.64 P2 58 NW Clear .
Yuma .............29.56 103 78 S ¦ r ' Clear
e
. - e
0
0
5 o
:st
o
o
¦-. 0-
«
¦'v- 0 .:
; 0
N 0 °
0
0
• o.
,0
' 0
0
¦'-• 0-
- 0
'•¦ 0:
0
MUSICAL IKSTRUMEXTS— Con.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAT
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Stelnway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos, $6 per
month: some food pianos sold for S3. $4 and
JS per month. SHERMAN, CLAT & CO..
Bteintoray dealers, corner Keuur and Butter
*u.v San Francisco; corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland. .
A FURPRISE await* all who are Interested in
the *elf-playlns piano; the Cecillan Is the lat-
opt and bept: you are Invited to our daily
concert*. BYRON MAUZT, SOI Post st.,
X'nlnn square, sole affonta Eohmer & Co..
Byron Mauzy, Gabler, Lester. Hamilton and
Fptciman pianos.
A LIST of flne ewond-hand rtanralns— 1 Emer-'
*f>n. 1 Halict & Davis, 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz, 1
Fterlln*. 175. 5115, $143. etc.; easy payments.
PKNJ CUItTAZ & PON. 16 O'Farrrtl «..
Chirkcrini;. Vow. Bterllna* Ag<-ncy; also
Apollo, klntr of twlf-playgf. - •¦-•¦'
ANT make at lowest prices. Agency famous
Haljet-Davi*. Itarcaln list $M up; uprights;
Mahocsny Klsrhrr. $9J; Btelnway, tlSJ;
Chlckcrlnjr. »if>.'.: :*> <rthrr»: rents 12 up. •
HBIN'E rtANO PP.. 217 Oeary «t.
JAR. KEEFFE'S plsno wsrrrooms now prrma.
nently loratrd nt V. Turk st.. near Junction
Maiton. Markrt and Turk: larcest In dty.
AMOnOBS rli>onln«-out ™1<« of storaifa planea
lit your own r>rloe; «S in«t«llments: no renM-vc.
WILSON'S PTOnAGK CO.. 17M Market lit.
r^WNWAY.'VT'Kirnnrtrnttn. tlOO; HfRsnt rrw
pianos. tlM up. W. C. Hamilton. < Flood Mdg.
TTATinAIN-^rin«ra^r«'«l uprlsht; al" standard
-•¦qua re; pianos guarantrrd. <'all 18 Itwrtlftt. ,
FINE S-iiMJiTuprlRhl rl«no; rnunt wrrincpit
tK-fnr* Tlmmdsy: iesvlng city. M9 Hddy ft.
flTKINWAY. rhJrVrrlnB other upriichts to clo«o
«-ftnte. V\crr»'» Piano Fnttory. M.irket St Hlh^
fTrX*nfiNTRT flnt uprUrtit piano: h fpw left.
prOTT-CfltTAZ PIANO CO.. t.60 Hayrs ft.
Conn Mwnnd-hand tiprlnht for »al« cheap.
RCHMITZ, 1G McAllister rU
A KPLlWDHi Ptrinway; uprlrht*. »100; pianos
rrntod 12 upward. Dflt'ENN, 20* Post at.
A LAIton lot of »e<-nn<1-riani1 tinrirht pianos
Tor talc rbrnp. HORNtTXO'B. 216 McAllister.
A F1NH urrljht piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
Aillgtrr et. ¦
Ft'PKIlIon violins, r.lthrr*. old and new. II.
MVU.KK. iriaktr. rppnlrpr. ? Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORKS TO LET.
CORNER #tor.e: llvlnsr rooms; fitted up' for
procery Hnrt bar: cheap to business man.
HOOKER & LENT. 14 Port.
LIGHT, rheerftl offlce*: SIS and 329. Emm*
OIL.
FOR s=ale— A lease on proven territory adjoln-
Jnir the San Joaquin Co. 4*4 Parrott bldg.
OIL tanks, second hand, in good order: all
risen: rhfap. H. S. W'HTTF. S1« Ml«slnn «t.
PAJ\TEHS AM> DECORATORS.
ROOMS -J-iaper«l from tt 59 up; tinting; done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 313 3.1 st.; tel. Red 3521.
rALMISTRV.
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face j
readiriK; lo«sons triven. €17 Jones et. '
MME. GEKMAINE. the business palmist pf :
the Paoiflo Ooart; 1 to ». 906 Market »t.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. scientific palmist. 51S
Taylor ex.. bet. Grery and Pcsf; tel. Black 561.
PERSOVALS.
TV ANTE1 >^- Experienced manager for special
branrh rf our business extending over Cpast
and Hawaiian Islands. If mutually agreeable
party may purchase one-half Interest of this
branch. Ptate experience, ability, age, «tc.
A. B.. B"x STT.6 Call office.
A— IF your hair I? fallinir or you are bald, call
on FK. <! S. MOORE. 488 Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively piiaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts r\ f L the world: call or send for circular. ._
f 17 ?o— FOLin oak bedroom set; plate mirror,
fl— Solid oak chair: factory price.
J2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1329.
Searcy'! Credit House, XtZi Mission, nr. 10th.
ELBCTEIC light in ever>- room— Winchester '
Jlotf-1. 44 Third ft. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c tn $1 50 per night; $1 50 to J6 p*r week;
ire" 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
11 AVETKLY — Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. U5 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; «>le-
pant overcoats. J15 up. LEON LEMOS. U17
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
"WHITE enpniel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or dcuVild. « 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1S10-1312 Stockton ft., near Broadway.
A LFHEDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
t _ hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists,
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates: 10
years' crperience. J. B. RAY, S36 Mission st.
SUPERFLUOUS hah- and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON'. Hl> Sutter st.
TAILOR made BUits. V 50; dress pants. J2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, eilver. diamonds and preciouE etones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. S17 Market et.
MASQUERADE cortumes. play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTF6 French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: g^c:,all druggifts.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
X>R- C^ cT^DONNELL^Of nee and residence.
1021- Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DB. .WONG HIM, herb doctor.- successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor: sanitarium,
7€4-766 Clay «=t.: fee testimonial!! at oglce.
rims.
KEARLT 10C0 permanent cures here in your
znidEt: many who have suffered 26 to SO years:
«v*r CO names of prominent business men
rcnt'a* reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay from business, and no salves for sale.
Particular* address Physician, box 1954 Call
office. S. V.. Cal.
RCAL _STATE--CITY— - FOR S ALB.
|5«) CASH. jii0»^afn— Absolutely J500 cash ls all
a €-room. bay-window, new cottage and two
lot? win cost you: all the latest and most
modern plumbing: wooden ' mantel, tiling;,
high plastered basement: five minutes from
Twenty-ninth and Mission sts.; the balance
of tlSOO can be paid off at tl« monthly; less
than rent. You never again will get such a
chance for a home. P. A. DOLAN'S Central
Real Estate Offle. 1607 Market et., opp. Frank-
lin; open Sundays. ¦
BIX,, seven and eight rooms cottages; also two
Oat houses in Mock between 17th. ISth. Castro
and Koe sis.: M cash, balance monthly pay>
ments; Castro or Guerrero-rt; cars. F. NEL-
SOX. bullger.
FOR a great bargain in real estate and easy
payments call at 39 Lee ave.. 2 blocks south
of Inglcslde Coursing Park; near school and i
car lines; -lot 75»112:6. .
BAY-WINDOW cottage, S lots; J1S00 cash
or terms. W. MILLERICK, 527 Gates St.. off,
Cortland ave.
you sale — Rir.eon Hill cottage of 7 rooms; lot
Z5x£3; no reasonable offer refused. Box 3725.
Call offlcas v
$2900— LOT with 2 cottages: perfect title; £53
Seventh st. Apply 60 Clipper, near 26th. -
REAL ESTATE— -COUNTRY — For Snle
A "SNAP"— Only $1400 for this nicely Improved
and fully equipped lovely home and money-
making 80-acre roothill ranch; only 6 miles by
fine level county road . from Napa; near 8
acres very richest of level black loam • under
cultivation; 1W) bearing fruit trees (including
3 very large and prolific orange trees); good
3-room residence; barn, sheds, several poul-
.. try liouses: rock cellar; water piped from
(Fp'ring; Include* horse, cow. poultry, wagon.
Incubator, all farm and carpenter tools, etc.;
everything eoee; 1000 cords of wood in pas-
ture.
tt, D. SICKELS. the Land Agent. 6 Geary.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
• Email tracts, $60 to t»0 per acre, on Kancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
fian Francisco is crowing rapidly; location
bert for poultry and general farming;. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California. *t.. for pam-
phjet* or Information. "" •
FOB fiaje— An ideal place for chicken ranch of
seven acres, close to town; everything new
. end -implet*} nice home; beautiful location;
personal reasons for eelling: will go for two-
thirds nctuaf value; only part caah required.
For full particulars write to F. WATRT, So-
noma. Cal.
FOR sale— A beautiful bome in town with good
income; healthy climate;- price $4000; offers
wanted. Appijr to MRS. L. JACOBSEN,
I-ivermore. Cal. ' " ' .
HOTEL and bar; caey payments or trade; 51
rooms; large grounds; near large factory and
depot; near San Franelceo: real estate and
furniture, <3750. KING'S. 457 »th et.. Oakland.
DO you want to Invest a little money In some
lands that will make you a, fortune quick?
Write fit once for full particulars. Address
box S?4t. Call office, ',''..
roULTUY and dairy ranches for Fa'.e; write for
free tint. C. K. WP.' FIELD. Petalmna, 'Cal.
FOIt sale— Choice lots in Mlilbrae. near school-
house. Terms of MARK LAKE, 634 Market et.
ROSS VALLKV RCAL , ESTATE.
LAKGE and email houses for sale, lease or
exchange; building lots and land ty acre. J.
TUKSTEAIV £aa __*l«no.^ '
No. - . Prize. I No. Prize. No. . Prize.
71891.. '20 71915......... . 40 71962.....;..' 10O
71983........ 40 72157 20 72333........ 20
72400 100 W«01.. .-.;.-..••«) 72711........ 100
.72938 40 73009 40 73073 20
73380 20 73343 -20 73377 100
T2424 100 73572 40 73634 20
73749 2073781 20 74023. ....... 40
74030 , 20 74033........ 20 740S3 40
74112....... .- * 40 74136 20 74238.. ..;... ', SO
74263 20 74319 100 74474 -to
74476 40 74438 20 74312 20
745S1: 20 74506...:.... 40 74727 100'
74750 2074910 20 73028 20
75011 2073128:. 20 75179 .'20
7S21X. ....... ' 20 73464 40 75511 100 .
75512 100 75325 20 73339 20
75386 100 75568.. 20 75656 20
75H56 40 75714 20 73*52 10O-
760S0 40 76110... 20 76227........ 40
76251 -20762S6 40 76301........ '20
76418 100 76385 40 76708 20
76728 40 76734 20 78832 20
76320 100 77070 20 77117 40
77197... • 100 77244........ 40 7727S BOO
77350........ 40 77406......... '40 77532 2M>
77376........ 20 77704 20 77926 20
77J48. 40 77998 40 73027 tt
78118 100 78238 40 78424 100
78431........ 40 78439.". 20 7M34 ?»
7MM. 40 783S3 20 78358 40
78(08......,, 48 78653.. ;'. 40 78684. ..SO
78158........ 20 7S774.. ...... 20 7W1S.V. 40
W«9 £179174 40 79J03 W
T&.29 10O7M438 40 79441 100
7*tfi3 20 79*72 20 '
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 . numbers from 38,046 tn 38,116, Inclusive.
b«ln» M numbers on each side of the number
drawtnc capital prts* of teo.COo— $«0.
100 numbars , from 31.23« to 31.336. tnelualr*.
btlng B0 numbers on each sirf* of tho number
drawing capital prtie of 120,000— $40.
100 number* from 11, W! tn 11,738, Ineluitvt.
belrnf SO numbers on each sldn of tho number
drawing eapltal prisa of 110,000—130.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
799 numbers endlnr with M, bslnir tn* last
two'flgurM of the number drawing tho capital
prize of $60,000-120.
799 number* ending with $9. b«lnr th» last
two figure* of th« number drawing tho capital
prtio Of $2O,0O0-$2O. .
No. tt.098 draws first capital prtie ef 180,000,
sold In Havana, Cuba; Altoona, Pa.; N«w Or-
l<>an>. La.; Ht. Louis. Mo.
No. 31,2*6 drawa ftecond capital prize of $20,000;
sold In San Francisco, CaL : New OrUans, Ln.
No. 11,706 draws third capital prlia of Jio.cno,
mid In Mexico City.
NOS.1S44, 81.481. 36.633, 49,777 and 7U41 draw
aach $1000. sold in San Jose. Costa Rica: St.
I-ouIh. Ma; Beaumont. Texas: Puebla, Pue.;
Ean Francisco, Cal.; Austin, Texas.
.JOSE MALABBHAR,
For the Treasury Department.
V. BAS3ETTI. Manager.
APOLINAR CASTILLO. Intervenor.
OCEAN TRAVEL
REAL ESTATE WANTED. !
WANTED— By responsible parties."""; ranch"' on
sharps. Call or address 407 Thirty-eighth St.,
Oakland. ¦-.-¦•..
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.'
ALAftJED.l REAL ESTATE. ,^.
ALAMEDA and' Fruit vale bargains for invest-
ors and houseseekers on easy terms or ex-
change for city or country realty.
SPECIAL . BARGAIN. . -
One of the finest- residences In the city: 13
rooms, 3 bathrooms, etc.; best location; fin-
ished in oak. birdseye maple and Carolina
' pine; highly decorated: Jot S5xl70 feet. •' '¦. ,
SPECIAL. . • -. v 1V
Two modern cottages, I rooms ana bath;
near station; 11500. -"'
'. A. R. iDENKB.
•. '-'J. Webster-st. Station. Alameda.
ITS I/)T8, ilte MxlOO, for $<0 each; a great bar.
4 lots 40x200; street work complete; a great
4 lots 'on Sherman St.; 75x150; choicest prop-
erty In Alameda. .
Fine homo on Central ave.; new; modern
Improvements; 15000.
iWutlfut horn* on Cltnton ave.; corner lot;
hou., of . rooms: »«" h ; JUDI> * CO.
: -;-: :' 1414 Park st. Alameda.
HERKELEY. ADVERTISEMENTS
nicitKisusY nisAL estate.
TIMS Is Just the place you are locking: for:
nrar the university and public school: nous*
of « rooms: lot MxlM: street wprk all done;
an Ideal home; only 12700.
¦ IS250— House of 0 room*, alls modern Im-
' timv.tnrntB: mri of Telegraph av«. and north
of Dwlght way; a bargain, -iv* -;»
16000-Houm of 13 room*; leased for (SO
monthly; first class investment.
12200— A fine buslnfw corner, 40x118;' a
money making proposition.
JOSEl'H J. MAgON. Rnal EBtate.
Adjoining P. P.. Berkeley.
|5«rt— nAnQAlN Inn sightly lot in the Scenic
Park: two blocks from university: a snap.
11050— Good bulldlnK site on Hlljrard ave., in
Scenic Park Tract, near Coos and College.
$3*50— New modern home of 7 rooms; lot «0x
. 123: street work all done: near university.
jSOO — Neat cottage of 4 rooms; fruit trees
and flowers.
•200— Building sites at bargain prices.
MAY & MORTIMER,
2121 Center st.. West Berkeley.
HA YWARDS ADVERTISEMENTS
___: i _£
• HA YWARDS REAL ESTATE. >
S ACRES. 3 acres of which ls the finest richest
sediment soil, adapted to raising vegetables
and berries: 4 acres in fruit, full bearing;
. fine 5-room llfrht basement cottage, complete-
ly eewered, bath, pantry, toilet, stationary
washstand, hot and cold water, "wash tubs in
basement, cement foundation, veranda front,
one side and rear, bevel French, plate rIbm
* windows in front, cement sidewalk round the
house, and front; lawns: flne well, windmill
and tank;,tankbouse; barn: chicken houses;
brooder houses; water piped ta house, barn,
ehicken houses; a positive sacrifice; Improve-
ments worth the money asked; cost $7500; to
make quick sale, *4500. P. WILBERT, Hay-
wards, Cal.
2 ACRES, with 3-room house, barn, 4 chicken
houses, well. 80 chickens, bugjry, new spring
wagon, new harness, household furniture. 25
fruit trees; three-quarters of a mile from
town; main road; only $1400. P. WILBERT.
Hay wards. Cal. '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$2300—1100 DOWN, balance monthly: brand new
home of 6 flne lai-ge sunny rooms, with por-
celain bath and sink; elevated lot;. 40x150 feet
<note the size); near Grove Bt. ; street work
all dene; a pretty, cozy home at a sacrifice.
.' • GEO. W. AUSTIN &- CO., •
Broadway, Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARU,
1118 Broadway: telephone Main 10.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE!.
AN* introduction to you from H. Schellhaas,' the
• furniture deal>r.->Uh and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BROADWAT. 410-412— The most elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms In locality; single and
housekeeping: rents reasonable; first-class at-
tention. . ' . ¦ i .
CALIFORNIA, 3031—3 sunny rooms furnished
for light housekeeping; no children. ¦
CEDAR ave.. 24, near Larkln. Post and Geary—
3 sunny unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
running water; bath; reasonable.. - . . "-
EDDY, 939— Unfurnished handsome double
parlors, hall room, . kitchen; splendid loca-
tion; no children.
•EDDY. 923—3 or 4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
conveniences: private residence; no children.
ELLIS, 1016— Small euite and kitchen: newly
furnished modern flat; reasonable; no chlldrn.
ELLIS, 1127—2 nicely furnished sunny rooms;
complete for housekeeping.
ESSEX, 12 (Rincon' Hill)— Large sunny house-
keeping rooms; also single room; cheap.
FIFTH, 833— Two furnished -housekeeping, J10;
three, 120, with bath; aJao single. $5 up a mo.
LARGE rooms, first-floor; large grounds; suit-
able for families with children.' Apply 620
Folsom et. ' ' •¦ ¦¦_•¦.'.
LEAVENWORTH, 720, near Sutler— New and
elegantly furnished rooms; all conveniences
for housekeeping. ' ' V-'
MINNA. 237,- : New York- House; bet. Third and
Fourth— Housekeeping rooms; 2 and 3 rooms.
MISSION. 1063— Suites of housekeeping rooms,
- completely furnished. .
MISSION.- H27B— Housekeeping rooms to let,
with bath. - - . -
NEW MONTGOMERY. 105— ?6 per month, sun-
ny furnished housekeeping rooms to let.
OAK. 119— Large • sunny parlors, furnished,
housekeeping; yard; $16; other single rooms;
reasonable. ,
OCTAVIA. 1403, cor. Geary— Sunny' bay-window
partly furnished parlor; kitchen; gas; $12.
OTARRELL, 1S11— 1 fumlsned and 2 unfur-
nlshcil rooms for housekeeping. /.
POLK, 1002—3 and 5 room suites, 'completely
furnished for -housekeeping, $15 up; reference.
POWELL. 1401 — 2 Or 3 large connecting ¦ rooms
fcr housekeeping, gas. bath; aUo single
rooms; reasonable. . .-.:
BECOND ST., 212— Furnished rooms* for house-
. keeping and others; clean and respectable;
no children; reasonable. <
STEVENSON. 642, bet. Seventh and Eighth—
Furnished rooms with Etove; running water;
bath; central. • ...
TURK, 613—2 rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing. ?12; l large unfurnished room. ' Apply
from 1 to 3. ¦ ' - .
VALENCIA, 1232—2 housekeeping .rooms, fur-,
niched; gas 'stove, bath; tubs; sunny. - .
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and ¦
subscriptions ' has ; been established at . 10!»6
'Valencia Et. - - ¦ - - .'- -
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. nnd I'ofnrn,
AHLBORN' HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family , hotel .in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meale, 25c; free coach.
A^BRUKSWICK HOUSE, m Sixth-Rooms,
20c to $1 per night; '$1 23. to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms, newly
renovated;'25c to $1 night; phone Black 4915.
BACHELOR Hotel, IS Mason St.— 100 newly
furnished and . renovated rooms. COc up; ele-
vator; electric lights in- every. room; return
call bells; first-class; central; quiet; gentle-
men only. . '*;-'.- i . •• W-
BR ADY. 29, Off Marke^-1 or I sunny rooms,
furn. or unfurn.; reasonable; private family.
BRODERICK. 1511—3 rooms and bath;' suitable
for light housekeeping. _ -
BURNETT. 1428 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., 'suites, ' single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, 1043— Jlewly furnished rooms;, all mod-;
. ern improvements; gentlemen, only; - refnceB.
CALIFORNIA, _ 718— Furnished . rooms; aunny
and clean.
CLARA. 166, near Fifth— Three rooms; rent
tl £0. 1 /-'•¦- - ' . - '' "- ¦
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor.-. Mason— Elegantly
¦furnished eunny rooms ; - prices ; reasonable.
EDDY. 10ft— Nicely furnished eunny suites;' also
single rooms; reasonable. - - '--. , -,' v
GEARY. 1 1237. corner Gough^-T wo rooms. , fur-
nlshcd,' sultabje for light housekeeping. . - c
GRANT ave., JS— Has changed hands; nicely
furnished sunny suites; also single rooms;
day, week, month.: . .'¦¦.-
HARRISON. 770, bet. ' Third and Fourth— Nice
gunny front room, 1 or Z gentlemen; rent reas.
-(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence,' 2409 Clay, street, 1 . 'thence to'St..Doml-
nlck's Church, where mass- will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross ¦ Cemetery; . ¦ ¦¦•..-. :¦ < - ¦
FA^KFIELD— In * this 'city, July 27, ¦ 1901, ¦Wil-
liam, beloved son of Daniel and MaryiFalr-
»fleld, and ' of » Mrs. ¦ T. - Woods, Mrs.-
/ J. A. Rae.rMrs. A. R. Poole, Sarah, Alice
and -Daniel Fairfleld, a native of New York,
aged 47iS years and, 20 days. (Seattle papers
please copy.) ' ¦ tr ¦ '-;' >
ID^Funeral to-day (Monday) at 1:30 o'clock,
from his late residence, '.'4229 Twenty-sixth
street.- near ' Castro. -Interment, private,
% Mount Olivet Cemetery. ¦¦ .1, . '
GILL— In .Oakland, July. 28, 1901, William
•Maxwell .Gill,- husband of • Annia. M. Gill,
formerly of Fresno; Cal., a native of Indiana,
aged ES years 11. months and 6 days. ¦¦¦',: ;
GOUBERT— In this city July . 28, 1901. ' Martin,
• beloved husband of • Augustine Goubert, and
brother of Victoire Goubert and Marie Sepan,
nnd-«on-ln-law._of. Mr. ; and. Mrs.' August
Segay, and brother-in-law of Mr. and Mrs.
Aug;UBte Jr., and, Paul and Eugenie Segay,
and uncle of: Mr. < and Mrs. >• Pierre AUcmand
and Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Cscalie, a ¦ native
of France, aged 43 years 2 months , and U
days. -.¦,-.-. .¦.-'¦' • * ' .,,
. KT Friends and acqualntanceB are respect-
fully invited. to attend the funeral Wednes-
day, July 81, 1901, at 1 o'clock, from hU late'
residence, 5 Bond street, off Mission? between
Twelfth and .Thirteenth, streets, thence u»
French Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolres,
where services •• will be held, : thence. . to
; Druids' Hall; 413 Butter < street, where serv-
ices will be. held under tho auspices of l'erse-
verence Grovo No. 10, • A. 1 . O. U. P., at. 2
O'clock. !¦*,•> , •
IIRNRY-In this city, "July 28, 1901, William
t ISmil Jr., daurly beloved and 6nly child of
¦ William Kmll and Maud O. Henry, a native
of Ban Francisco, ngetl 2 years and. 7 months.
IllOltr—In this nlty, July 28, 1901, Kphralm 11.,
beloved fntlier of F. A, JllRby, a native of
Now Vork, nxPrt 74 yeari. „ .*
lIKiillNS-ln thla city, July 27, 1001, Michael,
beloved husband "of lirtdgct III«kIiih. ami
nearly beloved father 'of Mrs. F. llrooks/and
brother-in-law of.Wllllum, Alfred and John
• Twyford utid the late. Thomas Twyford, a
notlvo of tho parish of ' OranRUgh, County
Cork, Ireland, lifted 60 ycarN and 7 mouths. ;
C3*FrleniU untl nctiualntnnces ore respect-
fully invited to attend th,e funeral to-day
(Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mis-
sion street, near Fourth, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 1 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetary.
HUaHES— In. Berkeley, July 28, 1901, John T.,
beloved son of Cormach Hughes, a native o(
Prlnco Edward Island, aged 30 years.
KRAFFT-In Oakland. July 28, 1901, Daniel,
beloved son of -John . G. ¦ and Kunlgunda
Kraftt, and brother of William Krafft, I a
: , native of New York, aged 22 years 3 months
and 7 days. ' * ' . '>,• . ¦ : . - , ;
MASON— Entered into rest, In this cltjr* July'
'.27,-1901, Mary.J., widow of the late Captain
- John*. Mason, beloved . mother of Kate M.
' Thomas, Krandmother of Ellis 8. J. Mason,
Daisy E. Thomas, Mrs. G. W. Hessler and
Mrs. W. A. Finch, and great grandmother of
G. W." Heealer Jr., a native of . Northumber-
land, , England, aged 90 years 7 months and 4
¦ days.' 1 • ¦ ¦ '¦ '"•••¦ • ¦' •-,-¦ \ ..¦ ¦ ,¦ ' " ..'¦¦
ty Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to ; attend the funeral to-daj'
(Monday), at 2 o'clock,- from St. Ann's
'Chapel, Old Ladies'--- Home," 2118 Golden Gate
avenue. Interment Odd Fellows* Cemetery.
McGEOROE-In this city, July 27, 1901, James
Glendennlng McGeonte, . beloved husband of
Isabella McGeonre, and*tfather of James H.
¦ and Alexander McGeorjce, a -native of Scot-
land, aeed 49 years . 7 months and 5 days.
ICTNotlce of funeral in Tuesday morning,
papers. ¦ . .."".'
RIORDAN— In this city, July, 27, 1901, v Johana.
beloved mother of Annie and Josie • Rlordan,
the late James A. and Mary G. Riordan and
Mrs. J. Callasrhan. a native of County Cork, i
Ireland, ased 63 years. - - - v. -.
' IE?" Friends and acquaintances : are respect-
fully invited , to attend the funeral to-day
. (Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her* late resi-
dence. 7094 Hampshire street,- thence to St.
Charles Church, where a solemn requiem
mans will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, 1 commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. .¦ , . ' :, ,
STECHER— In Aberdeen, Wash.. July 23.- 1901,
EQward T., beloved husband of the late Ella
Stecher, beloved son of Eleanor and the -late
Phillip Stecher, and brother : of; Fred J. and
Otto Stecher,- a native of San Francisco, ' aged
36 years 2 months and 6. days. A member of
the Friends of the Golden Gate Vereln. r ¦ -.-¦
CyFriendB and acaualntances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of
his mother, 317 Minna street, near Fourth.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. •
TO the officers and members of the Friends of
the Golden Gate Vereln— You are hereby no-
tified to assemble at | 317 Minna street to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, to attend
the funeral of our, late member, .Edward T.
Stecher. By order of '
MRS.-M.-VAN NIEL, President.
SPRECKELSEN— In this city. July, 28. 1901,
Anna Marsaretha I ! Soreckelsen, beloved
daughter of Mrs. John Laudon. and sister of
• Lizzie and Henrietta . Spreckelsen and John
Laudon Jr., a native of San Francisco, aged
. 16, years 8 months and 14 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday),' at 2^©'clork, -from- th«<- parlors -of
. Theodor Dierks. ¦ 957 ; street, between
Fifth ,p.nd Sixth. Interment Odd Fellows'
Cemetery. ¦ ' . - ¦ ' \
SWEENEY— In this city. July 28. 1901, Mary,
beloved wife ' of ' the , late Thomas
and mother of 'James; -Thomas,, Mary and
. ' John Sweeney, Mrs. J. • B. McNally of Pres-
cott/ i Arizona, and Mrs. David - Connor of
} Jerome, .Arizona, . a native of County . Kll-
dare, Ireland. .'-¦ -. ; ' . .". ¦
WAIT— In this citK July 28,-1901, William W.,
beloved . husband .of Mary ; Walt, a native of
Dedham, Mass., aced 58 years 6 months and
26 days. (New York, papers please copy.)
ICTThe funeral will take place to-morrow
; (Tuesday), at. 2 o'clock, from. his late resi-
dence, 904 Van Ness avenue. Interment
private., in I. O. O. F. Cemetery. • : •
WALDRON-^In Lakeview. July . 26, 1901, Mrs.
Margaret Waldron, relict of the' late Wil-
liam Waldron, a native of Ireland.
ItyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully. Invited to attend, the funeral to-day
. (Monday),' at 8:20 o'clock, from-the parlors of
Carew & English, 29 Van Ness avenue, thence
to .-¦ Sacred Heart Church, where a requiem
high, mass will be celebrated for the repesu
of. her soul, commencing, at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy . Cross Cemetery. ¦'-. •
WALL— In this city, July 87, 1901. Nellie, be-
loved wife, o' Felix A. Wall, mother of Jo-
seph .Wall; daughter of the late Margaret
Monahan, and sister of John Monahan ' and
Mrs. William Murray, a native of New York
. City.N. Y., aged J9 years 1 month and 23
days. ¦ .- / '¦ | -¦- ¦--,¦'.. . - - ,
• • ifcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to. attend the : funeral to-day
(Mohday). at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ¦• 4231 ElRMeenth street, thence to the
Church of the Holy Redeemer, where a re-
quiem, hlch mass will be celebrated far the*
repose of .her soul at 9:30 o'clock. . Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. . '
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannatnn ,fc Gallagher.) ' .-
• . DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMJ^ALMHRS.
20 Fifth ft., nppostt* Lincoln School.
.Telephone South SO.
IUAMBS McGINN,
Formerly with McGinn. Eros., has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy et.\ bet.
Taylor and Jones. ¦ Telephone South 576.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
1 27 and 29 Fifth st. Tel. South 167,
rtTNEK&V EIR£CT0RS AND EMBALMERS.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. :
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & % EMBALMERS. I
'1239 Maiket St..' between 8th and 9th. |
. ; . •. - Telephone South 247.-"' fl
CREMATldN^
The Odd Follows'ICemstery Vs6o:lation,
. " ! '-.. Point Lcbis ave., . . . F.. Cal.- -V ¦ '
The ¦ ordinance prohibiting burials ' in San
Francisco-after the -first day of August, .1901.'
does not refer to CREMATION. Neither does
it affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing less harmful to the living than ' the
ashes. of their dead. ¦ •- ; .
- Permits to cremate' will be Issued by the
Board of Health the same as heretofore. -
- - - . GEORGE. R. FLETCHER, Manager,-
SA J FRANCISCO, Cal.— I.otice is hereby given
t .at CHARLES H. JACOB of the firm of
CHARLES H.- JACOB & CO.. funeral direc-
tors and embalmere, S18 - Mason street, - has
. .' by order of court, ' had his name changed to
CHARLES . H. * J. TRUMAN, ¦ by reason of
. which 'the name .of his . firm becomes
CHARLES H." J. TRUMAN' & CO. Under
this name, he continues to do business at tho
- same place. . TelephoJie Main B213. *' • . |
B^AL ESTATE ' TRANSACT IONS ¦
- The" Debenture* Corporation; V Limited, and
San Francisco Breweries. Limited (Incorporated
lS90);td San Francisco Breweries,- Limited (In-'
Corporated » 1839), • conveys , property , in 1421 D ;
325 (deed of trust)- also lot on SWllne of Sec- '
ondsttect f ;i35 NW of Folsom. SW 275: NW 15 :
fiW 112:6 to Hubbard,"NW 193:0. NE 112:6 NW
6::to Teharaa,- . NE r 27S. ~SE. 215 UMbecinnlmr •
leasehold,; bHck s .buildlne : on., Howard . street,
near Seeond;, containing; bottling- depot,' also
certain- saloons; also-.lot oq-.snine'- of Fulton
(street, 137:0iW..of :Franklin, S-206:3, W. 30,^ S
68:9!to Grove. W. 23, N 68:9.- W 82:6; N 206:3 to
Fulton. 137:6 to besrlnnlnsr leased property
on NE corner of McAllister and . Franklin. E
94:3, tiNi67,^E, 43:3, ;N- 63,, W- 137:6.; S 120 to be-
ginning; al!?o leased property -r on N * line V of
Locust . avenue .as described in : . 905 ,- D. '* 344," ' S
line . of i Locust avenue/ 137:6 . W. of Franklin, ' E
60. i thence . at " right t angles i and ¦¦ parallel ' with
~-~- Fran)tlln street to point In N line of Hayt-s
Valley-Tract District, - 77:6 «-W- of .Franklin,
thence NW to > W . line, ; 60-vara, lot I. N. to . be-
ginnings also .three-story, brick ' building, etc. ;
also brewing property.. real and leasehold prop-
erty of Chicago Brewings Company. Willows
Brr'wery; South San. Francisco Erewery.- Pacific
Brewery (no property described) ; also breweries
In Alameda and ' Santa Clara counties ; • also
property, conveyed in 45 cov. . 87, trust agree-
ment; also lot on SW line of Second. street, 135
NW of Folsom, SW 275. NW. 15, SW 112:6; NW
133:9,- NE U2:«, • NW 6:3,>NE 275. SE 218; ar*o
lot on S line of Fulton street, 137:6 AV of Frank-
lin, 8 206:3, W 80, S 68:9/ W 25.N 68:9,.W 82:«,
N 308:6, <E' 137:6;, also -lot. on -N- line of 'Pine
street, 200 W of Larkln.N 137:6, W 133, S 62:6.
W.17, S 75, E 150; -also 'lot' on SE corner, of
.Nineteenth and Mission streets, E 245, S 65, ;W
104:6,^8 30 -W 140:6,. N 95;alBO lot on N lino of
Fourteenth ' avenue, 225 ¦ E of ; N • street, N 50,
SE 100. S • 61.. NW- 100, .block 266, O'N."& H.
Tract; also lot on NW line of Railroad avenue.
53.210 NE of Fourteenth avenue,- NE 26.605. N W
83. SE 97, -block 266. same; also lot on SE line
of Tchama street. -73 NE of Fourth, - NE 8S :6.
SE 80, SW 12:8. SE 80,. SW 25, NW 80, SW 52.
In'W'80; 'also, property outside of -county and
property, hereafter/acquired (recorded July 2B,
1901).-). ... . ¦¦- .•;•'/, . ,. ..; ..•_¦:¦¦.' .' ¦; ' '
San - Francisco -Bre'werles, • Limited (incor-
porated in 1899) to the • Debenture Corporation,
Limited,' conveys property in 45 cov. 87 (trust
agreement) ; also same as last ' eight' descrip-
tions above In trust agreement (recorded July
26.-1901; $—. ¦, >*,¦ ¦ .'-•.•¦ '¦'¦- ¦
Ksitate of Morris Ffeud (by Fanny Freud, ad-
ministratrix) to Kllsa Furg-er, lot 'on N line
of Hayes street/ 75 W of Franklin, W. 23 by N
120; $3000. ... •¦ ¦• . • ...:¦. '
Bernard and ! Dora • D. • Faymonvllle to Mary
A. Carrolt, lot , on N line or Broadway. ¦ 167:6
E of Pierce street. K S7:« by N 137:8; $10..'. •
i Ow*n and Mary McAullff . to Andr«w ana
Teresa Haftgo, lot on SB corner of Ilampshiro
nnd Twentieth streets, 8 100 by E 60; flO.
Builders' Contracts.
Mrs. Mary V. W«rd L (owner) with Theodora
8. Horn (contractor), architect Fred H. Meyer
-All work except • mantels .for , a two-itory
frama building on- lot on B;lln« of Ajhbury
*tr««t, 830:2 B of Frederick, H 30, 1-3 ir.«:C>i.
N to a point W 163 :»H: $2743. V
• .Trustees of, gt. Stephen's Bplseopal Church
(owner) with Thomas H. Day's Bom (contrac-
tor*), architect Edward U Holme«-Alter«tlonii
nnd additions. to frame 'church on lot on N
line of Fulton street/ 137:8 B of Flllmore, ,N
137 :« by IC B5. W A. 802; $3186.
Marion Mocker (owner) with William B.
finook & Hon (contractors), architects MoDoug.
all :BroB.-Plumblng, Rftsftttlng and sewerln*
for alterntlum and additions fto frame bullillhic
to make the same into two complete tenements
on .lot on 8 line of Golden ¦ Gate avenue, 222
W of Franklin street, W 28 by S IM, . \V, A
138; «1030.
JullaF. and Annie L, Crowley and Theresa
A. Barton (wife of E. J.) (owners) with Felix
Marcuse (contractor and architect)— All work
for a two-story frame building • (two flats)
lot on B line of Seventh avenue, 160 S of Lake
street. S 25 by E 120; $3250. l
The Schmiedell Estate (owner) (by E. Q.
Schmiedell) with M. Lynch fcontractor), archi-
tects White & Maybeck— All work for a flve-
story and basement brick apartment house on
lot on SW corner of Post and Jones streets,
W 78 by 8 137:6; $59,775." .- ,„,,'„
Thomas Crellln (owner) with J. W. Miller
(contractor), architect . Walter. J.» Mathews—
Rough brick work, ¦ lay . all terra cotta - and
pressed brick • and cement all fire walls for/ a
six-story brick building on ¦ lot on, S line of
Mission street; 118:8% W of Second, W 98:3Vi.
S 80 E 59:6, S 80, E 39:7%, N 60, W 10% inches,
N'80: ?14.7« -- ..
Helen A. Deamer. (Qwner) with Carl Schutt
(contractor), architect All work for a
three-story frame - building (three stores . and
seven flats) ¦ on lot on NW corner of Fillmore
and McAllister streets, N 62:6 by W 87:6;
$14,070. /¦•'.:• . ¦ * . -..-¦¦
Florence B. Rlckerby (owner) with William
Linden (contractor), -architects Rousseau &
Son— All work for a two-story frame building
(four flats) on lot onSW corner of Twenty-
fifth and Capp streets, W 116 by S 55, M B 1S2;
$4500. ¦'.¦ '¦ •
O.i?.«IV.CO.
Only StaastsIUp 3j1t»» «— j
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Lino from Portland to nit
points Cast. Tbrou&h tickets to all
points, all rait oi> stsarasnlo and rail, at
XiOTV_S~ .:E__ > X t _IS. :
; 8TEAMER TICKETS IUCLHD3 BERTH and MBAL\
SS. COLUMBIA..-...—'.
.Sails Aug. 1. 11. 21. 3L Sept. 10. 20. 30
SS. GEO. W". ELDER :
Sails Aug. 6. 16. 26. Sept. 5. 15. 25
D-W. HrrCHCOCK.GEN.Agt..l Montgm'y. S.F.
AMERICAN ;LINE.
HSV TOSS. S0DTHAM?T0N. LOSBOH. PAH13.
\ Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
Fiom New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
St. Paul.. v... August 7iSt. Paul August 2S
Pt. Louis August 14 St. Lcuis Sept. 4
Philadelphia.. August 21]PhiladelphIa ...Sept. 11
RED. STAR LINE.
:.; ;: New York and Antwero. '
From New Tork Wednesdays, at 13 noon.
•Vaderland ..August TIFrtesland ....Auyast 2S
Kensington ..August 14 Southwark .....Sept. 4
•Zeeland August 21 |»Vaderland Sept. II
•Stop at Cherbourg, ea^tbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. I>. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st,
TOYO KISJBN KAISBA;
STEAMKBS WILL LEAVB WHABT, COH-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKONO. calling at
Kob« (Hlogo), Nagasaki ¦ and Shanghai ' and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. «No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARU... Saturday. Aug. 10, 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU .".....
Wednesday. September 4. 1901
ES. NIPPON MARU. .Friday. September 27. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rate*. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W . H. AVERT. General A|wnt.
oceaniC5.5.to. s^s
S. S. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa, New
- Zealand and Aua....Thurs.,' Aug. 1, 10 a. m.
S. 8. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Tuesday, August I, 10 a. m.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu...:
....Saturday. August 10. 2 p. m.
J. 0. SPSECXELS 4 BIOS. CO., Basra! louts, 327 larkti St
4«T1 tmw Otfica, H3 iartiUt, Par la. 1. PacSeSl
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA 8UO AMERICANA DB VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 nj.
ACONCAGUA.. Aus. 6IGUATKMALA...AUS. 23
PERU... ..Aug. 14JPALENA Sept. . 4
i These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
' tral and South American passenger servlc*.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.). Freight
and passenger office. 314 California street.
* BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R. s Sl
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA BISECT.
V* Cabin. $163; Steerage. HO; Meals Free.
S. S. Arjjyll sails Mon l->y, . Aug. 12
'¦ 6. 8. Leelanaw Mails -Monday. Ad£.'26
S. S. Argyll «-»!« Tuesday. Sept. 24
From Steuart street at 2 p. m.
- Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st
- F..F. CONNOR. Pacinc Coast Agent.
C0XPAS1O2 6XKISAJ.S TRA53ATL ANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. r_^^
Sailing every Thursday. Instead of 4KI _B
Sat.ircay, at 10 a. m.. from oler 42. ¦ *nii»r»
North River, foot of Morton street; La Cham-
p-agn<», August .1; La Gascogne. AuKUSt - 1;
•X/AquHaine, August 15; La . Nonnandle. Au-
gust 22. - ' - ¦ -...-.
First class to Havre. TO and upward. Second
class - to Havre. J43 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCT FOR -UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 82 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. K- FtJGAZI & CO.. PadHc Coast
Agents ' 6* Montrcmery avenae. San - Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.-
• »Twln Screw Exorera Steamers. . • .
BAY AND ' _1V_R STEA_ES3.
jilTrilAYY YARD AND JfAUEJO?
'" ; Stamers OEN. FRJSBIE or MONTICELLO;
, I :«5 aT m.. . »O3 and : »JB - p. m.. except Sua-
4ay. Sunday. t:45 a. m.. . S:30 p. nu Leav«»
Valiejo 1 a. nj.; 12:» . noon. I p. m.. • exctpt
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. tn.. 4.15 p. m. Fin H
eenta. T»lepiM>»« Main 1508. ljutdias and js£-
flc«. rrt»r t -MlMlon-it <wlc. - HATCH BRO8.
1ft U4- OOprYear
ROOMS TO LET— Furii. and Unfnrn.
HAWTHORNET^i72:^near ''"'Harrison— Pleasant
medium-sized room for gent; reasonable; ret.
HOTEL 1 ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
Bt., near Market— Central location; new build-.
> inr; elegantly furnished; strlotly. flrst-claas;
'EOo per day. and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars tp Turk st. ¦ ____
KBARNY,''34, and' 47 Post-Offices or sunny
. furnished rooms; en suite or single. ¦; -,:
JULIAN ave.. »5— 2 sunny furnished rooms in
prlvaf family; % block from 14th & Mission.
LATtKIN, ,804— Large sunny rooms, S6 and $7;
small room, 14; suitable for gents. '.-''-'.
LEAVENWOItTII. 1521— Two large rooms; hot
. and cold water: large yard. ¦ ¦ - • ,
MARKET, 1015 (New" Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms, t2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MAimNET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suiteS, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms 1 10 up.
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient. :
O'KAimKLL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms Bnd
. offlces; elevator; elec. llghtsj'day, week, mo.
OXronD, 271 O'^arrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, 13 week up; transient. ¦
nOYAL House, 12fl Kllts-Yncande»cent light!
mullnc-mom, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, S!Ws to %i r.0; w««k, S3 to
IS; month, O to (30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot wnd cold wntfr; tiathn.
SHKnMAN Apnrlmfnt House, 28 Kishth «t,,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
tjCOTT, 111— Three unfurnished sunny rooms;
no children. , •¦ . . . _¦
STOCKTON, 832-Nleo tunny clean ¦ultcM nmi
single rms.; run, water; Imtha; phone; ehoap.
TKHAMA, 219V1— Nlrely furnished sunny single
room, fS per month. * Call after 6 p. m. or
Hunday, ¦_
THJ5 NAVAHltH, 405 Oeary-KIegantly furnish.
fd sultns and single; travelers accommodated,
TUHK, 643— Nice sunny room on parlor floor;
running watur. gqs and bath; $10. .
VAN NESS.. 807~Elegant sultejr.' n«wly . fui-
- nlshed. M0; also others; rooms first-clami.
RUOM8 AMI HO Aim.
UNUlVALEli furnished rooms; best corner, In
Oakland; unsurpassed family taBle, ¦ 25o per
meal; |4 per week: every accommodation and
attention. 1103V4 Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland- ' .' '
ALMORA. Twentieth and Mission; warm belt;
new management; modern.; sunny rooms; ta*
.. ble board: unexcelled. Tel. Church 1181, ,.'-
BUCHANAN, 612— Sunny* furnished rooms with
board; privilege parlor, bath; terms" reason-
able; phone Fell 1235. . ' - .^- /¦¦:¦¦
VAN NESS ave.. 712— Alcove and bay-window
rooms* sun all day; running water; 'choice
table, .... . ¦¦•"-••¦¦¦ '.y
CALIFORNIA, 807— Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel ;exceptlonal table ;attractlve' rms.
THE HEATH.812 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single ;excellent cuisine.
HOTEL Repeller, 781 Sutter— Newly. furnished;-
excellent table; special rates to tourists. ¦¦
PINE, 12*2 (old- Ralston homeJ^Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth-r-Flne sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
ROOM? ' AS P ftO 4RD .W^y J.^H'^L
WANTED— By a teacher, room and" board in
, the. Western "Addition; west of Fillmore and
north of California; references exchanged.
; Box 3703. Call office. ¦ .. -
BOARD and rooms wanted for family of
four adults near Park Panhandle. Address,
giving terms and location. Box 4457. Call. .
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE-r-We are responsible . for our ¦ photo
contracts and coupons as they are printed:
positively no verbal agreements with agents
accepted; GLOBE Portrait Co., 3 Taylor st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10, tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon troe. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEW'l.VG MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, 6old, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, ,205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing:; lowest rates; phone Mint 45, 145 Sixth
j STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE^KUDOIJPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. . Main . 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
i ston st.; tel.- Howard 941/ F.' W.'ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.;, 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1849; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2S20 Flllmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
Tyr-BWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.- -
GREAT^BAKGAl Ns3 IlT TTPEWrTt ERS^We;
sell better machines "for less money than any
liouse in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main "US.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and have your work in sight. CUTTEU
TOWER CO., 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4S85.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, |60: anti-trust;
all makes;. used machines $10 up. 203 S&nsome.
ji J^ jww^^^ ¦ '¦'¦ ¦ /
TREASURY Department, office Supervising
Architect, Washington, D. C. July 9, 1901. —
. Sealed proposals will be received at (his office
until 2 o'clock p. rh., on the 3d day of Sep-
tember, 1901, and then opened, for the com-
plete mechanical equipment, including plumb-
ing, boilers, engine* and generators, switch-
board, electric wiring and ponduita, . heatinfc
. and ventilating, and elevators for the United
States Postofttee, Courthouse, etc., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., in accordance with drawings and
the specification, copies of which may be ob-
tained at this office or a* the office of .the
•Superintendent of Construction at San Fran-
Cisco, Cat., at the- discretion of the Supervis-
ing Architect, upon . deposit of a certified
check payable to the Treasurer of the. United
States for (250, which upon return of the
. complete set of drawings and specification
¦ will be returned. JAMES KNOX TAYLOR,
Supervising Architect. , • • ¦ ¦
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
.Birth, marrlaire and death notices kentr by
mail w)ll not be Inserted. They, must be handed
In nt either of the publication .offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of. per-
sona authorized to have the. same published.
BOBN. '
ANDERSON— In this city, July 22, 1901, to the
wife of P.' N. .Anderson Jr., a son. : . • . ' •
— _ ______ „ _
FLETCHER— MILLER— In" this city, July 28,
l!»l, in the Howard-street Methodist Episco-
pal Church, by the pastor. John A. B. Wll-
tion, Qulncy Fletcher and Lottie May Miller,
both of San Francisco. ¦-.„.'
. ______
Cardozo, Nancy C. Huffhes, John.T. -
Cills, Edward O. - KranTt, Daniel ,
Clute, Peter- A.- Mason,' Mary J.
Crane, Albert E. McO«orge, James G..
Dripcoll, Thomas B. Hiordan, Johana
Dykes, Robert Stecher, Edward, T.
Fairfleld, William Bpreckelsen.' Anna M.
Gill. William M. Sweeney. Mary
Goubert, Martin "Walt. William. W.
Henry. Wm. E. Jr. Waldron, Margaret
Higby, E'jhralm M. Wall, Nellio . .
Hlggins, Michael
CARDOZO— In Melroae, Cal., July 28, .-1901.
Nancy C. Cardozo, a na'Uve of ; Kentucky,
aged £6 years. ' ';•.:>.
CILLS— In- this city, July 28,' 1901, Edward O.,
beloved brother of A. W. and H. • Cills I and
Mrs. Kate. White, and nephew of Mrs. Mar-
garet Cummlngs, a native of Ban - Francisco,
ajred ?4 years. • ¦ ¦ *¦¦•«
' r^The remains are at. the parlors ¦ of. Va-
lente, Marini & Co., ' 1524 Stockton r street.
CLCTE— In this city, July 28, 1901. Peter A.
- Clute - of . Volcano, Cal., beloved husband - of
Clara Clute, and father of Ella, Edbert, John
and Cora Clute,' a native of New York", 'aged
64 years 11 months and 26 days. . V 1 - : . /
CRANE— In Decoto, Alameda County, Cal.,
July 27. 190l.~. Albert E. Crane, father'., of
~ Harry H.' and Carltoh C Crane, grandfather
N of Helen L-: and- Carlton C. Crane- Jr.; ¦ a
native of Herkimer County, N. Y., . aged 74
years and 9 months. : _ £
' c~ Notice of funeral hereafter. '.
nrtisCOLL— In this city, July' 26, MOl, Thomas
•B beloved son of Michael and the late Cath-
erine Drlacoll. and brother of William J.,
Vrank J., Mary A. and, Kate Drlscoll, a na-
tive of Birmingham, England, aged 45 years
1 -month and 23 days. (Sydney, Australia,
"vnapers please copy.) . .' -.',¦¦>'/ v *.:/¦•¦.'
• - . icrFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the' funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8i30 o'clock, from his, late resl-
! Apnce 51T Jeesle street, near SlxthMhence to
ct Patrick's Church, where services 1 will, be
held at 10 o'clock. ' Interment 'Holy Crosa
GOLDEN GATE Council No. 84. T. M. I.—
You are hereby, notified to attend the funeral
of our late • brother, ¦ Thomas B.-.> Drlscoll,
to-day (Monday), at * 'o'clock, from.. his
" late residence. 517 Jessie street. Fines ; for
non-attendance: .A. J. SULLIVAN; PreS.-
¦• CM. O'BRIEN,. Cor. Sec. ¦ y ,- . ..
DYKES— In this- city, July 27,:- woi, : . Robert,
beloved' aon of Frances and the: late Robert
Dykes, and brother of George, Mary, Charley
and: the late Frances Dykes, a native of San
'Francisco. • aged- 23 years. . V ; • • < .'
• C~Frtenda and. aeouaintances are ' respect-
fully invited to attend the luneral to-morrow
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
ts\ . '•'¦¦'/:" Steamers leave Broadway
. |_ Wharf. San Francisco:
fW_i- For Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
gg_ July 15, 20, 25, 30. August 4.
1_??£b25Hb_ Change to company's steam-
K'_S^ffa ers at Seattle. . . ..
&SS5iCT\ll For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
_BK3_kSi C.). Pert Townaend. Seattle.
Tacoma. Everett. Anacortw
•^ H£_ and New "Whatcom (Wash.)—
- . ~» 11 a. nx. July 15. 20. 25, 30.
Aug. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. Chans*
at Seattle for this comsany's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma
for N. P. By.; at Vancouver to C P. Ry. •
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m..
July 11. It 21, 26. 31, Ang. J, and every fifth
day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port- Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California. Wednesdays. 9
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crn*.
Monterey. San Simeon. Cayuco*. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East Ean Pedro. Ban Pe-
dro and 'Newport ('Corona ' only)— Steamer
Corona, Saturdays. 9 a. m. : steamer Bonlta.
Tuesdays. 9 a. m. ' ¦ - • . ¦ -¦
For Ensenada. Matrdalena Bay. San Jo*e del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each
For further Information obtain company's
The company reserves th© right • to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of, sailing
without previous notice. --.\ - -
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ... . _ . .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
City of Mexico, July 25. 1901.
No. Prize. No. Prixe. No. Prize.*
«4 ;..>¦ 40 114........ 40 .234 100
»67., .'.100 «14.. ....,, 200 616 '200
,622.. 20 707 20 728........ JO
,735... 100 865 20 9W »
'1021. 20 1177........ 40 1198 ..100
1304......... 200 1341........ 20 1454........ 20
1544........ 1000 1830 20 l«40 »
1692.; 20 1731 40 1758. 40
1932 40 2068 20 2237.... 24
2363..; 20 2482 20 2M2 40
2637 20 2646........ • 40 2786 20
2983........ 20 2996 .S 40 8050........ • 20
,8251........ 20 3283........ 40 8384.. 20
8735. 20 3792 40 2821 20
8936 40 4371 40 4453 20
4479... SO 4763 20 4884........ 40
60«7.. 20 5095 . 20 6200........ -20
6209.. ...... ' 20 8329 ;. 20 6333 20
S459 100 6883... 20 6601 40
(625 40 8917 40 614S.. 20
6422 ' 70 64,-H.,, 40 6870... 40
6835.. 20 6936 20 7395.. SO
744.6..../... 20 7475. 20 7549........ 20
,7376 40 7684......'.. 40 7830 40
7654 \. 20 7734 '40 7797 20
7800.'....;.. 20 7859. ....... SO 7865 20
7923 40 7984 40 1003........ »
1017 20 SOU 20 S10S ;'»
HIM SO 8278... 20 8379........ '20
8419 20 842S 100 8708 100
8740 40 8769 20 1948 30
8974 20 9098., 20 9S36 ZO
9291........ 100 9360 20 »*K> ¦ 20
it.'.OH 20 9706 40 9763 20
97IS8. 20 9798... XO 9033........ 100
10036 100 10122 20 10207 200
10267 2(1 UH3» 200 1041a 2(1
10C30 20 10534.'. » 10787 Z0
10830 40 11043 10 11226..." 200
11295..; < 100 11342 20 11482 ' 20
lltlifl 20 lir,.Vj 20UM3 20
1IMI 100 1170)1 10000 11733 20
11825 20 1224S 20 12364 20
124C2 ., 20 12618 40 12534 20
12644 ...100 18663 20 12728 30
13188........ 40 13292 40 13298 100
1330(1 4013389..' 200 13391 20
13611. 600 13793 100 13859 23
13975 10014044 40 14099 40
14295 100 14421 20 14647 40
14557........ .20 14669.. 40 14821 10
14944 100 15173 4015248: 40
15642... 20 162$/ 100 16353 40
16603 .20 16676 200 16726 20
16887......... 20 16963.. 20 16964: 200
17004.. ...... 20 17071 40 17087 »L'jM
17134... 40 17182..' 600 17189........ 20
17318 2017368 20 17369 40
17394 40 17558 40 17579... 1.... ' 20.
17657 20 17940........ 40 18001 200
18034 20 18037 20 18148 20
18157 20 18335 100 18377 20
18401 40 18698... . 40 18819 20
18909.. 4019057........ 20 19147 20
19220 20 19310 20 19353........ .20
19403.. 40 19569 100 19595 20
19774........ 200 19877 20 20087 "20
20272...' 20 20323. 20 20361 ,20
20374........ .20 20399........ 100 20494 ' 40
20633 20 20842 .20 20848... 20
20894........ 40 20909 20 21058..: 40
21082.. 20 21113.. 20 21170.. 100
21240 4021373 20 21439 ..20
21510........ 2021522 20 21568 200
21610... -4O2170O.. 40 21739 " 20
21796.. 200 21826... 40 22041......".. -^40
22159. 20 22241 40 22252......... 20
22377 .20 22490 20 22570 600
22579..' 100 22581 20 22665; ,20
23868 20 22885.. 100 23032 40
23123........ 40 23213........ 20 23227 < 20
23238..- 20 23376........: 100 23519 20
23520 .'. 40 23666. ...<... 20 23738......... -40
23741 20 23839 20 23906... 20
23982........ 40 24022.. 40 24034........ 100
24279.. 40 24432........ 40 24573 40
24673 4024765 20 24829 100
24889 .:. 4024949.. 100 25024... 20
25050 100 25208........ 20 25391 20
25412.... 20 25444.. 20 25742... ' 40
25847 .100 26010 20 26203 .100
26211 20 26272........ 100 26517.. 20
26845 20 27309........ 20 27435 40
27504.... -....- 20 27541.. .:....- 2027731... 2t>
27735 20 27778........ 100 27789 20
27845. 20 27855 20 28001.: 40
28018 ; 20 28033 20T28209 20
28212 20 28332 40 28527 20
28582 20 28665 .'20 28676.. 20
28757...:.... 20 28927 20 29135 40
29226 20 29274......... 20 29323 20
29430........ 40 29649 20 29843 20
29871........ 20)30065.:...-... 40 30127.;...... 20
30233. . % - 20 30251...;.... 20130260 40
30317 20 30540. 40T30643 20
30744 20 3C802 40I3CS59... 20
30916 20 31137........ 20131245.. 40
31286... 20000 31306 20 31481 ...1000
31577... 40 31640. .; 40 31671 20
31680 40 31682...:.... 40 31814 20
31822 100 31873..,. 100 31880 40
32000........ 40 32149 20T32245 20
32468 20 32690 20T32705: 200
82708 40 33018 20[33070.. 40
S3194 40 33210 20(33239........ 40
33243 40 33360........ 20J33492 20
33523 20 33576 ' 20133578.... -.... 20
3S614 20 33725 J00133S51......... 40
34098 20 34181 s 20 34265 ' 20
34266 :. .2034319... 20 34366........ 40
34521....:... 40 34369 20 34608 100
34S50.. 40 34668... 20 34684........ 40
35003 2035057 .... 40 35058 40
35112........ 4035279... 40 35326 20
25367......... 40 35385..." 20 35430........ 40
35909........ 20 35959.,'. 20 35978 20
36025 40 36053.; 20 36060........ 40
3C305 20 36381 600 36461 40
36522 4036628 ..- 4036635.. 1000
36666 40 36768 200 36855 40
36901...,".... 2037068. 20 37183 ..29.
37191.. 100 37240 100 37334 40
37394........ 4037548... 40 37620 20
38096.. ...... 60000 3S105.. ...... 40 38134 20
38168......... 4038202. .i 20
38465 40 38563 20 38697.: 100
38710........ 20 38P.43. ....... 20 38922 20
39006.:. - . 2O39D83 4039112..: ¦ 20
39191.....;.. " 20 3*237 40 39308... 20
39309 20 39380 20 39391 20
39584 ' 40 39667 2039712... ,20
39724........ 1 20 39961 100 40173.. 40.
40351 40 40515 20 40542 20
40668 40 40690.. 20 40753.....'...' 2C
40771 100 40876. 20 41000..;..... 20
411S0........ 4041141........ 2041211 100
41332 ' 20 41456.. 20 41461... IOC'
41347... 20 41588 200 41594: 40
41596 20 41742 «00 41847........ 20
?1914 40 41921 20 42007 20.
42018 2042178 40 42190.. 10O
42250 20 42336 40 42363 »»
42499 " : 4042540 40 42587 1(X>
42782 . 4042811 40 42824........ ?>
42872 20 43087 200 43089....... •. 10)
43227....:... 100 43291 ...40 43384.... 2>
43512 . 100 43523 ,20 43980 4}
44073.. .2044121 40 44146. 2)
44213. ..v... 20 44351 40 44461 2)
44393........ 20 44674... 20 44754........ 20
43095 4O451SS - 40 45196...:.... 20
43223 80 45282 4ft4Me«7n":... 2)
45374 20 45432 SO 45440........ Z0»
45770 2045818 .2045920... ' 20
46176........ 100 46563... "20 46343 ICO
46884. 2046923 20 47215........ 40
47241 .\ 20 47301........ 20 47873....:... 40
47979 40 4S019 40 48202 .40
4*333 20 48353........ 100 4S437 40
48464... 20 4S465... 40 48478 100
4S5a 40 48603 20 48607........ 49
48709........ 20 48718.. 40 4S7S2... pj4fl
4S7S6 40 4S851:: 40 48924..:.....; 20
4SS65 - 40 49306 20 4933S JO
49342..." 40 49426... ...... 20 49450 t 40
49610 ¦ 4049612 20 49634........ -10
49749........ 100 49777 1000 49823....;... SO
48S43 '20 50466........ 4050557.. 20
50589 :.. ;. 40 50644. ....... 100150667 11)0
6US00.. 20 50807 20 50833 20
50856 .-'¦ 500 50864 .'.. 40 508S8 £0
60923......... 20 60998... 20 51379 * <to
61561... 20 52132 200 52182 100
52235 '20 52323 :.. 40 52400 JO
52415........ 20 32495 40 52522 20
52712 20 52859 : ~ 40 52917........ 6 CO
53C87.V 4053093 100 53173 .... -JO
63217 •• 2053232 2053283... 20
53312........ 2053314.. '. 40 53466........ 20
63518 .2053622. 20i53677........ 10
63730.. 20 53875......... 100 E3321 :.. '20
53960 4054037 - 20 54222........ 40
54228.. ' 100 54366 ,M 54613 SCO
54670........ 20 54709........ > 20 54765 .-.. 20
54782........ 20 54940.....:;. 40 55168 .100
65241...:..., 20 5i3C7........ "40 55427 'J»0
55465.. 100 55474... 20 55484 20
E5529 ...' 2OI555SS......... 40155811...:.... 20
6587a.... " ~ 40 55S38 S0i55S13... . 20
55925........ 20.53957........ 2056178 ;»
66316.. ...... 40 56502 20 56560........', 20
55633 / 40 66698 40 56721........ 20
5R767.. 20 56970........ 100 56973.. -..,...- :ICO
67001 1C0 57348 40)57332 .... 20
57539... .4657700 .... 40157758 20
67786........ 20 5783S. \4OI583O9.....;..^ 10O
S8760.. 40 58764........ 40 58979 40
6S991........ 2059235. • 40 59264.....:.. 20
69295 - 20 5S334 100(59723 -40
59749. 20 59879 ".. 20159883. . 2<>
59918...: .20 59830..... 40 S99S5 JO
60275... .•»... 20 60372... 2C0 C0438 -20
60S38.. ...... 40 80723........ - 20 60858........ 40
6C891. ..:.... 2060938..- 2061063 40
61144........ 20J61242. ....... -20(61362 100
61458.-. 40 61531....:... 20161543 :.. »20
61570... 10OS61842.... ** 40161843 j 40
6223S 40162345... 20162436 20
62465.....:.: 20162562...:.... 40162634. ....... .20
62709. ..;..¦.."* 20163041.. ..:... ¦49163284 20
6366S. ....... 20163846... • 40I63S62 20
63898 20164088...: 20161136. JO
64213.....,..- ' 20164352.: 40164458. - 40
64478... 20164534.. 20 61672 -40
6471li. ...... -100 65C09.. ..'..:.. 20 63029 ioq
65057......:. 100 65248........ 40 65270... \4»
65461:...'. 40163507 40165640 20
$6642 1C016S674 50166157 , 20
66273.. 20I662S2.V 10CI66291.: -20
66319 20166668 - 40166715........ j Jo
6674S........ 20166752........ .20}66S50........ im
C6909.....:.. 40J670O6...;.... •20I67O35..:.....* 40
67077 ;...V..v ; ¦ 40 67094.:....:. 20[67151.;: ' 20
67174........ 20 67181... r.'.:. v 20167274..:..... '; 49
67S09. .....-•- 20 67323.:...... . "20:67347........ '*¦ *9
67499.... 100167617.-. 20167545 - 20
67653........' 20 67726........ 20(67779 , 20
67984.;.'./..; ' 20168027,..:.... 500168157...:.... ;i 40
6S24O. 20 6S261....;... IOO|6?3S5."....... 100
68485. ....... 200168545 .20168782.....-.-: 40
6S910.. ..:.--> "• 40168921..::.... 40169101......... JO
69210 100169249.... 20I6S263..: . M
69275.7....... ¦- 40(63284.. ...... 40169318.. 20
69411........ ¦40I69SS2.. ....... 20iCT939....;...i 40
69978. :¦•= J0I699S7. :...... -20I6S997 ../, 20
T0141... :..:.' 100I70225........ 40)70318.. ..:... *. 40
70326........ V20I7044O... .;:.. 20i70519........ J -20
70707.;. ; 40 707SS. ....... 40K0873.T.;.... <5i
70962..... T".. 40178984.......;. '- 20|7I2C6..-.;....i*- »>
-712W.. ...... 20171341.......: 1000171370........ JOO
71395......";. •; 100171438....:..; 20 71456... , 40
71538........... 20J7157S.'....... . 20171508 -40
71615: .40171714.,.;.... 100|7lS7V. ;,.... 40
NUMBERS
BENEFIGENCIAPUBLICAWoman Meets Death
in a Mysterious
Manner.
A woman whose identity is yet unknown
<3ied yesterday in the Emergency Hospital
from what is believed to have been lauda
num poisoning. The circumstances of the
suicide, if such it was, are shrouded in
mystery, and a man giving the name of
E. S. Allen is detained at the city prison
pending further investigation by the po
lice.;.
The woman was found lying at the point
of death In a room in the San Francisco
Led ring-house, at 737 Howard street,
about" 2 o'clock. Upon the arrival "'of "the
amUulance at the hospital Dr. Malaby and
Head Steward Bucher made every effort
to revive her. but after two hours she
died without regaining consciousness.
In Allen's room, where the woman was
found, the police discovered a demijohn of
port wine, and it is believed that.it also
contains laudanum, and that the woman
was jjoispned by drinking from the demi-
Johjn Allen asserts that he had laudanum
In his room, but that if the demijohn con-
DRINKS POISON
FROM DEMIJOHN
Cut His Wife With a : Razor.
, John . Meany, ' a marine ; fireman, was
booked at the : City Pr.'son yesterday morn
ing on a charge of assault with' a deadly
weapon. A He is accused of 'cutting' his
wife Norah ¦ on the wrist with a razor at
their i home, 235 <¦ Minna street, ".Saturday
night.' She at first charged him' with the
cutting, but later denied it. . ;¦,:
.Trapper's Qll cures' rheumatism and neuralgia.
Druggists, 50c flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay. •
Pacific Railroad Company at Kern City,
Kern County, died, at the Railroad-Hos
pital,. Fourteenth and Mission I streets,
yesterday morning. Saturday night he
was riding on his bicycle across the track
at Kern City while a freight train .was be
ing ! shunted. \ A detached car struck him,
knocking him off his wheel, and this left
leg. was crushed to a pulp. He was brought
to . the Railroad Hospital but died soon
afterward./ ¦ > ~ ¦
. J. > B. Hart, 19 .years of age, who was
employed as. a .-by the Southern
Dies From His Injuries.
Roberts in a Critical Condition.
..•".William ' J. Casey, president" of the Union
Gas Engine "Company,' has asked', the as
sistance of the police in discovering the
person who assaulted Eric G. Roberts, one
of their, employes, at First and Howard
streets on the . night of ' July 16. J Roberts
is said to be in a critical condition at his
home in Alameda, .and has been slowly
sinking, since' the assault. .No possible
motive can be. assigned by the company
for the • unprovoked assault. '.They j offer
J100 reward for information that will lead
to: the arrest and conviction of : Roberts',
assailants • " , •-. ¦>;
Southern Pacific Excursion v v Rates
From San Francisco All Over
the.State. ; N
On sale .for - Epworth Leaguers and
friends July 12 to August 15, fare and third
round trip. .Stopovers everywhere. \ Watch
announcements special excursions special
days. Literature and rates, Information
bureaus and - ticket ¦ offices 613 V ; Market
street and -Mechanics' . Pavilion. -.
.DIED r WHILE NO FRIEND \
;,: j OR RELATIVE' WAS? NEAR
ex-Governor, Lies at the
Morgue.
Body of John B. - Weller,. Son of an
John B. ' Weller. died : in a lodging-house
at ) 640 : Clay, street,"' where he had been
rooming off'; and on for; the- last eight
months, yesterday, morning. He had been
sick ! for • a long time and was discovered
dead in bed by J. C. Luhrs. proprietor of
the lodging-house. Death Is supposed to
be due to natural -causes. Arrangements
had' been made to take him to a private
sanitarium yesterday morning; but death
intervened. He was about 55 years of
age and a lawyer by profession. The body
was taken to the • Morgue. . f .
i Weller was a son of the late John B.
Weller, who was elected United .States
Senator from this State in 1851 and .was
Governor of the State in 1857. He was a
half-brother of Charles L. Weller. assist
ant District Attorney, who is at present
in the country on his vacation.
SWEDISH LADIES HOLD
. ; THEIR ANTsTUAL, OUTING
Day and Evening Spent in Sports' and
• Dancing at Shell Mound
,- ," - Park. V ; : ¦
The San Francisco Swedish Ladles' j So
ciety held its fifth annual picnic and mid
summer night's festival at Shell Mound
Park yesterday. More than 1500 guests
were present during the day and evening
and ample entertainment was afforded to
all. Valuable prizes of cash and fancy
articles were given away to winners in
the various athletic contests.
Interesting and-' amusing races were
held for boys, girls, ladies, men and-mem
bers. T.wo bands were present to furnish"
entertainment for the guests and music
for the; dancers. A considerable sum of
money was ' realized from the affair,
which will be used in the benevolent
work of the society.
That the outing was so great a success
is-due"*mainly to- the" efforts of the fol
lowing committees: .. , ¦ . •>. , .
* Arrangements — Mrs. Selma Hanson, Mrs. . G.
R. lilndbers, Mrs. C. 1 F. Armstrong, . Mr. and
Mrs. Anton Carlson. - ».
¦*. Reception— Mrs. Charles ; Anderson, Miss
Agnes Lunderen,' Mrs. Marie Anderson, Miss
Josephtna Anderson, Victor SJogren. H. Han
son, C. Jj.' Jacobean, N. Q. Turner and Charles
Armstrong. . ; • . . ' .
Flocr— Mr. and Mrs. , Anton Carlson,
Hulda Nelson, H. P. Forsberg, ' Sam . Forsberg.
evening and accused a Chinese and i a
white man of the murder. The court did
not believe his story, and as several wit
nesses testified that they had 'heard the
partners quarreling, Flanagan was con
victed. : ¦..-.-.
Was AgTiinaldo's Keeper.
Captain : J. . S. Mallory was formerly a
lieutenant ¦ colonel of volunteers, but is
now returning to. rejoin the Second Infan
try. Up to the time he was ordered home
Captain Mallory. had Aguinaldo in his
charge. Captain Mallory says that the
ex-insurgent leader: spends all his time in
studying and receiving visitors. His wife
and family are -with him -and he appears
contented. Some time ago the military
authorities gave him permission to r : go
around the town in company with an offi
cer, but Aguinaldo never availed himself
of the opportunity.
: Captain K. J. Hampton also came home.
He was quartermaster captain of the Slo
cum .when that I vessel came here from
New - York and then , went - to * Manila on
the Kintuck. He Is now on his way back
to Washington. Since he has been away,
from San Francisco Captain Hampton has
become a benedict. .: ' v:
Chief Steward Evans of the transport
has quite a collection -of curios that he
picked up. in the Orient. A Java sparrow
is the pet of the ship. The bird has beau
tiful old gold plumage and can do.every
thing but sing. Two or three chameleons
have the run of Evans' stateroom but
can never be: found when wanted. 5 A fa
vorite hiding place is a piece of rock, fash
ioned into- a Japanese •; stronghold, on
which grows a*dwarf pine and two other
trees, also dwarfed: >. .-
.•An attempt was made to bring a Fili
pino deer over from Manila on the trans
port. It was intended for one:, of the
Washington parks,; but died on the way.
A special house. was built for it and yards
of canvas - and warm rugs were : used ¦ to
keep the animal warm. -A veterinary was
in attendance night and day, but ¦ when
a fortnight out the buck died and all that
was kept of the carcass was the' antlers.
Many of the leading business and pro
fessional | men of 7 San Francisco and the
best-known men 'and women In crab : llfe
and society gathered ; yesterday afternoon
at St. Paul's Church to' pay tribute to the
memory, of Edward Harmon Sheldon. The
funeral was held at 2 :30 ' p. m. ,' and ' long
before that hour had arrived the church
was u filled .to the doors, and late-comers
were -not able to, gain admittance. Q j
The services were in. charge of Rev. A.
C. \Wilson,^rector ' qt Cfirist Church of
Sausalito,' who was one of the : intimate
friends of deceased. >A quartet from the
Loring Club, ', of which Mr. Sheldon was
vice president,.", furnished music. The
members of the quartet "were Clarence
Wendell, Ed C. Boysen, W. C. , Stadtf eld
and vWilliam Nielsen. '
The full Episcopal burial service was
read, followed by a low i mass, . impres
sively celebrated. V ';
The pallbearers were John D. Spreckels,
A. St. John Bowie,. Walter D. Gibson,
Harry . Holbrook, Claude Terry Hamilton,
Augustus Costigan, Charles K. Mclntoeh
and A. M.Duperu. Messrs. Hamilton,
Holbrook, Costigan, Mclntosh andDu
peru were members of the bachelor house
hold at "The Hutch" in Sausalito, where
Mr. Sheldon spent his summers and where
his fatal .illness began. -
The floral offerings were numerous . and
of great richness and beauty. '.'Wreaths
and bouquets were heaped against the
altar, rail until It was completely hidden
from .view. -' • . ** '
The Bohemian Club sent' a wreath of
sweet peas. - Miss Jennie Flood's offering
was a huge wreath of orchids, and Mrs.
Flood sent a large wreath of pink begon
ias. .- Mr. and Mrs.''Adolph Spreckels sent
a wreath of white -carnations and rcl
'roses, and , Mrs. jj Captain Buf ord one" of
Jacqueminots. * , J .-
The office vstaff of John. T>. Spreckels
& Bros. Co. gave, as their offering to ..the
deceased secretary the house flag- of, the
Oceanic Steamship Company worked
in white and red carnations and blue corn
flowers. . ¦ - ' it.. ¦-¦¦
Mrs. William Alvord sent a wreath of
roses; Mr. and Mrs. Samuel G. Buckbee,
pink roses; : Walter K. Gibson, pink car
nations;. Dr. Harry L. Tevls, Michaelmas
daisies and fern; James L. Flood, white
carnations;' Mrs. Walter L». Dean, pink
rcses; Edward M. Greenway; pink begon
ias ; Mr. and Mrs. Andrew Carrlgan, pink
sweet peas;. Mrs. J. E. de Ruyter, pink
roses; Mr. and Mrs. M. Hall McAllister,
white carnations: Mr. and - Mrs. ..S. Leon
ard Abbot Jr., sago palm leaves, tied with
violet -ribbon.'--* .... . .. .
The clerks of the Western Sugar Refin
ing Company gave as their offering a
great bouquet of pink roses.. The Paauhau
Sugar Plantation Company sent pink car
nations; the Oceanic Steamship Company,
mauve sweet peas; the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company, white carnations;
the Hakalau Plantation Company, white
sweet peas; the Honolulu Plantation Com
pany, red and white rosea; the Kilauea
Sugar Plantation Company, pink carna
tions.
The body was accompanied by many of
the. most intimate friends of deceased to
Odd Fellows' Cemetery, where it was in
cinerated. .... ,
Last Sad Rites Are' Held
for Edward Harmon
Sheldon. . v :
» ¦ • ¦•¦ ¦,'•-•„. ¦-¦:<¦ j ¦ •
Impressive -Funeral Service
vat St. Paul's Episcopal
Church.
FRIENDS MOURN
HIS DEPARTURE
THE SAN FRANCISCO MGAliL^ MONDAYyJTJLY 29, 1901.
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it. • .
Beductions in Assessments.
: William' M. Edgar, assistant clerk to
the ¦Board of Equalization, ;.has submitted
to the Board of Supervisors "'a-" report
showing the total -reduction of assess
ments to be $1,672,803: ' • , \ ./ • ¦ .
Personals.
¦ Louie F. Vetter.-a business man of Los
Angeles, is a guest at the California.
S. Bert Cohen,' a ' real estate ¦ dealer of
Carson City, Nev., is at the California. .
C. W. Maze, a real estate dealer of Mo
desto, is at the Lick, accompanied by his
wife. . ..-> •¦..,,
Dr. E. . W. Biddle of Healdsburg and
Fred Sutton; a mine owner. of Sonora, are
guests at the Lick.' ¦
Elmer K. Mote, manager of the Missouri
Valley Car Service Association," - is reg
istered at the Lick from Kansas City."
Colonel Charles R.' Greenleaf, 'assistant
surgeon general of . the United' States ar
rived from Manila with his wife yesterday
and took apartments at the" Palace.
HESIDENTS OF LATIN
QUAETEE ENJOY OUTINQ
Schuetzen Park Crowded With Mem
bers of Campagnia Graribaldina
and Their Friends. ,'
The grand annual excursion and picnic
of the Socleta dl M. S. Delia Compagnla
Garlbaldlna was held at Schuetzen Park
yesterday. There was a large number of
people present, who enjoyed the games,
dancing and music. The list of prizes was
large.
•The committees In charge of the picnic
were as "follows: ;
Games committee— AJ Suacct, L.. Cereghino.
Ang. Garbarino. L. Fig-one, Emilio Boltano, L.
Gulnasso, G. Fl&one, G. B. Ostlno. •
Gate committee— 8. Cereghlno, G. Cereghlno,
G. Cordano, Eduardo Efflslmo, G. Danerl, G.
Cordano. .
Floor committee— Fillppo Demartlni; O. F.
Ertola. Agostlno Flgone. N. Foppiano, Pletro
Perata. G. Perata, Dr. G. Cagllerl, N. Caprlle,
L. Bacigalupl, ¦ A. Olmo. .
Shooting committee— F. . Anflbolo, Ang. Dc
lucchl, A. Carbone. M. ' Canepa, V. Busalacchl,
L. Cereghlno. Ii. Rossi.. ,:Jv^. •;,:,-:'-
BB/OTUr AUffOST REACHES
, .' MAN WHO WOUNDS HTM
Two Hunters Prom South San Fran
cisco Save Exciting Encounter
— With. Cinnamon Bear.
Martin Flaherty and Ben von Harden of
South San Francisco had an exciting en
counter with a large cinnamon- bear. In
the mountains between San Gregorio and
Belmont Saturday, and it it is due to
Flaherty's cool-headedness and good
marksmanship, that the bear, and not Von
Harden, Is dead.
Von Harden first encountered bruin. He
was armed only with a shotgun, but he
fired a charge of shot into the bear's side.
The wounded animal charged ferociously
upon the hunter. Von Harden turned and
ran, but the bear had almost overtaken
him when Flaherty flred from a, distance
of fifty. yards and the bear fell' dead.
Flaherty's bullet -had struck It in the
head. The two hunters were exhibitin;'
the skin yesterday in South San Fran-
Cisco with much pride.
Wlli ASSUME DUTIES OF
CHIEF MEDICAL OFFICER
Colonel Charles B. Greenleaf Arrives
. . in This City to Succeed
• * Colonel Forwood.
Colonel Charles R. Greenleaf, assistant
surgeon general of the United States
army, who has been, in Manila for the
past two years, arrived yesterday. on the
transport Meade and registered at \ the
Palace with his wife. Colonel Greenleaf
comes to this city to assume the duties
of chief medical officer of the Department
of California, vice Colonel Willianv H.
Forwood. The last named was ordered
some time ago to proceed to Washing
ton to perform temporarily the duties of
surgeon general of the United States
army. Colonel Forwood's duties are now
being attended to by Colonel Girard. -
Colonel Greenleaf is well known in this
city, having been stationed at the Pre
sidio, for duty in connection with the lay-
Ing out of the sanitary arrangements of
the camps occupied by the volunteers.
tained any It must have been put there by
the woman during his absence. He denies
any knowledge- of the woman's identity
and says he never saw her until the even
ing before. • . • • ;
The woman wore a Scotch plaid waist
with dark skirt. She , was apparently
about 40 years old. of stout build and
with black hair and dark complexion.
1 , The -United States . army transport
Meade arrived from Manila via Nagasaki
yesterday morning. She brought over. 907
passengers all told as follows:
One hundred and thirty-five officers and men
of the Eighth Field Battery, seventy-six cabin
passengers, one second cabin passenger, thirty
five steerage passengers, three Filipino ser
vants, eight discharged soldiers from Nagasaki,
five workaways from Nagasaki, twenty-one
members of the hospital corps, nine casuals,
thirty-five insane, 208 discharged soldiers, 370
convalescents and one time-expired prisoner.
.' Beside these the transport brought over
the remains of 103 people who died in the
Philippines. Of these twenty-seven wore
killed in action or died from their wounds.
Lieutenant Elias J. Hlncken of the Forty
fourth Infantry died from the effect of
bolp wounds and Miss^ Helen D. Coclirane,
a hospital nurse, died from acute.nephri
tis. The remains of both came home on
the transport. • '»
The day after- the Meade left Manila
Frank A. Bradley of Company L, Second
Cavalry, died of acute meningitis. On
July 19 John Blue of Company K, Third
Cavalry, died from dysentery and on July
26. when the transport was almost within
sight of . home, T. J. Murphy of. Company
B, Fifteenth. Infantry, died from pneu-'
monia. , . -
Two of the bodies brought home on the
transport are unidentified. They are
marked "Bodies from graves- A and B,
Calinog, Panay."
The Meade did not see anything of the
transport Lennox on. the way across. The
latter vessel left Nagasaki on July 5, and
if she took the great •• circle ¦ route has
probably "run into heavy ; wea.ther. She
should be along any day now. *
The Meade did hot take the great circle
route home on account of the sick passyn
gersJ Nevertheless she came over In the
splendid steaming .time, of.'* twenty-one
days. Captain Wilson says that at 1 no
time did he take his vessel further north
than 37 degrees 50 minutes north and that
they had line weather all the way: Tlia
temperature was never below 70 until the
day before port was reached and in con
sequence the voyage was a very enjoyable
one. • V •
Heavy Weather Encountered.
Last Friday some very heavy weather
was encountered and in consequence the
Meade was delayed. .Had It? not been for
the storm, the Screw assert, the -. ve'sjel
would have been alongside, and every
body ashore Saturday night.; •"¦;¦'. ,
The cabin pasengers who came home on
the Meade were the following named:
Captain William ¦ I». Kenly, Second Lieuten
ant. John "W. Kilbreth Jr.. and Second Lieuten
ant Harry E. Mitchell, Eighth Field Battery;
Colonel Moale, Fifteenth . Infantry; Majors L.
A. Levering and F. F. Eastman, Twenty-eighth
Infantry; 8.' W. Taylor, W. P. : Evans, -J.; A.
Irons and Q. A. Dodd. Captains M. -'A.*. Bar
ber. J. S. Mallory, P.- ; S. - March, Charles ¦ IV
Menoher,- E. A. Miller, \V.' 8. Bratton, H. 1 C.
Clements, D. A. Frederick.. H.H. Sargent, H.
8. Hawkins, F. L. Parker, J. W. Craig and
S. D. Sturgls; First Lieutenants R. P. Strong,
E. . R. Schreincr, A. B. Henderson, . . D. P.
Wheeler, W. L. Beatty, D. Nolan; .Second
Lieutenant W. S. Bradford and Acting'Assist
ant Surgeon C. H. Stoeckle. - - ¦ j ¦¦ :¦ .
C. J. Holmes,' John Glbson,\S. G. Orr/K. J.
Hampton, J. G. .Constable," Dr. G. A.* Vawter,
Mesdames R. P. Strong. H. •. H. Sargent. W.S.;
Bratton. E. A. Miller and two children. D.-'A.'
Frederick and two children, ¦ M." A. Barber and
child and F. C. ¦ Payson. Miss . Julia . Sharp,
Misses Ide, Kllzabeth R.' Porteous, H. Cfl Mor
rison and C.:C. Foote. .¦..,
Cabin passengers from Nagasaki— Brigadier
General K. . R.\ Hall and wife. Colonel Charles
R. Greenleaf : and wife, ' Major Gallagher I and
clerk. Major A. > Reynolds, Captain-. H. C.
Fisher and wife. Lieutenant J. A. . Baer. Lieu
tenant : B. H. Dutcher, J Professor • Febiger,
United States Military ; Academy;, Drs/iHum
phreys and Gilbert. .United States naval eclipse
expedition; T..T. Keller," Mrs. J. A. Irons. Mrs.
A. D..Niskern,.Miss Gertrude Smith and Miss
Mary.' J. Castle. ¦'.. •¦'•_ . «7v' : ¦¦ _ : •¦.'.' . . Vj;
; T.T.Kellar Is a 8ecret"servlce agent of
the Treasury and has been on Uncle Sam's
business in the Orient:.;; He has in .charge
a prisoner - named ; John | Flanagan.'^ who Is
to serve a • twenty-five years', sentence i In
San :Quentin; ,: Flanagan"- and . I another
American were « partners tin; a -saloon at
' Chemulpo, "' Korea.*,- One: morning. Flana
gan .was found -: "sleeping ,: ofr> a - drunk","
while his partner i was iymg on * the floor,
murdered. * Flanagan was , accused '< of • the
killing and tried • before ; the United : States
(Consular Court. ¦ He swore he knew abso
lutely nothing' about the events ' of • the
Transport Meade Arrives
From Manila "With
Convalescents.
BRINGS HOME
SICK SOLDIERS
10
SPECIALS
FOR THIS WEEK.
450 pairs' LADIES' 'IMPORTED KID "GLOVES, "In. ioth
:.'.;' piaue seams ana dverseams, all good stafles, sizes
Price $L00 Pair.
Reduced from $1.75.
200 dozen LADIES' COTTON HOSE, fine gauge and
,^ Herasdopf fast- Hack, spliced soles, neels and toes,
.'fiotn plain ilack and Maco-feeL
Price 25c Pair.
. Regular Value S4.OO Dozen.
100 dozen LADIES 1 RIBBED LISLE THREAD VESTS,
ecru or wnlte, low neck and sleeveless,. also hlgn
neck wltn either long or snort sleeves.
, . ¦ rice 3vic iiacn*
75 LADIES' COLORED SILK SKIRTS, In nine different
. colorings. These skirts are unade from a good
> gualltfl of pure silk taffeta, have deep accdrdeon-
pleated flounces, and are perfectlu newxroods. Price
.to close v . '. :.\: K . Sgg
vJ>O»UU LaCll*
275 pieces Extra QualltU GROS DE NAPLES TAFFETA
RIBBON, full 5 inches wide, In fifteen of the leading
new shades. / ' : - v
Priee 35c Yard.
35 LADIES' ;FEATHER BOAS, In Gran, Natural and
• Black.. .These Boas. are the finest ever sold hn us
and measure full 45 Inches long. Mz —
Price $12.50 Each.
300 Dozen LADIES' HEMSTITCHED and EMBROIDERED
SHEER LINEN HANDKERCHIEF^, laundered Of
unlaundered.
Price 25c Each.
Ul, 113. !I5. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
80LOBSSS, 30WZS * CO" 3 SPECIAL 3 A7TX3 3AL S
Bay rum
St. Thomas Island— the best «r>r
to be had-reg'ly 35c bottle J
List e r i n e
Lambert— antlseptlcT-dlsInfectant 65c
To o th p o w d e r
Listerated— reg'ly 25c bottle 2OC
Ol <i To m g i.n
O range bitters
Field's— reg'ly $1 bottle q OC
Catalogue—complete price list for a
postal ,
43« Ptae »ja Sorter t8oo Callfornta San Francisco
Toineeath and Qay streets Oakland
AD VEBTISEMENTS.
' There Is one whiskey that always lives up to
its resutatlon— and that Is Jesse Moors..; ••
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Al> VEBTISEM^T&^^__
"Broken Eye-Glass Lenses
Replaced for Fifty Cents.
Any Astigmatic Lens Duplicated for
&/.OO to si.so.
Oculists* -Prescrip'B, Filled, Phono — Main 10,
Quick Repairing. Factory on Premises,
OPTICIANS Photog^c J^
>in ii •¦¦* .OClCNTiriC
64Z Market 5t. !m3tru»«mts
'Lwder CHROwcit BUH.DIH6. CATALOGUE Fr£C.
$100 REWARD!
' A reward of $100 will be paid for such infor-
mation as will lead to the arrest and convic-
tion of the party that assaulted ERIC G. ROB.
iSBTS at the corner of . First and Howard
"streets on Tuesday. July 16. 190L
¦ UXIOX GAB, ENGINE CO.
1A/. T. HESS,
K0TABT PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY- AT-L AW.
Tenth Floor. Room 1015/ Clau» Spreckel* Bldg.
¦ » .> Telephone Brown 831. ' i
' Residence, En California St., below Powell.
Can Francisco.
BAJA .CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
ISA. GREAT , RESTORATIVE, KTVIGORA-
tor fcnd Nervine. • '
The ' most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABKH, ALFS & BRUME, Agents.
S23 Market st., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
BOtDBERg
BDWEN
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Butter
Fancy creamery — reg'ly 40c square "3 CC
first-class table butter 3 for $1
F r u i t s
Alcalde— In rich syrup o rank for
reg'ly 20c 2J lb can & 3 cans.JOC
;O jr s t e r s
Our Choice— large cans— 2^C
G 6 f f eoe
Crescent— reg'ly 25c lb; — . 2 OC
own blending and roasting
SH rim p s
*¦-¦-• ¦. '¦• . f f ¦
Pansy— fresh are - *, lh ? f Qr ice
out of season ™ l ° 3 Tor Z 5 C
reg'ly ioc and 20c can I lb ICC
M o 1 ia ; s s e s
New Orleans— reg'ly 75c gal . r rc
can— good quality : - J J
Tom at o e } sfC :
Solid packed^eg'ly 35c jar 2 jars 55c
reg'ly ioc can 2J lb 3 for 2 5
C as t i 1 e s o a p
French— white— Ar , n
reg'ly 50c large bar \ 4 UC
j A n c h b v i e s
French— in'oliye oil— «^ c
reg'ly 40c and 65c bottle g c
A p.p e tit si Id
Very appetizing— extra fancy lot- « n >>
•reg'ly 25c can .; oc
C ornr-suQcat osh
Sea foam-finest quality \ 2 cans 2 cc
packed-reg'ly I5 c can doz " $i 40
r a n d>y
California— pure— old— • jrQ
reg'ly $i ;bottle— $4 gallon % gallon §*
Gibson rye-^reg'ly Ji^o-^ _ . *j ,.j r
full quart $5 gallon : - ' - - (#*
Mo-selTe
t-.''' ¦ t -"', - .reg'ly special
German hock -pints $3 doz U 50
type California 5 ' - '" 4
dry white wine : . gallon Vi 50 i- 1 * 1
P^o r t w i n e
California extra— reg'ly 4OC
60c bottle-^'i 50' gallon ' ' • '' fa
eOLDBSXB, BOWXK * C0*8 SPECIAL &1TZHS 8AU
IjL-j >bmk BHt • M$m. ' - , . >9^r BH hH ' HI . Mb ¦ ¦ - E9 KSM , y»j -.' , H3
I HAS BELEN REDUCED TO • 1
E5 .' ¦ ¦*'¦,,'¦' • S. '¦ . '•¦'••"' ¦ * - KSa
K.v3 ¦ ' ¦ ¦ - ' ' ¦'¦ ' ¦ ¦¦ ¦ • ¦ - •"• ' ¦ '- tag
I If your dealer charges you the I
I old price, S for 10 cents, don't I
j pay it; go to a dealer who; will I
I give you your money's worth I
: fricnd
Mb A he
ig^^^^ Gibson.
•!*^\A Gibson Shirt
QThey ere beautiful, original and
r up/to^iatej an American produce
Uoa far an American gentleman.
The shirt of «tyrle. strength aad
. rtisznab'.t price. The men's
• furnishing poi% stsrethat stay»
open untif 8 p. m.— clerks off at j
6 p. m. though. '¦^¦'¦rr-
John T* Gibson,
J2O4 Market Stre-t,
Neer Golden Gate Ave.
An honest m:n with hon:st pricei
Telephone Fohom 438.
M0ID1I I
AMB T&te Ctrtal Trate I
THOBp-^J
Yj,- LttYfRfal 9 tm, I
It arrives la • I
:tHIMU=~|
LI IF] 1 1 LU Itsh^sUndartfJ
¦ ; «f %enlC9 Is I
0N fully malnialftod. I
I WIFE I
,^BR ( ,,, f^^^W^m Special Bargains
wmN/Km- M
MMM'Mi lff^O^*™lmS^^? " Handsome Bedroom Suits— Brass
KfS5@&$3M Beds - Separate Bureaus, Chiffoniers,
g^^^^^. _^^^^g^^g Fancy Rockers, Foldin K Beds and .
qT|>^^ly--j. _^^^^^~ other household goods which you
jj \g^rL\ Jf • ¦ "^^^^^^^^^^^ can secure at prices never before of-
fh- 1 • > ' 4 ' T>rm>t Tvric« T^t«
Special Discbunts from; iotO;4O j per;cent for' cash.,;
;,- XTHEMONEY-iSAVINGFURNITURE AND HOUSE.:
v l; ; : .;--V* v^^ ''';¦;* •-'•...¦-• •¦:;¦¦•:• Cash 'of- Credit.- •.¦••. . ' -' ' '¦ : .- -¦'-
KJGEN FURN1TURE*I!O.,"S|;^S 1