LOOKOUT ELLINGSON MAKES
CONFESSION THAT HE HEARD
RIO'S SIGNAL OF DISTRESS
The San Francisco Call.
MARK ELLINGSON. lookout of
the Fort Point Life-saving Sta
tion, confessed yesterday to his
superior officer. Captain Jo
seph Hodgson, that on the fatal morn-
Ing when the steamshio Rio de Janeiro
-went on the rocks he (Elllngson) had
heard the startling distress whistles of
the doomed ship and had taken no notice
©f them. Captain Hodgson, on hearing
the awful admission, took the wretched
tpeaker by the throat and almost stran
gled the breath from his body.
The information that the Rio de Janeiro
had sounded prolonged whistles of dis
tress and that the signals had been heard
by the life-saving lookout has been sub
stantiated in every detail, both by the evi
dence of ¦witnesses before the official in
vestigators of the disaster and by the con
fession of Mark Elllngson. From the time
the first boatload of survivors of the Rio
came ashore to tell of the tragedy at the
Fort Point rocks until yesterday morning
E'.lir.gson has stoutly maintained that he
rever heard the slightest sound, on last
Friday morning, which would have caused
him to think that a Fhlp was In distress
close to- where he was on duty. His su
perior officers defended him and abus*
was heaped on those who had charged
EMr.gson with criminal neglect of duty.
Clairas He H^ard No thing-.
Captain Hodgson of the Fort Point
Iife-eavlttg Station has since Friday ;
begged and pleaded with Elllngson to tc'.l
him the truth- To all auestlocs put to
him El'.lr.gson had but one answer: "I
heard nothing out cf the ordinary while
I was on duty on Friday morning." •
On Wednesday Ellingson's comrades no
ticed a change in his demeancr. Elllngson
was moody and kept to himself. He did
rot Join in the conversation of the hardy
men who are ready to go out on the angry
Beas en the most stormy nJght to try and
save life. Ellinsoon's comrades thought
he was. brooding over the fact that for
tune had failed to help him In the mls
eion cf saving some of the souls on board
the Rio.
a. m. yesterday he sought Captain Hodg
son and eald, "Captain, I have something
to say to you." Ellingson then unfolded
the grave story of his action at the time
of the wreck of the Rio.
"I told you a lie. captain." faltered El
lingson. "I told a lie when I said I did not
hear the Rlo's whistles."
Captain Hodgson sprang on the man
who trembled before him and, grasping
him by the throat, choked him until he
was livid In the face.
"You cowardly dog, you cowardly dog!"
exclaimed the captain as he threw Elling
son to the floor. '
Heard the Long Whlstle3.
When released. Ellingson told his story
in a few words.
"I heard the long whistles, but I did not
pay much attention to them. I cannot
tell you why — I don't know."
Before Captain Hodgson had time to
realize fully the awful Importance of the
confession, ¦ Ellingson had passed out of
his presence and made his escape from the
life-saving station.
Captain Hodgson reported the confes
sion to his men and Ellingson might have
felt the weight of their wrath If they
could have laid their hands on him.
The life-savers were wild with anger.
J3ut for the neglect of Ellingson . they
could have upheld their reputation and
saved many lives when the Rio de Ja
neiro took her final plunge.
The confession was reported by Captain
Hodgson to Major Blakeney. who Is su
perintendent of the Twelfth Life-saving
District, which Includes California.
Major Blakeney Astounded.
Major Blakeney, who had defended the
honor of the men under him, was as
tounded by the news brought to him by
Captain Hodgson. For the honor of the
life-saving service. Major Blakeney hopes
that it will be proven at an investigation
that Ellingson was blameless.
Ellingson has been In the life-saving
service for six years. He had the repu-
ENGINEER HEELIHY
VIOLATES ORDERS
Witnesses Give Conflicting Testimony
Before United States Inspec
tors Who Are Investigat
ing Cause of Wreck.
The official Investigation of the wreck
of the steamship Rio de Janeiro was com
menced yesterday by O. F. Bolles and J.
K. Bulger. United States Local Inspectors
of Steam and Sail Vessels.
The Investigation was held at the office
of the inspectors in the Appraiser's build
ing. The witnesses under examination
were Second Officer Coghlan, Chief Engi
neer P. H. Herlihy and Pilot Frederick
Jordan. .... '-~"J.
The testimony was mainly on the lines
followed by these v/ltnesses before the
Coroner's Jury, but it was technical to a
degree. Chief Engineer Herlihy, after a
rigid examination, was forced to admit
that he had violated the orders of th6
Pacific Mail Company by being in his
room on the Rio de Janeiro when she
started to come into port last Friday
morning, the orders requiring him to be
at the engines. Engineer Herlihy and In
spector Bulger entered into a hot argu
ment as to a statement which Bulger
claimed was made to him last Monday by
Herlihy, but which -»vas denied by the en
gineer.
There Is a remarkable" discrepancy be
tween the testimony of Graham Coghlan,
second officer of the Rio de Janeiro, and
that given by Pilot Jordan as to the
Pilot Jordan, who testified after Cogh
lan, swore that he Bet the course at NE.
course eteered when the Rio de Janeiro
started from her, anchorago on Friday
until Bhe struck. Coghlan v.-as on j the
bridge of the ship and testified yesterday
that from the time the vessel started un
til she ran on the rocks the course
given- to him by Pilot Jordan was north
east, and that it was not changed until
the moment the ship struck, when Jor
dan called out to alter the course to NE.
% N., then immediately changing It to
NE. by N.
tation of being a fearless man In the face
of danger. Two years ago he resigned
from the service and went to Alaska. . He
returned to this city a few months ago
and Captain Hodgson recommended him
for reinstatement in the life-saving ser
vice. Ellingson, who passed the civil ser
vice examination, was again placed on
active duty early In January. He is about
36 years old and unmarried.
Ellingson has been suspended from duty,
as under civil service he cannot be dis
missed without an Investigation.' -
Continued on Second Page.
INSPECTORS OP, STEAM VESSELS LISTEN TO THE PILOT OF THE RIO
DE JANEIRO AS HE EXPLAINS THE COURSE HE TOOK, WHEN HE
STARTED THE .VESSEL FROM HER ANCHORAGE FOR PORT."./"
The testimony of ecores of soldiers at
Fort Point barracks that they had heard
the distress whistles and had been awak
ened from clumber by the noise; the sworn
evidence of the ofHcers and passengers
of the Rio that the whittles eounded con
tinuously after the vessel struck had
their effect on Ellingson- When ElllngsoK
went on fluty yesterdav morning he,wa*
In a despondent mood. What phased
through hi« mind while he kept his loneiy
vign within a short distance of where the
Rio tank Is known to him alone.
When Ellington came off watch at 8
posed to me. I accepted him. I should
have known better. He said that owing
to the publicity of the divorce he did not
want to cause any more talk than .was
necessary and suggested that we marry,
by contract. I at first . refused to listen
to him, but he finally persuaded me to
agree to the contract marriage.' He drew
up the paper and we signed it in the pres
ence of a witness. . This was on March 26,
189L He kept the contract, .saying that
he would place it in the safe of his office.
A short time afterward his second oldest
daughter, Dora, commenced legal pro
ceedings against him, making serious al
legations. The suit was tried ' before
Judge Sweensy and resulted In a dis
agreement of the Jury. It was afterward'
dismissed. While my husband has not
treated , me right, I believe that the suit
brought by his daughter was unjust, as
she afterward said that. she expected to
force her father toi' pay her several thou
sand dollars. 'After that we came to San
Francisco and lived "for a time at 209 Va
lencia | street. Jjj My husband did not care
for city life and we went to Bakersfleld,
Kern County ,"<: where our three' children
were born. There : he followed the busi
ness of searcher of- records and formed a
partnership with Mr. Bender. * They are
still partners; but have of late been de
voting most of their time to speculating
in oil lands.
"In my, complaint I allege that my hus
band Is now worth $100,000. but I have been
informed , that - his holdings are. worth
closer ; to $500,000. . It"; was at . Bakersfleld
that he first commenced to abuse me and
treat £ me in an ¦ inhuman manner. We
were living, in a small cabin on the out
skirts of the town. Here is a photograph
of It. The Inscription on the back of it,
•Picture of your old "home. I stole it for
yo'u. God |rbu. May you soon have
a better " Rome,', tells the story of how I
received It after I was driven from home.
It was sent me by: a lady_ friend. I hope
that i that "prayer will . soon I be granted,"
said Mm. Hewitt, wearily, as she read
from the back of the picture, "I want to
go home-^-I want to go to a better horae,"
she added as she turned In the bed. ?'Go-3
knows 1 1 want to go home— but not until
my ; wrongs have been righted. ¦ My
babies,"- she "exclaimed as she burst into
tears, "am \ I i never, to ;«ee you. again?. I
must (and; I "will have, you with 'me once
.mbrei^ There Is Justice and I know it will
be done, me." ¦',",- i -A* •• ¦:¦;':.¦¦-¦*_
¦¦¦; Husband' Commences Abuse.
After the paroxysm of srief had passed
clvil suit filed on Wednesday last in the
office of County Clerk Deane.
Attorney William D. Grady, who is rep
resenting Mrs. Hewitt, filed the suit for
divorce on Wednesday on the grounds of
cruelty, desertion and failure to provide.
In the complaint " the allegation is mad-)
that the community property, consisting 1
of both real and personal property, is val
ued at $100,000 and Hewitt is asked to pay
,$250 a month alimony for the support' of
his wife during the pendency of the liti
gation. An order was Issued , by Judge
Dunne on. the filing of the complaint en
joining and restraining all persons hold-
Ing or having in their possession or under
their control moneys or property of Hew
itt from transferring, encumbering or dis
posing of the same until further order of
the court.
Unfortunate Matrimonial Ventures.
The marriage of the plaintiff to Hewitt
was her third venture in the matrimonial
line. Two of her husbands are dead. Both
of them met violent deaths. •
"I seem to have been singularly unfor
tunate," tearfully said Mrs. Hewitt yes
terday. 4 '1 must have been born under an
unlucky star. My, flr6t husband s was
killed five days after our marriage. I
married G. W. Howell June 27. 1886, In
Benton County, Or. He was a woodsman.
He was cutting ¦ a treo when It suddenly
toppled over and crushed him to death.
Exactly a week after our marriage I fol
lowed his body to the gravel I worked at
various employments after that. Af t*>r
two years and nine months of widowhood
I married Rudolph VoUroth. Our life was
a happy one.
"We had been married less than a year
and a half when we determined to leave
Oregon and make California our future
home. We were traveling over the moun
tains, when my second husband dropped
a revolver from his pocket. One of the
cartridges was accidentally exploded. The
bullet entered his hip and blood poisoning
set In, causing death. After burying him,
I proceeded to Redding, Shasta County,
where I met Hewitt. He was engaged In
business as".. a' searcher of titles. I I se
cured employment in his office as a copy
ist. He and, his wife, did not get along
happily, together. They had been married
eighteen years and nineteen children had
been born to them. All of 'the children
were, not living. If- 1. remember right
there were twelve of . them still living at
the time I .first met him. Mrs. Hewitt
sued him for divorce on the ground , of
cruelty* and she 'was'j awarded- a decree!
Hewitt', had \ a _[] home U in > Redding ' 'and?
another one in "the outskirts^ of ithe town.'
His' divorced' wife remained'; at ':he ; out 6f
'town home with;' the younger ; children.'
Two of his daughters. Lily and Dora, kept
.house for" him. :>v . _ ,'.? .V'; . .• ' '-'¦
"'..' i'A* Bh'ort time after the ' divorce he'pro-
PRINCIPALS IX HEWITT DIVORCE
SUIT. THEIR CHILDREN AND IN
CIDENTS OF THEIR LIVES.
While Mrs. Hewitt did not make many
friends during her residence In Bakers*
field those that she did make sseak well
of her. The present Mrs. Hewitt was for
merly employed In a hotel. A baby girl
was born to the couple a faw weeks a«io.
Hewitt Is at present out of town. Hs ' *
reputed to b« very wealthy. H» and hl-i
partner are large stockholders in the Kern
Oil Company. Hewitt made a European
tour last year and after visiting the Part*
Exposition paid a short visit to his ag&4
parents in Ireland.
BAKERSFIELD. Feb. 2S.— The news of
the divorce suit brouzht by Mrs. Mary
E. Hewitt against her husband. John B.
Hewitt, of the firm of Bender & Hewitt,
did not create any great surprise here.
The couple separated about two years
ago, Mrs. Hewitt going to San Francisco,
while her husband remained here to at
tend to his prosperous abstract business.
It is not positively known where' the chil
dren are. but there Is a general belief
that they are in Los Angeles and being
well looked after by their father. Th»
fact that It was a contract marriage was
common gossip at the tSma Mrs. Hawiti
left here.
Among Bakersfleld Bssidents.
HEWITT IS WEALTHY.
Divorcs Suit Occasions . No Surprise
Hewitt has been married again. That
fact has been disclosed, by the records of
Alameda County. A license to marry
Irene Mabel Hedrlck was issued to him
June 20 last. The age of the bride la
given as 23 years and her residence De
lano, Kern County. They were married
the same day by Justice of the Peace
John W. Stetson. The certificate of mar
riage is on file In the Recorder's ofilce.
Residents of Bakersfleld variously esti
mate the value of Hewitt's estate. They
all agree, however, that through fortu
nate investments in oil lands he has
amassed a fortune much larger than that
given by his wife In her complaint.
Hewitt Has Another Wife.
"You will have to excuse me from an
swering that question." replied Grady.
"for, as I told you before. I do not wish
to discuss the litigation in any form,"
"If It is ascertained that Hewitt has
married again without securing a divorce
from your client, will you proceed against
him criminally?" was asked. /
able to prove every allegation In our
complai.it Wh»n tie matter cotr.es up
for trial ex-Judge Van R. Paterson will
assist me in presenting the claims of Mrs.
Hewitt. In the meantime we will en
deavor to locate tho three children."
'"I -do not "want to say anything about
the matter," Bald he, "until it is heard in
'court. I ~ have/" thoroughly investigated
the case and J. am satisfied we will be
'Attorney W.-D. Grady. who will make
the legal, fight for Mrs.:. Hewitt, declines
to discuss the case,
The unfortunate mother became hyster
ical, and for a time It was impossible to
quiet her. She continually called— first for
Myrtle, then for Gladys »nd "my baby
boy, who. la named after papa, although
ho has been an unkind, cruel papa," ¦
Cries Piteously for Her Babies.
"The proof? All the proof required will
be forthcoming at the proper time," re
plied Mrs.' Hewitt. "My husband dare not
deny our marriage. I never had the con
tract in my possession. It may be that he
destroyed it, but that it existed will be
shown in court. He will be put in a seri
ous position, for he Is, so I understand,
married again. Ho never secured a di
vorce from me. If he did it was through
fraud, for I was never served with any
summons. It may be," she added, "that
when he secured the release to the" com
munity . property he thought himself on
safe ground. But I am going to battle as
long as life Is left in me. to see that tho
wrong done me and my children Is light
ed. Babies, poor, unfortunate little ba
bies, where are "you? Can you not hear
your mother calling to you? Answer—an
swer quickly, or I shall go mad."- ;
"Where are the children?" was asked.
"I would feel. easier if I knew," replied
Mrs. -Hewitt. "I have endeavored to find
them, but cannot' get any trace of them.
They are not in Bakersfield. Friends of
mine in Kern County have made inquiries
for me, but they are unable to learn any
thing -as to their whereabouts. I ap
pealed to the local Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Children to aid me.
The officers sent several letters to agents
In the interior, but met with no encour
aging reply. I presume that the babies
are being cared for in some private insti
tution. I would like to know just where.
Sick, weary, and tired as I am. I would go
to them. -You cannot understand how my
heart yearns for them. I must and I
will see them again."
"Have you proof of the contract mar
riage?" was asked.
Mrs. Hewitt continued her narrative. "It
was in August, 1892, when my first born.
Myrtle, was about five months old, that
Hewitt called me vile names and after
cursing me slapped me in the face. He
was infuriated and choked me until I be
came unconscious.' From "that time on he
continued his abuse. He struck me and
beat me and on one occasion dragged me
from the house. It was in February, 1890.
that we separated, lly husband accused
me of infidelity and drove me from our
home. Before driving me away he forced
me to sign a paper relinquishing all my
title to the community property for a con
sideration of 5250. He forbade me ever
returning to Bakersfleld. threatening that
he would have mo arrested and put me to
great trouble. He would not allow me tc
take the three children born to us— Myrtle,
Gladys and Johnnie. Myrtle Is now aged
8. years, Gladys 6 and Johnnie 4."
Complications are said to be growing
and it is feared that the friendly arrange
ments of the boundary dispute cannot ba
made. The foreign Consuls here to-day
offered their services with their bubjects
to guard the city in case of necessity.
The patriotic sentiment is at the highest
pitch.
BATTLE IN PROSPECT
IN SANTO DOMINGO
PORTO PLATA, Feb. 23.— The Santo
Domingo Minister of War, who la at
Monte Christy, has cent a war vessel to
this port for reinforcements and artillery,
which are to be sent to the frontier ter
ritory in which recent disturbances hava
occurred. It is announced that the Gov
ernment will send six thousand men to
the front.
PLEA OF DISCARDED WIFE
TO HAVE WRONGS RIGHTED
Action Brought by Nary E. Hewitt Against Her Husband, a Wealthy
Oil Spectjlator of Kern— Says He Drove Her Away and*
H Despite Contract Ham
. 5MALL, poorly furnished room In
J\ i downtown ' lodging-house 1b all
J^\ '.hat Mrs. Mary E. 1 Hewitt can now
¦A- jX. a u home. -She la 111, both In body
ind m!nd. Cast aside by. her hus
band, John B. Hewitt of Bakerefleld, who
has won a fortune through lucky oil spec
ulations; deprived of the comfort of her
three babies, and dependent 'upon the
charity of friends, she Is battllng"for life.
Her will power Is a far greater remedial
agent than the medicines prescribed by
her physician. She says that she must
live to right the wrong done her. The
preliminary steps have been taken to
force the delinquent husband* to defend
his name and character, and In addition
give to his wife from, his ample means
sufficient to support" her? during the few
months that Intervene between her "and
the grave. Mrs. Hewitt lives, In hope of
again meeting her children. That accom
plished, she is willing and satisfied to
give up the battle against adversity. Her
life history v ls a Bad on©. If the charge
she makes against her, husband Is .true,
he Is a bigamist and it is not Improbable
that a criminal action will follow the
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1901.
PRICE F1YE CENTS.
VOLUME L.XXXIX— ISO. 91.
LIFE-SAVING LOOKOUT MARK ELLINGSON, who was on .duty at Fort Point
when the Rio de Janeiro went on the rocks, confessed yesterday to his superior, Cap
tain Hodgson, that he had heard the whistles of distress sounded by the steamship and
had not heeded them. After making the confession Ellingson left the life-saving station and
has not since been seen.
The investigation into the cause of the loss of the steamship commenced yesterday be
fore the United States Inspectors of Steam Vessels. Startling testimony was disclosed. Chief
Engineer Herlihy claimed that he heard no orders given to clear the ship or man the
boats when the Rio struck. Herlihy admitted that he was not at his post of duty when the ship
started to enter port, as required by the rules of the Mail Company. Pilot Jordan and Second
Officer Coghlan gave conflicting testimony as to the course steered by the Rio. The pilot also
claimed that he had requested a passenger to go to the bridge and tie down the cords of the
whistles some time after the vessel struck the rocks. This statement is disputed.
Diver Fails to Locate Wreck of the Steamship— Con=
flicting Testimony Is Presented at. Offi
cial Investigation.Continued From Page One.
LOOKOUT ELLINGSON CONFESSES.
RIVERSIDE, Feb. 28.— The spread
of the Christian Science faith in
California . is evidenced by the
splendid new church which was
dedicated here on Sunday. It
was built at a cost exceeding $10,000, and
Is the most notable edifice yet erected by
the Christian Science people on the Pacific
Coast. It is; on tha mission-Moorish type
of architecture and handsomely furnished.
The dedication ceremonies were of an im
posing character ami hundreds of Chris
tian Scientists from all over Southern
California were present. Dr. Abraham A.
Sulcer, lecturer of the Boston Society for
Psychological Research, delivered the
principal address.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOULDER. Colo.. F»" . ,23.— John Klt
rldqe. a mining engine*;, and his assist
ant. John Fields, were carried down Crit
tenden mountain, two and a half miles
above E! Dorado, by a anowsllde to-day.
Kliridpe caught hold of a stump and
Raved himself, but Fields was carried 1O»
feet to the bottom of a gu'.ch and buried
by the slide. His body wr.» recovered
this evening. Fields was from Holton,
Kar.s. . '
Two Men Have a Thrilling Experi
enca Which Results Fatally for
"IV- >•'!•£ One.
SWEPT DOWN MOUNTAIN
BY A GREAT SNOWSLIDE
' RKRLIN. Feb. 2S. — About noon to-aay
Kmporor William had a narrow escape
from serious injury while crossing Unter
<3«>n Linden, when his carriage came into
collision with an electric car near the
school to which he was returning. The
brake of the car did not work effectively
and the Emperor's coachman barply suc
ceeded in stopping the horses. As It was
the c.ir fhnoK the carriage "roughly and
romewhat damaged it. Th* Emperor was
thrown rt gainst th<» side of the carriage
nr.d slightly bruised.
Kaiser Is Sligntly Bruised in a Col
lision While Crossing a Street
in Berlin.
ELECTRIC CAR BUMPS
INTO GERMANY'S RTJLEH
SACRAMENTO. Feb. 28.— Five days ago
John de Rosa, In full possession of his
faculties, followed his occupation^ of men
der-of harness at laleton, this county.
To-day 5 he is a mindless automaton. If
placed in a chair he will sit bolt upright,
without the moving of a muscle apparent
ly. If uplifted to a standing posture he
will so remain until bent Into the chair
again. If his arm or hand is raised it
will stay fixed until lowered by the agency
which seizes it. Lift his eyelid and it will
stay raised until a finger moves it down
again. He will not talk nor does he show
any sign of consciousness of his surround
ings. He Is simply a machine, devoid of
all intelligence.' and no mind seems to con
trol the action of any nerve or muscle.
The lunacy board tMs afternoon directed
him to be sent to the Stockton Hospital
for the insane v and thither the human au
tomaton will be conveyed by a Sheriff's
deputy to-niorrow.
Human Automaton.
Mender at Isleton, Is Now a
HAS NO CONTROL OF ,...;:
. MIND OR MUSCLE
John de-Rosa, Formerly a Harness
has granted an alternate writ of mandate
requiring A. M. Brltt, president of the
City Trustees, to sign Jin ordinance which
requires all saloons to close at midnight •
Mr. Britt says he will, appeal the case. '
m
Placed on the Retired List.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2S.— An order was
Issued at the War Department to-day
placing Brigadier Generals James H. Wil
son and Fitzhugh Lee on the retired list
of the nraiy. • . .¦¦-'-:. ->r '.ri;':..'.:-,.-; '¦•". -:-.¦•¦><
Holman Acquitted.
.STOCKTON, Feb. 2S.-£-BenJamln Hol
man, charged with the murder last No
vember at Bellota of Walter Tull by
shooting, was to-day acquitted by a jury
after being out ten minutes. The evidence
showed self-defenso.
Must Close at Midnight.
WOODLAND. .Feb. .28.— Judge G&ddia
wounded the Minister of Public Instruc
tion, M. BogliepofT, yesterday while tho
latter was holding a reception, has been
arrested.
M. Bogliepoff was formerly rector of
the Moscow University and later curator
of the Moscow Educational Department,
where he distinguished hlmselr.by a strict
enforcement of discipline. He was Min
ister of Public Instruction- when the law
was passed punishing obstreperous stu
dents with military service. He recently
ordered the unsparing enforcement of
this law and approved many sentences
against the students.
»
Minister Bogliepoff of . Russia, Who
Was Shot, Enforces. Strictest
Laws in Military Schools.
ST. PETERSBURG. Feb. 23.— The man
named Karpovich. who> shot at and
SEVERITY TO PUPHiS
CAUSES THE ENMITY
The investigation of the cause of the
lire will not be held until more bodies
have been recovered^ To-ql^ht only two
bodies, those of the Ronl brothers, remain
in the Morgue, all others I having been
bvrled or shipped away. The Inquest will
not be held until more bodies have been
recovered.
About thirty experienced men are en
gaged in the search and some bodies may
be brought up late to-night. The only
troubles seem to bo In pushing the black
damp back. To do this every room will
be sealed and as the entrance from the
seventh level to the sixth level Is beyond
the place where the fire occurred, it is
the purpose of the relief gang to take the
bodies out from the sixth level into the
seventh level. It is certain that the
bodies will be found back from where the
i;re occurred.
I> \MOXUVILLE, Wyo., Feb. 28.— Up to
i n';''--k ',!iis afternoon no effort was
made to open up No. 6 level. At that hour
Superintendent Sneddon, accompanied by
Superintendent Thomas Young and ex-In
spector Parks entered the mine and un
sealed the sixth entry, and at 9 o'clock
word was received that room 38 had been
reached. : . will be Impossible to take out
any bodies until room 45 Is reached, which
will be some time after midnight.
Slowly.
NEAR BODIES
OF THE MINERS
Work at Scene of Diamond
ville Disaster Progresses
BROTHER OF A GROOM
VICTIM OF AN ASSASSI7I
Mysterious Shooting of a Young Han
in Oklahoma Soon After His
Relative's Wedding.
GUTHRIE, O. T., Feb. 28.— William
Herrell was married Sunday night and
returned yesterday with his bride to
Rocky. O. T. Lest night a party gathered
and some one fired a pistol. The ball
passed through the side of the house- and
through the body of George Herrell. who
was asleep in bed on the first floor, killing
him instantly. The young man was a
brother of the grrooir. The mother col
lapsed and Is expected to die from, the
shock of her son's d?ath.
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2S.— The House
cleared the decks to-day of. a number of
important, conference reports without
much difficulty. The conference report
on the war revenue reduction bill proved
generally acceptable to both sides, | and
was adopted without division. Richard
son, the minority leader, acquiesced in it
as the best that could be done, although
he stated that the minority still believed
the war taxes should be reduced $70,000,000.
Final reports on the diplomatic and con
sular and agricultural, appropriation bills
v--ere adopted.
The major part of the day was devoted
to the bill to promote the efficiency of the
revenue cutter service. The friends of the
bill were very persistent and in face of
many difficulties hung on to It with bull
dog tenacity and finally forced the bill
into such a parliamentary situation that
it will be voted upon after five-minute de
bate to-rjorrow.
Reduction Adopted Without
Discussion.
Conference Eeport on War Revenue
WASHINGTON, Feb. 2S.— The serenity
of to-day's proceedings in the Senate was
In sharp contrast with the tempestuous
discussion of yesterday. An Immense
aK.ount of business was disposed of and
not a point raised was sarply contro
verted. The river and harbor bill, carry
ing appropriations of more than $50,000,000.
was passed without a word of discussion,
and the Senate adopted the conference re
port on the war revenue- reduction meas
ure without dteturblng in the least tho
millpond smoothness of the proceedings.
"Final conference reports were made and
agreed to on the diplomatic and consular
and the agricultural appropriation bills,
and another conference on the postofflce
bill was ordered. Conference reports on
several other measures were agreed to
and several bills of a minor character
passed.
The last hour and a half of the session
was devoted to consideration of the sun
dry civil appropriation bill.
A resolution offered by Allen of Ne
braska, calling upon the Secretary of the
Kavy for copies of Gunner Charles Mor
gan's letter to Rear Admiral Sampson,
seeking promotion, and the admiral's In
dorsement thereon, together with all cor
respondence bearing en the matter, was
adopted.
HASTE IN THE HOUSE.
Senate Passes River and
Harbor Bill Carrying
Immense Sum
MILLIONS FOR
THE WATERWAYS
Soon r.ft»>r 4 o'clock this morning Mr.
Evarts suffered a relapse which caused
him to sink rapidly. At 6 o'clock he re
lapsed, into unconsciousness and prow
weaker until at n:10 o'clock, without re
gaining consciousness, he expired. Frnm
the time he- became unconscious the dy
ing mans wife and children were with.,
him in the room. There are four daugh-'
ters and a like number of sons. The lat
ter nrc Allen. Sherman, the Rev. Dr. Pres
cott and Maxwell Evarts. and the daugh
ters are Miss Mary Evarts. Mrs.' Beaman
Tweed and Mrs. Scudder.
The funeral win take place at 10 o'clock
Saturday morning from Calvary Protes
tant Episcopal Church. After the ser
vices here the family will go with the re
mains to Windsor. Vt., where services will
be held again. Interment will be in the
family plat in the cemetery there. The
pallbearers will not be chosen until to
morrow afternoon.
His death was caused by pneu
monia. For several years past he had
been without the usc» of his eyes and was
otherwise so feeble that he was unable to
leave his home. Up to the time of death
he was the nominal head of the law firm
of Evarts, Choate & Beaman, although
for many years "he had not been in active
practice.
NEW YORK, Feb. 2S.— William M.
Evarts died at his home In this
city to-day.
Mr. Evarts was S3 years oM.
Like Webster. Evarts was very careless
In his personal attire. • nnd his shabby
beaver hat surmounting his long, spare
figure was often the subject of comment.
Evarts was honored In receiving the de
gree of LL. D. from Union College In 1857;
from Ya!o, his alma mater, in 1865; from
Harvard in 1&70. In the Cleveland-Blaine
campaign of 1SSI Mr. Evarts remained
stanch to .his Republican principles, and
in the oxcitinir canvass of .New York
State was one of the most prominent ora
tors. After Mr. Blaine's defeat, he an
nounced his Intention of entering the
arena for the United States Seimtorshlp
from New York State. • . ' ' .
Evarts was considered one of the most
brilliant of orators, and his attendance
was much sought for in meetings of all
kinds. Many of his speeches have been
published, notably his eulogy on Chief
Justice Chase, centennial oration at Phil
adelphia, etc.
William Maxwell Evarts was born at
Boston. Mass., February 6. 1S13. his father
being Jeremiah Evarts. He was gradu
ated from Yale in 1S.T7 and was admitted
to the New York bar In '1841. He was
counsel for President Andrew Johnson In
the latter's impeachment trial before the
United States Senate in 1SGS: United
States Attorney General under President
Johnson In lSf!S-f,:t; United States counsel
at the Geneva tribunal in 1S72; counsel for
the Republican party before the United
States Electoral Commission in 1S77; Sec
retary of State under President Hayes In
lS77-fl. nnd United States Senator from
New York In 18S5-M.
; "When I went out yesterday,". the pilot
said to the Coroner and jury,- "I . found
the wreck in five minutes."
The hope that the .bodies in the'Rio's
hull would be speedily recovered was shat
tered yesterday by the report of the diver
who was sent down by the Pacific Mall
Company at the spot which Pilot Jordan
declared covered the sunken ship.
¦Whltelaw's wrecking barge was towed
out yesterday • morning . to , Fort Point by
the tug : Mlllen Griffith. An attempt to
place the barge over the spot marked by
the pilot was unsuccessful. The hawser
between; the barge and the tug parted
twice ' and - the barge drifted a : considera
ble distance before the tugr caught up and
brought It back. Operations were sus
pended until :5 p. m., the barge ¦ mean
while being anchored in a sheltered cove
inside the point.' - - <-* ¦
When . the flood tide slackened. Diver
Consolation was felt when Pilot Jordan
stated at the Coroner's Inquest on Wed
nesday that he never had the slightest
doubt as to the exact location of the rock
on which the ship struck.
Uilll.
The wreck- of the steamship Rib de Ja
neiro and the bodies. of the scores of peo
ple in her shattered hull still lie unlocated
in the'watera of the Golden Gate.- "
cated by Pilot Jor
dan.
"I never heard any order to clear
ship," said Herlihy, "perhaps thafac
counts for the loss of so many lives.
From the time I left the captain on
Thursday night at 9 o'cLbck, I never
caw him again."
The evidence of Second Officer Coghlan
was that the ship had anchored in deep
water on the night she came close to
land and had started In a heavy fog tho
next morning to come into port. Coghlan
was most positive as to the. course indi
cated by Pilot Jordan, as it was Coghlan's
duty to transmit the pilot's directions to
the quartermaster at the wheel. lie also
testified that the lead was not used to
take soundings while coming in. Coghlan
also teatlficd that the entire crew re
sponded promptly to tjie call of the cap
tain to abandon -ship, and that there was
no confusion among the crew. He also
stated that the passengers were called
from iheir rooms to enter the boats. He
fixed the time from the striking until the
ship went down at twenty minutes.
Pilot Jordan gave practically thtf same
evidence as he did before the Coroner's
jury, except that it was in nautical terms
and went into degrees and points and di
rections ot wind. For the first time since
he landed on shore since the wreck he
stated yesterday how he had asked a pas
senger to tie the whistle cords down.
Chief Engineer Herlihy had- an uncom
fortable time while under examination in
that the same questions were piled on in
rapid order until he gave the required an
swer. He stated that the ship always car
ried 145 pounds of steam and never less.
"She had 145 pounds on the morning we
came in," said Herlihy.
"How do you know that?" replied In
spector Bulger; "you were not In the en
gine room when she started.
"But we never carried less than 145
pounds of steam," retorted Herlihy. |
"Did you not say to me last Monday
when you were in this office that the ship
did not have steam up when she started."
asked Bulger: "and you also said to me
that you 'hooked her on' while coming .
"I never said anything of the kind." re
plied Herlihy. -
"Yes, you did, and you know It." re
torted Bulger.
A lino of examination then followed by
Inspector Bulger to find out from Herlihy
why ho was not at the engines when the
Rio started to come Into port. Herlihy
tried to answer the questions by telling of
the trust he placed in his. assistants, but
Bulger fired the same question back at
the witness. ¦ ' • • ¦
Herlihy sat" many times that he was
present to F.pcak the truth and would do
so. and flna'.lv Bulger asked him if the
rules of the 'Pacific Mail Company did not
require chief engineers to be at their en
gines when a ship came into port.
Herlihy admitted that such a rule ex
isted, and then Bulger said to him:
¦ "Were you at your post when the Rio
started to ccmo in?" . • - -
"I was not." replied Herlihy; "I was !n
my room." He was then allowed to leave
the witness stand..
The examination will be resumed to-day
at 1 d. m. ¦ - - ¦ - ' . . . - .
LOCATION OF WRECK *'.£•.&..
* IS STILL UNKNOWN
Diver Cowlwood Fails to Find Any
. Sign of the Rio at Spot Indi-
"I said to him," testified Jordan,
'•' 'You go on the bridge and tie the
cords of the whistle down,' and ha
did so."
Officer Coghlan, who was sitting near
Jordan, flushed to the roots of his hair
on hearing this remarkable statement.
Coghlan had testified that when the ship
struck Captain Ward had tied down one
whistle cord, and he (Coghlan) had fol
lowed the captain's example and tied tne
other whistle cord to the rail.
Chief Engineer Herlihy also made the
startling statement that he did not hear
a single order given to man the boats or
abandon the ship after she struck.
on starting and maintained It until he
was sure he was off Point Diablo, when
he changed it to NE. by N.
"I kept NE. by N.," said Jordan, "for
fully fifteen minutes and then hauled up
N.NE."
Pilot Jordan also claimed that when he
was helping people into the boats a pas
senger came up to him and asked if he
could be of any assistance. .
Wada Isaburo, a Japanese student
mourns the loss of $1500. which *m/i he
had deposited with the R'u de Janeiro's
purser when he took passage on the ship
in the Orient. Isaburo I?ad eaved the
money and intendecl.to use it in taking a
postgraduate course m' chemistry at Johns
Hopkins University. He is now without
funds and'is anxious to secure a position
in a laboratory.
The Pacific Mail Steamship Company
turned over to thj clerk of the United
States Circuit Court yesterday $2271 65
wages due the white members of the
crew that were lost. Heirs and other ap
plicants for the same will be heard by
United States Circuit Judge Morrov at
9:30 o'clock every Saturday morning.
Resolutions defending the name an«l
ability of the late Captain William Ward
of the Rio de Janeiro were passed yes
terday' by California Harbor No. 15 of
the American Association of Masters and
Pilots of Steam Vessels. "The resolutions
refer to the disaster of - last Friday
through which Captoln Ward lost Sis life
and express the regret of the, association
over -'the heavy mortality which followed
the loss of the ship. The public is asked
Vy the association not to pass ha'sty judg
ment on Captain Ward or be guided by
the statements of ' irresponsible or un
scrupulous persons who may haveyeasons
for casting blame for the loss of the Rio
de Janeiro on Captain Ward. The reso
lutions state that the captain was ham
pered by having a Chinese crew on his
ship.
' Tho directors of the Italian-American
¦Bank yesterday opened a fund for the
purpose of rewarding the Italian fisher
men who .saved many lives ¦when the Rio
de Janeiro sank. Subscription lists will
,be sent to the various commercial bodies
and to the principal business men of San
Francisco. The following donations were
announced yesterday: Italian-American
Bank, $100; Mayor James D. Phelan, $100"
the Chinese Six Companies, ?200.
In addition to revrarding the fishermen
a fund will be started for the Fishermen's
Mutual Benevolent Association and gold
medals will also be given to the men who
saved life.
William Brander, the young English
tourist who was among the saved has
presented Antonio Sylvia and Adam Fer
nandlo. owners of the boat Belvedere
with $200. '
Bio Sank.
Fishermen Who Saved Lives
of Many Persons When
PILOTS AND MASTERS
. DEFEND CAPTAIN WARD
Fund Is Opened to Reward Italian
The men , of the lifesaving- station at
Fort Point stated yesterday that on sev
eral occasions when they were watching
for bodies they have seen fishermen pick
up boxes and rifle them of their contents.
This statement is borne out by the fact
that a number of empty boxes which
have presumably come from the wreck
have been found along the beach.
During the afternoon the lookout at
the station saw what he thought -to be a
body floating in-the distance. A boat was
sent out. but before it reached the point
the cbject had been carried away by the
swift current.
The positive statements that the wreck
had been located prove to be erroneous
and the sepulcher of tne victims of last,
Friday's disaster is yet to be found.
The wreckers stated yesterday that If
the hull of the Rio is found it will only
be possible to work thirty minutes each
day, fifteen minutes at slack water of the
ebb tide and the -same period at slack of
the flood,. The current yesterday, ran from
four to seven" milps an hour.
When his helmet was taken off Cowl
wood reported that he had not seen a
sign of the wreck or a body. He sug
gested that he would go down again to
day and that the tug should tow him
around the spot where the Rio is sup
posett to be. The second descent was
made in more than 100 feet of water and
the diver bled from his ears on coming to
the surface.
Cowlwood descended to ihe bottom of the
bay where it was thought the Rio was.
He remained down (eight minutes and the
line showed. that he .was in six fathoms
of water. A second attempt was made
by the diver, and after twenty minutes
had elapsed those on the* barge and tug
were hopeful that he had located the
Wreck. Signals were sent down to him
on the lifeline, and as he failed to an
swer them It was tuougnt advisable to
haul him up". -The strong tide by this
time had set in and it was 'with difficulty
that those on the tug brought the diver
to the surface.
WILLIAM M. EVARTS. THE DISTINGUISHED ORATOR AND STATES
MAX. WHO HELD THE STATE DEPARTMENT PORTFOLIO UNDER
PRESIDENT HATES, DIED OF PNEUMONIA YESTERDAY.
"Nothing has ever meant more good fo*
Kansas City commercially than the plan
contemplated for uniljcation and enlarge
ment of the Memphis system Much val
uable additional territory will be opened
to Kansas City manuf.icturerR. The pres
ent organization of the road vrfl] be main
tained throughout."
Th*» Memphis road to-day purchased
the Dwkersville. O*ceola and Northern
road, which runs from L>eckersville Ark
to Luxora. Ark., forty-five miles 'north
cast of Dcokrrsville, on the Mississippi
River. The road was owned by the Ponci-
Decker Lumber Company.
The consolidation will jrlve the San
Francisco road use of the valuable Mem
phi<« terminals in Kansas City, entrance
to the Union Depot and a controlling Jn-
If r *; sl .ii lhe Kansa!: City Belt Railroad.
B. L. \\ tnchell. president of the Memphis
Railroad, wired the following statement
to-day re^ardinff the deal:
The Memphis and San Francisco cor.
eolidaticn will make a Fystem of 3»2
miles of railroad, of which the Memphis
contributes 12^0 miles. The Memphis ex
u nds from Kansas City to Birmingham.
Ala., with branch lines In Kansaa- and
Missouri. The San Francisco has lin. t,
from St. Louis and Kansas City and E1N,
¦worth. KaEF., into Arkansas. Oklahoma
the Indian Territory and Texas. It was
Xormerly a part of the Sania Fe system
The Memphis properties included "in the
deal are Kansas City. Fort Scott and
Memphis; the Kansas City. Memphis and
Birmingham; the Kansas City. Clinton
and Snrinpneld; the Current River Rail
road; the Kansas City nnd Memphis Rail
way and Bridge Company, and. the Kan
sas City Belt liailrcad.
ICAKBAS CITY. Feb. 2S.-Annouric<?me it
was made to-day of the purchase of con
trol of the Kansas City. Fort Scott and
Memphis railway system by investors who
are interested in the St. Louis and San
Francisco Railroad, a transaction whi. h
result In the consolidation of the San
Francisco and Memphis systems. It Is
eald that the majority interest In the
Memphis was purchased for the San
Francisco by H. C. Pierce of St. Louis.
J. & W. Seligman & Co.. J. Kennedy T«-d
& Co. and Calir & Co. of New " York,
banking houses, who are heavily inter
ested in the San Francisco. •
Memphis Line Consolidated
With the St. Louis and
San Francisco.
TWO RAILROADS
ARE COMBINED
oasre adds that it is not feaslnl* before
ConeTess adjourns to plve thf shipments
by ports in detail. A table shows all thf
snirmer.ts to South Africa, the chief ones
r.finp horses, mules, wheat, canned bee*
and rum. The Items of gunpowder and
firearms are very small.
, J, P 5; tvrwin r *-tnb<T 13. It». an<! January 31
1XO. herpes. md<-s and other mpplips t o the
rrter.t or 13,95.02 went to South Africa
¦ ?lS* St.*** hav< * '^^n taken to prevent the
law-fu! ekpoHatloa of horses. «t<\ ¦
4. The numlH-r of horses ar.'i mule?" shipped
from our r«>rtc this pr-riod was 76 632
1. Our port* have bf>*-n us«l for th* exporta
tion of horses. mu!.s or other supplies for use
In f-ojth Africa.
the House.
.WASHINGTON. Feb. 2S._Secr^tary
iiatre to-day suhmitted to the House a
rpply to the resolution of inquiry as to
whether our ports or waters have b^<=n
u^ed for the exportation of horses, mules
or other supplies for use in South Africa.
Gape says:
Secretary Gage Sends Information to
SUPPLIES FROM AMERICA.
I.OXDOX. March 1.— The Daily News j
Bays: ""We leam that. Commandant Gen- j
era! P.otha offered to surrender on cc-r- j
tain renditions, . nnd that pourparlers I
are stfil In prrgrpss. It is bflioved that \
Mrs. Botha tool* proposals from her bus- j
bar.d to Lord Kitchener." \
'A spfcial from Oudtschorn, Cape Col- I
ony. says: General Dewet. it is officially j
• jsorlfd. having; failed to cross the Or- i
*ir.sr*» River at Palterppoort, is hurrying to I
Hoentfonteln. The Orange River is fa!!- j
Irs fast. • . ]
j A special from De Aar s-ays: T^atest a<3- I
Tic-os indicate that, though a few of Gen- j
crnl Devet's m<*n l\n\c succeeded In !
Crossing the Orange River. General De- |
•» - <=t hampeif. President rttoyn an*} the buik j
of their fore, j!:c!udinp HertZOg's com-.!
wniK'.o,- are camped nn the pouth hank. !
wnltir.g an opportunity to cress. Accord- !
lr-P to Inhabitants who reside alongside- J
th*» river, this will I ¦ impossible for at J
lfast four days. The indications are that j
Df-wet intends moving eastward, with the j
object of crossing the line between Kor- j
valspcnt and Xaauwpoort. Thornycroft j
Is posblnc from the west, while several !
columns are ready to meet the Boers in I
ever;- direction.
I-nst nipht there was a terrible storm.
heavy rains* exlc-ndirip ov*r .1 wiile area.
Anr\ it Is expected that the river will
apain rise. The combined forces of Gen
eral Dowrt and Commandant Ilcrtzo^ are •
now rapt of Phillipctown. about forty
RUes-Bortheast of h^ro. Th*> total num
ber of their rry-n is about 2<W
*«]&'/& 1 r 1 estimate of
£S,(»».m for the expense* of the war was '
lFsued to-day. Transport and purchase !
or remounts « wallow Up £2.OOO/kh) and
provisions and forape cost £1.001 ooo' This
brings the total voted for the financial
year up to £?5.3 ( ''(U33. :
PfCfSa! Pispatch to The Call.
Dewel and Steyn Closely
Pursued but They Will
Probably Escape.
Sends His Wife to
Kitchener With
Proposals.
BOTHA OFFERS
TO SURRENDER
ON CONDITION
Duke Lan has been arrested and'awaits
punishment. Prince Tuan has not yet
been taken.
SHANGHAI. Feb. 23.— The native news
papers publish a second list of officials
whose punishment is' demanded by the
powers. It . includes Lu Chuan Ltn.
Grand Councilor and President of tho
Board of Rites.
manded by the Powers.
CHINESE ON THE LIST.
Leaders Whose Decapitation Was De-
ROME. Feb. 28.— An official note Issued
to-day denies the report that the Italian
Government contemplates territorial oc
cupation of the bay of Nimrod. an impor
tant harbor south of Nir.gpo, province of
Cheklang.
LONDON. March 1.— The Shanghai cor
respondent of the Standard says reports
from native, sources assert that LI Hal
Chuan. a protege of Prince Tuan and Gen
era! Tuner Fu Hslanpr, has started a re
bellion with 50,000 men near Lanchan-Fu,
province of Kansu.
Fifty Thousand Men.
Li Hai Chuan Takes the Field "With
STARTS A REBELLION.
A provision In the diplomatic appropria
tion bill makes an appropriation for th<»
purchase of a site for the American lega
tion In Peking. The bullrlinsr heretofore
occupied belongs to former Minister Den
by. In a recent note to the powers th!*
Government urped the principle that ter
ritorial acquisition by any power by pri
vate negotiations should only be with in
ternational consent. It la not likely that
any objection will te made to the pro
posed purchase by the I'nlted States.
Th* Instructions to Mr. Rnekhill are the
result of Information Indicating that rep
resentatives of snnjf of the powers con
template urgingr that h number of pro
vincial officials be beheaded.
mjREATJ. 1VA G STREET, X.
W.. WASHINGTON. Feb. 2S.-Bloodshed
In China will cease If the sufrsestlons ad
vanced by tU President are adopted by
the powers. Presia-nt McKlnley is strong
ly opposed to any -norr *>xf cutions of Chi
nese and a caM^ram has Iven sent to
Mr. Kockhill cutHninjr th* views of this
Government. The upeclal commissioner
was directed to say to his colleagues that
in the opinion of the President sufficient
blood has been shel | n expiation of tho
antl-foreijm outran* nnd that the Presi
dent hopps that c.-ipital punishment wiM
not be imposed upon any more criminals.
It Is believed that Russia and Japan wi'I
support his position, and an effort will
be made to induce Oreat Britain to de
sert Germany on this point.
Sp»e!al Dispatch to The Call.
Humane Policy of America
Will Be Supported by
Several Powers.
Bloodshed to Cease
's if President Has
;. His Way.
WOULD STOP
EXECUTIONS
OF CHINESE
The provisions of. the bill as agreed
upon will' take effect on the 1st of next
July.- ¦¦¦¦.,.•.." '¦ ..¦ .¦¦•.¦¦¦ '¦ • •
.The total reduction of the revenues as
made by the bill as agreed upon, will
amount to about $41,000,000, as against a
reduction of J40.000.000, as it passed ' the
House, and $45,000,000 as amended in the
Senate. -.* "-¦ — . ••¦ . «.•>.<
Protest— Tax repealed. • ;
Warehouse receipts— Tax repealed.
Proprietary medicines— Tax repealed in ac
cordance with House action, the Senate amend
ment being disagreed to.
Perfumery and cosmetics— Tax repealed.
Chewing gum— Tax repealed.
Legacies— Law modified so as to exclude from
taxation legacies of charitable, religious, ' lit
erary or educational character.
Leases — Tax repealed.
Manifests— Tax repealed.
Mortgages— Taxes repealed.
Steamship passage . tickets— Exempted below
$5D In value and the rate fixed at 60 cents for
each- $50 in cost for that price and over.
Power of attorney— Tax repealed.
Telephone messages— Taxes repealed.
Insurance— Tax repealed on all kinds of in
surance In accordance with the action 'of the
House, the Senate conferees receding on all
Telephone Tax Is Off.
Promissory notes— Tax repealed.
Money orders— Tax repealed.
Bills of exchange, foreign— The rate fixed at
2 cents ¦ for each $100, In accordance with the
Senate amendment.
Bills of ladlnK for export— Repealed.
Express receipts— Repealed.
Telegraph messages— Repealed.
Miscellaneous bonds— Tax repealed except
upon bonds of Indemnity.
Certificates of damages - and certificates not
otherwise specified— Repealed.
Charter party— Repealed.
Conveyances— Exempted below .$2500: above
$2500. 25 cents for each $500, in accordance with
Senate ; action.
No Tax for Brokers.
Commercial brokers' tax— Repealed In ac
cordance with original action of both bouses.
Certificates of stock transfers — Tha rate of
2 cents for each $1000 is* retained, and the
Senate amendment making the law Include the
transactions of bucket-shops was accepted by
the House conferees.
Sales of products at exchanges — The Senat«
creendment exempting sales of merchandise In
cctual course of transportation was accepted,
but the rate of 1 cent for each $100. as fixed
l.y the present law, was retained, the Senate
amendment making the rate 2 cents being dls.
npreed to. ¦ '
Bank checks— Repealed In accordance with
the House action.
Certificates of deposit— Tax repealed. -Vt.: :
Cigars — On those : weisshini? more than three
pcunds per thousand the House rate of $3 per
thousand was retained, as against 13 30, as
fixed by the Senate, and $3 60, as in the pres
ent law. On those weighing less than three
founds per thousand the Senate rate of 18
cents per pound was allowed to stand, as
Mtninst the rate of fl per thousand, as fixed
by the existing law, which was not disturbed
by the House.
Cigarettes— On those ¦weighing not more than
three pounds per thousand the Senate action
HxlnK the rate at 18 cents per pound prevailed.
The House did not change the existing law.
Beer— The Houfe rate of $1 CO per barrel and
repealing the 7Vi per cent discount j was re
tained.
Bankers' capital — Present law retained, the
Senate receding from its amendment.
Tobacco— Twenty per cent discount of the
ordinal tax of 12 rents per pound, an ajrnlnwt
23 per cent reduction, as fixed by the Senate
pnd none as the bill passed the House. The
ltte agreed upon will make the tax $3 fO per
J>X> pounds, as stated In these dispatches yes
trrtlay.
:The report of the committee shows a
compromise all along the lines of the bill,
the changes in the present law being as
follows:
WASHINGTON. Feb. 2S.— In the Senate
to-day Aldrlch Interrupted the consider
ation of the river and harbor bill to pre
sent the conference report of the Senate
and House on the war revenue reduction
bill, which was read. The Senate prompt
ly agreed to the report, there being no
objection.
Reduction ifi Various Taxes
Will Amount to Forty-
One Millions.
CONGRESS CUTS
WAR REVENUE
HAVANA, Feb. 2S.— Senor Capote. Pres
ident of the .Cuban Constitutional Con
vention, at 2 o'clock this afternoon
handed to General Wood the declarations
of the convention on the proposed rela
tions between Cuba and the United
States as adopted yesterday afternoon.
The presentation was informal and no
remarks were made. General Wood has
notified the authorities at Washington
that the declarations will be translated
into English and mailed to Washington.
Translated and Sent to Wash
ington.
Frocetdings of Convention to Be
DECLARATIONS OF CUBANS.
As this arrangement can only be satis
factory to this Government by accept
ance without changre of the American
terms It Is evident that the President and
his Cabinet look, for their Incorporation
in the Cuban constitution.
The contents of the dispatches could
not be ascertained, but notwithstanding
some of the expressions contained in the
clauses of the constitution referring to re
lations between, the republic and th«
United States which seem In conflict with
the propositions of this Government the
officials believe that an arrangement sat
isfactory to Cuba and to the United States
will be reached.
"Cuba will come around." was the
cheerful prediction made by Senator Platt.
Encouraging dispatches were received
to-day by Secretary Root from General
Wood. Governor of Cuba. Officials of the
War Department made the same predic
tion as did Senator Platt after he had
concluded his conference, apparently bas
ing their statements on special informa
tion.
Senator Platt of Connecticut and Sen
ator Spooner, after an hour's conference
late th's afternoon with Secretary of War
Root, both asserted -that there would be
no modification of the attitude of the
United States.
CALL. BUREAU 1J06 O STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON. Feb. 28.— Cuba must
accept In their entirety the terms of
fered by the United States. This Is the
ultimatum of the executive and legislative
branches of the United States Govern
ment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Officials Hopeful That the
Island Republic Will
Soon Comply.
This the Ultimatum
of the Washington
Government.
CUBANS MUST
ACCEPT TERMS
OF AMERICA
CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS
DEDICATE NEW CHURCH
Edifice Built on Mission-Moorish Style of
Architecture Is Opened at Riverside.
Secretary of State in the Hayes Cabinet
Passes From Life at an Advanced Age.
ELOQUENT EVARTS' VOICE
IS STILLED BY DEATH
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY; MAKCH 1, 1901.
PICTURESQUE HOUSE OF WORSHIP WHICH CHRISTIAN SCIENTISTS
OF THE SOUTHLAND HAVE JUST DEDICATED WITH IMPOSING
CEREMONIES AT RIVERSIDE.
2
{, To Prevent the Grip >
Laxative Dromo-Qulnine removes ' the cause.
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
Tak* Laxttlve Hroaio Qulnlnt Tablets. All
curclktf refund th* money if it falls to cuie.
E. W. Grove'B e'.gr.ature Is on each box. Sic •
M Dependable Dregs
Open all
Nig ht.
I The Owl Drug Store
never closes. You can have your
drugs and medicines delivered at
your home any hour of the day or
night — experienced pharmacists
always on duty.
We keep and sell everything at
cut rates. '
Ayres' Cherry Pectoral 40c
Plnkham's Compound 75c
Cuticura Soap i5 c \
Carter's Pills 15c
'. Peruna . o$c
• eelladonna Plaster 3 for 25c
• Syrup of Figs 35=
Pears' Soap 15c ;
Apenta Water 20c
King's Consumption Cure 40c .;-;
Carter's Lithia Tablets 25c
Sozodont ' 20c
• Hoff'sMalt 25c )
Free delivery to railroad points withra
100 miles on all orders of $5 or up.
H X_^, 1128 Merhet Stroot
I | T^~^» San Francisco
9 lOth and Brondwny Oakland
DR.MEYERS &C0. j|plP^
Specialists. DIseaaa 1
and 'weakness • of Qg&ff . |r>
men. Established )?\£k
1SSL Consultation • »»¦ #05" K*^
and ¦ private • book • \3w t : I /.-A
free, at ofnee or by iSwli J$v2lA-
mall. Cures jruar- lW*irJ§fflfc3
anteed. 7:il War- N«&.£i* f!i 4}'
ket street (elevator AS^r&8£$?
entrance). SanSAGASTA, XN COUNCIL * = :
-"• • "c .WITH SPAIN'S QUEEN
Ep Is Reported to Have Suggested
Governmental Changes From
the Liberal Standpoint.
MADRID, Feb. 28.— Senor Sagaata had !
a conference lasting an hour with the
Queen Regent to-day. . He presented . his
views | to her" Majesty In . writing. They
were not communicated to the press. It
Is. believed, however, that he pointed out
that there. Is .room for a change in the <
Government's policy from the Liberal
standpoint, but if the Queen judged It ad
visable the present chambers would vote
the budget.for 1902, and Senor Sllvela
would form a Cabinet If supported by the
conference of the majority.
Betrothed, to' an Actress. I
LONDON, March 1.— In the Daily Tele- '
graph this morning the' Marquis of Head
fort personally announces his betrothal
tcC Miss Rosa Boole, the actress.
Walter Dinmore was seen last night In
his rooms at the Palace.. He said he can
not understand why. Mrs. .-.- Dinmore left
him. He asserts that when, he married
her sh'j was aware of, his financial condi
tion and knew he was J4000 ln> debt. He
told her. he says, that/he expected to pay
all his debts by June 1.
Mr3. Dlnmore's closest friend In Den
ver is Mrs. , "Jack" < Campbell, who met
her at the depot to-night. Mrs.-Campbell
was until six months ago the -wife of.
Henry C. Brown, the octogenarian, who
built the Brown Palace Hotel.' Brown
R-ot a divorce on statutory grounds and
Mrs. Brown married Campbell the next
day In Wyoming.
Concerning her' plans for the future,
Mrs. Ulnmore would only say. that her
busim-ss affairs were safely: in the hands
of an attorney and that she -would take
immediate steps to see that they were
made "permanently safe." She would
not say whether, she would seek a divorce
in the Colorado courts. •
"I iound within an 'hour of my marriage
to Mr. Dlnmoro," she said, "that I" had
made a mistake and I have come here not
only to avaid him 'but to rectify my mis
take as soon as possible. I fully thought
I loved him, but, ugh! the newspapers
had hardly published the news of our
marriage before his creditors began
swarming- after him and me. I certainly
did not marry him in order to - pay > his
debts, and, besides, he was very disagree
able. 1 ' c
She said sire was glad to get back to
Denver, and when Phe settled herself In
an armchair. in the handsome residence
at 1130 Downing avenue, which X. H.
Cone left her when he died, she sighed
as though she meant lt.' ?
DENVER, Feb. 23.— Mrs. Madeline Mor
gan-Vlncent-Cone-DInmore, fresh from
her third matrimonial venture, arrived in
Denver from San Francisco to-night, ac
companied by her mother, her maid ser
vant and her brother. She was seemingly
as placid and untroubled' as a lark at
break of dawn an'd was quite free with
her expressions of relief at escaping from
San Francisco and the importunities of
Walter R. Dinmore, her latest husband.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Mrs. ; Dinmore Says Her
Husband's Creditors Are
Too Numerous.
DRAWS A LINE
AT HIS DEBTS
son, J. Little. Mr. and Mrs. M. S.
Hammer, Miss Cora Hammer, Miss Ga
rrutte. Dr. and iiry. Fred II. Metcair.
Miss Meta Turner, Miss "Helen Howe, the
Misses .Sheenan. the Misses Grau. MIpb Alice
Stephrnfon. Mr. an<i Mry. Fred Williams.
Miss Williams, Miss Carolle Wilsey. MlP3
Sallie Beaumont. Miss Maritta Colcloush. tlie
Misses Ebner. Miss Ida Herndon. Miss Flor
ence Jones, Miss Belle Mathews, Mt?s Mau<I
Merkeley, Miss Flora Melf-ter; Miss Eth<l
Hall. MIfs Edwlna Crouch, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles K. Llpman, Mr. and Mrs. Ohauncey
H. Dunn, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Morten, Mr.
and Mrs. H. W. Ball. Mr. and Mrs. \V. O.
Bowers, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Thompson. Mr.
and Mrs. C. Jessie Titus, Mr. and Mrs. O. \V.
Erlewine, Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Terry. Mr. and
Mrs. J. O. Coleman. Dr. and Mrs. H. E.
Wright. Miss Ida Haley. Mr. and Mrs. K. AV.
Hair. Mies Ralpha Hale. Mr. and Mrs. J. H.
Heltman, Mis? Alma Heitman, Miss Florence
McKune, Mr. and Mrs. Charles M. Beckwith,
the Misses Glide, Miss Dora Taylor. Mrs. A.
I*. Foye of Bella Vista. Miss Kdna Donnellan.
Major end Mrs. Xlchols. Miss Xlchols and
' Harry Nichols of Chieo, Mr. and Mrs. E.
Holden of Alameda, Mrs. W. P. Coleman, Mrs.
Helen Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs. Frederick J.
Schwartz, Mr. and Mrs. C. H. Hubbard. Mrs.
Cushman, Dr. and Mrs. J. H. Parkinson.
General and Mrs. L. Tozer. Mr. and Mrs.
Joseph Steffens, Mrs. Fred Blrdsall. the Misses
Birdsall, Mis* Upson, Mr. and Mrs. J. E.
Huntoon, Mr. and Mrs. N'ichols. Mr. and Mrs.
Robert Ftnnie. Mr. and Mrs. Charles Wright.
Mr. and Mrs. James Henderson, Mr. and Mrs.
T. J. Kirk, Mr. and Mrs. E. R. Hamilton.
Mr. and Mrs. V. P. McClatchy, Miss Edna Mc-
Clatchy, Mr. and Mrs. C. K. McClatchy. Mr.
and Mr«. W. E. Gerber! Mr. and Mrs. E. B.
Willis. Mr. and Mrs. A. N. Buchanan. Mr. and
Mrs. II. A. Hetlbron, Mr. and Mrs. I-. F.
Breuner. John Breuner of San Francisco, the
Mlsfes Carroll, Mr. and Mrs. Warren E.
Doane, Clio Lloyd, Mr. and Mrs. Edward
Twltrrell, the Misses Twltchell. Dr. Edward
W. Tvritchell. Mr. and Mrs. George Locke.
Mr. and Mrs. Robert H. Hawley, Mr. and
Mrs. H. G. Smith. Miss Snook. Mr. and Mrs.
James Warrack. Mr. an<1 Mrs. Sparrow Smith,
Mr. and Mrs. Edward McKee. Miss Eva Mc-
Kee, Charlea Mler, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Joy,
TAKES ISSUE
WITH JORDAN
Dr. Howard Says Committee
Was Not S«lf-Con-
stituted.
Kpeclal LMypatch to The Call.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Feb. 28.—
Dr. George E. Howarl. late professor of
history at Stanford, takes issue with
President Jordan and Vice President
Branner when they i»rm the committee
which reported adversely to the university
authorities self-appointed. *
The following statement, made to-night
by Dr. Howard, explains hls'vlews on the
EUbiect and the reasons there.for:
"The following telegram from Professor
Beligman, chairman of the committee of
economics, which reported on the Ross
case, will effectually remove any doubt
aroused by false or misleading statements
as to the manner in which that commlttea
was constituted:
" -NEW YORK. Fob. 27. 1901.
•• 'To George E. Hov::ird: The committee
appointed by forty economists. eomprH
inir practically all attending: the Detroit
meetinsf. Not brought, before the associa
• jon ! SELJGMAN." '*
"The committee was appointed at a spe
cial meeting attended by nearly all this
academic economists of the country. J't
was piven deilnite instructions and direct
ed to investigate the grounds of Dr. Ko*V
dismissal. It will be Impossible, to min
imize the significance of. its verdict by
dlsparaglns assertions.
"The committee ha., performed Its re
sponsibility with great courage and wis
dom. A valuable precedent has been es
tablished. The fear rf similar action In
the future will be a' powerful safeguard
to academic liberty."
May Increase Its Fleet.
SEATTLE, Wash.. Feb. 2?.-General
Manager Schloss of the Alaska Commer
cial Company, who is now in the Kast on
business, will be In Seattle soon. Tile
vice president of the company and pos
elbly other officials will accompany him
It is stated here that the company ' will
probably put one'mor« steamship on the
westward run and enlarse its river fleet
by two Eternwheelers. Captain ¦ Carroll,
local manager" for the company, stated
that Mr. Schloss Is at present In the
East, but refused to confirm the reporr
that the company wa« meditating the
purchase of more boats.
, Miss Mary Crouch. Miss Bessie Crouch. Mr.
and Mrs. W. K. Cothrln. Miss Clark. Mr. und
Mrs. M. J. Dillman, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles Bonte, Dr. and ¦ Mrs. W.
H. Baldwin, Dr. and Mrs. William
Wood, Will Powning. Bel\edere; Mr. and Mrs.
Mulcahy of Pan Francisco, Mr. and Mrs. Vo
gelsang of San Francisco. Mr. and Mrs. Snld
iker of Sun Francisco. Mr. and Mrs. William
Cluft of San Francisco. Mr. and Mrs. E. J.
Croley, Mr. and Mrs. E. O. Smith of Auburn.
Mr. and Mrs. P. J. Dunlap of Auburn. Miss
Elele Smith, Mr. and' Mrs. Lou Jordan. Mr.
and Mrs. J. L.- Mayden, Dr. and Mrs. W. K.
Brings, Mrs. J. Hatch, Mr. and Mrs. W, A.
Briggs. Mr. and Mrs. Frank Miller and Miss
Edith Miller, Mr. and Mrs. Dwight Miller.
Dr. and Mrs. G. C. Simmons. Dr. and Mrs. G.
L.. Simmons, Dr. and Mrs. S. E. Simmons, Mr.
and Mrs. F. Cox and Miss Freda Cox, Mr.
and Mrs. George Peltier, Mr. and Mrs. Ira
Robi*. Mr. and Mrs. A. P. Scheld. Mr. and
Mrs. F. B. Adams, Mr. and Mrs. E. D.
Adams. Mrs. K. L. Douglas, W. W. Douglas,
Miss Jessie Gtlfellen. Mr. and Mrs. James
Faris, Mr. and Mrs. A. G. Folfrer, Mr. and
Mrs. Frank Hickman, Mr. and Mrs. Gus La-
I venson, Mr. and Mrs. McKIm, Mr. and Mrs.
E. Hadley, Mr. and Mrs. William Knights.
Colonel and Mrs. 1'ealer, Mrs. E. J. Hector of
Nevada City. Miss Claudia Griffith of. Ranger.
Texas: Miss L.or«>tta Chlpman. Miss I..lt.-i Pier
son. Miss Sue Pierson. Miss Ethel Reed, Miss
Porlas of Jackson, Mrs. J. J. Keegan, Mrs.
A. L. Hart of San Francisco, Professor James
II. Pond of San Francisco, Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Swain, Mr. and Mrs. Preston Lykins,
Dr. and Mrs. McLean, Mrs. Mary Ross,
Charles Miel, Clifton FariB, Richard Diers?en,
Dr. T. Cox. Bert Towne, Halsey L. Smith,
Halsey O. Smith, Frank G. Smith, Al Tralnor,
Charles Trnlnor, Walter Tralnor. EJ O'Neill.
Charles King, Fred Keisi>l. Albert Hanford.
W. W. Sims, Fred Moore. Charles Jones. Ed
Robinson, Fred Blanchard, W. E. Ix>vedal.
George Lovedal, Will Ormsby, Charles Ells
worth, Charles Ray, Herman Grau, Rene Cu
vellier. Rudolph Van Norden. Otto Van Nor
den. H. A. French, Carl Luhrs, Daniel Mc-
Kay, Frank GrifTen. Homer McKee. Dr. Jerome
Carroll. John Bauer. D. AlderRon of San Fran
clsco. L. A. Hllborn of San Francisco and
James Code of San Francisco.
I . •
' LADIES "WHO GAVE THE BRILLIANT RECEPTION TO THE LEGISLA
TURE AND OTHER STATE OFFICIALS AT THE GOLDEN EAGLE HO
TEL. SACRAMENTO. LAST NIGHT.
SACR-OEENTO, Feb. 28.— The par
lor* of th.e' Golden Eagle Ho
tel were the scene to-nlg:ht
of one of the most brilliant recep
tions held In the Capital City in re
cent years. It was piven by Mrs. William
Beckinan. Mrs, Frank L. Gray and Miss
Edith Tufts, and was in honor of the
members of the Legislature and their
•wives and da-jphters. The guests includ
ed many well known residents of Sacra
mento and San Francisco, and the gath
ering proved a deliphtful opportunity for
the reunion of friends and acquaintances
and the exchange of amenities. Mrs.
Brckman. Mrs. Gray and Miss Tufts re
ceived in a most RTacious manner and the
several hundred priests were made to feel
perfectly at home. The parlors were dec
orated in most tasteful fashion, the color
scheme being- red. An orchestra dis
coursed a concert programme and later
music for dancing, in which scores in
dulged. Refreshments were served the
pue«:s during the evening in a room
¦which was redolent of the blossoms of
spring;.
The guests of the evening were:
C-AArnor and Mr*. Henry T. Gage. Mayor
ar.l Mrs. George H. Clark. Speaker and Mr*.
<¦ W. I > ?ndleton. Senator and Mr*. Thomaw
Kiint Jr.. senator J. C. Sims, Senator and
y.r* IL T. Devlin. Senator and .^lrs. John F.
i .-.' ;*. Senator and lir». Charles M. Belshaw,
>>-nator J. K. Goarl and Miss Goad. Assembly
man nrd Mrs. Alder Anderson. Assemblrman
a*-'. Mrs. 3. K. Kr.owlani. Assemblyman J. IX
Krttey. Assemblyman and Mre. X. «_\ Ray,
1 *:-«--rv.Uysnan and Mi-?. John A. Biiss, Assem-
I .sinan aril Mrs. Bert S«-hl<?<»inger. AFsembly
!"i-.n and Mr?. N. K. KoFter. Assemblyman and
>.':>. A A. Cavajrnaro. Assemblyman and Mr*.
<":<.v«- L. Jchwcr, Hon. and Mrs. J. W.
H«*bra *nd Mies iiugtier. Hon. Peter J.
- air. and Mrs. W. S. Leak* of Pan
J"i ;. r. !-•<>. Kd If. Hamilton of San Francisco,
Mr and Mrs. Albert Elkuy. Mr. and Mrs. A.
F ' hnston. Hon. and Mrs. William Johnston
..ti'i Miss Bella Johnston of Courtland. Mr.
r.r.l Mrs. J. B. Wright. Rev. and Mrs. C. L..
M>1. Mr. ar.d Mrs. E. D. Knight*. Mm.
Ctartei McCreary. M!m» Minnie Clark. Mr.
¦ , i Mr?. .T. Frar.k Clark. Miss Dilley Clark.
Mr. ari<*. Mrs. Frank Wright, Mr. and Mrs.
" J. V\'r:;rht. Mr. und Mrs. William Devlin.
Mr. ani Mrs. William Skeels. Mr*. Frank H.
:-:ni?h. Uln Fmith. Mr. and Mrs. L. Wlckell.
It. T. Cairn, Preotin Maslin. Mr. and Mrs.
<arl liruter. Mr. and Mr*. W. E. Norris. Mr.
rrA Mrs Frank Kdlnger. Mr. and Mr*. G. P.
Cartls, Miss F. HtrzoK. Mr. and Mrs. G.
A Pbisner. Mr. and Mr*. J. W. Wilson, Mr.
rrvi Mr. J. H. Wiseman and Miss Gertrude
Wis^rnan, Mr. and Mr*. Arthur Wilson. Mr.
srd Mrs. E. F. Frarer, Mr. and Mm. H. Wein
n.-ck. Mr. and Mr*. Geore* Mott and the
Miree* Mott. Mr. and Mrs. R. D. Stephens
snd MIse £>t°'le Stephens. Miss Sophia Du
frr.r., IL J. SmaU and Miss Small. Mr. and
II r«. L. Meblus. Professor and Mrs. E. C.
Atkinson. Mr. and Mr*. William Dlerasen. Mr.
and Mrs. Krn«^>t Hoen. Mr. nnd Mr*. U. I*
IjttI, an<J th» MUses I>ewl*. James M. Oliver
rH Berkeley. Mr. and Mr*. W. H. Govan. Mm.
H. F. McCcrd, Mrs. Minnie Flint. Mr. and
Mr*. G w. Lorenz. Mr. and Mr«. William
H. Davif. Mr. and Mr?. H. Edward Yardley.
Mr and Mrs. F. R. Dray. Mr. and Mrs. Bruce
r>ray. ICtaa Alice . Dray. Mr. ui4 Mr*. Hiram
W. Johnson. Mr. and Mrs. J. B. John-
LEGISLATORS THE GUESTS
AT A BRILLIANT FUNCTION
Mrs. William Beckman, Mrs. Frank L. Gray and Miss
Edith Tufts Receive at Golden Eagle.
WASHINGTON
AGLITTER FOR
THE PACEANT
Spectacular Features to
Have an Unusual Part
in the Ceremony.
Inauguration Will Be
¦ of Unparalleled
Brilliancy.
At noon the oath of office will be admin
istered to President . McKlnley by Chief
Justice Fuller In front of the main en
trance to the Capitol. . The President then
will deliver his inaugural Rddress. •Gen
eral Francis V.' Greene will head the pa
rado as grand marshal. President Mc-
Klnley will, follow, escorted- by Troop A
of Ohio. :.'. , .
The inaugural ceremonies proper for the
first time will be conducted by a joint
committee of the Senate and House, the
custom heretofore being to leave the con
duct of the inauguration entirely in the
hands of the upper body of Congress. At
11 o'clock Mr. Roosevelt will take the oath
of the Vice Presidency in the Senate
chamber in the presence of President Mc-
Klnley and a distinguished company.
After the delivery of his Inaugural ad
dress the Vice President will administer
the oath of 'office to the Senators 'elect, ji
Wednesday, March 6: 2 p. m.— Dedicatory
concert. Pension Office, In honor of the Vice
President and Speaker of the House of Repre
sentatives, by the Marine Band and grand
chorus of 500 voices. /
Senate and Iiouse "Unite.
8 :30 p. m.— Dedicatory concert, Pension Of
fice, Irr honor of the States of the Union, by-the
Marine Band.
Tuesday, March 5: 10:30 a. m.— Dedicatory
concert. Pension Office. In honor of the United
States a«my, by the. Marine Band.
I 2 p. m.— Dedicatory concert. Pension Office,
In -honor of the United States navy, by th»
11:50 a. m.— Inauguration of Theodore Roose
velt of New York as Vice President of the
United States: ceremonies in the. 8enate, at
tended by the President and a distinguished
company.
12 m.— President McKlnley taken the oath of
office in the presence of the assembled multi
tude, delivers , inaugural address.
1:30 p. m.— Inaugural parade moves from the
Capitol up Pennsylvania avenue.
7:30 p. m. — Illumination of the court of honor
In front of the White House.
7:<5 p. m.— Display of aerial fireworks from
¦Washington monument ground*.
8 p. m.— Doors of Pension Office open for re
ception of sruestn of the Inaugural ball.
9 p. m. — Inaugural ball opened by President
McKlnley.
March 4: 11 a. m.— Gathering of high Gov
ernment officials, diplomats and especially in
vited guests In the United States Senate cham
ber.
The events to mark President McKln
ley's second induction into office have
been outlined as follows:
Programme of Ceremonies.
Representatives of the various veteran
organizations who yesterday, through
General Daniel Sickles, declined to par
ticipate in the inaugural ceremonies be
cause they were dissatisfied with the place
assigned them In the parade, to-day de
clined an offer of Grand Marshal Francis
V. Greene to send a guard of honor of
twenty men from each local post to act
as an escort to the President. The veter
ans declined to have any part In the cere
monies unless this invitation were ex
tended to all members of veteran organ
izations, both local and visiting from
other cities.
Will. Attend.
Word was received at the Navy Depart
ment to-day that the training ship Dixie,
which is the flagrship of the fleet ordered
to take part in the Inauguration ceremo
nies, left Hampton "Roads this morning
for Alexandria. The old warship Hartford
also is within about the same distance
of the capital. These two vessels proba
bly will anchor off Alexandria to-night or
to-morrow morning. The Lancaster and
Topeka will undoubtedly reach the same
rendezvous Snturday. It has been de
cided at the Navy Department to keep
these vessels off Alexandria and to bring
their crews to this city on" ferry-boats.
The big monitor Puritan is at Washing
ton navy yard and will remain there until
after the inauguration.
¦ The Ninth Corps badge had its origin at
the battle of Roanoke Island in 1S61. in
which the prmy and navy joined forces In
the attack on the. enemy. It consists of a
gun and an anchor, crossed. The Eighth
Corps badke is a six-pointed star, and had
its origin in the divisions that originally
composed the corps.
The circular drive in front of the ex
ecutive mansion is included in this grand
scheme of illumination and a large force
of workmen has been engaged for two
weeks or more in the erection of pillars
of classic s shape at frequent intervals
along this drive. From these pillars novel
effects in electric illumination will be dis
played, and it is expected that the court
of honor will surpass in beauty anything
of the kind ever- attempted in this coun
try, and certainly in Washington.
Officers having the Government build
ings in charge are putting in place special
decorations in honor of the occasion.
Commander Baird, superintendent of the
State, War and Navy Department build
ings, has made an interesting contribu
tion to the special decorations. He has
placed electric lights forming the well
known badges of the Eighth and Ninth
Armv Corps as used during the war of
the liebellfon on the east pavilion of the
big granite trl-department building. Pres
ident MeKinley as a major in the army
served in both these corps during the-
Civil War.
Brilliant Night Spectacle.
Although Pennsylvania avenue will be
Illuminated during the three nights of
the 4th, 5th and cth of March as rarely
before. A special feature will be made of
that part extending from Fifteenth street
to Seventeenth, on the north front of the
White House grounds. This section has
been designated the "court of honor,"
and many special features of illumination
will be introduced.'
The general inaugural committee has
been hard, at work for more than a
month perfecting the arrangements, and
the spectacular features of the celebra
tion, as well as the general arrangements
for the occasion, will be on an exception
ally line scale. The reviewing stands
which have been erected at intervals
along Pennsylvania avenue from the foot
of the Capitol grounds to Seventeenth
street are uniform and unique in.
design, and the general decorations of the
city, especially along the line of the
parade, will be more lavish and artistic
in character than formerly.
WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.— The prepara
tions for the Inauguration of President
McKlnley next Monday are rapidly near-
Ing completion, and unless all e>lgns fall
there will be a larger, crowd of strangers
present to witness the ceremonies than
Washington has seen in many years.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, -MARCH 1, 1901.
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A GOOD DEAL OF NONSENSE
About "Blood Purifiers" and "Tonics."
Every drop of blood, every bone, nerve
end tissue In the body can be renewed in
l^ut one way, and that Is from wholesome
food properly digested. There Is no other
¦way and the idea that a medicine in it-
pelf can purify the blood or supply new
tissues and strong nerves is ridiculous and
on a par with the fol-de-rol that dyspep-
sia or indication is a germ disease or
that othor fallacy, that a weak Btomach
¦whJrh refuse* to digest food can be made
to dr. fo by iiritatinir and inflaming the
bowel* by pills and cathartics.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets cure Indiges-
tion, sour stomach, gas and bloating after
meals, because they furnish the digestive
principles which weak stomachs lack, and
unless the deficiency of pepsin and dias-
tase Is supplied It Is useless to attempt to
cur* stomach trouble by the use of "ton-
ic?." "pills" and "cathartics" which have
absolutely no dlg-eFtive power, and their
r.nly effect Is to give a temporary stimu-
lation.
Ore train of the active principle In
Ftuart'6 Dyspepsia Tablets will digest 30-30
prai.^s of meat, ogps and similar foods.
r.n<i experiments have snown that they
•Bill do this Sn a jjlass bottle at prop«r
temperature, but of course are much more
effective In the stomach.
Th*re is probably no remedy ro univer-
sally u*»d ai< Stuart's Tablets, because it
is not only the sick ar.d ailinR but well
rr>opie »ho use them at every meal to in-
sure perfect digestion end assimilation of
the food.
People who «>njoy fair health take
Ftuart's Tablets as regularly as they take
ti'tir meals. ber-aiTFe they want to keep
v.r-I!. Prevention is always better than
cure, and Smart's Dyspepsia Tablets do
both; thfy prevent indigestion and they
remove It whore it exift«." The regular
vs* of on; or two ol them after meals
vtll demonstrate tiicir merit and efflciency
i»-tter than any oth^r argument.
AFTER THE GRIP
I to «Toid fnrt her illness, the ey*tem requires I
careful bnildiu" u j«. A cup of hot b«rf tra, I
twice daring the day brtweea meate, and |
brf ore retiring, made from :Ue well known •
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
OF BEEF.
rrin traiM up yrnir strencth wonderfoEy.
It requires no effort to divert, nnd iu ef-
f fte are mo*t eoothing and etimalAtlng to
th« t Trtcr.i. ¦ •
OR. CROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
Fct the cure cf GONORRHOEA, GLEETS.
friniCTUIins erd analojous complaint* ot th«
Organs of Occration. ' !
**r:c* |1 a bottle. For rale by druggists.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
are now ready
We announce the arrival of our spring stock of stylish suits and overcoats.
They comprise the very latest weaves and materials in many popular and exclu-
sive patterns. The assortment is quite extensive and represents every one's
taste, whether he be easily pleased cr the most critical, conservative or over--
par^icu'ar.
The suits come in single ancl double breasted styles, in cheviots, tweeds
and striped flannels, the last being a distinct novelty — gray, brown, blue and
olive goods, with invisible stripes of green, red. blue or white; the tweeds con-
lain a.novelty also, the basket weave — small squares with diagonal lines. The
prices of the suits range from
$7.50 to $15.00
I
'As the clothes are our own make, the prices are much lower than the usual,
retail prices of like quality goods.
Overcoats
The overcoats are box coverts, in various shades of \tan, brown and^olive,
in light weights for spring wear, the prices ranging from
$7.50 to $10.00
Also oxford gray cheviot overcoat?, silk lined, light weight for spring 'wear ;-•:
they will be very popular this season in the box length; prices from ° *
$12.50 to $17.50
Then there is a goodly lot of oxferd gray Raglans for those who want them.-
A word about the making: In the inside pocket of every coat and overcoat
is the union label — the emblem of fair labor and the stamp ot perfect workman-
ship. Being union made, ycu know that the garments are as well made as pos-*
sifre. The clothes are' guaranteed by us and are if not liked. See;
our window display of these goods. !
¦ \ •' i
Children's Department
In about a week we.will be ready for our spring opening in this department.
Railroad delays have detained the arrival of the goods. When they do come
they will be the finest .lot of novelties ever; shown on this coast. They will
cbmprise everything worn by boys in clothe?., furnishing 5 and hats. Look for
our .announcement.. .'.•;/ .. ,.\,>;-\v CV ,.
BoysV Knee Pantsi | B°y s ' Shirt Waists
.A While they last, knee pants, made of blue . ¦ The popular make, "The Mother's Friend";
cheviot and mixed tweeds,' sizes 3 to 8, .made colors lavender, blue, pink and purple, some
with buckle and bow, sizes 9 to 15, vvi;h. three with collars attached, seme with separate col-
;buttons on sideof knee; price of any size , . !ars; they have jjst arrived; prices
¦ 50c ;^ -" 50c 75c Si 00
Out-of-town orders filled — write for anything desired in men's or boys' clothes, furnishings or hats.
718. Market Street.DAT 'AT ART INSTITUTE.— This
wiU'.be free day .again at the. Hopkins Initi
tute of. Art. The public ¦wilt be admitted fre«
of charge during: the day. from .9 to 6 o'clock,
ami in the evening : between the hours t.t 7.30
and 10.' / ; •...:, r.\.' '; .": ¦' '-
ui ¦ -, ¦-••' ¦>•- '
. LECTURE ON THB HOLY LAND-^Father
Kqgent .of St. Brendan's Church, - : who hau
recently- returned ; Jrom a ; . year'B . absence
abrca-d. vill Kive an illustrated- lecture on his
• travel* In . the • Orient to-morrow night- at | St.
Bren(J!in'» Hall, corner of Fremont and' Harrl-.
win nr'tti. Father Kuirent ppent the greater
jj*rt tat his time In. tne Bast, Jn tfte .Holy Land
and" aJoog tba chores of ihe Medlterraaeao.
Stablemen Granted Shorter Hours.
The" Stablemen's Union "held a-meeting
last night to celebrate its success In ob
taining shorter hours. Some time ago the
union declared for higher wages and for
shorter hours. Its demands were made
known to the stable owners through the
medium of a circular letter and last night
the union was delighted to receive letters
from every owner in. tho city conceding
the demands. The union, which is now
one of the most stable in the city, has 500
members. -
As a result of excitement caused by the
fights at. the Pavilion last night > Andrew
Denegrl of 731 Vallejo street, a spectator,
was stricken with an attack of heart fail
ure. An ambulance was summoned from
tho Receiving Hospital," but the unfortu
nate man died before teaching the hospi
tal. He was identified by friends, who in
formed the officials that he was manager
of the grocery firm of ¦ Denegrl ' Bros, at
the above address. He was also employed
by Donnelly & Brannan of Seventh ? and
Mission streets. The body was taken to
the Morgue. . ¦ ¦ . ,
Excitement Kills Andrew Denegri.
SUSTAINS WILL i OF
OLIVE JANE WICKES
Judge Coffey Finds Charges Mada
Against Dr. J. M. Shannon
Are Unfounded.
Superior Judge Coffey has sustained the
will of the late .Olive Jana.Wickes, who
devised .her estate lo Dr. J. M. Shannon.
The wlli was contested by Mrs. Annette
P. Clarke, president of the King's Daugh
ters' Home, who accused Dr. Shannon of
exerting undue influence upon Mrs.
Wickes and with having kept her isolated
from her friends. Tho court found that
the charges were untrue. "Mrs. "Wickes had
no helm except? 1 her husband, who was
bedridden . at the home 1 of • which Mr3."
Clarke is the head. .His wife, before mak
ing her will, had oraVision made for her
husband's care and burial when he should
die. He died six weeks after she passed
away. Before his death he made a will
devising his estate to Mrs. Clarke. Mrs.
Wickes made no beanest to her husband
because of his physical condition. Tht?
only witness upon the charee that Mrs.
\Vi<?kes.was of unsound mind was Mrs.
Clarke., Judge Coffey held ehe. wcs # not.
competent to testify upon that point. The
estate is valued at $13,000. 'Attorneys B.
H. Griffins, and P. F. Dunne represented
l>r. Shannon. -•¦¦¦••-. — i ¦• • -¦ -.
Work.
¦J.' \VV McDonald, , president of the City
Street Improvement Company, which has
the contract for cleaning the streets, sent
a communication to the Board of Public
Works yesterday calling attention to the
lawless acts of striking teamsters who
were formerly In his employ, against a
portion of his present employes. McDon
ald stated that it would be impossible to
fulfill the contract, as sufficient police
protection .was not available.. -..•-•
The Board of Works referred ?the com
plaint to the Mayor, who directed the
ChJef of Police to afford special protection
to - the teamsters employed, by the City
gtreet Improvement Company. The Mayor
also sent a communication to ¦ the Labor
Union, , requesting, \% to induce members
not to 'indulge In arty, lawless acts.
City Street Improvemsnt Company
Says It Is Obstructed in Its
COMPLAINS OF STRIKING
TEAMSTERS' LAWLESS ACTS
Yacht Owners of Tiburon Flan Re
gattas, Cruises, a Clambake and
Other Events.
The ¦ yacht owners of the Corinthian
Tacht Club met last, night to arrange a
programme for the coming season. After,
considerable discussion It was, deckled to,
open the bridge leading to the lagoon on
March 25 at about 12:30 p. m. Opening
day will be April 20 and the first cruise of
the season will take place on April 21.
On May 11 there will be a cruise to Val
lejo, tho return to be made next day.
On May 25 there will be a cruise to the
Petaluma drawbridge, returning on the
26th. On Decoration day the annual club
regatta will be held. On June 8 the
yachts will cruise to McNears Landing,
returning on the following day.
The second cruise to Vallejo will take
place on June 22, returning next day. On
July 14 there will be a regatta for yachts
In cruising rig, and on the 27th and 28th
a second cruise to Petaluma drawbridge
and return. On Augu«t 4 there will be
a clambake at the clubhouse and on the
10th and 11th a cruise to McNears Land
ing and back.' On August 17 the an
nual cruise up the .Sacramento River will
begin, and*" on the 24th the remaining
yachts will cruise to Vallejo to meet the
yachts returning from up river. August
31 and September 1 and 2 will be taken up
by a visit to L/akeville. On September
9 the Corinthians will hold an open regat
ta in case no races are given by any as
sociation on that day. On the 22d there
¦will be a cruise . outside the heads. On
the 28th the annual chowder cruise; will
be. held, and next day there will be a re
gatta for small boats. On October 12 the
annual cruise to Corinthian Cove will take
place and next' day. the Corinthian games
will follow. October 19 is closing-day, the
last cruise of the season taking place
next day. On the. 27th the bridge will be
raised and the yachts will pass into the
lagopn. • , ... .
CORINTHIANS ARBANGE
YACHTING PROGRAMME
Tlrrt race— Gold Finder. Companion. Hon-
Cvran. •
' £ecor.ij. race— Zlrl. Inocencia. Tj ranus. "
Third ; race — aiechanuB,. Scallywag . Tame
Xil«hman.~
Fourth race— Mcrlnel. : Rcotch Plaid, Torelna.
. 'Fifth race— Mocorlto, Tlburon. Good Hope.
' Sixth race— Florabird, St. Wood. Jennie Reid.
Kcstuts at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. Feb. IS.-Weather Hn«;
tr&ck Blow and lump:*. Surcmary:
Seven fui-Ion*rs. Belling— I>x-ust Blossom won
C»al<!8 second. Candlehlaclc third. Time/1.33.
' One • mile; sellingv-Egyptian Prlnca won.
£sraca2Zip isecond. J >nn Bull third. Time
-ltf«>4- ¦ • " ¦ • f.' :¦'•''
One mile and a -sixteenth, selllnit— Chorus
Bey. wou. J- H. £loan becond. Admetus third
Time. 1:S3.
¦ • One.iirlle and seventy yards.' handicap — Skill
. man ."Ron, genator Beverldge second, Beana
third. < Time, 1:4». : - . -. ¦
glx furlorifa— MIm Golijrhtly won, Debride
•ecwna, Curtsey third. - Time. 1:18. • :'
• • Qxte mile ana - seventy yards, selling — Mlsa
Soak won. Bert Davis second, Maharjah third.
' Time. lfSl.
Oakland Selections.
I T.ttt race— Five and a half furlccgj; maiaen
tkree-ypar-olds and up; ""piling::
1X.Z A«rr.aTi^'..-i 1051 lS.'J Kinder 105
1H78 William F 1 132; IMS Carrie Lucas. "."us
IMS John Welch 112 1MH Alpha L»e 105
1€?« Honiaran 112 VMS Ann<>Flpy 107
1J.04 Gold F1n3er....l]2 VA% Canejo 110
IMS Mollte Connors.loT.; 155S Jdjre Phr'pshlrll2
IMS l>»?alonK K.T . JX3 Companion ....105
1MI Delia. Connor*. 110^
Fecond race— Four furlonps; two-year-olds •
*.llln»:
.... Bade J in7!<mS)Inoc*nda 107
IMS Kill«oe 11T M»3«)TyranUB 107
1S2« Zlrl Ill lXh Fr'd Atterburj-.1O7
Third race— Six furlonpi; three-year-olds and
ur " f'.i.r.g:
1J57 Meeh&nus 117 1S?4 Faversham ....113
flMDTTfwe Iri?hmen.1i7 (lfi*?1 Herculean 107
19K» Srallywagr 1'-0 1S32 The Light in .
,,¦ 2W0 IJoundJee .......107-
Fourth race— Mile ar.d a sixteenth; three
y«rar-old» and up; celling:
I?5K Morlnel ..10"., 1SR1 Torslna 105
1*15 Scotch Plaid 107;<19Dr)N'orford .... 110
19C3 Joe Rlpley 110!
Fifth race— Six furlongs; four-year-olfii and
Up- spiling:
1M» Good Hope 103- 13S1 Mocortto 103
U77 Gibraltar 113 1>17 Tlburon ...105
Jiixth ra^e— Six and a half furlongs; four
.. 5«rar-old» nnd up; «elMnr:
¦¦: IS37 Mike Rice HOI 1730 Florabird 110
1ST.2 Antloch 110 1*31 St. n r ood ill
im Jpnnle Reid 10S 1S«C3 Alarla 10s
, JCOo I Mot lOTl 1M1 Mell^arth ....'"llO
S ttW Jtegie Jlne!e.-..1OS, UCS Montanus ... U3
Oakland Entries.
Tanforan Selections.
First Race —Quiz II, Fondo, Gold Badge.
Second Race —Sir Claus, Trsula, Constable.
Third Race—Topmast, Bogus* Bill, Nansen.
Fourth Race—Sped flc. Gonfalon, Autumn.
Fifth Race—Alee. Amasa, Kitty Kelly.
Blxth-Race —William Ack, Darlene, Artena.
Elxth Race— One mile; three-year-olds; sell-
Ing:
1778 Klngstelle 102 1S84 B. Caldwell . ..107
. 1954 Thornwlld 104 1884 Wm. Ack 104
1934 Darlene 102 1740 Lucera 102
1750 Artena 105 ;
Fifth Race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
up; selling:
1S97 The Phoenldanlll 1830 Redwald 109
(1966)Kitty Kelly.... 98 1935 Alas 98
1951 Amasa 103 1919 Alee Ul
1359 Silver Garter.. 100
Fourth Race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds
and up; purse:
1945 Gonfalon 108.1 1936 Autumn ..108
1846 Bonnie Llssak.. 921 1849 Speclnc ...'.....112
Third Race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
ycar-oids and up; selling:
(1919)Topmast 112| 1943 Xansen 102
3943 Artllla 97 O958)Valn 10S
1971 Talma ...: 102 1 (1923) Bogus Bill 102
. Second Race — Three furlongs; maiden two
year-olds:
1935 The Maniac ...10S 1955 Sir Claus 108
1835 Constable 105 1955 May S 105
1931 Huachuca 108 Loulette 110
1931 Traula 105
First Race — Six and a half furlongrs; three
year-olds ; purse :
1946 Sublime 107 1814 Commuter 112
1918 Fondo ....:. ...104 1916 Quit II 112
1884 La Calma ....102 1946 Quibo 107
1918 Gold Badge ...103 1946 Cantlnus 107
Tanforan Entries.
SCHAIBLE IS DISCHARGED. - Albert
Schalble. assistant cook in the Odeon who
it as charged with assault to murder for stab
bin* Louis Irion, a diahirajihcr, had his case
fttrmlsged by Judge Cabaniss yesterday, as
Irion claimed that he was entirely to blama
and Sensible acted in self-defense.
Old Woman Charged by a Coroner's
Jury With Carelessness and
Incoxnpetency.
Mrs. Stelnle of 71J>>-2 Howard street was
censured yesterday by a Coroner's Jury
for ¦ the death of Mrs. Ida Ferchland of
S45 l ,2 Third street. Mrs. Ferchland was a
healthy woman of 31 years, but sh© dlerX
on February 23 of blood poisoning after
Mrs. Steinle had performed the functions
of midwife. The testimony showed that
Mrs. Steinla had not adopted tha neces
sary aseptic precautions.
The jury rendered a verdict to the effect
that death had been caused "by blood
poisoning, due to the carelessness. Ignor
ance and incompetency of one -Mrs
Stelnle. midwife, residing at 719% Howard
street in the city of San Francisco."
JKrDWITE STEHTLE IS
BLAMED FOR A DEATH
No excuse, reasonable, imaginative or
chimerical, can be raised In Hawkins' be
half. At the time of his gross fistic mis
conduct he had several Bhadcs the bettsr
of the fight; He was leading and was out
pointing his adversary, who seemed, to be
making a waiting, defensive battle. Haw
kins' straight lefts and right crosses were
point-earner?, although they worked no
appreciable damage. In the seventh round,
after a mlx-up. McFadden shot his right
over on Hawkins' left eye. The blood
flowed like a torrent, blinding the tSan
Francisco fighter. Hut Hawkins kept
cool for a time, assuming the defensive.
Then he determined to end . matters by
fouling, which he did palpably and with
out cover. He hit MoFadden below the
belt. McFadden, angered by- these un
fair tacticB, rushed at Hawkins, deliver
ing left and right In auick succession.
Then it was that the local man lost all
control of himself and as he was backed
Into his corner as the gong sounded he
kicked at his antagonist. Both men then
Ta-^v AL HAWKINS" of San Francisco
yV drummed himself out of the
11 prizering last night. At the end
lL*^' of the seventh round of his fight
with George McFadden before
the Twentieth Century Athletic Club he
committed as palpable a foul as was ever
perpetrated within sight of a referee. Mc-
Fadden went to his cprner writhing In
pain. Then the eighth round came on and
with deliberate, intentional and mallcloui
foul fighting Hawkins tried to j cover a
redolent yellow streak and thus- lose his
fight. Referee Jack Welch, disgusted and
maddened, caught hold of Hawkins and
threw him to his corner, giving the fight
to McFadden.
left hand pokes in the head. Then some
thing happened that brought temporary
constellations to McFadden. Ha was
caught with a stiff right and set upon
the floor for several seconds. But h« got
up and stayed with the game even from
tho aggressive side. For five rounds this
and take business went on, Gil
feather showing courage and skill all tha
time. McFadden boring without a stop.
The sixth and seventh rounds showed tha
same eager, earnest fighting and was a
division of honors. Then the end came.
Like a little red demon the Kid went at
Gllf^ather and by a series of punches on
Jaw and body finished the pecond ot hl3
undertakings.
Then came Kid McFadden's second
labor. Tommy Gilfeather, and It was a
surprise to all. Aggressive at the start,
the Kid was soon stopped by some clever
Sandwiched In between the Kid McFad
den bouts was a. contest between, Hugh.
Garrety and Joe Fields. Joseph Welch
was not well, said the doctor, so the
Welch-Fields contest was called off and
this other was substituted. They went
two rounds, and then Captain Wittman
called It off and the fight was awarded to
Fields, who had several opportunities dur
ing the two rounds for chest extension as
he walked around hla antagonist, supine
from stiff body punches. «
Kid. McFadden started out with George
Curran, the first of the two men he bar
gained to put into bitter slumber. Little
time was wasted by the Kid, whose right
was ever working on the body and head
of his antagonist. Curran went down
several times in the first round and It was
only his grit that saved him from , a
knockout. Refreshed but weakened, Cur
ran came to the center for the second
round only to receive a few more of those
warm corkscrews that the Kid had in
store. Referee Jack Welch stopped the
fight when Curran was In no condition to
go further, and thus the Aureole Kid won
hip first contest.
McFadcIen did not show ud much as a
fighter of much worth. The one damaging
effect that Hawkins showed was the bad
cut over the eye, which seemed to come
from the sharp point of his opponent's
elbow.
The preliminaries, two bouts In which
Kid McFadden participated and a filler
furnished the fistic amusement of the
evening. This was the Twentieth Century
Club's first venture and the Mechanics'
Pavilion, in which the fights were held,
was comfortably filled with patrons of the
sport.
went to their corners. After that was
the disgraceful work In the eighth, which
kept the crowd "hooting and jeering at
Hawkins long after be left the ring and
the building. -
The committee will recommend to the
convention to be held Sunday that the
names, of the following ladies, members
of Martha Washington and Columbia Cir
cles, Ladles' Auxiliary, Ancient Order of
Hibernians, be added to the executive
committee: Mrs. Samuel McFadden, Mrs.
Richards, and Misses H. O'Brien, Reedy,
Geary, Goany, Connell, Higglns, Foudy
and Hennessey.
The literary part of the celebration will
commence promptly at 1 o'clock at the
Central Theater, where James M. Ward
and company Trill present the stirring
Irish play, "The Colleen Bawn. 11 Pre
ceding the performance an address will be
delivered by Samuel. M. Shortridge and
an original poem will be recited by J. M.
Miller.
In the evening the programme will be
continued , at the Mechanics' Pavilion,
which will be handsomely decorated for
the occasion. The stars and stripes and
the Irish green will predominate in the
dt-coratlons. Irish Jigw, reels and dances
of every description will be tripped to
music furnished by Professors McCarthy
and McMahon. A mammoth chorus, com
posed of school children, will render "The
Star Spangled Banner" and the song so
dear to every irishman. "God Save Ire
land." A short address will be delivered
at the pavilion by Charles Asmussen, an
orator noted for his brilliancy.
A committee was appointed last night
to interview the School Board and request
a half-holiday in the public schools in
order that the children could attend the
celebration. It was also decided to com
municate with prominent Irish business
houses asking: that they close their stores
for the afternoon of March 18, and also
requesting that they decorate their places
of business In appropriate colors.
• The executive committee of the St. Pat
rick's Day celebration convention met last
night at Hlbernla Hall and made arrange
ments for. the proper celebration of the
•day. The programme as arranged up to
date promises a day replete with the ex
pression of sentiments dear to the Irish
heart and a fitting' honor, to the memory
of Ireland's patron saint. ¦ •
St. Patrick's Day Celebra
tion Arranged by Erin's
Patriotic Sous.
WILL DO HONOR
TO PATRON SAINT
CALL, ARTIST'S PICTURES OF SOME OF THE WELL-KXOWN RING
. PATRONS AS THEY BEHAVED LAST NIGHT AT THE FIGHTS BE
FORE THE TWENTIETH CENTURY ATHLETIC CLUB.
1071. SIXTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. 4. «4. Fin.
18S2 Antagone, 4, 102.O'Connr 1 2h 24 Ins
17S8 Favorlto. 4, 99. ..Murphy 2 3 1 3 2 2 4
1S22 Al. Garter, 4, 97.. Walsh 4 1 h 14 3 4
1839 Parm'nton. 4, 104. Burns 3 5 1 4 2 4 3
1438 Letlger. 4. S<> J. Daly 6 4 4 5 3 5 4
1947 Diomed, 4, 100 See 9 9 7 6 2
1(39 Talma, 4, 102 Meade 8 8 6 8 7 4
SOS Mission. 4, 103 :Enos 7 74 61 8 12
1S34 Swt. William, 6, 104. Wed 5 6 3 9 9
Time— »i. :24Vi; %. :36U: %, 1:014. Good
start. Won first thre« driving. Winner, Car
ruthers & Shields' b. m. by imp. Topgallant-
Esuay. Antagone hung on gamely. Walsh
could not help Alary's Garter at the finish or
she would have won. Parmenlon In a pocket
or he would have been closer up.
Betting— Antagone, 7-5; Favorlto. 60; Alary's
Garter. 7-2; Parmenlftn, 4; Letiger, 30; Diomed,
12; Talma, CO; Mission, 12; Sweet William. 30.
li>70. FIFTH RACE-Five furlongs; selling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fin.
1142 Kdlnbor'gh, 4. 104. Burns 2 11 13 14
li*2 MacLaren, 4, 102.O'Conn 4 3 2 3 4 2 14
1S34 S'ta Lucia, 6, lOl.Burlgm 3 2 4 2 h 3 It
1S84 Am. Fonso, a. 101. Burke 7 7 h 5 1 4 1
lf'47 Dunboy, a. 1C3 See 9 8 2 6 1 5 h
431 Valenc'nne. 6. lOC.Henry 8 4 1 4 4 6 VI
1947 SiFquoc. 4. 99. R. Murphy 6 9 2 7 17 2
ISOO Miss Mad'lne. 4. 99. Fogg 5 6 4 8 4 8 4
iv:»2 Chs. Le Bel, 6. 103.Woodsl0 10 9 2 9 2
(lM7)Mt Dew. 5, 104;Weddstd 1 5 2 10 * 10
Time— H, :23%: %, :3h*i: %. l:00?i. Good
start. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner. W. H. Ketcheman'o br. h. by imp.
Aibert-Moi MiloL Edlnborough outclassed his
field. MacLaren ran a game race. Santa
Liicia stopped badly as usual. Valenclenne
vfry short; will do later.-- - \ \
Betting — Edlnborough. 2-5; MacLaren, 10;
Santa Lucia. 10; Amelia Fonso. 60; Dunboy,
40; Valenclenne, 6; Slsquoc, 30; Miss Madeline,
CM; Charles Le Bel, 100; Mountain Dew. 20. .
Time-4. :134: M. :25y 4 ; 4, %, 1:I8^
Good start. Won first three driving. Winner,
L. Levy's ch. h. by Blue Hyes-Missive. Great
lar.U got u good, strong ride. Prejudice quit
when pinched. Macy very dicky. Salvado had
seme speed, but stopped to nothing. Scratched
— Rixford 97.
Eetting— Greatland, 6; Prejudice. 3-5; Macy
7-2; Limelight. 20: Salvado, IS; Meadow Lark.
£( ; Whaleback, 50.
ir>GJ>. FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; sell-
Ing; four-year-olds and up; purse. $400.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fin.
1W2 Greatland, C, 110. Thorpe 5 2 1 2 2 1 \
VAJ Prejudice. 4, 108.. Burns 111 1 h 21
.... Maey. a. 103.. .O'Connor 2 4 1 4 1 3 6
lUO Limelight. 0, 106.. Henry 4 3 h 5 3 4 2
J°oe Salvado. 5. llO.Dozeman 7 & Vt 3 1 5 2
1U47 M'd. Lark, a, 107. Woods 3 6 3 6 4 6 8
1S47 Whaleback, 5, 107... Enos 6 7 7 7
IOCS. THIRD RACE— Six and a half fur
lorns; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Irdex. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fin.
1P30 Toah, 104 O'Connor 4 4 24 In
M59 Raveling, 110.. .T. Burns 3 2 2 14 2 2
UM1) Seide, 107 ....Henry 2 14 33 3S
(1934)Invlctus. 101 J. Daly 1 3 h 4 4
Time— 3-16, :19U: 7-16. :431t'; 9-16, :554: 64f,
r.10%. Good start. Won handily. Second and
third driving. Winner, r. 'Dunne's ch. g. by
imp. Bassetlaw-Modesty. Toah best. O'Con
nor rode a nice waiting race. Raveling is
showing steady improvement. Seide quit badly
at six furlongrs. Scratched— Nellie Forest 105.
Betting— Toah, S-5; Raveling, 7-2; Seide, 8-5;
Invlctus, 15.
1007. SECOND RACE r M!le and a sixteenth;
selling: four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. y.. Str. Fin.
(1943)Vohioer, 4. &5.R, Murphy 4 2 3 lh 1 %
(m2)H. Anderson, 4, 80.. Daly 1 lh 2 2 7 1
1543 Donator. 6. 98.. J. Miller 7 4 4 3 4 3 h
1S50 Owensboro, 4, 107. Henry 2 3 4 4 3 4 4.
Cf^Lamachus. 4, 95.. .Walsh 6 5 1 5 1 5 2
15-21 Lavator, 5. 100 See 8 7 2 6 1 6 5
(IMOEdgardo, 4, 104. O'Connor 5 6 4 7 3 7 2
CS3S)Free L'nce, a, lOo.Bozmn 3 S 8 8
Time— 1-16, :07; 5-16, :Z2V 4 ; 7-lfl. :444; 11-16.
1:094; mile. l:41tf: 1 l-16m. 1:48. Good start.
Won Hrst three driving. Winner, J. K. Pat
ten's b. h. by imp. St. George-Fanfare. Vo
bicer ran a corking race. Brownie Anderson
t'.ult last part. Donator was closing strong.
Edgardo cut off half a dozen times.
Betting — Vohicer, 12; Brownie Anderson, 6;
Drnator. 6; Owensboro, 7-2; Lamachus. 40;
Lavator. 12; Edgardo, 9-5; Free Lance, 15.
TANrORAU" PARK-Thursday. Feb.
28. 1901.— Weather fine. Track fast.
1M5H. FIRST RACB-Six furlongs; sellinp;
fcur-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. l-i. Str. Fin.
IS26 Kitty Kelly. 4, 103. Miller 111 13 13
a&s*)Kaeetto, 4, 107.. ..Henry 2 6 h . 4 1 2 3
1706 Our Lizzie, 6. lOS.Boxmn 4 4 1 2 4 3
C822)Genuc S, 105 ...Enos 6 3 H 5 1 4h
1K37 Novia, 6, 105... O'Connor 6 7 7 SI
1PS6 Espirando, 6, 107.. Burns 7 5 4 3% 6 1
1£71 SWt Caporal, 5, lOS.Wed 3 2 h 6 V4 7
Time— 14. :23%; H. :47%; %, 1:14. Good start,
won ridden out Second and third driving.
Winner, W. L. Stanfleld's or.- m. by Apache-
Flay Toy. Espirando cut off at start and in
a pocket to the stretch; quit badly last part.
Kittle had all the speed. Racetto closed stoutly.
Cur Llifle dogged It at the end. So did Capo
rtl. ' "-•;¦¦
Betting— Kitty Kelly, 15; Racetto. 7; Our
I-izzle. 16-5; Gemia, 10; Novia, 8; Espirando.
1U-5; Sweet Caporal, 4.
CALL'S RAGING FORM CHART
Time— i^. ': 244; \t :tm': *i. 1:1S%. Good
ctart.- Won first three driving. Winner, D. M.
Hanlon'B h. m. by Racine-Aurelia II. Sly on
the out.«idf> ptood a long, hard drive. Bell in
the center and bumped a Jilt. Sam ran out
•t stretch turn. Magirle Davis had a roujrh
trip. Scratch.^!— Tlburon 1*4. The Benedict S6.
•Betting— Fly. 2; Frank Bell. 9-2; Sad Sam.
12-S; Magpie Da\-ls, €; PreFtteigltator, 12; Gib
raltar. 6.
1977. FIXTII RACE— Six furlong:!"; hanfllcap;
three-year-olds and up: purse, J300.
2ade.x. Horse, Wt, Jocker. St. *£- Str Fin.
<*SM»Fljr. a. 3 IS Eullman 1 2n 4 4 lh
1S28 F. Bell. 6, 11«. . ..Mounce 2 3 1 2 4 2n
1SC8 Fad Sam, 3. SS.Dominick 4 13 11 3 n
<W7)M. Da\-is. i, US..HoweU 3 4 2 3 2 4 4
<lS2S)Prc5'ti!ligitr. 4. H>6..Hoar6 6 5 156
lfc«8 Glbcallar.- C. 10S..Ehl»-ldB 5 516 6
Betting— Socialist. 7; Grand Sachem. 4: Mo
rinjra. 4; Flaraero. 9-2; El Mldo, 2; Uarda, 15
tton Luh.. ~e.
.Time— 1-16. ,:07; H, ¦-<: H. -^W "i, 1:164:
m, lit; 1 l-16m. ISL Good start. Won easily.
Second and third driving. Winner, G. S. Mc-
Kenzle's b. p. by St. Carlo- Anarchy. Socialist
played in lurk. Sachem should have beat«»n
him. Tt«o far for Moringa. Flamero can do
t»tter. El Mido stopped to get the mall.
Bcratcbed-Tcm Calvcrt 1(9, Sam Howard S3,
Florabird M7. : i
107O. FIFTH RACE— One and .a sixteenth
mlles'i selling; four-year-olds and up; purse.
MM. ' ,- .
Index. Hopse, Tl't. " Jockey. ' BC^H' Str. Fin.
1S«2 eoclalist.. 6. 109...G«ia<^n 4 11 1 U 1 M.
l?lSa..SifcIk M n. «. S9..Faulry*.8 1 3 2 ' 2 H
(IWiMwinci, 6, Ui&.. Bullman 1 Jh 2 1 3 4
IKT'3 Flamero, 5, 103.. Mounce 5 i 4 I 1 41
1S93 El Mldo. 5 Domlnlck 3 4 1 4 h 5 2
19i2 farda. C. 113 Kelly 7 6 *4 6 2 6 3
1J-C4 r>on Luis, a, 101.. Stuart 6 7 7 7
T!m*-V :13J%; ;24% t .; 14, :yi»i; V l:23'i.
Grvrd start. Won easily. Second and third
<Jriv1ri«v Winner. Hughes & Elliott's ch. c. l>y
Rowland- Frances Nichols. Jim galloped «!1
the way. Ft. Rica hard ridden. Too much
weigbt for Ihinfree. .
Iicttir.g-Dandy Jim, 6-Z; St. P.ica, 2; Dun
fr*e. 4; El Ksp-n. 15.
J075. FOURTH HACE-Seven furlongs; Bell
ing; three-year-cMs; purse, JSM.
Index. H^rse. Wt, Jockey. St. 14. Str. Fin
<190«) Dandy Jim. lit. .Mounce 2 12 13 13
1M6 pt. liica, 10» Bullman 1 2 n 3 5 2 8
1951 Pusrree, 10» Shield* S 3 Z 24 36
aMS)El Karn. 1CS.... Kelly 4 4 4 4
Bettlnp-Jarretlrre d'Or, 1; Estardo, 11-2:
Torso Maid. 12; Prrstene, K; Lento, SO; Pepper
T>auc*. 4: WJnnalw-11. 25; Myriad Dancer, 20;
Esc&lante, 4^;.lsa.r. &O.
1074. THIRD TtACE-Four furlongs; maiden
two-year-olds; purse, J350.
Index. Horse. TVt. Jockey. St. K. Str. Fin.
1P38 Jarrrt'fi d'Or. UO.HuMmn 3 2 2 12 12
lSf5 Eftardo. 113....Dominick 8 3 1 2 4 21
ins Torso Maid. 110.. Shield* 6 5 1 4 1 3 1
1*21 rrcFtrne. 110 Mounce 3 6 4 6 1 4 1
1!<2« L»ento. 113 Hft^lncer 7 7 2 7 2 5 >4
2S02 Pepper Pane*. jl3..K«>lly 4 4 1 3 h 6 3
1W.9 Winriabell. lin Wrtr 2 14 5 1 7 1
is;« M. Dancer. n3..Fauntry 9 9 * 8 8 2
IK'iO F>calante. l!i>....HoweIlin IS 9 9 5
19:S lsar. 130 Matthews 1 8 H 10 10
Time — V. -23; 1 T . :M. Good Ftart. Won eas
ily. Second and thir.l driving. "Winner, At
kin i- Lottrldpe's b. g. by imp. Golden Gar-,
tt-r-Tlirardo. Winner a very fair youngster.
EMard* a slow breaker. Torso MaM pocketed
the first part. Prpr*>r pauce pocketed on the
rail.. Dancer oft" badly. Scratched— Mike Mur
phy 110.
Bettinp— Dar.lel. J; Almoner. 9-Z; Inclndiator.
I; AlturaF. 7; Pan Aupuetine, 13; Summer, 30;
Jack McCabe, 50; William F. 20.
1973. SECOND IIACE-Pix furtongi; selling;
four-year-olds and vp: purse, {3CK>.
Index. Hor*e, Wt. Jorkey. St. *i. Btr. Fin.
H93€)Dar.1el. 4, V».. .I'.ullraan J 2 h 2 5 lh
1K"1 Almoner. 4, V .".'.. Miiinc* 1 11 1 V4 1 h
1»?6 Inrin<*.lator. T.. IK... Hull 4 4 1 3 4 3n
36T.J A'.t^ras, 5, 112..Maeklin7 7 5 4 1 4 10
1SS6 Augustine, S. llZ.Krrolirn 3 € 2 & 1 SI
IU2 8un:m<>r, 4. lii.Hcnnresy 3 3 2 Cl 6 «*
193< J. McCabe. 6, n:.Alex<ir 8 8 7172
1&21 William F. 4. 6..Domnk 6 52 8 8
Time— V. :r3; 's, :Zr>; \. liWi,. Good start.
*Von . first throe driving:. Winmr. Caesar
Young'* b.' g. by I^eonatus-Troika. Daniel
outclassed Almoner. Incinrtlator improving.
Purnm«-r quit. Alturas can do better.
Scratched— Chrrr.pion Hose 107, Looram 112.
DAKLAND BACETRACK-Thursday,
Feb. 28, 130L— Weather fine. Track
1OT2. FIRST RACE-Five and a half fur
lone*; eelling; three-year-olds and up; purse,
!'.'¦¦
Index. Horse, Wt Jockey. Bt. H. Etr. Fin.
1917 Strauss, 4. 124...Mounee 1 2b IS 14
18S4 G. Baron. 5. 123.. Shields « J4 22 2 J
1023 F. Play, .4. U7..Ha*'ger 7 4 1 3 1 S*
1924 Kathitar. 3. 104 WlerW 9 2 6 2 41
JSTSKldrod. 3, lC7....Macklln 5 5H 4 4 3 4
~7iU R Lyons, 3, MSltuIlman 3 8 2 7 1 6 1
3*51 Edith O. 3, Ul.Henswssy S 7 1 6 1 7 4
1910 K. Zola. 6. l23....Ha7.an1 4 64 8 8 3
1STS Fre* Pass. 4. 122ArmstK X 1 h * 9 30
1512 J. Uriton, 4. 11S»... Smith 8 10 10 10
Time— 3-15, :19; 7-1 J, :4«: S4f. 1:1014. Good
«tart. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winfler,. W E. Cotton'B br. r. by Iroquols
ffS'Psy. Ptrauss made quick "work nf his field.
Baron did his best. Hilly Lyons likes plenty
of mud and light weight. Free Pass quit.
Briton b.cd. .Scratehe.l-FM* d'Or 117. •
Betting— Mike t-'trauss, 2; Gold Baron, 10;
Foul Flay, ?-2; IJathpar. 31; Eldred. 4; Billy
Lyons, fr-2: Edith < ». 30; Emile Zola, SO; Free
Cass; 20; Jolly Briton, 100.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART
» XOTHER track record went glim
i\ muring at Tanforan yesterday in
ZA\ the six and a half furlong race,
A )V which was captured by Toah,
Winnie O'Connor In the saddle.
O'Connor's race was a pretty one. He
waited to the stretch before he used his
horse at all. Seide started out In the lead,
with Raveling close behind. On the turn
Raveling passed to the drum major's po
sition and looked the winner, but Toah
came up from behind and finished a head
in adyance of Raveling, ¦who ran a good,
strong race. The old track record was
1:21. Toah's performance cut a quarter
of a second off the mark.
The long-shot players feasted on three
winners out of the six yesterday. The
favorites were put under the sod in all
but the last race. . '•• .': ".
A small boy and a large man touted
Espirando in the first race, six furlongs,
celling*. There were seven in the field and
Espirando, with Tommy Burns in the
caddie, finished sixth. Kitty Kelly, the
longest shot In the bunch, Miller In the
pilot box. walked away with the money.
Our Lizzie had a strong following, but
got nothing better than the ehow, Kacetto
coming In for the place.
So fierce was tfie play in the second race
on Edgardo that the price dropped quick
ly from 3 to 1 to 8 to 5. Vohicer, who sold
at 12 to 1 at the close, won out, leading all
the way. Brownie Anderson and Donator
gave Vohicer a rub at the finish, but
could not offset the steady lead taken at
the start. Anderson took the place
money, Donator comlrig In for the show.
All kinds of stories floated about the
ring In the fourth race, seven furlongs.
Prejudice, ridden by Burns, was the fa
vorite, but there was a strong play on
Greatland, the 7 to 1 winner, ana Macy,
first time out. Prejudice played a leading
part until the paddock was reached, when
Greatland, with Charlie Thorpe at the
wheel, made a hypnotic pass or two- and
Prejudice went to sleep. Macy got the
show. :'." .•
Edlnborough, a prohibitive favorite in
the first race, led all of the five furlongs.
Santa Lucia came up strong in the early
stage of the race, but was beaten out by
Maclaren for the show.
The last race was the closest of the day,
Antagcne, the favorite, with O'Connor in
the saddle, taking first money. The finish
was as torrid as the weather, especially
for second and third places, Favorlto get
ting the place; and AJary's Garter the
show. When the numbers were displayed
at -first Alary'a Garter was made the
place winner, but the Judges ordered the
chance at once.
By Louis Ho nig.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
NO prettier or more exciting flntsh
has been witnessed at Oakland
track this season than that
which marked the close of the
six furlong handicap yesterday,
when Sly, Frank Bell and Sad Sam
passed the wire heads apart in the order
named. Dan Hanlon's game and con
sistent mare had Bullman In the saddle,
and, carrying 118 pounds, equal weight
with Frank Bell, enjoyed a slight call
over Sad Sam In the betting. While 109
seemed a bit "weighty" for Maggie Da
vis, the little mare was bet on, and only
some tempestuous weather encountered
Just before striking port prevented her
from being a keen contender. As expect
ed. Sad Sam picked up Domlnlck and his
9S pounds and went out to make the run
ning. Within hailing distance Frank Bell
moved. along In second position, followed
by Maggie Davis and tsly, which order
was maintained to the stretch. Less than
an eighth from the stand both the favor
ite and Frank Bell drew up on nearly
equal terms with Sam, and the riders on
all three 'began riding with whip and
heels. In the deepest going, next the rail,
Sad Sam began tiring, Frank Bell was
sandwiched and Sly got the verdict by a
head. Gibraltar sulked with Henry
Shields, finishing last. As the track was
still fully four seconds slow the time,
l:15Vs, is somewhat misleading.
The summery weather drew out quite
a crowd of turf lovers and the books did
the largest business of the week. First
choices were In rare v fettle, capturing
every purse of the day, with a single ex
ception. Johnny Bullman piloted three
and Owen Mounce two winning horses.
In the introductory scramble Mike
Strauss mingled with much plainer com
pany than he was Introduced to first tlm?
out. He made a ragtime march of it at
odds of 3 to 1, beating Gold Baron and
Foul Play among others.
Caesar Youngs Daniel put Almoner
away by a head in the six furlong selling
run which followed.. Daniel closed an even
money chance and only Bullman'a splen
did, handling returned him winner after
Almoner had made, ail the running. Thi
ehow fell to Inclndiator.
Bullman next rode the Atkin & Lottridge
entry, Jarretlcre d'Or, In the two-year
old dash. The youngster ruled a pro
nounced favorite and, losing his field at
the Jump, ran in two lengths before Es
tado and Torso Maid.
Only four faced the bsrrier In the seven
furlong ran, decided under selling con
ditions. While St. Rica had auite a fol
lowing Dandy Jim. the favorite, shoul
dered his 116 pounds os easily as a long
shoreman would a sack of flour, finishing
first under restraint bv- three lengths.
Eight to S was the best price obtainable
about the winner. Dunfree "showed."
Socialist created much merriment by
decamping with the mile and a sixteenth
purse, quoted at 7 anJ 8 to 1. "Stump"
Golden made a sortie out in front with
the St. Carlo gelding and before any of
fhe others could reach the firing line ths
race was over. El Mido. the favorite, re
tired . early, which enabled Grand da
chem to get the place from Morlngu in a
drive.
Track Notes.
Stnrter Holtman nnea Dominlck $50 for
breaking through tho barrier with Sad
Sam. This is the first fine imposed on a
rider since Jake -took the position at
Oakland. He has been extremely lenient
and the boys should not complain.
Quite a "killing" was made on the win
of Kitty Kelly at Tanforan. Xot only
were several thousands of dollars removed
from the ring- but the mare Is reported to
i.ave been "plugged" m the Montana. an«t
Hot Springs poolrooms.
Ten books cut in at Oakland and there
is plenty of money in the ring.
The Eastern employers of both .'-Henry
and Burns should feel pleased at the
magnificent work each is doing out here
aboard favorites. No other riders on
earth ever experienced the bad luck of
this pair.
By F. F. Mulholland.
Long Shots Continue to Win at Tanfor^h===Another
Track Record Goes Glimmering.
son, O. C. W. /
The ofHclal8 are:
Starter, J. W. Leavitt; referee, Charles Al
bert Adams; clerk of course, Jules Hancock;
Judpts, John Elliott, E. n. Learning, J. W.
Mullin. Frank Smith. Pop Rambo and J. B.
I.nn.bkin; timers, George P. Wetmore, H. D.
Hadenfeldt, J. Lewis, J. A. Deslmone and F.
A. Busch; scorers. E. Goeller, F. G. Jlont
ealegre, Dr. E. T. Mervey, Charles Sehaffer and
A. Reid; umpire, Georife Dlxon.
C. -W.
Scratch— Ed Wastle, G. C. W.; L. Downing,
G. C. W.; A. McDonaid, G. C> W.J J. B. Hob-
Long List of Entries — Handicaps and
Officials, Who Will Have
Charge of Exciting
.Event,
The annual twenty-five-mlle road race
will be held over the San Leandro tri
angle on Svlnday next. There are forty
four entries, and they include the best
road riders In this part of the State. The
race will start promptly at 10 o'clock, and
those desiring to view the exciting con
test should take the 8:30 boat. Spectators
will be able -to see the start and finish
and watch the progress of the race, as
the rlder§ must go round the triangle
three times'.
The entries and the handicaps are as
follows:
Six minutes— C. Pfellfrr, C. C. C. ; S. Gold
stein, unattached; \V.. A. Stoddard, O. C. \V.;
V. McNulty, unattached.
Five minutes— V. Gray, O. C. WV; E. Etlenne, !
O. C. W. ; a. H. Williams, B. C. W. ; H. C.
Vensano, O. C. W.
Four and a half minutes— Roy Gates, G. C.
W.I C. LJndherg,- G. C. W.; L. Meyer. O. C.
W. : R. Tichner. G. C. W.; P. A. Murray, B.
C. W. ; Charles Hueser. U. C. W.
Four mlnutcs-rll. Warren, C. C. C. ; A.' J.
Martin, U. C. \V.; V. Curlin, O. C. Vy-.; M.
Nofty. G. C. \V.; C. S. Clirlstenaoo, C/C. C;
H. Barnwell," C. C. C.
Three minutes— M. Shannon, O. C. ..W.; H. L.
Newsom, -unattached; A. Barnwell/ C. C. C. ;
C. Harty, G. C. W. ; R. O. Henderson, O. C.
W. ; Guy Anthony,. O. C. W. / /
Two- and a half minutes— G. McKenny, O. C.
C; j. Ephraim, O. C. C; A; T. Smith, un
attached. • -•' ¦'
Two minutes — C. Long, 6. C. • W. ; C. L.
Braun, unattached: P. A. Manning, G.,C. W. ;
B. Agras, G, C. W.; W. Pedlar, O. C. W.; J.
E. Bolger, O. C. W.
One and a half minutes— B. Downing, G. C.
TV.; W. Davidfeon, unattached: H: Loewe, G.
C. W.; E. A. Rusac, iJ. C. W.; F. West, B.
Annual Twenty*- Five- Mile
Contest Scheduled for
CYCLISTS READY
FOR ROAD RACE
SLY DEFEATS FRANK BELL
AND SAD SAM AT OAKLAND
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY;- yMARUH .1, 1801.
Crowd Hisses and Jeers Him as He Leaves the Ring.
Kid McFadden Puts Out Two Men.
DAL HAWKINS LOSES THE
FIGHT BY FOUL TACTICS
4
AT OAKLAND TRACK
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
-^ggg^^ He thinks he lives, but he's a dead
one. No person is really alive whose
Ji^-§r^?^V\lbfc vcr * s eac * # During the winter
most people spend nearly all their time ;
in warm, stuffy houses or offices or
rwj|||; J >/S!. Jy\i exercise as they ought, and everybody
knows, that people gain weight in
<4*£&$m!Mi /t^^^M^M^ winter. As a rule it is not sound
wei & nt > k ut me ans a lot of flabby fat
f if an d useless, rotting matter staying in
the body when it ought to have been
/^^^j^jgj^^^^^^^^^^^Sr - driven out. But .the liver was over-
-burdened, deadened— stopped work. There
you are, with a dead liver, and right now is
U^^^^^^^^^r the time for resurrection.- Wake up the dead!
"'¦K.yC e ? all the filth out of your system, and get
ready for the summer's trials with dean, clear blood, body, brain free from bile. Force
is dangerous and destructive unless used in a gentle persuasive way, and the right plan
< is to give new strength to the muscular walls of the bowels, and stir up the liver to new
life and work with CASCARETS, the great spring cleaner, disinfectant and bowel tonic
Get a 50c box to-day— -a whole month's treatment— and see how quickly you will be
¦^ ;. '.BROUGHT BACK TO NEW LIFE BY
MBA R^HM TBfccr?% XV Wvu* AjfuM Cot-^^i Tf~ jl^B^ Vh rVTB fCJOJ. Sk£r VM^Dhs Fmh
5c * 5^ c «^^^^^^^%^^*^^^^IS^^' g i : S|M^^ NEVER
all riot T^-Tyr-c; -^^ a^^^BSlilrni i^ '^MM^***** SOLD IN BULK-
Allfir f 11 bowe * troubles, appendicitis, bll- All ¦ ft B IITVPR TOCTltKi Fiw r**r* »s>
I 1 1 K ¦¦ lou * ae » 8 ' ba d breath, bad blood, wind I » I 8 f\ U 1 1 Kl I L I 1 *i5.°"» box of 8CA *-
UUni- °» ">« itomach, bloated boweli, font If f I U K M !« I P T I I K " "5" 'Tin' A k W " *"
VVlUL moutH, headache., lndlcentlon, pimple.., UUn3lnll I LLU ?JSr ?re"te" thia"»nx
l %. llT<>r tro " bJe » f^Jow complexion .,«n»r -edlel.e la the- world. *TM. l^b^hrt^^n^
ana aizzmeu. , When your bowel* don't move regn- rr«at merit, aad oar be* t teitlmonlal. W« hs> T e faith uad
Urly you are getting sick. Constipation kill* more will tell CA8CAX£T» uhaoiateiy iuuront«d to care *r
people than all Other diseases together. It* la a money rr funded. Uabay today. IwdSOd I>»ih, «1v* thfma
•tarter for the chronic ailments and Ion sr rears of *"•"• ¦2*S*^ trl > 1 « ¦" i»«r «is«j»to air*etio««. aad ir you are
will 7 « ?£»ltl\ Vt *?* CAB1 ??*«' lo r aa^ fOr y ?« whom yoa P"r««»»«ed »«• ¦«»«> «ety«nr money ba«k for both
Will never get well and be well all the time until boxes. -Take oar adTlec— aomutier what all* you— «tartt»>
yon pat your bowels right. Take our advice; start ¦ day- H«mith will quickly follow .od joo win bi«n the d»y
TTlth CASCARETS to-day, under an absolute euar- •' - y«n «"l tUrtcd the Die of CA «CJi B ETS. Book, free by B»«l£
. antee to cure or money refunded. * BBOIUM » B^ -I^ Iddmai- SsTEBLlMJ BEMEDI CO., KKW TORlt or CHlCAfioT^Dear Sir: I have received a copy of As
•emb!>- »,ill No. r<S. introduced by Committee
on I.lection I^jws. which I presume Is the
e^n.errnce committee hi!l covering the subject
or primary elections and other matters.
I liave cone through the bill with conslder-
Stratton's Letter.
Ex-Senator V. R. Stratton. who framed
the primary flection law of 1S3W. has writ
ten a letter, iimlor dnte of February 23.
to the rpj-pectlve chairmen of the Elec
tions committees ; n thc Senate and Af
petrbly. Following is a copy of the letter
addressed to Robert I. Devlin, chairman
of the Sonata commit t<H>:
The urnrnrir-d bill will be regularly open
ornendments were sent to the printer, and
third re.i l!ng. The only amendmeiit to
which s'ron^ objection was uiade; was the
cw> by mhSdi tho law go<~? into r»ff>ct lm
rnediaiHy <ir M a its passage. MeUck and
Knnv.lr.nfl rsserfd that this would Inter
fere with mir-roaching municipal ejections.
but. v.Uh the understanding that the sec
tion In r;M»*stlon would ptill lx» open to
amendment, the committee change was
arrcplod.
The committee, .bill. No. 793. and Its
amendmt'nts were p«"nt to the printer, and
b!il and ."m^ndrn^nts were made a special
ordT for «.<• morrow.
Macbeth Explains.
Macbeth fald he was absent when An
<Serso»i'F motion v.as adopted and that- he
h.nd fcfn misinformed as to the instruc
tions, lie had understood that the single
committee bill was the one wanted by the
Awembly. He promised, however, to re
port at once all bills in the possession of
rl?:- ••nrnmitteo.
Trcadwr 11 insisted that Macbeth explain
why hut one bill had been reported by the
committee.
Speaker Pendleton called Macbeth to
nrdfr, ttatlng that there was nothing in
what Johnson had eaid to Justify Mac ¦
bath's r« tort.
Speaking to a question of personal priv
ilege. Macbeth expressed resentment at
the criticism Implied in Anderson's mo
tion demanding immediate report of the
primary election bills. He said the com
mittee had been working faithfully and
conscientiously to frame a good primary
law, and had fejt no disposition to shut
out suggestions? or to smother features of
merit in the bills submitted to it. He be
lieved the committee had framed a work
able and constitutional measure, and it
remained for the Assembly and Senate to
say whether it should become a law.
Johnson, who had a bill in the commit
tee's hands. a?ked why all the bills had
not been reported, according to the Xa
pembly's Instruction. Macbeth retorted
with some heat that the work of the com
mittee was in the hands of the Assembly,
and if Johnson and others were not satis
fied with it thev could kill It.
CAT.T. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
JIEN-TO. Feb. 2S— The Assembly Commit
tee on Elections met with pointed rebuke
this morning when it evaded to a degree
the instruction cf the Assembly given
yesterday to report to-day all the primary
election bills under consideration by It.
When the committee report came in it
consisted only of the substitute bill pre
pared by the Joint committee, together
with the amendments agreed upon In
committee since the reference of the bill
to the committee.
"As it stands now we have pruned the
primary bill down to a pure primary law,
and all things not bearing directly on tho
subject we have taken out and put in
separate bills. It was feared that any
matter even slightly irrelevant would but
endanger the law, and the committee pre-
As the primary bill has come Into the
two houses it is stripped of everything
that would In any way endanger Its con
stitutionality. In speaking of the meas
ure this evening Senator Devlin said: •
I have written a similar letter to Mr. Mac
beth, chairman of the Assembly Committee on
Elections. Very truly yours.
- F. B. STRATTOX.
I think that we ought to endeavor In every
way- to escape from constitutional difficulties
and objections, and certainly It would be the
crentest of prudence and foresight to at once
? Uminate this defect.
I nm rlenrly of the opinion that you cannot
enlarge the scope of a measure by enlarging
the scone of the title of th» bill. If these
matters relate to different subject* th»n they
cannot b- Included in one bill Including more
Jlmn one subject In the title.
In any event the title ought to be changed
si that should these matters not be germane
V' th« cubject of primary elections only the
Irrelevant ructions would be considered as sur
rlufaee and the rest- would '• be allowed to
stand.
In this regard I would refer you to tho case
o* Spier vs. Baker. 120 Cal.. 373. where the.
Fi!pr»-Tne Court. In deciding the primary elec
tion law of 1S57 unconstitutional, held that the
act embraced more than one eubject. It Is
tile the act was not declared unconstitutional
"*?" this ground, for the reason that It
T. i '.r at as to matters not embraced In the
title the act would fall, and as to such matters
not ra embraced there would be in fact no
legislation. The spirit, however, of that de
cirinn. anfl. Indeed, i t9 language, clearly shows
t_L wh<> re a law is passed covering the sub-
J?,.^i i pr V n " ry eI '' ct i o n» t «t win not «1i to in
cSwfiA . matters relating to petitions of
rr ?i ',*"-, I >ollticnl conventions, nominations
««« k ' '¦ommltteen. This will plainly be
SSd^pS?^ 1^.!^*^ o' the court as
an<1 ha *n^J?^ matt u r cIeJU "" r >" mind In framing
1?4 .TJmi, . , pr!mar y elation law of
I have hesitated to the greatest extent <n
riving my views relating To th£ sublet of
primary elections, and. Weed I SouM not
do ,o in the present Instance If \t™£ no t
ns I take it, a matter purely of constitutional
law and not one of policy ' ™ u
I would suggest that the bill be amended by
striking out from the rifle so much Therebf
as follows the words "primary elections."
Further, that ell of sections 1374 1375 ns«
11S7 and 11RS be made the mutter of separate
Mils and should net be Included In one stat
ute.
Here It in expressly declared In the title of
thc- bill to cover the subject not only of pri
mary elections, but of political conventions,
nominations and political committees.
It would n ¦ m to me that on its face you
cover more than one Fubject. and In the body
of Vie bill you deal with th»se different propo
f itlrmj.
According to section 24 of article IV of the
constitution every act fhall embrace but one
Fub.iect. which subject shall be embraced In
it? title
able care, and feel that I ought to sUK*e«t
to you a prave constitutional difficulty which
is presented by the manner In which different
subjects have been amalgamated, both !n the
title and In the body of the bill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ferred to take no chances. Ex-Senator
Stratton advised, this course, and he
made several suggestions in a letter to
the committee. All those clauses he ob
jected to navo been taken out. and as it
stands I am sure we have a primary law
that will stand all assaults. It provides
a general primary at which all parties
shall vote at the same time, a law re
quiring me voter to either take oath
or affirm that he will support tho party
at the general election for which he votes
at the primary, different-colored ballots
for each party so they*may be easily dis
tinguished and pay of $2 a day for pri
mary election officers.!'
Johnson .Vents Spleen on Regents,
ASSEMBLY. PASSES .
UNIVERSITY BILLS
Accusing Them of Poor Fi
nancial Management.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, . SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 2S.— The University of Cali
fornia appropriation bills. Senate bills 540
and 541, were passed by the Assembly this
afternoon, neither of them getting a vote
in thc negative.
The first bill received forty-eight ayes,
and the second sixty-six ayes. Each bill
received some opposition by way of
speech making. Johnson took occasion to
vent some spleen upon tho financial man
agement of the university by the Regents
and to criticize President Wheeler for his
attitude upon the State school book series.
Myers tried to fasten an amendment
upon the bill appropriating $200,000, com
pelling the expenditure of not less than
5 per cent- of all the university revenues
for practical education in agriculture.
Foster, Anderson, Sutro and others op
posed the amendment and Myers with
drew it. "- • • >
County Division Bill Passes.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. ,' SACRA
MENTO. Feb. 2S.— The- county division
bill, amended by agreement between its
friends and former' enemies, was 'passed
by the Assembly to-day after, a close con
test. A call of : the House was heeded
In order to bring out the necessary votes
and after the Speaker -' had ; 'aided his
friend Broughton by every means of de
lay In the announcement of the result 43
votes for the measure were finally secured
to 13 noes.- : " "
The amended bill makes necessary th»»
signatures - of three-fifths of the land
owners of the entire county to the peti
tion .which forms the. initiative in a
county division movement. It will meet
strong opposition in the Senate.
Sentence Commuted.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 28.— The Governor to-day
commuted to fifteen years' ; Imprisonment
rne sentence of death passed upon Oliver
Emerson for the murder of Joseph Ror
prf«, in Tuolumne County, on April 7, 189SL
Kmerson was to have been hanged on
March 8 next. .
Thirty thousand women spend their live^
In driving and steering the canal-boat3 in
Southern and Midland England. ;
Frank W. Pipher, Receiver
Of the California Shoe Company, 1506 Mar
ket street,- reserves nothing. He will
sweep out every pair of shoes, no matter
what they cost. Men's $3 calf and vici kid
shoes f or t $1 25: also ladies' $3 shoes i f or
»1 2o a pair, at the bankrupt shoe sale of
th* California. 1506 Market street nen-
City Hall avenue. «t.-ne«.
F. S. Stratton Reviews theaFavored Meas'iilHe arid Says
Portions of It Are Unconstitutional;
COMMITTEE FAILS TO REPORT
ALL PRIMARY ELECTION BILLS
or the &ocmJ people of the city would plav
:. : a.:Mr5;. Nation er.r;a5emeht: If ¦ : the ; .'.;wj5f
•¦goodi-estabHshmonts »vere not. closed; : ' <V
: ; ..-*?ut..the official statement A -.sued by. the
:c<jok^> and -naiters comes like- a ray of
Farshlr.e and ncwthe.giooai is dispelled
Tlie taxpajere need not ''-'.* concern', themselves
either about the increased future cost::Of con
ducting: the marriage license office. The wed
ding bells may be moie frequent this season,
but It will not be-, due to the closing! of .res
taurants on Sunday. Xor need the proprietors
Xear;a decrease of patronage: '. On -the .Con-
trarj-. U- vOur.'-trade; :Vqie8--;are established the
better service glyeh:.by. hjen'whp afe-not' conjr
relied , to work:: twelve-.iorXfpurtcen': hours -'per
day.and who receive.' decent wages. .wlU'iuhi
doubtedly- : :--cau»e ; even/'Mhe-. .mnn. : «.f,; family to
forego . the batjly .cooked -iScii ot the \horne ind
dinevout.. .•¦' ; - ¦¦ ¦v.-:.-.j;.---:-,;-'.-"?i:. : ¦::¦;¦¦¦•. •¦.-•-•-..'.¦.•¦¦•. ¦¦ ;-. ¦,-¦'¦
4 : CALL -CARTOOXIST PICTURES WHAT MIGHT HAPPEN* IX THIS CITY IF ; THE RESTAURANT^ kk^PERS
/,:••: CLOSED THEIR PLACES OX THE SABBATH DAY AND SHUT OUT THOSE WHO IIAVE NO HOMES AT
1 ¦¦-: :¦:'¦ WHLCH TO EAT.-: ¦:¦;:¦; \ . ¦/>".'• " :; ' : - * ¦ ¦¦¦¦¦ ¦' ¦• ;; ¦".¦ '¦ :- ' V:" >¦ ••.••¦' 1 /' ¦/:"> I- • ; --;v
p-T-^HK members of the Cooks' and
il WaiterS V.nion wish to deny o«-
II . cially the Statement which ap-
JLL" reared in an cvonlns oaper that
: they contemn'.at*. an attempted
Cl6sta£'of the rc?taiurai.ts on Sunday., v--.'
Tliat. portion of the p ublic which was
*s r^**^ to prepare for . the : horrors of
starvation need not lose sleep. Thin au
thorized statement will lift a terrible bur
den off the minds -of those^ 'citizens, who
arc dependent upon; .restaurants for their
meals. They had: actually. begun to gro>v
thin worrying about what .' might haw»
hapj^ned. Had they been unable to tatls
fy the cravings of their inner mar they
would have had to sleep on the Sabbath
day. for sleep banishes hunger; or they
might have had to establish kitchens for
themselves and cook one day each week.
Restaurant-keepers b*gun to fear th-j
.wrath of their customers and they did
everything in their power to dissuade
them from believing the vapuo rumor.
The pessimist as U3ual began to grum-
Tsle at tbe condition of thlnca. He bp
tncar.cd oil ill luck In not being able to
sioep an extra hour on Sunday morning
for fear of losing his opportunity to ge*
ehaved by the tonsoriai artist who closes
Jiis ehop promptly at 12 that day Ho
prumbled at the breakfast table because
his landlady furnished him stale breai
and rolls— the baker having failed to pu*
in his appearance, it being the Sabbath"
His complaints were unceasing aid he
crowned his sorrows «n the Howine bowl
nnd then it occurred to him that the bar
keepers would soon demand a day of rest
Gourmets Need Not Fear That They Will Be Unable to
Secure Their Meals on Sundays.
A facetious member of the tinion px
prp^sps his vlcwg on the subject In the
following letter:
Our organization has be*n formed to secure
better condition* of employment for ourselves,
but w( are sensible enough to know the public
mujt be ft-d on Pundar as well as any other
•lav. Consequently tho -tdlk of Sunday closing
is simply the product of the superheated Im
agination of some one In no way connected
wjth the union. -VVe. wish to say that when
w'fc itsk that our trade rules be enforced we
will Elve' due notice tc the proprietors and
whatever' 1»: done wUi. be done In -a business
like , manner.'.- : The long train of ultimatums,
grievance committees, ind. walking; delegates
will not affrlKht.the public. The probabilities
are there will be neither strike nor boycott.
We depend upon metnods at the fame time
much more effective and much less objection
able. We shall simply endeavor to Inculcate
a healthy publlc'sentlment against the patron
age of such employers as refuse to grant rea
sonable hours and wages to their employes.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 28.— The committee on
Ways and Means reported to-day a sub
stitute bill for Assembly bill 220, the
Redwood Park Commission bill presented
by the Semnervirens Club. It was re
ferred to the Committee on Introduction
of Bills and will undoubtedly be placed
on file, and so far as tho Assembly is con
cerned there Is an excellent prospect for
Its passage. ¦• '
The new bill. Assembly bill 872, makes
changes in the old bill mainly In makine
the $250,000 appropriation available in
$50,000 portions yearly, beginning on Janu
ary 1, 1902. the last $50,000 being available
on January J, 1906. -.-, None of the money
may be expended by the "California Red
wood Park Commission," created" by the
bill, until abstracts of titje have been
furnished for. the lands acquired.
The 'commission is empowered to select
the most available .-sites for redwood
parks, but it is anticipated that the Big
Basin in Santa Cruz County will be the
first selection in case the bill becomes a
law. Et&FltmSaB&fSggEBaiBgjm
Will Probably Be Reported
Favorably.
Ref erred to the Proper Committee and
SUBSTITUTE FOB THE
REDWOOD PARK BILL
The State tax for all purposes will come
under the limit of 50 cents on the $100 In
dications are that the assessment roll will
bo unusually, large, and consequently the
tax rate will bo low.
The several district agricultural socle
tlps receive an aggregate appropriation of
$80,300.
The bill Is subject to amendment on the
floor of either house and may be ln
crpased or decreased before final passage.
The tax levy will be the next measure
of importance to com? from the Ways
and Means Committee. Chairman Fisk
said to-night that tho committee would
proceed at once to its final compiling.
This measure will contain the appropria
tions for tho school fund, interest and
sinking fund, etc. It will demand some
thing in tho '¦sighborhood of $6,000,000.
It Is now f •eshadowed that a sum in
excess of $11,000,000 will be provided to
maintain the State government for the*
next two years, the amount to be raised
for the support of common ¦ schools as
fixed by law.
-The State Agricultural- Society receives
$30,000', same amount as provided In< the
last general appropriation billi ; ¦ ' \
.A saving of $40,000 is effected on clothing
for. the National Guard, as ¦the'equip
ment:of the State soldiery- was provided
for two years ago. For summer encamp
ments of the guard $30,000 Is provided. :¦•'¦
The State makes a considerable sav
ing in the salary list of the Debris Com
mission. •- .. The commissioner ,' is allowed
$1200 instead of $7200 for the -• two years,
and the clerk $600 Instead of $3000, as for
merly. These reductions meet the con
ditions of bills recently passed. •:••'«
The following summary shows the pro
vision made for conducting the most Im
portant institutions In the State: Stock
ton State Hospital, $405,000; Xapa State
Hospital. $407,860; Agnews State Hospital
$253,400; Mendpeino State Hospital $206
100; Southern California State Hospital
$233,900: Institution for Deaf and Durrb
and Blind, Berkeley, $11S,25O; Home for
Feeble-minded Children, Eldridge, $180.
700; Home for Adult Blind, Oakland.
$45,800: transportation of Insane and cf
feeble-minded children, $55,000; State
prison, San Quentin, $221500; State
prison. Folsom, $216,400; "Whittier Sta'e
School. $170,100; Preston School of In
dustry. $85,100; State Normal School, San
Jose. $108,000; State Normal School. Los
Angeles. $106,800; State Normal School,
Chlco, $«3.5G0; State Normal School, San
Diego, S57.300: State Normal School, San
Francisco. 137,500.
The Fish and Game Commission gets a
slight increase. The various county agri
cultural societies receive the same amount
as allowed two years ago. '.', . ;.•/¦ .
The Harbor Commissioners ¦ of San
Francisco will have to pay for their print
ing-: out of their own funds?, the Item of
$5000 for- this purpose which was- allowed
at: the last session being eliminated., ..
The item of $2400 for rent for the Has
tihffs Law School at San Francisco is also
omitted, there, being no longer 'necessity
for -it: ' - •. :-.'/;'. . ¦ .. :•./ : v>. :•:.¦
; There i.was more consternation, but the
ice was broken and a cursory discussion
ofithe bill followed, an hour and a half
being devoted to iti In the afternoon the
committee still further considered it and
upon rollcall voted to. recommend .1 for
passage; The bill is. known as Assembly
bin 375. : ; ¦¦,:•¦¦¦...¦:. ¦/¦¦.;.:.¦ ; - :
•The total of appropriations is $5,007 ,57-3;
which is approximately $41,000 below the
; total of : the bill of two years atro.
As many new ;items are included, made
necessary by the State's growing needs,
the. bllj re-ally represents -a reduction in a
large number of items, to an amount
. much. In excess of $40.000.i The greatest
reduction is made in the appropriation
for the San Quentin State Prison, which
is SIOO.OOO less than two years ago. This
i» made possible by the surplus in that
fund.' ' ¦. .- ; •'• •. ¦ •
I The appropriation bill makes provision
I for two additional clerks to the Secretary
of State and three to the State Board of
Examiners.
The State Veterinary Surgeon Is also
provided for to the extent of $5000.
The State Normal School at San Fran
cisco is given $37,o00 for support, salaries
of teachers, and printing. There are new
J officers and institutions which did not fi$r
•ure in the la.«t general appropriation bill.
The State Mining Bureau is given $50,003.
an Increase of $10,000 over the appropria
tion of last year. «
} The Lunacy Commission Is given an ln
jcrease sufficient to cover the cost of print
¦ ins for the several State hospitals, as that
| branch of the work will hereafter be in
[charge of the commission.
Whittier State School is allowed $170,000.
as against $120,400. : . ;
"Governor, would it not be better form
for the bill: to be read to us, so that we
may; know its items before we are ask-;d
to approve it?". . ; •' />. •
A painful silence followed. The gooi
boys kept dutifully quiet and the less
obedient members were dumfounded.
Presently Alden Anderson found hi?
voice and said: .
CALL, HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO, Feb. 23.— Chairmrn Fisk of tho
Ways and Means Committee presented
the general appropriation bill to the As
sembly at 4 o'clock this afternoon. The
Committee op Introduction of Bills at
once reported In favor of introduction and
the Assembly so ordered by unanimous
vote. The bill was nesit to tho printer on
rush orders. The last day's work of tho
Ways and Means Committee on tho bill
was marked by a conference with Gov
ernor Gage. The members of the commit
tee were summoned to the Governor's of
fice this morning at 10 o'clock and when
they were all seated the Governor said:
"Here is the bill. 1 don't want any
changes or alterations made in it."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Greatest Reduction Is Made
in Appropriation for San -
Quentin Prison.
Committee Votes to
Recommend That
It Pass.
UNUSUALLY LOW
APPROPRIATION
BILL PRESENTED
RESTAURANTS WILL REMAIN
OPEN ON THE SABBATH DAY
THE SAN FRAKCISCQ ¦ CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1901.
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
§VllVf, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
clKarPtte-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost
Power. Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility, Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of f>?men. mm Varicocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne*^flJ rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effectsi!^, JtJTLs- r e immediate.
Impart vigor and «- K " ' to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure is at
band. Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box: 6 for $2 BO by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY" CO..
40 Ellis St., San Francisco. CaL GRANT
DRUG CO., 38 and 40 Third St.
Avisi? OR. JORDAN'S oreat£
{MUSEUM OF ANATOMY?
e C3> iobi vasse: st. m. torn, s.r.osi. i
\ .Of Tha L«r^ctt Anatomical Museum In the \
d _1jmIi_, World. Vk etknets*? or any contracted <f
' mSSeCSI dite " e P«« 1I « w ' >| ycar«idbytheoldcit ?
V!) |52j3I fcpsciilUtcatlKCottt. Est-34 yetn $
h ftfizh °*- DISEASES 4
\ VwS^II" CosTOltatlon frr-n »nd strlrtly priTmtc. \
ft H Xa&lS T " »' nlen t personally or by letter. A M
Y fl flrnH ftMjw t\rru in e»ery case undertaken. T
13 IP I nm> w nt« for Book. PaIILO8OraV«ff4
" U 11 . HAnniAGE. MAILED FA3B. I AW
A A If' ' *» lliat)l<! book for mm; \
V Oil JUBDAH **:•., 1091 Market Kt-.S. F. 9
BAJ A CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE, INVIGORA-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
rtys and Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
323 Market et.. S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
fHiy/^ys^sg^y^i
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. : NAVY YARD AND VALLEJO. :
¦ Steamer "Mont'cello." .
MON.. Tues.;. Wed.; Tmirs. and Sat. at 9:45
a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. ¦ (ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:80; Sundays, 10:30 a. m.. 8
p. m. " Landing and of flee,' Mission-street Dock,
Pier No. 2. Tel'-phone Main 1308.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m Steamers leave Broadway
Pfct wharf. San Francisco:
ISSf^i. For Alaskan Ports— 11 a. m..
ilS^^Bi^ March 2. 7, 12. 17. 22. 27. April
H IW^»^3K L Chanw to company's
I tfLn&n^H steamers at Seattli*.
i KJEsr**^_J&i or Vancouver (B.
BKm^<Ba3 O. Port Townsend. Sfattl*.
IIL Tacoma. Kverett. Anacortes
and X^w Whatcom (Wash.) —
11 a. m.. March 2. 7, 12. 17.
22. 27, April 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. March
4. 9. 14. ist, 21, 29, April 3. and every fifth day
thereafter. '
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
Keles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. ra.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Blmeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavi-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Loa Angeles) and
Newport— Steamer Corona, Fridays 9 a. m. ;
Steamer Bonlta, Tuesdays, 9am."
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa RosaJIa
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a.- ra.. 7th each month.
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street fPal.ice Hotel).
GOODALU PKRKINS & CO.. Gen. Airts..
10 Market St.. Ban Francisco.
THE 0. R. & IV. CO.
DISPATCH PAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE S12 First Class including Berth
IMnC $3 Second Clasi and Meats.
COLUMBIA sails. Mar. 4. 14, J4. Apr. 3
GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. 9, 19, 23, Apr. %
Short Line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
1 Montgomery st.
occanicss.co.ss
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu. Samoa. New •
Zealand and Australia...
Wednesday. March «. 9 p. m
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. March 13. 4 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday, March 18. 2 p. m.
1. D. SPRECKELS 4 BEDS. CO., Geoaral Imf), 327 Karfctt St
fci'l Passes: Offla, 643 Market St.. Pisr la. 7, PasS: St
PA Cine 6TXAM NAVIGATION CO. A5D
00MPANIA BUD AMERICANA DE VAF0R58
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing:
SS. COLOMBIA March 7. 1901
B8. TUCAPEL March 20. 1901
SS. AREQUIPA ...........April 4. 1901
S3. LIMARI April 17. 1901
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 1 316 California street.
UALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Agents.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
WHITE STAR STEAMSHIP GO.
•Will Dlipatch Steamer
OR,EC3-OI>T
FOR
NOME
Via. Katmal.
A\/\RGH 5tH.
For Information Apply to
WHITE STAR STEAMSHIP CO.. *
Union Block. Seattle. »
Or
832 Market St.. Room 4. S. F.
AMERICAN LINE;
WZW TORS. BOtJTHAXTTOV. LOITOOV. T AS3X
Stepping at Cherbourr. weatboand.
From New Tork Every Wednesday at 19 a. ra.
Bt. Loul» Mar. 13|St. Louis April I
New Tork Mar. 2olNew Tork April 10
Vaderland Mar. 27 > Vaderland April 17.
RED STAR LINK
New York and Antwora,
From N«w Tork Every "Wednesday. 13 Noon.
Weaternland ...Mar. UlFriesland .April S
Kensington ....Mar. 20|Southwark ....April 10
Noordland Mar. 271 Westertand ....April 17
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO..
CIIAS. X>. TATLOR. General Arent.
Paelflc CoAst. 30 Montgomery at.
TOYO KISEN KA1SHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARP. COR-
ner First and Brannan itreeti. at 1 o. m .
for YOKOHAMA and HONOKONO. catling at
Kobe <Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with ste^aiers fcr
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
SS. AMERICA MARtT.... Friday. March 15. Mtt
SS. HONGKONG MARU.. Tuesday. April 9. 1901
SS. NIPPON MAIIU Friday. M*y 3. 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and psasagp apply at company's offlcs.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R. R. TSS
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. *1O5: Storage. V4O.
S. S. St. Paul sails Wednesday, Mar. 6.
S. S. Argyll sails Tuesday, March 10.
S. S Roanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
From wharf, foot of Lombard *t, at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. r. ( ONNOn.. Paelflc Coast . Agent.
COSPASNIZ SKSERALB TBA53AT1A5TIQCB.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARI3. .^^
Salllntr every Thunday. Instead of
Faturdny. at 10 a. m.. from Pier 12.
North River, foot of Morton street. First-class
to Havre, |o5 and upward. Secoiid class to
Havre. $45 nnd upward. GENERAL AOENCT
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADAT S3
Broadway (Hudson building). New Torfc. J
F. FUUAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Ag*ut». $
Montgomery avenue. Ban Francisco. Tickets
sold hy all Railroad Ticket Axeata. ¦
| Men's? Women's and Children's |
| Hosiery on Special Sale To-Day* I
i SaeciBl Sale • T °i'i °f y VyKj," 1 ? Imaortant * f« » 'I
i Tuxedo Veilings. Hosiery Sate. %T,l *
f Children's Polk* Dot Ho«— Fin? qaalty i^S\ r®\ *
i 3 ** 3 27 G, regular value an as- fardl «'. the coon w^ntrd !a«; our YSVgB 'm
*i" Jvf\^Jaa3*\ lonment of imitation cut g'ass Po.vJer Jarr, Hit «£«'" extra value 2 jc hosr, in sizes 5 to /^J V.HJ £
¦*i I'iFgy^/Wi^i Rf c- ! v«s. Soap Trays and P.n Receivers: thev 9; ? n ! f^l ul faIc tc^>- only, 3 £> A* *?W %
& Ililr-^fllll haVC handsom: nickd Frcnch g"y ornamrntal fairs SOc; «ng!e pair •*
Si J I \\/^\ 9 8 ! -covers; th<re are onlv 200 of them; worth regu- • j.' m ; '_* •; ••• ;"• ..¦#*? fiSP^ .«
K HliO'li Iarly sbe-Mch, wh-ch will te on .pi- Lad»« Fast BItck Ho$e-B-.-c Maco cot- . W^ J} . X
"^^^JgP^ t ial'sale in ma'n able Friday on'y . . . . * 1? 7C ton, lace effect drop stitch, high spUccI . .-.-•.-, . % == ; g
* • " hee s, double sales, offered usually as a big bargain '. a? aoc a m jm M
|» ~ : ~" : P>»r, m special sale to-day only ; .". V; M*rG X
U * S1wnMmF*nn4 -We ire t«rticu- . Men's Fancy Hosiery— About i 7 d<wcn o'tne rcguJar -sVqtuiiry socks 5
£ 2i " *SM*** r L.%"' i Iarly well sup- &Xtk ln «k grounds with purp'e or pe-n stripes, on «ptcial sale _
I Corsets 75c. ? n/d with & «?! M . to^M cny -iv c- 3#»a/f«50c s
H popu'ar Stra : ght-Front Conets; in all of the best- f"*/ \ Men * Merc « r ' 2 " Cotton Socks-Look like silk, in tan, black, navy, j
known makes. Th-y five you a figure like the J \ V " Ct . e and rc(l > "anu'aitured to se3 for 35c, special to- Kn •
» picture. We have aU .ires, most y in llack, but £fc< «.".! V v l " • 3pa/r»Ol/C? k
j£ we a'so have <h\»b and wh'te /VkiVV ScC " — Se»m'e«s, perfect fitting; 40 dozen of these X
%' 7Rr «# f»n «# tsn a nn 7 tXWK T/ ] - good UiIit y **k» on special sa'e to-day only tt
*£ $3.00, $5»OO. I VX\r&7 en ' s Merino Socks— Camel's ¦ "haij and natural^ gray, 36 dcren only, Jt
ft _ -I; T 1 \\ \\V>^ regularly »oc a piir, on special sale Friday. ......'. -»,— «
$ Ladies' Hose ; A^? Yif r 2 pairs 25 o 5
S Supporters We. Hfl!" /*lf . Q - F — — {
»? FrUltd Elastic Side Suppoiters, with ««PriscUW ' .,.,-¦ '- Od/e ?°' "^Vf'; S
*, cla?ps; colors rei, blue, pijk, cerise, ennge and NOW DrGS*iG*S /Vv- ° "^ ; ri>^»fe "3
| t ,,^ y , i;cjp]tiS^ lM .d ir o % , f6c af §25.00. VZT& : ml I
a/ \ "¦ * • ' ."* ; *"* prettiest lot of . ' y> «^r M
a? : : : — -r . swagger Etcns that you or anybody else erer faw «
t Hew MUiinery'' '.Cy^- : j0^m m^ %™l^ M Z\^!TZ TUiZ K%X, |
£ S6.OO to $15.00. ro.V° r j0mm* " r ; y in t J; ? on ' a - H co!ors " d Iiz "' no / kllH *
i =nd Sa-urday a cholcTand F r Ct tv lot of n,w Spring %^M^J T^ • * "^ T' "' / pAWf) $
tf Hats /rum our own workrooms. They «e fo^ price-your choice (M\ *
tf chanringly trimmed, all revv, and the price very rSp*^'*^| •"... ...y .............. Mffmm%0 I fT**
j^ . : . • lew for suth millinrry — . '.'• . . ** mf ¦ ' '.' — . ' •"' : ' A I II I <m
I r^V Jm^io *t2*fih \lr Woolen Waists r,^.Tj 5
tf [ sA 9'*JmuUf 9IjCmUU 9 1 '- ¦¦•¦•¦ mj im rm • . daysof this \ // x
.gv(J«g):,t-.- : ;> $15.00. -:¦ o:yrT$g®s^; if a ** Price.,- ;/\ m7 or™ ,)J . I S
£ ... ;..>S^j_ r -*lgr ¦¦;.¦' .'-¦-.. '¦.¦¦,.¦¦ ¦:¦"¦'¦'¦¦¦'. V '•;.-¦" ,.- - : ;-~v ¦•¦-¦¦¦ » ; "c- ; —Fr.day and Saturday. '"..¦/..'¦'¦' .-> ; \ •¦ '>:.• • • •' %'o/Vb l\" 5
.**:' -I '^h"J^f? ¦'¦¦'- Nc-wV Panarnj Straw :^.y :;'' : ;.': : y:i I y AU $2-oo Woolen Waists..;,; .^;.. $f,OO \\ 5
.'.«»¦ ¦'¦'.:. "^Ty : V: ¦'•:.¦'¦ Hats, just like picture; striped bands of jo'id color All fi.50 Woolen Wakts...., .,...„ $f*23 /«v\ V\
k a J^^i^ s'lk crrpe; smart hats; in three qualities. v l ..;!.. AU J3. 00 Woolen Watts...... $1,50 y^Ey'VP/WP^ S
X ¦^¦^^T^ : :':-:V: J ..:\:J... :..,-.. $2.5O, 93.QO, S4-.BO Mt+J*> Woolen Waists. i.L't;:; .'$2.OO / ¦J^fc**2 S K' S
K '.'.'¦'¦¦ :-':'-.'v.;-T : -."".' : " ..¦"•¦¦; ',>,:?..'- ' " .-''/•'.'¦ > -y-jy.-:' ':--¦ An t S-°° Woolen WaLts .;./..:..:.. 3 j>.5Q -y *?
fc° SueCiai Saie w^ ve j"-t loatets of; these "John ::;:;¦ -S >:..'/... . : — . : '' '' ' ''"' — -¦•"••.• , >. V' * M
I Table Knives. l^^WM^M. & / ?f"* ro/</ f re</ £ I ! ™&SS., s rJ ; S5 1
fg orTer at tprciai sale ¦¦-¦ _ \ •.¦¦¦¦-:.-¦¦.¦¦ ¦-¦ ' , TWfMtStr^lantt dS ... .¦ : ¦ carefnny with lilk, finely J*
if ..-._ Friday only; srt (- _„ "^^ ; J stitched in doti and figures, a gcod variety of .medium colon and even- •*
h .of 0%t% " '- ••¦¦¦¦¦• : ' : m % shades that were $ 1,09 to Jl.15 yard, on ipecial sale —^ {E
S 6 JPMmdStS ¦ ."¦ ¦ . " .¦ ¦' " ¦;•¦ . ¦'¦¦¦¦**;,- ¦'¦¦ -¦,:;;;, ¦.>¦¦¦.'¦¦¦ .-"to-day only;', . .".¦.¦'i^v^.V.*.'-. . . .' 7SC%
I B^ Sale off
I fbff* Friday Onfy. Bedroom Furniture. %
J Best Creamery Butler— We sell none but -the choicest This attractive :. ;:, j
V dairy product; regular size squares; on special *>%*%1 Golden Oak w^-^-^S^tS**^ f~*-*<Scfo)*—S> 'm
5» sale to-day only W mm 2.C Bedroom Suit \ '""""f&itffflX ¦ 5
i : of 3 pieces— \ fi f f 5
*C $1.50 Framed -A,™™, •*£**** beautii^l well made and . % , ?$% J \ \
?. mmmm*±*s. 0*9** soft-toned Carbonets, rrpsoductions neatly carved \ \-^.--.~-!S V\ Z 4 __f?l I «
K **CtUr 65 €fm»C of the works of the most celebrated dresser has a i5r-r--=-.T -" ' // l ~ J^-^S ' j5
j^ artists, each art'stically fram:d in i J-<-inch Flemish oak with handsome p V, k . 1 r -^=^"?// ? ~ r *?KL tLEi^^^^M* "f
fc* po!d-burnished ornaments; s'z: m ide m^asu-e 10x13 inches; plcturrs rcncn DCVCieu i. ; , x «. L , J _, -Tf i^ " ' >v Jl
.*S that ;el regularly for 51.50 each are offered at sje.ial sale plate mirror ; ' ' |f???^7^ a '^ \-,k^?^4 m Sn Ji
k - V in[ Art D-partment to-day &3C 30x24 inches, l-gg^aJ^^f^^TTi^ II *^^ *
J "1 7-^-7- — ~ and swell front, : MiMW zpWtff) "_f "^Pl j!
I Principe de Gales 1 " vT IP^^p^ m^^M 5
I Cigars 3 far 25c. is J 5 T o ' is -^ ¦¦ -^ i
Jk* *^ .;-' /¦ • .•"!*>-.: offered at special sale to-day only. .... **%*%*% mm mm x
&' On Friday and Saturdav only (two days) we will sell the • A ¦ \ : : .-'... • T&mwifg # <%jP "'•
»» famous Principe de Gales Clear r yir*i.v if j mm i," \1 ' i. "#/"""" V * " * V " T V, --* " * •
I Havana Cigars, the large size..><5. lOr 25 C Hatr tlrC i S tr A F&5&&& ™ ttI . es9 - covcrcd "** *
» ¦¦.:.;¦¦ ; :V>v.*-;;:/f,;; ¦'¦%-¦¦.¦¦: ""/- /¦¦¦¦.- ':/./.¦¦. .;-.V • excellent ackmg, in one piece or -in sections, 9
;¦«? - . "" • '~ r T — ' -'•' ;/ - : '-•' '":'¦'¦:¦¦ '" - ,-Y as desired, for.. I-; : ;".':;-v»:'v.^: : - '¦ $8»5Ox
f^^E^^fm^^^^^^ Cbillonlep-Of GoldenjOak;: fiv^ drawers and a hat box, f
fOr- rl*luaym J,:;{>' : U^oi floor. g ood castings, neatly ornamental-^-on spc- j
»f Port or;Sh'err\r. Win: — ¥fa$pa^,/pi^^c}X'£;'£^^^80o c ' a l sale to-day only.Vv^ .;*./";.;;•. ';¦.:, i^. . $6.25 5
&" Hcrmitatfe Whisky-^— Put up.in quart. bottlesj:ago6d- : old' whisky that i-._ -d^a xtt r\ v i '¦'¦':' '"¦:¦¦':'.-' :' " " . , . X
* ser S r«ubrlyfi|, ; cKDbo«le,^ay, ; v;;h^.;wrw.:...75o ? ? f cn^eled, any ;--«ze, a strong, durable. S
"ft Oin^er Alt— The celebrated Lytton. Springs,, regularly, ¦|i.oo dozen, hygienic bed— on special sale to-day, only. ;• ., j
g-- special t6 day.... .GBo ' ... .. . ..:. . '.\i, i^j/S .w.'...'. .\ i^Vi $2.25 *
| Playing Oards Wo a ««-— eiabw^m.i. m The Emporium \
i^:^*M beards, iiiC EWFORiiJIJ h "Economist." %
tf, with photo ot. Emporium en backs— H P^T ' «**? « ITB S S *° T ~' S min3moth "talogue ' x
&V; special Friday and Saturday only, m0% JT.^^Z 4 * ******^CMle Bit.Tnar. ,. w ffl soan be ready. Send name and ad- X
Californ^ laroest-amer.^ grandest store. n « once fc,,^,. I
THE EMPOKIUJI.
THE EMPOBIiraL
THE EMPOEIXTM.ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
COUNTING IN CRIB-H. F. B., City.
In crib two kings, queen and Jack and
king turned up count 15.
ANDREW CARNEGIE— I* A. H. and
Subscriber, City. The address of Andrew
Carnegie Is 5 West Fifty-first street, New
York City.
ON THE TRANSPORTS— A. B. City.
For Information as to the examination re
quired for those who seek employment In
the transport service of the United States
application should be made at the office
of the transport service In the United
States army building, on New Montgom
ery street, near Mission.
NOMINATION— B. H. H., Oakland. Cal.
In a fraternal organization it is custom
ary, but not necessary, to second the
nomination of a member for ah office. All
that is requisite is to place a member in
nomination so that the others may know
that he is a candidate. The seconding
of a nomination is merely complimentary.
THBRMOBAROMETBR-E., Oakland,
Cal. There is an Instrument used for
measuring altitudes according to the boil
ing point of water. It Is called thermo
barometer and consists of a metallic ves
sel for boiling water, fitted with very deli
cate thermometers,' graduated only from
80 to 100 degrees centigrade (176-212 F.), so
that each degree occupying considerable
space on the scale, even hundredths of a
degree may be noted; thus It is possible to
determino the altitude of a given place
within about ten feet.
TRANSPIRE AND PERSPIRE-^A. H.,
City. There is the same definition
for "transpire" as there Is for "perspire,",
namely, "to emit through the pores of the*
skin." In the ordinary use of the English
language the word "perspire" Is used -in
speaking of sweat, and "transpire;* -is
used to designate "come out'* or "become
known." The definition of "transpira
tion" is given as "the process of passing
off through the pores of the skin in the
form of vapor," » and that, of perspira
tion" as "evacuation of moisture through
the pores of the skin." .
, MONTE CARLO-C. B., City. Monte
Carlo is a par't^of Monaco, the smallest
of the Independent principalities of Eu
rope. It is on the Mediterranean coast a
few miles northeast of Nice. It 5s sur
rounded by French territory. It consists
of three towns, Monaco, the capital; Con
damine and Monte Carlo. At the last
•named . place is the Casino, a group of
buildings situated in a park, nlso hotels
and villas for the accommoOation cf tho
visitors to the gambling rooms, which are
located in the Casino. .
SUNKEN island— j. w., City. At
lantis, according to ancient tradition was
a; vast island In_ the Atlantic Ocean'. It
OUR TRADE WITH RUSSIA.
rIGURES which have just been compiled by the
United States Bureau of Statistics show that the
evil of the tariff war which Russia has precipi
tated is by no means so serious as the general public
has feared. The exports of manufactured goods from
this country, so far from reaching the value of
$30,000,000, as has been asserted, have never reached
one-fourth of that sum. That much is made clear by
the official statistics not only of the United States
but of Russia.
According to the report of the bureau the Ameri
can exports of manufactures to Russia range in value
from $3,000,000 to $4,000,000 annually. That is the
showing of figures obtained in this country. The
Russian official statistics show that our manufactured
exports to that country have averaged in value a little
over $4,000,000 a year since 1895, the earliest date at
which detailed figures of Russian imports are obtain
able. - ; ''£¦/'% > V 7: :?: r ;
The report of. the Bureau of Statistics goes on to
point out that the Russian statements of total imports
of goods of all classes originating in the United
States have never, save in two exceptional years,
shown as much as $30,000,000, and have averaged
since 1895 less than $25,000,000 per annum, and of
this sum more than three-quarters represents raw cot
ton, which is not affected by the recent order of th;
Russian Government. Much of the American cot
ton iriiported into Russia is bought in the markets cf
Europe, and thus, while represented in the Russian
importations as of American origin, does not show
in the export statements from the United States be
cause it is sent from this country direct to the great
cotton markets of Europe, Liverpool and Bremen,
and thence is distributed to -Russia and other interior
slates of Europe. , ,,. i
Owing to the fact that Russia obtains a large por
tion of her American cotton imports through other
countries tliere is a discrepancy in -the showing of
her trade statistics when compared with our own.
Our statistics show exports of. only about $10,000,000
in value to Russia', while the Russian figures show
imports of American goods to the value of $25,000,
000. The difference is due to the cotton shipped by
us to Great Britain or Germany, and thence taken tc
Russia, where it is credited to the United States.
.. Taking the whole subject into consideration, and
after a review of the official statistics of both coun
tries, the report says the value of the articles exported
from this country to Russia which have been made
subject to maximum duties by the. recent decree
English merchants r.re organizing, it is said, to op
pose what they fear ?.re the aggressions. of American
trade in their country. They evidently still believe
that curious notion of antiquated political economy
that in a bargain either the buyer or the seller must
lose.' They should not deprive themselves of an ad
vantage or us of a privilege. ¦••
THE ANTI-SUFFRAGIST.
\4 ANY a periodical has been started in the
/ \ United States for no other purpose than that
of supporting some ; particular movement.
Indeed spme of them have been designed to advance
what should be termed a "wiggle" rather than a
movement. Rarely, however, has any one thought
it worth while to launch a new publication merely
for the purpose of opposing something. It is there
fore worth noting that there has now been established
in New York. City a neat little four-paged periodical
bearing the title "Anti-Suffragist," which has for
its sole object a refutation of the arguments of the
advocates of the. enfranchisement of women.
The paper asserts that the woman suffrage move
ment received its first.impulse from what it calls "the
extravagant teachings" of Jean Jacques Rousseau,
and goes on t<? say: "It stands to-day at its first real
turning point. Its old leaders are reverting to some
of its earlier utterances and conduct. They have pub
lished a Bible that reveals the soul and intelligence of
the movement. Law and religion arc attacked, and
man is denominated woman's enemy. Another leader
in reverting to the early type is organizing a crusade
against a country that grants woman far more legal
privileges than man. The new leaders, meantime,
have thrown aside the old arguments and ceased to
utter the ringing war cries that confused the battle
and misled the unwary."
It is to meet the crisis of this turning point that the
new publication has entered the field of combat. It
gives fair notice that if a woman "believes in suffrage
it should receive her cid in the hour of its trial. If
she does not believe in suffrage she should give help
to those who are striving to lay to rest the haunting
presence of a figure that has loomed athwart the path
of woman's progress, lo, these many years."
Such is the aim and object of the new champion of
woman's cause, and from the brightness and direct
ness with which the attack upon the suffragists is
made in the first number it is "evident the editors of
the periodical intend to support- their side of the issue
with vim and vigor. , .
A bill designed to make the occupants of public of
fice the logical candidates to 'succeed themselves has
been introduced at Sacramento. It is honestly to be
hoped fore this city's welfare that the measure will not
become operative until the exhting administration has
passed into history.
The administration of Chinese justice has at least
one advantage over our own. Offenders. condemned.:
to death may have their choice of modes of extinc
tion, but the disagreeable fact remains that it is a. deli
cate task to choose between strangulation .and '. de
capitation. . • • . •
Colombian rebels have broken out again and ar«
using the firebrand as well" as the sword. It would
seem that nothing less than an earthquake will be
necessary to quiet these little southern spitfires.
.j. : -, — — ¦ j
sence of pressure on any part of the fig
ure the dress was far more conducive to
health in its shape than in its warmth or
weight. The bonnets were varied in shape
from a simple infant's cap to a huge, pro
jecting "cabriolet."
The empire dress of January, 1S01, was
certainly graceful on a person of slender
figure, having well-shaped arms, well-set
head and good carriage. It was inexpres
sibly unbecoming to fat, thick-set, clum
sy-Duilt women — but n» more so, possibly,
than other wodes have been and ever will
be to such unfortunates. Dame Fashion
provides no shapes or styles for the
"unco" fat."
Tho best known name In the history of
fashion of this date is Mme. Recamler.
An English lady describes the dress sh«
wore in the Kensington gardens, London:
"She appeared a rar.tiq.ue, her musl'n
dress clinging to her lorm like the folds
of drapery on a statue, her hair in a plait
in tho back and falling in small ringlets
over her face and greasy with hulle an
tique, a large veil thrown over her head."
Seen through the haza of the century the
huile antique seems a little too classical
and not overalluring.
Muslin and Dimity for January Wear.
I have just examined with much Inter
est the winter numbers of La Belle As
semblee and the Ladv"s Magazine of th-3
early years of the nineteenth century and
the chief emotion is that any of. oar
grandmothers survived those .years bo
A CHANGE TO SMILE.
Mrs. Cublefgh— But. Henry, dear. In this
photograph you have but one button ca
your coat.
Mr. Cublelgh— Thank heaven, you've no
ticed it at last! That's why I had the pho
tograph taken.— Smart Set. « -/ *
"I am afraid." said the editor, after ha
had read the manusciiot of the netr dra
matic critic's first criticism, "that you do
not possess the; aptitude for speaking of
the drama."
"But. sir," protested the poor fellow,
who really knew a good play when he sa^r
one, " do I not say that 'Jangled Jangles'
13 a play of deep interest?"
"You do. but you fall to say that It Is a
play of deep human interest." — Harper's
Bazaar.
Instead of "Twinkle, twinkle, little "tar**
Boston kindergarten wee ones aro taught
to recite:
"Scintillate, scintillate, globule vlvlflc
Gazed on with rapture by girls scientific.
Posed in ethereal atmosphere high.
A sparkler from 'way back hung up In th»
sky." —Denver Evening Poat.
"It is a mistake," said Senator Sorg-htxm,
"to suppose that I have not a senaitlvo
disposition. Why, I remember an occa
sion when just ona llttl« word made mi
feel blue for a ¦week."
. "When waa that?"
"A Ions time agro. I went to a biff capi
talist and asked him for a subscription ta
my campaign fund. lie said 'no.* "—
Washington Star.
He— "Well, whathave you there?
She— Two of your old letters, dear.
He— Umph! What's the first one*— that
forty-pager?
She — One you sent mo when, I had a
slight cold before we »vcre married. This
half-page is the on© vcu wrote last win
ter when I was very ;'.! with th© Influenza.
That's all. dear.— Tit-Bits.
Lady Sharp— Her marrlasre seems to ba
happier than tho majority of that kind.
The Hon. Billy— Yes, and it's all owic*
to the wisdom of her father. Instead of
settling a fortune upon them, he gives his
titled son-in-law an allowance that la to
cease If they ever separate.
Lady Sharp— Oh, I see. Instead of buy-
Ing a husband for her ho has secured one
on a salary.— Modern Society.
"And I want to say, To my husband.'
In an appropriate place," said the wido-w
ln conclusion, to Slab, the gravestone
man.
"Yessum," said Slab. And the Inscrip
tion went on: "To my husband. In an
appropriate place." — Tit-Bits.
AGGRESSIVE Bryanites and timid Republicans
in. Congress have joined to prevent action on
the bill to restore our merchant marine. No
argument worthy of the name has been made against
that measure in the Senate or the opposition press.
A great deal of mouthing has been done by parties
¦who arc without knowledge of the features or inten
tiohs of the bill. \ . . :
It-is intended to extend to deep water ships the
same equalizing policy of protection which has so
immensely developed our lake and coast shipping.
The latter is exclusively American. No ship Hying
a foreign fi.ig is permitted in the coastwise trade.
Therefore the 25 per cent higher cost of building and
35 per cent higher cost of running an American ship
are\ not felt in that trade, since the cheaper built and
cheaper run foreign ships are not permitted to ente
it and compete with ours. ¦ . ..
On deep water, however, we have to meet that
cheap competition, .and our competitors have the ships
and we have not, so they get the trade and we pay
them about $160,000,000 a yea.* for carrying our
products, which ought to be paid to our own people.
Senator Hanna lias been called on to make a state
ment, outside the Senate debate, giving the purpose
and effect of the bill. From his analysis of the meas
ure it is seen that its advantages are open to any
American ship that is in first-class condition; it does
not exclusively favor rny type of ship or route; slow
ships may under it compete with fast ships, and sin
gle ships with lines of ships; compensation is based
on size of ship and distance sailed, with extra for
steamships exceeding twelve knots. For every Amer
ican built ship now in commission its owner must
build a new tonnage equal to 25 per cent of the exist
ing ship within ten years. For every foreign built
ship admitted to American register equal new ton
nage must be built in the United States for its owner
within ten years. Foreign built ships admitted to
American register receive but half the compensation
given to American built ships. Not a dollar is paid
to any American citizen until he has constructed new
tonnage and put it in operation in deep water.
As foreign ship-owners now carry 92 per cent of
our foreign commerce it is only natural that they op
pose this measure, which will make us independent of
them in a few years. No one expects that they will
permit the passage of the bill if they can prevent it.
For their American allies an excuse equally innocent
cannot be given.
These American friends of the foreign ship builder
and owner pretend to believe that our merchant
marine may be revived by free ships — that is to say,
by permitting American citizens to buy cheaply built
foreign ships, put th:m under the American flag and
register and compete for deep water trade. This is a
vain scheme. The cost of running an American ship
due to our higher wage scale, is 35 per cent more
than the cost of running a foreign ship. That shuts us
out of the competition unless we reduce the pay of
American sailors to the foreign standard, or equalize
the cost of operating ships by the plan proposed in
this bill.
The nations vith which we must compete to re-'
cover the right to carry our own merchandise pay
their ships in bounties and- subsidies more than
?20.ooo,ooo a year, which they get in addition to the
advantage of cheaper construction and operation. So
Americans who attack this bill because it pays a
bounty arc the stanch' iriends of a foreign bounty svs
tem which has vfTcctually driven us of? the seas as "\yc
could have been swept therefrom by the great guns
of a hostile fleet directed tigainst our unarmed mer
chantmen.
The local Civil Service Commission and the Board
of Public Works have again been tearing the-repu
tations of one another to tatters. They have the ad
vantage not enjoyed by the public of knowing one
another intimately enough not to violate the truth.
THE SHIPPING BILL
CBAH'S ATT»AS OF THE WOSLD
1000 Census Edition
Is offered as a premium to all Call read-
ers. Several sample atlases are on exhi
bition at the business office of this paper
and all persons desiring: a first class atlas
are Invited to call and Inspect this splen
did book of reference.
CALTFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
¦WASHINGTON, Feb. 28.— The following
Calif ornlans are In Washington t Shore
man—L. B. fVoodworth, California. Ar
lington—Mr, and Mrs. Mack, Miss Ger
stle and Miss Mack, San Francisco.
Old PrintFrom Child's Book,1820.
CAUTOHNXANS IN NEW Y0BZ,
NEW TORK. Feb. 23.— The following
Calif ornlans are in New Tork: From San
Francisco— L. B. Felgenbaum. at the Cad
illac; R. Gryce. at the Everett; TV. Gatea.
at the Imperial; J. I>. Heim, at the Hoff
man; J. N. Peterson, at the Marlboroush;
J. 'Whalhams, at tho Rossmore; Mlas
Mantelll, at tho Hoffman; C. J. Stovel. at
the Imperial; II. I* Close, at the Brod-
¦way Central
From Los Angeles — H. "W. Duncan, at
the Astor; J. C. Hays, at the Grand
Union.
From San Jose— Miss C. IL Evarus. at
the Grand Union.
FRIDAY...... MARCH 1, 1901
„..;..: ¦ . ' -¦.¦".¦ : . _— '
;^ ; / 5; JOHN & SF RECK ELS. Proprietor.
- tltnu All CccEtii»tl«ni t» W. B. LEAKE. Ksci^s:.
'j\\'A«;KH*'» OFFICE . .THi'plionf l*rf*n '2t\ t
riBLICATlOX OFFICE. . .MarUrt iind Third, S. I'.
.¦'.'-Tcleiilione l*re«» -01. .; ..' . . •
EDlTOItlAL nOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
.; ' .. ¦.;.' ..¦¦-. -. Telrplionr Pmi 2O2.'/.-. ¦."'¦.¦..:..
' -:. "¦' ¦'¦ '. ""•¦• /-" : - •' ¦ . ; : - ' .'i • ¦ : . ¦ ' ¦" '¦-
¦ Dell wed by Carrier*. IB Cent* Per Week.
Mnpio Coplcn. 5 Cent»* ¦¦•;"- ¦••,'.!. /: :- •'.•:'
"•.::¦'¦-¦.; Term* l»3r Mail. Inclndlnc: Toitajei ¦ : - ; .
EAIT.T CALL, <Jnrl«<51n«r Sunday), one year..v-.:l;...>....:..i.je.00
PAII^T CALIj *!n<-luatr.(f Fund»y). 8 ' month»'^.;i.'s.>"ii.*i-;i.» 3-00
TAILT CALT^ (lncJuair-ir Sunday), I moatli$..;..y..,;>..il.., 1-M
DAILY CALL— By Singl*^ Month...^....':>......^.;«;.iwiw,.«5(» ¦
SL'NDAr CALL. One Tear...... ...... i ..i..'.^..i'.;.'.»iiii.r.V.;i-M
WEEKLr CALU -Pn«;:T«ar...^..i.;...,i;;..;,i»«^«^^sJ-M-
All postmaateri* are. authorised to receive ; :
'"¦ ". : '.; : -.'-. «ub«crlptloni«. . .¦¦¦' \' : -'-:'\; •.4-".'-'* :
¦ : ."B*rsp\» ccp!e«:wUI b» forwarded whea »e<jue«ted.'; ._.• • ;'
kfa.Il Butworlbem !n crdrrint rhtnrr of a<J<5r*i«» vhould be
particular to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Iceure & prorcpt and correct compliasce with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE »'«1H8 Broadnar
C. GEORGE KnOO.\ES?.
Xutftr Fcrt'ga Liutiis'.zg, Karftetti Building. Qitig), •
(Lcne Distance Telephone "Cfrntral Ml>.") :. . .
KITW TORK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CAilLTO.V ,....". Uerald Sqnare
KEW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
ITCrUEV B. SMITU 30 Trlbnne Bnlld!n<r
NETW TORE NEWS STANDS: : * '-.¦ i
Waldort-Aatorla Hotel; A. Brrat&no, a Union Bsjuare:
Zurrar HU1 HoteL - ..:,¦. .:..¦.¦/
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS: V '"'-.¦
Ebensin nou»; P. O. Newi Co.; Grrat Ncrtt'rn Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel. • . . .'•... .'¦.•. ..'• ..
WASHIXGTOV (D. C.) OFFICE. . ..1400 O St., X. W.
iioii 1 ON B. iKAM:. Correspondent. ..
BRAXCII OFFICES Z27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
8:20 o'clock. $00 Hayes, open until *:30 o'clock. 633
-..;. McAllister, cpen until *:2D o'cloolt. 615 Larkin. opeft until
,.•;;. »:S0 -o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 1261 Market. ¦.
•'¦ ¦:' ana Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 10SS Valencia, open
clock. I0« Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. Nff. eor
: . lier Twen;y-8eccr.d aad Kentucky, open until 8 o'clock.
WILLIAM M. EVARTS.
I ¦:¦;. ¦>]: :ILtiAM ! . ; M.- pVARt^. h^s 'beeri put of poli
;V,\^.:tics;; ; out- of ;b u^in«s j .an.d ont • pf .public life of
' ; ¦/- .i'any; ; spTt'for so' long- a'/tifne. that theanhourice.
mciii. pf his dedth will come. to. many: people as a sur|»
prise. : . Ypjoubtless : many;.in^nige}ir-Americaris::haVc
not been aware for sey'eiral ''-years; that- Eyarts ; \vas itill
alive, for his , retirement from the Wprid'was almost, as
complete^ as . il u lie;: Iwcl .: been ;*ut; :;of '. ihe' w^'rld/altO:
getheirV' : •';¦";; '• ; ':-' : -'/ . v.-/'-;' ." '¦ - : . ¦-.:'/¦'¦¦'¦':¦:'¦¦.:.: ;\ ¦':' V)'iA : - •:'
Now that ! he :s dead: the . people w.ili.-grafe.fiill^.ref.
call ,_the ; :-storyVqf::.-jiis'^ great: : services.t0:thft natfo : n and
;dp.ju?ticc;tbvhis' career at1;he;bar:^/HiXvas'.tiriq : uesV
tibnably. one .of :the-;'rhpst ; "e^ : i^
trV: hag-eyer pTOduct^arii.tanki-a^orig^h^f^
who .hav.c : atbihed.'the;fpre:m65
r sibrikI'-add\p'oiiUc'aiL.Hfc:.;:VXi-.: sV'^;. "¦'.•; ...V r ¦' ., : y/..'
;-.' ; Strong.; as ; ;:were;.:his;: politi^ai: cbnyictibni. ahd Jfuliy
as Jie 1 u^(|e;rstopd;;trie; : ; %t^hi\iy^y-^irXy~'6tzpp\zM6^
for. the/ls-ippprt^6^
of, •¦government'^^his legal training arid his. judicial tertir'
perament; pr.eycnted .him. from. ever beebmirig an in
tense; partisan^ or- e'venva : great party.Jeader.' - : Neyerr
the! ess his political work was of 3, high, order and ex
tended[.; over a ibrig period .pf time/ duilng which , he
sensed as- Atjbrney General iri . the'.^administration -.of;
Andrew Jo hh.so'ri; Secretary of State in, the- administra
tion of Hayes, ; and . afterward . in ; the .United-. States
Senate; ¦¦ ¦: -.'• : :' ••' ,';-.¦..' '.'.:¦':¦'¦¦¦' ':.¦-¦", ¦..¦¦ i "--\: V;' : -' : .v:,'.*-
As a; forensic orator Mr.-Evarts during 1 his/practice
at the . New York, bar :had no rival except Charles
Q'Conpr.... There were .others yirho! perhaps -were
more eloquent speakers, but none except his. one great
rival \yhb : combined an vequal knowledge; of > the law
3witl{|'An;^iial^biK^ ; .'^Ov«^Qjiii^d''iit : -!hy ..every art of
ar.g;Ume;nt/ satir^
iadvbcate-s:' ¦':['... : -y '¦.,¦¦ '-'• '¦:':.¦' '¦¦ "¦'¦' ¦¦/¦'¦' : ; /: 'v •'.¦¦.¦;' •-,•'¦;¦ :,!' :;
.; His .most, notable Speech was that. made;, in. defense
of^resident Johnsbn;>vhen. impeached before'the Sen
ate. , The. occasion -was orie of the. 'greatest; in mod
ern history and cbrnmanded the attention : of the. civil
ized world. Mr. EWrtS.i'X^VfuUyl^i^aiQ^i't^.eTje^
quirements -of ; such a trial, and eyen'bir 'those -/who
were most certain that Johnson should Have ; been con
victed the speech of Evartsin his behalfv' was recog
nized as a masterpiece of oratory. '¦¦'¦'.. '¦"'/:- .. : .'
It may be noted as an illustration of, the versatility
of the man that he was as skilled in making .after^
dinner speeches as in pleading great causes at the bar
or in the Senate. In those lighter moods he did not
have to rely upon teliing good stories f6r the enter
tainment of his audiences. His wit was bright and
facile. It never offended nor was it ever lacking, an:l
he was as ready with the polished and light repartee
and jest of the banquet-hall as with the learning or
the arguments required to meet opponents in court or
in the Senate. ;.. \ . :
In his later years he developed a strange belief that
exercise is unnecessary for the continuance of health
after reaching maturity. He frequently boasted that
he never took exercise, and it appears the boast was
justified by the facts. The result was that during his
later years he was virtually dead to the world while
men equally old and having no stronger constitution
to begin with continued to be active and vigorous,
doing useful work in the world. His life, therefore,
while full of noble lessons for all, contains one notable
warning. It is in vain that even the most robust
frame can neglect altogether the law of nature which
demands work for the body as well as for the mind. "
When the history of the United States for the period
that followed the clos.e of the Civil War down to the
end of the reconstruction of the Southern States
comes to be written Mr. Evarts will occupy a p-omi
nent place in its pages. He was a great lawyer, a pure
statesman and an unswerving patriot. His retirement
from public life at an age when his powers should
have been still useful to his country was a loss to the
nation, and now that he has gone the people may well
mourn his death. . ..
PERSONAL MENTION.
O. A. Dougherty of Salinas Is at tho
Dr. A. M. Gardner of Napa Is at the
California.
James W. Abbott of Salt Lake City li
at the Grand.
¦ Paul F. Green, a Santa Rosa merchant.
Is at the Grand.
¦ Gns Holmes, a hotel man of Salt Lake,
Is at the Palace.
E. W. Runyon of Red Bluff Is a gn»*t
at tho Occidental.
D. L. Ewlng. a Fresno oil man. Is a
guest at the Lick.:
; • F.' R. LJndsey, an oil man of Sanger, 1»
staying at the Lick. ¦
H. S. Kirk, an attorney of Sacramento,
is at the California. '.¦!.:•
¦ B. XJ. Steln.man. ex-Mayor of Sacra
mento, Is at the Palace. .'¦¦•'.. •.'...
A. M. Allen, a merchant cf Monterey,
Is staying at the Grand.
A. J. Elmore. an oil man of Fresno, res
lstered at the Lick yesterday.
Wesley Clark, a real estate man of Lo*
Angeles. Is a guest at the Palace. *
F. il. Whitney and wife, of Santa Bar
bara, aro guests at the Occidental.
Ex-Senator : IL V. Morehouse and wife
of San Jose are registered at the Palace.
J. A. Brent, a mining man. well known
throughout the State, is registered for a
few days at the Palace.
. E. M. Hamilton and G. B. Bruce, ex
perts on forestry for the Government, aro
registered at the Occidental
John W. Gunn, an Insurance man of
Portland, Or., accompanied by his wife,
Is a guest at the Occidental.
A. B. Hammond, a railroad man of New
York, and Ed Chambers of tho Santa Fa
are both staying at the Palace.
State Prison Director James H. "Wllklns
of San Rafael left yesterday for Mexico
to look after his mining Interests there.
Charles A. BonnMs and wlf« &r» at the
Occidental. Mrs. Bonfils la better known
to the public aa the writer. "Annlo
Laurie."
William H. Hibbard. special representa
tive of the New York Journal of Com
merce and Commercial Bulletin, 13 now
visiting California In the Interests of that
paper. Mr. Hibbard will also spend some
time In Portland and Seattle. ; •' ;¦ .'...••.
THE COST OF BAD ROADS
THE many road bills introduced into the Legis
lature at this session, while perhaps not credit
able to the local enterprise cf the sections from
which they come, are evidences of a feeling that bet
ter country roads are necessary.' , \' ;¦". " ;
The users of country roads, who must .haul : over
them. to and from market and ride over them pn.busiT.
sitss or pleasure, do not need to have p6irited' : out ; 'ti>'
them the inconvenience and annoyance, of bad. roads,:
but they are strangely oblivious to the waste and idss
which such roads cause- '.'.'. .¦ .
Eastern engineers have taken up this subject and, in
conjunction with the Agricultural Department, have
developed the economy of good roads. As a result of
these investigations we have very accurate estimates
pf:.thc pulling po-.vcr of a horse on different kinds of
•.rpad_.s^"-.-A.vhorse.wilI pull at a force of 100 pounds tn
his traces; all; day, but the amount of load he- can drag 1
after him by that steady exertion, of force, depends on
the kind of road he pulls it over. ;.-/V> .'^' : y^.' : : V '''{• 0 : '.
: The load that one horse can move on ;a leyeirrpaid
of iron rails requires a horse and a /half. jpn. asphaltj
three and a; half on besif.iBcigia9 < blo^^ >^1^*;o^-'jBif>o^'
cobblestone, twenty on .ordinary .; earth { : : 'road/ and
forty on sand.: /¦ • v
, A carefully ;made map of transportation in. all, sec-;,
tipns of the country gives the. average wagon-haul for
produce, to a market— that is to say, to a railroad or
navigable water. This haul. is, in the^. . •. . ' . . ;
Eastern States........ ...;.,.... : ,«. ........... 6.9 miles
- ..'.Northern States. ...;.. ...;....i. 6.9 miles
Southern States...... ....;... '.V.. ; . ...¦.;'. : 8.8 miles .
Cotton States..... ;.............;......... J... 12.6 miles
. • . Prairie States, , . ...... . . i 8.8 miles .
Pacific States..:..;....:.. .,....:.. :......... 23.8 miles .:
•To get a ton of freight tp market, to railroad 6t
boat, by wagon/ costs in the— ;'• .;. .'.'•.•. •::" ;. -..: : ;..:!
1 ..'. Eastern <SXrtes..:.J.>'.. I i.;J,^J.;.\;siy.;^;;...,-,.; i ;il.W'''- :
. ;. ¦' Korthern States'.'.';.. ;:......'„;•.'.;',.. V:,.^....:..v.'.; : 1.S8 ¦ ;.¦:
.. / . Southern States : ..'; : ; . . i .-. ,~."v»; . . : ¦. I;. ."..¦.;.;: i: '. •. '. ¦ 2;"2 .- / ' ¦'•'
¦'. ¦¦¦ Cotton 'States':... ¦..'i... : ..-...i. ...;'. '."..'., :'. : .'.-..'...'. : '., ..• ; : 3>05 ' .'¦: ¦
States',u.^.v,^.'..,....-i-V.i.^.:.";.. : i;;w''l.94 y- : : .
.. .•¦.•¦•Pawlflc, States.;.^. ..',;. :......;.';: v ;.':.;v^:.:..v.v.,..i-''5:i3 ; /'.':'.
: .The difference in cost per ton per mile is due tdythe.
difference in the quality of the roads, and therefpre in
the hauling power of the horse. The cost in. the.; Pi-,
cific States is 21 cents per ton per mile, while the rail-,
road charge is less than half a cent per ton per. mile. .-•
The average cost of the wagon-haul all over the
United States is 25 cents per ton per mile. V
. Now it would be hard to convince the rural pro
ducers that it costs them more to haul their produce
to the railroad than it does to ship it by rail. But on
the face of the facts is. the case. General Stone,
chief of the road bureau of the Agricultural Depart
ment, estimates the cost of hauling products over
rural highways to a railroad or point of water ship
ment to be 5946,000,000 per year.
That sum is greater than the operating expenses of
all the railroads in the United States. »
It is said that the common answer of farmers is that
it costs them nothing to haul their produce to market.
That idea stands in the way of a general movement in
favor of better roads. A6 well might a farmer say that
it costs him nothing to raise his crops. Until 'that
wrong idea is overcome, and men generally see not
only the superior convenience of good roads and the
greater pleasure in their use but also their great eco
nomy, we will not have a disposition of local districts
tc secure good road metal and put it down in the
most approved way. The rural land-owner will per
haps see the benefit to him of good roads if put in
another Way. They directly increase the value of his
land for precisely the same reasons that land" values
are advanced by the building of a new railroad to
which the lands have access.
General Stone estimates this increase in value on
the 640,000,000 acres of farm land in the United States
to be $5,120,000,000, which would build the best roads
to be had to serve every farm and economize the mar
keting of its crops. .... .. ':• ; .' '
When the legislators can device an equitable sys
tem for division of the cost between the farm lands,
the county and the State, we will probably begin road
improvement. The State and county should share the
cost because they get benefit in the .increase of tax
able valties. .. . ¦ . ... '•-¦ '•• . ' '
:-y;\-'- '¦\; ¦¦;:¦'<..:"• ; ;-,j]X; T _WOMEN'
¦; .-A ; : eom.piete. . hls.t6.ty: of the costumes of
the' nineteenth fcentury; may he! obtained
not only 'frpm: •discarded ;' and ,; obsolete
fashion plates.'of the' day .which show us
what-.- tailors, i rriant.ua/: rfiakers tind j milli
ners Wished men :and women; to wear, but
from re *
veal to us what; was actually vwprri; For
tunately.the 'first half of the century was
¦a. day: of ipdrtrait-paiiitirig; hence we have
preserved' for .us lii. fcolor all ..the details
of; authentic cpstiime' which the portrait's
duli:successors-^the. daguerreotype, am
..brotype.''*'ahd. photograph— reveal only in
outline in dull black and white. "'.' M -., :
¦.•¦¦•The ¦¦'-'nineteenth century opened .in
Franco upon a time of confusion ana
revolution. In America the new order of
things in the new republic was running
smoothly, with no marked events of his
tory save the death of Washington, which
had temporarily dressed American women
in mourning. ribbons, lockets, gloves and
even gowns, for as long a time as court
mourning is worn in royal circles. .-• • _
. . . Indies' Modes for 1801.
."An attempt at revulsion of feeling
against the costly stuffs and extravagance
of the eighteenth century made simpler
materials proper for wear even In full
dress; ¦¦ Mantua-makers adhered . also • to
simple lines, and less material was used
in the manufacture of gowns. The iskirt
was short, reaching in meager, clinging
folds only to the feet, with but slight
flouncing at the lower edge. .It was
"stretched as tightly as possible across the
front of the figure, sometimes held across
with whalebones placed horizontally. A
short bodice had . puffed sleeves of mbd
erato size with detached long sleeves
which could be worn If preferred, or long
mittens of nankeen or linen. Often a col
lar of embroidered net or a muslin tippet
surrounded the neck. Through the ab
:: ''';-".""'' : - ,. '. ° :?':'•''¦: :'";r ; 4:
By Alice Morse Earle.
AUTHOR OF "COSTUMED IN COLONIAL TIMES." "HOME LIFE IN COLONIAL
, . :. :. . :. x? AYS." "CHINA COLLECTING IN AMERICA." /;•_.•;,¦ ; ... :•
(COPYRIGHT, 1901.)
s costumes.. ; ' ¦•. : '¦.:•;; ;¦. ¦¦•-: •: -: .;•: ¦••;.• •; '. .- . : \ '-. .
lightly were they -dressed;' In January,
1S07, the walking dresses were of whito
jaconet muslin or cambric, with browr»
velvet or "orange blossom" shoes. Tho
"chemise shape" cowa was deemed the
most elesant. The hat was of straw or
tiger fur. Another favorite was a "Chi
nese robe" of India twlli or French dimity
trimmed with a border, of tambour, with
loose back or scalloped at the bottom.
White kid and rose-colored silk low shoes
were worn, with silver rosettes. Muffs
of white down and varievated sarsnet silk
"cottage cloaks" gave scant warmth. la
the spring pink muslin mantles appeared
and sarsnet tippets trimmed with Malines
lace; lilac and pea green were fashionable
colors. With ball gowns were worn white
satin shoes spotted with gold and gloves
trimmed with gold lace. Sleeves were
trimmed with ribbons put on corkscrew
fashion "to give an air of srenteel con
finement." Necklaces and bracelets of
white camellan were very fashionable. •
, The neck and portions of the arms were
Often left bare, even for outdoor wear,
hence a scarf or long shawl in winter be
came a grateful adjunct to the scanty
toilet.
Freezing for Fashion's Sake.
One old Iadv tells me she often went
to church In winter In a French ' cambric
grown with a shawl but a yard square as
the only outdoor covering. The wife of
Governor Joseph Trumbull remembered
riding from Mlddletown, Conn., to Berlin
in an open sleigh one bitter winter's night
In an organdy gown, low necked and
sleeveless, her only extra covering a cloth
cape without lining. That fell curse of
New England— consumption— waa nour
ished and increased by this scanty dress.
A rhyme of the day begins: . ... . : ..; -,¦"-. .:
¦ '.¦¦'. Plump and rosy was my fac» '--'. / v •;•'•:
¦¦'.'.. ',"-• And graceful was my form:- .-¦..; ".'¦
.-I Till fashion deemed it a Oltgnx* '¦:.¦
: - ; To keep my body warm. .-¦•.¦ ,.
Very little "underclothing was worn; no
flannel save a rare flannel petticoat by
older women. Girls would rather die than
look stout. The scanty gowns were easily
made. A good dressmaker could make
three Blips a day and the gowns were
cheap. The wife of a commodore of th»
United States navy had a gown that cost
$50, and a friend wrote that she could not
see how Abby (Mrs. Commodore) could
"justify such extravagance to her con
science." A wedding outfit could be
bought for $100, If it had no lace or shawls.
The opening and vast prosperity of our
East India trade had brought these
shawls and scarfs to our market, as it
had brought the beautiful muslins, cali
coes, dimities and lawns which still show
their place of birth In their names.
When Our Grandmothers "Went Shop
ping.
From newspaper advertisements of that
day we learn exactly what goods and
stuffs were imported and sold. In the
Columbian Centinel in February, 1S01, we
ilnd frequent notice of the sales In Boston
of muslins, muslinets, muslin garments of
various coiors; jaconet, tamboured, open
worked, fancy and sprigged; cambrics,
printed patches, China ribbons and tastes;
platillas, ginghams, Madras longcloths,
lappet muslins, gauzes, cypress— all these
were thin stuffs and what would now be
unseasonable Roods for winter wear.
There were sold in the offices of mer
chants and i.n tho wharves hundreds of
different East Indian Btuffs. Nearly all
tre.ee of the signification of the names or
of the quality of these stuffs Is now lost
with the death of the old India merchants
who imported and sold them. We know
that among white cottons were Tandisan
rtas. Allebad, Cossas, : Tanda Mamoodies.
Gadjapoor Cossas, Chadpore Cossas,. Baf
tas. Altonah Sannas, Boran Coossahs,
Mow Sannahs, Cudor Cossahs. Among
colored stuffs, presumably of cotton, were
Cutters, Sooty Romalls. Blue Glllas, Blue
Guineea. Other stuffs advertised In
1S00 were Tanda Baftas, Jallapoor Sannas.
Dungree ' Stripes, Jallapoor Mamoodies,
Albad Baftas, Janna Cossahs, Omeitys,
Tockoys, Gude Cossahs. Barboom Gur
ras, Muchan Gungees, Adhungee Sannas,
Oudes, Chltabilly Baftas, Toolpore Cos
sas, Selinas, Janna Sulquachls. Kerboam
Surrah3, Slstersoys, Tookettys, Gugger
nauts, Penasprys. Jugedahs.Carlapahatya,
Seelsackers. I The last named we still
have — seersuckers — the others are lost In
the' dust of...- past decades. Other femi
nine fancies were musin shawls, tambour
ed and open- worked; purple chintz and
Rutland net gauze shawls, pagoda-top
parasols with honeycomb fringes; elastic
wire and horse hair jrlove ties. These
glove ties or glove tighteners were a de
vice to hold the long gloves up at the el
bows. • • ¦
A pelisse- was.'the warmest outer gar
ment.. If.it were of dark cloth It waa
brightened with gold clasps and lace.
Pelisses of scarlet, pink, flame color and
green were worn. When cloth was an
nounced for gowns in 1S28 a writer In the
I^ady's Mazagine urges the readers never
to wear them indoors, as they "were not
a fireside costume."
Interesting' -Stoi^y of the Finer^r and Frills
pS^gj^f^liglxted Women When the
?M§& S^JMfi-^^tio:n-: : Was^qUng:
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
, 'The'-San Francisco Call.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1901.
Grand
6
amounted in the year of our largest export to less
than $6,000,000. It will be seen that the Russian
blow at our trade has been by no means so heavy as
many people feared. .' \ '\ . . '
•was first mentioned by Plato, who repre
sented an Egyptian priest describing It to
Solon, but, of course, according to Plato's
views of the matter. In that description
Atlantis was made to appear as an Island
larger than Lybia and Asia combined and
lying off the Pillars of Hercules In the
Atlantic. Plato drew a beautiful word
picture of the Interior of this imaginary
Island and enriched it with a fabulous his
tory. Some early writers supposed that
the Canaries were the remains of Atlan
tis- ' or , Plato had stated that at the close
of the long contest which Its Inhabitants
maintained against the Athenians for 9000
S 3 d b ge 0r i e sl^d! lm6thaSea SUdden * *-
A NAME-J., City. If you cams to this
country from a foreign land many years
ago, and Instead of using your correct
name, say "Joseph" P. Smith, called
yourself "John" F. Smith, married ac
quired real estate, engaged in business un-
f 6 /,! 11 "^ 6 ' have been known to all as
John F. Smith, were naturalized under
the name of John and have since then
voted as John, that comes pretty near be
5& SXA-fe *$S$2£Zk S
to L r Q n y E T? ED AI « R ~ E - w - B - Sacramen
to, Cal. Air was first liquefied by Profes
which It Ihum through a needle Sottu'orinc?
It , **Pand» suddenly and the temperature falls'
The cooled air is allowed to circulate around '
a t£™ a 0 ™' Int ° Whlch alr «3 forced Sr j
Lu*. ?rn™° US X restU TS and thcn allowed "
issue from a fine orifice, as In the nr«t mil
The air issuing from this second collTias It*
temperature lowered partly by Us own suddl"
expansion and partly by the intent coWl™
parted to the coll by the air circulating a rou™,t
it from the first coll. The cold air from .hi
second coil is similarly used to cool a thirri
coil into which the air is pressed a, before
The product which issues from this third co!i
s no longer a Ban. but liquid air in a stream ai
large as the finger. Its temperature It ah^ttt
320 Fahrenheit. The apparatus I, run by a
forty horse-power engine and th* cent i« i«u
to be within the commercial limit. Tn« lioS .1
is of a light bluish-green color. • q d
AT HOTEL DEL CORONADO th« .eawn la
now on at full tide. American and Europ-an
plans. Best of everything. Including the char
acter of entertainment. Apply 4 New Montgim"
ery «t.. city, for special ticket.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOT COD-LIVER OIL
but Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil. They are not the
same ; far from it.
Scott's emulsion is cod-liver
oil prepared for the stomach.
Let cod-Jiver oil alone if you
need it. When your physician
orders toast, do you breakfast
Qn flour?
Pure cod-liver oil is hard to
take and hard to digest. A
man that can keep it down,
can saw wood. He thinks he
is s : ck ; he is lazy.
We'll send you a little to trj If you Hke
SCOTT &B0WNE, 4 o, Tearl .treet, XewYork.
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 1042. •
The heaviest man whose weight Is re-
corded authentically was Miles Darden of
Tenne9see. He weighed a little less than
1000 pounds.
CaL glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace HoteL*
%¦ : ;-0 .¦¦.':¦.;¦>/.¦'• A-MTTRTnvrFTfTR.
¦•;¦ •¦-Orpheum— Vaudeville. • '¦ "•¦.{ •¦' " •'
"Grand Opera-house — "A nusband's Jlcnor." .
¦"". ¦': •-. Alcazar — "\Vhat Happened to Jones." • " •
"':'•'. Columbia— "Zaia." ¦ ¦ ': .-••.• .' : "-. -.
. . . Tivcli— "'Wizard of the Nl>." '.'¦. ;
'¦ . CVr.tral-VThe Girl I Left Behind Me."
California— "The Village Farsca."
•.:; Alhambra— Minstrels. : ..
Oijnapla. corner Mwon and Eddy streets — Specialties.
;¦ Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•* .even iris.
TifcY.rr't— Vaudeville. '.:
Metropolitan Teir.ule— The Henschel»' Recital to-morrow
*rt«"rnocn.
aierl'BTilc*' Pavilion— Trained Animal Show Saturday.
• ../.California Jockey C'ub <Oak!and)— Races.
¦¦ Tanforan P-rk— Races. i'kj&r
AUCTION SALES.
¦¦.'¦ Br American Ay-ticn Co.— Tuesday. March 12. at 10 o'clock,
»>* Trrttv.ctc, at MT Market street.TO JARRiyE.
Steamer .Movements;
';h*nd ¦' cplurii.n :;and' the;: successive .tidea. r of .' the
dajr -in V the- order, of occurrence as to . time 'of
day, -the : th}rd.,tlroe.- column, gives the last tlaV
of : the. djiy, .except, when; there. are but three
tldesi-as: sometimes occurs; ; ..The -heights' riven
>r« lp :«dditf oii 'to: the -Foundings: on the United
VStatesV Coast- Survey ,- charts, except: when ¦ •
: mlnu» -eigrh" .(-*.) precedes : the' heleht.'-and.then
the;:mimber-given 1 is .subtracted from the depth
g:hVeh by : the. charts. .The plane of referea>» ;
U -the'. mean of the^lower low waters. , ; - ¦ • ¦•:.•
-fcO&JSAilK
The last Henschel recital of the popular
series will be given to-morrow afternoon
at Metropolitan Temple at 3:15 o'clock
Yesterday afternoon these artists wera
heard In a programme of much interest.
Among the more enjoyable numbers were
the "Duetto Buffo" of Palsello, a Handel
aria from "Alexander's Feast," "The
Ruined Mill" of Loewe and "The Two
Grenadiers" of Schumann.
Last Henschel Recital.
Mrs. C. M. Schwab and Party Tour
ing Pacific Coast in Their
. Special Car.
Mrs. C. M. Schwab, wife of the president
of the steel trust, arrived from Pittsburg
In a special car yesterday. She is accom
panied by Mrs. Klnsey and Dr. and Mrs.
M. R. Ward.
The party Is at present staying at the
Palace for a few days and will then jour
noy to Southern California. Mrs. Schwab
said yesterday that it was more than pos
sible that she would be joined by her hus
band in Santa Barbara.
STEEL MAGNATE'S WIFE
ARRIVES FROM THE EAST
.Time Ball.
.Branch : Hydrographlc Office, TJ. S. N., Mer
• ¦•¦ ' chants' - Exchange, San Francisco, Cal
February 2S,. 1901, . :
' The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day
1. e., at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m., Greenwich time.
. . C. G. CALKIXS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
I.VVOLtTNTART INSOLVENT.- Creditor* of
\r.drew Juhnson. a merchant of Fort Brajt/r.
f>d a petition j-wtrrday In the United States
I 'strict Court to have him declared an invol
tctary insolvent in the sum of $1000 and more.
I'he Original Little Beneficencia Publica
Company of San I'ranciKco. Organized
September, IS03. City of Mexico,
Drawing February 28. 1901.
No TO 439 wiri« fTiOO; sold in Ban Francisco,
C&l. No. *7T2 wins J2C00; eold in Ban Fraacl«
eo. Cal. Tio. <5.C43 win* $1250; eold In San
Frarcltco. Cal. Nos. S0.7S4, 21.6C0. 43.931. 4S.
ir, and <S,?SQ each win J12i; «old In £an Fran
eifceo and Oakland, CaL •
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morninjr tides are given in the left
FRIDAY. MARCH 1.
Mrs. B. Fay Mills appeared before the
members of the Twentieth Century Club
last evening- and delivered the fifth of her
eeries of "Talks nn Emerson. His Essays
and His Character." The rooms of the
club in the Flood building were well filled
with an interested audience, which now
and then interrupted the. speaker to ask
questions or start a discussion. One more
lecture will be delivered by Mrs. .'fills.
Mrs. Mills on Emerson.
Clyde A. Epeer. "an infant." by his
gxaroian. Steven A. IX Schcnck. has sucj
his -wife. Catherine Siiccr, ;o a^inul their
marrlairc Srwer alleges that when he
married hp was under aee and hc.ici; hia
»arria.pe is not legal. It is probable 'that
his cflort to free himself from the bonds
cf matrimony will be contested bv hi*
wife. Suits for divorce w*>re filed yester
day hy Marie I>uttka ajrninst Richard
Duttke for failure to provide; Mansfield
Judah apalr.st Anna F. Judah for deser
tion, and Samuel Cox ccainst Florence
Cox for desertion. " "
"Infant" Seeks a Divorce.
By purchasing in large quantities we
arf to offer ail Call readers this
fiip'-rli book of reference for the email
Kurri .if tl.50. or about one-fifth of the reg
ular subscription price.
'.'ram's Atlas is the be.«t and most relia
ble atlas published in America. Do not
order anj- other work until vou have
carefully examined The premium
atlas and fully satisfied yourself as to its
Wttt superiority over any oth*-r atlas.
Call at the business office of this paper
ar.d Eatlrfy yourself as to the merit of
this utt'T. If you want a really fine book
of referf-nre it i? impossible to secure a
book to equal Cram's Atlas of the World.
The Call b offerir.K its readers the best
at '.as on the markf t for Jl.DO.
Cram's Atlas of the World.
M. O. Sawyer, for thirty-seven years
receiving; rczlFtry cl"rk in the Postoffice,
<'.;>->l suddenly at the breakfast table yes
terday morning at his home, 402 Hayes
ttroct.
Mr. favi-yer's death Tras «=up^rinduee4
ly iniurios received frr.m being knocked
down by a bicycle ridden by an unknown
nan or boy about Christmas time while
h« iraa crosslna; Market .str<-«*t In front of
Hate's building. The- deceased was a na
tiv. of Nuv Hampshire and 71 years old.
Mr. Sawyer leaves a wife, three eons
Bnd a daughtrr tu mourn their loss. One
of the eons, B. F. Sawyer, is a member
r-f the r^'llce force; another. Daniel W.
. • r. :.-¦ a V ;tor carrier. The deceased
was appointed o'.erk in the registry de
p«rtment thirty-seven years ago yester
day, and was always faithful to the trust
confided to him.
VETERAN POSTAL, CLERK
DIES WHILE AT TABLE
11. G. Sawyer, Thirty-Seven Years in
the Registry Department,
Passes Away.
;vt)rjaneh;-^of{ !,/the.; jGhrj-HiaH :
Scij^rice./Qhurc}!^ha,s ;;; rf.ccntiy./;:purch:^s.dd .a.
biillding •i'pt-'a.t, the^ ;cQrner.?ot Sacrajn^iitp*
¦Wna ; ! ;Spottv'str>ets ;;for .. $10;0<^; : :'.;Sln';c.e; : : ; : itV : .
:brganiziiti6ri,;. in. :lS95,;.t,he:. church^ has: : :be'en'
iiiost.':Sat.l?factoir.y.:lri'^.it.s:' progress?- 'A:.iJUh-- :
llqi're"atling-.r"oin 'Ivus Jbe.o.nv.'bpenfeA'i'liiid-jiBL'- 1
library \^stabllshwl: .Ih : the.; Adains -build-.
1 hrg, -co r n e r . o f : K P^
.T.h'e 7 's6clety-.;'already-.vhas-^
.•ivayj of •¦a;buirdinff: f iiod, ;iind.- it-is' ; prob-'
AbW 'that . a. : ;cliurch: ;wHl;v'spon: r be.: erected.
On. the^.n'ew ; r'slte!V- •.¦:¦'.; :i;.;\:>:-;; : i--''-' : '~\-.~ <:¦'¦ "%'•'•:'•.{:¦.
C'hflfetiftiiV'Sci^i^^'CBuy.-'I^qijt.'
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Thursday, February 28.
Stmr Goronado, Johnson, 36 hours from San
Pedro.
Btmr lyflanaw, Storrs, 4Vi days from * Se
attle. >. .
Btmr "Point Arena, Htnsen, li hours from
Mendoclno.
The eteamer Colon Bailed yesterday for
Panama and way port* with a general cargo
valued e.t rrG.f'.'S, manifested as follows: For
Mexico, $$095: for Central America, $17,647: for
I'anama. $1114. The principal sblpmenta were
as follow?:
Fcr Mexico— 5 carboys acid, 20 rkff« arms and
ammunition, 100 c« bottied beer, 42 cs crucibles,
-'¦) cs coal .oil, SO cs candles. 44 cs drugs. ' 128
t'kjr < groceries and provisions, 256 cs hardware,
144 iikgs iron, 67&0 ft lurrbrr. 37 pkg* machinery,
10 cc oil. 2! bales paper, IS era potatoes, 13 cs
paints end oils. 1200 lbs starch, 110 bdls shocks.
120 ttecl ehoes and dies. 2500 lbs eoda, 10 cs
whltky. 50 irsUs wine. 1000 tt)B zinc.
for Central America. — 3 pkg* aitricultural Im
plejnents. 20 bxs 46S0 lbs codfish, IS.*. c\ coal
oil, ICO bbls cement, 5 cs drugs, 41 cs dry
goods, ESS bbls flour, 5C pkgs groceries . and
provisions, 9205 lbs malt, 104 pkgs machinery,
£79 era potatoes. 14 pk<a paper. C18S lbs para-
Clne, 10 hdls spice. Z5UO R<s rice. 15 pkfrs car
material, 10 bv !s tar, <0 cs table oils, 15,036 tba
tallow, 20S3 gals wine.
For Panama— J50 bbls flour, J cs photo goods.
J>eparture of the Colon.
"."be British chip Arra-imore also cleared yes
trraay for Queenstown for order* with 6S.6CS
ctls A-heat valued at $53,r.00 and 17,000 ft lum
ber aa d'jnnaxe valued at $220. .
The P.ritlsh fhlp Auftrasia cleared yesterday
for Queenstown for orders with 83.014 ctls wheat
valued at $33,000 and 27,000 ft lumber aa dun
n.-ge valued at $406.
Wheat Shipments.
Shipping Merchants.
The Albert will loa<l m«rchandi!>e for Hon
olulu: the Jersle Minor and the Jennie "Wand,
lumber at Eureka for Honolulu; the Mahu
kor.a. lumber at Port Gamble for Port Plrie
r.Ts w. '
Hatters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN".
The American Shipmasters' Association
believes the officials In the office of the
Inspectors of Hulls and Boilers are over
worked and that the commerce of the
port is delayed because the gentlemen
named cannot keep up in their duties.
The association has therefore formulated
a memorial to Congress asking that In
spectors Bolles and Bulger be each given
another assistant. This memorial will be
sent to the California delegation by the
association with a request that It be laid
before the proper authorities.
The Alaska Packers' Association Is get
ting ready for the salmon season. The
schooners Prosper and Premier are load
ing Btorcs. coal and lumber ajid will get
away next week. The rest of the fleet
will be got in readiness at once and sent
away as soon as practicable.
Water Front Notes.
The American ship John McDonald and
the British ship Khorasan have been add
ed to the overdue list. The former ..Is
now 1<W days out from Baltimore for San
Francisco and 20 per cent is being paid to
reinsure her. The Khorasan Is 210 days
out from Tampa for Yokohama and 15
per cent Is being paid on her. The Bertha
and Cape Wrath are still at 00 per cent,
while the Ardnamurchan, SS days out
from Frasor River for Liverpool, has
reached 75 per cent. The Henry Hack
field, 200. days out from Philadelphia for
Nagasaki, is at 13 per cent. The Andrada
is unlnsurable.
The Overdue Fleet.
THE army transport is 1)6-'
pinning to show activity again..
For nearly a." month: there^ 'has
been hardly any work done at the
wharf, as there were rib : vessels
in port. This will all be changed now' arid
tor the next six months there will bathe
Fame rush and bustle as marked the »" -.
parture of the" troops for the Philipph. ".
The volunteers are homeward bound.a; -I
four transports are expected during the
next week. The Meade is expected any
minute and the Pennsylvania should get
in Sunday or Monday. The Hancock is
well on her way from Nagasaki and,
should reach here during next . week,;
while the Buford left Nagasaki on Feb
ruary IS. The Pennsylvania carries the
Thirty-fixth Infantry, tho . Meade .:. the)
Eleventh Volunteer Cavalry, the Hancock
the Thirtieth Volunteer Infantry and the
Buford the Twenty-seventh. Infantry.
Besides these the Kllpalrlck--. Is on : her
way here with 4uO sick soldiers. All of
these vessels will come in one after the
other and will keep the officials pii the
wharf busy for some time to comei' "-• ' : ¦-.[;
Tho Indiana, which came in Wednesday,
night, will probably not go out: on;vthe
lfrth ir.st. Her engines and boilers.:, re-,
quire an overhauling, and' the. -chances
are that the Ohio will take her placed "In
that event the Kilipino crew oil' the: In.-;,
diana will be transferred to thei OhlOi •:.¦• ¦
Captain James I3arneson, late-pf: th-d
Sierra, has been appointed chief : bfflcer.
of the transport Warren. Chief. Officer
Murch of the Warren Is in a. sanitarium
in Texas. He is a very sick, maru .-The'
Warren is to be thoroughly, overhauled.
About JIjO.000 will be spent on her. Both
f he and the Sherman will be laid. up for
about four months. ¦¦¦.¦¦..•.-¦•¦••¦¦
The Pak Ling Is the only vessel getting
ready for a return trip to : Manila. ¦ She
Is tho fastest "tramp" ever seen in these
waters, and Captain Warrall .is very
proud of his phip. The genial master ls;;a
very nuiet and modest man, but. his yes-'
pel's steam whistle makes up for hls~.un>
cbtruslveness. It is the largest; arid
noisiest siren ever heard on the coast.-,- It
was tuilt by the Risdon Iron Works-ahd
stands a little over four feet high.- ¦¦••-'. A
number of engineers who examined it
jresterday assert that Captain Warrall
must have had it put in as an auxiliary
safety valve. .'•¦-';¦ •.•¦¦¦-¦¦¦:.•••¦.. - ; ,
Time* and Heights of Hleh • and Low
Waters at Fort -Point, entrance t6 San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
' thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at the
city front {Mission-street wbarf) about twenty
f.ve minutes later than at Fort Point; tha
belcht of tlda Is tha same at both place*.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United Sutti Coart and Geodetic. Survey—
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Feb 28— Stmr West
ernland, from Antwerp, for N»w- Tork.
IJOSTON— Arrived Feb 2S— Stmr Ivernla. from
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Feb 2S— Stmr Pots
dam, from New York.
Sailed Feb 28— Stmr Staatendaxn. from Bou
10 UVERPOOLl-Arr r ive4 Feb 23-Stmr Majes-
SailedTVeb 2S^-Stmr Pelsrenland. for Phila
delphia: stmr Commonwealth, for Boston: stmr
Montfovt. for St John. U B. and Halifax.
Q UEI3N STOW N- Arrived Feb 18— Stmr Waes
land, from Philadelphia, for Liverpool.
Sailed Feb 2S— Stmr Germanic, from Llver-
A 6 rTive<? r Feb 28— Stmr Maria The
resa, from New York., via Naples.
HAMBURG— Arrived Feb 2S— Stmr Pennsyl
vania, from New York, via Plymouth.
LIZARD— Passed Feb 28-Stmr L'Aquitaine,
from New York, for Havre.
NEW YORK— Arrived Feb 28— Btmr Bovic.
from Uven>ool. .-- . - • -
OCEAN STEAMERS.
AMSTERDAM— Arrived Feb 2»r-G«r . ship
Slrine, from Tacoma. • . •: •.•¦'¦¦-•'•'.'.•]¦:
CAL.LAO— Arrived Dec SO— Bark Coal infra,
hence Oct 23, and sailed Jan 21, f or Sari; .Fran-
FALMOUTH— Arrived Feb 27— Br ehip Glr
ista, from Oregon; Br bark Dunearn, hence
Sfpt 29. and nailed for Tyne.
COLON— Arrived Feb 26— Stmr Advance, from
New York. m
Sailed Feb ti— Stmr City of Washington, for
New York.
ADELAIDE— Arrived Feb 27-Ship Hecla,
from Port Blakeley.
HULL— Arrived Feb 27— Br «hlp Cambrian
lllllK. hence Oct t.
LONDON— Arrived Feb 28— Ger ship Nymphe,
from Cliemalnus.
GRAVES END— Arrived Feb 28— Br ship Lar
* gT VINCENT. C V-»-Arrlved prior to Feb 28
— Br stmr Chlng Wo. from A*torla. Or.-
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Feb 2S— Br stmr Doric.
hence Ffb 0.
Sailed Feb 26-Stmr City of Peklngr, for Ban
KKWCAi5TLE. Aus — Sailed Feb 27— Bark
Snow & Burress. for Honolulu.
MAZATIvAN-ealled Feb 27-Br Btmr Colom
bia, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
PHILADELPH I A— Arrived Feb- 27— SlbrlD/ Bah
galore, from Kahulul. -. '¦¦ ¦'.'_,¦":'. - ;.• '
EARTEnN PORT.
EUREKA— Arrived F*-b2S—Stmrs: Scotia aha
Samoa, he- •> PVb "S; stmrs Pomona -and A.ber
dwn, hence i*eb 27. ."•.-•• '.¦ ' ¦-."•'¦ "¦'¦'¦. ¦'¦'¦¦-. ..}:
Sailed Feb 2S— Stmrs Eureka and W;H KrU-.
ter, for San Francisco; schr.-.Bertha.-.DOlp'e.er;
for Pun Diero. • ¦ ; •¦> .': ¦";'¦''.-. ¦¦':¦¦' .•'• »:.•"• •.* # :-.-.": 1
ASTORIA— Sailed Feb 2S^Br Btmr Bucking
ham. for Manila; Nor itnir Fkarpi>n6, for .-i^H-. ;
PORT I>OS ANGEI^ES-^-Arrfyed Feb 2S-^-?tmx
Groenwood. from Greenwood,:'.-, ¦¦•-.•.•.• ¦-...¦.•.:.'
Palled Feb 2S— Ptmr Mlneola, for Nanalmo.: .
NEAH BAT— Pasffd in Feb 2»— Stmr Rainier.
h>>nce Feb 25, for Seattle; stmr- .Waahtenaw;,
hence Feb 23, for Tacoma. . - : ' ¦''.;¦ - : .'.. .-,' :'.-¦;
'. PORT TOWNSEND- Arrived Feb 2S^-Br bark
Wanlock, from ToeoDllla; : .' - - ';'•:¦'¦ ¦'.;''¦ ' : - 1 .V. •::
Sailed Feb 2S— Schr E K Wood, for Hai
-. s'eaTTLE— Sailed Feb 27— Stmr Dirlkp. r for
Sk astray.' ¦' ¦ •¦• ¦. '. ; - .'-¦-.:.";''.•.¦>.•.¦.- v
Arrived Feb . 2S— Br stmr • Pins Buey." from
Tacoma. ¦ '"• ¦' ,'* :,. : O-:'-- ¦ ¦• ¦ :¦ .'./¦:;;¦ ,r.- -i\-.- .
PORT HADIOCK — Arrived :>Feb ' 26^-Schr
Oceania Vance, from San Diego. :•¦¦.-: .-.-•: ¦:'¦:¦••.• •.
COMOX— Sailed. Feb 23.- r SUnr.;BerthA.'- for
Valdez. :'¦:.•¦' . ." ¦ •••.:;'•:" W^'-'-'-r-'-y'-yi.--,:.-/^ ¦¦-¦;¦
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LORDS. Fcb 2S. ; :i^ p. mv- Weather
hazy; wind PE. velocity -4 iiiilePi .:.;;;.
TELEGRAPHIC.
8P0KEX.
Ptr echr Volant-^On Feb 25,Mat SS 64: N. ! Ion
124 30 : W, spoke Br>eallhg: Kchr E; B,:Malon,
wjth. catch of 20 seals.'and : reports 'all welK.
¦r.'-'." . ! -!¦¦"-.¦.: : . : - :. : . ¦;-'.•.:).:¦'¦ ; .r : .Thureday, . T*ebTiia'ry"-;28,-.;:j:"
;^'Cipv'r^lofi";>Mefflntto1ij;r":PaniiM' anil -way
¦ports; -¦': ;•;>>•' ¦:¦. ¦¦;:-.: ;i .' : .:--:-;-;:.:'--..- ; .' ¦-;¦:.-.;:::.-: r-v-"V; ]•;•:¦-.
• Stmrv Arcata; Kelson, Coos Bay.: ¦': ::.¦•¦.:'¦-•¦¦'¦.'.¦
- Stirir : CwjullI* River, Thompson Grays Hax
•beft. - ; i- --- ;: -.:/: ¦•;•';', : ; ; -'\- vV-/ ; - > --'. :^:: •¦.
V::8tmr. Xewsboy, OhlstrPm, : ,Casj«n. ¦ ¦¦ . ' :7 ¦: ,
-.'- Pt-mr.iXavarro, HanBen; -HqWeni; . Landing, .". ,'
.-.-fitmr. National City.:' \Dettmprsi. '¦'¦¦¦:'-r?'. :
Stmr: Sequoia. . Wlinkel, Koi-t : Brag r.- : .! ".¦ ¦':
.'¦-. Stmr.. Monterey;.; '¦¦'-.."¦ ¦'>'-'^''.y ;'"<'.'*'•"¦' ¦'¦'^¦'¦*l : v* ¦''¦¦• ¦• :"•'¦:• •'•':'
.: Etmr Coronado,- .-'Jbttnuon,' .¦¦¦~!% ': : . ¦ '¦• :. ;: -:- ':-. ¦ '
: : ; gchr : - Metha Nelson,-- Christiansen, : : Kjthulul,
»*ia'^ Honolulu. : '.'.'-..'.. : '-', '¦';.-••-• ¦.-:• -:.'-.'^ r -- ¦',: ' : .'.-
EAJL.EI>.
:.. -: vv..- ,-.': ,*/*.' .', :¦.. •Thu™daTt-- : 5!!?!W^*iTt"??*? :^
'.; Stmr.: Colon.' . McKlnnon, ¦ Panariia v*nd.' • way.
T>ort*: ;Paciflc'Mall 6S Co t -. :/.;. .i. .• ; ;-..:.'• ;-;V-.:
•. Br shlij: AustrasJa. -.-EWartv: .Quefinstpwni' Ep-.
t>lnc*r.& : :'O>. ¦ .-; : : .-l -.'.-•¦. : . ¦.-:":-":.¦',¦¦:•. :'••':¦.<;¦'? ¦'."..- -^ ',¦".:.
¦ Br --sKip: .jAi+anmpre... Hdwes,.'.Queenst6wh*. <»
W 1 McX«arvJ •.-.:¦;.¦•. •.v;-..-.->-::'. : ' ! '\ ¦l:K':-:~o'r' 1 «'"¦>*.• v'
•.'Schr^Iaid '.of • Orleans,; Mdriia. .Astoria; Htim>'
:Bros.;'&V ; Hume^'.-.. ;¦;'.• ¦¦..-.•;• ~:-;.v ¦,¦'¦''.' ¦¦V ; -'V : '':'.- :: . :'-i.:''.:'. : :
cleared;
Sjtiij r Na t j orial City, . Dettmers, ' <6 : liou rs f rom :
•Siin ¦ Pedro... ¦ ' •': ¦'. -'¦ ; : . V '. V" -;¦*' .'-.. ¦ -'•'.'.".'¦ ¦- . ¦¦¦_:.•'
,-Sjmr Santa'Roja, Glelow.-'f* hours from-.San'
Dloco. and -way. -portsi -.- ; '.¦::'¦}¦ ¦¦'¦¦"¦ '-'. :.'. ¦-..¦-•'•"•"•'•. ¦
-. . St ni.r- : Gipsyi 1> land.- 24 ¦ hour* .from" . Monterey.' '
Stmr. Kome . City, .Daniels.- 62 hours f rism 6an'
piFep-.-.yia: Rejondo Slvhours-.- . : .' '¦¦ ¦!¦': r -•.:.»; , , , • .
.•v.Stnir ; Jvoyo, .-. Johnson; ; . 14. • Jiouri -. f roqi : .Kprt
Bxae-g,;;:.: . %, y;\ ¦:¦¦¦ i ; . •/• ,- ,. .-.-•;.:. /- : :.:•-.:' V;-'--":...^ ¦•••-.'•".'
Stmr Westport,: Eritkxon, 62 hdurs.frbm San
XHttf>£ *>;;•.- v r'y : •;-.•• •';':¦ ¦ ¦-¦:¦-¦ ¦ :v. v. ¦;;:.;:, V-:
¦ Bark-. Amy Turner, ¦ W r arner;..''lS-- days./ from.
Hila. •;; •' .: :••.-.••, .-\ : '-:-. ¦¦_ ¦ -:¦<¦ . v- ; v ,:*.'A->;.Vr : :
Barge Santa .-pauTaJ '. McGoyern.-- '.-rrr-^- hbiirs
from .Ventura.- 'In- -tow of'tu^ nescuevj: .'•,'.- - : .:. :
. Schr Mary 13 tapster, Thompson. 15 days from.
Honolulu. '-..'••".¦.¦ :'.'-'\ .'" ¦'¦¦¦¦'¦*. '¦ v':. •;'•>•}.— >-;•%.' :'¦
Echr : :Bend^r ; - Bros, ¦ .We'tiel. ' 2S '-hours- from
Bowens Landing. .-.•¦¦¦:¦- •.-•.-./.--¦¦ .--.-4- -."-¦..-. -'¦¦;¦¦.
¦¦ Sehr Xettle Sundbor*:. • Larseri, 9 ;4ays ".froin
Sulelaw River. .'¦¦.'. • ¦ -. '•.-¦: ."•.-.¦.-;; -- : :' ••¦='..•••¦•'•.-•
.-.Schr Jlary. E : Russ,' -Xymaau /S-fdays' -'froiA
GbosBay. ¦ ¦-'.-.. ¦<; ::\ ';••'¦:.;: '. •:"-.. ;¦¦¦¦"¦?':* ¦¦'••'¦-?:>¦¦::
•¦¦' Schr Volant. .Erickspn, 11. days'. from •' Grays
Harbor;' •-¦-.. :.:¦¦ '¦¦• : ' .¦ ;.•'.'¦'¦"'•¦ ; ¦-..¦:¦'¦:¦ :¦'¦'¦:¦':¦' •¦•'-: v v " -'.¦.¦-,•¦¦
2Irs. Alphonsine McGrew Receives
Money Due Her After a Long
Lesral Battle.
Mrs. AlpJionsine MfGrcw Ti-iH novr se
cure the tSOOt insurance money that was
<2ue her from the Mutual Life Insurance
Corhpiiry cf New York. At her husband's
death the Insurance company refused to
ttirh the money over to her on the ground
that previous to his death the husband
l.a.l secured a divorce from her in Hono
lulu on statutory jrrounds. The Supreme
Court yesterday handed down a decision
•affirming: the judgment of the Superior
O>im in ber favor.
On September 14. 1SH2. Mrs. McGrew was
the wife of H*nrl G. Mriirew. They wore
then residing in Honolulu. Abou't that
Tim^ a policy was executed by which the
Mutual Life Insurance Company pr«im
i.-< d to p;iy 15030 to her on her husband's
death. In 1^3 Mr. and Mrs. McGrew
came to California for their h<?<tlth and
r> turr.ed to the iplands in the latter part
• •i D< ci-ir.ber of the samo year. McGrew
v.;'s ;n a very IVeblo mental condition
Iroxn softening of the brain.
When they reached Honolulu the hus
band and wife were mt-t by a man named
Carter, ¦who had been appointed guardian
"i the husband. Carter treated Mrs. Me-
Grew with little consideration. He would
Dot permit her to occupy her former rcsi
ilence. and he took th<? c-nfeebled husband
and placed him in a hospital away from
ib< Borrowing: wife. Carter then brought
fuit Jur <1iv<irro on statutory grounds and
rhe hu^l)aiid .secured a decree. Mrs Mc
<irow jicd to California with her little
boy, f«arir.R that Carter would attempt
Lo take the child from nor.
Tb. ro i? a statute of Hawaii which de
clare* "that when a divorce is decr«»ed for
Infidelity or other offense amounting
thereto of the wife tho husband shall
hoM ber personal estate forever." it was
upon this rtatute th^t tho insurance eom
pany «*lthheld the money, bat the Su
prane <"ourt uphej.l the decision of the
Superior Judge and decided in favor of
:he w;fe.
WITHHELD INSURANCE
UPON A NOVEL PLEA
: ..• 1 1; . was decid ed .. t h a t .the varf ou s pr es 1
dents bflthe commerpial': bodies should call
a meeting of .the truste?3 and . director*
of .their ..several .organizations; - to: ; be held
.at.:.the;. Chamber. . of. Commerce next Mon
day morning: at. -.11. o'clocK,. when -a candi
dat.e.will;bie agreed .upon;} No oriein parr
tiqljlar : h:< s as yet. been'.' rriieh tloned- for tho
-position,; although : a large.-n.umber.of men
.fromveyery-'profession have made appllca
:'tl6.fis\;\fpr1:;S«ppb.rtJ-a^'.-'catttlldate'aj. r Spme
business;.-..man . had wide-ex
perience. ¦ -. '.and ¦¦fuUy"'.understandsv:-: the re
[aiitwrrieritav'.bf ' Pacific >.Coast : trade: in the
far: Kast will ¦ be.selected-andvhla-appoint-
.ment;urgeii;\';^?'-:';>: X:i :'.'..¦•"...•:: ¦•.."•v.--- : -'- : - '•¦¦'¦ ••-''•¦. .v.-
Similar... telegrams : . were : received by
George/v A;:' : Newhaii,- president of :the
.CJhambe'r: !of /Commerce'; '¦ George. W. : . Mc-
Near, rpresident of the Produce Kxehange,
ah.d.:K:.:W;-..r)phrmarin,'- president' of the
Merchants'- Associatlori. ¦:•.¦?¦¦ <'¦•>:¦ \ :
•¦ ; Ii:vln'g.;X£.- ••Scott, '.President' Pacific." Commer
cial; Museum.:-'.. I >vlll -heartily indorse, and urge
appointment aa! Consul .General -at Hongkong
of -any ; Californian .whom you ..and. the presi
dents- of ;.the ether principal .ref rcserrfatlVe com
: mprclal'. '.bodies.- oft: San;' Francisco may nom
¦inate; :¦>•¦:;./ 1 ,: A •'.. .V;;.-THOMAS:R- BARD.
'..'¦ Hon.'. George': A.-Newhall," P.reslderit : .Chamber
of .Commerce.; .--.Heplying telegram from your
selt ...anil- other/representatives .'cbmm'er-cia-1 or
ganizations;.la-^California. In. .'Consul
.General 'to '.'HOngkong,-' have'/presentfea ¦ same to
President :.rpr.- ; .hts;,con!ikJeratlpii,''.', If. you -.will
wire me.; name' or-; party !¦ j'ou .desir-a -appointed
will cprfesent- it tQ'.Presldent • with ;-ypur indorse
nichf and ' the. others named in'.- telegram':"- : • -V '
-.'¦.••:• v: - : -:^-- ¦¦¦'¦ :^ '¦:-¦.'¦¦;¦.•: "• GEo. c. perkixs.
George A. Netvhall, president Chamber ¦ ct
Commerce; A. Sbarboro, president . Manufac
turers' and Producers". -Association; F. W.
Dohrmann, president Merchants' Association;
J. S. Emery, -vice president .California State
Board: of Trade;---.GeorKe::'\Vi ¦ McJJ ear, .presi
dent San .Francisco Produce Exchange; :Irvlng
M. Scott, ..president Pacific." Commercial Mu
jeum;-' Benjamin 'Ide -Wheeler;.- president Unt-
YerBlty^ot-veaHfornia^.;;.;-;-.":"-.'. ¦ : .-\' ; . [''¦.'¦-'¦ , ¦.
V The-.- following -reDlles .iiave. been • fe
ceivpd;' v t -¦'¦:¦:¦ i-.'l-.j '¦:':.- "'.'¦: '- : -.- ¦:.;.-¦ ¦'¦': ¦:':¦¦'¦¦'>.';.
'"'We -respectfully urge that Consul General- at
Hongkong; be selected for knowledge of our
comtnercl&l ¦¦ requirements, &s well . as genera*
fitness,'. and preferably from ".California,- also
that the undersigned be permitted, to unite in
support of such a .candidate ¦••..¦.
The following telegram was sent to both
Senators Perkins and Bard by the gentle
men assembled: .. •.:... ..
San Francisco has become a great sta
tion on the highway to the Orient, and
the future of this city and of the State
of California depends, in a great measure,
upon Asiatic trade. For this reason it is
considered that a representative from this
State at so important a post as that at
Hongkong would materially benefit the
commercial .interests and enterprise of
this section,;. . ¦ .
A meeting of the presidents of the com
mercial bodies of San Francisco for the
purpose of taking measures to secure the
appointment of a Californian to. the office
of Consul General at Hongkong, now va
cant through the death of Rounsevelle
Wildman, was held yesterday afternoon
at, the Chamber of Commerce. It was
decided that the commercial bodies shall
act as a unit In the selection of a candi
date.
Senators Perkins and Bard Promise
. Their Support and the Matter Is '
.. Under Consideration by • .
. : ¦'¦ . . President McKinley. ; .
Commercial Men Want to
Select Next Repre
; sentative. .
CALIFORNIAN MAY
SUCCEED WILDMAN
There was weeping and Wailing: and
g:;a?h:r.s of teeth from one end of the
water front to the other yesterday. The
Ji^r.)or Commissioners held an executive
tcssion early iu the day ajid cailed all the
i;ea<ls of <i«-partments before them. Econ
omy was the cry, and when the ILStOf
names had been eone ever twenty-threo
incnwere out of a job. They were em-
I io>es of the belt railroad, carpenters,
jilumbers, painters and men employed in
Keeping the streets In repair. By this re-
Guctlon in the working force about 12000
u month will be saved. It is said that a
ttij further reduction is contemplated in
the xitar future.
The necessarx permission for the Iron
worka to build a drydock on the 150-foot
t..p was, granted at a special meeting
hold by the Harbor Commission ve«ter
ca;- altcrnoon. ../¦¦..
To obviate any difficulties that might
have hereafter arisen in tho matter the
Jiarbor Commissioners gave the gas com
pany rermi£Mo;i to extend its wnarf out
Jrom n»tj to aw feet. This plan proved sat
isfactory to both companies, Inasmuch as
the Hisdon improvement will be built out
*t right angles from its property and the
two companies will practically have a
jo:rt whiirl".
The original contention of the gas com
pajiy was that If the Rlsdon people got
the extension the gas company would be
unable to land ships at its own wharf, as
the vessels when docked extended out
and took In s. portion of the lil) feet upon
i* hie 11 it is proposed to build the new
nisir: :;e wai s.
An amJcable arrangrerrient has been
reachtd between the HlPdon . Iron- 'Worka
and the San Francisco Gas Company
whereby the iron works people obtain
permission from the Harbor Commission
ers to construct a new drydock la the
IW-foot slip between its property and that
of the gas company at the foot of Sierra
btreet.
Arrangement for Joint Wharf Satis
factory to San Francisco Gas :7
Company — Many State ¦ ..-.//; ;
Employes Discharged.. ' •„,' ';: '¦¦•'".
Harbor Commissioners Grant
Necessary Permission
¦[.r-YtfoT] thi Work. • .>-
RISDON TO HAVE
NEW DRYDOCK
THE SAN FEANCISGO CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1901.
The Transports Meade, Pennsylvania, Buford and
Hancock Expected From Manila During
: -.^'>-.v .tne'.vveeK.-. ; . ; . .^-./.^^rr: •¦¦•;••. -¦:¦>.¦•,,. -•¦.•
FOUR THOUSAND VOLUNTEERS
ARE NOW ON THEIR WAY HOME
PACIFIC MAIL COMPA^ 1 '? TUG' >^
¦; AT WORK TliE R^MAIX?^;T^E Rld^D
BE DIRfeGTEiyTOWARD RECpVERINiG^TriE ;^Om
7
Bun rises : ..6:41
Sun sets .,8:03
Moon 8»ta ..4:08 a. m.
0 Timel Time JTtmel JTime ~
g, Ft. Ft. j 1 Ft. i Ft.
« L W H W L W H V?
1 ... 1:15 J.7 8:22 B.7 3:11—0.1 10:08 -6.0
» ... 8:10 2.4 9:20 5.7 8:52 0.0 10:45 6.1
5 ... 8:57 2.2 10:11 6.6 4:31 0.2 11:21 5.3
4... 4:10 1.8 11:00 6.4 6:05 0.4 11:53' 6.4
6... 6:23 1.6 11:43 .5.2 6:40 0.7
H W U W H W L, W
6 ... 0:20 6.3 6:02 1.4 12:25 6.0 6:15 1.1
7 ...f O:50[ 6.3 6:42 1.4 1:07 : 4.7 C:42 1.5
teamer.
Destination.
{Sails,! .Pier:
_ c :^'v ;^ijtroh-:aV^' ;i V- ; ¦•;¦¦:; :::i ;-¦¦¦.¦¦::¦;¦
Corona^.,.,.;,^ejyjKSrf;;,^,.^,..,,,. y £• I'lfr it
isome.utj j.. : ; , . ii.Kmbol.it ¦¦..,,:..;.-:. lO'.u.m : Rter'-,a :
,llnrt*h -.
Santa Barbar. IIumKpidt- '.¦;»« i. : ;:'i:C: "jSVpm. Pipr : '2
.Point. Ai"?na, v r..Iiii •.;Arpi.ia :-'.v.:. .J 2 jim f'ier/ i
Eu.roka. •.::,..:, H-umftplcltJV.V,.";^.-.- -Sun] Pl«^>ffi
V alia allay Puge.t. Sbiind. rbrts U J «rii Pier -3
¦ ¦•;.--';'v ¦¦¦¦:'¦. '-'A : ..•.'¦; /::-' ¦-Mri.Tch;.'-3iv-;.;.-. .••¦¦:¦•¦."¦ 'i :.;,'- •••.:'•. v-
¦Manda^.y.^.vCo-quine ;niVer;.;:v. iOnrri PI?/ 2 :
SjBma : Rosa:: y . San -..Diseo. ;.;>;..:.;. 9 aih Pier ir
¦¦••/•••¦¦ ; -vv-4^^nrchi'».- -' i ¦.'¦":¦>-:¦ :•:•; ;••:..
Pomona.. iv... Hurriho.iat : .,V.'. .:'..'. .2 pin Pier " ?
Columbia..;.,; Astoria * Portland ll-arii Pier --It-
'¦ ¦ ':.: •''•'..'y.; ¦•¦¦•"':¦ . ?:¦.:•, .March.:-. 5.-'.:->';; • ¦'¦... : : ••-• .;•' • -. ¦
Argp. ;..:.;...>:..: CoqjilHey.River 'n.-Xa. ' :'i pm Pier ,2
•BmPlre;-.;....;.:. eoos:, Bii>-.. ;.,.....„ 10 am Pier 13
Alllanco;..>... }'orUd-.& Coos .Bay 8 am Pier —
Bonlta. V i.».. Newport ::v...-vV.-.v..-. 9 am Pier 11
'i--\'':"i : i.:h tyyinrcYi ;.(i.. . ' -r ,.{..¦¦¦. - ; •¦
FUPaul.;.^-..: New: -.York ;vja. Pap 2 pmlPler-27:
¦pIe.rra.v.;-..:v:'Sydn.!»y;.& M'ny I?ts 9 prtilPfer -T
.CfcasNelsorv.'. Spattlfl'.^ '•.Tacoma. 10-.arn|Pier • -2
¦Acme.'::,. 1 ;:.';;' TUlamook Bay :I,y» 12 m| Pier 13
Qtiecn. .>.;/..-; San " Plepo ¦• L\iX... 9 amiPler 11
.'- '-• : .'•¦.¦.•¦ 'v. 'Mnrcli'7. x. .' .-'..• •'•¦•• •
C6ptleV.".'«''-'-r' China and'-. Japan. I ' 1 pm PMSS
.Umatilla.v,.;,. Puget Sound Ports 11am Pier 9
Colombia;.. : .-. Valparaiso &Way '.;..;.. Pier —
Arcata....;...;* GposiBay ;..>..:... .|12 in Pier 13
Stea nierv ¦
:!
From
l.puk
-I
;WiHam^ffeV>>V/:S^til^-'~v^"-->..'.«.r.i.-: t .:viJMa.r: '1
fi-.-Viitt. .:;.¦:.¦,.•.¦, Panama : .¦.¦V;; v ;;v;;i.: ; }Mat: ¦ a'
Co-lombia.. ,•...:.. \'a.!iiara!.?6. y;--:Panama|Mfcr:' ; t
Matiflaiay. :..¦.,..• CoqtiiHe ¦River..-. 1 . i'/a;',;.' Mar -VI
Cblqrnbla'. '-..:¦..;¦ i'tirtlanVl &..-Ai<t'oria..:.]MaT."Vl :
-:S:ui.t>i,;I::'n-I'2irn; Fa ;iV. . I'.-d ro.i.V.. I >-.V-;' -'.¦•.' -;V. : -j Mar;-':' J
. J '". ih-n. .'nii V;-. :V..Y. 1 i'.iin Hoi, 1 1 :':.;¦.;¦;.. ;'v;.v. ..'.1 Mar ; - ?
VuMori.! cj.'.i Il.irhor I Mar.' 2
Curarau.. ;.;.;.;.; /Mexjf^l'Jrts;,^ v..;'v.villaK -j
.Crfisc»»nt City.. t.'Jirse-rnc /City. ,,'.7/.vv.:;v^ Mar." '3
•Urnatllln. ....... )\«^rt?;:Sbuh ; dV-. I»6rt«.:.v.Ular;-;. r J
AUiance:>-:.V;x:;.T > c>rWandV'&^G<)oji/BajriVjMar.>-3
AcniH..v..>i..-.:,:,T.!.U.arno6k'.Bay ;. : .-.:;'.,:;iMai'.' ; 3
« ut -«'n i-nn Vbr.o filar. . 3'
Ay aiBhtMrtuw;.^:;T»r,;:na.% :,:,:;; ;Vv.-.;,.;;.;Uiar;.' 3'
,^M]tonv.,:v.;...;. <;ia> xVHiirbor':..., : . :/;;.. Mar:' 'i
"¦'¦'I'ir- Coos Hay M ar. I
;Nr.rth;.^()rK;.:.,..!liiral : , 1 :ut.::;;.:::'.;.;,;;.;; Matt-^'6
:Mackii:.iw. ;.¦.:.;;, f.'f.':<ttl'o ; .>';i;. ; »,.'-;-;.;,-:;'./.-V:v.-:;.:. Mar- '-5'
ArCata.:, ¦.:¦;,.¦•..:¦:.:;: CJ.-i.is;; Hajiy:-;:.:^.;::-.-'. 1 .': ;.•.-¦. Afar '.'5
0>rona,V....^,,;;:^e i vi',art^::\..;v., v ;;.;;:;-,;^larv^6
NewburRvi/^^Ot^ys^Harb^r'^J^/^Mar^Vr
Point •A'"«'na'.'.;. : .--i;T > i-)Int ; -'Ar< v i]a-;..'.v;; ,".;;.'; Mar.V 7
Santa ltosai;;v.,FBir ; I>lrKb: ;:h.. :v ;.. ; V;-Mar::7
teamer.
Destination.
{Sails,! .Pier:
_ c :^'v ;^ijtroh-:aV^' ;i V- ; ¦•;¦¦:; :::i ;-¦¦¦.¦¦::¦;¦
Corona^.,.,.;,^ejyjKSrf;;,^,.^,..,,,. y £• I'lfr it
isome.utj j.. : ; , . ii.Kmbol.it ¦¦..,,:..;.-:. lO'.u.m : Rter'-,a :
,llnrt*h -.
Santa Barbar. IIumKpidt- '.¦;»« i. : ;:'i:C: "jSVpm. Pipr : '2
.Point. Ai"?na, v r..Iiii •.;Arpi.ia :-'.v.:. .J 2 jim f'ier/ i
Eu.roka. •.::,..:, H-umftplcltJV.V,.";^.-.- -Sun] Pl«^>ffi
V alia allay Puge.t. Sbiind. rbrts U J «rii Pier -3
¦ ¦•;.--';'v ¦¦¦¦:'¦. '-'A : ..•.'¦; /::-' ¦-Mri.Tch;.'-3iv-;.;.-. .••¦¦:¦•¦."¦ 'i :.;,'- •••.:'•. v-
¦Manda^.y.^.vCo-quine ;niVer;.;:v. iOnrri PI?/ 2 :
SjBma : Rosa:: y . San -..Diseo. ;.;>;..:.;. 9 aih Pier ir
¦¦••/•••¦¦ ; -vv-4^^nrchi'».- -' i ¦.'¦":¦>-:¦ :•:•; ;••:..
Pomona.. iv... Hurriho.iat : .,V.'. .:'..'. .2 pin Pier " ?
Columbia..;.,; Astoria * Portland ll-arii Pier --It-
'¦ ¦ ':.: •''•'..'y.; ¦•¦¦•"':¦ . ?:¦.:•, .March.:-. 5.-'.:->';; • ¦'¦... : : ••-• .;•' • -. ¦
Argp. ;..:.;...>:..: CoqjilHey.River 'n.-Xa. ' :'i pm Pier ,2
•BmPlre;-.;....;.:. eoos:, Bii>-.. ;.,.....„ 10 am Pier 13
Alllanco;..>... }'orUd-.& Coos .Bay 8 am Pier —
Bonlta. V i.».. Newport ::v...-vV.-.v..-. 9 am Pier 11
'i--\'':"i : i.:h tyyinrcYi ;.(i.. . ' -r ,.{..¦¦¦. - ; •¦
FUPaul.;.^-..: New: -.York ;vja. Pap 2 pmlPler-27:
¦pIe.rra.v.;-..:v:'Sydn.!»y;.& M'ny I?ts 9 prtilPfer -T
.CfcasNelsorv.'. Spattlfl'.^ '•.Tacoma. 10-.arn|Pier • -2
¦Acme.'::,. 1 ;:.';;' TUlamook Bay :I,y» 12 m| Pier 13
Qtiecn. .>.;/..-; San " Plepo ¦• L\iX... 9 amiPler 11
.'- '-• : .'•¦.¦.•¦ 'v. 'Mnrcli'7. x. .' .-'..• •'•¦•• •
C6ptleV.".'«''-'-r' China and'-. Japan. I ' 1 pm PMSS
.Umatilla.v,.;,. Puget Sound Ports 11am Pier 9
Colombia;.. : .-. Valparaiso &Way '.;..;.. Pier —
Arcata....;...;* GposiBay ;..>..:... .|12 in Pier 13
Bun rises : ..6:41
Sun sets .,8:03
Moon 8»ta ..4:08 a. m.
0 Timel Time JTtmel JTime ~
g, Ft. Ft. j 1 Ft. i Ft.
« L W H W L W H V?
1 ... 1:15 J.7 8:22 B.7 3:11—0.1 10:08 -6.0
» ... 8:10 2.4 9:20 5.7 8:52 0.0 10:45 6.1
5 ... 8:57 2.2 10:11 6.6 4:31 0.2 11:21 5.3
4... 4:10 1.8 11:00 6.4 6:05 0.4 11:53' 6.4
6... 6:23 1.6 11:43 .5.2 6:40 0.7
H W U W H W L, W
6 ... 0:20 6.3 6:02 1.4 12:25 6.0 6:15 1.1
7 ...f O:50[ 6.3 6:42 1.4 1:07 : 4.7 C:42 1.5
Stea nierv ¦
:!
From
l.puk
-I
;WiHam^ffeV>>V/:S^til^-'~v^"-->..'.«.r.i.-: t .:viJMa.r: '1
fi-.-Viitt. .:;.¦:.¦,.•.¦, Panama : .¦.¦V;; v ;;v;;i.: ; }Mat: ¦ a'
Co-lombia.. ,•...:.. \'a.!iiara!.?6. y;--:Panama|Mfcr:' ; t
Matiflaiay. :..¦.,..• CoqtiiHe ¦River..-. 1 . i'/a;',;.' Mar -VI
Cblqrnbla'. '-..:¦..;¦ i'tirtlanVl &..-Ai<t'oria..:.]MaT."Vl :
-:S:ui.t>i,;I::'n-I'2irn; Fa ;iV. . I'.-d ro.i.V.. I >-.V-;' -'.¦•.' -;V. : -j Mar;-':' J
. J '". ih-n. .'nii V;-. :V..Y. 1 i'.iin Hoi, 1 1 :':.;¦.;¦;.. ;'v;.v. ..'.1 Mar ; - ?
VuMori.! cj.'.i Il.irhor I Mar.' 2
Curarau.. ;.;.;.;.; /Mexjf^l'Jrts;,^ v..;'v.villaK -j
.Crfisc»»nt City.. t.'Jirse-rnc /City. ,,'.7/.vv.:;v^ Mar." '3
•Urnatllln. ....... )\«^rt?;:Sbuh ; dV-. I»6rt«.:.v.Ular;-;. r J
AUiance:>-:.V;x:;.T > c>rWandV'&^G<)oji/BajriVjMar.>-3
AcniH..v..>i..-.:,:,T.!.U.arno6k'.Bay ;. : .-.:;'.,:;iMai'.' ; 3
« ut -«'n i-nn Vbr.o filar. . 3'
Ay aiBhtMrtuw;.^:;T»r,;:na.% :,:,:;; ;Vv.-.;,.;;.;Uiar;.' 3'
,^M]tonv.,:v.;...;. <;ia> xVHiirbor':..., : . :/;;.. Mar:' 'i
"¦'¦'I'ir- Coos Hay M ar. I
;Nr.rth;.^()rK;.:.,..!liiral : , 1 :ut.::;;.:::'.;.;,;;.;; Matt-^'6
:Mackii:.iw. ;.¦.:.;;, f.'f.':<ttl'o ; .>';i;. ; »,.'-;-;.;,-:;'./.-V:v.-:;.:. Mar- '-5'
ArCata.:, ¦.:¦;,.¦•..:¦:.:;: CJ.-i.is;; Hajiy:-;:.:^.;::-.-'. 1 .': ;.•.-¦. Afar '.'5
0>rona,V....^,,;;:^e i vi',art^::\..;v., v ;;.;;:;-,;^larv^6
NewburRvi/^^Ot^ys^Harb^r'^J^/^Mar^Vr
Point •A'"«'na'.'.;. : .--i;T > i-)Int ; -'Ar< v i]a-;..'.v;; ,".;;.'; Mar.V 7
Santa ltosai;;v.,FBir ; I>lrKb: ;:h.. :v ;.. ; V;-Mar::7
JUJVEitTISEMENTiS:
©A II
._.. ; . ; _._. Agateware };
.0*8*^ Jardiniers
V* r ! ce^J' Cfkkery '% •
h^^ Glassware
yg^ Dinner Sets
1^1 Toilet Sets
Arlware
Great American Importinii Tea Go.
CITY STORES.
-Z1O Grant Ave., bst. Post and Suttet
861 Market St., opp. Powell.
140 Sixth St. 1419 Polk 6t.
!!2 Third St. 1819 Devlsadoro 8t.
14fl Ninth St. 2O0S Fillmar-e St.
SOOOSNteanth St. 521 Montgomery Ar,
2Sltt Allusion St. 3285 Mission St.
70o Lorkln St. . 2732 24th St.
3S3 Hayes St. 475 Hui£ht St.
OAKLAND STORES.
IO5f! Washington St 1237 Broadway.
IIS5 2.°.rd Arc. 616 E. I2th St.
¦• 1510 Seventh St.
ALAMEDA-1355 Park St. .
SAN RAPAHL— B St.. near Fourth.
70 Othor Dranch Store*.
Bpft* ftuSf ,, Jm| fiSJ i^h_ Wm
ISH^^^^BmU w 3Lffl* Mi u nif ¦MifrTJnBSj/IJ
H?3 fft H Ev9 S9R C&j BfQM s^ fi sbi M
DTDTTCLJCC for barbers, baic
IJJlIU l^rlJuO rrs ' bootblacks, bsth-
** m T. . m 7 m houses." billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmllls, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, , tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc*
BUCHANAN BROS. :
rush Manufacturers . 609 Sacramento St.
\M. T.HESS,
K0IAKT PVBLIJ AN3 JiTrOSLHEI-XCLXy.
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg."
. Telephone Brown 831. ,,
Residence,. 821 California SV, below Powell.
San Francisco. • .
PEXNSTLVANIA SYSTEM
f of railroads.
Office, 20 Montgomery street •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AMUSEMENTS.
Phone c --»h "70.
LAST VIMES.
T»f"k lMI^f-| t T T To-morrow Eve. and
1 VF - Illvlll 1 Mat. to-morrow.
AI (I F1RI n GREATER V
HL Ui TIULU MINSTRELS.
Open-Air Concert. Alhambra Entrance.
EVENING 25c. 3flc, SOe and T5«i
MATINEE.... 15c. 25c. U3c and 5Oc
SPECIAL— CALi?OfiNfA THEATER.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING, March
3d— LEWIS MORRISON'S Mag-
nificent Production of
17 A I ICT—Coiniiany and Production
rrtUQI ...Direct From New York.
LAST TIMES,
THIS EVENING I To-morrow nleht and
-.••••-: Illilllll I Matinee to-morrow.
V • ' "A Truly Beautiful Story. "Well Told."
¦ MR.. W.E. NANKEVILLE PRESENTS /
Tub YlLLAOc presented bt a i
- n. n^A»T««. CLEVER COMPANY I
.;• PARSON. ¦ 1 PLATm - i
¦\ EVENING. .....25c, ROc and 7.1c.
'¦¦: MATINEE ......23c and 50c.
NEXT SUNDAY EVENING, March 3.
LEWIS MORRISON'S;
/• ' v-"-V"..; -'-.MaKnlflcent. Production of. .:.- ¦•=•' • •
XT A I TC*! 7 •'•••'•Company and Production
r/\IJC> !...„.. .Direct From N>w Yorlc.
*T!VOLI*
:evenings : -'- "at -. ~*,f. ¦¦ matinee : . saturdat ¦
":^?.;iy.:: Liy{-;:' : ;;. ;.v :^AT.--?.:^;-: ; ;,v- : ?;•: : -V- '¦ ;\ ¦-.:
YOU; . -ARE?-!- NOT;- .'iN/r THE - SWIM.^ IP.;', YOU
V : -:^AiL tpr SEE; THE OPERATIC HIT/
% E NILEl
;'. J: FERRIS •HARTMAN. as THE WIZARD.
t^^g^;Mf^^\ytiadJ^yjujTsai kino.
PbPtJiLAlV PJKICESi^i-^iU^S and CO cents
; - p.- •;?.:.. C.v'Teiejjjhp.neT-Bush »..: .¦.-..¦.¦';¦•
BELASCO A*a THALrSjttfflg
— Phone South 533 •
TO-NIGHT AND SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
EVENINGS.
. : MATINEE 6ATUR.DAY and SUNDAY.
Last Performances of Belasco and Fyles' Great
Military Play.
THE GIRL I LEFT BEHIND ME
A MAMMOTH PRODUCTION.
SEE THE GREAT CAVALRY CHARGE,
WITH REAL HORSES.
DDirCC II Evenings 10c. 15c, 33«. JOc
I KILL J || Matinees 10c. 15c. 2So
NEXT MONDAY— THE GREAT CONVICT
PLAY. "THE BLACK FLAG." - :¦- ,
MATINEES TO-MORROW AND SUNDAT.
LAST THREE NIGHTS.
"What Happened
To Jones "
SEATS NOW READY FOR NEXT WEEK.
Augustin Daly's Brilliant Comedy,
"COUNT SS GUCKI"
SEATS— 15c, 25c. 33c, 60c.
mechanics; pavilion
16 DAYS,' Commencing TO-MORROW, March 2.
. Performances at 2:30 and 8 p. m. Dally.
NOKlilS & ROWB'S
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
¦The more I see of dog the less I think of
man."— Dr. Johnnon.
3G0-PERFORMINO ANIMALS-JOO.
The Greatest Aggregation of Educated Animals
in the World.
Elephants. Zebras. Gcats. Sea Lions. Ponies.
" Monkeys. Doss*. Ant. Eaters and Zebus.
First Time in This City of Mr. Winston Rnd
His Wonderful School of EDUCATED SEALc.
the Most Marvelous Animal Act in tha World.
HERR SETLKR. the Famous German Animal
Trainer and His Small Clown Elephant.
A Grand Free Illuminated Street Parade Will
Be Given To-Night at 8 o'clock. Brine
• the Chlldron.
Seat sale opens at Pavilion To-Day at 10 a. m.
PRICES— ADULTS. !3c: CHILDREN. 10c
Phone South 720.
• THE SAN FRANCISCO. JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFORAN PARK.
Continuous Racing. Beginning Monday, Febru-
ary 11, 1301. •
Six' OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAT.
Six Stake Event*. Three Hurdle Races and Sis
• ( ¦ ¦'¦ ... Steeplechases.
FIRST RACE*OF THE DAY AT 1:19 P. M.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets for
Tanforan Park at 7.. 10:40, 11:30 a. m.. 12:40. t,
1:20 and 2 p. m. Trains leave Tanforan Park
for San Francisco at 4:15 p. ni., followed after
the last race at Intervals of a few minutes by
several sp-clals. Seats in rear cars reserved for
ladles and .their escorts. Admission to course,
includins railroad fare. $1 25.
«,¦>*-.-.. MILTON 3. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racine Secretary.
FISCHER >C J CONCERT rlOUSE.
Flechtl's Tyrolean Troupe. Antonio and Con-
clilta Martinez, The Leonis. Hosco and Sims.
Hut)} Nelta. .Gertie Amsell and Hlnrlchs' Or-
••he^tra. Reserved Seats. I3c. Matinee Sunday.
AMT7S!E2OINTS.
f*f%t Bl^SSSIIA SA.1 FEASCISCO'S
vUtUUl¥3_ULBra lEASl'iG THEATEE
NOTE— No telephone or mall orders accepted.
. . SEATS NOW SELLING for th»
SECOND AND LAST WKEK.
'¦'."¦¦ Only Appearances Hero o£
MRS. :
LESLIE CARTER
After Her London Triumph.
As ZAZA in
DAVID BELASCO'S PLAT
MATINEE TO-MORROW.
PRICES $2. »1 50. »1. ?5o and SOo
Comlnr— D» Koven & Smith's Comto Opera.
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
VAUDEVILLE'S "MOST PROMINENT
HEADUNERS!
ROBERT HILLIARD & CO.
KATHBRINE BLOODGOOD.
JOHN LE HAT, THE BROTHERS BARD.
A. L. GUJLLE." DUMOND'S 1IIN3TREL8.
AL AND MAMIE ANDERSON. KELCET
SISTERS. THE BIOGRAPH.
Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony, 10c: Oper»
Chairs and Box Seats, SOo.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND' OPERA. HOUSE
MATINEES SATURDAT and SUNDAT.
LAST THREE NIGHTS OF
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT of Uu» Farorlta
Romantic Actor,
MR. HOW A RD HA LL
In the Drama cf His Own Composition,
"A HUSBAND'S HONOR."
A Striking; Incident of the Piece Will Be Mr.
Hall's Entry Into a Den cf Lions to
Secure a Lady's Glove.
: ' PRICES— 10c. 13c. 25c. 50c
" ' A Few Front Rows in Orchestra. 73c.
Good Reserved Seat In Orchestra at All Mat-
inees, I5c.
BRANCH TICKET OFFICE EMPORIUM.
MONDAY — "AROUND THE WORLD IN
EIGHTY DAYS,"
RACING I RACING ! RACING I
" • ".- 19C0-WINTER MEETING— 1901.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs.
day. Friday and Saturday. Rain or ahlna.
. Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave S?n Francisco at 12 m. and
12:20, 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. in., connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to Uia
track. Last two cars en train reserved for
ladUs and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenua
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak*
land. Also all trains via Alameila mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
go direct to the track in fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains Ic»ave the track at 4:15 and
4:C p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary.
CHUTES ANDJZOO «2P£SS»
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
TO-MORROW AFTERNOON,
JUVENILE PERFORMERS* MATINEE
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
GRAND CAKEWALK,
Telephone for seats — Park 23.
HENSCHELS.
POSITIVELY LAST APPEARANCE.
T0-M0RR0W at 3:15 p. m.
nil ipp These hotels pos-
rALAut ;«• the attribnte :
that tourists and
Qlin travelers appreciate
"»" —central location.
P Q A M II liberal manage-
UUAliU merit, modern ap-
HftTrj O pointments and
nUltLoi p crf « ct cuisin =
" y "" l>U l American and Ea-
San FranCiSCa. ropean plans.
DS. W0NO WOO TEA AND HE*B 3ANITA&IUX.
7S4-768 CLAY STRSET.
' 4S^^Sk. San Francisco. Dec. 24. 1900.
¦rggy^ To all whom It may concern:
f "V In December, 1S39, I was talc-
'&{£ 3 *n sick with Black Typhoid
fLj, 9 Fever, the most virulent type
\&^i known' to medical »ciencc I
had hemorrhages, both r.a.ial
timgmjS*3m and Intestinal, eight of ths
VfriA f* f VV\v latter (icourrir? In one day.
••*»«i*JBi». Dr. Wong Woo, the- amlnent
Chinese physician, was caUed. and with on«
dose of hta tea stopped the flow oC blood, there-
by saving my life, as I had been given up by
my white physician, as .well as by all my
friends. Was unconscious four weeks, but by Dr.
Wong Wco's wonderful Iktll he saved my life
from this most fatal of all fevers. Although I
was confined to my bed three months, was
abl« to resume my vocation In six months
from the time I went to bed. and now I
weigh 202 pounds, more than I had ever at-
tained previously. I would cheerfully recom-
mend Dr. Wong Woo to any one In need of a
flrst-vlass physician for any cause whatsoever.
—RALPH N. FOLKS. Sli Golden Cat* ave..
San Francisco, Cal.
fir
FOR WEAK WOMEM.
I Firsi&isplay 1
I •. New Dresses','; i - 1|& ¦ §
I New r Jackets 1
I New SkSrts^ •.-. few I
I v -NEW- RAGLANS, from / UA |l | ik 1
| $15.00 to $30.00 ;, JS WiwIllOT
I I NEW TRIMMED TAILOR • ' !i| i) j i||||>3
I ¦ DRESSES; from $20 to $35 J /illll'!!!lli!l I'MLlg
oatmeal [
is bitter— •
(&y\ Y . sweet
Hornby's Steam Cooked Oatmeal
V • JEASTERN MARKETS.
:'.:¦¦ "¦'¦v- ¦¦:¦¦ ¦•:¦-.'.¦¦¦¦¦¦ -.-:..- ,.;¦•¦¦..¦ : - ¦¦ — ..[. . '. ¦.¦.-=•¦; .*•¦¦
: ; CniCAGa' •' F.eb'. JrK^M^f-Vwheatf :^hiviri^
opened .iinchahged , to- a- shade;' lower:' -at': 76 1 - : '4'e' /
to.': TCc^ ;. ;-:d«k-iined_ - diirlne- ;: the-' : first.' '.ho'ur'-''..to'
'.7u^q -¦• under ¦' /moderate'. '; kales. ;'by.- ciprnrriisSiori-:
houEes; and";.gener'.a.iry- )'par,ish!- pit: traders..
;Eitle ; Ijntere^Vs were.;part!cUlarly 'jjut'lpf-the' niirr
kttr aha . the .-tta.de.- .-following- :th'e;'bpenlhg was"
¦confined '. to.: local-. ' hands.' \ ;.' The re "were- little'
spurts of activity,, but /these, wefe ¦scattered
among- nnire conspicuous, periods . : qf.stagnatrbh; :
The. first dip was . mai!c In';- the face -.of : steady.
cables and moderate receip' t'B'.° ".'..ThereAvej-e CreV.
forts that. a powerful'.' tlrvator -owner, bought',
moderately. 'early, but- tl.i-s.' buying fpr'the time
ljeing was overlooked. Th6 persistency of the
demand finally had. . the ¦'•effect 'of aiafrrilng
.thorts and a tharp ruliy '. to ..76V»c took-, place.'
The liberality of seabtard" clearances and the'
moderation of primary receipts, together with
reports of the appearance of fly in Central ;
Illinois, also combined 10 make the bear-con-
tingent somewhat uneab>, but their pessimism
was too deep to attach much importance to
anything advanced by the bulls as consequen
tial and detiplte the efforts of the agents of the
elevator concern to sustain the market it waa
hammered back to 75"4c, at which lt closed,
*,ic under yesterday. ".. •••• •". -. ;
Business in the corn pit' was" fairly active'
The market eased oft early" in' sympathy with
wheat, but the r^rslst.cnt buying of a prom
inent operator and ihe rally In wheat drove
the shorts to cover. May closed y»c higher
at 40%c. ¦
Transactions In the cats market were fairly
lars*-. prices following wheat and corn. May
eloped unchanged at 2o'/3C.
In provisions the activity was chiefly in lard,
which was gold on a liberal scale by a Mil
waukee packing concent. Pork was also for
eale from the same ssurce and as the market
received only scattering support prices de
clined "and the close was rather hijavy. May
r>ork closed 12M>c lower, lard 7ViS10c down and
ribr. Sc depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
CJijcqgif. Grtiw;i Market.
Poultry and Game.
TeEterday was the last day for* Quail and
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 0@Sc; Asparagus,
12US(16c for 'No. 1 and 6<£10c per lb for No. 2;
Green Peas, 2«57c for Los Angeles and 638c
for Bay; String i B?ans, 8©15c: Cabbage. |l;
Tomatoes. L,o» Angeles, 75c«?$l 50 per orate;
from- Mexico. $1 2Z<U\ 50 per vrate; Egg Plant,
Irf>s Angele«. 12\4«J20c per Hir Green Peppers,
Los Angelrs, Sfilic r*r lb for Chile and
for Bell; Dried Perper*, U^lSc; Dry Okra,'
23c per lb; Carrots, 25'g33c per sack: 'Hothouse
Cucumbers.- ~Z>rfl12 per dozen: fummer Squash.
$1 60472 per box; Garlic. SWSHc per lb; Marrow
:at Squash, $30 per ton; Mushrooms. 12>4ffl2Oc
per - lb. ''TilHiWftfcMsnlffliiLnratlM
POTATOES— Early Rose, 75@S5c; Burbanks.
3Cf<C0c for River, %\®\ 20 per ctl for Salinas
and COcflSl for Oregon; Garnet Chiles from
Oregon. <M<?f7Jc: Sweets, 75c®Jl for Merced. '
OWIONS— J2 75©4 per ctl; Cut Onions, $2Q>
2 (0 per ctl; Australians are Jobbing at; 5c.
PotRtoes are weak, with liberal receipts, and
prices show Fome change. ¦
Southern Vegetables continue to weaken,
owing to the Increasing receipts of Asparagus,
Rhubarb and Pens from around the bay.
Receipts were 102 • boxes ' of Asparagus, S2
bcxes of Rhubarb and 16 sacks of Bay Peas.
The weakness In Onions Is becoming pro
nounced and prices are again lower. The top
notch of the market Is Jl, and this figure Is
obtainable only for NVvadas. There are some
Australinrs being Jobbed out in small parcels
at the quotations below. .. '¦ -
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
There is very little going on and quotations
remain as usual.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50®2 75; Small White. Jl 60
0190; Large White, $4®4 25; pink, $2 15@2 33;
Red, $3@3S0; Blackeye. 53fJ3 23: Llmas. S3 60®
6 70; Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney, J3 "o@4 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Tellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, J2C0S3; Canary, 3Vit?
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa. 7%ff8tfc for Califor
nia and OigSHc for Utah; Rape, 2@2J4c; Hemp,
3V4e: Timothy. 6UC.
DRIED PEAS— Xiles. $2^2 DO; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal, , j;.^.
Beans and Seeds.
Bran Is qi^iet and weak, but no lower. The
¦weakness is due to the soft, growing weather.
Iir.y remains unchanged. ' •
nRAN-J16fri7 per ton.
MIDDL1NGS-J16 W819 SO r^r ton.
KEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. *t'6®16 50 per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25{?:.'6: Jobbing.
$2C 60; Cocoanut Cake. J17(glS; Corn Meal. $25<i3
2.'. SO: Cracked Corn. $25 iO®26; Mixed Feed,
J15@16.
HAY— Volunteer. $308; Wheat, $11013; Wheat
and Oat. $3@12; Oat. $3®11 50: Clover, nominal;
AlTaifa. $S09CO: Barley. $7 CO® 9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35®47«£c per bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
.¦¦FLOUR-.Call'forr.la... F.-arriliy ¦./.Ext ris. «; »3 25®
J3-50,: 'usual •.'ter.ms'.vBa.kers' ExtrasJ":$li5j33.2j;^
.Oregon, ' : .$2 754f2.€5 • per •.Ibarrerf.for;. ifamtiyl-. and
12 7563 f6r''baiicrs ? :; TVashir-gtSri, bakers' ;V|2 75
©3. .:¦;¦¦:.'¦¦¦ :- : .,V ••..: ..- • ;/.: .:¦;.¦ '::.';. ¦ V.;-:.
MILLSTUFFS^-Pricesi/in sacks ¦are" as-101
lnws; usuat : discpunt ; to.- the trade:: :Graham
Flour, . $i: per 100 lbs;' Rye Flour. .$2 75; Hye
Mear. $2 iff:. Rice Flouri $7: Corn Meal, 12 75;
extra cream! do, $3-50; Oat Groats, $4 50: fiom.
Iiiy. ¦ $35003 75 :'.'•¦ Buckwheat Flour.- $4»4 25;
Cracked TVheat. .|3 SO; Farina, il 60; Whole
TVheat Flour, {3 23: Rolled Oats (barrels). $fi 10
07 CO; . : ln. sacks. '. $3 75Q7 25; Pearl Barley, $3;
Split Peas, $5;- Green Peas. JC CO per 100 lbs.
Ffyur:mid;Millstuffs\
•' 'Infornial .'.Ke>s!on;- ii S.:i5 .': o'.c I dek— No- saiea... ¦"'.-.". '-.
{.¦.Pecpnd.' S.essibn-t-.X 6; tales'. •'•¦;•; .;..;.; '. '-:.., .'•' '..;¦ '": '
<¦ itVif ulfir S.p.-sibH^-No ..'sales.;' ¦'."¦¦'. - ' -. . ;_,
. $essfpn—:Xo;.. Sales.' '.-.'• .: '; ; -~L ";.":•.-. •:..;':
rnark.et being; very ¦quiet;-;"-: '>v : :'- :."¦•¦;¦'•¦ •¦•v'.:';.':-;
¦' AVh-lte.- ¦: il i3Q 1 4i: '¦¦¦ Surprise.: ; nominal ;V Redw
:$1 25(gi-'40; :for .-Feed' -and .. $.1 35@1 45- >.fpr' "Seed:
«iray. '.nomihalV-.' Black, :f.or- ieed,-...'?l JT.Vs^Jl .20;'
tpi- •¦*ee"d;-.Jl'2DW.-l;30..p.er. CtK' ' .¦(.:;[:{¦ ¦".-.¦'; •¦.•;.¦•••.•.••:.¦
.:• CORN-rthe'-mdrket- continues -flat' and.-iijgT
'Itcted. '.. ;/Yellc'w','.'- .VfiAV&fal 1».: '.- .^Vhlt*;.- "1 |1 15;
Kact^rnVmlxe'd/'-'Sl.iSVJ-'per.'ctf. ..' ••¦.•¦¦;.¦¦.?• ' .•"">•".¦.
• i P.X&^SZ%@iSc'ipet: .c.tli : -.*: Offerings .meet-. .w:lth;
littler attentlpn: '.-:¦-'¦¦ ¦'.•¦.; ' ' '".: . <¦¦ "".¦.'¦¦':: ¦'.- ' ..., '.::.,':
,. ; UUCkTVHEAT^-QuctatIo.ns..are.. nbrhlnaU :. •
,'wfere' quiet;. arid..-featijrpre8s. ; .-. .. •* ' 'xK--'. -} ••:':;:'¦'
-; ;'chic.a«P \.'operie'd' ; ;:.ateady-''.' °nv..b>tter.- fprelgh : .
cables '.'and !-lI.gh : t-'rece|^ts r .;.th ; oi!?h : the r 'Vl.em'apd:
¦cY.nt'iTmed -/'rricidelratei. ''i CGniniJEslpn-/ rhen ? ;h^d.
.few ' orders.-. ¦:.Arrnour : ;"bo.UK.ht - ¦'bushels'
'May:..' :Th-e; .Cincinnati: Price ' -Current reported
¦¦Vhc'; cro-p ;fn- -"gobd •.cond.iii.6fi.' Jand- -above:', the'
fcv.erage-of ¦ a .'yeaf- iac'ol ... There, .wer'js Some ; re
i»c.rts of: cold- Weather.' with: l^ck .of-.'snqw prov
..'tr-c'tibri. ¦¦¦ Minneapolis : Xsired.-. -an .-¦expected.-vl.hV;
•crease of- .frorh-- 150',00ft : . tg.viOO.OOO' - bushels .. for'
the. week' DUlutJj..'aboUt-if'0;C00:. ..-¦.'¦ v. -;. 1 : Vv
'-¦. ; The.; •lojcal'.ymarket ¦•••e.ohtiniied-' ..dull : : 'and .;.¦ utt-'
; thanied;. . .-¦ '.\. :..•••::. ';:,'. ¦,'.¦'¦'¦..¦¦ .'• ¦'¦:.¦'• <•: v •-.:,¦'•
' Spot -' '.TVh>a-t— Shipping., .' %c ; ~-riillling.'.07-14®.'
.$lJp:>5 p;er. ctlv'.vAV -.•¦:.•;': :¦"'••••• • ¦•'.„ ¦•V.--..;.':'-::.- :v ;
; .:;•¦;.. : ; ; ¦ ;i : ? • CALL;. BOARD; SA tiESi ,;. :'¦ -7:V;V"- ; "V
" -Informal; Sesstdii-^Sjlo .o'clock— iiay-^IQOi) ctis.V
¦.¦Sl'.UV.^ :•'•¦•:'• : .V: '-'¦• '¦ : '--'" ¦••' •-.' •'/-•- -' ¦-''•' -'¦¦ '.">• "¦
• X Second .Sesslon^May^MIO • 'ctls.- ¦:S3!ic;''- B6O0, ¦
r .?9Vi : bl:'De : cember^r80OO.:.$l.<MVfc-.. : ;< : ;';:;-'.'.-. :-V. \' -¦:
•'.¦Regular -Mornlni? SeisiishWXf* i-sates.^ .' ¦' ¦" '..'.•••: :
•:'>.Afternb<5n ; .'Session— Mjay^riteo ' c'Us;' ;9a.Vici SiW,
•;?'•.:'.' •'•.V'.-:'i.' : r: -'i'.':':-""--- .''*y'-'-*.:\.' : : . "•;.-"¦: ;,;
"¦...llARLTIY— ¦Stagnation ' .continues.- and : ."sales
¦cre-smallahUOc-caslo.nal.' ;;'X.o:: change. In; prlcei ¦
: . ;' Fcml.-:72V4C •.for-chdl.ee: bright'.'. 7OS.7154 q ' f or.Xo.-.
:ii and'.C7HC : 'jror' qlT glrades;' Brewing-. apd..SWp-.'.
i.'tn'g- "gra'dec; -' JZii Sbc:- • Chevalier.'.:. nominal.: ' r ;. .-. -
Wheat and Other-Drains^
Sterling ¦Exchange,--. 60 .da.ys.'.'.-./.-'.-T-: :¦-¦ tl-85'4'
S.terllng- Exchange. . sight.-...'.-.;..' -^ ; ' ' :-.¦-; 4' 8SV4
KterlinK Cables' :;i;.^.±/...L£s£i. .¦*-: ¦ ~ : ¦' 4' 89f^
New- -York ¦:EJfchange i :'sl^h.t-.:..;.V ;-^'.-... • :¦.; lVfc
Xew YorK'Kxchange, -telesra-p-hla'- —.-.: .¦-,-•'" " -22^i..
Silver'. ' per. -ounce-., :.;. : ;'.::-..'.". :y..C.v-. —¦¦•', :.• .''-. 6^4
Mexlcaii iJJollars,:: -homlnat. :'.,.-.. >.;• 50'.' '-'.@. - ;\6i -.
Exchange* :Wd ZBiijlwiij
-..Califcrhiav dried fruits dull.: Prunes, rrotjiirial
at- a'ifrS.'.icVper. :j[i6uhd;-' a&'.to'^Ijre^nd.' quaHty;
ArricqtSr^I.toyal;.-7^i{fl2c.;,--..Mp6rparkv'.:SU l &iS<:i
l'faches— Peeled, ; : .14@lSc;'.,un I .eeled, ,C<i@10c. -:' :
¦A .generally •. quiet. .iharket- for ' eva pofate'd ; -' a'n
ples. was., prevalent all ..dny: and nc> transac
tions of Importance were reported. The- feel
ln« /.was. steady -.at!. :th». JeJose.'.-on-mrDgllVvex
j.ort.' demand,:;-., but'. -vquqtatiohs' v'v-einairi-' iin
:<hahge'd. State- common', -3* 4 Si -ia-ic-; prime ¦ 4*i#
fc. .choice;; itfetfc; ran*.y r Vc«7c. -.: : ': '.•¦ : ¦..--'//>¦
DRIED. FRUITS
EGGS— Receipts; C133 paxkage*^ tnarket "b«r«iV
steady. ..TVestem at maTk... -17817fcc; Southern
•at mark. •'.IC'.i 1 ?! 17c. ".¦¦.'..•.".'..: ¦'¦.•^¦' '¦;''.¦¦'¦¦''.¦¦:¦•
. m-TTKR rf .Receipt^ M993. packages r': market
dull and weak : creamery, 17«j *4c ; .-Jiine •crea'm-'
er>\ . 15© »He; faQtprj". il®13c. ¦" -,. '•: '¦ . ¦.'.: '.-.¦¦'¦¦ .¦.:.'¦
.SrOAR— Raw:, Quiet;. Refined}. -quiet/- ~'-r-.< • '.
' COFFEf^-Spot-rRip-. quiet; Xo: 7 Invoice, --:714c
Mild-i-Steady: Cordova. 1 S@12-:sc.' Futures closed
steady • -at prices. J0S2O points ¦ hls.he'r:- ••¦ Total
sales., 5fi.CC0. boss.liricludliiK:" 'March; ¦$$ 20fi6 25-
May. .16 23(F?6 So; July/ JG 23S6'4C;' Aujrust "*56 : 35.' :
September, ' $6 S5iS6 45; -October. • Ifi 40g6 50- :N6
vombef; .|6 5Q:.- December,: |6 ;S5B6:'QL -''•.¦' :•"' ¦ ¦.-¦ ¦
.WHEAT— Receipts.. -iLCOO.'-.tiusfielsV -'eiiports,'.
i;o;i9S. . Spot— bull, but steady:;'. XoV 2red,'80>ic
f. o. b afloat .- Xo. 2 ; red 7.8?; c elevator ;"X6.-. 1
Northern Duluthi S7Vic f.- o:,b. afloatrXo, 1
hard . Duluth. . m^crt, : p.- b: tlfloat. . Options
opened weak under ..liquidation •following ad
verse cables, and a. Iack;.of speculative demand/
The market further declined- under local- aelling
on predictions of large deliyeries tOrmorrbw and
continued lack, of: sbeculatipn. rallied partially
on; covering and closed -steady 'at a partial loss
of He.-.'. March 7S 13-16<fJ79'-l-16c, -cl6s»>d.'7Sc- ¦••May'
7i\<TiSC l-16c, . elbsed . SOcV:' JUly ; '>9 I .;<iK9'-7a6c
dosed 79%c. ¦: '•¦ ;'':'¦•¦ •¦-:¦'.¦•'!¦ ¦' • ".•' ¦ :.'¦
¦ HOPS— Quiet. •:¦.-' ¦: r ¦¦¦'.*-¦¦;¦; [v : . .;•"!'.;¦•• -i- ;.••¦.¦ "..;.-¦.•:
;..HIDKS-Steady.. : :•••.• '¦'¦¦'.'¦¦ X : .-: V ¦<':: S-.'V :'¦
;AV0Ol^-Flrm-. •¦--¦.;..-•¦.¦>:.• .*•>••:'• v '¦>?¦¦
*.-; ¦.:¦•.;¦.'; ..;..;¦¦.. .-. ¦;. .:;¦•.'•::;. . ¦;;..; .;; ¦>
¦ .XETV TORK. F*b^ 2S,'4FLOi;.R-^Receipts,;i9f.i
SC2 barrels* experts. 'i 13..73J r v market ; generally,
qulet.arid. steady at.^ld/pflces.. •.¦¦'.• •; : -"''-- r ; ¦"¦:. :;:"'
Chicago Livestock Market.
CHICAGO. Feb. 28.— CATTLE-necclpts. 3SC0.
v Foreign Futures.
LiVEitrooL;
TVheat— . March. "*' May
Opening 5 11 6 00
Closlns ,. 5 11V4 -* 5 jjt/
PAIIIS.
Wheat- • Feb. May-Aug.
Opening ..;... » to 2045 •
Closing ........19 55. 20 £0
Flour-
Opening 2500 26 25
Closing :... 24 95 26 35
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butfr
market was active; creamery. 15£F23Vic" dairies
10S19c. Cheese, quiet; 10U@llHc. ¦ • Eggs, quiet :
fresh. 16',ic.
Articles— R-celrts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 20.0G.J - 3"> 000
TVheat, bushels 72. CCO 3S000
Corn, bushels ....221.000 ' 152,000
Oats, bushels 223,000 170ooa
Itye. bushels 0.000 5'ooO
llarley. bushels 26.000 27.000
Cash, quotations were as follows: Flour, dull
Xo. 3- sprins wheat. ¦ 70@72c: Xo. 2 red. 74Hc-
Xo. 2 corn. 33Vic; Xo. 2 yellow, 33V4C; Xo 2
oats, 25'4S2o»ic; No. 2 white, 27*ig2S* 4 c; No 3
white, 27f«2Se; No. 2 rye. 52^53c;good feeding
barley, 46c; fair to choice malting, 62@36c; Xo
1 flaxseed. SI 61 ; Xo. 1 Xorthwestern. $163
prime timothy seed, J4 40; mess pork, per bbl
*13 M"S13 95; lard, per ico lbs. J7 40©7 45; short
rib» sides (loose). $6 95®7 15; dry salted should
ers (boxed), 6'ic; short clear sides (boxed),
$7 3.'Q7 CO; whisky, basis of htgh wines, jl 27
clover, contract grade, $10 05. •
Articles— Open. Ulsh. Low. Close.
TV heat Xo. 2—
February 74*4 74% 74 74U
March 74% 74^i 74 . 74>i
May 76H 76^ 75H 7B
1 Corn Xo. 2 —
February 3ST4 23'.i Z&% 39U
March „ 3S% 39Vi 38%-, 39^
May 40% 41 40 • 4O.£
Oats No. 2- " .
February .... .... 24V4
May 25«4 25% 25% 25V4
MeFs Porlr. per bbl— **
March 1 1355
May 14 05 14 12 14 02 14 02
Lard, per 100 lbs—
March...- 7 42V4 7 -42V4 7 37% 7 37
May 7 60 7 50 7 42 7 45
July 7 55 7 67 7'00 7 50
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
March .... <j 5714
May 7 07H " 07 . 7 00 7 02'
September 7 20 7 20 7 15 7 15
New York Stock Market.
XEW VOHK. Felj. 2S.— After an unavailing
f:T..!i ta cr.eck the yielding tendency of pricos.
the rr.aikci pave «i« to the threatening depres-
FV.n. and tbo <lo«:n^ was decidedly weak at
thf- lowvst. with s-jmething vf-ry like a spilling
< lit r( noitf coine on all through the list.
The Fteer stocks were mart acutely afTected
and v.tre weak throughiut. <Dne or two In the
kreap fidvanc^ti ilirfat frattions at one time
under llic piwpect of arfcltragf openings which
involved parckaees' to cover *a!es in ether j
ftockF. but t£e pcevanins . disposition was ]
clearly to fril. Otaunes ccnt-r.urd oa the curb j,
in \he contracts to <Miv»T l.'niled States Steel j
OoriH-ratit-n yi"»-ks when iFFUol, tlmugh net on
ss larve a BOlc as yesterday. Thu* stocks.
»h!ch were rf-surddl a? the index of the value
of all members of tho groan, fhowed an t
tacrcssinxijr; heavy tone. Bi3« .»f 37 for the |
commen and for the pr*fe;reJ were i>ut in 1
at the oj^nins ly broker* «<-titig on b^hali of |
the banSilnis jr-tfrt-flp concerned in the or- I
CaaiZktSco «.f the new company. Tbere wan >
tcn.t f.in.ness in th* ooinnmn stock during the
C&Y. fcut • in the clcslng deallncs the bid for
«lu- oonnn 11 ftcsclc v as reduced to 36 and for
ti.e rrefrrred Rtoik to S". Th^ sood cond.tion
re;>/iteJ in tbc Iron and ste«l trade by the
Jp.n Afr in ith Irave to-day w^» ,li>r«gar*-4
in the trsiJine In tbe 5t»el rUtcV.F. Tbe last
vticet fliowf«i Natk.r.al Tube H4 lower thnn
la.^t rixht. American Hoo^k. ?tt-el and TVlre.
Tin Plate and Steel and T»'ire preferred from
2 t-» t\i. and the others of the group from A.
:va't f «n to 2 points. Th« other Ktocka not In
«'iu«k-«i in the onsclidatlr'n were also weak.
¦j. r.r.^v'-e Coal declinisig nearly 3 prints. The
r^laifp in Hupar. Tofcaao and Ft. Paul, after
: snorl-lired i-lK-nin*; bulp*. also nerved to dis
o'nra«r*- BiH^vlation. EfTotts v.'erc made to
;iil>rtiti:te other stocks for th« pun" 1 ** "f sus
talninc th* m.irket. bnt they were ineffectual,
'ihey were most cor.Fr>l''Uous in the smeltini;
tiotVr. >vh'.<ii rrfe .',&, fr,r the common and 2\
ior the preferred. Anaconda with a rise of 2*4
und 1 Air-Elgamatpd Copper with an advance of
3 iifiiritf. The American K!n«eed *t9ck«4 th»
t*nltf<1 Ptates Rubber stocks and International
I'rv.fr wer» up from l'» to 3 points. 'St. Iyjuis
t.rA Kan Franri^ro rose 3 arM th» preferred 14
Tb'-fe movements were without explanation.
lhct It was arif'jed that the capr>er
rtoci:s wruld )>"n-^t fr^m the approaching »d
<ourr.m<tit at the Mr-nt^na I^^Kisleture. This
r^med a mere im:»'.rtar.t influence than the
r v p'M-t»fi heavy de«-ilne In oc-pper exports. The
poyweent bin as In th» rt^el stocks w$m
•rtthoat repurd tr» the trs<> news. A batch
rf t-'r'-nz ;""llroad wiiomrf. »*pe<-lall5' from tht?
«V^i«"r^. whs <><5uolly Ineflertive in nuntalnlnK i
tri3«. OTmrtmttn <-t the ftook market. Prices |
In a nun-.ber of the most prominent ftorks r.r- 1
n |..v.ri it mot* lower on the day. The mon»y |
mark^ rontinurd *n»y. nrtwlthsttndinrt the j
il-irtre a!.s<iri>ti"n l.'y V.y sub-Treasury nnd the
<!'r^.Tr<."* tnr the in.^nth end »~tt foments. It is !
r- 1 !ir'i\*!y. ¦h"wv<-r. that th-' money market
f-r*f'WVtlc* si' «n rl.-'ir.rr.t In the caution
rr.Rr'lffi in the. f.ie-u'ation. c A fh:»rp rise in
rterllnr: *ir!ianc». in r«*r>ons* to »h» hnniT
money n-.siket in I/>in1nn M>rv«<1 to emphasize '
this C2ution. Prriliai.i.v -the true <<xplanatlnn
rftfcf hfn^'.ni'ff- at tli" market i* the Inani
mation r,f the tradlnc vrftll many of the'lsrs
r-M fi •!'¦*¦« in tl!»> ei*"*ulative world away on
vacctlor. aftT the urnlonF^ii period of unpre
c-rtcntrj activity In the rt«rk market.
Il<-n<i5 w»r« re«ily letter PUKtn1n>-<I than
rtork*. Toiat rale». pzr valu«. • J3.T3.OOO.
I'nltfHi Spates refumlin; t«r« reclster*<j nd
\-enced Vycnd the fives U prr ccr.t,on the last
call. " •
xrrw ronii ftock iast.
Fhste« ." Clo«lnir
Hold. Ftofk— - ;' . BI4. j
1J.V1 Af-hlron tS - ;i j
fs><« /trhJfor prfM i fV. |
ICCfl Riltlmor* /i" Ohio S7»i j
Canadian rarilic Jl j
... . . •'ann'la S^uth<*rr. &6\ I
I.rffl Chesapeake & Ohio ,...- 4-lv»
?sw <'hlrnpo <;reat Western K,s«4 I
•.7W Clv.raci., IJurlin.Ttr,n & Qtiincy 143', j
f.lOO Chlcaco. Ini & Louisville 3l«i
1.'.** •"hiiait'). J"'! K- Louisville prefd 33U 1
«"lii<-aC3 & na*t**rn IllinMs 10^'t J
*» ctiicasu ± Nurtbwcstsra 107^-
I
San rrarujis-co data— Maximum temperature, i
7T.; minimum. i7; mean, C6.
TVKAT11KR CONDITIONS AXD GEXERAL 1
FORECAST.
The pressure has ' fallen over the Pacific
E!ops anu has rif*n c\er the Rocky Mountain
r<i-.cn. ••. ¦ ¦¦•¦ . . .• • ¦ . • ' " •• ¦• 1
¦ m l.e teni&orature has riser, about 12 decrees j
over Xiirtbern Xevada and has fallm fluwly )'
cl ¦nil the ocast from I'an Francisco nortlj- ]
w:rd.
T!imushoi:t rclifcrnia the temperatures are
lr: ra IT, to ;j defe-ri^s above the normal ¦¦ • ¦. '¦••'•
'• "he riverp are falling slowly. .At Sacra
mtr.xo, 27.2 and falling; Red Bluff. 13.0 and
ririnx; CoJusa. 24.4 and falling. ... ¦ ¦¦.'.¦¦..•¦'••
Forecast ms.ie at San Franc:5co for 33 hours |
• n.'.ns n;i.lr.lel-.t Mr.rch 1. l*?01: '-.. ' '• ¦ :-j
."•¦ Northern Califcrn'a— Cloudy; cooler Friday;,
llrht northraFt windy.
P'jthern «."alifurnia— Fair Friday: continued
varm »ealh<*r; light northerly winds.
Nevada— Fair Friday: cooler Friday night.
r-tph— Fair Fn<!ay: continued warm.
Ar!z<ra— Fa'.r Friday; 01 tlnued warm.
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy Friday:
eooWr; llrht northeast changing to westerly
w:r.ls=, with fog at nicht.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
SAN FRAXCISCO. Feb. 2«. 5 p. m. \
The Callowlac are the feas-onal ralr.falls to
¦ dete a? cnni:>ar«'d with those of same date last
¦ F*»a*on. art! rainfall in la>-t "i hours:
OSOth Meridian— Pacific Time )
Weather Report.
Produce Exchange Sales. \
Fales or: the call of tiie Produce Exchange in
February were M.400 ions wheat and C1C0 tons
Larky, r.-.akinp a total thus far this crop year !
Ct 7'2.."O tuns Itieat ar.d C9.100 tons barley.
The coinage at the local Mint for the month I
of February was as follows: Double eagles, j
JoOO.OOO: eagles. $510,000: half-eagles. IS2S.O00: I
Fttndurd dollars. tSOVKO; lialf-dollais. *20.000;
<juarter-<5ol!ars. I1S.1C6; .total. $2,473,166, making
u. t-tal cince January 1 of $S,S21,1C6.
Mint Coinage.
Customs Duties. . .
Tlie receipts cr customs duties .at this port
Jnr th» month of Fch.-uary were J472.S61, mak
ing a tctal si'jce January 1 of J1.0T9.257.
Bank Clearings.
Local bank cJearings lor the month of .Feb- I
runry amounted U»'S7%i9£7.Ca. against J6S.CSS.S69 ¦
f.-r February. 1KO. J-:ine< Jar.uar)' 1 theno clear- \
inps have amounted to iJ7('.3!0.S23. against tlil,
104,10} dur:rg the sam-? ix'riud last year.
U S ref reg 2. 105H|N V Central lsts..'lC7H
Do coupon 1^3T»'X J Cent c»n Es.".lI2V«
II S 3s reRl«tered..in Xorthern Pacific 3s 71>i
17 B 3s coupon Ill Xorthern Pac 4»...105H
U S new 4s reg...-13S X V C *; St L 4S..108V4
I" S new 4s coupon. 138 Nor & TV cons 4s.. 102'*
V S old 4s reg 113 Oregon Nav lsts...lO2»4
IT S old 4s coupon. .114 Oregon Xav 4s 104»i
U S 5s registered. .lll'.ilOr Short Line. 6s..l2S<2
IT F 5s coupon 111*4 Or S L. cons £s 1J6
Dlst of Col 3.C5«....123 | Reading gen 4s.... S3*i
Atchison gen 4s...lO3»; n G TVeftern lsts..lOO .
Atchison adjust 4s. Pl\ Ct L & I M cons l*.Wi
Canada Sou 2ds...lI0V 4 St L & S F gen 6s.l29Vi
Ches & Ohio 44s... IOC 1 !* Pt Paul consols 1?4
Ches A Ohio 5s J21«* BtPCft Pac lsts.USS
C & >'or cons 7s.. 140 St Paul C & P 5s. 120%
C4NSF Deb St.\U JVmthern Pac 4s.... 82»i
'"hiraro Terra 4s. .'97' ('"Uthern Ry 5s H5Vi
Colo Southern 4s.. £5 .Stand R & T Gs 54
Denver f: T» G 4s..lO2 1 4 Texas & Pac lKts.-llS'i
Krl» greneral 4s 83% Texas & Pac 2<ls... 93
Ft W & V C lsts.. S8 .ITnlon Pacific 4s. ...106
General Elec 6s... .17* TVnhash lsts H9 l 4
Iowa Central ittn.AWt TVabash 2ds lW^i
L ft X unified 4s. ..101 itVest Shore 4s 115«4
M K & T 2<Js 77*i|Wls Central lsts... K«»i
M K fz T 4s 97'.i ; Va Centuries 8-">»i
¦ MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 2*IUttle Chief is
Alice •?.! Ontario 7 LT,
Urrrc* i2"!Ophlr 70 ;
Brunswick Con 2*iPhoenlx <is
•"Tomctnck Tunnel... OS Pot of I jo
Con ral fc Va ..1 Wlonvage io
De.-idwood Terra.. . .'-0 'sierra Nevada JT.
Horn Sliver 1 l*>'Small Hopes C,
Iron Silver <vi Standard ) 20
l^ndvill- Con til
. nOS.TON STOCKS AXD BOXDS.
Moner— Jl'nlon Pr.ciflc S6H
Coll loans 3 <53^i!L'nlon Land 3v t
Time loons 3H@1 -West End 9411.
Stocks— Westlnghouse Ei.. 57'4
A T it S F..: 55% Bond*- *
A T & S F prefd. t'Vk Atchison 4s 101U
American Sugar... 131 X K Gas&Co!:e is. 6S'i
Am Susar prefd.. .1204 Allnins; Shares
11«>1! Telephone ltTy* Adventure . 141,4
Itostcn ft Albany. 2So Hinchatn 20" 4
Itoston Elevated.. .109 Amali Copper 9?.*1
limiton *: Matoe...lS5 Atlantic 3-»i
Chgo. liur & Q...H3»» Boston & Mont.:.. 330 '
Dominion Coal 2GH B'.itts fz Hoston... S6
Dom Con! pre:d...lO»*i Calumet & Hecla..SJ5
Federal Stet-I 43 Centennial *>s
Fed Pt^! prefd Ke'i Franklin ." . 24U
"Fltchburs prefd 112 'Humboldt 2i'
LT6.1C0 Shares sold
CLOSING BONDS
1S.100 Southern Railway....;- :.... >.;.'.'. :..... 23% r
I.OW Southern Railway prefd... ; :.'::(.. :.... "*r* . ji'.
1.200 Texus H Pacific -.....'V.-: ..2S' j
53.^00 T'r.lon Pacific :'.: : .'.' ...;;. 11'. 86^ 1'
1.450 rnion Pacific prefd. :...V. : .. lt ....... .-83-4 1
l.M*o TVshash j,.... ...:..;. .17 I
200 Webash prefd.;:;.,.:.,,;:. ;.'.>;i,.".s'.;.. 2S»i: ¦'
CC4 ' Wheeling & L E. .:...:.-...;:...:. i;.:W\!
200 Wheeling & L ¦"£ 2d prefd:.. ;..'.•-. .?9V J
• ' 4C« Wisconsin Centrar:-i;:-.,.."..ii'.ii-.-.,-*j: iS^i>|- 
¦'. 200 Third Avenue- >:... •,:¦;:.....;:.. ;.i>.L.ill8 .-j;
.. 1C0 P.altimore & Ohio prefd. .:'...:-.^:'.'.VS3^,<
4.4W Xaticnal Tube v ;....- \\..J.:'i.-Z.i'SO%*
./ 200 Xational Tube prefd. :.'...... ,'...i' t . .,100 •' f
¦-" . .: : Express. Companies-';--':'::'...':'...:-:: .'
Adams ¦; : ......... •w.v.iil/i';^.'. .-»;I5'>- • J '
100' American il'^',.V.':. ..'.-..... ;.->.iii'L - .:iSO; "'¦ '1
. 100' I'nfted States : . : : .•.¦¦:•....:¦.;'..,;..•.:. .v/V.- '57-. :' •
; Wells-Fargo . . . . : . ... ;„•.'.;,... .,...: . .-; ;i3S : . .
MiscellaneouF — '••' " . ; : ;; •'• '.- ',' : .: -."'...•.
: SOO American Cctton Oil ...¦.'.•.•.¦. i»Jv. .-,... 28' -. '.
.; American Cotton Oil. prefd. ,.,/.s.V. So- '¦•!
American Malting :-.'.".'. i:.,'~'i% ¦
; 200 American Malting prefd. ..........¦..'.-. 20'^. .'
29.SOO American Smelt'ng. & - Ref rig. '..:•'.'". :, i>'i:- ¦ ';
*.l'>ft American Smelting & Refng prefd.;- 92%:- •,
-i '¦. American Spirits ..;-.'.'.»^™'^..'.i. i'-iv |"'
American Spirits prefd' . ...... : '.. .:u.:.- i-Z- -'i-
IO.K'0 American Steel Hoop: :..•.;.'.:'.:. 34'i !.
2.CM American Steel Hoop. {irefd..:::.':.. : 'M ¦•]
1S.1W American Steel & Wire....:./:..,... 3S\Vi
3.C<fl American Steel & Wire prefd....... 97 = :)!
1.2«'n) American Tin Plate... .:.-.:. .'..*.;•..'.•.. 61«4 i'
2.7'JO Anwrican Tin Plate prefd............. SS*4i'
40.4C0 American Tobacco ..::...'... : .::;.li&V.!
American Tobacco prefd.,.. :!..;. 140 :¦).
7.4f-n Anaconda Mining Co •;.•>: .:. 4 I >4 ', .
1C.E00 Brooklyn Rapid Trans:t .". v. . 74'4 "j.
2.4'.« Colorado Fuel &' Iron.... i'.-./;."42\j '
14.K-0 Continental Tobacco ..: 4GVi :
1S.CW Cortlnrntal Tobaccq rrefd ..»';. £.:: • 9S. •'¦¦
S.SCO Federal Steel :. 43 •{¦
.14,700 Federal Steel prefd S6T4 ; '
:m General Electric ...:...,,. /210H I
400 Glucose Sunar >.. ......... 45', 2 '
Glucose Sugar prefd 92. j
20^1 International Paper 21 1
."*<» International Paper prefd 73VJ .
2df» Laclede Gas ; 73>4 •
CCO N'atir.nal Hfrult SsV4 i
Xntinnal Biscuit prefd ?2 S » i
National \*h(\ 13
X'stlcnal !>>ad prefd R214 j
X..VI0 Xational Steel 41
2.1C0 Xaticnal Steel preM 1CC : 3 '.
2.100 New Tork Air Brake 153 j
1.400 Xorth American 21"i '
Pacific Coast 52
I'nclfte (Vast 1st prefd S8
I'acific Coast 2d prefd fi2
iro Pacific Mail ' Si .
C."*"O F'rorle's Gas 101'i
200 Pressed Steel Car 33 7 4 !
Pressed St»el Car prefd 74 |
Pullman Palace Car 1W4 i
Standard Rope & Twine 23"', i
:4€.9<*> Surar 139V» i
VA Sujrar prefd 120
2.W0 Tennrfsee C<:al & Iron flli I
2. f .f^) I'nUed States Leather 12V4 i
2.3M Tnlt*d States Leather prefd 73V4
5.4"0 I'nited States Rubber 20>i
SIS i'nited States Rubber prefd Cl
S.IC* Wentern fnlon R6«^
2.700 Republic Iron & Steel 14H I
2.1W» Republic Iron ft Steel prefd 62 1 -', {
41. SOO Amalgamated Copper 43*4 I
P C C & St Louis SS
5.000 Chicago. Rock Island & Pacific... ..12>-.i:
1.000 C C C & 5?t Louis :. ...75Vi
5C(t Colorado Southern ; ..'.SU-i.
2C0 Colorado' Southern 1st prefd .42 i
Si't Colorado Southern 2d' prefd.....:... 17H !¦
S.700 Delaware & Hudson., ...•.'..... 164 1 . ».-.!
.- Delaware. I^cka wanna & 'Western. 190- •' j
1.200 J>enver & Rio Grande .......: .3S T g. '.I :
KiO Denver & HIo Grande prefd... -..».. Wi }¦
7.4C0 Erie i... :..;.;.;.'... vl .• 27U'-.!
10.2M Trie lst;preM.., ..;.:..;:.„..:.... C3»«'
1»1 Great' Northern pi-efd.:. ...... -.;..;.... .193 ¦('
Hocking Coal..;.:.'. . ¦'.¦*..:.¦'. ': ............... V> l t :: :
300 Hocking Valley..:.: ....:..., 4S 1 ,*
1.400 Illinois Centra!.. .............. V...:.... 130 I
300 Iowa Central. ...... ... i .w».;^../..; i ,. 26 |
100 Iowa Central prefd . : i..v....:.i.. 53 '¦¦-' .
100 Lake Erie A TVeMern..;...........-..:41 ..
Lake l'rie & Western prefd....'..-.'..lll-
Lake Phorc :....;..:.;:.;:;<,;210',i I
7.6n0 Louisville & Xashvllle.........^..-.; 91* t
2.700 Manhattan Elevated.. '.. : ..:.-...-.V..:V.-.:It7>* .
4.600 Metropolitan Street Rallway:-.,.....161 ¦'
1.000 Mexican Central .: 17Ui
1.000 Minneapolis A St Louis........ 76 j
Minneapolis & St Louis prefd,..:.. .102 ¦
2»> MisFouri Pacific ,.:,...v..:....... k7Ti f
1.C00 Mobile & Ohio.............:....::.....- 7». .i
1,400 Missouri, Kansas & Texas.,:....:.. 2»Vi j-
IS.C'00 Missouri. Kansas & Texas prefd £3 •.;¦•'•
3'X> Xew Jersey Central — -. ..... loi>- ¦•
1.2«> Xew York Central. ..:;.„..::;;.. ...1*2*;;
400 Xorfolk & Western... :..'., V... ;......... 4i'.i j
\00 Xorfolk & Western prefd...:.... .. b0 \
9,600 Xorthern Pacific... ..:....:.:...,.. Wii
1.200 Xorthern Pacific prefd..^. :>.....;..•. 57;- j
1.300 Ontario & Western.. ..i.....;.:...;...,.^?!
Oregon Ry & Xaviscattpn-.. ;..>;:¦.: 42 : ••'
Oregon Ry & Xayigatlon prefd. 1 ; : :7.B- ,.
9.400 Penr.sylvania .... i ,......X....,;;....14WV {
2.7CO Reading Jv.. V. ; ::..,:.. ..:..../ 30V* T
7.2fiO Reading lrt prefd. :..... .,'."'.. .*.",*...^'W.i [
1.2O0 Reading 2.1 prefd. ..:......;...... 40Va !-
Rio Grande TVestern..'. ... .:¦..'.:.. ..;' Ci. . |
Rio Grande Western prefd ':'... 93 ; • j
1,300 St Louis & San Francisco..:.: .-..•• 37 • j
2CJi St Ixiuls & Pan Francisco 1st prefd. ;S1«4 j
500 St Louts & San Francisco 2d.prefd...64 i »..
S.3X 1 Pt L<oul6 Southwestern. ..:...¦.-•-......'¦. ti?» I.
5,603 St I*ouls Sauthwestern prefd'.';-, : '....-:'.'«6 1 /s !.
w.200 Ft Paul .....:........ ..:...-.i^'/» |,
1C0 St Paul prefd.. ......„,...:.,..... ....190 'i
....... St Paul & Omaha:. ':„:.. .;:.:^;.v.;12n \'A.
lC4fO Southern Pacific :...,-. .;.,., .;4."<r
Alameda County.
H. T. and Mary J. Smith. James A.. Mollie X.
and Edna McC. H1U (by W. 8. Harlow. com
• mlssioner) to same, lot on E lin« of West street,
SS:11 X of Brockhurst. X 38:11. E 129:5. S 38:9.
W 12S to beginning, being: lot 31, College View
Tract, Oakland; $3323. .' „
George B. M. and Alice M. Gray. James C,
Martha E. and Ada Mulllkln (by W. S. Har
low. commissioner) to same, lot on W line of
Linden street. $3:4 S of Forty-flft^. S SO by W
90. being portion of block 2105, AUen Tract at
Teroescal. Oakland; $300.
- Jacob Uengnagel to Charlotte Geagnagvl,
lots 51 and 52. Map of Reger.t-fltreet Home
stead Association. Berkeley; gift.
Plummet Improvement Company (a corpora
tion) to John S. Ewen. lot on E lln» of Col
lege avenue. 60 S of Kearney • treet. S SO by
E 135. Berkeley; $10.
Frederick C and Grac* S. Clift to Sara
Rlvest. all Interest in lots S and S. block B
on map of Smith's subdivision,. . Matthew*
Tract, Berkeley; $10. . ; ,
Earn Rivest to J. II. Crothen, lots S and I.
block E. on map of resuMlvlaioa tame. Bcrka
ley; $300.
George I* and Amelia M. Tatt to Frederick
D. Talt. lot on XW Una of High street and
Glen avenue, XE 207.63, NW 335.97. SW 207.12.
SE 303.50 to Winning:, containing 1.37 acres,
Brooklyn Township; $300. '•',.,¦
A- D. Taylor (administrator estata of Philip
I* Gochnauer. = deceased, by H. B. EeM<-n.
commissioner) to Alameda Savings Bank. lot
on NE corner of Railroad avenue and Seventh
street. E 80 by N 115:8. being a portion of
Aughinbaugh 223-acre Tract. Alameda; $3320.
Alameda Savings Bank to Adolph Hecker,
same. Alameda; $3350.
James D. Johnston to B. V. Zaballa, lot on
E line of M street. 50 S from NTV corner of
lands of James Johnson, by deed of October
9. 1873. E 130, S 137.5. W 154. N 110 to begin
ning, being: block 64. on Map of Southern Ad
dition to Town . of LJvermore, Murra." Town
ship; $150.
George F., Frederick F.. Shirley O. and Lou
isa D Mann to Andrew Chrlstensen, lota 13. 20.
21 and 22. block 50. Kellersberger's Map. Oak
land; $2130.
Andrew Chrlstensen to Peter Chrlstensen.
same; $2430.
John R. Glascock (as executor and trustee of
estate of William JL. Glascock) to Frank D.
Pinkham. undivided one-third interest in lot
commencing on X line of Lincoln street. 1C2:«
fe«t W of "Wood. W 225. X 130. TV K:«. 3 130.
W to shore line oi Bay of San Francisco,
thence N and NE, following the windings of
said shore line to Its Intersection with S Imo
of Everett (or West Thirteenth) street, thenc*
E to a point which Is distant ICO feet W from
the W line of Wood 'street, thence 9 105 :« BJ
ICO. S 102:«. W 100. S 132. W 2:«, S W0 to begin
ning, Oakland: also all interest to all that
march or overflowed or tide land lying In front
of XW side of above desorlbea: $10.
John C. Galtndo (executor estate of Franctaeo-
Gallndo) to same, all Interest In same; *ts -NX*
Frank D. and Addle E. Plnkhmm to Joseph
R. FolBcm, all Interest In same; $tt.
Joseph R. Folsom to Pacific Improvement
Company (corporation), all interest in same;
$10.
Samuel and Emma Swift to Mary H Swift.
lots 4 to 9 and 12 to 18, block 83. San Antonio,
East Oakland; sift.
Same to same, lot beginning at the point
forming the SE corn* r of lot 9. block 83, San
Antonio, thence E 37.50 along and parallel with
the X line of East Sixteenth street to> W line
of an alley parallel with Twenty-second ave
nue, thence N 300 to S line of East Sixteenth
street, thence TV 37.50. S S00 to beginning. East
Oakland (quitclaim deed); gift.
R. TV. and Eir\ M. Rupe to r>. B.* Parker, lot
on S Jlne of Isabella street. 575 W of San Pablo
avenue. W 37:4. S 1C5 to XEline of lands of
Swenson by deed of January 31. 1SS5, thence
SE to point of Intersection of NW and STV Mne
of lands of Madsen by deed of Xoyember 13.
1S84." thence SE. to a point on S boundary line
of the Ounn Tract, thence E to a point distant
23 TV from W line of lot II. Gunn Tract, yience
N 133:2V % to beginning, bel^g portion of Gunn
Tract. Oakland: £CCO. ; \
George H. and Annette P. Barrett to Orrine
K. and Lizzie L. Dcone. lot on X line of Sev
enth street <or RaUrcad avenue). -12T. E of Mad
1 Ison street. J E 5 by X ICO. block 126. Keilera
berger'» Map, Oakland; $1-0.
Builders' Contracts.
-H. H.' Tcurjr (owner) with Oeorge Coodman
(contractor), architect Julius E. KrafTt— Exca
vatlons. grading, brick, concrete and artificial
stone work for ,a two-story residence with a{
tic and basement on STV corner of Vatleio and
; Steiner street*. TV 62:« by S 137:«; H5*y
1 Same owner with t>. Straub & Son (contrac
! tors), architect same— Carpenter and mill
! work, stairs, roofing, glass, hardware, galvan
ized iron, "teel and iron work for same on
same: $10.65!). i
9ame owner with Schanz A Grandy fcon-
trcctors). architect same — Gas flttlne r>!uTi!>
1ns and sew-rlnjg. for same on same;" $«SJi.
G. A. Holler. Ar.nle Flint (Holler) and Lulu
Berghauser to Dorrls Holler, lot on 8 Una of
Ellis street, 137:6 £ of Lacuna, E 17:8 by S
120. Quitclaim deed; $10.
Dorris Holler to Julius Senary, umt, $13,300.
Eliza Savory, Frances O. Morrill (wife of
Georgo F.). Amanda, Edwin II.. Charles K.
and John A. Varney, Delia A. V. Howes (wifa
of Lewis TV.), and as devisees estate of Mary
F. Nichols, to Emacuel L&sar. lot on TV Una
of Buchanan street, IOO X of Geary, X 37. i
by W 82:6; $6000.
John A. Drlnkhouse to same, same; $10.
Amanda Varney to Delia A. V. Howes (wtfa
of Lewis TV.), same; also commencing 333
TV of Carter street and IOO N of Visitation
avenue. X 25, TV 100. S 23. E 100. portion lot
38, Visitation Valley Homestead: a!so property
In Alameda and San Luis Oblspo counties,
quitclaim deed; {3C0.
John A. Varney to «amo, tamo, quitclaim
deed; $400. . -
TVtlllam Leviston to William T. Kllgrova.
lot on STV corner of Scott and Sacramento
streets, S 127:3'4 by W 37:9; $13,000.
TVilliam T. Kllsrove to First Church of
Christ, Scientist (religious corporation), same-;
$19.00U. • ¦
Josephine Titus and Henry Pedllna to Anna
M. TVagner, lot on N line of McAllister street.
13t:3 E of Masonic avenue, E 25 by N 137:8;
$1300.
Anna M. Wagner to Charles TTagner. iam»;
gift.
Helen K. Walker to Walter O. Fonda, lot
on N line of Sacramento street, 112:8 TV of
Spruce. TV 25 by N 102:8%: $C3C0.
Eagene X. and M. A. FYltx to William Mann,
lot en E line of Stanyan street, 23 X of Urat
tan. X 25 by E 103:4; $UXJ.
Ashbel B. Winegar to Jane H. Wlne^ar. re
record 1S05 D ii, lot on W lino of Valencia
•treet. 130 S of Park (Twenty-fourth). S 25
by W 90; rift.
W. H. '¦Hill to Maud Hin, lot on E line of
Fair Oaks street, 23) S of Twenty-fifth. S 20
by B 123; sift.
Clotllde H. V. d« Vergara to Austin A. d«
Anda. lot on S line of Clay street* 202 W of
Kearny, W 21 by 3 60; $200.
Leonard B. Eanks to Mary A. Runyon. lot on
S line of Washington street. 2C6:3 TV of Leaven
worth. TV «S":9 by S 137:6; $1SCO.
Laura Abrecht to George McAulay. lot on W
lino of Leavenwortb street. 110 S of Eddy. B
27:8 by TV 137:8: $47".0.
Emma OUey to Charles Page, lot on SE lin*
of Folsom street. 40 NE of Essex. NE 20 by SE
CO; $?C00.
Matthew Mulcahy to "William Wilson, lot on
NE line of Zoe street, 137:6 SE of Bryant. SE
20 by NE 75; $1300.
Rebecca and Isaac Levy to Owen Casey, lot
on XW line of Bryant street, 371 XE of
Eighth. XE 21 by XW 50; $3000.
I'otrero Land Improvement Comnany to
Thomas Meehan. lot on W line of Minnesota
street. 200 N of Twenty-second (Sierra). X 23
by TV ICO; rrant.
Walter J. and Mary Bassett to Herman J.
Cuater, -lot 8, block 4, Sunnyslde; $403.
Elizabeth A. Watklna tr. George L. Monahan.
lot at intersection of TV Warren and X 1*
Palmer streets. X 123:4, thence TV 60. thence
SW 59, thence EE 126. block 25. Falrmount;
lot on TV line of Warren street. 126:4 X of
Palmer. N 6 inches by TV 3S:3U. block 23. same;
Estat* of Al!c« Colwell (by Charles E. Col
well, administrator) to D. J. Reenff. lots 2. 3
and 9. block 22. Market-street Homestead; SIMM.
Mount Morlah Lodge No. 44 of Free and Ac«
cepted Mascns to John Satchwe.il, lot in Ma
sonic Cemetery; $123.
EEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIO2T3.
happen first. Though this profession oJ
the Protestant faith is required of the
sovereign, it is not demanded of any of
fice-holder under the crown except th«
Lord Chancellor and the Lord Lieutenant
of Ireland. In 1S91 Mr. Gladstone, then
in opposition to the Ministry. Introduced
a bill in the House of Commons to re
move this requirement from the two of
fices named, but the measure was defeat
ed. — Utica Observer.
¦
- . SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction or tu-o nnncr. Exchange unchanged.
All grain markets very dull and featureless. .. _ :'
Bran\i-cak, with prospects for a decline.
Hay in ample supply at the familiar prices. -' /¦
Beans and Seeds dull and nominal.
Onions continue to zeeaken. Potatoes easy and plentiful.
Vegetables weak, with increasing receipts. . .
Poultry market moderately supplied and firm.
Yesterday the last day for ivild Duck and Quail.
A carload of Eastern dressed Turkeys offering.
No further change in Butter, Cheese and Eggs. \
Oranges. ncak and in large supply. . ... : ¦' ... .. \
Lemons selling zvell in lieu of Limes. . . V.
Dried Fruits and Raisins as previously quoted. • '.. vi
Prozisions continue dull. : .
H'oof , Hops and Hides quiet and unchanged. '. '
SIcat market as before. . ¦;
Oil stocks dull. Local stocks and bonds fairly active.
Bank clearings for February increase over ipoo. ..
Following were the eales in the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday: ; — •
. ¦ - Morning Session..' ' '. ¦¦
1200 Con Cal & Va.'.l 70 200 Ophlr 74
600 C Cal & Va.l 72V» 3T0 Potosl ,.... 13
80O Gould & Curry- ¦ W 3tt) Sierra Nevada. 23
5W Mexican ....... 2*> 2iX) Yellow Jacket. 20
1500 Ophlr ••»' '
, • Afterncon Session.
> 200 Best A Belcher 20 500 Ophlr 73
130 Caledonia v .... "'JWOphr ,. ; -,,
350 « Cal & Va.l 6.% 2C0 Ophir „!
3J0 Con Cal & Va.l £, 200 Potosl 13
IWiO Mexican 20 300 sierra Nevada. 23
300 Mexican « S00 Sierra Xevada. 27
200 Mexican .I" W Silver Hill.;.... «
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
.100 Andes C6 200 Mexican 21
200 Challenge 17 100 Occidental 04
250 Gould & Curry. JO 700 Ophlr 7J
200 Gould & Curry- 19 S00 Sierra Nevada. 23
300 Hale & Xorcrss 17 400 Union Con 22
Afternoon Session.
150 Belcher 12 500 Ophir 70
12C0 Best & Belcher 20 200 Potcsl 13
C00 Caledonia 67 2M Sierra Nevada. 28
550 Con Cal & Va..l 65 200 Sterra Nevada. 27
"100 Gould * Curry. 131 2<iO Silver Hill 47
WO Mexican IS 200 Union Con 21
£00 Occidental 031 SCO Utah C5
300 Occidental O-Jt
''':'-:¦:.'. "-. '•':¦¦ Vv;:;/Morning; Ses.sloa.'.^' :¦¦'./: "¦/'¦/. ¦¦'¦'¦'.
' ; - ••Board— ; . '¦/;:¦¦.'¦¦-•. '-:. .- "• : : : -'"- ; . ¦"•,¦•¦'¦".'¦•¦. ' : '" ¦••"•;•
2000 California Standard V. ..;.;.•...•. ,'..',i ¦.,•¦..»'.' -,41 ;
1500 Four O[\ . Company- : .»v';..-, .:y.,.V..-.,..- " 63'.
eoo Junction .;--.V.'.^;.,-.;; ;;.,-.... ".;.^.,.-.^.:-.«. ' 70
1000 Petroleum. Center/ .¦:":i.;>;.".",v-.^ ».'..•'.• '? 15 :;
200 Vesuvius : v.'.'.-..',.\'.^..i'::«:'.v.....i..:'.VV.'.6O'.'
:;•• •. Street^-'^?': ;V "'. : ;V"V^.v. s;. ¦.,;... '-'.-. : '. ;
100 Monarch-.of Arizona,; „-;....> . . i: .>'. . . . . ;V; ..; ; 83 .
. ' .-.V ¦¦¦:¦'¦¦ ¦ . s ¦ '. • ' ... .Afternoon" Session; ' •.'.•.':¦ /; '..'.' ¦ .':. :
'¦! ¦•• ••"Board-^:. •; .,• ¦'. ¦","• .:--. •.¦ -. •¦ ••¦' •' : •
.:• 'l-Hanford .•¦./...::..•.... V;:. ..:...;. :-. : .......105 00. \
':¦ ioo junction :,;:... :.:.:; : v . .^.w.y... >.:.;.. \ 6S .;
¦:. lOp: Monarch of. 'Arizona.. ¦..'.;.-. : ,.,... ..,'.......' 64- •
2100 Petroleum Center ..;.> i .,i.v;.'.^.'i.»i.. IS ..
2000 Petroleum .Center, b 3O....;....."...;. V ,17.
¦i '"; " :-PRpbUCERSV. OIL. EXCHANGE. '.' • . - :
: ;. ¦-.-• ; ••:•'-. '-.¦" r : ; Morning Session. ' ' ¦.''.._.'' :".
; '''B.oard— ¦"-•".: •.'. . '¦'•"¦ .- •"*•'¦ ¦ V '¦ .- •¦"•:•¦ \^
-.200 Aetna .. : ...'::ii.'...'w'.-'.. -i. ..;¦.•.-.•."..... ..W ¦
¦400 Bear . Flag .....:....'..., i.u 25
200 California OH& Gas 1 .5
1500 California-Standard .-.-.;... .......:».. ., 44
. 978 Four .....»..v.... "; .;•••.•' - W
1000 Independence ...;.....:. .-.;."..•¦.:.;>:.-....... 18
100" Junction ,......,...»./ ".>..".".... i-V....... 6S
.. ino Juhctlori ,..•.¦.'.¦.:.;.....,.:. 6S
230 Lion .,....v.i:..i.'..:-..".".ii.V-i.:r-....*". 20. .
.250 Lion ; ;i ..i. .>,,...-•.;:,. ».::..-; 21
' 200 Monarch of Arizona ...*........ 63
300 Occidental of West [Virginia........ : C3
-. 60 Peerless.:. .......' 8 25
25 Peerless .....:...... ..8 37%
100 Petroleum Center 16
300-0 Petroleum Center 15
1000 Petroleum Center, b 30 16 "
1000 Petroleum Center, s 30 15
60 San Joaquln Oil & Development .11 87%
Street—
25 Peerless, b 10 8 25
Afternoon Session.
Board — . ."-V'"
200 California-Standard 4*7
6000 California-Standard, b 30 49
4303 California-Standard 43
900 Four 60
300 Junction TO
100 Junction 63
23 Kern 9 00
1000 Lion 20
100 Monarch of Arizona 62
100 Monarch of Arizona ..; 61
ICO Monarch of Arizona 61
10 Peerless .'... ....8 03
100 Petroleum Center 18
2000 Reed Crude 65
50 San Joaquin Oil & Development. ...13 00
300 West Lake 21
MINING STOCKS.
Gallforhla.'.i.'.vlSO .^-.' I Vlgorlt......... ~ S»4
Giant :Cbn..:... sa^i—'.l. ." . ..-¦..' ;. ;- "
..-.. '¦:.¦: "/¦¦'¦'¦ ". . SUGAR STOCKS, ...¦:..¦•¦'.¦ : . "'
Hana : Plan.;.:" 8S. >' (Kilauea........ 23 24
HawCom..... 84 87% Makawell.....v 41% 44
Honokaa..:.;... 33 ¦ -»• Onomea.. 29% —
Hutch S:P.,.;.2i»,i— I Paauhau....... J4^i 35
; . ••. ¦: • ¦ MlSeELLAXEOUS STOCKS. . :
Alaska PA..;!."— -. U5%i-0eanlc S S CO. 58 .89
Cal Fruit Can. — 102 [Pac A FA.... ¦•* •",'—
Cal Wine Asn.100. — [Pac C Bor Co.lS5 —
Mer Ex Assni.J02J4''-*;'.fPartt Paint Co 12% — .
. ' •-;• ¦• \ • '¦'''.¦ Morning' Session. . • ¦'; . . . •'. ."• '
: :; v-. Board—'.:' •" ,:¦' ¦¦':'¦- :¦¦;¦'¦. ¦¦.':-¦'¦:'
10 California Safe: Deposit. ...........105 25
• 40 Callfcmla Safe Deposit .;;.\.....;105 60
"••-• -40 Contra Ccsta Water S3 25
¦'. 100 Honokaa. Sugar Co.:....:. 32 25
230 Ilcnokaa Sugar Co...............;.. 32 37%
' ¦ 220 Honokaa Sugar Co..i...;.. 32 50
.110 Honokaa Sugar Co...;:............. 32 62%
• : 100 Hutchinson S. P Co.....i... 2S 12»u
• : •'. 19-Oceanlc -Steamship. C6. ..— '... .53 00
• ¦• •"•. -.'• '5 Oceanic' :Steamshlp Co..... 57 00
. .'•'.'•10 pcearilc' Steamship Co.............. Go 00
$1C.OOO Oeeaftic Steamship Bonds.. ........106 50
'• .•: 130'. Onomea" Sugar. Co..^;....;........ 29 50
: •: 50 Paauhau S P. Cp\;^v«. .»:.:.... 33 25
¦ : -'125 Paauhau. -S l*"Co-.'.:;.,.,...'.-.-'.. ....»..' 33 60
' '•• 70 SF Gas & Erectric Co....;.....:, 43 00
.195 Spririff Valley Water .....:.......;.. 94 00 :
$2.C00 Spring A'alley 6s..-: .V."..i..;...115 7J
¦' $S.M.-0-' United States -3s ¦ (coupon) ...... :. . . .111 12%
'; • . ¦'.-.: •¦ Street— •:' ".. ..- •':••- '• . : '. •' '¦•' . ¦ ¦ .
:$6,C00 Northern Railway of. Cal $¦'.:...;. 120 50
;.'';.40.SpririgvyaUey Water ::>;..,...;;... M 12%
-.-• ::•¦...:'¦¦:¦ '¦... 'Afternoon Session,!. "';¦¦•" -. .', .'¦'
:. ¦..'; "'¦ ./Soard^r ' : . • ' - '" ; ' .• '¦ '¦ ' ¦ ¦:¦'¦' '•
•-• ,6 Caltfomia Street Railroad......... 135 00
: •.". .16 Giant Powder Con ;.;...'..,.... S3 62%
- - ' • 30. Giant- Powder' Con:'..;.. ............ S3 75
•-. WKGlant Powder Con.'.:......:..,..,;.. 84 00
•". : .6o0 Honokaa Sugar Co........ i..... 33 00
. •-. .170f'Hutchlnson S.-VP Co....:........... 25 25
¦ ; '.' JO Kllauea. Sugar Plantation Co..... 23 00
¦ • 50 Oceanic Steamship Co.............. 57 00
' " -' 80 Qceantb Steamship Co....:......,.. 5« 50
'-'¦'¦ 150 Oceanic: Steamship Co. ............. 56 CO
"•'$3-000 Oceanic. Steamship Bonds. ..,i;..',;H* 00
! . . .100 Oaomea' Sugar Co.^.... ............ '.23 50
;•:'¦. t5.Paaub.au- 8 P. Cp.:....."..r,.;',.i,... S3 87%
-' 62Q Paauhau S.P Co.:.,..:.;..:........ 34 25
'¦-¦¦ ,80 Spring- 'Valley. Water .'.>.:.'.i..-...'. 9* 00
•'..¦-''. " ; ; '¦.¦.¦¦Street—-.'"." .--••." .S: .¦':¦.. ¦...'¦ '-'. ¦.¦;¦¦--¦'¦. ..- :
: 16 Bank, of .California:..;........:..,. .410 50
• $i.C0O N • P iC: R R is i.'..;.'.., ......... 108 25
•¦ • 93 S PGa* .& ElectriC.Co::';. ;.....;.. 4? 00
jj-^Uo'S -JF-Gas &:.ElectrIp; ; po:-;ii>"::i;>.^4S 12%
.:. ¦r.SA^ FJElANCISCb OIL , EXCHANGEj. " '-¦¦ :'"
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. 1 Bid. Ask.
US <s coupon. 114 115 U S 4s cp<new)13S 13S»,
IT S 4sreg 113 114 'IT S 3s coupon. Ill 112
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s.lO3<ilC6!i Oak W Co 5s.. — 100^
Cal-st Cab 5S..USU — Ocecnic SS 5s.lC3!A106H
C C Water 5s.. le*',- — Om C It 6s. .123 —
K L A P 6S...12S 133H Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
F & Cl Ry 6s..H4'A — Pk & Cl R 6s.lC5 —
Gear>'-st R 6s. — — PkiORte..- —
Haw C 6tfa;.'.10SK < rr Powell-st R Cs.l2C»i —
Haw C 5S.....1C3U. — S E G & R 5s. — 9S%
L A R R 5s... 112 *112»i S F & SJV 5*. 1*5% —
LA L Co 6s.. — — S R of Cal 6s.llO —
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 ¦ S P of A 6S...112H113
Do gntd Bs.. — — S P C 6s (1305
L A P R 5s...lCl',4102' / i Series A) 110H —
Markt-st C 6s.l2« — Do (SerIesB)UO«i —
Do 1st c 5s. .123% — Do U906) 113«» —
X G X G R 7s. — 113H Do (1D12) IK* —
X R of Cal 6s. •>- 114% S P C 1st g 5«.106V4 —
X R of Cal BS.120H — |S P Br R 6s. .132
NPCR'R 6S.101H - 6 V Water 6s..ll5^113%
X P C R R 5s.l08«i — ISV Water 4s. .104 —
X C R R 5s... — Hl%| Do 3d rntg...l03 —
O G L & H 63.113 — Stktn G4E es.lOS'A —
Oak Tr Co 6s. — 116V .
"WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 69 70 (Spring Valley. 94 94%
Marin County. £2 t 4 — I
GAS AXD ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 4 IPac Lt Co.... — 44%
Bquit Gas 3 SVilSas E G A R. — 40
Mut Elec Lt.. — 8V*|S F G & E.... 43 4SU
OGL&H....50 — San Francisco. 4% 4V4
Pac Gas Imp.. 43'.a 44«4l Stktn n & E.. — 14
• •• " INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Fund. 230 230 )| .
. ' '¦¦.' BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal.....L 77 — Lon P & A. ...141 150
Bank of Cal. .410*4— Mer Ex (llq).. 16 —
Cal Safe. Dep. 105?; — S F National.. — 125
lst.N.of.S F.. — 312%. :¦ -. ' .:¦¦.'¦'••.¦• •¦¦'.-.
.'•. ¦¦- .••¦.•".•.', SAViNOS BANKS. :. .' ." :•'
German'.... ".V.'..-^1S5O iSav & Loan... — —
HUmboldt...'... -^ ¦ W • Security..:... -.175 :.—
Mutual,. ...'1-: .".V 50." — ' J Union -Trust.... — '¦ ¦*-;
S F. Say. : :u:-.".'.5iy : — ."t.-; •".'".• ¦ " • '. : ' ' "
.'.:;!¦•¦.¦¦•• STREET. ¦• RAILROAD STOCKS: . ,"
Caiifornia-st.:. — ' 140 Q S I> & H..,>/ 40 . — " ;
Ge&ry-3t...i^^ *i l i — Presidio..,/.... 24 —
Market-st.'..:v. 63% 70- ;. • .; • -. - .' ; V '..-¦ : . ;
{.; FO^*DER STOCKS. -*:¦"•>': .•
THURSDAT, Feb. 2S— 2 p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE
Trading was heavy oil the rooming session
of the Bond Exchange and there were a. num
ber of changes. The sugar stocks were steady
end Paauhau sold up to J3? 10. Ilutchinson was
firmer at $23 12»-i. Honckaa sold at $32 23#
32-62V4. There were sales of Oceanic at $33©*>.
Gas and Electric advanced to $48. •
In the afternoon Honokaa advanced to. $33.
Paauhau to $34 23 anj Kllauea to ?23. Oceanic
sold at $36if?."7.
The oil stocks were quiet and featureless on
both exchanges. [ ¦ •'. ".
Oil dividends payable- In February were" a«
follows: Central I'oint Con.. J3S0O; Four. $3«iO;
Home. $10,000. . -..
?-xclu.slve'. of the ,$150.CC0;6C0' jirpld ; reserve -In'., the
division Jrit redemi'tlon.'. shows :•' -Available -cash
balance, : $147,TlS i SCS ; gold, $S0,673;3S5:- ': "-•¦•'.'
.", WASHINGTON. Feb.- 2S-— f o.-:daj' # W. statenieiit
of- the. -treasury balances, ta-the-generar-fuhd.'
Condition .of. the^j£rcasury~
. KEW.. YORK. Feb. . 2S.'-^ Money' on.' call. easy.
.it.' l»i©2"per' c^nt.' -Prime mercantile -.paper,'.
3?i@4U per cent! '..Sterihig- exchange firm. with,
actual business in bankfers.'. bills' at $4 87V4 for
demand ar.d at $4.S4^..for sixty days; posted
ratrs. U 85©4 S5H Rnd U 88'4; commercial, bills.'
U ?ZV t . Silver certi0catFS,6mtrC3c, Bar silver,
CiHc- Mexican dpllors. 4?c:.-Goyernment.bprldSi'
strong; • State-, bonds, • inactive; i.r'ailroail ' bonds,'
flrnt. •'•..".•.:.'•¦ '..:¦¦¦ '.;,' -. :.-' . ••"':¦:.• •.;'•¦.:-• :••¦'-"
NciuYtirk-^foneyMd^
LOXDOX. Feb. 2S.— Atchison.. B7U : Canadian
Pacific, 93H; Union Pacific preferred.'! S5%. (ex
divldend); Northern Pacific preferred. 89^:
Grand Trunk, 7; Anaconda. .. 9%: ¦ bar.nilvef.
fli.m. 2S 3-16d per ounce;, money. ¦ 4Vi(g3 '.per cent.-
XEW TORIC. Feb. 2S.—Th- Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Hupinese on the stock market here was pome
what Improved to-day, net much, but the tone
was more cheerful in the expectation of easier
rroney. The rumor, which is becoming rather
circumstantial now. that the Boer general.
Lotha, has t-urrendered to Kitchener, sent
South African mines up sharply. There was
no official confirmation of the report, however.
The American department was remarkably
quiet. -<ThieaRO. Milwaukee and St. Paul stocks
were^in good demand on the belief that .the
dividend en the common will be increased; ;
The upward tendency which these leaders
P?ve the American list was " checked- when
Wall street opened and sent over selling-or
ders for Union Pacific. • New York's . attltiicje
caured a general sagging of prices. • . ¦ ¦ ' ¦¦ '¦
The bank, has picked up £11,000 In bars" in
the street. Monty was : firm. . at; unchanged
rates. '.- ¦ . . :¦%¦ .v '..' .-.' ¦•¦] .: ;•.
¦ ¦":."¦••. • CLosixo.'. '.- ''.-.¦/¦¦ : '. : . : -. t; : -
London Market,
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL NEWS
General Electric. . 212'i Osceola :..-.. 90 ';
Gen Klec rrcfd....lf6 jj'arrot .........'..... 50»i
Ed F,:ec 111 243 jQuincy ....174 .
Mexican Central... 17 ! Santa Fe Ccnper.;. 7?i
N E G?.s & Coke. 12"i j Tamarack ..........333 •
"W Colony 20s Utah Minlns ...... 33U
Old Dominion W.i Winona v-.'VA'-
Rubber 20 IWolverines ........ 50Vi
•.. /LONDON.' Fcb'. : .. 2S,^C6nso!s. . il 1.-J8;. Sliver,
2S.' -3-lCd;.': French : -re'rttes/.' 102f •35c; -wheat car
gbes/p'Ti. passage.vrather,; f asler ;.;.- .Xo. 1- Starulard
Califprnia; 3ps 3d; WaliaV Wallai 2Ss -9d:--Ens
llj>h%»untiy. markets,-, steady.'."'. ." ••¦'. :•'
.LIVERPOOL,.; FebC ¦ :2S.— Wheat • In". •Paris.'
itecidy;.- Flour' In"- . Paris'. ...e.ulet;- French .'coun
try,- marUets; • Weak;- w?ath.er -in-England/'ilne:
..COTTOX-^Uplajidsi.'So-ied;' ;; : ;;' : : «^'- ••'.'.' '•" "
y.;. : ;- : : fy'-r- ' " X'" "GLo'sYxtt;;.".'-'/^^-. ;"•'•! ':-- ;
• WHEAT^Sp6t,.duJU.<X'o'. i'.Cal.ifornia,-' 6s:2d;
Xo. 3 red "Western ¦.wJht«"r,.";Ss'. ll^d; I'NojV-i'
X-orthern spring, ' 6s ,! -i'/td.---. Futures — Steady;
•March. 5s HHd; May. • 5s ,'ll."id.' .,¦:...•••• ¦".•.•.
".'CORX— Spot, . qulpt;.-' American'., mixed, new,'
3s 9\d;. do- old; .'3s "lid..'- Fu.ture's-^Qulct;- -March,:
;3s 9d; May;.-3s'.3?id : :^.July Jl ' ; 3f;3%<J.^::;.' ¦".;:>:¦¦ '.;;';
'»"•''' ' '¦. . ' .:;¦'.- .- ; '-.' "¦' ";'.'/' ". "¦''."•'•'..' "'.'¦ . »•
Walla. 55056c. ." ; ;..' . " ..
¦Fprelgn wheat shiproents from Portland for
the. week ending to-day were 4;2,3S6 bushels.
: •-. .. . WASH1XGTOX. .
TACOMA. . Feb; ZH.— WHEAT— Quiet - r and
steady; bluestcm. S'Vsc: club, Me: • - ¦ . ". • ¦•
' The total., wheat exports for the month of
February aggregated 1,064.137 bushels, valued
at- $611,£G0,;. . -... ¦•..'..••."¦¦¦ ,. . •••
.¦".•.¦-•X ... .'.Fprcign '.Markets.- ¦•' ¦..:¦ .
¦¦"¦ : ••; •' ¦ OREGON.
PORTLAXD. Feb. 28.— WHEAT— Walla
, PORTLAND. Feb. 28.-Clearlngs, $263,278;;'bal
ances/. $25,439. '.. ..••.•.•.:.•'' - ... •"
,. .;. Northern Wheat Market..
Portland's Business.
. XKW YORK, Feb. 23.— Cotton futures closed
unchanged. . . c . ¦" ':-. '..¦ .
NEW YORK, Feb. 23.— Advices from '.LoVi-'
don indicated a weak market for tin,- prices
closing 12s 6d lower to £120 17s 6d for spot and
£115 7s 6d on futures; The local market, how
ever, ruled' quiet, steady on a light demand
with buyers and sellers brought close together,
$26 50 being bid- and S26 CO askrd at the close,'
with the flna." tone steady. . A liberal amount
of offerings were reported In copper but found
but few takers, and the market was dull and
unchanged at ?17 for lake and $16 62\i for
casting. At London copper closed • firm at a
slight advance. The lead market, .was dull
and unchanged. Spelter wa3 . weak -und un
changed. Piglron quiet. • •' ¦'..-. ~- .-, ' '
. ' New. York Cotton Market.
N(?zv York Metal Market.
Including 300' Tcxans;, choice steers stroap;
niodlu-.-n Tv«ak, lower; butchers' stock nnd Tex
»nr f teacly. Uood to prime steere! ?4 S.^'i(6: poor
to medium. $3 45{?3 75: stockers and feeders. |2 75
fflJO; cows;. 52 6o«T 1 15; heifers. ?2 63©4 SO; can
n<;ra..J2t2 CO; bulls. $2 75f l 20; .calves,'. WQi 30;
Texas fed steers, $4ff4 80; Texas grass steers,
W»g4: bulls. J2 5CO3E0.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 25.000; to-morrow.
30.0CO; left over, 1000: the market opened steady
nml closed 5(il0c lower; top, 53 50. Mixed and
butchers'. t3 3Cfi3r.O; Rood to cholco heavy. $5 33
(fiooO; rough heavy, SJS'XQ'SSO; light. $3 3005 43;
bulk of sales. »3 25(53 <5. • . |
SHEKP — Receipts, 14.CKX): : sheep steady and
Ftrong; lambs about steady; socC'to choice
wethers. N 25@4 7.-,; fair to choice mixed. $3 S5@
4 25; Westein Fheep, $4:3ff?4 73; Texas sheep,
$2 M5I3 75; native lambs, $4 :u@3 23; Western
lambs, $5<35I5. .. . ,-.
FOR THURSDAY. FEBRUARY !&" '
Flour, qr sks 10.826|Ftraw. tons....... 20
Wheat, ctls.. .."... 72.553 Hay. tons 3T8
Barley, ctls .'. - 4.7S01 Hides, No 12s
Oats, ctls 2,100 Pelts bdl«. ...... ' 8
Beans, Eks. ....... 713JLeather, rolls.::. 291
Corn. ctls. .-.. ¦ 310 i Wine, gals .'..46,900
Potatoes, sks..... 6,627;Brandy, gals 500
Onions, sks 25 Sugar, ctls ... 2.095
Bran, sks :. 6'jjChlcory • bbla..... ¦ 23
Middlings, sks 60
Receipts of Produce.
COAL — Wellington, {9 per •?ton; Southfield
WellliiRton. 19: Seattle. J7:* Brj-ant. »7; Coos
Bay, J5 50: Wallsend, J9; Co-or>eratlvi» Walls
end, $9: Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $H; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
J17 insacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, a 43
per 2000 pounds and $3 60 per ton, ; according
°SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed, fi.25c; Powdered, 5.85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.8ic; Dry Granulated. S.73c; Confec
tioners'- A.. 5.7Dc; Magnolia A, 5.35c; Extra C
5.23c; Golden C. 5.13c; barrels. 10c more; . half
barrels, 25c more; boxes, 50c more; 50-1 b bags
10c more. No orders taken' for less than 7j
barrels or Its equivalent." Domlnos. half -bar
rels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.73c per lb.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags.. J5 63: Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. '6%@G%c; local
make, 6%c; Wool Bags. 20®32Hc; Fleece Twine.
7%c. - _ \ ¦ . • o ¦ .. ¦ •
General Merchandise.
As previously mentioned, arrivals of Hogs
are expected to increase in tho near future,
hence local packers are buying w}th some
caution. The market continues firm, however.
Other meats are unchanged.
HEEF- 7@Sc for Steers and 6®7%c per lb for
cows.
VEAL — Large, 7®Sc; small. Se per lb.
MUTTOX— Wethers. 3V4@10c; Ewes, 9Ho per
pound. " - '.
LAMB— Tearllngs, lC'/ic per lb; eprir.g, 11©
12Hc per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6%c for small and 6lic
for medium and 6c for large; stock Ilcgs. 5V4c;
feeders. 5%c; dressed Hoes,- S©9V4c. -!< .-- z ---
San Francisco Meat Market.
Fall Clip— San Joaquln. CH'g'Sc; do la,?ibs. IQ,
9c; Middle County, 9@10c; Northern Mountain,
free, 10®llc; Southern Mountain. 7V4fiPS14c;
Humboldt and Mendoclno, 11012c per lb.
HOPS— 15®20c per lb.
WOOL— Spring clip Is quotable as follows:
Northern, free, l.'.iilGc: Northern, defective, 12a
14c; Middle County, free, 15®16c; Middle Coun
ty, defective. 12014c; Southern Mountain, 12
months", 9i{716c; Southern Mountain, free. 7
months', UQ>12c; Southern Mountain, defective,
7 months'. 5®llc: Humboldt and Mend-jclno. 16
@l"c: Nevada. 13f£?16c per lb. ,
HJDKS'-AXp -SKiXSfHiuns andbrands'seU
about lc uii'lfr Quotations. -.Heavy Salted Steers '
SUfclOc; medium. 9ci light. S®S%c; Cow Hide?.
S\s<: for. heavy: and seS',4c for light; stags, 6©
6%c;Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9@10c; Salted
Calf.. lCcc-.Drj' Hide*. 13',4tfl6<;: Culls, l3Vi@14c
Dry .Klp;.'.13'2'16c:' Dry Calf.. 16@17c: culfs and
brarida.-. 14'<f 15c;'. Sheepskins, shearlings. 20^300
each; rhort Wool, .SO^'iOc each; medium. 60®73c;
Ion« Wool. 73cSJl<"3ohr' Horse Hides, salt, 12 50
02 75 for largeand 12® 2 2-') for medium, $1 23 for
small and SOe for cofts; Horse Hides, dry, $1 73
for large, Jl L0 for medium. 51 25 for small and
SOe for colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins.
3Gc; fall or medium skins. 30c; 'winter or thin
skins, ?0c. Goatskins — Prime Angoras, S 75c,
large ar.d smooth, 60c; medium. 33c. ~ :
TALLOW— Xo. 1 rendered. 4Vi©4%c per lb;
Xo. 2. 4<li4Vie: grease. 2®2Hc.
>;A11 :. descriptions.- under .this ' h-ead remain- as
before^- trade 'being,- more, or .less slack and
unsatisfactory! ail around.*. '.' \ ¦¦"¦'¦¦.'¦'¦ : . .'.'..¦. ¦
; . X.ARD4^TIerces: :.<iubte.d at- . 6^c-. per " lb . for
compound and 9i£c : tar- pure; 'Jialf-barrels -pure
9%'c; l0-lb.'tlh*;.10'fic:"5-.l.b;',tins.'10%c. .".. ;• '
..; COTTOLEXfc.4-.Orie; half-barrel, 8Ucr three
half-barrels,.-. .Sc.;-. tine' tierce. ' rjic;" two tierces
l%c; nve.tterce3..;7«ic-;rier ljfc"- : . .. .;. ... -V ;-;: . •-.
; Hides; Tallow > 'Wool and- Hctps^
...CURED.- ME ATS— Bacon ; ; lligllVic. .per' lb' for
heavy. . Ht-i'ti I2c;. ; .r6r:.;iight .m'edl'uni;' : j2H@13c for
JlKht.-y : l3'»i-l4c ¦-. for extra'.:.Ughi: and-i3ifl5^4c for
euKar-cnretf:. '.E^stfrn." sugar^cured : Ilam3, 12c
.Mi-ss : .Bee.f.\ ". J12 ¦ per. barrel ; ..' extra Mess, J13-
Famjly; : «14- extrai.fihe Pork. |13®i5 50; extra
.¦?i.p«n-.- jra. 50<g20: \MessiVJ17.; -; : Snicked'. Beef.'- 13c
r ; er:v]>oii.mJ.:.';;- ;^;r.-\>;'.:- v ¦;¦¦';' i :¦¦:¦ :¦¦'¦ '.:.¦-'-. . .
Pfovisjons*
•.;•¦ A'sWe., from;- '.the 'ijlght' .advance;, in; Laird .menV
,t.l6ned ¦yes'terday.'.the'^maVket; l's>SuH: ; and • fea
¦turejess. .•:!¦,"'>;>•¦." ':.?'.¦ '-¦¦'¦' : ;;\\: .'¦ ' '..¦¦•¦•:. : .i- ~ • ¦'•' ... *''
"•¦XUTSr7-Chestrruts r ....Si@10c ; per- lb for.iltallan:;
Walnuta-.v Xo. 1; 'softshellr-.'lOc-; Xb^ i.. : '">|c;-Xtii..
1,'liardshfU; ' 9'/jc: : . : Xo. -.2; .7c;'- Almonds. /12S13c
fpr '; paperRhelli / 9@.llc.- for .•iottsliel!;; .-Peanuts,' '5
ii 6c . f or- Eaisterft : XJraziV ' Nuts,-. "i3<i:: : . FHbertS,
12c ; Pecans. llS13e;"CocpanufS; i3 50®3.-."' ---,.••
';-. IIOXE>'— Comb, : 13%@14c . for bright ari'd £%&¦
13o: ; Jor..11ght-.-'amberr':. water. 'white •.'extracted.
TVsc; light amber •extracted, ¦'¦6%5J'7c;- dark, (SM
.6Hc" Ear. -lb-.."-.' ••-..••.•.'¦.¦• ¦••.•:'. ¦¦.¦.:-':¦••'•.-¦¦:¦. ¦/ '
' .' liEESW-AX-^24!326o-. per. Ib. ¦¦'''-¦ .-' V /.'•:• .' -.- '"'
iRAlSlNS^-The.: Ralslh; Growers- 'Association
has. restablUhed: '.the.. fbllbw-ing." prices: ''Bleached
Thompson" s-- fancy;' -aic/per lb j: .'ch'6}ce,.. ; -lie;
Btandard; ¦ 10c; prime,' .'9c;. Unbleached 'Thomp
sons; .... 9e .¦"¦per '; lb.;. Sultanas-rFancy; : lOHb: ' per
lb; ehoi'cei .9V4'c;'J5tandard, 8%c: prime -8c Tun- 1
bleached ..SuUarias. . 8c; ".Seedless.'. 60-ib boxes)
,6.M;C>-.4-icrown, . ,7c;.v3-cr6wn'.- : : 6.V4c;-.; 2rcrown.'. -.6c.
I'aciflc bi;and,-. 2>cr«iwn; -.5c;. 2-.crbwn, '.'SSie,.' and
4.'Crp\yn,'-.5%c;"-;seeded. : . (Fresno :prices)v fancy;
16-ounc.e, .:7c',-. i2-bunce; : .^S^c-i "\c'h6'.ce,'-.16^ounce,
**ic; .. :: 12-ouhce, oWc;'' .London Layersi Srcrown;:
il: id ;.per: bpx; 3^'crown,'-.'' $1 60: '.Fancy-."Ci'usters,'
{2.;. D«heE.a;t2 SOi'.Jmperlal. $3^ All.' price's- f-.' o.;
b. at- common shipping points-ln.'CallformaV *:
. PRUXES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. 3c; 30-40s. 7c?:
40r.-0s! aic; C0-60s. 4Mc; C0-70s. 3*ic; 7O.«0s. Slic;
$0*&0s r -.2}ie;. 90-lOOs, . 2\if. lC0-120s, l^c;- rubles,
s /i'c _¦ premium ; .'Sonomas He and' San' Joaqulna
•4c; less: than Santa Clara?, .except- ICQ : and : qyer, :
which stand -the same;.!" .: ••.".•"..•.' y ;''Z'-;\ : : '".•;.¦
¦'. FRUITS— Apricots.. . 5@7c for Royals and 8V4@
.10c for Moorparks; • Evaporated Apples,. A<Q^tc;
sun-dried. l 1 / j©2?ic; Peaches. 2@3^c for stand
ard, 4SS4'.4c for choice and CfJ6c for' fancy;
Tears;. 237c: Plums, pitted, 433c; unpltted. # ijj
,U*c:' Nectarines,: 5@5',~c for red and 5Vi@6c"fpr
white; '<¦'¦•¦ '.¦;. ..:¦.¦:'.-: ;:'.¦.. ;. . '::¦¦:
The situation shows no "change' whatever!
¦ Six cars of Oranges' are announced.' 'for ; to-:
..day's auction; ''The. Orange market '..¦continues
"overstocked "and" weafc.'af the" decline, and. .the'
"l^V^a<llUoD'-.oi^e ;^i^t-^hh^<ewI^tt.#^I(>
/nes's." ¦;¦""." -•-.;.• :'¦'" "¦¦.'¦ '¦.¦'.'¦.-•" ¦¦.-' ¦<.--_•¦:¦
•."¦The re '.-a re plenty of . Lemons, here", ¦ but .they
.ardsellihg-'readlly at firm prices, owing; .to. the
.absence of .Limes. -• •"....- ". •' " \ . ,
.'.Apples ".'rule- firm, '.¦with- .steadily..- decreasing
stock's.-. ¦•.-., ¦ : ¦¦'.- " •' .-.-' .-"..-.'.- ¦¦'•••• •¦.-.¦.•.-¦ :-.: •
•. .DECIDUOUS. FRUITS— ••:. \: ;'¦;. ¦.,"
¦;'. APPLES^— C0@73c per. box for. common." 9OC0 1
-.-$!' &0- for .'good : to choice and $1 75@2.for fancy. '
:¦•¦ PEARS-^63c@$l 50 per box. .;-;--.. "-••.'.
• CITRUS. .FRUITS— Na\-al Oranges. -.. : $l®i 75;
Seedlings,- yje(3$l; Tangerines.- 75c@$l 60;-.- Japa-
; .neser Mandarins. $1@1 50; . Lemons, .$1^1 25 for
¦common and $150<8 > 2 J5-: for good to choicer
Grape Fruit, 75c©$l 50;. Mexican -.Limes, -. -;..
California. .Limes,-, nominal; '•¦ .Bananas. '-EOc
(e$V P«r bunch for 'Island and-' ft 25@1 75 for
New. Oileans; Plneappjes, : -75cSt2 per dozen.; . -
Dried Fruits, Nuts ¦¦¦: and Mais ins.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Storage— California fancy ; standard, -;
Eastern fancy, ; standard, .- — ; seconds.
Butter Js as before quoted. Arrivals are
largo and the lower grades are weak and
dull,, while the best creameries ara selling
right along without difficulty.
Kecelpls. as reported by the Dairy Exchange,
were 47.000 pounds of Butter, 134 1 cases Eggs
and 18.S00 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese. . :'¦
BUTTER— - . ¦ • '. :
Creamery— Extras, 18c; firsts, 16c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras. 16c;" firsts. 13c; seconds. 12c;
store, lie. ... ::.¦; :¦„ ;.
Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, ;
seconds, ; dairy extras, .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg. per pound. *"•-,'-
CHEESE- Fancy, full cream. 9Hc: choice.
S',4c; common, nominal; Young Amelrlcas, 10c;
Eastern, full creara, 15@16Vc per lb.
EGGS- ¦ ¦
California Ranch— Selected White, 13c; mixed
colors. 12c per dozen. . . -
California Gathered— Selected. 12c; standard,
; seconds, . ;..">. ¦•.•
.Fresh Eastern— Fancy, ; standard, ;
seconds, . .-. ;¦ - ' ' -
Cheese is quoted weak, with liberal supplies.
Receipts of E^ks continue large, but the de
mand is very Rood and there is no accumula
tion of stock worthy of notice. Prices remain
as before. .
Butter, Cheese a Ad Eggs.
Ducks. The other kinds of Game remain in
season. Receipts wore SO sacks, mostly « in
I.oor condition, and prices £ad the usual wide
range. Sound fat Ducks-^brought advanced
T'lccs. ¦' w
A car of Eastern dressed Turkeys was
quoted at 14c. Local Turkeys dragged ' at
lower prices. Other Poultry was firm under
light receipts. Rnd the previous good prices
were maintained.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, \2Q\Zc . for Gob
blers and 12©Uc for Hens; Dressed Turkeys.
11014c; Geese, per pair. 51 30*?:; Goilin^s.
U 60W3: Duck*, J4@5 lor eld and J84T7 Tor
youns;: Hens. $4®6; Young- Poo««r<!. $Mf7: Old
Roosters, ?-»?5 3; Fryers, Jo M?j6; Broilers,
$.'.(fj3 ao for large nnd J3 5utN <hj for .small;
riKfons, *1 2."><R 1 io per dozen for old and iZ S3
(?2 "¦> for Squnbs.
GAMK-Quail, 50cfi$l; Mallard. $3ff?3; Can
vasback. *2<56; SprU. .$15Cff3; Teal. Jl 50@
2 50: Widgeon. $1 00^2; Small Duck. SI 25@1 B0;
mack Jack, II 2T.(gl 50; Gray Geese, $3® 3 50;
White Geese, $1@1 30; Brant. $1 50©2 for small
arid $2 for large;. Honkers. $3G I. GO; English
Snipe. $2 50; Jack Snipe, $1 25@1 50; Hare.
Uic&tli Rabbits. 50c*?i$l for Cottontail and We
for Brush; 1'igeofls, Jt per dozen.
.
THE SAN FRANCISCO .CALL, FRIDAY, MARCH .1, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
CALX. CALENDAR.
local-markets;
One of the interesting Incidents Jn con
nection with the recent opening: of Par
liament was the formal declaration b>
hte King of his disbelief. in the doctrines
of the Roman Catholic faith. This cu
rious survival of a less tolerant age is
still required of all British sovereign?
The declaration is made either from the
throne In the House of Lords and in the
presence of both houses at* the first ses
sion of Parliament alter the succession
or at the coronation, whichever shall
Declaration of Disbelief,
8
'Nczp York Grain aHfr:Prod\tie.
March.
. i?oi. •'. -. '.':'¦'
S.-|M.(T. IW.I
IT.t.F:!
[S. Moon 1 *; Phases.
~T~T 5 j « j
urir 12 13 i
17 IS 19 20 j
ITtlT »|nl
"_L_!-i
f 21 12
I ! /T^. FulJ Moon.
if— W March. 4.
"|T -/T Last Quaner,
_ March 13.
23 N«tt Moon.
W March 20.
*° '
r. i
I r^ First Quarter,
| |^ March 2«.
:i
i*r
Thi*
Season.
. I.as-t
j Season.
.1
49.50
»* 7*
j 16.63
13. «T
1S.0*
! fi ?1
;<.M
r..6<;
| 2.14
i «-*Z
v.Li
l j.'yj
:i
i*r
Thi*
Season.
. I.as-t
j Season.
.1
49.50
»* 7*
j 16.63
13. «T
1S.0*
! fi ?1
;<.M
r..6<;
| 2.14
i «-*Z
v.Li
l j.'yj
March.
. i?oi. •'. -. '.':'¦'
S.-|M.(T. IW.I
IT.t.F:!
[S. Moon 1 *; Phases.
~T~T 5 j « j
urir 12 13 i
17 IS 19 20 j
ITtlT »|nl
"_L_!-i
f 21 12
I ! /T^. FulJ Moon.
if— W March. 4.
"|T -/T Last Quaner,
_ March 13.
23 N«tt Moon.
W March 20.
*° '
r. i
I r^ First Quarter,
| |^ March 2«.
AUCTION- SALES
PRELIMINARY NOTICE.
$23. CCO WORTH OF GOVETtXMENT TENTS
AT AUCTION.
By orders from headquarters we will self on
TUESDAY. Mnrch- 12. lyoi, beginning at 19
o'clock a. m. sharp, at our salesrooms. SIT
MARKET STREET, opposite Tattery. th* f .J-
fowing. Government pt-orx-rty direct from tne
Presidio: 300O T»nts; 2000 Duck Wagon Covrrs.
Flys,' etc.; 50 .«^t3 Double and Single Harn^s
and I>euds; Camp T^ls; 3 Cowrnraen: Uolcs;
." Army Waro:»3, «>tc. » \i. ; °. • =
AMERICAN AVCTION CO.. Auctioneers;
NOTE.— All this t«ntae» Is nearly new. hav-"
injc been uset! but a »h«~rt time on the military
reservation of i-'an Frnnclsco. Goods,, will be
on Inspection,, with catalogue on sale, Friday.
March 8. 1901. ' "' , ' ..TRIES TO BURN
HELPLESS WOMAN
Cervera Promoted.
:. VMADRID.: Feb. 23-^-The Queen Regent
has signed a decree appointing Reiar. Ad
miral Ceryera to be a vice admiral. :...:. \
MAXILiAi Feb. 28,-^MajQr General S./B.:
JL ;:Yoting/ antf: istaff ,; with
fourth United States Volunteer Infantry
and nine 'companies .. of the Thlrty-thtrd.:
have -embarked on : the> Ignited ., States
transport Logan and: will- sail: to-morrow.
En- route /aheyf will /stop at Gandon, on
the western- coast of: Luzon, to take On
board Companies G. E : and M of the
Tblrty*thlrd United States Volunteer In
fantry. Who -have been released from the>
quarantine Imposed by reason of a slight
6u tbrcak of- smallpox, V-'- ¦'¦: '.. -.'¦.•.': ¦¦/. ) : \-' ?;<• •.'•• :V
Soldiers (Coming 1 Home.
: •Be.tw'een.l and 2 o'clock, however, a me?»
pcBB from ttmember of ¦ the LJiicoln Flr«
Department was: telephoned "that the pen
itentiary proper was doomed and that the
flre was spreading:.:/ Before the flames had
gained/a great headway Warden DavU
gave.orders to/release the convicts from
the -cells /and- march, them under double
guard to the prison yard. The removal
was .accomplished, safely, and; with
order.: ">///"> -^.v ¦¦..-¦.¦¦ ¦'?= .'¦'••! ¦v'/^v:'--';; ; -v;. v v--- ::
/ LINCOLN;/; Nebr.V Slarch L— A flee.
Which started |n^fie/ State penitentiary,
pieerhs'. certain. t|> : - destroy the entire main
bulMlnfiTw together with the cellhouse and
dther buildings. Just, after 2 o'clock this
mbrhihg a telephone message saying the
room in which the telephone instrument
was. located was In. flames and must be
vacated..: This cats oft the only means of
lmmffdiate communication with the prison,
which is nearly, four miles from the busi
nessyaistrlct of the city. ,- : :;/;':¦¦{: : '-.;:¦¦;¦¦:-: '¦¦ .
Convicts Are Marched to the Yard
XJnder Double Guard to Escape
: :-' : ,: ; :^: ; . V : - A the Flames.: " ; V ; :- ; -" :^v:.' " r '
WILL DESTROY
NEBRASKA'S PBJSOU
• There will be no changes in the transfer
system for a few da-sat least- The San
Pablo and Telegrapn: Avenue • lines will
contiritie to: transfer to the Seventh street
local .-train and the Haywards line for a
short time,- but > thi"* - will not last th»
month out. -New transfer points will be
established, but: they have not yet been
decided iipbn. As spipn as the agreements
can. ¦ be/broken .the. transfer, system with
the .Bay wards line will be : discontinued
iend: one instituted with the Twelfth street
.system.^ . '¦:-:'¦ \ : -¦-¦:¦->¦>¦'¦ ¦?:.<-.-iu;;^ : r--: y-:-;\~-r -
.: It : is. said thatvSaperintendent Martin
of the Oakland Railroad Company will be
croitie: operating" superintendent, of the new
cbmpanyv^^ with 1 F./ Kelly of the Oak-
Jihd/ Transit Gornpany as; . : . the, general
¦¦managerv'' •-¦¦/¦•'-' ;:- ; ¦: '¦ ; /..'-/^':-- ; ' ; / : : : :.- ¦' ' '•; v?-?- '¦[¦:.-
V-N.O details have yet been arranged for
the cphsolidatlon of the -lines,".: said : E. A.
/Heron, president of the Oakland Transit
Company; ./?.'A general plan has been ar
ranged . : that- .pro\idc'3: : . for- /consolidation
and hot purchase,: The same plan will be
pursued in -this case as In the case of
the • formatl^an . of / the Oakland Transit
Company.: A new company will be formed
an<j -that company will absorb all of tho
other •' lines;-' The Oakland Transit Com
pany absorbed six. Mnes- in this way.' Th»
rnanapement of the lines- themselves -will
be entirely in the hands of Mr.:K<:lly, who
¦will not be hampered in any wa>." V .
• :As a matter of fact the actual transfer
of :the San Pablo and Telegraph Avenue
lines has not been completed and there
exists! only an agreement to sell. Th*»
owners of the Oakland Railroad Company
insisted that if the Oakland Transit Com
pany was going to take the lines at all It
must: take them on March 1. and so on
March 1 the nominal transfer will b«
made.. .The: complete consolidation will
tot ". be/: made - until ; the. . new company i»
organized:/./ . : .;• :-'•¦.*:'/• '¦.'-. •:.';•.:. :
'There will be no change In the manner
of /pperatinsr the linos to-morrow. Super
intendent Martin of the Oakland Railroad
Company will remain In charge of his
lines, merely turning the receipts over to
the Oakland Transit Company. ..:,.•• •
; % ¦: • 1U5 Broadway. Feb. 23. .
; The Oakland Transit Company will tak©
possession of the lines of, the Oaklan«l
Railroad Company to-morrow, though the
consolidation of tho two companies haa
not been completed. The sale of the linei
of, the Oakland Railroad Company to the
Oakland Transit Company was made in
such' a hurry that the latter has not had
time, tp ; niake any. arrangements for the
transfer other than to provide that tho
receipts of the Oakland Railroad Com
:pany shall be turned over to the Oakland
Transit '.Company beginning to-morrow
morning. ••: ?¦.•'.-¦. . . "
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
Transfer System Will Not Be Altered
. for a Few: Days, but New
"•:.';; Points of Change to Be
>- '¦"_/'-¦ ¦'¦•.'•¦.:,.' :- : >.-. Made Soon. ¦ ; \'\> :.
Oakland Railroad Company
O Passes Out of : Existence -
To-Day. ;
WILL SETTLE
DEAL AT ONCE
>ers announce that the Bulgarian Mlnls
t of Justice has issued a circular urg
? C public prosecutors and judges
throughout Bulgaria to be active in the
'eprePFlon, of the-. Macedonian revolution
frv committee. and other agents of agi
aticn. '" ¦'• .¦¦¦-¦¦'^ •¦•-.- " //^*;.^'
Disagreed on Torpedo Boats.
In AFHINGTON. Fcto. 2S— A, fruitless at
'•rrpt to agree In .conference on the sub
marine torpedo- boats in the marine bill
>a« made to-day. When the discussion
¦ocami! somewhat personal two of the
Senate conferees withdrew^ making 1 it
*Tr.po?fti\n* to proceed and leaving the re-
Vlt rauch In doubt. . .
Watching the Agitators.
VIENNA, Feb. 28.— The Bulgarian pa-
JNSANITY RESULT OF
V DRUGGIST'S MISTAKE
'SEATTLE. Wash... Feb. K.-Professor
".. R. \Vt-th*rby. editor of the Indepen
l "Ttt. u paper published at IsEaquah.
/¦a^h.. became violently insane to-d:iy
officials took him to Beanie to have
hsa tried for insanity. Wethcrby taught in
the iBsaouah schools for three vears ill
Tnade a creat reputation as an educator
Vhree years ago, while engaged at his
•>rofej<sion. hiF eyes became inflamed
.irorn over«tudy. He tilled on the drujr-
Vist for some rose-water and tho druggis*
•naue a mistake and ea»> him some
I'olsonous fluid, which he applied to hii
• ye. A smarting- sensation followed ar.j
•he eye beean to inflame. Dr. Klbbe of
Seattle treated his evt i-rA in order to
•ave him from total blindness extractel
he bad eye. After great sufferlne tha
rofessor recovered. . •-. :. :.
The lofs of the eyv seemed to worrj'
Im and- at times he would become cn
aged and threaten to «clH the druggist.
OAKLAND. Fob. 2S.— The mlllmen's
-trfke In Alamc-da County ended to-day.
.Thirteen of the sixteen mills In the
*t unty Finned the aR-reement with the
ouildir.f? Trades Council which Is on the
<&m«? lines as that entered Into between
he rr.lll owners and mill operatives cf San
Crancif^o. The firms that refused to eig-n
•re Niehaup & Co. and Cavan & Day of
ilerkrley »nd the California Door rom
1 any of \\>et Oakland. Ur.drr the terms
! th* agre^mi?nt the mills will operate on
a nine-hour schedule until Monday. Then,
¦^id -until the fif>t Monday in June, they
j»aj ran eight and a half hours. After
i^.at the eight-hour basis will be adopted.
JIIXI-IilEN END THEIE.
PKOLONGED STRIKE
Fremery Prcpertyi;
• : . ..Oakland Qfnce San FranclWo .Cali,
:/¦/:...¦- ' ; . ./ -¦; /^ /ill IS:; Broad way; Feb/ 23.:: :;
: ,'T}i (¦ /^SVi.tv.o >f= tat e/of ; the" late James de
5^^taf;»x. wilf.sooa be/ jpaid; over to the
.hy.rs./Vud^e Greene: FlKnedthe decree of
I r.ul distribution to-v3ay. The final .acr
c.^v:nt"- -of . the . executor..' James 1«. de.
]'remer> ! , rhow? a balance, on. hand. In
realty and personal property, amounting:
t0r|t69Vx99 G6. I^gacips of $ln» each have
It en paid to Ernest \V.. Maurits C, James
.¦ .. Irplnia I- and Juftus J ; von Lohen
B*ls and J am*"!? arid I>^)n F. (J*»- FTemcy
at!d COW each to^AdolphB.. Virginia : E*.
and Paul \\ . de Frcnery; ': : ¦ : . ' .
•_Thc r*fiduary kgatr-s are James L:de
-- retaory and Aoe^e V. von Lobeii Sels
son and daughter of the testator L The
-^hare alioted to James de Ftemery in
'.ludes tho old De Fremery homestead on
\deline street. • .• :. ."
HEIRS TO SOON HAVE ESTATE;
Court Orders Distribution of the I>*i
Tonner Judge Francis M. ..Warm
castle, Who Came to California. <\
>.ln 1849, Dies.: :¦ -,.r^y
"AKLAND. Feb. M.
"Warrncaz-jJ.c, farmer County Judge, l^gis
'.;•••:¦ :ivA 2 pior.ff-r of 1S49. passed away/
f-Jay st the King's l>auphtors' Home in
thiii.' oiry, whrre for several months he'
h.'.-:i l» "e:i under tr*-atm*»nt for general de-/
•\ '-/v. ;: The deceased pioneer was proml
::•¦•.t in the. organization of the State:
evi<-rr.inent.-' ' ¦¦¦..¦.: '" : ". \./---'\:;'
: . judpe Warmf-astle was born , Ih-Pehri-
F\;van:a in l$V>. He studied Jaw: and W.a^
ft member vf tho Missouri Ix'sislaturq in.
1 4 4'. After service In tho State volunteers::
• J,":r!n<? th<? Mexican war be catiK over-i
!;:r<i !O Calitdrnia. arrivir.fi: at-...Sacra-
r.?t-r.to amon; the first emigrants In Au
p\..-T. W3>.'- He ir.ined a while on the.Yiiba
vivor. : . H'e n - a* a member of the -first
¦Stat* Legislature that conviened at : : Sun]
J"kc; .-•-. ¦•¦'•-: .. -. ; . ¦• ¦ v.-.-;V;.'i-- /?•%•"¦¦¦
.In l^TiO ' Jurte<> Warmca^tle': .settled^, at i
• '.lrjez. wh< re he served, three years as
County Jui'-!k» j . .•¦• H«* was a V.-mesrib#?'r of the '¦'¦
Antembli h: 1S."T and TSCO. :-. InlS77 he : wals : j
c-'.i-k :>-<\ I;i>irict Attorney of. Contra Costa i
Coanl'jr: ¦; For./ many years* -he practiced^
lnw at. Mariinpz. Then he : Went to Blskl
¦• ¦: <';iunTy,:, whore tlie town, of 'Warm
<ast!e was named after him. Stricken 1
vi'.li paralysis- ti year afia; Judire Warmil
castVe cain« to Oakjand Jn Nwv?mt>er. : The -j
furcral. win be held at Martinez, where j
the -.dead pioneet ha? s-uryivlr.}!.; relatives. /
PASSING: AWAY OF ; A; v- \,P- ; ( ;- :: :
• - PROMINENT PIONEER
CHICAGO, Feb. 28.— At to-day's ses
*!on of the National Educational Asso
ciation the following officers were re
elected: President, T. R. Glenn, Atlanta.
Ga.; first vice president, H. T. Emerson,
UufTalo, N. Y.; second vice president. F.
W. Cooley, Calumet, Mich.; secretary,
John. W. D'jltrich, Colorado Springs, Colo.
Chicago was chosen as the meeting
place for the next annual cession.
Educators Elect Officers.
HOLDEXVILLE. I. T., Feb. 2S.— At
12;30 a."m. to-day Johnson Miller, a full
blood Creek Indian, was shot to death by
a masked body of men. .. .. .:
. Miller was under arrest for the murder
of Herbert McDade on the 22d of Decem
ber last. He was arrested yesterday
morning and brought here, pending a
hearing before the United; States Com
missioner. At an .early hour last night
the officers, fearing trouble, secretly con
veyed their prisoner out of town two or
three miles an J lodged at the farm house
of Robert Stewart. At a little after mid
night about forty armed men forced an
entrance into the • house, disarmed the
guards and filled the prisoner's body with
lead... : . ¦-.:;.. : -. ¦ ¦ .-/..: ; •¦ . '• ¦ -.
LIFE OF AN INDIAN
IS TAKEN BY A MOB
Contract.
LOS ANGELES, Feb. 28.— James H. Ty
nan, who a few days since applied, to the
Superior Court to have his adoption of
Grace Bailey Bet aside in order that he
might marry the girl, had his wish grant
ed this morning. Judge All«>n said the
proceeding was unusual, but the Supreme
Court having held that adoption is but a
contract, it could be annulled like any
other contract on petition of the inter
ested parties. He questioned the girl as
to whether she was acting under con
straint in the matter, and upon her nega
tive answer dissolved the contract of
adoption and left the adopted daughter
free to marry her foster father.
Judge Allen After Questioning the
Girl Sets Aside the
MENTO, .^
the-slot-machlne;bi:U' has; been Tcppftpd/'.by
thft -Benate ; Judlciaryz/Cornmi ttee; bdt^/it
haRaname^ndmerittackedtpit^
tically.Xills it. In the opinion of the author
of the measure; ¦. : .':¦..:• ';::¦:/: ¦•.*.•¦': -:-' : '¦"-.'-.'¦ -/: 7^
¦The n»poi-t;bn:the /bill: is^thatiJL 4< do pass
as/ainended,'':^^ and the.^mieidrneht added
restricts the; ppera.tiQn : pr: the bill to ma
chines that sin be played for money. :
This wias :done: to protect- those machined
that pay .clgrara :-p.r^.i|rinfa::-' : oA'h.-ja.Uemp.t
w*a«. : .jnadi;'t'p:cTe.strIctVtbe/-.blij/'sq.lV.w<>uld
apply ¦btily .to. -niinprs, but this/sittempt
failed/ 1 ¦¦¦:¦;-. ¦i\::,^. K- : >:<¦:-:: A.-: ¦:¦ : Ky-^\ -ivi;
:' : Johnson, appeared '.before/the:: committee
and explained /his. measur** ;.-'.lh.;.th«7p<)ur$0
of his remarks he said hie i uhderstopd (that
corrupt: infl-uehces:/»'ei*'''.at;'wprk- - : t6':id'Gffiat
the bill; and- thai the. ntpne-y .being used
was in the /hands . of: Frank ¦ McQuade;
clerk to the Senate Coitiraittee on /Labor
and Capital. Johnson «aid he knew: there
was a fund subscribed ta. defeat nhci bill,
for -he ;knew ; :..of . person*; who ¦ hail-;.siib
pcrlbed': and. In -view of those, eircum
ptances, he did not see how any one coald
vote ajainst the measure. •¦•.... : .. K : .
Lukens inquired pointedly as : to ' John
pon's knowledge of the fund, and -then
moved that the committee report back a
riefiolutlon providing for an investigation
of the matter; but Davis would not enter
tain the idea. He said it could be done on
the floor of the Senate. . ' '•':¦ '¦¦
: Th«i -first motion, made by Oneal. was
that the bill be reported -back, • "do not
pass." This was lost. Then Lukens moved
that the recommendation be made, Vdo
pass," and Shortridge amended this : tp
"without recommendation." :¦'¦".:
This was lost. Then the bill as amend
ed was recommended for passage by this
vote: Ayes— Ashe, Devlin, Selvage, Cur
tin, Cutter. Lardner, Simpson, Taylor and
Davis. Noes— Lukens, Oneal, Shortridge
and Wolfe.
The principal desire of the committee
was to get the bill out on the file as
quickly as oosFlble. «
» .
TYNAN MAY MARRY
HIS ADOPTElf DAUGHTER
Johnson Chargres That Corrupt;' Influ-:
¦.,•¦¦;;:¦ ences Are at Work; ttf Defeat
the Measure.
/•¦CAL't'- /r-H'EAD'QUARTER-S^-^^SACRA;-;
NICKEL-IN-THE-SLOT BILL
IS PBACTICALLY KILLED
[)/*&. ENERQUS ones / are responding
ft Yi quite nobly t.6: the . appeals. -sent
(I 1 1 :: pxit fbr. the .'unfortunate.. Jacoir
/^^JL . ;^Iucller.i .the pioneer ; inwiclan.
. ¦-. ... 'Mho. has just lost a log through,
amputation and /whose condition war
rants a most liberal .testimonial frPm his
friends./^. 1 .;.. ..:'- ; .V> : .,V- <'¦¦¦", ..."¦ "v.':'' ¦¦ ¦:.- ¦¦. ¦¦:.
Amor g. .the '^newest ones /to
ward for a/place on the programme to be
¦-'•JHaii- 'at the/tienefit: fh/hia; behalf: la^ little
Irene Pajmcr. who is an . extremel}' /pretty
iiatty^;daughferpf llvyeamv Her services
LITTLE IR?:NE PALMER. A BEWITCHING CHILD MUSICIAN", WHO
•^ : v -WILIi: : PE.RF^)aM:-A^:Tlm ¦ BKXEFlT- T6:;BE:'tilVESr."NE^T : %NDM;
TO MUELLER, THE DESTITUTE MUSICIAN. '
OAKLAND. Feb. SS.^The police hava
:r. custody Thomas Migulre and K. Zvi
" . ff. a pair of as URly-feati:r«-d rrisoners
.¦¦;- ever w<»re jiut behind jail I'iirs. They
are accused of having held up David O.
MHlan; a carriape painter, last Saturday
nlcbt at the corner of Thtrty-fourin
. :i Madison streets. The rohbers clubbe-l
•-:. ir victim Into inpcnsibility after a hard
listtt with him. Thon they searched MI1
tan'c pockets as lie l«y unconscious In the
Mr.--*", and took Jl 3S from him.
The painter, v\htn he. recovered hi*
s-'T tek; notified the police. AVith the mei
p^t. <Jop<~ription hc.v '.Cculd . civc of his
miFlrpd a&sail.ints .tho ra.ttolmon through
<ut the city wore i'.it on' their mettle by
N:eT;r. <.'apt"ain cf r<-uice r«tersen. With
in two hour? afi- r.-the brutal hold-up Po
;:ctinen Woods "a':rf .M<;S.orley captured the
zr.or. at the corner hi '.fceventh street and
l: roadway. . '¦•.'¦¦..'" • ; - "•
Thf rair wro tfXit at once to thf City
I'rison. TiVior* 5 .-ihe-y _i;ive been»held "in
c mmunfeado** for four days hyChief of
Police Hodgkins. while Detectives Ham
«^rton and Kyte have been working up the
case. •' ... ' ¦•.. . • • " .
To-day the'Chicf rnai'e public the cap-
announcing:- that sufficient evidence
had been secured to warrant ..the' placing
of a formal charge of robbery against tha
pair. ¦ ' .¦•...-:.' ¦ •:
Tbo police declare that therhon are dah
geiOUl in that they arranged all of the de
:;.i's of the attack in San Francisco and
followed their selector victim across. tht)
lay on his return froir. work:: They kopt
him in sight until he was at a secluded
nr.d dark locality 'very nrar -JM« :hom<».
Trr-y lay in wait, and tr.en as Millan canu
r;*flr leaped upon. him. He gave battle js
hard as he could, but after: being: struck
.'¦•n-cral times on the 'bead.-. with a.sand
1 hs or a club succumbed. .'- ....:¦ '¦•.¦• '¦
One of' the Ktronuost -circumstahcei! . in
the chain of evidence -the . pi>lice hare;
forged is the fact that the s.aroh of the
captured robbers 'diP'-lGsed ;iri .their pog
•spssion the exact- fun> of \fnonoy .^'hicR
Mi!lan-.ropoTted had b<cn Molen from him. :
<"hiff I.lodgkins /will !K,t/ Oipcyi.ss -the/ p&-;
ture of the evidence hp . b.is in hand. ;.' It
Is understood that one of the robbers: has
inndA a >Ieatt Jineast . f his ...-.part in the
rrimr,. -The men ..havo refused to : t^ll tho
«3etf.".Hves ¦¦aryth'ins'. a.V ;<v Jt thHr past. /.As.
Fnona's'PpsitilV t!ior^ : v. ill b? an .investigAT.
tion .^toric-this iir:.': : n the hppp -that th?
psir 'piav be< ¦r"mrlet«-!v;. : identified: -The
T dfeee suspect thru -.their prisoner? /sire not
unknown in criminal, quarter!*.. : in VSan
Fv-u.ciscn'.' ; Their ai.ipoaranc.e .is decidedly
:i t -.(inst thrm. ':.: ; / "¦•'" '<:-\-"C : '.' : . ;:.«- : ' :.' : ;-'-* :
Millan reside* at C2>1 Louisa street, only
a f'u-M"'k> from th«- plax-e" where he.
ount.cred the liisiiwa'-men; "-.-...¦-..¦. -.".-/¦.
Themes Mag-nire and F. Zuboff, Said
to Have Followed Victim From
San Francisco, Arrested
for Crime.
D. C. Millan Knocked Down
and Robbed on Oik
land Street.
POLICE QUICKLY
CATCH ROBBERS
?t, E ven w a ii # duU fell ° * n bor e hls way
tnrougn life. •.¦.¦•¦•¦ • .¦.'..'.;/.•¦.-. • -.- ¦',. .
:: OAKLANDi ..Feb. .28.— The./ ¦¦¦¦¦tollowin*.
marriage licenses ..were .issued/ at the
County Clerk's office to-day: ,L. C. Wih
sor of Livermore, aged 30,; to: marry Elvira
Josephine Mendenhall of Livermore/ aged
21- Hugo Mueller of Oakland, aged 24, to
marry Emma Sanvaln of Oakland, aged 27*
Walter S. Gould of. Sari Francisco, aged
31, to marry Marguerite . Doran of San
Francisco, aged 24. . .-..¦;.. ¦' •"•:-
Licensed to ; Wed. :
Tlie par tial'identiflcatipn ; of -the body pf
the. man; who fell- frpni a train boiind for
Sari Jose arid! died at: the County Hospkal
as that of Peter F.Behm. of Mayfield has
proven .'falae.'-. -.The bpdy; of. .'the ' -unfortu-'
naie man /isvas /yetvunidentlfied.:/. V^^ ; r
Case of Mistaken Identity.
.• The. Commissioners of Insanity heard
the case yesterday of Mlsa Emma J.
Dolan, an unmarried lady of 40 years, re
aiding at Twenty-fourth and. Bryant
streets, letters of guardianship over whom
were asked by Rudolph Urbais, a neigh
bor, living at 2843 Twenty-fourth street
Mrs. Mary Coffman, said to/be asister/pf
Miss Dolan. just arrived from the East;
swore to a warrant charging her with in
eanity. but this also failed. : Controversy
over the father's estate is said to have
been back ft this action. : : : .": ;• ¦ . .
Say This Woman Is Sane.
Narrow Escape From Death.
Mrs. W. L. Ward, while out driving
with her husband yesterday afternoon,
met with a serious accident on the road
near the ocean- Doulevard. Mr. Ward
alighted from the rig to adjust the check
rein when suddenly the animal started.
Mr. Ward called to his wife to climb out
over the back and in attempting to do so
she was thrown to : • the grpund. She
alighted on her face, bruising it consid
erably, but suffers more from the shock.
The runaway horse was captured by Cap
tain Thompson and Mr. Ward drove his
wife to their home, at 414 Ellis street. 1
Detective McMahon investigated ' the
case and found that the husband of the
woman -was a gardener and that the wo
man was subject to temporary fits of in
sanity. She will be examined by the Lu
nacy Commissioners to-day.
Mrs. Pikup, residing at .259 ¦ Stevenson
street, walked Into the Emergency Hos
pital yesterday and made the statement
that she was being slowly poisoned by
her husband. Her actions were so pecu
liar that she was detained in the woman's
ward and. the police notified.
Mrs. Pikup Has Illusions.
Is Offered as;'; a prerrilumto all /'Call read
er.?. •; Several • sam pie. atlases: are ;.pn; exhi
bition -at- the hu^lness :'offlce Of this ipaper
and.rill. persons desiring. a. flrstvclass: atlas/
are. invited to call and inspect this fspleri
dtd;;book of/reference^.' v.^- ¦¦:.¦: :;;/:-/. ,:, : ;. : :
CplTS;;ATLAS;OlOT;?WpKLD;
¦ : -u:S. 1900 CenSus ; .Editipir :;^'^ : -'-;^ ; ;
SPEIQQ NOMINATED JOB ,,: -.:-'
MAYOR OF SAN DIEGO
Dernocratic^Cpiyehtiori Adopts. Resp-
lutions IJ^nouricing; Policy of
¦;,:¦;;.• /the . Admijnis tr atipuj. /./; f. '/\
Will Meet at Los Angeles.
':¦ biEdb^Febl-! 28.^-The : DerriPcratlc :
<?ity -.Convention... : ;mStWt^ay'-'a : iid.;-nomi--.
riated Patterson Sprigg. for Mayor of this
City • : acclarhatlon. . The v fesplutlbnai
adopted- by. the: convention; after pledg:
ing the nominees to an economical adminr
istratlori of municipal affairs dec ares
that, the attempt of President McKinley
to force upon Cuba a constitution which
destroys her Independence and to compel
her to accept a government at the pleas
ure of a foreign power is unjust and in
iquitous; that it is a breach of our most
*olemn pledges. Inspired by the greed of
the rich whose interests alone are con
sulted by the present administration.
_LOS ANGEI^ES.^Feb. 2S.— The National
Fede'ratlon of Women's Clubs will hold its
next biennial convention In Los Angelea.
The decision was made at a meeting of
the executive committee held in "Washing
ton. D. C. to-day. The only other ag
gressive candidate in the field was Boston.
Congressman -Waters of Los Angeles ap
peared before the committee to-day and
made a plea for Los Angeles. The invi
tation was extended at the biennial meet
ing held in Milwaukee last summer. The
Friday Morning Club of thia city has one
of the prettiest and , most ; picturesque
club buildings in this country, and the
Ebell also has a pretty home. The women
of the local clubs will take, a great pride
in showing these buildings to the visiting
delegates and in doing everything possible
to make their stay in L<>s Angeles, pleas
ant. •• • •." -;. ; .. . •': - ¦-.-' •.'¦••¦: " ;-,v v • .: ¦.'-¦' :
Lin ville's Quest Futile.
.SACRAMENTO, Feb. 28.-R. W. Lin r
ville. spent, all of to-day in Sacramento
searching.' for his eloping wife and her
lover R. McRae, disappearance
f rom' Llnville's Calaveras ¦ .County .home
was -chronicled in to-day's Call. ¦ Linyitle
made inquiries . at the passenger depot
which led him to conclude : that his run
away wife has cone with McRae tP Port
land Or., and .he. took the. late .train tp
that city. ¦ to-night M - endeavpr to- find. the
palr. : ;./ •'• • -.-'•• ¦•"¦¦¦.: ; . ¦•/•'•"•':> : - '¦:¦ '•=• -'- : '- ¦'¦¦:
James Huddart
LONDON, . ilarch l;-rJarnes , Huddart,
who carrie ¦. into prominerice>a . few'; years
ago through his endeavor to promote a
big line Pf steamships between .Canada
and England ip. cbnneciiph with the
Canadian; Pacific : Railroad,.. is dead. .: : V
:•'¦ ':¦'-. '•/•.•¦/ '' ' i'i-'» .¦ •'-.': :'« : -: ;¦.-:
:•: ./Dr. Edward A. Fessenden...
PORTLAND, Me., Feb. 28.— Dr. Edward
A. Fessenden. a well-known . physician,
swallowed ! carbolic acid by mistake to
day and died. His wife is. traveling. in
California. lie was about ;55 reax3_aC juca.
: :• Finals Immediately. .¦¦ ;.:¦:..¦;.. -
The 460 poldler;- brought tn>ni Mnnila on
;the. ;traHspor.t : -lhHiaiih: yspro -.-.ja'ii'ded ;; at' ; : thQ/
1'ivsidio; wharf -lfit^W'Hlnesdiiy aft^rtipp'ri'
: arid - wore: ¦imVncdiat ely: :f^ramiried .;-and.-.*orit,
IP' quarters thrniiKhoui th« post, Thern
werev-^nly^- rii rie:; Titter "; en sps, ; ; and:?thj8sei;
with. 175 others who .- wore found in ..nee<l ¦
of ¦ further^ofnedical /treatment. : were: sent:
•to- :tbe general hosffit. -it. Thiv rest : were
¦found'-: to.', be tit for .discharge.: and::.wer^ ;
.pent to -rtw ; Pr esld i* > :. to a wait the ma ki.nij i
.otit : -'Pt4'the'ir..-flnalv''papo'.r's.v';.\vh
quiro: .'about: a-wopkVRU
Condi t ion: of : the ;rrieri.: .returning:;: of -.-iate
f rorii: :. t He iStaricLs:- is: muo^i.betxer-thani-that
pf.thos? .'whi> ca m«( ; \hp.me : duringr Hhe'last
_yeaf; ; ;arid thus.; th<; nv;ilical ¦;(lc'partipeiA't;'.:Js^
¦(•;iabled-;tp:: handle;; the :;iarge.; numbers : -',re-. :
¦turninp: on every ..tninsport Jn ¦ a- very
short time.' /The adoption:, -'of ¦¦•'.- Vcolpni8t !i>; .
i rktfs''.vto'.."/.GaU.f.6'rriia- 1 /;will i -:'-.'.resul.t.'.: : lrt',-.' : a>.:b.lj?
Toss ;¦: of rf 1 v en u i- from : military:: traffic- to/
all the western llnr tf .
:¦.-'¦¦;. By' . ta ki ji g. ad va ri ta pr^ " p (¦¦;¦ tli(<¦'¦;''colon\*i'?i
'ratei«r the-; net/caFhTate;: which: the : Gpv^
emment \yill : have /to pay for the trans<~
pprtattori .Of /ea,ch- : soldier- from- iChlcapra'
"to. tho i : Pacific ;CoasV;will : be $19,: v. All -the.
>iuartf rrrtfistcrs :will :havo'/tP^:do/ls: ; to- ar-;
/ranjre- for:: the^ soldiers to; leaye: the; 1 : jiast
: .cn v a.:vTuepfiay;://'/' :/:-; : // : -.-:-?_'y: : . '-'/¦'..: /¦'¦; / '• /';.' ; :
; : iSevcral:. Southern Pacific pfncials;-; said
:y.este:rda.y. thnt they thought the matter
woiild^have ¦tp;;be; : ::Settlpdv ln : :;the:^EaM;;
JThejr: claim; .that.vthe-:Goverhmeht /cannpt
;;take/thfe:advantan;e;rif, the: "criionlst"- rate./
It:' is . t hoti trh t t h. e Govern m Vi n t: - wi 1 1 .: at -
tonipt :to/shii> soldiers on :¦ the: "cplontst':':
;rate^aii&: that;. the; jpase; ; will be- taken tp,
¦the courts.
Battalion: Haying
been recruited ..to : theV/strerigth/refiulred
by jaw the. \Var Department h;i.sriamed"
It < the: First': Battalion -/of :--.-thj6;:T 1 w i enty;r :
Infantfy;v;The' •••men",-areybeln : g;;-fii'r-';
nished with; outfits; as rani.dly;:ag/pQSRibl0
arid, are beinp- drilled:':. incessantly every
drt y;. in ord er t o .•' ft v t heiri ¦ for,; departure for
Manila -on' /the' -first available-, transport:
The: First;; Prpvlslonal Cavalry. -Squadron!
,1s also/ cbrhpleted: as far as numbers: are
conce'rhed- ; pui ; has. not/yet:¦.¦¦receiv.ed'-.the
lUle.ofca'cresrular :orKanlza.tlprii';C ; : v •. ;^.v
Majority pf^lien :Thai; Arrived ;bi3L In*
diana Will Bsceive Their
CONVALXSCENa?;v SOLDIERS^ ..yi />.
ARE FIT FOR DISCHARGE
This enraged the tori g arid they ofrered
a prtce for hi 8 head . ; The, hlKhbinders will
0 » n d ed "P:b>;: the; Police to-morrow
and ordered tp: leave; -.A strong body
guard now Protects the Chinese merchant
™2 ££ z^^m 1^;^^ -° n
Refuses to Pay Tribute -to the Hip
; v Sing Tong and His Life Is /: ['. ;
'.'.¦•V ..Vr V : ¦.••.' •¦¦•:'.'¦..', ':'.-.
k BAN -,, J0^ E> ' Feb - 28-Chinatown has
been filling up with halchetmen for : the
past two days,, who. It is said, have been
at tractedvby a big price placed upon the
n« i ° ?£ U kn0WI i Merchant; The po
lice in the place have been increased and
fX er K £*? tX JS. ; be Jn * mi< Je ttT^prev^n t
oodshed , The merchant and otnersiSr
his class have refused to answer the de
mand-for tribute levied by the' Hlh Sine
PRICE ON THE HEAD OF
.""-.* SAN JOSE CHINAMAN
SAN JOSE, Feb. 23.-Frederlck Be?e
row, who killed Josenh Cech and. August
Berger at the brewers' picnic here last
July, took the witness stand in his own
behalf to-day. He related the history of
the case and maintained he only killed the
men In self-defense and when he thought
his life was in danger. He made a good
impression. Begerow stated that when* he
started to leave the park with George
Schmidt, whom he ha-J placed under ar
rest, Cech and Berger followed him.
They demanded the prisoner's release and
when he refused they struck him. A club
ho drew was knocked from his hand anil
Berger and Cech both struck him. The
prisoner was taken away and the two
men kept on attacking the Constable.
Begerow's face was cut and bruised and
finally he drew his pistol and commanded
Cech and Berger to stand back. They
renewed their threats to kill the officer
and Begerow then shot Into the air as a
warning. Being closely pressed he shot
both men dead.
Leo Maloney, a 15-year-old bpy, sub
stantiated this testimony of Besrerow.
This closed the defense and argument
was then commenced. Attorney Part
ridge, special counsel for the prosecution,
made the opening argument.-
Asserts That He Killed Berger and
Cech in Self-Defense.
BEGEHOW ON THE STAND.
Davis, Flint, " Good,
LaJrd, Lardnpr, Rowell and Shortrldge^-8
Absent— Corlett, Cutter, . Muenter. Selv
age. Sims, Smith of Los Angeles and Tay
lor — 7. ,_•; -..
, The roll call pn. the bill was. as -foilpws:
¦ Ayes — Ashe,;- : ' Bettermaji.'. : .-Burtl^tt:
Byrnes. Caldwell, Currier; Curtih; ; Devlin
Greenwell. Hoey. Leavitt, : V Luchsiriger!
l,ukens. • Maggard, Nelson; Nutt, Oneal
Pace. Plunkett. Simpson, Sniith.-of Kern
Tyrrell: of Nevada. Tyrrell of Sari ; Fran-
Cisco. Welch and Wolfe— 25. • v. v..
The bill was opposed by Davis, who de
clared that the normal school in San
Franciscp was a -'useless expense', p.artlc'iir
larly In; view: of; the proximity of- the>uril- :
versity, whepf all the -normal school can
:teach is ; taught. :- -: : : " : --- ; - ; ' ¦-¦--.:' ; -""'-i-:--^ ¦¦..•¦.-.
r;fihflrtrldgo ssiid;he; wbuld ahOlishaU-tHfe
ribrmal^scho^ls litit itheipreVont one in: Sail
Jp.Fe; iandj.BeJfliaw. also, opposed: the ; bill
o.n;;the::grorurid: that there ; we ro- plenty- of
nprrnal; Scfiopli; ini thevstat"- alreaiiy; :
::.-;\Vplfe;;.;su}>i)()rted hip;; bill.^ayingf^^nie;:
school. was; dptnggefpd work and ¦that?the :
people of the city : wanted it;.: [Tesaid : 'the
lot on .wnioh Ahe ; .builOInp would.; stand
wo uld be d eeded .: to t h e St a t eV .1 1 e. ? aid- 1 he
;rpoms Jn which, ithe school : is; now lilca tod
a.re::urilit.f.or : normai sclTipol. piirppses-ahd'
werieiv' .inadequate .; to;: -' accommodate ; th«j
pupils;^n;-attendance^;SmithVo:f;:Ke;rri;'i.lab ;
spoke : for the appropriatiorii" v saylri&V : ih6:
question..: was .riot , on the. : merits- ¦ of ¦• the
school, nor^;,th$ pplicy^.:6f^Tnairitalrilng•;^t i ::
but was upon the , necessity for ¦ a new
building.: : '¦'••':: '-''.•,:.¦;:< -'". •;;': ¦ .;'•'. : '-- ' : -- ''.V-ih.
• : CALL; ::inCApQt-AiiTKRSV ; -v SAfeTiAi
>IE\KTO.; l^cb;:. SS.-^VyVjrifo's : bill '¦¦ trv ftipprb*
priate $\00,m for the «-r. ctiun of a build
ing Xor the San Franol=c<> Normal School
parsed .^thirds': reading in -the Svndte'tp
day> The^vote w>tN:25 Vay.os and: ¦$¦ rioes/;^
Opponents of. the'-Meas
ure.
Shortridg-e and I?riylsAr^ the: Chief
SENATE PASSES THE
NORMAL SCHOOL BILL
charitable; enterlalnmehts; and the eftorts
of.Vthe bewitching; little child- inuslclan
have always beeen aiipr.eciated. ': >-'.'¦. :.;-L^V
; . The select Ions, which ¦ haVe, been -chosen:
for. .little;: Irene to' : play y at: ; rhc Miieller
benefit -^are: .Gavotte, op. 129. : jJxs 3..YC:'
lleinecke);>. : . .'•AlUmleaJk" ';".".: '< qply-'0' .. .-(R,
Schumann); .(/'DesirOoiiitiea • de :Rose;*' :
valse brllliante (Joseph BerrlhKer>.. and
VTanz.v :capriee..:«p.;6<5 tPh; Schar\venka).
.. ::T.t' is a pitiful tale^ this, llfe.stciry. of th.fi.
Muellers, .and it Bhou Id." npt: require ; any
very urprpnt.appeal , tn opeiv the: . burse
strings pf : the: local music colony ;.' arid, -in-;
deed, not: alflrie- in . them but to the inany
others;>rt-ho have boerr charniM arid gladi
dpn^d: by-thf $e.. singers 1 ln- ; th<»;:years:gono
•by;is thea.upeai;made.-^ ; i"".,^ '>, : - v .-v:^ v - : -.
The two: inert lef t the house with, him,-:
!slanAo;n^aJd^ ; Andvwiaht ed '. him; tp;'g(v:into;
a saloon in tho : basement to haye a drink,
but he refused, as he had enough: liquor
already: - One. : of :tho. . men. - went
away, but ¦ aiam<in:-: held on : to the otheri
rWHoiProypd to:be.;G)i ! Bprinelli : ;-::'- '•/¦ ¦ \. ¦¦:::'.;
';'-- : ,Th':e: j-ahitor : fVenied.:all, : knowledge. .bf.thp
'iaffair an.l sa lil that he. was seized -{.b'.y-
Slampri whiU; He; was ; crossing : CJemy
:.pt'reet:: i ju>t;.ca'.-VSergea.rit«S.hea ; v^nrt ; "Polle'e>.
vman-Cppriey^^: appeared. .i.Ppllcernan: George
CpJHns ;; alsp:? appeared; on .'.'. thfl^scene ami
: they V all \; went, to ¦-: '¦> ¦ Ceary ¦street;: ; whicn;
Plai|iSn : ';pbJnte'd\6ut-\as;-,t.he'-;'p.lacft^Jli^rjR5tilk'
:had : - hired.- the '.-: room:. 1 ..There v .are; ' Vpnly
iypprkrooms ¦ahd.-offl.qps In thebulldingj.ah.d.
the ; ¦occupant isvaa; old- lad yrwho;: acca
:as3ariit : r6s>v^:: ; ;^;i : - : >.;v/:U r^
"As;. ''St.am'pn stuck : to the.Jrobbery: charge
;I*(pltceinari ; ColHr>s> tbiok ; Jiirrtiand; : C);PoiTrv:
nell tovtbe: Ilall ; of. Justice; wherev.Detec
tlve McMahpn:was;told ; the,:story::;,He; de<
cidod :to: pVit^yDpnnell: Into' the: ''tajiks'';,
pending a:rep<irt; tp Captain -Scympuryand
BlkrhPii •¦ : '-X)r.o.nii'iie'a' tpvbe on. hand ; to swear,
to a for ; Q'Doiinoirs . : arrest,
which-he did in; J»dge:;Cabanlss:..; court.
O'ijGiineli was; booked; pri: the cltarge-; pf.
¦robbery.; .The; only clrc.umstarice.:.agaln8r
him •'¦•is":^tliat whori^^.pe.artjhed he.; had $40..tTi
gold in- his: pocket, but he says ho. -.earned
rt-'ilegitiriiatelyv -. He i.\had '.-lieen intoxicated
fdr::a>we'ek.:;' ¦.:,: /¦¦¦.:-':S;'y/ ; ¦ ':-¦;¦.:'¦.'. .¦¦¦'; ":•¦'¦'•-. V'- "¦'•¦' l; vv
: ¦ Gollins^ •: spent ,; ;ye^5terday ;a f -.
ternpon with Slam&ri endeayprlngtb.io-.
cate • the room :ln ¦ which the .¦ JCapai'mafl
said- he hart been robbed, but was unsup-:
cessftii;^ Slatnpn. could not give a descrtpr
I jpii 'Qt : the. second 1 maniibut .said, heicbuld
recognize .himVlf,;;tjie: siwi h,lm. : t:.';--:-. ¦¦¦/ : y\ ;•
: Sergeant Shea run! Policeman Cooney
were. la. plain clothes at. .. Market ; and
f Jte^ ry ' • .;? tree t s abpii t "• 5 '>';- d'clpck >;ye s terday ¦
mpfning; iwlien : the> ; were ; -acepst**d - by
Slamon;: who hiirl : .hpUl\ of Joseph 'O'porl.i
nelli:: in ::a ;;kirietpscope f;-.' parlor ; 'at
m'\ Kr'iirny;.; «ftroet:;>>Sla^p : n(;;Baid'^i^at'
G'E)p.rineli •;• and another ¦¦.- man -had;. entered
a;;rapm in a hduso nri: Geary: street which
jie^feaf^ ['; rented- •. for v :th;e/::riight and (awak^^
;fehe^.liim\f r onV;his';slumbers^V:^h^
they were policemen and one: of .them
pulled;a ¦•¦piece.''. of \ paper :out- at hts: pocket
Faying it was ;iiV warrant. for. : Slaiiioh's'.iary
rest^,; ; Thioy : compelled? hirn^ip .get ; out ; cf.
b('il, : and whilp assisting; hlm : tP ptit/.pn.:hlo
: c;ipthes';slore;;$13(r;in\gold';frorn; • l his. ; po<:|fet>
:Slarnpn.sald. : ;.-,' ..'¦;-. :/:^ ::''.:'¦¦:¦.'¦'.{:/;'¦¦ -'"'''::¦:: *: ':'.
.Patrick: Slamon of Xapa, ¦¦¦-.who is tern
pprarilyMiviri'K ¦ at^UOr-Folsom; ¦ : stre'et,'Vto.'.il
tliet police a peculiar^ story early yesterday,
rnprriing of having: been\'xbbbe.d: of ;513iJ.;in
a. room ip-a/: Itrdging-'hpuse on. G6ary 'street
near'iKeafny' ..b>^:¦twb.^mehV.¦\yhp.:¦'¦re'p_reseiJt;-¦
¦jBjct-. .;thern.selyes as.:- police 6fHcers. : : : ::
Patrick Slamon Relates an
Extraordinary Story
of Theft.
NAPA MAN SAYS
HE WAS ROBBED
.¦'¦¦-. MG.^pUpugh;" -jias':^ ;bepri..: recently;, pent. : to
Diagtipan to supervise., the. schools irt that
vicinity;. -The ; other '•'.-• tea ehen?. : are.: In
.">:-.."., ;." .-.:' i;,'' : .; ; ,-'-"'-.' : ."-:'.;'o V : . •:;"." :¦'¦''.' : .'-;'.ii.'r-s-y-
,: ¦The. : 'iinpbr.i;iincfi \.-6f; .this:; new ..-measure
can 1 hardly; ; b^'-oVerestlma tod: :;it.;'rneans^
judgjhg ;Vfi^>'whatVPrpeiaejnt ;.;Wheel€r;
'say.'s'r/tha't'"Arte'ri^ ; n;.^d.eas;.;p'rihci'ples r -.,'a'rid..
iear-nlng'wiii' be sent. tp-Vonauer the:. Phil- :
ippines; that American teachers will;. as it
were! take the place.of::AmerJcari;soldlers;:
This is the hope of > the com mission; . That;
licdy has be«'n;\v(>rkS:iiK for '.'.the. complete
Anglicizirig of thc;isla;nds..v;lt,has;b:ent.lts:
ehergies toward killing Spanish-tradition
and customs : arid :; introducing ,;modern
methods and habits; : One of its principal
tasks'will be to make the fcngllsh laiiT
guage the spoken iaiiguage of -.the islandi*;
To this eml tli^cUll Jfbr;JOOO;^oung^Ajneri;-/
cans-wiirbesf-nt. out;.:'^y..--.v ".;•.::;¦:.:.:¦':.• ¦ ¦
' : The commissiuit . commenced; trie .work, of
Anglicizing s!o\vb-,: : a;; fow?teachers; w,er«.
sent for and •American/ school methods
introduced. 1 n this way. hew -ideas ;were
brpught •gra.'Vually a nd oarefvilly.': before a.
:Btra;nge and Kerit'riilJy hostile people. The
commtsshiiv no\v evirlf'Titly fcelsrit. Fafe.for.
a^whplesaie Fprphdlng of American learnf
ing^-safo f rom t ho. standpoint • -that ' ; -the '¦¦
natives will: receive' it-as it .\is; given; and
safefrom tho .standpoint, that peace is.be
comlng:gorirral.; : .: ;i:V:. .' ;
? ;Univerplty Kra/luates-wllVvpfy.cpur?fi.:,be
giveri nKst t'hoice: They . will . be called
f rom all the rolTepos: in t his country. Call
forniii w'.il receive its full; quota.; of;: :apy
polritment s: in : the .new; ¦. field,-" fis "¦ will :;all'
the/ ; ; \yestcr|i': : institutlpris; ; .of: : '; learning.;.
both :sext-s will, be!: ellglble-tb
the position 15 .
v/Kighf teachers and one assistant :super-:.
intfndent: from 1^^ the.I'niversity.bfGSiiforf
hia:arc aireaiiy at ;v.-<ork .in the: PhUipptnes.;
.Drvipavid -P. 'Harrows- who graduated/in'
:lR93;^ls^ :s)j!M'ri!HoiV(lent;.:::TheVt.eachefs;:are
' Maxwell MoC'ollnuKli of Irvingtpn; ;firrtfst
\V.(>liv>r of I,ns Angolas, Miss Anna-yJ.'.
vXoalo f)f Ran DU'go. Alice, McFarme.r
pf';I^s' ; :iA.rtgflf«^.f>M ss :^ 0 J sp I ) hlne v },l.^Boyir:
;p'jrrSartv i Fr.anlclsco;.':"'AIiss:;iMlniile\:,IIppkins
;6f;:;;6akla;ri4, : -;^Iip.« : Catherine -Smith -of
Cloverclale aril Miss : ilary : Norton; 6f Sari
"Francisco.
'¦'.: BERIC]EIiEX; ;Ffib;;; 2S,—ThrouBh;,.a>,prli
vate source from: the: phiUppine:- GominiS-
Bion President .^Wheeler; M . : %h.e ,U.nlyer|sity
of Caiiforniai' has "received word of an im-.
;portant
'cation ; lii .-the! • thjllp : p.i¦rlesV¦/.The:¦^;om^J•issi6¦n¦
¦has passed; an^^ ¦educatibnial .bllj ¦ which, pro-'
tVaPheria i arid .!ten^Americaix.diyUipn s.uper'f.
:iKtendents/to^sery.e;iri, the; : islahdsU', v l j : .:. ;'
Commission .. iPassea ; ; .ati "; important
Educational Bill Which Means : ¦¦¦'
. ' ¦¦'¦'> Compiet^:A'ngflicizing/-o|-'.::\v>.';.-_
•' ' -' : ' c • ¦ tlie ; Islands^ [¦;-~^;: :^ '.'
6ne:Tipusand^«nqahs:to
¦ Spread^WeSt«^n^
ing. in the East.
TEACHERS CALLED
TO PHILIPPINES
J^eti r jit g j utarit J>H;Riley of Oscar F.L^
v Garrison Presented With Gold Badge;
yi^jy ETIRING j James' /'.Hi:
•"' I 03 P^y" 0^ ;.Oscar'-- ; F;vt<JflE ;Garr-!V
R%^ iSon? Nio; ,10V. rCt ;-.the : " Resular- an/I
JLl.^^: Volunteer : Army : ,ana; rsaVy "Union
V':;^^ : -rv6.f : .tlie;-.ynIted;5t'ai«i\^.^
by ..his ..co m ra'(3 es : . a t the; ;; .r'esula ry_ me.^tl ng
of his .post .on; last :Tuesda^-,niEht;atV the:
Alcatraz building by. the ¦.presentation of a
gbld.^adge:of : t^*tG^VV-'^>^'^' v -- :: '---' ;;; -- : --'
. , Jafne's IJ;\ Rll.ey's repord 1$ :pn©;: tfia|-^.hy ¦
¦Arnericaii : cjt(zen<: imight'.b'e.- pfoud'of.-.-He
•joined •-¦'the. rriavjV:ift.l'853/.andiv^'^\'a|tei£rned'
to the ••;of . ' wari." :.fr6m
which' ;ve^sel, he -was.' .tiarisfefrcd. /fp. the'
frjg-ate.: SAbiriOv \epm'rta;hdear : ]b : y-; v Admir'al
Sh.u.brick. ; . ; .bn' 't'hls ;^.shib; .h'e..;r.emalned-u'nt'I i
¦lSfil.swhen;.- he was :tran&f»jr.re.d'..to' the .gun.
boat .Varonai. under iCaptain : Rogg-s. • It
wag on :• this vessel ¦ .that -. Rfliey ... distin ••'.
gulshed himself, .volunteering, 'with.v.six
others to flsh up the ctiain. ; which-the..-re.b-'':
t'ls had- planted- across/the-river'frpm; Fort
Phjjip. to. .Fort Jackspn'. for- the purpps.j
of •preventing Adrhira:i .. Farragut .from
going' up i ; the i--r.iver.^^'tp-'^pstrby' their •forti-r
licatiphs:: °. ¦¦..-¦¦-'/.;¦• : ..-' ¦'.¦•:;¦.'¦¦ '••¦¦•.•.•V-v' '••'•'•¦¦;:
".; 'The : .Varpna ¦ • was : :p.' tefward - stink, by
the .rebel' ram. Arkansas'., "at-.. Chalmetta
Fort , 'six miles below -New Orleans, . a n?l
the- sreater.:.pPrtlpn : ;.Pf -the. officers '.. and
crew -were' tost:.-: Riley.;; With' some. -.ofhe'fsv.
was picked -up^by- the gunboat- ©r.cida.- ami :
taken -..to '-' another... ship,', where, he .served
'¦U;ntll-^^ : r'-when-;he;--was'\discliarg^;-%.ith:
honors frpm "the; navy..? •' •¦¦¦?¦..- ¦: ... i :'. 1 ¦'.¦.¦ .: -- :
:V : Upon "''.qviittiris :; '-the' iiavy; "Riley : at. once
joined thiv army; enlisting in. the- Sixtyr
fPurth New. : York GaX-alry;: with; which he
re'mained-fo.r: .threoVyears.:' Not yet tired
of 'serving Uncle Samhe r.e-enllsted In the
;F6^¦^th¦¦/-GaV.alry:^a«Jd¦?>•aa:^ r ¦'.^ftss I l : g : •ne¦d..; to
Company' ~B- und<M- 'J» ntain l.nw.ton;.re
cen.tly..kllleii in the. Philippine JIalandS.,..- : ;
HERO OF THE CIVIL WAR
HONORED BY VETERANS
THE SAIf rEANCISCO CALL, FElDAr, aiAllCH 1, 190].
Jacob Mueller, Pioneer Artist, Will Receivis
Substantial Help in Days of Misfortune-s
MUSICAL PEOPLE ANSWER
NOBLY TO CALL FOR AID
VETERAN QFV NAVY / AND THE
;AR>IY IIONORED; BY CbM
;;:RADES.">: ¦¦' '• '{- ' •¦:•¦? -i- : \ J -l'S] ' : r <:
STOCKTON;:- -Feb v /2S:-^J^
217 Bl'pbm. street* I^os Angeles, ;was:picked
up hear the railroad: track two miles' north.
of thejclty tp-night. ina -dying condition.
He-^as ¦4hrp^"n--;ff0m:.tfte.\n6rthbpnn*:jja5-'.
senger; train .'••hy some pne,;but the -'ftiuinqr*
)ti^s^hay^'..b^'ien/--unkb3fl^t6i:dia:cpyer;-;wlio'-I.t
was "or h6w;theV trouble •'oceurredi: .'The
niari ¦/ Is .--" Internally: Injured, his: lef t- Shoul
der is .broken and his back is injured. The
doct^rs^ayiWatson, cannot' .llyei--. : '.V;.--"-.-' : !•'-./¦
THEOWN : : FROM TRAIN.
JV The at tack ; on. Mrs./ Buchanan js the lat
est of ;a. series of. crimes : In the/ past, few:
diayS^ln which; negroes; have i robbed white
women and escaped.
:: :Mts± .Buchanan was compelled at the
point ¦ of a pistol/^lield; by-^- negf p; ./who
stealthily entered the house iwheii stie.was
:iaJpnei';.'.to?-gIveV'.Mrt.-.Tier- : iJurse:-'C!bintalnlng
*>.' -, ".The ; ; negro ; then, •¦¦conjman.ded Mrs.V
Buchanan to cook, breakfast, for hlmVand
whilie .-she^^,w.asve^¦5$|reiM•P•¦¦¦:t^'l?^!h e ¦.vstp.p^^¦¦
/wH^;;hIs^pts;t.ol-- : c;anstantly'viK(iht^; ; .it;herL : .
WV-f.t.er/-tha :^ipo!a-';-'h'4td-V;been :i . placed on: the
'table; , the- ¦ negro -seized .Mrs.-.Buchanan
,^aV*qyn(d;'-:he;r;:;tp\ ';i;Vbedstead.:";iIe;:.then'- :
iite/ frte/fcreakf ast.;.::; /;.:<: ; : --r_ :;--/V^
:••• \Vhen 'h6;had Tinished he : gathered; some •
pap^r: arid,' placing it:Uhder:MrSi'.BucHanv^
an—set , fire; to. ft: iMrs, Buchanin kicked
the fire away, but the negro threateningly
told/her. not, to do so again,; and replaced
the ¦ flrei ; which was 'npw blailng : -vigor-.
'Q^sl^uniaer-.hts-AictirtlViT^^V-neg'itt-'ltnen;
qwlckly, rinfriim the roonVj and jumping:
through- a /rear window;' escaped- : : ¦¦
. ¦¦ Mrs, -Buchanan again /kicked the burn
ing: .niasiSv. :from^ herv. and-'by v severely
¦AY.rrn!&WnB:-;h«r.^ ; wristsoim.naged-Jto' i "V'fre«.
herself;-;. She- ran' to -the. front -door of- thj»
: houSe/and ¦ by her. screa ins attra.cted sev- :
eral persons;, who a ssfSt.e.d her lit extiri- :
putsthing:.th:e.flarries before they had ob
tained ;iriuch . headway; .-•:' Mrs. .Buchanan
.tV»T#j;:--wHaj":ha3A.hapipen'^;r4fld/":'alnta»st:.''lm^
jr.edlatelyrekips-ed into a. state of; extreme
.ri.eiyqusne.«$ and was'. unable -to. tell: any
jthlniB^further; than:;to,;glyfe i brief, de-^
*>?r
v;';;The;e ; nttreV;detectiv«v forced with vth&'as
sJstancQ ;6i:. several ; ' policemen- and iblood
:. hounds, is looking: for ; the negro. : ;: Three!
: negroes i;i f already, und^r : arrest .as^sus.
;pecj;3;;; /.' nbppX Mrs. /;BuchananV;re^
lapsed ihto a cpmatpse state and has been
:unftble :/«iven / to recognize: her :' friends
afisund her; bedsldey; : : /:::;: ;: -
Buchanan,:; vfl fe '-.. of • a weir-known jeweler
living- lit .tJift '¦¦ :h&ar.tv:p ; f. a. prominent ::r ; e3t*
:dehieg: &f /the; Miy, :and ywlthln :two
liloeks of the .'Governors^ roanslori; %ks tne
victim to-da y of an outrage which haa
ciusodniuch^^^excHenient in .Atlanta^. -Iler
cohdHIpn^tp^nightik^crlticalv ' : . . ; / : :/. ¦
Negro Fiendishly Attacks a
Jeweltr's Wife in a
Georgia City.
9
THE DAY'S DEAD.
' "" MARCH 3, 190L
I i
THE GREAT STORY,
"The
/Eighth ;
||p Command*
ment."
A DETECTIVE 8T0RY BY
Mrs. Leslie Carter
;, ' ' .Written Specially for '.*
THE SUNDAY CALL
..:¦ And. Will Appear In No Other Paper in America. ¦ :THE S^N :^
10
t CLAHIVOYAXTS.
l';M?is^liaSLVHrL7!^vti^klio^^
j-. ;; reailer. -., 11 .'eth;. Germ'aivsjYok?.n':.'t«:.l';ilo>va-r4 : J'-»*6?.'-.
I'M MH. fCHAFFEK. o!aiM»>an; . .ml reader;
J;;.:;i5iitinK/:uftHy.:; '44sii : .if^piv>>t, : ; : iir>t;'-;»ii:.&\6thV;'
i.'XrR'S.'v.Ii;- '.¦I?AL'AI : AN,^tiit»' .w»ii-kn.i-.v:\,'roFibnd- ; :
r. teller, lias rein. >\*=<1 to "22 KiUly . Ft.'." '¦".: :'¦-.'.'¦; '¦' ' '; '¦¦
¦ MMEv- .Al^GT.:st, ( !a ir.voyg nt. ' card; reader- and ¦ '
¦ ¦'/.palmlstrj-r.tr'ut.h .pr.no; jSa.-j' ; 2jc, : 11 ':>'. Mission:' ¦
'/¦ MME. 1 5 A V K X X -A . Tr i.'.il s' life fl'iJen tl y. : business - '
y;i(d.<'icf:'.r.»tn>».glv»n; : :;3e;iip^ : ;5.Folirth.. : st/.':-'
i c A up vyv ¦. ; : ivis at i x ti ':. a xb; '•' c his a.\ in 6^ ¦
"-•WHEN", you'becorrie .discufi^ir with iinnr' 'work' ¦
} ".' ¦"¦¦.'Send to : >1U1'L1'IX' ".. :'-S-.' I'Uinfer : Cariif-t-BeatV
j; : '-:ln"g -WgrV-.s, Sij-S.";? :Tf!ra«'.r:si. ; tfl.; .^outh 4<i.'.
i : CA Tl P.ETJ5 : ; clea nVd at ; Zv- re r . 'yard , • la id; at: ic: : :
K'":' ;STRAT:TpN - S,; S yKiirJiith : st;- r : -i; ; .5i^s:ip;^4i. : :;-; :
J. ! E. -M-ITCHE-Lriv- Car.R?t--Cfntjn^': anilHi'no-
';. .vvating Co.. 2.10 .F^ni'rt"' 'nth : ?t. : icl. "•¦MiFsrpTn-. J4i." ¦"
; A DVANCIv V*riri)^t'-»-'l.T ( h'it!V- « 'o. ./ 4"2."P iit.t -r : st.'; '
I :. ; '.let,-. Main 304.; GK0, XV/il^d : )>t," ; T'rbprlelpf/y .
| ; -CC)XIvLi-N':?'-.<" - rir)-ft-l>a : f:i:';T \\'"rVrti'<.-;S3S;"< '.oia-it/' ¦¦
j"- Gate aye. : tolei.iicrb :Eart l-2'l. . : ; :.¦ :'¦¦.¦;¦; : .¦¦:""¦¦ : ¦;
CinUOl'ODI-STS.
CORNS, .buninns, inrrran- r.ai's,; wnrts.'v.cWl^
'..". blalns; iniink-ss euro. ;1 >r. Ixnu-ari.; 41S. Sutte.r.- :
collcctiox nrriCEs.
i GEORGE WJ KELLY'S .\RPivf--Nn xliarsf un- :
. le?.« succesrlul>: Uoom : 31Q. .1'JT Market '»t,' :\ .'¦
! cottac;l:s to let.
['REStOENCE:: furnHirre ' : ff>r;' :'
: »lc ; : chc;io: a nU K:; y- w ilit' : k- ru! tsige -.' to- let: ¦ ¦.
j "IaVjulre .from ?. a.: m. -tul .2.rf-::n, 1.719 Bu- -
| . : clianaii Eti. '. between Post :art<i >ihipf. '.' ¦'¦'•• -. :
) COTTAGE: 'it 6. .foniiis vVybrdv'c'MlAr:;"J9;-"".A.ppiy:
iyl'-l? I»mbnrd St.. nenr Hyde.
(.BUNNy/.:4 jnpms. yard,' jiO.r;iriterfr^ ¦ 6'Rln- .
f>-;.cOn.-aVe.;:'. key: -62v! ; ' Hecoml- -Ft':'., ",-. : - ' "¦.'¦¦:¦ .-'¦ ':'"¦:'¦
i IJEXTISTS.
I ALBA r>ehtlKt<; if; I^cv.-f-H -.street.-Toom -3SE:":"" -',•¦'.' ",
I ¦ :.'¦¦ Painless extractf..n; --'j(—. silyer* fill ings,-, 23c.;' - ;
j'. gold and ;. platinum .filling '••|l.-.-'rol<t crOwtis.,' '¦$$;'¦¦ ¦
!• ..p'orcelairi .crp'wrts-,'..' J4;'- bridges', .per; ;.tQq<.h:;;'i4;". .
pet! teeth., mounted en rubber^' T'W.O;.' wefbaye" : -
. "no. ups;: for th'<«e prlc.es, we. guarantee to- u'-se";
|-'- : : the best Tn&tertal rnphey-' can .puy; ".-w'e : give .
•¦'.-; you .-.a". writtf'Ti "¦ giiarantYe .-tw. refund your
¦: nioiieyanj-.tlme .not- Fatlsfied 'r;?leyator;' .
.AT/the.EL3CeTRO^DENf'A : L:OCLINIC;- : 80^;MaK
; -. ket >.t.; cor:'. 4th.. . ".rn*.'.7» :.F(ood' -bldB;";. you -can
¦have .your e'xtractii'nF done -painlessly ; '-teeth"
.'".'-. without. - plates ..our; specialty ;• gold crowns.-. ¦
.$3'&0 up; plates,, extractions free,. 54 50 -up;- of-
fice hours, 9 a. ni: to !10 p. m. : SundavBi 9 to 2
. pVm. J. Wi TH ATCHER /. M. P.. Manager.
A— DISCOCNTjaf 21': percent for 30 days on all
plites. crowns- and. brlilgfrwork. ; See our new-
unbreakable plate> the Rose Pearl, warranted ..
for 20 years;. crowns', $150; fillings, 50o; plates?
$), full set; &11 work painless and warranted. •• •
. Chicago Denial Parlors. 2t Sixth St. ; . . ,; ¦ ;
EIGHT prizeB^ 'for .best -crqwnsi'. plate?, bridges '
and nillnrs;:.extractit)ns : or Jillinga by •'•my •
wonderful secret,; pa.inle ?s methed ; 20 year's' ..
experience: ho sttiilents; r'advice free; prices, .
.cheapest and guaranteed; .lady attendants. ..¦
;DR. GEORGE AV. LEEK. 2a,O'Farrfll.gt. .; ' . .
DR. LUDLUM IIILlJ.. 1443 ilarket, nr. Eleventh' .
;; —Nn charge for extractitVEr-when'- platen are ¦ ;
made; old rl3tes inade over-' Hkelnew; treth I
. Trcrn $5 per .Eet;extract.ir!g..' : |Qci'Kas given.'".. ' '
THE New .Ytr!< ¦I>snti.stJi.. have moved to- 96'? ¦¦
¦ :iIi£sloT».st..'cor. Sixth:- "Consult .us p. h crowns :
¦' and brlds-eB: .difHcwlt' -plate- work: solicited ;.':.:;
, ' positive- ,paihIfsB extraction,: :gfc;'' .:.- :¦ ¦.;.:¦; ",; ';
PARIS Dental Parlor, .22'J KpartiV;': cor^ BushV- ..
.Full set' of .teeth,; il;, crowns. ??.; :fljllilga,: g^, •
DrLrX7waL.SH. Si5^i! Geary, nr.'l^arkih-^Palr-- •
¦ Jess, extraction J0c.;plat-es;'$ : . ! ) iip:rihone Polk Ug;3>. ;
:JDtli-JJ,':Q'. tRUEMAN;.'.0entift, third floor.kx-- : \
am.tner building; formerly jn Murphy bldp;. .. .:
VAN- VROOM^'Talnless" ; ¦ evenings and Sun-: :
"days. 1C01 Market St.. corner Sixth.. -'.'¦:,.:.¦
SET of teeth without D'atcs. DR. II. G. I
YOUNG. 1211 Polk St.: ¦ |
DRESSMAKGKS AXD SnAMSTRESSES
ACCORDEON pleatine; country orders prompt . •
attention. 121 Pest, over O'Connor "& Mofratt. ¦
'•¦-; '";¦ ' : ;•¦ " ; KIJt7CATIONAi;, r ;"". :;.¦. ..'...."•'. - :
E\ r ErCING~SCHOOI-«, S?~F\~BUSINESS. COL^: i
LEGE, 123G Market st.; Individual ..Instruutian .
[In bookkeepingr, shorthand, Enprllsh/liranches;
civil service coaching; tuition $5 :: rnontH.' •'¦ "
AI/l/ students but two taking full cot:rse this
year positions. SAN FRANCISCO BUSl- i
NESS COLLEGE, 1236 Market Pt. ,. = .
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day.
and evening; $S per month; $30 life scholarship
guarantees a complete business education, ¦ in--
oludinp the commercial and shorthand coures;
telecraphy, penmanship, etc.; positlorii se-
cured for graduates; catalogue.
WANTED— An offlee bey to work 2 hours daily
in exchange tuition. Ayres Business College.
GALLTvGHEIVMATiSHCollege. Parrott bldp.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F. !
(JallaehT, expert court reporter, teacher of
Fhorthand: reportoriftl phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, SoO; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 21 Post St., ,
S. F.— Bookkeeping, Fhorthand, typing, lan-
Rtiapes, telegraphy, English branches, civ|l,
electrical and mining englneorlnff. etc.; day '
and night seFsIons: new SO-pag? catalogue free.
A — THE LYCEUM, nn accredited preparatory
ech<jol for tte university, law and medicnl
colleges; referrnces/'Prc!>ldpnt Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan buildinK.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by -written contract and ,
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its sraduatoa. 305 I*a rkin St..
TEACHER for children: piano 'or violin: BOo
.half-hour lessons at pupil's home. Box 192S,
Call. s ..
MERRILL-MILLER College, fhorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg. ; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting- beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeepinrr: -figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acet., 220 Parrott bldg.'
ENGINEERING, civil, elec. mining. mech.,sur-
vev. away, cvanlde. arch.: day. eve.; est. 1S64
VAN PER NAILLEN SCHOOL, 933 Market.
ITALIAN nnd French lessons, practical meth-
od, by a lady teacher. Address box 2031. Call.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris: violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. IOCS Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. fith.
COACIHNG in high school (mathematics a rpe-
clalty; simple methods; successful. 3040 16th.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class., 424 Pine st.
EVIM.oVMiiX'l' OITJCKS. '¦'."[
JAPANESE Employment '.Office and Hous«v-
cleaning; Co., ben help; >end men at short
:•¦; rotlce. H"» Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 239t
A — UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. Office— Best
help furn.; domestic ..servants: work executed
. with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE and Chinese heJp of all kinds ;¦
¦cooks, waiters and- ' house servants. tQKCi-i - ='•
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post st.: : tel. Bush 135. ', :
JAPANEPE .central houRs-cleariing-- "& emplov- '
; ment; all kinds help. 3 0<€ Sutter; tel. East 20"l
JAPANESE . and Chinese employment 'office
.: Besthelp. -526 O'Farrell Et> ; tel." : Hyde 2191. t j
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all' kinds help.". 315 Stockton;' Main 51S8.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office; Chinese^ Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
ORPHEUM Employment. Offlce— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel Black 507J.
CHINESE and * Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 411ft O'Farrell at.; tel. East 426..
'.'¦?'¦ .A' ¦ • i ... ; ¦ " ¦ " ¦
.•¦;.•'•- HELP .; WASTED- -FE3IALE.^j\.
AT C. R. HANSEN &.CO.'S:. Phone Grant 135
..;.:v."..;vi.'f.; : ;HOTEL-. pEPARTMEN-p. V,;..';.i r -;
• "2 " waitresses. :" Institution," room, ".board ; . and
*• washlnSii' $2(. v ; -2 waitressesi • country - .hotel,
.$22;50.ind. fare here;, 2 waitresses; short dls-
.' •.•tahe'e,'.' to .'start .to-night, • >20;. waitress,; Ix?3
. Anpsile?? $20 and free.. fare : 1Q .waitresses, city,
¦ . $20:-.chamb^rrnaiii; : citj', $1S; • cleaner, instltu-
: .' lion, ; $20,: .room,- board-, and '•..'washing ;' 2 . wait-
• rcsscs;: .^23'.'- short distance' <. .". ii/. '.i'..i'. i .'.?«-'•:
• '•^.vi^UyKAMlLr 'DEPARTMENT ...•.'..; J-.-",
-'.'-. Cook, ' 'America h; f amUr. ; see. • party here • .pe.f ¦
;". t^.een. 1D:3(V and 11 to-day;', houseiglrls, ¦'. second
s^.girls^;;: nut¥°sirls.<"H>'. and 'tountryvw, ;•••>>--;
1 i. II.ANS.EN .*; «"0 104 Geary st.
VTH.REE.'.wnI"tre5se.s';for' : Siturdaj:'ev.eriln^^
¦ ¦' cold -spron.i; Jl Mtacb.:- C. :R.' HANSEN &
CO.. 101 Ueary st.. : . ..
¦ : BRlGIlT,;. smart- busi-riess.-; Voman ; .'for'. this: of-
' '-¦•fi.Ce; :;on<3- \yho; his had / experience 1 .in. art;, cm-
vriov.iTient -office ' preferred: ...e:'. it ; ¦IIj.VNSEN:
<<i- Cl '.. I'"". Geary ft.
'MRS^ ;ii.>;K; I?Aif MAIN/ I5"i;
:¦:¦¦ :'.,;"--.-'.- v i 'r: ;; -: : -;. -"-.V.'v. "
/;. Waitresses.;.: large-'-corhrnerciil-'. hotel. • $22.59,"
: :;full'- sf are.^advanced,-'-' half -fare" paidi- : 2-:Tvait^
.: reuses;' -.near- city; f?^:\ s .wfij.tr?s.-ie?. flrst-'Class
.-'•' cornmerclal hc.teiff;-. $29;:: 3V waitresses, ".new ho-;
¦Jte.lv'.clfy,' |20r-r>;' Avaitres'seiV: tUy:- hotels,: $20;'. ,2
¦ restaurant- waitresses.'"- ??. 'Wfek;: 4 chamber.-
';" maids- fo. "writ. dinnpr; • J20:"' " :¦'¦'¦::¦'': ¦:'¦ ..¦••¦.¦.. ;
¦;"--:-v";.' : ". ; - : .f.am;ily.-' pEPA'rmiEXT; -. ;.¦¦¦¦'-'¦'¦:: y
' 'Cook;-. American, family;'- J30i 2 'cooks, .Jewish
;.- family. ;$23;. .cooks- and. hpuseglrls,'. J1.5' to- $23.; 2
.' second girls;.. J20; young- -upstairs girl. $13.. • .
¦ ¦. ".:,.V ¦MH3:.M t E.';p;VY-&'CO.,:333 Geary.-sU". :
FI RST'^CLASS "." ]'aundres>i" : " private • American"
'.." family; :.$35:--.MfiS.:'L'"AMBERT\;;4iaVPo'yrelt'>t.:
W A NTS r>r^Sa 1 es] a d i es" for- ihiljine.ry-.and..cicak :
.d^pairtrn'ents;. state- nfre. ' experience. -arid e&\-
;¦; -. ary . expegt.eJ: '¦ : A pply .-'. bpx ; . lj>92;- Call.-qfflce.-. •' .'
-MAID : and. seamstress; with • flrst-clags . ref er-
.'..encp's,' ..•¦Apply' -Fridays and .'froin.' 10
.':":: a/ ! m...tp;12 .m~:'at ' ASW Jackso'n'-s.t." "'.;. ¦'¦ ¦ •:•¦"• ".--;
WAXTED^Glrl: or ¦'.elderly^^ : -.womari ; :to : do light
¦ hou so work' Jn. . co.un 1 1 y ;. two. ' I n f rt m I l'y ;' wages
.y$12: : ¦74i;;O'Fafr;;ll st. j. call .between 9 : kn(lL-;l2:
.'¦-WA.N:t"E.I>T:Hrlirht-".ne a tV
'"¦' .stand, few.: hotirs daily. '-.Apply after 9.: a.'- m."
". a t.' :Bay ; Cl ty- -Market.- 113S ¦ Market, .'at. .' -. " ¦;¦ :¦ .. : ..
;^'A$CTEp~A^wJ^^rlen^C^P^M^«W*"'«
."-.'Jlmlted' number 1 ' for: .instruction..'; -.. Standard
'¦: Shirt. .Factory;". Qough'.- and 'Grove '.stsi •:.¦ :..-.
Yt'l'N.d :cirl: to take care baby. i<i2!> :Goldfen
. ;. Gate ave. ;.' .call: niorninff/ ¦'[-;' ¦-"' "¦'¦-.'¦s'-.'.'.'.r ' '•" ;.'
GIRL., yrtip:. iinacrPtands '.'rnassag"e. and : to . assist
¦': itf .fr-ouse'w.frrfc^ ". ,13S^ : Twelf th v .st:- •:' :c: : ¦ " .;¦
GIRiV Vfbr:-- general ".ihousfwc-rK; small . family i
.; :r<!fe"rence9; ¦'¦¦; Call; this "imoTnlflg, 'SOI? -E>e\:lFacl.ero,"
GIJRL operator, oh custom con t?;:' steady; v.-orfc
-:, .S:'.--.. :!-.-' r- ¦ .;.; • -.CV.
CltftTGM: shirt:; operatOrs-: : and:;nnIsriers:-.vn.;Ve;<
•• JIKO.i-:it-,/:J3J4: Market ;fct J( ..opposite; Seventh.
WANT;EP 'at ¦¦'^p^*'ir';'exh'erie!nced.'--|ad'K^o;.aiet.
.; a8:BReclal agptlt v ;313;rarron buil'llhR.;. : •:.
'BRiQH'T>;yo.ung : ';.giri:.;'for Khobti.ng: Eal!«-ry.;- ! j5i5'.
r ;paclnc:st:;^Eood^waBc^V;:: . ; : ': : .;-'; : '--\ ':¦"':¦': ':;'i:\'.'.~"; " ; :
'.WOMAN' -pr; rlri for.:gpheral : housewbrk " ahi
¦.¦•'.ca.rtv - o"f : t"wa4>hlMren',"";-.-252a'',M.lS8t6h''.'gt;-'.'; '¦"':¦ ? \::'v
GmL"::for.' general housewoTlcV. -Call: betwcWn'; 9'
..and 11. : ;C43 iiryant St., n»ai- Twentyfflfih;.:;
WAN v T.Ep-rA;.waltr.ess.' ib.: : restaura"nt; : m:Tura
>' &{reeC> ..v • ;. .-..- '¦^¦'¦~~y/:'- • .¦' '. •'.-.•¦ .'¦ ¦.¦::
"LA"pIES.tp.. : leerri : a; trade, and. be Independent;
.barber v'.iade." taught- In: eight weeks; haJrr
¦ drefBliiR: In four: weeks; catalbgiie mailed free;.
: :mOLER'S :Barber ..and ilairdresslns College,
;-=JJ35" r .qiay-it.-"-' ¦--•;:; : . : ;' <^p~-;-y/ \ \.'-;:V : ; .- : ' ; -;,'
: WAN>TiEt^ttirls' :to : ;sew: shirtis;\.good ; class of
: \V6rk; good pay; steady employment. Kuaran-
. teed. Apply .The L. ;ELKUS CO.. 29 and. 31
:;'15a.ttery-st./ •' : ••"•" :':- : ; ;'•'••.¦¦"..'.•¦ •'" ' : '. .-"'•" ¦:¦. ¦¦ ': :¦'
YOUNG' German girl . for: general housework:
Plehse.call C09 Stockton;sti ... •• •.:;.¦".¦
EXPERIENCED operators' on e!lk waists can
make $10 per week. LIVINGSTON Mfg Cq:^
220 B«sh st.;. :¦:-.¦¦¦:,;;'. ¦ ¦'. > ? : .':: ; -"::
A YOUNG ::girl. to assist with second, work:
1072 Ellis St.. near. Gough:.-. .. . .-¦ ¦;¦¦..';'.-:
WANTED— Neat hurseglrl,. cire .2 children;
references. 527 Baker st. .-; ' . .' ¦ . "•'.:•; .- : '
EXPERIENCED operators- on : ladles' • ••' cottoii
shirtwaists. BAUER BROS. CO.. 21..SansoTne,
SCANDINAVIAN girl: boarding-house cook. •
NELSON'S, Oregon st., : near Drumm; : . ;
GERMAN girl: general housework; small fam-
ill-; wages $20. 1904 Broadway. ; . ; • ; : . '
AN experienced apprentice girl to work on fine
custom cents. 234 Kearny St., room -i>, ..-¦¦:
FIR?T-CLASS, up-to-date woman cook'wases
good; some work. 13S" Alice St.. Oakland; . ¦
WAXTED^-A Swiss or German girl for Beneral
. housework. Ct't. Commercial st. . ;' •¦:;. : "
FIRST-CLASS ladles' hairdressers and veritila-
tors. 40 Geary st. . ; /
OPERATORS on .ladies' underwear '¦'.*<> : work .
In- factory,. 723 Market st.. room S3. . ;: :. : y-\
CLASSIFIED advertisement" and subVirJptioris
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Filln-.pre st..
' A BRANCH office for Call advertlsemisnts : anJ;
rubscrlntlons lias 'been t-stabHahed; at ; 103$
Va'pnria at. ___-^\- . •.;..;;;:: .;
¦ ''\ V HEIJ1' AVAXT^D — MALE;./ -V^.^
a~T:; ,".v.. : . .¦-•'.". ;-.~.v.rr?rrr:~.".
...ii... "..,.". .- SPEGIAl<.>;.w.v..^.;,i.;,.v
.. AVanted '¦ .this .. morni'iis;, between " -7 arid ' 8
o'clock," :20 teamEters. and laborers : tar . the
; Coast .Road, with blankets fr^ady ;¦ to, go', on;
train; = verular wates: free 7«ro r libth ways.
C. R. HANSEN & COi:;lb4. Geary rt, ; : ,
-VT C. R. HANSEN & .CO.-s: . ;Ph<in« Grant 1V5
.: i. ;;..:... ..;. KAII^OAD WOKIC.::,;.;;.;^;.;;;
. '• Flee fare ...r...... ;./.". ..:,...,;;.;.... f ree fare :
••25 teamsters for Nevada; shiptp-day....-.';. ;¦.',"¦;
CO laborers, railroad . work../-^.::, : 'i.i;vi.;,-..'J;'...-. ;.;.'; : :
20 tunhelmon. bigtunnel. Chatpw'orth l'arlc... :
2 tool sharpeners for' big tunnel. Chatswpfth
Park..., .....j; 50 a. day
Free .fire...:. .^.. ;....-.;..;.w;, i ,Vi.;.i.;.fr;ee: f?re;
. Colored coal miners, married and single- fie'st
¦of wages; free fare; apply: by phone,, wire or
•'letter or call In ! person.:. ;>'-- ; -"--.>>'"V,V>,,V:i.^»
Vegetable gardener, $30 and found, See-boss
here;*2 Swiss milkers. $3a.v;;V^.i^.: ; ;^.;.i.U..
HOTEL DEPARTMENT:
. Cook and. wife for 33 men." country 'sawmill,
$~0i second ; cook, hotel. : $66;; fry; cook.; $50;
broiler, ICO; sec'ond. cook and <Jo; pastry:,: coun-
try hotel, $15; oystermart; $15:. washer, .hand
' laundrj'. country hotel, ¦ J3C*. ¦; fare advanced:'
..icalie baker, country. JJQj bellboys, jl&.jind
'¦'. $15; waiters, $30, $32 CO and JSj;. C. B. II AN-
.- SEN & CO.. 104 Geary £t; : ¦;;;:;:; j '.' .- J ,j;: ';-
AN offlce man with a strong- voice as cleric
lor this office; J30 to ,'3j. ; C. R. : JIANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st. •'.'•r. ''•'¦ ¦'•¦'• : ' •••¦'
A— MURRAY & READY: li... Phone Malii 5313
..Loading Employment-. and: I>abor. Agents.;
.."White male help of- all kinds furnished'. '.:
- FREE OF CHARGE TO .....;..>...
Every Employer, qf Help ".;;;..i;;.'
No syndicate too large, -no flrm too small for
us to supply. No objection- to/ distance.- '.We
ship good help to all parts : of the. world; IV. 1.
Employers of help: Phone," telegraph, write,
or call in person and procure your help' from
MURRAY & READY :.,..v... .........;.. ;
We gave employment " "... . : '¦•¦ .
In 1897 to upward- of 1T.0M men.
In= 1898 to upward" of 13,000 men.
In 1899 to upward of 21,000 men.
In 1900 to upward of 35,000 men.
MURRAY & READY. C34-6C6 Clay st.
A— HELP WANTED... ..AT 7 A. M. TO-DAY
3 teanuters for an orchard........ $26
6 ranch and orchard hands ..$20 and JIS
Married farmers, no objection to children.. JW
Man and wife, private place, country
4 milkers, also buttermaker........; $30
Mar) for apiary, Nevada County, $23. fare
paid; 4 stablemen, city and country, $30 and
$•'!.-.; teamsters, city; boys for stores, 51 aad
'* $."> week ;'.
Cook for ranch, near city ..$i0
12 Foreman bread baker ...$31
10 first and second cooks .$30to $50
Young man for institution :...$li
Young, man to help in bakery — ..$4 50 week
: The above are a few of the positions we have
to offer; for full lists call down and read
our bulletin boards. MURRAY A READY,
634-636 Clay St. ' ,„
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO .Phone Main 13T5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook, $30 to $53. and second. $33: "pantryman,
country hotel. $30; pantryman. $22 53; colored
waiter, country grill room, see party here
11 a. m. : 2 bellboys. 513. MRS. M. E. DAY
&, CO., 3C5 Geary st. •
BOY to drive delivery wagon; country: $15'
good place. MISS CULLEN. S25 Sutt?r st. '
MAN and wife as cook and assistant; countrv
hotel; $C0; fare here. MISS CULLEN 323
Sutter st.
10 MEN for lumber woods and mills, married
men preferred. $26 per month; redwocd tle-
mnkers. long Job; 5 teamsters. $i 75 to $2 per
day. Cal. Emp. Agency, 5J Third st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment; only recognized union J.13
Turk; tel. FolBom 1583. "I. LESS. Seereta'ry.
GOOD 3-chalr barber shop at Emeryville* also
one at Tanforan and Ingleside; good trade-
bargain. Address F, PERRY, Emeryville 1
Racetrack.'- -. •'. ¦¦ ?- : :'.: y ¦ ¦_' * ?"
A GOOD solicitor In every town in California
¦ and Oregon; send stamp for reply. -Box 19C6
CalK- .'¦'•'.; . : -', ;¦'¦¦• :';' ': ' ¦'¦¦ ;-:-" : s. -•. ": . .:¦ '
WANTEr>-iMlddIe.,nged man or strong boy for
country..'.. Apply- IS -Montgomery ave. - ' ;: ':"
BOOTBLACK flrst-class. JOS Mont-
j:omery.". -\ . ¦¦,¦[¦¦¦ ;¦¦•:•¦: \'>-. : ..~-'~ ' ¦..¦¦ .'"- : :.-.-
BUTCHER boy wanted.", 109 Turk " st. • .. '. ;
AYA1TER; wanted; $15 and found. 1224 Point
Lobes ave ; ;; Geary cars. X,:7i;
YOUNG man to help In saloon. Call after 10
•..103a Market. st.;. .; ¦ ;• " .
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting' 25c
to 50c.. 562 Mission St., bet, 1st and 2d sts.,
UNDER presser on pants. BELASCO-HAR-
.'..-".-.. ".," nELP:WA.YrED- -MALE. /:
A— WANTED. :.."« . . . i . . V: . : ..U .;.,.. '¦'.¦'.'.¦. ~. -.: •,»>'•*.'•
iBwiss milker. cny;.4..-.,...«.....J33 and found
. 2 milkers,:' same, ranch, near city . :. . . . ,> , ;¦:¦;. •-•
¦ • '•¦ ¦'•' - .. ..-..•:.:".v.'.-..'.'..'i.V....1SB: and. fare, paid
• : Miiker for ;stocktori;'.-..>;.:;.*3»^ and .fare paid
.v^Chorehwn.Vinillc.-few:: cqws and . make ..but-
" ter' '"'¦ - ' * •^•' '• <*¦'•* •*i«**f.» •'••'•*' ? * •'...-•• ,,v«.«.^*-^
¦ : :Chbrerhan- for orange' orchard,.- south..... i.;.J25
Gerinah ; inafi about place; near city.w. ¦ --\-^
A mericah, •'= h'a.ady . man : for ranch, -steady , .?.«>
'Hostler; country stable^:. fare paid... ... i-.....'.,-.;v.
¦¦::):- ¦...• .:".- '.;vv,""i-:;"i":V-.i."i.'i-".. ; '. ¦^.'.^;i : .vS ; <5 : an(l:loand :
'';''G%nnan:'raw : !i''Warf:3mUh^..:.'v.$l0 ;and-; toUpd
.'German, blacksmith ..helper; for ranch,,,. ...^
'¦"¦' ;::i^J:-Uv-iii:/:,V.^A;^-.:»:^:.i>^.j^an^:fQUn'l-
• '¦ 4 ¦ isheep herders.'.-stie boss here; . ;..'.' '—.•¦•; • •_• • ••-•;:
.:*:*--^. . ; ..:;^ ;i V'. ;/..,:. ...jiO to '¦¦•|2.' and found
¦ : wago"n; blacksmith; city^.^vjai^^tb; it ;« aa J
Walter, InstltuttoTi, city... ;.,.:..$» and f?u« r »
Second Cbok, : r?Etaurant, cl ty . . , . V. ."> - • - • - • - -?• i "
"•• • Keephil cook. on boat *;.V,:. :,-:-, -$23.-- and -.f.oana.
" Esperieneed grocery; wagon driver, city., . ; . .
'¦" : ;¦ ¦ -i> .¦- i -.'-.'.".-':':-.-.^.:-..-. : .i;'.-.'.'-''- '.'¦'»-'.•.' »-.;,-.SlO a week
bakers : .city and cnuntry.U--. ;-:.,.'*:
' ; . ¦ .... ... ; .....; :?1"> and $30 and found
: -i'tVaniitrrR 'for city. w..;.S2R.: board an<I room;
"'Ranch cook for drange gTov<\ south,.; . .>.
' - ; ¦;¦::. V.:. ; '.¦,:..' ¦..¦..¦.¦'..-'.¦-¦-¦--¦'•¦.••• -.$.&'aiia farepai-J
' -Bai'au'e •' ebee-»> herders. ..see Voss.:. lwre™ ••¦"'•
' •-'•¦."¦.'•.-?.'V'ii : ii'i'."i'- ; "V..' ... ..;...:.- ':;•.¦.;.¦.. ??3; and faiind
' vsta'bieman,: private .place^:i;y>^,wyv i :;;,;;;;..ji5:
¦ Reniembef pur motto:; '"AV e refund fare and.
fees tb any one not offered work, where we
•' leWd 'Call early. W, ' D,; EWER -:&:-
: ~'CO.; ; .C10.;Clay. St., ¦'.:¦¦¦'_¦¦ ~^' : . .;;;:.,; ¦;¦.:¦:¦¦:::.;:.' ¦;;¦.'
WVNTEP— A -few-more : for
• "Life of Oueen Victoria", and other books:
. H. : : R/ PATTERSON. 429 Montgomery st,
WANTED^-BarWr for Eaturday. .and -Sunday.
:¦' •vi4,;i.i3upOht-ab;'.:nf.ar"'U.ntQn. . ; ; •;;=; ;¦;.-¦¦ -/:¦:¦:.¦ -.'¦ ;'.";
: BA RBER for eyentiiss,/ Saturday and Sunday,
' .815 Illinois jst;:: ./::^- ':-."': ¦ '"."¦':• '•'"-': -:" : ; "-v ¦'¦'¦'¦:
BAftHER^ for-Mondayii «: a.; week.;. 6 Market
-. ' street. .. ; ' : ' ; ; •;.:;¦::;;' '- ; ;.:,'¦ • ':¦' .¦¦ : .y : s : -' :-':'- : '..'¦ ¦" ¦ '-¦- : '
COOb 1 lunch ciaok' foi4 saloon.. : . 921 :>M3trket; st./
:6 ;bOYS' Call-fQ^la^BarretVSattpry,
; ..Pdtre'ro, ;¦ :-. ;: : :';;•¦ : ' : ;:- - ;^;". : ". : v . ¦¦': . ':. ~ : }. - ¦¦ ¦'¦¦¦¦¦ ¦¦'-¦•¦ ''*¦'¦*¦
HA Jti Eli shop ; for sate : "¦¦" S40 V cal I Immediately.
: .'^l^:FQ\f<^:'^C:-:-y r. v.;-:.<r:;:--/ : ;i.:':y : - '''.'¦:¦:•
.»i;{S-r3ieHAlR ' Jshop;':- i^opd tnide; cheap rent;
;.'. Uy frig Tocniis; : :trlal;givwv';.' 322 :Fourth. st,
.;WAN;TEI>--Few ' good: peddlers;- call €ariy....l«*
:; '. Teha ira s t . : ;.^\'\ ¦-'.: •:::.:r^;.'-- :^ ; ;;';::: : ;.;-*:-'-: ; -
'BOY to be 'iwefu'i Itii :sVatlonerjr;store>;*j>w:eek;
•:;. A^ureys7:bcxr : lgia.v;Call;:;;; ; :-.: /;-'.: ; : ;-;;¦¦."';-:;.:¦. ¦¦''¦".¦
WANTEf>--An ¦¦ene'rget'l_c--".. : 3rqui!S ; '...iflan:':." . : Apply
;':. at:;-23;;East ; St. ¦',::'. .¦;'' ¦¦¦¦'.:: : V-:TV';v'\:;'' ; '.-;!i.'"':':'- ¦:¦'¦'¦'•..".¦" ;
;Wi\. : N;TF;Dv}c6 mert . Vo :.- take rooms." JOC, .13c and
'"", :,20C;/- Boston ¦ House; $3fl; I Io ward : '8U'. ¦.;."¦ ¦-;.." ".:"¦:
CIIANCR '.for ;act I ve, 'temperate ; man 'in.' per-
•'- " nianeht position of- trust as cbtteetor and in-
' >|<ie man- with real estate: and: loan com-pany;
¦". mitist make ¦ cash deposit, fcr honest y ; salary
; jttl \veckly-wltb chance: of ;ailvancement;: ex-:
i •.¦'pe'rIehce.' : unniPC(»ssary; : :;r(;feren9es. .exchanged
..!• and.' .uritneumbered real e«tste security . given
¦ ; for.: money deposited:. Adilresn in own : hand-
...writlnfc -.Permanent,, .box 1»";6. • Call '-'¦ offlce.
ALli MEN— Out . cataJOKUe \ explains: :how we
:'. :teach -.the trade/In -two mpn-ths, saving two
':" years ;i; mailed rfree,;.;. We have no Gc shop tri
¦¦'¦':'. conrirectton. with pur collie. Our chairs awl
;-. furniture- are ail- made tor orcler with: a view
- tp: cleanliness and; Convenience. .MOLE R'S
. . Barber Collcjrc,'-: 625 Clay : st. . Bewa.re of any
¦V.:' ch»di> .'lrnitations. .'¦;.:. -¦¦'.'•. ; ¦¦ .-._. '''.;' :-."¦'
WANTED^EXperiericea -dpmestfc:: salesman;
' state age?, experience -and salary expected.
v Apply box I91.I. : CalI office. .;. : . > ..
MEN to jearn Ira.rb.er 1 ': trade; catalogue malted
tree, ¦ S. F. : Earb«r College, 741A Howard st. ;
; no. barroom- chairs iised in this college. ¦".- '-..
APPKENTICE wanted. /Pacine Electric. Motor
: CO.;^1S3 ;JeS5te -:Ft.: V y "; : :, ';":\:'^ .'"'. 1 '-' ' ¦'¦:'.:-)¦¦¦
WANTED-:- 25 good teamsters"; steady Job and
; .pood Swages.' J : . . 0; Sh>a. . I'th and. Vermont,
ALL -sizes men-*:, shoes, Fllghtl}- damaged, half
price.-- 562 Ml*5slon>t. ( . bet.. 1st and2d sts. :.
WANTED-^For country:, place, experienced so-
; -ilcltbr. for cleaning and dyeing: single man,
• 'willing to exert, himself to own h Is own busi-
¦ ness; state age and iexperience. C. & D., box
,. i92u;.'caii:..: .;;•' -." ;;,':'v:;;. ; -;- :-- " E -;- : :;; ..••'¦;¦ .-¦¦"; £••:
.WANTED— Competent '•'. single yeung man as
'¦', stenoierapher; ln business offlce; ;: answer ¦ in
\ tjwri handwrlttiiRr. .felylng ape, experience and
references. . Aclrtr*;s>s box ... 142^, Call office. . v. ; .
Vr ANTED-^Labtirers . aEd rrtechanlcs to know
•that; Ed Rolkln. Reno Hbusi?- proprietor, still
runs Denver " House.." 217 Third st. ; .138. targe
.fopms:. 25c per nijrhtl ;J1. to ti per ; week. - :
TVAXTED-tA strtctlv firpt-cias-» carriage black-
smith.. Apply to A. ; MEISTER & SUNS CO,.:
¦ SacramfTito,. Cal:^' .. : -.:;.. .¦:¦.¦ : V ''.:-v;!."'';;-^'.-';. ;.: : j
WANTED — Men to. drive teams;, steady work. |
Apply early to GRAY BROS/, stables, Seven-
teenth st.> near Guerrero. " .' :. ; - :.•..";¦.
IMMEDIATELT; three younjr men of good ad-
. -dress for.cHy and :couhtry work; Hberal sil-
'. ary. Call 59 Columbian bulldins'... city- -.." : .' .-'
BRIGHT mere of Rood .ailrlrers: motley, ad^
. vanced : to Hj:ht ;pnrty. Call between S and I
:. ;¦ 9. : ."a. m.-:it : ;PQst:si;- : - '-:.'¦-;:¦- ¦, ¦ ¦¦_ . - j
BOY or .Junior . wanted In; durst store; IS years !
I of age. :.AppIy : ; W. H ITE & CO.. 493 Gough 3», ;
WANTED^GSfM' country sprlcltors,: Monterey j
.;• J;C<!ntralfOll : . : .'G(i;;^r^m : ''Sp3;"-E«nitn«r.-.bun i !aine.' |
/Carpenters. .btaeksmlth^ ; &; green bands whal- j
.. ;ing cruise -on steamer. Herman's;,: 28; S^teuart. j
TEAMSTERS: wantf-d.; :.'Ap;p-!y ¦ -557 . Fou.f teenth 1
"¦¦.;¦:/.:¦'•-.¦¦¦ . 1
iSA ILOirtS. biacksmlthf; Feamen & gre»n ha.nri!»; :
|;,- all parts" .of world. ; HERMAN'S. 23 Steuiart.
PEXStONS-ij. II. Shepara & Co., pi* reliable j
i firm;; 806 : Market, ropm 40, Phelan bulldlfis. : J
: WINCHESTER House/ M Tttlrrt st: v near Mar^ j
¦• ket;. "CO rooms/ 25c night rr-adlns^robrns;; free f
¦. "bus and baggage tqt : and from ferry. ". ; " : : :•.".".'
CLASSIFIED ftdverti«ement!»: and subscriptions :
' i received; at. Call hranch office:. 220O: FUlmore.
A BRANCH office for -Call advertisements and
" ¦.¦subscriptions "ha* : been established- at: WQZ J
¦:.VaIencla . st.;-;;- - : V -.'---¦:':. ¦¦'.-"'¦.¦¦ ; .--"..'- : .' ;¦;' -¦ ' {
: iionsjEW and wagons. ;'¦•;;'
40. HORSES for .sa>: : aisb' waerons, : busKies,
. carts.: harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.'
: 327 Sixth M. ; a act ton. sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN &.DOY£,E. Aitctioneers. . \; . .
. S ; F>.YETERINATIY Co.liefje will commence Its
3d.pesFibn: June 10i : CataloRue.by applying to
. .-M.\L> Pancpast. jec..; StOOolden Gate ave.
A. NEW. pneumatic-tired ! road bugsy. I?R; Lv
.KRAKER. veterinary dentist. 164 : i Golden
: ',. : -0ate : " ave.. corner Leaycnworth st. zf;
THREE !-. fast road horses: also some good
". . business horses, -at 721 Howard st. . : ;
A — 103 -SETS second-hand harness ;; ; wagons,
_carts,.bujrgies...surrei-s, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A 'N'o.i: express wapon. single, also light
campteB wagon, for ' sale cheap. 5"52 Mission.
A WEEK'S news for S. cent* — The "Weekly Call.
Ifi pages, in wrapper, for mailing. %\ per year.
HniSK.i TO I.RT.
A-PRIXTEP LIST Houses to lefrservTfoT'cir^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN fc CO., II Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LCT~p'UR.MSHEU.
FURNISHED hous-, of 14 rooms; alTfull; rent
- $30; a snap. 417 *Hart ison st.
I.\ VALID . FimxiTURE.
INV"ALID furniture and appliancesTsaTeoTrentT
F. GOODCAN. 1117 Van Ness ave.. nr. Post st.
AXD tOUXD.
JGO REGARD for the return of solitaire ~<SIa^
mond scarf pin lost at Cliff House. Sunday.
24th inst. Return to FRED DE FERRARI.
217 Montgomery ave.
LOST— Bracelet between Ninth and Market and
Eighth and Howard streets; tied with white
string; retufti 1211B Howard Et.
LOST— Small m'.n!c l>oa; Wednesday. Return
to 3126 Twenty-second ?t.: reward. ', ¦-.;'••
LOST— Bunch of keys. Return to JACOBI
BROS. & CO.. S3T» Bush st.: reward.
LOST-ilAdy's green enameled watch and hook.
Liberal reward nt 3<S Chestnut st.
LOST— mack and white greyhound bitch. Re-
turn 14iS Ellis .St.: reward.
LOST— Hunch of keys. Return to IKS Mission
st. and receive a suitable reward.
IOST— A llsht-brown cock»r gpsniel; license
4CI1. 11S0 O'Farrell St.; reward.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jrweler, 248 O'Farrell, bet. Powell and Mison.
OLD gold. Silver, diamonds and precious 'tones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
rubscriptlons fcas been established at VX&
Valencia ..tt. '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Callbranch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
; MATRIMOXIAr..
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for list. MRS.. HERTZ. 706 Ellis st.
MARRIAGE bureau: confidential list. 10cT
MR. BLAKE. 323 Kearny Et.. rooms 4 and 5.
MATTltKSSKS A.M) DPIIOfATKRY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery: tel South 792-
to ; orrfer or renovated, feather and hair
steamed: exnertcaroet cleaning; strictly re-
liable. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh at.
MINES A.VD 81 IMA G.
MINES bought and sold; also stocks ln mines
-.and oil companies. Prof. John Tllton. rms.
:';; - - medical ¦¦.--; :,y. .. -. -
DR. and MRS.-DAVlES. 1223 MarkeVthT^eTT
known ladles': specialists; 32 years 1 n,t T.
. .perfectly reliable; positive cure gu, r fAL ce i
at offlce ; patients "treated can return VJZ?
day: those wishing to treat themseK-.J 1
: send for the HINDOO HERB HOM^ tn^ Tr 1
. MENT; a sure cure; give. Instant SSfe^S
less; any ope caimse it: stamp, forjireni*^" 1 '
Lms. GOODWIN.; the well-known^^T— - ¦"
. diaeas'js ot : women, has returned r-? rt r , on
rope: :aV treatment gfuaranteed to e'vi-f" Eu *
,¦; relief ,- for any ailment ; , .afe^an.t rl^^ll :
: year, in Q^ CV Hoapfta j London- l^P r
. S..F,; Bince 18S4; maternftv ' hoine^ fl tce , 1 ln
;...-. -^7^ Market ,*t:," near_Sjx;h,^"-:- 5 e ? l0w - \
' W^DIVKOm'Mt Market >t;,vcor~^t^
. ?afe and . reliable : ladies' physician »j v i' th ~
... successful practteerpositlve^ure^a^:^?:
:; ; when others fall consult free: *ir>w??£,?V
MRS: DR-WYETII.: relfable spectalNt ¦'^CtH
succMSfuI : prat-tl.ee.:: .•Kuaram-e'd- ..tre-a^'e-T ?'•¦
offlce; any atlment; hr;m»!: tflr m't^i- "
• '/ aultff^ e v ; :!i42ra3t s^-> t'^t-J^-dVanrf^^^
;ii^::DRv;ALLEN^Reirroved:to: 1115~iiArrr-
bet: Tayrof^ an,l Mamn.| ladles'. ¦""¦"fctaMrf*??. :
; r ;^^cHifcLA^E.Qus--.Fou '•vSA'iosTiT^- - :
EOiLERSi ensinesi, 2d-hSd^^acPnpT^tr^
;IN.TOPH:& WOLPMAN^yI35-137 Fremont^
KA US. back bars.: mirrbra. shb-wcaae-" coun-.r."
linoleum., new ar.d second hand ; we aiwavi
have: a large stock of; saloon outfits oa haid"
32 -complete, -cutflts oil one floor ready ma'je-"
we can ;ship everything in 24 hours **
," NOONAN, M17. ¦-. 1019.- 102^ ¦¦": ".tt2Jv V5SS5S" ,t'
. above .Sixth: write for . catalogue; . I> ¦-. "
.'BUY a brand-new typewriter for $: down on i
. ; $3 per month:' write for catalogue and nrt-.
TYPEWRITER EXCIIAXGE «j Califcrn!*
st. j. rentals.. n?w machines. S3 per month. .'¦
A-E V Vs.;.- sells •;. or ren in gear. '¦": machinery ¦ en-
gines, . boilers., traterpipe^, sftaftln- Du'levs
. ¦'.-. etc, ."WHITELAW. 2IS gpear at! ,' ; ¦ '
13«1 MODEL- Rambler; -new Morrow coa»t« r
.brake:, bargain. Day; clerk Denver H«s>
-;- 3:« Third st^"; • ;....- ¦¦¦;¦; ¦"•:.'•.¦: ¦ ..:. ¦•.;¦¦'.-.-"'¦¦
FOR :;>nle-.A - 2ia ess Jubilee hatcher at i
bafj-afij. " . Inquire of F. M. SCTTON •>-«
I>.wl-ght way. Kerk^-I«»y. after 1 p. m. ' *
A--20-TON rllowe ;:wagoh:. scale: compound
beam:. Apply at ,2lg Cal 1 far h fa »t. .; ' . -.'. ¦.•:.'
A-^-15 . AND 2i H. p. boiler;- 8- H. P. englna-
cheap.: J. ¦¦-EV-.RK-R. i -"-iM!':Reale st. :. : '¦. '¦"
FOR- ",-sale— Stare. VfixtiireK '.all: kinds. Apply
;; MRSJ FRANK gIL,\-A:. San. Rafael.;; ;¦ - : :-
SO 2NP-IIAND enameled bath tubs; 20 II P*
;-¦-.- TV estlnghousa motor; cheap; 20» Mixsion st.'
TTPETrRITIIR?. 21-hand. all Irak's at low
...'. flgtiTCS.; U & ¦ y, AUEXAN DER. 110 Moats" y.
Gasoline or dtstt!lat» ensirte*. rtew aM "''-hand-
¦ all sizes; guaranteed. XEWELL, tr, BluioTna."
FIRST-CLASS secord-hand mciern »n?iTV?9 antf
bolters bought and scld.KROGH SIFfi. CO
2DrHAND stenrm, ga*. oil, wnter an! a ; r ma-
chinery bought and SO M. TChlre. :i6 M! ss [nn.
rHOTOGRAPIIIC and magic,: - lant-rn goo.t»
bought, sold., exchanged. .109 Montgomery *t.
SAPES-'New" and second hand- THE ITFpT
MAX SAFi: CO .. 417-4^ it.
MAGIC lanterns, nw anrl 2J-hari(i movire
plcturea, BL*LL^\i:i> ,fe BRECK, Ul Post stv
SAFES— Nptt and second hand; a!l size* THH
WALTZ SATE. 100-111 Market st., Saa Fraii.
CHEAPEST andbe-t in Amertca— The Weekly
.tall.: IS paces, sent t<> any address • in th#
United .States or Canada cn» year for $1
postage p.iW. :' ¦;. -.; ¦.¦¦'¦:-. ¦ -- : ¦'.¦¦-¦ :/-::r-<^ ?¦'.
LADIES* and gents" cust-ofT clothing bought A
sold. Silverman. 3Si I-'oisom: teK Folsom 1WU
SMALL safe wanted. P-ox 1334.' Call office. \ ; .
\ . _ .yj?^ 1 ** y jto uo/a.
I A— MONEY to loan at rates which people caa
f- afford to pay on furniture, pianos,; efv; do
). net borrow of your frien.la or you will in S <*
their, friendship ; do busiTiesS ¦with stranji#r»
: ancl you will be better satisfied; no> delay; no-
•.-publicity, Rocms !» andlO. 906 Market st. :
[ANY rroposition.. any amount ; 9 per cent; first,
si-cond: mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
. ia estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
•mortgages ami securities; Room 18, 1st floor.
i Chror.icl^ buiMiRg. -If ALLORAX & OLSEN.
! ANY amount at fi per cent; first, 2d and 3.1 mort-
t. Sages, undividec, interest, real estate In pro-
f. .: bate; rnortraees and le^acie* bought; no de-
lay;: get my terms before: dolr.f? business else-
where, 11. McCOLGAN. 2» Montgomery, r. 3.
| HIGHLY r^stectabl?. private place to obtain
i. . liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
! . est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st. ; te!. Main 1644. : Branch 19 Third st,
LOWEST . rates on furniture, etc., by prlvata
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 3C1 Jones.
JIOST reliable place to borrow on diamoncts
watches, jewelry^ W. J.HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price. for old gold., silver, dlamords. . *
OX. -furniture;., pianos: • ho : removal: money
qulek-: lowest, interest: eaj>y t»rms: not broke-"-
: age: reliable- party.. 11T0; Market St.. rooin SS I
¦itONFlT.iorrneii salaried, people without security.
IJILL; rrn> if, Jlerchanta" Ex.i 431 California.
jrCfriCCO'fTO loah oti; real estate or for building;
*_Vl£w^rate- v : Ilorfte lilile. Co.- 22 Sansonie, r 2.
GASH loaned eh salariest-.New; York plan. : THE
; ;TGl'p-LEY.:.CO..: 32t Parrott building...- :;'. -';¦:::[ ;¦ )
LOANS," 1st or 21 m'tssi city, country; 6"V. undl-
; /.videa lnts. ; estates.. HARPER, S37 i?arrott big-.:
CASli- loaned to '"salaried, people on note without
' . indorser:" MORRELL. f/j3. Examiner building.
TO . salaried : pfople without : CoIIaterar or tn^
:. riorser. S. :F. Disccunt Agency. 143 Phetan big:
;VS:>-v- v ; '¦ ¦ " : :',:--' mosk v wasted, ¦;. ...; =:
INCORPORATED mfs:. conTp^ny^^^hes^to
.--.Korrow "$i:..0<i0: "good security. Box 19a7. Call
:';'. ./ ..: M li'Sl CA t. l\>Tlt t:MLl\ r TS r ."¦: >V
ANY person nnvinjr'nse: far. 'a. piano can. be ac-
commedated at :t^l>rTnart, ;Vlay. & Crt.'s witJr
:: easiest payments, • lowest; prices ami ' mt.st re-
¦ l'able makers, to cheese from. Ka>.h th? h»st
of their jrrade,. fFciri - ft^lnway down, Pri -v-
:"•: liege given i- : -,tj>: exphanse rn?>li.um : : anil low
priced iila-aos: for: a new. -Ptr-lnway: an> r t!mj»
within three years' frbiii'.dats . of purchase
Beautiful nev/uurishts sold for }S cash an>l
$6 per month. We ofer to sell some g'">o<l
l'lanos at J3. S4 and $» per month. SEEP.-
MAX, ; ("L,\Y & CO.. Steinwa- dealers, cor-
ner Kearr.y and Suttfrsts.,: San Francisco;
corner lircadway and Thirteenth st., Oak-
land. : ' ¦¦:' - ¦•.•V..-V.V V; ; -/ '¦
PACKARD— Packard— Packard— Is the name to
K.rep in mind when you want to buy a first-
class Diano for a fair price. A -full assort-
ment can always be found at ilAUVAIS",
T6D Market st. -. '_.¦.]}:¦:.-¦¦¦'¦¦:¦¦¦/¦.:¦-'' ¦ : V
PIAXCS for cash — pianos cm time — pianos!
cheap — and pinncs high — price can be had at
MAt-VAIS", 763 Market st.
YOU cannot make a mistake If you buy a
; Decker & Snn. Fackard, Eaumei.«ter. Smith */'
Barnes. Willard or Arlington Diano at,
MA t; VATS'. 7«» Market st. You can pay cas! i
or installments. / '
ALL UPRIGHT?— 1 Novella ISV
« new Kelso...llloupi / Marshall J12!V u/
5 Chlckerlng ..$1S5 3 new Schaffers. .$\6T.
9 Heine PS up 2 Swinways S1S5 ur
4 Hallet Davis. $430 up 7 Jewett .-URS w
¦ 2 Behr Bro? $335 up! 2 Mason Ilamlin. J.-^j
We handle all ir.akes: agents for some 0
the oldest and most famous planes in. ex
lstence: Hallet Davis. Behr Bros.. Jewett ,
etc.: agents wp.nted. HEINE PIANO COM '
TANY. 217 Gearj' at.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou.- '
west of Thicaso is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2 *
,tS and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs ai Hj
all other musical Instruments of all gndm. ai
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every!
thing possible done to please and satisfy th'V
customer. : I
A BONA-FIDE cleanins-out removal sala o- V
second-hand pianos at low auction prt»«», $2 r
up (this week only). "WILSON'S Storase, 1711 1
Market it. » 1
A FEW new pianos for $1.10: ascend • a
hand from 130. BENJ, CTCKTAZ & SOX. '^
16 O'Farrell st. Chlckering and Vose agency.
CLOSING out stock of elejrant pianos: sen I
for price. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg J
FINE standard uurlcht piano: must be aacrt- '.]
flced in 3 days: leaving city. 324 Qoldfn Gate. \
WANTED— Second-hand pla:v> cheap for cash; ¦,
no dealers. Box 1S6Q. Call Nflce. f
WANTED— Five eood square rianos for coua-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. SOS Post «t-
HIGH-GRADE planes; Steck. Hanlman. Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sr.M; nic? upritfht piano.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.. next Hlb. Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cherjp; brilliant,
powerful ton*. HORN UNO. SI* McAllister.
BYHON MAU2Y. agency Sohraer & C<r. Byron
Mauzy. Gabler and gpellman pianos. 308 Post.
ON sale— Stelntvay upright, JCOO. 217 Geary St..
room Zt.
SPECIAL. S \LE— Immense reductions: see 6ur
leader, only iXZO- BRCENN. 2CS Post st. :
AT KKEFFFS, 923 Market st.. 4 elegant up- \
rtehtr. at your own price. Shonlnger agency.- >
BEST rent stock In city: new pianos. $3 per )
month. SCOTT-CURTAZ. 560 Hayes tt. , '
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 3 Latham place.
OFK1CK3 ASD^STORES TO LET.
CORNER store — West corner Fourth and Perry
its. ; occupied as grocery and bar for past 30
years: rent ?29; wates* free. Apply to O. H.
UMBSEN* & CO., 14 Montfforaery _V-
CHEAP. ll?ht offices. Emma Spreckels bulld-
¦¦G.0!P.D^;rWlia'ble;'.'-jlrl"ifr.';ao;':: : h&u'RiB.wi6rk-; can <io
. ¦'•"- -most anything in- the hriiisekeeping'-irne; City
- •¦;;-or:acrgsa : tlvtv bay.- -;M".i Fourth ;st/.j dairy. ;-:' ; v
; .MIDftL'KvAQSP^iaaj' desires' situation: ho.use-
..Aybrk;. plain .cbpkJnB;; : wages. $13 or $20. •.'.A'd-.
jiress I 1 :: l-;|. v.-mh av.
" ' W.A:NTEp4 i A"i'pslticn ¦ as';' BbvernesS:' •; or. .corn-:.
;•.; -paniaii .•; : j ; ii<; .ur. op'nntry ¦'; best. ; : reference. .. . J. ; .
¦ ¦; j\'^;3,i,. yr::,.- ?;ntuh-.I'arkr:;-:r;..;'.-'v'V; : -/ : .-:.;v.. :-;:.y
G'rn.L,/','« .-in.'t>i '.¦}»;.);<) t. ion ¦¦ .fo. ; -!io'Vh'ousew.ork:;:aiirl
;. .'¦c.OQkiriK;: \vp2fs ; $2j: ;to ¦ $25. '.'¦-. Please "call: -;12
';^ltfa^t.;":;^;' i :" ;^;:.^"v.v; : ;^::h":^; :^'^-\ r v
RKLI.X. 1 ' ¦ .•¦ • 1.. i- wants work by the
¦'¦'.. <3n : ,v.v i'wtfshiiiK or; hpusetleBJolns-.;""". 1 Call"."9'r ,-ad>'
¦: -.dress "16D"-.,Tc>Ki:«? •.st-.!'- : " ¦¦;.;• ..:.'-'VC -";.'. ¦""'".v .'.'.•.:.¦ : ;".".- : ." ."•".-¦ .-.V;.
: YO^N<5 assist; lri light hous.e-
.^:'Ay6".rk';;.'.-'co-untiy ; iVreferrod. ; : - "Address ;-.B;-. .1911
Miifsicn frt. »
vEASTlslRN lady . would like cmpibyriierit- lri tt
¦¦ ybaok. of; stationery store, '.'1^23 ¦E'ifty-thirdVst.i'
_OaV(Jni:0.
¦Ittl^IAKf.ii youriKKlrl ,xvishes:po'sJ.tlpn.'as';p'a.'r- :
',.'¦¦ jo.rni . Ji .1 i.l- Or. v.-n. i treys . -11.1S. -Oreen- -sti ;.;."•¦. .'':¦'::': " .
I- IIIST-CI.v^P .U , k - svish'ea work at
•¦¦honie. ¦'¦..'¦' 931 :-..Sutter str; U'lephcne-Larklii.^:.;-;
GOOD; .':exner|enc>(i . . Eiri': wiplt^s . po's!tldri/'as
housokeeprr, Call at 42S O'Farrell st.
GinL.wi?hes; a .jiiace- to. r.spis.t." .in- I'iKlit -.libuse-::
• : : work.;;.'J15..'. ; .7;C6 Birch: are. " ¦';. ." ";. . ' :.-• , : .: : -.',.';''. : .".' ;'.; ; '
>w?.cl')sh siri: wants ; place::;as - cobk-
. '. or.Ff.c.infl work: eeod cook; bpst-'.-p-f-.'clty.-.refer.-.-
::'¦, -epc.es.-,-- «:•;.. or- ;3i). Call a t :Tin- ; North '.'Point- st..;
.^between: .Ilytle . an'l ¦ Alo.n.tKo.mery'f.-'ave.- -• ;- .-•¦' ¦'¦'.-. ;..'.
S\\El)isii: gjrf ; pf. ¦pnpec{encft;'.:-good' .cbok:;. ,alsb'-
; y -Jipu'seAvork; - city-.-refe'r»n"po.i ; ¦" eal.l:;f r'orii.v.ll -..id' 4, :
•.•..f-il.6Sfl. : -I-I:p\y.arid- ; 'st:.''. ..roonV .20.;.'. ':¦.,' ;:¦.,.':. : ..-\ ;¦'¦'¦. ". .'".'.:
¦" " '¦ ! - I- ¦ n!>n l.\ !Mlil.11"-nce(i English"
¦¦;. woroari:.; Vorkirip bpuf'pkeef.er, ¦ cook on farm ;.-
::- ;¦ bggty.re'f rrjr.hrps. ;. ¦ '.¦'gi'S Kill more,.-.-nrV. McAllister.'
JJM H'ROIDKR Y" riri.l lace of all kinds worked by
¦MltS. PA.WKKNS. IT:: Mission ft
•.ItSJPiXKIJ .vour.s. Ii.ly. wants jiosition ln fam-'
¦'-. : lly -.or.' >v itii '¦¦'-'ihyalld latly as compunion or
\- amanuensis' :.'Tefer.cri.ceg..- ¦ Box; 1950. Call. ' '
"\VlNCUlCSTtili J 1'. ius<v-.44'--Thiki"'"st.. near Mar-
: : ; ktt— 2%: T<?o!ii?; ; L'.".i- to Jl. Stt-hiRht.. Jl cO to J6
"¦ -.v.e>Jr: ; cnn-. er.in-.t and; respectable; free 'bus
'. ..a.n.d; baggage " ; 't;d.vah'd" ".from ¦¦ferry;;"-" ¦ •'. ' ¦.
,'A :.RRAN;CIT.xflice'.Ior: :Cali" advertisements and
."."" stilipcriptlO'iiB ' ; ha$. -beep '.established at 1096
• .Yalencin; st."' .:'-v .¦¦.¦:¦.;•.•¦•'¦¦¦¦¦¦":• v.. ¦;.•.- .. .
CtASSl FIED'afivVrtisemehts, and subscriptions
¦ . .reeelved at C-<j]l ¦•hr.a.nch'offloe; 2200 Fillmore st.
; 'XiHlPI.OYMIjST WA.WEt>-~MAL.E.
NOTICK TO ISMPLOYERS. .' ."'• v: ¦¦'¦ :
• I^f;r reliable, iielp .send .your. '.orders to a re-
¦: l'able agency:.-. .W.- D.. E\VBR>fc CO. have
the .confidence of the working ".classes to a
larg-er degr<^" than ' any • ethT.' employment
ngents 0:1 the coast. '-. Ask "tne jnen working
. for you now. . n-6. matter irom which agency
-you procured' theTn. : Our patrons place con-
'. f (5er.ee- '.in.-us. because tliey find that we fill
. ...their, orders: traretully and intelligently, and
•-. -.the wbrking-man,- trusts .us because he knows
" • m:e:'wlll. dhly send him *hf re we are reason-
-. ' nbly-sufe I10 :will suit. - -We supply from un-
skilled' help up tp'men of highest skill. Come
. ..and see .'us before '.patronizing offices that
.'• iivni.'.ppnd. y6ti men- without nny regard to
.. their --fitness for-, the position offered. W. V>.
"KWJSH &-.-CO...C10 Clay st. " Kstabllshed 1SS0
-..-"Telephohe: Main 1ST. . •/; " "¦¦,.¦
iACTIVE* \young -; : manj 33,: speaks Knglish'.'.
; Frpr.ch,'.;' German, ' desires : situation; has had'
.••-. •experlphce.' aj; cl-erk, . .stock . clerk. ,-. salesman ;
¦ hot afr.thi.of work: -.will accept -Yany Job of-
:. .'¦ ferea. ¦; }i,^: 131 S, " Call : orflce, ...' '¦ '-,-.- . ; .-;
INDUSTRlbts, sober, aria 'honest man, undcr-
• st.ahfjs-'tho' crire;.' of. harass; hasporter expe-'
vTlence; ; and .Is:- hfmd'y- :>vltlv 'tools. . desires po-.
"..Bltl.on'.;-: ;Addti?ss "H. P-.i.'-^i? ' Thjrd st. ..-¦ ..".¦:•
.WASTED^- iSy-.'yoiin^ -steribgrapher. a position.
¦ In;' pome comin^icial house:! ¦ references. Ad-
% dreVs b.o-x ¦ I&l-,' Calljofflco:: ,.'¦ - ; - " .
.lixPKRT''ma.chirifj;t. :weil p'osted^ on electrical
.¦."ond : steam ; machinery. I desires employment:
pood references.! Address box 1932, Call of fl«?e.
COACH MA:N'>yant3 situation; first-class driver
hand Krcpm;. care: garden, milk; city or coun-
jfetryj references. J. K:, box 1930, Call office..
TOUNG man experienced with taking care of
Kood stock horses nv*mtR position at aame.
MONTGOMERY,; 2:5 Eighth St. - ; .
STEApY young; man (age 1?) wishes place
f -wht»ro he can have good home; ; can milk.
.'jk>x; 1091, Call ofrtce. U"1...
GAROfiNER, first-Class florist end landscape
• gardf net, also vegetable .and orchard, can:
. :furnfsh the besfot recommendations, wishes..
': situation in a : Inrse private place; city or
country. Box 1227. Call. * g "¦•¦"_
STATIONARY engineer, strictly BOber.and in--
dustrious, capable of making; all repairs. . 12
years' experience, wants steady position;
¦ best of references, j Box 1S43, Call.
ATOUNG colored man would like situation in
private family; thoroughly understands the
care of horses and;'careful driver, and make
himself generally useful. Box 19S9, Call.
WORK wanted by . d flrst-class paperhanger,
decorp.tor and painter; 1 country or city; refer-
ences Riven. Address box. 1922. Call office.
STEADY young man wants position as book-
keeper; good recommendation. Address 14
I'OFt Et. . ¦ v
A OKNTLEMAN of middle age and of large
education , desires a position of trust; best
references. Box 1S9S, Call.'
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FHlmore st.
FKATHP.K I'll.UlWS, »
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FKATHEI; FACTORY. :44 Stevenson st.
KI-AT.S TO 1,ET.
TO LKT— Lower flat of 4 rooms; rent $10. 1002
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st. : c 3 «
DOW-IE ave., r», off Eleventh St.— A flat of 3
rooms; bay-window; cheap rent to small fam.
FOR Sale — 8-room flat, elegantly furnished, for
a nice home. 104S Kills st. .
POST, 1714, near Buchanan— Modern sunny flat
of 4 rooms and bath; $15.
STEINER, lSO-1,4. nr. Sutter— Sunny lower bay-
wlndow'flat: 5 large ifoms; bath; latest imp.
SUNNY flat of 3 rooms; rent J9. Powell St.,
near Broadway. Inquire 13CS Powell st.
TO let— Upper flat; 7 rooms; rent J25. 701
O'Fnrrell st. ,,
$7—3 ROOMS; large yard.' 727 Minna St., near'
,_ Ninth. "
' KUItXXTUItE KOR SALE.
4 ROOMS~furnlshed liPoak^ $4s7oT'with No. 7
ranpe. Kins Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market. \
.. ¦ Fl'nSI'rilKK » WASiTEU.
Auctioneer— L.Vincent.1303 Larkin\tei. Polk 694;
furniture -& furn'd houses bought^ spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpet»,
>tc.'. see W. 13. Cody. 757. Mission; tel. Red 33o3. .
GHAS. LEVY buys your -furniture, . carpets,'
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel .Iessie7fil.
Xv WOLLPERT. . 773 Mission St.. pays Wghent
-."¦ price for second-hgnd furniture: tel. Red 1354.
•";'¦•: HELP.; WAKTBD— FEMALE. ••
. WAKTED— -Woman-:" quick to . discriminate, to
' employ representatives; salary; -expenses; no
canvapslng. .: Box 1914, Call. ¦- V : .¦
STEADY person; plain cooking and Ironing;
...no' washing; private family; ref. required of
landlady. Sherman House, 23 Eighth st.
A" NEAT young girl for light housework; good
home: wages $12. Call at 473 Fourteenth St.,
near Guerrero. -:. -: -"*:-:--.•¦• -¦¦•'¦ .¦ : '¦ .-.¦. •.'•¦•-.¦'.-
GOOD experienced vest makers wanted: also
: apprentices; good pay; steady work, 628
; Bteventon at. ¦' .f. :'":..:¦- ¦.-*:¦ . : -, --I;:. ..;-- j
R. G. W1LKE & CO.
REAL ESTATE AiND BUSINESS AGENTS '
V' : >'>'::.'':'; ; ' ; '. ; -i.- C:^
»« «...<:i»co. c.t x/irfauwf 23- /?<>/
//I} J/bafsffiL ffljUCtvef //lonutOi^ (&££
L c/ :
;/;.;..;¦¦; <': 6 A.X FRAJVCISCO.CAI.t-;''
:-"^KC^t3C^3i-^yi^^ :^n^am1i^n»eiM»:
Call, comer of Market wnd third afreets; open
iirtil .12 o'clock every /night in the year, ¦':.::
OFFICES— 527 ilotitKOtnery .street.
' ccrrcr. Clay; open . until -?:S0 'p.' rtt.- . -' : v'.'.-.' . '.;.- ' :•
...'." r-C« Hayes r.J reet : cik n until .9 :3fl ¦ pi ..TO. : ;. ...';'
<T>3 McAllister «trce;t ; cpen until *3* p. m. •
: C'J Lr.rkin; street; open: until .3:30 p. m. \ . •'¦•¦¦-1
:; i?4J Mission street; op«ci : until .10- p/- cu .;'• : j
¦•"¦;-.-.i^il-;f Market -i^reet.- coTner. Sixteenth^ : open ]
'tjntll'S p. .irtj, .'"¦¦ " : : ;-" :: - - : ~: y.Z.- ' "'\ : . - ; ;.-; ; - : '-'- ' /.-: ¦_ " : r -"-. :
:"•" Eleventh rtreet: open imtl!. 9 p. iai".
.". 1^56 Valercia rtreet-; -open until .9 ;i>. .-tn-. ; ; '.' ¦
¦ ?Corti:ucft cfnwr Twcrity-^iTPTid . an4 . Ken-
*t\r)<\- ¦F-t-r-rf; open ¦ until 9 t.vb.-;'-: '¦'¦'¦- : --> ¦'. -.': ;
CALir^HNTA Cnr-.;-yr.*»ry Nr-. 1, K. T-. :-^-. -"¦¦'¦.
¦ -d;ai?y: in\ Kr'i. ! i*>'. i'r'li»r .o"- the;- <*om-' ¦¦ . ..-.- -j.
; rr^n'icr. .'¦.".'¦¦. "HIRAM T, GR^WJi?; recorder, ; \
OI'.l I:NT-VI> iJr-r'.s"- '>"". : - 1'.*. f"- and' -A, : m '.:¦- j
M.-- third d.-grv^ . Til IS < VI JDAY) :'^J%_
r"rNIN<l. tX -liZO o'cI.VpK. • -MaR'*^-'Ma-ltJf
¦ ¦;>;.- ns invited: : A^S, aiXTBRARiXV^-y. -V^T >¦
AI'OiVL«;» i -L<'H;».i""Nrv'. ; idisi.- 0;'.O. : Tv';^*i_^.-;,.
-rirr- <J^«r^ .THIS (TniP AY> <^2»s_^
r.-.-'IIT. ilnrrirj. 35em«iria«.: Hall;
•- 6 -.M^rnbcrF -a«U 'viyitory •¦¦¦ ;• ..' .-:¦••••=¦.••¦;.:
ct-'inliy :--!!» 1. .""HASvE. PERR3". N: G.
a\" r. x< v i";rij<">«^. iu-c. sec. . •.-. ¦¦;¦-. .-'¦.:.:
Bron.Ai: -•.• ;t: af the C--J<v'.nr:sn i'Cj' ¦w
«"uii Tins T:v;-NiN.rr. at t, o'cioi.k..iJS 1 .a»;j
: fc-tli.-h I'?.K MTLnrkru •st.; ¦¦'¦¦-• : ¦. "': *tXX_« ¦ ;
'.-" "¦-•'¦¦¦¦• : A. .".!. MACpHncSOKi- CSilef •: '-.**^«fc ¦ j
jaf. ii. ;'VN'.'A:c..Sccrr.'v;.-:. :;..::.¦.:. ¦• ¦•
fAN KlCANi;iSrii T'nt N». IS;. IC." j*~*— __ : " :
<>. ,T. M:-nrvlcw Tin? (1!P.1]?AY>
VvYKNtNi^; : jit ; S o"ci<M.-k. Pioneer &* O i?® |
: Ila::. C4 Fi-urtli Ft. •.:.'; ¦. -_v ~;- '•"-'«» i'PStrJ 1
:¦- :'.v : : ¦"- -"¦;.-"•:-' ".:- - 11 - " H.;. cAirrLE: "«&&£3? \
... : -. .' ':•'•. ; JR«»cord . E r »»per: ¦¦" .' 1
RKTATL Dniiff .Clerks' A ww Q'.iek .'. meet? TO- !
:NIGIIT, - Kr.lsht-sof. rytMiai .Hall. "10:30. : :;: . • ¦
:WE J'soirV -Corvrt --Marine'- F.V^rnpri'ft' T*nl<>n j
vlV held a Fp-cia! m->etin;j Tt'ES-OAY, ; March i
¦.y.VK-.Ws- ... •.-'. ¦-.';¦¦ ;:-;/¦ J. YA1UU Sec. ¦ j
¦;. ; '' - : •'' '•¦'.. agents WA.vri:u. "•"¦-¦.••. '<
- • - ' - - ¦ .• ¦ ¦ .;-:.- - ¦ j
Till: jlln itlc'ic'.. . H'jbtrr Corapiaiy of Pan.'
-. Franci^ro.. Cal/.^an.ts inteliin^nt men to net '
;.«£ Its ac^^'6'thrci:Klini ;t tlio: United -Slate?: i
mart lie rr.en <i* charai">T-. address and push: s
: The: enmpany 'mtw 'lir^'f- rrorerties. :?« cu" of [
.;. *i*bt end inilhor.-urii^ ¦'¦,<ir<i p*i<1 nourish- I
'.r~f; -c^r.ii'.'Anr.: It -.lias •-¦»••¦ co:ns.!'1""rable acreuce '.
/>.>read;- planted, to rul^rr End-has a large :
•force of r>n '-' : fSiTTFtnn^y ¦.".f'lvork. It. offers.'!:
:'. f r x rale a J.imHe'1 riuTiljer of Inte-est .¦ hearing :
ir.str.i'.rn.rit <-"rt1 i V-:-te^. : A <wnn!iral!vcjv |
¦¦".¦umil srr:-i:rir ir.v<--«r»-«3 niw;>rill r>r>3u. : -o . 'arre j
**- ! :'.c9^'.-y inrrcaipinc. income ln near fiitiire; j.
Tre cpr;>or3*i^n. ir.v!:rs. cinscst. Invest igat ion. 1
A?* pt<. r.-d ir.t.-ren«; i^rfons ar-rly Rio Mi-!
r*-r,'. Co.. r. CC-fi',: < trock'r Wdsr.. S. F, '".:
f~>l.\(~lT*>r:£ war.;wl ' enod jay; penrianei:t.
Ajplr 3J t-> l.room .T?. P.iTOtt building; .-,
V \ •;¦-. ¦;.;% :.'.r;, n?s in Aacl) c\'y. good ni'iney. j
. Pnrvii" «~. --.-* :.J. /i T. <"«., *C"> i>thv' Oakland." [
ATTi>I(M;V« AT. I,A"\V. ;"V '
APVICn tr**:<\iw:7-:* Jc\v a:«i>ec(alty; private; )
ri'i^fo" v\'t.l>flt-* 5 : xce«-s; ci>il »ct!'>ns. ti. W*. j
_ I?< 'ViC. at-y rt law. KI.Maiiciti cor. Stockton, j:
J. II , JI'-KNIOUT, *-o11<?ctk»rs;=; : <1a:m?.c < *s: es- }
t r, t tp- -rv. r.i v-s : -open evpn.. ."5? Parrott bids- .'
rr. \XK AV. SMITH, mining: -iM probate law a j
. f jv^ia ;> y.:-"--Mj ;¦!?¦;. i.ip.'. r:'-.a:.'<'tV'-Ar,":-t»J..-ReJ 3C!fi.
¦AI'VI<~F: frp"-- ri" charpo iir,><i!= successful. W. t
V-'.: PAVIPSC'X; :^7 M.-\rk»j jr., pppj Mason, I
L P. n.>r..iC. £ir:ra Pr-eck^l-- '>M^.. T);;;Mar-.;
' -'-v.-^]tnf.rT. f r *>«: «*o ' ;f**s in : advance.
¦ . a spi » * f .'-c »« n< »<»»:VX «. ; ;.'.¦:' : '¦ ¦: 1
j. rr.LT; -nTa?^ \: T 7orKn^T'i. WaTiS r : r£-
r«ivu: y^icAx. vs<; Miy?i O n; .^e^Tol^-irt'liin;-.^
»i*»Af**»i.V«-s"/..:» r «»»«/".«;'H*wiftji5SAii^i-ir
"U'ANT::D— V.y hi^Wy : -*> >r>^ctablr» couple, T?he 1
cj:v of child 2 to 4 .'•¦years, loci or. short j
!¦» r:<" rl; terras miiirratf: fine horna and funn,v.
v:-!-!-:: rljAct,. c.'mpar.Srh lor: our »>Wn chili
:-.'Pt yi-Bry.v.Bax 03 4v XViU -cface. .-."¦.' : : - ¦¦: ~.: -y-.-l;
HIM ?AXT h v m^, -nrir s?J-oeI:: no --the r . cM- !
¦ :^>'t>: ' -f-V'-ii '-nro. VC. <^[\\<*ier. Pt. '.- .-. .¦'•¦.'" ..]
¦_'!!_[. J!_'^L.-__L ' ! Li, 1 ,' "..'- V" , ¦'. ' "~ .1
". . ; Jll S 1 N !>•.:»' Cll^nCVS. ¦ - ''•'' '¦-']. ¦¦ '¦":. -
A— Tll'.f ; 5.M.OON clrs? to .Monturwt >erj- "vtT;:
;'.:f? frv.-;l,!ivi- tj t> years; .clecrinj; at . te^st
E25I it iior.t!); 3 fvLT,ifV."d rocnifi included;
n-nt- ?:.'.,¦¦¦ .-t'g'H ii O. WlLKE. 2CH, I^earny, j
- Jl^fi-: fA i:TKnR: in. fi'-st->::aF» .p:jc-.ng anj
*^*>i -oca t* d - cpfie*?. lir/us** ir* : t^is. f xpev;-
rier.ee : not neoesFsry, a s in^omiris partner's ,
liv.'y will be to atter-d cash and b-K)ks; hon^ ¦
«n rran r.rily jkcJ apr'-i'. Csil R. G:
1VILKK. W; Krarny Kt. ¦ .¦'¦¦:•:':.. ¦:•'-•' .
A— KA?E <*s««! lor nrsJ-clnsK pa>ln« Faloott
r.*z.T Errc'~r.ijm: 9 furnisiird roorcs incluoed;
c^r^rvcotnpr.ll^d to leave Tor Ipwaw:, Call It.
'..0. Vi'lLKE... 2C'i Kcaray ,ct. ¦;.-;:.•.'•• >¦•" .'•_:¦._•• :
A-^$i:0: : POalC «r.t delcacj- Ftor-J " pe»it t22 E0;
rood-pcyiiie 1>u.=ia«-«s;. 'wry l>^«t location:
; -nvr.er to leave city. Can. R- G, WILKE.
iCVr Kearny -Ft. :•'. ;•¦¦;.".;;- " ; :'.¦'•.' .'"• v;. '-.¦•-"
A— NOTION store ; established . many . year? ;
rUsfir.t: sbout 1135 per month; locstion can't
t,f f>r-mt 1 rer.t ?25: clean laQUire R. G.
ILJiE. LC'4 Keamy .tt.-O-v ¦-"::-.- - .-. ¦' .:-
A-r.t>; CAFE and r.-s,tai;rr-nt; elegantly fitted
L'T> ar/d: <lo!n?; a rus'.iiip ' business; located
fiwf .tol'iiwtll mn4 Miirket sts. Call R, G. :
VSTiJKJZ. .Tij's Kearny et. '-¦" ; -'- ¦'•¦-• '-.- ...: v '¦¦-¦; •"." -
A^^T'--: HAlvF-INTEREST in.IU-st-class jyny-
lr.g ir-sraurr.nt; dally receipt/! about. $50; rent
5": rptiiinR part'wr io:le?ve for" East; a
_ lr.rrnir. Cg'.l R Q. t\'ILKE, -^Kearny st.
A — t'US*';;. "COKXEIi sro<^ry. aod . bar; choicest
rnrt "Wostv rr. -Ad-Z. ; '. cleap store, Iresh stock; j
paryi\ 1 a yi-.g business; rent J32. Inquire It. i
..<?.; AVILKr. IVi KearEy/st. .: - .' : .;^: :..;•." . ;. .;¦ . i,
Ji. — 57T-1: SAL'.iOX. - doors ;w»»st of Montgomery"}
*t.: 3 livir-s rooms; rf-nt. f43; <3(illy receipt's 1
f-reni Jl." to JiS; a ?«rt paying : and clean!
place.. ¦•Call R. G. WILICT. 2CV, Kearny St.:
A-iS:0 : CORrcnR . buteher : shop '.' In northern
j>ar: of city; rent $2*: horse,, cart: Eelling 4
cattle sr.d aijout ZTi Flw>»-f> T>erweek; a cash
c-UFtr.ra. Call R. O:- ViILKE. :25Vt Kearny »t. }
X r ,'V-J-TlS— f'ail on : us bef-ot-e. : Roiag : elsewhere;
r-i -::• -1 l),irralr,s jn ¦pal'xins,''"- restaurants,
I; if.,:r.ii-t:«asA5 and stores, &06 Market ifci r» k.
C!<I.An FtTeVtaeF-tlocatifiri; No.. .1. stock; and
fixtures: preat Itarsain on account of Oepar-
tvr---. tfg Markft . st:. foonT is. :¦'.. '. . ,: :.
PALOON; '^-.eter: front; : sold • at ¦ ji. : sacrifice;
iffr^r .i'JFt ~Aie!t.-_ PCS ?farket.st.. rocra 8.
WA.VTJJP^Tn bu>v Bnod paj-jng saloon. Call
ct SCS ilax&et gt., ro>~m 8.: . . ' ;.
AN unpT'Cf-if-nted sacrifice; 75-room brick ho-
t*l aryV: furniture; (Joins immense flrst-class
j?2 a <5?yi ».uyin«'Sf : cost and worth SJO.WO:
if'H fcrtre.iOO; has rer.teU for J400; now
1 ';r. bv ': -'T-ner. :. -.-.'.¦••-... :.
%" I). 5ICKHLS. the I^asid Agent. 6 Gc-a r y et. 1
JX'u- BARGAIN; rayinp saloon and lodpir.g
fc'tu^e (U rooms;; beet section city front;
p-oi.1 rpa«ors fw f'lint. Apply "WICHMAN. !
Lt'TGEN & CO.. 238 Clay St. :
FIRPT-'T.AFS prrocf.y and bar for sale cheap: I
In one of the b<--st legations ln the city. Ap-
j.;y to Sccretarj- of Grocers' Union, ;i4 Cali-
frrmia ft. ;
AN offer— Grocery and bar; 4 years' lease;
13 jifr month: $Zi to 135 cash rales per day;
the owner Uavtns the city: oall nnd investi-
gate. Business Hoard of Trade, "^ Pine st.
A — Sl^i: SHOT! Fhop an<l repairing: ost.ibllshe<l
T* yrars. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777>,4 Market.
WANTED-- Kor ash. Fa!<v>n from t300 to $«C0;
c^rr.er j.rcferreij. BASILE. 3 EAOj Et.
FOR sai"— Candy *tand; sna]i. Between 44 and
42, <>n Ptocktcn ft.
ETOCK end fixtures of candy and stationery
?tore for sale chean; no agents. 205 Polk Bt.
FOP. •-:•!¦>— A flrst-clays grocery and bar: es-
t->t>"irh»d 20 yeer*: < hoicest part of city;fu"!
\-slue in eltrht; !nng Irase; clears over KW
wrthly. JVix u:s, CeU.
V.'.'.NTHD— Active ijarty with $10,000 or over
:n an r>?tahlished manufacturing business.
A<1<3rr?F box l»r«. Call.
FOn. ?sle— Chrap on account of death, saloon
and fixtures': 3 rooms upstairs. Apply on
prerr.lres. 367C Jlisyion et.
t^r—n A K E P.7 ar.<1 notions: . estab. 14 years:
rrnt tiS; no agents : must sell. Corner Twelfth
and «Vnter 5ts., Oakland. Cal. .-.....'
S"!l'*-PA!y.)ON and 1 bedroom: bargain. C4O
Convra'rcial rt., second door, f rom Kearny. .
I'AKTNHR -wanted in eatablishedcloak manu-
' facturir.jf business. Address box ' 194J, . Call,
: FOR F»le--I : iarb<>r .fhop: pood town; Alameda
.¦¦¦¦; <"o. ; tiargaln. Apply SI j Chestnut st.. Oakland.
A-I > AIlTXEIt:w»jitii<l v.ho Undfr»t»nils real es-
.: .-t.Etftnnd jrencfar brokeraKe business for the
-Htri.a fine *>PM«unity. Icr the ri»?ht man
: SvUh .Bmairrapliai.- r^»x 1S?7. Call offlce.
JPAjt raie— ""Lrouatrytceekly paper: free of debt;
tv.-ll; Jocat^.d: - Iii- uleasantest nart of State;
:; :crr;« easy to rigbt party. . Address box CIS,
office: ; .;.-: I-... .-"• ;.-';:•' " ..¦¦"".¦¦
j-oji rs .u — a eteam laundry In the Sacramento
'.•': ; : VaJle>- dolnc » business from 1100 to S1S0 p»r
«wk: Boother laundry within £9 miles. Box
;V'1Mi. :C«n>3f.flc»y. : :':"¦;. : ¦- : - ..:.." ..: : :
.£AIX">ON and four Uv ing rooms for sale cheap
..at t\' S'.euartrt>: na agents; call at the place.
: K<"»TJ rale <~heajv— I?ak«ry. xvith wagen and two
: : - '; ..hcrset.'. Apnly <32 Klffhth et. :[' I; v
FINE comer to open grocery: rent $2S; worth
>S0. LAYMANCE. <C0 Eighth St.. Oakland.
T"OR SALE— Oyster and chop house; near Sixth
and Market; J300J Box I9G0, Call offlce.
RESTAt'RANT for sale: come and Investigate;
price J100. 5C6 Howard et.
BCSI\ESS. CHAJVCES— -COXTINUED>.
PARTNER wanted In a laiie, pld-.establlshed
. profltabie basiness,; : eohtrolling a /good; .. safe,
' fcolia : «nil. reliable .trade;, owing -to; retirement
".'¦'-' of: lormer nianaee 1 " Cwner has decided ..to sell :
im interest to an acceptable party ;. duties will
, : be ¦ The keeping of - accounts and . assistihiB gent
: rrally Ja -the .. mahagement; of -..the.; business;
:>ne; accustomed -to lioryer preferred:: capital
required ¦¦ JiOtO to;. $lt,GCOi full value In- sight;
l«ook» and business cpen for inyestlpatlbn,-. jr.:
¦ W. Donnelly & : Ci3.,.C2 Market. st4 ,: v : ¦.;:;.'o •;¦ : ; :
GOOD paying, old -established^ : lumber business;
Including sawmill, timber "lands,- yards; lurh-
-¦•: ber etock. .donkey engine^ : horse team*-' etci
H.& F, LyCOpPER.; yeyadaCity. Cab: v-
OtTSlDE route on" this ; paper for^^^ eale,: Apply
Call ; Business office. .-:-.'¦; ¦'.¦¦¦:¦.}¦ '. : - : -:/-- : ; -:'- : . •.;¦"¦"; : '--.;V ."...-'
LARGE./>nt?<j!e;:route: (No,': JOV fc>r salV Apply:
'•;..;¦ at , Ca!l business -office.; ¦'"."¦.': "•'.•' - : ;¦;: ."¦ ,: : ¦. • '¦ •'¦ ¦'¦•¦ ;¦'
TO LEASE frcrn tlie 1st: of SlWrch. Unfurnished
hotel. : broad-gauge itftiior. San Rafael. A P"
..: Ply owner. .IV . l,y<*n st..; San: Francisco. ',;¦• •¦'•'•
FOR yal»-^A bakery.; stationery -a'.hil nqrt|on
store, '.four .rooms • . rent. J?0; : V 106. . JJtevent ti . sti
WAXTKD-Partnrt " ; in gooicl paying brick: yard
:'": b'Jslr.esSi v-SifMOatcGtriery: tt;.",; ¦ ; : - . .-.'.;;','¦¦:';"¦.
I-} WINS J-CO ;)»>r. month nt rapes; Tefere.nces.
" PlAer...: tnforrt:a*!on Ly.-jr.s. 511 Market,. rJ A'-:'.- .'
laXpc.i; Iriside route en :h4s : paper '•.--for-: sale.
¦/.Arr'iy.bu^'.nersefficev ;.•.'..:•;¦ ¦ -.- ¦-."¦¦.'.¦ -.'•./.: /""..- : -.-y.-.v.
CLAP.PiFIED 8<lyertif!.«>ment s ahii •'subscriptions
¦ reoeiveij a t ; Ca.l 1 ii ran c h of ii c; 22H0 Fi llm ore. pv .
1 LOnGI.\G-IU»lJM:s KOR SAI.K.
;r^-ROOM: house on Market .'st :'.'.-:: >'?>;>;
3J-rcom h 3ji.se-;-' rhean. rent....',>;,..":,"......, lOOi
. 7-rocin flat : be.«t pnrt of Citv. _-..„.;.;...; 37S;
72 .;» potts : Very rro3 ; rle.i rs : J1C0. .,. .,...-: ,"; ... !>".1 ¦
ir.ro^jrs;: near '.'Call . o'r.ce. . ,. .. ... *'. .¦.".; , ; .. ¦ 6'X>
'-¦ : 2i tfems; ' sure ta;-o!°ar -JIOO.'.;:. ..;.. ,'¦•;'. .¦'. :¦;¦:>..- iaffi-
¦' .' 24 roc'ms -: on: Ma rket '.-si ¦''. '.:.'.. '.::¦., :',-.". .'..¦. :•.;..: ' -SaO
:';,.'. MONJvYTO I.O.VX AT I>q\VTvST UATES: :
; CP-rortm: birrardins.-h^ii?'"'- .,. -.'.-, $.v;p!>'
¦'¦ 140-room hotel- . r'^^rsJ'W.. ¦.:.,.,::. ;:,., i^JoiV):
;•• '¦' cbmer Jiouise : '¦ cli'ars $.T"0. ; . . -. . . . .-.:. :C006.
.;. :V> rorr?i« ;:'; on- Eddy's!;;. . clears ;$75.',v. .'...'.!., .¦ ;(>'iO :
, :.'jfl rooms : oh Taylnr ,st „" .... .... . . ; ; .'.¦..¦..:¦. i, 4S0
I? rocrras: hew; V.lrsant furhiture > ..:. ; .i...l4T0 r .
. IS riom« " : tip w : : a(*rnhf; c.letirs \$30O. ; ... .>". : . 2C|X) .
H. C. DKCKER. l??0.Mnrl:et: tW. Mliit 736.- - :
: ''¦ ••¦¦•. : - MARiON^GRIFFINiv' '•" : ".' Vr •"¦A-
719 Market, nr.:Call. : Wd?.:::Tel.-BiacJc:lS r p3V::
10 room.", full; no work. SITJ down.;... :..¦., $423.
.f-rWm flat^ cor. ; cl"^ant : "nargnln ; Ficktiess.
12 rooit-.s. rent $40; biy- window corner... vv-i'iO
:1C, rooins. rent JC": llcht.; clears $C3'. ..,-...;;. ' .'-.-SCO".
IS. roorfis, CRT;: new fur.; rent $73,. ...v..';. l .90"
¦22 rooms, refit $35; Income &0mb. ...,:/...', $00
1'6 rooms., cor. ; N. Mkt. -.sunny si dp;.: . .... ICQO
"7 rcctms; newv»lvet >aqi«?;. cak And / .'.
cherry fur.: clears; $173 :a : mo. ; bargain,'. '-¦'.¦.
. 57 rocTrs. Incarne i2'<t\ I'-'.a month:, corner,-... !9"'O
.-. 7? rooms, rent $100- Income $225: full... :,. '2000
.SB rooms, eeniral; hard wo^d; snaP-.-->-r- 1SC0
• 4S rooms, bonion ; clears $150 mo,. .... . ..... 2700
SEE : OV^ LIST OF: :2C0 ; HOI T SES BEFOBE
bviylnp. We have ; them all pl?es and. prices;
I7.-.3— 20 rooms; all one floor;. Geary sti; clears.
t1 r 'fi: only J2.10. oash reoulred. "- : ; : : :¦"-¦..•;. ¦:....
$;o"> <-ash forJl-Toom .htjuye: nicely furnished;
«oo>l location ; balance payments: . -...-:.; -; : : ' :':?.'.'--¦
¦¦:. 1500— For 2I-room . house qn principal stfee.t.;
c!<-a.*"s I73Y facriflred:' for quick sale.. ¦';;•. : ; : ;--.
Vacant houses furnished :-.,;'.../.i :>'.;..'...'.:,.,;
We furrlsh the raowv.. you pay »<; ydu can.-
DONALD IN VEPTMENt: CO.. S30 Market.:.
en ROOMS;: newly Turnii'hed: 'rent. $1^0:::;;,'. $3PPfl :
tt ro^ms Ya n . Ness : finely furn. ; ejtra". .: ?iW-
\V> ronim-. UTA; }0, rorams, <jutck .'..... ..::,'-!.. :'3."iO
. : SS50 buys 14 cleijar.-ly fufnisiT'd rooms: ..nit
hair, rnatfrosseis; he't-.of. betiding; clears i" f65
month; r»nt r>hlv f*>2 jP; big bargain: best lo-
"': cation,. FISHER; & Cjr«,, l;C32 Market ?t.;;-.' '.. .'.
WINSTON & WOLf7^0:5 >*arket"st.';- ; ! V>: ; o
• i* ¦ i-6a.it »: rfjht to0;:pni-t >»sH... ¦¦...;. ..^/¦¦¦. ?32OO.
. Mrrort!": Corner;-" rent "fTT.: :,...;.-.... .iv..-.- 5 3<W
.'¦.'rn- t'ec'msi.;br?n<.' r.**-,: ,$v r ' p/1 cp p h. ;,..;,.:.;.. ?wvi;
44 rncms; .ceritrnl.: ' : pa.rt :ca«h.;...^;...... : ..."i2*p
.^2 rooms; -mi^tyseti;. see it... .»;-., i.. ;;;..!. :';&%
LOT>OI>:O-51< >r ; SJ:S^-=iz<>s > ahii prices. t<S cuit
ail buyer!': Utlos.-jraarahi'eed;": rtiohey. loaned
ln'jyers; befefs buying call: .:;¦•. •¦"; •'.•• ¦; :-¦'¦- ;•; '.'.'-¦ -
•¦¦•:¦;.¦. :.'-.-.:-v.-'v. i =- ;;
; Phoii* Mlrt l^l'.-'lt /Market, pt". bet.- 5th&; Gth,' :
CALL and see our list of -bargains in houses:;
¦w? have them in any part, of "the city and.pt
any rri^e. EfRSXA REAL : ESTATE. CS
¦'¦'¦ ? ljitil ' : /'H.' ; -'"' : > / - : - V -''"-''- : '.^-; ; -.-' :: '/"'
FOR «ai e— JfiCO ; fe wet. fl?. t : <ot y '¦ la rt;e. sunny: f u -; .
r.irhed rooms.anrt bath: all- rented: .-3 .'r.Dorns
pay rent- will keep one. fcr- $1! a. month;-
:;c«htra.],.; ;T!o5c.. HrK \ Call dfflce.; ...-";'.. '.;, ;; : '/ '-"•" !¦ ¦":
*5S - o-r.2 rooms:- fine/ ]c.ratinri: well .furnished;
" :ali:r?Pted: low rent: BASILE, 3 Eddyst, .;-. '.'
Wi?:TKD-^Lo<lBlng-house,, 20 to 50 rooms., SOC
, 2Iark€f ; ¦¦*'(.. room S, ¦¦'.-. '¦'. .. ¦ .-,. :¦.¦".¦¦¦..;¦:'. V
JSOO— MODERN hous?. is rooms,: good furniture;
Rhvays. full; rent $14; bargain. 834 FolForri «-t.
BARGAlN-^10 rooms, elegar.tTy furnished. 13.'
O- Farrell ' St. --. : . : ; . '
LODCINO-HOrSE of 10 rooms for sale cheap.
•440 Third st. ... . ' . ,¦
.;..;:; SriKITl'AUSJI. . :=¦¦¦¦ •
ARRIVKD — The celebrated gj-psy. : Prince. Les- •'
t?r, -whose free tcfts, calling your. name, the
nnme cf the one you love and the name of
the one ; cu will marry, for 0 short' time:.
the only medium in. the fo pure of. hl«
ocr"jlt power that he will give every person:!
who- comes nrer-ared A wonderful, free test. :'
Call'Or. write v.-jth stamps for: p.tiswer/ 15S?'-|
Market St.. oppesite Odd .Fellows'. ;IlalK'. '..•'•.]
THE FOSTF.RS. Occid»ntaf Hall. SCV^Larkln i
St.. corner McAllister — Sunday, March- 3; -at ¦'$'.:}
: 10p. tests: S, 25c, matfrtaliTatlon; lndepend-ent: j
writing on your ov-n seaJed slates; .cor-ylrid{ng.j
tests; music.--':.; ;.; '¦"'¦'.:'¦'¦.¦ .[, . : ' '¦ i '.'..'- : 'x'- : ,\
A— MRS: :J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business I
.' medium.: life reader, medical clairvoyant: sit- i
tingR. Jl. 1164 O'Ferrell.nr. Gough. Ellis -car;: |
KARL EBERHAROT'S spiritual test meeting j
;to-rj^t. ; ' lPc- 22"iO Twenty-seCond : st., be- !
tween Mission and \'a'.encla. ' : .-.¦•.¦ • ;.•'_-. I
EARLE. COT. Taylor— I^ast seance Sunday night,
rythian Hall. 909 Market St. . .• .
MRS. HARLAND'S cire. to-night; articles read;
«f'c; prophetic readinss daily. 148 Sixth st. * '
Cj V. MILLER, materializing seance, S p. m,
: 50c- : .lt£4 Bush St. .-'-•¦
EARLE, 305 Taylor St., corner Ellis— Sittings
daily; seance Tuerday and Thursday.
MRS. LKSTER— Re?.(J!n?s, Me; circle every eve
.' ex. Pat.. 10c; devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
MRS. '.VEST, wonderful medium and healer;
readings daily. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
MRS. HOTTER, 34 Sixth st.. rm. 15: circle to-
DlKht. lCc: sitting daily: gents, tl; . ladles. rOc.
MHS. 1X)UISE «. DREW*. Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer, room 14. 305 Larkin st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3.!J McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily : tefts to all to-night; 10c.
CI.AIRVOVA.VT8.
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever ln San
Krancisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS,
The wcrld'R greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted daily on all affairs of
life; he advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful ln business, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns is beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
bthI clairvoyant in the world to-day.
There Is no home so dreary or sad. no life
so hard and blighted, no heart so sad and
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this inspired prophet or modern
times; all long-standing, and chronic diseases
that have baffled the physician's skill curpd
wltlicut the use of medicine; he reunites the
sopaiated. Fettles lovers' quarrels, causes
speedy and happy marriage. locates hidden
treasures, removes evil influences; cures fits;
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge: tells if your loved one is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
desire; also that which a person is best adapt-
ed for in life is pointed out; he enables you to
overcome your enemies; no matter what your
trouble is. he can and will help you cr
charge you nothing for his services.
N. B.— Palmistry taught; medlumlstlc per-
sons dfTeloped. 26'.$ Kearny ft., near Market.
Readings by mall.
If you cannot cali, rrrlte. Give date of birth,
stat" whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss: ask six
questions: incloye tl. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS *
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St., next Examiner building.
She reads your life correctly, gives nn'accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If ycu nre in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied ln life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
i'-c' .tip;-, perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. E. SANDERS, tl'v Quaker medium and
palmist, teaclres :?rti.r;d. viUration. the greatest
seor»t on earth;-. is .business men. untold
wealth, reunites lovers and brings home ab-
rent husbands. *ons -or daughters; 15 years'
experience. 1104 Market st.. .-room 28. '-..' .-
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is -permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave.. 'rooms 25
and 2$; take elevator. Pecfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for. pam-
phlet with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card*"
-eader. born with double veil^-second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladle* 50c,
gents tl; palm, and clalr. Fit. $1 ".0. 126 Turk.
LSMAIt, the Egyptian gypsy, . clairvoyant and
. palmist, permanently located IMS Market, op.
Cth: private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MRS. E. M. DUVAL.. clairvoyant, business me-
dium; mining a specialty. 215 Kearny. r. 8-10.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
tfst medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson Bt, cor 6th.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypey. Is the great palm-
' 1st ar.d card reader; 25c 7 Seventh at.HOTEL AK-B.IV AJ^S.
PALACE HOTEL
J M EmsfleV-Qiilncy- ; •
H Marble.: Cal ,•¦••¦•:'¦
F A. Ingersoll. ->T. I -.-.
j yv- Haiti ;-.cav. ¦-¦'• •¦:.-"•
Mrs; CM Scfiwab, Pa.
>i ¦:$ J. fc'vhwa bv Pa . • .' • J
Mr* -K Schwab, -Pa !
M R \Varrd & w; Pa :
e it t:\itii: & w;-. p»; '
W: Jt -Ha'ir.tnond,: Orov|l
II; C Llndoi: ft '¦ V.;; Proy
A *y- ¦¦ST-iirig : .& V. Mass
M. McAvoy, vCinD-. .. ¦••:;-.•
I McAvoy, Cinn.'
It Ft Uowrhani Cinn..:
T>: Buchanan,; Sltnh : '.
J ;v>' X'ttle & ;>..'. Minn
0-. Lipiiman'. N 'Y : '. :-.' ";
H A' r>evi« t. tv. Pa ¦
Mis-rll. Ijftvis, Pa -
N : -'n.' : i»i'.hn<spr>- ' Portld
A- B Thomas.; X Y; ;•'.•;'¦¦:
A . : J '." H ou * ton,-- Cl \i v e 1 h <1
D E . Bradley & w; TIT
W ' H ;Lj-ort .- & ¦ w. N Y
Miss .Lyon.- ' New York.
M!»S:' Owings. NV Y
V- I'-Gibney;:* w^:N{T
E -Chunibcrs,- 'tos'- An's
II G itelginirerV- US N
¦G.-.Jl Iiu«h : Spok'tiiie' - ' •
G --S Hiiiiries; Salt Lake
\V : ftoberts & w. ;¦ USA
U L Ftilton. Reno. V
R E Jack, S L OWspo
.8 •R'vsjnstein & :w, : 111
C. A Luster; Dwltfth '.
C E Mack, Clnn . =':
A FT Pntchard. Seattle
R Kattidraley. Pittsburg
A S Garretson, Buftalo
A Hlrsch, Ky ¦
C F Street, Dayton /.
A WKinlth; N Y ;•. -.. :
V: If Ka«6rt; :: Boston '. .
K IV Judkln. Boston
C A Lancaster, Boston
\V A Sherman; . Boston
Ml«s M : Sherman, Best
F Sht'rniiin,.. Boston . ¦ .
0 Luriirnah, N Y •- .:'¦":
Mra \V. AVoodrow. • Cal
Alls-. J T'cx-kstater. Cal
\V H •¦ Stewart, USA ¦"¦
B W Fteliiman,. Sactp
A :P. TodJ & w. Pa
W J Austin & w. Colo
R M.-F noble, Seattle
WE Stewart Jr. L*SA
¦E'Eyai.ff.' Buffalo ;• ¦.,-
J M ; 0: jlarble. Loi An
M O Morehouse, Cal
MlBsei«.Morehouse r Cal
J . A firent. Cat- .-. •/•••.
t\V W6rthinB, Stockton
I A : B : Itamnxond, : \ : Y .
I W A ; GdVslln. Prrtlnd
!O E: Wilhart & w: Cal
IT Gpebel, Stanford : •
1 Mm J Kehdrlek, N Y
iW-S. : Stitt..N'.,Y'--.. ¦'•-¦
!-t D Hine. New Tork
E M.O-Brten, Chicago
OR'A-KO HOTEL
J.I J Phillips;-Pprtlana-
il: B Bush, Spokane: • -
H B, Burns, Los Ang..
F M Selby, Ohio .
J Zurnbro, Ohio: ¦¦.'¦¦¦'
fi 11 Stevens. Uafcersfld
C. HShivel, Jteddrnr ..
Jilrs :C Gordon, N. Y. ; -..|
Mrn'-.E'-F' Olive, ¦••N-.-!r.i.1
I ¦ Bonnar, • Fresno- --.'.-/: j
J Porteous,. Loh Ane . .'¦ !
P -FGTeen,. Santa Rosa]
T. JI: James, Orovillev
E-'iVLuney, Lodl: . ¦:.'¦ C.;\
BW.Pickett &,w v .Nev-
A' Lemleiix. Montreal .
LA Blasilrigame. : Cal
Mrs T SCbtt. Sacto . . '
G W Both well; Los An
G ; M Leser,. '-'Milwaukee i
M K I^ambert & w; 111]
W B Allen- <&w,. Cal. ' ¦!
X-'T:. Lusch; Iowra ¦ ; • • ..'.- ¦: -j
p M .Snawd'en, -CleveW
G E Slocum & w. Mlchj
D 6 Cook. San DieBO *j
:W:H -Mouse'r & w. Cal.
tlllatch. Santa Barbra
MIssC AVooden, B C
HA. Bell & w, Sac. • . .=
A B Canfleid> Los An«;
Mrs : J J Thompson, Cal
(T A-Dooghetty, Cal ::-¦.;
F* S Rbmraage, Auburn
,tH liatcheri Auburn -.
NV \V Patterson, Colo :
DI McFall. Nevada C
H W ileath & w, Cal
L'. IBelsort, Los Ane :
O M H»rri. X Y : . .
A ¦ Kohn, -.- Qrass Valley :
JH Brown. Salt Lak9
O Brooks. Salt Lake ¦¦'/¦
Mrs AVhlpple. Deeoto
T A Leach, Decotb '¦'¦'. : :•
C Emnphj-, Cal : ¦¦ : . ' '•
J.P Downs, Stockton :
WE Rooker & w. Cal
JJ'-Fox. N Y '-.'¦ '¦¦:¦¦
,T -AV- AbbAtt. Salt Lake
O E :¦: Little. Chicago
F D Halm. Salt Laka .
J D McGllray, Denver
II Sturrock. Cal . .
CF Fester. Cal ....
J McCarthy & . w;' . Colo
KEW"n'ESTERX HOTEL.
J Brady, Cal; :,"¦ • 1
J Smith & w, Oakland
S P. Smith,. Cal . ; ;
R Lee & w, Phoenix: .
C A Daiilen. Mass . : •
J GroRan, Mass .-..;•.
J Hullihan, Cal i
S T Richardson. Mo j
J J Monckton. N Y -.".J
A Kelly. Chicago I
I'M J' Colman, : Cinn .:• :
J Burk. Cincinnati :
J V Walt. Cal .; ;{..;¦
H Hohmann, Fresno : .
J A stoctel, ' Spokans
.1 Ilonon, L Banos
IE : Holllngshead, Fresn
A Vanankencourt, Bsn
W Black. Reno
1J II Honson. Denver
Oil Boom in Shasta.
KESWICK; FebV K.— Ths oil boom Is on
in Shasta (County, althpugh there Is as yet
not a single oil prQaucing well In the
county. Njrie. developing, companies have
already . been .Incorporated and ; as many
more are under wajv Every one of the
oil companies Is seimii? stock and gettlne
ready to bore wells .on -their holdings.
Two. have already got their riga up and
boring has commenced. The regions ope
rated by the various fncorporattons ' are
Widely -scattered over the wide expanse
of Shasta- County:. and every one of them
has Indicatlohs that ; are considered merl
toripiis by those, capable of Judging those
things;'. ;:¦'.. •: :.¦¦¦-.' -:'¦¦; : . ¦''-.- :"¦¦ : .' : '.¦-.. . : ~}.y
WANTEDFOE MUEDEB.
Murray Cecil Is Taken East From
Los Angeles.
LOS ANGKLES. Feb. 28.--MurTay CeciU
alias Henry I>ent, colored, was arrested
Friday evening on a warrant from Dalian.
Tex., charging- him with the murder of
Joe Gulnne In June. 1900. The) men quar
reled over a debt of J4, and Cecil plunged
a. knife intQ Gulnne's neck belov,- the left
ear. drawing It across: the throat to the
right side and almost severingr Gutnne'8
head from his body. Great secrecy was
maintained about : Cecil's arrest. : Ho was
not hooked at the. station .and "when a
Dallas Cphstahle arrived here yesterday
afternoon the murderer was immediately,
turned over to him and officer and pris
oner left for the East last night." : . ; ; -¦':¦
INTERESTS THE- PEOPLE
¦ : ¦ : % '¦:, OF v THE ; PACIFIC : ¦'¦CO i AST
Biver ; and Harbor Bill Ca^es Some
V Large /Appxbpri atibns f or i€
¦¦; '- r . '¦'[':.¦¦' V ¦:':'; in California; v ; ;;',;- :.:!:;:/ i.;
¦¦¦' .WASHliCGTO'JIv-:.E'efau-:28.— Tlie. jfollowirig
Postmasters . have , been xbmrrirssitonecl:
Washington— Daisir C. \V. Dean, Holly:
Mark Wallls; Elk.' . ' ¦ . ,. ... . .; ;\ ¦ :^
...Postmastiers'have' beeii aroolnted as fol
lows:- California— M.-.'L. SuVherland, Kra
mer, San Bernardino County, vice Li C.
Cottlngtpri, resigned. • . .: v,r. ' .:. :
Washington— E. F. Howard; Bucyrus,
Clallam County, vice Lincoln Sands, re
signed; Jerome Rice, Fairfleld.. Spokane
County, vice W.H. Butler, resigned.
The postoffl ce. at Sebastopol , Gal. , will
become presidential on April 1, the salary
of the Postmaster being $1000. ; .
The river and harbor bill passed by the
Senate to-day appropriates for the Im
provement of harbors: San Diego. Jod.OOO,
and continuing contracts, $217,850; San
Luis Oblspo, 550,000; San Pedro, $112,*-00;
San Francisco, removal of Blossom Rock;
Oakland. $50,000, and cbntkiuing con
tract, $612,135; impounding mining debrln
in California, $150,000, provided the State
Of California shall have appropriated $400.
000 for the prosecution of the project and
that the cost of sites or work and mate
rial shall be equally divided between the
United States and California. < , : ¦ :;:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAUL, FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1901.
11
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) . j
1 1 DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMER3.
10 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School.
• ¦ Telephone . South 80.
I* McAVOY & CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS, I
1239 Market st., between 8th and 9th. I
Telephone South 247. |
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
27 and 29 Fifth St.? Tei South 167.
IUHEBAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEB3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.
CREMATION.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
The charge for cremation to church members
and members of organizations having presiding
officers and secretaries and their families i 9
130 All others $35. Expensive coffins and or-
naments are seldom used. A niche in the Co-
lumbarlan Is a monument and saves the cost
of a lot and its care and atone work. Send for
circular.
. GEORGE R. FLETCUER, Manager.
RAILWAY: TBAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
1 Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Ean Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a «:00 p 4:20 p;
Ar. Stockton.. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:23 p 1:17 p 115 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:33 p 3:05 a
•' Hanford.. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:0« a
." Vlralla.... 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare.... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a ........
" Bksfleld... 8:50 p 6:20 p 7:20 a
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 3:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
8:00 a. rn. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars throueh to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train- arrives at 5:55 p.m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8:00 v. m. la the Overland Express, with
through Palace and .Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresn». Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping at
all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— Ml Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; HIS Broadway, Oak-
land. • - .-¦ ,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
, Vm SAosolit* F«rry.
Commencing September 10, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
¦ AND SAN RAFAEli. " -
WEEK DAYS— «:55. '9:15. 11:00 a, m., »1:«.
3:15 4:00, 5:15. *S:\l, 6:40 p. ra.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— "8:00, »I0:00. »ll:30.a. m., *I:15.
»-15, *4:45, 6:30. 9:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin,
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:20, »6:30. 7:45. f:30 a. m..
•12:30, 1:45, *3:30. 4:30. 6:20 p. m. 1
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and - Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAY3-6:20. »8:C0. •10:00. '11:45 a. m..
•1:40. »2:15, 4:45, '6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (•> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:45, 6:43, 7:55, »:30 a. m.,
11:35 2:10, 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
- EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:03. J:I5. 1:30,
5:00, 6:43 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINO..
6:55 a. m. week days— Cajadero and way
stations. - '
1:45 p. rn. Saturday*— Tomales and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales and way
stations. \^: ¦¦:;-•.•¦.;
•-»••»'•'¦' ntOPOaALS. "*" ' ' * \ '
I'JtGPOHALS for Shirting Flannel— £>epqt <Juar-
termastfci'H Office, ..S6 Kew Montgomery st.,
San Francisco, CaL. rebruary 1C, 1301— SealoU
proposals, : hi . triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10. o'clock a. m. Saturday,
.March 2,. 1001, Pacific Standard TJme, and then
• < pened, -for furnlcblno; &0.C1K) yards dark blue
«hirtlr.jr.' -flannel, subject to SO i^er cent In-
crease If desired by this department. Prefer-
. eneo will- be given to articles of domestic
production' and- manufacture, conditions of
price iind qualify beinjj equal < Including In
the price of foreign production and manufac-
,tur^- the. duty thereon), and such preference
' will be ctwn to articles pt; American produc-
tlen and jnnnu'actiire produced en the Paclllc
¦ Const,'. to the extent 1 of the consumption re-
quired Jiy the •:• public Kerviea there. The
¦ ITnited iStites. -reserves: the rieht to accept or
.\rc-Ject ar.y or all '•' proposals or any part there-
•of. Trtfor-naticn and blanks for .proposals
will be furnished on application. Envelopes
; containing proposals will be . indorsed "Prc-
poHals No." l.'S-"." and addressed to Major
: ':O8CAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S. A'ols..
I>pct Quarter/natter.
TltEAPrUY Department, ORice Supervising
Arrhitert. WaahlngtcH, D. C. Feb. 21. 1301.—
¦ Fealeii pi-nposrils will be received at this of-
. fire until : o'clock p. n».. on the ;3th day of
Mr.rcli. 1301, nnd tlion openpd. for the con-
struction and completion of n Cabin Pas-
*rnRer House at th.> San Francisco Quaran-
tine Station. Angel Island. California. In ac-
cordance with drawing and specification,
coplos of which may be had at the discretion
of thf- Supervislns Architect, by applying to
this office or to J. NV. Roberts, superintendent
• of con»truction. at the New Postofflce. San
¦ -. rrancisco. California; JAMES KNOX TAY-
. LOH, Supervising Architect. : . . .
TREASURY Dopartmcht, of flee of Fupervlsln?
.Architect, Washington, D. C: '.' February 23,
11*01;— ?eal««d rrpposals --will be rec-eiveil at this
o.rnce tmtil 2 otclsclc p. m.- on the Cth day of
April, 1901, and then, opened, for the conMruc-
tlon (except hi-'atlns: .ipparatus, electric. wiring
and conduits) of th> United States Postofflce
at. Oakland.- Cal.. in accordance, with draw-
. Ihps anil specifications, copies of which may
be had at this office or at the office of the
. .Postmafter-at Oakland.. Cal., at the discretion
or the- Superyteinff Architect. '"¦ ' ¦
. . ; : JAHES KNOX TAYLOR. .
¦ Sui5><?rvtstng Architect.
. LEGAL AUVKnTlSEJlE.VrS.
OFFICE of the' County Clerk, and ex-offlcio
Clerk of the Doard of Supervisors, of th*
County of San Mateo. State of California.
NOTrCE OF SALE OF FRANCHISE. .
. I'ublla notice Is hereby given that en the
ISth day of February. A. I). TJOl. V,'; D. K.
GiBSO.V. as applicant, made t6. and filed
wjth. the Board of Supervisors of the County
of San Mateo. StHte of California, a written
application for ' a franchise- and privilege,
which said application was, and Is, In the
words and fiuui-es foilpwine, to-wlt: :
. *!To' the Honorable the Board of Supervisors
of the County of ban. Mateo,- State of Cali-
fornia: - ¦ • • •'¦¦':¦ .-- ¦ -.-' ... .' .- ¦ ¦
' ••Gentlemeri:: I hereby apply- to your hon-
orable body fora franchise and privilege to
construct find . operate a gingle or double
track railroad, of . standard gauge, for the
' period of mty years, with the privilege of
erecting and. maintaining the neceasary poles,
wires and appliances for an electric trolley
system, upon the. following public highways
• in the county -of San Mateo, State of Cali-
fornia, to-wlt: .. • . . '-.. -.. •: -.' . -. ,-..-'
'. '¦'% , Over, upon - and across 'the Mission
county road on a center line distant forty
feet, more or less, from its intersection wlt>i
the »&terly line of the right.of way of the
. Southern Pacific Railroad Company at Baden
- croseins, . ¦ . •• ¦ .-.'.¦-.
. ¦¦¦!. Over, uoon and across that county
r<?ad at San Bruno known as San Bruno lane.
adjacent and parallel to the westerly line of
.- the right of way of the Southern Taclflc
.•Hai.'rcad.Com^finy. ; '¦¦¦}:;. ¦'••.••..¦.'. . ,. ¦
¦ ''%. -.Over,- upon :and acrogs -. that county
road at San Bruno known as the. San . Bruno
road, adjacent- and rarallel to the -westerly
- line of: the right .of way or th« Southern Pa-.'
" xiflc. Railroad Cotiipany, '¦ .•¦•¦¦' -1; ...'¦ ' ¦¦ : .. •-.
. -.;. "4, Inahs townslte lcnown as theMiUbrae
. : yllla .Tract, atone.- .-over ahd ; upon- that e'er-r'
¦ tuln street known as. Railroad avenue:, which: ¦
... lies' adjacent, -to the westerly- line ; of th«
. rlBht.oX. way. of the Southern l'aelnd.Raiil-
- rond Comrany.' from the : northerly boiiritlary
- litie cf Fald Mlllbrae: VHla Tract-- to: the soathr
• e.rly . line thereof, -vi'ith.the .'•neoessary -'.turn-.
. ¦ outs; and over; -upon- and -across:' said iMfl)-
: -brae avenue, -befiyeeh liailroaO ; .uveiiue-. an>i
- .Hemlock avenije, : lo the- sputiverly: line- erf ¦
j ,-'.eald.- avehue. -'... ¦.¦;.-, \".~* : - ¦¦.'¦¦-: ; ."• ;'..';'-."". ¦-."¦;' ;¦.''.'¦:"'.
¦ : ;' : :;S. Over, upon arid across that ¦county.' road.
. .'.at • Hu.rllngame krioTtn as- Kuril "ngam.e ¦.av^ri-ue,.'
where Sari' Mateo drive.- if: leXtendjsdj would;
Intersect ?aiiayeiiue:. ¦--... . ..-. : ¦.'.•¦••.'
';.'¦.: "6.- ' ¦ pver. . upon and -across, that /certain
: rojid .km>wh:as Peninsular -aveRUfe ; at Its 1n- :
.tersectlpn with that: road : in .Howard's ; Bur- .
: '-4i : np« tr.e tawnsite- fchown-as :Sah. ; llatcfl drive: ¦
I' ¦•'•'-•.• VTnpetherf with' ail necessary: sVrHch'e* arid'
'• turhptts. -' '¦ '•.-¦-'.¦¦'.-¦'¦¦¦'. ' : ¦-¦:' •'..-'-'¦ • •'.- "::.'.'
!-:¦ r "'"1 resTw^ctfiilly -eisk: tlidt roiir ' Konorabl*
. . IJoard' 'ntlv<rti?e tlsla- applicatloiv'' In accord-
:' ..nnce'.wlt.h-.the:prcvision!s- of:tli?. a'r?t entitled,-.
-.: "An act-.' tn' ; arr.f fii iri flCt'fri'tltJtd.'' ''An-'act-
:-. . r-rovldi-nit for .'fhip. iale-'o-f railroad' and other
¦ fraicJiUes .In 'iriunlclralitles,- and' relative t£'.
¦prantinji ©f franchises.' " appruved. March- 23/ :
IS1'3, by amending section \ uf said act,' ap-^
¦ proved March lfl. . 1897."' ¦' ¦.-' ' : .. !: V>.; '¦ ¦
. • "Dated Redwood City, California, Fcbru--
.'.ary -12th. 1S01. . ' -, . ': '. •-.•. : ¦¦".:¦• •
••T\*. D. K.: GIBSON. Applicant."
Arfd public notice is herehy. further Klv»n
thut en the tald ISth day of February, 1991; In
open session of the raid Board
the eald application was read arid considered,
whereupon said board voted, and by resolu-
tion duly adopted, determined and Jinnoilnce.4
that It proposed to grant said application,
franchise and prtvilege. and directed that. the
:' fact that an application for «uch franchise
and privilege had been madf to : said board,
.tosether with a. statemenf.that : it ¦wk8,.an.d-
ls, proposed by said board to prari :.th-e eanif
be jidvertised In The- S«ri Franclt.ro ¦ Call; a
daily -newspaper ,pubJI?hed In. the '- city arid
county of San. Fraftclsco. State of Cftliiornia;
I : as provided by law and aa directed Dysa:d
! refolntlon; ¦"..¦•..•":' ¦ : . '.'.•• •.•.¦. . :
f- ¦ And public notice l(<h.fr«by.fu:rtt.*r'K!verithit
'. the character oif. thefran.chise and prlyijegt pr<?.-
¦ posed to be ifanwd by said board is to:con-
':>tfuct,and operate A single- or double, track
. " raliroad.of. Btandard cauge, with; the prlvi-i.
' 'lege of erecting .and maintaining the n>e#a- :
'sary. pol«*. wires- and appliances for ari-.elec-
: trie trolly system., and the term of Its Cdn-
¦ tlnuahce la fifty yrars, and the .router-.tb b"S
-. traversed by sald : railroad is -over,' upon ; and
: acr68» the wads, highways and Etreets men-
.tloned In »ald application. • ¦"¦: ¦•:.•..¦
: -'And public notice ts hereby further 'given'
that pursuant to law; and the said resolution
of »«id board and as thereby, and as therein
' directed, . the said Board of Supervisors pro-
pose* to prant th<» 6ald application, franchise
and privilege prayed for by said applicant,
and that on Monday, the first day of April
' A. D. 1S01. at the hour of 10 o'clock a. m,.
at the chambers of said board, at the Court-
house In Redwood City, in the county of Sari
Mateo, flat? of California, bids or tenders
will be received by said board for such fran-
chise and privilege, and that eald board will
then and there, in open session of said board,
read said bids and tenders and consider an-1
act thereon, and will award said franchise
and Drivlleze to the highest bidder, and In
accordance with the act of the Legislature
mentioned In said application.
By order of aaid Board of Supervisors made
and dated this ISth day of February. A. I).
1501. M. H. THOMPSON,
County Clerk, and ex-offclo Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors, of said County of
San Mateo. State of California.: .
By H. W. SCHABERO, Deputv Clark.
(Seal of Board of SuperTlsors.) ;
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of Ban Francisco. State of California — In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poratlon. upon Its application for a judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. 75,357, l>pt. 10.
Notice is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of the
State of California, and having; Itn office and
place of business in the city and county of
Fan Francisco,, State of California, has filed
its application,' duly verified and signed by a
majority of Its board of directors, a-Idressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of Ean Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a judgment of dissolution of paid
corporation; and that Monday, March 25th.
190!. at 10 o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of
•aid court. Department No. 10, In the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been Rppolnted as the day, time
and place for the .hearing of said application.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February, 1901
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE, Clerk. '
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 1901. WM. A. DEANK
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerlc.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, Stale of California—In the
matter of the estate of THOMAS M. CLUFF.
deceased. Probate No. 22.SC9, Department 10
Notice for publication of time appointed of
hearing petition for appointment of trastee,
C. C. P. 1702.— Notic* Is hereby given that
Friday, the Sth day of March, A. D. 1901. at
10 o'clock a. m. of that day and the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said court, at
the New City Hall, In the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, have
been appointed as the -time and place for
hearing the petition of MARGARET V.
CLUFF for the appointment of WILLIAM
CLUFF as Hole trustee for ALFRED
THOMAS CLUFF (a minor) under the last
will of said deceased.
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP. Deputy Clerk.
Indorsed: .Filed February 25, 1901. WM. A.
DEANE, Clerk; by V. F. NORTHROP,
Deputy Clerk.
JOHN H. DICKINSON, attorney for execu-
tors, room 25. third floor. Mills building.
MAURI AGE LICENSES.
The folio wing marriage licenses were. Issued
yesterday: • '¦ V • :>
August C. Flndel, 23, 21 Franklin street, and
Julia Cazneau. 24, 130 Fern avenue. ¦
Frank B. Lewis, 21, Forbestown, Cal., and
Ethel V. Larimore, IS, Forbestown. Cal.
Alvln J. Thomas. 25. Kansas City, and IIul-
dah Young, 20, Kansas City. . . • . <
Georce J. Jackson, 31, 71S Valencia street,
and Edith Pots, 21. 705 Valencia utreet.
Oustav . N. Koeppel. 27, 799 Filbert street,
and Lucy Glaus. 20. New York City. •• -
Davit Housh. 75, 214 Chattanooga street, and
Sabra E. E. Foster, £5. 214 Chattanooga street.
Carl M. Andrasson. 35. SOI Powell street, ami
Mario Blafwotti. 35. 801 Powell street. ¦ \:".Mri2flW
Herbert K. Tracy. 28, 2407 California street,
and Anna Michaels. 25. 1232 Union etreet.
Gustav TSupch, SO, S29 Mission street, and
Delia Buscb, 40, 623 Mission street. '
¦:'.,. -OIL. ¦.,¦-.¦
I'-"€MJUSES lii fta«StJ«t"O'l Cor.rpcpr:: '.tnart .
-.•irc.J. A.MrT - On n-r. i>>.x : l^X Call .o^ce.. I
~ 3o<= v V\ \ lT~T< '¦' rLITZ. "-"fl l'Ine rtreet. -.'
rtMHE-i Vi^:>i v ei:k' oil kxchaxge. :
CMtstry r-orroi-;icr»J'-"C^ SDliclted. • .- r
OIL LAM)3FOn_ SALE.
CTI. I.AXI?' '.' . ¦ j
ll n nrrcs In Tchama. Co.. three miles from i
< --rri.-iR Oil <"¦ • working $4000 plant. ¦¦ . -¦ \
IN uero» in Stem Co. jiprtly rencM. with ;
hott»A ar,d ,l'.">-.t!y fumUflKd. U*. A. JAMES, ,
• ivr'r, ,:. f S-mith's C^sh' Store.
T<~*iR «iV— ;'r.:m:ir-iv.vl laud. So miles north of
I'a::e:-yr;::.;, ci:csi' *rr cash. : Address bJ2X 71«'»i.
: : V-«'.y.;. - - ' ''..¦ '[¦'¦ . ¦-. j
1*AI\'I'EKS AXD; DKC«R ATO1VS. • ; -
all pr-;<v.w ini1''w-:*hadeii; roorar pai* rfd, S3
¦jp. ¦J' l r,«rn A Path; D'S S'stii : open «ven!r^».;
rALMISTUY; :¦ ..
!I JEUOMK 5Xi!=SELLI~!5CtffpT;nc^i>aJrnlFT. 515 j
: : Taylor ex.: b"- Qejtry and P.;i; tei: Ulack 'Ci.
I'AHTNr.HS WAMLD. :
' WAJi«TEJ>— Actjv* rr.Ln to Any Interest !n ium- )
Her <osn»«t»y; Iiox 19S5. CaM. .. ¦ ' : ¦'¦ ¦ . ¦
1'AVKNTS AMI I>|:>>1 !!^
free; i5«> rharSe ut:>» ' -cucecnsful.
•;•.' j> I'AMt'i'.Ki.L. Lnayr. "Examiner \tlz.-.
ritHM>\Ai;S. i:-'
A~-1F V9tir hair ¦> failing or : :you -are; bald, call j
OB I'll. "O. tv Mi ~ •:':.. <*'¦ .<;<*b!.v. et.i and you .! •
' v :; -..-? 1 e «.:'ii', pciiu^J; this remedy 1«. pesli ?
' x:'-» '.•.;.¦.;¦¦:....•••• .. • -- i- «.r «-«:iu for Circular..;.*
tvtLl b«».-.thfrf'^.%-,,/'.:';'.. : -.'-'r-;-: [ :: -::'"/':'.'¦/.-'• ': / '.'.; 1
J V.'II.i.'-Ti-.t 1-" " r*-¥';eT.Kibl*'.~?cr any bill* that f
¦tjtt '¦ ;:•!:.-!"'. 1 V raj. «ife ; - MRS." GKOUGBj
¦ RAIN' v •• •-¦'.'- : : '^'f. '¦ Vrbniary ,2S:,'.
.;R''KO'"'t.t" iraTi '¦¦hTiriir?**ins. . .IiSlr. work, mart- '
-"' ' loirf^Hg: rriv-al- \r?rya<<-r r-ias«.. Ml»5fS A. •A*'. !'
T">vi.--r. ¦•- * ii.-vk.-.. l«-t, ,l»oj4t'a-nd V*n Ness. |.. :
i\ V r'::KLV: fu:*,s to .'-orsl^r'- frcrir-.- Genuine 1
h. JU uii; fine dret* -*Uit5V$20 up; *!e-'i
pant \?rv«-:VoaTs.: ?15 CK, ''X^OON LEVOS. 1117'
M^rlirt f t.. -TietT.een -Sfvyrithi.. «nd Klghth. . ; ... j
IT. ;>;... \TKi?r:oc'.ivewr^x;:.r<;8>r,rahle:-: VatcsT '}&¦'¦¦¦
I •• r.\;H. r or.-<». J, H;>tiAY. S57 Jessie St. ;.. .
A: J* Sj T>K::!JY «:-,dTrJr,ri kats. tl 75.- Popu^'. ¦¦.
i-- Price Hstterg,.-- : '¦') ' K-arn^- «}., n»«r 'Pin*.-. 1
; riNr n'itF. 110; dre«p pan^t. J2 75. mTffIT J
rARLOR^^^.Mftntgomery^tti-l}. ;
'M A Sy L'EIl* nr.- o.ns'f 'j.ir^-.<:-:^!ay • \uxilv r ''.".xiiiiii$'
. t ¦• -intry nrder?. ¦«;' il.' -STEIS i CO., 7^3 Mkt.'j-
«.'.' ..' "•.t> tirnjp rprr. ff-r ryoniihy. t>oy.cr jrir! baby. -
:Mr? Or. ¦)Pun>i:«.'--.I4|g;'£ighth .ft-..':j*tart«'.da-.r*:
H.n<"TRie Hchi jr. . vcrv rorrr: -.\V!r.the«ter
:¦ Hx.-\. 44 -T!i:M'ff. -r.ea''Xl-3V\^:^0<..r^."s:-.
I"c t ¦> JIT" 1 ot- r.Vc'-.r : }1 M t A : tk •'¦ per uwk ! V
, • -i ri? «. "lv.;s and facp:!^-» V'.aTi't rj-'-tn ' tlie'.-Xtrry* f ;
V- HITE rr.arn-ei irrn ttiri.e-q:jartef" 3 : :
.'¦¦.' cr (JruVJe. j; ;5. • EASTERN -..' .'l-'TFITTIXa:!
.- »'O._.'- l".U-;3t3 Strtrktcn rt -,V. -Tir : , : Brbad«-ay : --.. -.i
e'riilNG etyies -f=tando*"i " jTatr.-'rri!.. zi&yt virea^iyy f
: '"Domestic" offire/ lC2l;.Maritet ft:, nr.. Sixth.- j.
/ lshing Si model* made^ A. Graff; l?€t«-\'eng£n.-;
Pl - PKnrLUOr)!-Hlr ti'h* '-ip-'-iei St4trrirr<l .wfth' •
¦ »iK'.r!c rf<-c:? MI.-? f.s ". '^N'. 1)13 -&ui.ter .«.,. |-
' TVi LAMOTTr^y^^ ; h :^>rn-'PaSnt»^«ie ; :be$t$;
/•¦"rn r\\rt-\ ".''- r.'.l :*"^j:c;f',s. ".":¦¦.¦¦;'.;•• ¦•'.:..•.-. :] '
;»"i.rur.;>r;.:s Vm-- ¦ :¦-¦'¦ ..It^nna'^ -restores --^ray. ''¦
m :t« --;.-v,; .-. : r: !I: ai «J!.c!PaeKi»ti !.-
riiVM« 1 \>s ani> >in^K«>s. ; ; ;r
-3 n. : c. Vv o- 1 ->x:;-ra.Lrio.'f!- ; - ¦ and f«f*4di4»c«t'l- :
¦". I'.r::; Markf-t Ft.. I'l^fT. Mwli andSeventK '/:
•-.3. R.- Vw'ON'j ;i.;M... 1-Vrb ijoctOr; ; «iicceisfully::1 :
¦:'-::- trrs :*¦•>'¦ •' - • :. "¦ i '¦¦ .. f ."• ih.» . -h-umaji ' bculyi-.".s>>''j '
i^-.'.rr— . - .-.<• ¦•¦ J T.-*».:--1i:-:i7.-..Ma'iioh;.nf.'.'Em8u.i; 1 '
TiEAL IISTATK— C'lTV— FOIl; : SALE. ¦
<¦ "- V. PA TTnr.5ON"&' CO.; •^•i'V^^'f
WV.l -.;.-. r fTer -. for fa' ;^ :av .
>!arrh 4...1SC1. at li i> clock ni/;; \ it-.; their-- 6t.-':i:
¦ *.':?». -It City. liall -sQuarex'.the-.f.Mlowtnjf : de^ -
f/rrib»d prr-:»"";jv. inijTovAd and ¦tinhnpnj'veSi 5
iMi-nov-nr. yvt ipphtv.-.;.; ,..: , -j :
?. " E. ccrnex. Orcye ind- ffjebeter #X«v--- ' •":- '-¦'¦¦¦
:¦¦ No. 415 ise> riifcard st.' ';' ,-;:' ! .'.O '^'.U /'V : -'-- ¦•-•''".: : '• .' -: - ¦
¦.';,T;. COCB^r N?i* and ¦-Twer.tr-5»c6nd.'.»u; : ' ) ¦ '¦
' . P.'T;. C' r:ur Xinetecnth and- Hartfcird eti. '¦ '- -f
,':..N. r. .¦*¦< n-.»r ThlrtietJi arrd-thurch .-:«ta.-.: :¦¦ 1
.:'-¦ fand U>'.t.} r alr..Oak» et..':-jieai'-£2d. i ,'. ". 1
fe? \V r^rrnr. Pfvesteer.lb 'ajid."Churc.H : 6t«. : C :
:'23T '.F.rlfcnra. «t. " ' •-• '.'.?• v* ." V ,*—>.* f«s'- '•>.''' •'• ' '.
¦¦'.U^'-i-i HSi Va!encla..rt. ; . ' :lr ; : : ; :.\-:V ' ;•'.'. : '- :.;¦¦; '
T f :sr4 "7 - Whitney »t ; .' "::¦•¦-.. ;; ' =: - : -- -X'- .::" : ':* -:- ;
;-.-' !»'ty-!:itwy tt. . -..:.--.- ; ':/:'.: ~ : '.""' ¦¦;: "•: ' .--.
: ind.*S« Parjrhez '.ft ¦''¦-¦$¦¦'¦'': ;S :¦':.-.' '. r . ''."¦' '•*¦¦
I7{£ peirenr.<.rh it: • ¦ : ¦•'¦•• ;"•••'• "¦ U!.' •:'•.:.-
:,B. us improved:. rnbrERTt.v:..:": . :
S. F". crtier.l.oiorfs and Liberty- «t»- ¦
s. W. /-orn^r Turin J UU lilii mt. *nd XS at.
B V.'. c-rtj«r I*rtarMi>a .aad . Jiansell 6t». - :; •
Cbrnerjjr-ct* rear r«.lmer.' i: ¦¦¦¦,¦.:- -.- ¦ ¦, ' ¦ : J
N. V.. corner College and Olmstead Bt«. ••'•. ; - '
Tw«>r^}-Eix:h ave.. Bear K et. ..., ¦ '; -,
Tv:.:) -TrvrtJi ave.. sr>d Bermuda «t. ; '
H V. . .. cTarar £2d Et. -aniS Xidea ave.
f-«-e c-:r r-a"al<«ue. ¦ ¦ :- ¦¦ ' ' .. '¦':.: '
A FINK purrhas^-On'.y JC75 earh for these two
rtioiee _ •« T i-.T«t lire ijf Eleventh ave.. 1?8
feet r.f>rth 'of Clement ft., on the elevated
fT-our.d. tr.l having the pretty marine view;
: ri-a-iy for tuiiding; a!l street -work done; cars
psryfr.jr tytxfXkm m'.njtes o n Clement et. ; In
• all cf Rkhjr.ond there Is net euch a bargain
h* this; rjtrivor.tera and contractor*, /ihis is
»hat yru have tx»en looking for; th»s« lota
cost (2400, and were eelected because they are
po we;! icc^r^'I; easy terms. fiO first payment.
¦ VC. 3. CUyy/ta California «t.
CITY iZts. v -:¦': ;.;-.: :
. : F1^« lota, ccmer Bronte and Jefferson ¦•ta., 2
• fc!o<-fcs from *>ctric care; ifood marine view.
Or.e let In town o? Ameflee, Lassen County.
Fcr «a> rheej) for Cash. Call or address
¦'...-^% A. JAMEP. owner, ore STr.iths* Cash Store.
A THOHOUCIILT r'-lt-edpe lnreetment; Sn«
v- ¦¦¦ brick block centalclns 6 *tore« and fiats
above; ell ir.ted; let 50x158; northeast cor-
• r.er; very prominent; paring cood Interest:
. cwr.er want* to ro l=to oil. Apply to JAMES
MA EON. Notary. «25 California «t.. San
. Frar.cli«co, .. ." . >•;:'-¦ .'.¦¦¦ ¦
|:3C<:^-CHEAPEST horse In th» city; to effect
quick «a>: 4 rcyrr.s and stable ;.wel! of water
iroduoea 10V) ea!lcr.» per day; street accepted
fcy city; cement eSdewalk; plank aide en-
trance; ptrt cash. Call Immediately on H.
.TV; DAVIS, <15 Twenty-Blnth. r.r. Sancher
I LOTS— I blocks Tropi electrie cars.
Only i centa far*.
r>e*;- to build on — worth t350 each.
t^5 "act will buy them.
F-of "-eale by H. C. -. TjI-XTK-ER, ma Market.
CHEAPEST !rts in the TVmern Addition;
: eouthwe«t rnr. Pine and Lyon ««.; 7 lota ti
Xl^ and IDjlST.C; Il^O to J15(W. McGLTKN St
MES7OX. room 22. Chronicle buildins.
JX)N'T fall to eee those up-to-date houses,
Clayton et., Vk blocks south of Hai*ht et.:
car. be bought on eary term*. 6ee owner on
pretr.ifea or J. ENGLISH. 11 Montgomery et.
I" fjDtX ' COmM feet: « Cats and rear house; rent
|C8. Arply 2£17»i Twesty-second St., rear, be-
ttreea % end 11 o'clock a. m.
yoa the beet located lota In Richmond and the
") cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. E20 California.
I _- _ — . 1
¦\ MODERN f.ats and cottages built; low prices;
/. i.lane end estimates furnished; drop postal.
*• f ALSBURT. bulider. office 1233 Market at.
. £SC: WASHINGTON KT.
• •' $4800; mvrx be teli en account of departure;
': frM.:rc cf 7 rooms and bath; lot 25x137:8%.
'¦ IF you have lota to «»!l Ecrth cf the Park.
th<^n cs'a on W. J. GUNN, t35 California at.
nr.AI, IiSTATC — COLXTRY — For Sale
A MOFT <-jcce!>nt fiO-acre etock tad general
farm; n'-arly 1 :: tillable; 50 acrea creek bot-
tom. r*rfe<-t car<5en tr,i); complete 6»t srood
» fcmlld)r*s; beit watered ranch In the county;
ffar >y<^ ti-aa %Z j*r acre; worth thre« times
¦the amount.
RKMTTMBEH— Tm ar?-jratpTy acquainted
»:th rr,cr<» country Prooertjr-'tor sal» and ex-
<rtar.ee than all other agents In S. F.: X000
ifench** on my lict; ttate what's wanted and
pet rtlinM* d»siTij>tions <.'. bargains.
N. 1>. KICKKLS. the I^r.d AgT.t. « Geary at.
OltANHK LANI)"
i?<i ncrr-a in Tulare County, n miles from
rr>«lf-r\:l!e. partly f^nrrd; 6-room house.
S arrt-5 In Ix-a An^<-lf-« Co.. near Paaadena.
» VT. A. JAUES, owner, care Smiths' Ca«h
f;or^. .
tltCO-S Af.T.EP; on a-count of departure; im-
. prmneA: hou«=« of 5 ivras; 1 hour's ride from
city; 1-3 ca>h, balai"«. on terms. Apply to
cwnrr, II. O. F. IXJIIRMAN. Ktc-tfe, Cor.tra i
C sta Coanty.
VINnVAUD and hom*; farm in Llvf-rmore Val-
'.' \ ; fpl>>n<llil property,. .everything complete:
¦ T.jnerv and cooperate; In full beartn*. Kor
full particulars rail m ALBERT E. CRANE.
-. : DCS Cai'.rrrnla et. ' '. . ¦ :
FAIJM f<;r f^ile at |iuU!c auction March 2. 1*01-
. • lla'! mile Sororr.a: '7 ncre« In orchard an.l
'..:' »ltipj-ard: furnished house 11 rooms, 2-etory;
tarn ibxZO; hoisps, wagons, poultry, farming
¦ ' ¦ Impieafatj'; ea'.*> on prf>n:i«»s »t 1 p. a
FRAKg CHIILIXI. Sonoma.
' CIIHAP little town home*: als-o country prop-
erty: In raetern Cor.tra Costa Co.: write Just
you <Wlre nn4 r^ceiv* rr'iable Inrorma-
tlop. "P. MACAKTXEr. Antioch. Cal.
V1;:TE J. TT.'.|IOItV. S12 Main. Petaluma. for
¦ !r«>» enpy of S^nsrra Co. real estate bargain*.
: ClirArT-iT and beat In America— Th#» Weekly
«'n:i. 16 p'-C* 1^. Will tn any r.dJrr-fia in the
T-|-«»»<1 sib:'"' or f'nnaia «>n* year for ?L
REAL HSTATB WAXTBD.
rANTr.n-In rUi-hnnrid I>:afrlct; a lot about
- IT:.»i;o te-t. lnslfle >.( FourtMBtll are., be-
- t»«-n th» J'ark and the l'realdio. CUAS. 3.
VEAL, ZiO iluntiomcrj' tt. ' -.' '" : »
OAKLAND AMERTiSEMENTS.
HEAL JKSTATI3. . ;
BANKlRIt'K. ho'm'r '¦; 8 rooms; hair block choicest
grounds; co*l Jlj.009; reduced to ?SJO0; Offer
¦wanted <jvtck: soing Germany. Lsyrhan^e;
Rial Estate Ct>.. 4C0-4G^ r Eighth et.. Oakland.
:. OAKLA^b IIOVSES TO LI3T.V :
5-ROOM- ; uj>-t6-daf e ¦¦' modern- house;- 21th ave..
Ka.«t Oakland. Key '". at -IS66 '-. 21th ave. or-SZ'l
nrvKiluay. Oakland; : <*nl. ' ¦¦-•¦¦.¦:-. .;'¦¦ V I--.- ', -.= ¦
OAULAXD KlltMTUUB Fell SALfi.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas.tho
furniture -dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
HOO3IS I'OII IIOLSKKKin'lXG.
CALIFORNIA. . 3C31— Three Ftinny rooms, fur-
nlshcd for liglit houjsekeepinK; no children..
CHEST.NUT. 2f(3— Sunny furn. rcon-.s f^r house-
k»eplrs: choap; fine view; quirt neighborhood.
EDDY. 333— Four ele«ant unfurnished rooms;
nlfo famished rooms for housekeeping. .
i:ur)T.--.S3S-2 ¦ lary well furiilfhed rooms;
newly rancred;. private residence; no children.
F.I.LIK, C51— 3 r»-rn!>. newly furnished, house-
. kef ping. |20; al>,o 2.. rooms; -$13,30.; sunny. .- ¦'¦ .
HO\VAR1\ 1703— Nicely furr.ish'ed.: bay-window,
vulted for light ,h'yjs»ki'g,-; also single rooms.
f&iflZS.' lSOi), cexn'-r , Jaclfion— Three .outside
•sunAy'-corner rooniF'; desirable location; cars
.:pass. the doer; .- 'adult*/ - ¦' ''. '.-, . -: --.'-. . .. ;
L.ARKlS*',' : ¦ B6f4J ',' -''runny •' back housekeeping
•-. xocpis; .i'ttrniBhed. or ' partly ; $11.
MISSIOS,' Mj— Front room and kitchen, com-'
¦ pjete ;' for ; ¦houscfcoeplr.gr. '.-; . '¦
KOE, '¦ Ii3/ tienr 11nrk--t-2 Funny bay-window
¦ rociirif.;. : .fnklinK- .1^.1. vas Ftove, gmte; $14. . :
pCTAVIAi 1403;-:. comer Gt-ary— Furnished : bay-
¦: rlndon'; oianttl. large room, with kitchen,
:..ccn-.ri>.t«'..'.'.' •¦ ."• " •.-.-•":. ¦¦'.:':¦:
POWELL; 41J5i—1V.» unfurnished rooms -for
hc>u>pkr»"rins..:' '.' '¦ ¦ . ..
SEVKTNTii. ITS— 2 sunny, cheerful, connecting
housekeeping .rooms; yard; running ¦ watery
-.- .comjilete. ; . ' ti ¦¦. .. :-. • . •" ' ' '; -.
FIXTH.13I5— Sunny roomn for light housekoep-
... Ing; a.' so. room for CMitleman. . • ' .- - - - ¦
STOCKTON*. 60t— Klegantly. furnirhnd floor of
-. 4- FUuhj-.. rooms; also single rooms... ¦
:TrHAMA,,"4"S;::hr.ir PtTth-^$3; 2 sunny front
•ro^rr.s for liffbt. housekeeping. ••¦ '. • • .' .;..".
T^>'nivFTH. ; : ..12— Redr.-i.rin ¦'• anri; kitchen, fur-
¦V::nl*h^S' fc>r;hVus» i .k<"ef(ingv.:rent ; JiS:.. ¦ .' •
YA'LEXrJAX 1^2- Sunny -a4eftvnroon> furnlslmd
¦fJlUiit, Ji. :i.!;-f-kf<-;>ir!R; pas aria bath: near depot.
C1J.ASKIKI ; KI> advert is^menis* and subscriptions
i«».-.: ; ivrr<1 at Call' branch office. 2^00 Killmore st.
A TIRANCII -office' for. Call, advertisements anrl
• ¦¦foibfrtHjiiiQns-.has been : established at 1094
" Va^irpci a- ; «t:-.'.' • '-.-.: ;;-i.;;,-.f .-" ' . •..-•.-.,.--¦* .'.." v. ."•.-• '•'.'.
KOOMS; ;TQ LST— Kqri». n'nil I'nfnrn.
AHOTLE. The -Oust 'opened*.- McAllister st..'
<-<-rn.«-r Laik.fn— Eloeant nnd • tastefully fur-
• ri*hed tai^s. "-. with or without bathn':' also
•¦¦:.Ffi>«le: rpptns: acam. heatrt;- Uverifd s^rvicer
; : *icad^ng-rr.orn.;-.-->.le.i-trie/ elevator all night:
. -the*;c : rr.>«n?' : hav» 'to be seen to be appi;e-'
c clat-p.d;':T?firrrnee.s; rroms shown In' evt'nihg.
AIlt-IiORN :ijOTEt>.- 321 Grant- ave.— Best dol-'
. lar a dar fanvlly hotel, in city; polite JBrttend-
.: ;a.nc?;-:; ; larxe • -rtjoms; modern ' conveniences ?
-; rooms !S0c ; /up', first-class meals ICc; free -coach.
ACimr^SW'lck'VlouS, Ui Sixth-Rooms 2.V: .
..ro.Slvrer niifht; tl 2o to $5 per week, and light
:L-.:.;s.:>!>> ; i:j-.(?;. r>pen- all clpht.
bFS?>ETT. »K Market (old Xo. I3t4)^-Fur-
..Jjlsh^d^ms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.'
EK)1» : Y, .''bI^S— l-*rcfnt bay-window Fuitc;' furniehVd
- of y.url'uTniyhed; also two handsomely- fu'r-
-..T4.!.sli«>U rooms.-finsl': terms rood-erate. •:. .
EE>IiY, -770— Han<3somf!y furnishfd. back-parlor
-,; sni' ot!i«T.. rooms; running, water; bath..--. ,.' ; '
IjniiY. Kl'^^unny suite, suitable for 2 or 3 gen-
;.' tlcrjien: also, single rc»>m; reasonable. -.¦'. '
FIFTH, 1('7— Heasant ar.furnished : rooms to
,; let. ;'. : :'.:', t ;;y .- ; ;::'--, ¦'¦' ¦':./
FT'UTON,: X2S -t Large furnished double room;
tath; suitable for two; . ...-'
GEA.FtY. 403 (The Navarre)— Elegantly fdrnished
'. rms; suites rr s'r.g!e; travelers accommodated.'
GEARY. -.595. corner Jonei>^-Nlcely ifurrriehed
.' -Ijay-wlndow suite; also single rodrns. -.¦•.¦,•
GRAND SOUTHEn.N', 5iutheast <K>rner Seventh
and Ulsston fts.— Sur.ny rnomj. on *u!te- or
Flr.cle; ladies' parlor; reading-room J elevator..
GROVE. «*-!4— N'io-ly furnish-ed front 'room. :
LAKKIN, s:s\i— Sunny front room suitable, for'
lady or geatleiran; bath; phone; $7. - \ •¦•.' z
MAIIKET. 1122-Nice .liayrWindow suite, three
rooms; new and cleans -rent .reasonable.- :¦ •
MIFPION. UU, near Klevenlh-kTheerful, sunny
rtvm, or.e cr two persons; private family;
11 10 j#r week. ¦ ¦• '.. ¦ : . '¦
MISSION. MOVi <I-aur»l Ilous*r^-noorr;s:to let;
«n euiie or einjrie: rip transient,: .-'.-:' l . .-.
XEW ARLINGTON-, 'IMS Market nt.^-Nlcely.
. furnished rooms, }2 a week up; 85G.a day. up.
NINTH, J30'i—Hous« : ¦ ha» ' chansreia . harid?:
b?en thor.iuRhly .- renovated^ r66ms : pleaKanl
and reasonable. - - - ' •* : ;": ..' . v:.. -' .'. -
O'FARTtELL, 23— Sunny-, furnished; rooms :ar.d-
effiers; eievptor; elec. -Hciits; day, ;wk.,' rho;.
O'FARRELL. 314A— 2 tunny furnished rooms,
front and side; S3 and J4. . . . '..- .-¦¦'... -.-.'¦'¦¦¦¦¦
O'FARRELL, 742 — Nicely furnished parlor, en
eulte or single; gas, bath, phone; $10 to V?4.
ROYAL ! House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent lleht;
readlnir-room. smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per nicht, 35c" to $1 DO; week, $2 to
$S; month. $8 to J30; elevator on ground floor;
rocms with hot and cold water; baths. ;. . ¦
TtOPEDALE Hou3e.- 319-321 Ellis St.— Kooms.
nlsht. 25c to $1 ; week. $1 ZZ to $4; open night.
SACRAMENTO, 1365B— 3 rooms, separate en-
trance, with yard; tun all day; rent $7.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SMALL runny front room within walking dis-
tance cf Call buildlr.s;; cheap to good roomer;
no children. Hox 3J12. Call office.
BUTTER, 320V4 — Changed hands; newly rens-
vated; eingie rooms, j>: suites, $12 to t2S mo.
TWELFTH,' 111— A larjre, sunny, well-fur-
r.ifhed room; reasonable; phone and bath.
WILLIAM. 19, off O'Farrell. bet. Jones and
Taylor — Nice sunny furnished room; gas and
bath; $?.
CLAPSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
eubscriptions has been established .at 1096
Valencia st ¦. . . > ->
nooais a.\u doakd.
AT the old Stevenson, mansion,' opp. Grace
Church, with annex iO7 California St., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and elrhtly rooms at modest rates.
ELEGANTLY & newly furnished »unny apart-
ments, with or -without board; cuisine unexr
celled. HC3Vi Broadway, cor. ISth St., Oak-
land, top floor. MRS. M. C. ROBINSON. Prop.
TEHAMA. 217— Furnished front room; beard If
desired; private family.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First «t.
ROOMS WASTED.
WANTED— J unfurnMiea rooms, suitable for
housekeeping: n. of Market, no further than
Jons?, bet. Ellis and Suttcr. Box 1317, Call.
SPECIAL XOTICES.
iwTcASES »parkl!n* Hochheimer, vintage '82.
{16 per case, reduced to $10; 1000 gallon* very
eld iwjrt, sherry and muscatel wine $2 per gal-
lon, reduced to $L F. HOLTUM. Johannes-
burg Wine Vault*. 017 California st.
BAD tenants ejected for M; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
4K. Montromery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 5550.
SEWING MACHIXES AND SUPl'LIfiS.
ALL kinds bought, pold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charlen Plambcck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.: phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, nold. .rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles; reduced rates. 14i Cth; phone Mint .V
STO11AGI3 AM) \VAr.ElIOUSE9.
PIElXclNnTjD^Tl'H^EtorTKT and" Moving; Co.,
office. Pout and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 6712.
GOLIiEN WEST Storage Warehouse. $40 Mis-
elon «t.; tei. Mint llgl. . F. W. ZEHFUS3.
BEK1NS Van and Stcrge Co.. 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main IMP; rhipplng at cut rates.
A. WEEKS new* for S cent»— The Weekly Call,
1« pag**. in wrapper, for m.illlng. tl per y^r.
TnVifSKS." ~ ~~
MANlTFATt: <U«t!c «tockln^<«. *h»ulder braces.
*upporte»> trade, rfpalrgd. Mence. S03 Kearny.
HITI'KIts AXli SUI'l'LIES.
Zlll ?.*f UGA i N "s^J^YpiEW«TTEllS^TCvi
Bell better machines for lees money than any
Iwuwj Sn the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, MS Calif ornU; telephone Main 268.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, ' marriaze and death "notices sent by
mail will not bo Inserted. They must be handed.
In at cither of. the publication offices and be.
indorsed with the- -name'."and residence.:of per-
sonj authorized to have. the same published.
:; • ' ; --.- : MABRIED. * '
CARAFFA*— ALLEN— In this city, February
27, 1901. by the Revi Frank S. Ford.' John B.
i'araffa and Minnie L... Allen^ both of. San
Francisco. - - -' • :¦
,; : '.v'iDiEi): .¦¦;•;• ¦¦ ;-yj\- ;.¦//¦.
Barstow, Capt.- J. O. Lavln. Thomas B." '
. Behn. Fred ¦' '. Mclntyre. Ralph • :
Bird. Catherine Manning, Daniel
Bosch, Annie E. Mastlck, Lucretla M.
Bonner, Kleanor I*. Murphy. Dennis . •
Burke. Mary «¦ Nozet. Edward
Carroll. Catherine Proschold. Caroline ¦
Coyne. Bridset Sawyer. Milton G.
Cox, Ernest A. Schrelber. Albert
Erlebach, Clara Smith. Jennie M.
Frltsch. Lorenz Soper, Charles H. A.
Gallagher, Cnrnellus houth. Joseph T.
Gorman. Michael Thompson. Georce
Grlswold. Mrs. C. L.. Thomas. 1'atrick J.
Harrlu, John * Titus, Mary
lllnterraann. Hilda Tobias. Marks
Horgan, Mary Trippe, Franklin
Huant. Mathilda J. Volet. William C.
Johnson, Victor AVakefield. Sarah
Kelsey. Mrs. R. C. "Woodburn. Chas. M.
Kennedy, Ellen Zimmerman, Peter R.
. Koch, August .. ¦' . ¦ ¦ ¦¦ '. ¦ ' ¦; . ¦¦ '
BARSTOW— In February. 2S, 1901.
Captain John G.. ; beloved husband of Helen
• E. Uarstow, and father of F. E. and C. H.
Uarstow and Mrs, G. H. Weeks, a native of
Maine, aged -87, years. 10. months and 7. days,
(lioston and New York papers please copy.).
[[^¦The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, :2U Central avenue, Alameda;
BEHX— In the City an<t County vHospltal, Feb-
ruary -23, 19C1, Fred- Behn, a native . of
• Sweden, aged 52 1'ears. . • -, " ... ' ¦
BIRD- In this city, February 2S. 1901. Cath-
erine, dearly twloved wife of Ricnard Bird.
lovlnjr mother of Mamie A., Katie E. and
William E. Bird, and beloved sister of Mrs.
A. ¦ 1\ Anderson and Bernard and Hugh
Miles, a native of Templeport. County Cavan,
. Ireland. . . : •-..•.'-¦.
CZ>" Friends, and acquaintance^ are respect-
• fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, 1 from her late.Tesl-
dence, 17A Gilbert street, between Sixth and
Seventh,. Bryant and Brannan. thence to St.
• Rose's Church, where a, requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at i) o'clock. . Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
: .tery. ' :; . .*¦• • ¦ \ ¦ ¦ -. ' '.'•-. .-; '¦.'-'.•.•• '.-. ; .
BONNER-^-In this city, February '26, i9Qi;
Eleanor L,., beloved wife, of ¦ Robert Banner ¦••
daughter, of Mr.: and Mrs.- 8. ¦ A. Karle of
WatsonvlHe. mother of Earle H. and Her-
bert D. ilonner, and slater of. Mrs. F. ; Hum-
. i)hre>s and Slade- A. Jr., Albert G. and Car-
rie B. ' Karle,- a. native of San . Francisco.
¦ aged 30 years 5 months and .10 days. ¦ ¦¦ ¦ ¦
(E?" Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
this day (Friday), at 11 o'clock, from 1009
. Oak . ptreet.; Interment I. 0. 0. F. Ceme-
• tery. ; . ". '.' ¦'..'' ..¦•¦¦¦.•.•¦- '•¦¦¦¦
BOSCH— In this citjr, February 27, 1901, Annie
Elizabeth Hoseh. beloved infant of George E
and the- late Elizabeth Katherlne Bosch, and
sis«er of Georse E.. Helen W. C, Frank,
Florence, ' Josephine and Charles Bosch, a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 months and
. 3 days'.- - •¦ ¦ . :' ¦•' : -¦•-.- . ¦': ¦ •-. - - - -
. fry Friends and acnualntanees are respect-
fully ¦ Invited to attend trie funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles -J. B. Metzler. 62$ Washington street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ..- ;-/..¦ .
BU.RKE- In this city.. February 27. 1901, Mary
Hurke.- a. native of Ireland, aged .10 years
and 6 months. . •' ; : • ¦- . -. : .
tTTh*: funeral will take place this day
¦ (Frirfay), .at 1:30. o'clock; irbm the parlors of
. J.'- p.: O'Connor ' -&¦¦ Co.j '767 -.Mission : street. '
.Interrnent jio|y.'-CrQ»«' Qemet'efy.'-.;.;...','- ¦¦.¦¦...
GAKliOU^In ; this city. February :25,-' 1901,
Catherine,- 'beloved wife of John-- Carroll, and
'. 'mother pf John-, j.-. Carroll .arid $Ifs, Ja. ;; ,W.v
; Ixing. a 'natlye'idr'Ireland.:-. : ' : • '.' .'•••¦ ..:
..• -. tbrFrlends- ¦ are . r*-f>p<»ctfuily - Jnvifed : to : at ; -
¦ tend .th*-' funeral : 10-morfow ¦ (Saturday-);, at
¦ ?:30: o'clock,: from her lat* : reslde-hce.. -414 AVeb-.
•"¦;Bter etreet,.: -. thence to. Kacred- Heart. . Church ¦
¦.¦Corner Fell' and FiUmore ¦¦ streets, :..wherev'a
. : 6>lemn- f^ulem rnass will b>'. celebrale.fl for.
'; : the ¦rtpope; of ¦•her soul;.: compnencihfc' at'- 16'
' -o'clock. : :interihen.t Mount- Calvary;: C'emetelrj-.-
'¦COTNEiln; this- 'city. -February " 5S. ; .i9pt,'. .Brld-
•• •*e.t-,' ; belovevt. wife of the. late.Mathew. Coyhej •
: '¦•;ni<H.h>r. 1 of'tne. .late. Matlievv Coiiie and Mrs.
¦' -Timpthy' Feerie'y.' andKsister: of :;Mrs; Thomas:.
.-. Cfjyne. a hhtiy^ . of i County Ga;l way; -Iretand^ •
'-. jated- 70: ye^TS-S . - .'• ¦'¦ ."1". - - ¦ .'. .':¦' '¦' •¦.'.."¦''•.¦•".¦
;¦¦ CS^JFrlends 'nnti ACquaintanceB; are', rt-spect^
'¦•¦ "fuliy ; invited to atfend-. thf funeral tb-niorrow.
(Saturday), -at % :3f> o'tlock, ¦¦(rom..the parlors,
•-.- of this ;United';Untlertakers.-.27. and 23.. Fifth
:'. Btreejt; thence- to Si'.' .'Patricks Church. -where':
- .a.-.re<juiem ¦ hleh -mass iwlll. be c-'lebrated "Br-
.'• -the: repose of : her; sou t. at 9t>'cJock> .-. later--
: - nic-nt- Mount- Calvary Cemetery.-:?. '¦¦: ; ; '.¦¦
COX-^In : ?«.aule, Vash.; Ernest .Adrian Cbx,;.
"beloved husband <if -Sarah J. Cox,', a native;
¦: of Ijondon, England,' aged 50 years 2. rnonths
' arid-- 1 da:-. . ' •¦',.¦.- ¦:¦• (~! ¦ ¦. ¦¦' ¦¦V ' • .-.
-. ';•¦•.. tyNotice of funeral hereafter. .'• ¦/¦'.-¦ '.'.' : -.'.:
ERLEBACH— In this city, Febniar^ 27 ; 1901.
-Clara Erlebach, beloved daughter' pf Charles'
¦ arid Leah Offer, mother of Albert." Erlebach.
and Flster of ¦ Nathen, Catherine, Olivet;.
' icicle, Iceland, Harold, Lucille and Clarence:
Otter, a native of Stockton. Cal., ¦ aced 21
years 10 months and 13 days. ¦.:.'•'•• '¦':¦. ••'
C^Friends and acrjuaintance* are respect-.
: fully invited to attend the funeral this-- day
: (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from her late rest-'
..dence. 215 Gouch street, between Fell -and
"Oak. Interment New Salem Cemetery, -via
: the 11:30 o'clock train from Third and. Town-
- send streets. •:;. v': ;-'."-. :.¦•¦'•¦'.¦'
FRITSCH— In this city. February '- 27.': 1901,
¦ I^orenz Frltsch, beloved husband bf .Sophie
¦Frltsch; and : rather of Emil. Illlie :
1 and Otto Frltsch, a native of .Luxemburg,
Germany, aged J5 years 1 -month-, and -20;
! daj s. ' . A member of : Vanderburgh: Lodge . Nft. ;
'. : 34. A.- O. U. W., and Arminius Iiodge So. : 13/
.-¦'l.:O. k. t. - . ¦ .- .-¦¦;¦.- ¦-.-¦ >:¦¦:¦' :,:/¦ ;¦¦..:¦
¦:'¦"¦ (niTFrienda and- accsualntaric'es are' respect-
fully invited to attend. the ¦' funeral. thls^ay
(Friday), at 2 o'clock; from -his. late.: resi-'. :
dence, 2i23 Post streeU. Cremation. .L.QvC). '
•' F. CemeWry. — .' ¦'•..•.. "¦ ' ::¦.:•¦'.....
GAtUAGHER— In this elty. February Mi- 1901.:
Cornelius 1\, beloved brother.' of- Nicholas;
Michael, . Mary.: and Elleti <. Gallagher/, a. na-.
' tlve of County Armagh, '-Ireland,'! /aged- 20-
¦\ : years. -.•:¦.'•¦'¦. ¦¦.¦'•.¦,'•-¦•-¦¦; : •-.
Cy Friends and acquaintances ; are res.pejctr
fully Invited to attend the funeral. tOrmorrow
:. (Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the. residence,
of Michael Magrlnr.lss, 407 Fifth street, thence,
to St. Rose's Church, where a Folemn re-
¦qulem mass will be celebrated fqr:ithe re-
= pete of his soul, commencincr at :9. o'clock;
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. " ' /-• :¦ '-;
GORMAN— In this city, February. ': 2SJ. 1901/
Michael Gorman, beloved; father 'o-f '-Mary'-
Gorman and Mrs. William Gill, a native of
County Galway, Ireland, aged 78 ; years 4
: months and 4 days. (Boston, Mass..: papers
please copy.) .:• ¦ '.'.:. ¦ .. ) i- '¦'< .. .;
: ¦ <C7 Friends and acquaintances are^respeiitv ;
fuily invited to attend the. funeral nhls day
¦' (Friday), < at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1018 Sacramento street, '..thence to St..
. Mary's Church (Paullst).-: corner- California:
•:. and Dupont streets, where a solemn requiem
'high mass will be celebrated. fpr : the repose
' of his soul, commencing at "9 :"30- b'.clock. ''. In-'
terment Holy Cross Cemetery. .- : - -.•¦¦¦ : '.
GKISWOLD— In New York City, February 21,
1D0J, Mrs. Caroline L. Grlswold. -widow of
the late Dr. W. F. Grlswold of San Fran-
cisco, mother at Dr. W. H. Grlswold. Dr. C.
¦ L. Grlswold, Harriet M. Griswold and Mrs.
F. S. Mayhew, and sister . of Mrs. WO
Gould.
(C7"Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services at the chapel at
Cypress Lawn Cemetery to-morrow (Satur-
day) : mornlner. The train leaves Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
HARRIS— In this city. February 25, 1901, John
Harris, beloved cousin of James Harris, and
uncle of Charles O'Connor, a native of the
parish of Annah. County Kerry, Ireland,
aged CG years. '
ETFrlenda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth, thence . to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his eoul. com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
HINTERMANN— In this city, February 2C
1901, Hilda Annie, dearly beloved and only
daughter of Adolph and Jeanette Hlnter-
mann, and sister of Charles A., Adolph E,
and Otto G. Hlntermann, a native of San
Francisco, aged 7 years 9 months and 11
days. (Salem, Or. papers please copy.)
CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors o'
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment I. O.
•O. F. Cemetery.
HORGAN- In this city, February 28, 1901,
Mary. belov<nl wife of the late Patrick Hor-
gan, and dearly beloved mother of Mrs. Cella
Healey, Mrs. F. Lermen'and T. E.. P. j.
and the late James J. Horgran, a native of
County Clare, Ireland, aged 60 years.
(ET Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 81 California avenue, off Mission
street, near' Twenty-elKhth, thence to St.
Paul's Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at «:3Q o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HUANT— In San Mateo, February 28. 180L
Mathilda J,. Huant, beloved wife of the lat*
Paulln Huant, and mother of Mrs. J. c.
Sala, Mrs. J.L. Vermeil. Mrs. F. N. Bel-
llsle and Miss Joslc Huant, a native of
ricardy, .France, aged 67 years .. and 11
months. .(New York papers please- copy.)
ICT" Notice Of funeral hereafter.
JOHNSON— In this city.- February 28. 1901,
Victor 'Johnson, beloved husband of Fanny
Johnson,- father of Amelia, Idlth. Fanny and
Aneta Johnson, brother of Charlie, Ma«,
Annie arid Henry Johnson, and son-in-law of
Mrs. Echaer. a native of Finland, aged 48
yrers 9 months and 1 day.
. n^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday),. at 2 o'clock, from. his late resl-
' donee, 1133 Florida street, between Twenty-
¦ third and Twenty-fourth.
KELSEY— In this city, February 28. 1901. Mrs.
R. , C. Kelsey. beloved mother of the late
Frances M. Smith, a native of Vermont, aged
. 70 years.
ICTFiiends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of, Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemeterv. ,-
of his ; '-b6uV. 'In terment^IIpjyCr6i»;CJ4^iB s tyi:
Please omit flowers..'-'. ¦':¦ •..•:'•;¦"¦:¦• : ; '.'¦'• V " : - ¦¦¦¦.'¦'
'•/ .-:': - : ; \CARDOr THAJfks,/-? .';:•¦>
.. The father,; sister and brothers- hereby de-
sire to express their slnceri? thanks ;.t6 the
many..: friends for the kindness and sympathy
¦extended them in their, late-bereavement. ¦:.¦.
¦¦••' ' ¦¦¦ ¦¦¦ .- -'.; -." •¦- ¦¦'... THOMAS WISEMAN.
KEN'XEDT— In this city, February 27, 1901.
Ellen, beloved, wife of John Kennedy, '• and
rnoiher of John Joseph Kennedy, a native of
County Kerry, . Ireland, aged 65 years. . -;. - : •
C?" Friends and acquaintances, are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this. day
¦ (Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from her lata resir
..dence,- 7S Converse street.^ off .Bryant.: :be-
-tween Eichth and Ninth, thence t6 St. : Jo-
seph's . Church, where a requiems high mass
.will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
: tery. ¦ •-'•....-.';. -..- '~p:;;" : i -../¦
KOCH— In this city. February 27. 1301. .Au-
gust Koch, beloved husband of the late Eu-
Kenia Koch, and father, of >Irs. Chris Hal-
. ler,* Mrs. F. Duble and Miss May. Koch, a
native of Germany, aged 09 years.. .:.:•;¦. ! '¦''.'.
LAVIN-^In this city. Februan* 27. 1901. Thomas
Ii:. beloved son of the late Patrick and Ellen
- Lavln, a native -of- San r*rancisco, aged . 33
-..years 8 months and. 19 days. : .- •¦ • :- .'•
CTThe funeral .will take, place this day
(Friday), -at -2 o'clock, from the parlors .of.
' Valente. Marlnl & Co.. 1524 Stockton . street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McINTTRE— In this city. February 28; 1901,
Ralph Mclntyre, a native of Prince Edwards
Island, aired 30 years. ¦ ' • : ... ! •.'.-.'
(CT^N'otlce of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of Carew & . English, : 41 : Van
MANNING— In this city, February 27, 1901.
. Daniel, beloved son of Annie and the late
Dennis Manning, a native of San Francisco,
agefi 1 year 8 months and 18 days.
. ¦• CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 76? Mission street, in-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.: ¦ • .'••', .
MASTICK— In Alameda. February 26. 1901, Lu-
cretla M. XV. Mastlck, widow of the late
Edwin B. Mastlck,- aged 76 years 11 months
¦ and 26 'days.'.- : ' -. -.•"¦¦..- • ¦ ¦'¦.¦'.•'¦'
ttTTrieids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
at her late residence. 821 Pacinc avenue
(Mastlck station). - Alameda, this day (Frl~
day), at ' 2 o'clock.- • ¦ ¦ ¦. . ;'. . ' .
MUHPHY-In this city,. February 26, 1901,
Dennis, beloved- husband of Isabella Murphy,
and: father . of jDanlel, Frank, Dennis (i.,
Julia A:, Thomas C, John J.; Peter A; and
Joseph A. Murphy. Mrs. William Marden
¦and the late Elizabeth Murphy, a. native of
County Cork. Ireland, 'aged "-'76. years and 6
mpnths. •'.' ¦ . . y\: ':¦:•. - .'¦•¦•' ;• '¦'-.;: .¦ ¦:
fET Friends arid acquaintances are. respect-
fully Invited to attend the- funeral this day
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 302 Valencia street, thence to . Mission
Dolores Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock.-. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. '
NOZET— In the City and County ¦ Hospital,
February 28, 1901, Edward .Xozet. a. native of
Fra.rice, aged. 40 years. ¦ ',-'. • .' ; .
PROSCHOLD^In this city, February 27, 1301.
Cdrollhe M. Prbschold, dearly beloved mother
¦of Charles M.Prcschold. a native of Hano-
ver,- • Germany, aged 71 years • and 2J days.
.(Norfolk and Richmond, Va>, papers please
. copy.) • •;-¦• ¦-.;;•¦ ;..":. •:¦.:' ".:v.-,-;/ : ' :;•.:.
ICTFrlends -and'- 'acquaintances are respect-
• fully invited ti> attend the funeral this day
¦ (Friday); at 'Z o'clock, frdm 'the. German
Methodist .Episcopal Church. Folsom street,
between . Fourth and Fifth. . Interment Odd
Fellows f Cemeterj'. • . . .; - : - ¦.'. '. ¦ : ;
SAWYER— In tbis city, February 23,1901, Mil-
ton G. Sawyer, beloved husband .ofV-Mar
garetha Sawyer, and father of Frederick B..
Frank, Daniel .W. and- Josephina Sawyer, a
native of ¦ New Hampshire, aged 71 years 4
months and 2 days.- .' ,' •,.¦• .''.•¦¦ . •
SCHREIBEFI-In Oakland, February 28, 1901,
Albert, beloved husband. of Helena Schrelber.
and father of Erich: Schreiber, . a native oi
Germany, aged 37 years and 10 months. • '
SMITH— In this city, February 27. 1901, Jennie
. M. Smith, a native of Australia. /. ;. .
¦ C7Friends and: acquaintances '.are respeet-
. fully Invited to attend, the- fiiheral to-morrow
(Saturday), at'-? It o'clock.- .from • her' late
residence, 1195 ¦-' Valencia . street. Cremation
I. O. O. F.:C.eniete.ry. .-¦.¦¦¦.•,••.'. '.-..- ' ¦_¦-.
SOPEftrf-In this city, Charles. II.: A., beloved
husband of ¦ Emma- 1 Roper;: fat her . of Evelyn
. Soper, dearly beloved and 6nly son Of Charles
- B. .and Mary 'El. Soper, and imtlnfs '• br6th'er of
• '..; Marsareti Evelyhi Ella arid Agnes Soper and :
. ¦ Mr^. . Robert-. -If. ' .Jphneton, ' a natf ye. . of San :
• Francisco: 7(Sarita Cruz; papers -jpleas.e oppy,)
.¦¦ -|D^ Kotl.c'e.. of v funeral hereafter. ..': •.¦:•¦.'•
SOUTH-r-In. this- c-l ty... Joseph T.- SpUth.ia,' ni-
'."¦ tlve of ¦ :MasFachvset.ts>; ¦ Bged- 6S years. . A
¦\fnejn\jer\ i)t- UAlon ; L/sdge No,: 1S05, Knights: ot-
¦;¦. 'Honor ;.\ht 'Eati Frahctsco. ¦"¦:':, ' -.¦•.¦..•..•...•.•..¦•.
»\ and .ac^iiaintances': are-.respect-
; . fully.' invited • t6' attend the;;, funeral' ¦ this. ; day
(Friday),: .at. :2' o'clock, : from- the- mortuary
.- c h a pe 1 P t ,t He Golden G a t e t T hd f r t a klri g Com-:
.-. pany. 2425 Mission street,, near Twentj-Tftrst.
.¦Interrnent '-..Mount pllyet; Ceinetery.'/.. ; >•':/•";. ¦•,.¦•
T.il E- ¦¦ bf Seers .'and ; members 'of. .: Union ¦ Lpdife
¦ Nq-. ..'ISJ5, -.K.- . of HV, -ar0 hereby '.requested ti) i
: - /attend the. funeral of: our. .late brother.- J, T- '
. ,-¦; Boutri- : from VGpldeh: «ate Funeral. Chapel. .
-. -Mission- and Twenty-fllr?t etrcets, •'- this ; day:
¦ : ' (FrldayK 1 ; M -.2.;o'cUH\k..: . . :-.--.- ; ".'-^" 1 '-^."vv^:'--' ; ' : --?.":'
••: ¦ : ; .'. :THOM^6 ¦J.:.--'fiG>MLIXf?O^-i Dictator, -:
:.-• ••.¦CHAIU.KS (I. iSCHA-EFER; Koportpr; : ;.;. "..
THOMAS— In this city, F«bruqrj- 27, lWl; '.Pat-;.
: . rick- J. -Thomas, beloved husiiand of. Anna.
. -, M; ..T.homa.f>; a natlve/pf Oountvv CialWay; Ire- .
.- .¦¦.lahdi.-aftr.a:'7O':years.'an(1.9 mnathsi.. :,.:¦"': ¦¦ :;-'¦" -'.
¦ :;.Vin7F.r|ehdB.;'and.: : a!cqualritanpes; .at6:.T.e'gpect-.T--.
¦••;' fully in vjted to attend the funvra-1. from. vW-S':-
.'•¦' l.\te residence; •:. 1323' Valltin. street. : at ;9:tj
'•" '-o'clock, this-, day . '/ Friday ¦>,' tlvence-.tp .St.
V yjar-y's fathedral," Where.' a/r.equ(ern mass win;
' be 'celebrated for- the-rpjjbse of :bis -floul at/.iP:
;• . : o'clbck; : i Interment .Mount; Calvary- '.Cemetery,;
: ;-Klniily pmlt..«pwers> .. '- " . v : ; • ¦..•'.••.;¦¦ •'.;:¦
•THE' members of the- -Knights': 6f' St.-. .Patrick.
•¦:are: renMeJted • to', attend the . funeral, of. our
¦ -.late brother. : P. J. V-Thoriias,; at ..the ..above.
¦ time, and 'rijice.-V •.'..': '•'••; '¦':..¦ ¦'•¦.' ¦'•¦*•; ?.!'•:
¦ -¦¦: . • K'C. O'CONNOR.. President;
-.-. JAMES FVO'BKlEN. Secretary:.:. , .. : . -
THE ¦ members -Vof ' the' -1'roquols' Club are / re-
-. quested to. attend the : funeral . of: pur late-
-brother. P.-. J. ; .Thpma8,' : at:- the above .time
• and place. • : ¦•¦=•¦•:••; : --.;-v •:/.;¦- .'¦¦. ¦.. -.
. \ WILLIAM; MvCAXXGX. Presldeht. .
. HENRY L. BlENFlELr). Secretarj-. •
THE officers and members- t?f' Union Lodire X6,
.1895,. K. of H., are. hereby rer.ueijted to at-
' ¦.tend the. funeral .of:.i>ur • fate, .brother,' P. J.
¦• : Thomas; from -his late resWenGe, 1323 .Vallejo;
: .street.- this (Friday} morrilhif. nt 9:15 o'clock.
-.••: -¦'¦"¦ . THOMAS 1>. TOMLINSON*. Dictator: :.
.-'.: -CHAHLES O. 8CHAEFER, •' Reporter/ . : ,:.
.-THOMPSON— In Oakland, ;^.February- 2S, llJOl,
• Oeo.rpe Thornp«oh,.bel.qved. father Of Mrs;. M..
• "P.- Kampton, Mrs.- J-. Swehey, Mrs- Charles
...Mullen and- George. 'W.' Thompson Jr..': a na-
:..- tive-.of Scotland,' 'aged T3 years;.' .-¦¦ .- " .-: ¦¦: .'¦'¦¦
,.TITUS^-In tWa:citj". February ; --27.-. 1001. ' Mary,.
. beloved wife of JchnTltus; mother of. Mary
•'. - K.-' Titusi and sister; of jfoii&i^'OMr^rt^Kad-
• Richard Fiiinlgan, a, native pf, San. Francisco,:-'
..;osed 2?-years. ¦'.'.¦ \ :''¦ : - v ¦'¦.¦/¦.,¦::¦' ¦¦¦ v'^:-.:\'-.v
.' ' teXFriends and' accwalritances are • -.respect-.-'
'..'fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow ;
' (Saturday); at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors.-
¦oi the Henry J." Gallagher Undertaking Cohv.
; pany'.- : 20: Fifth, street, thence to St:: Joseph's-
' ' ChUrth .for" services, commencing- ¦¦•at.-.. :11
¦¦¦o'clock..'. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery;.:. ¦ :.:.';
TOlSlASs-Iri this : city.. February 23. 190L : Marks
Tobtas; beloved husband of the late Mary
:, Tobias, ftnd father, of Mrs. M. Shloss. Mrs.
¦¦£>;• A.- 'Gordon and S. L. and Henry Tpblas '
• ancl ¦J'OUls Tobias of Chicago, a native of
¦ ' Kanefn, Poland,' aged 76 years and 6 months..
:v (Salt Lake. City papers please copy.) '¦ :• •••¦;¦.¦
¦CFriends. and -acquaintances are respect-
¦¦! fully invited to. attend the funeral this day
: (Friday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resl-
:depce. 727. I^asuna street, between Grove and
'. Fulton, and thence , by 11:30 o'clock train to
- New Salem Cemetery: for interment. Please
; -- 'omit : flower*:: . . : - : ¦¦:. -¦>.'. ¦'.'¦¦ ¦ ¦>:¦';. !•
TRIPPE— 'In this city. Franklin Trippe. de-
' voted husband Of Dr. Nellie BelKhle Trlppe,
a native of Brooklyn. N. Y.
(CT" Funeral from his late residence. Strath-
more, 207 Larkin street, this (Friday) after-
noon, at 2 o'clock. •
WAKEFIEI.D- Drowned on steamer Rio de
Janeiro, February 22, 1901, Sarah, beloved
mother of Sam Bell and Franklin W. Wake-
fleld and sister of- Mrs. Ruth Miller. Mrs.
C F. Hobson and Mrs. F. C. Macartney, a
native of New York State, aeed 60 years 6
'months and 2 days. .^ .
GTFrlends are respectfully Invited -to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Saturday), at 2
o'clock, from Asbury M. E. Church South,
corner Clay and Fifteenth streets. Oakland.
Interment private.
WOODBURN— In this city. February 28, 1901,
Charles M. Woodburn, beloved son of Mrs.
Georce H. de Valln. and brother of Sidney
Woodburn. a. native, of Sacramento, a*ed 19
1 and interment at Sacramento.
VOIGT— In this city, February 28, 1901. Wfl-
llam Charles Voigt, beloved son. of William
C and Josephine Voigt, and erandchlld of
Mrs. Mary Hansen and Mrs. Lizzie Marden,
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 4
menths and 3 days. ;
ZIMMERMAN— In this city, February 23, 1901
at his residence, 4021 Eighteenth street. Peter
R beloved husband of Marearet Zimmer-
man and father of the late David Zimmer-
man and the late Mrs. Joseph W. Elvers, a
native of Germany, aged 69 years.
trr Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral, which
taken place to-morrow (Saturday), at 9
o'clock, from his late residence. 4021 Kight-
eerth street, thence to the Church of the
Holy Redeemer. Hartford street, where a re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
"A Crust of Bread,
"A Jug of Wine
. : ;>'Ariipwip.:;V:; ¦;;¦:
-.' -' -.-*•--¦ V ".' ~ ~ ' '• .. .. ¦" -.- .¦.-¦¦ '*-' '• : ¦ .'-\ :• :'¦••:¦ •¦' ..-' * <, •-
:. :"-...¦ "¦¦-'• .-'-•'• -.--¦ - . -. ¦ ¦: . ¦¦•¦ '::.-¦¦¦¦ '¦*. ' ¦••"•. ¦'•\i l 1
• "¦'.'/ '•'*¦.-¦¦'•.¦. ";.":'.:;, •'••¦• •. : ;" - : . ' -.•'.'"• '. •¦:.'<' ¦'.
] > :¦¦ /Beside me on the Lhxiltaa— - ;
Ih: Colilornta Limitci
:V:; 0 Well, Ve caa do belter \
than that on the Santa Pc.
¦ Jomfl to Chicaflo • • ' - %
'_ Oi thC blood. ¦:::- .
:. ii»l'»RR!i Tuirm i-onriiT. I
.'¦¦¦¦/J: ¦: 1 -^: (f*oifio iiiTiit). 1 :: .-..¦¦•¦.¦;¦•:¦:¦-.. ;:':'.¦¦'¦':; -'
- ' Ttmtnm !•»»»• ¦»¦•*- nr» «n«l» arrlff • m*
- -.-.-.¦.•¦, man nt a h«;isk!o.:---. ;; - -••¦.--¦•.•-.¦¦¦.
; • '; .' r :¦': (HtlnUne. Foot of Uuktt Street) \* V. -_' - - -;/. ;
' ijutb ¦ — : .: Frou Jasuast L 180L — itun : .
7iS0* Benidk, SuUun. Elmir*. V*c»tUl«,
¦ ¦ .-•' Kum»-J uid a»CT»tnBnto. ......... -.-.¦. Tt43r
7 JO a D»tL% Woodlmnd. Knight* L*adln«, ¦ -
. ¦ JlarjiTllle. Oro»lllo_ . ............. 7i49f
" f :SO a A tUntlo K ipress-O| le» and Eui 1 8 1 1 3 ?
. 8:OO a M *r! in«i. San ltd:uou, Vallejo, N»pa» ' : :
¦ •.!¦: C»U«tot»*nd8»nt» Uos». ........ SilSp
. IiWa KQaa. - LlTwrmore, Trtoj. L»thjoj>,
' . ---.. Bto<*ton ......... ....... T»13»
•:S0a Bhaato rxpre«s-D*Tl», WiUUmj (lot : : . -. ¦ :
; v Bartlsf* SprlnpX WlUow*. Bid ¦ V. ¦
':¦; ".:.¦• Bluff, J»ptW»nd7« ............... JM»I
liiii Ban Jos#» LlTBrmore. -JJloekton, , .;
• ¦ • - .--' lone. fc-WTi'urnto. . FUe«T»Ul»» ¦ ¦ ' - .
: :¦:':¦¦ M«rj«TiIU>. Chlco. ltsd Uluft...... «tlSr
'•-•¦. Br«O A OakiHIe, Chiie»8. fconora. Carters... «iI5» ..
WiOOa H»y wards. MlM »nd Waj Stations. 11143a
DtOOi Los Angeles Express — Mirtlnex,
.'• ' Tracy, LaU»f<>p. 8 lock ton. Mereed ' |
..'.- -- Frmiio »nd L r * Ang«lo» .7il.1i>
. «•*• A Vkllojo. Martliic* and SV»j St»tloo. a i43»
I OiUOa The OrerUndUMtcd— Ojdon. D*o»
. »er, Omaha. CUeag<i tida*
UlO«A Nlles. Stockton, riaaampto. Mm*. . ,/
dota. Fresao, Uanforl. V.'iaUa.
Portenllla ««!»»
HKJOiLltmnore, 8»iij<r G«h.n Ju»
W. Uon. Bakersfleld. I* « Ansdaa
tliOOr Sacramento ltl»ee St*»m«r« fSiVOa
aiOOr HajwMds. Nlles and V/ay SUtjOBJ. Bi«3»
i,«ttp Wutluex. Hail lUmo .. VaIIcJo. _
•"' JJ an ». C'»)I»t<n». S»ut» Itosm » •¦IS*
'"'''- «i«S)r Benleim. Wlniera, b«>or»in«nUiw .-.--. ¦-'
. -.- Woo.li»nJ. Kudbla .Landing. .
.'¦•" ¦':¦' M«r7i»llle, Orotlll* 12'i 8 *
4tSOp HaTwaids, Nlles and flan Jc*«. ..... 1**flk
SiOOr NUes. LlTermore, Stoektoa LiJI ... 1»«15a
fSsOOrHamet Limited. El Paso, N«w '. ¦
: - Orlaana and Kaai. • «!•»»**
OiOOrTho Owl Limited— Traer. Fi-«oo. : .
¦ - : - . Bakenfleld. Haiifiu for Baota liar-
.• bara, Los An isles. .. lttlfa
8t««rH«v Orleant KicrfM-IUVersdi*. \
¦'¦¦ - - BanU Harbtta. I am Angeles. Dent; .-.
-'.' - . Inr. El Paso, Hew Orleans an*
' Kaat • Ti-M*
AtOOp II>r«uJi, Nllas and H»a JoM 7. 1 1 4
?OiOOr Vallejo Ili43«
flittOr Oriental Mail-OgJen. Caejenne.
-.: : Omaha. Chicago 12:13r
6:OOp Oriental Mall— Of dan. Denver.
"' Omaha. Cbleaao. 4lI3*
1 7«»«r Oregon and Callf.«n!» KiprMa.Hao-
'¦¦-..¦¦.¦ rauienlii, Marjsillle. KwMliu,
. . l'oitlainl, Pii.et H0111.J ami Rail Si%*>
•lOirSmo Pablo, P<>«» CoiU. Mtrtlaei
"'.. and Waf rttatloua 11.15*
l«:O3f VaJUjo 7»43p
:: COAST limtlO* (Sarrow <i«« B «).
: ;. ( Fool of Market atreet.l
»«l»ANewark.C>ntar»Ille > fiajJose,r»ltoii.
- . . Boulder Oreak.SautaOrui and Wa»
KUtloua -••" •«¦••
tail »r Newark. U«mt»r»llle. San Jo«^ New
.¦"-¦ ¦ -.¦ AlmatleD, Felton, Houlrtef Creek. . . . . :
¦:¦ •-'.¦- Banta Crui and l'rluclpil Wat
: ' Stations fl !'?2*
4ilSp Newark. H»n Jo««. Loa Gatna Si.IOa
o»:3Op Hantara' Krannion. Ban Joaa and
WayStaUona %•**+*
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtain miBtsco— ri»t «r \tui*\ itoni (Sii» J)— - :
n-.U *•¦» ll^ea.m. 1:M I:M (:13o.m.
From OakUaO— foot nt Oreavdway.— f« O «:«•
lOit-oawm. 13:00 t.-»» irOCp-m. ¦
COAST MTIKinX (Brot.! «*¦){•).
¦"; .;.'¦-.. . (TblrJ aiid Townsei"! StO
tOilOAOceau V l«w. Hutitti .-»«n i>'iaucUc<i.. |*«i»«»f
7t«»A8au Jose ami Way 8lnU..m (New . :
Alinaden \Ve.1ne>daTi only) !•»•»
. • tit«A Hau Jow. T/e« l'luos. JUnU Cnis, »
: PaelRo Hrota. 1'am Knules. Man . ... .
.: : . Lirfa Obbpu. Hurf. I^mpoo and ",
- Prtnolpal Wa» Statlona J'lJ*
I«i4Oa Ban Joa« and Way Statlona. S'SS
Ili3<»» StiiJon a..« Way HUtiona ........ •>*•*
t»i4Sp Ban Mateo. Redwood. Menlo Park, ;
Palo Alto, danta Clara, osh.Imm. "
. : .-- ¦•:•¦¦ V Tre» Plnoa, 8a»U Cnix. Sallnaa.
".'-':¦ ¦ • Uonteiey aud UaelOo Oro»« '*! „ "•
taia*> P »aa Joae and Way 8tallo..a 2'?-'
t4:lSr SanJoae ami Principal Way Statlooa »«4»A
IStOOpSan ioto. Los Oatoa and Principal. ¦.
' Way3U0ons.. t»s«»a
»aia«p Ban Joa« aii>l Principal Wa» Stations *****
•«:ior San Jose an I Way Statloua.. t i t t»i
Olli4Sr 3an Jogtraud Way Station.... ...... 7ta-Q»
A for Monitnj. : P for Aflernootu ¦ ~:
.. fSnurtayeieepted, • : -^ ¦-:'.•.• ¦.-? wa«a» •»•*;..¦
":¦ : t Moadars. Wedaesdayi, Frlui*. - : . - ¦.-. :¦:, • , :. ¦: ¦. .;¦;
« Tueadajs, Thnndajs. Sundaja, .....-...:..-. ,.\; ¦.;.¦:,:-.:.
.--; a Satarda* only. ' - : . " ¦; •¦ ,;-.. .- ¦';-_'¦]¦¦':.' ¦'¦¦- ;' : •'.. ,-. : :./•'• -•:;.
CALIFORNIA RORTQfiSTEM)X COl
¦:- : '-- :: - : ;-v : ¦:'¦ '-•¦:.,; LSS9BB ¦ V^-^-
SAfl FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
••V. ¦¦;.-¦ RAILWAY COMPANY. : >:
. . :. Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Marlrat St : ; :
¦' ' Kan Francisco to Smn Ra»T— 1. ¦ ¦
TIBUKON FEKRT- FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS-7:lt>. 9:00, U:W a. m.; 13:35, l:J0.
5:10. S.SO p. ra. Thursdays— Extra trip at U:U
p. m. Saturdays— Extra trios at 1:50 aad
11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 3:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:90. l.VK
6:00. e:» p. m.
San Kaiaol to San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-«:10. 1:60. l:». 11:10 a. m.;l!:«.
1:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra, trlpa at I:a4
and 6:33 p. m.
SUNDATS-S:l0, t:40. ll:M «. m. j 1:10. »:«\
8:06. t;2i p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schnetxea Park.
cam* fchedula as abova.
Leave I In Effect I ArrlTw
Ban Francisco. |Noy. 7. 1900.1 San Ftaaeis<».
V.'eek I Sun- I I 8un- I Week
Days. I days. I Destination. \ days. J Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 am Kovato. 110:40 am 8:40 am
1:30 rm 9: JO am Petaluma, l:0J pm 10:M an.
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa, j 7:15 pm tapn
Pulton.
7:S0 am \7lndsor. 1O:SS am
Healdsburr,
G«ys«rvlil».
|:Wpm 1:00 am Cloverda'.e. 1:SS pm i:O pn
7:30 amj g >nd op i;k 't aBj | 7:3S pm | <:n pga
7:30 am *¦ 10:25 am
»:C0am Guernerlll*. 7:S pm
>:S0 pm . g:a P"
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I t:15 ami 8:40 an
and I I
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Qlen Ellen. | «:0S pm| t.Zi pra
7:30 ami S.COaml 110:40 am|10:25 am
>:30 pm| 5:0O pm| S«ba»topol. I 7:3j pm| t:I2 pm
Stages connfet at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Fprinrs and White Sulphur Sprint:*; at Futton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Gcyservllle for Skasgs Springs: at Cloverdal*
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
! Eirlnsrs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Car!s-
I tad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
1 Springs; nt Uklah for Vichy Spring?. Saratoga
i Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel D«U Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Pomo. Potter Vallay.
John Day's. Riverside. Ller ley* a. Buekneira.
Panhedrln Heights. Hullvtlle. Orr*!! Hot Spring*.
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Westport. CaaU
Wllletts, Laytonvllle, Cummlngs. Bell's Springs.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, NO Market st.. Chronicle build.
Ing. R- X. RYAN.
H. C WHITING. Gen. Pass. Agt.
Gen. Manager. ¦ .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Muket St. - ' \
U. tto rotw. an.aanmaN.
9:15 a.m.") CTvvvnwd ( 3:00r. *.
1:43 P. JC. \ WEEK DAYS — I g..^ p
4:00 r. m.) Stay over nigh tat the tavksx Ivr.n a.m.
8*0 a. HO I l:W->«.
11 :» a. m. f SUN D A^ S j 4:i5 p „
1:15P.M.) ... .' - ¦ \ 5:iJP.lI.
Fare. Sun Fra^dten to Suininit and Return, il. to.
Ticket unices. 621 Market tit.. & Sausallto Ferry.
§Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
\ 629 HEARS Y ST. Established j
iln 1«»34 for the treatment "f ItIvmw
f Uitfnsen, Ixv<t Man tint hI. I>rbi:itr or
ft li«*'a.i» n-earicgnn body aoil mlmi and
jsitin Dist>nses. The Doctorcnrrawlien
3nthers fall. Try him. (.'harass low.
!il*'"r«-» jtunrnntcfU. O.vllor writ*.
<4XBBOX.SaiirraaciacQ.CfJ. _Special Annbuncsment.
, The great ragtime pianist, Mr. George
Hayes, will perform on the" great", Heine
piano at Kapp Co.'s Renned Concert Hall
andjTamale- Grotto, :3; to: 15 Golden Gate
ave., to-morrow,' night. Grand reopening
Under new management.' Chas. '- Leon
bardt Jr.,- Manager. "" ~ '•' ~.V" *
.' ' ¦ .' . ¦ ¦ j" - •-;• • ¦ ' : •
To Make Fraternal • Visit.
,' A- fraternal visit wiinbe paid to-night
by. California Parlor No. ;l : of , the ; Native
Sons < of -. the ] Golden : West to . Army; anil
Navy Parlor, which > ,wa's «_ organized by
Native Sons who served in : the waT with
Spain.- -California Parlor -has decided 10
make monthly ,vislt3 to the other, parlors
in tire city, so as to . promote .interest !n
the order. Its members will ; assemble to
night in the N.S.G. W. reading-room at
8 o'clock and go in>a body.- . ¦ -.• -.--¦-;
The Circus Will Parade To-Night.
¦ To-rilght | Noirris & S Rowe's big . tralne.i
animal show will give ¦/. an illuminated
street parade. The entire company .: of
more than- 300 animal actors will be se^n
decked out in new trappings. The parade
will leave MechanicsM"a.vilion at 8 o'clock
and will go down Market street to Kear-.
ny, to Sutter, to Grant avenue; to Market
and back'to the Pavilion. The show will
begin a sixteen days' engagement Satur
day afternoon and will give rerfprmante3
at 2:30 and 8 p. m. ¦ during .the engage
ment; Professor Norr.is win drive Alexis,
the only trained .African zebra In the
world. In the parade.' a feat, it is said,
accomplished by no other animal trainer.
McALLISTER-STREET CABS
: TO RUN TO TENTH AVENUE
Market-Street Railway Company De
cides to Extend Road Three
: :^-:'\ / -¦: Blocks. v ..::.- ..-,.. V
The directors of the Market-street Rail
way Company held a meeting yesterday
afternoon. It was decided to extend the
McAllister-street road from I Seventh ave
nue to Tenth avenue. Work on this ex
tension will be started at once.
The advisability of changing the steam
dummy line from Central avenue to the
Cliff. -Into'. an' electric . system was dis
cussed, and it Is more than possible, that
at: the next meeting an order will be made
for the work to be commenced.' The Jack
eon-street line, from Devlsadero street to
Central avenue, will also soon be turned
into an electric line, as will the Sacra
mento-street line from Fillmore to Cen
tral avenue.
The matter of allowing school children
to ride for half fare was also brought up
at the meeting, but no definite conclusion
was arrived at. '
• Silence fell yesterday upon ths prin
cipals In the controversy over the assign
ment of cases In which the office of tha
Public Administrator Is involved. All aM
awaiting developments. Neither Presid
ing Judge Dunne. Judge Coffey nor Judge
Troutt made any further statement and
equally silent were Judges Sloss and Mu
rasky, upon whom the duty of adjudicat
ing cases of the Public Administrator ha3
fallen. But the members of the bar w*ro
not silent. -" . T '
Judge- Dunne's stand aKaf. nst . 9
Coffey and Troutt wai the subject of gen
eral discussion and. generally «P^kin?.
was commended. In the language of Pro
bate C'erk-V. F. Northro? there is no
probate department of the Superior Court
of the city and county of San Francisco.
The twelve departments are composite
parts of the court and the Judces in eacn
Have equal jurisdiction over any and all
raKoa a probate department, Mr.. r«ortii
rop sayt. Is naught W a fiction of local
rule and practice and when Judge- Dunna
announced and carrle-1 out hte. intention
of- distributing probate business he was
not without the. law; wither has he cavt
It'^o'nly". matter Of time, a number of
lawyers hold, until cases will be assigned
In -rotatlon-rclvil. ! probate and crlmlnal
to the various . departments, when one
may see the dark-gowned widow of a de
ceased millionaire, give, up:, the witness
chair to a- low-browed criminal,' on .trial
perhaps for his life: when' every court
will have its luxurious witness-roomfor
the respectable and Its Iron-barred dock
for transgressors of the criminal, laws.
This belief will ' doubtless come ra a
shock to • some of the Judges who have
been following : beaten . lines for manv
yeurs. and the-' Innovation will only, be
made after a bitter struggle and much
relinquishment of dignity on the part of
some. But; as the attorneys feel that
Judge • Dunne's action regarding - probate
cases will be beneficial, they feel that fur-
Remain Silent While Law
yersTaJk of Probate
Controversy.
JUDGES AWAIT
DEVELOPMENTS
WOtTLD HAVE PORTION -OF ;>
= x : VAN NESS ;AVENXJE ; PAVED
?oard of Works Directed to File \Esi
: : tiinate— -Grade on Dolores , ' - '''"¦
¦¦ .¦¦¦¦::'¦'¦;.¦:¦ ';•>;"; Street.: : ;^ •• : .> : ,'^'' ; '
The Supervisors'- Street Committee •' re
ported yesterday. , in . favor of directing: the-
Board 'of Works to furnish an estimate of
the cost of bltumihlzlng Van Kesa ayeniie
between Hayos: and McAllister.-, streets : to;
enable due consideration to be. given! the
improvement /when compiling the budget
for ! the. fiscal year. A; number., of V tax
payers, including Father ; Allen of St/ Ig
riatlus Church and . M. Harris, addressed
the. . committee in favor of the. work.
Father; Allen stated that -the. crosswalks
are .ia. disgrace "to .=' the . cltyr-f ully two
Inches of mud .-¦covering" them i ¦ in : . : wet
¦ weather.' Harris. .- Raid there ;was little
•hope ; for the- improvement -If it 'depended
pn the'Board of Works. ¦ Colonel-. Mendell
said ¦'' the wijrk; \yaS'.: ; unnecessary ;' as the
north .end of- the avenue -.Was- being at
tended to.. Supervisor-Pwyer- suggested
that he. see Cornmisaioner. Magulre about
the matter, Which led Harris, to remark
sarcastically: - •¦.-.• .. •:';•-. -..-.. .;¦/
.'"There is noiis'e In seeing MagTilre: the
'general,' "• meaning Colonel -Mendell,. "is
the 'whole works; 1 '¦¦:..¦•. •': ¦ -.-
The Board of Works was thereupon di
rected to afford. such temporary relief as
Its funds would permit.' ...-.-' : '-'-; ¦ •;.'• -..:'¦
¦ The committee recommendied 1 the estab
lishment of a temporary grade, on Dolores
street . from Twenty-third to Twenty
fourth to conform . to improvements on
the block. . ¦ . . •
The. committee also recommended that
the Board of Public Works effect such re
pairs, to the sidewalk at > tho southwest
corner of Folsom and Sixth streets as
would serve to abate an alleged nuisance.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, March 1.— "With no
diminution of the wonderful nerve that
has been characteristic of the man since
the time of his apprehension for the mur
der of Express Messenger, Charles Lane
last August,- Roslyn .Ferrell at .12:06
o'clock this morning walked ; calmly to
the electric chair of the Ohio penitentiary
and expiated his crime. ..-':
Until 7:30 o'clock yesterday evening Fer
rell was in company with his three broth
ers In his room at the penitentiary.:. At
that time the brothers were asked to re
tire and Rev. -Fathers O'Reilly and Ken
nedy entered the room and remained with
the condemned man until :ie was pro
nounced dead. They administered the sac
raments in the early part of the evening,
and the rites had scarcely been concluded
when Ferrell proposed, a game of check
ers with one of the clergymen. :
Tiring of this after a time, he played
his suitar and sang until he was sum
moned to the death chamber, lie walked
into .the room -as calmly as if. he»were
mereiy a spectator. His face did . not
change color, ' and : his steps were strons:
and resolute; • He sat down In the electric
chair at ~::06 o'clock. He was. asked If he
had any last' message, and replied In . a
voice full of strength and without tremor:
"if have - nothing; to; say,"^ The . officials
made the last preparations, the fatal cur
rent., was turned .ori>-and- at' 12:09. o'clock
he .was declared , dead. ¦:.;¦:,. • 1...
: : \\Tater rates to.'ccmsumers ln : San Fran
ols-co'.wHi:not.be reduced during the;com
ing flsca} -year, according .: to the ordU
nance adopted last /night, - shortly vafter
midrilght, ; by : the: Board, of. Supervisors.
The pnly.change made in the present rate
ordinance was In section 11, by which the
$5 .rate p'er ¦ : month . - f or .;.;. hydrants : was
stricken; out and they will hereafter be
paid for by a: lump appropriation of $80, r
vOOO, wlth;.a promise, of . $20,000 additional
if .-.the cprripany.; lay?^ mains^ at r a cost of
$250,000 in the downtown districts during
:the.;eomlng'.year. ••'¦'It' is. expected" that the
city, will savo upward .of $120,000. ; by this
piAn..:.' • . ¦;;¦.•<•>;:¦."•"'¦'"';- :• ¦'¦¦¦¦¦¦¦.: ¦-.-.'..
¦ The board, after, considering the qiiies-.
tions of water aiid lighting rates lrt ex
ecutive: session .until . nearly midnight,
threwr op^n • the -doors .-'and = allowed -the:
public to enter. All the Supervisors werft
present, -with the .exception: of : Bdxtori.
Supervisor Hotallng presented the report
of the committee regulatings the rates
for" gas and electric lights,: which ..was
adopted. It was, in part, as .'follows: : v ..'•¦
:-lt ivas.the desire of. the- committee'- to recom-:
mend that the rate? for gas be reduced to-Jl 35
per.lOCO cubic feet, but It appears that the cost
of :. anthracite, coal, and other, materials have
greatly Increased and that the scale of wages
nasbe^n advanced. . which lead your committee
tq- recommend -the 1 re-enactment of the present,
maximum rate as 'fixed last -year. The San
¦Francisco .-Ga? -and-'... Electric Company has
•agreed .in case/the contract for lighting streets
wjth gas is awarded- to: It to Install 150 lamps
of. •-. three-cluster VWelsbach- boulevard pattern
at a rate of 15 'cents per. lamp. per eight. This
will Inltfelf.-even at the. present rates, effect
a- saving -to- the:' city and' county of. - approxi
mately, ,$iC0O for the year.- The minimum can
dle, power of gas Is recommended to be fixed
at 19- candles, in' Heu. of. 17 candles. •'. ..¦ .'-.. -.'¦' •
The . rates :^or incandescent electric
llKhts ! were reuueed from 12 cents per
1W0 watt hours (the rate established last
year) .to 11 cents per. 1000 watt hours, and
the maximum- rate : ,for .. each-arc ¦ light
burning from sunset, to sunrise was re
duced . from ?3 30 per. . week to $2 75 per
week. .'Other rates were left as at pres
ent. ¦¦!.'•¦¦ ;¦ .;. "¦¦'¦' ','¦:'¦ ; rv ;-;..---_':.':..-. -
'¦ The -report -of the Committee on Water
Rates was as follows: ':- ,-,.• :¦¦ ¦.-:¦...••
To . the Honorable the Board of -Supervisors
of the City and County of .San Francisco-
Gentlemen:, ...Tho committee '. on water rates
Conduct Prior to Elec
' trocution.
BANDIT SINGS
BEFORE DEATH
' - ' ¦ " — \
Roslyn Ferrell's Remarkable
A torchlight procession, followed by ad
dresses at: Metropolitan Hall, will be
tures of. the : sixteenth .anniversary c^ie-r'
braticn ¦ of the Sailors* :.Union of the Pa
cilic. to be held Wednesday. .March .6.
The speakers will be Jefferson D. Pierce-,
H, .XV-;. Hutton and XV. 3klacarth-ur::r..Th<e:
jiarade starts, from East and - Mission
streets at 7 o'clock on . the night- Of : the
celebration. ¦•:?¦'% ¦'¦¦..'¦¦'¦¦¦ :> ; : • . ; ::'v. : < ¦.;.:J.~- ; -
To Celebrate: Anniversary.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
ti elttate. the spirit of Japanese home Uf*.
.SUICIDE OF A DESPONDENT MAN' -A
sick man wh» registered as Alfred Sckuti
committed .uldde last Wednesday hi U b j
turning on the gas in hts room f a fhe s£
Davld-s rodging-house at 715 Howwrl strset
He had beeo sick for a long time and wai
'rOTmSS'* B^ f ?™. oa the gu hi
had. filled the hole in a broken window pmi
Jltft his shirt to -prevent th« escap« oi tin
fluid. The body is at the Morgue.:
BXEAKTHIEF IDENTIFIET>-H. Anhlessee
the young man who was arrested ta the Pal
ace Hotel Wednesday night by Detective
Ryan and O"Dea on suspicion of being i
sneakthlef, -wilT probably spend some time It
jail. .-. He was positively Identified yesterdaj
as the thief who stole: a Tuxedo rait from I
room In the Palace Hotel occupied by Morgai
HHL : He was also positively tdentifled by I
lady : guest at the Ca:r:ernia Hotel as th»
young man: who stole the key of her brother"*
room and whom she discovered two days latet
tr>mg to enter- tha eame. . • - : .
In case we allowed the present Hydrant rates
we would have to-levy a tax to bo raisei
within the $1 limit the: sum of $222,180. : Bj
this arrangement we rrtlX levy not mors thajr
»l0O ""». saving thereby $122,180 for street oi
other improvements within, the $1 limit, whlct
will be welcomed by the'clUxens of San Fran
dsco. . .¦;¦••• '.,••¦ ¦ ¦ ,^-:« .. •.'...-.•:•;.-¦... .
-.'.Supervisor: Reed offered an ordinance
as a- substitute for the cornmlttee's, plar
calling for a reduction o{ ?5 per cent or
the ratea charged for w»t«r suppllea tc
rhippinjr, 5 per. cent on Household rates
and made an: allowance pf $25,000 foi
•water ..used •:¦¦ for hydrants. ». Reed's ordi
nance received three votes,*. Booth, Mc-
Carthy and Reed. The comrhittee's re
port and ordinance were then "adopted bj
a vote of 14 to 3. .; -. \ -.-¦'..
In fixing the hydrant .rate we have agreed
to give $30,000 as a lump sum fbr the hydrants,
and - In case .the Bprlng Valley -Water Works
agrees In writing . to spend $250i(X» Jn new
mains as required .by the chief engineer of the
Fire- Department,,: and to' be laid during the
nrxt fiscal year, will recommend the increase
of this amount. by $20,.Q00, making a : total of
$100.0f«.for hydrants. .. .', ;.. : - - - :'. , ..-• . ..- .
: This represents a saving due principally to
the fixing of the valuation of the company's
property ;as above. r"or this fiscal -year the
company will receive for 'hydrants $222,180.
•which is "the.: rate of: $60 per hydrant per an
num:.- ¦:•:,¦..>.-.... .- :...-.; :- : .:•-,¦•..-••:.¦¦. -"...'.' .-'.'¦
reports as foilo-wsr That In wrtewin* th»
testimony taken. : before -. tea . Board of . Super
visors they hav« determlwd the value of the
Spring Valley Water ."Works used In Bupplytng
the city and county and. the Inhabitants there
of trlth • water • at $22,939,732.' They arrived at
this value - by deducting from the value ftxed.
by the City Engineer, vis.. »;4.667.800, the sum
of JI.978.07S. This latter eum which has been
deducted consists of . the; values ¦: put by the
City. Engineer upon property riot' actually . in
use for. : the water supply, as follows:'- ¦• • ¦ - ; - \
: city • property; it, C5fi,7i8. -.: : : L ¦ :' :•¦:."•'¦:.
. Sear6vill8 property, f-171,750. • ' '-: '- ¦ •:: '¦ '
. Calaveras property. 4621,360. : '- -•'...•• • : -.
Ot franchise, .so: called. 150.000.- : ; : . : '.- '. '¦:': :'¦•
• On the value so Xlxed. vlx..'- 1^.933.722. Bper
cent was allowed, which amounts to H.M6.
88610.3 AVe have allowed for operating ex
penses $423,000. taxes 119^,000,". making a. to
tal of $1.767.858 10. from which was deducted
5 .per cent, estimated Increase, from new btisl-
nera, : f,;^OQO. • making ' a grand. . total of $1,6S3.V
S86-X0. revenue: to. which the company is enti
tled, it .shall . receive for the' next fiscal year.
The . amount we estimated It will receive
for the current fiscal year Is 11.829.499. Deduct
$1,689,986' as above leaves |139,5Ui -¦ ~. ;•¦"•.'. '"
Wildman's Brother Arrives.
Edwin Wildman. jr^ther of the tat*?
jConsul "" Rounsevelle AVlldman, "arrived
from New York la*! . nicht and ..took
apartments at-the Palac*. He has coin^
lo rnaSe arranfremenrs. for: the- funeral of
his brother and Mrs. WHdrnan and their
,r-hllarten should their bodies he four.d. Kc
vi-U attend to Consul W'iloman's business
jEffairs: in this city before returning lei
Ivt-w Vcrk. ; ''-'V-:-. ¦ -" .''¦'•:'..¦ : -:^ : - '¦¦'¦¦'¦':¦.¦ :'¦
L«tteT; Leads, to Suicide.
. The receipt .of a'lctter. from: the iloffmah
House, at'Eueenei;Greg:onv signed \"May'/'.
is believed to have prompted the suicide
of George; C; Random;-, whodied yesterday
on. thd way- to the" Receiving Hospital in
an ernerg'eney ambulancei, as "the ' result,
of h. dose of. '"rough on rats," taken ¦ Wcd
nesday.night-.1n' a lodging-house : at: 22 hi
Fourth streets Thfs :letter. carheVlo-: Ran^
sorn. at, Sacramento on February 22; The
writer asked .him, to' cease.'sending letters
to him and- concluded:-;by: saying-:- "'Don't
think iho simple.: act <jf Quitting- a..bad
habit makes a' man of you.'! ¦ ..-•;'
CbnSumeirs QetSm^iri^d unctions in Former,
but Latter Tax Will Be Same as of Old;
LIGHT AND WATER RATES
FIXED BY SUPERVISORS
ther changes would be more so. Th« ordej
Grand iElebpeniiig.
' . Under new management Kapp Co.'s Re
fined Concert Hail and Tamale Cafe/.with
the great, ¦.ragtime . -.-; pianist, Mr. . .-..Geo.
Hayes, -who .will perform on the, great
Holne piano to-morrow Tiigrht at 1200 Mar
ket and 3 to 15 Golden : Gate ave. :'CHas.
I^oohardt:.Jr.. Manager.. : ;..'¦ . -. v •.:.•.¦'.;: * •';
Cram's Atlas of the World.
The Call Is offerlngr Its readers the best
atlas on the market for $1.50. : .•"¦.•¦.;. ..-
Call at the business office of this paper
and satisfy yourself as to the merit of
this offer. :-. If you want a really fine book
of reference it is impossible to secure a
book to equal Cram's Atlas of the World.
• : Cram's Atlas is the best and rhost relia
ble atlas published In America^ .. Do not
order: any other . Work until - : you have
carpfully examined The Call's premium
atlas and -fully satisfied yourself, as to its
vast. superiority, over any. other atlas, .-; i'-.\\
By purchasing in large quantities., w.e
are enabled to. offer, all Call readers this
superb book of: reference for the small
sum of $1.50. or about one-ftfth of tlie reg
ular subscription price.-:' :.' : . ¦¦-.•':• .-. '"':.-¦' ¦-';'-
INDICTMENT
OF LEE SEUNG
FOR PERJURY
Gran d Ja ry Pi n d s T r u e B ill
Against Notorious Chi- • '¦
i ¦ nese Gambler, y; ¦
Accused, Familiarly Kno-cm as "San
Jose Charlie," Arrested on Bench
Warrant and Keleased on ¦.
* ... $2000 BalL \ \'--\- ); "
The Grard Jurj' -¦yesterday.: returned an
indictment. charg'r.s Lee Seunsr or "Saiv
Jcse Chariey.' the Chinese gambler, with
wiUful i>erjury in connection" "with the re
oent inA-eFtlKkVion into the allered cor
ruption in Chinatown. The Grand Jury
m«t at 2:30 p. in. and after considering Un
ln<iictmt-r.t with District Attorney Bying
ton preceded in a bo«1y: to ; Jud^e Sloss*.
fcuriroom. Grand Jurors Aheme. Badct-r,
Parry Harifor'h. l>un»er. Dunn. (Jordon.
Howe. Kelly. I'latPhek. Ramsdell, -Schmltt,
und -Yo.ung wore preseit v when roromar.
r»unkcr nrcf^utM the ' JAdlctmont to Jud>j<«
Siosp. The iJi^trict Attorney asked- th-«t
bail be f.xed at Jl>000 and thai a bench
warrant be ifp'J^J for the arrcst-.of' i^ee
Seung. '.':• Foreman Dui'ker reaucsted thrtt
ihe warrar.t b^ made out immediately aril
: that -the lh'dlr.trn«*nt- b<; not placed on' t IV™
secret file. The indjetmtnt follows:.:. • :; .
Trat isald li»* -S*>unjt. alias San Tttiiki <~har!ey. :
.rin : Februarj' 25. "1901. withrn the Jurisdiction «f
tlits rwjrt.".: before a .Orar.d Jury of th»; city
«nC county' of -Fan Francisco rnr:«Be<l in -the
Jnv<»Ft1(r«t1on of the --juc-stion trhether William
.'. F. BrophT.-- « ' tnejnber of the Police l>ej>aT-t
m'iit, ¦-. hati received .:-.¦. a . »iril>e for jvnnltting
rambling and- lotterie» to l>e conductHI. wias
railed: PS ai, witness to g.l\+ tt-stininny. concern-
Inp tiaidihvesUratlon nij the »iW Lf« S;ung
thrn and there <-ame its- PU<-h witness before
th» Grand Jurr. v.-hich administered to him
«n oBih.'.-..- -¦ ¦ - •'-.'¦¦'¦•'•. - - ' ¦-.'.:•¦' ; . ".¦"¦¦¦ :'-¦ ¦•
¦ Whereupon it becam? a oucRtion and a fact
matf-ria! to' the malttr undf r ir.Vfstlgation
.whether ihe *aid Iv«. >>*unir had -*r->14 lotter> 
tickets and had marked lotterj' tickets in Jan
uury anri February. l»'l. and to thi* <i"<*st1nn
T^re Fe-jr.*r,: :?s • Fuch witxw'^v '. did willfully,
falw ly. Tclon'.ously anl ccrruptly and contrary
to surh oath. and knouir.R the >am» and each
«nd jpveiy {«>rtir>n thereof to . be fal?*-. testify
end plve in. evidt-nce amen;, other things
That he. th? raid J^ee Seun?. had never
rold a lottery tkkct. ¦ l-a : - this city anil county
and had never mark»<J a Jittery ticket. .'••-¦ • . .
Wb'rrp**;--!*-' truth i.ri tn fact as th* eald
L»* Pfunit Hi»n »nit thrrf *«1I knew that he
had pol'i lott^rT tickets in this city and county
end had. rnarked lnttrrj' tickete. ' . ¦ :
¦¦ Whereby the ssld : l>oe Poung <51d then and
. there willfully and knowingly arid .'.-corrupt ly
fWfsr faintly and fel.iniously fcummlt wiljful
I-frJurj-, ¦-. ,- . .-¦ : : .:-.'- ; : ; •¦' ¦¦•¦ . ¦ : '¦ - '¦.'¦¦:
:The mmf 5 of the witnesses whos<? depoi
Fitlrr.s were read are John A. Boyle, O.
M. Boyle Jr. and Grand Juror James 'H.
Barry.- «»acli ofvhom swore that he had
ff»n "San Jos<? Charlcv" in his gambling
Joir.t at 727 Sacramento street. - ¦:::'
San : Jose Charlie was arrested ?arly
last «\>ning and almost imracdlately re
leaFfdoTi bail. ':¦...¦¦'¦ .¦••','••'. ::::::'¦: ¦'. ' ' ¦ , ¦¦'-¦
, - A mysterious blaze that occurred In the
grocery store . of John W. Scheihg. 2S5i
Mission street, is puzzling the Police and
Fire rJcpartments. The proprietor of the
establishment, who is. scarcely more than
a boy in years, claims that burglars, after
having robbed him of money arid goods,
a:pplled ; the. torch .to his establishment-
The detectives who have been detailed on
the case hesitate In accepting this theory;
and point to some circumstances which
wiil require considerable explanation. ,
At. half past 1 o'clock yesterday, morn
ing- an' alarm was rung: In. from..bo?c 236
and when the firemen arrived a section
of the. store near thq^ end of tho counter
was ablaze..'.' The ..-flames were extin
guished in a short' -'tisa'e Tand an Inquiry
held. Two of the rear doors of the place
had been bolted and tied together and in
the. panels of one of them were two bul
let hole3; A coal oil can, the -contents'- of
which liad. been used In Igniting the place,
was found ori thie floor. In the cellar : two
'sacks . containing stolen : goods were j Qis
covered. and ¦ the ". door leading .from .the
cellar to- the- sidewalk .was open. • ;5&W v -i ';
;John Scheing, the.i9ryear-bld prbprletor
of the place, told Ills story. He occupies
a room in the rear of the; store arid claims
that he' closed up his business and retired
abputlO o'clocki- At. the : hour of the fire
he was awakened by the sound . ot police
¦whistle's. He Immediately sought to open
a door leading to the store, but foTind.it
barred. Thinking that burglars wer© in
the place and were holding the door he
rushed, back-to his room and secured a
revolver with which he fired :twb "shots
through thedbbr.. When this did not have
the desired effect he jumped, through : a
¦window - to . thiB : : sidewalk and discovered
that his store was on fire; ¦"..-•.'. .; ; -,-'.. : - r - ¦'::'¦ ¦= ¦;. '-¦;
: The flremeri.-. found the two rear. dOprs
tied; together and broke, one of the knobs
oft in gaining an entrance. ; Schelng
plalms that-he.opened.a'drawer in- which
should be about'.$75 in cash;and. found the.
money-missing.- v' ? V" ' :'¦'•• '".': ¦ ••¦.¦:' •.. '. • ' ¦'¦¦'"¦
. The proprietor ialso stated to the- poltco
that, on Monday last he received a note .in
'an- envelope:,:- addressed to: '.:hlm,;-'. which;
Tead as .follows :-.¦-. ¦'¦'.. ; ;- ¦-. '".' .-• ; ' :.',-• ';:••••::
Jack— We will -flx yoii. this p-*ek;
• Scheirig says he' thought nothing of -the
matter at that time, believing it. to have
been-.the work' of . -.boys. -but -.he how/con
nects.' jt with yesterday : morning's : crime.;
He knows of. no brie: who Is his enemy
and cannot -account for the strange. Btfes
sage; .¦;;.¦¦ : .^ .;;..;•¦ - ¦ v •;. }y ':¦¦:¦''-. •'. .. .; ; -' V'. : : i}": :¦¦
: : 'Detectives ¦.Graham and. Fitzgerald, and
Officer. P. McKenna-.were- detailed on the
case.. To them :Scheing stated that: he
moved Into his present quarters from. 2950
Mission, street less than .a month: ago;
While ' in his '.old :stpre . : hj.s stock was-in
sured for $4Q0. V A couple of weeks, ago this
insurance was raised to 5S00: .' .'¦ ¦. ¦ ' ¦ •¦.¦. - '-¦ ¦
Paul Franks proprietor of the Baker's
Home on .Fourth, street, was; the first to
discover the fire and alarm the neighbor
hood.' {He says' he : alig-hted ..frp'rh a car 'near
the •' store- and' had ¦ started -up :Twenty-
; sixth street, when his. attention was ar
rested ¦ by.: two nfstol shrits. He -looked
ovier, ; saw the :.hla2e and then : blew, his
police, .whistle.:' .-.-.This statement - 'disagrees
¦with; that made'by.Scheing, the latter hav
ing said that he was awakened by Frank's
whistle- and .did not fire the shqts until
two minutes afterward. • '•-. ;"¦: /¦¦"¦¦'¦': :' : ?-.:. -
'¦: ,The.. police.-and- Fire Marshal Towe are
making a thorough lnvest{g;a.tion. and -.are
determined to sift the matters to. the-bot-'
torn.. \Young Scheing has be^riln America
but 'four' years.-^-': •• '¦:.:¦ "¦¦¦>''•¦ .;:.' v.{ .- .••".¦.-:". - ; .
.' Young. Scheing has'.been. in this country
four, years and .bears an Vexc.eljent' repu
tation; His loss will be $300; ..The building,
which is. owned by. M rs. AY. ; Hi ; JIcLaugh
l]ft,;ls'damagj*d ab6Uf$200.-v.:-: : \;.;':V Vl - ; ¦ :.••..¦
Detectives at Work Unraveling Mes)i
.of Circumstances Connected: "With
.'- .. : Blaze in Establishment . .
: : * of J. : W^ScheiBg.--- .-* V : ¦•.• ;
Proprietor Says Burglars
Applied the Torch to ;
Cover Crim3. " r ' ' ¦
POLICE PUZZLED
MYSTERIOUS
FIRE IN MISSION
Vwo Lrayloads of Smuggled Goods
/: Consigned to Adnaiial Beards
''¦¦''. lee and 'Others Are Seized
r ¦*. by Inspectors. ; , ¦
Commander Herbert Winslow,. U. S.;N.,
has hauled down his colors and spiked his
guns, -and his gallant : steamship -Solace
lies at Mare Island at the mercy of the
ruthless • Customs Inspectors. .Surveyor
Spear will board the vessel this morning
with a full corps! of Inspectors, arid after
they get through searching there will be
.ha complaint on; the >icoro cf la-ck ' of
thoroughness...- If afterward 'even ttv-rat
hole.; is found into which .the. Inspectors
have failed to poke ..the longest , sticks,
Mr. Spear will pay a big reward- to ' tho
discoverer.. 1 : : : •¦¦.¦•'.•-".-.•. :¦":¦'¦ '.¦'-¦ i .' ¦ ¦ - ¦¦' :\ '
¦ The commander of the Solace announced
his; defeat yesterday morning In the fol
lowing, note to Customs Collecto> Strat
ton: ;¦ . .-. /'.¦¦.¦ ¦ ¦*.."•"•:•'.•' '' ::¦' ¦ '' : :" r. -•'..¦'.¦¦' : -
Sir: I have received orders from the hon
orable Secretary Qt the Navy : to facilitate ex
amination by customs oincers and to comply
With i. articles' SWl and 8067 of the Revised
Statutes. -.:"'•;•/. • •¦-.- ':' :'; -'^ ¦
' I »ha!l' therefore be pleased to • assist you In
comply ins -with the order in every, reepect
and would fy> obliged if you- will, kindly give
it .your earliest attention. Very respect.tully,
• . ¦ \ v ¦¦.•¦.¦¦.Ht5RBERT ; . 1 WIXSLOW.; v
'. :, • - : • Commander . U. ; S. 'N,, i Commanding.. ,
Bixty-Slx packages, of ' smugg-led. Roods
were seized v by the Customs .Inspectors
as they were being landed from the Solace
at Mare Island. All of these were adr
dres«fid?to different .persons, and ;' were
taken to. ..the - Appraisers., store in • this;
Cityi: ¦ -.: The : packages' of smuggled goods
filled.; two drays,- Six large cases of ¦bric
a-brac and valuable curios were addressed
to Admiral Beardslee two cases to Ad
miral Irwin.V and packages to Mrs. Cor
win. Captain: C.-G. Andersen : and others.
'In'-'.' .the : collection- were . costly: 'vases,
bronzes, swords, fans, . furs. Ivory carv
ings and dainty tea sets; In addition : to
the goods enumerated; 300 cigars- were
found concealed in the ship's ¦ dinfryV .' • ... '¦¦
• '"Under the law,", said- Port Collector
Stratton yesterday, "I could. request; the
United States District Attorney to ask
the United States Grand Jury to indict
Commander Winslow,' but= I .shall riot : .do'
It. He has surrendered. and Will giye us
no further trouble." •¦¦•'. .¦-.;- : .'.'!'•¦•.¦.
urreiid«rs the; Solacs to
¦the Customs People; ;¦
: Uncoiiditionally. - ';
CAPTAIN WINSLOW
STRIKES CO LORS
Charles Miller, a ia-year-old boy, com
mitted, a daylight burglary at the corrier
of Fierce and Greenwich Streets Vester
¦<lay morning^ and was )irrested /while try
ing to dispose of ¦ Jiis- booty. The lad
climbed up a porch to the second stpfy.
of the house occupied by Mrs. M. G.
Gorbnan and In sight of many pedestri
ans on. the. streets entered a window. and
Hole a pistol, a pair of opera glasses, a
diamond pin, a : ; toy bank filled with
hickcLs and four silk handkerchiefs!. The
youthful criminal Is also suspected of
havihs attempted' to enter a residence at
fJWTi l'M-rce street on the previous night. .
¦Shortly before noon several people no
ticed a youngster climbing up the porch
in. front of "the grocery under the Hat oc
cupied by Mrs. Gorbnan. The iadopened
a v.-iTitlow and tearing one of the curtains
oil- entered a room. He v/as supposed : to
b«. an occupant of the house on account
or hN boldness and nothing more was
thouB-ht; of the affair until Mrs; Gorbnan
returned to lierliomc tw» hours later and
discovered tHat her rooms had been en
tered and a number - of '.articles ¦ stolen.
Shi? at once notllied the police, and sew
eilil officers wtre set on the trail of the
oiTrnder. . :' ~ .¦••¦;..'..• " . : •; : •.. • -. • :¦ •'.•
The Jirst evidence the police . obtained
that yourjg : Miller had . ' committed the
crlitie was given to them by the grocery
man fiownstalrs. who s.nysthe lad tried
lo sell the stolen pistol to- him. • In an
other place more of the property was re
covered and;. the culprit was soon under
lock and .key.' ¦ ' ¦... : -.' ...:. -.¦:¦.:.¦".•.•
Tho; police did: not charge Miller with
burglary, owing to his tender years. -Re.
has been booked for a public, institution
and the courts will be asked, to put him
out of the way of mischief for. a while.
He resides with his parents, at 4 RIgley
place. : ,. ••••••• •¦.¦.•¦.'¦..-. •¦••¦ s •. ; '-:;.: '..;:; :¦•'• .• ¦ -¦..-¦
Charles Miller Enters Eesidence of
: T&xs, ; Gorbnan on Pierce Street
. /and Steals Several Articles .'¦¦;}
: -' : : : '? •'.'¦^.¦. .¦''¦•;. v of : Value. ¦¦ •vV.-': ; .'¦ i \.'-.
POLICE CAPTURE
YOUTHFUL THIEF
Ten-Year-Old • Lad Com mil.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALE, FRIDAY, MARCH 1, 1901.
12
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Weekly Call,$1.00 par Year
DR.MCNULTY:
and rkliacle old
. HpodAlLvteruresntood Poison. iionorrbcau.Oleet,
Htrteturr, S5^ruinal Weakness, Impotence fttid their
Dliteil Di.«ort?ers. iloote on Hlwwfi of Men. fr»«.
OTerWyearn'^xper'enee.Ternrn reasonable. Hoar%
9to.1ilalrjr:C:.'X)toS.30»T > K.'«. *»nn«L-«T«..10u> 12. Connol-
latlon I recan«l?ncredly omttdentiaL Call ormddresa
;*:¦¦ Fi nos*coE afcsrui*TY, h.d. . ->
3S};KcarnyHU »«n Fran<riiico,Ca3-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
mM f'llf!lll" j| illll[l I '° Uf Handkerchief Dap't. A Bswileer.ng. Fcscinai.ng Assortment cf {^J^A
W§& I mm 1 I We are offering this week LADIES' BeOUtiflll Rib^CnS. C?^^
H i \\\M\X III - !a HANDKERCHIEFS, made of ven' ben „ . . SS^J
wSi H'iS S 1 Irish linen, hemstitched and trimmed. "¦> o£/c.1 Variety. No Such Larish Display.
E**fi til fmlTLUI i with narrow edge of Valenciennes lace; f.'o Such Pncts Xo Be Found Eisstvher". r>fy&\
RugB l«TUriTrK.IM 9 warranted pure liner.: ready for us<?. _^ o n q . TTV ' I <*.^J
tM Eill I rk^ for special selling..... ...17c- m^ BLE-FACED^^ SATIN^ K^A
W& I k^ ord Our Neckwear DepH/^ /^
3 UDIKS' NECK RUCHES mad« of be« 4l' S 2/£i l f, o lf""';. pll f i , n \ n(1 Lrs - S£*dl
Wxti SmwffWB 1 Quality liberty silk; extra full around the TLK JAttblA KIBBON, 4 inches wide /x'V^B
Bg-M cnini.iinim.iiin .b neC k, with long accordeon plaited end*.; •••••• • r -;;--.^.. 12HC V!*^\1
mga 9 warranted all silk and fast black. Th.^ CTrtPP itcmc
H8I! „._. ..1 small store's price.. ...81.7:5 T ,. • r , , . /T£<WS '
PafP*^-- 1—1 ...!T.T!I'*^ .-•-•¦-¦- ladles Colored Ginfrham Aprons .1 '*>-;.<> 6S4
ESSl 1 1J ALSO FANCY LAWN OVERCOLLARS Indies' Initial Handkerchief* n« S&&
feal ' ' g^Sa3g aBy made of very best -Quality lawn and best Torchon I^aces at one-half price. r»c >?t
BiB '¦'¦ ¦.**&«-'. .-• ,. Swiss fmbroidery. 25 different styles to If you are In need of any Embroidery jp3
R^l ..¦.-¦.•:'..¦ - ; :;' . choose from at ........... lOt* they are on sale at slven away prices.
M A Travelers Sample Line: NEW GLOVES--2f5^f f Without a Peer-^Without M
ffiS ThpMPW Shirt Waicfc .gr." ", ',- ' \ We have just re- ;> Rival I ¦ ¦¦••¦3
»| •;.: .'- 1 " C • | «'T. v5»irt YYaiStS. celved our sprint ship- « n*Vdl. . Ig
m '¦¦¦¦'¦:-- r r"s '¦"¦"'¦ two important S^iRp cloves' ¦¦ coSSS*** Astounding Bargains. eg
H VS^ nrirpV "-m?v» tw! • P tan^mSfe'rSfS Nei«rr«;f fo tt/s Special Salt &3
; M : -' JmMM^ tfreSne- d °al b l ly -!r6 of best Russia leather. Paris point : cii ¦> A^^-rc '- '¦¦¦ ' - W\
m MWwl^ltlwiW^ t™ clasp-without excep-: ; ,: SlLK WAISTS. Si
M :^^liW^ ;^S^d^;'^: tl 'e-be 3 t glove on the mr^t /'/Over ihree dozer,: SILK WAISTS.
¦^ Wfyffe^ 5 ' after onI >' the new-; ¦ r •'•¦•""""••••^•••¦; ¦ *VV made of very bfst qunljty soft taf- Km
5*9 '-ITiSr-- t'st patterns and OflP Sopfial III Our "i-l a '. S01 ?« tucked and hemstitched RS
XS I r \ made of very best „ - m "" C , °H CI - IU1 '." .""' , fro!lt »«;<.l back. r,r hers conled. difT^r-
938 ¦"¦". "¦:"'¦ ¦ wash materials. Knitted Underwear Deo t h?-,S.i, C0 " l!ch as sreen. cerise tim
£S "We have a very fine SAMPLE tr ' ¦¦¦.,-' "„!,>:„ K .v y - rer1 an<1 -lavender: re- him
rffl LINE, sizes 34 and 3G, all made of Wor fit of Mentrcn. ; member these ar*| .odds {fiiU*e\«^« sr> Bi
m very best percales,^dimities, madras SADIES' VESTS, made of best S Qr f e^ ar I. y ahd X?t *te* and .-.color- fc*
. WA and lawns. "We bought these waists quality plated silk, low neck, no »«1!, *ri~i"* Se st ' J have all been Kf
at a prcat reduction. AND WE "sleeves, neck and arm-size crocheted rcaucoa irom JS.op and IS to ..... t',1
Ka WILL GIVE YOU THE BENEFIT with silk and drawn throucrh with CJ^ <^ p- M
WjH QF IT. Bilk tape; colors, pink and blue— for "»£> Cm, m £/ t Sn
. IN OUK REGULAR STOCK are to-day and to-morrow ¦...V.-;. : ...-.i2uc"' . ¦ ' fL : ¦'¦¦"'¦ '•'"' -" ; - -¦-•¦•¦ v .
M -^ArS^IRTWAIS^
Bfll .made, in -the. new stralffht front ef-. •' ¦¦.-¦.:.¦:' ". .-¦¦"¦• . ___,_, _,,,,,_,-. ¦'• ¦"'¦'¦ ¦¦¦'¦' Girnlo rni*cat ¦ ' :¦ . ¦J3
M feet, allcolors; all sizes: only;..O8c:-: s\ ; H LADIES' SKIRTS. V KfirQl^ >OrSet. m
\M. Sale; at O'Farrell-st. Entrance... /. : g^^ :: i v '* s^ cf best Quality H
K3 _J'<^ muslin, with 14-inch I r v-,*r Italian cloth wpII boned cS
¦^ 50cLadies' Hose now 29c 9S5t^v«^S5teSSe^SS*3Ri£^ ; ?= *ffi ™ 3t -*'l? ot
•:H Hosiery Talk. /M^U^M^^^^^M^^W^ 9
. '^ -LADIES':. H0SE. : made of Rood :.\%^^B? th * greatest buying KB^^SSSSSS^^aS&'SS Wk
R^l quality fast black lisle, high, spliced chances It has wer / L?^^^ the thing for ease anrt S3I
eggl heels and toes, double soles. In ribbed •' :•:' -XJJJjsajStS been our jrood . for-: \\J&rf /*? romfnrf rr»rni-« tv»«v >va
-..or I; plain -efrect-HOur challenge^ot-y-^f^SS^- r. tune .to oatT^pn't^&f^&\^:^^^^^^^^^ ft3
If ; V V^-^- 4 :-A±XJKJJmd±*.JU'JLAJLl>XA 5 running through to 11 cfarrell st. m
j£a ¦•'.;.;;.- .-:"..;' MAIL ORDERS SOLICITED. '. : .: , ; ¦ PHKLiAN BTJUjDING: pA
w'iU'rrl 'H'" I wj!HfiwiWIPflIlw//jWinil\ tt ¦, Pictured abovi in 'pretty -mix-.
II |i/i # S^flHHilllflfaillhllltlfVv/'illttiraV Have beefy iures.bho^and ox'orcU. for
f l$H W mMWMwWMlMlWk tested^!; to's,.agcs 4io 10 ye,ars.-$4.00
I r-l $P I Illplli^WllSl c^ r ¦^ he^ e S2.00 ;
I You §MliSS^S^P^^^SIi
H \/W V^V^QLfllML^B I 1^ T ? BOiB : choice color-
For handsomer, richer, neater or more correct styles in £ s > checks, ¦ , W/
as lo fashion's latest dictum than the pretty sti/les strv P cs > ?^- ; ¦':. JW- •
» • -¦-- • j ¦ _t - ¦-.. ¦- ¦ ¦•¦* *.«^." j wool inaivn aJs. - •¦ . '&>*cB' "'••¦'
shown up in our windows for spring. ' V •[;' ..i « ~q V
M^o' the iieiv shcides iii tlw
COAT. ";*•¦¦' "/','.'.- * •¦-, : ' < *" ' Spt'cLii ,.//:: \ '•.-/'.!'
¦'¦: ¦¦:': Suits and Overcoats that are full of Character ; ' d* i -pr o ; • ¦
arid snav-^Suits and Overcoats that: arc easily "ibl«5ci '
As a special we've marked 'em > .:>.' - ¦..'.' '•" ¦ -., .¦.•'.:•'¦
' '.--'IfijgSMI : ' ¦ ' "' : '"" -.-'¦'¦¦ : . i}: ' For beys, ages 8 to 16 years, in
' ¦ ' " "~~~ . • handsoma, Scotches, new spring
: H^Hi & li«k i 1 A" ted" "" W Qi/l^DV si V les t double- breasted vests,
tt^f^ J\ 1j[jJCW^RM?d3|""^ ! (^k S $7 6o\ Special . * • . ,
The Money-Saving
Furniture and Carpet
HOUSE. |_
We have proved by our 20 PER
CENT DISCOUNT SALE cur
prices were right at all Umes.
Before purchasing elsewhere it
will be to your advantage to pay
us a visit. We can furnish your
house completely.
Bargains In every department.
CASH OR CREDIT.
1O PER CENT OFF FOR CASH.
Everything marked In plain fig-
ures.
KRAGEN FURNITURE CO,
1015-1017 Market St., ;--
Tel, gonth 371. Opposite Taylor.
\ -~S§p|^ "VAN YROOM"
! f X ) fV*VS. MARKET 6t«
PAINLESS 'DENTISTRY]
v . : -Y*'