VOLUME XC— ISO. 38.
SAN FRANCISCOj ;0VipNI)^Y; 19O1.
PRICE FIVE CEoSTS.
Escorted by His Daught^ the
Remains Are Conveyed to the Shores of the
Bay, ithe Scene of H is ; : Worki
IN THE NIGHT STAGE BRINGS
BODY OF LE CONTE FROM THE
MOUNTAINS WHERE HE DIED
THE body of the late Professor Jo- ',
seph . Le Conte, whose sudden
death in the Yosemite Valley on
Saturday morning brought grief
to thousands, arrived at Oakland !
yesterday afternoon at- 3:30 o'clock in',
charge of his daughter, Mrs. Davis, and.
Dr. E. R. Taylor, dean of the Hastings
Law College, who were with the beloved
teacher when the .final summons called j
him from .his sphere of usefulness.
The rough pine box containing the re- j
mains of the great educator . had been '
brought from"' the Yosemite Valley by |
stage and train, and as simple had been |
the life of Professor Le Conte, 1 so^was the \
last journey from the mountains he-loved
to the bay shore, where' for so many years j
he had lived and worked.' - - •' ¦
There will be public funeral services' in >
honor of the memory of the" late', pro- j
HOUSE 'WHERE PROFESSOR JO
SEPH. LE CONTE LIVED AND
THE PLACE WHERE HE DIED. '*,
- As "the ¦ sun went down on' Saturday
evening behind the mighty crags of the
Yosemite, the special siage bearing the
body of Professor Le Conte, was hurried
along.; the'-mountain "roads."'' Wreaths of
oak, pine, fir and other forest leaves were
fastened to the, rough casket.. They .were
.the ¦ tributes of- affection from many, grad
uatea and : students of the university who
were in the valley. The wind sang a re
quiem' over^ the body, of the. man who had
loved ' every, inch ; of ; the ¦ marvelous g-ar-
Night Trip From Vallay.
Mrs. Davis, daughter of Professor Le
Conte, and Dr. Taylor rode beside the
driver of the stage ¦ coach on the long
drive from Camp Curry in the Yosemite
to Raymond. The start t was made at 3
p. , m. The ' stage > company ; had supplied
a special stage, and relays of horses' were
on; hand at various '.points. -Instructions
were given -to -bring the stage' and Its,
precious . burden \into - Raymond- on t»Tr:e
to connect . with the train , for Oakland. :
, -.'-.Miss Caroline Le Conte broke" the news
of / her •! father's death ' to her mother.
Mrs. . Le Conte: has been in frail health
for some ¦ time anfl her • relatives ' and
friends feared to tell her of Professor Le
Conte's death on Saturday. She was in
formed then that he was ill. but she real
ized that sadder news was to come later.
When Miss Le Conte told her mother yes
terday.that Professor Le Conte was dead
f he widow bowed her head and silently,
murmured a prayer. The. bereaved wife
and the daughter were left alone in their
sorrow by the many loving friends gath
ered- in the .house. . ,
The widow of Professor Le Conte was
informed yesterday morning o£ her loss
and she bore , the sad news with the forti
tude becoming the lifelong helpmate of a
noble man! - , ', '.-..¦'•¦ ¦ -.. '. .•. -: /•".¦
. At the. home of President Wheeler the
American flag flew, at half-mast, but on
the campus the flag was not displayed. ¦ '
signs of grief or mourning, for all felt
that Professor Le Conte would not have
desired a display of "trappings of woe*
could he have been consulted.
''¦'•¦-¦':-¦•'•>..•. '. ¦•. ¦-
Continued on Page Two.
Wheeler Half rMasts Flag.
- President Wheeler- and Julian Le Conte
accompanied the body of : Professor Le
Conte to, an undertaking .parlor ,ki . Oak
land,: and , then if proceeded to.', their re
spective homes! ' The . body ; remained ; at
the parlors of I the' undertaker ; last 'night
and will be taken to the family home,to
day. * .- '¦':• .'¦',_ r ;/_:- -;^ J \. ' ' [ -\- '_ ';!" ' . - j: T
'-In Berkeley yesterday the death of Pro-'
fessor. jLe; Conte /was I'on all
sides.'; ThefeVwere -..' but': little £ outward
Dr. Taylor, who had traveled with Mrs.
Davis and the' body of Professor. Le. Conte
from the mountains 'to Oakland, wentto
the ' ferry arid * crossed "., the bay to San
Francisco, ¦ proceeding directly j to his
home. ' •;.' .'. . '
No ceremony marked the arrival of the
body of Professor Le Conte at Oakland:
President' Wheeler, -Professor Clarence
Cory and Julian Le Conte, a nephew of
the dead man/, awaited the arrival of the
train at the depot ¦ at First, and Broad
way. When the train arrived there were
but four other person's on the platform of
th> depot." 'The-' trainmen who removed
the box from the baggage- car handled
thoir burden with reverence as they -car
ried it to a waiting t hearse.' Professor
Cory, who is ah Intimate '-friend of the
Li Conte family, conducted jj Mrs. .Davis
to a carriage and escortea her to the resi
dence of her deceased 'father. 1 i. She-was
almostin a state' of collapse, due to the
journey she had, taken /in bringing her
father's body: from the Yosemite Valley.
The late day for the funeral has been
selected in the hope that the son of the
late professor, Joseph N. Le Conte, who
is row on* a wedding tour at the head
waters of Kings River, in the high Sier
ras, may be reached. Thursday will be.
the, earliest day that the young man can
arrive at home in the event he can be
found. Special , couriers have been dFs
patched from the. . Yosemite Valley to
carry the news- of. his father's. death to'
the young man. Every possible effort will
be made to. locate him, so , that ho may
be in attendance at the funeral.-.'. .
The final arrangements for th^ serv
ices will be , made during the next thirty
six hours. So far as: the public funeral
is concerned, the university committee
will ¦ conclude the plans. The private
service will be left entirely within, tho
family's control. ¦ 4 ; • ; -
fessor. They will be held Thursday after
noon at 3 o'clock at the university. The
obsequies' will be held either aj Hearst
Hall or . Harmon- gymnasium. The ar
rangements for the public services have
been placed in charge of a committee of
the university, composed of former Presi
dent Martin Kellogg, Professor Frederick
Slate and Professor A. C. Lawson. These
representatives of the university will
have complete charge of all the . details
concerning the public demonstration , to
the memory of the revered dead. The se
lection of the officiating 'divine is left with
the family of the deceased scientist.
/ Searching for the Son.
Denies Bubonic Plague Story.
RIO DIC JANEIRO. July 7.— There is no
foundation for the rumor circulated in the
United States that a bubonic plague, scare
exists in th!s c!ty. Four cases of the dis
ease have been reported, but . all ' were
brought from Oporto. The general sani
tary condition of Rio de Janeiro is excel
lent. : ;^sr«
Fitzgerald, followed by his coachman,
was walking through a passageway lead
ing to the cellar, trying to locate a leak
in the gas plant. The coachman picked
up a lighted candle from a table and had
entered the cellar before hearing Fitzger
ald's shout for him to go back.
Fitzgerald was president of the Mil
waukee Drydock Company and managing
director of the American Shipbuilding
Company. He was well known along the
great lakes, and among business men of
Milwaukee he commanded a prominent
position.
MILWAUKEE, July 7.— As the result of
the explosion of a gasoline tank in the
cellar of the country house of William
Fitzgerald, at Lake Nagawicka, late Sat
urday night Fitzgerald was so badly
burned that he died at noon to-day. His
coachman. Wlll'am Grunwald, is in a dy
ing condition.
Company Is Killed and His
Coachman Is Dying.
President of Milwaukee Drydock
For many years he had not been active
ly engaged in business, but was identified
with numerous charitable movements. Mr.
Yeatman Is believed to be the original of
the character Mr. Brinsmade in Win
ston Churchiir.i novel "The Crisis." The
philanthropist and the novelist were great
friends.
GASOLINE TANK EXPLODES
IN A COUNTRY HOUSE
Although a slaveholder before the war,
he devised the organization of the Freed
men's Bureau, and made an official re
port to Washington In which he advised
the leasing of abandoned cotton planta
tions to the frcedmen.
In lS64*the Western Sanitary Commis
sion was called into existence by General
Fremont, and Mr. Yeatman wa3 appoint
ed president of the commission. The com
mission established hospital steamers, sol
diers' homes and relief bureaus, and Mr.
Yeatman's work won him the highest
praise from members of all parties.
ST. LOUIS, July 7.— James F. Yeatman,
a well-known philanthropist, died to-day,
aged 84 years. When the Civil War broke
out Mr. Yeatman endeavored to maintain
peace and labored earnestly to that end..
His sympathies were with the Union, and
when the war could no longer be avoided
he became one of the Commissioners sent
from here to explain the local status of
affairs to President Lincoln.
Mr. Brinsmade in St.
Louis.
Passing of the Original of Churchill's
NOTED PHILANTHROPIST
' ANSWEBS DEATH'S CALL
SISSOX, July 7. — A disastrous wreck,
causing one death and injury to several
persons, occurred at Black Butte Summit,
a sidetrack station eight miles north of
this place, at 6 o'clock this morning, when
the Shasta express on the way south
collided with a northbound troop train.
On the latter was a battery of regular sol
diers returning to their Kastern stations
after service in China and the Philippine
Islands. ,
The southbound train had two engines
and was coming up the hill at a good rate
of speed, j hrhe engine in front was almost
completely demolished, as was also the
north-bound engine pulling the train
load of soldiers. The baggage car
and a box car containing the ef
fects of the soldiers were thrown
on top of one of the engines. The baggage
and property of the soldiers was badly
broken. Much of it consisted of valuable
articles gathered in China durinc the re
cent trouble.
The collision was caused by the engi
neer of the northbound train running past
the sidetrack at Black Butte Summit.
When the conductor saw that the train
was being drawn past this track he pulled
the bell rope. The speed was decreased
and when the trains came together the
one containing the soldiers was running
at the rate of about ten miles an hour.
This action of the conductor doubtless
saved a great many lives.
The engineers and firemen of the south
bound train stayed with. their engines un
til just before the collision, when they
jumped and saved themselves from Injury.
Henry Wentz, the engineer of the north
bound train, was badly hurt and was
taken to his home in Dunsmuir.
Three men whose names are unknown
were riding on thVblind"baggage.' Orie'Was
Instantly killed, one has an arm and a leg
broken, and the other escaped injury. A
woman in the rear Pullman of the Shasta
express, wife of the proprietor of the
A&hland Hotel at Ashland, Or., was badly
cut about the head. Several other pas
sengers were slightly hurt.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Prompt Action of a Conductor Pre
vents the Loss of Many
Lives.
One Man Killed and Sev
eral of the Passengers
iDJured.
Serious Railroad "Wreck
at Black Butte
Summit.
TROOP TRAIN
CRASHES INTO
TWO ENGINES
BUENA VISTA. Colo.. July 7.— A forest
fire southwest of here has destroyed
many thousands cf dollars' worth of
valuable timber. The mining camp of
Pino is In the path of the fire and is in
danger of being wiped out. It is impos
sible to get any definite news from there
?o-nisht except that the fire is still burn
be and epreadins rapidly.
Blaze Is Spreading Rapidly and
Threatens to Wipe Out a Colorado
Milling Cainp.
FOREST FIRE DESTROYS
MUCH VALUABLE TIMBER
Work and Officers Are Fear
ful of Trouble.
VANCOUVER, B. C, July 7.— The crisis
in the salmon fishery strike at St'jveniOn
is expected to occur at daylight to-mor
row morning. The Japanese to the num
ber of 3000 have decided to go out fishing
in a body. They will carry shotguns and
are well supplied with ammunition.
The white fishermen's union have 300
patrol boats out and will turn back tho
Japanese or tow them back to the
wharves if at all possible. The authori
ties are apprehensive of trouble. \[. j m
With Shotguns They Will Begin
JAPANESE FISHEB1IEN
PREPARE FOR- A BATTLE
DENVER. July 7.— In the trial of Thom
as Howard, charged v/lth the murder cf
Henry Rdss } n Globeville last Friday
morning, a £t. Bernard dog will be the
chief witness f&r the State. Three men
Who yaw Ross shot by a stranger swore
before a Coroners jury last night that
a St. Bernard dog peculiarly marked was
standing by the murderer when he fired
the fatal shot and trotted along after
him when he run.
A man whom the saloonkeeper did not
know, but who has been since identified
hm John Howard, entered Carl Goer
rltys saloon, accompanied by a St. Ber
nard dog peculiarly ma: Red. Ross and
three companions entered shortly after
ward and invited Howard to drink. How
ard departed a 1>r- minutes later. Ross
and his companions left the saloon about.
1 o'clock In the morning. As they walked
past an alley they ss>w a man sitting on
a fence. He fired without warning, the
bullet striking Ross in the stomach and
killing him. Then the stranger leaped
over the fence and ran. A St. BernarJ
dog started out of the shadow and,
bounding over the fence, followed him.
A <5og cf the kind described by the wit
nesses to the shooting was seen lying in
Howard's yard, and its master was ar
rested and charged with the murder. 'So
motive for the crime is known.
Eig- St. Bernard the State's Silent
Witness in a Colorado
Trial.
TOG CAUSES ARREST
OF MTJHDEB, SUSPECT
It has been a notorious fact in Mon
tana for years that thousands of acres of
timber iar.4 have been entered and pat
ents granted to ecip'.cyes of milling com
panies. These things have been known to
not only the general public, but also to
land-owners in the districts where the en
tries are made. In recent years, owing to
the wholesale cutting of timber and the
great extent of the land taken up in this
way, good timber lands have been getting
rapidly scarce.
For three years the Government has
been trying- to get the regular officers of
The Department of Justice in Montana to
prosecute tlie case with vigor. This has
been all in vain and no£ until the appoint
ment of special agents of the department,
with a special assistant Attorney General
to force the fight, has anything been done.
Since that time events have moved rap
idly. Within the last few days six suits
have been entered against the Daly Inter
ests. Senator Clark has been notified that
he must fi^iit for his laud title and several
c£ tfce other priiicipeis lia re been arrested.
These prominent interests are not the
only ones attacked. One hundred and two
indictments have recently been found by
Federal Grand Juries agrainst individuals
accused of directing the scheme which.
The Government declares, defrauded it of
great amounts and violated the timber
laws. All this has come about in the last
few weeks.
Senator Clark imist fight with all his
resources for the title to 140,000 acres of
timber land. The Daly interests. Includ
ing the great mining companies named,
must <3efen<3 a suit instituted by the De
partment of Justice for the recovery of
$1,303,000, the value of timber alleged to
have been cut from Government land in
Montana.
HELENA, Mont.. July ".—Senator W.
A. Clark; Margaret Daly of New York,
administratrix of the estate of Marcus
Daly; the Anaconda Mining Company and
the Bitter lioot Development Company
must stand trial in the Federal courts for
alleged irregularities in timber lands in
Montana, and Idaho, involving millions of
dollars. It has taken years for the mills
of the nation to grind out a grist of pros
ecutions against these great interests, but
now the mills are grinding line.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Other Actions Involving Mil
lions Will Follow.
Six Suits Are Already Filed and
Government "Will Fight for
Vast Tracts of Land
in Montana.
Senator Clark and the
Daly Heirs Face
Prosecutions.
MILLIONAIRES
TO BE TRIED
FOR FRAUD
MEXICO CITY, July 7.-The Presbyter
ian Synod is well attended. The purpose
is to organize a Mexican synod which will
have direct charge of the work in" Mexico.
There 'are in Mexico about 100 Presby
terian 7 missions, with not less than 5000
communicantsi Those missions are under
tlie direction ¦ of the Foreign Missionary
Boards of the . Northern and Southern
Presbyterian churches. Many of the mis
sions in Mexico have become self-support
ing and it is proposed .'to place them on an
independent footing. The boards of; the
church; in the North will withdraw their
superintending power, but- will continue
their substantial support to **» weaker
missions of the country. '-..:*."
IMPORTANT WORK BEFORE
•THE PRESBYTERIAN SYNOD
COMBINATION FOBMED TO
HANDLE COAL OUTPUT
Pennsylvania Railroad and Vander-
bilt and Morgan Interests Control
Every Avenue of Transportation.
PHILADELPHIA, July 7.— The North
American to-morrow will publish a story
to the effect that the entire coal trans
portation east of the Mississippi River
will be divided among the railroads con
trolled by the Pennsylvania Railroad, the
Vanderbilt and the y organ iriteresta. The
Pennsylvania snd Vanderbilt lines will
carry all the coal produced in the bitu
minous regions, while the Morgan roads
will control the entire anthracite trans
portation. This combination, the article
goes on to say. will bring about the con
solidation of all the bituminous interest3
north of Tennessee and east of the Mis
sissippi.
The work of consolidation has been go
ing on for a year, and every avenue of
transportation of coal is in control of
these three interests. Among the bitu
minous group are the Pittsburg Coal
Company, the Illinois Coal Company, the
latter representing all the coal properties
in Illinois and Indiana, and /the Fair
mount Coal Company of West Virginia.
The total capitalization of the bituminous
Interests is estimated at $340,000,000.
FINDS HUSBAND'S BODY
DANGLING IN DOORWAY
Wife of a School Janitor at Watson
ville Makes a Startling Dis
covery.
WATSONVILLE. July 7.— James Nell-
son, a janitor of the Watsonville Gram
mar School, "committed suicide yesterday
evening by hanging himself with a piece
of baling rope. The act was committed
In the school building. Neilson left home
some time during the afternoon. As he
did not return home at the usual time, his
wife, started in search of him.. She went
to the schoolhouse and upon entering the
building through the rear door was hor
rified by coming in contact with the life
less body of her husband, which was sus
pended from the transom of the door.
From the position In which the body
was found It was evident that Xeilson
had sauatted down until his hands had
almost touched the floor. Death was
caused by strangulation. His . domestic
life was not unhappy and the deed is
thought to have been due to excessive
use of Hauor. >V-''jO~
BHLE THE POCKETS
OF ABANDONED CORPSE
LOS ANGELES. July 7.— An unknown
man was struck by a train of tank cars
on the Buena Vl3ta street bridge this
morning. His skull was rractured and he
died in a few minutes after the accldehi.
Employes of the Southern Pacific placed
his body on a quilt and summoned the
Coroner. The dead man wag then left
alone and when the Coroner arrived he
found his pockets turned inside out and
rifled. Nothing was found upon him by
which he could be identified. He has the
appearance of a laboring man, and & pj
lice officer says he has seen him at work"
on the Salt Lake road's new bridge near
Elysian Park. •
the Sentinel Hotel, lies in the rapids of
the Merced River, near El Capltan bridge.
At about 2:30 o'clock this afternoon a
party of three, consisting of Miss Schaf
fer. Miss Sadie Young and John Van
Campen, left the Sentinel Hotel for a ride
in Van Campen's boat. This la a frail
craft and canvas-covered. When pitching
it into the stream they were warned of
the treacherNjs'waters of the Merced, but
they Jokingly bade their friends good-by.
At about 4 o'clock they reached the com
mencement of the rapids above the El
Capitan bridge. There they landed. Miss
Young going ashore. Miss Schaffer and
Van Campen, however, concluded to con
tinue through the rapids. A short distance
below that point Van Campen saw that
they could not do this with safety and so
pulled toward the shore, catching hold of
a root.
At this moment Miss Schaffer, In a spirit
of fearlessness, took one of the oars and
shoved the boat again into the stream,
saying that they would shoot the rapids
anyway, at the same time dropping the
oar into the water. In a moment th© boat
became unmanageable and upset, throw
ing the young lady out on one side and
Van Campen on the other. For a moment
both held to the upturned boat. Then the
boy caught the girl's hand and floated
down with the current 100 or more feet.
Then they struck a large bowlder and be
came separated, both going under tho
water. When Van Campen came to the
surface he could find no trace of the girl.
Two t men were on the riverside a short
distance below, but they did not See the
girl's body float by. Her hat was found
about half a mile below the scene of the
accident. A. large force of men dredged
'the river, but at dark they abandoned the
search. It will be resumed arain In tha
morning by Guardian Stevens and a force
of men. The young lady wa3 an expert
swimmer. Her parents are dead. She has
a sister living in Oklahoma Territory.'
YOSEMITE. July 7.-The body of Miss
Sadie Schaffer, one of the waitresses of
No Trace Can Be Found of tha
Body of the Eiver
Victim..
Young Man Strives in Vain to
Save the Life of a
Companion.
to Disaster.
Whirl Frail Boat
The Treacherous
GIRL DROWNS
IN TORRENT
AT YOSEMITE
•••.-An: enormous number . of cattle and
sheep are trekking from the south to the
Government farms near Pretoria.
\ Lately the Boers surrendering in this
district were driven to the border. They
were afraid to enter their own territory.
When they surrendered they said they
thought they were the only one3 still
fighting. They showed surprise upon find
ing the war was continued in other parts
of the country.
.PRETORIA, July 7.— Blockhouses are,
being erected and everything possible be
ing done for the protection of traffic on
the railway to Petersburg, but the diffi
culty' is enormous owing to the fact that
the line runs between mountains, with
thick brush on either side, affording ex
cellent cover for the Boers.
a Misapprehension.
Eoers Lay Down Their Anns Under
The Daily Mail protests vigorously
against the suppression by the censor of
such details. '
BELIEVED WAR HAD ENDED.
"A couple of Boers," says the Daily
Mail's correspondent, "who were armed
with Martinis, walked around among
the dead and dying. Some they turned
over to see If they were dead. If it .were
otherwise, then one or the other of the
Boers shot them as they would shoot an
ox. I saw four killed in' this way. One
youngster pleaded for his life. I heard
him say: 'Oh, Christ, don't! 'and. then,
bang! went the rifle. That is what hap
pened." •
LONDON, July 8.— The Daily Mail gives
sensational .prominence, this morning to
mail advices from Vlakfontein, which at
tribute to the Boers inhuman atrocities
that the censor would not allow to be
described by cable.
Wounded Are Put to Death.
British Correspondent Declares That
ALLEGED BOEB ATROCITIES.
In order t'o obtain a prompt settlement
of claims filed by American citizens for
personal and property damages sustained
in South Africa as a result of the opera
tions of British troops the State Depart
ment has officially requested" all claim
ants, to submit memorials setting forth
the facts in • connection with their claims,
which w II be transmitted through Embas
sador.Choate to the British Claims Com
mission; * now "si f ting " tn~ L6nddn."7The de
partment'is : In receipt of complaints from
numerous persons claiming American na
tionality, but the records are not com
plete "and In many cases the citizenship
of .the claimants is not established. . The
claims which submit estimates of the
damage suffered amount to several hun
dred thousand dollars. The department
does not see how it will be possible to
obtain a settlement of claims arising out
of damages following upon the acts of
the Boer Government, as that Government
ceases to exist. In the case of claims to
mining rights it is possible that the Brit
ish Government may allow the claimants
the privilege of recourse. to the clvl courts
when they shall have been established.
The departmeit is satisfied from the in
vestigation ma£e by ¦ American Consuls
and British authorities that the reports
that the British are ill-treating their pris
oners are without foundation. The only
hardship that the Americans captured in
South Africa will have to undergo will be
that of confinement until hostilities cease.
The test case was' that of a naturalized
American named Morgan, who claims a
residence In Virginia. Sir Alfred Mllner,
British High Commissioner in South Af
rica, disapproves of the release of for
eigners who fought with the Boers, He
has announced that a person w-ho served
as a belligerent with the Boer forces loses
his nationality and must be treated* as an
enemy. This view is concurred in by the
legal officers of the State Department.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, July 7.— Americans
fighting In the Boer armies who were
made prisoners by the British will have
\o endure their captivity until the close
of the South African war. Great Britain
has declined to comply with the request
of this Government to release an Ameri
can now confined on the island of Ceylon,
and this declination probably will prove
a bar to further representations by the
State Department on behalf of Americans
capturert as belligerents in South Africa.
* Special Dispatch to The Call.
Holds /That Foreigners Who Aided
the Patriots Have Lost Their
Nationality.
With Request of This
Goverment.
London Declines to Comply
Americans Captured by
Will Not Be
Released.
PRISONERS
UNTIL BOER
ENDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.BIG TREASURE CARGO
FROM KLONDIKE MINES
SEATTLE, July 7.— The steamer City of
Seattle arrived from Lynn Canal to-day
with a Klondike treasure cargo of 5600,000.
all save $100,000 consigned by the Canadian
Bank "of Commerce to the United States
Assay Office in this city. William Waech
ter, * a cattle trader, and a Mr. Lee, a
miner, had $50,000 in dust.
The Klondike crowd left Dawson June
29. At that time nearly every produc
ing claim in the district was being worked
and the Government had 500 men em
ployed in the construction of roads to the
greatest gold producing streams in the
district. About 1100 people are said to
have left the Klondike for Nome and the
KOyokuk since the river opened.
STRIKERS MAY OPEN"
CO-OPERATTVE 'LAXJHDBTZ
LOS ANGELES, July X.— Both sides re
main firm and confident In the laundry
strike now on In this city. N. Bonfllio,
president of the Laundry Association,
says that all talk of a conference or com
promise is useless, and declares that with
in another week the laundries win' be 'in
a position to'. handle all work with as
much dispatch as before the strike.
The union leaders say the ball given by
the laundry workers Saturday nie'nt
netted $2000 for the strike fund, and there
is talk of the strikers establishing an in
dependent co-operative laundry. It is
claimed that $11,000 has already been sub
scribed for the purpose and that articles
of incorporation will be filed to-morrow.
Smyth wears a golf. suit and broad
brimmed straw hat and carries a knap
sack. He has tramped in this manner
through Great Britain. He expects to de
fray the expenses on the present trip by
delivering humorous lectures in some of
the larger cities on his. experiences in Co
lombia.
SOMERVII^LE. N. J., July 7.— Clifford
Smyth, former United States Consul at
Cartegena,J2olombla, who started yester
day afternoon from Brooklyn to walk to
San Francisco, arrived here at noon to-day
and took his dinner at the Mehelenbeck
Hotel. He reached North Branch, four
miles from here, in advance of a heavy
¦thunderstorm this afternoon and will re
main here over night. He has covered
forty miles of his 'journey to the Pacific
Coast, which he expects to reach on foot
in six months, at the rate of twenty miles
a day. : .-
Special Dispatch to The Call..
' New York to San
Francisco. , -
Clifford Smyth Starts to "Walk
LONG JOURNEY AHEAD
OF FORMER DIPLOMAT
BOSTON, July 7.— Driven by two Intoxi
cated men, the harness broken and fall
ing from the horses' backs, a two-horse
dray- loaded with more than a ton of dy
namite swayed from side to side as
horses dragged it along at a. furious gal
lop through Washington street, West
Newton, early last evening. Over and
over again a collision appeared Inevitable,
but in some way it was avoided, and two
patrolmen, running out into the street,
sprang at the horses' heads and finally
succeeded in bringing them to a atop.
The drivers were locked up on a charge
of intoxication and gave their names as
William Daley and William H. Deehan.
They informed the police that the team
was the property of A. B. Sampson of
South Boston, and that the wagon waa
loaded with 2200 pounds of dynamite which
was being taken to South Framingham
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Intoxicated Men-Drive Reck
lessly With a Load of
the Explosive.
WHISKY HOLDS REINS
ON DYNAMITE WAGON
Bond Issues for School Districts.
MONTEREY, July. 7.— The Board of Su
pervisors of this county have authorized
the issuance and sale of $20,000 In school re
funding ; bonds for, . the -¦¦ Monterey. School
District and $6000 for the Del Monte School
District. • • -,
Killed by- a Passenger Train.
ST.- LOUIS, July 7.— While sketching on
the tracks of the Burlington Railway, a
mile and a half from Louisiana, Mo., M1S3
Eva; M.Reeay assistant librarian of the
Missouri Botanical Garden, and; a. well
known writer on tratanical and geological
subjects, was run over and instantly killed
by a passenger -train late this afternoon.
The deceased was 45 years of age. . She
has -a brother,. B. K. Reed, living at Fort
Thomas, Ariz.- ¦ ' : . ;¦ •¦¦
Eitel Frederick, Emperor William's sec
ond son, into the First Guards Regiment
at Potsdam, his Majesty said: >
The. ¦ noblest task la the defense of the
Fatherland. The noblest weapon -Is the sword
and the noblest uniform Is the uniform of the
Prussian soldier. . I ' .
The first I thing I can Imagine is the earnest
soldier, inflexible as Iron in everything which
constitutes the chivalry : of an officer; hard
toward himself, upholding with rlgrld self
discipline the traditions of his house and<regi
ment, .Indifferent to the opinion of others and
with one goal before his eyes; responsible only
to his God and his father, so may. my son
follow his path In life. .•.,¦,?;
Speaks Feelingly _When Prince Eitel
Frederick Enters the First"
: Guards Regiment. .
POTSDAM, July 7.— Speaking to-day, on
the occasion of the entrance of -Prince
I-MPEItOIt .WILLIAM PAYS
TRIBUTE TO SOLDIEB- LIFE
Beautiful Picture Book of Yosemite
Send ten cents to the Southern Pacific
Passenger Department, 4 Montgomery
street, San Francisco. ¦ *
For full infor: -.tion about established
routee, high class service, via Biggest
Big '-rees, apply to nearest agent or 613
Market street. San Francisco.
"He told me that he had been" unable to
sleep and that the Increase of the pain
had caused him' to send for me. Dr.- Wall
administered some remedies, but , as •¦he
was only on a pleasure trip and did not
have the requisite medicines with him. he
Bent for Dr. Cross,, who was' stopping' at
the Sentinel HoteL While he waited for Dr.
Death Not Expected.
Dr. E. R. Taylor was seen at his "resi
dence, 2308 California street, last evening,
and in speaking. of the great scientist's
death zaid: i
"Professor Le Conte was one of-the par
ty of the Sierra Club that planned to visit
the Yosemite Valley this year. H,e was
accompanied by his daughter, Mrs. Davis.
I was one of the party and William Keith,
the artist, and his wife were with us. We
went to Wawona.and spent a day in the
grove of Big Trees. The next day we
went into the valley. Professor Le Conte
was in his usual health, and there was
no indication of his approaching death.
In fact, last Friday he planned all the
details for a visit to Glacier Point, that
was to last for three days. I sat with
him last Friday evening in his tent at
Camp Curry. The camp was a"bout a
mile from the Sentinel Hotel. I left him
about 9 that evening, and we arranged to
make an early start on Saturday. About
5:30 Saturday morning I was dressing,
when I received a message from Professor
Le Conte. He asked me to come to him
at onceT" as he was ill. I hurried to his
tent, which was about 100 yards away
from the one I occupied. When I arrived
there I found Dr. Wall ahead of me. The
doctor was my tentmate. Professor Le
Conte was able to 'speak, and Informed ¦
me that ha had suffered .from pains In
his heart during the night. His daughter,
Mrs. Davis, occupied the other portion of
the divided tent, and he told me that he
bad not called her, as he' did not! wish to
alarm her, thinking the : attack would
pass away. r> v v
Calls Dr. Taylor.
When the sun cast his bright rays over
the hills yesterday morning, still was the
journey continued, until at 7:30 a. m. Ray
mond was reached. The twenty minutes
ere the train was due to arrive sufficed
for ¦ the tired travelers to obtain some
needed refreshment and at 7:50 the casket
with its escort started for Oakland.
Onward, never stopping but to change
horses, the special stage continued its
journey through the long night. Hour
after hour, over the roads so often 1 trav
eled by him In life, the body of Professor
Le Conte was carried, escorted by his lov
ing daughter and one of his faithful
friends. . *" .
den of Nature; the birds trilled their
melody, not in sorrow but in a volume of
praise. Through the forest trees mes
sages of farewell seemed to be borne to
the rough pirie casket lashed to the stage
coach.
loss .sustained by science In the death of
Professor Le Conte, Dr. Taylor said:
"The death of Professor Le Conte at
his advanced age is not one to be.regret
ted in. any. great degree from an educa
tional' standpoint. ' It was a. glorious
death, .because it was the passing away
of a great man in harness and in full pos
session of-aU his mentality. He had done
all -he could do s in his life. He had lived
for 78 years and if he had lived a few
years longer he "fcould not have added to
knowledge.- It hasualways seemed to me
to be particularly desired -that one who
has-: done great thing* die suddenly, in full
possession of all. his. mental powers. It
is • sad to ' see those powers ,• waste , away:
To see them go suddenly in full ftfength
seems to me to be befitting. The' loss to
the University of California is the loss
perhaps of its most distinguished teacher,
who had his capabilities retained to the
end. That is a great loss. His name and
work will endure, though he is dead. The
name of Le Conte will constitute the most
precious tradition of the University of
California. Through the influence he ex
erted over .thousands of men and women
at the university his tesffiings will con-
v tlnue for many years. That influence will
also be continued in the- lives of the chil
dren of the students he taught. In the
qualities .found in a man like Professor
Le Conte there is a combination that^has
a dominating power for lasting good."
"Not often does it fall to the lot of any
man to be called upon to make such a
Journey. Within a few feet of us was the
body of my beloved friend and beside me
was his bereaved daughter. 1 .The situation
was such that words fail "me to' describe
my feelings. Mrs. Davis bore the jour
ney with fortitude, considering the grief
she was suffering.". '.•__
Hod (Hven All Ho^ 'Had "to "Science?
When, asked Ur give his '.views as to' the
"They fastened oak. cedar, pine and
other wreaths to the casket and when we
arrived at Oakland to-dny after that long
trip not a single t wreath wjaa missing."
"We traveled on an open' stage from 5
p. m. Saturday' evening until 7:30, this
morning, when we arrived at Raymond
and caught the morning' train. Mrs.
Davis and myself sat by the "driver and
the box with the.bd'dy. of Professor Le
Conte was lashed to the seats behind, us.
Foster and Uren, the stage drivers, drove
as they never - drove before! They
seemed, to know every inch of the way,
though at times it was so dark I could
not see' a few feet ahead. Relays of
horses had been supplied: arid we made a
remarkable journey. It. /was remarkable
in every way. That long - night ride
through the dense "forest, up grade and
down grade, I shall never forget. . ' ¦
"The casket was covered with wreaths,
made by visitors in the valley. Many of
them were students, past and present, of
Professor Le Conte and their loving atten
tion was a tribute to a great man.
Cross, Dr. Wall and myself gave Professor
Le Conte some brandy and he revived. He
asked us not to abandon our trip on his
account, but we decided we would not go
to Glacier Point. JlVhe"h Dr. Cross arrived
he took charge of Professor Le Conte,
who seemed to revive considerably. We
consulted together™ and decided to makB
a to Vernal Falls, leaving Professor
Le Conte in charge of his daughter and
Dr. Cross. The latter said it was better
for us to go, as Professor Le Conte might
become alarmed if he saw us remaining
there. None had any idea that death was
( so close at hand. While we were at Ver
nal Falls the astounding message reach
ed us that Professor Le Conte was dead.
We at once returned to the camp., I learn
ed there that Professor Le Conte had re
vived after we left for the falls and his
daughter was with him, while Dr. Cross
went to the hotel for some medicines. It
was while Dr. Cross was away that Pro
fessor Le Conte complained to his daugh
ter that the pain in his heart was return
ing and asked to be moved from the posi
tion he was in. In a brief space all was
over. Dr. Cros3 ..was surprised when he
returned and found Professor Le Conte 1
was dead. He embalmed the body and a
pine box was made for it. We decided to
return with the remains as soon as possi
ble. The body was packed around with
leaves to prevent any injury to it during
the trip over the rough mountain roads.
Would Not Look on Face of Dead.
"I did not look on Professor Le Conte's
face after death. 1 prefer to remember
him as I knew him In life.
Ifl THE NIGHT STAGE BRINGS BODY OF LE CONTfc FROM MOUNTAINS WHERE HE DIED
Continued from Page One.
based upon the constitution if-Washing
ton Is going to make changes, in this in
strument. *;¦¦;¦¦
Great interest is already being taken in
the question -of Cuba's first legitimate
Presidency, now that independence is in
eight. So far only three names have been
given serious consideration — General Go
mez, General Bartolomeo Masso and Gen
eral Palma. General Gomez has declared
that he would not accept the office, hin
choice being General Palma, . The latter
was elected tp the head of the Cuban
Government durin? the ten years' war and
has the love of all Cubans.
General Masso has his life long been
a stanch fighter for the independence of
his country. Masso is one of three broth
ers, who imbibed from their father an un
dying hatred for Spain and the Spanish.
These three received their first lessons in
warfare during the ten years' war. Masso
HAVANA, July 7.— The Cuban con
stitutional convention has not
yet arrived at an understanding
regarding the electoral law.
Several meetings were held last
week, but very little interest was mani
fested in the proceedings, many of the
delegates being absent. The Conservatives
are quite hopeless with respect to the re
scinding of the universal suffrage clause,
and they are now endeavoring to secure
a plural vote for property-holders and for
prof eseional and business men. In this
they are strongly opposed by the'Radi-,
cals.
An objection has recently been raised
against drawing up the electoral law until
the United States Government has ap
proved the constitution, the argument be
ing that it wouid be useless to draft laws
is- part Spaniard and part negro. His
father "was a full-blooded Spaniard, but
Masso hated Spain with a fiercengss so
uncompromising that he won the rank
vt major general by the incredible bold
ness of his fighting. When peace was re
stored the Massos took. the oath of alle
giance to Spain only to break it shortly
and join Garcia in . his guerrilla move
ments. They were safe in the mountains
of Santiago de-Cuba when the 1 revo
lution came. Masso is a naturalized
American citizen. He secured his papers
while working for Colonel de Figucrado
at Tampa a few years ago. He had little
education, but has ' acquired a ¦ vast
amount of knowledge through conversa
tion and is a most polished, brave and
worthy man. . He is married to a white
American woman whom he found at Key
West. Masso is idolized by Cubans, as
was Antonio Maceo.
Fruitgrowers .Want Facilities.
SACRAMENTO. July 7.-A meeting cf
fruit and produce growers was held at
Courtland on the river below this city
Saturday for the purpose of effecting an
organization to secure better accommo
dations from the combination of San
Francisco commission men and less deiay
in transporting fruit and produce. Ninety
per cent of the growers of the lower river
valley were represented. A committee
was appointed to draft articles of incor
poration and a code and by-laws,»to re
port-at 'a meeting to be held the last
Saturday of this, month.
¦". . ¦ , ' ' —^ . , .' - ¦ -
Wears Wrapper in the Desert.
MOJAVE. -July 7.— E. Thorpe, a work
man who was raising and ballasting I the
track in the -Mojave yards, succumbed to
heat Saturday and quit his job. He went
to the burkhouse at noon, but lost control
of himself and left town on foot, going
across the desert. As he told no one of his
trouble and acted rationally his action's
wer? not noticed. At the Sixteen-Mile
House he changed his clothes and roamed
on the desert in a woman's light wrapper.
He was caught Saturday by Dr. Rainey
and William Sullivan and brought to
Mojave.
• ¦ . ¦ ¦ .
James M. Rodgers.
WATSONVILLE, July 7.— James M.
Rodgers, one of the oldest and most prom
inent men of this section of the State,
died this morning at his home on Lake
avenue.. He was nearly. S5 -years old.
Death was caused by pneumonia. '
Rodgers was a native of Tennessee. He
came to California in 1854 andVengaged in
mining in Trinity and Shasta counties.
In 1864 he brought his family to this State
and settled at Los.Gatos, where he re
sided seven years,- and from there went
to Pajaro Valley, where he lived. thirty
years. During that long period he wa3
an elder of the First Presbyterian Church
of - Watsonville. He was a leading Ma
son, having been high priest of the chap
ter of Royal Arch Masons in Watsonville
for the past fifteen years. He leaves a
family of eight children, all of whom are
prominent; the ' eldest son being a mil
lionaire and member of the firm of Rodg
ers, Patterson & Slack of San Francisco.
Dr. Lee O. Rodgers is a physician and
surgeon of San Francisco and Luther.
Rodgers Is cashier of the Monterey Coun
ty : Bank. -. Charles Rodgers is a Horticul
tural Commissioner and a wealthy fruit
grower and hop raiser of Pajaro Valley. _
;- . . ¦ ' * ¦ • _ .
¦ ; John W. Towne. ¦ ¦ . \
SANTA CRUZ. July 7.— John W. Towne.
a resident here for nearly fifty years,
died to-day, s He ,was 78 years old. . . ' .,
;i-iv..;*;. "Franz Renz. kV ' > ';!¦;
{BERLIN, July 7.— Franz Renz; for many
years the principal • circus proprietor In
Germany,' died at his villa near Hamburg.
Places Flowers on the Grave's of -His
¦ Children and Other Relatives
Buried There.
CANTON, O., July 7.—A quiet,- restful
and pleasant day is reported at the Mc-
Kinley home this evening. The President
and. Mrs. McKinley Barber during the
morning drove to West Lawn Cemetery
and placed flowers on the graves of the
McKinley children and / other relatives
buried there and spent the remainder of
the day at home. During the afternoon
they sat on the porch for a time. Only
a few callers appeared at the house, and
they were intimate friends or relatives.
This evening Mr. and Mrs. McKinley Bar
ber and their- children and Judge : Day
were entertained at dinner and remained
to spend the evening. Mrs. McKinley's
condition continues favorable.
Action Taken at Washington Causes
- 'Many Official Conferences
Between Ministers;
WASHINGTON, July 7.— The South
American mail just received gives de
tailed accounts of official conferences at
Buenos Ayres and other capitals and
much animated press discussion concern
ing the action taken at Washington by
which it is expected that certain restric
tions will be placed on the discussion of
arbitration before the coming congress of
American republics at Mexico City. The
Minister of Foreign Affairs of Argentine
has held numerous consultations with the
Minister from Bolivia, Peru, Uruguay and
Paraguay/and these are interpreted by
the Argentine press to mean that these
countries will act together; first, in try
ing to secure a change of plan so that
arbitration may be discussed freely, and
second, in remaining away from the con
gress if there is no adherence to the Dres
ent plan. The action of the committee in
excluding present controversies from the
discussion of arbitration has been formal
ly communicated to the Mexican Embas
sador here, to be forwarded to the Mex
ican Government. . .
PRESIDENT PAYS VISIT
TO WEST LAWN CEMETERY
ARBITRATION DISCUSSION
CREATING GREAT INTEREST
Baby .Accidentally Killed.
DENVER. July 7.-After careful inves
tigation the police department has ascer
tained that the death of Esther' Oliver
the 4-year-old child who was killed yes
terday by the explosion of a torpedo was
due to an accident. The child had found
a torpedo in the yard and had bitten into
it, causing it to explode. Her father Wil
liam Oliver, a surveyor, was in Cripple
Creek at the time. *»*"«=
Fifty Residences Destroyed and Hun
dreds cf People Rendered
Homeless in Ohio.
VERSAILLES, Ohio, July 7.-The loss
by yesterday's fire, which destroyed near
ly the entire business portion of this
town, will reach several hundred thou
sand dollars. The Sre is supposed to have
been of incendiary origin. The insurance
Is estimated at about JG3.000. Probably
fifty residences were destroyed and fullv
300 persons were rendered homeless All
Ftores, including groceries, hardware, dry
goods, 6hoe. harness, drug, etc were
burned to the ground except one^-a de
?!F t ?? e £ stor « e - The tele Phone and elec
tric light service was also destroyed Sev
eral persons were badly burned and in
jured, but none fatally.
COLUMBUS. Ohio. July 7.-An appeal
for relief for the fire sufferers at Versail
les, Ohio, has been sent out by Mayor Cal
derwood and Rev. M. W. -Baker, pastor
of the Christian church of that town.
WASHINGTON. July 7.— The Navy De
partment has received an extract from
the official report of the German Minister
at Peking in regard to the campaign of
the allied forces which resulted in the
rescue of the legrationers at Peking in
which a high tribute is paid to Captain
John Myeis of the United States Marine
Corps, who had command of the marine
gruard during the piege.
"If an exception couid be made to the
rule that American subjects cannot re
ceive foreign decorations," said the Ger
man Embassador. "thrn in my opinion of
those not German who took part in the
siege of Peking the American, Captain
Myers, should be the first to receive from
us an order of distinction. According to
the universal opinion of all participants.
Captain Myers, with the American de
tachmert under him, worked from the be
ginning to the end in harmony with Count
Soden for the defense of the southern
wall, which led to the legation quarters.
By means of frequent proofs of his per
sonal fearlessness and bravery he con
tributed in no little measure toward keep
ing up the couroge of our own people."
INCENDIARY FIRE CAUSES
GREAT LOSS OF PROPERTY
Bravery of Captain Myers of
Marine Corps.
German Minister at Peking Writes of
WORDS OF HIGH PRAISE
FOR AN AMERICAN SOLDIER
WASHINGTON. July 7.— The Agricult
ural appropriation act for the current fis
cal year authorizes the Secretary of Agri
culture in his discretion to apply the law
for the Inspection and branding of live
cattle and products of the dairy intended
for exportation, the purpose being to en
able our exporters of dairy products to
give foreign buyers the assurance of cer
tification by the Government of the United
States for the purity, quality and grade
of our dairy exports. Secretary Wilson
has decided to exercise the authority con
ferred on him by establishing in the cus
toms districts of Boston. New York, Chi
cago and San Francisco a system of in
spection of dairy products, but first will
have experts in those districts gather all
possible data in order that efficient regu
lations may be drafted for the conduct of
this new service. A beginning will be
made in a tentative ¦way with the purpose
in view to bring about a practical and
honest system by which all parties may
be properly protected. It is stated at the
department to be "probable that at an
early date the owners or shippers of prod
ucts for export may, upon application,
have the same marked and certified as
to purity and quality, provided they are
above a minimum grade, yet to be fixed."
cise Authority Conferred on Him
by Recent Enactment.
OTTE, DAISY EXPORTS TO
BE HEEEAFTEB CERTIFIED
Secretary of Agriculture Will Exer-
General Manager Stubbs Posting
Himself on the Conditions of^ I \
. the Union Pacific.
OMAHA, July 7.— J. C. Stubbs. general
traffic manager of the Harriman lines, ar
rived In this city. from San Francisco to
day, to remain for, two or three days.
While in Omaha he will confer with the
traffic officials of the various departments
of the Union Pacific Railway, posting
himself on the conditions of the road, the
management of the traffic departments
and the methods of conducting them . .
Mr. Stubbs refused to be interviewed,
but a representative of the Union Pacific
traffic interests authorized to speak of the
presence of the general traffic manager in
"this city, said there was nothing unusual
about the visit, and that it would extend
over a period of from two to four days.
General Passenger Agent Lomax of the
Union Pacific met Mr. Stubbs out in the
State and accompanied him to Omaha.
What changes, if any. will result from
Mr. Stubbs' visit to this city Mr. Lomax
would not discuss. He said Mr. Stubbs
was acquainting himself with the traffic
arrangements cf the Southern, Central
and Union Pacific systems, and was now
on his way to Chicago, where he would
be located in the future. Any changes
that were made or orders issued relating
to new tariffs, in both passenger and
freight departments of the roads, would
come later from that city.
INSPECTING THE OMAHA
TRAFFIC DEPARTMENT
ANACONDA, Mont, July 7.— There Is
now but little hope of the Sheriff's posse
overtaking: the men who held up the
Great Northern Express train at Wagner.
Mont., last Wednesday. The pursuers
have been outwitted and the robbers have
eluded them.
There are two theories presented. One
Is that the outlaws, who are far better
mounted than their pursuers, have al
ready crossed the Missouri River and are
weli on their way toward the Hole-In-ths
Wall country In Wyoming:, the most no
torious refuge of criminals In the United
States. The Hole-in-the-Wall is a fast
ness practically impregnable and capable
of being successfully defended by a few
men against almost any force. The re
gion between the point in the Missouri
breaks and the Hole-in-the-Wall Is very
eparsely settled, a few scattered cattla
ranches being the only evidence of human
habitation. Pursuit over this wild sec T
tion, according to old plainsmen, is vir
tually hopeless.
The other theory is mat the robbers
have gained the intricacies of the .Bad
Lands along the Missouri River, near the
Little Rockies, and are there awaiting
the time when the cha^e shall have grown
cold, when they will seize a favorable op
portunity to ford the river at a place
where crossing could not be effected by
men unfamiliar with the river and its
treacherous windings. Every foot of
ground is an open book to the robbers,
who have used the vicinity as their stamp
ing ground for years.
The officers are still in the field, but
it is the opinion of those who are on the
ground that the scene of active pursuit
must now be transferred to . Yellowstone,
Custer or Dawson County, through one or
more of which the robbers must pass to
reach_ihe Hole-in-the-Wall.
Believed to Be Working
Toward Hole-in-the-Wall
in Wyoming.
_V. ¦ . _
Little Likelihood - That
Wagner Bandits Will
Be Taken.
TRAIN ROBBERS
ELUDE PURSUERS
¦ The evening before the boy disappeared
he was seen in the company of an un
known man from Ventura, who has since
also disappeared. Descriptions of this
man have been dispatched . all over . the
county and every effort is being made to
apprehend him. * »
SANTA BARBARA, July 7.— The people
of the entire north end of the county are
greatly aroused over the brutal murder of
Harry Blochman, the 13-year-old adopted
son of L. E. Blochman, a prominent citi
zen of this county. Armed men are scour
ingr the country and if the murderer is
captured it is believed he will be lynched.
Young Blochman's body was found last
night near his father's place. On his
body were nine stabs. Physicians say any
one of five of them would have been fatal.
The murderer had iised^a long-bladed
pocket-knife and had stabbed and stabbed
until he was satiated with the sight of
blood.
Visitor From Ventura Be
lieved to Have Killed
Blochman.
Armed Men in Pursuit
of Santa Barbara
Murderer.
ANGRY CITIZENS
PLAN LYNCHING
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 8, 1901. 1
Interest of Islanders Already Centers in the Question
of the First Presidency.
CUBANS DIVIDED OVER ISSUES
PERTAINING TO ELECTORAL LAW
THREE NOTED CUBAN LEADERS WHO ARE MENTIONED FOR PRESIDENT OF THE N^W. REPUBLIC. EACH
HAS FOUGHT FOR THE INDEPENDENCE OF THE ISLAND AND HAS THE LOVE 'AND CONFIDENCE OF
HIS^COUNTRYMEN. .', ' .
2
THE DAY'S DEAD.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE^—
PHCENJX
ASSURANCE COMPANY
r\F LONDON. ENGLAND, on the 31st day
VF of December. A. D. 1900. and for the year
ending on that day. as made to the Insurance •
Commissioner of the State of California, pur-
suant to the provisions of sections 510 and 611
of the Political Code, condensed as per blank
furnished by the Commissioner. oiann
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company.... C 237 02S K
Cash In company's Office........." 'Si 2.
Cash in Banks "' -,££ 5*
Interest due and accrued on all
Stock3 and Loans « <2i r-
Cash in hands of IT. S. Trustees..:* 33?' 376 63
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
Due from" other" "companies" "t or"*Re^ SI>251 M
insurance on losses already paid.. 13,403 53
Total Assets ' .$3.932.934 98
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses adjusted and unpaid J123 789 oa
.Looses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense IS" 9"' t>
Losses resisted, including ex"pVn*i"s 22!225 00
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- *"•*-* w „
ning one year or less. {1,653,963 87-
reinsurance 50 per cent (29 1» 91
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- * MA **
nlnjr more than on« year. $1, ISO *
104 03: reinsurance pro rata tri t<j<> -1
Due and accrued for salaries, rent. * IU - 133 •?
MX °otiJer "llabiilUes.".".".";"""!.";."!"*; m!^ 08
Total Liabilities .t2.138.185 00
INCOME. "
Net cash actually received tor Fire
Received for 'interest **»xd "dividends ** 281 * SJ2
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources TS.C0 28
Total Income J2.354.533 34
* EXPENDITURES. • ,...,-. ;
5fet amount paid for • Fire Losses ¦ ¦
(including $253,326 CO. losses of pre- -
vlous years) .C.560 433 fu
Paid or allowed for Commission, or
Brokerage 44s. ui a«
Paid for Salaries. Fees* and other
charges for officers, clerks, eto.... 138 S31 »»
Paid for State. National and Local •*"••»
taxes *...¦...,...«..... 78.105 73
All other payments and expendi-
tures ........;..„ 140,008 83
Total Expenditures...... $2,359,841 4«
* > B*ire.
Losses Incurred during: the year....ji,5S4.339 62
Risks and Premiums. Fira Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year 1398,834,133 $3,433,350 19
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year S83.nS.974 8.979.730 38
Net amount tn force
December SI. 1900 815.819.143 3.139.087 93
A. r>. IRVING,
United States Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before- me, this
2d day of February. 1901, — - .
GEORGE O. RUGER, Notary Public
PACIFIC COASOEPARHBH: \
BDTLER Iffiffl,
General Agents,
413 CALIFORNIA STREET.
ST/\XEMlBI>nr
. • - ' —OF THE ¦
CONDITiON AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
AMERICAN FIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF NEW YORK. IN THE STATE OF NEW
York, 1 on the 31st day of December, A. D.,
1900, and for the year ending on that day, as
made to the Insurance Commissioner of the
State of California, pursuant to the provisions
of sections 610 and 611 of the Political Code,
condensed as per blank furnished by the Com-
missioner.. .
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $400.000 00
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
. and Bonds owned by Company Jl,0S9.17o 00
Cash in Company's Office... ,J-?S5 f2
Cash In Banks 100,327 60
Interest due and accrued on all \
Stocks and Loans 2,29a S3
Premiums in due Course of Collec- ¦
tion • 2o3,140 38
Due from other Companies for Re-
insurance on losses already paid.. 30,932 01
Total Assets Jl, 478,229 12
LIABILITTES. —~ — —
Losses adjusted and unpaid $53,553 73
Logses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 44,890 41
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 1,342 68
Groes premiums on Fire Risks run- ¦ ;
nlnr one year or less, $763,269 69: \
reinsurance 50 per cent 381,634 85
Gross premiums on Fire Risks ruri-
nine more than one year. $335,-
432 55: reinsurance pro rata 222.720 64
All other Liabilities ; 61.878 24
Total Liabilities .". $768,020 67
INCOME. ~~ ~~
Net cash actually received for Fire
premiums $941,687 «3
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages ••••:;•: 17
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and from
all other sources..... 41.936 72
Total Income $384,403 62
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount -»aid for Fire Losses -
(including $64,740 05, losses of pre-
vious years) $694,234 11
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 195.654 30
Paid for Salaries, Fees, and other
chargee for officers, clerks, etc 63,204 31
Paid for State. - National and Local
taxes - ••• 29,086 48
All other payments and expendi-
tures ...'. ..•••• 54.530 18
Total Expenditures '.: $1,036,719 34
Fire.
Losses Incurred during the year.. $6C4,825 10
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of .Risks
written during the
year $180,163,849 $l,380,4SS 77
Net amount ¦ of Risks . , .
• expired during 'the
year i 163.884,972 1.205.193 79
Net amount in force
December 31, 1300 149.664,207 1,148,702 24
GEO. S. A. -YOXINO. Prest.
"WALTER S. ALLEY. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before me. this 6th
day of February, 1901.
EDWIN F. COREY,
Commissioner for California In New York.
PACIFIC COASTDEPARTMENT,
323 California Street, S. F.
THOS. J. CONROY, Manager.
GEO. W. BROOKS, Asst. Mgr.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO. . . . . . , Directors,
• APVEBTISEaiEUTS. y: 'j ¦ ' '¦ ]_' _ ',;, ,'j, 1
One great cause of sleeplessness in
infants is improper or insufficient
food. An will usually sleep
well after- taking food that satisfies
and nourishes. Mellin's Food satisfies
and nourishes ; contains enough to
satisfy and the kind ta-nourish.
Send us your name for our book of " Mellin's Food Babies." We will send it fres.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS.
jj jlik-e the tbucix
I of a &ir*js tiknd
!wS& { Chutney
X w$H*
\"''fi'\ Mftj'caJly er\hw\ccs rt\e
I \ 15* &.25*/yi9rt>ceiSFILIPINO PRISONERS OF
WAR WELL TREATED
Have Formed a Government of Their
Own on the Island of
Guam.
WASHINGTON, July 7.-A report re
ceived at the Navy Department from
Commander Seston Schrocder, naval com
mandant cf the island of Guam, indicates
the Filipino prisoners of war who were
deported to the Island are cared for with
unusual consideration. They arc quar
tered about .three miles from Agana,"
where Commander Schroeder's headquar
ters are located, in substantial, commo
dious and comfortable quarters. The
prisoners have a government of their own
and have elected General Pio del Pilar as
their president. • i ¦
But one death has occurred since the
colony has been established. The confines
of the colony are marked by a barbed
wire fence and embrace about an acre of
ground.
Injured by His Shotgun
LOOMIS, July 7.— Henry Johnson, a
farmer. 19 years of age. accidentally shot
himself last evening whiles trying to force
a shell Into his shotgun. T'he charge and
a piece of iron shattered his skull. After
sustaining tho injury Johnson walked
alone to the house of C. Dole, a half-mile
distant. He will probably die.
the west the weather remains remarkably
dry.
Atlanta reports a maximum tempera
ture to-day of 86 degrees, Boston 76, Buf
falo 76, Chicago SO, Cincinnati 84, Pitts
burg 80, St. Paul 74, St. Louis 32, Memphis
94, New Orleans 84, New York 84; while
in the heat belt some of the temperatures
reported were: Bismarck 88, Omaha SC,
Salt Lake 100, St. Louis 92, Denver 96,
Davenport 82, Kansas City 94, Little
Rock 98.
In Washington the maximum was 88,
but a fall of 20 degrees took place to
night as the result of a heavy thunder
storm.
CHICAGO, July 7.— To-day was the
coolest day In Chicago since last May.
The maximum temperature was 66 and
the minimum 56." This is a drop of 26 de
grees since 6 o'clock Saturday night, when
the thermometer registered 82. A st«3t
breeze off the lake brought about the
change. _ • •¦ V*
WASHINGTON. July 7.— Comparatively,
cool weather has prevailed to-day over
almost the entire country east of the Mls-
Elssippl River, and the Ohio Valley and
lake region temperatures are consider
ably below the average. West of the
Mississippi high temperatures continue,
and because of the existence of a low
pressure in the Northwest the predictions
are for more warm weather. Weather
Bureau officials expect that east of the
Mississippi River the lower temperatures
will continue for a short time at least. In
the Middle Atlantic States and through
out New England rain has fallen, but to
rogative Court.
NEW YORK, July 7.— The Journal and
Advertiser will to-morrow say: The ex
ecutors of Jacob S. Rogers* will deci led
yesterday to have the battle between
the heirs and the ': Metropolitan Museum
of Arts of New York for the locomotive
builder's fortune fought out in the pre
rogative court at Trenton. N.J. ; •
"This step was taken," .. said William
Pennington, one of the executors,; "be
cause of the expected litigation over the
will. The estate will probably be tied
up for years and it will be necessary
from' time to' time to secure orders of
court for the handling and proper invest
ment of the - funds. The ~; securing of
these orders could be tied .up in the low
er courts and so ., we deem - it best to
bring the case before the Chancellor at
once." , _ - - - • '- •-¦•.- •
Peace Restored in Argentine.
LONDON, July 7.— The Argentine Min
ister to Great Britain, Florenclo Domln
guez, is understood to have received a ca
blegram from Buenos Ayres, dated July. 6,
asserting- that there has been a complete
cessation of the disturbances growing out
of the protests against the bill— which the
Argentine 'Government has announced its
intention to withdraw— for the unification
of the Argentine debt. -
Executors of Will of Millionaire Rog
ers Take Case Into the Pre-
CONTEST TOR A FORTUNE
WILL BE BITTERLY FOUGHT
which made the family name famous. He
inherited much of the business ability of
his father and marked success attended
the commercial enterprises which he plan
ned and executed. At the death of his
father he received about $1,000,000 and an
interest jointly with his brothers and sis
ters in the great tobacco house of which
his father had been the head. He at once
purchased from his brothers a control of
the house and by shrewd management
greatly increased his fortune. He built
a handsome residence at Fifth avenue
and Kifty-sixth street and entertained in
a princely manner.
In 1S74 he became interested in the turf.
His first great horse was Parole. With
Iroquois, in 1881, he was the first Ameri
can to win the classic English Derby. He
was also an enthusiastic yachtsman and
once raced his Vesta across the Atlantic.
He founded and controlled at the time of
his death the fashionable resort of Tux
edo. He was nearly G8 years of age. He
is survived by his wife, a son, Pierre Lor
illard Jr.. and two daughters, Mrs. Wil
liam Kent and Mrs. T. S. Taller.
Mr. Lorillard has for some years prac
tically made England his home, following
the lead of William Waldorf Astor.
Various estimates have been made of
the value of Mr. Lorillard's estate. It is
"believed to be more than $25,000,000. As
long ago as 1884 it was said to- be from
$13,000,000 to $20,000,000.
Temperatures Are Somewhat Lower, but the
Indications Are for flore Warm Weather.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Pierre Loril
lard died at 2:10 o'clock this
morning. His death took place
at the Fifth Avenue Hotel,
whither he was taken from the
Deutschland when that steamship arrived
from Europe on July 4. The members of
the family present at the bedside when
the end came were Mr. Lorillard's daugh
ters, Mrs. T. S. Taller and Mrs. William
Kent, and their husbands and Pierre Lor
illard Jr. and his wife and also Pierre Lor-
Illard third.
Mr. Lorillard's recent severe illness
dated from June 20. He was in England
and went to his lodge at Ascot, hoping to
see his horse. David Garrick, win the Gold
Cup. He was stricken with a uraemic
chill and was sick for a week. He was
advised to come to America and boarded
the Deutschland, but his. condition be
came graver each moment. His physician,
Dr. Kilroy, told him that he did not be
lieve he would live to get to New York,
but the magnate insisted that he would.
It has never been thought he -could re
cover since his arrival. ' . ;
The funeral will be held at 11 o'clock
Wednesday morning from Grace Church.
The interment will be at Greenwood.
Pierre Lorillard was the eldest son of
Pieter Lorillard. founder of the fortune
RELIEF FROM HEAT EAST
OF MISSISSIPPI RIVER
PIERRE LORILLARD. THE MILLIONAIRE TOBACCO MANUFACTUR
ER. WHO PREFERRED LONDON' TO NEW YORK, BUT RACED
ACROSS THE ATLANTIC TO DIE IN HIS NATIVE LAND.
J__ ¦ ¦ ¦ J m
£AU JOSE CLERGYMAN
DENOUNCES CORRUPTION
Vigorous Sermon Pre-ched by the
Pastor of tha Sscond Pres
byterian Church.
SAX JOSE, July 7.— The condition—po
litical and moral— of San Jose was the
subject of some stirring remarks by Dr.
H. F. Maclaren of the Second Presby
terian Church this morning, one of the:
largest and most fashionable congrega
tions in the city. He said that 1000 men.
who acquiesced in forms of vice here by
keeping- quiet, could leave the city for
the city's good, and they would not be
missed. His text was. "Be not partakers
cf other men's sins; keep thyself pnre."
San Jose was characterized as a wide
open town, twenty-four hours in the Jay.
seven days in the week, and the whole
year. Citizens prominent in society and
church circles quietly acquiesced in im
moral conditions, he said, and in fear of
vengeance from politicians and bosses
•were afraid to raise their voices. This
class had availed itself of the patronage
of the bosses and dared not oppose these
conditions. Officials elected to support
laws winked at their enforcement. He
declared that this state of affairs is keep
ing people from coming to San Jose, and
ho mentioned a company of capitalists
who had intended to :nve«t many thou
sands here, but on investigating condi
tions had gone elsewhere. j_>r. JSLa.au.v-sn
ifc<?n stated that he did not intend to let
things pass *»ven if he stood alone. When
be finished Elder Oliver arose and sug
cested a vote of support and confidence
In xh". pafior. and the congregation was
unanimous in favor of his position.
EZMAEKASLE INCREASE IN
AGEICUXTTJBAL EXPORTS
Trade With Germany During Last
Twelve Honths Exceeds That of
Any Previous Year.
TVASHIXGTOX, July 7.— Frank H.
Hitchcock,, chief of the Foreign Market
faction of the Agricultural Department,
litis compiled statistics- showing the dis
tributicn of the agricultural exports of
th«» T'nit^d Stales for the years 1506-1900.
H<3 c how< that th^re were a dozen coun
tries in ISVi to each of which the United
States exported over $10,000,000 worth of
flomestic products. The United Klng
tom purchasr-r! ?40S,000,000 and Germany
Our agricultural exports to the United
Kingdom were the largest on record, <?x
repting those of tho extraordinary vear
T*f 1£5S. when a value of $439,000,000 'was
attained. In our trade with Germany
the exports for 1900 were decidedly in
excess of any previously reported and
fhow an increase of nearly 100 per cent
in the five years' period.
Caught Violating Game Law,
DIXON. July 7.— Deputy Fish and Game
Commissioner Vernon Shephard to-day
raught a violator of the State game laws
with a mother quail in nis possession
The poacher was an Italian farmer named
James Rago. He was taken before Jus
tice of the Peace R. H. Brown, where he
pleaded guilty and was fined $25. Depre
3ations of this character are known to
nave been quite frequent In this section
m past years and the conviction wJU
loubtless have a salutary effect on ethers
who have wantonly violated the law.
Governor General Wood Improving'.
HAVANA. July 7.— The condition of
Governor General Wood, who has been
suffering from typhoid fever, is now much
improved.
Transport McPherson at New York.
NEW YORK, July 7.— Two Merritt &
Chapman wrecking steamers arrived to
day from Matanzas, bringing into port
the United States transport McPherson,
which went ashore February 4 about
eleven miles west of Matanzas. The
wreckers have worked nearly five months
on the transport.
WASHINGTON, July 7.— The proclama
tion of President McKlnley opening to
settlement the lands ceded by Indians in
the Territory of Oklahoma was given to
the public to-day. The proclamation cov
ers the cessions made by the Wichita and
affiliated bands of Indians, in accordance
with the act of March 2, 1895, and those
made by the Comanche, Kiowa and
Apache tripes in pursuance, of the act of
June 3, 1900.
The proclamation provides for the open
ing of the lands In those reservations
which are not reserved at 9 o'clock a. m.,
on the 6th of August next, the lands to
be- open to settlement under the home
stead and townsite laws of the United
States. Beginning on the 10th Inst. and
ending on the 26th, those who wish to
make entry of lands under the homestead
law shall be registered. The registration
will take place at the land offices at Reno
and I^awton. The registration at. each
office will be for both land districts.
The proclamation .provides that:
. . Will Draw for Lands. 'i ,.
No one will bs permitted to make settlement
upon any of the lands in advance of the. open
ing provided for, and during the first sixty days
following said opening no one but registered
applicants will be permitted to make homestead
settlement upon any of said lands, and then
only in pursuance of a homestead entry, duly
allowed by the local land officers, or of a sol
dier's declaratory statement, duly accepted by
such officers. '¦' ¦- -I • •
The order in | which, during the first sixty
days following the opening, tne registered ap
plicants will be permitted to make homestead
entry of the lands opened hereunder, will be
determined by drawings for both the El Reno
and Lawton districts publicly held at the
United- States Land Office at Bl Reno. Okla
homa, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m., Monday.
'July 29, 1901, ¦ and continuing for such period
as may be necessary to complete the sale. The
drawings will be held under the supervision
and immediate observance of a committee of
three persons whose integrity is such as to
make . their control of the drawing a guaranty
of its fairness. The members of this commit
tee will be appointed by the Secretary of the
Interior, who will prescribe suitable compensa
tion for their services. Preparatory to these
drawings the registration officers will, at the
time of registering eaoh applicant who shows
himself duly qualified, make out a card, which
must be signed by the applicant, stating tho
land district in which he desires to home
stead entry and giving such a description of
the applicant as will enable the local land offi
cers to thereafter identify him. This card
will be at once sealed in a separate envelope,
which will bear no other distinguishing label
or mark than such as may be necessary to
show that it is to go into the drawing for th«
land district In which the applicant desires to
make entry. These envelopes will be separated
according to land districts and will be care
fully preserved and remain sealed until opened
in the course of the drawing, as herein pro
vided. When the registration is completed all
of these sealed envelopes will be brought to
gether at the place of drawing and turned over
to the committee in charge of the drawing,
who in such manner as in their judgment will
be attended with entire ' fairness and equality
of opportunity shall proceed to draw out and
open the separate envelopes and to give to each
enclosed card a number In the order In which
the envslope containing the same Is drawn.
Manner of Conducting Drawing.
I While the drawings for the two dis
tricts will be separately conducted they
will occur as nearly at the same time as
Is practicable.
Subsequent proceedings are provided for
as follows:
Application for homestead entry of said lands
during the first sixty days following the open
ing can be made only by registered applicants
and -in the order established by the drawing.
At each land office, commencing Tuesday, Au
gust 6, 1901. at 9 o'clock Inclusive, for that
district, must be presented the applications of
those . drawing numbers 1 to 125. inclusive, and
will be considered in their numerical order
during the first day, and the applications of
those drawing numbers 123 to 250, ¦ inclusive,
must bo presented and will be considered in
their numerical order during the second day.
and so on at that rate until all of said lands
subject 'to entry under the homestead law and
desired thereunder have been entered. ¦
' Provision *is made for- locating town sites.
Town-site applicants are required to file before
the opening of the lands in a written appli
cation to the effect, describing by legal subdi
visions the lands intended to be affected and
stating fully and under oath .the necessity or
propriety of founding or establishing a town
at that place.
Lands withheld from homestead entry
and settlement will at the time of said
opening, and not before, become open to
the settlement, entry and disposition un
der the general townsite laws of the
United States. None of said ceded lands
will be subject to settlement, entry or
disposition under the general townsite
laws until after the expiration of sixty
days from the time of said opening.
PITTSBURG, July 7.-A. complication
h&s arisen which may have an important
«£fect upon the action to "be taken at tiie
coming conference between the Amaiga
roated Association of Iron. Steel and Tin
Workers and representatives of the Ste^I
Hoop and Sheet Steel Companies to s»ttle
the wage question. On Saturday twelve
men v.ere discharged from the Wellsvllie
(Ohio) steel plant, an underlying company
of the United Slates Steel Corporation.
Xo reason was given for the oischargss.
but the men say the a.ction was taken be
cause the discharged men were known to
have taken an active part in unionizing
the mill, which has always heretofore
been non-union. The case was brought
before the advisory board of the Amalga
mated Association, which was in session
here yesterday the result being that an
?nr V- n as B ° ne fortn from President Shat
ter calling upon all union men in the Dill!
to strme to-morrow. Tais action may
seriously cripple the plant, and em#ua-
Mzrs the important fact that President
fciiarrer is determined that the scale must
.>e signed for all mills alike, and will take
r.o chances on a settlement of the exit
ing troubles by the conference to be he'.d
liere this week.
1 ho president of the Amalgamated As
sociation has not ye; been notified cru
cially that a renewal of the conference
on the sheet steel scale has been made,
.jut lie has been made aware of the desir;
of the companies and wiU accept the
imitation. The conference will probably
kegni on Wednesday next.
M;V7 rOKK. July 7.— The Journal and
Adv.'r;ipcr viil say to-morrow: Charles
M. oclixrab was at the Oriental Hotel,
Manhattan Beach, yesterday and, al
though the hotel people had an idea that
he %\iis to be h guest for several days, he
left there \asi evening. Mr. Schwab
vrouid uc. telk about the great steel con
test.
A man v.ho is prominently connected
•with the Morgan syndicate, and who ar
rived at the hotel last evening, said that
the Journal could announce positively
that there is to be a conference at Pitts
burg on Tuesday or Wednesday between
representatives of the employes of tha
two companies, whose men are to be sup
pnrtrd in their den:ands by the emploves
Of i be United States Steel Corporation* in
case their Oeiuands are not complied with.
It was said last eveninsr that John Jar
rot t and Persifer F. Smith of the Ameri
can Sheet Steel Company would to-dav
meet J. P. Morgan and C. M. Schwab in
This eiiy to po over a few points that arc
likely to be brought up in the Pittsburg
conference.
Complication Arises on the
Eve of the Conference
in Pittsburg.
President Shaffer Will
Aveng-e Discharge
of Union Men.
ORDERS STRIKE
IN STEEL MILL
CINCINNATI, July 7.— The weather was
perfect, and the Christian Endeavorers
spent a busy. day. The day opened with
three quiet hour meetings of one hour
each, held In three of the largest of the
city's churches, and were conducted by
the Rev. Floyd W. Tompkins of Philadel
phia and the Rev. Wolf kin of Brooklyn.
The meeting at • the Central Christian
Church was to have been conducted by
the Rev. J...W. Chapman of New York,
who is now seriously . ill at his country
home at Winona Lake, Ind. A large con
course of people had assembled therein
in expectation of .hearing him, but the
meeting was de'clared off. . -
The various pulpits about the city were
occupied by. the visiting. ministers, whose
topics were "Twenty Years of Christian
Endeavors.." The 'attendance at these
meetings was large, and especially so at
St. Paul's Methodist Episcopal Church,
where the Rev. Charles M. Sheldon of
Topeka, Kans., spoke. ' a,
The afternoon was devoted to three sim
ultaneous evangelical meetingS'in the Mu
sic Hall auditorium. These meetings were
classified for men, women and children.
The attendance at all was large and much
evangelistic work was accomplished, espe
cially at the men's meeting in the Audito
rium Endeavor. This meeting was to have
been conducted by the Rev. Chapman of
New York, and in his absence a repre
sentative of the laity, William. Phillips
hall of New York City, conducted^ it.
President Clarke occupied the chair a por
tion of the meeting.
The meeting of the women in the audi
torium was conducted by General Secre
tary John Willis Baer of Boston". The bur
den of the remarks were for temperance.
The attendance at this meeting was the
largest of the three evangelist sessions.
Meeting for Children.
At the Auditorium Ohio the children
held sway, led by the new field secretary,
Clarence E. Beerman of Lancaster, Pa.
Treasurer William Shaw of Boston and
Miss Kate H. Hause of .St. Louis ad
dressed the children, admonishing them
in the ways of righteousness and illus
trating the dangers of cigarettes and bad
reading.
Mrs. Frances E. Clark of Boston, wife
of President Clark, spoke of the Junior
Christian Endeavor.
The German Christian Endeavor Society
held its first meeting in the Philippus
Church, Dr. Clark being the main speaker.
Treasurer Shaw of *Boston presided at
the session at the Central Presbyterian
Church. General O. O. Howard of Bur
lington, Vt., spoke in part as follows: -
Since the incoming of what is called higher
criticism, and during the last two decades of
theoretic evolution taught to our young. men
in, colleges and extended occasionally with
controversy to our theological seminaries, it
has become the fashion to lay stress upon the
earthly life, the naturalistic life of men, women
and children here and now. Even in our best
sermons we miss the Old Testament scriptures.'
Illustrations abound which show more reading
-of other books and less study of the Bible.
It seems to have btecome the custom with our
younger clergymen especially to treat children
and youths as they do plants. Their environ
ment is studied, the development is begun and
continued, and co-relations from babyhood to
the kindergarten, from the kindergarten to the
grammar school, with the industrial thrown
in; from the grammar schpol to the high
school and- from the high school to the col
lege, academic, professional, trade or commer
cial stage.
Truth Wanted and Welcomed,
Great N"eed of Temperance.
I do not object to the criticism of the scrip
ture text and most searching investigation a?
to what holy men of old really wrote when
they -were moved by God's holy spirit, but I
do distrust all fierce triumph which some men
manifest when they show or think they have
shown that Washington was not a good man;
that Shakespeare did not write the books re
puted to him and that Moses was not the com
poser of the Pentateuch. I t object to the par
tisan spirit which undertakes to wrench from
us that which we loved and trusted and be
lieved in and worked with from our spiritual
childhood to our spiritual manhood. Truth we
want. Truth we welcome. So let us have the
whole truth and send forth men and women
into the field as missionaries and endeavorers
to exalt the Savior and who are able to teach
the simple truths which men and women need
and proclaim the good tidings of great joy
continually and without reservation. As we
proclaim the truth In our enlarged possessions;
in all our sparsely settled country, amid the
new and ignorant and superstitious populations,
far away in Hawaii, from shore to shore of
Cuba and among the Porto Ricans and the
eight millions of the Philippines, obeying our
Master's last command to preach and teach
everywhere what he taught his disciples, let
us see to it that we give no uncertain sound;
that we deliver no uncertain tidings, no lame
and weak proclamations. Heertins this method,
the old and well-tried methods,' the successful
method, we shall have abundant fruitage.
The meeting at the Central Christian
Church was conducted by Secretary John
Willis Baer. This was a temperance
meeting and was addressed by Colonel
George W. Bain of Lexington, Ky. ; Rev.
Anna H. Shaw of Philadelphia and Oli
ver W. Stewart of Chicago. Mrs. Stewart
spoke of "Salvation from the Saloon."
She said in part:
Salvation from the saloons! "Who needs It?
The drunkard needs it. The business man needs
It from the sinful waste of the liquor traffic.
The Government needs it from the peril of sa
loon rule and control of its institutions. More
than all others the Christian needs it. He
needs salvation from his -own jniilt and com
plicity in. the sinful policy that his Govern
ment now . pursues. Who can save him from
his guilt? He alone. He must save himself,
if it requires him to build a new party. He
must save ' himself, though It takes him Into
a party that he long has ridiculed and has
never even dreamed that he woiild ultimately
support. He must save himself or he. will be
lost, and with him our institutions, commerce
and prosperity.
The meeting at the Ninth-street Bap
tist Church was for the foreign mission
aries.
It Is estimated by the local committee
that there are at least 10,000 visiting En
deavorers in the city, and many more are
expected to arrive to-morrow. The at
tendance will not reach the limit that the
local committee had made provision for,
but Speaker Clark la more than . pleased
with the results.
The convention begins Monday, as it
does on the rest of the days of the ses
sion, by the quiet hour meetings, conduct
ed by the Rev. Floyd Tompklns of Phila
delphia aTid the Rev. Cornelius Woelfklng
of Brooklyn. A number of special meet
ings will be held in the morning, as will
also be one devoted to the session of the
"Twentieth Century Home" at the big
meeting in the auditorium. » •
Review Work Accomplished
by League During Past
Twenty Years.
Christian Endeavorers
Occupy Pulpits in
, Cincinnati.
LARGE THRONGS
GREET VISITORS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RONKONKOMA, L. I., : July >>7.— Ever
since the present season opened the mod
est natives and summer visitors at this
secluded resort have had their sensibili
ties shocked daily by the alleged "goings
on" of the inmates of a health and physi
cal culture retreat In . this vicinity. The
agitation has spread as far as Lake
Grove, and several petitions have been
presented to the proprietor of the health
home, imploring the management .to see
that patients and patrons -wear proper
clothing when going about the streets of
this and near-by villages.
From what can be learned, it appears
that sun baths are one of the features
of the health home treatment, and with
a view to getting out in the atmosphere
as much as possible it is asserted the in
mates chase about the village and the
country side attired in the scantiest kind
of bathing suits. It is against this stalk
ing about the village streets and hall
ways in light and airy costumes that the
opposition of those outside the health
home is directed. They want the practice
stopped.
It is asserted that the zealots attend
ing this health cure wear their bathlngr
suits to the railroad station and to the
postoffice and certain of the horrified
community say they expect next to see
some of the bathing-suit colony attend
ing church in their health clothing 1 . Ho
tel-keepers and cottagers complain that
their patrons are being driven away by
the scandal attending the attire worn by
health retreat devotees.
Zealots in Scanty Attire
Traverse the Streets of
Ronkonkoma.
BATHING SUITS
THEIR ONLY GARB
Sun-Bath Devotees Scan
dalize a Seaside
Resort.
PIERRE LORILLARD DIES
IN HOME OF HIS BIRTH
Fights Off Reaper Until He Once More Looks
Upon Land He Practically Renounced.
Government Officials Will Conduct a Drawing
to Insure Fairness to All Intending
Settlers in Oklahoma.
ADOPTS STRINGENT RULES
TO PREVENT LAND FRAUDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 8^ 190i;
3
brewed of selected
]|P||||^ barley -malt and
Q^Sf|i€^a2) best imported hops,
is"lagered" six months to fully mature,
before being bottled for market, which
accounts for its being so palatable
and wholesome, and makes it
"The King of Bottled Beers."
The product of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
: : St. Louis, U. S. A.
Brewers also of Black & Tan, Anheuser-Standard, Faust, Pale-Lager, •
Export Pale, Exquisite, Michelob and Malt-Nutrine.
- :**••*• Order* promptly fllled by
E. G. LYONS COMPAlTSr, Wholesale Dealers, SAN FBANCISCO.
— ' . - —
| . iSifkV JS^rahs* you will have to do it right
JLJt !WiwA 111 ill With this knowledge on your part
/Mwjk Ill Hi an( * e sa^ e on ours we await your
w^SlWx $rl§l] R ===ii< '^ 3/^^^ II Si Irf decision for improving the opportu-
| %J^^W^§§f^^^^^ / J| II ifl nity. There are good chances of hav-
i i • /// _ u8 1ri \\Td\r If vnn wp it 1?itPT von m?* v hf*
I Suits Overcoats Trousers
I Sack suits in cheviots of * The overcoats are coverts Worsted .trousers in swell
light 'patterns in fall and in three stylish shades of tan, patterns of checks and
summer weights; sizes to fit brown and olive; the price . stripes; sizes from 30 to 44
everybody, even the short formerly was $10.00; every waist and up to 36 length;
and stout; prices reduced one of the overcoats in this good for wear with coat rnd
from $8. 50, $10.00 and $12. 50 - lot has been marked down vest of darker color; reduced
. to . to from $3.00 to
66 65 I .$6 65 $1.85
Sale in boys' clothing |||
The conveniences to be found in our children's clothing depart- \. j
ment afford almost as much satisfaction when, buying as the .law yfHSt
j The low prices allow a mother to buy the boy a suit and still
j have enough left to purchase him a hat or some furnishings, and yet M m^^Mj^^^^
| spend no more than is usual for a suit alone. And, besides,. the dif- j [ jWSo^aflft^ii
¦ ferent departments are all conveniently arranged on one floor. ttefiJ] , jj|f| liffifM^^^
! This special exemplifies the foregoing: ¦ \g§^||iS t\ I JfBira
| Boys' sailor suits, varied patterns, differently trimmed, aged 3 j jfe LfeMJJ/ :
I toioyears ' ¦ $K35 a suit ;.'¦..:¦ ¦ . limm
! Boys' vestee suits, striped worsteds, with double -breasted ||||||/ tt|pf J
: vests, -ages 3 to '8 years,-. \ ; . , . i ,. IliSf 111 1
i $1.35 a suit.- 7 . W W
\ Also special values in Norfolk and Russian blouse suits — ffijV
' those up-to-date styles now so popular. Bjf
i Washable suits, ages 3 to 10 years, reduced prices to close out || ill
Silk front golf shirts for boys from 4 to 10 years, 35c each. l&/^^^^^^
Boys' and children's summer underwear, 25c and 50c garment, *&r
Children's Mexican straw sombreros — plain, reduced from 65c to 25c; fancy trimmed, re-
¦* — — : ; *• . f if » * :-
A glance at;our m T » A #>^V yy. _ Out-of-town or-
windows will al- %tmu\ J^J«m/fi#fl Bl 11 1 VT & ffT\ ders filled. Write
I ways prove inter- r"^B # |^S ,Wf 8 fl 11 I fc) M R §• us for anything in
esting, whether you \*S | T » W *** *** W^ >§' ¦ . \Jr . men's or boys'
need clothes, hats X V T • ' *»* XJr; clothing, furaish-
-^ or furnishings. . 718 Market StPCCt. , in g >» O r hats.In addition to the expenditures for the war in'South
Africa the British expended $92,000,000 last year in
fighting famine in India. Empire is a costly game; a
government might ius> <as ivrII try M run a. country
newspaper. ,
Special Information supplied, dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. ¦
An Irishman says that poSthumoua
works are the books a man writes after he
Is dead. '/ .
Best Way to the ' Yosamlte.
The Santa Fe to Merced and stage' thenca
via Merced Falls. Coulterville. Hazel Green
Merced Biff Trees, Cascade Falls and? Bridal
Veil Falls, arriving at Sentinel Hoj-l at 5 tno
next afternoon." This Is jtoe most Dopnter route
and the rates are the lowest. Ask at'lil Mar
ket st. for particulars and folder.
Chicago and RefuriiV $72.50.
On sale July 20 and 2X, tb<)* Union Paelfl-
Railroad will sell rQiyjd.trts. tickets to Chi
cago, good for 60 days,. at rato-of |72 5ft.'; O W
Hitchcock, General Agent; 1 Moatsommn mt '
San Francisco. * "
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.'
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
After a suspension of' diplomatic . relations- ever
since the, shooting of Maximilian the Austrian Gov
ernment has sent a Minister to Mexico,. where he will
doubtless be well received as a novelty. !.
It is said that if the international salt trust manages
to" work successfully other v great industries., will be
organized on an international, scale, and perhaps the
hjgh- court of nations may yet find work to do in
regulating trusts instead of arbitrating between gov-
Since science has proved that a certain family of
mosquitoes are among the most active agents in the'
dissemination of malarial diseases, it is* believed, that
portions of Africa which have been' deadly to, Euro
peans can be made inhabitable by exterminating the
mosquitoes, and accordingly the British are about to
engage in .that '.task. The fight will be", longer than
that against the Boers, but it will not be so costtyand
will doubtless do more good. '. ;
"Oh. I don't know; the doctor who In
vented the nervous system did a horrible
thing* for humanity^'— Chicago Record-
Herald.
- Not a Bit Grateful. — ""What a boundless
debt we owe to medical science."' '
Mrs. Godly — Goodness! How that child
swears!
Little Girl— "Well, wouldn't yer -swear
yerself, mum, If yer'd znlssed.yer Sunday
School picnic by jest five minutes?— Puck.
Harduppe— "Well, my landlord has "re
quested me to vacate.— Philadelphia
.Record.
In the Swim.— Borrowell— Going to take
a vacation this summer?. '.....
"D upesson dat goes froo life actln*
hand to please," said Uncle Et>en, ! "runs
de rlesk o* habbin* folks take him at his
•word an* quit trying'."— Washington Star.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
A recent British" authority on the subject says:
"Over a hundred years ago Nelson, who was also the.
Mahan of his times, declared the possession of a port
on the. Morocco coast to be a necessity for England
in any European war, and more than once he was'
strongly tempted to take one. Bismarck, soon after
the Franco-Prussian war, singled out the Morocco
question as a certain bone of contention among the
powers; and, speaking in 1.891,, Lord Salisbury pro
phesied that it would be as gr.eat a trouble to Europe
and as great a menace to peace as the other Moham
medan countries farther east used to be twenty years
ago." ; "-.
The country is not rich, but possibly. .it might be
made so under a government that could give security
to industry. At present it is but a land of despotism
and poverty. No power would care to annex it or
who annexed it, were it anywhere else than just where
it is. Its geographical position; however, makes it
desired of all. In France and. Spain a belief prevails
that the British are trying to get some sort of arrange
ment with the Sultan which will give them control of
a harbor arid a fortress opposite Gibraltar. On the
other hand,, the British assert that the French' have
Morocco has risen to importance in the world by
reason of the invention of steamships and long-range
guns. In the old days Great Britain, from/the formid
able fortress of Gibraltar, dominated the entrance to
the- Mediterranean and had a safeguard for all her
commercial and other interests in that sea. No sailing
¦yessel could traverse the narrow strait without com
ing under the guns of the fort, while no guns then
known to man could successfully assail the fortifica
tions either of the rock itself or of the port in which
the shipping lay. Very different is the situation now.
Steamships can keep well out of range of Gibraltar,
and disappearing guns intrenched on Spanish soil
could render the naval station untenable. The conse
quence is that the opposite side of the strait is now a
point of great strategic advantage and each nation
believes the other is trying to get it.
SOME time ago a brilliant delegation from
Morocco appeared in London ostensibly for the
purpose of congratulating King Edward upon
his accession to the throne. Europe watched the
event with suspicion, for it is believed in many quar
ters that the British Government has been intriguing
with the Moors for the purpose of gaining a port in
rhcir territory; but while the subject was being dis
cussed it was announced that the Sultan intended to
send delegations to Paris, Berlin and St. Petersburg,
and then the British became suspicious. The delega
tion to Berlin reached that city last Saturday, but for
what object they made their visit no information of
any value has been given to the public. ¦
MOROCCO AS A PROBLEM.
• The joy of the commencement season in New Eng
land was marred by the declaration, of a gentleman
who seems to have spoken with authority that the
high schools and colleges overtax the strength of the
average student and graduate weaklings. The disr
cussion over the subject is almost as hot as the
weather.
There is good humor and good fun'in the suggestion,
but none the less the skit serves to show how com
pletely the Briton has been- subordinated by the
American. It is not altogether an idle question to
ask if it take an Englishman four days to do a piece
of work how much quiclter will an American, do it.
We are beating them in the industrial competition all
along the line from the great managers like Morgan
and Schwab down to the men who swing the ham
mers. London, . Glasgow and Birmingham are not
yet in the United States, but some day they may. be. |
Travel— You are an- American millionaire traveling
for recreation. "Which would you take back with you
as souvenirs, London or Paris? , State your reasons for
preferring one of these trinkets. ¦.-' '. •' ; • •
Trade Problem— You are an . English manufacturer.
An extensive drder is received for- locomptlves for the.
trans-African railway.- Which would you do, demand
the entire alteration of the railway to fit the six locomo
tives you have In stock, or recommend an American
rival? '' ' '". ¦'¦ ' '\ : '--' ; ¦'.-¦ ...¦
History— Write a note on the invasions of Great Brit
ain and the rebellion and subsequent subjugation of the
Angles.' Give dates of accessions, of Yerkes I, Sloane.
Morgan, the contractor, and other' conquerors;, also of
the beatification of St. Carnegie. Say what you know of
any of these. • •
BY the recent invasion of thejr land by American
millionaires who buy castles and steamship
lines, furnish 'locomotives, and construct under
ground railways," the British, '.it 'seems, 1 have been
taught how to make a joke.' They have looked upon
Morgan, Yerkes, Carnegie and the rest with apprecia
tion, and while most of them perhaps. have growled,
some of them have had a sufficient sense of humor to
laugh. -
An illustration of the humor is to be found in the
suggestion that the next matriculation examinations
at the universities, or higher civil-service examina
tions, include these questions:
Geography— Draw a map of the United States, mark-
Ing London. Glasgow and Birmingham.
Rule of Three^-If a man does a piece of work In four
days, how much' quicker will an American do it at half •
the salary?
Political Economy— Yankee millionaires over here
state that they feel'as if this ¦were their own- country.
The German Emperor when last- visiting us declared
that he felt perfectly at home. Account for this.
A BRITISH JOKE.
Thc situation :n California remains about as before.
Crop condition's show no material change, the grain
and hay yield turning out heavy, while the fruit yield
is realizing the anticipations of those who 'predicted
a diminished production along in the spring. Thus
far the fruit is bringing ; good prices, and hay is
rxtually advancing, something not often experienced
at the very time the new crop is coming in.. The
wholesale merchants continue to express themselves
satisfied with the demand for goods and report money
easy and collections fully up to the average of good
years. Otherwise the local situation exhibits no
features calling for especial mention.
The crop prospects of the country continue brilliant.
The wheat yield, as already mentioned, will probably
be very large, but oats and corn will doubtless run
lighter than expected in som(J sections, the I hot
weather having been against corn in the southwestern
belt. Both corn and cotton are looking better than
along in the spring, the injury done by the cold
weather several months ago having been largely re-
Wall street was practically deserted last week, the
Stock Exchange being closed for three days, and the
extreme lieat cutting down business during the other
three. The market was without especial feature.'
The failures during the first half of the year were
5759. against. 5332 during the same time last year, and
the liabilities were $35,804,000, against $74,747,000. A
favorable feature of this statement was the marked
decrease in bank and brokerage failures as compared
with 1900. this tending to show a more conservative
:.nd better balanced :rionc3 r and speculative market.
The banking insolvencies amounted to $15,839,000,
against $25,822,000 last year. The second quarter of
the year made a better showing than the first, the
average liability per failure being the smallest ever
known, while the failuies in June were the smallest of
any month this year.
The staples maintained the slight improvement
noted the preceding week-/' Boots and shoes continued
active, especially en fell lines, the spot" demand show
ing some falling off. Manufacturers are buying less
leather. 35 the tanners are now stiff holders in- view
of the slow but steady advance in hides. Wool and
woolen goods are in rather better movement, but the
average of prices is slightly lower. The domestic
demand for cotton is better, but the export trade is
diminished by the firrner quotations asked by holders,
which repels shippers to foreign countries. There is
less activity in iron and steel, but this is said to be
due net to any decrease in the consumptive demand,
but to the suspensions on account of strikes, stocktak
ing and the uEu^.l midsummer closing down.'
IX spite of the remarkable hot wave over the major
portion of the United States, the holidays, labor
strikes and midsummer shutdowns and stocktak
ing, all of which operated severely against trade last
week, the country's bank clearings showed a gain of
27.5 per cent over the corresponding week last year.
This is no* a bad showing, though the percentage of
gain was smaller than has been the rule for some
time back. The hot weather was the principal un
favorable factor, and materially checked wholesale
trade and led to the frequent shutting down of mills
during the heat of the day, but it stimulated the retail
demand for summer goods of all descriptions.
BUSINESS STILL GOOD.
ISLAM— Enquirer, City. Islam, which
is the designating name of a temple In
San Francisco of the Ancient Arabic
Order of the Mystic Shrine, means "Re
signation to the will of God." It is the
word generally used by Mohammedans
for their religion. Muhammad explains It
to- mean five duties: 1— Bearing witness
that there is but one God. 2^-Reclting the
daily prayers. 3— Giving the legal alms.
4— Observing the Ramazan or month's
feast. 5— Making the pilgrimage to Mak
rah once in a life time. Makrah Is the
capital of Arabia, a sacred city celebrated
as the birth place of Muhammad and tne
site of the sacred circle.
SHAMPOO— J. 31., Oakland, Cal. Sham
poo is a mixture for cleansing the head
and Hair. Salts of tartar (carbonate of
potassa) Is the principal ingredient used
in' making the same. One ounce of the
salts is dissolved in a quart of soft water
and it is applied to the head and rubbed
until a lather Is formed. 1 The mixture Is
then washed away with clear water and
the hair well dried, after which there
should be an application of bay rum. . '
OREGON AND IOWA-Subscriber and
J. C. C, City. The measurements of the
Oregon, U. S. N., are: Length, 348 feet;
beam. 69.3; depth, 27.2; displacement, 10,288
tons. Those of the Iowa are: Length, 360
feet; heam, 72.3; depth, 26.10; displacement
11,340 tons. ¦
PORTLAND CEMENT— E. T. M., Kale
spell, Mont. Portland cement is manu
factured in California.
DIMES OP 1881— H.C. R., San Miguel,
Cal. Dimes were coined in the United
States in 1881.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
"Whether the Kipling works quoted be
greater than the others, it is possible to
conclude that they might have been the
result, of observation as well as Inspira
tion. ' .
Such a similarity of formation seems to
He far outside the percentage of accident
in unconscious cerebration, particularly
when coupled with the other Instance.
Other points of suggestive similarity oc
cur in the two poems. In "The King's
Jest,"
A murmur of voices, a reek of smoke.
To tell us the trade of the- Khyber woke.
In "Barbara Frietchle," .
A tinge of sadness, a flush of shame.
Into the face of the leader came.
Meter, phonetics and formation are
identical, although the motive is quite
dissimilar.
Consequently, it was rather a shock to
grown up infants who had been elocution
ally trained upon this verse- to read in the
opening of Rudyard Kipling's "Ballad of
the King's Jest" the following lines:
When, sprinetime flushes the desert grass.
Our Kafllas file through the Khyber Pass,
Lean are the camels, but fat the frails,
Light are the nurses, but heavy the bales.:
As the snow-bound trade of the North comes
. down
To the market square of Peshawur town.
This verse seems almost too familiar for
any plagiarism. Not even the writing of
a heroic play In which the devoted old
Barbara Frietchle is transformed into a
beautiful young girl could remove the
deeper Impression of the poem.
i Another instance speaks for itself quite
as loudly as the foregoing. There is hard
ly a child from the seal rocks at the Cliff
House to the Battery who has not droned
out the fact that
Up from the meadows rich with corn.
Clear in the cool September morn,
The clustered spires of Frederick stand.
Green-walled by the hills of Maryland.
Round about them orchards sweep,
Apple and peach tree fruited deep,
Fair as the garden of the Lord.
To the eyes of the famished rebel horde, .
On that pleasant morn in the early fail
¦When Lee marched over the mountain wall,
Over the mountains winding down.
Horse and foot into Fredericktown.
' She rises fast and Is soon uo well.
Rushing along 'Heath a smoky pall,
A mass of lights. like some huge hotel.
Ablaze for Its annual boarders' ball.
Mrs. J. J- Spleker and : her daughter,
Miss Georgie, will" sail for Honolulu on
the Ventura Thursday. Miss ; Spleker. will
remain there two months, while Mrs.
Spleker will' return on the next steamer.
A. B. Adams, a prominent New York
clubman, who has. been in Mexico inspect
ing his silver mining property, is a' guest
at the Palace. .
Dr. James E. Gardner, U. S. N., has ar
rived from th-3 East and is making his
headquarters at the Palace. •
L. O. Lqulzauz and C. E. Day, two
prominent "oil merchants of Bakersfleld,
are guests at the Lick.
"William A. Parish, a wealthy mine
owner of Denver and California, is stop
ping at the Palace.
A. R. Hochheimer, a wealthy mine own
er of Willows, has installed himself at the
Lick.
Able and H. F. Arizarb, leading mer
chants of Arcadia, are visiting at the
Lick. -, • ,
W. A. Gerber, a banker of Sacramento,
is making his headquarters atthe Palace.
Jesse R. Grant of San Diego is stopping
at the Palace. ' -
Mrs. Beckly and daughter of Honolulu
are at the California.
C. A. Mun, U. S. A., and wife are regis
tered at the Occidental.
W. P. Herring, a banker of Colusa, is
spending a few days at the Palace.
Jules Cain, a merchant of Newman, is
making his headquarters at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Scouting with the lead, etc.
Here is the Kipling stanza from the
"Ballad of the Bolivar," rising like a lit
erary wraith to- accuse its creator of un
due familiarity with Thomas Day's verse:
Just a pack of rotten plates,
Puttied up with tar. •
In we came and time enough, 'cross Bilbao
Bar.
Overloaded, undermanned
Meant to founder, we
Euchred God Almighty's storm.
Bluffed the eternal sea.
Stronger and more vital verse than
Day's equally meritorious stanzas, but
bearing the* mark of possible plagiarism.
Also, It Is not easy to forget while read
ing Kipling's .
Once we saw '— •
Some dajnned liner's lights go by like a grand
hotel;
Cheered her from the Bolivar swampln' in the
. ;¦ sea.- ; . ¦' ; .: - , ;
To, 'forget that Day wrote in his poem
"On p th6 Bridge": ,
A mass of lights like some huge hotel
O>HAT Mr. Rudyard Kipling is much
I "indebted to at least two other poets
J for suggestion and formation, and
• L that it is essential for him to notice
• Jl their claims by some attempt at de
nial, is a fact, and I can point out two In
stances clearly in point, says a writer in
the New York Telegraph.
It is impossible to read the chantey or
the "Coasters," written by Thomas Flem
ing Day, author of "Songs of Sea and
Sail" published by the RUdder Publish
ing Company in 1898. without being very
fo?cib?y reminded of Rudyard Kipling's
veLon the Bolivar. Mr. Day's screed
runs:
Overloaded, undermanned,
¦ ' Trustinz to a lee:
' Playing I-spy with the land
Jockeying the sea—
That's the way the Coaster goes,
Thro' calm and hurricane.
Everywhere the tide flows.
Everywhere the wind blows,
From Mexico to Maine.
i And in the last stanza (for It Is In the
first and last that the suspicious similar
ity exists) these lines occur:
Cargo reef In main and fore.
Manned by halt a crew;
Romping up the weather shore.
Edging down the Blue— .'
That's the way the Coaster, goes.
Helped Himself to the Works of Others.
ACCUSES RUDYARD KIPLING OF
BOLDLY AND FREELY PLAGIARIZING
Eastern Writer -Asserts That the Noted Poet and Novelist
C, ONSTANTINE DEMETER STEPHANOVE, a Macedonian, who has just
taken a degree of Master of Arts from Yale University; supported him-
I self through college by working as conductor on a night car of the Fair
. Haven and Westville trolley line. For six years he went on duty at mid
night, collecting the fares of' the "owl" car patrons, and worked until
7:30 a. m. when he would take up his studies and begin attending classes. At 6
p. m. he would go to bed for five hours' sleep, after which the trolley car would
again claim his attention. ..
Stephanove is a native of the town of Bansko. Macedonia, and came to the
United" States at 16 years of- age. He worked on a farm near Canterbury. Conn.,
for a time, and'then entered the Monson (Mass.) Academy, from which he grad
uated in 1895, and went to Yale. He graduated from Yale in 1S93 but continued
his studies to get the degree of Master. He will go to Germany for further in
struction, after which he will retftrn to his native land to become a teacher in
•the subjects he studied at Tale.
It is to be borne in mind, finally, that the money
asked.. for by the committee is to.be expended solely
for convention purposes and every dollar of.it^wil^.be
spent among our own people. All the delegates pay
their own expenses. We are not asked to do anything
except what it will be to our own. advantage to do.
It is a case in which every citizen should take a pride
in helping to make the entertainment and the conven
tion the most brilliant and the nrost successful in the
history of the league.
products. The exhibits will. constitute a good expo
sition of some of the resources and industries of; the
State and will help to impress the minds of the visitors
with the richness and fertility of our soil: -The reports'
they carry back to their homes' will be of advantage
to us, and, indeed, a good many of them may find in
the land a sufficient inducement to bring them back
to settle here. . ' • ,
One of the pleasing features of the arrangements, is
the request made of the various counties to contribute
an exhibit of their fruits, flowers and other attractive
From, now luntil the convention assembles is but a
short time. Whatever .is to be done in the way of
providing funds forthe entertainment of the conven
tion and whatever preparations are- to be made for
decorating the city should be entered upon. at once.
The finance committee recently made an earnest^ap
peal for subscriptions and reported that it had in sight
only some $14,000 of the $25,000 required for conven
tion expenses. Since that time there have been nu
merous subscriptions, but the full amount is not yet
made up. It should be forthcoming early this week. "':;¦
'¦:¦: ¦¦. : ":'V V '. .'^v'T v..-:^. -: :: -.¦.:¦
AS the date of the i 'assembling, of the- Epworth
League convention, approaches the magnitude
of the meeting; .becomes more and more
evident. ¦ .It was at first estimated that the convention
would draw to the city, upward of 30)000 visitors. As.
reports came in from points in the East
showing the degree of interest taken in the. meeting, .
the estimates increased .-'until now the committees -in
charge of the arrangements'- have found reason for
expecting the number. will-be upward of 60,000. '_.
•¦ The coming of so large a number of people will, of
course, tax the resources' of the city. It is, however,
a tax which we can readily and willingly stand, for.it
will yield an abundant; profit. .In .a very important
respect^ the entertainment "of 'so large a number of
visitors representing 'all sections of the Union is a
matter'of business which N concenis every one who has
any interest in the^growth of San Francisco and the
development of California: /.We make earnest efforts
to advertise the .^sources land • the advantages; of
California, and consider that we have achieved sonle
thing of success when we can get people to read' our
pamphlets and our. circulars.' Now, here ; are ' many
thousands of young inen and young women who are
coming to see the city and; the State with their own
eyes. Certainly it is nptfiing more than strict business
for us to provide handsomely for their reception and
their entertainment. „. - > .
THE EPWORTH^ CONVENTION:
MONDAY.......:....... JULY 8, 1901 ]
'.. JOHN D. SPnECKELS, Pro P rietor ____
Addrtsi All Coxamanieitions to W. 8. LEASE. Mtnagsr .
HASAGER'S OFFICE .Telephone res^J^
VvlfiACA^rio^OFFTcETTTM^irket and TUlrd. S. F-
Telepbone Press 201. .
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered l»r Carrier*. 13 Cents Per Week.
SInjfle Copies. 5 Cent*.
Terms l>r Mail. Including: Postage:
I-iAILT CALL (including Sunday).- one year .......'..$6.00
OAILY CALL <inc!udinE Sunday). 6 months J M
PAILT CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months \-f> j
HATLT CALL— By Single Month • '^
PT-XDAY CALL. One Year.. • J-™
WEEKLY CALL. One Year •"-••• • V
All postmaster* nre nnthorlxed to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies -will be forwarded whe?i requested.
Mall subscribers In orderlr.gr chanere of address FhouM b«
.articular to give both NEW AND OLD APDRESS in order
to insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAXD OFFICE. 77777777... ..1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE ICROG\Ef!S.
Jftntgw Tcreign Advertising. SUrscette Bnilding. Chicago
(Lons Distance Telephone '"Central 2613." )
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAKX.TOV Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH.. 30 TrlMme Bnildtng
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
Murray Hill Hotel.
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOV <T>- C.) OFFICE 14OG G St.. ST.' W.
BIOItTOX E. CRAXE, Correspondent.
TTRANCH OFFICES — 527 Montgomery, comer of Clay, open
until ?:30 o'clock. SCO Hayes, open until 9:J0 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
8:S0 o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
rcrncr Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. KP6 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
ronwr Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
5?C0 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
THE RANGE IN WYOMING.
It is well that Wyoming is the present storm center.
The Congressmen from that State have usually op T
posed leasing the range lands and wanted them ceded
to (lie States., The public men of Wyoming have
earnestly contended that if leasing were adopted the
large and small stockmen and ranchers could never
agree on a division of the range into leaseholds. -But
it seems they are able to agree upon a fair division
when they are going to fence it in violation of the
law. Why can't they agree in obedience to a lease
law as well as in disobedience of a no-fence law? ,
But when that law is enforced the range problem
is not solved, ft;. will never be solved and our meat
supply assured until the stockmen who fight or fence
in violation of the law are made leaseholders of the
range. * . ¦•__.'«--*:
In Wyoming, except on the Colorado and Utah
border, all the interests which elsewhere war and
suffer, seem to have agreed on a policy, which is also
caused by the iron law of necessity. The big and little
s-tockmen and the ranchers, be it noticed and remem
bered, have by agreement divided the range on the
public domain among them, have fenced it in and
are dwelling together in lawless peace and harmony.
This c&mfortable condition is about to be destroyed
by enforcement of the law against fencing public land.
The first is a state of war between rivals for ex
clusive possession of the public range upon which all
have equal rights. This is a sanguinary phase of the
situation that every year becomes more appalling.
Stock is slaughtered and left to rot on the plains.
Herdsmen are killed, whipped or driven off and for
bidden to return under penalty of death. The courts
of nearly all the .inter-mountain States have on their
criminal dockets cases originating in this .warfare over
the free range. The small stockman and the rancher
suffer, though they do not participate in the carnage.
The range necessary for the life of their stock is the
battlefield. The combatants are usually from a dis
tance and their country suffers, as do neutral States
on whose soil hostile armies meet and fight.
Th.c Secretary of the Interior has been inquiring
into this fencing proposition and there are indications
that legal war is about to be made upon it, which is
right; for the law should be enforced or repealed. But
from one point of view this violation of the law is
interesting on account of its cause. The livestock
industry is of first importance. to the whole country:
Its zone of most economical production is on the arid
ranges, where' the only use of eighty acres, out of
every ico is stock-grazing. One-fifth of the whole
arid area may be subjected to cultivation finally, but
four-fifths of it must always remain grazing land and
be the reliance of the country for its supply of beef,
mutton, wool and hides. The men" who have invested
money and years in stock find themselves on the point
of inflicting- suicide upon their business. Occupation
of the public rarfge in common destroys it. Much of
it is permanently returned to desert conditions and all
of it is impaired by overstocking. The feed being free
to all, human selfishness induces each to get all he
can. This hard law of necessity operating on the
range has produced two conditions that may be
studied with profit to the country by members of
Congress.
THERE is great dismay among the range stock
"owners' in Wyoming. Dispatches from Chey
enne say that Wyoming has more public domain
illegally fenced for range than any other State in the
West. The large and small stockmen and the'ranch
ers have had a practical understanding by which each
gets his share, and all have fenced it in contrary to the
law. But little attention has been paid to this* prac
tice by the Federal Government since two Territorial
Governors of Wyoming were removed from office for
fencing Government land. That was long ago, and
the belief that public officers should obey the law in
that respect seems not to have become frenzied, so to
speak, in Wyoming. k
TROLLEY CONDUCTOR
GRADUATES FROM YALE
made and are making a determined effort to get a
footing in the country, by enlisting recruits for their
Algerian army from among the Morocco tribes,; offer
ing them not only pay and clothing, but French nat
uralization. Furthermore, Russia for some reason
has interested herself in the question and has recently
established a legation a't the Sultan's court.
It is under these circumstances that the Sultan has.
suddenly taken a notion to send delegations to the*
principal powers. It is not quite clear what he is aim
ing at, but if we may trust the reports made by out
siders, there is a scheme on the part of Russia, Spain
and France to get possession. of enough of the;Mo
rocco coast to offset Gibraltar, and thus dq away with
Great Britain's supremacy ill the Mediterranean, and
the Sultan is sounding? the} nations, to find out
whether it would be safe for him to join thecombina
tion! . ¦ - ¦>'•:';'; ¦-.":':;¦'''•¦¦'•¦-'''/.', : '•; ¦ ¦
navy numbers 106,507 men and boys. Of
these 49,522 arc in the sailor branch, 25.D:.:i
in the engineering. 1S.4S1 in the marino
corps and 12,865 in other branches.
• • •
In the projected Britisn battleships of
13,000 tons, there will be a return to the
broadside battery cf the first sea-going
ironclads. The casemate system has been
abandoned In recent modern battleship*,
such as the Mikasa. Beneditto Brin and
the live ships of that class authorized by
the late Congress for the United States
navy.
• ¦ • •
The Karfadet, one of four submarine
boats building at Plochefort, was launched
May 17. The vessel's length is 123 feet S
inches; breadth 9 feet 6 inches, and' dis
placement 185 tons. A single screw en
gine worked by electric power is to give
a surface speed cf 12.2.1 knots. Her com
plement is one lieutenant and a crew of
i eight.
The Belleville boilers in the British
cruiser Hermes, are to be taken out am!
replaced with Eabcock and Wilccx boiler-?.
The ship was completed October 3, 1S9:>.
and after a commission of less than one
year on the North America station limpet!
home with her engines almost broken
down and her boilers unfit for further sor
vice.
• • •
France is building nine sea-going torpe
do boats of 161 tons, 4400 horsepower and
a calculated speed of 29 to 30 knots. Tha
boats are 144.2 feet length, 13.2 feet beam
and 10 feet draught. Six are being built
at Havre, two at Bordeaux, and one at
Nantes. Their average cost Is about 5205,
000 complete, against less than $200,000 for
similar boats in the United States navy.
• • •
The four hours' full power trial of the
British cruiser Pandora, of 2200 tons, took
place June 5 and did not come up to ex
pectations. The vessel was down to her
designed draught and It was calculated
that with 7000 horsepower the speed would
be 20 knots. The engines developed 7SS0
horsepower, but the speed was only 15.72
knots. The ship is fitted with Reed water
tube boilers, the coal . consumption of
which averaged two and a half pounds.
• • *
The new British 7^-inch gun is of ti'ty
calibers, and has a total length of 32 feet
3 inches. Its weight is "15.73 tons, or 2.2".
tons less than the American 8-lnch gun
of forty-five calibers. The weight of
mount and shield is 12.8 tons. It fires a
200-pound shell with a charge of seventy
nine pounds of nitro-cellulose at an initial
velocity of 3000 feet per second, develop
ing 12.4S0 foot tons, against 16.302 foot tons
of the new American 8-inch, that fires a
250-pound shell with a muzzle velocity of
2SC0 feet.
• • •
German armor plate manufacturers are
said to have made an offer to supply the
navy with armor at a reduced price of
$4S0 per ton. against $5S0 hitherto charged.
The profits are calculated to have been
from Jo.OOO.OOO to $5,750,000 on 16.000 to 1S.0OO
tons delivered during the last three years.
A Rhenish syndicate recently offered to
delivery In 1903 of armor plate at
$3S7 50 per ton. upon which Krupp and
the Dusseldorp maker reduced its prico
to $480. still giving them a profit of $240
to $250 per ton.
• • a
A Russian cruiser is to be built at
Schichau, Germany, which, on- account of
its high speed and other . characteristics,
is being denominated as a destroyer of
torpedo-boat destroyers. Her length is 357
feet 6 inches, and the displacement only
3000 tons. Engines of a collective horse
power of 17.000 are calculated to - give
a speed of 25 knots. The main battery
consists of six 45-pounders, placed Jn a
two-inch Krupp-plated turret forward.
Besides these guns she will carry eight
smaller ones, two Maxims and six torpedo
tubes.
. The French torpedo-boat destroyer
Epee. of 319 tors displacement and 5700
horsepower, built at Havre, has passed
through a six. hours' continuous trial with
success. For five h.ours the average speed
was 29.36 knots, with 272 revolutions, and
during the sixth hour, with 305 revolu
tions, the speed averaged 29.61 knots. The
contract of- 26 knots was thus largely ex
ceeded. French trials are now. more se
vere than in any other navy, as the Brit
ish navy requires only three hours for
vessels of the destroyer and torpedo boat
clashes and in the United States navy a
trial of two hours Is considered sufficient.
• • •
The British battleship Formidable, 15,000
tons and 15.000 horsepower— begun March
21, V89S— is at last near completion. Her
thirty hoars* trial under four-fifths power
took place on June 9. resulting In 11,613
horsepower, giving a speed of 16.81 knots,
with 101.95 average revolutions of the two
engines. All of Its twenty Belleville boil
ers were in use, carrying 257 pounds of
steam, and the coal consumption averaged
1.89 pounds per unit of horsepower. One
important factor in the trial was that th»
ship was about eleven Inches deeper in
the water than the normal, displacement
of 15,000 tans called for, indicating an ex
cess of about 720 tons displacement, and.
the speed under such conditions was very
satisfactory. The full power speed is cal
culated at IS knots.
Four cruisers of the Bosatyr type, to
be buiit at Russian yards, have 'Iteen
named Vitiaz. Almas, Kagul arrcf Otcta.J
kopf. The two latter are for the- Blr.ck
Sea fleet.
• • •
The present enlisted force in the British
developments
of the navies
of the powers
THE SAN FEANC1SCQ CALL; :MONDAY^JtJLY 8, 1901.
CONSTANTINE DEMETER STEPHANOVE, A YOUNG MACEDONIAN,
WHO WAS EMPLOYED AS A CONDUCTOR ON A NEW HAVEN CAR
LINE AND WHO HAS JUST TA KEN A COLLEGE DEGREE.
SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado,
Coronado. Beach, Cal.. effective after April 15,
$60 for round trip, including 15 days at hotel.
: • Pacific Coast S. S. Co.,' 4 New Montgomery st.
4
AMUSEMENTS.
Orand Opera-house— "Secret Service."
Central— "Held by the Enemy."
TlvGli— "Babes in the Wood."
Orr>heum — Vaudeville.
Columbia— "Under Two Flags."
Alcazar— "The School for Scandal.'
Olympia* corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo arid Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
«-venin~.
Fischer'* — Vaudeville.
Satro Baths— Swimming. - ;
AUCTION SALES.
By F. H. Chase & Co.— Monday, July ?. at 11 o'clock.
Horses, at 1~I Market street. . • .
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYKG TOWI FOB TEE SUMMER.
Call imbicrtbers contemplating a change ol
Ktideaee during the unmuier months can . havo
Ckelr paper (orirarded by mall to their new
•4dreisei by cotlf ylnsr The Call Business Offlce.
TkU paper will also be on sale at all summer
reports and Is represented by a local agreat la
*£l towsi u the coaet.E. L. Voeler. a waiter, was arrested
yesterday afternoon by Policeman W.
Coleman and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of-grand larceny. , He Is ac
cused by "Bessie Baldwin of entering her
room at 122 Taylor street during her tem
porary absence yesterday afternoon and
stealing her gold watch, valued at $75, and
$10 in silver, which were, on top of her
bureau. Vogler formerly occupied' the
Sobbed a "Woman's Boom.
A Veteran Association Starts Its Ex
istence "Under Favorable
Auspices.
The ex-pollce officers who have .' been
honorably discharged from the service
met yestentey afternoon in the assembly
room of the Southern Station for the pur
pose of organizing a Veteran Police Asso
ciation. A large deputation of the re
tired officers was in attendance and the
new society was launched under the most
favorable auspices. Its chief object will
be to promote social intercourse among
its members.
The officers who were selected to put
the machinery of the new society in mo
tion were as lollows: James F. Moran,
pi~sident; A. J. Houghtaling, vice presi
dent; Thomas D. Barnstead. secretary:
W. P. Morehouse, treasurer; W. D. Hens
ley, Thomas W. Bethell, M. Llndheimer,
A. J. Houghtaling, George W. Curtis, J.
Broderick. Peter Coleman and Henry
Loftus, executive committee; Michael
Flannelly, sergeant-at-arms.
EX-POLICE OFFICERS
ORGANTZE A SOCIETY
DETROIT, Mich., July 7.— The lobby of
the Hotel Cadillac, which is headquarters
for the fortieth annual convention of the
National Educational Association, is
crowded to-night with prominent educa
tors, , who have come from all parts of
the country to attend the meetings. The
first general session of the association in
Light Guard Armory will not be held un
til Tuesday, but the convention will be
opened to-morrow morning with sessions
of the National Council of Education and
the Indian Education Department. Wil
liam T. Harris, National Commissioner of
Education, will be the first speaker be
fore the National Council." He will read
a paper on "Isolation in School; How It
Hinders and How It Helps."
The morning session of the Indian De
partment will be devoted entirely to ad
dresses of welcome and responses.
For the first time one of the general ses
sions of the assembly has been given over
to the teaching of economics in the
schools. It is expected that this session
and the resultant discussion of the topic,
which President Green terms one of the
most important before the convention,
will result in much progress in the teach
ins: of economics in the schools. A strong
effort will be made by members from
the extreme Northwestern part of- the
country to secure the next convention,
and already Portland, Or., and Seattle,
Wash., are being boomed for the next
meeting place. . <.
Detroit.
Prominent- Teachers of
the Union to Meet at
EDUCATORS WILL
EXCHANGE VIEWS
Desperate light Between Negroes.
TEXAKKAICA. Ark,. July 7.— News
readied here to-night that two men were
killed and two wounded In a desperate
fight between four or five negroes near
Index, nine miles north of here, on the
Kansas City Southern Railway, last night.
The fight occurred at a dance in Little
River County, just over the river from In
dex.
Death of Ezekiel D. Mosxnaii.
SAX JOSE, July 7.— Ezekiel D. Mosman,
a well-known horseman and famous over
the Pacific Coast as a trainer, died here
1 his morning after an Illness of six weeks
from liver trouble. He was a native of
Maine and €3 years of age.
Very low season round trip tickets to
Lake Tahoe from San Francisco, Oak
land, Alameda. Berkeley, San Jose, Stock
ton, Sacramento. Marysville. Xapa, Santa
Rosa and Woodland, Friday to Tuesday.
Round trips from San Francisco only
$10 80. Literature nearest agent, or at
613 Market street.
i
Lake Talioe and Return.
The Orpheum's bill of the- week con
tains many good numbers. Arras and
Alice, novelty equilibrists; Gilbert and
Goldie, old favorites of vaudeville; Irving
Jones, a new monologist; Clayton White,
Marie Stuart and company, giving "Ger
aldine," a sequel to "Dickey"; the Pros
per acrobats; Blmra, Bomm and Brrr,
clowns par excellence; La Moyne broth
ers, horizontal bar experts; Emily Lytton
and Charles Bowser in their last week
in a rattling good sketch by Will M. Cres
sy. entitled "Next." The biograph has
some splendid new views. > .
• • *
Charity Martin, the clever singer, still
heads the list of Fiscner's entertainers.
Sig. G. S- "W'anrell is also on the good
bill, and the other names are Oliver Car
son, Ai Hazard, Viola Vignette. Wren and
Lynton, Kelcey sisters and Wilson and
Black.
• • •
The new bill which opens at The Chutes
U>-day includes P. Richards, the famous
cartoonist; Flatt and Sutherland, vocal
ists and instrumentalists; Spencer Kelly,
Gotham's favorite vocalist; the La Monts,
society acrobats: Memphis Kennedy,
musical comedian; Aronsen and Choate,
juvenile song and dance artists, and a
series of new comic moving pictures.
The midsummer extravaganza, "The
Babes in the Wood," is finding many ad
mirers at the Tlvcll. As its advertise
ment says, "You don't have to think, but
just enjoy yourselves," so it Is just the
snow for summer weather. The song3
and jokes are kept strictly up-to-date by
that indefatigable humorist, Ferris Hart
man, and the ballets and transformation
scene are of the prettiest. The piece be
gins its second week to-night and is prob
ably good till the grand opera season.
"William Gillette !s well represented In
dramatic circles this week. Besides "Sec
f.u , £ L ei 7 ice '!_' at the Grand Opera-house,
Held by the Enemy," another stirring
£ ar 1 , dra . 1 5 a ?;, w * u **> on the menu of the
r^t. •K,i, Hela J b 7 the Enemy" is the Cen
tral s bill, and James M. Brophy and Miss
Juliet Crosby— who has been absent for
some time from the stage— will assume
the leading roles.
To-night for the first time, at the Alca
zar Theater* Miss Florence Roberta will
nh^t^i aS La< 3, y ' Tsasle" in Sheridan's
rfaf " Th S c ? medy > """^ School for Scan
?£•.?«? }?u Za J maR agement has done
its utmost with the production, which has
been in charge of Barton Hill; who w-11
Ro^« PP f a^ a 5 Sir Peter Teazle^ Miss
w^f f \1 to be i commended for the high
Jevel of the majority of the plays In her
repertoire, and for the completeness and
finish of their presentment.
Gillette's famous drama, "Secret Ser
vice," will be the second offering of the
Frawley company at the Grand Opera
house to-nightv The brilliant plav has
received the best casting that the Fraw
ley forces afford.Tincluaing T . Daniel
Frawley. Mary Van Buren, E. J. Morgan
Theodore Roberts and Lillian Pearl Lan
ders in the cast. It will be adequately
staged, and will be a most popular bill
markably successful engagement.
Standing room has been 'at a premium
ever since the play was first staged h-re
two weeks ago and the same condition of
affairs seems 1 possible for the remainder
of this very successful run. Blanche
Bates in the role of Cigarette has created
a perfect furor. Chauncey Olcott's com
pany will arrive here Friday from New
York. The popular Irish comedian begins
his engagement at the Columbia on Mon
day, the 22d inst.
AT the Columbia Theater to-nl£.ht
Charles Frohman's big spectacle,
''Under Two Flags," will enter
upon the third week of its re-
"At first we had only the Boxers to con
tend with. Later we had the Chinese
regulars. They were splendidly armed —
all that a good soldier could wish for.
They had the best of Mausers, the fln
f-st of ManrJIchers and good Krupp guns.
Nobody could ask for better than that.
"It was almost pathetic to see how the
Boxers fought. Their religious enthnsi
asm and faith in certain things were ex
traordinary. They believed that by wav
ing their banners and spears in a certain
vay and making peculiar motions with
their hands the bullets from our guns
could not harm them."
XETV TORE, July 8. — Captain Bowman
H. McCalla, commanding the cruiser New
ark. which has just returned from the Far
East, in speaking of the fighting which
Admiral Seymour's colursn encountered
last summer in trying to relieve the be
sieged legation at Peking, said:
Warfare.
of Their Mode of
Captain McCalla Tells
PITIFUL FAITH
OF THE BOXERS
The Braemerton brings more news of
the arrest of Teodoro Fernandez, a Fran
ciscan friar, at Manila on a charge of
embezzling funds belonging to that order
to the amount of $130,000. His trial has
been referred to the Court of First In
jUance. showing that he will be tried by
ihe regular courts. UvicJer Spanish laws
in a case of this kind he would have a
special hearing before an ecclesiastical
court. Fernandez handled the finances of
t he parochial schools and colleges belong
ing to the Franciscan order in Luzon.
Native accounts sent to Canton state
that a great flood of water poured out of
the mountains, carrying everything before
it. Two hundred houses were washed
away and fields were sv.-cpt bare of crops.
Several great land slips occurred, carry
ing a large portion of Lungkeng into the
+ £¦ hat a PP ear ed like a tidal wave
followed, making it Impossible for any
who were carried into the water to es
cape.
Robbers in Kwangtung Province are
now kidnaping people to raise money.
Dozens of women and children have been
abducted, tfcough the kidnapers are al
ways killed when caught. A Buddhist
nun. convicted of harboring kidnapers, is
oelng publicly exhibited in a cage at Can
ton. Six kidnaped •women were found in
the convent, A band of robbers, which
attempted to steal electric wires in the
house of Canton's Governor, received the
full force of the current, killing two of
them. Two bands of robbers in Htung
s=han, each numbering over 1000. are try
ing to exterminate each other. Hundreds
have been killed, the prisoners taken on
cither side being quickly beheaded.
The Government of Ceylon has engaged
Captain Patrick Dennis O'Reilly to make
a thorough exploration of Ceylon for gold.
O'Reilly lived the greater portion of his
life in the United States, having been
prominent in mining operations in Kan
sas. Montana and Colorado. Later he
went to the Klondike and Transvaal gola
fields. He was in the Transvaal when
the Boer war broke out and joined the
Boers. He was recently taken prisoner
by the British and sent as a prisoner of
war to Ceylon.
TACOMA. July 7.-The steamer Braem
crton arrived from the Orient to-night
and brines details of the loss of 300 lives
by a landslide and flood at Lungkeng, in
China, in June. The landslide was ca.used
by a tremendous earthquake which un
settled both land and sea. There were
many crashes resembling: thunder and it
became very dark.
Special Dlepatch to The Call.
Avalanche Crashes on Lung
keng and the Sky Is
Darkened.
Houses of a Chinese
Town Carried Into
the Sea.
HUNDREDS DIE
IN THE FLOOD
"UNDER TWO FLAGS" OPENS
ANOTHER AUSPICIOUS WEEK
fliss Roberts To=Night as Lady Teazle === "Secre
Service" at the Grand===Good Orpheum Bill.
ONE OF THE LADIES WHO WILL APPEAR IN GILLETTE'S FAMOUS
DRAMA, "SECRET SERVICE." WHICH WILL, BE PUT ON AT THE
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE TO-NIGHT.
CONFIDENCE MAN
POSES AS NUN
in a District of
Brooklyn.
Victimizes Servant Girls
Claims .Power to Bring New
Lovers or Make the Old
Faithful.
. NEW YORK, July 7.— A man who it Is
alleged has been masquerading as a priest
and as a Sister of Charity, in the Flatbush
district of Brooklyn and obtaining money
from servant girls was remanded for ex
amination In the Grand-street court. In
•Brooklyn, s to-day. He says his name is
Frank Russell, but refuses to give a more
definite address than Jersey City.. He was
arrested on Friday at the home of George
Vanderveer, 27 Linden road, where he had
made an appointment with a servant,
Margaret Meyer, to collect 925. She . had
communicated with the police, and Cap
tain Knlppe . was on hand and arrested
him.
• According to the police Russell first
made his appearnce in Flatbush about a
month ago. He represented himself as a
priest and asserted that he was collecting
money for a cathedral nearly completed
In Manhattan. ¦. ...
Russell remained in Flatbush only a
few days. He returned in about a week,
according to the servant girls, and was
dressed as a nun. -He posed as a Sister
of Charity and 1 , said - he was collecting
money for .the poor. He succeeded in de
ceiving some. of the girls.
His third visit to Platbush was about a
week ago. This I time it, is said, he was
a priest. He pretended to have power to
bring good luck to girls In their love af
fairs. He would guarantee to return to
the girls their suitors, and if. they, did not
have lovers to get them for them. Fur
thermore, It is alleged, he asserted he had
power to put a curse upon any girl "who
did /not give him money. He told Miss
Meyer that if she gave him $100' he would
see that she had a happy life and If she
did not he would put a curse upon her.
The girl told him she did not have the
money just then, but If he would call on
her on Friday she would see what she
could do. He told her that $25 would do
for the first installment and she promised
to have It for him. She consulted her em
ployer and he advised her to see the po
lice. .
% - ¦ ¦
NEW TARIFF LAW
NOW COMPLETED
Will Be Sent by Mail to
Governor Taft in the
Philippines.
NEW YORK, July 8.— The new Philip
pine tariff has received • its finishing
touches at the War Department, the
Washington correspondent of the Tribune
reports, and it will be sent- by mail to
Governor Taft in a day or two. It is ex
pected It will be promulgated early next
month, to go Into effect Immediately.
An important provision affecting goods
in transit has been Included, permitting
consignees to declare all imports which
shall arrive In the Philippines widin
sixty days after the tariff is put Into
operation either under the old scheduler
now in use or under the new duties. After
that period the old military customs reve
nue law, founded upon a Spanish law, will
forever cease and the new system, de
signed especially to promote United States
trade, will take its place.
The new law is expected to produce an
nually $15,000,000 revenue for the support
of the insular government, and to reduce
materially imports from all countries ex
cept the United States and Spain, par
ticular attention having been given to. the
Incidental protection of Philippine indus
tries against rivals in the Western Pacific
and Indian oceans. '
The Government at "Washington and the
commission at Manila have been working
over the new tariff since last August, and
now that the full agreement has been
reached it is expected that Congress at
Its next session will' approve the schedules
without modification and put, them into
the statutes. •¦ /
CHINESE NEGOTIATIONS
WILL NOT OAjTTSE TROUBLE
Government Will Leave Sufficient
Vessels in Chinese "Waters to
Protect American Interests.
NEW YORK, July 8.— That the admini
stration does not anticipate international
trouble as a result of the Chinese negoti
ations, says a Washington dispatch to the
Herald, is shown by the substantial re
duction in the Asiatic squadron, One bat
tleship, two cruisers and six gunboats
are under orders to return to the United
States, and the cruiser Brooklyn and ad
ditional gunboats will be the next to be
withdrawn. The importance of American
interests in the East will cause the reten
tion of at least one battleship of the Asi
atic station and one armored cruiser.
These and two monitors will make four
armored vessels, sufficient to form the
nucleus of a fleet which can properly pro
tect American interests. Eleven thousand
tons of coal are now en route to Toko
hama, where it will be stored in the coal
depot re-established at that point.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 8. 1901.
j ¦ Pasteboard armor is i likely to come into
military . fashion. It is, if -thick, enough,
almost Impenetrable to carbln«« bullets,
which can pierce five-Inch. wooden planks.
Recent experiments prove this.
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and StJ
Louis dally. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For 'full 'information ask- L.
MV Fletcher, 213 California street. ... . <• ..
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
is i believed July and ''August will easily
bring . the ttotal to about . 5,000,000, and it
will . remain, for; September and October
to bring the remainder of the 10,000,000. at
which the status of guessers has been set.
Hot Weather Keeps Visitors Away.
BUFFALO. N. Y.. July 7.— The total at
tendance to date at the Pan-American Ex
position is 1,778,811. The average daily at
tendance for June, Including five Sundays,
was over 31,000. The excessively hot
weather during the • last two T weeks has
had a. deterrent Influence on the attend
ance, notwithstanding Buffalo is rated as
the coolest city by several degrees, on ac
count of the breezes from Lake Krie. It
Hatzfeldts Ready for the Fight for
the Late C^P. Huntington's
___ Wealth.
NEW YORK, July 8.— The Journal says:
Prince Franz von Hatzfeldt and the Prin
cess Clara, who was the adopted daughter
of the late Collis P. Huntington, are at
the Holland House. The couple have just
come from the home of the j Princess'
mother Mrs. Prentice of Sacramento.
Cal., where they have been looking for
legal evidence of the adoption by Mr
Huntington. It Is said the Princess will
contest the will of Mr. Huntington in
which she figures as a beneficiary for 'only
$1,000,000 out of the $80,000,000 or $90,000,000
which he left. : -..'
PBINCE AND PBINCESS
. RETURN" : TO NEW YORK
i Resolutions thanking the Board of Su
pervisors for granting the club's petition
for the repavement . of Polk street were
passed. ' ¦ •
• A. G/Klelnert. president; George F. Roberts
first vice president; Nathan Bibo, second vice
president; Captain Emanuel A. Lorenzo, sec
retary and organizer; Martin Hink, treasurer;
Jose Ferrando, sergeant-at-arms; board of di
rectors—Messrs.- George F. Roberts, Martin
Hlnk, Nathan Bibo,.,Fritz Mueller. H. Kallman,
Val Schmidt. Captain Emanuel A. Lorenzo,
Bradbury and L. H. Kohn; delegates to the
Federation of Improvement Clubs of Western
San Francisco— A. G. Klelnert, Nathan Bibo,
H. Kallman, Frits Mueller, George F. Roberts
and Martin Hink. ¦ .
At a recent meeting of the Polk Street
Improvement "Club the following' officers
were selected to serve during the ensuing
term: • ¦¦;... ¦¦.*>>¦,-'¦;"
Polk-Street Improvement Club.
"The man who inaugurated the 'White
Boxer,' idea," Finsterbach said," "is un
known to the world as the chief of this
band and desires to remain so. The same
is true of all but a limited number of his
aids, and of these my wife and I are the
only ones in Chicago whose identity is
known. All that I can say la that the
head of the order Is a man of years and
education, who has traveled, studied and
thought until he came to the conclusion
that the Chinese and the blacks are to
come Into the ascendency In .the world's
affairs unless the . whites learn lessons
which will afford them protection.
"I am in charge here because this phil
osopher Is a boyhood friend of mine. The
project is backed by almost unlimited
wealth and is bound to extend. If I were
to mention the name of a millionaire phil
anthropist who is giving his money to
push it the city would be startled. He
is a resident of Chicago. There are
others of ' prominence here who have be
come Interested in the crusade against
the Chinese and negroes."
The three men in robes were Chicago
leaders of the "White Boxers,", an or
ganization pledged to resist the Mongo
lian and Ethiopian races, which they be
lieve threaten the existence of the Cau
casian portion of the world's inhabitants.
The only man in Chicago publicly Identi
fied with the movement who knows the
Boxer leader is Frank Finsterbach.
CHICAGO. July 7.— A tall man whose
deep voice was muffled by the folds of a
white mask that covered his face and
•whose body was enveloped in flowing
white robes stood on the rostrum in the
auditorium, at 77 Thirty-first street, this
afternoon. Behind him, sitting motionless
on the platform, were two other men sim
ilarly dressed. An. audience of 200 children
and half as many of their elders sat In
the auditorium while . the mysterious
speaker addressed them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
cago's Newest Secret
Organization.
"White Boxers" Chi-
OPPOSE COLORED
MAN AND COOLIE
' v- — -?— .
LONDON, July 8.— By far the most In
teresting comments upon the career of
Prince von Hohenlohe, many columns of
which appear in the London morning "pa
pers, are those of the Times, whoso Paris
correspondent makes important revela
tions regarding the dead statesman.
Among many confidential letters and
conversations attributed to him while Im
perial Chancellor is the following sum
mary of his estimate of Emperor Wil
liam: . ... .
-His greatest., falling .is that he does not
think there are any limits to his will. It is
impossible to tell beforehand where he will
be and what he will do. It often happens that
weeks pass without my seeing him. Then he
suddenly 'appears, and I am amazed at his
knowledge of the details of what is going on.
Regarding Emperor William's famous
telegram to Kruger at the time of the
Jameson raid. Prince von Hohenlohe said:
If the Emperor had known that Jameson had
so many sons of respectable English families
with him he would not have sent the telegram.
He thought Jameson had only flllibusters with
him,. and that it was an act of brigandage.
i *On his appointment to the Imperial
Chancellorship he wrote as follows:
- I 'know what a burden I am. taking upon my
old shoulders. I hope for nothing and am re
signed to everything
Important '., Revelations
Made Concerning
. T^Hohenlohe.
PRESS COMMENT
ON DEAD PRINCE
5
AD V EKTISEMEUTS.
TELEPHONE " #AX¥f|A
222-224 SUTTER ST.
COtJUTBY ORDERS SOLICITED.
special Eductions
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY.
Butter, choicest Creamery, square 33c
Ree. 40c. '
Eggs, finest, reg. 221c doz 20c
. Every one guaranteed.
Sand Soap, "Stryiers" 8cis25c
Reg. 6 cks. 25c. The genuine. Limit 50c.
Blackberry Brandy quart 65c
"Pure." L. L. & Co. Re*. 85c.
Res. 60c. Pint 35c
Claret gallon 35c
Same rood wln« as always. Hex. 50c.
While old stock lasts.
OliyeOil large bottle 48c
. "Lucca." Res. Kc. I* L. & Co.'a Im-
• - ported.
FlaYoring Extracts LL&Co/s
Vanilla— Re*. 25c, 20c; reg. 80c. 40o
Lemon— Res. 25c, 2Oc: res. 40c, 30c
Window Screens" 20c
Adjustable, solid oak frames. When
open 33 in. long:, 18 in. high. Reg. 30c.
35 In. lonsr, 24 in. high. Reg. 40c. 3()c
Fruit or Potato Press, Heinz 1 20c
Res. 35c
Ammonia Quart bottle 20c
"Washing, Greer*s. Res. 25c.
Listerine, Lambert's 65c
The only genuine.
Ginger Ale, "Pnritas 11 doz $1.20
Res. $1 35.
Root Beer, "Pnritas" ' doz $1.10
Reg-. SI 20. . • ¦
Full of BDorkle and life. We allow 15c
' on return of dozen empty Pur Has bot-
tles.
Cigars, Onr "Old Glory" 6c Cigar
A Ions, sweet smoke. • -
§ STRICTLY RELIABLE.
I MEN
L ONLY I
r R T FAR THE
<L* greater number of
V patients seeking relief
>w for so-called weakness
\JV are strong, robust men in
<S'' every other respect. Our
// theory that Loss of Vital-
ly Ity Prematureness, etc.,
eases, but the symptoms of in-
flammatory processes in the Prostate Gland
(so-called neck of bladder) caused by con-
tracted disorders and early dissipation, is now
being adopted by the Ieadlns specialists of th»
world. Under our local plan of treatment.
directed toward reducing the enlarged and
swollen Prostate, immediate results, as Indi-
cated by increased circulation and renewed
Etrensth, are observed. Our colored chart of
the organs, which we send free on application,
is interesting to any one wishing to study th»
anatomy of the male.
DR. TALCOTT & CO., 997 Market St.
J visit DR. JORDAN'S great*
IHUSEUM OF ANATOMY^
A . Q& 1051J£ASSSIST.t5t.6dit7i!i.C.P.C;l. . [
\ Of The Largest Anatomical Museum ta the \
A i^fl- |^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted / )
7 ft£rSl disease politicly eared hy the oldest '
© f5«| Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. ©
4 flSSfl DR * JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN , I
X I^S^H Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
I O JUWn Treatment personally cr by letter. A it
r i|jrn|| Positive Curt in every case ondertak en. '
i I T (I 11 A w rite '" Book - FHILOSOFBY of A
V • II |l" BARBUGG, MAILED FREE. (A X
A « U- valuable book for mm) \
V OB. JOBDAN A CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. P. Y
t DR PIERCES
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
I BB_OOD,LIVER,LUNGS>
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot, 323 Market.
AMUSEMENTS. •
VAUDEVILLITaT ITS BEST !
AURAS AND ALICE, GILBERT
AN3> GOI/DIE, rBVTKTG JONES,
CLAYTON" WHITE AOT> MARIE
STUART; PROSPER TROUPE,
BTBIM, BOMM, BRRR; LA
MOYNE BROTHJEES, THE BID-
GBAPH, EMUY LYTTON-, CHAS.
BOWSER AND COMPANY.
Reserved seats, 25c; balcony, 10c; opera chairs
and bcx seats. 50c.
Matinees Wednesday,- Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Beginning THIS MONDAY EVENING,
The T. DANIEL FRAWLEY CO. In
"William Gillette's Famous "War Drama,
Secret Service
The Greatest American Play Ever Written.
A W.onderful Cast. Including T. Daniel
Frawley, Mary Van Buren, E. J.
Morgan and Theodore Roberts.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday. - -i
Same Prices— 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c, 73c.
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 25c.
Next Week— "THE WHITE HEATHER."
BEMASCO a*b THALESjfcjflye?
t^ vnsnt c/ttmm/m
i Beginning TO-NIGHT. - All This Week.
• MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Second "Week— Engagement of
JAMES M.' BROPHY.
Elaborate production of William Gillette's
Great War Drama.
HELD by the ENEMY
A story of Love Amid the Shot and Shell of
Battle.
A SUPERB CAST.
ppipEC Evenings 10c. 15c, 25c. Sac, 50c
IfllWEO Matinees 10c. 15c. 25c
Next Week— "MICHAEL STROGOFF."
FISCHER'S concert house.
riOl/nfift O Admission lOc.
CHARITY MARTIN, SIG. G. S. WANRELL,
Oliver Carwn. Al Hazard, Viola Vignette.
Wren and Lynton, Kelcey Sisters, Wilson and
Black. .
. . Reserved • Seats, 25c. . Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EN NIGHTS.
Open Dally From 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN, 5c.
Bathing, including admission, 23c. Children, 20c.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
A CXKATJXY AGE.
Twentieth Century Ideas Incline
Toward Sanitation and Preren-
tatives.
Nowadays scientists believe that in
cleanliness lies the secret of prevention of
diseases.
To prevent a disease remove the cause
Just as unclean habits breed many dis-
eases, so careless habits will breed dan-
druff. Improper use. of another's brushes
combs, etc.. will surely cause dandruff
and. in time, will just as surely cause
baldness.
It's microbic infection, nothing more nor
less.
Xewbro's Herpidde kills the dandruff
eerm ar.d causes hair to prow luxuriantly
Herpicide is absolutely free from grease
or other Injurious substances.
©VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY (orMEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and youn?
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking-. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
ir.la. Pains in Back. EMI Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, pmm gp^ Vartcocele or Con-
etlpatlon. Stop Ne T~% SB rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects ZTZ.,J^— are immediate
Impart vij?or and *-=¦« « » potency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure it at
hand. Restore Email, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers; 50c a
box: 6 for 12 SO by mall. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes, cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO..
40 Ellis et, San Francisco. Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 38 and 40 Third et.
r% » T" f* r*» C\ 1 1 ¦ I Corner Fourth and
valises checked free.
03. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the cure of GONORRHEA, GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of the
Onrarus of Generation.
Trice Jl a bcrtle. . Tor sale by druggists.
: ADVEB.TISEMENTS.
Fels-Naptha soap is n^ore
than soap, and does easily what
soap does hard. ; i
Your grocer returns your
money if you don't like it.
Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
DR.HEYEHSICD. Jgj!|S%,
Specialists. Disease m&8?^ 1&
and weakness of ®p|# 1?
men. Established ISffig? '
1881. Con Bultatlon f ff*, *%m lg
and private book AHI. \
free, at office or by AJSg* j^S^ .
mail. Cures truar- K^WwMg
anteed.- 731 Mar- r^^^|f!¥
ket street (eleva- j&^WkiL-
tor entrance). San /(«o7 - !^^w ! 3>»
Francisco. ... 'V s ***t T^t^^
ABWAI'S KEADH BELIES 1 has stood
unrivaled before the public -for 60 years aa a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis, - - Pneumonia, • Rheumatism, Neuralgia,
Headache. ' Toothache and all pain. Internally
AMTrSTnVTENTS.
LEADING THEATRE
LAST-W.:t'K BUT 0N£!
THE MIGHTY MELODRAMA.
Every Evening Except- 5 j j\ I ! I J !
ing Sundays. Matl- UU
nees Saturdays Only. S Hi 1 I 1 . 3
CHARLES IJliSIJlIll
FROHMAN'S «J JL 1 JLF JLJ it
COLOSSAL
PRODUCTION 1 . -^^i
By Arrangement with ? JO
DAVID BELASCO,
Paul M. Potter's . . • BoBw
5- Act Drama on _> T _ -». m
Ouida's Famous Novel. 1 II fi D 1 g 1
Over 10O People. 1,1 111 1 !
Including LJ I II I V
BLANCHE RATES I JjilUU
as "CIGARETTE." *-*-* ¦«-» «^
SOUVENIR MATINEE
NEXT. SATURDAY.
Interesting Personal Souvenirs of Miss Bates
PRESENTED TO EftTIHE AUDIENCE,
— — — — — —^__________^^
*TIVQLI*
Evenlnis at 8. -Matinee Saturday at 2.
"THE JOLLIEST KIDS IN TOWN. AND
CROWDS ARE. FLOCKING TO
SEE THEM."
THE BABES
tjTc WOOD.
Book by Ferris Hartman.
SONGS AND JOKES FOR THE MILLION!
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
Telephone— Bush 9.
ffL't HEATR I./Ar
. TO-NIGHT.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
FIRST TIME AS LADY TEAZLE, Supported
by White Whittlesey. In
"THE SCHOOL
FOR SCANDAL''
Seats on Sale Six Days in Advance.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHUTESjvnd ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
P. RICHARDS. SPENCER KELLY. FLATT
AND SUTHERLAND, THE LA MONT3.
MEMPHIS KENNEDY. ARONSEN ANW
CHOATE. NEW COMIC MOVING PIC-
TURES. ,
LUNETTE,
THE MAID OF THE AIR.
Thursday Night, the Amateurs
IN A NEW NOVELTY.
Telephone" tor Seats — Park 23.
Upalace hotel^
Visitors to San Fntndsco who mako
their headauarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable Iocs.
tlon, courteous attaches and nnequaled
cuisine. American and European plans.
«»GRAND HOTEL*'
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OS" THi:
Fire Association
OF PHILADELPHIA. In the State of Penn-
sylvania, on the 31st day of December, A.
D. 1900, and for the year ending on that day,
as made to the Insurance Commissioner of th«
State of California, pursuant to ths provision*
of sections 610 and 611 of th» Political Coda.
condensed aa per blank furnished by the Com*
misstoner.
CAPITA!*
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up ta
Cash 1300,000 0»
« ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company $433,600 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages.... L5CS.313 S3
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3.072,428 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledgra
of Bonds, Stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral..; 85,149 «.
Cash in Company's Office 25.4S3S9
Cash in Banks 230,70190
Interest due and accrued on all ¦
Stocks and Loans 1 20,988 OS
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 42,081 23
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 838,263 53
Rents due and accrued 2.160 21
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 22,596 88
Total Assets $8,340,250 99
. LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $ 123,535 S3
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 144,839 90
Losses resisted, including: expenses.. 40.994 71
Gross Premiums on Fire Risks Run-
ning one year or less. {2.0S5.9S2 33;
reinsurance BO per cent 1,042,991 19
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $2,377,-
8S9 64: reinsurance pro rata L 263, 363 33
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual flre Insurance policies. 1.945.0T7 4)1
All other liabilities 346,573 37
Total Liabilities .$4,914,201 82
INCpME. '
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums - 12,912,667 71
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 107,244 70
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans, and
from all other sources. 137.862 65
Received for Rents 18.697 93
Received from all other sources.... 5.704 W
Total Income $3,181.977 53
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flre Losses
(including $294,808 23, losses of pre- -
vlous years) r $1,843,580 It
Dividends to Stockholders: .,... 200,00000
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage --- -. 638.671 73
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 237.723 23 •
Paid for State, National and Local
taxes 112.147 53
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures • •••- 137.092 21
Total Expenditures $3,139,220 93
Flre.
Losses Incurred during the year $1.797.230 55
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year - $304,327,744 $3,733.912 24
Net amount of Risk3 Bapywt
expired during the •
year 282,637,311 3.321,757 20
Net amount in force
December 31. 130O-... 410.6S1.756 4.793.767 96
~ I »E. C. IR-WT>». Prest.
M. G. CARRIGUES. Secy.
Subscribed and sworn to before mo this 25th
day of January. 1301.
. THOMAS B. ' PROSSER.
* Notary Public
J. M. BECK, Manager.
JNO. 0. RICHARDS, Mgr. S. F.Dapt.,
219 SANSOME STREET.
. San Francisco, CnUMONDAY, JULY 8.
TO SAIL.
ALAMEDA CRICKET CLUB.
R. B. Hogue, b. Dickson jg
G. J. Baugh, c. Coope, b. Howard 5
J. J. Morey, run out 26
F." Croll, b. Dlckson jg
B. Bird, not out 5
H. Ward Jr., c. and b. Howard...' g
W. G. Fortmann, not out 4
Leg bye 1, bye 1 2
Total for five wickets 90
F. Stahl, W. Richter, A. Brown and A. Willis
did not bat.
Runs at fall of each wicket — One for IS. two
for 56, three for 62. four for 78, five for 83.
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. M. W.
G. Dickson 126 22 11 2
W. Howard 109 56 —3 2
J. F. Coope 12 10 0 0
Visitors.
A team of Alameda cricketers under the
captaincy of R. B. Hogue journeyed to
Santa Cruz on. Saturday. Yesterday
Hogue won the toss and put the Santa
Cruz team in. All were out for 106, the
highest scorers being W. H. Howard, 24;
J. F. Cpope, not out, 20, and G. Dlck^on,
15. Harold Ward Jr. took five wickets
for 31 runs, and B. Bird three for 12 runs.
Alameda went to the bat with R. H.
Hogue and G. J. Baugh, the former scor
ing 26 and the latter 5. J. J. Morey also
made 26, and when time was called five
wickets were down for- 90 runs. The
match thus ended in a draw in favor of
the visitors. The full details follow:
SANTA CRUZ COUNTRY CLUB.
W. Howard, b. Ward Jr ; »4
A. Jenkins, b. Fortmann.i" 6
P. D. Gellatly, c. Flytmann, b. Ward Jr 4
H F Anderson, c. Bird, b. Ward Jr.... 9
G.' Dlckson, c. Willis, b. Bird ; 15
J. F. Coops* not out 20
E. F. Hilton, c. Morey, b. Bird o
E. H. Day, 1. b. w., b. Bird 2
K. .Tann, b. Stahl o
R V. Hardman, b. Ward.Jr 13
J. MacGrath. c. Baugh, b. Ward Jr. 0
Leg byes 2, byes 11 13
Totals 106
Runs at fall of each wicket— One for 26, two
for 36. three for 47. four for 52, five for 76, six
for 76, seven for 82, eight for 87, for 106
ten for 1C6. » '
SUMMARY OF BOWLING.
Bowler— B. R. . ,m. W
H. Ward Jr.../. 131 31 7 5
F. Croll 103 30 3 0
W. G. Fortmann 72 13 4 1
F. Bird 55 12 4 3
F. Stahl 18 7 1 j;
ALAMEDA CRICKETERS
PLAY AT CRUZ
Through Lack of Time Match Ends in
Draw in Favor of
LAST PRACTICE
FOR SHOOTERS
Riflemen at Shell Mound
Finish Monthly
Contests.
The Coming National Bund
Festival Creating Great
Interest.
The few days of practice that remain
for the local marksmen in their P re P^J^"
tion for the big shooting festival at Shell
Mound Park are made the most of by the
riflemen. That is why the ranges at
Shell Mound were crowded yesterday witn
eager and expectant shooters, all training
eye and hand for the many handsome
prizes offered by the National Shooting
Bund.
IX B. Faktor, August Fape, J. T>. Heise
and other prominent shots are doing worK
which, if repeated in the coming contests,
will win some of the best prizes.
The scores made yesterday showed great
improvement over those of the last few
months, and the bund officials expressed
themselves as much pleased with tne
present work of the local marksmen.
The Deutscher Krleger Verein, the Inde
pendent Rifles, the Verein Eintracht, Bat
tery D of the First Artillery, N. G. C. the
Nationals and Company D of the JMrst
Infantry, N. G. C. were the organizations
which held regular contests yesterdaj.
The scores were as follow:
Deutscher Krieger Verein, monthly medal
shoot-First champion class, G. Het^-1. 3S&.
isecond champion class. O. Dammer- 333 .first
class. J. Bender, 389: second class. X. Silber
zahn. 375; third class, C. Meyer, 2b2: fourth
class, J. Keoberle, 259; best first shot. O. Dam
mer. 23; best last shot. G. Hetzel, 24; most cen-
TeutscheV^KrieBer Verein. monthly bullseye
shoot— Prizes were won In the following order.
O. Dammer, H. Mohr, G. Hetzel, F. Kaiser. X.
Silberzahn, E. Bender.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoot— N.
Barto 26, Dr. W. A. Meierdierks 38. J. Noro
desha 34, W. A. Smith 24. R. V. Either 40 H.
Goetzen 35. C. Meierdierks 9. G. Mitchell 41, C.
Schmidt 33, H. Frederlckson 26. M. MoenninK
29 C Iverson 12 C. Herlng 34, Lieutenant H.
Hansen 2S. Lieutenant E. Moenning 33.
Verein Eintracht, monthly medal shoot-
Champion class. F. A. Kuhls, 411; first class
A. Stroh. 338; second class. C. Auer. 364: third
class. W. Ruhser, 338; best first shot. T. Bln
ner 25; best last shot. R. Stettin, 25.
Battery D, First Artillery, National Guard of
California, monthly medal shoot— Captain T. T.
Cunningham 44, P. L. Badt 43. F. N. Turton
40 G. F. Derning 41. F. P. Smith 36. F. Shep
ard 23. E. L. Hiteman 23. H. Gelde 26.
Nationals, monthly medal shoot — H. Mus
grave 45, L. W. Grant 43. C. Thompson 42, A.
H. Kennedy 43. V. Northrop 41. F. J. Povey 44.
J. W.. Cobby 41, A. S. Hatfleld 43, C. Goodetl
42. W. S. Grattan 42. H. W. Mitchell 44. W\
McQuiddy 40, W. D. Grant 44.
Company D, First Regiment. National Guard
of California, monthly medal shoot— Captain
Mathewson 35, Lieutenant Whitlow 23, Sergeant
Staples 38. Sergeant Fales 29, Sergeant Varney
35. Sergeant Russell 21, A. Mathewson 10. B.
Dagnin 10, A. Hintz 16, F. Tedtson 11. A. Tedt
son 20, J. Berg 26. H. Bender 37, B. Spillrr.an
19, J. Worthing 36. H. Miller 20, Corporal De
ver 23, J. McKeough 31. B. Blocfc 12. J. Koene
man 42. . A. Isaacs 30, C. Jenkins 22, B. Eattke
36, O. Heubner 25. L. Anthes 23.
Schuetzen Park Scores.
SAN RAFAEL, July 7.— There was a
large attendance of marksmen at the
Schuetzen Park ranges to-day and some
splendid scores were made. In the medal
shoot of the California Club A. Gehret
carried off the honors with the remark
able score of 443. W. Glinderman followed
him with 447. Great interest was mani
fested in the shooting, as many of the
riflemen expect to participate in the con
tests at Shell Mound next week. In the
San Francisco Grutli shooting section the
bullseye shoot was won In the following
order:
Charles Ott, E. Suter Jr., A. Gehret, T. Sim
men. A. Hinterman, A. von Wyl, O. Imdorf,
G. Orsl, C. Gut, J. Bachmann, F. Baumgarten.
The medal shoot in the California
Schuetzen Club section resulted in the fol
lowing sqore:
First champion class— C. Thierbach 220, 195;
A. Rahwyler, 207, 192: P. Jacoby. .185. 1S4; W.
Glinderman. 2ZS, 226; second champion class —
E. Ladd. 218. 215; C. Meyer. 214. 201; H. R.
Brown, 203, 191; Captain E. Klein. 197. 1S5; W.
Ehrenpfort, 180, 157: T. J. Carroll, 188. ISO: first
class— A. Gehret. 222, 227: A. Utschis. 163, 133;
second class— L. Reubold. 206. 197; Paul Bru
r.otte. 204. 200; A. Hampel, 201. 188: A. Breuss.
214; Captain F. Attinger. 202. 190; J. Kullman,
216, 205; A.Jungblut, 197: E. Woenne, 193. 155;
G. Ahrens, 167; A. \-on Wyl. 190. 1S6; G. Orsi,
194, 170; F. D. Smith. 192, 177; third class— G.
Rischmuller. 200, 198; R. Langer, 1S9, 178; J. C.
Waller. 137. 180: C. Sagehorn. 170. 150; M. Reu
bold, 153, 136; fourth class— G. Rischmuller Jr.,
163, 159j O. Orthland. 173, 128; E. Engelander,
135. 77; C. M. Brussau. 102, 84; S. H. Nesa. 76.
48; H. Eckhardd, 1*7, 159; F. Suter. 159. 169; J.
W. Stuhr. 154. 146; C. Zimmerman. 198. 150;
O. Ludwljr. 184. 179; cadets— F. Carroll, 171, 159;
R. Meyerhoffer, 151, 102; "W. "Woenne, 129.
COLUMBIA SCOBES.
A. H. Pape Does Great Work With.
Pin Bifle.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
Its regular shoot at Harbor View yester
day. The wind blew great gusts, but phe
nomenal shooting was done by A. H. Pape
with the pin rifle at 200 yards, making the
following ten-shot score: 3, 3, 4, 2, 6, 3, 3.
6, 2, 2 — 34, or a 3.4 inch ring average. This
score has been beaten but once, by him
self, and tied once by Young. Pape kept
tab on 100 shots to see how he would stand
on points, as he will shoot for King in the/
Bund. He made the phenomenal score of
208 "points,, German count. P. A. Becker
led with revolver, with the fine score of
38, only two points away from the club
record.
Scores in Columbia- target, offhand
shooting, rifle, 200 yards: Pape and Man
nel shot Young and Dorrell a flfty-shot
match. Young and Dorrell winning by a
margin of ninety points.
Revolver, fifty yards— P. A. Becker, 38,
51. 55, 65. 58; A. J. Brannagan, 40: Dr. H
W. Hunsaker. 73. 78; F. O. Young. 54, 61, 63
Pistol— F. O. Youngr, 43; Dr. Hunsalcer,
63.
22-caIlber rifle, fifty yards— C. Bach
mann ,33. 33, 37, 34. 44. 46, 45. 47.
A man carrying a baby is always an ob
ject of intense interest to every woman In
a street car, especially when the baby
cries.
Horace Egbert, who was booking at
Overland Park, took the train on Monday
for Chicago.
Sam Morten, who took Dick Havey's
place in the starter's box, has gone to
Gillette, where a four-day meeting lg to
be held, commencing July 4. After that
he will go to St. Louis.
F. E. MULHOLLAND.
Mission, Sweet Voice and the balance of
"Doc" Robbins' stable were shipped to
Montana. Owing to the illness of hi3
wife the "bone doctor" departed for Cali
fornia yesterday.
Undoubtedly the most likely harness
horse from California shown at the meet
was the pacer Harry Logan, owned by
Dr. Boucher of San Jose. He seems dos
sessed of all the speed of his dam. Miss
Logan, and is much more evenly temper
ed. He captured his race In rag-time
fashion.
Bowley & Nickells were unable to
land a purse with Foul Play. This -was
owing chiefly to the fact that Nickells
persists in doing- the firm's riding.
Frank McMahon took one purse with
Alaria and lost another because of the
slovenly ride furnished by Ellis. Frank
left for Montana with thirty, pounds of
excess baggage in the way of hard-luck
stories to settle for.
"Det" Bigelow of Woodland, Cal., ex
perienced no difficulty in annexing a
pacing event last week with the DiaDlo
mare Tags, which won in straight heats.
Bigelow has since been engaged to take
charge of the harness string of Judge
Colburn, the wealthy mining man of this
city and Colorado Springs.
. Most of the running-horse brigade
packed up their belongings and departed
for the Butte (Mont.) meet. Curly Shields
disposed of Summer to a local turfman
and will ship Jerid and Silver Dick back
to California. The latter is the speedy
little pony purchased from a Coloradon
for Walter Hobart. He can step the
panels off in lively fashion. .
Sam Merriweather's Derby winner. Fol
low Me, badly injured himself by running
into the fence ¦while -at the post one day,
and is now the property of Bob Austin,
a Denver h'orseman.
During the meet coast horses and horse
men more than held their own. Stambou
lette had the honor of trotting the fast
est mile (2:11). On the closing day the
son of Stamboul was a top-heavy favor
ite over Toggles and Trilby P to win the
2:10 trot, but "blew up" under the at
mospheric conditions and was never a
contender. Toggles, driven by the Fres
no relnsman, Cnarles Clark,- took the tirst
two heats and was then drawn owing to
lameness.
DENVER, July 3.— The meeting at
Overland Park closed on Satur
day last with over 5000 people in
attendance and an amateur "twister" as
a side-show feature. betting shed, a
light structure, -was blbwn down and over
twenty people suffered from broken bones
and limbs. For a time everything was in,
an uproar, but the bookmakers hastily
dragged their stands* from out the ruins
and • business was resumed as if nothing
had happened. Billy Connors, Veil known
in California as blockman for Joe Rose,
had a close call, just missing being struck
by a heavy piece of timber.
Mulholland Writes of Trot
ters and Runners in
the "West.
What California Horses
Did on the Denver
•Track.
TRACK GOSSIP
FROM OVERLAND
FROM SEATTLE.
SANTA CRUZ, July 7.— The baseball'
game between Santa Cruz and Salinas
was won by the home team. Score, 9 to 7
HOLLISTER. July 7.— Hollister. 9; No
bles, 8. Batteries— Mills and Ford, Cooney
and Peters.
HEALDSBURG, July 7.— Healdsburg
beat the Dan P. Carter ball team in the
last Inning of a splendid game. Score, 9
to 7. ¦' • .I.-
PETALUMA, July 7.— The Petaluma
baseball team won In a speedy, game to
day, beating Cloverdale by a score of 10
to 9. Wyckoff and Howard. Duff and Ad
cock were the . batteries. The Santa
Rosa league champions were beaten at
Geyservllle by a score of 8 to 2. This is
their first defeat. . f
Other Games.
office in this city He has made himself
extremely unpopular by his constant
kicking.
Householder brought his prize wagon
tongue and his eye with him and hit like
a demon this series. He is now second in
batting.
Hildy secured a home-run hit at Emery
ville in the morning game. This youth is
playing as good ball as the best man on
the German team:
Captain Reilly is in danger of walking
the streets for ten days and not being per
mitted inside a ball grounds during the
enforced vacation. He tried to 'take
Graves to task before the morning name
yesterday. - The umpire was game, and
there might have been "rough house". had
not "Ham" Iburg interfered. Graves re
ported the incident to President Moran of
the California League.
Spies was hit in the foot four times in
as many innings. He made faces each
time.
Brockhoff stubbed his toe against a rail
road tie and walked lame during the aft
ernoon game.
Charlie Graham's unerring throw to
second in the fourth robbed Bowman of
a base steal.
With the aid of a broom the Germans
tied the score in the fourth. Pabtt singled,
went to third on "Heiney" Krug's two
bagger and scared on Brock's throw in,
which struck the plate cleaner and car
omed away.
Nordyke's throwing from deep right was
a feature of the afternoon trouble.
The Germans lost two • runs by poor
base-running, which was -partly due to
ridiculous coaching by members of the
team.
Householder made a brilliant catch ' in
the morning game.
Hildy's clever throw In from left, doub
ling. Spies at the plate, was of the fine
order.
Hartwell earned his salary in the last
series. He pitched three innings in the
opening game, twelve innings in the after
noon of July 4 and ten innings on Satur
day. The- Germans secured a total of
twenty-one hits off his delivery.
Bowman and Householder robbed the
Germans of many hits by brilliant field
ing."
"Youngey" Johnson's sweet voice is
missed on the coaching line. Neither the
Dutch nor the Angels possess lusty shout
ers. and there was little noise during the
games. But we will have the comedian
with us th's week, as the Dudes and the
Angels will play here. The German ele
ment will debate with the Senators at the
capital.
Householder secured fifteen hits in the
last series. He is giving Courtney a close
race tor batting honors. Both men are
left stickers.
Charlie Reilly played the part of the
good Samaritan to Nordyke when the lat
ter skinned his face sliding to third.' Reil
ly is a "nice fellow" after all.
"Chimmie der Whale" pitched good ball
yesterday. The first time he went against
the Angels in the last series they pound
ed him all over the lot.
Hale proved an easy mark for the Ger
mans. ¦ • •
had scheduled cruises for yesterday and
Saturday, many of the white-winged era it
were out. On Saturday afternoon *.Uo
shooner Wave and the sloop Cygnus of
the San Francisco Yacht Club cruI.*eJ
from Sausalito to McNears Landing,
where they dropped anchor for the night.
The Corinthian sloops Harpoon and Freda
also came to anchor at the same spot.
Harry R. Slmpkins" yawl Tramontana re
turned to her moorings at Sausalito yes
terday after a stay of some weeks at
Santa Cruz and Monterey. The sloops
Nixie, Surprise, Thetis and Dewey, ami
the yawls Royal and Phyllis of the San
Francisco Yacht Club, the sloop Alert cf
the Californias, and several Corinthian
yachts were also under way. There was
a good breeze most of the. day, but, as a
flood tide was running in all the after
noon, the water was smooth and the 6a.il
ing enjoyable.
A complaint has been made that mem
bers of the San Francisco Yacht Club nr<»
wastefully using fresh water to wash
small boats and, as this is an expensive
commoditv in Sausalito at this season, a
notice forbidding the use of fresh wat.'r
for this purpose will % be posted at the
clubhouse. At the next meeting of the
board of directors of the San Francisco
Yacht Club it will be decided whether or
not- to proceed with the building of t!:-?
sloop from Crowninshield's plans, as it
is believed that the work can be done at
a lower 'figure than the estimate hitherto
made.
•5TACHTSMEN CRTJISE
ON SMOOTH WATERS
Though none of the three yacht clubs
Bowman is playing a great fielding
pame. His star catch of Krug's long fly
to left prevented the Germane from scor
iiXK in the first Inning-.
Ciarley ReilJy could never be elected to
STANDING OF THE*TEAMS. -V
i v Won. Lost. Pet
Fin Francisco 39 27 .591
Los Angeles ..,..31 .29 .517
fiacram»nto 28 33 .453
Oakland ...'. ~27 36 .42a
Notes of the Game.
Runs responsible for— Hodson L Haroer 1.
fwo-bat=e hits— Eaean, Devereaux. Sacrifice
hit— Sheehan. First base on errors—Sacra
mento o. First base on called balls— Hodson 4
Jisrper 2. l>ft on bases— Oakland 3. Sacra
»ncr.to S. Struck out— By Hodson 5, by Har
per 5. Double plays— Devereaux (unassisted)
Courtney to Devereaux to Hanlon. Time of
fame — 1 hour and 4i minutes. Umpire Lew
Scorer— Rutherford. . 1.
Totals 22 2 2 2 27 10 0
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 1 0 0 0 0 0—1
Baee hits 1 0 0 2 0 0 11 0—5
Bncramento 0 0 10 10 0 0 0—2
Base hits , 0 0 0 110 0 0 0—2
SUMMARY.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Ptreih. r. f 4 0 1 0 3 1 o
Dunleavy, 1. f ...4 1 0 6 3 0 0
Drenaan. c. t 4 0 10 10 0
nat?a.n. lb 4 « 2 0 9 0 0
Francks--, es 2 0 0 0 3 4 0
Arrcllines. 2b 3 0 0 0 1 3 2
Lohman. c 3 0 0 0 6 11
Moore, 3b 2 0 0 0 0 2 3
llodson. p 3 0 10 110
Total! 29 1 5 0 27 12 *6
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Deverccux. ss S 0 l o 3 4 0
?.fcLaug:hlin, 1. f 3 0 0 0 2 0 0
Cnrtney, 2b 3 0 0 0 3 2 0
Dny'.e., r. f 4 0 0 0 1 0 0
McGucken. c 1 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Hanlon, lb 4 0 10 9 0 0
Ptanley. c 3 10 16 10
Fh-.K-haa, 3b 2 10 10 10
Harper, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
OAKLAND.
Close but Slow Game Played at Sac-
SACRAMENTO. July 7.— Sacramento
won a close but slow game from Oakland
by a score of 2 to L Harper for Sacra
mento and Hodson for Oakland pitched
great ball, and that the. score at the end
of the ninth was not a tie was due to the
wonderful jugglery of Moore at third
Levy's work at umpiring was faultless
and could not have been improved upon.
The score:
ramento.
SENATORS WIN.
Runs responsible for — Iburg- 2, Jones 4. Home
run— Hildebrand. Three-base hit— Bowman.
Two-base hits— Pabst, Householder. Sacrifice
hits— Iburg, C. Reilly. First base on errors—
L«s Angeles 1. San Francisco 1. First base on
called ballr.— Los Angeles 2. San Francisco 2.
Left on basee— Los Angeles 4, San Francisco 3
Struck out— By Iburg 3, by Jones 4. Hit by
pitcher— Graham. Double plays— Krug to
Schwartz to Pabst; Hildebrand to Graham.
Passed ball — Spies. Time of game — One hour
and thirty-five minutes. Umpire— Graves. Of
ficial sccrer— H. S. McFarlln.
SUMMARY.
Los Anpreles 00100009 1 — 2
Base hits 1 0 2 1 0 0 00 2—6
San Francisco 0 0 2 0 0 0 0 4 •— 6
Base hits 00300203 •— 8
Totals 31 2 6 0 24 11 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, cf 4 0 10 2 0 0"
Hildebrand. If 4 110 3 10
Schwartz, 2b 2 10 0 3 2 1
Pabst. lb 4 1 2 0 9 0 0
Krug, es 4 12 0 13 0
Kordyke. rf 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
J. Reilly, 3b 4 110 15 0
Graham, c 2 110 5 0 0
Iburg, p 2 0 0 0 0 1 0
Totals 30 6 * 0 27 12 1
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff, rf 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Reitz. 2b 4 0 1 0 3 2 0
Householder, cf 4 1 2 0 2 0 0
Spies, c 3 0 0 0 4 1 0
Hutchinson. lb 3 0 1 0 7 0 1
C. Reilly, Sb 3 0 1 0 3 5 J
Kcl!y. ss 4 0 0 0 3 2 1
Bowman, If 3 1 1 0 0 0 0
Jones, p 3 0 0 0 0 10
Jones suffered two bad innings at Oak
land yesterday morning. In the third th»
locals fell rpon him for three hits and,
scored a brace cf runs. The eighth inn
ing clinched the game for the Wasps.
Jones' delivery suffered more punishment,
ar.d a few errors added four runs to Frls
cos' score. The game was a fast one. The
score:
San Francisco G, Ixss Ang-eles 2.
MORNING GAME.
In the third irning Los Angfeles got a
ring from the scorer. Rcitz, safe on first
by Krug's error, went to third on some
ragged throw-Ing and scored on a hit by
Spies. The boy at the board had no fur
ther work on Los Angeles' account.
The locals enjoyed three fruitful innings.
but the fourth brought enough to win out.
Pabst went to first on a hit, and a long
drive by Ivrugr scored him. Then Reilly
came into the play on Hutchfnson's error,
Krug scoring on a feast of bad throwing.
In the sixth and seventh the locals scored
Blngrle runs. The score;
SAN FRANCISCO.
. AB. It. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Croll, cf 5 0 10 10 0
Hildebrand. rf 3 0 0 14 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 0 2 2 0 7 4
Pabst. lb 4 1 2 0 11 0 0
Krug, es 4 110 5-32
Xordyke, rf 4 2 2 13 10
J. Reilly, 3b 4 0 2 0 2 2 1
Graham, c 4 0 2 0 110
Whalen, p 4.0 0 0 0 2 J
Totals 36 4 12 4 27 16 4
LOS ANGEL.ES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhoff. rf 4 0 0 0 1.00
Reltz, 2b 4 110 110
Householder, cf 4 0 2 0 4 1 0
Spies, c 3 0 10 4 10
Hutchinson. lb 4 0 0 0 5 0 1
C. Reilly, 3b 4 0 0 0 3 2 1
Kelly, ss 4 0 2 0 13 1
Bowman. If 3 0 2 0 5 1 0
Halo, p 3 0 0 0 0 10
Totals S3 1 8 0. 24 10 3
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 0 0 0 2 0 1 0 1 • — 4
Base hits 11121312 •— 12
Los Anpeles 001000000—1
Base hits 121110110—8
; SUMMARY.
Run? responsible for — Hale 2. Two-base hits —
Knur. Xordyke. Graham. First base on errors —
Ban Francisco 2, Log Ansreles 3. First base on
called balls— Los Angeles -1. Left on bases-
Pan Francisco Z, Los Angeles 4. Struck out—
By Hale 1. Hit by pitcher— Hildebrand.
Double play — Whalen to Krug to Pabst. Time
ef game — One hour and thirty-five minutes.
Umpire— Graves. Official scorer— McFarlin.
It was a game of deaths between the
bases, ar.d errors redeemed, just the kind
that Is pleasing to the multitude. The
last "of the series was played before a
packed house and a noisy one at that.
A crackling sort of game It was yester
flay afternoon between the Angels and the
Wasps at Recreatiop grounds— one which
had plenty of life to It and was crowded
with uncertainty to the very end. Both
Whalen and Hale were hit freely enough
and hard, yet but one run was registered
for Los Angeles and four for the local
team.
San. Francisco 4, Los Angeles 1.
the Bay.
Fast, Crackling Baseball Is
Seen on Both Sides of
Wasps Continue Win
ning' Pace Against
Southerners.
WEEPING ANGELS
LOSE TWO GAMES
J. White and E. Curley . 21 19 21' IS 21
J. Riordon and J. Harlow 17 21 16 21 13
The handball games played yesterday
at the Occidental Club court resulted as
follows: A. Woelfell and W. Glidden de
feated B. Clark and M. Dolan 21-19, 16-21.
21-14: G. Kelly and J. Howard defeated
T. Holland and V. Holland 21-10, 17-21,
21-10; W. Gainey and J. PI. Kennealy de
feated Dr. N. Wackhorse and J. Flynn
21-14, 16-21. 21-11; J. Ennis and V. Devine
defeated W. Rancell and J. Griffen 21-19,
14-21, 21-17; F. Mulinux and A. Hansen de
feated H. McNevin and J. Sullivan 21-1S,
15-21, 21-16; G. B. Hayward and J. Condon
defeated A. McVicker and F. J. Lydcn
21-1$, 10-21. 21-12; W. Collins and J. D. Ma
honey defeated E. Antron and J. Brady
21-13. 11-21. 21-11; A. Collins and G. Cun
ningham defeated L. Kenney and W. Ja
cobs 21-17. 19-21, 21-17. *
M. M. Guthrie and T. Foley i21 19 21
E. White and W. Johnson......; 19 21 17
"W. Williams and D. Connelly.. 21 -12 21 15 21
M. Joyce and \V\ Walsh 9 21 13 21 1&
W. H. Egran (Livermore cham
pion) and J. Ward 21 21 17 14 21
E. J. Sweeney and XV. Ward 11 13 21 "21 16
T. Serres and J. Broyer.........21 16 21 21. 21
W. Johnson and G. 'Green ..10 21 IS 19 20
Kd White and W. H. Sieberst 21 14 21
W. H. Kedian and J. J. Kavanaugh..l3 21.18
G. McDonald and M. McDonald.... 21 16 21 21
XL McNeil and J. Manlon 19 21 10 17
M.' Dillon and E. Maloney 21 21 17 12 21
G. Ilutchinson and P. Kelly 13 15 21 21 ID
Other scores are:
T. Finn and J. McNamara ."..21 21 21
J. Manning- and W. Cumminga .16 18 20
The San Francisco Handball Court re
sounded, yesterday -with cheering- and the
plaudits of a crowd that packed the gal
lery while the championship games were
In progress.
Again J. Collins demonstrated his supe
riority over W. Magoiire by defeating- him
for nrst class honors. The score at the
end stood 61 for Collins against 40 for Ma
guire. Second class honors went to F.
Leach, with 51 aces against 38 by R. Mur
phy. Both contests were -spirited and
hard fought.' .. •
Courts.
Warm Day in the San
Francisco Handball
COLLINS WINS
CLASS HANDBALL
?
Defeats Maguire in the
Final Game for Top
notchers.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JULY 8, 1901.
I>ife is an enigma, and when the sol
dier's body is riddled with bullets he is
tor/iad to. ficlve it UP.
Personal.
.Colonel John Bradbury and wife arrived
in this city yesterday morning from Los
Angeles and are stopping at- the Palace
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
i ¦¦ . Sunday, July. 7.
Etmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 14 hours from Green
wood. .— * s . - .
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund, 13 houra from
Point Arena. , :
BERLIN, July 7.— In the bicycle compe
titions for the world's championships
which began here to-day, the 100-kilometre
.amateur championship race was won bv
Robl of Munich in ?S 1-10 minutes Bon
heurs of Paris fell early in the race and
was seriously injured. V • "
Bobl Wins, Bonheurs Palls;
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and - the' successive tides , of . the
day in -the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when . there*are .but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on. the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when- a
minus ( — )• sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference is
the mean of the lower low waters.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and. Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Sun, Moon and Tide.
; The British ships Sierra; Estrella and
Monkbarns both sailed for Queenstown
yesterday." Both ' came down from Port
Costa loaded with -wheat last Saturday,
and when Captain Farmer of the Sierra
Estrella met Captain McNeeley of the
Monkbarns ashore he at once offered to
bet a new hat that his vessel would be
first to reach the English coast. Captain
McNeeley at once took the bet, andUhen
covered one or two others that were made
on the side. Both vessels towed to sea to
gether and discharged their pilots at the
same time. When last seen they were
home'ward bound, with j every stitch of
canvas they could carry set and a breeze
piping forty miles an hour behind them. •
Besides the grain vessels the barks S. C.
Allen for Honolulu and Levl G. Burgess
for Tacoma also went to sea. For a "time
the Allen - kept " the . Sierra Estrella ) and
Monkbarns company :and when last seen
seemed to have the best of the run. ,
Will Bace to England.
The Curacao took away the following 1
named passengers: Professor Emory
Smith of the University of California, M.
T. Wholey, S. B. Cole, Mexia,, C." C.
Thorns, H. H. Holly, Mrs. T. Fisher and
L. T. Scott. Professor Smith is going to
Magdalena Bay on a scientific expedition
and -will probably come home on the re
turn trip of the steamship. Messrs. Who
ley, Thorns, Holly and Scott are going to
Mazatlan, Mr. Cole to La Paz, Mexia to
Guaymas and Mrs. Fisher to San Jose del
, Cabo.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Curacao sailed 'for Mexican ports yester
day morning. The. harbor police were on
hand and a thorough search of the vessel
was made for Francisco Cassio. alias
Frank Swain, the man who has run away
with his 4-months-old baby. His wife was
there also and told .the officers the man
could go and ¦ welcome if she could' only
get back her baby. No trace of the man
could be found, and the police are now
satisfied that he is hiding, in -the city.
Departure of the Curacao.
The ship Glory of the Seas sailed for
Coraox, B. C, on Saturday afternoon.
Outside the wind fell light and no head
way could be made. At 10:30 p. m. 'the
pilot-boat Gracie S came out of the fog,
and before she could be put about , had
ranged up alongside the ship. After some
maneuvering the vessels were separated,
and a breeze springing up the Glory of
the Seas was put on her course and the
Gracie S.came In for repairs. The latter
lost her port main topmast backstay and
some of her railing. The damge to the
ship is not known, but it is thought to be
slight.
The schooner J. G. Wall left here for
Eureka last Friday. No progress could
be made owing to a head wind, and at 3
p. m. yesterday Captain Anderson found
himself off Point Reyes. It was blowing
about fifty miles an hour at the time, and
all of a sudden the band of the main sheet
block carried away. In consequence the
jaws of the main boom broke, the main
sail tore away and the port rail went by
the board. The schooner was crippled, and
all the captain could do was to put about
and run fo» San Francisco: It will take
several days to repair damages, and then
the J. G. "Wall will sail again for Hum
boldt Bay.
The schooner Glen, bound out, yesterday
afternon was in collision with the Brit
ish ship John Cook. The latter is at an
chor off Meiggs wharf and the schooner
was beating out. Nearing the ship the
captain attempted to go about, but the
schooner missed staya and crashed into
the Cook. The schooner's standing rig
ging caught on the ship's anchor and a
tug had to be sent to separate the two.
The Glen was badly damaged about the
rigging, part of her bulwarks and rail
were carried away and the satis were torn.
The damage to the ship was slight. - It
will be several days before the Glen can
go to sea. ¦
There were two accidents outside and
one in the bay Saturday night and yes
terday. None of them were very serious
and a few hundred dollars will repair the
damages. . ,.
NEW YORK-Arrlved July.7-Stmr Menom
lnee, from London : stmr La Normandle from
Havre; stmr Potsdam, from Rotterdam: stmr
Peninsula, from Lisbon, via Azores '
DOVER— Passed July 7— Stmr Grosser Ker
west, from Hamburg, for New York.
ANTWERP-Arrived July 7-Stmr Vader
land, from New York. - . '. .
MO VILLE— Arrived July 7-Stmr City of
Rome, from New York, for Glasgow .
• GIBRALTAR-Sailed July 7-Stmr Trave
from Genoa and Naples, for New York a '" i '
July 7-Stmr Um
bria. from .Liverpool, for New York
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived July " 7 _ stmr
Waesland, . from Liverpool . and" Queenstown
stmr Corean, from Glasgow and Liverpool via
St Johns, N F, and Halifax, N S. .
OCEAN STEAMERS.
TACOMA— Sailed July 7— Stmr Prosreso, for
San Francisco; Br stmr Pak Ling, for Seattle.
ASTORIA-Sailed July 7-Stmr Alliance,- for
San Francisco; stmr Columbia, for San Fran
cisco. -.
EUREKA— Arrived July 7-Stmr Pomona,
hence July 6. •
Sailed July 7— Stmr laqua, for San Fran
cisco, j
SAN PEDRO— Arrived July 7— Schr Orient
from Grays Harbor.
NEAH BAY— Passed out July 7— Br stmr
Victoria, from Nanaimo, for San Francisco
stmr Matteawan. for San Francisco' stmr
Senator, for Nome.
SEATTLE— Arrived July 7— Stmr City of Se
attle, from Skasruay. •
Sailed July 6— Stmr Senator, for Cape Nome
stmr Dolphin, for Skaguay. '
_ BANDON — Arrived July 7— Schr Albion,
hence June 24.
GRAiS HARBOR— Sailed July 6— Stmr Grace
Dollar, for San Francisco. July 7— Stmr New
burjr. for San Francisco. /
DUBLIN BAY, Alaska— In port June 21—
Bktn Fremont, with 30 M codfish; schr'Stan
ley with about 30 M codfish; schr Mary Ida
with about 11 M codfish; brie Harriet G and
schr Arago. ...
DOMESTIC PORTS.
POINT LOBOS, July 7. 10 ,p m-Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 32 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
Per stmr Signal, from Columbia. River July
7— July 4. at 9 pm, 5 miles oft Cape Blanco,
broke tall shaft. Came Into port under sail.
MEMORANDUM.
Schr J G Wall, Anderson, hence July 5 for
Kureka, July 7. at a m. when off Point
Reyes, the band on main sheet block carried
away, broke jaws of main boom, tore away
mainsail and carried away port iron rail.
RETURNED.
Sunday, July. 7.
Sunday, July 7.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Dieso.
Stmr Geo W Elder, .Randell, Astoria.
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, Guaymas, etc.
Stmr North Fork, Fosen, Eureka.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson, Grays Harbor.
• Stmr Samoa, Hansen. Usal.
J3r ship Monkbarns, McNeeley, Queenstowh
Br ship Sierra Estrella, Farmer, Queens
town. ..¦¦<¦.
Bark S • C Alleni Johnson, Honolulu.
Bark Levi G Burgess. Younggren, Tacoma.
Schr Melancthon, Olsen, Willapa Harbor.
SAILED.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 63 hours from'WIllapa
Harbor.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, 4S hours from Coos
Bay, via Port Orford 40 hours.
Stmr Giasy, Smith, 24 hours from Moss
Landing:.
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, 63 hours from New
port and way ports.
Stmr Eureka, Jessen, 22 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Sisrnal, Bendesraard, 4 days from Co
quille River.
Br ship Enselhorn, Lovitt, 9 days from Royal
Roads. ¦¦¦-..
Schr Repeat. Olsen, 5 days from Knappton.
Schr Ida McKay, Lethola, 36 hours from Eu
reka. . . V
Schr Volant, Carter, 3yi days from Coos Bay
Schr Uranus, Peterson, XI day3 from Dublin
Bay, Alaska.
Schf Rio Rey, Hansen, 24- hours from Men
docino.
Schr Jennie Griffin,. Campbell" 4 hours from
Point Reyes.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
desa;
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
Fourth round — America beat Castaway, 7-4;
Palo Alto beat Cold Shivers, 6-0: Flying Fox
beat Vandal. 17-13; Sir Pasha beat Lady Clare.
2-0; Narcissus beat Liberator, 7-4; Wedgewood
beat Anchor. 6-5; Dewdrop beat For Glory, 3-2;
Harlean Gladys a bye.
Fifth round — America a bj'e; Palo Alto beat
Sir Pasha, 3-2; Wedgewood beat Narcissus,
7-5: Dewdrop beat Harlean Gladys, 5-4.
Sixth round — America beat Wedgewood, 23-7;
Dewdrop beat Palo Alto. 12-9.
Deciding course— America beat Dewdrop, 5-4.
Sapling stake, third round— A. R. Curtis'
Rowena beat C. Graham's Emln Bey, 12-8; G.
Graham's Lady Newark beat A. R. Curtis'
Morena, 7-4. • t
Deciding course— Rowena beat Lady Newark,
12-8. • •
. t ¦ ¦ .
Boy, 6-0; Pasha Kennels' For Freedom beat
E. N. Whlteside's Greenback, 12-4.
Third round — Castaway beat Bonnie Pasha,
3-0 : America beat Mose, 3-0; Palo Alto beat
Frisco Lad, 8-0; Cold Shivers beat Vulcan, 3-2;
Vandal beat War Eagle, 4-0; Flying Fox beat
Rocker, 4-1; Lady Clare beat Johnnie R, 8-3;
Sir Pasha beat Ireland. 3-2; Narcissus beat
Ollta. 3-2; Anchor beat Tyrone Prince, 3-0;
Liberator beat King Cotton. 16-7; Wedgewood
beat Little Sister, 4-0; For Glory beat Luxor,
2-0; Dewdrop beat Agamemnon, 5-0; Harlean
Gladys beat For Freedom, 4-3.
*- : ,
"Wedgewood at 4 to 1, Dewdrop at 3% to 1
and Mose at 2 to 1; Dewdrop beat Palo
Alto at 4 to 1; Liberator beat King Cot
ton at 2 to 1; Vulcan beat Santonin and
was beaten by Cold Shivers at 5 to 3; Van
dal beat Fine Fire, Johnnie R beat Best
Bargain, Narcissus _ beat Real Article,
Liberator beat Bona Fide and, Castaway
beat Bonnie Pasha at 5 to 4. /
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, second round— Russell & Allen's
Castaway beat P. M. Curtis' "Warpath,. 8-4; E.
Geary's Bonnie Pasha beat L. M. Connell'.s
White Hat, 4-1; E. Geary's America a bye;
E. Geary's Palo Alto beat Captain Clarkson's
Golden Garter, 11-7; Yosemite Kennels'^ Mone
beat George Sharman's St. Ives 6-2; E. M.
Kellogg's Frisco Lad beat J Dowling's Sir
Lawrence. 3-2; Sterl & Knowles' Cold Shivers
beat J. Caesar's Kanaka, 4-2; A. R Curtis'
Vulcan beat Chiarini Brothers' Santonin. 3-0:
P. M. Curtis' War Eagle beat J. Markland's
The Grafter. 4-2; T. J. Cronin's Vandal beat
Aeneid Kennels' Fine Fire. 3-0; Pasha Ken
r.els' Rocker beat F. S. Price's Brutus, 8-4:
A. R. Curtis' Flying Fox beat J. Moriarity's
Kittleman. 4-1; D. J. Healey's Lady Clare beat
E. M. Kellogg's Sweet Emma, 5-2; T. J.:JIe-
Ir erney's Johnnie R beat L. F. Bartels" Best
Bargain. 4-0; F. A: McComb's Sir Pasha beat
Russell & Allen's Strayaway, 6-2; E. Geary's
Ireland beat F. A. McC?mb's Patriot, 10-4; P.
b- - ¦ -^ UGENE GEARY'S America won
¦Jr. first prize in the 120-dog open
*> stake yesterday at Union Park,
M beating Cbiarinl Bros.' Dewdrop
in the deciding course by a single
point. It was a day of coursing luck for
the winner". He was given a bye in his
first course because of the withdrawal of
Rector. In the third round he beat Mose,
,a 2 to 1 favorite, pointless, and, after get
ting the decision from Castaway, another
bye fell to his lot, Flying Fox, who* was
to have met him, being unable to respond
on account of previous hard work. To'
offset these accidental byes America ran
rings around Wedgewood in the semi
final, though the betting was 4 to 1
against him, and won the longest course
of the day. This made it look a cinch that
Geary's kennel would finish one two, but
Palo Alto, the stake favorite and a 1 to 4
choice for his course, could not fulfill pre
dictions, and lost to Dewdrop. ¦
After his severe exercise with Wedgre
wood America was ugured" as out of
the running, and as Dewdrop 1 has
been at the bottom, of the card
quite often of late the talent set
the odds at 7 -to 2, with America on
the short e.nd. From the slips, it looked
easy for Dewdrop, but out in the field
America joined in and did his best. When
the flag went up it told that a new stake
winner was added to the list, for Amer
ica in winning had graduated from the
maiden class. Aside from the hard usage
accorded them in the last rounds the tal
ent had a pcod day of it.
Harlean Gladys was a factor until at the
finish of the fifth she lost to the, runner
up, score 5 to 4. For Freedom beat Green
back and lost to Harlean Gladys by a
point. Cold Shivers won two courses, the
second against Valean, a 5 to 3 favorite.;
The sapling stake was won by Rowena,
A. R. Curtis' Fetter Free-Cash young
ster. Lady Newark was the runner-up.
The day's short ends were America beat
FOUR VESSELS IN COLLISION ON BAY
SPORTS: COURSING, SHOOTING, BASEBALL, HANDBALL,
Palo Alto, the Favorite,; Is Put put by the Runner=
Up===Rowena First in the Sapling Class.
AMERICA BEATS FAST DEWDROP
IN THE FINAL OF OPEN STAKE
M. Curtis' Narcissus- beat Pasha Kennels' Real
Article. 3-2; Sterl & Knowles' Ollta beat Pasha
Kennels* Royal Anne, 7-4; P. M. Curtis' Anchor
beat Russell & Allen's Spiteful. 4-3; J. P.
Thrift's Tyrone Prince beat P. M. Curtis' Mc-
Kinley, 5-1; P. Doyle's . Liberator beat F. A.
McComb's Bona Fide. 4-0; A. B. Curtis' King
Cotton beat A. Vanderwhite's Lear King. 8-2;
P. Jones' Wedgewood beat Pasha Kennels'
Roberts' Army, 5-0; F. A. McComb's Little
8ister beat Pasha Kennels' Roman Athlete,
6-0; A. R. Curtis' Luxor beat P. J. Reilly's
Royal Union. 5-0; Sterl & Knowles' For Glory
beat A. R. Curtis' Candelaria. 6-0; Aeneid
Kennels' Agamemnon beat' Russell & Allen's
Daisy Clalr. 14-1; Chiarlnl Brothers' Dewdrop
beat P. Jackson's Honor Bright, 4-0; F. Jone?'
Harlean Gladys beat Thomas Mahcr's Bad
COURSING SCENES AT UNION
PARK DURING RUN-DOWN OF
BIG STAKE. •
6
I
Sun rises 4:54
Sun sets 7 : ?,S
Moon rises (third quarter)., 11:28 p. m.
Time Time Tlmel Time
Date — — Ft. Ft. *— I Ft. — Ft.
H W L, W H W ' L. W
8 .. 4:11 4.3 9:56 1.4 4:44 5.6 11:14 1.2
9,.. 5:30 4.0 10:4S 1.8 5:34 5.8....
L W H W L W H W
10 ... 0:24 0.7 7:01 3.9 11:46 2.3 6:23 6.0
11... 1:30 0.1 8:.21 3.9 ,12:4<i 2.6 7:16 6.2
12... 2:26—0.4 9:23 4.2! 1:45 2.8 8:09 6.4
IS... 3:201— O.Sl 10:26 4.51 2:441 2.8-9:03 6.5
14 ¦¦ 4:10|-1.0| ll:16| 4.7| 3:40| • 2.8| . 9:55 6.4
Steamer. From.
Noyo ....... Cayucos
Corona San Diego
Luella San Diego ;
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael...
Milton Nanalmo .-.
Pomona Humboldt
Leelanaw n. Y. via Panama
Nippon Maru.. China and Japan.......
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
Matteawan Tacoma
O. Dollar Grays Harbor
Acme Siualaw River
Progreso Tacoma
Empire......... Coos Bay
Newburg Grays Harbor
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma
Despatch San Pedro
Newport.'.. Panama & Way Ports.
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael...
Mackinaw...... Seattle
Santa Rosa.... San Viego
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.....
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay..
Zealandia .. Honolulu
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts
Point Arena.... Point Arena .'.
From.
July 8
July S
July 8
July 8
July 8
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 10
July 10
July 10
July 10
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 12
July 12
July 12
Due,
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
| Pier.
Noyo. . .
W. Kruger...
Santa Barb...
Area ta.. ......
Point Arena..
San Jose
San Pedro....
Ammon '
Doric :.
Eureka
Bonlta
Kmplre..
Rlva!
St. Paul......
City of Puebl
Corona — ....
. July 8. '
Humboldt ....:.|
Tillamook Bay.: ....
Humboldt' r.
Coos Bay
Point' Arena :
Panama & Way... I
July 9.
Humboldt
Hamburg- & "Way..
China and Japan..
Humboldt
San Pedro
July 1O.
Coos Bay ...:.
Willapa Harbor ..|
Nome & St Michael
Puget Sound Ports
San Diego ..-.
July 11.
Seattle & Falrhavn
Seattle & Tacoma..]
Humboldt I
Tillamook Bay
Sydney & Way Pts.
Jnly 12.
Portland. & Astoria.
Manila v. Pgt Sd.
Grays Harbor ....
Grays Harbor ]
[12 "ml
4 pm
4 pm
4 pm
2 pm
12 m
10 am
12 m
1 pm
9 am
9 am
5 pm
5 pm
2 pm
11 am
'9 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 5
Pier 13
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier i:
5th St.'
Pier 34
Pier S
Pier 11
Despatch.....
Czarina..
Pomona......
Acme...
Ventura......
5 pm
12 m
1:30 pi
3 pm
10 am
Pier 16
Pier 5
Pier t
Pier 15
Pier 'i
Columbia.....
Alproa. ..'......
O. Dollar.:...
Newburg....:
11 am
¦ 1 pm
5 pml
5 pm!
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 5
Pier !
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Queen......
City of Seattle.
Bertha..........
Portland
Cottage City...
Victorian V..
Dirigo i
Alki.. ..:........
City of Topeka
Skaguay & Way Ports. July 9
Skaguay & Way Ports. July. 0
Valdez & Way- Ports... July 10
Nome & St. Michael.... July 10
Kkagruay & Way Ports. July 12
Skaguay & Way Ports. July 13
Skaguay : & Way Ports. I July 14
Rkaguay & Way Ports, I July 14
Skaguay & Way Ports. | July 19
Sun rises 4:54
Sun sets 7 : ?,S
Moon rises (third quarter)., 11:28 p. m.
Time Time Tlmel Time
Date — — Ft. Ft. *— I Ft. — Ft.
H W L, W H W ' L. W
8 .. 4:11 4.3 9:56 1.4 4:44 5.6 11:14 1.2
9,.. 5:30 4.0 10:4S 1.8 5:34 5.8....
L W H W L W H W
10 ... 0:24 0.7 7:01 3.9 11:46 2.3 6:23 6.0
11... 1:30 0.1 8:.21 3.9 ,12:4<i 2.6 7:16 6.2
12... 2:26—0.4 9:23 4.2! 1:45 2.8 8:09 6.4
IS... 3:201— O.Sl 10:26 4.51 2:441 2.8-9:03 6.5
14 ¦¦ 4:10|-1.0| ll:16| 4.7| 3:40| • 2.8| . 9:55 6.4
Steamer. From.
Noyo ....... Cayucos
Corona San Diego
Luella San Diego ;
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael...
Milton Nanalmo .-.
Pomona Humboldt
Leelanaw n. Y. via Panama
Nippon Maru.. China and Japan.......
Columbia Portland and Astoria..
Matteawan Tacoma
O. Dollar Grays Harbor
Acme Siualaw River
Progreso Tacoma
Empire......... Coos Bay
Newburg Grays Harbor
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma
Despatch San Pedro
Newport.'.. Panama & Way Ports.
Conemaugh.... Nome & St. Michael...
Mackinaw...... Seattle
Santa Rosa.... San Viego
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.....
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay..
Zealandia .. Honolulu
Arequlpa Valparaiso & Way Pts
Point Arena.... Point Arena .'.
From.
July 8
July S
July 8
July 8
July 8
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 9
July 10
July 10
July 10
July 10
July 11
July 11
July 11
July 12
July 12
July 12
Due,
Steamer.
Destination.
I Sails.
| Pier.
Noyo. . .
W. Kruger...
Santa Barb...
Area ta.. ......
Point Arena..
San Jose
San Pedro....
Ammon '
Doric :.
Eureka
Bonlta
Kmplre..
Rlva!
St. Paul......
City of Puebl
Corona — ....
. July 8. '
Humboldt ....:.|
Tillamook Bay.: ....
Humboldt' r.
Coos Bay
Point' Arena :
Panama & Way... I
July 9.
Humboldt
Hamburg- & "Way..
China and Japan..
Humboldt
San Pedro
July 1O.
Coos Bay ...:.
Willapa Harbor ..|
Nome & St Michael
Puget Sound Ports
San Diego ..-.
July 11.
Seattle & Falrhavn
Seattle & Tacoma..]
Humboldt I
Tillamook Bay
Sydney & Way Pts.
Jnly 12.
Portland. & Astoria.
Manila v. Pgt Sd.
Grays Harbor ....
Grays Harbor ]
[12 "ml
4 pm
4 pm
4 pm
2 pm
12 m
10 am
12 m
1 pm
9 am
9 am
5 pm
5 pm
2 pm
11 am
'9 am
Pier 2
Pier 13
Pier 5
Pier 13
Pier 2
PMSS
Pier 2
Pier 27
PMSS
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier i:
5th St.'
Pier 34
Pier S
Pier 11
Despatch.....
Czarina..
Pomona......
Acme...
Ventura......
5 pm
12 m
1:30 pi
3 pm
10 am
Pier 16
Pier 5
Pier t
Pier 15
Pier 'i
Columbia.....
Alproa. ..'......
O. Dollar.:...
Newburg....:
11 am
¦ 1 pm
5 pml
5 pm!
Pier 24
PMSS
Pier 5
Pier !
Steamer.
Destination.
Sails.
Queen......
City of Seattle.
Bertha..........
Portland
Cottage City...
Victorian V..
Dirigo i
Alki.. ..:........
City of Topeka
Skaguay & Way Ports. July 9
Skaguay & Way Ports. July. 0
Valdez & Way- Ports... July 10
Nome & St. Michael.... July 10
Kkagruay & Way Ports. July 12
Skaguay & Way Ports. July 13
Skaguay : & Way Ports. I July 14
Rkaguay & Way Ports, I July 14
Skaguay & Way Ports. | July 19
|||j Next to purity, the yeast used in brewing is of the p§f
||||i utmost importance in beer. Perfect beer requires a Kj«§
M*l perfect yeast, and rarely does a brewer find it. RnS
Jja The Schlitz brewery introduced chemically pure L£j
MM yeast in America. It has made Schlitz beer the most ' W<1
£||i palatable, healthful beer that is brewed. ¦ : R*||
Sjpi The original mother cells form a priceless asset. B\tI
L/fy All the yeast used in Schlitz beer forever will be devel- (N^
l^l oped from them. As a result Schlitz beer will never [M
kJ%j§ there'll never BS^^^Sr^^^V^^sS — — {§111
P^ be another 'Phone Main UT~ |§7w
filjH DCer IIKC jnPVnHfMHfiBnaHBw Sherwood LTJ
gypi Schiitz. IMMS£3!&£^!ji5&$!££ 2 s 2 a n V IarketSt " ll^iRECTOR OF ST. MARK'S PARISH, WHO WILL BE IN CHARGE OF THE
NEW BISHOP KIP MEMORIAL CHURCH, FOR WHICH GROUND
WAS BROKEN IN BERKELEY YESTERDAY.
OAKLAND, July 7.— Harry C. Bromwell,
a son of Colonel L. L. Bromwell, passed
away at 11 o'clock last night at the family
residence 953 Madison street. The young
man had been ill for some time from dia
betes. He was 19 years of age. The fu
neral will be held Tuesday morning at 11
o'clock from the Bromwell residence.
Harry Bromwell Is Dead.
OAKLAND. July 7.— The funeral of the
late Mrs. Fannie O. Studebaker. mother of*
Dorothy Studebaker McKeown. was held
this afternoon at 1 o'clock from the resi
dence 118 Twelfth street. The Rev. Paul
Mansfield Spencer, assistant pastor of the
First Methodist Church, conducted the
services. The remains were placed In a
vault in Laurel Hill Cemetery, San Fran
cisco.
Mrs. Studebaker's Funeral.
The Dead Man Is William Langles
len, a Farmhand and Old
Indian Fighter.
OAKLAND, July 7.— The body of the
man killed by a train at West Oakland
last night was identified at the Morgue to
day as that of William Langleslen. a
ranch hand residing near Moraga Valley.
He was «f German birth. 54 years old. N.
Buhsen of West Oakland saw Langlenslen
at 6:30 o'clock last evening, walking co
ward the salt water bathhouse at the west
end of Seventh street. '
The deceased came to California twenty
years ago as a member of the Fourteenth
United States Infantry, with which organ
ization he campaigned through the Indian
wars in the Southwest.
Birthday Anniversary.
OAKLAND, July 7.— "Christian Citizen
ship" was the subject of a discourse de
livered this evening at the First Methodist
Church by the Rev. Eli McClish. D. D.
The Rev. Dwight E. Potter, pastor of
Union Street Presbyterian Church, gave a
talk this evening at his church, the sub
ject beinsr "Patriotism." t
The Rev. George W. Hill of Japan con
ducted services to-day at the Tenth. Av
enue Baptist Church.
The Rev. T. G. Brownson, president of
California College, officiated to-day at
worship in the First Baptist Church.
An evening: of sacred music was given
to-night at the First English Lutheran
Church, the programme being under the
direction of John C. Walling and J. W.
Taylor, leader of the Oakland Orchestra.
Patriotic services were held this evening
under the direction of the Rev. S. I.
Wheat, pastor, at the First Free Baptist
Church.
A national service was conducted to
night at Plymouth Avenue Congregational
Church, the Rev. Stephen Wood officiat
ing. ».
¦ » ¦ a
victim: of bailboai>
ACCIDENT IDENTIFIED
PATRIOTIC SERVICES
" ITELD IN THE CHTJBCHES
Pastors Take Themes of Discourse
From Celebration of National
Brandes has conceived the Idea that by
going at once to the convict's cell at Fol
som he may start his plans to eecure his
freedom. The prisoner has been making
his efforts in that direction for some
days. As soon as he has settled upon
the work he desires to oe done by some
friends in thi3 city Brandes will go to
Folsom Penitentiary to begin his ten
years as a convict. He has strong belief
that he will be able to secure a parolo,
a belief by no means shared by his jailor*
or • the prosecuting officers of Alamcda
County.
Brandes has started a campaign for re
lease on parole after he has served the
requisite time for an application to be
made to the Prison Directors for his dis
charge. The law requires that any con
vict may make such an application after
one year of imprisonment, no matter whac
the term of sentence is so long as it is not
"life imprisonment."
. Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, July 7.
Although William A. Brandes. the slayer
of his own daughter, has until August 15
before the sentence Imposed upon him by
Judge Ogden shall be executed, the child
killer has made up hia mmd to go to Fol
som Penitentiary during this week. Ha
will leave the County Jail, which has been
his place of abode for nearly three years
either Monday or Tuesday.
In spite of the two convictions which
are recorded against Brandes he tries to
exhibit a supreme confidence that a third
trial will result in his acquittal. But
pending that result, he has now deter
mined that he had better begin to seiva
his sentence.
Child Slayer Says He Can
Win His Discharge
From Prison.
Freedom.
May Try to Gain
Goes to Folsom That He
BRANDES WORKS
FOR A PAROLE
• Lots of people actually believe that their
troubles interest other people.
Slow Promotion.
How slowly promotion in ' the army
often comes is strikingly illustrated by a
list of army veterans sent to his paper by
the Washington correspondent of the
Philadelphia Ledger. He gives the names
of the seven officers still on the active list
who entered the army prior to the civil
war. They have been in the service ever
since, and yet none has risen beyond the
grade of colonel, and one only attained
that rank prior to the outbreak of the
Spanish war in 1898. Of the seven, six
originally enlisted in the ranks during
the decade preceding the civil war, the
other Colonel Francis L. Guenther. grad
uating from West Point : in 1859. General
Henry B. Freeman, late colonel of the
Twenty-fourth Infantry, and General
Theodore Schwan, late assistant adjutant
general, both recently retired, also en
tered" the army in the '50's as enlisted
men. — Providence Journal. ,
With the idea that Metcalf would be un
able to keep the right course long odda
were betted against him. But his inge
•r.ulty provided him with an expedient m
the dilemma. The track was a round one
of a mile, and at eacn turn he had a man
stationed with a bell to ring out his ap
proach. This scheme and the superior
speed of his mount pulled him through
and he was heartily cheered on victory.
As a horse dealer he traded to advant
age, and at one-and-twenty he enjoyed
robust health and stood six feet and an
inch. He showed at this period some
pugilistic ability and soundly thrashed a
bully. •
At the age of 14 his activity in sport and
the freedom he had enjoyed from accident
caused him to be quite fearless, and he
was getting through life with greater fun
than most ordinary lads. But he had a
severe lesson, owing co a fall into a gravel
pit when a farmer surprised him robbing
a plum tree. But he was not seriously in
jured, and we next find him showing ex
pertness at swimming, and such strength
that he could push his companions below
and swim over them. Such was his fame
in thla direction that, two men being
drowned in the Nldd, Metcalf was en
gaged to seek for their bodies, and diving,
brought one of them from the river deeps.
He began to attend the races at York —
so that the visits of the gentleman indi
cated above to the Knavesmire only serve
to, prove there Is nothing new under the
sun — and other places. It was common
for him to ride among the crowd, and
helped by gentlemen to whom he was
known, he often betted with success. It
was thought a v/ild . thing when he
matched one of his horses to run three
miles on the Forest Moor.
In spite of his infirmity John Metcalf
joined tho other boys in robbing orchards
and depleting henroosts. He learned to
ride and became an excellent viplinlst.
He frequently hunted with the hounds.
That interesting writer, "Kettledrum,"
in the Sporting Chronicle, tells* a marvel
ous story, of a blind sportsman of the
eighteenth century. His name was John
Metcalf, and he was born at Knares
borough in 1718. He was blinded by small
pox at the age of 4.
BLIND JOCKEY'S
WONDERFUL RIDE
John Metcalf s Victory
in a Race a Century
and a Half Ago.
Female physicians of Sweden have pe
titioned the Government for the privilege
of receivine positions in hospitals.
The main thing is excellence, whether It
be in making a pan of biscfuits c-r compos
lnea spring sonnet. -
The census of Germany has just been
announced. The : population reaches the
large Rggregate of 56,345,000. This is only
20,000,000 less than that of . the United
States, and shows a, 7 per cent : Increase
over the census of 1895. Germany is
steadily growing in population, while
France Is at a standstill. Their military
forces • are now so unequal that France
will not invite another war.— Evening Wis
coiisin. , .
Population of Germany.
LONDON, July 7.— Paradoxical as It
may sound, all the conditions of the Lon
don Stock Exchange during the past
week have improved, while actual busi
ness has been worse, if possible, than ever
before. ' Money has been exceedingly plen
ty and prices generally better, but deal
ings, from various causes, have been at
about the lowest ebb. An annoying fea
ture of the week's stagnation is the fact
that large sums of money are actually
yearning for investment, but the public,
from the force of many weeks' habit, re
fuses to do anything but "sit tight."
Consols were a shade better for the past
week and nearly two points above their
quotation during the recent slump.
Home rails, as predicted, improved
slightly. Northern lines were from V, to
Vh better, while southern lines remained
stationary or had but fractional losses
American securities with few exceptions
quietly continued their, upward trend dur
ing the past week,- although the actual
dealings during this time were compara
tively email. It is interesting to note
however, .the change in the tone of Eng
lish financial writers toward, the Ameri
can market. These writers say the
American boom created a rush of specu
lation, which has now become legitimate
The Investors' Review, which is noto
riously bearish in its tones, alone dissents
from the favorable commentaries on the
American market, declaring that under
the surface a financial crisis is impending
in the United States, and warns inkers
of the enormous amount of American bills
afloat here, and suggests the throwing out
of a certain clats of bills In order toS>re
cipitate a panic, which, the Investors' Re
view says, could be better met now than
after more securities have been floated
BERLIN, July 7.-Although the failure
of the Treber-Trocknung Company was
expected after the Leipsic crash the
event caused the deepest depression on all
German boerses. This and other factors
made last week the blackest since the re
action began in April of last year. De
clines were scored in every department
The market's weakest spot was indus
trials, the condition of which was panicky
The week's report from industrial cen
ters were unfavorable, the declines rang
ing for Iron shares from 8 to 16 points, and
for coal shares trom 8 to 20 points.
The transactions in American railway
securities for the week were next to noth
ing.
Prices Generally Better,
but Dealings Con
tinue Small.
LONDON MARKET
IS IMPROVING
OHIO DEMOCRATS
FAIL TO AGREE
Many Party Leaders Op-
pose All Reference
to Silver.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, July 7.— Although the
Democratic State Convention will not con
vene until next Wednesday morning, the
leaders and some of the delegates are
here to-day. The delegates will meet by
Congressional districts on Tuesday, when
the members of the committees will be
selected. As no effort will be made to In
dorse McLean, Johnson or any .one else
for Senator, and as the nomination of
Colonel James Kilbourne for Governor Is
assured, no general intere&t is being taken
In the committee on credentials. Much
Interest Is being taken, however, in the
selection of members of the State Central
Committee, of which the McLean men
have had a majority.
The Interests cf Colonel Kllboume and
Mayor Tom L. Johnson of Cleveland, as
well as of John R. McLean and of others,
are Involved in the new State organiza
tion. Nearly all the leaders of what was
known as "Gold Democrats" are delegates
to this convention, and they are opposing
the platform views of Mayor Johnson of
Cleveland and Mayor Jones of Toledo, as
well as any reference whatever to the sil
ver question- The Hamilton County dele
gation, from McLean's home at Cincin
nati, has selected C. W. Baker as chair
man and Judson Harmon and Harlan
Cleveland as members of the committee,
on resolutions for their respective diB
tricts. Baker was a leader for Palmer
and Buckner. Judge Harmon was Attor
ney General In Grover Cleveland's Cabi
net and Harlan Cleveland was United
States District Attorney under the same
administration.
There has been an active canvass for
months for the gubernatorial nomination,,
with J. L. Zimmerman, J. C. Welty. Isaac
S. Sherwood. A. W. Patrick and others in
the field against Kllbourne, All have with
drawn except Zimmerman.
It is believed that the Kilbourne men
will select some one for Lieutenant Gov
ernor, and that there will be a free-for-all,
contest for other places on the State,
ticket. • • ¦
Killed While Trying to Escape.
LEADVILLE, July 7.— At 9 o'clock this
morning A. L-. Cassidy was almost In
stantly killed by Policeman J. J. McDon
nell. Cassidy was on the way to jail to
answer a charge of breach of the peace,
when he started to run. The policeman
called to him to halt, but he continued
running and the officer shot him down.
Cassidy came here from Cripple Creek
last fall and has a wife living at Colorado
Springs. -
One of the most interesting comments on
the race was made this afternoon by W.
Butler Duncan of, the Constitution, who
summed up the contest by saying that it
seemed practically to settle -the situation
and that the Independence could not here
after be considered a possibility as a cup
defender. Mr. Duncan further remarked
that one of the most gratifying incidents
of the race was the excellent work of the
Constitution's crew in handling sails, and
the manner in which all hands pulled to
gether. He was fully satisfied with, the
showing of the Constitution and the. re-,
suit was a great relief.
Coming back to the Independence, he
said that a yacht that could not show
speed in light weather would be very , un
likely to do better under heavier . condi
tions of winds and sea. :•-
The yachts will have their second con
test of the Newport Yacht Racing Asso
ciation's series to-morrow over a thirty-,
mile triangular course of ten miles on a
side it being provided, as usual, that one
leg 'probably. the first, shall be a beat to
windward. It is thought that such a con
test will give the Independence her best
chance of defeating the two Herreshoff
yachts, as' two of the legs must be" made
by broad reaches.- • -- ¦ ' .
The start, if possible, will be from BrSn
ton's Reef lightship, and it is likely that
almost as large a fleet will accompany the
racers as op Saturday. - , .
It was also pointed out that under the
America's cup conditions yesterday's con
test would have been declared no race,
the usual time limit of five hours and a
half having been exceeded, but those on
the Independence did not make any ex
cuses on that basis..
NEWPORT, R. I., July 7.— It was a day
of satisfaction on board the new yachting,
champion the Constitution,- of resignation
on the Columbia and of contemplation,
but still hopefulness, on the Boston yacht
Independence, so badly defeated in yes
terday's race. . ' •
On shore, however/every one discussed
the race from all sides, but principally
with reference to the unexpected showing
of the Independence. It seemed to be the
general opinion among those yachtsmen
who watched the race closely that the
sluggishness of the Crowninshleld boat
was due to some extent to the uncertainty
of the wind some little time after the,
start, and that the true worth of the
yacht was not brought out.
On board the Boston boat not a man
was cast down, the overwhelming defeat
being attributed solely tO' hard-luck. Said
one of those who were on board , during
the race: - • : "i - r \ "
"We know that the Independence can
sail and sail fast, for we have *een her do
it, and we believe "that yesterday 6 ill-luck
attended her from the very start."
Captain Haff is quoted as expressing
similar views to Mr. Lawson, when the
latter came. aboard last night after the
race, and to-night all hands on the Boston
boat are looking forward eagerly and con
fidently to to-morrow's, contest, when,
over a triangular course, the Independ
ence is expected to show her great reach
ing qualities, providing, of course, there*
is any kind of breeze. ?
Attributes Defeat of the
Independence to
111 Luck.
OAKLAND, July 7.— With -solemn
services, with songs of praise and
word3 of wise counsel, the re
constructed First German Metho
dist Church, on Seventeenth
street, near San Pablo avenue, was to
day rededicated and consecrated to the
worship of God. There were three special
services, morning, afternoon and evening.
The actual dedicatory rites were solem
nized 1 during the afternon by Bishop J. W:
Hamilton. He was assisted by 'the' Rev.
L. E. Schneider, pastor of the church, to
gether with a large choir of male and fe
male voices. At the first service in the
morning the pastor preached upon the
theme "The House of God." At 2:30
o'clock Bishop Hamilton officiated," the
exercises throughout being conducted in
LAWSON STILL
HOPES TO WIN
"It is a strange feeling that comes over
u«j when we are about to take a journev
we have looked forward to — when we
come to the land we have read about, and
thought about, and talked about, and
dreamed about. So here, at the threshold
of a new and greater existence as a
church', we have a similar sensation.
"This new church project of ours began
long ago. These lots were purchased for
that purpose In February, 18S9, when this
church, since twice enlarged, stood a
block below on Bancroft way. The pro
posal to have the new church a memorial
to Bishop Kip came in April, 1893. Among
Rev. Dean Lyon of San Francisco, who
was a warm personal friend of the late
Bishop Kip, was to have made the dedi
catory address. He was prevented from
being present, and in his absence Rev.
George E. Swan, the rector, spoke as fol
lows:
B— — ERKELEY, July 7.— In a Bimple
service this afternoon, at the lot
where their handsome new place
. of worship will Boon be raised,
members of St. Mark's parish
formally broke ground for the Bishop Kip
Memorial Church. The congregation as
sembled In the old church, and after sing
ing by the vested choir followed the ves
trymen 'and the rector. Rev. George E.
Swan, to the large lot on the corner, of
Ellsworth street and Bancroft way. Here
the ceremony of turning over . the first
spadeful was carried out. F. L. Hobson,
senior warden; A. M. Button, junior war
den, and Mrs. J. T. Baun, president of the
Ladles* Aid Society, participating.
"Not only this,, but It Is to be a worthier
building. We wish it were a temple of
glorious polished marbles, but, alas! the
church is poor. It would be folly to wait
longer. We of this generation have our
work to do and must have room in which
to do it."
"We have long ago outgrown our pres
ent church. There are to-day 425 com
municants, making us one of the largest
country parishes in the diocese. But the
seats in our little church can accommo
date only 300. The new building will have
seats for 600, and will be equipped later
so as to accommodate 1000 if needed.
"Yet our new church is not merely to
be a larger building. That might have
been attained by enlarging again the old
building, as had been many times dis
cussed. But I desire to set free the pres
ent church building for use as a parish
house, where all our parish societies and
the Sunday school may have a place to
meet in.
the original incorporators was the late
Professor Joseph Le Conte. wHo contrib
uted $100 to the undertaking. It is re
markable that notice of the" church's in
tention in this matter was given to Bishop
Nichols only three days before Bishop
Kip's death. In 1895 the old church was
removed to the present location and there
renovated and enlarged. ¦*
"Meanwhile funds were being collected
for this greater building. The first offer
ing came at Christmas, 1898. Since then
the pledges have been slowly accumulat
ing, and to-day we have $6200. Our church
property, with the exception of the par
sonage, has been mortgaged for $7000. We
are confident that the $15,000 necessary to
finish the building will be raised by the
time it is needed.
During the afternoon service Miss Eber
ling of East Oakland sang a solo.
The rebuilt church was remodeled and
much improved in exterior appearance and
interior finish. The main feature of th*
new structure is a stained-glass window,'
with the emblem of the cross and crown
as the central design. The window is cir
cular, heavily leaded and has been set in
the front wall of the edifice. The other
Improvements have been made with the
view toward modernizing the structure.
The results have been particularly grati
fying: to the pastor and to the congrega
tion, which has made much sacrifice to
secure the changes.
Bishop Hamilton gave his congratula
tions to the church people and the pastor
for their unselfish efforts to make more
beautiful and attractive the house of wor
ship In which they made their devotions
and labored to advance the cause of re
ligion.
¦ The church choir is as follows: Mis:
Wansner, Mls3 Bechtolt. Miss Nachtrieb
the Rev. Mr. Weibel, Mr. "Wansner an<
Mr. Lohn. They were assisted by voice:
from the choirs ¦ of I St. John's Germai
Church and Howard-street Church of Sai
Francisco.
English. At the evening worship the pas
tor preached, his topic being "Confidence/
THE PASTOR OF THE FIRST GER
MAN METHODIST CHURCH OF
OAKLAND.
Clubs— . B- H. E.
Cincinnati ........................... 8 10 l
New York .. -5 9 ,2
Batteries— Phillips and Bergen; Doheny. and
Bowerman. Umpire— Cunningham.
Milwaukee • 262
Cleveland.... • '• 0 6 3
Batteries— Reldy and Maloney; Scott and
Wood. v
DETROIT, July 7.— Detroit bunched thrlr
hits on Patterson in ' the third inning to-day
and scored five runs, which gave them a vic
tory over Chicago. Attendance, 4200. Score:
Clubs— . R. H. E.
Chicago..-. • -3 9 4
Detroit • 8 -11 1
Batteries— Patterson and Sugden; Cronin and
Shaw. ' . . £ ¦ ' ¦
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
CHICAGO. July 7.— The Brooklyn team won
easily to-day by perfect flcldingr, daring base
running and lucky. hitting. Attendance, 6400.
Score: '• :: ' '.¦
Clubs— . R - H. 13.
Chicago • ;........ 5 Jj .2
Brooklyn 8 12 0
Batteries— Waddell and Kahoe; Kltson and
Farrell. Umpire— Nash. .
CINCINNATI, July 7.— Two bases on balls,
a sacrifice, Phillips' double and Beckley's sln
k1« allowed the locals to pull the game out of
the flra in the eighth inning to-day. Phillips
pitched a steady . game. Attendance, 4850.
Score:
MILWAUKEE, July 7.— The home team re
ceived a shaking uj> to-day and the chango
worked well. Reidy pitched a masterly game,
end, backed up by pood fielding, shut Cleveland
out. Attendance, 4800. Score: .
Clubs— " . : . R. H. E.
EASTERW BASEBALL.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
The monthly trarp shoot under the aus
pices of the Union Gun Club gave a day's
sport at the traps to quite a number of
shooters and developed some good scores.
There were several events, among them
a match of twenty, birds between teams
from the Union and Empire clubs. The
shoot resulted 'n a tie, which will be shot
off next month. The scores in the team
shoot were:
Union team — Fred Feudner, 17; Sylvester, 14;
"IT. M. C," 15; Iverson, 18; Walpert. 18; Mlch
elsson. 11; Burnell, 17; Mitchell, 7; Pisanl, 16;
Knick, 15j Gordan, 15; Cooper, 11; total. 186.
Empire team— Power, 15; LaMotte, 16; Webb,
18; Reed, 18; Cullen, 15; Fish, 14; -Swales, 11;
Ireland, 14; Searles, 18; Allen, 11; Baird, 15;
total. 186.
The other events were as follows:
Club shoot of the Union Club, twenty-five
bluerocks— Walpert. 18; Haitt, 17; Mitchell, 23;
Janssen, 21; Hltuner, 12; Burnell, 18; "U. M.
C," 18; Iverson, 19; Fred Feudner, 24; Drlesch
man, 13; Knick. 22; Gordan, 15; Herring, 15;
Schnlpper, 19; Cooper, 15; Hess, 14; Lewis, 10;
Wollan. 15; Claussen, 19; Michelsson, 17; Plaani,
18; Sylvester, 22.
Handicap medal shoot— Fred Feudner, 23 out
of 26; "U. M. C" 23 out of 26; Otto Feud
ner, as a guest, 24 out of -25; Holtt,,
18 out of 26; Iverson, 22 out of 26; Syl
vester, 21 out of 25; Burnell, 17 out of
26; Schnipper, 13 out of 26; Mitchell, 11 out
of 25; Lewis, 18 out of 30; Herring, 16 out of
28: Cooper. 17 out of 28. . .
Fred Feudner and "U. M. C'.tled for the
first medal. The tie will be shot • off next
month. Cooper and Burnell tied for the sec
ond medal and in the 6hoot-off Cooper won it.
Ability medal, . twenty-five bluerocks — Iver
son, 20; Sylvester, 20; MacConnell, 20; Justers,
21; Donahue, 19; Lewis, 17.
Added money race— Walpert, 19 out of 25;
Otto Feudner, 18 out of 20; MacConnell, 14 out
of 25; JusterB, 16 out of 23; Donahue, 15 out of
25; Robertson, 16 out of 22; Webb, 18 out of
20; Fred Feudner, 21 out of 21; Cooper, 18 out of
28; Gordan, 20 out of 28; "U. M. G," IS out
Of 22; Iverson, 20 out Of 25.
Union Chin Club Ex
perts Shatter Blue
rocks in Matches.
TRAP SHOOTING
AT INGLESIDE
P. E. Daniels of this" city is about to
leave for a trip East, during which he
proposes to do some excellent work for
Oakland and the State at large. Mr.
Daniels intends to give a series of lectures
throughout the East upon the resources
of California. Few men are better post
ed upon the State in general. He pro
poses to tell the people of the heat-strick
en East of the commercial as well as the
rural advantages of California, of the in
dustrial development of the State, as* well
as the mineral. He has abundance of fig
ures and has adopted the very effective
method of comparing the California con
ditions with those in the sections he pro
poses to visit. Being originally from the
East, he can do this with great effect.
These lectures will be given in all the
great Eastern centers between Chicago
and New York and will be given entirely
at the expense of Mr. Daniels.
Margaret' A. Farren has transferred to
the Realty Syndicate SO feet on Park ave
nue, near the California and Nevada Rail
way terminus, for $14,000.
The sale is reported of the Green block,
on the northeast corner of Thirteenth
street and Broadway for $70,000 to T. D.
Carneal and L. C. Morehouse. The build
ing will be remodeled and the corner
storeroom leased to the Union Bank of
Savings.
George W. Austin & Co. report that the
lots in the Austin Park tract are going
rapidly. Six houses are already com
pleted in this new. addition and contracts
are let for six more. Among the princi
pal sales for the week by this firm are a
house and lot on Linden street from F.
A. Braun to C. E. West for $2500; a lot at
Grove and Brockhurst streets from J. W.
Simpson to W. Cogan for $1500; a lot on
Thirty-third street from D. F. Oliver to
Miss Helen Stewart for $1200, and a house
and lot on Thirty-seventh street from the
California Building -and Loan Association
to William Stacy for $2500.
j; H. McDonald & Co. report the sale
of the Briggs block, at the northeast cor
ner of Thirteenth and Clay streets, to
August Michael for $50,000. The building 1
is 50x70 feet on the ground and three sto
ries high. It was finished about a year
ago.
The Dingee Company have several large
deals on hand, some of which will be put
through within the next week.
In spite of. the customary quiet of
Fourth of July week, the past few days
have seen the consummation of several
important deals in Oakland realty. [ Indi
cations point to still greater activity in
the market next waek.
Oakland Office San Francisgp ball,
1118 Broadway, July 7.
P. E. Daniels "Will Lecture
on California in the
. East.
Activity Shown Despite
Fourth of July
. Cessation.
BIG TRANSFERS
OF REAL ESTATE
RECONSTRUCTED CHURCH
GIVEN NEW DEDICATION
German Methodist Congregation Worships
Again in Edifice on Seventeenth Street.
THE CALL'S
HOME STUDY CIRCLE
In -twenty years Andrew Carnegie's pub
lic benefactions have reached a total of
J35.&S5/C5. Since January 1 last his gifts
footaip $22,827,000, an average of J1S5.000
a day: His gifts in America amount to
£24 679,200, and in England and Scotland
to $11 S05.72S. In the United States he has
given to eighty-six libraries and eight
colleges and Sn Great Britain to twenty
three libraries and six colleges. Mr. Car
r'r jrfe's latest 'gift -, is the biggest The
beneficent habit h« has formed seems to
*row upon him.'— Globe- Democrat ¦¦.-•/.;
His Beneficent Habit
Some realization of the panic "the
American peril" has produced in Europe
Is found in the declaration of a Welsh
rr.ir.e-owner to his startled associates that
the Government of the United States will
"before November" pass a law giving an
export bounty on coal to enable Virginia
operators to possess the French and Alge
rian market. The United States Govern
ment will never pass a. law giving an ex
port bounty on coal or anything else. But
until after the first Monday of December
next there will be— for the purpose of
making laws of any kind— no United
States Government. — New York Press.
The American Peril.
The proposal emanating from a woman
suffrage leader that domestic service shall
be put in specified hours of labor shows
how little some women know about do
mestic service. Can the baby be per
suaded to cry at specified hours and be a
little angel at others? Was bread ever
known to bake in exactly the same time
two days in succession? Does the milk
man or the butcher ever fail to come at
the expected moment? Was there ever
wife or mother, gister or daughter who
could measure off her hours of domestic
labor by the clock? The women who
know least about domestic service prac
tically are the most dogmatic in regulat
ing other people's kitchens.— Chicago
Chronicle.
Hard to Manage.
Seats had been provided for 9000 per
sons on the wharf and there were fully
2000 people on the water. Many at
tended the carnival and sham battle in
mask and then marched up to the center
of the city.
At the. close of the display a rocket
fired from Fort Cavite. on the Coronado
j^hore. signaled that an enemy was ap
proaching. Another minute and the long
roll was heard on shore at the fort, bugle
cells were heard on the vessels and the
**Battle of Manila Bay" was on. The
Ranger had been given permission to use
her six-pound rapid-flre guns and the
Pinta, besides having two breech-loading
'guns, had 2700 rounds of blank shells for
her gatling gun. The battle continued fif
teen minutes and ended with the blowing
up of the fort and the destruction of two
of the vessels which assisted in the de
fense.
The climax of the celebration was the
water carnival last night, when the bay
was ablaze with light and the roar of the
guns from the Ranger and the Pinta.
awoke the echoes in the hills. There was
a parade of illuminated barges before the
Queen's throne, which was built on a
barge ninety by sixty fe<jt in dimensions
and lighted by hundreds of incandescent
lights. While the parade was going on
and just as It was dismissed the fireworks
display was made from a barge anchored
in midstream.
The day opened with wild west sports
at Bay View Park, in which the cowboys
from Mesa Grande and Campo vied with
one another in feats of horsemanship.
The afternoon was devoted to quieter
sports, with racing, rowing, swimming
and sailing. The yacht Josephine, owned
by Captain Remert of Chula Vista, car
ried off the honors among the windjam
mers and Llewellyn J. Allen won both of
the single scull events.
SAX DIEGO, July 7.— San Diego's cele
bration of Fourth of July week closed last
night in a blaze of light. In truth the
noise and the light had not ceased, at
midnight and the people were inclined
to obey the mandate of Queen Katherine
and enjoy themselves until morning.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Enacted at San
Diego.
CANNON THUNDER
IN MIMIC STRIFE
Battle of Manila Bay
YOKOHAMA, July 7.— A number of Jap
anese warships will be present in addi
tion to the four American warships under
Rear Admiral Rodpers at the unveiling
July 14 at Kurlhama of the monument to
commemorate the landing there of Com
modore Perry July 11, 1853.
Japan Will Be Represented.
On "Wednesday Dr. Atkinson and his
wife will leave for Paris, where he will
stay pome time. From there he will go to
Constantinople, where he and his wife will
reside. After making a short tour of the
State the Rev. G. E. Atkinson and his
wife w:ll return to Etna Mills.
The Rev. W. H. Atkinson Is the popular
pastor of the Congregational church in
this city. He has two sons, the Rev.
George E. Atkinson, -who is the pastor of
the Congregational church at Etna Mills,
Sifkiyou County, and Dr. Henry B. At
kinson, who is a physician and who was
until lately stationed with the mission
aries xt Kharput. Turkey. Prior to their
departure from their homo here the young
mon raet and courted the young- ladies
•who to-dny became their brides. Dr. H.
H. Atkinson was engaged to Miss Tacy E.
Wilkinson, an] the Rev. G. E. Atkinson
was engaged to Miss Orrill Sherer of Te
kna. Wash.
Shortly after the engagements the
young: men left their homes to make their
way in the world. Dr. Atkinson went to
Turkey, where he passed through many
turbulent scenes, such as the Turks know
how to provide for those connected with
the Christian missionary. The Rev. G.
Atkinson was crdajned and took charge of
a church. As lime went by the idea of a
familv reunion occurred to them. The de-
Eire also to hear the tinlt!<? of the festive
wedding bells made itself felt, and as the
thirty-fourth anniversary of the marriage
of their father and mother was approach
ing they iourneyed homeward.
To-day in the prettily decorated parlor
of their home the double wedding was
performed. There were but few guests.
After the ceremony there was a dinner
that celebrated <hree weddings.
SAN* RAFAEL, July 7.— This city to-day
enjoys the distinction of having one of
the moFt interesting weddings on record
performed within its limits. Two sons
were to-day wadded to the young ladies
of their choice beneath their father's roof,
and the father performed the ceremony.
The day was also the thirty-fourth anni
versary of the wedding of the parents of
the grooms.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Picturesque Ceremony Con
ducted by Congrega
tional Pastor. '
Brothers Become Hus
bands and Father
Officiates.
TWO WEDDINGS
IN MARIN HOME
KIP MEMORIAL CHURCH
TO BE BEGUN AT ONCE
St. flark's Parishioners Turn First Spadeful
of Earth During Simple Ceremony.
¦ • . '¦ ' ' ¦ , • •: ¦ '. ¦ '¦¦¦ '¦.;-; i'<. ¦¦.'¦¦¦ / . I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. MONDAY, JULY 8, 1901.
7
M fi I *^t Ja " 1 Bm!
Buying for ten stores we »
can save you money. »
Granulated Sugar 18 lbs $i |
Spreckels & Co.'s best fine dry. 5>
Sardines 9c tin «
Albert Roche; best known brand J?
Imported French. I?
Cooked Corn Beef «
2-pound tin 20c «
Any of the well-known brands— js
Falrbank'a, Hammond's, Rex. it
Sugar Wafers 25c tin ;|
Strawberry, raspberry, lemon, va- ', a
nilla and coffee flavors, 'made in Q
Germany. . f
Italian Paste 5c pound :?
Macaroni, vermicelli, spaghetti. <*
Rainier Beer $1.00 <|
Bottled by John Rapp & Son; s>
case, 1 doz. quarts; 2 doz. pints. \$
Old Tom Gin Gal $2.10 j^
Fine quality; regular $3 50, \
Liquers V Bottle 65c
Jaques Callomon. superior qual-
ity; Creme de MInthe, green or
yellow Chartreuse. •
Port or Sherry Wine /
50c gallon
Our well-known regular 75c wine.
Kentucky Bourbon 15c
Screw-top* flask, 6 years old,
regular 25c. /
Claret 25c gallon
Vintage 1896. You should stock
your cellar with this fine wlno;
suitable for bottUng; reg. 60c.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY^ JULY 8, 19O1.
8
SAJf FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. xn.
S00 Hayes street, open until 9:30 p. m.
G3» McAllister street: open until 9:30 P- ™. .
f.JS Larkin Etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
1S41 Mission Btreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. v m.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia etreet ; open until » P- m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2200 Fillmone street; open until 9 p. m.
, 3IEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. ¦»
M.-THIS (MONDAY) EVENING, at Sk
7:30 o'clock Third degree. Master TtJT
Masons cordially in»-!tc*l. By order of //V
the ty M. WALTER G. ANDERSON. Sec.
HERMANN Lodge No. 127. F. and A. ¦
M.— Called meeting THIS DAY (MON- «J\_
UAYV July S. iriCl. at 7:30 o'clock. 1^3?
Deg. ' 1. Bv order of the W. M. '
'L. SCHUMACHER. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260, F. and m
A M., Franklin Hall. Fillmore. be-
tween Bush and Sutter. Second degree jtJ\
THIS EVENING at 7:30. *
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13. I. O. O. o^^j^5>
F\_The officers and the funeral §j23Ks^
committee of the above-named -^*?£=-
lodffe £rt hereby notified to assem-
ble at Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Market and
Seventh sts.. on MONDAY. July 8, at 1:30
p. m.. for the purpose of attending the funeral
of our late brother. PETER HIRSCHFELD.
By order of the N. G.
CHAS. QUAST. Fin. Sec.
A MEETING of the Restaurant Keepers" As-
sociation Is called for Tuesday. July 9, at 3
o'clock p: m.. at Shiels building. 32 O'Farrell
st. Members will Dlease attend. By order
P. T. BENNETT. President.
EINTRACHT Spar und Ban Vereln— The an-
nual meeting and election of directors for the
ensuing term will be held on TUESDAY. July
9 190L at 7:30 p. m., in the offlce of the asso-
ciation. Eintracht Hall. 237 Twelfth Et. Polls
open from 7:30 to 9:30 p. m. The twenty-
fourth series now open for subscription.
Monthly payments $1 per share.
ADOLF WIRTNER, Vice President.
HENRY GILLE, Secretary.
INTERNATIONAL Union Steam Engineers,
Local No. 64. will meet at Alcazar building.
WEDNESDAY NIGHT. July 10. 1901, at 8
o'clock. All members are requested to at-
tend. T. H. ELY. Corresponding Sec.
THE annual meeting of the San Francisco So-
ciety lor the Prevention of Cruelty to Ani-
mals will be held In the Parrott building on
MONDAY. July 15. 1901. at 4 o'clock p. m.,
when a board of trustees will be elected.
C. B. HOLBROOK. Secretary.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing. 6idewalks re-
paired: postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private:
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market Et.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma. Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
ket et. : consultation free; no fees In advance.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
LADY would like small children to board; good
S bonne and care. 2218 Sixteenth st.
2 OR 3 children to board, week or month; best
care;sunny j*ard:nr.school;reasonab"e.l607 Cal.
BOOKS SEW AYC OLD.
BOOKS~o?Tvery kind bought. TeL ReoTl356.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-7C6-708 Mission st.
BISINESS CHANCES.
A^80^TATl:ON^RYTllrFgooaI7nd^nk«e
notions with laundry route. and route of all
S. F. dallies, across the bay. or will sell pa-
per and laundry routes for $1500. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26"4 Kearny Et.
A— $1500: HALF INTEREST, saloon on Kearny
et.. clearing $300 per month; lease; rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE, 26"£ Kearny st^
A— $22<X>; KOADHOUSE. with 11 furnish, rooms,
kitchen, etc.; barn; large yard; about 8 miles
f rom city: a business paying Al, and well
known. R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny Et.
A— $1500; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; 1
block south of Market st. ; dally receipts from
SSO up; clearing about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny.
A— SoSC; SALOON with 36 furnished rooms; $350
cash, balance on time: rent $60; located
Fourth st. Call R. G. WILKE, 26"4 Kearny.
A — FRUIT and vegetable store, with 4 rooms,
rent 135; on Sutter St.; price $600; business
clearing above $150 per month. R. G. WILKE,
26^4 Kearny et.
A— SS50; DELICACY store and branch bakery,
with 3 living rooms: rent J1S: kept by owner
11 years; choice business locatlon./Partlculars
It. G. WILKE, 26-4 Kearny St..
A— $750; SALOON; no better located place In
this city; rent $50; place clears easily $150
per month; no night work. See R. G.
WILKE. 26'i Kearny st. «
A— GROCERY and bar; no better money-mak-
ing place Jn city: fine cash trade; trial given
before buying; owner wants to retire after
several years In business: gilt-edge chance: a
s=s.fe Investment. BUSINESS BOARD OF
TRADE. 22C Pine st.
100 CIGAR stands, 200 candy stores, 300 gro-
ceries and bars, 400 saloons, 500 bakeries, 600
stores of all kinds; hundreds of businesses to
choose from; call In and see what we can offer
you.
V.* ALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.^
"YOU can be suited In any kind of business cf
railing at efflce.
O. XV. SCHWEINHARD. 917 Market St.. near
Fifth. Phone Mint 1911.
A — WE buy. cell or exchange any kind of busi-
ness. GUS STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny Bt.
ESTABLISHED restaurant lncludln-r property
near park for sale cheap. Inquire 514 Central
avenue.
BARBER Ehop for sale in country hotel; owner
leaves on account of sickness in his family.
Address box 4267. Call office.
FOR sale — Grocery end saloon. Including hall
upstairs; sold cheap on account of sickness;,
pood locality. Corner 2Sth and Church sts.
TO LET— Fine paying hotel in Crockett. Mc-
EWEN BROS., 118 Montgomery st.
RESTAURANT and oyster house for sale; on
account of sickness. 29 Ninth st.
SALOON for sale; doing first-class business; on
account of other business. Cor. Mason & Ellis.
GOOD opening for barber ehop and baths In
hotel; also tailor. 718 Valencia Bt.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
recel\ed at Call branch ofdee, 2200 Fillmore st,
LODGING-HOCSES FOR SALE.
A "CAMERON^COCT '¦
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 2L 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
42 r. cor.; rent $100; lease 5 yrs.; -car., fur.
3 yeare old J $1900
S2 r. cor.: rent $105; good house: clears $120. 1400
MONEY loaned on deferred payments; 1Y>%.
20 r. rent $60: good house; always full barg? 1000
18 r.; rent $S5; good fur., carp; large yard.. 1250
10 r. rent $60; good house; always full; ban-. 1000
Over oOO houses listed. Call before buying.
MARION GRIFFIN, the Real Estate Agent,
713 Market st. by Call bldg.; tel. Black 1S03.
32 rooms: 14 large bay windows; a corner* 3
blocks north of Market; otk furniture: clears
$S0 a month above all expenses; rent $105.. $1400
17 rooms: all men: rich carpets; north of Mar-
ket Et. ; elegant furniture; clears $70 a month.
11 rooms; rent $35; oak furniture; mortgage
$375: clears $33; exchange for small house.. $700
Call at offlce for list Above are only samples.
FISHER & CO.. 325 Market: phone Folsom 1342.
75 rooms; price $5CO0j42 rooms; price $3300
26 rooms; price.... 1900130 rooms; price.... 2250
22 rooms; elegant; rent only $60: price.... 1500
14 rooms; handsome; rent only $60; price.. 750
We have over 200 more, any location, kind
or price, at bargains and hurried sales.
~ ATTENTION, BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for it
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market.
•^-INSTON & WOLF, " "
, ' _ X1026 MARKET ST.
17 rooms; rent $>0; Fourth st $S75
26 rooms; fln« corner; rent $30 1575
SO rooms; new; cheap rent:.... 1375
P roorus; rent $100; part cash 2100
25 rooms; fine sunny corner; only 1900
THE largest and best list of lodging-bouses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.).
Phone Mint 1911.
» ROOMS: rent $30; finely furnished, good car-
prts; $500. Howard et.. between Third and
Fourth. Dox 4337, Call offlce. -
fLVt— 11 ROOMS, furnished; rent $20; must sell
• this week; 103 Clay st.
LODGING IIcuec. 20 rooms, $325. Call at 103
New Montgomery et.
$375— LODGING-HOUSE, 10 rooms; furnished.
iCS'i Mission Et.
EDUCATIOXAt Continued.
A FULL course of ¦ Ellis bookkeeping and the
• Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
clsco Business College. 1236 Market st. . ,'
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners: business
college graduates: bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARRT exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg. -
MARY P. Westhaus, pjano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c: piano for practice. 39 Fifth Bt.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post St.. S. F.;
founded 1863; new SO- page catalogue free.
PROF. L. MERKI, successful teacher of violin,
mandolin and guitar. 1C0S Mission st f , nr. 6th.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; S3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly- Call,
16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
ELECTRO-THERAPEUTIC.
Electrlc-Chemic medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, 'blood . & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium. 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE^and" Chinese h^ip~of~afi~kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Offlce— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel.Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment offlce—
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.; teL East 426. ¦¦
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice: all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 51S8.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED — FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish cook wishes situation
in. American family; city references; wages
$35. Please call at 226 Lily ave., between Page
and Oak. near Lacuna.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do
general housework and cooking In an.Amer-
, lean family. Please call at 13 John St., near
Mason.
A YOUNG girl wants, to do housework and
plain cooking in a small family; wages $20.
Call at 225 Eighth st. ; references.
GOOD cook wishes general work In private
family; city or country; references. Call at
420 Minna et.. near Fifth. ¦
GERMAN woman wants position to do gen-
eral housework and plain cooking; good laun-
dress; $25. Box 4420. Call office.
WOMAN wants position as working housekeep-
er or lady's nurse; city preferred. 523 How-
ard st. ¦ -^
SITUATION wanted by a German girl to do
second work. Call 4634 Eighteenth St., near
Douglas. -
STRONG reliable woman wants washing or any
kind of work by the day.- Box 4417. Call offlce.
A FIRST-CLASS laundress desires situation;
best city ref.; city or country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
A FIRST-CLASS German "cook ¦ desires situa-
tion; best city references; city or country-
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. •
A FIRST-CLASS Infant's nurse desires situa-
tion; best city ref. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
A FIRST-CLASS parlor maid and waitress de-
sires situation: best of references; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
; WOMAN wants work by day or week; ref er-
ence. Call in evening at 421B Natoma st. -
COMPETENT woman wishes a situation to do
general housework; is a good cook; city or
country; no postal cards answered. 10 Stock-
ton place, off Grant ave.
¦ DRESSMAKER from New York wishes en-
gagements In families; beautiful gowns made;
satisfaction guaranteed. 802 Geary st.
A YOUNG woman with a little child wishes a
place In a country town; more for good home
J than wages. Address box 4363, Call offlce.
' GOOD cook from New York; $1 50 and carfare
; for plain cooking; call on to work; willing
worker. Box 4352, Call office. ¦
¦ TEACHER,- Protestant, speaking French flu-
i ently. desires position as governess with
I Christian family; no objection to the coun-
try. Call at 3605 Franklin st.. corner Pine.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
j CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
; received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
! subscriptions has been established at 1096
i Valencia st.
| EMPLOYMENT WASTED — -MALE.""
; YOUNG man, honest, sober and respectable,
• would like employment; wholesale house or
shipping firm; have been employed on British
I merchant steamers years ago; city references.
Addres3 J. E. F., box 4320, Call office^
POSITION as porter or janitor wanted by
young man; experienced; rererences. Box 4418,
Call office. ¦ . ' ' ; .
BARKEEPER wants situation in country ho-
tel or on steamer; can refer to past and pres-
ent employers. Address box 4330. Call offlce.
AN experienced kitchenman wishes situation
in a private family, clubhouse or private
: boarding-house. Box 4421, Call offlce.
¦ WANTED — Position as ranch foreman by flrst-
i class man with long experience and the best
!¦ of references: thorough practical knowledge
In mixed farming, orchard, vineyard, irriga-
tion, drying and shipping fruit, keening ac-
counts and handling men. Address box 1111,
! Call offlce. • . .
POSITION wanted by young man, 28 years of
' age; has considerable experience In massage,'*
; orthopedic, Swedish movements, hydro-thera-
: peutic, physical culture and nursing; strictly
; sober and Industrious; can speak English,
• German, French and Spanish. Address box
1 43£6, Call. . . - - ¦ ¦
INDUSTRIOUS, sober and honest German, un-
¦ derstands care of horses, etc., garden work,
i has sorter experience and is handy with
i tools, desires position. Address H. P., 217
| Third st. " --
SITUATION wanted by first-class bread and
I cake baker or pastry cook to take charge;
I from the East; long experience; Irish- Ameri-
can. Address H. PRIMROSE, room 32, 520
j Bush Et.
i MAN and wife wish positions on private place
; or farm; man experienced houseman, woman
j good dressmaker, cook, etc. Address T.
I • MULROONEY, 39S3. Twenty-fourth et., city.
1 .YOUNG man wishes to hear of a • position in
grocery store or bairi good reference. Box
4381, Call.
: WANTED— By two rough carpenters and palnt-
i "ers, job work; own tools;, city or. country.
I Box 4402, Call office.
A NEW YORK salesman with an established
trade for California wine is open for a posl-
: tion. Address box 4407, Call offlce.
I YOUNG Japanese bov wishes situation as
i cook in hotel or boarding house; had experi-
j ence. 1234 Post st. "
FIRST-CLASS barkeeper open for engagement;
city or country. Box 4372, Call. .
¦ CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
¦ received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Fillmore st.
; A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
{ subscriptions has been established at 1096
I St.- ¦..¦¦-, '
j • . >V * EXCHANGE. ' "
\ EXCHANGE and sales offlce, 321 Phelan bldg.,
j Market. St.— Send particulars of anything you
p have for exchange, sale or want; registration
I free; insurance and loans.
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows and mattresses steamed,
renovated. E. J. O'ROURKE, 1393 Valencia
. Et. : phone Capp 26S2.
FLATS TO L'ET. .
FINE, 2132—6 rooms, bath; all" modern; large
back yard; fine basement. Inquire of owner,
2134 P'ne at. .'.-¦• ¦¦>¦¦.
'¦ FURNISHED complete for housekeeping — 4
rooms and bath;, lower flat. 1908 Filbert st.;
call after 6 p. m.
$25— GRAND flat. 6 large sunny rooms; modern
In every respect. 1127 Guerrero st., between
?3d and 24th. - . -
BRUCE place. 14, off Folsom st., between
Seventh and Eighth— 4 rooms and bath.
FLAT— 3 sunny rooms and bath. 1103 Buchanan
st., corner Golden Gate ave.
FLAT to let, 4 unfurnished rooms. Apply at
.-' 204^6 Eddy st. . :....' . .;
SHIPLEY. 247—4 and 7 room flats. ' $10 and $12.
A MARINE view, sunny, 8 rooms, bath, new.
2414 Van Ness ave., near Union st. .
FINE sunny 5-room flat, $15; cheap; save car
fare. 3 Pine place, oft Pine' St., near Mason.
FLAT, 5 rooms. and' bath. 1120 Hyde St.; rent
¦ 117- ¦• ¦ " ' ¦- ¦•-.¦'¦ '¦ -'•¦ .'.¦¦.
NEW, modern 7-room flat. 1530 Jackson bL,
. between Larkin and Polk. ¦
$8 — COTTAGE,' 4 rooms; large ¦ yard. .. 430 Sev-
enth st.,- near Harrison. -. . . - .
$11— 4-ROOM flat; cellar; water free. 20 Sum-
ner st., off Howard, -bet. Seventh and Eighth/
$18—1461, SACRAMENTO, near . Hyde; flat,- 7
• rooms, bath, eas; nice yard. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
, 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.,
FLATSSTO LET FURNISHED.
FELL, 311— Four nicely furnished rooms with
bath/ ¦ ' : " ¦ . / •• ., " .¦ •--¦'' ¦ ';- -:
$325* BUYS a 4-room I elegantly: furnished I flat;
part cash; nr. Pleasan ton; 'rent $22. 710 Jones.
CARPET BEATIXG AJfP CLEAjflSG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lpg Works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
BEATING. 3c: laying, 3c; renovating. 5c up;
'work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH & CO.. carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONICLIN'S Superior Carpet-Beating Works.
233 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter st.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
JONES & CO.. reliable carpet cleaners and ren-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 1061.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating .¦Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
J^ 13 MITCHELL Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vat'lng Co.. 240 Fourteenth St.: tel. Mission < 4.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st. ; telephone Jessie 944.
1 COLLECTIOX^ OFFICES^
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
SPIRITUALISM.
COME and see C. V. Milier's wonderful seances:
Sun. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to your spirit friends face to face and 1 recog-
nize them; give names; has received medals
from many countries: taken last world's re-
cord medal at Paris Fair. 10S4 Bush; teL
£275 Larkin. J " ¦
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY— C
Trance, business medium; life reader; exam-
ines* ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'FaiTell. nr. Gough : Ellls-
et. car; sit.. $1; letter. $2. Tel. Hyde 246L
RESUMED business— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, the
world-re.nowned spiritual medium: advice In
all affairs In life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated : mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun.. Wed.. Fri. eve.; letters answered.
Residence (no signs). 38 McAllister st.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: elttings dally; test to all to-night: 10c.
EDWARD EARLE. 328 Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
CLAIRVOYAXTS.
p"rOF. -• W.- H.; MONTAGUE,
CLAIRVOYANT AND PALMIST. «
Is in San Francisco, using his strange and
mysterious powers for the benefit of mankind.
Montague's thousands of written testimonials
from all over the wcrld are proof of his won-
derful knowledge. He gives advice on busi-
ness, speculation, love, courtship, marriage
and divorce; causes speedy and happy mar-
riage. The earth reveals to him the hidden
treasures in her bosom; he locates mines, in-
terprets dreams, tells of your friends and en-
emies, removes evil Influences, settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated, gives adyice
pertaining to lawsuits, everything; charges in
reach of all: reception room 14, 1104 Market st.
MME. M. BERNARD.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg." She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
A— LINCOLN CLAIRVOYANT AND
HIGH PSYCHIST
He tells your name, condition, desire, hopes,
etc.. without asking a single question: cures
.diseases without medicine; shows you how to
avoid bad luck and how to make yourself
lucky: reunites the separated; makes harmony
In your home: \glves accurate advice on all
business affairs; investments.minlng.oil; read-
ings by mall; send stamp for terms. 125 Turk.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guaran-
teed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Daily and Sunday. \
MMR. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant tell" past
and future: r.ever falls; has the greatest Egyp-
tian secret; shows pictjire of future husband
or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to everybody;
cures diseases by sympathy. 215V4 Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful- clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit., $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate: Mme. Richards, astrological
, palmist and reader of human destiny; never
, fails; 25c and 50c. 1203 Mission St.. cor. Sth.
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clalr.. palmist: advice on
. all affairs'; messages from departed friends;
teacher of persoual magnetism. 1523^4 Market.
MME. MONTAGUE, clairvoyant and . palmist,
gives names, facts, dates :satlsf action by mall;
inclose stamp. 13S2 Market,' opposite 7th st.
Mrs. Dr. Sayler, queen of clairvoyants & palm-
ists; names and date?; L. 25c: G. 50c; mall $1.
1511'4 Market, op. Van Ness; tel. Mint 1095.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 11 IS Market, op.
6th; private readings daily. 10 a. in. too p. m.
MRS. HANSEN, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmist; past, present and future; 25c. 108
Sixth St.. 2d floor.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11, 6th;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1S4S.
M. WILLE. crystal -seer, clairvoyant, medium:
sittings, 9 a.m. to 8 p.m.; 50c. 215 Leavenworth.
Mrs. Mallory. clairvoyant card reader;when oth-
ers fall consult me; L. 25c, G. 50c. 917 Howard.
MME. "WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c;
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S"4 Jessie et., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. 1140 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS. BROWN, i clairvoyant, card reader;
ladles 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth st.
CAPE IS*O3IE.
CAPE NOMe" Teller City and all points in
Alaska. For freight & passage rates call or
write C. F. MOORE. 935 Market St.. rm. 6.
DEXTISTS. .
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIcT^oVjJar^
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 B0 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
flce hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2.
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M.D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, pVates, bridges
and fillings;' extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; . lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50: fillings.
EOc; plates. $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly installments: lowest rates.
PARIS Dental Parlors. 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full met of teeth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings; 23c.
DR. R. L.WALSH,815% Geary, nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST prices in S. F. Painless extraction,
. 50c N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission st., cor. 6th:
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. "DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk st. i _^
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legi-
timate detective business; divorce cases posi-
tively refused. Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco; tel. South 381.
DRESSMAKERS AND SE.UISTRBSSES
MISS GILLIGAN'S dressmaker, tailor system
taught. 10 Metcalf pi., nr. Mason st.,off Geary.
MCDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates'; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL. *~ ~~
AYRES' Leading BuslnesTcoliege" 72TMarket—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, cm'l arithmetic, com'l law.
penmanship, etc.; experienced teachers; new
typewriters; positions secured; catalogue free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.-
Shorthand. typing and bookkeeping: Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportorial phrasing taught; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
A— THE .LYCEUM." an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
INSTRUCTOR of experience will coach In
Greek, Latin, mathematics; references. Ad-
dress box 2269. Call offlce, Oakland. :
ACTING, elocution, special ties; Hallett School,
associated with . theatrical . agency securing
positions. ' Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
lng, practical bookkeeping.- Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott . bldg. ; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINF.EHING — Civil, elec, mining, mech.,eur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. ¦ Van
der Naillen School, 113 Fulton, nr.- City Hall.
AID In geometry and algebra personally, by
correspondence and weekly papers: ;~3014 16th.
FURNITURE. FOR. SALE.
FURNITURE of 12-room house; billiard-room; j
all new; will sell just as It stands or carpets;
rent $50. Address 25 Baker st., cor. Page.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462. Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071." »
BEFORE disposing of your furniture, see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st. - '
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
•price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin ; tel.Polk 694 ;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY, buys .. your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market st. : tel. 761 Jessie.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'SL.Phone Grant 185
¦ HOTEL DEPARTMENT .:
2 waitresses. ' State of Nevada, fare paid. ..$20
2 waitresses, springs, Sonoma County $20
2 waitresses, resort, Sonoma County $20
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz $20
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz Mts., fare paid... $20
2 waitresses, -springs, Santa Clara County.. $20
2 waitresses, Amador County, fare paid....
2 waitresses, south, fare paid $25
Waitress, ¦ summer resort, see party Mon-
day morning .$20
25 waitresses, different commercial hotels..
$20-$23
20 waitresses, city, restaurants and hotels..
S20-$40
2 chambermaids, city.. .....$18-$2O
Cooks, hotels $25-130
• ghampooer, springs, fare advanced $25
LAUNDRY DEPARTMENT
2 women ironers on ladies' clothes, Lake Ta- .
hoe, fare paid, $35 ; fancy ironer. resort, $35,
short distance; laundress, summer resort, $30,
fare paid; Ironer, Santa • Rosa, $40; fancy
ironer, Palo Alto, $30.
.....FAMILY DEPARTMENT... .:
Cook and second I girls, same house, {15;
housekeeper for old lady, country, $15; house-
keeper for widower and 2 children, $15 and
fare paid; woman with a child, $15; German
woman with a child as cook for small coun-
try hotel. $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
2 GIRLS for same family, $15 each: one to take
care of small children and light second work,
the other for cooking and housework; office
fee paid by lady.
C. R. HANSEN &.CO ;.1O4 Geary st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman about 35; care of small
children; references; good home; no offlce
fee: $10-$12.
C. R. HANSEN &.CO 104 Geary st.
LYDA FORRESTER, the pastry cook— Please
call or send address to C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO...... Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Waitresses for first-class springs, mountain
and coast resorts, $20 and $25. fares oatd; 8
waitresses, flrst-class commercial hotels, $20
and $25; 5 waitresses, city, $20; 2 chamber-
maids for flrst-class resort hotels, fare
paid ; chambermaid, commercial hotels, $20 ;
3 chambermaids, to wait, $20; woman cook,
$30, fare here, see party here.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Many choice positions In this department.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO... 335 Geary.
WANTED— Second work, 2 in family, $25, see
lady at 11 a. m. ; German cook, $35; 5 cooks,
plain wash, $25, $30, American families; cook
for Stockton, $30; head waitress, $25, for the
springs; cook for fruit ranch, $30; 7 wait-
resses, hotel - and resorts, $20, $25; 2 laun-
dresses, 530, private families; Ironer, $30; res-
taurant waitresses, $7 a week; boarding-
house cook, $30; a large number of house
girls. $20, $25, city and country. J. F. CRO-
SKTT & CO.. 316 Sutter st.
2 NEAT young salesladies, no exoerience nec-
essary, for extra work; good wages. MRS. M.
E. DAY, 335 Geary st. ,
2 MANGLE hands for hotel laundry, flrst-
class resort, fare paid. OIRS. M. E. DAY,
335 Geary st.
WANTED— Girl to assist in housework and
care of 2 children; references required; wages
$16. 1623 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Refined German woman to take
care of 2 little girls; references required.
Box 4416, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on coats; also girl to
learn. 354 Geary st. ; call after. 9 a.m. V
W ANTED— German or American girl; light
housework. 1120A Treat ave.
YOUNG girl for cooking and general house-
. work; 2 In family; wages $15. 203 Taylor st.
WANTED— Competent girl for cooking and
housework. Apply at 2409 Washington st.
GIRL for general housework. 1264 Ellis st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20. 336
Third st.
NEAT girl to le,arn dressmaking. Spring Val-
ley building, room 129, Geary, and -Stockton.
GERMAN girl for housework; small family;
no children; wages $12. 1432 O'Farrell st.'
YOUNG girl; general housework; 4 adults; $15
to $20 month. 15 Fair Oaks st.
WANTED— Waitress at 1007 Market st.
GIRL for general housework*. 100 McAllister st.
WANTED — German girl for upstairs work and'
assist /with children; apply mornings; car
fare refunded. 1004 Paru st, Morton station,
Alameda. ¦¦ • '
WANTED — Business woman of experience and
gocd Judgment can find good opening. Ad-
dress box 4385, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS operator on vests; steady work
guaranteed. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market st. :
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' waists
and wrappers; steady work: electric power.
MARKS BRO3., 1212 Market st.
FEW more agents wanted In every town on
Pacific Coast to advertise and sell medicine;
good commission. 1327, Market st., room 3. %
WANTED— A German girl to care for children
during the day. 1620 Waller St.
TWO girls, one cook and housework, one nurse
•for 2 children. 1816 Baker st. .
GIRL for second work and. waitress. Apply
with reference Monday, " 2440 Pacific ave.
FIRST-CLASS buttonhole maker and finisher
on vests; good wages. "919% Howard st.
GIRLS wanted. Bookbindery, 536 Clay 'St..
WANTED-^First-class finisher on pants; steady
work. 461V4 Minna",st.. near Sixth.
¦WANTED— Neat girl to wait at table and other
light work. Apply 306 Leavenworth . st.
WANTED— A girl for pasting. Satchel factory,
Seventeenth and Folsom sts.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom coats; steady
work. 222 Kearny st.
WANTED— A finisher on coats; steady, work.
Apply ' to S. JACOBS, 127 Russ st.
GOOD girl to learn bookbinding. MYSELL,
ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st.
WANTED— A lady to assist In light housework;
good home. Call after 2 p. m., 116 Taylor st.
A GERMAN girl for cooking and housework;
• . wages $20. ¦ Apply 321 Kearny Bt.
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies* waists;
good pay. S. F. M. CO., 523 Market Bt.
WANTED — Experienced waitresses; also girls to
learn waiting on table. 725 Market st. . ,
WANTED— Experienced waitresses; also girls
to learn; no fee. 127 Mason st.
'WANTED — Girl to work in shooting gallery;
good wages. 523 Pacific st. .*."•
GOOD sewer wanted in bindery. MYSELL-
ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st..
OPERATORS and finishers on gents* white
shirts. 535 . Valencia. , - - ¦ :
LADIES wishing to marry send address to
MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis st; no charges.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has j been established at 1096
Valencia st. •, : '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmora.
. HELP WANTED— MALE.
¦COACHMAN, $35 and found; choremen, $20 and
$30 andfound; milkers for Santa Barbara and"
-San Benito counties, $30 and found; 2 men. ;
and wives, $35 and found ;. stablemen, $30 and
found and $35; man for milk depot, $35 and'
found; 2 ironers, $35 and found; teamster for
ranch. $2 day and board; teamsters,- »1 25 and
board; blacksmiths and miners, $3 and
board and $2 50 day; lumber pliers, $35 and
• board, and others. ¦ J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
3 SECOND cooks. $40 and $50; restaurant cook,
¦ $40; oysterman and waiter, $10 week; hotel
cook, country, $50; third hand baker, ¦ country,
$30 and found; hotel waiters, $25; dishwashers
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
j ramento st. . • '
AT CALIFORNIA EMPLOYMENT AGENCY,
.59 Third st. ; phone Bush ' 405. .-
-100 R. R. laborers, - 8. P.'Co.'s own work;
L.. A. 'and Santa Barbara divisions; ¦ '^ -'„•.
No experience required.
$1 offlce fee; no other expense.
FREE FARE. SHIP. DAILY. FREE FARE.
10 harvest hands... ...... $2 per day and board
10 lumber pliers....'. .$35 per month and board.
: Blacksmith, country.... $3 per day. -
6 men to handle grain.. ....... .'.....$3 per day
/.Blacksmith's helper, country, $2 day & board.
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE, 323 Kearny st.
-50 R. R. laborers, ¦ Uklah and Santa' Barbara,
. free fare ; 50 laborers - for lumber mill, ship •
Monday; 20 laborers and 20 teamsters, $2 25,
country, fare $1 20; porter, $30 and found. .<."
JOURNEYMEN. Barbers' International Union
meets to-night, 8:30, 32 O'Farrell. I. Less, Sec.'.
HELP ; WA?ITRn-- - - * T ' F: -— •*".??
A.— MURRAY & READY.. Phone>Maln 6848
¦ Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
¦ ...Offlce open 7 a. m. Monday. ........
'575 men to work on R. R free fare
'.*....: ....For S. P. R. R. Co..
For ' Santa Fe R. R
.. .....For Cal. N. W. RY. CO
....; We ship three times dally —
• MORNING.... NOON NIGHT...
.?.:........ Cal. N. W. RY. ........;
100 teamsters and laborers, Uktah.-.free fare
........: ..SANTA FE R. R
125 men as laborers (no experience required)
to work on the Santa Fe R. R. system;
Stockton, Merced, Bakersfleld... free fare
..;.... .8. P. R. R. CO -•
300 laborers on the S. P. R. R. Co.' a different
divisions,' including .Los Angeles' and Santa
Barbara; wages for the above R. R. work
$1 75 to $2 50 day free fare
GOLD............. MINES SILVER
2 machine miners, gold mine, fare paid
: $75 and found
3 single hand miners, gold mine, Amador
Co., $75; 2 miners, south $50 and found
4 miners, ' Cinnabar mine *75
6 single hand miners '460
20 drillers, tunnel work ..$2 50 day
20 laborers, tunnel work $2 25 day
25 tunnel men, reduced fares.. ?3 day
5 laborers, good mine, fare $2 50.. $34 & found
10 laborers, large mine : -$?5
15 muckers, steady work........ $60 and found
LABORERS AND • WAREHOUSE MEN. •
15 laborers for warehouse work, country, free
fare; office .fee 11; $2 50 day; ship to-day,
Monday i
5 men to truck grain 25c per hour
6 laborers to handle freight.... $40 and found,
10 laborers, no blankets needed $27 50
Board and room — 17 laborers $2 day
15 qua'rry men ". : $2 to $2 25 day
10 laborers for manufacturing Co
$32 50 to $40 and found
150 laborers, ditch and other .work, Shasta,
. Trinity and Siskiyou counties, reduced fares..
' ...$2 25 to $3 day
.......NEW WORK— AMADOR CO
10 2-horse teamsters .'... $2 day
10 4-horse teamsters -J2 day
SAWMILLS....;.... WOODS YARDS
15 men to work In woods... $40 to $65 & found
10 experienced woodsmen $65 and found
10 laborers, for mills, yards and woods, fare
paid, 2 linemen, crosscut sawyers, 3 jackr
screwers ..; '. • '
20- men to pile cord wood $60
FARMS DAIRIES ORCHARDS
HAY AND.HARVES/T FIELDS
5 men for large .wheat ranch for harvest
work, $2 day and found, fare $130; 175 men
-for hay and harvest work, $125 to $2 day,
15 men for steady ranch jobs. $25 to $35; 15
orchard and vineyard hands, $25 to $30; 5
pruners, $26 and found; hay balers, $3 50 day;
cheese maker, $35; 27 milkers, different dair-
ies, $30 to $40: 3 butter makers and milkers,
$30 and found; 3 choremen, private places,
$30 and $25 ; 16 choremen and boys, $15, $20
and $S0 and found.
MECHANICAL HELP
.Machine blacksmith, near city, $3 50 day;
' blacksmith, quarry, north, $3 day; horseshoer,
country shop, easy Job, $2 50 day; 3 black-
smith's helpers, no shoeing; woodwprky,
camp, second man, $1 75 Cay and found; car-
riage-painter, fare 60c, $40 and found; ranch
carpenters, $40 and $30 and found ;.holder-on,
•boiler shop, $2 day; stone cutters, no tools,
$2 50 day; machinists, pipe fitters, boiler-
makers and helpers; man to run steam shovel
plant; 14 blacksmiths for other positions;
blacksmith helper, ranch, $40 and fd.; young
man for planing mill, city.
MISCELLANEOUS
Gardener. Santa Clara County, $30 and found;
choreman, private place, 3 cows, 3 horses,
$30 and found; teamster for country mer-
chandise store; general utility man, store,
country, $30 and found; stableman, vineyard
company, $30 and found; 16 -hostlers and
stablemen, city and country livery and pri-
vate stables; butcher, country shop, $30 and
found; 2 men for barge, $40 and found; 5 deck
hands. $40. :
HOTEL ' BAKERY
OTHER DEPARTMENTS
Butcher, shop and wagon, country, $30 & f d.
Camp cook, railroad, free fare. .$45 and found
Cook for mine crew of 20 $40 and found
Cook, small camp, fare $1 50 $30 and found
10 cooks, hotels, city and country
6 ranch cooks $23 to $35 and found
2 camp waiters, mine -. $30 and: found
Camp waiter, near city, $20; 2 waiters, same
country hotel, $35; 15 other waiters; 36 dish-
washers, porters and kitchen hands; steward,
boarding-house, mine company, $40 and found;
baker, country shop, $60; 2 bakers' helpers; 3
butchers. MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... 104 GEARY ST.
Wanted— 2000 men for new railroad work....
FREE FARE ..-, FREE FARE
FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters and laborers $2
FOR NEVADA
150 teamsters and laborers $2
FOR TRUCKEE
200 laborers and teamsters
FOR COAST ROAD
100 laborers, ballasting track. ..; $1 75
For Los Angeles and Santa Barbara
Divisions
.:., For Santa Fe System
100 laborers, section work $1 75
For Stockton and Merced Divisions
For Chatsworth Park, big tunnel
50 heading men and drillers $2 25 and $2 50
100 muckers and laborers $1 75 and $2
Free Fare Ship To-da^- Free Fare
2 locomotive firemen, $65; German cheese-
maker, $60; blacksmiths and woodworkers, $40
to $54 and board; 50 laborers for a big ditch,
'$2 25 a day; 6 asphalt miners, $2 a day and
board ¦ t...
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Fry cook, $C5; assistant butcher, $50; assistant
confectioner, $25; assistant baker, $25; 3 bell-
boys, $20, for first-class country hotel, fares
paid: strong, active man for dishwashing ma-
chine, country hotel, $30, fare paid; 6 second
cooks, fryers and broilers, $60 to $70; head
cook, $60; second cook, $40; dishwasher, $20, for
summer resort <
3 Eastern waiters, American plan, $35;' head
"waiter, springs, $35; 6 hotel waiters, country,
$25: 6 bell and elevator boys, $15 to $25 ..;
Ironer $40, washer $30 and hanger-up $25, for
country hotel '.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Unton—
Free employment. 927 Market sL, room. 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
BARBER for Wednesday and Thursday even-
Ings, - Saturday and Sunday; steady./ Box
4329, Call offlce. i - '
WANTED— Stock clerk for men's clothing de-
' partment at RAPHAEL'S, Inc. •
TEN flrst-class painters wanted. 1614 Market
street.
3 TEAMSTERS and 4 laborers. Fourteenth ave.
and N st. .South; take Kentucky-st. cars.
TEAMSTERS and laborers. Fourteenth ave.
and N st. south; take Kentucky-st. cars.
BOOTBLACK wanted; steady Job; good wages
and found. 1048 McAllister st. .
WANTED— Irishman to assist in bar; small
pay. 143 Fifth st. \
FIRST-CLASS bootblack for barber shop; $10
per week. • 238 O'Farrell st.
DAY waiter and dishwasher Wanted. 315 Grant
avenue. ¦ • ?
BARBER wanted; $17 per week. 6 Market st.
WANTED— A reliable bedmaker. 47 Steuart
street.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third st.
BOY, 14 to 18. to work In city; one without
home or friends. Box 4419, Call offlce.
WAITER wanted. 210 Townsend st.
WANTED — Strong boy with 1 experience for
blacksmith shop. 2423 Mission st.
BOOTBLACK wanted; boy from 15 to 18 pre-
ferred. 143 Larkin st.- ' ¦ . ¦ -
"WANTED— A flrst-class night dishwasher. .¦ 304
Mason St.,
WANTED— Night cashier." 29 Stockton st.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap. 206
Leavenworth st. - :,-; -¦ .-
THE Boston Institute i of Autoshaving— We
teach men the art of self-shaving; terms rea-
sonable; offlce hours 10 to 12 a. m.. 1 to 4
and 6 to 8 p. m. 105 Ellis St., room 31.
BARBER shop for sale; best location "in town,
opposite the P. 0.; good for $100 per month;
. will sell for $125; reason of selling, wife's
poor health. Auburn, Cal.
WANTED— Steady young man to assist gener-
ally in light indoor work; $15 per week to
start; must have $100 cash. 25 Geary St., r. 1.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS^
¦ Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R;, room 40, Phelan .bldg.. 806 Market.
WANTED— Boy 16 to 18, for offlce work, type-
writing and some knowledge "of bookkeeping;
salary $20 per month. Box 4415 Call office.
SHOEMAKERS wanted— Lasters, puller-overs
on Ideal lasting- machine; good pay to the
. right men. | Apply foreman, 103 . Mission st.
PENSION ATTORNEY EDWARD A. BULLIS,
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2,
. G. A. R., room' 40, Phelan bldg., 806 Market.
BARBER shop: 2 chairs; old stand; Western
Addition. STOLTZ. 723 Market st. ¦
GOOD boy who understands bookbinding. MI-
SELL-ROLLINS & CO., 22 Clay Bt.
BOY wanted with some experience at wagon-
making. 2315 Pine st. ,
TAILOR to trim / up work for coat shop.
BELASCO-HARRIS CO.,;, 541 Market St.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. S23 Howard.
GET your shoes half -soled while waiting; 25c
to 60c. I 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts. ¦
¦WANTED— 100 quarrymen and rock drillers.
: .Apply 232 Montgomery, st
McDONALD & PERRY have 50O pairs second-
¦ hand shoes for. sale; 50c. \ 241 Third St.
SAILORS, ordinary, for 'ships for all parti of
: world. ; HERMAN' S, 26 Steuart st. ¦ i
AT cash prices for $1 per\week, men's suits to
r order. .NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny. st. : ¦
'¦: HELP WASTED— MAUB— Con.
MEN wanted to learn the barber trade: only A
8 weeks required; 2 years' time saved by our
methed; examination and diploma given
free; complete outfit of tools donated; special
Inducements this month. Call or write at
once for special offer and free catalogue.
MOLER BARBER COLLEGE. 635 Clay St. . -
SOLDIERS wanted learn the barber trade;
special Inducements; situations guaranteed
after 8 weeks' practice; call or write at -once
for special offer and free catalogue. MOLER
COLLEGE, 633 Clay st. -
¦ 1 ' 1
WANTED— A first-class ironer on skirts, shirt
waists, etc.; a steady place; wages $30 and
found. Address or telephone Stanford French
Laundry. Palo Alto. ¦
WANTED— At Master Bakers' Protective As- 'j
soclation, foreman, second and third bread
bakers; also confectioners; good pay; perma-
nent positions. 127 Mason et. ,*.H. i
WANTED— Laborers -and mechanics to know _
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still i
runs Den,ver House. 217 Third st.; 150 large
rooms;. 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. ;
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half f
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st, and 2d sts. j
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions J
received at Call branch office,, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
HORSES AXD WAGOXS. J
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN •& DOYLE, Auctioneers. .
A HANDSOME registered young thoroughbred,
broken to saddle and harness; lady drives
him: cheap at $150; don't answer if you are
looking for a $50 horse. 125 Geary st.
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
. pacers. 721 Howard st. .__ j
GENTLE family cow for sale. 190 Preclta ave..
A LARGE one-horse express wagon, with -
sheet-Iron Bottom. 1370 Turk st. '
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc., cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st. -
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single; also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
. HORSES WANTED.
HORSES wanted to work on scraper Job; four .
or five months' work. Apply at 24 Montrotn- ]
ery St.. room 25.
HOUSES TO LET. /
A— PRINTED list houses to let: send for clr- 3
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FINE house; 9 rooms with rear lot on other (
street. 1218 Turk st. ; rent $35.
$10— COTTAGE of 5 rooms. Apply 9 Florence j
place, bet. Taylor and Jones sts.. off Vallejo.
' HOUSES WASTED. ]
LODGING-HOUSE wanted by competent, hon- :
orable couple; will rent or buy on install- '
ments. Box 4370. Call offlce. .
MODERN house in good locality: about 10 '
rooms; no small children. Box 4408. Call. .
¦ (
INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
HOT bath in ten minutes at cost of 2%c; saves
fire in range; you light your flame and by the .
time you are disrobed "your bath Is ready; no
danger from explosion; sold on installments:
call and see it in operation. RIBBON
"WATER-HEATING CO.. Exam, bldg.. r. 607.
LOST AND FOUXD.
LOST— Sunday, Scotch collie dog (pup), marked,
white muzzle: collar; four white feet; white
on tip of tall. Return to 154 Golden Gate
ave.; reward.
LOST — $50 reward; a diamond sunburst at
. Techau's Tavern or Ellis st. to Market, to '
Third, to Grand Opera-house. JOHN MOR-
RISSEY, Orpheum. .
LOST— In Golden Gate Park. Sunday. July 7.
a boy's grey overcoat. Finder please notify
M., 532 Clay st.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In tha
name of AGNES BEND: No. 248-740. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A pair of gold eyeglasses: liberal re-
ward. Address box. 4373, Call office.'
LOST— A 'passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of OLIVER McNORTON or FLOR-
ENCE McNORTON; No. 172-671; the finder
will please return to bank. •
LIBERAL reward for the return of pocketbook
lost July 4; contains papers of Importance only
to owner, R. R. tickets; also money. G. A.
YBERRI. California Hotel.
LOST — White -bull terrier dog; long ears and •
long tail. Return to 111 Eddy st. and receive
reward.
STRAYED— July 1, a large tiger-striped male
cat from rear of 1012 Geary st.; reward If re-
turned.
LOST— Female Irish setter. Return to 2363
Pine st.; liberal reward.
Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
Jeweler. 248 O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason. .
MATRIMONIAL. .
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for latest list. MRS. HERTZ, 706 Ellis
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized; uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar- :
anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell st;
tel. Bush 421. ¦ ,
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. ' Mo
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont st. -
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have' a large stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship everything ,
In 24 hours.', J. NOON AN, 1017. 1019, 1021. 1C23 .
Mission St.. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
AIR compressor, 3 sizes, -5. 10 and 20 stamp
mills; 30 mining cars, pumps, locomotive, rail
motors, generators: 4 sets hoisting works; •
steam and water power. J. B. JARDINE, 220 !
Fremont at.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en- .
glnes boilers, water pipes, shaftings, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 216 Spear st. ;
50 000-GALLON redwood tank and frame; 3, 4
and 6 inch pipe; second hand. THOMPSON, 40 !
Main st.
LADIES' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. SILVERMAN, 984 Folsom; tel. Fol- '
Bom 1191. .
FOR sale-^Steel gasoline launch, 32 feet long, -
9 feet beam. Address H., Postofflce box 2521,
San Francisco. :
A — 2. 8 AND 23 . horsepower gasoline engines;
latest model. Address box 4375, Call office.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress .
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 12S Ellis st. ,
A$3 50 DERBY and Fedora bats, $1 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St., near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT '
CLOTHING PARLORS, 437 Montgomery st.
4 BEAUTIFUL diamond rings for sale cheap; •
no reasonable offer refused. 2400 Howard st. '
2D-HAND machinery all kinds bought, . sold, >
rented, exchanged. H. Sf White. 516 Mission.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE :
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St., San Fran.
$64 MAGIC lantern and moving picture ma-
chine $37 50. 103 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER- '
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery
J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel
lined safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
GASOLINE . engines. 2d-hand, and other ma-
chlnery bought and sold. Epstein, 538 Mission.
Gasoline or distillate engines.' new & 2d-hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
"We pay big prices -for sealskins. Portland
Loan Offlce. 25 Stockton st ,:
•MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
TILTON ¦wants 2nd-hand clothing, especially
. skirts, street dresses. 154 9th : tel. Folsom 2522.
MEDICAL.
A-RENOWNED specialist: those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male comolalnts relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate: the most obstinate
cases are Immediately relieved without pain;
. no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
. anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL, 1018 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment; the most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhaa.
gonorrhea and all troubles of male and female
sexual ors-ans; treat yourself; be your own
doctor; 4 months' suppository treatment, $4;
maternity home: bust developer; send stamp
' for circular* 0126 Market -W ». F., CaU
SIEDICAI^— Continue^ _^
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give ln-
rtant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain; travelers helped, no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL, 11-
Market, bet. Mason and .Taylor, opp. Hale s.
DR. and Mrs. Davies. 1228 Market; o« r regula^
tor is a treatment superior to others, has
brought health and happiness to- thousands of
anxious, suffering and despondent : women #
office treatment guaranteed: strictly reliable.
MRS. DR. WTETH has removed from POst st.
to 410 O'Farrell; reliable ladles' specialist; 26
years' successful practice; guar. treatment at
offlce; any ailment: private home for patients
before and during confinement: low rees.
*A POSITIVE cure guaranteed in all female
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate cases relieved
without pain; best care; fee low; consult iree.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 111S Market, nr. Mason.
T. DUFFY'S solution guaranteed to cure all
skin diseases. NW. cor. G. G. ave. & Fillmore.
31 0 XEY TO LO AX.
ANY AMOUNT~AT 6 PER CENT «
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest in real estate In probate.
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay.
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAX. 24 Montgomery St.. room 3.
A— MONEY to lean at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
• their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10, 906 Market St.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first,
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; secur-
ities, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16. 1st fioor,
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probate,
undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
gages, etc. •'- »¦-
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est • rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 948 Market
St.; tel. Main 1844. Branch 19 Third st.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private-
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 801 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
Quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st., room 68.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal;
low rate; strictly private. Lick, llff McAllister.
ONE per cent on furniture: 13 a. month on each
¦ $1000; any security. 303 Montgomery St., r. 1.
8% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission: private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY, 143 Phelan building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS money on salary: no lndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 222 Sansome Et., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
A FACT worth remembering— that we- are offer-
ing you 20 and 30 per cent discount on all
pianos purchased this month, from us; we
sell not only pianos but the Olympic music
boxes on easy payments; you have this ad-
vantage if you trade with us— we do not take
away the Instrument if you are not able to
pay regularly; we don't. do business that way;
come and see us p.nd get prices and terms.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO., 763 Mar-
ket st.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN*. CLAY
& CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
; price allowed. New upright pianos. $S per
month; some good pianos sold for $3, $4 and
IS per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
: Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
| ets., San Francisco; corner Broadway and .
Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
THE WILEY B. ALLEN CO., 833 Market St.,
op. Mason (branch 951 Oakland).
Steck, Everett, Hardman, Ludwlg. Packard
and other high-grade pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price; costs you . only 20e a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell St.; established 1S30.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains — 1 Emer-
son, 1 Hallet & Davis, 1 Conover, 1 Curtaz, 1
Sterling, $75. $125, $145. etc.; easy payments.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, IS O'Farrell St..
Chickering. Vase. Sterling Agency; also
Apollo, king of self-players.
ALL makes; great bargain; $30 up; rents $2
up allowed; we want agents; pianos furnished
free: you get first money when you sell.
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storag« pianos
at your own price: $6 Installments: no re-
serve. WILSON'S STORAGE. 1706 Market st.
BARGAINS— Halnes, $290; Kramer. $135: Nleu-
mann $140: Cable. $175. W. C. HAMILTON.
8 Flood building.
IF you wish first-class repair work dona call
and Inspect our factory. BYRON" MAUZY.
303 Post st. ;
Keeffe's, 314 Post— Bargains this wk.; Shonln-
ger. Schubert. Behnlng and Schumann pianos.
TWO upright pianos left an sale; Fisher $35,
Chickering $185. Room 38. 7X1 G»ary St.
ELEGANT standard upright piano; little) used;
party leaving city; sacrifice. 783 Ellis st. .
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister St.
A SPLENDID Steinway; uprights $100: pianos
; rented $2 upward. BRUENX. 203 Post at.
$S0— FINE upright: baby grand Stetnway; other
makes. FATS Piano Factory. 1723 Mission.
A LARGE lot of second-hand upright pianos
for sale cheap. HORNUNG'S. 216 McAllister.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Hayes st.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Me-
Alllster st
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MTTLLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
OFFICE space to let, 630 Market st. Apply at
Mlneograph office.
FOR rent— Cigar stand. Southwest corner of
Mason* and Ellis sts. ».*- :
LIGHT, cheerful offices: $15 anfl $20. Emma
Ppreckels buildlnsr. 927 Market st.
OIL.
CALISTOGA Oil and Development Company,
operating on 2120 acres of oil land In nine
districts. Offlce. 23 and 24 Merchanta- Ex.
COSTA RICA— Lest chance at lOo; big advance
In a few days. Pacific States Mining and
Investment Co.. 328 Post. Open evenings.
OIL tanks, second hand. In good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PAINTERS AXP DECORATORS.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting; good, rell-
ablework. Clark's. SOS Larkin: tel. Larkin 1C60.
~ ;.*¦' PERSONALS.
,,- rr - ., . . -j.-ij,., .,,,.,,.,. ,--!--.-¦ j-i.- -ijTju-.- ---.--r
A — IF your hair la falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE". 4S8 Geary st.. and you
will not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world: call or send for circular.
ELECTRIC light in every room — Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 SO per night; $1 BO to $3 per week:
' free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genulns
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress suits, $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St., between Seventh and Eighth.
A MECHANIC. 31, wishe* to correspond or
meet a domestic young lady; object matri-
mony. Box 4412. Call.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO., 1310-1313 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
Ladles' and gents' cast-off clothing bought and
sold. J. Sllverman. 934 Folsom;tel. Folsom 1131.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggist!*.
POISON oak cured in one application or no pay;
satisfaction guaranteed. 4T.D Hayes st.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with '
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR made suits $7 50: dress pants $2 50
Misfit Clothing Parlor, eor. Bush and DupontI
OLD gold," silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st."
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wles-
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.; 733 Mkt.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French O6m Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. - ¦ -' ¦
CHEAPEST and best m "America-The Weekly
c , al ,l- 16 Pages, sent- to any address in tha
United States or CUnad* on* ye ar tar*. ,REAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
- Alameda County. ".
Nicholas Tank to Fausblno ' Zlllani, lots 19
and 20, Vlscher Tract, 'Alameda; $10. '.
William E. Probst to Marie C. Probst, lot on
SW corner of -Webster street .and : Taylor ave
nue, W- 110:10 by S 50, lots 13 and 14, block A,
map. of property of James Riddell. .Alameda;
gift. •. ' . •¦¦.---•¦. • ¦¦¦'_--¦¦¦¦¦
Louis S.. Probst to . same, t same, Alameda;
gift. '¦ ¦ • ¦" . ' •¦ -: *- r ; - ¦ -';--
' Catherine H. Graham to Osmer N. Clark,
lots 28 and '29. block,!., Andrew Jones' subdi
vision, Brooklyn Township;. $10.
Nora Fan-ill (widow) to Jose Caetana de Fra-~
go and Mariana Nunes de Frago, lots 26 to 28,
block A,, resubdi vision Frultvale Tract,' Brook
lyn Township ; $315. •¦ ',''¦
Mary and John J. Hoggin to Rosa S. Barron,
lots 1 to 4, Seminary Avenue Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10. ¦' ¦ ' • • < t :¦ •
. John W. and Samuel W. Bones and Mary R.
Luders (widow) to- Frances :P.^Frlck, lot 4,
Point . Briggs . and McGowan ' Tract, Alameda ;
$1400.. - ¦ - - ¦ [^/-"--' - - • -• •• ...Vrl
A Preparation for. Real Lifer
The headmaster of a . Latin > school in
Cambridge • is outspoken against basket
ball for girls, holding that, it is anun
necessary part of their education: ; If- he
could-know --of' the ¦„ scrimmages Jn; after
life which will take place at bargain coun-"
tera of ' department stores ; he would . not
think i this -f athletic training •' superfluous. —
Newark Advertiser..-. ; '¦mamm6msB&.
Training Ship Alert to Sail,
The naval training " ¦'; ship "Alert ; came
down > from Mare ¦ Island several days ago
and went, to the training station at , Goat
Island. A - draft of - 124 apprentice boys
was put . aboard her. from the . Pensacola
and yesterday she anchored in the stream
ready for sea... It will.be ..Wednesday be
fore she gets away; however. From here
the Alert will go to Honolulu and then
on to Yokohama/: She will, remain for.
some time in Japanese waters and will
then come back to 'San Francisco by way
of Puget Sound and the Columbia River.
The boys are. all eager to get away on
their maiden cruise. . . ...
. ¦_ ¦ m ¦
"Water Front - Notes.
The schooner Uranus • returned from a
codfishing cruise -yesterday with a catch
of 53,000 fish. She reports that on June 21
the barkentlne Fremont .. with 30,000 fish,
the .schooner . Stanley with 30,000, the
schooner Mary and Ida with 11,000 and
the brig Harriet G and 'the schooner
Arajo T*ere In Dublin" feay. . -
The British ship Engelhorn arrived yes
terday in' ballast after a voyage of nine
days from Puget Sound. She came here
to load wheat for England and has made
a long run in order to secure the charter.
The Engelhorn went from Cardiff to Wel
haiwei with a cargo of coal. From China
she went to Puget Sound | in ballast, and
on her arrival there was ordered to San
Francisco to load. She left Cardiff Octo
ber 9, 1900, and has been in ballast since
last April. * , ' £ , .
The transport Thomas went on Hunters
Point drydock yesterday. She will be
overhauled and got ready to sail with a
number of school teachers on the 23d lnst.
The British tramp steamship Royalist
-goes from here to Portland, Or., to load
lumber for Taku, China. V
A new steam schooner named the Gua
lala was launched from Stone's ways at
Alameda Point yesterday. She Is a sister
ship to the Redwood City and will carry
lumber from Mendocino. Both vessels
have a capacity. of 350,000 feet. Owing to
the strike, it will be some time before
they are engined and ready, for sea.
Weather Report.
¦ ¦, -¦ : _- - ¦ v ,
\ (120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, July 7—5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka. 58; Mount Tamalpals, .75: San Luis
Oblepo 70; Red Bluff. 96; -Fresno, 98; Lob An
geles, 84; Sacramepto, 84; Independence, 96;
San Diego, 68. ,. '¦
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60; minimum; .48; mean, 54.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Partly cloudy weather prevails in Washing
ton Oregon and Northern Arizona; elsewhere
on the Pacific slope clear weather obtains. ¦•-•
The' pressure has risen over Northern Cali
fornia and the western portions of Washington
and Oregon, and fallen In Southern California,
Arizona and the plateau and Rocky Mountain
1 The temperature has fallen west of the Rocky
Mountains, except a slight rise along the cen
tral and southern coast of California.
Conditions are favorable for fair weather in
California Monday, -slightly warmer along the
central coast. ¦ - " - ' .. . .
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight July 8:
Northern California— Fair Monday; warmer In
southwest portion; fresh northwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Monday; freeh west
Nevada — Fair Monday; cooler;; fresh north
west wind. ¦ . ' ¦ , : ' ' ,' ' ' .
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday;
warmer; fresh northwest wind in the after
noon. ' '.• ' . - . ." • • . • •
San Jose— Strong north wind. Prunes drop
ping considerably in some localities. ¦ Apricots
very light. ' ' '
• Palermo— Weather favorable for all crops;
wind south.
Napa— Weather favorable for all crops; wind
south. - ' i *-.'- .-•
. G. H. WILLSON, Local Forecast Official. \
- ¦ * ¦ ¦ — -
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
I F Junk, Chicago '•'
R Johnson, Cal
J Schwartzchlld, Cal
J A Roberts & w, Cal
G C Oxnard, Cal
C H Houdan, Cal .
J H Graham, Cal
J S Hltchlngs, N Y
F H Evans, Austin .
Mrs L B Smith, Cal
L Howitz, S Bernardin
Mrs E M Hunt, L AnK
Mrs A Irvtn, Arizona .
C W.Lewis, Stockton
E R Williamson, N Y
C A Grablll. Keswick
F C Staniford & w, Cal
C J S.teeple & w, Seatl
R Steeple, Seattle
P Smyerman, Seattle
E B de la Guerra, .Cal
L Sweet. Napa •"
Knights Landing
Dr G J Juenemann, : U
S A
G Wissemann & fam,
Sacto
W Nichols Jr, Cal
Mrs J Craig & dau,
Woodland .
L Hopkins, Petaluma
F W Carpenter. M D,
E Schweitzer, Chgo
H Graley, Sacta
Mrs H Graley, Sacto
C F Curry, Cal
S \V Van Syckel. N J
F H Hayes. NY
C W Pendleton, L Ang
A Fuller & w, Sacto
J Millay & w, Arizona
Mrs H P Hine, Arizon
N W Peterson & fam,
Fresno
H L Howe, Carters
w Gottssteln & w,
Seattle '
F H Veatch, Sacto
W H Sebastian, Cal "
F H Quinn, N Y
A F Kennedy,, N Y
Dr G C' Porter, Cal
W H Lyon, Seattle -
J F Ellison, R Bluff
E Blumlein, Cal'
A Burton,- Willows ¦
Mrs L E Stewart. L A
Miss J M Stewart, L A
Miss A E Stewart, L A,
G W Tuttle; Loa Ang
PALACE HOTEL. v.-
J H Ullman. Chicago
W D Lard. Chicago
M Dunn; ' Chicago •
T M CShea, Cal
J W Harrison, S Louis
J Camobell. St Louis
W A Farish, Denver ;
A B Adams. Mexico
G Goldsmith. Los Ang
L. Goldschmidt, L. Ang
Mr & Mrs Bradbury.
Losn Angeles •
T O'Neill. Los Ang
J A Llschen. - St Louis
J Daulton.'N/ Y -
T H Medbury. N Y
F I-Toyle. St Paul .
MAdler, Shanghai
L Brock, Yokohama
S S Clawson, Nashv
Mrs E D Baker,, Yreka
R M Deeley, England
G W Woolliscroft, Eng
E S Barney, 'Amador
W H Brophy & w.Ariz
D H Steinmetz.Carters
V O Davis, Chlttenden
J M Blanks & w, Tex
R M Jones. Victor
Dr J E Gardner, U SN
W O Rowe, N Y
W E Gerber. Sacto
C O Stevens, N Y
G L. Davis. NT
W Chapman & w. 'Eng-
Mrs L F Taylor, N J
G P Bent & vr, Chicago
Miss . Bent, Chicago .
B B Ellis. Hanford
W P Harrington, Cal i
J R Grant. Los Ang '.
F G Noyes, NY
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MON DAY, JULX 8, 190li
9
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
5?
• 3
3
a
a
Kg 0-
filial .
m
a
• t
Aetorla 30.20 66 60 N Clear
Baker -29.84 82 58 NW Clear
Parson . .....29.88 $2 53 W Clear
iureka !'. '.. ....' M.W 58 52 NW . Cloudy
Fresno ...29.80 104 64 NW . Clear
Flagstaff 29.94 86 56 NW Cloudy
Pocatello. Idaho..29.62 98 64 SW Clear
Independence ....29.62 % 66 SE C ear
[x>s Angeles 29.80 84 56 W C ear.
Phoenix 29.64 110 84 NW Clear
Portland 30.06 74 52 NW Clear
R*l Staff 29-82 96 66 SE Clear
Roseburg 30.12 64 54 . N Pt Cldy
Sacramento 29.86 90 54 SW Clear
Salt Lake 29.68 100 64 SW Ft Cldy
San Francisco.... 29.98 60 48 W Clear
San Luis Obispo.29.96 70 50 W Clear
3an DiegQ .......29.80 68 62 NW Clear
Seattle:.. 30.08 72 43 W Clear
Spokane 29.84 86 54 SW Ft Cldy
Neah Bay .......30.16 56 50 W Pt Cldy
Walla Walla.. ...29.86 90 64 SW Pt Cldy
mnnemucca ......29.72 90 58 NW C ear
Suma ......29.68 106 SO. SW Clear
0
0
0
0
G
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
.0
0
0
0
0
0
Temperature 7 a. m.. 51 degrees.
SPECIAL FRUIT SERVICE REPORTS.
STATIONS.
• - 3 b 3 3 :*£
at
3
ian Jose .' 82 56 N
>alermo 93 57 S
Japa 76 53 S
. Clear
Clear
Clear '.
0
0
. 0
THE COAST RECORD.
STATIONS.
5?
• 3
3
a
a
Kg 0-
filial .
m
a
• t
Aetorla 30.20 66 60 N Clear
Baker -29.84 82 58 NW Clear
Parson . .....29.88 $2 53 W Clear
iureka !'. '.. ....' M.W 58 52 NW . Cloudy
Fresno ...29.80 104 64 NW . Clear
Flagstaff 29.94 86 56 NW Cloudy
Pocatello. Idaho..29.62 98 64 SW Clear
Independence ....29.62 % 66 SE C ear
[x>s Angeles 29.80 84 56 W C ear.
Phoenix 29.64 110 84 NW Clear
Portland 30.06 74 52 NW Clear
R*l Staff 29-82 96 66 SE Clear
Roseburg 30.12 64 54 . N Pt Cldy
Sacramento 29.86 90 54 SW Clear
Salt Lake 29.68 100 64 SW Ft Cldy
San Francisco.... 29.98 60 48 W Clear
San Luis Obispo.29.96 70 50 W Clear
3an DiegQ .......29.80 68 62 NW Clear
Seattle:.. 30.08 72 43 W Clear
Spokane 29.84 86 54 SW Ft Cldy
Neah Bay .......30.16 56 50 W Pt Cldy
Walla Walla.. ...29.86 90 64 SW Pt Cldy
mnnemucca ......29.72 90 58 NW C ear
Suma ......29.68 106 SO. SW Clear
0
0
0
0
G
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
0
.0
0
0
0
0
0
Temperature 7 a. m.. 51 degrees.
SPECIAL FRUIT SERVICE REPORTS.
STATIONS.
• - 3 b 3 3 :*£
at
3
ian Jose .' 82 56 N
>alermo 93 57 S
Japa 76 53 S
. Clear
Clear
Clear '.
0
0
. 0
PALMISTRY. ;i
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
_ME. GERMAIN-, the business palmist of
the Pacific Coast: 1 to 5. 906 Market et.
B. JEKCME FOSSELLL scientific palmist. SIS
Taylor rt.. b»t. Geary and Post: tel. Black 561.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
DR. C C. O'DON-NELI— -Offlce and residence.
1CC1 Market St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
teg-tinncnlalg at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Elllf.
PILES.
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst: many who have suffered 20 to 30 years;
over 50 names of prominent business men
gent &£ reference; no chloroform, surgery or
delay, from business,-' and no salves for sale.
Particulars address Physician, box 1350 Call
offk-e. S. F.. Cal. ¦
REAL ESTATE-— CITY— -FOR SALE.
K'EW cor. house; 5 rms., bath, basement; JKOO;
installment $15 mo. 1337 Montgomery ave.
FOR eale— New cottage, 4 rooms, bath, large
basement, near Union et. 3022 Pierce 6t.
REAL. ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
J3000— A GREAT bargain; 100 acres; a profitable
and beautiful home farm on eide hill, 1 mile
from Calistoga, on county road; 10 acres in
fruit, all In bearing; 7 acres new vineyard;
cood -poll: well timbered; pasture and crop
land: beautiful view; improvements -first
class; house 6 rooms and bath, 1_ splendid
condition; barn and outhouses; water from
-springs piped to house and grounds; all farm-
. ing implements and tools, wagons, etc; good
-neasons for immediate sale. Address MRS.
A. MARTIN. Calistoga. CaL
FOR SALE.
BARGAIN IN SUBURBAN HOME.
Brand new. artistic 2-story and basement
house of 8 rooms, porcelain bath, furnace, etc,
in Ross Valley at San Anselmo, with magni-
ficent view of Mounty Tamalpals; only S min-
utes' walk from station; lot 100x221; price only
C3500. Apply to O. D. BALDWIN & SON, 22
Montgomery et., or to station master at San
Anselmo.
FOR sale— its acres Income bearing, well-kept
prune orchard, near GHroy; a snap for ready
money. Lock box 232, Gllroy, Cal.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for eale; write for
free list. C. R. WIXFIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
WHAT have you in 6. F.. Berkeley or Oakland,
clear, to exchange tor about 4-acre block, in-
cluding sheltered beach for salt water bath-
ing; 14-room residence; sewered; cement
basement, well and cistern water, glass con-
servatory, fountain, shade and fruit trees,
etc.; suitable for sanitarium or resort; thriv-
ing settlements adjacent; about two hours
from San Francisco; principals only. Address
box 4410. Call office. .
WISH to exchange good real estate In San
Jose; well improved; 5 60-varas. with large
bearing trees, all kinds of fruit: price $10,000;
for San Francisco property. Box 4313. Call.
REAL. ESTATE WANTED.
J~VVANT t0 bu >' flats trom $ 2300 t0 SSSW; s P°t
cash If cheap; give full particulars. Box
4353, Call office.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL. ESTATE.
tlSO— $10 CASH, balance $5 per month; acre
lots. W. C. MORAN _ CO.
$500 — LOTS.; Wbeeler tract; finest view in
Berkeley; 2 blocks to U. C. grounds. W. C.
MORAN _ CO.
f2000— COST ?3000; 8 rooms; as good as new; on
north side of street; lot 40x130; 2 blocks to
train; half a block to streetcars; fine chicken
house and yard; {300 cash, balance $20 per
month. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$2000—5100 CASH, balance $20 per month; see
these new cottages I have in Golden Gate.
Lorin and Ashby ave.. Dwight way, Berke-
ley and North Berkeley; new; S to 11 rooms,
with every modern Improvement; fine mantel;
tinted walls; sideboard; gas fixtures; sewer
and city water; all connected; stationary
tubs, etc. W. C. MORAN & CO., Lorin, and
Schmidt block. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1800— JUST like rent; $100 down^ balance
monthly; 5 rooms, bath, high basement; lot
£0x133 (note the size) ; street and walks com-
plete; near local station, school and churches.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$1609— COZY modern Eastlake cottage of 5
rooms, bath, ball, hi-rh basement, laundry,
brick foundation; double parlors, etc (all in
pood condition); street work all done; stone
walks laid; one block off San Pablo ave.;
handy to narrow gauge station; sunny front*
age; now well rented; bargain for a quick
cash s&le. but terms can be arranged.
GEO. W. AUSTIN _ CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$6000— ELEGANT home sacrificed; corner
Eiirhth and Adeline sts. ; only one block from
station; 13 rooms; modern plumbing and
steam furnace; finished basement and attic;
newly painted; convenient and prominent lo-
cation for local physician or San Francisco
business man; lot 50x100 feet; nice lawn, and
all in good condition; cost $11,000; a big sac-
rifice.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.. v
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
$3250 — EAST of Broadway; comfortable home of
8 rooms in the choicest part of Oakland;
owner non-resident; reduced price for a quick
cash sale. ,
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
IOCS Broadway, Oakland.
J8S0— COZT little bungalow cottage, all shln-
gled; new plumbing; lot 40x120 feet; close to
Telegraph ave. and city trains; will arrange
terms. t ./ . V
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway. Oakland.
NEW homes on Telegraph ave.; Just completed;
entirely modern; 8 rooms, bath and laundry;
front and back stairs; nickel-plated plumb-
ing; -mantels, gas fixtures, lawns, cement
walks. *tc. ; lot 31x100; all four are of a. differ-
ent style of architecture. A. J. SNYDER,
Heal Estate, 467 Ninth St.. Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange for property In Nebr.,
Kans. or Mo. — Choice lanre Oakland cor.; 2
electric oar lines; fine neighborhood: conveni-
ent to local train; street work all done. For
personal interview July 10 address Owner,
care EASTON & WILSON, rooms 11 and 12,
Macdonough building, Oakland.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, 6ent to any address in the
United States or Car.afla one year for f_
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
TENTH. £72 — Beautiful sunny rooms; excellent
home cooking; $20 upward; references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
AUSTIN ave., 102 — 3 nice sunny housekeeping
rooms and bat— for rent.
CALIFORNIA, 808— Two elegantly furnished
rooms and bath; suitable fcr two gentlemen
or light housekeeping.
CEDAR ave., 24, near Larkin. Post and Geary
sts. — 2 sunny unfurnished housekeeping rooms ;
running water; bath; reasonable.
CLEMENTINA, 673 — * room* for housekeeping:
•tio. _^^
EDDY, 601 — Sunny corner suite of rooms and
kitchen; gas range; running water; complete
for housekeeping.
FIFTH, 213—2 or 3 furnished housekeeping
from (10 to $20; also single, $4 up.
FOURTH, 225— Nice large housekeeping room;
also other rooms.
GEARY. 5G8— Handsomely furnished suite for
housekeeping; bath on floor.
GEARY, 1237, corner Gough— 3 furnished or
partly furnished rooms for light housekeep-
ing; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 622—1 large room (for
housekepelng); gas range; folding bed; bath.
HAYES, 738— To let, 2 large unfurnished, also
2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 649— Large front housekeeping room;
bath; also single room. ».
HOWARD. 1058 — Furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
HOWARD, 1063—2 cornp. furn. front bay-win-
dow house kj-.g. rms.; elec lights; $12; others.
KEAHNI, 215 — Front suite of housekeeping
rooms; single room, $1 60 per week. MRS.
E. M. TOBIN. ¦ -
LASKIE, 77, opp. Mission, near Ninth, bet.
Eighth and Ninth— 3 large eunny rooms for
housekeeping; furnished; rent $12.
MINNA, 28 — Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms, 75c and $1 per week.
OAK. US— 1 large 6unny basement '-room fur-
nlfched for housekeeping; yard; storage;
stove; »6. •
OAK, 118— Large sunny front no. furnished for
housekeeping; {9 CO; Horace and closet.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING— -Con.
POLK, 10C2 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping, $15 up; reference.
POWELL, 1401—2 or 2 large sunny rooms for
housekeeping: zinc' galvanized bath. ' .
BUTTER, 2620 — Bedroom, dining-room, kitchen;
bath; furnished complete.
TURK, 543— Large sunny bedroom and kitchen;
complete for housekeeping; gas stove; bath;
tit per month. i
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia et.
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unf urn.
AHLBORN HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family botel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms. 60c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to *5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all nlght.
BURNETT, 1426. Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
FOLSOM, 666A — By a German family unincum-
bered'5 2 small furnished hall rooms with bath.
FOLSOM. 1320, near Ninth— Nicely furnished
sunny room- new flat; modern improvements.
FRANCISCO— Elegant suites ; single with baths;
transient. MRS. KING, Turk and Taylor.
HARRISON, 7S4->4, rear 4th— Finely furnished
rooms: bath, all conveniences; homelike; $1
-week up. ¦ "
HOTEL Graystone, 66 Geary St.— New 6-story
fireproof hotel; electric light and elevator; un-
questionably the meet luxuriously furnished
In the city: steam heat; private baths; one
block from Palace Hotel. Phone John 333L .
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city; references.
HOWARD. 930 (Boston House)— Furnished
rooms. 10c. 15c- and 25c; neat and clean.
HYDE, 299— Lovely large corner suites and
single rooms; private bath. . _,
KEARNT. 84, and 47 Post— Sunny furnished
rooms and offices; rent reasonable.
LAURA- House. 930% Mission— Rooms to let.
LBAVEXWOBTH. 517— Furnished room for
gentleman; 'reasonable.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms $10 up.
McCLELLAND, 200 Turk sL— Sunny furnished
single and double rooms; also transient. -
MINNA, 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 925%— -Well furnished sunny bay-
window front rooms; quiet hous^.
NICE quiet sunny room, suitable for gentle-
man; rent reasonable.' Apply 324 Linden ave.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnUhed rooms and
officer-; elevator; elec. lights;. day, week, mo.
OXFORD, 271 O*Farrell— Furnished front suite
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
PINE place, 6, off Pine St., bet. Mason and
Taylor — Three sunny rooms; rent $10.
POWELL. 207 (changed hands)— Nicely fur-
nished rms., en suite or sin.; baths; transient.
ROTAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to SI 50; week, $2 to
$S; month, $S to $30; elevator on ground floor;,
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth et.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished.
SIENA House and saloon, 410-412 Broadway-
Most elegantly furnished sunny rooms In lo-
cality; rents reasonable; first-class attention.
TAYLOR, 106 — Sunny rooms, tl 25 a week up;
transient, 25c and 60c per day.
TAYLOR. 23S— Eunny furnished front rooms
to let. -v
THE Almora, Mission and Twentieth— Changed
hands; rooms and board; modern.
1 YEAR, $98; 3 rooms: plain house: good loca-
tion; water free; sunny yard. Address box
43S0. Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia st.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AN exceptional table; pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
UNRIVALED furnished rooms;. best corner in
Oakland; unsurpassed family tab'e, 25c per
meal; $4 per week; every accommodation and
attention. 1103% Broadway, cor. Twelfth St.,
third flat. Oakland.
THE Victor, 1006 Pine — New management; thor-
oughly renovated; sunny suites with board.
PINE. 1222 (old Ralston home)— Elegantly fur-
nished sunny rooms, en suite & single; board.
HOTEL RepelTer, 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market-Suites. 2 or 3
rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
THE HEATH, 812 Eddy— Nicely furnished sunny
front rooms, en suite, single; excellent cuisine.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, e in pie and en suite; beautiful grounds.
ROOMS- AXD BOARD WASTED.
WANTED— By 2 young ladles, room and board
in private family; convenient to business dls-
trict. Box 43S2. Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THE Pacific Hebrew Orphan Asylum and
Home Society hereby gives notice that they
have admitted Into the orphanage from Janu-
ary J. 1901. to June 30. 1901, the following
named orphans and half orphans, boys and
girls: Lillian Wolf, aged 8 yrs. 2 mos.; Hat-
tie Wolf, 13 yrs. 1 ma; Arthur Wolf, 5 yrs.
6 mo3. ; Augusta Smith, 10 yrs. 10 mos.; Rosa
Blaine, 4 yrs. 2 mos. ; Max Shloker, 6 yrs.
9 mos.; Isidor Shloker, 5 yrs. 9 mos.; Hen-
rietta Shloker. 4 yrs. 4 mos.; Alta Cohen. 8
yrs. 5 mos.; Annie Cohen, 5 yrs. 11 mos.; Lil-
lian Cohen. 10 yrs. 4 mos. : Ruby Cohen, 7 yrs.
7 mos. ; Esther Schwarzberg, 4 yrs. 1 mo. ;
Estella Miller, 11 yrs. 11 mos.; George J.
Miller, 10 yrs. 4 mot.; Rose Shapeero, 9 yn».
9 mos.; Elias Shapeero, 7 yrs. 3 mos.; David
Shapeero, 5 yrs. 11 mos.; Ezra Shapeero, 3
yrs. 10 mos.: Abe Kampinsky, 8 yrs. 1 mo.
NOTICE Js hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage, £20 Lake St., San Francisco, has
received the following orphans and half or-
phans— girls— from April 1 to July 1, 1901:
Bertha Koepp. 3 years 5 months; Pauline Ol-
Ben, 9 years 10 months; Florence E. Reed, 7
years 2 months; Sadie Chapman, 9 years 7
months; Lora E. Williams, 1 year 6 months;
Alice Monahan, 1 year 7 months; Grace Lavll-
lan, 10 years 5 months: Julia Voss, 11 years 3
months; Floria Voss, 7 years : Constance M.
Henry, 7 years 11 months; Genta Fishburn. 8
years; Violet M. Bishop, 11 years 11 months;
Gladys W. Bishop. 9 years 4 months.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collectfons matte;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery Et., rooms 9-19, tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWIXG MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
STORAGE^AXD WAREHOUSES. .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion st. ; tel. Howard 94L F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS -Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore «t.; phone Jackson 281.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND notice— The Contra Costa Water
Company; a dividend,' No. . 190, of forty- two
cents (42c) per share on* the Issued capital
stock of the company • has been de-
clared, payable at the of flee of the company,
room 16, second floor, Mills building, San
- Francisco, on July 15, ¦ 190L ' Transfer books
close July 5, 1901, at 3 p.""m.
EDWARD McG ART, ¦ Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice.— The Nevada National Bank
of San Francisco. At a -regular meeting -of
' the board of directors of. this bank, held July
' 2, 1901, a dividend was declared for the half
year ending June 30, 1901. at the rate of 7 per
cent per annum, payable on and after the
15th lnst. Transfer books will be closed
from the 7th to the 15th inst. both days in-
clusive. GEORGE GRANT, Secretary.
DIVIDEND* notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, consolidated— A dividend. No. 31, of
seventy-five cents (76c) per share on: the Is-
sued capital stock of the company has been
declared payable at the office of the com-
. pany, 435 California st., Ban Francisco, .. on
July 10. 1901. Transfer books close July 3,
1901. at noon. A. A. SPARKS, Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 29 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
* tation Company will be payable at the office
* of the company, 827 Market St.. on and after
¦WEDNESDAY. July 10, 190L Transfer books
closed Saturday, June 29, 1901. at 12 o'clock
m. E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.,
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES.
sell better machines for less, money than any
bouse in the city; rentals, $3." The Typewriter
•Exchange, 636 California; telephone Main 266.
RENT a new Franklin typewriter for $1 week
and • have your work in sight. CUTTER
TOWER CO.. 302 Montgomery; tel. Black 4885.
HARTFORD typewriters; new, $60; antl- trust;
all makes; used machines, $10 up. 209 Sansome.
LEGAL. ADVERTISEMENTS. •
NOTICE of intention to lease seawall lot"No?
15 and portions of seawall lot No. 14— Office of
the Board of State Harbor Commissioners,
Union Depot and Ferry House, San Francisco,
Cal., July 5, 1901: Sealed proposals or bids
will be received at this office at 2:30 o'clock
1 p. m. on Wednesday, July 17, 1901, for leasing
all of the seawall lot No. 15 and those por-
tions of seawall lot No. 14, described" and
. inclosed by metes and bounds, as follows,
viz.: Commencing at the intersection of the
¦ northerly line of Broadway with the easterly
line of Davis street, running thence easterly
along the northerly line of Broadway one
hundred and forty-three (143) feet, thenca
running northerly on a line parallel with the
westerly line of East street one hundred (100)
feet, thence running along a curve of thirteen
degrees and thirty minutes (13 degrees 30 min-
utes) (curving to the right) one hundred and
ninety-one and eighty-five one-hundredths
feet (191.83 feet) (measured on a curve) to a
point in the southerly line of .Vallejo street;
thence running westerly along the southerly
line of Vallejo street, fifty-seven feet (57 feet)
to the intersection of the southerly line of Val-
lejo street with the easterly line of Davis
street; thence running along the easterly line
of Davis street two hundrd and seventy-five
feet (275 feet) to the point of beginning; also
that portion of said lot bounded and described
as follows: Commencing at the intersection
of the northerly line of Broadway* with the
westerly line of East street, thence running
westerly, along the northerly line of Broad-
way twenty feet (20 feet); thence running
northerly at a right angle to the .northerly
line of Broadway to the intersection with
westerly line of East street; thence running
southerly—along the westerly line of East
street to the point of beginning for railroad
terminal freight facilities In connection with"
the operation of the Belt Railway System of
said Board of State Harbor ommissloners,
its successor or successors. The purposes for
which said premises may and shall be leased
and used are to consist solely in, of and for
the laying and maintaining of railroad tracks
thereon by the party to whom the lease shall
be made and executed and the loading, un-
loading, hauling and switching of freight cars
thereover and thereon and the construction,
maintenance and operation of the usual fa-
cilities therefor — the hauling and switching of
euch cars to, from and on said premises to be
¦ done and performed only by the said board,
its successor or successors, 1 the lessee to pay
for such hauling and switching the regular
rates established for such service by or un-
der the authority of law or by said board, its
successor or successors; such payment to be
.in addition to the rental to be paid for the
lease of such property. Said bid must state,
-' among other things, the purpose for which
said premises will be used. . A statement of
' the bid will be embodied in the lease award-
ed, given and executed with a statement and
covenant that the property shall be used sole-
ly for such purpose. The board reserves the
right to reject any or all bids. Blank forms
on which bids may ,be made can be secured
from the secretary of this board at his office
in the building aforesaid, and the bidders are
requested to use the same. Said lease shall
contain proper terms and covenants to protect
the parties thereto. Said property will be
leased to the highest and best bidder.
PARIS KILBURN,
. • RUDOLPH HEROLD JR.,
JOHN C. KIRKPATRICK,
Board of State Harbor Commissioners.
LOTT D. NORTON, Chief Engineer.
WM. D. ENGLISH. Secretary.
IN the Superior' Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California— Probate/
—In the matter of the estate of WILLIAM
H. ATERS. deceased. Notice for publication
of time appointed for. probate of will c C
P., Sec. 1303. Notice is hereby given, that
Tuesday, the sixteenth day of July, A. D.
1901, at 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, and the
courtroom of Department No. 9 of said court
at the New City Hall. In thi city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for
proving the will of said WILLIAM H/"
AYERS. deceased, and for hearing the ap-
plication of Katie Myers Ayers for the is-
suance to her of letters testamentary thereon
(Seal.) WILLIAM A. DEANE, Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROP, Deputy Clerk.
Dated July 3, A. D. 1901.
HENRT C. McPIKE,
Attorney for Petitioner".
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES- DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
MAERIED. " :
CARET— DAHNKEN— In this city, June 27,
1901, by tbe Rev. George C. Adams, ¦ Joseph
F. Carey of Oakland and Etta Dahnken of
Antioch. ¦ : . .
— _____
Bauden, Herman ' Jones,- Richard
- Bothin, Frank W. Kernan, Thomas B.
f Bradshaw, Timothy Koenlj, . Louis
Buck, William Manning, James M.
Buttel, George A. Moloney, Patrick E.
Devlin, Mary Monahan. Theresa
Finn, Jeremiah —^.Peterson, John
Fitzsimmens, Betsy Read, Lillle H.
Harrison, Lydia G. Smith, Estella G.
Hartmann, Vitus G. Spotter, John H.
Hartwell. Maggie Terrier, Eddie
Haines, Elizabeth Tierney, Hugh
Hayes, Michael J. Tcomey, Denis ¦
Hirschfeld, Peter Williams, Thomas 8.
Hirschfeld, William «
BAUDEN— In this city. July 7, 1901, Herman,
beloved son of Roman and Barbara Bauden,
a native o'f San Francisco, aged 4 years 8
months and 11 dayj. ' '
BOTHIN— In* this city, July 6, 1901, Frank
Whittler Bothin. beloved son of Henry E.
and Jennie Bothin, a native of San Fran-
Cisco, aged 12 years and 10 months.
C^Funeral private this day (Monday).
BRADSHAW;.— In Oakland, Julv 7, 1901, at 6413
Telegraph avenue, Timothy Pegg Bradshaw,
beloved husband of Jane A. Bradshaw, and
father of Richard H., William T..and Lillle
-E. Bradshaw and Mrs. Sarah Smith, a na-
tive of London, ¦ England, aged 69 years b
months and 7 days.
(E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the late resi-
dence, 6415 Telegraph avenue, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
BUCK— In this city, July 6. . 1901, William
Buck, a native of Germany, aged 62 years 8
months and 18 days. A member of Mission
Lodge No. 10, O. d. H. S. '
tcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth, thence by electric
funeral car from Eighth and Harrison
streets. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
BUTTEL— In this city. July 6, 1901, George A.
Buttel, a native of Germany, aged 39 years.-
ICTRemains at the funeral parlors of H. F.
' Maaes, 917 Mission street.
DEVLIN— In this city, July 6, 1901, Mary Dev-
lin, sister of Mrs. Ellen Bulger of Brooklyn.
N. T., a native of County Wexford, Ireland,
aged 66 years. (Albany and Brooklyn papers
please copy.) ' I
E^Frlends are respectfully invited to at-
teid the funeral this day (Monday), from
the chapel of St. Joseph's Home, Park -Hill,
"where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reaose of her soul at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FINN— In this city, July 7, 1901, Jeremiah
Finn, beloved father of Mrs. E. Coret, Mrs.
William Dowdall, Mrs. T. E. Treacy, Mrs.
Agnes Roser and Mrs. Fannie Edmondson.
FITZSIMMENS— In this city, July 6, 1901, at
the residence of her daughter, Betsy, wife
of John Fitzsimmens, and beloved mother of
David S. Iluchan and Mrs. E. Collet, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged E9 years 11 months and
17 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock,' from the residence
of her daughter, 1109 Rhode Island street, be-
tween Twenty-second and Twenty-third. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARRISON— In this city, July, 6, 1901, Lydia
G., beloved wife of Benjamin A. Harrison,
and mother of Mrs. Otis L. Swett, a native
of Nantucket, aged 58 years 1 month and 7
days. — ¦ : " -
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1334 Bush street. Interment private.
HAINES— In this city, July 6, 1901, Elizabeth,
beloved wife of the late Ervin Haines,
daughter of John and Emily Miller, and sis-
ter of John R. and Charles A. -'Miller, a na-
tive of Cleveland, Ohio, aged 26 years.
¦ E7The funeral • will take place this day
(Monday). 'at 1 o'clock, from her late. resi-
dence, 1707 Howard street. Interment Cy-
- press Lawn ' Cemetery. - -
HARTMANN— In this city, July 7, 1901, Vltus
G. . Hartmann, beloved son of Vitus and Sine
Hartmann, a native of Pan Francisco,' aged
8 years 3 months . and 10 days. ,-
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannagan &. Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.'
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
Itelephone South ' 80. '••.-¦• ¦
mcflVOY _fc CO.. I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS'* EMBALMERS.I
1239 Market St.. between 8th and 9th. I
¦•¦¦V-- Telephone South 247. :¦ '|
Eugene McGinn. * ' ¦ • • McGINN . BROS. I
Funeral Directors and ": Embalmers, ' .-.
.31 EDDY STREET. »
.Telephone South ¦ 252. •• . San ' Francisco.
<-• No Connection With Any Other House. -
of the parents," 564 Minna : street. - Interment
- Mount Olivet Cemetery. :~ •¦'?. '! ;..'.' •
HARTWELL— In I this city. July 5, 190L" Mag-
gie; dearly beloved daughter of Margaret and
the late George Hartwell. - and sister of
John, Jamest George, Fred and Charles Hart-
well, a . native of San Francisco, aged 11
years 5 months and 20 days. /
(ETTriends and acaualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 206 Shipley . street. 'Interment ¦ Holy
Cross Cemetery. .' . " .'
HAYES— In this city. July 7, 1901, Michael J.,''
beloved -husband of- Hannah-- Hayes, and
father of William.* George, Julia, Bell and
Josephine Hayes and Mrs. Adolph Bunson of
Illinois, a native of 'Limerick, ; Ireland, aged
65 years'. - ' ~J" '"¦ ¦-.•¦¦¦.:; .-¦ - ..
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from- the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van * Ness I avenue,
thence to St. Patrick's Church, Mission
¦ street, where a requiem- mass will be cele-
brated for the repose - of his soul, commenc-
' ing at ,9 o'clock. Interment Holy .Cross
Cemetery.'
HIRSCHFELD— In this city, July 6, 190L Peter,
dearly beloved husband of ' Eliza Hirschfeld,
father of Mrs.'C. Harmon and George, Henry,
Willie and . Lizzie Hirschfeld, and brother
of Mrs. ' C. Becker, Mrs. ",M. Ritzau-. and
George Hirschfeld,' and brother-in-law ¦ of
¦s Fred May, a native of Hesse-Cassel, Ger-
many, aged 62 years 2 months and 9 days.
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited ¦ to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 653 Minna street, between Seventh
and Eighth, thence to I. O. O. F. Hall, cor-
ner Seventh and Market streets,- where serv-
ices will be held under, the auspices of Har-
mony Lodge No. 13, I. O- O. F., commenc-
ing at 2 o'clock. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery. ' : • \Vtv ; . .
HIRSCHFELD— Entered into rest, in this city,
July 7,. 1901, William, beloved husband of
Jetta Hirschfeld, and • father of Mrs. Ma-
thilda Esberg, a native of Fuerth, Bavaria,
/aged 76 years and 10 months.
tu? Funeral and interment ¦ private to-mor-
row (Tuesday), at 10 o'clock. Please omit
flowers.
JONES— In the City and County Hospital,
July 7, 1901, Richard Jones, a native of Eng-
land, aged 59 years.
KERNAN— In this city, July 6, ! 1901, Thomas
B. Kernan, * husband of Mrs. J. B. Kernan,
and nephew of Judge B. H. Baird of Byron,
Cal., a native of Kentucky, aged 38 years.
E? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., 315 O'Farrell street.
KOENIG— In this city. July 5, 1901, ' Louis
Koenig, a native of Germany, aged 50 years
8 months and 6 days. ,' .. :; • .¦
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2479 Mission, street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Laurel j Hill Cemetery.
MANNING-Jn this' city, July !„ 1901, James
M.. beloved father of Edward, John, Paul
and Virginia Manning, aged 69 years" 7
months and 22 days. -. ,
(C7" Interment private. Please omit flowers.
MOLON E Y— In this city, July 4,' 1801, Patrick
E beloved husband of Nellie Moloney, and
dearly beloved father of Mrs. B. C.\Pholey,
Mrs J: B. Allen and the late John E. Mor'
loney, £ native of County Cork, Ireland. 'A
. member of Yerba Buena Lodge-v No. 1788,
Knights of Honor, and Lincoln Post, G.
A. R. i ¦
">E7"FrIen<*ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers. 27 ¦ and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem high mass will j be celebrated for
the repose of his soul at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
COMRADES of Lincoln Poet No. 1, G. A. R.,
are requested to attend the .funeral of our
late comrade. Patrick E. Moloney, this day
(Monday), at 8:20 o'clock, from the parlors
of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street. By order of f-? *
JOHN C. INNES, Post Commander?
YERBA BUENA Lodge No. 1788. 'Knights of
Honor— Members are requested to attend the
funeral of our late brother. P. E. Moloney,
this day (Monday), at 8:30 ' o'clock, from
the parlors of the United Undertakers, 27 and
29 Fifth street, thence to Holy Cross Ceme-
• tery. THOMAS MARLIN, Dictator.
> R. H. NOBLE, Reporter.
MONAHAN— In. this city,, July 5. 1901, Theresa.
dearly beloved daughter of Eliza and the late
Frank Mpnahan, and sister of Mrs. J. W.
Smith, Mrs. M. J. Feely and Frank. Harry
and George Monahan, a native of San Fran-
cisco.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Monday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 783 Hayes street, thence to . Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn. requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
eoul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. • Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PETERSON— In South San Francisco, July 6,
1901, John Petersoni dearly beloved husband
of Christine Peterson, beloved father of Al-
bert, Nels, Lillie and the late Jalmar S.
t Peterson, brother-in-law of Mrs. Peter John-
son, and uncle of Jennie Johnson, a native
of Sweden. - aged 61 years and 19 days. A
member of Bay View Lodge No. 159, .A." O.
tr. w;.*". - :. '~/. :.-'¦••.-. ¦ -^ .: ¦ ,w-".-v '*
{ETTrlenda and acquaintances arc respect-
fully \invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 1:3H o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. fiO2 Railroad avenue south, corner of.
Eiirhth avenue south, thence to Masonic
Hall, corner Fourteenth and Railroad ave-
nues south, where services. will be held un-
der the auspices of Bay View Lodge No. ,159,
A. o. u. w. , :¦'-¦.¦ '
HALL of Bay View Lodge No. 159, A. O. U.
W. — To the officers ¦ and members of ' Bay
View Lodge No. 159, A. O. U. W.— Brothers:
You are hereby notified to assemble at your
lodgeroom. Masonic Hall, corner of Four-
teenth and ¦ Railroad ' avenues south, this
day (Monday), at 12:30 o'clock, for the pur-
pose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, . John Peterson. ¦ By order of the
M. W. W. J. B. WARNER. Recorder.
RE AD— In Alameda. July 6, 1901, Lillle . H.
Read, beloved ¦ wife of George R. Read.-, and
daughter of James and Elizabeth Hardman,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 47 years and
6 months. • ¦ ,- *
(DTrlends and ¦ acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the Baptist
Church, Santa Clara avenue. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. .
SMITH-In Alameda, July 6, 190L Estella Gif-
ford, beloved wife of the' late C. G. Smith,
nnd mother of Mrs. George S. Patterson and
Bertha and Cora Smith, a native of Illinois,
aged 52 years and 20 days. . .
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully • invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday),- at 10:30 o'clock, at the
residence, 1116 Court street. Interment Moun-
tain View Cemetery. - •
SPOTTER— In Stcfkton, July 5, 190L John
Henry Spotter, beloved son of Maria D.
Spotter, and brother of -Fritz Sootter, a na-
tive of Schleswii*-, Germany, aged 48 years
and 16 days. . A member of Unity Lodge No.
27, A. »O. U. Workmen.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1:30- o'clock, from the parlors
of H. P. Petersen. 223 McAllister street. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
TERRIER— In this city, July 6, 1901, Eddie
Terrier, infant son of Lillie and Frank Ter-.
rier. ' ¦ •
TIERNEY— In this cj*y. July 6, 1901, Hugh
Tierney, dearly beloved, brother -of Mrs. A.
Hickey, Edw. .Tierney and Mrs. T. Trouln,
a native of County Leitrlm; Ireland, aged
¦ ¦ 40 years.
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Henry J. Gallagher Undertaking Com-
pany. 20 Fifth street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a • solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for , the. repose -of- his soul,
commencing at -9 o'clock.. Interment Mount
.Calvary Cemetery.
TOOMEY— In this, city, July 6, 1901," at the
Potrero,' Denis, beloved j husband of Annie
Toomey, fathei 1 of Annie and Daniel Toomey
and Mrs. J. T. Monaghan, \ and brother of
Mrs. D. C. Dunn, a native of Dunmanway.
County Cork, Ireland,- aged 62 years. A
member of Golden Westyi-odge No. - 264, A.
O. U. W. (Boston, ' Mass., papers please
copy.*)- ' ¦ ' • ' ¦¦ . • ¦. - : ¦ .
"" IC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morro-w
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1101 Kentucky street, thence to St.
Teresa's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 Vclock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
. tery.
WILLIAMS— July 6, 1901, at his residence. ' 1614
• Vallejo "street, Thomas S. Williams, beloved
husband of Catherine Williams, a native of
Denbigh, North Wales, eged'. 77 years' i
months and 22 days.
.- CTFuneral private. -J" ¦
OCEAN TBAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW TOSK.' SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PAR1V
.Stopping at Cherbourg, ¦ westbound.
From New York "Every Wednesday. 10 a.' m. .
St. Paul .'.:."¦. .'August 7 St. Paul...... August 28
St Louis August 14 St. Louis.. September 4
Philadelphia .August 21 Philadelphia ...Sept. 11
' RED STAR LINE.
New Yorkand Antwerp.;
From New York Every Wednesday, 13 , noon.
Friesland .... ...July 17 'Vaderland j ..August 7
Pennland ;. .'..'. .July 24 Kensington ...August 14
Bouthwark.......July 31 'Zeeland ... .'.'August 21
¦¦ »stop at ' Cherbourir. eastbound. * .*,..-'
¦ INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.. -
'.'¦• ¦.. :.:;.-•-. - CHAS." D. TAYLOR.
General Agent /Pacific Coast,' 30 Montgomery st.
COMPAGNIE GENEE ALE ; TRANSATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -
Sailing every Thursday, instead - or ---*5f7cn»
Saturday, • at • 10 a. - m., from pier 42,
North River, ¦< foot : of - Morton street ; La Gas-
cogne, .i July 11 ; *La Normandie, July 18 ; La
Bretaijne, -July 25; La Champagne, August-1.
9 First class to Havre, $70 and upward. ' Second
class to ¦ Havre, $45 ' and upward. ~ GENERAL
AGENCY 'FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, 32 Broadway (Hudson . building), New
York. ¦' '. J.' F. ; FUGAZI •¦ & •; CO., Pacific . Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
Tickets ' sold by all , Railroad Ticket Agents.
' »Twin Screw : Express Steamers. ..-•-'->- . -- ¦•¦/
AUCTION SALES
fefiBEAT SPEED SALE^
NEXT THURSDAY, Jnly 11,
; At 11 a. m.,
50 TROTTERS, PACERS,
CARRIAGE and SADDLE
.: HORoES
Will be sold -at auction at the
OCCIDENTAL, HORSE EXCHANGE.
7a HOWARD ST., near Third, S. F.
07 This -is the finest lot of young, handsome,
well-bred and well-trained standard horses ever
sent from the celebrated OAK WOOD PARK
STOCK FARM, Danville, Cal. (John F. Boyd.
Proprietor), 'and are by sucb famous sires as
Steinway 2:25%, Chas. Derby 2:20, El Benton
2:23, Don L 2:28%, etc. Any one in need of a
first-class, gentle horse for business or pleas-
ure, a stylish carriage horse, a. well-reined sad-
dler or a standard-bred stallion or mare should
attend this sale. For form, size, style. . breed-
ing, color, disposition, training or speed no
better has heretofore been offered In this city.
Catalogues ready. Horses . at . salesyard.
"WM. G. LAYNO, Livestock Auctioneer.
NOW IS THE ACCEPTED TIME— NO
NEED TO WAIT FOR OTHER SALES.
£* ¦ AUCTION SALE fe
of
50 head of BROKEN WORK, DRIVING and
DRAFT HORSES, suitable for ANY PUR-
POSE. Being the THIRD consignment from the
ranches of J. W. CHURCHILL. Esq.. Treka.
To be sold
THIS DAY.
MONDAY, JULY 8/ 1901,
At 11 a. m. at
SALESYARD, 1732 MARKET STREET,
Cor. VAN NESS AVE.
" FRED H. CHASE & CO.,
Live Stock Auctioneers. '
Successors to Klllip — Co.
~ * Horses now at Yard. . ¦ - .
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
m. Steamers i leave Broadway
j^t Wharf, San Francisco:
{m^. For -Alaskan ports — 11 a. m.,
HBKatei_ July 5. 10, 15, 20, 25, 30. Augr
|JS»C~r»H— *¦ Change to company's
KSl H«_V_^i steamers at Seattle.
KX&— N VSl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
MHKSffil! C.), Port Townsend Seattle,
/^¦"•HEsSSkM Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
Of' and New Whatcom (Wash.)—
"~"^ 11 a. m.. July 6, 10, 15, 20, 15, 30,
Aug. 4. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and G: N. Ry.; at Seattle or- Tacoma
for N. P. Ry.; at Vancouver to C. P. Rx- -
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 tj.» m.,
July 1. 6, 11. 15, 20, 25, 30, Aug. 4, 9, 13, 18, 23.
28, Sept. 2.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m. ;
steamer Corona, Wednesdays, 9 a. ¦ m.
For Los Aneeles. calling at Santa Cruz,
Monterery, San Simeon, Cayucos, Port Harford
(San Luis ObiSDO), Gaviota, Santa Barbara.
Ventura, Hueneme, East San Pedro, San Pe-
dro and 'Newport (*Coos Bay only)— Steamer
Coos Bay, Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; Steamer j Bo-
nita, Tuesdays, 9 a. m._ •
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose de!
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guayma* (Mex)— 10 a. m., 7th each
month.
Fcr further Information obtain company's
folders. ¦
The comnany reserves the right* to change
-steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice. ' »
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
- 10 Market st., San Francisco.
6. R. & N. CO.
Only Stea-— .¦— lp XjIh .e *«=>
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
potnts East. Through tickets to all
points." all rail nr steamsMo nnd rail, at
V Xj<_—*r 3E5S i"T HATES.
STEAMER TICKET3 INCLUDE BERTH sad XE-L3.
3S. COLUMBIA
Sails July 12, 22. August 1, II, 2L 31
5S. GEO. W. ELDER J.
Sails July 7, 17. 27, "August 8. IB. 26
D. W.HITCHCOCK, Gen. Agt.. 1 Montgom'y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WELL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo), Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. * No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
BS. NIPPON MARtJ... "Wednesday. July 17. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU.. ..Saturday, Aug. 10. 1901
SS. HONGKONG MARU
.................Wednesday, September 4, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office.
121 Market street, corner First. •
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
SS. VENTURA for Honolulu, Samoa, Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday, July 11, 10 a. m.
33. SIERRA for Honolulu, Samoa, Auckland
and Sydney Thursday. August 1, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti
: Tuesday, August 6, 10 a. m.
L D.SPREGXELS k BROS. CO., 6to! Agents. 327 Harkei St
Ben'l Passenger Cif-se, 643 Markst St., Pur Ha. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
s.ndCIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
Fo Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
ind South American ports. Sailing from How-
ird-street wharf No. 3. 12 m.
AREQUIPA ....July 171 PERU August 7
ACONCAGUA ..July 21|GUATEMALA ..Aug 22
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
ral and South American passenger service.
No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
ind passenger office, 31S California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, SI S
rO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT:
Cabin. ?105; Steerage. $40.
S. S. Leeianaw sails Monday, July. 15
S. S. Argyll _ «ails Monday , Aug. 12
S. S. Lee'anaw sails Mon*lav. Aug. 26
Prom Sea Wall ' (Section 1) at ' 2 p. ra.
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market at.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMESS.
F^irriA^^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:45 a. m.,' 3:15 and' 8:30 p. m., except Sun-
lay. Sunday, 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo 7 a. m., ,12:30 noon.. 6 p.m., except
Sunday. Sunday, 1 a. m.. 4:15 p: m. Fare 60
:ents. Telephone Main 150S. Landing and of-
Hce. pier 2. Mlnalon-nt. docto HATCH BRO3.
RAILWAY TBAVEL. '.
Santa Fe Trains
, Leave M»!Bcet-street Ferry' Depot.
I Local I Lim'd I Ovrl'd I Local
I Dally I ..« I Dally | Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:1? p
'• Merced .. 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno .. 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
"Hanford. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a ...;....
•.'.'.Visalia .. SUlOp 4:48a ........
." Bakersfld G:fop 5:20 p 7:30 a ¦
'.' Kans. Cy 2:40a 7:30a
"Chicago ...... 2:15p 9:00 p ........
a for morning, p for afternoon. - .
•9:00 a. m. .train 'is the California Lim-
ited, leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carrying -Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. I Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld ¦ for accommodation of lo-
cal first-class- passengers. No second-class
tickets honored on this trail). Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. ,
4 :20 p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.
Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily. T - ,
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with !
through Palace . and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to • Chicago;
also. Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at
¦ Fresno. Corresponding train arrive? at
5:55 p. m. dally. . r —
7 :20 a. ( m. ; is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquin Valley. Cor-
responding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
¦ Offices— 641 . Market street and in Ferry
"Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. -•-•-.- *-.-;-...- ¦¦-¦¦ -¦ ----- ¦¦ *.--
aDr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAKXY ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Muntiood. Debility or '.
disease wearing on body and mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fail." Try him.- Charges low.
«"tir<f-« -;naranl--rd. Call or write.
Dr. J. 3P. eiBBVH, ban Francisco, Cal. _
W«WW*W, ¦¦-¦ - ¦ . "
SAILWA7 TSAVEL .,
. SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
¦ Train* !•>»«•• mill wurm da* to arrlf* m*
NAN riKANt:iM<:o.
! (Main Line. Foot of Market Streol)
_ ultz — From Juxx 15. 1301. - — _UUTS
7:OOa Benirfa, Suisau, Elmtra. VacaflTe, v -
Kumsey and Sacramento C;3"Jr
7<S0 A Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. Xi;»,
Cal_tof» and SauU Bom.. Hi25f
8:Oo a DstU. Woodland. Knigata Landing,
Mu -yBTille. Orotille.. 7<3.1p
S:OOa Atlantis Kxprew— Ogdeo and E art 12>tt3*
8:0«A Klles, Latlu rap. Stockton 7t3.tr
9:0 Oi Nile*. MendoU, H&oiord. Vis-ia,
Porterrillo 4*03?
SiSOa Shasta Express— DarU. William* (tot
Bartlett Springs), WUIowa, Sad
Bluff, Portland... 7:S3r
¦ li»O* San Joae, Lirermore, Stockton,
• Ioua, Sacramento, FUcetiiUe,
"- ' M»rj«l»e. Chlco. Ue.l HIiiIT 4iS3r
¦>8OA Oakdale, C— _esa (YosemlU*), So-
' nora. Carters 4:3S*p
1 »i*O A Hayward, Nile* and Way Static— I.. UiBSa
i »iOO A Vallejo I-*:25r
9iQ«A—os Angeles Express — Martinez.
• Tracy. Latlirop. .Stockton, Merced
I Fresno and Los A-— Jes 777 7s83r
9s 30 A Talli-l-i. JdarUnes and Way Station* 7iS9r
> 1 OiOUa Thn OTerUnd M-i : ted— Ogden, Den-
«*• »er, Omaha. Chicago •iSSf
flsOOr Sacramento Ititer Ste-uoeM JSiOHa
3:3<»i» Hay ward. NHi-» and Way Station*.. 7:55r
4sw»r Uenicla, Winters. Maoramento,
Woo. 1 1 ana. KufghU _ uwUuC.
> MurysTlIle, Orotillo...., M):S3a
4:«0r Marline*, Han lt-iinou, Yallejo,
- ¦' Napa. <!i»lUtiigi». Hat-fa Itona »i33a
4i00p Nile*, Llrer—ore. Stockton, Lodl... 13<*3r v
4iSurEUyward.NHes.Hau Jose. LJt»t— ore tSi.iSA
4t30p Port Cos a. Traey. JLatbrop. Stockton 1 0:23a
[ 3;00i? Tha Owl limited— Fiwio, Tulare,
BakeraBeld, Haugiis for Santa Bar.
bara, Los Angeles 8:33\
BiOOp Martin- z. Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
oed, Fresno ia:S9r
«tO«jp Toaemite l*sS3;r
9<30jp New Orleans Eipre*s— Meadota,
Fresno, Bakerstie-d. Log Aneeles,
Doming. El Paso, New Orle-uu
:.'¦' and East 7«aS»
OsOOp Hajward, NllesaudSau Joae ' 7sS3*
t«iOttr Vallejo... - ll-23»
. <i:OOr Oriental Mail-OgJen, Cheyenne.
Omaha. Chicago. 13:23?
•tOOr Oriental Mail— Ogden, Denrer.
, •• St. Looia. Chicago. 4t33r
7:OOr Oregon ami California ICxpreM, H»o-
nunciit", Alarystille, , l(o<lilliig, *
Portlmiil, l'uget Honntl anil Ksui S;33a
S-«3rS_i Pablo. Purt Cost*. Maxtines
and Way Station* Ili33*
tS;O3p VallHJo. 7t»->P
COAST LINE (Harrow Uange).
(Foot of U-irket Street.)
(7:43a Santa Cruz Excursion to -_nt» Cx_T~
and Principal Way Stations is-cir
8tl3ANe-raxk.U--iiteriille,»au.)o*o,Fetton f
Boulder Creek.SaiiU Crux and Waj
. . Station*.. O«3»»
1 a s 1 5 r Newark. Ceii ter»lil», San Josa. Naw
¦ AlniadeD. Feltou, Moulder Creek,
Santa Cruz anil Principal Way
Stations l»».l»*
4>ISr Newark, Hau Jo*e, Us Gatos f8::i»4
e-«sl3pOleBwood.B<imlderCteok,8aDt»Cnn «S:3Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ma S1J msCISCO-f aot «f Markst Street (Slip S>- Sv-
t7:15 9:00 11:00*. M. 1:00 3:03 5:lSr.M.
7r«m01IUIt— Fill •fBrta'i war.— t«:0O {3-00 13:0i
10:00i.ll. 12:00 2:03 i:Q3r.n.
COAST IilNE (Broail Mange).
(Third mid Townaami Sto.) ¦
6>IOa San Jose »nd Way station*. «:S«»p
t7:0OA Han Jose and Way SUti:>ua lsftor
/7>«oa New Aliuan-eu /-ItlOr
|7:U0a Sunday Excursion for San Jose.
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grore and
Principal Way Stations. {St3Or
SiOOa Hau Jose, Tres Plnos, HanU Crux,
- Paelllc Gtaie, Salinas. San Luis
Obispo, Santo Barbara ami Pria.
cii-al intermed—te Stations 7>30r
IOsSOa. Saa Jose and Way dtatio— > 4 »lo»
I I:UOa Sail Jose ami Way .Stations SiSOr
¦fS: I.ip San Mateo, Uedwood. Me-jlo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Josa,
Tres Pino*. Santa Cruz, Salluaa,
Monterey am) faelDe Grove...... t!A>43a
8-aOr San Joee and Way Stations . 6:3»a
flslSr 8anJosean<t Principal Way Station* 1»:43*
t3:0Oi» San Jose, Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations tl»:OO%
SiSAp San Jose aud Principal Way Statious 8:36 \
fltOOr Rsdwo id. Haa Jose, Gilrny. Salinas,
Bant* Barbara. Los Angeles.. .... 1O:OOa
6-00 ;? Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific Grore,
Lonopoc.. ¦. 10:00a
S:30p San Jose and Way Station* fH-.no a
gU;43p San Jo»a and Way Statlooa 7»3»T
A for Morning. * - P for A f teruooo.
t Sunday exoepted. - J Sunday only. .
a Saturday only; « Monday.
e Saturday an I Bonday. / Tm-adayg and Tridaya.
1 i ?
CALffOBBli 50RTHWESTEM RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Perry. Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to Saa Rafaol.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
3_0, 5:10, 6:30 D. m. Thursdays— Extra tri?
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:5u
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p.m. C-.-- * >v -\.-
ban Raiael to San Francisco. ' ; .- \
WEEK DATS— «:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:55
and t>:35 v. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40.
6:05. 6:25 p. m. .
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April 23. 1901.1 San Francisco.
-Week I Sun- I ~ I Smn- | Week
Days. ( days. [ Destination. [ days. | Days. -
7:30 am 8:00 am X ova to. . 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am ' Petaluma. 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 ami Windsor. 10:25 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
j Geyserville. I
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 5:00 pm! Hopland 110:40 am|10:25 art
3:30 pm| 8:00 arcj and TJkiah. | 7:35 pm) 6:20 pm
7:30 am J ' 10:40 am|10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm [ 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am) Sonoma I 9:15 ami 8:40 am
and 1 1
5:10 pm 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. [ 6:05 pm[ 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am! (10:40 am 10:25 em
3:30 pm! 5:00 pmi Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark "West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lyttcn for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skagss Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Highland Spring's. Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake. Pomo. -Potter Valley
John Day's. Riverside, Llerley*a. BnckneU-a,-
Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Orr*a Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bra*rs, West-
port, Uaal, Willits. Laytonville. Cummins.
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. -
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re- ¦
duced rates.
On Sunday round .trip tjefcets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half 'rates.
Ticket Office. 650 Market street. Chronicle
Buildlnr.
H. C. WHITING, J^O R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
NORTH -PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
• V "/Via Sausalito Ferry.
Commencing April 23, 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK-DAYS— 6:55. 3:30. *9:30. 11:00 a. ra.,
12:45, *1:45, 3:15. 4:15. 5:15, *6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:C0. 8:00, »9:00. »10:00, 11:CO. 11:30
a. m. 13:45. n:30, 2:30. *3:45. 5:00. 6:00. 7:30
p. m. 11.00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35, 10:15
a m *12:25. * 1:15. 2:20, »3:35,4:40. 5:30 p. m. -
'EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and* Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m. ,
SUNDAYS-6:15. '8:00. 9:45. 'lllOO a. m.. 13
mf, 1:00. 2:15. *3:30. 4:30, *5:43, 6:45. 7:30, 10:10
P 'Trains marked (•) start from Saa Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6:45, 7:55.-8:55, 10:30 a.
"_u 12T35. 1:45. 2:45, 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. m. " -
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m., 13:15.
l-»0 2:30, 3:45. 5:00, 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
' 1 -.THROUGH TRAINS.
1:20. 2:31. 3:45, 5:00, 6:15, 7:15, 10j30 p. m.
3:1a' p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
5:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
6 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
stations. - _
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
" . VU g>u *ilw y-ST-r— Foot of Varkot St.
unvi •*•• -¦•¦*_. _ a«mv-r •*¦> run.
S5*'S"i..--:.WEEK DAYS J $%IZ
8.-00 A. M.V 12:15 p. _.
9-00 a. M. . 1:15 r. m.
10-00 A. M. I OTTMTIA— H -l-SSOF. 1*.
11-0 A. M. I •••••" • 8TODAW S 4:50 F. M.
1-0 P.M. 5:50?. M.
2_0p. M.J > 7:10p.m.
Fare. Sma PnaafM* is So-matt sad Batmrs. $1.4#
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & SansalUo Fctt- .
= '
Wee_y Gall $1.00 jf YearSOME FEATURES OF THE
BASEBALL. GAME AT MILL
VALLEY.
Trapper's. Oil cures rheumatism and neuralgia.
DruseUts, ! 60c flask. Richards & Co., 406 Clay.'
The twenty-fourth annual excursion and
picnic of the German Butchers' ' Society
was held . at Schuetzen Park yesterday:
A large attendance made *. the , outing -a
success. The games, , prizes, music ,and"
dancing engrossed- the ':, attention -cf
those present, and the butchers and their
friends departed on the late: trains after
having spent a delightful day. . .
German Butchers' Picnic.
Floor— A. M. Poulsen. P. S. Nielsen, A. Ras
mussen. J. Wraa, P. Peterson, N, C. Toft, T.
Hein.'I. Sorensen, I. C. Anderson, H. Hansen,
A. Mathiesen. • ' .
Scripture reading— Psalm xxlv
Contralto solo— "To Thee My God and
Savior" Cantor
R. E. Weston.
Prayer
Lord's prayer — Chanted by the congregation-
Violin solo — "Angelic Voices" Gounod
With organ accompaniment.
Congregational hymn— ','Blessed Be the
Fountain of Blood" .
Tenor- solo — "If With All Your Hearts"....
From Elijah
W. Walker.
Scripture reading— Luke xviii,- 35-43.... '
Soprano solo—' 'Hosanna' ' Grainer
Clara Madden.
Notices :
Congregational verse — "My Faith Looks Up
to Thee" :.....:...". :..
Contralto solo— "A Dream of Paradise"... Gray
Mabel Florence Gordon. ; ;
Organ offertory— "Off ertory' '
Barytone solo — "Lift Your Glad Voices"....
Rev. J. George Gibson. (With violin
obligato.) :¦'->
Address By pastor
SOCIETY DANIA HOLDS '
{ ITS ANNTJAL OUTING
Afternoon Is Pleasantly- Spent in
' Sports and Dancing at Shell
Mound Park.
The Danish Society. Danla held Its an
nual picnic at . Shell ; Mound Park yester
day. More than 100Q; people were present.
The afternoon :was; spent ¦ in sports and
dancing. Races were held for boys, girls,
young ladies, fat . men, young . men and
members. ,, ,. ¦". '
Two bands and' an orchestra were pres
ent to furnish entertainment. .A bowling
contest for valuable prizes was. a leading
feature of the occasion. A considerable
sum of money was realized from the af
fair and will be used in the benevolent
work of the society.
The great success of the outing was due
mainly -to the efforts of . the following
named committees: . ¦ .; • •
Arrangements— N. C. Nielsen, T. Jensen,
Theodore Jensen, .A. Nissen, O. A. Poulsen,
G. Nielsen, J. M. Moller, N. Rasmussen," P.
Xansen. - ¦ - .-'¦¦¦ ¦„ ,
The organ recital and sacred concert at
Emmanuel Baptist Church last night was
a. complete success. The sacred edifice on
Bartlett street was crowded to the doors
with parishioners who appreciated the ef
forts of Pastor J. George Gibson to make
their church a thing of beauty and a fit
place for worship.
The back wall 'of the church, which was
recently repaired, was handsomely decor
ated for the occasion and furnished an
incentive to the members of the congre
gation for further efforts ln beautifying
the church. . •
The following programme helped to
make the occasion a memorable one:
Orean voluntary— Gavotte Handel
Hymn by the congregation— "Onward Chris
tian Soldiers" ••••
Invocation Rev. J. George Gibson
Barytone solo— "Rejoice" Huge
Rev. J. George Gibson. (With violin
obligato.)
Congregational verse— "Our Father's God
to Thee"
Benediction
Organ recessional — "The King's Highway"
-¦...'. Post
The following also took part: Paul
A. Normand. W. F. Altvater, Merton
E. Titus, Lotta Underfill!. • ¦
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson of the Howard
stieet Methodist Episcopal Church re
ceived the congratulations of his parish
loners yesterday upon the completion of
his thirty-third year as a pastor. The oc
casion was a solemn one and afforded the
congregation an opportunity of showing
their deep regard for the pastor.
Rev. H. :Ryland occupied the pulpit of
the church . in the morning and in the
evening Dr. Wilson held a reception.
Some public men look upon the pliant
voter as an ass with party relics for his
load.- .
. Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists sell and guarantee it. *
GOOD TEMPLATES BEADY
FOR GOLDEN JUBILEE
Much Activity in the Order Prior to
the Coining Anniversary
Celebration.
The semi-centennial anniversary of the
foundation of the order of Good Te'mplars
will be celebrated at the Y. M. C. A. Au
ditorium on Tuesday night. It promises
to be one. of the greatest events in the
history of the order. A programme of
much promise has been prepared. The
hall will be tastefully decorated and a
large number of ushers will attend to the
comfort of the guests. Souvenir pro
grammes will also be presented to those
who attend. ¦ .\ :
The preparations for this celebration
have awakened new zeal and energy in
the lodges of Good Templars in this dis
trict and many old-time Good Templars
have rejoined the order. One small lodge
in this city has initiated nine members
ranging in age ffom 16 to. 60 years, and
reinstated a former Good- Templar now
past the age of 90 years, who has never
broken his pledge taken in the earlier
years of his life.
Judge Robert- Thompson, a veteran ln
the cause, will be the chairman of the
evening, .
Raids on Opium Smokers.
Since .the new. act came: into effect on
July 1 making 4^, a misdemeanor to have
opium on the premises for the purpose of
smoking Sergeant Conboy and squad In
Chinatown have made a number of suc
cessful -raids, and the defendants have
always pleaded guilty in the Police courts.
Yesterday the squad raided the basement
of 17^ Waverley place and arrested seven
Chinese for visiting an opium place. Sev
eral packases of the drug were seized as
evidence. : _•¦..•."
a A. good business qualification Is the
ability to attend to one's own business. ,
The Clams, in white sailor suits and
Galway . whiskers of assorted hue,
marched on the field to the lockstep and
were a dream of manly beauty. There
may have been a trifle more man than
beauty, but that is a detail. Apple Mc-
Kewen, in red polka dot stockings and
Manila rope hair under a feathered cap,
owned beauty enough for a dozen games.
The Poison Oaks had their umpire in
chain armor — and he deserved it. I Jim
Smith was cast for the part. . ' •
captain, led them as the first old woman.
tie wcie a creation i r » red an-i wh'te lik-s
a Lurber pole, the skirt cut hteh ami a
green bodice, with a Paris hat. Jewelry—
five sixes. Wlllard Wayman and L]d Vin
cent were clowns. Latham McMullen, as
the Hoot Mon began shedding his cos
tume in spots as soon as the diamond
gleamed upon him, and so did George
Field, who commenced the game as a
yellow plush toreador and ended It as
something between a circus poster and a
railway depot sign. Duval Moore' was in
convict garb. Guy Wayman showed in a
pickaninny suit of bed ticking, with a
fascinating conception in tulle atop of his
bright hair. "Piggy" Owens was in Gal
way whiskers and white duck, and Nick
Kidder, the mammy of the lot, was in
black face, a green gown and a tournure
reminiscent of the cage of a parrot cover
ed with burlap. It was that tournure that
wrecked him later.
Poison Oaks at the bat. They got twe
men around in their inning', and then the
Clams came in and did things to them,
In the beginning the Clams said things as
thus:
. High tide.- low tide, .
On the beach; , >
Little Neck Clams,
Vv*e are the nectarines.
It won't scare, and the rhyme is a little
shy: but the Clams are like that. They
start out with fair promise, and then in
the end they fall down. Their ball-playing
won't scare, either, and it is shy in sym
metry. But they landed five tallies in the
first, and the hill people looked glum.
; Kidder Declared to Be Bead.
' Then, In the second, Kidder made a star
run to first, and his dress threw him clear
over the tennis grounds. That was the
star play, but i* was his finish. The Oaks
brought in four runs ' this time, and
"Piggy" Owen knocked the ¦ ball clean
over a cottage for a home run. He like
wise knocked "NobieV Eaton down out
in right field, "but that was a mere inci
dent. Also, he knocked Apple McKewen
out of the catcher's box, and Dean took
his job. That *vas incidental, too. Duval
Moore broke :i bat in this inning, and
then the Clams came in for their half and
tied the score. It was love all, and the
excitement was at white heat. So was the
pun: so were the white duck suits of the
Clams.
The third inning saw tfce coming of the
"ringer," and the Clams entered a pro
test. ''If Kidder is dead," remarked Dud
Dean, with some justice, "let him get out
of sight. As long as he Is walking around
we insist that he play."
The umpires and the scorer ruled that
Kidder was really dead, and he went and
hid in an oak tree. .
The game went on. and with the aid of
the "ringer," who was an estimable youth
of the name of Warren, the Oaks took the
lead and were never headed. They white
washed the Cl.ams that time— the only
time in the game— and their score climbed
stead'ly until at the end of the fifth it
was 18 to S for the Tiburon men. That ¦was
the end. The nines went to beer after
their skittles and the crowd went home.
About 500 society people of San Francisco
and the suburban towns saw the fun.
CHURCH ORGAN RECITAL PROVES A SUCCESS
The Poison Oaks, let it be repeated,
made their entry first. Jack Wilson, their
And that is what the Poison Oaks say.
They say further that their victory' was
due to the presence on the ground of
Miss Marie Van Buren in her original
part of the "Sage Brush Mascot," • assist
ed by "Bones" Eaton, change pitcher for
the Clams, whose specialty was the push
ing of men of the other side around in
"vell? S everybcdy was at Blithedale yes
terday to see the boys of the smart set
play ball. The hill people, sat apart in
state and would have rooted for the Poi
son Oaks— if they could by any possibility
have conceived the dolrfg of anything so
common. The Beach Combers from Sau
salito sat on a lower level as beseemed
them and were benevolently neutral. And
the arKiters frcm Tiburon gathered under
the oak trees t.nd^ groaned to see their
luaves dangling at the chariot wneels o^
the victors.
Incidentally the score was 18 to 8 in
favor of the Poison Oaks; but nobody
cared about that, not even the scorer.
The scorer, Mr. Farquharson, was as
seemed to be, a kind of change umpire,
and he did not score anything but runs.
He scored most of them, as the figures
show, for the Poison Oaks. Bu,t, as has
been intimated before, nobody cared about
the score. The game was the thing.
And in the be£inr.ing there was the
grand entree. It was like a peep at a
circus, with the horses left out. The whole
show came afterward. The Poison Oaks,
as beseemed the hosts, came on first.
Thev had laid out a diamond, a chip, but
of the purest water, on the California
prairie before the clubhouse, and on this
rolling field the pitcher stood in a pit and
threw balls uphill on a grade of about ten
feet to the mile.
Costumes Were Quite Unique.'
mountain. They have wonderful throatal
development, those clams. Perfectly won
derful! And they say things. Also they
swallow things. They swallowed defeat,
among other things, and their rubber
throats were partly what was the matter
with the beer barrel out under the trees.
They have wonderful throatal develop
ment, but they can't play ball.
The State Board of Barber Examiners
is about to follow up the investigations
into the methods of local barber colleges.
Particular attention is to be paid to fe
male barbers, of whom there are said to
be about a dozen in the city. Most of the
female barbers have diplomas from one
or the other of the local "collegres" that
are now under investigation. Barber Ex
aminer Fleming on "his return from.Sac
ramento wilPhave the matter under his
personal supervision. Certificates will be
distributed this afternoon to all who call
for them.
At the Iron Trades Council's headquar
ters it /was reported "that eight rew
unions, embracing over 400 members, were
recently added.
The Electrical "Workers* Union has re
ceived information that the new wage
schedule, requiring an increase of 50 cents
a day, has been granted.
A special meeting of the Cement Work
ers' Union will be held at 915^ Market
street to consider the proposition of pur
chasing additional stock in the Progres
sive Planing Mill.
On April 1 of this year the attack of 1S92 was
renewed by the refusal of certain wholesalers
and jobbers to furnish supplies to any house
displaying a union label or shop card, or in any
way recognizing union labor. - As the Iron
Trades Council has -truly stated this fight by
the wholesalers and jobbers is a fight against
the rise of the union label in any shop or firm,
so that the local product cannot be distin
guished from goods made in sweat shops, pris
ons or ln Chinatown. Should the jobbers and
wholeealers be successful in destroying the la
bor movement of this city, thousands of men
will be compelled to leave and seek employ
ment «lsewhere. Houses will be vacant, build
ing activity will cease, real estate deals will
fall through and while a few wholesalers and
jobbers will profit for a time the rest of the
community ¦will suffer severely.
W. H. GOFF,
President San Francisco Labor Council.
* . . • .¦ •
Among the Unions.
With the commencement of the present year
the garment manufacturers of this city applied
to the Labor Council for the union label. At
the present time thousands of white operators
are engaged in Vhe making of garments in this
city, and we are told by manufacturers that
there are places open for many more, some
thing unknown heretofore. Speaking gener
ally the industries of San Francisco never were
in such a flourishing condition. This can be
proven by the fact that never in the history of
the city were so many residences, * flats and
business houses occupied and the demand for
more houses was never so great. The city con
tains 50,000 organized wage workers, carrying:
on a constant and aggressive agitation for local
products.
Our merchants must depend upon present re
sources for their future welfare. The volunteer
soldier is a thing ot the past. • His ready coin
will no longer jingle and the laboring man, the
natural producer of the wealth of all nations,
must be considered not as an individual, but as
an entity.
With the discovery of gold in Alaska San
Francisco began to take on a new lease of life.
Hundreds of ships of all descriptions were
fitted out in this port. . Our wholesale mer
chants found a new market for all classes of
goods that had been stored away in ware
houses for many years. The Spanish-American
war and the acquisition of the Hawaiian and
Philippine islands following and the revival of
the agitation by the trades unions for home
made goods has brought every industry to a
flourishing condition. The volunteers attached
to the United States Army have left many thou
sands of unexpected dollars in the coffers of
San Francisco merchants. This condition is
now changed and we must confront ourselves
with the conditions that may arise in the fu
ture. •
What the Iron Trades Council has to say
about the stove industry applies likewise to
all other branches of local industries. In 1892
and 1893 a combined attack was made on trades
unions by jobbers, wholesale merchants and
manufacturers. This attemut at destroying
unions was partially successful. •
At that time local industries, such as cigar
making, boot and shoe manufacturing, .cooper-,
ing, brewing and many other industries were in
a flourishing condition through .the energetic
agitation then made for home industry and
carried on by thousands of trades unionists,
not only in San Francisco but throughout Cali
fornia. In 1892 over 1400 employes found prof
itable employment. in the snoe factories of this
city. This was reduced three years later to
less than 300. The cigarmakers were decreased
from 700 to less than 150. From 600 tanners pre
viously employed, through the failure of the
shoe manufacturing business, less than 100 now
find steady employment. The « tanneries prac
tically went out of existence. The same can be
said about coopering. The output of local
breweries suffered a corresponding, shrinkage.
The local market was flooded with the products
of foreign breweries, because the agitation for
home-made beer had ceased. Thousands of ar
tisans and mechanics were compelled to leave
this city and seek employment elsewhere, while
hundreds of others dropped into the ranks of
the unemployed and were supported by char
ity.
..After a careful consideration of the cir
cumstances surrounding: the present condi
tions of the labor movement in thlc city,
President W. H. Goff of the San Fran
cisco Labor Council issued last night the
following: statement:
Claims That Methods Before
Used Are Again Put
Into Practice.
President Goff of Labor
Council Reviews
: Situation.
AWAITS VERDICT
OF THE PEOPLE
wmen aeiea u?on uancron s case.
Due notice was griven to your society by the
Bloat Monument Association that if you in
dorsed this lying work by accepting the dedi
cation of its author that the stone furnished
fcy your society would be rejected and have
no place in the base of the monument. The
re-election of your present board will most
ocrtainly cause its rejection by your own ac
tion in thus indorsing the dishonorin? of the
noble fame and character of Commodore John
I>rs.ke Sloat. who on July 7. 1S46. fifty-five
years ago. in faithful obedience to his orders,
without any evasion whatever, took posses
sion of California by hoisting the American
fia? at Monterey.
If the society indorses by re-election the
rresent board of directors then no longer com
memorate the 7th of July by the annual elec
tion, but change the constitution, fixing some
oth*r fiate. and let the Native Sons of Cali
fornia and other organizations perpetuate its
plorious hiftory. for the Society of California
Pioneers will eoon tsink into eternal shame and
disgrace and be fit for oblivion.
As to the proposed amendment each member
¦will vote as he thinks bf st, but even if it Is
adopted and the regular ticket elected the new
hoard of trustees, we are satisfied, can do no
worse than the present one. while they may
redeem the credit of the society by consigning
this lying work of Bancroft and Willey to the
furnzce where it should promptly be disposed
of. Respectfully, your fallow pioneer,
EDWIN A. SHERMAN.
Veteran of the Mexican War,
Chairman of the Committee of Design and
Construction of the Sloat Monument Asso
ciation.
San Francisco, July 7. 1901.
¦ The battle which raged some years ago
In the Society of California Pioneers has
been renewed with vigor since the nomi
nation of a number of candidates for the
offices of the society. The row Is due in
a large extent to the question of Ban
croft's publications, the author of which
was expelled from the society in Febru
ary. 1S94. after a vigorous objection.
The present board of directors, who are
seeking re-election, have indorsed the
works of S. H. Willey. entitled "Califor
nia's Transition Period," and those of the
pioneers who objected to certain state
ments made by Bancroft in his history of
early Calif ornlans claim that the indorse
ment of WIHey is practically a nullifica
tion of the society's action in 1S94.
The following circular has been issued
by the opposition party:
Your unanimous^ vote of expulsion of Hubert
Howe Bancroft as an honorary member of our
society on r<*ruary 5, 1894. lor misrepresenta
tion, perversion of facts, falsification of history
and maligning and defaming our dead pioneer
heroes and brethren of this society has been
nullified ln effect and Btt at naught by the
present board of directors, who seek re-election
and Indorsement at your hands.
They have forestalled the action of the com
mittee which acted in Bancroft's case, to whom
the matter of investigation of the work by S.
H. "VVilley. entitled "California's Transition
Period," was referred, and before that coin
mittee could investigate and report; and they
themselves, after advancing the sum of $300
more or leas to S. H. Willey to get out that
work, ostensibly for his personal aid, now have
assumed the responsibility of its publication
and oCer it for sale by posting up a notice
of the same in the office of the secretary.
The said work quotes from Bancroft's "His
tory of California." which It indorses and
which you by unanimous vote condemned. It
belittles, misrepresents and falsely portrays
the characters of Commodores Sloat and Stock
ton and Captain Fremont, and in the same
line as H. H. Bancroft ln his so-called "His
tory of California." and sets at naught not
only the report of the committee which con
demned him. but also your act of expulsion.
The first seven chapters of seventy-five pages
of this work of tYilley's are apparently directed
hy Bancroft's' hand, and being now issued by
the board of directors becomes an act rescind
ing in effect that of expulsion of H. H. Ban
croft from this Pioneer Society.
This is an act of great discourtesy to the
committee to whom the matter was referred
end before they could report, and one of insult-
Ing defiance to the society at larse as well
as to the Associated Veterans of the Mexican
¦\Var and the Sloat Monument Association,
¦which formally entered their protest aganist
this work and at whose respectful request the
subject matter was referred to the committee
Nominate Opposition Ticket
to Defeat Adherents
of Author.
Object to Directors Who
Favor Books of
S. H. Willey.
PIONEERS RENEW
OLD-TIME FIGHT
POISON OAKS ARE TOO FAST
FOR TIBURON BALL LAYERS
Society People All Around the Bay Gather for a
Day of Fun at Blithedale.
THE SAJST FRANCISCO CALt. MONDAY, JULY 8, 1901.
The umpire for the Clams was Andy Car
rlgan. disguised: as "a citizen.;
The line-up 1 was thus: v. •>•• •_•. . • ,u. :•','
Little .Necks.. ' Positional Poison Oaks.
"Bugs" Lundy..... Second base.... Guy. Wayman
"Nobie", Eaton. ..:.Right<fleld:.J. Wilson (capt.)
Dud Dean. .:...-.:... Center field.. ...W. "Wayman
Habernecht Short stop Duval Moore
"Petie" Sloane..... Third base......L. McMullen
"Bones" Eaton Left field......... .Ed Vincent
A. McKewen....... Catcher. George Field
L. Harris (capt.). ..First base....... Nick Kidder
Game was called at 1:30 sharp, with the
:¦¦ Pol, poi, pot! .
Oak, oak, oak!
Bumperolckel, bumpernickel—
Poison oak!
THE Poison Oaks of BUthedale
put in a "ringer" in the third inn-
Ing in the person of a dark, lithe
young man in a union suit, that
looked like the back of a deck of
cards.. That, is the reason, so the LJttle
Neck Clams of Tiburon say, why the
baseball laurels went to the men of the
Huge
10
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
OR 3 FOR 25c.
It the price of 100 Dozen IMPORTED HAND-
KERCHIEFS on Sale This Week.
Now Is the Time
To Blow Yourself.
JOHN T. GIBSON
"TOUR BOSOM FRIEND,"
SHIRTS.
. Men's Furnishing Goods.
The store that Is or>cn till 8 p. m. Clerks off
at 6 p. m.
1204 Market St.,
ICear Golden Gate Avenue.
Phone Folsom 438.
An Honest Man With Honest Prices.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailai
on Application.
COAL. COKE AN J PI3 IRON. -
- I r WTJ fe Ct\ *°° Battery Street.
J- V- WlLSUfl g \At; Telephone Main 1864.
COPPERSMITH.
f TJ 6hI P Plumbing. Steamboat and
W- TT- 2 Ml I U, Ship Work a specialty. 16 and
IS Washington rt_ Telephone Main 564L
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
IA^ RflVFSfcfil Shipping Butcher*. 104
J A J- DU ICJtt Vll- Clay. TeL Main 1294
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELUS.
<18 Front et. S. F. Phone Main 1719.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGUF-
FICK. 23 Sp*ar St.. S. F. Tel. Main E320.
Pioneer Dry Goods Stone.
MEN'S WHITE DRESS SHIRTS for 40c.
worth $1: Ladies' and Children's Hose 6c a
Pair, at Pioneer Dry Goods Store. 105 Klfth st.
PRINTING.
Ed HIIfiHFS PRINTER.
V» UIJUIICJ. m sansome st.. S. F.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JXJDD CO.,
a First Street. San Francisco.
Weekly Call, $1 per Year
GOLDBERG. B0WEN & CO'S SPECIAL SAYINQ SALl
BDWEN
Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Uneeda bi'scuits
Soda-Mi lk-Oysterettes- package _
Zu Zu snaps— special for 3 days 5
come and sample them
N e w teas
Our regular 50c lb quality * oc
including "Bee" brand Ceylon *
Pasha c o f f e e
: -
Pure— roasted or ground— • 30c
j reg'ly 35c lb 1 lbs 55c
Macaroni
Spaghetti— vermicelli-
letters and numbers — 2 lbs 2CC
reg'ly 15c i lb package'
. R o y.a n s
Sardines with truffle and
pickle— appetizing— 2 for 2CC
regl'y 15c can J
T o ma to cats up
G B & Co— fresh flavor — j c
reg'ly 20c bottle J
C r e o 1 e rice
Extra fancy Carolina- 5 lb carton 45^
reg'ly 20c lb 10 " " 90c
Mayonnaise
Sierra Madre— picquant— * r c
reg'ly 30c bottle
A 1 mon d s
California shelled— . • * QC
for blanching— reg'ly 35c lb J
Bouillon
Anker beef capsules-convenient- 2 CC
•strengthening-reg'ly 30c box of ten 5
P i n e " apple
Singapore-choice quality <i lb can ICC
reg'ly 20C-25C-30C can-2^ " <c 2OC
sliced— whole 3 " " 25c
•Cheese \
Club house— good rich after 'JOC^
dinner cheese— reg'ly 35c jar y ]
Ferris bacon \
The finest made — reg'ly tz\c lb 2OC !
Toilet ammonia;
Lavender — violet — o ro !
rcgMy 30c bottle— for the bath .. -> r j
Toilet paper i
Belvedeie— extra quality — , gj j O ;
1000 sheets— reg'ly 1 50 doz '•'¦£ \
Bril la n t i n e
Violet— imparts lustre to the « nr '
hair— reg'ly 25c bottle \
Coc k t a i 1 s
Imperial— 6 kinds — nnc
ready to use— reg'ly $ 1 25 bottle " UL -
SPECIAL
3750 Bards EXTRA HEAVY PLAIN TAFFETA SILK,
full 21 incnes wide; 15 different' snades. Always
sold iu us for $1.00 uardj prlGe to close
50c yard.
2 cases ALL-WOOL CREPE ALBATROSS, extra fine
gualltB, 1 38 incnes wide. All the new shades for
street and evening wear. Price 60c yard.
37 pieces FINE PRINTED FOULARD SILKS, 23, U and
• 27 inches wldej a good Yarietg of designs and
colorings, \ Price 50c yard.
Reduced from $1.00 nard,
2 cases GENUINE IRISH LINEN, natural color and
hatiste finish. This Is the fahrlc so much In de-
. mand for outing skirts and seaside wear. Width
of goods 32lnches. Price 25c yard.
150 pieces STRIPED MADRAS GINGHAMS, In all the
- new colorings. This Gingham measures fullg
• 32 inches in width, and as it was shipped to us
six weeks too late, Price to close 20c yard-
450 SILK REMNANTS AND SHORT LENGTHS OF
FANCY TAFFETAS, PLAIN COLORED TAFFETAS
and LIGHT COLORED EVENING SILKS, all
marked down to ahout one-third less than former
prices. •
111. 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
. .^^^^te : Semiannual .* ||
wltaFflllU; «3alw!
. . . \ JMSiii^'fli^S^^ •' s P ec «a! ' Bargains :
- . pHMHHi''' ln Every De P art ™ nt - ¦ .
Mitlll X*^^W^^ Handsome Bedroom Suits — Brass
£%M$W$b xMt^^Mili Beds > Separate Bureaus, Chiffoniers,
*|p||g--fg|| — •>»- "^Pfef^jk*^ Fancy Rockers, Folding Beds and
rvf l^Ci^\f" -ji^_ '-./^rdxTlifljEzr ' other-household goods which you
¦ B> p^y^-'i ffl " _ «s£ = " can secure at prices never before of-
•ss^Vg 1 -^.* \ Don't Misp This Opportunity.
Special' Discounts from io to 40 per. cent^ for cash. / •
THE MONEY-SAVING FURNITURE AND CARPET HOUSE.
V^v. V' /: - ,./ . "¦';-.; . , p : Cash ' or ¦ Credit. '.
KRAGEN FURNITURE C0,^^SS^
TUBSES, • iSn ' or ar y P ur P° se < »* P'ices
¦ ¦fSKbfcjgvJ., iW lower than any hcuio on
¦£?£?*£$¦ ' p n e,m. f n C en1
benefits to .
weaker uncertain vitioi. Shirpser's.Patent Clip
ho ds g'esses on and insures comfort to wearer. .
Prices 50c, 75c «nd $1.00.
Max lShlrpsec Prop * 42lTrifep"5t
60IJBEB0 JBO VO * CO'3 8PSC1AL 8A , YET3 S ALB
Riesling
Carbonate with sparklets— 6cc
rich fruity flavor— reg'ly $i gal
Whisky
regly special
Old Crow bourbon 1893 bot $1 25 $1
4* " " " gal 5 4
Hermitage rye 1894 bot 1 25 1
« •« gal 5 4
P or t e r — Ale
Bass' ale— Guinness' porter— $ 2
whitelabel-reg'ly$2and$2 25
July catalogue and price list—
40 pages to interest you
a«P!ne *}2 Sutler a8oo California San Francisco
3 Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland
MOMttT 1
This Great Train 1
A " D runs but twica i
per week during i
THURSDAY °™ j
m Leaving at 9 un, B
i» . . H
it arrives in *3
uiiFOBiiiiE?ir ; |
LI ||] 1 1 LU its hJtfl standard |
of service ts 9
0N fully maintained. |
OAnlfl it I
. _
Golf-Grip
Eye-GIasses
(Patented April 2, 1901),
NEVER TILT OR SLIP
Only to be had of
0PTIC.ANS>L^Z:" W -
642 Market 5t. instruments
V under CHAOucu BUHDIN&. CATALOGUE Fr*E.
DR.MQNULTY.
T'HIS WKLL-KXOWN AND RRUABLE OLD
.1 Specialist cures Blood Poison, Gonorrhcea.Gleet.
8trictur<-, Seminal Weakness. Impotence and their
allied Disorders.' Rook on Diseases of Men, frees.
Over20years>xperence.TernM reasonable. Hour*.
9to3da!Iy;6:a)to3.30ev'B!i Sundayn.lOto 12. Consul-
tation freeaadsacredly confidential. Call oraddxesa
P. ROSCOE MeXCLTT, M. D.
2CJa KenraySf, San Franciacc. CsJ-
1A/. X. HESS.
N0TAET PTOUC AND ATTORNEY- AT-LAW.
Tenth FJoor. Room 1013, Claris Spreckels BlAr
Telephone Brown 931.
: Residence, S21 California st.. below PowelL
San Francisco. • '