THREE OF THE VICTIMS OF SUNDAY MORNING'S • FIRE. THE PIC
TURE ON THE RIGHT IS THAT OF. JAMES R. WHITE, THE UPPER
ONE IS THAT OF CHARLES WHITE, AND THE ' ONE TO THE
LEFT THAT OF CHALES YOUNG.
tlon to the loss: of: life much valuable
property was destroyed and many people
had narrow escapes. The tethered horses
In the. stables, overcome . by: the lethal
fumes, dropped down in their stalls, dy
ing as they fell. Others were burned to
death, and yesterday their partially Incin
erated bodies gave mute evidence of their
hopeless struggle against fate. - :
. It was at 3:27 a. m. that the first alarm
was turned in by Stable Watchman Mun
roe through an auxiliary box. . The Flre
Department quickly responded and on the
arrival, of Assistant Chief Dougherty,
eight minutes later, a second alarm was
turned In. The rear end of the stable was
ablaze, while masses of smoke, dense and
overpowering, filled ,the building.
Little time was consumed In extinculsh
lng the flre. A south wind was blowing
and this 1 carried the smoke out through
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FAN ANDREAS. March 30.— Samuel D.
Holman, deputy sheriff of Calaveras
County, was shot and killed to-night while
la pursuit of two highwaymen.
Holman conducted a t-aloon at Co
manche and returned to his home every
nicht at the town of Wallace. While driv
ing along the read during a heavy storm
hr was stopped by two men, who took
what -money and valuables he had. He
was then allowed to proceed to Wallace,
where Ye at once gave' the alarm. He
learn-d that William Robinson, another
oitjzen of Wallace^ had been held up at
the same place a Half-hour before.
Holman Immediately formed a posse,
which proceeded to the place where the
holdup occurred. When they were within
fifty yards of tbe epot the highwaymen
opened fire from ambush. The first shot
fired struck Holman, with serious results.
«s he died within two hours. The shot
pierced the body just below the heart
Deputy Sheriff Holman Shot in Night Bat
tle With Highwaymen Near Wallace.
¦¦ Officers Thorn, McSorley and Dower
Immediately made arrangements to go out
In the storm to-night from here In pur
suit. Holman was a popular officer, and
Jt will go hard with the murderers if
caught. ' I,
The robbers had a bay mare and an
open buggy. One of the men is described
as six feet tall. He 'wore a dark coat,
fedora hat, short whiskers, gray hair and
the end of his rose is missing. The second
robber is four Inches shorter and an Irish
man. He wore a brown' suit, light hat
and heavy mustache. Tho large man ad
dressed him as Brownie during tho second
holdup.
During the confusion that resulted from
Holman's injury the robbers made their
escape, and th"c men returned to Wallace
with the dying officer.
Holman was a man of family, leaving a
wife and six children. He was 35 years
of age and was appointed constable six
months ago.
FUGITIVE BANDITS KILL
A CALAVERAS OFFICER
Bp€dal Dispatch to The Call.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 10.— The
condition of former President Harrison is
serious. Dr. Jameson said to-day that
the upper part of General Harrison's left
lung- was inflamed. There is some danger
of the congestion extending to the rest of
the lung and to the right lung. -
. Until 3 o'clock this afternoon General
Harrison was resting easily, but at that
time he became slightly worse and Dr.
Jameson was called. He said that he was
certain nothing was to be apprehended for
the next forty-eight hours, but the age
of the patient renders all calculations un
certain.
At 8 o'clock this evening General Har
rison was suffering some pain, but was
resting comparatively easy.
Spanish Gunboat Ashore.
. MADRID. March 10.— The Spanish gun
boat Ponce de Leon Is ashore near Huelva,
about : fifty miles , southwest of Seville.
Condition of the Ex-Presi
dent Changes for the
Worse.
DOCTOR FEARS
FOR HARRISON
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GRANADA. Colo.. March 10.— Tired of
the humdrum of home life, Miss Really
Wortman, 18' years ;old, of Dodge City,
Kansas, thought It -would be more pleas
ant to be a man and earn a living and
see the world. J She ran away from home,
made her way - to Colorado, and two
weeks ago appeared In this town In man's
dress, looking for work. Sho was engaged
as a sheep herder by Rancher Cristopher.
. The hard,- outdoor life in winter •was not
wholly to her taste and after a week of
It she came to Granada and went to work
as waiter in a restaurant, promising to
return' to the sheep ranch In the spring.
To Mr. Crlstopher she said her name
was Frank ,Merriwell. In Granada she
Introduced i herself as Frank Gray. *
Last- Saturday, the Sheriff of Ford
County arrived -with • Edward ; Wortman,
who .was 5 looking; for., his _; missing - sister.
Tbey^ met and 'recognized her In the res
taurant and took 'her home to-day. '
Runaway Girl Becomes a
Shepherd on a Colo
rado Ranch.
TOILS AFIELD
IN MAN'S GARB
Yearly Salary Allowed
the Steel Trust's
Manager.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
the corporation." he sail. '
NEW YORK, March 10.— Instead of &
modest $800,000 a year reported as his re
muneration for presiding over the affairs
of the United States Steel Corporation.
Charles M. Schwab will draw a salary of
$1,000,000. The figures were given authori
tatively to your representative by one of
the members of the -steel combine who
helped effect a settlement between tha
rival companies.
Hardly len.-» extraordinary than the sal
ary, the largest paid to any man In the
business world to-day, is the unanimity
of approval tvlth which the officers and
directors In the different companies in the
steel combine regard it When thq mat
ter was under discussion on February 24.
at tbe "Waldorf-Astoria, an objecting
voice was answered by an officer of the
National Tube Comr" '-'. In which J. Pler
pont Morgar. was'largei" Interested. .
"Schwab will earn every cent of It for
COOL MILLION
SCHWAB'S PAY
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. '1406; G
STREET, N. W., WASHINGTON, March
10.— Senator McLaurln of South Carolina
is no longer a Democrat. His name has
been stricken from the Democratic cau
cus roll by his own request. He has vir
tually read himself out of the party which
elected him Senator. Whether he is to be
classed as an Independent or a Republi
can, or will prefer to retain the title of
Democrat In the official Congressional Di
rectory, Is something for McLaurln him
self to ; determine/ 1 - :
The Junior Senator from South Carolina
has been voting with the Republicans ¦ on
every occasion where there was a division
on anything like* political lines. .To Demo
cratic friends he has' contented V himself
with declaring that his votes were ip ac
cordance with"; his idea of what was cor
rect, , and; ho .has said- he =, would; continue
to vote as , he deemed right, 1 ' In*. spite of. all
criticisms of ; his Democratic" colleagues. .'
United States Senator Mc-
Laurin Wearies of
Bryanism.
p»™^WICE during the early hours of
I yesterday "morning the flre bells
• I rang out second alarms for danger
•"• ous blazes in stabies in the heart
* of the city. In one ten horses were
suffocated, in the second three lives were
'lost and sixty-four horses burned to death
or suffocated. Both fires started in the
rear of. the buildings. Twice before within
I the space of a few weeks fires have been
| discovered in stables in this city. , One at
814 Geary street and one at Valencia and
Twenty-eighth streets . were burned, the
fires starting in the same relative, man
ner.
As told exclusively in yesterday. morn-
Ing's Call, the most disastrous ; flre that
has visited this city for some time broke
out In the Derby Stables, owned by
Thomas J." Morton, southeast corner of
Geary and Leavenworth streets. In addl-
LEAVES RANKS
OF DEMOCRACY
the. place a few weeks ago from a Mrs.
Schaefer. : . .
"Sparks from adjacent chimney" Is as
signed as the cause of the fire by Captain
Comstock of the Underwriters* Fire Pa
troL Theorists differ somewhat with the
veteran as to the cause. Some remark
able conditions existed. The hottest place
evidently was under the water-soaked
washroom, where the horses were burned.
To the east, toward Day's blacksmith
Bhop, and on the floor above, where tho
employes slept and where many of the
vehicles were stored, the fire also raged.
The flames took an irregular course and a
great smoke was produced.
According to Dr. Creeley, the veterinary
surgeon, horses require much oxygen. The
stable was well ventilated, access was
easy, at least to the upper floors, yet the
lives of three human beings and sixty
four horses went out like a flash.
About an hour and a half previous to
the flre In the Derby stable flre broke out
In the rear of the barn of A- M. Grant &
Co., 11 and 16 Golden Gate avenue. Two
alarms were turned in and ten horses
were suffocated by smoke. Fortunately
before the fire had gained great headway
the horses were rescued, but several have
since died and others are still suffering
from the inhalation of smoke, and several
of them may succumb.
Horse owners and. stablemen, reviewing
the frequent fires In the rear portions of
stables, are asking themselves. "What
causes these frequent fires, and what
deadly gas does burning straw give forth
¦ that such disastrous results follow?"
i The Derby stables were purchased by
Morton a little more than three years ago.
They were formerly owned by G. B.
Morsehead. and for r.ecrly twenty years
previously by Theodore Ross, the Jockey,
who rode Thad, Stevens to victory at the
Ocean House track 11. a four-mile and re
peat race. So far It has passed through,
three fires, but never with such disas
trous results as the last one.
Cause of the Fire.
Flre Marshal Towe claims that a burn-
cued, but the • balance ] died ' either In their
stalls or Just without, after having broken
their halters in i vain - efforts •' to escape."
The ¦ valuable' horses were 'on the main
floor. On the lower floor, about where the
flre started, eight ! horses were burned to
death. . It was here that the fire in the
straw raged the fiercest.
Eyewitnesses say that the flames ran up
the outside of the building at a point be
tween the dwelling at 516 Leavenworth
street and the blacksmith shop of James
Day at the eastern end of .the stable.
Scenes of wild consternation followed.
The guests of the Hotel MIramar, which
Is Just across the street, the lodgers with
Mrs. A. Bray at 591 Geary street. Im
mediately above the stables, the occu
pants of the house3 on Leavenworth
street, and others In the vicinity made
hasty preparations for departure. But
the fire was conquered before It had
spread beyond the stable.
ing doormat hanging on the balustrade
of the stairs leading to the yard in the
rear of 616 Leavenworth street was Ig
nited in some. manner, and fanned by the
southerly breeze set fire to the rear end
of the stable. The straw In the stables
then caught, and before the watchman
discovered it the flre had made great
progress. Some say that Munroe had
gone out for his supper prior to calling
the morning watch, and that the flre had
made such headway before his return
that escape for the animals on
the lower floor was impossible.' In
Day's blacksmith shop many vehicles
were under a canvas cover. Thla took
fire and the buggies were consumed. The
flames spread a short distance through
the lower and rear upper parts of the
building.
Slight damage was done to the dwelling
at 516 Leavenworth street, owned by E.
Best, and occupied by Mrs. Hughes and!
family. Her kitchen abuts the stable on.
the south, and the outer portion was dam
aged to the extent of about $150. She
was awakened by a lodger, Mrs. Her
ewith.
Thomas J. Morton, son of. Former Sup
ervisor Thomas Morton, was the owner of
the stable. The building was insured for
$3000 Jn the German-American Insurance*
Company, but there was no insurance on
the contents. Morton estimates his loss
at about $10,000. exclusive of that on the
building. Of the sixty-four horses, twen
ty-five .were boarders. As far as known,
Dr. Krotoszyner was the only one who
had his animals Insured.
Valuable Animals Lost.
Dr. C. F. Buckley lost two doubls
teams: Dr. Renz a double team: Harry
Koenig a pacer, over which he shed, tears:
Edward Sachs lost a horse for which ha
refused $1000 a few days ago. This horse
died peacefully In. its stall, with Its head
between its forefeet, apparently without
a struggle.
Mrs. A. Bray, who occupies the lodging
house Immediately above the stable, suf
fered slight loss, occasioned by the hasty
moving of her furniture. She purchased
doors and. windows in dense volumes. Ly
ing in stalls, upon the several floors, near
ly three score of horses died. Many of
these were valuable animals, but there
were human beings asleep in the building,
and the firemen directed their efforts In
' attempts to save them.
Bodies of Stablemen Found.
The flre fighters were heavily handi
capped by the smoke. They groped their
way in the darkness to the runway lead-
Ing to the upper floor and there, partially
burned, was found the body of Charles
Toung. In the sleeping-room of the stable
employes, on the floor above, they found
the bodies of James Richard White and
Charles White, who had been overtaken
by death as they slept.
James White, or "Dick," had been In the
employ of Morton for a year and a half—
his brother, for only ten days. Both were
single' men. Charles Toung had been em
ployed for about six months. The latter
leaves a wife and several children in San
Jose. Ho formerly made Modesto his
home. Charles White was born In Phila
delphia, while his brother, James Rich
ard,, was a native of England. Their
bodies were identified by Dr. Westphal,
Police Veterinary Surgeon.
Daylight presented a horrible sight.
Some four or five horses had been res-
KENTUCKY COLLEGE UNROOFED.
Two Negroes Fatally Hurt in Falling
Cabin and Church Destroyed.
FULTON. Ky.. March 10.— In the terrific
storm that swept this section last night
the damage was the greatest at Clinton
and Hlckman. At Clinton twenty negro
cabins were demolished, two negroes be
ing mortally hurt and many others badly
bruished and mashed, part of Marvin Col
lege was unroofed, the water works plant
was destroyed and eight freight cars were
blown from the track. At Hlckman the
Baptist church was destroyed by wind.
A large number of houses and barns were
blown down In Fulton and Hickman coun
ties. The loss cf property Is large.
PADCCAH, Ky.. March 10.— A storm
struck the neighborhood of Masons Mill
last night and overturned three houses
filled with negroes. Twenty stables were
blown down and many horses killed. To
bacco barns were razed and their con
tents blown away. The Catholic, Presby
terian and Baptist churches were de
stroyed. Loss $50,000.
OWENSBORO, Ky.. March 10.— A cloud
burst here last night did great v damage.
The sewer well and a big water main on
Davis street fcurst, and a hole twenty-five
feet deep and about fifty feet wide was
torn in the streets for some distance. The
streets were undermined so badly that to
day part of them caved In. The Temple
Theater and Anderson's department store,
near by, are both undermined and in dan
ger. -
HEAVY SNOWFALL IN KANSAS.
Passenger Train Stuck in I>rift and
Communication Interrupted.
KANSAS CITY. March 10.— Last night's
snowstorm was one of the severest of the
winter in Western Missouri and Northern
Kansas. While the fall was not heavy
It drifted badly. The Missouri Pacific had
a passenger train stuck in a. drift for six
hours near Jamestown. Kans. There are
bad drifts on a number of Missouri Pa
cific branches, but they have no Sunday
trains. Two engines were run on all
trains to-day.
Wind and sleet at some points caked on
the wires and caused more or less inter
ruption of telegraphic and telephonic
communication.
TORNADO VISITS INDIANA.
PRINCETON'. Ind.. March 10.— A tor
nado last night wrecked one dwelling and
moved several others from their places.
Hundreds of outbuildings were de
molished. Xo lives were lost. The court
house and high school buildings were
much damaged.
died last night from fright. She was sick
at the home of her father, O. T. Johnson,
when the storm struck the town. R. # "W.
Garrett. Benjamin Walters and two of J.
"YV. Williams' children are reported to be
dy.ng.
The property loss In Willspoint Is esti
mated at $75,000. and at Van Zandt and
surrounding country districts at $100,000.
The storm section extends Into Arkansas,
Louisiana and up the Mississippi Valley
nearly to Memphis, which region Is almost
without wire or rail.
Telegraph companies are finding It diffi
cult to gather details of the storm, but
enough I? known on which to base esti
mates of property losses approximating
$1,000,000 to the Southeastern farming and
other interests, and at least a score of
persons dead.
Mayor Finney to-night issued a state
ment on the Willspoint situation. He says
nearly 100 persons are entirely destitute
and are being cared for by the local au
thorities. A relief committee has. been
formed. At present contributions will be
asked for from Texas only. If the condi
tions In the country districts develop
badly the request for aid may be extended.
EMERY. Texas. March 10.— The storm
which passed over "Wiljspoint yesterday
killed one man near the Sablne River. In
Raines Mr. Miller v/as seriously injured,
p.-d W. T. Lewis, together with his entire
family of six, were injured, two fatally.
The little boy, reported dead, was alive
this morning. The attending physician
says the boy's sixteen-year-old sister can
not recover. Lewis' house was completely
destroyed, and the buildings of Miss Mil
ler and Foreman. Holder. Buchanan jand
Cochran were badly damaged.
CHICAGO. March 10.— One of th« worst
¦wind storms of the season struck Chicago
rarly to-day and during the two hours
that it was at its height damaged prop
erty throughout the city to the extent of
$175,000. Many heavy plate glass windows
v,«r* blown in. Telegraph and telephone
rrmpanics were the worst sufferers and
Jt will be Foire time before order can be
restored. Thousands of poles were blown
down and Chicago was practically Iso
lated from, the West and Northwest by
telephone ard telegraph to-night and aJl
day to-day. The long distance telephone
service was crippled badly and was of
little or no value. Up to a late hour to
r.iglit neither Milwaukee nor Minneapolis
£01:14 be reached by long distance tele
phone. The storm Is believed to have
been most severe in Southern Wisconsin.
Along a short stretch of the Milwaukee
road in Southern Wisconsin 500 telegraph
poles are down. Reports from many
j-HDints in Indiana and Kentucky also In
dicate heavy damage from the* storm.
The Western Union and Postal Telegraph
companies suffered s=e\-erely by fallen
poles. It was estimated that there were .
no fewer than 5000 poles In the city j
thrown down by the fury of the wind and j
storm. Telegraph service almost as far j
west as Omaha was stopped until late
this eveairx.
Trains entirir.g Chicago were delayed
from ten minutes to an hour. The Bur
lington snd Milwaukee and St. Paul com
panies were the worst sufferers in this re
spect. All the roads suffered damage to
their tracks and switch yards.
At the life saving station at the mouth
or the Chicago Rivor it was considered
the worst gale that has struck Chicago
Harbor since 1S59. The water, lashed into
fury, came up to the life Eaving station
j.r,d flooded the floor for the first time In
twelve years. Most of the shipping was
protected in winter quarters, so that the
Uiircage done to it was slight.
The paesenper steamships Indiana and
City of Grand Rapids, plying between
here sr.d Milwaukee, were caught square
ly in the gale. After many attempts the
Grar.d Rapids managed to get inside the
harbor at.V'eneshaw, where she remained
until the storm abated. The Indiana put
Into port in Chicago In the midst of the
storm with all her patscngers seasick and
panic-stricken. They described it as the
wildest night Lake Michigan has known
in sears.
TTC-LONE KILLS ARKANSAS BOY.
Woaian and Lad Knocked Down by
Lightning at Van Buren.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., March 10.— A
r.< avy rain, wind and thunder etorm, ac
companied by lightning, visited Arkansas
> c sterday.
At Van Buren lightning struck the resi
dence cf James Morrell. rendering his
wife unconscious, and a boy was knocked
down in the street.
At Conway fifteen business houses were
unroofed, three ethers blown down and
many stores flooded.
Reports from Pine Prairie say that a
cyclone struck there, wrecking everything
in its path. A boy named Turner was
killed.
PARAGOUI. Ark., March 10.— Last
r.ight's storm killed three persons In
Green County and wrought much p^p
crty damage. At Rockhill, Mrs. Mulle
Davis and a 13-year-old boy named Oscar
Roberts were killed by falling timbers.
At Jackson, Commissary Charles Bowl
ing, a well known young business man,
•was killed outright by the roof of his
house falling in. Several persons are re
ported injured. Much damage to small
buildings, fences and trees I? reported.
FOREST CITY. Ark.. March lO.-Three
prrsor.s were killed and many injured In
this vicinity last night by a tornado, and
sixteen houses and miles of fences and
many trees were leveled. Ten miles north
cast the tornado shattered the house of
J. A. Wolley, killing Wolley and serious=l y
injuring his wife and his stepson. Bob
Allen. The other victims wore negroes.
DEATHS NUMBER EIGHT
IN WILLSPOINT TORNADO
One Hundred Are Left Destitute and
Are Being Cared for by the
Authorities.
DALLAS. Texas. March 10. — Up to
to-night eight deaths arc reported from
the Willspoint tornado. Beulah Johnson
SHANGHAI. March lO.-pDispatches from
Lanchou assert that General Tung-fu-
Hsiang, with 20,000 men, and Prince Tuan,
with 10,000 men, are at Ning-Hsu, prepared
to resist arrest. "' .
The China Gazette announces that
Cheng, the Taotal, nas memorialized the
throne In favor of the abolition of llk'n
duties and that all the Viceroys and Gov
ernors support him.
BERLIN, March 10.— The "War Office has
received the following dispatch from
Count von "Waldersee:
"PEKING. March • 10.— Colonel Lede
bur's column stormed a gate of the great
wall eighty miles west of Paotingfu on
Friday, March 8, and captured three
guns." ;
BRITISH: TNttjTTENCE WANING.
Fast Losing Prestige in the Valley
of the Yang-tse.
LONDON. March 11. — Commenting edi
torially upon the attitude of the United
States Government toward the Manchu
rian convention the Times says:
"Apparently the "Washington Govern
ment rely upon the moving force of their
exhortations to induce Russia to abandon
the convention or China to refuse to sign
it. The reed seems desperately broken."
The Shanghai correspondent of the
Times, who sends a long account of the
waning of British influence in the Yang
tse Valley, says:
"Five years ago British Interests and
Influence were predominant and unchal
lenged, but to-day not only is the Yang
tse not a British sphere In the sense In
which Manchuria Is Russian and Shan
tung German, hut it is steadily growing
less English and more international. The
whole country is overrun with German,
French. Belgian Hnd Swiss en pincers and
traders, who are exploring Its mineral
wealth and commercial resources, while
two. German lines are briskly competing
with their shipping on the river; formerly
a British monopoly. One advantage the
British still possess. over other powers in
the valley is the confidence and good will
of the better class of the people and of
the officials of Central China."
EARL LI IS NEAR TO DEATH.
PEKING, March 10.-LI Hung Chang is
again seriously ill and his physicians an
nounce that his life hangs by a thread.
Prince Chlng and Earl Li seem' to think
that by spreading rumors of the court's
unreadiness to return lo Peking unless
this or that thing is done they can influ
ence the deliberations of the Ministers
of the powers. As a matter of fact, ac
cording to reliable reports from Singanfu.
the imperial personages are extremely un
comfortable at Singanfu, where they lire
In the house of the Governor, which Is
only a small structure. French mission
aries who have just returned here from
Singanfu believe that the Empress Dow
ager would bring the court back to Pe
king on the first offer of the allies, haying
as a basis the removal of the trooos. ex
cept the legation guard:;.
The foreign envoys will not hold a gen
eral meeting until Tuesday, owing to the
absence of the French Minister, M. Pi
chon. at Paotinsfu.
The United States signal corps will he
ready to leave In a week according to in •
Ptruetlons. No transport has been an
nounced, however.
JAPAN'S WARLIKE MOVEMENTS
LONDON, March 10. — "The Japanese
battleship Hatsuse, Just completed in Eng
>land, has been ordered to proceed hither
with all possible speed." says the Yoko
hama correspondent of the Dally Mail.
"Other orders given to the Japanese navy
Indicate the seriousness with which the
Japanese Government regards the situa
tion in the Far East.
"Well-Informed Japanese regard Rus
sia's action in Manchuria as a gigantic
bluff, inspired by the notion that Eng
land's hands are tied In South Africa;
but as Germany Is only half-hearted In
the maintenance of Chinese integrity a
coalition with Japan is improbable, anl
Japan la too much embarrassed In her
finances to do more than to protest anl
to endeavor to secure compensating ad
vantages in Korea."
"Chinese signature of the Manchuria
convention is practically assured." says
the St. Petersburg correspondent of the
Dally Mall, "because Russia last August
sent to the Empress Dowager 7500 poods
of bar silver." ;
"It is not likely that the. powers will op
pose the schemes of Russia," says the Pe
king correspondent of the Morning Post,
wiring Saturday. "The situation Is re
garded as very gloomy. Even the Chi
nese plenipotentiaries declare openly that
intervention by the powers is not desir
able unless they are prepared to back up
their protests.,
"There are reports from the province of
Shansl that. the Chinese are constructing
extensive fortifications and mobilizing
large bodies of troops to resist an ad
vance of the allies.
"General Chaftee refuses to allow the
decapitation of several notorious -Boxer
chiefs, guilty of murder, whom a Chinese
Judge has condemned. The Americana
are the only foreigners who - have . carried
out no executions In Peking." ¦
Are Encamped at Ning-Hsu
at tbe Head ol Thirty
Thousand Men.
Tung-fu-Hsiang and
Tuan Will Resist
Arrest,
BOXER CHIEFS
TO FIGHT FOR
THEIR LIVES
Chicago Is Severe Sufferer With Damage
Throughout the City Which Amounts
to Thousands of Dollars.
FIERCE STORM SWEEPS
THE MIDDLE WESTERN
AND SOUTHERN STATES
VOLUME LXXXIX-XO. 101.
SAN FEANCISCO,, MONDAY, : MARCH A 11, 1901.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THREE STABLE EMPLOYES AND MANY
HORSES SUCCUMB TO LETHAL FUMES
IN A PECULIAR EARLY MORNING FIRE
Morton^ Stables Partially Destroyed With Disastrous Results—Hotel
Quests Are Alarmed at Impending Danger While
; Firemen Subdue the Flames.
The San Francisco Call.Ramel of the French Chamber, who will
act as seconds for M. Andre Buffet In the
projected duel with M. Paul Deroulede. ' .
GENOA, March 10.— M. Paul Deroulede
arrived here this morning from Barcelona,
accompanied by his sister and M. Marcel-
Habert. -' •¦ . \
The difficulties which exist between M.
Paul Deroulede and M. Andre Buffet will
probably be settled by a duel ln Switzer
land some time this week. The men were
to meet; a couple of weeks ago, but their
friends partly succeeded ln patching up
a truce. This, however, was not destined
to endure for many/days.
• Last Wedfcesday the seconds pf Derou
lede and Buffet had a meeting In Paris to
discuss the. necessity of a. duel for honor's
sake. Buffet's representatives protested
', 'Writing tablets, papeterles and ream pa
-pers.'- Prices- all - right. ' The latest tints
land shapes just received. Sanborn, Vail
& Co., 741 Market st. - •
BERLIN. March lO.-Frince Albert
ZoJrae-Braunfels has committed suicide at
V. aesben having learned that the diseas3
from wnicn he was suffering was incur
able.
Prince Commits Suicide.
BRUNSWICK, Ga., March \ 10.— Tha
Brunswick and Birmingham Railroad has
filed 'a mortgage In favor of the Knicker
bocker. Trust Company ; of New -York to
secure an issue of 56,750,000 * fifty-year 5
yer' cent gold bonds. These bonds, will be
sufficient to build and eauip the road to'
Birmingham. Work Is being .vigorously
pushed at this end. .
Plan Railroad' Extension.
BERLIN, March 40.— It is; reported ,in
©ourt circles, that "Earl Roberts "'thank
fully returned" to Emperor ; William * tho
Insignia of the Order of : the Black EagUj,
conferred at tho time of the Kaiser's visU
to England, after noticing the unfavora
ble comment ln the German press upon
the bestowal of the honor.
of Black Eagle Insignia.
Unfavorable Comment of Press Be
lieved to Have. Induced He turn
ROBERTS SAID TO HAVE ' "
. REFUSED GERMAN HONOR
Enter Polytechnique - School Upon
. Anti-Jesuit Manifestation
by Cadets. •
LISBON, March 10.— Upon a manifesta
tion against the Jesuits by students" of
the Polytechnique School, the police en
tered the institution and struck many with
swords.
Among: the wounded are eome Infantry
and -cavalry cadets: The students have
addressed resolutions to the Chamber of.
Deputies and House of Peers denouncing
the police. ' ' '•
MADRID. March 10. — El Heraldo says
there have been further anti-Jesuit mani
festations In Lisbon and the municipal
guard is now patrolling the city. Strict
censorship is .enforced.
ARMED POLICE WOUND
STUDENTS IN LISBON
Files Suit Against Senator •
SPRINGFIELD. 111.. March 10— At
torney Willis Falrman of Alton.' who in
company with John T. Beals, was arrest
ed recently- and taken to Edwardsville
charged with belngr an accomplice in the
"invincible. thfef" case, has instituted suit
for ¦ $50,000^ damages againat Madison
County, 'alleging, false imprisonment and
that he was assaulted by officers on their
midnight drive, with him from Alton T to
Edwardsville.:; : ¦ , •• ¦•• • -\~^
LONDON, March 10.— It is reported that
Russia is seeking, the. support of the pow
ers In a' scheme to prevent a sudden out
break in : the Balkans,, says the Vienna
correspondent of the Morning Post "Sh«
proposes.that Servla, Bulgaria and Greece
should greatly reduce their armies, on
condition that the powers give a niedee
to protect their. independence. It ia as
serted that the assent of Great Britain
and Austria has already been obtained "
of Lesser States.
Scheme Is to Prevent Outbreak in
Balkins By Weakening Power
RUSSIA REPORTED TO BE
SEEKING POWBBS' SUPPORT
leader of New Sect In North Carolina
Taken From His Lodgings
by a Mob.
CHATTANOOGA. Tenn.. March 10.—
News has Just reached here of a white
capping Incident which took ¦ place In
Cherokee County, North Carolina, fifteen
miles from Ducktown. Tenn. A new sect
has been organized ln the . lower part of
Cherokee County, called . "The | Sanctified
Church." The mode of worship had be
come repugnant to the ' citizens. Some
time_ago the church house was burned
by. the citizens, after they had given pub
lic warning, but one of the preachers re
mained after having . been notified to
leave. ¦ - .• * . .
A crowd of twenty-two citizens, dis
guised as i whitecans and all well armed,
went to the house of P. Berrong, where
the preacher was boarding. The preacher
S2 8 * dra .^ed out of the house and given
thirty-nine Jashea with a blacksnake whip,
after which ho was ordered to, leave the
community forthwith. He did. so.
WHTTECAPS WHIP V
BEPUGNANT PREACHES
Tills Audience at Emmet
Gathering That Erin Is
Ready for Fray.
NEW YORK,. March" 10.— The one hun
dred and twenty-third anniversary of the
birth of Robert Emmet, the Irish pat
riot martyr, was celebrated under ¦ the
auspices of the Clan-na-Gael to-night by
a concert and mass meeting In the Acad
emy of Music. Tho oration was delivered
by Mayor John Daly of Umerlck, who
appeared on the platform with the gold
links of office around his neck. Mayor
Daly after thanking the audience ln the
name of the corporation of Limerick and
the people of Ireland for th© cordial re
ception given him, said in part:
\om may realize the significance of Limer
ick's Mayor addressing you on this memorable
occasion when you learn that he was Invited
to attend a meeting in honor of the Queen
less than a year ago. He did not accept that
Invitation because Limerick's Mayor, Limer
ick's people or Limerick's corporation had no
stomach for honoring England's Queen. L4m-'
erick's people, however, have a place for their
kindred ln America, and selected their Mayor,
who had worn shackles for his. country and
now wears those- golden links as a reward. for
his fealty to the old cause, as a fitting repre
sentative to send to, Chicago and New York.
Mayor Daly devoted some time to eulo
gizing tho services of Emmet and then
turned his attention to tho task of scor
ing-England for her treatment of Ireland
and the South African republics. Along
this line he said:
,. T . h . e .. Irl ! h P e °P le to-day cannot take to the
hillsides because they have no arms and the
standing garrison is too powerful. There is
plenty of space in South Africa and I can
tell you -that the new generation ln Ireland
possesses the spirit of rebellion, and the ex
ample set by the Boers has made them ready
for the fray. ; « .»
Good men tell us that the only hope for Ire
land is the burning of London. I am not tak
ing that Job because It Is too big a one. but
if there is any man who thinks .he can go
over and do In London what. Kitchener is do
ing in the Transvaal I will not try to stop
him. • ¦¦• ¦ .
I believe that, there Is still hope for Ireland
because I know that" the French Government
naa during the past five months stowed away
morecoal than Jt has used for four years. If
the French axe storing up coal in that fashion
one would naturally believe that they are go
ing to make • It hot for somebody.
'. BERLIN. -March 11.— A non-commis
sioned officer named Oliver, who recently
committed suicide it Gumblnnen, left a
letter confessing that he was the mur
derer of Cavalry Ciptaln von Kronalgk,
who was killed -at Gumbinnen last Janu
ary by. a. shot through a window while
he v was drilling his men in a riding school.
Bank has been cleared. Mrs. Johnson 're
turned to-night from Chicago, where she
says her husband is ill at the home of his
brother-in-law. The officers of the banK
are satisfied that her story Is true. Thcv
say that a search of the bank's book3
shows that not-a dollar Is missing.
DETROIT, March 10.— A special to the
Tribune from Nlle3 says: Just before the
First National Bank closed on Friday
$100,000 arrived by express from Chicago.
Express Agent Chambers waa ln"~ihe
bank, having. just delivered the money,
when the doors were ordered closed.
leaves Confession of Murder.
Mrs. Charles A. Johnson Says Her
Lately Missing Husband Is 111
in Cnicago.
NILES, Mich... March lO.-The mystery
surrounding the disappearance of Cashier
Charles" Ai Johnson of the First National
MYSTERY OF CASHIER'S
. DISAPPEARANCE SOLVED
pold. regent of Bavaria, who will com
plete his eightieth year March 12. Emperor
William has sent the following dispatch:
"It is with the most painful regret that
I am compelled to be absent from you
upon the day when you complete your
eightieth year, but I shall feel near you
in spirit, with feeling3 of deepest grati
tude. My eldest son must represent me,
I beg him to tell you with what heartfelt
pleasure X picture to myself this dajr
your'i mighty figure and how, with the
royal Bavarians, and, indeed, with all
Germany, I salute the princelv hero in
whom the goodness of God preserved to
us a distinguished comrade ln arms ot
William the Great, and of whom he will
lone preserve to us In his present won
derful vigor.'S, ¦ "
Prince Lultp'old, ln his reply, returned
"deep thanks, with deep regTets for the
terrible occurrence that causes your Maj
esty's absence."
Felicitates tha Ag>2d Regent Upon
Having Reached His Eight
ieth Year.
BERLIN. March 10.— To Prince. Lult-
KAISER'S CONGR-ATULATIONS ,
TO PRINCE LUITPOLD
Mob Stones Tax Collectors.
MADRID, March . 10.— During a riot
against the octroi lax last evening the
mob etoned the municipal employes eft >
gaged in collecting the tax and set fire
to ten sentry boxes. Four persons w«r^
injured, one- of them seriously. Order was
linally restored. ! ->™,
Carlists' Appearance Denied.
MADRID. March lO.-At the next coun
cil of the Ministry the dates of the disso
t£H, On m £ ar " al ««at .and the general ele.-.
tion will be fixed. In official circles It is
denied -that two bands of Carlistl havl
made their appearance in Catalonia,
XASHVILLE. 111.. March lO.-Walter
Offil, cashier of Edmund* Palmer's do
funct Ashley Bank, against whom two
warrants were issued last week charging
him with being an accessory to Palnwr
in the embezzlement of the bank funds
has been arrested. He waived examina
tion, and was placed under a $20,000 bond
to appear before the April term oUhe
Washington County Circuit Court ui -'*' le
Other warrants issued against Palmar
have caused State's Attorney • Verner fo
require the banker to file a bond of $100 -
000 by Wednesday morning or go to jail
Palmer Is now out on a $15,000 bond. '
m
Roh Bank of Cash and Bonds ''
ARGONIA, Kans., March 10.-The~ pri
vate bank of J. H. Springer was robbed
here last night by three men and $2600 In
cash and 54000 in registered Government
3 per cent bonds secured. About $140 in
gold and $£000 in bonds was left untouched
The robbers secured their tools from tU
Santa Fe section-house near by The
vault was entered through' the brick wad.
ana the safe was blown open with nitro-
Walter Offill Apprehended on Two
Warrants Connecting Him With
Ashley Bank Embezzlement.
BANKER PALMER'S CASHIER
AJRRESTED AS ACCESSOR, X"
. . System. > M "
TOLEDO, Ohio, March 10.— A rumor
reached this city to-day to the effect that
the Clover Leaf wou'.d soon pass into the
control of the Vanderbiits and it is given
considerable credit here on account of re
cent traffic arrangements which* were
made between the Clover Loaf and the
Michigan Central, a Vanderbllt road. The
plan is said to be to make ; the Clover
Leaf a part of the Michigan Central sys
tem, thus giving the Vanderbiits a Hno
from St. Louis to Lake Erie, Buffalo.
Boston' and New York. The Clover Leafs
Kastern terminal is here, and the De
troit division of the Michigan Central has
! r» ?u mln: i ls here als0 - President Norton
left this afternoon for New York, having
ten,? 3116 ' 1^ 0 ,*!™ 1 oity on
?ion «?th t T hlch l3 sald to be In connec
tion with the proposed sale.
Said to, Intend to Combine the Road
With Their Michigan Central .-
VANDEBBILTS RUMORED TO
ASPIRE TO CLO VEB LEAP
JCEXV YORK, March 10.— The bulldlirr
owned and occupied by the New York and
Hartford Railway for the pencral offices
of the eevcral departments en Will's ave
nue was damaged by fire earJy this cven
lne. The loss Is placed at $233,000. Thirty
clerks escaped with difficulty.
Damaged by Flame*
the notable events of the week was tha
wedding- of Miss Carrie Coombe, a Cin
cinnati heiress and only daughter of Eli
jah Cocmbe to Thomas Mellcreh of San
Francisco. The ceremony took place at
the home of the brlde> rar. nts on Mount
Auburn, the nuptial knot belnj? tied by the
Rev. Henry Melville Curtis of the Mount
Auburn Presbyterian Church, assisted by
the Rev. William H. James of Springdale,
Ohio. The gToom was attended by Dr.
Meyer cf San Francisco. The groom is
now secretary and controller" of the San
Francirco and North Pacific Railway of
San Francisco.
Secretary Kellsrsh of Thi I City Mar
ries Hiss Carrie Coombe at
Springfield, Ohio.
SPRINGFIELD. Ohio. March lO.-One of
SA1T FRANCISCAU WEDS
CINCINNATI HEIRESS
WASHINGTON. March 10.— Did Con
prers during the last session inadvertent
ly authorise th» construction of two bat
tleships and tvo armored cruisers? is a
question agitating officials of the N'avy
Department. Aft^r diroctinsr the prepa
ration of plans and specifications for these
vessels, the Secretary to submit a general
description of them to Congress at Its
meeting next December, the naval appro
priations law reads:
"And the Secretary of the Navy is here
by authorized to exercise his discretion
p.s to the Bheathin? and coppering of
T.aval vessels herein and heretofore
authorized to be built."
S**eretary Lnnp has referred the ques
tion to the board of construction, and
some of its members appear to consider it
one well worth obtaining a legal opinion
upon. No appropriation If made for ves
f^ls. tmt Jt is pointed out that there is no
prohibition imposed upon the awarding of
eontrarts. and the law Fpeciflcally states
that "for the purpose of further Increas
ing the naval establishment of the United
States in accordance with the latest Im
provements in the construction of ships
nnd the production of armor and arma
ment therefor, the Secretary is directed
to prepare plans and specifications/'
Secretary Long seems to be of the opin
ion that even lf the law does give him dis
cretion as to sheathing and coppering of
the "naval vessels- herein authorized,"
Congress did not contemplate permitting
him to award contracts. The board of
construction will probably strongly op
pose the sheathing of any additional
ships.
Prerogative Congress May Have In
advertently Conferred Upon .
Secretary Long.
POWEE TO AUTHORIZE • ' . '
BUILDING OF WARSHIPS
One of the Lantz brothers fell at tha
first volley. His brothers returned the
fire, and two of the, assailants Twere shot
Emach being probably fatally wound^'
The wounds of the others u aerioSs but
not dangerous. Other relatives have
taken the dispute, and the local
constables refuse to interfere. Further
bloodshed is expected. . uruwi
HALIFAX, N. S., March 10.-A familv
feud at Shubenacadle, forty mlfes ™om
here, culminated to-day in a bloody shooi
ing. affray. The participants were David
Emach and Melrose Ettlnger on one side
and three Lantz brothers on the other
The trouble started some time ago over
a disputed piece of land. The Lan'a
brothers attended service, this morning
a " d a . 8 they left.the church the- Ettinger*
£volver 3 . been ln Waltine> 0 Pened flre^Uh
Three Brothers on Either
Side Engagt in Mortal
Combat.
IRISH MAYOR
GRILLS ENGLAND
TWO FAMILIES
IN A VENDETTA
Express Robber Breaks Jail. «
SIOUX CITY. Iowa, March 10.— Jchn
Stpvall, under indictment for the Manila
(Iowa) express robbery.' who escaped from
the Denlson jail last night. Is still at lib*
erty.
Howard, who. while a member of Con
gress from this State, wrote a book en
titled "If Christ Came to Congress," has
filed a petition in bankruptcy. Liabil'tW
$10,571; assets. $796. " ~ '
Diaz "Will Preside Over Cabinet.
MEXICO CITY. Mex.. March W.-The
Official Gazette, published by the Govern ?
ment, announces that President Diaz will
return, here within a fortnight to preside
over the Cabinet session which opens
next month. The President la steadily
gaining ln health.
Religious "Writer Bankrupt.
BIRMINGHAM. Ala.. March 10.— M. W
BERLJX, March 10.— As a further illus
tration of the milder attitude recently as
sumed by the Imperial Government
toward Al3alce-Lorralne the Berliner
Tageblatt mentions a report that Empe
ror William Is planning to give Alsace-
Lorraine a representative In the Bundea
rath.
Alsace-Lorraine Favored.
PITTSBURG. March 10.— Fully 20X00
persons paid tribute to tho late State Sen
ator Magee to-day, by viewing his re
mains-as they lay In state at his late
home, . "The Maples." between the hours
of 1 and 6 p. m. The funeral will take
place on Tuesday afternoon.
Pay Tribute to Dead Senator.
WASHINGTON. March 10,-It appears
that the trouble at the naval observa
tory is not altogether of a personal na
ture. . It Involves th« old Question of
whether the observatory should be under
the superintendency - of a lino officer of
the navy or a professional astronomer
The latter view has been held by the as
tronomical profession at »arg© and also
by such secretaries as Secretary Tracy
and Secretary Long. | This is not founded
upon the finding of persona cuallfled la
the line of the navy or upon any dissat
isfaction with tho incumbent, but upon
the fact that the frequent changes of duty
to which naval officers are subject at
short Intervals prevents continuity of ad
ministration and also unon tho principle
that the appointment of superintendent*
ehmid be made from persons in or out of
the naval service without restriction to
any class, and that the observatory
should secure the most accomplished and
competent astronomer that can b© found
anywhere.
Fitness of Naval 0 facers or Profes
sional Astronomers for Super
intendence- Involved.
OBSERVATORY TBOUBLE
NOT PURELY PERSONAI.
SPRINGFIELD. Mo., March 10.-B. L.
Winchell. president; A. S. Dodge, general
traffic manager, and R. R. Hammond,
general superintendent of the Memphis
railroad Bystem, arrived here from Mem
phis after a trip over the system. Presi
dent Winchell. in speaking of the unifi
cation of the Memphis and San Francisco
railroads, said:
"There is. now a great deal of Interest
between the two roads, but no consolida
tion. There are some people who own
stock in both roads and naturally want
both to succeed. Each will feed the other"
but there will be no merging. .Both will
be operated separately.
, The people will soon sea it demonstrated
, that the roads have no interest in tearing
down any city. on their lines. The roads
can t prosper unless the countny they are
dependent on does. No city has anything
to fear, and if President Yoakum.of tl£
San trancisco 1 were here he wduld join
me in this statement. The roads* will not
try to divert business from its natural
course. -"•> • •¦'.- * . . » :
Consolidation Between It and
the San Francisco.
President Winchell Says There Is No
MEMPHIS RAILROAD HAS
NOT JOINED INTERESTS
The Camperdown • while on a voyage
from Cuba to New York grounded on
Cape Lookout shoals, oft the North Caro
lina coast, on March LS She was got off
two days afterward without assistance or
difficulty and ' apparently uninjured.' ¦'
When Captain Smith gave orders for the
steamer to proceed to her distlnation part
of the crew refused to obey, but offered
no violence. Tho British Consul was no
tified this , afternon that the men were
locked up in the Church-street station,
and it is probable that they will be taken
before a United States Commissioner to
morrow.
NEW 'YORK. March 10.— The x British
steamer Camperdown arrived this morn
ing from Cuban ports, sugar laden, with
twelve of her crew ln irons. Instead of
proceeding to her dock after leaving quar
antine she dropped anchor off the Statue
of Liberty.. and Captain Smith sent for
the police boat patrol. When the patrol
steamed up alongside of. the Camperdown
the police found the men In Irons charged
with mutiny. . Six of the prisoners were
firemen and six seamen. The patrol trans
ferred the prisoners to shore and they
were taken in patrol wagons to a police
station, where they arrived ln handcuffs.
Twelve of the Crew of thi
Steamsr Camperdown
Mutiny.
SEAMEN REACH
PORT IN IRONS
The Brussels correspondent of Le Matin
asserts that it is quite correct that the
Duke of Orleans has forbidden M. Buffet
to fight with M. Deroulede, but that M.
Buffet has decided with much regret to
disobey. The quarrel, however, is now
no longer political. •
BRUSSELS, March 10.— Mi Paul de Cas
sagnac, French Conservative Deputy n. and
editor of L'Autorito of Paris, arrived
here to-day with M. Paul -Buffet, brother
of M. Andre Buffet, and M. Ferdinand de
PARIS. March 10.— The Buffet-
Deroulede duel will probably be
fought with pistols. M. Buffet -la
suffering from an Injury to one of
his feet, the result of an accident.
It is announced that the four seconds 'if
the principals will leave for Italy :to-day.*
DIFFERENCES BETWEEN THESE PROMINENT MEMBERS OF THE FRENCH CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES ONE
\ OF WHOM DESIGNATED THE OTHER A ROYAL. LJAR IN A MESSAGE SENT FROM MADRID, WILL BE
SETTLED ON THE FIELD OF HONOR THIS WEEK.
— " • » ¦ ¦
The Jail of Moore County at Carthage
was broken Into yesterday by a mob of
fifty men who seized Martindale — confined
on a charge of assault— and hanged him to
a tree. The Jailer was forced to give up
the keys of the cell. Martlndalo was
hanged just outside the corporate limits.
lie was choked to death and from indica
tions about the scene it is supposed the
lynchers raised and lowered him many
times in order to extort a confession.
Martindale was said. to have attacked
Miss Brewer, a schoolteacher living near
Carthage. Mrs. Brewer informed her hus
band of the attack and he soon gathered
the mob. This Is the first time ln fifty
years that a white man has met. death
at the hands of a mob ln North Carolina.
CARTHAGE, N. C, March 10.— T. 3.
Jones, Dr. *M. E. Street,' David Andrews
and William Harding, among the most
prominent citzens of Eastern North Car
olina were arrested last night and lodged
in jail, charged with being responsible for
the horrible death of Silas Martlndale.
White Man Brutally Exe
cuted By a Mob in
North Carolina.
LYNCH CHOKE
VICTIM TO DEATH
NEW YORK. March 10. -Miss Mlnala
Crlttenden Scott, a handsome youns
woman who won laurels as a society bell*
before she gathered them on ths stage,
will make her debut as a vaudeville artist
next week. -S
Miss Scott's social connections are
strong. Her father, Henry Harrison Scott,
was first cousin to ex-President Benjamin
Harrison. She Is a first cousin of Rear
Admiral "Watson. Her brother married
Miss Olive Sampson, daughter ot Admiral
Sampson, last summer In this city. Miss
Scott's aunt. Mrs. ilonrce Salisbury, who
Is a leader In San Francisco society cir
cles, introduced Miss Scott to society In a
series of magnificent entertainments.
* rom the day of her Introduction to San
Francisco a society Miss Scott became a
leader in the social life of that city.
fahe had always had dramatic aspira
tions and in amateur theatricals quickly
gained a singular success. Urged by her
friends, she finally decided upon a theat
rical career, and signed as leading woman
in -T e h ******* c °mpany. After playing
£* n ? £,K? iz } ces £ and the Butterfly." she
?*£* h h I 1 ' Stockweirs company,
T^iiEF i J? a< U n|r wom an's role, Claire
Taupln. In "In Paradise."
nJfi 1 ? *lr? P'V*? ln " The Magistrate."
and in "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde." taking
the part of Acnes in the latter plav. Shi
a C^ ye , d r Mrs - "nrhbeck In "Home,"
Ha pi"' KendalI ' s Part ln "The
VIss Scott will be supporte?-by a com-
E3?} y £ f 8 1$ and T . th e Play she will present
will be "In Washington's Time." The
scenes are stirring and in Springfield and
\vorcester. where the piece was presented
the last two weeks, the melodrama
proved extremely popular. She in an in
timate friend of the Oelrichs and Crocker
families.
ftf^^f 001 *! 19 ** brune «e. vivacious and
of a magnetic temperament.
SpedaV Dispatch to The- Call.
Miss Minnie Scott Soon to
Appear in Specialty
Roles.
SOCIETY BELLE
IN VAUDEVILLE
Deroulede and Buffet Will Settle Their Differences
With Weapons Some Time This Week.
DUELISTS ARE PREPARING
TO FIGHT IN SWITZERLAND
CAPE TOWN, March 10.— The official
reports regarding the progress .of the bu
bonic plague in Cape Town since the out
break show a total of twenty-two deaths
and 102 cases.
The Malays gathered to-day to oppose
the removal of n Malay who had been at
tacked by the disease and of several per
sons who had come into contact with the
victim. The police were overpewered and
the persons who had ccrme into contact
with trie Malay made their, escape. Jn
the event of a repetition of this experi-
T.ce it will be necessary to -employ an
armed force, and trouble is expected.
Infected Malays Overpower the Po-
lice of Cape Town.
PLAGUE SUSPECTS ESCAPE.
A dispatch to the Dally Mail from Lou
tenzo Marques says that a Mr. Maxtini
zen. nho resigned a post in the United
States army to join the Boer forces, was
shipped for Lisbon Saturday on the trans
port Siare. which carried 103 Boer fam
ilies, "after he had made an Ineffectual
attempt to obtain cousular protection."
It is asserted that Mr. Kruger. through
Dr. Leyds, has Bent a long telegram to
Mr. Schalkburper. acting President of the
South African Republic, asking for details
regarding the negotiations.
"Now that General Dewet is back In his
country, It will be almost impossible to
operate asrainst him. Just so soon as he
Is pressed his commando dissolves, to
meet apain a few days later. Only a few
bands of Boers are now left in Cape Col
or,y."
No further news has been received con
cerning the negotiations between Lord
Kitchener and General Botha. The Dally
Express says, it hears that Lord Kitchener
declared the surrender must be uncon
ditional, while the question of the future
treatment of the Boers was referred to
London-
LONDON'. March H— The Times pub
lishes the following dispatch from Aasvo
gelkop, March 9:
"General Dewet has escaped northward
by a forced march with 400 men. His
objective is believed to be the*vicinlty of
Kroonstad. Four other Boer leaders are
pi ill in the southwestern part of Orango
Riv»r Colony.
Escapes by Forced March
With Four Hundred of
His Followers.
DEWET IS SAFE
FROM PURSUERS
Serious offense was taken more because
of the form of presenting the American
proposals and the Senate amendment than
because of their substance. The result
is at present a feeling of bitterness, which
shows no sign of abatement. An opinion
is frequently expressed here that it is not
yrt too late to adjust what is regarded
as a misunderstanding if a committee
from the Cuban convention be invited to
Object to the Method Employed.
Optimistic official reports concerning the
readiness of the Cuban convention to
yield find no confirmation here in state
ments written by members of the Inde
pendence party In a bitter tone and de
claring that the J»latt amendment -was
passed by the American Congress because
Congress was misled regarding the actual
Fituation. The real truth is that an un
fortunate mistake was made by American
Interference ¦with the processes of the con
vention before the work was completed.
There was almost :i certainty that the
Cuban committee on relations would
have adopted the proposals then under
discussion granting coaling stations, lim
iting the military occupation and Ameri
can supervision of the island's foreign re
lations.
HAVANA. March 10.— Heports continue
to arrive here from all parts of the island
of demonstrations of approval In regard
to the position taken by the Cuban Con
stitutional Convention. Many telegrams
have been received urginp the convention
not to recede. Members declare that they
cannot accept the Senate amendment. A
committee probably will meet to-morrow
afternoon to draft a reply to the Amer
ican proposal. The reply will then be sub
mitted to the convention for discussion. .
Feeling Against Senate Amendment Runs
High Throughout the Island.
Ppeeial Cable to The Call and New York Herald. Copyright, 1301. by the Herald Publishing
Com pany.
Washington for a frank and cordial dls
cufsion wHh President McKinley and
Secretary Root, or if a properly selected
committee be sent to Havana for confer
ence with the convention: 'but if the
tense situation ba prolonged or increased,
come loea! trouble on the part of the un
ruly ar.d disorderly clement may* be ex
pected. -,,'.-¦
The Radical element has not given up
hope that, the United States will recede
from Its position regarding the 51att
amendment. The Radical press Is doing
everything in Its power to~keep this view
before the public. It attributes the action
of the United States Congress to the In
fluence of the trusts, declaring that the
American people "are in favor of giving
Cuba absolute Independence and of rebuk
ing the action of the administration."
Articles from American papers which
seem to sustain the attitude of the con
vention are given wide publicity.
Adverts to Imperialism.
Senor Ganlberto Gomez says In La Pa
trla: "Let us maintain our eneriretic reso
lution to be free, but let us avoid furnish
ing the slightest pretext for the unhealthy
imperialism which is corrupting the blood
of a generous people and Influencing them
to tra-n:ile upon our rights. Let us -still
have faith in the justice of .our cause and
in the honor of the country which pro
duced "Washington, Jefferson and Lin
coln."
At street corners at various public
places placards have been posted which
read thus:
To the P*opl» of the United States— Do not
make any promises that you are not sure to
keep, and never po back on the word you
have siren. GEORGE "WASHINGTON.
This is recommended to the considera
tion of "all worthy compatriots of. the
great American."
CUBAN DELEGATES SAY
THEY WILL NOT RECEDE
terian Church of Los Angeles.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, March 10.
Rev. Robert P. Coyle, for nine years
pastor of the FlrBt Presbyterian, Church
of this city, Is coming back to this coast.
It was given out at the First Presbyterian
Church to-day that the former pastor of
that church had accepted a call from, the
First Presbyterian Church of Los Ange
les and. that he would leave his Denver
home very shortly for the Southern Cali
fornia cits*.
Dr. Coyle left Oakland last fall and bj
hlnd this Los Angeles call there Is a little
story that Involves his old church In Oak
land. After Dr. Coyle had left Oakland
for Denver ha began to regret his change.
He liked Oakland and was liked by his
church and his determination to leave was
caused by his feeling that he might do
better in a new field of work. He decided
flatly that he would go to Denver and
that he would listen to no inducements
from his Oakland church and said so very
decidedly. He gave them several months'
notice, but the Oakland congregation did
not secure a new pastor until very recent
ly, when Rev. E. E. Baker of Cleveland
accepted a call.
The Oakland church waited a long while
before extending any call at all, and th*
attendance began to seriously suffer from
the lack of a regular pastor. In this Inter
val Dr. Coyle discovered that Denver did
not agree with him and at the same time
there was renewed in his old congregation
a desire to have him return.
But before this Idea got abroad Rev. E.
E. Baker of Cleveland appeared upon the
Bcene and the church decided to extend a
call to him. Some of the adherents of
. Dr. Coyle started a movement to recall
Dr. Coyle and when It came to the meet
ing at which a call was to bo extended
they mustered some 20 votes out of a totnl
"of 130 for Dr. Coyle. Some were not sure
that Dr. Coyle would come back and final
ly the call to Dr. Baker was made unani
mous, but not until a strong vote had
been cast for the old pastor.
Now Dr. Coyle will return to the coast
and will resume his former prominent po
sition in the church affairs of the State.
Accepts a Call to the First Presby-
DB. COYLE TO . COME BACK.
Special Dispatch to Tne Call.
DENVER, March 10.— Because the pipe
organ was not placed where he wanted It;
because the acoustic properties of the
church did not suit him; because the
members of the congregation would not
come to evening services, and because the
people were scattered over such a wide
area as to make it impossible to visit all
of them without great difficulty, the Rev.
R. P. Coyle, pastor of the Central Pres
byterian Church, to-day offered his resig
nation, to take effect June 1. These were
the reasons he gave when he read his
resignation at the close of his sermon this
morning.
The resignation will be accepted. The
congregation is very angry at his sudden
action.
Dr. Coyle was brought to Denver five
months ago from the First Presbyterian
Church of Oakland, California, where he
had been for several years. The members
of the congregation regard his reasons for
resigning as trivial. What is regarded as
the real cause was not known until late
to-night, when It wag learned that several
days ago he had telegraphed his accept
ance of a call to the First Presbyterian
Church of Los Angeles. California, to be
gin his pastorate on June 1, the date fixed
in his resignation.
Dr. Coyle Resigns From a
Denver Presbyterian
Church.
CALL HEADQUARTERS. 1406 G
STREET. N. W.. WASHINGTON. March
; 10.— Senator Hanna, chairman" of the Rj-
I publican National Committee, who is an
Intimate personal and political friend of
President McKinley. was asked to-day for
his opinion of the revival of the jrossl'j
that the President wa* planning to be re
nominated for a third term.
"Oh. stuff and nonsense!" exclaimed the
Senator. "I will say that nothing is far
ther from the President's 'thoughts. I do
not believe that the idea has ever enters!
his head. What he wants to do is tr> suc
cessfully round out his second term. Thy
President is a very good politician and
he is not soing to make the mistake of
putting himself up as a candidate. I Co
not think any of his friends are dreaming
'for a moment that he would be a candi
date for" a third term. I would give my
own opinion more fully, only I do not
want to appear to out myself In the po
sition of saying whether any man should
or should not be nominated In 1904. '
PASTOR AT OUTS
WITH HIS FLOCK
"Stuff and Nonsense!" Declares Hanna Re
garding Gossip Going the Rounds.
»
Special Dispatch to The Call.
McKINLEY NOT SEEKING
THIRD TERM IN OFFICE
Js the candidate in s. ; chtr*
He may be in sight, but he has rot r^t
been designated by the finger of destiny
if k jj* ? &y . wl i? wm or w "° will not be
candidate for President in ism when wd
r™£/ Ot tO so through three sessions of
Congress, one Congressional election an I
Innumerable State elections, which mi *ht
make or unmake a doxan-candidates TJ'J>
issues, too. are all yet to be made • *
A number of Senators— I don't* mean
mysflf-I am out of it, but I s*e they rre
talking about Senator Fairbanks slr.ato?
?.S3 erWs &. Senator Soooner and sISltor
Lodge. The candidate might bo on« of
l^f eentlemen, but it must not be lose
sight of that the Senate has never bVna
chicks? "ncubator for Presidential
vf«L w y i .v a3r ' for "Preslflent McKinlev. In
trRHon Vh e Brea . t 8 « cc e ss of Ms adminis •
i.««Jl? ' the -. un rivaled prosperity of the
S2"" try , and the confidence people have,
?hhS ? tI n J? lm ' that lf an >' one TOuld get a
th S t. e^? > he ,. could - But there l9 n»
third-term feeling: at the White House."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 11, ? 1901.
» .
that no Insult had been offered Deroulede
and ventured to suggest that the trouble
be considered at an end. ¦ The suggestion
was immediately telegraphed to Deroulede
in Madrid with the result that his anger
was aroused and he demanded that satis
faction be given him. In his reply to Buf
fet he asserted that that gentleman had
first thrown down the gauntlet and It was
too late to hope for reconcilatlon. "You
ar .?u a T^X a l Har". were the vigorous words
with which Deroulede concluded his mes
sage. A couple of days ago Deroulede
was declared disqualified by the French
Chamber of Deputies. . .
The latest reports about the proposed
duel, which has been rendered Inevitable
by Deroulede's insulting reply, are to the
effect that it will take place before the
end of the week. The locality in Switzer
land where the interesting combat is to
occur has not been made public. ?
2
> I To ' Prevent the ; Grip ....
Laxative Bromo-Qulnine removes the cause. ¦
If You Have ' Rheumatism
Send no money, but writeDr.Shoop;naciae,Wisr,'
box 137,for six battles of Dr. Hhoop'a -Rheumatic
Cuve.exp.rald. If cured payJS.SO.; If not.it is free*
To Cure a Cold in One Day.
T*k* "Laxr-Uve Bromo Q-jinir.* Tablet*. AU
CiurFi^ts refund the~moo*jr Ir-lt -fatis to rut« •
E. \V. Crove'i tlpnaiure U on each box. Tic •
ADVERTISEMENTS. \
The Orily Way to Get a Com-
. . plete Cure foi*
Catarrh, Deafness,
IS TO TOEAT IT ANTISEPTICLT
The only way to dojhls is with tbe Cottini-
ham NEW ANTISEPTIC METHOD. Invented
ar.d patented by .
•.Expert on EAR. NOSE. THROAT and LUNG ",
DISEASES. . , £
204 Sutter St., N VV. Cci*. of K'earny
FKKE— Absolutely frea Examination and on*
week's treatment Klv«n to convince you of th*'
superior merit or this new treatment. 300O tun
cases. 35 p#r cent cured. Try it FREE and bV
convinced while you can. Call at one* or wri'-
•j: do you -:
I WANT TO IMPROVE YOUR *
I UBRARY? ::
'• Call at The Call office and A
J I examine Cram's Atlas of ¦ the • * *
V,-",World,'190i edition. By sub- ?
X : scribing for The Dally Call for . j
• • six months you can secure a * '.
V copy of -this excellent work of . - •
4v . reference " for . $1.50,, or about : j I
j * -one-flf th the actual gubscrip- ; • •
../^tion price.- The premium is *I
31 -.only, offered to readers of The ",-•
ju ; Call. . It will be to your inter- X
y.7est to subscribe for The Call at f
Ip- : once. :¦.;-." ~* •.'•" - v - ¦• V.";T-
Q.HA I .. I .. H .^ H . I .. I .. I ,. I ,, I ,, I ,, IllI , i; , i , I ,, : , I , 4 . t
. ¦ . Manchesters' Reach' Tanderage.
DUBLIN. March ; lO.—The " Duke 'and
Duchess of Manchester arrived to-day at
.Tanderage Castle. 'LOS ANGELES, March 10.— Bishop
Montgomery addressed a large audience
to-night at a meeting held by the Social
Democrats, his subject being "Society and
Religion." He declared that the churches
are in sympathy with the workingmen;
that his church Is made up principally of
working classes and therefore is naturallv
in sympathy with the laboring classes and
their best Interests.
The ministry, he said, is largely made
up of men from the laboring classes, for
somehow the sons of the rich do not tako
kindly to the ministry. The one consola
tion is that money cannot buy and monop
olize brains and manhood. Religion is in
tended to promote all that Is best in the
true brotherhood of men. Society came
from God: hence religion, if it come*
as it should from God. must embrace all
men. He continued:
Denunciation of Trusts.
Ju«t now the question of trusts Is over
phadowlngr every other. I can give you my
opinion on this quection. which, however. Is
subject to ccrrcct'.on If I am wrong. I believe
that trusts arc bad and are a curse. There are
men to-day studying the trust question as
never before. The people are bonr.d to govern
through a few. There are but thre<? forces In
nature, the' moral. Intellectual and physical.
Of these the world always selects two to gov
ern, the physical and moral. The Intellectual
never has and never will govern the world.
LOSES TRESSES
WHILE SLEEPING
His Grace cited the case of the election
where fifteen representative men were
chosen as a board to settle the election
question, but when It came to a vote they
decided according to their politics, re
gardless of statesmanship, yet they were
aJl intellectual giants. The moral force,
he said, can only come by the training
of the heart through religion. There are
millions of men outside the church acting
upon religious principles: therefore the
religious force In men Is doing good out
side of its own membership and Its in
fluenco is known only to God.
The Bishop did not believe in a puritan
ical Sabbath, but in a day of rest. With
out religion there would never have been
a day of rest. He cited the differences
between civil law and God's law in that
the former punished the crime after com
mitted, while the latter prohibited tho
commission of crime by cleansing the
heart, and made it a crime to indulge In
thoughts of crime. The relation of reli
gion to society is to carry out that which
is honest. Just. pure. He hoped the tlm»
would come when all International differ
ences would be settled by arbitration
rather than by bloodshed.
Poverty and Devotion.
The Biahop. In replying to the follow
ing question, ""Would a general increase
In individual wealth and education tend
toward growth and a more general ac
ceptance of the Christian religion, or does
religion and the spirit of devotion tako
deeper root in the soil of poverty and'lg
norance?'* said that It depended entirely
on the kind of education given. Unless
It was Christian education It would not.
but rather tended to Its decrease. The
increase of wealth did not ceces3arily
tend toward growth of Christianity. If.
in the new system of society a system of
education were adopted In which re
ligious training: Is divorced from secular
training, it would tend to the discredit of
Christianity. While religon and the spirit
of devotion do not take deeper root In Ig
norance and poverty, nevertheless Gotl
has given a natural reason to all men
which may be made to accept the truths
of tho Christian faith without much secu
lar knowledge. Poverty Is no bar of it
self to the spirit of devotion.
TRUSTS ARE DENOUNCED
BY BISHOP MONTGOMERY
Prominent Clergyman Addresses Gathering
of Social Democrats in Los Angeles.
?
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Waterman," "Stanly," "Marshall" and
"Falcon"- fountain pens are the best In
the world for the money. Sanborn. Vail &
Co., Stationery Department, selling agents
for San Francisco. • -
ROBBERS WRECK SAFE
AND BUXLDING'S FRONT
Blasts Fired in a Phoenix Store, but
the Marauders Fall to Find
Money.*
PHOENIX. Ariz.. March 10.-Robber«:
blew open the safe In Walter Hill & Co.'s
wholesale fruithouse h»re early this morn
ing. They fired two blasts and although
the cafe was torn beyond repair the
thieves failed to get through the inner
doors. The second explosion wrecked the
front part of the building. . ;• -
Dude Burglar Held for Trial.
LOS ANGELES, March 10.-C. Donald
Lowrle, the dude ; burglar, who operated
so feuccessfully in the southwestern part
of the city during the latter part of Janu
ary and first of February, was examined
on two charges to-day and held to an
swer In $2000 bonds on each. In default of
bond Lowrio was committed to JaiL He
probably will plead guilty when -brought
to trial. . . .
SEATTLE WANTS MORE
INSURANCE COMPETITION
Law Proposed to Operate Against
San Francisco.
an Alleged Combination, in
SEATTLE, March 10.— Th« Senate com
mittee having in charge an insurance bill
has raised an amendment which is aimed
to give foreign companies the right to do
business in this State. It is claimed that
there Is a combination* of six bier com
panies in Ban Francisco which practically
control marine Insurance from Seattle.
The new law Is Intended to open up com
petition, it Is claimed, so that the San
Francisco combine will not have the pow
er to exact exorbitant rates. Seattle
business men are pushing the measure
with great energy. ~ >' ..
AGED "FORTY-NINER"
DIES IN WASHINGTON
Daniel V. Stevens, Who Came to
California In Early Days, Passes
Away in Seattle.
SEATTLE. March lO.-Danlel V. Ste
vens, who was one cf the original Califor
nia "forty-niners," died in this city to-day
of paralysis. He was 79 years old and up
to several weeks ago was remarkably act
ive. His right arm was broken through
an accidental fall. The bones knitted, bu:
a few days ago Mr. Stevens fell ;. again,
and the old break let no. Paralysis of one
entire side followed. From that time until
his death to-day he sank rapidly.
SEATTLE, March 10.— Schlatter, the so
called "divine healer," was arrested to-day
under orders from Chief of Police Mere
dith. Schlatter was advertised to- hold
public meetings afternoon and night, and
his arrest was, it is asserted, made in
order to prevent the gathering.
At the time of his arrest ho had more
than $700 on his person. On being .ques
tioned as to his source of income he de
clared that this money belonged to others,
and that he relied only on email gifts of
money to defray his living expenses. Ho
declared that the Lord directed all his
movements, and that nothing occurred In
his life without an intimation first coming
to him In a supernatural manner. When
asked whether Mb arrest had been super
naturally indicated to him he replied that
since ¦ he was illegally arrested he sup
posed that fact would account for his fail
ure to receive divine warning.
It is Chief Meredith's Intention to have
Schlatter brought before the municipal
court as a faker, under tbe vagrancy law.
When asked for an explanation of tho ar
rest. Chief Meredith said:
"The arrest of this faker and confidence
man, Charles McLean, alias Schlatter,
who is duping people under the cloak of
being a religious doctor. Is the beginning
of war In this city on quack doctors.
These persons are not only bunkoing peo
ple out of their money,' but robbing them
of health as well. The amount of dam
age done by theso quacks Is Incalculable.
If Is the poor people that they prey upon.
I am not going to allow all the quack doc
tors who have been driven out of other
cities to come here, and those who are
here had better seek other fields."
Schlatter yesterday on seeing that he
could not persuade his listeners that he
should not be Illegally arrested, assumed
the air of a martyr, and declared that
whatever was the will of the Lord would
be done. Schlatter was followed to Jail
by crowds as soon as his arrest became
known, and women offered to put up ball
for him.
SchlatUr Arrested by Order
of the Chief of Police
of^Stattle.
PRISON CELL
FOR A "HEALER"
CHILD LOSES LIFE
WHILE IN A SWING
Lordsburg Girl Becomes Entangled In
a Eopa and Is Found Dead by
a Relative.
SAN BERNARDINO, March 10.— At
Lordsburgr. a email tcwn twenty miles
vest of here, a peculiar and fatal acci
dent occurred yesterday, the victim beinj?
Nellie Meyers, the 8-ycar-old daughter of
C. C. Meyers, a well-known business man.
The child was plavlnp In a swing alone
on the front porch of her Darenta' home
when, in some unknown manner, she be
came entangled In I he rope and when
discovered was dead; Her face was hang-
Ing downward and her feet barely
touched the floor. The child's invalid
aur.t Jumped from her bed and, cutting
the rope, carried the baby Into the house.
All efforts to resuscitate the child were
futile. It Is feared the mother will loso
her mind, eo creat is hei grief.
BABEEEPEB, CRUSHED
TO DEATH BY A TEAIN
Los Angeles Man Attempts to Jump
on a Car and Loses His
Footing.
LOS ANGELES. March 10.— Frank Ba~
ton 1 , a young barkeeper recently from Car
son City, was ground to pieces by the
incoming overland train on Alameda
street this afternoon. He was standing
with a friend watching the oncomin«
cars. "I'll show you how to get on and
off a car," he said, and made a grab for
the stanchion of a car. He missed it and
was whirled C*ider the train. A great dust
arose, ¦which prevented any one from see
ing the tragedy, but when the train had
passed Barton was found with broken
arms and legs. '
BICYCLE RACE BUDS
IN A GENERAL FI<?HT
Contestants en the Fresno Track
Engage in a Quarrel After a
Ten-Mile Bun.
FRESNO, March 10.— Gus Lawson of
Buffalo and John Lake of New York rode
to-day In a ten-mile motor-paced bicycle
race on the Fresno velodrome. Lake's
motorcycle broke in the Becond mile and
Lawson continued to rldo In violation of
the rules and finished in 18:42. At the fin
ish several of the riders got Into a quar
rel over the race, which resulted in a free
for-all flgnt.
STANFORD DEBATING TEAMS.
Six Men Who "Will Talk Against
California and Nebraska.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. March 10.-
Eight men were chosen last night to rep
resent Stanford In the intercollegiate de
bates with the Universities of California
and Nebraska. Six of these will be team
members and two alternates.
The three on whom falls the responsi
bility of 'facing Berkeley are Cecil M.
Marrack, W. A. Morris and W. C. Mor
row; alternate, E. W. Rice.
To make the trip to Lincoln In May the
following were chosen: J. F. English. E.
H. William and A. W. Merritt; altercate.
II. C. Jones.
Probate of Whits's Will.
LOS ANGELES. March 10.— The will of
the late Stephen M. White was admitted
to probate this morning. Hortense White,
widow, was named as executrix without
bonds. The petition shows that the de
ceased had an estate valued at J11S.000,
consisting of real estate valued at $65,000
and personal property of the value of
JS3.000. The latter includes $42,000 of life
Insurance. The will was made on Feb
ruary 17. four days before Senator
White's death, and bequeaths the entire
estate to his widow, after recognizing his
children. QGSteSSBUEiu
"Smasher" at Fort Wayne.
FORT WAYNE. Ind.. March 10.— The sa
loon of William Brubaker Churbusco was
smashed by Mrs. Charles Zollman to
night. Mrs. Zollman' a father, who lives
with her. went home drunk last night and
this evening armed with -a basketful of
stones sbe raided the place and smashed
everything breakable.
• • •
orphans of the engineers who lo?t their
lives in the disastrous wreck of the Rio
de Janeiro. The performance will be given
under the auspices of the Marine En
gineers' Beneficial Association No. 33.
Tickets $1.
¦ "Around tho World In Eighty Days."
the clever spectacular performance, will
continue to l>e the bill at the Grand
Opera-house for yet another week, and
will then give place to the Sembrlch
Opera Company In "The Barber of Se
ville." This will be the great prima don
na's first appearance in San Francisco,
and an interest second only to that taken
In tho Grau company has been aroused in
musical circles. Among Mme. Sembrlch's
supporting company are Slgnors Ben
saude. De Lara, Rossi. Dado. Galazzi.
Vannl, Dnublgne and Mme. Mattfield. The
first week's repertoire will be: Monday
evening. "The Barber of Seville": Wednes
day evening,- "La Traviata"J Saturday
evening, "Faust." ; . • \ '
Papinta. the famous "myriad dancer."
Is the chief attraction at the Orpheum
this week. The new headliners are the
Bunth and Ru<id company. Mr. and Mrs.
Frank Murphy. Beatrice. Moreland and
company and Les Trols Freres Macagno,
direct from Paris.
Fischer's Concert House has the favor
ite Tyrolean troupe, tho Fiechtis, Egry.
Irene Kober, George Fisters. Trlxeda, the
Leons, Chester and Matt Keefe on the
week's list 6f entertainers.
Carroll, Querita Vincent. Mabel Hudson
and Birdie Brlghtllng aro the Olympla's
attractions for the week.
To-morrow afternoon at Sherman &
Clay Hall the first recital of the great
pianist Mme. Teresa Carreno will be
given. Mme. Carreno comes from a bril
liantly successful tour in Mexico.
The Chutes announces another strong
bill. The new faces are the Oriskany
brothers, equilibrists; . George Austin
Moore, barytone; Roscoe and Sims, com
edy musical artists, and All Zada, the
great Oriental necromancer. The hold
overs are Jack Symonde, monologlst; Kel
cey sisters, dancers, and new moving pict
ures.
MME. SEMBRICH. THE FAMOUS SOPRANO, WHO IS TO APPEAR AT
THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE S'EXT WEEK IX LEADING ROLES OF
MANY FAVORITE GRAND OPERAS.
Piece Packs California===Orpheum Presents Splendid
1 Bill With Papinta and Others.
IT was "standing room only" last
night at the California Theater long
before the 8 o'clock mark, with the
latest farce comedy success "The
Telephone Girl" as the programme.
All of those who - have ever called up
"Central" and spent hot and hapless mo
ments trying to "make her understand,"
seemed to be there, or trying to obtain a
glimpse of the modern oracle in her lair.
"The Telephone Girl" is worth seeing and
hearing. Not since the Dunne and Ryley
engagement last season has such clever
work of the musical farce comedy kind
been done here. The book, by Hugh Mor
ton, is distinctly bright and original, the
songs, by Gustave Kerker, will be In ac
tive circulation 5 within the week— more
especially "My Estello"— and the settings
and costumes leave nothing to be desired.
There are any number of pretty girls In
the chorus, and out of it. Mabel Hite Is
a fetching soubrette, and as Estelle Coo
coo won much applause. Flora Parker is
another pretty "hello girl." Louise Lewis
is an altogether charming Samanthy,
Margie Ford does a good tough girl,
"Toots," and Jeanne Bernard is well seen
as Beauty Fairfax.
Harry Hermsen as Hans Nix does a
simply, irresistible Deutpcher — one cf the
best hits of comic Dutch character' work
that has ever been seen here. Frank Kel
ly, a former California boy. does well as
Dick Marvel and develo~s the only voice
In the crowd. John J. Magee as Saunders.
an Irish butler, Edward 'Lehay and
Charles Bu.rows all do good work, and
¦\Vinfield Douglas as Snurrtes dljp^ays an
eloquent foot and a voice fearful and
wonderful in its quality.
"The Telephone Girl" will go.
• • •
Seekers of melodrama will find all they
desire In the p'.ay "Under Sealed Orders,"
which was produced yesterday at the Al
hambta, beginning a week's run. The cen
tral figure, a French hypnotist, is basod
upon Du Maurier's famous creation, and
a crime committed under telepathic sug
gestion forms the principal th<»me of the
play. While the majority of the charac
ters are exaggerated, they are permissi
ble in melodrama, and the actors give the
various roles heightened coloring. "Under
Scaled Orders" caught the fancy of a
crowded hou.«e. and cheers were accorded
the hero and his sweetheart. whUe the
villains were cordially hooted and hissed.
The company is a good one and should
succeed in filling the theater during the
week.
• • •
The Columbia Theater has a big double
attraction this week In De Koven and
Smith's new comic opera. "The Highway
man" and La Loie Fuller in her latest
dances. The good opera company from the
Broadway Theater. New York, will pre
sent "The Highwayman." which, accord
ing to account, has scored a big success
among the playgoers of Gotham. The
cast contains the following well-known
names:
Edmund Stanley. Miss Fntmah Dlard, Stan
ley H. Forde, Miss Helen Itatnsley. W. . H.
Thompson. H. W. TreD^nlck. Mi-n Addle
Pharpe. Charles Cantor, Arthur OunnlnRham,
John Reade. Miss Bonnie May. Miss Cather
ine Campbell, Miss Helen Carr. H. L. Court
ney. Oeorpe Lyons, F. Flelschman. W. II.
Gerard, Ml«« Katharine • Tanner, Miss Eda
Joyce. Mlsii Llbbie Shears. Miss Nellie Parks,
Miss Lulu Cosgrove, Victor de Gal and R. A.
Breese.
• • •
The Alcazar company will put on yet
another of the Daly comedies this week,
"The Last Word." and an especially at
tractive performance Is promised.
* • •
"The .Wizard of the N'fle" Is in its fourth
and last week at the Tivoli Opera-house,
and as yet shows no .signs of an abated
popularity. The songs "Starlight," "What
Is Love?" and * The Matin Serenade" are
nightly encored, and the topical songs,
with their up-to-the-minute interest, are
much enjoyed. "The Wedding Day" will
follow.
CHINESE TONGS
OUT FOR BLOOD
• • • •
At the Central this week "Captain Im
pudence," a romantic military drama of
the Mexican war In '46. will be put on.
The management announces a benefit per
formance of the drama on Thursday even
ing for dependent mothers, widows and
Hop Sings Assault Officars
of Suey Dins and War
Is Declared.
The police are preparing for what
threatens to be a serious highbinder war
between tho Suey Din Tong and the Hop
Sing Tong. The latest rupture between
the two factions grew out of an assault
that occurred early yesterday morning.
Both ate powerful organizations and pre
llmlnarie\ for a bloody conflict commenced
as soon as the challenge for battle was
accepted In the afternoon. The authori
ties are vigilant and are searching all sus
picious characters for weapons.
The leading members of the trade or
ganizations in Chinatown called at police
headquarters last night and urged that as
sistance be given them in their efforts to
prevent murder. .
The Suey Din Tong held a banquet In
the Woey Sen Low restaurant, at S08 Du
pont street. Saturday night. The party
dispersed about 2 o'clock -Sunday morning
and the president with a number of his
friends started for their homes. "When
they reached tho corner of Washington
street they were assaulted by members
of the Hop Sing Tong and badly beaten.
Police whistles were blown, but the as
sailants made their escape before the ar
rival of the officers.
Yesterday a meeting of the Suey Dins
was called and it was decided that blood
alone coulA wipe ou the Insult offered by
tho assault. Accordingly a challenge was
eent to the headquarters of the Hop Sing
Tong and was accepted within an hour.
A fever of excitement immediately spread
over Chinatown, especially when It be
came known that messages had been sent
to several dangerous highbinders of
Seattle and Fresno to come to this city
with all possible speed.
Last night the police were very alert,
but few members of either warrine fac
tion were, seen on the streets.
"TELEPHONE GIRL" REVEALS
CENTRAL IN HER FORTRESS
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 10.— By far the biggest
success of the week has been the passage
of the ratification of the China Basin
lease by the Senate, and the most inter
esting event of the coming week will be
the consideration of the bill by the As
sembly.
When the bill passed th» Senate/ oppo
sition to It was determined and bitter,
•Jid the- prospects of a fierce fight in the-
Assembly were good. Since then, how
ever, matters have taken a better course.
*nd there Is a probability that the tight
will not be so long nor so hard as at first
supposed. It will not be easy, however,
for the line-up against the bill contains
many whose po*:u<.n is not to be swaved
by argument or imiuc-nceu by reason.
They ere just against it. And there are
more who will be against it for. reasons
which obtained In at least one case in
the Senate.
Of all the votes cast for the bill there
was not one so true as that by Green
well of Ventura. He represents Ventura
and Santa Barbara, and the one measure
he ¦was interested in was a, bill appropri
ating (2B.WU to l>ui'.<i the remainder oi me
road frcm Santa Barbara to Bakersfleld.
For thirty-five years the people of the
pouth have been working lor the road,
#nd the time for the passage of the bill
feeroed propitious, it was passes! by the
Assembly without a dissenting voice, and
caaie to the Senate with every prospect of
coing through without trouble.
That was, until tbe opponents of the
Cblna Basin lease lound thai Grtenwell
wet. goirg to vote for the ratification bill.
Then th.y put the screws on him. He was
toid if he did not vote against the leas*
the gt-ng would line up soildiy against his
bill, which was an Assembly Mil Intro
duced by Merritt. and that efter its easy
passage in the Assembly it would surely
Le beaten in the Senate.
The effect of this would be to make
Oreeawell politically dead, for the road
bill v. as the only thing his eonstituitnt*
riemaaded. It was a hard position, but
Oreenwell was equal to it. he considered
The matter for several days and on the
oay when the vole was taken he came t.i
the supporters of the lease bill and said
tie was going to vote for it — and he did.
The majority for the lease was 'so large,
however, that the opposition lay down,
and Greenwell's road bill has followed the
lease bill through the Senate and by this
time is- probably viith the Governor.
Adjournment is still something of a
problem, although nearly everything
T-oints to next Saturday night. Smith of
Kern, chairman of the Senate Finance
Committee, deciares there is no reason
why the Legislature cannot adjourn on
Thursday, but the Assembly will never be
Able to get away so early as that. And
yesterdxv there was a. new- report about
It. It was said that there were, a num
ber of bills run through on Friday and
Eaturday v.hich the Governor will not
dare to sis::, dees not wish to veto, and
!«= anxious jo s=ee become laws. With only
r.ine days erf the session left, however, he
would be ccmpelle'l to sign them or they
would be killed. Th^ way out proposed is
Injurious and is nothing more than de
laying adjournment i:tit!I Tuesday. tl»e
3?th. which would give ten days for the
Mils to be in the Governor's hands before
the close cf the se?sion. and they would
then become laws by limitation and with
out th<? prominence of a signature. A day
or two will show how well founded is the
report.
BROWN TAKES THE BLAME.
charge of Peterson.
Says He Is Responsible for th.2 IWs-
CALL HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March U.— \V. A. Brown, clerk of
the Assembly Committee on Federal Ile
latior.s, came from San Francisco this
evening, and with him is Henry Ryan, the
man who is to get the place made vacant
by the di^charg^e of C. J. Peterson.
Brown talked freely of the clrcum-
Ftar.res surrounding the discharge of Pe
terson and the rmplormer.t of Ryan, and
declares that if there be any one to blame
It ts he. Brown Fays that from the start
he had charge of Knights campaign in
The Thirty-fourth District. He made the
Prospect That the Fight for Lease Ratification
Will Not Fail in Lower House.
Heavy Snow Near Tnickee. .
SACRAMENTO. March 10.—A heavy
snowstorm Is raging along the line of the
Central Pacific Railroad, from New Eng
land Mills east to Tru^kee. where five
inches of snow has fallen, accompanied
by a heavy wind. From Cisco to Summit
over a font of new snow is on the ground.
West of New England Mills it is raining
hard.
XAPA. March T>. —Dry north winds pre
vailed for several days until yesterday
evening, when rain fell heavily. Many
fruit trees were slightly Injured.
PETALfMA. March 10.—A heavy rain
fell here yesterday.
CALL. HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 10.— Only the unexpected
<"an prevent the adjournment sine die of
the Legislature next Saturday. The As
sembly Way* and Means Committee will
report hack to-morrow morning the Sen
ate concurrent resolution Tor adjournment
at that time, with the recommendation
that it be adopted. Its adoption will follow
as a matter of course' and the legislative
cloth will be cut accordingly during the
week.
End This West.
Little Doubt That the Session Will
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SACRA
MENTO. March 10.— O. A. Hale, Alfred
Holir.an and J. R. "Welch, well-known cit
izen? of San Jose, came hero to-night to
try to get .through the Legislature bills
yet to be Introduced, authorizing the
transfer of tlt'e of a portion cf the San
Jose State Normal School grounds from
the State to the city of San Jose. The
purpose is to secure a. site near the nor
mal school for the new library building
for which Carnegie has given San Jose
J50.000.
Chief of Police James A. Kldward and
F. Cavallaro of San Jose are also in Sac
ramento. A. M. Duncan, chairman of the
Board of Supervisors of MMMtocino
County, arrived here to-day. He is Inter
ested in the county government bill. CaD
tain A. H. Payson and ex-Governor Hud. I
came up from San Francisco to-night to
look after the China Basin lease bill In
the Assembly.
AJXTOTTRNMENT ON "SATURDAY
in Ssn Jose Transferred.
| Effort Being Made to Have Property
WANT LIBRARY GROUNDS.
fight and when It was all over he was
piven a place as clerk on Knight's com
mittee. He had all his friends in the fight,
he says, and among them was Henry
Ryan. He Intended to look out for Ryan,
but before he had a chance to broach the
subject to Knight. Knight had already
submitted Peterson's name for appoint
ment. Brown says he was willing to see
the appointment go through, but it was
understood that Peterson should hold but
I thirty days of the session. When it came
to an issue, however, ho says Peterson
would not give way.
"I talked to him." said Brown, "and I
told him I had to look out for Ryan. I
told him he ought to get out. and when
he would not do #o I told him I would
consider it no more than right if ho
stepped aside in favor of Ryan.. I said
I would do it. but I did not mean it se
riously. I would not step aside for any
one. and Knight knows it. but I wanted
I Peterson to understand that he was stand
i ing in the way, and I wanted t*> get him
I out of it. He would not listen to the
I proposition to pet out, so I told him he
| would be put out. Then I went to Knight
j and told him Peterson would not get out
1 and I as=ke<I him to put in a resolution dls
> charging him and putting Ryan in his
place. He put in the resolution Saturday
morning."
¦ Brown take* the blame upon himself.
; He pays Knirht has a right to change his
; appointee when he pleases, and in dis
; charging Peterson be was doing no more
| than he mu privileged to do, and the
; rh.mpo vas made, Erown says, upon his
• own request.
Special Dispatch to The Call*
ASSEMBLY WILL FAVOR
THE CHINA BASIN BILL
Report of Greig's Death Untrue.
LONDON, March 1L— There Is no foun
dation for the rumor of the death of M.
Eduard : GrelK. ;the Norwegian " composer.
The reports regarding the condition of his
health, however, are conflicting. \ y
GOLD IS LACKING
IN SAND THEY BOUGHT
Business Hen of Washington Town
Are Indignant Because of an
Alleged Swindle.
TACOMA. March 10.— Last July Colfax
business men raised $15,000 with which to
develop placer claims on Salmon River. In
Idaho. Some men had brought in bags
of dirt containing three cents and over
per pan, and claiming that richer dirt
would be found lower down. On these
representations stock sold freely and a
large hydraulic plant was put In, with
sawmill and pipeline, and the building of
a flume was well started. It then occurred
to some of the men that It would be well
to continue the ¦ prospecting. No color
could 'be found, and expert miners who
have since been called In say that the
sand Is valueless. Feeling runs so high
at Colfax that the matter is likely to be
taken into court. The victims claim th«
sand brought Into town was salted.
GUT TO SAN JOSE.
Andrew Carnegie to Endow a Library
ixi the Garden City.
SAN JOSE, March 10.— Andrew Carnegie
has endowed San Jose with $50,000 for the
erection of a model library building. This
la In answer to a request made by Mayor
Martin on November 16, 1S99. The condi
tions attached to * the gift are that the
City Council shall forever devote annually
$5000 for the maintenance of the institution
and supply a free site for the building.
Both conditions will be compiled with.
The library will be erected In the Normal
Square, facing Fourth and San Fernando
streets. : _¦" ' ¦
Carpenters Issue Ultimatum.
TOLEDO. Ohio. March 10.— The carpen
ters' unions of this city, with a member
ship of 1000, have: made a demand for
thirty cents an hour and an eight-hour
day. They announce that the new sched
ule must go into effect by May 1 or they
will strike.- _
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICO. March 10.— Hugh Turner, a
young farmer of Nord, In this county, was
killed last evening In a peculiar manner.
He had been driving a disc harrow near
Nord and failed to return to his farm
house. The men who were sent to look
for him found him lying across the tongue
of the harrow with his left leg under the
machine. Ho had evidently fallen and Just
as the sharp disc passed over the calf of
the leg his team stopped. The sharp wheel
had almost severed the leg and the heavy
machinery held the man until he bled to
death. Turner hau been dead for several
hours when he yas found and his body
presented evidence of the torture he suf
fered before death relieved him. The team
had not movd while the man was dying.
Patient Tiam Stands Whil*
a Young Farmer Dies
in Agony.
HORSES AWAIT
A DEAD DRIVER
THE SAN- FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1901.
Medical College Burned.
IOWA CITY, Iowa. March 10.— Fire this
morning destroyed the College of Medicine
and library buildings at the University of
Iowa. The loss is not less than £50.600.
Special Dispatch to Th» CalL
SACRAMENTO. March 10. — Senator
Charles M. Shortridge. George Byron and
three young men of Sacramento spent all
of last night and half of to-day in an open
boat In the overflowed region above- the
city without provisions and without she»
ter from th© drenching rain. They reaehel
Sacramento this afternoon in a state bor
dering on collapse from their exertions
and exposure.
Senator Shfortridge and his companions
set out on a groosa hunting expedition In
a sailboat. Their destination was Twin
Trees, but when they arrived at that
point they found it was many feet under
water. They attemoted to find land, bin
darkness came on and with it a storm.
The waves were running so high and the
wind blowing such a gale that they
dropped anchor and abandoned the sail
boat, trying to reach shore in the tender.
They rowed all nier.it In th« darkness
and when morning came no land was in
sight. Not until 1 o'clock in the afternoon
did they reach terra finna.
Shortridge and His Party
Lost in Open Boat Dur
ing a Stofm. 4
STATE SENATOR'S
NIGHT OF PERIL
PETALUMA. March 10.— Miss Lena
Scott, a prominent belle of Mendodno
County, whose home is not far from the
coast line, is mourning:" the loss of two
long braids from the golden tresses with
which nature bounteously endowed her.
The braids have not disappeared, but they
no longer form a part of Miss Scott's
abundant locks, and Just how they came
to be severed is~ a mystery of which the
residents for miles around are talking.
Last Friday Miss Scott left her housa
and walked to the beach to enjoy a swim.
When she returned she found ~that the
other members of the family were out.
Being somewhat wearied she decided to
rest, and lay on a lounge. She soon fell
asleep and did not awake for about an
hour. As she arose from the lounge she
noted that her hair felt iess burdensome,
and she was then startled to see two Ions
braids lying on the floor. On a table
near by was a - pair of scissors, in the
hinge of which were a few hairs. Some
person had severed the braids while the
girl was Bleeping.
The affair has been Investigated, but It
remains a complete mystery. The young
lady eays she was In no manner disturbed
during her slumber, and she cannot as
sign a reason why any person should de»
Blre to destroy the beauty of her tresses.
Unknown Miscreant Cuts
Two Braids From Men
docino Girl's Head.
3
ADVEHTISEMEirrS.
- -fl^V t
The first brewery of Jos.
Schlitz was a hut, but the jf^
beer that was brewed there g&g
was honest. That was fifty ||§
years ago. Today the mag- pj|
nificent Schlitz brewery ¦•Jr
forms a monument to that Bgi
honesty.
From the very beginning P»J/
the main object has been to kk|
attain absolute purity. In ibsi
Schlitz beer pure yeast was ffj/ 1
first introduced in America. h&St
In the Schlitz brewery are lEfta
all the inventions men have BjS
made for protecting beer PL
from impurities. Isp
Schlitz beer is even cooled S3**
in filtered air; then it is fil- P(
tcred, then sterilized. It is BW
* well aged to avoid the cause 130 ,
of biliousness. WA
Ask your physician about gg«|
Schlitz, the beer that made W&
Milwaukee famous. ni'l
These Main 447. Sherwood &5hrr- P^&!
wood, 212 Market St., Saa Francisco &££$
KaDTTAV'S HEADY RELIEF bu stood
' unrivaled before tLe public (or fcO yean as ft
J-tln Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
eurea ail Cold*, fcore Throats. Influenza. Dron-
cfcllU. Pneumonia, KneuruatJsm. Neuralgia.
Headache, Toothache and all pain. Internally
tor Malaria and alt Bowel Paina. All dru t jlsta.*
I Get our •samples 8
I ®rder *$uit>s~^ I
H When a man inquires about our $10 made- U
H to-order suits he asks: "Are trje goods all ||
H wool ? " As the price is so low it is natural m
H that he raises this questioa |1
H Our answer to such an inquiry is : Take |I
H a number of the samples and examine them m
m any way you wish ; then if satisfied give us Jp
H your order. The workmanship on the clothes H
II will be as good as the doth. \ If it isn't you p
U can have your money back. pj
H Furthermore, any time within a year you y
m cah bring the suit in and we will make the ||
i Could we offer this if the goods were not U
H all wool or the workmanship poor? With B
H such protection you run no risk in ordering. 1
|j So come in and get samples. If
E| Suits for out-of-town cusiomsrs satisfactorily made Ej
la " through our self-measuring system ; write for samples. |j
I bflWooPfrffr I
M 718 Market Street and R
H Cor. Powell & Eddy Sts. MMANUFACTURERS AND PRODUCERS.
j Y~) Y a special bulletin which has just been issued by
! |\ tne Manufacturers" and Producers' Association
*—' there is presented to the public a record of work
! done which clearly attests the value of the organiza-
I tion, not to members only but to the whole State.
j Nor is the bulletin confined to statements of whit
! has been achieved in the past. It announces, the nature
I of tasks now occupying the attention of the associa- 1
j tion and gives a programme for the immediate futurr.
Among the things accomplished are the distribution
j of printed matter on a large scale, the influencing of
j home patronage and State pride in manufactures and
! productions, overcoming in all possible ways discrim
j inations against home products in bids calling lor
I supplies for public institutions, and successfully over
i coming in many instances discrimination against our
i products" in eastbound freight rates. Furthermore, it
; is pointed out that it is largely due to the efforts of
j the association that there were expended iri this city
: by the War Department between $11,000,000 and $12,
000,000 in outfitting troops for the Philippines, and
: that there has been an increase of about $50,000 an
¦ iiually in the purchase of supplies in this city by the
Indian Bureau.
In that connection it is noted the association
! promptly met an attack upon California oak-tanned
leather and' secured a cancellation of orders for 75,000
pairs ot shoes of. Eastern leather infavor of Califor
; nia' manufacturers'.' It is added: : '".The association was
mainly instrumental in securing a treaty of commerce
between this country and Ecuador which will be of
great advantage to this State,' especially in the market
it affords for our lumber, preserved. and dried Hails
and wines. .The association has instituted similar
' 5>teps as. to Bolivia,, and has within a few days fur
i nished the State Department with important data on
; the subject."
That is a most' excellent showing for an organize
j tion which dates only fronrMarch. 1895. and it is grat
ifying to note that the energies employed for progress
and improvement arc not in. any way diminishing.
The association is now working for the adoption, of
. pure-food legislation, for the prevention of the import
I into this State of convict-made! goads and for. action
| on the part of the United States Government to pre
vent interference by Russian authorities with ¦Amcr
; ic.m fkhins craft in Okhotsk Sei.
! The bulletin closes with the announcement that the
J outlook for our manufacturing and producing indus-
Roger Q. Mills of Texas, who was once among the
notable statesmen of the day, has not v been sulking
out of a job since he left Congress but has been
exploiting the wealth of his State, and with such
success it is said he is now drawing from his invest
ments $15,000 a month, with bright prospects of an
increase. Evidently there are some tilings in the
United States that are better than a seat in Congress.
one of which Mr. Pillsbury is the most
conspicuous patron, to say nothing of the.
young women graduates^ should strive for
the snread of education with the same
zeal that this man has striven, taking
particularly into account their opportu
nities as compared with his own. the re
sult would be such an extension of learn
ing as the country has never before seen.
Kor, to begin with. Mr. Plllsbury had a
very slender equipment— only suah educa
tion ps the course of a school in a small
tewn afforded— and he has steadfastly set
his face toward the educating of others.
He Is a New Hampshire man, born in the
town of Sutton In July, 1&2S. At an age
when the average boy of to-day »s in high
school or college he was learning a trade
and serving as a clerk in* his brothers
store. .
From the start he seemed bent on trade.
H>> made a thorough investigation of the
West and Northwest Just after ths cen
tury had turned its llrst half, bufthe fev
er of the nomad was .not in his volns and.
a(t»r long searching, ho retiched a tiny
hamlet in Minnesota called St. Anthony,
now the city of Minneapolis. He made up
his mind that there was the place to set
tle down.
One day not long ago a gentleman sug
gested ' to Governor Pillabury that he
should pick out a different location for the
spltndtd public library building which he
has decided to give to the east side of
Minneapolis— a building now under way.
The friend's thought was that for so nn«
a building perhaps it would-be better to
locate it on a more fashionable street and
in a finer part of the town. Butthe reply
was that the site was excellent? It was
rvear one of the high schools of the cit>.
which was an advantage, and was handy
to street cars at a transfer point, but.
above all, it was In the part of the city
where lived a good many of the people
whom he had known when he first came
a time," said Mr. Pillsbury.
"when I asked these people for a few
favors and they granted them and were
always steadfast Jn their friendships; now
I want-to do something for them and,
where the older' ones have passed away,
for their. children... A good many of these
people 'ar«s , not living . in . the fashionable
quarters, 'so I am going to put this library
building where ItTwin be handy for them.
Practical Methods as Governor.
I do not know that I can In any way
better Illustrate tht character of this man
than by an incident in his life when he
was Governor of the State. . In 1873-74
grasshoppers devasted many portions of
the West. Mr. Plllsbury was elected Gov
ernor in 1S75. There were many reports
thSt the people were suffering because of
their loss of crops from ..the pest, so th e
Governor-elect, in the late '»"•¦«"»
man out to see how the farmers i were
coming on, that he might be preP™
»vhen the Legislature assembled and he
wal inaugurated, to make recommenda
tions. If necessary, for aid. The agent re
ported and colored his report against the
December, not yer convinced
that the people were not Buffering. Mr.
Piflsbury: started: out on- a personal trip
unknown to any one. He drove out in the
country .places - through biting w Intrj
w (a th/r, .calling upon the farmer? .from
farm Va farm. He found many*of them In
the most abject need, some -of them with
nothing but potatoes to eat He left money
where that would relieve immediate dis
tress and went home. In a few weeks he
started out In another direction on a simi
lar trip ' Meanwhile the Legislature as-
BC-mbled and sat Governorless-the Gov
ernor-elect did. ndt put in his appearance
on the day of inauguration.
•But when he did appear, soon afterward,
he had somethlngto tell them other than
the pretty platitudes .of such an. occasion
—he told them of the terrible present and
prospective suffering within their own
borders:. The facts- were published, the
Legislature appropriated money, people
contributed focd and clothing by the car
load and the Governor and his -wife per
{•cr.ally superintended its distribution.
Xhev fed and ' clothed . during that
wretched season <W0 settlers,' all of whom
were in dire noed.
It was while Mr.. Plllsbury was engaged
in business In 'the little town of St. An
thony, where .he was steadily prospering
as * hnrdware merchant, that he saw the
possibilities of the great water ' power in
the ''Mississippi River, "the . Falls of St.
Anthony.*- Finally, in connection' with his
nephew. Charles A. Pillsbury.. recently
declared.-* the flour milling plant was es
tablished which hns row become famous
i over the world. Tho beginnings were not
i,large.- but little bv little,- the
crew until -now the- company of. which
Mr.-PIHabury Is the president has a' daily
milllnc caca'city of 30.000 barrels, of. flour.
the precise language, he told the promoter
not only that he would not go Into the
deal from business reasons but that un
der no circumstances would he go into it
from the standpoint of sentiment— he
would not lend his influence toward form
ing a flour trust.
Building Up a Great University.
His Interest in the IT.,iverslty of Minne
sota began when It was a struggling in
stitution, with a few rtudents and very
little money, but with an unlimited pros
pect for decay and a fine outlook for an
early death. The fact that he had been
denied the opportunities for securing an
education no doubt quickened his inter
est: but greater than this was his desire
that an institution should be bui t up
v.-hlch would serve . as a great source of
power to the State, a reservoir of Intel
lectual influence upon which the futu>e
might draw. He was elected to tho State
Senate. in 1S60 and he bejran at once to
work for the universitv. He was instru
mental In clearing up the Indebtedness on
the institution, puttin? fts financial af
fairs in shape and preserving the valua
ble State lands to which it was entitled.
The university took on new life. He had
not started in to be a friend for a day.
and whien some years later the number of
students had so increased that a new
building was needed he surprised the
members of the Board of Regents and
the legislative committee who had gone
to the last limit in appropriations by tell
ing them that he wanted to give *l.>0.m»
out of his own pocket for the building.
Thus the science hall, or Fillsbury Hal!,
as it Is known, became possible. -;•-•;
Seeing His Gifts Well Bestowed.
One of the peculiarities of Mr. Pillsbuiy
i3 that which now and then of late years
Is being shown among men of wealth—
the disposition to give away money un
der his own direction: to see to it himself
that his wealth goes Into the right chan
nels.
Some time ago he thought the little place
where he was born, the town of Sutton,
N H.» oueht to have n town hall, so he
pave the money for a handsome building-.
Two or three years ago he joined, with his
wifa to do something for a very worthv
and yet money-needing institution In Min
neapolis, a home for children and a Red
women. So $100,000 was given as a perma
nent endowment fund, placed at a good
rate of Interest, and the Income goes to
the support of the institution. Not long
ago he and his wife thought there ought
to be a home for working girls in Minne
apolis, a place where they could secure
good accommodations at reasonable rates,
where they could be surround'd by whole
some influences; where they could be
helped onward In the. struggle. A line site
was purchased and a .iberal sum of money
set apart for the erection of a handsome
building now nearing completion. The
branch public library building has already
been noted. . . ;., . ¦ _,
Eleven Maxims for Young Men.
I called on Mr. Pillsbury. one day not
Ion? since and asked him to tell the yountr
men of this nation what success was. In
the conversation that followed he made
clear, first of all. that success was not the
mere accumulation of *reat wealth. Then
he gave what might be termed a recipe
for success, and I have put In condensed
form the lnsredlents:
1. Have a definite object In view. Havlns
thla object, eturly it closely and continuously
on all rides. Day by day enlarge' your own
horizon bv readlnsr
2. Good Judgment Is Imperative; study men's
failures no lesa than their successes. .
3. Be polite to a!l men, no matter how p*eat
the provocation to be otherwise; good man
ners ore Indispensable.
4. Earn your money before yoo_ srverid It:
EUPce*s cannot come to the map wtio dce» not
live within his means.
5. Turn your glass down at the banquet:
drink no Intoxicating liquors of any kind as
a bev*rr-->.
I <J. ¦ Kce:> your personal nanlta pure; kec^
coo«i company and • **«; that . the company Is
good before you keen • It:
7. Avoid temptation; If you *ee it coming,
don't Invite It on. but run from It. .
• S. . R*» kind to those In troubl-; If you can't
help them with money, give .them a helpful
word. -anyway.
9. Never Bpeak evil 'of any one.
10.* Save when- you are young and upend
•when you arf old.
11. Duty, truth «nd honor yl*ld the gr*at
>st tattsfaetlcn: b«« ahuolutely hontst In your
i dealings with all men.
Packed away In these eleven statements
of the essentials of success one may find
the secret of the large measure of suc
cess which this man ha<? achieved.
JOHN S. PILLSBURY, FORMER GOVERNOR OF MINNESOTA, A. PRAC- !
TICAL PHILANTHROPIST AND THE FOUNDER OF THE GREATEST j
. FLOURING MILLS IN THE .WORLD. [
THE TRADE SITUATION.
THERE was not much change in the commercial
situation last week. From all quarters of the
country caiae uniformly satisfactory reports,
rod most lines were quoted more or less active. The
b?.r.k clearings showed a gain of 37 per cent over the
same week last year* Baltimore and Minneapolis being
the only important cities to show a falling off. The
gains in the larger cities were 51 per cent in New York,
1 3.8 at Boston, 13.5 at Chicago, 45 at Pittsburg. etc.
The failures were 208. against 205 for the correspond
ing weftl: last year.
The iron trade is attracting attention on account of
its great activity, which is beginning to resemble
lht boom of 1899. The manufacturers report a very
heavy home demand, and bids for future delivery at
current prices are more often turned down than ac
cepted. Curiously enough, there is considerable ex
port business in finished products, in the face of
declining markets.
The usual distributive demand for the spring trade
if being attended to by jobbers and retailers at the
ir.oment, and both report business good. Building
materials, particularly lumber, are in brisk demand,
especially in the East, which is rather curious, for th.-
West has led building operations for many years. This
iv the only line, however, in which the East leads
the rest ofthe country, as far as merchandise is con
cerned.
The staples are irregular. Wheat has been sagging,
as usual, owing to heavy receipts at primary points,
liberal quantities, afloat and good crop prospects.
M^eci'.'.M'.op has fallen to insignificant proportions at
Chicago and New York, and the foreign demand for
American wheat is light. The wool trade is in an un
titisfactory condition and is m.ore or less of a puzzle
to the trade, prices having declined from 70 to 80 per
cent in Europe and fiom 30 to' 40 per cent in the
United States during the past fifteen months, accord
irg to a local authority. Sales have been larger in
this country of late, but the demand for manufactured
*;oods has not beerf a? to purchases of the raw wool.
There have been several large failures in this line
htely, both in New England and Europe. The cotton
trade, too, is lagging, with declining prices for the
raw product. Boots and shoes continue to move oft
well, and most factories report sufficient ordert to
!u ep them running for some little time yet. Provi
sions continue in very fair shape, the light supply of
hops keeping pork products firm.
Wall street is without special feature at the moment.
The formation of the huge steel combine was effected
'.vithout disturbing th-j money market, and, now that
it has become a thing of the pas*, the street has little
or nothing to talk about.
Local 'conditions remain as before stated. Dryer
weather has enabled fruit growers to begin plowing
x'r.tir orchards, and the same clear skies have Riven
an impetus to the growing grain all over the State.
Crop conditions were seldom better than at present,
:!iough there is still pienty of time for frost and north
winds to do damage. Wholesalers and exporters re
port a continued ac'ive demand for most kinds of
1. erchandise. and few if any'of the retailers arc com
plaining. Funds r.rc still in ample supply, and collec
tions are rp to the average in most lines. The ship
1 ;rtK trade of the port is still heavy.
A part of the work of the University of New York
is the publication of an annual summary and synopsis
of State legislation. That for the year iooo, which
has just been made public, shows that during that year
there were thirteen State Legislatures in regular ses
sion and they added to the State statute books an
aggregate of 5772 laws. New York led the list with
776, Maryland was a close second with' 747, while Ohio
came third with 583. It will be seen that the com
plaint to be. made of ou:| Solonsis not that of idleness
but that of pernicious activity.
The trustees of the public library at New'Bruns
wick, New Jersey, voted down a proposal to ask Car
negie for a donation, and in doing so declared a be
lief that the town has enough wealth to support a li
brary without passing the hat. The spirit of the ac
tion is all right, but it remains to be seen , whether
the town will live up to it.
It is worth noting as an illustration of the pervers
ity of this world that while Sampson and Schley ars
still waiting for some sort of promotion for their ser
vices in the victory at Santiago the defeated Spanish
admiral has received high honors from his govern
ment. They get the "ha ha" and he has the laugh:
The New York Temperance Union. has taken, the
strange course of commending Mrs.; Nation but con
demning her hatchet. Had George Washington been,
able to make so nice a discrimination at the time of
the cherry tree affair he would have said: "Father,
I cannot tell a lie; it was the hatchet."
The local Civil Service Commission and the Board
of Public Works are to be congratulated on reaching
a conclusion which everybody else arrived at some
time ago. The two boards are absolutely and em
phatically convinced of the various unworth of one
The fear that the United 'States will .lose more of
its 'Alaskan lands to t the British through diplomatic
jugglery is not weM founded," but our British^cousins
appear to think that our new made friendship means
that they are to receive everything they demand.-'.
The Duke of Manchester has been sued for dam-'
ages for breach of promise. To the ordinary ob
server there appears to be nothing in the life of the
Duke which would make the violation of any of his
promises damaging to anybody except himself.
The Government. of Abyssinia has agreed to accept
the advice of British officers in the settlement of in
ternal affairs. This appears to indicate clearly that
the Abyssinians never heard of the adage that he who
sups with the devil must have a long spoon.
Cooper, the dangerous ex-convict, has decided to
give the officials "no trouble in their efforts to bring
him to trial. He should.be advised that any endea
vor to put him where he belongs will be looked upo.i
as anything' but troublesome labor.'
Tiicreis a disposition* on the part of the good peo r
ple of Oakland to turn this penitential season of sack
cloth and ashes into one of jubilant congratulation.
There are signs in the town' that the day of the po
litical orator is! passing. " : \ •" V ' " * ¦
In all the reports of the great competition between
the big millionaires of the country it is to be noted
that none", of them show any desire -to prevent Car?
negie from having a monopoly in the way of founding
libraries. ... .. . . • : .
Under American sanitary regulation it is.announced
that the death rate in Havana has been reduced as low
as that in'Ncjw York, but unfortunately. for the boast
ing, of the report, tin?, New York rate is nothing to
brag of. *.. . :;>..
• In the approaching Pan-American Exposition at
Buffalo Californians w:ll have at least one subject'fox
congratulation. They won't, have to: pay the poker
debts of expensive -Commissioners. ' ;'-
WORLD'S WAR NEWS.
A disquieting rumor Is current In the
Pembroke, dockyard that the armored
cruiser Essex and seven sister shljs, now
in course of construction, are deficient in
stability and will therefore prove failures.
The first attempts at submarine naviga
tion in France date back to ISflO, and did
not Impress the naval authorities a* belns
practicable. Twenty-seven years later Ad
miral Aube, Minister of Marine, took up
the subject again, ami «<ince then engi
neers and naval officers have worked at It
I with uninterrupted zeal. There is now no
j doubt that submarine navigation Is practl
• cable, but the difficulty in using the boat*
for the purpose of locating and blowing
up an enemy's vessel lies In the inability
of the steersmap to utilize the periscope
I or reflector under all conditions of
weather. This 13 a problem not yet satis
factorily solved.
!
I The large number of war vessels to be
| launched during the present year will more
than make up for the apparent back
wardness of 1300. In Italy two battle
ships, the Rheina Marguirltta and Bene
detto Erin, will be launched In March
and September. In the United States three
| battleships, two monitors, six protected
j cruisers, thirteen destroyers, six torpedo
' boats and seven submarine boats are duo
! to slide Into the water, while the fleets of
Russia. France and Germany ,wi'.l be in
creased by at least thirty vessels* of all
I classes. In England naval construction ta
! being rapidly pushed, two battleships, the
Montague and Albemarle being launched
I on March 5. after the brief period of i"Tt
I and Cl days on the stock?, while the ar
mored cruiser Drake was launched ln.fe'0
days from the time her keel was laid.
Several battleships and armored cruisers
building under contract will also b»
launched during 1901 and altogether con
siderably over half a million tons will* be
, added to the navies of the world.
An interesting table of the relative fight
ing value of the principal armored ships
appears in the January- number of the
Marine Rundschau. The comparisons are
made by Xr.val Constructor Otto Kretsch
mer of the German navy and appears to
be the best practical method yet sub
mitted to ascertain the military value oi
a war vessel. Mr. Kretschmer takes into
consideration the size, armor, speed, arm
ament and endurance of the several ships,
which elements collectively constitute the
military efficiency. The low standing of
the Maine is an unintentional slur upon a
ship which will undoubtedly rank with
the Formidable, and i3 due to the fact
that the constructor accepted as correct
the data found in the Austrian . naval
hand-book, but which, so far as they ra
late to our new ships and guns, are incor
rect. Followlnff ia the table:
CLAIMS AGAINST SPAIN.
__ >^ NE of the last acts of the recent session of Con
. ( I S res s was the passage of a bill providing for
\_^/ the appointment of a. commission to adjudicate
claims of. citizens of the United States against Spain
arising between the outbreak of the Cuban insurrec
tion and the ratification of the treaty of peace at ParK
By the terms of the treaty the United States Govern
ment assumed payment of all such claims, and it is
likely that the total amount, is going to be consider
able', so that'the commission will have a good deal
. i Reports from . Washington are to the effect that
there are now about 260 of these claims against Spain
oi» file at the State Department, aggregating upward
of $38,000,000. It is said, however, that in most cases
the claims are excessive and that in many of them the
claimants will firfd it difficult to prove their American
citizenship. ' Furthermore, even where citizenship is
indisputable and the amount of the claim not excess
ive, the Government will not be required to pay it
unless it be shown that Spain would be liable for the
loss sustained had not the United States assumed the
payment. In other words, our Government occupies
the position of the Spanish Government and is not
liable for war losses except such- as are Justly charge
able to" Spain. \ /
The commission is to consist of five persons, each
of whom is to receive a. salary of. $5000 a year. The
decision of the commission is to be final when the
commissioners v are unanimous, but the bill provides:
''When the commission is in doubt as to any question
of law arising upon the facts in any case before them
they may state the facts and the question of law so
arising and certify the same to the Supreme Court oi
the United States for its decision, and said court shall
have jurisdiction to consider and decide the same."
The commission will have many complex questions
of law and of fact to settle. Where injury was inflicted
or property taken by the Spanish military authorities
in Cuba it is clear tint Spain was responsible, and we
must pay the claim; but it is said that for indirect
losses no damages can be obtained. One authority
estimates that of the whole $38,000,000 of claims pre
sented to the State Department less than $4,000,000
will be recovered. It 15. recalled that under the Amer
ican and Spanish claims agreement of 1871 clainu
amounting to $30,000,000 were presented, but only
$1,300,000 was allowed. The United States and Mex
ican Claims Commission (treaty of 1S6S) allowed iSf)
out of the 1017 claims presented. Of the aggregate of
$35,000,000 of claims presented to the French and
American Claims Commission (convention of 1880)
less than $1,000,000 wns allowed.
gfoc v -r^lS5^ (Sail
MONDAY MARCH 11,1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Addmi All ConnMieitioai t« W. B- LEAKE, H&sigtr.
MANAGER'S OFFICE . Telephone Vr ™*
PUBLICATION OFFICE... ainrket and Third. H. P.
Telephone Vronm 201.
EDITORIAL nOOMS 217 to 221 Stcveimon St.
Telephone Pre»« 2,02. '
Delivered by Currier*. 15 Cent* Per WceU. |
Slnjilo Coplen. 5 Cent». ;
Term* !»>- Mall, Including Pontajjei
DAILT CALL. (Including Sunday), one year J600
I^AILY CALL. (Including Sunday*. 6 month* 3. CO
r»AILT CALL (Including Sundav), 3 months l.W ,
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 6^
SUNDAY CALL. One Year • *••*
¦VVEEKLT CALL. One Year LOO
All po»tmn«ter« are authorised to receive
ftnbnrrintloiiM.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall subscribers In ordering chanfre of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a. prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE H IS Broadway
C. GEORGE KnOGXRSS.
Kistger retv.ga Airertiiinj. XirquMti BoiHiag. Chieig*.
(I>o:.£ Uietance Telephone "'Central 2613.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CAHLTOX r • • Herald Square
NTTtV TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 3O Trlbnne rtulldlns
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
TTaJderf-AFtoria. Hotel; A. Brentano, 31 Union Square;
aiuiray Illli IIoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Eherrr.as Hrx«e; F\ O. N>«i Co.; Great Northern Hotel:
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHIXGTOX (D. C.) OFFICE. . i. 1400 G St., If. >V.
MOHTOX E. </HAXK. Correspondent.
nn A Nf II OFFICES £27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until J.SO o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:20 o'clock- 6?3
McAllister, epen until S:*0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
S:SO o'clock. 1M1 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. C2C1 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1CS6 Valencia, open
•jr.til S o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9*o' clock. NW. cor
ner T*-enty-yeccnd «nd Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
distinguished living citizen of his State.
If the young men of to-day who are
graduated from such institutions. as the
This man who enters with such zest Into
the features of the evening's events has
been so long identified with the institu
tion represented at the banquet and so
devoted" to its interests that he has come
toVbe known as the "Father of the Uni
versity"; his name is Plllsbury—ex-Gov
ernor John S. Pillsbury, easily the most
The scene is In the dining-room of a big
hotel. A banquet is on. The admirers of
a 'victorious Western football team are
having no end of fun. All at once, an
elderly man rises at a point of honor at
the board and, with all the enthusiasm of
the most excitable freshman, pronounces
his opinion that next "year, which is now
this year; the football team of the Uni
versity of Minnesota must meet and van
quish Harvard.
By W. S. Harwood
COPYRIGHT, IDOL-
. ¦ • . . ii : ~ !
IV. JOHN S. PILLSBX7BY.
an amount hardly possible to appreciate
as coming from the mills of one firm.
Why a Flour Trust Was Not Formed.
It is often the incidents of a man's life
that throw the strongest light on his
character. Two years or so ago a sleek,
resourceful person called on Mr. Plllsbury
and proposed that the big milling tlrm be
amalgamated with a lot of others into a
great Hour trust. The scheme had at
tractive features from a commercial point
of view Mr Plllsbuf y held the key to
?he situation: He could »wln« "enough
stock to close the deal. If the great Pll ¦
bury interests could be secured the trust
was a "go" and the most dangerous com
bination in foods ever attempted In Amer
ica would be a fact. tmii.>m,to
It Is n»t recorded what Mr. Plllsbury
said when the promoter called -with his
scheme, but any one who- know* him
would not he surprised if hts.worj ds were
pointed and emphatic; for he has a way
of speaking very plain and direct English
when he wills to do bo. But. whatever
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
The San -Francisco Gall.
The Call does not hold Itself responsible for
the opinions published In this column, but
presents them for whatever, value they may
hare as communications of general Interest.
TO THE EDITOR OP THE CALL.: *
An editorial in to-day's Call, headed "That
Colonist Rate," compels me.- In Justice to M*r
ced city and county, to request the privilege
of space in your columns In order to obviat*
a possible mlsjud*ment of the quality and fer
tility of the lands around Merced city and in
Merced County. In the editorial referred to
you advise the necessity of seeing- that the new
settlers expected here shall be well located,
and warn against the repetition of an ex
perience made near Merced about ten years
a*o. which Is deplored by all but by Merced
city and county more than by ar.y on* else. At
that time quite a number of Hollanders, cotn-
posed -of a splendid »*t of people, mostly
younjr, ' intelligent and educated, and all well
supplied with means, were brought here fnr
colonization. Unfortunately, however, they
were, through "land sharking." as you call It.
located on a section of land not at all suit
able for the purpose intended— that Is. orchards
and •vineyards— and were made to ray for it
more than the very best of land cnuld have
been bought for. and which Is In abundance
here. However, this fart was not alone th«
cause of failure, for, bad as the selection of
the land has been, yet It Is* by no means unpro
ductive, for It possesses a jrreat deal of the fer
tility of the soil surrounding: It. on which the
finest oranges, prunes, apricots, peaches, n««.
nlives, grapes, berries, etc.. *re raised. The
other trouble was that, while tne Hollander col
onists were a good set of people, yet but very
few of them were of the kind requisite to
make colonists for a new settlement, for th»v
were nearly all reared In large cities, arcim
tomed to all the comfrrts of life, and not much
Riven to that drudgery, tedious and hard work
which Is naturally indispensable with tillers
nf the soil, and much more so with new set
tlers. ¦
I am neither land owner nor land speculator.
I am a dry goods merchant, established here
for many years. I have watched the Holland
colonization scheme from Its inciplency, anl
feel competent to pass an opinion aa to th<»
cause of the failure. I therefore venture- th»
assertion— and many of the colonists them
selves have coincided with me—that even on
this land the colony would have proved a
success had the riKht class of people been
located on It. In falrce*a to Merced r!ty anl
county- I hope The Call will not object to
glvlnr'space to this corr.munlcation.
S. HARTMAN.
Merced. Cal.. March 7. 1301.
HOW A MERCED
COLONY SCHEME
CAME TO FAIL
tries is most encouraging. The great need -of the
State has been for cheap fuel or other power-produc
ing energy. That need is now to be supplied by the
use of oil as fuel and by the extension of electric
power generated by waterfalls. The future is thus full
of promise, and if our manufacturers and producers
can continue to work together for general advantage
through the association there is no reason for any fear
of the outcome. ,yv,; I .
OUT of the Chinese imbroglio there has sud
denly developed a new storm center. It ap
pears that while Germany has been devoting
her attention to making a collection of Chinese heads
to be presented to Kaiser William on a charger, and
the United States, France and Great Britain, along
with Japan, have been figuring out claims for money
damages, Russia, with the manners of a quiet and
unostentatious bear, has gradually taken possession
of Manchuria. The powers,' it is said, have had their
attention directed to what Russia has been doing, and
it is now no longer a question *of head 6f
money gathering but one of inducing the bear to quit
hugging and quit crowding* . : \
Various are the reports that have been "put .into,
circulation concerning the new phase of -the Chines*
problem. According to one story Great 'Britain "has"
taken the lead in protesting against the action of Rus
sia and has sought the aid of the United' States. Ah- ;
other attributes leadership in the protest to Germany.
Some have said the United: States has agreed to op
pose Russia, and some that ho -such agreement has
been made or will be made. [ These various 'reports
are not only interesting but instructive. They make
clear to the public the fact that something is "going
wrong in the concert but that no outsider knows-ex
actly what it is. . * • , •. •¦ •
From reports derived frorn sources outside of dip
lomatic channels it appears it is now too late for the
powers to protest against Russian occupation of Man
churia. They might as well protest against, American
occupation of the Philippines or British occupation
of Egypt. The time when a protest might have been
available is past and What is sometimes called
"manifest destiny" and sometimes "divine providence"
has conducted the armies of Russia into that province
of China. They cannot now be -driven out except by
war, and. of course, there will be no war on that issue.
It will be easier for. Germany and Great Britain to
atone for Russia's wrong by following the example
and taking a province or two themselves. ' ?*>vV
The sudden splutter over ttis Manchurian question
is a striking illustration of the close similarity be
tween the movements of diplomacy and the move
ments of a snail. The newspapers of all parts of tru*
civilized world have been publishing notices of the
advance of Russia and her encroachments upon China
ever since the close of the war between* China and
Japan. The movement upon Manchuria has been
noted time and again. British travelers and German
travelers have repeatedly published their observations
iri that part of the world and have kept the reading
public well advised of what was going on. Conse
quently it is somewhat surprising to learn that at this
late day the diplomatists have begun to get disturbed.
Dispatches from Berlin recently announced that a
special correspondent of" the Tageblatt has reported
to that paper that throughout Mongolia Russian flags
are everywhere seen: that Russian generals in their
official orders refer to the country as a part of Russian
territory: and lie adds that Manchuria is also virtually
an integral part of Russia. Some time ago it was an
nounced that the Moscow Gazette had openly advo
cated "the establishment of a permanent Russian ad
ministration" throughout Manchuria, and i?i doing zu
had said: "At present we are merely camping there:
we are forced to incur expense without compensation
and without being able to rescue the inhabitants from
distress and demoralization. Yet the welfare of Man
churia would be a natural consequence of a properly
organized Russian administration, which would ?.t
the same time relieve the treasury from the present
enormous expenditure. The necessity of the permanent
settlement of the Manchurian "question has now be
come urgent We. repeat that the more the Chinese
problem is confused by the intrigues of the Europea.i
powers and of the Imperial Court the more necessary
for us is the speedy solution of the Manchurian ques
tion."
With all those facts before the public there is not
likely to be much excitement over the reports of a
diplomatic disturbance. It is too late to protest
against the virtual annexation of Manchuria to the
Russian Empire. The bear has that province within
his hug, and nothing but a. knife-thrust to the hear:
will ever make him turn loose.
RUSSIA IN MANCHURIA.
THE SAN FRANCISCO; CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1901.
BATTLESHIPS.
ARMORED CRUISERS.
AT- HOTEL. DEL. COKONADO the season U
now on at full tide. American and Eurjpua
plans. Uest of everything. Including the caji
acter of entertainment. Apply 4 New/Uontg-.m.
try St.. city, for special ticket.'
Kins Ed -.Yard's decision to take the title Edwar-J
VII has raised a storm of protest from Scotland.. The
angry. Scots^are reminding him that he holds his
throne not through the Plantagenets and Tudors of
England but through the Stuarts of Scotland. an<
insist tint he be crowned as Edward I.
Robert Whheside says he intends to convert the big
trees into lumber. He should be advised that vandal
ism out of which comes a profit is as dangerous to in
dul^r ss that "ivnicli *s purely wanton. •¦
4
! Fight.
."' NAME. I Xatton.j
j Bum. :
Tor.,.
Valua.
i ]
Klkaaa tJapan...
Fhlkishtma .Japan...
Formidable JFtrttlsh..
i-'uffren iFrencb..
Huncan IHritish..
Czarewttch Russia..
Retvtsan | Russia..
Kal«*r Friedrichl German.
Charlemagne ....|Frpnch..
Fit. Ton (Italy —
Alabama. |l'- S
Maine IT." S I
Worth class (German.!
13TO
1S33
1300
1*33
lftOO
1300
1300
1*07
1«K
. IS37
, IS!*
| 1^9H
I 1892
- L
13.200'
14.R.V1!
lo,13Si
12.T2S!
14.224!
12.5nn;
11.1.V!
11.2S7I
i ttsd
( 12..w<i:
| lo.eon,
' 15.23
! 14. IS
i 12.77
I 11.70
! 11. 4«
; n.23
! 7.3?
! «.r>
I 5.21
! 5.2S
: 4.24
2.21
I F!«ht.
NAME.
I Nation. I
1 Built. |
Tcns.[
' Value.
Oressy
Aname ..'.
Furst Biamarek..
Mcntcalm
Oromobol .-.
Frinz HelnrlcJi..
Brooklyn
New York
.¦British..
. (Japan .. .
. German.
..French..
. ! Russia..
. ! German.
.in. s
.|U. s
\",M
1S97
19or>
1S94
1S0O
12. w::
10.R3W''
9..MTJ
1».3«7!
».93n;
>.21J (
; 5.13
4.92
1.79
3.3«
; 2.?«
LSI
! i.»
I F!«ht.
NAME.
I Nation. I
1 Built. |
Tcns.[
' Value.
Oressy
Aname ..'.
Furst Biamarek..
Mcntcalm
Oromobol .-.
Frinz HelnrlcJi..
Brooklyn
New York
.¦British..
. (Japan .. .
. German.
..French..
. ! Russia..
. ! German.
.in. s
.|U. s
\",M
1S97
19or>
1S94
1S0O
12. w::
10.R3W''
9..MTJ
1».3«7!
».93n;
>.21J (
; 5.13
4.92
1.79
3.3«
; 2.?«
LSI
! i.»
! Fight.
."' NAME. I Xatton.j
j Bum. :
Tor.,.
Valua.
i ]
Klkaaa tJapan...
Fhlkishtma .Japan...
Formidable JFtrttlsh..
i-'uffren iFrencb..
Huncan IHritish..
Czarewttch Russia..
Retvtsan | Russia..
Kal«*r Friedrichl German.
Charlemagne ....|Frpnch..
Fit. Ton (Italy —
Alabama. |l'- S
Maine IT." S I
Worth class (German.!
13TO
1S33
1300
1*33
lftOO
1300
1300
1*07
1«K
. IS37
, IS!*
| 1^9H
I 1892
- L
13.200'
14.R.V1!
lo,13Si
12.T2S!
14.224!
12.5nn;
11.1.V!
11.2S7I
i ttsd
( 12..w<i:
| lo.eon,
' 15.23
! 14. IS
i 12.77
I 11.70
! 11. 4«
; n.23
! 7.3?
! «.r>
I 5.21
! 5.2S
: 4.24
2.21
Special information supplied dally to
business houses ar.d public men oy thai
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 513 Mont-
gomery st. Telephone Main 10-11 - •-
Cal. glace fruit 50c pv lb at Townsend's.*
Choice , candies. To wnsend's. Palace Hotel •
AUCTION SAI.ES.
By American Auction Co.— Tuesday. March 12, at 10 o'clocU.
SOfO f er.U. cte.. at HT Market street.
Central— "Cartaln Impudence."
Central— Benefit performance Thursday night, March 21.
California — -The Telephone Girl."
Or.iheuni— Vaudeville.
Grand Opera-house— "Around the World in Eigl'ty Dajra."
Grsrd Opera-house— Sembrloh Opera Company. March IS.
Alcazar— "The Last Word."
Criumbla — ""The Highwayman."
Alhambra— "Under Sealed Orders."
Tivti:— " Wizard of the Nile."
Oljnpia. corner Macou and Eddy etreets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon ant
Fls^.er*f-V»udevine.
Mechanic*' pavilion— Trained Animal Show.
fcherman-Clay Hall-Piano Recital. Tuesday afternoon.
March 12.
California Jockey Club (Oakland)— Races.
Tanforan FarVc— Races. V
AilUSEjaEKXa.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
FOR OLD AGE
To the old, as to babies, the
even balance oi health is more
important than anything else
iri the world. The possible
health, in age, is not high and
strong; it is qnly even. .
There b no ond, but death,
to the trouble that comes of its
loss. Itou^ht to be watched
like a baby's.
Scott's emulsion of cod-liver
oil fit* very old and very young
—in different ways — is the food^
to secure this even health.
V.'e'l! lend yen .- Kttlc ti try. if you I'ke.
SCOrr & tUVt'XE, 409 Vw'l .trict. New York.
The Arabic lntters In the Khedive's re-
cent poem to Victor!* have a numerical
value of 1900 when counted up.lucrative positions.
BOOKKEEPERS, STENOGRAPHERS AND
CLERKS.— A few months spent in studying
bookkeeping, shorthand, arithmetic and pen
manship at Heaid's Business College Night
School ¦will fit young men and women to fill
' Many of the Lenten days are being given
over to the maturing j of summer plans.
Already there has been considerable go-
Ing and coming. Alice and Ethel Hager
are back from a short stay, at Del Montd,
We are not clothed in gray these Lenten
days, and we are not putting in our time
in sewing circles and reading clubs. No
one has; given up the days at home, and
on .Wednesdays and Fridays we don our
rose color or fashionable sage green call-
Ing gowns and go round and sip tea at
the various homes, stopping from ten mln
utes^to'half *an hour, according to the
company and the choice gossipy morsels
our hostess offers for discussion. - Lent
this year Is npt a* dark and dreary sea
son. All formal functions are tabooed,
but there has been and will continue to be
enough of Jolly-little affairs for which In
vitations go out over the telephone to keep
us all glad and happy.
too often. It Is his way. He pays de
voted attention to a girl for a season or
more, and then, when we all. accept it
as a foregone conclusion, he packs his
grip and is off. . Don't misunderstand me.
He . only ¦ fools the lookers-on, never the
girl. George Hall is a gentleman.
MISS GRACE WHITNEY, ONE
OF MOST FETED DEBUT
ANTES OF NEW CENTURY.
OMAHA. March 10.— John R. Murphy, a
passenger on Union Pacific ' train No. 3.
shot and killed himself with a 38-caliber
revolver this morning at 3 o'clock in his
sleeping berth in a tourist car near Chap
pel. Nebr. He fired two shots, from the
revolver. The first ball glanced and the
second struck the frontal bone on the
right side and passed Into the brain:
Valuable papers were found in Murphy's
pockets, beside cash amounting to $199 01.
His ticket was purchased in New York
City via the West Shore Railroad, and his
destination was San Francisco. He had
two discharges from the American and
British navies as a first-class machinist.
They show he was on the battleship Ore
gon on its memorable trip around Cape
Horn in 1898, that he participated In the
battle at Santiago, and as a gunner was
discharged in- September, 1S99. He then
enlisted in the British navy, with the
same position, and was recently dis
charged from a cruiser.
Murphy was born at Danville. Canada,
and had a brother at Williams, Ariz. Cor
oner Bassett has taken charge of the
body.
Murphy acted peculiar on the train,
looking about him continually, as though
fearful oC somebody. He was 35 years old
and weighed about 165 pounds. His rela
tives have been communicated with.
Former Gunner on the Ore
gon Kills Himself on
SANTIAGO HERO
DIES A SUICIDE
However, when you come right down
to the evidence in the case, none of us
were overastonlshed. George has -fooled
us on the betrothal proposition just once
George Hall has left for Constantinople,
and a dainty miss Is trying to look un
concerned about it. Everybody had it
that the Turkish Consul and the daric
eyed miss were ready to receive teacups
when lo and behold! George is off for a
seven months' stay In the land where the
Sultan rules.
One need not be a prophet to predict
that the completed Flood mansion Is go
ing, to be one of the handsomest homes
In this city. Work is being rapidly pushed
on the house and it will probably be ready
for occupancy about June. By the time
we all get back from our summer outings
Mrs. Jlmmie will be ready tOjthrow open
her doors and welcome her friends.
The day I watched Jlmmie j and his
baby I also managed to take a few side
glances at the wonderful parasol Mrs.
Jimmle carried. It was of black lace and
all drawn through with baby blue ribbons.
It-had tho Paris stamp all over it. and
was- pretty enough to match the bonnie
face and charming toilet of Its owner.
Jlmmie never, misses a day. out at the
house. Promptly at 3 o'clock .ie appears
upon the scene, goes over the house, in
spects the day's work and looks wl3e.
Sometimes he Is accompanied by his sec
retary. ¦ who puts In an afternoon of se
rious .inspection, and sometimes he has
the company of his- charming young wife
and baby. Jlmmle trusts to the cars to
bring him to his home that is to be. but
Mrs. Jlmmie for the most part drives up
In a victoria, and while she trips through
the mansion "with her doting . husband
baby stays with the nurse In the carriage.
It Is worth anybody's while to go out on
Broadway of a sunny afternoon and see
Jimmle shake a "day-day" when Mrs.
Jimmle and baby drive oft. I watched him
through the performance the other after
noon and came away in an unhappy, puz
zled condition. I never saw a man go
through so . many cabalistic signs, and
when the baby looked so impressed and
open-eyed, I will 'confess I was curious to
know what the hopping and waving and
grimacing were all about.
IT Is no fun to be "building.". Ask the
Jlmmle Floods If you won't believe
what I say, or if you don' f want to
ask, Just take a good long look at
Jlmmle. Ills alterod appearance Is
more eloquent than any argument I might
offer. Debonair Jlmmle has disappeared
and in his place is a serious looking man,
with whitened temples, ana shoulders that
are beginning to stoop, just a little— and it
is all because of the added cares born of
the mansion out on Broadway that is
a-building for him.- .......
BY SALLY SHARP.
and Bertha Dolbeer and Helen Wagner j
are home after a month delightfully spent \
in Southern California. Genevieve Mar
tin. Frank Goad and Mra.,McIntosh are
expected home shortly from the!r trip to
the Orient. Mr. and Mrs. "Walter Dcai
are putting in a month at Santa Bar
bara, and C-llve Holbrook is the guest of
Mrs. John D. Spreckels and Miss Lillio
Spreckels at San Diego. Mr. and Mrs.
Will Taylor are at Santa Barbara, and
Mrs. J. G. Kittle and Isabel Kittle are in
Los Ange'es.
Mrs. Parrott has left for the East en
route to Scotland to Join her daughter.
Mrs. Douglas Dick, who is 5eriously ill.
Mrs. James Carolan and the Misses Car. -
Ian are visiting In Southern California and
Mrs. Eleanor Martin has returned from a
trip to Los Angeles. Peter Martin has
left for the East, and Mr3. Maurice Casey.
Miss Katherine Dillon and Miss Cosgrav*
are preparing to leave next month for
an extended European trip. Miss Llll'-*
O'Connor la visiting Mrs. McKittrick at
Bakersflcld and Miss Azalea Keys sails
on Friday next for a trip to the Orient.
Clarence- Follis has taken a place at
San Mateo for the summer and is putting
it In shape to entertain his friends.
Clarence has -*rood taste and the'where
withal to exercise It, and his country
place is going to be a splendid example
of Just what he can do. There is no bet
ter tellow than Clarence, and we girls
have had more than once occasion to
realize the fact. He is a most obliging
fellow and wondrously generous. He la
handsome and not conceited, good
natured and not foolish. Those qualities
would alono be enough to make us a'.l
dote on him as we do.
It would appear that politics and so
ciety cannot get on together. There t3
Donald de V. Graham as a living: illus
tritlon of It. When he first took to poli
tics all sorts of difficulties were forced in
his .way. Donald, however, leaped over
all gracefully and nimbly, and supposedly
reached the climax of gallant achieve
ments the day he renounced Johnny Bu'l
and swore allegiance to the Stars and
Stripes.
But trouble hedges round him once
more. Out at the ball they have cut r
quarter-of-a-hundred-dollar slice from
Donald's salary, and for no other earthTy
reason than because he. saw fit to cut
his working hours by fifteen minutes and
then- left the office without tipping hla hat
to Chief Deputy . Goddard.
"When Donald discovered that his fu
ture salary waa to be $125 instead of $150
he was almost too angry for words. He
gasped, took on a deeper vennlllion and
eaid "Blast me!" '.;• i
Nobody seemed to care, however. There
fore I say once more, society and politics
don't seem to get on well together.
SOCIETY: THE JIMMIE FLOODS AND
THEIR TROUBLES.
"WICHITA, Kans., March m— A sealed
verdict was returned this afternoon in the
case of the State vs. Mrs. Carrie Nation,
Lucy Wilhllte, Julia Evans and Lydia
Muntz, charged with, wrecking a saloon
here- on January 21. The verdict will be
read In the District Court in the morning.
It la thought 'that the verdict finds .her
puilty as charged, as eleven of the Juror*
are said to have favored conviction at
midnight last night: The Jury had delib
erated twenty-four hours.
Nation Guilty.
Jury . Believed to Have Found Mr&
RETUHNS SEALED VEBDICT.
It is a pleasure to visit our leather
poods department and see the outlay of
good values. Trunks, valises, pocket
books, traveling rolls, cameras, little gold
clocks and toilet articles. All fine leather
poods lettered in gro'd without charse.
Sanborn. Vail & Co.. 741 Market st.. r •
Travelers' Delight.
TOPEKA, Kans.. March 10.— The initial |
edition of Mrs. Carrie Nation's paper, the j
Smashers' Mail, is interesting. It Is a IC
page paper of nea,t appearance, containing
several half-tone illustrations of various
scenes during the late Joint crusade. Mr.--.
Xation says in her salutatory:
I have no apologies to make for having
Nick Childs for the publisher of the Smashers"
Mall. Our Savior ate with the publicans and
sinners to do them good. The servant is not
above his Lord. This paper will be. as its
name implies, the smashers' mall. I shall put
into the columns the letters I get from all
over, even those I get from across the water.
Those wishing to say anything through the
columns of the Smashers' Mail must put It in
the form of a letter and use brevity — tha soul
of wit — for I reserve the exclusive right as
editor. I have had a severe lesson In Peorla
from allowing Eome one to attend to what I
ought to, therefore, I alone am responsible for
what goes in. . _
On the fourteenth page Is found the pic
ture Of the negTO. Jack Chllds. the pub
lisher. Underneath are these lines:
"Business manager of the Smashers'
Mail and the plain dealer who went to> the
relie' of Mrs. Nation when deserted by the
law and order people."
• The first page contains an excellent
half-tone of Mrs. Nation. The depart
ments under which the letters are pub
lished In the Smashers' Mail are: "Letters
From Hell," "Letters From Honest Peo
ple," "Appeals for Help," "Some Poetry,"
"Notes and Comments." "Indorsements
and Iavltations." "Snap Shots" and "An
swers 'to Correspondents." Some of the
paragraphs are:
We solicit advertisements of all that Is use
ful and beautiful, and that Its use will be tha
clory of Cod.
Why didn't the legislature pass a law pro
hibiting prisoners the use of tobacco, whisky,
or to play cards In Jail? Why build again the
things whiph they destroy?
I was glad to note that anaxchjr was Indorsed
bv McParlan and Sheldon.
Tou want to be the band-wagon with the
preachers and the good women. Verily. I say
unto you, Mr. Lindsay, you must be born
a-aln!
In Justice to Mr. Cook and famllv I will say
my confinement was most pleasant. If It had
not been for the cigarette smoke. I have
three meals a day and a pood bed. It is a
first-class hotel beside the Wichita Jail, with
its maniacs, cigarettes and grreen persimmons.
The turnkey. Mr. Dodd. was kind to me.
SMASHERS' MAIL
GOES TO PRESS
First Edition of Carrie Na
tion's Paper Makes Its
Appearance.
Low 'of Columbia University, G«neral T.
L. .! James, : . president of the ; Lincoln Na
tional Bank; President Daniel C.'GUlman
of Johns Hopkins University of Baltimore
and Secretary William. Beebee of,Colum
bia, University were in the Police Cou't
this morning before Magistrate ' Pool . to
prosecute . Ross Raymond : for swindling
Presidents Low. and James' and Secretary
Beebee . told how ; Ravmond, =. ; under >-.tho
name of Professor t Sandys, _ had- plaved a
confidence frame on them by which he se
sured $200 from the bank. President Gll
man testified that th» letter which Prp
fessor Raymond^- presented to President
Low was - a forgery. The technical
charges on 'which Professor % Raymond
was held are the- forging of. a check and
the.GUman letter, and he was held In $3000
bor.da on -each of -these * charges. -, Raj -
mond ; v*as arrested ¦ in •• New Haven last
week for trying to swindle President Had-
* NEW YORK^ March 10.— President Seth
SWINDLER OF COLLEGE
PRESIDENTS IN COURT
LONDON, March 10.— The Stock Ex
change last week was - almost stagnant
pending an announcement of the budget
proposals of a definite state of the "war.
Such few dealings which were reported
indicate a most favorable tone, but the
dearncss of money prevents any recovery.
In investment securities .there lias been
much profit taking with' a view- of the
settlement. Consols closed lower at 9G%
under the expectation of a large issue,' to
cover. war expenditures. .. - .¦:.
' The American market opened. with gen
erally .upward movements,' but subse
quently- became ¦ unsettled -and "-¦ closed
unsteady. Among the Increases were Chi
cago, Mllkaukee and St. Paul; Chesapeake
and Ohio"preferred, which rose %; Norfolk
and Western common %, Reading firsts %.
Southern Railway preferred fell one* point,
Denver and Rio Grande and Southern Pa
cific % and Denver and .Rio Grande pre
ferred %. • ' : - ~ „- "\
There was a further general rise in
South African mining shares on. the re
ported negotiations between" Lord Kitch
ener and General Botha. - Rands closed %
better ¦ at -43^,- • and others " with : ' an - im
provement of ',&. • ¦ ;,
Money was in active demand and scarce
until yesterday, ..when the , supply became
plentiful, rates closing easy. .Until Mon
day, 1*4; fixtures, Z\' z to 3%; three months'
bills,' 3»£. V. ¦ ¦ . ¦
Bank stock was firm, mostly rising sev
eral points. Lloyd's shares weakened upon
the announcement regarding capital. The
local market for industries was dull and
weak, numerous pessimistic reports from
the iron Industry appearing and prices
continuing to fall.
English pigiron on the Dusseldorf
Bourse' fell 5 marks, and It is arriving In
Increased quantities. The arrival of Eng
lish coal caused a weakening in .coal
shares. , Iron shares • were further de
pressed yesterday upon a reported quarrel
in the pigiron syndicate.
Efforts have been resumed for the reor
ganization of the rolling mills syndicate
and the sheet mills syndicate, which will
hold a conference March 16. Representa
tives of the mills were In conference at
Berlin yesterday, and the organization of
a syndicate is expected.
Notwithstanding the unfavorable indus
trial reports published last week traders
generally express confidence in the busi
ness situation and declare that the pres
ent pessimism i3 exaggerated. •
The demand for money during the week
was considerable, and the private rate of
discount, which had receded to ZVa per
cent, rose one-uighth yesterday. Foreign
exchange moved in- Germany's favor. The
united Mannheim banks took the new
Mannheim 4 per cent loan at 100.30. -
" The Constantinople correspondent of the
Frankfurter Zc-itung says the charter of
the Anatolian Hallway Company has been
renewed for several years. ¦
There was a lively speculation in Trans
vaals owing to the reported negotiations
between Lord Kitchener and General
Botha.
Among foreign rentes Turkish, Portu
guese and Mexicans were sold for. realiza
tion. Australians and Argentines were in
good demand. Among railroad securities
only the Canadians attracted bidders.
BERLIN, March 10.— The activity of the
Bourse last week was again confined to a
few specialties. Apart from these the
Bourse was inactive. Quotations for im
perial and Prussian loans showed very
slight changes. Nevertheless all 4 per cent
loans ¦were firm upon a good demand from.'
the public. ~ The leading feature of the
week was the number of municipal loans
announced for early subscription.
English Pigiron Depression
Is Increased by Reported
| Syndicate Quarrel.
BERLIN MARKETS
ARE INACTIVE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1901.
5
i TJ?7K own the building, a whole Mock— pay less rent
FHTTf|QSEiy 5 Q for the WHOLE YEAR than our downtown
Mai OOiO! competitors pay for a SINGLE MONTH— and if they
EI3 FOHBiTOBE EXPOSITION BUILDING, would sell goods for what it cost them to lay them
Cor. 16th and Mission Sts &) wn a * Y our door we can undersell them 20 per cent
'• -J and make money doing it.
attetitiife PARL0R FURNITURE, COUCHES, &c.
fL^rv uf\£f *,{X ?^fe-O : -tfefe»iMAS Our Special Couch— In polden oak or Parlor Suit— Nicely carved and hand-
%£; %c ??F'Zl i^*-'«&' OffjuJz:* ,-. ' t ' mahoganlzed birch frames, upholstered polished, upholstered In <£l|Tfc "TT K
ill r / \fe£r'yjWiV>! >*>.^.>fr'-v!Nv •• in heavy French . Tapes- & t mm f\*\ tine French Damask— Sale £ %j
L^S^SS-T^^^V^ try-Sale price .: ,.. JplO.UUP 11 " • •»« K * J * sJft * yJ
T\l/!ia jZ'^v^^fiSSxsfig&^js} Parlor Rocker and Chair to match, neat
, r"CX«fijr 9 ct;^] iMi.^/'mygi Pyl Couch — With heavy oak frame, carved Inlaid btick. upholstered s«at, hand-pol-
liofigg i '* r "^l Iv^e-^'ftJ^sl feet, upholstered In ve- O d\ *Tr Ished— Special for this sale th^ *T F?
1 J^M^ r^ / m^W^. ' !°"""— —•"••¦'••¦•' ::;;;:;:;:;;;;;.;:;;:;;:;:;:;;;;. 3)2.75
V**2i«^5" -tJiiJii^tf Couch— In b*>st leather, diamond tufted. Parlor or Reception Chair, hand-pol-
NS^f. 5^??^*-^^ Cy^"t^ )' _L*f*r' pafr.t clinched button <r» *-* mr f\f\ lshed and carved, saddle jt> | O ET
1 used that will not come c|)j3 t llU seat-Special for this sale q)l«OD
BRASS AND tKAftiELEO BEDS /^ a TbrfeT^Trn ¥ tmai i^ftii ThiTPC 1
$1825 CARPETS, LINOLEUM, RUGS.
vai iip cor nn 1a 6> & iT\f\ Smith's Axminsters, 25 different designs in all the new spring
Thi. b™« *tJ f™'.* «*V < .»,. k..» At colorings, with or without borders; parlor, library and bedroom
tcu Eraju ana Enameled Bed is the best *»v v^/B^vrvr »ntlnr vdIha 41 *>s
UrcaJa «¦• have ever been able to offer la desi B n3, regular \aiue Jl.S.
2S"x5°SS r^^irc^ lor tVe^nlv" i^'i. k *. «£ I A CZ Blpelow and Middlesex Axminsters;' the finest high-piles car-
rttt^utSt toto^owU beSiTr Va &£ At SI. 45 P et9 mad^ : beautiful artistic designs juid colorings. Ve save
curve. It can be had in any color or comblna- v + r.....v-r you money on these goods-regular $1.73.
tlon of colors to eult any scheme of decoration. nx , , . _. - ., ,^n.*n. *^ » ...
Tfcl. bed l« handsome ai, well as ir-a^ive and ii. 7K-, Stlnson's and Sanford's ro^ular 10-wlre Tapestry Carpeta with or
«urah:«. Ca.ll and *e» It. Tcu Trill be sur- At £ s^C without border; also hall and stairs; price includes laying and
prised. Value SZi. March sal* CIO (iff . ~"_ " -T lining". - • •
"" i< rp Best All-Wool Ingrain Carpets; 33 different patterns to choose
._^fli?r>V, _ AT iTi^f from— come and see the goods— far better than cheap tapestry car-
flat pets, and more arUstic colorings; regular 85c.
k X A CT Kngllsh and American Linoleum, f feet wide, square yard. 45c.
/'//iS^'V \i\ n**Aecft«»r» _Al 4-^P Extra heavy American Linoleum, 12 feet wide, square yard, 60c.
MAkPsl \% DlwMwlS " r%U Best Inlaid Tile Linoleum, U.35.
11^ \ M S!3' 50 r 1 " "¦• ||||N ;";, ROUND
\SB^ /fir t You save money at J iwuni;
JW&Z^0v§^ ; PATTOsiEN^s. j EXTENSION TABLES
Irf^^^^l i»Sill Fold I ill I
i W¥tiWW&Wi likc illustra - P( ©
*^ ' c :-l s : '^P'"'^H^tKi com p' cte » •
This remarkable bargain for this u-hola ?ifw- y vw$ffl*?X0l' three-fold
week has laree oval French beveied 1S& * MiWk ffi* J ~2=2*& i * Thls Round Dining Table has 45-lnch
plate rr.irror— is solid oak and has polJshe-1 Jj^ffla^Sg^JK*.!*'*'*^"'*! sale on crreat top. extension 6 feet. Polished quarter-
firsish; also ornanented with carvea top- J*»& r^ * second floor sawed oak, twist legs; 518.00 value. Marc'i
an exquisite piece for the bedroom; 513.30. o***^ second uoor. ga]e pr j ce 7..... 811 5O
AMUSEMiiJMTS. I AMUSEMENTS.
TO-MORROW AND SATURDAY AFTERNOONS,
March 12, and IC. at 3:15.
And THURSDAY NIGHT, March 14.
The World's Greatest Pianist.
Reserved Seats. $2 00. tl BO and Jl 00. On sale at Sherman. Clay & Co.'s.
Beginning TO-NIGHT.
Every night, including Sunday. Matinee Sat.
First Presentation In Thie City of
DE KOVBN ond SMITH'S
Most Successful Romantic Comic Opera,
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
As played over 300 nights In New York.
Together With the World's Greatest Dancer,
LA LOIE FULLER.
In "THE ARCHANGEL" and "THfe
TEMPEST."
Carriages at 11 p. m. Prices— 25c to $1 60.
¦EVERY EVENING — ' II AT. SATURDAY.
*S; "HELLO Ui'n 1731— Hew is IHE
TELEPHONE
(j| 1 ri L £ ...... ....IMMCHSEI
THE PERFORMANCE IN ITS ENTIRETY
UP TO THE MOMENT!
r* i n> ¦ r. w ho are pretttyi
Cl I 1< 1 WHO CAN DANCE!
Vlll\L.k, WHO CAN SING !
Bright rnd Catchy Mssn. .w.ta % Cast of -
¦40 CLEVER COMEDIANS 1Q
. Evening.. .Ii3c, 35c, (»Oc. 75c, SI.
Matinee ...S5c. 5Oc. 75c.
¦- •-'{-- ¦,¦- SEATS NOW READY.
* # .' ' .
PHONE SOUTH 770.
EVERY EVE THIS WEEK.
MAT. — : SAT.
STAMPED WITH THE SEAL. OF SUCCESS.
1S00 people in attendance last night. All de-
lighted with
UNDER the
SEALED ROMANTIC
ORDERS comedy.
A truly grand performance.' presented by an
excellent company of players.
' ' PRICES:
15c. lioc, JSric. 5Oc.
Next— Sunday afternoon, March 17, the- big
New York sensation, "THE ANGEL OF THE
ALLEY."' . ,
DAI APE hotels pos-
rMLnUL "fess the attributes
_• • that tourists •_ and
S) nfl travelers appreciat?
UIIU —central location.
RRANJ] m ana S; -
wiirtliU ment, modern ap-
UntCI C pointments . and
Ml I LLOi perfect/cuisin-
iiy a 6-uvj American and: Eu-
San Francisco; fopeanpiahs. , '
AMUSEMENTS. "
n ml "^ RJ B? jQ T S3* B3T . 4 v
m - Jbia A ¦ W. imm M Ik a ¦ v §«¦ - *
SEATS— 15c725c, 35c, 50c.
. .THIS MONDAY NIGHT.
Augustln Daly's best comedy,
TheLastWord
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week— The New York Madison Square
... , Theater Farce Hit, ¦-,- * v
THE PROPER CAPER.
RACES^ir
THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
Week March 11 to 16. six high-class races
each day. Tuesday, btceplechase; Thursday,
hlEh-welEht handicap.
Saturday, GREAT CALIFORNIA DERBY.
JEOOO added.
First race dally at 2:10 p. m. Tmlr.i from
Third and Towneend. 7, 10:40, 11:30 n. ra.. 12:40.
1. 1:30. 2 p. m. . Returning leave track 4:15 and
thereafter : tft short Intervals. Rear : cars re-
served for 'ladies and escorts. • .
(CTWeek of March 18 SEVERAL BIO EVENTS
ADMISSION. INCLUDING R. R. FARE. Jl 25.
, MILTON 8. LATHAM, Secretary.
E. J. POWER, Racinu Secretary. \"
GHUTES and zoo
E\ r ERY AFTERNOON and EVENINO.
ORISKANY BROS., OEOBQE AUS-
TIN MOOBE, KELCEY SISTERS,
ROSCOE ; AND SIMS, ; ALI : ZADA,
JACK SYMONDS, NEW COMIC
MOVING" PICTURES.
Thnrsday Night, the Amateurs
In a NEW NOVELTY.
Telephone : for 6eats-%-Park 23 ;W
A3TCTST3CEXTS.
GRAND 1 OP>Efc£A. MOUSE
MATIXEES SATURDAY end SUNDAY.
Second «-nd Last Week of the Gorgeously
Benutlful Spectacle.
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS,
FRICES 10c, 15e. 25c and 60c
Few F\roct Rows In Orchestra. 75c Good
Reserved Seats In Orchestra at all Matinee*.
Branch Ticket Office, Emporium,
SEMBRICH.
nnt Appearance SEMBRICH OPERA CO.
Direction of C. L. GRAFF.
MOROSCOS GRAND OPERA-HOUSE,
CtKBrnendnr MONDAY EVENING Next, two
weeks, with performances Monday and Wed-
nesday evenlnc* and Saturday afternoon.
Repertoire— "Barber of Seville," "Traviata."
"Faust," "Don Pasquale," "Lada." "Pagll-
«.ccl." "RJst>letto."
p-.ncle seat ea!« berlns Wednenday at box
effica. Prices— M. iZ. Si, tl.EO, $1.00.
VAUDEVILLE'S VERY BEST.
BTJNTH ANI> BTJDD CO.,
ME. AMD MBS. MARK MURPHY,
BEATRICE MOR ELAND AND COMPANY.
L.ES TROIS FRERES MACAONO. WIL-
GON AND WARING, KATHERINE
CLOODGOOD. JOHNNY JOHNS. THE
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH and
PAPINI A.
The Queen of Spectacular Dancers.
Reserved se&ts Be; balcony. 10c; opera chairs
and box eeata. SOc.
Matinee* Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATURDAY
AT 2.
FOURTH AND LAST WEEK!
"TOU'LL MIES <A TREAT IF YOU FAIL.
TO SEE"
WIZARD
Yh B N1LE!
Karch 18— "TH£_WEDD1NG DAY."
POPULAR PRICES^ 2Cc and 60c
Telephone— Bush I.
RACLNG ! RACING ! RACING !
ljno-WrNTER MEHTING— 1301.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
J.kCirg il-naay. TuesiJay, Wednesday. Thurs-
Car: Friday end Saturday, ltain or itt>!n«.
- five or more races each day.
IUcr« start at 1:15 p. m. sharp.
Kerry-boets luve t£m Francisco at i! m. and
li.ZQ. 1. J:20. 2. ?:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with tra'.ns etopplne at the entrance to in*
track. Last two cars on train reserved for
ladKs and (heir escorts: no rrooklnc- IJuy your
lerry ticket* to Shell Mound. All trains v.a
Oakland mole connr-oc with Ean Pablo avenue
electric cars at SSeventh and Uroadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda rnole con-
nect with Pan Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
•nd Broadway. Oakland. These electric cars
C" direct to the track <n fifteen mlnutea.
Returning— Trsfns J«»ave the track at 4:1» and
MS p. ci. nnd immediately after. the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. I! MILROY. Secretary.
\JU t T. HESS. •
I.C7AS.T TCJ^i; A-fJ ATTJa.»<J/-Aj. % -Li^.
Tectn Floor. Hoorn ICIS. Claus Epreckels Bid*.
Telephone Brown £31.
KrfK3er.ce, 621 California Ht.. below Powell,
Ean Francisco. .
BELASCOAKoTHALCSjferfWc?
1 ™ immarrtuu
Phone Eolith IZX
Beglnninjr TO-NIGHT— Every HVg thia week.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Superb production the patriotic drama,
CAPTAIN
IMPUDENCE
A Picturesque Romance of the Days of 1846,
Durinu the Invasion of MexfCo by Our Troops.
See Storming of Fortifications Around Chapul-
tepec.
PDirF? Even!ng« 10c. lBc. 35c. 5Oe
I IWVLJ Matinees lOo, 15c, 25c
Next Week— "COLLEEN BAWN."
BEL AS CO & TH ALL'S
CENTRALTBEATER.
TKDRSDAY NIGHT, March 21, 1931
FOR DEPENDENT MOTHERS, WIDOWS
AND ORPHANS OF ENGINEERS WHO
LOST THEIR LIVES IN THE DISAS-
TROUS WRECK OF THE
S.S. RIO DEJANIERO
Given Under the Auspices of the
MARINE ENGINEERS' BENEFICIAL. ASSO-
CIATION No. 33.
Tickets - -One Dollar,
MECHANICS] PAVILION
m..TO-DA Y...
AND EVERY DAY THIs"wEEK.
performances at 2:30 and 8 p. m. dally.
NORttIS & ROWE'S • ¦
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
LAST PERFORMANCE NEXT SUNDAY.
30^-PERFORMING ANIMALS— 300
The Greatest Afrcrefration of Educated Animals
in the World.
Elephants, Zebras, Goats. Sea Lions. Ponies
Monkeys. Dogs, Ant Eaters and Zebus
First time in this cSty of Sir. Winston and his
wonderful school of EDUCATED SEALS, the
mo«>; marvelous animal act In the world.
IIERIt SETTLKR. the famous German animal
trainer, and his small Clown Elephant.
S^at tale opens at Pavilion To-dayat 10 a. m.
TRICES— ADULTS. 25c: CHILDREN. 10c.
Phone South 720.
FTSCHFRS concert house.
Fiechtl's Tyrolean Troupe,- Egrry. Irene Kober.
George Sisters, Trijceda, the Leons, Chester..
Matt Keefe and HInrichs' Orchestra. Reserved
Scat?, tCc. Matinee Sunday
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
TELEPHONE B? FR M
222-224 SLITTER ST. ' $
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
yOKDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
Buttar; finest mzmirj 3 :c square
«c. •
Canned fruit 2 tins 45c
Our fltifst quality. "N>w Era Extra
Sp^eclal." Llmtt»<2 quantity at thla
price. Regular 30c tin.
Ccf.'ee. Kcna. mmi or ro?sted, 20s \'i
From Sandwich Islands. It Is no lonser
.ai\. e*Dertment: a coffee of an «xcep-
tiorally fine ilavor for little money.
Recnlarly :3e.
Sweet V/ nas. 5 years old 3 h:\i $1
-T Angelica. Port. Sherry, Madera, Mus-
catel, Malara. Tckay and Catawba.
Regularly SOc bottle.
Garden Feas. "New Era. " res 2Cc. I5c tin
¦2-lb'tlns':rery fine; equal to anv Fr^ncl*.
Regular J2 ».... fl.75 dozen
Lanndr/Sbap 6 for 25c
Our .celebrated "Old Family." "Lnrg—
cakes; • better than ever. Regularly 4
cakta 23c.
20-coke box, reg. St 29 85o
40-cake box. r*s. K 30 f 1.7O
- 10O-caJt» box. res. M 25 $4-23
Toilet Soap, tox of 3 cakes 60c
Savon a la Vlolette, Roger A GaUet:
assorted odors. . Kesniarly 73c. .
Jams and JsIIies 3 Jars 50c
Best home-made; I* I* A Co. s.
Regularly 25c jar.
Honey In the Comb 15c comb
- Finest white saze. Rernlarlr 20a.
Wood A'colnl. for barnfng only SI gal
Resularly $1 23.
Hamamells. Witch Hazel
Qt. bot. Ft lot. tt-pt. bot.
40o 25o 15o
Claret or Borgandy 65c gal
Old wines. E*c<"yttoruil Tata*.
Regularly $1 gal.
Eg? Beater, "UgMnhz" 10c
Somethlne new. Recularlr 13a.
Garden Kose, reg. 13c 10c foot
¦i-lnch, J-ply. 23-foot lengths, coupled
ready for use.
'We carry a complete lln» of Hom
Kozzles tndLawn gprays.
Smoke LEBENBAUM'S FINE
Cigars— greatest value for a bit.
Gold Crowns $5.00
Durable crowns of 23 K. gold
and natural | looking porcelain
crowns, KTiarantccd for twenty
. years. i
Chalmers Dental Co.,
Credit if Desirel 133 Powell St.
j^a,. VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY for MIN
MORMON* BISHOP'S P1LL«
i?ro lSl have been In use over fifty
«3^Jv?' l 2rM T'ars by the leaders of t!j«
£+i*jt!zJ$Fk Mormon Church and their fol-
tftgj»<'K\riE:3 low-rs. Fo»itlv^ly euro tho
wFw£ /•WttSa worst eases In old and young;
Wf st\ i 1 M^5 arlylns from effects of sei:-
i»^s\>Jy»J abuse, dissipation. ex:es»es op
«Svi«J5ct cirnrett'-smokins. Cur* Lost
T&mLfStT Wanbood. Imi>oteney. Lost
HUSmSV Power. Klcht Losses. Intora-
nla. Pains In Back. Evni>estre». Lam* Baek.
Nervous Debility. Headache. VnUtness to Mar-
ry. Lots of Semen. »^/> Vartcocel* or Con-
itlpatlon. Stops Nt *^ ffj * vou» Twitchlas
of Eyelids. Effects ir^J^La r • Immediate.
Impart- vljtor and*'' ei¥:r= *pot«ncy to vrury
function. Don't get despondent: a eur* la at
hand. Restore imall. undeveloped onrana.
Stimulate the brain and serve centers; Mo e.
box: 8 for 12 60 by mall. A written jraar&nte*
to cure or money refunded ¦with t boxea. Ctf»
culars free. Address BISHOP RKMKDT CO..
4C> Ellis st.. San Francisco. CaL GRANT
DRWJ-CO... S3 and 40 Third rt.
m q± <fc. W^ -*fc "^
A visit- DR- JORDAN'S okcat
Ihuseuh of anatomy
a Ck icaitiaxat a. «. ftiiTix uxd.
A ' j\ * V'ocid. W«>mm m Cm ccmmcl»4
V 9gM di»e«ai>c5ltl»rly««rwlt>Ttl>toW«a
© ISi \^1 I fcpcaUht ca Cu. Cr+n. Est ji you*.
§ iW*k OH- »0aiJA.H-PRnAT3 DISEASES
A i jWniti Tn mnini personally nr by letter. A
7 1 Hr C.J U ***.tw* Cwrtia neirciMondcnakea.
A r< 1 V> w >ite for Book. PDILOIOriY*!
f/ • If I '« MaaUfit. MAiuto no, ia
X il I •' «<uabie boob for mm)
V DE JOBDAN A C*.. KSX Marks! St., 8. 9.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTORATIVE. IXVN3ORA-
¦ tor j and Nervine.
The i moct wonderful aphrodisiac and Speetal
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of tha Kld-
rtys and 'Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
! -NABKR. ALFS St BItUNE. Agents.
2t3 Market st.. S. F. — (Send for Circulars.)
I ..¦--¦-
fP FAVpHITlf
FOR WEAS1 WOMEM.
DR. CROSSMAH'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE. t
! For the cure of GOXORRHEA. GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints of ths>
Orsrans of Oeneration.
; Price St a bottle. For rale by ctruselst*.
: THE WEEKLY CALL
o/ It Publishes the Cream <tf t&»
2 News of the Week and
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
o) ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT 15 Ttl8 BEST WEEKLY
gj >f; ; PAPER ON THB
PACIFIC COAST
i ~l The Best N. / Mining
[ °» , Telegraphic >y/ News That
°\ Service oa /n. '* Arcurnt*
o< 1 he Coast / \&uptod«ta
O^
o{ Not a Line of It SensxtlonaS
gj or l r aky, and Not a Une d
it Dry ox Uninteresting
81 pep Year.
ordinary
oatmeal
is partially cooked
Homby'e Steam Cooked Oatmeal
V- '" ¦ ¦" .¦¦¦¦¦¦ • JTO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
SEATTLE— Arrived March 10-Stmr City of
Seattle, from -Skaituay.
Sailed March 9— Stmr Farallon. for Skaguay.
POINT REYES— Passed March !*-Br stmr
Milton, from Nanalmo for Port Los
PORT HADLOCK— Sailed March 10— Stmr
; Robert Dollar, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS, i
MANILA— Sailed March 9— Br stmr Garonne,
for San Francisco.' •' .
IIO.JG KONG— Arrived prior to March »-Jap
stmr Tosa Maru. from Seattle.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived March 10— Stmr St
Louis, from Southampton and Cherbourg: etmr
Germanic, from . Liverpool and Queenstbwn;
stmr Umbrla,' from Llverpooland Queenstown:
stmr Hanover, from Bremen; stmr Siberian,
from GlaF^ow.
Sailed March H)— Stmr Mesaba. for London:
strp- ' Amsterdam, for Rotterdam: stmr Cuflc,
for Liverpool: stmr Patrla. for Marseilles and
Naples. ' .
QUEEXSTOWN- Sailed March 10— Stmr Cym
ric, ."or Llvernool and New York: stmr Cam
pania for Liverpool and New York.
LONDON— Arrived March 10— Stmr Mar
quette. from New York.
ANTWERP— Arrived March 10— Stmr -Fties
land; from New York.
GIBRALTAR-Salled March 10-Stmr Aller,
via Genoa and Naples for New York.
NOTE— In th« above exposition of th« tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence aa to time of
day; the third time column Rives the last tide
of the day. except when there are but thre*
tides, as sometimes occurs. Tha height* given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when »
mine* ( — > sign precedes the height, and tben
the number gi-ven is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
13 the mean at Ul« lover law waters.
ANOTHER pilot has been carried
away owing to stress of weather.
and the Commissioners are thank-
Ing theJr lucky stars that only one
of the force is on the way to
Honolulu. Thursday last the Occident
al and Oriental Steamship Company's
Coptic pot away for the Orient via
Honolulu. She was taken out by
Pilot R. Tvpon and for a time it
looked np if he wcruld be carried away. It
was blowins: a gale, and when the Coptic
wp.s hove to It looked as If the cockle-
Fhell launched from the pilot boat could
rot live in the tumble of waters. The
trariFff-r was made, however, and Pilot
7vfc:i escaped with a ducking.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sier
ra did not get away for Australia via
Honolulu until S p. m. Pilot Eugene M.
Freeman took her out. but when the big
mail boat reached the cruising ground of
the pilots it was pitch dark and blowing
at the rat*? of >-ixty miles an hour. Had
it been daylight Captain Freeman might
have been transferred to the pilot boat,
but this would have been a hazardous
venture on a pitch-dark nleht and in a
livins; Rale. No boat was launched from
the pilot schooner, so Captain Freeman
had to po on to Honolulu. The Mariposa,
City of Peking and Sonoma will all get In
from the islands during .the coming week.
but Freeman will not be able to catch any
of them. He will land at Honolulu on the
13th inst., will board the Gaelic four days
later and will get back home on the 23d
inst.. just sixteen days after he goes out
of the Golden Gate. \
GBUMBLING ON THE FKONTv
For years it lias been a custom for peo-
noon put back to port. When off Point
Reyes she carried away her windlass and
came hack for repairs.
The barkUJndaunted and the ship W. II.
Macy both came In with loads of coal yes
terday. It took the hark thirteen days to
come from Comox. B. C. and the ship six
days to come from. Seattle.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
, , . Sunday. March . 10.
Stmr Navarro, Hcnsen, 14 hours from Bowens
Landing. .
Stmr San Pedro, Jahansen, 3S hours from San
Pedro.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, 15 hours from Fort
Bragg.
Stmr Queen, . Thomas. 40 hours from San
Dlezo.
Ship W H Maey, Groth. 7 days from Seattle.
Bark Undaunted, 13 days from
Comox, via Claklam Bay 6 days.
Schr Reliance. Larson. 15 hours from Fisks
Mill.. Returned on account of carrying away
windless.. •-
Schr Jennie Stella, Krebs, 5 days from Grays
Harbor. - *
Sunday. March 10.
Stmr Georee Loomls, Bridgett. Ventura.
Stmr Santa Rom, Alexander. San Diego.
Schr Fortuna. Olsen, Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOR, March 10 (10 p m)— Weather
foggy; wind NW; vollclty 10 miles per hour. ,
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March 10-Schr Emma
Utter, from Coos Bay. .* ¦ ¦ . ¦
Sailed March 10— Tur Defiance, with German
ship Otto Glldermister in, tow. for San Fran
cisco, - --•..,"
EUREKA-Arrlved March 10-Stmr Charles
Nelson, hence March 9.
POUT TOWNSKND— Passed In March 10—
Br bark CollinKroye, for Port Blakeley.
Arrived March 10 — Schr Robert R Hind, from
Kahulul; schr WUllam II Smith, from Callao.
pie having business on the steamers of the
Pacific Mall, Occidental : and Oriental,
Oceanic and Pacific Coast lines and the
transport service to board the vessels at
will as soon as the declarations have been
taken. Tailors who renovated the clothes
of the members of the crew, laundrymen,.
chronometer men. dealers In soap, neck
wear, collars, underwear and other small
articles used to come and go at will. Go-
Ing aboard no notice was taken of them,
but on coming ashore they were always
searched, to make sure that there was no
smuggling. This has all been changed
now. Surveyor of the Port Spear has
taken the control of the steamers out of
the hands of the owners and . has issued
an order to all guarding officers to allow
no one not an officer or member of the
crew aboard the various steamers without
an order. In consequence the butcher, the
baker, the candlestick maker and every
body else having business on the Mail
steamers and transports are up In arms,
and a petition Is to be sent to the Col
lector of the Port to have the order re
scinded.
Sailors Are Very Scarce.
Boarding-house masters say there is not
a sailor "on the beach" and that an offer
of 560 "blood money" for each A. B.
"signed on" would not procure a crew. In
a week. Members of the Sailors' Union
claim that if the captains of British ships
now looking for men would pay coasting
wages the union might supply them, but
there is a considerable difference between
the $20 a month paid to deep water sailors
and the ?40 a month paid on coasliiis ves
sels.
The British ships Celtlcburn nnd Lon!
Cairns and the bark Auldglrth are air In
the stream awaiting crews', .and the blc
ship Dition wil join them to-oay. I'la
last man left in. the boarding-houses was
put on the Matterhorn last Thursday in
order to give her a full complement.
What makes the situation still worse-is
the fact that the whalers and cannery
fleet are now fitting out. and thousands
of men will go ' north on those vessels.
Every one of the two fleets will take a
certain number of sailors, who are paid a
certain sum for the round trip and have
the privilege of fishing while their vessels
are laid up in Bristol Bay. In this way
some of the thrifty men make enough
during the season to keep them In comfort
during the« remainder of the year. This
exodus will keep the supply of A. B.'s at
a very low ebb for months to come, and
some of the 1 grain fleet may have to lie
for weeks In port before getting a crew.
The Peru's Cargo.
The steamer Peru, which sailed Friday for
Panama and way ports, carried merchandise
for Central America valued »t J4LJ00. for Mex
ico $67$ and for Panama {325. making a total
of $42,101. The cargo was manifested as fol
lows: "
For Peru— S3C8 tt>s beaus, 59 csks bottled beer,
315 cs coal oil. 23 cs candles, 1950 rbs codfish,
91 cs dry eoods, 5 cs blasting fuse, 4729 bbls
flour, 324 pkgn Groceries and provisions. S cs
hardware, 40 pes iron. 6. rolls leather, 3300 lbs
lard, 6105 rbs. malt. 5 k?gs nails, 45 crs onions,
24 ch 2 bbls oil, 561 crs potatoes, 8 pkgs paste.
1C3 flasks quicksilver, £1.166 lbs rice, 13 pkgs
raisins, 22 bdls Eplce. 14.000 Its sulphur. 4 crs
sewing machines, 13 lulls snooks. 19.937 tbs tal
low. 204 reels barbed wire, IS cs 4126 gals wine,
44 cs whisky. '
For Mexico— 142 gals wine. 2750 ft lumber. 7
pkjrs groceries and provisions, 10 drums caustic
Ecda. ¦
For Panama— 100 bbls flour.
Water Front Notes.
The schooner Reliance started for FIsks
Mill last Saturday, but yesterday after-
PILOT FREEMAN CARRIED AWAY TO HONOLULU ON OCEANIC COMPANY'S SIERRA
Uclted States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Raters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by offlclal au
thortty of the Superintendent.
.NOTE -The high and low waters occur at
tne city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-flve minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide U the same at both places.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
Coursing at Sacramento.
BACKaMENTO. March 10.— In the
coursing to-day J. R. Smith's Sylvanus
won first money, with Blanchard's St. An
thony second and J. P. Atterson's Our
Maggie third.
C. Basch and J. S. Earls 21 21 21
M. Berwln and P. Bascb is u 13
O. McDonald and Matt Maher 21 21 a
M. McNeil and P. McKlnnon 13 17 IS
W. Magulre and E. J. Murphy 21 M 21
J. White and II. J. Rogers 17 21 13
W. Masruire 19 j|
Jo*» Collins 21 Ti
The gallery of the Occidental Athletic
Club handball courts, 120 Grove stree'.
was crowded with members and their
friends yesterday. The most excltirsr
game of the afternoon was between H.
Cory and his rival, A. Hansen. The games
were as follows:
First class— W. Jacobs 81. E. Antron K: T.
Clements 51. W. Collins 42f A. Collins 51. F.
llaynes 45; E. J. Murphy 51. J. L. Mahoney J».
gecond class— II. Cory 61. A. Hansen 60; O.
Janes 51. F. Stopff 23.
J. Dowllng's young hound Sir Lawrence
won .first prize In the 120-dog open stak'J
yesterday at Union Park, taking the de
ciding course by a single point from the
Pasha Kennels' imported Fiery Face.
Fiery Face was about due to annex a
stake, and gave a clever performance
throughout. Luck, however, was against
her to the last, and by scoring the . kill
Just too soon she put herself away from
first coin. Sir Lawrence was more friend
ly with the fickle goddess, and, while o.e
did his work well, was fortunate in get
ting short courses. When the pair we-'t
to the slips In the final Sir Lawrence ha;l
done 91 seconds of coursing, while h's
clever opponent had put in just twice
that time in chasing the game. In tha
semi-final the runner-up had to go thron
times with' the great Beacon before she
could get a decision from him.
Despite the heavy rain a large crowd r.f
peonle watched the dogs chase through
the mud. Pikers made a good day of
It. dropping In for some nice pickings m
the second round.
Fiery Face and St. Ives furnished ex
citement for the crowd by putting up the
cleverest and longest race of the day. It
was a guess until the flag was raised and
St. Ives finally succumbed with the score
at 16 tn 10.
Floodgate again demonstrated that he
cannot be depended upon. He beat Sac
ramento Boy In the second by a score of
3 to 2, and In the next round, when his
chances were figured good enough to be
made a 3 to 1 favorite over Sir Law
rence, he pulled out, hesitated, and
burned his backers' money, losing the
flag by a score of 4 to 6. Chicago Boy
made a good Bhowing all through tho
stake until he met the runner-up in th«
fifth and failed to score. Little Sister
and Rural Artist were among the best >n
the running. Beacon, with his great
speed, should have made a better show
ing. His contests with Fiery Face show
ed her to advantage, the Pasha Kennels'
traveler more than offsetting the blue
dog's fast run up by her clean cut and
meritorious point getting. Fiery Face's
day's work proved her the best dog In
the stake.
Old Connemara beat Gold Ore handily In
the second, and then allowed Brutus to
make an undecided of a course which
certainly belonged to the ancient course.'.
In the run-off Brutus shut him out.
Wedgewod went to his kennel for keep--*
after his first run. Against War Eagle
he was made a 3 to 1 favorite, but could
not deliver the goods, losing a short one,
score 2 to 0. Tom Hurllck took the flag
from Lady Clare at the good price of «
to 1, and then lost by a single point to
Fiery Face, though his good showing in
this was by favor.
Following are the day's results, with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, cecond round— Gold Dust Ken
nels' Brutus beat H. A. Deckelman's Law
rence, 3-2; J. Dean's Connemara beat W.
Cairnes' Gold Ore, 11-6; E. M. KeUogg's Kid
McCoy beat F. A. McCcrab's Royal Fashion,
4-3; Pasha Kennels' Rural Artist beat Clark
& GrowtaBe's Ideala, 12-7; Pasha Kennels'
Round About beat George Parkinson's Ben
Lomond, 4-3; George Sharman's Black Flush
beat R. E. de B. Lopez's Sara. 6-2; H. A.
Deckelman's Snapshot beat Sterl & Knowles'
Ripple, 4-2: RuKSell & Allen's Daisy Clalr heat
F. A. McComb's Frosty Morn. 8-4; F. A. Me-
Comb's Bona Fide beat Pasha Kennels" Risky
Attempt. 6-1: George Sharman's Chicago Boy
beat J.- Hurley's O K Capitol, 5-2; P. Jack
eon's Honor Bright beat T. W. Bartels" Ban
ner Bright. 5-1; C. Bonar's Wild Norah beat
F. A. McComb's Crawford Lass, 5-0; Pasha
Kennels' Fiery Face beat George Sharman's
fit. Ives, 16-10; W. J. Leonard's Tom Hurllck
beat D. J. Healey's Lady Clare. 4-1: K. M.
Kellogg's Buck beat J. T. McCarthy's John
Doe, 4-0; Curtis & Sons' War Eagle beat F.
Jones' Wedgewood. 2-0: F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys bent P. J. Rellly's Warship, 4-2:
Yosemite Kennels' Mope beat Sterl & Knowles'
Ollta. 3-2; George Nethercott's Floodgate beat
Walsh & Heennn's Sacramento Boy, 3-2; J.
Dowling'R Sir Lawrence beat D. Toland's
Pleasant Girl. 3-1: D. J. Healey's Tlburon beat
Chlarini Bros.* Bunco BUI. 9-6; Aeneid Ken
nels' Achilles beat Gold Dust Kennels' St.
Michael, 4-2; P. Steinhoff's Veto beat P. Doyle's
Thelma. 4-0: Curtis & Sons' Shadow beat L.
F. Hartf>1s' Best Bargain. 4-3; CurtU & Sons'
Beacon beat P. J. Rellly's Royal Union. 7-0;
P. Doyle's Liberator beat J. Smith's Master
Workman. 4-2; Pasha Kennels' Random. Aim
beat A. R. Harrison's Briar Root. 4-3; Aeneid
Kennels' Aeneas beat H. Lynch's Lottie M.
4-1; F. A. McComb'B Little Sister beat E.
Geary's America, 7-1; P. Jackson's Golden
Russet beat Russell & Allen's Rosle Clalr 3-2.
Third round— Brutus beat Connemara. 6-0:
Rural Artist ' beat Kid •McCoy." 4-2;. Round
About beat- Black Flush. 3-2; Bona Fide beat
Snapshot, 5-4; Chicago Boy beat Daisy Claire,
Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face Makes a Great Showing, but 111 Luck
Forces Her to Second Place.
5-3; Honor Bright beat Wild N'orah, 3-2; Fiery
Face beat Tom Hurllck. 8-7; War Eagle beat
Buck. 4-0; Mose beat Harlean Gladys. 3-0; Sir
Lawrence beat Floodgate. 6-4; Achilles beat
Tlburon. 4-2; Shadow beat Veto, 4-0; Beacon
beat Liberator, 5-4; Aeneas beat Random Aim,
3-2: Little Sister beat Golden Russet 4-0.
Fourth round— Rural Artist beat Brutus 8-3-
Bona Fide beat Round About. 5-3; Chicago
Boy beat Honor Bright. 6-1; Fiery Face beat
War Eagle, 4-0; Sir Lawrence beat. Mose 3-0-
Shadow beat "Achilles. 4-2; Beacon beat
Aeneas, 6-0; Little Sister, a bye.
Fifth round— Rural Artist beat Bona Fide
3-0; Fiery Face beat Chicago Boy, 4-0; Sir Law
rence beat Shadow, 3-1; Beacon beat Little
Sister. 3-1.
•Sixth round— Sir Lawrence beat Rural Artist
3-1; Fiery Face beat Beacon. 6-3.
Deciding- course— Sir Lawrence beat Fiery
Face, 5-4. ' .
DUNNE PLAYED. ON
THE LOSING TEAM
Five / Set ' Matches of Handball on
the San Francisco
Courts.
James Dunne, the sreat Eastern hand
ball celebrity, played p match -frame on
the San Francisco handball courts yester
day. Coupled with A. Hampton a double
PINE GOLF PLAYING •
ON LOS ANGELES LINKS
Smith Brothers of Chicago Compete
in the Tournament for Southern
California Championship.
LOS ANGELES. March 10.— Willie Smith
of Chicago an.l his brother Alec played
eighteen holes, medal play, on the Coun
try Club links this afternoon to decide
the tie which resulted yesterday in the
tournament for the open golf champion
ship of Southern California. The contest
was won by W. Smith with a score of 78
as against 80 for his brother. Both men
played fine golf and agreed that It was
one of the best matches in which either
ever, took part. W. Smith received the
first prize money, amounting to $100 -and
Alec Smith the second. $60.
C. Lakln and V.'. F. Stapff ". 21 21 21
G. B. Hayward and E. White 20 11 IS
P. Ryan and M. Basch 21 21 17 12 21
M. Joyce and W. Williams 13 13 21 21 19
J. J. Kavanaugh and T. Leach.. 21 17 21 20 21
\V. Fisher and T. Foley 13 21 1H 21 20
was played with J. C. Nealon and R. Llne
han. the latter team wlnnlnc three out of
five sets. Dunne-Is still the wonder at the
Kame that he was when seen here last.
His scientific placing and peneral handball
ability make him a champion among
champions. The scores were:
J. C. Nealon and R. Llnehan...-14 2t 21 18 21
J. Dunne ajid A. Hampton 21 17 12 21 S
Other scores were:
E. McGlnty and M. Klrby ...21 21 21
J. McBrearty and E. Barry.... 18 12 15
SIR LAWRENCE IS THE STAKE WINNER
IN THE OPEN EVENT AT COURSING PARK
SAX DIEGO BASEBALL TEAM, THE CHAMPIONS OF THE SOUTHERN "WINTER LEAGUE. /
STANDING, hND RUNNING FROM THE LEFT TO THE RIGHT. ARE TOM WORKS, CATCHER; LUTHER ("DUM
MY") TAYLOR, PITCHER; J. DRENNAN. CENTER: BILL DEVERAUX, CAPTAIN AND SHORTSTOP; MIKE
DONLIN, FIRST: CHARLEY DOYLE, CHANGE PITCHER.
IN THE STOOPING POSITION, FROM LEFT TO RIGHT, ARE ABE ARELLANES, SECOND; TRUCK EAGAN,
THIRD; FRANK BOWMAN. LEFT, AND HUGO KLAUBER. RIGHT.
MANAGERS J. M. DODGE AND GEORGE CAREY IN THE REAR.
Photo by F. E. Patterson.
San Diego's Team Easy Victors in the Winter Com pe=
tition for Diamond Honors.
PENNANT WINNERS OF THE
SOUTHERN BASEBALL LEAGUE
Tanforan Entries.
First race — Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; purse. »
(20l3)Sly ins | 2066 Gonfalon 110
(201T)Pupil im l (2041)Formero 113
2066 Autumn liol
Second race — One mile; three-year-olds; purse.
(205J)Brutal 112 2053 Ada N 100
2062 Marcy 97 (2(05) Kenllworth ....115
Third race — Seven furlongs; four-year-olds
and upward ; selling.
(2040)DangTous MaidlOS, 2017 High Hoe Ill
1SS5 Aetor '. 1131
Fourth race — One mile and three-eighths;
four-year-olds and upward: selling.
2039 Owensboro 105 2039 Topmast 104
2016 Tom Sharkey..lO2 20iw La Borgia 96
(1934)Barrack HO
Fifth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
204! Kingstelle 94 f 2542 Slsenvine P5
19*2 Amasa 110 2023 Our Lizzie 1CS
2054 Nellie Forest... 102 2067 Doublet Ill
2043 Sir Kingston... 107 (1541)Princss Tltanla 94
2005 Maggie Davis. .110
Sixth race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward; telling
2020 Lizella 1111 1906 March Seven. ..107
1699 Lomond 112 20S1 Artilla 107
2051 Chan Le. Bel.. .1131 2055 R. d Bandldos.113
1932 Walkenshaw ..ll«i 2040 Donator U3
(2019)Macy 116!
Tanforan Selections.
First race— Sly. Formero, Pupil.
Second race— Kenllworth, Ada N*. Brutal.
Third race — Astor, Dangerous Maid.
Fourth race — Barrack. Topmast. Owensboro.
Fifth race— Doublet. Our Lizzie, Maggie
Davis.
Sixth race— Macy, Donator, Walkenshaw.
Juster 13. Hauer 10, Webb 19. Howard 7,
Jacobson 10. Reed 14. Searls 13, Gere 13. Seaver
17. Hoyt is. Sweeney 17. Ireland 6, Houpt 10,
Gresjj 10, Guyett 9, Jensen 3.
Money match. 25 birds in 13 singles and five
pairs doubles, distance handicap; second claw:
Name — Yards Rise.\ Broke-
Cullen 1% is
La Motte 22 n
Balrd 16 15
Webb 22 1$
•Third class—
Debenham If ]7
Fish „ 1<J 17
Juster ]( 14
Reed IS J 10
Searla IS 15
••Fourth class —
Lambert 16 17
Wood 1« 8
Hauer 21 12
Swales 16 12
Jacobson 14. 6
Gere 1« 11
•Debenham and Fish tied la the third cla«s
*n<l divided the money. 53 each.
••Ireland. Houpt. Gre^s, Guyett. Jennen and
McClaln were unable to complete their scores
In the fourth class and the shoot waa post
poned.
Racegoers will have a chance to fisrure
out mud-horses for the next few days. The
heavy rains of Saturday evening and yes
terday will make rich, miry, splashy gro
Ing for the "ponies." At both Oakland ami
Tanforan the cards are quite up to the
standard of weekday offerings.
Oakland Entries.
First race— Six and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
1973 San Aujrustine.lC21 2021 Summer 102
S049 Loving Cup 104 ! 2045 Juva 100
IC21 Melkarth 102! 1S76 Mas. Mitchell. .100
1260 Romany 102. 206S William F., 99
Second race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward: selling.
2C72 Rio Shannon. ..US' 2051 Xorford 120
2061 The Benedict. ..117 1434 Cromwell 124
2020 Rose of H11O...115
Third rare— Four furlonps; maiden two-year
olds: veiling
2046 Botany 103. 2058 Lento 10«
2'C7 Mike Murphy. .103 2546 Fred Attrbury.'lO7
20C3 Prestene 103 204S Monastic 103
Fourth race — One mile and a sixteenth;
three-year-olds and upward; selling'.
fJC23>Cas=take 109, 1044 Don Luis 106
<J009)Tom Calvert 106 1477 Gauntlet 109
<2CU4)Pat Morrtpsey..li>3i 2C5;. William Ack... SS
2073 Cue lfiR 2044 Mitten 100
(l»C3)Lena 107 1976 Flamero 106
<203S)Hercu!ean 10S> 2049 Rio Chieo 106
Fifth rare— Six and a half furlongs; three
year-olds and upward; handicap.
tOCI Good Hope 04;(lS!>2)Lennep Ui
2f>72 Beau Ormonde. 96; 2005 Phoenlssa SO
Sixth race— Five and a half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
1917 Clarando ll«!(2C32)Aluminum 120
OPSOGold Finder 116 j Ragtime 123
(2037)Mldlove IIS <lM>?)Alc Doupherty.114
2061 Miss Rowena.. .UK. 1754 Devereaux 116
CC6C)Mnaldo 120
Oakland Selections.
First race— Loving: Cirp. Summer, William F.
Second race— Norford, The Benedict, Rio
Shannon.
Third race — Mike Murphy. Prestene. Lento.
Fourth race — Pat Morrlssey, Herculean, Cas
take.
Fifth race— Lennep, Good Hope, Beau Or
monde.
Sixth race — Alice Dougherty, Miss Rowena,
Mid'
Cards Equal to the Average Week-
Day Offerings — I/ong Distance
Races Are Now in Favor
With Public.
Heavy Going at Both Oak
land and Tanforan Race
Courses.
MUDLARKS WILL
HAVE AN INNING
PEPPER TARGETS
AT SHELL MOUND
Schuelzen Societies and Na
tional Guard Companie3
on the Ranges.
Rain Does Not Dampen the Ardor
of the Marksmen Wlio Are
Training for July's Shoot
ing Festival.
»
In spite of the Inclement weather there
was a good attendance at Shell Mound
end some excellent Fhooting resulted. The
scores are as follows:
Companies C and G. First Regiment, Na
tional Guard of California, monthly shoot:
Sergeant F. J. Povey. 44; J. F. Norton. 42;
Corporal IV. B. Hund. 2S; Serjeant Grant. 42;
G. Northrop, 42; Serpeant W. Thompson, 42;
C. W. Mueller. 40; Corporal H. J. Musgrave,
40; G. Arney. T6; C. B. Harding, 42; R. Llppl.
42; Lieutenant Carson. 46; 6. Helnman. 27;
R. Krupunskj-. IS; G. L. Harvey. S3; C. Heln
man. SS; J. F. Cook, 35; C. R. Mclntoeh. 32;
H. P. Pris'.ey. 17; W. H. Hlefleld. U; Corporal
L. W. Grant, 46; Sercear.t McGllvery. SS; Cor
poral J. VT. Cobby. 40; L.. H. Barrieau. 21; A.
S=. Hatneld. 41; C. Dabney, 3?; Sergeant A. J.
McDonald. 42; J. E. Fl>-nn, 32; Corporal S. H.
Fteward. ~. n. D. Mclntosh. S8: H. W.
Mitchell, 42: .Cor7>oral J. W. Galbralth, 34;
Lieutenant P. J. Neuman. 33: J. W. Crompton.
20; Sernrpant W. F. fmfred. 42; Lieutenant
"VV. P. Grattan. C; lieutenant John Ross, 3S;
Crrporal J. W. Little, »; C. E. Sweeney, 40;
rhris Me^•er. 42; L. Ewers. 29; E. Tucker. 2S;
T.. Su:nohm. 8S; W.' 1Z. Johnson. 29; Corporal
J?. HopkJt*. 41; Renreant A. «. Kennedy, 42;
A. E. Andfreon. K; 3. C. Roberts, SI; Captain
Petty. &; Corporal F. J. Kane. 37; Lieutenant
J. Hjrcr. S2; C. B. Mun^er, 3«; H. H. Mitch
eU. 32.
The match shoot between the same two
companies for the monthly trophy was
won by Company C with a majority of
sever, points. The results were as follows:
200 300 500
C^rcpany C— yards, yards, yards.
C. Meyer 21 20 20
L. \v . Grant a lg 17
\V. F. Grant 21 18 12
F K. <~\arson SJ 1> 18
H. I. Musprave 20 11 21
\V. K. Tmfred 21 17 M
Ii 1). Mclntosh 13 12 16
A. W. McGilvery n» 1C 15
J. K. Rose 19 IS 10
V. E. Northrop 21 14 18
Total! ::: i6» 167
200 300 S00
Company G — yard*, yards, vartjs.
J K. Morton 21 12 IS
J. W. Cot. by 20 20 18
A. H. Anderson 21 21 11
F. I. Vovey 22 19 21 *
P. J. Neuman 19 19 9
\V. \V. Thompson 21 20 IS
K. S. Hatflfid 22 20 14
\\. S. r.rattan 21 19
P. H. Ftevrart 18 IS U
G. B. Harding 21 14 18
Totals... 205 1S2 136
Company F. First Infantry, National Guard,
monthly shoct:
200 300 500
yards, yards, yards.
P^rjreant T">c*cher 11 2 4
Nathan 17 15 8
captain Nippert 11 \\ \\
lieutenant Irving 20 17 19
\V. F. Moran 10 € 2
O C. Homer 3 0 0
<\iri*>ral 11 7 5
''orporal Cleveland IS 1$ M
\Y. Mai>an 12 10 IS
W. Vanr.a 0 0 0
K. A. Millican 18 8 S
!.<..•• T.ar.T .-urr» y 19 8 13
M. Prince 9 2 10
J. A. Kasnn W 18 20
<Yrporal <>hn 17 IS 10
J. Milled** 6 2 8
W. II. Homer S S 0
A. M. Samuels IS 9 12
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, semi
monthly medal shoot, rifle: Gold medal— C.
M. Henderson 22*. 221; J. F. Bridge* 217, 199;
Ft. Jonas 20Z. Handicap— A. B. Dorrell 21«; D.
\V. McLaushlin 2H. PiPtol— M. F. Blasse 77, 77;
W. F. I!lass« 7*.
Independent Rifles, monthly shoot— J. Dono
van. 30; Lieutenant E. Moennlng. SS: C. H.
Kornb*-ck. 42; Sergeant G. Mitchell. *t; F. J.
Bkowran. tO; J. H. Peck. 23: C. Iversens. 22:
«". K^llenberper. 3P: B. Hilken. IS; Sergeant
H. Kuhlke, 40: D. Steffetis, 14; H. Gaetjen, 33;
K. Helrrke. »?; Ferpeant C. Andrews, 41; Dr.
W. A. Ne!er<lierkF. 33.
Kan Francisco Schuetren Vereln, monthly
Fhrxit: CTiampton <-la*s— F. P. Schuster. 433;
first class — Not won; second class — Not won;
third class— Not won; fourth class. Dr. F. H.
Cranz. 36$; best first shot— L. Bendel, 24; best
lapt ehot— D. Salfield. 23.
Germanla Sv*huetsen Club, monthly medal
fhoct— Firot champion class— F. P. Schuster.
J1S; wcond champion -cla»f-— R. Stettin. 203;
first -class— J. P. Heine, 200; second class— D
Faifleld. IS!, third class— H. Schweiser. 144;
r*>Ft first shot— Z. Bendel, 24; best last shot—
I>. Falfield. 3.
Norddeutsrher Pohurtzen Club, monthly bnlln
«">"»— A. Mocker. 3S;; J. I>. Hetse. £33; W,
Olcnndnan. 600; n. Stettin. 631; F. C. Rust
7TC: W. ltr*>U, glfi; n. lUin.^ttr. R«- F P
PrhuFfr. s:*: Captain John Thode, 93S- D Pal
fl'M. 1105; John Peters, 1114; F. Koch. 1245-
J. Lankenau, 12C7.
Harbor View Record.
At Harbor View yesterday Al Gchret,
!n medal fhootlng', made a score of 432.
the record of the park. In the first class
J. Echeible was hlghwith.331; second class,
F. Suter, SS5;third class, Joe Furrer. 355.
Owing to the severity of t.e weather only
a part of the Empire Gun Club programme
was shot through yesterday at Alameds
Point.
The Yellowstone championship and
Schumacher handicap tropn events, as
well as a part of the fourth class in'ihc
club's money match, were postponed to
Sunday. March 24. when the club a^ain
Ehoots.
XV. A. Scaver did some very creditable
shooting, despite the weather condition*.
«r.d clipped ten pair of mud saucers with
out a miss over the Mrgru trap
The scores, so far as completed, follow
In detail:
Club champlonrtiln. diamond medal. 25-binJ
racr—rvb^nham 15. La Motte 17. Lambert 1J
L*wls 14, Firh 14. Cullen 17. Baird 1J, Wood 11.
"PLAY BALL!" WILL SOON BE THE CRY ON STATE LEAGUE DIAMONDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, WAiiUJtr 11, 1'JUl.
b*v& »P California Baseball League will begin the season's operation on March
" nPsislmuaneousiy in this city and Los Angeles. The local fanatics will
§ have tie opportunity to shout for the San Francisco nine In opposition to
ii t?e Sacramento team. In Los Armeies the southern representatives will
meet the Duues. The complete schedule Is as follows:
SCHEDULE OF THE GAMES
FOR BASEBALL SEASON
Sacramento and San Francisco Will Start
the Ball Rolling in This City.
MONDAY. MARCH 11.
TO SAIL.
6
- — ,
Date. San Francisco. Lo* Angeles, j Sacramento.
At
Oakland.
i — ¦ • • .
i . • l
March 31.. Sacramento vs. San Fran Oak and -
April 4... Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland !
April 5... Sacramento vs. han Iran Oak and -
April 6... Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
April 7... Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland j
April 11... Los Angeles vs. San Fran.... ° aM ,™*
April 12... Los Angeles vs. ban Fran.... ...» Oakland
April 13... Los Angeles vs. San Fran...., Oakland
April 14... Los Angeles vs. t-an Fran.... Oakland...
April 18... Los Angeles vs. Oakland *j a n Francisco.
April 19... Los Angeles vs. Oakland g an Francisco.
April 20... Los Angeles vs. Oakland.. ;San Francisco.
April 21... Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
April 25... San Ftan. vs. Oakland Lo3 Angeles
April 2«... San Fran. vs. Oakland J ., 'Los Anseles
April 27... San Fran. vs. Oakland | jLo3 Angeles...
April 23... San Fran. va. 'Oakland > Los Angeles...
May 2.... Sacramento vs. Oakland g an Francisco... j
May 3.... Sacramento V3. Oakland San Francisco... j
May 4 Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco...
May 5 Sacramento vs.. Oakland San Francisco...'
May 9.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento ;
May 19.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento j
May 11.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
May 12.... San Fran. vb. Oakland Sacramento
May 16 Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
May 17.... Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
May 18 Sacramento vs. Sun Fran Oakland j
May 19 Sacramenta vs. fc'an Fran Oakland I
May 23 Los Angeles vs. Oakland 1 San Francisco.
May 24.... Los Angeles va. Oakland San Francisco.
May 25 Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
May 26 Los Angeles vs. Oaklsni «J 3 n Francisco.
May 30.... San Fran. vs. Los Angeles.... ; Oakland
May 31.... San Fran. V3. Los Anseles.... Oakland
June 1.... San Fran. vs. Los Angeles Oakland
June 2 San Fran. vs. Los Angele3 Oakland
June 6.... San Fran. va. Oakland i jO s Angeles —
Juno 7.... San Fran. vs. Oakland , Los Angeles...
June 8.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles....
June 9.... San Fran. vs. Oakland I L03 Angeles...
June 13 Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco. ..
Jun« 14...*|Sacramcnto vs». Oakland I San Francisco...
June 15.... Sacramento vs. Oakland jsfcn Francisco...
June 18.... Sacramento vs. Oakland I San Francisco...
June 20.... Oakland vs. San Fran [Sacramento
June 21 Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
June 22 Oakland .vs. San Fran •. . ..|Sacramcnto
June 23.... Oakland vs. San Fran (Sacramento
June 27.... Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
June 28 Sacrampnto vs. San Fran Oakland
June 23.... Sacramento vs. San Fran..... Oakland !
June SO.... Sacramento vs. San Fran.*.... Oakland j
July 4 San Fran. vs. Los Angeles Oakland
July 5.... San Fran. vs. Los Angeles Oakland
July 6.... San Fran. vs. Los Angeles ,Oakland
July 7.... San Fran.' vs. Lo? Angele3 Oakland
July 11 Oakland vs. Los Angeles San F"ranclsco.
July 12 Oakland vs. Los Angeles San Francisco.
July 13 Oakland vs. I^os Angeles !?an Francisco.
July 14.... Oakland vs. Los Angeles....'.. ..; 'San Francisco.
July 18 San Fran. vs. Oakland.. 'Los Angeles
July 19.... San Fran. vs. Oakland ! Lf>3 Angeles
July 20 San Fran. vs. Oakland 'Los Angeles
July 21 San Fran. vs. Oakland ; Los Angeles
July 23.... Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco... [
July 26.... Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco....'
July 27 Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco — '
July 18.... Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco — I
Aug. 1.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Aug. 2.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Aug. 3 San Fran. vs. Oakland .Sacramento
Aug. 4.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Aug. 8.... San Fran. vs. Sacramento.... Oakland
Aug. 9.... San Fran. vs. Sacramento — Oakland
Aug. 10 San Fran. vs. Sacramento Oakland
>ug. 11 San Fran. vs. Sacramento Oakland
Aug. 15 Los Angeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Aug. I 1 *.... Los Angeles vs. San Fran ,Oakland
Aug. 17.... Los Angeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Aug. 18.... L09 Angele3 vs. San Fran 'Oakland
Aug. 22.... Los Angeles vs. Oakland ..........jSan Francisco.
Aug. 23.... Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Aug. 24 Los Angeles va. Oakland San Francisco.
Aug. 25.... Los Angeles vs. Oakland iSan Francisco.
Aug. 29.... San Fran. vs. Oakland....- Los Angeles
Aug. 30 ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles
Aug. 31 ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles
Sept. 1... San Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles....
Sept. 5... Oakland vs. Sacramento San Francisco
Sept. 6... Oakland vs. Sacramento San Francisco..,
Sept. 7... Oakland, vs. Sacramento San Francisco
Sept. S... Oakland vs. Sacramento San Francisco
Sept. 9... Oakland vs. Sacramento San Francisco
Sept. 12... Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
Sept. 13... Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
Sept. 14... Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
Sept. 15...|Oakland vs. San Fran Saoramento
Sept. 19. ..{San Fran. vs. Sacramento.... Oakland -
Sept. 20. ..ISan Fran. vs. Sacramento.... Oakland
Sept. 21...jsan Fran. vs. Sacramento.... Oakland
Sept. 22... San Fran. vs. Sacramento....- Oakland
Sept. 26... Los Angele3 vs. San Fran - Oakland
Sept. 27... Los A'ngeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Sept. 2S... Los Angeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Sept. 29... Los Angeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Oct. 3 Loa Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Oct. 4 Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Oct. 5 Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Oct. 8 Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Oct. 7 (Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Oct. 10 ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles —
Oct. 11 San .Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles...,
Oct. 12 San Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles....
Oct. 13 ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles —
Oct. 17 Sacramento vs. Oakland Pan Francisco
Oct. 18 (Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco
Oct. 19 Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco
Oct. 20 ISacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco
Oct. 24 'San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Oct. 23 ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Oct. 26 ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Oct. 27.... ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Oct. 31 ISacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
Nov. 1.... ISacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
Nov. 2.... Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
Nov. 3.. ..ISacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
Nov.- ".... Los Angeles-vs. San Fran.... iOakland
Nov. 8....ILOS Angeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Nov. 9....lLos Angeles vs. San Fran.... Oakland
Nov. 10....|Los Angeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Nov. 14....|Lo* Angeles vs. Oakland s »n Francisco.
Nov. l5....|Los Angeles vs. Oakland s »« Francisco.,
Nov. 16....|Los Angeles vs. Oakland **an Francisco..
Nov. 17.... Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco..
Nov. 21.... Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento.... -
Nov. 22 Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
Nov. 23.. ..IOakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
Nov. 24.... IOakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
Nov. 28.... ISacramento \r. Oakland San Francisco
Nov. 29.... ISacramento vs. Oakland ... San Francisco
Nov. 30.... I Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco
Dec. 1.... ISacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco
.J
.. I Sac. vs. San Fran.
. - ¦! lV A. vs. San Fran.
.. L. A. vs. Oakland.
..'3. F. vs. 6akia.n<t
.. Sac. vs. Oakland.
..'s. F. vs. Oakland.
..I
..iSac. vs. San Fran.
. .. L. A. vs. Oakland.
"* j
. . jSan Fran. vs. L. A.
'. ! S. F. vs. Oakland!
..j
..iSac. v». Oakland.
•!••;
¦"i ~ IITIIIIZ
.'. Oakland vs. S. F.
't!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
. .;Sac. vs. San Fran.
.. I
'.' I San Fran. vs. L. A.*
,'. j !.!."!! II
.. Oakland vs. L. A.
i..
.j _
..;S. F. vs. Oakland.
"j ' ""*
..ISac. vs. Oakland.
.Js. F. ys. Oakland.
i
.. San Fran va. Sac
,4
. I,. A. vs. San Fran.
. L. A. vs. Oakland.
I.iS. F. vs. Oakland. "
.. Oakland vs. Sac.
.. Oakland vs. S. F.
.. San Fran. vs. Sac
. . il A. ts. San Fran.
. ..:!*. A. v». Oakland.
"j
J".'.'..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.
! ! S." F." Vs.' Oakland!
.. Sac. ts. Oakland.
!! S.'f.'Vs; Oakland!"**
.. Sac. vs. San Fran.
. L. A. vs. San Fran.
J LV a! vs-'oakliind.'
," "II
'! Oakland Vs.'s.'f".""
.. Sac. vs. Oakland! "**
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Mar. 11
Australia...... Tahiti ....;........ Mar. 11
Eureka-. Humboldt : Mar. 11
Columbia Portland . and Astoria.. Mar.' II
ProgreBO. ....... Tacoma Mar. 11
Chico Ttllamook Bay.......:... Mar. 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 12
Leelanaw...... Seattle Mar. 12
Titanla. ........ Nanalmo ................ Mar. 12
Pomona.. ...... Humboldt .....".. Mar. 12
Newport Panama t Way Ports. Mar. 12
Empire.........! Coos Bay.....—— — ~UM«*. &
Afgo iCoqullle River. Mar 13
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 13
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Mar. 13
Mariposa Honolulu Mar. 11
Corona Newport Mar. 13
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Port Mar. 13
\\ashtenaw Tacorrta Mar 13
£°« e City San Diego Mar. 13
Root Dollar... Seattle lifar. 13
Rainier San Pedro Mar. 13
Point Arena... Point Arena Mar.lt
Santa Rosa San Diego i Mar. 14
«/«<*«» Seattle 2 Mar. 14
w. H. Kruger.. Ttllamook Bay Mar. 14
Mandalay....... Coqullle River Mar. 14
A/Kyle New York via Panama Mar. li
City of Peking. China and Japan Ma* It
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 13
Santa Barbara. San Pedro Mar. 15
Kvarven Japan via San Diego.. Mar. 18
G. W. Elder.... I Portland and Astoria.. IMar. 16
Steamer. I
Destination.
ISails.i Pier.
xr v March 11.
f^T^Ji* Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 3
£*n Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
March 12.
Eureka.. Humboldt & am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Fu«ret Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Czarina.... .. Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 m Pier S
Alex. Duncan Santa Cruz 9 am Pier li
March 13.
Australia..... Tahiti 4 pm Pi er T
Quwn.. ....... san Dt* K o » am Pier li
G'are Dollar. Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
En) P lr « Coos Bay 10 am Her 15
March 14.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Aatoria & Portland 11 am Pier <> 4
Rainier Seattle & N. Wtat. 10 am Pier "t
Argo.. Coqullle ' River 4 pm Pier 2
Nome City.... Humboldt - 10 am Pier 2
March IS. . |
Arcata... Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Amer. Maru. China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
Corona....... Newport 9 am Pier 11
Mnrch 16.
Marlposa Honolulu !
Coronado Grays Harbor ..
Mandalay.... Coqullle River ..
Pofnt Arena. Point Arena
Santa Barbar Seattle direct
. . . 2 pm Pier T
Pier —
Pier —
. .. 2 pm Pier 2
IPler 3
Sun risen g-j7
s; an »eu» "..."¦.".!!!".'.!«:u
Moon rises 0:00 a. m..
? T>m< Tlme I Time Time
? H W L. W H W " ti W
11 ... 1:43 5.0 9:40 0.9 4:43 3.J 9:11 3 9
12 ... 3:28 5.0 10:40 0.S 5:57 4.0 10:12 3.1
12... -4:19 5.0 11:41 #.7 7:03 4.1 11:31 3.3
14 ... 5:21 ¦ 4.» 12:40 0.5 8:00 4.4
• L. W H W " L W H W
15... 0:44 J.O «:34 5.0 1:34 0.3 8:43 4.T
16... 1:431 2.«| 7:40! 5.2 2:!5| 0.2! 9:23 5 0
17 ... 2:38| 2.0| 8:42| 5.4| 3:lfl| 0.1| 10:00| 5.3
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Mar. 11
Australia...... Tahiti ....;........ Mar. 11
Eureka-. Humboldt : Mar. 11
Columbia Portland . and Astoria.. Mar.' II
ProgreBO. ....... Tacoma Mar. 11
Chico Ttllamook Bay.......:... Mar. 12
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar. 12
Leelanaw...... Seattle Mar. 12
Titanla. ........ Nanalmo ................ Mar. 12
Pomona.. ...... Humboldt .....".. Mar. 12
Newport Panama t Way Ports. Mar. 12
Empire.........! Coos Bay.....—— — ~UM«*. &
Steamer. I
Destination.
ISails.i Pier.
xr v March 11.
f^T^Ji* Grays Harbor 5 pm Pier 3
£*n Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
March 12.
Eureka.. Humboldt & am Pier 13
State of Cal.. Fu«ret Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Czarina.... .. Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 m Pier S
Alex. Duncan Santa Cruz 9 am Pier li
March 13.
Australia..... Tahiti 4 pm Pi er T
Quwn.. ....... san Dt* K o » am Pier li
G'are Dollar. Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
En) P lr « Coos Bay 10 am Her 15
March 14.
Pomona Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Columbia Aatoria & Portland 11 am Pier <> 4
Rainier Seattle & N. Wtat. 10 am Pier "t
Argo.. Coqullle ' River 4 pm Pier 2
Nome City.... Humboldt - 10 am Pier 2
March IS. . |
Arcata... Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Amer. Maru. China and Japan... 1 pm PMSS
Corona....... Newport 9 am Pier 11
Mnrch 16.
Marlposa Honolulu !
Coronado Grays Harbor ..
Mandalay.... Coqullle River ..
Pofnt Arena. Point Arena
Santa Barbar Seattle direct
. . . 2 pm Pier T
Pier —
Pier —
. .. 2 pm Pier 2
IPler 3
Afgo iCoqullle River. Mar 13
Arcata Coos Bay Mar. 13
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports Mar. 13
Mariposa Honolulu Mar. 11
Corona Newport Mar. 13
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Port Mar. 13
\\ashtenaw Tacorrta Mar 13
£°« e City San Diego Mar. 13
Root Dollar... Seattle lifar. 13
Rainier San Pedro Mar. 13
Point Arena... Point Arena Mar.lt
Santa Rosa San Diego i Mar. 14
«/«<*«» Seattle 2 Mar. 14
w. H. Kruger.. Ttllamook Bay Mar. 14
Mandalay....... Coqullle River Mar. 14
A/Kyle New York via Panama Mar. li
City of Peking. China and Japan Ma* It
North Fork Humboldt Mar. 13
Santa Barbara. San Pedro Mar. 15
Kvarven Japan via San Diego.. Mar. 18
G. W. Elder.... I Portland and Astoria.. IMar. 16
- — ,
Date. San Francisco. Lo* Angeles, j Sacramento.
At
Oakland.
i — ¦ • • .
i . • l
March 31.. Sacramento vs. San Fran Oak and -
April 4... Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland !
April 5... Sacramento vs. han Iran Oak and -
April 6... Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
April 7... Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland j
April 11... Los Angeles vs. San Fran.... ° aM ,™*
April 12... Los Angeles vs. ban Fran.... ...» Oakland
April 13... Los Angeles vs. San Fran...., Oakland
April 14... Los Angeles vs. t-an Fran.... Oakland...
April 18... Los Angeles vs. Oakland *j a n Francisco.
April 19... Los Angeles vs. Oakland g an Francisco.
April 20... Los Angeles vs. Oakland.. ;San Francisco.
April 21... Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
April 25... San Ftan. vs. Oakland Lo3 Angeles
April 2«... San Fran. vs. Oakland J ., 'Los Anseles
April 27... San Fran. vs. Oakland | jLo3 Angeles...
April 23... San Fran. va. 'Oakland > Los Angeles...
May 2.... Sacramento vs. Oakland g an Francisco... j
May 3.... Sacramento V3. Oakland San Francisco... j
May 4 Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco...
May 5 Sacramento vs.. Oakland San Francisco...'
May 9.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento ;
May 19.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento j
May 11.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
May 12.... San Fran. vb. Oakland Sacramento
May 16 Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
May 17.... Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
May 18 Sacramento vs. Sun Fran Oakland j
May 19 Sacramenta vs. fc'an Fran Oakland I
May 23 Los Angeles vs. Oakland 1 San Francisco.
May 24.... Los Angeles va. Oakland San Francisco.
May 25 Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
May 26 Los Angeles vs. Oaklsni «J 3 n Francisco.
May 30.... San Fran. vs. Los Angeles.... ; Oakland
May 31.... San Fran. V3. Los Anseles.... Oakland
June 1.... San Fran. vs. Los Angeles Oakland
June 2 San Fran. vs. Los Angele3 Oakland
June 6.... San Fran. va. Oakland i jO s Angeles —
Juno 7.... San Fran. vs. Oakland , Los Angeles...
June 8.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles....
June 9.... San Fran. vs. Oakland I L03 Angeles...
June 13 Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco. ..
Jun« 14...*|Sacramcnto vs». Oakland I San Francisco...
June 15.... Sacramento vs. Oakland jsfcn Francisco...
June 18.... Sacramento vs. Oakland I San Francisco...
June 20.... Oakland vs. San Fran [Sacramento
June 21 Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
June 22 Oakland .vs. San Fran •. . ..|Sacramcnto
June 23.... Oakland vs. San Fran (Sacramento
June 27.... Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
June 28 Sacrampnto vs. San Fran Oakland
June 23.... Sacramento vs. San Fran..... Oakland !
June SO.... Sacramento vs. San Fran.*.... Oakland j
July 4 San Fran. vs. Los Angeles Oakland
July 5.... San Fran. vs. Los Angeles Oakland
July 6.... San Fran. vs. Los Angeles ,Oakland
July 7.... San Fran.' vs. Lo? Angele3 Oakland
July 11 Oakland vs. Los Angeles San F"ranclsco.
July 12 Oakland vs. Los Angeles San Francisco.
July 13 Oakland vs. I^os Angeles !?an Francisco.
July 14.... Oakland vs. Los Angeles....'.. ..; 'San Francisco.
July 18 San Fran. vs. Oakland.. 'Los Angeles
July 19.... San Fran. vs. Oakland ! Lf>3 Angeles
July 20 San Fran. vs. Oakland 'Los Angeles
July 21 San Fran. vs. Oakland ; Los Angeles
July 23.... Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco... [
July 26.... Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco....'
July 27 Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco — '
July 18.... Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco — I
Aug. 1.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Aug. 2.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Aug. 3 San Fran. vs. Oakland .Sacramento
Aug. 4.... San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Aug. 8.... San Fran. vs. Sacramento.... Oakland
Aug. 9.... San Fran. vs. Sacramento — Oakland
Aug. 10 San Fran. vs. Sacramento Oakland
>ug. 11 San Fran. vs. Sacramento Oakland
Aug. 15 Los Angeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Aug. I 1 *.... Los Angeles vs. San Fran ,Oakland
Aug. 17.... Los Angeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Aug. 18.... L09 Angele3 vs. San Fran 'Oakland
Aug. 22.... Los Angeles vs. Oakland ..........jSan Francisco.
Aug. 23.... Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Aug. 24 Los Angeles va. Oakland San Francisco.
Aug. 25.... Los Angeles vs. Oakland iSan Francisco.
Aug. 29.... San Fran. vs. Oakland....- Los Angeles
Aug. 30 ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles
Aug. 31 ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles
Sept. 1... San Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles....
Sept. 5... Oakland vs. Sacramento San Francisco
Sept. 6... Oakland vs. Sacramento San Francisco..,
Sept. 7... Oakland, vs. Sacramento San Francisco
Sept. S... Oakland vs. Sacramento San Francisco
Sept. 9... Oakland vs. Sacramento San Francisco
Sept. 12... Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
Sept. 13... Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
Sept. 14... Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
Sept. 15...|Oakland vs. San Fran Saoramento
Sept. 19. ..{San Fran. vs. Sacramento.... Oakland -
Sept. 20. ..ISan Fran. vs. Sacramento.... Oakland
Sept. 21...jsan Fran. vs. Sacramento.... Oakland
Sept. 22... San Fran. vs. Sacramento....- Oakland
Sept. 26... Los Angele3 vs. San Fran - Oakland
Sept. 27... Los A'ngeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Sept. 2S... Los Angeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Sept. 29... Los Angeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Oct. 3 Loa Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Oct. 4 Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Oct. 5 Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Oct. 8 Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Oct. 7 (Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco.
Oct. 10 ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles —
Oct. 11 San .Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles...,
Oct. 12 San Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles....
Oct. 13 ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Los Angeles —
Oct. 17 Sacramento vs. Oakland Pan Francisco
Oct. 18 (Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco
Oct. 19 Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco
Oct. 20 ISacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco
Oct. 24 'San Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Oct. 23 ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Oct. 26 ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Oct. 27.... ISan Fran. vs. Oakland Sacramento
Oct. 31 ISacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
Nov. 1.... ISacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
Nov. 2.... Sacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
Nov. 3.. ..ISacramento vs. San Fran Oakland
Nov.- ".... Los Angeles-vs. San Fran.... iOakland
Nov. 8....ILOS Angeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Nov. 9....lLos Angeles vs. San Fran.... Oakland
Nov. 10....|Los Angeles vs. San Fran Oakland
Nov. 14....|Lo* Angeles vs. Oakland s »n Francisco.
Nov. l5....|Los Angeles vs. Oakland s »« Francisco.,
Nov. 16....|Los Angeles vs. Oakland **an Francisco..
Nov. 17.... Los Angeles vs. Oakland San Francisco..
Nov. 21.... Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento.... -
Nov. 22 Oakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
Nov. 23.. ..IOakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
Nov. 24.... IOakland vs. San Fran Sacramento
Nov. 28.... ISacramento \r. Oakland San Francisco
Nov. 29.... ISacramento vs. Oakland ... San Francisco
Nov. 30.... I Sacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco
Dec. 1.... ISacramento vs. Oakland San Francisco
.J
.. I Sac. vs. San Fran.
. - ¦! lV A. vs. San Fran.
.. L. A. vs. Oakland.
..'3. F. vs. 6akia.n<t
.. Sac. vs. Oakland.
..'s. F. vs. Oakland.
..I
..iSac. vs. San Fran.
. .. L. A. vs. Oakland.
"* j
. . jSan Fran. vs. L. A.
'. ! S. F. vs. Oakland!
..j
..iSac. v». Oakland.
•!••;
¦"i ~ IITIIIIZ
.'. Oakland vs. S. F.
't!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
. .;Sac. vs. San Fran.
.. I
'.' I San Fran. vs. L. A.*
,'. j !.!."!! II
.. Oakland vs. L. A.
i..
.j _
..;S. F. vs. Oakland.
"j ' ""*
..ISac. vs. Oakland.
.Js. F. ys. Oakland.
i
.. San Fran va. Sac
,4
. I,. A. vs. San Fran.
. L. A. vs. Oakland.
I.iS. F. vs. Oakland. "
.. Oakland vs. Sac.
.. Oakland vs. S. F.
.. San Fran. vs. Sac
. . il A. ts. San Fran.
. ..:!*. A. v». Oakland.
"j
J".'.'..'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.
! ! S." F." Vs.' Oakland!
.. Sac. ts. Oakland.
!! S.'f.'Vs; Oakland!"**
.. Sac. vs. San Fran.
. L. A. vs. San Fran.
J LV a! vs-'oakliind.'
," "II
'! Oakland Vs.'s.'f".""
.. Sac. vs. Oakland! "**
Sun risen g-j7
s; an »eu» "..."¦.".!!!".'.!«:u
Moon rises 0:00 a. m..
? T>m< Tlme I Time Time
? H W L. W H W " ti W
11 ... 1:43 5.0 9:40 0.9 4:43 3.J 9:11 3 9
12 ... 3:28 5.0 10:40 0.S 5:57 4.0 10:12 3.1
12... -4:19 5.0 11:41 #.7 7:03 4.1 11:31 3.3
14 ... 5:21 ¦ 4.» 12:40 0.5 8:00 4.4
• L. W H W " L W H W
15... 0:44 J.O «:34 5.0 1:34 0.3 8:43 4.T
16... 1:431 2.«| 7:40! 5.2 2:!5| 0.2! 9:23 5 0
17 ... 2:38| 2.0| 8:42| 5.4| 3:lfl| 0.1| 10:00| 5.3Pyrography outfit*.. eheepsklns and
Jtncy woods for burnlnc: cameras, albums
and books on photography In artiatB' ma
terial department. Sanborn, Vail & Co.,
J41 Marke* «t. •
FELL. T>OTVN A HAT< HWAT.— J. A. N>N
f,n while vlFitinjr a friend on the oyster boat
I>Hrl!ng yesterday, fell down the hatchway,
a <5tfUr.ee cf ten feet, and euftained injuries
which «•*•!•» treated et the Receiving Hospital
t, y Dr. Malaby. No bones were broken, but In
ternal injuries »re feared.
SKULL PROBABLY FnACTritED.—Wil
liam Darin araa fnuml on the rldew&lk at
Market snd New Montgomery street* yester
day mornin* at fi:30 oVlock and tak-n to the
Reoeivlr.g- Hoepltjl. Dr. Bunnell was uneer
ttln whether he had received a fracture of
the rku!I or not Davis was considerably un
der the Influence of liquor and unable to rive
un account of hlmfelf or wbere he had been
the nlcht before. He was hejd for observation.
ACCZDENTAL>LV SHOT.— Adar Brown, a
bey ogti Jl yean, residing on Utah etreet.
borrowed an air pun with which to kill a
\ir1ous dog. Just as he fired little George
Kel!y eired S year*, ran In front of the gun
«nd received the shot In the scalp, which
wa« probed for at the Receiving- Hospjtal by
Dr. Mal&hy. bt:t not found. Brown was locked
up en the charge ef battery.
BRIEF LOCAL NEWS.
Robert Roberts' was arrested last night
end charjred at the City Prison with petty
larceny and exhibiting a df-adly weapon.
H*» entered a Chinese store on Stockton
Ftreet near Jackson, picked up a lady's
F'lk Fkirt and started to walk oft with it.
When he was stopped by the proprietor he
drew a pistol and used it in a threatening
manner.
Petty Larcenist Arrested.
RICHMOND, Va., March 10.— President
John S. Williams, when asked to-day re
garding the report published" in a New
York newspaper that the Seaboard Air
line system has been purchased by Au
gust Belmont and the Rothschilds, said:
••The report that a controlling interest
In the Seaboard Airline system has beeo
purchased by parties allied to the Louis
ville and Nashville or any other system
is without foundation."
m
William's Wound Is Healing.
BERLIN. March 10.— Emperor William's
wound la healing, the swelling of the eye
lids is subsiding and his Majesty's general
condition Is satisfactory.
STORY OF SEABOARD AIR
LUXE PURCHASE TJNTRUE
NEW YORK. March 10.— John G. Lyman
to-night sent out a statement explaining
in detail hia connection with the Interna
tional Zinc Company, owning mines at
Joplln. Mo., which recently passed into
the hands of a receiver. Mr. Lyman, after
reviewing the formation of the firm of
Joshua Brown & Co., said that the wind
ing up of the affairs of Joshua Brown &
Co and the closing of their office
last December was fiirectly due to their
own heavy investments in the Bhares of
the International Zinc Company and
losses in connection with the same. He
claims that the reported earnings of the
mires were carefully examined by a firm
of chartered accountants and certified as
correct He also asserts that every dol
lar which should have gone to the Inter
national Zinc Company was paid to it.
In conclusion, he cites the fact that when
the comnany was brought out zinc sold
at a price yielding $10 per ton profit,
whereas It now barely yields $2. a decline
so serious that none but the most favored
companies have been able to survive.
LYMAN BLAMES ZINC'S
DECLINE FOR COLLAPSE
The Maccabean Club gave an entertain
ment last night in Native Sons' Hall. A
clover farce, and numerous specialties
¦vore devcriy rendered by the following:
L*-o Vishoot. Herman Bauer. Joseph
Oreene <*harlps Greene. Joseph Samuel, I.
Hcrris Hebrew Orphan Asylum band.
Kdlin and Coliett. Mirs M. Schneider. Pro
f*»s»or Mackenzie. J. Harris. P. Lyons and
MIes J. Cohen.
1O.CCABEAN CLUB GIVES
CLEVER PERFORMANCE
A lecture was delivered last night in
Golden Gate Hall by Professor Knox.
mental scientist. The hall was comfort
ably filled by in audience which liberally
annlauded the remarks of the professor.
Mrs. Clara Foltz also spoke.
Mental Scientist Lectures.
The annual meeting of the Mechanics'
Institute was held Saturday night. The
election of officers for the ensuing year re
sulted as follows: President, S. C. Irving;
vice president. R. J. Tausslg: recording
secretary. J. K. Cosgrave; corresponding
secretary. G. H. Wallis; treasurer. First
National Bank of San Francisco. A sug
gestion was offered that an attempt be
made to combine the Mechanics' Institute
with the Mercantile Library, but the ques
tion was indefinitely postponed. Amend
ments with a view to a comparatively
cheap life membership were defeated.
Mechanics' Institute Meeting
The first annual ball of Hackmens
Vcion. Local No. 22;, was given at Odd
Fellows' Hall Saturday night, and despite
the rainstorm there was a large attend
ance. While the union has only been in ex
istence seven months It has a membership
Of 450 ar.d is one of the FtrongeM organ
izations affiliated wt'h the Labor Council
and State Federation of Labor. The
guests who braved the rainstorm passed a
most enjoyable evening and great credit
Is due the following members of the com
mittee of arrangements: William Beatty
'chairman >. A. Sullivan. II. Coyle. John
Hoc. John Howling. William MeLaughlin
Jr John Manning. William O'Kane and
M. Kelley. J. Roe acted as floor manager
«nd was' assisted by J. Dowilng. C Mc
<ireavy 1> MoL/aufililln. Edward Dough
erty Edward McL-<ughlin. H. Donohuo.
Jarr'es Bowlen. I). lioyle. William Plnte.
William Mclaughlin Sr.. William Michel
pon. Thomas Martin. R. Dowilng. A
Mayers and J. Ahcrn.
HACXMZN AND FRIENDS
ENJOY A SOCIAL DANCE
GREAT ARCHES 3K) SPAN
STREETS OF SAN JOSE
Preparations for the McKinley Car
nival of Hoses Go Forward
Apace.
SAN JOSE. March 10.— The official an
nouncement of President McKinley's visit
to the coast, received In the dispatches
yesterday, has given a great Impetus to
the work of preparation for the carnival
of roses which is to greet the chief execu
tive upon his arrival in San Jose. At a
meeting of the general committee last
night plans for the great arches which
will span Santa Clara, First and Market
streets were presented by the leading ar
chitects of the city. An arch made from
twelve tons of the largest size prunes, to
cross First street at St. James Park, Is
under consideration, and the Cured Fruit
Association has been asked to contribute
the necessary amount of fruit.
Adolph Greenlnger, director general,
will hereafter devote his entire time to the
carnival. He is a prominent merchant of
this city and a Republican of the old
school. His pleasure, at the visit of tho
President to San Jose Is such that he has
decided to put his own business interests
aside and bend all his energies to mak
ing the reception a notable and Interest
ing event.
Mayor Martin announced the following
names of ladies who will compose a
committee to take charge of the St.
James Park decorations:
Mrs. B. O. Smith, San Jose: Mrs. "VT. C.
Kennedy San Jose: Mrs. A. P. Hill. San Jose.;
Mrs A. T. Herrmann, San Jose: Mm. H. D.
Matthews, San. Jose; Mrs. Addle Prink, San
Jose: Mrs. Henry Booksin, San Jose; Miss
Edith Lantz. Evergreen; Mrs. Noble T. BIddle.
Fast San Jose; Mrs. Charles Fleming, San
Jose- Mis« Maud Nourse, San Jose; Mrs. Sid
ney J Yard. San Jose;' Mrs. Robert Syer,
Orchard- Mrs. Jonathan Swelgert, San Jose;
Miss Florence Clayton. San Jose; Mrs. J. H.
Henry Alameda avenue; Mrs. W. W. Turney.
Campbell: Mrs. Stephen A. Jones. College
Park; Mrs. Laura Delaney, Willow Glen; Mrs.
T Benton Dawson, Lawrene; Mrs. Jennie
Snun'ders. West Side; Mrs. C. C. Morse, Santa
Clara" Miss Jennie Farwell. Saratoga; Mrs.
Khen C. Farley, Los Gatos; Mrs. Fred Cottle.
Mllpltas:- Mrs. S. • H. Cloud, Cupertino; Mrs.
Dr E. H. Samuels. Mayfleld; Mrs. Mary J.
Gates, Mountain View: Mrs. R. R. Bulmore.
Vnlon; Miss Nettle Whltehurst. Gllroy; Mrs.
Dr. J. T. HIgglnsJ Morgan Hill.
Countess von Schlieber Free. *
BERLIN, March" 10.— The , trial of
Countess von Schlieber, accused of hav
ing set fire to her own villa In order to ob
tain the insurance money, wheih begai
Friday, ended at 2:30 this morning in a
verdict of acquittal. The Countess was
immediately liberated. . .
Broker Shoots Himself.
MEMPHlfe.Tenn., March 10.— A. W. Minn,
a well-known broker, committed suldds
this afternoon by . shooting himself
through the heart -while- in a delirious
state brought on by sickness.
Universal Brotherhood.
The regular monthly entertainment of
the Universal Brotherhood Organization
and Theosophlcal Society In America last
night at 310 O'Farrell street attracted a
large audience. The entertainment was
furnished by. Ida" F. Leonard, Flora Raw,
Miss Florence Walberg. Dr. Jerome A.
Anderson ' Mr. Somers. Dr. Griffiths,- Mr.
Monges, Mr. Cahn, Mr. Robinson, Mr.
Ebbets, Mrs. Somers, Mrs. Fountain, Misg
Ivy Anderson. Miss Jessie Anderson, Misi
Douglas and Miss Alexander.
The educated sealions. under the direc
tion of Professor Winston, certainly show
more intelligence than any of their species
ever performing here before. They do
not talk, but they almost give songs and
dances. Master George Setter, who com
bines elephant training with driving a
four-ponied chariot, also has the only
pure white pony performing and he puts
him through extraordinary performances.
The show Is an interesting one and dur
ing the rain many spectators wondered
how it could exist under canvas, but the
explanation was vouchsafed by the man
agement that as no ducks are carried it is
utterly safe.
Next Mondav the show begins tent
work, winding up in New York.
RAILROAD EMPLOYES
MUST SHT7N LIQTJOR
Sensation Caused by the Issuance of
an Order by the Chicago Great
Western.
DUBUQUE, la,. March 10.— The super
intendent of the Dubunue division of the
Chicago Great Western Railroad has is
sued, a sweeping order to employes which
has caused a sensation. In effect it pro
hibits them from using intoxicating
liquor in any form, or at any time. It ap
plies to trainmen, station agents, foremen
and others who hold responsible position;*
with the .company. It prohibits them from
entering saloons or using liquor, whether
on or off duty, and the penalty for any
violatlon of this rule is immediate dis
charge of the offender.
The order also commands all employes
to pay their honest debts, and any failure
to do so will cause their Immediate dis
charge unless a reasonable excuse can
be given. .
DENIES THAT HE IS TvrATt/RTpp
Husband's Defense in a San Diego
Divorce Case.
SAN DIEGO. March 10.— Robert H. Rid
ley, a fireman on the steamer St. Denla,
makes a peculiar plea in a divorce suit
commenced by his wife. He has been
living with the plaintiff for twelve years,
and they have two children, a boy and n
girl, but he asserts that there never was
any marriage— no ceremony, no contract
a-id not even a verbal agreement. ( He
declares that at the time they began liv
ing together, when the plaintiff claims tha
marriage took place, he was 17 years of
age and she was 29.
The hearing yesterday was on motion of
Slaintiff for expenses and alimony and
udge Torrance awarded her $22 50 per
month, which is half of Ridley's monthly
wages. •
ALL-CALIFORNTAS WINNERS.
Sensations in Los Angeles
Extra Inning Game Fraught With
LOS ANGELES, March 10.— Another ex
tra-inning game was provided for the
baseball patrons at Washington Gardens
this afternoon. It was as sensational as
the contest of a week ago, although the
game did not end with a drive over the
fence. The home run hit was much in evi
dence, just the same, but by way of va
riety it was made In the opening instead
of the closing Inning. The score was 7 to
6 in favor of the All-Calif ornlas. Score:
R. H. E.
.Easterners o s 4
All-California : 7 7 5
Batteries— Taylor and 'Works; Harvey and
Lohman. Umpire— Earley.
Results at Sutro Baths.
' The results of the swimming and diving
contests at Sutro Baths yesterday were as
follows:
Fifty-yard dash— T. Sundberg, E. Mc-
Kenzle; under- water swimming— J. Mul
len, D. Rollins: tub race— P. Rezert. J.
Johnson. F. Multen; 100-yard race (ama
teurs) — J. Clough, r>. Sullivan; trick and
fancy springboard dlv<nir — W. Carroll, F.
Clough; high diving (for boys)— W. Stock
ton, C. Augustus.
MARSEILLES, March 11.— A number of
the dock strikers have voted for a ces
sation of the strike in consequence of the
damage to tho Interests of the port.
Vote to Cease Dock Strike.
toss small boys around the ring, went on
complacently with his work.
The small boy was rescued from hla
perilous position and Norrls & Rowe's big
trained animal show went on without fur
ther Interruption.
STOCKTON LAD ATTEMPTS
MURDER WITH A DIRK
Young Cousins Engage in a Quarrel
and a Cutting Affray Is the
Outcome.
STOCKTON. March 10.— Arthur Avey
stabbed John Collins with a dirk last
evening during a quarrel. The boys are
cousins and a sister of Collins is staying
with Mrs. Avey. Yesterday, according to
a statement of one of the lads, Walter
Avey struck one of the Collins boys with
a piece of Iron. Later In the day the Col
lins boys went over to the Avey house to
"Bee about it."
Arthur Avey, who is slightly lame in
one leg, asked John Collins If he wanted
a fight. Collins says that he replied that
he did not, as Avey was a cripple. With
that Avey lunged at him twice with a
large dirk, striking at his stomach. Col-
Una guarded his Btomach with his arm,
stopping two blows from the knife. One
cut through his coat and into the flesh on
the inner side of the arm, and the other
wounded him on the hand.
MRS. JACKSON DIVORCED.
SEATTLE. March 10.-rMrs. Marie H.
Jackson, daughter of Captain J. J. Healey,
formerly general manager of the North
American Transportation and Trading
Company and a wealthy miner of Mon
tana, was yesterday granted a divorce
from Orrln W. Jackson . on the ground of
non-support. Mrs. Jackson, with her at
torney, James Hamilton Lewis, appeared
before Judge Griffin shortly before noon
to-day and presented testimony consti
tuting cause for the divorce. Mrs. Jack-
Bon said that her husband had not con
tributed to her support for the past year;
on the contrary, she had aided him on
numerous occasions. Mr. Jackson is now
in Dawson.
Of Interest to the Coast.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— The follow
ing Postmasters have been commissioned:
California— Lorenzo A. Rockwell. Comp
ton. Oregon— Belle Warde, Gardiner:
Samuel B. Martin. Merrill; Joseph
N. Bramhall, Aims. Washington —
George R. Page, Larchmont; Ida McCor
mick, Tulalip; Alexander ' M. Martin,
Dodd. " Appointed: California— J. B.
Warnock. Ballena, San Diego County, vice
W. T. Keen, removed.
It is announced in, army orders that
Captain Frederick W. Cox, assistant sur
geon of volunteers, will proceed from Ver
milion, South Dakota, to San Francisco,
thence to. Manila for assignment to duty.
Pensions issued to-day were: California
—Original— Edwin Cooper. Veterans'
Home, Napa, Jfi; Aaron W. Strause, Chico.
$8; David M. Davis, Dyerville, $6; Robert
A. Duane, Sonora, $6: George Rice, Placer
ville, $8: Andrew Jackson Curtiss, Glazelr,
$6. Restoration and increase — Joseph M.
Owens, dead, Oakdale. J12. . Renewal-
John H. Jeffrey, Crescent City, $6. In
crease — William E. Cheek, 1 Redlands. $10;
Patrick Moloughny, San Francisco, $8;
Hugh McCall, Veterans' Home, Napa, $8;
Henry C. Timberlake. Soldiers' Home. Los
Angeles. $12: Hiram T. Curl, Oakland, $12:
James T. Smith, Sacramento. J12; John
E. Sturgeon, San Francisco, $12. Original
widows— Jane E. Owens, Oakdale, $8.
Oregon— Original— Timothy P. Cleveland,
Portland, $8. Increase— Augusto Forcht,
Newberg, $S.
Washington— Increase— Andrew A. Rey
nolds, Medical Lake. $8.
Henry . T. Scott of San Francisco and
Colonel Charles Moore of New York
talked with President McKlnley to-day re
garding the President's-comingr trip to the
Pacific Coast The President will leave
here on April 28, arriving in San Francisco
on May 14, going by the way of New Or
leans and visiting several cities en route.
WASHINGTON, March 10.— The squad
ron of the Fifth Cavalry stationed at Fort
Myer. Va., left to-day for San Francisco
en route to - the Philippines. They will
sail on the transport Meade about March
18. The squadron is made up of Troops I,
K. L and M and is in command of Colo
nel William A. Raff erty;
CHICAGO. March 10.— The Chicago
Building Material Trades Council to-day
Indorsed the attitude of the Chicago Fed
eration of Labor in Its opposition to thj
proposed amalgamation of the American
federation of Labor as enunciated at
the Louisville convention.
Cavalry Squadron Coining.
Chicago Indorses Labor Federation.
TERRA HAUTE, ind.. March 10.—
Charles Rogers, in a jealous quarrel. »ho;
and fatally Injured his wife and her step
father. William E. Beattiei to-night. He
later pave himself up and was , taken to
Indianapolis to escape mob violence.
Shoots Wife and Stepfather.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 10.—
The Government of Jamaica, acting on
behalf of the British Government, has
sent a strong protest to the President of
Ecuador against the employment of sol
diers to compel thousands of laborers
from Jamaica to work under the McDon
ald syndicate In the construction of the
railroad from Guayaquil to Quito. The
protest is almost an untimatum, as it
calls for an immediate discontinuance of
the coercive measures.
Military Coercion of Laborers
on Guayaquil Railroad.
Imperative Protest- Sent Against
PRESIDENT OF ECUADOR
INCURS JAMAICA'S WRATH
ROME. March 10.— The phenomenon
now to be seen In Sicily extends over
Southern Italy. At Rome the sky Is yel
low, and at Naples -a rain of sand has
fallen, the heavens being darkened.
This phenomenon, called "blood rain,"
Is attributed to dust from the African
deserts, transported by the heavy south
wind now blowing.
PALERMO, Sicily, March 10^-Ever
since last night a heavy red cloud has
hung over the city, the sky being a deep
red. The rain now falling resembles drops
of blood.
ure Upon Sicily and Italy.
Heavy Red Cloud Precipitates Moist-
RAINDROPS LIKE BLOOD.
The Methodists report 120 converts In
Manila last week, and the Philippine
Kvangelical Church claims to have ob
tained many new members.
The Insurgents have surrendered 500
r..ies n the province of Pampanga, Bula
can Rnd Bataan during the last four
weeks.
MANILA, March 10.— Judge Taft and his
associates of the United States Philippine
Commission, accompanied by their wives
and a number of prominent Filipinos, em
barked to-day on the United States trans
port Sumner and sailed for Lucena, prov
ince of Tayabas, Luzon, where they will
organize tho provincial government. At
the time of their departure the pier was
thronged with natives.
the Luzon Province of
Fayahas.
Will Establish Civil Government in
TAFT COMMISSION
SAXXS FOR IAJCENA.
DETROIT, Mich.. March 10.— Over 1000
telephones were rendered useless to-day
by the. rain which fell and froze during
the entire morning. The thirty-mile an
hour wind which accompanied the rain,
raised havoc with the wires, weighed
down as they were by the Ice. Officials of
the Michigan Telephone Comparty to
night estimated their total loss in tho
State at $20,000.
GRAND RAPIDS. Mich.. March 10.—To
day's wind, sleet and rain storm has al
most paralyzed the State telephone serv
ice. The line of the Michigan Telephone
Company about Ionia is a mass of tangled
Iron and broken poles. Tho Citizens'
Company is also badly crippled. The loss
will amount to several thousand dollars.
At St. Joseph 400 telephones wore burned
out by contact with trolley wlree. Ij»
Benton Harbor the wires of th« company
are all down.
§20,000 Mark.
MICHIGAN TASTES HTJBRICANE.
Telephone Company's Loss Reaches
OAKLAND, March 10.— Henry M. Schus
ter, the University of California student
who was injured at pole-vaulting, died at
5 o'clock this afternoon at tho East Bay
Sanitarium, where he had been taken af
ter the accident occurred on tho Berkeley
oval.
The young man passed a night of Intense
suffering and toward daybreak signs of
approaching death were evident. He lin
gered In about tho sajr.e condition until
afternoon and then tha end was near at
His' father, A. C. Schuster, of Santa Bar
bara, was at tho bedside when the injured
student parsed awar.
Because of tho circumstances surround
ing the accident Coronet Mehrmann took
charge of the caso. The body was re
moved to the Morgue in this city pending
the postmortem examination. which
must be held to determine definitely th.»
cause of death. The surceons have no
doubt that there was a fracture cf th*
spinal column. The remains will be sen<
to Santa Barbara, the home of deceased's
services will be held to-mor
row afternoon at 3 o'clock by tho stu
dents of the university at the First Con
gregational Church. Berkeley. The exer
cises will be conducted by the Rev. George
B. Hatch, pastor of the church. President
Wheeler will deliver a memorial address.
The Y M. C. A. Ouartet will render mu
sic. All work at the university will cease
for the day at 2:30 o'clock.
Polo Vaulting, Passes Away at
a Sanitarium.
H«nry M. Schuster, Injured Whilo
DEATH RELIEVES A
STUDENT'S SUFFERING
The boy was taken to the City Prison,
and when seen yesterday denied anv
connection with the crimes. He ha«
been booked for a public Institution, and
his case will be hearu in court to-day.
Miller Is also suspected of having at
tempted a burglary at 3105 Pierce street
shortly after the first crime that caused
his arrest.
der. The crime was a bold one. young
Miller having climbed to a aecond-etory
window in the house in broad daylight
and in sight of hundreds of pedestrians.
Ho took a diamond pin, a revolver, some
coin, opera-glasses and silk handker
chiefs. These he tried to dispose of for
a paltry sum, and was nrrrsted by Offi
cers M. Murphy and Phil Herring.
On account of his tender age the Judge
was lenient with Miller, and gave hin-,
two weeks in which to reform. He has
evidently not taken advantage of tho
chance to sprout .wings.
Young Miller's case Is a puzzle to the
police^ He attends school, and hi?
parents, who reside at 4 Repll plac\
nave done everything 1 in their pow€»r to
brinj? him up honestly and respectably.
He disregards their advice, and two
weeks ajro entered the residence of Mrs.
M. O. Qorbman In the Western Addition,
taking out a quantity of valuable plun-
>e^HARLES MILLER, the 10-year
/7 c\(\ burglar who was allowed tr
II i gu on prohatinn after commlttlnj
a bold d3yl!ght crime three wee!**
r.grv. Is attain behind the bars at
the City Prison. The youthful criminal
wan captured Saturday night by Police
Officer Rlley in the act of prying open a
window In the " residence of Mrs. A.
Evan* at Pierce and Greenwich streets"
w'th a "Jlmmlo." After a long chase ho
was taken Into custody.
The f^veral subcommittee* of the First
Tnfariry are bu?v making arrangements
for The rejfirr.ontal exhibition drill, prome
naJe concert nnd ball, which will taKo
ylacc in the Mechanics' Pavilion on the
ciKlt of ArrH 17. ..
Company F. First Infantn*. has appoint
ed .¦». comrnittee to arrange for a banquet
f-r. '.he Oih of next April. In commemora
tion of the twenty-third anniversary of
the organization of the company. Then?
will be present. In addition to the mein
riers all ex-membors an<1 those who aer\ T ed
as volunteers with the company at Ma
r.ilr- Th!s enmpacy wa* orjrn.nlzed ortsrln
r.ily as CV-.tspany G of the Second Infan
tr>- (".urir-ir The April riots of 11578. arc",
upon the reorganization of the guard be
came F of the Firr.t Infantry- Kenneth
A. Milllcaii Is chriirman of the. company.
The military bill, whi^h has passed both
hx.uses of the I>ce1?lature. will soon be
presented to the Governor for his signa
ture, lie has premised to sign It.
The 5evcral rompanlps of the local
r<»<r:mpnt duriv/r the past twn weeks have
hful /rood attcr.danc* at compaxiy drills
and there appears to be mrre Interest
tafcon in the affairs of the ijuard than hai
be<~T» r.ot!co4 frr a l^ng time.
The^ore M. Marios has been electe-1
seroc! l!ei:ior:aLrt of company H of the
rifth Infantry.
I-ist -^e^k th«» nrst and Second batta-
J!ons of the l-"lr.<:i Infantry were out for
bfi:ta!5rn drill and each made a creditabl*
ehowlnp. To-morrow the third battalion,
•uajn" Robertson comrnandinjr. will b*
out fa Ve;j Xoss avenue fcr battalion
drffl.
During February there were an unusual
manber of eallctiaenta in the First In
fsr.try arid dur'.rr the ram* iy>r!od thcro
xrero Thirty-two in the Fifth Infantry — 7
in Company <\ 2 in D: 5 ir. II; 2 in E; 2
in R: T> in F Ar.d 4 in G.
T*:? cctnmnndcr In chi«rf of the National
GcArtf of Califorr.ia has stated that thevo
t-ha'J be ?. Xaticnr.l Guard cncasipment
iii.'» year, trie date to be fixed later. It
is thought I hat The camp will be eslab-
Uabed betsneea tha Uth and the 25th of
J^riA. This ar.r.cur.oeiiieiit. which wju
ir.a^i? In the early part of last we«k. has
mirtaJtS arcased entnusla^ni xrhlch hns
irjcnifesteVl itself in the number of appli
carior.s thr.t are telnu made to com
maadera of co-npanie* of the Firs: and
fifth Ir.far.try in the past few days.
C» rixst and Pif ti. Infantry
TVTNJLWHD IUTTRTST IN
THE NATIONAL GUAED
SCHitary Camp in June — Activity in
GRAND
J Thompson, Pieasntn
I* W Stone, Stcckton
l< E Fuller, Stanfrd
\V A Morehouse, N Y
I' Smith. Oakland
I' Raymond, Mexico
, r Gollober. Cal
A 15 Brndshaw, Oigo
jl A Palmer. Chpo
11 D Andrews, Chgo
\V B Dean, Chlco
? H Gunby, Chlco
I* Patterson, Minn
N A Dickinson, Hartfd
h Henle, N Y
J K Baxter, Los Ang
A W Evans, Los Ans
F D Almy. El Paso
H D Garwood, Colo
T M Ramsdell, K City
J H Kuhn, Kan City
A F Davis, Chicago
G H Aydellotte. L An
J W Florelle, Phlla
12 K Taluzer, Memphis
A A Hunter, Ind
E J Moxley, Colo Spgs
Mrs A H Buhne. N Y
HOTEL
H Corry, Vancouver
A Toynozzlnl. Los An
}' Toynozzinl, Los An
C B Uarnard, Wash •
Miss S K Whiting,
Canton
Mrs A Hertzel. Canton
F W Sh'arpe & w. Mon
A Harris, S Rosa
CM Williams, Chgo
C E Christensen, Utah
W E Thorne & w Cal
Mrs D O Darnell. Colo
Capt Mallngust & w,
Oakland
Mrs P J Patton, Vlctr
P J Patton. Victoria
C Thomson & w. Cal
J Farls Jr, Sacto
J B Mullay, Portland
R C McCIure. Syracuse
P W Hutchison. Sulsn
T M James. Orovllle
J Rummelsberg, Cal
L H Alexander, Cal
J H Bowers, Orovllle
G T Scott & w, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
Prince Engallsche,
Russia
E J Fraser, Colo
S H Smith, Berkeley
L D Jones. Berkeley
W H Henshaw, Redwd
R O Whltlock, Ky
Ji Mofs. Pa
R Chase, Seattle
W E Gunn. Seattle
P Becker, Germany
J JHawkins, Prescott
W A Bmlth. Chicago
E W Rollins. Denver
B A Chalfant & w. Pa
B V Barker, Llvermore
J H Khfiw, Cincinnati
E Baruch, N T
Saml Cohen. N Y
J T Donaldson. Chlcasr
A W Chapln, Sacto
P A Crothwalte, Lond
Mrs E 8 Johnson. Ill
Miss Johnson. Chicago
E T Randolph, N J
Mrs Randolph, N J
D Wilson, Spokane
M Donohoe, Mont
It II Parker. Phlla
F W Dittman & wife,
Cincinnati
E Murphy & w. N Y
MIms Murphy. N Y
MIps H Murphy, N Y
R Murphy. N Y
Wm Shaw. N Y
II A Lcudke ft w. Wls
Amelia Leudke, WIb
I.ouise Kleckhlefer.Wls
Mrs C D Itoberts. N Y
Miss M J Roberts, N Y
E A Koster. Vancouvr
Mrs Bortr, Vancouver
A M Ernst, Texas
Mrs B M Cooke, Bostn
E H Cole, Denver
J Macbeth, Denver .
M P. Thomas, Chicago
A J Levy & w. N Y
J 8 Chlsholm, Mich
J F Chlsholm. Mich
9 H Hill. Salt Lake
M H Early. N Y
E R Baxter, Portland
H S Johnson, Chicago
R A Dumble. N Y
W II Latuhaw & w. Pa
W H Latshaw. Pa
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
D H Klmble, N Y
Mrs C S Ever?, S Rosa
i: L Hollingshead, 111
Wm Hubank, Boston
H Wulft & w. Bouldln
M N McLellan & w,
Colo
Wm Chinn, Colo
Jas Barber, Chicago
U J Allen. Chicago
F H Hohler. N Y
A C Carter. Arizona
James Mulvey, Cal
J H Kaesen. Vallejo
Jos Qulnn, St Louis
Jas Greg. St Louts
Chas Mason, Chicago
Job Byrne, Chicago
Jas Boom. Denver
K E Todd, New Orlns
C C McBrlde. Mexico
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
LITTLE BOY WHO IS DETERMINED TO BE A BURGLAR. HE IS UN
DER ARREST FOR ATTEMPTED HOUSEBREAKING AND HIS CASE
PUZZLES POLICE.
SOME OF THE ANIMAL SHOW
PERFORMANCES WHICH
AMUSE YOUNG AND OLD.
BIG BUNCH OF BARKING
DOGS REMAIN UNINJURED
Fargo Behaves Himself Elephantly and the
Rest of the Trained Animals Cheer Up.
v — '¦ : ; — ; ; •*•— — *s*
INTENSE excitement prevailed at the
Mechanics' Pavilion yesterday after
noon when a younjsrster hanging on a
rafter yelled "Whoa, Bill!" and
Fargo, the elephant, doing a cake
walk on a lot of bottles, tcssed his tail up
and said nothing. The- zebra. Alexis,
didn't change a stripe, and the trained
sealions only let out their customary
barks. Oscar, one of the monkeys of the
aggregation, errew indiUerent as he slid
down a tightrope, and Doctor White, a
performing pony, whose pleasure it Is to
They are accused of . killing, five mem
bers of, the" Gamble family while James
Gamble, the her.d of the house, was away.
Then they burned the house to hide the
crime.
The Gamble murderers are Russell
Broad (white), Andrew. Boyd, Robert
Smith, Minnie Smith, Jonn Oliver Gray,
Maud Gilmorc, Will Wings, Levy Lewis
and West Griffin— all nejrroes.
Broad has been on trial for several
days, but no fear of any serious lawless
ness had been expressed.
One report has it that nine persons, in
cluding Broad, the white man, and two
women, v, r ere the victims selected by the
mob.
The wires to Carthage are all down.
The closest point '.o that* town that can
be reached is Canton, twenty miles away.
CHICAGO. March II.— A special to the
Tribune from Xev/ Orleans says: A ru
mor gained currency last night that' the
negroes implicated in the Gamble mur
ders at Carthage. Miss., were to be
lynched or had been lynched by a mob.
Victims Are Said to Include
a White Man and -Two
Negro Women.
Sucli Is tlie Rumor
That Comes From
Carthage.
MOB LYNCHES
NINE GAMBLE
MURDERERS
TEN-YEAR-OLD BURGLAR
IS AGAIN UNDER ARREST
?
Little Charles Miller, .Scarcely Out of Law's
Clutches, Once More Commits Crime.
Xfrlcss the Great Trusts Are Curbsd,
Says Profrssor Hadley, the
American Republic Is
n I>ooined.
Pr^rUl Dl-TStoh to Th« Call.
NKW YORK. Mro^ 10.— "We shall have
an Emperor In Washington within twen
lywfirc year.*, unit (-s wo can create a pub
l!r sentiment which, rcpa rdlers of lesl^lu
tlor. will roRulat«> the trusts.'"
With that MOtiment thi* evening Presi
dent Hadley of Yale I'nhersity startled a
congrt'jration largely made up of the
richest church society In New England—
the Old South. President Hadiey deliv
ered the th'.rJ of a course of Lenten ad
dr»Eses !:: :he Old South by college presi
dents, r.ni his specific topic teas "The De
velopzses; of a Public Conscience." He
*aii':
"Heir do things gland as regrards the
Etvd of a public conscience in thi» coun
try to-day? The American standard of
personal morality Is, on the whole, h'.gii
£$ compared with other rations and other
r.pe<. We have dov«»Jr>r>ed perr-onal vir
tue* throuEh individual conscience very
well. But our actions in politics and in
a social ar.d business secse proved our
moral standards in litre directions de--
perately low.
"There is an appaJJlr.jr contrast between
our metboda of dea.Ur.g- with each otb*r
*s InfiIvi<J"a!6 ar.d the low standard ob-
Mired 5n dealing between different parts
*.if the organization of society.
"Competition us*»d to prevent .1 man
frcri practiclr-c gxeat «>xtorticn upon hi'
neighbors, even If he -wanted to. and hi
politics we once had at least a rough form
of relative Justice.
"But To-day, -with our Industries orpan
ixed Into frufts and the imperialistic sp:--
It developing in politics, the genera! de
velopment of the principle of trusteeship
•wri'.l become appallire uiless ve cultivate
*. hjffher standard c' morality than ever
teicre."
Savs a Monarch's Throne
May Soon Bd Sft Up
in Washington.
YALE PRESIDENT
SOUNDS WARNING
RAILROAD LAND
PATENT SUITS
Conditions Eojulating tha
Grants and Causes of
Premfc Actions.
Brief Sketch of the Acts Referring to
the Eights of Various Claim
ants to Sections in
Dispute.
The suits brought by the United State*
to cancel railroad land patents are ai
present creating considerable interest, es
pecially in California. The first day of
this month was the last day on which
these suits could be filed.
The land grants made by Congress t«
aid in constructing the Western rallroacs
are of such alternate sections of land. n..r.
mineral In character, lying within twenty
miles on each side of the contemplated
road?, as are found not to have been
theretofore granted, sold, reserved or
otherwise disposed of by the United States
at the date the railroad, in aid of which
they are granted, becomes finally located.
The Land Department of the United
States, consisting of the Secretary of th^
Interior, Commissioner of the General
Land Office and the local Registers and
Receivers, is charged with the duty of
ascertaining and adjudging, in advance of
the issue of patents, what lands, within
the prescribed limits, were granted by
Congress to the railroad companies and
what lands are excepted from such grant*
because of mineral character or other
causes: so that when issued and sub
scribed by the President, United Stated
land patents are deemed conclusive evi
dence of title.
As to Timp Limitations.
It Is of great Importance, of course, that
land patents should be attended by the
presumption that all antecedent prere
quisites to their Issuance had been con
formed to, and that they had been law
fully issued; for. otherwise, land title*
would remain Insecure and forever sub
ject to discredit and Impeachment. For
these reasons the courts have recognlaed
land patents as, and declared them to be.
the highest muniments of title, unim
peachable except by suit of the United
States for fraud in their procurement,
mistake or Inadvertence in their issue.
By an act passed on March 3. 1SS7. Con
gress directed the Secretary of the Inte
rior to adjust all railroad land prantj
with reasonable dispatch, and whenever,
in such adjustment, patents were found to
have been erroneously issued, to cause
suits to be brought for the concellatloa
thereof. On March 2, 1S31. Congress
passed another act. providing that aulu
to cancel patents theretofore issued must
be brought within five years after the
date of the act. and on March 2. 1S96, these
provisions were so extended by Congres
sional enactment that suits to cancel pat
ents theretofore issued were required to
be brought prior to March 2. 1901. and
suits to cancel patents issued subsequent
to March 2. 1S36. were required to be
brought within six years after dates of
patents. Prior to these enactments there
was no limitation of time within whlen
the United States was* required to bring
8 On the first day of this month, it bein»
the last day for the nlinp of such suits,
the following suits were brought in the
Circuit courts of the United States for
the cancellation of such railroad land
patents issued prior to March 2. 1SS6. as,
jn the opinion of the Secretary of the In
terior, had been unlawfully issued:
Suits to Cancel Patents.
In the Circuit Court at Los Angles
suits were brought for the cancellation of
several patents issued to the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, conveying in
all about 1000 acres of land claimed by the
United States to have been excepted from
the railroad grant because "reserved"
pending: settlement of the Jupura Mexican
grant boundaries at the date the railroad
grant was made, which Mexican grant
was subsequently rejected as to the lands
in suit. . '¦'
Lands "reserved" for any purpose at the
date of the railroad grant are by the ex
press terms of the granting act excepted
from the lands granted: but the railroad
company claims that while these lands
were within the limits of a certain, fraud
ulent map of the Jurupa, they at no time
were within the true or claimed Ilmlt3
thereof; hetfce they were never "re
served".' for settlement of the Jurupa.
boundaries under proper construction of
the exception "reserved."
In the Circuit Court at San Francisco
two suit3* were brought. On4 of these
suits Is to cancel a patent issued to the
Central Pacific Railroad Company for 8S0
acres of land In Butte County. The bill
of complaint alleges that at the date the
patent issued and since a quartz ledgo
extended through the patented lands con
taining gold in paying quantities; which
quartz ledge, with three hundred feet sur
face ground on each side, was covered by
mining locations and was being actually
mined to profit at the date the patent
complained of was Issued. The other suit
Is to cancel a patent for eighty acres of
land also In Bntte County. This land was
covered by a pre-emption filing at thtt
date the railroad grant was made, and on
behalf of the United States It is claimed
that the pre-emption filing lawfully ex
cepted the land from the railroad grant.
and that in Issuing the patent the land
officers inadvertently overlooked the
filing.
Other Suits in Oregon.
In the Circuit Court for Oregon four
suits were brought to cancel patents Is
sued to the Oreeon and California Rail
road Company for about 2000 acres la all.
Two of these suits are to cancel patents
for lands within limits of the grant as
first established, but outside- th« grant
limits as finally adjusted. The other suits
are for cancellation of patents Issued to
the company for lands within Its trrant.
but covered by pre-emption, homestead
or donation claim fllines. of record at the
date the railroad land prant was made.
These last, mentioned patents were issued
under the rule obtaining at the time that
such filings, although of record when the
prant was made, If canceled at the time
of final location of the railroad, did not
except the lands from the railroad rrant.
but the United States Supreme Court has
recently held otherwise.
Captain Paddock Dits in China.
¦WASHINGTON. March 10.— The "War
Department received to-day word of th«
death of Captain Richard B. Paddock of
the Sixth Cavalry at Tientsin, China, yes
terday, from pneumonia. Captain Pad
dock was appointed to the army from Il
linois In October, 1883.
THE SAIN" Ifl? A NCI SCO CALL, MONDAY, iUAKCH ll v 11)01.
7
Are hungry nerves— nerves that are
starved until they have no vitality left.
They have lost all power to regain 'their
natural strength and steadiness. You who
are restless, nervous, fidgety, depressed in
spirits, worried, worn-out and sleepless,
should feed your nerves. Build themup
and give them new life and strength before
they fail you entirely. Now is the 'time to
do it; and the best food you can use is ¦
"My hands shook bo that I could sot
raise a cup of coffee to my lips or even
button my own clothes I was so nervous,
fidgety and restless that I could not sleep,
and it seemed that I would surely lose my
mind. One bottle of Dr. Miles* Nervine
helped mo so much that I kept on using it^
and when I had taken four bottles I felt
like a young man again."
Frank'Gay, National Home, WU
Sold by all Druggists oa a guarantee.
Dr. Miles Medical Co., E&fuft. lad
'-'¦' T - ,;' ¦ V- " " • " ¦ ' ' ' ''•?> ii" ~f 'l'^I inMni^f^W . . v»^
It is a braln-buiider and nerve-strengthener of remarkable power, and a speedy remedy for
nervous troubles of every,; description. Buy a bottlo .to-day.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1901.
8
SAX FRAACISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE cf The San Franjlseo
Call. coTT.er of Market and Third ttreets; open
until 12 o'clock tvery night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until S:20 p. m.
TOO Ilaye* Etrett; open until S:30 p. m.
CSS McAllister street; open u^tll 9:30 p. m.
O5 Lurkin street ; open until 9:30 p. m. |
2941 Mlf-sion ttreet: open until 10 p. m. !
1761 "arket street, corner Sixteenth; open j
urtll 9 p. n j
ire Eleventh street: open until 9 p. m.
:r?c Valencia street: open until S p. m.
Nort!:x»-eist corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky strfet?: nr"*" until 9 p. m.
MKKTIXG NOTICES. '
(i')LDEN Oate Ojn:mander>- No. 16. 1C. .-*-_
T Golden Oate building. €2.1 Hutter st. RalT^
ft»-:al asserrbly THIS F.VKNINO. at Kjb
f o'clock. The Order of the Temple W9
\vU! be conferred. All fraters are w
courteously Invited.
KOHICRT McMILLAN. Em. Com. ;
VTM. T. FONDA. Kec-ord<»r. j
_- — j
SAN FRANCISCO Chapter No. 1. Royal JfV.
Arch Ma«on5. meet THIS EVENING. jZjt
R. A. I>esrr<?e. *
OTIPKNTAL l^dge No. 22, F. and A. rt
M — THIS -MONDAY) EVENING, ot _#*_
7:30 o'clock. Thin: d-cree. Master yL2\ i
Mason* cordially invited. » ™ *
*.VA LTEH G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
KINO SOLOMON'S Lodre No. 160, F. II
er.fl A. M., Franklin Hall. Flllmore, _«\^
between Ru*h and Putter. Third <5e- TKJf
sreo THIS EVENING at 7:30. /^T>
HARRT DAFHR. Secretary.
AGENTS WANTED.
THE RIO MICHOL RUBBER COMPANY of
Jtr. Frar.cieco, Cal.. want* Intelligent men tj
¦ct as Its acer.ts throuchout tbe United
Ftates; nutt he men of character, address a
push. The company cwns large properties, is
cut of Ct 1 1 & in a thcrouchly sound & flour-
ithlng condition. It has a considerable acre-
ace a!ieady planted to rubber & has a large
force of rr.en cn«tantly at work. It offers for
fsle a Mmited number of Interest bearing snd
ir.stallmer.t certificates. A comparatively
Frr.all amount Invested now will produce large
rnr.i rteadlly lncren^lnjr Income In near future.
The corporation invites closest invest leatlon.
Acent« end Interested persons apply Rio Mi- |
chol Rutber Co.. r. C3-6S. Crocker bid*.. S. F\
HEf-'IDKNT agents, with references, for count !
try towns. F. R. GRANNIS. 232 Mont*.. S. >\ j
EXPERIENCED lriFurance agents. Call at room j
1C1. PJ7 Market St.. corner Pi»th. !
WANTKP-Annw in ea"h city: rood nrmey. i
rubric Cn»«t M. * L. Co.. 469 «th. Oakland |
ASTROLOGY.
FORTUNE by planets or palmistry: horoscope
complete. 5Oc and It. KW'^A Market, room 12.
! I
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
EL W. KING. PC7 Market Ft.. Cth floor, room 627 j
— Estates, tiamages, attachments, bankruptcy", I
collections; a'.I casos; fair fee; no advance i
charjres; loans on estates. Tel. Howard 1^7. I
ADVICE Iree: divorce law a specialty; private; j
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton. !
J. H. McKNIGHT. collections; damages; e»- j
tites: mining; open even. IP2 Parrott b!dg. j
FRANK W. SMITH, mining and probate law a. !
specialty. MUls Me., r. S.-4th fir.: trl.P.ed ;«6. |
ADVICE free: r.o charge unless successful. W. i
W. DAVIDSON. Vi7 Market st.. opp. Mason, j
L. P. CLARK. Kmma Pprcckels b;jR.. J-rr Mar-
Vet PC: eeemltatttn f re»: rn ffs« In advance i
ASPIIALTTM ROOFING. j
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
na'.red: r-^tal. 11^ M!f=rir,n: tel. Folsom 1(507.
JIM U l.l> For Sale or Kirbnnitr. j
A CUCVKUAXD wheel, in Rood order, for sale
cheap. S. HARTMAN. €3SA Natoma Ft.
BOARDIVG FOR CHILDREN'. ;
IWTfTTt Hy highly rt*pecta.t,le couple, the
care of child 2 to 4 years, long or short
period; terms moderate: Cne home and eunny
.yard; object, ccirpur.lon tor cur own child
nt v?rir*. |t^T 014 Call efflce.
ULSINESS CHANCES.
A-J12-0; CORNER grocery and bar on CalN
fornia St.; choicest location in this city; pood j
paying place; clean stock, good fixtures. Call
Ii. G. V.ILKE. Kht Keamy st.
A-tiOO: STATIONERY store; 2 livinR" rooms;
rent tlO; rood businesi! for man and wife.
Call K. O. WILKE. 2G',» Kearny Bt.
A— J1200; RESTAURANT and chophouse; rent
JiO; place esaa.b. years; daily receipts tiO;
trial riven; a s»i business and best loca-
tlon. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny st.
A— triO: SALOON; clearing J1SJ per month; rent
140; «ftab!ished many >eans; only day busl-
ne»F: l^ation best in this city. Call R. G.
"WJLKE. ;C4 Keamy *t.
Jk. — t~Zb; CORNER trocery and bar; northern
part of city: death of owner <-ause of eale; a
gttod business fur man and wife. Call K. G.
WILKE. IVt Kearr.y ft.
A— *1CO: CORNER saloon; location Third an-1
Mission sts; rent J.V'. lease; corner can't be
beat: about I10C0 stock on hand; owner roust
h*ve ci~r.it!on performed, only cause of sale.
R. G. WILKE. 2C4 Keamy et.
A*-J11S9; S.4.LOON close to Montgomery 6t. ;
place established 20 years: clearing at least
*2iO r»er month: 3 furnished rooms included:
rent JSS. Call R. G. WILKE. X\i Kearny et.,
A— 3400; PORK ar.d dellcacv store; rent :22 60;
tood-paying business: very best location;
owner to leave city. Call R. G. WILKE, 26Vi
Kearcj- St.
A— $1230; CAFE and reftaurant; elegantly fitted
up and doing a rushing: business; located
close to Powell and Market ets. Call R. G.
¦WILKE. 56^ Kearny Et.
A — $12-0: CORNER grocery and bar; choicest
part Western Add.; clean store, fresh stock;
pood-raying business: rent 132. Inquire R, G.
\VILKE. 26'4 Kearny st.
A— SSOO: CORNER butcher shop In northern
part of city: rent f20: horse, cart: selling: 4
cattle and about 15 eheep per week; a cash
custom. Call R. G. WILKE. 164 Kearny st.
AN unprecedented sacrifice; 75-room brick ho-
t«-l and furniture; doir.g immense first-class
<?2 a day) business: cost and worth $20,000;
offered for S16.S.00; ha* rented for J400; now
nin by owner.
N. D. SICKELS. the I^nd Agent. 6 Geary fet.
CALL to-day for bargains. Business Board of
Trade. Livery and boarding ftable. $160rt;
cash grocery and bar. for the invoice: half
Interest In old reliable store; fine lodging-
house, 15 rooms. 326 Pine et.
fPjC — CANDY store and factory; bargain: leav-
ing city cause or sale. McLAUGHLIN &
CO.. 777H Market et.
JTOO-GROCERY and bar near city; bargain.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market st,
HOTEL, country. 40 rooms; rent tTZ: livery at-
tached: rrood business ; price t2500; easy terms;
call early for this bargain.
O. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Boom 2. 917 Market et., opp. Mason.
100 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars.
¥* candy and Icecream stores, 500 restaurants.
300 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with 1100 up can be suited.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Market st.
A— HOC; PARTNER wanted: light business;
must be Batlsfled with 11 R to $25 a week; no
experience required. 25 Geary Bt.. room 1.
$230— FINE chop and lunch house. 22C Battery;
must be so'.d quick. Apnly DONALD Invest-
mwt Co.. CO Market ei.
WILL sell half interest in a good carpenter
and etore fitting business; well establlehM
and paying. Apply at carpenter shop, Hz
Burh ct., between 9 and 10 a. m.
FOR sale or lease — Tbe Bay View Stables. San
Rafael. Marln Co.. Cal. For particulars ap-
ply to M. MXTRRAY, on premises; cleared
over $500 a month for laet S years.
AA— $400; GRAND opportunity for lady or cent.;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
Waiting-room. 23d ave. station. 15. Oakland.
A-S400: CIGAR ttore with 2 furnished roome;
rrr.t $12; business paying from JSS to $100 per
month. Inquire 26V4 Kearny ct.
2 ACTIVE young business men wish line of
roods to handle in city on commission: bard-
ware preferred. E. C. H.. box 286$, Call.
FOR $10 I will teach men and women a pro-
fee»lon that will fetch them from (5 to 120
a day. O. TV. C. 2C41 Call office.
IN city, near Grant ave.; good paying <Jresa-
rstktnir business cheap. Address box 2C4S,
Call offlw. ,.v
HOTEL to lease — 21 rooms at San Rafael; new-
ly painted; in first -class order. Owner. 11
Lyon et.
BAKEP.Y for tale— Largest and be»t; located
in large country town. Address R. BIIUN-
NER. box 35. Petaluma.
RESTAURANT doing $16 a day business; stand
at $200 for 3 <Uys. Box 2C71. Call office.
BAKERY for rent: oven complete; good busl-
nes«. 1S22 fihattuck aye.. . North Berkeley.
SALOON for «s.le; oM established corner; good
location. Address box 26S3, Call office.
WANTED— Partner; paring candy etore; laiSy
or gent. Adflre** S41 Folsom sL
I'LANTNC-MILL in this city for sale. jFI
GEIER. Market and Dolores «ts.
SMALL restaurant for «a!e, cheap; dolnir a
rood business. &0« Howard «t., near Iftrst.
BARGAIN— Ptock and fixtures of millinery
etore at 238 Ninth; also household furniture
FOn eale— Candy etore ana le» cream parlor;
good location. Inquire at let: Market st-
BUSINESS CHANCES Continued.
GOOD paying, old-established lumber business;
including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber stock, donkey engine, horse teaniR, etc.
H. & F. L. COOPER." Nevada City. Cal.
OUTSIDE route on this paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outside route (No. 10) Cor 6*Ie. Apply
at Call Business office.
FOR f=ale — A Ftenm laundry In the Sacrarrjento ,
Valley, doing a business froin JI00 to $150 per
irerk: no other laundry within DO miles. Box
1C4.*. Call office.
MAN \r!th 1500 to bur half-Interest In manu-
inoturlng business: pays J30 weekly for each. .
Ilex 217:. Call office.
SirXP— PARTNER wanted: furriture, wall paper
luKiness: country: fine chance. Box 2132, Call.
RESTAURANT and coffee ealoon Tor tale
cheap. Apply F" Clay St.. near Kearny; good
location: mr.t ?33.
KOR F«le— A 3-chalr barber shop. Address II.
JACKSON. I'klah. Cal.
FOR Fale-Clgar rtore. £33 Third st.
J30 WINS WU) per month at races: references
given. Information Lyons. 321 Market, r. 4.
LARGE inside route on this paper for sale. .
Apply business office.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
EKE~OUR~LIST 'CF 200 1 TlOUSES BEFORK
buying. We have them all sizes and prices:
fJOCO-Part caj>h for centrally located, newly
papered, painted and thoroughly renovated and
refurnished house of S3 rooms: has been twice
snl«i for tSCOn.
?75O— ?0 rooms: all one fl'vir: Geary st.: clear*
tV<0; only *2:A <«sh required.
JI00 csFh for ll-room house: nicely furnished:
go«.l I«cat!cn: balance payments.
jfioc — For 22-room house on principal street;
cl»ars t<5: «acrificed for quick ea!e.
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish th» money— yon pay as you can
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. KO Market.
SELECT your houre from largest Il^t In town.
7 rooms: well furnished; only $2^0
, 9 rooms, fine location 42S
14 rooms: elecant: mtipt *ell... M0
2S r.. annrtments absolutely new; cash 1000
S3. F2. 112 snd 1"6 r. h<"is*i«: values exe*!t-nt.
Purer* from $100 to $100,000 can be suited.
V.> l»rfl r>f>lf pnrchn.«e money at. lowest rales.
WALTER HATES & CO.. S-"S Market Pt.
100 BARGAINS— "All size*, from 3 to £00 Rooms.
Consisting In Hotels
Poomlnc Houses
Tyvijr'njr Houses >
Boarding Hou?e«
Flat" and Private Homes. Call— T Can Si:'.t
for Cnsh Ps.yir>«-nt« or Loan You Mo"»v. H.
C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. Phone Mint 7»6.
MARION GRIFFIN hs* p. We V»st. See it...
719 Market rt.. nr. Call Mdc.: tM. Black 1«03..
4f> rooms, respectable, clears *145: rent $120...
rice location: terms Vt cash: big mortgage
11 r«on^s. r»w h«»: new heavy carpets: fi»
npk furniture: Income tlfiO JCOO
TTm]F*s nf all *1zes. kinds nnd prices.
City hotels. $2M0 up to IIP. OOP
FISHER & CO. 10?2 Market ft.: telephone 1W.
4S rooms. >'. of Mirket: only Jl«o<»
1« room*. Hyde: very finely furnished C00
2ft room*, rent $5*: location de«lrnble friO ,
If a bargain we hnve them at ann price
north nr south of Market st^ .
CO ROOMP. nice corner. wpII furnished, cheap
rent, hnlf ca«h. balance pt 1 p«"r c»nt. $4.W);
12 rrrmf. good location. IfiTJ), half ca»h, bal-
nnce p.t ! pc- rer-t: money to loan at 1't- 51.
E. RiVES, ?1« Mark«t. r. Ct>. tel. Main 12S.
WTNPTON A WOLF. K26 Market st.
is roomj; rent *\<\\ clean house 1~"
1R rrwms: r»nt $67 ."0; yard l?[jfl
F.6 rooms: cheap nt 1W>
IC roorrs; rent $75: make offer 700
LODOING-HOl'PEP— Size?- ar.d prices to rult all
buyers: title* n:arant»ed; money loaned buy-
ers; before buying call
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Phone Mint 1S1LJ17 Market St., bet. Eth & Cth.
CALL snd pee cur list of bargains in houses:
v-p have them in snv part of the city and Bt
pry price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 2S
Plxth M.
IirFORE closing rour bargain see our list of
ra^'ir-z hot'*e« in snv rm»t o* city: money
loaned. DOBLE & TURNER. S Eddy st.
$$CQ— BAY-WINDOW house. M rooms, good fu»--
nimre: always full: rent J44; bargain. 834
Folsom ct.
j$ivv_2<; ROOMS': fine location: well furnished;
r.ll rented: low rent. BASILE. 3 Eddy Bt.
FOR sale— 10-rocm hou«e: ni*«lv furnished; al-
w»Tt full. Inquire at 792 Ellis Ft.
LOtxuvo-HOUSE of 10 rooms for sale cheap.
44m THrfl «t.
srmiTr.YLiSM.
MMF.. ARNDT. the »nvat clairvoyant, tells past
and future, cures iliesFes by sympathy: never
fails: hss the reven rfals. the greatest Egyp-
, tlan F**r*t of the world: shows picture of fu-
ture huyban'Vor wife: gives lucky numbers;
advice tn all cpecu!*tlcn, love a^d legal af-
fairs; ar.v one consulting th» madame will be
convinced that she Is no pham; price* 25c and
up: rcn-.e and you will be surprised: gives
catlsfactlcn every on»: op. Sunday*. 21ZM Cth.
ARRIVED — The celebrated gvp'y. Prince Les-
ter. who«e frre tests, calling your name, the
name of th» one you love and the nar>» of the
cne vou will marry, for a short time: the onlv
medium In the world so sure of his occult
power that he will rive every r*rj<on who
comes prepared a wonderful free tert. Call or
¦write, with stamp* for answers, 13S2 Market
Ft., ornoslte C<3d Fellows' Hall.
AFTER a Eevere Illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham. the
world-renowned spiritual medium: advice In
all affairs of life: lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unite* the pe'ioratM: mining a specialty; clr-
r!e*. Sun., Wed.. Frl. «»ve.: letters answered.
Rcs'd. fno signs). E13 Eddy. bet. Hyde. Larkln.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEV. trance, business
medium. life reader. m»dlcal clairvoyant: sit-
tings. SI. 11C4 O'Farrell, nr. Gough, Ellis car.
MRS. LESTER— Reading*. F^c: circle every eve
ex. Sat.. 10c: devel. circle Tues. eve. 222 Turk.
MRS. WEST, wcnderfitl medium and healer:
readings dally, 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlft, palm-
ist and card reading, 25c. 1241H Market st.
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW. Psychic. Electric
ar<1 Magnetic Heal-r. Room 14. 305 Larkln Bt.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister-Mr*. C. J.
Meyer: Fitting* dally: te*t« to nil to-night: 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS^ '
A— THE First Graduated Palmist Ever In San
Francisco.
PROFESSOR JOHNS,
The world's greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted daily on all affair* of
life; he advises you whether you will be *uc-
cessful In business, mining or lawsuits, etc.;
Professor Johns 1* beyond the shadow of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant In the v/orld to-day.
There is no home so dreary or sad, no life
so hard snd bllfrhte<l, n o heart po sad and
lonely, that cannot be *et right and kept right
after a visit to this inypired prophet of modern
times: all lonjr-Ftandlng and chronic diseases
that hav baffled the physician's skill cured
without the use of medicine; he. reunites the
Fpparated, settles lovers' quarreln, causes
speedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasure*, removes evil Influence*; cures fits;
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge: tell* If your lov«*1 one Is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
desire; also that which a person Is host adapt-
ed for In life is pointed out; he enables you to
overcome your enemies: no mntt»r what your
trouble Is. he fan and will help you or
chnrpe yon nothing for his. services.
N. B.— Palmistry taught; mediumtstJc per-
sons developed. 2CVi Kearny bu, near Market.
Readings by mall. . / ¦
If you cannot call, write. Give <1nte of birth,
state whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; n*k six
oue*tlor>«: Incloxe 51. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE F.AM0U8
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tie, love or business troubles, consult this
great' medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice In all affairs
of life; 2Sc up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed,
MRS, DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, la permanently located at 12C8 Mar-
ket *t.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25
and £«: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with gped&l terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sifrhf
dlarrnoses dlseane with life readine; ladle* COc
gents H; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 00. 136 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, olalrvcysnt and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op
Cth: private, readings dally. 10 a. tn. to r, p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
, test medium: 2Kc up, 471 8t*v«n*on st.,cor.6th.
MRS. SEELEY and Mr. Swan have a test
¦ meeting at Cnmbrlan Hall. 1133 Mission; 10c.
MRS. K. BANDERS, the Quaker medium and
palmltt; readings dally. HM Market, r. 28.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 <tth: German spoken; tclHowardl84(.
MME. KEnEDA. the rynsy. 1* the great palm-
ist and card reader. . 2.V. 7 Seventh st.
MME. SCIIAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader,
sittings dally. 41*K Jessie St.. bet. f.th A Cth.
MM^. Al-GITST. clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. . 1148 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA, read* life fluently; bndnwt
advice; names tlven; 23c up. 8 Fourth «t.
CAltPET HEATIXG AXD CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
ftnd to SPAULDING 1 !? Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
lng Works. 35S-337 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CITY £team Carpet-Beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 3S-40 8th et. : tel. South 250.
CARPETS denned at 3c per yard, laid at- 5c.
BTRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.: tel. Jessie 044.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Bfatlns nnd Ueno-
votlnif Co... 240 Fourteenth i"t. : tel. Mission 71.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co. 402 SuUt-r st.;
l«l.. Main 334. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 133 Golden
Gate ove.: telephone East 326.
CHIROPODISTS.
CORNS, bunions. Ingrown nails, warts, chil-
COLLKCTIOX OFFICES.
GKOItOE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. P27 Market M.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE of 3 sunny rooms; garden; cheap *o
email family. 1270 Folsom st.. near Ninth.
COTTAGE~of 4 rooms and bath. 670 Walnut
av. 1 ?.. bet. Octavia and Laguna sts.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
MCDOWELL Dressmaking and Millinery School;
patterns cut; special class rates. 1019 Market.
DRESS skirts, $1 50 up; ehlrt waists, 75o up.
140 Tenth st. _^
ACCORDEON pleating: country orders prompt
>tti»ntlon. 121 Pest, over O'Connor ft Moffatt.
AT~the ELECTRO-DTCNTAL CLINIC. SC3 Mar-
ket st . cor. 4th. rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 M up; plates, extractions free. J4 50 up: of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to W p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fllltnss: extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
t-xperlence: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell Bt.
A— NEW unbreakable plate. Ihe Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
We: plates, jr.. full s*t; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
Dlt. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No chnrge fcr extracting when plates ar«
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from *S per.eet: extracting. SOc; gas given.
THE New York Dentists have moved to J69
Mission rt.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
and bridges: difficult plate work (solicited;
positive painless extraction, 10c.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 135 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full pet of teeth. *4: crowns, U: nlllnga. 25c.
DR. R.L. WALSH. S15»; Geary, nr. Larkln— Paln-
Icfs extraction 50c;plates $3 up;phone Polk 1135.
DK. IL G. TRUEMAN, dentist, third Uoor, Ex-
amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market ft., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plates. DR. H. O.
rniTvf;. i»4i Polk »t.
EDUCATIOXAL.
AY RES'" BuTm^'c^UtigTT^TTviarkeT^t.— Day
and evening: $8 per nv.-iith: toO life scholarship
guarantees ft complete business education, In-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, penmanship, etc.; positions ss-
rured for graduates: catalogue.
WASTED — An office boy to work 2 hours dally
in exchange tuition. Ayres" Business College.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: rt-portoriai phrasing taught: prac-.
tlcal bookkeeping, full course, $G0; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post Bt..
S. F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
and. night sessions: new SO- page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law dnd medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Pnelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confldence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its gradUKtes. 3C5 L&rkin st.
ENGINEERING— Clvll.clec, mlninc. mech., sur-
vey. assny, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1S64. Vnn
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
a FULL course In Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. Han Fran-
cisco Business Collet*!, l"3f. Market st,
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
college graduates; bookkeeping; figures: short
time. TARR, exp. acct.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MIIXER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-43.
Parrott bldg.: Individ. Instruction: catalogue.
FRENCH,Kpanl5h. etc.. Prof. DeFlllppe's Academy
ofLanguages.:20Po5t;eEtab"<l 1S71: ablest profs.
KENT Law School, E29 PrixoU bulldlnc; day
and night; prepares for Supreme Court.
PROF MKRKT. from Paris: violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. 1008 Mission »t.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.: day or eve.; $5 me 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING In high school mathematics a spe-
cialty; simple metho.l", successful. S040 16th.
ILLUPTRATION-PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 414 Pine st.
EMPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Olflce and House-
cleaning Co., best help: ser.d men at nhort
rotlce. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk: tel. Larkln 2C91.
A— UNION Japanese-Chinese Emp. OfHce— Uest
help furn.; domestic servants : work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell: tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI A CO.. 421 Poet st. ; tetf Hush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT. Office; Chinese, Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601
JAPANESE central hou!>«?-oIeHnlng & employ-
ment: nil kinds helt* 104S Sutter: tel. Ea*t 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 51S3.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 428 Powell, nr.Sutter: teL Black 5072.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office —
Best hf.lp. &26 O'Farrell Bt.; tel. Hyde 2191.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office—
Best help. 411H O'Fnrrell st.: tel. Kn»t 426.
EMPLOYMENT AVAXTED — FEMALE.
GERMAN girl wishes position for general
housework. Call 2 Chatham place, off Bush
Bt.. below Stockton: no postals.
WOMAN wants washing by the day, $1 10 per
day. 605. Minna st.; no postals answered.
SWEDISH girl wishes a. situation as general
.housework. Call at ¦ 177 .Perry st.
DRESSMAKER, good cut and fit, wants work
by the day; 75c. Address 30 Seventh St., store.
YOUNG woman wishes position to do house-
work and cooking. 1231 Market st.
WOMAN wishes place to do general house-
¦woik: no objections to country; can care for
Invalid or bring; baby up on the bottle; no
postal*. 2017 Powell gt.
WORKING housekeeper's position wanted by
mlt'rtle-aged woman of .refinement; city or
country; reference. Address MRS. A. P.,
1413 Van Nero ave., lower flat.
NEAT, reliable American young woman desires
a situation as child's nurse; references. Ad-
dress MISS C. M.. Station B. Eaat Oakland.
RELIABLE nurse and housekeeper wishes po-
sition. Address 11C3 Market Bt., bet. Seventh
and Eighth.
COMPETENT Infant's nurse would Ilk* posi-
tion;, can take entire charge; reference. Box
2648. Call ofnee, .
SWEDISH girl wishes situation housework,
plain cooking; wages 120. 3722 Folsom st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to 6J
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at. Call branch ofHce. 2200 FillmorB «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
rubscrlptlons has > bten established at 10J<
Valencia »t. ¦
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
BARKEEPER, 25, married, sober, reliable, de-
sires steady position. Address B. B., S31 Har-
rlson st. ¦¦.-¦¦ . -
YOUNG all-around offlfie man, capable of tak-
-lng.. charge, of office, desires position; will
start low where there Is a chance of work-
Ing up; Al references. Box 2134, Call office.
RELIABLE young man wishes position as man-
ager of or clerk In country grocery and pro-
vision store; Al references. Address box 2028,
Call office. , ; ;
CARRIAGE or wagon smith wishes position;
.town or. country. 'Address N. P. WINTER.
1020 Howard st.
COACHMAN — Situation wanted;: thoroughly
competent horseman, gardener and driver;
city reference. E. - W., 812 Kearny st.
ENOINEER. hoisting, stationary engines: as-
cuetomed to do own firing. Room 134. Royal
, House. ¦ 12C Ellis St. . : ,
WANTED— Work by all-round cook. CIS Van
Ness ave.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED — MALE.
ENGLISHMAN^ speaking F7e^h7~*Gcrman7
Spanish and Portuguese, many years' ex-
• perienco in export business with South and
Central America, having traveled greater
l>art of same. re«ks situation with view of
eventually investing capital. AddrcBS box
_21C0. Call.
YOUNG man (23), German and of good family,'
desires a poaitlon of nny kind; has good
j habits, . sober and steady. best references
from the U. K. aroiy and If. S. transport ser-
vlce. Box 21Cfi, Call office.
MECHANICAL ar.-l civil entfnrer and drafts-
man with wide experience wishes employ-
ment. Addretsa K. I.'., box 2173. Call office.
RELIABLE nn<l honest younjr man with clean
vm<\ noble habita .desires situation. Box 2171,
Call office.
MACHINIST, lathe or h*nch hand, wishes
work: young man of Fteady. temperate l-.atilts.
Address boy 2111. Cnil office.
STRONG and wlllinr vounp man of 22 to do
porter work. LJox I6SD. Call office. £
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore «t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisement* and
subscriptions has been established at 1954
Valencia Kt.
FBATimn. 'PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to havo
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest Fanitnry procens . mny address
FEATHKR FACTORY. 244 Stevfenson at.
PLATS TO LET.
TO LET— Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent J10. 1C02
McAllister st. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 -Montgomery st.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath. $18. 1933 Mason st.
SACRAMENTO, 135,>— Flat of three rooms; sep-
8 rate entrance; rent U2 00.
TWO sunny modern flats, 6 rooms and bath
each. 3C7 and 975 Golden Gate ave.
4 ELEGANT new sunny rtats of 9 and 10 rooms.
S72 to SSO Eddv Bt.. near Van Ness ave.
FLATS TO MCT KIIKNISIISO.
FOR rent— Finely furnished 6-room flat In
Western Addition; rent reasonable to small
famllv. Apply at Bee Hive Shoe Company,
717 Market st. -
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak US 50. with No. 7 ,
range. King Furniture, Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNISHED flat. 4 rooms and bath, for sale .
cheap. 607 Powell st.
FURNITURE WAXTEIJ.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkln; tel.Polk 691;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cabh.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc., 6ee J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton el.: tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture tel. Folsom
2243 New Enterprise Furn. store, 1114 Mission.
TO receive highest vclue for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.; tel. Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St., pays hlghrct
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
HELP WANTED — FE3IALE.
AT C. R. HA.NSL'X & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 1S3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, $22 JO, fare
paid; 2 waitresses, same country hotel. $22 50,
faro paid: waitresses, Dixon, Martinez, An-
tioch. Palinas, Menlo Park. Palo Alto, Red-
wood City and city, 120 and $25; waitress.
short distance, $20 and free fare, and 2
waitresses, south, $22 60 and fare paid; 2
chambermaids, city. $20; cook, country ho-
tel, $30; shampooer for springs, $23, faro ad-
vanced ;j girl to answer telephone, $5 week;
Ecrubber for store, $1 a day
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Any plrl or woman wanting work In a pri-
vate family at wages from $10 to $30 can get
it by calling on us. We have places coming
In dally for experienced help and others to
learn. Apply C. R. HANSEN & CO., 1C4
Geary st.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
6 more waitresses. Salt LoUe City, half fare
paid, full fare advanced, see head waiter
here: 12 waitresses, different country hotel*.
J20 and 122 50: 6 waitresses, city, S20; 2 restau-
rant waitresses. 16 an<3 J": 2 chambcrm'ds, $iS.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
French sreond girl, $20; German housegirl,'
J20: German nurse. 1 child (same place), $20;
houseslrl. Santa Cruz. $20, tee lady here;
housegirl. city, T30; 2 houseRirlj, $23, and
many others. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. S33
Geary st.
2 NEAT young salesladies for store, $1 day:
no experience necessary. MRS. II. E. DAY
& CO., 335 Geary at.
GOOD opemtors on pants; must know how to
finish; good wages; steady work. 2223V4 Mis-
sion et.
FIRST-CLABS upstairs girl and good seam-
stress; good references required. Apply Mon-
day from 10 to 12 at 1900 Jackson st.
GIRL as cook with references, family of 3
and 3 children. Apply after P, 2C01 Brod-
erlck St., corner of 'Washington.
RELIABLE Rlrl for second work, famllv of 3
and 3 children. Apply after 9, 2201 Broder-
ick St., corner of Washington.
WANTED — Experienced apprentice jrlrl to
work on fine coats. 134 Kearny et., room 9.
WANTED— Ctrl to wait at table; email restau-
rant; call after 7 a. m. 12 Eighth st.
FIRST-CLASS pants finisher wanted: steady
work. Apply 933 Market st.. room 10.
WANTED— Good finisher on custom coats; also
apprentices. £'27 Market St.. room 623.
WANTED — Middle-aged woman for housework;
no objection to one child. 319 Third st.
PROTESTANT 'girl; $20; small family. 1600
Washington et., corner Larkln.
WANTED — Operators and finishers on ladleV
shirt waists. Apply 326 O'Farrell, basement.
FIRST-CLASS waitress. Myrtle Bakery, 204
Sixth st. .
NEAT girl for upstairs work at sewing; wages
$15. 11S0 O-Farrell gt.
FIRST-CLASS button-hole makers on vests;
wages no object. 9W Mission st.
GERMAN plrl for general housework and plain
cooking; $15 to $20. S05 Scott fit.
WAIST hands and • Improvers wanted at 1407
Laguna st. .
YOUNG girl, $15; general housework. 3328
Twenty-fifth St.; call bet. 10 and 12.
WANTED— Lady partner with $65 take charge
dining-room. Box 2G72, Call office.
WANTED— Good waitress; also a good second
Klrl. Apply 20 Third St.
TOUNO girl to wait at table. 108 Hayes Bt.
WANTED— Young lady barber at 116 Pacific st.
OPERATORS on custom coats; light work;
steady; high wages. 40 Ellin et.. room 62.
WANTED-Seecnd plrl. Email family;, wages
$20. Apply 922 Eddy Bt. .
WANTED— Wn 1st and skirt hands at 14 Grani
. nvc, - room 64..
WAN TE D-f}|rl to .help wait in restaurant
515 Valencia st.
NEAT young- girl to assist In car* of baby.
1836 Sutter st.
RESTAURANT waitress wanted. People's
Restaurant. 631 Clay gt. .
FINISHERS on pants: steady work. £58 How-
ard, bot. 4th and Eth. over handball court.
WANTED-Glrl for general housework ; three
In family. 2405 Webster st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework. Ap-
ply S0C3 Sixteenth St.. above Mission.
EXPERIENCED operators on pants wanted
by S. N. WOOD & CO. Apply at factory, 27
Geary gt. -. .
EXPERIENCED operators on ladies' shirt
walstn; steady work. S. F. MANUFO. CO.,
. 4C9A Turk st.
•¦ '
OPERATOR and finisher; custom coats; good
wyes; steady. G. COHN & CO., 775 Market.
WANTED— Clever widow over 28: good man-
ager. Box 2193. Call office. -.
CANDY saleslady, experienced. Call from 10
to 12 to-day. BLUM'S, cor. Polk and Sutter.
WANTED — Dressmaker and apprentice. Apply
S05 Ellis at. ... - ..'..
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants at 75c
a pair at 15C New Montgomery st., room 10."
EXPERIENCED apprentice on coats. 1 Cohen
place, uff EUla. near Leavenworth.
WANTED— Woman to go In country aa cook.
Box 2644, Call office. , -:'--
WANTED— Talloress. 103 Fifth t.
WANTED— Waist and skirt makers at 234 Post
Et.. room 10.
WANTED— Young girl to do light housework;
live Rt home. 231 . Post st. .
XV ANTED— Flrst-cla.-s finisher on pants. 461H
Minna St.. near Sixth; wages $10. ¦¦:,-. •
WANTED— First-class finisher on pants; union
work. Address 806 -Minna Bt. .- r ' .
"WANTED— A ' French or German girl for up-
stalrr. work; good wages. \ Call 3601 Clay. Bt.\
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market et.. room 33.
HELP WANTED FEMALE — .Cob,
A GERMAN girl to wait on invalid lady;
must be good sewer. 2120 Jackson St.; call 9
and. 11 a. m. or between 5 and 6 p. m.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and coat
hands. Apply at 1200 Geary st.. after t
O'clock J. m.
BUTTON-HOLE maker and finishers, appren-
tiefs on vests: paid while learning. I0"J
Kearny st.. room 2. '
HAND sewers wanted at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S factory, 'iVh Krcmont Bt.; good wages.
Apply to MR. DAVIS.
BUTTON sewers on shirts wanted at .LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36V4 Fremont st. Apply to
Mr. HendFhaw.
WANTED— Girl to assist in housework and
cooking. Apply between 8 and 12 a. m., 2211
Sutter st. '
GIKIi for general housework: wucts $i0. 403
Fair Oaks St., cor. Twenty-fifth.
WANTED— Younir girl to assist in light house-
work: sleep home. 403 Grove st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. 641 Mar-
ket st.
THREE experienced waitresses wanted at 1007
Market st. .
OPERATOR on pants. 83 Third st.
LADY to solicit orders from gents; salary and
commission. Address box 2865. Call office.
PANTS finishers wanted by a. N. WOOD &
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary sL
APPRENTICE for millinery; apply between 8
and 9. 605 Powell «t. . .
OPERATORS shirts and overalls; Inexperienced
Instructed. Heynemann & Co., 410 Mission st.
SKIRT maker to make- skirts at home. 751
Market St.. L. HORVITZ. -.
GIRL for general housework. Call 806 Laurel
St., between Sacramento and Clay.
FIRST-CLASS flnlrhera on coats. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 641 Market St.
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants; steady
work; good pay. 541 Market st.
CLEVER woman to hire agents in town; sal-
ary and traveling - expenses. Box 2116. Call.
WANTED— Good woman cook for men. Apply
2030 Seventeenth st.. near Vermont.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1W«
Valencia ft.
HELP WANTED MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Free fare .... Railroad Work.... Free fare.
Ship Dally
30 drillers and tunnel men for big tunnel.
Chatsworth Park $3 to $2 50 a day
Teamsters and laborers. California & N. W.
R. R., $2 a day; 20 laborers for S. P. Co.'s
own work. $1 75 a day.' board $4 50 week
Coal miners Coal miners
White or Colored
Married or Single
See Superintendent Here To-day
Good mines Best of wages
Free fare Free fare
Driver for milk wagon, $33 to $10; 2 farmers,
$2C; 2 Swiss milkers, $30; milker. $30 to $43;
gardener, country hotel, $25
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
German meat and -pastry cook, country ho-'
tel, $45: third cook, country hotel, $30; third
cook, railroad eating house, $30, free fare;
cook, oyster and chop house, country, $40:
vegetable cook, country hotel. $33: German
third cook, mine boarding house, $35: butler,
good references, private family, $30 to $40:
10 waiters, $35, $40, $45 and $00; neat young
man with good references to make beds and
do housework for gentlemen's club, $25
Washer, country laundry, $«. frte fare;
polisher, country hotel laundry. $45, half fare
paid; washer. 535. hand laundry, country ho-
tel; faro advanced. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary Bt.
WE have plenty of orders In our Los Angeles
office for laborers and kitchen help. C. R.
HANSSN-& CO., 104 Geary st. '
A— WANTED
Night nurse for institution, short distance in
the country, $25 per month, with board, lodg-
ing and laundry and Increase. W. D. EWER
& CO., 610 Clay st.
NOTICE—
W. D. EWER & CO. guarantee every posi-
tion advertised. We will pay fare both ways
and refund fees to any one not offered work
where wa send him. No other agents give
this guarantee. If you want to go to work
come and cee us, and don't take chances at
unreliable employment offices. We want to-
day, among others, the following help:
Blacksmith and shoe shop, near city...:
$2 60 to J3 day
German ranch blacksmith $40 and board
German ranch blacksmith's helper.. $30 and bd
Planing mill man, country mill $3 a day
Stock sawyer, furniture factory, city.
„ $2 to $2 60 a day
2 coopers, slack work, country.. $35 and board
Engineer, must have worked In hotel, city..
$30 and board
Gardener, milk 2 cows, private, country.. $25
2 plow hands, near city $30
2 vineyard hands. Santa Clara $25
Orchard hand, Sonoma County $25
Four-horsa teamster, city $35
JO farmers, different ranches. .$20. $25 and $30
Farmer and milk. $25: green German farmer,
$20: milkers. $30 and $33: hostler. $45; second
cook, city, $35; waiters, $25 and $30. W. D.
EWK-R & CO.. CIO Clay st.
AT Cal. Emp. Agency. 69 Third, phone Red 31—
Man and wife, private place, country, $10,
eee party here: orchard man. must under-
stand spraying, $1 day and board, chance for
¦advancement: S ranch men, $20: mill and
¦woodsmen, redwood ttemakers. woodchoppers
$1, $1 25 per cord; men to make pickets and
posts; old man for restaurant, $15. room and
board. Cal. Emp. Agency, 59 Third St.
WANTED— Men to cook for 5 men; wages $15.
Call ANDRE. 316 Stockton tt.
WANTED — An elderly man for plain book-
keeping; wages $10. ANDRE. 313 Stockton st.
A GARDENER and wife for private place: $.'0;
very choice place; fare paid. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 335 Geary at. _- ¦
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Young man to assist housekeeper In club. $25.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union
meets TO-NIGHT, at 8:30 o'clock. 32 CFar-
rell st. I. LESS. Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
__
. ' COFFEE
SALESMAN
Who knows, enough about coffee to t»ll by
appearance in roasted state country of pro-
duction (of main varieties),
If reliable and bright
And willing to go on the road.
May find a position with A. SCHILLING &
CO., San Francisco. Don't call In person,
but make your application In writing. State
experience, nationality, agre, married or sin-
gle, ralary expected: references required.
Address box 21S4, Call.
MEN — Our catalogue txplainB how we teach the
trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We. have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture
are all made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
-MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay St.
Beware of any cheap Imitations.
WANTED— Reliable young man with $30 or
$75 cash, J30 month and board: no experience
required. Restaurant, 496 Fourth et.
VANTED — For night work, experienced waiter
for coffee and chop house; steady and quick.
Address box 2658, Call.
WANTED — Experienced agent able to handle
$10 proposition: no house to house canvassing.
L. S. HIGLEY, Y. M. C. A.
WANTED— A man to work in a coal business;
ono who understands hay and grain; refer-
ences required; state salary. Box. 2666. Call.
BIG Inducement for young man to solicit for
merchant tailor.- 1215 Market st.
WANTED— Tailors on cuntom coata; high
wages; cteady work. 40 Ellis at., room 52.
TWO painters. Call at CARTAN A SONS,
Clay and Taylor eta. - .
3 PRESSMEN and apprentice boys on pants.
734 ¦ Montgomery at.
DISHWASHER wanted at 811 Montgomery
r avenue. ' . - .
WANTED— First-class bootblack In barber
ahop at 324 Montgomery at. .
BLACKSMITH'S helper, accustomed to wagon
work and horseshoeing. 437 Francisco Bt.
VANTED— Second cook at 660 Howard street.
ERRAND boy wanted. • 126 Kearny St., room 1;
wages $3 per week. .
WANTED-A help in restaurant 113 Turk at.
BARBERS! 'Good paying 2-chalr shop cheap;
must sell. DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis.
DRIGHT men of ' good : address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
9 a. m. at 302 Post. st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
- price. EG2 Mission bt.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
MAN to make short orders and help on range
$0 week. Depot Restaurant, 210 Townsend at.
BLACKSMITHS for whaling cruise; also'car-
penters, at HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
YOUNG men ' to go . whaling;, no experience
required. L. LEVY. Battery and Jackson.
PANTS presses wanted by S. N; WOOD & CO.
Apply at factory. 27 Geary at. - ¦
COAT.* pants and vest maker for country. Ap-
;ply REISS BROS.. 24 Sutter at. • ..
STOCK ' - sawyer for • furniture - factory. 3071
Seventeenth st., . near Folsom. •• ¦¦•¦.¦
HELP AVAXTED— MALE Con.
A— MURTIAY 4 READY Phone Main SS4S
...Leading Employmwit and Labor Agents...
....White male help of all kinds furnished....
FREE OF CHARGE TO
Every Employer of Help
No syndicate too larae. no firm too smalt for
us to supply. No objection to distance. We
ship good help to all parts of the world.
Employers of help: I'hone. telegraph, write
or call In person and procure your help from
MURRAY & READY".
We gave employment
In 1SS7 to upward of 17.C0O men.
In 1?9S to upward of 19.CC0 men.
In 1889 to upward cf 21,000 men.
In 1900 to unward of 3o.C00 men.
HELP WANTING WORK— Hundreds of
places awaiting your selection.
COME READ OUR BULLETIN BOARDS.
ML'ltUAY &¦ READY. C34-63? Clay tt.
A— HELP WANTED 7 A. M. MONDAY
BLACKSMITHS MACHINISTS
Machinists for lumber company.. H> and found
2 machinists, countiy shop ....$3 60 day
Machinist, lathe hand, country
lunch blacksmith K2 and found
Blacksmith for the njines j«o
Sarh and door maker Sheetlron worker
3 blacksmiths, different places
' J:' f.O day. $10 and found
FARM?. ORCHARDS. ETC
4 plow t-amsters. large ranch J30
3 farm hands, same, ranch $30
2 farmers, vineyard • J2B
15 farm and orchard hands $:5 an-. MO
8 milkers *30 and $.15
MISCELLANEOUS
Young man to carry r->all and work In coun-
try store $- ;
4 laborers, no experience necessary, for the
mines $20
Choreman. private place Choreboys
man and wife for .\inch on shares
Stableman, country 530
3 Btablercen and hostlers $50 and $00
Man to work In coal yard; 6 boya for factory,
$1 40 week ,--
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Assistant butcher, country hotel, see boss
here
10 walteia, city and country $30
German hotel cook, $40; second and third
cooks; g cookF. different places, $30. $40 and
$io; boy for bakery, city
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
WANTED— In Ban Francisco, manufacturing
establishment an experienced matcher hand;
wages S3 per day to suitable man. Box 2ii<">.
Call office. _^__
BARBER shop for sale In the best mining
town in the State. Apply DECKELMAN
BROS.. 106 Ellis st. -
WANTED-tAI Mills College, good gardener of
e^rerlence; recommended.
MEN OR WOMEN.....'.
...i Paid Bis Commissions —
UTICA CLEANSING COMPOUND COM-
PANY. 21- Spear st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to fcnoT
that Kd Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 -Third St.; 153 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
PARBERS all invited to call and see the latest
improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back": It's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. 723 Market St.. first floor up.
FIRST-CLASS blacksmith and first-class man
that can straighten steel plates, etc. Waltz
Safe and Lock Co., 100-111 Market St.
MCDONALD & PERRY have SCO pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; SOc up: drummers' sam-
ples and slightly damaged shoes. 241 Third.
WANTED — A" young man about 18 years of
age to work .In. grocery; must speak German
and have some experience. Apply 458 Sixth.
WANTED— 1000 men to try the best 10c and 13c
meals in the city -at 410 Kearny st. ; the
Maine Restaurant.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard st.;
no barroom chairs used in this college.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
• to 60c. E62 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— ICO men to take' rooms. 10c, 13c and
*. 20c. f Boston House, 920 Howard st.
BARBER shop for rale; good location; cheap
rent. I'M Steuart tt.
ENGRAVERS wanted. Apply CALIFORNIA
PHOTO-ENGRAVING CO.. 513 Market St.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply at 627 Fourteenth
street.
BAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen * green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
PENSIONS— J. H. Shepard & Co., old reliable
firm. SC6 Market, room 40. Phelan bulldins.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st- near Mar-
ket: "00 rooms. 23c night: reading- rooms; free
'bus and baggage to. and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and rub<«crlptlons
received at Call branch office, 2200Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. • .
HORSES AND WAGONS.
TWENTY head of well-broken drlvlnr and
work horses, matched teams; also a number of
broken young mules, 12C0. FRED H. CHASE
& CO., 1732 Market st.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.
' rarts. harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
327 Sixth st.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
HANDSOME black horss. 8 years; sound: 13
hands: weighs 1130: guarantee title; also new-
road buggy and harness. 476 Geary at.
FINE horse and buggy; o.'sr» covered wagon. 2
good horses and harness, for salo cheap. J2U
Buchanan st. ¦
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Panccast, see. 010 Golden Gate ave.
A NEW pneumatlc-tlre-.l road buggy. DR. L.
.KRAKER, veterinary dentist. 164 Golden
Gate ave.. corner Leavenworth st.
FOR sale — Nlne-parsenger wagon. 5 Montgora-
ery gt. or 1340 East Fourteenth at. Oakland.
THREE fast road horses; also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st.
THREE fine second-hand surreys; ona 4-ton
: express wagon. 48 Eighth at.
A— 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons,
carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140 Folsom.
AN A No.' 1 express vragon. single, also light
camping wagon, for tale cheap. 532 Mission.
* HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Houses to let; send tor clr-
cular. G. II. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgamery.
NICELY furnished house, 9 rooms and bath;
will rent furnished or unfurnished; reason-
nble. 1625 Post «t.
HOUSES TU LKT — KUKNISUED.
TO let— Nicely furnished C-room house: electrto
lights, porcelain bath, piano, etc. S17 Devlsa-
dero St.. near Hayes.
LOST AND FOUND.
COMING from beach on blue cars, small tele-
scope basket containing ladles* wearing ap-
parel, gold cufr buttons In shirt waist, valued
as keepsakes. Please return 2121 Sutter st.
LOST— March 9, English retriever; license 2SS3;
reward for Information as to Its whereabouts
I'lO Baker St.: phone Geary 363.
FOUND— Bicycle on Turk and Taylor sts., San
Francisco. Owner please call for at SD^i
Turk at. ¦ . , '
LOST— Llewylln setter bitch; reward. 213 Dar
street. •
LOST— Small Marguerite pin; pearl petals-
small diamond in center: gift of a decease-]
&£&v.^^^,T1g" t0 SLiaE c -
LOST — Gold Din with two' diamonds and one
emerald, surrounded" ty pearls. Return to
MISS HAAS. 2007 Franklin ct; reward.
LIBERAL reward for return or Information
of small white and brown dog. female; loat
from 2 Golden Gate' arve.. March 4.
ARASMO LUCIDO of Black Diamond will pay
a reward, of. $40 to any one who will return
to him a salmon net lost In the netghbor-
hood of Rodeo, near Vallejo Junction. Feb. 27.
FOUND— Blue horse, weight about 1150; owner
can have same by paying expenses and prov-
ing property. Apply JOHNSON & BROWN'S
dairy, near Six-Mile. House. San Bruno road.
Wanted — Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
jeweler. 243 O'Farrell..bet. Powell and M-\son.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious rtonea
bought. J. R. JENKEL. $17 Market tt.
' JIATRIHOMAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
aend 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellla st.
-/- , .. B^EPICAL. ,~~ ~~~
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; ladles only; my reg-
ulator has no equal: all classes of female
.complaints .relieved by. treatment superior to
'all others: the only treatment that helps the
•unfortunate; -the most o*«Unate . cases are
¦Immediately relieved .without pam; no other
treatment will, do this; the most difficult
cases treated: sclentlfle methods guaranteed.
-DR. Q. W. O'DONNELL. 1018 Mrkt. opp. 5th.
DR; and MRS. DA VIES; 1223 Market, the well-
¦known ladles' specialists; 32 years' practice;
perfectly reliable; a positive cure guaranteed
at office;, patients treated can return same
-day; those wlthtng to treat themselves should
(tend for the HINDOO HERB HOMETHEAT-
*MENT:a sure cure: gives Instant relief; harm-
less;. any one-can use it; stamp for circular.
MRS. DR.' ALLEN— Removed to HIS Market,
bet. Taylor and Mason; ladles' specialist.
MEDICAL— Continued.
DR. POPPER— Newly impr^o^^eliuTnTreff^
lator can only be had at my office; for all
female complaints; beware of Imitations- can
b« sent; n years' experience. 323 Kearny st.
MRS. DR. WTETII, reliable specialist: 25 yrs T
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office: any aliment: home for patients; con-
sult free. 942 Post st. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market St.. cor. Stxth^
Safe end reliable ladles' • specialist: privat*
home before and during crnflnoment.
MRS. GOODWIN. 10C3 Market— Private hom»
for patients before and during confinement-
well known: implicit confldence: reliable.
MEX-TAL-VIS.
NO matter whether pronounced Mental-vis.
Men-talvls or Mentalvis. it la nevertheless tn«
greatest and best friend of humanity in thi»
world to-day. Pale and sickly tinmen — wr>-
men whose nenres are shattered; despondent
and disappointed women, will find McntalvH
a beacon light In the darkest hour of their
despair. What Uentalvls reveals cannot he
fnund in any book nf any land. / It Is an Oral
demonstration of Human capabilities, and In
l«ss than three (3) minutes after you enter
the room you wilt be charmed and amazed at
the truthfulness of Its revelations. To thos<»
In love it Is a marvel. To all sad-hearted
folks It Is a Star of Hope. To these disap-
pointed in business and domestic matters tt
1*< the guide post of happiness and success.
Mentalvls doesn't guess; doesn't prophesy,
coesn't <lo things in « "mysterious way," but
do** its work In broad daylight on a scientlflo
riasi». Absolutely and emphatically confiden-
tial to one and all, and all It costs la $1 oral-
ly. • Extra char«r« If typewritten. Parlors
now open. UC4 Market St.. room ZS.
JttI5CELLA.\EOCS^FOn SALE.
E 2. I -U KnS ' ?"^f^r^d^ha^^Iehlneryr'il^
TSTOSH A WOLPMAX. 135-197 Fremont St.
BARS, hack bars, mirrors, s&owcasea, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: w» always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
« complete cutftts on one floor, ready made;
JJ* "n "hip everything: In 54 hours. J.
i2^ =. ' 1017 ' 1C1 '' lc:i - ira Mission st..
above Sixth; write for catalorue.
AMERICAN, men's *lze. It-karat boss-flUed or
crescent case watches, with Waltham cr El-
Kin movements, only $11. UNCLE HARRI3.
la Grant ave.
I'OR sale— Lumber and flre-wood, T mantels.
stationary washstands. French ranjrss. bath-
tubs brick, etc. Monday morning-. Sutter
and Cough sts.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, hollers, water pipes, nhaftlnr oullevs
etc. WHITELAW. Tit Spear st. P""^*'
A BEAUTIFUL pair genuine Lemalr opera
Rtasses for V>. worth Jli. UNCLE HARRIS.
13 Grant ave.
FOR Sale— One 80-horsepower boiler, t drums.
Fulton mine hoist. For particulars address
J. PORRICELLA. Angels Camp. Cal.
TYPEWRITERS at- any price to close them
out: different mak**: call early for bargains
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 4C0 California.
A— S9-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at 214 Callforcla st.
A-15 AND IS II. P. boiler; S IL P. enzlne":
cheap. J. BURKE. 123 Ileale «t.
FOR sale— 2 barber chairs; C other chairs, eta.
Apply littl Valencia st.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at lorr
flfrures. L. & it. ALEXANDER. 110 Monta'y.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d-hand;
all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL. SS Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern enulnes and,
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil, water and a!r ma-
chinery bought and sold. 'White. SIS Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and made lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 1C3 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st,
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving: pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. m Post st.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. TH3
WALTZ SAFE. 1C0-111 Market St.. San Fran.
MISCELLANEOUS TV'AXTS.
TILTON'S New Misfit Parlors wants masquer-
ade, ladles' and (rent's clothing. 124 Ninth
St.: tel. Folsom 253.
OLD gold and silver and diamonds bought. 2CI
Kearny st.. room 412.
MILL VALLEY HOUSES TO LET.^~
6 MONTHS or more, residence 13 rooms, mod-
ern Improvements, stable, convenient to da-
pot, orchard; also flat. 7 rooms, stable, larz*
»rrotind<". conveniently located. Apply P.
GARDNER. M1H Valley. Cal.
MATTRESSES A\D UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES and upholstery; teL South 732;
to order or renovated. feather and hair
steamed: expert carpet cleaning: strictly r«-
liable. HOPKE LTv^S.. ilS-CO Eleventh st.
MIXES AXD MIXIXG.
MINES bought and sold; also stocks in mines
and oil companies. Prcf. John Tllton, nns.
475-476. 4th floor. Barrett bldg: 10-12: 1-3.
BIOSEY TO LOAX.
. ...-------------------------
A— MONEY to loan at rates which peopls can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; da
not borrow of your friends or you will loss
their friendship; do bu3lnesa with strangers
and you will be better satisfied: no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. SOS Market st.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
eecond mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
In estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor.
Chronicle building. HALLORAN A OL3EN.
ANY amount at « per cent; first, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought: no de-
lay; get my terms before doing business) else-
where. R-McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J.
1 HIGHLY respectable, private placa to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 844 Market
St.: tel. Main 1644. Branch 13 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by privat*
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room i. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jonta.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds.
watches. Jewelry. "W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old sold, silver, diamonds.
ON furniture, pianos; n<k removal; money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terroa: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room ts.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal;
no commission; private. Room 81. t Eddy it.
MONEY to loan by private party: any security;
reasonable Interest. Box 2683. Call office.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. rm. 44. Merchants' Ex. 431 California.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. Home Bldg. Co.. 122 Sansome. r. 2.
CASH loaned on salaries; New York plan. THH
TOUSLEY CO., 321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on not» without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANT oerson having use for a piano can be ac-
commodated at Sherman, Clay & Co. s with
eaelest payments, lowest prices and most re-
liable makers to choose from. Each the best
of their grade, from Steinway down. Priv-
ilege given to exchange medium and hr
priced pianos for a new Steinway any tlm»
within three years from date of purchase.
Beautiful new uprights sold for {3 cash and
JJper month. We offer to sell some good
planes at $3. $4 and $5 per month. SHER-
MAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway dealers, cor-
ner Kearny and Sutter sta.. San Francisco;
corner Broadway and Thirteenth St.. Oai-
land. t
OUR advice- to-day Is short and to tha point-
Buy now. Buy from ua. Buy a Decker A
. Son If you con afford tt. If you cannot, then
bar a Packard. Baumelster. Stnltb * Barnes
or a Willard piano. We sell on easy pay-
ments If you do not want to pay cash.
MACVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7ff Market st. .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest hou»*
west of Chicago Is KOHLER St CHASE'S, 26.
28 and SO O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
all other musical Instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every*
' thing possible done to pleas* and satisfy th*
customer.
A STORAGE auction pUno sale; 21 fin* pianos.
Just removed from storage room and placed
on sale; offers wanted to /area them out.
WILSON*8 STORAGE. 170« Market st.
THIS week only, we offer ten new piano*
(samples) at half price to eloae -them out.
THE J. DEWIXO CO., 12 Flood building;.-
A FEW new pianos for $130; second
• hand from »3O. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX.
IS O'Farrell st. Chlckerlng and Vose agency.
60 .UPRIGHTS: all makes; $75 up; rent 13, al-
. lowed If purchased. HEINE PIANO CO., ZiJ
Geary at.
FINE standard upright piano, also parlor sett
sacrifice; leaving city. 324 Golden- Gate ave.
SPECIAL sale or pianos this week; Steinway
Knabe and others. BRUENX. 208 Post at.
NEAT, small square. *Si 11 Avery at.. b«t.
Geary an«l Pest. FUlxnore and Stelner.
BIGGEST bargain In Flaher upright nJano*
nearly new; must be sold. 301 Jonea at, '
CLOSING out stock of elegant pianos- -end
foe price. W. C. HAMILTON, g Flood bldg.
HIGH-GRADE planes; Steels. Hardman. Con-
¦ over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co.. 3M Post.
BARGAIN— Must be sold; nice UDrla-ht ni»«Z"
SCHMITZ.U McAllister si. %?«£!». SiSfcAn area of low pressure Is central off the
Oregon and Washington coast, moving- slowly
eastward. The pressure^' has fallen over the
country west of th« Rocky Mountains and is
generally from three to five-tenths of an inch
below the normal.
Cloudy weather with- rain prevails over tho
country west of . the Rocky Mountains and
from the Tehachapl northward to Puget Sound.
The -rain, has been light in most districts.
Enow Is falling In Western Nevada.
Tho temperature has fallen In Northern
California, Western Nevada and Southern
Oreffon. . ;
High southerly winds are reported generally
from Northern California and the plateau re
gion.
Conditions are favorable for the rain to ex
tend over Southern California Monday. .
Forecast made at Pan Francisco {or thirty
hours, ending midnight. March 11, 1901:
Northern California— Cloudy, with rain Mon
day; cooler In southern portion; brisk to high
southerly wind.
Southern California— Cloudy Monday, with
rain; cooler; brisk southerly wind.
Nevada— Rain pr snow Monday; cooler; high
southerly wlzjd. '
Utah— Rain or snow; cooler Monday; high
southerly wind. ' " \
Arizona — Rain Monday,, with enow In the
mountains- of the north portion; cooler; high
eouthcrly wind. .
San Francisco and \-IcInlty— Rain Monday;
brink to high southerly wind. . • ¦ . .
G. H. WILLSOJT.
Local Forecast Official.
FORECAST.
San Francisco data: Maxtmum temperature,
57; minimum, 45; mean. 51.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
(120th Meridian— PaeiHc Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, March 10-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with tho«e of the same date
last season and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Weather Report.
Estate and guardianship Robert G. Lock
wood (minor) (by S. E. Talbot, guardian) to
same, all interest In same; $225.
Grace M. Talbot (Lockwood), Edward 5.
Lockwood and Leola E. Johnson {Lockwood)
to same, undivided three-ntths interest in
same; J1C20.
George H. Holt to Margaret M. Holt, lot
on \V line of Shotwell street. ZOO S of Four
teenth. S 25 by W 120; Sift.
John Davidson to Qulrin Schosser,. lot on "W
line of Alabama street, 1E8 S of Twentieth,
S 26 by W 100; $1000.
Same to Anton Eggert, lot on W line of
Alabama street, 130 S of Twentieth, S 26 by \V
100- $1000.
Anna Joost (wife of Behrend) to Charles
Brockstedt. lot* on E line of Vicksburg street,
65 8 of Twenty-third, S 23 by E 117:6; 11000.
Estate Ellen McNamara (by James A. Mc-
Namara. executor) to Louise Oauthier, lot on
NE corner of Green and MontKomery streets,
N fi3:S by E 6S:9; |*oa
Flora. and Charles Zacharlas to Mary John
son, undivided one-flfth interest in lot on S
line" of Washington street, 70 E of Kearny.
E 47:6 by S 81:8; 18S5.
Estate Elizabeth G. "Welsh <by Grace A.
Wagoner. Mary J. Etlllman and Charles 0.
Welsh, executors) to Domenico Dlfranco, lot
on S line of Francisco street, 45:6 E of Taylor,
E 46 by S 66;- 12700. J /
Flora D. Jones to Grat Cauhape, lot on SE
line of Harrison street, 180 SW of. Fourth,
SW 25 by SE 80; J2000.
Frederick E. and Carrie M. Wadsworth, John
TV. and Mary AW Robertson to Annie L. Mc-
Namara.. lot on.3_ilne of Eighteenth (Sol.uio)
street. 75 W of Mississippi, W 25 by 8 100; $1000.
Union Trust Company cf Pan Francisco to
Margaret J. Thurston. lot on NW corner of
O street and Eighth avenue. XV £7:6 by N ICO;
»100C. - - •
John 'W. and Martha Hamerton to "William
C. Hamerton, lot on f?E line of Ban Jose ave
nue,"266 NB or. Twenty-ninth street, SE 34:6,
6W 25. NW E9:6. NE 25:6; J23OO.
Virgrinla. Joseph, Lulgl, Rosa C. and Eliza
beth Kerea to Nicholas Ohlandt, commencing
at a point 45 NE from iron monument on E
line of lot 1, Belle Roche City Homestead,
NE 110. NE 75 to S line of right of way of
Southern Pacific Railroad, thence SW 70. SW
145 to beginning; I30O.
Alameda County.
' H. 0. BwtUy (single) to B. F. Allison, all in
terest in lot 9 and NE £0 feat of lot 8, block K.
Stanford Tract. Oakland: J1500.
James J. White to Mary White. lots 5 to 14,
block 113. Kellersberger'a Map, Oakland; also
lot on NE corner of Fifteenth and Wefet streets
N 103:9 by B SO. lots 1 nnd 2, block G. North
Oakland Homestead Association. Oakland: also
the N 45 feet of lot 4 pnd 5 feet by 45 feet off
W side of lot 6, block H. same, Oakland; gift
William H. Knight 'administrator: estate "of
Annie E. 'Kldgway. by J. B. Lanktree, com
missioner) to Charles A. Bailey, lots 11 and 12.
biock 134, Corrected Map, Avery Tract, Berke
ley; «69. —_.¦
Alraon B. Dixon to Earah E. Dlxon, I'erecord
C75 d 204, lot on E line of Regent street. Home
stead 231, lot on 8. line. of Falrvictv street S
129. B Rt.fO. N to a -point K 90. N 22C to bo.
frinnlng. ISerkeley: also lot on W line of Ade
line strrct. 66.?2 N fro:n N line of lands of
Uurbank. N'«; XV 15S:t9,H 44.14, E to begin
ning. Berkeley; also lot en W line of Adsiine
etreet. lS3;lti of ¦ Fairview. S 42, W : 11.1, x
37.S5. E to beginnlns.oi block 2, map of prop
erty of A. I*. Dixon. Berkeley; gift. -
The Equity Dulldln^ and Ixian Association
to Maria M. Henderson, lot on S line of Seventh
street. 73 AV of Brush. W 2> by S 100, block 37
KcllMTberEer'H 'Map; ¦ Oakland: $SCO.
The Tiquity liulldtnr and Loan Association to
Annie H.Sloote (wife of Samuel). lot on E
Alfred C. Gehret to Christian Gehret. lot en
V? line of Fillmore street. 50 S of Hayes, B
25 by W 106:3: $2500.
Wllhelm and Laura Freund to Mary Hoenes
(wife of 'William H.), lot on S line of Bush
Etreet, 67 V* of Rroderlck, XV 29 by S 100; grant.
William II. Jordan to Milton F. • Gabbs, lot
on V line of Jackson street, 107:6 W of Spruce,
W *30 by N l'T.SK: »3000. , T ,
Estate Mabel R. L. Cramer (formerly Lock^
wood) (by Hettle E. Cramer, administratrix)
to Thomas W. Read, undivided one-flfth Inter
est in lot on N line of Elliott Park, 132 W
of Stelner, W 22 by.N 70 (Hamilton Square);
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
James J. Silk (owner) with J. J. O'Brien
(contractor), architects Ealfleld & Kohlberg —
All work except painting, plastering, plumbing
and electric work for a three-story frame flat
building on lot on NW line of Howard street.
50 SW of Thirteenth. NW ,85:7K. SW 30, SE
85:1% to beginning; $41S2.
William H. Buckler (owner) (by P. W. Selby.
agent) v.-ith Frank Smith (contractor), archi
tects Salfield & Kohlberg— All work for t U
ing down and rebuilding easterly wall of a
threo-story and basement brick building on lot
on NW line of Mission street. 137:6 SW of
Main. SW 45:10 by NW 137:9; $57*>.
Mary B. Brlttan (owner) with J. W. Wls
slnger (contractor), architect W. H. Armitage
— Grading, brick and carpenter work, corrugated
Iron, etc.. for a brick warehouse on lot on SE
line of Brannan street. 275 NE of Sixth, NE
62:6 by SE 125; $4700.
Mutual Savings Bank (owner) with Raymond
Granite Company (a corporation) (contractors),
architect William Curlett— Cutting and setting
of Krnnlte work for a ten-rtory office building
on lot on-S line of Geary etreet. 30:6 W cf
Kearny. W. T3:1<j%. S 33:2%. SE 52:9H to lot
on NW line of Market street, NE 53:0%.' N
60:0%; $23,700. * '
Sana owner with McGilvray Stone Company
(a corporation) (contractors), architect same — •
Cutting and setting of sandstone work for
same on same; {30,575.
Timothy Hopkins (owner) with IF.. J. Fern
hoff (contractor), architect Henry. A. Schulze—
Removal of burned materials and repairing of
burned portions of a one-dory brick ware
house on lot on N line of Townsejid street,
K3 E of Seventh. E 73 by N 275; $1."S5.
Builders' Contracts.
Home Mutual Building and Loan Association
to Sarah M. Hammond, lot 17. block B. Map
of De Wolf Tract, Brooklyn Township; $25C0.
Emeile Wagner and Minnie C. Sadler to F.
B Hood Canning Company (corporation), lot
beginning nt W line of right-of-way of North
ern Railroad, 271 N from division line between
Isnis of Emery & WInrd a? Fame existed June
2:'. 1SS3 If extended West, thence N 122:<i. NW
305:7. SB 223. SE SS7:4 to beginning, containing
I acres. Town of Emeryville. Oakland Town
ship: also lot bepinnlnK at TV line of .right-of
way of Northern Railroad. 34 S from SE corner
of lands above dpscribed. thence NW 414:4, NW
34. SE 414:4, S 34 to beginning, same; $12,000.
F. B. Hood Canning Company (corporation)
t" Albert G. Burnett, same; $10.
Ed«on F. and John C. Adams and Julia P. A.
Prather to T. M. McNamara, NE 35 feet of
lot 20 and SW 35 feet ci* lot 21. block 5. Map of
Subdivision No. 1, Adams Point property, Oak
land; S20OO. -
Christine F. C. Revalk to Margaret Alexan
der (wife of O. W.). all Interest In lot on E
line of Willow street. 1M> S of Everett, S 35
b> E 115, blsek D. Oakland Point Homestead
Tract, Oakland: $10.
Same to Charles and Marlon Harklson. lot
beglnnlnK at S line of lot S3. Bray Tract, US E
of Bray avenue, thence E 143, N 50.12. TV 146.63,
P oO to beglnninK, being: portion of Bray Tract,
Brooklyn Township: $>C0.
Emil C. Klumpp to Henry A. Pleltner, lot on
F line of Bray avenue, 225 N of East Four
teenth street. <N 50, E 146.65. S SO, W 145 to
beginning, belnp portion of Bray Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $iC0.
Thomas L. and Katherine E. Armstrong to
Georpe E. Tarie!, lots 4 and 5. tilock S. North
Alameda Tract. Brooklyn Township: $300.
Isaac and Ella J. Saxton to James and
Rachel R. Pursell. lot on W corner of Georpe
and Warren streets. SW 100 by NW 50. lot 4,
block 22. Map of Fitchburg Homestead . Lots,
Brooklyn Township; $500. *
Equity Building and Loan Association to
Adam Otto and Julia Gulbtes, lots 23 and 24,
block 44, Map of Lands of Oakland Point Rail
road Ferry Landing Tract 406, Oakland; $1500.
Rosa M. Shattuck to Lizzie C. Salisbury, all
interest In lot 23, block 5, Shattuck Tract Map
2. Berkeley; ?10.
Judeon M. and Louise S. Davis to' M. Van
Ostrand. lot 2, block N. Harmon Tract, Berke
ley: $500. -
The -Mutual Bulldlnsr. Loan and Investment
Company to Sula Louderpack (wif» of L. C).
re-record 640 D. 20. of the N 47 feet of lot 93.
Encinal Park Tract. Alameda, subject to a
mortgage for $2000; $1000.
George H. and" Belle Meyer to W. S. and
Kat'e M. Murphy, all interest in lot on N line of
Fifth street. 59:9 W of Harrison, W 20:8 by X
CO, block 57, Kellersberger's map, Oakland;
$i:eo.\
Union Savings Bank to George Sterlinr. lot
on NW corner of Linden and Twenty-second
streets. W 264 by N 395:3. block 633. Board
man's map. Oakland; $12,000.
Mary Heaney tp William and Bridget Mon
aKhan, lot on E line of Center street. 120 N of
West Fifth, N 56:6 by E 160, block 433, same;
J1OCO.
Isaac L. and Ella J. Saxton to William R
end Emma Alley, the NW 50 feet of lots 47
and IS. map of Marion Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $1000.
Louis F. and Xydla Monteagle to Thomas E.
Hadford. lot 3*. block E, Melrose Station
Tract. Brooklyn Township; $:C0.
C. A. and Margaretha Wieben to J. P. Buck-
Icy,- lot on W line of Merrill avenue. 124.6 N
of .Washington street, N 37:6 by W 130, lot 16.
and S 12:6 feet of lot 15, subdivision A. on map
of Frultvale Terminal Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship; JICOO.
William and Aggie E. Corbin to Hugh A.
McColl. lot. 41 and N a feet of lot 42. Blake
Tract, on map of Berkeley property, maps 1
and 2. Blake Tract, portion plat Si. Rancho V.
and D. Peralta, Berkeley; $3oC0.
Ida M. and Leon E. Hall to Joseph M. Hors
man, lot on NE line of Central avenue, 37:6
SE of Ninth avenue. SE 25 by XE 100, block
43, Clinton, East Oakland, subject to deed of
trust; «1500. »
N. D. and Phebe M. Rideout to William Au
gus, lot on NE line of East Twenty-eighth
street, 1M NW of Eleventh avenue. NW 75 by
NE 131.39. being lot 4 and E half of lot 5.
block B. Bella Vista Park. East Oakland; $4300.
O. K. Hornbyto Anna Hornby, : lot 1 on mao
of subdivision 17. Glen Echo Tract, Oakland;
Sift. • .. . ..
Margaret J. Johnson to A. J. Snyder, lot 13,
block : Q. map of Paradise Park Tract. Oak
land; foOO.
O. K. Hornby to Anna Hornby, lot on E line
of Poplar street. 80 S of Tenth, S 30 by B 115,
block 649, map of property of John Scott, Oak
land; gift.
I Alexander and Maggie Brlzard to P. E.
aJowI-s.lot on \Vllne of Adeline street. 175 N
of Fourteenth, N 35 by W 12S:3. block BS7,
Boardman's map, Oakland; $3000. "\
E. E. and Minnie \V. Laymance to Joseph
Barker, subdivision B of lot 3. block 793, Watts
Tract, Map 2, QaWand; J10. " —
line of Chestnut street. 100 N of Thirtieth. N
60 by.E 132, portion block B, Pcralta Home
stead Afsoclatlon. Oakland: $500.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1901.
9
Last I This Last
STATIONS. 21 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka 1.04 39.91 42.53
Re<i Blurt 0.12 22.3« 18.63
Sacramento 0.34 16.44 15.44
San Francisco 0.63 IS. 63 17.02
Fresno Trace. 9.94 7.04
Independence 5.66 - 2.17
San Luis Oblspo.... Trace. 27.04 14.70
Los Angeles 13.61 6.56
Pan Diego ....: 8.63 3.1J
Last I This Last
STATIONS. 21 Hours Season. Season.
Eureka 1.04 39.91 42.53
Re<i Blurt 0.12 22.3« 18.63
Sacramento 0.34 16.44 15.44
San Francisco 0.63 IS. 63 17.02
Fresno Trace. 9.94 7.04
Independence 5.66 - 2.17
San Luis Oblspo.... Trace. 27.04 14.70
Los Angeles 13.61 6.56
Pan Diego ....: 8.63 3.1J
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage npply at company's ofttce,
421 Market street, ccrner First.
W. :H. AVERY.^General Agent.
STKAMERS AVILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, m 1 p. m.,
Tor YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG,, calllnj'at
Kobo (HIoro), NaRSsnkl and Shanghai, and
connecting ' nt Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of soiling". •
SS. AMERICA MARU. ...Friday. March 15, 1901
HS. HONOKONO MARU. .Tuesday, April 9, 1901
SS NIPPON MARU........ Friday. Mar 3. . 13qi
TOYO KISEN KA,SHA
OCEAN TBAVEL.
OCfEAU" TBAVEL. :: V,,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
flK ~u..*- .Steamers leave Broadway
%h^" . wharf. San Francisco:
FftSfta*-. For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m..
KS^Paik March 7. 12. 17. K. 21. April 1.
l^atKjpffaji Change to company's steamers
E«/**iSjftl For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
Srf^%0fjSSki P "rt Townwnd, Seattle.
I Tacoma. Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.) —
• ¦- - 11 a, m., March 7, 1!, 17. 22. J7.
April 1. and every fifth day thereafter. Change
at Seattle for this company's steamers for
Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle or Tacoma to
N. P. Ry. ; at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka, ' Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. March
9. 14. 19. 24. 29. April 3. and every fifth day
thereafter.
For San Dleeo. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redobdo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a. m. ;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. rn.
For Fanta Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucas. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gaviota,
Fanta .Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro,
East San Pedr»« (Los Angeles) and Newport—
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m.; steamer Bo-'
nlta, Tuesdays, t a. ' tn.
For Ensenada,. Mazdalena. Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previews notice.
TICKET OFFICE -4 New Montgomery
street <Pal*ce Hotel). .
GOODALL, PERKINS * CO.. Gen. Agts..
to Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & R. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
!P O :R, T TL, .A. 3ST D
From Spear-street Wharf at 11 a. m.
CADE S12 First Class including BertS
\I\UL S3Seond Clast and Meals.
COLUMBIA nails Mar. 14. 24. Apr. 3
GEO. XV. ELDER sails Mar. 9. 19. 29. Apr. 8
Short Line to Walla Walla, Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
1 Montgomery st.
AMERICAN LINE.
ITEW TORE. EOUTJIAMPTOM. L03D05. PABI3L
StopolnB at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday at 10 a. m.
New York Mar. 20 New York April 10
Vaderland Mar. 27 Vaderland April 17
St. Louis April 3 St."Louis April 24
BED STAR LIN2.
New York and Antw«m.
From New York Every Wednesday, 12 noon.
Kensington Mar. 2C|Southwark April 19
XoordlanU Mar. 27! Westerr.iand ...April 17
.Frtesland April 3' Kensington ....April 24
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. General Agent.
Pacific Const. 10 Montgomery st.
oee9iiscs.sxo.iES
SS.- AUSTRALIA.^ for Tahiti. .„,...
"Wednesday, March 13|^4 p. m.
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
Saturday. March 16. 2 p. m.
SS. SONOMA, for Honolulu. Sarv.oa. New
Zealand and Australia
Wednesday. • March 27. 9 p. m.
1 0. SFBEW.ELS & B30S. CO., Eearal Agents. 327 Market St
Sin'l Pz&ssngsr (Kite, 643 Martet St., Piar la. I Pad; St
PANAMA R, R. une
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. *1O5: Steerage. JJ4O.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Roanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
S. S. — sails Tuesday, April 16.
From tvharf, foot of Lombard st., at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR, Pacific Ccast Agent.
COMPAGNIS GENERALS TEANSATLASTIQCS.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -a,^
Palling every Thursday, lnstrad of
Saturday, at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42, •^*r/»».»
North River, foot of Morton street. First-class
to Havre. $55 and upward. Second class to
Havre. 145 find upward. GENERAL. AGEXCT
FOR -UNITED STATES and CANADA, 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.
F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
sold by all liailroa.l Ticket Agents.
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FOB U. S. NAVY YARD AND YALLEJO.
STes-— - "Vo-.t'ce'To."
MON.. Tues.. We<5.. Thurs. and Sat at 9-43
a- m.. »:15, 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night); Fri-
days, 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays, 10:30 a. m., S
p. m. Landing and of flee. /Mission-street Dock
Pier No. 2. Telephone Main fK3.
HATLWAY TSAV2L.
Santa Fe
Trains-Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrra Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. , San Fran 7:M a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:15 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:13 a
"' Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:3.» p 3:03 a
" Hanford 4;22 p 3:2? p 7:0G a
" -Vlaalia . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a
*' Tulare .. 4:17 p 4:17 p 5:03 a
" " BksSeld 6:50 p 4:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. Cty 2:4i a 7:30 a
" Chicago 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying I'aluce sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfiel* for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. . Correspond-
ing train arrives at ll:C3 a. m. daily.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace* and Tcurlst Sleeper* and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace"
Sleeper. • which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:S3 p. m. -tally.
7:20 a. rn. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points' in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding trnin arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offlcesr-«41 "Market street and tn F«rry
Depot. San Francisco; 111$ DrccJway, Oak T
land. . I
HORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Vta Scusollto forry.
- ,. • Commenslnff September 30. 1900..
FROM SAN FKANCISCO TO BULL VAU.EY
. AND HAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-«:55. 'jiis, 11:00 a. m.. »I:15.
J:1S. 4:C0.S:15. '6:15, 8:40 p- rn.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley 'and- San
Hafael on - Mondays." Wednesdays -and Satur-
days at 9:C0 and 11:25 p. m.
, SUNDAYS— *£:C0. *10:0ff, '11:30 a. m., *l:i;
3:15." •4:15. 6:30. 9:C0 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Quentln. -
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS^-5:J). •«:*>. 7:13. 9 JO a. m.
•12:30. 1:«. »3:70. 4:S0. 5:20 p. m. . ' i
- EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays i
and Saturdays at.(:43 and 10:20 p. m.
SL'NDAYS-6:M. »S:0O. »10:CO. ni:« a. m ¦
•1:«, "2:15. 4:45, »S:3O v. m. i
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentln.
FROJI MILL VALLET TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— 5:43. 6:43. 7:53, 9:30 a. m <
12:25, 2:10/ 3:20,'. 4:S4. 5:20 p.m.
KXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 r>. m.
-SUNDAYS— 8*3. 1O:SS a. m.. 12:«J3. S:X5. 5:23.
i-X0. C:43 i>. m. ¦ •
THROUGH TRAINS.
' t:lo a. m. week days— Cazadero and' way
stations.
1 :45 p. in. Saturdays — Tomales and way
stnt'ens. . ¦;"•¦•-
•S:CO a. m. Sundays — Tcrr.alcs- and way
EtatlC£3. i
I MAKES HER 1
IMARK V i
i . " <
I ON THE MAP. .vV I
| SAN FRANCISCO i
±1 TO CHICAGO IN 75 J
| HOURS Qti THE . i
t SANTA FE VV I
I CALIFORNIA 1
I LIMITED i
| ' LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO |
t AT 9 A. M. EVERY DAY |
K*>iTitt:i:.\ rAcirii: cumrAjiT.
(rAciriu smiir.)
Trains l«i%**> nml nr» ilu« to nrrltt mi
has rnAHviHvn.
(MainLfaie, Foo» of Market Stress.)
t«AVB — ttiou aiABcn L ISCL — aimw
«:30ABanicia. Suisun. Rzaln. Vm»tQU.
Rnd3»y »ml Strraiucuto TiSOv
~i3«a D»tH, WuoiUoJ. Knight* Liailni.
Marrsfille. «>ro»iii#. 7:30r
7i.tB* Atlantiu Kxpress—Ogdan and East' 18:tOP
S:O<» * Martinez. 8u lUitioti. Vallejo. N»p«,
»'»U5ti?a»n.l.-iAot* IUm* OiSOp
8:OOa NQe«, Liteimorr, Tracy. Litiuop,
Stockton " 1O4i
8:80a ShuU Lxpregs— D»tU. WlLiiau (far
Bortlett Sprbgs). Willows. R»d
Blufi. PorUand. 7i3»r
Si3»* Sa» Josv, Utcrtuort, Htoekton,
lone, Hacramrnto," PUcsrTilU,
MHO'iiille. L'hico, Kwl Klnll 4t*0r
¦ iSS* O»k J»le, Cbiaese, booora, Cvten... 4>9«tr
I»:O«» lluyw«rii MUrt »od Waj Button*. I liS«»
l»:O«i Los ADKe!e* Hrpren — Martinez. • -
Tncj. LaUirop. .Stockton. U creed
Frmiiosiiil Las Angeies .*•• TtSOp
•tSO4 \'*\H<: Mvtlnei auu Way Station* ftt»«r
lOiOO* ThsOrerUuaUmltett-Ocden. Den-
v«r. Orasba. Chlor> MOr
I I:OUa NUes. iSt.jcutcti. naorsmentn, M«o-
dota. Frrsno, lUnford, VUill*.
rbrterfille 4:«0r
IIiOOa U»erraoT», Bsogw. Gonb^n Jaaq>
tiou, B>icersfl«lil. Los Angeles
fllOOr Raeramamlt. UUorSu.iuMI {'<+**
ZtOOr II>7WkxiU. Nilrs *ml Wsj SUilouS. St.iOr
•liuur SUdiuo/, Nan Kim.>.i, V.IIeJo.
N.i|-.i, fal!«t.» K .., HkoIsj Ut>«« u.ao.
¦liuor 15 "iiicu. WinUrs. Haeraiuanto^
WntHlIimtl. Kniuhls IaimIUic
M^rjniiilr, l.ln.iilln l«i<t« k
-l<:inr IliywirtU, MlenaiKl .-*aii .Ji.-u t a '->WA
3:H0r Ni.cs Lirermore.fltnckfia.Loil ... I0i3Va
j^>:O0j- Mi xet Li ni-eil. £1 PasCs K.W
UrieassaiHl Ki.t «1U:2O«
SiOUrTlw Owl l.imitptl— Trar;. rmrno.
II tk«»a«M. Manfiia for .Sa.it* lilt-
hira. Ijos A:i*rl«s 10:S#t
O:O«rKeir OA»%ot Express— lUitetsiialt!.
«*iim ll»rl.«r«. !.<>• Angi-lea. Hi m-
i<i-/. Kl l'%w>. Star Orleans and
K*at • 7»--»«%
O:«l>r t!a*r.»il-i, HHem anU lias Jus? - V-lOt
frfiOOr V»ilejo Ili-Ib*.
<i:Oi>c(»r:e:ttal Mail-Og<!eu. Chejenae.
U::iatia. Chiaicti 12:211?
• :OOr Orito.tal Mali— OgiTjn. Dearer.
Oaiaiia. Chictse 4»3«»p
TlOOr Oregoii mill (JaJifornia rllprpiM.Hao-
r»...m,t.., M»r, B iill«. Rpd^Bff,
f<>rtb>i.l. INigri S..H...I »t..l Kut ¦>!O i
»t»*f San l'<b'o. r»rt <o.M. Muti.ei
a>.il Wai .Stations... ll^SOi
t«;O.Tr YtU.ji. It***
IDIVV DIVISION Clarrnit (i.iu-p).
(r«H.t(.t M.rtft Str«.it.>
. KuTSai tt»»ai» II ¦!¦«¦« il'li. ilii 1— lIMIti
1 :,..¦ '• Vr( ;r. ek. Sa. ¦• a Ci»i.ii.l W*y
Mtatlioirf. 6i3n»
fJ:l.1r Ne«»rk. t'entorrilif. .'.«.. Ji*». Nrw
Almatlxn. IVIImi. VtnCitm I'rsek.
Hvutta l\:u ami 1'iiueiyul \V*»
«rl.1r Newark. s»Vi*jcw>. IjiaOatn** St."VO«
a0:30r Iltin'en' Exmnion. 8»n Jos« and
WayPtU'oas V&**
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rriaSIS rRllOlSSO— r»«t •: Harliit Su««l (SUf SI —
t1:IS *:0O JlCOvU. 1 S3 3:33 3:13'.".
'n-sO»IUSB-fMi.:jlrtvl».i.-t«iiO ft.00 fS:CI
10.00 »u. 1S:C3 2:S3 ' l-23r.il.
COAST Hirislll,\ . llrnail tlxr:**).
(Thlr.! :..!¦! To r;ne...l Ml*. )
f«i:l(M Ocean Vie.r, Mixita tU» h'i*Ntt c. . |t>i."tii|>
<:UUa Kan Jnw ai>4 Way Htuli-ii* (Xo»
jWwihll W«..li.t.i.laii.....l,) I:3»»
».««» Sim J.M.. TftM I'li.i-i. Mai.tt I'r.ir.
riirli^i <"lr..»o. raan U..T>tfa. ISau
l.n'i oiiUpn, Mnrf. Ion. joc ami
I'rfiici|>al War MtMli..na 1:10?
IOiIO* Hxa Jose an.l Way MUtlmi* fl'i'.il
• l«:il»» Man Jimp ami \V»i sutii.na ."».:»«»
fii llr San Matt-». II^.lw.-o-l. M.i.lo Park.
1'alo Alto. Sauta Clara. .-Sail Joaa.
Tres Finos. Smtt Vna, SaJicu,
Moiit«rur anil I'acllie <ln»f« (ins.irt*
t:!t3«rSaa.)i>s«aii.l Way Stal>.».a Ti.tUp
U:IArSuJ.waml rrineipal Way sullniif Ui».^»
t3:OOr San Joar. Los Gatoa tad l*iiDCi{wl
Way stations tO'** 1 *
3:.*t0r Swi .l«,jp ami Principal Way SUiloiis N:3.t*
l>::tUf£<ui Joasaml Way Stations t a :Ot>*
all:4.1rSiiiJrnr.ii.lW»» SUihma ~»3l»y
A for Morning 1'tui Albnmnn.
t hiii. .lay ricM.r-il. I sundajr oaif.
t Mondays 'Tedaejrtiy", Fridajs.
eTu-idiy*, TbnrjtUrs, Hundjy*.
<T .'<»rtiri1»» odIt
CALIFORNIA NORTfiWISTcKN £1. C&
LBSSEB '
SAfl FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of MarK't S*»
San Francisco t j San Rafael.
TIBUROX FERRT— FOOT OF MARKET 4T.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. >:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:S3. >:3O.
5:10. «:$) p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip at 11:30
p. rn. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:10 and
11:30 p. m.
Sl'NDATS-8:C(t. »:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:». •«.
5:00. 6:20 r- m.
£>an <Ca:uel to San Francisco.
"WEEK DATS-«:10. 7:30, 9:20, 11:10 *. m.; U:«,
3:40, 5:19 p. rn. Saturdays— Extra trips at l:u
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. »:*>, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 2:*\
5:03. 6:13 p. no. ¦ .
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park.
?ame schedule cs above.
Leave I In Effect ) Arrtva
San Franclsox |Nor. 7. 1300. 1 3aa Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. | Cays. | Destination. | days. | V*y*.
7:30 am! 8:W>am! Novcto. |10:40 arnl 8:40 am
3: JO pnv 9:30 am; Petaluma. «:0» pm|10:2S am
8:10 pm| 5:00 pm' Santa Rosa. I 7:13 pmi %:tZ pra
\ FcUcn.
7:30 arn Windsor, 18:» am
Hea'irlsburg.
Lytton,
G^yserville.
8:30 pm S:eOam Cloverdale. 7:p pm »:3 prn
TijOani! I Hopiand j j
[ «:00ani! and UVlah. 1 7:E pmj <:g pra
7:30 amp 10:35 am
S:0O us GuerneTUle. 7:35 pm
8:30 prn| . 1:12 pra
7:20 ami 8:C0 am! Scnoma 9:13 am 8:40 am
i : and
5:10 pm| 5:00 prn | Glen Ellen. 1:03 pm 8:22 pra
7:20 am! 8:00 am JW:« am'19:IS am
3:30 pm; 5:C0 pm Febastjpol. | 7:35 pn>| <:22 pm
Stacks connect at Santa Rp«a for Mark West
Spring* and White Sulphur Sprlnjrs; at Fulton
for Altmrla: at I.yitcn for Lytton Springs; at
Ge>-3er\ille for SScauss Springs: at Clovercial*
tor the Geycers; at Hoplani for Duncan
[ Kprlnns. Hlsh!»nd Srnnw. Ke!ssj-rtUe. Carls*
.' bad So.la Buy. Lnkeport and Bartlett
I tjpiicsa; »t Ukiah for Vichy Sprln«rs. Saratoga
! Spring?, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
I Springs. I'pper Lftk». Pomo. Potter Valle/.
I John Day'H. RlversMc. Llerley's Buekneira.
Sanhodrln Heights. Huilvllle. Orr'sHot Sprtnjn,
Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg. Wesrtport, UsaU
Wlllett*. LaytonvllJe, Cumrnfnss. Bell's Sprlas*.
Harris. Olsens. Dyer, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, ronnd-trlp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rate«.
Ticket crfice. CO Market st.. Cnronlc!* build-
ins. R. X. RYA.V.
II. C. "WIUTINO. Gen. Pass. Aft."
. : .: Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
; Via Somalia Ferry— Foot of Market St
lv ii» niu, >ii.i»n».
9:15 A. M.) UTftilY!! Wr».
I 1:13 P. M. J- WKEK DAYS , n^ r M
; <:w)p. it. )Stay over nSjitat the tatciw tio-.r> a.m.
! 8*0 A.M.! f l.-Orip.M.
i H:»a. *. \ STJNDAYS 4r3 »>.«..
1:15 r. M.J V k»».Ss.
' l-"arc. *an Fr*nci«o tn Summit and Rmrn »t . *J.
i Ttftet Officea.a?! >t«r ke t if.. A SnrtMUt" »>rrr.
i
y^~^^ Dr.Gibbon ? sI)ispensarji
£- fifk 6!2O IIEAnSY ST. Estabasbrd
SS^J^-r^AJn 1?3 « for tiie trt-atment «f I'rivMt*
i I? JJv'/jDf DlM«m*!«. f.mt MhiiuikkL Debility or
- CS?t^'i^<^j' I| - - " n S" wearinzi.n »«idy ami mln.J asul
" »Ive'''lfeo* J -3 Hicl " l>i-«":«sss. Tl>e IV>ctorrareswli^ii
! f.ili. Try him. I'h.-xrjc* low.
<^*«:a<''»r« t «pHnfn!iifod. C;ill nrrrriw.
I lir. J. *'. tilUUOX, B*u FraucUco, CO. i
PACIIIO 6T2AH NAVIGATION CO. AND <
' C0MPANIA ECO AMSSICANA D3 VAPOUR
To ValyaralBO, . stopping Jt Mexican, Central
nnd South American ports. Salllnj;:
KS. COLOMBIA"" ......March S. 1901
KS. TUCAPEL ....... ...IMarch Z», 1901
ss.-*aueqt;ipa ....;;::...".....::. .;Aprll 4.- isji
ss.LiMAitr::. ..;.....¦........-..... .April it, wqi
:• At , 12 c m: from ; Section 2, Seawall.
These steamers are' fcullt : expressly ¦ for Cen-
tral, and South American „ passenger service.
(Xo change at Acapulco or. Panama). Freight
and passenper office. 31B. C»li'cmla street.
BALFOUn, GUTI1RIE.& CO.. Agents.
AUCTION SALES
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.,
817 MARKET 8T.. opposite Battery.
rro-sioRROw.
TUESDAT. at 10 o'clock a. m.. March 12. 1901.
At salesrooms, 617 Market \ at. '
$25,000 WORTH GOVERN-
MENT TENTS, ETC.
By order of headquarters the fallowing 1 Gov-
ernment property direct ' from the Presidio:
3000 T«nts: 2000 Duck Wagon Covers. Flys. etc.:
50 sets Double and Single Harness and Leads:
camp Tools; 3 Government Mules; 3 Army
Wagons, etc.
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.. Auctioneers.
NOTE— All this tentaere Is nearly new. hav-
ing been used but a short time on the military
reservauon of San Francisco. Goods will be
on inspection with catalogue on sale. Friday.
March 8, 1301.
¦ C. E. DAVIS. .Auctioneer.
MCSICAL, IXSTRl'MESTg.
A NEARLY new gratia upright cheap; brilliant,
rov.<r.-ful tcne. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
r.YROX M.U'Zr. agency S.hmer &. Co.. Byron
Mauzy. OaMer tr.d Spfiiman pianos. SCS Pout.
AT KEEFrE'P. TS3 Market ft., 4 elegant up-
r'.rhts nt .your own price. Shonlnger agency.
SUPERIOR violin*, zithers, old and new. IL*
MI'LLrR. rraker. repairer. 2 Latham place.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
CORNER store— West corner Fourth"and Perry
ets. : ocrujjied as srnjeery and bar for past 30
vt-tr?: rent $20: wnt?r free. Apply to O. H.
TifRSEX & CO.. -.4 Montgomery it.
*TORE rr factory; iarse ya-d: 7GC0 feet: Mis-
*-'.-vn an<1 Jf«s!e *ts . bet. Fir*t and Second.
Arr'.y Madison & BURKE or 555 Mission.
LABOR e'.eeant Ftc-re: cfmfnt basement: 9J3
Va.W-.ria ft., near list.: will make any neoei=-
5ar 5' tt'.tTa' Sorts cf Trent cr Interior to suit
good tenant.
_ OIL.
3OFF.PH TV TOPl7Vz~...<0 Pine St.
ME1IEER PRODVCKUS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Ccuctry corrrspinirnr* roliclted.
PAINTERS AND DBCOBATORSJ
WALL rapcr, window r.ioms papered, |3
up. Jenwn & Bath. V)t Fixih: open evenings.
ROOMS r>ar*re<i from S3 ur>: city or country.
Hartrnan Paint Co.. tl? Sd 5t.; tel. Red Sill.
PALMISTRV.
II. JEROMeTfO^SELLI. scientific palmist. 515
Taylcr rt.. bet. Geary and Pest: tel. Black SCI.
PARTXERS WASTED.
PARTNER wanted— JICOO calfhl estabiiFhe4
c!g*r factory: no experience; full value. Call
cr fxiirm SCHMIDT'S Pharmacy. 542 Krny.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE Jree: no charge unless successful.
GEO. P. CAMPP.KLL. Lawyer. Examiner bin.
PERSONALS.
A— IF your fcalr is fa'.litig cr you are bald, call
en DR. O. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary et.. and you !
will net be disappointed; this remedy la posl- !
Urtly gras.rantc*d; call or send for circular.
I WOULD like to know the a-Jiress cf MRS.
R. COWES In this city, arrived from Hono- !
lu'.u on February S5, 1S0L W. A. COWE3, j
tt-4 Fclsorn et., S. T.
— — - 1
SIAN ci n. with small home near city, nisJtes !
frorA liviCg. wishes acquaintance of widow; i
object matrimony. Box £G62. CallL j
PRIVATE detective work: reasonable rates; 19
years' experience. J. B. RAT. 257 Jessie st.
IF you wish to be successful lti all your affairs ,
tad brln^ health., happiness, love and ail that |
is good within your reach, you must learn |
how to Influence people; private instruction, j
MRS. C VALEEN. ::5 Leavenworth at. ,
WASTED — To make the acquaintance; object j
marriage; rr.u^t have tome ir.oney; no ob- I
Jection to children; a splendid living; senl i
tiiress: I w'.U coma with particulars. Box j
?:?l. Call office. j
W-0 GALLONS f! Tr*rno port ¦w-lne at II per j
gallon: 75 cases Johannesburg champagne. I
regular price $'€. now $10: fine tahle claret ;
S-'.c gallon, for 1 week oulr. Johannesberg
Wire Vaults. F. HOLTfM. 517 California st.
PROF, MEP.GEVS Mineral Oil and Salve; sure
•cure for dropsy, paralysis, roptart; eyeeight; j
rrnrrrlfiUfm at rooms S and $.• 1C*S Market st. j
JAMES' Bc?<>cti\e Bureau. 1?7 Montgomery et.. j
room ri: fhone B-J5h :<?: chapes reanonatle. j
ELECTRIC U«ht in every room— Winchester
Hof*!. 44 Third rt.. near Market: 700 rooms; |
to II TO per r.ijht; Jl 50 to SS per week: j
fr<»» 'bus and baErgat<e to and from the ferry- J
WHITE enamel lrcn beds. Elngle, three-quarter '
or <i?ub!e. Jl 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
OO.. 1CJC-1312 Ftocktca ft., near Broadway.
A— %" M DEP.BT and Fed era hats. Jl 75. Popu-
ir.r ITiee Hatters. 330 Kfaray Ft., near Pine.
FINE s-uits. $n: dr»« pants. K 75. MISFIT
t L«"THING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery at.
Jl \VHnK!.T: «ults to order from genuine
Beotch. Ji5 u?; fine dies* euits, S20 up; ele-
rant cvercoats. $15 v.?. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market ft., between Seventh and Eighth.
F-CKO^L to learn helrdr^sslng. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessont or class. MISS A. V.
T >OTI.E. 17O< Market, bet. Pclk and Van Ness.
AFTHMA: sure cure. 1IRS. S. M. LEE. Fair^
1 i-ks-. Oa!.; route. No 1.
M. SAURET. florist and decorator. Is now at
T44 Geary ft.; rhone :m.
MASQl'EGADE eosftmeii, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN * CO.. 723 Mkt.
<;'"•' 'F> h"a« ofx-n for tea!thy boy or girl baby.
Mj«. i>r. Funke, "MIS Eighth et., Alameda.
BPBCCQ ttyles Standari patterns now ready. .
•T>cn:e£tic" off.ee, *C?1 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
EUPEIiFLUOUS hair ar<S mole* destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter st.
r.R. LAMGTTE'S French Corn Paint, the beat
corn cure: 7lc: all druggists.
ng-yptitn Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural o.lor: tl: at ail druggists.
PHYSICIANS AXD SURGEONS.
r>iT~C~C~O : DON-:s:i-LL— Office and residence.
1C21 1 * Market et.. between Sixth and Bevpnth.
CR. WONG HIM. herb doctor. Buccessfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
tegtln-.cniaTs at office. 115-117 Magon. nr. Ellis.
REAL CSTATE CITV FOR SALE.
ALL GENUINE BARGAINS IN THIS LIST.
Apply Jl. XL SPECK & CO.. 667 Market «t.
JSTiu — O" Fen-ell et.; lerge lot; t cottager; rents
J4 f >: & sr.ap.
J2TW— Two flats. 6 rooms each; rent 130; wlthla
cr.e t'.eck of Market it.
KSOO— Sacramento Bt.. east el Powell; rents
CS; one tenant 10 years. '
S5500 — Corner. 40xS0. with rood 10-room bouse: '
Hyde st.
JTjCO- Elegant netr flits, ea»t cf Vaa j,> S i j
av».: rents I7J. •
t~no— 241 Castro ft., corner Sixteenth; fine 10-
rocm reeldenoe: elegant appointments through-
out; STratid view; lot SOxlOO.
F-yA— McAllister eC; rents JS5; great bargain;
must sell.
li'/S>— Three f-rocm modem fiats; rented low,
JS5; near Lea v*n worth rt.
* IS>«0 — Business property; Ninth rt., near Mls-
tlon: rent" H5.
$11,0«>-Store tna two etrlctly modern flats of
7 and S rooms; north of Market st.
fli.500— Leaves-worth St.; renta $1C5; lot L5-foot |
front.
$34. OCC — Grand Investment of 4 /»X>rand-new !
fists; rented for $120; near Van Ness £od Golden
Gate aves.; larte lot.
Kl. 00ft— Eight prand flat*. S and € rooms; near J
Jen's St.: lot ~lx'.'..~: pays 10 per cent.
;.'¦.•¦• — Business property of 4 ctorea and 8 j
flat*: r^nts f250.
r^J.OOf— Mlesicn-tt. corner. 17PxlC3; actually
worth Td.OOO; must sell at ence.
?10,00^-Co--ner, Golden Gate ave.; 137;6xl37:6;
T»ntR t:*o.
S.%5.OP0— Gran<: corner; 60-foot front: few blocks
from Orpfce-um: pays 6 per cent net.
J7S,a;«— Grand c^rn<^; 60-foot front; within &
bl<yk of Tivoll: old Improvements; renta |400.
Other harcair.F.
Apply A.M. SPECK A CO.. CC7 Market et.
j:r»-rHEArnST~horr.« In the city: to effect
quick fal*; 4 rooms and nta.fc!e; well of water ;
x-rodu^s l r 'M gallons per day; street accepted i
y city: r#-n:*rt e!<!<?»<alk; plar.k eide en- i
tranr*: part cash. Call Immediately on H. i
V-'. DAVIS. 415 Twenty-ninth, nr. Sanchez. *
L-"'T (PxUt left; cottape, 5 rooms; price $2000. I
I. I 2'.ic72:«: bus. \rrfi<Aan: cottage. S r. : $4000..!
I^ot 27:r>:i?7;6: TTaetlake cottage; 6 rooms ana ;
i-r.th ; K£C0. Many tltuiix investments. Call I
G. W. RCII1YEINHARD.
SIT Market ft., opposite Mason.
S-''r ; LOTF. rxlE HACH: 2 blocks from e!ee-
me carr; 4 t!o<:ks from Ocean View, on north
:'3» of iw,~.. st.. 7x> fcrt cast of Plymouth;
r<*£y to »v.u:d on; only 5e carfare: worth $4M
¦ - l . .DECKga. MM Market tt.
ilODEF.N ecttaces and. fla;» built: reasonable;
plans lurr.lrr.e4. GEORGE M. SALSBUItY '
bur.Scr; .jrEce 1S3 Market et. ' i
V, --MODERN COttHJW 9t% tttOCUK JMoot lot*
itm-t work all done: 6^-utiful neighborhood'
1±Q< TivSt rt.. near r>evi«a<Jf-ro.
I OIS tr> Ij^st !ocat<Hl lots fn Richmond nnd the i
cttnv'Ti <"=" on V.' J. Gunn, i?3 California. '
FOB ?*!» et a fcarra's— That elegant new 10- !
rwjm houee. 775 Cole St.; elegantly decorated- '
open Atilr- ' j
:/: WAKHisaTON ST. ~
JjfC?: rrujt be *old <.n aceonr.t cr departure-
hoiie of 4 rornts an<! l*th: !rt '3xlS7:g^4.
I'.I'RT f-ii—t «hoire le^-ol lots near cars $123 '
?afh. Th!ntlft-n. 772 Ssflnr.a «:.. Ocean View, j
IF vnu I ave lots, to r^H cnrt'.i of th* Park, j
'hpn <~rt11 rn W. J. Ol.'NX. :,?.O California t,t. 1
BE.IL ESTATK COl'JVTKV For 5ale !
A GOOI> grnrral farra, ICO acre*; S3 cultivated; i
balance tvoodtu hill pr.sturagc; rtnotKl; Uv'- !
'.tte «tr*"eni: well: family orchard; residence. !
b»rn. <-tc. ; 3 l * from tv/o railroad sta-
tions; Sonoma County: tZZOO.
ONLY 51100.
¦r, t?rr5 . bordt-rlng I!\iu5- Etrtam; richest I
>v«:r allovlal r.nd rollinir land; 160 bearing i
tr^^a: T—vnCtxn r*-?.idence, bam. well, etc.; only
or» nfio from Narta.
RElinSIHEK I'm aeruratrly ar(j«jolnt«d with i
more tour.try property f«ir rule an 1 r-xchanco i
than all other acwitF !n Tan Francisco: SOoO I
ranchpe en zr.y lift. {?t»t* T.hct> wanted and I
C<rt •¦:¦:.:¦- de*cri!iT!nn<» of barpain*.
N. D. BICKELS, the Land Axent
<5 Ce3ry n.. Ran Francisco.
AT a bargain— For sale or f^r rent, level 4*4
*cr.» n^iir Sun Mv-n. Iniafre at 237 Church
a... :ie~r Uarkct. iil 5 d. m.
REAL ESTATly;— COUNTRY — For Sale
82 ACRES: 10 miles from Napa: new cottage.
4 rooms and hall: chicken houses, stable, 300
bearing fruit trees. 2O0 bearing vines; run-
ning- water. Inquire 435 Golden Gate ave.,
evenlncs.
FOR Rent— Handy-slzea fruit and hay ranch;
near bay. Address r"'rult. box 2112. Call ofllce.
WRITE J. W. HORN. 812 Main, Petaluma. for
fre« copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
REALTY TO EXCHANGE.
MARION GRIFFIN. — — —
71» Market, near Call bldg. Tel. Black 1S0J.
I have a long list of city and country prop-
crty for sale, and exchange. Please call.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
'ALAMEDA UKAL ESTATE.
FORECLOSURE sales— 3 cottages. & rooms and
bath; $:S0O each; lot 16x130; J500 cash. Two :
new cottages now building; 5 and 6 rooms; |
cheap; J30O3 San Antonio ave., near Lafayette I
st.; 6 rooms, bath: lot 40x150; terms.- Two cot-
tagee; 6 rooms; $2500 each; terms. Anything,
new or old. J. H. YOUNG, builder. 124» Park.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
1180O-MOST desirable lot on Union st; half-
block of college. ' '
J1500— 50-foot lot on Bancroft way, east of
Shattuck ave.
JJOO— Fine, sightly lot. 60xUS; within 2 blocks
of the college grounds; a snap for cash; grand
view.
$5000— See this up-to-date hcrr.e of 8 rooms;
street Improved; large lot; facing south.
MAY & MORTIMER,
Berkeley, Cal.
FRUITVALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRUITVALE REAL ESTATE.
53500— 8-ROOM houee with latest improve-
menvi. including electric lights; lot 50x165; a
bargain; beautiful view.
t£W0— 4-room house; all modern improve-
ments: corner lot. 50x150; In beautiful Fruit-
vale: terms easy. Call or address A. R. PE-
TERPON & CO.. 478 Tenth St.. Oakland.
FKU.TVALE PROPERTY TO EXC-ANGE
NEW 6-room cot tn ire; corner; fSOOO; little cash;
clear trade and mortMge will handle; this
week only. E. L. RICHARDS. Dlmond. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
FOR RENT — Cottage S rooms, bath. barn,
chicken house, etc. 1425 East Eleventh st.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
TABLE unexcelled; r<?oms par excellent: pri-
vate family. 514 22d st., Oakland; close in.
OAKLAND FIR.MTIRE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. i
ERASNAN, T25, above Blxth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished; $7.
ELLIS. €11— Suite 3 rcoras, $18; 2 rooms $12; 1
front room $10; complete for housekpg: sunny.
FOLSOM, TTSH — 2 neatly furnished connecting:
rooms for housekp?; convenient; reasonable.
HOWARD. 761H— Nicely furnished bay-window
Fulre with kitchen; man and wife; otherB.
HOWARD, 1703 — A sunny bay-window room,
nicely furnished; also single one for houcekpg.
HYDE. 40*— Sunny front parlor suite, complete
for housekeeping: no children; $25.
JACKSON, SI0. near Mason— Furnished sunny
large front housekeeping rooms, $7 to $3.
LEAVEN WORTH. 517—2 sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping.
MISSION. 1427B— Sunny furnished room for
housekeeping; bath.
OCTAVIA. 14C3. corner Geary— Large sunny
front room with kitchen, and singl* room.
O'FARRELL, EJl— Sunny f.at.oi 3 l-.QUsekeeping
roome; nicely fnrnlshed; reasonable.
POINT LOBOS ave.. 212&-2 and S sunny fur-
nishtd housekpg roonc; tlO. $12; no children.
SIXTH. 136— Front cuite. furnished for light
housekeeping; also other rooms.
STOCKTON. eO7-Elegantly furnished floor of
4 tunny rooms: also single rocrr.s.
THIRTEENTH. 1S3. corner Howard— Alcove
mite and kitchen, complete- for hsekpg: $16.
ROOMS TO LET— Forn. and Infnrn.
ARGTLE. The CJuet opened). McAllister St..
corner Laxkin— Elegant and tastefully fur-
nished suites, with or without baths; also
single rooms; st£am heated: liveried service;
reading-room; electric elevator all night;
these rooms have to be seen to be appre-
ciated: references; rooms shown In evening.
ROOMS TO LET.
A— For room*, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
1 nirhed, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest In city. i>ee ELDER ROOM RENTI.VG
CO.. 22 Kearny et.. lcl. 2334 Red. .
AHLBORN HOTEL. JM Grant nve.— Best dol-
lar £. day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance: large rooms; modern convenience";
rooms SCc up; first-class meals ZZc; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms
23c to tl per night; $1 25 to J5 per week, and
light housekeeping; open all night.
BURNETT. 1416 Market fold >."o. 13M)— Fur-
nlshed mi., suites, single; also unfurnished.
BUSH, S35»i— Double rooms, week. $150 to $3;
tingle, $1 to II M: night. 25c to |l. .
DOUBLE room (front room), -breakfast and
dinner for couple in private family; bath;
telephone; 135. Call at 1429 Howard st
ELLIS, 745— Large from room, nicely furnished;
ras, bath.
CEART, S22 — Elegantly furnished dtmble par-
lors, suitable for physician, dentist; reas'ble.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1204-Large double par-
lors, fur. or unfur.; good location for dentist.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
single; ladles' parlor; readlng-rocm; elevator.
GUERRERO, 3C5— Furnished bedroom; parlor:
piano; use of kitchen; bath;. $14.
HOWARD. Ttt, near Third— Large sunny front
room suitable for 2; reasonable; also room
$5 per month for gentleman; bath.
MARKET. 1032 — Sunny front rooms; also single
rooms. .....
MARKET. lOiV-^Sunny furnished rooms by th«
day. week or month: bath; reasonable.
MARIPOSA, 1IC9 Mission— Newly furnished
sunny rooms, single and suites, frcm Jl mo.
MINNA. €67, coper Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; II per week; transient.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.— Nicely
furnished rooms. 52 a week up: £5c a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, wk., mo.
O'FARRELL. 742— Nicely furnished parlor, en
rulte or slnele ; Ras. l.-.th, phone; 110 to 124.
POWELL. C17— Nicely furnished sunny «,ulte;
r.o children. . •
KOTAL Houre. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
readliis-room. smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
J£: month. 58 to $30: elevator en ground floor;
rooms with tint and cold water; baths.
r.OSEDALE Houee. 31S-S21 El!!» (L-Roonw.
night. 25c to tl: week, tl 25 to H; open night.
SHERMAN Apartment House.- 28 Eighth it.,
near Market— FurnUhed or unfurnished.
St;TTER. 8T0V4 — Changed hands; newly reno-
vate'd: single rooms. fS: suttee. t!2 to K5 mo.
BUTTER. Hi— Handsomely furnished bay-win-
dow front room; hot and cold running water;
central. :"»¦-- *. . ' ' . ••
TAYLOR. 106 — Sunny room* en rulte and sin-
p'.e; $5 month; 25c per night.
THE BERLIN. KS Kearny-Elegant suites;
single rooirm: running %'ater: transient.
TWELFTH. *311— Sunny furnished room, pri-
vate fam.; suitable for couple: phone, beth.
VAN NERS ave.. 1419— Suite and slngl" front
gunny room: gas: bath: tel.: private family.
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
AT the old Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex $07 California st., may
be found a racist exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
ELLIS. 57$-Beautifully furnished single rooms
nnd gull eg; with beard; central location; roas.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
F|r»t gt. ¦ . ¦ ¦ .
ROOMS WANTED. -
WANTED — 3 or 4 unfurnlshi»d rooms; perman-
ent: adults. Box 26(3, Call.
Special xoticeh.
BAD tenants ejected for U', collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO..
415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10: tel. 55*0.
SHOW CARDS AND POSTERS-
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters. DES-
MON'D. 11X0. Market.- r. 103. phone Folsom 1S83.
SEWING 31 ACH IX ES AXD SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
palred; open even.; phone Black 1124. 205 4th.
BOUGHT, Bold' rented, repaired; needles and
rtiuttlcs; reduced rates. 145 6th; phone Mint 5.
AXO /WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office. Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main EI13.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmora st.; phone Jackson 2?1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. K40 mIs^
slon St.; tel. Mint 1S21. F. XV. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission Bt.:
tel. Main 1540; shipping at cut rates.
_^_ TRUSSES.
MANUFA'R: elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
supporters made, repaired. Menge, 5C3 Kearny.
TYPEWRITERS AXD SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better mcahines for less money than any
house In the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53R California: telephone Main 266.
DIVIDKXD NOTICES.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 19 (twenty-
five cents per share) of the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be "payable at thu
office of the company. 327 Market st.. on and
after Friday. March 15. 1501. Transfer books
will close Saturday. March 9. 1901. at 12
o'clock m. E. II. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 25 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the ofllce
of the company. S27 7»Iarket st.. on and after
Monday. March 11. JOCi. Transfer books clcsed
Saturday. March 2. lMt. nt 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany (con.)— A dividend. No. 27. of seventy-
five cents <75c) per share on th<» issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable, at the office of the company. 4M
Cnllfi.rn«& st.. San Francisco, on March 11.
1901. Trnnsfer bonk* o]ore March 4. 1901. at
noon. JtTLTAX PONN'TAO. secretary pro t*m.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMEXTST^
IN the Superior Court of tiie City and County
ef Ban Francisco. State of California— In the
matter of Honolulu Sugar Company, a cor-
poration, upon its application for a judgment
of dissolution. Notice.— No. . 75,297. Dept. 10.
Notice is hereby given that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized and exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of the
Btate of California, and having its office and
place of business in the city and county of
Ban Francisco, State of California, has filed
its application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of Its board of directors, a-ldressed
to the Superior Court of tho city and county
cf San Francisco, Btate of California pray-
ing for a Judgment of dissolution of said
corporation: and that Monday, March 25th
1901, at 10 o'clock a. m.. at the courtroom of
eald court. Department No. 10, In the City
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as the day time
and place for the hearing of said application
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
band and affixed the official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this 20th day of February. 1901
[Seal]. WM. A. DEANE-. Clerk. "
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 1M1. WM. A. DEANE
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON', p.putv Cleric!
PROPOSALS. ~~~
TREASURY Department. Office Supervising
Architect, "Washington. D. C. Feb. 21. 1901. —
Eealed proposals will be received at this of-
fice until 2 o'clock r>. m.. on the 29th day of
ilarch, 1301. and then opened, for the con-
struction and completion of a Cabin Pas-
senger House at the San Francisco Quaran-
tine Station. Angel Iviend. California. In ac-
cordance with drawing and specification,
copies cf which may be had at th« discretion
of the Supervising Architect, by applying to
this office or to J. W. Roberts, superintendent
of construction, at the New Postoriice, San
Francisco. California. JAMES KNOX TAY-
LOR, Supervising Architect.
TREASURY Department, office of Supervising
Architect. Washington, D. C, February 23.
1901. — Sealed proposals will be received at this
office until 2 o'clock p. in. on the Cth day of
April, 1S01, and then opened, for the construc-
tion (except heating apparatus, electric wiring
and conduits) of the United States Pcstofflce
at Oakland. Cal.. in accordance with draw-
ings and specifications, copies of which may
te had 'at this office or at the office of the
Postmaster at Oakland. Cal., at the discretion
of the Supervising Architect.
JAMES KNOX TAYLOR.
"¦ ' Supervising Architect.
NOTICE TO ¦ ARCHITECTS-Gcneral lnstruc-
tions to competitors for designing and fur-
nishing plani for a hospital for the German
General Benevolent Society can now b€~ ob-
tained at the office. 360 Geary ft.
THK BUILDING COMMITTEE.
BIRTES— MARRIAGES— DEATHST"
alrth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not t« inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed, with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOEN.
RTAN-In this city, March J. 1501. to the wife
of John C. Ryan, a son. •
died! , "
Aeeret, Jacob Miles, John
Alexander, Bernard • MeDade, Edward
Barns, Mary Opborn, Carrie E.
Boj-d. Georg-e O'Leary. Dennis
Coakley, William Poggl, Thomas
Duclch, Jeremiah ' Schumacher, J. XV.
Eck. Adam J. • Sullivan. Timothy
Farrell, Joseph L. Smyth, Eliza
Gerrara. John B. Seaman, Louise
Hallsworth. H. L. urlcka
Hasenmaier, Fred- Von Gerichten, Mrs.
Hanson, Thomas G. Josephine E.
ACERET— In this city. March 9. 1901. Jacob
Aceret. beloved husband of the late Anna
Aceret,. and father of Emll and Louise Ace-
ret, a native of Switzerland, aged 77 years I
month and 4 day?. A member of Lincoln
Po«t No. 1, G. A. R.
• tC7"Frlendi« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
JMondiiy), at 2 o'clock, from" his late resi-
der.ee, 2193 Golden Gate avenue. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
TO the officers and comrades of Lincoln Post
No. 1. G. A. R. : You are hereby notified to
attend the funeral of our late comrade. Jacob
Aceret, from his late residence. 2103 Golden
Gate avenue, thin day (Monday), at 2
o'clock. By order of
J. C. INNES. Post. Commander.
ALEXANDER — In Los Ang«les, March 9. 1501.
. Bernard, beloved son of Abraham and Bertha
Alexander, and brother of A. E. Alexander,
Mrs. Henry Kahn and Mrs. Harry Hoffman,
a native of Folsom. Cal.. aged 34 years.
fC^I'Vif-nds and acquaintances are respect-
fully InxMted to attend the funeral services
this day I Monday), at 2 o'clock, at ths resi-
dence of the parents, 1074 Twelfth street, Oak-
land (Adeline station). Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
BARNS— In this city. March 10. 1801. Mary,
wife of the late C. A. Barns, a native of
Ireland, aged S3 years.
BOTD-In this city.' March 8. 1901, George,
.younrett and beloved 'son of Thomas and
Minnie Uoyd. and brother of Edward. Claude
and Henry Boyd. a native of San Francisco.
-- aged 2 years and 2 months.
£yThe funeral will tak« place this day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
his narents. 1016 Treat avenue, between
Twenty-third and Twenty-fourth streets. In-
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
COAKLEY— In the City and County Hospital.
March 10. 1S01, William Coakley, a native of
New York, aged 42 years.
DCCICH— In the City and County Hospital,
March 10, 1S01. Jeremiah Ducich, a native of
Austria, aged 44 years.
ECK-In this city. March 9, 1501. Adam Joseph
Eck. & native of Bavaria, Germany, aged SI
years and 9 months. A member of St. Paulus
Society. -
G^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannairan &, Gallagher.)
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth *t., opposite Lincoln School.
' Telephone South SO.
UNITED UNDERTAKERS; I
V and 29 Fifth st. Tel South 167. I
IUSERAL DIRECT0&? AND EMBALM 3?. i. I
Finest -Equipment «t Moderate Rates. S
I/Y\c*\\/oy & co.. g
FUNERAL' DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS. |
1239 Market st.. between Sth and Sth. |
- ., . Telephone South 247. ¦ U
*
GREMATiON.
Odd Ullows' Ceui2tei7 Association,
SAN FRANCISCO." CAL.
The charge for cremation to churcn members
and members ot organizations having presiding.
ofttcers and secretaries and their families Is J30.
All pthers SJ5. Expensive coffins and onu-
ments are seldom used. A niche In the Colum-
barium is a monument and saves the cost of a
lot nnd its care and stone wevk. . Send for.clr-
GEORGE R.FLETCHER, Mar.accr. "
C7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her daughter. Mrs. W. H. Lange,
126 2 Eighth street, Oakland. Cremation at
Odd Fellows' Cemetery at 3:30 o'clock Tues-
day-
(C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral thia day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his nenhew. T. Sullivan. 20 '4 Laskle
street, ofl Mission. - between Eighth and
Ninth. th*nce to St. Joseph's Church. Tenth
street, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose-- of ¦• hli • soul at 10
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery-
SMYTH— In this city, March 10, 1901. Eliza
Smyth, beloved aunt of Katherine MeCanhet-
t'-rn. Acnes Barnes, Eliza McBride. Isabella
McKUlop, William and Maria Dallas and
Samuel and Elizabth Smyth, a native of Ire-
land, aged £5 years.
SEAMAN— In this city, March 10, 1901, Louise,
beloved wife of Frank W. Seaman, acred 3S
>ears.
VON GERICHTEX— In Oakland, March 9, 1301,
Mrs. Josephine E. von Gerichten. beloved
mother of Fred G.. Ernest A. and George P.
von Gerichten and Mrs. TV. II. Lange, and
sister of Mrs. Paul Kriedhofer. a native of
Manhelm, Germany, aged 61 years 8 months
and 1 day.
ICTFrlonds are Invited to attend the fu-
neral this day (Monday), from St. Joseph's
Church. Alameda, where a requiem mass will
be said for the. repose of his soul, commenc-
ing at 9:.W»o'cIock. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery.. Oakland. Cal.
OFFICERS' and members of Court Prido of
A. F. are requested to meet at their hall, at
8:30 o'clock, to attend the funfral of their
late brother, John William Schumacher. By
order of ED LANG, Chief Ranger.
J. II. PAUL, Secretary.
SULLIVAN— In this city. March 8. 1301, Tim-
othy Sullivan, beloved, uncle of Timothy,
Fonnie and the late Florence Sullivan, Mrs.
Thomas Foley and Mrs. R. J. Courtier, a
native of Dreenbee; GlengarifT. County Cork,
Ireland, aped 72 years 11 months and 12 days.
San Francisco, aged 35 years and 1 month.
C7"The funeral will take place this dav
(Monday), at 9:39 o'clock, from hlfl late resi-
dence. 43') Vallcjo street, thence to Sts. Peter
and Paul's Italian Church, where a snlomn
hiffh mat's will be celebrated for the repose
of his sole. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
SCHUMACHER-In Los Angeles. March 8.
1S03, John William Schumacher, beloved hus-
bar.d of Ella Schumacher, father of Georse
Schumacher, sen of Elizabeth and the late
Albert Schumacher, and brother of Toney,
Barbara and Albert Schumacher, a native of
jCTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday). at"S:20 o'clock, from the parlors
of Corew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Brigid's Church, Broadway ant
Van Ness avenue, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Croes Cemetery.
POGGI— In Napa. March 9. 1S01. Thomas.
dearly beloved eon of Mrs. Rosa Poggi Cuneo,
and brother of Mrs. I). M. Shafer, Mrs. Jo-
F»ph Losan. Charles Cuneo and the late
Steve Poggi. a native of Mariposa. Cal., aged
3S yoars and S months.
ET'The funeral will take place this- dav
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1SC8 Folsom street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church. Tenth street, where a solemn
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at'9 o'clock.
Interment private. Mount Calvary Cemetery.
OSBORN— In this city, March 10. 1901. Carrie
E.. wife of XV. E. Osborn. a native
of Marysvllle, Cal., aged 37 years 5 months
and a days. (Sacramento and Marysvllle
papers please copy.)
¦ tCTFrlends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Tues-
day), at 1:30 o'clock, at the chapel at Odd
Fellows' Cemetery.
O'LEARY— In this city. March 7, 1301, Dennli
O'Leary, beloved "brother of the late Julia
O'Leary. a native of County Cork. Ireland,
¦arcd 47 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrov
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from the Mortuary
Chapel of tho Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
MILES— In this city, March 10. 1901. John,
beloved husband of Frederlcka Miles, and
' father of Frederick John Miles, a native of
Russia. ¦ - •
(n7"Remalns at the funeral parlors of H. F.
Manes. 917 Mission etreet.
McDADE— In this city. March 9. 1901, Edward,
dearly beloved husband of Catherine Mc-
Dade. and fathor of John, Edward, Joseph
and Mapgle McDade and Mrs. Joseph Fago-
they and Mrs. Bryan KlllileS." a native of
County Donegal. Ireland, aged 71 years.
ITjyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 469ft Tehama street, thence to SL
Patrick's Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GERRARD— In this tity, March 9, 1901. John
B., beloved husband of Antoinette Gerrard,
and father of Frank S. Gerrard and i Mrs.
Sarah G. Fowler, a native of Burlington,
Vermont, 'aged 87 years 6 month and 24 days.
HALLSWORTH— In this city. March 10, 1901,
Herbert Leslie, dearly beloved husband of
Elizabeth Hallsworth, a native of Liverpool,
England, aged 49 years and 27 days. ¦
HASENMAIER — At Howell Mountain. St.
Helena, March IP, 1901, Fredaricka, . beloved
dauKhter of Mrs. B.' and the late F. J. Has-
enmaier, and sister of G. P. Hasenmaier,
Mrs. A. Mlllmelster. Mrs. L. Tiedemann.
Misses Mar>' and Helena Hasenmaier and
Sister M. Antcnia, N. -D.. a native of San
Francisco, ased 29 years 6 months, and 26
days. •
HANSEN— In this city. March 10, 1901. Thomas
G.. boloved husband of the late Fredericka
Hans>en, and beloved father of Grace Hansen.
a native of Sonderburir, Germany, aged 41
years and 1 month.
fully invited to attend the. funeral this day
(Monday), at 7:30 o'clock, from the parlors
cf the Gantner & Gunta Undertaking Com-
pany, 1203 Mission street, between Eighth anj
.Ninth, thence to St. Boniface's Church. Gold-
en Gate avenue, near Jones street, where a
solemn requiem high mass' will be celebrated
' for the repose of his sour, commencing at i
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FARRELL— In this city, March 7. 1901, Joseph
L., beloved husband of Bridget Farrell, and
stepfather of Willie Watts, a native of Phila-
delphia, aged 49 years 11 months and 23 days.
- (Philadelphia papers please copy.) . - -Trapper's OH cures rheumatism and neuralcU.
Druscists, too Cask. KichanU & Co.; 'M Clay. •
A Soldier Asphyxiated.-
II. Leeds, a member of Company C,
Third Artillery, waa taken from a room
ing-house at California street' and Central
avenue to the Receiving Hospital yester
day- forenoon suffering from monoxide
poisoning. Dr. Malaby administered re
storatives and Leeds will probably re
cover.
Building Trades in San Jose.
A committee consisting of President P.
H. McCarthy, O- A. Tveltmoe, H. W.
Saunders and A. J>Brandon of the Build
ing Trades Council of this city went to
San Jose Saturday evening to organize
a Building Trades Council in that vicin
ity. A temporary organization was ef
fected, and next Saturday night another
meeting will be held for the purpose of
making the organization permanent.
Klght unions participated in the proceed
ings.
Will Greet McKinley.
The Veterans of the Civil War held a
meeting Saturday night for the purpose of
completing arrangements for. the State
convention and for the reception of Presi
dent McKinley on his arrival in this State
The convention will be held a week pre
vious to the -advent of the chief magis
trate. The following names were added
to the general committee: F. W. Newell"
Oakland; M. F. Houghton, Oakland: J. O.'
fetockman. Hells. Or.; M. J. Meglander.
San Francisco. Dr. G. L.. Voorhees. San
Francisco, and Thomas Turnbull, Fruit
vale. ,
Wedding invitations and visiting cards
engraved and printed. Correct forms and
moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co. 741
Market st. - < •
Good Effects in Framing.
The most charming effects in "natural
wood mouldings In the dull Flemish and
polished finishes. Many new things in
mat boards recently added. Tiny blacks.
Brays, greens, mahogany and gilt mould
ings used for framing small pictures pro
duce beautiful gemsifor wall decorations
at very reasonablo prices. Sanborn, Vail
& Co.. 741 Market st. •
CAMERA CLUB HOLDS
RECEPTION FOR MEMBERS
Vocal and Instrunfehtal Selections
Erendered and Refreshments
' Served by Ladles. •
The California Camera Club, in order to
¦welcome the many votaries of photog
raphy who have recently Joined its ranks
and to furnish social enjoyment for its
members, has Instituted a series of Sat
urday afternoon entertainments, which
will be held semi-monthly. The first of
the series was given last Saturday. Im
promptu vocal and instrumental solos
were rendered by the members, and the
ladies who served tho refreshments "ac
quitted themselves in the most pleasing:
manner. The ladies who had charge of
the affair are: Mrs. W. B. Palmer, Mrs
W. B. Webster. Mrs. C.K. "Baldwin, Mtas
K. O. J,yons. Miss U Bruner. Miss M.
Erwin. Miss Ida B. French. Mlsa A. M.
Brooks. Mrs. M. P. Chilson and Mis3 Hat
tie E. Walsh. ' •
PERSONAL MENTION.
George H. Bennhard of Petaluma Is at
the Grand. '
R. J. Chase, a -Seattle mining man, is at
the Palace. '
J.' C. Ralston of Spokane Is registered
at the Occidental with his wife.
John J. Hawkins, a mining man of
Prescott, Ariz., Is at the Palace.
G. H. Aydelotte, a mining man of Los
Angeles/ Is staying at the Grand.
E. K. Randolph, a merchant of Morris
town, N. J., is a guest at the Palace.
J. W. Brockman, a merchant of Bakera
fleld. Is among the arrivals at the Califor
nia.
Otto Schmidt, general manager of the
Crockett sugar refinery and beet fields, is
at the California.
¦\V. "W. Chapin, a Secramento merchant,
and Senator A. F. Jones of Orovllle are
late arrivals at the Palace.
. "W. A. Macklnder, a St. Helena attor
ney, and Charles E. Ladd, a Portland
banker, are registered at the California.
Colonel II. I. KowrJsky, who has been
traveling in Europe" for several months,
returned yesterday and is now at the Pal
ace.
Miss Mollle Phelan. sister of Mayor Phe
lan,' arrived from Europe yesterday and
engaged apartments - at the Occidental.
Miss Phelan went away for the benefit of
her health six months ago and returns
considerably improved.
Ex-United States Senator E. Murphy of
New York arrived yesterday from the
southern part of the State with his son
and two daughters and registered at the
Palace. Mr. Murphy attended the funeral
of the late Senator. White In Los Angeles
and will remain in this city for several
weeks. Murphy is best known as Croker's
associate in the management of the last
campaign in New York.
EPWORTH LEAGUERS GET
REDUCED RAILWAY FARES
Traffic Manager McCormick Arrives,
but Pleads Ignorance of Fitz
hugh's Appointment.
E. O. McCormick. passenger traffic man
ager of the Southern Pacific Company,
arrived from Chicago yesterday, where he
went to attend a meeting. of the Trans
continental Passenger Association. The
principal business transacted at the meet-
Ing, McCormick Bays, was the fixing of
a special rate for the Epworth League
convention, which Is to be held here In
July. The round-trip rate from Chicago
will be $50, from Missouri River points $45
and from St. Louis, Memphis and New
Orleans $57 50.
McCormick pleaded absolute ignorance
of the rumor that President Hays had se
lected B. H. Fltzhugh of the Central Ver
mont road to succeed either Kruttschnltt
or Fillmore. McCormick was not with
the Hays party, but met Third Vice Pres
ident Stubbs, who did nor discuss Fitz
hugh's prospective appointment. McCor
mick visited Houston, Tex., and was
greatly struck with the evidences of pros
perity In the Lone Star State. Great re
sults are looked for in the planting of
rice, which gems to thrive, though in a
limited area. The oil discoveries are also
causing tremendous excitement and will
undoubtedly add materially to the State's
ST. PATRICK'S DAY WILL
BE PB0PKRLY OBSERVED
Arrangements Being Made. by Irish-
American Societies for Celebra
! tion Nearly Completed.
The St. Patrick's day convention met in
Knights of Red Branch Hall yesterday
afternoon and received reports, from the
several committees appointed to make all
necessary arrangements for the celebra
tion. An Irish play, '.'The Colleen Bawn,"
will" be presented In the afternoon at the
Central Theater. At the conclusion of the
performance the audience will Join in
singing "God Save Ireland." The evening
exerclsea will be held in Mechanics' Pa
vilion. There will be an oration, an orig
inal poem and vocal and instrumental
music. Stereopticon views - of historic
spots in Ireland will be shown. •
A committee was appointed to attend
the meeting of the Board of Kducation
this afternoon and request that permis
sion be granted school children to attend
the afternoon exercises without any loss
of credits for absence.
The matter of electing four additional
trustees to take' charge of the funds. of
the 1596 celebration was discussed, and
final action was deferred for two weeks.
The convention before adjourning
passed resolutions of respect to the mem
ory of the late P. J. Thomas.
The executive committee of the Knights
of St. Patrick held its final meeting Fri
day evening. The arrangements for the
annual banquet were completed. Among
thp speakers will be some of the most
famous and brilliant men in the civil and
military life of the commonwealth. Mayor
Phelan, David Starr Jordan, General
Shafter, Admiral Casey and ' others will
respond to the toasts of the evening. It
promises to be the most brilliant of the
many that have made the annual gather
ings of that society famous among the as
semblies of th<3 year.
A Bloodthirsty Cook.
Frank Mier. a cook, employed In a res
taurant on Baker street, near the Presi
dio, was arrested at an early hour yester
day morning by Policemen Alveres and
Krary and booked on a charge of assault
•with a deadly weapon. He was sleeping
In a small room in rear of the restaurant
with two other men who "rushed the
prowler" by climbing through the win
dow, as they did not want to awaken the
proprietor, who slept in an adjoining
room. Mier remonstrated with them, as
he wanted to sleep, and in his exaspera
tion he -procured a butcher-knife and
thawed them, threatening to cut their
heads off. The two officers appeared and
placed him under arrest.
THE CALL'S PREMIUM
ATLAS
Call Readers are entitled to
the privilege of securing' the
best Atlas published for $1.50.
This book is handsomely
bound in Bed Russian and
Maroon-Colored Silk, contains
about 550 pages of maps, cen
sus statistical and descriptive
matter, printed on fine Atlas
paper, and will be one of the
handsomest books ever of
fered. I>o not consider any
other premium offer until you
have fully investigated the
merits of Cram's Atlas of the
World, 1901 edition.
Through the explosion of a gasoline ma
chine which was being used yesterday
morning at. W. J. Little & Co.'s planins
mill on Brannan street, between Fourt'i
and Fifth, James Middleton and Patrick
J. Kelly, two boilermakers, were terri
bly burned about the hands and head,
while Gus- Edmonds, the mill engineer.
was scorched about the face.
While the mill was closed down on Sun
day the three men were endeavoring to
repair the boiler, and were using the gas
oline machine to heat the under part of
It preparatory to welding on a patch. Ed
monds was superintending the work, and
all three were gathered close about the
machine, when the gas in the reservoir be
came ignited and exploded with great
violence. The three mechanics were
hurled back and for a moment blinded by
the force of the shock. Mlddleton and
Kelly, who were the most severely in
jured, were hurried at once to the Harbor
Hospital, where their Injuries were at
tended to by Drs. Thrasher and Murphy
They suffered intense pain. Although the
heads of both were badly burned near the
eyes, their sight was not Injured. As soon
as their injuries were dressed they were
removed to their homes— Kelly to 521^
Howard street, and Mlddleton to Fruit
vale. Edmonds, who was not so badly
burned, was taken at once to his home
at 4063 Nineteenth street.
It is not known positively what caused
the gasoline machine to explode. It is
believed that the reservoir sprang aleak,
the escaping gas caught fire and the flame
was thus communicated to the main body
oi vapor.
Mechanics Engaged in Mend
ing a Boilar Are Seri
ously Injund.
THREE MEN HURT
IN AN EXPLOSION
The bill of Assemblyman Henry, which
received the Governor's signature Friday,
restricting the hours of service of police
men to eight hours daily, is not considered
seriously by the commission. For one
thing It Is held to be unconstitutional by
that body, as it was decided by the Su
preme Court in the case of Max Popper
against the city In connection with the bill
passed by the Legislature two years ago,
increasing the pay of captains and detec
tives in thp Police Department, that such
a bill was unconstitutional, as it dealt
with a purely municipal affair.
Chief Sullivan said yesterday that the
Police Commissioners and himself had
been trying for some time before the
Henry bill was introduced Into the Legis
lature to decide upon, the best means of
meeting the provisions of the charter that
all employes of the city should not serve
more than eight hours daily. . "According:
to the charter," said the Chief. Vwe should
have one police officer for every 500 in
habitants. That would give us in accord
ance with the last census 684 officers. It Is
plainly indicated in the charter that pa
trolmen is meant, as the instrument dis
tinctly says, 'each police officer at J1200
per annum,' so that corporals, sergeants,
lieutenants and captains are not included
in the enumeration. We have at present
505 partolmen, so that we are actually en
titled to 179 more. If we were allowed the
additional number of 179 men we could in
stitute the now order of things in accord
ance with the charter by making each
man serve only eight hours daily., al
though we would have none to spare. \
"Nothing can be done till the Board of
Supervisors acts. I have, us has already
been said, no power to make th«» Increase
and I am entirely in the hands of - the
Board of Supervisors. "We had intended
submitting the matter to the board before
the close of the fiscal year, so that the ad
ditional expe-dlture could be incorporated
in the next year's estimates."
It Is Unconstitutional- Ac
cording to Siprsme
Court Decision.
HENRY BILL NOT
TAKEN SERIOUSLY
Police Officer J. W. Scott, one of the
new appointees to the force, is congratu
lating himself that be is not occupying o
slab in the Morgue. Late Saturday nltfht
he boarded a Clay-street car e.t the corner
of Kearny in response to the cries of the
conductor and found the latter surrounded
by a half dozen soldiers, who were aim
ing blows at his head. Scott attempted
to place the soldiers under arrest and
they attacked him. One of them seized
him by the throat and would have stran
gled him excepting for the conductor,
who, realizing that the officer was "up
against it." as he expressed it. blew nis
police whistle.
Fortunately for Scott, Lieutenant Bird
sail and several of his men were passing
at the time, and seeing the struggle in the
car they lost no time in going- to their
fellow-officer's assistance. The soldiers,
seeing them boarding the vehicle, hastily
alighted and made their escape, with the
exception of one, who grave his name as
David Roy. He vigorously resisted arrsst
and it was not until he was roughly han
dled that he consented to accompany his
captors to the City Prison, where he waa
charped with drunkenness and disturb
ing the peace.
Last night one of the officers from the
Presidio visited police headquarters ani
obtained statements from Scott and the
officers who went to his rescue. It is the
intention of the military authorities to
make an example of the men. thus hoping
to avoid similar occurrences in tho future.
The conductor Is satisfied that if it had
not been for the prompt response of Scott
and the other officers he and the former
would have been seriously Injured If not
made subjects for the Coroner. Scott's
throat is considerably bruised. He was
almost choked to death.
Patrolman J. W. Scott Is
Riughly Handled by
Uncle Sam's Men.
SOLDIERS ATTACK
POLICE OFFICER
PtflLIP H. REMILLARD. OF OAK
LAND, VICTIM OF A PECULIAR
ACCIDENT.
PHILIP H. MEMILLARD. vice
president of Ihe Remillard Brick
Company, wfio fell through the
fire-escape in front of the Del
monico restaurant early yester
day morning, was not as seriously injured
as at first reported. While the Injuries he
received will confine him to bed for some
days, the physicians attending him say
they have 'no fear for his ultimate recov
ery. When he was first taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital he was suffering from
nervous shock. He soon recovered, how
ever, and three hours later was sufficient
ly improved to be removed by friends to
the Waldeck Sanatorium. Remillard. who
is prominent in business, social and po
litical circles, has a host of friends, and
many of them called at the. sanatorium
yesterday afternoon " to visit him. They
were refused admission to his room, as
the physicians deemed it advisable to
keep him quiet for several days. No on©
•was admitted to the room but his mother
and other members of the family. .
It was at first feared that Remillard had
sustained a. fracture of the base of the
skull, but there was nothing yesterday to
Indicate that such was the case. Despite
the injuries to his head and face he was
able to talk, but the hospital attendants
urged him to remain quiet. '¦
Remillard is a heavy man. and the fact
that he escaped instant death creates sur
prise. When he opened the window of the
room on the second floor of the restau
rant, where he had been dining with a
party of friends, he stepped out on
what he thought in the darkness to be a
balcony. The next instant he disappeared
from view and struck with'a crash on the
stone, sidewalk below. He had not no
ticed that in the center of the fire-escape
he took to bee a balcony was a large
opening to permit of the firemen raising a
ladder and reaching tbe second floor In
the event of there being a fire in the
building.
His Friends Remove Him to Waldeck Sanatorium and
Physicians Say He Will Recover.
President Chartrey in Defending His
Regime Is Hooted and Several
Speakers Indulge in
Personalities.
A elgr.al victory was won yesterday by
the ar.ti-Chartrey faction at the annual
meeting of the members of the Frencn
Mutual Benevolent Society, held in Na
tive Sons' Hall.
During the four hours which the rneet
lr.g lasted, it had all the characteristics
of a session of the Chamber of Deputies
Of France. The spectacle of a few hun
dred persons, all trying to talk at the
same time, was a unique one and Chair
man P. A. Bergerct used up his physical
etrer-gth in wieldinc a bell to call the
members to order.
President R. Chartrey was on hand with
his followers, but that eiement of the so
ciety was routed horse, foot and artillery-
Judging by the sentiment expressed at
yesterday's meeting. Chartrey and his
staff will so down to defeat at the an
nual election of officers to be held on Sun
day. March 24.
Personalities -were frequently indulged
in and Chartrey rushed to the platform
many times to beseech the chairman to
apply the "closure."
Representatives of tne press were
obliged to identify themselves to Chart
rey's satisfaction ere they were admitted
to the meeting. In calling the gathering
to order, Chartrey accused his opponents
of having given malicious information to
the newspapers and said that the stories
as to scandals in the French Hospital had
no foundation. The president was lis
tened to with attention and everything
was orderly during the election of a
chairman, secretary and vice chairman.
P. A. Bergerot was elected to the chair.
Jules Godeau was made vice chairman
and L. Carrerene was appointed secretary.
These gentlemen all belong to the anti-
Chartrey faction and their election was
looked upon as a. blow at the superinten
dent. The president's report was read by
the secretary and it was frequently inter
rupted with loud laughter and jeers. Lou I
cries greeted his short comment on the
Bosquct-Han.ivan affair, and also his
suggestion that the nurses at the hospital
be allowed some harmless recreations.
The members were impelled to laughter by
the recollection of how Miss Hanavan
charged Superintendent Bosquet with
forcing his attentions upon her and the
recent bal musque given by the nurses
¦while off duty.
When Chairman Bergerot asked for
written suggestions as to changes in the
administration uf the hospital, he was
deluged with papers from all parts of the
hall. Julian Bcr^erot read a paper in
which the present administration came in
for severe" criticism. "He suggested tlw
abolishment of The nurses' training school
and the employment of graduate nurses
in the hoppjtaJ. The speaker also favored
ending the of "paying" patients
and urg-ed thct only members should be
treated in the hospital. Mr. Bergerot pre
sented elaborate figures to show that the
system of "paying" patients was unprofit
able.
When it came to a discussion of the va
rious sugRestions made in writing, con
siderable feeling was shown on both sides
of the hall. Chartrey was accused of be
ing a party to wasteful extravagance and
an in^ian'.<? was cited where officers of
a French warship had been lavishly ban-
qucted at the hospital at the expense of
the society and on the same day a patient
had been refused an egg on the ground
that "eggs were expensive."
Laxity in the management of the hos
pital was also charged and each time that
Chartrey interrupted the speakers he was
hooted down. A lonff discussion was held
as to abolishing the training school for
riursps and much feeling was expressed
by the speaker?. The conduct of the doc
tors was also reviewed and many speakers
took a "whack" at President Chartrey.
That gentleman objected constantly to
"personalities," and appealed to the chair
for protection. When he was accused of
having used his position to secure free
treatment for some people, in order to
drum up votes. Chartrey- Was wild with
passion and made a vehement address,
which, however, only rliclted laughter.
For four hours the debate waxed hot and
the Chartrey faction went down to defeat
on each subject. The ciimax came when
cne speaker not only accused Chartrey of
drumming up votes in an illegal way but
also said that he was not a patriotic
Frenchman, because he had worked his
employes on July 11. ¦ This statement
caused a rumpus.
Chairman Bergerot had the greatest dif
ficulty in restoring order and insisted that
personalities be avoided by the speakers.
Chartrey. in passionate voice, demanded
to know why every one was attacking him
for alleged misconduct in the hospital
management. He insisted that if anything
¦was wrone the directors should be held
responsible as a body.
"Why is it." he asked, "that all over
the French colony I hear the cry. 'a bas
Chartrey'?" But the members present
only jeered and laughed the more.
The meeting finally ended -with the elec
tion of the following officers of election:
A. Nuqueu, president: H. Fabre, secre
tary: I. LaEselle. A. Duclos. judges; F.
Cames. J. Tisne. E. BlarQuire, R. Aguirre.
clerks.
Nominations of candidates for election
will dose next Saturday afternoon.
Serious Charges Are Mad«
Against Management at
Annual Session.
FRENCH HOSPITAL
MEMBERS MEET
The wife of Charles Ure. who wasjfe
cently committed to the Napa Ins*ne
Asylum, last night visited police head
quarters and endeavored to ascertain
what had become of her husband's bank
book and other articles which he had with
him when he came to this city. Ure, who
has been married only a few years, left
his home in Santa Rosa last Monday and
came to this city, after writing an affec
tionate letter to his wife, who was then
in the southern part of the State visiting
friends, informing her that he was about
to visit San Francisco and would return
home in a few days. After arriving here
the unfortunate man ¦was found by a. po
liceman acting strangely at Sixteenth and
Mission streets, and as he exhibited symp
toms of insanity he was taken to the City
Prison and af teward to the detention ward
of the Receiving Hospital. When arrested
he had $16 in his pockets and a cheap
knife. The following day. he was exam
ined by the Commissioners of Lunacy and,
as it was apparent that he ¦was suffering
from mental decay, he was committed to
the Napa Insane Asylum.
Saturday night Mrs. Ure, not knowing
what had become of her husband, and
fearing that he had met with foul play,
lost no time in coming to the city. After
arriving here she at once went to police
headquarters and inquired about her hus
band. She was surprised to learn that he
had been committed to an insane asylum,
as she had never discovered that his mind
was deranged.
Mrs. Ure cannot account for the disap
pearance of her husband's bankbook. She
thinks it may have been stolen from him.
Detective Anthony has been detailed to
llnd the book.
The Wife of an Insane Man
-Thinks That He Was
Robbed.
"I have received assurances from a
great many members In both houses that
they will stand by California In its effort
to have the Chinese exclusion act passed,
and I have no doubt that it will become a
law at the beginning of the next session
of Congress." • -
These words were uttered by Congress
.man Julius S. Kahn, who returned from
Washington. D. C., yesterday. Mr. Kahn
was accompanied by Congressman "Wil
liam Elliott of Ueaufort, South Carolina,
who has represented the Charleston dis
trict during the last fourteen years. Mr.
Elliott and his wife have come to this
coast to meet their son, who is an om
cer in the marine corps in Manila and
who has been invalided home. The son
is expected to arrive on the transport
Beaufort, which is due shortly.
Congressman Elliott is a leader on the
Democratic side of the House of Repre
sentatives and is a member of the Ju
diciary Committee of that body. He is
one of the oldest members in Congress and
is universally respected.
"Such men as Senators Foraker and
Lodge." continued Kahn in discussing the
restriction act, "have given me positive
assurances that they will support the
measure. I will make a strong effort to
fix the period of restriction at twenty
years. The bill will surely become a law,
though that period may have to be some
what reduced.
"I was glad to see that the Senate ad-:
Journed without taking action on the
reciprocity treaties. The California dele
gation made a gallant fight to prevent
their ratification, which would have irre
trievably ruined the citrus and dried
fruit industry of this State. The resigna
tion of John A. Casson as Commissioner
Plenipotentiary of the United States, hav
ing in charge the negotiations, is slgnn
cant. It is safe to conclude that the Gov
ernment will make no further efforts to
negotiate reciprocity treaties.
"The failure of Congress to pass the
transpacific cable, Nicaragua Canal and
the river and harbor appropriation bills
is to be deplored. I believe, however, that
a sentiment in favor of the measures has
been created which will help them mate
rially next session. At least forty mem
bers of Congress will come here next sum
mer and by their presence we will be en
abled to show the necessity for great pub
lic improvements. Among those who will
come are the members of the River and
Harbor and Naval committees. Inside of
two weeks we will have Congressmen
Packer. Polk. Dalzell and Gordon of Penn
sylvania; . Hall of Iowa, Landers and
Steele of Indiana, Grosvenor and Southard
of Ohio, and Dayton of "West Virginia.
"Secretary Long assured me just before
I left that he was elated at the satisfac
tion expressed by the commercial bodies
over the naming after this State of one of
the new cruising battleships. These are
to be four in number — California. Penn
sylvania, Virginia and South Dakota— and
they will, combine speed with heavy fight
ing dualities."
Mr. Kahn expressed himself as being
much fatigued over his trip and his la
bors in Congress. He will leave early this
morning for one of the health resorts to
take a much-needed rest.
ANXIOUS ABOUT
HIS BANK BOOK
Arrives Here With William Elliott,
Who TTffff Represented Charleston
District in Congress for
Fourteen Years.
Congressman Kahn Dis
cusses the Defeat of
Certain Measures.
SAYS EXCLUSION
AC T WILL PASS
REMILLARD NOT AS BADLY
HURT AS FIRST REPORTED
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 11, 1901.
/:
10
G0LDBEB5. B0WEN t CO'3 SPECIAL SAVING SALl
Almonds
California shelled— / ,^., v
fancy — reg'ly 40c lb 3 oe>
Ginger
Candled— y mr*
reg'ly 20c lb 1 5 C
Florida water 450
Murray & Lanman
Talcum powdei
jSSette 3 250
Carmel so a p
Made from olive oil — r n<\
reg'ly 6oc— box of 6 cakes
E ggs
Selected stock— dozen I J C|
«3i Pine Jtji Suttar *"oo California S*« FraaciwaJ
Thirteenth aad Clay streets Oakland
Broken
Eyeglass
r«Bsea replaced for SO cents.
Any Astlgrmatle lenses duplicated for QXjOO
and flJSO.
Guaranteed correct and test quality.
Oculists* prescriptions filled. Factory oa
premises. Quick repairing. Phone, Mala 19,
Mnty&JiMtQ
642 Market 5t. instruments
uMora CMROMicit Buu.otN&. Catalogue Frcc.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS,
SO feet on north side of Jackson street,
THOS. JWAGEE & SONS.
5 Montftomsry Street.
DR.MQNDLTY.
Tins vrsOrKSows and rf.liable old
I Rn<*cialistewe* Blood Poison, «>onorrhteH,f;;pf t,
StrJotur*. .MernlmtlWeaines*, Imputpncnand their
nlhed Disorders. Hooic on Di.wue* of Men, fr»«>
Ov*r20ye»rV#xp«'r<ence.'I>Tm* reasonable. Kour*I
StoSdaily ;«.-:» to3.3Dev'Ks.Hnnd.ir*. 10 tn 12. Cnn-ml-
tatlontreeandsacredly confidential. Call o/addresa
P. ROHCOE 3Sctfl7l/rY, M.D.
2Q11 Kc&ray St.. Sen .Francisco- •"•-•
QOLDEEBO. B0 TEN ft CO'S SPECIAL 3 A VIJTQ SALS
BOW EN,
X CO
Monday Tuesday Wednesda)
B a k i ng powder
Excelsior— x and 5 lb cans - -. „
reg'ly 40c lb 3 U *"
C o f f e e > «
Kona— reg'ly 25c lb— o or
You'll surely like it 2 O C
Corn and succotash
Sea Foam — Maine 12.^4c
reg'ly 15c can 7
dozen $ I 40
Cocoanut
Schepps— shredded— ,*,/-,
fresh stock— reg'ly 30c lb J 2 /* c
H e r r ing
Bay le's— boneless— « oc
«g'ly 25c jar-appetlz!ng ZOC
Safety matches
fiS5S- 5 doz boxes 25c
children can't light them
Shrimps
For a quick salad— -._
reg'ly 1 2*c can *°C
Kieler sp rotten
Smoked sardines in oil— T o ./'
reg'ly 15c can **/2<-
Canned fruit
Alcalde— reg'ly 20c can . r rtt . __„
All kinds-ln rich syrup 3 tor 5 OC
C 1 a r e t
"V" Zlnfandel- . _ .
reg'ly 50c gallon 4 gL
• V* h i q k v
reg'ly special
Old Crow bourbon 1892 bot Si 25 Ji
u " " " bot 5 4
Hermitage rve i8£6 bot 1 50 1 15
Sk " ' gal 6 45c
Alkethrepta
Condensed chocolate — « nr
reg'ly 25c can . • - .
Bouillon
Anker— capsules— O PC
celery flavor— reg'ly 30c box j v "
M o 1 a s s e s
New Orleans . c CC
reg'ly 75c gallon can ' j j
Da t e s
Italian— res'ly ioc lb Iy / iu - - c
tart— large and tender 3/3 1U l
A p p 1 e s •
Evaporated— Alden — a ]|js 2CC
reg'ly ioc lb ~ J A
IISINJROCERS
THREE-DAY
SPECIAL SALE
PHOXE MISSION 3.
Butter. HpheM grade fancy creamery, sq 30c
Th!e butter Is made In the hljrhest alti-
tude* of the Sierra Nevada Mountains— the
frodurt of natural grasses and prime moun-
tain KitW.
Eggs, extra far.cj. large size 15c
Received direct from the Highland Poultry
Farm. Monday and Tuesday.
TcmalEs. boneless chicken per can 10c
Quality bitbest eraie. Keg lr.ic per can.
Catsup, . niter's pint bottles 20c
n*£. 2Se You know the quality.
Coffes.J'nandYoclia peril) 25c
Rcatt**! daUy. Money can't buy better.
n»lrCC road ¦• from whr»t. i n t. n nr.
Put up In 2-lb. packages. Any brand.
Tic~. ioc.
Sea?, for the lanns'ry 50 cakes ?l;00
Made by Cudafcy. Makes washing eaey.
$o;p. f rtiie to "et. ? arge c ke?, 7 cikes 25c
Very eaey on the »kln. Iteg. Sc cake.
Special attenli'm paid to country orders.
Write us.
t. H. C03C0RAN & £0..
120! VALENCIA STREET, CORNER 23d.
_s ADVERTISEMENTS.
WASH
Our customers are Informed that on MONDAY,
March 11th, will take Dlace OUR COMPLETE
OPENING OF NEW WASH MATERIALS FOR
SPRING, 1901. We will then place on sale
a most elegant assortment of the following
Fabrics, all of which are in the newest color-
ings, and the stules of most are confined ex-
clusively to us,
Japanese Corded Wash Silks.
Mercerized French Printed Sateens.
Lace Striped Egyptian Tissues.
Irish and Scotch Printed Dimities.
Silk and Linen Wash Fabrics.
Mercerized Cotton Foulards.
White and Colored Dotted Swiss.
Imported Dress Crashes.
Plain and Printed English Galateas.
Silk Wash Ginghams.
Plain and Printed Organdies.
Mercerized Persian Lawns.
Best Quality Printed Percales.
Scotch Zephyr Ginghams.
Extra Quality Japanese Wash Crepes.
CPFPIAI 150 Pieces 32-INCH PRINTED DIMITY, In
01 LUIHLi a n t^g neBr colorings and ir n Vn A
verg nandsome styles - - lOG IfllQi
NOTE.— In ordering samples or afcoye goods pleasa
De particular to spedfy prices and colors
wanted.
HI. 113. 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.