SAN FRANCISCO, L^^DAY^^^^ip^yisbliV?'
VOLUME LXXXIX-NO. 161.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
PRESIDENT AND MRS. MCKINLEY LEAD PAGEANT
OF FLOWER - BEDECKED CARRIAGES IN FIESTA
FLORAL PARADE ALONG LOS ANGELES STREETS
Continued on Second Page.
r OS ANGELES, May. 9.— The, ab
.. sence of. the -Governor from' the ¦'
public functions . of " to.-day . was :
noticed' and freely, commented
'. 1 -jJ \ upon, for ic was. known that the
Governor was at his ranch near :
Los Angeles, if no.t. actually- in the city.
A dozen different reasons have been given ;
for the .executive's absence, the true one !
being; a clash between Gage and- those in :
charge of the arrangements here over the j
usual questions of courtesy. . ...{. '.
iThe Governor declares .. he', has . been f
slighted, arid 'to .prove it he says he' has '
received no invitatiin'to take part in any !
Of the functions 'pertaining to the recep- \
tion" of th'e~ President. " He thinks, too, t
there was ari a'ttenlpt/on' the part-iof his j
old-time enemy, ' Otis,' who has" had a [
great'deal to'do'. with, the programme, al- j
though he^has not • figured promlriently in ' ;
any. of the arrangements, to keep" him out --•
of the doings, in "Lbs. Angeles; and 'those '
which took; place 'In ••Kedlarids- yesterday .
as well. : ;.;.'¦' ; \ . ¦ '. \>. ; " • ' '. ' ; ¦ ':
, There is a stout denial . on the ; part of
the ; committeemen 'here; that there '.was
ever any intention' to slight- the Governor..,'
j ; Ferd K. Rule- and Homer. Laughlin of
the local committee of reception and ar- '
rangements went '¦to'' Redlands 'to 'meet
President McKiriley, but they went to see."
Gage as well and to- ask him. what he ;
would do and what he wished to do. ' They ;
said- invitations toall public-functions'had
been sent to him,' and he said 'he had not
received them,* thus leavirig'to the iriteg- !¦¦
rity of the postoffice the solution of the
problem. . • ! ":. '¦¦¦' " " '
iGa'ge finally said, any way,: that he '.
.would .-not take * any part - in the pro
gramme. ¦ He ¦ was asked . to • ride , to Red
lands in the President's train, but would
not, as. he said'! he would not -have his : .
part, and there was no assurance that;
they could get. on the train also. .-He was
asked to '.remain In* Los Angeles to-day :
and . be in ; the ctand .with McKinley, but
he" would, not. He was finally y asked by j
Mr. Laughlin to. attend the private dinner \
given to . the 'President . in Laughlin I
home this ; evenlnVrbut again he refused,
saying j he - had important in j San |
Francisco which he'had to attend to. Then |
he .went) to) his r ranch, ¦; and ,'; some , one at ;
his > ' house ' there, . answering a' question j
over the telephone' to-rilght;r said '.he 7 was ;
probably in Los Angeles _and .would : not go '
to'thi"ciiy foTa week 'yet/'T'" "TV > c* .: -
. Secret Service Agent Cronin, who had Joined In th» hunt,
lost no time in grabbing the thief, who was at once hustled
United. States Secret Service Agent George Foster had.
charge o?, the detectives who guarded the President during his
visit to the Soldiers' Home. .-Ajnong his rnen were four detec
tives belonging to the Los Angeles department. As the Presi
dential party, was about to leave the dining-room these men
were sent ahead by Fester to clear the. way to the cars and
only, the latter and Special Agent Criroin remained behind to
protect the guests from. AVashington. It was at this time that
tha pickpocket tackled Mr,- Moore's pocket. He was standing
in the center of a number of people when he felt a hand In
serted in the .pocket . which contained his pocketbook and he
knew that as the thief withdrew his fingers the purse went
along witn> It. Moore glanced over his shoulder and saw the
fellow .who had robbed him.
'It was: after -the -reception to the President in the dining
room :it the Soldiers' Home,' about 4 o'clock, as the party was
breaking up and • preparing to proceed to the cars that the
pickpocket reaped a harvest of well-filled purses. ' He would
probably nave escaped detection and capture had it not been
for. Charles A. Moore, a wealthy New York manufacturer, who
is a member of the party. The pickpocket was no respecter of
persons and. before he had begun operations upon Mr. Moore
ho had already successfully obtained the purses of Secretaries
Hay and Wilson. In the collection of pocketbooks found upon
the crook after he had been arrested and handcuffed there were
those of less , Important persons and not so well filled as thosa
of the Presidential party. V
Members of Cabinet Have Pockets Picked.
Secretary of State Hay; Secretary Wilson and eight other
members : of the • Presidential party were robbed by 'a clever
pickpocket at the Soldiers', Home thi3 afternoon. The thief
was afterward caught and he Is new in jail in Los Angeles and
the property has been recovered.
¦ "I never meet my_ comrades that I 'do not recall how many
of them are no longer with us. They have gone who seem so
great; gone, but nothing can bereave them of the force they
made their own. being here, and we know them something far
advanced andthat they weax a purer crown than any man can
weave them.' Th/iy sleep to-day in tho3e silent tents that never
are to be opened— the tents that outward swing. Thus our
comrades "are" sleeping— sleeping* where they fell, and falling:
for the hoiiest cause for which men could fight."
"I am here to tell you that on those battlefields and in the
Southern cities and towns through wmch I passed those who
bid . me warm welcome and those associated with me were the
men who were your foes forty years ago — friends now, march
ing side by side as they did with the Grand Army of the Re
public, to give me "greeting— all now having one faith, one hope,
one aspiration, one destiny, and all loving the same old flag.
_ "I am here to tell my comrades of 1861 that I have only
within the last week passed through the battlefields upon
which so many of you fought and upon which so many of your
comrades fell.' -. ,. • ' "¦
' ; 'At! the end of the hall was a stand decorated with military
emblems, and. to that; the. President walked, escorted hy. the
officers of the -home and the members' of his post. As he
-passed in the veterans wheeled into column and ' followed until
they had arranged themselves in front, of . the : stand. .. The
President was/greeted with cheers as, he rose to speak. He
. -: . •; ¦;.".¦; • .' : . - ¦: ¦'. ' ..': : ; \ " . ' .'
''My comrades: I am very glad to meet you all here in: this
beautiful home provided by the ' Government of the United
States, .'which you served so welkin time; of war. where, you
can. end peacefully and with ,' repose the later days of your,
lives.- Therei is no relation except that of home and family so
close. and intimate and sacred as that of comradeship in war.
' And when we. remember that we were not" only ; soldiers serv
ing In' the same army, but that ,we were. serving forond of the
noblest causes that' ever engaged mankind— that "of the preser
vation of. this republic— there is an added sanctity to our rela
tions'from'61 to '65: ..'..... '.'-¦ ¦„,.•.,: ' _-;. -
¦ ."Toyou and.to;all of ;you, comrades^ from every Stato and
Territory of the Union, the nation has for all a' sense of grati
tude,' and men who" love liberty everywhere'applatd your noble
Work.' ' ¦' .¦¦¦.¦,-¦, ¦ - .- ¦¦ •¦•-•- \' ¦¦ ¦•¦¦-: >.•¦:•
President Spe aks to ; Comrades of Civil .War.
' -'The carriage of the' nation's chief executive was drawnby
four, handsome "white' : horses with gilded ] harness. : The other
distinguished guests were amply .'provided ; with carriages and
all ".were speedily j conveyed to. the ..home, a half mile - away,
while a: huge cannon was belching -forth a' Presidential salute
of twenty-one guns. The guests made a- slight detour' of the
grounds and finally landed at •the office building, , where, they
were presented ; to the. official staff, of the home. Eight com
panies.had been mustered into line and in open rank filed along
either side of. the, footway leading from, the office to the dining
hall, two- blocks distant. -These aged and scarred veterans,: in
military attire formed adouble line, through, which the Presi
dent," with uncovered : head, marched to ,the steps of the. great
hall, accompanied by Major Bonsall, "Governor La Grange and
other officers of thehomo. ¦ ¦¦ . -x
. B- Dexter, Postmaster of .Santa.. Monica; Mrs. v De
f ores, and* Mrsi"; Fred .Eaton T of r this city had "charge of the
President's carriage and) had- It, beautifully 'decorated. ¦>. The
President. and. party were in charge of Major Bonsall and were
receivedbyi'General' O. ; H' La- Grange, governor of the home. :
' ..,The' run "from the. city, was made\in thirty minutes
and on the President's arrival at the'home the' old soldiers were
drawn up in' line tosalute him, as they did the flag, so many
years ago. ¦ The lines .were not as straight as they might have
been, and }he men in the ranks. were not without stoop or limp
or trembling hands, and the voices that: cheered might; have
been* louder, but'therecould'be .no more -touching welcome to
any man. than that. McK'nley got from' the, veterans at Santa
Monica.' ¦ . • ¦ •„ • • ¦ • ¦• ¦ :
7T OS .ANGELES. : May. 9.— After luncheon at fthe^yaiT
. Nuys Hotel the President, and his party took the
. : 'parlor' 'car 'Mermaid -of the 'electric 'line" to the Sol
¦ ; • diers' .Home at .Santa Monica and spent the reraain
4. V ing hours of the afternoon v.ith the veterans. - -
LOS ANGELES, May 9.— There have been bigger
crowds In the streets of Los Angeles, and there have
been noisier o-nes. but there has never been a . more
enthusiastic throne of people than that which blocked
all sidewalk travel to-day and nearly checked the ad
vance of one of the best parades the city has seen.
: It was a great event from the commencement to the end,
and It won generous applause from the President, In whose
honor !t marched.
It was 11 o'clock when the platoon of mounted police that
led the way started from the Van Xuys Hotel. President Mc-
Kinley had been ushered into his carriage through a crowd
that crushed and jostled around the entrance of the hotel and
cheered until the President had driven far down the street;
The route, starting at the hotel on Main street, was 'down
Main to Temple block, around Temple block to Spring street,
couth on Spring to Sixth, on Sixth to Broadway, north. on
Broadway to First street and then on First to Hill, where the
parade disbanded. ' .....
On- Broadway, in front of the City Hall, was the stand from
•which the President was to review the parade. Tribunes
reached on either side up and down the street so far as to
shield the entire front of the City Hall and the adjoining build
ings and to block the sidewalk and a good part of the roadway.
Gay in bunting of the carnival yellow and roofed with a cloud
of light blue, the President's stand stood forth from the trib
unes, a conspicuous sight from up and down Broadway. " Just
across tricolored pampas plumes edged the sidewalk, and car
nival bunting and national banners blended their brilliance
along the building fronts and from window to window.
Ovation Received at the Reviewing Stand.
The crowd was all there, and it was well past the hour of
11 when the President arrived at the reviewing stand. Ho had
been enthusiastically received all along the route, but the big
crowd had gathered in and around the tribunes and it was
there he received the ovation of the day. He rode In a car
riage of white and gold, the white being the simple purity of
white carnations and tha yellow gaudy marguerites and silk.
Four white horses, harnessed in yellow and with tails and
manes proudly crimped, drew the carriage, and at the head of
each horse walked vaqueros in yellow velvet, wearing broad
sombreros and stepping as proudly as | the milk white horses.
Ferd. K. Rule and Homer Laughlin of the local committee of
reception and arrangements rode on the forward seat of the
President's carriage, while he alone occupied the back seat and
bowed and smiled his cordial responses to the greetings show
rred U2cn him. MC*ftS
It was expected that Mrs. McKlnley would ride with the
President and would occupy the reviewing stand with him, but
at the Jast moment It was decided that the excitement' would
be too much for her. Instead, she and Dr. Rixey drove in a
half-closed carriage along the line of march and to the review
ing- stand, but there some one recognized her and cheers and
hand-clapping went along the crowds like the wind over a
field of waving grain; nor did the applause cease until the
President's wife had driven away. V "_ ; • *
Parade Holds Much of Interest..
As the parade passed^the" President took his 'place at the
railing of the stand and' most of the' time; with his hat in his
hand he watched, the divisions pass. ./His escort, the signal
corps of the First Brigade and its cavalry troop, passed' first
and lined up along the street, waiting 'for the time when the
parade had passed to escprt him back-to the hotel again, and
then, f or _ an hour. and a half passed features seen, only In the
floral parades of Southern California, , \. '. ..' '
The parade was not made wholly of flowers, however, for
there- were. at. least two features which caught and' held -the
President's attention and won from "him.special" commendation.
One was a riotous, I reckless crowd- of cowboys, -that with
whoops .and yells came' galloping 'down' 'the' street, and the
other was the Chinese division, j _
- The cowboys were from San Fernando. .They were dressed.
In true cowboy style, which means- almost anything pic
turesque^ and- all their, attention seemed to have been lavished
on. bridles and saddles,, spurs and sombreros. As they came
down the street' they had some semblance of a line, but when
they caught sight of the" President "they broke ranks' and
dashed at a mad gallop until just in front of him. Horses were
reined back upon their haunches and the .'wild cavalcade came
to a sudden, stop and mix-up. • For. a minute the street was full
of cowboys with flopping hats and capering horses, and- each
yelled like a Comanche, and' then when 'the President raised
his hat to them and broke Into a laugh they gave one more
•wild whoop. and rushed on down the street, getting into lino
again as quickly as they had left It.
. Chinese Division for Sober Enthusiasm.
For an exhibition of serious enthusiasm, the' Chinese di
vision was a -tremendous success. From the well behatted,
young Chinaman, who, astride of ,; an indulgent old horse, led
the division to the man who carried the tail of the dragon : it
was all essentially Chinese and sober, solid business. The only
laughs came from ; the ; crowds or from the grinning dragon,
and the only cheers from the people, but the greater part of
the noise came from the Chinese themselves. . Every squeaker
in surrounding Chinatown had been ¦ brought ' into play and
every leather-lunged Chinaman who could blow one was given
full _ liberty, and there . were others , who i walked behind wooden
drums and beat an ' incessant tattoo, that revealed «'a J small boy,
a lath and a picket fence. There were. men in. gorgeous robes
and yard-long beards; girls . with little feet, men with cymbals'
and -gongs, floats, and the dragon. ' ¦ •
The dragon ! was the greatest sight of all. It was • a good
three hundred feet. long, and 'the 'sturdy shbuldersof nearly a
hundred Chinese were needed to carry it; and that it was heavy
Staff Correspondent, of The Call.
Multitudes Crowd Streets of the ANGEL CITY and
Almost Block Passage of McKinley's
Carriage Along B road way.
Go v e no r and
C o mmittee
at Outs.
VETERANS AT THE NATIONAL SOLDIER'S HOME WEL
COME THE PRESIDENT AND LISTEN TO ELOQUENT
WORDS FROM HIS LIPS.
M'KINLEY DROPS OUT OF) FLORAL PARADE TO ENTER Rp^ HALL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BY W. F. BURKE
Continued on Second Pago.'i ¦ ' ¦ ¦ ¦- » • ¦ 'i ';¦:.. s..--- . -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. FRIDAY, MAY 10, 1901.
VETERANS GREET MCKINLEY AT SOLDIER'S HOME
Continued on Fifth Pagt,
If You Have Rheumatism
Bend no money, but wrlteDr.Shoop.Raeine.WU .
box 137. for six bottles of Dr. Shoop's Rheumatic
Cuve.exp.paid. If cured pay$5.50. If not.lt is free*
even for them was shown by the scores
of puffing-, perspiring relays, each man
fanning himself with a turkey wing, who
walked alongside resting for another trick
at the burden. The men were fantasti
cally dressed in pink and green,' and in a
loose pocket in the small of his back each
man working carried a fan. The head
hart been made even more hideous than
usual, for this was an unusually great
occasion, and before it pranced a tall
Chinaman with a long and much-decor
ated staff, with which he lured it on.
Dragon Men Give "Great Welcome.'*
The body of the dragon was made of
brilliant iridescent scales and Its tail was
spiked and wicked looking. Down the
etreet it squirmed, writhing and twisting
ITs great length until the head had passed
the President. Then it turned and fol
lowed its capering leader until It had
doubled back upon itself and faced the
President and then solemnly the uorrible
head bowed low three times and . the
dragon men gave the "great welcome,"
given only to the mightiest and bravest
chiefs.
Amid great applause McKinley returned
bow for bow and he laughed and applaud
ed with his hand upon the top ot his hat
and turned to the gentlemen around him
with every expression of amusement. It
was a novel sight, the hideous head nod
, ding and bobbing to the President while
he returned in kind, and It seemed to In
dicate that with us at least relations with
China arc not strained. -.'¦¦
Were there not a flower left m- l 3-«os An
geles it should surprise no one after the
parade to-day. They were there in every
shade of every hue and, aided, in their
picturesque beauty by the smiling faces
of the girls of Los Angeles and the deli
cate colors of the dresses and parasols,
they made a sight worth crossing a conti
nent to see. Carryalls loaded with girls
In white and blue, white and red, white
end yellow and gold; with girls all in red
and girls all in white and girls all In pink;
with blossoms brilliant as the sunshine
and pure as the snow; of rich purples and
flaming reds and yellows until it almost
hurt the eyes to look at them; with every
conceivable design and all in perfect
taste, it made a line that seemed all loo
short. ")
Pretty Features of Parade.
Many of the Ideas were new and pretty
and some delicately original. One auto
mobile decked in green foliage and red
blossoms passed noiselessly down the
street preceded by a float of white pigeons
with outstretched wings, which, attached
to a frame extending in front, seemed to
be drawing their captor on. A little girl
rode by on a tricycle fitted with two gor
geous butterfly wings which seemed ready
to take their rider and themselves high
over the housetops. Another little girl
sped down the street In a little trap drawn
by a self-satlsfled goat, which seemed to
enjov his distinction and to, appreciate
the bow the President gave to his dimin-
to the second car of the Presidential
train and handcuffed. He had a number
of pocketbooks and purses still filled with
the money . and valuables , they had con
tained before he transferred them to his
own possession, showing that he had
worked all alone and in a very great
hurry. -'
The pickpocket wore a dark Fedora cap,
but in his pocket neatly folded up was a
cap. The detectives who- came with the
Presidential party recognized their catch
as a crook who has been, following It and
who was frequently seen in other cities
on the route. He gave the name of John
Heinrich. The detectives who are with
the party are looking for another man
who has been seen along the road at many
places. They have a good description of
him and expect to capture him. .
PRIESTS HONOR .
MRS. McKINLEY
She Will Be Shown the
Sacred Garden of the
Santa Barbara Mission
SANTA BARBARA, May 9.— Santa Bar
bara Is ready to receive President .Mc-
Kinley to-morrow. The Presidential train
will arrive at 10:45 a. ' m. and be met at
State street, where the party will form in
order of rank in carriages.
The Sixth Division Naval Militia will act
as guard and Starr King Post, Grand
Army of the Republic, as escort to the
President. Charles E. Sherman will mar
shal the parade. -The eastern' half of
State street will be reserved free from all
vehicles and people for the drive to the
Arlington. Here a platform has been
erected, where Mayor C. A. Storkewill
deliver - an > address of welcome and the
President will respond.
I The Arlington parlors will then be
thrown open for a short public reception,
after which will come lunch. Only mem
bers of the President's party and the re
ception committee will lunch with the
President.- For this occasion the dining
room has been enrobed ¦ in the nation's
colors. . ':¦'' ¦ . ' ¦'.
Immediately after lunch carriages will
again be resumed for a drive about town,
including a trip to the old mission. Here
the . party will be received by the Rev.
Father Peter Walllschreck. dean • of St.
Anthony's College, and the Rev. a Father
Ludger, superior at the old mission. These
priests will act as guides'for the party
through the ancient building. ;¦.,-.¦ .
As a special favor accorded to the wife
of the President, Mrs; McKinley will be
shown about the ¦¦ sacred garden,- where
¦women are not allowed to enter. . Mrs. U.
S; Grant- and one or: two other, notables
son, A. W. Herwlg. H. C. LIchtenberger,
W. H. Holab!rd,,H. A. Elsen, John D.
Foster, F. T. Howland, W. F. Kennedy,
E. Gronendyke.
PRESIDENT CALLS
ON MRS. FREMONT
Widow of the GreatPath-
finder Honored With a
Visit From McKinley
LOS ANGELES. May 9.— This morning
before many people were stirring the
President was taken for a drive through
the city. The President had expressed a
wish to call on Mrs. Jessie Benton Fre
mont, the widow of General John C. Fre
mont, and the drive included a trip to her
home on West Twenty-eighth street. Mrs.
McKinley accompanied the President and
while Mr. McKinley was Inside talking
for a minute with .Mrs. Fremont her
daughter,, Miss E. B. Fremont, went-out
to the carriage where Mrs. McKinley was
waiting and chatted -with her. The visit
was but a short one. for time was press
ing, and it was not long before the Presi
dent and his wife were again on their way
through the streets of the residence por
tions of the city.
This evening the President and Ids wife
dined with Homer Laughlln and a few
friends. He left about 10 o'clock and drove
directly to his carat the Arcade station,
where -the remainder of the party soon
Joined him. , • .
To-night the city is reveling in the car
nival Spirit. The streets are blazing- with
light and re-echoing with the noise of
horns and bells and everything that , will
add to the general clamor. Bands ate
playing on all the principal corners and
in the great tribunes that once more are
crowded with people. Streets Are blocked
as well as sidewalks and' every one Is
joining the passing ranks that keep the
streets alive and moving. ......
At the' Arcade depot, where the Presi
dent's train is waiting on o sidetrack
until 6 o'clock, the hour for its departure
shall have arrived, the crowds are still
blocking the gateways and the people are
craning their necks, and flattening- their
faces against the gratings to look at
nothing, for they can only see lust the
rear end of the President's car behind the
train shed. He will leave at 6 o'clock and
there will be a good many up to see him
go, but the President himself will hardly
be visible. It ¦will be tooearly .after "tlie
days he has spent In Los Angeles.
utive driver. And the Fire DeDartment
was out in force with engines and hose
carts and trucks and harness outlined and
hidden under banks of flowers of every
description and color.
The Americus Club was out in full
strength and full uniform. Each man car
ried a flag. on a long staff and a garland
of crimson carnations and smllax hang
ing diagonally from his shoulder. There
were many beautiful floats dressed in
flowers and bright with laughing faces
and dainty dresses. And there was Dixie
Thompson, on his beautiful sorrel horse
with his gorgeous saddle and bridle stud
ded with sliver and with the hoofs of his
charger glistening In the sun, for they,
too, , had been elided. It was a great pa
rade and one long tp be remembered.
The prize winners of the parade are as
follows: /• ¦
Class A— Floral float: First, Sarah C. Ship
man, village of Troplco; second. H. C. Hop
kins, secretary of City Park Commissioners;
third, R. A. Lang. T. M. C. A.
Class B— Coach, tallyho or drag: First. Mrs.
F. Brownsberger; second, Los Angeles High
School; third, Mrs. J. Toney Connor. Los An
geles Camera Club.
Class C— Brake or drag: First, Chamber of
Commerce; second, "United Association. .
Class D— Victoria: First. H. G. Otis.
Class E— Carriage or trap: First. Miss Jes
sie H. Hartwell; second, H. J. Woollacott;
third, Mrs. W. W. Fariss.
Class F— Carriage, surrey, Stanhope or trap:
First. W. W. Hadley: second. Miss T. Grant
Gouchlr; third, Mrs. W. J. Thompson. .
Class H. buggy, runabout or phaeton— First,
Mrs. J. C. Tremble, second. Dolph L. Bassett;
third, Mrs. J. E. Doty.
Class K. automobiles, two-seat— First. E. H.
Crlppen; second, W. K. Cowan. .
Class L, automobiles. Stanhopes— First, Mrs.
M. F. Munroe; second, M. G. Miller.
Class M, automobiles, runabout— First. Miss
E. Herron; second. L. Pinton; 'third, J. H.
Martindale.
Class N. equestrian— First, J. C. Johnson;
second, W. Garland; third, Irving Knight;
fourth, E. A. Osborne; fifth. Ray Warner.
Class . O,' equestrienne— First Miss Bdith
Subhart; second. Pearl B. Jordan; third, Mrs.
E. Wilkinson.
Class P, miniature or children's vehicle-
First, H. G. Park; second, Mrs. W.. H. Con
nett. • .
Class Q, boy on pony or burro— First. George
Horgen; second, Lawrence Montgomery; third,
Allen Moore. • ¦ . , . -
Class S. best group of cyclists— First, Mrs.
Henry Hagumer; Fecond, George Bann; third,
Roy Williamson; fourth, Eugene Bassett.
Class V, tandem and others— First, Blucker
and Canneld; second, Fullerton and Wagner;
third. A. A. Bennett.
Class W, Fire Department— First, Hose No. 3,
Engine No. 5, Chemical No. 1; second. Truck
A, Hoce No. 4, Hose No. 1. Chemical No. 2;
third. Engine No. 11. Engine No. 9, Engine No.
2, Engine No. 1. ; ¦ .4. ,
The Judges who made the awards were:
W. A. O. Munsell, IClmer Wachtell," John
Jardine. S. S. Parsons, E. "A. Mutch, A
B. McCutchen. • William B. Wightman;
W. R. Hervey.-B. F. Coulter, William J
Vareil, A. M. Edelman. A. H. Koebig, f'
G. Schumacher. H. lO Hall, Thomas L
W.inder. J. C. , Bannister. , S. M. Hasklns
S. P. Hunt, Lrtuis Vetter, F. GJ Hender-
Upon the arrival of the distinguished
Feared That Great Crowd
"Will Overtax Resources
of the Local Department
- SAN JOSE, May 9.— Fifty thousand resi
dents of Santa Clara County will be in
San Jose on the afternoon of May 12 to
welcome President McKinley to the val
ley of flowers and sunshine. All the towns
will send their share of sightseers and
special trains from various parts of Cen
tral and Northern California will bring
in many thousands^from outside. It will
be the biggest festival that San Jose has
attempted and everything now points to
a pronounced success. . .
San Jose has asked for aid In the hand
ling of the 'great crowds and the criminal
element that comes with the crowds of
the police of San Francisco. Chief James
A." Kidward has written the Police Com
missioners of, San Francisco to spare a
detachment of from twenty to thirty men
during the time that President McKinley
is in this city. . Oakland has also been
asked for the loan of ten officers for the
two days.
Ground has been broken at the west en
trance ¦ of St." James Park for the frame
work of the enormous bouquet which the
women of San Jose will present President
McKinley.- The structure, which is being
erected under the supervision of Architect
William Binder, will be thirty feet in
height and ninety feet in circumference.
It is anchored to tb\ ground by a tele
graph pole which Is imbedded sixteen feet
in the earth.
¦ President McKinley will be ushered into
San Jose with as enthusiastic a greeting
as 50,000 residents of the county and vis
itors from away can give him. Flags will
wave from every part of .the city and the
floral , decorations .will transform . the
streets into arbors -of blossoms. A com
mittee composed of i Mayor C. J. Martin,
O. A. Hale and Alfred Holman will meet
the special train at Santa Cruz and pre
pare the President's; mind for the splen
dors.' .- '- ¦¦ . - \: ..- r >¦£
have been the only ladies ever within this
inner sanctuary of the Franciscan mon
astery since its foundation in 1878.
• The President's carriage Is a mass of
duchess roses banked upon a background
of green liveoak moss. The cushions are
covered ¦with pink 3 cambric and the
wheels are a solid mass of roses. Four
white horses will draw it.
SAN JOSE AFTER
OUTSIDE POLICE
The party will take the train at Victoria
street at 2 p. m. Victoria station- has been
decorated with flags. One section of the
street where *he President passes has
been set aside for school children, who
will throw thousands of cut flowers before
the carriages.
visitors at the depot in. San Jose the
Mayor will formally present the President
the keys of the city and extend its free
dom and hospitality to the guests. Direct
or General Greeninger will then become
master of ceremonies and the programme
as prepared will be carried out.
The final programme of the carnival of
roses as prepared by the entertainment
committee Is as follows:
Monday. May IS, S a. m.— Drive of Ohio, dele
gation through the valley.
2:30 p. m. — Arrival of President and party
Aedresa of welcome at the depot by Mayor
Martin. Director General Greeninger takes the
party In hand and carriages will convey them
to St. James Park. The President will b« es
corted by a delegation of Grand Army men
headed by a band. . ¦ .
8 p. m. — Presentation of mammoth bouquet
to the President by Mrs. E. O. Smith, assisted
by a number of young: ladles.
3:15 p. m.— President conducted to the review
ing stand, where he will address the people
3:30 p. m.— President and party will be taken
on a drive through the valley. "T™ 1 "
5:15 p. m.— Party driven to the Vendome Ho
tel, where the President will dine.
7:30 p. m.— Reception to Governor Nash and
staff at the Courthouse.
8:30 p. m.— Reception to the President and
Cabinet members at the Vendome
8 p. m.— Band concerts at St. James Park
and at the Hotel Vendome grounds.
8 p. m.— Fireworks at City Hall
Tuesday, May 14. 8:30 a. m.— signals on flr«
alarm for all floats to be In line preparatory
9 a. n.- Parade of floats. The procession will
mova from tl>« corner of Santa Clara and Mar
ket streets promptly at 9 o'clock.
9 a. m.— President driven to a position a*
the head of the parade, Upon reaching sV
James Park he will be escorted to thestand
from which he will review the procession
10:30 a. m.— President escorted to the depot.
2 p. m.— Band concert in St. James Park
7:30 p. m.— Illuminated . bicycle parade
8:30 p. m.-Wheelmen's ball at thVp&vtilon.
* 9 ibwd d coacert Roneo
47 5 '? £ »-»"« COn « rt *
2 p. m.— Band concert at St. James Park.
8 p. m.-Parade of Antlqne» and Horribles.
FOREST TREES TO LINE
SANTA CBTJZ SIDEWALKS
SANTA CRUZ*. May 9.-The committee
on decoration for President McKinley's
reception is- making-, great preparations
for thft decorative effect. •
Along the entire line -of march the citi
zens are to decorate their homes and
places of business. Along the edge of the
Sidewalks are to be placed rows of red
wood and nr trees to give a forestlike ef
fect. , . -j ...•-,
The Courthouse, In front of which the
President Is to -give his address, is to b«
elaborately decorated. While the Presi
dent is speaking he is to stand under a
floral umbrella. .
VETERANS WELCOME THE PRESIDENT
Continued From First Page.
By C. C. Carlton,
Special Correspondent of The Call.
LOS ANGELES, May 9.— -This
morning I talked with var
ious . members ¦ of the Presi
dent's party, including? Secre
tary Lonsr, Postmaster Gen
eral Smith, Secretary Cortel
yon and Admiral Melville.
Each of them" expressed a de
sire to visit Vallejo and Mare
Island Navy Yard, . but with
out asserting 1 any knowledge
of the President's wishes in
the matter.
• - It seemed to be taken for
granted, i however, that the
President "would make the
visit, as the people seemed
anxious to have him, and as
the entertainment committee
of San Francisco has now In
cluded Mare Island in the
itinerary. As far as I could as
certain there -was but one dis
senting 1 voice. Henry T.
Scott for some reason strong
ly opposes; the plan.
* "Will the President visit
Mare Inland T" I asked.
. "No," replied he, promptly
and positively "There is
nothing: to be seen over there,
nothlnsr that Is worth the
time. His time while in San
Francisco will be all taken
up in viewing? other sights!"
A sensational • and I nnverl
fled report . was started here
that a strike was on at the
Union' Iron Worlcs. Mr. Scott
was . allied concerning It.
"I do not believe it," said
be, "but -whether true or not
the Ohio Trill be launched at
the appointed time." . :.
HENRY T. SCOTT
ALONE OPPOSES
TRIP TO VALLEJO
Continued From First Page.
PRESIDENT LEADS THE FLORAL PARADE
THE PRESIDENT LEAVING THE ARCADE DEPOT UPON HIS ARRIVAL AT LOS ANGELES.
2DESTROYED WALL PAPER. — Edward
O'Hanrahan, 118*4 EUl* street, secured a war
rant from Judpe Mogan yesterday for the ar
rest of F". 3. MaFters on the charge of mali
cious mischief. lie accuses Masters of «,-;oing
away from the house without paying hirf 1 rent,
taking the key of his room with him and tear-
Izx the paper off the walls of his room.
The Grass Valley mining case proceeded
merrily yesterday in the United States
Circuit Court before Judge Morrow. W.
F. Englebright, surveyor; Bennett Opie
and Joseph .Bartel were the onlv wit
nesses They began at the apex of the
gold-bearing ledge within the surface
boundaries, of the Pennsylvania Consoli
dated mine and described Its various dips,
spurs and angles in its efforts to get away
from its owners and butt up against the
shaft of the Work Your Own Diggings
Quartz Mining Company to. pour the
Pennsylvania Company's gold - I'lto the
hoppers of. the Grass Valley Exploration
Company. The trial will be resumed on
May 23 at 10 a. m.
Grass Valley Mining Case.
In this event Mrs. Louisa M. Muirhead,
sole devisee under the will of the late
Charles Walter Willey, will come into
possession of decedent's interest In the
estate of his father, Amassa P.' Willey,
which Is valued at about $80,000.. Mrs.
Muirhead has carried on litigation over
this estate for three years.
Mrs. Muirhead befriended young Willey
when he had no other friends left. Con
sequently when he won a judgment
against his father's estate he forthwith
rr.ade her his beneficiary. The decision
of the Supreme Court of yesterday now
opens the door for her to receive that
reward which young Willey willed she
should have in return for her kindness
to him when he was in need of a friend.
A judgment was handed down yesterday
by the Supreme Court declaring the deed
of trust executed by the late Amassa P.
Willey null and void. The decision was
reached in the case instituted by E. W.
Carpenter et al, trustees, against E. V. S.
Cooks, in which the plaintiffs sought to
quiet title against the defendant to cer
tain real estate.
Plaintiffs claimed a legal title to the
estate as trustees— first under the deed of
trust just declared invalid, and, secondly,
as trustees under the will of Amassa P.
Willey, by the terms- of which he devised
to them ¦ the property In question upon
the trusts declared in the deed of trust,
which 'was executed prior to the will.
By its judgment the Superior Court
decreed that the trusts created by the
d<*« •! of trust were void and that conse
quently under this instrument the trus
tees had no title. The Supreme Court
hel.-l yesterday that the trial court was
correct as to its ruling regarding the
trust. The court, however, did not pass
u»on the validity of the trust established
in the will, holding that the matter as to
whether or not the trustees had title by
virtue of the will was a question to be
first resolved by the court in which ad
ministration of the Willey estate was
P< The n k>"wer court will now be # called upon
to again pass upon decedent s will. in
his argument before the Supreme Court
in Aulust of 1S98 ex-Judge Charles W.
Slack presented his points against the
Willey deed of trust. After disposing of
a primary trust, established in the deed
of trust, Judge Slack attacked the trust
esiRblished by the deceased for the care
of his grave. The fact that this trust was
not for a charity and in direct terms a
perpetuity rendered the same invalid,
counsel held. - ' .
A perpetual trust for other than a char
ity has been declared invalid, and, casting
aiide the objection to the primary trust,
it was contended that Willey's effort to
keep his grave forever green defeated the
whole scheme of his deed of trust. These
contentions have been sustained by the
Supreme Court, and as the provisions of
the will are almost identical with the pro*
visions of the deed of trust, counsel are
confident that the trust established in the
will will also fall.
Supreme Court Declares
Deed Fails in Its
Purpose.
HOLDS WILEY
TRUST INVALID
Mrs. : Margaret L.' Gowdey, sister of the
old man and the complaining witness in
the" case, testified to coming here on No
vember 12. ; She saw" her brother next day
in the Jacques home, on Lombard street
She had no opportunity of seeing him
alone till January 14, as one or other of
the Jacques family was -always present
She last saw him 1 on February 26 and af
ter that she did not see any members of
the Jacques family, as they had left the
city. January 9 she showed her brother a
photograph. of his sister, Mrs. Lally, but
he did not recognize ;. her and said' she
must be a French woman. He ¦ would
talk of people, he : knew when he » was
young, but' spoke of "those he knew in
later years as : i f : they - were living, when
In fact, they were dead. She thought her
brother was not of sound .mind Mrs
Gowdey was being subjected to 'a severe
cross-examination -by .Attorney -Knight
when the Judge intimated it was time to
adjourn.'. t
Attorney. Cannon asked. In view of the
developments, that ;the bail .of 'the de
fendants should be materially increased
but, after argument, the Judge declined
to dq so. The case was then- continued till
Monday afternoon. : . . ¦ , ¦ •¦
O'Hare "Was Closely Guarded.
A. L. Gutterson, bookkeeper at the San
Francisco Savings Union, produced books
and receipts showing that on December
22 last O'Hare had closed his account at
the bank and had transferred the amount
of $45,254 42 to his credit to Thomas G.
Jacques and an account was 1 opened in
Jacques' name, with that amount to his
credit. Jacques closed his account on
April 15 by withdrawing the amount.
A. M. Whittle, paying teller at the bank '
Identified the receipts and the signatures
of O'Hare and Jacques. He had known
O'Hare for fifteen years and had always
found him competent to transact busi
ness. He opened his account with the
bank in 1S77 and had not drawn any
money out till November, last year, when
he drew out $50 and two other small sums
up to December 22, when the transfer
was made to Jacques. During the occa
sions on which the old man drew out the
money he noticed nothing unusual in his
manner. The only thing was that the old
man was getting older.
Thomas G. Jacques Jr. was recalled and
testified as to what happened prior to
taking the old man to Oakland on. April
12 and'up to his departure with him the
following evening for Cheyenne, Wyo. '
Big Sum. Transferred.
The first witness called yesterday after
noon was F. W. Russell, paying teller in
the London and Lancashire Bank. He
testified that he paid a check payable to
old man O'Hare for $5000. on February 25
last. The old man was accompanied by
young Jacques and an older gentleman who
is admitted to have been Jacques senior.
He recognized the indorsement on the
back of the check as that of the old man,
who had been cashing checks at the bank
for the past two years. .
There was a sensational development in
the case of Thomas G, Jacques and his
wife Caroline E. Jacques, charged with
kidnaping old Joseph O'Hare, in Judge
Cabaniss' court yesterday afternoon by_
the discovery that O'Hare had trans
ferred, on December 22 last, $45,254 42,
which he had on deposit in the San Fran;
cisco Savings Union, to Thomas G. Jac
ques. It was thought that the only money
the old man had on deposit in banks was
about $18,000 in the German and Hibernia
banks, which the defendants and their
son are accused of stealing, and the dis
closure of the fact of the large amount
in the other bank was a revelation to the
relatives of the ol* man and their attor
neys. ' Every one is wondering If any
more money on deposit will be discov
ered.
Transfers $45;254 42 to
Thomas G. Jacques
in December.
O'HARE GIVES
UP A BIG SUM
Through an error in the Information
given out by members of the Health De
partment, the account published yester
day morning stated that the school at
this location was called the James Lick
School. .; . -I • ¦ . . ¦.!¦•¦«.
The parents of many of the children at
tending the school are much alarmed and
after making a personal investigation of
the premises have declined to allow their
children to return until the danger is
past. Others are still in doubt as to what
course they shall pursue. Dr. Seymour
Bays that both cases are progressing well
at present, and he does not apprehend
eerious results.
Director Mark of the Board of Educa
tion says no action with a view to clos
ing the school can be taken until a re
commendation to that effect comes from
the Board cf Health.
The entrances to the school room's and
the grocery are separate, but the children
play all about the building, including that
portion of it where the patient is con
fined. Dr. Keenan admitted that theie
was possibility cf contagion on account
of the proximity of the respective rooms
and the number of children, but said he
did not feel warranted in making such a
report to the board as would necessitate
the closing of the school.
Dr. Seymour takes a similar position as
regards the possibility of contagion and
Bays the Sheehan boy may have caught
the fever from a child living next door,
whose Illness bears some resemblance to
scarlet fever symptoms. However, it is
quite possible, he pays, that the disease
may have been contracted from Twelt
man - \^ i. .
There are two entrances to the school,
one on Twenty-sixth street and one on
Castro street. The quarantine card is on
th« Twenty-sixth-street side and that en
trance is now closed. The grocery and
the other school entrance front on Castro
street and there is no sign there to mark
the presence of contagious disease. The
store is being run by the son of the sick
man.
Dr. James Seymour, who is attending
the cases of both Tweitman and the Shee-
Jian boy, informed Miss Agnes G. Regan,
principal of the school, on Wednesday
morning that a case of scarlet fever ex
isted in the lower portion of the build
ing in which the school is located. Miss
Regan at once notified the Board of
Health, which had been informed of the
presence of the disease, but was not
aware that there was a school in the
same building. Yesterday morning Dr.
Keenan of the Board of Health went out
ajid made an investigation. He said that,
in his opinion, there was little danger of
a spread of the disease if proper care
were taken.
Little Johnny Ebeehan, a pupil in the
?foe Valley Primary School, which is lo
cated directly over the rooms of Grocer
Nicholas Tweitman, who is ill with scar
let fever, as published in The Call yester
day morning, has been stricken with the
dread disease and is confined to his home
at 145S Church street. The Board of
Health declines to admit that the 130
children attending the school are in any
danger from the contagious disease and
the Eoard of Education declines to close
the school on its own responsibility. The
parents of about fifty of the children,
warned by the published account of the
matter, refused to allow them to attend
school yesterday and, although the usual
«xercises were carried oh, some of the
classes " were much depleted.
Disease.
Noe Valley School Boy-
Is Stricken With
tribe chief who went to the spirit land at
the close of the seventeenth century, after
having attained a gTeat age. He was one
of the chiefs with whom William Penn
treated. He was famous for his wonder
ful exploits as warrior and hunter, and
what fce did was tbld at every council flre
PUPILS EXPOSED
TO CONTAGION
dance In Native Sons' Hall to-morrow
night. r
The "Improved Order of Red Men has se
lected Tammany as its patron, and yearly
honors his memory. He was the Delaware
of hli race. Htstory has it that he fought
and triumphed over the evil spirit and
made his people happy. * His decisions
•were wise and just and he was called the
"savior of his people." Heckwilder, the
Moravian missionary, wrote of him: He
was in the highest degree endowed with
wisdom, virtue, prudence, charity, meek
ness, affability, hospitality— In short, with
every good and noble qualification that a
human being may possess." Asa remarK
able leader and patriotic aboriginal Amer
ican he -was immortalized by the patriots
President, P. S. Seymour; vice president,
Emil Leatreto; secretary, J. H. Hutaff. ana
treasurer, Henry A. Chase, llanzanlta Tribe
Xo. 4. Henry A. Chase; Mlantonomah No. 9,
O. Cutler; Pohonachee, No. 10, A. Jones; Po
cahontas No. 11, T. M. Searey; Sotoyome No.
12, F. Petersen; Pemtnole No. 54, J. Arees;
Modoc Xo. 57. E. H. Culver; Winnemucca No.
61. A. Dawson; Tecumseh No. 62, C. A. Kais
hin; Osceola. No. 71. /P. S. Seymour; JVhlte
Eagle No. 72. L. J. Fqttro; Bald EaRle No. <o.
H C. Wehr: Arapahoe No. 78. L. Granwall;
Montezuma No. 77. G. S. Graham: Oshonee
No. 78. M. Bloom: C.pmanche No. <9/ w. F.
Kruger: Ahwshnee No. 86. F. Mas-on; Altah
mos No. S7, J. H. Hutaff; Awashte No. 89,
F D. Ritchie; Monadnock No. 100, : W. C.
Rowley; Yosemlte No. 103, E. Lastreto; Seneca
No. 104_ C. de Cleer; Blazing Arrow No. 107,
J 'PocahontaV Council No. 3. Mrs. S. Gutstadt:
Alfaretta No. 10, J. G. Smith: Matoaka. No.
18 Miss K. Cunningham; YosemiteNo. 19. H.
H. Cole; Kaweah No. 24, Mrs. M. Seaberc;
Potomac No. 26. E. L. Beal:, Onelda No. 27.
Miss C. Johnson; Ramona No. 28, Miss II.
Baun. . •.. - •-.-•<•.-
of '76. The Improved Order of Red Men
has written his name on its calendar, and
on the 12th of the Flower Moon each tribe
•which, during the preceding year, has had
Tammany's virtues and good- qualities ex
tolled sits around the council fire to sing
his praise. The committee of arrange
ments is composed of . the following
named:
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALTj, FRIDAY, MAY 10, 1901.
Members of San Francisco Red Men's Lodges and Those of .Other
Bay Cities Will Elaborately Celebrate His Day.
VIRTUES OF CHIEF TAMMANY
HELD EVER IN REMEMBRANCE
fi-ri-^HE local tribes of the Improved
I Order of Red Men, the local coun-
I dls of the Degree of Pocahontas
Ji and those of Oakland. Alameda.
Fruitvala and Elmhurst will cele
brate Tammany day by an elaborate lit
erary and musical , entertainment and
RED MEN. WHO ARE PROMINENT
IN ARRANGEMENTS OF TAM
MANY DAY CELEBRATION. .
3
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Russian Blouse and Cossack Suits
Next week the boy will want to be
<_&s •^ s *'^2s5i_aTOLr" """ m a^ means tl ie Russian Blouse and .--irftK^llMl^W.
y^Sj^^W/?J^ \__L Cossack suits here pictured are the most <f?S|WMiJ i MlHvte\
fcA i^^^-^ ch VJwffiHk fflSw fetching and chic suits for boys this season. iflfJlHl V/Aft! i] W^K
%MjJS The > r embody style, neatness and comfort. Jff ||| |fc§| | t |pk
iwNr\j!k: M '' " There are so many, different styles of trim- ' W^
WwMm^kM\ : '" min g s that it is almost impossible to men-
' tS 'fill H illl Iffir fmd something that will be just what you M\m '/ !' \'v\ \W
;-¦ iMHliiM 'want. Some of the belts are of white, black ffl|| jlj l|| j | \{\
several patterns and colors, 256 each. • ;
The Russian Blouse. •' Boys' belts in various colors, 25c each. The c os*?axk Suit.
are always interesting to -V-*/ / ':^^-}\r^. *^^^_K -jLy in. clothing, furnishings,
moneys aving mothers. ¦ * . hats.
•j : ..'; •; '•" ;•'..¦¦' \^:r' r . l: : ¦ TI8 Market Street. — ,. —
L^' jf Seven fifty is the selling price of these coats, but
vfe* Jr not the value. They are worth $icudo, as we mad?
J ' r^^^ them U P t0 sel1 * or t^ a '~~ :iriac5e U P a S reat nianvtco —
\ enough ' to more than supply our regular trade this
IWW i Ifflm We lh0 ' J § ht jt wel1 10 redl]ce lhe coats t0 $75 °
£ 1 I K' )! illl I ill\ t0 serve ' as extra, values in. bringing new customers to
A^^ ©JKxj^raJlfi 1 H ' I ii i III' thestore * Inhere a better way with which to get
¦^S>- '^^^t^-^^^AM I I if 111 1 111 IS llr \n P eo P le acquainted with, us ? The weather is most
I Si livlflli I il avorabl e for box overcoats, which, together with the
' "" :v I ' '' \\ 1 '•' I Illl II Iow price ' P ract "' caI1 y ma1l<es y° ur buying a certainty
ra^'iVpl^™^^ li' ! il illi/fl If They are made from good quality all-wool ccv-
Imi S-te| fP&l Ml ( Mi I 1 I fl'IW Pi illSf erts in lhree shad es — tan, olive and trown. They
l« L® PU <1 !ri ' ¦ 11 '1 ill I IIF are gooc i enou S l1 for the sweI! dressers and !ow
P W iH flir I I i/if'HIf priced 'enough for the careful dresser?. They are
IH ||H B i 1 S •• I^illiw ' un * on ma de, guaranteed and * desirable from every
IS^ v^v r^) ; ! I'^Kil 'vi ' I ' \l \ VV ! 1 S I m T3 Tl^B ¦ II H 5*3 on J*
\%\D 'L~*il ij^vA I t-?*j 1\ ' i i ,i I 'il ¦ . J ¦ M I fl fl fi i (jf M M^ M
o$ IP"] luii^^p^*! ¦¦i.i.i -csrcrrtf 5?5a \ All of our ready-to-wear clothing is union made.
U W I! iM ii|if Illl 1 1 It is made in our own sanitary workshops by union
¦ ¦' " [£ © ||fl \§\ W^S liiiii \ men — '^ e b est workmen that ever touched a needle
fe f$ Eft \y>i\ ¦ mSW$ f|lf \\ or pressing iron. They work with a purpose — to
M % M fll\ 111 Oil ffW I -produce good, substantial, lasting work that must
kd (of |^te§\- ill! jlf \ filfl \1 meet with the approval of their union. They demand
Jn IM fel\ iNf^' ¦fill Iff \ § ood wa § ss because they do good work. But our
J$? Mw l^i IS II i II 1 prices for clothing are not high tecause we sell at one
sfd&T&^M^ JPSIJ^ II I ! P ill \ profit, direct from maker to wearer. A middleman's
Ml ' 1 profits will pay the additional amount in the wages of
' ' f^^S Mi u The difference between our store and the usual-
jlW^^^iSpli i?^^Wik \\ re ail clothier is this : Here you get a better quality
• ' \\ of clothes for the same money or the same quality
for less money.
II I Men's trousers
Ever notice how a new pa : r of pants w.ll tone up a suit and make it quite presentable ? Here's a chance
to experiment. We have taken a lot of heavy worsted trousers that have just arrived and put them m for less
-than i hey were rrfad'e to sell for. They come in good patterns of stripes and checks, are union made and quite
good for wear with a dark coat or vest. They are worth $ij.6o. Sale price
~~ ¦"" "^g a W 4 Oioi-of -town orders filled
Send in your, nmivi . v \wl Jjk s /^^^ J^^x i^ 3^ /^%^^k for any thing in men's or
is now being printed. . .. ; y &**&' S . to< . <P jy*^ partment.
* i ¦¦ ' ' *— ""^^^^~
718 Market Street.SAN MATEO COUNTY HUNT HOUNDS WHICH WILL. BE ESPECIALLY EXHIBITED TO-DAY AT MECHANICS' PA
VILION. THE ILLUSTRATION SHOWS W. S. HOBAkT, ON HIS GRAY HORSE ROYALTY, ON THE EXTREME
LEFT; F. J. CAROLAN, M. D. H.; J. J. MOORE, JOHN PARSONS AND J. FITZPATRICK. WHIPPER-IN.
JUDGES OF BLUE-BLOODED DOGS WORK HARD AND MAKE
MANY AWARDS OF PRIZE RIBBONS AT THE BENCH SHOW
SECOND DAY OF THE DOG SHOW---RACING AND BASEBALL EAST AND WEST
THE. SAJN T FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 10, 1901.
''Probable Winners.-
First race —Raeetto, Asian, Decoy.
Second race—Prestene, B. C. Greene, Jacque
minot.
Third race—Master Cal, Byron Rose, Mamie
Hildreth.
Fourth race —Torsina, Ralston,. Princess Ti
tania.
Fifth race —Sly. Meehanus, Hagerdon.
Sixth race—Rio Shannon, Wardman, Jim Mc-
Cleevy:
Sixth race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; eellin<r.
2420 Bathos 110] 2415 Jim McCleevy 112
<23Sl)\Vardman 100 1420 Cougar 100
2C0 Rio Shannon... .1101
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; handicap.
2414 Sly 113' 2343 Dolly 'U'eithoSf. 98
2414 Haperdon 108 <2425)Meehanus 105
2414 B. Ormonde 108' <240S)Doublet ...'. 108
Fourth race — Six furlongs; three-year-olds
end upvard; selling.
2S5 Flamero 106 2379 Duckoy 104
2402 Ralston 106 2413 High Hoe 104
£-96 Clarando 104 2398 Alzura 90
24f>2 Tiburon 106 2398 Pr. Titania 30
2413 Mocorito 104 237S Jerid 109
2183 Torsina 104 2396 Vantlne 102
Third race— One mile and a sixteenth; three
year-olds; 6ellinB
22S4 Bjron Rose 105| 2379 Compass 1C2
2410 Carlovlnglan ..104! 2404 Illilouon 109
<24ir)Mas*er Cal 1131 2269 Billy tyons 109
23SS M'mie Hildr'th.^l 2404 Phil Archibald.112
finishes. Again at Oakland yesterday in
the mile and seventy yard selling num
ber that closed the afternoon's sport ho
figured in a terrific drive that brought the
crowd In the stand to Its feet. E. Mat
thews; his rider, just nipping the decis
ion In a three neck contest with Goldone
and Gauntlet. There were but nve start
ers altogether, and beyond cavil Goldone,
ridden by Bassin^er. carried the heaviest
commission, although Horton closed at
about the same figure. Bassinger ajid
Goldonp had orders to go out in front,
but was unable to shake off Ransch. as
tride Gauntlet. Indeed, a furlong from
the stand, with Hcrton apparently too far
back to cause n-purehension. Gauntlet, a
head in front, looked the winner. Then
Horton spurted and the rooters for the
red horse opened their chorus. At the
paddock h<> had caug-ht the leaders and
with Gcildone en the inside and Gauntlet
bumping. Horton was first by a neck,
while Gauntlet, which seemed to have fared
worst by the jostling, lest the olace by
the same distance. The time. 1:45, was
¦within a quarter of a second of the coast
record.
As on the preceding day, form was well
demonstrated, favorites in four instances
capturing purses. The track was fast and
the racing-, far above the ordinars\ at
tracted another large crowd.
One of the unexpected defeats was that
of Jarretierre d'Or by Rory Ough in the
five furlong dash for two-year-olds. The
former youngster held a commanding
place in the betting and was beaten in
ragtime fashion by Rory, which won eas
ing up almost in 1:01 flat. The previous
time out the winner, with Bergen up, had
a most tempestuous voyage. He was
played down in the betting from 5 to 2 to
9 to 5.
Ruiz begran operations by landing the
opening six furlong sprint with Catherine
Bravo, an 8 to 1 chance. The filly led
throughout, winning easily from Matilda
O and Merida. The favorite, Aphrodis,
ran a poor race.
Atkln & Lottridge's Parader. while not
possessing any marked amount of class,
had shown a tendency to go a route. The
big lumbering gelding was introduced to
some moderate company in the mile run
following and, a 2 to 1 favorite, rumbled
home first. Out of it at the start. Ruiz,
who rode him, skirted round the field,
beating in Formatus a length. Conley, on
the latter, succeeded in "scrambling the
egjers" or he would have scored.
Bookmaker Caesar Young's sprinter,
Meehanus, struck a soft spot in the fourth
number, over six furloncs. One to 2 was
the best price obtainable and the chest
nut horse won tossing the bit away. Gib
raltar, sour and peevish as usual, did
g*>t the place from Rinaldo.
Backed from threes to 9 to 5 favoritism.
Alee was never headed In the seven fur
long selling event. At the end Pat Morris
sey got up under punishment in time to
lose out by a. half length only. Mike
Strauss ran third.
To-Dav's Entries.
First race — Six furlongs ; three- year-olds and
upward; eelliingr.
<2374>Decoy 104f 2050 Almoner 106
218? Raeetto 104 (23T€)Un Carfeau 104
23?d Eirdie Stcne.... 9" 235S Gold Finder.... 104
2CSS T.:>*Albert 1"6 23S1 Darlene 90
S12S Mike Rice 106 2.TS3 Alas 102
241S Kinstein 106 2236 Asian -.107
KM The Miller 106
Second race — Four furlongs, maiden two-year
el<if=; celling.
2CS7 Resin 1131 23S3 Tibs 110
2417 Yellowstone ...113 2375 B. C. Greene.. .113
23S7 Ouadra 110j 23S2 Jacqueminot ...110
2417 Prestene 110 ¦ 2375 Priam 110
2412 Knocking* 110 2393 Hon. P. Sterl'rll3
2412 Botany 110 1 22S5 Flattered 110
The name of Horton, the little red horse,
is rapidly becoming synonymous for close
In a Fierce Drive He
Beats Gauntlet and
Goldone.
?
BY F. E. MUXHOLLAND.
NORTON FIGURES
IN A CLOSE RACE
HOLLAND HITS
NOISY SOLDIER
Commotion at Baseball
Game in Ninth
Inning.
Oakland I, San Francisco 0.
"War, fistic war and the noise of voices
fell upon Recreation Grounds yesterday
afternoon toward the close of a fast and
congested' baseball game. In the ninth
Inning a lone soldier sitting on the south
ern bleachers Indulged In much profanity
and blasphemy, all of which was directed
against the head of Left Fielder Holland
of the local team. Holland had dropped
a couple of easy ones out in his own gar
den and this angered the defender of bis
nation to mouth insults. "When the sol
dier wound up his Vcuss" invective with
a charge that Holland was throwing: the
game the latter jumped the fence and
thumped Uncle Sam's vociferating fa
natic Into 6llence.
This incident stopped th© game for a
time. "While this storm scene of action
was in process on the south bleachers.
Orlando Stevens of Oakland, a sometime
actor, placed comfortably in the beer
cage, arose and with tragic voice suffused
with foamy passion gave out to too crowd
the following: "You're the dirtiest crowd
of players that I ever seen coma over
the pike." A local fanatic nearby strip
ped to his shirt and would have cham
pioned the local cause, but luckily all fur
ther warring was ended by the interfer
ence of the crowd. " ' ¦""' ¦*-*
The game was a pitchers battle. Oak
land's only run being made on account
of Holland's error. Iburg pitched re
markable ball, allowing but -three nits.
The score:
SXU FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. X B.
Hlldebrand, a f~... * 0 2 0 1 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 3 0 10 0 8 0
Krug b. s 4 0 10 5 6 0
Holland. L-f.. 4 0 10 1 0 3
Pabst, lb 4 0 0 1 14 0 1
Graham, c 3 0 0 0 1 1 0
Nordyke. r. f 3 0 0 0 1 0 0
J. Reilly. 3b 3 0 1 0 1 12
Iburg. p 3 0 O 0 0-8 0
Totals a 0 S 1 24 15 3
OAKLAND. -
AB. R. BH. SB. POL A. E.
Drennan. c t 4 ° £ 2 5 2 2
Streib. lb.. 4 0 0 0 7 0 0
Mosklman. r. f 3 0 0 0 5 10
Arrellanes. 2b J 0 1 0 3 2 0
Dunleavy. 1. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Francks. s. s S 0 0 0 3 3 1
Moore. Sb 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Lohman, c - 3 0 1 0 5 1 0
Babbitt, p 8 11.11*0
Total*....: 29 13 1 27 /» .1
RUNS ANI> HITS BY nrNXNG3.
San Francisco 00000000 0—0
Base hits 0020 0. 201 1— «
Oakland 00000100 •— 1
- Base hits..... 0001010-1 •— 3
SUMMARY.
Two-base hits— Arrellanes. Krng. Sacrifice
hit— Schwartz. First base on errors— San Fran
cisco L Oakland 3. Left on bases— San Francisco
4 Oakland 3. Struck out— By Iburg 1. by Bab
bitt 4. Time of game— 1:30-.- Umpire— Donohue. -
Official scorer— McFarlln.
WIN 1 HTTHE ELEVENTH.
Senators Defeat Orangemen, in a Clos<j
and Protracted Game.
LOS ANGELES.
LOS ANGELES. May 9.— It took Sacra
mento eleven Innings to-d|ty to beat Los
Angeles. The score was 4 to 3. Sacra
mento rot a lead of three runs In the
sixth Inning and Los Angeles, by hard
batting, tied the score In the eighth. , In
the eleventh- Sacramento batted out th»
winning run. Score:
Totals 39 3 7 2 »31 13 0
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Brockhcft. r. t 3 100 1 00
Kelly, ss 5 0 10 2 4"-'»-
Hutchinson, lb...... 5 1 0 0 13 0 0
Householder, c.f...5 0 1 0 2 *j'O
Spies, c 4 12 2 6 3 0
Reilly. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 10
Briseno. 2b 4 0 10 6 4 0
Bowman. L f 4 0 10 10 0
Jones, p 5 0 1 0 0 0' 0
"One out when winning- run was scored. . ¦-
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McGucken. e. f..... 5 0 2 0 5 0 0
Devereaux. ss. 5 1 2 0 S 2 0
Courtney, 3b .., 5X40250
McLaughlln, 1. t .... 5 0 1 1 10 1
Hanlon. lb 4 0 0 0 12 a 0
Doyle, r.,f 5 2 4 110 0
Stanley, c 3 0 10 5 10
Sheehan. 2b ........ 5 0 3 0 1 1 1
Stricklett. p, 4 0 1 0 0 S 0
Totals 41 4 17 3 33 IS *
RUNS AND HITS BT ETNETGS.-. r_-f. ';
SUMMARY.
Los Angeles 0 0000130000—3
Base hits 0 0001121110—7
Sacramento 0 0 000300001—4
Base hits. a 11314111 12— 17
Earned runs — Sacramento 4. Two-base hits-
Bowman, Devereaux. Courtney, Dqyle. Sacri
fice hits— Kelly, Hanlon. Stanley. First basa
on errors— Los Angeles 1. First base on called
ball*— Los Ansreles 9: Sacramento 2. Left on
bases— Los Angeles 13; Sacramento 8. Struck
out— By Jonea 4: by Stricklett 5. Double play-
Kelly to Hutchinson. Time of game— Z hours
and 25 minutes. Umpire — J. O* Council. Scorer
— C ashman. s
ENTE.IES FOR CENTUST
BELAY ABB COMPLETED
The entries for the annual century relay
race which will be run on Sifnday from
San Francisco to Alameda by way of San -
Joso are completed. They are as follows:
First relay— F. P. Marisch. B. C. "W.; W IX
Egenhoff. O. C. W.; A. MacDonald. G. C W :
C. L. Braun. C C. C; G. A. Wjrman, R. C R.
Second relay— F. Bollo, B. C. W/f C/ Lonjr
O..CW.; Tony Delmas, G. C. W.; A. Cart*
C.-C C; A, Kuon. R. C. "W. . *
Third relay— H. C Fowler. B. C. W.t J. P
Simmons. O. C. .W. ; I Ed Barnes. G C W t J
Holle. C. a C-r a DornuT^Tc W !
; Fourth 1 relay-A.- Davidson. B. C. W • Wil
liam Pedler. O.>C. W.; C. Limbergr. O. 6. W r
H. A.-Barmseir; C. C. a; R. WlHlamaon.
Fifth relay— H.-D. Bean, B. C. W.; G M>
Kinney. -O.C. W.; John Wing. G. a W.s O
Eeyfried. C.C. C: W. Lane. R. C. R,
Sixth relay— T. Murray, B. C. W.; J. E. Bol.
ger, O. ,C. W.; Burton Downing 1 . O. C W t
R. Telchner. C. a C; H. L. Nussom,
Seventh relay— F. J. Gllman. B. C. W t N
A. Barree, O. C. "W. ; Carl Marty, G. C "W i
A.'Barmsell, C. C. C; R. W. Emarr R, c r
Eighth relay-C. A. Russac. B. C. W • j
Ephrtdm. O. C. W.; H. Lane. G. C, W.'-'\7.
Rombach. C. C. C, : W. Lucio. R. W. R. '
Ninth relay— F. G. West. B. C. W.; J Hob
son. O. C. \V.; Ed Nastfe. G. C W. : B. Warl
run. C. C. a; A. T. Smith, R, W. R.
Tenth relay— W. J Davidson, B C. W.« EJ
Russ, O. C. W.j Lace Downing. G C. W • W
Pipher, C. C. C; A. C. Bannister. R. W."r. '
THE second day of the dog show
was productive of just as much
unconcerted barking as the first,
but the judges fell to their work
in earnest and when the day was
dpne Etrings of blue ribbons had been
awarded to the lucky ones. The attend
ance is increasing steadlly'and every hour
is making the show more popular with the
fanciers and the general public. In the
evening a trick dog competition was the
feature, and this event was won by
Charles Neuman's mastiff Lion, put
through the evolutions by Joe Kerr.
The awards were as follows:
Yorkshire terriers— Open, dogs and bitches:
First. Mrs. J. F. Burrell's Prince Tiny; absent,
Miss G. S. Thomas' Endcllffe Mayor.
THE CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
Bull terriers— Puppy, dogs:- First, Richard"
H. Rountree's Newmarket Duke. Novice, dogs
—First, E. Attridge's Teddy ; second, Miss
Beatrice E. Russell's Jerry R; third,- Miss H.
Vleller's Bloomsbury Tip; reserve, T. F. Bon
net's Woodbury Prince; V. H. C, R. H. Skim
ming's Bloomsbury Boy; V. H. C, W. Popple
well's Venture. Limit, dogs, thirty-five pounds
or undei^-First, J. D. Spreckels Jr.'s Banjo;
second O. O. Heydenfeldt's Bay view Brigadier.
Limit, dogs, over thirty-nve pounds— First,
Miss B. E. Russell's Jerry R; second. C. E.
Worden's Jones' Venom; third, A. Joseph's
Bloomsbury Baron; reserve, A. Roncovleri's
Woodcote Duke; »V. H. C. J. H. Mohrig's
Rudyard; absent, J.- F. Emenwein's Edgewood
Gold Dollar. S. Christensen's Woodcote Venom
II. Open, dogs, thirty-five pounds or under-
First, J. D. Spreckels Jr.'s Banjo; second. Miss
H. Vieller's Bloomsbury Tip; third, O. O. Hey
denfeldt's Bay view Brigadier. Winners, dogs-
First O. O. Heydenfeldt's Woodcote Wonder;
reserve, J. D. Spreckels Jr.'s Banjo. Puppy,
bitches — First, A. Joseph's Imp; second. J. L
Sparrow's Edge-wood Joan II. Novice, bitches
—First, O. O. Heydenfeldt's Dot; second, A.
Joseph's Imp: third, C. Stelnbach's Bloomsbury
Queen. Limit, bitches, thirty poundB or under
—First, P. C. Meyer's Newmarkat Queen; sec
ond, A. Joseph's Imp. Limit, bitches, over
thirty pounds— First. L. A. Klein's Belle Bal
samo; second. Dr. H. L. Tevis<Lady Venom;
third, O. O. Heydenfeldt's American Belle.
Open, bitches, thirty pounds or under— Absent,
L A. Klein's Bay view Beryl. Open bitches,
over thirty pounds— First, L. A. Klein's Belle
Balsamo; second, Dr. H. I* ' Tevis' Lady
Venom- third O. O.- Heydenfeldt's American
Belle; reserve, C. . Steinbach r s Bloomsbury
iQueen: absent L. A. Klein's Bayview Beryl;
void. L. A'. Klein's Nancy. Winners, bitches-
First, L. .A. Klein's Belle Balsamo; reserve, J.
I Sparrow's Edgqwood Joan II. Open. dogs,
over thirty-five pounds— First, O. O. Heyden
feldt'a Wonder; second, Miss B. E. Russell's
Jerry R; absent, J. F. Emenwein's Edgewood
Gold Dollar.
Russian wolfhounds— Limit, dogs: First, Miss
A. Healy's Cossack II. Open, dogs: First,
Miss D Prentlss Eells' Pasha; -second, Miss A.
Healy's Cossack II. Limit bitches: First. F.
Paxton Howard's imp. Mlada. Open bitches:
First, F. Paxton Howard's Imp. Mlada. I
Deerhounds— Limit, dogs and bitches: First,
Mrs: W, P. Hooper's Marco. Open, dogs and
bitches: Mrs. W. B. Hooper's Lassie H. Win
ners, dogs and bitches: First, Mrs. W. B.
Hooper's Marco; reserve, Mrs. W/ B. Hooper's
Lassie H.
English" foxhounds— Puppy dogs and bitches:
First, 8an Mateo Hunt Club's Betfort; second,
same owner's Scarlet; .third, same owner's
Volatile; reserve, name owner's Clara Bell.
Open, dogs and bitches: First, San Mateo Hunt
Club's Transport; second, same owner's Racier;
third, same owner's i'crtla; V. H. C, same
owner's Sunbeam. . . - - -
American foxhounds— Puppy dogs: First, W.
fl Klttlu'H Jllckmnn; second, N. H. Hlckman's
<'hinny Billy: third, Gus Dleckman's fiplke;
H. C. J. <H.. Marshall's Kruger; C, J. H.
Marshall'* Bugle; absent, J. II. Marshall's
Leader. , Novice dogs: First, W. 8. Kittle' s
Rainbow; second, w. S. Klttle's Drive. Limit
dogs: First, 15. U. Chase's Foxy Qulller; sec
ond, C. G. Weber's Poddy Jri; third,' Btranga
8c Hennlng's Murderer. Open, dogs: First, B.
1«. Chase's Bragdon; second, 15. n. Chaso'a
Foxy Qulller; third, Colusa Kennels' Guy; re
serve, Fisher .& Ualtzar's Maxf. absent, J,: H.
Marshall's Sharkey.. Winners, dogs: First, K.
n. Chase's Bragdon; reserve, E.> B. Chase's
Foxy Qulller. Puppy bitches: First, W. 8.
Klttle's Floct. Novlco bitches: First, IS. 'B.
Chase's Kentucky Belle; second, , T. O. Per
kins' Queen; third, B. H. Forester's Bell; V.
H.-.C., Strange & Hennlng's Queen. Limit,
bitches: First, K. B. ChaM's Kentucky Belle;
second, Colusa Kennelu' Sapho; third. Fisher
&' Baltzar's Belle; V. H. C, T. G. Perkins'
Queen. . Open, bitches: First,' E. B. Chnse's
Carmen; second; E. II. Chase's Kentucky Belle;
third, A. W. Combi', Melba Cj V. H. C-i Fisher
Maltese terriers — Open, dogs and bitches:
First, Mrs. A. A. Roy's Margie B; second,-
Mrs. S. Rand's Queenie .R.
Toy terriers— Other than Yorkshire, under
seven pounds: First, W. A. Burns' Nobby
Boy. Under seven pounds, open, dogs and
bitches— First, Mrs. R. E. Martin's Lady; sec
ond, Mrs. W. A. Burns' Muggins; third, Mrs.
Dan Sexton's Tiny.
It*« , peculiar' that the product of th,
still makes men noisy. 1 "- 1 ?*
LONDON, May 9.-At . Chester to-day
tho May plat* wan won by Lord Buchan
an'U'RoBe of Jeddah, ridden by jnn-iff
Five homes ran. The Wynu two-year-old
selling Plate was won by 'n. 5\ Hermon.
Hod&CB' bay filly Ori«» Dyke, but ?he
horae was disqualified 'for fouling and th«
frt e he W^g ded t0 Atgl& ' wlth J- *«!«
Johnny Beiff Thl» Time.
Field spaniel*— Novice, dogs and bitches:
Third, E. J. Johnson's Peter Jackson. Limit,
dogs and bitches— First, RedwoM Cocker Ken
nela' Per Wofflngton: withheld, A. O. Me-
Kollle's Me. Open, dogs and bitches—With
held, A. O. McKellle's Me.
Cocker upanlels^-Black , puppy dogs: First,
George Bell's Masterpleca; second, Kennatn
ProuiiT Dandy Jim. Novice dogf, block— First,
Tln« Hill Cocker Kennels' Pine Hill Cuckoo:
second, Mrs. P. C Meyer's Olenwood Havoc;
third, Jam«« HV Jones' Black Hi Ik: reserve,
Pine Hill Cocker K«nnel«' Rowdy Woodcock;
V. H. C, Mm. J. M. Richards' bandy Rlch
ardi;II. C, George IS, Brown'a Oakland Fas
cination. Limit dors— First, Edwin W. Flake's
Colonist; second, Georgs Dell's ¦ Masterpiece;
third, Mrs. P. C. Meyer's Glenwood Havoc;
absent, OaorKo Bell's Standard. ¦¦ Black open
dogs— First, lfdwln W. Fiske's Champion
Premier: second, Edwin W. Fiske's Colonist;
third, Plummeria Cocker Kennels' Champion
Viscounts reserve, Mrs. P. ¦. C. Meyer's.Olen
wood Havoc: absent, • George Bell's Standard
and Rockwood Cocker Kennels' Champion Duf
ferin Pastime. Black winners, dogs— First,
Edwin W. Fiske's Champion Premier; reserve,
Edwin ¦' W. Flske's Colonist. Black puppy
: Irish water spaniels— Novice, dogs: First,"
A. T. Leonard Jr.'s Dennis C. Limit, dogs-
First, A. T. Leonard Jr.' 6 Dennis C; second,
M. Brtsco's Terry McGovem; third, J. Duffy's
Irish Duke. . Open, dogs— First, A. T. Leonard
Jr.'s Dennis C; second. S. "VV. Hortar/a Robert
Emmet. Winners, dogs — First, A." T. Leonard
Jr.'s Dennis C; reserve, 8.W. Horton's Robert
Emmet, Limit, bltches-Ftnt. W. H. Wil
liams' Bessie W. Winners, bitches— First, W.
H. Williams' Bessie W.
Gordon setters^Llmlt. dogs and bitches':
Frrst, Thomas Russell's Nellie II. Open, dogs
and bitches — First, Louis J. Ehret's Cracker-
Jack; second. J.H. W. Muller's Belle M; ab
sent, Mrs. N. H. Hlckman's Major II. Win
ners, dogs and bitches— First, Louis J. Ehret's
Crackerjack; reserve. J. H. W. Muller's Belle
M. > - , .
¦ Field trial, class— Pointer and setter dogs:
First, ' J. E. - Lucas" pointer Alex C; second,
Charles F. Hartmetz's . English setter Oakley
Hill; third, L. J. AuberTe pointer Ashbury.
Pointer and setter bitches— First,' I. E. Terry's
English setter Lady ;¦ second, Stockdale Ken
nels' pointer Nellie Wilson.
: Poodles — Open, dogs and bitches: First, L.
A. Klelne's Cocaine; second. Dr. L. Bazefs
Athog.
Pugs— Puppy dogs: V. H. C, J. Boardman's
Toody. Open, bitches: First, Mrs. G. Stead
man's Endcliffe Venolla. ;
Yorkshires — Open, daga and bitches,: First,
Mrs. G. S. Thomas' Endcllffe Major; second,
Mrs. J. F. Burrell's Prince Tiny.
Irish setters— Puppy degs: First, C. F. Ped
rotter's Toby Jr. Novice, dogs: G. C. .Thomas
Jr.'s Prince Bloomfield. Limit, dogs: First,
P. J. McCormack's Rory M: second, Gus Lane's
Pilot B: third, G. C. Thomas- Jr.'s Prince
Bloomfleld; reserve, L. S. Adams Jr.'s Toronto
Mike; H. C, F. B. Adams' Con A; absent, B.
B. Lathbury's Rockwood . Jr. Open, dogs:
First: A. B. Truman's Mike Swlveler T; sec
ond, G. C. Thomas Jr.'s Prince. Bloomfleld;
third, V. E. Luhr's Glenmore Sultan; reserve.
L. S. Adams Jr.'s Toronto Mike; V. H. C, F.
B. Adams' Con A; absent. B. B. Lathbury's
Rockwood Jr. 1 Winners, dogs: First, A. B.
Truman's Mike Swiveler T; reserve, P. J. Mc-
Cormack's Rory M. Puppy bitches: First.
Duval Moore's Lady Bess M. Novice, bitches:
First, D. M. Stanley's Lady Melba; second, J.
White Jr.'s Maxlne. Limit, bitches: First,
Howard Black's Lady Josle II; second, D. M.
Stanley's Lady Melba; third, J. F. Kelley's
Lady Glenbrook; V. H. C, H. M. -Fortescue'a
Beauty II. Open, bitches: First, A. B. Tru
man's Lady - Swlveler; second, Duval Moore's
Queen Bess II.- Winners, bitches: First. - A.
B. Truman's Lady Swiveler; reserve, Howard
Black's Lady Joseph II.
Dachshunds— Novice, dogs: First, Professor
C. E. Strassburger's Hiezel; second. Colonel
W. S. Martin's Snook; third, Colonel W. S.
Martin's Rex M. Limit, dogs: First. Colonel
W. S. Martin's Snook; second. Colonel W. S.
Martin's Rex M; absent, Velo Farm Kennels'
Velo's Notion. Open, dogs: First, Velo Farm
Kennels' Velo Forever; second. Colonel W. S.
Martin's Snook; third. Colonel W. S. Martin's
Rex M. Winners, dogs; First, Velo Farm
Kennels' Velo Forever: reserve. Professor C.
E. Strassburger's Hiezel. Limit, bitches: First,
Velo Farm Kennels' Velo Rhoda; second, Col
onel W. S. Martin's "Weldene Frau. Open,
bitches: First, Velo Farm Kennels' Velolo;
second. Colonel W. 8. Martin's Isolda: third.
Colonel W. S. Martin's Waldene Frau; absent.
Dr. E. Bunnell's Theckla and the same owner's
Helga. Winners, bitches: First, Velo Farm
Kennels' Velolo; reserve. Velo Farm Kennels'
Velo Rhoda.
Fencer; second, G. S. Thomas' Endcllffe Sky
Scraper; third, Walter Magee's Catrnsmuir
General. Absent— C. W. Keyes' Champion
Meersbrook Bristles and Captain D. K. Shaw's
Rio. Winners, dogs— First, C. K. Keyes' Hill
crest Fencer. Reserve— C. G. Thomas' End
cllffe Sky Scraper. Puppy, bitches— First, , C.
W. Keyes' Hlllcrest Fairy. Limit, bitches-
First, G. S. Thomas' Endcliffe- Ophlr. Open,
bitches— First, C. W. Keyes' Champion Hlll
crest Solace. Winners, bitches— First, C. W.
Keyes' Champion Hillcrest Solace, j Reserve—
C. W. Keyes' Hillcrest Fairy.
• Irish terriers— Limit, dogs: First, H. D. Pills
bury's Endcllffe Taudsticker; second, Thomas
Howard's Galtee Moore. -Absent, Mrs. W. B.
Hooper's Pat H and W. Le Monnier's Endr
cllffe Pedlar. Open, dogs— First, H. D. Pills
bury's Endcliffe Taudsticker; second, Thomas
Howard's Galtee - Moore. Winners, " dogs-
First, H. D. Pillsbury's Endcliffe Taudsticker;
second,' Thomas Howard's Galtee Moore.
Limit, bitches— First, George S. Thomas' End
cllffe Kitty. Absent— E. Courtney Ford's Vir
ginia F. Open, bitches— First, George S.
Thomas' Champion Endcliffe . Shela. Absent—
E. Courtney Ford's Virginia F. Winners,
bitches— First. George S. Thomas' Endcliffe
Kitty. Reserve— George S. Thomas' Champion
Endcllffe Shela.
Scotch terriers— Limit, dogs: First, G. S.
Thomas' Endcllffe Rebel; second, Mrs. R. F.
Perkins' Nosegay Dandelion. Open, dogs-
First, Mrs. R. F. Perkins' Nosegay Dandelion.
Absent— Nosegay Kennels' Nosegay Sweet
William. Winners, dogs— First, Mrs. R. F.
Perkins' Nosegay Dandelion. Reserve— G. S.
Thpmas* Endcllffe Rebel. Novice, bitches-
First. Brandywlne Kennels' Babberton Lass.
Limit, bitches— Brandywine Kennels' Babber
ton Lass. Open, bitches— First, Brandywine
Kennels' Babberton Lass. Winners, bitches —
First. Brandywine Kennels' Babberton Lass.
Fox terriers, smooth coated— Puppy dogs:
First, Norfolk Kennels' Norfolk Mainstay;
second, W. Halley's Midnight; third, R. Arm
strong's Fernwood Briar; reserve, C. K. Hart
ley's Klickitat: V. H. C, J.- H. Dlbbern's
Pytchley Valient: H. C, E. W. Joy's Casey J.
Novice does: First, Miss Pearl Coutts • In
trepet; second. Woodlawn Kennels' Dictator;
third, M. Halley's Rag Time; reserve, C. K.
Harley's Klickitat; V. H. C. J. H. Dlbbern'i
Pytchley Valient: absent, J- L - Flood ¦ Cap
tain of Alma and Leonard Knott's Irntator.
Limit, dogs: First. Norfolk Kennels' Norfolk
Mainstayr second. Norfolk Kennels' Norfolk
Trueman; third, C. K. Harley's Vlbo: reserve,
Woodlawn Kennels' Dictator; V. H. C J. H.
Dibbern's Pytchley .Valient; absent, A. J.
Allen's Bobs. Open, dogs: First. . Norfolk
Kennels' Richmond; second, Norfolk Kennels
Norfolk Mainstay; third, C. K. Harley's Vlbo;
reserve, Woodlawn Kennels' Fordham; V. H.
C..-C. K. Harley's Warren Skeptic; V. H, C ; ,
J. H. Dlbbern's Pytchley Valient; absent, J.
L. Flood's Captain of Alma, Winners, dogs:
First, Norfolk Kennels' Norfolk Richmond;
reserve, Norfolk Kennels' Norfolk Mainstay.
Puppy bitches: First, J. B. Martin 's Powhat
tan Queen; second. D, C. Murphy's Midnight,
third, C. K. Harley's Lollta. Novice bitches:
First, Norfolk Kennels' Norfolk Twotstep; sec
ond, H. F. Uckmann'l Lowanne Lace; third,
Woodlawn Kennels' Less and Feet: reserve,
H.F. Lackmann's Lewanna Love; V. IL C.,
C. K. Harlcy's Lollta. Limit, bitches: Mrst.
Norfolk Kennels' Norfolk Ruby;^ T ,»ef 0 " d v ', ?• S 1
Lackmann's Lewanne Liberty Bell; third, C.
K. Harley's Norfolk Queon Dance; rcsorvj. C.
K. Harley'n Cnrmenclta; V. H. C.. J.B. Mar
tin's Golden Sunshine; V. II. C., Woodlawn
Kennels' Dotty; V. H. C. Woodlawn Kcnn«U
Lady Mask; H. C, "W.-W. Moore'* Vina Hell;
ab«(?nt, Mrs.C. K. Turner's 'Nuisance. Open,
bltch«»: First, Norfolk Kennels' Norfolk Han
dicraft: second, 11. F. I^ackmann's Lewanna
Blue Bell; third, Woodlawn Kennels' Bcllpsj
Blanche! reeerve, C. K. «»rt°y '• Norfolk
Queen Dance: V. II. C. C. K. Harlfly'i Car
mencitaj V. II. C.-W. W. Moorc'i Vina Hell;
.V, H. C, O. K. «arley'« lone; H. C. Thorn
hill Kennels' Thornhlfl Leirnarda.
bitches: .First, Norfolk Kennels' Norfolk Han
dicraft; reserve, H.F. Lackmann'» L«wanne
wire 'hair fox tcrrlera-Puppy, dogii, First,
C. K. Keyes' Rldgewood Tim. Novice, dog s—
First. C. K. Keyes'- Rldgawood Tim. Limit,,
dogs— First, C. W. Keyes' Hlllcrest Fencer;
second, G. S. Thomas' Kndcliffe Sky Scraper;
third, • Walter . Magee's Calrnsmulr General.:
Open, , dogs-First C. W. Keyes' Hlllcreot I
English setters— Puppy dogs: First, John
Tait's The Referee; second, Clark & Kennedy's
Dick C; third, R, Johnson's Clayton. Novice
dogs— First. H. L. Keyes' Montell Jr.; Becond,
George C. Thomas' Sport Solomon; third, C.
S.» Boas' Dash Antonio! II; V. H. C, W. R.
Locke's Babe; H. C, H. E. Riley's Count
Flanders;' C, E. C. Hahn's Duke of Hahn;
C. A. Warneke's Bum. Limit, dogs— First, W.
Felge's Buckwa; second, Charles F. Hart
metz's Oakley Hill; third, Sol Honlgsberg's
Sport D; V. H. C, S. Schritesen's Joe Cum
mings' Boy; H. C, L. Abrams' .Dolly Sport;
H. C, Charles Easton's Dewey; H. C. George
C. Thomas' Sport Solomon. Open, dogs-
First. C. F. Hartmetz's Oakley Hill; second,
George C. Thomas' Sport Solomon; third, C. S.
Boas' 1 Dash Antonio II; reserve, Sol Honigs
berg's Sport D; V. H. C, S. Chrlstensen's Joe
Cummings' Boy; H. C, E. C. Hahn's Duke
of Hahn. Winners' bitches— First, W. Feige's
Buckwa; reserve, Charles F. Hartmetz's Oak
ley Hill. Puppy bitches— First. P. M. Wand's
Gibson Girl; second, W. C. Brown's Zell B;
third, .A. Warneke's Trlcksie. Novice. bitches-
First, G. C. Thomas'! Pera; second, George G.
Gauld's Miriam J; third, G. C. Thomas Jr.'s
Dido B; V. H. C. C. S. King's Queenie K;
H. C, T. J. A. Tledeman's Northern Hunt
ress. Limit bitches— First, G. C. Thomas Jr.'s
Mepals Queen «B; second, William Styan's
Queen; third, G. C. Thomas Jr.'s Pera; re
serve, George. G Gauld's Miriam J; V. H. O.,
G. C. Thomas Jr.'s Dido B; H. C, J. R.
Smith's Countess of Flanders. Open, bitches-
First. G. C. Thomas Jr.'s Mepala Queen B;
second, A. B. Truman's Fanny Gladstone T;
third, G. ' C. Thomas Jr.'s Pera; reserve,
George O. Gauld's Miriam J; H. C, I. E.
Terry's Lady; absent, W. E. Chute's Dolly Y.
Winners' bitches— First, George C. Thomas
Jr.'s Mepals Queen B; reserve, A. B. Truman s
Fanny Gladstone T. v ¦ \
& Baltzar's Belle. Winners, bitches: First,
E. B.. Chase's Carmen; reserve, E. B. Chase's
Kentucky .Belle.
Pointers— Puppy dogs: First, W. B. Coutts*
Ned Funston. Novice dogs— First, Frank H.
Fleer's Luck of Lansdown; second, Stockdale
Kennels' Cuba Jr.; third, C. E. Worden's Doc
W; reserve. A. O. Kellogg' s Boxer; V. H. C.
Mrs. Thomas Murphy's Bill Sykes; H. C. A. F.
Hinz's Beaumont; absent, Alexander Hamil
ton's Clip. Limit dogs, under 55 pounds— First,
Herbert J. Ogden's Lansdown Malt; second, F.
H. Fleer's Bane. Away III; third, L. J. Au
bert's Ashbury; ¦ reserve, Stockdale Kennels'
Cuba Jr.; V. H. C, Roy N. Fuller's Rex F;
C, O. F. Hinz's Beaumont; H. C..' L. O. Kel
logg's Boxer. Limit dogs, 55 pounds and over-
First, Stockdale Kennels' Cubs of : Kenwood;
second, C. E/* Worden's Doc W; third, F t ' H.
Fleer's Gajnester. .Open, dogs, under 55 pounds
—First, H. G. Ogden's Lansdown Malt; second,
F. H. Fleer's Bang Away III; third, J. E. Lu
cas' Alex C; reserve, L. "J. Aubert's Ashbury;
V. H, C, Stockdale Kennels' Cuba Jr.; H. C,
L. O. Kellogg' s Boxer. Open, dogs, 55 pounds
and over— First, Dr. J. S. Howe's Baby Kent;
second, H. J. Lucas' Nick O"N.; third, Stock
dale . Kennels' Sam Bow; reserve, Stockdale
Kennels' Cuba of Kenwood; V. H. C, C. E.
Worden's Doc W; H. C, F. H. Fleer's Game
ster. Winners, dogs-rFirst, H. J. Ogden's
Landsdcwn Malt; reserve. Dr. J. S. Howe's
Baby Kent. Puppy bitches— First, A. B. Tru
man's Patty of Kent; second, W. B. Coutts'
Bonnie Bell;' third, W. B. Coutts' /Kenwood
Rose. Novice, bitches— First, W. Gall's Puny
Girl; second, W. B. Coutts' Bonnie Bell. Limit,
bitches, under 50 pounds— First, A. F. Colvln's
Lady Colvin; second, T. H. IJaidley Jr.'s Lex
ington Girl; third, William Gall's Glen Ada;
V. H. C. Stockdale Kennels' Florida. Limit,
bitches, 50 pounds and over-*Flrst, F. H.
Fleer's .Daisy Bell; absent, F. Wicker's Reia
W. Open, bitches, under 50 pounds— First, A.
F. Colvln's Lady Colvin; second, J. H. Lald
ley Jr.'s Lexington Girl; third, William Gall's
Sister Glenbeigh G; V. H. C, Stockdale Ken
nels' Florida. Open, bitches, 50 pounds and
over — First F. H. Fleer's Daisy Bell; second,
Stockdale Kennels' ' Nellie Wilson. Winners,
bitches— First, F. H. Fleer's Daisy Bell; re
serve, ¦ A. F. Colvin's Lady Colvin.
Collies— Puppy, dogs: First, Miss E. B.
Grave's Verona Braw Laddie; second Mrs. J
H. Follls' Red Wuld; third, Clarkson Dye's
Ormskirk Emerald III; reserve. Mrs. Walter
Magee's Laddie: V. H. C.. E. A. Bernhara'a
Old Hall General; H. C, Winters Collie- Ken
nels' Dormer; absent, Adam Brehm's Shepp
Novice, dogs— First, George Getjen's Verona
Laddie; second, Mrs. J. H. Follls' Red Wuld
third, G. Martin's Cheviot Laddie; reserve'
Mrs. Louisa Harrison' 3 Orrnskirk Harry- v'
H. C, Mrs. Walter Magee's Laddie- h'-o'
C. E. Miller's Philip I; H. C, Mrs. g'b Ludl
low's Klondike Scott; H. C. J. A. Hammer
smith's Bruce Lad; H. C, Dr. F. W Brown
ing's Ormskirk Chromo; C. T. Edwsrd Bailev*B
Ormskirk Blucher Jr.: C. W. C. Spencer's
Cliff; absent, J. L. Flood's Maxwell. 'Limit
dogs— First, Winters Collie Kennels' '. Verona
Battle: second. A. B. Spreckels' Danum Won
der; third. Mrs. J. H. Follls' Red .Wuld- r£
serve. George Martin's Cheviot Laddie- V • H.
C, Miss -Louisa Harrison's Ormskirk ' Harrv-'
absent, J. L. Flood's MaxwelL Open doS-
First, A. B. Spreckels' Danum Wonder- second
Mrs. J. H. Follis' Red Wuld; third Georee
Martin's Cheviot Laddie; reserve. Miss Loulfa
Harrison's Ormskirk Harry. Winners doe£?
First, Mrs. E. B. GraveVVelw Sw S
die; reserve, Winters Cpllie Kennels' Verona
Battle. Puppy, bitches— First, Mra jw
Hansen's Verona Mollle; second. Winters cv,mL
Kennels' Pleasant Fanny; third, Colone? F V
Northrup's Snowball; reserve, Winters rv*iii.
Kennels' Donaldlna; V. H. C, Miss A* «°iL 
row's Tilda Jane. Novice, bitcnes-FIrst xv?X"
ters Collie Kennels' Pleasant Fanny™ s'eem^*
R. B. MUroy'8 Babe; absent. Mn c itS 1
Lad's Bell. Winners, bltches-Flrs't. Mrs O
J. Hansen's Verona Mollle; reserve xvtntlh
Collie Kennels*, Pleasant Fanny ' V lntera
Bulldogs— Novice dogs and bitches- "-Ft r .»'
Mrs. W. M. Roberts' Jimjams Ah«.«i^T
Foss' Topsy. Umit. dogsi^m?- Mra w K
Roberts' Jimjams; second. L. 8. Greonebaunv,
Harry Lacy. Open, dogs-1-First L a S
Champion IvelRuiticT second H B K^ n^"
auer's St. Llthans Ruer; ; third. A. 8 How.""
Cr:bb H. Open. bltche,-Flrs^ L^ a KleTn'i
Beaumaris Fortune. Winners Jw« i
bitches-First. L. A. Klein's j *5 Ru^fiL nd
serv— L. A. Kl.ln's Beaumarl. K^rt Un^
Japanese pug^-Open. dogs: Mw h' w
Reddan ¦ Nippon.' **• "•
Chows-Open, doiri and bltchw: First F
Tooker-B Chow; second, J J Norton-. ' t 7*
Fat; third. Ml.s O. E. Norton's Le. Thin^ 8
Chk'rl^* 0 *" 01 " 11 ' d0S>: PlrBt - Oon, TlV.
T tl2 FI Ue ". !n th « m»»ce!laneou» elaue S wers
Boston terriers— Puppy dogs: Mrs. J. P. Nor
man's Lord Montez; second, William T. Mc-
Gee's Winner; third, W. B. Sink Jr.'s Sir Mon
tez. Novice, dogs— First,- W. T, Magee's Win
ner; second, W. B. Sink Jr.'s Sir Montez; third.
Miss Pearl Sabln's Brisk. Limit, dogs— Mrs.
Thomas Magee Jr.'s Winner; second, W. B.
Sink Jr.'s Sir Montez: third. H. D. Pillsbury's
SlyW; H. C, Mrs. L. Budd Rosenberg's Mr.
Snook; absent, L. A. Klelne's Prince and Miss
Pearl Sabin's Brisk. Open, dogs— First, Mrs.
Thomas Magee Jr.'s Winner; second. , Mrs. .¦ H.
H. Carlton's Tremont; absent. L. A. Kleine'a
Prince. Winners, dog&r-First, J. . P. Norman's
Lord. Montez; reserve, W. T. Magee'a Winner.
Puppy bitches— First, Mrs. H.. H. Carlton's
Oakside Princess of Avondale. Limit, bitches—
First, Mrs. J. P. Norman's Lady Montez; ab
sent, ¦ W. G. Kendall's Meg. Open, bitches-
First, J. S. Thomas' Kndcliffe Lita; second,
Mrs. J. P. Norman's Lady Montez ;' absent, W.
G."Kendall's Meg. Winners, bitches— First, J.
S. Thomas' Endcllffe Leader; reserve, Mrs. J.
P. Norman's Lady Montez.
bitches— First, W. F. Roeder's Lady bel
Monte; second, Mrs. P. C Meyer's Glen wood
Topsy; third. George Bell"s Minstrel Girl; V.
H. C. M. Lustenberger's Topsy. Black novice
bitches— First, Dr. A. C. Kellogg's Lady Mc-
Duff; second, George Bell's Mlnytrel Girl;
third, A. Wolfen's Judy. Black limit bitches-
First, Mrs. J. P. Atkins' Mona II; second,
Fred Zur Lo wen's Powhattan Lou; third.
George Bell's Minstrel Girl; reserve, Hugh
Maudlin"s Lady Gaylord; V. H. C, Miss F.
J. Hatje's Woodstock Minerva; absent, Edwin
W. Fiske's Kara Avis. Black winners, bitches
— First/ Mrs. ¦ J. P. Atkins'. Mona II; reserve.
Dr. A. C. Kellogg's: Lady McDuff. Cockers
other than black, novice dogs— First, Pine Hill
Kennels' Uncas; second, Mrs. P. C. Meyer's
Glenwood RaJney; third, Mrs. B. Clark's Oak
side Viscount; absent. H- C. Stlllwell's Reck
less. Limit dogs', other than black— First, C.
T. Mead'B Perfection; second. Edwin. W.
Fiske's Chief II; third, Plumeria Cocker Ken
nels' Hampton Goldle; reserve, Edwin W.
Fiske's Winsford Bustle; V. H. C. Pine Hill
Cocker Kennels' Uncas;- H. C. Mrs. P. C.
Meyer's Glenwood Ralney. Open, dogs, other
than black— First, C; T. Mead's Perfection;
second, Edwin W. Fiske's Mohican; third,
Plumeria Cocker Kennels' Hamptop Goldie;
reserve, Mrs. P. C. Meyer's Champion Colo
rado. Winners, dogs.other than blacks— First, C.
T. Mead's Perfection ; reserve, Edwin W. Fiske's
Chief II. Puppy bitches, other than black—
First, Plumeria Cocker Kennels' Plumeria
Cleo; second, C. T. Mead's Red Cross; third,
William F. Taylor's Queen Nuisance. Novice
bitches, other than black— Plumeria Cocker
Kennels' " Plumeria Cleo; second, Mrs. P. C.
Meyer's Glenwood Ruby; third. C. T. Mead's
Red Cross; V. H. C, Plumeria Cocker Kennels'
Plumeria ~ Fla Limit bitchea— First, Plumeria
Cocker Kennels" Plumeria Fancy; second, Ed
,wln Fiske's Braeslde Betty; third, Mrs. P. C.
Meyer's La Paloma; V. H. C, C. T. Mead's
Red Cross. Open, bitches, other than black—
First, Plumeria Kennels' Plumeria Fancy;
second, Edwin W. Fiske's Braeside Betty;
third, Mrs. P. C. Meyer's La Paloma. Win
ners, bitches— First, Plumeria Cocker Kennels'
Plumeria Fancy; reserve, Edwin W. Fiske's
Braeside Betty.
OAKLAND RACETBACK-Thur'sday,
May 9, 190L— Weather fine. Track fast.
2422. FIRST RACE-Six furlongs; selling;
three-year-old fillies; purse, $300.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fin.
2110C. Bravo. 114...... .Ruiz 4 2h 11 12
2404 Matilda O, 110.... Hafley 2 7 1 3 154
23S« Merida. 110 ..Fauntleroy 5 6 >4 4 h 3 h
2344 Lucera, 110 Conley 7 9 1 8 1 4 h
2380 T. Cross, 110 Russell 8 8 192 5 2
2S80 Edith O, 110...Bozeman 9 5 h 6 16 1
2344 Aphrodis, U0..Basslnger 6 10 7 V4 7 S
2368 Todel, 110 ...Alexanderll 3 2 10 8 6
1948 Abba L. 110 Brodien 112 2 % 9 1
2389 Luca. 110 Ransch 3 4 1 6 1 10 1 '
2307 Alpha Lee, 110 EnoslO 11 H 115
2031 Porphyry, 110..Hennescyl2 1J 12 12
Timer-'i. :24t4; %. :49%; \, 1:16. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner. E. Carey's b. t. by Rio Bravo-Catherine
B. There was no class to the race and win
ner was best handled. Matilda went the long
route. Lucera cut off at start. Triple Cross
cut off three furlongs from home. She Is due.
Aphrodls ran a bad race. Scratched—Floris
ta 110.
Betting— Catherine Bravo. 7; Matilda O. 10;
Merlda, 6; Lucera, 6; Triple Cross. 8; \EClth
O. 40; Aphrodls. 7-2; Todel, SO; Abba L, 60;
Luca. 8; Alpha Lee, CO; Porphyry, 60.
242.'t. SECOND RACE— One mile; Belling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index, Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2411 Parader. a. 113 Ruiz 7 8 10 1 h 11
<24Il)Formatuii, 4, 10»..Conley S 4 h 3 H 2 n
240$ Loeonomo. 6, lll.Gaffney 6 5 h El Si
240S H. Thatcher. 4, HO.Mkln 4 II 2 h 4 2
24J1 Canejo. 4, 107,...Ransch 1 fi V4 6 l su
2402 Inclndiator, 6, U6.Romro 8 7 10 8 4 6 1
2392 S. Marts, S, US... Burke 2 2h 4 U 7 10
122< Yule. 6. Ill Russell » V » 8$
194> F. Woods, 4, lOS.Dozemn S • 3 % 7 2 9
Tlme-%. :25; >4, :49V4; %. 1:16\; mile, 1:42%
Good *tart. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving. Winner, Atkln & Lottrldge's b. g.
by imp. Prestonpans-Hidalga. Parader. away
poorly. finUbed like a fair one. Fortnatus In
a pocket or he might have won. Loeonomo
away poorly. Canejo pocketed until too late.
Inclndiator lame. Too far for Woods.
Betting— Parader, 2; Formatus, 8-2; Locono
tno, «; Harry Thatcher, 60; Canejo, *-2; In
rlndlator. 10; F<-nator Matts, 100; Yule, lfi;
Frank Woods, 12.
2424. THIRfe RACE— Five furionn; two
year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, Her**. Wt, Jockey, fit. %. Str. Fin.
2409 Rory Ough. llS..Ransch 112 14 IS
<24o0)Jarretler« d'Or, HS.IUilz 4 4 1 2 1 2 6
234i Th« Giver, 118.... Conley 2 2 1 3 1 3 2
2411 Waterscratrh, .115...Enos S 6 6 4 10
241* Irma A, US Shields 3 22 4 1 5
Time— V4. :12tf; V. :2J'^; «i. :48«: %. 1:01,'
Good start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner, J. Lodre & Co.'s ch. c. by
imp. Friar Tuck -Queen ' Kaplolanl. Rory came
tan* under reefed Mils. Jarre tlerre d'Or
2420. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $250.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
2408 Alee. 4. 109 Alexander 2 1111 1 y,
2384 P. Morrissey.a. lll.Unch 4 & 1 3 »4 2 2
2359 Mike Strauss, 4, 109. Hoar 1 2 n 2 h 2 2
2388 Ser. Lake, 3, 85.Brodlen 9 6 1 6 % 4 1
2340 Expedient, 4. llO.Macklln 6 8 H' 6 2 51
(23C2)Mlke Rice, a, 111. Russell 3 3 2 4 >.i 6 %
f2407)Invlctus. 3, 99. Fauntlery 5 4 1 7 2 7 3
(240S)Lrf)Bt Girl, a. lOS.Mathwa 7 7 »£ 8 4 8 6
2107 Fondo, S, 99 .Jackson 8 9 9 9
Tlme-W, :12^4; %. :24V*; %, :43tf; %, 1:27%.
Good start. Worvflmt three driving. Winner,
Dr. H. !¦:. Rowell'* br. g. by Imp.'. St. George-
Levee. If Ranach had started in aoon»r Mor
rtwy would hav« won. Ale« hard pressed last
eighth. Strauss nn his race. Expedient can
do better. Invlctui sulked, Mike Klce quit
rhaslng the winner. Scratched— Whangdoodle
97, Cutler Joe 114,' Good Hope 109.
lUttlnx— A !>-<>, 9-S; I'nt Morrlxsey, <; Mlkn
Strati**, 7; Bcreenwell Jwtke, JO; Kxpedlent, 30;
Mike Rice, 12; Invictun, 10; Loat Olrf, 6; Fondo,
20. .
2427. BIXTH RACK— Mile and seventy yards;
K'llinc; four-year-olds and up; purse,, 1400. _
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. 8t. &.- Btr. Fin.
23D7 Horton, 5, 114. .Matthews 1 & 34 In
240» Ooldone, 4, llO.IJaoslnger 3 1 tt 2 1 2 n
(KiOGountiet, (, H4...Kan*ch 2 2 2 1% SS
2411 Llzzella, a, 109..Dotcman 4 4 3 4 143
<2146)Alturas. 6, lll...Macklln 6 3 % G 6
Tlme-70 yards, :04%; U, :25<4; %, :50%; %,
1:16; mile, 1:41; lm 70yds, IMS. Good start.
Won flrst three driving. Winner, J. McQov
em's ch. h. by El Ilayo-Fuslllade's Last. In
terfered with on backstretch Uortnn ran the
la>t quarter In nothing. Goldons and Gauntlet
locked horns from the Jump. .
Betting— Horton, 3-2; Goldone, J-2; Gauntlet.
16-0; L'.zzelU, 60; Alturas, 60.
Betting— Meehanus, 9-20; Gibraltar, 4;. Ri
naldo. 20; Sugden, 12; Torsida. 10; Charles I<e
Bel, 200; Tenrlca. 200; Tola, 40.
Time-',i. :24; %. :49; %. 1:14%. Good start.
Won -easily. Second and third driving. Win
ner, Caesar Young's ch. h. by imp. Golden
Garter-Fedalnia. Winner possessed all colors
of speed. Gibraltar ran In fits and starts.
Rinaldo well ridden. Bugden quit. Torsida
none too well ridden. Scratched— Glissando 112,
Bagdad 112. Dr. Nembula 112, Montallade 112.
2425. FOURTH RACE-Slx furlongs; selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $330.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. Vi. Str. Fin.
2408 Meehanus. B, 115 Ruiz 2 14 1 10 1 12
2402 Gibraltar, a, llE.Vlttltoe 13 3 2 1 2 n
2378 Rlnaldo, 6, 112....... Hoar 6 4% 4 V6 3n
<2323)Sugden. 5. 112. Hennessey 4 2 1 3 % 4 %
1968 Torsida, 6, 110. Matthews 8 6 3 5% 62
(2292)Chs. Le Bel, 6. 112.Feary 7 8 6 4 6 4
1248 Tenrlca, 6. 112 Prior 8 7 1 7 6 7 8
23S8 Tola, 3, 107 .Hafley 5 52 8 8
Betting— Rory. Ough, 8-5: Jarretlere d'Or, 4-5;
Tho Giver, 12; Water-scratch, ,40; Irma A. 25.
slightly bothered at start. The Giver ran his
race. Irma A quit.
4
geeeoooeoeo«e«9ooeoeee
I Bieyclps ! I
5 The Big A |
g In the Cycling World, rr «
® CLEVELANDS •
3 $35 $40 $50 S
3 TRIBUNES *
8 $35 $40 $50 '••
2 - CRESCENTS °
I $25 $30 535 5
1 SNELLS S
g $25. $30 | $40 $50 S
• .» Se» the Cleveland RED-HEAD RACER. O
• In a, class of t»««»r own. A
Good allow.noo tor your old bicycle, q
Mleavitt $ bill, S
309 Larkin StrccL g
g §nTr£ nit' '•*»«*««», nerd-, g• TUESDAY, MAY 14.
3:4O p. to. President's arrival, parade.
S:OO p. jtt. — Public reception, Ferrr depot.
WEDNESDAY, MAY 15.
1O:OO wl. m.— Commencement Unlversltr «»* California, Berkeley;
luncheon.
4:OO p. m. — Drive and reception at Oakland.
Xlght Dinner. Gnests of 3Ir«. Georpe E. Morse.
O:OO a. m. For vlsftiiis: Congressmen: Drive to Golden Gate
Park, Ocean Beach and Cliff House; lunch at Cliff
Hourc; retnrn by way of Point Lobox Slgrnal Station
£nd the Presidio.
Sight Trip through Chinatown for visiting: Congressmen.
'THURSDAY, MAY 16-.
SsOO a. m. — Trjp to Mount Tamalpais, arriving: at summit at
11:30 a. m.
3:OO p. m. — neception at Odd Felloivs' Hall by Sons of the Revo
lution, Mexican "War Veterans, Loyal l>eg;lon, Native
Sons and Xattve DangliterR.
XlRht— Banquet, Ohio Society.
3tOO p. m. — Reception to Mrs. McKinley and ladles of the Presi
dential party at Mark Hopkins Institute of Art.
FBIDAY, MAY 17..
Mornlnsr — Reception by school children, Van Xess avenue;
drive to Golden Gate Park and Ocean Beach; lunch
eon at Cliff House.
2:00 p. m. — KniRht* Templar parade and reception. • *
Kvpninff — Lrnpnp of the Cross . Cadets* drill, Mechanics' Pa
vilion. %:;
SsOO p. m.— Grand Army of the Republic reception, Native Sons'
Hall. ' P/^ '/'¦
Mornlnsr — Visiting: Congressmen frill Inspect public buildings
and water front.
12 m.— Luncheon for visiting: Congressmen at Merchants'
Clnb.
SATURDAY, MAY 18.
MorninR— Dedication of Donahue fountain.
Noon— Launch of the battleship Ohio.
Afternoon— Union League Club reception in club rooms and re
ception in Maple room, Palace Hotel.
2VIj?;l»t — Cttirens* banquet, Palace Hotel,
SUNDAY, MAY 19.
Rest.
MONDAY, MAY 20.
10:O0 a. m.— President's departure.
PROGRAMME FOR WEEK
OF PRESIDENT'S VISIT
M'KINLEY LEADS FLORAL PARADE
AND SPEAKS AT VETERANS HOME
Continued From Second Page.
-Glee Club— P. K. Oilman, leader, and W. M.
Parkin, manager.
Press committee— A. B. Lemmon, W. M.
Erb. E. T. Maples, R. O. Hadley, Keith Wigle,
('. M. Bradley, chairman.
Alto, at S;30 a. m.. May 14, the p?rty will
be driven immediately to the Assembly
Hall on the Stanfor-d campus, a mile dis
tant from the station. The audience of
students and faculty will already be wait
iiig for the President.
President Jordan will -welcome the party
in behalf of the faculty and officers of
the university, and then will introduce
Cecil M. Marrack. president of the Asso
ciated Students, who will speak briefly for
the undergraduates.
President McKinley has consented to
speak to the students for half an hour.
The Glee Club will occupy seats in the
balcony at the left hand side of the gal
lory facing the stage. The Stanford words
to the air "One, Two. Three. Four," will
open the exercises, and "America," in
which the whole student body will join,
will close.
Superintendent Frank Covey will then
take charge of the party and will show
them through the celebrated Palo Alto
stables, the Stanford residence grounds
ar.d the university grounds. The whole
time occupied will be but two hours, as
the Presidential train leaves for Burlin
£ame at 11:30.
The university authorities have instruct
ed Cliarles E. Hodges, the local architect,
to take charge of the decorations of the
Assembly Hal!. In order to avoid too
large a crowd, admission to the hall will
be by ticket only. The crowd will be well
policed and a sufficiently large corps of
student ushers has been appointed to seat
the crowd. The hall has a seating ca
pacity of 1S00, but It is thought that 2000
tickets can be given out with safety.
The university band of forty pieces will
represent Stanford in the San Jose parade
Monday, and will also be given a promi
nent part in the local exercises.
The following committees have been ap
pointed to co-operate with the faculty
committee and the university manage
ment in the reception to President Mc-
Kinle;.':
Decoration — A. B. 6111, "W. R. Hamilton,
C!au<5e Pollard, W. C. Francis, G. L. Toby,
chairman.
Ushers-J. E. Wilson, J. F. English, E. A.
Strout, F. C. Murgotten, E. H. Rice, F. H.
Horen. C. D. Scott. F. L. Slater. R. L.
Brooks, Paul Parker, C. B. Rlatt. W. I.
Traeger, R. L.. McFadden, C. B. Burton, H.
L. Hamilton, W. C. Wood, W. A. Morris,
chairman.
Rooting— F. H. Boren, Frank" Karr, M. F.
in the Assembly Hall
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 9.—
The committee in charge of the recep
tion which is to be given President Mc-
Kinley and his party while here have
completed their arrangements. Upon ths
arrival of the President's train at Palo
President McKinley Will
Address the Students
STANFORD GETS
TWO-HOUR VISIT
Requests have been made upon the
grand exalted ruler of the order for per
mission to confer the degrees upon the
President while he is in Colorado, and
Colorado Springs wi.i petition the Presi
dent to allow it the distinction of making
an Elk of him. William Moreland. past
exalted ruler of the Colorado Springs
lodge, is the prime mover in the project.
COLORADO SPRINGS, May 9.-Presi
dent McKinley is eligible for membership
in the Elks, having regularly been elected
to the order. He has not yet been initi
ated, and it Is the Intention of the Colo
rado SDrings lodge of the order to put
antlers upon the President of the United
States during his stay in the Springs, if
it can possibly be arranged.
They Desire to Confer the
Degrees of the Order
Upon Visiting President
The committee has. directed Sheriff W.
P. Taylor to take full charge at Sausalito
and along the route to be traveled.
COLORADO ELKS
PREPARE ANTLERS
President A. W. Foster of the North Pa
cific Coast Railroad has provided free a
special car to iun from Novato to Tibu
ron on the morning of the 16th to pick up
the school children along the line of the
road. At Tlburon Mr. Foster will provide
a steamer to take them to Sausalito.
At Mill Valley the Presidential party
wjll board a special train provided by the
Mount Tamalpais Railroad Company and
commence the ascent of the mountain.
The run up will occupy one hour and ten
minutes. It is calculated that the party
will arrive at the summit at 11:30. This
will allow about one hour and a half for
the President to view the scenery and
partake of the luncheon provided for the
party. All of this is according to the ar
rangements made by the Marin County
McKinley reception committee. The com
mittee is composed as follows: Judge F.
M. Angellotti, Robert Furlong. C. J.
Dowd, H. J. Crumpton. M. D.; J. W. Pew,
Hon. A. W. Foster, Hon. J. B. Stetson,
Com. C. H. Harrison and Captain. H. A.
Gorley.
SAN RAFAEL, May 9.— When President
McKinley visits Marin County he will be
greeted at the Sausalito depot by over
1000 # school children drawn up on both
sides of the building. The President will
be escorted through the depot to a plat
form, where Superior Judge F. M. Angel
lotti will deliver the address of welcome.
The President will reply, and after an es
timated delay of about ten minutes the
party will take a special train for Mill
Valley.
and a Half at the Tav
ern and on the Summit
President Will Have Hour
MARIN COUNTY
AND TAMALPAIS
PETITION IN INSOLVENCT.-E. A. En
gleberg, salesman, San Francisco, filed a peti
tion in - insolvency yesterday in • the United
States District Court. - He owes $3750 63 and
has $200 assets.
Six furlongs, selling— Sam H. Cochran won
Baauty Book second. Donald Bain third. Time*
1:18%.
Four and a half furlongs— Penticost won,
Fred Orglll second, Golden Glitter third. Time
:57«4.
Handicap, six furlonss — Ben Mac d'Hut won.
Senator Beveridgre second. The Star of Bethle
hem third. Time, 1:18^.
One mile, selling— Tekla won, Pat Garrett
second. Gawaine third. Time, 1:47%.
Five furlongs— Survive won. Bessie Macklln
second. Suave third. Time. 1:03.
Four and a half furlongs, selling — Docile S
won. Miss Galnes second. Miss Charlie third.
Time, :5&
CHICAGO, May 9.— Worth summary:
Four and a half furlong? — Magic won. Chan
son second. April third.. Time. :3S 3-5.
Five and . a half furlongs — Hylo won, Lake
vllle Belle second, Canova third. Time. 1:09.
Five and a half furlongs— Maggie Davis won.
Rival Dare second, Our Lizzie third. Time,
1:08 3-5.
. Mile and seventy yards — Operator won. Henry
Bert second. Dorothy Lee third. Time, 1:45 4-5.
Mile and 100 yards— The Conqueror II won,
Caviar second. Strangest third. Time, 1:47 1-5.
One mile, selling— Debrlde won. Plead second,
Emma C L third. Time, 1:43.
CINCINNATI. May 9.— Newport summary:
Six furlongs— Metoxen won, Margaret Hoff
man second. Old Phil third. Time. 1:17%.
Six furlongs— Patchwork won, Charlie Daniels
second. Tamarack third. Time, 1:16.
Five and a half furlongs^ — Zanone won, Fo
neda second. Imperialist third. Time. l:03U.
One mile, selling— Algie M won. Castine sec
ond, A Winner third. Time, 1:42.
Four furlongs— Wanlnta won, Cubanite sec
ond. Queen Frieze third. Time. :50.
Six furlongs, selling — Prince Esher won.
Oconee second, Nekarnis third. Time, 1:14%.
Sues Jockey Club.
LOUISVILLE. May 9.— T. P. Hayes
filed suit to-day in. the Circuit Court for
$50,000 damages against the Ne<f Louis
ville Jockey Club. The suit Is based on
the action of the Western Jockey Club in
declaring Hayes' horses outlaws. Hayes,
in I hi3 petition. sa.ys that the Louisville
Jockey Club 13 a member of the "Western
Jockey Club, which organization, he al
leges, is a conspiracy to control racing In
the West and South. By rule 208 owners
that race on tracus not members of the
"Western Jockey Club are barred from its
tracks.* Hayes says he- raced at LlttJe
Rock and Nashville, and was therefore
outlawed.
Aged Santa Cruz woman Daad.
SANTA CRUZ, May 9.— Mrs. Guada
loupe Rodriguez, who was born -hers
eighty-eight years ago and lived in this
city ever since, died to-day. She leaves
a largo family of children, grandchildrea
and great-srrandchUdrea.
NEW YORK. May 9.— Morris Park summary:
Six furlongs — Isla won, Margraviate- second.
Katherina third. Time. 1:15%.
The Harlem, one mile, selling— Hammock
won. Animosity second, The Regent third.
Time, 1:43%.
Five furlong3 — Port Royal won. Friar Tabor
second, Locke* third. Time, 1:01%.
Four and a half furlongs— Amiclta won.
Sweet Clover second. Champagne third. Time,
Crotona handicap, six furlongs— King Lief
won. Belle of Lexington second. The Musketeer
third. Time. 1:15.
One mile— Bonnibert won. Dr. Barlow second.
Sidney Lucas third. Time. 1:42%.
ST." LOUIS, May 9.— Fair grounds summary:
Six furlongs, selling 1 — Mona B •won, Barrica
second, Nance O'Neil third. Time. 1:2C%.
Five furlonss, purse— Otis won. King Daly
second. Old Hutch third. Time, 1:04"^.
One mile, selling— Hurry wen. Satin Coat
second. Saline third. Time. 1:49.
Five furlongs— Helen Print won. Miss Dora
second. Balance All third. Time, 1:05.
Six furlongs— Wax Taper won. Sue Johnson
second. Lady Curzon- third. Time, 1:17.
One mile, selling — Domsie won. Swordsman
second. Bequeath third. Time. 1:48.-
LOUISVILLE, May 9.— Churchill Downs sum-
Money Winners of a Day on Five
.7 of the Big Courses.
RESULTS OF RACING
: U$$-\ ON EASTERN" TRACKS
ATLANTIC CITY, N. J., May 9.— The
intercollegiate golf games to-day for the
medal championship on "the Northfield
links opened with twenty-eight starters,
Harvard and Yale being represented by
seven, Princeton and Columbia • six and
the University of Pennsylvania two. In
the qualifying round this afternoon be
tween the leading sixteen the features
wore the defeat, of Percy Pyne. the pres
ent champion, -by -James F. Curtis, the
intercollegiate champion of 1SS8, when he
beat John Reid on the Ardsley links. Cur
tis won by three up and two to. play.
Harry Collins Jr., the Harvard crack, who
was looked upon as possible champion,
was beaten" by Meyer of Yale, who has
been ¦ astonishing all by his' long drives.-
The score was two up and one to play.
T. W. Robertson of Tale, beat A. M.
Brown of Harvard by one up. In nineteen
holes, and C. H. LInsley of Harvard beat
John G. Bales of Columbia by one .up. :
Intercollegiate ,Golf .
MILWAUKEE. May 9. — Owen pitched a good
game until a ball from Friel's bat struck his
hand in the eighth inning, and after that the
home team batted him hard, winning out In
the ninth lnnlngr. Attendance, 1000. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Milwaukee 7 14 1
Detroit .., 6 14. 3
Batteries— Reidy, Husting and Leahy; Owen
and Buelow.
CLEVELAND, May- 9. — Earl Moore, Cleve
land's new pitcher, held the Chlcagoa for
nine Innings without a hit and only save one
base on balls. Attendance, 400. Score:
Clubs— „>/ R. H. E.
Cleveland 2 6 2
Chicago 4 2 0
Batteries— Moore and Wood; Katoll and Sul
livan. ;
BOSTON, May 9.— Boston won ; to-day by
bunching hits -with the Athletics* errors. Cap
tain Lnjole wa» -benched by the umpire for
protesting too vigorously in the first half of.
the first inning. Attendance, S500. Score:
Clubs— '¦*/. It. H. B.
Boston 9 8 2
Athletics '... 3 9 3
Batteries— Cuppy and Criger; Fr&zer . and
Powers.
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
CINCINNATI, May 9.— Breitensteln lasted
but one Inning against his old comrades. Sud
hoff wa3 hit hard but was lucky. Hahn had
the visitors at his mercy throughout. . At
tendance. 1800. Score:
Clubs— R. . H. E.
Cincinnati 9' 14 2
St. Louis 3 9 3
Batteries — Hahn, Peltz and Bergen; Breiten
steln, SudhoU and Schrlver. Umpire — Ernslie.
CHICAGO, May 9.— Errors by Chicago at
critical stages, two bases on balls and a few
well placed hits gave Plttsburg an easy game
to-day, the fourth straight. Attendance, 300.
Score: . *
Clubs— : R. H. E.
Chicago 19 4
Plttsburg 8 12 2
Batteries— Menefee and Kling; Phillppi and
Zlmmer. Umpire — Dwyer.
[ NEW YORK, May 9.— Philadelphia-New York
game was postponed on account of rain.
BOSTON. May 9.— Pittinger pitched a splen
did game for Boston to-day, striking out seven
men ond allowing only one man base on balls.
Attendance, 2000. Score:
Clybs— R. H. E.
Boston .*. ..'6 8 1
Brooklyn 2 7 2
Batteries— PI tting-er and Klttredge; HcCann
and McGulre. Umpire — Nash. . »
the Several Cities of the
Elast.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE.
Results of the Diamond Contests in
BASEBAiLL GAMES OF
TWO RIVAL LEAGUES
tion to attend the annual encampment
campflre and banquet which the Grand
Army of the Republic veterans will send
President McKlnley is now being made.
It is probably the most unique of all the
thousands of invitations he has received
in the course of hl3 present tour. It Is a
handsomely polished abalone shell of very
exceptional coloring and about ten inches
across at its widest point. This will be
mounted on a slab of Monterey cypress
In the. rough, and across the face of the,
shell will be engraved the words of the
invitation. The entire design is extremely
artistic and particularly appropriate . to
this locality. „ _¦ .
MONTEREY, May ¦ 8.— The reception
which Monterey will give the President
will be very appropriate, and while as
beautiful and elaborate as it can be made
will be devoid of all bombast and striving
after effect at the expense of good taste.
It will be arranged with a view to take
as little of the illustrious guests time as
possible, for the citizens are mindful that
the stop here is 'more for rest than enter
tainment. . ' , , .. ,.
The President will enter the old town
from the Del Monte side in a carriage
drawn by six bay horses,. the remainder of
the party following in six-In-hand drags,
and passing up Taylor. street to view the
old Washington Hotel, it will cross the
plaza Into Alvarado street. At th6 head
of Alvarado street he will be met by the
pupils of the public and parochial schools.
500 in all, 'and the children will precede his
carriage,, strewing ' roses along his path.
Arriving at : Franklin street the children
will pass through the cypress .arch and,
separating into two lines, will stand fac
fng the .President and will sing "TheStar-
Spangled Banner" as he passes under the
ai The arch the framework of which is
now being erected, will be thirty feet high
JST the entire width of the street. > The
base will be of calla lilies and the arch
itself with its cross-beams will be of
Monterey cypress, surmounted by clusters
of California ferns, from the midst of
which will fly handsome silk flags. Across
the top will be the words "Welcome to
Our^ President" in. yellow eschscholtzias.
A Dretty surprise ¦ for .the President ' will
be a gentle shower of the golden petaU or
Grand Army Veterans
and Hotel Del Monte
Management Planning
PACIFIC GROVE, May 9.— The Invita-
"On Saturday evening Governor Nash,
who is a thirty-second degree Mason, will
attend the Mission Lodge of Masons and
witness the ceremony of burning the pald
off hall mortgage of the lodge.
"On Sunday afternoon Governor Nash
and the Misses Deshler will go to San
Jose to attend the ceremonies there on
the arrival of the President. At San Jose
they will be entertained by Mr. and Mrs.
S. F. Leib at their residence on the Ala
meda.
"The other members of the Ohio party
will remain in this city and on Sunday
morning will attend the services at the
Greek church in a body.
"Governor Nash Is a man of about 60
years urbane, pleasant, quiet, and makes
an excellent impression wherever he goes.
"The Congressional party in charge of
General Charles Dick arrived and made
the first stop at Lios Angeles. The Con
gressmen are in the best of spirits and
apparently very much pleased,/ They
were met by the members of the Califor
nia delegation yesterday. Their itinerary
is not definitely arranged, but they will
probably leave Los Angeles an hour or
two after the President and follow him
along his entire trip up the coast. Con
gressman John Dalzell of Pennsylvania
and Congressman Joy of Missouri, who
are at Los Angeles, will come up with the
Ohioans." ".
ABALONE SHELL
FOR INVITATION
egation of natives of the Buckeye State
will meet him and escort him to the Pal
ace Hotel.
May 9.— The Philadelphia
will participate in the splendid electrical
marine display in* San Francisco ,¦ harbor
at the reception of the President. The
hull, mast, smokestacks, "yards and flag
staffs of the ' ship have been- completely
outlined in electric lights and the vessel's
name *will- i be emblazoned on -.the ship's
sides in letters of light six feet high.
The pupils of the public and 1 private
schools of San Mateo and vicinity will be
at the railway station in proper order to
receive the party.
•The committee is actively at work pre
paring plans for elaborate decorations
along the line tc be traveled by the party.
Streamers of the national colors and ever
greens will line -either side of the various
streets traversed, and these . will be In
terspersed with other decorations.
Philadelphia in Marine Display.
At a joint meeting of this committee and
Joseph D.. Grant and F. S. Moody, the
committee in charge of the arrangements
at Burlingame, definite . plans were -laid
out for the reception. The Presidential
party will arrive at 12 o'clock on the 14th
and. will be met at the station by, a large
number of coaches and will . be driven
through the grounds of Alvinza Hayward,
Walter S. Hobart, John Parrott and Mrs.
A. M. Parrott," and returning will pass
through San Mateo to Uplands and Bur
lingame, where a reception will be held
at the residence of Henry T. Scott, fol
lowed by a luncheon at the Burlingama
Club. v ,:-V-' :
SAN MATEO. May 9.— The citizens of
San Mateo are making great preparations
for the reception of the Presidential party
on the 14th. A committee of seven has
been appointed to make all arrangements
in connection with the event. The com
mittee is composed as follows : t John Mor
ton, president; R. H. Jury, secretary;
Charles M. Morse, Charles N.. Kirkbride,
E. A. Husing, J. T. Jennings and John
H. Coleman.
Kinley Through Its Park
like Residence Grounds,
San Mateb to Show Mc-
COUNTRY DRIVE
FOR PRESIDENT
The lobby and main corridor of the
house and the front entrance will-be dec
orated with the National colors Inter
mingled with a profusion of flowers and
growing plants.
The Presidential train will arrive here at
2 a.' m. on Saturday, May 11, and the party
will, it Is now expected, remain on board
till about 8:30 o'clock, at which time they
will proceed to the hotel for breakfast.
- At Hotel del Monte the preparations for
the President's visit are well under way.
One floor of the .west annex will be placed
at the disposal of the President and his
party, and one of the smaller dining
rooms, capable of seating about sixty per
sons, will be prepared for the exclusive
use of the party during the stay here
should it be desired. Manager Junker Is
now waiting to hear definitely as to the
wishes of the President in this regard.
All the streets of both towns through
which the President will pass will be
elaborately decorated, and the framework
for many designs is already in place.
The reception committee of this town
has decided upon going to Hotel del
Monte and paying its respects to the
President there before ke starts on the
trip around the drive, instead of stopping
him in Monterey and presenting an ad
dress of welcome. under the cypress arch,
as was at first planned.
Passing on through the streets of the
old town the President will be met on his
way around the seventeen-mile drive by
the school children of Pacific Grove wich
flowers and song, but as he is to visit
Pacific Grove in the afternoon no other
demonstration will be made at this time.
the eschscholtzla from the top of the arch
as he passes under. This will be arranged
by a simple mechanical device and will, it
is believed, be one of the prettiest effects
of the entire affair.
General John M. Gleaves, president of
the Ohio Society, will remain with the
party until it arrives here. In regard to
the . plans for the reception of the Ohio
party Mr. Jordan said last evening: *
. "We have decided upon a programme
for Governor Nash for the time prior to
celebration week in this city. He will
leave L<os Angeles to-night and to-morrow
night will stop -at the Hotel del Monte
Early; Saturday ' morning the Governor's
party will start for San Francisco, ar
riving here at about noon. The Ohio;So
ciety reception committee and a large del-
Upon the. arrival of the party" in San
Francisco they -will be escorted to the
Palace Hotel and an informal reception
given them in, the hotel rotunda by the
members of . the Ohio Society. , -
W. H.. Jordan, vice president of the Ohio
Society, returned from Los Angeles yes
terday, bringing with him the information
that Governor Nash's party will reach
San Francisco to-morrow at 10:30 o'clock.
The Ohioans left Los Angeles last night'
but will spend to-night at Del Monte. '
Ohioans on Their Arri
val To-Morrbw Morning
Informal Reception for
The Information as to respective stations of
the different schools will be furnished to the
department by means of a circular which will
be sent out from the office of the board at
once. It is the desire of the board that a
strong: appeal be made to the people of San
Francisco to give the school children the rleht
of way on the particular morning. It is their
day and will be declared a school holiday In
honor of the event, and the board trusts that
the adult population will aid in every possible
way in securins to the children the pleasure
of seeing the nation's chief magistrate. -
GOVERNOR NASH
'yK ON WAY NORTH
The children will be assembled at their -re
spective schools at 9 o'clock on the moraine of
the 17th, and marched under the escort of their
teachera to points to be designated aloijr both
eldes of Van Ness avenue, between Jackson
and Market streets. The entire length of Van
Ness avenue, between these two streets will
tje roped on both sides, and it is the intention
to have the children placed in ranks, with the
smaller children in front, in order that all
may attain an uninterrupted view of the Presl
dential party.
The ¦ ' President and party will leave the
Crocker residence at about 10 o'clock on the
morning of Friday, May 17. and drive by way
of Jackson street to Van Ness avenue thence
down Van Ness at a slow pace as far as Mar
ket street, and turning, will proceed back to
Golden Gate avenue and out Golden Gate to
the park.
The Board of Education has issued a
statement of the plan for the school chil
dren's greeting to President McKlnley.
The plan, which has the approval of
Irving / M. Scott and Henry J. Crocker,
whose' coach will occupied by the Presi
dent, is as follows:
See the President Pass
Pupils Are to Be Formed
in Ranks, on Avenue to
Builders' Exchange, $100; California Street
Cable Railroad Company. 510O; W. T. Smith
& Co., $25; J. Dewing Company, $10; George
Morrow & Co., $5; Al Gerberding & Co., $5;
M. Blum & Co., $5; Gauthier Brothers, J5;
Joseph Rosenberg, $5; E. A. Brusse, $5; A. B.
Costigan, $5: E. H. Aigeltinger, $5; P. Me-
Gulre, $5; Wllfert Brothers, $5; T. V. Cator,
$5; Brunswick-Balke Company, $5: cash $5-
W. S. Townsend, $5; Palace Hardware Com
pany, $3: Wheeler & Wilson Company, $5;
Sterett Printing Company, $5; Edison Phono
graph Company Agency. $5; George Fairchild,
$5; King- Keystone Oil Company, $5; N. H
Frank, $5; F. C. Schernstein, $5; Louis Roesch
$5; A. Berta Company, $5; Brown & Power, $5-
Pacific Microscope Materials Company, $5-
Frank Eastman & Co.. $5: San Francisco Col
lateral Loan Bank, $5; L. Demartini Supply
Company, $5; T. C. Judkins, $5; Hon. T B
McFarland, $5; Scott & Gilbert, $5; Marshall-
Teggert Company, $5; John R. Hansen & Co
$5; W. A. von der Neinberg, $5; Thomas H
Shaw. $5: Louis Arguier. $5; Prlngle & Prin
gle, $5; Ashton & Gardiner. $5; Napthaly
Friedenrich & Ackerman, $5; Parker & Tarbox
$3; J. W. Boyce, $3; D. E. Allison & Co. $5
total, $450. ' * '
HOLIDAY GIVEN '
PUBLIC SCHOOLS
The executive council of finance ac
knowledges the receipt of the following
additional subscriptions .up to 12 m. yes
terday:
Henry J. Crocker will have charge of
the coaching trip through Golden Gate
Park and to the ocean beach Friday
morning and of the luncheon at the Cliff
House. The luncheon will be partaken of
on the broad glass-enclosed veranda and
the tables will be set on the side facing
toward the seal rocks and the open sea.
There will be music while the party is at
table. The members of the committee will
take pains to point out the various places
of interest and the seals will do their part
toward making their presence on the
rocks known.
The men of the Union Iron Works are
determined to maintain the marine ship
building supremacy of the coast, signal
ized by the building of the Charleston, the
San Francisco and the Oregon. They are
proud of their work and propose to em
phasize in their lusty way what Califor
nia labor can produce. The posting of the
notices was greeted with cheers. Commit
tees were appointed to arrange details.
Men that build fighting warships will do
honor to the President.
A general holiday has been extended to
the employes of the Unjion Iron Works
for Saturday, May 18, pursuing the policy
that has heretofore obtained when one of
Uncle Sam's battleships is launched. , No
tices to this effect have been posted
throughout the yards that employes might
be assured of adding with untrammeled
hours honors to the President.
A workman coolly ascending the slender
pole surmounting the ferry depot tower
and, attaching and incandescent
globes to the gilt ball surmounting
it, attracted the gaze of, thousands
yesterday. Paris Kilburn of the Har
bor Commissioners ¦ knd the committee
on decorations give their word that the
Illumination of the tower will excel.any
thing that has been attempted there. The
current wire will be turned on at the City
Hall to-night at 8 o'clock and at the ferry
depot at 9 o'clock to test the wiring and
the lights. . • _• ¦ ¦ .
Word has been received by the reception
committee from Secretary Cortelyou that
it is desired that the committee meet the
President at Burllngame. At first the in
tention was to meet him. there, but later
tliis was changed and ' the committee
planned to meet the honored guest at the
Third and Townsend street depot. Now
this will be changed in accordance with
the President's' wish. ¦ ¦?¦¦.
The reception committee consints of the
members of ¦ the executive committee,
Mayor Phelan, General Shafter, Collector
of Customs Stratton, Postmaster Mon
tague, Surveyor of the Port Joseph S.
Spear Jr., President Hays of tne South
ern Pacific and Judge Seawell.
A large model of a battleship, represent
ative of the Ohio, v/as placed over the en
trance to the Emporium yesterday. Many
business house fronts are being wired tor
electric displays and flags and bunting
are beginning to lend color to visitors.
Some comment has been made over the
apparent slovyiess of business houses to
decorate for the President's visit and of
the committee on decoration to carry out
its plans for beautifying the streets. But
the delay is only apparent. The street dec
orations are in the main made' up ready to
be placed In position as late as possible
so that they mav bo ¦ fresh ; and bright
when the distinguished guests ; arrive.
Business men generally have their decora
tions planned out and when once they be
gin putting them In -place much laudable
rivalry may be expected. : • • •• •
Illuminations
Are to Be
Tried.
Making Ready
for Chiefs
Visit.
THE^SAIST FKAJN CISCO CAXjL, FRIDAY, MAY .1O,» 1901.
mary:
5
....^;..jJ5L^JES?S™l____...j..;;, THE EMPOBIUM. | THE EMPOBIUM. I THE EMPOBIUM.
I Silk Sale to-Day— $t.00 Poplins 69c, 75c Taffetas 59c. %
JJ It is ah indisputable fact that the big- store has made during the last few weeks some of the test silk offerings J
g that San Francisco has ever known, and ?oweli satisfied' have our customers been in the past that tha. mere %
j£ annodncement of a Silk Sale at the Emporium throngs the Dry Goods section with eager buyers. The Poplins that .we offer to-day arc being retailed alt over •*
g town and regularly here at $i.oo per yard. In this lot there are about 8oo yards, 19 and 20 inches wide, in such good colors as reds, browns /g* g> "?
ft, 3 navy, magenta, purple, gray, garnet, roya 1 , castor, etc.; rich, briliant farsa silk, made especially for waists and dresses. To-day only, per yard &%&G *
$ The Black Tatteta is 1 23 inches w.de; the natural finish Swiss Taffetas; fine, lustrous silk that will make elegant linings and rufflings; our regular 75c £»£> -*
|C quality; on special sale to-day only, per yard. ........ -. . ." &&C 5
I Trimmest Hats Suits Worth $17.50 and $20 a Big sate of {
l$B, $6, $7, $8, for Eiewet* Forty-Five. w »»S f^£r MS ~- J £
I ito-A*/ * The very b " t; Also little b °y s ' Wm suits for 'fo98, men's pants for EK" &-?. 12^ $k 5
g smartest Iot of If y° u are interested in these bona fide r. argains in good « r - mra =d with us£ 5|L 'J
S -^ - trimmed hats you clothing, to be given by^ the big store Friday and Satur- banca and 6^^ w *h /^§?\ *
imBHB w >«««"•» day. read on. BTX t "£2 i^T )\ I
* llPfe>*¥ ou r own making; /^ M cn » s $17.50 and 520.00 Suits $11.45— Made mdton, psbb'e and «- ~:xJM 5
% lH <'/ from, our own jpiP ° f high-grade ve'our cas imeres, che\ iot and fancy ik^i , cJlevl ' otJ » » ' • A\\ 3»
*»* £ *"v workrooms, ' and' r^*Jf worsteds; the coirrct sty'e to wear just now; made Jh sica nav 7» o a ck» tan and " I V4 ••
*° ' are fresh and un- and trimmed as ; only high-grade garments are turne'l *U J0 btovra; new Airing m/ I M jf
S BfcfitfSl 'i ji , " out by competent tailors: a largs asscrtment to chocs; vP^NL and sJJc - lined / 1 £
«¦ J6UWA, hand led;, never ¦ f W> (\ from^this special offer is - ' _ _ dUU^ jadect; aU gi 2;S ; rrgu- I \ \
% before snown; no better hats have -, ; V »\ positively fcr Friday and &£faf? £uL*% Al TM \ -arly $16.50 and Ji8 ; /' \ £
£ V been sold at several dollars more. ' " .-.¦*- /XL \ - Saturdav only.. ..;..... B U B *fT«JP / W&? \ to-« a/ and to-morrow /> I S
* •n 1 t-« -j j c' . j ' I *¦=") ' — ¦ / ; tIT * \ (Fncayand Saturday) / \ \ Jt
g Foar lots; £d Sautfday , ; . //^^ Pams jus.Madc ex.ra strong a nd qdl J * '_ - n lMhXA $
& a &&9 vO > $?#, &Q < a rr— IV/ in good style from wool cheviots in b.'ack ani dark JL-HTj *&) 3 dim M %Jf SJf! x^^*«a^'y >^' \ f
X Ch'ldren's r:al Mexican Sombreros at cut <*h y ~V Y mixtufes; another pa T r free if th:y r.p; cannot be du- W t JJ ' X ik % JS *
§ / prices. ... Jr^^^T plicated for less than $2.00; .*..- _ ._ A \ I * PCTCOle Wrap- \m
«T 5 OC Straw Sombreros, cut to 3Q C f\. \ -special for Friday and Satur- ©? ff /«[ g£ A \ pers, $1.10 — New ? '«,
£ 75c S:raw Sombreros, cut to..... ...... SOO WU { 1 / day only... L7 V" TC3lc aad Wn wrapper* lined *
l^oZ^SHn^ III B» y ,. $5 .oo Sili ,or.rV«,c sS u iB ,,98_ f/U J
¦J .HJ/HUUaEKjl VlfOco \\ \\ These suits are a wonderful va u:, made of very fine LJ M colors, deep flounce; ail sizes; regularly ti. -o- •*
°5 &2m3&a - \\ ' \\ grade of strictly all-wool materak, either in the popu- /sh^^ ' to-day and to-morrow (Friday _ ' «
Jf- *T . . ¦ . . \\ \\ <f lar vestee suit or sailer b'cuse style, the latter with £S^ and Saturday) SI mm O JK
¦J* \^**^\ entering special offer .- .11 'i^sL( deep w ? lor co lars, trimmed wi*h six rows of . ¦ jf
K t0 e ac^ es f° r friday and 1) /^o) scutache braid; sizes fcr boys 3 to 8 years; on Ca J£^ 5?S/© GZ SiH {SrSSi^S **
X V . v\l 'Saturday only: , ., J!^ ... special £ ale for Friday and Saturday only W&Sh DrCSSCS *
* 1 f^A«*. Ladies' Tan. Vici Kid Young Men's $7.50 Suits $i95 — Sizes for youths 12 to 19 years; material Just at the time of tao jt
j. I j^^^- L3 j e • "t' "j* £ty j Sh tCC strictly all-wool cheviots and ca;sim:res, in a variety of th's season's pat- j&h JS 0% Jgj» . jfy^h year when you need them 3f
« (X /if/f^^C: ¦ u "if ; hand ' turned so - es » ttrnsand colorings, that will plrass young m;n; perfectly made and well s£-~ $L wt, we offer a' special '2
' VI : "'"* • ' trimmed; £7. 50 is the regu'ar price for such a suit; Friday and Saturday " /^CTX sale, Fr'day and Saturday %
I lifl^^illP^^ Fancy ShiHs B7A Speciai Saie of /i«J £ SLXS^T*
I V a=a £^, | 3 h - 5.-^1; We have several _* Q B fflS^ & «/J|?//©S, M *"*T'. f ' S
\%. dzesand widths; to-day anl ->_ broken . .lots- ¦ -of A lew extra (pedal* for opening of .the /7>£*&\ • * * " 5 " " 5
\t£ to-morrow . &Mim3>€f ., stiff bosom fancy E^^^ Camtra searon, to introduce yoa once more I I x \\Sv\ 1 ?* - e 't. • v Jt
* Shirts, about 350 to our extensive, thoroughly equipped camera /// • l\?t\\ Style 2 is of _ crash; with "^
t GSSGSS GrOCeHeS in all; Shht3 tnat department.' Mil U V^J or Mue denim on yoke t «
S Cheap To-Day. -'-^^gl W4-I «f i J '«>-- - I
*1 Bacon— B«t Eastern Sugar Cured; lean, trcak- man ufactuers— \||f|l«| Prinfng Frames— All sizes up to 4x5, r?gu- perca.e with polka dots; #
*=, fastbacon;the l8cquaity; tj-day anr.ong them a Y«iWftWll\ lar y 15c; special to-day 12c \H yo«, coDais and cuffs of ,*
K onv, lb B&' 2 G lot ot S^ar Brand W»l|tMl\ 4x5 Tray S, regu'arly 15c; special to-dz Y ~120 ft^ whi e^pque .j
X Castile Soap— The best imported; Virgen Shirts which us- Vml»%«lv\\\ Emporium Developing and Printing Outfit. , . Styie 4 « ot poUa dotted 5,
I! brand; regu'ary 3 oc; 500 bars on y; on ua% seU lor $z XWkMTOMM regu'any $1. 00; social to-day 78O «ash; joke and cufFi bnidmmmed .J
|> special *a"e to-day, per bar 22G "di; some of rallflttli — These gocdj are brand new, this season s sty. e, .J
»" Whole Whjst Flour— The beitquaity; 10-lb. them last season's TOSMll SiSP'CSai Safe having left New York by freight April aoth; »|
*f sacks; regularly 45c; to-day 2Oc make, but most mll»lM\ «TH^«* ¦«#,***,»• pnees for your choice of the tour styles, Fri- T,
|» Evaporated Peaches— Choice quality; to-day of them this \WWlfS* W 10*61 ififaf*?** cay and Saturday only: X
jj» its 25C year's up-to-c'ate 1 *^ Our special brand of Violet Toilet Age3 4, 6 and 8 years $1.25 5
*° Catsup— Gulden Rule; regu'arly' 20; a bo:tle; patterns, in new . Water, a true and very lasting /^ Age3 10, 12 and 14 years. $1 5J *<«
K to-day, a bottles 25O colorings, all with separate cuffs to match, violet oc"or, size and quaky equal %ij tull ling of nito Sf ring Jackets for children. X
jf English Breakfast Tea — Good quality; lb... which we will place on special sa'e to dose to any 50c vio!et water that is r-*j .. ~Z ~^Z <«ffi "5
35C out > Fr i da y an;1 Saturday only, e%*y made; to introduce we will put on- II r sLZSIUl T2 13 2*Ttf tSat^S 2m%$Gm *<J
K Thomas Taylor Whiskey — To-day, cach OmC sale Friday 500 battles only of fL4 5oo Laundry Bags of an titra good quaTity &
K bottle • fi9r» ' '^ e 4' ounce " z; » P lr 9S f/~ —^\ denim; an extra large she (21x35 inches); X
f|^,&g$ra^p2g /, Pictures f5o, • ZSc fL^y Sf^Lt^t":* '$
s «, ch*^ j, S o . 6 , n o^o- a 2*£'3- -rS-^SSTS Playing Cards Wo Wm »? >•+* »f *-*,£-* W™ |
g Dom.sfePirW-R^tolyji.Vs'Ttec^ «,mpl t , d. c »Ho nc F.V i. i» ,1. «,»» ,000 pack, of Imjori™ , E.™ 8 S Jl?Frid» S ' °° Z9g i
S special to-day only Q5o ot one mat, with two fine horse heads, one Cards; highly finished, wa er- - fOjK^ J y mm**^
ft. on each side. The subjects include land- ; proof cards with» photograph cf J -^^jT *%W Aim* "5
«/ StfCCtaf Safe ¦ scapes, .-animal, pastoral and religious themes. Emporium on backs; th; same vk-__ J •*»»" O* y^
fc° g+iamh f3a#0C* The full siz: 8x20 inches, heavily matted, grade as the regu'ar 35c card; ~y ftfffCS %})££$ $37* tf 23 Jfm •*
X %aiUSW a&t$Sm w ;th oval and square bevel openings; -_* •' on special sale to-day, Friday only, Every boy knows what the K : ng Air R'fle is «
J These bags are Friday only, each MOC p:r pack iHJG jj
H J^_&*^^^^_ made of heavy water- : ~" : 1 ~~~ ] '¦ ' [ * >^^^
2C ' ' "" worth one-half more m ttjji wtmWaiP*^ S^w'^ $1-00; to-morrow (Saturday), because that °S
p* than to day'* special prices. Wflk Wp*^&% m -«r»v ra <tf^k )qF|| h tbe day that the bep are away from school *nj
ti 10 and 1 r inch sires 62C jpS»* $fcB(Z$]& Ji tfffi^P^ && H^L-B3 W^^ P^J?5^ T^.tf^ 1^^-^!^ ' an<^ can comc down and buy them, we offe.- X
I loi^aniliinch.';;::::^::;;::;;!!© California's largest-America's grandest store ibo^T^Jlzk^ch^.^SSG '%
This picture serves to illustrate the Dunlap Crusher — a soft hat
Ithat is quite popular among the ypung men for driving, riding,-
walking. on outings, or, in fact, for everyday wear. The hat com-
bines style with utility and is most reasonably priced — that is, at ' -
our store. The colors are black, brown, cedar, pearl and mixed
steel; price,
$1.30
Also Derbys, Fedoras and Graecos at the same price in all the
popular colors.
Out-of-town orders filled— write us.
718 Market Street. ISpecial information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th«
Press CUpQing Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c a
pound, in flre-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market, Palace Hotel building.*
Best eyeglasses, specs, 10c to 40c Look
out 81 4th, front of barber and grocery. •
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lt> at Townsend's.*
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
THAT MAN'S FATHER— A. G. M..
City. The expression "That man's father
was my father's son" is so simple of ex
planation that there Is hardly any occa
sion ."for argument pro and con for a
week without arriving at any satisfactory
conclusion." For instance, if aman points
to his own son and says. "That mans
father " he means himself, and when ne
adds "was my father's son" he refers to
his own father.
WAR TAX-Subscriber, City. The law
on war tax on conveyance is as follows:
Conveyance, deed, instrument or writing
whei eby any lands, tenements or other realty
sold shall be granted, assigned, transferred or
otherwise conveyed to or vested In the pur
chaser or purchasers or other person by hi»
or her or their direction, when the considera
tion or value exceeds J10O or does not e*c«*d
$500, 50 cents: and for each additional SoOO or
fractional part thereof In excess of *o00, oO
cents.
A BIG ESTATE— W. M., Boston, Mass.
On the 1st of December, 1S95, there was
published in the San Francisco papers a
dispatch from Brockton, Mass., announc
ing that John Hilton of Campobello, a
suburb of that place, would In a short
time leave for San Francisco to secure
his portion of an estate, valued at ?15,0OO,
000 left by his uncle, who died but a
short time before. This department has
not been able to discover that any man
died in San Francisco, or in any part or
California, leaving an estate valued at the
sum named.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 9.-The fol
lowing Californiana arrived to-day and
registered at the Raleigh: Louis O'Neil.
J D Mackenzie and Misa Mackenzie of
San Jose; J. Friedlander and wife of San
Francisco. At the Arlington: W. D.
Clark of San Francisco.
CALIFOKNIANS IN WASHINGTON
NEW TORK, May 9.— The following
Calif ornians are in New Tork: From San
Francisco- D. Dorward. at Hoffman;
Miss Greyson. at Grand Lnlon;
j H Mee and Miss Mee, at Hol
land- ' Mrs. L. E. Spear, at Holland;
R, Wallace, at St. Denis; F. E. Ware, at
Bartholdl. From San Jose-Miss Beur
nan G M. Beurnan and wife, at Manhat
t££ Mrs. Schener. at Union Square.
From Los Angeles— J. Q. Dixon, at Ross
more.
CAUTOBNIANS IN NEW YOBK.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
1 The San Francisco Call.
Quaint Customs Religiously Observed in the
; Early Social Life of the. Capital
of the Nation.
COACH AND TAVERN DATS," ETC.
By .A.lio© Morse Early,
AUTHOR OF "THE SABBATH .IN PURITAN NEW ENGLAND," "STAGE
COPYRIGHT, 1901.
XII.— SOCIAX ASPECTS OF POLITICAL LIFE.
In no phase of life in the TTnited States
has so great change taken place since the
first quarter of the nineteenth century as
in what is popularly called "public life,"
especially as seen in national politics. On
the hlctory of political parties and distinct
political rchanges I" will not write, but
rather on what may bo termed the social
aspects of political life.
The Federal city had been planned, by
Major L'Enfant with great minuteness,
and he had seized ample farm lands in
Maryland. and Virginia on the banks of
the Potomac for the Distiict of Columbia.
A national church was planned to go
where the patent office now stands, de
voted to monuments, of the illustrious
dead, funeral orations and patriotic ser
mons. Between the AVhite House and the
Capitol there were to be cascades and
gardens, and public buildings and houses
for the legations But L'Enfant quarreled
and fell into disrepute and was turned out
of office. The city progressed without
him, the- States subscribed money, prizes
were given for designs for the President's
house and the Capitol and— the unfailing
resort of the day— lotteries were estab
lished to raise money. Federal lottery No.
1 was to build a "hotel"— a new French
word then being adopted instead of the
sturdy old English word "tavern," which
is to this day in many of our States the
only legal nomenclature for such great
ous and unconventional scene. Massachu
setts men were Federalists to an aston
ishing degree and hated Jefferson with
all the hatred possible in a good, narrow,
bigoted' people for one whom they be
lieved, an impious rascal. But the towns
people of Cheshire, influenced by its
preacher, Elder Iceland, were to a man
Jeffersonian Democrats. '
The elder was a sort of Baptist-Quaker
revivalist, eccentric, excitable, a ready
and persuasive speaker, a friend of Jef
ff-rron and a disciple of the broad prin
ciples of the Declaration of Independence.
The women . of Cheshire were famous
cheesemakers and the elder of the good
wives evolved the notion of a, mammoth
cheese to be sent to#the new President as
a congratulatory gift. ?The .cheese wa3
made. It was said that every cow in
town furnished curd. It was pressed in
a cider mill Iqf ten days. It was draggei
on a pledge to Hudson by four horses anil
shipped thence to Washington. .The ale'er
went with the cheese, '"preaching all the
way." The cheese was accompanied by
an address, "The Greatest Cheese in
America for the Greatest Man in Anier
irn.." A copy of this address was con
¦\ eyed to Mr.- Jefferson a day in advance
that he might prepare and write out a
reply. Then they went to the executive
mansi'm, said their speech, gave the
•cheese and heard the President's speech. It
was declared to be a "free-will offering,"
was "but a pepper-corn of their love."
and so on with much formality and pomp
FERSONAL MENTION.
United States Senator James McMillan
of Michigan arrived here yesterday in a
special car from Del Monte, accompanied
by his wife and famjly. Senator McMil
lan's home is in Detroit and he is presi
dent of the Detroit-Michigan Car Com
pany and the Detroit and Cleveland
Steam Navigation Company. He was
chairman of the Michigan State Repub
lican Committee • from 1SS5 to 1S96. The
Senator will remain here during the
President's visit and will visit the Yo
semite Valley before returning East.
Harry Stevens, A. H. Pugh and X.
Longworth, three prominent "young club
men of Cincinnati, arrived in this city
yesterday in a private car and are guests
at the Palace.
G. W. Crystal, a vlneyardist of Vaca
ville. accompanied by his wife, arrived
in the city yesterday and is staying at
the Grand.
J. F. Parks, a mining man of Jackson.
Cal., arrived In town yesterday and Is
making the Palace his headquarters.
The Rev. Robert L. > Macf arlane of Car
son City registered at' the Occidental yes
terday. *
J. B. McEwen, an .extensive shoe manu
facturer of Boston, is staying at the Pal
ace.
J. F. Edwards of Los Angeles Is at tho
Palace.
W. J. Nelson, a mining man of Mojave,
is a guest at the Grand.
E. G. Jones, a merchant of Portland,
Or., is a guest at the Palace.
¦ Frederick Searls, a mining attorney of
Nevada City, is at the Palace.
Dr. K. M. Lombard, a prominent den
tist of Point Loma, is at the Palace.
It is announced that the Czar* is- about to make a
tour of his empire, but' it, is needless to say it will not
be made on the McKinley plan. . ** ;
The Bourbons are said to be afraid of the "New
South," and yet it is a foregone conclusion it can
never hurt them half as much- as they have hurt the
"old South. . ' Sii
The Chicago university professor who was reported
to have said he had never kissed a girlin his life has
risen up and denied the report; so another attempt
to prove that learned men- are lacking in common
sense has been exploded. • . . -
Philadelphia is the natural capital of Pennsylvania.
It is to that city her people go for. trade, finance,
THE LOCATION OF CAPITALS.
BY reason of the destruction of the Capitolat
Harrisburg 'Pennsylvania finds it necessary to
provide for the construction of a new building
for her State government. A bill appropriating the
sum of $5,000,000 for that purpose is now before the
Legislature, where it is being held up pending a set
tlement of the question whether the new Capitol shall
be erected at Harrisburg or at Philadelphia. The dis
cussion is interesting because it shows that the policy
which has prevailed in the United States of locating
the seat of government in a small town rather than
in the natural capital is by no means so generally
supported as it was at the time when most of the
States were organized.
Consolidation seems to be reaching" the grand cli
macteric, for it is reported that the four grocers who
have been competing with one another at Ida Grove,
Iowa;\have formed a trust, combined their stock under
one roof and are running on the. monopoly plan. Ida
Grove is now waiting to feel. the country shake. :¦'.-¦
Timothy Mulcahy, an engineer in a
Cleveland tannery, had been bald for
years. Suddenly a little furze began to
sprcilt on his head and a few weeks later
his cranium was covered with a thick but
short growth of hair. A doctor investi
gated the matter and learned that he had
been working under a revolving belt. His
hair had been sprouted by electricity.—
Chicago Chronicle.
. The first New Year's day of Jefferson in
the White House, In 1802, saw a very curi-
This dinner of boiled beef and "greens"
and "apple slump" could scarcely have
been one on the days when the steward
LUld: "The day's provisions often cost as
much as $50." > State dinners were served
at 3 o'clock in vthe afternoon; at them
was supplied ample port and maderia. At
a state dinner in 1812 the dessert was ice
creams, ' preserves, macaroons, fruits,
nuts and raisins; when, it having reached
candle-light time, the ladies left the
table. It gave the English Minister,
Jackson, much amusement when at his
first state conference with the President
a negro servant knocked at the door and
brought in a tray amply set with punch
and seed cakes. Washington Irving at
tended a dinner at the White House in
1813 and found Mrs. Madison and her
sisters, "fine, pretty, buxom Merry Wives
of Windsor, but as to Jemmy Madison—
ah, poor Jemmy! - he is but a withered
little Apple "John."
Jefferson's Gigantic Cheese.
The round of beef of which the soup is made
is called "bouilli!" It had in the dish, spices
and something of the sweet herb and earlle
kind, and a rich gravy. It is very much boiled
and is still very good.. We had a dish with
what appeared to be cabbage much boiled:
then cut in long strings and somewhat mashed;
in the middle a large ham, with the cabbage
laid around. It looked like our country dishes
of bacon and cabbage with the cabbage mashed
up after being boiled till sodden and turned
dark. The dessert goods. much as usual, ex
cept two dishes which appeared like apple pie
in the form of the half of a muskmelon, the
flat side down, top creased deep, • th"e color a
dark brown.
Soon Mrs. Adams was gone, and Mrs.
Madison presided for the wifeless Presi
dent, Thomas Jefferson. She provided
bountiful but far from elegant dinners for
the guests of the nation. A member of
Congress who sat at the President's board
thus describes the dinner:
1 arrived here without meeting with any
accident- worth noting, except losing- ourselves
when we left Baltimore and going eight or
nine miles on the Frederick road, by which
means we were obliged to go the other eight
through the woods, where we wandered two
hours without finding a guide or • the path.
Fortunately a straggling black came up with
us and we engaged him as a guide; but woods
are all you see from Baltimore until you reach
the city, -which is only so in name. Here and
there is a small cot, without a glass window,
interspersed among the forests. In the city
there are buildings enough, if they were com
pact and finished, to accommodate Congress
and those attached to It. But as they are, and
scattered as they are, I see no great comfort
in them. The river is in full view of my win
dow and I see the vessels as they pass and re
pass. The house Is on a grand and superb
scale, requiring- about thirty servants to at
tend and keep the apartments In proper order
and perform the ordinary business of the house
and stables — an establishment very well pro
portioned to the President's salary. The light
ing of the apartments from the kitchen to
parlors and chamber is a tax indeed, and the
fires we are obliged to keep to secure us from
daily agues is another cheerful comfort. To
assist us in this great, castle bells are wholly
wanting, not one single one being hung through
the whole house. • • • Surrounded by for
ests, can you believe that wood is not to be
had, because people cannot be had to cart it!
A small part, a few cords only, has Blneseler
been aWe to get. Most of that was expended
to' dry the walls before we came in, and yes
terday the man told him it was impossible for
him to procure it to be cut and carted. He
has had recourse, to coals, but we cannot get
grates made and set. We have, Indeed, come
into a new country.
In the Days of President Jefferson.
Even by 1800 Oliver Wolcott found Wash
ington scarcely habitable. He could look
over an area nearly as great as the city
of New York and see only a few brick
kilns and temporary huts. Near the Capi
tol was the one good tavern of lottery
fame. Poor Mrs. Adams came there in
November, 1800, for her few months' stay,
and described to her daughter her sur
roundings with the brilliant pen that
made her letters an enrichment of our his
tory and literature:
A chronicler who was in Washington in
1796 declared that he would never have
known a city was intended there save for
the Capitol and the White House, or pal
ace, as it was called for some years,
which were nearly finished. There were
about 150 scattered houses, but no gar
dens, canals or bridges. There was much
talk as to the city's name. A doggerel
poem in the New York Journal ends:
To please every son of a great and free people.
Pray let it be christened plain Washingtonople.
"Washington City in 1800.
public houses as the Touraine in Boston
and the Waldorf-Astoria in New York.
For this iirst lottery 50,000 tickets were
sold at $7 each; the hotel, which was to
cost 150,000, was the first prize. The tick
ets sold so slowly that a number of
Georgetown citizens, in self-defense,
bought them all, the drawing was done
and the hotel was put up on the site now
coyered by the'postoffice. Federal lottery
No. 2 languished on account of rival lot
teries, especially those to build piers on
the Delaware, to aid the city of Paterson
and for a library for Harvard College.
In 1837 a band of Jackson Democrats
who thought Jackson ought to have ev
erything Jefferson had sent "Old Hick
ory" a mammoth cheese. After being ex
hibited in various towns and in the vesti
bule of the White House it was cut at an
afternoon reception on February 22. The
cheese ¦weighed 1400 pounds, but every one
who chose could hack, eat and carry
away; and at night but a small piece
was left for the President's consumption.
He had plenty of the cheese, however —
too much, in fact — for many a day, for
the White House furniture and the Whit--«
House carpets were slippery and redolent
of cheese, it is said, ever after during
their term of use.
of words. Every one supposed the chees*:
was a gift irom the Cheshire cames, anc
perhaps it was; but in Mr. Jefferson's
financial diary at that date is this entry:
"Gave Rev. JVIr. Leland, bearer of the
cheese of 1235 pounds, $200," which was
the rate of 16 cents a pound, the price
current for cheese being 11 cents a pound.
By which it would appear that the ele
gant, courtly, witty, distinguished eldei
came out somewhat ahead of either the
President or the Cheshire dames in this
transaction— though we know not what
use was made of his dollars. The cheese,
somewhat variegated in appearance and
quality and diminished in size, was still
at the White House parlor a year later.
"Old Hickory" Gets a Cheese Also.
J.t will be seen that when the country bank can
expand its issue in the season of demand, when busi
ness men are using their credit, and then contract it
when the demand slackens, congestion in the distant
centers will cease, and men everywhere will use their
credit and have access to the loan fund upon fairly
It is a mistake to suppose that our system of banks
of issue is nearly perfect. It was framed to meet ai
emergency. The evil of the greenback issue was im
mediately apparent 10 Mr. Lincoln, and to avert it
he advised the National banking system, which was
fairly adapted to the financial needs of the country
forty years ago. But the country has grown, while
the banking system remains nearly as it was. Then
the business of the country originated near the money
centers and had- ready access to capital. Now busi
ness is a spontaneous growth far away from those
centers, and suffers from the congestive tendencies of
capital under the operation of the National banking
law.
Congress will now do its duty if it proceed to adapt
the banking system to the vast development of the
last forty years. This will require eradication of the
facility now furnished for the congestion of currency
in the money centers, which causes the accumulation
there of almost the entire loan fund, or surplus capi
tal, of the country.
The exchanges of commerce ebb and flow with the
seasons and rise and fall with the demand, and the
medium of exchange should follow the same course
and obey the same law.
Our Western Congressmen should feel themselves
especially charged to support these measures. The
West needs a sound monetary standard and a more
flexible and adaptive banking system. All Western
business requires an easier and more economical use
of credit, which must come with a banking system
that can emit a sound currency when required to meet
the demands of trade and credit, and contract it when
the demand slackens.
The Indianapolis committee, a non-partisan body,
has with great constancy and energy planned and
pushed this legislation, and indicates now a hope that
its work may be finished in the next year.
Omitting for the present a detailed statement of the
features of these bills upon which the next Congress
will be asked to act, it is now sufficient to say that
they are in line with the reforms promised in 1896
and in every campaign since.
This legislation necessarily was among political is
sues then, as all financial and, economic legislation has
to be in this country, but now it is beyond the limits
of partisanship. The people have indorsed it at two
Presidential and three Congressional elections, and
it is justly considered first among the interests to
which Congress must pay attention..
These measures are of the highest importance and
Vitally concern the financial future of the country. If
business men will but reflect that what has been ac
complished already has practically transferred the
world's financial center to this country and • has
thereby furnished us great protection against a finan
cial panic, which may come out of a clear sky any
day, they will see the need of going forward until the
whole system of financial legislation demanded by the
Republicans and Gold Democrats in 1896 is finished.
The Indianapolis executive committee has in
fluenced the preparation of two bills, one the Over
street bill, to provide exchangeability of all forms of
currency with gold, which completes the gold stan
dard measures, and the other known as the Lovering
bill, to introduce banking reform.
THE short session of the last Congress was over
loaded with business beyond the possibility of
taking action upon the measures necessary to
complete the gold standard law and to begin the
reformation of our banking system required by the
country. It is to be regretted that any time was lost
in matters of such importance to the financial future
of the country, but what is gone is gone, and there is
nothing to be done now except prepare for action in
the next Congress.
FINANCIAL LEGISLATION.
The issue may delight those' who take an interest in
discussing the interrelations of mercy and justice.
Some folks will commend the Judge who out of good
ness of heart and' sympathy for human frailty is mer
ciful to all who. are summoned before him, while"
others uphold the stern Judge who enforces the 'law
no matter upon whose neck the ax falls. In this par
ticular case the army officer will be fortunate if the
action of the Justice does not hurt rather than help
him. Some one may yet disclose his name, and then
the discussion over the action of the Justice will cause
it to have ten times the notoriety it would have had
under other circumstances.
The statement of the Justice that he. is financially
able to pay the note should judgment against him be
obtained is declared by his critics to be a "bit of im
pudence." It is not a question of' ability to pay. It
is a Question of judicial impartiality and official hon
esty. The argument is that before a court all persons
should stand on an equal footing, and that no favors
should be shown to any one because of his respec
tability, his profession or mVmilitary service.
It is argued upon the other side that even if it be
true that it is not always proper and just ,to publish
every document that is discovered in, a gambling den,
there remains the fact that all such documents are
parts of the legal evidence in the case and should not
be destroyed by the courts. A Judge should make no
distinction of persons. If he can in the exercise of
good intention destroy the I. O. U. of an "eminently
respectable man," why might he not from a similar
good intention protect everybody?
It will be seen the Justice claims that his action was
taken for the purpose of saving "an eminently re
spectable man, an army officer, now fighting in the
Philippines," from a disclosure that would have se
riously injured him. The Justice does not intend, to
do any wrong to the gambler to whom the note was
given. He declares a willingness to be sued in a civil
court, and if judgment* be given against him he will
pay the note out of his own pocket. His one desire
is to shield a stranger from the consequences that
would follow a revelation of the fact that he had con
tracted a gambling debt.
In his own defense the Justice is reported as say
ing: ''Unlawfully and on my own responsibility, I
found an I. O. U. of an eminently respectable man,
an army officer, now fighting in the 'Philippines, in
the safe of a gambling-house, and I showed it to the
attorney for the proprietor. He agreed that I should
destroy it, and I did so. I am, of course, liable to a
civil suit for so doing. If any one wishes to sue me
my defense will be that it is a gambling debt. If the
suit goes against me I shall pay the amount out of my
own pocket. I am financially able to pay it, although
my name is not on the personal tax list. I have never
met and do not know the officer, and, in fact, had
never heard of him until I found the bill."
ONE of the oddest questions of ethics that ever
arose from judicial proceedings is reported
from New York. Justice Jerome of the
Court of Special Sessions in that city had occasion not
long ago to make an official examination of the con
tents of a safe taken from a gambling-house, and in
the course of it he found an I. O. U. for a large
amount signed* by an officer of the army. Imme
diately upon finding 'the document the Justice tore
it up, so that it might not be a part of the evidence
in the case, and now the question is, Did he do right
or wrong?
A QUESTION OP ETHICS.
The "fire season" has begun unusually early this
year, and it will not be long before we hear of it in
the forests of California, and then there will be more
brave talk of what ought to be done in the way of
forest preservation.
The Kaiser, then, has been defeated in his pet
measure. It now remains to be seen what will be the
result of Morgan's interest in the scheme. Should he
direct his energies to the task he might -manage to
teach the Prussian Junkers that they will gain rather
than lose by improving the commercial facilities of
the country. On the other hand, the mere suggestion
of his interest in the canals might intensify the oppo
sition and make it more determined than ever.* The
matter is not one of any great international impor
tance, but none the less it is bound to occupy the at
tention of men interested in finding a German market
for American products. It seems certain that in the
end the canals will be constructed, for the Kaiser and
Morgan form a team that is hard to beat, and, more
over, the spirit of progress fights on their side and as
sures an overthrow of the conservative forces and
obstinacies that oppose the development of commer
cial facilities.
Two years ago a similar bill was rejected, and since
that time the Kaiser has been employing every means
in his power to overcome the opposition. When the
new bill was introduced the Finance Minister ex
plained that the finances of Prussia are amply able to
bear the cost of the work. It was well understood
that the measure was virtually a bill emanating from
the Kaiser. Nevertheless it was rejected as firmly
this year as it was two years ago.
For years the Kaiser has sought to procure from
the Prussian Landtag money and authority for carry
ing out an elaborate system of canal construction.
In the bill, which was presented last January and re
cently rejected, provision was made for completing a
system of waterways connecting the Rhine with the
Elbe, Berlin with Stettin, the Oder with the Vistula,
and opening a way from Silesia to the Oder-Spree
canal. The object of the measure is of course to
facilitate commerce, and it was just for that reason it
was rejected. It appears from reports the main oppo
sition of the Agrarians and the Junkers was based
upon the argument that the opening of the new canals
would make it easier for foreign goods to be imported
and distributed through the country, and would there
fore be injurious to the agricultural interests, and even
the Silesians are said to have fought the bill because
the construction of a canal through their country
would permit British coal or American coal to be
brought in 'to the detriment of the Silesian. coal in
dustry.
A BRIEF dispatch from Europe says that Pier
pont Morgan has been negotiating for control
of the Prussian canals in order to 'obtain
through them a readier access to the German market
for the products of the steel trust. The dispatch is
doubtless an exaggeration, being but another of the
many rumors concerning the far-reaching ambitions
of the great industrial and commercial organizer.
There is, however, nothing improbable in the sup
position that Morgan has endeavored to arrange for
favorable terms for transportation along the canals.
In fact, it is almost certain he has done so, for such an
arrangement is necessary to his business. His appear
ance in that field, however, is interesting in more
ways than one, for it puts him on the side of the
Kaiser in the fight for an extension and improvement
of the Prussian canals, and it will be worth while to
note what the effect will be should he make an ener
getic fight for the improvements.
MORGAN AND THE KAISER.
A movement has been started to have Edward
crowned as King of Canada as well as of Great Brit
ain and Ireland, and as sucli coronation would be
surely followed by the creation of several Canadian
peers and a goodly number of knights, prominent
citizens among our neighbors to the north are won
dering in whose direction the movement is heading.
FRIDAY •... MAY 10, 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addrtss All Cocunnnicttioni U W. 8. LEASE, Manager.
MA>*A«iEK*S OFFICE... Telephonr Pre««i 2O4
rCBLICATIOX OFFICE. ..Mnrket and Third. S. F.
. Telephone Pre»» 201.
EDITORIAL noOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Precs 202.
Delivered Wit- Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Week.
Sfnsrle Copied. B Cent*.
Term* by .Mnfl, Including Poatasrct
"¦»ArLT CALJj nncludinp Fnnday), one year... $*. M
HAILY CALL fincludlr.p Sunday). « months S-W
DAILY CALL. (Jndudfnu Sunday). 5 months ;...... 1.80
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «5"5
WEKKLT CALL. One Year.....' 1.09-
AH poatmastera are nnthorlxed to receive
• nlmcrlptlon*.
Fatnple ccp!es urtll be forwarded when requested.
Matl *oh*erfb»r« tn nrderinr chanp* of ifMrw" nbnulrt >>•
MrtieuUr to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRKES In order
to inrure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
** " ' /
OAKLA5D OFFICE ...111S Broadway
C. fiKOKOE rCKOGXKS*.
Sutler Foreign A£7trt:si&g. KtrqnettB Bnilding. ChicagJ.
• Lcrg Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
N*EW TORK REPRESENTATIVE:
C C. CAULTOJf Herald Square
JdTvT TORK RKPRESEN'TATIVK:
•¦••"r:riTP;v n. SMITH 3O Trlbnne nnlM«"«r
The press of Philadelphia declares the city to be in
different to the question. The location of the State
capital there would be an insignificant factor in the
business of the metropolis. The average citizen
would hardly know when the Legislature was in ses
sion except by the reports in the ' newspapers, for
there would be no conspicuous increase in the crowds
on the street or at the hotels, except those at which
politicians would make their headquarters. Public
interest, however, would be so much served by hav
ing the State government established in the natural
capital that it is quite likely the new Capitol may be
erected at that city. The only thing likely to defeat it
is the outcropping of a job in connection with the
selection of a site. There is already a. rumor that
somebody in Philadelphia has town lots to sell.
As a rule the smaller cities of a State are eager to
obtain the rank of capital because the people believe
it is of advantage to them, but it is doubtful if the
advantage be as great as is supposed. A Legislature
which meets only once in two years does not draw
to a community a sufficient number of visitors to jus
tify the erection of great hotels, or to make it worth
while for merchants to lay in supplies for such casual
trade. ' The result is that when the Legislature is in
session the hotels are overcrowded, and then visitors
get a disagreeable impression of the place, and on
leaving it give it a bad reputation. It is doubtful if
there be a single small city occupying the position of
a State capital, that would not have been better off
if the burden had never been imposed upon it.
The location of capitals has been made in this
country in almost every instance as a result of a
conflict of local patriotisms or prejudices. Even at
the establishment of the Union the same unfortunate
policy prevailed. In our time no one would think
of locating the national capital in a wilderness on the
Potomac; but the statesmen of that time could do-^
no better, for there was no way by which a majority
could be induced to agree upon either New York or
Philadelphia. By a compromise of the various issues
between North* and South, the great States and the
little States, and all the other complications of the
time, the capital of the Union was set up in the woods/
and even to this day it has never become a city in the
right sense of the word, since it has neither trade, in
dustry nor financial prestige.
amusement, education and society. Moreover, it is
there that most of the real .politics of the State is car
ried on. Why, then, should not the Legislature meet
there, the Governor reside there, and the administra
tive departments of the government with the Supreme
Court be established/there?
Of course there has to be an East, and a hard, long
winter and a short, hot summer, and our distinguished
visitors have to live there and stand it. They will see
in the heartiness of our golden welcome a desire of
our people to let them know there is something bet
ter than what they are accustomed to. If they could
be with us longc- we could make it easier for them,
but we have a large panorama and a short time to
show it. Therefore we seem to be very busy about
it and may perhaps tire them, but we mean well and
have only a desire to increase their knowledge.
The economic significance of this fact will not es
cape the Presidential party. Where production is in
such variety- and is without interruption man has
more things to which to turn his hand, therefore the
opportunities of life are more numerous and more
reliable here than elsewhere.
THE President is no stranger to California. He
has visited us before. But now he comes as
President, and because we hail and greet him
in that capacity will get a better look at our best foot
than he ever had before. He will traverse the length
of- the State, and will find from the snowy summit of
Mount San Bernardino" to the white helmet that glis
tens on the bald pate of Shasta an unbroken succes
sion of the same facilities, resources, products and cli
mate. He can pluck the ripe oranges of Redlands and
the orange bloom of the Sacramento Valley. The
fig, date, pomegranate, olive and grape grow in sight
of his path through California from extreme south to
extreme north. Nature did not use this State as a
gold ring to carry one small diamond setting in one
section only. It is jeweled on its entire circumfer
ence) and what grows south flounshes north also. It
will not escape his observation that the tiller of the
soil here has some crop for market every month in
the 3 r ear. It is a winterless land, and production is
ceaseless.- Herein California differs from every other
part of the continent, and has few competitors on any
continent.
A GOLDEN WELCOME.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, -MAY 10, $1901.
The National Capital in 1820.
CORONADO TENT CITT. Ooronado Beach.
Cal., will be the popular summer resort tbla
season. It became famous last year for com
fort, entertainment and health. Its splendid
cafe was a wonder, the flshiny unexcelled.
"When things eo wrong around a house
a man makes them go worse by scolding
so loud that hs wakes the baby.
30,000 rolls red, white and blue crepe
paper. Immense colored bust pictures of
McKinley on stretchers. Bunting, fes
tooning, shields and flags for the million.
Sanborn, Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. •
Decorate for McKinley.
6
President
• McKmlcy I
~~~ Sowenir
Number.
~~MAY TWELVE, NINETEEN HUNDBED AND ONE—
Complete Story o! the Mc-
Kinley Family From Grandpa
McKinley to Marjorie Morse,
the President's Favorite Niece
The j|j e
Cabin _ , . ivpct
Presi- Other Pages 0! Intensely In- Y~:
dent* teresting Stories oi the day. **.
aems * » J Mansion.
Order. Your Paper at Once.
Price Five Cents Per Copy.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWN FOR THE SUMMER.
Call subscribers contemplating a change of
rewldeiic** dnrlnp the «Dmmrr montbi can harit
their paper forwarded by mail to their ne?r
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
Tats paper Trill also be on sale at all summer
resort* and Is represented by a local asrent la
mil towns «n the coast.
AUCTION SALES.
By Wm. G. Layne— Tuesday, May 14, at ID o'clock, Ger-
man Government Artillery Hqrses, at T21 Howard street.
Columbia— "SaSr Harbor."
Alcazar — "The Conquerors."
Grand Onera-house — "Son of Napoleon."
California— "The Lottery of Love."
Central— "The Octoroon."
Tlvoli— "The Idol's Eye."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Olympia. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenin™.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Mechanics' Pavilion— Bench Show. ¦
Metropolitan Temple— "Scenes From Animal Land." Satur-
day, at 11 a. m.
Putro Baths— Swlmmlnr.
Emeryville Racetrack — Races to-day.
AJaUSEJCENTS.SAN JOSE LADIES "WHO WILL
PLAY FOR PRESIDENT Mc-
KINLEY. ,
MERCED. May 9.— After. a trial lasting
eight days Robert McFarlane, who shot
and Killed J. H. Tucker, keeper of a no
torious house. February 21, was found
guilty of manslaughter. On a former trial
on a charge of murder a verdict of man
slaughter was rendsied and a second trial
was granted on" the ground that the de
fense had newly discovered evidence. Self
defense was McFarlane's plea.
Found Guilty of Manslaughter.
FRESNO, May 3.— At a session of the
board of directors of the California Raisin
Growers' Association to-day it was de
cided to ask the growers to adopt an en
tirely new growers' contract to replace
the present three years' contract. Presi
dent Kearney said to-day that the change
is made because of the failure of- the
prune association to win . suits against
its members and because of the idea
abroad that the present contract will not
hold the growers together.
New Plan for Raisin Growers.
Conger expects to be in Washington to
morrow and will then return to Iowa. He
reiterated to-day that he is not a candi
date for the gubernatorial nomination,
while willing to accept it, but he declined
to discuss the far Eastern situation.
PEKING, May 9.— An indemnity claim
of 450,000,000 taels was presented to the
Chinese plenipotentiaries this evwiing.
Official Chinese throughout the empfre
have been communicating with the court
and giving advice. Most of them seem tq
favor a loan guaranteed by the foreign
powers. Others, prominent among whom
is Chang Chi Tung, believe in raising the
money in every possible way without a
loan and in paying off the entire demand
wjthin five years.
PARIS. May 9.— An official dispatch
from Peking announces that a band of
Chinese brigands from the province of
Kwangsi recently attacked the French
post at Linan and drove out the garrison,
killing five and wounding seven men. A
few days later the brigands attacked the
French post at Soogiang. but were driven
off leaving thirty-three killed. The band
finally May 2, was driven back into
Kwangsi with heavy loss. Ten Frenchmen
were wounded during the fighting.
Conger told Acting Secretary of State
Hill that China was wholly unable to pay
$327,000,000. In San N Francisco, much, to
the disappointment of the administratron,
he estimated, that China could pay not
more than $300,000,000, but, after sounding
officials and ascertaining that Secretary
Hay believes that $200,000,000 is sufficient,
his"estimate is likely to drop.
Conger expressed belief that if the In
demnity were too large the powers would
have to guarantee a loan.- while if it were
reasonable China could float it.
Conger came to Washington for a
double purpose. He desired to pay his re
spects, to the officials, and he. wished to
familiarize himself with events which
have occurred in China since his depart
ure. He was allowed to read. all the dis
patches cabled by Special Commissioner
Rockhill and Squires, Charge d'Affaires,
and messages from representatives of
this Government in Europe.
CALL BUREAU, 140G G STREET. N.
W.; WASHINGTON, May 9.— Edwin V.
Conger, . Minister to v China, has deter
mined to force upon the administration
the alternative of retaining . him as its
representative in Peking or of recalling
him. He announced to officials to r day
that he proposed: to return to his post,
leaving this country on July 1. If the Re
publicans in Iowa nominate him in Au
gust for Governor he will return and par
ticipate in the campaign.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
After Sounding Officials He
Will Reduce Indemnity
Estimates.,
Recall.
Decides to Return to Pe
king or Force a
CONGER ADOPTS
DEFIANT STAND
MANILA, May 9.— The trial of Captain
Barrows before the military court is be
ing carried on rapidly. To-day was de
voted by the defense to proving his good
character and attempting to show that
Lieutenant Boyer was the principal in the
bacon deal. It does not appear possible
that Captain Barrows can escape convic
tion. \
Captain Read, who Is also accused of
connection with the commissary scandals,
was placed in confinement yesterday by
order of General MacArthur. It is said
this action has no connection with the
local report that Captain Read contem
plated flight before his trial, but it fore
shadows that there £<re some unpublished
results which the authorities are safe
guarding.
In the civilian trials before the special
commission a Chinaman who was con
victed of being implicated in the purchase
of commissary supplies was sentenced
to one year's Imprisonment and to pay a
fine of 1000 pesos. .
During the civilian trials Artillery Ser-
geant Knepper, Teamster Vail and Check
er Stickman gave evidence going to show
that there was a well-defined plot for the
alleged disposal of commissary stores.
Kiled by a 'Wrecking' Train.
SACRAMENTO, May 9.— J. Marshall, a
section foreman in the employ of the
Southern Pacific Company, was killed last
night near Arcade, in this county. There
had been a derailment of a freight car
and Marshall was summoned to the scene.
He started for the wreck on ; a railroad bi
cycle and was run down and killed by a
wrecking: train. He leaves a wife and sev
eral children." . ,
Paper Mill on the McCloud.
; REDDING, May 9.— Engineers are run
ning lines for a large paper mill that Is
to be established on the McCloud River.
The identity of the company behind the
project is unknown here. There is abun
dance of raw material for pulp-making
and plenty of water and power.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CAPTAIN READ PLACED IN JAIL
TO SECURE ATTENDANCE AT TRIAL
SACRAMENTO, May 9.— The story
which has gained considerable circulation
to the effect that William Ingram, a
member of the wholesale hardware firm
cf Schaw, Ingram. & Batcher, had mys
teriously disappeared is emphatically de
nied by his business associates. When
asked about the matter to-day, William
Schaw, the senior member, said:
"Mr. Ingram has not disappeared. He
has gone away from the city for a rest
and our firm is In regular communication
with him. As long ago as February last
1 advised Mr. Ingram to take a vacation
for six months, telling him that his in
come during that time would not be af
fected, but he declined the offer. He has
now gone away for a vacation, but will
return shortly, and • his position in the
firm will remain inviolate. Mr. Ingram's
dealings with tne firm are perfectly sat
isfactory in all respects, and the best of
feeling exists between us all. As to what
personal troubles Mr. Ingram may have
to cause him worry I have not concerned
myeelf , since I consider that it is not
•within my province, and I know abso
lutely nothing about that. Mr. Ingram is
now off on a vacation such as I advised
him to take months ago."
House Is Declared to Be on
a Vacation.
nail SATS EJGEAM ,V v.
HAS NOT DISAFPEABED
Member of the Sacramento Hardware
PETALUMA, May 9.— Claus Moltzen a
pioneer of Marin County, died at his home
in San Antonio Valley, south of here to
day. He was born, in Denmark in ' 1825
and came to California In 1849. He leaves
a widow and large family. A few weeks
ago the old Couple celebrated' their golden
wedding anniversary.
President's stay at '.the encampment Is
said to be probable, but no official con
flrmation of the rumor can be obtaii.ed
It is stated that information has been r£
ceived to the effect that the President
does not wish to, speak from the pavilion
in the open air, but prefers having the
doors of the assembly hall thrown open
to the public at the close of the' session
of the G. A. R.. in which he takes a pan
and speaking indoors. If this is true'
many thousands of persons who are com
ing here by special' trains from all the
surrounding country . will . go away with
out hearing him, for the utmost-, capacifv
of the hall is only about 2000. The general
feeling here is that the President will not
discriminate in favor of the veterans in
this way, but will adhere to the original
plan. • — . * . - ,
The Women's Relief Corps and Ladles of
the G. A. R both convened- in annual ses
sion' this morning and accomplished a
large amount of the business before their
respective organizations. In both cases
the business was , chiefly, of a routine
character/
Marin County Pioneer Dead.
SEATTLE, Wash., May, 9.— Three ves
sels left this port for Nome to-day, car
rying an aggregate of eighty passengers.
The Dora stops at Juneau, Valdes Ko
dlak and Dutch Harbor en route Tha
Deering has a party aboard for Unimak
Island, who will return this fall on the
return trip of the Deering from the Ber
ing Sea. The Anaconda goes by way of
Virgin Bay with a cargo partly for the
mine at Ellmar and partly for Nome.,
Three Vessels Start for Nome.
The Grand Court was called to order at
8 o'clock this morning; and it was a no
ticeable fact that every man entitled to a
vote was in his seat. After the prelim
inary work of reading the minutes of yes
terday's session was concluded the pre
siding officer called for nominations for
grand senior beadle. J. McCoy and T. L.
Holden. both of Alameda. were placed in
nomination, McCoy winning. L. W. Mor
gan cf Los Angeles and Peter Storni of
Banta Barbara were placed in nomination
for grand Junior beadle, the latter win
cing.
There -were three grand trustees to be
elected, and the following named were
placed in nomination: A. W. Howard of
vctaluma, \V. J- Rowe of Grass Valley,
Harry L. Simon of San Francisco, Gus
Zieper of Los Angeles, Thomas Goodwin
of San Francisco and Charles D. Peck
ham of Watsonville. Howard, Rowe and
Simon were declared elected.
This afernoon. after over two and a half
hours' balloting, the following were de
clared elected supreme representatives to
the Grand Court, which meets in Balti
more: Hugo K. Asher of San Francisco,
S. A. White of San Francisco, Jacob Sam
uels of San Francisco, E. I. Wolfe of San
Francisco, Emmett Hayden of San Ra
fael, Georjre Staffler Jr. of Santa Cruz,
Fred Hensley of San Francisco. William
Thome of Llvennore, Dr. D. W. Eidel
man of Los Angeles, R. Rasmussen of
San Francl»eo. W. J. Walshe of Los An
geles. R. E. Bevlna of Marysville, Joseph
NYland of San Francisco, M. J. Maguire
of San Francisco and Lee Wells of Pleas
acton.
From the opening to the closing of both
sessions there has been a struggle between
the opposing factions of the Grand Court,
dnd In every Instance except two the
Heenanites have come out victorious. The
anti-Heenan crowd to-day elected P.
Storni of Santa Barbara as grand junior
beadle over L. W. Morgan of Los Angeles,
and they consider themselves fortunate
in seeing this second grand officer landed
eafely. . .
CHICO. May 9.— This has been another
warm day for the delegates to the Grand
Court of Foresters of America— warm
both from a temperature standpoint and
a political point of view.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
To-morrow there will be no special dem
onstration, but on Saturday -night the
street fair will close with a carnival on
the streets.
.The brilliant scenes of last night were
repeated on the Midway of the street
fair to-night. The grand stand was crowd
ed and the exercises on the throne were
of an interesting order. The feature of
the evening was a contest among the
spielers to see which one's lungs appeared
to be leather-lined and copper-riveted Tlie
result created no end of fun.
Some of the floats of the labor unions
were quite elaborate. One by the carpen
ters, represented a log cabin, the home cf
an early settler, while in another was
shown a perfectly constructed modern
house. Another float represented a
butcher shop and still another a printing
office. A barber shop was shown where
the charge was 15 cents, and where the
customer was getting splendid treatment.
On the other side of the float was a 10
cent shop, where the victim was being
patched up with courtplaster, while his
tormentor suspended a nicked razor over
his head. The streets were crowded along
the line of march and there was much en
thusiasm. ¦ „¦ '
SACRAMENTO, May 9.— Between 2300
and 3000 members of the thirty odd unions
contained in the central bodies here
marched in the Labor day parade, which
was held this afternoon as a feature of
the street fair. A general holiday had
been declared and all the printing offices,
newspaper offices, the great railroad shops
and all the banks and business houses
were closed during the afternoon. The
May Queen and her maids of honor ap
peared in line with their, stylish turnouts
and were heartily received.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Brilliant Parade at the
Sacramento Street
Fair.
QUEEN REVIEWS
LABOR UNIONS
Torrid Weather and
"Warm Balloting at
Chico.
ELECTION STIRS
THE FORESTERS
The fight for the honor of , entertaining
the department delegates next year is
waxing warmer, each of the cities that
would be the host, Sacramento, Los An
geles and Hanford, doing its utmost to
pull the strings its way. Hanford ap
pears at present to be the choice of the
majority, but the matter will remain in
doubt until to-morrow afternoon. <
To-night's programme consisted of an
open-air concert by the encampment
band, a grand . concert and exhibition of
moving pictures of war scenes and a re
ception by the "Women's Relief Corps to
the department officers and delegates of
the G. A. R.
- A change in the programme of the
wH' mJnltitaiWi *Min ¦ I iirTTfrMirTBrTllii MTi»I ¦ iff fc i .airr-n^-ifli^ *»^arfl itwii
Cities Seek Next Session.
The "politics" of the encampment is in
full swing and considerable wirepulling is
evident in some directions. Colonel Stone
will, it seems, not have the rank of de
partment commander conferred upon him
without opposition, as was at first be
lieved, for another candidate entered the
field to-day, backed by* a number of the
strong delegations. The new man is H.
E. Parker of Fresno, and it is said he
wields considerable Influence among the
delegates. San Franciscp posts, however,
are solid for Stone as are also a number
of other strong posts. THere are several
candidates for the two vice commanders'
posts, C. T. Rice of Riverside seeming to
lead for the office of senior vice com
mander. The Rev. Dr. Drahms, chaplain
of San Quentin Prison, who is the nation
al as well as the department chaplain of
the G. A. R., will, without doubt, be re
elected, and Dr. Thomas A. Keebles of
Yountville will probably succeed himself
as department medical director.
Lpon reassembling, the committee on
credentials reported and the roll was
called, showing the largest attendance
ever known in the history of the Depart
ment of California and Nevada. Reports
of the department commander, senior vice
and Junior vicj; commanders, medical di
rector, chaplain, adjutant general, quar
termaster general, department Inspector,
chief musterine officer and Judge advo
cate were next presented, and adopted.
Adjutant General T. C. Masttller's report
showed a greater loss In membership of
the order by death ! and other I causes
than during any "previous year in the his
tory of the department. | A committee
from the Women's Relief Corps visited
the veterans during the afternoon ses
sion and presented their organization's
annual report. An adjournment was then
taken to 10 a. m. to-morrow..
Great Attendance Recorded.
The opening session of the thirty-fourth
annual encampment of the Department
of California and Nevada was called to
order at 10:30 a. m. by Department Com
mander G. M. Mott, and as a number of
the delegates, among them several of the
department officers, were not present, the
matter of seating the delegates was laid
over till the afternoon. ~ i-
The veterans are loud In their praise of
the provisions made for their comfort
and entertainment by the people of Pa
cific Grove, and it is the universal com
ment that never before has an- encamp
ment been received with such royal hos
pitality as Is here accorded. The splen
didly bedecked town, the hearty greet
ings of its citizens, the splendid weather,
the record-breaking attendance and, last
and greatest of all, the anticipated visit
of the President, all combine to make
them feel that they are indeed honored
guests.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 9.— That the
present Grand Army encampment is the
red-letter week in the history of the or
ganization on this coast has been proven
in more ways than one, even this early in
the session, and the spirit of success and
good fellowship is very marked among
all in attendance.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Pacific Grove Delights
the Encampment
Delegates.
VETERANS FIND
WARM GREETING
probably the. most unique organization in
the country. Fred Brohaska is the leader.
The ladies are: Cornets— Miss Stella
Hoard (soloist), Misses Delia Macabee,
Camille Stockton and Clara Holliday;
trombones — Miss Tillie Brohaska and Mrs.
Clarisse Walker; menaphones — Miss Edith
Huber (soloist). Miss Minnie Tupper, Mrs.
G. Howe, Mrs. L. Weaver; tenor— Mlsa
Laura Cottle; tuber— Miss Flora Macabee;
barytone — Miss Mary Macabee; piccolo —
Miss Nora la Montagne; clarionets — Miss
Ray Rosenberg, Miss Julia la Montagne,
Mrs. Agnes Currier; snare drum— Miss
5 AN JOSE. Hay 9. — Nineteen young
ladies with horns and drums play-
Ing concert band music will be
one of the unique attractions that
San Jose will present its visitors
¦when the President arrives. In a floral
float close behind the President's carriage
In the parade will be the California Ladles'
Band of San Jose, an organization which
has only once before taken part in any
celebration or played outside the concert
hall or private parlor.
This is a society trirls' band and it is
The ladies are beautifully uniformed,
have costly instruments and they devota
the same time and care to practice as any
band of professionals. The members are
of the local order of the Musicians' Union
and are entitled to the pay of a band of
men. These young ladies, however, will
not accept money, but donate their ser
vices when they can be induced to play.
The reception to the President is the sec
ond such occasion and they have gone to
a large expense in constructing a suitable
float for their ride m the parade.
Jesamlne Pfeiftenberger; bass drum — Miss
Isabell Huber.
California Ladies' Band of San Jose to Be One of the Most Interesting Features of the
Great Parade Whicti Will Be : Held in Honor of the "Chief Executive oJF the Nation.
SOCIETY MAIDS WILL RENDER RAREST MELODY
AS TRIBUTE TO McKINLEY IN THE GARDEN CITY
TMJS SAJN -FKANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, MAY : 10i 11901.
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
t
My DYSPEPSIA CURE positively
cures all forms of indigestion or stom-
ach trouble. It rejuvenates worn-out
stomachs. It builds up stomachs that
have been weakened by powerful cath-
artics and old-fashioned nostrums.
JMnnyon's D.vspcpsTa f!nre corrects blcatingof
the stomach, palpitation of the heart, shortness of
breath, and all affections of the heart caused by in*
digestion, wind on the stomach, belching wind 01
soar food, bad taste, offensive breath, loss of appetite,
faintness or weakness of the stomach, improper cir-
culation, coated tongue, ho art -burn or.water-brash.
His Headache Cure • stops headache in 3 minutes.
Munyon's. Pile Ointment cures all firms of piles.
Munyon's Blood Cure corrects all blood impurities.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache, bilious-
ness, jaundice, constipation and all liver diseases.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a boon to women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are guaranteedto
relieve asthma in three minutes and cure in five days.
. Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
Munyon's Vitalize restores lost powers to weak
men. Price, $1. P>
Munyon has a cure for every dissase. TheGnldn
to Health (frr-r) tells of them. O"es. mostly 35 cls.
Munyon, New York and Philadelphia.
MUXTO>"'S T" K.'.TiER CT7RF.S CATIBBH.
4 ...
>£-— ->. Strictly Reliable.
KerA Dr.Talcott
'L^l " & CO.
J^^^p^ Diseases and
sf Weakness of
nSBo'MEN ONLY
THERE IS _NO SUCH CONDITION AS
weakness in a man under fifty years of age,
other than general debility. Prematurenes*.
loss of vitality, etc., are but symptoms o£
some 'I'rnage to the reproductive system,
cauB'hl i.r a contracted cisorder or early dissi-
pation, la looking for the location of this dam-
age we generally find an enlarged, swollen and
Inflamed prostate gland. . As this stand is the
very center of the reproductive system It can
readily be understood that inflammation of it
must cause disordered function. These case*
are promptly beneflte-l by proper treatment,
otherwise the patient zoes from bad to worse.
The essential point in all of them Is the neces-
sity of the cure of the focus of the trouble In
the prostate. Many men have unsuccessfully
treated for a weakness anc! become discour-
aged, when. If an antiphlogistic plan of treat-
ment had been adopted instead of tonics, a
cure would have been the result. In our ex-
perience there Is no drug In the Pharmacopeia,
taken into the stomach, that will even benefit
this class of cases. Our plan of treatment is
entirely a local one, and prompt results are ob-
tained, as indicated by increased circulation
and return of natural vigor. Our colored^gaort.
whlca we mail on application, la Interesting to
any one wishing to study tha anatomy of the
male.
997 MARKET STREET, Cor. Sixth.
fTfias t&ken the place 1|
I of Olive Oil ;&&&& 1
p^wherg nice distinction* are made,
PDTTCU17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK-
15X1 U Oil J2lO «*. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners,
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
AMUSEMENTS.
FIFTH ANNUAL
Bench Show
DOGS*
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Mav R 9 1(1 II
COMPETITION OP THE GJIEATEST PRIZE
WINNERS OF THE EAST AND WEST.
ALL THE NEW YORK CHAMPIONS!
PERFORMANCES BT TRAINED DOOS.
OPEN FROM 10 A. M. to 10 P. M.
ADMISSION, 50c; CHILDREN. HALF PRICE.
SAN FRANCISCO KENNEL, CLUB. ,
J. P. NORMAN: Secretary. .
*T1VPLI*
Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at 2.
"IT BLINKS BUT A FEW NIGHTS MORE."
DON'T OVERLOOK THE GLITTERING
lUUL ot .1 L
"hoot /nois."
"TBE TOYMAKER" Monday, May 13th.
First Time In This City.
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50c
, ; Telephone— Bush 9.
ALHAMBRA
BEGINNING SATURDAT NIGHT.... MAY II
MATINEE SUNDAY.
Limited Engagement of the
M COLUMBIA 17
INSTRFL COfflPAN I
! ftflBlaek-F&jeArtists-Slng-AA
nil ers « Dancers. Comedians, w\ 1 1
UU Vaudeville Performers. UU
i I Largest organization in exist-
ence.
• PRICES, 10c, 23c and ' 50c. Seats now on
sale at the Theater and Emporium. Phone
. Howard 1974. "'
BASEBALL.
OAKLAND ys. _SAN FRANCISCO.
Thursday and Friday, "Ladies' Days,"
RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and. Harrison streets.
SUTRO BATHS
U/ILL OPEN NIGHTS
ON AND AFTER
SATURDAY, MAY 11, 1901.
AMTTSEMENT S.
BELASCOAmoTHAirSstftffe
" mtsxarrtuu
TO-NIGHT and Saturday and Sunday Er*g.
MATINEE TO-MORROW and SUNDAT,
TP I-I T^ MAGNIFICENT
JP £ f I * REVIVAL OF
QCTOROON!
Plantation Scenes and Melodies, Buck and "Wing
Dancina;, Clever Specialties, Etc.
PPIfFS EVENINGS 10c r 13c, 23c, 35c. We
tnlUCJ MATINEES 10c. 13c, 25c
Next "Week— TERRY McGOVERN. the cham-
pion featherweight, in his Great Success. *Tha
Bowery After Dark." Secure seats quick.
ANOTHER GREAT BILL!
THE FOTTR HTJNTINGS. ZEB AND ZARRO"W.
PATTERSON BROTHERS.
INGHAM, BARNES AND SISSON. ALP
GRANT. THE BIOGRAPH.
And Two of the World's Most Popular At-
tractions,
THE AGOUST FAMILY and
McINTYRE AND. HEATH.
Reserved Seats. 25 cents; Balcony, 10 cents;
Opera Chairs . and Box Seats, 50 cents %
Matlneea Wednesday. Saturday and Sunday.
GRAND OPEIRA HOUSE
MATINEES TO-MORROW and SUNDAY.
BALANCE OF THIS WEEK,
Grand Scenic Production of
SON OF
NAPOLEON.
FLORENCE STONE as THE DUKE DE
REICHSTADT.
JACK WEBSTER as MICHEX. LAMBERT
Priceg—lOc. 15c. 25c. 50c. A Few Seats 75c.
A Good Reserved Seat in Orchestra Saturday
and Sunday Matinees 23c.
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
3STE322:T "WHSEJIC- '
"GOVERNMENT ACCEPTANCE.**
TO-NIGHT.
ALL. THIS WEEK— MATINEE SATURDAT.
MR. JAMBS NEILL
AND THE NEILL COMPANY,
Presenting Augustln Daly's Laughing Comedy
Success. - ,- . "..
"THE LOTTERY OF LOVE"
SPECIAL 8ar ? 3 'J Ma!ina8 Et8r » Thursday
EVENINGS 25c. 35c, 50c. 75c. 11.00
SATURDAY MATINEE 25c. 50c. 75o
Next— Sunday, May 12, to greet the nation's
President. "BARBARA FRIETCHIE." Seats
now ready.
UULUIHJSIH LEADING THEATRE
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Every Night (Including Sunday). Matlne*
Saturday.
JAMES A. HERNITS
Latest comedy and greatest success.
SAG
HARBOR
A STORY OF HEART AND HOME.
Seats now ready for second and last week.
May 20— HENRY MILLER.
oLVh eat r irM >
GET WISE AND SECURE SEATS QUICK.
....LAST THREE NIGHTS....
MATINEE TO-MORROW AND SUNDAY,
Of the Merriest Show in Town.
THE
CONQUERORS.
SEATS NOW READY FOR
NEXT WEEK
FRIENDS.
RACING I RACING I RACING I
SPRING MEETING-Openinr April 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day. . »>,<
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30. 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to tha
track. Last two cars on- train reserved for
ladies and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. AH trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and Broadway. Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mol* con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway, Oakland. These electric cars
ro direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and-
4-45 p m. and immediately after the last race.
THOM18 H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
K. B. MILROY. Secretary. . ¦
LAST APPEARANCE OF
ERNEST SETON-THOMPSON
METROPOLITAN HALL,
•' I TO-MORROW,
SATURDAY MORNING. May 11. at 11 o'clock.
"SCENES, FROM ANIMAL LAND,"
Illustrated with gtereoptlcon views.
ALL THE CHILDREN OF SAN FRANCIS-
CO and their ¦ friends are Invited to see their
favorites— Lobo, the King Wolf: Mollie Cot-
tontail. Old Grumpy. Little Johnny Bear, the
Pacing Mustang, etc, etc.
Adnlts, 50c; Children, 25c No reserved seats.
CHUTES AND_Z00 ¦2fr**£j'*
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
TO-MORROW NIGHT.
CAKEWALK and Gans-McGovern
Fight Pictures.
Commencing SUNDAY,
JOSEPHINE GASSMAN and Her THREE
PICKANINNIES.
Telephone for Seats— Park 23. ?:'•'•'
FTcnirpD'c concert house.
ridUniln O Admission lOc.
Belle "Wilton. Evans, Devees and Evans.
Satnella, Murdoclc and DeCamp. G. S. Wan-
rell, Maybelle Bowman and the Golden West
Trio.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
1 HOTEL^
Visitors to San Francisco who mako
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequaJed
cuisine. American and European plans.
1
Weekly Call, $1 jper Year
jISmmm^ WinJet ata— g^^ i^»T
jfg jllr A fewj days ago our New York
Ma Mil buyer snipped us by express a lot
m& ' mm °^ *' es w t^ ie remai "k that he
gSjsj B Ma ' ia d bought them favorably and
jjgsr B E§ thought they would make a good spe-i
mm H Si cial run. And here they are: Rever-
J|y BJB ' sible derby four-in-hands and tecks
Jmy a & (which are already tied) made from
mS B S t ' le l atest s i'k patterns in all the new
SsS B B colors; some are plain shades, others
Ksjsi B §f have broad stripes 'down the center
Mm si m ' '^ <e *' ie right-hand ' picture, while
MS SB others are patterns of small shepherd
JSEjv a B plaids and checks; they are well
«$|j SB made up and worth more than the.-
718 Market Street. j
"'""li'i"' ' ¦nis^sss^sss^^prevailing on the Stock Exchange to-day
centered in the possibility of a settlement
or a compromise between the contending
Interests as to sharing the benefits of
the Burlington deal, which is expected to
be the form which the compromise win
take. Incidentally the settlement of the
terms on which the shorts will be allowed
to cover Is, of course, of great impor
tance. Clear intimations were conveyed
to-day, apparently on authority that the
figures at which Northern Pacific sold to
day were far above any terms which it
would be thought of exacting from the
shorts to the final settlement. The prob
ability to-night seems "to be that 200 rep
resents about the figure which will be de
manded. The strong rally in the stock
during the latter part of the day did not
serve • to entirely alleviate the nervous
fears prevalent in the "Wall-street dis
trict. Rumors were Very persistent that
many prominent houses had been com
promised seriously by the violent slump
in prices. All of these specific rumors
were emphatically denied on the direct
authority of the parties affected. But so
violent a collapse • in prices as occurred
to-day necessarily involves enormous
losses somewhere. The extent of the de
cline was far- In excess of the ordinary
margin demanded by brokers., which is 10
It was a very notable fact that through
out the most acuto period of_to-day's f dis
turbance there was nothing heard to indi
cate doubt of the sound and prosperous
conditions of industry and • business at
larce in the country. The stock market
collapse was attributed exclusively to
overextension of credits used in holding
stock which it was not designed to keep,
but to sell at a higher price. TRe shock
which caused the collapse was the North
ern Pacific corner, without dispute. The
harm which might result from the North
ern Pacific episode was by no means so
Due to Over Speculation.
*— *
second hour of to-day's stock market was
never seen before. After a sale had been
made at a fixed price a broker would
throw in an additional block at anywhere
from 5 to 10 points lower, without stop
ring to demand any intermediate price
for his offering. The extent of the de
cline during the half hour was as grea..
as in some cases has taken week3 to at
tain on the advance, although all ob
servers have agreed that the rate at which
prices have been going up has exceeded
any previous experience. The figures
alone suffice to indicate the proportions
of the drop. In Delaware and Hudson the
extreme decline was 5 £ J^V n T ts / nn M ?£omc
tan 38%, Rock Island ZoVi, Union Pacific
38 Atchlson 34V&. Atchison preferred 28%.
ft Paul K, Missouri Pacific 32, Southern
Pacific s 29% United States Steel preferred
2&. white* range of 5 to 30 points would
cover the collapse In nearly, every active
6t I°n* the oulside^fket the stress of the
demand for funds was shown by the per
nlndicular drop in the price of Standard
Oil of 171 points over night. The same
urgent need was reflected in the bond
market where all grades of bonds were
offered on a declining scale. The sacri
fices there were naturally much' less than
In the stock district of the market After
the turn in the market came, which it did
about noon, some noticeable selling of
bends still continued, and this was. ex
plained as being due to a wish to secure
funds to buy stocks at the attractive level
of prices to which the market had fallen.
In fact, the bargain hunter was on hand
and alert, and even in such a scene of
disaster as that presented there are those
who reap the benefit. The drop in prices
-carried stocks of many substantial prop
erties down to a level at which the cur
rent rate of dividends paid upon them is
well assured, making them attractive In
vestments. ¦
Chance of a Compromise.
The hope of relief from the : conditions
Announcements by J. P. Morgan & Co.
and Kuhn, Loeb & Co., who. respectively
represent the two contesting parties In
Northern Pacific, that they would not re
quire deliveries of the stock to-day, meant
a respite of one day at least from ruin
for the shorts in the stock. Late in the
day Street & Norton announced that
they also would not require deliveries of
the stock. This i firm ' has been credited
with acting for James ; R. Keene, and
bought 200,000 shares of Northern Pacific
on Monday last, loaning 150,000 shares
that night and calling in the greater part
of it the next day, thus disclosing, the
corner in the stock. The theory that
Keene's campaign had been directed
toward a squeeze of the shorts was some
what shaken by this leniency toward its
victims. It was significant also tttat, al
though the parties to the contest for con
trol showed their willingness to, relieve
the shorts by remitting the requirement
to deliver stock, they failed to come to
any mutual agreement to lend the stock,
such as was proposed by one party last
night. The surmise seems warranted
from this unwillingness of either party
to let any of their stock get out of their
hands, even to relieve the shorts, • that
there was continued doubt in the minds
of both as to where the actual control of
the property lies. Representatives ; of
both parties made emphatic claims to
day, the one that they had maintained
the control and the other that they - se
cured it. ;• V'> ':. '.'¦
great in any one's mind as to justify the
extent of the collapse in prices. But the
delicate situation of the market, due to
overextension of speculation, made It vul
nerable to this stock. The decline, once In
force, gained cumulative strength. Spec
ulators' margins were wiped out and
brokers had to sell the securities placed
with them as collateral to save them
selves from loss, thus adding to .the
weight of the selling. The shrinkage in
the market value of securities placed with
bankers as collateral made it necessary
that - they Should demand Increased col
lateral or call the loans with which specu
lators were holding stocks. With credits
reduced, further sales of stocks had to be
made, and so it came from every quarter.
Battle for Northern Pacific Shares.
The importance attached to the North
ern Pacific episode was made clear by the
eagerness of all classes to learn all devel
opments concerning it and the immediate
effect of any announcement regarding it
upon the stock market. The upward Fhoot
to $1000 a share was the effective cause of
the greatest demoralization in the mar
ket. The announcement later in the day
of the measures for the relief of , the
shorts and the relapse in the price of
stock to 300 allayed the demoralization al
most immediately. . ,
FINANCIAL LEADERS IN THE
RIVAL SYNDICATES IN WALL
- STREET.
NEW YORK, May 9. — A- statistical review of the "transactions in ,the Mock market to-day
. ihat at low -water mark of prices forty-one principal stocks had shrunk the .tremendous flgvrei
'of SGO8 38S,4O7. This shrinkage, however, is largely offset by the recovery of the market toward the
lose 'selecting some of the more prominent stocks and applying to them the loir price calculation,
gives* the following showing* . '' ' -'¦'.. ¦' -. -/'-'' ' - ' ' ". ¦
TREMENDOUS SHRINKAGE lN PRINCIPAL
STOCKS AT THE LOW WATER MARK OF PRICES
DENVER. • May 9.— By the tremendous
ripe in stocks in New York these Denver
men weYe reported to-day to have made
the following turns: Ex-Senator E. O.
Wolcott and Henry R. Wolcott, $2,000,000;
ex-Governor J. B. Grant, . director of the
smelter trust. J.',000.000; John G. Mitchell
Denver National Bank, $2,000,000; \V K.'
Gillett. president of the Denver "and
Southwestern Railway, $2,000,000; Simon
Guggenheim. $1,000,000; Dennis Sullivpn
$5,000,000; Thomas Walsh of Ouray $3 000 -'
E. T. Jeffery president of the Denver
and Rio Grande; Frank Trimble, president
of the Colorado and Southern, and a dozen
other Denver men are mentioned among
those who hava been successful in stock
dealings. Several of them have gone to
New York to look afterj the market on
the ground, it is said. 'Most of those
mentioned bought Colorado Fuel and Iron
last fall, when the stock was about 30 on
the advice of John C. Qsgood. president
of the company. Steel and Burlington are
two other stocks in which the winners are
paid to have had large holdings. In Den
ver to-day the brokers practically shut up
shop. When the New York market was
plunged in chaos the brokers here refused
to accept orders. All of them informed
their customers that they would, under
take no new business,- but would simply
struggle to protect their patrons.
DENVER MEN MAKE MILLIONS.
Closing of the Exchange Followed by
Scramble in Snorter's Court.
LONDON. May 9.— Not in the memory
o . the oldest stock broker in London has
there been such a panic as prevailed this
afternoon In Americans. After the clos
ing of the Stock Exchange hundreds of
dealers endeavored to struggle into the
narrow confines of Snorter's Court, where
outside dealings are done, in efforts to
raise or reduce, as the case might be,
Americans to New York parity. Sudden
ly there developed a terrific slump in
Union Pacific, which was knocked down
20 points In as many seconds. St. Paul
Buffered, almost as badjy. Large and
small brokers rushed to the scene until
Throckmorton street became impassable.
The rain poured down, but the excited
crowd .did not heed it. Parties formed
themselves into flying wedges in endeav
ors to force-' their way into the center of
Snorter's Court.. at which spot the prin
cipal dealing was done. All sorts of con
ditions and prices were shouted at the top
of the operators* voices. Down, down
went Americans. The leading houses
sent urgent orders to buy or sell, but
found It almost impossible to have their
orders executed. Rails of every descrip
tion . were quoted at rock bottom prices,
and steel and other securities fell in sym
pathy. Then, without rhyme or reason, a
reaction set in. Up and down ¦ went Amer
icans. After about half an hour of this
panicky speculation a more reasonable
feeling prevailed and stocks rose to with
in a. few points of their price when the
Stock Exchange closed. But long after
the usual hours hundreds of stock brok
ers, most of them drenched to the skin,
traded in the hope of getting clear before
to-morrow's opening. • ¦ -- , .
Upon receipt, of the Wall-street quota
tions a panic seized the Glasgow Stock
Exchange and a wild scene was wit
nessed, the brokers scrambling to rid
themselves of their holdings of stock.
PANTC BEACHES LOITDOIT.
There was a strong feeling this morn-
Ing before proceedings had commenced on
the Stock Exchange that a panic could
be averted only by the- strongest meas
ures and with the greatest difficulty.. The
fact was apparent that the corner in
Northern Pacific was still unbroken. Tne
excited bidding last night to secure the
stock for delivery to-day made that very
apparent The first steps to avert the
panic were devoted to circulating reports
that the conferences between the con
tending interests in Northern Pacific,
which continued In one form or another
throughout the night, had resulted in a
compromise which would free the shorts
In the stock from their compromised.posi
tion. These efforts proved utterly inef
fective In face of the first quotations for
Northern Pacific on the tape. The price
paid for the stock ran quickly up to $200
per share and then to $300, to $500 and
then to $700 per share on regular transac
tions and $1000 per share for cash. The
cash price paid meant that unfortunate
shorts who were unable to . borrow the
stock last night for delivery to-day had
to pay whatever cash price the engineers
of the corner chose to ask for it. Tha
figures indicated in these opening trans
actions meant ruin for a very large out
standing interest in the stock. The per
ception nf this fact was the principal im
pelling cause in producing the demoraliza
tion in the stock market. The concerted
effort to support^ the market by buying
all stocks which might be offered, which
is always the most effective manner of
dissuading persons from selling and which
was undertaken, according to the current
belief in Wall street, by some of the most
ncwerful capitalists in the country, was
swept away like a whirlpool under the
Thousand a Share for Cash.
AH classes of employes in the Stock Ex
change district were under tremendous
pressure throughout the day. The im
pression produced by contact with those
was due to their coolness and nerve un
der the most trying and exciting circum
s-tances. Brokers, messenger boys, tele
phone boys, clerks and the like learned
during the last few weeks to waste little
time in demonstrations. They do things
in the quickest and shortest manner and
sc made things go smoothly to-day at a
period when lack of coolness might have
meant disaster t"| many persons.
In the brokers' offices many men sat
who were reduced to absolute ruin as a
result of fifteen minutes' proceedings on
the Stock Exchange. Some of these have
been made opulent within a few weeks
past as a result of the unparalleled rise
in prices. With the true gambling spirit
they have replaced all their winnings on
new ventures on each successful turn.
To-day's drop, therefore, wiped them, all
out. In many cases one could see the
gambler's fortitude with which the
chances of gairi were accepted. But the
glittering attraction of this market has
_broughtinto it a constantly increasing as
sortment of more staid and inexperienced
speculators— *nen and women •who have
brought long standing hoards from secret
places and from savings bank ' deposits
with the determination to make one suc
cessful stroke and then retire with the
proceeds The" demonstrations from this
class, which includes many women specu
lators, furnished the hysterical scenes and
tei.Eations of the day.
The state of excitement was very ap
parent all through the financial district
during the period of the panic, but there
were few sensational scenes. Now and
then a white-faced woman would peer
frcm a cab outside a broker's office and
would be driven off in a faint condition
after receiving a message from the Inte
rior. Whenever any near approach could
be made to a ticker or to a board on
which quotations were posted there were
great throngs of excited speculators
scrambling for a view of the course of the
market. But the real stress of the occa
sion came upon the men ¦who were shut
up in either their private offices or those
of brokers, or who were struggling and
fighting on the floor of the exchange. The
outside country could obtain little idea of
the actual occurrences on the exchange,
as the brokers are remote from the public
galleries in their temporary quarters in
the Produce Exchange, and are half shut
off from view by the sixteen-foot wall.
Speculators "Ruined in Short Order.
The banks have been so well protected
by recent extensions of the margins ex
rcted in the market value of collateral
over the amount of loans placed that they
had little to fear short of an absolute wip
ing out of market values. The shrinkage
cf collateral made it necessary for the
banks in many cases to exact additional
collateral during the day, and this added
much to the distress for a time. But in
•the late dealings the principal banks In
| the financial district agreed to form a
pool and raise a fund to loan the money
i at rates down to 6 per cent on the Stock
I Exchange. The bid for money had been
I run up to 60 per cent and was threatening
to keep alive the panic. The dozen banks
quickly, came to an agreement to raise
$16,000,000. with implied willingness to in
! crease the sum if necessary. There were
very heavy loans placed also by indi
vidual banks, ranging' in some cases to
$25,000,000 ajid S3O.00O.OOO. Through the early
part of the day bankers exacted the mar
ket rate for loans, but with the growing
need to suppress the panic offered the rate
down to 6 per cent. Old customers of the
banks were not charged over 6 per cent
at any time, but when outsiders came in
asking for new loans the law of supply
and demand was allowed to run its course.
Sixty Per Cent for Money.
NEW YORK, May 9.— Bitter stress
developed in Wall street by the
second hour of trading on the
Stock Exchange to-day. The vio
lence of the commotion had spent
much of its force, at least. for the time
being, when the chairman's gavel fell an
nouncing the close of the day's proceed
ings. The casualties were great and the
field of battle was strewn with the wound
ed, and may be with the dying. But of
actual fatalities none were recorded of
Importance during the day. During the
height of the panic rumors of insolvencies
were handed about more quickly than
they could be reported. But no confirma
tions could be had of the intimations of
financial wreck. Those against whom the
rumors pointed refused even to show any
signs of distress and professed themselves
ready to meet* all obligations. In more
than one instance the answer to these
rumors wis for a representative of the
house to go* upon the Stock Exchange and
place loans to a large amount,. as indi
cating the abundance of resources at
hand. But notwithstanding these and sim
ilar devices for keeping up credit and con
fidence, the fact was too obvious from the
crash of values on the exchange that
credits and borrowing power were shrink
ing at too prodigous rates not to leave the
mind of , the whole financial world in a
condition of intense strain. But the indi
cations at the close of the day were
strong that the principal damage had
been wrought upon the speculative class
or upon holders of securities on margin
for whatever purpose.
The Duke referred to the wishes of the
late Queen, who before her death signed
his commission to open Parliament. He
paid a tribute to the generous aid rendered
by the colonies in the South African war.
the splendid bravery of the troops and the
services of the squadron in China and ex
pressed the interest taken by King Ed
ward VII in the Australian people. It
was his earnest prayer that the union so
happily achieved would prove an instru
ment for the further advancing of the
welfare of the Australian subiects of the
King and the consolidation of the empire.
Prolonged cheering greeted tne conclu
sion of the 6t>eech. which was renewed
¦when a telegram from King Edward was
read. The members then took the oath
and subscribed their names to Jie roll.
At the conclusion of this ceremony the
Earl of Hopetoun dismissed them to their
respective houses to elect officers. The
entire audience thereupon rose as Ihe
first bars of "The Hallelujah Chorus"
were played by the orchestra. The chorus
was sung: by an opera company. "Rule.
Britannia," followed and finally the whole
assemblage joined In singing "God Save
the King." A fresh blare of trumpets
followed, the royal party retired and the
ceremony was over.
Tribute Paid to Colonies.
The royal party then entered and was
conducted to the dais: the orchestra
played the national anthem. The Duke of
Cornwall and York wore an admiral's
uniform with the ribbon of the Order of
the Garter. The Duchess of Cornwall and
York and JLady Hopetoun. wife of the gov
ernor general, the Earl of Hooetoun and
the ladles of the suites all wore black.
The Duke, through the black rod. then
summoned the two houses in accordance
with the strict formula of the British
Parliament and the members filed in. The
hundredth psalm was sung with all pres
ent standing. The Earl of HoDetoun then
read a prayer, after which the Duke of
Cornwall and York made a lengthy ad
dress and declared Parliament ODen.
The special . proceedings were Legun at
11:54 a. m. with the reading of .the procla
mation summoning the Senate and Repre
sentatives. Noon was signalized by a fan
fare of trumpets from the military band
outside.
Opening of Parliament.
Facing the dais was a slightly raised
platform, -where seven rows of cha'rs ac
commodated the members of the Com
monwealth Parliament. The lofty north
transept was devoted to the members of
th« State Parliament. East and west of
the dais were grouped the Ministerial
•taffa. The remainder of the hall and the
galleries were packed with a well-dresaed,
earnest and expectant crowd. A irreat or
chestra enlivened the ante-meridian hour
with operatic airs.
The audience was a. marvelously varied
and Interesting: assemblage, composed of
red-robed and white- wlgged Judges;
epeakers wigjred and gowned, similar to
tie Speaker of the British House of Com
mons; British and forelsm military and
naval uniforms, and Bishoj>s and clergy
of many denominations In their respective
canonicals and court uniforms, contrast
ed with the khaki-clad colonial officers.
Surrounding all was a mass of civilian
spectators of all ages, the whole forming
a memorable spectacle.
A Memorable Spectacle
The doors were opened to ticket-holders
at 9 o'clock this morning and by 11 o'clock
the auditorium was filled with the exesp
tion of the royal dais. This was located
beneath the great dome. It held a sin
gle row of chairs, the largest In the cen
ter being" surmounted by a small gold.im
perial crown. The whole was overhung
with the royal standard. In front of the
royal chair was a small table on which
was a telegraph key, by which the Duke
of Cornwall and York was to flash the
opening: signal throughout the Common
wealth, when the union jack .was to . be
simultaneously raised in every settlement
of the federation. The majority of the
audience was comix>sed of ladies, most of
whom were clad in mauve colored cos
tumes, but many of them were dressed In
white. Brilliant scattered groups of army
*tiA navy uniforms gave color to the
scene. :
MELBOURNE, May 9.— The oj»enlnff of
the first Federal Parliament, which took
place at noon, was a most impressive cer
emony. The capacity of the exhibition
building, the scene of the ceremony, Is
12,000 people, but the available -space was
taxed to its utmost. The decorations con
sisted of regimental standards, trophies
of arms and floral festoons.
Pays Tribute to Colonies for
Aid Given in Boer
War.
and York.
Impressive Speech of the
Duke of Cornwall -
ROYAL OPENING
OF PARLIAMENT
PANIC IN WALL STREET SENDS NORTHERN PACIFIC STOCK
TO SKYROCKET PRICES AND RUINS MANY SPECULATORS
Unfortunate Shorts, Unable to Borrow for Delivery; Are Compelled to Pay From $200 to $1000 a Share and Rate
of Interest for Money Bounds to 60 Per Cent—Battle of the Kings of Finance Causes Many Casualties*
KING EDWARD
HAS NO FORTUNE
Dependent on Revenues
and Grants of Par
liament.
House of Commons Agrees
to Give Him a Liberal
Allowance.
LONDON, May 9.— The King, said th»
Chancellor of the Exchequer. Sir Michael
Hicks-Beach, to-day. In discussing th»
civil list in the House of Commons, had
no personal , fortune, % a fact which could
not be too widely known. He was there
fore dependent on the revenues of th«
Duchy of Lancaster and Parliamentary
grants. Continuing, he said that the King
was anxious for a further investigation
into the system of management of the
royal household in order to correct any
abuses and wastes. The sum of £110.000
out of the total of £470,000 which it was
proposed to grant was the King's privy
purse out of which came the sums ex
pended as a result of innumerable re
quests for charities throughout the em
pire and even from foreign countries, and
out of which also came the sums expend
ed to keep up the private residences.
The Liberal leader, Sir Henry Campbell-
Bannerman. supported the Governments
proposals as reasonable.
John Redmoiid. the Irish leader in ex
plaining why the Irish members declined
to support the proposals said it was for
three reasons: First, the insult to certain
of the King's subjects in the accession
proceedings; second, Ireland was paying
double to-day -what she had paid eighteen
years ago, and England was paying Zo per
clnt less; third, and the real ground for
the opposition was that the people of Ire
land were mocked by a freedom which
was devoid of substance. >,_--,
Mr. Labouchere. Liberal, tried to hav©
the allowance cut down from £< ( 0^C0 to
£415.000. the amount granted to Queen
Victoria and the Prince Consort. This mo
tion was defeated by a vote of 53 to 261.
The civil list was agreed to by a Vote or
307 to 5S. -
»:¦¦! 1 1 : 1 1 : i r 1 1 : ! i r : ¦: -h-h-s-o
reckoning. Kuhn, Loeb & Co. this morn
ing renewed their offer to loan the stock
they hold, but it was stated that the>
Mcrgans for some reason did hot care to
enter the compact. The reckoning la to
come to-morrow, and despite the promls
•ng features of the closing hours to-day a
doubt lingers as to the effect of the
Northern Pacific situation upon the whole
market to-morrow.
An industrial leader made th!3 state
ment:
I believe the worst of the storm Is over.
There have been conferences of importance"
among the larger financiers and it has been
decided that every man of standing In the>
street shall be protected. I had thought there
would be failures, but there are influences
strong enough to avert those at work, and I
am sure now they will succeed. I look for
buying orders and a rally in the market. There
will also be peace among interests now at
war.
BTTRIiTNGTON DEAL 13 SAFE.
/Their Opponents:
How Morgan-Hill Interests Outwitted
NE"W YORK. May 9.— To-night an indi
vidual who has been party to the confer
ence relating to the strained conditions
in Wall street this week made statements
and explanations which give' to the con
test in "Wall street a different construc
tion than was generally accepted down
town to-day. He said:
To-morrow morning Kuhn. Loeb & Co. will
publish a notice saying they will let out their
Northern Pacific to shorts at J150. A positive
statement is mads to-night that to-morrow J.
P. Morgan & Co. will notify shorts that they
will be released on short obligations to Morgan
& Co. on the basis of $130: This will be the
penalization. The shorts will get no stock from
Slorgan & Co. They will sret only freedom.
The Burlington deal -will be known to-morrow
as an accomplished fact. It has already been
accomplished. The Morgan-Hill Interests con
trol the Northern Pacific stock and the board
of directors has absolute power to close th»
Northern Paclnc-Burlington merger without th9
consent of two-thirds of Northern Pacific stock.
The old laws of the Northern Pacific prescribed
that two-thirds of the stock should assent to
such a transaction as the present deal. This
provision, still printed In the manual, accepted
as authentic, has misled the opponents of tha
Morgan-Hill plans, because in the reorganiza
tion the two-thirds provision was abolished and
ahe power was vested solely in the board of
directors.
This release by Morgan-Hill and the letting
out of actual stock no longer useful to them
by the opposing Interests Is expected to relieve
the tension and smooth out the complications
in Wall street to-morrow.
In the light of these facts and conditions it
becomes apparent why Morgan-Hill Interests
declined the propositions of their opponents to
loan stocks to shorts pro rata.
per cent, indicating that they were un
able to save themselves from considerable
losses in addition to those of their specu
lative customers. The situation was still
felt to be sufficiently serious after the
closing of the day's markets to constitute
the heaviest moral pressure upon the
great financial interests whose conflict
precipitated the crisis, to adjust and com
promise their differences, and confidence
in the future Is based upon a strong hope
that some means of doing this will be
found. _',< :¦:,
• ;
SEEKING A FINANCIAL TKTJCE.
Kuhn, Loeb & Co. and Harriman Syn •
dicate Favor Reasonable Peace.
NEW YORK, May 9.— Night closed upon
the eventful, trying day without definite
settlement as to the Northern Pacific, the
central figure in the fierce struggle. It
was anticipated that there would be an
agreement for settlement with the shorts,
but it was evidently not finally concluded.
Shortly after the market closed it was
•semi-officially announced that a basis of
settlement had been practically agreed
upon and that it would be clinched before
nightfall. At 5 o'clock, however, Kuhn,
Loeb & Co., whom the street accepts as
masters of the situation, announced that
nothing could or would be said as to the
stock to-day. There was a spirit of com
promise and conciliation in the air, but
until it should bear the fruit of definite
settlement the situation in Northern Pa
cific was felt to be a menace to the whole
market. Kuhn, Loeb & Co. and the men
enlisted with them in the Harriman syn
dicate seem disposed to a reasonable
peace, and on the outside the strongest
Influences of the iinanclal world are mov
ing determinedly for a financial truce
that will protect the market, avert panic
and restore confidence. In addition to an
arrangement with the shorts It Is be
lieved that the settlement of the fight will
also involve the future relations of the
Union Pacific, Northern Pacific, Great
Northern and Burlington. Men close to
the Harriman-Kuhn, Loeb & Co. group
insisted that the deal for the sale of the
Burlington to the Great Northern would
be carried through. Granting that Harri
man, Kuhn. Loeb & Co. and their asso
ciates are dominant in Northern Pacific,
it is assumed that they will claim and
win a voice in the future of Burlington.
It is believed that the settlement with the
shorts in Northern Pacific will be made
at 200 or under. Kuhn, Loeb &" Co. say
they deprecate the policy of the third In
terest in taking enormous profits from
the shorts, and their friends avow regret
that outsiders suffer.
A settlement with the shorts would
clear the situation materially, but there
would still remain the great problem in
railroad politics of the future of the road
itself. On that point the following state
ment from, a member of the Harriman
syndicate is significant:
."Northern Pacific is in control of Kuhn,
Loeb & Co. The only thing that can affect
this control will be the possible .inability
of certain people to deliver the stock to
them. J. P. Morgan & .Co. are in the
same position."
The struggle of the financial giants,
which broke the most remarkable move
ment that American stocks have ever had,
dates back but a fortnight. B. H. Harri
man and his associates, so they relate the
story in the street, discovered that
brokers representing J. P. Morgan & Co.
were buying Union Pacific. Harriman at
once began increasing his own holdings,
buying on a market that rapidly ad
vanced, and when sure of control sub
mitted a proposition for some basis of
agreement as to the control of Burlington,
just acquired by the Great Northern and
Northern Pacific. That offer was reject
ed. On Monday last there began a sen
sational movement in Northern Pacific,
and the public got the first intimation of
the battle for supremacy. Street and Nor
ton took all of the stock they could get,
seemingly without regard to prices. Much
of the stock sold to them was for short
account and could not be delivered. It
developed finally that there were three
large interests in the property, two seek
ing its management and the third a spec
ulative profit. Both the Harriman syndi
cate and the Morgan-Hin Interests
claimed control, and the predicament of
the shorts was made worse by the fear
of both the Harriman and Morgan syn
dicates to lend the stocks to the shorts.
It was this fear that led Kuhn, Loeb &
Co. of the Harriman interests to seek an
understanding with Morgan. & Co. as to
the lending of stock to shorts.
To have loaned without an understand
ing was to court the danger of losing the
stock and possibly the dearly purchased
opportunity to control. The shorts
learned yesterday that they were severely
cornered and made frantic efforts to se
cure stock. The movement for their re
lief began last night, but the failure of
the leaders to agree left them in desper
ate straits. There was some consolation
in the extension of time for delivery, but
that after all was merely deferring the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FBI-DAY,. MAY 10, 1901.
As prices began to go down the disposi
tion to buy decreased and the determina
tion to sell, seemed to grow In geometri
cal ratio, as a falling 'body gains in ve
locity the farther it falls. Such a shovel-
Ing out of stocks as occurred during the
Most Rapid Is the DecUne.
deluge of offerings which came upon the
market. . . . . •
.'
8
NAME
OF
STOCK.
. . Stock
Outstanding.
Decline.
Depreciation.
Amalgamated Copper •
Atcliison common.
AtchiKon preferred
CliewapeaUe end Ohio. •_•.*•
St. Pan!...' ;....
Rock Island
Delaware and Hudson
Louisville and JVaslivIUe
Manhattan .?
Missouri, Knnoas and Texas
MiRionrl Pacific . ......
Keiv Yorlc Central.
Southern- Pacific • •.••' .....'..*•. \\
Union Pacific
United States Steel. ..... .". . .... . . .'.'.
United States Ste«l preferred. V.
975,000.000
102,000,000
114,lJM>,50O
0O,R33,OOO
47,14S,«5OO -
r>o.ooo,ooo
. ." KB.OOO.OOO
52,SOO,OOO
4K.OOO.OOO '
55,1 Ml, OOO
47.507,000 ¦
1 1 5,000,000
107,832,100
05,978,500
, . BRO,OOO,OOO .
550,000,000
I ;
1 '
. 20 • point*
35 1-4 points
24 5-8 points
18 „ points
31 1-2 points
33 points
OO point*
20 1-4 points
37 pointft
22 .points
31 1 -points
13 1-4 points
2O points
37 points
, 21 3-4 points
29. points
$19,500,000
35,995,000
32.«S»,75G
1O,N9(I,O12
14,S51.«OO
- 10,500,000
21.000,000
¦ 13.SOO.OOO'
• 17,700,000
12,139,820
13.727,170
15,237,5<M>
39,500,420
35,532,045
110,625.000
159,500,000
NAME
OF
STOCK.
. . Stock
Outstanding.
Decline.
Depreciation.
Amalgamated Copper •
Atcliison common.
AtchiKon preferred
CliewapeaUe end Ohio. •_•.*•
St. Pan!...' ;....
Rock Island
Delaware and Hudson
Louisville and JVaslivIUe
Manhattan .?
Missouri, Knnoas and Texas
MiRionrl Pacific . ......
Keiv Yorlc Central.
Southern- Pacific • •.••' .....'..*•. \\
Union Pacific
United States Steel. ..... .". . .... . . .'.'.
United States Ste«l preferred. V.
975,000.000
102,000,000
114,lJM>,50O
0O,R33,OOO
47,14S,«5OO -
r>o.ooo,ooo
. ." KB.OOO.OOO
52,SOO,OOO
4K.OOO.OOO '
55,1 Ml, OOO
47.507,000 ¦
1 1 5,000,000
107,832,100
05,978,500
, . BRO,OOO,OOO .
550,000,000
I ;
1 '
. 20 • point*
35 1-4 points
24 5-8 points
18 „ points
31 1-2 points
33 points
OO point*
20 1-4 points
37 pointft
22 .points
31 1 -points
13 1-4 points
2O points
37 points
, 21 3-4 points
29. points
$19,500,000
35,995,000
32.«S»,75G
1O,N9(I,O12
14,S51.«OO
- 10,500,000
21.000,000
¦ 13.SOO.OOO'
• 17,700,000
12,139,820
13.727,170
15,237,5<M>
39,500,420
35,532,045
110,625.000
159,500,000
ADVERTISEMENTS.
y J^-tgjjf'dszLr*^ r> Y° u can always smell a "dead
i^^^m^^^^fefy^- ' He has# a costive-looking face.
' sWi / )s$& h*J/' : ItviV jb> ' H |#s - breath knocks you down.
vOA r^^///^%^^ He dra^ s hisfect
rn.^}Zjl^n^^ A aM Listeners to his talk turn their
v "/j A \ h ca( k the other way.
¦ \ ii^A ' f/'n jP s breath poisons God's pure
r' • He ought to keep clean inside;
—that means sweet breathy quick brain, swift moving feet. You can't feel well
and act well with your bowels dogged, sending poison all through your body.
\ Clean them out gently but thoroughly and keep them clean with CA5CARETS
Candy Cathartic, and you will find that air bowel and liver ills and the nasty
symptoms that go with them are quickly and permanently
LIVER TONIC _— rt^r^v^ 5 *^"^
all druggists^^^*^^^^^'"^ 3^ 0^ SOLD IN BULK.
l ; - '** R B f* W° *U bowel trouble*, appendicitis, bll- AIRS ff% B ft ETIr* I" Pi TO.CITREj Pi Te Trar , n ~ o
B " S G L* la lousness, bad breath, bad blood, wind § ¦ S B W ij S\ fid I |_ jL I 1 t( y ««••* »ox of I'ASCAK-
RdhBSih on tlio Ktomach, bloated bowels, foul B'JgBfi^asWlM 9 i!lli £rSwal •«»•<«.. Now it ii
WllBa mouth, headache. Indigestion, pimple*, vUnilfllB I iatlaU ""!*. mlx m J 1UoB v boxe » A
pain* after eatlnjr, liver trouble. Mallow complexion ,i n n ar medidne In th« world. y Vhi\ 1- abiofotl p?»«r^r
and dizziness. When your bowels don't move regtt' pr«-at merit, and our hest testimonial. "We. ha-re faith nad
- larly you are gettlnsr Melt. Constipation kills mon will »eii (iascabets nbsoiately guaranteed to euro or
people than all otlsor disease* together. < It i* .4 money refunded. Go bay todai, two SOc hoxei. slw thnn »
. .-, starter for the chronic ailments and Ions year* oa i«t r ;2Vi3Kd ««I'™iE^iJSBiS ££flL lons ' fj 1 * ' r *<"» nro
.offering that con.e atterwardj. NormaUer what I g£ •£tf^^&?t2 n ££gttu^™*^Xtf&
all* yon, start taking CASCAItETS to-day, for you whom you purchased It, and iret your noatv back lor both
-will never get well and bo .well all the time until bone*. Tnioonr ad vice— no matter what nils voiT-Vtnrt t<>-
. yon put your bowels right. * Take our advice; start day. Health will qaleUly follow and von win bless the d»-r
with CASCAKETS to-day, under an absolute gtmr- T??°™ tB * a j1r.H^ e 2w«^^ A f^^^» oUrpe « t 7=»aii.
antce to cure or money refunded. t« Address: hTEKLDiO EEXEDI CO., JiEW ICEtt or CHICAGO,RAILROAD MAN WHO REFUSED A
POSITION CARRYING A SALARY
OF ?50,000.
TO ARRIVE.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the> same at both places.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of tha Superintendent.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
FRIDAY. MAY 10.
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day;- the third time column gives the last tide
of the day, except when there are but 'three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey Charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
tbe number given Is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. . The plane of reference
la the mean of the. lower low waters.
HALIFAX— Arrived May 9— Stmr Corean,
from Glasjrow and Liverpool, via St Johns
N F, for Philadelphia. . . ;
ST VINCENT— Arrived May 9— Stmr Robert
Adamson, from Portland, Or. via Callao. • - •
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 9— Stmr Teu
tonic, from New York; stmr Waesland, from
Philadelphia. . • .
PLYMOUTH— Arrived May 9— Stmr. Colum
bia, from New York, for Cherbourg and Ham
burg. ¦
SHANGHAI— Sailed . May 9— Stmr Almond
Branch, for Port Townsend. . . . ...
fi GLASGOW— Sailed May , 2— Stmr Assyrian,
for New York. •
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 9— Stmr Ocean
ic, from Liverpool/ for New York. ; ¦
NEW YORK— Arrived May 9— Stmr Penn
sylvania, from Hamburg. ¦ - '
Sailed May 9— Stmr. Grosser Kurfurst, \ for
OCEAN STEAMERS.
• Sailed May 7— Stmr Alllanca, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived May 8— Ship Shenan
donh, hence 10.
HONGKONG— Sailed April 9— Br ship Moz
ambique, for Oregon.
¦ SHANGHAI— Arrived May S— Br atmr In
drani. • ,
LIZARD— Passed May 8— Ger bark Pallas,
from Chemalnus, " for Calais.
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed May 8— Br ship Port
Patrick, for Havre. ; : . .
NANAIMO— Arrived May &— Stmr San Ma
teo, from Port Los Angeles. - ¦
' FOREIGN PORTS. . ' " :''¦
FALMOUTH— Arrived May 9— Br bark KI1
mallle, from Tacoma; Fr bark Louis Pasteur,
from Oregon: Br. ship Leicester Castle, from
Oregon; Fr bark General Melinet, from Ore
gon. .
Sailed May 8— Fr bark General Melinet. for
Hamburg. . May 7— Br ship Ilalcwood, for Ham
burg. - . - -
Passed May 8— Br ship Morven, from Oregon,
for United Kingdom.
YOKOHAMA-Sailed May 7— Ger bark Blr
ma, for Port Townsend.
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed May 8— Bark Ru
fus E Wood, for Honolulu. May 7 — Ship St
Nicholas, for Honolulu. • -
PORT PIRIE— Arrived May 8— Bark Abby
Palmer, from Port Blakeley.
COLON— Arrived May 7— Stmr Finance, from
New York.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived May 8— Schr W
F Jewett. from San Pedro.-- •' :.L '
• SAN DIEGO— Arrived May 9— U S stmr Mo
hican, from Magdalena Bay.' ¦'- '
Arrived May 9— U S stmr Mohloan.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 9— Schr Novelty,
hence April 27. • ¦< -.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 9— Schr Ida
Schnauer, hence April 27; schr W F Jewett.
from San Pedro. .. ••¦ ¦. ,
Sailed May 9— Nor bark Prince Arthur, for
Port Pirier
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May 9— Stmr "Na
tional City, hence May 8.
Sailed May 9— Stmra Sequoia and Scotia, for
Ban Francisco.
COOS BAY— Sailed May 9— Stmr Arcata. for
San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed May 8— Br stmr Queen Ade
laide, for Yokohama; stmr' Matteawan. for
San Francisco. May 9— Stmr Farallon, for
Dyeft.
EUREKA— Arrived May 9— Stmr North Fork,
hence May 7; stmr Pasadena, from San Pedro;
stmr Pomona, hence May 8.
Sailed May 9 — Stmr Aberdeen, for San Pedro;
stmr Alcatraz, for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 7— Schr Laura
Madsen, from Grays Harbor. May S— Stmr
Newburj, from Grays Harbor;
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May 8— Stmr Co
ronado, hence May -4. -
DOMESTIC PORTS.
LONDON, May 8— Br ship Sir. Robert Fer
nie, from Hull, for, . Ban Francisco^ out into
Gravesend with loss iof ¦ anchors "and chains,
having been affroundi- ; ; " V ::
MISCELLANEOUS,
Schr A J West, bound ' from Manila for
Grays Harbor, put into Yokohama May 8 for
calking. ¦
April 10. on the equator. Ion 28 "W— Br ship
Riverside, hence/Jan 7, for Liverpool.
Feb 14. lat 19 S, Ion 124 W— Fr bark Lo
moriciere, hence Jan 7, for Queenstown.
Feb 21, lat 34 S, Ion 125 W— Ger ship Alster
kamji, from Oresron, for Queenstown.
SPOKEN.
POINT LOBOS, May 9. 10 p m— "Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 22 miles per hour.
Thursday, May 9.
Stmr Sierra, Houdlette, Honolulu and Syd
ney. .
Stmr Santa Barbara. Zaddart, Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Jacobs, Bowens Landing.
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, Eureka.
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen, San Pedro.
Bark St Katherine, Saunders, Hllo.
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen, Grays Harbor.
Schr J G Wall, Anderson. Eureka.
TELEGRAPHIC.
SAILED.
Stmr Corona. Gielow, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co. ¦ ¦
Bark Gerard C Tobey, - Gove, . Honolulu ;
Welch & Co. - >
Steamer Movements.
Bremen, via Cherbourg; stmr Fuerst Bismarck,
for Hambure, via Plymouth and Cherbourg;
stmr L Champag-ne, for Havre; stmr Werra,
for Naples; stmr Belyravla, for Genoa.
BRITISH SHIP EURASIA UNDER BARE POLES OFF THE HORN AND THE FOUR-MASTED BARK DOWAN
HILL PASSING UNDER HER STERN. THE TWO VESSELS ARRIVED TOGETHER, NOW DOCKED AT THE
SAME WHARF AND PROBABLY ' WILL SAIL TOGETHER.
$10 25, Ban Francisco to Los Angeles, for
first cabin passage. Including ' meals and
berth. Only twenty-eix hours en route.
Steamer Eanta Rosa or Queen 1 from
Broadway wharf every Sunday and
Wednesday, stopping only at Santa Bar
bara. Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
office 4 New Montgomery street, under
Palace HoteL
Low Bates — Improved Service.
A Jury in Judge Troutt's court found a
verdict yesterday sustaining the will of
the late Mary McKenna. Patrick Kearny,
a relative of the deceased, contested the
will on the ground that It •was executed
by the deceased when , she was not of
sound mind, and also thai she was unduly
Influenced to disinherit him. .The. jury,
however, found that his allegations were
not based on fact.
Sustains Hary McKenna's Will.
NAPLES— Arrived May i— Stmr Aller.^ from
New York, ¦ via' Gibraltar, for Genoa, ¦ and pro
ceeded. A|BHHHMBBHHBBIMB&Sh
V ARRIVED. . '
Thursday, ¦ May 9.
Btmr Columbia, Doran, 50 hours from Port
land, via Astoria 41 hours, j
Stmr I Newport, Saunders, 25 days 15 hours
from 'Panama and way ports. , •.
¦¦ " DOMESTIC PORT." ,
PORTLAND. Or— Cleared May 9— Ship Nere
ub, for Queenstown, with 104.801 bushels wheat
OCEAN" STEAMERS.- '
LIZARD — Passed '¦ May 9-^-Stmr Zealandla.
from . New York. ' for Southampton and Ant
werp." '
CHERBOURG— Arrived May. »— Stmr Colum-'
bla," from New York, via Plymouth, for Ham
burg, and proceeded. • • ¦ .- ¦ • /.
ST MICHAEL— Arrived May 9— Stmr Ugurla,
from New York, for Naples and Genoa. • ,
ROTTERDAM— Sailed May- 9— Stmr Amster
dam, for Boulogne and New York. ,
LIVERPOOL— Sailed May 9— Stmr New Eng
land, for Queenstown and Boston.
LONDON— Sailed - May 8— Stmr Mesaba, for
New (York. ¦ : ¦ v
LATE SHIPPING .INTELLIGENCE.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Kate Strand from <3usta.ve Strand
for habitual intemperance. Marguerite
Hoppe from Edward Hoppe for extreme
cruelty and Nena C. Voorhies from R. P.
Voorhies for desertion. ' _i ' ;
Suits for divorce have been flled by Es
tella K. Bethell against Norman P. Beth
ell for failure to provide, Laura F. Cook
against Edward A. Cook for neglect and
Kate Benz against Frederick Benz for de
sertion.
The battleship Iowa returned fronv Pu
get Sound yesterday. During her absence
she was on the Port : Orchard drydock
and ..was thoroughly overhauled. When
ehe- came ¦ in' : yesterday Rear Admiral
Casey had , her • anchored in the position
she .will occupy during the President's
visit. The Wisconsin will come down from
the Union Iron Works and take up her
position to-day, and the Philadelphia will
come down from -Mare Island ' to-morrow.
Battleship Iowa Here.
The. largest schooner ever built on this
coast will be launched /at North Beach
next week. • She will be a five-master, of
1150 tons burden and will be christened
W7 H. Marston, after the- popular Mayor
of Berkeley. The Marston Is intended for
the island trade, and will make her first
trip. to Honolulu early in June. She will
cost about $85,000 to build and equip and
is owned by > San Francisco parties." -
A Five Masted Schooner.
The- Sierra ¦ took away an unusually
large and valuable cargo and the follow
ing passengers: ; .; , .-¦_¦:¦;
! For Honolulu— E. J. Benjamin,' Mrs. C. O.;
Berger. C. Birch and wife, Georte Connors,'
Mrs. Cummlngs, Miss Cummingp, H. F. S. Da
vis and wife. S. Dolliver and wife, Mrs. F. P.
Dolliver, Lillian Dolliver, W. J. EUeford and
wife. Miss Eveline. Rev. W. Felmy and/wife.
J.r Flower, T. S. Hall, Colonel A. G. Ha wen,
Mies H. Hoffman, Mrs.: M. O.; Hoffman, R. B. !
Hogue. C. Walser, J. F. : Knapp, Peter Kray
man. Miss A. Laird, George D. Linn, Miss Lu
nlng, MIbs H. Macfarlance, Miss . L. • Macfar
lane, J. E. Morsran and. wife, :J. S. Newman,'
T J. Norton, Miss K. Norton, Miss S. Norton,
Mrs. C. Olson, W. H. Rice and wife, J. Rob
erts Mrs. W. Ryder, Master Ryder, R. W.
Spaiding, Charles Sullivan, C. Taylor, C. D.
Vincent. . V. Waldron, W. Wallini:, L. Watson
and wife, P. L. Weaver, C. Weinshenk, B. F.
White wife and two children; Miss wideman
and maid, R. 8. Williams, Miss C. B. Williams.
F.- Wyman.
Pago PaRO— Wlllam Geil.
Auckland— James Atereon, H. M. Singleton.
Sydney— F. H.« Chamberlain, wife and child;
F Cole, wife and childl; R. F. Densmore, R.
GUI and wife. Miss GUI, J. R. Hunter and wife,
G. T. Irving, Mrs,. M.~B. Jones,. W. P. Kaiser,
wife and child; Mrs. J.» E. ' .Lowes, Mrs: A.
Marquard, -F. T. McHenry, C. L. S.- Laferme,
William McLean, D. H. McLeod, Miss J. Mc-
Leod. Mrs. A. Morgan and' infant, J. Morton
Jr and wife, J. V. Newman. Miss M. • New
man Miss V. Newman, "H. T. Noyes, Miss J.
Powell. Miss J. Stephen, . Mrs. J. t Stitt, J. B.-
Van Holby, W. W. Virtue, W. A. Willlngham,
Mrs. William Wolff. > ¦ \ .
To join at Honolulu for Sydney— A. O. Wool
1 ' itfllilHJ -.-'¦- •'-,-¦• : '¦:¦ .-,:,:.
Otto Cribb, the Australian pugilist, who
came here to win fame and fortune but
failed, tried to stow away on the Oceanic
Company's steamship Sierra yesterday,
but failed. He was caught hid away in
the chain locker . just as the vessel was
leaving the dock. He was about to be
bundled ashore when he produced a roll
of English banknotes and paid his full
fare. Had it not been for a brutal attack
Cribb made on a cripple last Wednesday
on the Oceanic wharf he might have got
away without. detection, but when the
news of his conduct got wind everybody
on the ship was eager to find him; .
Away in the Chain Locker.
MAIL STEAMSHIP SIEBBA SAILS
Australian Pugilist Tries to Stow
"Steeple Jack" climbed the flagpole sur
mounting the ferry depot again yesterday.
He. placed over the golden ball at the top
of the staff a large reflector, under which.
is a cluster of electric Rights. These Hghts
wlU form part of the tower decorations
during the President's visit.
Captain F. B. Zaddart has been appoint
ed to the command of the steam schooner
Santa Barbara, Captain Thomas Hansen
to the steam schooner Samoa and Captain
M. A. Anderson to the schooner J. G.
The dismasted bark Willy Rickmers
•will be taken to the Risdon Iron Works
for an overhauling next Saturday. She
will be remasted and rerigjred and gener
ally put in first-class condition.
The schooner A. J. West, now fifty days
out from Manila for Grays Harbor, has
put into Yokohama to be calked. She
sprung a. leak during heavy weather off
the Japanese coast. '
"Water Front Notes.
Many Friends Pay Last Tribute
of Bespect to His
Memory.
The funeral of Colonel James R. Dickey
took place Wednesday afternoon and was
largely attended. The Rev. George G.
Eldredge of St. John's Presbyterian
Church conducted the services at a -Mis
sion-street undertaking parlor. Mrs.
Dickey, wife of Colonel Dickey, was an
active member of Dr. Heznphill's Calvary
Church, and in the absence of Dr. Hemp
hill the Rev. Mr. Eldredge was called to
conduct the service. The floral tributes
consisted of twenty-five beautiful pieces
a,nd several wreaths. In the sentiment of
(sympathy expressed in floral offerings
many well-known citizens joined.
The officiating clergyman read the ser
vice provided by the Hook of Prayer. The
Press Club Quartet, consisting of Fletcher
Tilton, Charles Goettinsr, D. M. Warde
and Charles Parent, sang "Still, Still
With Thee." "Consolation" and "Good
night." The parlors where the. service
was held were appropriately decked with
flowers. The pallbearers were: P. B.
Quinlan, C. J. Reilley. Dr. William Bryan,
Alex McCord. William Bridge, Martin
O'Day, J. M. Wilkens, Judge James Har
•worth. Captain Stone, Mr. Rust. E. Glad
•win and A. B. Patrick. The body was
borne to Laurel Hill Cemetery for inter
ment.
SIMPLE BUT IMPBESSIVE
FXTITEBAL OF COLONEL DICKET
terday. »
Harriman ¦wants a first-class railroad
man to fill the position of traffic manager
or, mere properly, traffic adviser for his
gigantic pool of railroad lines. These lines
include the Southern Pacific system,
TTnion Pacific, Oregon Railway and Xavi
pation Company, Oregon Short Line,
Illinois Central and Chicago and Alton.
The Dosition has been tendered to Paul
Morton of Chicago, second vice president
of the Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe
system, by Harriman and refused. The
fi'eld of railroad men eligible for the post
was then looked over and J. C. Stubbs'
name -was mentioned, but he was rot
engaged, as he is deemed too valuable a
man to be taken from the Southern Pa
cific Harriman decided that Morton was
the man for the place and again offered it
P?»nr«^HERE is a railroad Job vacant
I with a salary of '550,000 a year at-
I tached to it- Who will set the
JJL position was a Question dis
cussed by local railroad men yes-
judge Troutt is now busy settling the
account of the executors of the estate, to
which many objections have been made.
So soon as this matter is disposed of the
petition of Liebe Friedman will occupy
the attention of the court, and as the
executors and other claimants deny her
relationship a lively contest is expected.
The depositions of Chaim Mansfeld, Da
vid Schlaume, Abraham Gordon and Mos
ha Mecholovitch, all of whom reside at
Hasenpot, were received yesterday and
placed on file. All of the deponents sup
port Mrs. Friedman's contention. The de
ponents testify that the petitioner had no
brother, but six sisters — Elke, Iisse, Indes,
Ihoure,- Menese and Masse Chan. Iisse
married Solomon Ellas Friedman and to
them was born Julius Friedman, to whose
estate Liebe Friedman now lays claim as
an aunt of the deceased. ? •-.-•
Four residents of far-away Hasenpot,
Kailand, Russia, have offered their testi
mony in support of the claim of Liebe
Friedman that she is the next of , kin and
sole heir at law of the late Julius Fried
man, the well-known capitalist of this
city, who died about two years ago. Liebe
Friedman claimed in her petition for dis
tribution to her of two-thirds of deced
ent's estate, one-third of the same being
devised to charity, that she was the wid
ow of Wolff Friedman and the sister of
Iisse Friedman, mother 'of the late Julius
Friedman, and hence his aunt. In view
of this relationship, there being no other
heirs living so closely related, she claimed
the riffht to distribution.
Capitalist of This
City.
Testify She Is the Aunt of the Late
FOTTB WITNESSES SUPPOBT
I/TRiBE FRIEDMAN'S CI*AIM
Harriman's Dlan is to- have as the traf
fic adviser for his big syndicate of rail
roads a man who is popular with the ship
ping public as well as a practical railroad
man. The one who will hold the position
will bo expected to make a study of the
Harriman roads, watch the business,
make suggestions and order changes
where he considers them necessary. His
headquarters will be at Chicago. It is
thought some one will be appointed to the
place at once.
- ¦ \
.5.
to him. At the present time MSrton is
considering the proposition., but an inti
mate friend of his who lives in this city
said yesterday that he felt almost certain
that Morton would not accept the respon
sible post.
Morton has been second vice president
of the Santa Fe road for the past five
years. As a practical railroad traffic man
ager he is conservatively considered the
foremost in the United States. He i« a
man of splendid proportions, being six
feet three Inches tall. He is in the
prime of life, being 44 years of ege, and
has the reputation of being a man who
can begin work at S o'clock In
the morning and stay at his desk
managing railroad affairs until late
in the evening- month after month with
out showing the slightest eign of fatigue.
This is just the man Harriman wants and
to whom he is willing to pay an enormous
salary. • Morton, however, though not of
a sentimental temperament, assured., a
close friend recently that ¦ he -would re
main with the Santa Fe as long as it
wanted him.
i. .-Thursday, May. 9.- :
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, 14 houra . from
Mendocino, *etc. ,
Stmr Crescent City, Payne, 81 hours from
Crescent . City. ¦ ' . . -. • ¦'¦ -¦ '¦
Stmr Luella, Madsen, 14 hours from Caspar.
Stmr Ruth, Hlgglns. 24 hours from Eureka.
Btmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 45 hours from
San Diero and way ports." .
Stmr Alcazar, ' Martin, 46 hours from Por1
Los Angeles. . ¦' ; - ¦¦
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, • 24 hours from Most
Landing. - , • - ' . —
¦ Btmr -Brunswick, Andresen, 48 hours froir
San '.Pedro. , ¦ :¦'-¦- . -¦:¦¦
: Stmr South Coast, Olsen, 24 hours from Eu
reka.. -- -¦,-'•¦' i ¦' ¦ ¦'- - -
Stmr Eureka, Jessen; , 24 hours from Eureka,
Stmr San Pedro, Jahnsen/22 hours from Eu
reka: bound south;) put in to land passengers.
U S stmr Iowa, Terry, 3 days from Port Or
chard. — : • "^*i»?
Schr Archie and Fontie, , Hunting, 24 hours
from Bo wens Landing. ' ... , • * .
Schr La Glronde, Hansen, 2 days from Eu
reka,', v:- ' - ;-:'¦'*: . ¦¦ ' •' -•'¦-' ¦ "¦ . ' '¦.•':
¦Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell, 5; hours from
Point -Reyes. ¦¦ : ; " • '
. , .. ' CLEARED.
: Thursday, May. P. .
v Stmr Sierra, ' Houdlette, Honolulu and ' Syd
ney; 1 J,D Spreckels"& Bros Co. ,
.Shipping. Intelligence.
» ARRIVED.
The steamer Sierra sailed yesterday for Syd
ney and way ports with merchandlse,for Aus
tralia valued at $172,943; New Zealand, (34,653;
Samoa, $1634. The principal - exports were as
follows: . ¦
For Australia— 2480 ctls barley, 33,600 lbs blue
stone, 46,237 lbs coffee, 1249 cs, canned goods.
950 cs cereal foods, 30 cs candy, 3932 lbs dried
fruit, 08 cs druES, . 1S.723 lbs. hops, 44. rolls
leather, 121,221 ft lumlwr, 3C01 doors, 312 pkgs
152 cs metal polish, 187 pkgs machinery, 248
rolls newspaper, 160 bbla oil, 32 bales overalls,
19 cs photo goods, 25 cs rubber boots, 11,200 lbs
shot, 1154 cs boots and shoes, . 62 cs salmon, 1 24
bdls shook*, 37 pkgs sewing machines and fix
tures. 16 cs scales, 10 cs whisky.
, For New Zealand— ICO bales bags,- 6 crs bi
cycles and sundries, 844 lbs beans, 617 cs canned
goods, 1130 lbs coffee, 411 cs cereal foods, 30,492
lbs dried fruit, 835 tbs hops, 6200 ft lumber, 135
cs metal polish, 139 pkgs machinery, 66 rolls
newspaper, 5 bales overalls,- 88 cs raisins, 365
cs salmon, -22 cs shoes, 6 cs wine. ,
For Samoa— 13 cs canned goods, 400 gals coal
oil, 3 colls cordage. 219 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 27 bbls flour, 128 cs hardware, 9322 lbs
rice, 5 pkgs wagon t material.
Cargo on the Sierra.
Shipping Merchants.
The Latona will load lumber on Puget Sound
for West Coast, ownars'. account; the Metha
Nelson, merchandise for Kahului. .
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
IT is rarely that two ships see as
much of each other as have the
Eurasia and Dowan Hill during the
past six months. In fact, during five
months of that time the history of
one vessel has practically been that of
the other. Captains Hughes and Puxley
have almost Identical stories to tell, with
this exception: Some of. the crew of the
Dowan Hill caught Captain Puxley up
town and beat him. Several futile
attempts /-were also made to waylay the
captain and mates of the Eurasia by cer
tain members of the crew, who, finding;
themselves foiled, threw a bottle aboard
iilled with some explosive that came near
doing a great amount of damage. There
is a ble dent in the break of the poop
where the bottle struck. •• . ¦
The British ship Eurasia sailed from
Hamburg on November 28, and the four
masted bark Dowan Hill from Newcastle,
Kngland, on November 24. Both vessels
were in company in the North Sea, They
did not see each other again until Feb
ruary 9, when both were in a heavy gale
off Cape. Horn. On the Eurasia every
thing was blown out of the gaskets, save
a. small staysail, while, the Dowan Hill
had her lower staysails split, the forecas
tle doers burst in and every thins: movable
on; deck washed overboard. Captain
Hughes could just keen the Eurasia's
head ud to the wind when tho Dowan Hill
came bearing down on the starboard tack.
After some clever handling the latter
vessel passed under the Eurasia's stern,
but so close that every man on each ship
could be made out. . • . '
The two vessels again parted company
the next day, only to again meet on! the
Farallones on May 1. The Eurasia got the
flrst tow and about noon was anchored
off Meiggs wharf. Six hours later the
Dowan Hill came in and anchored close
to the Eurasia. A couple of days ago the
Eurasia docked at Union-street wharf
and yesterday the Dowan Hill wa» put In i
the berth on the other side of the same
pier. Both are chartered to load wheat,
and the chances are that they will sail in
company lor England.
Captain Hughes expects to get quick
dispatch here, and in consequence tried
hard to keep his men by the ship. Sun
day last a number of them, tried to desert,
but were caught by First Mate Oldfleld.
During the night, however, they got away
and ever since they have been trying to
waylay the captain and mates in order to
give them a beating. When they heard
now Captain Puxley had been mauled by
some of his crew on Market street they
thought it would be a good idea to serve
Captain Hughes in the same" manner.
Monday night they nearly caught Mate
Oldfleld on Davis street, and Tuesday
night they surrounded Captain Hughes
on East street, but the appearance of a
policeman made them scatter. i
To understand what follows it is neces
sary to explain that the employes of the
Harbor Commission are repairing Union
street wharf, and last Wednesday a space
about twelve feet sauare was uncovered
in the middle of the wharf.' Wednesday
after dark the deserters paid the ship a
visit and several of them called upon Cap
tain Hughes to show himself. A few sec
onds later the loaded bottle was thrown,
and when the crash came the men ran
away. Four of them ran into the open
hole in the wharf and nearly perished
from cold before they were rescued. They
dared not call for assistance, and had to
hang on to piles for half an hour until the
disturbance was over. Then they were
helped on to the wharf again . by the
watchman and quickly made their escape.
A meeting of the executive committee of
the Carriage-makers' Association will be
held to-night at Native Sons' Hall. Many
of the strikers were willing' to return to
work yesterday, but their offers of help
were declined for the present. This strike
will probably be settled by mutual conces
sions during the next forty-eight hours.
Upon the results of the meeting of the
San Francisco Labor Council to-night
practically depends a solution of the prob
lem. The executive committee has pre
pared its report, favoring moderation.
Should it decide that all unions should be
called out in a sympathetic strike -none
can decide what the result will be.
Mayor Phelan has not as yet called the
conference that was to have been held in,
his office on ! Wednesday afternoon be
tween employers and employes. The mat
ter is still under consideration. Some peo
ple say that questions of politics are in
volved and the Mayor does not want to be
involved in the controversy even as an
arbitrator. So the matter rests at pres
ent.
Therefore in ' considering the present labor
situation the Building Trades Council desires
the public to understand that it approves of
legitimate unionism with a Just and consistent
retard for the rights of all.
p. h. McCarthy,
President Building Trades Council.
O. A. TVEITMOE, Secretary Building Trades
Council.
The Building Trades Council recognizes as
business agents, in addition to its own, only
such persons as have been reported to and ap
proved by the Building Trades Council, and
these are as follows: Foi^the council— H. - M.
Saunders. William Danlelson; Cement Workers
— T. K. Ryan; Carpenters — J. J. Swanson; Elec
trical Workers— R. G. Alexander; Plumbers—
J. Lftyton; Painters— R. W. Hause; Glaziers
and Ornamental Glass Workers— S. E. Hopper;
VarniBhers* and Polishers' Union No. 134—
Joseph Tulte; Laborers' Protective and Benevo
lent Association — William O'Donnell. And
statements appearing In the newspapers com
ing from self-constituted business agents are
not to be credited as expressive of the opinion
of the Building Trades Council. -
Recognized Business Agents.
In view of the foregoing the Building Trades
Council desires to notify all affiliating unions
that in matters general in their character and
directed by the institutions other than the
Building Trades Council the council will not
allow any fines to be Imposed for violations of
any supposed rule referring to those general
matters, unless said union first brings the
grievance to the attention of the Building
Trades Council to the end that the entire fam
ily of building trades be allowed to pass upon
the advisability of the Imposition of such fine;
nor will the Building Trades Council counte
nance any interference with the calling out of
any of Its members from any department of the
building Industry by persons desirous of en
tangling the Building Trades Council with out
side and foreign difficulties.
Second— The Building Trades Council de
sires it understood by. the public that it lends
Its support, moral and financial, to matters
only with which it has had to do with the
inauguration and arrangement of details In
their entirety; that the Building Trades Coun
cil never has and never will become a party
to anything with which It haB not had the full
management as above stated; that those who
are now desirous of making the Building
Trades Council responsible for and in a meas
ure a party to. the present difficulties between
employers and employes have in the recent
past been found in the same capacity endeav
oring through other channels, to disrupt and
destroy the efficiency of and usefulness in the
building industry of this institution, which
for many years lias occupied the position of
safety valve in the labor movement, and has
successfully maintained the dignity of labor,
with the full appreciation of the employer;
that the Building Trades Council discounten
ances certain interviews which convey the idea
that the employers of labor 83 a class are
opposed to the best interests of organized la
bor and its legitimate requests, when pre
sented properly and in a spirit of fairness—
the best illustration of which lies in the fact
that the Building Trades Council has upon
different- occasions signified its willingness to
submit matters of vital importance to the
building industry entirely to the Merchants'
Association of this city for adjustment or ar
bitration, and further has always . had the
'editorial support of all the leading news
papers of the city, when matters of general
public importance were being considered.
Must Have Entire Control.
Because of the many statements and inter
views published within the last . few days,
many of which purport to come from repre
sentatives of the building industry attaching
to themselves the important title of Business
Agent, and by that means connecting ¦ by In
nuendo and otherwise the name of the Build
ing Trades Council with the present contro
versy, the Building Trades Council desires tc
lay before the public, as clearly as possbile
the position occupied by it and ita afnliatins
unions In the building- business:
; First— The Building- Trades Council at no
time has had anything to do with the condi
tions which have led up to the said contro
versy, either in an official or unofficial man
ner.
Iseitner side was prepared to make any
statements regarding existing' codltions.
President Johnson nas a sore throat, and
Organizer Pierce and Secretary Rosen
berg of the Labor Council had no time to
dictate statements. Both sides admitted
that there was no change in the situation.
The Building- Trades Council has be
come interested in the striker At the meet
ing held last night Louis Chester, chair
man of the executive committee, present
ed the following statement, which was
adopted:
Reinforced by sympathizers from the
butchers, bakers, barbers, cooks, confec
tioners and other unions, the striking
waiters and cooks. made a demonstration,
last nlg-ht, followine the same lingi of
parade as on last Saturday night. The
same banners were carried and the same
cries were uttered in the front of non
union restaurants. The waitresses occu
pied carriages . furnished . by the Hack
men's Union. ¦¦'.'•' f .
As usual, the greatest display was made
in front of the Market-street -restaurant
owned bv President Johnson, of the res
taurant proprietors' organization. A force
or police was on hand to prevent any dis
tumance, but was not needed. Jonnson's
and other non-union restaurants were
closed early in the evening to avoid
trouble. > .. v -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 10, 1901.
Throw a Bottle Loaded With an Explosive Against Ship's Poop.
Coincidences in Trip of/That Vessel and Dowan Hill*
Carriage-Makers Disposed to
Settle Present Dif
ferences. . ./¦
Statement.
Neither Bosses Nor the
Waiters Will Issue
STRIKERS AGAIN
HOLD A PARADE
SAILORS TRY TO WREAK VENGEANCE
ON THE CAPTAIN OF THE EURASIA
PAUL MORTON REFUSES
FIFTY THOUSAND A YEAR
E. H. Harriman Offers Him v Traffic Management
of His Railroads at a Princely Salary, j
9
Steamer.
From.
| Due.
Arcata Coos Bay May 11
Hyades Seattle May 11
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma.. May 11
San Bias Champerjco ••¦ May 11
Coptic China and Japan May 11
Pomona.. Humboldt .'.. May 11
Mattewan Taccma May 11
Alliance Portland & C003 Bay... May 11
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pt3. May 12
Kvarven Comox May 12
Victoria » Oyster Harbor May 12
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... May 12
Mackinaw :Seattle May 12
Queen :San Diego ." May 12
Bonita.. [Newport May 12
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... May 1?
Kambyses Hamburg & Way Ports May 13
North Fork. Humboldt May 13
Fulton Orays Harbor May l;
Eureka 'Humboldt May 14
Grace Dollar... Orays Harbor May 14
Newburg San Pedro May 14
Washtenaw.... Tacoma ". May 14
Marlposa Honolulu May 15
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. | May 15
Corona Newport May 15
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 16
Santa Rosa San Diego May 18
Point Arena Point Areni May 16
TO SAIL.
6teamer. Destination. iSalls. Pier.
~~~ ~ May 10. ~~
Corona...... >. Newport 9 am Pier 11
May 11.
Ruth Humboldt 5 pmlPIer 2
South Coast.. Humboldt 5 pm|Pler 2
Mandalay Coquille River 10 am|Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What 2 pm Pier 2
Peru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 cm Pier S-i
Eureka....... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
May 12.
Santa Rosa... San DleRo 9 am Pier 11
May 13.
Arcata Coos Bay [12 m Pier 13
Alliance Ptld & Coos Bay.] 5 pm Pier —
Pomona TJumboldt 11:30 p Pier 9
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoraa.) 5 Dm Pier 13
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 14.
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Czarina....... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm|Pler 8
Newburg Grays Harbor .... 5 pmlPler 2
• May 15. |
Queen San Diego ......... 9 am I Pier 11
Denderah Hamburg & Way. IPler 7
Fulton........ Grays Harbor '.... 5 pmiPier —
May 1G. |
North Fork... Humboldt 9 amlPler 2
Walla Walla. Pujtet Sound Ports 11 am|Pier 9
Guatemala... | Valparaiso & Way] 2 pmjPler 27
Steamer.
Run r
Sun'i
Moon
f
Pate
10 ...
n ...
rises i 5:05
sets ..7:0?
i rises 11:54 p.m.
Time Time Time Time
Ft. 1 Ft- Ft. Ft.
H W, ¦ L W HW L W
3:10 4.8 10:12 0:4 5:34 4.9 11:00 2.8
4:28 (4.5 11:09 0.6 6:17 5.1
L, W / H W L W H W ..
0:09 2.3 5:51 4.4 12:06 0.9 7:00 5.4
1:10 1.6 7:W| 4.4 1:04 1.2 7.40 5.6
| 2:00 O.S 8:25 4.5 1:54 1.5 8:23i 5.0
I 2:62 0.2 9:33 4.7 2:41 1.7 9:04 6.3
3:43-0.4 10:36 4.8 3:28 2.0 9:46 6.5
12...
13 ...|
14 ...I
15 ...
16 .:.
Steamer.
From.
| Due.
Arcata Coos Bay May 11
Hyades Seattle May 11
South Portland Seattle & Tacoma.. May 11
San Bias Champerjco ••¦ May 11
Coptic China and Japan May 11
Pomona.. Humboldt .'.. May 11
Mattewan Taccma May 11
Alliance Portland & C003 Bay... May 11
Guatemala Valparaiso & Way Pt3. May 12
Kvarven Comox May 12
Victoria » Oyster Harbor May 12
Walla Walla... Puget Sound Ports.... May 12
Mackinaw :Seattle May 12
Queen :San Diego ." May 12
Bonita.. [Newport May 12
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... May 1?
Kambyses Hamburg & Way Ports May 13
North Fork. Humboldt May 13
Fulton Orays Harbor May l;
Eureka 'Humboldt May 14
Grace Dollar... Orays Harbor May 14
Newburg San Pedro May 14
Washtenaw.... Tacoma ". May 14
Marlposa Honolulu May 15
G. W. Elder Portland and Astoria.. | May 15
Corona Newport May 15
Crescent City.. Crescent City May 16
Santa Rosa San Diego May 18
Point Arena Point Areni May 16
TO SAIL.
6teamer. Destination. iSalls. Pier.
~~~ ~ May 10. ~~
Corona...... >. Newport 9 am Pier 11
May 11.
Ruth Humboldt 5 pmlPIer 2
South Coast.. Humboldt 5 pm|Pler 2
Mandalay Coquille River 10 am|Pier 2
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Rainier Seattle & N. What 2 pm Pier 2
Peru China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
City Puebla.. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Argyll N. Y. via Panama. 2 cm Pier S-i
Eureka....... Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
May 12.
Santa Rosa... San DleRo 9 am Pier 11
May 13.
Arcata Coos Bay [12 m Pier 13
Alliance Ptld & Coos Bay.] 5 pm Pier —
Pomona TJumboldt 11:30 p Pier 9
S. Portland... Seattle & Tacoraa.) 5 Dm Pier 13
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
May 14.
Bonlta Newport 9 am Pier 11
Czarina....... Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pm|Pler 8
Newburg Grays Harbor .... 5 pmlPler 2
• May 15. |
Queen San Diego ......... 9 am I Pier 11
Denderah Hamburg & Way. IPler 7
Fulton........ Grays Harbor '.... 5 pmiPier —
May 1G. |
North Fork... Humboldt 9 amlPler 2
Walla Walla. Pujtet Sound Ports 11 am|Pier 9
Guatemala... | Valparaiso & Way] 2 pmjPler 27
Steamer.
Run r
Sun'i
Moon
f
Pate
10 ...
n ...
rises i 5:05
sets ..7:0?
i rises 11:54 p.m.
Time Time Time Time
Ft. 1 Ft- Ft. Ft.
H W, ¦ L W HW L W
3:10 4.8 10:12 0:4 5:34 4.9 11:00 2.8
4:28 (4.5 11:09 0.6 6:17 5.1
L, W / H W L W H W ..
0:09 2.3 5:51 4.4 12:06 0.9 7:00 5.4
1:10 1.6 7:W| 4.4 1:04 1.2 7.40 5.6
| 2:00 O.S 8:25 4.5 1:54 1.5 8:23i 5.0
I 2:62 0.2 9:33 4.7 2:41 1.7 9:04 6.3
3:43-0.4 10:36 4.8 3:28 2.0 9:46 6.5
12...
13 ...|
14 ...I
15 ...
16 .:.
AD VERTTSEBOINT S.
f I 'Phone Main 447, Sherwood & Sher- frcS
fc/jV wood, 212 Market St., San Francisco tt^i
World Famous Marian! Tome
Especially useful in Nervous
Troubles, Malaria, Consumption,
Overwork, Indigestion, La
Grippe, General Debility .j
All Druggists. Refuse Substitutes.
tVIM, VIGOR. VITALITY forMOl
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL£»
have been in uss over fifty
years by the leaders of tho
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively - cure tha
worst cases In old and youn^j
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency. Lost .
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia. Pains In Back. Evil Desires, Lame Back.
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen. r~, df m^ Vericocele or Con-
stipation. Stops Ne *5 K^P rvous Twitching
of Eyelids. Effects JtrL a r e immediate.
Impart viyor andC£r«T*p O tency to every
function. Don't get despondent: a cure Is at
hand. Restore small, undeveloped organs.
Stimulate the brain and flerve centers; 50c a
box; 6 for $2 50 by mail. A written guarantee
?o cure or mor.ey refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY Co..
<0 Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal. GRANT
DRUG CO.. 3S and id Third 3t.
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great $
Museum of i^tomy)
$ £J5 lC511tA2Z£TSX.tet6££7£,S.7.C3l.4
A "^ke Largest Anatomical Maseum in the \
a «ssfe** World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
" &;:£« disease posJll»«-lj> rur^il by the olde»: T
® j»3l Specialist on the Coast. Esc 36 years. ©
$ a^S^f S DB * JO R DAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
\ 5 5?1£5>3 Consultation free and strictly private. \
B U iJtti Traatment personally or by letter. A a
\ H W ti W ositiva Cun "* eery case undertaken. T
A F I 11 © WHte for B00V. PHILOSOPHY of A
V ' I ll 7 " H*8nlAGE, MAILED FREE. (A."
X ii U, valuable book for mm ) \
T OB. JORDAN* CO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. Y
.•_ — . :
OR, MEYERS 6 CO, jtfSMft'V.'
Specialists. Dls- j»|eP^ Y
ease and Weakness $$>//f _rfS»>
of men. Estab- t5-**
lished 1SS1. Consul- f| 32PHSJ*
tation and private vwftf 1 jCj-vX I ~
book free, at office ww5 '^Sc *
or by mail. Cures K^/iWs&vJF-^2* ¦
guaranteed. 7J{ I N!«ii?&ii$>!l
Market street (ele- A^JSOMkP -
vator entrance), ,>63fSjfi>3*lieS^ ¦ -"
San Francisco.' ,*(^M$SSimr'ks£>£3££3** ¦
• ) JL FOR WEAS&WOMEM, !
' REMOVED.
PATRICK, & CO.,
RUBBER STAMPS. ETC..
TO i2i21 SflNSOfflE ST.,
Between Pine and California at*.
W/.T. HESS,
HOTAET PUBLIC AND ATTOBHSY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor, Room 1013, Claua Spreclcels Bids.
. i**v Telephone Brown 931.
Residence. 821 California st., below Powell, .
, \ San Francisco. .
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE.
Tor the euro • of GONORRHEA, GLEETS.
STRICTURES and analogous complaints o£ Um *
Organs of Generation.
Price SI a bottle. For »al« by drugglsta.
THE WEEKLY CALL ,
$1 per Year.
" ' • « H M| ¦ JBJK M| fi\ B H VV ff% fl I 4% flW OTk
To make room for the new things in; vehicles we have made startling
reductions in the price of many of our popular style 'Runabouts, Surreys
and Phaetons. These vehicles' are well made and so complete in every de-
tail that,' at the price offered, the supply will not last 'long. They are the
best and latest on the market. -,
.Runabouts with solid rubber or pneumatic tires, wire or wood wheels.
...The season's latest offerings in Surreys — from $125 up. All other
vehicles are correspondingly reduced, making this an 1 exceptional oppor-s
tunity to buy new and- fashionable carriages. jj||Wife%9B
designs in RACING WAGONS, PNEUMATIC CARTS
. and; Sulkies. now in stock.
Gpr. Polk Strand Golden Gate Ave.The corn trade was ' comparatively tame
Prices were unsettled by the New York flurry
CHICAGO, May 9.— Wheat ~ opened . with a
feeling J of easiness apparent, ; but assumed - a
firmer attitude straightway, and* In spite of the
bearish items present, July having operied %@
He to %@%c lower . at - 72@71%c and , touched
71%c. rallied to ;72Uc ..This . steadiness was
maintained but a | short time, when the highly
sensational movement of stocks in New York
created - apprehension among j longs. Und»r a
steady stream of liquidation; July ; was forced
down to.70%c during the forenoon. . Bears took
advantage- of the unloading to ride down for
a-proflt. -Their covering on the slump was- to
a degree due to .the report "of 162 loads having
been taken for export. , Under, this July, recov
ered to 71%c, but closed rather heavy, sWTio
lower, at . 71%c. . . . . . " /* .
Chicago Grain Market.
The pressure has risen over the extreme
northern portion of the country. During the
liiFt twelve hours there has been a rapid rise
over Eastern Oregon and Idaho. Conditions
are afvorable for a southward movement of
this high and consequent high temperatures
and ririfk northerly winds.
A sprinkle of rain If reported at San Diego
Fog may be : expected along the coast of
California Friday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight May 10:
Northern California— Fair Friday, probably
a norther in the valleys, high temperatures In
the interior: cool weather on the coast with
fresh westerly "winds and fog.
Southern California— Fair Friday; fresh
northerly winds in ihe Interior; westerly
vinds on the coast, with high fog in the morn
ir.r.
Nevada — Fair Friday; light northerly winds.
Utah — Fair Friday; light northerly winds.
Arizona— Fair Friday; liRht northerly winds.
ttn Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday,
FORECAST.
Fen Frandfco data: Maximum temperature
C?; minimum, 50: mean. £9. '
WEATHER COXDITION-S AXD GENERAL
Chicago was demoralized' by the ' panic in
Wall street, and the market .declined from
72%c to 70%c, recovering to 71%c. The local
feeling was bearish on account of /the good
crop prospects. A cable * from Paris reported
the French crop not damaged. Most commis
sion houses had. selling orders at the opening.
The San Francisco market was dull and fea
tureless. • ;)..--.. , ' . '.- ¦ : ¦ ¦ ¦-
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1@1 01%; milling,
$1 03%@106%. ¦ -.
: CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal ; Session— 9:15 ! o'clock— December—
60C0 ctls. $1 (My.; 2000, $1 04%;'2000, $1 01%. :
..Second Session — December — 2000 ctls. $104%.
Regular - Morning ..Session — December — 10,000
ctls, ?1 04%;' 10,000, • $1 05; ' 10,000, j $1 05%; . 22,000,
noo%. „¦ , ... .¦-..„;¦ : . , .
11 Afternoon Session— December— 2000 - ctls,
$1 05%;' 18.000, $1 05; -4000. $1 04%.
¦BARLEY — Spot prices -were easier,' but ' fu
tures ¦ were not materially changed. . The mar
ket was neglected. ' ". '¦•• (
I Feed, 1 80c for No. : 1 and ! 77%c for off grades;
Brewing and Shipping grades, .82',£@87V4c; Chev
alier, nominal. . 1 • ' ' . ' .; ¦ ¦.':*•
CALL; BOARD SALES. -
» Informal .Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales. 1
-.Second Session— No sales. '
Regular Moi-ning Session — December — 2000 ctls,;
73c; G00O, ; 73%c;' 2000, : 739gC. --<
• : Afternoon s Session — No sales.
1 , OATS— The ctockion hand is ¦• steadily dimin
ishing and is now. very small.. Dealers continue
to ' quote a" very ; firm 1 market." White, • $1 37^ f a
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris were lower.
Wheat .and Other Grains.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 8i%
Sterling Exchange, sight......... — . <¦ 4 88%
Sterling Cables :.......— 4 83>i
New York Exchange, sight . "Vi - @ 10 ¦ ,
New York Exchange, telegraphic .10 @^12%
Silver, per. ounce ...:......... ¦ — \. 69;*.
Mexican Dollars, nominal 49^4 @ 60
Exchange and Bullion.
The market for_ evaporated apples ruled
rather quiet, ' but about steady , at •_ unchanged
prices. State common. 3@4%c; prime, 4%@4?ic;
choice, 5rg5Vfcc: fancy, 6^6'^c. California dried
fruits were Inactive, but steady. Prunes, ->3<4
<Cj'7c-per pound, as to size and quality. ¦ Apri
cots— Royal, 7012c; Moorparks, 8%@13c. Peach
es—Peeled, 12%@20c; unreeled, 614@10c." ¦; \; ¦
DRIED : FRUITS
EGGS— Receipts, 16,000 packages; strong;
Western regular picked, 13@13?ic; storage
Western, ¦ 13%@14l4e. ..- ,' . •
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal, 86 test, 4 9-32c; , molasses sugar, 3V&c;
refined, firm. • •' ; • ' -' ¦ . . ..
BUTTER — Receipts. 2SO0 packages; market
strong; creamery, ll@19c;.: factory, Il@i3c.'
COFFEEj-Spot Rio, easy; Xo. 7 invoice, 6%e;
mild, quler; Cordova, 8Vi@12%c. Futures closed
quiet, 5®10 points lower; total sales were 12,730
bags. Including July. • 15 50; September, $5 60®
5 65; October, $5 70: December, $5 85@5 SO; Feb
ruary, pi 95: March, 56 C5.
WOOL— Dull
WHEAT— Receipts. ' 160,000 bushels; exports,
S7.539 bUFhels; ppot. easy; No. 2 red. S0%c f.
o. b. afloat: No. 2 red, 8214c elevator; No. 1
hard Duluth, 82V4c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 Xorth
ern Duluth, 8S\4c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened
weak and immediately broke in a sensational
manner through heavy liquidation on account
of the panic in stocks and bearish French crop
news. Later the market rallied on covering,
due to large. export rumors. Closed steady at
%c net decline; May, 7'JT»^81%c, closed at SOTgc;
July, 77%@7S 9-16c, closed at 77%c; September,
73V4'S76%c, closed at 75?4c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Firm.
1; ; . -7T
XEW YORK. May 9.— FLOUR— Receipts, 19.
490 barrels; exports,- 4715* barrels; weak and
lower, with wheat; winter straights, $3 45@
3 55; Minnesota patents, $3 95@4 20. '
Bay Co P 5s. .104 — Oceanic S 5s...lO2t£ — "
Cal-st 5s 117 — Omnibus R 6s. 126 — .
C C Wat 5s. ..110 — Pac G Imp 4s. — —
Ed L & P 6s...l2SVil3.V / i Pk fc C H 6s. .105 —
Fer & Cl R 6s.ll4V4 — Pk & O R 6s. .117 —
Geary-st os — — Powll-st R 6s. 120 —
H C & S 5HS-.106U — Sac E G R 6s. 95^ —
Do 5s — — S F &SJV 53.120^4121'^
Los Ang R os. — — Sierra Cal 6s.. — 107
L A Light 6s.. — 1C2 S P of A 6s
Do gntd 6s.. — 104 (1909) 112%U3^4
Do gntd 5s. .100 — (1910) 114 —
L A & Pac 53.102% — S P of C 6s
Do 1 c m os.101 — (1905). ser A.106H —
Market-st 6s.. — 127^4 (1905). ser B.107% —
Do 1 c m 5s. 122% — (1906) 110 —
Nev Co R 7s.. — 113Mt (1912) — —
Xor R Cal 6s. — 114U S P of Cal 1st
Do os llS£li:»Vi cp cntd g 5s. 103 —
Xor Pac C 6s. 100 — S P Br Cal 6s. 134 —
Do 6s — 101) S V Wat 6s....imi —
Nor Cal R 5s. .113^115 Do 4s 102% —
Oak Gas 5s 110 — Do 4s, 3d m. — lOo^i
Do Tran 6s.. — 118 Stktn Gas 6s.. 100 — '
Do Wat 5s... 104 —
WATER STOCKS. :_ v r
Contra Costa.. — 76 I Spring Valley. SS% 83
Marin County. 53% — ' I ¦' -
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 3 — Pacific Lt ..... 42% 43%
Equitable Z% — Sacramento ... — 40
Mutual 3% 4 S F G & E.... 37% 3S^i
Oakland 50 £0^i San Francisco. 4% —
Pacific Imp — 36 Stockton 7% —
. INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 233 245 /
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 73 — L P & A 147 —
California ....406 — Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep.lC6H — S F National.. — 123
First Nat 300^315
SAVIXGS BAXKS.
German 1840 — - Sav & Loan..
Humboldt — — Security .. 273
Mutual 50 — Union ... v
San Francisco.515 — 1
., STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 140 O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary 4'M — Presidio ....... 23. —
Market 70% 71
POWDER. , ,
Giant 74 74»,41Vigorit 2% 3
SUGAR.
Hana 7% 8 Kilauea lgii —
Hawaiian 52 54 Makawell 33V4 41
Honokaa ....".. 25^ 26Vi Onomea 20 25
Hutchinson ... 19'4 20 Paauhau 29 31
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.' ..' ..:,:.-;,:
Alaska Pack..l3Sy 2 — lOceanic SS ... 44 45
Cal Fruit Can. — 100 Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn. 10O — Pac C Borax.. — ~152»4
Mer Ex 110 — |Parf Paint.... 16 —
Morning Session.
Board—
20 Alaska Packers' Association ....133 00
10 Alaska Packers' Association ........138 0O
110 Alaska Packers' Association ....137 50
10 Cal Wine Association 100 00
110 Giant Powder Con .". 74 00
15 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 52 CO
225 Hutchinson S P Co ..." ; 19 75
$2000 Oceanic 3 S bonds 102 50
J20CO Spring Valley 6s ; 113 23
$2CC0 Spring Valley 4s (2d mtge) .102 73
Afternoon Session.
Board — ' -
5 Alaska Packers' Association 137 CO
10 Alaska Packers' Association ....:.:. 136 50
10 Alaska Packers' Association 136 CO
50 Alaska Packers' Association .'. 135 JO
1 Alaska Packers' Association .". 135 00
¦ CO Contra Costa Water 75 371^
75 Crntra Costa Water 76 00
10 Contra Costa Water, b 10 76 CO
$1COO Ferries' & CHIT House bonds... 115 00
50 Hana Plantation Co 7 62H
10 Honokaa S Co "15 q,,
$1000 Northern Railway of Cal Ss us 75
$4000 Oakland Water 5s 104 23
50 Oceanic S S Co 4450
65 S F Gas & Electric Co SS CO
10 S F Gas & Electric Co 33 23
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 3s 50
25 S F Gas & Electric Co 33 62U
10 Spring Valley Water 7.V..". jg 75'
50 Spring Valley Water 8g 50 .
Street —
10 Cal Safe Deposit 106 73 "
50 Cal Wine Association 1C0 CO
100 Hutchinson S P Co... '.'. '13 75
J50CO S P Branch Railway 6s.. 133 00
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE
Mornins Session.
Board—
20 Blue Goose .¦....¦.;... 2 00
300 California-Standard 33
: 10f» California- Standard 34 .
200(5 Four 43
1C0 Homestake 6 CO
500 Independence ; -is '
100 Monarch ol Arizona... 47
: 700 Monarch of -Arizona ..'...: ' 46-
150 Peerless, ' b "90 '. .'. 3 62^
1500 Petroleum Center ........*.. 10
v 500 Petroleum Centpr ; . 09 -
1^00 Reed Crude .43
1 • . . Afternoon Session.
1 ' Beard — ¦ . ;
20 Flue Goose ...". ; 2 CO
100 Home — 3 15
500 Independence, b.10 ¦ is ¦_ •
10O Kern .'.' 6 CO
1-30© Monarch of Arizona...".......". •¦ .47 •
1C00 Oil City Petroleum.... 27
• 100 Petroleum Center.. .'....: "08
100 Sterling ..'.... 1 65 .
1C0 Sterling, b 60. .......V..'.....:;.:........ 170
MISCELLANEOUS BOXDS.
Bld.Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup..ll3}ill4 4s qr cp (new).137%13S^
4s quar reg 113*4114 3s quar coup. ..103 14 —
UNITED STATES BOXDS,
THURSDAY, May 9—2 p. m.
Local stocks and bonds were dull on the
morning session. Alaska Packers' sold at $133®
137%.
" In the afternoon Contra .Costa Water ad
\-anced to $76 and Alaska Packers' -was lower
at $137@135. Oceanic sold down to $44 50.
The oil stocks were very quiet.
STOCK AUD BOND EXCHANGE.
2T> X of Clement street. X ?3 bv E 120; $2500.
Thenias C. Walker to A. J. Walker, lot on
W !'-ne of Prventh avenue. 3C0 S of C street.
S 23 by W 240; also property in other county:
$l<> 000. • ¦ -•
Henry E. and Adah B. Holmes to Jr.hn H.
Sherry, lot on SW corner of I street and
Forty- third avenue. W 240 by S 600; t>cOO.
Frank W. Pemerest to James J. McKenzt-.
let en S lin«» of L street. 129:$ E of Fourteenth
avenue. E Z>. SE 12". W 30:6, ME 120:2: $5C0.
Amanda M.. Charles L.. Nettie A. and
Phillip C. Haynes to J. W. Wright & Sons
Investment Company, lot on SW corner of
Twertv-eighth avenue and U street, S 25 by W
120: $10.
¦ James E. Damcn to same, same, quitclaim
Jacob and Caroline Betzold to Anton J. and
Katherine G. Wldman. let on SW line of
Thirteenth avenue south. 44:4 NW of X strwt.
XW 2S:3 by SW ICO. block 263. O'N. & H.
Tract; T-W-.
Builders' Contracts.
Charles H. Rosenthal (owner) with Joseph
Neal (contractor^ architect R. H. White—Al
terations and additions to a three-story . base
ment and attic frame building on B line of
Baker street, €0 S of McAllister, S 40 by E
50: $2324. ' * ¦
J. D. Phelan (owner) with De-war & Qulnn
(contractors'), architect William Curlett — Terra
cotta work ¦ for a two-story brick and terra
cctta bulininK on X corner of Fourth and Cl3ra
streets. SW 70. NW SO, NE 70. SE 80; $1423. ' ¦
Same owner with R. Herring (contractor),
architect. same — Bookcase fittings., furniture,
etc.. for same en same; $20C0.
Mrs. Flora D. Jonea (owner) with Bletch &
Lansing (contractors), architect Henry H
Meyers— All work except plumbing for b. two
story frarnf building (flats) on W Une «*» Jonc*.
street.. 91:8 S of Pine. S 22:11 by W S8:6-"lS211.
Louis Friedman (owner) with A. Cacda (con
tractor), architect C. A. Meussdorffer— All work
for an additional story to make a three-story
building on SW comer of Vallejo and Stock
ton streets; $4240. .¦.JQi'ULQ iMflUW ¦*> 1
.Mrs. S. A. Forbes (owner) -with Denke Brosn
(contractors and architects)— All work for al
terations and additions for a three-story addi
tion to dwelling house at 2123 Sacramento
street. S side, about 141:9 E of Laguna: $2980.
Claus Spreckelir- (owner) with O. E. Brady &
Son (contractors), architect Xathanlel Blals>
dell—Removal . of old buildlng3. excavation,
brick, terra cotta. concrete and stone work for
a five-story and hasement brick building on
S line of Bush street. 137:6 E of Kearnv 15
6S:9. S 137:6. W 34:4'^. X 25. W 34:4»4 X 112:6:
$20,975. " -._
Queen 'Wilheimlria! la an excellent lin
guist, for besides her knowledge of Ma
lay she speaks French. German and Eng
lish R3 fluently as her native Dutch, and
she knows something, besides, cf Italian
jmd Russian.
"W. F. "Whlttler to Nora "Wallac©. lot on N
line of Union street, 149.41 E of Franklin. E
50, N 117.329. W 60. S 117.329; $3500.
Frank and Elizabeth A. Teichmann to Ther
ese Sutro, lot on N line of Pino street. 110
W of Franklin. W 27:6 by N 137:« $7300.
John A. and Elizabeth S. Wright to same,
same, quitclaim deed; .
W. W. Brownell to Harriet V. Brownell. lot
on XE corner of Broadway and Laguna streets.
E 50 by N 137:6; gift.
N. K. Masten to Louis C. Alice H. and Jane
F. Hasten, .lot on X line of Clay street, 137:6
E of Buchanan, D 34:4% by N 127:8H: Sift.
Douglas Investment Company (a corporation)
to Julia C. Buckbe© (wife of Samuel G.>. lot
on S line of Pacific street. 60 E of Pierce, E
40 by S 127:8%; $S500.
Samuel G. Buckbee to Julia C Backbee,
same; gift.
Eleanora Becker to Georg» J. Becker. lot on
SE corner of CFarrell and Beideman streets.
B 90 by S ICO; gift. -
. William McCrackea to Alfred Olson." lot on
E line of De Long avenue, 163:9 N of Fred
erick street. N 50 by B 80; $20CO.
Spencer C. and Emma IX Buckbee to Mary
W. Peters, lot on S line of Clay street, 163
E of Locust. E 27:6 by S 127:8%; $3000.
Eliza C Herbert and estate Joseph M. Com
erford (by Eliza C. Herbert, executrix) to John
Lee. lot on X line of McAllister street. 256:8
W of Parker avenue, "W 25. N 91:6, NE 25.
S 92; $1700.
William Walsh to Patrick and Anna Hurley,
lot on W line of Lexington avenue. 135 N of
Nineteenth street, N 23 by W 80; $3500.
. Mary E. Ferguson and Margaret E. Col
ford to Samuel Hortop. lot on S line of Hill
street, 52 E of Guerrero, E 23 by S 90; $3500.
Mercy M. Davis (wife of Frank E.) and Maud
E Locke (both Leman) to same, same: $600.
Maria 8. Furter to Emma M. Scholl (wife of
C. F.), lot on X line of Twenty-seventh street,
160 W.of Church. W 83 by X 114; also lot on
X Hne of Twenty-seventh street, 295 W oj
Church. W 25 by X lit: $2000.
Jonathan and Anna. M. Anderson to Patrick
Dunleavy., lot on S line of Elizabeth street.
155 E of Hoffman avenue (Ellen street), E
23 by S 114; $2000.
Agnes E. Brock (Wolff) and George A.
Wolff to Ellen Wolff, lot on S line of Green
wich street, 22:6 E of Jones, E 40 by S 60;
$2coo:
Robert and Ella H. Day to Fannie R. Gass.
lot on E line of Leaven-worth street, 105:8 X
of Washington. X 24 by E 90; $100.
Estate of I. G. Wlckersham (by Fred A. and
Lizzie C. Wickersham. executors) to J. G.
Deming, lot on SE corner of Eddy and Leav
enworth streets, E 40 by S 65:4%; $30,000.
Joseph G. and Mary A. Demins to Morris
and Meyer Lando, same; $30. COO.
Nathan K. Masten to Edmund C. Masten,
lot on SE line of Mission street. 525 SW of
Seventh. SW 25 by SE 80; gift.
Same to Irene G. Gordon (wife of Philllo
K ), lot on NW Hne of Minna street. 500 SW
of Seventh. SW 25 by XW 80; gift.
Same to Josephine R. Dunn« (wife of P. J.).
lot on NW line of Minna street. 475. SW of
Seventh, SW 25 by XW 80; gift.
Same to Georciana M. Perkins (wife of V?.
F ) Jot on SE line of Mission street. 475 SW
of Seventh. SW 23 by SE 80; gift.
Fame to Louis C. Masten. lot on NW line of
Minna street. 525 SW of Seventh. SW 25 by
XW 80; sift.
Louis C. Masten to Joseph M. Masten, same:
$1.
Julia C. Lyon to Martin P. and Adeline
Schmidt, lot on E line of San Bruno nvenue
(Nebraska), ."0 X of Twentieth street (Xapay.
X 23 by E 100: $3C0.
Citizens' Building and Loan Association of
Pan Francisco to Agnes M. McLean (wife of
Robert A.), lot en T: line of Fourth avenue.
SEAL ESTATE TEA1TSACTIONS.
NEW YORK. May 9 —The threatening con
ditions of affairs which developed in the stock
market yesterday culminated to-day in" one of
the fiercest twists ever experienced in Wall
street. The corner in Northern Pacific was
the Impelling cause of the crisis, owing to the
threat contained in the ruinous terms forced
upon the shorts in that stock that disastrous
liquidation would be forced at other points.
Strenuous efforts were made by the most pow
erful financial interests in the country to avert
the threatened trouble and almost unlimited
supporting orders were placed In the market
for the opening in anticipation of the heavy
selling which was to come. Reassuring ex
pressions were , disseminated from the principal
parties in interest to the Northern Pacific con- v
troversy designed to dissuade alarmed holders
from precipitate selling of their stocks, but
all these precautions proved unavailing in the
face of the unmistakable index afforded by
the price of Northern Pacific that the corner
in that stock was intact and therefore that
the bitter controversy over the control of the
property was still unsettled. "When Northern
Pacific began selling at 200 and 300 and 500
and even as high as 700 on regular transactions
and at 1CC0 for cash the appalling possibilities
of the forced covering of the largest shortages
at those terms weakened the whole market
and prices crumbled away with the utmost vio
lence during the second hour. The volume of
the blocks unloaded and the reckless disregard
of the price which they brought were without
precedent in the memory of the oldest trader.
Before any check could come to the tremendous
liquidation Delaware and Hudson had lest 59
points, Manhattan 3). Union Pacific 38, Rock
Island 3o»i. Atchison ZlVt. St. Paul 30%. Mis
souri Pacific 22 and a long list of others from
5 to 30 points. The predominance of the North
em Pacific corner on the situation was demon- '
strated by the quick rally in the market when
the announcement was made that the contend
ing interests in Northern Pacific would not re
quire deliveries of stock to-day. Pretty broad
intimations were also thrown out that such
deliveries would not b<: required so long as
present conditions last. The exemption of
Northern Pacific from the usual clearing-house
requirements of delivery still further allayed
apprehension. The quotations of the stock fell I
back to 300 both on cash and on regular trans
actions after these announcements and there
was a scramble to cover on the part cf pro- '
fessional shorts. There were large numbers
of bargain hunters also In the market. The
combined effect of this buying was reflected
in rallies extending in Delaware and Hudson
to 55, Manhattan 34. Rock Island 33, Atchison
30. United States Steel preferred 20. actually
carrying the stock 2hi points over yesterday's
close: Missouri Pacific :». Louisville 23, Amal
gamated Copper 22. St. Paul 21. and a large
nuciber of other stocKs from 5 to 20 points.
This rally did not fully hold. The market
became mu/h quieter during the latter part
of the day£ but the feverishness and nervous
ness continued. Even the action of the bank
ers by agreement in lending $16,000,000 on
'Change at 6 per cent failed to relieve the close
from such very erratic movements and renewed
bad breaks In price. The extension of shrink
age in the value of securities and the corre
sponding decrease in credentials made money
very stringent and 60 per cent was bid at one
time by those seeking accommodation. The ac
tion of the associated banks forced the rate
down to 6 per cent. The feverish tone of the
market at the close and the fact that the con
troversy which has precipitated the trouble was
still unsettled left th« feeling of uneasiness
retaining large force in the financial district.
Selling of bonds to protect stock holders made I
that department of the market weak in sym
pathy with stocks. j
United States new 4s advanced \i on the last
call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Sold. Stocks— . Rid
237.8C0 Atchison .." 67'
106, 400 Atchison prefd '.'.'.'. 91
ILjOO Baltimore & Ohio 93%
6,400 Baltimore & Ohio prefd 90
12.000 Chicago Term & T 20»i
14,100 Chicago Term & T prefd ' 44'
21.700 Chicago & Alton .' S5Vi
9.200 Chicago & Alton prefd 75
4,900 Chicago & Gnat Western 19U
500 Chicago & Great Western pfd A 77'
800. Chicago & Great Western pfd B 45
ll.SGO Canadian Pacific 97
3,200 Canada Southern g<5
30.300 Chesapeake & Ohio "" 4114
23,400 Chicago Burlington & Quincy..." 179
9,400 Chicago Ind & Louisville 29
2,203 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd..." 68
2C0 Chicago & Eastern Illinois HO
3.900 Chicago & Northwestern 194
30.SC0 Chicago Rock Island & Pacific .145
4.G00 C C C & St Louis 79
4.1C0 Colorado Southern n
1,200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 42
1.700 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 19
14.1C0 Delaware & Hudson "150
1.2C0 Delaware Lackawanna &. Western.. 200
1.2Cfl Denver & Rio Grande 45
2,200 Denver & Rio Grande prefd.... 91U
13&.SC0 Erie ;. ' ' 397Z
10 S00 Erie 1st prefd ......... j
9.000 Erie 2d prefd .'."" 43
3.S00 Great Northern prefd '. *169%
2.200 Hocking Valley 45
1,200 Hocking Valley prefd 72
9.S00 Illinois Central m
3.400 Iowa Central 24
1.5C0 Iowa Central prefd 54
100 Lake Erie & Western 50
1C0 Lake Erie & Western prefd. :103
30,700 Louisville & Nashville S6
37,600 Manhattan L : 108
12.400 Metropolitan Street Railway 15S
11.500 Mexican Central 22^4
6.100 Mexican National 9k
2.100 Minn & St Louis...: 80
S5S.2OO Missouri Pacific 93
12.100 Missouri Kansas & Texas 24Vi
11.S0O Missouri Kansas & Texas prefd 4SH
New Jersey Central 156
30,700 New York Central I47si
6.9C") Norfolk & Western 5o'
Norfolk & Western prefd 87
7,100 Northern Pacific ..'. 350
10,500 Northern Pacific prefd... ..1C5H
23,400 Ontario & Western 29 s i
P C C.& St L 5 67%
#U00 Pennsylvania 11374
22,500 Reading 33
22,200 Reading 1st prefd ' * 7034
11,100 Reading 2d prefd '..'. 48
3,900 St Louis & San Fran , 42-i
300 ' St Louis & San Fran 1st prefd. SO
1.2C0 St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 59^
8.400 St Loals Southwestern 27
6.400 St Louis Southwestern prefd 54
98.8C0 St Paul ...:..... 141
6,400 St Paul prefd 15314
1S6.700 Southern Pacific 45
60.1C0 Southern Railway.- 27V4
13,900 Southern Railway prefd " 77U
22.500 Texas & Pacific '" 40
3.900 Toledo St Louis & W... '"15
2.900 Toledo St Louis & W prefd '.'.' 29W
303.100 Union Pacific «-^... m*
14.800 Union Pacific prefd .. : <£iZ
6.1U0 Wabash : •••.•.•••••• ™*
17,600 Wabash prefd
1.200 Wheeling & Lake Erie. ;'"-" uu
2.200 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d prefd 29
3.90O Wisconsin Central """ Tcii
. 700 Wisconsin Central prefd I'.'.'.'.'. 33
Express Companies—
Adams 170
. S00 American . ¦ • 'jer:
....... United States '.'..'..'.'.'.'.'" ti'
Wells Farso '140
Miscellaneous —
53,800 Amalgamated . Copper ; ..104T4
6.700 American Car and Foundry.. 21
3.400, American Car & Foundry prefd:. 76'i
New York Stock Market.
* \~*~
CORN— Spot . American .mixed, new, dull, 4s
3',£d; American mixed, old. quiet. ¦ 4s 4V4d.
Futures, quiet; July, 4s %d; September, 4s 3d.
WHEAT— Spot, steady; No. 2' red Western
winter. Cs ll%d: No. 1 Northern spring. 6s Id;
No. 1 California, 6s 'lV>d. Futures, . steady;
July. Ss lovfcd; September, 5s JOVid.
LIVERPOOL. .May 0.— Wheat, steady: wheat
in Paris, weak; flour in Paris, weak; French'
country markets, firm; weather in England,
overcast.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 !l-32d.
CLOSING. .
LONDON. May 9.— Consols, 94 1-16; . silver,
27 1 ,4d; French rentes, lOlf 73c. Wheat cargoes
on passage, quiet and steady; cargoes ' No. 1
Standard California. "Os 6d; cargoes Walla
Walla. SOs 4Vfcd; English country markets, quiet
and stpady. •
Foreign Markets.
Portland's Business.
PORTLAND. Or.. May 9.— Clearings, 53S8.503;
balances, $81,441.
TACOMA, May 9.— WHEAT— Quiet and
steady; blue stem, 61c; club, E9c. •'.
WASHINGTON.
PORTLAND, May 9.— WHEAT— Steady,
Walla Walla, 59@60c. Foreign wheat shipments
from Portland for the week ending to-day were
OREGON-
Nort...rn Wheat Market.
LONDON, May 9.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day numbered 15,112 bales.
The demand was general and prices held well
at the recent advance. Scoured merinos were
taken by the home trade after snlrited bid
ding. A large quantity of Punta Arenas of
better quality was offered but sold slowly.
London Wool Sales.
NEW YORK, May 9.— The cotton market
opened, 5i£S points higher in sympathy with
Liverpool and en rumors that the crop was in
need of rain throughout the Southwest. Cov
ering, foreign buying and fair support led to
an additional rise of L'(&4 points soon after the
call. Then came startling reports from Wall
street. Liquidation set . in under which the
early advance was prilly well -wiped out. The
market was finally steady, with prices net 7@13
points higher.
Nezu Ydrk Cotton Market.
NEW YORK. May 9.— A steady to firm feel
ing prevailed in the local market for tin to-day
as the result of small offerings and a slight
change in the statistical outlook. Trading,
however, was very slow all day, with the final
tone steady at $26 23. In London prices took
a lower level for sheet goods, declining to
i:il9 15s, while the future list was somewhat
high, closing at £116 15s. Copper locally ruled
dull but nominally steady at unchanged prices
on the basis cf $17 for. Lake and at $16 G2V£ for
casting. An easier feeling predominated abroad
for that metal and spot closed £69 4s 3d, with
futures at £70- 6s 3d. Lead and spelter con
tinue unchanged at $4 37>£ and $3 95&i, re
spectively. Pigiron warrants, $9 oO@10 50;
Northern foundry, $15 23@16 50.
New York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12,000. Market steady.
Clipped lambs up to ?4 75. i Good to choice
wethers, $4 10@4 35; fair to choice mixed, $3 50
©4 15; Western sheep, $4 20@4 35: yearlings,
$4 25@4 55; native lambs, - J4@o 15; Western
lambs, ?4 C0@5 15.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening 5 10-js 6 lOVi
Closing ¦ 5 10% vC 10&
PARIS.
Wheat— t ¦ May. July-Aug.
Opening '..... 19 80 20 45
ClObing I9 60 20 35
Flour-
Opening 24 75 25 SO
Closing 24 70 25 55
Chicago Livestock Market. ,
CHICAGO, May 9.— CATTLE— Receipts, 3500,
including 200 Texans. Market steady. Good to
prime steers, $5(g5 90; poor to medium. $3 85®
4 90; ¦• stockers and feeders, $3 15S5 05; cows,
$2 75@4 65; heifers, fancy up to J5 10; canners,
$2 10112 75; bulls, fancy, $2 83@4 40: calves. $3 CO
<?M 75; Texas fed steers, $4 25@5 40; do bulls,
$2 7r,(S3 75.
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 24,000; to-morrow,
IS, 000; estimated left over, 4000. Average shade
higher. Mixed and butchers', J5 55@5 82%;
good to choice heavy, $5 73<f?5 87^; rough
heavy, $3 60iff5 70; light, ?5 5c@5 75; bulk of
sales. $5 72»i@5 SO.
LIVERPOOL.
EASTERN MARKETS.
moth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. May 9—5 p. m.
The following are the reasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of • same date
I".r,t 6eason, and rainfall in last twenty-four
hours:
Weather Report.
"•Prunes are fairly firm for the large sizes.
fcr -nhich there is a :r..>derate demand. Stocks
on the snot are li^'ut. Currants are slightly
firmer. Th»re were rcj-rted sales of goods in
osFfr* yesterday st %c advance over Thursday's
quotations. Cables Irom London reported a
higher market there. Imported Sultanas are
more active and fc!gh* r . Stocks of all kinds
r-.f dried fruits are light and are gradually be
ing reduced." ,
"Trade shows rather more activity, but the
actual volume of businf-ys is small. There is
considerably more Interest in peaches, there
being quite a good inquiry yesterday, both
from the regular trade and frcm speculators
tor low-erad* peaches 'in bags. Apricots are
firm. Speculative demand for good dry choice
rcjaSa in bags continues, and some business
is eoing on at from c&S'Jc.
Lirf*> mail advices from New York say
Dried Fruits in Nezu York.
"My prophecy made «everal years ago that
Xfw York will become the center of the world
rloes not now seem so visionary as it once did.
British pride heretofore has resented borrow
ing abroad, but now a matter of good policy
has selected this city in preference to Paris
cr Berlin for .that purpose. This is a very
remarkable departure in international finance,
emphasizing in a mo^t striking manner the
present financial strength of the United States
nrd our development from a debtor to a
creditor nation, as evidenced by our giving
financial aid to the most powerful empire on
t!i«- globe. It is the forerunner of the world's
ecv^rnment securities that will find their
rroadest market here— we have demonstrated
cur immense financial s-trength before all na
tions and now make a beginning in reaping
"Wall street is apparently figuring on the
cor.scli Nation of various roads to comprise
thr<e tranfcontinental lines, connecting by rail
the Atlantic with the Pacific Ocean. This
movement started by the Northern Pacific se
curing control of the Chicago, Burlington and
Quincy to complete ita through line. The
New York Central and Pennsylvania people,
it is thought, must necessarily fall in line in
et'.f -defense, hence the rise in Atchison ccm
iron to 30 implies that the Pennsylvania road
rr.cy bo buying it fur control, and the same
theory spplies to the New York Central peo
jile in endeavoring to acquire control of the
Union Pacific road to complete its through
line to th«e Pacific Cojst. Whether these im
lire.'-pions are true or false they form the basis
of rumors which in this wild market are acted
u^>on as though they were based upon" actual
fact, hence the recent rapid advance in the
price of both Union Pacific and Atchison
Flocks. It is a r>K>'. .however, tMat the New
York Central magnates were not sagacious
enough to buy in the control of Union Pacific
whfn its stocks soid down to $6 a share instead
of now paring v.p to 13o for it. It is also un
fr.rtunate that the Pennsylvania people did
BOt buy Atchison common stock when it said
at J3 a shsre and the preferred at $1S as re
cently as six y<»arE ago. instead of paying 103
tat the preferred and 90 for th? common at
the present time. The same applies also to
Mr. Hill's recent purchase for the control of
Chicago. Burlington a::d Quincy at 2W) when
only a ecmparsUvely short time since it could
have b«en obtairej in tl»e *?0s. It is a different
jircpcsition buying properties for consolidation
purp'-iPs 2t a bankrupt price and at a tre
mendously advanced figure, especially when it
:f taken into consideration that the connections
f.re for ail time.
•'It in not the New York speculators who
have principally contributed to this extraord
inary furor. The local outsiders are far from
being the most sanguine participants. Their
Bttltude is in the main cautious and not a
lew of them are distrustful of the present
large of prices. The most courageous buyers
Ere from the West and South. The two past
years of proFpcrity Hi the interior have ac
cumulated an unprecedented amount of un
employed funds, and the owners of those sur
pluses have formed such sanguine estimates of
the growing wealth of the country -that they
are willing to stake these accumulations with
out stint in anticipating the future national
expansion. It is very largely from the infiux
from these distant oouices that the immense
laying orders are constantly coming en the
market, and. as the operations chime in with
the interests of capitalists engaged in great
industrial and railroad 'deals, ' they receive
every encouragement from the local million
sire interests. The negotiations of the great
railroad alliances have involved immense tem
licrary purchases of stocks by railroad cap
italists which have furnished an important
Ftin-.ulart to the rise in prices, and, so long
as these 'deals' are continued, the speculative
boors vill be backed by this very effective
source of ¦ support. But it Is to be kept in
rr.ind that many ttocks procured for these
temporary "deal" purposes will have to be mar
keted as soon as practicable, and the question
is of much interest as to what may happen
if these securities are shifted upon the distant
end less closely informed buyers of the in
tcrirr. This is a contingency to be sharply
¦watched, as it will nave more to do with the
winding up of the boom than any other in
fluence. At the moment, however, there are
few indications that this culmination of the
great speculation is roar at? hand, and. if
further railroad deals are to be forthcoming,
there may be further special advances before
the end comes in sirht.
The New York circular of Henry Clews, is
rued some days befor* the current break In
Ftocks, cays cf the situation in Wall street:
The Furor in Wall Street.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was steady; creams, 15@18'/4c; dairies,
11016c. Cheese, dull, 9%©llc. Eggs, steady,
fresh, UMsC - :
« ' #
with fog in the morning and In the afternoon;
brisk west wind.
ALEXANDER O. McADIB,
Forecast Official.
Articles Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 30,000 39,000
Wheat, bushels 62.000 12.000
Corn, bushels 286,000 191,000
Oats, bushels 243.000 285,000
Rye, bushels 2.000 2.000
Barley, bushels 13,000 6,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring wheat. 6S@-70%c : • No. 2 red,
73@74c; No. 2 corn. 51%«f52>,4c; No. 2 yellow,
El%(SS2%c; Xo. 2. oats, 28%©29c; No. 3 white,
29ig30c;.No. 2 rye, 53®54c; good feeding barley,
45c; fair to choice malting, El@SCc;-No. 1 flax
seed, $1 68; No.. 1 Northwestern, $1 68; prime
timothy seed, $3 35(^3 50; mess pork, per par
rel, $14 C5«n4 60; lard, per 100 pounds $7 S2'A<8>
7 95;- short ribs pides (loose), $7 90ft8 10; dry
salted shoulders (boxed), 8%@»V<.c; short clear
sides (boxed). $8 12V4@8 25; whisky, basis of
high wines, $1 28. \ '
Bullion C2 03 Ophir 83 84
Caledonia — 61 Overman 11 12
Challenge Con. 10 12 Potosi 04 05
Chollar 05 06 Savage 12 13
Confidence 65 67 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va..2 23 2 30 Seg Belcher.... — 03
Con Imperial... — 01 Sierra Nevada. 17 18
Con New York. — 01 \ Silver HU1 «S 37
Crown Point...' 14 15 St Louis W —
Eureka Con C6 — Standard 4 00 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate P6 —
Gould & Curry. 13 14'Union Con 19 20
Hale & Nor 13 20! Utah 01 03
Julia — 03 1 Yellow Jacket.. IT 13
Thursday. May Mp.m.
Bld.Ask. Bld.Ask.
Alphas :.. 02 OS Justice 08 07
Alta 02 04 Kentuck — 03
Andes C6 07 Lady Wash.... 01 03
Belcher...:' 10 11 Mailcaa 17 19
Best & Belcher 23 25 Occidental 03 04
The following were the tales In the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday:
Jlornlns Session.
TOO Best A Belcher 25 2C0 Savage 13
SO C C & Va....2 27% 200 Savage -,.. 12
750 C C & Va 2 25 300 Sierra Nevada. 18
600 Ophir 83 400 Union Con 20
400 Ophir 84
Afternoon Session.
200 Andes 08 150 Ophir M
200 Crown Point... 14 200 Sierra Nevada. 18
3C0 Gould & Curry. 13 200 Yellow Jacket.. 13
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Th* following were the sales In the Fan Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornln; Session.
20O Best ft Belcher *6 2C0 Sierra Nevada. 17
800 Best & Belcher 25 2C0 Silver Hill 33
2GO Con Cal & Va..! 23 SCO Union Con 20
800 Mexican 18 800 Utah 02
100 Ophir 83 200 Yellow Jacket.. IS
ZOO Savage 11
Afternoon Session.
2flO Andes OS 800 Justice OS
60 Belcher 10 600 Ophir 83
150 Challenge 10 150 Potoal 04
800 Challenge 11 ICO Savage 12
1C0 Con Cal & Va..2 25 200 Sierra Nevada. 17
60 Con Cal it Va..2 30 300 Union Con 20
10O Crown Point... 14 20O Utah S>
2C0 Hale & Nor.... 19 200 Yellow Jacket.. IS
1000 Lion 13
1000 Monarch of Arizona *9
1200 Petroleum Center 10
2C0 Sterling 1«
MDfINO STOCKS.
* - Morning Session.
E0O Monarch of Arizona 43
1000 Petroleum Center 11
100 Sterling 160
Afternoon Session,
Board— •*>¦*•
SAM FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Another great decline' in stocks in Wall street.
Xczv York Exchange declined.
Wheat, Barley and Rye dull. Oats and Corn very firm.
Hay continues steady under moderate receipts.
Beans stand as before quoted. . . "; '
Potatoes continue to weaken' and Onions also casing off.
Vegetable market weak and well supplied. '
Poultry continues in good supply and quiet.
Stocks of Eggs too heavy for the market.
Liberal offerings of Butter and Cheese at former prices..
New slimmer Fruits continue to arrive in small quantities.
Oranges higher, Lemons lower and Limes quiet.
Nothing new in Dried Fruits.
Provisions continue dull at the old prices.
Hides reported steadier, with diminishing stocks.
Meat market quiet, with wholesalers cautious buyers.
Light dealings in local stocks and bonds.
. High. Low. Close.
72% -¦ 70%.. 71%
72& 70% ' .71%
. C3 51^4 53
46!i 45% 45%
. 46 45 l i 45 hi
-- 2S% 28% i 28%
28 27% . 27%
. 25% 25 25VS
14 80 14 55 14 B5
14 90 14 65 . 11 70
14 75 14 55 14 55
7 92^ 7 87% 7 90
7 90 7 85 7 87^
7 90 7 85 . 7 SIVi
8 05 8 02Vi 8 05
7 87% 7 82Vi 7 $2V 2
7 85 7 80 7 SO
Articles— ¦ Open.
Wheat No. 2—
May' 72%
July ...... ...... * 72
Corn No. 2— -
May 5214
July.'... 46U
September 45%
Oats No. 2—
May-.. ¦ 2S% ¦
July 21%
September ...'.: -25%
Mess pork, per barrel-
May ........14 80
July 14 87%
September 14 75
Lard, per 100 pounds —
May 7 92^
July 7 90
September 7 90
¦ Short ribs, per 100 pound:
May 8 C2',£
July 7 hTri
September 7 85
WASHINGTON, May 9.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury balances In
the general fund, exclusive of the $150,000,000
gold reserve in the division of redemption,
shows: Available cash balance, $161,638,611;
gold. $95,575,980. v. ; ¦
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. May 9.— Money on call, strong
at C@60 per cent; last loan. 60; ruling rate, 50;
prime mercantile paper, 4@4% per cent: sterling
exchange steady, with actual business in bank
ers' bills at $4 S7%<@4 £7% fcr demand and
$4 S4yffi4 S4% for sixty days; . posted rates.
$J 85(34 SoVi and $4 SS',4: commercial bills, $4 83V4
«24 84; silver certificates, 60c: bar silver. 53Uc;
Mexican dollars. 48V4c.,' Bonds— Government,
strong; State,- inactive; railroad, weak.
Nczu York- Money Market.
Atchison, 74^4; Canadian Pacific, 105%: Union
Pacific preferred. 9S%: Northern Pacific pre
ferred. 108; Grand Trunk. 11%: Anaconda, 9%.
Bar silver, weak, 27V4d per ounce. Money, 3@
Z\i per cent.
Other markets were heavy sympathetically.
CLOSING.
There was only one topic in the markets here
to-day, namely, the crash in Americans, but
London was little affected by the collapse.
Business was virtually suspended all day. deal
ers being too nervous to make prices, and quo
tations oscillated, chiefly on trifling , transact
tions. simply responding to New York advices.
Northern Pacific began at 120. but the pur
chase of COCO shares for the Continent forced
the price to 138 l ,£. The opening prices in New
York showed tumbling prices and sent Northern
Pacific down to 125. Others dropped $3 to $3.
Then the street witnessed the real break . fol
lowing. Northern Pacifies were hardly men
tioned. A sudden rally of about $20 in active
stocks was caused by a report that the arbi
trageurs had compromised and that a 24
hour truce was arranged in the Northern Pa
fiflc squeeze. London was left aghast, like
a man who has just witnessed an explosion of
a powder magazine and whose nerves were
completely shaken. - .- .
NEW TORK, May 9. — The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says: •
London Market.
2.2C0 American Linseed Oil '. .13%
2,000 American Linseed Oil prefd....... 39ft
J'oXX Amerlca n Smelting ¦& Refining.... 53
' ooSX Americ{ m Smelting & Refining pfd. 92
39,600 American Tobacco- 113
11.400 Anaconda Mining Co 42
64,300 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 72VJ
9,oOO. Consolidated Gas 1 .......204
12.200 Colorado Fuel & Iron S9?i
20,200 Continental Tobacco 48
1.000 Continental Tobacco prefd 103
3.100 General Electric 205
6,900 Glucose Sugar ....:.... ...52
Hocking Coal 18
3,900 International Power ...'; 69 '
4,200 International Paper 20%
. 700 ¦ International Paper prefd ' .........". 73
100 .Laclede Gas .../... SO
1,400 National Bis,cult 3914
S00 National Salt , . 16'
1.200 National Salt prefd 43U
100 National Steel 75
1,200 North American 78
Pacific Coast 57
3,600 Pacific Mail 32%
41,600 People's Gas 104
2,200 Pressed Steel Car 38
1.20D Pressed Steel Car prefd 79
1,000 Pullman Palace. Car 200
4,600 Republic Steel j 16Vi
2,203 Republic Steel prefd 70
D8.S00 . Sugar 135
8,400 Tennessee Coal & Iron 53
Union Bag & P.... 13
100 Union Bag & P prefd 68V4
31.400 United States Leather 11«4
8.100 Unltod States Leather prefd 72
2.700 United States Rubber 20
2,100 United States Rubber prefd B9V4
19.690 Western Union 88
871.300 United States Steel 40
439,600 United States Steel prefd 89%
3,251,600 Shares sold.
CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref regr 2s. ...106 N Y Cent Ists....;.107%
U S ref coup 2s. .106 N J Cent gen 5s. .132
U 8 3s reg 109 N Pacific 3s 70
U S 3s coup .109 N Pacific 4s 105
U S new 4a reg.... 137% N Y G & St L 4s.l0fi%
U S new 4s coup.. 137% N & W con 4s 101%
U S old 4s reg imi Or. Nav Ists ..109
U S old 4s coup...ll3V4 Or Nav 4s M04«i
USis reg 109 Or Short Line 6s.. 128%
U S Ea coup 109 Or S Line con 5s..llS
Dlst of Col 3.6ra...l25% Rending Gen 4s... 95
Atchison ren 4s..-..102'i R G W iFts 101
Atchison adj 4s fl.>>4 S L & I M con 5s.H5
Canada So 2ds 108»A S L & S F gen 6s. 134
Ches & Ohio 4Hs..l05% St Paul cons 190
Ches & Ohio 5s.. ..120 St P C & P lsts..HS
C & NW con 7s...l38'/4 St P C & P 5s 120
C & NWSFdeb 5s. 121 So Pe.c!flc 4s S9%
Chgo Terminal 4s. 93% So Railway os US •
Colo Southern 4s.. 83 Stand R & T 6s... 60
D & R G 4s.. ......101 I Tex & Pac lsts...H9V4
Erie General 4s... 84 Tex ft Psc 2ds 100
FW&DC Ists.. .101- Union Pacific 4S..10G
Gen Elec 5s 185Vi Wabash Jsts HS',i
Iowa Cent Ists 117% Wabash 2ds 110
L & N Unl 4s 103 West Shore 4s 114%
M K & T 2ds 80 Va Centuries 95VS
M K & T 4s 97U Wis Cent Ists...... SSVz
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con X Little Chief 15
Alice 4.' Ontario S 50
Breece 1 60 Ophir 90
Brunswick Con 19 Phoenix 22
Comstock Tunnel... C5 Potcsi ..; 02
Con Cal & Va 2 31" Savage v 12
Deadwood Terra 5u Sierra Nevada 23
Horn Silver 110 Small Hores 60,
Iron Silver CO Standard 3 65 |
Leailville Con 05
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Union Land 3%
Call loans 4^5 West End 95
Time loans 4?ib Bends —
Stocks — ' Atchison ia .102
A T & S F 60 Mining Shares—
A T & S F prefd.. 91 Adventure 14Vi
American Sugar.. .131 Binsrham Mln Co.. 22
Am Sugar prefd. ..121 Amalg Copper 105^
Am Telephone 166 Atlantic 30
Boston .<i Albany. 225 Boston & Mont 400
Boston Elevated.. .175 Butte ft Boston... 98
Chgo, Bur & Q...185 Calumet & Hecla.S30
Dominion Coal ... 34 Centennial 26
Dom Coal prefd... .114 Franklin 16
Fitchburg prefd... 147 Osceola 80
Gen Electric 210 Parrot 49 !
Ed Elec 111 245 Quincy 1.165
Mexican Central... 22}i Santa Fe Copper.. 1VA
N E Gas & Coke.. 11 Utah Mining ?«
Old Dominion 29>£ Winona 3V2
Rubber 20 jWoIverines S2
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
and by a marked increase In the quantity of
No. 2 corn In the ' receipts. July closed^ %c
lower at, 45%c. May closed #c higher at 53c. .
Oats were a shade up at the start on a big
general demand and were more active than
wheat or corn ; during the early part of -the
session. The market was last to feel the Wall
street scare. Closed firm, ¦ July %c higher at
27%c.
Provisions were dull and weaker. --Pork was
the weakest, lard and ribs receiving support
from packers, who bought for September de
livery. . July pork closed 25c lower at ¦ $14 i0.
July lard 2%@5c down at $7 S7',4 and July ribs
5c depressed at $7 82V4.
. The leading futures ] ranged . as follows:
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 1.0C0 ,
EASTERN.
Rolled Oats. ctls. 300/
FOR THURSDAY, MAY 9.
Flour, qr sks .' 7.162 Lime, bbls 453
"Wheat, ctls 3,000 Quicksilver, flsks 23
Barley ctls 1.525 Leather, rolls.... 153
Oats, ctls 1.065 Wine, gals 47.1CO
Hay. tons 490 Hides, No 49&
Potatoes, sks 2,935 Pelts, bdls 326
Onions, sks 583 Wool, bales 75
Bran, sks 300 Straw, tons 10
Receipts of Produce.
Crusted, 6.25c: Powdered. f..85c;. Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated, 5.75c: Confec
tioners' A, 5.75c: Fruit Granulated. o.SQc: Mag
nolia A. 5.35c; Extra C. 5.35c; Golden C. 6.15c:
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels. 25c more; boxen.
10? more; 50-lb bags. 10c more. No orders taken
for lesf than 75 barrels or its equivalent. Dom
incs, half-barrels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
COAL OIL-Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star.
19c; Extra Star, 23c: Elaine, 24c; Eocene, 21c;
deodorized ' stove Gasoline, in . bulk. 13c; In
cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; In cases, 20c;
86-degree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c: in cases, 26c.
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon in cases and
49c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per ib. in 100-lb bags:
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases, No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil. In barrels, boiled,
75c; raw, 73c; cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra
winter rtralned, barrels, SOc; cases. 85c: China
Nut, 55@65o per gallon: pure Xeatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, f5c; cases. 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white, 37%j»42V£c per gallon; Fish
Oil, in barrels. 35c; cases, 40c. -
COAL— Wellington, . S3 per ton: Southfleld
Wellineton. $»: Seattle, $7; Bryant, $8 50; Cooa
Bay, $3 &0: Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
$S 43 per 2000 pounds and $8 60 per ton, accord
ing tu brand.
GRAIN BAGS-rSan Quentin Bags. $3 85: Cal
cutta Grain Bags, 6%@7c; local make. Ho less
than Calcuttas; Wool Baga, 30-g3lc; Fleece
Twine. 7H®8c
General Merchandise.
All kinds of meats are duller, as the cooks'
and waiters* strike is rendering the -whole
salers cautious about buying. There is no
change In prices, though the packers are ex
pecting a further decline In Hogs.
BEEF— 7@7%c for Steers and 6&7c per lb for
cows.
. VEAL- Large, 7@8c; small, . 8<39c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@S&c; Ewes, 7%©Sc per
pound.
LAMB— Spring, 9c per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs, 180 lbs and under. 6'/4c:
180 to 225 lbs. 6V t ®6^e: 225 and over 6g6Vic;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 7%@9c
San Francisco Meat Market.
WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 15@16c per lb: Northern, free, 12@
13c; defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free, 10®
lie; do, defective. S@10c; Southern. 13 months,
SS9c; Southern, free. 7 months, 7@10c: do', de
fective, 7 months. 7©8c; Oregon Valley, fine, 15
C'"16c; do, medium and coarse. 14@13c ; Oregon.
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, 10@12c. -
• HOPS— 1:@ 20c per lb.
Hides, 8%c for heavy and 8«c for light; Stags,
6^ic; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9@9&c; Salted
Calf. 10c; Dry Hides. 16c: Culls. 13%#14c; Dry
Kip, 16c; Dry Calf. 16@17c: Culls and Brands.
13@14c; Sheepskins, * shearlings, 15@30c each;
short Wool. 30@50c each; medium, 60-g75c; long
Wool, 80cg$leaeh; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for
large and $2@2 25 for medium, $I@1 25 for small
and 50c for Colts; Horse Hides, ury. $1 75 for
large, $1 25 for medium. $1 for small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c;
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c:. medium. 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4tfc per lb: No. 2.
3%®4c: grease. 2&2\ic. ' : :
HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and . brands J sell
about ..''lHo .under quotations." Heavy 'Salted
Steers," 10c; medium, 9c; \ light, 8@3Vic: Cow
/Dealers "are; quoting . a steadier .Hide mar
ket, with • lessened stocks. -: No change in. quo
tations. ¦ -¦ \ -. ' "•: "-. : ¦ : ". ' -•'
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops
¦ LARD — Tierces quoted at 6?£c per lb for com
pound- and ' 10>£c for pure; half-barrels, pure.
10%c: 10-lb tins, ll%c; 5-lb tins, ll%c. -^
COTTOLENE— One halt-barrel. 8%c; three,
half-barrels, S%c; one tierce. 8%c; two tierces,
8Vac; five i tierces, S%c per lb. •
There is nothing ¦ new. to report in' this mar
ket.' .i; . : :., ¦ ''¦:'' ' . ¦¦ ." 5v?'
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for heavy,"
12%@13c for lighV medium. 13i*c for light. 14%c
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams,: 13c: Mess Beef. = $12 per
barrel; extra Mess, $12 50; Family, $11 50; prime
Mess Pork.. $15; extra clear,' $23; Mess, J19;
Smoked Beef. 13^©14c per lb. . :
Provisions.
HONEY— Conib, 13H@14c for bright and 12VJ
(f?.13c for light amber: water white extracted.
7#7Vic; light amber extracted. 5@6c; dark. 4@
5c per lb.
/• BEESWAX— 2S@2Sc per lb. , •
'.NUTS— Walnuts, .No.' 1 softshell. lOSJllc: No.
2,- -7^<??Sc: No. 1 hardshall.', 10c: No: 2. 6g7cf;
Almonds, 13(5146 for papershell, lCffillc for sott
shell and . 5@6c for hardshell: Peanuts. 5@6c
for Eastern; Brazil Nuts. HtQlMic; Filberts,
12ff?12%c: Pecans. - 114?13c: Cocoanuts. J3 iO®5. '
Thompson's fancy. 12o per lb: • choice, lie:
standard, 10c; prime. 9c: unbleached Thomp
son's*. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lOHc per
lb; choice. 9%c: standard. S*ie: prime. Sc; un
bleached-Sultanas. 8c: Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
fi^c; 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, ti'/te: 2-crown, Cc.
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 5c: S-crown. 5Uc, and
4-crown, F,i£c; seeded- (Fresno prices). 5*4c;
London Layers. 2-crown. Jl'50 per box; 3
crown, $1 60: Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. b. at common
shipping points in California:
RAISINS— The' Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
PRUNES— 4 sizes. 3c: 40-00s 6»ic: 50-6Ca. i\ic:
C0-70S. 3%c: 70-80s, - 3Vic; SO-OOs, 2%c; 90-1003.
2Vic; MO-120S, IMc
FRUITS — Apricots, 3@7%c for Royals:.
Evaporated -Apples.- 4©6c; sun-dried. l«,4@2c;
Peaches. . Zy>t3ic for standard. 4%@5% for
choice and 6-fiCHc for : fancy: Pears, 237c;
Plums. .- pitted. 3Mj^5c; unpltted. Kgl^c; Nec
tarines. 4S4'/ic for. red and 4@5c for white. .
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Dealers continue to report a very weak and
overstocked market for Eggs, and. point to
their overloaded floors. The tendency is to
sell, even at concessions. Some, who are es
pecially overloaded, do not ask over 15c, and
the Dairy Exchange has again marked down
its prices. Receipts from the East are now of
dally occurrence.
Cheese Is weak at the decline already noted.
While there-, is no change in the quotations
for Butter, there Is plenty on hand, and even
fine creamerie's are quoted dull. Continued
packing keeps the market relieved of some 'of
its surplus.
Receipts were 58.5C0 pounds and 286 tubs of
Butter, l?09 cases Eggs. 1170 cases Eastern
Eggs, 29,500 pounds California Cheese and — —
pounds Eastern Cheese.
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS. '.
BUTTER— Creamery, \~Vz<3\%c per lb for fancy
and 16V>*i"17c for seconds: dairy. 14@16Hc per lb.
CHEESE— New. 9H@10c; old, nominal.
EGGS— Ranch. 14M..@16c for good to fancy;
store, 13@14c per dozen.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
Dairy — Extras, 16c; firsts, 15c; seconds, — — ;
store. 13c.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8^4c; choice,
8c; .common, nominal; Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream. 14@16c per lb.
EGGS—
California Rancit— Selected White, 14^c;
mixed colors, 13c per dozen.
California Gathered— Selected, 13c; standard,
12%c; seconds, .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Arrivals of Strawberries were light and
prices were higher.
Gooseberries were slow of sale at 50@60c per
drawer. •
Oranges are in lighter supply and higher.
Four cars are announced for to-day's auction.
Lemons are somewhat lower, and Limes are
dull and plentiful. .. . • i
Thirteen baskets of Raspberries came in
from Newcastle, selling at 20c per basket.
Cherries did not move off very briskly,
though receipts were smaller than on the pre
ceding day.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
APRICOTS—$1 50 per crate.-
CHERRIES— Receipts were 1599 boxes, sell
ing at 35g50c per box for red and 50@35c for
dark.
STRAWBERRIES— $S@12 per chest for Long
worths and $5<5?S for large berries. Receipts
were 140 chests.
BLACKBERRIES— From Covina, $1 50, and
from Newcastle. $2 per crate.' ¦
CURRANTS— None arrived.
; CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranpes. $1@2 50;
Seedlings. 50c<£f$l; Tangerines. nOcfflll 23; Lem- I
ons. 75c<??$l 25_ for common and $1 50@2 25 for
good to choice; Grape Fruit. '50c®$l 50: Mexican :
Limes, $1 50; Eananas, 51 25^2 50 per bunch
for New Orleans and SI 2i@2 for Honolulu;
Pineapples. $1 50@4 per dozen. /
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9®12c for Gobblers
and Hffll3c for Hens ; Geese, per pair, $1 50®
1 75; Goslings, $2 25@2 50; Ducks. $4@4 50 for
old and $5 50@6 50 for young; Hens, $4@3.5O;
young Roosters, $7S?8; old Roosters, $4@4 50;
Fryers, $5 50@6 50; Broilers, $4 50@5 for large
and $2@3 for small; Pigeons, $1 50@l 75 per
dozen for old and $1 39@2 for Squabs.
GAME— Hare. $lf 1 25: Rabbits, $1 50 for Cot
tontail and 75c@?l for Brush.
Game is arriving In poor condition, and most
of it is being dumped.
With the exception of roung Roosters and
Fryers, which are scarce and firm, the market
is dull and weak, with liberal supplies.
Poultry and Game.
ONIONS— Cut Onions, 50c@U 23 per sack;
Australians. Jobbing, at $4©5: Green Onions,
35(S?4Oc per box: Now Red. $1<S1 23 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 40c®U per -. box;
Asparagus, $1 75 for fancy, $l@l'5O oer box
for No. 1 and 50@S5c for No. 2; urcen Peas, 60
©90c per sack; Garden Peas, 2c: String Beans,
l^@4c for Los Angeles and 3@5%c for Vaca
ville; Horse Beans. 40@30c per sack; Cabbage.
90c per ctl; Tomatoes. Mexicans, $1 2o@l 50 per
crate; from Los Angeles, $1@1 50; Dried Pep
pers, 12@lSc; Dry Okra, 15c per lb; Carrots,
25@35c per sack; Hothouse Cucumbers, 50c. per
dozen; Garlic, 8(f?10c per lb for old. and 5c for
new; Green Peppers, 8@15c per lb; Egg Plant,
10@luc per lb.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 75cfij$l; Burbanks,
75c® $1 for River and $1 25@1 50 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles, $1 50; Sweets, 70c for Merced;
New Potatoes, K51&C per lb.
Receipts were 1042 boxes Asparagus, 415 boxes
Rhubarb, 9S2 sacks Bay Peas, 172 sacks String
Beans and 940 sacks .New Potatoes.
Prices for Potatoes continue to decline, for
the reasons already given, namely, the In
crease in supplies and the falling off In the
demand. Onions, too, are weakening.
The whole Vegetable market is weak under
large supplies, and whatever changes are made
are generally toward lower prices.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
SEEDS — Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, J2 50@3; Canary, iH@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, vj)
2%c; Hemp, 3^c; Timothy, 6\c.
DRIED PEAS— Xlles, $2@2 50; Green, J2 70»
3 per ctl; Clackeye, nominal.
nominal
Red Kidney, $4 50 per ctl
BEANS— Bayos, 12 45@2 65; Small White, tl 83
04 90; Lorge White, $4@4 20; 'Pink, $1 60(21 85;
Red, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3; Llmas, $6 23'uC 31;
Aside from the shipping demand for Pinks
and .the weakness in Bayos there Is no fea
ture to the Bean market. Prices stand the
same. ¦ . ' ,
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer, $5@8: Wheat. $11©13; Wheat
and Oat, $9i»12; Oat, $9011 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $S@0 50: Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
STRAW— 35S47>4c per bale. • ,
" BRAN— $16 r,0@17 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. $1"@13 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25026; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $1"@18: Corn Meal,
$27 uO@28; Cracked Corn, $2S 50@23; Mixed Feed,
$i5<a>i6.
The feeling in Hay continues steady under
the light receipts." but prices do not improve.
Otherwise there is nothing new. ,
Hay and Feedstuff s.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount -to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour.- $2 75;- Rye
Meal. $2 60; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, J3;
extra cream do, J3 75; Oat Groats, $-1 75; Hom
iny, $3 73@4; Buckwheat . Flour, J4@4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 50; Farina. . $4 50; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 33
<7?7 85; in sacks, $6@7 50; Pearl Barley, \ *5;
Split Peas, ?5; Green Peas, ?6 50 per 100 lbs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25@3 50,
usual terms; Bakers' Extras, ?3 1503 25; Ore
gon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and $2 75@
3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers', $2 75@3.
Flour.and Milhtuffs.
CORN— Eastern Yellow, $1 27^@1 30; White,
Jl 35: mixed. $1 25@1 27U. - • " ¦ ¦*
RYE— 80@82%c per ctl. '.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at ' $1 65 per ctl.
ex-warehouse.
1 55; Surprise, nominal; Red,;$l 33@1 45; Black,
f 1 17^@l SO per ctl. ...•-•¦..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; FRIDAY, MAY; 10, 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
LOCAL MARKETS.
I'ea
10
Nezu York Grain and Produce.
STATION'S.
P
Last I This
I Hoursl Season.
Last
Season
i:
T
F
It
;-.
Tureka
Bluff
¦acramento .....
~bii Francisco ..
r resno
ndcpendence ...
ian Luis Ohlspo.
jC6 Angeles ....
: an Diffro
1 : t
0.00 45.93
fi.00 24 21
0.00 IS. 52
0.00 2i).M
°-W) 11.06
O.f/0 5.^5
O.00 3M.S5
Trace 15.58
Trace 11.25
.1
48.47
:2.51
19.84
15.20
S.47
3.63
17.00
7.54
5.W
STATION'S.
P
Last I This
I Hoursl Season.
Last
Season
i:
T
F
It
;-.
Tureka
Bluff
¦acramento .....
~bii Francisco ..
r resno
ndcpendence ...
ian Luis Ohlspo.
jC6 Angeles ....
: an Diffro
1 : t
0.00 45.93
fi.00 24 21
0.00 IS. 52
0.00 2i).M
°-W) 11.06
O.f/0 5.^5
O.00 3M.S5
Trace 15.58
Trace 11.25
.1
48.47
:2.51
19.84
15.20
S.47
3.63
17.00
7.54
5.W
AUCTION SALES
I fej ATTEND THIS BIG
AUCTION SALE
Of Selected and Accepted
GERMAN GOVERNMENT ARTIL-
LERY HORSES,
Consisting of
ISO MARES AND GELDDJG9.
Broken single and double and weighing from
1000- to 1350 pounds. Hat a cull In the lot. All
sound and free from blemishes. Sale -will taka
place "' ». t
TUESDAY, May 14, 1901,
Commencing at 10 a. m.
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 HOWARD ST.. NEAR THIRD, S. F.
Wil. G. LAYNG, Auctioneer.
Horses at Salesyard next Saturday.JOHN I. . SABIN, THE LARGEST
SALARIED TELEPHONE OFFI
CIAL IN THE UNITED STATES.
PRINCIPALS IN A QUIET MAR
RIAGE CEREMONY YESTER
DAY IN THIS CITY.
LONDON, May 10.— The- Dally Express
publishes the following from Amsterdam:
The Seamen's Union has proclaimed a
general strike for an increase of wages,
and it Is expected that other j ports will
Join. - .- a . ¦ - . .
New Coaling Station for Uncle Sam.
BERLIN, May 10.— The Berliner Tages
Zeitung, which prints a Washington dis
patch asserting that the United States
Government is thinking of securing one of
the Azores as a cpaling station, says that
"the appetite grows with eatine."
General I Strike of Sailors.
LONDON, May 10.— Marquis Ito,' ac
cording/to a dispatch to the Dally Mall
from Yokohama., is suffering from brain
trouble and is not likely to resume office.
The correspondent says the Ministerial
deadlock continues.
Marquis Ito Seriously HI.
DUBLIN. May 9.— The police to-night
seized William O'Brisn's weekly paper
the Irish People. It is reported that the
seizure was made on account of reflec-.
tions upon King Edward. Another report
says that the Irish People was seized for
a coarse personal attack upon George
Wyndham, the Irish Secretary.
O'Brien's Paper Seized.
SEATTLE, May 9.— The body of R. N.
Pollock, who committed suicide In this
city Wednesday morning at the Hotel
York, was positively identified to-day by
his former pastor and friend, the Rev. R
A. George of the Trinity Congregational
Church of. Cleveland. Ohio, who is in Se
attle on his way to Nome. The Rev. Mr
George will take charge of the body and
may possibly accompany it to Cleveland.
Body of Suicide Identified,
Vessels From the' North Must Call at
Port Townsend to Prevent
Smallpox.
PORT TOWNSEND,' May 9.— United
States Quarantine Officer Dr. M; H. ; Fos
ter to-day, officially declared quarantine
against all Alaska ports,- and' all vessels
arriving from the north must call here for
Inspection. . :' . . \
Official reports from various sections of
Alaska, to the effect 1 - that. smallpox exists
aDd is, rapidly spreading made such a step
necessary.
Quarantine declared
: AGAINST ALASKA PORTS
United States Marshal of North' Daxota,
are spending $100,000 -developing a marble
quarry on Prince of Wales Island, -near
Kasson Bay. Cronan has gone East to
purchase quarrying machinery and will
return in June. The marble will be ship
ped by steamer to San Francisco for cut
ting. ;
Eastern Capitalists Invest One Hun
dred Thousand Dollars and Will
Send Material Here. ' ... . .r
TACOMA, May : 9.-Dakota and Minne
sota men, headed'by John Cronan, former
WILL QUAERY IIARBIE ;
ON A NORTHERN ISLAND
Professor Arthur Lovejoy Is Asked to
Cease -His Teachings at the
University.
STANFORD UNIVERSITT, May. i).— At
tiie request of President Jordan Arthur O.
Lovejoy, the associate professor of phi
losophy, who recently resigned his posi
tion on account of the Ross-Howard af
fair, ceased teaching at Stanford yester
day. Though no statement concerning
the reasons for the unexpected request
would b« isaued from -the president's of
fice, It is evident that* the relation be
tween the pro-Ross element and the uni
versity authorities is very strained.
Only two more , weeks of the present
semester remained for Professor Lovejoy
to teach, but It was considered for the
best interests of all concerned that he go
at once. The fact that Dr. Jordan reap
, pointed Professor H. B. Lathrop for but
one year more is further evidence that the
university authorities' are determined to
thoroughly harmonize the faculty In the
near future. . •'
LEAVES STANFORD EARLY
AT PRESIDENT'S REQUEST
Funeral of N. K. Masten.
The funeral of N. K. Masten was held
yesterday morning from the family home
at 2218 Clay street. In accordance with
the wishes of the deceased the services
were very simple and were performed by
the Rev. William M. Bours of St. Peter's
Episcopal Church. The interment was
held in Oakland. The funeral services
were attended by many prominent men.
Callahan Now Accused of Perjury.
OMAHA. May 9.— Seven counts charging
James Callahan, who Is alleged to be one
of the kidnapers of young Cudahy. with
perjury on his late, trial were filed this
afternoon. .
HAYES VALLEY RESIDENTS
FAVOR LOW BUILDINGS
The Hayes Valley Improvement Club
met last night in Mowry's Hall and dis
cussed matters pertaining to the best in
tprests of the Valley. The meeting was
well attended and the members were en
thusiastic.
The members of the Hayes Vallev Club
are opposed to high buildings and after
discussing the matter thoroughly decided
to adopt a set of resolutions orotesting
against the passage of the proposed ordi
nance. A committee was appointed to
confer v.-ith a joint committee from the
Supervisors, which meets at the City Hall
to-day, and to enter a vigorous protest
apriinst the ordinance and ask that the
pVesent ordinance be upheld.
T. J. O'Connor, A. A. Rltter and M.
Gompertz were named as delegates to the
Federation of Improvement Clubs of
WeEtprn San Francisco. Frank Drady
was elected a member of the board of di
rectors of the club and J. Sullivan was
elected financial secretary.
A committee was named to circulate pe
titions asking the Board of Supervisors
to provide a better system of street light
ing for Hayes street.
MASONIC RITES OVEB,
A BROTHER'S REMAINS
The funeral of Arthur BuEsell. port
steward in San Francisco of the army
transport service, took place yesterday
afternoon from King Solomon's Hall, Ma
sonic Temple, under the auspices of Gold
en Gate Lodee No. 30. F. and A. M. Dele
cations from California Commandery No.
I. Knights Templar; Yerba Buena Lodge
of Perfection, Ancient and Accepted Scot
tish Rite of Freemasonry: Odd Fellows
and E'.ks. of which Mr. Bussell was a
member, were !n attendance.
The platform of the worshipful master
of Golden Gate Lodge. Charles A. Wegen
er. was laden with beautiful floral offer
ings, including a floral transport, a pilot's
wheel with the American flag, the cres
cent and scimitar of the Knights 3f the
Mystic Shrine and other artistic designs
in roses, lilies, marguerites and sweet
peas. One hundred United States trans
port officers, employes and sailors were
also in attendance. The burial ritual of
the Masonic order was read by • Worship
, ful Master Wegener and William S.
Moses, the latter of the thirtv-third de
gree of the Ancient and Accepted Scottish
Rite, and hymns were sung by the Ma
sonic choir, after which the funeral cor
tege moved down Market street en route
to Cypress Lawn Cemetery, where the In
terment look place.
WwrnJTifpt Strjuck by Car.
James Daly, a machinist, employed at
the Union Iron Works, residing at 270 Te-'
hama street, endeavoring to avoid being
run over by an electric car on Army
street last night, was struck by another
car gwing In the opposite direction. He
wag taken to the Receiv-lns Hospital,
where It was found that he had received
a fracture of the skull and compound
fractures of both legs.
SAN JOSE, May 9.— The task of identi
fying Crill as Dunham is now in the hands
of Handwriting Kxperta Elsenschimel and
Ames. At the District Attorney's ofllcs
to-day they compared the writing of tha
two men, but are not yet ready to report.
They claim that in five years, by trying.
a man can change his chlrography, and
an attempt will be made to secure soma
of Crill's writing prior to 1S9C.
Minister Sued for Divorce.
SANTA ROSA. May 9.— Mrs. Lulu May
Rhodes to-day began suit against the Rev.
Arthur Rhodes for divorce. The coupla
were recently separated and their trou
bles have been given considerable promi
nence in San Francisco papers. -V,
EXPERTS ARE STUDYING
PENMANSHIP OF CRTLL
Railway to-night filed with the City Coun
cil maps showing the proposed replattlng
of tide lands on the west side of Tacoma
harbor. The city Is asked to vacate sev
eral streets leading to deep water, togeth
er with Railroad avenua across the flats,
that the company may carry out Its plans
for immense new docks, grain warehouses
and coal bunkers covering 200 acres. The
land vacated will be purchased by the
railroad from the State. The railway has
let contracts for dredging a new channel
through the central portion of the tide
lands which will add 8300 feet of deep wat
er frontase. New 'warehouses are to be
built this summer for lease to San Fran
cisco grain exporting firms which desire
to enter this field.
¦Warehouses "Will Be Built in Tacoma
to Accommodate Some Local
Exporters.
TACOMA, May 9.— The Northern Paclflo
SAN FRANCISCO FIRMS
TO BUY GRAIN NORTH
The Inventory and appraisement of the
estate of the late Hyppolite Dutard were
filed yesterday. George W. Brown, War
ren R. Porter and William H. Crlm. the
appraisers, find the estate to be worth
$637.916 63.
Prominent among the Items on the In
ventory of the estate which are schedule*!
as no value are three bonds of the Marl.
time Canal Company and two bonds of the
Xicarajrua Canal Company. Notes issued
by W. E. Veazie. Mark Levy. J- D- Smith.
A. E. Sachs, Mark H. Sehnaelz and R. B.
Hooper are also scheduled as valueless.
Among the largest items are 2000 shares
of the New Hope Oil Company, valued at
£¦0.000: merchandise, wheat, barley, corn,
etc.. $200,000; open accounts, $74.524 05:
Ftock|3nd Implements at Jesus Maria and
Cfcsmllla ranchos. $35,569; Casmalia
ranchb, $54,613; Jesus Maria rancho, $73,
«*: Sle*>t ranch. $9000; Lake View ranch,
$13,230; Santa Barbara lot. $6000; Johnston
range. J30.400; Santa Maria ranch, $8150;
SanstoTif ranch. $1600; Eureka orchard. $20,
000; Mills Seminary property. $6000; Farm-
Ington ranch, $5000; Brentwood farm, $31,
000.
The balance of the estate is made up of
personal property, small real estate hold
ings and stocks and bonds.
The Appraisers Find Its Value to
Be a Little More Than
$6OO,OOO.
DUTARD'S ESTATE WORTH
LESS THAN A MILLION
Merrymakers Rule in Petaluma.
PETAL.UMA, May - 9.— The Petaluma
Volunteer '- Fire Department had a picnic
to-day at Mirabel Park, near, Guerneville,
and out of courtesy to the : firemen • the
city declared a holiday. - The schools were
closed; the ; shoe factory and .silk mills
gave their employes a holiday and many
of the business houses discontinued work.
The picnic'-* was attended , by nearly one
thousand people. • "' :
Mohican Reaches San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, May 9.— The United States
training ' ship Mohican , Commander A. R.
Gorden, : arrived here this morning from
Magdalena Bay. The vessel, will, remain
ten days and then leave on a cruise to the
Hawaiian Islands. .
WASHINGTON,, May. 9.— The Postofflce
Department has issued the following or
ders* Postoffice established: Washlng
tcn-Fuhrman, Klickitat County, Mary E.
Fuhrman, Postmistress.
Postmasters commissioned: California-
John B. Trabucco, Bear Valley: Edwin T.
Foss, Hydesville; Charles P. Smith. Bit
tP!*W8.tfir' *"
Oregon-John H. Kirk. Dorena. .
Postmaster appointed: California—Na
than Crawford, Allen Springs, Lake
County, vice S. M. . Laugenour, resigned;
H F Ross. Rlverbank, Stanislaus Coun
ty vice EC. Cowell, resigned: Robert
Cc'mpton, Alcatraz Landing, Santa Bar
bara County, vice A. F. L. Bell, resigned.
Substation No. 3. San Jose Postofflce. to
be established July 1 at East San Jose.
The following , pensions were Issued to
day"' California; Original— Francis M.
Jones. 1 Walsh, Sacramento County. $8. Ad
ditiftnal—William Y. Cadman, Soldiers'
Home. Loa Angeles, $8. Increase— William
Converse, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$12' Ambrose Ferrara,. San Francisco. $8.
-Washington: Increase-^John C. Barnes,
Boldiers/.> Home, Ortlng, $10. ¦ Original
widow— Annie S. Lyon, Toledo, 18. .•
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Parishioners Declare They Are Out
One Hundred Thousand In
trusted to Him.
CHICAGO, May 9.— The Rev. James A.
Harris, for several years and until re
cently pastor of the Congregational
church at Millburn. 111., has been sus
pended from the ministry for six months
pending an Investigation of charges which
are made by his parishioners, who declare
that they are out over $100,000 which they
had intrusted to the minister for specula
tions that are mid -to have turned out un
fortunately. Harris was at one time a
lawyer in Chicago and a member of the
Board of Trade. \
MINISTER SUSPENDED
.PENDING INVESTIGATION
Prelates Issue an Appeal in , Behalf
of Catholics of the Stricken
City.
JACKSONVILLE. Fla., May 9.— The
congestion in the unburned section has
taxed the sewage system to its utmost,
and the small tented villages all require
a sanitary system of some kind that will
keep away Infection. A patrol of sanitary
inspectors was appointed to-day, and al
most'200 men have been employed in
cleaning up. The work of clearing away
the debris progresses slowly owing to the
Intense heat of the brick work in the
fallen foundations. Many of the buildings
are still smoldering. •
Right Rev. John Moore. Bishop of St.
Augustine, and Very Rev. William J.
Kenney, Vicar General of this diocese,
have Issued an appeal to the Roman
Catholic people of the United States and
Canada falling upon them to aid the
Catholics of this place.
CLEARING AWAY RUINS
OF JACKSONVILLE FIRE
JOHN I. SABIN, president of the
Pacific States Telegraph and Tele
phone Company, has entered upon
his . duties in a larger field of ac
tivity as the manager of the Chi
cago system of telephones.' There have
been promotions all along the Pacific
Coast line to fill the places made vacant
by the transfer of experts from San
Francisco and Spokane to Chicago. Mr.
Sabin receives a salary of $35,000 per an
num from the Chicago company. He also
retains the presidency of the Pacific
States company, receiving from the lat
ter corporation $25,000 per annum. Hi3
After the Judge had, as he thought,
tied the knot In orthodox fashion and the
couple had gone from his chambers it was
discovered that the amendment to the act
of the Legislature empowering Police
Judges to .perform marriage ceremonies
does not take effect till July 1. Now it Is
said, a clergyman will be asked to tie the
knot.
Judge Mogan performed a marriage cer
emony yesterday, the contracting parties
being Charles F. Reynolds, a restaurant
steward, and Daisy Etta Brown, a girl IS
years of asre. living at 535 Stevenson
street. The Blrl had been arrested for
vagrancy and Reynolds agreed to marry
her rather than see her sent to Jail She
Is the girl who caused a sensation about
a year ago by leaving her skirt and jacket
in Golden Gate Park while she donned
bloomers to go bicycle riding. After en
joying herself on the bicycle, she returned
to the place where she had hidden her
skirt and jacket and, finding them gone,
was afraid to go home for two or three
days, which led her relatives to believe
that she had been murdered.
MARRIAGE CEREMONY
THAT IS NOT VALID
Judrro Mogran Unites a Couple, but
Later Discovers He Had Not
the Power.
, The members of the Deutscher Club will
receive their friends at Golden Gate Hall
Thursday, May 16.
Mrs. Rose Epoertshausen and her sister,
Miss Alice Mann, will leave on the 21st
for the East and will be gone several
weeks. They will be at home Saturday.
May 18, at 1019 Geary street.
Mrs. Irving M. Scott, who has been seri
ously 111 for the past month, Is now con
valescent.
The Heart Breakers entertained their
lady friends Friday evening. May 5, at
their clubrooms. At midnight they' par
took of an elaborate repast. Those pres
ent were:
James McLaujrhlln. Miss D. Schickenhausen,
A!f Sylvester. Miss M. Dlonyslus, Rube Birbe,
Miss Sallie Morgarlty, George Duval, Miss
Rachel Guggrenhelmer.
The wedding of Dr. Louis Gross of this
city and Miss Ida Solomon of Chicago
will be solemnized on next Tuesday Ht
the home of the bride's parents, 4539 I^ake
avenue, Chicago. After the wedding the
couple will go to Europe, where the doc
tor will resume his studies. They will re
turn some time next year. The erroom Is
the brother of Mrs. Charles J. Mund of
this city.
• • *
Mrs. Egrleston. Mrs. Gleason, Mrs. Depue, Mrs.
Thompson. Mrs. Aldrich, Mrs. Cook, Mrs. Mc-
Murtrie, Mrs. Austermuhle, Miss Cummlngs,
Mies Sammy, Miss Braeg and W. M. Mac
mi Han.
SOUTHAMPTON. May 9.— The sixty
mile racing trial of the Shamrock I and
the Shamrock II from Southampton to
Weymouth to-day was suddenly termin
ated oft the Needles by a bad squall, dur
ing which the gaff topsail yard of the
new challenger was carried away and her
gaff crumpled up. She was forced to
abandon her contest and returned to
Southampton for repairs.
The accident was primarily due to the
carrying away of a heavy backstay, a
block of which fell and struck the deck
at Sir Thomas Lipton's feet. Had the
block fallen a foot nearer Sir Thomas
he probably would have been killed.
The Shamrock II proved herself wonder
fully well able to stand up to her can
vas. The challenger was in the lead over
the Shamrock I by two minutes and fif
teen seconds when a thick black thunder
squall came driving off the 'Hampshire
coast and the two yachts were soon rac
ing along with their lee rails hidden. The
squall blew at the rate of about twenty
knots an hour and the steamer Erin. do-
Ing a good thirteen knots, was unable to
keep up with the racers.
In this afternoon's trial the challenger
sailed twelve miles in one hour and ten
minutes.
It is expected that the trial race will
take place next Saturday.
Shamrock I and Return to
Southampton.
Forced to Abandon Contest With
NEW CHALLENGER DAMAGED
IN A HEAVY SQTJA1I.
LONDON, May 9.— Colonial Secretary
Chamberlain, nnswering a question in the
House of Commons to-day, said General
Dewet'8 house had been burned in June,
as the railroad had been cut near hla
farm. - •
Dewet's House Burned.
y \-i the Thief.
COLORADO SPRINGS,. May 9,-pJacob
Becker made an involuntary investment
of $650 In ostriches to-day. He was visit-
Ing the farm at Manitou, when one of the
birds, attracted by the flash of his big
diamond stud, tore It from his shirt front
and pulped it down. Becker cannot iden
tify . the thief and the owner refuses to
sacrifice his flock.
Visitor at Manitou Farm Loses the
• . Gem p.nd Can't Identify
OSTRICH GATHERS IN
HIS BIG DIAMOND STTJD
Fred Bracket, secretary and disbursing
officer of the commission, doubted the
propriety of paying for the cablegram out
of the Government fund and referred the
question to the Comptroller of the Treas
ury, who to-day decided that as the mes
sage was purely a personal one and not
in any way. connected with public busi
ness Peck would have to pay for its trans
mission. The message said: "President,
Washington: Our entire staff at Thanks
giving day meeting greet the President,
their honored chief, to-day. They feel
that they have reason for thanks, now
that he is to a grain preside over the des
tinies of the nation. Peck."
WASHINGTON. May 9.— Ferdinand W.
Peck, who was Commissioner General to
the Paris Exposition, must pay for the
cablegram of congratulation which he
sent to President McKinley last Thanks
giving; day and had charged to the ac
count of the commission.
Expense.
ident and Must Now Bear the
Sent Congratulatory Message to Pres-
i-rTii"frf-."i"n"ri"i-i"f."i"i"i ii . i r)") 1 w
PECK WILL HAVE TO
PAT FOB CABLEGRAM
When it is considered that there has
been a tendency of late to bring to San
Francisco and other cities of the Pacific
Coast expert men from the East to fill
the leading railway positions here, special
significance is given to the fact that Chi
cago sent West for experts in the field
of telephone management. ¦ It is regarded
as an acceptance of coast superiority in
at least one important branch of public
utility.
The Chicago territory, served by the
lines over which Mr. Sabln has direc
tion, embraces a population of 13,000,000
people. Yet the. number of telephones In
use on the 1st of January last hardly ex
ceeded the number used by the Pacific
Coast territory, which contains only
2,500,000 people.
Since the engagement of Mr. Sabin to
direct the management of the system In
Chicago the stock of the company whose
management he has just taken has ad
vanced several points. The story goes
that holders of the stock of the Pacific
Company have made investments in Chi
cago stock. ¦ ,
compensation is, therefore, $60,000 a year.
He was not inclined to accept new duties
and extra work when the proposition to
take hold In Chicago was first presented
to him. His personal inclinations tended
toward respite from work. Every time
he declined to entertain negotiations for
leaving San Francisco the Chicago rep
resentatives raised the salary figure until
it reached a limit that constrained him,
to accept for self-defense.
Most successful was the verdict on the
athletic contests and horse races which
were held yesterday afternoon on "Walter
Hobarfs racetrack at San Mateo. The
sports, which were strictly of an amateur
character, were held under the auspices
of the San Mateo Driving Club and the
San Mateo Athletic Club.
In the trotting race, the first event of
the day, the result remained in doubt un
til the final heat had been concluded. The
race was for three-quarters of a mile and
in five heats. There were three entries —
Tom Casey, J. Wisnom and O. Jennings.
Jennings was never in the running. Both
Casey and ¦Wisnom secured two heats to
their credit before the final, which was
won after a spirited contest by Casey.
The results:
Trotting race, three-quarters of a mile, best
three out of five— First heat: Casey first, Wis
nom second, Jennings third. Second heat—
Wisnom first, Casey second. Third heat — Wis
nom first, Casey second. Fourth heat — Casey
first, Wisnom second. Fifth heat— Casey firet,
Wlsnow second. Time, 2:04.
Running mce— E. Turner first, D. W. Don
nelly second. Levy third. Time. :26%.
Shotput — Foster first, 33 feet 3% Inches; De
Mara second, 31 feet 2% inches: Sisson third.
100-yard dash for boj'8 under 13 years— H.
AH first Time, :14.
100-yard dash— Slsson first. Burke second,' De
Mara third. Time, :11.
120-ya*l hurdle race— First heat: Elsson first.
Pean second, Heenan third. Time, :21. Second
heat— Bfirke first. Time, :17. Final— Sisson
first, Burke second:
50-yard race for girls under 13— Gladys Dows
firet.
Tug-of-war — Reds — Foster, Burke, Goodhue,
Fitzgerald: blues — Anderson, Herring:, J. Pease.
W. de Mara; two-minute pull; best two out of
three. The Blues won the first two contests
and the prize— a cap for each member of the
team.
220-yard handicap— Sisson (ecratch), Foster,
Morrison. De Mara (10 j-ards each). . Pease.
Burke. Sheehan (15 yards each). Fitzgerald
(20), Herring (25) and Goodhue (30). Goodhue' s
handicap was by a large majority too liberal,
tnd he won without an effort. Time, :21
Running 1 broad jump— Sisson first, 16 feet
10H inches; J. Plain second, 16 feet 8 Inches;
Wl de Mara third, 16 feet.
Half mile running race— Turner first, O'Grady
second.
Special race for boys— C. Feree won and was
awarded a pocket knife. _
The special tug-of-war for Juveniles resulted
In a victory for the reds.
Back race— Maurice Bettercoast first.
Townspeople of San Mateo Race and
Struggle for All Kinds of
Prizes.
COUNTRY SPORTS AT
WAI/TEB. HOBABT'S HOME
ALBERT BETTENS, the popular
manager of Byron Hot Springs,
and Mrs. Daisy Ricks were mar
ried on Wednesday at high noon,
the Rev. Dr. Adams of the First
Congregational Church oxidating. The
ceremony was performed at the home of
the bride's parents. Mr. and Mrs. G. R.
Lindsay, 907 Steiner street.
It was an extremely quiet wedding and
only the immediate relatives of the con
tracting parties witnessed the ceremony,
i There were no attendants. The bride wore
an elegant blue tailor gown, with hat to
match.
After an elaborate bridal breakfast Mr.
and Mrs. Bettens left for Southern Cali
fornia, where the honeymoon will be
spent.
• • •
The First Friday Cotillon Club closed
its third season •with an assembly and
german in Golden Gate Hall Friday even-
Ing, May 3. The german was led by James
G. Jones and Miss Cecile Engdahl. Those
present were:
Dr. Henry J. Phillips. Miss Mae H. Snyder.
Arthur F. Schuster. Miss Marion McMurtrie
I>r. G. W. "\V. Roche, Miss Jennie Falrgrrieve,
V. J. La Motte. Miss A<iela Frlsbie. H. J.
Van Kirk. Miss L#!llian Eastwood. B. M. Jones.
Miss Minnie Smith. Frank Broite, Miss Cor
nelia Farrell. Arthur C. Cooper, Miss Cora
Rvans. Frederick K. Blue, Miss Gertrude K
Austennuhle, F. D. Hall. Miss Kate L,. Ral
fton. Dr. M. E. Clarke, Miss Lulu McPheron,
Jxmis A- Colton, Miss Blanche Getty. I>. H.
McNeil. Miss Grace Bailey. Elmer Westlake,
Miss Maude Depue, E. U Freitas, Miss Tlllie
McCarthy. Dr. A. J. Knox. Miss Lottie Mar
fton. N. A. Drayeur. Mint! Margaret Healy,
L. H. Stewart. MiM Cleo Simpkirm. K. Mathe
eon. Miss Evelyn Walcom. A. R. Stevens, Miss
Nlta. M. Farmer. C. Grafe, Mips Ruby Egle
fton, E. Gulttard, Miss .<dele Sammy, H. E.
Tnusk, Mrs. Eadie Craig:. G. A. Hubbell, Misb
Nettie Hall. Frank J. Holland. Miss Guseie
tie Witt. Louis F. Guedet. Miss Mayme Carroll.
G. A. Therkof. Miss Mollle O # Brien, W. Mc-
Carthy. Miss Ella Waldo, George Peterson,
Miss Emille Austennuhle. Peter J. Morrln,
Miss Geneva Keaton. Will Ganey. Miss Nina
Jean Cook, Edwin Adams. Miss Sadie Cum
mins*. W. T. Gurney. Miss Belle McLarin,
Adolph J. Alvieo. Miss Mabel Jones, Gus Soher.
Mies Maude Pmith, Vincent K. Holland, Miss
Katheryn O'Brien. Wayland E. Jones, Miss
Gertrude Aldrlrh. G. A. Edlund, Mrs. J. Haas.
L. G. Morrln. Mtan Gertrude Thompson. Robert
W. Martiand. Mips Edith L. Fpooner. C. L.
Fairbanks, Miss J. Clancey. Mark Lennon,
Mies Ora Lambert. P. R. Thompson. Miss L.
Frances Marston, Walter- McLeod, Miss Mabel
Macmilian, A. W. Cooper. Miss Anna Tietje,
X. H. Goodall. Miss Bertha Stoltz. L. Perkins
Juch. Miss Pearl Hnas. H. Lytle Martin. Miss
M. Hlslop, H. L. Morris, Miss Nita Macmil
lan, J. B. Kendall, Mrs. Cole of Oakland.
Charles Dennis. Miss Zoie Haas, William Hen
ririckx. Mist" Eugenie Abblati, Roy Gurney,
Mis* Shea. Paul de Los. Miss Florence Meyer,
D. E. Awley, Miss Ajdrlenne Guittard, E. C.
Cordell. Miss Emma Conradt, H. A. Frank,
Miss Alice Gould. F. K. Newton, Miss E.
Gunzel, Fred Christiansen. MIes Bertha Mces,
Points of Crossing for Over
head "Wires.
C. L. Ackerman, president of the Amer
ican District Telegraph Company, accused
\V. R. Hewitt, chief of the Department of
Electricity, of being negligent at a meet
ing of the Supervisors* Street Committee
yesterday. Ackerman stated that there
is ro disiMjsition on Hewitt's part to des
ignate the common points of crossing for
«j\>-rhead wires for messenger service.
"Hewitt is negligent of his duties," said
Ackerman. warmly, "and there is some
motive back of his actions. He is a whole
year behind in his work, and all he has
<1ono so far is to draw a map showing the
heights of buildings in one block of the
downtown district."
Ackerman further stated that he had
once written to Hewitt ar.d threatened to
have him removed if he did not designate
the points of common crossing.
Hewitt was not present when Acker
man made his charges, but came in short
ly afterward. He hied tiie specifications
for seven profile maps, showing the loca
tions of the points for underground dis
tricts 1 and 2, and informed the commit
tee that the work was comprehensive and
that it had taken some time to accom
plish it. The committee laid the matter
over for one week, when all interested
messenger companies will be represented.
The Finance Committee was requested
to provide funds for the paving of Mar
ket street from Van Ness avenue to Va
lencia street at an estimated cost of $22,
fitO: also for the raising of Sixth street
from Howard to Folsom. the work to cost
$3365; also for the repaying of Polk street
from Sutter to Jackson. The bill provid
ing for a Park and Boulevard Commis
sion was laid over for one week.
HEWITT IS ACCUSED OF
NEGLECTING HIS DUTIES
Has Failed to Designate Common
Terrible Terry McGovern refereed a
four-round slugging match last night at
the San Francisco Athletic Club and fur
nished as much excitement for the 1500
sweltering spectators as the contestants
themselves. He doffed his coat and dis
closed a shirt that added a few degrees to
the atmosphere, called the heavy punch
ers together and Instructed them to light
like gentlemen. .Terry's advice was for
gotten as soon as the gong sounded, and
the sluggers fought like cats on a back
yard fence. McGovern yelled to them to
"break," "get back," "whoa" and used a
few other choice expressions, but Magee
and "Soldier" Ike Allen held on like
brothers. Terry kept them fighting: dur
ing the four rounds, and In the opinion of
every cne he did mor© work than tha two
together. His decision In favor of Magee
was a fair one.
It was a night of heavy battling:. The
opening bout, between Jo© Hill and
"Jockey" Bennett, was the best of the
night. Hill won In the last round by using
some heavy rights. "Billy" Snailham
fought a la McGovern . and sent "Kid"
Parker to the land of nod with a left
swing on the chin. Frank McConnell, the
clever bantam of the Olympic Club, en
tered the ring under the name of Jones
and . surprised a stockily built youth
named Ford by knocking him down and
out in less than twenty seconds' of fight
ing. When It was all over it was discov
ered that Jones was a "ringer," and th»
Amateur Athletic Association •will inves
tigate his conduct. "Young: Kid" McFad
den had all the better of his bout with
E. C. Edwards and would have won hand
ily had he not fouled his man. Referee
Greggalns decided against him and the
crowd applauded the decision.
"Bill" Stewart landed a heavy right on
"Billy" McDonald's jaw In the first round,
and it looked very bad for the latter. He
showed true grit, however, and returned
to the fray and eventually won out by
well- directed punches In Stewart's' mid
section. The police stopped the bout in
the third round, as Stewart was bleeding 1
badly from a cut over the left eye.
"Jockey" "Worthlngton played steeple
chase with "Young Moffatt" and won by
a length in the second round. "Reddy"
Kelly and Ted Wolff were acensed of hav
ing cold feet, and therefore did not put in
an appearance. "Nobby" Otts, who was
to have battled with Pete Coleman, alia3
Magee, was charged with the same af
fliction, but Mr. Otts indignantly denied
it in a speech from the top row of the
bleachers.
¦
The Champion Proves Him
self the Right Third
Man in Arena.
Officiates at Some Torrid
Amateur Ring
t Battles.
TERRY M'GOVERN
AS A REFEREE
Justice of the Peace Groezinger gave
Judgment yesterday in favor of ex-Sheriff
Henry Martin in a suit brought against
him by the Union Collection Agency to
recover the sum of $200 for alleged non
return" of process under section 4179 of the
Political Code. Incidentally. Jud^e Groez
inger administered a severe rebuke to J.
S. Reid, who was prosecuting the case
for the collection agency, of which he is
the main factor.
In his complaint Reid alleged that an
execution had not been returned by the
ex-Sheriff's deputies, but the evidence dis
closed that the execution was satisfied
end Reid's client had received his money.
Judge Groexinger characterized Reid s
procedure as outrageous in having
brought a suit to which the assignor was
r.ot a party. In fact. Reid confessed that
the assignor had not given him permis
sion to sue. and. furthermore, no damages
had been sustained.
"These 6Uits," said Judge Groezinger.
"are brought Einmly for the purpose of
harassing former Sheriffs. I know of one
In which Jules Godeau was mulcted to
the tune of $300. Godeau ¦was surety for
ex-Sheriff Martin and judgment was re
covered against him by default. I will not
tolerate any more of such proceedings in
mv court and any one who brings a suit
of" that kind again will get himself Into
trouble."
Justice of the Peace
Groezinger Talks to
an Attorney.
?
Will No Longer Tolerate
Unjust Suits Against the
Ex-Sheriffs.
SCORES LAWYER
IN OPEN COURT
Jt is believed by the members that there'
will be no change In the present rating of
smoking tobacco and probably none in
that of canned ' goods. The matter of a
change in cooperage ratings was dis
cussed and referred to a committee, to be
reported on. at the next regular meeting
of the classification committee. The pro
posed modification of the rules governing
ratings on mixed carloads was also pre
sented to-day but was considered only in
part. \
Probably the most important action of
the day, because it was final, was the ad
mission to membership in the committee
of the Burlington and Northwestern Rail
road and the choice of St. Louis as the
next place of meeting. The proposed
change in the time of meetings was acted
upon favorably, the time being changed
from the first Tuesday in May and No
vember of each year to the second Tues
day in January and April of each year.
The application of the Davenport, Rock
Island and Northwestern Railroad for
membership in the committee was pre
sented to-day, but : owing to the recent
change in the management of the road
the committee deemed it best to defer ac
tion until its next regular meeting.
At 5:30 o'clock the committee adjourned,
to convene again at 2 p. m. to-morrow, at
which time it. is hoped- to conclude the
business on hand. The recess to-morrow
morning is taken to enable the traffic of
ficials to take the famous seventeen-mile
drive and see the sights of Old Monterey
and its environments -.before', their de
parture Saturday morning. .
A peculiarity of the deliberations 'fcf the
committee is that practically none of its
actions is considered final until the close
of the entire meeting, and much done to
day is very liable to be undone to-morrow
Several representatives of Eastern man
ufactories adilressed the committee to
day. Messrs. Keane of Chicago and Wey
man of New York representing the Ameri
can Tobacco Company, who appeared yes J
terday in opposition . to a proposed ad
vance In the rating of smoking tobacco,
speaking again upon that question F W
Maxwell of the St. Joseph, Mo., Commer
cial Club and John Adams of the Rich
mond, Va., Tobacco Sheep Dip Company
also addressed the committee, advocating
a proposed reduction In the ratings re
spectively, of millinery and canned goods
and tobacco' sheep dip. No action upon
any of these subjects was taken during
the day.
DEL MONTE, May 9.— The -Western
Classification Committee, which began its
labors here yesterday, continued in ses
sion to-day and accomplished considera
ble. The docket shows 400 subjects to be
considered, but many of them are of such
minor importance that they are quickly
and easily settled. Most of the questions
likely to cause prolonged discussion have
been by common consent of the members
deferred to the last and will come up for
consideration to-morrow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
in Classification
Committee.
Argument on Ratings
HENDATE, France, May 9.— Further
advices from Barcelona. Spain, show that
more persons were killed and many
wounded there yesterday. The situation,
is grave. .The garrison numbers 600 men.
Advices from Bilbao say there is great
agitation in the mining-. region.
TOBACCO MEN
OPPOSE RAISE
The Government will present to the
Cortes bills in the Interest of the working
classes; but there will be no compromise
with thfe Catalinists of separatist ten
dencies.
The ! latest dispatches to-day say that
order has been restored. Troops occupy
the suburbs of Barcelona, where the ma
jority of the factories are situated, and
work has been resumed.
,' The Cabinet has decided that all the
agitators arrested are to be tried by
court-martial. The foreign anarchists will
bo expelled from the country.
General Wevler, Minister of "War, has
telegraphed to the captain general af
Barcelona, "You will reply by' arms to
every cry of T>eath to Spain.' "
MADRID, May 9.— An enormous crowd
of people participated in yesterday's riot
ing at Barcelona. The rioters endeavored
to stop work In the factories, which ac
tion resulted in a collision with the troops.
A number of soldiers are among the
wounded. Over a hundred arrests of riot
ers, socialists and extreme Catallnists
have been made. Twenty-one notorious
anarchists, including Chiefs Bofarull and
Foneuberta, have been confined on board
the warshir> Pelayo.
Quiet Reigns at Barcelona,
but the Situation Is
...' Grave.
- . •. ¦ - ¦¦¦ ¦ - » i' ¦
Spanish Troops Reply to
Attack With Their'
Rifles.
MIRY RIOTERS
ARE SHOT DOWN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 10, 1901. V
POPULAR HOTEL MANAGER
JOINS RANKS OF BENEDICTS
Wedding in This City of Albert Bettens of Byron
Hot Springs and Mrs. Daisy Ricks.
* ¦ * " -I-' ' — - -*
Forty Thousand Dollars a Year the Figure of Com
pensation in His New Field.
JOHN I. SABIN BEGINS
HIS WORK IN CHICAGO
The following chaperon.es were present:
Mrs. James G. Jones, Mrs. A. H. Evans,
Mrs. E. E. McKenzie, Mrs. C. McLaren, Mrs.
Stoltz, Mrs. GouM, Mrs. Haas, Mrs. Waldo,
B. C. Heller, Miss M. Drayeur. | Alexander
Schmulian, Miss Jennie Dillon, Mr. and Mrs.
A. D. Cheshire, Alexander L. Houle, Miss S.
Hosken. W. Happ, Miss Kathrlne Dunne, Mr.
and Mrs. John Dlerssen, A. W. Frank. Mies
Daisy Steffen, Harry S. Johnson, Miss Emma
M. Hahn. •
• •
11
Like every pthef complex machlneTthe Human body has its
periods 'for repair. Sleepi. is Nature's time for rest, wheri the
repair shops of the brain make good the damage of the 'taking
hours. The man who cannot sleep, or who suffers from headache,
lost appetite, indigestion^ heart trouble or pain, is
running with a hot box. Give the tired brain and worn-out
nerves a; chance to rest. Stop! It h time to oil up,
11 1 vrzs troubled for & long time with a stomach disor
der and terrible headaches. I could not rest or sleep and
night after night would lie awake until three or four In-
the morning before I closed an eye. .The doctors did not
help me ana I began taking Dr. Miles' Nervine. I could
- flee an improvement the second day, and in a few weeks
my bead and stomach trouble were gone." '
' A. H. Serb?, Astoria* TIT^
Of© WMl^s 9 , Pfet vl^6
feeds and rests the weary brain and weakened nerves. It
, gives zest to the appetite, stimulates digestion, increases
circulation and restores health to body and mind.
Sold by druggists on guarantee.* - ' Db. Miles Medicmi. Co.", Elkbart, Xo0THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, MAY 10, 1901.
12
HELP "WANTED— FEMALE-— Con.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. .Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waitress, summer resort....; *&*
. Head waitress, summer resort $40
2 waitresses, summer resort.... *20
Waitress, Santa Cruz, see party here $20
10 waitresses, city and country ...$20
Laundress, hotel :. *35
Mangier, Lake Tahoe, see party here, fare
paid : $25
10 fancy ironers ..........$10 week
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Woman with a child, $15; cook and laundress,
countiy, $30; cook, choice place, fare pald,-
.. $25; any number of house girls, second girls,
nurse girls, 1 cooks wanted for city and coun-
try, best of wares.
¦ C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
WANTED— Protestant girl for housework for 2
in family, country, $25; 4 Protestant girls to
cook, 'also housework, in city, $25 and $30;
woman for housework for hospital, $20: 4
laundresses and ironers, $30 and- $35; parlor
maid and waitress, $25; cook, German style.
$35; 6 cooks, plain wash. $30; 12 waitresses
for city and country hotels, $20 and $25; 8
waitresses for city restaurant, $8 and $9 a
week; 41 girls for housework in city and
country, $25. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Butter Et
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
Waitresses, springs, country hotels; $20. .
WANTED— Twenty-five young girls residing at
home to learn overall making; paid while
learning. Standard Shirt Factory. Gough
and Grove sts., .city. '
A YOUNG woman to do general housework;
small family; for Alameda. Call 321 Hyde
Bt., San Francisco, between 2 and 3 o'olock.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman aa house-
keeper for country; $10 per month. Box
3100, Call. ¦ ' ' ¦ '
WANTED— A first-class waist hand, steady
work: also an improver. Emporium Dress-
making Department.
WANTED— Young lady timekeeper and to do
general office work: wages $20 to start. S.
F. Novelty Works. Bay and Stockton sts.
WANTED— Cook; city references required; two
in family; wages $30. Apply this forenoon or
between 5 and 6, 2108 Jackson st.
2 GIRLS to onerate parlor sewing machines.
Crescent Feather Co.. 162 New Montgomery.
EXPERIENCED vest finishers wanted: good
pay; steady work. HILP, 106 Battery st.
WANTED— Middle-aged woman to care for In-
valid; no cooking. 512^ Brannan st
WANTED— Millinery salesladies. The Leon,
943 Market st.
: YOUNG woman for light housework. Apply
2515% Sacramento St.. 1 to 3; references.
CHAMBERMAID wanted, $15 per month and
found. 123 Eddy st; call between 7 and 10.
EXPERIENCED bindery girl wanted. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st. .
GOOD girl wanted to learn bookbinding. MY-
SELL-ROLLINS CO., 22 Clay st.
WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
about 28 years of age for second work and
attend grown children;. must have good refer-
j ence; wages $25 per month. Address P. O.
box 196. San Rafael. - .
EXPERIENCED operators on ¦ electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICHELS, 531
Mission st. *
WANTED — A woman, German prel^rred, for
general housework and cooking in Alameda.
Call mornlngg at 53S Polk at. city.
HAIRDRESSING taught In 20 lessons; employ-
ment positively secured each student. Col-
lege, 574 Geary at. j *
10 GENERAL housegirls, $25; nurses, second
girls and waitress; girls for country. CAT-
j TELL'S, 525 Eighth st, Oakland.
W ANTED— Experienced salesladlea; state age,
experience and salary expected. ' Apply box
3662. Call office.
OPERATORS wanted at Lev! Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory. 32Va Fremont st Apply to
MR. DAVIS. '
WANTED-Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladies' waists. EAGLESON
CO.. 535 Market at. •
GERMAN woman with no lncumbrance as
housekeeper; $15; good home. Box 3641, Call.
MORE young girls to learn cigar making: $3 a
week while learning. 621 Montgomery st.
FINISHER on custom pants. 2010^ Mason at.
YOUNG girl to assist with housework. 45
Bartlett st.
GIRL or -woman to assist with housework.
1130 Church st., near Twenty-fourth.
WANTED— Piano player for country; lady
preferred. - Box 3607, Call office.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1036
Valencia at ¦
HELP WANTED MAKE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st
Wanted, 500 men for railroad work
Laborers, teamsters and tunnelmen
Wages from $175 to $2 50 a day
Free fare. Ship daily Free fare
Coal miners for New Mexico
Driver for delivery wagon, city, $10 a week;
4 blacksmiths, country, $2 50 and $3 day and
$40 and $45 and board; 3 carpenters. $3 50 a
day; 6 milker3, country, $30; 4 railroad sec-
tion hands. ?1 60 a day; 6 farmers, $25 and
$26; 2 choremen, $20
20 tiemakers and 20 woodchoppers and shin-
gle bolt makers for Santa Cruz County
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Cook and helper, country hotel, $85 to $90;
head cooks, seconds cooks, broilers and fry
cooks, $100, $75, $85, $60 and $30; short order
cooks, $15 a week; 10 second cooks, country
hotels, $45, $40 and $35; second and third
cooks, same springs. $40 and $30; extra con-
fectioner, city, $3. a day; cake baker, north.
$65 and fare; 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands. $30 and $25; 10 hotel and restaurant
waiters. $30 to $50; 6 waiters, country hotels,
-$30; 2 waiters, country hotel, $25 and fare
advanced; dishwasher, country hotel, $25 and
free fare ;
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A— RAILROAD camp cook and helper, north,
$50 and $25 and free fare. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary st. ¦ , . "
TWO milkers for country. $30, see boss here
early this morning. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
628 Sacramento st.
COOK, $30. and dishwasher. $20. country hotel.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
NIGHT cook, $13 a week; baker, country shop.
$60 and found; cook, country hotel, $40 and,
found; restaurant cooks, $40 to $60 month and
$13 to $16 week: 4 waiters, country hotels,
$S0; second cooks, dishwashers, oystermen
and others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sac-
ramento st. •
PLANER man for country, $50 and found; 4
section men for railroad. $1 60 a day;
farmer and wife, $40 and found: 10 far-
\.vners, $25 and $30 and $1 50 day: 8 milkers,
$30 and $35; stableman for country. $30 and
. found; cnoreman, $23;-man about place. $30;
laundryman»and wife, $C0 and found; labor-
ers for mill, $26 to $30; lumber pliers. $30 and
found; sheep herder, $25 and found; team-
- sters. SStO and found and many others. J. F.
CBOSETT & CO., 6IS Sacramento st.
AT CAL EMP. AGENCY, 59 3d; phono John 3131.
Railroad laborers. Ship to-day
"Free fare .Free fare Free fare
B0 men for railroad ...$1 75 to $2 25 per day
10 mill and woods men .Free fare
10 lumber pliers $35 to $45 per month
10 woodchoppers. pine..... $1 25 per cord
Quarrymen, drillers and laborers j
20 men for rock crusher .....$2 per day
10 pick and shovel men $1 75 to $2 per dav
10 havmakers..$l 25 to $1 50 per dav and board
4 milkers r $35 per month
4 stonemasons.... Best union wasres
4 section men, S. P. R. R. Co ...Free fare
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, room 12
— 2 more colored waiters; country, $30.
THREE cabinetmakers,, non-union: no offlce
fees. Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410
Kearny st.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market Bt. room 207.
I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
TRAVELING representatives to visit country
towns,; house-to-house . soliciting; hlgh-srrad*
proposition; expenses guaranteed; liberal
commission. - See Manager, 138 Montgomery
st. 10 to 2 to-day. ...
YOU can make money selling steamer tickets
• to witness launching battleship Ohio; some
cash security; guaranteed against loss. 301
' Examiner building. ¦
WANTED— Salesmen to sell Ftockfor a Kern
River oil company; wajres $10 per week. Ap-
.- ply room 7, Hobart building-, 532 Market st
FIRST-CLASS buggy washer and hostler who
thoroughly. .understands the citv and drive;
x wages $60 „ per month. PETERS' v Stables.
1314 ¦ Grove St. .
WANTED— Experienced clerk in the grocery
¦business; must know how to handle horses
. and be well acquainted with delivery. " Apply
at RANCKE BROS.. 1532 Kentucky Bt
WANTED— Locksmith who can do repairing.
A. ERLANDSEN. Berkeley Hardware' and
Repair Shop, 2020 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
WANTED — Bakers and confectioners,- (rood
-• wages, steady employment, - at PAGE &
- FALCH'S. 1 Turk and Mason sts.
WANTED— An experienced candy helper; state
• experience. . Box 26C2, Call offlce.
BUSHELMAN— Must be a good hand: good
.-wages: steady position. 113 Grant ave.
A GOOD union barber for Saturday and Sun-
. day. 1SS5 . Mission . st. ¦;._¦.. ;''
BOY wanted In paint shop. ' 120 Eddy st.
¦ CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become dissrusted with poor work
Bend to SPAULDIKG'S Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st.: tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO., Carpet-beating Works : prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2351.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company. 342-
344 McAllister st.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st ; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. 3 Eighth st. : telephone Jessie 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Go! Ten
Gate ave. ; telephone East 126.
DENTISTS. „____
AT^theELECTRcT-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flcod bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
J3 60 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
•wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell St.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
BCc; plates, J5: full set; all work painless and
¦warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments.
Office 1141 Polk St.. cor. Sutter: open Sundays.
A NEW thing in gold filling; no hammering
as before: absolutely no pain: call inves-
tigate; examinations free. Ideal Dental Co.,
6 Eddy st, rooms 44 and 32. .
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4: crowns, ?3; fillings, 25c.
DR. R. L. WALSH,815?i Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c: plates to up: phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST rrices in S. F. Painless extraction,
50c. N. Y. Dentists, 969 Mission St., cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St., corner Sixth.
SET of teeth iwithout plate. DR. II. G.
YOUNG. 1341 Polk St.
DRESSMAKERS AXD SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & MUlnery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
GALLAGHER^MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping: Robert
F. Gallaprher. expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand; reportor'al phrasing taugrht; prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $50; catalogue.
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post st,
5 F.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
giiag-es telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
6 night sessions; new 80-page catalogue free. •
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market st— Day
& eve.; bookkeeping, shorthand, typinpr, teleg-
raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; individual
instructions; positions secured; catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tions guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkin Et.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elecminlngr.mech., sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est 1S64. Van
der'Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners'; business
college graduates: bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR. exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldff. ; Individ, instruction; catalogue.
WANTED — A few pupils in all branches in
oil painting by very competent lady, teacher;
50c. Box E, Call office.
EXPERIENCED teacher wishes pupils; Eng-
lish branches: references. 426 Golden Gate.
PROF. MERKI. from Paris, violin, mandolin,
puitnr; experienced. 100S Mission st.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
SPANISH lessons (riven by a native Spanish
teacher. 513 McAllister st.
KLECTKO-IHEKAPUTIC-.
Electric-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. & K.'s Electric Sanitarium, 8 Mason.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. \
ITALIAN Labor Supply Co.. 24 Montgomery
' ave., tel. John 1431, will supply labor free of
charge; specialty of railroad , help, farm
; hands, miners, gardeners, fruit pickers, etc.
JAPANESE Employment office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at short
I notice. 1123 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 2391.
'< JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters " and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post st.; tel. Bush 135.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 42B Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-'
ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 518S.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office—
Best help.' 411'/ 2 O'Farrell Bt;tel. East 426.
EMFLO YaiEJNT^ WANTED FEMALE^
RESPECTABLE woman with girl',. 5'*, years*
.wants chamber or housework, or plain^ cook-
ing; small boarding-house; wages . $12; city-
preferred. 714 Howard st. ¦ v. ... '.. ', , :
COMPETENT Scandinavian ¦ woman -• wishes
situation to do housework in small ' family;
is a good cook; no postals. 13 Moas st., off
Howard, bet. Sixth and Seventh. ' •
GOOD experienced laundress would like work
by the day or week. Please call at 534 How-
ard Bt. ' -
GENERAL housework by a competent woman-
is good cook and laundress. 10 Wetmorc st
bet. Mason and Powell, Clay and Washington!
A RESPECTABLE elderly lady , wishes situa-
tion: light . housework, take carre of sick-
good nurse. Please call 1023 McAllister st '
near Webster; no cards answered. "
FIRST-CLASS fitter and trimmer wishes en-
gagements; $1 50 per day. 244 Taylor st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket — 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
IS week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage' to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— MALE.
WANTED— Situation by an all-around engineer,
electrician and machinist; 18 years' experience
in care of electric light, water works and elec-
tric power plants, electric and compressed air
and mining machinery; at present master me-
chanic of a large mining plant; good reasons
for leaving; steady, honest and strictly tem-
perate; best of references; competent to take
charge of any plant; would like steady posl-
tlon. Address box 3023, Call office.
I AM looking for a position wherein wide ex-
perience in all agricultural branches— Europe,
U. S. and 15 years California — together with
broad education, good handwriting, bookkeep-
ing, -correspondence, etc.j could earn moderate
salary for an old bachelor. German, box 500,
Call office.
ELDERLY man wants employment in office,
store, cigar stand, copying, any light work;
wages no object; good references. Box 3628,
Call office. r.
"MAN and wife want places; man used to horses
and useful; wife plain cook, good laundress.
Box 3603. Call office.
STEADY, experienced waiter, can cook short
orders, wants position; hotel or lunch counter,
out of city. 29 Winchester House. ¦•
"WANTED— By a good violin and sliding trom-
bone player, situation as a barber. Address
S. MICKELSON, 625 Clay st.
YOUNG man would be glad to hear of a situa-
tion in grocery store or a position of any
kind; good reference. Box 300O, Call office.
GERMAN and wife wish situations; man is
good gardener and wife first-class cook; fur-
nish best of reference; Just arrived from New
York. 1020 Market st, room 9.
WANTED — A position as gardener on private
place, or residence; many years' experience;
steady and sober man. Please address or call
1309 Stockton st. ss,
STRICTLY temperate single man seeks work;
porter, watchman or trustworthy situation;
excellent character; references. Advertiser,
Station 2, Oakland.
STRONG young German, age 20 years, -willing
to work, who learned farming in Germany,
wants position in country. J. MAUS, 1017
Myrtle St., Oakland.
A YOUNG man wishes position in grocery,
comnus-sion-house or fruit stand; not afraid
of ' work. Box 3091, Coll office..
YOUNG man with 5 years' experience in office
desires position or will accept any other kind
of employment; no soliciting. Box 3611, Call.
YOUNG man, German, would like position as
bartender; city or country; good references.
Address box 3609. Call.
GROCERY clerk wishes position in store. Ad-
dress box 3613, Call office. . -
RELIABLE, sober German (30) wishes position
as driver; city or country. . Box 3610. Call.
BUSINESS man under 40, single, from the
East, wants position in any capacity, or go
anywhere; unfortunate investments cause
this ad; who wants me? Box 3645, Call.
MAN would like to obtain a position either as
, watchman or driving- delivery wagon. Call
at 48 Bruce . place, off Folsom, between Sev-
enth and Eighth.
CARRIAGE painter, middle-aged, wants work
in country shop on percentage. Address J.
G. N., 1231 Mission st., S. F.
WANTED— Job around private place; under-
stands care of horses and cows; handy with
tools. Address D. RAE. 664>/i Howard st.
SALESMAN— Young man wants position as
salesman, solicitor or collector; experienced;
good references. Box 3017, Call office.
SOBER youth of 20, 4 years' experience, wants
position in drug store; good references; will-
ing to work for board and room till ability
demonstrated. Address F. G. BAKER, Los
Banos. Cal. '
AN experienced engineer in erectton and opera-
tion of lai*sre pumping plants desires engage-
ment after May 15. Address box 3654. Call.
WANTED— A chance to go to Alaska to work
in the mines with fare prepaid. Address
FRANK CROFAUGH, Mountain View, Cal.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ '
FLATS TO LET.
SEVEN sunny rooms; bath. 961 Golden Gate
ave., opposite Jefferson square; $32 50.
SUNNY upper flat 5 rooms and bath. 1012 Thir-
teenth St., near Scott. *
SUNNY corner; new; 9 rooms, bath, attic; $60:
water extra. Page st and Central ave.
TWO new elegant flats just finished; 8 rooms,
bath; rent $42 50. 1523 Clay St., near Hyde.
6-ROOM flat,, fur. or unfurnished, with bath,
garden: no small children. 1131 McAllister.
FLATS TO -LET- — Furnished.
ADULTS; 4 comfortable rooms, bath; 2 beds;
Kas and coal stoves; all necessaries. 1917
Geary st. .
MODERN furnished flat, o rms. & bath, piano,
etc., to Sept.l; cheap. 1330 Grove, 2 to 4 p. m.
NICELY furnished upper flat of 5 rooms, with
piano. 721% Grove; call bet. 10 and 5 o'clock.
HANDSOMELY furnished flat; 3 rooms and
bath; 2 folding beds; $15. 1537 Larkin .st
NEWLY furnished flat • of 6 rooms: piano;
bath: ?W) a month; adults. 1607 Webster st
FURXITURE FOR SALE.
.4 ROOMS furnished in -oak. $48 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
THE furniture of a 7-room house for sale'
cheap. 961 Howard Bt. ; no agents.
ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
s to ves : give us a trial. 1114 Mission st.
FURNITURE WANTED.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
\etc, see W.E.Cody, 757 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder, '22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpets, etc.
IF you want to sell furn., mdse., etc.. see J. A.
Munro & Co., 240 Stockton st. ; tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing- of your furniture see
Golden' Gate Auction Co.. 92S Howard St.
ART goods and fine furniture bought. Indiana
Auction Co., 117 Sutter st. ; tel. James 141..
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st, pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctioneer— L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin; tel. Polk 694;
furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY ¦ buys your furniture, carpets*
J pianos, etc. 1135 Market st : tel. Jessie : 761. ¦--
HELP WASTED FEMALE.
"MltS. M. E. DAY &CO... .Phone Main 1575"
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. .
9 waitresses, flrst-clas3 city hotels, . $20 and
J22 50- 4 -waitresses, same first-class com-
• mercial hotel, ¦ $20; -. 2 waitresses, j Salt Lake
City. Utah, $20, fare here: J2 waitresses, dif-
ferent hotels, $20 and; $25; 2 chambermaids,
° ' FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Cooks and house girls of all nationalities for
city and country, best wages; .nurse one
baby. |25; many others. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO., 335 Geary st. ¦ .
YOUNG ladles of good appearance as asents
for excellent line; good pay; ref. Box M 14,
Call office. . .
a" '-iurritTt'i'-r A- RFADY .V.'^Phone' Main ES48
A — MLRKA1 cc xllUAU x ....... T . 1 7pnts ..
...Leading Employment and "Labor Agents .
WANT 7 A. M. ro-"DAX--y-"- v
LOS ANGELES & SANTABARBARA^IV
....;. FREE-FARE .•
. . .$1 Of flce-Fee-and-No-Other-Expenses.
Cariokdof -laborersfor S. P. R- B- <$'&?£
work; no experience required; wa«es$l 7p ana
$2 23 day ri^^
Harness-maker ....TTTTcarpenters. city _work
Blacksmith.. agricultural works S "day
Blacksmith. Marin County.. .....•« ?» u j£j
Camp blacksmith, no shoeing.. ...-•••••¦•-"•»
27 blacksmiths and helpers, ranche*. camps
and shops.. $40 and $50. $65. $3. $2 50 and $- day
3 carriage painters, near city..- ?"'"
.TT..... MISCELLANEOUS --•••••;• •"•"
WE PAY FARE and SHIP TO-DAY-Labor-
ers. sawmills and woods *• "i^lXJUZiL
25 crosscut sawyers, tree fellers, 6^
4 slWle-hand miners •^A""*'iH'~nA'tci
25 drillers, city and country.. $60 and $42 «*«*«
25 laborers, city $1 'J- an 2 H1 r B . |«
27 haymakers, run mowers, etc..$28. $-0 « «*>
25 butter-makers and milkers... $37 50^ $3o. $30
10 choremen and boys $ S'- |20 1 f ?n«nd
2 hostlers, country stable $3o and found
Buggy washer near city ZillZZSm
Married man to take care of gentleman 3
residence and grounds «_*•••-•••• 'VS
BAKERS COOKS WAITERS...-.
Baker for Washington -.$&>, fare paid
Baker, small mining camp, aorth: cake baker.
$17 £0 week; 25 bakers, different city and coun-
try shops, $50 to $70: 50 cook*^ second, third
and fry cooks. $70. $50. $40, and W w«*i »
waiters, city and country. $30 and $3o. $13 to
$15 week. Hundreds of other positions on our
bulletin boards. Come down and read them.
MURRAY & READY. 634-638 Clay «t
2-CHAIR barber shop and bath for sale In best
mining town In State. See party betweea 13
and 2 at Golden West Hotel. Fills st j
BOY wanted. Apply at 1400 Stockton st.
WANTED— Boy at 225% Montgomery ave.
WANTED— Boy for office. Address in own
handwriting box 8628. Call office.
ERRAND boy and to help about drug jtores
(give age and residence. Box 496, Call offloe.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. 791 Ifls-
slon st.
BOOTBLACK wanted in barber shop. 132 Third
street. - - j
WANTED— Good coatmaker on custom coats to
work inside. 927 Market st. room 623.
A STEADY man with $150 cash can make $80 a
month. Apply at 209 Kearny St.. room 1.
WANTED— Bootblack for barber shop. Corner
Jones and Sutter sts. ; call to-day.
WANTED— A first hand bread baker: non-
union. Call at 1365 Castro St.. Oakland, Cal.
WANTED— A good waiter for private rooms.
105 California. Market, California Restaurant.
WANTED— A tailor at RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. Navy: able-bodied unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able to read and speak English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st.. San Francisco.
MEN — Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade in two months, savins two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our college; chairs and furniture are
all made to our own order, with a view to
cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 635 Clay «t
Beware of any cheap imitations.
SALESMEN— For high-grade book proposition;
no house work; sold to the best pepole only;
must be of good education, address and ap-
pearance; references required as to trust-
worthiness and ability. Address box 3623.
Call office.
ACTIVE man by large manufacturing house to
work at home; $36 in cash paid for twelve
days' trial; promotion and permanent position
if satisfactory. Address S. P. Co.. 720 Ran-
stead st, Philadelphia, Pa.
WANTED— First-class carriage blacksmith and
a first-class carriage gear and body maker;
steady employment to right party and first- ,
class wages. Apply to A. MEISTER & SONS
CO., Sacramento, Cal.
WANTED— Young man as outside draper and
salesman in drapery department; state age,
experience and salary expected. Box 3627,
Call office.
WANTED— Young roan for office work; one
who has had some experience on invoices pre-
¦ ferred. Apply, stating age, experience and
salary expected to box 3601, Call office.
WANTED— At Restaurant Keepers' Associa-
tion. 127 Mason st. restaurant help of all
kinds; male and female; register at once;
permanent positions; good pay.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150 large
rooms: 25c. per night; $1 to $2 per week.
BAKERS and confectioners wanted: union
wages; union hours; no Sunday work. 1035
Market St.
WANTED— Two energetic men of neat appear-
ance with good references; good chance for
advancement. Apply 405 Montgomery, room 6.
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULLIS^
¦ Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. '2,
G. A. R-, room 40, Phelan bldg., 806 Market^
AN office man; simple bookkeeping; general!
usefulness; in country: small salary: good
home. Address M. S., box 3018. Call office.
CARPENTERS wanted: 4 first-class men. Ap-
ply ROBINSON & GILLESPIE. 337 Sutter st
CUTTER for country. Apply REISS BROS.'
CO.. 24 Sutter st. -
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 562 Mission t>t.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GOOD bread and cake bakers: first-class wages.
RUEDIGER & LOESCH. 111-113 Larkin st.
WANTED — Several g-ood men. Apply at the
Royal Portrait Co., 1145 Market st.
CHEAP; up-to-date 3-chalr barber shop In
Western Addition. Box 3615, Call office.
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale cheap; rent $6.
403 Pacific st.
BOY between 15 and 16 years of age. Inquire
£08 Valencia st, flower store.
WANTED— First-class tailor on coats; grood
wages. 135V4 Natoma st.
"MEN to learn barber trade; 'catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
PENSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, room 318.
GET your shoes half-soled -while -waiting; 25c
' to 50c. E62 Mission »c. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Basters on^custom coats. Apply at
factory of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary »t.
COATMAKERS wanted. Apply at factory of
S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— 100 men to take rooms, 10c, 15c and
20c. Boston House. 820 Howard st
COATMAKER and pantsmaker for country.
Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24 Sutter St. ¦ -
WANTED— Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SEWING MACHINE CO., 300 Post st.
WANTED — 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes, $1 up: soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale. 5Cc up. 241 Third st.
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night; reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200,Fillm6re st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
• postage paid. " - :.:.<¦¦.-¦
HORSES AXD WAGOXS.
40' HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market!
327 Sixth st. : auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
WANTEI>-Second-hand surrey or other two^
seated rig in good condition, double and sin-
gle harness and team. Send particulars and
price of all or either, box 3643, Call office.
A HIGH-GRADE rubber tire road wagon and
harness; handsome 6-year-old mare; complete
outfit In perfect condition; price $300. Box
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence its'.
3d session June 10. Catalogue by acDlvin* to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ONE good work team: snow white pony gentle
for children; hack cheap. 2453 Mission st, '
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st. '
GOOD business horses, wagon horses, heavy
light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard!
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. S32 Mission.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
£ al .l' } 6 J^ SM ' seD * t0 an V address In the
United States or Canada one year for H
• postage paid. . . *v7
. HOUSES TO LET. ~~
A^iu^ra-oTisTliou^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
A NICE sunny house of 8 rooms and bath:
modern. Iol2 Howard st.. near 11th st. «
A HOUSE of 5 rooms. 2311 Polk st
* 1 *T I £ O 1 J ;SE « 3 yoms; yard; water free. JJS
Eighth st I
"LOST AXD FOTTCTD.
LOST— On . trolley ride, on Wednesday night
from Second and. Market to ClifE House a
bug Pin with 18 small diamonds. Finder please
return to 3230 Twenty-second st. and receive
price of pin aa re-ward. ;• ;
LOST— Llewellyn setter bitch, black ana white
ticked. • black patch under left eye. Return
St. Lawrence Stable, ,433 Post at; receive *2O
reward.
LOST— Greyhound, lame, on Tuesday, at Gough
and Market. Please return to 3 Central
court; reward.
LOST out of a buggy. .1 paJr coachman's boots
¦ and ' breeches, docking: knife, etc. ; reward
1611 California st.
LOST— Bundle containing- Mexican saddle and
hair bridle & 2 saddle blankets, from Rogers'
Mission express wagtm: address on bundle A
B- Snreckels: liberal reward will be paid
Return to "Wells. Fargo's Express Office.
Second and Mission sts.
Lost— Aboard Berkeley, toilet room. "Wednesday
morning, black leather pocketbook; satisfac-
tory identification and reward given. Address
2423 Dana st.. Berkeley. _____^_
LOST— A passbook with the Hib-»rn!a Savins*
ami Loan Society of San Franciaoo. In th<»
name of MICHAEL J. FITZGERALD: Nr>.
86-6S2. The finder, will please return to bani.
FOUND — Light sorrel horse at Mission San
Josa road. Apply at French Dairy. 523 Cam-
bridge »t. S. F. !
•Wanted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte!
jewelr. 243 O'Farrell. bet Powell and Mason.
MATRIMO.MAL
• _ r - . .
GENTliEMEN wishlm? to marry wealthy ladies
sand 10c for list MRS. HERTZ. 7M EHls at.
ALL contemplating matrimony send 19 cents
for "The Wedding Bell." 18 Mason st.
MATTRESSES A^'P UPHOLSTERY.
MATTRESSES »nd pillows; teL South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
cleaned: expert carpet cleaning: strictly reU-
able. HOPKE BROS- Sli«20 Hlevroth st
MEDICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladle* only:
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment ra-
perlor to all others; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the most obetlnata
cases are immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult ca»e» treated; scientific metaoda ntuar-
anteed. PR. G. W. Q-DOyNE*LL, 1013 Markt.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to give
instant relief for all female complaints; the
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay fconsult frw. MRS. DR. KOHL, us
Market st. next to Owl Drug Store.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market, ladies'
specialists; S3 years" practice; all cases treated
by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliabla
treatment superior to any other: positive cur»
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless; consultation free.
IMPORTANT notice to ladies— Price reduced
from $10 to |2 50; more to do and less charge*:
no medicine or pills used; S7 years' experi-
ence- in all easen satisfaction guaranteed:
cure in one day. DR. POPPER, medical spe-
cialist. 12 Mason st., near Market
DR and MRS. GOODWIN. 1033 Market, bet. 6th
& 7th— Expert specialists ; well known and re-
liable; 25 yrs. experience; treatment guaranfd
to give instant relief from all female troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS DR WTETH. reliable specialist; 28 yrs.*
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during
confinement 94B Post, bet Hyde and Larkin.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1118 Market— Reliable la-
dels' specialist: best medical care; low fees.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, enzines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPJIAN. 195-137 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors. • restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand; we always have a larce stock of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship every thinsr
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017, 1019. 1021. NTO
Mission st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
A — BUTS. sells or rents gear machinery, en-
glnes, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 216 Spear st.
A 4-OUNCE case solid silver watch with Walt-
ham or Elgin movement for $5. UNCLE
! HARRIS, 13 Grant ave.
OLD lumber. J6 per thousand: all kinds. J.
REYNOLDS, " dlsmantler of buildings, Perry
St.. between Fourth and Fifth.
A LARGE fir© and burglar proof safe for J350:
cost originally $1000. UNCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant ave.
"WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 H. P.;
will exchange for gas engines.' - LTVINGS-
TON. 558 Mi»3ion St. ' .
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds bought,
sold, rented and exchanged. H. S. WHITE.
516 Mission st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny at-, near Pine.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close them
out: different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 129 Mantgomy.
NEW Home and Domestic sewing machine:
good order: cheap. 1915 Mission st. nr. 15th.
THOROUGHBRED water spaniel pups. 144
Flood ave.. | Sunnyslde.
FOR SALE— A St Bernard pup S months old;
cheap. 610 Larkin st.
LAUNCH "Cosmos" for sale. Apply to G.
KRINPHOFF. 1323 Montgomery ave.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO., 123 Ellls^st
WE pay big prices for sealsklcs. Portland
Loan Office. 25 Stockton st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 3d hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st
A FIRST-CLASS square piano for $30. UN-
CLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st
Gasoline or distillate engines, naw ft 3d-hand;
all slues; guaranteed. NEWELL, 59 Bluxome.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and ma«lc lantern gooda
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES — New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
SAFES— New and second hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market Bt. San Fran.
¦V '-.\ '}. aiIS*CELLAXEOUS WANTS.
COMPANY wanted to sink on land adjoining
upper part of Kern County in oil belt for
. one-fifth. Apply to W. M. STAXSBURT.
fcarta Rosa, Cal.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical gooda. 154 Ninth; teL Folsom 2532.
WANTED— A second-hand Remington tvpe-
writer and office desk. Box 3621, Call office.
WANTED— Sd-hand upright piano or organ for
cash, a L. WHITEHEAP. 1706 Market st.
MOSEY TO LOAX.
A — MONET to loan at rates which peopleTcan
' atTord to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you will lose
their friendship; do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay: no
publicity. Rooms. 9 and 10. 906 Market st
IF TOUR PROPERTY "
— ' IS MORTGAGED
and you need moro money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st Loans on estates In probate,
undivided interests in estates, second mort-
gages, etc.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first
second mortgages, estates in probate Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room 16 1st fleo^.
Chronicle- building. HALLORAN & OLSEX.
ANY amount at 6%: first, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided interest, real estate in pro-
bate; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay; get my terms before doln? business else-
¦wrhere. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
st.;. tel. Main 1S44. Branch lfr Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture." etc. by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room S. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms: no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL, 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
LOANS on salaries without indorser or secur-
lty; Eastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bldg.
DEAL direct; furniture, pianos; no removal:
-. low ratg; strictly private. Lick. 116 McAllister.
5% on furniture and pianos: $15 up- no removal:
no commission; private. Room SI. 6 Eddy st.
MONEY loaned salaried people without security.
HILL. .rm. 44. Merchants" Ex.. 4.1 California.
CASH loaned en salar'es; New York plan. THE-
TOUSLEY.CO.. 321 Parrott building.
L 9 A . N J > . l3t or M mt^: city, country. 6^. undi-
1 vided ints. ; estates. HARPER. 397 Parrott big-
°S a l?; r 4'5* or wa *e»: no indorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan bnHdlng :
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for bulMlns:
low rate. 222 Sansome »t.. room. 1
CASH loaned to smarted i^eonle on note without
indorser. MORRELL. 6C9 Examiner bulldinff.
4-O«-0«-0-*-0-*.0-*- 0-*-0-*-O-*-O-*-0-»-O-«-0-*-O-«-O-*-0-*-0-*-O-*-0-«-0-*-0-*-O-*-O-*-O-*-0-*-0-*-O k
II WE PAY CASH FOR LADIES AND GENTS °
T Ngw and Second- Hand Clothing ]
5 Masquerade, Theatrical, and Evening Dresses for Rent. J
o " I 154 Ninth -St. >. °
f: BOOKS Bought, Sold and Exchanged Tel, Folsom 2522. £
? • ¦ "--^ 'V JL\ : y
5 San Francisco, Cal., May 9, 1901. f
4 Business Manager of S. F. Call. ,, ?
? Dear Sir: Please continue nfy ad in Mis_ J
? cellaneous Wants until .further notice. I ?
5 have been advertising in The Call for sev_ J
? eral months and have excellent and satis- ?
? factory results from the same. *
0 Yours truly, ?
\ v '.'¦ 7J.£jZteb*-\
1 ' ' ' " * ¦¦¦"¦?
o-»-o-«-o-»-o-»-c-»-o-»-o-^o-»-o-^o-^o-^o-^o-^o-^o-^o-^r)-»-o-»-o-*o-»-o-»-o-*-o-*-o-»-o-»-o-»' o
SAX FRANCISCO CAIX.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Ban Francisco
Call, corner cf Market and Third street.; open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-527 Montgomery etreet
ccrrer Clay: cpen ontil 8:50 p. m.
SCO Hayes street; o]>en until 9:30 p. ra.
633 McAllister* street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street : open until 9:30 p. m.
1P41 Missicn Etreet: open until 10 p. m.
1261 Market etreet corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
lCfi Eleventh ttreet; opea until 9 p. m.
10?6 Valencia Etreet: open untl 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
ttirkv Ftrefts: open until 9 p. m..
MEETING XOTICES. _^
LA PARFAITE ' Union" Lodge No. 17. ¦
F. and A. M.-Called meeting FRI- ~£\^
DAY. May 10. 1301. at 8 P- m. First JLX
Degree. By order of the W. M. '
u 6 ' * p. ST. JULLIEN. Secretary.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44, F. and ¦
K M.— Officers and members are re- _**^
Kiiectfullv requested to assemble at the /K.3T
Temple. THIS DAY (FRIDAY), at 11 '^^^
o'clock a m. for the purpose of attending
the funeral of Brother EVAN WILLIAM,
lcte member of Carson Lodge No. 1, Carson,
Vevada. By order of the W. M.
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary.
BAN FRANCISCO Ter.t No. 18. K.
O T. M. —Review THIS (FRIDAY) /JSVWK
EVENING at S o'clock, Pioneer /*#"gt~jS
Hall, 24 Fourth st. Z&£$i3
H. H. CASTLE,
Record Keeper.
INTERNATIONAL Union Stationary En-
ririerrs meets in Welcome Hall. Odd Fellows
buildlnr. FRIDAY NIGHT. Election of of-
ficers and business of importance will come
up for discussion. AH members are requested
to be present. W. T. BONNEY. Sec.
MEETINGS of all master bakers of San Fran-
cisco will be held dally at Shiels building. 32
O'Farrell et.. at 2 p. m. sharp. All master
bakers are urgently requested • to attend.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications. to mine by the hydraulic
process from Charles Lilly and W. E. Emery.
In the Avalanche mine, near Vallicita. Cal-
averas County, to depos't tailings in Grape-
vine Gulch: and from W. J. Cox and F. E.
Kopfv. in the Taylor diggings, near Taylors-
ville. Plumas County, to deposit tailings in
Hinchman Creek, gives notice that a meet-
inp, will be held at room u?. Flood building,
San Francisco, Cal., on May 27, 1901, at
1:3") p. m.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Hutchlnson
Fnpar Plantation Company will be held at
the office of the company. 327 Market et.. San
-Francisco. CaL on TUESDAY, the 14th day
•of Msy. 1901. at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.,
for the purpose of electing a board of dl-.
rectors to serve for the ensuing year and the
transaction of such other business as may
rorne before the meeting. Transfer books
¦will close on Friday, Slay 3. 1901. at 3 o'clock
p. m. K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, IS pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year fjr JL
postage paid.
ADOPTION*^ ¦
GOOD home open for healthy boy and girl ba-
b<*s. MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 8th. Alameda.
AGEXTS AVAXTED.
1 CAN give steady employment to a few active
men and women: srood pay. Apply to JAMES
Y. BEVERIDGE. Fresno, Cal.
ASPHALTLM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. 11SS Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. \V.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market, cor. Stocktn.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery st, S. F.
ADVICE free: no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free : no fees in advance.
BATHS.
RING up LANE. Main 315: he will explain how
to get lovely hot water for baths without ex-
tra expense.
nOARDI>G FOR CHILDREN'.
GERMAN v.-oman would like a child to board.
Call 114 Rairht et.
2 OR Z children to board; yard; best care; $10;
near school. 1607 California St.
BUSIXESS CHAXCES.
A— J1700; ICE cream parlors and cafe, on lead-
ing business street; rent. $Go; first-class pay-
ing establishment; owner compelled by sick-
ness to retire. Particulars, R. G. WILKE.
26>j Kearny Et.
A— SM'O; ICE trc-am parlors and candy store;
choicest location; low rent; monthly receipts
tSSH; value In sight: net profits at least 5150
per month. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V- Kear-
ny £t.
A— $17."0; CORNER grocery and bar; place es-
tablished yes.rs and known as one of the best
paying corner groceries in this city; location
one b!ock from J'larket st. Particulars R.
G. WILKE. K£ Kearny st.
A-J1K.0; RESTAURANT with 7 rooms and
hath; very choicest business location; rent
J3&. Investigate and make an offer: a rare
»nd trood chance. Call R. G. Vi'ILKE, 26^4
Keunjr Et.
A-J^i ; RESTAURANT en Howard st: daily
rereiits J2o; rent $17: good prices- must be
¦ j'.d at once. R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny Bt.
A — T1S0O; SALOON; most whisky trade;
<5Kily receipts about $25; rent $f}; clearine
above 5200 per month; location one door off :
<*Uutat; stock and fixtures Invoice price;
owner to leave for Alaska; offer taken for 3
days. Call It. G. WILKE. L6% Kearny Et.
A— S1OO0; SALOON with 9 rooms, surrounded
by factories, warehouses and lumber yards-
lanre transient trade; rent $40. Call R. G. ,
WILKE. 25'£ Kearny Et.
A— 54000; SALOON on Market Et. ; place estab-
lished many years and doing a large busi-
ness- net rent S133: sickness in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice ; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
AAA— 100 CIGAR stanJs, 200 groceries and
3C0 candy and Iceer^m stores. COO restau-
rants, too ttores of ail kinds: partners wanted.
Parties with J1C0 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES .fc CO.. m Market st.
FOR private >=ale— Some of the best Ealoons In
the city. WALTEU HAYES & CO., S3S
Market st.
J1C00— PARTNER wanted in ulumblny and pas-
fitting business: well-known business. For
TTTrticulars tee McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777Vi
MarVt st. _ J
J12" — BEARDING and lodging house: near city.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777',^ Market et
?4'0— SALOON: north of Market st: bargain.
Mclaughlin & co.. 777^ Market st.
I HAVE bargains in groceries and -bars res-
taurants, bakeries, cpnd'os. cigars, notions.
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE. 73D Mkt
RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
chicken ranches and trenerai ranches for sale
and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 753 Market.
A — WE can sell all kinds of business quick for
cash. STRAND ft KAISER, 2C9 Kearny st.
ESO— BRANCH bakery and delicacy store; re-
ceipts $15 day. STRAND & KAISER. 209
Kearny st.
fSfO— SALOON: rare chance for the right man
to acquire a cood-paylnj buslnes-s; puarantee
?2C0 per month clear of all expenses; cheap
i c nt; 9 furnished rooms; no better location in
tho city. Business Board of Trade. 225 Pine.
FOR sale— A firFt-c-!ass dairy produce and deli-
raciei> More, with branch bakery. In good
location; doiri* a very good business; lnw
r*nt; proprietor going to Europe. "Box 2S06.
Call office.
WANTED — A young man. a hustler, with $3flO.
. for an interest in f. gilt-fd^e business propo-
sit'en: steaGy work; good income. Box 3074,
Call of nee.
Sl'-fl-PARTNERFHIP in first-class, genteel
business for lady. 131 Post st, room 3.
WANTKD — Party to travel for responsible po-
«Ot»on: deposit of J75; interview only*. Box
SC22. Call office. ; '¦,.:.,,,
FOR sale on account of sickness— Good busi-
ness; The Overland chop house and restau-
rant. Lincoln ave.. off broadgauge. Alameda.
FOR Sale— Grtwery and bar: rent' JIG; good
chance for right party. 2S37 Twenty-second st.
FOR sale— Carpenter shop, with tools and stock.
at low price. Call aft;-r 6 p. m.. at 443 Third.
AA— HOC: GRAND opportunity for lady or gent;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, notions.
"Waiting-room. 22d-ave. station. E. Oakland.
A— FOR Sale— A small tailor shop: good loca-
tion: doing gcod business. Inquire at 3312
Sacramento st. , ,
FOR SALE— Grocery store doing good business-
no asent*. ANDREW JACOESEN. 21st and
Folsom «ts.
ECTCHEIl business in country town averag-
ing $63 per day; property will Invoice price.
Address E., C15 Larkin rt.
BEFORE you Invest another cent study the
plan of the American Exploration Co., 1413
Call building. ¦
A GOOD paying delicacy and restaurant at 411
Turk ft. ; no agents. " ¦ , ¦ ..
FOR eale— Branch bakery and notion store. £31
Fourth et: no agents.
BPSINE S S CHANCES — Continued.
$1200— STEAM laundry; long established and do-
ing large and very profitable business. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny Bt. - . -
$850— DOWNTOWN saloon; no night or Sunday
work; daily receipts $10 to $12; rent $42 50.
HORN, SOLOMON & CO.. 30, Kearny st.
$1800— GROCERY, fruit and produce store do-
Ing a business of $45 per day; full value In
sight. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny.
FAKE business propositions not listed by
HORN. SOLQMON & CO.
$500— CANDY store and Ice cream parlors, pay-
Ing over $100 per month profit; fixtures alone
cost more than price asked; this is a genuine
bargain and it will pay to investigate.
HORN. SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
STEAM laundry, new machinery, for sale.
$1400. or owner will sell half Interest to "good
business man for $800; will guarantee $180 to
$300 per month. HORN. SOLOMON & CO.,
' 30 Kearny st "
WHEN you want to sell or buy a paying busi-
ness call on HORN. 'SOLOMON & CO.. 30
. Kearny st; telephone Main 1604.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
lodging-houses for sale.
a7~came^on~&^coC ~"
859 Market St. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 828.
If you have hotel, rooming house or business
to sell list 'with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices.
24 rooms; corner; money maker; reduced.. $1400
18 rooms; cor.; good furniture and carpets. 990
100 rooms; one-half cash, bal. 8 per cent.. 1503
34 rooms; rent $130; elegantly furnished;
paying house; good perm, and trans.... 2650
15 rooms: choice resident part city; ele-
gantly furnished: upright piano; modern; ¦"
% cash; reduced to 1050
S3 rooms; office; clears $100; 2 entrances.. 2000
8-room modern flat; well furnished 450
16 rooms; rent $50t mixed furniture 1000
60 roorifs; 2 entrances; good furniture, car-
pets and location; always full; clears
$150 1 3500
SELECT YOUR KOITSE FROM THE LARG-
EST IjIST IN TOWN.
8 rooms; well fUmtshed; good location.. $200
9 rooms; N. Market St.: worth double.. 800
18 rooms; fine corner; must sell: departure. !)50
4? rooms; corner; down town; select: cash 2000
55 rooms; cheap rent: most desirable 2500
102 rooms; best money maker in citv 5500
118 r. modern house; good cor.; make offer.
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
MARION GRIFFIN By Call Bldg.
719 Market st: monev to loan: tel. Black ISnj.
11 rooms: rent $30: death of owner $300
14 rooms; rent $45; full: paying 700
15 rooms; corner; pay In Installments... 830
62 rooms; one-third cash; rent $135 3230
100 rooms; elevator: offices; Income $1200.. 6300
27 rooms; velvet carpets: oak and cherry;
a very elegantly furnished house.
23 rooms; rent $60; paying i.1000
17 rooms: rent $50; clears $70 mo.; men.. 900
85 rooms; a very central house 360") j
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st. opp. Mason.
48 rooms: north of Market: only $1600
29 rooms; Van Ness: finely furn.; only... 1200
22 rooms: rent $45; bis snap 450
20 rooms; Market; rent $50; apartment 700 |
20 rooms; Eddy: part mortgage: make offer, j
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable 900
If a bargain we have them at any price.
' ATTENTION BUYERS!
Tou may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for It,
in monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market
WINSTON & WOLF
1026 Mnrket st
Jo rooms $7o:H W rooms $1600
10 rooms 3nO|S2 rooms 32f>0
51 rooms 2800 1 27 rooms 2300
18 rooms 800 15 rooms 1200
24 rooms 830 1 IS rooms 1050
LODING-KOUSES. boarding-houses and hotels
•o suit every buyer: this office Is licensed; I ]
am established since 1S92; I loan money to '
buyers; general satisfaction guaranteed. Call '
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. rhone Mint 1911.
Rooms 1, 2. No. 917 Market st, opp. Mascn.
35 ROOMS; rent $80; receipts about $200....$S50
10 rooms; rent ?30; clears ?35 per month.. 650
$300— Lodging-house, 14 rooms; very cheap
rent: water free; pays good profit. HORN,
SOLOMON & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
IS ROOMS; Mission St.; rent $60; price $725.
12 rooms; Ma^on st: rent $45; price $750.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price S1500.
13 rooms on Eddy pt. ; rent $5S; rrlee $550.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE. 28 Sixth st.
JOSEPH BAIHIE, 759 Market St.— A go«>d list of
lodging-houses.
8-ROOM house; all rented: owner leaving city.
Apply 1 to 4 at 229 Golden Gate ave. .
SPiniTUALISSI.
C. E. WHEELER answers sealed questions,
reads flowers; business advice; come and in-
vestigate for the good and truth of my work;
circles every evening this week. 305 Larkin
St., cor. McAllister, roems. 87-8S; admission,
10c; reserved seats, 25c; readings, daily 10 to
4 p. m. ; $1; ladies, 50c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY—
Trance; business medium; life reader; exam-
ines ore; oil locations; medical clairvoyant;
treats, cures sick: cancer removed without
use of knife. 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough; Ellis-
et. car; sit.. SI; letter, $2. Tel. Hyde 2461.
MRS. DR. FARNHAM, the world-renowned
spiritual medium; advice In all affairs In life;
lawsuits, divorces, deaths; unites the separat-
ed; mining a specialty; circles Sun., Wed.,
Fri. eve.; letters answered. Resid. (no signs),
E13 Eddy. bet. Hyde-Larkin ; phone, Hyde 263.
MRS. LOUISE B. DREW, Psychic. Electric
and Magnetic Healer. Room 14, 305 Larkin
ct.; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10 a. m. to 6 p. m.
TEST circle to-night, 10c: readings dally. 50c.
MRS. HUBBARD. 1C3 Oak st.
MRS. DUNHAM. 14 McAllister St.. room 35;
circles to-day. 2 and S p. m.: sittings daily.
MRS. GILLINGHAM will read sealed ques-
tions. Is p. m., 10c. 393 Larkin st; elevator.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance. S p. m., 30c. 10S4 Bush, nr. Leaven worth.
MRS. ANTHONY, medium, 22S% Sixth St.;
ladies, 25 cents; gents, 50 cents.
EARLE, 622 Geary St.. telephone Polk 1297—
Headings daily: seances Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings daily; test to all to-night; 10c.
CHEAPEST and best in Amerfca— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States cr Canada cne year fcr $1,
postage pal<*..
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME, M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at IT Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happf-ninfrs and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable «clvice in nil affairs of life;
2,'c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently Ideated at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet with
special terms. Dally and Sunday.
PROK. MOSS cures -yoft without medicine or
knife; locate" dlsea.se without questions; as
a healer, life-reader, palmist, phrenologist,
medium and teacher lie has no equal In this
country. Located at "t'/i Kearny st.
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never falls; has the greatest
Kgyptlun secret: shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; 25c up; satisfaction to every-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 215V4 Sixth.
MME. VALEEN. 1027% Market st. near 6tli,
palmist and life reader, psychic and mag-
netic healer; cures disease and habits;
teaches how to Influence people and be 6UC-
cebsful in love and financial affairs.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil — second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate; Mmc. Richards, astrological
palmist and reader of human destiny, never
falls; readings, 50c. 8 Hayes st.. nr. Market.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy. . clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market op.
6lh; private readings daily. 10 a. m. to 5. p. m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 23c up. 472Stevenson st. cor. Cth.
MME. ZEREDA. .the gypsy; palmist; card
reader: 25c up; leaves May 20. 7 Seventh st.
MRS. MALLORY, clairvoyant, card reader;
when others fail consult me; 25c. 917 Howard.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladles
25c; gents 50c. 122 Sixth st.
Burnett; readings, business, marriage, trouble,
f one of world's greatest mediums. 13S2 Market.
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clalrvoyantwater
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. SCIIAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 418'^ Jessie st, bet Eth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
. palmistry: truth or no pay; 25c. .1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
, CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chll-
hlalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~chargTun^
less successful. Roam 310, »27 Market stHOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Lieut R J* Gardner, U
S A
Mrs Gardner, Cal
Mrs J W Kavanagh,
Cal
W Pierce, Sulsun .
A' Brown, Sulsun
CiS Fay, Berkeley
J ! Boyle, Cal
J D Tobin, St Louis .
G Clement & w, | Sacto
HS Brown, -San Jose
H B Shackelford, Cal
F Musll, Austria
Miss G D Sexton, NY
R G White, Spokane "
R B White, Spokane
JF Soule, . Spokane
Mrs D Zook & son, 111
E B Knox, Arizona
Mrs W R Hudson. R I
M P Halloran, w & v ch,
Chicago . ' 1 .' .
W J Nelson, Mojave.
Dr W Johnson, Mo .
T M Morgan, . Spokane
H L Smith. Cal •
Mrs J W Benson &
eon, Ouray, Colo
Mrs A W Richardson,
• Ouray, Colo
R W Hastings & w,
Ouray, Colo .
G W Crystal & w, Cal
A C Elsen, Fresno
Dr W W Fitzgerald,
Stockton
Capt Wilcoxson, U S V
W P Screws, .U S V •
E O Perkins, U S V
E T Mainhart. Cal
W Willes & w, Nev
F D -Wetherbee, Bostn
Dr P C Alexander, Cal
D L. Smith, Cal •
H Bradt. Los Ang
G E Bitterlln & w, Cal
EM Burgoyne, L Ang
A M Cowen, Louisville
N F Henderson, Cal
E D Suits, S Monica •
W THokc, S Barbara
Miss R R Galvin. Sact
L R Foucher, Merced
J W Foucher, Merced
E A Corbln & w, Pa
T Elliott, Sacto
F S Goodwin & w, NY
O Scrlbner. Bakersfield
Dr F W Carpenter &
w, Eureka
P Rapan. Eureka
H L Wrinkle & w. Cal
Mrs W Shaw, Sacto
Miss M Shaw. Sacto
S P Poland, San Jose
S C Bowman, Colusa
L R Prince, Boston
F H Depeudeuer. Cal
R E Lozanro. Auburn
J U Bingham, Portlnd
W A Reed, U S. V
H M Reed, Reedly
Mrs H G Morse. N Y
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs W J Morrison,
Oakland
H C Marmon & w, Ind
C P Braslan. San Joee
Mrs I N Peyton, Seatt
Maud I Smith, St Paul
A Cota. Santa Barbara
H Stephens, Cincinnati
E S Thompson & w.'NY
S H Westfall, Redlnds
N Longworth. Ohio
J B McCune & w, Bstn
C Hutchlns, Boston.
J McMillan & w, Mich
Miss McMillan, Mich
W C McMillan & w,
Mich
J F Edwards, Los Ang
C P Beadleston. N Y
R Beadleston, N Y
Miss Raeder, Norway
Miss Perkins, Mass
Mrs E W Perkins,
Boston
E A Corbln & w, Phlla
Mrs J W Davis, N T
Miss E Davis, N T
J P Meyer, St Louis
W R Crabtree &^w,
Chattanooga
H W Clum, Wash. D C
C W de Knight, ¦Wash,
DC
A R Smith, NT".
H W Strowbridge & w,
Ohio
W N McBlrd, Denver
J F Parks, Jackson
F Searles, Nev City
Mrs WH Beadleson,
N-T
Miss Beadleson. N T
K M Lunberg, P Loma
W R Nash & w. Chcgo
Miss Mary ¦ Morrison,
Boston
Miss D Forte, Boston
T M I.utkes, N Y
E S Ives. Ariz -
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
T Neuzcht, Boston
Mrs J Uruce, fam, B C
N Drake, Wisconsin
E Land, Wisconsin
G R Pheneger, Ohio
S P Shanaberger, Ind
A Turs, N Y
J H Keppel, Cal
B F Weade. N Zealand
C Cooper, Portland
1 \j Walters, Los Ang
Miss E L-indhand. Cal
Miss A Hoefferle, Cal
W S/Johnson, Kans
L G Carson, Chicago
W Brasfleld, Miss
Miss M Smith, N T
F H Stough. Chicago
E E Kelso, Mo
THE SAN FEANCISGO CALL, FRIDAY; MAY 10, 1901. '
13
H. F. Suhr & . Co.. 1137 Mission ' street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
HUSCH— In Novato, May 7, 1901. Mrs. Anna M.
¦C. Kusch. widow of the late Peter. Rusch, and
beloved aunt of Johannes and William Braun,
a native of Kaoteln-by-Schleswig, aged 78
years 1 month and 8 days.
CT Funeral will -be held to-morrow . (Satur-
day), , at 11 o'clock, from her late residence
at Novato.
SCHEMMEL— In AJameda. May 6, 1901, Mrs.
Augustine Schemmel, beloved wife of Edourd
Schemmel, a native of Paris, France, aged
£6 years 5 months and 8 days.
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
« fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from St. Joseph's
Church, Alameda. Take 9:15 o'clock narrow-
gauge from San ¦ Francisco to Chestnut-street
station. • . Please omit : flowers. Interment
- Mountain View Cemetery.
SCHWER— In this city, May 7, 1901, Charles
Schwer, a native of Austria, aged 41 years 3
months and 4 days.
K7"Frienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), , at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. 27 and 29 Fifth
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SHIELS— In- Berkeley, May 8. 1901, Georgian
Kate • Shiels, beloved wife of William Lym-
ham Shiels, a native of London, England,
aged 33 years 10 months and 10 days. (Brit-
ish papers please copy.)
E7"Funeral services to-morrow (Saturday),
at 2 o'clock, at the chapel of the I. O. O. F.
Crematory, San Francisco; private.
WILLIAMS— In this " city, May 7, 1901, Evan
Williams, beloved husband of Dora Williams,
and father of Enid and Evan Williams Jr.,
a native of Pennsylvania, aged 57 years 2
months and 24 days. (Nevada papers please
copy.)
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 11 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Mount Moriah Lodge
No. 44, F. and A. M. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery, Oakland. . ~
PHYSICIANS AXD SCRGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O'DOXNELL— Office and residence.
1C21 Market ex., I between 'Sixth andJ Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
PICNIC SUPPLIES
ON your way to picnic or ferry call on MOHNS
<t MOHNS. 2* Market Et.. for finest wines and
liquors: hifTfrest house: open Sundays. . " ¦¦.- •:-•..'
PILES- _„_„
NEARLY 1000 permanent cures here In your
midst; many who have suffered 20 to 30-
years; over fifty names or prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
surgery or delay from business, and no
salves for sale. Particulars, address Physl-
clan. box 1950. Call office. S. F.. Cal.
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— Income property south of Market;
SXOO to r.0.000. Box 3665. Call office.
REAL ESTATE CITY FOR SALE.
J5200 'AND up; only 3 left; 7 sold up to date;
well built and complete in every detail; con-
tains 10 finished rooms; all sunny and hand-
somely decorated; choice locality: city and
marine view; 1518 Masonic ave., 1 block south
of Frederick st. : se>? them before going else-
v.here. C. ZWIERLEIN. builder.
TRITOTHISTELETON. 272 Sadowa et.. Ocean
View— By electric cars, 5c; level lot $100 up;
cottage ?800 up; chicken ranch and large lot,
hothouse, barn and small cottage 5600; cheap-
est bargain in S. F. g
$3300— HOUSE of 2 flats; bay-windows and
bath; 5 and € rooms; lot 26xS5. 4059 Nine-
teenth St.. near Castro.
FOR sale— Well-constructed, modern residence,
8 rooms and bath. In a desirable location
near park: reasonable terms. 6G0 Mission st.
FOR sale cheap, to be removed— Fine 3-story
bay-windowed residence. 332 Geary st.
BARGAIN— That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole st. : open daily.
IF you have lots to sell north of the Park,
then call on W. J. CUNN. 530 California st.
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
164 ACRES, tedlmeiit soil; fine for raising
6ee<2s, berries and vegetables; Improvements
worth $$K300; will sell In 10 acres subdivided,
at $175 per acre: $19,500; part cash, balance at
6 oer cent interest per annum.
57 acres, near Alma: house 'of 16 rooms; large
barn'; plenty water; 15 acres" In orchard, some
full bearing: J4000; terms to suit.
37 l ,4 acres in 6-year-old orchard; $110 per acre;
250 acres at $47 CO per acre. C. C. SMITH.
¦ C30 Market gt.. San Francisco.
CHEAP little home close to depot, in Alameda
County; fruits, flowers, nice cottage; well
furnished: all for $1330; terms $700 cash, bal-
ance long lime; 6 per cent Interest. II. II.
CRANE. DOS California st.
BUY in Napa County; no droughts, no irrlea-
. tion. no failure of crops; write us for free
copy '"Xapa County Vitlculturist." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St.. Helena. Cal.
ONLY $10 per acre — 320 acres on the Alameda
Oreek." Alameda County; pood house, 9 rooms.
2 large barns; fenced; good stock and hog
ranch; no waste land; a genuine bargain.
H. H. CRANE. 5CS California st.
MARION GRIFFIN, Real Estate Agent. 71U
Market St.. by Gall bldg. — Free circulars de-
scribing farms for sale all over this .State.
SEE this— Fine stock ranch and general farm,
near R. R. and 25 miles from Oakland, very
cheap; COO acres: well watered; fine Improve-
ments; a lovely home: photos this office. H.
H. CRANE. 50S California st.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
WRITE J. XV. HORN. 812 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
ROSS VALLEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE — In Ross Valley, 7 minutes' walk
frcm San Anselmo station, an attractive
home, having 10 rooms and bath; lot 50x200:
well cultivated. For particulars Inquire of
J. I. TAYLOR. 404 Sansorne st.
$100 — LOTS In Ucss Valley, near San Anselmo
station: 2.*xl60. Apply 976 Jackson St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
PROPERTY, of Two Estates; . Immense Dar-
gaint.
Must lie Sold. . .
150x207 feet, with improvements, on Santa
Clara ave.
Four lots, 50x207:6 fee* on Santa Clara ave., |
near Park St.; offer wanted.
E. D.--.HJDD COMPANY.
1421 Park Bt.. Alameda,
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.. -
T2000— $100 CASH, bal. $20 per month; see these
new 5 and 6 room cottaees at Golden Gate,
Ashby station: porcelain bath, tiled sink,
stationary tubs, high basemen, fine mantel,
fine gas fixtures; only 1 block to Berkeley
local and electric cars. W. C. MORAN &. CO.
WHEELER Tract lots; finest view in Berke-
ley. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$150— ACRE lots. W. C. MORAN & CO.. Lorln
station, and Schmidt block, Berkeley, Cal.
$1750 — HOUSE of 5 rooms and b»th; large lot;
streetcars rass the property; for cash or In-
stallments" Apply to JOS. J. MASON, Berke-
ley station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
SNAP on Telegraph ave.; choicest lot In Oak-
land for fine fiats for immediate lmp'rove-
rnent; will be business property very soon.
GEO. XV. AUSTIN & CO..
100S Broadway, Oakland.
|1500— XEAT cottage home In West Oakland: 6
rooms; right near local train; easy payments;
Investigate at once; sunny side.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO.,
' * 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$2750— PRETTY Eastlake cottage, 6 rooms and
bath; modern plumbing; fine barn; lot 50x140;
near San Pablo ave. ; a regular snap.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
IOCS Broadway. Oakland.
FOR SALE. ~
Lot 60x160. on Thirteenth ave.. East Oak-
I land; street work done; good drainage; elec-
tric cars pass lot; five minutes' walk from
Brooklyn sta. ; cheap for cash. 621 East 15th
et., East Oakland, any day but Sunday.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
ELLIS. 639, corner Larkln— Large, sunny bay-
window; wooden mantel; use of kitchen.
FOLSOM, 525— Sunny suite furnished front
r^oms; light housekeeping; $2 25 weekly.
NEW Auburn House, 334 Third st— Housekeep-
ing rooms for family: also single rooms for
gentlemen: reasonable prices; references.
SECOND, 212— Well furnished for hskDg. or
lodgings; neat, clean and respectable; reas.
TWELFTH, 120—2 nicely furnished front house-
keeping rooms; private family; select locality.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Flllmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET- — Fnrn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals 25c: free coach. I
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
2T,c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $3 per week, and
light- housekeeping rooms; open all night.
BURNETT. 1426 Market <old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
CHESTNUT, 293, North Beach— 2 or more fur-
nished rooms for housekeeping purposes; fine
. view and sun; quiet neighborhood.
CLEMENTINA. 715V4, bet. 8th & 9th— Sunny
furnlEhed room for one or two gentlemen.
CLIFFORD 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny St.—
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FIFTH 2C4— Sunny front bay-window .room;
bath; 'rent $8; also 1. $6 SO.
$1 WEEK; large sunny furnished room, closet,
bath; private; call by S p. m. 834 Folsom st.
FOURTH, 157— A large sunny front room for
rent^ ' •
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
nnd Mission sts:— Sunny rooms, en f<ulte or
Pingle; ladies' parlor; reading-room; elevator.
HOTEL Hollenbeck, Ml" Geary fit., cor. Taylor-
Sunny suites and Blngle. with board.
HOWARD,- 1703— Sunny furnished front single
room; private family.
LARKIN, CIO— Two furnished rooms to let.
•vBAIlWAY TRAVEL
m Just a tittle better j
§ Ihananif other tram \
jjj —a tittle better service— j
P a more homelike £
h feeling on the £
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
H - than you find elsewhere. p
£¦ and it runs like this |
1 .LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO £}
I 9 an Mon Tues Wad Thur Fri Sat Sun B
i ARRIVES CHICAGO fj
1 2.1 S pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Mon Tues Wed q
I 75 HOURS TO CHICAGO I
I ON THE J|
I SANTA FE j
SOUTHERN PACIFIC-
Train* !«»«• a»u«l »r» «!«••> »o mrrlv* »•
NAN rKANVIN««.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leatk — From May S, 1901. - arbit«
7:3(1*. Benida. Sulsun, Elmira. Vat»iffle.
Ramsey and aacr»m«nto. ......... 7:33r
7:30a Datls, Woodland. Knights Lacalng. '
MarysTille. Oro»iilo.. ' 7:S3p
7:»Oa A tlantic Kxpresa— Ogdeu and Fast 12:23p
7:30a Port touts, Martinez. Fresno, Haa- . ¦" - '< x
ford. ViaaJis, PorterilOe 1:33*
8:O«A JIa.rti.iei, .San IUhmiii, Vallejo. Napa,
Cali* toga and Santa Rosa « :23r
8:00a Kiles,Pleasaoton, LiTermore, Stock*
ton. Fresno, Hanford, Visalla,
PorterriUe ":35»
8:20a Shaata Express— DaTia, Willi- ma (for
Bartlett Bprisgs}. Will. m, Ked
Blufl. Portland. 7:33»
•iSOa Sum Jose, LlTermore, Htockton. . ,
lone. Sacramfiitr). Pla .eiTille. /
MurjuTille, Chlco, 1?m1«..»« 4»23f
8:30a Oakdale. Chinese (Ycseaiite). Ho-
' nora. Carter* -»:25*
S:OOa Haynar<l9, Nilrs »nd Way .Stations. I 1:33a
' «:O»a Los Angeles Express — Martlneit. *
Tracy, Latiirop. el oukton, Merceu
Freano anil Lea Angeles 7:25?
O::i« A Vallrjo. Martlua* ami Way Stations S:33p
lO:«UATh«O«crlandiJuiii«4— Ogdou, Don- _ __ •
Ter, Omaha. Chicago 6«33r
fl:OOr Sacramento Klier Steamer* t 3 ' 00 *
8:3l>p HaywartU, Nile* »nd Way 8UHon». 7;S3r
•liUUr Ueuicia. Winters, Saoranrauto.
Woodland. Knikhta Landlug.
' ¦ M iryn.ille, OroTllle „ 10:33a
4iVttr Martinez. Kuii lUiuon. Vallejo.
NaiKi. (MliatoKB. Sunk* Ko« »«3:*a
4»00r Nlles, LiTermore, Stockton. Lodi... IO.53a
4>aoirHiyw4jda. Miles 8aiiJose,LiT«rmor9 t8 :!>5 A
3:OWr The Owl Limited— Tracy. Stockton.
Fresno. Bakerstteld. Haugtm for-
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles 8:394
- 5:00p New Orleans Express— Bakersfleld.
Los Angeles. laming, El Paso,
••-. '¦"¦» New Orleans and East 7:35a
5:0<»p Yosemito 7:o3.\
B:«M»r Uajnarda, Miles and San Jose 7:334
t«:O«»i- ValleJ " •:»**.
OiOOp Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne.
Omaha, Chicago 12:23?
6:00p Oriental -Mail— Ogden, Denter,
Omaba, Chicago. 4:23p
7:OOrOr«K<><> and California I:»i>i«xh, m«o-
mwiimtni. IVIaryaiilltt. KeiMliiK.
Portland. Tiiget Mound and Kast 8*»» A
8:«3pSan Psblo, Port Coata, Martiaez
and Way Htatious 11:53*
tS:05p Vallrjo 7;5^>
COAST LJNE (Narrow Uauge).
' .: * ' "/•. .: '. i ¦ (Foot «' Mnrket Street.)
17 j »1a Santa Cruz Excurs-on to danta Ciuz
and Princrpil Way Sutions tS ! <> s »
8sI3a Newark. CentBr»Ille,.Saii.los«, Felton,
lloulderCii.-ek.SantaUruxamlWay
BUtloiis 3s3i»»
13tlSp Newark, CenteiTllle, San Jose, Nhw
Alinadon, Keltun, Ilimliler ('reek,
Sauta Ciuz autl 1'rinclpal Way
Sutioiis t«»s'"»«»*
4il3r Newark, 8au Jose. Los Gatoa -| »i JJij"
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
ttm sii rBiicisco-rut *r uut.t sut*t <sii» 8>—
t7:15 9:00 ll:00*.U. 1:03 3:03 5:tfr.*.
fromOlIUIB— fttl ttituimtj.— tfl:00 Ja.00 t3:0f
10:00 i.M. 13:03 8:03 «:03 r.u.
COAST LiIXE (Uroa.l «mige).
(Third nnd Townsend SU)
«: I «A San Joso and Way Stations. «::u»p
f7:OOA San Jose and Way Stations......... lia»p
J7:U0a Sunday Excnnion for San Jcce.
BanU Cruz. Pacific GroTe and
Principal Way Sutions JS:30p
SiOOa han Jose, Tres Pinos. 8anU Crux. >
Pacific GroTe, Salinas. San Lnia
Obispo aud Principal ;;itenoedi»t9
Stntlnns. :.-. 4:lOp
IOiKOa San Jose and Way Stations..... 7>3op
/I»:3iia New Alinaden /5:SO*
I liSttA Uan .lose and Way Stations ........ 3i3»P
t2:<l3pSan Mateo, lUdwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Santa Clara. San Joss.
Tres Pinoa. 8a..U Unix, Salinas.
MontereT and 1'aciHc GroTe 110:43*.
*:»Op San Jose aud Way .Stations «:3»A
f4: 1 He Sail Jone'aiid Principal Way Stations «:43a
t3:00pSan Jose. Los Gates and Principal
Way Stations..." 1»:004
StSOp .San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:35a
OiOOr Bedwood, San Jose. Gllroy. Salinas, ' _¦
tianta Barbara. Los Angeles 10:03a
•:0wP Del Monte, Monterey, Pacific GtOTe,
Lompoo...; 1 •«•«»*
fl:.1Op San Jose and Way Stations t*s°°*
qlli43p3an Jose and Way Stations 7:30>
A for Moraine. P for Afternoon,
t Sunday eieepted. t Sunday only,
a Saturday only. /Tuesdays and Friday*.
___ . . .
CALIFOMIU HORTHWESTEM RL CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND .NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot of Market S*.
San Francisco to San . Rafa«L
WEEK DATS-7:30. 9:00. 11:00 «.'m.; 12:33.
::30. 5:10. 8:30 p. m. Tharsdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:54
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. U:00 a. m.: 1:30. *:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
Sam Rafael f 9mm Fpaaei««sfc
WEEK DATS-6:10. 7:50. 9:20, ,11:10 •• »•! "-fe
8:40. 5:13 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1.53
STjNDAfs^:l6?*9:40. 11:10 a. m.: "l:«.- a:40.
BetWe'er? S P an m Frandsco and - Schaetzen v P«k
tame schedule a» above.
Leave J In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. (April 28. 1901-1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I ,-' I Sun- I Week
Dayg. I daya. { Destination. 1 days. | Pays.
7-30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 an
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma. «:0o pm 10:K arn
B^lOtpm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor.. .»-— 10:25 am
••*"**" 5 . 00 pm Healdsburj. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Oeyservllle.
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 8:20 pm
7-30 am! 6:00 pral Hopland 110:40 am 10:25 am
tiSQpml 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7.30 ami j " • 10:4ft am 10:23 am
f 8:00 amf Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm] 5:00 pm) * :5 ° pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma >:15 am 8:40 am
and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 8:05 pm 6:20 pm
• 7-30 ami 8:00 ami |W:4O am|10:25 am
8:30 pmf 5:00 pmf Sebastopol I 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
for Altruria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: a*.
GeyservJlle for SkajCE* Springs: at Cloverdale
for the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Sprlngrs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Car!9-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
• Fprinss; at Uklah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Spring. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
i- John Day's, Riverside. Lier!ey"s, BucKnelU.
! Sanhedrin HeiRhts. Hullvllle. Orr-3 Hot
, Springs. Mendocino City, Fort Brags. West-
port. Usal. Wllllts. Laytonvllle. Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Oteen's.. Dyer, scotla
I and Eureka.
1 Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
- duced rates.
1 On Sunday round trip tickets to all points
- beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Of flee— 650 Market Street. Chronlcla
Buildlns.^^
H. C WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
¦ Gen. Manager. I Gen. Pass. Ast.
I • ; : : — — -
I MOUNT .TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
. ; VU S»w»llt» Ferry— Foet or Market 3t!
; i i'i%$ ?.l - WEEK. DAYS J sisfp £*
; 8K)0a. M.1 f 12.1S f. m.
; '¦ 9«0a. M. 1:15 p. m.
:-i 2Si-ilj--v>^? \ SSS
; 130 p. m. ¦ s^o ?- m.
i 2*»P.M.I - l-7:10F.M.
I - t m sta rrmoeiwso to Sitsnntt »n<l Rrtnrn. 11.40
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St..& Sausalito Fen-f.
MISICAL IVSTRCMEXTS.
>t.^ ¦uprlchts lowest prices and easiest terms.
I Novella Wt'l Chickerines (like
v Heine hany irrand new) j;(ig
'.!ike new) ?22f. i Helnes ;si5 up
. Steinway $1SE 1 Hallet-Davis $465
/.r.d flfty others; rents $2 up allowed on pur-
-«-»«*. We handle all makes. Agents for some
.." the cMwt and most famous pianos in ex-
-tenee. tnc!udinc Hallet-Davis. indorsed by all
".* greatest masters; o\-er 50,000 in use In most
f-xrlusive homes. Heine Piano Co.. 217 Geary.
A I.I. pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY
ft CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
i:pr?g-ht or baby errand rtano any time within
' years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New Upright pianos. $S per
month: pome pood pianos sold for $3. J4 and
15 per month. SHKHMAN". CLAY & CO..
Ftelr.way dealers, corner Ktarny and Sutter,
fte.. fan Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
REMOVAL cf KEEFFE'S piano Btore from
MarkPt st. to our larpe aruj elejrant quarters.
314 Post st., opposite Union square. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes end all
of our nld Mock at sreatly reduced prices.
JAS. KEEFFE. 314 Post st.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
AT BYRON MACZVS. 30S POST ST.
You are invited to call and hear the Pe»r-
Uf-r electric self-playingr piano attachment:
can be put In any nicuc; also to Inspect our
pieno factory and see how a piano is made.
Agent Sohmer. Byron Mauzy, Gaoler. Ham-
ilton, Epieim&nn planes.
*BSOLTJTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 28.
rs tnd SO O'FsrrcIl St.; pianos, organs and
nil other musical instruments or all grades I
Hnd prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
A LIST of fine second-hand bargains— 1 Emer-
ron. 1 HaMet & Davis. 1 Conover. 1 Curtaz, 1
J75. $125, S145. etc.; easy payments.
BEXJ. OURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farr*ll fit.
Ohiokorlnc. Vose. Sterling Agency: also
__Apo!lo, kin*r of self-players.
FROM now until Jur.e 1 we will have a penu-
ine cash clearance sale of planes. Customers
rrvTi pet the best barg-ains in the city from us
rfnrtrie this *?.!*». The ZENO MAUVAIS
MI'PIC CO.. 7B3 Market st. . j
HAVE snld l niano: have another excellent up-
rtcht at bis bargain. J. H. Kllgo, 816 Mission.
;lmWTO pianos the moi-t popular. WILEY B.
AI.LEN CO.. Feneral agents, 933 Market St.
K^R Fale — Piiver-plated Boston cornet cheap.
C!> Twer.ty-eiPhth £t. i
GOINO. to Nome— Must sacrifice elegant 3-tw>dal :
upright piano. 219 Leavenworth St.. nr. Eddy.
A.- ««¦•¦¦ I'VTCiGHT prand. new. for almost ,
'->''. ::6 MrAHIrtw st.
}-'• \NT<~H & BACH r>ianos. musicians' delight.
fnim srrertcv BRUENN. IPS Pret st.
• >t: "r? trmrxb l»i»U a b*a»»tl*«il piano. SCOTT-
rTTtTAZ riAXO CO.. r,CO Hayes st.
}'.¦>'— MAHOGANY '•ase Fischer upright. 217
•"Vnry St.. room SS.
A FMALI. Chlrkerine unrierht. flir.; 6 unrights.
f^ond-hardod: your choice at J110. 217 Geary.
f. TPHTGT1T firs Knahe. $133 Kfinway &
Per*, at FAT*S piano factory. 1729 Mission.
AT CnTJ5OK*JI Storage. 17«6 Mark-t St.. you
<-!»?i ret Ftnrarf pianos alir.i^t for a song.
B1OCFST barcain tn Fisher upright piano;
nearly new: mu?t be soid. 301 Jones st.
H s pr; * TX— Must bo s<Md: nice upright piano.
FCHMITZ. IS McAllister. r.e*t ITiberr.ia Bank.
Fl violins, zithers. oM and new. il7
MTTLJ.KR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
A WFKK'S news for 5 rents— The Weekly Call.
OFFICES AND STORKS TO LET.
TO rcr.t cr lease — Second floor. 620 Market ft.,
o;>pr*=it<> Palnce Hotel: Al business location.
Applv to GEO. H. COVERT. C23 Market st.
OVFTEB stand to let. C3G Third st.
TO let— Small store and two ropms at 217
Eleventh Ft., near Howard.
BAKERY ¦with oven: 4 living rooms; good loca-
tion. Apply 1009 Guerrero St.
SANSOME. «W— Larce. handsome store; re-
duced to $S per month.
UGBT. sunny office* Sib to JM. Emma Spreck-
OIL.
COSTA Rica. 10 cents per share, will make you
rich: you cannot lose your money; stock guar-
anteed by S. F. real estate bonds, certified to
by Cal. Safe Deposit and Trust Co. ; senJ for
prospectus. Pacific States Mining and Invest-
ment Co.. 226 Post st.
•THE W. R. THOMAS CO.— Oil lands in «he
toert <!iFtrlct»: Investigate: Fearless OH and
¦\Vater Co.: n good investment: water trans- j
prrtction. 4C9 Examiner big.. 4C4 ?th. Oakland.
icen SHARES Lincoln oil stock, .now selling at
company's office for (1 per share, will be
sold for SO cents per share. Box 3614. Call.
OIL lands in the heart of Coalinga district.
II 25 rer acre. AMERICAN EXPLORATION
CO.. 1512 Call building.
LTVE organizers can secure oil lands without
cash. Call "NOXV." 3€ Geary St.. room <":
OIL tanks, second -fcwnd. in good order; a^l
ctyo«- rbf>«r> K P. WTiTTF. Mfi M ! «dni *t.
OIL LAXDS.
OIL lands for sale or lease in all parts of the
State. AVe can furnish you with lands In the
h**t localities. If you are looking for lands
¦x wish to invest in stock* of the leading oil
'•o-nranles oall on us before going elsewhere.
'-'^A & PETERSON. 301 Examiner building.
PAINTERS AXD DECORATOHS.
V> AM. r-ai'er. window shade*: rooms papered,
St »n. .TfnsTi ft Hath. 3"K SKth: oner, even.
PALMISTRT.
i7"TKKOME^FOSSEL^l. BCientiflc palmist. Eli
Taylor et.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
MME. OEUIIAINE. the business palmist of the
Facific Coa«t. 90C Market Et.
Mr« Lsmb.seientific palmist and character read-
<ng; I*s?™s in class and private. 204 Ellis, r. 18.
PARTNERS WANTED.
pitMBER wanted for partner; one who can
on new and old work. Call at 2T.8
Third st.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
OFO r>. r-AMPPFTX. Lwwyer. Kxaminerjilg^
PERSONALS.
A ICEW*"and harmless discovery, a. simple clay,
•which will turn white hair black, brown.
• unbnm cr red, and blonde hair a rich golden.
In from four to twelve hours, according to
shade required. DR. FRANCIS C. 6HER-
MA.V. *0< Sutter s.t.
A_IF vour hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 4SS Geary st.. and you
¦will not i>e disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of they world: call or send for circular.
AFFLICTED come, we will locate your disease
free, without asking questions, looking at
tongue or feeling of pulse; tell you how to get
well -without knife, drugs or worthless instru-
ments- • scientific method of treatment. Nervo-
Pathic Co.. 1382 Market, opp. L O. O. F. Hall.
MfDOLE-AGED Protestant lady, unencum-
bered, with means, desires lady similarly sit-
uated as roommate; reference* exchanged.
Hox 3C04, Call.
A WOMAN on exhibition, old and wrinkled on
ctip side of face, the other made smooth and
youthful: hundreds are astonished. New York
institute Dermatology. 105 Ellis st. San Fran.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home; $5; valuable information for »q"pr.
mr.rnhine. ODlum. all drug habits. MRb.
WILLIAMS. 1839 Polk St.. San Francisco.
tl WKEKLT-Suits 'to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress ruits $20 up; e«;
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 111.
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third et.. near Market: .00 room*.
Se to Jl DO per night; fl K> to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from tne terry.
LA DIBS' and gents' shampooing, manicuring
an<i hairdressing; also expert «"«*??«« }F**l~
mf r.t. The Superior, suite 69. 14 McAllister.
_^_O.. i;il)-isi2 Stockton ft., near Broadway.
BCHOOlTto learn halrdressing. hair work, man-
icuring; private lessons or class. MISS A. v.
DOYLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van Ness.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
.-rearti' *xr»riencc. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
riANO & rurniture polishing: at your borne
KcbeapAlBI Elm av.. rtr. Scott;tel.Stelner 4603.
I'r. Harriett Welch ?1I5 Bush; hours 2 to S. ex-
ccpt Th. an<i Sat.; electrolysis; 17 years' exper.
EPRIICG Ftylea Standard patterns now ready.
"Demestlc" office, 1021 Market gt.. nr. Sixth.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JEN'KEL. £17 Market st.
I-Hiieg' and gents' enst-oft clothing bought and
fold. J. Rilverman, SS* Folsom ;tei.Fol8om 1191.
C. T.AXDECKER 20 Mont'gy— Watches cleaned
o;id repaired, no iYiatterwhat'»broken.$l;guar.
ALFREDIMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray,
fetudr.to its natural color; SI; at all druggists.
MAFQI-ERADE costumes., play booka. wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO... 733 Mkt. |
fifPERFLUOT.-S hPlr and moles destroyed with
flectrlc needle. MISS EATON. 1113 Sutter fct.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; nil druggists.
OCEAN TRAVEL .5
Pacific Coast Co.
C V^j^ GOLDFIELDS.
. . • THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PUEBLA
Will Sail
From San Francisco May 26
Connecting at Seattle with the Company's New
and Splendid Steamship
SENATOR
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE MAY 30th.
The Senator made five trips to Nome la*t
year, being one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passengers and freight without
loss, mishap or material delay.
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE.
4 New Montgomery street
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market street
NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY.
FOR ' r
NOME, ST. MICHAEL
And All Points on Yukon River.
Sailing Dates Subject to Change.
From San Francisco. ': • From Seattle.
May 25... ....S. S. "PORTLAND
June 1 .-.S. S. "ST. PAUL" June 8
May 25 ....«S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...June 10
•"CONEMAUGH" carries freight and live
stock. No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and other par-
ticulars apply to
. NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansome st, San Francisco.
3 Passenger and Freight Str. H
I "JOHN S. KIMBALL." O
I TELLER. GOLOFNIN BAY, PORT CLARENCE I
| . SAILS MAY 25th. R
§ ' CONKLIN & CO.. 667 Market St. Q
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE .VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
stre-et Wharf, 12 m.
GUATEMALA .MaylSILOA June 12
PALENA .......May 301 TUCAPEL June 27
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and South American passenger service. (No
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
passenger office. 316 California street
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO., Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, sss— -¦
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, »105; Steerae-. . #4O.
8. S. Argyll sails Sunday, May 12
S. S. Leclanavv sails Monday, June 3
S. S. Argyll sails Monday, June 2-i
From Fremont-street Wharf at 2 p. m. v
Freight and passenger office, 330 Market st
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND B.IVER STEAMERS.
FOR 0. S. HAVY YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello."
MON., TUES.. WED.. THURS." AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m., 3:15, 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p. m. and 8:30: Sundays,
10:30 a. m., 8 p. m. Landing and office, Mis-
sion-st. Dock. Pier No. 3. Telephone Main 1508.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally. Daily. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p l:17.p 1:15 a
" Fresno ... 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford . 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
" Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:03 a
" Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan City. .." 2:41a 7:30 a
•• Chicago' ¦ 2:15 p 9:00 p
a for morning.- p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited.
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class
tickets aro honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:53 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. ro.,is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily.
8:CO p. m. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers ¦ and
free Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p.,m. dally.
7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
1 at all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. daily.
Offices — 641 Market street and in " Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway,
Oakland.
ARE YOU e T BUFFALO?
THE—
Groat Wabash R.R.
HAVE
A FIRST-CUSS TRAINS A
"I From the West Direct JL,
To BUFFALO and
EASTERN POINTS WITHOUT CHANGE.
Ask Tour Agent About the
WABASH.
C. S. .CRANE. O. P. A., :
St Louis, Mo.
BOSS C. CLINE, P. C. P. A..
- Lob Anseles. Cal.
. _ _
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry."
Commencing April 23. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO; MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAKL.
WEEK DATS— «:55. 8:30. »9:30." 11:00 a. m..
12:45. *1:45. 3:J5. 4:15, 5:15. '6:15.. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill i. Valley and San'
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. *9:0O. •10:00, 11:00. 11:30
am.. 12:45. 'l^O. 2:30. »3:45. 5:00. 6:00,7:30 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael Sun-
days. -.• = '"¦
Trains marked (•) run to San.Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO..
WEEK DATS— »3:25. 6:27. 7:47, 8:35. 10:1^
a. m.. *12:25. 1:15. 2:20, »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, •8:00. 9:45. 'l^OO a. m., »12
m., 1:00. 2:15, 'StfO, 4:30, »5:45, 6:45. 7:30. 10:11)
P- Tralns marked (•) start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45.. 7:55.. 8:55. 10:30
a m, 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50, 5:10.;5:20 p.. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p.m.
SUNDAYS-6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a: m.. 12:15.
1-20 2-30 S:45. 5:00. 6:15, 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
' . THROUGH TRAINS., - :
6:55 a.* m. , week days— Cazadero and way sta-
3:15 p. m. Saturdaysj^azadero and way sta-
tions. - . '*' '"'"..¦'•¦ ¦
5:15 p. m. week days " (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
¦.8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
• 10:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way
¦tatloM. -
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAK.W ST. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of 1'rivato
Di.iea.ses. Lost Manhood. : Debility or
disease wearingon body anil mind and.
Skin Diseases. The Doctorcureswlien .
others fall. Try him. I'harges low.
Carp* jruarsmteed. Call or write.
I>r. Jf. I". GIBBON, san Francisco. CaL ' '__ • '
ROOMS TO LET — -Fnrn. nnd Cnlnrn.
LARKIN, S07— Large sunny front and back
room, ?S and »10; small back room, $4. ¦ ,
LEAVENWORTH. 2007— Large sunny front
room, furnished: grand marine view.
MARKET, 1O49A— Front rooms, en suite, sin-
gle; also other rooms; telephone Howard 108.
MARKET. 2IS2— 2 sunny housekeeping rooms;
bath: private family; adults only; $10. • .
MINNA*. 262. near 4th-^Furnished front parlor;
.. suitable for 2 gentlemen; private family.
NEW ARLINGTON.* 1015 Market st— Nicely
furnished rooms. $2 a \v<sekup; 33c a day up.
OCTAVIA, 1403, corner Gearny— Corner bay-
window; wooden mantel; folding double bed;
$10. . ¦ .
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator: elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, 540— Sunny front room, with al-
co\e. S1Q. .¦¦„---.¦¦
PIXE. 1006 (The Victor)— New. management;
thoroughly renovated; sunny suites, • single
rooms, with board.
POLK," 717— Bunny furnished front room. $6.
ROSEDALE House, 319-S21 Ellis st.— Rooms,
night, 25c to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50;. week. $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. .
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth i st,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. . .
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK, 114 — A - nice furnished room for one
gentleman. -¦ "¦
TURK. 12&-Sunny furnished front ' room suit-
able for a gentleman. • -*¦
TURK 268 (The Lake) — New house; newly fur-
nished; modern; board optional. Phone
South 422. * •
WILL rent use of fine furnished office, nights, •
very cheap to young gent. Apply 120 McAllis-
ter st.. flat 2. . ..•:¦:
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at, 1096
Valencia st. -
ROOMS AXD BOARD.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furn. ;
excellent table; special rates to tourists. /
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Market — Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
A FAMILY hotel, Wilmott. 728 Sutter— Sunny
rooms, excellent table and service. .
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
First Et.. between Harrison and Bryant.
AT summer rates: attractive rooms: special
table: wine dinners. SC7 California fit.
'rooms wasted. "
WANTED— Accommodations for visiting Xtran-
gers during President's stay In San Francisco;
any hotels, boarding-houses, or private fami-
lies having rooms to spare will please bring
or send to room 217, Palace Hotel, information
as to the number and capacity of rooms to
rent: also state whether with or without
hoard. Citizens' Committee on Hotels, room
217, Palace Hotel. \
A NAVAL officer and wife would like twi un-
furnished rooms, private bath and board in
private family In locality free from fogs: in
city or suburban town this side of bay. Box
36C5. Call office. ,
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St.. rooms 9-19: tel. 55S0.
SEWING MACHINES AXD SUPPLIES-
SECOND-HAND machines all^makes at al-
most any price you want to pay; .all kinds
rented $2 mo. 145 Sixth St.: phone Mint 43.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Charles Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired: open even.: phone Black 1124: 203 4th.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Fost and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission at.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 2S1.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. S40 MIs-
slon gt.: tel. Mint 1521. F. XV. ZEHFUSS.
TYPEWRITERS AXI) SUPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than" any
house in the city: rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange. 53G California: telephone Main 266.
WINDOWS FOR PAKAJ^
BAY-WINDOW on Montgomery, near Market, j
See or address Janitor, 26 Montgomery st.
WINDOWS to rent for McKinley parade. 423
Third st. -
ASSESSMENT NOTICES.*
UNION~TRUST COMPANY of San FranciscoT
Location of principal place of business,
San Francisco, California. ..
Notice is hereby given that, at a regular
meeting of the directors held on the 2nd day
of May, 1901, a call or an assessment of One
Hundred Dollars ( $100 00) per share was
levied upon the capital stock of the corpora-
tion, payable immediately to" the secretary,
I. W. Hellmann Jr., at the office of the cor-
poratlon. No. 2 Montgomery street, In . the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
. California.
Any stock upon which this call or assess-
ment shall remain unpaid on the lOth-tJay of
June, 190L will be delinquent and advertised
for sale at public, auction, and unless pay-
ment Is made before, will be sold on the 26th
day of June, 1901, at 3 o'clock p. m., at the
office of the secretary of said corporation.
No. 2 Moatgomery street, in the city and
county ef San Francisco, State of California,
to pay the delinquent call or assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses
' of sale. May 2nd, 1901.
I. XV. HELLMAN JR..
Secretary of Union Trust Company of San
.Francisco. " _
• No.- 2 Montgomery Street, San Francisco,
California.
May 2nd, 1901.
To the Stockholders of the Union Trust
Company of San Francisco: Referring to the
above notice, we desire to ' inform you that
the business of this company has grown so
large that we deem 'it expedient to have a
paid up capital stock of One Million Dollars
($1,000,000). At the present time the paid up
. capital stock is Seven Hundred and Fifty
Thousand Dollars ($750,000 00). The board of
directors, at a meeting held May 2nd, 19Q1, by
a unanimous- vote resolved to transfer One
Hundred and Twenty-five Thousand Dollars
($125,000 00) out of the surplus fund to capital
Etock. The call, of which the above Is a
notice, will also credit capital stock with an
additional Crhe Hundred and Twenty-five
Thousand Dollars ($125,000 00). thus giving
the comoany One Million Dollars ($1,000,-
000 00) paid up capital. By order Ot the board
of directors. ¦ • . ,
I. W. HELLMAN JR.. Secretary.
PIVIPErcP NC> T*S EIS -V
DIVIDEND Notice.— Dividend No. 21 (twenty-
five cents per share) of . the Kilauea Sugar
Plantation Company will be payable at the
office of the company, 327 Market st, on and
after Wednesday, May 15, 1901. Transfer
.books closed Wednesday. May 8, 1901, at 3
o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON^Secretary.
DIVIDEND No. 27 (thirty cents per share) of
the Paauhau Sugar Plantation Co.. will be
payable at the office, of the company, 327
Market st., on and after Friday,* May 10,
1901. Transfer books closed Friday. - May 3.
1901. at 3 o'clock p. m. E. H. SHELDON.
Secretary. '
DIVIDEND NOTICE— The Giant Powder Com-
pany, Con. — A dividend (No. 29) of seventy-
' five cents (75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared
payable at the office of the company, -430
California *t. San Francisco, on May 10, 1901.
Transfer books close .May 3, 1901. at noon. A.
- A. SPARKS. Secretary.
PROPOSALS.
ADVERTISEMENT— Office of. the. Chief En-
gineer. Division of - the Philippines, Manila, ¦
P. I., March 1, 1901— Sealed proposals for
constructing a harbor at Manila, P. I., will
be received at this office until 11 o'clock a,
m., August 1, 1901, and then publicly opened.
Work to be done Includes about 150,000 cubic
yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
rubble masonry in breakwaters, about 5,000,-
¦ 000 cubic yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
head 4700 feet long. Dredging In mud, sand
and shells to a -depth of thirty feet.. Dredged
material to be used for reclaiming V land.
. Bids must be accompanied by a bond of one
hundred thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold.
' One contract will' 1 be, made for the wholo
work. Contractor's bond will be_10 per cent
of the. amount bid. The right Is reserved to
reJectTtny or all bids. For specifications and
blank forms, apply to this office. Bureau- of
Insular. Affairs, Washington, D. . C.;- United
' States Engineer Offices at New • York, Chi-
cago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE.
Captain, Engineers. - . ¦ ¦
PROPOSALS for coal— Office of General Super-
intendent 'Army Transport Service, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., May 1901. Sealed proposals In
triplicate for furnishing and; delivering 'at
Honolulu. H. I., twenty thousand tons, aver-
age Steam ¦ Coal, or such portion ¦ thereof as
may be reauired, will- be received at ' this
office until 12 m., June 10, ¦ 1901, and then
opened. Information furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals should be In-
dorsed. "Proposals for Cisl,". and addrcsatd
to OSCAR F. LONG, General Superintendent.
-. 'OCEAN TRAVEL. -
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
- L Steamer* leave Broadway
*w wharf, San Francisco:
1 m^^--- For Alaskan -ports — 11 a. m.,
kS&w*^ Ma > - '• G - "• ie - 2I - 28 - 3l -
sifcSi'fwS^ai June :".. Change to company's
¦ p2ktwS3S|.SKk steamers at Seattle.
1 *S8v5b3 Wl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
1 EwwC^f^fe! c -). Pcrt Townsend, Seattle,
1 Tacoma. Everett.. Anacortes
or ' B nd New Whatcom (Wash.)—
Jl a. m.. May 1. 6. 11. 16. 21.
2fi 31 June 5 and every fifth day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska-and G. N. Rv.: at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. RV- : at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay-l:30 p. m. May
8. 8° IS. 1$. 23. 28. J une -• and every fitth day
For 8 San' Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and- Redondo (Los An-
ee]es)-Steamer Queen. Wednesdays, 9 a. m. .
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon.-Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gaviota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme ban Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays. 9 a. m.; steamer Bo-
"foV Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. Pan Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. Las Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)-lO a. m.. 7th each
m For h 'further information obtain company's
company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice: .
TICKKT OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
rt 3Soi£5irraBK&S & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
o. r. & n. co;
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line frcm Portlnnd .to nil
points Enst. " Through tickets to all i
points, all rai' or steamshiD and rail, at
LOWEST RATES! . '
¦ Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meals.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails May 13. 23. June 2, 12
SS GEO. W. ELDER. Sails May 8. 18. 28, June 7
' D W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
1 Montgomery st, S. F. ,
AMERICAN LINE.,
KEW T0"K. ROnin j MPT0N, .LONDON. PAEI3.
' Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St Paul.... ..'.... May 29 St Louis. June 26
St Louis....... .June 6 St. Paul July 10
St Paul......... June 19 St. Louts... July 17
RED STAR LINE.
; New. York and- Antwerp.
From New -York Every "Wednesday, 12 noon.
Pennland '.'......May 22 F"rlesland .......June 12
Kensington May 29 Southwark .....June 19
Zeeland ....June 5'Vaderland ......June 26
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANY.
- • CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast, 30 Montgomery at.
TOYO KISEN EAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF* COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for YOKOHAMA" and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlpgo), Nagasaki and . Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers , for
India, etc. No cargo received on board - on
flay of sailing.. • " / •
SS AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 29. 1931
S3 HONGKONG MARU. Saturday, June 22, 1901
SS NIPPON M A3 U.. Wednesday. July 17, 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. Tor
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H.. AVERT. General Agent.
AAAanf 4t'CT CfA HAWAII, 8AM0A, NEW
: SS ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)..'.
Saturday. May 18. 10 a. m,
! : SS'-MARIPOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa.
! • New Zealand and Australia '......'
• ...........Thursday. May 30, 10 a. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA • for Tahiti.. .
.-..-.- ......Sunday, June 3.0, at 4 p. m.
I B.SPRECXELS & BROS. CO.; General Agents. 327 Market St
Oen'l Pasrangsr ma, 643 Hjrtet St., Pi?r h. I PacifaSt
COMPAGNIE GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQUE
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. < ~s* t *^-
Sailing every Thursday, instead of K^ffrfa
Saturday,, at 10 a.m.. from Pier 42, ~*^s**5-»
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
< to Havre $55 and upward. - Second ¦ class • to
Havre, $4» and upward. .GENERAL AGENCY
FOR -UNITED - STATES and CANADA. 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York; J. F.
FUGAZI &,> CO., Pacific Coast ' Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue, . San Francisco. > Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
- . TO LEASE."
LOVELY HOME.
¦ To lease for a long • term to responslblf-
party, 40 acres of best land, good locality, in
Santa Cruz County; only half a mile f rom "ae-
pot; consisting of about 25 acres of best wine
grapes and balance best fruit; apples, cher-
ries, plums, etc. ; lovely cottage, furnished:
also horses, carriage, phaeton, etc.; also fine
winery and cooperage for 30,000 gallons. - Box
. SS<1. Call office. ; ' -
. MARRIAGE LICENSES.
i The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday: -
Charles F. Reynolds, 24, 16 Metcalfe place,
and Daisy E. Brown, 18, 535 Stevenson street.
Carlo Piffero, 36, Petaluma, and , Adelina
Morosoli, 23, Petaluma.
Eueene Aubert, 49. 308 Sutter street, and
Mathilde A. Meyer, 44, 215 Palmer street, v
Cornelius Donohue, 31, 280 Minna street, and
Julia Murphy, 27. city. .
Vincent Versalovich, 25, city, and Martha
Strome, 19, city. ¦'
Oscar J. Andresen, 37, 316 Langton street,
and 'Albertina Lang. 31, city. ¦
EIRTHS-MARRM£S-flEATHS,v
Birth, marriage ' and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
pons authorized to have the same published. .
BORN.
BAILEY— In this city. April 8, 1901. to the
wife of Joseph P. Bailey, a son.
BOEDEFELD— In this city, May 8, 1901, to the
wife of F. S. Boedefeld, a son. :
RICE— In this city. May 7, 1901, to the wife of
George A. Rice, a daughter.
SPEKER— In Golden Gate, Cal., April 16, 190L
to the wife of Leo Speker, a daughter.
STARKE— In Alameda, April 30, 1901, to the
wife of E. A. Starke, a daughter.
SUTHERLAND— In this city. May 5, 1901. to
the wife of David R. . Sutherland, a son.
MARRIED.
DICKHOFF— LANZET— In this city. May 5,
1901 by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Bernard Dlck-
• hoff and Hattie Lanzet, both of San Fran-
. Cisco. . ' •
FRIEDLANDER— COOPER=^In this city, May
8, 1901, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Herman W.
Friedlander and Bessie Cooper, both of San
• Franc.'sco. . ¦ '
LHVY— KOSMANN— In this city, April 25,
1961, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Naphtalie Levy
and Rebecca Kosmann.
MUND— GROSS— In this city, April 28, 1901, by
the Rev. M. S. Levy, Charles J. Mund and
. Rae Gross, both of San Francisco.
' - DIED.
Arey, Walter W. Maas, William ¦ . '
' Berg, Rachel Malone, Margarat
Bond Mabel Morrison, Hugh
Clarke. Asa B. Pease, Alice M..'
Crcs3, Clyde A. , Prole, Anna D.
/Daley, Kate E. . Rastedt, Marie
Dlppmann. Julius Rusch, Mrs. Anna M.
Dooley, William Schemmel. Mrs. A. -
Hansen. Andre".' 1 P. Schwer, Charlea
Holbrow, Henry E. Shiela, Georgian K.
Kinsella. Patrick Williams, Evan
• McLaughllo, Andrew
AREY— In this city. May 9, 1901, at his resi-
dence, 231 Third avenue, Walter W. Arey,
beloved husband of Mary L. Arey, and father
of Mirord T. and Jean C. Arey, Mrs. Wil-
liam Miller and th» late Walter D. Arey, a
native of Maine, aged 63 years.
BERG— In this city. May 9, 1901, Rachel Berg,
beloved mother of Charles and Henry Berg,
a native of Norway.
(ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
BOND— In Fruitvale, May 8, 1901. Mabel Bond,
a . native of California, aged 21 years 8
months and 6 days.
CLARKE— In this city. May 8. 1901. at his
residence, 762 Hayes street, Asa B. Clarke,
husband of Sarah F. Clarke, and father of
AVilliam E. Clarke, the late Mrs. Judge
Bowers and Mrs. E. J. Price, a native of
Vermont, aged S7 years 9 months and 10
davs
E>*The funeral will take place this day
(Friday), at 32 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. Friends and acquaintances are in-
vited to attend.
CROSS— In this city. May 8. 1901. Clyde A.
Cross, beloved ' son of C. W. and Helen A.
Cross, a native of California, aged 25 years
3 months and 7 days. ¦
(ETThe funeral services will be held
this day (Friday), at 1 o'clock, at the
Cypress Lawn Cemetery Chapel, j
DALEY— In West Berkeley, May 8, 1901. Kate
Ellen, beloved wife of James P. Daley,
daughter of Mrs. Eva Brannan, and sister of
Mary F. and Agnes A. Brannan, Brother
iSehonan and the late Thomas and James
Brannan, a native of California, aged 31
years & months and 16 days.
K7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday)-, at 9 o'clock, -irom her' late resi-
dence. 1434 Sixth street, thence to St. Jo-
seph's Church, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Ihterment St. Mary's
Cemetery.
DIPPMANN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, May 9, 1901, Julius Dippmann, a native
of Germany, aged 70 years. . •
DOOLEY— In this city. May 8, 1901, William,
beloved brother of James, Frank and Fred
Dooley, a native of Virginia City, Nev., aged
31 years.
HANSEN— In this city. May 8. 1901, Andrew
Peter, beloved husband of Christine Hansen.
father of Charlie, Lillie, Nellip. Mamie.
Agnes, Violet and Hazel/ Hansen and Mrs.
John Hughes, and brother of Benjamin and
Alfred Hansen and Mrs. Thomas Rose, a
native of Sweden, aged 50 year*. A member
¦ of Longshore Lumbermen's ProtecUve Asso-
ciation No. 224. . •
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock,' from the parlors of
the California Undertaking- Company, 405
Towell street, near Post.
HOLBROW— In New York, May 1, 1901. Henry
• E. Holbrow, dearly beloved husband of Cecil
Holbrow, a native, of England, aged 52 years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission . street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
KINSELLA— In this city, May 9, 1901, at his
residence, &17V4 Taylor street, Patrick, be-
loved husband of the late Ann Kinsella. and
father of Annie, Daniel W. and Augustine
Kinsella, a native of County Galway. Ire-
land, ared 75 years. ¦ - - K - . .
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. May 8, 1901, An-
drew P., beloved father, of D. V W. McLaugh-
lin, Mrs. I. C. Schmltz, Mrs. M. J. Meehan
and Mrs. a! L. Silling of San Francisco,
Mrs J. E. Johnston of Oakland. Mrs. John
TPurcell and Katie McLaughlin of Ireland,
the late Mrs. H. W. Clinch, Mrs. F. Lauber
and John F. McLaughlin. a native of
Cloneybeacon, Aries, Queens County, Ire-
land, aged 75 years and 3 months.
E5"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday) at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. I. C Schmitz. 3403
Sixteenth street. thence : to Mission Dolores
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment private
Holy Cross Cemetery-
MAAS— In this city, May 9, 1901, William
Maas, a native of Germany, aged 73 years.
MALONE-In this city, May 9, 1901. at Our
Ladies' Home, 33 Rincon place, Margaret Ma-
lone. a native of Ireland, aged 82 years.
MORRISON— In this city. May 8. 1901, Hugh,
beloved husband of Clara T. Morrieon. ; late
of Makaweli, ¦ Kaual, Hawaiian Islands, a
native of Scotland, aged 56 years and 8
months. (Honolulu, T. H., papers please
copy )
IE7"FrIen<3« and acauaintances are .respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the Third Con-
gregational Church. Fifteenth street, between
Mission and Valencia, Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, via electric funeral car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero streets. \
PEASE— In • Fruitvale. May 8, 1901,. Alice M
Pease, beloved wife of Charles D. Pease, and
mother of Rica and Frank Silvera. aged , 32
years 10 months and 27 days.
PROLE— In Oakland, May 9 1901. Anna D
beloved daughter of Albert- W. and Margaret
J. Prole, and sister of Frederick J., Thomas
J Horace A., Marie E., Alice R. and Wil-
liam Prole, a native of Iowa, aged 23 years
7 months and 16 days. . .
RASTEDT— in this city. May 8, 1901. Marie
Rastedt, beloved wife < of Gustav .Rastedt.
and beloved mother of Henry Heydenaber, a
native of Bavaria, Germany, aged 65 years 1
month and 14 1 days. - ' ? '
IE?" Friends, and acquaintances i are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of.
'henry j. gallagh er co.
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) •
' : ¦• DANIEL p. DONOVAN, Mjr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS,
: 20 Fifth St., opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80.' ¦ • ; . ¦
I JAMES McGINN,
Formerly with McGlnnn Bros , has opened
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet.
. Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 676. , :
I "UNITED UNDERTAKERS, ¦
' 27 and 29. Fifth st. .Tel. South 167./ 1
IUKEHAL DIEECT0R5 AND UMBALMSB1. I
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates.-, fl
McAVOV. «fc CO.. ¦!
FCNERAL DIRECTORS & ' EMBALMERS. I
1239 Market St.,. between 8th and 9th. ¦¦¦ I
\ . Telephone South 247. • |
SAN FRANCISCO, May 6," 1901.— This Is to cer-
' tify that CHARLES H. JACOB has this day,
' In Department .Ten of the Superior Court of
the City and County of ; San ; Francisco, Cal.; ¦'
changed his name to CHARLES H. J. TRU-
MAN. Signed: CHAS. H. J. TRUMAN.GRADUATING GOLLEGE STODENTS
COMMENCE FAREWELL EXERCISES
Beneath Shade of Berkeley's Glassic Oaks Class of 190J Holds
: High Revel, Fair Go-Eds Participating* \
' THE SAN FRA^GISCO CALL; FRIDAY, MAT^ .10, 1901.
Auditor Wells thinks that It Is the ob
vious duty of the Civil Service. Commis
sion to order new. examinations when its
eligible lists become exhausted, but the
commission seems to think otherwise.
For that reason enly the names of Miles
Mclntosh, IX F. Maiier, Lewis Booker and
J. B. Lewis Jr. were certified to the Audi
tor for experienced clerks, though requisi
tion was made for ten. The commission
took it upon itself to certify the names
of six ordinary clerks for the remaining
six places in order to make up the Audi
tor's quota of ten. but Auditor Wells sent
his chief deputy, William Wells, to the
commission's rooms -with the notification
that he would not accept the ordinary
clerks, but would be satisfied only with
experienced ones. The work to be done
by the clerk3 is the compilation of the de
linquent tax roll.
¦ On the other hand. Chief Examiner Mo
ran states that the men on tha ordinary
clerks' eligible list have all heretofore
been engaged on the delinquent tax roll
and are fully competent to do the work.
Moran explains that the eligible lists are
becoming exhausted owing to the fact that
positions have been found for them more
rapidly than at first expected. ¦> New ex
aminations have not been ordered on ac
count of the litigation in which the com
mission has been involved in relation to
the so-called county offices, but prepara
tions are being made to hold examina
tions for all positions, and after that du
plicate examinations of those already held
will be ordered In cases where the eligible
lists are exhausted.
The dilatory tactics of the Board of
Civil Service Commissioners were again
exemplified yesterday when that board no
tWed Auditor Wells that it would be un
able to supply him wltb. ten • experienced
clerks, as there remained only four on
the eligible list. Though tha commission
has been in existence for sixteen months,
it has failed to hold enough examinations
to have a supply of eligible* on hand
when reciuisitlon Is made upon It for cer
tain kinds of employes. The same trou
ble was experienced by the Board of Pub
lic Works when It recently filed a requisi
tion for a male stenographer. The com
mission was obliged to confess that it had
only female eligibles on Its list, as tha
males had all been given positions.
Examinations Not Held
After Eligible List
Is Exhausted
CIVIL SERVICE
BOARD DILATORY
' John . Lawrence, \ a well-known bunko
man, was arrested yesterday by Detective
Ryan and locked up in the "tanks" at the
City Prison. Ryan saw him on Larkin
street; near Sacramento, with two stran
gers and placed him under arrest. The
strangers said- that Lawrence had picked
up a key on Market street as they were
passing and asked if it belonged to them.
He then offered to ' take them to the Pre
sidio. ¦ Lawrence is the bunko steerer who
got Student Palmer of Stanford- Univer
sity In tow about four months ago, and
after swindling him out of $160 went with
him to the Columbian Bank to cash a
draft of $5000, where he -was arrested. The
case was dismissed by Judge Cabaniss.
Bunko Man Arrested.
A special train consisting 1 of an engine,
tender and one day coach pulled into the
Oakland mole yesterday morning and
Miss Margaret Windeyer of Sydney,
Australia, Its sole passenger, swung her
self lighily to the platform. Miss
Windeyer wanted to sail for home on the
steamship Sierra, and in order to reach
this city in time was compelled to make
the run from Nevada In a special.
Miss Windeyer had been visiting friends
in Albany, N. Y. While there she re
ceived a dispatch from Sydney informing
her that her presence was essential on a
certain date in connection with the clos
ing ui> of. her father's . estate. She im
mediately started for San Francisco and
a ticket was bought for her on the steam
ship Sierra that sailed yesterday.
E. C. Williams, president of the Mendo
clno Lumber Company of this city. Is a
friend of the young lady and discovered
that the train she was traveling on would
not arrive here until 12:25 p. m. yesterday,
while the steamer-was to sail at 10 a. m.
He accordingly tried to arrange for a spe
cial .train to bring her from Ogden. Man
ager Fillmore would not permit this, but
ordered that * a train should be in readi
ness for her at Wadsworth, Nev.
The special pulled Into . Oakland, at 9:15
yesterday morning. • Miss Windeyer ar
rived on this side ' of the bay. at 9:50,
where a. hack was. in. readiness for her.
E. O. McCormick had ¦ detailed one of his
clerks to assist the young lady, and she
¦was driven'- along -the water, front . and
landed on the steamship's wharf at 9:57.
She was on the Sierra three minutes be
fore sailing time.
Hires a Special Train at
Wadsworth to Catch
Sierra.
MISS WINDEYER
WINS HER RACE
'.*KIT>" ¦' SX5I/DIERS A»E .':
¦ . V BESTOBED ' TO TvrATVnVTA
Less Than Sixteen Years Old They
, Rush to Battle Against the
., Filipino.
,Mrs.'- Evelyn P. Ferry^ mother, of Clin
ton P. " Ferry, also known as 'William
Renz, ¦ applied to * United States District
Judge de Haven yesterday ; f or a* writ ¦ of
• habeas corpus on behalf of . her , son, who
Is :under 16 years of age " and enlisted in
the United States navy without her per
mission. The writ was issued J directing
Captain; Henry ; Glass of the 'Pensacola;to
produce the boy in court 1 to-morrow, morn
ing. - . . ' -, ¦ ¦
P. N." Tulloch, another 16-year-oid ' boy,
who enlisted'in the army without the con
sent of his parents, was produced 'n court
and j was discharged."-vHe :, was taken from
the Presidio, whither he had gone tpre
, paratory ? to killing ; several thousand - Fil
ipinos and capturing "suc
cessor. . ¦ ' ¦ :•¦
The Crystal Hot Sea Baths.
¦;'.'< Tuts . and . swlmmln*. B 317 • to 325 . Bay | stre«t :
thirteen minutes' ride ' from street...' •
To-day— Prytanean banquet in San Francisco
at '2 p. m.; senior ball at 9 p. -m., at Hearst
Hall. To-morrow— Benefit by men of senior
class. Sunday— Professor T. R. Bacon de
livers sermon at Hearst. Hall. Monday—Coun
cil and faculties, meet at 10 a. m, ; afternoon,
garden party given by Mrs. Hearst to seniors;
evening, . senior.. smoker on 'North Hall steps
and pilgrimage. > Tuesday— Regents meet at 2
p." m. .to confer, degrees; .Professor Le. Conte
delivers • annual address .at 4 p. m. before the
Phi. Beta Kappa in gymnasium; reception at
8:30;p. m.' of the U. C. alumni at Hopkins
Art Institute. .Wednesday, .May 15—Commenee
ment - exercises : at., university in presence of
President McKlnley. . ¦ <
At night the graduates 'were tendered
an informal reception in the library by
Librarian , J. C. Rowell. The affair was
the perpetuation of a custom. which gives
university men and women one evening
in their lives to talk Above a whisper. In
the library building. There were no
formal reception committees, each mem
ber of the class constituting one himself.
Prophecies as to what each graduate
would be doing- and where; he would be
twenty years from now. were sealed in a
box and given into the keeping of the li
brarian. It is proposed to hold a reunion
dinner twenty years from . date and to
open the prophecies at that time.
During the evening - a short informal
talk was made by L» L. Greene, president
of : the University Alumni Association.
He welcomed the class , of 1901 into the
ranks of the graduates.
- The programme for commencement
week Is as follows: .. -/',;.••
Ralph T. Fisher, Walter N. Frlckstad, Na
than M. Moran, chairman ; D. , A. Gordenker,
Anna Holmes, Agnes ¦ Frislus and Elizabeth
Led^ett. •
Mary Gallagher, Louise Garland, Leonora Gau
tier, Mabel Gilson, Marcella Glazier, Isabel
Godln, A. . W. . Goodfellow, Elizabeth Goyne.
Ulrlch Graff. Bess Graham. May Gray, L. L.
Greene. .R.-R. Grieve. Melvin Griffiths. Mar
cella Gunning, J. . E. Gustafson, . Harvey Hall,
E. B. Harris, F. B. Hart, R. W. Harvey, Ade
laide Hobe. J. I>. :• Hoffmann. W. ;N. Hohfeld,
Anna Holmes, Anita Hubbard.'Corinne Hutton,
Anne Jennings. 5 Katherine Johnston, -Myrtle Jo
seph. Addlph Judell, Louise Kellogg, L. D. Ker
foot. F. W. Kjerns, Elizabeth Keyser, Edith
Kurtz, Benjamin Lacey, Frederick Laist, E. R.
Leach, G. P. Manchester, Genevleve Manches
ter, T. D. Mansfield. S. G.' Masters, Helen Mar
tin, Edna :. McKee. "C W. McConaughy, Nettie
Meek. H. C. Melone, VIncenza.MiUedge, Mary
Miller. Ida Moodey, Stanley Moore, Anna Mor
gan, J. A. Morgan.' H. D. Morse, F. L. Mul
prew, H. L. Moulthrop, Charlotte Xeale, Edna
Owen, Clara Piper, C. W. Place." Maude Powell,
Florence Preble, ' Caroline Pulcifer, C. A. Prin-
Kle.' Ellen Rea, \V. V. Richardson. Fannie San
born. A. B. Rhuart, C. R. Sessions, Mary
Shreve, Elizabeth Skinner, H. D. Smith, J. S.
Soares, R. C. Specht, R. P. Stephenson, Theresa
Stoer, May- Strong. Mary Stockton, Amy Tab
rett. Taichi . Tanabe, Irene Taylor. Mabel
Thomas; Margaret Thornton. E. G. Thunen.-E.
I. Titlow, Mary Tyrrell, ( Mooshegh.Vaygouny,
Lillian Versalovich, Ellen Wilkinson, Mabel
Williams, A: M. Wolfenden, Alice Wright and
O. C. Zinns. . .
The ' following named formed the com
mittee in charge : ..• , ;
PEOPLE . AND SCENES NOTA
BLE AT THE BERKELEY
CLASS DAY EXERCISES. • .
In ten years we shall have one of the best
libraries in the world. ... I never tell ¦ you any
thing unless it 1 ' is ' so . and my,: prediction * will
come true." I am speaking: to you from an ,
elevation and the sun prevents you from look
ing up at me.. I .cannot see ;= your -eyes. "I
wish that I could see your. eyes. I -have not
had as good an opportunity to " know, you = all
personally as I should- have desired. .',.. .:¦• .^
My position is a very trying one and, I. am
disappointed (that • I .. cannot ¦ have ; more to do
President Wheeler said that it. was/fit
ting that the pilgrimage should terminate
at the library building, which represented
so vital a part of university life. He
dwelt on the needs of a great library for
the State University and exhorted the se
niors not to forget their alma mater, in
years to come, but to • help make i the • li
brary one of- the greatest in. the world.
President Wheeler, continuing, said:
The "pilgrimage" finished' in front of
the library building, where President Ben
jamin Ide Wheeler addressed - the - seniors.
Richard ¦ Walton Ttilly . delivered a short
address in behalf of the graduating class,
and when President Wheeler appeared on
the porch of the building he received an
ovation that lasted for. minutes. , . • -
Students Listen . to ' President.
At the chomistry building' Glenn E. Al
len conducted the exercises, and consid
erable amusement was caused by the
"class in chemistry" • conducting experi
ments on the porch -of the : structure.
Enough red and green fire was burned to
illuminate the country for miles.
The philosophy building and the mining
building were 1 then visited. At the for
mer study hall Alexander Gordenker de
livered the address, -while at the mining
building William Beaumont Schaw was
the speaker. -
The first halt was made at South Hall,
where Professor Joseph L>© j Conte, the
"beloved," delivered . a short address to
the joyous crowds. He drew a picture of
the cloisterlike atmosphere of the college
of his youth as compared to the free and
broad-minded college of the present day.
Professor Le Conte reviewed the work of
the students during their term of -study
and wished them God speed in. the paths
of life that lay before them. Needless to
say that Professor Le Conte was given an
ovation that made the welkin "ring with
hearty cheers. • Ralph Talcott .. Fisher
made a brief address and conveyed the
thanks of the senior class to Professor
Le Conte and to the entire faculty.
North Hall was the next objective point,'
and around its steps the seniors and their
friends listened to clever speeches by
Miss Muriel Eastman and. Milton H.
Schwartz. . Both speakers .predicted, that
with the building of the Greater Univer
sity of California the world would see the
best and. grandest seat of learning in the
earth situated at Berkeley, j Schwartz
begged that the faculty, in erecting the
new buildings, would leave the old woodp
en steps of North Hall, so that in years
to come the seniors of the college might
be able to revisit the scenes of their edu
cational struggle and find the spot where
they had so often rested and imbibed in
spiration.
Professor La Conte Speaks.
The sight was a pretty one as the stu
dents listened to the various speakers at
the different halls of study. Nearly all
the co-eds were ; dressed completely In,
white, owing to the summery aay, while
the male students' wore white duck suits
and the fantastic headdress distinctive of
tiio college classes.
To the strains of martial music the
gayly dressed, throng visited the various
buildings .where, for .the past four years
the seniors have wrestled ;-w!th educa
tional problems in order to secure the cov
eted "sheepskin" awarded by the faculty
for merit onlv.- ' ..'...; -
At 10 o'clock the seniors, accompanied
by hundreds of the students, met in front
of the library. building, from which point
the "class pilgrimage" started.
More than 5000 people assembled In the
morning under the classic oaks in the vi
cinity of the library building, where -an
excellent programme of music was ren
dered by an orchestra under the direction
of Professor Wilfred Yank. At 9:30 the
senior class assembled in Stiles Hall, and,
led by the band, marched in procession to
the "senior oak," which spreads its huge
branches close to the campus bridge. Th©
ceremony of dedicating the oak. was con
ducted by J. W: S. But ( ler, Paul Sins
heimer and Fred M. Allen. With appro
priate speeches Butler turned the oak
oyer to the care of Allen, who is acting
president of the class of '02. ¦ ¦ .• '•>.
THE State Univers-lty at* Berkeley
was en fete yesterday on the oc
casion of the class day exercises
held by the senior class of 190L
From early morning until late at
night the students who are bidding fare
well to college life held high revelry, and
the "pilgrimage" will be long remembered
by all who participated either as princi
pals or guests.
¦with the students. . Signing documents and at
tending meetings are but as dust and ashes.
The real work I love Is teaching the classes,
and my position has prevented * me from being
among you as much as I have desired. Last
year I , doubted if there would be as good a
senior class. I know of youi*work and I value
It most highly. I > have realized that I could
lean on you and secure your support at all
times and for ;that I want to thank you.
There has been, a marked gain in self-govern
ment and centralization. of power of, the stu
dent body. This -senior class has done great
work for the university. You have put the
university above class and helped ¦ a definite
movement to push back ¦ class and class or
ganization. >uy ¦ - , .
. The motto of all students of this university
should be "the university above all things."
That has been your motto and I want to thank
you for your lovalty. to the university and to
myself. It shall be your credit and glory al
ways. . You have demonstrated the power of
the student body to i govern itself and from
now on the primacy of the senior 'class will be
an established fact in affairs of the university.
God bless you all and may God be with you
and help you to do your duty in life a3 men
and women. •¦
Hearty cheers greeted the close of Presi
dent Wheeler's address and -the exercises
of the morning ended, the students and
their friends dispersing for luncheon.
•••..• Extravaganza in Open Air.
In :the afternoon the seniors" presented
an extravaganza entitled "The Annual
Pilgrimage, to the Shrine of the Most
Learned Dragon Faculty."
The performance was given in the open
air in .what is known as "Ben Weed's Am
phitheater," a sylvan grlen surrounded by
giant oaks. The thousands of visitors
seated themselves on the sloping sides of
the glen, at one end of which was built
a large stage. ' President and Mrs. Wheel
erf escorted' Mrs. -Phebe Hearst to a seat
near the stage, and the presence of the
benefactress of the university was the sig
nal for renewed cheers "from the specta-
The extravaganza was written by Hugh
M. Love, Jewel Alexander and Herbert
T. Moore, and was filled with college skits,
so dear to student hearts.
The various classes, becomingly array
ed, prayed to the "dragon faculty", that
he might grant them diplomas. After
hearing the petitions, the dragon consents
to award the diplomas conditionally— on
the giving up of all "frivolities" by those
seeking the diplomas. The vanities of the
"tribes" are piled on the altar and burned
and the dragon then awards the diplomas.
A paean In praise of the diploma Is then
sung and a dance of triumph follows.
' Students Who Trod the Stage. ' .
The costuming was a feature of the per
formance and the songs, marches and
choruses were artistically^rendered. M.
H. Schwartz and R. W. Tully kept -the
fun at boiling point -as the ."Jesters and
the entire performance was keenly, . en
joyed by all present. -v' ;;:'•
Those who took part in the extravagan
za were as follows: ; : . y ..
The, Dragon ': Faculty— Chief Pf 1^ 4 - ; J- £•
Southard; T. P. Bayer, L. F. Dreher, F. G.
Goodenow, J.' H." Steinhart. J. W. S. Butler,
M. : H. Schwartz. . R. W. TuUy, L. • E. Car-
Pe Heralds of the Tribes-W. -B.iGreeley . Ov; N.
Didlon, J. C. Blair/ F. E. Howard,. D. A. Got
denker . W. H.' Orrick, E. A. ¦pow^n E. W.
Rolanrf, J. S. Bright and H. F. Sheldon.^. _
Tribe of Letters-Queen, EvajSale; Elizabeth
Arlett. Jessie Bohall. .' Cora Campbell, Maud
Fraser, Ruby Gracier, Claire 'Jones, .Edith
Thatcher, i Lucile Bailey. Vivian Bryan,^An
toinette Chevret. • Harriet Hoppin.vAlmlraK.el
shaw, Florence Montgomery. Mary ;. Katclln:,.
Minna Nelson, Adrienne- Cerf. W. L. Keep -
. Tribe of Commerce-King. V B V A. Hammond.
B. R. Chllds, J. O..Osborne >T H. ;M. Leete,,F.i
F. • Marshall, , P. . Lebenbaum. , W. B/ Schaw L.
D" McKlnlcy, A. W. Palmer. ¦,C.L.<Blgelow,
Margaret Scott. Brownie Brownell, Edith _Gad
y Tribe' of' Scolal Scienc^ueen^Eva^Powell;;
Edith .Kendal; , Annie .White. Mdy .^ollner.
Celeste Granice, ; Margaret Hill. 'Fej^Cox.
Catherine Hlrstel, Ethel Marston. . Rita Beatty,
F ™b^ r o1 Oy Natural - Sclence-QuW 'Ruby.
Morse ; Elizabeth Scupharn. Alice fright, EUz-,
abeth Lehr.. May'Bowcher, : Martha Ijams. .
Claribel Ensign. May Johnson Elizabeth Led
gett. Ella-Bunnell.- Katherine.Layne = - __
Hill 1 Tribes-King. - H.._L.- Co ™ lB * I' "• • C. ,
White. J. L.- Goldsmith. E. M. = Hecht W. W.
Bradley.- W.S.-HunterWS.- Sessions. G. L.
Eddy, H. E.; Magee. G. • W. > Parsons, -. R. • S.
£ L Ch?mistry D -Queen ag Pearl ! Thomas-
Bllnche cnart??Hit«T jleob.. Rachel Kurland
zik. Louise Whitehead. 'Alice -Hunt. _ Margaret
Trolll, . Amy Van > Deerlin. Hepzibah Gveen,
Florence Barnard. Estelle Roblln. ¦¦¦ - •• > / _
( Tribe of agriculture-King. C^L.^Carlson:C.
M. Colton. O. P. Rathke, O. ' F. Kern. ,\V. . J.
Shiw, C.W. Ed wards. O.M.Nlcely.^.-.
Knockers' ClurP-R. T. Fisher, N. M. Moran,
.A. M.Walsh, W.B.Bakewell. . ; •
. Holdover— A. C. Nahl. t „., . ' « K " v'
Choristers in • recessional— Hilda Abraham.
Annie Allen, G. L.- Allen.. H..W. Bangle,. Min
nie Bannon. G. R. Bartlett. " Ida Body. • IT 'D.
Brltt F " U -- Bugbee, Ethel , Catton, • Lillian
Chase, W.' R. Chllds, Madeline Christy, Ame
lia Qoeke. C. M. Coleman. -W.' E.Conlin, Mary.
Cooper .R. H. Curtiss.j C; S. : Dall,"Ivan : An
Lashmutt, ¦ Josephine : Devine,-.: Ix>u de Tn, E. A. ;
blckson, < Margaret f Doherty. . W. , >W> Downer,
Lillian Durkee,' Muriel ' Eastman," Elizabeth
Eby,' T.-H.-j Emerson,'-, Margaret.'- Fee.' Grace
Fish, '.E. ; T.- Ford,: Margaret Fortier, L. I.. Gale,
14
ADVERTISEMENTS. , ._ _
Attractive Trimmed Millinery.
/^^M^\ jfasaaf r^Q\ days trimmed mil-
jffl^Wps ) iS^fe- \ linei T seekers will
\3&&^ \^-^~~~~^~~~A priced showing one
- i^^ °^ unusua^ ex cel-
r . O^sP —y } lence— one which will fully demon-
(^t'Wi^-'^ s^ ra^ e the superiority of quality and
. Wsft style here— and bur wonderful and
• J MJ • much commented on improvement in
7 • •- the millinery art in the few short
. * months which have passed since we
began at the bottom of the ladder to
build to the millinery supremacy of San Francisco which
we now enjoy. There's always new ideas here, and full many
of them are represented in this stylish showing at $5.00.
A Worthy line of Children's Prettify Trimmed Hats from $2.50 op.
' Ask to be shown the fatest idea— "The Shirt Waist Hat."
TAILOR-MADE SUITS. STYLISH SILK WAISTS.
N--v —^-w«-~.» This offerinff of y>—^-~ > —^~*~*\ This nrlca renr*-
¦ — >- of several special * —^->_-w-O - ]ar and OrtXvv
new lines which will give midseason- style* the sort
buyers the advantage of the lowest. quite appropriate for street wear
price auoted this season on equal with your new Jacket suit A taatv
qualities, and assortment. There's attractiveness in stitched self-strap-
pebble, cheviot. Venetian, homespun pings marks the finish of these £55-
, and cloths; blouse, bolero, Eton and ments besides that of the corded
jacket styles, with tan, blue, brown tucked and hemstitched effects? TOe
¦f n n J* 11 **! l 0T * a C^° lce - S° me f| P la^ n color line gives choice from the pret-
tailor finished, others attractive in - tlest shades of pink blue red hello
prniture of appliques or stitehea gray. etc. Friday and Saturday wui
taneta. see rapid selling.
SHIRT WAiST SPECIAL. EMPIRE STYLE CORSETS.
;¦ In Basement Selrsroom. In Basement Salesroom.
•v— -v j These waists include the ¦v— v_- >_— >. These am t>>~ "^,-«
( p fl_V latest spring styles, per- \rA ) v^«l *% J
)hlin( cale and lawn: in colors )hUF\\ known **• G - Cor-
\ il Nil/ and white: sizes 32 to 42; \-liil.) sets « the new short or
C^ZJ*J Sr'ed^SSdim"? 11 hUn ' * U U " \ style, a much-fa-
¦^7 7-7 nred. sufficient to guar- *> — . ¦— — %; vored model Thfv'r* 9
¦sis?. JS' te Hrv n^*?. hoo8in8r . for a coiStortSSSr f^-fl*
L«^L e .°«,,- ayS i;n With o, a 5a £ Jns weU tln ff- wel1 boned corset, trimmed top
worth jour while. Sizes 32 to 42— and bottom with fancy lace, run with
Jffi&n" 1 unusual opportunity at this ribbon. We show them "both black
season. . and white. In a resrular run of sizes.
Cor. Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
DR.MCNULTY.
1-«HIS WfctXi-KXOWIT AND R F.LI ABLE OLD
. Specialist cure* Blood Poison, (lonorrhceii.Gleet,
Strictarr*. SpmliuU Weakness, Inapotence and their
allied Diwrders. Hook on Diseases of Mo>», ftea.
Over20rears'-xper»ence.T(*rms reajwnabie. Honw-
9to3daily;G:30tpS.30pv'gs.Sandays,10t'>l2. Cunnul-
tatlonfreeandsacredly confidential. Can oraddresa
P. ROSCOB M «NU1»TY, M. D.
20 y t Kearny St.. San 1'ranciaca, CsJ-
BAJA-CAlilFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A , GREAT RESTORATIVE. INVIGORA-
1 ¦ tor and Nervine. ; ." . /
" The ¦ most .wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
¦ Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
I .The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. »• Sells on Us own merits.
NABER.. ALFS & '. BRUNE." Agents.
123 Market ; sC.l S.^ F.— (Send for ClrcuUrs.)
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEAOTY UNiJ)ORNED.
It's simplicity we all admire — naturalness.
... A j complexion "i like, peaches and .cream is
produced naturally apparently by using
Mme. Idaline's Face Cream.
It hot only beauti- You .wish to be
fics : instantlyj but _^^=^^^ beautiful and this
preserves the skin /^^^ADAi^^v dainty, delicate face
and is perfectly '// >^ k-^*^ \k- cream detracts in no
harmless, for it con- (ft** wa y rtJm your > n "
. tains neither grease .(| rAC^3> \5^*U||| nate refinement »^ or
nor any injurious %} £^\ jJJI it is absolutely invis-
chemicalf, which '\\;-***,*t£-j£jv ible to the eye, and
cannot be said .of al1 blemishes fade
any other face prep- away like dew be-
] aration. fore the morningsun
¦ • ¦ ... - m i
Ask your druggist or send 50* and we will mail It to you.
Send 2c stamp for samp'es. Try-it — be beautiful.
Mmc. Idaline's Face Grcam Go.
204 Powell Stceet.'San Francisco, Manufacturers.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ¦ '•••¦".; ¦ ' '^K
w3i HV US Sir 1 4 In |>5 Ft! Mr W Ml «1 1SL w9m wSm 19 I Rl ffiififl IB
iJs ¦ HI P?* v* K3 p^S ' u fjSt &% BB yft H - m| pj gjfi fej l^BH 1
Hts Reception Will Cause Us AN to Don Our
Glad Togs 1 - And We Have Those Glad Togs.
UECEDTION • ,^^^W\
SPECIALS. mBF&Kw
The Croat Stock ¦/¦ iH --j*. ¦.-Jf ill
Scarf for Ladies I IpK^il !
Xo dau'it you, know this U I \ iJjliP I^l]|S^|\\ 8
the s-nixrb Scarf for Lidir*: \ V '.'.M^^^^^W^A \
ihe. smnrt sit arc wearing 'cnv. I &0$&^M%^\
Ma.de it ivash fn'jrics. Can I JW^hrf^Sim 1
be t'vd, in the four-in-hand. 1 /^illtlSiittSllliiil I
Hie A cot or any fashionable, S /
shap\ 0:ir Vlus' ration shows \ flifwllllltoji^ I
the Scarf. Yo'J, cut get \'tm in \ I
the Tar .an' p aids, brifh, ef- V l|||-.. ; '^^# /
fectf. reds, stripes; no end of \ I
pretty colorings. Sonif store? \ j^^^^^^S '¦< I
tax you, $1 for \m. Our prici— \ /
• 44»»h-»:-h--X":":":":":";":"I"X--H"X"1- •:-!¦¦:¦:¦¦>¦:¦:¦ i"i"H-:^4^^^^--H-^ •
P^^^» A SlUHiiing Sailor
Royal Blue Serge.
I P **&** J-f y Glu WCLn^ that little chap of
r y{*4@£?* Ji&^l&j '^" '^jj^jft'tf Timers 1o be. ihe surliest dressed
I ' Ijil \F-^ ~&&' '^'ir^-zrC*-- chap during the P resident's re-
\ i 1 cep'ion, ii">ek, wh f no thing fi'ls
I I 'il'l iflL*'^^i < Milffi h$r~*$- 9 L^ ' 7^ 5 a a^ or S u }b> as we
\\ \ If! jIIpvS*^ 'Wp 1 1 Irai^vrii plsturs opposite. This ii one. of
Ikil | P^ Xal^is!' rail Til cur a^ esi concrp ions, with a
I'lr^^Sw vln'Jv' III 'I jenth'.r- dc' i soutache irim-
xJyf^^^s^S^^J// \ ir-ii !{ji|j ming, in the Royal Blioe. Serge;
If ' 5^^ t^y^' rf^fl ¦ill lh tcaiit: fill fhadi of blue, un-
j i ft\ '! fndable; thi trousers lined
I 'H \t ' throughout; ihe soutache in
i j * M& ''"'j ''yjlji ij black and. gold, beautiful ern-
\ *\ i \ } "©• V-^llf r blew on the- shield, pre.Hy stars
VCjx^^^^iaL^^^llipi on the sailor collar. Wt never
WmiiZxi C 1! I effered, you a better sailor at
Mliilrfti **/.W 'Ml lifilll ' &&• To fi 1 ' chapi between the
Illrlli Si' 'W. '( P'h "$ es °f 3 ailcl 1 ~' a7ld oth Fri '
"'!|P 111 M '¦ I Sill' ' alJ anil s atliriLa y lL 'i"i e
SlIlEtlulilt^nillll/rtili/il^^jiSj^iifjiliiF,!
In Blue, just as you sec in (^Ssfe>BW«
the picture, made from TBSM^wlwmlMWmf'Wii
pie Blue Twill Cheviot; •
biriit with broad military WBWmmWm
.shoulders. Just ihe kind )M$ n-Mwl^TwW'l
o/ a suit for the Brest-
dent's reception week.
Your young chap wants W^^^^W- *
to look his best on an occa- WiwMiffi&ri$
sidn of this importance, Ww/i
and blue is the proper " ~ \\ml£ : '/yWgil
caper. If you don't want IIP ' '
blue, some prettii things in llfT mh
mixtures. To fit chaps be- W% • Wm
tween the ages of 8 and 16 S | ; i-Wi-:
years, made in the style as ra ||| . .^1
pictured opposite, a,i ' 1 | . '"'^a "¦
a ¦: :• :¦: : :¦¦: 'I-i-x-i-v^^-hh-h^-h-i-i-'M":-':-!-!":'-:-:"! ¦i:-i":; i i":-i"i- i i"i-:--i | i"i"i' o
Party Suits
J^ In Fine Tuxedos 7fo*~ Little Ctia,vs.
Tuxedo Suits for Yodng Men^dies : 15to
20 years, Long Trousers.
White Duck Long Trousers ? y
For young chnp?. Cel'?bratioy trousirs. you
know. Long trousers to fib chaps' up to 16 years.
The kind they'll need in the pdrade. Si .grade
of white duck; patent iurn-ups at the bottom;
allsiz^. :¦ :• •¦ \ .->
75 Ceni:s the F»air. *
Blue Serge Golf Gaps. y
Some 200 Blue Serge Go 1 f Caps, for little
<f-> chaps. What's prettier than, a Golf Cap, to be
-^ ::=:=^^£*& worn with a pretty pair cf white duck trousers,
' (f\/&\ and these serge caps are cf good quality. In
\'\4p- Oltr Big HatDept.ab . . . . : \..> ; . ; ;
*^i^ 15 Cents the Gap.
m i : : : : i : 1 1 1 :¦¦:¦¦:¦¦: miiiiii :..i..i..H..i..i..i":"i^-i":-X"i^"i"Xi;i"i"i"i"i"i-o
I©-SEND FOR OUR NEW CATALOGUE.-®