CAPTURE OF ANARCHISTS IN HOME
OF PRESIDENT SALLES OF BRAZIL
Lawson says he could not give his
friends any advance Information concern
ing this break for the simple reason that
he did not possess the Information; that
certain directors and insiders of the Amal
gamated Company sold their holdings pre
vious to the announcement of the cut in
the dividend.
In his opinion the cut in the dividend
was not compelled by any business neces
sity. Rumors to the contrary notwith
standing, says Lawson, he is not going to
fail, but is in a financial condition to meet
any exigencies which may arise.
STABBED BY STBANGER
ON SAN JOSE STREET
SAN JOSS, Oct. 13. — John Anderson, a
laborer from Milpltas, was fatally stabbed
in the abdomen, at 10 o'clock to-night.
While standing on the sidewalk ln front
of the Scandinavian Hotel, on El Dorado
street, three men drove up to the curbing
and without any provocation one of them
jumped from the vehicle and burled a
dagger in Anderson's stomach. Anderson
was taken to the Receiving Hospital and
the police are now looking for the men.
Anderson will die.
BEAUMOKT, Tex., Oct. 13.— Three new
Rushers have 'been added to. the list of
wells on Spindle Top. The Hogg-Swayne
Syndicate's No. 4 came in late last night.
=' The German-American Oil Company's
second well on Spindle Top came, in this
morning, spouting a steady stream of oil,
and the Houston-Beaumont Oil Company,
brought in a gusher late this afternoon.
The flow of oil from the latter, which was
allowed to escape through a horizontal
pipe, was tremendous, tearing loose one
joint of the hose on the air pipe and
throwing it asid# -'.,' v^
to him a loss of about $7,000,000.
He declares that he not only did not know
the break was coming, but had been in
formed that the rumor that the extra div
idend would be passed was without foun
dation; that he did not sell a share of
Amalgamated on account of the break;
that he holds at the present time more
than he had at the time of the break, and
that these holdings amount to more than
142,000 shares. . .
THBEE ITETW OZL GTJSHERS
STRUCK ON SPINDLE I TO?
BOSTON. Oct. 13.— In an interview
\u25a0 published here Thomas S. . Law
son says 'the recent break in
Amalgamated Copper represents
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
fragments. He was carried into a drug
store and his Injuries were dressed. Dr.
Rice, whose office was in the Commercial
Bank building, had his right hand badly
burned while moving personal effects
from his apartments. Jack Tudor was
also burned while trying to, get out his
store fixtures. There were several se
vere explosions during the height of the
flre. A big gasoline tank blew up with a
report that could be heard for miles. .
The property owners have signified
their intention of rebuilding immediately
and undoubtedly the new buildings will
be constructed of brick or other 'fireproof
material.- The only building that remains
standing between the railroad track and
the creek is the public library. This
seemed in danger at one time and all the
books '.we're taken out, but a change of
the wind at an opportune moment saved
the structure.
Cause Is a Mystery.
As yet : no satisfactory conclusion has
been arrived at as to the origin of the
conflagration. The theory of incendiar
ism is advanced by some, as there was no
fire kept in the building at that time of
night, but so far nothing definite has
been proved. - -
Great credit is due the firemen for
their successful efforts in: saving the
bridge./ Had this been, burned it would
have been a severe loss to the town, as
it affords the only connection over which
teams can pass between the east and
west side of town. This was the second
conflagration In the town's history. The
first occurred in July, 1891, when nearly
all of the business houses on the east
side of the bridge were destroyed. Since
that time the "greater part of the business
of the town had been transacted on the
west side. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0/.
Boston Man Says He -Was Given False In
formation by "Insiders" Before the
Recent Break in Prices.
LAWSON LOSES MILLIONS
IN AMALGAMATED COPPER
Among the buildings burned _ was the
Episcopal church. This edifice was
valued at about $2000. The Gibson block
and the Commercial Bank building were
among the -more prominent structures
burned. The Commercial Bank building
was valued at $12,000.
JList of the Losers.
The following is a list of the firms and
buildings which suffered, together with
an estimate of the losses:
South side of Main street: Chinese
dwelling, value $250, contents $50; Chinese
laundry, $150, contents $500; Landers' paint
shop, $400, contents $50; Bradbury's black
smith shop, building and fixtures, ?oOO;
Tisdale's stable,' building $2000, contents
$1000; Covert's real estate office, $50; Mil
ler's saloon, $1000; Austin's' real estate
office, $250; Commercial Savings Bank
building. $12,000; Drs. Rice and Bishop,
second floor occupants, $250 and $500 each;
Fletcher's real estate office, $100; Pepper's
meat market and" cold storage plant,
$2500; building, owned- by John Linden,
$1000; Martin's candy store, contents, $2C0,
building, owned by John Linden, and val
ued at $1000; Mark's general merchandise,
contents $300, building owned by John
Linden, value $300; Charles Wood's sec
ond hand clothing, $1000, building which in
cluded two stores, one of which was va
cant, valued at$500; Hunt's bakery, $1200,
building $1000; A. Giampolli's fruit and
grocery store, $500, building owned by W.
C. Shore, .$800; Williams' plumbing and
hardware store, $2000, building owned by
W. C. Shore, $1000; San Jose Water Com
pany, building and contents, $1000; Shore's
depot, $100; Vodden's shoe store, $100; Van
Meter's furniture establishment, S700;
Langford's paint and paper store, J250;
If. A. Wilder's grocery store, $1500.
No < fatalities marked the progress of
the conflagration. There were a number
of persons injured, however. The man
most seriously hurt is named Lloyd. He
wis awakened from sleep in a small
room over Wood's second-hand store and
found himself surrounded by flre. In
making his way to the street he was
frightfully burned about the head and
back and and had to be taken to the
County Hospital. A boy named See was
watching the fire when an ammonia tank
in Pepper's butcher shop blew up. The
boy was struck on both legs by flying
It took little 'more than one hour for
the flames to devour a dozen or more
business blocks, several manufactories,- a
livery stable, a church and many dwell
ing houses. The fire department was ut
terly powerless to cope with the flames
which, fanned by a strong southerly
breeze, leaped from one building to an
other and stopped only when practically
all the fuel at hanu had been exhausted.
Injured During the Fire.
business section of the town was
wiped out. The. fire swept everything on
both the north and south sides of Main
street from the Soutnern Pacific Rail
road tracks to the Los Gato.3 Creek. The
area covered by the fire is estimated at
about four acres. Property .variously
estimated in value at from $150,000 to
$200,000 went up in smoke and all that is
left to indicate where business blocks
once stood are charred timbers, smolder-
In? walls, a couple of brick ovens and
the Commercial Bank vault. Everything
else, even to the flre bell tower and the
bir twenty-pound bell, has disappeared.
LOS GATOS, Oct. 13.— This city was
visited by the' most destructive
fire in its history at an early hour
this morning, when 1 the entire
Two Hundred Thousand Dollars Estimated to Be the
Sum That Will Cover the Damage Caused .
by the Devastating Flames.
MAIN STREET. IN LOS GATOS, LOOKING EAST, AS THIS . PRINCIPAL THOROUGHFARE OF THE TOWN AP
PEARED BEFORE THE GREAT FIRE AT NIGHT WHICH DESTROYED ALL OF THE BUSINESS HOUSES AND
CAUSED A LOSS OF PROBABLY TWO HUNDRED THOUSAND DOLLARS.
' 4 • •
RACES ON THE ROCKS
IN A SHIPWRECKING FOG
Canadian' Pacific's Steamfr Hating Goes
Ashore at Jervis Island* but the .
Passengers Are Landed.
The steamer was going at half speed,
probably about nine knots, when she
struck. Her nose bunted up on shore
and she was too fast fixed to be pulled
off by her own steam. Captain Gosse
kept the passengers in perfect control
and they were immediately landed. It
was at low tide, and the stern of the
steamer sank in seven feet of water.
When the tide came in it was expected
that she would be entirely covered.
Within an hour after she struck a
boat's crew, in charge of Pilot Guns, was
dispatched to Vancouver. After rowing
«li night they arrived here late this af-
terday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
She now lies hard and fast on the end of
Jervis Island, forty-nine miles north from
Vancouver. She had 175 passengers from
the Klondike aboard and all of them are
now safely landed on Lasquetti Island.
The weather was extremely foggy at
the time of the accident. Captain* Gosse
was on the bridge and Chief Officer Neu-
Totros. late of the Islander, which sank
two months ago. was with him. The
channel is very narrow at this point and
It was impossible to see a dozen feet
through the fog.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Oct. 13.— The
Hating-, sister to the Islander of
the Canadian Pacific line of Skag
uay steamers, was wrecked yes-
Spedal Dispatch to T P e Cal1 '
ternccl. arci ' i ' :s evening: two steamers
ha • \u25a0* i ef a se " :t '° tne rescue. There was
nc rtCM.1*?!' '-'" : ? er f° r the passengers,
aj-.cJ t .«\u25a0:' " !Vlj! Probably all be in Van-
cower F-for« to-morrow.
Tfcf '{. iiri B was one of the finest boats
In thf- !•* ' r -'^ern service. She was put on
earlj : ,' ? > e:r by the Canadian Pacific
nith the Matder, which went to the bot
tom, feb* va - purchased in Shanghai for
$!35/v-i, ; il^' "ith repairs was considered
worth S2*> ( **"- She was 250 feet long: and
easily r« a "»<? the Skaguay trip at a speed
of sixt^ en knots per hour.
The l atest sports from the steamer are.
to the efTeot that a big hole has been dis-'
covere 4 ln : he bottom. It Is stated that at
high t lde lhe stern is under seven feet of
water-
VICTORIA, B. C. Oct. 13.-The steamer
Willa^ a lp « this evening to go to the
rescui* ot tye wrecked steamer Hating.
I^fge Fund Raised for Missions.
Xe' w YORK,' Oct. 13.— As a result of the
annu 8 -* missionary sermon preached to
day in the Gospel Tabernacle by Dr. A. B.
£imp son - themisslonary fund solicitor, the
fum '° r »60.ooo was collected during the
day. ' The meeting was the last of the
elevei 1 conventions that have been held
throughout th e United States. The whole
amou nt tnus contributed for missionary
purpi* es ls vfZ^Z. " asat * _^\
VOLUME XC-NO. 136.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY, OCTOBER 14/ 1901.
RUINOUS FIRE VISITS THE TOWN OF LOS GATOS,
DESTROYING A LARGE PART OF BUSINESS SECTION
T)ARIS, Oct. jj. — A telegram received. at Lisbon from Rid Janeiro asserts that . two Italians
j[r', zvere arrested Friday last in the corridor of the Presidential: palace by . ah < officer of the
guard. Both were armed with' revolvers and daggers. In Rio Janeiro it is believed thai
they are. anarchists and intended to assassinate. President Campos Salles. \u25a0
The San Francisco Call.The karat used in estimating the weight
of gems is a grain of Indian wheat.
There can be no Christian meeting with,
ou: Christ in the midst. fa n
Nothing is more profitable than prepa
ration. ! »-;:
LOS ANGELES. V3ct. 13.— Frank A.
Gibpon. cashier of the First Xatlonal
Bank and one of the best known bank
officials in Southern California, died to
day. • •
Frank A. Gibson.
At a meeting of the Veterans of the
Civil War Association held on Saturday
night It was decided to appoint a cam
paign committee of five to report at the
next meeting of the association the names
of such candidates as the association
would be likely to indorse. A- mass-meet
ing will be held before the. campaign is
over. ' ' . .\u25a0'/:\u25a0};\u25a0 :;';
Veterans to Select a 'Ticket.
Death of Imdwigr Altschul.
Ludwig Altschul, a pioneer of this
State/ oied at his residence, 2417 gutter
street, on Saturday, at the age of 67
years. He was formerly engaged in -the
wholesale liquor business, but of late
years has devoted his attention to his
real estate interests. His nephew
Charles, is manager of the London Paris
arti American Bank. Another nephew
aienard, is the cashier. His funeral wili
take place from the residence of Loui"
Falkenan. 2810 Clay street, at 3 o'clock to
morrow afternoon.
A runaway horse in Denver the : other
day finished his flight by landing in the
interior -of- a rapidly, moving -trolley car,
where he rode for nearly a block before
the vehicle could be stopped.
Court Ferrucio has arranged for an en
tertainment on the 20th inst. > ;
Foresters of America.
Court Barbarossa will give a ball on
the 3d of November to celebrate the ninth
anniversary of its institution. 7 *
; H. A. Gabriel and other grand : officers
will pay an official visit to. Court Sutro
Heights on the 14th. inst.
A new French court will soon be insti
tuted in'-. Oakland. It .was organized by
Past Chief Ranger Pedroid of Court Ver
bano. . . -•\u25a0."•.., >
Chinese Sign the Indemnity Bonds.
PEKING. Oct. 13.-The Chinese pleni-
Pctcntlaries to-day performed their last
- An investigation of the flues and valves
on the water supply, line shows that the
firemen had Jet the water get too low In
the' boiler and then fed in "cold water,
causing- the explosion. The ruined boiler
was the best in the battery.. ' - ;
CLIFTON. Ariz., Oct. 13.— "W. .W. Hor
gan, and F. A. Adamltz, firemen, were in
stantly killed and Harry Davidson. & con
verter engineer, and . Jose Antlvas, n
helper on the Allia engine, were painfully
injured this morning about 4 o'clock by an
explosion of the second boiler in the bat
tery of eight at the Detroit Copper Com
pany's smelter. \
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, Wash., Oct. 13.— Lord Sholto
Douglas, his two children and a nurse
were the victims of a runaway accident
to-day. With them was a 4-year-old son
of. Mrs. T. James, of • Seattle,' who sus
tained severe injuries which will cause
his death. The James boy was caught
underneath the carriage when it turned
over and his skull was broken in several
places. Lord Douglas, his children and
the nurse were only slightly hurt by
bruises. ; .'- . -.:
On account, of the fine weather Lord
Douglas- took the three children out to
drive. He had a rplrited team which be
came frightened at a street car.. The
horses started on a run, but no harm
vvwmu have resulted had they not made
a sharp turn around the corner at-Divi
sion and South Tacoma avenues. Before
Lord Douglas could prevent they - had
turned so suddenly as' to upset the car
riage, throwing air of its occupants into
the street. - .
Lord and Lady Douglas have been Uv
in 7. here for several rronths..
Special Dispatch to The Call.
W. H. Tetart of Chicago, acting for
New'York men, who will finance the deal,
has procured- the options. The Interests
behind the combination are those of J.
Pierpont Morgan. It will -take not less
than $5,000,000 to finance the deal. „.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Oct. 13.— The Ohio
State Journal to-morrow will say: The
combination of the bituminous coal in
terests of the interstate field is being
consummated rapidly. Already Indiana
and Illinois have entered it and the mines
of Ohio are rapidly being optioned by the
men who are promoting the trust. The
latest Ohio field on which options have
been procured is that of "Jackson and
Weldon, one of the largest in the State.
Carelessness 'of Smelter
Employes Causes
Disaster.
Morgan Will Soon Con
trol the Interstate
: Field.
Young- Nobleman, Chil
dren and a" Nurse
Are Injured.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 13.— Mrs. E. D.
<jlllesple, the great-granddaughter of
Benjamin Franklin and one of the city's
znost prominent women, died at her home
here to-day, aged 80 years. Her father.
William John L»uane. was Secretary of the
Treasury under President Jackson and
was summarily removed by the President
for refusal to comply with his order to re
move the public funds from the Bank of
the United States.
Mrs. E. D. Gillespie.
' CLEVELAND, Oct.' 18.— George W.
Howe, aged C3 years, a well known busi
ness man, an army officer and former sec
retary of the Cleveland National League
Baseball Club, died to-day of kidney dis
ease. He had been decorated with the
jtrder^of Franz Josef by the present Em
pcrcr of Austria-Hungary. Howe was a
t^in of George Howe, the inventor of the
truss bridge, and a cousin of Ellas Howe,
the inventor of the sewing machine.
George W. Howe.
MILWAUKEE. Wis.. Oct. 13.-Lansing
Warren, editor and publisher of the Mil
waukee Sentinel, died to-day of typhoid
fever after an illness of about three
weeks. Warren had been actively engag
ed in newspaper work for more than
twenty years, and previous to his con
nection with the Sentinel had been as
sociated with the Chicago Inter Ocean
and the Chicago Daily News. From 1851
to 18SS he was managing editor of the
\u25a0Denver Evening- Times.
Lansing Warren.
PARIS, Oct, 13.— L« Francais publishes a
dispatch from Susa, Tunis, announcing that
a Turkish officer was recently arrested
there on a charge of swindling and that
an investigation disclosed the fact that
he had received instructions fro'm the Ot
toman Minister of War to organize a ris
ing of the Arabs in South Algeria in the
event of the rupture of diplomatic rela
tions between France and Turkey, result
ing: in a declaration of war. It was con
clusively proved that his presence there
was due to those instructions.
According to the same advices the in
criminated officer is only one of several
who were entrusted with the same mis-
Receives Instructions to Organize a
Rising of the Arabs in South
Algeria.
TUB.KISH OFFICER' SENT
TO RAISE A DISTURBANCE
. CONSTANTINOPLE. Oct. 13.-M. Vine
vieff. Russian Kmba^sador to Turkey, hud
an audience with the Sultan Friday. The
conversation dealt with the deplorable sit
vatlon in the Mush district and the per
secutions and murders of Armenians. Th3
Embassador insisted that Turkey should
punish the guilty parties.
Demands Punishment of Murderers.
Wheat Crop Above the Average.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 13.— The Depart
ment of Agriculture announces that the
most important three estimates of the
world? wheat crop of 1301 so far made
egret's that the crop La larger than that of
either of the preceding two years. The
estimates follow: Hungarian Ministry of
.Agriculture, ZJOUSBt/M bushels of 60
pounds; Betrbohm corn list of London.
2.711.6O0.O00 buthels of 60 pounds, and Bul
letin DeF Ha lies of Paris, 2,793,810,000 Win
chester bushels.
CONNELLSVILLE, Pa., Oct. 13.— Black
damp to-day caused the death of John
Gilleland, a miner aged 50 years, and his
two sons— James and Winfield. aged 11
and 15 — at the mines of the Juanita Coke
Company, near Juanitaville. The bodies
were rescued, but in the effort John Nich
olson, mine foreman and John Baker, a
fire boss, were overcome by the damp and
are in a precarious condition. James had
climbed to the top of some boards sur
rounding the pit, which had- been aban
doned, when he was overcome by a sud
den gust of the fumes and fell in. The
brother went to his rescue, and not re
turning the father entered the pit. All
three were overcome' immediately and
were dead long before it was possible to
send fresh air into the shaft and attempt
Fall Into a Pit and Die Before Fresh
Air Can B*j Sent Into the
Shaft.
MINER AND TWO SONS
XHXED BY BLACK DAMP
EAST LiyE, RPOOIj> oh j Of Qct 13 _ A
city reservoir, Containing ten million gal
i?Si^ *7 f? urst to - day and caused
$lo0,000 damages^ No Uves were lost but
two score of peo, ple nad narrw escapes.
The reservoir w ;as i oca ted 500 feet above
.the _pumpins 8tato on on the highest hill
in the city. It waL onl co fnpi eted a few
aays ago and waf ter was turned lnt(J lt
for the ftrat tune, this morning. The
lts utmost -capacity,
and resulted in the wall glV ing way sud-
A number of houtL- flr(3 innate* r»n tha
hillside 1£tween tRf'^ervoir^ind 1 ne
th y £ ? P n ' h t en th e wall collapsed
Sld 0 t 0 th a %ll n q ?^f- d fet J 0 ?r?i rae Wh to
save themselves. J?fJ£ty y o t chndren
were playing in a r{ o^ rl^ ire o , r tlv cn n ld^"
Ef h £rfcn n 0 / 1 ;^ 1 Though cSught
by a portion of the rl lsnin ™ W ater were
rescued before being growled '
A gang of laborers r w hn w«»t-<» tav»*o
pipes in a ditch near tlJJ™ a ,J*^f IC J a >"j.f
way miraculously eW^^^J** ° ave
Dozens of large tree£ were torn f
their roots and carr!edr d J" e t S r hn N?d2
with lightning rapidltyr 0^ 1 ?-" 18^" 1 ™?
with terrific force, agaij^t !£! wal?s of
the Harker Pottery CmDanv^ Dlant
The main building of thi9°Sg n ?Vitf seVl
eral smaller structure| g pid w : a wlin h^yj
wrecked. Two larse kilns' - an d sheds were
dashed to pieces and $25,00<> a £^n of wlrl
ruined. The tracks of the. Cleveland a nrt
Pittsburg Railroad were wtth
thousands of tons of de^is and tmffir
is blocked. The streetcarVfj ""^"S™
parallel with the railroad. s«ff2red^BOTere
ly and traffic on a half mil^ the track
has been abandoned. The p D urnt>in~ \u25a0 *ta
tion. in the direct path of tS" 1 ".^? ta "
lilled with wrcekage and tlT® e b5ne/sS
badly damaged that they carrot | n used
Several houses were moved 1 "^^ "2^.
Icundations. I rrom thelr
TERRORIZE RESIDENTS
SOUTH OF MARKET STREET
Young Men Attempt to Rob a Stable -
man and One Is Subsequently
Captured.
George Fitzgerald, a florist. 30 years of
age. -was arrested yesterday by Police Of
ficers Small and Mitchell and chargetl
at the City Prison with attempted rob
bery. On Saturday night a crowd of men
about the same age went along 1 Howard
and Mission streets and the smaller
streets intervening, holding up a number
of people, who subsequently made com
plaint to the police.
Gus Rapp, a hostler employed In Un
daner's stable, on Howard street, between
Fifth and Sixth, was one of their victims.
He crossed the street in front of tha
stablea, and wa3 attacked by three men.
who fired several shots. Rapp was knock
ed down and his pockets were searched,
but nothing of value was obtained. Police
Officer Clark, who was notified soon aft
erward, found the gang later and gave
chase, but the men escaped. Rapp iden
tified Fitzgerald at the City Prison as one
of his assailants.
Three others, supposed to he members
of the same crowd, are under arreat, but
have not as yet been identified.
OVERTURNED CA3TDLE
v STARTS A BIG FIRE
In the Handball Cou r + S
Th handball games played y es terdav at
San Francisco Court resulted ' fo u ows:
J. Klrby and P. Talo.. 21 18 21 n '
E. Barry and D. Regan 13 j21 ji 5J ji
J. Scanlan and J. Conway , ~ .- „
G. Hutchinson and J. McDonald...'^ " JJ JJ yj
W. Williams and J.' Lawless j « -to 01
M. Joyce and M. McDonald £ l\ £ ji
p. McKinnon and H. RacouUIet...i 91 •„. „
M. McNeil and G. McDonald " j£ ij J5
T. Serres and J. Broyer... » »» „,
W. Johnson and G. Green '• £ i£ J£
E. J. Sweeney, and "W. H. Egan 21 14 ,. ., ,-
J. Ward and -W. Ward 17 21 ; jj Jj JJ
j. J. Kavanaugh and W. Walsh.. 21 K „ 91
H. H. Lissner and R. Longabach.. ll^i? 17 15
j. C- Nealon and J. Collins 1 ,,
W. Jlagulro and E. Curley /;;; \\ a =«
J. Collins, champion S1
j. C. Keaion •'• — « aces
*\u25a0-*\u25a0-* \u25a0 —^^— f
K. Curley ;.: t _„_
W. Stansbury J— % g£
The principal event at the <w, dent ,
Club Court was a 'game in whSp" 1 ! 1
Haynes and Al Collins beat ToS" ™~'
ents and W. Jacobs. The oth«, m iL 1^?:
resulted as follows: f r 6 a mes,
F. Quinn and W. Conovan „ .. „
V. Hayes and A. WoclbeL.' -\ J» jl
J. Horgan and D. Kelley L,
M. Duddy and XV. Murray =» j| =*
Dr- N. Wachhorat and C. Orr...... a . 1. „, „,
W. Rancell and C. J. Miller u *° ;t 21
.,. >i i'i n
G Kelley and W. Gatney. ..'.... 1!, _ «,
V. Holland and F. Holland 3 « jl
J. H. Kennealy and W. C. Reilly.. 21 19j „, „
J. Ennia and F. Howard 13 3? 21 21
. _ • . — — _ . 1 io 10
G. B. Hay wards and W. Fisher... 21 \L «. ..
J. D. .Mahoney and C. Barry ». j3 •{ \u25a0( «l
W. Collins and J. Walsh a '»
A. Hansen and F. Mullnux 16 , 21 21
Dtv R- Longerbache and J. Condon.. 7U
Ed Murphy and E. Antron 1? »ces
. "8 aces
F.:P. Hayne8 aud Al Collins 7I
T Clements and W. Jacobs """"jo aces
- \u25a0» \u25a0 " ac?3
Old Friends Announce Smokd-
The Society of Old Friends will L'
smoker to-morrow night at Old Fri
Hall, 14 "Third street.. President CK e ,
T. Conlan will preside and Harrp^? 3
roann will act as toastmaster. JNIe "
Barns in Butchertown Are Destroyed,
the Loss Amounting' to Several
,i?-*- Thousand Dollars.
An overturned candle In the barn of J.
Hall, corner of Kentucky street and First
avenue south, started a fire shortly after
midnight that for a time threatened, the
destruction of \Butchertown. Two alarms
were turned in from box 531 and as the
engines took up their stations on Butch
ers* bridge the -waters of tha bay gave
them plenty of material to cope with the
fire. v^i •: .v
Five large barns and a number of
smaller ones were destroyed.The principal
losers besides Hall were: J. D. Johnson
Poly, Heilbron & Co.; Merriman <fc davl
burg and B. Calles & Co. I* Sweeney
owner of one of the smaller barns, lost a
horse and buggy. As most of the ba-rs
were filled with hay the loss will reach
about 57000.
The firemen were greatly aided in their
work by the proximity of the bay, as
much of the burning hay was dumped
overboard. The scene of the fir© was a
dangerous one and only the most extra
ordinary efforts prevented its spread.
FIREMEN DIE
IN EXPLOSION
That Douglas contemplated a stern re
sistance to capture, only afterwards real
izing its futility, was shown when the of
ficers entered. Against the wall stood a
loaded double-barreled shotgun, with an
open box of shells beside it. In his hand
was a revolver, one shell discharged— the
ball that had pierced his brain. More
than fifty cartridges were in easy reach,
placed ready for rapid loading. The
pistol was not the same that had proven
so ineffectual in the hands of Aloha
Agnew. It was a late style, hammerless
weapon with an extra long barrel.
Drs. Van Dalsem and II. C. Brown are
attending the injured woman and child.
There are chances that both may recover.
Trepanning will be resorted to in order
to relieve the ' pressure upon Aloha's
brain. She was removed this afternoon
to the hospital and the operation will
take place to-morrow..
Crime of a Maniac.
That the crime was the act of a mad
man, temporarily Insane, is the most gen-
the city to cut off an escape by rail while
the balance took up the search of the
house and outbuildings.
v A locked carpenter shop was the last
place entered. • A window at the end gave
a fair view of the interior and several
times as the morning light increased the
place was surveyed from this point.
Deputy Bachc broke out a pane of glass
and attempted to force the window for
entrance, but found it impracticable and
sent to the Ridley house for the key to
tha door. Mr. Mason, one of the neigh
bors, secured the key and turned the
lock. As the door opened there was a
shot and Douglas fell from his place of
concealment to the floor, a bullet through
his temple. He had ended his crimes
with suicide.
LORD DOUGLAS
IN A DISASTER
"I have a statement to make," she said
t » the Sheriff, "but not till I am stronger.
Let this rest till then." Whe she became
aware of her husband's suicide, she said
"Thank God! He will never frighten me
again."
Mrs. Douglas refused to make any fur
ther statement to the Sheriff this evening,
but promised that later she would explain
matters fully. To one of the neighbors
she .said that she was awakened by her
husband- tightening a rope about her
neck and attempted to struggle. . He
struck her over the head with a heavy,
earthenware chamber and then beat her
with the bone. There are ten incisions,
some three inches long on her face, and
i her condition is critical.
crally accepted theory, although there
seems no evidence of any predilections to
insanity in Douglas He was a quiet man
and little is known of hi#; past." At the
inquest it was shown that his own ac
counts of his past are misleading and
mystifying. At different times he said he
came from Iowa, New York and Kansas,
and he told one witness three distinctly
separate stories of his past career. He
first came to Santa Clara County about
three years ago and married Mrs. Agnew
within a year. ...
Mrs. Douglas was the widow of Harry
Agnew, a. well-known breeder of fine
horses and at nis death she inherited a
r.:nch worth over $50,000 besides other
property. Douglas' first introduction to
the widow was in the capacity of a pur
chaser for some of the valuable horses on
lue ranch. The courtship was of only a
few weeks' duration and to-day Mrs.
Douglas said that she knew no more of
his past than the neighbors. She could
not tell his nativity nor give any inform
ation about him prior to the marriage.
OGDEN, Utah, Oct. 13.— Professor "Will
iam Robinson, formerly leader of the
Tivoli Orchestra, San Francisco, who
died suddenly here Tuesday, was buried
to-day from the Methodist Church. The
Pioneers of the Pacific conducted th»
services. The funeral was largely at
tended. The remains were escorted to
the grave in the City Cemetery by the
Ogdcn Military Band.
.Professor Robinson died practically
penniless, but he received respectable
interment through the kindness of friends
and the lodge of Pioneers of the Pacific,
of which he was a member.
Former Leader of the Tivoli Orches
tra Dies Almost Penniless
at Ogden.
PIONEERS OF THE PACIFIC
BURY PROFESSOR ROBINSON
SCRANTON, Pa., Oct. 33.— Another riot
occurred to-day In connection with the
streetcar strike, but again there -were
no very serious results. A big crowd as
sembled at the lower end of the South
Side line during: the afternoon and began
piling obstructions on the track. As cars
halted they were greeted with a fusil
lade of stones. A passenger, Mrs. Sam
uel Jones, and an Italian trackman were
cut by flyins glass. The arrival of a
squad of police put the mob to fight
The strikers issued a letter to the public
to-night appealing to their sympathizers
to refrain from all acts of violence and
content themselves with keeping off the
cars.
Squad of Police Puts Mob to Flight
Before There Is Any Serious
Damage Done.
SMAIX RIOT CATJSED
BY STREETCAR STRIKE
Considine made a statement to-night
to the effect that Sherman had threat
ened them before the shot was fired, but
as he was running at the time he could
not say how the shooting was done.
Mr. Sherman and his family were pre
paring to go a.broad, expecting to leave
to-morrow.
LEADV1LLE, Colo., Oct. 13.— The town
Is wild with excitement to-night -over tne
killing of one boy and the fatally wound
ing of two others this afternoon by Jesse
Sherman, a prominent ranchman residing
near Leadville, and who is among the
most respected residents of the place. He
caught a crowd of boys supposedly
poaching on his rabbit preserve, and
jumping from his buggy started after
them with a heavily loaded shotgun in
his hand. Sherman claims it was acci
dentally discharged while he was run
ning. Ed Dorringten, 16 years of age,
was instantly killed; Earl King, 17, was
shot through the right lung and is dying,
and James Considine, 14 years of age, was
fchot through the back and hips.
Sherman immediately brought the
wounded boys to town and then gave
himself up. He has been arrested on a
charge of murder. All of the boys were
running at the time of the shooting urvl
can give no account of it excepting to say
that he ordered them to halt.
There is considerable criticism here of
the recent statement? of Congressman
Weeks cf Michigan regarding Filipino
character and possibilties. Members of
the commission refer to his remarks as
"loo sweeping," and as "based upon too
fchort an experience."
The native press condemns the conclu
sions of Weeks as "unjust and viciously
false."
There is intense feeling among the na
tive's in San Fernando, province of Pam
panga. over the killing of a native by a
soldier. Strong patrols are out In both
San Fernando and Bacalor to prevent
hostile demonstrations.
Major Braganza. the insurgent officer
who ordered the execution of 103 Spanish
prisoners and personallv superintended
ihe carrying out of the order, has been
sentenced to he hanged.
MANILA. Oct. 13.— The military au
thorities have received word that General
Miguel Malvar, the Insurgent leader, is
believed to have left the province of
Batangas, Luzon, and to be planning en
operation in the province of Bulacan,
where insurgent conscription . has been
progressing rapidly. The country there is
mountainous and well adapted to guer
rilla warfare.
Captain Pitcher has practically stamped
uut insurrection in the island of Mindoro.
The police force at Banana, province of
Batangas, has been disarmed and. tiie
Ch\ef of Police and several others have
been placed under arrest on charges of
belonging to an insurgent society and us
ing their official positions to obtain in
iorraation for the insurgents.
Batangas Officers Are
Accused of Aiding
Insurgents. . .
tally Wounds Two
Others.
Kills One Lad and Pa-
Ten pillion Gallons Set
Free * by Bursting of
% a \ Reservoir.
RANCHER SHOOTS
YOUNG POACHERS
COMBINING ALL
COAL INTERESTS
c^.-S. few m «n«tes after 4 o'clock the
Sheriff s office received the telephone
message and a posse consisting of Sheriff
Langford, Deputies Bache, Starbird and
Arthur Langford went to the scene of
the crime. A hurried search was made of
the premises, but a near neighbor had
seen a horse and buggy answering the
description of Douglas, driving towards
San Jose, and consequently the posse was
divided. Two deputies hurried back to
Before the Sheriff's posse arrived Mrs
Douglas staggered, into the Ridleys' a
mass of blood, dragging her three-year-old
girl. Erma Agnew. A five-months babv
the child of her second husband, she had
been unable to bring, and it was still
peacefully sleeping in its cradle when the
Sheriff arrived.
Ridley and another neighbor hastened to
the nearest telephone, three miles away
to notify the Sheriff. As they left the
house, Aloha, wrote: "Let me know as
soon as you can if mamma is all right."
She has not spoken since the blow was
struck. Her tongue and the side of her
face are paralyzed, the fractured bones
of the skull having been forced upon the
brain.
*'l am afraid mamma is dying.. I am
afraid he will get away before we get-
Hurry. He knows 1 am up and gone.
!'l am afraid I am going to die before
I see mamma. I am afraid mamma is
dead. Get over before he gets away."
Summons for Officers.
"Mamma all cut with bone. Hurry up.
I started run and he made me set back
to bed. Mamma saw
Aloha, as soon as she knew the maniac
had gone, managed to get upon her feet
and somehow made her way to the near
est house, the Ridleys', an * eighth of a
mile away. When she fell against their
door she could not talk and was gasping
for breath. The rope was still tied about
her neck and had to be cut away. She
motioned for pencil and paper and while
still striving for breath, wrote in short,
broken sentences an outline of the horri
ble story. These memoranda are stained
with the blood from her wound.
Douglas \u25a0 used the great bone upon her,
striking such a blow that his weapon was
broken and splintered. The girl fell
to v the floor and the madman,
picking up a rope, pulled it about
her throat. Twice he wound it
around her neck, then knotted it, drawing
the ends so tightly that she could barely
breathe. She struggled to crawl away
but he forced her to the bed where his
battered wife lay. Then he left the room.
Early this morning Charles Douglas, a
rancher living about seven miles south
east of San Jose, entered his wife's room
and struck her with a large bone, the
femur of an ox or a horse. Blow after
blow was struck," Mrs. Douglas struggling
to escape from the pinioning bed clothes.
In the next room, Aloha, the daughter
of Mrs. Douglas by her first husband,
heard the crash and cries and rushed to
her mother's help. She knew where a re
volver lay, and she seized the heavy 43
caliber weapon. At the door she pointed
the weapon at her stepfather and pulled
the trigger three times, but it failed to ex
plode. Then she'srappled with the man,
so insanely bent on murder. She is not
a big child nor strong for her age, but
she fought like a ' tiger cub tor her
mother's life. \
SAN JOSE, Oct. 13.— Aloha Agnew,
fifteen years old. will be the he
roine of Santa Clara County, if
she lives: fdf she has made a fight
at the risk of her life to save her
mother from murder at the hands
of an insane man.
Special Dispatch to Tlie Call,
Bulgarian Authorities Move Against
Leaders of the Macedonian
I Committee.
LONDON, Oct. 13.— The Daily Tele
graph has the following dispatch from
Sofia, dated Sunday: "United States
Consul General Dickinson has received no
Instructions to pay the ransom for Miss
Stone. He is afraid a dangerous prece
dent would be created by payment. As
he is now fully convinced that the brig
ands' were merely instruments, acting
"under the instigation of the late members
of the Macedonian committee, he has
made strong representations to the Bul
garian Government, asking for the ar
rest of these instigators. Should this be
done, he says. Miss Stone would, doubt
less be released on payment of a mod
erate indemnity and assurance of free
dom from her captors. Some Macedonians
have, already been arrested here."
The Reuter Telegram Company has re
ceived the following dispatch from Con
stantinople, dated October IS:
There have been no further developments In
the case of Miss Ellen M. Stone, the abducted
American missionary.
It is rumored that Spencer Eddy, secretary
of the yntted States Legation in Constanti
nople, received a dispatch from Wash
ington advising him that a sum of money
which should suffice for the ransom would be
forthcoming.
The text of Reuter' s advice is axnbigu-
OUS.
ARRESTING INSTIGATORS
OF KIDNAPING PLOT
REDDING, Oct. 13.— News reached Red
ding to-night that an elderly man named
Mason is dying at Delamar from a pistol
j wound under the heart. He was shot by
| Jack Radley. At a dance last night Ma
son's wife danced with Radley against the
husband's wishes. A quarrel between the
men followed, culminating in Radley fa
tally shooting Mason. Radley is under ar
rest.
Fatal Shooting at Dslamar.
BISBEE, A. T., Oct. 13.— A telegram
from. Burt Mossir.an, captain of the
rangers, to a member of the company of
this county camped at Naeo, says a fight
has occurred between a ranger force and
outlaws on Black River, Graham County.
One ranger was killed and another
wounded. The outlaws escaped, coming
south. Four rangers left Naco last night
to intercept them.
Rangers Fight With Outlaws.
RUSHING WATERS
INUNDATE HOMES
VIENNA, Oct. 13.— The consent of Em
peror Francis Joseph having been ob
tained, announcement was made to-day of
the betrothal of Archduchess Elizabeth,
daughter of the late Crown Prince Ru
dolph, to Prince Otto Windish-Graetz. His
Majesty, whose permission was only se
cured after much persuasion, will for
mally announce the engagement to-mor-i
row at a family dinner at Schoenbrunn
Prince Otto is a lieutenant of Uhlans
fe belongs to an ancient but poor family
ld while the marriage will not be re
irded as morganatic, the Archduchess
ill certainly wed beneath her. Their ac
quaintance was made at a court ball two
y^rars ago. It is quite a love match. The
Arjchduchess, who refused to marry any
a^A J^c 1114111 of ner choice, is beautiful.
5?«JJ 8 years of age. Prince Otto is ten
yeai>3 older.
Emperor Francis Joseph, After. Much
Persuasion, Gives His Consent
» to the Marriage.
ABCHDTJCHESS TO MARBY
A LIEUTENANT OF- UHLANS
DISARM POLICE
FOR DISLOYALTY
William Fuller will pay the costs of the
suit and a cash sum besides and Landis
\u25a0will deliver the note to him. Fuller ac
knowledges that he believes the note to
be £-enuine.
The recent trial in Oroville created in
tense excitement on account of its strik
ing features. Dr. Landis. a prominent
practitioner. presented the note to Alfred
Fuller's executors and it was rejected on
the ground that it was a rank forgery.
During the Fubseouent suit several ex
perts swore that the Fuller signature was
forged. The jury found a verdict against
Landis. who obtained a r.cw trial.
REDDING, Oct. 13.— The famous suit of
Dr. A. J. Landis of Chieo against the es
tate of the late Alfred Fuller, the Butte
County pioneer, for recovery on a note
for fla.ODO. alleged to have been given by
Fuller, has been finally settled. William
Fuller, the half-breed son of the pioneer,
buys the note from Landis for a secret
consideration and all proceedings are dis
missed. - "
Takes Up Ncte Which Estate's Ex
ecutors Alleged "Was a
Forgery.
ALFRED FULLER'S HEIR
SETTLES WITH LANDIS
The wreck of the Manchester apparent
ly, occurred during ihe season when it
doesn't rain and water is unobtainable on
many small islands. It is "believed that
Captain* Clemens/ his' wife and crew
pushed off again on being unable to find
water on Bikar Island and were lost be
fore reaching an inhabited island, as
nothing' has bsen heard of . them. The
body oftone sailor was found in some
bushes near the shore of Bikar Island.
A small schooner engaged in trading
among the Marshall Islands came across
wreckage on Bikar Island, a small, unin
habited-bit of land, which proves that the
Manchester was. wrecked in that vicinity.
Parts of doors, : wreckage bearing the
ship's name and many cases of kerosene
were scattered along the beach. : - -
There were also unmistakable signs that
the island had been visited by Captain
Clemens, his wife, children and crew.
These signs included footprints and. marks
of the keels of rowboats in the sand. The
footprints of a woman and two children
were plainly marked. . There were also
found bodies of blrd3 which had been
sucked for their blood, evidently to allay
thirst. .
TACOMA, Oct. 13.— The steamship.Glen
roy, which arrived to-day, brings news
from Hongkonsr of the British ship.Man
chester,, which sailed from New York last
year for Yokohama with kerosene and
was not again heard of.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Gangs of men have been at work since
ecrly morning back-firing and fighting it
in every way in an endeavor to keep it
from the house, and now since the wind
of the afternoon has died down their
efforts are more successful. The flames
are within half a mile of the town itself
now, and if the wind rises during the
night the consequences may be very seri
ous. The nre to-day destroyed a large
area of timber land on both the Jacka
and \u25a0 Doud - tracts, and the loss will be
very greats Last night a new fire started
on the . Pacific. Improvement Company's
saventeen-rnile drive reservation. It was
caused by the dropping and rolling of
burning pine cones and burned over a
large territory, evrn reaching : the main
gate at the town of Carmel Hill. It wa3
controlled before crossing the drive.ihow
ever, and has done little injury to the ap
pearance of this famous roadway. The
fire is now fairly under control on the
company's property except in one place,
about two miles back of Pacific Grove,
and there it has jumped on to the hill
top on the Gomez ranch and near the
ranch house. The danger is great, since
the hill is covered with timber and brush
and a fair wind is driving cinders in the
direction of the town. The flames are
running rapidly down the hill and many
believe they will reach the lodge gate at
the entrance of the seventeen-mile drive
before morning.
MONTEREY, Oct. 13.— The forest flr»
that has been raging: in the hills back" of
this town and Pacific Grove for the past
few days has broken out afresh In sev
eral places, though practically under con
trol in others! and is now more dangerous
than ever. To-day it 4s burning fiercely
on the fJoud tract, back of Monterey, and
is very near the home of Artist Charles
Kollo Peters. . '
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 13.— In well in
formed Catholic circles here it is believed
that the next consistory of the Catholic
church at Rome will be held In February,
when Pope Leo XIII attains the twenty
fifth year of his pontificate. It is thought
likely that this assembly will open the
jubilee to signalize the closing of the
quarter-century of Pope Leo's regime,
and that he w.'ii take advantage of It to
deliver an allocution, taking a strong po
sition on the question of assassination
among other tilings.
Cardinal Martinelli will remain In office
here until about the time for the consist
ory. It is quite likely that he will be as
signed in Home to the congregations of
the 1 holy omVe known as the "inquisi
tion." which watches the morals and dis
cipline of the church, and the propaganda,
which deals with the propagation of the
faith.
Cardinal Martinelli and two or three of
the newly created Cardinals will receive
the red hat at the coming consistory.
BALTIMORE, Oct. 13.— The Sun to-day
prints the following:
The Sun has been for some time in posses
sion of information gained from one in close
touch with the Vatican that no new Cardinals
will be created at the coming consistory; but if
any names are presented no prelate in the
United -States will be honors. This informa
tion is in harmony with what is said to be
the intention of Pope Leo that no other Amer
ic-an Cardinal will be created as long as Car
dinal Glbbcns lives.
According to the report brought by the
Manauense her officers were informed as
the steamer lay at the wharf at Dutch
Harbor that three sealers lying in the
stream and guarded by the cutters Bear.
Pathfinder. Wheeling and Seward had
been captured inside the_J.hree-mile limit.
The names of the vessels v.-ere not learn
<id. nor wa-s any detail of the capture ob
tained by those on the Manauense.
The first vessel of the Victoria sealing
lleet to reach por» is now on her way in.
She is the. Florence M. Smith, with twO
skins. She brings news of eleven other
schooners of the twenty-four vessels in
the Bering Sea fleet, ail of which have
lower catches. The vessels speken by
the Florence VL Smith and their catches
are as follows: Zillah May. 43S skins;
Geneva: 33G skins; Penelope. 450: Otto. 50*5;
Triumph. 40fi; Beatrice. 145: Sadie Turpcl.
1ST; Annie EL Paint. SCO: Victoria, 2V);
Enterprise. 2CC; Ainoka. 235.
VICTORIA. B. C, Oct. 13.-News was
brought to-day by the steamer Manauense
from Dutch Harbor of the seizure of
three British of the Victoria fleet
in the Bering Sea.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Steamer Manauense Brings
News of the Fleet in
the North.
Next Consistory of Catholic
Church in Rome to Be
Held in February.;
Light Is Shed on the Mystery
of a Ship's Disap
— - - pearance. -
A Vast Territory Furnishes
Costly Fuel for Fierce
Flames.
Will Take Strong Posi
tion on Question of
Assassination.
Renewed Alarm Caused
by Burning Brush
Near Monterey.
Evidence of Footprints of
Shipwrecked Persons
* on ah Island.
dealers in United States
Custody at Dutch
Harbor.
LEO TO DELIVER
AN ALLOCUTION
CUTTERS SEIZE
BRITISH SHIPS
SIGNS IN SAND
OF A TRAGEDY
FIRES ENCROACH
ON THE TOWN
\u25a0 • \u25a0 \u25a0 - . \u25a0.\u25a0•••\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1901.
Maniac Rancher
Nearly Kills
Family.
WEAKENED BY CRUEL WOUNDS,
A CHILD TRAVELS AT NIGHT
TO SAVE HER MOTHER'S LIFE
SANTA CLARA COUNTY RANCHER, WHO COMMITTED SUICIDE, THE
/ "WIFE HE ATTEMPTED TO MURDER AND THE HEROINE WHO
RAN TO A NEIGHBOR'S HOUSE FOR 'ASSISTANCE.
2BRITISH SHIP ArSTRALIA IN A HEAVY GALE OFF SOUTH AMERICAN COAST. THE VESSEL BROUGHT A
VERY VALUABLE CARGO OF WINES AND SPIRITS HERE. AN"D DESPITE THE STORMS PASSED
THROUGH. THE DAMAGE TO GOODS WAS ALMOST NOTHING.
Big Crowd of Discharged Soldiers and Civilians Await=
ing Chance to Get Back Home.
GRANT TO BE RECOMMISSIONED
AND ORDERED AGAIN TO MANILA
Steamer Movements.
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 13, 1901-5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls, to
date, as compared with those of same date
last season, and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours:
Last This Last
Stations— 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Kureka 0.00 4.29 2 65
Red Bluff 0.00 1.93 2.09
Sacramento 0.00 0.56 0.68
San Francisco 0.00 0.82 l.H
Fresno 0.00 • 0.67 0.43
Independence 0.00 0.77 0 84
San Luis Obispo 0.00 0.23 1.31
Los Angeles 0.00 0.12 0.18
San Diego 0.00 0.06 0.08
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
80; minimum, 61; mean, 70.
THE COAST RECORD. "
o g g o >c
i \ ss^iis & I
stations. 3 !ai[M& |o :l
•y : S : a 3 § g""* 5*
n : •* : p- ;i £
,'•::• '• a*
Astoria 29.94 74 54 E Clear 00
Baker 30.06 72 38 NW Clear !oo
Carson 30.06 74 36 NB Clear .00
Eureka 29.96 66 54 SW Cloudy 00
Fresno 29.86 94 58 SW Clear "oo
Pocatello, Idaho.. .30. 10 68 36 SW Pt Cldy .00
Flagstaff 30.12 66 30 E Clear .00
Independence 29.90 82 54 SE Clear 00
Los Angeles 0.00 0.12 010
Phoenix 29.82 94 56 SE Clear "oo
Portland 23.94 76 50 W Clear 00
Red Bluff 29.88 92 64 SE Clear .00
Roseburg 29.94 78 50 E Clear 00
Sacramento 29.86 88 60 NW Clear 00
Salt Lake 30.10 66 40 NW Clear 00
San Francisco 29.90 80 62 W Clear 00
Seattle 30.00 66 42 N Pt Cldy 00
San Luis Obispo.. .29. 88 96 46 N Clear 00
San Diego 29.84 66 64 NE Pt Cldy .00
Spokane 30.04 70 34 NE Clear 00
Neah Bay 30.00 60 .. E Pt Cldy 00
Walla Walla 30.02 72 46 SW Clear 00
Wlnnemucca 30.02 76 36 SW Clear 00
Yuma 29.78 98 58 NW Clear .00
Temperature at 7 a. m., 64 degrees.
WEATHEE CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Clear weather prevails over the Pacific slope,
except foggy along the Northern California
coast. The pressure has fallen rapidly over the
northern portion of the Pacific slope and slowly
over the southern.
The temperature has fallen along the coast
of Northern California from the vicinity of San
Francisco northward. In other portions of the
Pacific slope the changes have been slight. In
the great valleys of California the temperature
was generally, above 90 degrees. •
Conditions have been most favorable for fruit
drying and' raisin making.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, October 14, 1901:
Northern California— Fair Monday. except
foggy along the coast in the afternoon; not so
warm: fresh southwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday, except
foggy along the coast at night; light west wind
Nevada— Fair Mqnday; light northerly wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday
morning, becoming foggy in the afternoon and
night; not bo warm; fresh west wind. •
G H WTT T QOM
\u25a0 Local Forecast Official.
ARRIVED.
Sunday. October 13.
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, 56 hours from Coos
Bay.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson. 22 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, 16 hours from Rock
port.
Schr Bender Bros. Wetzel. 40 houra from
Point Arena.
Bchr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega-
SAILED.
Surday. October 13.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego.
Stmr City of Puebla. Jepsen. Victoria and
Port Townsend.
Stmr Westport, Ericssen, Bear Harbor.
Stmr Mackinaw, Llttlefleld, Tacoma.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, llendocino.
Stmr Gualala. Genereaux, .-
Stmr Czarina, Seaman. Seattle.
Bark Hayden Brown, Asplund, Sydney.
Schr Volant, Halveson, Port Gamble.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Oct. 13—10 p. m.— Weather
foggy, wind west; velocity 8 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND-Sailed Oct 13-Shlp Ser
via. from Sydney; ship Hastings Mill, for Syd
ney: ship Hecla. from Whatcom, for Sydney
ST. MICHAEL— Sailed Oct 1— Br stmr Man
auense, for Seattle. .
CAPE NOME— Sailed Oct 1-Stmr Centennial,
for Teller; Sept 30— Stmr Newsboy, for Seattle.
In port Oct 1— Stmrs Elihu Thomson. Portland
and St. Paul.
SEATTLE— Arrived Ocf 13— Brig Courtney
Ford, from Port Townsend.
TACOMA— Arrived. Oct 13— Schr Philippine,
from San Pedro. *"\u25a0"\u25a0
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Oct 12— Schr Lucy,
from L'mpQua. Sailed Oct 13— Schr O M Kel
lojrc for Eureka.
ASTORIA— Sailed Oct 13— Br bark Falls of
Halladale and Br ship Samoena, for Queens
town: schr Lena Sweasey, for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Iaqua,
hence Oct 12. Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Alliance,
for Astoria: stmrs South Coast and Eureka,
for San Francisco.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Sesostris.
for San Francisco; stmr St. Denis, for. Ense
nada.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Zee
land, from Antwerp, for New York; stmr Bre
men, from Bremen, for New York. r
LIZARD— Passed Oct 13— Stmr Minneapolis,
"from New York, for London.
BREMEN— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Grosser
Shipping Intelligence.
There were 5151 constables in Scotland
in 1900, or one to every 847 persons.
When the car was finally opened a
tramp was found lying helpless upon the
chunks of silver lead ore. He asked for
a drink and a biscuit. - After they were
given him, he explained that he had been
in Galveston, Texas, and in the latter
part of. September he became filled with
a desire to get out. Seeing the car door
open he crawled in, and since that- timv>
had been unable toget out." The 'seal -on
the car showed, that it had been closed on
September 30, so the man had been thir
teen days without j food or \u25a0 water.
DENVER. Colo.. Oct. "l3.-Strange
noises inside an ore car standing- on a
sidetrack in the railroad yards at Pueblo
led to an investigation yesterday. A
Federal official had to be sent ffom Den
ver, as the car was locked with'the Gov
ernment seal. • \u25a0 \u25a0 ..-• : .-•
Imprisoned in a Freight Car on
Which He Was Stealing a Ride "
to Denver.
TRAMP GOES TWO WEEKS
. WITHOUT FOOD OB WATER
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. From. ' I Due.
Milton San Diego Oct. 14
Homer Humboldt Oct. 14
Progreso Seattle Oct. 14
Eureka Humboldt Oct. 14
Empire Coos Bay Oct. . 14
Sonoma Sydney &. Way Ports.. Oct. 14
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Ports Oct. 1$
Rival Wlllapa Harbor Oct. 14
Rainier Seattle & New What.. Oct. 15
San Pedro Humboldt Oct. 15
Corona Redondo & Way Ports Oct. 15
America Maru China and Japan Oct. 15
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael. ... Oct. J5
Tellus Oyster Harbor Oct. 16
Australia Tahiti Oct. 16
Sesostrls Hamburg & Way Pts. Oct. 16
Matteawan.... Tacoma Oct. 16
San Juan Panama & Way Ports Oct. 17
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Oct. 17
G. W. Elder... Portland and Astoria.. Oct. 17
Crescent City. . Crescent City Oct. 17
Grace Dollar. . San Pedro Oct. 17
Pomona Humboldt Oct. 17
Pcint Arena... Point Arena Oct. 17
North Fork \ Humboldt Oct. 18
Mandalay Coquille River Oct. 18
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports Oct. 19
Lee.lanaw New Tork via Panama Oct. 20
Loa Valparaiso & Way Pts Oct. 21
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay.. Oct. 21
TO SAIL,.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
October 14.
Hyades N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier 38
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
October 15.
Arcata C. Bay & Pt. Orrd. 4 pm Pier 13
Coptic China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Columbia Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
October Hi.
Empire Coos Bay 4 pm Pier 13
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
October 17.
San Pedro.... Humboldt 10 am Pier 2
Rival Willapa Harbor 5th St.
Corona Redondo & Way.. 11 am Pier 11
Arequipa Valparaiso & Way. 12 m Pier 10
October 18.
Rainier Seattle & N. What 5 pm Pier 2
Walla Walla. Pueet Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Acapulco Panama & Way.. 12 m PMSS
October li>.
Point Arena. Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
Argyll N. Y. via Panama 2 pm Pier 38
October 20.
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. W r . Elder.. Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
FROM . SEATTLE.
Steamer. From. Due. •
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 14
Bertha Valdez & Kodiak Oct. 15
Dlrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 15
Dolphin Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 16
City of Seattle. Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 20
Farallon Skaguay & Way Ports. Oct. 20
Weather Report.
LONDON, Oct. 13.-The outlook for the '
money market is now fairly easy. The
rate of discount. outside the Bank of Eng
land last week did not go above 2 per cent,
and settling day, thanks to generous Gov
ernment dividend disbusements, passed
without a strain. There Is a strong-proba
bility, however, that Paris will soon de
mand a considerable portion of the gold
of which London has had the use for some
time.
The Stock Exchange closed with a rally
during the last three days of the week
after a decidedly unpromising opening
The recovery followed the upward turn
in Wall street, which was the only bright
spot on the horizon.
There was but little of interest in tho
fluctuations of the week. Canadians were
bought with some freedom. Mexican Na
tional improved slightly. The Speyer "re
organization plans were responsible for
this. The American section rose generally
on the talk of a compromise of some sort
which is believed to be imminent in con
nection with the Northwestern lines,,
thereby releasing large amounts of money
heretofore tied up by the Northern Pacific
dispute.
While the immediate conditions of the
Stock Exchange are rather stagnant and
negative, a look into the future shows
but small cause for optimism. The Statist
in the course of a long article on the trade
outlook, takes the Government severely to
, task for mismanagement and for not look
ing the South African situation squarely
in the face. It predicts a- further depre
ciation in securities, owing to the decreas
ed earning capacity and the increased ex
penditures.
The fact that Russia is only keeping her
factories going by Government contracts
Indicates, In the opinion of the Statist, a
poor continental market for British pr6d
uts with increasingly keen competition
because continental manufacturers are
forced to sell at most any prices they can
get.
On the other hand, the Government must
apply for further funds, the Statist be
lieves, to carry on the operations in South'
Africa; while the mere fact that Great
Britain has begun the third year of a
seemingly endless war adds to the eloom
of an outlook already cheerless I
« BE i RL^i, Oct ' J 3 T'^ ftcfr th^ brief re
vival which marked the previous week "
begins the Frankfurter Zeitung's Bourse
report, "there followed last week complete
depressions and despondency, worse than '
had been thought possible. The hopes
which many had begun to cherish again
proved deceptive. Neither in industry nor '
anywhere else was the slightest trace of
permanent improvement perceptible On
the contrary, such strikingly bad 'news
came that there is absolutely no cause for
wonder that universal despondency is in
creasing."
The bad news referred to was the re
duction of dividends or the passing of
them by many first class companies in the
iron trade. Such Instances are multlply-
The production of raw sugar during Sep
tember was 63,189 tons, as compared with
38,183 in September. 1900, and that of re
flned sugar was 48,535 tons, as comtmred
with 35.900 in September of last vear Th*
Central Blatt Fuer Die Zucker JndKtrl es
timates Europe"s production as follows-
Germany 2.125,000,000 tons; ' Austrin i
225,000,000 tons, France 1,190,000 000 tons"
Russia 1.000,000.000 tons, Belgium 35 000 000
tons. Holland 200.000,000 tons, and other
countries 450,000,000 tons; total fi K40 nnnTWi
tons, as against 6,069,000,000 tons last 'Tear
The improvement in the sugar market
continues.
South African Situation
Shows Small Cause
for Optimism.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au"
thorlty of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minute's later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
MONDAY, OCTOBER 14.
Sun rises 6:17
Sun sets 6:35
Moon eets 6:41 p. m.
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. | i Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W L W
14 ... 0:58 4.6 5:44 2.S 12:04 5.5 6:39 0.3
15 ... 1:44 4.4 6:15 2.6 12:30 5.4 7:17 0.3
16 ... 2:30 4.3 6:50 3.0 1:01 5.2 8:00 0.3
17 ... 3:21 4.2 7:31 3.2 1:3? 5.0 8:45 0.4
18 ... 4:16 4.2 8:26 3.2 2:19 . 4.9 9:36 0.5
19 ... 5:09 4.2 9:39 3.2 3:16 4.7 10:31 0.6
20 .. 6:01 4.5 11:01 3.2 4:28 4.6 11:301- 0.7
NOTE: — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides^jf the
day in the order of occurrence as to "time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are in ad
dition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
Elpn precedes the height, and then the number
given ls subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference is the mean of
the lower low waters.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs E M Foulkes.Utah G P Aker & w Vacavl
Miss J Drake, Iowa | W N Ketchum, Chicag
J B Fitzgerald & w.iF J "Wane, Oregon
_ 1 * e Yf d a V Bregnole. Sutter Crk
C B Robinson, NX C F Craver, Chicago
B F Brethens, NY H J Curry & w Cal
H A Esehelung, Gilroy I A Collins, N J
Mrs D H Ettlen, LAnjJ McCartney, Cal
Miss L Ettien, Ls AngjD Leppo, Santa Rosa
Miss D Ettlen. Ls Ang A H Schnabel, Cal
S Phillips, Los An? Mrs H W Benson, Cal
0 H White, NY G L Stark, Cal
Miss E E Rupp, Cal S M Barstow, N Y
Miss H Rose, Sn Diego : F N Thallon N Y
Miss E P Dassett. Cal ' F Lyman. Sacto
? « J?, !ess> Grid l s y I E Houseman. England
J H Glenn, Bakersfield ! S C French, England
w A Hawley & w, Cal A A Bear. Phila
A Penny, Los Gatos IC A Vallane, NY
»JI SS £ Nelmeyer. Call Mrs A M. Warren, Nev
w ls^l. Bellby ' Ls Ang Mrs R.Meachma, Nev
1 rT Slsser > st Joseph , Mrs A Thompson Nev
S C Lpson & w, Ga iMrs K H Cowles Nev
J B Ward, Paso Robls Mrs A Bram, Los Ang.
Dr B A Plant. Sta Crz E R Bailey, San Jose
C Richards & w, Dlxn H F Lynch, S L Oblso
D Dwyer. Utah . T C Osmus, Car.;./-
Mrs.C.P Daly. Havana W S Servls & w. Cal
Miss D Reynolds, Cln H Bell. Los Angelea
Miss C B Wasson, N Y F Trescow, Crockett
Bishop A Kozleroskl, C M Blanchard Phila
Chicago F N Phillips. N Y
A S Loszozzerski. Ill T Rutledge. Colusa
T J Gavlgan. Worcestr E W Steele, S L Obisp
J Farley, New York
PALACE HOTEL.
J B McCune, Boston R J Laws & w. Haw-
V\ H Seamans, Sacto thorne
Col & Mrs D D Wheel- Miss E V Leigh D C
«r. US A Mrs W Adams, 'Boston
£ w « yle> U S A Mrs J B Bradt. Boston
G W Mather, USA Mrs P Bass. N Hamp
C S Roberts, Phila Mrs T Jefferson N Y
C O Wood, Oakland H W Bloodgood & w
O P Jenkins, Stanford St Louis
K H Ward. Oakland Count Luxburg. N Y
C B Dewus, Sacto E M Levy N Y
A Haithwaite, N Y W G Coyle, N Orleans
S Hebel. Chicago Miss K Coyle, N Orlns
A J Huston, Cleveland W G Gosslln, Portland
B Sherman, Los Ang L A Crane, S Cruz
F I Herron, Los Ang P L Williams, S Lake
J W Coady, NY H E Calleran. Denver
C B Richards & w, R E Scott, Manila
Wyoming E R Cramer & w. Mo
Mrs J N Dolph. Ptland H W Smith, D C
Mrs Rew, England L G Relnburg, D C
Miss Rew. England Mrs H B Wilson, Cal
Dr Casper & w. Daw- Miss R Wilson, Cal
son Miss G S Chapman, Pa
Mrs J J Bush, NY E B Colby, N Y
H C Bush, NY B C Flowerdew Jr.
Miss E Brooks, N Y New York
L M Semple, Cal H N Thompson, N T
G S Holmes, w & ch. H Joly Germany
Salt Lake A J Edeett & w. Pa
H H Arrel. Los Ang E Fresche, Milwaukee
L G Charlton, NY AM Kitchen & w, Chg
G W Easton & w. Cal Dr T Flint & v w. Cal
A Hazelton, N Y I Miss Harney. Omaha
S Borman. NY J S Williams, S Lake
C G Cross, NY It B Bond, Lakeport
G Funge, NY J w Edmaisen, Chgo
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
THE United States army transport
Grant is not going Into retirement
after ail. On her arrival here
from Manila a few weeks ago she
v.ent cut of commission and all
her stores were sent ashore. m Nearly all
of her crew was put aboard the Thomas,
snd it was generally understood that re
pairs and alterations to the extent of JWO,
000 were to be made to the vessel.
It now transpires that there are nearly
1000 discharged soldiers and civilians
awaiting transportation from the Philip
pines to the L'nited States and there are
no vessels to carry them. The Thomas
Falls irom here next Wednesday, but the
Kilpatrick v.ill be sent East as soon as
fhe reaches Manila on her next run, as
v.ill also the Meade. There was therefore
nothing for the Government to do but put
the Grant hack into commission. Tem
jmrarv repairs will be made to the ves
sel arid she will get away for the islands
about November 1.
Chief Steward Herbert of the Grant and
nearly all his men are now on the Thom
as, while the deck hands and firemen
have been paid off. A new crew will have
to be engaged and the supplies put back
aboard before the vessel can go to sea.
Luck of Ship Australia.
The British ship Australia, which ar
rived here from Antwerp on August SO
last, has played in great good luck. Dur
ing the voyage the vessel was caught in
a succession of storms and once she was
under two lower topsails. This was in
the Pacific and the gaJe lasted thirty-six
hours. In spite of storms and adverse
winds the Australia made the run in 124
days. On her arrival Captain Korff
found tl-e strike in progress, but, nothing
daunted, he went to work and discharged
the cargo himself. It consisted almost
wholly of wines, spirits, cordials, bitters
and mineral waters, valued at more than
J'l^O.<viO, and yet the breakage was almost
rMtthtnjCi and the clerk -who tallied the
cargo says It came out In better shape
loan any similar shipment that has come
here in years.
Ths Australia is one of fifteen vessels
owned by P. Denniston & Co. of Glasgow.
Strange "to say, all the masters save one
are Germans, the exception being -a
Welshman.
To Wreck the Pyrenees.
Captain L E. Thayer, the marine sur
veyor, and a party of wreckers will leave
liere on the 24th inst. on the mail steam-
Ehip Australia for Tahiti. From Papeete
they will go to Manga Reva. and attempt
to get the British ship Pyrenees off the
beach and into deep water.
The Pyrenees left here the beginning of
the year for England with a cargo of
•wheat. The cargo caught fire and the
captain ran for Pitcalrn in the hope of
obtaining assistance. The islanders could
rot help him, but one of their number
\u25a0was eer.t to pilot the burning ship to
Manga Reva, where she was beached.
The crew escaped and some of them went
to Australia, while the remainder came to
Can Francisco. Some months after the
<Heaster the wreck was sold at auction
and purchased by Kschen & Minor of this
city. The owners refused to confirm the
sale and are now making a movement to
vard salving the vessel themselves.
Improving- Sausalito Ferry Service.
Th Eausalito ferry service Is now In
splendid shape for the winter. The steam
er EauEalito, after a thorough overhaul-
Ing, went back Into commission again
yesterday. She was not on the regular
run, but took out an excursion party. To
day she v.ill take up the San Rafael's
time-table and the latter vessel will go
Into retirement. Her new boilers have
been ready for months and they \u25a0will be
put in at once and an electric light plant
Installed. When her overhauling is com
pleted the San Rafael will be the fastest
and most comfortable ferry steamer on
the bay. As soon as the San Rafael is in
oomroisslon ag^aln the Tamalpals will
Jiave her furnaces fixed to burn oil.
Water Front Notes.
Two French sailors from the Colonel fie
Vlllabois Mareull nad a gray time of it
along tne front yesterday. They finally
decided to visit their compatriots on the
Marechal de Turenne, lying at Green
street. While trying to g-et aboard one of
them slipped and fell on a fender and
from there into the water. He was fished
out and taken to the Harbor Hospital,
•where his bruises were dressed.
T he Oceanic Steamship Company's So-
Tior. i will be due from the colonies to
day. She brings from Australia nearly
53.000,0-jO in English sovereigns.
The Toyo Kis*>n Kaisha's America Maru
Is scheduled to arrive from the Orient to
morrow. The chances are, however, that
she will get in this afternoon or evening.
HEWS OF THE OCEAN.
The Luzon will load lumber at Tacoma. for
Honolulu; the Marechal Davout. wheat at
Portland for Europe, 36s 3d; the British steam
er Hilton, barley at this port for St. Vfncent
tor orders, chartered Jn England.
Wheat for Europe.
The FTer.oh bark MacMahon was cleared
Saturday for Queenstown for orders with 68,230
• Tlti whf-at valued at $69, COO. and 19,000 ft lum
i»~ as dunnage, valued at $2S5.
Tl-.e Uritish steamer Royalist was cleared
Friday, for fit. Vincent for orders with 97,279
otlF «'b>at valued at $34,800, and 28,000 ft lum
b'-r as djjnnage valued at $420.
Lumber for Sydney.
The bark Haydn Brown was cleared Satur
day for Sydney with 533,744 ft lumber, 400 bdls
Ehingles and 2450 doors, valued at $16,425.
Cargo on the Hyades.
The steamer Hyades was cleared Saturday
lor Panama with merchandise for New York
valued at $262,153: Jamaica. $1592: Germany.
$•".24. Tbe following were the principal Ehip
ffif-rits=:
To New York— 410,013 gals wine, 104.990 lbs
<iry hides. S2 gals brandy. 9 cs drugs, 10,130 cs
*nlmon, S7.500 lbs wool. SS9.S48 lbs beans. 400
da horns, S06 bdls junk. 12,138 lbs glue, 80 pkgs
household goods, 30 bdls paper, 82 colhs rope,
2«,000 lbs tallow, 34 bags shells, 98,510 lbs dried
fruit. i£0 cs canned eoods, 20 flsks quicksilver,
ET<>0 lbs . rice, €10 lbs tobacco, 2 pksrs groceries
and provisions. 250,280 lbs asphaltum, 100,100
lbs cci'jier matte.
Kurfuerst, from New Tork, via Southampton.
MO VILLE— Arrived Oct 13— Stmr Tunisian,
from Montreal and Quebec, for Liverpool, and
proceeded.
GIBRALTAR— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr Aller,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
QUEENSTOWX-Sailed Oct 13 -Stmr Etru
rla, from Liverpool, for New York.
PORTLAND. Maine— Sailed Oct 13— Stmr
Vancouver, for Liverpool.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 13-Stmr Bohemia,
from Liverpool; stmr Celtic, from Liverpool;
stmr La Bretaene, from Havre; stmr Staten
dam, from Rotterdam. Sailed Oct 13— Stm-
Marquette, for London-
Sun, Moon and Tide.
me to suspicion In the eyes of my fellow coun
trymen that I am a colonizer Just coming la
here to register and vote. I assure my neigh
bors and friends that I am above such prac
tices. . i
MARK TWAIN'S VOTE
MAY BE CHALLENGED
Tammany Men of the Bronx Insin
uate That the Humorist Is a
Colonizer.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.— Mark Twain is
worried over the threat of Bronx Tam
many men that when he attempts to vote
on election day he will be challenged as
a colonizer. Clemens rented a house at
Riverdale-on-the-Hudson, which ia the
home of W. W. Appleton, head of the pub
lishing firm. . He took possession on Octo
ber 2, which entitles him to register and
vote. Said he:
I tried to convert a Tammany policeman out
at my gate the other day. I used all the elo
quence of cart-tail campaign oratory on him
to show him how foolish he was. I tried to
prove to his satisfaction that there was no rec
ord of any Tammany man ever getting to
heaven. He did not seem to get enthusiastic.
He was a very Judicious policeman — one of
those fellows who never let you know what
they are thinking about.
I'll bet a squirrel' a nest that if he is watched
at the polls on election day he'll be found
voting for Low. If I were a policeman I would
do just what this Tammany cop did when I
tried to get him over to my way of thinking
and then vote according to my conscience, but
never expose that conscience to public view.
I must admit, though, that for the last/few
days I have felt a cold chill run down my
spinal cord whenever I think that I will only
be a little more than thirty days in this dis
trict when election day comes, which subjects
The spectroscope, by the aid of which
we are able to tell what the sun Is made
of, was invented in 1859.
GLOOM SHROUDS
LONDON 'CHANGE
The aeronaut is accompanied by two
other aeronauts and a naval lieutenant.
He expects to reach Algeria on Wednes
day night or Thursday morning:. He took
with him seventy-five carrier pigeons to
be released in three batches dally. The
balloon, which Is decorated with the tri
color, carries accumulators for electric
signal lamps and an electric pump to
draw up sea water for ballast whenever
necessary by tubes immersed in the sea.
Comte de la Vaulx, by a . system of
floats, intends to keep about 400 feet above
the water. . , .;•\u25a0 •
Comte de la Vaulx with difficulty re
placed the apparatus. Then a portion of
the balloon shed collapsed in a gale and
tore the balloon. This damage was re
paired, but a few days ago another acci
dent delayed his departure.
Finally the aeronaut's luck changed.
Weather and wind improved and at the
last moment M. de Lassen revoked his de
cision and ordered the French second
class cruiser Du Chayla to convoy the
balloon, which is also convoyed by a pri
vate yacht. • " y
PARIS. Oct. 14.— Considerable interest
is manifested in the attempt of Comte de
la Vaulx, the aeronaut, who left Les Sa
blettes, near Toulon, last night, on a bal
loon voyage across the, Mediterranean,
with a" view of testing. the possibility of
using baloons between' France, Corsica
and Algeria in time of war.
The success of tne experiment has been
frequently endangered of late by hitches
in the arrangements. Comte de la Vaulx
has received semi-official support in the
way of subscriptions from the Ministers
of Marine and War. The former had
promised a cruiser as a convoy and also
lent the inflating apparatus. A fortnight
ago, however, M. de Lassen decided that
the season was not propitious for the ex
periment and withdrew the cruiser and
the apparatus.
PARIS, Oct. 14.— A dispatch from Tou
lon says a carrier pigeon arrived there At
5 o'clock last evening from the balloon of
Comte de la Vaulx, bearing the report
that the balloon was being driven by a
northeast wind, going at a fair speed, the
weather being very line and all well. ' .' \u25a0
MARSEILLLES, Oct. 14.— A/ steamer
which has arrived here reports having
sighted the balloon of Comte de la Vaulx
yesterday (Sunday) about 12:30 p. m. The
balioon was about fifty, miles trom Mar
seilles and shaping its course for Algeria.
The car. was about sixty feet above the
sea. The Comte de la Vaulx signaled that
ill was well.
Carrier Pigeon Brings Word
That All Goes Well, With
the Aeronaut. Vh
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.— It is probable
that-a liberal building policy with respect
to naval ships will be urged upon Con
gress at the approaching; session. No
authorization for new construction was
given by Congress .at the last session
owing in part to a disagreement as to
the i-espective merits of single and super
posed turrets. Congress contented itself
with a direction to the Navy Department
to submit full plans .for two battleships
and two armored cruisers to it at the ap
proaching session, so that the body could
itself choose between the designs. Sec
retary Long, however, does not regard
himself as estopped by this direction
from recommending the construction of
additional warships, and as a full year
has been lost in the execution of tfie
naval building scheme laid down by the
policy board, and as more time has been
lost through the great delay In construc
tion of the ships already authorized and
contracted for, owing to the steel strilfe,
a considerable increase must be recom
mended in order to avoid falling hope
lessly behind in the erection of the ideal
American navy.
Steel Strike and a Disagreement Over
Respective Merits of Turrets
; . Cause : Delay.
last forty-eight hours concerning
the judgment of members of the United
States Supreme Court, it appears to be
safe to make the prediction that the
Pepke or fourteen diamond ring case, in
volving the legality of the collection of
duties on goods imported from the Phil
ippines into the United States after the
ratification of the Paris treaty of peace
and before the prs/sage of the Spooner
act will be decided by the Supereme
Court in favor of the Government. This
is the famous case which the Supreme
Court failed to decide when it disposed of
thi other insular cases last May.
CONGRESS IS EXPECTED TO
ORDER MANY NEW SHIPS
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.-
From. trustworthy information
that has been obtained within the
The Pepke case differs materially from
the De Lima case, which was decided
against the Government in the spring.
The De Lima case involved the validity
of the collection of duties on goods im
ported into the United States from Porto
Rico after the ratification of the treaty
of peace, but before the operation of the
Foraker act. by which Congress estab
lished a tariff system between that isl
and and the United States proper.
The most important difference between
the Pepke and De Lima cases is found
in the fact, as was pointed out by Justice
Brown, who held the balance of power
in court when the other insular cases
were decided, that the United 'States did
not have actual possession of the Philip
pines and the government there was be
ing conducted under the war power of
NEW YORK. Oct. 13.— The White Star
liner Celtic, which arrived to-day, brought
a party of English railroad men who
come here to spend a month studying
American railroad methods and inspect
ing systems. They are George S. Gibb.
general manager of the Northeastern
Railroad; Norman D. MacDonald, T. M.
.Newell and E. Worsdell, directors of the
line. Speaking of their plan Gibb said:
"We intend to inspect American rail
roads and will go as far west as Chicago.
We will study the handling of freight and
the system of signals. Of course, until
we have been about and seen things I can
not state whether we will adopt any of
the features of the .American systems."
ENGLISH RAILSO AD HEN
TO STUDY OTTR METHODS
Will Particularly Investigate the
Handling of Freight and the
System of Signals.
As was stated on Saturday, the Su
preme Court will be prepared to hand
down its decision in the Pepke case early
in November. Members of the tribunal
have devoted much time during recess to
a study of the case.
the nation, while Jn the case of Porto
Rico, the United States was in actual
and full possession of the island.
t\. further distinction pointed out by
Solicitor General Richards to-night was
that immediately after the ratification of
the treaty of peace the Senate adopted a
resolution declaring: that "it is not in
tended to incorporate the inhabitants of
the Philippine Islands into citizenship of
the Lnited States, nor i3 it intended to
permanently annex them as an integral
part of the territory of the United
States."
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Oomte de la Vaulx En
Route From France
to Algeria.
Supreme Court Will Sustain Legality of Collection of
Duties on Goods From the Islands.
CROSSING SEA
IN A BALLOON
DECISION FOR GOVERNMENT
IN PHILIPPINE TARIFF CASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO "'CAXi; ""'. MOITOiT, OCTOBER 14, lgoi.
3
Our nine-dollar suit is not an ordinary suit for nine dollars: It is distinctly different
from any other nine-dollar suit you ever saw — different and better in workmanship, mate-
rials, style and other points of superiority. . .
This suit has been the result of a great deal of planning, figuring and studying on our
part. We have gotten the cost down so that we can sell the suit for $9.00 by buying the cloth
in large quantities direct from the mills — we buy for four large stpres — two retail stores *in
San Francisco, one retail and one wholesale store in New York. Through buying the cloth
so advantageously we can sell the suits at retail for the same price wholesalers must pay —
you get this benefit. At last we have succeeded in making the suits from all the popular
materials— serges, cheviots, tweeds and worsteds in solid colors and mixed patterns. Every
taste or fancy can be satisfied. "
The suits are union-made and bear the label. They are guaranteed with a money-
back and a repairing guarantee. They are the most stylish and desirable suits we ever sold
for $9.00. That's saying a good deal, too — but the clothes back it up.
The second floor of our store is devoted to children's, boys' and youths' clothing,
furnishing&4nd hats. Our idea is to make buying as easy as possible for mothers. Whatever
the age of the boy is, she can bring him to this department and outfit him complete, with the
exception of shoes. The stock contains an assortment of everything in these various lines;
it is thoroughly up-to-date and seasonable. The prices are low. They are consistent with
our policy of small profits and many sales. Our earnest endeavor is to make this the most
economical store in town. One purchase,, however small, will get you acquainted with our
methods and values. ' •
Children's and boys' suits from $1.35 to $10.00. Young men's suits from $5.50 to
$20.00. -There is an equally big range of saving prices in the other departments.
_ Write. for our \u25a0~^k."¥ ' iL A /^^ &"^ '- 4T\r^ Out-of-town or-
Wear"- it is In- * - - * Ing, furnlshingrs or
teresting: 718 Market Street. hats -Big Audience Hears
the Address of
Prelate.
Bishop Kinsolving of
Brazil Talks in
Auditorium.
Duty of Hen to Spread
Truths of Gospel •
Broadcast.
MISSIONARY
LABOR FOR
CHRISTIANS
FROM MANY PULPITS DISTINGUISHED
Continued on Page Five.
7 HE- third and last week of the General Convention of the Episcopal Church will begin this
.mprning.j Following are the events scheduled for to-day: " "
10:00 a.m.— House of Bishops resumes its sittings in the Sunday School room of Trinity Church.
Meets again at ?, p. m. - . I '\u25a0-'\u25a0'
io:oo r a.m.— House > of. Deputies* holds regular session In. Trinity Church: r '
10:30 a.m.— House of Deputies to continue debate on "Marrhge and Divorce," sitting asja coin-.
.. mittee of ihe whole.' - ' /,- .'\u25a0'. V -.. - < / •"'.';- ' • '•
8:00 t p. m.— Board of Missions meets, at Trinity Church: \ \ :
8:00 p.m. -rChurch Temperance Society 'to Iwld session at St. Luke's Church. .\u25a0
IMPORTANT QUESTION SCHEDULED
FOR DISCUSSION IN CONVENTION
8* \M HE Rie'nt R ev - Thomas F.
r m Gailor, D.D., Bishop of Ten
. |S nessec delivered- an eloquent
E sermon last night at the serv-
M ices neld at the Church of the
\u25a0^^ . Advent \u25a0 on Eleventh street,
near Market. The church was
crowded to its utmost capacity. Father
Parrish, pastor of the church, officiated at
the altar, and a full choir was in attend
ance. Bishop Gailor took for his text the
twelfth chapter of St. John, twenty-fifth
veree. In part he said:
'.'The words in this chapter which is
given to us are called forth by one of the
I receding verses. 1 Ancient Greece was a
power in her time, but, like all countries
where there was . no . higher ideal than
man and worldly things, she finally drift-
selves possessed. To them the human life
was the highest pinnacle of their glory
and - belief. Self-indulgence, sensuality,
pomp and glory the Greek drank to the
very fu>). He thought little of the be
yond. That to him was simply darkness
and the grave was hell. . And that was the
characteristic of Greek life. There was
something grand and inspiring in this life,
J«ut it hau to pass. She Went to ruin un
der the influence of her sins. This world
in all it3 solid structure is supported bv
sacrifice? to Christ. The body by its own
death gains its own resurrection. This is
the contrary of the old Greek belief.
Washington and Napoleon lost their lives
and found \u25a0 them where they lost them
The true scholar dies in his studies. And
so it is with our spiritual life. We must
be ready to surrender ourselves to the
will and teachings of Christ.
"We must love God and fashion our-
"To the Greek's mind man began and
ended with himself. They had no concep T
tion of God nor of a hereafter. Their gods
were nothing more than heroic men, en
dowed with the same life, the same pas
sions and the same instincts as they them-
ed into a sluggish, sensual, immoral exist
ence, which eventually- wound up her ca
reer as a powerful, nation. While Rome
has left the modern world the impress of
her law, her wisdom, her -art and her
literature is still with us.. The magnifi
cent splendor of the art and literature of
Greece is still the marvel of men. but
when their, pictures and statues we read
of were decapitated and -the heads of Ro
man Emperors and conquerors were sub
stituted thereon by the hand of Roman
people, that was the end of Greece. The
Greeks began and ended with them
selves.
Bishop Gailor, at the Church of the Advent, Discourses on the Les
sons Taught by the Desolation and Ruin of Greece.
AT GRACE EPISCOPAL CHURCH DURING THE SERVICES HELD THERE YESTERDAY AND SOME OF THE
FAMOUS AND ELOQUENT PRELATES WHO SPOKE THE WORD OF GOD TO ATTENTIVE LISTENERS IN
VARIOUS HOUSES OF WORSHIP THROUGHOUT THE CITY ' • •
The Right Rev. Arthur C. A. Hall.
Bishop of Vermont, last night preached
the sermon at St. Peter's Episcopal
Church. A large congregation listened
attentively to an eloquent. discourse on
the subject, "Sealing With the Spirit of
God." .-. .. .. : ; ." . \u25a0 . . :
The services were, conducted by the
Rev. WVM. Bours. pastor of the church..
The regular vested choir was augmented
by several singers who participated in
the rendition of beautiful hymns. Bishop
Hall in his sermon said:
"We are unable to do things ourselves
for our own salvation and the only way
in which we may accomplish that end is
to seal ourselves with the. spirit of God.
This, should not be merely a crown
stamped on our forehead or an external
sign, but it should be indelibly impressed
on our souls in God's own likeness. It
should.be even as St. Peter said. 'Ye are
partakers of. divine nature.' Not of his
omniscence, omnipotence or other infin
ite powers, but of God's moral character
and attributes. • .
"God gives to us the gift of his spirit
and we are made partakers of his truth
justice and purity. These he offers so
that we may stamp them on our heart
and conscience, on our will, strengthen
ing and , controlling it. Regeneration "s
made possible by the gift of the holy
spirit through whom he makes known to
U3 the things of Christ. Without it the
sacraments are useless for it is necessary
to have our-morad natures renewed
\u25a0 , Some people think that if they receive
the sacraments they are providing them
selves with a passport to Heave%. But
more than that is necessary. It is thV
gift of-grace which God has pledged to
us that- will permit of our being admitted
to his divine presence. To be sea m
with the spirit of God means that orfou?
inner nature will be graven his very like
ness . .which working within will guide
our faculties in their rightful exercise
Jesus Christ speaks the word of ?fe
while th« spirit of God opens our eyes
anil shows the things of Christ to us?
The word of God is plain in holy serin
ture. but his spirit touches our nature? £>
that -we- may be enlightened to see his
grand works. • It quickens the faculties
of our being so that we may lay hold of
God s word. He must be -worshiped here
In our. own hearts and our souls made
Divine Exhorts Hearers to
Cultivate God's
Spirit.
BISHOP HALL
AT ST. PETER'S
"What delight to be able to preach the
truth to the benighted races of the earth!
If at times the battle Is hard, remember
that there is a comradeship which com
pensates for every discomfort. It is the
duty of Christians to support those who
have devoted their lives to the* cause of
Christianity. You must evef be vigilant
in your work, for it is at moments when
you are off guard that Satan attacks your
soul. Onward In prayer, onward in the
panoply of God. and. you have his word
for It. Satan will practice his wiles against
you in vain. Like the Greek who wrested
victory from his competitors in the Olym
pian games for the glory of Greece, 'you
should wrest victory from your efforts in
the field of Christianity for the glory of
Jesus Christ." • \u25a0» . »
In closing the Bishop paid a" tribute to
the admirable work being accomplished by
the Young Men's Christian Association,
and he urged his hearers never to allow
their enthusiasm to lag. After a solo by
Miss Judson and a selection by' the asso
ciation quartet the meeting came to a
close.
temples of the living God. Then will ba
put forth his nature and energy. in you
"So many people content themselves
with the thought that they will "some day
be free from sin. What an idea! Do they
not know that not. merely the extinction
of sin but the cultivation of a positive
"I am a missionary In the cause ct
Jesus Christ. All of U3 who are Chris
tians were detailed by the Lord and Mas
ter In trumpet tones eighteen hundred
years ago to do his work. With all our
sins we are called to bear the truths of
the gospel to the ends of the world/Mark
you the Injunction, 'Go. ye, and preach
the gospel to all the world.' . It is a holy
mission, the great reflex influence of.
which will be to sweep back' and baptiza
the church of God. what Barnabas and
Saul did we may do. They preached the
unspeakable riches of Christ to all tha
world, and it is our duty to follow in their
footsteps."
The speaker went on to say that com
mercial enterprise was based on the sams
principles by which- the affairs of the
church are forwarded to successful con
clusions. The church seeks to win con
verts in every land under the sun. When
he went to Brazil twelve years ago he was
r.mazed to find Virginia floor on sale in
the towns through which he passed. Why
was this flour sent abroad, when, in fact,
the very brand was unknown to- most Vir
ginians? Why did not the manufacturers
first make their brand known to their own
people before sending it- to lands across
the sea? Simply because it is the nature
of business to expand— to broaden until
the most distant landa of the world are
reached and conquered. • For the same
reason the church sends out Its mission
aries. The Bishop resumed:'
FOR THE GLORY OF JESUS.
A WELL-ATTENDED mass meet*
Injr wi* held under th« iuji
plcea of the Young Men's Chris
tian Association at th« audi
torium yesterday afternoon.
The speaker of the day wan
the Right Rev. Ludan L?»
Klnsolvlnir. Bishop of Brazil. Bishop
Klnsolvlng had no specified subject for
discourse, but he coruntod himself, with
the utterance of general remarks upon
the need of more missionary work by
Christian men and women In all walks of
life. The Bishop Is a native Virginian, and
a marked Southern accent, coupled with
brilliancy of thought and fine power of
expression, rendered his address more
than ordinarily interesting.
After scriptural reading by Archdeacon
C. B. Crawford of Kansas and the usual
announcements by Secretary H. J. Mc-
Coy Bishop Kinsolvlng waa introduced by
Rolla V. Watt. The Bishop expressed his
appreciation of the high and lofty priv
ilege afforded him of speaking to an audi
ence of young Christian men and women.
It was not his intention to speak of th-=i
cardinal principles of the church to which,
he owed allegiance, but to speak in a gen
eral way of missionary work in and out
of the church. Resuming, he said In part:
DETAILED BY THE MASTER.
"Christ's life to the world was without
pompous honor. His property was a
benediction to men. The world was better
for His having lived. And when I die
I hope I may join that choir of immortal
invisible dead who speak the words of
Christ."
Delves after him. This Is not only the
revelation of Christ but reason Also. And
now, my friend*, many of us are Illustrat
ing this pagan Greek life. We are sacri
ficing every day everything for that which
we love. Why should we be afraid to
stand before people who are Immoral, peo
ple who glvo way to the empty pomp and
worldly dissipations? Why should we bo
afraid to stand up and condemn that
which In not right; that which is against
all the teachings of Christ? And there is
much need to-day of the preacher speak
ing of these things because we seem to be
in an ace of revival of these pagan Greek
ideas which brought her realms and sub
jects to desolation and ruin. An enthu
siasm for material wealth has seized and
bound some of our people. We are not
aaked to sacrifice our very lives or be
hermits and live in a desert, but we are
asked to distrust and discourage this pom
pous display of worldllness, because we
are men and children of Christ. • . •
"Not because you want to be conspicu
ous but for Christ's flake. My friends, we
shall never meet again as we are to-night.
Coming as I did here to-night on my way
to my far distant home, it seems that I
must speak of it.-
PALO ALTO, OcL 13.— Rev. Mr. Rous
manlere of Providence, R. -I./ preached in
All Saints Episcopal Church In Palo
Alto this . morning. In the evening the
pulpit was occupied by Dean Hart; of
Denver. Both of the clergymen are in
attendance at the General Episcopal Con
vention in San Francisco.
Services at Palo Alto.
"God divided man into men of all con
ditions,, colors and races not . that they
might trample upon each other, but that
they might assist one another. I believe
that there are no people eolow or. sp de
graded that they cannot be reached by. a
conscientious and persistent missionary."
"At present we are not prosecuting
work among the Mexicans. We withdrew
from that country three years ago as a
matter of necessity. The Mexicans be
long to the Roman Catholic church, and
among these people that church is doing
its work fairly well. It will do it better
and better when influenced by the advent
of other Christian people. I would like
to help the Mexicans. I would like to
construct a school for their benefit."
Dr. Holly. Bishop of Haiti, -stated that
as ' a. culmination- to his forty years of
missionary labors he desired to construct
an industrial school for the hitherto
neglected mountaineers of the West In
dies. Ke declared that the construction
of such a school would enable the na
tives to- learn the use of the plow and
harrow and that thus they would be en
abled to take advantage of the rich fer
tility of the sofl. He stated that the na
tives in the interior of the islands had
not been reacr.ed by the Catholic church
or by the Protestant -denominations.
He attributed the success which has at
tended the efforts of the Episcopal mis
sionaries to the fact that they had trained
up an efficient corps of native ministers
to assist them. * . • . . • . •
The honor of concluding the speech
making of the evening fell to the Right
Rev. Dr. Hare, Bishop of South Dakota.
He said:
"This section of the United States has a
future. The \u25a0 mines . of Arizona already
have a world -wide fame. People came
there for their health, thus rnaking the
country a sort of hospital or sanitarium.
We are there to care for these people. The
missionaries who have come to Arizona
during the last two years have been men
of exceptional worth.
"The history of this section of the coun
try is fascinating. The very climate is
fascinating. It was once the habitation
of a people who have withered from the
land, leaving nothing but the ruins of
their cities. These strange people have
passed away and their land is occupied
by another race, that lives in the same
primitive manner as when the Spaniards
first came upon \u25a0 them. The Spaniards
came for gold, but they were accompanied
by the Franciscan fatherg, who came for
God.
ing the Chinese out of tfteir foul, ill-smell
ing streets, out of their ignorance and out
of their superstition and degradation.
The Right Rev. Bishop Henerick of
New Mexico, in speaking of the strange
races of people who formerly lived among
the hills and in the valleys of New Mex
ico, Arizona and Mexico, said in part:
"One difference between Christianity
and heathenism is that the one is clean
and orderly, while the other is dirty and
disorderly. In the hospitals you will find
Christian doctors ministering to the suf
fering natives. In the Christian churches
you will find the Chinese worshiping as
you worship here. You will hear the
choir singing praise to God and- you will
hear the men pray and give in response
the 'amens.' You will hear the minister
tell In plain words of the life of Christ.
"The missions in China are being con
ducted by men trained by long experience
in actual work and equipped with a
knowledge on the character and needs of
the natives. These missionaries are lead-
capacity and four Bishops,
renowned for their devoted labors in the
missionary fields, delivered interesting ad
dresses. The Right Rev. Dr. Graves,
Eishcp of Shanghai, described the manner
in which the missionaries are waging war
against heathenism in China. The Right
Rev. Bishop Kenerick of New Mexico told
of the aborigines who once lived in the
States contiguous to the Mexican border
and described the work which is being
prosecuted to win their descendants to
Christianity. The Right Rev. Bishop
Holly of Haiti spoke interestingly of the
manner in which the natives of tne West
Indies are being converted, and the Right
Rev. Bishop Hall of South Dakota fur
nished many interesting facts concerning
missionary work among trie Indians of the
Northwest.
The Right Rev. Bishop Satterlee of
Washington, D. C, acted as chairman of
the evening. In introducing Dr. Graves,
the first speaker, he said that missionary
work should be placed above parish inter
ests. He declared that when this would
be done God would bestow a blessing upon
the parishioners and the church that
would more than compensate for ihe ex
tra labors expended in the missionary
Jields.
Bishop Graves spoke in substance as
follows:
"They tell us that missionary work
among heathen people and especially
among the Chinese is a most stupendous
task. Such people draw pictures of un
conquerable superstition, ignorance and
degradation. Suppose you go with me to
China and to the mission station. You
will have to pass through the narrow
streets reeking with odor. You will be
jostled by the Chinese and perhaps in-
Eulted because of being a hated foreigner.
But when you arrive at the mission sta
tion you will find nothing but decorum
and order. You will see a school yard, a
quadrangle, a school with a dornutory at
one end. When you enter the school
room you will not be greeted with insult,
but the little boys will jui rise with re
spect: if you examine their books you
will find that besides studying -the Chi
nese language they . are learning your
algebra, your arithmetic and your geom
etry.
MISSIONARY services were
held last night at the
Church of. St. John the
Evangelist. The church was
crowded to its greatest
7 HE Episcopalian pulpits of this city, Oakland and Berkeley
rang zvtth the eloquence of tlic visiting prelates yesterday
wowing and evening. As on the preceding Sabbath every
church of Episcopalian! denomination had some choice bit of special
religious service to offer. Sfrnioiis and ndresses by the famed
clergymen and laymen in attendance at the conference were eagerly
listened to by large audiences.
The subjects of discourse showed a broad variety in treatment.
Some of the clergymen spoke on the rital questions of the day.
Others drgv lessons front the book of books, applying them to mod
ern conditions. As this was the last opportunity for pulpit speaking
on the part of the visitors the curiosity and desire of the public to
hear the distinguished prelates resulted in a crowding of every
church and hall in which sermons were delivered by them. '•\u25a0 •••• >
Other Houses of Wor
ship Are Largely
Attended.
Large Crowd Throngs
the Church of
St. John.
Eminent Bishops Tell
How Souls Are
Wdn to God. \
MISSIONS
SUBJECT OF
SERVICE
• . \u25a0 .\u25a0..•\u25a0- - .
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1901.
4Right Rev. John McKim of Japan Speaks to
Y. M. C. A. Upon Religious and
Moral Conditions 1 here.
EPISCOPAL DIGNITARIES
PREACH TO CONGREGATIONS
IN OAKLAND'S CHURCHES
Imposing Array of Episcopal Dignitaries Files
Into Beautifully Dedicated Edifice
as Services Begin.
Many Officers and Sailors Present to Witness
"Ceremonies in House of Worship
Erected by Congress.
BISHOPS HELP DEDICATE
NEW CHAPEL ERECTED AT
MARE ISLAND NAVY YARD
Continued on Page Seven.
Continued t , Page Seven.
\u25a0 The Right Rev. Samuel David Ferguson,
•D. .D..-D..C. L., Bishop of Cape Palmas,
Liberia. West Africa, delivered a. stirring
missionary sermon last evening at Bethel
Methodist Episcopal Church, 1207 Powell
street, of which the Rev. Dr. F. G. Nel
son is pastor. This was the first oppor
tunity the distinguished African Bishop
had to meet and address the Afro-Amerl-
Bishop Ferguson o? West
Africa Speaks on
Missions.
LIBERIA HIS
CHOSEN FIELD
At St. Luke's Church yesterday there
were morning and evening services. In
the forenoon the Bishop of Columbia, de
livered a stirring sermon to an apprecia-
good would accrue to the church In gen
eral if more t'.me, labor and money were
devoted to developing the dormant re
ligious sentiment and effort in the lesser
cities and towns.
Bishop Daniel S. Tuttle o~f Missouri was
the last pulpit orator of the evening. He
told of ; the church and missionary work
In his diocese. .
Says Reverend Dr. Hopkins
> at St. Luke's •
Church,
"STAND FAST IN
HONEST FAITH"
"To receive the sealing of God's spirit
we must attest It by having the right
disposition. Our hearts must be exposed
and surrendered to the spirit of God in
order that he may accomplish his work.
Our spiritual being, must seek from him
the gift that he has promised to bestow.
The sacraments are pledges through life
that we may call upon him for the for
giveness of our sins.
"It is the setting up of new relation
ship between the soul and God. He
pledges himself to give us the aid of his
holy spirit. Call him to your side In all
your difficulties. , Seek to make a butter
impression on the soul which he came to
seal in order to bring you to a larger,
fuller and better life. Prepare yourselves
to bo more worthy of his grace so that a
restoration may be made of your being to
conform to the likeness of Christ. Let it
be a perfect In-dwelling of the spirit and
a verification of the concluding words of
our creed, 'I look for the resurrection of
the body and the life of the world to
come.' " . '--.--
infusion of holiness is absolutely neces
sary. Some people calling themselves
Christians would do as Moses did and
shatter in a thousand pieces the com
mandments of God. They would then no
longer- see staring them ' in the face
'Thou shalt not do this' or 'Thou shalt not
do that.' Let us accomplish the renewal
of our spiritual selves by writing in our
own hearts the law of God so that it will
become our own law.
At the meeting of the Brotherhood of
St. Andrew informal addresses were de
livered by the following speakers: Fred
R. Rowell of Seattle, John W. Wood of
New York, Ralph C. Daniels and Dr.
George S. Baker of San Francisco and
H. R. Braden of Berkeley.
"Some say: 'Speak not to us of faith,
but of morals.' That is the mind' of the
present day, but I say: 'No.' St. Paul
will shield us and he bids us stand fast
for faith. So said he even to the fickle
Corinthians. God's facts are fundamental
and immutable. They need no change. If
the Lord Jesus Christ was ever the Son of
God he is to-day the Son of God. If he
ever died for the sins of man the fact re
mains the same to-day. The fundamental
laws of God never change.
"Stand fast to the faith and acquit ye
like men."
"Let us be men, let us watch, let us un
sparingly watch heart and conscience and
feel the cleansing love for God. He
blesses no one with his name unless there
is a confession of sin. >
tlve audience. In the evening, after the
regular service and a sermon by the Rev.
Dr. Hopkins, the rector of Epiphany
Church, Chicago, the Brotherhood of St.
Andrew convened for short addresses by
the laity.
"Watch ye, stand fast in the faith," was
the keynote of Dr. Hopkins' sermon. !
He said: "No good is obtained from
watching others. You must watch your
self. When St. Paul exhorted the people
to cultivate a state of watchfulness he
meant that each man should have in his
own inner life and consciousness a clean
liness and purity of belief. Watch ye,
look into your own conscience and see
how far you fall short of faith. In these
days many waver. This is because we
have not cultivated a deep and truthful
love for God.
BISHOP GAILGR DISCOURSES,
Continued From Page Four.
EMINENT
BISHOPS IN
ALAMEDA
Five Prelates Join in
Christ Church
Services.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 13.— Five Bish
ops participated in the several
services held at Christ Epis
copal Church to-day. They
were the Right Rev. 'Boyd
Vincent, D. D., Bishop of
Southern Ohio; Right Rev. C.
K. Nelson, D. D.,' Bishop of Georgia;
Right Rev. C. P. Anderson, Bishop of
Chicago; Right Rev. Arthur L. Williams,
Bishop of Omaha, and Right Rev. Daniel
S. Tuttle, D. D., Bishop of Missouri.
• Large congregations attended the morn
ing, afternoon and evening religious exer
cises. The morning service was conduct
ed by the Rev. Dr. T. J. Lacey, rector of
Christ Church. Bisnop Boyd Vincent
preached the sermon. His text was taken
from the gospel of St. Luke, iii:20. His
theme was "The Relation of the Modern
Christian Church to Humanity." In part
he said:
The relation of Christianity to humanity is
the same now as it was in the days or 1 its
birth. Christianity has not changed. Human
nature has not in itself been altered, but social
characteristics have undergone • a ! change.
Those who would tell us that we have a
modern Christianity to meet our modern re
quirements are not to be trusted. They even
pretend to explain to us according to what is
termed "the higher criticism" the meaning of
the Bible. Some scientists, while professing to
believe' in God, make woful mistakes in en
deavoring to account for his actions and works
by natural means. Science has done much to
enlighten the world, but Christianity has done
more. How often are science and scientific
deductions found to be in error? Instances are
not lacking and they are becoming more nu
merous every day.
The Christian church has from its origin
always been the friend and helper of human
ity, the ennobler of man and. woman and the
guardian -of liberty. Even in the Middle Ages,
when the power of the Christian church was
thought to be greatly weakened, its Christ
given leaven worked in the masses to the up
lifting and betterment of mankind.
We are living in a strenuous age. The sordid
spirit \u25a0 of commercial greed and covetousness
would seem to have preoccupied the field as
against the spirit of i Christianity. But we
should not despair at . this apparent obstacle.
It is in the home where the doctrines of Chris
tianity should be Inculcated. There they can
be' implanted In the hearts and minds of the
young with a firmness that is always productive
.of lasting fruits. It is a lamentable fact that
the boys and trirls of our | country are giving
five days in every week to other studies than
those of religion and Christianity and but one
hour on Sunday, to learning, about- their God
and his teachings. Who will deny," in looking
at it in : this, light, that the parochial school
system of the Roman church is not a wise
one?
' Bishop, Vincent also delivered an ad
dress to 'the pupils of the Sunday school
in Parish Hall at 10 o'clock.
The usual Sunday evening services were
held at 4:30 o'clock, and at 7:15 a special
meeting, given over to discourses on mis
sionary and church work. Bishop C. K.
Nelson presided and introduced the speak
ers. \u25a0\u25a0•.„'
Bishop C. P. Anderson, the youngest
Bishop in the country, told of the work
being accomplished by the church in the
larger cities of the United States. He
dwelt principally upon the religious labors
performed in Chicago, of which city he is
Bishop. . .
Bishop Arthur L. Williams spoke upon
church . extension in the smaller : towns.
He. is stationed in Omaha and his knowl
edge of the mid-western fields is exten
sive. Bishop Williams believed that great
SCENES AT HEARSTHALL AND
PRELATES WHO SPOKE IN
BAY CITIES.
Quite an array of Episcopal dignitaries
filed into the chancel at 10:45 when the cer
emonies begun. There were Bishop More
land, Bishop Funston of Boise. Bishop
Kinsolving of Texas and Bishop Partridge
of Kioto. Chaplain McAlister read the
opening work and the Bishops followed
with the ritual of dedication. Upon taking
the pulpit Dr. Moreland congratulated the
VALLEJO, Oct. 13.— A new chapel
to be used for religious wor
ship was dedicated on Mare
Island this morning by the
Right Rev. William H. More
land, Bishop of Sacramento.
F"or many years the court
room of the yard has been used as a
chapel, but at the last session of Congress
the Rev. A. A. McAlister enlisted the in
terest of our Representatives and an ap
propriation of $5000 was made with which
to erect a chapel. The building Is in the
Elizabethan gothic style and Is 30x60 feet
inside.
The dedlcatlve services to-day attracted
a large attendance of naval folks and
many went over from this city. The in
terior of the chapel had been refreshingly
adorned with a variety of white flowers
and a wealth of smilax. Chaplain Mc-
Alister felicitated himself particularly on
chancing to have the chapel completed
just at this time, as the presence In San
Francisco of the House of Bishops en
abled him to surround the dedication with
so much more impressiveness.
Bishop Moreland then administered com
munion to the other clergy and to Admiral
Miller and other officers and ladies pres
ent.
Bishop Klnsolving said that as a man
possessed of any sense : of gratitude .he
could not do less than present himself be
fore the Mare Island people, irrespective
of faith. He recalled now, when Galveston
in his bishopric, was overwhelmed last
year, one of the first messages of condo
lence and relief came from Chaplain Me-
Alister and the Mare Island people.
Bishop Partridge of Kioto spoke last
and said he regarded the American policy
of firmness, tempered by wisdom, pursued
In China and Japan, as calculated to win
us more powerful friends than we think
for in the future. He was pleased to re
view at Mare Island old acquaintances
among officers and men made in the
Orient.
naval people on the long-needed acquisi
tion of a place of worship and explained
that this building is for the use of any
denomination that wishes to hold religious
services at the yard.
Bishop Funston followed and said he felt
particularly happy in being present on
Mare Island, as for years he had been,
pastor at the Norfolk navy yard. Visit
ing in Europe some years ago, he noted
that little respect was paid Americans;
this has been changed by our last war— a
war the success of which was largely due
to our navy. He .regards every American
man-of-war's man a missionary, in that
he stands for the extension of Christian
civilization.
The majesty of a man cannot be meas
ured until he is seen standing In a mag
nificent minority. . . • -; .
BISHOP POTTER
IN OAKLAND
New York Cleric Is to
Speak at Church of
the Advent.
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— Bishop Henry C.
Potter, the distinguished divine and pub
licist of New York City, will, preach to
morrow .night at' the Church of the Ad
vent, corner of Twelfth avenue and East
Sixteenth street. The music will include
A. C. Read's solo, "O Divine Redeemer"
(Gounod) and "The Magnificat," by the
full-vested choir, under the direction of
James Pollitt.
Bishop Brewer, of- Montana, conducted
services this morning at the Church of the
Advent. Bishop Parridge of Japan offi
ciated this evening. .
At Trinity Church this morning Bishop
John M. Kendrick of New Orleans and
Arizona, occupied the pulpit.
Companions of the Forest.
\u25a0 The board of deputies of the Compan
ions of the Forest has arranged a series
of official visitations. Supreme Grand
Chief Companion; Mrs. Miller will accom
pany the deputies. . . ' .
- Washington Circle was* visited last week
by , the board of deputies and addresses
were. made, by J Mesdames Fernandez,
Goodwin, Asman, Jonas, Boehm, Zinns,
Wood and j Permanent Secretary John
Falconer, P> G. S. C. C. This circle will
give a social on the last Tuesday in the
current month. •'•.-..\u25a0
Eureka Circle has arranged for a social
on the 19th inst." \u25a0'. -\u25a0 .
-The board of deputies will, visit Maz
zini Circle on the 14th and Franklin on
the 17th. '
Special Bates
For side rides to points on. the Santa Fe.
Open, to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention . tickets, friends accompanying
and holders of, nine months' excursion
tickets. Dates of sale, September 23 to
November 10 inclusive.' Limit 30 days.
For time tables, descriptive literature and
full information call at Santa Fe offices,
£41 Market st., and ferry depot
The Rt. Rev. J. M. Francis, Bishop of
Indiana, addressed a large audience in
Shattuck Hall this, evening. His topic
was "The Power of Example," and he
drew a strons lesson <4L the effect of
men's actions upon others.
The Right Rev. Daniel Tuttle, D. D.,
Bishop of Missouri, preached at the ser
vices held by St. Mark's Church in Shat
tuck Hall this morning. ! He said:
God is almighty, but his almlghtinesa is not
his only attribute to dwell upon. The al
mightiness of God cannot make 2 and 2 to be
5. \u25a0 His ail wisdom, we say, prevents. His
almlghtiness cannot \u25a0\u25a0make a lie— hie alright
eousness forbids. He cannot make a man who
wants to .be .bad,, good, because he has given
man the power to reason, and his all good
ness forbids that he take it away from him.
Spirit is real- life. Might and power with
out it are inert masses. All things may be—
a man's body may be descended by evolution
but there was a time when .into the brute
man God breathed and made man a living
soul. Spirit is life. Spirit is power and might
We can almost forgive the Christian Science
folk and faith cure folk in exercising over
zealously this truth that spirit is the real
I>ower. \u25a0 • •
Home is the sweetest word In the English
language: duty the most helpful, but respon
sibility the greatest. We don't want universal
mediocrity, but individual . development. De
spair is one. form of unbelief. The men of
hope and faith, Inspired by the promise of
God, are born to inevitable victory and are
bound to succeed.
The greatest curse that has ever come to the
republics in the world— that visitation that has
afflicted all free governments which "have been
tried and gone down heretofore — is the curse
of covetousness, ever the danger of a free peo
ple. There is in our time a covetousness which
borders on idolatry and makes men forget God.
There is something more precious than peo
ple's material prosperity, and that is honor.
Covetousness changes politics into a scramble
for spoils and patriotism into a scramble for
office.
Irreverence In some form Is a favorite sin
of some of our community. It blunts the edge
of conscience and takes away honor. Reverence
is honor.
BERKELEY, Oct. 13.-The stu
dents of the university were
addressed this afternoon - in
Hearst Hall by the Right Rev.
Thomas F. Gailor, D. D., Bish
op of Tennessee. The sermon
dwelt principally i upon the
dangerous gro-wth of covetousness and ir
reverence among people ah.d the ill effect
they have upon the nation's institutions,
and the need ol individual responsibility
for the attainment of the highest develop
ment. The speaker conducted the devo
tional services.
Bishop Gallor's sermon in part was as
follows:
Patriotism becomes a subject for a Christian
discourse before men especially engaged in
that best of all Christian work, the work of
education. Virtues of civilization are virtues
given to us, or emphasized at least, by the
Christian' gospel. The great qualities that be
long to manhood are the virtues that belong
to truth, the virtues that relate to law and
obedience to the law and the virtues that re
late to purity. These have built up the family
life, the idea and fact of home. These quali
ties have no cause adequate to account for
them except the Christian gospels and teach
ings.
Bishop Qailor Speaks
to Them in Hearst
Hall.
ADDRESSES
BERKELEY
STUDENTS
One of the greatest dlfficultes that we are
compelled to face is the low moral tone that
exists in many Bections of the empire, and
unless the zour.g Christian who goes there is
strong and determined he is likely to fall.
When there is such a fall every advantage is
taken of it, and it is quoted as an evidence
of the unstabllity of the Christian religion.
The writinp? of Ingersoll and the agnostic and
atheistic writers of the Christian world have
been translated into Japanese and widely cir
culated against us.
Yet in «pite of all this. Christianity haa
made greater strides In Japan In the last five
years than ever before. The general influence
of the press is with Christianity, for they
f par that unless a higher standard of morals
than now exists is set up that the empire it
self will l>e endangered.
We are frequently asked if our converts are
not from the poorer classes. This Is not eo,
for most of those who embrace Christianity are
from the middle classes, the lawyers, doctors
and ekilted mechanics. Thirteen members of
the Imperial Diet are Christians, and the presi
dent of \he lower house of the Imperial Par
liament la a Christian and earnest Sunday
school worker. There is even hope that has
some good foundation that the Crown Prince,
when he aecends the- throne of Japan, will
openly avow the lowly Xazarene.
And I would say a word for the Young Men's
Christian Association work In Japan. It Is a
treat vrorls. and faithfully carried on, and to
The Bight Rev. John McKim, D.D., mls
eionary Bishop of Japan, delivered an ad
dress at the Y. M. C. A. in Oakland this
afternoon. There was music by Rev. Al
fred W. Hare and Miss Edna Ritter. and
liishop McKiia delivered a most interest
ing talk upon the religious and moral con
ditions existing in Japan at the present
day. He saU:
The Christian religion Is struggling against
great difficulties in the island empire, but
despite everything that it is compelled to face,
the work of Christ is going 6teadily forward.
Speaks Upon Japan.
The ques=ti»n may arise in the man, how
must he live that he may be fit to come to
God? He must believe in God. He ought to
conduct himielf in this world as if there was
no other. Vc know there is another world
where a'.l is grand and beautiful, but It is not
it that we Ere now seeking.
It is for 'us to prepare for the resurrection of
this body. In all these centuries men have not
exhausted tne f^crets of the body. God meant
that you should keep them clean, that they
must not be contaminated by the polutlon of
«=in. When the body is dead the life is out of
it and it it only fit for the grave, but Christ
pays. "I am the resurrection and the life."
and when the body is cleansed of Bin we are
prepared to enjoy the beatific vision of the
holy epirit, restoration to the presence of God
and the glory of his power.
Bishop Seymour delivered the sermon at
this evening's service, when there was an
other large congregation and special mu
sic.
of Springfield, 111. The visiting
Bishop was assisted by the Rev. Robert
Ritchie, rector of the church, and the spe
cial music was directed by E. Dunbar
Crandall. Bishop Seymour founded his
sermon upon St. Paul's epistle to the He
brews, vi:2: "He that cometh to God
must believe that he is and diligently seek
him." The Bishop said in part:
"He that cometh to God must believe that he
Is" is a statement that embodies the sug
gestion of what ve ought to do in this Hie.
God has revealed to us in this precious book,
the Bible, -what our duties to him and our
fellow beings shotld consist of. It is not possi
ble to seize upon and devour the fundamental
verities of the entire book, consequently the
church has provided that we shall know by Its
offices as many things as possible in it that
have application to our lives. This text brings
us to the summary of Christian faith. It is
one that serves to reveal to us the character of
God. We must remember that God reveals his
existence not merely to satisfy men's curiosity
but to exhibit to them his infinite power. Too
many men reject the Bible because they do not
and will nol understand revelation and there
fore cannot accept !t.
God placed us in this world, which is a great
palace, and gave us the key to its door that
we might by knowledge open and find its
treasures. There are many questions that
puzzle us; for instance, the question is asked,
when a man <J!es how can he be absolved from
tin? Science cannot fathom such an enigma,
but revelation es it is written in the Bible
tells us the answer for It.
Many a man has said to his sorrow that he
van not come to God. But I say that if he
\u25a0won't go to God, God will go to him, for God
tuyt, he will judge the quick and the dead, and
fee is omnipotent. Man may Kay that it will be
as well with me as with others who haVe
rejected God, but his rejection only goes so far
as life lasts— he Is soon dead and then he will
have to answer before the throne of God.
OAKLAND." Oct. 13.— St. Paul's
Episcopal Church was crowded
this morning with parishioners,
eager to hear the address of
the Right Rev. Seymour, the
venerable Bishop of the diocese
. "You are part of the Sunday school auxil
iary," said Mr. Thomas to the children. "You
Men may be ever so busy, but if they, have
the will and the inclination they can find time
to come to church and to do their share of
church work.
Bishop Nichols presented Mr. Thomas
as one of the leading Sunday-school su
perintendents of Philadelphia. The Bishop
commented upon the fact that despite Mr.
Thomas' enormous business demands he
found time to attend to his church work.
Said the Bishop:
The children occupied the central pewa
of the main floor of the church. They were
accompanied by their teachers. The theme
of the addresses was that of missionary
work at home and abroad. Dr. Duhring
gave a very happy talk to the young,
using colored pasteboard cards, cut in a
circle, to illustrate his explanation. The
white represented the world in its original
Innocence, the black being sin, the red
the redeeming blood of Christ and the
blue the hope in heaven and eternity.
During his talk Dr. Duhring said:
We have done better during the paat year
than ever before in our missionary work. Now
we have 600,000 people, old and young, in our
Sunday schools, with 60,000 teachers and 6000
Sunday schools. This year the Sunday schools
gave $105,000 for missionary work. Twenty
four years ago they gave only $7000, so you
see we are growing. We must grow and ex
pand the gospel. We must send it out to the
Philippines— the McKlnley Islands, I hope they
will be called, for our dead President deserved
that they should bear his name— and to China
and Japan we must send the story of Christ.
We have done well, but there is vastly more
to do. There are a thousand million heathen
who do not know Christ and the story of sal
vation. There are 33.000 people who die dally
In heathen lands that do not know the story
of Jesus. Let us remember that we are told
to send out the gospel to all lands and people.
Children Hear the Word.
There were addresses by Bishop Nichols,
the Rev. Herman L. Duhring, D. D-, of
Philadelphia, special agent of the Board
of Managers for the Lenten offering;
George C. Thomas of Philadelphia, treas
urer of the Domestic and Foreign Mission
ary Society, and by the Right Rev. Sam
uel Cook Edsall, D. D., a noted missionary
bishop formerly of North Dakota and now
in charge of the diocese of Minnesota,
Just before the service Gounod's "Ave
Maria" was rendered by Frank Kendall
on the violin, accompanied by Joseph
Kendall and J. De P. Teller with violin
and organ.
Under the personal direction of the
Right Rev. William Ford Nichols, Bishop
of California, a missionary meeting: was
held this afternoon at St. Paul's Episco
pal Church, the children of all of the Epis
copal churches of. Oakland taking part in
this union service. The Rev. Robert
Ritchie, rector of St. Paul's, and the full
vested choir of the church, assisted during
the services.
At St. John's Episcopal Church this
morning-, the sermon was preached by the
Right Rev. Reginald H. Weller Jr., Coad
jutor of Fond du Lac. The Bishop is a
rapid but interesting talker and his ser
mon, with the text "God so loved the
world," was full of beautiful thoughts,
beautifully expressed. He dwelt particu
larly on the humanity of the Savior and
said:
Why did he not come to us \u25a0 a full grown
man? He had the power to do so had he so
wished. But he came as a little baby. There
Is something wonderfully attractive about a
baby. It is so helpless, so dependent upon our
strength and our love. A remarkable thing
about our Lord was that he never lost that
attractiveness, but it« increased with his years.
Because of his humanity, we can feel that God
Is our brother, our master, our king. It will
always be so, because Christ built his empire
on human hearts. No one loves our Lord aa
Mary does, as Joseph does. And why? Because
during his helpless babyhood he was dependent
on them. His welfare, his very existence de
pended on their love and care. But now it is
not them, it is you he depends on. He depends
on your love, he wants your love. The highest
angel in heaven would like to stand where I
stand, to speak to men's hearts of him. I
wonder why It has been left to me? Because
he depends on men to build up his church, to
support his religion. God trusts. conflde3 in
us. Shall we betray that trust?
Would that some heart in this house of
prayer to-day awake and give back to God
love for love. Some of us to give more, some
of us to do more, all of us to love more. God
so loved the world. # .
At St John's Church.
it is due a large measure of the success of
the grospel of Christ. If Its work were not
so faithfully carried on it would be used as
an argument against our religion. " :
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1901.
PRELATES PREACH TO THE PEOPLE
Venerable Bishop of Springfield, Assisted by
Rev. Ritchie, the Rector, Officiates
at St. Paul's.
5TIDE AT THE CLIFF; HOUSE-S.,
City. "Almost every year at 'some time
during the month of June the tide be
tween the 1 Cliff House and the Seal Rocks
recedes sufficiently to admit of driving on
the beach between the two points. .. In
June of this year a four-horse team drove
on the beach at that point and the hoofs
of the horses were not wet;-
Choice candles, Townsend's, Palace Hotel*
Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
President Roosevelt is said to have informed sev
eral members of Congress that their recommenda
tions for appointments 'to office will be favorably re
ceived provided' they recommend fit men, and now
the Congressmen are wondering what sort of a fl t
the President likes best. / / y ~
PREMIUM DIMES— G. W. B., Benicia,
Cal. "The catalogues of Eastern coin deal
ers offer premiums for dimes of the fol
lowing given dates only: 1796,- 1798, .1800,
1801. 1S02, 1803, 1804, 1805., 1807, 1S09, 1811, 1822,
1S28* (large date).. The highest. premium is
offered for the dime of 1804, from %i to $8,
Judge Baker^yof Ohio has made something of a
sensation in the East by declaring from the 'bench:
"Man has a God-given right to wofk,\but no court
has a right to make him enjoy it, if he doesn't wish to
do so." On that platform the* Judge ought to get
the hobo vote whenever he runs for office. . •
FAILURE' TO PAY— C. D.. City. If a
naval officer who entered into a written
agreement to pay rent for premises fails
to do so, get an attorney to sue him and
he will see about the collection, If you re
cover judgment. The. Navy Department
is not a collection bureau.
ENGLISH ODD FELLOWS— D. E. M.,
City. There are three . branches of Odd
Fellows in England: The Independent Or
der of Odd' Fellows, Manchester Unity;
the Grand United Order. of Odd Fellows
and the National Independent Order of
Odd Fellows. \u25a0 > - .
The latest report is that since the -English have
repeatedly failed to lift the America's cup, and since
Sir Thomas Lipton has had no better luck when chal
lenging in the name -of an Irish yacht club, the
Scotch have come to the conclusion that victory is
reserved for them and aScotch syndicate is about to
issue a challenge. "
EUROPEAN CITIES-M. R., City. . Ac
cording to the census of 1897, the popula
tion of St. Petersburg was 1,267,023; that
of Berlin, census of*1900, was 1,843,000; that
of Paris, census of 1896, was 2,536,834, and
that of London; census of 1891,' 4,211,088.
STANDARD TIME— A. P. G., City. Pri
marily, for the convenience of the rail
roads, a standard of time was established
by mutual agreement in 1883, by which
trains are run and local time regulated.
According to this system, the United
States, extending from 65 degrees to 125
degrees, west, longitude, is divided into
four time sections, each of 13 degrees of
longitude, exactly equivalent to one hour.
The first (eastern) section includes all ter*
ritory between the Atlantic coast and an
irregular line drawn from Detroit to
Charleston, - S. C, the latter being its
most southern point. The second (central)
section includes all the territory between
the last-named line and an irregular line
from Bismarck, N. D., to the mouth of
the Rio Grande. The third (mountain*
section includes all territory between the
last-named line and nearly the western
borders of Idaho. Utah and Arizona. The
fourth (Pacific) section covers the rest ot
the country to the Pacific Coast. Standard
time is uniform inside each of these sec
tions, and the time of each section differs
from that next to it by exactly one hour
Thus at 12 noon In New York City (east
ern time), the time at Chicago (central
time) is 11 0 clock a. m.; at Denver (moun
tain time), 10 o'clock a. m. and at San
Francisco (Pacific time), 9 o'clock a m
Standard time Is sixteen minutes slower
at Boston than true local time, 4 minutes
slower at New York, S minutes faster at
Washington, 10 minutes faster at Charles
ton. 28 minutes slower at Detroit, 18 mm
utea faster at Kansas City, it, minutes
'slower at Chicago, 1 minute faster at m»
Louis, 28 minutes faster at Salt Lake Citv
and 10 minutes faster at San Francisco
There is no man better fitted than Lord Roberts
to advise the British' people to have patience instead
of fretting over the war in South Africa. Whatever
the struggle may have brought to others it has been
highly profitable to Roberts, and he can talk patience
with all the sincerity of a man who is himself well
satisfied and has no kick to make.
CONSUL GENERAL STOWE of Cape
Town, in the October number of Consular
Reports, gives a gloomy account of the pres
ent conditions of trade in South Africa, but an
nounces that the prospects of future trade are much
brighter than would have been expected of a country
that has been so harried and wasted by war.
Of the present situation he says: "The war. drags
along, trade in the Transvaal and the Orange River
Colony languishes; . the fields are bare, and practi
cally no planting has been attempted. Several thou
sand Uitlanders have returned to Johannesburg to
prepare the mines for future operations. A number
of these are at present engaged in working up the ore
mined before the outbreak of the war, but the mines
cannot be run at the full capacity until the return of
the native refugees/ which will probably not be until
after the cessation of hostilities." .
War has not been the only thing that has interfered
with trade. The Consul notes that there is a large
amount of merchandise and machinery at the ports
awaiting transportation to the interior, but just at the
time the railways were released from military traffic
so that they might handle the commercial shipments
there came a panic fear of the bubonic plague that
checked business^ prevented the moving of trains,
caused an exodus of the population and upset values.
Under' such circumstances the discharging of cargo
was "slow, and the Consul says: "At one time there
were in the harbor no fewer than 'ioo steamships and
quite as many sailing vessels, with cargoes valued at
nearly $25,000,000." : ~<f?f££
Our trade with South Africa is growing, the im
ports from this country having increased from a little
YOUNG VOTER— Minor, City. A minor
who will attain his majority just be
fore election day can register on making
the declaration that he will be of age on
the day set for election. He could not
vote without being registered.
SOUTH AFRICAN TRADE.
DISCHARGED SOLDIER— W. C, City.
This department doep not know "any way
by which an honorably discharged sol
dier who is unable to obtain work and
is without means to buy a ticket can
reach his home in the East."
It is noted that the St. Louis papers refer to the
President not as "Teddy," but as "Theo"; and it
would seem they are doing it just to show a culture
Superior to that of Chicago.^
ICE— A. E., City. Ice does not occupy
less space than water, for in the act of
freezing water expands. This is caused
by the particles of water crystallizing
separately, leaving many, hollow spaces or
intervals between them. """
Boss Croker of Tammany has had a volume pre
pared containing an extensive collection of cartoons
of which he is the target, and it is said he likes to
look at them. Evidently the old man knows a joke
when he sees it and isn't thinskinned.
It is said Emma Goldman thinks of undertaking a
dramatic career, and should she try it she would prbti
ably expand the theater, for while she would lower,
the stajre the audience would raise the roof.
OLD COINS— P. H. and C. C. C, City.
No premium in offered . for a five-dollar
piece of lS39.br 1840 nor for a quarter of
1853, unless it Is one without arrow heads
at date and without rays around the
eagle.
THE STAR ALGOL— C. G.. City. The
variable star Algol (Beta Persia) Is one
of the most conspicuous and noteworthy
lights in the heavens. Its changes of
luster are so considerable and performed
in so brief a period that a special degree
pf interest Is attributed to it. Its re
markable fluctuations of light were dis
covered as longr ago as 1669 by Montanarl.
The apparent magnitude of the star oscil
lates between 2.2 and 3.7 and it passes
through its various gradations of bril
liancy in (2 days 20 hours 48 minutes 15
seconds. The star is usually a " little
fainter than second magnitude and re
mains so for two days- thirteen and a half
hours, when It rapidly declines in luster
and within three and a half hours be
comes one of three and three-quarters
magnitude. It continues at this minimum
for about fifteen minutes, when it sud
denly acquires greater brilliancy, and in
three and a half hours acquires its or
dinary magnitude.
fi^f' v. B i nS °' the Junlor member of tha
Sn with pecul J a f 1 y lrrita «ns sneeze. It
Began with an elaborate and terrifyin*
wUhVm fa t Ci i al convul^ons,\ nd enfe
with a. most lame and impotent paroxysm
SSiST" dIsappolnted the espeSant;
"Your sneeze," said Mr. Gringo, tha
t^° r „ partn « r ' afte^ watching hta*
through one of his strenuatiors, "is a reg
ular circus." °
"A circus?" said Mr. Bingo
"Yes, sir," was the rejoined* "The per
formance never comes up to advance
notlces."-Youths- Companion" anca
yors^Vefu^^ 67 ' 3 soins to io *
"Well?" . .: tj M ' ; ' x
"Spudder can't flsh^-BrJxJklyn Life.
Confidential Explanatlonl» A nd whif
do we me an by saying that w* do noT m ?
statesman, "that we h^f^^J 1 " 5^
y "^Puc k . tlSn ' tnC « 3S^-^i;
Chorus-How splendid!— Tit-Bits.
boon?" 1 Kentuck * n °vel Is hav i n * a fin*
b 7h^^^^^^
Professor (to co-eds)-Now, youn- la.
dies, I desire to direct vmir,» ,
rings tn Das tw o beautiful
"If you are a sensible man" jialrf t**
• Mv X d H ° rte f- .V Y ° U Wil1 -S *SSn? S
TanaL " r f t^' Said tha cand1^ De
ZnS* ' + lf J Were a sensible man i
Reco?d haVe started -'-^iladelphli
shall we?-Pick-Me-Up. S m " ch '
A CHANCE'' TO SMUE.
PUND1TA RAMABAI— B. G. E., City.
Within a year there was published ah ac
count that Pundita Ramabai was still " in
India carrying on her work of educating
high caste Hindoo women.
PUBLIC RECORDS— Grub Gulch, Cal.
There is a general law that provides that
public records shall not be removed l'rom
the place where they belong' without per
mission of a court.-."
FREE HOSPITAL— L. A. L., Spreekels,
i Cal. There Is no free hospital in San
Francisco open to patients from all parts
of the State, Theie is the City and
County Hospital, where patients are
treated free, but the applicant, to be ad
mitted, must have been a resident of the
; city and county for at least thirty days.
Were it not for that rule many of the in
terior counties might ship all their county
; patients to San Francisco, and In that
way save the cost of medical treatment
and maintenance.
A MINOR'S PROPERTY— A. S. O. T. C,
Lathrop, Cal. The per-sonal property of a;
minor is his individual property and can
not be seized by the creditors of the^father
to satisfy a claim.
WORLD'S STOCK OF GOLD-W. J. G.,
Oakland, Cal. It is estimated that the
world's stock of gold is: Coined, 1,646,-'
400,000 flnp ounces, and uncoined, 263,400,000
fine ounces.
FOREIGN ARTISTS-Subscrlber. Peta
luma,-Cal. In almost every art gallery in
the principal cities of the United States
there are pictures by foreign artists. To
ascertain what these pictures are and the
names of the painters one would have
to consult the catalogue of every gallery.
There is not a collection of such cata
logues in San Francisco. The Hopkins
Institute of Art might be able to furnish
you the names- of some of the pictures
and names of artists.
THE MACCABEES— L. A. L... Spreckels,
Cal. The headquarters of the Knights of
the Maccabees of California is in San
Francisco. S. W. Hall is the State com-,
mander.
IRISH GIANT, A. O. S., City.— There is
a record of Patrick Cotter, who was called
"the Irish Giant." His height was 8 feet
7 inches. He died in September, 1806.
TAXES— Subscriber, City. The first
record of the levying of taxes upon the
citizens of a country was the act of Solon,
thevfirst Athenian legislator, 540 B. C;'
NATIONAL AIR— F. A. M., United
States, ship Philadelphia, Port Angeles,
Wash. It has never been decided which is
the national air of the United States, that
is there are three which are designated
national airs and' some claim that there
are more, but these three. are "America,"
"The Star Spangled Banner" and "Yankee
Doodle." The United States is large
enough and great enough to be able to
have three.
SLAVE— Old Citizen, City. There are no
slaves in the United States now, and when
there such a slave was not accorded
the right of franchise. .
State Controller E. P. Colgan. accom
panied by his wife, came down from Sac-
n ?K nt ? ! > ; e9terday and took apartments
at the Lack. •
Paymaster W. G. Gambrill of the United
States Army returned yesterday from
Portland. Or., where he has been stationed
P°a r ia S ce! eral m0DthS - He l3 Staylns at th <*
Gus Holmes, proprietor of the Knutts
ford Hotel of Salt Lake, is at the PaTaee
He leavea to-day for Los Angles to S
pervise the construction of the Hotel An
geles Frank Cummings. former c ler k o£
the Palace Hotel, will go with him.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas Flint of San Juan
returned yesterday fiora an extended tour
of the East and took apartments at the
Jfalace.
C. "W. Mier of Sacramento is at the Lick.
Dr. J. J. Hogan of Vallejo teat the Lick.
L. A. Crane of Santa Cruz h at the Pal
ace.
Dr. L. P. Tooley of WIUoto is at tha
Lick.
A. H, Nabel of Newcastle Is at the
Grand. 1.
Judge Thomas D. Bond of lakeport is
at the Palace.
E. E. Briggs, a rancher of Grldley i is
at the Grand.
Ira A. Collins, a minine promoter of
Hackensack, N. Y.. is nt the Grand. \u25a0
E. J. Rule, a raining man of Sonara i3
in the city and is staying at the Lick*.
E. R. Cramer, a manufacturer «f St
Louis, was among the arrivals at the Pal
ace yesterday.
heat into a gas. Water heated to a tem
perature of 212 degrees produces steam,
which escapes in the bubbles of the pro
cess of boiling. Steam is not visible. The
cloud that can be seen escaping from an
engine or locomotive or from the spout of
a kettle consist of small particles of water
or vapor and is the result of condensation
of the steam in contact with colder atmos
phere.
The cereal markets have shown little change dur
ing the week, the Government report issued Thurs
day being considered bearish on oats and bullish on
corn, though the changes in crop conditions were
not sufficient to produce any violent variation in
prices. Exports of wheat for the week fell off jome
what, owing to favorable crop prospects in the
Argentine and the United States, and to heavy offer
ings of Russian wheat "in England, but were still
large.
The country's failures for the week were 231,
against 232 for the same week last year. This is a
noteworthy change for the better, as the failures thus
far this year have generally been more numerous
than last year, though of srrlall liabilities as a rule.
Conditions in Wall street did not vary much last
week. The market was irregular and subject to brief
fluctuations, leaving the net proposition not far from
where it was at the close of the preceding week.
On this coast there are few new features. Since
the termination of the strike we have been doing an
increased business, and the commercial decks are
being rapidly cleared of large lines of merchandise
accumulated during the labor trouble, Renewed ac
tivity is seen in almost all lines, the downtown
streets arc thronged with drays and trucks, and the
wharves present their normal bustling aspect. Most
merchants say that business was never better at this
time of the year. .
Last week was one of many similar ones. Its very
activity made it devoid of especial feature. The bank
clearings showed the usual gain over the correspond
ing week in 1900, and the different sections of the
country reported the same unvarying active demand
for merchandise. This prosperity is making rather
monotonous reading, if making money can be said
to ever become monotonous. The distributive trade
fell oft somewhat in the West and Northwest, owing
to wet and warm weather, while several Southern
markets reported delayed collections, owing to the
restricted movement -in cotton. The Western job
bers reported less call for dry goods, clothing and
shoes, but these lines generally ease off in activity
at this time of the j'ear, when the wholesale stocks
have been completed.
But what may be called progressive work, such as
construction of buildings and appliances for manu
facturing, continues with unabated activity to such
an extent, indeed, that the iron and steel mills are
running to their full capacity to keep even with their
new orders and catch up with their old ones — some
thing that few have thus far been able to do, many
of them having work enough ahead to keep them em
ployed until well along into next year. The foot
wear factories all over the country report business
lively, and there is no immediate prospect of any
lower prices, especially as hides and leather a're firm,
with a pronounced tendency toward- still higher
prices. The Eastern shipments of boots and shoes
are twelve per cent larger than at this time last year.
There is less activity in dry goods, as mentioned
above, but sellers are very firm, and are in many in
stances asking prices above the views of buyers, both
at home and abroad.
ALL over the country there is a brisk demand
for goods, comprehending the usual fall and
winter, and in some lines even the spring de
mand. The movement is said to be remarkable. This
word has been used so often to characterize trade
during the past three cr four years that the public is
beginning to accept i+ as a regular descriptive ex
pression. Several times this year a slackening off of
business seemed at hand, and every time the lull
proved only a matter of a few days, being succeeded
b}' lively orders for merchandise from all over the
country. And this has been the course of trade for a
long time. No such prosperity has ever been experi
enced in the United States, and the end is evidently
not yet. S
RIVER AND HARBOR «BILL— B. W.,
Oakland, Cal. The river and- harbor bill
did not pass at the last held session of
Congress. \
NO HALT YET IN TRADE.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Cercle Francais Follows the Example of the Influential Organizations and Individuals That
Have Barred the Examiner, One of a Trio of Pernicious Nev/spapers.
i . CERCLE FRAXCAIS,
THE CALL, CITY. SAN FRANCISCO, Oct; 11. 190L
Gentlemen: In your iss.ue of to-day you published a number of local clubs who excluded-the Examiner from their prem
ises. We notice that our name is not mentioned amongst them. Should you at any time publish another list kirdly add the
name of our club. Very truly yours, • ' . E1IILE LEVY, Sjcretary.
A stranger to San Francisco might -well inquire
with surprise Why all those corporations should em
ploy the same attorney, and how it is that the one
man can serve them all, since each of them neces
sarily has a large amount of law business to occupy
the attention of its counsel. " The resident of San
Francisco, however, feels no surprise on the subject.
The services which Herrin renders to the corpora
tions do not keep him busy poring over law books.
They are of a nature which lead him to employ as
associate counsel such men as Kelly and Crimmins.
They are not so fatiguing to the brain as exhausting
to the conscience.
Had,he been a man of any. greatness of ideas or of
any tact, Herrin might have made his power useful
alike to the community and to his employers. He has,
however, preferred to associate with the lowest bosses
of politics rather than with the business elements of
the city, and to elect corrupt or corruptible' men to
office rather than to support good men. He has,
therefore, made enemies for every corporation he has
served, and has done them more harm than good.
He has so mismanaged the affairs of his employers
that they are now virtually compelled to stand in with
and support the worst elements of municipal politics
because Herrin has brought them into a position of
antagonism to the better elements.
With his dismissal from the Market Street Rail
way law department Herrin's power will to that ex
tent be curtailed. Then it will be for President Har
riman to determine how much longer he will retain
at the head of the law department of the Southern
Pacific Company "a man who' g;ves so much of his
time to other corporations, so much to private prac
tice, so much to associating with Kelly and with
Crimmins, much to corrupting Supervisors and
so much to alienating from the road the favor and
the friendship of merchants, of manufacturers -and of
the community as a whole.
Herrin's relations to the corporations of, which he
acts as attorney have been peculiar. If he devoted
himself strictly to law matters, or if he undertook a
faithful supervision. of the law business of the South
ern Pacific Company,. he would have enough to do in
the work of that corporation alone to occupy his time
and employ all of his energies. It happens, how
ever, that the. kind of service he renders under the
name of "law" is of sr.ch a nature that he serves not
only the Southern Pacific, but the Market Street
Railway, the gas company and water company as
weii. . - " ' ' \u25a0 ; ... .
WITH the transfer of the Market Street
Railway system to a syndicate of Baltimore
capitalists who operate street railways as a
matter of business and 'not for politics, there will
come to the people of San Francisco many benefits.
One of the most important of these will be a cur
tailment of the pow<r of W. F. Herrin, who will no
longer hold the position of attorney for the road.
THE ELIMINATION OF HERRIN.
The organization -in London of a tobacco trust
strong enough to control the entire tobacco trade of
Great Britain is the latest combine, reported in the
commercial world, and the. people who have been
saying that trusts are due to the American system of
protection will have to put it in their pipes and
smoke it.
OCTOBER 14. 1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address AH Cosuannitttions to W. 8. LEAKS. Xauagsr.
JlAJVAGEirS OFFICE . .Telephone Fre«» 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Marlcet and Third, S. F.
Telephone Preaa 2O1.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevemoa St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered t»y Carriers. 13 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. S Cents.
Terms hy Mail, Including Postages
2JAIL.T CALXj (ineludinp Sunday). on« year M.W
DAILY CALL, (including Eurday), < months l.M
DAILY CALL (lcchxdinr fiunday). t x.-onth* 1-50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month *3°
. 6CNDA.T CALL. On» Tear I- 58
WEEKLT CALL. One Tear 1W
All postmasters are Authorized, to reeelre
subscriptions.
SampU copies will be forwarued when requested.
Mall euhacrtbert In crderlnr changr* of .address tbould b«
particular to eive both NEW AKD OLD ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. *
Hunger Foreign Adrertisi&r. Kar^nette Building, Chic»jo.
tLcct Distance Telephone "Central 2G9.">
KlfW TOBK CORRESPONDENT:
C. C. CARLTO.V. ................. .Herald Sanare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH 30 Tribune Build ins
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Boose; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
NEW TORK NEWS STANDS:
Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. BrenUno. XI Union Square;
Morray Hill Hotel. .^^__^^__^_^_____
The British battleship Resolution, at
present serving as flagship of the Chan
nel squadron, is to be withdrawn and re
placed with the Formidable, just com
pleted. The London Engineer expresses
the opinion to the effect that the Reso
lution is a "back number," that she was
The French battleship Jena reflects
great credit on the expedition shown In
construction and the satisfactory result of
her trials. Her keel was laid at the Brest
dockyard, January 15, 189S, and the launch
took place September 1 of the same year.
On-January 19 last the ship went to sea
to undergo trials under medium speed and
everything worked well, a mean speed of
fourteen knots .with 5100 horsepower being
attained. Four subsequent trials of four,
six, six and twenty-four hours, under
varying conditions, have taken place with
gratifying results, her average speed with
maximum horsepower being 17.4 knots
during six hours. Neither engines nor her
twenty water-tube boilers gave any
trouble' whatever. The. Jena is of 12,052
tons displacement and'eost about |5,600,
000, Including guns.
take third place in the list of the world's
naval powers.
Five destroyers, or high-sea . torpedo
boats, have been contracted for. to "be
built at the Germania yards," Kiel, for the
German navy. ; Their ( horsepower .will be
600(5, or about 1 the same power as that of
the coast defense 'ship Lachsen, a vessel
twenty times larger than built twenty
four years ago. The acceptance trlal3
are severe in the German navy and there
is no chance for "jockeying," or getting
up artificial speed. The vessel is manned
entirely by naval officers, navy engineers,
firemen and machinists and the series of
trials are no less than six in number, the
successful outcome of all being pretty
sure to establish • the efficiency of the
boat. The most important is the so
called "storm trial," in which "the tor
pedo-boat-destroyer must pass four hours
on the open sea,with a force of wind of
thirty-five to . sixty-five miles an hour,
the propellers making a -number, of revo
lutions corresponding to fifteen knots in
smooth water and upon the behavior of
the boat under these conditions depends
its acceptance or declination.
LEADING FRENCH CLUB OF SAN FRANCISCO
EXCLUDES ANARCHISTIC YELLOW JOURNAL
THE bird of freedom is the generally
accepted ornament serving as a
figurehead on American war ves
• sels. It is- bronze • casting and: is
as much apart of the ship as the
ke >I plate or any, portion of the , ma
chinery. The appropriation bill providing
for the building- ; of new ships has this
provision since 1890: "In all their parts
said vessels shall be of domestic manu
facture." Prior to 1889 there were certain
articles such as hpllow shafting and par
ticular steel castings which it was found
necessary to import, but this necessity
no longer exists, yet the- law is being con
stantly violated and parts of engines
have been purchased in Europe. The
latest instance of disregard of the law
referred to -is- the arrival in New York
on October 5 of the British*, steamer
Maristow from Havre with -six cases of
bronze eagles to decorate United States
war vessels. The work was done .In
France, where the workmen receive $150
a day, against $3 50 paid to our work
men. The work could have been done
as well in this country and it is to be
presumed that only the comparative
cost prompted violation of spirit and let
ter of the law.
Four torpedo boats recently completed
for the United States navy have passed
successful trials, all exceeding their con
tract speed. The Shubrick, calculated to
make twenty-six knots, made 26.75; Bag
ley and Barney exceeded their contract
for twenty-eight knots by 1.2 and 1.1
knots, and the Bailey made 30.2 knots, or
.2 knots over the contract. The new tor
pedo-boat-destroyers have been less suc
cessful, notably the Perry, which reached
a maximum speed of only 28.20 knots, or
.8 knots short of the contract, although
the horsepower was 7752, or 752 in excess
of the power calculated. The failure was
due to defective design and several boats
similarly affected are having their sterns
reconstructed with a view to overcoming
the defect in speed.
The growth of the German navy since
1879 has been almost as phenomenal as
that of Japan. The naval' force In 1879
was seventy-four ships of all classes,
which ten years later had increased to
198. By 1920 the navy will include thirty
eight battleships,* twenty large and forty
five small cruisers, and Germany will
able to keep station during the recent na
val maneuvers at thirteen and on«-half
knots only. The ship was', launched In 1S93
and is credited with a trial speed of 17.5
knots, and the deterioration, in her sU
years' service is something remarkable,
equaling that of our Indiana and Iowa,
which in a couple of year**: became nina
and eleven-knot battleships, although their
trial "speeds had been £3*17 and 17.057
knots, respectively.
The -Syren, torpedo-boat destroyer, built
by Palmer at Jarrow-on-Tyne, has made
her official trial and averased 670S horse
power and thirty knots for tlaree hours. Iu
six runs over the measured mile course.
the horsepower was 6689 and the speed
29.812 knots'. • I
Japan is rapidly developing shipbuilding
operations in Its dockyards and within
five years will be independent of foreign
shipbuilders. At the present two protected
cruisers, named Niikata and Tsushima,
each of 3120 tons displacement, are being
built at'the Yokosuko dockyard. They are
334.6 feet in length, 43.76 feet b<am and 18
feet drausht. with engines of MOO horse
power, calculated to give a speed of twen
ty knots. Four destroyers of 381 tons and
twenty-nine knots speed are aso being
built at that yard, while at the Kure dock
yard six torpedo boats of 152 1 tons and
twenty-nine knots are in course of con
struction.
The armor and steel plant nov beinj? es
tablished by the Japanese Government is
estimated to cost $3468,732 and Jo be com
pleted in five years.
The Russian Pacific squadron will in*
the future consist of six battleships, eight
armored-- cruisers, seven seafoingr gun
boats, two torpedo transports} five tor
pedo-boat-destroyers and a flotilla of tor
pedo boats. The agienregate displacement
of this fleet is 143.524 tons. dj-rying 21S
heavy guns and 686 smaller qilck-flrers.
Spain has ordered two school ihips built
by contract- They are to be oj 2500 tons
displacement, ship rig-ged and -tfith auxil
iary engines to give a speed qf twelvo
knots, and a coal capacity for 4 cruising
radius of 2000 miles. The baturies will
consist of eight six-pounders, tw> smaller
guns and and two torpedo tubes.
Rhodes is quite safe in putting any color he chooses
upon the bribe he says he paid, for both Schnad
horst and Gladstone are dead, and ' neither can
confront him. But we believe the character of Glad
stone stands in testimony that nothing can impeach
against the implied charge that Rhodes evidently de
sires to make. At present the Liberal party is,, in
such a condition of demoralization that Rhodes can
hardly hurt it, and the Conservative party, led by
Lord Salisbury, is in such a position that nothing
can help it. It is held together solely because there
is no opposition to which -men can safely go, and it
will retain power indefinitely, until new issues arise
and compel a new partisan alignment. These issues
are not at present apparent in the germ. The Jionor
and integrity of the empire have been made to de
pend upon the complete conquest of South. Africa
and the extermination of the Boers, and while Eng
lishmen chafe at the delay and at the cost of the war,
and criticize the Ministry, they have no choice but
to support it.
It is probable that Schnadhorst, like many other
campaign managers, was willing to replenish the
party treasury from any source and to make any bar
gain that would bring money. These things are in
cident to politics and campaigns, and such bargains
are repudiated by the real leaders more frequently
than they are kept. Special bargains have been made,
in campaign emergencies in this country, and usu
ally have led to trouble. Lincoln was involved in
one by his managers in the Republican National
Convention of i860, by which they obligated him to
put Simon Cameron in the Cabinet, an appointment
that led to no end of trouble and scandal, that finally
compelled the President to expel Cameron and ap
point Stanton. The treaty of Mentor, between Gar
field and Conkling, was another bargain made in the
necessities of a campaign, to be broken by the Presi
dent, and the breach brought in its train many tragic
and grievous consequences.
But neither Lincoln nor Garfield ever became in
volved in a transaction that made necessary a promise
to violate party principle or sell out a party policy.
This is the intended implication of the affair which
Rhodes has divulged, and the world will not believe
that Gladstone was a party to any such arrangement.
His political career knew many 1 reverses, and the ups
and downs of his public life make an intensely inter
esting chapter in the history of British politics, but
he never purchased power by a sacrifice of principle.
In justice to. his great rival, Disraeli, the same must
be said of him, and of the other great party leaders
of England in the nineteenth century. The princi
ples of parties in Great Britain were as definite as in
this country during the last century, and there, as
here, parties were willing to die but not to surrender.
He declares that he bargained with Schnadhorst, a
Liberal campaign manager,' that for the sum of £5000
the British army was to be left in Egypt by Glad-,
stone, and that Ireland was to retain representation
in the British Parliament, no matter what Home Rule ,
bill was passed. As for the latter, there would have
been no inconsistency in giving Ireland home rule
and representation in the Imperial Parliament. That
is a plan that has been canvassed to secure the gen
eral Parliamentary federation of Great Britain and
all the crown colonies. They could well have home
rule and each its own Parliament to legislate in all
local concerns, and representation in the Imperial
Parliament to take care of their interests in the fed
erated empire. Such a system would be exactly like
ours, for here the States have home rule and home
legislation and a representation in Congress in re
spect to their Federal interests and relations. There
would have been no sacrifice of principle in the adop
tion of such a system by Gladstone. Nor is it clear
that he held as a cardinal principle of his politics
that Egypt should be evacuated, though Rhodes re
garded his attitude upon that subject with suspicion.
.To make out a case against Gladstone's memory,
however, Mr. Rhodes must establish the fact that
the bargain with Schnadhorst was known to and ap
proved by Gladstone, the leader of the Liberal party.
Of this he submits no evidence, and therefore his
revelation fails as an impeachment of the integrity
of the Grand Old Man. . *T
MR. GLADSTONE seemed to belong so much
- to all mankind that human interest in his
name and fame will long survive in the
world.
Because of this the recent letter of Cecil Rhodes
excites great interest, far outside of England. Rhodes
seems to seek to put Gladstone in the position of_
having sold out his own principles and the policy of
his party for a campaign contribution of .£5000. It
is true that Rhodes has, in making this revelation/
the pretext of a denial of the transaction by Sir Wil
liam Vernon Harcourt and Sir Henry Campbell-
Bannerman, which impeached his veracity. But that
denial was apparently' provoked by him for the pur
pose of opening the way to his full narrative of the
affair. \u25a0
RHODES AND GLADSTONE.
BRONZE EAGLES FOR AMERICAN
WARSHIPS IMPORTED FROM FRANCE
over $16,694,000 in. 1 899 '/to more than "$20,000,000 in
190a The increase is due' of course to the demand
for war supplies and foodstuffs. With the return of
peace the war demand .will fall off, but the Consul
believes the reviving industries of the people will
more than compensate for any diminution^ on that
score. .\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0-\u25a0
In speaking of the future he says: "It is said plans
are matured for expending $50,000,000 in new rail
ways; that several thousand miles of telegraph lines
are to be erected and renewed; that $5,000,000 is to
be expended for public works and $15,000,000 on har
bors," that $500,000 is to be invested in electric lines
in Natal; that $25,000,000 or more is to be expended
in the Transvaal ami a like amount in Orange River
Colony." •
The machinery and the material used in these
works will of course be obtained from the quarter
where they can be had cheapest, for South Africa
will have no money to spare- when the task of re
building begins., There is therefore a chance for
Americans to enter the market in competition with
the British. The Consul says: "Our trade for 1899
and 1900 with' the Uitlanders of the Boer states (our
best customers in those states) has been lost owing
to their exodus. On their return to their old busi
ness their trade will be again open. to us, and in time
a great improvement will be witnessed, particularly
in Johannesburg. The streets will be properly paved
I and the sewerage system so much needed will be in
stalled. A beginning has been made in opening up"
the mines, hotels and stores. Goods are being for
warded by the military authorities. ; As soon as mer
chants have ample stocks the military stores will be
closed." "
It will be seen, then, that the outlook for trade in
South- Africa is' by no means bad. The vast amount
of Government work to be done will be particularly
.attractive to American manufacturers, and so the
ruin that has been wrought by British war will be
remedied to a large extent by American industry
and enterprise.
THE SAN FRANCISCO: CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER .14, 1901.
STEAM— A. E., City. The v .text books
lay 'down that steam is water changed by
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen' s),' 5X0 Uonh
eornery street. Telephone Main 1013, •
SUMMER. RATES at Hotel del Coronado
Coronado Beach, Cal.. effective after April 15
$60 for round trip. Including 15 day» at hotel*
pacific Coast S. S. fa.. 4 New Montgomery B C
Indiana has already Had her first snowfall .this sea
son, .and as it is said to been the earliest in
thirty years the weather men are prophesying a bad
winter from way; back. /.The scare, however, will not
reach to California. Our" weather :is-all right.
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50 C a
pound. In fire-etched boxes or Jap' bas
kets. A nice present for Eastern frienda.
639 Market street. Palace Hotel btUding*
Cal. glaca fruit 50c per lb at Tovnaend'v*
6
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
• California— "Rudolph and Adolph."
Tivcli— Verdi Niffht.
Grand Opera-house— "The Lit»le Minister."
Grand Opera-house— Benefit of Charity Fund of the Asso-
ciated Theatrical Manager*. Thursday afternoon, October 17.
Columbia— * 'Florodora."
Orpfceum — Vaudeville.
Chutes, Zoo and TUeater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evening.
Fischer' 5— Vaudeville.
Alhambra— Royal Italian Band, Sunday even Ing, October IS.
Sutro BathE — Oi>en nights.
AMUSEMENTS.
By M. B. Mihran— This day, at 11 a. m. and 2 p. "m., at 333
Poet et., Ortentai Rugs.
AUCTION SALES.Kentucky and chairman of the, House of
Bishops In the Generar Episcopal Con
vention , no w in session in San j Francisco,
preached this morning before the largest
STANFORD UNIVERSITY; Oct. 13.-
The Rt. Rev. Thomas U. Dudley, Bishop of
Preaches Before Largest
Assemblage Ever in
BISHOP DUDLEY
AT STANFORD
Jacob's ladder, the preacher pointed
out, was a symbol of the Christ. Christ
waa sent to earth to be the mediator be
tween man and God. His qualifications
for this office were his intimate acquaint
ance with human nature and his ability
to share the thoughts of the Supreme
Being. Like Jacob's ladder the Christ
character rested on earth and reached to
the great white throne.-
He told how Jacob, after realizing the
omnipresence of God,' determined to Jive
down his past and how he so succeeded
that God changed his name from Jacob
or the supplanter. to Israel. He com
pared Jacob's experience with that of the
young man who is reared In a religious
atmosphere and going out into* the world
leaves behind him the* teachings of his
youth. He recommended the example of
Jacob's struggle against a naturally base
nature and pointed out the shining top
of the ladder as the goah where reward
awaits all such persistent effort.
Bishop Morrison of Duluth preached
yesterday afternoon at the King's Daugh
ters' Home, 317 Francisco street. A num
ber of visitors attended the service.
Homer Henley contributed a solo and
members of St. Peter's choir lent tha as
sistance of their voices to the choral part
of a service that will be long remem
bered by the inmates of the home. Rev.
W. M. Bours, rector of St. Peter's Epis
copal Church, conducted the service.
Bishop Morrison used as his text the
last verso of the first chapter of St.
John, "And he saith unto him, Verily,
verily, I say unto you, hereafter ye shall
see Heaven open and the angels of God
ascending and descending upon the son
of irian."
The right! reverend visitor spoke in part
as follows: \u25a0 . . -.
"These words refer us back to an ear
lier chapter in Bible history; to the
promise made by God to Jacob at Bethel.
Jacob, you will remember, was in flight
from the wrath of his brother, Esau. His
scheme for securing a fortune had failed
and he found himself a fugitive and ab
solutely dependent upon hia own efforts
for whatever measure of prosperity the
future^ might hold for him. . •
•Jacob's only hope lay in finding? iiis
wealthy uncle. It 'was during this search
that he had the wonderful vision of the
ladder extending from his uninviting
camping ground into the^lorious light of
Heaven." ' v
Bishop Morrison Speaks
to King's Daughters'
Patients.
JESUS CHRIST
THE MEDIATOR
Contrast the condition of women to-day with
the condition of women at the Roman courts.
The generatior»vto-day are calling woman
blessed because she is the mother of the son
of God. The rule at Rome was. to put the
crippled and deformed children on the hills to
be torn by wild beasts. How is it to-day that
the house with the cross on it stands on these
hills and outstretched hands wait to receive
these children? Such things come directly and
immediately from that open grave where the
eleven men are standing, saying. "He has
risen." There is more evidence for the truth
of Jesus Christ's resurrection from the dead
than for any other fact in the world. If be
cause of that evidence I yield my will to him.
I am Joined to him am saved. 1 will be saved
saved here In this world, that I may resist tha
temptations of the world around me. "
Remember that God almighty is seeking to
make character. He wants to make me to b«
something else, not to be counted something
else. \u25a0 Believe in him, not in my theory about
him nor in another man's theory about him.
•'Can I believe that man gone down to death
can arise again?" That Is the question that
men and women all over this country are ask
ing, not with flippancy, but with tears and a
tremor In their voices. Do not denounce men
who are asking: this question. It is too easy
to make hard words take the place of hard
arguments. -Shall I tell my friend that just
as he came through the closed doors of the
supper room, at Jerusalem, so has he come
through tho closed doors of my heart? But
my best friend has said, "I don't deny tha
spiritual visitation on your part.' but there has
been none such on my part." Shall I tell him
that he has the book in which to find proof and
let him make answer that it has been torn >to
pieces by scientists; that he cannot understand
the scriptures because they are old? I have
come this day to declare not a theory, dogma
or supposition, but a fact that God has raised
Jesus Christ from the dead.
Saint Paul, who wrote this .epistle to the
Romans, was no. Ignorant fisherman. He waa
a man brought up in all the learning of hia
nation; the greatest man that God ever suffered
to live on this earth. He says that the gospel
o{ Jesus Christ is so simple and clear that any
man can understand It.
Roanoke Rye, Honey and Horehound.
Get it. You'll not regret it. •
congregation of students ever assembled
in the university chapel.
Bishop Dudley took as his text Romans
x:$— "That if thou shalt confess with thy
mouth the Lord Jesus and shalt believe
in thine heart that God hath raised him
from the dead thou shalt be saved." He
spoke very eloquently and with great feel
ing, saying in part:
Bishop Wells Interspersed his address
with many pathetic and humorous anec
dotes. As illustrating the zeal of men
who traveled thousands of miles in order
that they might locate their home near a
church, he told of a man who left his
home in Iowa with a sick wife in order
to settle In Washington. When they
reached the settlement in which the Bish
op at that time was residing, the first
object to attract the emigrant's attention
was a gilded church spire. In a voice trem
bling with emotion, he called to his wife,
but she answered him not. On turning he
found her cold In death. Then came a
snowstorm, in the midst of which he
reached \u25a0 the Episcopal residence— a poor
log hut. There the Bishop welcomed the
stricken husband and father, and made his
miserable lot comfortable. On the follow
ing day the remains of the wife and
mother were laid to rest on the bleak hill
side within the shadow of the church she
had traveled so far to see, yet never be
held. The speaker- related -other anec
dotes Illustrative of the practical work
being done by missionaries In the cause of
Christ in the great Northwest, and closed
his address with a plea to all to remain
steadfast in the labor imposed upon them
by God and the church for the regenera
tion of men.
Bishop Leonard of Salt Lake followed
with an Interesting account of, the work
being done In the missionary field in
Utah, Nevada and Colorado. Of the 400,000
people in his lurisdiction, 250,000 are Mor
mons. Yet the situation wa3 most en
couraging. Polygamy was in Its death
throes, and according to the- speaker It
will have died out with another genera
tion. Resuming, he said:
"The church is growing rapidly In my
district in despite of many difficulties. We
are erecting houses of worship, and not
one of them is encumbered with debt. That
there is a wide field for missionary work I
can assure you. One day I went to a town
In Nevada and talked to the children in
Sunday-school about Christ. I asked them
if they could tell me who and what Christ
was. One girl said she could. I asked
her if Christ was a man like me, and she
replied, 'No, he was a good man.' On
another occasion I went to a place in
Colorado where, one Sunday, a special col
lection- was taken up for the cause. A
rough miner was asked to pass around the
hat, and the first man put in twenty-five
cents. The miner, pointing a revolver at
the head of the man. made the announce
ment that- no donation , under a dollar
would be received. The result was one of
the largest collections in the history of
the church. This zeal, when the religious
spirit is once aroused, accomplishes won
ders. I believe In advertising the church
as a business man does his wares. When
I travel, I travel like a drummer for a bus
iness house. I let everyone know that I
am a. servant of the Master. Sometimes I
am mistaken for another. One day, while
on a train in Utah, I observed a woman
eyeing me, as well as my grips, which, I
confess, had a very business-like appear
ance. Finally she asked me if I would
not kindly lend her my corkscrew, as she
had a. bottle of wine she desired to uncork
• While 'I could not provide the desired ar
ticle, I was gratified to learn 'that I had
a business-like air. about me. What we
The subject of missionary work was
the theme discussed last evening in a
very entertaining manner by three Bish
ops at St. Stephen's Episcopal Church.
The Bishops were Rt. Rev. Funsten of
Boise, Idaho; Rt. Rev. Wells of Spokane,
Wash., and Rt. Rev. Leonard of Salt
Lake/City.
Bishop Funsten was Introduced after
the praise service. He said he was glad
to see signs of vigorous growth " in St.
Stephen's Church. His experience taught
him that it was much easier to talk with
progressive than non-progressive people.
Resuming, he said:
"Material progress means spiritual
progress. To those who have the true
missionary spirit the work of extending
the kingdom of Jesus Christ is one of
supreme pleasure. In the jurisdiction of
Boise we are working zealously. That
city, being the capital of the common
wealth, exerts an Influence and Impor
tance far beyond anything the size of
its population would seem to warrant. My
missionary district is 600 miles long and
about 200 miles wide, the tract embrac
ing 112,000 square miles of territory. We
cannot cbmpare with your proud State of
California, except, perhaps, in earnest
ness of purpose. Since I came to this city
I. with many others, have felt that the
greatness of this State does not exceed
your hospitality, nor does the magnifi
cence of your resources equal your Inter
est in the affairs of our church."
The speaker then alluded to the charac
ter of the people of the missionary dis
trict of Boise. The residents of the coun
try, forests and mountains, he said, 'were
unaccustomed to the comforts of civiliza
tion such as are found in the older com
munities, but they represented the true
spirit of American citizenship— that spirit
which enabled them to adapt themselves
uncomplainingly to circumstances. Men
engaged In the mines thought too much
of material and not enough of spiritual
things. Yet the work of rescuing men
and women was progressing most satis
factorily. Among the Indians, too, the
gospel was spreading, there having been
122 Indians baptized on the reservations
last 'year. Throughout the entire district
the Christian spirit among men was
growing, and the promises of the future
were most brilliant.
Bishop Wells of Spokane was the next
speaker. He illustrated in a practical
way the missionary work being done in
Eastern Washington. When he went
into the field there was one town of less
than 1000 people, and of that number
there were only six church communi
cants. Since that time 18 church build
ings have been erected, with 3 diocesan
schools and 1 hospital. Instead of 1 town
with 1000 Inhabitants there are now in
the district 30 towns numbering from 1000
to. 30,000 people. The vast extent of terri
tory, as well as the remoteness of com
municants from houses of worship, ren
dered ministration more or less diffi
cult.
Practical Addresses by
Noted Bishops at St.
Stephen's.
MISSION WORK
IN THE WEST
"We all find the need for a refuge at
times. When the news was spread abroad
of the death by an assassin's hand of our
beldved President every heart in the land
turned for refuge to the God in whose
shelter our great, good magistrate tound
rest after his well fought fight.
" 'And he said unto them come ye your
selves apart into a desert place and rest
a while.' "
"The injunction to keep holy the Sab
bath day Is one of the strongest laws
given us. It was made strong on purpose;
it was made strong because the Sabbatu
was made for man.
The Right Rev. William C. Doane. D.D..
Bishop of Albany, preached at Grace
Church yesterday morning and In the
evening the sermon was delivered by-
Right Rev. William. Nellson McVlcker.
Bishop Coadjutor of Rhode Island. Both
services were largely attended.
Bishop McVicker, the gentle, genial
giant of the convention, took for his text
the thirty-first verse of the sixth chapter
of St. Mark: "And he said unto them
come ye yourselves apart into a desert
place and rest a while."
He said in part: "These are the words
of Jesus to his twelve closest and best
beloved friends. They are full of exquisite
tenderness and thought. The twelve dis
ciples have just returned from, their first
missionary journey. They are tired and
discouraged and their spirits have been
further dampened by the news of the
death of John the Baptist. They are un
strung and worn out. They come to Jesus
full of fear at the\turn things have taUen,
full of perplexity and doubt. He Invites
them to 'come apart and rest a while.'
"Alone! Alone with their Master. Alone
with the teacher that had opened their
eyes to the new life. Alone with their
comforter in many a dark hour In the
past. We are not told what happened In
those moments. We can realize their
anxious questioning and his patient, com
forting explanation., We can imagine his
telling them that nothing has happened
which he did not predict when- they took
up the burden of his work. We can pic
ture them in that quiet desert sanctuary
gradually finding rest for their wrought
up nerves, peace for their anxious hearts
as they listen to the words of friendly art
monition from the lips of their beloved
Master.
"Have^we never felt in our own lives
the strength-giving influence of contact
with some one stronger, better, wiser,
nearer to God' than ourselves? Oh, this
wonderful American life! Where Is it go
ing to lead us? When do we ever take
the time to 'take ourselves to a desert
place and rest a while'? In the old days
men found time for these periods of rest,
but nowadays men even die with a rush
Instead. of peacefully wearing away as did
our forefathers.
"But rest we must have if we wish to
maintain our proper place among the na
tions of the earth. People of America! a
nation that never finds time to go apart
has no time for the best that is in this
life. In our Sunday we have this oppor
tunity. On Sunday we can go apart and
rest a while. Let us preserve our Sunday
to this purpose.
Bishops of Albany and
Rhode Island at Grace
Church.
AMERICA'S NEED
IS MORE REST
Ross denies emphatically that he was at
the Carlson house Saturday afternoon. He
said after he left 1419 Taylor street he
went down town and asserted that he
could produce a number of witnesses who
saw him on Montgomery street about the
time he is accused of having been on
Sixth avenue. After the hubbub made by
the women over the loss of the $500 he
went down town and had several drinks
before going to his rooms at 121 Mont
gomery street. He has only been married
a few months and hints that his wife is to
blame for his arrest.
Ross has been in several scrapes recent
ly. He was accused some months ago of
signing Judge Kerrigan's name to a de
cree of divorce in the case of Frank Kel
ler. Proceedings were brought against
him for disbarment, but were quashed. He
has also been arrested twice for embez
zling funds of clients, but the cases were
dismissed.
Boss Makes a Denial.
The ladies suspected Ross and at once
returned to 1419 Taylor street. Tbey ac
cused -him of taking the money, but he
denied it and §ifter a stormy scene left.
They decided to notify the police and yes
terday morning Carlson reported the mat
ter. .Dillon and Crockett were detailed on
the case and, accompanied by Carlson,
went to Ross' room at 121 Montgomery
street. He was asleep in bed. Dillon found
a $20 gold piece In his bureau drawer dur
ing a search for the money, and when
they woke Ross up he was told of what
he was accused. He denied it and said
all the money he had was 15 or 20 cents.
In his pockets was $5 50, and when asked
about the $20 found In his bureau drawer
he said he knew nothing: about it.
Dillon and Crockett ascertained that
Teller Richter of the California Bank, who
lives at 157 Sixth avenue, saw a man an
swering- Ross' description enter the front
gate at the Carlson home and go to the
rear, -about 4:30 Saturday afternoon. He
described the man to his wife, who re
marked it must be Attorney Ross. The
detectives found a jack knife c'ose to the
trunk with a broken blade that had been
taken from the kitchen to force the trunk
open.
J." K. Ross, an attorney, was arrested
yesterday morning In his room, 121 Mont
gomery street, by Detectives Dillon and
Crockett and booked at the City Prison
on a charge of grand larceny.
Ross is accused of having stolen $500
belonging to Mrs. Rheinholdt Hohshuter.
aunt of Mrs. Charles Carlson." The money
was in a trunk at the Carlson residence.
161 Sixth avenue, Richmond,'. and the at
torney is accused of having broken into
the residence, forced open the trunk and
stolen the coin. The theft is alleged to
have occurred Saturday afternoon at 4:30
o'clock.
Ross was married some months ago to
Mrs. Harns, a widow living at 1419 Taylor
street. She is Mrs. Carlson's mother. Sat
urday afternoon Mrs. Holzhuter and Mrs.
Carlson called upon Mrs. Ross. Ross was
there. and remarked that he would "treat"
them, but he had only 5 cents. He left the
house in a few minutes and returned in
about two hours, telling them that he had
plenty of money and was going into busi
ness with a friend. Mrs. Carlson and Mrs.
Holzhuter left for home about- 7 o'clock
in the evening and when they reached
there they found the rear door open. Mrs,
Holzhuter's trunk had been broken open
and the $500 waa sone.
Ladies Suspect Boss.
Accused of Stealing Money
From Trunk in Step
daughter's House.
He Is Arrested on a
/Charge of Grand
Larceny. : .
want in missionary work Is business meth
ods. If we let the world know that our
business is to spread the gospel of the
Savior, we may hope to accomplish some
good. Let us hold up the banner of Jesus
wherever. we go, and by our example in
spire others to follow."
After the addresses the congregation
heard closing prayers and benediction by
Bishop Nichols, all then joining in the
singing of the Coronation hymn.
"!No man ever succeeds in this world unless
he is earnest I say be earnest in your work
for the church. Be humble, be earnest, be lov
ing and be patient."
Bishop Edsall, th.i last speaker, grave
an interesting account of the work
among the peopls'of North Dakota, recit
ing- some entertaining stories of his ox
periences among the Indians In the
Northwest. He told the children that
they could all be missionaries right at
home. He said:
Every one of- you who induces another child
to go. to church and to attend Sunday school is
a missionary.
"This Is a work wherein the very smallest
person can help as well as the largest. Re
member that it is not the amount of money,
but it is the. spirit in- which It Is given that
counts. The man. who is worth $1,000,000 can
easily put . ?100 on the plate, but I have seen
young men and women denying themselves
necessities that they might contribute their
mite to the church — they would go plodding
through storm, rain -and snow . to save the
car fares for the church. That's real giving.
are working side by side with the Women's
Auxiliary, which has done so nobly by mission
work. - r
cans of this city. There were possibly
1000 present to greet him. Assisted by the
pastor, a considerable part of the Bpisco
pal service was- fallowed, and the splen
did choir rendered very appropriate and
beautiful selections.
The sermon was based upon the Acts of
the Apostles, in which Peter and John
testified to the waiting multitudes as they
preached "that they, could but speak of
the things they "had seen and heard."
After explaining the context the Bishop
told of the efforts of the early church to
preach, the Gospel to all nations, both
Jews and gentiies. - He said: \u25a0
"Jeeus Christ was their leader, so that
wherever they went they were not alone,,
but with Jesus. There is no other way to
go forward in any line of Christian ser
vice, and being soldiers for him, he would
never desert us as our captain. The
Lord's Prayer which you spoke this morn
ing: in your beds/ and which we together
united in repeaMng- to-night, should come
\u25a0with great force and power upon us as
Christians.
" 'Our father' means' that he Is the
father of us in San Francisco— in Amer
ica. But it does not stop there. Our is
plural, and means that he is our father
in Africa as well as In Europe and Amer
ica. So I come to you to-night to ask
you to remember your heathen brethren
in far-away, dark Africa. lam praying
that large numbers of young "men and
young women, such as. I find In San Fran
cisco and In all this land, will hear the
call and will offer themselves to go with
me and help redeem our native African
brethren from the curse of sin, error and
superstition." \u25a0 y
The Bishop was clad In hfs clerical robes
and with a great deal of nervous energy
delivered an interesting discourse. He
said that he was born in Charleston, S.
C.» and was taken by his slave parents
when he was only 6 years old to Liberia.
He was early converted, and at 20 was
made a lay worker in the Episcopal
church. Later he was ordained a deacon,
and then a 'priest. After many years of
labor he was, in 1884. consecrated in Grace
Episcopal Church. New York City, to the
missionary bishopric of Cape Palmas. Li
beria, West Africa, where for sixteen
years he has had absolute supervision of
that work.
He closed his sermon by announcing that
on "Wednesday night, together with Right
Rev. James Theodore Holly, D. D., Bishop
of Haytl, West Indies, he would lecture
at Bethel Church, by the courtesy of Rev.
Dr. Nelson, the pastor, and would then
tell the people of the progress and present
needs of their respective mission fields.
ATTORNEY ROSS
IN THE TOILS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1901.
EPISCOPAL DIGNITARIES.
BISHOP -GAILOR-- DISCOURSES.
Continued From Page Five.
Continued From • Page Five. .
7
A2ITTSE3IEJ3TS.
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE— LXTRA
REMEMBER THE DATE! THURSDAY AFTERNOON*. October 17.
CONTINUOUS PERFORMANCE, Beginning at 1 o'clock.
THIRD ANNUAL BENEFIT
IN AID OF THE CHARITY FUND OP THE
ASSOCIATED THEATRICAL MANAGERS
OP SAN* FRANCISCO.
HALF OF THE GROSS RECEIPTS TO BE DEVOTED TO THE .
Mc&lNLEY MEMORIAL FUND.
MONSTER^ROGRAMME.
LOOK AT THIS ARRAY OF NOVELTIES!
American Debut of POLLARD S AUSTRALIAN JUVENILE OPERA COMPANY
in ar. Act of the "BELLE OF NEW YORK." GRACE DUDLEY and the DOUBLE
SEXTET from "FLORODORA." CAMILLE D'ARVILLE. ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
MASON and MASON and LOTTIE WILLIAKS-SALTER from "RUDOLPH and
ADOLPH " Scenes from "CARMEN" and "NABUCCO," Tivoli. BRIGHTEST SPE-
CIALTIES from the ORPHEUM. Act of "THE LITTLE MINISTER." Second Aet
of "TOO MUCH JOHNSON." LATEST MOVING PICTURES. IMMENSE ORCHES-
TRA. _____
Reserved Seats, $1 and $2. Boxes, $20,
$35 and $50.
gale will begin at the Grand Opera-housa Box Office THIS MORXING at 9 o'clock.
MATIXEES SATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
TO-VIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THIS
WEEK.
The Greatest Play of Recent Tears,
THE LITTLE MINISTER.
By John Arthur Praser.
The only authorized version of J. M. Barrle'a
Celebrated Novel.
POPULAR PRICES-lOc, 15c. 25c, 60o. 7»C
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 25c
Branch Ticket Office— Emporium.
\u25a0Vext Week— Walter E. Perkins in "THE
MAX FROM MEXICO."
New Vaudeville Favorites!
Monroe, Hack and I*a\CTence, De
Courcy Brothers, Thomas Baker,
Maude Sorensen, Tom Dunn, Sis-
ters O'Meers, Mitchell and Bar-
nard, Joe, Buster and Myra Kea-
tcn, Wilfred Clarke and Co. and
the Biograph.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
er.d Opera Chairs, 00c.
A LAUGHIN'O FESTIVAL,
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
First time in this' city of Geo. H. Broadhurst'e
New and Latest Musical Farce,
RDDOLPflandADOLPH
With the Two Emperors of Germany,
MASAN AND MASON,
And a Bijf Company of Comedians.
Pretty Uirls. N>w Sengs, Catchy Music.
SEATS READY.
Noxt Sunday. October 20— "A FEMALE
CUl'HMKR," wiWi Jobnstone Bennett. Seats
Thursday.
HILL'S THEATER, %?• «£\u25a0-..
i Remodeled Pabst Cafe.) Cnr. Ellis and Pow-
ett. Fiift-claes vaudeville. Ladies' Orchestra,
Moving Pieturrs. Matinee Sunday, 2 p. n>.
MmtadoD ''ntin* house, 2Dc. ,
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EIV NIGHTS.
Open daily. from 7a. m. to 11 p. m.
Bathinp from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. rn.
ADMISSION'. 10c. CHILDREN. 5c.
Bitthteg. Including admission. 23c. Children, 20c.
Weekly Call, $1 pe? Yearj
yE w ADVEBTISEM3SNTS.
TTNNA DEFINES A- CAUSE.
European Skin Specialist Says Dand-
ruff Is Caused by Parasites.
Upon that theory, proved beyond a
doubt, a cure for dandruff was sought af-
ter. Scientists, chemists, . druggists and
physicians all "took a hand" and the suc-
cessful issue is the present product known
as "Newbro's Herplcide." '" •
This remedy actually kills the parasites
that infest the hair bulb, does its work
most effectively and contains not an atom
of substance injurious to anything elsa
than the germ alone. Herpicide causes
the hair to grow as nature intended it
should, soft and abundant.
LAND J ALE.
There will be offered at private sale on
October 24 the celebrated Moulton ranch
opposite Colusa, of U.0OO acres, with the
tlJ?r«Wafl ch ff PeSt '"'Satins prlvilese in
the State. At auction same day, on the
premises, large number of mules, sheep
hogs, hay and farming" outfit generally!
Big chance to make money. -
PMrrnfilfll Corner Fourth and
I ALL U 1 1 V A I Market. S. F. Try
1 .14 1 I nlli our s P eclal Brev -
\u25a0\u25a0 - valises checked free.
IID DA V NO CURE, NO PAY
If n.lln I 30 years' experience treating
\u25a0T,".,.,,;?^ DISEASES OF MEN
Call or Write, . Koom 4, No. J«H Ke«rnj St., 3. T.
_>DVEBTISE_tENTS; \ "5§ .'
TELEPHOKS flV Y&Jj
222-224 SUTtER ST.
' To Close Out •
REFRIGERATORS, !
All of the latest improved devices, 1
AT 15% REDUCTION,!
Must make room for HOLIDAY!
goods, which have begun to arrive. I
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS.
Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday.
BUTTER, F %% c £'T 9ry square 58c
Limit 2 squares.
PATES, !g large tin 30c
"Franco-American." Quail, chick-
en, wild duck, chicken liver, par-
tridge and grouse.
MATCHES, K 5 pks. 25c
Reg. S pacTcages 25c.
DILL PICKLES, quart 15c
Just arrived from Germany.
SALMON, Spring pack, Liberty Brand
Reg. 25c— 2-lb tin 15c.
Reg. $2.25-$1.75 dozen.
BLUING IN BALLS, 2 R |f box 20c
La Nuremberg, best.
CRANBERRIES, £>! 2?* qtmrt 15c
SMYRNA FIGS, &«,
Exceptionally fine. In oval and
round baskets.
i lb. 2 lb. 3 lb.
35c 70c Sl.OO
SINK STRAINERS, ""V^SST"*" 28c
Sanitary, with stands.
WATER PAILS, 25c r
12-quart. .Extra quality.
COFFEE MILLS, Reg. 85c. 65c
"Parker's" celebrated box mill.
GINGER ALE, gRg- *>z. $1-20
Equal to best Imported.
ROOT BEER, 1SS& doz. $U0
Full of sparkle and life. "Wo allow
15c r-er dozen on return of all empty
Puritas bottles.
SWEET WINES, 3 bottles $1.00
Our regclar 50c wines. Angelica,
Port, Sherry, Madeira, Malaga, To-
kay.
GERMAN SUGAR WAFERS, 5£Z5c"thi
Krietschs' Wurzburg. Seven differ-
ent flavors.
Cal. Guava Jelly £*• - 25c
Strlctly.pure home-made. Reg;. 33c.
Freight Prepaid Within 100 Miles.
tSTBICTLY RELIABLE. \
Dr. Talcott
& Co.
Diseases and
Men Only
By far the most frequent cause of nervou*
disorders of the male Is
. A DAMAGED PROSTATE GLAND.
The Prostate Gland (so-called neck of Wad-
«er) is a structure very rich In nerves. "W'he-i
the terminations of these nerves are kept in a
constant state of excitement by chronic Inflam-
matory processes, tt appears very clear that b/
transmission of this Irritation to other nerves
the patient may be subject to nervous phenom-
ena of the most varied character. Premature-
neos, Impotency. etc.. are not weaknesses, but
symptoms of this Inflammation. We have pre-
pared a colored chart, which we will send, frea
on application, by which any one interested can
readily understand why, if he has been treated
for a weakness, he has not been cured. Wa
particularly solicit this class cf cases, and can
promise a speedy cure without stomach drus-
997 MARKET STREET, CCR. SIXTH.
o^^«v^v^^^^^>^—^^ <^.'~fc.-^.^- -a
visit DR. JORDAN'S great £
{HUSEUM OF flHATOHY^
T . ' The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
a ' LaiTn'.ii'i w orld. Weaknesses or any contracted a
V KSJ *sca« po»ili»ely cared hy the oldest T
® JB"3| Specialist on the Coast. Est. 36 years. <©
J A|3g¥n OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN d
\ lulwl Consultation free and strictly private. \
9 i ArS! M Treat:n<::lt personally or by letter, A A
\ S W tI n P—it>v* Core in eirery case undertaken. \
aF If \1 ft Write for Book. PHILOSOPHY of A
f » I \yi U4HIAGE, MAILED FREE. ( A "
_ (1 — r v3luabIe book foc m< "i) 1
f I>lt. JUBR.4X AC©.. 1051 JI.ir!catSt..S. F. 9
OH.MEYERS&CO. J|Pi%'
Specialist. Disease 5
and weakness of •
men. Established V^^ **5%*^
lSSL Consultation !|V| *^OT |S>
and private book S^^.
free, at office or by jfyjffi*-
mail. Cures guar- I^r*^v5^r*^
anteed. 731 Mar- J^i^^M^W
ket street (eleva- /"«2§£v/2r
tor entrance), San
Francisco. **^HI r**
IIEI 0^L Rifles. Ammunition. Flsft-
B "S HISS &." inf? Tackle, iiportir.j, Ouc-
9 — 9 J §15 in? Goods. Largest Stock.
H OH S 5*<S»^Lowest Prices. Send foe
Bjg BL/} 3 M %J Cataiosnie and Job Sheet.
SHUEYE * BARB3R CO.
739 Market. 511 Kearny
fe £PATENTS_1 J
\A/. X. HESS,
H0TARY PUBLIC AND ATTQ3HSY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. Koom 1015, Claus Spreckela Bldg.
Telephone Main 933.
Residence. 8a California st., below Powell.
Residence Telephone James 1501.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIAXA BITTERS. THU
great Mexican remedy, gives health an<I
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 3:3 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Price Lists Mailed
on Application.
! BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahto
& Co. <«fd. 1SS2). 17, and 19 Fremont St.; upon
Installment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE AN_> Pia IRON .
f f WII <JflM * TA so ° Battery Street.
J- t- W1L3WI tt WU'i Telephone Mala MSI.
FRESH ANO SALT MEATS.
1*^ RflYF^ it m Shipping Butchers. 10*
JA5- J3UIC3 tt Ltf- Clay. Tel. Main 1291.
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD A. TCLLIS.
«S Front »t.. S. F. Fhone Main 1713.
PRINTING.
EC HIIIHFs PRINTER.
PRINTERS, BOOKBINDERS ~~~"
TUT. H1CKS-JUDD CO.".
S3 First street. Eaa FrancUco*
. MISCELLANEOUS. .
rvvw vvvvvv w t *rw vwv"»« •J-j i vv WWW 1 W*W*W* W* W" W* •!~***j**I # *2* > r "H* W"r4* 4* W~i* W* 4"r4*4"f > v* •~«4"I"!' > !' »I-I"I~I*
\ : ' ' \u25a0 I
I TO-MORROW WE BEGIN THE FOURTH {
I WEEK OF OUR 1
T ' T
•I* ____. *i*
| OVER 600 PATTERNS WILL BE OFFERED |l
I AT EXACTLY 75 CENTS ON THE DOLLAR. \ I
j * . \u25a0 . • : \u25a0.. %
X Lots of people who did not mtend to purchase Carpets for some l'
f time to come are buying mow on accountof. the big saving that , |
r cam be made — from 11 Oc to 35c on each yard, ; \u25a0 ?
t Bigelow and Lowell Axminster.Carpets--Hlf l ? l f l JSg?afj«5S „ |
•«• Pet made; all the latest col oringrs—Perslan.-Turkish or floral designs; sewed and rhl.rllf .
•f 'a'd r.........Peryard MJi«-»Vr £
| Bigelow aed Lowell Body Brussels Carpets— f A e bout £25 |dg ' g . , ' I
4- suitable for parlors, library, hall and stairs; this carpet sells regular for 561. 5O; Vr%|_ JL ._.-» V
4. sawed and laid \u25a0 5 Per yard M*"»^»— »•* «5«
J Wild's American Tile LinoIeiiim--J 1 h t § n^ s or fl ° t 0 0 r r J s overing for office - QK r , f
.s. Sale price Per yard «-'- f^' £
I Genuine Cork Linoleum— Kyjyards^ ~q j • jj :
.j. Sale price Per square yard t - r^ /^ > •«•
t Smith's Axmlnster and Moquette Carpets— car? et ; p borders t§ Sftr *
T match; regular price SI. 25. Sale price, sewed and laid ..'..... Per yard v^ 4*
2, -4*
— . UJ/ttr^iOiTi \T**llxsf>-$- r»irr»pfe We show the greatest assortment of this _\u25a0> mr • 4*
X V> JliiOn yeMVet popular grade of goods; all tha new fall pat- O^C ?
X. terns; suitable for parlor, dining-room and hall Per yard '_»\u25a0_,
-> Smith's and Sanford's Tapestry Carpets— f A er^f p o a f t&°ns? £_A!fc 55r Si I
X price 75c; sale price Per yard V^ VJ FV> . X
! - -v, i
1 1
AMUSEMENTS.
GO WAY BACK~AND SIT DOWN!
That's what you will have to do If you fail
to secure seats at once.
LAST 7 NIGHTS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY. '
The Musical Triumph • Par Excellence,
The "Pretty Maidens" Say Farewell on \u25a0
Sunday Night.
Next Monrtay-STUART ROBSON as Bertie
the Lamb In "THE HENRIETTA."
Evenings at & sharp.
Matinee Saturday at 2 sharp.
This Evening— VERDI NIGHT.
Tuseday, Thursday, Sunday Nights,
Saturday Matineo
"ERNAN1."
Wednesday, Friday and- Saturday
GAVALLERIA and I PAGLIACCI
TUESDAY. October 22d—
"L/\ BOHEM 13 ."
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. COc and 75c .
Telephone— Bush 9.
ALHAMBRA.
- AVERT JOYOUS MUSICAL TREAT.
EVEltY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Matinees TO-MORROW. WEDNESDAY FRI-
DAY and SATURDAY.
Messrs. EDinghouse and Oppenheimer announce
the appearance of
MR. CHANNING ELLERY'S '
ROYAL ITALIAN BAND.
BO ARTISTS SO
SIG. GIUSEPPE CREATORE. Director,
Assisted by
MME. JOANNA BARILI, Soprano
MISS IDA B. HEINTZEN, Harpist
Friday Evening— "CREATORE" Night.
Special popular night— Farewell— Sun. Oct. SO.
PRICES— 50c. 75c. $1. Box seats, $150. Seat*
r?ady at Alhambra Theater Box Oftice.
PALACE HOTEL.
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters ol
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BEMTO CO.
We offer some stock for sale In this mtns at
COc per share. Price will be advanced on No-
vember 15. The money will be used for devel-
opment and to build a furnace, which will Im-
mediately enhance the value. Vast quantities
of ore are developed with a shaft 260 feet deep
and 1000 feet of tunnels. We own 720 acres of
lanl with buildings and machinery. We want
you to see this mine. The stock in the Silver
Creek Quicksilver advanced from 10c to *3 per
ebare and Is all sold and issued and will pay
a dividend in a short time.
H. R. BRADFORD,
President and General Manager.
7 North Market et. San Jose. Cal.
Prospectus and Exhibit at Branch Office.
413 KEARNY STREET. San Francisco.
V. DE FREITAS. Agent
®VIM, VIGOR, VITALITY tor MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
year3 by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young
arising from effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
clgarette-smoklnK. Cure Lost
Manhood. Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses. Insom-
nia, Pains In Back, Evil Desires, Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache, Unfltness to Mar-
ry, Loss of Semen, pmm w~» Varicooele or Con-
stipation. Stop Ner *Tf 93 vous Twitching of
Eyelids. Effects are jzZ~^7Z r Immediate. Im-
part vigor and pote wefl ' J ncy to every func-
tion. Don't get despondent; a cure is at hand.
Restore small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain and nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
$2 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO., 40 E1U« St.,
Ban Francisco, , Cal. GRANT DRUG CO., 38
and 40 Third st.
*W> f>d Wl 3__ SBU YE&
fl-'f HIATR K r A P
Bclasco & Thall, Managers.
NOTICE.
On account of the death of Mark Thall thrs
theater will remain closed until Tuesday even-
ing. Box office closed until TO-MORROW. 3
p. m.
Holders of seats can have same exchanged
after 3 p. m. TO-MORROW.
BEGINNING TO-MORROW EVENING,
The Farce that Crazed New York,
THE GIRL
IN THE BARRACKS,
Greatest of all Sensational Farces.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
PRICES-15C. 25c, 35c. 50c, 75c.
BEQASGO Amn THAS.g:&\fc£rt£
*8^__»""*l •^ UttSJt CUV. HJUt
NOTICE.
On account of the death of Mark Thall thi*
theater will remain closed - until TUESDAY
evening.
Box office closed until TO-MORROW, 3 p. m.
Holders of teats can have same exchanged
after 3 p. m. TO-MORROW.
TO-MORROW EVG and Remainder of Week,
Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
Elaborate Production of John A. Stevens' Suc-
cessful Melodrama,
WIFE FOR WIFE
One of the most powerful realistic plays ever
presented.
PDfrPC Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c
rftiWCj Matinees.. ..We. 15c. 25c
CHUTES_and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
Tho Lundgrens, "Wise and Mil ton,
Edna Hamlin, The Lerners, Mile.
Lotty, Carter Bros., New Moving
Pictures. -
HARRY HARMON,
THE WORLD'S GREATEST HIGH DIVER.
Thursday Night—The Amateurs.
Telephone for Seats — Park 23.
fflQPWFR'Q CONCERT HOUSE.
£ iOVnEjO. O Admission IOc.
Bartelmese; Maud De Alma; Harry Holmes;
Herr Huber: Robert Ellis: Sydney Smith: Val
Voueden; Silvia Puerarl and ; Lilian Slinkey
and Hlnrlchs' Orchestra. i •
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday.STREIB DISTINGUISHED HIMSELF YESTERDAY IN
THE MORNING GAME AT OAKLAND BY BATTING
A HOME RUN. IBURG IS A FAVORITE PITCHER
Coney Island Jockey dub Stakes.
NEW YORK, Oct. 13.— The Coney Isl
and Jockey Club has announced that en
tries for the following' stakes -will close
on November IS next: For the June meet
ing, 1902— The Foam, the Surf; for the
June, meeting, 1903— The- Tidal, the Mer
maid, the Lawrence Realization; for the
autumn meeting, 1903 — The Great Filly,
the Century; for the autumn meettlngs,
1903— The Champion; for the meeting of
June, 1904— The Lawrence Realization.
California-Bred Greyhound. "Wins.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 13.— Only 200 persons
turned out at Pastime Park to-day to see
the American Waterloo Derby for grey
hounds decided. The weather conditions
were disagreeable, a driving rain falling.
Notwithstanding this the Derby and the
all-age stake resulted in some good work
by the hounds. The Derby resulted in a
surprise, as it \u25a0went to Linlethgow Lass, a
California puppy, owned by P. J. TJwyer of
st Louis, 'iroublesome, owned by Allen
& Wilson of Chicago, and Lord Brazen,
entered by B. F. Jackson of St. Louis, the
favorites for the Derbv. finished well up
In the money. The former reached the de
ciding course.
In the all-age stake Haredlne, an im
ported greyhound owned fr" J. J. Lavin
of St. Louis, we from Mac's Melody, en
tered by T. W. Bartels. of Denver.
,Tne diamond if laid in the sun and then
cErrried into a dark room shows distinct
phosphorescence.
Other recommendations are that the
caliber of tv>p cavalry revolver be en
larged, and that the knapsack or pack be
supplied .to the Infantry soldier in placs
of the blanket bag now in use. A signifi
cant statement by Chief Surgeon Kimball
of this department is that "with compara
tively few exceptions youths under 20
years of age are not able to bear up un
der the hardships and privations of an
active campaign and serve only to incum
ber the hospitals and to diminish the ef
ficiency of the army."
Surprising progress toward the goal of
self-support by the Apache prisoners of
war is recorded in an appendix by Cap
tain Sayre, in charge of those prisoners.
He shows that they now have on hand
2784 head of cattle of their own raising,
that they have built many miles of new
fences and repaired as much more of the
old, and that no clothing was issued to
them during the year. On the other hand,
these Indians are suffering severely from
tuberculosis, contracted while in captiv
ity in Florida, and there were thirteen
more deaths than births among them.
They are declared to be generally a moral.
Industrious, truthful, honest and docile
people.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 13.— General Henry
C. Merriam, commander of the Depart
ment of the Missouri, in his annual report
devotes particular attention to the neces
sity of better drill work by the soldiers
caused by the incoming of many recruits.
General Merriam says there is a notion
too often prevalent in the army, especially
among the older officers, that a soldier
who has once learned the details of the
drill regulations may be excused from
drill without detriment, forgetting that
bodies of men can maintain the power of
collective action only by frequent collec
tive practice even in the simplest exer
cises.
General Merriam strongly indorses a
recommendation of Captain Michie of the
Twelfth Cavalry for a change in the cav
alry bit. He says that even with the re
cent improvement which renders the bit
less severe upon the mouths of young
horses there is still a considerable per
centage of horses maue victims by undue
seventy in the use of the bit. He believes
a return to the double rein is fully justi
fied for at least half of each troop.
ST JOSEPH. Mo.. Oct. 13.— Several
months ago a prominent attorney of this
city, who had formerly been emploved bv
Pat Crowe, received a draft from *Crowe
from South Africa for legal services ren
dered.
Chief. I ask but I do not expect to g-et
justice. There is some one who wants to out
me away and I know the god of gold.
Crowe says that he has been In South
Africa, fighting with the Boers, recites
reminiscences of the \u25a0war and discusses
the contest. He directs that Chief Dona
hue s reply be made through a local paper,
and says if his offer Is not accepted he
""I!. 1 J*L turn 1° ? foreign country, from
which he probably will never return
Chief Donahue said to-night that he
would request th© city and Mr. Cudahy
to withdraw the rewards offered for
Crowe, with the provision that Crowe sur
render himself. He said that If Crowe
gave himself up he would be given all the
advantages the law provided
Edward A. Cudahy said to-night: "I am
opposed to entering into any special ne
gotiations for the return of Crowe. It is
only a matter of time when he will be ap
prehended. However. I will withdraw the
reward offered for his arrest and convic
tion.
Your answer to this must bear the signatures
of Edward Cudahy, Governor Savage Sheriff
John Power, Attorney Shields, Chief J J
Donahue and the Judge that fixes the bond.
Mr. Donahue. I want you to understand that
I am not afraid of the combined wealth of all
th© Cudahys on earth and the efforts of all the
scrub detectives that their money can hire The
man that tries to pinch me will bite the dust
for I am ready to die in the mix. I will not be
kangarooed.
I can give a bond for JoCO, and that is all If
the court will not accept that I will remain a
fugitive from Injustice.
Now, Mr. Donahue, I will give myself up to
you if you will promise me upon your word of
honor that I will not be locked up until th*
Jury says "Guilty." And If the jury says that
I will take my punishment like a man, without
a murmur.
Chief Donahue expresses himself as sat
isfied that the letter came from Crowe.
Donahue has known Crowe for several
years and Is acquainted with his manner,
handwriting and style of speech.
The Chiet also received to-day a letter
from Crowe's uncle in Manchester, Iowa,
submitting similar terms for Crowe's sur
render, which leads the police to believe
that they are dealing with the right man.
Crowe in his letter takes the detective
agencies to task, defying them to attempt
his arrest, and continues:
Now. Mr. Donahue, let mo tell you all I ask
la Justice, a fair trial by twelve men, citizens
of Douglass County, Neb. Not by Herod or
any of his kind. Their god 18 gold, and with
that power they rule the world.
Donahue, all I ask Is a square deal. Grant
my request and I will give myself up.
Mr. Cudahy has known me for thirteen years.
He now believes me guilty: nevertheless, I
think he will give me a fair trial, as all he
wants is the public to know the truth.
Crowe says he has known Governor
Savage ever since he was a barefooted
boy on the farm In Iowa, e.vpre3d2i regret
that he (Crowe) L*fl fallen into ill repute.
fi.i-.cl Then laya down the condi'io is (,t hi3
surrender as follows:
OMAHA, Oct. 13.— Chief of Police Don
ahue to-day received a letter from Pat
Crowe, naming the terms on which he will
surrender. The letter came in care of an
Omaha newspaper, in which it is pub
lished, and covers fifteen closely written
pages of manuscript. The postmark Is il
legible, but the letter was mailed at S
o'clock in the morning and reached this
city .at 8 in the evening of the same day.
indicating that it had not traveled a long
distance.
In the letter Crowe agrees to give him
self up at once and stand trial for th<»
kidnaping of Eddie Cudahy, provided ha
is not locked up until a jury shall adjudge
him guilty. He says he is unable to fur
nish bonds in excess of $300, and demands
that bail be fixed In that sum.
Alleged Kidnaper Sub
mits Proposition to
Police.
Collective Action Can
Be Maintained Only
by Practice.
LETTER BRINGS
CROWE'S TERMS
SOLDIERS NEED
MORE DRILLING
QKOR'GE SHARMAN'S clever greyhound Little Sister won first honors in
the open stake yesterday at Union Coursing Park, beating Ed Neaye'9
Spiteful pointless In the deciding course.
The talent used poor judgment in making Spiteful the favorite in
the final. Little Sister ran in great form and not unlike her champion
ship style of a short time ago. She had the advantage, too. of having had short
courses. From the slipping of the pair in the final it was plain that Spiteful was
against a hard opponent. Sister led two lengths for the first turn, and picked
up the hare. Spiteful was a 3 to 5 choice.
Roman Athlete had the speed over Spiteful In the semi-final, but was unlucky
in having the hare favor his opponent.
Flora McDonald displayed considerable speed. Her improvement brings her
close to her old stake-winning form.
O'Hara proved the friend of the short-end players. He beat Minnie Sankey
at 3 to 7, outworked Loyal Lad, a 1 to 5 favorite, and secured the flag from
•Prompto, a 1 to 2 choice, by a clean score.
The fast youngster A. J. Martin was a 1 to. 4 choice in his go with Ollta In the
second round, but could not make good to his backers. Ollta's experience told
against the young champion, and though he showed the speed Olita's close work
on the hare kept him from scoring further.
"Warship, the stake favorite, was put out by Spiteful in the second round. Ho
was a 2 to 5 choice for the course.
Following are the day's results, with Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, second round— O. Zahl's O'Hara beat E. Geary's Minnie Sankey, 7-5; A.
R. Curtis' Loyal. Lad beat Star kennels" Pickpocket. 8-7: George Nethercott's Hickory
Dick beat C. O. Peterson's Haphazard, 6-5; P. M. Clarkson's Prompto beat Ed Neave's
Wedding Bells, 13-8; Sterl & Knowles 1 Ollta beat H. - Lynch's A. J. Martin. 8-8: Ed
Xeave's Spiteful beat George Sharman's Warship, 7-1; E. Geary's Bonnie Pasha beal Pasha
kennels' Flyaway, 17-5; Star kennels' Fontenoy beat A. R. Curtis' War Eagle. J-2; A. R.
Curtis' Fly- by-Night beat J. M. Halton's May Hempstead, 12-6; A, Vanderwhite's Flora Mc-
Donald beat Pasha kennels' Royal Anne, 7-4; L.. S. Barre's Amedee, a bye: E. Geary'a
America beat A. R. Curtis' Vulcan, 4-3; George Nethercott's Red Rock beat Tosemite
kennels' Mose, 8-3; E. Reddy's Full Moon beat D. Toland's Pleasant Girl, 3-2; P. M. Curtis'
Kibosh beat M. Nealon's Aeneas, 14-7; George Sharman's Little Sister Beat Ed Neave'9
Daisy Clair, 2-0; George Sharman's Firm. Fellow beat L. F. Bartels' Best Bargain. 9-7;
B. SUva's Master Rocket beat Pasha kennels' Rich Argosy. 4-3: J. M. Carroll's Master
Clair beat Pasha kennels' Rustic Arbor. 8-0; Pasha kennels' Roman Athlete beat F. 3.
Price's Brutus, 3-2. ' ~
Third round — O'Hara beat Loyal Lad, 12-8; Prompto beat Hickory Dick, 8-7; Spiteful
beat OHta. 6-1; Fontenoy beat Bonnie Pasha. 5-3; Flora McDonald, a bye; America beat
Amedee, 7-3; Red Rock beat Full Moon, 4-3; Little Sister, a bye; Master Rocket beat Firm
Fellow. 12-7; Roman Athlete beat Master Clair, 7-3.
Fourth round— O'Hara beat Prompto. 7-0; Spiteful beat Fontenoy. 4-0: Flora McDonald
beat America. 6-0; Little Sister beat. Red Rock. 4-2; Roman Athlete beat Master Rocket. 13-5.
Fifth round— Spiteful beat O'Hara, 6-3; Little Sister beat Flora McDonald, 4-1; Roman
Athlete, a bye. .
Sixth round— Spiteful beat Roman Athlete. 6-3: Little Sister, a bye.
Deciding course— Little Sister beat Spiteful. 4-0.
Sharman's Fast Courser Beats the Favorite,
Spiteful, by a Clean Score in the
Union Park Final.
HONORS IN OPEN STAKE
WON BY LITTLE SISTER
SCORES HOriE RUN ON A BALL
OVER THE LEFT FIELD FENCE
A Three=Bagger by Moskiman and a Sensational Catch
by Dunleavy Are Wildly Applauded.
KRUG MAKES THE LONGEST HIT OF SEASON
STOCKTON. Oct. 13.— Henry Kroeckel
of the Stockton Rifle Club broke the Co
lumbian target record to-day for fifty
yards, 22-caliber rifle, scoring 15 points.
The best possible score is ten. This
breaks the former record held by F O
Young of San Francisco by one- point.
Rifle Record Broken.
A copy of the first folio edition of
Shakespeare, printed in 1623, was sold at
auction In London the other day for $8,600.
Th's Is the record price for copies of this
cdtion*
The first road race of the New Century
Road Club was held yesterday over the
San Leandro road. Rhodes, the scratch
man, finished first, in 13 minutes 10 sec
°,?.^ Gehring was second and Balart
third. The other starters were: Stein,
Kugnler, Soto, Granger, Comte and
Myers.
New Century Eoad Club Eace.
Frank Carr is the latest man to be sug
gested by his friends for the position of
referee of the Jeffrles-Ruhlin fight. The
big fellows will meet at Harry Corbetfs
on Wednesday to settle this important
question.
In Carter he will meet a man the exact
opposite of Gardner. The latter Ie a
boxer trained for fighting, while the for
mer is a fighter pure and simple. How far
Walcott will go with him at
this game remains to be seen
That he wants to win all his fights
on this coast is well known to his friends.
The betting, in which he has been in
stalled favorite, would indicate that his
friends believe the statement that he was
not in good condition when he met Car
ter in the East. It is generally predicted
the fight will be a slam-bang affair. The
"lucky punch,' • which has sent many
good men down and out, may be expected
to be in evidence when two such hard
hitters commence mixing matters in the
ring.
Phil Wand will referee all three fights
on the programme.
The patrons of boxing in this city will
be afforded another opportunity to-mor
row night of seeing Joe Walcott in ac
tion. He is to lace Kid Carter, and there
is the usual diversity of opinion as to the
outcome. This is no new experience for
Walcott, as there are always a number
of people predicting his defeat every time
he enters the ring.
He blames his former defeat by Carter
to th« fact that- he was not in condition.
He can offer no such excuse this time, as
he is in the best possible trim for a fast
fight. He showed but few signs of dis
tress in his fight with George Gardner,
and has had two weeks in which to fresh
en up a bit.
The impression prevails that Walcott is
a shirker in training, but the contrary is
the case. When he has an important en
gagement he does a lot of work, not
slighting any part of his programme for
the day. either on the road or in the
gymnasium.
Story of Lack of Condi
tion in Last Fight
Believed.
In the finals Coleman and Kamp con
ceded "four-sixths of fifteen" to A. Bey
fuss and Ayres and won 6—2, 0—6, 6r-4.
In the morning an exhibition match was
played by the Whitney brothers, cham
pions of the coast, and Collier and Crow
ell, one of the strongest teams of the Cal
ifornia Club. After a long five-set contest
the latter players surprised followers of
the game by beating the champions. The
score In favor of Collier and Crowell was
8—6, 7—9, 3—6, 6—1, 8—6. The losers had
little trouble in winning when they tried,
but grew careless toward the end and
their opponents, corning on with a rush,
won out. The contestants were not at
their best, as they were not accustomed
to playing on clay "courts.
Matches played on the Caliofrnia Club
courts resulted as follows: F. D. String
ham beat H. H. Haigtat &— 2. 4— «, 6—3, C.
Smith beat A. Kenyon 6—2, 6 — 2, 6 — 2- S
Saulsbury beat Stringham 8—6; G. Whip
pie beat C. Beal 4-2; G. N. Armsby beat
B. C. Wood 6—3; C. Smith allowed Beal
"thirty" and won 2 — 6, 6 — 4, 6—2; Gibson
beat Erskine 6—3, 6—3, 3—6, 3—6, 6— S, 6-2.
In doubles F. Sherman and Leo Nolan
beat Percy Bailey and L. Ohlandt 6—2,
6—3, 6—4; A. Worthington and C. Spangler
beat Dr. Noble and Joe I>ally 6 — 4, 6—1.
<> — 4: C N. Armsby beat B. G. Wood and
L. R. Armsby' 6—3, 6—4, 6—1; Saulsbury
and Whipple beat O. Pratt and A. Kenyon
6—2, 6—0, 11—9; Saulsbury and Pratt beat
Whipple and Stringham 6—2. 6—4.
In the second round Ayres and Beyfuss
v.ere opposed to Adams and Bozart. The
latter received a handicap of "owe fif
teen" and were beaten in straight sets
7—5, 6—3. In the other match of this
round the handicap was much too large,
as Coleman and Kamp, who received
"half thirty" from A. Beyfuss and
Twiggs, won without an effort. The score
\u25a0was 6 — i. 6 — L
In the first round Adams and Bozart re
ceived odds of "thirty" from Dunlap and
Routh and won handily 6—4, 6—3. George
Bates and Al Rosenberg gave Ayres ana
A. Beyfuss a handicap of "thirty" and
were beaten S — 6, 6 — 3.
A large attendance was attracted yes
terday to witness the various events held
on Golden Gate Park tennis courts. The
doubles tournament, In which there were
six teams, was won by Coleman and
Kamp. Their opponents In the finals were
A. Beyfuss and Ayres, who received a
handicap of "four-sixths of. fifteen." The
handicap men, after winning the second
tet 6 — 0, looked to be sure winners, but
their opponents were steadier and finally
won out. The score in favor of Coleman
and Kamp was 6—2, 6—0, 6—4. Young Bey
fuss and Coleman played the best tennis
of the four.
Doubles Tournament Is
Won by Coleman
and Kamp.
WALC0TT RULES
A BIG FAVORITE
TENNIS PLAYERS
ON PARK COURTS
Probably no place on earth will average
acre for acre the timber that the Pueet
Sound region can furnish. It Is fir, cedar
spruce, hemlock and alder, as well as
maple and other woods. Its Douglas fir—
the most common variety— has been found
superior to yellow pins and other woods
heretofore used for. car building.
SUISUN, Oct. 13.— By the terms of an
ordinance which will be published next
week Suisun Is to have a complete system
of new streets. About $6000 will be Bpent
in macadamizing, grading land draining,
and after this winter the residents of the
town will have no cause to be ashamed of
the condition of the thoroughfares. Presi
dent E. P. Hilborn of the City Council
signed the new ordinance at the last meet
ing of the board, and as soon as the legal
technicalities can be complied with con
tracts will be let. -, --.%\u25a0-
Suisun Will Have New Streets.
Archie Rice, of the Chronicle, was
crowned ; King of the Shooters among
newspaper . men yesterday at Shell
Mound. The occasion was the. closing
event of the Schuetzen Fest, held here
recently. The reporters and artists who
represented the newspapers at the fest
were invited to shoot for a purse of $l6o.
Rice made seventy-ono points in three
shots on the ring target. .The other
scores were: Honig. 64; Parmenter, 60;
L. Hommedieu, 59; Bergheim, 43; Boyn.
39; Choynski. 34: . McGettigan, 29, and
Murphy, 25. F. P. Schuster and Herman
Huber represented the Schuetzen Bund.
Newspapermen as Marksmen.
Nearly the whole of the Corinthian fleet
sailed up to Corinthian Cove on Saturday
night, and yesterday a launch from Tib
uron brought up the provisions and base
ball outfit. The usual annual ' baseball
game between the "Keegans," captained
The regatta for yachts having a racing
length, of twenty-five feet or under to be
given yesterday by the San Francisco
Yacht Club over a course off the club
house at Sausa'lito was called off. The
legatta committee, consisting of ex-Com
modore Dr. T. L. Hill, W. Gt Morrow and
J. R. Savory, was on hand, and the sloop
Dewey, with the canoes Rita and Celeste,
were also ready, but up to noon there was
a flat calm off Sausalito. The yachtsmen
towed out into the wind and enjoyed a de
lightful sail in the channel with smooth
water and a strong, steady breeze. Vice-
Commodore R. S. Bridgman had a large
party on board the sloop Thetis, and the
yawls Royal and Phyllis, with the sloops
Juanita, Dewey, Surprise and the schoon
ers Lurline, Chispa and Wave were un
der way. The sloop Juanita cruised over
to Alameda mole on, Saturday, but re
turned to Sausalito yesterday morning.
The sloop Mischief had a party on board,
but did not sail. The schooner .Lurline
was towed out into the breeze by a launch.
The small yachts got into it by jayhawk
ing. The Corinthian sloops Queen and
Clara cruised in the channel. During the
afternoon a few light, airs enabled the
yachts to make their moorings /at Sau
salito. ,-\u25a0\u25a0.-
Tiburon Tars Enjoy Annual Baseball
Game and Al Fresco Luncheon
at Corinthian Cove.
After the competition for the Captain's
cup has been concluded the first contest
for the Goodall trophy will take place ft
has been, decided by Captain Orestes
Pierce that ladles are eligible to enter the
contest, but no competitor is to - receive
overThYrtySas than elghteen Strokes
The Oakland Golf Club is the first to
manifest signs of an active fall and win
ter season. Though the recent rain soft
ened the Adams Point course a little " it
Is still In a pretty hard condition, 'the
putting-greens being, as usual, in excel
lent trim. . The qualifying round over
eighteen holes, medal play, for the Cap
tain's cup for men was played Saturday
the following becoming entitled to take
Part in _the opening match next Saturday
g- R - Folger. T. R. Hutchlnson, R M
FitzgeraJd. W. P. Johnson, F. S. Stratton
Mr. Belden A H. Higgins and C r!
Winslow. The following are their scores
by rounds: E. R. Folger. 42. 46-88; R M
SUlP 1 ?^' 4°' 5 -h?° ; T - R - Hutching™, 40J
50—90; W. P. Johnson, 42, 4&-91* .F S
Stratton; 44,; 48-92; Mr. Belden, 44, 54-98 :
bo! retire 8 * ' 47> 51 ~ 98i a R- winsiow.'
Eight Players Qualify for Contest for
Captain's Cup on -the Links at
. , Adams Point.
by F. E. Schober, and the "Shorts," cap
tained by "Jack" Short, furnished lots of
fun. A bounteous supply of refreshments,
under the supervision of Port Captain
John H. Keefe, was dispensed. Karly in
the afternoon a start was made for Tib
uron. A fleet of between twenty and
thirty yachts was in Raccoon Straits at
one time, getting a good breeze, which,
With the ebb tide, carried the yachts to
their anchorage. Next Saturday the clos
ing jinks of the Corinthians will be given
in the clubhouse. Next Sunday the clos
ing cruise of the season takes place.
FLAT CALM PREVENTS
SMALL YACHT REGATTA
the plate in attempting to steal home. Mohler scored in the
fifth, being the last Oaklander to make the circuit of the bases.
Shay and Reilly scored for the. home team in the third. In
this inning Hildebrand was robbed of a hit by a sensational
catch by Dunleavy at the left field fence. San Francisco made
four runs in the fifth, and a like number in the sixth. One in
the ninth was all the team could do for the remainder of the
game. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. 'SB. PO. A. E.
Xordyke, center field 4 2 3 1 0 0 0
Wilson, catcher 5 13 0 6 3 0
Hildebrand, left field 4.0 1 0 1 0 0
Schwartz, right field 5 0 0 0 0 0 0
Pabst, first base 5 0 0 0 10 0 0
Krug. second base 4 1 1 0 1 1 2
Shay, short stop 4 3 3 2 6 2 0
Reilly, third base 4 2 2 0 3 3 0
Iburg, pitcher 4 2 10 0 5 0
Totals 39 11 14 3 27 14 2
OAKLAND.
AB. R. . BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Mohler, second base 4 1 2 0 2 2 0
Lohman, catcher 5 0 0 0 2 1 0
Streib, first base 4 2 3 0 15 0 0
Eagan, short stop 2 11 0 1 3 1
Moskiman, right field 4 1 2 0 1-0 0
Babbitt, third base 3 0 10 14 1
Dunleavy, left field and short stop 4 0 2 0 4 3 2
Croll. center field 4 0 0 0 1 0-1
Hodson, pitcher 3 0 0 0 0 1 0
Schmidt, left field 10 0 0 0 0 0
\u2666Hanson - 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Totals 35 6 11 0 27 14 5
•Batted for Hodson.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 1 10 2 1 0 0 0 0—3
Base hits 22021111 i_n
San Francisco • 0020440.0 1—11
Base hits 00303510 2—11
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Iburg 4, Hodson 5. Home run— Krug. Three
base hit— MoEklman. Two-base hit— Mohler. Sacrifice hits— Nordyke,
Hildebrand, Babbitt. First base on errors— San Francisco 2, Oakland
1. First base on called balls— Oakland 1. Left on bases— San Francisco
3. Oakland 6. Struck out— By Iburg 3, by Hodson 2. Hit by pitcher—
Mohler. Double plays — Reilly to Shay to Pabst; Iburg to Wilson to
Pabst. Wild pitch — Iburg. Time of game — One hour and forty-five min
utes. Umpire— Rube Levy. Official scorer— McFarlin.
OAKLAND GOI/FERS
OPEN WINTER SEASON
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 13.— It required thirteen innings of fast
ball to decide the game this afternoon, Los Angeles winning
The contest was the best of the season and held the crowd of
4000 spectators until the winning run was scored. There were
many long hits made. The outfielders of the two teams had
twenty-one chances between them outside the safe hits that vis-
i 1^. 1116 outfleld - I>ihm s batting was a feature and Hoffer's
fielding was sensational. Score:
SACRAMENTO.
„ •\u25a0 ,,,,.. AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Sheehan. third base 3 1 1-0 2 « 1
Stanley, catcher 5 0 0 0- 5' 1 o
Hotter, center field 5 3 1 2 3 2 0
Courtney,' second base 4 1' 0 0 5 2 1
Doyle, right field 7 1 4 1 0 0 0
Davis, first base 4 1 1 1 11 •> a
McLaughlin, left field 5 0 0 • 0 •> 0 0
Devereaux, shortstop 5 0 0 0 6 6 O
Strlcklett, pitcher 2 3 2 0 2 5 1
McNeely, pitcher 2.0 l 0 0 0 0
Totals ...:.42 10 10 ~4 *36 20 "3
*\\ Inning run made with no one out.
, LOS ANGELES.
Hemphill, left fl.ld ?£ ?" . B ?" 8 0 R *? 0*
Dougherty, pitcher and right field 7 0 3 n 1 11
Householder, center field 6 5 3 i c 0 n
Atherton, second base 7 1 •> 01 & n
Kihm. first base 7 2 4 0 16 0 0
Hall, shortstop., 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Reilly, third base 4 0 1 0 * I n
Spies, catcher 6 0 I 0 7 5 n
Altrock. right field and pitcher... 6 2 3 0 0 5 0
Totals 53 11 20 1. 39 15 1
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS' '
Sacramento 0.0 5 1002 0 0020 0—10
Base hits 003100100220 1^10
Los Angeles 1 0 1 0 0 0 5 1- 0 u 2 0 1-11
Base hits 3 1 1 0 1 . 0 5 . 1 1 0 5 0 i-20
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Altrock 7, Stricklett 7. McNeely 2 Douehertv
2. Home runs— Klhm and Altrock. Three base hits— S t rloui »7Vxx „ y
hill. Kihm. Hall. Householder. Two base hull Altrrck^ Doyle*
fice hits-Stanley 2, Householder. Sheehan 3. ReiHy Davis First ba^
on errors-Sacramento 1, Los Angeles 1. First base on ball* Aitrn^t
8. Stricklett Dougherty 3. McNeely 1. Left on baLs-L^ Weles 9
S C ore7-Ru?hTrM aSSedball - Stanley - Tlme ' S^W^^W
Thirteen Innings at Sacramento.
• Runs responsible for— Whalen 5. Moskiman 3. Home runs— Streib,
SI I hr s e^ a ,'? t Two-base hit-Nordyke. Sacrifice hits
— bchwartz, Schmidt. First base on errors— Oakland 3. San Francisco 1.
I X. , , ¥ ,°n called balls— Oakland 4, San Francisco 2. Left on bases
' —Oakland 0, San Francisco 6. Struck out— By Whalen 5, by Moskl
man 1. Hit by pitcher— Wilson. Double plays— Dunleavy to Lohman;
Graham to Wilson; Krug to Pabst. Wild pitch-Whalen. Time of
game— l:4o. Umpire— Levy. Official scorer— McFarlln.
Totals 33 4 7 0 27 12 3
•Batted for Graham in ninth. tBatted for Whalen In ninth.
RUNS AND HITS BT INNINGS.
Oakland 303000000-6
Base hits 2 1 SO 0 00 0 0—6
San Francisco 0 0 03 00 0 0 1—4
Base hits 2 0 0 3 0 0 0 1 1—7
' SUMMARY.
Totals 33 6 6 5 27 14 1
SAN FRANCISCO.
Hiid.teud.itftfl.id :..:.... A 5 B< *• T s o R p * a £• E 6
Wilson, second base 3 0 1 0 \u25a0? 4 i
Schwartz, right field 3 1 2 0 1 a n
Pabst. first base 3 110 9 0 0
Krug, center field 4 11 0 4 1 0
Shay, shortstop 3 0 0 0 3 \u25a0> 1
Reilly. third base 4 1 0 0 0 11
Graham, catcher 3 0 0 0 5 10
Whalen. pitcher *. ...'.. 3 0 0 0 \u25a0 0 3 ' 0
tNordyke 1 0 1 0 0 0 0
tBrockhoff 1 0 0 0 0 0 0
Home runs at opportune times by Streib and Eagan gave
the morning game to the Oaklands. . the score being 6 to 4
Mosklman pitched for Oakland, while Whalen was in the box
for the San Francisco team. The score:
OAKLAND.
Mohler. second base A f ?' B ?" *°- f %
Lohman catcher 5 2 2 2 •> o 0
Streib. first base 4 1 l 0 15 1 " l
Eagan. shortstop 4 1 1 0 1 3 0
Mosklman. pitcher 4 0 0 0 n 4 n
Babbitt, third base 4 . 0 '"" 0 0 0 1 o
Dunleavy, right field 4 0 10 » 1 0
Croll. center field 2 0 0 1 n n
Schmidt, left field 2 0 0 1 1 0 0
MORNING GAME.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1UUI.
around the bases for a home run In a leisurely manner
to the accompaniment of thunders of applause from the oc
cupants of both grand stand and bleachers. This is the first
time this season the ball has been placed over the fence at
this point, and is the longest hit of the year.. Over at Oakland
in the morning game Streib and Eagan both made home runs.
The afternoon game was won by Uncle Hank's men by, a
score of 11 to. 5. The winners played fast, snappy ball, miss
ingr few chances and showing clever team work. The Oak
lands are credited with twelve hits, to fourteen for the local
men, but they were scattered and ineffective.
Oakland started briskly, sending Streib across in the first.
Mosklman scored in the second. - Mosklman was the hero of
the fourth inning. With Streib on second and Eagan on first
the doctor lined the ball out for a clean three bagger, scoring
the men on the bases. Mosklman was finally thrown out at
HEINE" KRUG caught the ball flush on the trade
mark in the sixth inning yesterday at j Recreation v
Park. It sailed away on a line between second and
third bases, clearing the left field fence. Krug ambled
hw^HERE was a record-breaking attendance of marksmen yesterday at the
'jl^Shell Mound rifle ranges. The uninterrupted reports of rifles Bounded
II through the park from early morning until the sun went down behind the
Jl hills of San Francisco.
The crack ehots of every organization were present and several of
them made records never before" equaled at Shell Mound. Sergeant F. F. Carson
of the battalion of artillery made the possible twenty-five on the 200, 300 and 500
yard targets. Captain F. A. Nippert of the same organization made twenty-five
on the 200-yard target and twenty-four on each of the others.
D. B. Faktor won the champion class medal of the Gerraanla Schuetzen Club
•with a score of 451, and that of the San Francisco Schuetzen Vereln with 444. In
addition he won the prizes offered for the best first shot by both of these clubs.
The Swiss Rifle Club finished its year's shooting and announced the prize win
ners. Captain Kuhls of the National Schuetzen Bund was present and supervised
the work of the German clubs.
The battalion of artillery, National Guard of California, held its last State
shoot for the year. Lieutenant W. S. Grattan, inspector of rifle practice, ex
pressed himself as well pleased with the work done by his organization. The bat
talion of artillery has been faithful in practice and yesterday's scores Bhow the
result of it all.
The Hanoveraner Verein held its annual outing and eagle shoot. While the
marksmen of the club were showing their skill on the wooden eagle their families
and friends passed a pleasant afternoon with sports and dancing in the park.
The scores for the day are as followp:
Battery A, Battalion of Artillery, National Battery C, Battalion of Artillery, National
Guard of Calitornla, monthly State shoot: . Guard of California, monthly State shoot:
" iioo ioo ioo" soo 300 500-
NAME. Yds. Yds. Yds. NAME. Yds. Yds. Yds.
Captain F. A. Nippert 25 2« 24 Captain G. J. Petty 19 4 19
Lieutenant W. A. Varney.... 14 22 23 Lieutenant J. N. Ross 22 21 23
Sergeant M. A. Nathan 19 11 8 Lieutenant J. J. Hyer 24 23 18
Sergeant J. A. Eason 24 24 23 Sergeant F. F. Carson 25 25 25
Corporal G. GembaJla 11 14 0 Sergeant W. D. Grant 19 17 16
Corporal XT. H. Homer 23 20 19 Sergeant W. F. Unfred 16 20 17
Corporal K. A. Millican 21 15 11 Sergeant T. McGilvery 24 23 21
M. C. Bose 7 8 6 Sergeant C. McDonald 16 22 19
L Guerin 15 17 13 Sergeant L. W. Grant 14 22 24
C. H. Jensen 4 5 8 Corporal F. J. Kane 16 14 21
A. Lien 11 10 2 Corporal H. J. Musgrave 25 22 23
J. A. Milledge 5 17 0 E.R.Armstrong 23 ' 9 8
H. F. Marsan 11 11 S r\y. e. Bonlneld 9 0 8
H. M. Smith 4 .. .. E R . Burchard 13 8 5
A. M. Samuels •.. 16 6 2 J. F Cook 4 5 8
E. Sablatchan 18 13 13 j w Ellery 14
J>. G. Sloss 19 16 14 Corporal J. E. Flynn 19 15 14
H. C. Schwin 23 17 13 G . L. Harvey 22 24 12
II. H. Hillebrand 9 7 3 F , E . Hooper 23 14 la
R. C. Anderson 3 11 21 c . Meyer 25 24 23
.L. L. Llewellyn lo 13 24 R _ D . Mclntosh 20 9 18
Battery B. Battalion of Artillery. National £' plttl" 1 " 1 ' 17 11 12
Guard of California, monthly State shoot: B F. Suelflohii"!!. !!!!!.!!!!.!! 20 20 20
1 ' 7ZZ TZ: W. Stromberg 9 2 2 -
,..„„ .t™ *™ ,** J C. E. Sweeney 19 4
Ids. \ds. Ids, c . F. Waltham 24 ( 17 20
Lieutenant W. S. Grattan.... 21 5 .. §r \ \ *fi \
Lieutenant P. J. Neuman 25 22 21 !'« Irpl'n^v 11 ' S 17
o— «.«««\u2666 \u25a0£. T rznwv .»\u25a0» *>n <n A. H. Kennedy ..' 14 y 17
Sergeant F. J. fo\ey JZ 20 23 -p o <?npiflnhn T 1? is '0
Corporal T. G. Bantz 16 9 21 .E. O. Suelflonn | 12 IS .0
Corporal S. H Stewart 22 8 17 Battery D. Battalion of Artillery, National
Corporal J. \\ . Cobby 2o IS 21 Guard of California:
Corporal L. H. Barieau 10 12 17 : •
G. R. Clark '. 2 5 0 I 200 I 300 500
C. C de Wolf 17 16 14 NAME. I Yds. | Yds. Yds.
G.Graham 15 9 3 | \ :
C. A. Johnson 16 7 8 Captain Thomas Cunningham. 23 I 22 23
A. W. McLean 13 0 0 Lieutenant Ashley Farless 14 I ..
H. H. Mitchell | IS 11 14 Sergeant C. J. Mund 24 18 13
H. W r . Mitchell I 24 17 20 Sergeant F. M. Turton 23 IS 22
J.C.Roberts 23 14 IS Corporal A. Johnson 23 11 19
TV. N. Seliers 10 13 11 Corporal E. L. Green 14 I ..
C. Wyman 3 14 6 Corporal E. D. Montrose 5 1.. 20
Sergeant A. E. Anderson 25 17 22 Corporal E. L. Hiteman 12 16 0
Sergeant AV. W. Thompson.... 24 23 21 L j. Reubold 20 12 18
Sergeant A. S. Hatneld 21 14 23 F. V. Keeslins 19 23 22
Corporal B. Hopkins 14 S OF. O. Clark 16 0 0
F. Crawford 13 13 17 f. Flynn 4 T 6 5
G. F. Clayton 16 14 11 e. A. Shepard I 5 13 9
C. B. Heineman 24 17 17 o. \v. Kuehn ] 13 I 7 12
C. E. Thomson 24 16 22 a. A. Karner 10 I 4 4
1 H. Wilson S I 2 22
Battalion of artillery, field staff and non- G. F. Derning 1 20 20 23
commissioned Ptaff. pistol practice — Major H. W". BridReman 8
P. Bush 44, Captain E. G. Eisen 47, Sergeant R. A. Belinge 21 6 4
Major Knerr 26. Quartermaster Sergeant C. D. J. Utschig J 25 22 23
Cook 37. Color Sergeant C. B. Evans 33, Com- E, P. Jacobson | 25 18 24
mlssary Sergeant Taggard 41. if. C. Nutting I 22 ! 18 19
Swiss Rifle Club, completion of yearly scores— Champion class— A. Gehret 1314 F
Baumg&rten 1139, A. von Wyl 1097; first class— R. Hauser 1139. J. Scheibte 1129 A. Studer
1140; second class— F. Suter 1117, A. Monottl 1CSS; third class— E. Suter 1078, C. Bachmann
1013. J. Furrer IOCS.
Swiss Rifle Club, monthly bullseye, prizes were won in the following order: F Suter
E. Euter. A. von Wyl, J. Seemann, A. Gehret, C. Bacala. J. Echetble, A. La Croix C.
Bachmann.
Swiss Rifle Club, monthly medal Ehoot: Champion class. A. Gehret 442; first-class, R.
Hauser Zn; second class. F. Suter; third class, E. Suter 354.
Golden Gate Rifle and Pistol Club, semi-monthly shoot handicap— M F Blasse 210
1S3. 208. 204, 197, 199. 200: A. Gehret 226. 22S; gold medal-J.' F. Bridges 204; silver medal-
M. J. White 1S2, 1S3; A. B. Dorrell 219, 214; E. L. Reimenschneider 191, 1S2; TV. Ehrenpfort
173. Pistol. handicap-W. F. Blasse 82, S3, Z%, 79. Revolver, handlcap-J. W. Tompkins
73, 61; P. A. Becker S3, S3, 83, S7, 86, 85; silver medal— C. Hinkel 72, J. R. Trego 75.
Germania Schuetzen Club, monthly medal shoot: First champion class— D B Faktor
231. 220; second champion class— F. Rust 207, 202; first class— F. Brandt 203. 1S8- second cla«s
— L. N. Ritzau 210, 204; third class— W. Doell 1S7, 178; best first shot— D B. Faktor 22:
best last shot-D. Salfleld 24.
Independent Rifles, monthly medal shoct— C. Lindecker 42. Sergeant H. Schlictmann 35
J. TV. Nowdesha 31, R. V. Either 34, C. Hornbeck 33. C. Schmidt 33 C. Granz 29 C Her
ing 3S. Sergeant C. Andrews 44, W. A. Smith 12. C: Iverson 35. H. Gaetgen 32 J 'h " Behl
roer 22, C. F. Shafer 25, Lieutenant E. Moenning 36. A. Wolfgram 17, J. Donovan' 8.
Norddeutscher Schuetzen Club, monthly bullseye shoot— H. Huber 236, W. Doell 414 A
Mocker 414. C. F. Rust 7o3. G. Schulz 770, J. Lankenau 783, F. P Schuster $15 L* N*
Ritzau 835, O. Lemcke 844. H. Meyer 1021.
Hanoveraner Verein. annual eagle shoot— King. He-man Schulte; crown, W Foege- ap
ple, H. Henning; sceptre, H. Schulte; ring, H. Intemann; neck, F. Rust; right wine c
Luhrs; left wing, G. F. Renken, right talon, H. Sturke; left talon H. Schlie; tail' J*
Lankenau.
Ideal Shooting Conditions Result in High
Scores Being Hade by flarksmen
of Various Clubs.
RIFLE RANGES CROWDED
AT SHELL MOUND PARK
8
lEy'^f j3' J *^fiJffijra| re P eat « They don't jam, catch, or fail to extract. In a
cy wor^» thcy are the only reliable repeaters. Winchester
pffl* *^ViP^i(gajlri r^ es are made i n »H desirable calibers, weights, and
Hi&y^' 7^^^^^ styles; and are plain, partially or elaborately orna-
K@p\ //MBggmBfim mented, suiting every purpose, every pocketbook, and
[ll^^P^^ V$Snchcster Ammunition
mKS^^JI-^vea- -• * s mac * e for all kinds of shooting in all kinds of guns.
felS^wv^ k5v^S«3 FREE — Send name and address on postal for our 184-page catalogue.
IHl^^Bi^l WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., agpSJ^gg-
i lOAKLAND, Oct. 13.— A change has been
made in the lecture series now in progress
for the benefit of the Associated Chari
ties. Rev. Father F. X. Morrison had
promised to lecture on Tuesday evening
next upon "Altruism," but he suddenly
found it necessary to go East.
Rev: Father McNally of St. Patrick's
Church, "West Oakland, has agreed to
take his place In the series and speak on
Tuesday evening at the regular place-
Young Men's Christian Association Hall.
Father McXally is an eloquent speaker,
and the series will not be broken. The se
ries is unique in that it has comprised
addresses from able representatives of all
the great religious denominations who are
interested in the work of the Associated
Charities.
The exceptionally fine weather at
tracted large crowds to the park and Cliff
yesterday. The cars were > filled all day.
The main driveway in the park was al
most congested with gay equipages dur
ing the greater part of the afternoon. At
the beach the crowd was more dense
than it was in the park. The regular
swimming races, which were scheduled
to take place at the- Sutro Baths, had to
be postponed on account of the large
crowd of bathers in the tank. At the
Chutes Professor Harmon gave an exhi
bition of high diving. The resort was al
most taxed to Its utmost capacity.
The Park and Cliff.
FATHER McNALLY TO TAKE
REV. MR. MORRISON'S PLACE
Mr. Fogg had resided in Oakland for
twenty-four years, having been actively
engaged in life insurance work most of
that time. He was a native of Maine.
Three children survive him, one of them
being W. \V. Fogg, a teacher In the even
ing schools of San Francisco. There ia
a daughter 16 years, of age and another
son 22 years old.
James L. Fogg, one of the best known
life insurance men in this State, passed
away last night at his residence, 77D
Thirteenth street, death being caused by
paralysis. Mr. Fogg was suddenly
stricken a week ago last Friday while
he was in the back yard of his home.
The stroke was very serious from, the be
ginning, the patient losing the power ot
speech and suffering the impairment of
his other faculties.
Although he was under the almost con
stant attention of physicians. Mr. Fogg
showed no improvement, and slowly suc
cumbed to the attack. It is supposed
that the stroke was caused by Mr. Fogg'3
overactivity. He was a very energetic
man, despite his 65 years, and did a
great deal of work about his home
property and his ranch at Niles. In some
way he overexerted himself, and was
seized with the fatal illness.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway. Oct. 13.
Prelude, "Funeral March" (Beethoven);
hymn. "They Are Gathering Homeward From
Every Land," Knickerbocker Male Quartet;
invocation, ' Rev. F. S. Brush, D. D. ; hymn,
"Lead, Kindly Light," Knickerbocker Male
Quartet; remarks, Hon. James M. Gleavea.
president Ohio Society of California; tenor
solo, "O Rest In the Lord," Dr. R. \V. Smith;
address, ".William McKinley as a Citizen,"
Rev. P. S. Bruah, D. D. ; selection. Palace
Hotel orchestra; address, "William McKinley
as a Soldier," Rev. E. A. Woods, D. D. ; hymn.
"Nearer, My God to Thee," Knickerbocker Male
Quartet; address, "President McKinley as a
Statesman," Hon. J. C. Campbell; prayer. Rev.
B. A. Woods, D. D. ; hymn. "Good Night. I
am Going Home," Knickerbocker Male Quartet;
national hymn. "America." by the audience,
accompanied by the orchestra; benediction,
Rev. W. C. Evans, D. D.
The members of the Ohio Society ol
California held memorial services yester
day afternoon at Native Sons' Hall in
memory of the late President McKinley.
The stage was fittingly draped for the
occasion with American flags and sable
hangings. In the proscenium box a large
portrait of McKinley stood on an easel.
The services opened with Beethoven'3
beautiful "Funeral March," which was
\u25a0well rendered by the orchestra. During
the service Attorney W. H. Jordan read
resolutions deploring the President's
death. These resolutions were adopted by
the audience, their consent being shown
by all rising and answering "Aye." A
feature of the services was the handsome
programmes that were distnouted among
the audience. A supplement was inserted
In the programme, being a beautiful half
tone bust picture of the late President.
The programme follows:
Suffers Nine Days Before the
End Comes and Brings
Relief.
Stirring Eulogy and Solemn
Music Holds Attention
of Audience.
Members Honor Mem
ory of Late Presi
dent McKinley.
James L. Fogg Succumbs
to Sudden Stroke of
Paralysis.
OHIO SOCIETY
HOLDS SERVICE
DEATH CLAIMS
OLD RESIDENT
Grand Chief Companion Miss Ticouiot
paid an official visit on the 24th. of Sep
tember to MIzpah* Circle of the Compan
ions of the Forest of America In 'ttie Po
trerb'Opera-house. Owing to the absence
of all the officers but one, who sent in
excuse of sickness, the visit was an Jn-
American Companions.
By special Invitation Apollo Degree
team of the I. O. O. F. visited 'Excelsior
Hall on the night of the 7th lnst. for tha
purpose of conferring, the second degree
on' three Initiates of Excelsior Lodge.
There were present a large delegation
from Apollo Lodge, twenty-eight of whom
are members of tho degree team, which
has been carefully trained by Captain II.
D. Saville, P. Q., and has attained re
markable proficiency In the work. The
eecond degree team, of which J. J. Ap
plegate, P. G., Is noble grand and degree
master, did the work of that degree In a
manner that won the admiration of all.
The charges and lectures by the degree
master were delivered in- a -most eloquent
and Impressive manner, and the delivery
Apollo Degree Team.
Al Velller and BUI Harvey did some
exceptionally, good work', and showed de
cided talent. .Their buck and wing danc
ing and coon Bhouting won for them a
most generous applause. Billy Hynes,
as usual, offered a delightful medley of
Bong and story. Jack O'Connor also gavo
several fine solos. \u25a0 •
The boating and swimming races were
won by the following named:
Barge race— Thomas R. Dlxon. John Reltn
<th, Stanley Adderly, Leo Weinand and Will
"Boots" Everts. Gig race— Fred W. Woerner.
E. H. • Coney. Shell race— Alex Pape. Kyack
raC (« — Joseph D. Farrell. Lester Hammersmith,
Fred Solbel. Outrigger nklff race— Fred Sherry.
Tub race— Alox Tape. Shell vs. Skiff— Qeorge
Baker. Handicap swimming race, one-quarter
mile— Liester Hammersmith first, Alex Pape
second. • Old clothes swlmmln* race— Joe Earle
first, L. E. Coney second. .Alex Pape, cham
pion onrsman of the Pacific Coast, gave an
exhibition In a shell, and P.ercy Cavlll, cham
pion swimmer of the world and Instructor of
the Olympic Club, gave an exhibition of fancy
swimming. ;
The annual ladles' day and regatta of
the Dolphin Swimming and Boating Club
took place yesterday afternoon oft the
club house at the foot of Powell street.
Quite a large crowd was In attendance,
and all who came to witness the aquatic
feats of well-trained athletes passed a
pleasant day. After the boat races and
swimming contests an informal enter
tainment was given in the club's jj boat
house.
Annual Entertainment of Swimming
. and Boating Club Enjoyed by
Many.
DOLPHINS GIVE LADIES'
DAiY AND HOLD REGATTA
via Puerarl, contralto, in solos and duets;
Sydney Smith, the dainty little dancer;
Robert Ellis, the popular barytone; Val
VouBden, character impersonator, and
Bartelmes, the Lest foot juggler ever seen
In San Francisco. Hinrlchs' orchestra Is
always good.
The Chutes announces another big bill
of novelties for this week. The new peo
ple who open to-day are the Lundgrens,
comedy aerialists; Edna Hamlin, operatic
soprano; Wise and Milton, colored come
dians, and the " Lerners, juvenile sketch
artists. The hold-overs are Mile. Lotty in
new poses and Carter brothers, acrobats.
New moving pictures will also be shown.
There was a large audience In Sherman
& Clay'6 Hall Saturday night, to greet
Maud Miller, daughter of Joaquln Miller,
who appeared in the "Heart of the
Sierra?." which wan presented under the
auspices of the United Moderns. For a
time It was feared that there would be a
disappointment, it being announced' that
Miss Miller, who arrived yesterday -from
Fresno, was taken suddenly ill -and was
under the care of two physicians at her
hotel. Arrangements were made to pre
sent another play. but. bef.Qre.-it was put
on. Miss Miller appeared "and, announced
her determination, despite her condition,
to assume her part. Her appearance in
the character of Carrots was greeted' with
much applause. The play was then' suc
cessfully performed, the other participants
being E. J. Holden, Fred Stevens. C. Mer
ry-Redfern. Frank Bonner, Mary Moor©
and Mrs. M. Lynne.
ARRIVED.
,' Sunday, October 18.
Schr A n Johnson. 'Segelhorst, 9 days from
Grays Harbor. ' .'. '
Br Kimr Mlltoo, Ralney, &S hours from San
Dteto. . • \ :.
Etmr Gipsy, Inland, 24 hours . from '\u25a0 Moss
Landing-. . ' ••' : \u25a0' .• -.— \u25a0\u25a0: •.-.
OCKAN STEAMERS. •«-. . .
PORTLAND, Maine— Arrived Oc't" 13— Stmr
Dominion, from Liverpool. • »> . •• ,-.
'"\u25a0''«\u2666\u25a0 .I.. .' \u25a0; .-...-.
The woman who dbea washing- by the
day Is willing to hang out almost any
where.
I/ATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
At the last held meeting of Saxon Lodge
one stranger was initiated and one was
given the degrees for the lodge in Eureka.
The monthly report issued October 1
shows 122 losses by death. It also shows
that all claims would be paid by the 3d,
and that there would be a surplus of $80,
000 to be used in the payment of the Octo
ber claims.
Last week Grand Dictator Archibald
and Grand Reporter Johnstone visited the
lodge at Monterey, where they assisted
in the initiation of four candidates. This
lodge will have five more at its next meet
ing for initiation.
Yerba Buena Lodge , at its last held
meeting admitted three strangers by Ini
tiation and will have five more to receive
at the next meeting.
Knights of Honor.
formal one, and but little was done aside
from short addresses by the grand chief.
Supreme Sub-chief Mrs. Atwood, Grand
Sub-chief Mrs. Worms, Grand Treasurer
Mrs. Kemp Van Ee. Grand Trustee Mrs.
Smith and several visitors. During the
evening Past Chief Companion Mrs.
Swanson was presented a badge of her
rank In the order and a certificate. Tha
circle served lemonade and cake.
Supreme Sub-chief Companion Mrs. L.
Atwood, who is deputy of Richmond Cir
cle, the beauty circle of the Western
Addition, paid a visit to that subordinate
September 25 and was given a most cor
dial reception, it being her first visit since
her return from the Suprenie Circle. At
its next meeting the circle will be visited
by the grand officers. The circle Initiated
one stranger and will Initiate two more at
the next meeting 1 .
On the night-.of the 25th of September
Robin Hood Circle gave a social in the
Alcazar building. There was a good at
tendance and a well-balanced programme
of dances. The committee that had
charge of the affair was composed of Miss
Tlcoulet, A. Miller, Mamie Schoen. N.
Johnson, Mrs. Wood, Annie Schoen, Mrs.
C. O. Miller, Lizzie von Puttkammer and
Mrs. DImer.
Since the first of last July Bay City Cir
cle has initiated fifteen strangers. It. has
five more to Initiate and four applications
to act upon.
On the afternoon of the last Sunday In
September A. M. Armstrong was installed
as president of the Past Arches'. Associa
tion of the Druids,.- D. Bamman vice
president, James F. Martinoni secretary,
E. Maglnlss treasurer, J. L. Gomez mes
senger and Jo Wolff guard. After the in
stallation, which was witnessed by. a
large number of members and several In
vited guests, there was a banquet and in
teresting remarks In response to senti
ments suggested by .Secretary Martinoni,
who was the toastmaster. The responses
were by J. Hagan, P.V.'C; L. A. Wolff,
Past Arches Moening, Fabbry, Palmer,
Bowers, Rossi, Hutton, Johnson, Molll
narl, Meuser, Olmo, Crocker, Horn,
Cralgh, Bianchi. FigonI, H. Armstrong
and Mossl. There were also remarks by
Grand Secretary Graves, H. H. Hernon of
Manzanita Grove, all the new officers, M.
Meuson of a grove that Is being organ
ized and "the modest member of Man
zanita." It was one of the most repre
sentative reunions of Druida that has
been held in this city -for a number of
years and also one of the most pleasant.
The Fast Arches.
was commented upon, in such complimen
tary terms that the degree master must
have felt excessively proud. All the mem
bers, of the team acquitted themselves
with more than ordinary skill and pre
cision and the approval of the entire work
was made manifest by the loud and con
tinued applause. The ceremonies were
followed by a banquet, at which C. J.
Maurer, P. G., of the visited lodge pre
sided as toastmaster and delivered a
pleasant and witty address of welcome
and thanks, placing all at ease. He was
followed by Harry D. Saville, D. D. G. M.,
and captain of the team, with Instructive
and entertaining remarks, . after which
there were pleasing and eloquent ad
dresses by F. V. Cox, N. G. ; Wesley F.
Norcross, P. G.; J. J. Applegate, P. G.;
Dr. i:c. Bush, all of Apollo; G. W. Keel
er, P. G., of Excelsior, and others. The
Grand Lodge was represented by Grand
Secretary G. T. Shaw and Grand Marshal
Applegate.
On the following Wednesday night the
team conferred the third degree on four
candidates for Porter Lodge in its hall
in Oakland In the presence of a large as
semblage of Odd Fellows, members of the
sitting lodge, Berkeley. Harbor, Encinal,
Columbia and Apollo lodges. Among the
distinguished members of the order were
Past Grand Master Charles N. Fox and
Grand Marshal Applegate. After the rou
tine matter had. been disposed of the de
gree team, under the leadership of Drill
master Saville, took charge and conferred
the degree in a way that surprised all.
and there was hardly a member present
who did not learn of some new beauty
in the work. Each officer delivered his
charge almost letter perfect and the floor
work, introducing many novel features,
among them the formation of A. L., 123
in living letters, was applauded to the
echo. At a banauet. which followed the
work an orchestra discoursed sweet mu
sic to several hundred attentive Odd Fel
lows.' Captain Saville spoke of the Im
provement of the team in its elegant cos
tumes and of what had been done to make
It the prize organization. Past Grand
Master Fox expressed his appreciation of
the team's visit, suggested the best \firV.
possible for the expansion of the order
and told of what fraternity has been do
ing for the human family. Dr. Ira C.
Bush said that while Apollo feels proud
of the work of its team, it felt that it is
the privilege of every lodge to try and
excell it. J. E. Strelghtif of Berkeley, also
praised the work of Apollo's team. The
.meeting closed, with three times three
cheers for the visiting team.
Owing to indisposition Noble Grand
Arch Godeau was unable to pay the offi
cial visit to St. Helena Grove, but the
visit was made by Past Noble Grand
Arch Martinoni as the representative of
the noble grand arch. He was accom
panied by Grand Secretary Graves. They
were received at the depot by a commit
tee and escorted to the grove, where after
the routine business there was an exem
plification of the work in the second de
gree in an admirable manner. The offi
cial functions over, there was a banquet
that had been prepared by the ladies, of
Olive Circle, after which a very pleasant
evening was spent with music, songs and
speeches. The feature was the introduc
tion of the Johnson band, with City Mar
shal Johnson as drum major. Junior Past
.Noble Grand Arch Henry Lange, a mem
ber of St. Helena Grove, on the following
day drove the grand officers all over Napa
Valley and then drove them to Ruther
ford in time to take the train for Napa.
In the evening these officers visited Fra
ternity and William Tell groves at that
place. «
retary Graves, Past Noble
Grand Arches Dunand, Cavagnero, Wag
ner and Martinoni, Past Arches H. Menke,
J. Gosch, Joe Wolff and others. There
were present about one hundred mem
bers of the visited grove. During
the evening the grove decided to reopen
its charter and the members promised to
have at least fifty candidates for the
monster initiation on the 17th of Novem
ber. After the work of the evening there
was an adjournment to a restaurant
owned by J. Louppe, one of the members,
where a sumptuous supper was served.
After the dessert the members of the or
der present were addressed by the grand
officers, the noble grand arch delivering
his address in the French language, as
the grove ia a Fench one. The closing ad
dress was by A. Goustiaux, editor of the
Franco Californien, who is recognized- as
the orator of the French colony.
On the night of the 26th the noble grand
arch, accompanied by Supreme Herald J.
F. Martlnoni.ii Grand Secretary Graves,
Grand Treasurer Horn, Grand Marshal
George Beck of Livermore, and a good
number of past arches and arches of
local groves, visited Olympia Grove in the
temple at Folsom and Fourteenth streets,
where they witnessed the initiation of
seventeen candidates in the ovates' degree'
in a manner that brought forth many
words of commendation in favor of Past
Arch A. M. Armstrong, who acted as
master of the degree team, and of those
who filled the other positions. A remark
able fact was that all the initiates were
young men. After the work there was a
collation at which Noble Arch Herbert
Armstrong was the toast master. In re
sponse to his calls there were short talks
by the grand and supreme officers, Past
Arch Armstrong, Noble Arch Hernon of
Manzanita Grove, Dr. Glover of the same
grove, and several others. This grove ex
pects to furnish fifty candidates, for the
grand initiation.
/~X N the night of September 24
/\V"\\ Noble Grand Arch Julius S.
/I \\ \] Godeau paid an official visit
IV \\ 1/ to Perseverance Grove, of
\^*-^^^ which he is a member, being
accompanied by^ Grand Sec-
OAKLAND, Oct. 13.— Miss Winni
fred June Morgan, a prominent
member of the Wednesday Morn-
Orchestra and well-known In the
musical set of Oakland, will leave
to-morrow for a concert • tour of the
Southern States.
Miss Morgan has met with success as
a violinist in . many amateur concerts,
and those who know wliat she "has done
in this field expect that her. success as a
professional will be as great." V' ,
From her childhood Miss Morgan has
exhibited musical talent— In the Oak-
land High School she was the leader in
musical work, and when she went to
Stanford University' she became the
leader of the university orchestra. She
has been a member of the choir of St.
Paul's Church for some time and has
appeared in several other churches of
Oakland and San Francisco.
TOLD IN ANTE-ROOMS.
At Brigham City the church organiza
tions marched behind the casket from the
railway depot to the cemetery, where the
casket was placed in a specially con
structed vault on the Snow burial grounds
with appropriate ceremony. After the
dedication of the grave the funeral party
returned to Salt Lake City and the last
rites connected with the interment of
the fifth president of the Mormon church
were at an end.
SALT LAKE, Utah. Oct. 13. — The
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter Day
Saints, commonly known as the Mormon
church, to-day paid its last tributes to
the remains of Its late president, Lorenzo
Enow. The widespread popularity and
clerical eminence of the deceased drew
to the city church members from every
corner of the State, as well as thousands
of gentiles who had known and respected
the late. Mormon leader. Long before
dawn anxious thousands croweded about
the Snow residence, eagerly waiting for
the doors to open at 7 o'clock that they
might obtain a farewell view of the face
of their beloved president. From 7
until 10 o'clock it is estimated that more
than 2000 people, including nearly all thj
venerable leaders of the church, rever
ently filed beside the casket. Promptly
at 10 o'clock the casket was raised by
the twelve apostles and borne to the
tabernacle, where not less than 20,000
people had gathered to witness the fune
ral ceremonies. This included addresses
by Apostles Brigham Young, John Henry
Smith and John W. Taylor and First
Counselor Joseph F. Smith, who presided.
The service was one of impressive " sim
plicity, the absence of ritual, the earnest
ness of the speakers and the beauty of
the floral offerings and decorations of
white drapery trimmed with pale green
leaves combining to form a scene seldom
witnessed in the historic house of wor
ship. The Tabernacle and Temple choirs,
combining more than 500 voices, rendered
several numbers between the addresses.
At 12:30 p. m. the tabernacle service con
cluded and the procession was formed for
the Oregon Short Line depot, where the
funeral party entrained for Brigham City
which for many years was the home of
the deceased. The procession was headed
by a platoon of police, followed in order
by the first military band, the first pres
idency and the twelve apostles of the
church, the pallbearers, including the
sons of the late president and the seven
presidents of the seventies, the casket,
the mourners (family only), the presiding
Bishops, the presidents of stakes, minor
church officials in order of rank and the
general boards of church societies and
associations, followed by the boards of
directors of the companies In which the
deceased had a controlling interest and
the general public.
OAKLAND YOUNG LADY WHO IS PROMINENT MEMBER OF THE WEDNESDAY MORNING ORCHESTRA AND
WELL KNOWN IN MUSICAL CIRCLES ACROSS THE BAT. WHO WILL MAKE A PROFESSIONAL TOUR
OF THE SOUTHERN STATES. • ....
Many Mourners Attend
Funeral Services of
President Snow.
A fine programme has been prepared at
Fischer'* Concprt-house for this week. It
Include* Mau-1 d'Aima, a dashing sou
brette; Harry Holmes, a clever specialty
artist; Lillian Blinkey, soprano, and 611-
Any one afflicted with the biues should
drep"lnto th* California Theater this we«k
end witness a performance af Mason and
Mason's roaring farce comedy. •'Rudolph
and Adolph." '. "\u25a0 '
Thi? is ih* first production of the sketch
in this city and it certainly was voted a
eucce^B by the audience- last evening.
•Judging from the laughter and applause
that met every comical situation and
funny joke.
Mason and Mason are great exponents
of low comedy. Th«»y are both cast for
Uutoh comedians and they are both very
rlever. Their dialect is most humorous,
their makes great and their whole de
portment a clevrr piece of character
There are eome novel specialties
srlvcn throughout the performance. Miss
Lottie Williams Salter made a big hit In
her coster songs, which were greatly ap
plauded; The Sister* Laurence give a
unique dancing and acrobntlc specialty,
•which is a new thing in San Krandsco.
The performance throughout Is good.
There were Fume new things at the Or
pheum last night that pleased the usual
nig audienc*. The whole bill was attrac
tive, but Tommy Baker, monologist, and
Monroe, Mack and Lawrence, who ap
peared in a sketch entitled "How to Get
Rid of Your Mother-in-law." pleased the
audience most. Baker sings well and had
clever songs to sing. Wilfred Clark and
company presented a new farce, entitled
"in the. Biograph," and It caused whole
some laughter.
Little Waud fcorenson. assisted by Mas
ter Tom Dunn and Gladys Sorenson, per
formed very cleverly, and the De Courcy
brothers made a great hit with their mar
velous acrobatic wor«c. . .
Joe. Myra and Buster Keaton, Mitchell
«nd Barnard xnd the Sisters O'Meers are
still on the bill, and the biograph displays
some interesting moving pictures.
There should be a good performance of
"The Liule Minister this week at the
Grand Opera-house, with Herschel May
all, who has been winning much favor of
late, as Oavin Dishart and Miss Hall as
Lady Babbie. I»liss Hall has quite recov
ered from her recent severe illness, and
v.ith her sympathetic intelligence, girlish,
ingenuous spirit and quaint coquetry
should make a captivating Lady Babbie.
Burr Carruth will take the part of Mr.
Ogilvy, Agnes Maynard that of Nannie
Webster and William Greenleaf Lord Rin
toul.
John Stevens* fine old melodrama "Wife
for Wife" goes on at the Central to-mor
row night, and will be elaborately mount
ed and cast to the full strength of the
Central Company.
The Central and the Alcazar theaters
are both closed ior to-night on account of
the death of Mark Thall. To-morrow
night the Alcazar will open with an
amusing farce called "The Girl in the
Barracks," by the author of "The Proper
Caper," that some time ago made a euc
cacs with Alcazar patrons. "The Girl in
the Barracks" recently scored a hit at
the New York Casino, where It ran for
several months, and will probably repeat
its success hers.
The Tivoli will celebrate to-night the
birthday of Verdi with a varied pro
gramme taken from the works of the
famous Italian maestro. Scenes from "II
Trovatore," "Otello," "Aida," "Lombar
di" and "Nabucco" will be given, and al
most all the clever people of the grand
opera casts will be heard. On Tuesday
evening "Ernani" will be put on, with
Barbaresrhi as Elvira, Castellano in the
name roK Ferrari as Carlos. King of
Spain, and Dado as Don Silva — an excel
lent cast. Dado sings in this the beauti
ful "Infelice." and his fine voice will
doubtless be heard at Its best therein. On
Wednesday evening the debut of Miss
Barnetta Mueller, a charming young sing
er, xvho has just returned from study in
France and Italy, will take place. She is
to sing Nedda in "I Pagliacci." Salassa
will sing his famous part of Tonio the
clown, and Ruseo will make his first ap
pearance as Canio this season. "Cacalleria
Rusticana," of course, accompanies the
"I Pagliacci." and besides, Agostinl in
his splendidly successful Turiddu, Mon
tanari will essay Santuzza and Collama
rlni will be seen in the small part of Lola,
•whirh ie very good of Collamarlni and
Fhould make the double bill altogether
one of the best of the season. /
There will be concerts every evening
this week and matinees every day ex
cept to-day. Go and hear the band it
you can.
Mme. Barili is the singer of the organ
ization, axid has a light, sweet, pleasing 1
soprano voice. She sang "Robert. To!
Que J'aine" and as an encore "Annie
Laurie."
"Royal Purple," that at once "placed"
the leader with the audience. A splendid
rendering of the 'Tannhauser" overture
came next, in which Creatore tossed his
!>">cks to the tune cf one of the finest
climaxes that has been, heard here. The
v.ood wind could not be distinguished
from strings here. Miss Heintzen fol
lowed with a harp number that had no
particular reason for existence, but
seemed to please, and the band then
played "Traumerei," a somewhat over
sentimental interpretation.
The sextet from "Lucia." with Signorl
Palma. Aila. Marino, Curti. Ldberatore
and Basile as soloists, was magnificently
given: also the "La Gioconda" numbers.
The Chopin "Funeral March" was an
other fine number— a little slow— and some
popular selections as encores aroused, an
unlimited enthusiasm and showed that
"Creatore and his men are amply compe
tent to meet Sousa on his own ground.
It is nicely balanced, has a splendid
wood wind force and some golden brass.
One thing only, the band has yet not quite
got the pitch, of the house, especially in
the lighter .numbers, that need toning
down. They could better fill a place three
times as large.
Last night's programme opened with a
fine, swinging inarch of Creatore's,
Mr. Ellcry's new conductor has dort'T
splendid work with the band. In less
ihan. a year he has brought it to a pitch
of precision, a perfection of ensemble
that even Bousa has not excelled. His
ways are not Sousa's, though it has been
declared that he out-Sousa's Sousa. But
no t^o men could be 'more unlike. Crea
tore conducts with every hair of his head
—and there are a lot of them — with great,
swinging arm strokes, with every inch
of him, and with the most evident ab
sence of gallery play. He is after his ef
fect and doesn't care how he gets it, and
furthermore does get it every time. The
band plays as if it had played together
for years, with, a brilliantly clean attack,
rtne ensemble, color, swing, shading, pre
cision, climax.
I^ast year, a little later In the season
than the present date, a few «muslclans
who did not find their jray every night to
Mr. Gra-u's grand opera at the Grand
Opera House, went about town with all
the enthusiasm of discoverers, talking of
one Creatore, a trombone player. Crea
lore. it seems, belonged to an Italian band
That was playing at the California
Theater good music and to poor houses.
Minoliti led the band and Creatore. with
a wonderful old Italian key trombone, was
one of the solo attractions. His magnetic
and muEicianly art created a deep and
highly favorable impression that lost
nc thing from his sincere and pleasing per
sonality and his eix feet of good looks.
Therefore, when It became known that
the band had split into two factions,
Minoliti taking one and the manager.
Changing Ellery, the other, with Creatore
as leader, there was considerable Interest
and curiosity expressed as to the result.
Last night the result was shown, though
echoes of the young leader's extraordinary
success had before reached us from the
East. The Royal Italian Band gave its
first concert last night at the Alhambra
Theater to a house only half full, but
crammed with enthusiasm, and Creatore
is now the vogue so far as the audience
of last night is concerned.
GRAVE RECEIVES
MORMON LEADER
A telegram from Ciudad Porflrio Diaz
says that the United States Consul at
that place was refused admittance to the
jail when he railed to see the prisoner.
The American residents of Mexico are
greatly stirred up over this outrage of
American citizenship, and a petition in
behalf of Mealy signed by 5000 members
of the American colony In Monterey has
been wired to President Roosevelt. In a
letter written in his cell at Ciudad Por
firio Diaz last night and received by one
of his close friends here . to-day Mealy
says: "The Noriasde Bajan mining prop
erties were not taken from me by the
courts, but by in arbitrary decision of the
Minister of Finance. He outrageously re
scinded the decision promulgated In the
official Government organ, and refused to
let the case be tried in court. They took
and held the properties arbitrarily by
right of might."
Another wealthy resident of Monterey
writes: "In all my twenty years in Mex
ico this is the boldest attempt ever made
at a hold-up. A short time ago they ar
rested an American at Lampazos and im
mediately offered to release him for $1500.
In the Mealy case they trumped up. a
charge of contempt of court. The Mexi
can authorities have boldly refused bail
on a charge on which, even if Mealy were
guilty, the penalty would be a fine of
from $10 to $100. Mealy and his friends
say that powerful influences in the of
ficial circles of the Mexican Government
are behind the prosecution that is being
waged against him."
AUSTIN. Tex.. Oct. 13.— The case of W.
H. Mealy, a prominent American mining
man of Northern Mexico, who was ar
rested a few Cays ago and thrown into
prison at Monterey, has assumed an in
ternational phase. He was taken from
Monterey last evening and transferred to
the jail at Ciu-iad Porflrio Diaz, State of
Coahuila, Mexico. At Ciudad Porflrio
Diaz he was placed in a cell reeking with
filth and having a mud floor. This ar
bitrary act occurred twenty-eight hours
after the expiration of the constitutional
limit of imprisonment for contempt of
court, which is the charge against Mealy.
Eall is denied him, and all applications
of his friends for an immediate hearing
are refused.
Goes After Effect With Entire
Absence of Gallery-
Play.
Friends of Imprisoned Mining
Man Appeal to President
Roosevelt
Creatore Widely Differs
From Sousa, the
March King.
Fiiss Winnifred June Morgan Leaves the Ranks of
Amateurs and Joins Professionals.
Kefuse American Consul
Permission to See
Prisoner. •
MEXICANS HOLD
MEALY IN JAIL
LEADER SWINGS
A MASTER BATON
TALENTED OAKLAND MUSICI AN
WILL MAKE A CONCERT TOUR
\u2666-\u25a0 ... • \u25a0 •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1901.
PARIS, Oct. 13.— The French Vice Con
sul In Monastir, European Turkey, was
recently attacked by Turkish soldiers, ac
cording to a dispatch from Salonik. His
assailants were arrested, and the military
commandant apologized for the outrage.
Turkish Soldiers Attack Vice Consul.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 13.— Arthur Verrinder,
a 12-year-old boy of Santa Clara, who ac
companied his . grandmother to Alum
Rock Park this afternoon, was jostled in
the crowd that was awaiting an incoming
train and fell under the wheels, crushing
his left leg so that amputation was neces
sary.
Train. Crushes a Child's "Leg.
9
BAILWAY TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RL CO.
T .TTlPSjCg H I HI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Ttburon Farry. Foot of Msvfc* St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:33.
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at U:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. ; 12:45,
3:40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:05
and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:05. 6:25 p. m. •_
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. | April 23, 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination.! days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor. • 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyserville,
S:30 pm 8:00 tm Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pml Hopland ' 110:40 am|10:2o am
3:30 pm I 8:00 am | and Ukiah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am - 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm .6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 19:15 am 8:40 am
and I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 ami 110:40 am|10:23 am
3:30 pm 5:00 pm| Eebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark 'West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights, Hullvllle, Orr*s Hot
Springs. Mendocino City. Fort Bragg. "West-
jiort, Usal, Willlts, Laytonvllle, Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris. Olsen's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. -.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, 650 Market street, Chronicle
building.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass Agt.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd OvrPd Local
Dally • Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
•• Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford. 8:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Visalia... 3:40 p 4:48 a
" Bakrsflld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40a 7:C0 a
" Chicago 2:15 P 9:00 P
1 a for morning, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train is the California Limited,
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
first-class \u25a0 passengers. No second-class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tues-
day and Friday.
. 4:20 p. m. 13 Stockton, Merced and Fres-
no local. Corresponding train arrives at
12:30 p. m. dally.
8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Falace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at B:55 p. m.
dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. ni. dally.
Offices— 641 Market street and Jn Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land. • \u25a0 \u25a0 « v, : i
HOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry Arrive •
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran.
1 :15 p. *• "• * Hk^ <mI '- 5:55 P.
' Fin, SaaFrMtlM to Summit udlUt»ra.tl.M.
nakrtoacu, esi hjuuut gnuxi ui sacsauio first.
RAILWAY TRAVEL.;
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains l«u««> i>ml nrt <lut> Iv nrrlv* m»
HAtt rKAN«:iM«:o.
(Main Line, Foot ot Market Street)
leave — Fbou October 6. 1901. — akxitS
7iOOa Benlda, Suiaun, Elmira and Sacr*.
nieuto. . ............•.••••.••••••.. 0!t3r
7:00a Vacmlle, WUtera, Ruuisey 7:53r
?:3Ua XI ariii ez, .SaiiUamon, Vallojo, Napa,
Culistogii ami Santa itusa/. 0:25r
8:00a DstU. Woodland. Knignta Landing.
Marysiilie. Oroiiile.. 7:3-1p
S:OO* Atlantic Kx press— Ogdeu and East 13:25?
M:OO A Niles, Lathrop, Stockton ttZAr
8:<>©a Niles, MendoU, Hanford, Visalia,
PorterrUle 4:35?
»:3<»a Shasta Express— Davis. Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Ked
Bluff. PortlanO. 7s33*
\u25a0 i3Oa San .lose, LiTermore, Mtocktoti,
lone, riacraineuto. Placervllle,
llHrysiille. Chico, Ub.1 Itlult 4>2.tp
*i3Oa Oak dale, Chinese, Sonnra, Carters... 4i2Ar
. !I-.im»a Hsynani, Niltaautl VVaj Stations.. ' • :1*>\
9:I»Oa Vallejo 12:25*
9:00a Los Angeles Express — Martinez,
Tracy, Lathrop, iVocSUou, Meicrd
Fresno and Los Angeles 7:25?
O::u»A Vallnj". Marlines ami War Station* 7:35r
IOiOOa Tho OTerltiHl Limited — Osdeu. L'eu-
Ter, Omaha. Chicago «:-i3r
jl:OOp Sacramento Kifer Steamer* J3:O»A
8:3<»p Hajward. Nile* and Way Stations.. 7:53?
4i<H>r Iteulcla. Winters, Maerametilo,
WiKwlland, Kiu'kIiU LaudluK.
SIiirj-HTillr. Oru.illrt 10:33*
4iOOp Martinez. Han Kniuoii. Vallejo,
Nupa, «, f »llsto»». HanU Kosa »>S3a
4:00r Nlles, Livermore, Stockton, Lodi... 12:513?
4>:t»r Hayward. Niles, S»u. lose, Lmrrnore t •*:\u25a0\u25a0*•"»*
4 i:u>p Port Costa. Tracy, LaU.rop. Stockton 1 1»:33*
3:OUr Th» Owl Limited— Fresno. Tulare,
liakersUeld, Haiigus fur Sauta Bar-
bara, Los Augeles 8:33a
SiOOp MarUnf z. Antioch, 8tockton. Met- '
eed.Fresno 1»:23»
5:3Or New Orleans Kzpreoa— Mendota.
Fresno. Bakersneld. Lab Angeles,
DemiDg. El Paso, New Orleans
and East 7x334
ffiOOr Hajward, Nlles and San Joie....... 7>33a
t«:OOr Vallejo 11:23*
GiOUr Oriental Mall— Ogden. Chejenne.
Omaha, Chicago iai»3t>
«:OOp Orieotal Mail— Ogden, Dearer.
81 Louis. Chicago. , 4:23»
7:00p Oregon ami California Kx|>res»,Hae.
TMiii«>iti>. Marjsiilte. Iteildlns;.
I-oill.«ii.l. Tiiget Hoinxl ami Kaat S:33A
i>s.1rS*n Pablo. Port Costa. Martinez
and Way Htalions 11:»3*
JglOSp Vallrjo 7:30?
COAST IilNE <N«rr«m linuge).
(Foot ot Market Street.)
SsISa Newark.OentertUle.San.Iose.H'oltort,
BonlderCreek.SautaOriuaudWa*
Station* » : *°»
f ail 3r Newark, Centarville. San .loss. New
AlmaJeo. Folton. lionliler Creek.
Santa Criw and Principal W»|
Stations »««2"A
4:l3p Newark. San Jose, Los Gatos t* ! "»»
<l9.3or Hunters' Train-Wan Jose and Way
Buttons 4- H-»»»
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
From SIR msCISCO— Foot «f Market Street (Slip 8>—
t/:15 9:00 ll:00i. U. 1:23 3:03 B:15rw.
rraaOlIURt— rtltsflriidwaj.— tB:OO J9:OO 13:05
lO.OOl.M. 12:03 2.03 i:C3*.M. '
COAST IJXE (Hro»tl (iange).
(Third and TownsenU Sta.)
6:IOa San Jose and Way .Stations ««»"»
7-.0OA Han Jose and Way Stations l '^t P
/7:«»A New Ali>iad<-n / 4sl«»
M:OI>a Han Joae. Tres linos. Haut* Crnx.
Pacific MlwMfa ballnss, San Lois
Obispo, Santa Barbara ami Prin-
cipal intermediate Stations 7>43p
1O::«O* Ban Jcseaud Way Station* 4:10p
I I:»Oa Hau .lose and Way Stations SsttOp
tXt<f»rSaii Mateo. Uedwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Ua» .los*.
Tres Pinos, Santa Cum. Salinas.
Monterey ami Pacllic Grow tl«:43a
XianpHanJosaandWay Stations. 6:304
f4:l3r San Jose ami Principal Way .stations »:43a
1»:O»p San Jose, Los Gates and Principal
Way Stations \u2666»»•€»*
.izitOp Ran .loan and Principal Way Stations 8:3«A
OiOOp EedwoDd, San Jos»>. Gilroy, Salinas, = \u25a0*"'
Santa Barbara. Lai Angeles 10:03a
«iMr San Jose ami Way Stations fW-.ww*
qll:4.->p San Jm» »ii.1 Way Statii.ua WiSOf
A for Morning. r f:>r Afternoon,
t Sunday excepted. 1 Sunday only,
q Saturday only. ' # £^ u^* r *i nd - Fri<j3J !-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Forry.
Commencing September 29. 1901.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL. VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-6:55, 8:30. »9:30. 11:00 a. m..
•1:45, 3:13, 4:15. 6:15, *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS-*S:00. "10:00. 11:30 a. m.. *l:13,
3:15. *4:«, 6:30, 9:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAyS-'5:K. 6:27. 7:43. 8:35. 10:13
a. m.. *12:25. 2:15. •3:33, 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday!
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15, *8:0O. •10:00. *11:13 a. m
•1:40. *3:15. 4:43, »6:30 p. m.
Trains marked (*> start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45, 8:43, 7:53, 8:55. 10:39
a. m.. 12:35. 2:43, 3:50. 5:10 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Monday*. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at T:1O and 10:35 p. m.
'SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. m.. 12:05. 2:15. 3:30.
5:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadcro and way sta-
tions. '\u25a0-\u25a0
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. rn. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
Legal Holidays boats and trains will run on
Sunday time.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I 629 HEARST ST. .Establish**
|in IH.lfl for the treatment of PrtvatA
f Diseases, I,<wt Uannood. Debility or
iii*ea.v wearinirnii body ami mind anil
\u25a0 Skin Dtaenscs. The Doctorcureswhrn
Mothers fall. Try him. Charges low.
... \u25a0*•"\u25a0••" sr«u»rnnt**«l. Callorwrtts*
Dr. J. JF- MIBBON. ban Fram-l.-irc CatQ THE SAN FBANOISCO r CALIi, MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, l»Ol.
10
HELP •~/Ajr~_D — -MA— E — -Ce/n^^^
MEN "WANTED IMMEDIATELY.
CARPENTERS.
FILEDRIVER HANDS.
EXPERIENCED RAFTSMEN.
All applications for work received at
Room No. 15..... No. 4 California at.
BRIDGE AND WHARF BUILDERS . EM-
PLOYERS' ASSOCIATION.
Atlantic, Gulf and Pacific Co. _ .
California Bridge and Construction Co*
City Street Improvement Co. /
Cotton Bros. & Co. »
Dundon Bridge and Construction Co.
Healey. Tibbltta & Co.
Hyde Construction Co.
Darby Laydon & Co.
J. A. McMahon,
Pacific Construction Co.
Thomson Bridge Co.
Robt. Wakefleld.
"WANTED— Stevedores, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and loosed on
\u25a0teamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and .giving satisfaction at thla
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
play to Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
COREMAKERS wanted at th» RIsdon Iron
Works, San Francisco; steady employment;
excellent Inducements. Apply at office, Beala
and Howard sts.
FIRST-CLASS coat maker wanted; steady em.
ployment MARTIN BROS.. 17 Stockton st.
•WANTED— A good cook. Apply Central Hotel.
530 and 532 Third st
A BUSHELMAN wanted. 200 Kearny st.
A GOOD barber wanted. 591 Hayes St., near
Laguna; steady work.
WANTED— A boy to take and deliver orders
for meat market. Box 1175. Call office.
BEDMAKER wanted. 2S Turk - St., Fart
Hotel. .
WANTED— Two lunch waiters. 582 Sixth st
A GOOD bootblack wanted at 13C3 Market st..
opposite Seventh.
"WANTED— Dishwasher. 133 East St.
WANTED— A boy of 14 or 15 years old to driva
a butcher's cart. Butchershop, 1414 Valencia.
WANTED— Young man about 17 for grocery.
Address E. O., box 1176. Call office.
WANTED — A union barber; middle-aged man
preferred. Cor. Thirtieth st. and San Jose av,
WANTED— Man to attend lunch counter; ona
with experience. 301 Sixth st.
DISHWASHER wanted. $15 and lodging. 1759ia
Mission st
TAILOR -wanted on fine custom coats; steady
. work; good pay. 533 Natoma st.
PORTERS— 2 active porters wanted; wages $30
and board. Bohemian Club. city.
MAN to drive milk wagon. Apply 614 Oc-
tavia st. - - - \u25a0
WANTED— 3 lunch waiters. Powell and Beach
streets.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good,
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
100© MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Minlns Co.,
near Weaverville. Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
\u25a0wages in State. Sao. Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montsomery St., room 23, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
AN assistant foreman for the boiler shop of
the Risdon Iron Works of San' Francisco i
must be capable of laying out work and ex-
perienced in the handling of mechanics and
other help. Apply at office of company, Beala
and Howard sts.
WANTED — A bright, active youngr man bet.
the ages of 23 and 33. of good address, to so-
licit savings accounts for local bank; can
make frfom $3 to $10 per day; references re-
quired. Address box 970. Call.
WANTED— 100 teamsters by the E. B. _ A. L.
Stone Co. for their camp near Jackson. Ama-
dor County, Cal.; wages for 2-horse team-
sters, $2 per day; wages for 4-horse team-
sters. $2 25 per day; board $4 50 per week.
TAILORS — A first-class ladies' tailor to -work,
on jackets and skirts tor Santa Rosa; must
be rapid. Apply to STEIN. SIMON & CO.,
corner Second and Market sts.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; toots donated; positions guaranteed;
catalogue free. UOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay st. \u25a0 . \u25a0
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs _enver House. 217 Third at. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Young man handy with tools to set
up toys. Apply at HALE BROS, before 11
a. m.
WANTED— Young man for office work; must
be good at figures. Apply before 11 a. m. at
HALE BROS.. Inc.
WANTED — Boys and young men to learn to
operate sewing machines at GREENEBAUM,
WEIL & MICHEL'S' factory, 531 Mission st
WANTED— First-class picture frame Joiner;
steady work; only experienced need apply.
13-17 Telegraph ave.. Oakland.
COATMAKER, bushelman and pantsmaker for
country. Apply REISS BROS. & CC\, 21 Sut-
ter st. \u25a0
WANTED — Flrst-class experienced dry goods
wrapper for delivery department. Apply box
1132, Call office.
WANTED— A reliable city drummer, salary
and commission, for a family liquor store.
Address 'K.,'* P. O. Box 520. Sacramento.
2-CHAIR barber shop; Santa Rosa; well lo-
cated; good business; cheap. C. A. BRO-
BACK. 319 Fourth st. Santa Rosa. Cal.
at.t. sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WATCHMAKER wanted for city stor«; must
work evenings; steady position. Box 981, Call.
WANTED — Cook, for a small restaurant. 1915
Central ave., bet. California and Sacramento.
SOBER shoemaker on repairing; good proposi-
tion to ri§ht man. 1R>8 Lacuna St.. nr. Post
BOY tu ' make himself useful - about store.
Loewenthal's, 914 Market st.
BOY 17 years, to learn glove finishing. CAR-
SON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
STRONG boy to help plumber. and for shop:
references. Box 968, Call.
WANTED— A good, quick waiter; $25 and
room. 615 Taylor st.
IRONMOLDERS and machinists wantad. 605
. Mission st.
BOY to pack extracts; $4 £0 per week. PAUL
RIEGER. 141 First st
YOUNG men to learn barber trade- catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College, 741A Howard.
STRONG, intelligent boys IS to 20 years to
learn Iron moldera' trade. 505 Mission st.
200 MEM to buy suits made to order. $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st.
GOOD butcher to take an old established shop.
Sorner Geary and Devlsadero sts.
SAILORS, ordinary, for ships for all parts of
the world. HERMAN'S. 26 Steuart st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs- second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls. r. 40, Phebi.1
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st, near Mar-
l ket — 70O rooms. 25c night: reading rooms; frea
•** 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 FUImore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 103S
Valencia st. .
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
i Call. . 16 pages, sent to any address in the
" United States or Canada one £ ear for \u25a0 +1,
postage paid. ' -
HORSES AjDJVAGqXS.
DO not fall to attend the special auction sata
Wednesday. October 9, at 11 a. m.. at' tha
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth- st. JOI_«
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. '. \u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0
A HUNDRED he-ad of well broke Genran
army horses, suitable for all business pur-
poses. Just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard, 1733 Market St.*
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon
one gurney; all second-hand; one second-hand
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth st.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. £5 Doie st., S. F.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
hands; sound, gentle. E. S.. 721 Howard st.
ONE black road team, one carriage team. on«
fast road team. 7_ Howard st. *
FOR sale— $43; piano box buggy, nearly new
130 Second ave.. near California st. - -.~-
A BARGAIN In ftcod carriage, saddle, business
and road acrtes. DALZIEL, 605 O, a. ay—
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE Con.
13 ROOMS on O'Farrell st; cheap; price $650.
12 rooms on Second st; great bargain; price
$225. \u25a0.
21 rooms on Eddy st; great bargain.
20 rooms on Sutter st. ; price $800.
Houses, any part of city, to be sold in our
office under a thorough Investigation; for any
line of business call at our office. 1016 Market
St., opposite Fifth. McBRIDE & CO., Real
Estate and Auctioneers. . . . •
OWNERS— To effect a quick and satisfactory
sale Hat your houses with G. W. SCHWEIN-
HARD. 917 Market st., opposite Mason; phone
Mint 1011. . •
BUYERS— Before buying a house go to
G. W. SCHWEINHARD,
917 Market st, opposite Mason.
He can suit you In houses and prices. ,
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED— ' '
24 rooms, rent $65, part cash ..$1000
27 rooms, business corner, cheap rent.... 1800
28 rooms, rent $50, clears' $100 | 900
40 rooms, cheap rent, N. Market 3S0O
120 rooms, rent $110, profits $1600 yearly.. 3500
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St.. rms.'l. J.
OFFICE NEAR THE CALL BUILDING.
He has been in this business 15 years.
— He draws up the legal papers free of charge.-
He has 4 salesmen— Business . is booming. .
Money to loan— payable monthly or yearly.
Call for his long free list of lodging-houses.
10-ROOM new flat, a bargain for $500
IS rooms; near Market; rent only $55 1400
26 rooms; fine location; rent $100;' only.... 1500
60 others to choose from. Call at office and
• see list. Will ' loan you money at 1V4%. M.
E. RIVES, 916 Market St.; tel. Main 128.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses,
hotels and business chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO.; 935 Market St.;
phone Folsom 1592. ' .
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices, in air parts of the city; get our
i list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
11 ROOMS; modern house; rent $40; good fur-
\u25a0 niture and carpets; having other business I
will sell for $600; terms half cash. G. H.,
box 1145, Call office.
IN a good location, who has it, a business or
lodging-house for gale that clears $100 month.
Box 1144, Call office.
9 ROOMS; rent $20; water free; $250. F. J.
DECK & CO., r? 208 Emma Spreckels bldg.
FULTON, 1206, near Scott — Three unfurnished
connecting rooms; bath; laundry; references.
FOLSOM, 620— Large furnished rooms; large
grounds for families with children: 1st floor.
LODGING-HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— House of 10 or 15 rooms, partly
furnished;, central location. Box 967. Call.
SPIRITUALISM.
A^MRsT~DR. ~FARNHAM,' spiritual medium
and life reader; mining a specialty; cir. Sun.,
Wed. and Friday evenings. 1035 Market st.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak st.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, ladles, 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings dally, 50c. •
BROCKWAY' S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day, Thursday, S:15 p.m.; 25c; readings daily.
289 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car.
PROF. GEE, 108 6th— Readings 50c and $1; cir. ;
every night ex. Sun., 10c; tel. Howard 1123.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m.. 10c; readings
60c and $1. 148 Sixth, r. 12; tel. Howard 1129.
EARLE, independent slate writer; 328 Ellis; tel.
Polk 1601; seance Tues.. Thurs., Sun.. 8 p. m.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME M BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall ; send stamp for pamphlet
with specla^ terms. Daily and Sunday.
A-1.INCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
HIGH PSYCHIST.'
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fail; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
i \u25a0
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or \u25a0wife;
fee 23c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
MISS M. WILLE, 326A Ellis st, greatest of all
crystal seers; reads your life correctly; tells
past, present, future; full names given; sit-
tings. 50c up; 3 questions by mail $1.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double Veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease- with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clair. sit. ?1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth: private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.- -
BROCKWAY tells everything; if you are con-
templating a change in business or social life
consult him. 299 Hyde st., corner Eddy.
' MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader: ladies
25c; gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth st.
MRS. B. Baumann. well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St.. nr. Fourth.
MRS. MELVILL, well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c.
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th: open Sundays.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% Jessie St., bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
! CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 333-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
MODERN CO.; steam cleaning, 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
CARPETS beaten or laid, 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY, 1511^ Market st; phone Mint 1095.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c; renovated; relald. 105 14th St.; tel.Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works
333 Golden Gate ave.j telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth st.; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
vatlngCo., 240 Fourteenth st; tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS. ~ "
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails; painless cure
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny st,. room 307.
COLLECTION OFFICES. ~~
i GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No^chargft^n^
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency room
85. 916 Market. Advice free: tel. Red 5211.
— - _______ _____„
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market~streeT
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns, $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st, cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, ' extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. in. to 10 p. m.; Sundays 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless^method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; prices
cheapest- and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK.. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW \u25a0 unbreakable plate, -the' Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
.- 60c; plates. $3. full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth. <
AT \u25a0 Ideal Dental Co., 6. Eddy st. — Work done
on. weekly installments;, lowest rates. ..-
•YOU can save 40 per' cent on dental work' by
going to DR.- BROWN,. 54 Sixth Et.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 26c.
SET of ' teeth / without plate. -DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1S41 Polk st. . - . :
DR. R. L. WALSH. 815% Geary.nr. Larkin— Pain-
less extraction 50c; plates $5 up; Phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg. •*•«-
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C.- P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital, 510 Golden Gate ave.
HELP WANT—P— -F—MAIjC— -Co_ .
MACHINE operators and hand sewers at
LEVI- STRAUSS & CO.'S overall factory, 3%
Fremont st.; good wages; no experience
necessary; steady work. Apply MB. DAVIS.
GIRL. 16 to 18 years old; light housework: 2
In family; Alameda; good home; $3 week.
Box 310. Call office. • - \u25a0
LADY with teacher's certificate and thorough
bookkeeper; $500; security. Box 998. Call.
WANTED— Young girl to work in restaurant.
8 Howard st... near East. "
GIRL or middle-aged woman for general house-
work; 3 in family; $20. 405 Sutter St.
AT once— Woman of tact and capability to
travel. Box 1138. Call office.
EXPERIENCED salesladies for. millinery;
highest wages; steady position. 130 Sixth St.
GENTLEMAN with '. one child wants house-
Keeper. Address box 1163, Call office.
WANTED— Experienced hands for alterations
on cloaks and suits. Apply at HALE BROS,
before -11 a. xn. '
WANTED— A first class millinery trimmer.
. Apply before 11 a. m. at HALE BROS.. Inc.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on cloaks and suits at
H. RATNER'S. 131 Post st. • __
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109S
Valencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
A— MURRAY^IrEADY ..Phone Main 5848
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. MONDAY.
FREE FREE •. FREE. FREE
....C. N. W. R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK....
R. R. TRACKMEN R. R. TRACKMEN
SPECIAL
20 trackmen. C. N. W. R. R. Co.'s own work
new .work.'. $2 day free fare
20 steel and ballast men— Ukiah free fare
ALSO FOR UKIAH
25 teamsters— Ukiah free fare
25 laborers— Ukiah free fare
BOILERMAKERS .......
3 boiiermakers for a large company, coun-
try li^ $3 60 day
Brick mason's helper, mine $75
Stonecutter, city; furnace man. mine, $65, and
house bench hand, $3 day; 2 molders, city;
handy -man and repair stoves, country fur-
, niture store.
/ MISCELLANEOUS
SAWMILLS AND WOODS MINES
LABORERS FARMS, ETC
6 men to work in woods, San Mateo Co., no
experience required $30 and fd
10 woodchoppers, Sonoma Co.. 75c to $1 25 cord
4 laborers, no experience, mine.... $30 and fd
- 5 muckers, mining company $75
10 laborers, no experience, near city $60
150 laborers, city and country.$l 75 to $2 50 day
» TEAMSTERS
; 10 2-horse teamsters, country $2 a day
10 4-horse teamsters, country $2 25 a day
....SHASTA AND TRINITY. COUNTIES....
CHEAP FARES
250 laborers, no experience required, $2 to $2 50
a day; 50 drillers $2 50 a day
WE SHIP EVERY NIGHT....
27 farm and orchard hands $26 and $30
Dairyman, north, $30; 9 milkers, different
country dairies $30
5 choremen and; boys r Catholic choreman, in-
stitution, country, $20; boy to drive delivery
\u25a0wagon; porter, city store. $35; young man
who understands lumber, for a> merchandise
store
Married choreman, wife to cook, small In-
stitution
............HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Chief cook, eating-house $50 and found
Sausage maker, mining company.. $40 and fd
Cook, small place, city, $35 and found; cook,
plain hotel, near city, $40 and found; 7 cooks,
different places; dishwasher, officers' mess,
$20; 2 beef luggers $2 25 a day
Pantryman, country hotel $30 and found
Waiter, restaurant, $40; 9 waiters, country
hotels, $25 and $30; bell boy, $10; 3 camp
waiters. $25. MURRAY & READY. 634-633
_Clay st. \u25a0
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary »t.
Railroad Work. Railroad Work
Free Fare Free Fare
....FOR UKIAH
BO track layers $2 a day
50 men for steel gang:... $2 a day
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers $2 25 to $2 50 a day
50 muckers $2 a day
FOR TRUCKEE
100 laborers $175 a day
FOR NEVADA
60 teamsters $2 a day
60 laborers $2 a day
Free Fare Ship Dally Free Fare
6 teamsters, near city ....$2 a day
10 scraper teamsters....- $2 a day
6 house carpenters $3 to $3 50 a day
2 bridge carpenters, R.R.work.$3 to $3 50 day
10 drillers for big ditch .'..$2 50 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head cook.r country hotel. $60; 6 waiters,
country hotel, $30 to $25; waiter, institution,
$20; marker, $2 to $2 50 a day; shirt polisher,
$1 50 to $2 a day, for country laundry; laun-
dryman, institution, country, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third st., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
...'....Railroad Teamsters and Laborers
UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE
50 railroad teamsters for. Ukiah $2 to $2 25
EO laborers for Ukiah $2 per day
..'.. FREE FARE
6 lumber pliers, country $2 per day
• 6 laborers, new Job, near city $2 per day
20 laborers for quarry $2 to $2 50 per day
Carload of laborers $2 25 to $2 50 per day
No office fee for above carload. Reduced
rates to Shasta and Trinity counties. We
charter a car to leave here Monday p. ni.
Old man to do chores on ranch, $15 per mo.
6 laborers, country, 6 months' work, $25 & bd.
6 laborers, near city, $1 25 and board.
Blacksmith, horse3hoer, country. $3 per day.
Young man, private place. $20 per month.
MAN and wife for kitchen work, small house,
$45; waiter for lunch counter, $35 and found;
cook, country boarding-house, $40; restaurant
second cook. $70; delicatessen man for coun-
try, $35 to $40; pantry roan, hotel. $22 50 and
found: waiters, oorters, dishwashers and
others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO:. 628 Sacra-
mento st.
FIRST-CLASS gardener for country; painter
and furniture man for hotel. $40 and found;
matcher and sticker man. 30c an hour, steady
job; blacksmith helper, $2 day; man for wood
and coal yard, $9 week; 10 scraper teamsters
for. country, $2 25 day ; 10 laborers for quarry,
$2 day; milkers, $30 and found; boys for
stores and factories, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
AT W..D. EWER & CO.'S. 610 Clay st.
.Gardener, commercial place $30 and found
2 waiters, country hotels.... $25 and fare paid
Horseshoer for city $3 a day
Ironmolder for city $3 a day
Plain laundryman. hotel $20 and fonhd
10 scraper teanJiiters $2 25 a day
10 laborers, dlfch work $2 25 a day
Farmer and plain blacksmithing $26
Cook for river boat $40
Cook and wife for institution $95
Cobbler for country
Choreman for- ranch : $30
ANDRE'S office. 316 Stockton St.— Meat cook.
Eureka, $45; second cook, chophouse, $35 and
found*: night cook, $40; 3 waiters, $30; baker,
country shop, $35; choreman, private place,
$15; young man to drive bus and do porter's
work, country hotel, $20; 2 * dishwashers,
country, * $20, etc.
A COOK for an institution in city, $60; also
a second cook and dishwasher, same place,
$40 and $25; a young strong man to help In
a winery, $1 day: an errand boy, $5 -week.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st.nr. Powell.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12.
Starcher and marker for .country laundry,
good wages; 2 colored waiters, country, $25.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers'- International Union
meets to-night, 8:30, 32 O'Farrell. I. LESS. Sec.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment. 927 Market St., room 207.
I. LESS, secretary; telephone Jessie 1176.
WANTED— Sober, reliable youne man with
'some cash: $60 month; no experience neces-
.. sary; close Sundays. Apply 1221 Market St..
• room 1. ,\u25a0- «
WANTED— Steady, reliable man with $100 for
a plain. every day business; will pay $60 to
$65 a month; experience not required; place
. permanent. Apply 765 Market St.. room 3.
WANTED— Bright boy about 15 years old for
general work in store. MARKS BROS.. 1212
Market st. '\u25a0 . .
YOUNG man understanding butcher business
to sell - provisions from wagon; must take
care of his horse. 2503 Howard st. »
WANTED— Man who can hustle; extraordinary
inducements offered up-to-date salesman by
large concern. Address box 553^jCall office.
BOY or young man to learn grocery business-
room and board and small wages Box *vn'
Call office. Oakland. ''
FIRST-CLASS lunch counter waiter for coun
• try ..hotel in Nevada; wages $35 per month
and found. Address box 1178. Call office.
WANTED— Tailor; good presser; steady nn«i
tlon. - ROOS BROS.,' 25-37 Kearny- st.-
PANTS and vest maker for .the country J
BAUMGARTEN & CO.,. 7 Aontgomery^st.
WANTED— First-class painters at 463 Gearv
\u25a0 St., . near Taylor. e< "'
0^ 6 - »«rai__r_
G sg D corn1r b McA : iia' Wage '- \u25a0 W F »^
BARBER; steady work. 237% Fifth : rt.
; PORTER for barber shop, g Market gt.
I GET your shoes half-soled while waiting- 23c
I to 50c. S63 Mission st. bet. 1st and 2d \u25a0fcfc
: EMPLOYMENT WANTED— HALE.
AN experienced bookkeeper and • timekeeper
wishes position; will- furnish references. Box
' 909, Call. .
FIRST-CLASS house cleaning and laundry
work - by the day. CHARLIE, 20 Prospect
place. < ...
JAPANESE honest boy wants position . as
schoolboy in the city. Address T. MACEDA,
646% Valencia St., San Francisco.
GARDENER wants'situatlon; competent In all
branches; German; single; middle-aged. Ad-
dress B.. box 984, Call office. \u25a0/
HOTEL manager of experience, temperate and
.steady, wants employment; good references.
Address box 994, Call offlce.*-
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . .
FINANCIAL.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post st.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing . stocks and bonds; companies incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET.
A— $10; SUNNY bay window flat; 3 rooms, yard.
821 Valencia st, near Nineteenth, third floor.
A SUNNY lower flat; 4 large rooms, bath and
nice yard; adults; $20. 1111 Jones, nr. Cal.
SUNNY 8-room; 2 kitchens;" corner bay wln-
dow; middle; modern. Key 417V& Third st. \u25a0
5 ROOMS occupied 6 years by French dress-
maker. 414 Post st. • "
$13 50—289 SHIPLEY, near Sixth— Middle flat;
bath, gas; nice yard; all sunny:
FLATS TO LET FUHIVISHBO. •
PARTLY furnished lower flat to let. 1124 Tay-
lor st. . . \
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KE^LERT^l^JasTH^yesTnrl vTNesi
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
SI— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $48 50, with No. 7 ,
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
ELEGANT furniture of 12 rooms, residence, on
Van Ness ave. Address box 982. Call.
FOR SALE— Furniture of 5 rooms and bath, j
912 Ellis st; rent $1S; call Monday. i
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc. ; phone Jessie 2071.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
1710 Market: tel. South 413.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays higheat
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354. !
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp, 928 Howard st.,
tel. Jessie 1122; furniture, merchandise bought.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis St.; telephone Larkin
2782; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 761 before Belling furniture, car- [
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market. !
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
HELP WANTED FEMALE.
A— M^sT^TiEr^AT^CoCv3n^nTMain~lW5
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Waitress, Lathrop $20
Waitress, restaurant, $30
Waitress, restaurant '. $.7 week
6 waitress, first-class city hotels $20
3 chambermaids to wait ' $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Cook, $30; housegirl, $30, 3 in family; house-
girl. $25; nursegirl, 1 child, $15; many other
choice places, best wages.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAIDS and seamstress. 30; wait-
ress and parlor-maid, $30; infant's nurse, $25;
' waitress and parlor-maid for San Mateo, $25;
first-class cook for American family. $35;
cook who understands German cooking,' $35;
fifty housework girls for city and country,
wages $30. $25 and $20.' MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter St., near Powell. .' . :
THREE women for light work In factory, 75c
per day and Increase. MISS PLUNKETT,
425 Sutter st, near Powell.
ANDRE'S Employment Office, -
316 Stockton st
3 chambermaids and seamstresses, $25; 3 Ger-
man and Scandinavian cooks, $35, $30 and $25;
Catholic cook, institution, $S0; 2 French cooks, ;
$25 and $30; second work, San Mateo, $25;
German nursery governess, $25; young girls
for housework, $25 and $20. .
WANTED — Tailoress, regular first-class 2-pair-
a-day pants finisher; $10 a week; extra pay
for not ordinary work; always steady. Tailor,
box 1177, Call office. ' "
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; one who can
finish; also first-class finisher; good pay; call
ready to work. 1000 Harrison st., cor.. Sixth.
GIRL for general housework; four in family;
wages $25 to $30. Call before 11 a, m., 1896
Broadway.
WANTED— Waist hands. 2014 Sutter st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $20; refer-
ences. Call forenoon, 1724 . Turk st.
APPRENTICE and good waist finishers. 1542
Webster st
GIRLS wanted. Cascade Laundry, 175 Tenth st.
WANTED — Girl for general housework, $25. 3336
Clay st, near Central ave.
WANTED— First-class tailoress on coats. 208
Sutter st. '
WANTED— Girl to assist housework. 2112
Green st. ; wages $15; call after 8.
WANTED— Business woman attend lodging-
house department 1159 Mission, 9 to 11 a. m.
WANTED — Girl for housework and plain cook-
ing; wages $20. 1023 O'Farrell st. \u25a0
GIRL to run machine. New York Milliner,
120S Market st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework. 112S%
Turk st. \u25a0\u25a0.\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0
WANTED— A German girl for children and
sewing; $25. 9 to 12, 2297 Laguna st
GIRL to do light housework. Apply 677 Mc-
Allister St., top flat; bell upstairs.
GIRL to assist; general housework. 1632 Union
• street. \u25a0\u25a0 .
WANTED — Apprentice girls on custom coats;
paid while learning. 1020B Folsom st.
WANTED— A flrst-class parlor maid and wait-
ress. Apply 3640 -Washington st.
WANTED— A girl for housework and cooking;
wages $20; references. 1634 Fell st.
GERMAN girl wanted for general housework;
wages $20. Apply 1321 Mason st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist with house-
work; good home; wages $10. 2450 Bush st.
YOUNG girl for second work. 2344 Sutter st ".
WANTED— Waitress at 467 McAllister it •
WANTED— Waitress at 207 Third st
EXPERIENCED lunch waitress wanted. Peo-
ple's Restaurant, 631 Clay. st. \u25a0 . '
WANTED— Waitress. '29 Fourth st. ' .
YOUNG girl wanted for light housework; fam-
lly. of 2; $10. 1126 Turk et. ,
EXPERIENCED' operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing, v Standard Shirt Factory, corner Gough*
and Grove sts. . , ,. ; •
HAIRDRESSING taught In 2 weeks; manicur-
. ing and facial massage included; entire
. course $5; positions positively guaranteed;
.• four good positions waiting. S. . F. College,
143 Stockton st., room 15*. \u25a0 ! ' " ...
W'ANTED— Experienced operator on buttonhole
machine; also operator on women's waists
• and wrappers. MARKS BROS., \u25a0> 1212-1214
Market st. . . . : . \u25a0 \
PRIVATE - MilllJiery Parlors— Ladies' , own ma-
terials utilized or new furnished; work" and
I style guaranteed;- trade taught; -reasonable
1C0O Van Ness ave. . . \u25a0 • N ; _..-.
WANTED-An experienced girl for general
ho««ifwork in Oakland; small wtishlng; wages
$30. Apply 606 Montgomery st, room'7, S. F. '.
EXPERIENCED operators \u25a0 on negligee shirts;
steady work; best prices.' • LOWENBERG &
i CO., 27 Jessie St., 5th floor. -.:• . .:
WANTED^-Glrl .for general . housework ; 2 in
family; short distance in country. Call 9 to J
: 12, 233 Devisadero . St.
WANTED— First-class waist . and skirt trlm-
. mers. COX, . 1514 \u25a0 Pine ' st .
A- GIRL for light housework, and plain, cook-
lng; wages $25.. 2235& Howard at.y \u25a0/ ,
WANTED^Young girl for general housework; ;
'\u25a0 need not cook. 3831 Eddy st *\u25a0\u25a0.'. \u25a0 \u25a0 * '
DRY goods saleslady wanted; 9 o'clock house
Box 1000, Call office. \u25a0 ;
SAX FRAXCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The Saa Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
l_tll 12 o'clock every night in the year. — «-
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
800 Hayes etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
. C39 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 p. m, ,
_61 Market street corner Sixteenth; open
until S p. m.
106 Eleventh etreet: open until 9 p. m.
1096 Valencia street; open until t p. n.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until S p. m.
2200 Fillmore t-treet; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. \u25a0»-
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING kt _fif*_
7:30 o'clock. First degree. Past Mas- TEJT
ter C. L. HASKELL will act ae W. /~r 1
M.. and all the stations will be occupied by
Past Masters of this lodge. By order of
the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30, F. and •
A. M.— Officers and members are re- fc ji^,
Quested to assemble at the Masonic TE_X
Temple TUESDAY, lSth, at 12:15, for * V
the purpose of conducting the funeral ser-
vices of our late brother. LEWIS PALMER
PEACOCK, thence by 12:45 narrow-gauge boat
to Alameda Masonic Temple; get off at Park
tu By order of the Senior Warden.
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary-
KING Solcn-on's Lodge No. 260, £\ & a
A. M.— 1839 Fillmore street. Second __V_
dsgree THIS EVENING a< ":30 o'ciock. jLjZ
HAKKY BAEHR. Secretary. / ~r
TERBA Buena Lodge No. 15, I.
O. O. I\— Meirbc-rs are requested
to assemble in Memorial Hall \u25a0 = 5§2SfvK3^
TUESDAY. Oct. 15, 1901, at 1:30 f/l*X*-
o'clock sharp, for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late brother, JOHN M.
ELMQtJ»:sr. THOS. C. MARTIN, N. G.
J. J. DE RAVES, Rec. Sec.
HALL of Hartnagel Supreme Arch Chap- y&j
ter No. 3. U. A. O. D.. Druids' Kail, 413 Igg
Sutter Bt., San Francisco, October 12.
1901. — The officers and members of the above-
named chapter are hereby notified to meet
at their hall TUESDAY. October 15. at 1
o'clock sharp, for the purpose of attending
the funeral of our late Brother Arch Druid,
K J. KRUKAU.
JAMES F. MARTINONL C. D.
JOHN BUTTON. Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN barbers, notice— Special meet-
ing of Local Union No. 14S TO-NIGHT. 32
O'Farrell st. All members must be present.
Business of importance^ 8:45 o'clock sharp.
A. E. WRAY, President,
'_ LESS, Secretary,
Journeyman Barbers' Union.
|THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from G. F. Edwards, in the Philo ;
Haven Consolidated placer mine, near Gold '
Lake, Sierra Co., to deposit tailings in Mud
Lake, which drains into Frarier Creek; from
the Purdy Creek Mining Co., in the Purdy
Creek mine, near Frenchtown. Yuba Co., to
deposit tailings in Purdy Creek; from Ed-
ward Bryan, in the Chaparral Hill -gold
gravel mine, near Onicn Valley, Plumas Co.,
to deposit tailings In Berg Creek, and from
the Norwegian Mining Co.. in their mine :
near Tuttletown. Tuolumne Co.. to deposit
tailings in Jackass Gulch, gives notice that
a meeting will be held at room E9. Flood
building, San Francisco. Cal.. on October 2L
19C1. at 1:20 V. m. I
THE California Debris Commission, having re- 1
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Calavcras Mining, Water
and Power Company, in the Johnston and
Scott Hill mines, near San Andreas. Calaveras
County, to deposit tailings in Willow Creek; :
from Charles Hiltcn, in the Calvaritas Hill :
mine, at Calvaritas. Calaveras County, to de-
posit tailings in gulches draining into O'Neill
and San Antonio Creeks; and from Manuel
Leal and A. Rose, in the South Honcut mine.
In Yuba County, near Bangor. to deposit tall- .
ings in South Honcut Creek, gives notice that :
a meeting will be held in room 59, Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on October 28,
1S01. at 1:30 p. — ,
ANNUAL meeting— The annual meeting of
stockholders of the Kilauea Sugar Plantation
Company will be held at the office of the com-
pany. _7 Market St.. in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, on
WEDNESDAY, October 23, 1901, at the hour
of 11 o'clock a. m. for the purpose of amend-
ing section 2 cf article II of the by-laws and
lor the transaction of euch other business as
may come before the meeting. Transfer books
will close on Saturday. October 12, 1901, at 12
o'clock noon. By order of the president.
H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
AGEXTS WANTED.
PRESERVE your photos by tinting and mount-
ing on glass; never fades; agents are coin-
ing money; one wanted in every town; send
50c for sample and territory- CHAS. SHDttEY,
Ean Jose, Cal. ...
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKinley, 500 pages;
best book; 100 illustrations; outfit free; com-
plete book, ready for delivery. • S. C. MIL-
LER _ CO.. Portland Or.
Al AGENTS in every town for McKinley sou-
venir pictures; faFt sellers: sample 7c in post-
age. HAGENS & CO.. 508 California st, S f F.
W ANTED — Select agents for the latest and
fastest selling book published. THE WHIT-
AKER * RAY CO., 723 Market EC, city.
LEATHER lustre sells like hot cakes; best shoe
dressing on earth; sample 2Sc. BROWN, room
9. 41 TJiird Et.
WANTED — Experienced rooming-house and
business chance solicitor. Decker, 1C20 Mkt
GLOBE Portrait Co.— Removed to 1067 Market;
agents wanted; can make S3 to $3 a aay.
ADOPTION.
MATERNITY Villa— Good homes for healthy in-
fants. Dr. Emilie Funke.1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: pogtal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
RICHELIEU.
Phonograph life delineator of character anl
destiny; never introduced before. 1S2S Scott
St.. near Pine, 1 to 6 p. m. daily.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologist; complete life
reading, 50c; by mail, 5bc. 1163 Market Bt
J ATTORXEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENALTattorney, 514
Montgomery et— Divorces, private*, fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected; documents drawn ; mortgages ;
property bought; money loaned; Insurance 30c
on $100. P. B. TRAVERS, evenings, 41614 Post.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy ;col -
lections ;attachments: mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships ;deeds;wllls drawn; fees low;open
eve's. THURSTON. 10*8^ Mkt., r. 4, opp. 5th.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc.. prepared: charge low; estb.
IS years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 80O Market st.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
ESTATES, chancery; most moderate fees. 14
McAllister St.. GEO. W. JOHNSON. Atty.
ADVICE free; moderate fee if successful : office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT, S27 Market.
L. S. CLARK. Emma SpreWcels bldg.. C27 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
/ HOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 3607 California st.
BOOKS — XEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BUREAU TRUNKS.
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $1800; BAKERY in Western AdditionTestabl
lished 26 years; rent $45; 2 horses, 1 wagon;
most store trade; baking 3 barrels per day.
Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26»* Kearny st.
A— $V>0; RESTAURANT and chop bouse;
ladies' rooms; daily receipts about $45; rent
J50; best location. Tenderloin district. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26>£ Kearny st.
A— $350; BRANCH bakery, notions and fancy
grocery store in Alameda; rent $10; good lo-
cation and fine paying business. Call R. G.
WILKE, 26V4 Kearny et.
A— $150; GOOD-PAYING saloon, close to the
vatrr front; rent $25; must be sold at once, as
owner is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call R. G.. WILKE, 2S% Kearny st.
A— HOG; -CORNER saloon on Mason st; rent
$25; good business; must be sold at once;
owner accepted Government position. Call
R. -G. WILKE, 26% Kearny Bt.
A— $125; PARTNER wanted in good paying
restaurant on water front Call R G
WILKE, 26'^ Kearny Bt. '
A— $1000; COFFEE ealoon and lunch room in
• whoiesaie district; no rent; dally receipts
from $35 to $40; help expenses only $5 per day.
Call R. G. WILKE. 26fr Kearny Bt.
A— $350; DELICACY ar.d pork store with Z
living rooms; rent $14; business established
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
R. G. AMLKE. 26H Kearny gt.
E « LOON i _' - new fitted U P= ooi stock; rent
$45; good business; must sell; leaving city In-
vestlgate. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st
A H t250: . etore; Market et.; good trade-
bargain. STRAND _ CO.. 20* Kearny 8 c '
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class . rates ; patterns cut. 1019 Market st
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF ELECTRICAL ENGI-
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and 'shop work; thoroughly
practical; day and night. 24 Po»t st, S. F.;
catalogue , free. '. '\u25a0
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
• ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, 24 POST ST..
S. F.— Thorough courses; complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue free.
A— The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER -
MARSH COLLEGE, Is this advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
! A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
school for the- university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods;. positions for all graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. 305 Larkin st.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farrell st.
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; individual instruction; catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.minlng.mech.sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van.
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduate* & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
WANTED— Good mandolin players for select
club, and violinists, etc., for amateur orches-
tra. S. F. Conservatory, 301 Jones st.
SPANISH, French.etc. Prof. DeFilippe' sAcademy
ofLanguages,320Post; estab'd 1871; ablest profs.
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher: translations. 513 McAllister st.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MARY . P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth ct
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared : for the stage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for olr-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
PROF. L. MERKi7exp*erienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st, S. F.;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
• J^_*Al?EiiEraria~' V CWm!6^^ ;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush at.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SWEDISH cook, Just from New York, best of
reliable letters, wants work; not under $30 a
month and nothing outside of a kitchen. Call
at MISS PLUNKETTS, 425 Sutter st, near
Powell.
WAITRESS and parlormaid with excellent city
references wants a situation; can carve.
MISS PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter st, nr. Powell.
GERMAN cook who fully understands all kinds
of cooking wants a place at $40 a month: city
or country. MISS PLUNKETT. 425 Sutter
st, near Powell. ". j
; SWEDISH girl, young, 3 years last place, !
wants second work at - $25 a month. MISS
PLUNKETT, 425 Sutter St., near Powell.
CANADIAN cook, young, references, wants a
place at $35 a month. MISS PLUNKETT.
425 Sutter st, near Powell.
A FIRST-CLASS Institution cook desires sltua-
tlon; good ref. MISS CULLEN. S2B Sutter st.
FRENCH girl speaking no English desires sltu-
atlon as 2d girl. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
WANTED — A position as cook by an American
'woman or as working .housekeeper; under-
stands the care of children; no objection to
a short distance In the country; no postals.
Call at 32 Fourth st. room 12.
AN EXPERIENCED infant nurse; car© of chil- i
dren; good seamstress; light housework;
wages $20, $25; city or Mill Valley. See land-
lady. 777% Market st.
YOUNG Scandinavian girl wishes place for
general housework. 316% Rltch St., between
Brannan and Townsend. - \u25a0 ;
AMERICAN woman wishes position as cook in
family In country. 74S Howard st; wages $25.
EDUCATED young woman, executive ability,
wants position. Box 1173. Call office. • • ,
WANTED— Situation by lady competent to keep
any set of books; have had twelve years' ex-
perience and \u25a0 can furnish first-class refer-
ences. Box 977. Call office.
GERMAN woman, good cook, wants a situa-
tion; country preferred; wages $25 to $35. 335
Sixth st; inquire at carpenter shop.
COMPETENT woman desires engagements to
care for children evenings for theater-goers;
good references. Box 1130, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter desires posi-
tion: experienced and good penman. Address
K. T. T\, 4S3 Twenty-sixth St.. . Oakland.
YOUNG lady would like position at shorthand
and typewriting; experience main object Ad-
dress "Stenographer," Frultvale.
YOUNG girl wishes a position to do second
work and sewing. Call 2832 Howard st.
CHAMBERWORK in hotel or rooming house
by a competent woman. Box 976, Call office.
COLORED woman wants housework half day
by the week. Call 1137 Pacific st.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; " free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. . '
_J33IPLO YMENT. WANTED — MALE.
FIRST-CLASS coachman, single, for private
family; steady and fine all-around man; very
best references and personal from last em-
ployer. Address M. M., 221 Sixth st.
SITUATION wanted by sober, trustworthy man
about private place or wait on table, or will
take housecleaning by the day; Box 1170, Call. \
SITUATION, by young man'. to take care of
horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy with
tools. Box 1171. Call office. 1
WILL give $5 to person who will get me perma-
\u25a0 nent position in country dry goods or gen-
eral store. Box 1172, Call office.
YOUNG' man, understands care of horses;
drive; milk cows; light work; small, wages.
PETER CUSICK, 303 Second st.
SITUATION wanted— A sober and steady man
who understands fruit culture in all its
branches. especially the cultivation of
oranges, lemons, olives, flowers and vege-
tables, with 20 years' experience in Europe
and California; moderate wages -for right
place. Address WILLIAM. 1678 Mission st,
San Francisco, Cal. • ~
WANTED— Situations by man and wife, private
family or hotel, city or country; wife to do
second work, man 'as choreman ; wages $40.
Box 991, Call office.
YOUNG man, -.well educated . in - German and
English,* understands the drug trade, , desires
position ; very best of references given. Box
'999. Call office. -:. . ; -
. WANTED— By flrst-class Eastern people, post-
. tlon as manager, steward or chef; hotel, club
or restaurant; references; \u25a0 wife excellent
housekeeper. B.F. G., 319 Ellis st. \u25a0'.\u25a0,'
PRUNER wants work; good workman on fruit
trees and vines; can apply your. Ideas and is
capable to. work alone; also good grafter.
Box 1165, Call office. • ' -
BOOKKEEPER, bill-clerk or collector's posi-
tion wanted by middle-aged man; city ex-
.. perlence;' good references; small balary to
begin. Box 953. Call' office. ' , " ' '
RELIABLE man' wants position In \u25a0 private
'. \u25a0 place; understands the -care of horses; good
driver; can milk' and attend to garden; good
references. 'Box 969, Call office. . - r'_ ; : \u25a0
'MAN wishes position in a liquor, house; for-
merly rectifier with Wolters Bros. & Co. and
Thomas Taylor & Co. H. A. PUTZMAN, 1126
-.Market' Bt-i \u25a0"\u25a0-. . \u25a0,-\u25a0-.\u25a0 - : \u25a0 . .- \u25a0
YOUNG German wants situation as handy man
about, place, driving included. -Address 225
O'Farrell st; room 6.: . x - L.
POSITION wanted by . a competent man as
collector; bonds, and references given; • salary
.-. no-object. Box 959. Call office. .
BARBER with 2 years' experience wishes posl-
tlon; country preferred." Box 965,' Call- of flee.
GROCERY clerk with city references wants po-
sition; city or country. F. A. C, 207 j Powell.
BT7STXKSS CHASCES-^onttiined.^
WE have a cash buyer for \u25a0 grocery • or res-
taurant coffee house, hotel, lodging house;
will pay as high as $6000. F. J. DECK &
CO., Emma Spreckels building, room 208.
I HAVE all kinds of buyers waiting; list your
stores and lodging-houses with me; I guaran-
tee to sell. F. J. DECK, room 20S, Emma
Epreckels bullfllng. \u25a0-
WANTED— Partner in advertising business. F.
J. Deck & Co., Emma Spreckela bldg., r. 203.
WANTED— Manufacturing business. F. J.
DECK & CO.. Emma Spreckels bldg.. r. 208.
CHOP house at a great sacrifice; price $125;
clearing $100 a month; must be sold at once.
McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market st
A— CIGAR stand netting $4 daily sacrificed on
account of death. Ask HEDGES BROS., 410
Parrott building. __^
$300— RESTAURANT; chance to get bargain;
part down: good location. DONALD McRAE,
837 Mission Et \u25a0•_,
BROWN & OELELL. 41 Third St.— If you want
to sell cr exchange your business or lodging-
house list it with us. Phone Red 3313.
A SNAP— Delicatessen and coffee house; store
worth $500; reduced to $250. R^tsloff, 906 Mkt-
GENTLEMAN of Ability, acquainted with city,
to buy interest In business. Box 957. Call.
\u25a0 PICKLE works— The undersigned offers for
sale, stock, fixtures, machinery and all other
property contained in premises at 11-1" Her-
man st.; formerly owned by the Standard
Packing Co., together with the leasehold in-
terest in said premises and all removable Im-
provements; aa inventory of this property
may be seen at the office of the undersigned,
room 24, third floor. Mills building, or at the
premises, 11-17 Herman St.. where the prop-
erty mcy be inspected. Sealed bids, ad-
dressed to D/ A. Curtin, room 24, third floor.
Mills building, are invited on or bafore
Wednesday. Oct. 16. at 4 p. m., and must be
accompanied by a certified check for at least
10 per cent of the amount offered, returnable
only in case of rejection, the undesigned re-
serving the right to reject any and all bids.
! Terms of sale cash. D. A. CURTIN.
TO shoe men— One of the best repairing shopa
in Oakland for sale; central; steady trade;
low rent; good living room and kitchen; to
a man used to a flrst-class trade this is a
rare chance. Write box 2334, Call office, Oak-
land.
$450 CASH buys half Interest In cleaning and
dyeing business; experience not necessary.
Address E. F.MOBSON. 312 Fourth st., Santa
Rosa. Cal.
FOR Bale — Locksmith's business, with tools,
for small sum; good reason for selling. Ap-
ply MR. McLEAN, 1146 Mission fit, 7:30 a.
m., 12 to 1 noon, or 5:30 p. m.
TO exchange for cigar stand, grocery, lodging-
house or good mercantile business: two new
fiats; cost 13500; rents $25. W. BELL, 142
Crocker building. ,
FOR SALE— A well fitted up saloon on Market
st. near City Hall; will be sold at a bargain;
no agents. Apply at McLeod & Hatze, 515
Market at
FOR SALE— The Call agency in Santa. Cruz;
price $1200.
A— IF you want a business, one that will pay
$250 per month from the start see HEDGES
BROS.. 410 Parrott building.
DELICATESSEN and lunch room; $20 daily
average; owner leaving city; will sell for
bargain; $S00. D. B.. box 1146. Call office.
$150^ — A NEAT cigar store for sale; large liv-
ing-room connected, for factory or club-
room. Inquire 333 Third et -
OLD established cor. grocery and bar; good
location: fine bar trade. Inquire Call branch,
300 Hayes at.
FOR sale— Interest in a meritorious Invention;
call and examine working model. 3673 Eigh-
teenth st
DENTIST — Fine country practice; will sacri-
fice If taken immediately. Address box 973.
Call office.
$2000 WILL take a good' country hotel; short
distance from city; good business. Further
information address box 1044, Call office.
WANTED— Parties to take shares in a rich
gold mine and help develop. 221% Turk st,
12 to 2 d. m.
$1000 — PARTNER wanted for dyeing and laun-
dry business. 1421 Point Lobos ave.
I WANT to buy a grocery and bar; good,
clean stock. Box 1143. Call office.
GOOD milk route. Inquire at 2S20 Twenty-sec-
ond St., near Alabama.
$350— LAUNDRY route; good horse and wagon.
Apply 3372 Mission st.. 1 o'clock p. m.
CARPENTER shop for Bale or partner wanted;
old established. Address box 978, Call office.
RESTAURANT, cheap: 410 Kearny st; other
business; must sell; make offer. £• \u25a0
SALOON for sale; opposite- the ferry. Ill East
St., north of Market.
WANTED— Good butcher to rent an old estab.
paying shop. Cor. Geary and Devlsadero.
LODGISG-HOl'SES FOR SALE.
H C DECKER'S OFFICE, 1020 Market St., Is
I... '.HEADQUARTERS FOR BARGAINS
IN LODGING HOUSES
HOTELS, FLATS
AND PRIVATE HOMES
FROM $125 to $20,000
GET LIST FROM OFFICE
8 rooms; on Mission $275
9 rooms; fine corner 'i 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms; boarding 4500
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms; apartment house 4200
7-room flat on McAllister 225
MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 rooms; fine yard 350
10-room house; fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900 1
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 730
8 rooms; fiat; near City Hall 350
18 rooms; on Sixth st; clears $80 800
24 rooms; on Market st; clears $150 1600
10 rooms-; on Mason st.; new 750
82 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
i A — 26-ROOM house; center of city; clears over
$100 per month; worth $2500; price $1400. For
sale only by H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
TO sell your house, store, saloon, business
place, city or country real estate quickly for
cash list it with H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market.
ATTENTION, BUYERS! ~ ~" ~ ~~~~~
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES
Any of the following on monthly payments:
40-room boarding-house; clears $200 $3000
60 rooms; corner; best in city 5000
35 rooms; very good: only 1000
WE LEAD THEM ALL.
20 rooms; par excellence $2500
85-room w orkingman's house; cheap rent. 2000
6-room flat; all rented 225
42 rooms; grand halls; fine Income 2600
J4 rooms; transient: clears $125 ." 600
20 rooms; fine furniture; see this bargain.
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments.... 1004
60 rooms; rent $100, clears $250 3500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
70 rooms; modern: clears $250 ~ 400C
12 rooms; Turk St.; all rented 32s
CALL, WE CAN SUIT YOU.
11 rooms; desirable location 450
24 rooms; Geary st. ; payments 1900
15 rooms; Sutter St.; central 450
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Mrkt., cor. Ellis, r. 12.
A— 83 ROOMS; clears $250; rent only $65; $2000;
payments. RETSLOFF, 906 Market st.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
850 Market- St.. .Tel. Davis 281
Rooming houses and hotels; all sizes, all
prices and all locations; list yours with us if
you want to sell.
Houses sold on easy payments; money
loaned at lowest rates; vacant houses furn-
ished. Call and see our BIG list of BIG
bargains. It's too BIG too publish:
C rooms; elegantly furn.; flat $700
8 rooms; furniture and carpets; 1st class. 650
15 rooms; fine location; new; clean... 1500
16 rooms; full; everything good; snap 1600
7 rooms; new and finely furn.; flat 750
9 rooms; right downtown 900
9 rooms; cheap rent, including piano. ...1250
20 rooms; elegantly furn.: a snap 2500
43 rooms; full; choice; bargain 4300
17 rooms; north of Market; snap 1200
12 rooms; boarding; best location... 1200
AVE WILL MAKE LIBERAL LOANS ON
ANY OF THE ABOVE AT LOWEST
RATES.
WANTED— Lady with small amount capital to
manage good-paying lodging-house. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO., 850 Market St.
ELEGANT newly furnished 6-room flat; fine
location; low rent; $200 cash. DONALD 1N-
VESTMENT CO., 850 Market st. /
A CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st. and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328. •
See our list of bargains.
75 r.. rent $175. fine investment $5500
44 r.. rent $120. inc. $300, apart, house.. $3000
28 r., sunny bay window cor., reduced... 2100
24 r., rent $S0, clears $75, trans., 3d st...."1150
22 r., rent $37, housekeeping. Third st 350
19 r., rent $75, clears $70, down town.... 1200
• 10 r., rent $45, clears $40. good fur. carp... 600
7 r.. rent $32 50, near Ellis 425
.Flats, 3 to 14 rooms, $150 to $1000......
Private residences. 7 to 28 r., $250 to $3000.
HEALY & HENDERSON. ~
_ . , , ',_ 6 Eddy st, 18-19.
We don t keep good houses, • , .
. We sell them. See these:
130 rooms; electric lights $15 000
7-room flat; McAllister Et 250
- 9-room flat, new; rent $45 750
10 rooms; G. G.; new ....' 550
28 rooms; downtown; elegant 2500
HEALY & HENDERSON.
• Eddy St., 18 and Phone James 2771.THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1901.
11
P_RSOXA_S~Continqea. '•_____
HAIR.* birth marks, moles,' removed forever
without pain or scar with electricity by
MISS GRUBER, the cosmetic artist, 3593
Eighteenth st.. corner Guerrero.
McCABK's Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business. Emma Spreckels
bldg., rooms 323-324, S. F. ; tel. South 381.
AT cash prices; ladies' \u2666"lior-made suits, coats.
silk waists, trimmed hatf, skirts, etc. ; weekly
" payments.- C F. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth "Bt.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B ; RAY, 4S7 Minna st.
RHEUMATISM cured under guarantee. Call or
write Doctor. 504 Parrott bldg.. San Francisco..
MASSAGE, hydro-electro therapeutics or hyp-
notism exchanged for vocal lessons. 930, Call.
WANTED— Old sealskins; will pay cash. Box
1154. Call office. ' \u25a0 - " •
A — If your hair is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.G.S.Moore, 332 O'Farrell: send for circular.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission street; phone Folsom 252S. "*»
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do It; all druggists; phone Pine 2388.
MASQUERADE costumes. . play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN&CO.,7_ Market.
600 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAU3 & CO.. tailors. US Kearny st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dres3 pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothtngr Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
ASPHALTUM paint— Fix your own roofs; 60c
per gallon. Ill Van Ness ave.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON, 1U9 Batter st.
OBESITY cured ;no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VIDA CO., 7S« Valencia st., bet. ISth & l»th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the beat
corn cure; 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to its natural color; %l; at all druggists.
OLD g-old, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Marketst.
, PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing, .Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND~SURGEONST
DrTc. C. O p r>ONNELL-Ofn7e"and~reEideneei
- 102114 Market St., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, . successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; see
testimonials at office, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
7*4-766 Clay st : see testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SA_S.
easton; E^i—DmDGE^Tcar^"^ \u25a0- <
638 MARKET STREET.
AUCTION!
AUCTION!
A U C T I O N ! ' #
TUESDAY October 15, 1901
At 12 O'clock Noon.
\u25a0 At Our Salesroom. No. 638 Market Street.
VALLEJO ST. IMPROVED PROPERTY.
North side (Nos. 1220-1222) Vallejo St., 162:6
feet east of Hyde; a two-story house of 7 rooms
snd bath. 2 fiats of 5 rooms and bath each and
a rear housa, 5 rooms; all In first-class condi-
tion; modern, sanitary plumbing, tiled mantels
and sink9, etc.; magnificent view of the city
and Golden Gate; rents $71 per month; lot 43:9s.
137:6 feet; street bltuminized; cement walk.
SOUTH OF MARKET INVESTMENT. .
West side (Nos. 124 to 126^) Hawthorne st.,
137:6 feet south of Folsom: three fine well-built
flats of 5, 6, 4 rooms and bath: this property
being centrally located is always rented; rents
pii per month; lot 24:9x112:6 feet.
ELEGANT SITE FOR FLATS.
North side of 23d st., 92 feet east of Guerrero;
two fine large building lots in the heart of the
famous MISSION "WARM BELT; modern flats
built on these lots would rent for ?37 50 per
month each; level and ready for building; street
bitumlntzed, cement sidewalk; lot 58x114 feet.
HANDSOME WESTERN ADDITION RESI-
DENCE.
Northeast corner (No. 100) South Broderick
and Hth sts.; modern residence of '7 rooms and
bath and basement; well built; magnificent pan-
oramic view of San Francisco and bay shore
cities; lot 26:3xSS:3 feet.
„ MISSION HOME.
West side (No. 38) Norfolk st., 180:6 feeMouth
of Folsom; a fine two-story house of 6 rooms;
In good condition; lot 22:6x63 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE— ON TERMS.
South side (No. SSI) Jersey St.. S5 feet east of
Castro; Dretty. well built modern home Of 8
! rooms and bath; only half block from Castro-
st. cars; TERMS 1-5 CASH; lot S5xll4.
PAGE-ST. RESIDENCE.
?»orth sl<3a (924) Pare st.. 106:3 feet east Devis-
adero; large, well-built modern residence, 8
rooms and bath; In fine condition; a line key lot-
on the sunny side of street; lot 25x137 :S.
WESTERN ADDITION COTTAGE.
South side (No. 1735) McAllister St., 162:6 feet
west of Broderick: a cozy, modern, up-to-date
cottage. 5 rooms and bath; only 4 years old;
cost $2500 to build; street bituminized; large
lot. 43:»xl27:6 feet.
MODERN WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South side (Nos. 2819-2S21) Golden Gate ave.,
230 feet east of 1st ave. ; two modern, well-built
nats of 5 rooms and bath each; porcelain bath;
tiled mantels; every modern convenience; rents
$o0 per month; lot 25x137:6 feet.
BUCHANAN-ST. BUILDING LOTS.
Southwest corner Buchanan and Greenwich
sts.; five elegant building lots, level and ready
for building; this portion of the city has devel-
oped wonderfully in the last year and this
property Is assured an elegant future.
RICHMOND BUILDING LOT. "
South side of California ex., 96:4 feet east of
17th ave.; a fine large level lot ready' for build-
ing; street sewered; lot 40x96:1 feet.
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
63S Market st.
DAVIDfcON & LEIGH. •
Successors to O. Llvermore.
Established 1874,
HAVE REMOVED TO
219 Montgomery St.,
Orp. Mills Building. ';. . '
/ . t
" •
» -
! 1 '
.A— DWELLING or flats, wanted to purchase
for the income; location In the Mission or
Western Addition; property must be in good
condition; an Immediate buyer. W. J. GUNN,
530 California st. -
MODERN built residence, wanted to purchase; 1
in the Western Addition. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st.
WANTED— To purchase a property on Valencia,
Mission or Howard sts. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st.
LOTS— Wanted to purchase north of the Park
if they are cheap for immediate buyers. W.
1 J. GUNN. 530 California st.
$4560— A LOVELY chance for a home and
business; lot 23x100; building. 2 stories, 25x70;
saloon and barber shop; all fixtures go; 6 liv-
ing rooms. F. J. DECK. 927 Market St.,
room 208.
FOR bargains in timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lot*, farms, all through the State,
also large list of desirable city sites, see
The Fhelps-Lewis Co.. .702 Market st.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near corner Waller and Steiner.
GEO. H. MOORE. «3Portola st.
$30eo—NEARLY new- cottage of 4 rooms; laun-
dry tubs; 1 of 2 rooms; stable; lot 50x150. Call
after 2 p. m.. 462 Douglass St., near 21st.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath; 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
REAR ESTATE-~CjOUNTR.Y---For ; Sale
SANTA Clara Valley— Rich, fertile land; depot
on the ranch; famous orchard and vineyard
soil; great live oaks; reduced to $100 an acre;
: $14 14 monthly will buy 10 acres on new coast
; road; a colony of good people farming; some
good bargains in small homes and choice
orchards near San Jose; don't let this go by;
' call or write. WOOSTER. WHITTON &
MONTGOMERY. 634 Market St., and San Jose.
SAN Mateo— A snap at Redwood City adjoin-
ing town; large oaks; fertile land; one-
third price; 20 acres or more; call or write.
WOOSTER, WHITTON & MONTGOMERY,
634 Market st., or San Jose. • . -
CONTRA Costa County— 145 acres; good farm,-,
ing land; orchard;- vineyard; fair improve-
ments; plenty of. spring water; only $4000. . -
BELMONT— Good improvements; ideal
summer home; $2205. WOOSTER. WHIT-
TON & MONTGOMERY, 634 Market St.
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Ranchot
Cotati. Bonoma Co. ; future value assured, as
San Francisco Is growing \u25a0 rapidly ; location
1 best for poultry and general- farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co., 302 California St., for pam-
! pblets and Information.
: FOR • bargains :n timber land, fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State;
also targe list of desirable city sites. \u25a0 See
The Phelps Lewis -Co., 702 Market st.
A— IF you want to buy, sell -or exchange city
or country property call on MARION GRIF-
FIN. 719 Mrket St.. 8. F., office near Call big.
1200 ACRES In the foothills; fences; 4 barn's*,
substantial residence: 30 acres in fruit. GEO.
. \u25a0 W, GIBBS & CO.; 35. and 37 Fremont, St.:
U. S. HOMESTEAD lands free. Ad. with stamp
. or call 6 to 7 p. m.' at 1563 7th. st., Oakland.
MONEY TO LOAX.
aa-manhatTa^Tloan"compXny! r
JSOO.COO at 5 per cent In sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town ana country property; second
mortgages, lift Insurance _ securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
rear estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 50^4. MAN-
HATTAN LOASf CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
ANT AMOUNX AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided Interest In real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCQLGAN
24 Montgomery st., room 3 \u25a0
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile interests, corporation loans. Room 16,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEX.
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
55.000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty Is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. «C3 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition; any amount; 6 per cent, on
i mortgages, estates, undivided interests; chat-
tel mortgage*, etc. D. J. HALLORAN.
Adams building:. 206 Kearny St.. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established i$65 proper
place to borrow money on diamonds, jewelry,
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave,, near ilarkft St.; teL Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 846 Market
St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third, st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st,; phone Red 1CC3.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd- mortgages and -on fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co... 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
; annum. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st, room 68.
LOANS on piano*, furniture without. removal,
• libraries, goods in warehouse, etc. ; any amt. ;
lowest rates; prlv. Ormsby, 26 Montg.. office 7.
ON SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
Bltions. S. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan b.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal; Ueal
direct. H. L. WHITEHEAD, 1706 Market St.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
lty. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal;
strictly private. LICK, 116 McAlltster st.
ONE per cent on furniture: ?5 a month on each
$1000; any security. 302 Montgomery Bt., r. 1.
IF you want a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome st.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. 32L Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Lean Co.. t09 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
EVERYBODY is invited" to call and listen to
the wonderful Simplex piano players as ex-
hibited in our warerooms every day. They are
the best and cheapest of all piano players and
the easiest to manipulate. THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market St., Pa-
cific Coast agents.
WE are the only house carryins: the cele-
brated Decker & Son and Baumeister pianos.
Our prices are always low and our terms sat-
isfactory. THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC
CO.. 769 Market st.
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second hand, is the largest
west of Chicago and includes the most re-
; liable maters to choose from. New pianos
1 sold upon easy payments of $6 per month;
I some good pianos for $3. $4 and $5 oer month.
SHERMAN. CLAY _ CO.. Steinway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts., San Fran-
Cisco; corner Broadway and Thirteenth st,
Oakland. ,
i ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
1 Seccnd-hand upright pianos from too Tip.
Second-hand square pianos from $50 up.
Second-hand organs from ?25 up; new up-
right pianos from ?175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. lti to 20 O'Farrell. Chickering, Ma-
son and Hamlin. Vose, Sterling pianos.
ANY piano sold by us taken back any time
within 3 years and full purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
prtc?e; costs you only 29c a day to buy A
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
OTarrell _ St.; established 1850. _^^
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole agents for famous and oldest American
raalros. ineluding- Hallet-Davisf great bar-
gain .list, $50 up; Steinway. J1S5 up; Fischer.
$100; Chickering, ?165; 20 others; rents J2 up;
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary sL
A SMALL Weber upright, $125; elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright, almost new; also Sleek,
oak case: Hardman square, $45; organs. $2u
up. BOWERS _ SON. 13 Fifth St., IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos In storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
"WILSON'S STORAGE, 1706 Market St.
PIANOS— The most modern and up-to-date;
Ste«k. Everett. Conover. Packard. Ludwig.
Hardman and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market st..
S. F. ; (Branch Store, 951 Broadway, Oakland).
ACCOUNT departure, elegant grand, upright
piano for on*-third value; fine carved case;
standard make. 3C09 Sixteenth st.
BEAUTIFUL tone upright piano; handsome
case; a sacrifice account of slcknassl £95
Ellis st.
CARLOAD ?400 pianos sacrificed for $250 each;
gieat bargains. BRUENN, 808 Post st.
WILL pay cash for your old sealskins. Ad-
dress, at once, box 97, Call "Office.
PIANO free; party will give use of piano to
party who will try to sell it. R. 36, 217 Geary.
$25— HERTZ piano: good for practice; Schaffer
upright; nearly new, $99. 217 Geary st.
A PIANO, pianola and music on sale; cost $900;
now $300; party going away. 127 Geary st. •
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. 5T
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SOHMER, Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton,
Spielmann pianos. 308 Post.st.
' $350 PIANO, nearly new. for $225: pianos with
; harp attachment. HAMILTON, 8 Flood bldg;
GOOD second-hand iiDrlght fcr sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister et. \u25a0
LEFT on sale— Antisell large upright. $126;
i Steinway. SI 65. .217 Geary st.. room SS.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister.
I AT KEEFFETS. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shonlnger, Schubert and Steinway bargains.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURT AZ Piano Co.. S60 Hayea.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
TO Lease— 3 sunny lofts or separate, 55x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. 500 Mission st. - •
SPACE 8x20,- suitable for cigar store or barber
shop. Apply 953 Howard st., near Sixth,
FINE corner; fixtures complete grocery, bar.
£390 Seventeenth st.. corner Market. ' •
'\u25a0 OIL. _..—--— —
WANTED— To buy twenty to forty acres, with
producing well, in Kern County. J. B.
KERR, room 7. first floor Mills bldg.
OIL tanks, second-hand. In good order; all
ylzes; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission gt. .
' PALMISTRY. ""J
H. JEROME FOSELLI, scientiflo palmist. 51J
Taylor st., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 661.
PAl.MtHS AM) UliLOUATOKS.
J. C. ROMAINE. 6« oTcTave . ; phonT Polk 1423;
best quality work; lowest prices; get flgttres.
PEjaSoyALS. ~~
INDIAN baskets, Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL. 118 Geary
ft., largest curio stare in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upwards.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der. $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket 6t., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle.' For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia st., S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Htotel, 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
25c to $1 50 per night; $150 to $S per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be .certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov. patterns
and The Designer now re«dy. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market st., near Sixth.
G. LEDEHER'S hair dtessing always the best;
25c all styles; shampooing, E>Oc; good switches,
$1. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st ;
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Broadway.
•ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret ot
continual youth; 60c, postpaid ;\u25a0 free • dembn-
ttration; come and see us. Bon-Ton, 324 Post.
HORSES AND WAGONS — Continued.
*S DOUBLE teams for eale. Apply D. RING,
YnZ Union et.
WANTED—A cheap saddle horse. S25 Sutter st.
ONE second-hand express w^crcm; also one
light business wagon. 137»'Turit St.
CHr.YP— Nr -w pasel body delivery. 1 iiunory, 1
baker's. 1 shoe. 1 grocery wagon. S28 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wafons. buggies, carts, hainpfs,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON, 2117 Mission et.
AN A No. l express v.acon. single: also light i
camping svagon for sate, cheap. S2i Mission. •
DISSECTING sul.j«>ctE wanted. "&. F. V#t.
Co!.. 510 O. G. ar;.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
HOSPITALS.
SinrKTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL, 230 Douglass St.. S. F-
HOISES TO LET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for dr-
cular. G. H. UM3SEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
FOR rsnt— An eipjrar.tly furnished 9-room
house; reasonable: no small children; call
mornings bet. U and 12. 142S Fulton St.
A— SUNNY; 10 rooms, bath. 1523 Bush St..
n.-ar Vpn Neps ave.
UOCSES TO LET — Fl'KMSHED.
A SUNNY cottage. 6 rooms. bath, piano,
chickens, fruit trees; Alameda: ¥> block from
station. A. M. gFECK & CO.. 667 Market.
LOST AXD FOrXO. ~~
LOST or strayed, Sunday morning; email fox
terrier bitch; write: black head divided in
center; nickel collar; red ribbon; liberal re-
ward. 1000 Markel St.; cigar store.
LOST — Small ladies' open-face »rold watch at-
tached to fleur oe Us pin; monogram H. >l.
S. Return to Hotel St. Nicholas office and
receive reward.
LOST — In I/iuvrf la*t evening, opera frlasses
marked "Maud. 1SS6." in case. Finder will
l>lease leave at 431 Parrott building and get
reward.
LOST— In children's play ground. Golden Gate
Park. a. rins containing turquoise and 2 d_-
monds. Return to 1501 Geary st. Reward.
LOST— A pair of gold spectacles on Sunday
afiernoen on Polk st. Return €20 Ellis st. and
Tf.-elve a. liberal reward. MRS. LEAVITT.
LOST— Setter; tag No. 215; name Pluto; re-
ward. 451 Seventh st!
LOST— Shepherd dog; license No. 3GS4. Return
to C20 5V>l£om st. and receive reward.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
n!a Watch Case Co., 510 Eutter st.. needs old
geld and silver to make new watch cases.
MATTSESSES AJS'JL* P1LLUWS.
70 order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; hcaest work guar-
anteed. KOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell St.;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONXELL— All who are tick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
teen relieved by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: ail classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest eases. DR. G.
W". ODONXELL, 1C1S Market et., opp. Fifth.
A— MRS. SWEET, graduate Royal University.
Berlin; 25 years' experience In midwifery
cases; utmost confidence can be placed in her;
takes and treats ladies before and during con-
finement; best care, attention; confinement
$15; board H week; infants adopted. S327 ISth
st. : Mission-st. oars ; consultation free.
THK original MRS. DA VIES, who has been In
business here Jor io years, is EtiSl located at
:„£ Market; maternity home provided; office
hours 10 a. m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
M RS. D. WYETH. reliable ladies' specialist;
private home before and during confinement;
removed from Post to tlO OTarrelr st.
MR?. D. ALLEN, 1118 liarket-Reliab'.e It-
dies" specialist: a prtv. home before and dur-
ing conQneraent; best medical car*; lo<* fees.
H1XDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
n.ethod of treatment; maternity home: home
in confinement. 1126 Market st., S. F.
MHS. 13. KOHL, ladies' specialist, confinement,
removed from Market st. to 410 OTarrell st.
X CONFINEMENT horce for the poor; free of
charge. Address A B C. box 2233. Cailoffice.
MRS. DR.. GOODWIN, the eminent ladies' spe-
cialist, has returned from Kurope; most mod-
ern methods; 25 years' experience in S. F. ;
ruarantees to cure all female trouble; mater-
nity hospital; fee low. 90ti Mtrket St., opp. 4th.
DR. XG TOY KEE. 2!» Stockton Et.. opp.
Union equare; all diseases cured by herbs.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The 'Weekly
• "all. 16 pages, sent to any address Ia the
United Ftctes or Canada one year for $L
:«ita£e paid.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR. SALE.
EOILERS, engines. 23-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 193-137 Fremont st.
BARS, baclt hars. mirrors, reEtaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
E<^cond hand; we always have a large stock of
saloon outfits en hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made: we can ship everything
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN. 1017. 1013, 1021, 1023
Mission, St.. above Sixth: write for catalogue -
VVESTINGHOVSE motors— "We have for sale
the following Westinghouse Type C alternat-
ing current induction motors: 1 20-h. p., .2
l'>-h. p.. 1 7 ! ,2-h. p.. 1 1-h. p. For terms and
particular* apply to BI.'CKIXGHAM &
HECHT. Twer.ty-slxth and Valencia ets., San
Francitco. Cal.
LOT machine shop tools, lathes, planers, ehap-
ers. etc.: also wood-workine tools, each an
band saws, wood planers, shauers. stickers,
mortipere. saw», etc. J. B. JARDINK. 220
Fremont ct.
Sraphonhones. Phonographs, Gramophones. $5 to
t_6; fc&sy terms: children's toy rraphophones.
$1 W; M-hand Phonographs. Gramophones v-ery"
cheap- Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. g&:-255 Spear st.
SECOND-HAND gear case 1901 Cleveland.
Stearns. Rambler, Snell, chainless Spaulding
ar.d cheaper wheels; closing out. 607 Mission.
tVATCHES, jewelry rep. and made; cash pd.
for gold, silver and precious stones. 14 McAl-
lister Et., room 16. W"M. Jil'ND.
iLVOST new sealskin ccat for sale: $95. Apply
NEW MUNICIPAL LOAN OFFICE, 617
Washlnarton Et.
ID-HASD machinery, boilers, pipe, engines and
dynamos bought, sold and exchanged. H. S.
WHITE. £16 Mission gt.
HAND tenoning machine and hand shaper
suitable for carpenter shop; also No. 2
Hooker steam pump. £43 Howard el
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and t scld. KROGH MFG. CO-
S-IT Stevenson st.. rear First.
•lSCI RAMBLERS, Eagles, light Stearns. Snell
and otheis; e»cx>n<J-hand bicycles; cheap; gend
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. S03 Larkin st
FINE euits. J10; dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 457 Montgomery st.
\-$3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 33S Ke_ rny st-, near Pine.
US— DOMESTIC sewing machine: 5 dr.: good
order. Itli Mission St., near Fifteenth.
;aNARY birds at Lobman's. guaranteed; come,
see and buy. 3108 Sixteenth st.
TOR eale — Horse and phaeton for family or doc-
tor. Call morning at drug store, 1C44 Valencia.
•CO.000 HARD old bricks. Old reservoir. Market
et , or apply at C4 Silver et., off Third.
register •'Hallwood); brand new; j;5; re-
duction." H. F. ALLEN, 202 California et.
SIG prices paid for sealskins, ful! dress _ Tux-
«-do suits. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton.
wARGS vault front; also large fireproof safe
cheap. PERIAM & CO., C Main st.
BOATS, launches, ror.-boats carried in stock.
BAKER & HAMILTON.
KWELRY for tale and made to order. T.
rEBSHTAyP. 126 Kearny si, room 23.
S.IAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand ncovingr plc-
tures. BULLARD — BRECK. J31 Post st.
3ASOLINE engines all sizes, new and 2d-hand,
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
£A FES— New and second hend. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO., .417-423 Sacramento st
3AR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sizes.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
EfCGIKBS and boilers: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 129 Beale St.
AIRBANKS' 10-ton hay 6cale; Jeweler** steel-
llned rate, perfect order. ?16 California, st.
BIISCELLAXEOES WANTS.
.V ANTED— A 1100 or 2000 volt single phase al-
ternating dynamo. Address C. W. LANG-
gTOFF. Forest Hill, Ca.1. .
COUNT OLIVET and Kfsv.ick electric
stock wanted for cash. KESWICK. box 1167.
Call ofSee.
/v ANTED— A sn-foot sloop for four months;
§ late price. Box 1IS9. Call office.
\\ ANTED— Second -he nd upright piano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market et.
riLTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical foods. 154 Sth et.; tel. Folsom 2522.
REAL ESTATE— •COUXTRY— -For Sale
lisO^IjipROVED^foothill f ai^2oTXcreTTEi
Dorado County, near R. R. \u25a0 Bos 222. Call. \u25a0
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sals; write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.
REAL ESTATE TO EXCHANGE.
TO exchange— A lot 50x128 in Detroit, Mich., for
san .Francisco ' vacant or improved; will as-
- EUme. B. SHAFFER. .18 HofTave. '\u25a0\u25a0;\u25a0
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS;
ALAMEDA HEAL. ESTATE.'
RARE CHANCE to secure- fine building lots.
- 60 choice lots will be placed on tha market
Monday. October 14; only two blocks from
the station and one .block from the -electric
car line; these lots mu3t be sold before the
1st of November; prices ranging from $100 to
$300 per lot. .' * . '
Large line of fine houses for sale, $1000 to
$10,000. E. D. JUDD CO.. 1424 Park st.
A CHANCE for speculators or contractors:
9.35 acres for sale near Telegraph ave.; nicely
located for subdividing Into lots; only short
distance to sewer: see map; get particulars.
R J MONTGOMERY. 11 Montgomery St., S.
F.\ or A. J. SNYDER & CO., 467 Ninth St.,
Oakland. .. \u25a0 : ".'\u25a0'**\u25a0 v-- •-
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; U, cash. Bank of Ala.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,'
I 16 pages, in wrapper for mailing, $1 per year.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS'
BERKELEY COTJA^--?.^^^'-
S28— NICE furnished cottage,' "; 7 rooms, ' stable,
j etc. Northwest corner Grove and Blake sts.,
Berkeley.. \u25a0 •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BkOADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
JUST commenced; pretty Colonial full two-
story house bf 6 rooms, with open plumbing,
on lot 40 feet front (note the size); more 'land
can be had adjoining if desired; surrounded
by pretty, new stylish houses; plans will be
changed to suit purchaser; situated on Mer-
rlmac or Twenty-eighth st.. between Tele-
graph ave. and Grove st. This Is the choicest
locality in all Oakland for pretty moderate-
priced homes; elevated about two feet above
the street; all street work complete; must be
seen to be appreciated; monthly payments
. can be arranged. See owner on premises or
apply for full uarticulars to . ,' •
.. • GEO. W.AUSTIN & CO.,
100S Broadway. Oakland.
$2350— A VERY neat home In Peralta Heights;
j cottage of 6 rooms 'and 'bath and barn: lot
40x187:6%; 2 years old; 'elegant view of the
lake. See photo at the office of ' - '
GEO. \V. AUSTIN & CO.,
1008 Broadway, Oakland.
FINE modern residence, 14 large rooms; 2 bath-
rooms, servants', basement; hot water fur-
nace; stable for 4 horses; halt a block of mag-
nificent garden; grand view; ideal place for
children or invalid; 40 minutes from S. F.;
45 from Berkeley; no reasonable offer refused;
sold on account of change of residence. Ap-
ply premises, southeast corner Sixth ave. and
Twentieth St.. East Oakland. •. •,
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for jj ,
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
EDDY, 743— Large alcove: also connecting
room; gaa stove; running water; phone. '-\u25a0-..
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two. $12;
three, $14; three, $16; also single. $4. $5 and up.
GOUGH. 4S7— Light furnished rooms, sunny:
gas, bath, single or suites; light housekeeping.
GROVE, 1S0S— Two' large, sunny front rooms,
nicely furnished for light housekeeping.
HYDE, 40S— Sunny front parlor suite and front
sunny alcove. S rooms. t25; large room.. $12.
MINNA, 454 — 2 furnished rear rooms for house-
keeping: reasonable.
POLK 1002— 3. and 6 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
POWELL, TIO— Three very sunny connecting
rooms complete housekeeping; run, water; $18.
TAYLOR, 106-3 nice housekeeping rooms and
•yard. '\u25a0 "\u25a0' --"-> ....-,,...,....;\u25a0 , - ,. - ; --.-
TAYLOR, 103— Changed hands; housekeeping
and other rooms. $2 week up. .-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
TO let— a large furnished rooms; also singly
rooms and housekeeping rooms. 257 Steven-
son St., bet. Third and Fourth.
TO LET— Desirable furnished suite; housekeep-
ing; references required. 847 Golden Gate ave.
VAN NESS ave., 415— Sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping or otherwise.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established . at 1096
Valencia »t. i '
ROOMS TO LET— -Fnm. and Unffnrn.
AROYLE, 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill atached; country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .
AT Shasta House,, 246 Third— tOO rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
AT 123 Mason St., 2 sunny rooms; furnished or
unfurnished. ; "
A NICE sunny suite: also single rooms; neat,
clean and- cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton st.
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.''
CLAY, 1445— One or more rooms; well furnished,
modern flat: desirable locality; private family.
CLAUGHTON, THE, 1111 Sutter St.— .; -. . \u25a0
Bright, clean rooms for quiet gentlemen, $1 73
per week; handsome front suite, moderate.
I CITY HALL ave., 83— Clean, quiet rooms; also
: parlor suite for offices; reasonable.
i CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.-
DEVISADERO, 1705— Sunny neatly furnishe'd
room, $4 per month. , '
i EIGHTH, 126B— Top floor; one furnished room;
] private family; $5. .-"\u25a0 - \u25a0 . \u25a0 ;
ELLIS, 606— Nice sunny rooms; suitable for one
or two gentlemen. - ; : \u25a0 . - . . .'.
EUGENE, 263 O'Farrell— New House, fireproof;
new furniture; electric elevator; 25 private
suites with bath; baths free; first-class.
FOLSOM, 830— Furnished room with stove, $6;
! also single.' $4 per month; eunny. \u25a0
GEARY, 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single ; travelers accommodated.
HARRISON, 7841/4. nr. 4th— Finely furnished
sunny rooms, bath; alt conveniences; horae-
like; $1 weck.up. • '
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
st.. near Market— Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; etrlctly first-class;
. 50c per day and upward ; special rates by the
week or month; best in the. city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk st.
HOWARD. 1018—1 large sunny front room with'
gas," use of kitchen if wanted; also a small
back room; cheap. .. /
HYDE. 133— Sunny, airy rooms; quiet house; en
zauite if desired; $8 to $12.
HYDE, 810— One single and suite of furnished
rooms. \u25a0 '\u25a0•' - • .:-
JONES, 923— Elegant aunny rooms; also beau-
tiful corner suite; clngle rooms. - * \u25a0 \u25a0.-..\u25a0
MARTINET, llOt Geary, one door above Van'
Ness— Suites new , fur. ; single rooms, $10 up.
MINNA, 667, coiner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per . week; transient, g
MISSION, : 925^4— Nicely furnished sunny, bay-
• window front rooms; gas; grate; lower flat.
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market st.
NICELY furnished room with private bath
attached; rent' $25." Apply 922 Ellis st. .
NORFOLK, 34—5 rooms" for $10. .. •
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elee. lights; day, week, mcy
O'FARRELL, 554^Ne»tly furnished sunny suite
and. single room; gentlemen only. - _ y
ROYAL House, 126 EUiSr-Incandescent '_\u25a0 light:
I reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; we«k, $2 to
$8; month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with v -' and cold water; baths. .
SHERMAN Apartment : House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market — Furnished or unfurnished, i \u25a0
SIXTH, 523— Newly . furnished sunny rooms in
private family." \u25a0 ' : /:y- ' :'\u25a0'\u25a0.' -\u25a0" \u25a0 '. . '..
TURK. 1218— Two furnished bedrooms, $10-' and
$7 SO; . either room : suitable for two. - - ; ..-. '\u25a0
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions' has \u25a0 been established- at 1095
- Valencia. st. : ~'\ •• ; •> . . • •. : -
ROOMS ;AJfD BOARD. / .
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly r«tgh class; most
• elegantly furnished ; reasonable 5n price:
suites and single rooms; board cplJonal. . 420
Eddy at.; near Leavenworth. '
THE CECILERNE, 930 Van Ness ave.
SUNNY rooms and board in nice home In Oak-
.land; 30 minutes from city; telephone; use
piano and bath; references exchanged. \ Ad-
dress 918 Adeline st., Oakland. ' •
JONES.' 921, between Bush . and Pine— Newly
furnished suite or single room with nrst-
clasa board, to couple or gentlemen; refer'ces,
NICE, sunny corner, alcove room : hot and cold
• water; good board. - 936 Valencia st.
HOTEL Las Palmas. 1820 Marfeet— Suite 2 or 3
. rooms, bath; board optional; single roomB.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
O'FARRELL, 605 (Johnson' House)— Exception-
ally fur. suites; beautiful grnds; table board.
CALIFORNIA, SO" (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table; attractive rms.
. -, ROOMS WANTED.
IN Western Addition. 3 or 4 partly furnished
' rooms are wanted by quiet couple who like
gun and dislike noise. P. A. E.. box 942. Call
TWO.br 3 furnished rooms; lUrht housekeeping;
lady and daughter; north of Sutter st Box
552. Call. _v _r -.
WANTED— 3 unfurnished rooms suitable for
housekeeping. Box 1174. Call office.
RUPTURE SAXITARIUM. _.^
HUNTER'S^ RUPTURE SANITARIUM, 1200
Market; treatment free; $100 paid for any truss
as good as our new double lever rupture holder.
: . SPECIAL" NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejectedfor $4; collections made;
6 city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
TYPEWRITERS 'AND SUPPLIES./
GREAT BARGAINS~Tn~TYPEWRITERS— We
eell -better machines for less money than any
house in the city; rentals, %Z. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors: estimate free. 209 Sansome.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought.' sold' and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr.- 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-'
pairing; lowest rates. , Tel. Black 1124. 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. 143 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
of flee Post and Powell ata.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mls-
sion St.; tel. Howard Ml. F. W. ZEHFX7SS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st. : phone Jackson 231.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co.. 722 Mission. St.;
tel. Main 1810;, shipping at cut rates.
/IHSSOLUTlOiY OF FART.NERSHIP.
DISSOLUTION OF COPARTNERSHIP— San
Francisco,- Oct. 10. »1301 — Know all men by
these presents, that the. firm of A. W. PIKE
& CO., hitherto and now composed of A. W.
PIKE and CHAS. H. WOOD, is hereby dis.
solved. The said CHAS. H. WOOD hereby
\u25a0 assumes all tha obligations of the late firm
and takes over all of the assets and from this
time on will continue said business under, the
former firm name of A. W. PIKE & CO.
Witness our hands and seals tha day and
year first above written. ' •• • •»
\u25a0 ' • A. W. PIKE.
' ' CHAS. H. WOOD.
I . DIVIDEXD NOTICES. ~ ~
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 96 (twelve
and one half cents per share) of the Hutchln-
. son Sugar Plantation Co.,- will be payable at
the office of the company, 327 Market St., on
and after Monday, 'October 21. 1901. Transfer
books close Monday. October 14, 1301, at 3
\u25a0 o'clock p. m. H. W. THOMAS, Secretary.
OFFICE Of the Contra Costa Water Company,
g room 16, second floor, Mills bldg., San Fran-
N Cisco, October 8, 1901— Dividend No. 133 of 42
; cents per share on the capital stock of the
Contra Costa Water. Company will be pay-
\u25a0 able at the office of said company, room 16,
second fltfor, Mills- bldg;.; on October 15.
1901. Transfer books will close on October
10/ 1301, at 3 p;"m. > - - \u25a0 '
EDWARD McGARY. Secretary.
ABIRTHS-JAlIAGES-DEATBa
Birth, marriage and death notices sent ' by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sonal authorized to have, the same published.
BORN.
ROBERTSON— In this city, to the wife of E.
Robertson, a son. : \u25a0 .
ROBINSON— In this city, October 13, 1901, to
thtf wife of S. J. Robinson, a son. . -' •
__ __________
Altschul, Ludwig Krukau, Nicholas J.
Anderson, Capt.P. A. McCIane, Mathilda J'
Briyholi, John . McGUlen. Theresa t
Buckley, Cornelius . Mallon, Catherine .
Cameron, J. H'. \u25a0 . Murphy, Mary
Citron. Amalia • ' Neumann, Augusta
Connelly. Frank O'Connor, Patrick
Davis. Minnie Peaeock, Lewis P.
Descalso, Luca \u25a0 Pierce, Mary R.
Donahue, Bridzet Piquerez, Mary -v
Klmquist, John ~M. Raggio, David A.
• Frost, Julia A. Rice, Georse W.
Gorman, Ann- .\u25a0 Richardson. William
Gouee, J. H. » Skinner. Nathan B.
Hammond, Joseph H. Thall, Mark M. ;
Harkins, James Vidaver. Rosie
Jacobs, Mary K. - : Zuern, Mathilde .
Jones. Susan E.
ALTSCHUL— In thi« city,- October 12, 1901,
\u25a0 Ludwlg. Altschul, a native of .Austria, aged
67 years 6 months and 15 day». v • : \u25a0
(CTThe \u25a0 funeral services will be held to-
morrow (Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of Mr. . Louis Falkenau. 2810 Clay
street, and thence to I. O. O. F. Crematory. :
ANDERSON— In this city. October 12, 1901,
Captain Peter A., beloved husband of, Hilda
Anderson, father of A. C. Anderson. Mrs.
I. L. Peterson \u25a0 and Mrs. F. Ttlton. and
grandfather of Mrs. H. Aldis and W. J.
Bevan, a native ot' Kalmar, Sweden, aged 73
years 5 months and 11 days.
EKFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the> California Undertaking Company. 406
Powell street, near Post. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery. -
BRIGNOLI— In this city, October 12, 1301.
John, dearly beloved son of the late Antonio
- and Annfe Brlenoli, stepson of Katie Brig-
noil, brother of Thomas, sTheresa and Katie
Brisnoli. and- nephew of William Paganini,
a native of San Francisco, aged 10 years 3
months and 12 days.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are' respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his uncle. William Paganini, 2702 Mission
\u25a0 street, near Twenty-third. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. •• / . •.
BUCKLEY— At Hot Swings. Ark., October 5,
1801, • Cornelius, beloved brother of James
\u25a0 Buckley and Sister Ann Josephine of Notre
Dama College, Marysvllle, a nativa of Ag-
hina, County' Cork. .Ireland. . • - - ' .
C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited • to attend \u25a0 the. funeral to-day
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street,
nhence to St. Patrick's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem high mass wltl be celebrated for
' the renose of his soul,, commencing at . 9
o'clock. Interment' Holy. Cross Cemetery.
CAMERON— In. this! city. Wednesday, October
9, 1W1. J. HJ Cameron, a native of j San
Francisco, aged Hi years. - ;
"OLD' FRTENDS.".-»Meinbers of the funeral
committee of the society are requested to at-
' HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to FUnnagan & Gallagher.)
DANIEL P.. DONOVAN". Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
• • \u25a0 to Fifth st. r opposite Lincoln School.
\u25a0\u25a0\ .'Telephone; South 80. \ \u25a0 , .' ' \ \u25a0
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
\u25a0\u25a0•'-. . San Mateo County.
OFFICE 916' MARKET STREET.
J. HENDERSON. Manager.
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. T
i ' 6amual McFadden. 18 year* manager far
the United Undertakers' Association; M. j,
McBrearty,- with . the same company for lfl
years; P. F. Green, lata with J. C. O'Connor
& Co.. hav« opened new Funeral Parlor* at
1171 Mission ; street, . between Seventh \u25a0 and
Eighth. 7Tdej>jK>n» South 4A. , - • - '
The Odd fellows' Cemetery Association
. Point Lobos ave.. S.F., CaL
Tha •- ordinance prohibiting " burials in ; San
Francisco after the first day of August, • 1901,
does not refer to CREMATION. -Neither doea
it affect tha COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing • less harmful ' to tha living than the
ashes of thelrrdead. " ' •»-••.- \u25a0••• /. • . :." •. - -
. Permits- to - cremate ; will be issued by the
Board . of Health the same as heretofore.
-. . .GEORGE R.- FLETCHER. Manager, ".
OCEAN TRAVEL.
- <J r^_ > -i_i-i_.-i_^i_^i,i- _,— -_ ru-i_i-i.r-i_rTun-ru-Lr — .— - _ -|_T>- ' LJ~LT*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave Broadway
aSL^ Wharf, San Francisco:
$K&3!*9£. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m..
i iaIiSP®»«ifc. Oct. 3, 8. 13. 18. 83. 2S. Nov. 2.
i E^ eS5*li?2l Change to company's steamers
' K«Mi!4^Ra ** Seattle.
1 fpgjX'SJggaf For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
• f^^PflsH C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
iiiO\ Tacoma. Everett and New
"'• Whatcom CWaah.y— 11 *• m..
Oct. 3. S. 13. 18. 23. 28. Nor. 3.
"Hiange at Seattle for this com-
pany '• eteamers'for Alaska and G. N. Ry.: at
&*• or T°ccma for N. P. Ry.: at Vancouver
Ko- Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— I'M p. m.. Oct.
4, 9. 14. 19, 24. 29. Nov. 3.
For San Dieso. stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Pert Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Aa-
celes)— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, ealling at San Simeon. C*y-
ucoa. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo>. Gavtota.
Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme and Redoa-
do-Steamer Corona, Thursdays. 11 a. m.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa. Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.i — 10 a. m.. Tth each, month.
For further Information obtain company**
'folders.
Tha company reserves the right to Chans*
steamers, •sailing day» and hours of sailing
-without previous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
j* GOODALU PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market st., San Franelaco.
O. R. & N. CO,
Only Steamship Line to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line: from Portland to ajl
points East. Through tickets to all
Doints, all rail or steamsMrt and rail, at
XiOVtTEEST B_a.T3BS.
STEAKER TICKET3 ISCLuDE B2 RTH tad SEALS.
SS COLUMBIA Sails.. Oct. 15. 25, Nov. 4. 14, M
SS' GEO. W.. ELDER
.'. Sails Oct. 3). 30. Nov. 9, 19. »
P.'W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt..l Montgm'y. S. F.
TOYO KISEN KAISflA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, callinjr at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers tor
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing.
S3. AMERICA MARU
Wednesday, October 23, 1301
SS. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday, November 1$. 1901
SS. NIPPON MARU
"Wednesday, December 11, 1301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's offlcs,
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
Of TOOK. BOUTHAKPTOff. L0NS09. FABISL
• Stopping at Cherbourg, -westbound.
From New York Wednesdays at 10 a. m.
Phfladelphia ....Oct. 23 Philadelphia ...Nov. 1$
St. Paul Oct. 30 St. Paul ...Nov. 20
Friesland .. N6V. 6 Haverford Nov. 27
RED STAR. LINE. »
Naw York and Antwerp.
From New York Wednesdays at 12 noon.
Kensington .Oct. SSjSouthwark -Nov. 13
•Zeeland Oct. 30 *Vaderland Nov. 9>
Ftiesland Nov. 6\ Haverford Nov. 27
•Stopping at Cherbourg eaatboand.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. '
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery at.
I5££q!11C5.5Xu5 zvmm™s.xqkx.
_ direct iwe re T«mt
5. S. SONOMA, for Honolulu, Samoa. Anek-
land and Sydney. .Thursday. Oct. 21, 10 a. m.
S S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
' : Oct. J*. 10 a. ml
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
j ...'. Saturday. Nov. 2. a p. m.
i, O.SPiitCXELS & B30S. CO., Ssnurai Sganls, 327 i&ta SI
Sen"! Passenger Dice, 643 Rartot St., Per Ho, ?. HikV.
COSPAGNIH GESE3AL3 TSAN3ATLANTI3CS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. *^w
tailing every Thursday, instead of <Pjf£TJh
Uauiraay. at 10 a. m., tram pier 43. \u25a0 gw'gltt
North River, foot of Morten street; •L'Aqui-
t&iae. Sestember IS; La. Bxetagne. Saptcmlyie
16; La Champagne. October S; *l* Savola. O*»
tober lfc
First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre, $45 and upward. GENERAL
, AGENCT FOB UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson bulldUwO. Naw
York? J. F- FUOAZI A CO.. Pacifio Coaat
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Franciscan
' Tickets sold by an Railroad Ticket Agentv
i 'Twin Ecraw Express Steamers. -
i ' " \u25a0\u25a0 : i \u25a0• \u25a0\u25a0•
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And Cia Sud Americana tie Vapores
To Valparaiso, stepping at Mexican, Central
; and South American sorts. Sailing from How-
ard 3 V Pier 10. 12 m.
AREQUIPA Oct. 17IPERL* Nov. 9
"LOA" ..........Oct. 26|PALEXA NOV. 23
These steamers are built expressly for C«n-
tra.1 and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Aeapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 318 California street
: BALFOgR. GUTHRIS & CO.. G«n. Agants.
PANAMA 4 R.Sr
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST,
Cabin. H03: Steerage. |tt; M«als Tree.
S. S.Hyades sails Saturday. Oct. 1*2
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Oct. 19
S. S. Leel-iaaw sails Monday. Oct. 28
From Howard-street "Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 32a llarkat si..
F. F. CONNOR. Paciflc Coast Agent.
BAY AND KIVEB STEA3LEBS.
I FOR U. S. HAVY YAR3 AHD VALlEJiJ
Stamen GEN. FRISBIS or HONTICELLO
\u25a0 9:45 a." m- 3:15 and S:30 p. as., except Sufday.
Sunday. 9:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves Valla}*
t a. m.. 12:30 noon. * • P- m.. except Sunday.
: Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:13 p, m. . Fara 50 cents.
Telephone Main 1503. Landing and olflce. put
J. Mission-**- dock. HATCH BROS.
THE WEEKLY GALE
AUCTION SALES
£* fes Jfefc
I will sell at Public Auction at 1140 Folsom.
TUESDAY. Oct. 13. 11 a. m.. 15 Horses.
Buggies, Wagons. Surreys, Harness. Robes.
This Dronerty belonss to an estate and must
be sold.
j tend the last .obsequies of. our late brother,
.and Old Friend. John Hurtle Gouge Came-
ron, to-day (Monday),- at. 10 o'clock,, from ;
Charles J. B.Metzler's undertaking parlors,
636 -Washington street. 1 By order - "
, \u25a0 JUDGE CHAS. T. CONLAN, President.
J. E. SLINKEY. Secretary, j
CITRON-In this city, October, 12, 1901, Ama-
/ Ha Citron, daughter of Mrs. R. Citron and
the late M. L. Citron, a native of California.
EyFuneral services will be held to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, at the residence
\u25a0- of her mother, 1307 Masonic avenue. Funeral
and interment . Drtvate. -, -
CONNELLY— In this city, October 12. 1901.
Frank, beloved son of John and the late
Annie Connelly, and brother of John H. Con-
nelly and Mrs. Joseph O'Brien, a native of
San, Francisco, aged 29 years 5 months and
7 days. - » . -\u25a0 -\u25a0
(C?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
„ (Monday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, S2 Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church for services at 10:30 o'clock.
Interment - Holy Cross Cemetery.
DAVIS— In Alameda, October 13, 1901, Minnie
Davis, beloved daughter of William Davis,
and sister of Mrs. Herbert Hamma and
! Lena, Will. Lillian and Walter Davis, a na-
tive o* California, aged 18 years.
[CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the
residence, 154S Pacific avenue.
DESCALSO— In this city. October 11. 1901.
Luca, beloved husband of the late Mary Des-
calso, and loving father of Luke M. and
James R. Deacalso and Mrs. T. Bolster and
the late Peter C. Descalso, a native of Ge-
! noa, Italy, aged 77 years 9 months and 1 day.
IC?"The funeral will take place -to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1D22 Howard street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, Eighteenth and
Shotwell streetn, where a solemn requiem
hiffh mass -will be- celebrated for the* repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DONAHUE— In this city, October 12, 1901,
Bridget Donahue, dearly beloved aunt of
: Mary A. Riley, and sister of the late Mar-
garet Riley, a native of County Cavan. Ire-
land.
IE? The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
. dence, 1325 Pine street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral,- Van Neaa avenue, where &.- re-
' quiem high mass will be - celebrated for the
repose of her soul, commencing; at 9 o'clock.
Interment private. '
ELMQUIST— In this city, October 12. 1901.
\u25a0 £? hn M - Elmqutst. a. native of Sweden, aged
78 years 8 months and 9 days. A member of
Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O. O. F,,
and Scandinavian Society.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, corner of Market and Seventh streets,
where funeral services will be held under the
; auspices of Yerba Buena Lodge No. 15, I. O.
O. F. Internnent Laurel Hill Cemetery. Re-
mains at the. parlors of H. "P. Petersen &
Co., 22S McAllister street.
FROST— In this c*ity. October 13, 1901, Julia
A., beloved wife of Dr. James Frost, a na-
tive of Albany, N. Y., aged 63 years and 14
days. .-,-
It-?- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2324 Mission street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a high requiem mass
will be celebrated, at ft o'clock..- Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery by carriase. Please
omit flowers.
GORMAN— In this city, October 12, 1901 Ann.
wife of Patrick Gorman, and beloved mother
of Daniel Gorman, end sister bf Mrs. M.
O'Dea and Mrs. Mary Corbett. and aunt of
\u25a0 Annie, Thomas, Joseph, Michael and Mar-
garet Sheedy, a native of Miltown Malbay,
County Clare, Ireland, aged 55 years. (New
Haven. Conn., paners please copy.)
C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from- the residence
of her sister, Mrs. M. O'Dea, 1126 Folsom
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church, where
a renuiem high mass will be celebrated for
the renose of her soul, at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GOUGE— In this city, October 9, 1801, J. H.
Gouge, beloved brother of F. P. Goufce of
Nanalmo. B. C.. a native of San Francisco.
Cal., aged 36 years.
CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10 o'clock, from Charles J. B.
Met2ler's undertaking parlors, 639 Washing-
ton street.
HAMMOND— In this city. October 12. 1901. Jo-
seph H., husband of Laura S. Hammond.
• and father of Etta E. Hammond and Mrs.
Laura H. Price, a native of Portland, Maine,
aged 62 years 1 montfi and 1 day.
tC^Frlends and acquaintances arc respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2732 Howard "street, between Twenty-
third and Twenty-fourth. Interment private.
HARKINS— In this city, October 13, 1901. at
>the Potrero. James, beloved husband of Mar-
garet Harktns, and father of James, Robert.
Albert and Masrzie Harkins and the late
George and Willie J. Harkins, a native of
Ireland, aged 55 years.
JACOBS— In this city, October 12, 1901, Mary
E. Jacobs, dearly beloved wife of Elbe Ja-
cobs, loving- mother of Mary E. Jacobs, an-1
sister of Henry J. Tweedy, a native of Sa-
lem, Mass.. aged 42 years 7 months and 12
days:
C3 1 " Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Valente,' Marini & Co., 1524 Stock-
ton street, between Union and Green. Inter-
ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KRUKAU— In this city, Nicholas Julius Kru-
kau, beloved husband of the late SaraTi Kru-
kau. and father of William 'J. and Nicholas
J. Krukau, Mrs. L. Hunt and the late Mrs.
W. E. Clifford, a native of Denmark, aged
63 years 9 months and' 25 days. "
Q~7* Friends and- acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(TuesdayJ, at 1:30; o'clock, from Druids' Hall,
413 Sutter street, under the auspices of U. A.
" O. D.. \u25a0 .Templar Grove No. 13. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery. Remains at the
parlors of Craig: & Cochran Company. . /
JONES— In Oakland. October 13, 1901. Susan
Ellen. Infant daughter of L. P. and Chath-
arna Jones, a native of Oakland, a«red S
months. \u25a0 »
McCLANE— In Lorin. October 12. 1901, Ma-
tilda J., daughter of Mrs. Jane McCIane and
the late W. S. McCIane. and sister of M. A.
, MeCIane cf Cali3toga. W. J. McCIane of San
Pablo and Mrs. James Edgar of Lorin, a na-
tive of California. \u25a0 .
(T7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of her sister. Mrs. James Edsrar. 1611
Woolsey street. Lorin. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery.
McGILLEN— In this city, October 13, -1901, The-
resa, beloved wife of the late Patrick Mc-
Gillen, and mother of John, Mary, Robert
and Thomas McGUlen. a native of Ireland,
aged 39 years 3 months and 16 days.
MALLON— In this city. October 12. 1901, Cath-
erine, relict of Owen Mallon, and mother of
Thomas J. and James P. Mallon. a native of
County Meath. Ireland, aged 78 years 6
months and 4 days. ,
C?"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, northwest corner of Twenty-third and
\u25a0 Vermont 3treots, thence to St. Peter's
. Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. ~
MURPHY— At her residence. ,2631 Nineteenth
street, Mary, beloved wife of John D. Mur-
phy, loving mother of Josie and Lizzie Mur-
' phy and John J. London. Mrs. J. P.
Dempsey and Mrs. J. C. Lawrence, and sis-'
ter of Mrs. Elizabeth Broderick and the late
Patrick O' Connor, a native of County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 57 years. ,
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday); at 10 o'clock, from her late resN,
. dence, 2631 Nineteenth street, thence to St.
Charles Borromeo's Church, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her sou), commencing at 10:30 o'clock. In-
terment « Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEUMANN— In this city, October 12. 190L Au-
gusta, beloved wife of the late Rob*rt Neu-
mann, mother . of Gustav Neumann, mothei-
in-law of Kate Neumann, and grandmother
of Freda and Hilda Neumann, a native of
Germany, aged 72 years 3 months and 13
days.
O'CONNOR— In this city, October 13. 1901. Pat-
. riek, dearly, beloved husband of Margaret
O'Connor (nee Lawler), and beloved brother
of Mrs- Julia Healev. Mrs. Elisabeth Brod-
erick and the lata Mrs. John Murphy, a na-
tive of Tralee. County Kerry. • Ireland, aged
«4 years. (Washington. D. C. and Rio
j Vista. Cal., papers please copy.)
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 9:43 o'clock, from his late resi-
: dence, 383 Hals ht street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem high
.; mass will bo celebrated, commenctn* at M
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PEACOCK— In Alameda, October 13. 1901,
- Lewis Palmer, beloved husband ot Mary S.
Peacock, and father of Albert E., James C.
and Edwacd M. Peacock, and brother of
Mrs-. J. F. Brown of Philadelphia, ia native
of Philadelphia, aged 38 years 6 months and
lS.daj's. i" - • . • -\u25a0•' -\u25a0 ;
PIERCE— In this city, October 12, 19QS. Marr
R. Pierce, a native of Massachusetts, aged
81 'years. .• ».
PIQUEREZ— In this City. October 13, 1201, at
St. Mary's Hospital. Mary, beloved wife of
, Gus Plauerea, and • mother of i Madeline
Piquerez, and beloved daughter of Michael
and the late Elizabeth Gannon, and sister of
Thomas. Magsrie, Joseph and, Jeante Gannon
; and Mrs. Lizzie Withers, a native of San
Francisco. :*...;:
RAGGIO— In this city, October K. 1301. David
A. Raesio. dearly beloved husband --of. Ros*
I RagglOv and father of Joseph. - Doaolina, Clo-
rinda and David BagKio Jr.. and brother of
Thomas Raggio of Boston, . Mass.. and Mrs.
' Julius Rasrgio and Mrs. . Antane Cavagnia.ro.
aged 58 yeara 10 months and 13 days. (Chi-
cago, -Boston and Sacramento papers p4eas9
copyO , •
CTFriends and acquaintances < are respect-
, fully tnvftei to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at l:3fr o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 9 St. Charles place, off Kearny street,"
between Broadway and Pacific street. Inter-
ment Cypress Lawn Cemetery- •'\u25a0
RICE— In this city, October 12. 1361. George
W., beloved son of Sarah Rice.' and brother
of W. F..- B.*F..'C' A.. R. B. and M. E.
. Rice and Mrs. M. J. Allen, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 39 years 11 months and 13 days.
' • \u25a0 (ETFricnds and acquaintances are ' respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, \u25a0 from i the mortuary
chapel of the Golden Gate -Undertaking Com-
pany. 2473 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery by car-
riage, v •
RICHARDSON— In this city. October 12. 1901.
William C. beloved son of W. A. and Hattic
. Richardson, and brother of J. D- and F. J-
Richardson, a native of Canada, aged 23
years 2 months and 21 days.
SKINNER— In tills city. October 12. 1901, Na-
than B.. beloved husband of Mary E. Skin-
ner, and father of James E.. Mamie and
Lois Skinner,- a native of Maine, asred 4S
years 11 months and 7 days.
THALL— In this city. October 12. 1901. Mark
Montgomery Thall. beloved father of Ella
Avis and Charles M. Tball. son of Henry H.
and the late Elise Thall, and brother of
Sam and Fred Thall and Mrs. Herrman. a
native of Montgomery. Ala., aged 43 years.
(New York capers . please copy.) ,
IC^The funeral services will take place
- to-mcrrow (Tuesday), at 9:15 o'clock, at 35.J
Geary street, thence to Elks* Hall. !23 Snt-
ter street, where the services will be held,
under the ausj>i-~s of San Frar.cisco Lodge
No. 3. B. P. O. Elks, at 10 o'clock. Remains
can be seen Sunday evening and thereafter
at 2C3 Geary street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets.
VIDAVER— In this city, October 12. 1901. Roeie
Vidaver, baloved daushtcr of the late Joseph
Rosenthal and Rebecca Rosentfcal, mother ot
Mattie and Rubin Vidaver. and sister of S.
M. Gruman. a native of San Francisco, aged
C2 years. (Chicago papers please copy.)
(E3*"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted & Co.. 946 Mission street. Inter-
ment Hills of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets.
ZUERN— In Fruitvale, October 11, 1301. Ma-
thilde, beloved wife of Martin Zuern. and
mother of Rosa. Fred. Ida and Alfred Zuern.
and beloved daughter of Mrs. A. K. and the
late Louis Miller, and sister of Mrs. A.
Johnsen. Mrs. Gus Muller and Emily, Julia
and Fred Miller, a native of San Francisco,
aged 40 years 3 months and 24 days. A mem-
ber of Eintracht Krauen Vereln.
ICyKrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1137 Mission , street, be-
tween Seventh and Eighth. Interment Mount
OUvef Cemetery.-The only way ' to ' f eeS% the , sheep is to,
follow, the shepherd.
High jinks and smoker." "Old Friends,"
to-morrow (Tuesday) night at 14 Third st*
The" banquet to be tendered by the
Toung Men's Institute to General James
F., Smth.. under the auspices of -Pioneer
Council No. 1, will take place at the Cali
fornia Hotel next Tuesday night.
General Smith Banquet.
To be sold by December 31, 1901, at prices
that will astonish all. San Franci»co
House, Market street, between Ninth V£d
Tenth, opposite St.- Nicholas Hote:.
S4O,OOO Worth of Genuine Columbus
. Buggy Company's Vehicles
The Pacific Steam Navigation Com
pany's Arequipa arrived from Valparaiso
fi? * w n y P° rt -s Saturday. She brought up
the following named cabin passengers
and'T'Van'VauKeKh? 1111 '? 11 '' A " Gebbardi
Olympia From the South.
I The members of the .George Washington
Memorial Association met Saturday morn
ingat the residence of Mrs: John F. Mer
rill," corner of Van Ness avenue and Wash
ington street. The event of the meeting
was an address by C. Hart Merriam on
the work being, done for the accomplish
ment of the association's main project, the
erection of a monument at Washington
to the nation's first President. The branch
of^ the association in • this city . has prom
ised to immediately raise $10,000 and an ef
fort will be made to secure contributions
from every city and town in the State.
Memorial for Washington.
Workmen Entertained.
Spartan Lodge of the Ancient Order of
United Workmen gave an entertainment
Saturday night in the Red Men's build
ing to the Saturday night lodges of the
order. There was a large number of
Workmen present, who were treated to
music, songs, rectitations and specialties
by Sam Booth j J. Meyers, P. J. Dwyer
and R. Isenbruck and addresses by
Grand Master Workman Morrison and
Past Grand Masters Hirschberg, Bahrs
and Danforth. ' ,\u25a0
The famous Pennsylvania limited de
parts from Chicago union station every
day at 5:30 p. m. on its twenty-four-hour
run to New York. Special information
regarding the superior transportation fa
cilities offered by the Pennsylvania short
lines can 'be obtained' by addressing A. S.
J. Holt, Pacific Coast Agent, 30 Montgom
ery street, San Francisco. •
. In writing from New York an official of
one of the prominent English railways,
who rode on the Pennsylvania limited,
says: "I had' a most pleasant journey
from Chicago to New York. Your train
far surpasses anything we aspire to in
England."
The Pennsylvania Limited.
' Lieutenant Anderson of the Seventeenth
street police station' is investigating a re
ported robbery which, is claimed to have
taken place at a saloon kept by Mrs. Ke
becca Clinton on Eugenia avenue and
Wool street, Bernal Heights. Terry Fa
g.in alleges that he was robbed In the sa
loon by Peter McGrath and James Ma
loney. The three men named were drink
ing in the place at 1 o'clock Sunday morn
ing. McGrath, Fagan claims, caught him
by the throat while Maloney took $10 out
of his pantaloons pocket. McGrath and
Maloney were arrested and charged with
robbery.
Arrested for. Bobbery.
Resolved; That we express our abhorrence of
the atrocious circumstances under which he
met his death; that we mourn with our coun
try in her profound sorrow; that we condemn
fearlessly the inculcation of principles opposed
to constituted authority and adverse to the
spirit of • our institutions; be It further
Resolved, That we extend the expressions of
our heartfelt 'sympathy to the stricken widow
of our: beloved chief magistrate; that these
resolutions be spread upon the minutes of our
board, -and that a \u25a0 copy of them be published
In -the- Institute Journal and the local press.
! Whereas/ This 'dread calamity" has deprived
our country of, a worthy exemplar of civic and
domestic virtues, of an ideal American citizen
and of a typical President of the republic, and
•Whereas. During his recent visit among us
he, by his lofty devotion to duty, endeared him
self to the people of the Pacific Coast; be it
The representative body of the Young
Men's Institute has adopted the following
resolution:
..Whereas, We, the members of the Board of
Grand Directors of the Young Men's Institute,
Pacific Jurisdiction, in regular meeting, now
assembled for the first time since the tragic
death of our beloved President, • William .-Mc-
Klnley, ,and . - -v
Institute Expresses Sympathy.
From the report that will be presented
by Grand Patriarch R. D. Gummoe of
Grass Valley it will appear that during
the last, year there has been an unusual
growth In that branch not only in mem
bership but in finance.
The annual cantonment >of the- Patri
archs Militant, I. O. O. F., of the depart
ment of California, brigadier general, H.
O. Brower, will go into camp at the same
place at the same time and break camp
on the 19th. There will be dress parade
each day at 5 p. m., a grand street parade
on the morning of the 17th and a military
council. in the evening.- On the 18th there
will be a competitive prize drill and in the
evening a grand military ball.
There will also be lield at the same time
a special session of the California Assem
bly of the Rebekahs.
The next annual Grand Encampment of
the Odd Fellows will ] be held In Fresno
this year, commencing to-day. It is ex
pected that it will be the largest gather
ing of that branch of Odd Fellowship ever
held in this State.
Great Gathering of Odd Fellows and
Kebekahs in Interest of the
i Order.
ENCAMPMENT- WEEK
IN THE CITY OF FRESNO
The first afternoon session will be taken
up with five-minute speeches by local club
presidents and others prominently con
nected with the cause on practical work
for clubs. Mrs. B. Fay Mills will make
the principal address of the afternoon,
her subject being "The New Woman." On
the same evening a reception will be ten
dered the delegates and their friends.
The second morning session will be de
voted to ' the annual election of officers
and the transaction of other business
usual to a convention. On the afternoon
of the second day the convention will be
addressed by Austin Lewis. A. H. Elliott
has also promised to favor the convention
with an address. All sessions will be
open to the public.
The annual convention of the California
Woman Suffrage Association will be held
at Yosemite Hall, Native Sons' building,
Friday and Saturday next. About seven
ty-five delegates will attend the conven
tion. The first morning session will be
devoted. to reports of officers, committees,
county societies and auxiliary clubs.
Annual Gathering of Suffragists Is
to Be Held During the Present
Week.
WOMEN WHO WOULD VOTE
ANNOUNCE CONVENTION
After burying the treasure there he
sailed as far north as Acapulco and cap
tured two more Spanish vessels, killing
both passengers and crew and transfer
ring- the bo6ty to his own vessel and
sailed again for Cocos Island, where the
treasure was buried. In .one excavation
was buried 300,000 pounds of silver and
silver dollars. In another cave was
deposited 733 bars of gold, each in size
4x3 inches and 2 inches thick. Another
cache contains 273' gold-hilted and be
jeweled swords, precious stones and sev
eral kettles filled with gold. Marks were'
made describing the locations, but as the
pirates fell out and nearly exterminated
the entire party no one has been able to
ascertain the exact location.
1 With 1 , a remnant of . the crew Captain
Benita sailed south. again, capturing an
other'treasure-laden Spanish ship. The
treasure obtained from, it was also buried
on the island. Then it was proposed to
return to the West Indies, get what had
been left there, return to Cocos Island
and have a general division: But the pi
rates were captured by the British man
of-war. Magician, and eighty-one of them
were hanged. The Magician afterward
visited • Cocos Island and recovered a
part of the treasure. Other parties hava
also succeeded in finding part of it, but
the bulk still lies buried. -
Stories of Buried Bullion.
Consul von Johannsen at once placed
himself in communication with Captain
Hackett at Victoria, informing him that
he and his expedition would find a Costa
Rican gunboat awaiting his arrival and
a force of soldiers on the island which
would prevent his landing. It is there
fore likely that the widow's information
will be useless and that a peculiarly
constructed Instrument, which it is said
the expedition was to take along to aid
in the search, will remain idle.
There is an old story to the ef
fect that an immense amount of
treasure is buried on the Island.
In 1820 Captain Don Pedro Benita, com
manding the brig Relampago, after bury
ing some treasure gained by piracy in
the West Indies, sailed to the Pacific
Ocean through the Straits of Magellan.
He left part of his crew in Valparaiso and
sailed northward. He fell in with a Span
ish galleon laden with treasure, captured
the vessel and sailed for Cocos., Island.
As soon as Governor. Gissler read the
dispatch in The Call -he 'at once sent a
letter to "W. E. von Johannsen, Consul
General of Costa Rica, in which he says
that no_company with any such inten
tion would have the right to even land
upon Cocos Island, as Governor Gissler
holds a concession from the Costa Rica©
Government in regard to the treasure,
in which the Government is interested.'
'I happen to be here in San Francisco,"
says Governor Gissler. "on a business
visit, but certainly anything that might
be undertaken by such a company from
Victoria would amount to naught without
my consent."
"Would Find Gunboat Waiting.
August Gissler, Governor of Cocos Isl
and, off the, coast" of Costa Rica, where a
large amount of treasure is said to have
been buried and which has been made the
quest of many expeditions, has taken
steps to. prevent any further attempts to
recover the treasure on th« part of out
siders. A dispatch from Victoria. B. C,
announced yesterday that an expedition
was -being -.fitted out in that city by a
Captain Hackett to search the island^ a
widow in Nova Scotia having furnished
the information s= to the whereabouts of
the treasure.
Mrs. Rodgers .informed the detectives
that Mrs. Ohe bore all the evidences of the
beating upon the occasion of this visit.
The husband denies that he ever assault
ed his wife, but that he is a heartless in
dividual appears from his answer to a
statement of Detective. Gibson.
"Your wife is going to die," said Gibson.
"I had to get rid of her anyhow," an
swered Ohe. Ohe refused to make any
further statement, but people who were
neighbors to the Ohes at Fifteenth street
and-Portrerq avenue, and on Laurel ave
nue, say that he beat -the woman con
tinuously.
The children of the couple are suffering
from disease. Two of them will be cared
for by relatives, while the others will be
sent to an asylum.
Runs to Neighbor for Protection.
"According to the investigations of the
police the unfortunate woman was beaten
on the evening of October 6, a week ago
Sunday. The woman was visiting the
house of Mrs. Irene, a neishbor, who re
sides at 31 Laurel avenue, and was drink
ing beer with her when her husband en
tered. He dragged her out of the house,
and, according to the police, locked her up
in a room In the Ohe home and beat her.
She finally escaped from this room and
sought the home of a Mrs. Rodgers, who
resides in the fiat above Mrs. Irene, for
safety. .
Ohe denies having assaulted his wife,
but the detectives have secured evidence
against him that indicates that she receiv
ed the brutal beatins at his hands.
Detectives Secure Evidence.
Mrs. Emma Ohe is out at the City and
County ; Hospital dying from a beating
supposed to- have been administered by
her husband, Harry Ohe,. an employe in
the Western Meat Market. The husband
is confined in the City Prison,. and in the
event of his wife's death will be charged
with murder.
' It is one of the most shameful cases that
ever, was called to the attention of the
Drink is the. direct cause of all
'the trouble. Mrs. Ohe, who is a woman
of some 33 years, has been addicted to the
use-of liauor.- She is the mother : of .live
children, ! the eldest of whom (is a girl
of 13 years and the youngest an' infant of
18 months. - - '\u25a0>
Saturday night a' physician who was
called to attend Mrs. Ohe found her con
dition to be so serious that he determined
to inform the police. The unfortunate wo
man was conveyed to the Receiving Hos
pital. She was unconscious and in a most
pitiable condition. Her eyes bore evi
dence of the blows she had received, while
her body was one mass of black and blue
marks. • -
The surgeons at -the hospital pronounced
her condition most serious, and Detectives
Gibson and Riordan took thehusband^into
custody. The Ones reside at 35 Laurel
avenue, a small thoroughfare .running off
Flllmore street, between Turk and Eddy.
He Is Accused of Having In
flicted Injuries While
, Drunk.
Notifies Persons in Victoria
-'; That Expedition Can-
not Land.
Governor of Island Has
the Sole Right to
Explore.
Mrs. Emma Ohe : Said to
Bejyictim of Brutal
. 'Husband.
WOMAN DYING
FROM BEATING
GOLD OF COCOS
NOT FOR THEM
Lucan Decalso, one of. the pioneers of
the State, father of Luke M. and James
R. Descalso, who were formerly engaged
in the shoe business in this city, and Mrs
T. Bolger, died at his residence,- 1922
Howard street, last Friday night The
= a fs WaS *V natfve of Genoa, 'Italy,
aged 78 years. He was an expert orchard
ist, and devoted his early years to his
chosen profession. He was a member of
the Society of California Pioneers ,
The funeral -will take place ' to-morrow
morning from the Church, of St Charles
Borromeo^ where a requiem mass will
be celebrated The interment will be in
the family plat at Holy Cross Cemetery.
Luca Descalso, an Expert Orchardist,
Passes Away at His Howard- -
Street Home.
ANOTHER PIONEER JOINS
THE GREAT 'MAJORITY
There will be a large line, as, aside from
the worth of the cause, the programme
to be given is undoubtedly the strongest
ever prepared In San Francisco. Every
theater in the city will send the choicest
portions of the current bill, and in addi
tion Camille d'Arville, the operatic favor
ite, will sing, and Pollard's Australian
Juvenile' Opera Company will appear for
the first time in America in the last- act
of "The Belle of New York." This or
ganization is famed the world over and
will arrive from Sydney to-day on the So
noma. > \u25a0
The performance will be continuous, and
when the Grand Opera-house curtain goes
up at 1 o'clock there is no doubt that the
big theater will be packed from pit to
dome. As there will be seventeen num
bers on the bill, positively no encores will
be allowed. Mayor Phelan will deliver a
brief address, and the young ladies of the
"Florodora" Company will act as the re
ception committee.
Carriages may be ordered at 5 o'clock.
At 9 o'clock this morning the \u25a0 sale of
seats for next Thursday's monstgr benefit
in aid of the charity fund of the Associ
ated Theatrical Managers and the Mc-
Kinley memorial fund will begin at the
Grand Opera-house.
Theatrical managers' Benefit at the
Grand Opera-House Will Be a
Monster Attraction.
1TLVJB HOURS FTJXL OF
THE BEST SPECIALTIES
SAMUELS CONFESSES
TO TWO BT7RGLABIES
The police are more firmly convinced
than ever that William Buckley, Charles
Donnelly, Thomas Moran and Edward J.
Duncan, now in the "tanks," are respon
sible .for the murder of George W. Rice,
the non-union machinist, at Twentieth and
Howard streets Friday, evening. Detec
tives Ryan and Fitzgerald were at work
on the case yesterday and brought sev
eral people to the City Prison -to see if
they could identify the suspects.
Among them was L. . R. Levy, 2736%
Howard street, who gave chase to the
man who fired the shots. .Heonly saw
the back of the man. The four suspects
along with other prisoners, were placed
in line with their backs turned toward
Levy. He picked out Buckley and said
his back, and his clothes resembled those
of the man who did the shooting
Frank Keaveny, a boy living at 1130
York street; J. Wallace, 84S Capp street;
J. Bosshart, 10O9.Capp street; Superintend
ent Harris; Tenth and Howard streets
and a' Mr. Kidd, 721 Shotwell street, who
were on the car. also had a look at" the
prisoners, but were not positive in their
Identification. They will be subpenaed
to give. their testimany at the Coroner's
inquest to-day at 10 o'clock. Mrs. Curzon
3380 Twentieth street, who was at her
window and saw the men running away
Mrs. Remmensberg, 2394 Howard street
who was on the front stoop of her house
and also saw them running away, will be
subpenaed. Two important witnesses are
Mrs." R. Nicholas, 531^ Shotwell street
and her friend. Miss Hammerton. They
were standing in front of Mrs. Nicholas'
residence and saw the men running awav
after the shooting. One of the men was
putting Bomething black into his pocket
as he ran. It might have been a revolver
and it might have been a club. The de
scription fits Duncan.
The conductor and motorman of the; car
will also be subpenaed. The police feel
certain that Buckley's guilt will be estab
lished by the testimony at the inquest
All the Plunder Stolen by k the Ex
. Soldier Found in Various
Pawnshops.
Frank Samuels, an ex-soldier, who was
arrested several days ago '\u25a0 for" stealing
two baby buggies, was • identified last
night- as the man who broke into a house
at 881 Eddy street on September 14. and
stole a lot of wearing apparel and sev
eral-nieces of jewelry. The property be
longed to a Japanese boy. \u25a0 who lived in
the- house. Detective Tom- Ryan found
the stolen articles In a second-hand store
on Howard street, 1 where they had been
disposed of by the ex-soldier. •
Samuels has also been identified as the
thief who paid two visits • to a clothing
store at 751 Mission street ' a short time
ago and stole fifteen suits of clothes. The
stolen property was recovered by Detect
ive Ryan. When confronted with the evi
dence of his guilt Samuels broke down
and made a complete confession. -He says
that hunger, drove him to commit the
crimes. ,• . . . k \u25a0 ,
Seymqur Goes to Springs.
Captain of j Detectives Seymour leaves
to-day for Paso Robles, where ' he intends
to take a much-needed rest. During his
absence Chief Sullivan . will assume
charge of the detective department. Sey
mour expects to be gone about two weeks
Trapper's Oil 'cures rheumatism and neuralgia
Druggists, 60c flask. Richard & Co.." 406 Clay. •
Evidence Grows Against
Suspects in the City
Prison.
Shortly after the robbery Station Officer
Davids arrested two desperate looking fel
lows who answered the description given
of the thieves by the victim of the hold
up. After being detained for a short time
they established an alibi and were re
leased. • •
A well dressed man, giving his name as
William Lee, was knocked down by two
thieves on Grant avenue, near O'Farrell
street, early yesterday morning and
robbed of 560. Lee was about to enter the
lodging-house where he is rooming when
he was suddenly struck from behind, pre
sumably with some blunt instrument. As
he fell the criminals went through his
pockets, taking his money. Police Officer
Davids found him lying. on the sidewalk
a short time after the hold-up and took
him to the central station.
To Lieutenant Martin, Lee said he had
been visiting friends and did not return
to his lodgings until Kfter 1 o'clock in the
morning. He said: "As I walked down
Ellis street on my way to my room I
noticed that two men were following, me,
and, thinking that they were bent on
holding me up, I quickened my pace. Just
as I was about to open the door of the
house in which 1 live the desperate fel
lows attacked me, knockink me down.
After threatening . to send me to the
Morgue if I raised an outcry they pro
ceeded to search me for valuables. I am
satisfied that I could identify the men in
event they are arrested."
MANY WITNESSES
TO RICE MURDER
William Lee Assaulted
by Gang of Desper
ate Thieves.
ROBBERS BEAT
THEIR VICTIM
YOUNG PEOPLE WHO "WILL
BE MARRIED NEXT THURS
DAY AFTERNOON. /»"
Committee on entertainment— S. Cereghlno
G. Pitto, Anrelo Delucchi, A. L. BacIgaJupi,
G. Cordano. Eduardo Efflsimo. G. Ebarbaro,
Francesco Demartlnt, G. Bignottl and P. Isola.
Committee on dancing— L. Guinasso, N. Fop
plar.o. G. F. Ertola, G. Ertola. Filippo De
martlnl. A. Cavagnaro. K Perata. L. Perata.
L. Bruzzone. Agostino Flgone. V. Vaccaro and
Giovanni Figonne.
Committee on mu6lo— L. Flgone. A. Carbone,
A. Sosxcl t L. Rossi. G. B. Ostino, E. Boltano,
F. Flgone. L. Cereghino, G. Delucchi, Antonio
Valle. F. Anfibolo and A. Garbarino.
The officers of the day and the commit
tees who contributed to the success of the
celebration were as follows:
Honorary president. Cav. Filippl Serra; pres
ident, Cav. J. F. Fugari; orator. Cav. G.
Caleearis.
The four hundred and ninth anniversary
of the discovery of . America by Chris
topher Columbus was appropriately cele
brated yesterday at Glen Park by the
Garibaldi Guard and Mutual Aid Society.
Despite the intense heat, the celebration
was well attended and was a complete
success. The merry-making was fittingly
begun with a pariotic oration by Cav. G.
Calegaris. after which the sons of sunny
Italy dispersed about the park tp enjoy
all the pleasures that it affords: The
greater part of the crowd, however,
sought the shade of the dance hall, where
dancing was in progress during the entire
afternoon.
Listen to Patriotic Oration and Hake
Merry Beneath. Trees of Glen
Park.
O.N Thursday afternoon next Miss
Millie Levy and Isaac Hassen will
be united in marriage. The cere
mony will be performed at the
home of the bride, 1123 Turk
street. Rabbi M. S. Levy of the Geary-
Street Synagogue will officiate. The wed
ding will be a private one, only the imme
f diate relatives of both families having
I been Invited. At the close of the cere-
I mony the happy couple will depart on
their honeymoon. Upon their return they
will take up their residence at the corner
of Leavenworth and Turk streets.
Miss Levy Is a prepossessing and ac
! complished young lady. She is well
i known in local society circles. She is the
daughter of Morris Levy, superintendent
of a well known manufacturing house In
this city.
Mr. Hassen is a prominent jeweler of
this city. He is past chief ranger of
Court Golden Gate. Ancient Order of For
esters of America, and is a leading- mem
ber of other fraternal" organizations.
The young couple have received a great
many handsome giftf from their numer
ous friends and relatives.
Preparations for the wedding are now
under way.
ITALIANS CELEBRATE
DISCOVERY OF AMERICA
The Rev. Mr. Kozlowski Immediately re
taliated by forming a church of his own,
which was known as the Polish Catholic
church of the United States. He also
brought suit against Archbishop Feehan
for the eum of 550,000.
The specific charge against the Arch
bishop was that he had allowed a letter 10
be read from the pulnits of the diocese
forbidding all true members of the Roman
Catholic church from associating in the
slightest degree with the plaintiff under
pain of being themselves placed under i.ne
ban of the church.
Father Kozlowski asserted that through
this letter, which was read as directed In
the churches, he was put to great incon
venience and had suffered financial loss.
He did not win his suit.
Th« Right Rev. Anthony Kozlowski,
Bietiop of the Polish Catholic church of
the United States, arrived here yesterday
and is at the Grand. The noted ecclesi
astic Is here on a short visit, presumably
to collect funds for his church and char
itable institutions , In Chicago, but when
interviewed he was very reticent about
the object of his trip.
Bishop Kozlowski has the reputation of
oeingr an agitator and of causing much
trouble among the Polish Roman Catholics
in this country. He was excommunicated
from the Roman Catholic church by Arch
bishop Feehan of Chicago in October, 1895.
The history of the controversy and
eventual excommunication of the priest
dates back to the time when the Rev.
Mr. Kozlowski was pastor of St. Hedwlg's
Polish Church. He had a large following
among the congregation and he seceded
from the Roman Catholic church. The
majority of his flock followed him. The
trouble was over the ownership of church
property. Archbishop Feehan, after re
ceiving the proper authority from. Rome,
excommunicated him.
Bishop of PoliBh Catholic
Church Thought to Be
After Funds.
Priest Excommunicated
by Archbishop ' Fee
] han Arrives.
REV. KOZLOWSKI
IN SAN FRANCISCO
THE SAN FRANGISCO CALL, MONDAY, OCTOBER 14, 1901.
Isaac Hassen Will Be United in narriage
to Miss Millie Levy Next Thursday.
QUIET WEDDING AT HOME
IS THE CHOICE OF BRIDE
12
ADVmtTISEMEN'TS.
The following special lines of
NEW GOODS will be on sale
this week.
COLORED DRESS GOODS.
A new shipment of ALL-WOOL CREPE DE CHENE,
CREPE AND ALOUSE and CREPE GLORIA, In all the latest
shades To? Fall wear. Goods full 43 inGhes wide,
Price $1.00 Yard.
BUCK DRESS GOODS.
One Case (16 pieces) JET BLACK UNFINISHED WOR-
STED, full 56 Inches wide. This is the fahrlc so much
In demand for Ladles' Tailor-made Suits.
Price $1.50 Yard.
COLORED SILKS.
40 pieces NEW ALL-SILK MOMIE CREPE, the newest
material Tor Waists, width 20 Indies.
Price $1.00 Yard.
30 pieces ALL-SILK CREPE DE CHENE, medium weight
and yeru high luster, all the! newest colorings, latest
material for Dresses, 23 Inches wlde«
$1.00 Yard.
FLANNEL DEPARTMENT.
5 Cases NEW PRINTED FLANNELS, in Stripes, Figures
and Persian Designs, This is the new fahrlc so much
soli for Ladles' Klmonas, House Dresses and Waists.
Price 12ic Yard,
UPHOLSTERING DEPARTMENT.
240 pieces NEW ART DENIMS and NOVELTY CRE-
TONNES, hoth plain and printed. These goods are full
36 inches wide and latest designs.
Price 15c Yard.
111, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
I GOLDBERG. B0WEN ft CO'S SPECIAL BAVHT9 SALE
GOLDBERG
BiaWEM
NEW GOODS
Layer raisins — Calimyrna
figs — German potatoes-
apricot brandy-Exton oyster
crackers— bloater mackerel
Konday Tnesday Wednesday
Tea
Fresh— f rap rant— 10 kinds — a nr
reg'ly 50c 1 3 : "*t"£
V Coffee
Kona— nothing else— ' « no
reg'ly 25c lb \u25a0 • Z ° C
Macaroni
La Favorita-also spaghetti
vermicelli— letters and 2 lbs 2CC
numbers— jeg'ly 15c lb
Asparagus
Bouldin island- Sunbeam 1 for % cc
reg'ly 20c and r^. OD
i2cKcan Tips IOC
P e a s
Extra— sifted— 1 lb can— „ r__ „ __
Wisconsin-2 lb can-reg'ly 15c 2 tor 2 5 C
Pin e - a p pie
reg'ly special
Singapore— sliced— 20c 2 lb can 1 5c
" " 25C2Klbcan 2OC
HT " whole-25c 3 lb can 2 for 45c
Mayonnaise
Sierra Madre— 2rc
reg'ly 30c bottle ,
R oy a n s
Sardines with truffle and „• r rt . . „„
pickle— reg'ly 15c can 2 tor 2 S C
A Ik ethrepta
The best of chocolate properties — /»
reg'ly 25c can 2O C
Pin-iiy>ney pickles
reg'ly special
Most delicious % pints 25c 2Oc
made pints 40c 30c
quarts 60c 38 50c
G B & Co O K bourbon— \u25a0 3 for $2
reg'ly 5i bottle— $4 gallon - $3
Vista del Valle
w ine s
r ee'ly special
Plain saute rne— $5 50 "case qts $4 25
650 " P t s 5
Larose claret 5 " qts-. 3-7 C-
" -": 6 » pts 45 o
1 doz quarts — 2 doz pints in case
F r u it syru p
Pure — natural flavor— A _ _
reg'ly 50c bottle V: -<\u25a0 gfr->;4 oc
HV Our glasses are made of I \
II the .best . material known "to J
'//., optical- manufacture; they al
H i are ground with the.' most ./
\V scientific'accuracy, and 'we fit I
« them to the eyes with equal \\
II accuracy. /Come and see us. ,))
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
_ Need a Shirt? j
TneCiibs on Shirt makes more
5*e» g'ood looking than docs
u v ibsaxrts brct.srH, -for this 1
garment will give tone
to 1 any man!s appearance It
tit* tertecityis made of
*n.f. 5»£'St material and
will outlast anyothenshirt.
John TV Gibson
ills shirt your bosom friend
1ZQ+ Market St. f
TO-DAY, Monday,
And Every Day This Week at 11 a. m.
end 2 p. ni.,
STUPENDOUS
AUCTION
3000
Most Select, Genuine, Antique and Silk
ORIENTAL
R UCS
At My Vtvr Daylight Art Rooms,
332 POST STREET,
Near Powell, Opposite Union Square.
To Make Saa Francisco the Rug: Mart of
the West,
SAUB ABSOLUTELY Without Reserve.
Note the following pointers on this sale-
Start Low. Bid Little and buy at half
of the regnlar price.
Every Rag selected by me and Is guar-
anteed to be Genuine. M. B. MIHRAN.
, B r£ D TL A E. S EEADT KEtlEF has stood
«nrlTaled before the public for 60 years asa
*"Coid». Bore Throau, Influenza, Bron-
w-TA.*V 1 5 ux KF 1^ Bthumattem. Neuralgia,
TooUjach. and all pain. Internilly
lor Malaria and all Bowel Palna, All druwrlsts.
•\u25a0 \u25a0 --. - < --- :-..- \u25a0*"•
80LDBEH8. B017KT * CO'S SPECIAL 81 VETS \u25a0**,»
Bay rum
From St Thomas Island „,-„
reg'ly 35c bottle 3 OC
Listerinc
Lambert 6%C
Tooth powder
Listerated— .^
reg'ly 25c bottle 2OC
Lemo n squeezer
Allglass- ._
reg'ly 15c IQ C
Butter
Choice creamery— cut full
weight — reg'ly 25c lb — 3 lb* 453
butter is higher — likely ! : :
last sale at this price '''\u25a0'\u25a0.L'j. z' >.
Big catalogue free
4S2 Plna 232 Sutter 2S0O CalifornJa Saa Francisco
Thirteenth and Clay streets Oakland-
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
Everything that tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. Eeserva
berths for this famous train
at 641 Market street,
IT LEAVES EVERY VOMDAY AND
THURSDAY, 9.00 A.M., ON THE
SANTA FE
4@Wll4 iMfHF^
& THE HatiIral reading
, r 1 '^ DL5TANCE HE ARER OR FURTHER
'!$ ABHOPMAL AND HEED5 IHVESTICATIOS
1 CALL amd SEE US
.Opticians^ ISStogbj^./
-**> 642 Market St. <*^
MDER CHRONICLE BUtLOlHG.
fiWERCFS
{§\u25a040^ FAVORITE
RESCRIPHON \
m> FORWEAKWOWEW, {