: SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER; '2*, 1901 ;
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME XC-NO. il6.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Continued on Page Two.
Parts of the Supreme Court of Erie
County is a small room" on the south side
of 'the. second floor of the City Hall. The
inclosure for the bench and bar occupies
over one-half of the floor space, while
the remainder is given over to seats for
the general public. Not over 130 of the
latter 'could 1 be .accommodated, and these
seats to-day, were mainly occupied by the
men, summoned to serve 'upon the. jury.
Czolgosz .with . his counsel occupied seats
directly . in front of the' Justice's bench.
The prisoner's chair was just back of that
of Titus, i and -deputy .sheriffs, with their'
staffs of office r were daced at various
"The mental condition of the assassin
will 'absolutely be the only defense to be
offered," are the words of ex-Judge Titus,
and there is no little expectation that the
counsel will publicly abandon the case
and merely represent Czolgosz formally
during the trial. • / .
; As' a result of the examination of two
alienists, Dr. . Carlos T. McDonald and
Dr. Allan McLean Hamilton of New York,
the question of insanity is eliminated
from the -subjects on which the defense
can rely for support. ,
.: Counsel for Czolgosz saw him again this
morning before the time for the opening
of the court, but he had no more to say
to them than . on the previous occasions
when they have visited him. In view, of
the. meagerness of the opportunity for a
defense and the fact that the prisoner re
fuses absolutely to aid them, it Is not im
probable that the enure proceedings may
be completed within two days.
room.; The .interior of the City Hall, as«
well. as the outside, still bore the somber
"draperies of mourning, and quiet was en
forced, as befitting the occasion.
¦ No one outside of the building saw the
prisoner as he v. r as taken from his cell to
the' " courtroom. . His guards made, use " of
the "tunnel .of sobs", under /the ; street of
the City. Hall, and Czolgosz was brought
into : the courtroom only a few moments
before the hour set for the opening of his
trial. '."¦; No. person •was . admitted to the
building without a pass signed' by ' the
Chief of | Police, and it was necessary to
show: this . to . every; policeman ' on every
landing and ;in -every corridor. The of
ficer at the ; door | of : the courtroom \ was
especially ;.. vigilant,- and not only examined
the'- passes' but "scrutinized' the- bearers
critically' before admitting them to the
Taken Through the Tunnel.
\ BUFFALQ," S?pt. 23.— The trial of Czol :
gosz began at 10 o'clock, but long before
that hour the streets in the vicinity of the
Gity Hall were the, objective of many cu
rious persons. ' The various entrances to
the great building, with the exception of
that: on Franklin -street, were closed and
guarded. Squads of police were stationed
on every landing and in a double linejfar
inside the place of entrance to keep back
the „• crowds, while in station not. far
away reserves were ready ; to reinforce
the 'detail on duty should the feelings of
the people be aroused to the extent of riot
ing. Mounted officers paced slowly
around every side of the structure and no
one was allowed to stand. on the sidewalk
for a moment, so that at no time was the
crowd large.
Heavy. Force of -Police on Duty, and
.Visitors Only Admitted on Passes, j
COURT IS CLOSELY GUARDED.
eluded with a session of but one day
more. -.'¦'': \ . . - - !
It is not probable that any. defense will
be'.put. In,' owing "to the character ; of 'the
prisoner and his refusal to help his attor
neys in any way to. secure evidence which
they could use in his favor. The idea of
an attempt .to enter the question, of * his
sanity is not thought of in view of the re
ports of the' two alienists who; have re
cently examined him, and ; there ' is " ground
for the belief that the trial will be con
. t. ¦¦"'¦' ¦'• ¦ V : , , ¦¦ ". ¦ ¦' ¦'• : .¦' ¦••'
The probable duration *ot the trial, it is
believed,- can -be placed, at two full days.
When District Attorney Penney was asked
by Justice White at noon as to the time
he would talk in the presentation of his
case . he declared that he 'would conclude
by Tuesday noon. .Titus, for. the^defense,
was non-committal, however' and replied:
"That depends upon . the ; turn ' things
take." :
The prisoner,' Czolgosz, during the morn
ing evinced no _ Interest whatever ' in .the
proceedings, but as the testimony .was in^
troduced he paid more attention to what
was said and looked at ~ the various wit
nesses closely. .• • '. . • . ¦ : .
Conduct of Czolgosz.
as it brought out the fact that the reason
.why the fatal bullet had not been located
at the autopsy was because ¦ of the un
willingness of the President's relatives to
have the body further mutilated by their
instruments. Dr. ¦ Mynter and Dr. Mann,
who followed him, both testified that the
primary cause of death was the gunshot
wound in the stomach. " One effect of this
wound was, .they said, 'to cause • gan
grene to form : in the pancreas and the
spot of poisoned tissue was as large as
a silver dollar. . I ~ '
At 10 o'clock the formal opening of tha
court was announced. Justice .White en
tered through the center aisle and took
his seat on the bench. The first business
of the session had no relation to the case
of Czolgosz. It consisted merely of call
ing the roll of grand jurcrs for the com
ing session, and they were then excused
until October 1. Clerk Fisher, after a pre-,
liminary "Hear ye, hear ye," by the crier,
proceeded with the calling of the juror3
summoned for the trial of the Czolgosz
case. Of the thirty-six trial jurors called
only one asked to be excused.
At 10:16 there was a bustle in the corri
dor and a squad of police brought in the
prisoner. He was handcuffed to an offi
cer on each side, while in front and be
hind fcim walked other uniformed police.
The prisoner was attired in a new suit of
dark gray, a white shirt and collar and a
blue tie. His face was cleanly shaven and
his hair combed. He sat down behind his
counsel, with two officers in plain clothes
immediately in his rear.
District Attorney Penney at once began
the reading of the Indictment. He spoke
to Czolgosz in a low voice; in fact, so low
that when the prisoner was asked to
plead he seemed not to understand what
had been said.
' Justice White asked him, ""What have
you to say?" '
There was a, moment's hesitation. Then
point3 in the room and quiet was enforced
upon. all. .'The, spectators' seats were filled
very slowly -owing to the extreme care
shown by the officers in the corridors in
admitting those who applied, and it was
not until "court" was announced that the
last one was occupied.
Justice Truman C. "White, one of the
oldest and most experienced of the Su
preme Court Judges, was on the bench.
Immediately after the opening of the
court and alter the prisoner had pleaded
ex-Justice Lcran L. Lewis, senior counsel
for the defendant, announced that, togeth
er with his col.eajrues, former Justice Rob
ert C. Titus and Carlton E. Ladd, they
were ready to act in behalf of the pris
i oner. V.
Assassin's .kttorncys Explain.
"I thought it lest," he said, "for my
colleagues and myself that I should say
senrething regardfrig our presence here as
attorneys for the defendant. At the. time
my name was suggested I was out of the
city and knew noting of what was trans
piring here with reference to the selection
of counsel for the tiefendant. When the
circumstances of mj selection were told to
McKinley. He entered a plea of
"guilty," which was subsequently changed
i to "not guilty" by direction of the court.
All the events of the day Indicated that the
trial will be short. Court convened at 10
o'clock. an<3 within two hours eight jurors
]tfH been secured. Technicalities were
not raised by the examining counsel, but
it was significant that every man who
said he bad formed an opinion in the case
was excused by the District Attorney.
Those who acknowledged that they had
formed an opinion or stated that they
were prejudiced, but admitted that their
opinion could be changed by evidence,
were accepted by each side.
BUFFALO. K. Y., Sept. 23.— Leon
F. Czolg-osz was placed on trial
this morning charged with the
murder of President William
' "We shall show," said he, \ "that for
some days prior to the shooting this de
fendant had premeditated the shooting of
the President. He knew that on the 6th
of September the President wouIU receive
The presentation of the Government's
case began' shortly before 3 o'clock, when
Assistant District Attorney Haller began,
with much deliberation, to address the
jury. He spoke very briefly.
The work of securing the jurors was
then undertaken with a celerity that was
amazing. Before the day was over the
entire panel had been sworn, the jurors
had listened to a description of the Tem
ple of . Music, where the crime occurred;
had seen photographs of the interior of
that structure, and had been told by three
surgeons what caused the death of the
President and the effect of' the assassin's
shot upon the various organs of the body.
They had also learned why the fatal
wound had not been located.
Jurors Promptly Selected.
"I am familiar with the circumstances,"
said Justice White in reply, "and I wish
to say I will give you every assurance
that the prisoner will have a fair and im
partial trial and that during the progress
of the trial he will receive such treat
ment as the law demands in any criminal
case."
me I was extremely reluctant to accept.
But the duty has been imposed and I con
sidered it my duty, in the light of all the
circumstances, to defend this man. I ask
that no evidence be presented here— that
the court will not permit the acceptance
of any evidence, unless.it would be ac
cepted at the trial of the most . meager
criminal in the land."
Dr. Herman Mynter followed,- and his
testimony was of importance, inasmuch
The remainder of the afternoon was ta
ken up with the testimony of three physi
cians, two, of whom had attended the
President during his last days, while the
other performed the autopsy. The latter,
Dr. Harvey Gaylord, was the last of the
three to be called. He described the lo
cation of the Wound in the stomach and
the direction, of the bullet. The cause
of death was attributed to the gunshot
wound,; but fundamentally he said it was
due to the changes back o£ the stomach,
In, the pancreas, caused by the "breaking
down", of the material pancreas, as a re
sult of the passage of the bullet.
The first witness, Samuel J. Fields,
chief engineer of the Pan-American Ex
position, described the ground floor plan
of the Temple of Music and was followed
by Perry A. Bliss, a photographer, who
presented views - of ' the interior of the
building. .
"Witnesses Are Called.
the populace In the Temple of Music; that
on that day he •went to the exposition,
got into line with the people and ' ap
proached the President; that he had a
weapon concealed in his hand and as the
President extended his hand in kindly,
greeting he fired the fatal shot. He fired
two shots in fact. One of them took ef
fect in the abdomen and caused the mor
tal wound which resulted in" the Presi
dent's death. That, in brief, is the story
we shall show you. .. "Witnesses will tell
you this story, ; and I am sure that when
you have heard the evidence you will
have, no difficulty in reaching a verdict of
murder in the first degree." . *
CLOSING SCENES IN THE TRAGEDY THAT COST PRESIDENT McKINLBY HIS LIFE^FROM PHOTOGRAPHS .TAKEN FOR THE CALL AT CANTON.
Little Time Is Lost in Preliminaries, a Jury Is Selected and the Taking of Testimony of^A/Vithesses to the Terrible Tragedy in the Temple of Music
atthe Buffalo Exposition Is Commenced— Prosecuting Attorney Briefly Outlineslthe. Story of Czolgdsz's: Acts He Be Con
victed of Murder in the First Degree— Defense Will Probably Not Offer Ah^ : Evidence, the Anarchist's Sanity; Not Being Doubted
"GUILTY," MUTTERS THE ASSASSIN OF PRESIDENT McKINLEY
WHEN HE IS PLACED ON TRIAL FOR HIS MOST HEINOUS CRIMECompel Its Twenty Inmates to Hold
Up Hands While They Loot
Faro Banks.
PENDLETON. Or.. Sept. 23.-Five
masked men entered the saloon and
Rambling room belonging to C. L. Me-
Ginnis at 10:30 o'clock to-night and took
about 51500. There were twenty persons
in the room. The robbers rushed in and
ordered the players and dealers to hold,
up their hands. One guarded the front
door, two covered tho crowd, while the
other two robbed the faro and roulette
banks. They then commanded McGinnis
to open the safe, but a Chinese ran out
the back door and gave the alarm. The
leader of the robbers shouted "It's all
up" end the desperadoes ran out before
the sale was opened. A faro dealer named
Robinson followed them and six shots
were exchanged on the street, but no one
was hurt. A large posse Is after the rob
bers. • .
Judge W. H. H. Kean.
TACOMA. Sept. 23.-Judge W. H. H.
Kean died early this morning after an
illness of two days. Judge Kean served
as Assistant City Attorney and was sub
sequently elected Judge of the Superior
Court, serving for four years. -,/•
WASHINGTON. Sept. £!.— As a result of
several conferences between President
Roosevelt and Genera. Wood. Governor
General of Cuba, it has been determine%i
to negotiate a reciprocity agreement be
tween the United States and the Island,
the agreement to be .sont to Congress
«=>arly in December. Cereals and machin
ery from the United States will enter
Cuba at reduced rates, and sugar and to
bacco will be the principal Cuban pro
ducts affected by the agreement.
Reciprocity Agreement With Cuba,
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— For the third
consecutive time Jimmy Michael defeated
Bobby Walthour. in their motor-paced
race at Madison Square Garden. The races
were distances of three, five and seven
miles, best two in three heats. Time of
first heat at three miles. 5:03 3-5; second
heat at five miles, 8:12 4-5.
Albert Champion of France. In an exhi
bition against time on a motor cycle,
covered a mile In 1:2S 3-5, breaking tha
world's indoor record.
Michael Again Defeats Walthour.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— The work of
cleaning and painting the Shamrock II
was finished to-day. The Columbia, too.
to-day received the finishing touches djid
both yachts will be measured to-morrow.
They will then be towed to Sandy Hook,
there to await the first of the interna
tional rpces on Thursday. Sir Thomas
Lipton, who has recovered from the re
cent injury to his knee, is in receipt of a
number of presents indicative of good
will. Bob Fitzsimmons. the pugilist, sent
a horseshoe made of gun metal.
Finishing Touches on Yachts.
SEATTLE. Sept. 23.— "Any foreigner or
alien applying to my court for citizenship
papers who in any way acknowledges that
he' favors anarchism, is friendly - to an
archists, or has any leanings toward an
archistic beliefs, will be denied citizenship
by me."
Thus Judge Boyd J. Tallman of the pro
bate department of the King County Su
perior Court to-day took the first judicial
stand against anarchism and anarchists
in the United States. The situation arose
through the application of three foreign
ers. Leonard Abrahamscn, Peter Hoyd
stat and Benjamin Oleson, for citizenship
papers. They were granted the desired
papers after a thorough questioning in re
gard to anarchism.
COURT WILL REFUSE TO
. v NATURALIZE ANARCHISTS
- Wallace A. Butler, a farmer of Sardinia',
bad formed a definite opinion as to the
guilt of the prisoner and was excused..
James S. Stygall, a plumber; after a
George Ruehl, a barber, was a believer
in capital punishment. Ruehl is a mem
ber of '• the General Assembly from the
Buffalo district. He said in reply to a
question from Lewis as . to whether he
had talked much about the case, "People
have talked more to me about it than I
have. to them." He had formed no defi
nite opinion, but nevertheless he was ex
cused by the defense. •
Frederick Langbeine, a railroad section
foreman, was excused by the prosecution.
Silas Cnrincr, another farmer, living at
Clarence, had already made up Ms mind
as to the guilt of tho defendant; ho could
give him a fair trial on the evidence, how
ever. He was accepted and sworn as the
fourth juror at 11:04 a. m.. less than an
hour after the court opened. ¦ ' "
During the examination of jurors the
prisoner pat erect in his chair and gazed
straight ahead at the back of his senior
counsel. Beyond the rapid blinking of his
eyes he seemed unconcerned. He made no
effort at communication, with his counsel,
nor they with him.
Horatio M. WlrftDcar,' a farmer, wa3
challenged by the people and wan cxuuaed.
George Kuhn, a baker of Buffalo, said
his opinion of th« guilt of tho prisoner
was go firmly established that no evidence
could change it, and he was excusod.
John D. Elliott, a farmer of Grand Isl
and, was opposed to capital punishment
and he was excused.
Talesmen Are Excused.
Henry W. Wendt, a local manufacturer,
when called announced. that he had form.
cd no definite opinion on the case: hin
opinion would be governed by the evidence
alone. He was sworn in.
Joshua Winner, a farmer of North Col
lins, was objected to by the defense and
excused.
Lewis asked him if he would acquit a
man if it were clearly proven that he was
insane at the time- tho murder was com
mitted. Garwood replied that he would.
After a few questions from Lewis, Gar
wood waa accented.
Titus stated to the court the facts al
ready known as to his connection with
the case.- He explained that the position
of himself and his associates, Lewis and
Ladcl, was a peculiar one and consisted
mainly in making sure that all the forms
of law and justice were observed in tne
prosecution.
Justice White in reply complimented
counsel for the defense and said that the
prisoner could have no better counsel, and
that whatever outcome it would reflect
only credit and honor on them.
The examination and swearing in of the
jurors was then begun, the prisoner
standing as each was sworn.
The first juror was summoned at 10:26.
His name is Frederick V. Lauer, a
plumber. He was examined brie.fly by the
District Attorney and counsel for the de
fense. No objection was made and Lauer
was accepted.
Richard J. Garwood. a street railway
foreman, was next summoned. One of
the questions put to him by District At
torney Penney was:
"Do you believe in the present form of
government?" to which Garwood replied:
"Yes."
This plea was, however, not permitted
to stand under the law, and a plea of
"not guilty" was at once ordered by the
court.
District Attorney Penney then read the
indictment again in a louder voice, and to
the demand for a reply the prisoner, who
was standing at the time, said. in a very
low voice, "Guilty."
Assassin Pleads "Guilty."
the prisoner's lips moved as if to make a
reply, but before he could do so his junior
counsel, Judge Lewis, arose to speak, not
having seen the prisoner's motion.
Justice White, however, insisted that
Czolgosz should speak, and the prisoner
said. "I didn't hear what he' said. '
Dr. Herman Mynter, was the.next-wit
ness. District Attorney Penney questioned
him closely regarding the operation per
formed on President .McKinley at thq ex
position hospital immediately after, the
shooting. . Dr. Mynter said v the surgeons
found the bullet wound in the left upper
side of the abdominal cavity;. ; The.Presi
dent agreed to an operation at once, which
was absolutely necessary to save his life.
Dr. Mann was selected, with Dr. Mynter,
Dr. Mynter' s Testimony.
Dr. Harry R. Gaylord of, Buffalo testi
fied that he performed the autopsy upon
the body of the President; He described
the location of the.! wound in the stom
ach' ai»d the direction of- the bullut. The
wound in the stomach, said- Dr. Gaylord,
was not necessarily the cause, of cleat!;.
The fundamental cause was the changns
back of the stomach. The actual cause
was absorption of the broken .'down mat
ter of .the pancreas. There was nothing
known to medical science which would
have arrested the progress of the changes
caused by the passage of the bullut
through the pancreas. |
Samuel J. Fields, a civil engineer, was
the tiret witness. lie was chief engineer
of the Pan-American Exposition, and vis
ited the Temple of Music on the, day of
the crime to t.iko measurements of Iho
positions of articles at the time it oc
curred. - v / • v. ¦«•¦(
Percy A. BHbs testified that on the day
following tho crime ho photographed the
interior of the Temple of Music at tho
District Attorney's request. The photo
graphs-were passed to the defendant's
counsel and afterward to the jury.
Would Complete Case To-Day.
"I hope to complete It by to-morrow,
noon," was the reply.
"And how long will it require for your
defense?" Justice White suld to Titus«.
"That depends, upon the turn things
tako. .We are not prepared to say," the
lawyer replied.
Frederick Huller. assistant District At
torney, began the presentation for tho
prosecution at 2MS p. in. Ho rovlewed tho
assassination of the President, his Hints*
and death.
"Mr. District Attorney," said the court,
addressing that gentleman, "I desire to
leurn if I can how long a time you antici
pate it will require for you to present tho
evidence of your case?
At 2 o'clock Justice White resumed the
session, and the examination of additional
jurors was resumed. The jury was com
pleted by the selection of Samuel P.
Waldo of Alden. a farmer; Andrew J.
Smith, a dealer in butter and eggs, of
Kuff^lo; Joachim H. Mertens, a shoe
dealer of Buffalo, and Robert J. Adams,
a contractor. i
Benjamin J. Ralph, a bank cashier, was
accepted, and took the eighth seat in the
jury box.
The adjournment of court until ,2
o'clock was then announced. At the same
time Czolgosz was handcuffed to the depu
ties and hurried from the courtroom bar
to the Jail.
For the first time since he came into
the courtroom to-day he spoke to one of
his guards. "Get my hat," he said, and
the officer placed it upon his head as he
walked out. • •
Justice White expressed' himself as: be
ing agreeable to . this arrangement sind
made the hours of the court conform
with Lewis'. request.
After the acceptance of this juror Lewis
addressed the court, saying . that owing
to the fact that the defense . had little
time for preparation he desired the ses
sions of the court to be as short as possi
ble. He suggested that court convene at
10 a. m. and^close at 4 p. m., and- that
there be an intermission from 12 noon' un
til 2 p. m. ... •. ; .. ¦
Short Sessions to Be Held.
Benjamin Lang, a Buffalo grocer, was
excused on the ground that- he had an in
terest in a corporation owning property,
though he had none in his- own right. .'
Walter E. Everett, a blacksmith, was
accepted as the seventh juror just as the
bells struck for noon.
brief examination was accepted, making
the fifth juror secured at 11:35. ¦• . •-• ¦ ;
Frank J. Litz, a clerk, and Michael, Wo
Gloin, a carpenter, were excused because
they had formed opinions.' -. y. v \<\
¦¦ William." J-oton, a farmer of .Eton, was
chosen as the sixth juror at.ll:43.,.. : .'¦¦--
. "Raisins; th« ' stomach we found . n. . large
cavity, the walls of which showed evidence. of
gangrene. '' In the cavity .was a quantity ",of
pancreatic, fluid. The tissues nurrnundinp It
covering a.ppnre.as large as a silver, dollnr
were, affected."
'.'What oaufed Mr. McKinley's death?" asked
District Attorney Penney.."
"The gunshot wound In the stomach result-
Tell u« .what 'you found."
Dr. Matthew D. Mann, another of the physi
cians who attended 1 President- McKlntay. wan
called and went over the ground covered by
Dr. Mynter, describing the operation performed
at. the Exposition Hospital...
"To rind tho track of the bullet back of the
stomach." Dr. Mann explained. "It would have
been- necessary to remove the bowels- from thu
abdominal cavity.- Th« performance of that
operation would -probably have resulted fatally,
as the PrenMrnt had already jrrown very weak
as a result of the first operation."
"Were you iVresent.at the autopsy?" asked
District Attorney Penney.' ..'Vv'/^ '.'•*'
"Yes." , •"- ¦¦•'.. i,. "¦:¦
Result of the Autopsy.
' "What caused the Infection of tho wound?"
"I wish you could tell me," replied the doc
tor.
Dr. Mynter explained that this was a ques
tion that could not be determined until the
results of tho bacteriological examination now
in progress were made known, ,
"How far, as you traced the line of this bulr
let, did thin cunv'rcuuus substance extend?"
waa asked by Titus.*
"It existed along the whole track, us well
as I could fln<l out." /
"Why did you not continue and locate tha
bullet when youmado th« autonny?".
"T did not make th«. autopsy."
' "You were present and wax consulted?
"Yes, Dr. G«ylord performed It. They tried
for four hours to locate th« bullet." -
"Why did they, *tor> then?"
"Tim family of th« Pwnldent would not allow
them to continue »ny longer or to Injure the
rorvfa any more. They would not permit any.
thin*, to bo removed from -.the body for bac«
terlolofcleal examination.".;.
"Would- the. X-ray) have nhown you the in-
Jurli»n or the r>»th of th« wound?"
"Not at all. It would simply have ihown
wh»re.the bullft was."
"What was the c«une of death?"
"The bullet wound that punned throuRh both
walls of the utomach and lodged In th* muscle*
of the back.'.' , .
Not Yet Determined.
"How could the fluid escape from the organ
If it was not punctured?"
"By deterioration of the tissues surround
ing it." "
to perform: the operation. ¦ The abdomen
¦was opened. It was difficult to get at tha
wound 1 in. the back, of- the stomach. The
stomach ~ was /turned; over- and - ; a bullet
hole was found in the back of that organ.
They could not. follow the further course
of,.the;.buUet.ari"dras the president's tem
perature was rising it was agreed. by the
physicians present /that no ".further search
for it' was advisable at, that time. The
.stomach was replaced and the opening
•closed with sutiifrett On the advice of. the
physicians the President was removed to
Mr. Milburn's. hou§e.
¦¦Dr. Mynter. then described the period of
favorable symptoms shown by the patient,
his relapse and death.- Dr. Mynter gave
the- names, of all .the doctors who iwere
associated with him in the case and de
scribed-the result of the autopsy, saying
that'it. proved 'first that there was no In
flammation of tbe bowels: second,- that
there was no ¦ injury to the" heart; third,
that there was a gunshot.. wound -in -the
stomach and that there was a gangrenous
spot- back of /the stomach as la rue ad a
silver ' dollar... -, ' _ ' > ,
"What was the cause .of > death?" . asked
"Penney; ¦ *. ' ' . ¦ ' . V, :.'"¦¦'
"The cause Tvas blood poisoning ; from \ the
absorption of poisonous matter caused by the
gangrene. Primarily It waa the gunshot
wound." „ j
Cross-examination by Titus was directed to
the possible presence of microbes In the in
testines. '
"Have you any idea that there may have
been microbes In the Intestines of the Presi
dent?"
"Oh, yes," was the reply, "you have them,
and so have I." , .
' "Was the pancreas broken?" asked Titus. '
CHICAGO, Sept. 23.-Thc nine anarch
ists who have been under arrest here
since the assassination of President Mc-
Klnley were to-day given their freedom,
Judge ChetlaJn bo ordering, after the
prosecution had answered that there was
no legal evidence against them. • Emma
Goldman.was not a "party to the proceed
ings. Her case is set for hearing to-mor
row before Magistrate Prindlville. where
she, as well- as the nine men freed to
day, are charged with conspiracy to mur
der President McKinley. The cases in the
lower court with reference to the men are
of course, nullified hy the action of Judge
Chetlaln to-day. . Miss . Goldman will alsj
be. set af liberty, as Justice Prlndiville
has agreed to take such action in her
case as the. upper court took:in ; the cases
of * the men. Attorney:; Brown ' said he
would try. to' have. Miss. Goldman freed
to-day. ' When the court ordered the lib
eration of theprisoners .there was not a
trace of jubilation in their; faces. Thev
snt silent and their faces expressionless.
Emma Goiuman received. the news of
the liberation of her friends with a laugh.
"I guess. they'll have. to let me go now,"
she said. . -"It --has been shown' that ~\ the
men named as conspirators' with, me did
not. conspire, and. I fancy they would
have trouble trying to show I conspired
all by myself." . ¦- • •
Police Unable to • Find Evidence to
Sustain tho Charge of . Con
spiracy to Murder.
CHICAGO ANARCHISTS
RELEASED FROM CUSTODY
ing: from the bullet that passed through both
walls of that organ and lodged In the musolea
of the back."
Dr. Mann's testimony was not concluded
at the hour set for adjournment. Justice
White addressed the jurors, giving them
the usual formal instructions as to talking
about the case among themselves or al
lowing others to talk about It. Juror
Richard J. Wood asked the court to per
mit an officer to go with him to hi* piuce
of business so as to prevent persons from
talking: about tho matter in his presence,
but the court declared that this wa« un
necessary, although the pollco would, lie
said, afford the Juryman all the usalstance
possible.
Court adjourned at 4:03 o'clock until to
morrow. . . • . y. >
2:23 class, trotting. 11300 (unfinished)—Re
elected won the third and fourth heats. Best
time, 2:16. Cliora won the fifth heat in 2:1ii'.i.
Robert A won the first and second heats. B'>s»
time, 2:WA. distanced in the fourth. Red Prin
cess, Joe Stelner, Miss Maney and \ Dr. Strong
also started. .V* •'
2:22 das*, pacing, $1500— Axtell won the third,
fourth and fifth heats. . Best time. 2:13V«. Oc
tagon won the first and second hsats. Best
time, 2:12H. W W J, Eldoror.e, Fred % Ella
H, The Judge and Poblnson niso startetf. ,
CINCINNATI, Sept. 23.— Oakley results:
2:23' class, trotting:. $1500 — Waubun won In
straight heats. Best time, 2:11V4. Charlie Me,
Vedna Cook, Miss Duke, Gunsaulus, Sarmont,
NetVton and Maggie Anderson also started.
» Trotting Events at Oakley.
Captain Reber will succeed J. II. Simp
son; who was in McKinley's regiment and
was appointed also from Fresno, where
he had been a hotel-keeper..
Captain Reber has a splendid war rec
ord, serving in the Twenty-fourth Ohio
Regiment throughout the Civil War. It is
of Interest to note that he was Grant's
signal officer at the historic battles^of
Lookout Mountain and Missionary Ridge,
and as captain of the signal corps in toe
Atlanta campaign under Hooker had the
distinction of being the officer who first
signaled to Vlning Station, nine miles
away, the fact that Atlanta had fallen.
FRESNO. Sept. 23.— S. F. Reber of this
city, but-' formerly of Portsmouth, Ohio,
and Minneapolis, has received word- of
his appointment as quartermaster and
commissary of the National. Soldiers'
Home at Santa Monica, Cal., the appoint
ment to date from. October 1. ....¦..-:
General Grant's Signal Officer Named
for a Position in the Sarita ;
Monica Institution. V
BECOMES QXTARTEBMASTEiEl - ;
i ' \ OF THE 'SOLDIEBS' HOME
SEATTLE. Sept.* 23.— Advices from Val
des. Alaska.' say that Sam B. Fisher of
Valdes was shot by an. Indian near Cop
per Center a few days ago, while on hla
way home from Slate Creek. The wound
is not necessarily fatal. Fisher had re
fused to supply tea and cartridges to the
Indian. The latter is from the Tanana
country, and the Copper River natives
say he Is crazy.
Three men are missing from the trail
who should have been here a month ago.
Nothing has been heard from them for
two months, and it Is feared that they
have met foul play from ithe same man.
An effort will be made to capture him.
CRAZY INDIAN" ON BAMPAGE.
May Have Slain Three Hen on a Cop
per Eiver Trail.
Oregon— Original— Hiram B. Metcalf,
Portland, $6: Henry Stehman, Goble, $6;
Peter G. Wells. Cregon City. $6. Increase
—Francis M. Curtis. Columbia City, 510;
Zacharlah Cardwell, Myrtle Creek. $10.
Widows-Persis Sweet, Springfield, $8.
The postoffices at Arroyo Grande and
National City. Cal., have been advanced
to the Presidential class, commencing
October 1. The salary of the Postmasters
will be $1000 per annum.
Pensions granted: California — Original —
James K. Good. Stockton, 56; George R.
Thayer, Riverside. $6; John Jicha, San
Jose, $8; Peter L. Moore, Santa Barbara,
$12: Lester Burbank. Peralta, $12. War
with Spain— George W. Leggett, Oakland,
510. Increase — Charles W. Bonner, River
side. $50.
WASHINGTON. SepL 23.-Postofflces es
tablished: California— Bay Point. Contra
Costa County, George L. Kile Postmas
ter. Washington— Siicott, Asotin County,
Weldon Wilson Postmaster. . Postmaster
commissioned: California — John E. Mar
tin. Esparto. Postmaster appointed: Cali
fornia—H. E. Cunningham, Sierraville,
Sierra County, vice Jacob Olsen, removed.
Oregon— W. A. Pearson. Sisklyou, Jack
son County, vice J. D. Biltch, resigned.
The Postof fices at Arroyo Grande and
National City -Save Been .
\ Advanced.
OF INTEREST TO PEOPLE .
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Continued From Page One.
Napa County.
NAPA, Sept. 23.— There was a heavy
rainfall last night and to-day showers
were frequent. ' • •
AUBURN, Sept. 23.— It began raining at
about midnight and more than an inch
fell up to noon. The storm will Injure
grapes.
Placer County.
. BAKERSFIELD, ; Sept. ' 23.-The ' first
rain of. the. season fell this morning.. The
precipitation was light. . There was no
damage. - •.-:-,• '?¦*•¦ -,•'¦¦¦"..¦."¦¦••
Kern County.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 23.— The first rain of
the season came early this morning. The
drops, fell gently for two hours, laying the
dust, purifying the air and doing no harm
anywhere. The fruit men were: warned
in time and all prune trays were quickly
housed. No damage to grapes has been
reported. • The sky is still overcast and
more rain is promised.
Santa Clara County.
Ferns kept trying for the jaw in the
sixth without success. Ferns' face was
bleeding badly In the seventh and eighth,
but hla strength seemingly was unim
paired and he chased Erne about the
ring.
In the ninth Ferns smashed a right on
the jaw and dazed the Buffalo boy, and
Ferns followed him up, swinging a hard
left full on the jaw. Erne slowly toppled
over backward and was counted out.
'.' In the .fifth round blood flew from
Ferns' mouth and nose. Ferns dazed
Erne with a couple of right-hand swinzs
on. the. head.
Both came up strong for the fourth.
Erne was very £ lusive and Ferns aggres
sive. A left swing from "Rube" at the
end of the round drew the bloqd to Erne's
nose.' ' v-.;r ; . v.
In . the third Erne ripped Ferns' face
with a ' glancing blow across the left
cheek. Jim sent a straight left over the
solar plexus and Erne clinched.
In the second round Ferns again struck
a left into Erne's stomach. Erne began
a series of feints that drew Ferns out.
Erne jabbed a hard left to the face,
straightening Ferns up, and "Rube" was
swinging as the bell rang.
Ferns started right aJter his man in
the first round, putting him down with
a right plump in the mouth. Erne was
up in a second, seemingly unhurt. Erne
jolted a left to the jaw, bringing blood
to Ferns' mouth. As the bell rang Ferns
put a left into Erne's stomach.,
BUFFALO, Sept. 23.— Frank Erne, the
lightweight champion, was defeated by
Jim ("Rube") Ferns, the -welter-weight
champion, at the clubhouse of the Inter
national Athletic Club at Fort Erie to
night. Erne was knocked out In the ninth
round. The fight was witnessed by 4500
persons.
Railroad Commissioner Blackstock pre
sided. He announced that the meeting
was called to devise methods for the sup
pression of anarchists. It was agreed
that no organization should be formed at
this time. but. that a committee of five
should direct the proceedings against
Swift and his abettors. There wa3 loud
cheering when Blackstock declared that
last Friday a body of men was almost on
the point of going to Nordhoff to hang
Swift.
Swift will have his preliminary examin
ation to-morrow afternoon. , Ttio Sberlfr
wll^ closely guard the prisoner.
VENTURA, Sept. 23.-Citlzens of Ven
tura met In mass meeting to-night to con
sider the case of Morrison I. Swift, tha
Yale graduate who was arrested here on
Saturday for libel, the charge being an
outgrowth of the publication by Swift of
a pamphlet attacking the late President
McKlnley. The meeting almost resulted*
in a riot, and the excitement that it en
gendered is still at fever heat. So b!Vfer
is the feeling that it is probably well for
Swift that he has the protection of Jail
walls.
During the meeting City Attorney Shep
herd, who is a pronounced socialist and
will defend Swift, endeavored to make a
plea for the prisoner. Only the interfer
ence of the Sheriff and j two constables
s>aved him from bodily harm.
Special Elapatch to Th« Call. r
Yolo County.
WOODLAND, Sept. 23.-The precipita
tion to-day was .23 of an inch. The dam
age will not be serious should the weather
clear up at once. It Is cold, cloudy and
threatening. Continued showers would
mean heavy loss in raisins and late table
grapes. The damage to wine grapes is not
"GUILTY," MUTTERS THE ASSASSIN
OF PRESIDENT McKINLEY AT TRIAL
Alameda County.
OAKLAND. Sept. 23.—Reports from the
interior of the county indicate that the
damage done to crops, growing or gath
ered, was not serious. From Hay wards
farmers announce that tomatoes not yet
picked were hurt by the rain. The grape
crop at Nlles and vicinity is not yet in
jured. Some hay and grain in the Liver
more Valley will be spoiled. More than
Monterey .County.
PACIFIC GROVE, Sept. 23.—The first
rain of the season began falling at dawn
to-day and has continued at intervals
since, about an inch being the total pre
cipitation up to 7:30 o'clock this evening.
The sky is cloudy and a strong south
wind prevails. Ranchers hereabouts are
apprehensive of heavy loss to grain and
hay that has had to be left in the fields
because of the strike; otherwise.the coun
ty will be benefited by the downpour.-
Lightweight Champion
Knocked Out in the
/ Ninth Round.
Venturans Are Eager
to Punish Alleged
Anarchist.
MARTINEZ, ; 'Sept.: 23.--Ralri ; fell
throughout the day and every? indication
points to . a "continuance. Much" 'damage
may be done, as more than, half, the grain
in the eastern end of the county . is. still
out. Almonds are being rushed;. to "cover,
but large quantities of these- have been
caught. Hay will: suffer. Its-Is. .not- be
lieved the lain will Injure grapes.
Contra. Costa County.
¦iTULARE, Sept. 23.— To-day's rain dam
aged the* 1 grain crop awaiting; transporta
tion. ' SHould it continue raisins' and
peaches will be greatly injured. > . ,
Tulare County.-
MODESTO, Sept. 23.— There' was, a light
fall of rain, here, amounting to but .06 of
an inch. On the' eastern side of the coun
ty'the precipitation was heavier^ No dam-,
age has been done to crops. «r.
Stanislaus County.
.- SAN DIEGO, Sept. 23.— San Diego Coun
ty was visited at 4 o'clock this morning
by the first rainfall of the season, light
showers continuing, until 9 o'clock. It was
general throughout the county. Further
showers are expected to-day.
San Diego County.
"RUBE" FERNS
DEFEATS ERNE
PRISON WALLS
PROTECT SWIFT
STOCKTON, Sept. 23.— The first rain of
the season fell in this locality last night.
It began about 3 o'clock this morning and
continued furiously until .31 of an Inch
had fallen. This forenoon there was an
other sharp shower and the indications
are that the storm is not yet ended.
Grain, hay, fruit and beans would suffer
considerable damage ¦ should the storm
continue. There is considerable grain still
sacked In the fields owing to the strike
conditions at Port Costa and San Fran
cisco, and unless this be moved imme
diately the damage will be great. Dam
age to table grapes and figs Is feared.
There is still considerable hay not under
cover. Beans will not suffer unless the
storm should be prolonged for three or
four days. • ¦ «' » "
San Joaquin County.
' SACRAMENTO, Sept. 23.— A heavy rain
fell this morning, resembling a cloudburst,
and lasting for fifteen minutes.- There
was considerable rain during the night
also. Damage to table grapes and to out
standing wheat is believed to be inevit
able. -..•.-. . .
Sacramento County.
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 23.— Sonoma Coun
ty was visited by* a severe, wind and rain
storm last night. While no great dam
age is believed to have resulted later.de
velopments may show loss- to the ¦¦ grape
crop and some injury to prunes and other
dried fruits. The storm was preceded by
slight showers, on. Saturday night, but
these did* little more than lay; the dust.
Sonoma County.
FRESNO, Sept. 23.— The weather bureau
reports only a trace'of rain: this morning.
Ample warning was given to stack raisins
on trays 'and cover grain imthe field, but
yesterday was such a beautiful, sunshiny,
day that it is feared few heeded the warn
ing and that considerable damage will re
sult. The raisins had reached; the, tray
turning condition In the process 'of sun
curing. •
Fresno County.
San Mateo County.
REDWOOD CITY, Sept. 23.— Rain com
menced falling at this place shortly after
midnight and, continued for several hours.
This afternoon there were more showers.
No -particular good will come from the
rain at this time, while considerable harm
will result to hay in the field, j ,
The examination lasted until sundown,
the courtroom being crowded all the time.
Mrs. Wonders said that she was to re
ceive one-ninth of the $29,000 as her im
mediate share.' This one-ninth, ! as well
as the balance, was to have been returned
.to her parents -when the. gypsum deposit
was sold. ->'"' ¦ . •-, ¦
She told - how Woodworth had her
write the decoy advertisement that lured
her father to Los Angeles in the very
hour on which the plot they had woven
meanwhile was to be consummated. She
admitted flatly that the coin — the alleged
$29,000— which Woodworth handed to her
mother she had never counted, and that
sh« had handed it back to Woodworth ten
minutes after she had delivered the deeds
to him. She did not know, she said,
whether the amount was 11000 or $30,000,
and other evidence adduced during the
day proved that Woodworth had not been
In possession of more than $1200 at one
lime since early in 1900."
The woman's confession was complete.
She even admitted the intimacy with
Woodworth. which many. had suspected,
and, although she attempted weakly to
set up a more harmless motive, she made
It evident to every one who heard her,
under the clever examination of I>eputy
District Attorney Willis, that this inti
macy had been the moving cause of her
wrongdoing. In a few words she told how
Woodworth had come to her and sug
gested a. way by which they might gain
possession of her father's farm. All he
wished to do, she said, was to get a deed
to the property in his possession. Then,
he said, he would sell the gypsum deposit
on the land and pay old man Kempley
for his farm out of the proceeds. At all
times, so ehe claims, Woodworth protested
that he had no intention of cheating her
father.
Bcveals the Full Plot.
The Woodwcrth case has puzzled the
most expert criminologists of the South.
In Its complexity It rivals that of Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin, who robbed her lover of
his wife by the use of poison. •
Without the quiver of an eyelash or a
blufch at the alternate laughter and exe
cration of those who were gathered in
the courtroom, she I confessed that the
hold Orrin Woodworth had over her was
stronger than filial love and that, with
out other consideration than his demand,
the had made possible the scheme to strip
old John K employ and his wife of their
ail.
LONG BEACH. Sept. 23.— Threatened
with the loss of the love and. t respect of
father and mother, husband and children,
goaded by the crazing fear of the law and
frenzied because the man who had wooed
her had used her merely to his own ends
and then discarded her, Mrs. H. M. Won
ders gave up her astounding fight to-day
and made full confession of the plot she
had woven with Dr. Orrin Woodworth to
deprive her aged parents of their Iowa
farm, the one possession and source, of
income of their old age.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
j Park believed that he would certainly
be. killed and eaten by the bear, as his
companions were not to be seen, and he
could do nothing to protect himself. He
had with him a little Siwash dog that he
had. threatened to kill on several occa
sions, as It was too small to pull a sled
or pack a load. This insignificant cur
saved his life. When the bear started off
with Park the dog began to bark and bite
at the animal's heels, until at last the
immense brute dropped his burden and
started after it. The little fellow ran Into
the brush, and got out of harm's way.
Here Park made a mistake/ fo'r he had
heard and read that if .= a person would
feign death a bear would not touch him.
But Apparently this is not the rule with
Alaskan bears. As soon as the old brute
had frightened away his little tormentor
he again picked up his human burden and
started off,, handling him more roughly
than before. The faithful little dog was
again at the bear's heels more furiously
than ever, and bruin was compelled a sec
ond time to. drop his human prey.
Park did not "play possum" this time,
but managed to crawl from the track into
the brush,, more dead than alive. His
two companions,' who heard the barking
of the dog, had arrived by this timeand,
opening fire on the bear, drove him away.
The poor victim was picked up, a" mass
of blood, rawvflesh and broken bones. He
was very badly bitten on the arms, legs,
back, face and head. His whole scalp
was torn loose and about three square
inches of it # was entirely gone. His face
was terribly lacerated and he was se
verely bruised about the body.
The party was a hundred miles from
its camp on Slate Creek and had no medi
cine or bandages. All that could be done
was to wash the wounded man, tearing
up shirts for bandages and using oil ren
dered from the fat of what birds and wild
animals they could kill/as an ointment for
his wounds: Park will recover, but his
head and body will be shockingly scarred.
Park .was some distance ahead of his
two companions, when he heard a noise
in the brush 'near the trail. Believing 1 it
was made by a caribou or moose, he start
ed to investigate. Suddenly he came face
.to. face with a great bear. He threw his
rifle to his shoulder and . fired, but the
bullet did not seemingly hurt the brute,
if It hit him at all. Rising on his hind
feet, the bear' seized Park in his ¦ great
fore paws and mouth and started off for
his den In the glacier.
SEATTLE, Sept. 23.— Late advices from
Valdes state that Archie Park, one of the
first residents of that place, had an en
counter'that-nearly cost him his life a
few days ago. He had been prospecting
along; the. headwaters of the Shushetna
River with two companions for several
weeks and had just started for Valdes,
when he was attacked by a lar,ge white
glacier bear. ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MILTON. Sept. 23.— The first rain of the
season for this vicinity fell last; night to
a total of .28 of an Inch. To-day has been
showery and. at intervals 1 thunder "show
ers prevailed. Present indications are for
a continuation of the storm. . Some dam
age will result to fruit that- is being 'dried
and dry feed will be injured,, although ,a;
fall of rain sufficient to start new feed
would offset this.' . ' , . -. ' ¦
Calaveras County.
WILLOWS. Sept. 23.— Showers fell here
last night and to-day, but not enough to
damage the grain piled along the railroads
and the river, which has not been shipped
on account of the strike at Port Costa.
With grain yet in the fields heavy rains
now would do much damaee.
Glenn County.
SUISUN, Sept. 23.— The bean crop
on Ryer Island was injured by
the rain last night -and to-day to
the extent of $30,000 or more. The
__ . '. . harvest began, about a week ago
and nearly the entire crop, which is val
ued at $100,000 this season, will be more or
less damaged. m
At Maine Prairie there are upward of
150,000 sacks of grain piled along the
banks of Cache Slough and Mariner
Slough awaiting shipment. This will be
damaged to the extent of thousands of
dollars. The shipment of this grain' was
delayed by the Port Costa strike.
Grapes, prunes, late peaches and al
monds have been, damaged in Suisun and
Green valleys, causing a big loss. Nearly
all shipping fruits have been harvested,
so the disaster is not 60 great as it would
have been a week ago.
three-fourths of an inch of rain fell last
night in Oakland. • .
serious and the injury to alfalfa is very
slight;" . - - •
Says She Was to Have Received as
Her Share Only One-Ninth of
the Sum. That Was
Stolen.
Compels It to'Brop Its. Human Prey
and the Arrival' of Companions
Saves the Man From
¦ Death.
Snapping -of a Little Siwash
* Animal Diverts Brute's
'Attention.
Confesses Her Complicity in
• Theft of $29,000 in '
Banknotes. . -
Mrs. Hannah Wonders
Testifies Against Dr.
Woodworth.
Monster Beast Tries to
Carry Off a Pros-
:'.';¦% "The present rainstorm Is not ended and vre may expect several elearing-np shovrers," said
Official Forecaster A. G. Me A die last evening-. He said the ntorm iraa general over the entire Pacific
Coast and was trell marked. It is now moving rapidly eastward and will extend over, the' entire
country. ./-.-••>•/¦ '•
The storm ranged from Portland, Or., as far : south' as San Diego. The rainfall ' in San Fran
' cisco was .67 of an inch and at other points varied from .1 of an inch to 1 inch. Mr. McAdle say*
the farmers were -warned as early as Saturday that a storm was expected.- About 150 telegrams
.. -were sent-ont. Those who heeded the warning 1 saved, their, fruit^.but reports «Uow that, .because, of
the bright, sunshiny weather on Saturday ' and . Sunday, many ignored the mesnagrs and suffered
• losses in consequence.- Wheat and barley, are in sacks and are exposed at many points, and a great
deal of this grain is damaged. Railroad agents v» ere warned; however.' to get all the grain possible
¦ under cover. 1 * " -',* ¦ ~ '. ' • ' ': "•'"'".' -,\' '-'..'¦' ', .'. -. ' '"'-'¦ ¦ ¦-.'.. - • . - ; . .;'^:*- ' T*
At. a late hour last evening it wr.W still raining in the mountains and foothills,'and there will
be several more showers-'before the storm.ends. . . V. -? *«.•.' .V- ¦¦i/.v- '". . - : - *'.-; . .' '
LAYS BARE
PLOT TO ROB
HER PARENTS
DOG RESCUES
OWNER FROM
BEAR'S JAWS
Weather ForecasterMcAdie Sends Oiit\ Ample Warn ing; v but Bright
Skies Lure Growers Into a False Sense of Security That
Results in Losses— Storm Is General Throughout the State
EARLY R A I NSTORM C AT CHE S SOME
FA RME RS AND ORC H ARDISTS NAPPING
2
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ SEPTEMBER 24, 1901;
Mardo Cuglian.
FRESNO, Sept. 23.— Mardo Sugllan, for
nineteen years a restaurant man here and
a loader among tirb Austrian population,
died thlsmorninr. . -
Heavy Exodus From Dawson.
SEATTI^E. Sept. 23.— Tha steajmship
Cottage City, Captain "Wallace, arrived
at noon to-day from SkiuTuay with nearly
200 passengers and treasure amounting to
$100,000. Passengers from the Interior
state that there is no abatement of tha
exodus from Dawson.
FIVE MASKED MEN RAID
OREGON GAMBLING HOUSE
FOR THE MORNING MEAL.
Malt Breakfast Food
Affords Energy and Strength to
Body and Brain.
If you would eat to live, to be healthy,
end truly enjoy life, make Malt Breakfast
Food your first dish each morning. This
delicious food affords sustaining energy
and strength that no other grain food can
give. When the day's work is over you
have not exhausted your store of vitality
by an overtaxing of your digestion, as oc-
curs when the common foods are used at
breakfast. • . .
Ma!t Breakfast food is a truly concen-
trated food, therefore • the most econom-
ical to use. One package will make a full
meal for twenty-fiva or thirty people. Ask
your grocer for it; after one trial you will
cever give it up. .
* To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. ' All
drup^ists refund the money if It falls to cure.
e; "W. Grove's signature is on each box. 25c. •
Best Time of Year to Go East.
•Start October 3 or 4 and: return In December.
Full particulars '. regarding : Pan-American _ Ex-
cursion tickets, -which . cost only JS7 for .the
round trip, at the Santa Fe* office, 641 Market
•street.' '.¦¦'"¦¦•'-/¦.¦.. •• - ¦'¦ ¦ .---.'.. ¦
ADVERTISEMENTS.
\^
liifTROUBLE CURED.,
General Health QVeatly Improved j
by Pe=ru=na.
j^_ " _ -^ before T was completely cured, but I hav« I
>ZS^ y -^yo> . had kpod cause to be grateful, for not J
'**-~Jn) — C^^^VHr?^^?! only d m y kidney trouble disappear, but j
/V/u^^J^ir^^Sy^O^ my general health improved and I have 1
ttiirV--' 'J ¦ "' » >>) been i\ good health ever since. I would I
T/P^Sl^^i^^^S It not be tnout Jt tor *. en tlmes its cost."
SV-^V-^^J^^Hw^i' r "' ls r' r : .^ I Thl3 experience has been repeated many ¦
ijj^Vsyi. "^^^^^£pwM'^: \ tImes - hear of such cases nearly '
W^^^^m^sM^^^Ml^d^ ' r " e^ s * *^ s ' oon a3 she took the right rem *
ff \ |g|iiil| slfisSs #S5^H$^K%iPSr 1 'i3» i\ avenu^ Mitneapolis. Minn., writes:
\S*l ts^^m^jeci^' **^' l^^l'i^'wJt' J* "* know at I enjoy perfect health, all
filriSiS'i!"**!! £_i Ji^^s&'fcaP (x ue to PenVna - Last winter I suffered
I,, "¦ • /{[ J2r_ «fe5j '-'" '/-«* I) from general debility caused from a cold.
tr>.* Hk\ jS^ V-->*3> (/ I had almost constant dragging: pains and
•". « - \^_^<M*#&i**SpSI&i » backache until v l became ao unstrung and
&¦¦;:':¦'¦-':%% 5^^!**^«^sSSai fl nervous that I could not sleep nlsrhts and
%«S@iw^t^^8M^i^HE!S« Jl became a physical wreck. Fortunately
Tj^l*SiSi7.'^*S™Blw^^MSBlSa-i I Peruna waa broNight to my notice and I
I f wPsPffif! W : M !^'feM^^^*^^ i^l I I decided to try it.\ It was nothing short of
1 HvflMp ¦ •MP'ilifl'n^^'t^M&wl II layed the nervousness, renovated my en-
n 3lJ^i'2ltJ5*W M iin*M\ Wittl^/iw II tlre svstem antJ brsught health and youth
II tl I S^ ''^Ai^iir 1 ra ft *f 'Sp 3 Vj ' back to me. I hav* advised scores of my
(1 iP l»% '^svvri'U''*' 1 * *' If • \\ friends to try it and. those who have used
\J . \ -»m4N H * ¦ .. » I JJ it speak of it in the highest terms."— Jo-
$L =^ :::::::^~~ :^ A Prominent Washington Society
MRS. FRANCES MATOON. £ „
¦ •„,.„, . 41 . Miss J- E- Hoopes. 1321 F street, N. W..
Mrs. Frances Matoon, Treasurer of the Washington. D. C, writes:
Minneapolis Independent Order of Good »aiy system was run dovn and worn?
Templars, writes from 12 Sixth street, ou t by continued colds and catarrhal *
Minneapolis, Minn., as follows: • trouble.- I experienced no permanent re-
"Last winter I had considerable lief until I tried Peruna.
... ... ... , • , . "To-day I feel better and stronger than
trouble With my kidneys brought on tor years and I feel very grat»fui. at t»b-
afteraharicoldwhichlhadneglecied. ;^ ts "XSSW pS^J." 118 benefltlaI
One of my lodge friends who called when Peruna cures catarrh wherever located.
I was ill told me of a wonderful medicine Peruna is a specific for the catarrhal
called Peruna. I had no faith in it, but derangements of women. Address The
my husband purchased me a bottle and Peruna Medicine Co.. Columbus, Ohio,
asked me to try it. It brought me most for free book on catarrh written by Dr.
satisfactory results. I used three bottles S. B. Hartman.
ferRR Shape" sSo£ /f}
f<9 &%? Many people have asked how A m ft ft \)l /J
IWV l" Itls thatn B. CrP. Konrect Shopo-V/I J! V ill
L*» # shos is sow at ....O*riUU ( H
Bil r . The immense volume and Increased product of 750O pairs " ¦ nd
St./ A daily enables them to produce a shoe at $4 superior to any
f d la Sti or $7 shoo made. ¦ ,|||
Ilk™ 2 When the capacity of B. & P. manufactory was BOO pairs I If I
k^, j dnily they sold for $8 and J7 per pair. :.2UjH ft A
gkv \ Sporting, Walking or.Drcss Shoes. Afl
ij I '" SECOND STORE FROM MARKET STREET, j ||l]
p pi Exclusive Agents for the World-famed Sorosls / ' 1 1 II
fffl w J! sra'#£T" i *'lP^ m
I Y lUivMtN >/^|>\ yS/r IMPORTED >
I ALLSTYLES F5£&^ I AND ISCENE IN THE "DANGER DISTRICT" AND PHOTOGRAPHS OF .THE COLLECTION OF DEADLY WEAPONS
TAKEN FROM UNION PICKETS BY THE POLICE AND OF SOME OF THE VICTIMS AMONG NON-UNION
MEN WHO HAVE SUFFERED AT THE HANDS OF THE STRIKERS.
first hand. They have picked up non
union men with heads and faces beaten
out of recognition. They have on occa
sions rescued non-union men from the
clutches of strikers. They have searched
a number of the official representatives
Continued on Page Seven.
IN spite of the repeated avowals of
peaceful intention on the part of the
leaders of the present' strike the
beating of non-union men continues.
In spite of the repetition of the
avowals the police place little credence In
them. The police know.
They" have derived their knowledge at
Arms, Legs and Jaws of Unfortunate Work
ingmen Broken by Strikers, Who Attack
in Gangs and Show Victims No Mercy
j .. •
UNION PICKETS CARRY
BARBAROUS WEAPONS
Sixth and Berry, -lacerated right ear, contusion
of right cheek ancf eye, contusion of body;
treated by Dr. Murphy: -.
August 3 — Fred Kumlade. non-union man, 36
Gilbert street. Fourth and Brannan, two lacer
ated wounds of scalp; treated by Dr. Murphy.
August 4— J. A. Rodgers. non-union man,
Washington street, Cafe Royal, contusion of
left eye, cplstaxls, hematoma of forehead;
treated by Dr.* Murphy. . ¦
Frank Brown. 3639 - Twenty-fifth stre«t,
Twelfth and Folsom, lacerated > wound of
scalp and upper lip; treated by Dr. Murphy.
Ed Haggln. non-union man, 215 Sixth street,
311 Clementina, lacerated wound of scalp;
treated by Dr. Murphy. • .
John McKennon, non-union man, 2749 Lorn-:
bard street, Stockton and Union-square ave
nue, lacerated wound of right eyebrow, con
tusion of right cheek; treated by. Dr. von der
Lleth.
August 10— T. • Alborell, non-union man, 358
Geary street. Tenth and Folsom, fracture of
right radius (right arm); treated by Dr.
Murphy.
Charles Hachmuth, 119V4 Ellis street. Baker
and Chestnut, eight lacerated wounds of scalp,
contusion of left eye, lacerated wound of nose.
' August 11— C. Phillips, non-union man, , 2*3
Third street, same, .lacerated wound of scalp,
abrasion • of face and head, contusion of both
eyes; treated by Dr. Bauer. .. .
August 12— A. Gardlnl, non-union man. Bran
nan street, Folsom and Falmouth, contusion of
head and face; treated by Dr. McElroy.
John Wood, non-union man, HID Vallejo
street. Fourth and Brannan, ¦ contusion and
abrasion of face and head, lacerated wound. of
fa^e and forehead; treated by Dr. McElroy.
The combined records of tho Central and
Harbor hospitals show these cases from
August 14 to September 4:,
August. -14-^.C. Kimel, Pacific Mall dock.
July' 22— John Mason, 13 East street, contu- |
slon of left hand; Dr. Murphy.
July 25— Frank Blanchard, 912 Howard street,
Ferry building, lacerated wound of lower lip,
right eye and contusion of right eye.
July 28— John Doe, Montgomery avenue and
Dupont street, lacerated wound of left cheek;
Dr. Murphy.
Manuel Chlllnls, ship Arequlpa, Front street
and Broadway, lacerated wound of- nose,
contusion of left eye; Dr. Murphy.
July 30— Dan McKlnney, 608 Golden Gate
avenue, Davis and Sacramento streets, lacer
ated wound of scalp; Dr. Murphy.
Theodore Wesselinck. 673V4 Harrison street.
East and Washington streets, lacerated wound
of scalp; Dr. von der Lleth. .
- F. Maltland, 324 O 1 Farrell. Howard and East
streets, lacerated wound of right shin; Dr.
Murphy.
July 81— E. Sllva. 2107 Powell street, Jackson
street wharf, lacerated wound of scalp; Dr.
Murphy. '
Charles •¦• Hnmmalarlhal, transport Logan,
Transport dock, two lacerated wounds of
scalp, fracture of outer table of skull; Dr.
August 1— Bill Sykes, ship Henry B. Hyde,
East and Howard streets, lacerated wound of
upper Up, abrasion and contusion of head and
face; Dr. Murphy.
August 4— A. . a. ! . Meyer, stsamerv Modoc
same, contusion of right eye; Dr. Armistead.
August •— P. Kelly, Droadway wharf, same,
lacerated wound of lower lip; Dr.
John Ahem, 105 Clark street. First and Bran
nan, lacerated wound of scalp; Dr. Armlstead.
Auguet 7— Willlnm Haney, brought from
Broadway and Montgomery, lacerated wound
of scalp, contusion of lip and Jaw; Dr. Armls
tea. /
Wilfred • Horton. 1205 Stockton street. Pacific
Mall Dock. ' gunshot wound of right shoulder;
Dr. Armlstead. / ..•••¦
Thomas* Igo, transport Meade, same, lacerated
wound of, lower Up; Dr. ArmlBtcad.
Continued on Page Seven.
STRIKE leaders, the Examiner and Father Yorke unite'in denying the existence, of se
rious violence due tv the strike and in declaring that The' Call and other papers have
purposely, exaggerated outrages against non-union men. That the public may judge..
The Call to-day attempts a somewhat more adequate presentation of the. state, of disorder
existing. Official records of the receiving hospitals are published, and" more detailed ac
counts of some of the murderous assaults are given as types of scores of attacks., upon' the.
men who offend only by doing the work that offers. Photographs of a few of the victims are
given, and of the, weapons -used 'cm some of them.
John Moran, 324 Bush street, Broadway
wharf, lacerated wound of scalp; Dr. Armla
tead.'
August 8— P. O'Mara; steamer Pride of the
River, East -and Jackson, ' lacerated wound of
lips. Inner surface; Dr. Armistoad.
August 9— John Farrell, California House,
Howard and East, two lacerated wounds of
scalp; Dr. Armlstead: • .
August 10 — A. Olsen, 538 Third street. Bran-'
nan and' Second, lacerated wound of scalp, con
tusion of left eye; Dr. Armlstead. ' '
W. French, 7 Freelon street. Broadway and
East, lacerated wound of upper Hr; Dr. Armls
tead.
August 11— Frank MeKevltt, 559 Lombard
street, Lombard and Battery, lacerated wound
and contused wounds of 'nose and lower Up; Dr.
Armistead.
I G. Van Tassal, 1356 Montgomery street, same,
lacerated wound of scalp; Dr. Armlstead. \
•August .12— Jesse Lindsay, 1323 Montgomery
street, Broadway wharf No. 1, lacerated wound'
of forehead: Dr. Armlstead. • •
George Brown, steamer S. J. Stewart, same,
lacerated wound of scalp; Dr. Armlstead. -
James Madison, East and Mission, Paciflc
street wharf, lacerated wound of scalp; Dr.
Armlstead.' •¦.-•¦•¦
P. O'Mara. East street, lacerated wound of
scalp; Dr. Stevens. . .:
August 13— William Herley. 675 Howard street.
brought from Mission and -. East, lacerated
wound of temple and scalp;. Dr, Armistead. ,
The Central Emergency Hospital records
show these cases from August 1 to Au
gust 14: ' . ¦ » \ . , . v
August 1— TVIlllnm Smith. norf-union man. 838
Jackson street/ Sixth and Berry, lacerated
wound right eyebrow, contusion right cheek;
treated by Dr. Armlstend.' ¦"
James II. Robinson, non-union man, brought
from' Second and Mission,! lacerated wound of
upper lip;, treated by Dr. Bunnell.
Harry Gruenberg, non-union man," Fresno,'
Wliat the Records Show.
To present the situation mare adequate
ly. The Call has collected some general
The Call of that tsame morning had de
voted ten lines of its space to an account
of five strikers aUucking a young dray
man who was driving his own team, pull
ing him off his wagon and trying their
best to break his wrists— a dastardly at
tempt, which was frustrated only by the
unusual strenjrtli and courage of the ob
iect of their violence. It had given three
lines to an attack by strikers upon the
mate- of a vessel; five lines to an assault
upon a non-union laborer recently arrived,
In which he receded a broken nose and
many wourMs on the face and head. .It
had devoted seven lines to an attack upon
a non-union fireman who was knocked
down by strikers, beaten and robbed, and
six lines to two sailors who were over
powered by numbers and outrageously
beaten.
Some of th# newspapers are eyetematlcally
exaggerating the flgnts and brawls occurring
on the water front. Under ordinary conditions
vh'.-n a longshoreman corrx-s into the Receiving
Hobpltal on Saturday night t-> have a couple
of ftitches put In a scalp wound, no attention
¦5 paid to the fracas by the po
!i<-o reporter*. or. at best. a four
llr.e Item is published. At the present
lime arralm-of th»t character are treated as
•hough romeMiing very Korious had occurred
•md are Riven a prominent place in the col
umn* of r portion of the presH.
The reverend speaker was but following
the line of argument set down by the Ex
{•mincr. and before It by Andrew Furu
fretn and Edward Rosenberg. In its edi
torial of September 21, the morning pre
ceding the evening on which the mass
jrertlng was held, the Examiner said:
Says Papers Exaggerate.
' Violence ia Just what the papers that are
oppo6ed to you want to get at. I am not say-
Ing that you hav« been violent. I have taken
the trouble to mark down and keep a tabulated
Jlst of all the acts of violence that have been
net forth In the papers during the last three or
four weeke. And I believe this: That two of
the papers, the Chronicle and The Call (hisses)
—they are not worth hissing; do not hiss them.
But they have started In with the Idea of Tak
ing up every outrage, every accident, every cir
cumstance that can happen on the city front,
r-d put It down under the strike news in order
to give the people the Idea that there has been
a great ccai of outrage going on during the
toy. ~ „-_ __ -n. 21
THE REV. PETER C. YORKE, in
his address at the mass meeting
in Metropolitan Temple Saturday
night, asserted that the newspa
pers, with one exception, have
tried to mi§lead the public into thinking
that a state of disorder exists in San
Francisco. He said:
Dunn, Twentieth and De, Haro
streets, First and Folsom, gunshot wound' of
right thigh : Dr. Boskowltz. ¦; ;
July 17— Peter IVlngrren, ship Allrton, Main
street wharf, abrasion ear, nose, chin and
cheek, contusion left eye; Dr. Murphy. ¦- .
From the records of the Receiving Hos
pitals lists have been compiled of the
cases .that are beyond doubt "strike
cases."" The list gives simply the plain
facts and only those who saw the victims
can know the horrible brutality to which
many of them had been subjected.
Following are the cases treated at the
Harbor Hospital from July 16 to Au
gust 14, the second address, when given,
indicating place where assault was com
mitted: '¦ • .
July 16— Norman Prltty, 105 Prospect place,
lacerated wound of scalp; Dr.' Murphy.
Ed Miller, 414 Bush street. 313 Bush street,
severe contusion of left hand; Dr. Murphy. »'
Charles N'eal, 1518 Howard street. First an«l
Folsom, slight dislocation and contusion*' left
lift ml: Dr. Murphy. • ¦"' Vi M#Vi'/
Michael Hutton. 573 Minna street," 'Eas*: "and
Mission, lacerated wound of forehead;- Dn .MC-
Elroy. -- .** ¦¦:
BECORD OF VIOLEltfCE:
What Hospitals Show of Assaults on
Non-Union Men.
Three men havo been killed. William
T. Sullivan, a striker, was shot during an
attack upon non-union men in a stable..
Frank McGulrc, a sailor, was beaten into
insensibility by strikers on the water
front. Ten days later ho died at the home
of his sister in Oakland. Renas Mathe
sen. an Alameda man. tho only support
of an aged mother, needed work, but be
cause he accepted it strikers beat him as
they might a mad dog, and five days later
he died after great suffering.
Information regarding: the victims of
strikers' violence. It presents this and
accounts in more detail of a few of the
outrages by which strikers have sought
to prevent other men from doing the work
which they decline to do.
The statistics give only the cases at
the receiving hospitals in which the pa
tient is known to have been attacked by
strikers or their sympathizers. Hundreds
of assaults besides these have occurred
of which no record exists. In many cases
the intended victim has escaped. In oth
ers friends have taken the bruised and
bleeding laborer home and not even the
police have known of the assault and In
dignant citizens who witnessed it have
wondered why the papers made no men
tion of It. Of every ten assaults occurring
In the streets since July 16, when the gen
eral striko began, probably nine have
been entered upon neither the police nor
the hospital records.
Facts Controvert Charges Made by Father
Yorke and the Examiner That Newspa
pers Have Exaggerated Cases of Violence
BROKEN AND BATTERED
BODIES ARE EVIDENCE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI/L, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1901.
STORY OF THE LOCAL REIGN OF DISORDER SINGE BEGINNING OF STRIKE
TOLD IN PHOTOGRAPHS OF VICTIMS AND HOSPITALS' OFFICIAL RECORDS
3
Scrofula is an unwelcome legacy, but one which \§SJ§iSy
the children of blood poisoned parentage must Jik^^QCr^r^^
accept, with all its humiliating consequences. It w jmmS^ i *&?b
an inheritance that makes one poorer; that bnng3 } l&W^'Z^z.f
wretchedness and disease instead o: health and ?/&!/?% \\ A^. «
riches, for the child whose ancestral blood is tainted SM'/jp' . /$\cS\
with Scrofula or the loathsome virus of Contajgious WS^^-^^r iffflPS.^(l L
Blood Poison is unfitted for the arduous duties of MM_ Z^fas^AM® NL * ft
life so lone as any of the transmitted poison remains
in its veins. Scrofula manifests itself in various forms; swollen glands about tho
neck and throat, catarrh of the head, weak eyes, hip bone JSh
and offensive sores and abscesses are familiar symptoms, attended usually ;*it£
loss of strength, poor digestion and pale or bloodless complexion. The sk^ i is
sometimes most dreadfully affected eruptions breaking out on all P^ 0^*"^;
Scrofula destroys bone, tissue and flesh; no part of the human srstem escapes its
withering, benumbing touch.
¦Whon nineteen years old, and about one year 5^^ w hose blood is pois-
sores- risinjro camo undar my left arm, and tho suffering for the Sin3 of fiCfine
diueharso was simply awful. The doctors Bald I remote ancestor, must re-
! had the worst case of Scrofula they had ever st;ore their own blood to its
tTe n othV r o^^ o °n f Kss^asSjffi rs.rs."St -ti ss
hea^ robust Chilean.
fti bottiw i owed no completely; no Bitrns of S. S. S. cures Scrofula, like
the terrible disease r.ro left. . other diseases of a deep-
MBS. BIOHARD WAS30XT, seated, constitutional charac-
Ooldea Corners, Ohio. ter> by res toring life and
wiritv to the profoundly poisoned blood, and the rich, strong blood that is carried
to the swollen and diseased glands al>sorbs and destroys the tuberculous deposits,
and the painful, disfiguring sores and other evidences of Scrofula disappear.
.85 8 should be begun immediately upon the appearance of the first symp-
toms.'or where there is a known predisposition to Scrofula. Our medical deparU
ment will be found of great help to those who are struggling with this wasting
disease of heredity or any other blood trouble, and we invite you to wnte us.
Should you or any member of your family need advice, our physicians will cheer,
fully give the information you desire, for which we make no charge. Bockoa
?°° daIldSkinDlS SE SWIFT SPicClFIC COMPANY. ATLANTA, GA"It is a shame to recall, it provokes
cur bit'ter indignation to think of th«
contumely, the. ridicule, the abuse,
the denunciation which were poured
out by degraded, unmanly, cowardly
and malignant newspapers upon the
noble, worthy gentleman, "William
McKinlev: against the painstaking, hon
orable President, who injured' no
man, who bore hatred for none.
Shame on those papers which
hounded President McKiniey and
used every false and dishonorable mea,ns
to place him Mn a false light before the
nation; which misrepresented his words
and actions; which cartooned and lam
pooned him; which denied him not only
the respect due to- the head of the nation,
but the respect paid to the humblest citi
zen. Shame, I say, upon the cowardly, In
famous maligners who, during the years
when President McKiniey was striving
sincerely for the nation's good, treated
him as brutally and unfairly as they
would not have dared to treat a common
criminal, an outcast; as they would not
treat the very murderer who slew h{m.
"The press must respect the constituted
authorities. The welfare of the state and
of society demands it. To ridicule the
President is to ridicule the republic.
To ridicule and sneer at the con
stituted authorities is to ridicule and
sneer at the nation. To attack 'elected
and lawful rulers so foully, so unfairly,
is to raise up enemies against them and
against the republic. No more must we
suffer the propaganda of anarchism."
"It is an awful thing to know that In
this great land, which has opened its
doors, its ports to the oppressed poor, the
miserable of all nations, which has been
the nest and home of the, largest political
freedom, which denies no man the benefit
of equal laws, which protects civil and
religious liberty, the elected chief magis
trate, a plain democratic citizen, should
not be able to walk among the people
who have raised him to the highest emi
nence and whom he served loyally, de
voutly and according to law.
"The Catholic church from the begin
ning has been the conservator, the guar
dian, the ally of the civil authority and of
the state, and In the dark and stormy
period of history when all government by"
right of law was imperiled and seemed
about to go to pieces it was the Cath
olic church which came to the rescue
of civil society, which saved the laws,
literature, the arts of peace, organ
ized society and civilization from de
struction.
"You know how persistently the
Roman Catholic church has com
bated that evil, conscienceless, god
less, negative philosophy called an
archism.
You, as Catholics, understand the enor
mity of that crime; you have been taught
by the most sacred precepts of the church
to respect the civil Government and the
constituted authorities.
"/You would not have believed that
there was in. any part of this fres
country one mind so malevolent as to
plot ill against President McKiniey.
ARCHBISHOP RIORDAN, in de
livering his sermon at the me
morial services In the Cathedral
In San Francisco last week,.re
ferred to the work done by the
Catholic church in upholding or
ganized society and civilization. In his
se ™on Archbishop Riordan In part said:
We have come here this morning to re
call the life, to mourn the death and to
pray for the soul of that noble Christian
President who lately stood among us In
health and who to-day is deposited in
the grave, slain by an assassin. He was
a good man.
Archbishop Riordan
Says Ghurch Must
Stand by Society
Southern Pacific direct llne-^llmlted
trains— personally conducted 'excursions.
$87 round trip. Choice of routes. Last
chance to see tho great Pan-American
Expoaitlon. . Lots- of literature at Infor
mation Bureau and ticket office, 613 Mar
ket street. •}&¦<*, - * •
Last Buffalo Excursions.
SANTA CRUZ. Sept. 23.-Rev. W. J.
Speers. a deacon In the church,
was ordained to the gospel ) ministry ¦ by
a council in the Congregational church to
night, and thus i became. a Congregational
preacher, of the word. ..- ¦ • ," '¦'¦¦'•¦¦ ¦
Ordained to the Ministry.
Postmaster General Smith and Secretary
of the Navy Long called and had short
conferences with the President on busi
ness matters connected with their depart
ments. Other callers included Justice
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON. Sept. 23.— President
Roosevelt Is now domiciled In the White
House. He ate his luncheon and dinner
there to-day and will sleep there to-night.
Mrs. Roosevelt and their children will Join
him on Wednesday. The President walked
to the White House from the residence of
Commander Cowles this morning accom
panied by his brother-in-law, Douglas
Robinson. Robinson remained for a few
minutes and the President then began
receiving a stream of callern who took up
nearly his entire day. Secretary Gage
arrived at the White House at the head
of all the offlcials^of the Treasury De
partment., who receive their appointments
direct from the President. There were
about twenty of them and each one was
Introduced in turn by Secretary Gage.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 23.— County Game
Warden Fred L. Foster was to-day exon
erated of the charges preferred by Dr. A.
M. Barker, president of the Santa Clara
County Fish and Game Association, in an
attempt to 'oust him' from office. Tho
hearing occurred before the Board of Su
pervisors and the board unanimously
voted its confidence in the Game Warden.
Barker charged Foster wlth» being negli
ge Jit in the performance of .his duties. In
his answer Foster alleged that Barker had
brought the charges through spite and
hoped to place a personal friend in office
as (Same Warden.
Game Warden Foster Exonerated.
His Wife 'and Children
Will Join Him There
Wednesday.
Selecting Jurors to Try Kelso.
SANTA BARBARA. Sept. 23.— The case
of the people of the State of California
vs. William Kelso for the murder of
Harry E. Blochman at Santa Maria on
the evening of July 3 was called In the
Superior Court at 10 o'clock this morning
before Judge W. S. Day. The day was
Epent in selecting Jurors.
LOS ANGELES. Sept. 23.— Aaron A.
Welk shot and killed himself at 5 o'clock
this morning in a room In the Somerset
House. 214 East Fifth street. He regis
tered there last Tuesday from San Fran
cisco, but a certificate entitling the holder
to sick benefits and burial at the expense
of the order of Maccabees showed that he
had Joined that order at Blue Earth,
Minn., on February 6 last.
Ends Life With a Bullet.
SEATTLE. Sept. 23.— A cablegram to
the local office of the Japanese steamship
line from Tokio pays that Marquis Ito
will arrive at Seattle on October 2, not at
Ean Francisco.
Ito Will Land at Seattle.
SEATTLE." Sept. 23.— Charles Stimson,
the California millionaire lumberman, has
challenged his brother, Fred S. Stimson,
to a twenty-five mile yacht [ race in the-
Straits of Fuca. ' The challenge has been
accepted and the race will take place on
Thursday. Tugs will take society crowds
out to view the sport.
• Charles ¦ Stimson owns the Olympic,
which was the fastest yacht in Seattle
until Fred Stimson built the Bonita. This
season the Bonita has beaten the Olympic
in every race, but Charles still believes
he has the best yacht. A handsome silk
banner has been offered by admiring
friends of the rival yachtsmen.
Charles Stimson Challenges Fred S.
Stimson to a Race in Straits
of Fuca.
BROTHERS TO MATCH .
THEIR EIVAL YACHTS
PRESIDENT GOES
TO WHITE HOUSE
"Equity and law are superior to the per
sonal welfare of an individual or of the
aggregations of Individuals, and equity
and law demand that the personal free
dom of the citizen, whoever he is, be
made sacred and secure. So long as this
freedom is respected the questions evoked
in the present strike may be left, in my
opinion, - to the men, employers or em
ployes, who are directly concerned In it,
although meanwhile all citizens
have many reasons to hope and pray
that brotherly love and calm counsel
will prevail both among employers
1 end employes, and that peace will
soon reign in the land." "'..:
"Neither State nor fellow citizens may,
Interfere with my personal liberty. This is
the very core of Americanism. This is the
teaching of national and Christian ethics.
It is not for me to dispute the benefits
that may be believed to accrue to the
worklngman from labor unions; nor am I
prepared to say from the Information that
comes to me through newspapers that in
the present strike unions pretend to short
en personal freedom of men that do not
join their ranks. But this may be ever
emphatically asserted and maintained as
an inviolable principle that however much
labor unions may have reason to widen
their muster rolls, and however much they
have the legal and moral, right to do this
through pacific and persuasive meth
ods, they must not attempt to wrest
from men outside their ranks the
right to work, or to seek to coerco
them into inactivity by illegal or un
just attacks upon their civil and
moral freedom.
City as to the strikes existing
in the country and the conduct of the men
who had left their employment. The views
of Archbishop Ireland on strikes and
strikers are as follows: ' "
"To employes entering willingly Into a
strike the matter Is one of their own per
sonal concern, and others have .but tb
concede to them their personal right to
act In such manner as they will. Men are
the masters of their hands and of their
labor; the liberty is theirs to work or not
to work, provided they understand the
consequences that follow and are satisfied
to accept and endure such consequences.
Not only Indeed Is this liberty at all times
theirs, but we must furthermore grant
that occasions may arise,' and do arise,
when a strike, however serious the conse
quences for the workman, is a means, and
at times perhaps the sole means, through
which rights appertaining to them and
which are of vital importance to their ul
timate welfare can be secured. When it
is that under this aspect of things strikes
may be allowed, or even commended, is a
question to be determined by close exam
ination of the circumstances of each par
ticular strike. \ '¦ ...'.¦• ¦_. ,
"I am laying down general principles of
ethics— not deciding the merits of any. par
ticular case. But while the right to enter
upon a strike is and must be conceded as a
right belonging to the personal freedom of
workingmen, this must ever be demanded—
and in the name of the same principle
of personal freedom under which msn
may refuse to work— they who cease
to work must in no way interfere
with the liberty of others who may
wish to work. The personal freedom
cf the 'individual citizen is the most
sacred and precious* inheritance of
Americans. The constitution and the
laws authorize it; the spirit of tho
country proclaims it; the prosperity
of the people, the very life of the
nation, requires it. Whatever. the
other interests at stake, that of per
sonal freedom of the individual out
ranks them all, and this must be sus
tained even if those are to be sacri
ficed.
ARCHBISHOP JOHN IRELAND
6f Minnesota, who is recognized
as one of the greatest students
and authorities on economic
problems, was v interviewed on
August 9 last while in New York
McKenna, Senator Penrose,- Senator
Prltchard, Senator Millard, Senator Cock
erell. Senator McComber. Representatives
Babcock of Wisconsin, Bingham of Penn
sylvania, Lester of Georgia. Long of Kan
sas, Martin of South Dakota, Kehoe of
Kentucky, Prince of Illinois, Gibson of
Tennessee, ex-Secretary John W. Foster,
ex-Senator Blair, ex-Senator Carter, ex-
Representative Handy of Delaware. Gov
ernor Merriam, director of the census;
Commissioner Evans, Assistant Secretary
Ryan of the Interior Department and Dr.
I. S. Stone of this city.
"We have prayed for the President's
life, but it did not please God to grant
our petition. Let no one Infer from this
that our prayers were in vain. No fer
vent prayer ascending to the throne of
heaven remains unanswered. God an
swers our petitions either directly or In
directly. If he does, not grant us what
we ask he, gives us something equivalent
or better. If .he has not saved the life of
the President he preserves the life of the
nation, which is of more' importance than
the life of an individual. He has infused
into the hearts of the American people a
greater reverence for the head of the na
tion and a greater abhorrence of assassin
ation. He has Intensified and energized
our love of country and our devotion to
our political institutions." .
"Let it be understood, once for all.
that the authorities are determined to
crush the serpent of anarchy when
ever it lifts its venomous head.
"The most effective way. to stop
such crimes is to inspire the rising
generation with greater reverence for
the constituted . authorities , and a
greater horror for any insult or injury
to their person. All seditious lan
guage should be suppressed. Incen
diary speech is too often an incentive
to the acts of violence to many with
whom the transition from words to
deeds is easy.
"It Is a sad reflection that some fanatic
or miscreant has it In his power to take
the life of the head of the nation and to
throw the whole country into mourning.
It was no doubt this thought that inspired
some writers within the last few days to
advise that the President henceforth ab
stain from public receptions and hand
shaking and that greater protection
should be given to his person.
"You might have him surrounded with
cohorts, defended with bayonets and have
him followed by argus-eyed detectives,
and yet he will not be proof against the
stroke of the assassin. Are not the
crowned heads of Europe usually attended
by military forces? And yet how many
of them have perished at the hand of
some criminal. The strongest shield . of
our chief magistrate Is the love and de
votion of his fellow citizens.
"As President he was thoroughly con
versant with the duties of his office and
could enter into its most minute details.
His characteristic virtues were courtesy
and politeness, patience and forbearance
and masterly self-control under very try
ing circumstances. When unable to grant
a favor he had the rare and happy talent
to disappoint the Buppllcant without* of
fending him. The domestic virtues of Mr.
McKiniey were worthy of all praise. He
was a model husband. Amid the press
ing and -engrossing duties of his official
life he would, -from time to time, snatch
a few moments to devote to the invalid
and loving partner of his Joys and sor
row*. ' •
"Few Presidents "were better equipped
than, Mr. McKiniey for- the exalted posi
tion which he filled. i .- -
"Whatever may have been the errors
of Judgment on the part of the late,Presi
dent (and who is free from them?), no
man can honestly charge him with
tyranny or official 'corruption. .
"The Redeemer of mankind was be
trayed by the universal symbol of love."
If 1 may reverently make the comparison,
the President was betrayed by the uni
versal emblem of friendship. The Presi
dent could have said to his slayer, 'Be
trayest thou the head of the nation with
the grasp of the hand?' He was struck
down surrounded by a host of his fellow
citizens, every one of whom would gladly
have risked his life in defense of his be
loved chieftain. . ,-. \"
of seditious language and incen
diary speech. The eulogy of the. Cardinal
was a masterpiece of eloquence and is
here reproduced;
"It has been my melancholy experience
In the course of my sacred ministry to
be startled by the assassinations of three
Presidents of the United States.
"In the annals of crime it is difficult to
find an instance of murder bo atrocious,
so wanton and meaningless as the assas
sination of Mr. McKiniey. ,
CARDINAL GIBBONS, In deliver
ing a eulogy on the life of the
martyred President William. Mc-
Kiniey last Thursday in the
cathedral at Baltimore, Md.,
dwelt forcibly on the suppression
FATHER PETER C. YORKE, in
addressing a mass meeting of the
strikers last Saturday evening,
gave utterance to the following
sentiments:
"The trouble is that when he
(the employer) bargains with you,
he does not want to bargain with you as
a man: when he hires you, he does not
want to hire you as a reasonable • being:
when he employs you, he does not want
to employ .you as an American citizen,
but he wants to bargain with an animal,
and to hire a man; he wants to have In
his service something which will do noth
ing but put out work, and never think
that it has a soul.. •' ,\ . <
"You have here in San Francisco
the Employers' Association, which is
a union of rich men specially started
lor the purpose* of crushing out all
the unions of poor men. * * * That
is the plan of campaign. Do not mistake
it. You can see it before you as clearly
as you can; see your way. It is the de
struction not only of the Teamsters' Un
ion, but the destruction of every union in
San Francisco; that is their aim, and the
destruction of them in order that you
men, American citizens, equal before the
law with them, endowed with the same
rights, having the same souls, but hav
ing perhaps higher aspirations, and hav
ing, I believe, cleaner lives— that you are
to be their chattels, their slaves, to
be treated far worse than chattels or
slaves were treated in the days of old.
"All the people that are in any way con
nected with business and with the Em
ployers' Association, with the hiring of
men or living upon them, whether living
on their father's money or, like present
barnacles, living on some rich millionaire
to-day— all these people have put them
selves together on one side; they have all
massed themselves against you; they are
there Just as are a herd of cattle when
they are attacked by wolves— they all
come together, put their heads down to
the ground. 60 .have all the rich men and
hangers-on of the rich men of the city
got together— against what? Against the
teamsters? Not' much. Against the long
shoremen? By no means. .Against every
rran and every^ woman who is earning
wages in the city of San Francisco, In the
State of California.
"The second way in which you can
help them is by not only paying your
money into the strike fund accord
ing to your means, but also by tak
ing care that none of your money gets
into thfl pockets of those that are
fighting you.
"So I say to you, no matter whether it
be store, wholesale shop, newspaper, or
any other business that is against you in
this fight, let every man and every wo
man, and let every child, too, say to him
self and herself, 'I will go without if I
can do without in any way, rather than
patronize such a one.'
"Three of the papers of this city have
been pitching into you pretty hard. They
have been slandering you in their news
columns and they have been writing you
up in their editorials. One of the papers
has been standing up for you. And now,
when this terrible crime stained our coun
try only a few days ago. instead of de
cently keeoing their little, miserable
squabbles to one another, nothing
would do them but to stand over the
bier of our martyred President and
{alk like fish-women. They did that,
not that they cared a rap about Mr.
McKiniey, not that they cared a whit
about the constitution- of this coun
try, but simply because they thought it
would injure a rival: that it would help
their business and extend their circula
tion.
- "Put not your trust in politicians. Put
r.ot your trust in political parties. I do
not care what the name of the party is,
I do not care who the' man. Is— I implore
you, my friends, do not put your trust in
politicians or in any political party.
"Let me tell you that whoever you elect
Mayor, I do not care what party he is
from— I am not talking against one party
now or the other; I am talking against
all .parties — I do not care by what name
they are called, the man who would be
elected by you would be just as far from
you as if y_ou took him and put him up
on top of Mount Shasta.
America's Cardinal
Denounces the Use
of Seditious Speech
Archbishop Ireland
States His Views
on Labor Strikes
Rev. Father Yorke Asks
the Unions to Fight
Their Employers
Mrs. J. T. Campbell has a very nice ex
hibit of Japanese and Chinese work,
which she collected while she was with
p*r husband, who was Consul at Fu
chow. • .
Mrs. Charles A. Lowe and Mrs. • T. J.
Geary have an Alaskan booth contain
ing antiques and curios from that Terri
tory. It attracts much attention.
A collection of old relics of the war Is
entered by C. C. Oliver of Forestville.
Among these are guns used in the Revo
lution, swords that date back to the
time before gunpowder was Invented and
shells from Philippine and Civil War
battlefields. v
Mrs. Pierce Preston has a corner of the
hall in which to show her Indian baskets.
She has many old and rare curios. C. M.
Eruner has quite an attraction in- his In
dian curios and baskets. He Intends hav
ing en old Indian woman making baskets
for the edification of the crowd. •
A costly and rare collection of paint
ings is the property of J. P; Stanley. This
is considered to be one of the finest collec
tions in the district.
A large apple thirty-six feet in circum
ference and . composed of as fine apples
as ever were grown, is near the center of
the pavilion. This is the display of L.
A. Gordon of Bellevue. Santa Rosa
Grange has a nice exhibit of fruit, flow
ers and pumpkins — one of the prettiest in
the fair.
Miss Mary Lyman of Santa Rosa pre
eent3 a new idea in her display of flow
ers and plants. She has a large, old-fash
ioned windmill, which turns as the
breezes strike it, and no larger or prettier
collection of plants could be shown. A.
R. Bucker and the Fountain Grove
Winery booth show fine displays of wines,
and Guy B. Grosse has a table on which
is exhibited his olive oil grown and bot
tled at his Rincon Heights ranch near
Santa Rosa.
At Ridgeway Hall, where the fine art
exhibit is to be seen, there are a number
of elegant and costly displays. The most
elaborate is the painting, carved wood
and • taney work of the ladies of Clover
dale. Mrs. E. F. Woodward of Santa
Rosa, has a beautiful collection of hand
painted china. Miss Anna York of
Healdsburg has also a display of her
work in this line.
Walter Armstrong of Sebastopol has a
pyramid of fruit with a large prune bear
surmounting it. All of this fruit was
raised on his own place.
The Sonoma County Horticultural So
ciety has an exhibit of splendid fruits and
vegetables, showing the different varie
ties of these grown In Sonoma County.
One of the most attractive displays Is
. that of Kopf & Donovan's grape and
¦wine house. It is a large house, made of
grapes. Within it is a large collection
of the various wines made by the Italian
and Swiss Colony of Asti.
Tho Merrltt Fruit Company, the M. L.
McDonald Jr. Company and Porter Bros,
each has a display of dried fruit.
Marin County is more in evidence at
the fair this year than It was last year.
A number of herds of cattle from that
coumy are on exhibition, as well as agri
cultural exhibits.
Among the unique displays to be seen is
that of Charles Riverman, a vegetable
grower, living near Santa Rosa, in the
center of his exhibit is an immense ear
of corn eight feet high -and three and a
half feet in diameter and made entirely
of corn in the ear.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 23.-The formal
opening of the fourth agricultural district
fair was postponed until, to-morrow night
on account of the downpour of rain here
since Saturday. The arranging of the ex
hibits was hindered eo much by the
weather that it was found impossible to
get the pavilion in readiness for to-night,
but by to-morrow the big canvas exhibi
tion hall will present a most beautiful
spectacle.
Mayor J. S. Sweet will deliver the open
ing address to-morrow evening and J. P.
Overton. president of the board of direct
ors of the fair, will make the introduc
tory remarks. Park's Santa Rosa, band
will give daily concerts from the band
stand in front of the pavilion.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Fine Displays Arranged in
the Great Fourth-Street
Pavilion.
Santa Rosa's Exposition
Will Be Dedicated
To-Night.
RAIN POSTPONES
FAIR'S OPENING
NEW CABLE LINE
TO PHILIPPINES
Will Connect California
With Our New Island
Possessions.
Projectors Expect to Have
Wire Laid to Hawaii
Within a Year.
ALBANY, N. Y., Sept. 23.-The Com
mercial Pacific Cable Company, with a
capital stock of $100,000, was incorporated
here to-day by John W. Mackay, Clar
ence H. Mackay, Edward C. Platt, Albert
Beck, George G. Ward, Albert B. Chand
ler and William W. Cook.
Respecting the purposes and prospects
of the new company Mackay said to-day
that the Commercial Pacific Cable Com
pany had been organized for the purpose
o£ - laying a submarine cable from Cali
fornia to the Philippine Islands by way
of Honolulu. The length of the cable will
be about 8500 miles, the part to be first
laid being from California to the Ha-"
waiian Islands. This portion, Mackay ex
pects, will be in operation within nine
months. The time required for the laying
of the remainder of the cable from the
Hawaiian Islands to the Philippine Isl
ands will depend upon how quickly the
cabe can be made, but Mackay believes
the 'whole cable will be completed -within
two years from this date. On August 23
Mackay made application to the United
States Government for landing rights in
California and the Hawaiian Islands and
the Philippine Islands.
The new company, Mackay announces,
is willing to lay the cable on the same
terms and conditions at San Francisco.
Honolulu and Manila, so far as landing
rights are concerned, as were imposed by
the United States Government on the
cable lines which have been landed on the
Atlantic coast of the United States. The
new company does not ask any subsidy
or any guaranty, which Is Mackay's rea
son for believing there will be no trouble
on agreeing with the Government on the
terms and conditions upon which the cable
will be landed. 1
The new cable when It reaches the Phil
ippines will connect at that point with the
present submarine cable running from
the Philippines to Japan and also
the cable running from the Philip
pines to China. A direct cable route
from China and Japan to the United
States will thereby be established. At
present cablegrams from China to the
United States have to be Bent by way of
Europe. Mackay says that the present
cable rates from the United States to the
Philippines and to China and Japan would
be reduced when the new cable is laid
from 30 to 60 per cent.
High. Price for Wiiie Grapes.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 23.— Wine grapes are
selling at a higher price in Santa Clara
County than at any time during the past
twenty years. Several contracts - were
closed on Saturday at $29 a ton, and grow
ers predict the limit has not yet been
reached. The Wine Growers' Association
Is offering $25 a ton, but independent buy
ers, to prevent being shut out. are offer
ing more. Growers have been reluctant
about accepting the $25 rate of the asso
ciation and sales have ranged from that
sum to Saturday's sale at $29, when one
of the largest vineyards i;i the southern
part of the county disposed of its crop at
that figure. It is asserted that with con
certed action among Pomona, Napa and
Santa Clara vineyard interests a rate of
$30 per ton spot cash will be in force in a
few days.
Bathers Fear a Eattlesnake.
. MONTEREY, Sept. 23.— A novel method
of disposing of rattlesnakes was adopted
last week 'by. a Monterey man,- and as a
result the frequenters of the water front
are in mortal terror of being bitten. E.
Michaelis, a barber, has had three full
grown rattlers in a cage in his shop for
some time. Growing tired of such dan
gerous pets, he decided to get rid of them.
He put them Into a box and threw the
box into the bay near the wharf. The
snakes speedily got. out 01! the box and
swam ashore, two of then being found
and killed in the fishermen's settlement,
but the third and largest la still at large.
Persons accustomed to a dally dip in tho
surf here fear an encounter with the ven
omous reptile.
Stanford Juniors Name Officers.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 23.—
The junior class at Its meeting this after
noon elected Cornelius Duane Hauverman
to the presidency. Hauverman Is a chem
istry major. He played tackle on the sec
ond eleven last year and Is trying for a
position on the varsity thli; season. The
other '03 men elected to office were: T. E.
Stephenson. vice president; W. I. Traeger,
secretary; F. F. Gundrum, treasurer; C.
Nanamore, sergeant at arms; C. B. Raitt,
athletic manazer.
Decides Against Becoider Pryor.
SAN RAFAEL., Sept. 23.— Superior
Judge Angellotti this morning; handed
down' a lengthy decision In the test case
of Recorder Pryor of Sausallto against
this county. Pryor sued for $9. alleged to
be due for services rendered in prosecu
tions In his court for violations of the
State law. ,
In the decision Judge Angellotti held
that Recorders of cities of the sixth class
could make no charge against the county.
The constitutionality of ths law In this
regard was upheld.' It Is possible that the
case will be taken to the Supreme Court.
TILE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1901.
AUSTIN, Tex., Sept. 23.— It' is reported
in Mexico railway circles that, the Atchl-
Bon, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Com
pany Is negotiating for the purchase, of
the Rio Grande, Sierra Madre and Pacific
'Railroad, which. runs southwest from El
Paso to Terrazaz. in the State of Chihua
hua, Mexico. If the deal Is consummated
it is proposed to extend the acquired line
eouthweat to the port of Guaymas, on th©
Gulf of California. Such purchase and.
extension would give the Santa Fe a new
direct outlet for its Oriental and much of
Its Pacific Coast • business. The' Rio
Grande, Sierra Madre and Pacific road
was Inspected a few days ago by a party
of high officials of the Santa Fe, and they
were well pleased with Its condition and
prospects. The proposed extension would
traverse; a large section of the trouble
some Yaqul Indian country, and the Mex
ican Government has offered a liberal
subsidy, for the building of a road through
that" region, as such a line .would ,be;of
great value from a military standpoint.
Negotiating for Purchase
of a Line Running
Into Mexico.
SANTA FE ROAD
IN A BIG DEAL
7HREE of the most eminent leaders of the Catholic church, Cardinal Gibbons, Archbishop Riordan and Archbishop Ireland, have re
cently given utterance to their 'sentiments as to tJie spirit of discontent and contempt for the supreme power of the republic fostered
by Hearst's yellow papers. ] In eulogizing the memory of the martyred President of the United States Cardinal Gibbons and
Archbishop Riordan denounced in positive language the .insults hurled at William McKiniey by the yellow sheets of Hearst.
Archbishop Ireland declared on August 9 last that the question of gbing out on strike was one that concerned personally, the men
who participated and that they had absolutely no right to interfere zvith employes outside of their ozvn ranks. . _ • .
' , Archbishop Ireland declared that all disputes between employers and employes should be settled between them, but that citizens not
concerned in the dispute might hope and pray that brotherly love and calm counsel would prevail between the disputants in order to bring
peace in the land.
Last Saturday evening Father Peter C^Yorke addressed, ai mass-meeting of strikers in thL city at Metropolitan Temple. He
advocated the cause of the strikers and the unions and denounced the owners of capital and the employers of labor. He advocated a boy
cott of every one zvhom the strikers considered an enemy, and declared that the aim of employers in this city was to reduce their em
ployes to the status of chattels and slaves. ' ' J 1 _ ' . . * ,
In the face of the condemnation of the, yellow press by the distinguished prelates of the Catholic church and by the entire respec
table community of the United States and the civilized world, Father Yorke defended the Examiner against the lashing rebukes it had re
ceived following the assassination of President William McKiniey. " _
FATHER YORKE'S VIEWS DIFFER
FROM PRELATES OF THE CHURCH
4
. ADVERTISEMENTS.
Pears' soap is nothing
but. soap. k »-£l
i Pure soap is as gentle as
oil to Ihe living skin.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
AU 6om of people u«< ft, all sorts of store*
ted Jt. f.fi iaJvcmirifistH.
For Stomach Disorders,
Cout and Dyspepsia,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
220 BROADWAY. N. Y.
/WkJi^ ftsSfte ft ft ft'**] . j
vtbc jp«rf«cfi©i* 6f/
\ \e*"rtn-if * \ V I I /
VkiifKbteHJ/
iBOTTLhUf THE DlSflLLERY^
' PURE-AEBCLJffHuLESaMg ? J
(tied in /tie Medcdt Departments of Me
U.S. ARMY $NAVY Service,
_. William^WOLrF § co.
I iSAN Francisco,". j distributors.*
'Sewort of/mttafiotti e» rvJMttt Bottles
DR.MEYERS&CO. MM%<.
Specialist. Disease* £?*?0? ] £
and weakness ot fp>l?y f
1881. Consultation TT) 4 lS
free, at office or by *"f5$,\ s*$£f>
call. Cures guar- \$£'Z$4£*&3*
anteed. 731 Mar- r&Pt^f-M
ket street (eleVa- i^V l t< f$&>{W '
tor entrance), San
Francisco. **^»i« vx* r
CANDY CB.THAnTlCj.
Genuine stamped C C C. Never sold In bu&
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "iust as good.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE OAMIANA BITTERS. THK
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organs. Depot. 323 Market.
DIRECTORY
OF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Prlea Lists Mailed
on Application.
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. lat» Jacob Strahta
& Co. (est'd. 1832). 409 Market St.; uoon ln-
Btallment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE AND PIO IROX
J CWIT * Tfl 9M Battery Street.
J- V-WlLOUfl g WU-> Telephone MalnlMi.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JA9. ROYFS * Tft Shipping Butchers. 184
JA> DUIEd S l/U- cjay. Tel. Main 12M.
_____ OILg -
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & ELLIS.
413 Front at., S. F. Phone Main 1713.
LUBRICATING OILS. EN'JiIGN & McGUF-
FICK. 23 Spear St.. S. F. Tel. Main 6320.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
JT DAM IIVC 649 GOLDEN GATE AVB.
• V- AviuAIftE> Telephone Howard 1313.
Pioneer Dry .Goods Store.
Sells Ladies' and Children's Hose 5c a pair;
LadlP3" Linen Skirts, 33c; Slen's Fine Dres*
Shirts, worth $1. for 40c. at 105 Fifth street.
_ _ PRINTING. ~ "
EC. HUGHES, m J!Bg,. r ,
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDD CO..
23 First street. San Francisco.
LEADING BUSINESS COLLEGs OF THE WEST
24 Post it, San Frar Cisco. Cal.
Established Nearly 40 years. Open F.ntlra Tear.
Write for 80-page cataloro* (free).
Actual business bookkeeper: only expert ac-
countant* and reporters as teacher*: Ores*
¦horth&nd. the easiest, tautest and most read-
able. Day and evenlnz. FULL COUU3C. IW.
Positively cured by these
. Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too H«rtr
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dttzi-
ness Naasea, Drowsiness, Bad faste
&di° ct T h b^ d BW&*S£
Rcgufate th7 Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small PHI- « Small Dose.
. Small Price.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
• "THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
Everything that tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. $87.00
Buffalo and Return. October
3 and 4. Eeserve berths for
this famous train at 641
Market Street.
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AND \
THURSDAY, 9.00 A. M. f ON THE jj
SANTA FE
For a Lame Back! I
A Same back means that dull, aching pain over the fa
email of the back, or the "catchV which takes you as you ||
arise from stooping. That .arid all the symptoms of gen- a
eral debility and lust vitality which usually go with it I §|
cure with my new appliance. Lumbago, Sciatica, Rhcu- B
matism— I conquer them all in a lew days. *\ . H
Dr. McLaughlin— Dear Sir: -Before using your belt I suffered a great H
deal with kidney and liver trouble, but in on3 month after its applica- a
tlon I was greatly relieved "of these troubles and entirely cured of lum- y
.bagu, which I suffered fromin addition. I am always glad to recom- m
mend the belt. Yours very truly. DAN DOUGHEItTY. fig
- • 146 Boyce street, San Francisco, Cal. U
DR. MCLAUGHLIN'S ELECTRIC BELT. I
'You have heard of my Belt; your neighbors are being cured by it. It H
has taken me twenty years to learn how to apply electricity rijrht. and If
I give you the results of my experience in my modern appliance. It Is
gives a glowing heat— no burning, no shock. Cures while you sl*ep. . BJ
FREE TCS T. * want every sufferer from Lame Back and It3 H
bbbb ar\r\us allied troubles to call and test my Belt free. Or Kj
rtttHaaSJOiX, send for my.fre* book. Inclose this ad. .fig
Dr. M;C; iVljsl|aug:hlin, I
702 Market St., cor. Kearny, San *Fraacisco. Office hours 3 a. m. §1
. to 8:30 p. m.; Sundays 10 to 1; Never sold in drugstores or by ffl
agents. ... ¦,¦>.¦ ;¦; »Harriet Prescott Spofford lives on a
beautiful little island in the middle of the
Merrimac River, near Newburyport. forty
miles from Boston. A part of each win
ter, however, she spends in Boston and In
Washincton. .
The Santa Fe will sell tickets to Buffalo and
return October 3 and 4 for $87. .Free reclining
chair cars. Pullman's latest vestibuled palace
and tourist sleeping cars. Full particulars at
641 Market street.
Excursion to Buffalo.
. OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Sent 23— Stmr Maas
dam, from Rotterdam: Btmr Fumessia, from
Glasgow and Moville,- via St.' Johns, N. F.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived prior to Sept 23— Stmr
Gaelic, from San Francisco, via Honolulu, for
Hongkong-.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived SeDt 23-Stmr Pari-
Bian. from Montreal.
ST. VINCENT. C. V.— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr
Kintuck, from Tacoma. via Coronel. : "
KOBE— Sailed Sent 23— Stmr Kalsowo. from
Tacoma, for England.
YOKOHAMA— Sailed Sept 21-Stmr Duke ot
Fife, from Hongkong, for Tacoma.
KINSALE— Passed Sept 23— Stmr Bohemian,
from Xew York, for Liverpool.
GREENOCK— Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Numl
dian, for Montreal.
GIBRALTAR-Salled Sept 22-Stmr Trave,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York. .
; GLASGOW — Arrived SeDt 22^ — Stmr Samar
tian, from Montreal; Btmr State of Nebraska,
from New York.
BREMEN— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Barbaros
sa, from New York.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
BUTTE, Mont., Sept. 23.— The sliding
movement which has been doing consider
able damage to buildings and other prop
erty in different parts of Butte for sev
eral years has made it- necessary to close
the Never Sweat mine, the largest of the
Anaconda properties. It has been stated
that the deep shaft of the mine is seven
inches out of plumb, and the foundation
of the gigantic engines employed to ope
rate the mine has been so badly dis
placed that it has become unsafe to work
the engines. The foundation 'was con
structed at a cost of $40,000 and will have
to be rebuilt and the mine will remain
closed for some time. The entire Ana
conda Hill, as well as the hill upon wh'ch
the city Is built, has given frequent evi
dence of the strange movement of thc
earth, but the movement has been so
slight and gradual that no damage has
ever been done by it. Geologists claim
that the entire range of mountains about
Butte is constantly sliding and changing
and has been doing so for ages, to which
fact is due the crushed and raulty condi
tion of the veins and ore bodies of the
district.
Sliding Movement of the Earth
Makes It Unsafe to Operate
the Gigantic Engines.
VALUABLE BTrrrp MINE
MUST BE CLOSED DOWTC
"It is the spirit rampant in San Fran
cisco — the spirit of the Hearst newspapers
the spirit of the brutal lynchings " that
have taken place in the United States, the
spirit of lawlessness in politics and* cor
ruption in public office— that molded the
bullet which struck at American manhood
and virtue in the person of William Mc-
Kinley. We, as patriotic and loyal women,
feel that the time has come when further
temporizing with this spirit is criminal
weakness and that the forces of good citi
zenship should present a solid front to
the enemies of our civic and national life
and . by our united : effort exterminate
them. But we will never cure anarchy
with lawlessness. The will of the people
is the:law of the land, but not until that
will has achieved the dignity of a legal
expression can it rightfully be executed."
So spoke Mrs. Lou V. Chapin as she ad
dressed the women of the Ebell Club at
the fiist meeting of the season this after
noon. Continuing, Mrs. Chapin said:
"The grave in which we have laid all
that is mortal of our beloved President
but hallows more deeply for us all the
soil of. our native land, and from his dust,
watered by our tears, shall spring a
purer patriotism and a chastened national
consciousness.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 23.— "Under the
tolerance of our Institutions liberty has
been perverted Into license and free
speech has become advocacy of anarchy
and murder. For weeks, be it said to the
shame of California, we have been pas
sive observers of a condition of affairs in
our own State that is a menace to free
government."
Mrs. Lou V. Chapin Denounces Spirit
of Lawlessness Rampant in San
Francisco.
"FUHTHER TEMPORIZING
/ IS CHIMINAL WEAKNESS"
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept. 23.— A party
cf forty Danish proselytes for the'Mor
mon church passed through Kansas City
to-day, bound for Salt Lake. The party
is taking with It the, body of Christian
W. Christopherson, a former elder of the
Mormon church, one of the foreign mis
sionaries, who died in Denmark last Au
gust. Christopherson lived at Richmond,
Utah.
Proselytes for the Mormon Church.
If he ls ; elected we shall expect him to do
Just as the platform declares— that is, give to
the city a progressive, business-like and non
partisan administration of its affairs..
I do not doubt that the Republican City Con
vention will accept the judgment of the anti-
Tammany conference and nominate Low. I
notice that some people ¦ are trying to make
trouble among Independents and Democrats by
representing that I brought about the choice
of his name in the conference committee. Those
who believe this will do so 6lmply because
they want to. But everybody who has followed
the proceedings of the conference committee
must have seen that Low" was the only man
among those names canvassed who possessed
what is called "staying power."
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Senator Platt
has Issued a statement In which he says
in part:
Says He Would Give New York City
a Progressive but Non-Parti
san. Administration.
SENATOR PLATT BELIEVES
LOW WILL BE NOMINATED
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.-The |
part played by the battleship
Texas in the naval battle off
Santiago July 3, 1898, in which
the Spanish fleet under Ad
miral Cervera was sunk, was the basis of
the greater part of to-day's proceedings
In the Echley naval court of inquiry. Of
the four witnesses examined during the
day three had been officers on the Texas
curing the battle and two. of them were
new witnesses. These were Commander
George C. Hellner, who was navigator on
the Texas, and Commander Alexander B.
Bates, who was the chief engineer on that
battleship. Commander Harber, executive
officer and the chief surviving officer since
the death of Captain Philip, was recalled
The fourth witness was Commandei
Seaton Schroeder. executive officer on the
Massachusetts and now Governor of the
island of Guam.
The testimony several times during the
day was somewhat exciting, as it was
especially so when Commander Heilner
described the battle and the part the
Texas had taken In it. He said that when
the Brooklyn made its loop at the begin
ning of the battle it passed across the
Texas' bow at a distance not to exceed
Wj to 150 yards, and that, at the com
mand of Captain Philip, the Texas had
been brought to a dead stop.
Engineer Bates testified that the star
board engines had been stopped and said
be thought this also had happened to the
i;ort engines. Commander Heilner ex
pressed the opinion that three miles had
been lost by this maneuver and that part
of the machinery was deranged. He said
he considered that the Texas was m
greater danger when the Brooklyn crossed
liti bow than at any other time during
the battle.
His Chart Inaccurate.
On cross-examination Commander Hell
ner admitted having taken part in the
preparation of the official Kavy Depart
ment charts showing the positions at dif
ferent times of the ships which partici
pated in the battle. He said that accord
ing to the chart the two ships never were
nearer than 600 yeards of each other. But
be contended the chart was inaccurate,
and he said he had only consented to it
as a compromise.
Engineer Bates admitted that the offi
cial steam log of the Texas contained no
record of the signal to reverse the en
gines. Commander Schroeder testified
concerning the coal supply of the Massa
chusetts, which he eaid would have been
sufficient for a blockade of from sixteen
to twenty days.
Story of Santiago Battle.
The day closed with another animated
controversy between % counsel as to the
policy of bringing Admiral Sampson'*
name into the trial.
During his testimony Heilner said that
while the Texas was not in the engage
ment with the Colon on May 31. he had
seen some of the shots from the enemy
which had fallen short.
The witness was then asked to describe
the battle of July 3, and said:
The Texas had been heading about east when
the enemy w»« seen coming out of Santiago.
Lieutenant Bristol, who was officer of the deck
at the time, rang to go ahead full speed and
put the helm hard to starboard to make a turn.
When I got on deck he informed me of what
hud happened and I eent him below and as
turned charge of the deck. The captain told
me that he had eased their helm until they
could find which way the ships were going
and he also rang half Epeed. I suggested full
Ei-eed. He said the battery was not ready. I
told him it would be ready before the ship was
in position to fire, and then he eaid "All right"
and rang for full speed. When the second of
the enemy's ships followed the first to the
westward he put the helm hard to starboard. I
made several reports to him about the Brook
lyn regarding her signals. He said "Never
mind." I also referred to the way I thought
the Brooklyn was etanding up to fight — very
r.icely. The captain said, "Oh, crackle— never
mind the Broklyn. You look out for this
ship." The Brooklyn then was about on her
port beam, so I said, "All right, captain. I
will look after the Brooklyn no more." After
we sheered around and got to the westward I
suggested to give her a little port helm to get
closer in and he did. Right after he gave her
this helm he pang out through the sight hole
to the men aa the wheel and the engine-room
indicator to slow, then stop, and I said, "Cap
tain, they will all get away from us." He did
not answer me. but immediately stepped back,
end then I said. "My Lord, captain, we are
out of the fight." He said, "Look at the
Brooklyn." I turned around and right ahead
of us this big gray ship loomed out of the
smoke. For a second I thought my heart was
in my mouth. "We were steaming with a heavy
helm and ehe steered by us. When I saw her
phe was practically ahead of us. That is the
flm I taw. She sheered off and went to sea.
I should say. about 2000 yards, and then on to
westward. As eoon as the Brooklyn cleared
us we rang to go ahead and started up forced
draught again. After, that we simply followed
them as fast as we could on a line that was
3<2Et inside the line where the Oregon was en
gaging the ships. Just before this turn of the
Brooklyn the Iowa and the Oregon were both
close to us on our starboard helm. We con
tinued the chase until the Colon hauled down
ier flag, when the captain gave the order to
Etop forced draught.
Greatest Danger Prom Brooklyn.
Lemly— How near was the Brooklyn to
the Texas at the time you say you saw
her loom up out of the smoke?
"I did not make any estimate at that
time, but I came to the conclusion later
that she was between 100 and 150 yards
from us, which was a much longer dis
tance than Captain Philip thought it
was."
Lemly— Perhaps I should have asked
vou in the first place the position of the
Brooklyn relative to the Texas Just be
fore going into battle?
"She was almost astern of us. That Is
because we were headed almost east. She
should have borne west by northwest.
She was heading: for the land, and. I
thought she was stationed pretty nearly
on her north course. I did not see at first
any indications of turning and I thought
she was g-oing' rieht in."
"At what time during the battle of San
tiago do you consider that the Texas was
in the greatest danger?" asked Lemly.
Raynor objected, contending that such
This is an important point with us, and we
are prepared- with the authorities to maintain
it. I am not doing this ingeniously, but 'very
frankly. Notwithstanding the strenuous ef
forts of the learned Judge advocate to keep
Admiral Sampson out of this case, he cannot
Raynor replied:
If the court please. I object to this line of
argument. It does not make one particle of
difference what any one else did. You might
as well try to, prove that somebody else com
mitted a murder and say "he committed it,
and my roan Is not to blame." It is simply a
waste of ttime. It is nowhere within the scope
of the precept. It is endeavoring to go be
yond the precept. This is not an inquiry be
tween Admiral Sampson and Admiral Schley.
It Is a question between Admiral Schley and
the morale of the sen-ice, and these compari
sons .have absolutely no bearing upon it, either
in evidence or argument, and I object to this
Ingenious attempt to extend the scope of this
precept.
The judge advocate at this point Inter
posed an objection. He said:
I<emly's Objection.
There is one other point, and this Is all done
for the purpose' of really not delaying but prop
erly getting at the matter. 'We propose to prove
that on the 1st day of June the Colon was in
precisely the same position inside of the har
bor that she was on the 31st day of May when
Admiral Schley made the reconnoissance with
the Massachusetts and the New Orleans. Now,
we propose to show that when Admiral Samp
son came ud with the ships his ships saw the
Colon in the same position and, Instead of at
tacking it, steamed by and permitted her to go
further inside the harbor. Now, would not We
be Justified in not engaging in battle with the
Colon and the shore batteries at Santiago If
Admiral Sampson took the same course?
In other words, would Admiral Schley be cen
surable for maintaining the same character of
blockade that Sampson maintained? Would
Admiral Schley be censurable for maintaining
on the 28th, 29th, 30th and 31st of May the same
character of blockade, so far as distances are
concerned, that Admiral Sampson maintained
from the day he got there on the 1st of June
until the day of battle?
We do not propose to bring the name of Ad
miral Sampson into this controversy any more
than It is possible to do so. This is not a per
sonal controversy. We are not here for the
purpose of engaging in any personal contro
versy between Admiral Sampson and Commodore
Schley or adherents of either; we are not here
for the purpose of at present, without knowing
what . this case will develop, criticizing the
actions of Admiral Sampson, but it is abso
i lutely necessary for this court, in order to prop
erly investigate this case under the specifica
tions of this precept, to let us prove what Ad
miral Sampson did— not that we condemn what
he did or criticize what he did, or censure what
he did. We are not here now for the purpose of
condemning the fact, if it proves to be fact, of
the New York's leaving on the morning of the
battle: we are not here to criticize the blockade
that Admiral Sampson had at Santiago; but we
are here to establish this, or under the specifi
cations of your precept memorandums, to find
out whether- the blockade at Santiago was a
close or adequate blockade. Now, if we can
prove that it was, so far as distances were con
cerned, the same blockade that the commander
in chief maintained there, then we can Justify
the course of Admiral Schley, who was com
mander In chief before Sampson's arrival.
We have the absolute right' to show the situa
tion of the Xew York on the day of the battle,
and we have the right to show the connection
of Admiral Sampson in reference to the battle;
we have a right, for instance, to show that
Commodore Schley at Santiago maintained the
same sort of blockade that Admiral Sampson
maintained when he got there on the 1st of
June. So far as distances are concerned I think
we have the right to show— because one of the
specifications of this precept states— whether or
not a close or adequate blockade of said har
bor to prevent the escape of the enemy's ves
sels therefrom was established.
"Did you see the New York on the day
of the battle?" was then asked.
"Oh, yes; I think she was reported
coming up before the Viscaya went
ashore. She was the last ship."
Here the judge advocate interposed to
ask the purpose of tnis inquiry.
Raynor replied that it was "to show
when the ships went there. We are go
ing to show," he continued, "the position
of th« New York on the day of the
battle."
He then proceeded at some length to
outline the position of the applicant,
saying: •
New York the Last Ship.
Continuing, the witness said that If the
New York had shown any signals he had
not seen them.
"Looking back," responded the witness,
"I know that the time of the greatest
danger to the Texas was when the
Brooklyn loomed up out of the smoke
rigiit ahead of us."
Raynor questioned the witness at
length concerning signal lights at Clen
fueg-os, and the latter said he had not
known until after the arrival of Captain
McCalla on the Marblehead on May 24
that there was to be a system of signals
for communication with the Cuban allies
on the shore. Nor had he known until
then that Cervera's fleet was not inside
the harbor at Cienfuegos.
"Did you see any signals from the New
York on the day of the battle?" asked
Mr. Raynor.
"We did not receive any signals from
that vessel on that day until In the after
noon," replied the witness.
opinions were shut out by a previous
ruling of the court.
The court overruled- the objection and
the Question was repeated.
On re-direct examination Commander
Hellner said that the squadron had made
no effort to destroy the Spanish fortifica
tions on shore at Cienfuegos. j He said
that but for tho delay of the Texas in the
Santiago battle, caused by the Brooklyn,
the Texas would have been able to get
further in ami nearer the Colon, and
ships that wera on her bow would have
been broadside on.
I have made these remarks not for the pur
pose of arguing the question, but because the
gentlemen on the other side have argued it
and have spread their views on the records
and .then withdrawn for the second or third
time, I really forget which, this question. We
are ready to meet it when it comes, squarely
and honestly.
Hanna replied briefly, to Raynor, saying:
It is an impossibility to leave the record
in this condition without a word further. Tho
suggestion made is that Admiral Sampson's
blockade be taken as a standard, as a model,
as a type of perfect blockade, and if Admi
ral Schley's blockade comes up to that stand
ard it is to be accepted as satisfactory. We
object to taking any impertect blockade.
One. further word in regard to the sugges
tions Just made as to the intention to show
that Admiral Sampson was not in this battle.
I wish to say that we do not understand that
the question whether Admiral Sampson was
or was not in the battle of Santiago is before
the court. If it is, we shall be happy to in
vestigate it. We are here to find out all the
facts, but we do not care to roam around Into
outside matters, but if that question is led up
to In any legitimate way, or it' any line which
this inquiry institutes will lead to Admiral
Sampson and properly and legitimately bring
him before the court, we shall offer no objec
tion to the prosecution of such an inquiry!
Until the case takes that attitude it is im
proper to introduce into the examination ques
tions which proceed upon the theory that he
is in the case. . If the counsel can bring him
into the case fairly, squarely and honestly, let
that be done, and we will join them in puch
inquiries as may be necessary and proper in
the pursuit of that investigation. Until that
is regularly and squarely done, or until the
case takes such an attitude that it is neces
sary, in the fulfillment of the duty Imposed
upon this i court to make such an investiga
tion, it is idle, it is Improper and inappro
priate to introduce arguments and questions
which proceed upon that false hypothesis.
Not Fairly in Case.
The reason I do not care to argue this case
now is because I regard it as one of exceed
ing importance, and I do not think we ought
to precipitate this argument until I have fully
considered it and until some point is reached
in the case where the court must pass upon
the whole question. I may just as Well indi
cate here, first as last, what I regard to be
some of the important features of this -case.
Of course your Honors- know we proposs to
show, and I propose to show beyond all ques
tion, that Admiral Sampson from first to last
was not in the fight at all, and therefore Ad
miral Schley had thrust upon him the re
6ponsibllty of this battle, but I am not go
ing to argue it now. . So . I venture to sug
gest that when we come to a witness that
knows something about these things we will
ask him a question that will develop some
thing in regard to it, if the court then deem
proper, that that would be the best time to
argue it, and if it suits the convenience of the
court and my friend on the other side and
my assistants, I prefer to take it up then.
The judge advocate — That is perfectly
satisfactory. . ,
I will say to' the court that if we are to be
excluded now, we are to be excluded in all
of our testimony. If Admiral Schley comes
on the stand and we ask the question: "Were
you on your station on July 3?" and he says:
"I was there because Admiral Sampson put
me there," are we to be prevented from asking
that question because we are putting Admiral
Sampson into the controversy?
Judge advocate— That I did not say.
After, some further sparring Raynor
withdrew the question, saying: that Wil
son wanted to arg-ue it before the court
and did not wish to take it up at this
time. Wilson said:
Raynor added that they further wanted
to prove that on the morning of the 3d of
July the Brooklyn had her proper station
in the blockade line under the orders of
Admiral Sampson. He did not know as
those matters could be proved by. this
witness.
Raynor further said: •.
Where Sampson Put Him.
Raynor — I have not .concluded. The court
cannot decide until I have concluded. We pro
pose to prove that when Admiral Schley with
drew from the reconnolssance against the
Colon and did not come in contact with the
shore batteries, he did it under a general regu
lation of the navy which required it of him,
and that Admiral Sampson passed by the
Colon at thirty minutes after 6 o'clock on
June 1 and saw her lying there and never pre
tended to attack her. Do you mean that we
have not any right to justify our conduct and
actions by the conduct and actions of the com
mander-in-chief? You will find you can't keep
Sampson out of this. You cannot keep him
constructively from the presence of this court.
You may actually, but not constructively. It
is impossible.
keep him out. I wish to be understood as not
saying one word in derogation of Admiral
Sampson, nor to censure him, but to show the
court that what we did was under the orders
of Admiral Sampson, and that he did pre
cisely t,he same things we did. I do not think
(addressing Judge Advocate Lemly) you have
any right to interrupt me in an argument.
The Judge Advocate — I want to say here,
then, that as an officer of this court, when I
think there Is an improper argument I deem It
my duty at any time to interrupt, and the
court must rule upon the fact as to whether
I am. right or not.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1901.
After a Witness Says the Texas Was More in Danger From the
Brooklyn Than the Spanish Ships, the Counsel for Schley
Clearly Outline What They Purpose to Prove to the Court
SCHLEY'S ATTORNEYS DECLARE
SAMPSON WAS NOT IN THE BATTLE
DURING the examination of witnesses before the naval court of inquiry yesterday the
attorneys for Rear Admiral Schley stated plainly that they would* prove later that
Schley's every act in the Cuban campaign had been strictly governed by the instruc
tions of Rear Admiral Sampson, the commander-in-chief of the American fleet; that Schley
maintained precisely the same kind of blockade as did Sampson after the arrival of the latter,
that Schley's failure to destroy the Spanish cruiser Colon was exactly the same stand taken by
Sampson later; that Admiral Sampson did not participate in the battle of July 3 in Santiago
Bay, when the Spanish fleet under Cervera was annihilated, Schley, who was then a commo
dore, being solely in command of the victorious ships flying the stars and stripes.
5
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
a Dr. Gibfeon's Dispensary,
629 HEARSTST. .Established
in 1H54 for the treatment of Private
DiMeanes. Lnst Mmtiood. T)«>bl!lt.v or
rtisfasf wen rtnjron body and min<1 ami
Skin Diseases. Tbe Doctor cures vr he a
rrthert fail. -Try him. «!h«.rg;f»s low.
<'nre« eaarantrrd. CitliorwrU*
I»ir. J. I*. tiXUKStX.Bka. JS^incIaco, CfctT '-'_l v '-
THE SHORT LINE
RATE TO
Buffalo
Exposition
$87-
ROUND TRIP
- — VIA '
Union Pacific.
S}4 DAVS TO BUFFALO.
4 DAYS TO NEW YORK.
' ¦ 14 Hours Ahead of All Competitors. '
THREE TRAINS DAILY
PULLMAN AND TOURIST SERVICE
SPECIAL.
Personally ' Conducted Tourist Excursion
leaves San Francisco at 8 a. m., Sacramento
at 11:55 a. m.. October 4th.
TICKETS ON SALE ;
OCTOBER 3d and 4th. -
D. W, HITCHCOCK, General Agent,
/ ' , 1 Montzomery St., S. F.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
:,¦'¦: -;'r TU8MMUwrmr-rMi.fM»rkMBi. . >
8.00a.m. 1 • *-. 12:lftp.k.
9«0a. m. 1:15 r.M.
10KWA.M. I lUNDin . S^Op. M.
laOf. M. - 6-Mr.u.
2J0 P. M.J . '¦ . 7:10 r.M.
•- ¦ run. 8u rnMlM. *• Siaialt safl KMarn. fl.M ¦
Ticket Offices, 6^1 Market St., & Sansnlito Ferry.
Weekly ¦: Call, $1 per .Tear
RAILWAY TRAVEL, f.
CALIFORiNIA NORTBWESTERN RY. CO.
LjESSHJH!
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Ferry. Foot or Marfctt Mi
Stm Francisco to tan Kat'ae .'
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:UU, ll:U0 a. m. ; 12 35
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 d. m. Saturdays— extra trips at 1:50
and 51:20 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:10.' 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-ti:10, 7:50, K:20, ll:iu a m ¦ 1245
.8.40, 6:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at i:oi
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m. . ' . , ,
' Leave j In Effect T Arrive
San Francisco. |Aprll 28. 1901. [ San Francisco.
"Week I Sun- j " 1 Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. [ days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am , Novato, lolio am 8:40 am
.8:30 pml 9:30 am Petaluma.' 6:05 pm 10:25 am
5:10 pm| 5:00 pm Santa Itosa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
5:00 pm HeaicJsburg, 10:40 am
Lftton.
¦ Geysorville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm C:20 pm
7:30 ami 6:00 pml Hopland 110:40 am 110:25 am
8:30 pm| 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 amllO:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:00 pm • - ¦ ( 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
¦ and
6:10 pm 5:00 rm Glen ICIlen.. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 am] • 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 6:00 pml Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White ( Sulphur Springs; at Fulton ¦
for Altrurla; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skagga Springs; at • Clovcrdala
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springe, Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad I Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs ; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lake?. Laurel pell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upp?r Lake, Fomo. Potter Valley,
John Day's, Klvenlde, Llerley's, Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln ¦ Heights. Hullville, Orr's "Hot
Springs. Mendocino City," Fort. Bragg, . West-
port. Usal, Willlts, Laytonville, • Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris,. Olscn's, Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka. ¦¦¦¦''.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duecd rates. ¦>¦¦¦¦¦¦• -. ¦ ¦ . ¦ . " . • - , . _ .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. ¦
Ticket office, 650 Market street. Chronlcla
building.- .,,„.
H. C. WHITING. . R. X. RYAN,*
Gen. Manager. -. Gen. • Pass . Agt. ,
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
' . • Commencing April ffl, 1H0L
FROM SAN KKANClrfCO TO Al^Lu VALU8T
. AND SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 6:55, 8:30. *»:3O. 11 a. m..
12:45 •1:45. 3:15. 4:15, 5:15. *6:15. 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill .Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:20 and 11:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7 :<W. 8:00. *9:00. nO:00. 11:00. 11:30
a m.. 12:45. »l:30. 2:30. »3:4E. 5:00, 6:00. 7:3J
p. m. 11:00 a. m. doea not run to Saa R.iraei
Trains" marked (•) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAKL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
AVEEK DAYS— *3:23. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. • 1O:1J
a m.. *12:2S. !:«. 2:20. *3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
'"EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:00 p. m. ¦
SUNDAYS— 6:15. ¦ •8:00. 9:45. - '11.-00 a. m. «13
n,.. l:0O. ?:15. »3:30. 4:30. 'SAS. «;45. 7:30. ioaS
p in. * . '
"Trains marked <•) start from San Quenttn <
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCIiSCO
WEEK DAT8-5:45. -6:45, • 7:53, 8:53, , M:3 j
a. m., 12:35. 1:43. 2:45. 3:50. 6:10. 6:20 p. m:
• EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 at tn. js-li'
1:20. 2:30, 3:45. 5:00. 6:15, 7:13. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
«:53 a..m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. .-.-.'
3:15 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . ¦ .'
l.-OC-a. m. • Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. ¦ . , . •. "
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way «t*-'
uons. . -.. j ¦¦.-. .. .¦ ; . ¦
Via Sausallto perry.
¦.•"¦¦ RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Tr»lu« iMft nurl nrt> 4n* to nrrln ••
KAN riUNCINCtt.
(Main Un». Foot of MurHet S>r««t.y .-'v
lbat* — From Jclt 1*. 1301. — arriti
~:OOa Beulds, Suiauu, Elmlrm and JUcra-
mooio.... « •:S.1*
7«6Oa Vic*»lllo, Winters, Kuma«y 1i33t
<i8«a M«rUu«x,S>auUaiuoii.Vaile]o.K»|«,
C»Uiti)ga»nila»ut» Roia, 9:93f
SiO«* Dmrla, Woodl&ud. Kalf UU Landlar.
MsrjaTllle. OrotllU.. 7i31*
8:Of»* Atlsutie Kipreu— Ogdoii »atl Emi 18:33 f
*:»»a KUea, JUthrap, Stockion ?t**t
. BtaOANllea, MendoU. B*nford. V1mU«,
Porterrille 4i33y
SiSOa Shut* Kxprea— DaTik WjOtema (tcr
Bartleti Springs), Willow, Una <U
Bluff. Fo«l»iid. 7i33f
¦ i»O* 8»h Jose. Llvennore, Htooktou.
loua. Kaerainrato. PlaoeTfill«,
M»rjiTlll«. Cblco, llel Itluir 4i*5f
¦>3Oa OskdaJe. Chlnesa (Yosemltc), 8o-
nora,Carten 4iS.1r
B:OOa IUtwhJ, Nil«i and Way StoUoai.. I IiAAa
>i«Oa Vallejo 1X1*3*
HiOWaLos Ad(*I«s Erprots — Martinez,.
Trioy, iiathrop. Mtocktno, Mtror J
Fremio and Loi Aosolea 7<S3t
»i3Oa Vullujn, Martinez ami Way Station! ?i.13r
1O:O<»A Th« OretUiKlLln.Hea— Ogdon. De»-
Ter, U.u»ha. Chicng. at«3»
fliOWr Sacrauinnto Itlrav Sioiinan |St4l«A
S<3»r Haywftid, Hn-» and W«« Htttlom.. 7:33 r
4i(>«r UeuiclH, Wlnken. Smornnento,
WuiHtland. KiituliU Ijudlue.
M.rj.Tllln. OcoTille I«:33a
4:tie>r tlartlnex, Haii IUuioii, V»!leji>,
Nai». t:»IUti ( ga. UhhU Itota n,** K
4tOOr Nile*. LlTermors. Stcokton. Lodl... 19*3r
4>aur Haywatd. Nilea, Sail Juw, LWtrmora |SriM«
4i3of Port Coo a. Tracy, Lathrop, Sfckt-a IwiSSa
3:WOrTho Owl IJmltetl— tx—an, Tulare.
.. . Baitenflsld, Maiigm for Saiita Bar-
- bara, Los Auanlei -. 9.-.1.T*
. StOOp Martin* r. Antloch. Stockton, Mar-
eed, Froaao 19:23r
3iO«>p Yosemlt*.... 1*M»
St30p New Orleans Expres «— Mendot.i, -
Fresco, Bakersttaid. Los Angclei.
UcinlOf. El Paso, Kew Orleans
and Etst Ti!J3a
¦:OOr Hay rraril, Nilea mid Han Jose 7.33 »
tO:O»r Vallsjit IliSOi
• iO«»r OrieuUl Mall— Of -.Ion, CUeyemu.
Omalia. CUtCAgn 13.13 r
tiOOr Orieutal M»ll— Ogdon, Dan*ar.
St. Louis. Chimeo. «>aa#
7i*Or Oregon auil Calllorula Kx|iraM,Hs3<
imiifliitii. Marjntillo, Kmlilhn:,
l'urtlmiii. I'HKet Kotmtl mul Kb it StS-i*
»i«!»r a»u Pablo. Fiwt Costa. MarUnes
»¦..! Way tftatioua I !¦».•%*
t8iO3r Vallfjow 7i3>»
. COAST LINE (Karnra Uhh^s).
(KoototMnrketStracU
{7 >43a Saota Onu Excursion to rianta Cru
and Principal War Stations J"iO3»
Sil3« Newark. Oniitervllla.^ari.Tuie.FrUott.
UoiildarCrvsk,.SautaOriizaiHlW(.y
Buttons : 3.3o»
fBilap Newark, Cenlet»lll«. San .Inw, Nn»
Almaileu, Fulton, liouMar Creole,
Bantu Cmx and Trluelpal TVay
SUUons I«jSSa
4iI3f> Newark. Man Joae. Lot Gatos tMt»«A
• «slSpOlenwood.BonlderCr«ek, BantaCrns <At3O*
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
mm Si I FJiSCISCO-foo; of Xuktt Street (Slip 8)—
17:16 »:00 ll:00*.ll. 1:33 3:33 3:X5<--*I.
fr»m0Hl»»D— r«l •!Bt««iw.».— tS:OO f.00 !3:C»
18:0O«.M. 13:00. 2:CJ ~ i:3J r.M.
COAST LINE (Itroail «*m 5 h).
{Thlr.l »nd Townsenii Sto.)
' e:l«A San Jcseand Way Htationa. «:U«»a
17:«Oa Hau Josowml Way Stntlmis ls»«p
/7iU«A Nsw Alniadeii /4S10V
J1i;«Oa Bund»y Bzcursion for tian Jut, •
Hanti Cruz. r»ct3c Groro aid '
• - ' ¦ Principal Way SUtiooH... tSs?«r
••••A Haii .)<)««. BoUuter. Hmitu i*thx.
«• • - r»"cilic Urufo, balints. daa l.cli -
Obisyo, Santa Barbara ami Pilu* '
* cipal intoranediate.SUllt.ns.. ....... 7iRi*y
¦OtSOA San Jvie and Way Stations. CsSop
II:»i>a San .lima nmt Wa| HUUou JiiUoy
t2tl»r San Mateo, Uedwoo.1. Menlo Park.
Palo Alto, Nanta Clara. Han .)<*«,
Ho'.l.'ster, Saiiti l.'riu. Salluit.
Monterey ami l'nclrte llrurn 110:43k
«i3« r San .loir, Trea Plooa. Santa, Crnz.
. " Padflo Qrore a»<l Wiy 8tniioi>a 4:1i»t
- M:13r San Jo*eaii<l PrineipaJ Way Stations «:»•"»*
tSiOOr San Jos«>, Lot G»tos »ud Pxinciral
Way SUUons {OtOOi
' SiXOr Ran J<m« anil Prlnolpal Way RUtlftMS H:;i3 A
•<OOr Redwood. Pan Joa«. Gllmy. Salioaa,
¦ ' ' 8*Mt» Uatbara. Los Aogclea 1O:O3*
«:3Op San Jose ami Way stations t*:«»*
>IIi45p San JfgnnnJ Way SUtloiis.. 7:.tO»
. . A for Morning . . P f ar A ft«iiioo>.
" tHu.xUf Bicoi.ted. ' t Sunday onij.
« Saturday only. • Monday.
• tetuday in t Bunday. / Iuudiya and Triiujx
Parasites Cause All Hair Troubles.
Nine-tenths of the diseases of the scalp
and hair are caused by parasitic germs.
The importance of this discovery by I'ro-
fessor Unna of the Charity Hospital,
Hamburg, Germany, cannot be over-
estimated. It explains why ordinary ha!r
preparations, even of the most expensive
character, fail to cure dandruff; because
they do not. and they cannot, kill the
«3ajjdruff germ. The only hair preparation
In the world that positively destroys the
dandruff parasites that burrow up tbe
scalp into scales called scurf or dandruff
Is Newbro's Herplcide. In addition to Its
destroying: the dandruff, ¦germ -Herplcicie
is also a delightful hair dressing, mak-
ing the hair glossy and soft as silk.
DK: BALL'S REINVIGORATOfiffrra*
Five hundred reward lor any BT|i| |il
<ai»e v.e cannot cure. This tecret B«'* "^P
iemedy Btope losses in 24 hours. I fcg
cures Emissions, lmpotency. Varl- RfJO fUffS
cocel». Strictures, Gleet, Drains, fwj frHfl
Lost Manhood and all other wast- UjlJ LLTJ
!ng effects cf self-abuse or excesis- |8Is__M9«
*-f. Sent sealed, J2 bottle: 3 bottles, liB*!»B£"*3!ia
|5; guaranteed to cure any case. Address
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 855 Broad-
Way. Oakland, Cal. Also for eale at 10T3H
Market et.. B. F. All prlvato diseases quickly
cured. Send for free boos.
Santa Fe Trains
Lfave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ibvrl'd Lo^al
Dally ? Dally Dally
I..V. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:2) p
Ar. gtockton.. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:15 p
" Merced.... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:lt p
" Fresno.... 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:03 a 10:3) p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
•• Vlsalia.... 3:40 p 4:43 a
"Bakrsneld 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
" Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" Chicago.... 2:15 p 9:00 p .;.
a for morning, p for afternoon. ™~
•9 a. m. train is the California Lim-
ited, leaving: Monday and Thursday or>ly
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Din In?
. Cars through to Chicago. ; Chair Car runs
to Bakersfield for accommodation' of local
first-class passengers. No . second-cl*ss
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. v
4:20. p. m. is Stockton and Fresno local.'
•Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p m.
dally.
8:00. p. m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free fteelininff Chair Cars to ChlcaRo; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:33 p. m.
dally. , , , : .
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfield Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Cor-e-
eponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices — 6)1 -Market street and in ?>rry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway, Oa.k-
.land. • • • •
To-Morrow, Wednesday, at 9 a. m.
The doors will open at 1506 Market street
with -the sale of Men's and Women's
Shoes, worth $2 50, for $1 a pair. All styles
and sizes, good quality and well made.
1000 pairs will be sold at the Boston Shoe
Co., 1506 Market st., above City Hall ave.*
THE EMPORIUM. | . \' THE ; EMPOBITO. | [THE EMPORIUM. | THE EMPORIUM.
|£r Some Tuesday S'alesW^W
I todsukoiine 8c. Of More than Usual Importance. Loom Ends \
K aooo y.rdi of y«rd wide Sillcollne for window mKA , m 3»
f drap«, m»ntel diap?r, etc., and tor covering . » — « - . F£np» StihhnnG S
tf crmti rtrr<, all nrlected pittcniB,' our regular /~ . Mq%Q L%i$m *««Cr flJ bit BS %J 3 B & U .J
•T ' ioc quality. On special ta'e to-day . A I/ ; ' A /f^l^-J^. TV. j >t %.• .- . , "x
K only, per yard «9C JUtl W^W* ™o-day ends the selling ot thousand J
If • • *?Sr2p L^, T . aV&O MjS^fS of yards ofthii season's novelty weaves, •{[
K esn** Jl WMm*mm*m*». ****** ' \ JrtT/^ / finest good$ manufactured, such as ?
5 SOC Albums 29C. Jtf. • n f #*« . S$ Mervcmcu*. Liberty Satin, T.f. S
?» Now is the time to rmunt your vacation pictures yfflfv. / f> I \ «#* mMBfUr r n •• . », , . • *J
5 in A bums. To-diy we offer you 'our hand- /\ HjA /\/ ( \ • ' griSlan ' ctc '* W lengths irom 2 J
*° tome) and latest style flexibl; Album, different • / | - f\ 1/ » V \ . e •+ ( V JC
K coiK-d leaves, fre'.tily bound, size 7x10 / / I f j K \ iwnS f& PEk > -'I S^ill^J ,*
fl inchef, regular y 50c each, for Q I j ( J y / \^" )' «9 TQ&R f^"*^n '%
K Men's Furnishings \ l\ ffl iL-r A &&' ©..r# —~*i r^t *
I M 1SS § : .fh. 1 \i\ 'Mm Overcoat |^wTV I
I S°!°£Ii PrV? c \^^J \ saie. JmP^ik* r& I
a?d h "JedJly / "I | (A ; MW^ I I To^dxy and Wednesday. .. . /%'\ . . J
If w e 1 1 m a de, f j[ \ t I ( \ III e ast c^ iance t0 ava^ y 01ir " ' *J
$ r^f^ch'V^^ I H/)^) llj \^ I I self of this' great special off:r- t( ? 7 yards, in solid colors or change- S
£ iy tflQ* C ' [WW y ¦ W^~ I I / in S of new Fall Suits and » bI c, white, pbk, blue, cream, nUe, <f
J Men's Tan Cotton lljIf^U \\\ ~ 111 I L — ¦ -'. Overcoats . that arc worth in and cardinal, now on sale at '*
ff Hose— Goo i \M \J d&^M}^ the regular way. from $12.50 about half regular priceSm *
* quality Maco | | - *£•*" ©/^ t»./ r-u -^
* jarn, full finis ed, be t wtarin 3 Hcs: on the - to $17.50 for 6-mch Taffeta Parisian Ribbons; 45c o — *
5 market, never soldiers than 15c a pair. ' • .. and 50c qualities jC £ C JJ
ti Specia to-day only. m** The Suits are single arid double-breasted s^ckcoat styles, the very latest cuts, 4^-inch Satin Merveilicux; the 45c __ jf
'. ITC eluding the smart, broad-shouldered military sacks in almost every fabric that and 50c qualitiej .2/G !*
IS — - — - — — : — • is in demand by smart dress:rrs. The greenish shades in cheviots; dark blu; 7-vac}\ Taffeta Parisian; 50c, 60c «t
U TafmrNi D M ...«r— ' cashmeres with light hair-line strip:; fine all-wool goods with larg; ovcrplaids, and 6 S= pities; fcr mZ^fC X
TaiCBimrOWaSr, . an( j f ,; ht a and brQwn chcviots; - wdl made> well trimmed $12.50, 6 and j. inch high grade Noye'ty Parian $
I Tetiow's, lor 5c. f^:c*™d^ 75C l 390 $
I lPS!^P^icSl| Men's King tooT* Overcoats-Long cut, with silk vcVct collar splashed 6^^^^^'^^^ ?
g 2ooobox^secu,eibyusathali P rice W illbe pockets, cuBs on sleeves, in fine material in tK: new Oxford ahades. Also - _ n ;./ 1<25 qaaUy ' tor 63 C *
§> to d to you to-diy at the same re- £2^^ many broken lines of the first shipment of fa 1 overcoats received some weeks *. * j*
jf duction, instead of ioc, bn Tuesday «PCr a g O- short overcoats, box overcoats and long cut overcoats, values up to ••. . . . ~~ ! jf
| ~~~ J $I7-5O; to-day and Wednesday............. .$9.85 PeaH ButtOttS. :J
K Vf/CilM3ir China . : : ; I '¦ *S° gross, pure White Pearl Battom, a'l per- • j»
| Berry Dishes. Special Sale of Basket Sale. &%$^%Z^vgM
gf Thrss Sauce or Brrry -I "' <s=*i MmlfMBtt £tC2tf*&& ' ' ,j^HHI)l/]rr^ ¦ We off-T for gff tWO tJoXOTt *3C "t^
if Dishes arc a da nty . 7£"^ ¦ ¦ —^^^\ £f__f\___Si-^ " this cay or.ly, _____ jj
JC pink color, go!d edge 3/ -^^ iOf* SltSCuOffl*tlSm 2 s ' z c s of m% — » . »2
% and spray of flower —^ST ' " Mt^^^^W^^S^ thes: Satchel Gl°OGBl*\T SQlG "2
| iT5T^r"3^B» A =S^ h^ S^ ror Tuesday Only. \
I rtt^MKfl&' m&m^^^f^m
JC (Tu-s^av) only, ; effbcti and tome are plain; ..splendid. wear.ng , pscUl rcdu ctioas in prices: den mad., the 4i c i-lb txnr, specul to^ay
* SetofSx.. _^ ' 5Octcarf. On special sale to- 4A ,4 inch-^sularly 40:, for 28 O M J ''' "J- V " 1 , '5
» »«. c# » S9C da > on 'y. •••¦ m»^G 1% inch-regular y 65c, for Mush— Our Victory brand, rery popular, regu- J
•t : _ . "* Jarly 3 for 25c, special to-day onl-, 4 jf
J r '. ~ " ¦ • • - • "' ~ : ; ~ ~~~""" packages. 2So
$ fuli qn?t ±*tto*u3?j JbonG^ H HP^^ ' -^^tfS i WI8 z 5 c packages to-day H3C 3j
I |i|iigl6|i!?P P" OoldcnRuleBazaap: T i| f|p$§SpIi|g^|
g $1.59 CALIFORNIA'S , LARGEST—AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE English Breakfast Tea-Per lb 35O ;?
Six Times Across
The Continent
.1 have crossed the continent six times over differ- :
. ent roads, but never had a more pleasant or en-
. jpyable trip than this last over your road. Every-
thing you agreed to perform was fulfilled to the
letter. Amos Marvin.
[Mgrmtpg— b— 1 '^^ e Burlington Overland Excursions l:ave San Francisco every
ll'ifflflmR^WS! Tuesday evening and even- Thursday morning — Omaha, Chicago,
yllHinyjjIHIj Kansas City, St. Louis— EVERYWHERE East.
BBJIm'imBh Ticket Office, 631 Market Street,
l^^^^^^^^i W. D. Sanborn, General Agent, San Francisco.TUESDAY ...... SEPTEMBER 2&1901
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address ill Cenmnaicatioas to W. 8. LEASE, Hunger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE . .Telephone Preii 204
PUBLICATION" OFFICB... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
SlngTle Copley, S Cent*.
Termi toy Mall, Including: Postage!
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), one year $6.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), « months $.00
DAILY CALL (including Sunday). * x-onths 1.60
OJOL.T CALL— By Single Month 66c
eUXDAY CALL. One Year .*.. 1.60
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.00
¦, All pout master* are authorised to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Kail subscribers In ordering change of address should b«
partlcolar to tfr« both NEW AND OLD^ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKI.AXD OFFICE ....1118 Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
XiAtgtr Ftnigs Advertising 1 , Marqnettt Building, Obit" go.
<Long Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C CCABLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
STEPHEN B. SMITH... 30 Tribune Building
. CHICAGO NEWS-STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Coi; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium HcteL
.WA£HIX GTO X <D. C.) OFFICE. . . . 14OO G St.. W. W.
MORTOXE. CRAAE. Correspondent.
BRA5CH OFFICES — E27 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
lictll S:20 o'clock. 300 Hayee, open until 9:30 o'clock. S33
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Lark'.n, open until
S:SO o'clock. IS 41 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1094 Valencia, open
until > o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-seccnd and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 FUlmore, open until 9 p. m.
• The average Chinaman doesn't feel that
he needs Christianity. . He has excellent
teachings of his own which,' he doesn't
follow. , /
WASHINGTON, D. C, Sept 23.-Joseph
S. Spear Jr., Surveyor of Customs at San
Francisco, is at the Shoreham ; Benja
min Norton of San Francisco Is at the Ar
lington; General Harrison G-ray Otis of
Los Angeles and L. L. Pratt of Callforria
are at the Cochran. .
Californians in Washingrton.
MOSQUITOES— Victim, City. If you
intend going Into the interior where there
are many mosquitoes you can protect
yourself from attacks by the buzzers by
using, so it is. said, a drop or two of
citronella rubbed on, the hands and face.
A simple and not disagreeable preventive.
ROSE SPRINGS-H., Berkeley, Cal.
This correspondent asks if any of the
readers of this department cun tell where
Rose Springs was located In California.
According to the correspondent it was the
name of a place in this' State In 1880, or
before that time. '
PHROCINE AND MELIDORUS-A. r>.,
Alameda, Cal. This correspondent wants
to know where may be found the story of
"Phroclne and Melidorus," also the name
of the author. ¦
Hall-How; did you get rid of that rail
road stock? I didn't think any onTwould
road co «3W«ing the condition of the
P o B s?ed7 We11 ' * f ° Und a Party " h0 ™**
Hail— Who was he?
cSSr?" ° f th6 dlrectors -Town and
TOM FITCH-G. G. G.. City. A friend
of this department informs it that Tom
Fitch, the "silver-tongued orator," Is >at
present practicing law in Honolulu, H. I.,
with all the oratorical eloquence of his
younger days.
Thomas M. Schumacher, formerly ' In
charge of the freight department of the
Union Pacific in this city, arrived yester
day from Salt Lake, .where he at present
holds a responsible position .with the com
pany.* : - • ,
J. D. Farrell, president of the Pacific
Steamship. Company, and J. G. Wood
ward, an employe of the same company,
are at the Palace from Seattle.
J. Morgan Smith, accompanied by his
wife, returned from, an extended tour of
Europe ; yesterday. They are staying at
the Palace/*
"Frank E. Clark, a wealthy young club
man of New York, ' is at the Palace. He
is on an extended tour of the coast.
- Wallace Dlnsmore, a prominent resident
of Marysville, 1^ spending a few days at
the Grand.
E. M. Sheehan, a popular young resi
dent of Sacramento, is a guest at the Oc
cidental.
George E. Goodman, the well-known
banker of Napa, is staying at the Palace.
j. W. Henderson, a hanker of Eureka,
is at the I.ick. ,
O. M. Rosendale, a mining engineer of
Portland, Or., is at the Grand. ' .
W. H. Nichols, the well-known banker
of Courtland, is a guest at the Grand.
WHEN Lord Kitchener issued his famous
proclamation calling upon* the Boer leaders
» to surrender themselves and their com
mandos before September 15, he doubtless believed
he was near the end of his troubles; that there were
very few armed Boers in" the field, that most ' of
them were willing to cease fighting and that the
long struggle could be brought to a speedy close by
a word of warning and a threat of perpetual exile for
all who continued to fight. Such at any rate was
the belief that prevailed in Great Britain and was
sfiared by a number of British sympathizers in this
countrj'. More than one paper heralded the pro
clamation as "the beginning of the end."
The event has dissipated those delusions. It is once
more made evident that the British intelligence office
knows almost nothing of value concerning the strength
of the Boers. Instead of having but a few scattered
and fugitive commands making a desultory guerrilla
warfare the Boer leaders have time and again taken
the aggressive, have invaded Cape Colony, have
attacked fortified British posts, and since the date
which Kitchener fixed for the surrender more
Britons have surrendered to Boers than Boers to
Britons. In fact. Kitchener has had again and again
to announce with regret>tne capture of numbers of
British troops by the very men they were sent out
to take.
Under these circumstances it is not strange that
ence more the British public has become restive. It
is noted that the Boers are, seemingly at least, about
as well supplied with ammunition, with food and with
horses as ever they were. Nor do they show any
lack of men, except in those places where the British
are looking for them. In the unexpected places they
have men enough tc capture troop after troop.
Moreover, they appear to have lost nothing except
the cities and the railroads. Otherwise the country
remains in their hands. One London authority says:
"The situation is singularly like the opening of the
war two y^ars ago, the names of the same places
recurring in the dispatches. Utrecht, where Major
Gough was entrapped, was the scene of a similar
ambuscade eighteen months back. Acton Homes,
where the Boers yesterday reappeared, is eighteen
miles southwest of Ladysmith, prominent in the early
hostilities, and the Natal Colonials are mustering for
the defense of the Tugela, as when General Joubert
invaded Natal in 1899. In Cape Colony fighting is
again going on south of Stormberg, in territory
traversed by raiders and their pursuers 'half a dozen
times." " . , "
"¦¦ In addition to all the troubles that confront him
in the field Lord Kitchener has further troubles in
the camps. He has two classes of people to, provide
for. One of these is composed of the so called
loyalists, who were expelled or fled from the Boer
states, at the outbreak of the war,- and the other is
made tip of the families of the fighting Boers. The
latter have been concentrated into camps where they'
ire kept nominally that they may be fed, but really
as prisoners. The number of refugee loyalists is not
accurately known, as they are scattered about the
countrj-, but it is estimated that Kitchener has to
provide something in the way of relief for upwartf
of 50,000 of them. The Boer camps contained at
the end of July 93,940 white persons, and in separate
camps there were 25,000 Kaffirs, making 118,940
persons whom the British have to supply with food
•in-, addition to their own army and the refugee
loyalists." The problem is a serious one and lays a
heavy burden on the railways. It is even probable
that if the war continues much longer Kitchener will
move ¦ all of the Boer families down to the coast
where they can be more easily fed.
Such is the situation, and now the southern winter
is about over and summer time is at hand. That
will mean a greater activity on the part of the Boers
and more trouble for the. British. It means, .in fact,
a virtual certainty that the war will continue for 1 at
least six months to come. r^r*"'
N
LORD KITCHENER'S TROUBLES.
therefore, 50,000 are either neutral or non-union workers andl
embrace the sufferers from the rampant savagery the 1 existence
of which our Mayor and our Governor have thus far failed to
discern.
Father Yorke not only accepts manufactured pretenses and
draws J'rom them, false inferences, but he makes a labored ef
fort to array the poor against the rich, and is betrayed into
language which, from an ordinary citizen, would rank as the
worst kind of demagogism. He speaks as a priest, however,
and claims to represent the Catholic church, and in this char
acter demands unusual consideration. In his capacity of citi
zen he had precisely the same, rights as any other citizen and
no more. In the use of his priestly functions within their just
limits he may be tolerated in the exercise of greater latitude
and he will certainly fce held to a severer responsibility.
I quote enough of his exact words to point out thl3 part off
my communication. He says: "I am here to say what good
word I can on behalf of those who do not possess this world's
goods, on behalf of those who have to labor for their daily
bread, BECAUSE I AM A PRIEST OF TILE CATHOLIC
CHURCH." He then refers to the poverty of the
Founder of Christianity, the "Man of Sorrows," and adds:
"I owe no apology to anybody to speak in behalf of
labor, but I should owe an apology to the past, to the
great men of the past, and to those who founded my
church, if I were to be found In any place except the place
where I am to-night." In another place he states "that there
is no closer union in the world than the priesthood," and that
without its consent not "a single priestly office" could be ful
filled. . .
It in beyond doubt, therefore, that Father Yorke spoke as
a pries* and representatively. But I feel equally confident that
he spoke without authority, and that for this assumed sanction
introduced into his language he does owe an apology. I am
not a Catholic,' although both as a man and a citizen, I have
a deep and abiding respect for all men who love God and his
laws and for the church which, in my judgment. In Its rela
tion to American citizenship and to ¦ the pending struggle
Father Yorke grossly misinterpreted. I share— who does not?—
his enthusiasm for the poor, a class which embraces not merely
striking: unionists., but non-union workmen, and not merely
them, but many thousands of shopkeepers, traders, manufac
turers, merchants and farmers, who ar» suffering loss and
threatened with ruin and penury because of the attempt to
establish a despotism of selected wage-earners which Is un-
endurable in an American State. It is unfortunately true that
the poor are always with us and excite the commiseration of
all human beings who are not callous, as niagnillcent donations
and magnificent edifices all over the civilized world attest. I
will venture to assert- that there are few, if any, employers in
the United States, whether Catholics, Protestants, Jews or
even freethinkers, who do not enter into this sentiment, and it
has been and it is a source of just pride to citizens of all sects,
creeds, parties and occupations to observe the rapid diminution
of poverty and the equally rapid increase pt comfort, pros
perity, intelligence and education among the wage-earners • of
our country. Even strikers, after weeks of idleness, can fondle
their watch chains, smoke cigars, patronize saloons and enjoy
life, while such of them as have families presumptively have
provided for their homes. [
-. All this may be said, and yet Father Yorke Is very wide of
the mark. There are Catholics as well as other citizens In
every business and station, and Inequality of condition, which
is quite different from inequality of opportunity or before tho
law, exists everywhere. Wage-earners will probably resent
being classed among the poor in the sense of requiring ex
traordinary. Illegal and unjust concessions from their em-
It is hard to wink at this apparently stolid ignorance of the
actual truth. No intelligent man in the United States, no citi
zen qualified to vote, ought to be unaware of the fact that
there are virtually no employers who deny or question the full
constitutional and moral right of wage-earners to establish
and ¦ maintain labor unions and to adopt all lawful means
within their legitimate objects to make them effective. No
such dispute is involved directly or indirectly in the present
strike either as to the Brotherhood of Teamsters or any of the
unions that represent the "sympathetic"' element of the strike.
There is no controversy whatever about hours or wages or
upon any matter affecting the betterment of labor, skilled or
unskilled. There is nothing in the strike but the unreasoning
and obstinate determination of a few "leaders," surely not
American at heart, to enforce a monopoly of union labor by
restricting employers to its ranks and thus forcing all wage
earners Into the unions. This is the correct and the only cor
rect statement of the case. The methods — not formally adopted
by the strikers, many of whom are intelligent citizens, but
ruthlessly pursued by the refractory element among them— are
destructive of all law and order and hostile to the letter and
the spirit of our system of government. I am credibly in
formed that since the local strike began there have been at
least from twelve to fifteen hundred brutal assaults upon non
union men, and that, far from having been exaggerated in the
press, hundreds of them have not even been reported. Not a
day elapses that atrocities are not witnessed on the public
streets in broad daylight, which are beyond the control of the
police. The twisting and fractures of arms and wrists with
the avowed purpose of disqualifying men for competing with
union wage-earners have been common Incidents, and some
of our merchants, not .timorous or imaginative, have to be
protected in approaching or leaving their offices. It Is Idle and
absurd to controvert by declamation what our entire popula
tion knows to be true." ;
Father Yorke Is very Incorrect In his figures even when he
estimates the number of people in San Francisco. He is doubt
less far within the . mark when he assumes the number of
workingmen in this city to be 65,000. But he is still further and
more seriously out of the way when he includes all these men
among the strikers or their spmipathizers, whose "cause" he
attempts to advocate. There are not less than 875,000 people in
San Francisco, and to allow that there are 15,000 strikers all
told is going to the furthest extreme. Of Father Yorke's 65,000,
ployers.. The rich, the poor and those in moderate circum
stances are all commingled in the vast American fraternity,
which recognizes no aristocracy of capital or labor, of wealth
or poverty. I. defy Father Yorke to show me -within the lida
of the New Testament where his Master and mine ha3 sought
to create an aristocracy of poverty or of labor. The danger
of covetousness, the special temptations of wealth and the duty
of charity, or rather love, are repeatedly enforced, but there is
no rule of exclusion applied . to the rich and all are brought
within the phrase which, as between man and man. Is the sum.
of the law and of the gospel. "Do unto others as ye would
that others should do unto you."
Father Yorke boldly attacks the presidents of both our uni
versities, who are men of high intellect, of thorough training,
of deep thought, of irreproachable character, of genuine patri
otism and of ardent sympathy with labor. Is r.o*apology duo
for this;? He also vituperates capitalists, who for many years
have successfully promoted the best Interests of workmen.
Does not this also demand an apology? And what is due for
the implied antagonism throughout his address: to the nobla
encyclical letters of Pope Leo XIII, In which the reciprocal
duties and obligations of all classes have been defined and
enforced with a precision, clearness and sincerity acknowl
edged or confessed among all civilized nations; in which the
tollers of society are warned to "be ever on their guard against
riots and the riotous, show inviolable respect for the rights of
others and work willingly and with all due respect for their
employers," and in which upon such questions the church is
restricted to "the holy task of admonishing all of their duty
according to the precepts of Christianity and ot drawing rich
and poor together In the bonds of fraternal charity " Almost
every sentence of these elevated and inspiring' documents
might be Quoted against the letter and the spirit of Father
Yorke's! ill-considered denunciations.
The very root of industrial disorder, of that panderlntr tn
evil passions and negation of fundamental rights which foster
anarchy and occasionally produce such lamentable conse
quences as the assassination of our late President waa exnoW^t
by Archbishop Riordan In his powerful address of lattTh?f^«
day, which in and of Itself constitutes a perfect mw?»VT« »s
diatribe of Father Yorke, and, to the mind of tht »™ he
American citizen, furnishes convincing prSf that tS «K«J?*?
SS^'rff ffiSSSr^ USe hl3 P^uTJmSfo^p^
San Francisco, Sept. "22, 1901. <-*VIS.
PERSONAL MENTION.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
These declamatory assertions may be believed by Father
Yorke, but they are simply untrue. His entire speech—argu
ment it could not be called — turned upon two assumptions of
fact, "men of straw," that have not and never had any actual
existence. I quote the verbatim report in the anarchistic or
gan, which most likely Is accurate, because Father Yorke In
dorses that paper to the extent that it Is ."standing up" for
the strikers and virtually arraigns the "entire reputable press
of the United States by charging "three of the papers" of San
Francisco, which have published the almost universal denun
ciation of the murder-inspiring articles in the Examiner, the
New York Journal and the -Chicago American, as seeking "to
injure a rival" because they thought "it would help their busi
ness and extend their circulation."
"The principle of the Employers' Association — and when I
speak of the Employers' Association I mean practically all the
capital in the city of San Francisco engaged In the wholesale
and manufacturing business, and, I am afraid, the banks also —
is that unionism must be destroyed." Thus Father Yorke de
fines the issu£ on the side of the employers. . Of the other side
he says, "I believe that the . principle you are fighting for la
that unionism must be preserved."
On Saturday night last he delivered an address at Metro
politan Temple, in which he made the air blue with invectives
against the population of this city outside of the strikers and
their sympathizers, and especially against employers. -He
made no exceptions, but grouped together "all the people that
are in any way connected with business and with the Employ
ers' Association," and vociferously asserted with almost end
less reiteration that their only purpose is .to destroy labor
unions. He declared that they were "against every man and
every woman who Is earning wages in the city of San Fran
cisco, in the State of California."
As a citizen Father Yorke should remember that he lives
within and enjoys the protection of an American community,
of which the strikers constitute an insignificant minority. The
brutal criminals among them may ! break wrists, arms and
heads and beat non-union men into jelly, and thus produce
conditions with which the regular police are impote»fc«to cope.
But when public officers are ready to perform their duty, and,
in any event, when the public is sufficiently aroused, they can
be and they will be controlled and punished. The American
people at no time and especially now will patiently submit to
the insplent dictation of capital on the one side or of criminal
ity, masquerading under the name of labor, on the other. Still
less will they tolerate the promotion of disorder by citizens >of
any denomination, who misconceive priestly functions. This
sentiment was the keynotev of Father Yorke's aggressive as
saults .upon the A. P. A., In which men of different sects,
creeds and parties stood by his side. He was animated by this
sentiment when he literally leaded the local press with his
letters a,nd poured out rivers of speech from -the local rostrum.
acter, and consecrated to a profession which, in its
present aspect, originated with the "Prince of Peace." Almost
immediately he became involved In controversies, in which he
attracted the sympathy of a large part of the public, because
he represented free thought, free speech and religious tolera
tion within the broad principles of the American constitution.
Now he antagonizes such men as Pope Leo XIII and Arch
bishop Riordan, sets class against class; while verbally com
mending order, in substance Incites riot and tumult; and, with
marked intensity and unexampled bitterness, parades himself
as the Western successor of Father McGlynn of New York.
TO the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir: Father
.Yorke perhaps unconsciously abuses his privileges both
as a citizen and a priest. He came to San Francisco a
young man, possessed of brains, education and char-
You have encouraged every industrial disturbance that has occurred at any place
within reach of your'influence. You have aided agitators and demagogues in forcing
You claim to be a champion of free speech, yet'Vou have degraded journalism 'to
the slums, and for liberty have substituted the prostitiited license of slander, malice, vice
• You say you have fought for the people "with more varied weapons, with more
force and talent and enthusiasm than any other newspaper, in the country." The files of
each of your papers give the lie to that statement. Your variety of weapons has been but
a variety of falsehoods.' You have' faked interviews misrepresenting honest men, you
have garbled letters arid speeches, you have suppressed news. Yesterday you misrepre
sented the memorial services of the Knights of Pythias; and suppressed the vi°-oious
words of the orator who denounced you and said: "Too long have we been afflicted with
the loathsome disease of yellow journalism, poisoning ; the minds of' our children and
breeding crime in the hearts of the people." You have forged telegrams, you have de
vised lie after lie, in season and out of season, and you have given the largest space in
your papers and the largest type available to your journalism to displaying the worst and
To those questions you get your answer in the condemnation - pronounced upon
you at this' very time by the clergy of all churches, the worthy leaders of every earnest ef
fort at reform, by farmers, merchants, manufacturers and , workingmen — in short, by repre
sentatives of every church, every reform and every legitimate business interest. You tiave
hurt them all to the full extent of your cowardly maTice. You are at this very time doing
your best to stop the course of industry in California. The crops- of the farmers are ex
posed ; to ruin, merchants are losing trade, great factories are hampered in 'their work and
labor is being brought every day nearer and nearer to destitution by your incitements.
Have all these vicious utterances been but an idiot's tale full of froth and fury,
signifying nothing, or have they been the malicious incitements of a malignant egotist
"enraged against society and government because his "superiority" is not recognized?
You says the Examiner is "An American newspaper for Americans," and you ask:
"Has it assailed the- church? Has it antagonized any reform movement, or hurt at any
time any legitimate business interest?" .
Why was that lie published?
These are the questions you are to answer at the bar, of public opinion. Ycur.
offenses of the kind have been many. You have assailed not only' individuals but whole
communities and Government itself. The people of this city have not forgotten the hid
eous, grewsome, loathsome page of pictures and rhetoric which you published for the pur
pose of . representing San Francisco as the seat of the bubonic plague.
To what class of people have all of these lies day after day been addressed? Did
you think intelligent men would believe them, that good men wduld tolerate them, or that
patriotic men would be influenced by them? Isit not a fact that they were deliberately de
vised to affect the minds of the ignorant, the vile and the vicious ? Was it not your in
tention to excite that class of men to whatever course of action their cunning, their mal
ice and their brutality would suggest to them? Was it not your intention to incite
against President McKinley just the class of which Czolgosz is a type in order that they,
might commit just the crime that Czolgosz committed?
Were you not lying when you said: "Levi Strauss &' Co. are feeling the effect of
the boycott levied against it by the organized labor of San Francisco. Workingmen are
refusing to buy overalls manufactured by a firm pledged to stifle . unionism. Four
hundred of the 800 girls employed by the big Fremont-street factory" were yesterday laid
off"? Was not the lie published maliciously, and for the purpose of inciting further boy
cotts and causing further harm to California's industries?
. Was it not a lie. when you charged Chief Sullivan with saying to the police: "I
am dissatisfied with the conduct of you men toward the strikers. * ¦ * * The strikers
must. be -driven off the streets. * * * Drive them to their homes and see that they
are kept there. * * * Let me impress this order upon you: Keep the streets clear
of union men"? Was not that a lie?
Have you not also made use of lies in attacking every one .against whom your
malice or your egotism felt aggrieved? Was it not a lie which you published in this city
but a short time ago when you charged Chairman Symmes of the executive committee of
the Employers* Association with saying: "If by reason of a struggle we are making on
a principle and in defense of individual liberty of action, the grain crop can't be moved, let
it rot"?
Did you not lie when in a grotesque caricature you represented Theodore
Roosevelt with a face like a baboon shouting out: "I am brave. I believe in shooting.
I shot a Spaniard in the back"? Was it not a lie. when you said: "Mark Hanna, acting
for McKinley, will increase the army, and if occasion arise use it against the organized
labor which he so much detests"?
Did you not lie when you said: "And McKinley — bar one girthy Princeton person,
who came to be no.more, no less, than a living crime in breeches — is, therefore, the most
despised and hated' creature in the hemisphere. His name is hooted; his figure burned in
effigy"?
Did you not lie when you said the President was "an obedient jellyfish" — "an ab
ject, weak, futile, incompetent poltroon"? Did you not lie when you said "McKinley
and the Wall street Cabinet are ready to surrender every particle of national honor and
dignity"? Was it not a lie when you said of the Philippines and Porto Rico: "William
McKinley is ruling them with an arbitrary disregard of law that George III never dared
to exhibit in America" ?
Did you not lie when you said of McKinley: "He has made the White House the
headquarters of a corrupt trust lobby. . He has made the White House the x stronghold of
tariff jobbery. It is notorious that he has mortgaged and sold the highest offices in his
gift"?. - • • . I
.Public opinion charges Hearst with having a responsible part in the crime of
Czolgosz by the publication of lies deliberately invented for the purpose of exciting a vin
dictive spirit against the President. To that charge Hearst is called upon to answer.
The questions put to him are these: '¦•-.:.
The public at this time, however, is not interested in Hearst's relations to corpor
ations, to the predatory rich or to those whom he regards as incapables envious of his
superiority. The question to which an answer is wanted now is that involved an the uni
versal charge that Hearst is directly responsible for promoting a hatred of the Govern
ment and of the prosperous, thus breeding anarchists and encouraging the cowardly but
vindictive spirit that prompted the assassination of the President.
It is the claim of Hearst that he has used his papers to fight for the people against
greed and class privilege, but the people do not admit the claim. He denounces "the press
that lives on subsidies and on alms," but the public is aware that his own organ, the
Examiner, was subsidized by the Southern Pacific Company and continued to draw the
subsidy month after month until Huntington refused to pay it any further. That the
Examiner is not on the payrolls of the Southern Pacific and perhaps of other , corpora
tions to-day is due solely to the fact that the subsidies are no longer to be obtained, either
by solicitation or by extortion.
. Such is the view Hearst takes of the situation. The press of the country, presi
dents of universities, the most eminent of the clergy, Archbishops and Cardinals, Judges,
representatives of the commercial and industrial organizations of the country, are, in the
estimation of this moral idiot, subject to an infuriating envy arid jealousy of his superior
ity. An egotism of that kind can hardly be stung by anything less physical than a horse
whip, yet it is likely to be made to suffer by other means. Public condemnation may rot
sting it, but a withdrawal of public patronage will force it to silence.
Hearst divides the public that condemns him into .two classes— the predatory rich
and their organs, and the dull incapables of journalism and of life. He says of the indig
nation of the public: "It is the revenge which inferiority takes in solacing compensation
upon superiority." •...;,-.
AFTER waiting two weeks\for a lull in the storm of public indignation that burst
out against him upon the assassination of the President, whom he -had reviled
and vilified day after day for years, William R. Hearst on Sunday struck back at
vthe public that condemns him. He notes that "funerals, the saddest/'
pass, and he evidently indulges the delusiomthat indignation, has passed with it. It is
clearly the belief of Hearst that since the President has been buried no one will any longer
recall the villainous and criminal attacks made upon him, and so Hearst feels it safe to re
sume. He is himself again. Once more as venomous, false and egotistical as ever.
It. matters little what the brazen impudence; overriding the cowardice of the man. may .enable
him from his retreat to say in vilification of the public that has judged and condemned him. The
end of his career is at hand..
Such are the charges the public, through the press, the pulpit, the forum and the councils of
representative business men, have made against Hearst, but it is not expected that he will answer them.
Whatever retort he makes will be the venomous stroke of a rattlesnake. He will defend his former
lies by new lies. The public is aware of the tactics he will pursue, for his character is not unknown.
He has not lived his life in a corner, nor has the darkness of his ways and the depravity of his hab
its concealed him wholly from the public. He is a known and despised man, an exile from his
home, an outcast from society, shunned by the decent and scorned by the good, the prodigal associ
ate and patron of the vilest of men and women, supporting out of his inherited wealth blackmailers
on the one hand and strumpets on the other, a discredit to his profession, a disgrace to his State, a
sore upon his party, a foe to law, order and industry, a demagogue and a coward, a slanderer of
virtue and a defamer of dignity. Rotten in body and, in heart, with an educated delight in debauch
ery and lying, he has made himself a cause of folly among the ignorant and of crime among the
vicious. Preaching a creed of hatred which the pariahs of the slums would not accept, and prac
ticing personal vices which Czolgosz would not commit, he stands doubly dyed in infamy as a cor
rupter of morals and a teacher of anarchy, and is thus abhorrent alike to religion and to law, art
offense to society* and a menace to the republic. . ' :
strikes upon industrious workingmen who do not wish to strike. You have incited the lawless to
take advantage of such disturbances to assault honest and peaceable workingmen on their way to
or from their work. You have stirred up in the minds and the hearts of ruffians the kind of cour
age that has led them to the commission of robbery, arson and murder. i
CRITICISM OF FATHER YORKE'S
ADDRESS ON LOCAL INDUSTRIAL
DISTURBANCES AND THEIR CAUSES
STROKE OF THE RATTLESNAKE.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1901.
6
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house — "Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde."
Columbia— "A Modern Crusoe."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
• Central— "Little Lord Fauntleroy.**
• Alcazar— "Sapho."
Throli— "Carmen."
California— "A Texas Steer."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
even inc.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Open nights.
AUCTION RATYFS.
By John J. Doyle— On Wednesday, September 25, at 327
Sixth street, at 11 a. m.. Horses, Wagons, Harness, etc.
By TTm- G. Layng— Thursday, September 26, at 11 o'clock,
100 German Government horses, at 721 Howard street.
By G. H. Umbsen & Co.— Monday, October 7, at 12 o'clock.
Crooks Estate Properties, at 14 Montgomery street.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr. '
Siegert s Genuine Imported Angostura Bitters-*
Ihr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
Beat Liver Medicine. VegetableC'ureforlJver Hl3.
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation, Malaria.
The last days of sale for. low rate Excursion
Tickets to the Pan-Anjerfcan teSton at
Buffalo will be October 3 /and 4. o3J "£ > tor
the round trip. The California Limited leaves
at 9 a. m.. October 3. Secure your reservations
early at the office of the Santii Fe. 641 Market
btreet, . .- * .
A Reminder.
A carriage .manufacturer say 3 he pre-
fers the shafts of wit to the tonsnie of
venom. ,.- »¦*-¦:, j
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by th.
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's) 510 MofiU
gomery street. Telephone Main 1M2. •
Choice candles, Townsend'3. Palace Hotel*
CaL glace fruit SOc per Ib at Townsend's.*George Jones, Mission, between Third and
Fourth. Fourth and Harrison, lacerated wound
of Ecalp; Dr. McElroy.
August 30 — John Savory, 1233 Vallejo, Leaven
worth and Union, lacerated wound of scalp,
abrasion of face; Dr. McElroy.
M. McNarnara, Transfer Dock. Third and
Mission, laceration of ear and lip; Dr. Glan
nini.
R. Roberts. 132J Mission. Third and Folsom.
four lacerated wounds of scalp and one of
cheek: Dr. ven der Lieth.
C. E. Gardner. 845 Harrison, Seventh and
Market, perforated wound of lower lip; l>r.
von der Lieth.
September 1— Thomas Pierce, S22 Third street,
Sixteenth and Capp. epistaxls (hemorrhage of
nose).
James Clementl, Sacramento. Sixth and
Harrison, contused and abraised wounds of
face; Dr. Morrison.
J. H. Fisher. 1823»4 Green. Harbor Hospital,
sprain of ankle; Dr. Morrison.
John Foran. 15 Ritch street. Third and Fol
eon, gunshot wound of left hand; Dr. Morri
son.
September 2— William Clayton. Fourth and
Silver, (brought from) lacerated wound of
lower lip and abrasion of cheek.
G. Valz. 832 O'Farrell. Larkin and O'Farrell.
laceration of eyebrow, contusion of ey«.
F. Johnson. 1 Elizabeth, Fourth and Folsom.
lacerated wound of car and scalp; Dr. Arml
etead.
September 3 — Albert Thell. steamer National
City. Fourth and Kolsom, lacerated wound of
Fcaip: Dr. ArmiFtead.
M. Kenedy. 1676 Mission, lacerated wound of
Bcalp: Dr. Morrison.
F. Hart. 707 Mission. Third and Mission,
contusion wound and abrasion of forehead; Dr.
Armistead.
Henry Green, 1207 Stevenson. Market and
Brady, lacerated wound of forehead and chin;
T>r. Malaby.
The Central Emergency Hospital cases
from September 5 to September 22 are as
follows:
September 5— Joe Bernard, Liberty Hotel,
Hail of Justice, lacerated wound of scalp,
contuslcn of face: Dr. Cunningham.
J Shicl. steamship Umatilla, Ferry build
ing, ponltota fracture midway on third left
ulna; Dr. Cunningham.
Antonio Bundi. 6 Broadway. Seventh and
L. Arata. ITS Vandewater street. Mission
and Steuart. lacerated wound of scalp, possible
fracture of skull; Dr. McElroy.
Thomas Morgan. 105 Clark street, Vallejo
ctreet, gunshot wound of ehoulder; Dr. Mc-
Elroy.
August 28— Samuel Rodgers, 1426 Fourteenth
avenue. Oakland, Bryant and Second, lacer
ated wound of seal?, abrasion of nose; Dr.
Weyer.
D. J. Drlscoll (officer), 32< Tenth street. Sixth
and Howard, severe sprain of right thumb; Dr.
Diggins.
William Louttlt. 607 Howard, contused wound
of right check; Dr. Diggins.
John Murray, 235 Minna. Third and Howard,
lacerated wound of scalp; Dr. Diggins.
Daniel Winter, 140 Minna. Montgomery and
California, knife wound of back; Dr. Bunnell.
Joe Gross. 212 Eddy. Montgomery and Cali
fornia, knife wound of back and upper arm;
Dr. Bunnell.
August £8— R. H. Ashman, Prescott House,
Fourth and Brannan, lacerated wound of scalp
and nose and under left eye: Dr. Glannini.
J. Alameda. Oakland, McAllister and Larkin,
lacerated wound of scalp; Dr. Bunnell.
Paul Caftajran. 220 Golden Gate avenue.
Fourth and Harrison, three lacerated wounds
of scalp, lacerated wounds of lower Jaw and
upper lip; Dr. Boskowitz.
Samuel Hasan, Risdon Iron Works, Fourth
and Howard streets, lacerated wound of lip;
Dr. Bofkowltz.
Nels C. Johnson. Risdon Iron 'Works. Fourth
and Howard streets, abrasion and contusion
of rlcht cheek; Dr. Boskowltz.
August 26— y. O'ls'iel. 2116 Howard street.
Fourth and Market streets, abrasion of left
eyebrow and laceration of left eye; Dr. von der
Lieth.
Aniceto Gomes, 122 Taylor street. Fourth and
Townsend streets, three lacerated wounds of
scalp; Dr. Dlrslns.
August 25— Joe Bennet, 230 Montgomery ave
nue. Broadway and Hlnckley alley, fracture
of right tibia, and fibula, lower third, contusion
of face and lfr»: Dr. Glannini.
Willard Holman. Overland Freight Company,
Powell and Eddy, contusion of right cheek aijd
eye, abrasion of face and little finger; Dr.
Giannini.
C. M. Dyer. U1H Minna street. 559 Mission
street, lacerated wound of right eyebrow, la
cerated w.ound of right ear.
August 2t— H. Kelly, 44Sfc Third street, 630
Harrison street, two lacerated wounds of
scalp, lacerated wound of eyebrow; Dr. Glan
ninl.
Frederick Westley. Howard street, between
Seventh and Kichth. Howard and Eighth
streets, hematoma of left elbow; Dr. McElroy.
August 20— Eddy Turner (boy). Eighth street.
between Howard and Folsom. Howard and
Eighth streets, lacerated wound of scale; Dr.
Weyer.
August 19— J. R. McDonald, 271 Stevenson
street. Hall of Justice, lacerated wound of
right knee; Dr. McElroy.
Fourth street, near Townsend. lacerated wound
01 scalp, lacerated wound under right eye; Dr.
von der Lrieth.
William Mackey, Dewey House. City Prison,
contusion of left eye; Dr. von der LJeth.
Aucust 15— Thomas Murray. 615 Ellis street."
Ellis and Taylor etreeUs. lacerated wound of
fccalp; Dr. McElroy.
August 17— Alfred U Franks. 42 Joost ave
nue. Golden Gate avenue near Market street,
contusion of both eyes, lacerated wound under
ricnt eye, abrasion of nose; Dr. von der Lieth.
August li— James Rellly, 765 Mission street.
Grant avenue and gutter street, lacerated
wounds of scalp, lacerated wound under right
eye, contusion of eyes; Dr. McElroy.
A. J. Wise. 321 Pacinc street. Third and
Market etreete, fracture of nose, contusion of
face; Dr. McElroy.
George A. Colford. Ocean Beach.- same, lace
rated wcund of right cheek: Dr. McElroy.
Joseph Knight (colored). 1% Tay street. Hall
of Justice, ecchymosls both eyes, contusion of
face, atrasion of left hand: Dr. McElroy.
Charley Johnson. 235 Seventh street. Seventh
etreei near Howard, lacerated wound of left
eyebrow, contusion of left eye. abrasion of
face; Dr. von der Lieth. ¦
Alborelli Suffers Injuries That Will
Be Permanent.
Tony Alborelli, the boxer and bicycle
rider, is carrying his left arm In a sling,
Lebert Morris, a sand teajnster In the
employ of J. L. Wilson, a contractor, liv
ing at 1213 Point Lobos avenue, was as
saulted by strikers. at Eighth and Mission
streets Saturday night and badly dis
abled. Morris Is a sober, Industrious man
and has a wife and three children. Ho
states that on Saturday Contractor Wil
son asked him to take the place • of a
teamster who was ill. He consented and
drove the team that afternoon.
When he went downtown during the
evening he was assaulted by three men,
who beat him unmercifully with~clubs.
His head was badly cut," several teeth
were knocked out, his right eye was se
verely if not permanently Injured and he
was so bruised othetwlse that it was nec
essary to send him to 'the County Hos
pital, where he will remain for two or
three weeks. . i ,-.->: :.?
Lebert Morris Still Suffers From
Brutal Attack.
DISABLE A BREADWINNER.
ATHLETE IS ASSAZLETX
When Cahill was examined at the hos
pital it was found that his jaw was frac
tured and that he had suffered several
lacerations of the scalp. He says he was
scarcely aware that a strike was in pro
gress here and that he did not know it
was unsafe fpr strangers to walk about
after dark in the section known as south
of Market street. Cahill now partakes ex
clusively of liquid refreshment and 1 will
continue to do so for some weeks.
On one of the cots in Ward L at the
County Hospital lies George Cahill, a sea
man, suffering from a broken jaw and a
dozen wounds about the head ' and face.
Cahlll lives in San Diego and Is employed
on the steamer Santa Rosa. On Sunday a
week ago he arrived in this city and went
uptown to view the sights. In the vicinity
of Mission and Fourth streets he was
accosted by four men, one of whom asked
him for a light. He was about to comply
when he was struck in the face with
some blunt instrument, which felled him
like an ox in the shambles. The men
then took his watch and $20 and made
their escape.
George Cahill of San Diego Victim of
Footpads.
HIS JAW BROKEN.
On the night in question Wilber was on
his way home from the stables, when he
was intercepted by several strikers who
ordered him to accompany them to the
teamsters' headquarters. Finding resist
ance was useless, and hoping to meet a
policeman en route, he walked with them
to the place designated. "When they got
there, and while they were standing In a
hallway, some one said, "Now's the time;
give it to him." Acting on this advice,
the men sprang upon Wilber and felled
him. to the floor. A blow on the templo
rendered, him unconscious, but notwith
standing, the helplessness of their victim
the brutal assailants kicked him in the
side, breaking three ribs. After finishing
their cowardly work the strikers deserted
the place.. Wilber says he knows one of
his assailants and, although he says lit
tle, he is confident that the day of reckon
ing is not far distant.
The treatment accorded to H. D. Wil
ber, a teamster in the employ of McNab
& Smith, on September 9 was brutal m
the extreme. . He was attacked by eleven
men at Sixth and Brannan streets, and
before he was aware of what had hap
pened his nose was broken, three ribs
fractured, his shoulder dislocated and his
face and back badly cut. Wilber was un
conscious for several hours,- and for a
time his recovery was doubtful. He is
now at the County Hospital, slowly re
covering from the effect of his wounds.
Strikers Resent Wilber's Refusal to
Accompany Them.
NOSE AND RIBS ARE BROKEN.
The brutal assault which' was made on
Isaac Ryerson, foreman of the Joshua
Hendy Machine Works, is a striking illus
tration of the fact that the strikers exer
cise little discrimination in selecting their
victims. Ryerson, as foreman of an iron
works, was ineligible to become a member
of the Machinists' Union, and therefore
he could not be called out on strike. This
fact, however, did not prevent, the strik
ers from waylaying him and forcing him
to undergo the most fiendish torture.
Ryerson, accompanied by Frank Bollo,
assistant foreman of the Joshua Hendy
Machine Works, after finishing their
day's work boarded a Union street car on
August 26 to go to their homes. At the
corner of Buchanan and Union streets
Bollo got off the car. Four men. who had
evidently been following Ryerson and
Strikers Cripple Foreman ( Ryerson
and His Assistant.
USE HEAVY BLUDGEON.
Bennett is now at the County Hospital
with his limb encased in a plaster of parts
cast. He declines to discuss the incident,
fearing he will be attacked again when
he gets out. In addition to a broken leg
Bennett received three cuts about the
head and numerous severe bruises about
the body.
Joseph Bennett, a special policeman,
had a disastrous encounter with strikers
three weeks ago. He was escorting a
non-union teamster along Brannan street
when a crowd of strikers surrounded the
truck and began to obstruct the progress
of the vehicle. Bennett was obliged to
get off the truck, and ere he was able
to offer resistance he was clasped from
behind and thrown down: His revolver
was taken from him and he was beaten
about the head with the weapon. Two of
the strikers then deliberately sprang upon
and broke his right leg near the ankle.
The police arrived at this juncture and
the mob scattered.
Strikers Beat and Cripple Special
Policeman Bennett.
FRACTURE HIS ANKLE.
Bollo, though not so fiendishly aealt
with as Ryerson, was still severely in
jured. Two of his, brothers are members
ofthe' striking unions. <V . .-
As Ryerson did not arrive home at the
usual time his wife went to look for him.
She found him lying on the sidewalk un
conscious and covered with blood. Al
though this assault took place several
weeks ago the injured man was only yes
terday able to return to work. For almost
fifteen years he has been a machinist in
this city, but he was unable to recognize
any of his assailants. This leads to the
supposition that they were thugs hired
by the strikers for the occasion.
Ryerson, on seeing that his friend was
absolutely helpless in the hands of his
assailants, jumped from the car to go to
his assistance, but he also was immedi
ately attacked by three other strikers,
who also dismounted from the car. Ryer
son was thrown and the thugs beat him
about the head, either with sharp stones
or brass knuckles, attempting in their
brutal torture to blind him. Ryerson was
already blind in his left eye and to hide
the defect he wore a glass eye. This the
strikers mistook for his perfect eye and
drove the glass sphere into his head. Not
satisfied with this torture they split one
of his .fingers of his right hand to the
bone.
In beating Bollo the strikers employed
a bludgeon, which had been prepared for
the occasion. This weapon, which is now
in possession of the police, resembles the
leg of a chair with a hard rubber pad cov
ering over one end, held in place by an
iron spike. Although Bollo is a hardy
athlete and di;l his utmost *to escape pun
ishment he was struck no less than eight
times with this instrument of torture.
Southern Pacific sells round trip tickets
October 3 and 4, $87. Shortest route, least
time en route, best mountain scenery,
road of famous "Overland Limited." Per
sonally conducted excursions via Cincin
nati and via Chicago. 613 Market street.
Bollo, jumped to -the ground with him.
They immediately set upon Bollo and
throwing him to the ground proceeded to
beat him unmercifully about the head.
Last Excursion to Buffalo.
The developments in the strike of the
teamsters yesterday were most encour
aging to the employers. It was ascertained
that four fruit teamsters, all members of
the Brotherhood of Teamsters, returned
to work yesterday, notwithstanding that
they were warned that personal violence
might follow such a course.
It is confidently expected that seven or
eight additional fruit teamsters will re
turn to their teams within a day or two
and that a general stampede will follow.
It is well known that many of the team
sters would return to work were it not for
.e fear of being waylaid and beaten.
Draymen Claim Union Men Have Re
turned to Work.
TEAMSTERS ARE DOTTBTFUL.
Alborelli's wrist is permanently stif
fened, the hearing of his left ear is gone
and he is still very weak from the inju
ries he received.
One of the athlete's assailants struck
him on the back of the head with a slung
shot. Six or seven others rushed upon
him and one struck him a blow on the
left arm with a piece of leadpipe. Albo
relli's arm was broken in two places be
low the elbow. . He was beaten almost
into unconsciousness before his assailants
fled. .
it having been .broken by strikers on the
morning of August 10. Alborelll was
working for. Hooper & Jennings and was
about to enter Erken's stables, on Tenth
street, near Folsom, when he was at
tacked.
The Mayor replied that he would' inves
tigate the causes of complaint 'and, if
true, would prevent any abuse of author
ity by the police, but he said that so long
as violence existed the .police must be
When the party -assembled -Mr. Furu
seth said that the conduct of the police
was not what it should be if peace was to
be restored. It was arbitrary and calcu
lated to rouse the bitter resentment of
the strikers. . - .
Preceding the conference Mayor. Phelan
was in consultation with the Grand Jury,
and the condition of the city as to peace
and safety of the public was considered.
The Mayor was asked if no steps could
be taken to stop the assaults that occur
daily and protect the citizens from fur
ther harm at the hands of gangs of strik
ers. The Mayor replied that he was to
confer with the strike leaders relative
to the matter during the day, and further
inquiry along that line was postponed
pending the result of the conference.
The action of Chief of Police Sullivan
in ordering- the police along the water
front to strictly enforce the laws and
to promptly arrest all violators, be they
strikers or otherwise, was the subject of
a conference in Mayor Phelan's office
yesterday. Those present were the May
or, Supervisors Curtis, Brandenstein,
Tobin, Dwj r er and Boxton and Messrs.
Furuseth, Casey and Rosenberg, leaders
of the strike.
Conference of Mayor and Supervisors
With Strike Leaders.
MUST PRESERVE PEACE.
On the other hand, the leaders of the
iron strikers assert that no committee has
been authorized to negotiate the settle
ment of the strike on any basis whatever.
Notwithstanding this sweeping denial,
however, it is claimed that the machinists
have evinced a desire to accept the nine
hour schedule, and that they are willing
to return to work on a basis of nine hours
with nine hours' pay. This the members
of the Iron Trades Council emphatically
deny, they claiming that the report was
circulated by the employers in the hope
of causing a break among the machinists.
It is known that the executive commit
tee of the local union has had the nine
hour proposition under consideration for
some time past, but no decisive action has
thus far resulted. Many of the striking
machinists have declared their willingness
to return to work on the Basis proposed,
but in the absence of official recognition
of the plan they are powerless to act. The
strikers have been out of employment
since May 20, and there is great destitu
tion in consequence among those who
have families to support. It is generally
believed among the Iron men that the end.
of the strike is near, and the situation
lrom the employers' standpoint, therefore,
Is full of promise. * ¦
The managers of the principal Iron
works decline to discuss the matter on the
ground that the developments at this date
are such as to prohibit their discussion.
They declare that they will agree on only
one basis for settlement, namely, a re
sumption of operations according to the
schedule in force at the time the strike
was inaugurated.
A committee from the • boiler-makers,
blacksmiths and iron-ship builders is
negotiating with the members of the
Metal Trades Association with a view to
ending the machinists' strike. The com
mittee has visited many of the leading
employers and requested a conference at
which the best terms to be allowed the
strikers are. to be discussed. Thus far, It
is reported, little progress to that end has
been made.
ment on Nine-Hour Basis.
Committee Negotiating for Settle-
Even as he fell one of his assailants
struck his left wrist with a bludgeon,
snapping it like a pipestem. The ruffians
amused themselves kicking the senseless
man, and when help came Poe looked as
If he had gone through a threshing ma
chine. He was taken to the hospital,
where he will remain for several weeks.
His arm is almost useless, and he suffers
other injuries which will render his con
valescence extremely slow. Poe cannot
understand why he was attacked, as he
had no interest in the strike, one way
or the other. He adds that his introduc
tion to San Francisco was not a favorable;
one, and that as soon as he is able he will
shake the dust of the city from his feet
forever.
C. A. Poe, a racing man lately em-
Ployed in Costello's Stables, is at the City
and County Hospital. On the evening of
the day of his arrival in the city, two
weeks ago, he ventured along Howard
street alone, idly smoking a cigarette and
blissfully unconscious of trouble ahead.
He stopped at the corner of Fourth and
began to roll another cigarette. A man
approached him and surveyed him hastily.
Presently he made a sign, and in the
next instant a dozen men came rushing
upon the scene. Poe looked about him to
ascertain the cause of the excitement,
when without the slightest warning he
was hit on the head with a club.
STRIKERS BREAK HIS ARM.
C. Aw Poe Still Suffers From Brutal
" Beating.
of the City Front Federation. It is the
result of this searching,, that makes the
police skeptical. The "result" now forms
an interesting part of the Police Depart
ment's collection of the weapons em
ployed by the modern knight of the road,
,by the up-to-date footpad. The Call to
day produces photographs of a few of
these weapons.
These weapons were all but two taken
from the persons of union pickets on
duty. Two of them were picked up by
the side of unconscious victims of strik
ers violence. Some of them are clubs
rudely fashioned from billets of wood,
some are made from gas pipes,' some
loaded with lead, and all constructed with
the same deadly purpose, /all of them
capable of dealing the death blow to the
non-union victim unfortunate enough to
come within range.
The majority of these deadly weapons
were taken from pickets stationed along
the water front. When the union forces
first commenced using violence the police
contented themselves with disarming the
pickets. This started the collection. The
violence increased, however, and the po
lice adopted more vigorous tactics. The
collection is now large and receives addi
tions every day.
One of the weapons, a neatly construct
ed slungshot, was found on the person of
Lawrence Larson on August 27. The
charge of. carrying a concealed weapon
was dismissed in the Police Court because
Larson declared that he had found it on
the street. One of the most villainous of
them all consists of a club over one end
of which has been forced a ball of hard
rubber. This was used in beating Frank
Bulls and J. Rlerson on Union street on
August 26. Fred Hefferman, a non-union
engineer, was beaten in front of his home
at Green and Larkin streets on Septem
ber 7 with still another of the weapons
now In the poMce'collection. This particu
lar pro-union argument was constructed
of two lengths of gas pipe wrapped in a
sheet of the San Francisco Examiner.
A piece of rubber hose plugged at one
end with a peach stone also figures in the
collection. One picket was provided with
a two-foot length of steel cable, another
with an ebony ruler suspended to a stout
cord. The brass faucet of a beer barrel
figures as the foundation for one of the
weapons, while table legs, chair legs and
other, articles of domestic use' have been
pressed into the service.
James Williams, residence 403 Broadway.
Brought from Folsom street, between Sev
enth and Eighth. Contused wound and lac
eration of the left eye.
Louis Faru, residence Vallejo and Davis
Ftreets. Dislocated arm and lacerations of
the scalp and contusions of the face.
September 23 — Unknown man brought from
Bay and Taylor streets. Jaw broken.
William Marshall. Residence ship Babcock.
Brought from 104 Clay street. Contusions about
the face.
Sept: 19 — Thomas King. Residence 36 Clay
street. Brought from Clay and East streets.
Lacerated wound of the scalp.
Dan Curtln. Srjectator. Lacerated wounds
about the head.
Sept. 20 — Manuel Francisco. Residence.
Romus Hotel. Brought from Howard and East
streets. Lacerations about head and face and
possible Internal injuries.
Sept. 22— C. Ramier. Residence, British ship
Maxwell. Brought from Battery and Pacific
streets. Lacerations about head and face and
contusions about body.
Charles Wahlquist. Residence. 115 Fifer
Ftreet. Brought from Fection 9 of the seawall.
Lacerated wounds of the forehead and scalp.
John Reynolds. Residence, steamer Rainier.
Brought from Battery and Pacific streets. Lac
erated scalp.
William * Miller. Brought from Folsom and
Howard streets. Four lacerated wounds of the
seal p.
H. Takahachl. Brought from Folsom wharf
No. 2. Lacerations of the scalp.
September 18— Charles Jones. Residence. Sac
ramento and I-eidesdofT streets. Brought from
Battery, street" and Broadway. Lacerations
about scalp and face.
September 20-Frank Wood (Curtln's special),
.Prescott House, same, eight lacerated wounds
of scalp, several contusions of both cheeks,
number contusions head; Dr. Bunnell
Louis Goodman, Winchester House, Seventh
and Howard, lacerated wound of scalp and
upper lip. abrased and contused cheek; Dr.
Morrison.
The Harbor Hospital record from September
« to date is as follows:
September 5— J. Beef." residence Mission and
East streets, knife wounds In back.
John L. Strinkemp. residence 529 Sacramento
street, brought from Montgomery and Cali
fornia streets, six scalp wounds and four lac
erations about the temple.
September 6— Frank McGuire. Oakland. East
and Mission streets." lacerated wounds of bead:
died from efTects of his injuries.
-rr^- F-J- lnn ' Oak land, brought from Howard
Wharf I\o 3 lacerated wounds of scalp and
left ear nearly detached from his head.
September 7 — Manuel Silva, 120 Powell street
Battery and Commercial streets, four lacerated
wounds of left temple and one of the lip.
September 8— George Currie. non-resident
brought from Mission Wharf No. 2, lacerated
wound of the scalp and a contusion and abra
sion of the right shoulder.
Edward Fernandez, residence 707 Seventh
street, brought from Mission Wharf No 2
contusion and abrasion of left side and possible
internal injuries.
September 8— William Green, residence 226
Francisco street, brought from Mission and
Steuart streets, lacerated wound of the left
eyebrow.
September 12— James Smith, residence steam
ship National City. ' brought from Mission and
East streets, contusions and abrasion about
face and lacerated wounds about scalp and ud
per lip.
S. Murray, residence steamer City of Puebla.
brought from East and Market streets, lacera
tions about face and head.
September 13— C. Peters, residence ship Aus
tralia, brought from Howard and East streets
two lacerated wounds of the scalp.
M. Westerber*. residence ship Australia,
brought from Howard and East streets, lacer
ated WGund of scalp.
September 14 — Joseph Clements, residence
Crockett, brought from ferry building, lacer
ated wounds of 6calp and contusions of the
face and scalp.
N. Clements, resfdence Crocket, brought from
ferry building, contusions and lacerations
about the head and face.
Fred Callundan. residence Fourth and How
ard streets, brought from Hall of Justice,
broken nose and lacerated ¦ scalp wound.
September 16— Archie Hutchlngrson, residence
ES4 Geary street, brought from Pine and Bat
tery streets, right wrist injured.
John Barry, residence 512 Mission street,
lacerations of right ear, nose, lacerated wounds
about the eyes and contusions of the fade.
John Steinberg, residence Dewey House
brought from East street, near Market, lacer
ated wounds about the face.
John Kaiser, residence C14 Howard street,
brought from Mission and Stewart streets lac
erated wounds of right ear, forehead, lip and
contusions of face.
A. Burns, residence Portland House, brought
from Jackson and East streets', two lacerated
wounds of the scalp.
September 17— Patrick Leonard. residence
ship Haydon Brown, brought from Sansome
and Pacific streets, lacerations about scalp
and eyes.
William F. McAllister. Ill Geary street. Third
and Mission, abrasion and contusion of left
knee; Dr. Morrison.
September 19— Richard Oliver. 602 Howard,
Third and Mission (refused treatment): Dr.
Morrison.
Martin Druskwchi, 1911 Duppnt, Third and
Townsend, abrasion and contusion of forehead
and right eye: Dr. Bunnell.
Steve Hlodelo, 1911 Dupont. Third and Towns
end, lacerated eyelid, lacerated left cheek, for
eign body in forehead, laceration of forehead;
Dr. Bunnell. —
September 19— J. Coleman, Bryant street,
Fourth and Mission, lacerated wound of fore
head and scalp, abrasion or right hand; Dr.
\\ eyer.
Peter C. Dougherty, Model lodging-house,
Mission, between Third and Fourth, contusion
of face and forehead, abrasion of right ear; Dr.
Malaby.
September 18— John Moore, Fulton Iron
Works, same, lacerated wound of 6calp; Dr.
Malaby.
Tom Costello. 679 Minna street, Sixth and
Howard, lacerated wound of scalp, lacerated
fingers right hand; Dr. Malaby.
September 17 — Joe Asalupl, brought from
Fourth street, upper lip contused and abrasion
of lower lip; Dr. Morrison.
J. McEchran, 24 Minna street. Fourth and
Bluxome, two lacerated wounds of 6calp, con
tusion and abrasion of face, eyes, lips, possible
fracture skull; Dr. Armistead.
September 16— Peter Bolliger. 1561 Market.
Sixth and Folsom, lacerated wound of scalp;
Dr. Bunnell.
John Jemmitt, 629 Clay street. Third and
King, lacerated wounds on both eyelids and
eyebrows, contusion on chest and back, frac
tured rib, contusion on face, abrasion on face,
lips and ear: Dr. Bunnell.
Frank Johnson, San Jose, Second and Fol
som, lacerated wound on right eyelid, con
tusion face and forehead; Dr. Bunnell.
September 15— George Cahlll, steamer Santa
Rosa, Bluxome and Fourth, two abrasions of
face, lacerated lip, contusion face, hematoma
scalp; Dr. Armistead.
September 13— Elmer Jefferson, Overland
Freight Company, Bryant street, Fourth and
Mission, laceration over each eye; ¦ Dr. Mal
aby.
September 12— I*. G. Frenette, 874 Mission
street. Fourth and Harrison, two lacerated
wounds of scalp, laceration of forehead, con
tusion left leg; Dr. Armistead.
James O'Brien, 419 Brannan street. Third
and Bryant, fractured nose; Dr. Armistead.
September 11— Henry Franklin, 811 Illinois
street, Fourth and Townsend, laceration of
scalp, contusion of face, abrasion of ear; Dr.
Eunnnell.
September 10— H. Wilber, International«Ho
tel, Fourth and Bluxome, lacerations and con
tusions of head, face and body; Dr. Cunning
ham.
September 8— Thomas F. Gorman, S562 Mis
sion street. Seventh and Market, abrasion of
face, contusion of left eye; Dr. Morrison.
Charles Whitcombe, Plcard, Cal., Grand Op
era-House, lacerated wound of scalp, contu
sion of face, possible internal injury; Dr.
Malaby.
September 7— Jftmes Hallissy, Seventeenth
and Guerrero, Fourth and Bryant, contusion
and abrasion of face; Dr. Morrison.
James Haney, 637 Mission street, foot of
Fourth, lacerated wound of scalp; Dr. Mal
aby.
Bryant streets, abrasion of right eye; Dr.
Armistead.
September 6— John Kiener, Central House,
Market and New Montgomery streets, lacer
ated wound on right eyebrow; Dr. Malaby.
Charles Kiener, Central House, Market and
New Montgomery streets, lacerated wound on
scalp, abrasion of right ear, abrasion- of face,
lacerated nose; Dr. Malaby.*
IRON- STBIKKRS WAVEBIKTG.
After some further discussion' the party
separated with the understanding that the
police would be sustained officially and
otherwise. The strike leaders agreed to
urge a more conciliatory- policy upon the
strikers, although they were of the opin
ion that the recent assaults were the
work of hoodlums rather than the rank
and file of the strikers themselves.
supported by all good citizens In prevent
ing it. Their plan was to keep the streets
safe for those who pass by. He told ¦ the
leaders that it was an established fact
that no man suspected of being a non
union employe was safe on the streets;
that they were stopped and asked wheth
er they were union men or non-union
men, or whether they would give up their
work or not, and if the answer was not
satisfactory they would receive serious
and sometimes mortal injuries. The po
lice were trying to prevent this by the
best possible means, and the Mayor asked
the leaders of the strike to assist the po
lice in preventing these outrages.
A gang of -strikers yesterday morning
opened fire, from a window on Howard
street, near First, on Special Officer Ellis
and a non-union j teamster. None of the
shots took effect. Ellis, who is employed
by the^Overlanrl , Transfer Company, was
riding on a truck accompanied by the
non-union teamster when suddenly a bul
let whizzed past his head. Before he had
a chance to draw his revolver six more
shots rang out in quick succession. . The
teamster, becoming frightened, jumped
from the truck and disappeared down the
street. . Ellis returned the fire, but as far
as is known none of the attacking party
was hit. As soon as the police learned
of the dastardly attempt to murder Ellis
and the teamster a large posse of officers
was sent to the scene. They made a
thorough search for the murderous strik
ers but failed to find them. Ellis says he
recognized one of the men and to-day he
intends to swear out a warrant for his
arrest.
A striker concealed In a lumber yard at
Fifth and Brannan streets about 10
o'clock succeeded ,in keeping people in
that vicinity in a state of terror for sev
eral minutes. He opened fire on Special
Officer Michael Burke, who was guarding
a non-union teamster driving a truck for
the Overland Transfer Company. The spe
cial officer fired several return shots, but
neither his fire nor that of the concealed
striker took any effect. When the police
arrived on the scene the striker had dis
appeared. ¦
fAt the corner of Third and Brannan
streets, where a crowd had congregated,
a striker fired a- number of times at a
special and a non-union teamster in the
employ of McNab& Smith. The special
did not hesitate to return the fire, but as
far as is known his bullets flew wild. One
of the bullets ¦from the striker's revolver
entered the home of Mrs. A. B. Johnson,
who resides at 415 Brannan street, and al
most struck her In the head. When the
special officer commenced to fire the
strikers fled into some of the neighboring
yards. -
2j strike leaders, as well as some
public officials and speakers, that the city
was In a state of peace and quiet was re
futed in a forceful manner in the danger
district south of Market street. Three
fusillades that occurred in the morning
served to startle residents in the vicinity
of the Brotherhood of Teamsters' head
quarters. Fortunately ho one was struck
by the flying missiles, but during the
shooting a state of terror prevailed among
householders in the line of fire.
f^T|<HE resumption 1 of reckless shoot
1 ing by strikers was the principal
I feature of the strike situation yes
. II terday. The assertion by the
STRIKERS OPEN FIRE
UPON SPECIAL POLICE
Many Flying Bullets Imperil the Lives of
Residents in 4 the Danger District—Mayor
Phelan Talks With the Strike Leaders
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1901.
Scores of Workingmen With Broken Bones and Battered Bodies
Lie on Cots of Suffering, While the Strike Leaders and Sym
pathizers Assert That Disorder Is but a Newspaper Phantom
MAIMED VICTIMS OF THE VENGEANCE
OF STRIKERS CROWD THE HOSPITALS
Continued Front Third Page.
BATTERED BODIES ARE EVIDENCE,
Continued From Third Page.
PICKETS WITH BARBAROUS WEAPONS
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Specialists
& 2^ J for
STRICTLY RELIABLE.
Dr. Talcott & Co.
BY FAR THE MOST FREQUENT CAUSE
of nervous disorders of the male Is
A Damaged Prostate Gland
The Prostate Gland (so-called neck of blad-
der) is a Etructure very rich In nerves. When
the terminations of these nerves are kept in a
constant et&te of excitement by chronic In-
flammatory processes It appears very clear
that by transmission of this Irritation to other
nerves the patient may be subject to nervous
phenomena of the most varied character. Pre-
maturecees. Lot>s of Vitality, etc.. are not
weaknesses, but symptoms of this inflamma-
tion. We have prepared a colored chart, which
V« will 6end free on application, by which any
one interested can readily understand why, if
he has been treated for a weakness, he has not
been cured. We particularly solicit this class
of cases, and can promise a epeedy cure.
997 Market Sfc, Cor. Sixth.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great d
Shuseum of anatomy?
\ CjF The Larrest Anatomical Museum in the \
A __jfi_ ._ World. Wealr.r.estes or anjr contracted Q
• vxFsS?} <*««t p«ilil"ljr»r«l by the oldest f
0) f jL» 5"j I Specialist on the Ccist , iiL 36 years. Q
A i&V*o OR. JORDAN-DISEASES OF MEN A
1 f C%5pT&(i Consultation free and strictly private. \
A I xJW'n Treatment personally or by letter. A ff
V fl I/ no AmriK Curein every caseundcrtaien. T
drn \\m ttWforB»v.rniLOKOpnv»fA
"'If I™ MAnnlACK. MAILED FREE. .{A r
/• U U- valuable book for am) i
9 Kill. JUBDA.XdrCO., 10S1 Market St.. S. F. ¥
AMUSEMENTS.
Evening at 8 sharp! Matinee Saturday at 9
sharp!
OARMEN.
Great Cast TVlth COLLAMARINI.
Wednesday, Friday. Saturday'
NABUCCO.
SALASSA. BARBARESCHI. DADO. POL-
LETTINI.
NEXT WEEK— "CAVALLEBIA" and "PAO-"
LIACCI."
POPULAR PRICES 25c. 10c and 73o
- . . Telephone Bush 9.
MATIXEES SATURDAY AND StJNDAT.
TO-NIGHT and Every Evening This Week!
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Richard Mansfield's Favorite Play, " f: ~
"DR. JEKYLL AND MR. HYDE."
Founded on Robert Louis Stevenson's Story, •
POPULAR PRICES 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c, 75o
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees. 23c. '
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next "Week— Joseph Haworth In "THE MER-
CHAXT OF. VENICE." ¦ .
THE RECORD BREAKER.
TO-NIGHT. ALL THIS WEFJC
MATINEE SATURDAY ONLY.
H swi- ' c Bcst Woi * k
1 1 %Jy L d and Masterpiece
A TEXAS STEER,
ALL STAR COMPANY.
Direct from Hoyt's Madison Square Theater
New York.
FRICES-25C. 33c. 50c. 73c. $1.
SEATS NOW SELLING
Next Sunday Night— WEST'S BIO MTN.
STREL JUBILEE. . *"*
SEATS THURSDAY.
BEtASCO AMoTHAi.CS j'^j^er
' TO-NIGHT, Every Evening This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Elaborate Production of the Famous Play
LITTLE LORD
FAUNTLEROY^
Masniflcently Staged and Presented by th«
Augmented Central Theater Company.
See OLLIE COOPER as the LITTLE LORD.
pDlffrV Evenings 10c. 13c. 25e. 33c. SOo
•tt'vCJ Matinees Me. lie. 25o
Nsxt Week— "KIDNAPED." y
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS "WEEK.
FLORENCE ROBERTS.
FAREWELL WEEK. - .
EXTRAORDINARY REVIVAL.
SAPHO.
SPECIAL SOUVENIR MAT. THuiiSDAY.
ONLY REGULAR MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week— Opening ot New Stock Company
, in "LIBERTY HALL."
_ AD VEBTISBTJENTS. • ;j__
Last Week of tlie Alteration Sale
If you can stand the carpenters' hammering and .the
dirt and the noise necessary to alterations, for the sake of
saving a big percentage on every purchase, then you will be
interested in these alteration sale prices. We have but five
days left in this week to wind up this sale, and it shall -be the
greatest five days we have ever had in our history. Read
every item, carefully— it means a vital saving to you. , ,
Dress Goods.
French Tricot Cloth — '
A new fall fabric in the new shades of reseda, golf red, strawberry,
castor, helio, royal, delf, also in black — a strictly all-wool cloth — for
children's dresses, evening waists and dressing sacques — bought to sell
at 40c— alteration sale price , 25c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
English Pilot Serge— j;V:
For separate skirts and outing suits — navy and black only — fast dye,
perfect finish — pure wool — 52 inches wide — selling regularly at 75c — for
alteration sale 40c Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
Granite Poplin Suitings— , y"
A stylish fall weave — in all the latest shades of castor, goblin, reseda,
new blue, ox-blood, gray and brown — also in fast black — 37 inches wide
— all wool and mohair — a regular 50c cloth — for the alteration sale
, 33c Yard
For sale ai Market-street store only.
Black Kerses Cloth— >J§]
A swell material for tailor-made suits, jackets and capes, etcypure
wool — sporiged and shrunk— rich, panne finished surface^ — $2 inches
wide — warranted fast, midnight black — a good value at $1.50 a yard — for
the alteration sale OSc Yard
For sale at Market-street store only.
Beddings and Curtains*
California Wool Blankets— >.
An extra heavy, extra largu double bed blanket— of an elegant quality
of lamb's wool — was bough" from the manufacturers by us to sell at
¦"* $5.00 — in order to boom the sales in this department we offer them as
a special beginning to-day at $3.90 Pair
For sale at Market-street store only.
White Bed Spreads— y
One case of our famous ooc crocheted bedspreads, Marseilles pattern,
ready hemmed, will be placed on the tables as a special for alteration
sale to-day at 65c Each
For sale at Market-street store only.
Lace Curtains —
Genuine Nottingham' lace curtains — in white or ecru — 3 yards long, will
be on 'sale to-day— these have a close, heavy net— sell ; regularly for
$1.90 pair — are specially adapted for tedrooms and dining-rooms^ — al-
teration sale price ; J£1«*>O Pair
For sale at Market-street store only.
Pillow Cases—
An exceedingly heavy grade hemstitched pillow case — 45x36 inches-
made of undressed muslin with a three-inch hem — have been selling in
our store for 15c each — these will be placed on sale for the first tine to-
day at ..I 12j^c Each
For sale at Market-street store only.
f " 1O7 m 209 POST StTm
Even the woman who boasts that she
earns her own bread and butter- likes to
have a man treat her to Ice cream.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SMBEN1T0C0. -
We are developing more ore every day and
will build a large furnace aa soon as poiislble.
A limited amount of treasury stock Is offered
at Stic per share for this purpose. At the Silver
Creek Quicksilver Mine the furnace is running
and producing Quicksilver and large bodies of
rich ore are being' uncovered. Quicksilver for
sale in lots to suit.
Investigate this offer.
H. R. BRADFORD. General Managir,
7 North Market St., Ban »'ose.
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office. 413
Kearny St.. San Francisco.
F. DE FREITAS. Agent.
PALACE HOTEL"
For a quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarter:; of
tourists and travelers who have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to San Francisco. Guests en'.er-
tained on the American or European
plan.
GRAND HOTEL.
markeTst! s7^SS^
AMUSEMENTS. _
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Mr. Melville Stoltz Presents
THOS. Q.
SEABROOKE
In Sydney Rosenfeld's Romantic Comic Play.
f\ MODERN CRUSOE
PRICES $1.50. ?1, 75c, 50c, 33c, 25c.
•mo c /day7 g SEPTEMBER 30,
HIGH FLYERS jFvAUDEVILLE !
The Svengalis, Press Eldridge, Parros
Brothers, Dorothy Morton, the
- Misses Delmore and Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Karsy and Their
Giant Myriophone,. Stella. Lea,
Marsh and Sartella and the Bio-
graph.
Reserved Seats. 23c; Balcony. 10c; Box iieats.
and Opera Chairs, 50c.
FI<3CHFT*'S concert house.
r ldl>nrili O Admission lOc.
Lester Reeves, Pearl Clough and Arthur Rou-
seli: Robert Nome, Lynton and Wild; th« Ber-
nards, . Richards and Kelyea and our unr: valed
orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 25c. Matinee Sunday. . .
OPEN NIGHTS
SUTRO **ATHS..
Open daily from 7 a. m. to 11 p. ra.
. Bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. IOC. CHILDREN. -5C. ;
Bathing, including admission. 25c. Children. 20c.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
EEHSB2SJaEffiBKEEEaHHnHHfflHEHHBaHEBHHSE2aanHHnBH»l
3. SPECIAL SALE OF j
I LADIES' TAILOR-MADE SUITS. J
! CLOAK and SUIT HOUSE j
g TUESDAY,. SEPTEMBER 24,, 1901." 5
I 1OO Tailored Suits, j
S THEY ECLIPSE THE BEST PAST SPECIALS. READ, THEN JUDGE I
•m JP \J-T* 1 V U .t\Olju V IjO. K
B PEDESTRIANS' SUITS. Oxford, black, ' invisible striped polflng cloth; ex- B
52 cellent workmanship; perfect fitting; newest styles and very reasonable ¦
H at $16 50. Special .: $12.50 |
9 TAILOR SUITS, fall shades of brown, tan and blue Venetian cloth; made ¦
H ¦.-•• in nobby Eton and box effects; first-class tailoring; nt is faultless and ¦
« lined with extra quality satin Italian cloth;. an excellent $20 suit. Special >
.¦ • ......................T......... f:. $15.00 !
g $20.00, $25.00, 533.00, $35.00, High Novelties, Exclusive Styles. I
B MISSES' AND CHILDREN'S DRESSES. RAGLANS. AUTOMOBILES AND K
B ' BOX COATS AT POPULAR PRICES. ' 8
| LADIES' RAGLANS, AUTO OX COATS. i
n The new back,' excellent material and first-class workmanship at JRS.oO. I
K '¦ -' , ¦;. ¦»1O.'»12.5O and *13. ¦' • ~ ¦ \ I
Q ARTISTIC •INOVELTY RAGLANS at..;...g20, 825, $30, $35 and 840". ¦
¦ y 1230, 1232, 1234 MARKET STREET. |BALTIMORE. Sept. 23.— Arch Mc-
Eachern and Major Taylor raced at the
traveling with tho ducal party were the
only ones to make the trip.
The Duke and Duchess returned to
Rideau Hall ort the special cat. Lato in
tho afternoon a committee representing
the ladles of Ottawa called and presented
the Duchess with a mink cs.pe. Lady
Laurler made tho presentation.
MISS MARY E. PARKS, WHO
WILL WKD FRED W. BRAD
LEY, A MINING ENGINEER.
Experts believe that the recont finan
cial crlsln In Japan will help to repeal the
old law which forbids the holding of land
by aliens And discourages tho Inflow of
foreign capital.
rated with strings of red, white and green
flags. The streets are brilliantly Illu
minated with electric lights.
The programme for to-morrow will in
clude a bullfight, which will take place In
the afternoon. Four wild bulls from the
Jefferson James ranch will be placed In
the pen, and Captain Ramltos, a noted
matador of Spain and Mexico, will give
them battle. The unlmals aro not to be
tortured. The banderlllns will have no
darts to them, but they will be stuck
on the bulls by meant of well-gummed
paper. Captain Ramitos will show hla
dexterity in eluding the charges mude by
the fierce animals.
Treasurer Nourso Resigns.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 23.—
Treasurer John T. Nourse tendered his
resignation to the executive committee of
the Associated Students to-day. It wan
accepted. The sub-committee appointed
to make a settlement with Nourse agreed
that tho Associated Students Bhould pay
him $200 cash, give him their note for
$300 properly secured and antiume all ob
ligation* that ho has Incurred as treas
urer.
SHOOTS HERSELF INSTEAD
OF THE MOUNTAIN LION
San Bernardino County "Woman Has
Unfortunate Experience With
a Revolver.
SAN BERNARDINO. Sept. 23.— Two
bright eyes, shining like balls of lire at
the side of the road in Waterman canyon,
were the cause of a bullet wound in Mrs.
Switzer's left leg. The woman and her
son came down from Geurnsey's Mill In
the mountains on Saturday, to see the cir
cus. At dusk they started on the lonely
return trip.. When just above Vales Camp
In Waterman canyon, Mrs. Swltzer no
ticed the shining eyes of what she be
lieved to be a mountain lion at the side
of tho road. She thought the beast was
about to leap upon her, and hastily drew
and cocked a revolver. She put the wea
pon in her lap while she tightened the
reins of her horse.
At that moment the revolver was dis
charged, and the bullet plowed its way
entirely through the fleshy part of Mrs.
Swltzer's left leg, between the knee and
thigh. The lion Immediately disappeared
and could be, heard rapidly picking its
way through the brush.
Mrs. Swltzer returned to the city, ar
riving at midnight, and had her wound
dressed by Dr. Colllver. She is 45 years
of age, and her husband works at the
mill In the mountains.
EOYAL PARTY SPEND DAY
ON THE OTTAWA RIVER
Make a Trip on a Baft to the Lumber
Camps and View the
Forests.
OTTAWA, Ont.. Sept. 23.— Tho Duk« and
Duchess of Cornwall spent to-dny on tho
Ottawa River and In tho forest lining Its
hunks. They were given a complote ex
position of a lumberman's life.
i Tho royal party was brought In from
Rldortu Hall on a specially built electric
car and boarded nix rafts at Orojcon
Btreet. Tho rafts woro manned by half
a dozen river men in rod Khlrtn and bluo
Jeuntt. From the ruft uHnlgnccl to tho
Duko and Duchess floated tho roynl
standard. Besides the v mombora of thn
royal party tho Governor General nnd
Countess Mlnto, Premier Laurior nnd
Lady Laurler, rcprosentntlvoB of tho lum
bermen and tho newspaper correspondents
Cloud Rutter, scientific assistant of tho
United States Fish Commission, has been
sent to this coast for the purpose of In
vestigating the habits of salmon. He has
established headquarters on the Sacra
mento River, near Rio Vista, and is al
ready at work. The rate of migration of
salmon and their loss of weight in swim
ming from the river mouths to spawning
grounds have been u subject for much un
otllclal study by both the State and Na
tional commissions for the last two years,
nnd Mr. Kutter will gather the necessary
material for statistics.
The adult fish will be caught by means
of gill nets. , Their weight will then be
determined to the third of an ounce. After
the fish have been branded with numerals
on tho right operculum they will be lib
erated and will be retaken at the^ spawn
ing grounds, where they will be again
weighed. Comparison with the previous
figures will determine the exact loss of
weight on the trip. Mr. Rutter will con
tinue his work throughout the season
while the salmon arc running at Rio
Vista.
This is the first official- inquiry which
has been made into the subject, and re
sults will be watched for with a great
deal of interest by those engaged in pisca
torial study. When the present Investiga
tion has been completed Mr. Rutter pur
poses to secure new information regarding
the habits of young salmon.
Investigation to Begin on
Sacramento River Im
mediately.
Well-Ifnown Scientist Is
Here . to Compile
Statistics.
ADULT SALMON
ARE HIS STUDY
Condolence by Austrian Society.
At a meetine of tho Austrian Benevo
lent Society held recently tho following
resolutions were adopted:
Whereas. Throughout this great domain the
true liberty lovlns; citizen is bowed down in
grief through the death of our beloved Presi
dent, William McKInley, who met his untimely
end through tho hands uf a cowardly ussangln,
the despised anarchist; therefore be It
Resolved, By the Austrian Benevolent Socloty
that they deeply deplore the Krent Ions which
this nation hn» sustained and Join our fellow
citizen* in denouncing anarchism and Its teach*
Iiikh and condemning the dastardly net In tak
ing th« life of him who has Advanced this na
tion to the head of nil nations of this universe
na cowardly nnd a blow at liberty and freedom;
and b« It further ' ,
Resolved, That we tender our alncere condo
lence to the stricken widow and relatives of our
deceased l'rwldent with an earnest wlshthut
they may Ionic be spared to enjoy tho confidence
and reipect of a grieving; and »*ruu>ful people;
and b« It further i ;
nesnlved, That a copy of these resolutions be
Cul>llr£ed in tho dally papers of this city; and
e It r\rther
RaiolVfcri. That the Austrian nen«vol#nt Bo
clety adjburns Km meeting . until W*dnen<Uy,
October 2. out of respect to our martyred Presi
dent. William McKInley.
M. RCANAT1CM. President.
DB WITT \V. TdLL, Recording Secretary.
The Big Basin Lumber Company haa
concluded not to charge tho Stute $100 per
acre for' the lands in the Big Basin in
Santa Cruz County. This fact is brought
back from the Big Basin by tho Redwood
Park Commissioners and the members of
the advisory committee, who went down
to find out for themselves whether the
basin was adapted for a park. Mr. Mld
dleton, who acted as spokesman for tho
Big Basin Lumber Company, agreed to
shade off the price to $S0 per acre, so says
one of the advisory committee members.
At this rate a clean cut was made of
$50,000 from the price asked at the time
The Call began to look into the real value
of the basin timber lands, for which it
has since been abundantly abused by cer
tain newspapers and individuals. The
tract, for which $250,000 was to be paid by
the State if the Commissioners agreed to
give tho lumber company's price, com
prised 2500 acres. It is ascertained that
some of the best of this land was bonded
tor HO per acre by the company.
The commission has not decided to take
any particular tract for a park. The
Commissioners and advisory committee
visited only that part of the basin that
has been opened up by trails, the re
mainder being Inspected by the timber ex
perts employed by the commission. One
of the gentlemen of tho official party says
that there are several conditions prece
dent to the acceptance of the lands. One
is that both Santa Cruz and Santa Claru
counties shall construct roads to the
basin. Another is that .enough land shall
be acquired in addition to the tract now
marked out by the Big Basin Lumber
Company to make the exterior boundaries
symmetrical. The lumber people offer
now to furnish 700 acres in addition to the
original tract. The Commissioners be
lieve that it will be possible to acquire
1S00 acres more at a rate of about $10 per
acre. If this could be accomplished the
State would have a park of 5000 acres in
stead of one of 2500 acres, and all for the
price that it has been proposed to charge
for 2500 acres. The official party that vis
ited the Big Basin included the following
named:
Commissioners— Governor Gage, Rev. Father
Kenna. Professor Dudley of Stanford Uni
versity. A. \\\ Foster and \V. H. Mills. Ad
visory committee— N. P. Chliirnan, J. U. Ham
mond. Drury Melone. Hervey Llndley and W..
W. Van Arsdale.
The commission will meet soon to re
ceive the report of the timber experts. No
proposition will be considered that does
not include possession by the State of the
west fork of tho Waddell Creek within
the park boundaries.
Commissioners to Consider
the Offering at Next
Meeting.
Owners of tho Proposed
Park Take Off 20
Per Cent.
CUT THE PRICE
FOR BIG BASIN
NORTHERN BELLE WILL
MARRY A MINING MAN
Fred W. Bradley, President of Bunker Hill
Company, to Wed Miss Mary" E. Parks,
the Daughter of a Jackson Capitalist
Suicide of John Matthias Foge.
John Matthias Foge, a retired farmer
C2 yvsarB old. hanged himself with a leath
er Mraji yesterday forenoon in a barn In
the rear of his residence. 22 Chenery
street. He had been sick for a long time
and had threatened to do away with him
self. His wife found the body at half
past 11 o'clock In the forenoon. A son of
the decedent keeps a grocery at the In
tersection of Firth and Mission streets.
Fisher's Concert Houss.
Richards and Itelyea. knockabout acro
bats, raised roars of laughter at Fischer's
Concert House last night and Lynton and
VA ild presented an amusing travesty
Pearl Clough and Arthur Rousell. tal
ented children, eang and cakewalked
Robert Nome made a hit with his sax
ophone solos, Lester Reeves was numer
ously encored for his barytone songs and
the Bernards pleased with their skit. The
house was packed. • '-• •¦;:
Cathedral Fair Daily Paper.
A feature of St. Mary's Cathedral fair
that takes place next, month at the Me
chanics' Pavilion will be the publishing of
a daily paper, with Thomas F. Prender
gast as editor in chief. The paper Is to
be known as the Cathedral Chronicle
The staff is made up as follows:
,,£??• P V. °' R > an - manager. 87 Flood bulldingr:
VI Uliam R. lloore, assistant manager 37 Flood
building: Thomas F. Prenderrast. editor in
chief. Mills building; editorial staff-Frank T
fhea. Joseph S. Jordan. Ed F. Moran. James
H. Bcanlan. Sidney Robertson. James P Dona
hue; special contributors— Rev. James McDon
ald. Ed F. Cahill. Thomat Nunan. Mrt. K M
Nestfield. C. H. Jessen. Richard K. White ' Y<£
ward J. Llvernash. Joseph Cassell. Frederick
OBrien, Wallace Irwin. Judge Frank J. Muras
ky: artists— W. A. Coulter, Herbert A l KO e
William J. Kelly. James A. Cahill. * '
S. G. Murphy, President of the First
National Bank, Is Elected
Treasurer.
At a meeting of the McKInley memorial
committee yesterday In the Mayor's of
fice S. G. Murphy, president of the First
National Bank, was elected treasurer. It
was decided to issue an appeal to the
public. A circular ¦will be sent to all
banks, business houses, fraternal socie
ties, clubs and associations requesting
that they make contributions. Lists will
be exhibited in banks, the Mayor's office
and in other public and private offices.
The following subscriptions were re
ceived yesterday:
Previously suscribed $2S43 15
Ceptain James M. McDonald , 1000 00
French colony, throuffh July 14th com
mittee | 300 00
Dr. A. M. Barkan MOO
I>r. L. Bazet MOO
Hwht Brothers : 100 00
Joseph Lyons ...;. 50
Total £1313 65
CONTRIBUTIONS COMING
IN TO MEMORIAL FUND
Union League and Pacific
Union Clubs Bar
The Examiner.
Other Social Organizations
Are Expected to Take
Similar Action.
The directors of the Union League
Club met yesterday, and In obedience to
the expressed will of the club member-
Bhlp, resolved to exclude the Examiner
from the institution. President McKln
ley wiik an honorary member of the
League. He was elected several yearn
prior to his candidacy for President of
the United States. The Union Lenrue i
was tho only club that he visited during
his fiojoum In San Francisco last May.
The directors of the Paclflc-l'nlon yes
terday adopted a resolution excluding the
Examiner from the club premises. The
yellow press is banished from the San
Krancisco. University, Cosmos, Pacitic-
Unlon*, Merchant?, Concordia, Union
League and Burlingame clubs, and the
San Francisco Verein.
The example of the Chamber of Com
merce In excluding the Examiner will
doubtless be followed by the Merchants'
Association. The directors of the associa
tion will meet next Friday. The Produce
Exchange, the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, the San Francisco
Board of Trade and the Merchants' Ex
change will. In all probability, take sim
ilar action. The president of the Board of
Trade will Issue a call for a special meet
ing to consider the subject.
SAN JOSE. Sept. 23.— Yellow journalism
received a severe rebuke In San Jose on
Saturday evening at the banquet given
by the National Union of this city to 100
guests from San, Francisco. While Jollity
and cheer prevailed about the festive*
board the participants refused to give
their names for publication to reporters
without first being assured the newspaper
men did not represent Hearst's Examiner,
as they would not allow their names to
be published in that saffron-hued Journal.
Many scathtng remarks were made about
the Hearst sheets. The National Union
la a patriotic order that was founded in
Vj'ashington, D. C.
Bars Examiner Reporters.
JS 50 round trip from San Francisco.
Oakland. Alameda, Berkeley. Sacramen
to and Intermediates by Bpeclal train from
San Francisco, 8 a. m. Saturday, October
5 including lako trips. Tickets good ono
week. Special low rates at hotels. Tin*
last excursion of the season. Details 013
Market street.'
You Can Go to Lake Tahoe.
MADERA, Sept. 23.— Everything Ib In
readinexfl for the carnival that will open
here to-morrow, nnd If the weather mod
erate* there undoubtedly will be a lnrfro
crowd nrouent. The bullpen, a largo affair
built In circular form, with, a neatlnR ca
pacity of 4000. is completed, tho bulldlnffs
for tnr midway are finished nnd tho at
tractions will bo In full swing to-morrow
morning. The city has been gayly deco-
Eull-Fight on the Programme for
¦ To-Dny's Entertainment.
MADERA READY FOR FIESTA.
Laborer Struck by Car.
Svcn Peterson, a longshoreman, em
ployed on Jackson-street wharf, while at
tempting to crawl out of a ditch at San
Bruno road and Channel street, was
struck by an Inward bound car of the
Folsom street line last night. He was
taken to the Southern Pacific Hospital,
whore his Injuries, consisting of bruises
about the head and face, were dressed by
Drs. Aldcrson and Smyth. He was later
removed to the City and County Hospi
tal. It is thought that his skull is frac
tured.
Afro- American League Meets.
The Afro-American League of this city
held an enthusiastic rally Mast night at
Bethel Church. The following named offi
cers wtre elected:
President. S. M. Davison; vice president,
William F. Ford; secretary. S. C. Rogers;
Treasurer, G. W. Mitchell.
Addresses were made by Chaplain T. G.
Stewart. Twenty-fifth United States In
fantry; the Rev. F. G. Snelson, W. F.
Ford. J. C. Rivers. T. B. Morton and S.
M. Davison.
John E. McDouzall, who was nominated
for Treasurer at the last meeting of tho
T'nion Labor party convention, withdrew
from the ticket last night. The conven
tion, which again met in B'nal B'rith
Hall, nominated R. \\\ Roberts, an em
ploye-of the San Francisco Laundry and
a member of the Laundry Drivers' Union,
in his' stead.
After a lengthy debate It was decided
by a vote of 142 to 96 to retain the prefer
ential system of voting for Supervisors.
Nominations for Supervisors were made
as follows:-
Twenty-eighth Assembly District— John J.
Allen. Amalgamated Sheet Metal Worker*:
John M. Murphy. United Metal Workers; Rob
ert Grltnmler. Cooks' and Waiters 1 Alliance.
Twenty-ninth Anembly District— J. K. Mc-
Em>e. Brotherhood of Teamsters; Walter Mai
loy. StereotyrietV Union; A. 11. Ewell. Inter
national bteam Kiiclneers; Thomas Finn.
Etablemen's Union.
Thirtieth Assembly District— Charles A. Cal
houn. United Garment Workers; Timothy Ny
han. Coal Sliovelers.
Thirty-first Assembly District— Thomas Rea
fran. Pai-ers.' Hammer*" and Laborers' Union.
Thirty-second Assembly District— T. J. Ma
honey. Longshore Lumbermen; W. J. Evatt,
Brotherhood of Teamsters! JohnCoghlan, Long
shoremen; G. W. Getchell. Boilermakers and
Iron-ship Builders' Helpers: \V. P. Flynn.
Stablemen's L'nlon; Charles Harcourt. Ship
builders and Boilermakers.
Thirty-third Assembly District— Rudolph
Ubais. Tanners; Washington Kugler. Bartend
er*. ¦
Thirty-rourth Assembly District— Frank J.
Lane. VarnUhers and Polishers: Joseph
O'Neill, Brotherhood of Teamsters.
Thirty-fifth Atsembly District— George B.
McCleilan, Shi» Calkers.
Thirty-sixth Assembly District— H. B. Wll
llston. Steam !*iuiuiry Workers: Jnmea
E. Brlen, Typographical: Edward I. Walsh.
Khoe Workers.
Th!rty-se\(yith AFscmbly District— James
Alre. Blacksmiths: John J. Holland. Bartend
ers: Geor«re Ltuis. Laundry Drivers.
Thirty-eighth Afsembly District— W. J.
Wynn. Machinists.
Forty-first Assembly District— J. J. Bernard,
Coopers; J. A. Lynch. Glazers and Glass
Workers.
Forty-second Assembly District— Joseph 61. ;
Lyons. Amalgamated Meat Cutters.
Forty-fourth Assembly District— J. C. Schul
thels. Coremakers; Hubert McKevltt. Rigger*
end Stevedores.
Forty-fifth Assembly District— D. S. .White, j
Allied Printing Trades. j
Objection was made to W. P. Flynn of !
the Stablemen's Union on the pround that
he was working for an unfair firm, but
his nomination was allowed to stand.
A committee composed of A. Cridge. J. I
8. Parry. J. C. Lane, C. H. Young and i
\V. Delany was appointed to ascertain j
the lepal eligibility of candidates and re- 1
port to the convention to-night. '¦'.' i
YELLOW PHESS
IS BANISHED
Many Men Placed on 'List
for the Supervisorial
Nominations.
p-ri-a HB wedding of* Frederick W,
I Urudloy, tho well-known mining
I engineer of thin city, and Miss
JJL Mary Elizabeth Parks of Jackson,
Amador County, will be celebrated
on September 26. The nuptial knot will
be tied at tho homo of the bride's parents
in Jackson.
The engagement of the young couple
was announced several days ago and
caused quite a flutter among their large
circle of friends. Tlio bride will have
Miss Ida La Nolr as her maid of honor
and the groom will be attended by Colonel
Jeff E. Doolittle as best man.
At the conclusion of the reception
which follows the marriage ceremony the
newly made husband and wife will take
a train for this city and engage Quarters
at the Lick, where they will bo domiciled
for an extended period.
Miss Parks is one of the best-known
belles of Northern California. She Is the
daughter of J. F. Parks, Amndor Couftty'B
leading and wealthy mining operator. Her
father is largely Interested in the Ken
nedy and other famous gold-producing
properties of that section of the State.
Mr. Bradley Is president of the Bunker
Hill and Sullivan Mining Company., He
is also resident manager of the London
Exploration Company, the latter position
having fallen to him after the death of
Captain Robert E. Mein.
John B. McDougall Will
Not Make Race for
Treasurer.
LABOR NOMINEE
WITHDRAWS NAME
The moth does the most mischief whlla
taking a nap.
Coliseum to-night for one. two and five
miles back of motors. Taylor won the>
first and McEachern the second and third
events. Time for first mile, 1:31; second,
1:30 3-5.
McEachern had no trouble in winning
the five-mile event. At the end of the
first mile McEachern passed Taylor and
the latter quit. McEachern finished a lit
tle over half a mile In the lead in 7-: 17.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 3 901.
McEachern Wins Five Mile Race.
8
STATEMENT
'. OP THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OP THE
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OP
Pennsylvania, on the 31st day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1900, and for the year endlnjc on
that day. as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioner of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections .610 ant! 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank fur-
nished by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up
in Cash $400.000 00
ASSETS. ~
Real Estate owned by Company 1229,666 67
Loans on Bonds and Mortgages 735,100 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks
and Bonds owned by Company 3.6S0.0T3 00
Amount of Loans secured by pledge
of Bonds. Stocks, and other mar-
ketable securities as collateral 243.200 00
Cash In Company's Office 1.632 91
Cash In Banks...- 144.05181
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 1.664 59
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 12.344 40
Premiums In due Course of Collec-
tion 289,093 7*
Rents due and accrued.'. 393 47
Total Assets $5,337,222 43
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid. $36. SOD SO
Losses in process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 133.S09 22
Losses resisted, including expenses.. S.6C0 00
Gross Dremiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less. J1.67S.113 4:1;
reinsurance 50 per cent S39.0S6 71
Gross oremlums on Fire Risks run-
, nlr.g more than one year, $1,633,- '
E71 22; reinsurance pro rata S79.944 83
Amount reclalmable by the Insured
on perpetual Fire Insurance poli-
cies 851.117 95
All other liabilities. 4.000 00
Total Liabilities .' J2.773.03S 58
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flie
premiums $1,913,994 54
Received for Interest on Bonds -and
Mortgages ; 29.204 62
Received for interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans, and from
all other sources 174.357 23
Received for Rents 9.663 43
Received for Transfer Fees. etc.... 1.061 23
Total Income .J2.133.2S6 09
EXPENDITURES. ; \
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $ losses of prt-
vlous years) $1,331,010 18
Dividends to Stockholders 100,000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission cr
Brckerage 443.125 67
Paid fpr Salaries. Fees, and oth«r
charges for ofneers, clerks, etc 93.508 00
Paid for State. National, and Loct.I
taxes 61.910 35
All other payments and expendi-
tures 101.844 94
Total Expenditures '.. $3.053. 439 13
Losses Incurred during the year .$1,258,714 30
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks.'. Premiums.
Net amount of .Risks
•written during the ;
year ; $232,423,335, $2,531,803 13
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year 213.370.054 2.127.S3* X9
N<?t amount In force .
December 31. 1900 343.t92.M8 3.313.6S4 84
1 R. DAT.E BKNSON. Prest. "
W. GARDNER CROWEJLL. Secy.
Subscribed ana sworn to before ine. this 2'd
day of January. 1901. THOS. J. HUNT.
Commissioner for California in Thlla.
PACIFIC COASTOEPARTMEMT:
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Asst. Mgr.
508-510 CALIFORNIA STEEET.
STATEMENT
—OF THE—
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
UNION
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF PHILADELPHIA. IN THE STATE OV
Pennsylvania, on the Slat day of Decem-
ber, A. D. 1900. and for the year ending on
that day, as made to the Insurance Commis-
sioners of the State of California, pursuant to
the provisions of sections 610 and *11 of ths
Political Code, condensed aa per blank fur*
nlshed by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock paid op In
Cash $200.000 M
ASSET3. *
Real Estate owned by Compary J18O.00O 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgagei 9 3OT 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 279 1S7 13
Amount of Loans secured by pledge '
of Bonds, Stocks and other narket-
able securities as collateral 4 400 00
Cash In Company's Office 1.19753
Cash In Banks 25*083 "•«
Interest due and accrued on Bonds
and Mortgages 150 qq
Premiums In due Course of Collection B8.107 13
Bill Receivable, not Matured, taken
for Fire and Marine Risks 1 120 83
Due from Perpetual Insurance on
butldins 713 M
Caah In hands of Manager at San
Francisco 6i923 , ?
Total- Assets —.$543,119 ?j
LIABILITIES. ==3
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid 113 376 7J
Losses In process of Adjustment or in
Suspense 17 53S 2?
Losses Resisted. Including expanses... 4 000 to
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run- '
nlng one year or less, $205,401 85*
reinsurance 50 per cent 10' 700 M
Gross premiums . on Fire Risks run- '
nlng more than one year. $2O!;182 «3-
reinsurance pro rata 103.399 ZI
Amount reclalmable by the Insured on
perpetual Fire Insurance policies.... 33 833 13
All other liabilities is.m d
Total , Liabilities l...$2S9.5S2 94
INCOME. ~"
Net cash actually received fcr Fire
premiums 1379 ttni &f
Reesived for Interest on Bones and
Mortgages 49s oft
Received for Interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks. Loans and fiom all
oth*r sources lg ». M
Received for rents V?" f
Profit and loss .....".".".*! *' 73
Total Income 4298.3S7 K
EXPENDITURES. ~"
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(Including »35.7SS 34. losses of pre-
vious years) v tl3«(GSi«i
Dividends to Stockholders ..... ....." " 12 CM £
Paid or allowed for Commtsiion or
brokerage . > A ™ C1 ,„
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for ofneers. clerks, etc ! 43.333 43
Paid for State, National and Local
All Other''paVmen*ts''and'VspVndVtui : e'»:i t^TSS «3
Total Expenditures .1344.128 o7
Losses Incurred during the ysar S1SS.317 73
Risks and Premiums. Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks ~~~
written during the
N^'a r mounVof"RuV; * 3 '"'' B5 "«» W
expired during the
N^amounrin-foVc; iU ®'« X «•»»
December 31. l»00... 39,714.171 \ 407.881 4S
C. S. HOLLIES HEAD. Prest.
o v .v E. R. DANNE.'^S Secy
A^ b £ r $Zt£ a ?J! wcta t0 bef0 « me t hI , M
flay of March. 1301. j. BURNS ALLEN.
¦• Notary . Public.
PACIFIC COASTOEPARTMENT:
T. EDWARD POPE, Manager.
R. W. OSBORN, Asst. Mgr.
508-510 CALIFORNIA STREET.
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
WARM AIR.
STEAM.
HOT WATER,
...OIL 5T0VE5...
BLUE FLAME.
WITH OR WITHOUT WICK8.
NO ODOR.
£8 SSokI: 309 to 31? market Street.
San Francisco.
, V ADVERTISEMENTS.
WITHIN REACH.
[|— T1ECAUSE of its low price Ivory Soap is
TlTN within the reach of all. Besides its low !
f JEEJtj CQSt j t j. ias t fc e advantage that it is
entirely satisfactory for so many varied uses;
it will do the work of a half dozen kinds
of soap each intended for a special purpose.
IVORY SOAP IS 99 *M» PER CENT. PURE. .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IDQBBIBBBeifllEIIIHinilllllBIIIHHIIIIIllliiiiHiiiiiiiiiiHiiiiiiiiiHiBIBBIIIIBIIBBBII
* — — — — — — — — ' . -
* ¦
' • *— *- — ¦ ; ; -~— — ' ' " • ' ;'- '' •""•• ¦••¦•¦ - ¦¦ ¦ -- ¦ . ¦ , ¦
IHIHEBHBBHHBIHaBHHaUBHH H B^^NAVAL MILITIA BRAVELY VENTURES
UPON WAVES OF AN AGITATED OCEAN
SHIP TWO BROTHERS MAKING PORT FROM THE CANNERIES AND GRAIN AND COAL LADEN VESSELS
DEPARTING. THE SHIP CAME DOWN THE COAST BEFORE A NORTHWESTER AND THEN THE WIND
CHOPPED AROUND TO SOUTHWEST AND BROUGHT HER IN. , .
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
(roods for Buffalo. N. T.. valued at $3000. The
principal shipments to British Columbia were
as follows: 340 ch canned goods, 861 lbs bread,
25 cs patent medicines,' 1080 lbs chocolate, 200
tins matches, 10 cs arms and ammunition, SO
bxs raisins, 11,200 lbs piff iron. 106 bdls Bteel
and iron, 17,054 lbs dried fruit, 5 cs dry poods,
4 rolls leather, 27 bdls wire, 6S0 lbs tobacco, 811
pkgs fruit, 12 pkgs vegetables, 5 cs electrical
goods, 29 pkgs groceries and provisions, 10 cs
fuse, 31 pkgs paste, 6 cs hardware, 2 tons
Cumberland coal. 1SO0 lbs table meal, 20 kegs
rivets, 1966 pigs lead, 373 lbs hops, 75 pkgs
asphaltum roofing, 300 lbs cheese, 2 cs hats.
TO BAIL.
FilOM HEATTUC.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Qeodctlu Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Port Point, entrunce to Ban
Francisco Hay. Published by ©facial au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
tho height of tide la tho same at both place*.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24.
Customs Collector Stratton began at 2
o'clock yesterday afternoonlhis lnvestlga
tlon-tnto the charges preferred by Jamea
R. Dunn, chief of the Chinese Bureau,
against Clarkson Dye, a broker doing
business with the bureau. Dunn's charges
are that Dye has treated him with disre
spect in his official capacity and has been
guilty of conduct unworthy of either a
gentleman or a lawyer. He asks that Mr.
Dye be disbarred from practice In the
bureau. By request of the Secretary of
tho Treasury the proceedings will be kept
secret.- " .
Dye Being Investigated.
day wan employed ns collector by the
company about five weeks ago. Last
Wednottday ho got $1000 to deposit In bunk.
He did not deposit tho money, and Thurs
day being a holiday ho was asked Friday
why ha had not taken thn money to the
bank. He made a plausible excuse and
mild ho would deposit It at onco. Ho did
not return to the store, and It wns dis
covered that ho had only deposited $700.
Benton also »ald that Oay wan short In
his accounts $500, making $300 that ho had
embezzled. * .
Charles Is. Benton of tho Ban Francisco
Rochdnlo Company, co-operative groeen,
mm) Mlflftlon street, xwcirn to a complain^
In Judgn Fritz's court yesterday charx
lngr VV. U. Gay with felony emhozzlfltnant.
The warrant was handed to Cnptnln H«\v
mour and every effort will bo made to lo
cate Gay, who Is nuppoaed to have left
tho city.
Warrant Out for the Arrest of W. B.
Gay on Charge of Felony Em
bezzlement.
CO-OPEBATTVE GROCERY
COLLECTOR ABSCONDS
The ordinance Imposing a license of $4
per quarter on owners of stables who rent
horses, vehicles or. stalls or who board
horses was finally passed.
The bill providing for the refunding of
personal property taxes on account of the
lower rate this year was passed to print.
The Mayor was authorized to lease to
the Ladies', Seamen's Friend Society the
Sailors' Home at Spear and Harrison
streets for a period of three years at a
nominal rental.
There was opposition to paying for wa
ter filters at the City Hall and hereafter
the city employes must drink unflltered
water.
The ordinance granting permission to
the Atchlson, Topeka and Santa Fe Rail
way system to repave parts' of Spear,
Bryant and Main streets was finally
passed.
The ordinance granting permission to
the State Harbor Board to extend a se
ries of nine tracks of its belt railroad
from seawall lot No. 14 over and across
Broadway, between Davis and East
streets, to seawall lot 15, was finally
passed.
Will Extend Belt Line.
The Hayes Valley Athletic Club was
granted permission to hold an amateur
boxing exhibition in the Mechanics' Pa
vilion Annex on, September 30.
The combined building and fire ordi
nance was ordered printed by the official
paper. Copies will be furnished the mem
bers of the board and the bill will be ta
ken up at the next meeting 1 .
The Tax Collector was authorized to
appoint forty-two temporary clerks dur
ing October and November, and the Clerk
of the Justices' Court two clerks for two
months.
Ordinances were passed to print declar
ing the length of the main track and the
assessed value of the San Francisco and
San Mateo Railway Company in this city
to be 21.574 miles and 5165,320; of the Cen
tral Pacific Railroad Company, 2.46 mile3
and $42,825; Southern Pacific Company, 7.36
miles and $79,253; Pullman Palace Car
Company, 8 miles and $1029.
The Sutter-street Railway Company
was directed to bituminlze the roadway
between Its tracks on Polk street, from
Sutter to Jackson.
Building Ordinance Considered.
Hotaling was excused from voting, he
stating that it was not within the prov
ince of the board to meddle in the mat
ter. Brandenstein believed that the reso
lution was timely and Braunhart in de
fense of his measure said that a similar
convention had been held in 18S6. The lat
ter claimed that as there was misrepre
sentation of the facts connected with Chi
nese immigration it - was necessary to
havo some expression of, public sentiment
on the subject.
The Mayor appointed Supervisors
Braunhart, Booth, Tobin, Boxton and
Dwyer to act with him on the committee.
Resolved, That a, committee consisting of his
Honor the Mayor and live Supervisors, to be
appointed by the Mayor, be selected for the
purpose of formulating a call and making such
arrangements as are deemed necessary to hold
said convention.' ¦ ¦ •:' .
Resolved, That said convention shall consist
of representatives. of all County Boards of Su
pervisors, Boards of City Councils, Town Trus
tees, Boards of Trade, trades unions and other
civic organization's.
Resolved, That this board Inaugurate a move
ment toward the calling of a State convention,
to be held in the city and county of San Fran
cisco not later than December 2 of this year,
for the purpose of memorializing the President
of the United States and Congress for the re
enactment of the law known aa the Geary ex
clusion net; and i .
Whereas, The Chinese exclusion act, enacted
In 1891, expires during the session of the next
Concrees; and
Whereas, It is absolutely necessary that the
same should be re-enacted; '
Supervisor Braunhart introduced a
resolution at yesterday's meeting of the
board which provides that steps be taken
looking toward the re-enactment of the
Geary exclusion act. It was adopted and
is as follows:. • .
Provision Made for Refund
. ing Personal Property
Taxes.
Supervisors Will Call
Convention to Me
morialize Congress.
WOULD RE-ENACT
EXCLUSION LAW
Decrees of divorce on the ground of in
sertion were granted yesterday to Minnie
M. Thompson' from Albert J. Thompson,
G. M. Watson from Jessie P. "Watson,
Alice O'Connor from J. T. O'Connor, lit
tle E. Hill from Fred C. Hill. Jane MU
lington was divorced from Seth Milling
ton on account of his willful neglect.
Margaret T. Bently filed a suit for di
vorce from Charles O. Bently yesterday
and Charles Mitchell tiled a suit against
Dora E. Mitchell. Both plaintiffs allege
cruelty. , ,
In the Divorce Court.
.Suits were filed by the History Com
pany and Herbert and Matilda Bancroft
against the Central Light and Pover
Company and the Pacific Oas Improve
ment Company yesterday for damftiroa
cnust'd by the explosion In the basement
of the History building on Market strsct
July 0, 1901.
The Mult of the History Company ii for
$337170, tha value of a number of be ok
plates that were destroyed by th« explo
sion. Tha Bancrofts ask for I7S0O :(or
dorr.ago done the building.
In the complaints It Is alleged that tho
explosion was caused by the defective
way the gas pipes owned by the com
pany wero laid and the carelessness dis
played by the light and power company
In fixing Its conduits.
Value of Plates and Wrecked Baie
xnent Asked For by Bancrofts
and History Company.
MAiRKET-STREET EXPLOSION
CAUSES TWO DAMAGE SUITS
Judge Coffey Issued a citation yester
day afternoon, returnable December 18
1901, calling upon Rhea Gettlngs and Hal
McAllister, executrix and executor of th«
contested will; C. M. Kershow, J. H
Kerahow, E. P. Kershow, Alice Ken
nedy, J. Morgan Smith and Rhea O»st«
tings, devisees and legatees, to appeal
and offer proof of the genuineness of the
instrument.
Hall McAllister tendered his resignation
as executor to Judge Coffey yesterday.
Carleton Kershow, brother of Max Ker
show, the well-known Yale graduate anc
world-famous athlete, who died In tills
city last June In his apartments in t
French restaurant, has filed a contosi
to decedent's will on the ground that the
instrument was not executed by the tie
ceased and is not his last will and tes
tament. The contestant claims he is the
sole heir of his brother's estate, whJcr
consists of property valued at about $J5,
000, located in Colorado and Pennsylva
nia. . . " ' :
Brother of Yale Athlete
Asks to Have Docu
ment Nullified.
KERSHOW WILL
IS CONTESTED
Two euits were dismissed yesterday by
United States Circuit Judge Morrow. The
first was that of Rev. P. J. Grey against
the Archbishop of San Francisco, a cor
poration sole, and the second was that of
the Western Union Telegraph Company
ve. the city of Benicia.
Circuit Court Cases Dismissed,
Postofilce Inspector Madden has been on
the trail of J. J. Castro for a long time,
and he was more than pleased yesterday
morning when United States Marshal
Shine and Deputy Marshal Gamble ar
rested the much-wanted man with the
Mexican name. Castro, it Is alleged, re
ceived on the 15th of last January In the
Watsonvllle postofflce a letter addressed
to J. I- Castro containing a postal money
order for $18. The prisoner took the order
to a general merchandise store In Wat-
Eonville and had it cashed, at the same
time indorsing It "J. L Castro." He was
indicted by the Federal Grand Jury last
ApriL
Castro Under Arrest.
Frederick A. "Williams, a well-known
contractor of this city, is suing F. M.
Smith of Oakland to quiet title to 640
acres of land in Mariposa County. Wil
liams claims mat his signature on a deed
made In January, 1S39. which conveyed the
property to Joseph T. Fish of this city,
and from whom Smith obtained the land.
Is a forgery. Williams said yesterday
that he never appeared before Notary
Public Addie L. Ballouto acknowledge his
signature.
Contractor Williams Denies Saving
Signed Document Conveying
Property.
CLAIMS SIGNATURE ON
DEEP is A FORGERY
Captain Michael O'Brien of chemical
er.gine company JCo. 1. who wbi badly In
jured by falling down an elevator ihaft
In the building at 134-136 Sutler street
Juno 22. 1900. filed a suit for S25.OO0 dam
age« yesterday against M. B. Kellogg:,
trustee of the Xxsvlnson estate, which
owns the building.
In the comnlaint CDrlcn allege! that
the owners of the building where he re
ceived his hurts were criminally negli
gent In not having a railing around tho
t;h& ft, and that through their failure to
protect the entrance he, while endeavor
ing to preserve their property from great
damage by fire, sustained injuries thai
kept him from performing his duties as a
nv min r of tho Ban Francisco Fire De
partment for a period of seven month*.
Captain O'liricn also claims that KcIIokk,
as truKtee, in leaving the shaft exposed
violated a city ordinance which provides
that a railing shall be placed around clo*
vator shafts.
Irlichael O'Brien Accuses Owner of
Buildings in Which. He Was
Hurt of Carelessness,
IWJirKED nBETVTATf FILES
STJIT TOR BIG DAMAGES
Throughout the entire city all places of
business conducted by members of the
Jewish faith were closed yesterday. Every
Hebrew, except children of tender years,
abstained from all food and drink from
sunset o-n Sunday evening until the "sho
far" sounded last night at dusk. When
the triple blast on the ram's horn an
nounced to the congregations that the
solemn day of atonement was at an end
the synagogues were emptied of their con
gregations and the worshipers repaired to
their homes, where bountiful repasts were
partaken of.
The services of Congregation Shaari-
Zedek in the synagogue at California and
Stockton streets, were conducted by Rabbi
A.. B. J. Brown, In the presence of a vast
gathering. Many of the worshipers had
remained in the synagogue throughout the
previous night.
The strictly orthodox ritual ¦was ob
served in the Congregation Ansche-Sfard.
839 Howard street; Congregation Beth
Menachim Streisand, Minna street, near
Fourth; Congregation Chebra-Thllim. 1036
Folsom street, and Congregation Kevah-
Zedek. 943 Mission street.
The Congregation Ohabal Shalome as
sembled in the Bush Street Synagogue
yesterday morning and participated In the
services until dusk. Rabbi Isidore Myers
delivered two sermons during the day
his texts being "Spiritual Wrecks" and'
"Beyond the Valley of Death." Cantor
Salomon was in charge of the musical
portion of the services and many of the
ancient chants of the Jews were incor
porated in the programme.
The services at the Geary Street Syna
gogue. Geary and Octavia streets, were
attended yesterday by a large number of
the Congregation Beth Israel, over which
Rabbi M. 8. Levy presides. The rabbi
delivered two addresses. One of the texts
was "O Lord. What Is Man," the other
beir.g "The Inspiration of the Hour."
Cantor Kabinowitz conducted the musical
services, which were of unusual excel
lence.
At 10 o'clock yesterday morning the ser
vice in the synagogue of the Congregation
Sherith Israel, at Post and Taylor streets,
was attended by hundreds of worshipers.
Rabbi J. Nieto preached a short sermoa
at noon, his subject being "God's Procla
mation to Mankind."
At Temple Emanu-El, on Butter street,
the congregation filled the large building
and Rabbi Voorsanger delivered an im
pressive sermon yesterday afternoon.
Cantor E. J. Stark rendered an especially
pleasing musical service, assisted by the
enlarged c-holr and the organ.
The theme of Rabbi Voorsaneer's ser
mon was "Authority. Faith and Social
Order."
In the reform congregations special
musical programmes were rendered, choirs
and organs being strengthened by vocal
ists and instrumental accompaniment
The strictly orthodox congregations ad
hered to th« customs of centuries and In
the small synagogues situated south of
Marita-i street the rabbis and other oill
cials wore the, shrouds in which they will
be buried.
With prayers and fasting "Yom Kip
pur,"' the "Day of Atonement," was ob
served yesterday in all the Jewish syna
gogues in the city, the services in the
sacred edifices being attended by large
numbers of worshiners.
The Day of Atonement commenced on
Sunday evening wfch the setting of the
sun. and In the strictly orthodox syna
gogues the services lasted throughout the
night and all day yesterday until dusk,
when the sound of the "shofar," or "ranTs
lioro," announced to the congregations
the ending of the great religious observ
ance of the Jewish faith.
Solemnity Marks the Great
' and Sacred Festival of
the Year.
Atonement Services of
Yom Kippur Crowd
Synagogues.
HEBREWS SPEND
DAY IN FASTING
The Bteamer Umatllla, which sailed yester
day for Victoria, carried merchandise for Brit
ish Columbia valued at ?17,3S1 and 600 cs canned
Merchandise For British Columbia.
The BritUh Bteamer Cycle will load wheat
here for Europe, 40s, chartered prior . to ar.
rival; the East Indian 'Bame at Portland. 89s,
prior to arrival; the Falcon, railroad • ties at
Albion for Honolulu; the- Louis, lumber at Eu
reka for Australia; the Solano, lumber at
Blakeley for Ehanchal. 47s 6d.
Matters of Interest to Mariners and
Shipping' Merchants.
NEWS OP THE OCEAN.
It was rumored on the front yesterday
that Captain Stores, who brought the
steamship Edith here from the East last
week, was going back to bring out the
big collier Roma. It was also said that
Captain Hall of the South Portland was
to take command of the Edith. James
Jerome, manager of the vessel, says that
nothing has been settled and that the
Roma may be kept on the Atlantic, coast.
The anchor and chain lost by the En
terprise was picked up by the tug Sea
King yesterday.
The Portland steamship George "W. El
der is scheduled to sail on the 28th lnst.
for the Columbia River. She will be the
first of these vessels to carry passengers,
and should the venture prove a success
all of the fleet will carry passengers as
well as freight. Ever since the strike the
vessels hate been going out with freight
only. -
Water Front Notes.
Captain Mclntosh of the schooner Arago
will be around town again in a day or
so and congratulations will be in order.
The Arago left here last spring for the
codfishlng banks and Captain Mclntosh
was in hopes of making a record catch.
The latter part of May the schooner was
caught In a terrific storm and had to be
hove to. A wave washed Captain Mcln
tosh from the poop and when he was
picked up the mate thought him dead.
He was taken below and showed signs of
life. An examination showed that an arm
and nearly all the ribs on one side were
broken; that the scalp was laid open and
six front teeth were gone. The captain,
when consciousness was restored, refused
to turn back and the Arago went to the
banks, where she took 75,000 fish. On her
return here Captain Mclntosh was sent to
the Lane Hospital by Lynde & Hough,
owners of the vessel, where his arm had
to be rebroken, the rough edges chiseled
off and reset. It is now all right again
and he will be out to-morrow. In spite
of the mishap, he Is going back to Bering
Sea next spring.
A Plucky Master Mariner.
A telegram to the Merchants' Ex
change, dated the 22d lnst., reports the
United States army trannport Buford
athoro on a sandbar off tho Island of
Mindanao. Tugs havo been sent to her
RBKlmanco and tho chances are uho will
be itot off without much damage.
The ttuford Hoems to bo playlns: in hard
luck. On her way hero from Nnguflakl
the cool supplied her tit that point wan
so poor that Hhn could not mako speed
and had to put Into Honolulu for a but
ter supply. Bho oailcd from here aguln on
July 10 and again had to put Into Hono
lulu with a damaged cylinder. Manila
was made prior to August 1C, and ufter
discharging the orders wero given for her
to go around the islands, pick up tho
Seventeenth Infantry and take them to
New York via the Suez canal. She left
Manila on September 16 and must have
had nearly all the men of tho Seventeenth
aboard when she struck. From Mindanao
she would probably havo gone to Singa
pore and thence by way of China to the 1
Mediterranean.
TRANSPORT IN TROUBLE.
Goes Ashore on a Sand Bar Near the
Island of Mindanao.
Among the departures were the British
6hlp County of Inverness for Queenstown
with wheat, the barkentlne W. H. Dimond
for Honolulu with general merchandise,
the collier Asuncion for Seattle and the
steamship Umatllla for Puget Sound
pens.
Another arrival was the brig John D.
Spreckels from the Carolines with 275 tons
of copra. She left here May 5 for Guam
and after discharging there. went to the
German possessions. After, securing a
cargo by trading she sailed from Kusaie
last month and made the run home in 37
days. Captain McNelll says everything
was culet in the Carolines and at Guam
when his vessel wan there.
Among the vessels that made port was
the ship Two Brothers from Bristol Bay
with a carsro of 32,200 cases of salmon.
Early in the morning it blew from the
northwest and that brought her off port.
Then the wind changed to the southwest
and she sailed in. The Two Brothers is
one of the best known vessels on the
ccast and generally makes a good run.
Adverse winds lengthened out the passage
from Bristol Bay to 26 days on this occa
sion.
IT was blowing hard off shore yester
day and in consequence very few
vessels made port. The wind was
from the southwest, however, and
that gave several deep water ships a
chance to get out. The cruiser Philadel
phia went out about 4 p. m. and met a
leng, heavy roll off Fort Point that must
have made the Naval Reserve boys who
are aboard think that deep sea sailorlng
is not all beer and skittles. The militia,
sixty-four strong, went aboard the war
ship about 11 a. m. and the time from then
up to the hour of sailing was used In get
ting the men installed in their quarters.
As soon as that was accomplished the
seven-day cruise was begun.
The Lyceum Clothing Co., will have his
sale of clothing 'ready 'for Thursday, so
be sure and attend this sale of Men's
Clothing. You can't afford to miss this
opportunity to buy. an $18 all-wool suit for
only $4 65 at the- clothing assignee sale,
773 Market St.; near Fourth. : •
P. C. Kelly, Assignee
The estate of Frederick Huf schmldf has
been appraised at $155,333. The report of
the appraisers was filed in the County
Clerk's office yesterday and showed that
the estate consisted principally of stocks
and' bonds.
Appraisers Complete Task.
. ¦ . • ' Monday, September 23.
Stmr Asuncion, Evans, for Seattle.
Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, southern coast ¦
> Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
Stmr Umatllla, Cousins, for Victoria and
Port Townsend. ' *¦'•.¦'.
U S 6tmr Philadelphia, Meade, cruise, j
Br Bhit) County .of. Inverness, Gray, for
Queenstown. "
Bktn W. H. Dlmond. Hanson, for Honolulu.
SAILED.
CLEARED.
Monday, j September 23. .
Stmr Umatllla. Cousins, for - Victoria >¦ and
Port Townsend, Goodall, Perkins & Co. . . .
¦Stmr Columbia, Dora, for, Astoria, Oregon
Railroad and Navigation Company. - . .* •
Monday, Seotember 23.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 18 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Arcata. Nelson, 67 hours from Coos
Bay. r .
Br Btmr Colombia, Whiteway, 44 days from
Valparaiso, via Mazatlan 6 days.
Ship Elwell, Ellis, 8V4 days from Ladysmith.
Ship Two Brothers, Wilson, 26 days from
Bristol Bay. ' ¦¦
Brig J. D. Spreckels, McNelll, 87 days from
Kusaie.
Schr Newark. Cransle, 15 hours from Bow
ens Landing.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Suits for Damages Filed.
Two suits for damages the Mar
ket-street Railway Company' were filed
yesterday. Patrick O'Shea wants $10,050
for ' injuries caused by his being thrown
from a wagon which was run into by a
McAllister-street car April 15, 1901. Mary
Daly, guardian of the three Daly chil
dren, whose father was killed by an elec
tric car on Kentucky street, near Army,
last May, filed a complaint asking that
the children be given damages to the
amount of $50,000. ' . :'. ,
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. ' Cal..
: September 23, 1301.
"The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e.. at noon of the 120th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. a Greenwich time.
CO. CALKINS,
Lieutenant Commander. U. S. N.. In charge. .
Time Ball.
NOTE— In the above exposition- of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tldeS of the 1
day In the order of occurrence as to time; tho
fourth time column gives the last - tide of the
day, except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights .given are In
addition to the soundings on the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height, and. then the number
given Is subtracted from the depth ¦ given by
the charts. The plane of reference Is the mean
of the lower low waters.
A motion for a new trial made by the
attorneys for the Union Iron Works In
the case of Henry Grundel, ¦who was
awarded damages for the death of his
son, who was an employe of the Sloane
Furniture Company, was denied by Judge
Hunt yesterday. Young Grundel was
killed at the Potrero works. The damages
were awarded by a Jury, and the attor
neys on the losing side asked for a new
trial -on the ground that -. the <¦ man who
was killed was not an employe, of the
works; that he' was there In the inter
est of a third party, and therefore the
Union Iron Works should not be held
responsible for his death.
Judge Hunt,. however, held that a man
who enters the premises of ¦ another for
the purpose of transacting .business "is
not . a i mere -licensee, .". but one. to whom
the owner of the premises owes some ob
ligations and duty. :.
The question was also raised by the at
torneys for the works that the vessel
on which the man was killed was not
the property of the Union Iron Works.
Judge Hunt decided that until the boat
was turned over to purchasers it -was, tcr
all intents and purposes, the property of
the builder. .
Judge Hunt Holds Manufacturers Re
sponsible for Life of Mechanic
Employed by Others.
UNION IRON WORKS LIABLE
FOR DEATH OF WORKMAN
CUXIIAVEN-Arrived Sept 22-Br itmr Pftk
Llnr, from Oregon. >
HAMHUUO— Arrived Sept 21-Ger stmr Kam
bynoH, hnnca Muy 29.
KALMOUTH-Httlled Sept 21— Dr ship Tylui,
for Antwerp.
Bailed Bept 23-Br ship Senator, for Ttirkerr
head.
NA<IAHAlcr-rSiil!«il Stpt 21— Ship Benffalore,
for Port Townio'Mil,
VICTUHIA-ArrlVAd Bept SO-Bhlp BenJ. H.<
whII, from Hhunghal.
NUVVCABTLM. N8W-Balled Au» 10-Bchr
Muliiikniii, for '/million tiKii.
PLYMOUTH— Arrived SeDt 32— Ger ship
Klottliek, from Oregon. '
QUMKN8TOWN-Halled Sept 21-0>r ihlp
Miirr.nitha, for Hamburg; 1 1 <> r ghlp Ncrelde,
for Hull; G«r bk Anna, for Mnnchenter.
HULL— Sailed Bept 21— Br bftrlc Invereek, for
Ban Krnncisco.
MAZATLAN-Salled Bept 21-Stmr of
Bytinny, for Ban Francisco.
ACAPULCO— Arrived Sept 20-Btmr Attec,
from Nnnnlma.
CORONKL— Balled Sept 23— Stmr American,
for San Frunclsco.
HT LUCIA-Arrlvcd Sopt 23-8tmr Hawaiian,
to sail Kept 23 for Philadelphia.
CALLAO— Arrived Sept 22— Schr Lyman D.
Foster, from Blakcley.
FOIIEIGN POUTS.
NEW WHATCOM-Sailed Sept 21-Bktn John
Smith, for San Francisco.
RBDONDO- Arrived Sect 23— Stmr Coronado.
from Grays Harbor.
Balled Sept 22-Stmr W. H. Kruger. for
Tlllamook.
¦PORT TOWNSEND-Passed in Sept 23-Stmr
Tyonic, from Bristol Bay, for Seattle: 8tmr
Cottage City, from Skaguay, for Seattle.
Arrived Sept 22— Schr Knllau, hence Sept 11.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sent 22— Schr Endea
vor, from Everett.
SEATTLE— Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Cottage
City, from Skaguay; Btmr Calif ornian, from
Nanaimo.
Sailed Sent 22— Stmrs Farallon and City of
Topeka, for Skaeway.
Arrived SeDt 23— Stmr Tyonic. from Bristol
Bay.
Sailed Sept 23— Stmr Tyonic, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Sept 23-8chr
J. B. Leeds, from Bristol Bay.
Sailed Sept 23— Br bark Low Wood, from
Blakeley,* for Valparaiso.
Passed In Sept 23— Bark Levl O. Burgess,
hence Sept 19, in tow tug Tatoosh, for Tacoma.
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed Sept 23-Schr J. D.
Tallant, for Halphonsr.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 23— Schr Gotama, for
Son Francisco. - .
PORT LOB ANGELES— Arrived Sept 22—
Btmr W. H. Kruper, from Redondo.
Arrived Sept 23— Stmr Aleatraz, from — ."
Sailed Sept 23— Stmr W. H. Kruger, for San
Pedro.
ASTORIA— Arrived Sept 23— Br ship Mayfleld,
from Valparaiso.
¦ Balled . Sept 23— Ger bark Ecuador, for
Queenitown; U 8 stmr AlbatroBH, for — .
NEAH BAY— Paused Sept 23-Schr Dora
Bluhm, hence Sept 1; nchr Ludlow. for San
Pedro.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Bert 23— Sehr Bessie
K. hence Sept 19.
Sailed SeDt 23— Schr Maweema, for Grays
Harbor.
EURI3KA— Sailed Sept 23-Stmr Eureka, for
San l'ranclnco.
DOMESTIC. PORTS.
MANILA, Sect 22— U S stmr Buford, with
Seventeenth Infantry on board. Is aground on
sand bar off the island or Mindanao. Assist
ance has been sent.
MISCELLANEOUS,
POINT LOBOS, Sept 23, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind west, velocity 22 miles per hour.
TELEGRAPHIC.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1901.
Cruiser Philadelphia, With the Boys Aboard, Parses Out; Into a
Heavy Westerly Swell — Transport Buford Ashore on Sand Bar.
Walter Krauth, Baggage Agent, Attempts to Jump From" Ferry
9
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Sierra, Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 24
City of Puebla.l Puget Sound Ports Sept. 24
Ccrona Redondff & Way Ports. Sept. 24
Eureka Hum'joldt Sept. 24
San Pedro Humboldt i Sept. 24
Victoria.. ....... Oyster Harbor Sept. 24
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 25
Progreso Taeoma Sept. 25
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 26
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 27
Pcmoia Humboldt Sept. 27
Peru China and Japan Sept. 28
Enterprise N. Y. via Panama Sept. 28
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Forts.... Sept. 29
Curacao Mexican Ports Oct. 1
Steamer. Destination. Balls.
September 24.
Columbia.—.. Astoria & Portland 11 am
Empire....... Coos Bay 12 m
Maniialay.... CoqulUe River 5 pm
Pomona...... Humboldt l:3u p
September 25.
Arcata. ....... Coos Day 12 m
September 20.
Kureka Humboldt 9 am
Corona Redondo & Way.. 9 am
North Fork.. Humboldt 8 am
September 27.
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pro
September 2H.
flalnler Seattle & N. What G pm
Colombia ValpuraUo ft Way 12 m
City 1'ui-biii.. Pu««t Houn.l Ports 11 am
Hun lilim Panama & Way.. 12 m
Hun I'cilro.... Humboldt 2 pm
O> <». \V. KliJer Ant. .rlii &. J'ortliuiil 11 am
Nfj>t<*mb«*r ill*.
Santa Roia.. Ban Diego & Way 9 am
September >t<).
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm
October 3.
Walla Walla. 1'iiK-t Sound I'to,. II inn
Hlerra Bydney ik Way I'tn 2 pm
'iu.iip.-l VulpuraUo &. Way 12 in
Pier 2H
Pier 13
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
iPler 3
i'MSa
Pier 3
Pl«-r 10
l'ler 9
PMHS
Pier t
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier S
Pier S
Pier 7
I'lcr 1C
HlcRinrr. Kroill. i l>im.
Al-KI..." Pkuffuay ft Way Ports. Kept, 24
HuinliuliU HltiiKUny & "Way 1'orU. Kept. 24
Bxcc-lslor Cooks Inlet A Way.. Hept. 23
I>olji)ilii HkitKUay 6l Way VortH. Hopt. 23
I'lrlco HkiiKimy tv. Wuy l'orts. Hept. 27
Chai. Nelson.. Hkaguny ft "Wny 1'ortn. Hept. 27
Nomo City Nome and Teller Sept. 2S
Senator Nomo direct Sept. 28
City of ppattlo. Bknguay & Way Ports. |8opt. 28
Sun rises
Bun set«
Moon seta
Time Time ¦ ITlme
Date Ft. Ft.
L W H W L, W
24 ... 2:01 O.B .8:68 E.O 2:20
25 ... 2:46 0.6 9:32 5.2 3:09
28 ... 2:33 0.6 10:06 5.4 3:52
27 ... 4:11 0.7 10:39 5.6 4:40
28... 4:53 1.0 11:13 S.S 5:22
H W L W H W
23 ... 0:031 5.4 5:32 1.3 11:50
30- ..| O:58| 5.2 6:15 1.7 12:30
."•
2.1
1.6
0.9
0.4
0.0
¦iVsa'a
Time
H w
8:24
9:22
10:16
11:09
Ft.
5.1
6.3
5.4
5.5
.6:59
.6:05
. m.
5.9
6.0
L, W
6:11
7:01
-0.3
—0.4
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Sierra, Sydney & Way Ports.. Sept. 24
City of Puebla.l Puget Sound Ports Sept. 24
Ccrona Redondff & Way Ports. Sept. 24
Eureka Hum'joldt Sept. 24
San Pedro Humboldt i Sept. 24
Victoria.. ....... Oyster Harbor Sept. 24
Tucapel Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 25
Progreso Taeoma Sept. 25
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. 26
City of Sydney Panama & Way Ports. Sept. 27
Point Arena... Point Arena Sept. 27
Pcmoia Humboldt Sept. 27
Peru China and Japan Sept. 28
Enterprise N. Y. via Panama Sept. 28
Walla Walla.. Puget Sound Forts.... Sept. 29
Curacao Mexican Ports Oct. 1
Steamer. Destination. Balls.
September 24.
Columbia.—.. Astoria & Portland 11 am
Empire....... Coos Bay 12 m
Maniialay.... CoqulUe River 5 pm
Pomona...... Humboldt l:3u p
September 25.
Arcata. ....... Coos Day 12 m
September 20.
Kureka Humboldt 9 am
Corona Redondo & Way.. 9 am
North Fork.. Humboldt 8 am
September 27.
Nippon Maru China & Japan.... 1 pro
September 2H.
flalnler Seattle & N. What G pm
Colombia ValpuraUo ft Way 12 m
City 1'ui-biii.. Pu««t Houn.l Ports 11 am
Hun lilim Panama & Way.. 12 m
Hun I'cilro.... Humboldt 2 pm
O> <». \V. KliJer Ant. .rlii &. J'ortliuiil 11 am
Nfj>t<*mb«*r ill*.
Santa Roia.. Ban Diego & Way 9 am
September >t<).
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm
October 3.
Walla Walla. 1'iiK-t Sound I'to,. II inn
Hlerra Bydney ik Way I'tn 2 pm
'iu.iip.-l VulpuraUo &. Way 12 in
Pier 2H
Pier 13
Pier 8
Pier 9
Pier 13
Pier 13
Pier 11
iPler 3
i'MSa
Pier 3
Pl«-r 10
l'ler 9
PMHS
Pier t
Pier 24
Pier 11
Pier S
Pier S
Pier 7
I'lcr 1C
HlcRinrr. Kroill. i l>im.
Al-KI..." Pkuffuay ft Way Ports. Kept, 24
HuinliuliU HltiiKUny & "Way 1'orU. Kept. 24
Bxcc-lslor Cooks Inlet A Way.. Hept. 23
I>olji)ilii HkitKUay 6l Way VortH. Hopt. 23
I'lrlco HkiiKimy tv. Wuy l'orts. Hept. 27
Chai. Nelson.. Hkaguny ft "Wny 1'ortn. Hept. 27
Nomo City Nome and Teller Sept. 2S
Senator Nomo direct Sept. 28
City of ppattlo. Bknguay & Way Ports. |8opt. 28
Sun rises
Bun set«
Moon seta
Time Time ¦ ITlme
Date Ft. Ft.
L W H W L, W
24 ... 2:01 O.B .8:68 E.O 2:20
25 ... 2:46 0.6 9:32 5.2 3:09
28 ... 2:33 0.6 10:06 5.4 3:52
27 ... 4:11 0.7 10:39 5.6 4:40
28... 4:53 1.0 11:13 S.S 5:22
H W L W H W
23 ... 0:031 5.4 5:32 1.3 11:50
30- ..| O:58| 5.2 6:15 1.7 12:30
."•
2.1
1.6
0.9
0.4
0.0
¦iVsa'a
Time
H w
8:24
9:22
10:16
11:09
Ft.
5.1
6.3
5.4
5.5
.6:59
.6:05
. m.
5.9
6.0
L, W
6:11
7:01
-0.3
—0.4
GBAPE-NTJTS.
IIBB1IBIBIIIIIIIIIIIII
h Delicious Dishes a
¦ - ¦
a made from g
sQrape=Nuts|
I Food I
¦ ¦
¦ Entrees, Puddings, SS
g Salads* Pancakes, &c B
j|| Please and Feed your
H Household. B
¦ B
ADVERTISEMENTS.
f^_^ -fc-w->_m_«-> fir>ifci»i% «-¦-<-»_<-*-— >_-«_-^j-i_r-i-r-*-i-»_r->j— >_j-i_i-»i nnnnn*- — — -— -irii~l[~ir**H~ll**i fw-i*-^*
Mrs. Ellen RipleyXhapiairi^dieiAWi.'
Grand Army of the, Republic* No, 7^ £23
10th Ave., N. R, Minneapolis, ''Minn.*
Strongly Endorses Pinkham^;
Vegetable Compound.
41 Dear Mrs. Pixkham .—Your Vegetable Compound oired4*A
of ulceration 6i the womb, and getting such a complete cure I felt \ha\
the medicine had genuine merit and was well worth recommending
to other sick women. . '
" For fifteen years I have been your friend. I have never written yoij
before, but I have advised hundreds of women to take your medicine, (4
fact it is the only real reliable remedy I know of for a sick woman/
" I have not yet found a case of ovarian or womb trouble which
has not been relieved or cured by the faithful use of I^ydia E.
i'inkhsiin's Vegetable Compound.
" You havo brought hc.ilth to hundreds of women in Minneapolis aa
you have no doubt to others, over the country " — Mrs. Ellen Ripley,
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE LETTER IS NOT GENUINE.
"When women ure troubled with Irregular or lwiinful menstruntion t
w (ilk ness, leucpfrhqxu displacement or iilcemlion of the womb, that bear*
in/T-down feeling, influnnimtion of the ovaries, backache, flatulence,
{Tsneml debility, indigestion, and nervous prostration, they sliould )
remember there is one tiied and true remedy. Lyriia E. PinkliamV
Vegetable Compound at once removes such troubles. ; /
No other medicine in the world has received such widespread and
unqualified endorsement. No other medicine has such a record of cure*,
of female troubles. Refuse to buy any other medicine.
>• : ¦ ; — -*•
' ¦ H W| I 1 - ; ' R3 WIl . fit |H C&BnB IS fS C
| EXTRAORDINARY j
| Begins To-Day. |
AT1UH H-TTRTnvrH M ' IS*.
MtRDER
Reward
We will pay ONE THOUSAND
DOLLARS cash as a reward for
the arrest and conviction of mur-
der of the party or parties who as-
saulted FRANK McGUIRE In this
city on September 5, 1901. and In-
flicted injuries upon him from
which he has since died.
Mr. McGulre was In our employ
as a boiler-maker at Prince Wil-
liams Sound, and was assaulted
shortly after his arrival on the bark
Fresno on said date.
Alaska
Packers' Association
A MAN OF REFINEMENT"
Appreciates the necessity of having his
linen faultless In order to be well dressed.
That 1? why the best dressed men In Saa
Francisco patronize the United States
Laundry. The work done hero Is done
thoroughly, and has the correct finish that
Is so necessary. We call for work and
deliver It.
No saw edges. _
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Stre«t,
Telephone— South 420.
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Ave.
VICHY SPRINGS,
The only place In the United State* ' wher*
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths: Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles frora
Uklah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
Proprietor*. .
BELLBVUE HOTEL.
P.O. EL TERANO, Cal.. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Term*
$1 per day and upward. PETER GOUILHAB-
DOU. Lessee. . . - .
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRTNG3
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30; arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-hors.j 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, -with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or . Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stags Line.
mtt.t.tsr & HOWARD. Proprietors.
W EEET CALL
$1 per Yeap-« BS s g 5
r : • : • f
Foreign Futures.
EASTERN MARKETS.
MONDAY. Sept. 23—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. 1. ; Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice 02 04
Alta 02 OoJKentuck 01 02
Andes .'...". 01- 02 Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher 10 • 12 Mexican 19 20
Best & Belcher 17 18pccldental 05 07
Bullion ". Cl- 02'^phir 75 77
Caledonia S2 34 Overman 04 05
Challenge Con.. 15 17 Potosl ..'.,.....'.. 04 06
Chollar 06 07 ravage .02 04
Confidence 58 60 Pcorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va,.l 70 1 80 Beg Belcher.... 02 04
Con Imperial... — OljSlerra Nevada. 21 22
Con New York. — 01 pilver H1E...V... 33 38
Crown Point:..". OS ¦ 05 Bt Louis.. 06
Eureka .Con.:..- 14 . — 'Standard — 3 25
Exchequer ...,.— 01'Syndicate — 08
Gould & Curry.' 05 07 Union Con...... 05 06
Hale & Nor.... 17 19IUtah .:... 02 Oi
Julia. — Oil Yellow Jacket.. 09 10
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MINING STOCKS.
• The following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. .
300 Best & Belcher 16 j 500 Ophlr .....'. 76
500 Con Cal & Va..l.75 \ 100 Savage • 04
¦ Afternoon Session. ,
600 Chollar ......... 06/500 Savage 03
8C0 Mexican .... 191 200 Sierra Nevada. 21
The following were tSe sales in the Pacific
Stock Board yesterday: •
Mornins ' Session.
600 Best & Belcher- 16 100 Ophlr .-..7ft
100 C C & Va....l77% 300 Savage 04
¦ 100 Confidence i.Y.. 52 200 Sierra Nevada. 21
200 Mexican 19 300 Yellow Jacket.. 07
. . Afternoon Session.';
200 Challenge Con.'. 16 100 Ophir ...;...„• 7a
100 C C & Va....l77% 100 Silver Hill 33
200 Confidence:..... 56 100 Silver Hill...... 37
¦ 300 Crown Point.'..' 03 300 Yellow^Jacket.. «
•200 Mexican. .19 - f
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
300 California-Standard 22
250 Home 3 50
200 Junction '....... 25
1000 Junction, s 90 23 -
500 Junction - 24
1000 Lion 09
200 Occidental of West Virginia 43
600 Petroleum Center oi
700 Reed Crude 31
1000 Reed Crude 32
1000 Reed Crude, s 10 32
50 San Joaquin Oil & Development 7 87%
100 Sterling *.... 1 30
¦. --. . Afternoon Session.
Board—
100 Four 40
.700 Monarch of Arizona 24
1000 Monarch of Arizona, s 30 24
; 100 Occidental of West Virginia 44
200 Occidental of West Virginia 43 .
200 Oil City Petroleum 26
: 20 Peerless 5 12%
4000 Reed Crude, s 10 - 32
;. , ,' ¦• •• Morning . Session. •
Board—
$1,000 Contra Costa Water Bonds 108 25
100 Hutchinson S P Co 14 75
10 Hutchinson S P Co. s 90 14 75
. 70 Makaweli : 23 87%
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 48 00
35 Spring Valley Water..... 87 CO
4 Spring Valley Water 86 50
Street—
40 Makawell 23 87%
Afternoon Session.
. 25 California Fruit Canners 96 00
100 Hana Plantation Co •. 575
' . 20 Makaweli, s SO 23 75
' 60 Oakland Gas 51 00
$1,000 Oceanic Steamship Bonds 103 00
10 Paauhau S.P.Co 1075
30 S F Gas & Electric Co 43 00
175 Vigorit 4 00
Street— : .•
$10,000 Oakland Transit Co 6s 120 50
$6,000 S P Branch Railway 6s 13($ 50
MONDAY. Sept 23-2* p. m.
. ".'-,'¦ UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
4s quar coup.. 113 114 Us qr c (new).. 139 140%
4s quar reg....H2 113 1 3s quar coup... 108 109
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C 5s. 106 107 Oceanic SS 5s.l02% —
Cal-st 5s 118 — Omnibus C 6s.l32 —
C C Water 5s. 108% — Pac G Imp 4s. — 100
EdL&'P 6s..l28%133% Pk & Cl H 6s. 109 —
Fer & C R 6s. — — Pk & O R 6s.ll7 —
Geary-st 6s — — Powll-st R 6s. — —
H C & S 5%s.l06% — Sac E G R 5s. So —
Do 5s..: — — S F & SJV Bs.123 —
Los Ang R 53.118 120 Sierra Cal 6s.. — —
L A Light 6s.l01% — S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd 6s. .100 — (1909) 112% —
Do gntd' 5s. .103 — (1910) H3Vi —
L A & Pac 5s. — 102% S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 cm 5s. — ' — (1905), Ser A.109%109'4
Mkt-Et Cab 6s. — 128% (1905). Ser B.110% —
Do 1 c m 5s. — 122% (1906) 112%112Ti
Nev C N G 7s. — — . (1912) 121*i
N R of Cal 6s.H2%113 S P of Oil 1st '
Do 5s 122%— c gntd 5s 110 —
Nor Pac C 6s.l01% — S P Br Cal 6s.l36% —
Do 5s 106 — S V Wati;r 6s.lll% —
Nor Cal R 5s. .111 — Do 4s 102%103%
Oak Gas 5s. ...Ill — ¦ Do 4s, 2!d m.101%
Oak Trans 6s. 120 120% Stktn Gaa 6s.. 104 —
Oak Wat g 5s. 102 —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 76% 78% I Port Costa 60 65
Marln County. 58 — I Spring- Valley. — 87
,.:.:.;, GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent L & P... 4 5 Pacific Light.. — 45%.
Equitable -.:... j 3% — Sacramento ... 40
Mutual 4% SM S F G & E 42% 43U
Oakland ....... 5 V — San Francisco. 4% —
Pac Gas Imp; 37 40% Stktn Q & E. 8 —
INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. — 247 /* *:';"*
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... — 80 L P & A..... ..153 159U
California ....405 410 Mer Ex Ulq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO8 — S F Natonal.127%129
First Nationl.305 —
SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1895 — Sav & Loan... — — .
Humboldt .....— — Security 275 —
Mutual Sav.... 52 — Union Trust.. 1600 —
San Francisco.515 —
STREET RAILROADS.
California ....130 — |O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — 50 Presidio 33 —
Market 79% 82% |
-POWDER.
Giant 73 — lVigorit 8% i%
'.:.=¦ '¦¦ SUGAR.'
.Hana 6% 6 lKllauea 10 11
Hawaiian — 50 Makawell 23% —
Honokaa 10% — Onomea — 24%
Hutchinson ... 14% 15%.|Paauhau 10% 11
MISCELLANEOUS.
AMfska Pack..l37%139 . Oceanic Si Co. 47% —
Cal Fruit Can. 95% — Pac Aux FA. 2V1
Cal Wins Asn. 87% 91 Pac C Borax. .165 —
Mer Exchnge.U0 — Par Paint 16 —
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
Business waa quiet on all the exchanges and
quotations showed no noteworthy variation.
. The Bullion Mining Company lias levied an
assessment of 3c.
, CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept; 23.'— CATTLE— Receipts,
24,000, including 2000 Texans and. 4000 Westerns.
Beans*and Seeds.
t There was nothing "new to report yesterday.
• • BEANS— Bayos,' $2 65®2 75;- Small White, $1 83
@5; Large White, $2 75@3: Pea,* $4 90@5; Pink.
$2 2502 50; Red, $2 75@3; "Blackeye, $3 5003 65;
Lima's, nominal; Red Kidney. $4 per ctl. /
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $3 15; Yellow Mui-
NEW YORK, Bept 23.— Amalgamated Copper
fell SM. points below the final price of Saturday
late in -the day to-day, and after a two-point
rally on covering by room shorts was running
eff rapidly again before. the close, 'the last
price showing a net loss of 7%, following the
€% loss "of Saturday. Anaconda, the only one
of the controlled companies 'deaj t In 'on the
exchange, fell an extreme 6V1 and lost 5?» net.
This comprised ¦ most of the morket . for the
<ifcj. There was some early resistance In a
New York Stock Market.
LIVERPOOL.
1 Wheat— Dec. March.
Opening .'..." • 5 8 5 9%
Closing 5 7% 6 954
PARIS. "*-. ¦'
•Wheat— . Sept. Jan.-Apr.
Opening ....'. 21 20 22 20 -
Closing .....:.... 81 10 22 15
. Flour — . '•
Opening 27 10 . 2S 20
Closing .27 10 ' 28 05
./ Eastern Livestock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the ¦ butter
market waa firm; creameries. 14@>20%c; dairies;
13@17c. Cheese, 9%@10%c. Eggs, firm; fresh,
16c. . . "' ;.-<>*
Yesterday ; was a rainy-day market In Hay,
and there ¦ was ¦ very little doing. - The general
rain, which extended from San Diego to Port
land, and was heavy for this time of the year
in the central and northern parts of the State,
must have caught ; more or less baled Hay,
though no : reports of damage wera received'
yesterday. - ' ,','¦ ; „ ' <
Feedstuffs. stood as before.
. BRAN— $20 50@21 CO per .ton.
MIDDLINGS — $22@23 per ton.
• FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, ¦'. $16@17 60 per
ton; . Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal, $34@
35; Cracked Corn, $34 50@35 50; Mixed Feed.
$18 somo so. mmm+tfspa-* •* .»;.;,
» HAY— Wheat, $7@9 DO; Choice, $10@10 50;
Wheat and Oat, $6 50@9; .Oat, $6@8 50; ' Barley
and Oat, $6(38: Alfalfa.. $8 50010 50; Clover, $5 50
©7;' Volunteer,'. $4 '5005 B0. ¦•¦--=¦- - . ,- ¦ .
STRAW— 25@42%c per ' bale.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— Calif ornla 'Family Extras," $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25;
Oregon, $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75@3 for bakers' ; Washington bakers'. $2 75
S3. . .'-•¦;
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows usual discount to the :trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour. '$7; ': Corn Meal, $3 25;
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, $5; Hominy," $4
@4 25;' Buckwheat • Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked
Wheat, $3 50: Farina, $4 50; - Whole Wheat
Flour, $3 25;- Rolled Oats (barrels), $6 85@8 35;
in sacks,' $6 50@8rvPearl Barley, $5; Split Peas.
$5 ; . Green . Peas, ; $6 50 per 100 lbs.
Flour and Millstuffs.
The pressure- has risen elowly over Oregon
and Northern California and conditions are be
coming more favorable for settled fair weather.
Some clearing up showers, however, may b« ex
pected Tuesday .mornlnsv • ,V Zi"'-\ ! .*-
Rain has fallen generally, on. the coast except
In the vicinity of Loe Anceles.
The temperature In the great valleys of Cali
fornia-is about 20 degrees below the normal,
end cojd weather also prevails In the Sierras
and throughout Nevada.
- Forecast made at San - Francisco for - thirty
hours ending midnight. September 24, 1901:
Northern California — Clearing Tuesday;
wwmw Tuesday night in the interior; , light
southerly winds changing to westerly. •
Southern California — Cloudy, with conditions
favorable for ehowers early Tuesday morning
light southerly changing to fresh westerly
winds."- - -•
Ne\-ada— Clearing: warmer Tuesday; fresh
eoutherly winds.
¦ San Francisco -and vicinity— Clearing Tues
day; frech westerly winds. . .
ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Forecast Official.
FORECAST,
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Temperature — 7 a. m., 65 degrees.
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. I—
September 68% 68% 68% 68%
December 70% 71 70% 70%
May 74% 74% 73% 74%
Corn No. 2—
September 56% 68% , 56% 6S%
December 58% 69% ¦ 58% 69%
May. 60% 61% 60 61
Oats No 2— •
September 34% 35% _ 31%^ 35%
December 36% 80% 36% 36%
May 38% , 3S% 88% 38%
Mess Pork, per barrel—'
October .14 82% 15 00 : 14 82% 14 97%
January 16 30 10 35 16 25 16 30.
May ..16 40 16 45 16 40 16 40
Lard, per 100 pounds— ¦
September 10 17% 10 17% 10 10 10 10
October 10 07%' 10 10 9 90 10 02%
January 9 67% 9 67%. 9 55- 9 65
May ....: 9 67% 9 67% 9 67% 9 67%
Short RlbS. per 100 pounds-
September 9 00 9 05 8 97% 8 97%
October ..8 90 9 00 8 90 8 97%
January 8 47% 8 50 .8 40 8 45
May 8 50 8 55 8 50 8 50.
¦ Cash quotations ¦¦ were as follows: Flour,
steady; No. S spring wheat, 67@67%c; No. -t
red 70%@71%c; No. 2 yellow.: corn, 58%{f59c;
No' 2 oats. 36%@38%c; No. 2 white, 38%@38%c;
No 3 white, 38@39c: No. 2 rye, 55%@56c; fair
to choice malting barley, 54@60c; No. 1 flax seed.
$1 58; No. 1 Northwestern, $1 60: prime timothy
seed $0 50; mess pork, per barrel, $14 95@15 00;
lard, per 100 pounds. $10 07%@10 12%; short
ribs sides (loose). $8 90@9 10; dry salted should
ers (boxed), 7%<3>7%c; short clear sides (boxed),
$9 50@9 60; clover, contract grade, $8 25. ¦ :
Articles— ¦ Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels '.'40,000 • •. 20,000
Wheat, bushels :.... .609,000 205,000
Corn bushels .:.... ......360,000 479,000
Oats bushels ;.... 338,000 . 137,000
Rye, bushels 24,000 2,000
Barley, bushels .....:...;..... 97,000 .. 36,000
Astoria... 29.7J 82 60 W Cloudy .00
Baker ».72 60 S3 NW Rain .02
Carson 29.S2 48 38 8 Rain .06
Eureka ...,.."...29.64 58 62 NW Clear .12
Fresno 29.88 68 54 E Cloudy .08
Flagstaff '. 29.82 66 42. SW Pt Cldy .00
Pocatello. Idaho. ..29.56 66 40 N Cloudy «T
Independence.. "...^»-66 68 64' NW Pt Cldy .00
Loe Angeles ...29.8S 68 56 -W Clear -.00
Phoenix- 29.62 94 62 W Clear .00
Portland 29.76 £4 48 SE Cloudy .20
Red Bluff 29.74 60 52 SE Rain .10
Jtoseburg.... 29.80 68 46 SW Cloudy .02
Eacran»ento...:v...29.7« 62 50 6W Pt Cldy .34
Bait Lake 54
San Francisco 29.S6 60 54 W Pt Cldy .04
San Lui«Oblspo... 29.82 66 B4 W Clear .10
Fan Diego 29.86 70 62 W Clear .02
Seattle.. 29.74 60 40 W Pt Cldy .00
Spokane 29.68 62 40 N Cloudy .00
NeahBay 29.74 E4 44 NE Clear .00
Walla Walla 29.66 60 62 S Cloudy .00
"Wlnnemucca 29.72 50 30 S . Cloudy .12
Yuma...,. 29.68 S2 64 W Clear .00
'Provisions were quiet and steady. There was
a steady cash demand and prices were higher
with hoes. Pork closed 5c higher, lard a
shade higher and ribs 2%c up.
The leading futures ranged as follows: /
CHICAGO. Sept. 23.— Wheat opened dull
under the Influence of lower cables, heavy
world's shipments and liberal recelDts. De
cember started %©%c lower at 70%@70%c.
Bears seemed to have everything their own
way- at the beginning. Under a liberal offer
ing cf wheat December eased off to 70%@70%c.
On a good reaction in corn December recovered
some of the loss and closed easy %@%c lower
at 707i@70%c.
Corn opened lower on reports of fair weather
in the West. Strength in the cash article de
veloped and the market rallied. December
closed firm. %@%c higher at 59%<g'59%c. -
Oats were quiet. December closed firm. %c
higher at 36%@36%c. .
Eureka, 5S; Mount Tamalpals, 42; Independ
ence €S; Red Bluff, 60; Fresno. 68; Los Ange
les, CS; Sacramento, 62; San Luis Obispo, 66;
£an Diero. 70.
Ean Francisco data.: Maximum temperature.
ES: minimum. 64; mean. 67.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern stations:
Boston. 70-56; Cincinnati, 76-54; Jacksonville,
C-74- Kansas City. 82-64; Philadelphia, 74-56 j
"Washington. 72-48: New York. 70-58.
<120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 23. 1901—6 p. in.
The following maximum temperatures were
rejx>rted from stations In California to-day:
Weather Report.
I Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. V-.-T r ., :
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— It is pretty certain that the 4000-ton
Government contract has gone to Puget Sound,
but the Government yesterday opened bids for
1000 tons, which will be bought here. This
strengthens the market somewhat, though not
to the extent of advancing quotations.
Grays $1 10@l 20; whites, $1 10@l 30; black,
90C5341 10 and red, $1' 05@l 20 per ctl.
CORN— Chicago opened weak, but closed
firm There was a good cash and a large ship
ping demand. The American visible supply de
creased 429,000 bushels. '
There was no change in this market. ¦
Kastern is quoted to. arrive in bulk at $1 62%
for White,"" $1 52% for Yellow ¦ and $1 50 * for
mixed.
RYE— 75@77%c per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Nominal ; none In first hands.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 2000
ctls, 99c; 4000, 99%c. ' ':.— >¦;*¦
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 03%.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session— May— 2000 ctls, $1 03%.
BARLEY— The feeling in the local market is
rather weak than otherwise, though quotations
remain unchanged. Trade Is dull. --
Feed, 73%@75c for choice bright. 72%c for No.
1 and 70c for off grades: Brewing and Shipping
grades, S0@85c; Chevalier, 95c@$l 05 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
WHEAT— Large shipments from the great
producing countries weakened the foreign mar
kets, and the American markets as well. The
shipments in quarters were as follows: Rus
sian, 281,000; Danubian, 85,000; Argentine, 21,
000; Indian, 46,000; Australian, 27.000. The
English* visible supply increased 926,000 bush
els, and the American visible supply 1,753,000.
Chicago opened weak on foreign advices, but
steadied. The winter wheat markets were firm
on light movement. There was a fair shipping
business.** and the close was firm. ;
This market ¦ was weak and fractionally
lower on call.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, 95@96%c; milling, 3S%e
@$1 02% per ctl. s
Wheat and Other Grains.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
Apples are easier, both here and In the East.
Other fruits show no change. The shipping
demand continues good, though as previously
mentioned, it is not as brisk as It was sev
eral weeks ago. At the same time all the
large houses have buyers in the country, pick
ing up supplies.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7%@9%c for Royals and
8@12%c for standard to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 7@Sc; sun dried. 4@4%c;
Peaches, 6@8c ;¦ Pears, 7@9c: Plums, pitted, 4@
5%c; unpitted l@2c;- Nectarines, 3@6c for red
and 5%@6%c for white; Figs, 3%@3%c for black.
PRUNES — New crop are quoted as follows, on
the basis of'3U@3%c for the four sizes: 30-40's,
5%@5%c; 40-50's, 5@5%c; 50-60*8, 4%@4%c;
60-70"s, 4@4%c: 70-80's. 3%@3%c; 80-90' s. 3@3%c;
90-100's. 2%@2&c per lb. Old crop are being
cleaned ud at 3@3%c for the four sizes, -f V
¦ RAISINS— Are cleaned up and nominal."
NUTS— Walnuts. No. 1 softshell, 9%c; No. 2.
7%c; No. 1 hardshell, 9c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds,
13@14c for papershell, 10@llc for softshell and
5@6c fcr hardshell; Peanuts, 5@7c for Eastern;
Brazil Nuts, 12@12%c; Filberts, 12@12%c; Pe
cans, ll@13c: Cocoanuts. * $3 50@5.
•HONEY— Comb. 12@12%c for bright and 10@
12c for light amber; water white extracted, 5%
@6c; light amber extracted,' 4%@5c; dark, 4@
4%c.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
Provisions.
a The announcement of an advance In Bacon
Is rather premature. There has been no gen
eral advance yet, though one is likely to occur
at any moment, as the market Is stiff. Some
houses are quoting an advance, but there are
others which are carrying liberal stocks, and
they are still selling, at the old prices. Hams
are also expected to advance, and Lard is very
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy,
12%c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14%c for
extra light and 16c for sugar-cured. Eastern
sugar-cured Hams, 14@14%c; California Hams,
13%c: Mess Beef, $11 pc-r barrel ; extra Mess,
$12; Family, $12 50; prime Mess Pork, $15; extra
clear, $23; Mess, $19; Siuoked Beef, He per
P °LARD— Tierces quoted at 7%@Sc perlb for
compound and 12c for pure; half-barrels, pure,
lC'iic; 10-lb tins, 12%c; 5-lb tins,«12%c; 3-lb tics,
13c. = '
COTTOLENE — One half-barrel, 9%c; three
half-barrels. 9&c; one tierce, 9%c; two tierces,
9%c; five tierces, 9%c per lb.
Hides, Tallozu, Wool and Hops.
\ HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about l%c under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, 10%c; medium. 9%c; light. 9c; Cow
Hides, 9c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags,
6%c; Salted Kip. 9%c: Salted Veal. 10c; Salted
Calf 10c; Dry Hides. 16@16%c; Culls, 14c; Dry
Kip 16c: Dry Calf. ISc: Culls and Brands. 15c;
Sheepskins, sheerlings. 15@30c each; short Wool
SOffloOc each; medium, 50@75c; long Wool,' 80c@
$1 each; Horse Hides,; salt, $2 50@2 75 for large
and 52@2 25 for medium, $1 50@l 75 for small
and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry, $1 75 for
large $1 25@1 50 for medium, $1 23 for small and
50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or red skins,
35c- fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or thin
skins,. 20c: Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c;
laree'and smooth, 60c: medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%@4%o per lb;
No 2 3%@4c; grease. . 2%@3c.
WOOL— Spring, 19C0 or 1901— Southern, defect
ive, 7 months, 7@Sc;- Oregon Valley. fine, 14@
15c - do, medium and coarse, ll@13c; • Oregon.
Eastern choice, ll@13c; do, fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, : 10@12c. ¦ ¦?--¦¦¦• =
Fall— San Joaquin, 6%@S%c; San Joaquin
Lambs', 7%@9c. Middle County. 8@10c; North
ern Mountain free, 9@llc;do, defective. S@9c;
Humboldt awd . Mendocino. ll@12c per lb. .
HOPS— New, 12®15c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market
Private telegrams from Chicago yesterday
said that on Saturday. Hogs sold at $7 30, the
highest point in eight years. They are now
a "ood deal higher than cattle and about double
the price of sheep.- There • is no • scarcity in
the San Francisco market, as one house reports
its corrals full and more Hogs coming in than
It can tako care of. • It has consequently re
duced Its bids to 6c, though it has not yet ob
tained any at this' figure. _
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: • '¦
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and C@5%o per . lb
f °VEAL-Large, 7@8c; small, 8@Dc per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6%@7c; Ewes, 6@6%c per
pound. ¦ . • ¦_'¦--¦
¦ LIMB — 7<gSc per lb. • ¦ ¦ t;
PORK — Live hogs, 200 lbs and under, 6@6%c;
over 200 lbs, 5%@5%c: feeders, ; sows, 20 per
cent off; boars, 50 per cent off and stags '40 per
cent ¦' oft - from the above quotations; dressed
Hogs; 7%@9%C. _,-¦¦ ' r .. ;^,\ ¦;•
General Merchandise.
GRAIN BAG3— Calcutta Grain Bags, 714©
Sterling Exchange. 60 days* — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86%
Sterling Cables — 4 87%
New York Exchange, sight — 7%
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 10 t
Silver, per ounce — 55%
Mexican Dollars, ' nominal 47 © • 47%
Exchange and Bullion.
A steadier feeling prevailed in the market
for evaporated apples and a fair trade was re
ported at unchanged prices.
Dried fruits . ruled inactive but about steady
at old prices.
DRIED FRUITS,
•55 : -*
NEW YORK, Sept 23.-FLOUR-Receipts,
35,617 barrels; exports, 20,114. Active and
steady. . . .
WHEAT— Receipts, 336,000 bushels; exports,
170,998. Spot, steady; No. 2 red, 76%c f. 0. b.
afloat and 75%c elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth, 76% c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard.Duluth,
SIV&c f. o. b. afloat. Options opened easier and
depressed most of the day by bearish statis
tics, lower cables. Northwest selling, poor ex
port demand and room offerings. They finally
rallied with corn and ' closed steady. May,
79 5-16@79%c. closed 79%c; September, closed
74%c; October, closed 74c; December, closed
76%c.
HOPS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
. WOOL — Quiet
COFFEE — Spot Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice,
5%@5%c; mild, quiet. Futures closed barely
steady, unchanged to 5 points higher. Total
sales, 36,500 bags, including: October, $4 90®5;
-November, $5; December, $5 15; January. $5 25;
March, $5 50; April. $5 50®5 65; July. $0 70@5 75.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; refined, steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 6321 packages. Steady;
State dairy, 14(g20%c; creamery, 15@22%c; June
creamery. 20@21%c.
EGGS— Receipts, 5500 packages. Firm; West
ern, candled, 20%®21c; do uncandled, 17@20c.
"A light rain occurred on the 12th through
out the State: In the eastern section it con
tinued until the 13th, and in the northeast coun
ties much longer. Some damage was done to
the unstacked and to the unhoused wheat in
stacks, causing It to sprout; oat harvesting
was delayed In a few localities, but, as a whole,
the rain has done an Immense amount of good
to all late root crops, late apples, plums, etc.;
has revived the truck gardens and pasturages,
in Tact, hae put a new life into all vegetation
and has cleared the atmosphere of that dismal
mantle of smoke that has hung over the Olym
pic and Cascade mountains for the last two
months, and it has put the eround Into fine
condition for plowing and for seeding fall
wheat which hae now commenced. During the
last three days of the week the weather has
been clear and very pleasant.
"Frost has Injured garden vegetables in ex
posed places of Pierce and Kittitass counties
in the latter part of last week.
"Chelan. which is famous for fine fruits, re
ports peachef, apples and other fruits good.
A good crop of Italian and Petite prunes Is re
ported in Pierce County.
••Harvesting of the eugar beet has com
menced in Spokane County. Corn Is reported
ripe and the crop Is light. Potato digging has
commenced and the crop is reported to be be
low the average. Hop picking Is at its height;
crop fair to good, quality good."
The climate and crop, section of the weather
bureau gives the following weekly report of
the Washington crops:
The Washington Crops.
Foreign Exports.
Foreign exports from this port during the
Cn=t eight months of the year were $22,339,000,
apainst $26,069,000 for the same time In 1900.
the leading destinations being as follows: At
lantic ports, fl.S31.700; Great Britain. $;>,SS3,2iO;
China, S3.034.tiO0; Japan, $2,144,800; Australia.
$1 43S 74": New Zealand. $U>6M6O; Mexico. Sl.
ib» <;r>.t: Central America, $1,363,290; South Amer
ica, $l,361,:40.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.— To-day's state
ment of the treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance. $1S7,SS9,427; gold, $106,102,664.
Foreign Imports at this port during the first
eipht months of the year were J23.633.740,
against $J0,C25,2.'O for the same time last year,
the leading sources being as follows: From
Japai.. «77^S.2OO; China. $4,252,800; Central
America, $4,443,500: East Indies, SS.3SS.obO.
British Columbia. $1,691,100; £rance, $.<9 j.30,
Germany, 5845,400; Australia. $440,640; Mexico.
$405 800- "South America, $594,275; Philippine Isl
ands, $2S1,SS4.
Foreign Imports.
PEACHES— 20@40c per box; Peaches in car
riers, 25@50c; Mountain Peaches, 25@60c per
box. . . . ..--¦ .-:•'"
NECTARINES— Red, 75c per box for cold
storage. ¦
POMEGRANATES— 60c; per box for small
and $1@1 25 for large boxes.
PEAKS— Bartletts. »l@i 50 per box; Winter
Petrs, 25@75c. per box.
•. QUINCES— 35@60o per box/ [ •':- V.^>
• STRAWBERRIES— ?5@7. per-ahest for Long
worths and $3@5 for large berries. ¦
BLACKBERRIES— $3@5 per chest.
• LOGAN BERRIES^-$6 per chest. . .....
RASPBERRIES— $5@6 per chest. .!.....
- HUCKLEBERRIES— 7@8c per. lb... .
FIGS — Black, 10@85o for double, .layer boxes;
White. 10@75c. -
¦MELONS — Nutmegs, 15@40c per. box; Canta
loupes, -25@65c per crate; Watermelons; $5@15
per 100. ¦' ¦. -;-•-¦.?•'
GRAPES— Large open boxes bring about 50
per cent - more than small boxes and crates,
which are quoted as follows: Fontatnebleau
and Sweetwater, - 35@50c per box and crate;
Tokay, 25@50c per box; Muscat, I 2o@50c ; Black.
25@50c; Isabella, 35@75c; Cornichon.- 75@90c;
Wine Grapes, $29@30 per ton for Zinfandel and
$20 for white. ¦ • ¦
CITRUS "FRUITS— Oranges, 50c@J3 50; Lem
ons, Jl@l 25 for 'common and ?2 50@3 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, $1@2 50: Mexican Limes,
repacked. $3 50@4 50: Bananas. 75c@$2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples, $1 50@3 per dozen.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— 75c@$l 25 per box for good to choice
and 35@65c for ordinary.
CRABAPPLES— 60@75c per box.
PLUMS— 10@60c per box; Prunes. 50@75c per
crate.
There was very little feature to yesterday's
market. Supplies of all kinds were more than
sufficient ¦ for' the demand. Melons were dull,
as the weather was against them. Wine Grapes
were firm, owing to the rain,, which must have
done some damage, as It was general and
heajjy for this time of the year. Figs con
tinued weak and plentiful, and carried-over
stock, both black and white, sold down to 10c
per small drawer. Peaches continued abund
ant.
Deciduous, and- Citrus Fruits.
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, Sept. 23. — Cotton futures opened
steady, 3@6 points lower, In sympathy with
weak Liverpool cables. .Prices.further.weak
ened in the last half hour under liquidation
and Southern selling and closed steady, 10 to
15 points lower. - ' "
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, Sept. 23.— Consols, 93 6-16; silver,
26 15-16d; French rentes, lOOf 87%c; wheat,
cargoes on passage, quiet and steady; No. 1
standard California. 29s; Walla Walla. 28s 3d;
English country, markets, steady; imports into
United Kingdom, wheat, 311,000 qrs; do flour,
256,000 qrs ; wheat and flour on passage to
United Kingdom. 2,260,000 qrs; do Continent,
1,750,000. ••• •¦ ¦ ¦>¦ . • -".•;-¦'
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 23.— Wheat, easy; No. 1
standard Calif ornte, . 5s lld@5s ll%d. Wheat in
Paris, quiet; flour in Paris, quiet. Weather in
England, overcast.-': - •;';-.;_ ¦ .J:v» :-
COTTON— Uplands, . 4%d. ¦¦
London Wool Sales.
LONDON, Sept. 23.— The offerings at the wool
auction sales to-day ' numbered 3483 bales. '¦¦ The
demand waa good and. was chiefly from the
home trade and the Continent.
WASHINGTON.
OREGON.
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. Sept. 23.— "Walla Walla, 53@54c;
valley. 54c.
TACOMA, Sept. 22.— Wheat %c lower. Blue
stem, .55c; club, 54c. .
Portland' s y Business.
PORTLAND, Sept. 23.— Clearings, $543,630;
balances, $48,372.
Imports of specie at this port during the first
ei^fct months of the year were $S.S67,227, against
J12.551.26S for the same time last year, the lead
in* descriptions being as follows: Gold bul ion.
£3 176 573: gold coin. $3,594,304; silver bullion.
[L73M77: silver coin. $357,473. The leading
sounds were as follows: Mexico. ?.,54<,l-i,
Australia. ?3,427,75S; Japan. $2,674,698.
Imports of Specie.
LONDON, Sept. 23.— Anaconda 8%; Atchison
79%; Canadian Pacific, 114%; Denver & Rio
Grande, 49% ; ¦ Denver & Rio Grande preferred,
98: Northern Pacific preferred, 100; Southern
Pacific preferred, 60>4 ; Union Pacific " pre
ferred, 91.
-Bar silver— Dull; 26 15-16d.
Money, 1@1}4 per cent.
CLOSING.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.-The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
' The Jewish holiday restricted business on
the Stock Exchange to-day, as did the fact
that we are on the eve of settlement day. The
prolongation of the Boer war and the British
reverses gave a heavy tone to the market.
Tintos declined 1 to 51%.
American stocks were firmer, but there was a
sharp break on the street after the close of
business on a fresh fall in Amalgamated Cop
per.
Money was steady.
LONDON, Sept. 23,-r-Money was easy to-day
and discounts hardened with- indications that
they had touched the lowest point, specially in
view of the increase In the German bank rate
Business on the Stock Exchange was inactive,
but prices were steady. Consols were dull,
which was attributed to the increase in the
German bank rate. The strength of Argen
tines was the feature • of the day. Americans
were inactive and • irregular. The close was
steady. »
London Market.
\ NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Tin in local market
was a shade lower under absence of buyers and
in sympathy with the depression abroad. The
close: was easy at $25 10@25 20, while spot at
London closed at £113 17s 6d, and futures at
£112.; ' :• ' ¦ • •- '¦ ¦ ¦ ' - ¦¦ --V ¦-•.. -
Copper was nominally unchanged here and in
London was weak, with spot quoted at £65 17s
6d, and futures at £65 5s.' . -
Lead, quiet, at $4 37% here,' while at Lon
don spot closed at £12 2s 6d.
Spelter was quiet at $4 C5@4 10 here.. At Lon
don an advance of 2s 6d was recorded, spot
closing at £16 17s 6d.
Domestic iron markets were dull and un
changed. - - ¦ -- -
New York Metal Market.
The first rain of the season occurred Sunday
nigfct and v.as general throughout the, State.
extending from San Diego to Portland. It
M-.ia heaviest in the north central portion of
ih* State, ransingr from .23 to 1 Inch. The San
.ToaQUir., Sacramento. Salinas and Sonoma val
leys all received a wetting. It Is supposed that
crams. Hay and sacked grain have been more
or less damaged, though no reports to this
effect were received yesterday.
The Rain.
U S ref 23 rcg 10R% Hocking Val 4%s..lOC«
Do coup. 1(3 L & N,Unl 4s..... 113
Do Ss rcg..: 1C8 Mex Cent 4s 83
Do coup 1C8 Do 1st inc 32
Do new is reg...l39% Minn & St L 4s 102>A
Do coup 139% M K & T 4s "99-
Do old 4s reg.;..112 Do 2ds .. 83 •
Do coup 113 N-Y- Cent lsts...! '.'.1054
Do 5s rcg -. ..108 Do gen 3%s ...:..1O8
coup .........108 N J_Cpnt gen 5s..l29Va
Atch gen 4s .10a Nor Pac 4s ... 10j
Do adjt 4S ...... 87 Do 3s .:.......,..; 72«
B & O 4s M4- Nor & W con 4s. ..102%
Do 3%s 95% Reading Gen 4s ... 95%
Do conv Is 107 1st L & I M con 5s. 116%
Shares sold 827,300
NEW YORK BONDS.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Stocks — Sales High Low Close
Atchison 25.500 76% 75 75%
Atchison pfd 3,150 97>4 96 96
Baltimore & Ohio 100 103U 102^ 102%
Baltimore & Ohio pfd 93
Canadian Pacific 300 110% 110^ 110
Canada Southern 200 79 78% 7S«4
Chesapeake & Ohio 800 46% 4SV, 46
Chicago & Alton 300 39 38 38»£
Chicago & Alton pfd.... 100 774 77>i 77&
Chicago Ind & Louis.... 2,900 42V 4 41% 41%
Chicago Ind & Louis pfd 900 75% 74% 75
Chicago & East Illinois. 126
Chicago & Great Westrn . 1,700 24»i 23% 23%
Chicago &.G W A pfd.. 200 86 86 86
Chicago & G W B pfd.. .... .... 48
Chicago & Northwestern 900 196% 1S5 194
Chicago Rock lid & Pao LOOO 144% 143% 143%
Chicago Term & Trans: 5,100 24?i 22% 22%
Chicag Trm & Trns pfd 1.900 43>4 41% 42
C C C & St Louis 5,600 99H 97% 98%
Colorado Southern 2,700 -14% 14V4 14%
Colorado So 1st pfd..... 300 54% 54% 54
Colorado So 2d pfd 500 26 25% 25%
Delaware & Hudson.... 100 164 164 164
•Delaware Lack & West 1,500 227 226 226%
Denver & Rio Grande.. 200- 49 48% 48%
Den & Rio Grande pfd. 600 94% 94 94
Erie 63,500 43% 42% 42%
Erie 1st pfd 3,100 71% 70% 69%
Erie 2d pfd 2.7C0 67% 57 57
Great Northern pfd 300 1SSH 1S6% 186
Hocking Valley J00 54 54 63
Hocking Valley pfd 400 75% 75 74%
Illinois Central 400 145% 144% 144%
Iowa Central 6,800 42% 40 42
Iowa Central pfd 3.700 79% 74 78%
Lake Erie & Western... 1,400 68 67 67
Lake Erie & West pfd.. 128
Louisville & Nashville.. 8,400 105% 104% 104%
Manhattan L 62,300 124% 121% v 122%
Metropolitan Street Ry. 2,900 168 165 .166
Mexican Central 1.100 24% 23% j 23%
Mexican National 3,000. 14% 13% 13%
Minneapolis & St Louis. 108 •
Missouri Pacific 7,600 104% 101% 102%
Missouri Kansas & Tex. 200 29% 29 2S%
Missouri Kns & Tex pfd 1.0C0 57 55 55%
New Jersey Central 163
New York Central.- 5.100 157% 155 156%
Norfolk & Western 6,500 55% 54% 54%
Norfolk & Western pfd .... 87
Northern Pacific pfd .%%
Ontario & Western...... 5,600 35% 34% 34%
Pennsylvania 5,000 146 144% 144%
Reading 3,900 42% 41% 41%
Reading 1st pfd 1,700 77 76 76V*
Reading 2d pfd 1.300 54 EJ% 53
St Louis & San Fran 1,400 46% 46 46
Et Louis & S F 1st pfd. ' 78
St Louis & S F 2d pfd.. 300 69 6S% 68
St Louis Southwestern.. 300 31 30% 30%
St Louis Southwst pfd.. 2,200 63% 62% 62%
St Paul 28,800 163%>161 162%
St Paul pfd 200 188%' 188% 1S8
Southern Pacific 42,200 59% 57 57%
Southern Railway 62,100 35% 33% 34
Southern Railway pfd.. 6.400 89% 88% 8S%
Texas & Pacific 3.200 43% 42 42%
Toledo St Louis & West 700 22% 21% 21%
Toledo St L & West pfd 100 36 36 ¦ 35%
Union Pacific 67,100 100% 97% 98%
Union Pacific pfd 9,700 89%. 88% 88%
Wabash 1.600 22% 21%' 21%
Wabash pfd 4,200 40% 39% 39%
Wheeling & Lake yErie .....18
Wheeling & L E 2d pfd 100 . 31 31 30
Wisconsin Central 3,700 23% 22 22
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 200 44 44 43
Express Companies-; ; . : -^;.Q-J*
American *-¦* '.... ".... 190
United States .... 92
Wells Fargo .... 160
Miscellaneous— ~ '
Amalgamated Copper. . .186,100 101 " 92% S3
Amer Car & Found...... 1.000 .29% 29 29
Amer Car & Found pfd. 400 ' 85 84% Sn
Amer Linseed Oil........ 200 20 18 .ill y
Amer Linseed Oil pfd:. -....46
Amer Smelt & Ref 2,300 45% v44% 44%
Amer Smelt & Ref pfd. 400 98% 97% -98
Anaconda Mining Co...: 35,100 42 36% . 87%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 16,400 69% C6% 66%
Colo Fuel & Iron........ . SOO 99% 98 97%
Consolidated Gas ....... 1,500 223 220 220%
Continental Tobacco pfd .400- 117% 116 . 117
General Electric -• 300 261% '261 2fi2
Glucose Sugar ....' 200*56 56 56
Hocking Coal ' 400 -IS . 17%- 1S%
International Paper .300 24% 23% 23%
International Paper pfd 600 7SV4 "8 78%
Internationa! Power 100 95 85 94
Laclede Gas .... So "
National Biscuit BOO .44% 44 43%
National Salt 200 41% 41 41
National Salt pfd.. 74
North American 700 ,98% 98 96
Pacific Coast ....". .... .... 67
Pacific Mail - 400 > 41% 41 40%
People's Gas ."..:....".... 4,200 .109 107% 107%
Pressed Steel Car 300 40% 40% 49%
Pressed Steel Car pfd.. 100 '.. 81 , 81 81
Pullman Palace Car.../. 300 212 212 210
Republic Pteel 2,100 15% ]5 15
Republic Steel pfd 1.200" C7 66% 66'.4
Sugar, ex rights 14.500 , J 26% 123 124
Tenn Coal & Iron 1,900 C3% 61% 61%
Union Bag & Paper Co.. ...".. *¦;.-.. 15V-
Union B & Pap Co pfd. 100 71% 71% 71
U S Leather .'2.100 13 12% 12%
U S Leather pfd 600 81% 80% SO',4
U S Rubber ;... 600 18 17%. 17%
U S Rubber Pfd 100 55 55 54
U S Steel 44,900 43% 42% 42%
U S Steel pfd 14,700 f)3% 32% 92%
Western Union 3,000 S2% . 91% 91%
few railroad stocks, but It was abandoned In
the face of the persistent and heavy liquida
tion In Amalgamated Copper, and the market
turned weak. The net losses run between 1 and
over 2 points in quite an extended list of im
portant stocks. Such a violent decline as that
of Amalgamated Copper is bound to affect the
stock market by sympathy, whatever the condi
tions elsewhere. The Amalgamated Copper
movement grained influence by reason of collat
eral inferences drawn from it by epeculators.
Although a highly manipulative specialty, the
stock has been more favorably regarded than
some other industrials by reason of the in
fluential character of the control of the com
pany. The reduction in the dividend and the
collapse in the price have led to flying rumors
of shortcomings in management and finances
of the same character recently disclosed by
several of the minor industrials. The effect
was to engender distrust of all the industrials
and their blind pool methods. Also the reduc
tion of the ' Amalgamated dividend, following
the conservative refusal by partly Identical
interests to advance the St. Paul dividend,
was taken as a broad Indication of the indis
position of. Standard Oil capitalists to stimu
late a rise in prices. As the fact has been
obvious that insiders were advancing the Mor
gan railroad properties and the Gould proper
ties. Southern Railway. Erie and Manhattan
continuing an advance even this morning,
speculators were inclined to draw an inference
of renewed discord among the great financial
powers whose quarrel precipitated, the North
ern Pacific corner. In addition, the Govern
ment fiscal operations are not expected to yield
*-uch resources to the money market as was
the case last week, while the heavy movement
of currency to the interior continues. Another
day of reverses to the British arms in South
Africa seemed to bring home to the London
market that they must face another Govern
ment loan at an earlier period to meet the
protracted war expenditures there. This brings
another element of doubt into, the problem of
the amount of gold which foreigners will part
with for th? coming import movement to New
York. The advance in the discount rate to
day by the Imperial Bank of Germany was an
other element. The foreign exchange rate
hardened to-day, ending the talk of further
immediate engagements of gold. The market
closed weak. ._
Railroad bonds were strong early, but be
came irregular as stocks turned weak. Total
sales. $2,575,000.
United States new 4s advanced % per cent
on- the last call.
EGGS— Ranch, 30@34c for choice to fancy,
and 27' / fc | S'29c for fair to good; store, 22@25c per
dozen; cold storage, 22©22%c; Eastern, 17@22&c.
BUTTER— Creamery, 24@25c per lb for fancy
and 22%@23c for seconds; dairy, lS@22 1 / 4c; store
Butter. 15@17^c per lb; Creamery Tub, 18@21c;
Pickled Roll. 19@20c; Keg, 18@19c per lb.
CHEESE— New, ll@12c; old, lOVic; Young
America, 12V4c per lb; Eastern, 13®15c. ¦
, Receipts were 19,900 pounds of Butter, — -
pounds Eastern Butter. 392 cases of Eggs, 400
cases Eastern Eggs, 6800 pounds of California
Cheese and pounds Eastern Cheese. '
Dealers quoted unchanged markets under this
head, and all conditions remained about as
they were last week. There is plenty of Butter
and Eggs here for the demand, which is not
sharp. •
Butter, Cheese and Eggs <
NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Money on call was
steady at 3Vi<g>4% per cent; last loan, 3% per
cent; ruling rate, 4 per cent; prime mercantile
paper, 5@6 per cent; sterling exchange was
firm, with actual business In bankers 1 bills at
$4 85(g>4 85% for demand and $4 82%' for sixty
days;, posted rates, $4 83y»@4 S6; commercial
bills, $4 S2@4 82»4; Mexican dollars, 45%c; bar
silver, 58 l ,sc; bonds— Government, strong; State,
Inactive; railroad, irregular.
New York Money, Market,
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY. SEPTEMBER 23.
Flour, qr sks.v... 28,168|Hops, bates 60
"Wheat, ctls 9,270 Tallow, ctla 221
Barley, ctls 24, 130 j Pelts,, bdls. ...;... 3G6
Oats, ctls.. 4.760!Hldes. No 377
Beans, sks 3,686 Wine, gals." 38,300
Potatoes, sks 8,229 Chicory, bbls 40
Onions, sks 252 Quicksilver, flsks 66
Bran, sks 1... 1,035 Wool, sks S7S
Middlings, sks... 135;Leather, rolls 55
Hay, tons.. 739 Sugar, ctls 4,595
Straw, tons....... 20 Mustard, nks 439
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks 7.553 Potatoes, sks..... 25
Oats, Ctls.... 2,250 '¦ -.
Siiort on Qualification.
New York Judges, or sorie of them, are
asking candidates for * naturalization
searching questions.- and.' naturally, are
receiving -strange answers -occasionally.
Judge Aspinall asked an Italian applicant
who made the laws of New York State,
and received the reply "Rlcha da Croke."
The Italian's application was unquali
fiedly and entirely rejected. Another man
who declared that he liv«d in the "State
of Union Street" and -tha 1 : George TVash
ington is. Vice President of the United
States -was also . rejected; We make no
doubt that men- as ignorant as these have
been admitted to citizenship before now
which makes the action o:.' Judge Aspinall
all the more worthy of Imitation by other
judges. — Philadelphia Tiix.ea.
GAME— Doves, per dozen. $1; Hare, $1 25;
Rabbits, Jl 25@1 50 for Cottontail and • Jl 25
for Brush; English Snipe, ; Jack Snipe,
- — per dozen. ,
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and 12@13c for Hens; Young Turkeys, 16@18c;
Geese, per pair,$l 50@l 75; Goslings, $1 50@l 75;
Ducks, $31? 3 50 for old and $3 50@5 for young;
Hens, $3 50@4 50; young Roosters, $4@4 50; old
Roosters, $3 50@4; Fryers, $3@3 50; Broilers, $3
@3 50 for large and $2 25@2 50 f or • small; Pig
eons. $1 25@1 50 per dozen for old and $i 75 for
Squabs. ¦ ; " ¦ • . • .
Receipts for ¦ local fowl were insignificant.
. Two cars of Eastern came In, selling at 15 50
@6 for Bens, $4. 50@5 for old Roosters, J6@6 50
for young do, $4 for Fryers, $3 50 for Broilers,
$4 50 for Ducks, $1 50 for Pigeons, and 15c for
Turkeys.
Poultry and Game.
Decreased exports and imports at this port this year.
General rain throughout the State.
Wheat futures rather lower. Barley iveak.
Government in the market for I ooo tons of Oats.
Corn and Rye as prrjiousiy quoted.
Hay and Fcedstuffs unchanged.
No further fluctuations in Beans.
Potatoes easier. Onions steady. Vegetables in oversupply.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs as before.
Fresh Fruit market well supplied and quiet.
Dried Apples somewhat •weaker.
Hams, Bacon and Lard very firm.
Hogs scarce at Chicago, but in sufficient supply here..
Pacific Codfish lower. .
Nothing new on the local stock exchanges.
New York Exchange lower. Silver unchanged.
Canada So 2ds ....106' |St L & SF 4s .... 95
Cent of Ga ....106%, St L S AV lsts..... SV1
Do 1st isic 81 Do 2ds 79'it
C & O4',4 S 103ti ! S A & A P 4s 815^
C & A 3%s S4H So Pac 4s 92
C B & Q new 4s.. %%\' Do 5s ....117
C. M & St P gen 4s.llO',b Tex & Pac lsts.... 118%
£ & N con 7S......140 jT St L & W 4s,... 84%
C R I & P 4s.... ..106 jU p 4s 103%
C C C & St L g 43.IO414! .Do conv 4s lOG?;
Chicago Term -Is.. P4 (TVabash lsts 11SV4
Colo & So 4s 87*i Do 2ds llO 1^
D & R G 4s 101%' Do dob B 63^4
Erie prior lien 4s. OS . i "U'est Shore 4s 113%:
Do gen 4s SS -I W & L E 4s........ 90»j
Ft W & D C lsts. .105 ! Wls Cent 4s....... 8SH
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ¦'¦'/:> I Old Dominion' 28
Call loans 4@5 Rubber ........ 17
Time loans 5@6|. Union Pacific . 98'
Stocks— Union Land .; 3
A T & St Fe 75 Westingh Elec .... 71
Do prefd ........ 96 Mining Shares—
Amer Sugar 124^4 Adventure 23 :
Amer Tel 163. Bingham Mln Co.. 33%
Boston & Albany.. 256 Amal Copper ...... 93
Boston Elevated ..112 Atlantic ........... 33
Boston & Maine... 142 Calumet & Hecla..71O
Dominion Coal 44^ Centennial 21^4
Do prefd 116 Franklin 16}i
U S Steel 42% Humboldt 40
Do prefd 92% Osceola 98.
Gen Elec 160% Qulncy .....160
Ed Elec 111 250 Santa Fe Copper.. 5
Mexican Cent 23^ Winona 2
N E Gas & Coke.. 6% Wolverines/ 55
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, l@2c: String
Beans. l&@2**c; Limas, 2%@3c; Cabbage, 40@
50c per ctl; Tomatoes from the river, 20@3oc;
from Alameda, 20@40c; Dried Peppers, 10®12»4c;
Green Okra, 25@50c per box; Carrots. 25<g!35c per
sack; Cucumbers, Bay, 25@40c; Pickles, IVi®
1V2C per lb for small and %(iilc for large; Gar
lic, 2@3c; Green Peppers, 25@40c per box for
Chile and 30@40c for Bell; Eggr Plant, 30@40c
per box; Green Corn. 50@85c per sack; Alameda,
75c@$l 25 per crate; Berkeley, 50@75c; Summer
Squash, large boxes, 20@35c; new Marrowfat
Squash, $10® 12 per ton; Hubbard Squash, jl!>
@12. • . ¦
POTATOES— 90c@?l 13 in sacks for Burbanka
from the river; Salinas Burbanks, $1 25@1 55;
Sweets, 50@75c for Rivers and ?1 for Merced.
ONIONS— 90c.@$l 05 per ctl; Pickle Onions, 50
@75c per ctl. , ~> . .
¦ - Supplies of -Vegetables continued large and
the market for most kinds continued weak.
Potatoes -were easy under large receipts oi
over 9(K)0 sks. There was no .particular change
in Onions. Two cars of Merced Sweets came
in and sold off quickly. 'ST& "--»-':
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
tard, $3 15@3 25: Flax, ?2 25@2 50; Canary. S«4
@3VjC for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, l?i
@2%c; Hemp. 3 We per lb. <
. DRIED PEAS— Niles, *1 65 per ctL' ' .
I NEW YORK, Sept. 23.— Earl Fruit Company
sales of California fruit: Grapes— Tokay. 85c@
$2 38, ' average . $1 53 single crate. Pears—Bart
lett, $2 10@3 90, 1 average $2 90 box. Peaches—
Salway. 25@60c, average 49c box; George's Late,
70c box; Lev! Cling; 55c box. Twenty-five cars
of fruit sola to-day.
'Earl ; Fruit Company sales of California fruit:
Grapes— Malaga, SOc@$l 55,, average $1 40 single
crate;. Tokay.. $1 30@l 75, average $1 49 ~ single
crate. Peaches — Salway, 45@70c, average : 57c
box. : Prunes — Italian, 90c single crate ; Silver.
80c single crate. Seventeen cars of fruit sold.
Car from Florin: Salways.. 85@60c, average
57c; Tokays, $1 25@1 90. average $1 63; Clusters,
$1 55@2 55. ' average ¦ $1 63; Cornichons, • $3 50;
Muscats, $1 20@2, average $1 41; assorted, $1 15@
2 10, average $1 60. .
Car from Vacaville: Salways, 40@70c, aver
age 67c; Mock, 65@79c, average 73c; Bartletts,
boxes, |125; Muscats, singe crates, $1 15; To
kays, single crates, $1 30@l 60, average $1 41.
Car from San Jose: Anjou, $170; Beurre
Hardy, $1 45; Clairgeau, $1 50; Fellentrerg, S0@
S5c, average 81c. Balance of car withdrawn.
CHICAGO, Sept 23.— Porter Bros.- Company
sold California fruit to-day as follows:
California Fruit Sales.
SHEEP— Receipts, 2500: market active:
steady. Top, Idaho lambs, $4,50; top, Utah
wethers, $3 35. , ¦/
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Sept. 23.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 4000; Texans mostly 10c higher; natives,
?3@6"30; Texans and Westerns, $2 5O@5 75; cows
and heifers, $1 35@5 10; bulls and stags, J2 25@
5 S5; stockers and feeders, ?2fi4; yearlings and
calves, $2 25@3 75; veals, $2 75@5 75.
- HOGS— Receipts, 3000; market. 5@7%c higher.
Light and light mixed, $6 S0@7; medium and
heavy, $6 95@7 12%; pigs, J3 80@6 85; bulk of
sales, $6 90(57.
ST. JOSEPH.
SHiSEP— Receipts, 20,000. Generally steady;
lambs, strong to 10c higher;' good to choicp
wethers. $3 60@3 S5; fair to choice mixed, $3 30
@3 60; Western sheep, $3 25@4 75; native lambs,
?S@4 75; Western lambs, $3 75@4 65.
HOGS— Receipts, 28,000; to-morrow, 23,000;
left over. 3372. Strong and 5@10c higher. Mixed
and butchers, $5 G5@7 25-'good to choice heavy.
57 10^7 37'^; rough heavy, ?C 60©6 93; light,
?6 9o@7 15. *
Choice steady; others glow. 'Westerns and
Tcxans strong; good to prime steers. $6 20@6 60;
poor lo medium, $4 25@B; stockcrs and feeders,
?2@1 SO: cows, $2 EG£«4 75; heifers, $2 25@F.; can
ners. $1 uCfff2 50; bulls, $1 S0@4 75; calves. $30
G 75; Texas steers, $3@4 50: Western steers.
$3 7. r .(55 45. .-¦.'¦
PACIFIC CODFISH— Most descriptions are
lower as follows: Bundles, per It, 4%c; cases,
regular, 5c; cases, extra large, 5%c: cases.
Eastern style, 6c; Boneless, 6c: -"Norway,
6%c; "Narrow Gauge." 6%c; "Silver King.
7c; Blocks. 6%(§>7c: Tablets, ly.c: Middles.
"Golden State," 7c: Middles, "White Seal."
8c; 5-lb boxes. Fancy Boneless, 9c: 2-lb boxes.
Fancy. Boneless, 7^4®8c; Desiccated, per dozen.
75c; Pickled Cod, " barrels, each, $7; Pickled
Cod. half-barrels, each.- $4.
7tfc; local make,: He less -than -Calcuttaa; Wool
Bags, 32@35c; Fleece Twine. 7H@Sc; Fruit Bags,
B?i@6 1 /4c for cotton and 7@7V4o for Jute.
COAL- Wellington, 59 per ; ton: Southfield
Wellington; $9; Seattle, J7; Bryant. ?8 50; Coos
Bay. $5 50; "SVallsend. J9; Co-cpemtlve Walls;
end. $9: Cumberland, $12 50 In bulk and $1- 13
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14:
Cannel. flO Per ton; Coke, *15 per ton in bulk
and $17 In sacks; Kocky Mountain descriptions,
S3 45 per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton, according to
brand •."••:
OILS— California Castor Oil, In cases. No.
1 70c; pure $1 20; Linseed Oil, in barrels,
boiled. 74c; "raw. 72c; cases. 5c more; LucoU
53c for boiled and 57c for raw In barrels; Lard
Oil 'extra winter strained, barrels!, SOc; cases.
S3c; China Nut. 55@72c per gallon: pure Neata
foot Oil. barrels. 67%c; cases^ 7:'V*c; Sperm.
pure. 65c; Whale Oil, natural " white. 40@4oc
per gallon; Fish Oil. In barrels. 3<%c; cases.
42XAc . —
COAL OIL-Water White Coal Oil. In bulk,
13c; Pearl Oil. in cases, -19c; Astral. 19c: Star.
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine, 24c; Eocene, Zlc;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, 15c; In cases,
21c; Benzine, in bulk.\14c: In cases. 20c: 86-de
gree Gasoline, In bulk, 20c; In cases. 26c. .
TURPENTINE— 5Sc per gallon In cases ana
52c in drums or iron barrels.
SUGAR— The .Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per 1b, In 100-lb baff;j:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed. 5.10c: Pow
dered, 4.95c; Candy Granulated, 4.93c; Dry
Granulated, 4.85c: Confectioners' A, 4.85c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.85c: Beet Granulated, 4.75c; Mag
nolia A, 4.45c; Extra C. 4.35c; Golden C, 4.25c;
barrels, 10c more; half-barrels, 25c more; boxes.
50c more; 50-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or Its equivalent. Doml
nos. half-barrels. 5.35c; boxes, 6.60c per lb. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; CAM,, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1901
STOCK MARKET.
New York Grain and Produce
LOCAL MARKETS.
Chicago Grain Market.
THE COAST RECORD.
10
AUCTION SALES
fe AUCTION Sx^LE j^
AT
NEW ARCADE HORSE MARKET.
327 SIXTH ST.
SfQS TO-MORROW.
WEDNESDAY, SEPTEMBER S3. AT 11 A. M.
1 wtll sell 25 good horses. l-ha.-se wagon, har-
ness, also 3 new top buggies. 3 second-hand
buggies, harness, etc. ; everything must be as
represented or money refunded.
JOHN J. DOYLE. Livestock Auctioneer.
Our stables have been rebuilt, everything
new. with 130 stalls, 10 box stalls with cor-
rals attached for the accommDdation of sal©
horses of every description; also room for stor-
age of 100 buggies, wagons, ec. JOHN J.
DOYLE, successor to Sullivan ti. Doyle.
ATTEND THIS
£* AUCTION SALE j^
100 German Government Horses.
¦ All well broken, weighing from 950 to 1275 lbs.
Have passed the Veterinarian's inspection and
are suitable fcr all purposes. Tneir ages range
from 4 to 8 years. There will be no reserve.
Sale takes place
Thursday.
THURSDAY SEPTEMBER 26, 1001
At 11 O'clock A. 21..
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE.
721 Howard St., near Third. San Francisco,
Horses at yard Wednesday.
WM. G. LAYNO. Auctioneer.
£p» Don't Forget Our Regular Auction Sales
At 1140 Folsom street EVERY TUESDAY, U
a m.. of all classes of Horses. Wagons. Sur-
reys. Buggies. Carts and 100 Sfcts of New and
Second-hand Harness.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
_>• ¦ Steamers leave Broadway
[L^ Wharf, San Francisco:
W^w- For Alaskan ports^ — 11 a. rn.,
Vi5^**^ Sept. 13. IS. 23. 23. Oct. J.
*3n2r*3S—^ Change to company's ateam-
i P?f$5\H^ ers at Seattle -
' cffVa^I wl For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
Kj||6*HC>2sfi? C), Port Townsend. Seattle,
i A"^~SSS§i-i«i Tacoraa, Everett and New
»r Wnatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m..
" "'H Sept. II. 18. 23. 28. Oct. «.
Change at Seattle for this
company"! steamers for Alaska and O. N. Ry.:
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.: at Van-
1 C °For r Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m.. Sept.
14. 19 24 29, Oct. 4. _ >•'¦'*_
For' San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara Port Los Angeles and Relondo (Los An*
geles')— Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.:
IteamTr State of California. Wednesdays. >
'"For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cru».
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoii, Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo). Q»vloU. fgnta Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme, H&st San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and •Newport (*Corona only) — Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays. 9 a.m.; steamer Bonita, Tues-
Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose dst
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paa. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 10 a. va.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company
The company reserves th» right to Changs
steamers, sailing days and lours of sailing
without previousnotlce.
TICKET OFFICE — 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
. 10 Market St.. San Francisco.
O. /?. & N. CO,
"COLUMBIA RIVER ROUTE." '^
Portland to all points East and In the NortS-
west.
"Chicago-Portland Special."
Superior Service— Quick Time.
THE SHORT LINE TO
Walla "Walla and Spokane, and the Baker City.
Lewlston. Coeur d'Alene and -Boise City
Gold Mlnlns Districts.
D. W. HITCHCOCK. General Agent.
No. 1 Monteomery St.. San Francisco.
TOYO RISEN KAMA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
r.er First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkons with steamers lot
India, etc. No carso received on board on
day of calling.
US. NIPPON MARU. .Friday, September 27. 1301
BS. AMERICA MARU .-.
- .; Wednesday. October 23. 19C1
6S. HONGKONG MARU
Saturday. November 16. ISOt
* Round-trip tickets at reduced . rates. Fof
freight and passage apply at company's office
4a Market street, corner Firsi:.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
C0MPAGNI2 GENERALS TRAN3ATLANTIQU3
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-EARIS.
Sailing every Thursday, instead of lg5.*jr&
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from jler 43. — ->**^HS*
North River, foot of Morton street; *L Aqui-
taine, September 19; La Bretiigne. September
26: La Champagne. October 3; »La Savole. Oc-
tober 10.
First class to Havre. J70 an* upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York! J. F. FUGAZI & CO. Pacific Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad TJcket Agents.
'. "Twin Screw Express Steamers.
AMERICAN LINE.
HSV YORK. SOUTHAMPTON. L0ND03. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesday!!, at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia Oct. t\ Philadelphia ....Oct. !S
St. Paul Oct. 6 Haver f 3rd Oct. 25
St. Louis Oct. 16|St. Paul Oct. 30
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
From New York Wedriesday3. at 12 noon.
Friesland Oct. 2 Kensington Oct. IS
Southwark Oct. 9 *Zeeland Oct. 30
•Vaderland Oct. 16 Friesland Nov. «
•Stop at Cherbourg eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. . 30 Montgomery St.
fl/OaanfA IT IT P A HAWAII, SAMOA, tfr.l
8ceanics.s.co. assess
S. S. SIERRA, for- Honolulu, Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney.. Thursday. Oct. 3. 10 a. m.
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu
Saturday. Oct. 13. 2 p.- m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
---- Oct. 24, 10 a. m.
J. D.SPBECXELS & BHOS. CO., Eanera. Aients. 327 Harbin
Ean'l Passaagsr Office, 643 llirkst St., Piar So. 7. Pacific St
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Clfl SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 va.
COLOMBIA.... Sept. 281AREQtriPA Oct. 13
TUCAPEL Oct. 31LIMAR1 Oct. 23
These steamers are built expressly, for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passeneer office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agents.
PANAMA R. R, S S ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
. ' Cabin. $105: Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
5. S. Argyll sails Monday, Oct. 1-%
6. S. Leelanaw sails Thursday, Oct. 24
S.S.Argyll sails Monccy, Dec. 2
From Howard-street \Vha:.-f at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Offlc*:. 330 Market sU .
F. F.- CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND EIVEB STEAMERS.
FOR U. S. NAVY YARD AMD VALLEJ3
-Steamers GEN. FRISBIB o:: HOUTICELLO
9:45 a. m.. 3:13 and 8:30 p. r_. except Sunday.
Sundary, 9:43 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves Vallejj
7 a. m.. 12:30 noon. 6 p. m.. except Sunday.
Sunday, 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. rn Fare 50 cents.
Telephone Main 13CS. Landing and office, pier
T. Mission-it, doclc. HATCH BROS. . .The steamship Colombia, from South
and Central American ports, arrived last
evening. She was too late to pass the
doctor and had to remain in quarantine
all night.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— So far as Oak
land is concerned, the teamsters' strike is
at an end. In accordance with agree
ments reached yesterday with most -of the
transfer companies whose. men were out
the strikers returned to work to-day. The
only hitch was with the People's Express
Company, whose officers flatly declared
Oakland Teamsters Accept Conditions
and Return to Work.
STRIKE IS OFF.
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Gustave A. Nissen
aged 2C, and Rose W.. Roesch, 19, both of
Alameda; I|obert L. Armstrong, 29 San
Francisco, and : Mollie E. Laughlin 21
Livermoie; William L. Smith, 29 Berke
ley, and Amy Harbour, 26, San Francisco-
Siegfried Simon, 46, and Annie M. Minor
27, both, -of . San Francisco; Charles 'H
Tabor, 22. and Josephine Kearney 19 both
of San Francisco; John G. Crowey 39
Napa, and Alice Loretta Bailey, 23, 'San
Jose.
Licensed to Marry.
Janies E. Hopkins, striking teamster,
was found on the sidewalk helplessly in
toxicated yesterday morning. "When taken
to the City Prison a bulldog revolver with
three cartridges and two empty . shells
was found in his pocket,' and he was
booked on n ¦ charge of carrying a con
cealed weapon. He was released'yester
day afternoon on J20 cash ball.
Armed Striker Arrested.
The preliminary examination of John
Harris, charged with having embezzled
four mail sacks, was held yesterday be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Heacock. ' The testimony showed that
Harris had used the. sacks to pack vege
tables and some office effects to his resi
dence, and that he had returned the sacks
within twenty-four hours of the time of
taking them. Judge Heacock discharged
the prisoner. He said that while he was
convinced; that Harris was technically
guilty, he was doubtful whether, under
the circumstances . of the case, a convic
tion could be had, before a Jury. Before
discharging Harris Judge Heacock warn
ed him against repeating the offense.
Harris Escapes With Lecture.
There she clung to him- with all of her
strength, her screams for assistance at
tracting the attention of several deck
hands. The seamen saw'a hat .floating
by and gave an alarm of "Man over
board." Captain Leale gave, the signals
to stop. For a time no one was attracted
to the woman who ; was fighting to save
the life of her husband, to whom she was
clinging with all her, strength. ". There
were no passengers nearby to render as
sistance. On the lower deck, amid the
bustle and confusion of lowering the life
boat to go in search of . the supposed
drowning man a deckhand^ noticed the
dangling form of Krauth." : Rushing to the
UDDer deck he quickly grabbed -the form
The couple were crossing on the 11:15
narrow-gauge steamer from San Fran
cisco. They were seated on the upper
deck aft the pilot-house when Krauth
suddenly . leaped to the ¦ rail and started
overboard.. The startled wife Jumped and
grasped her husband as his body fell half
outside the rail. ¦;:..>?: r .--'.¦•
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, Sept. 23. '
Walter Krauth, a Southern Pacific Com
pany baggageman, owes his life to his
plucky wife, who, by sheer strength, pre
vented him to-day from leaping off the
deck of the ferry-boat Bay City and
drowning in the bay.
Runs responsible for— Stricklett 3. Hale 2.
Three-base hit — Klhm. Two-baae hits — Doyle,
Stanley. First base on errors— Los Angeles -3.
Sacramento 0. First base on called balls— Los
Angeles 4, Sacramento 3. Left on bases— Los
Aneeles 6 Sacramento 4. Struck out— By Hale
7 by Strtcklett 2. Hit by pitcher— Hale.
Double play— Courtney to Stanley. Passed ball
— Stanley. Time of game, 2 hours. Umpire-
Hard! e.
SUMMARY.
LOS ANGELES.
V AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Dougherty, r. f. .... 4 110 2 0 0
Reitz 2b 2 2 0 0 1 1 0
HemphiU. I. t 3 0 10 10 0
Householder, c. f. ..4 2 1 0 2 0 0
Kihm. lb 3 0 1 0 11 0 0
Rellly. 3b 4 0 10 14 0
K>113\ s. s. 4 0 0.0 2 2 0
Spies, c 3 0 0 0 7 10
Hale, p. ..." 2 0 0 0 0 3 0
Totals 23 5 5 0 27 11 0
SACRAMENTO.
A.B. I* . J> r x. IS O. .* O. A. E.
Devereaux, s.s 3 0 0 0 1 0 1
Flood, 2b 3 0 113 3 0
Sheehan. 3b 4 0 0 0 0 3 1
Courtney, c. f * 0..0 02 2 0
Doyle r. f 4 12 13 0 0
McLsushlln. 1. f. ... 3 1 0 0 4 0 1
Davis, lb 3 0 0 0 7 0 0
Stanley, c 3 $1 0 4 1 1
Stricklett, p 3 0 / 0 J) J) 0
Totals 30 2-4 2 24 10 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Los Angeles 0 0 0 0 0 3 0 2 • — 5
Ba«e hits 0 10 0 0 2 0 2 •— 5
Sacramento 0 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—2
Base hits 0 20000002-4
Mrs. Walter Krauth
Saves Husband Prom
Suicide.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 23.— The crowd
sent Stricklett into the air in the sixth
and three bases on balls, coupled with
two hits, gave Los Angeles the game.
Score:
Looloos Continue to Win.
BIG tht/w BEADY TO
MEET IN. THE KING
Reliance Club Prepares for a Large
;¦.. Attendance at the Jeffries-Ken.
¦":¦ nedy Go. 'jSi^'Cx
OAKLAND, Sept. 23.— The Reliance Club
has made provision for seating a blj;
crowd to-morrow night to witness the
lour-round go between Jeffries and Ken
nedy. The champion purposes stopping
his opponent inside of the limit or for
feit $100.
Kennedy declares he will make a fight
¦while he is in the ring. His supporters
say they are confident of their man's pur
pose to keep close to Jeffries, and that is
the prospect which lends interest to the
match.
As preliminaries the club furnishes two
ten-round bouts, the first between Kid
Johnson of San Jose and Arthur Gran
f.eld and the second between Louis Long
of the Reliance Club and "Kid" Chinner
<jf San Francisco. Reserved seats can be
R^cured at Rosenbere's cigar store on
Broadway or at Harry Corbett's place in
Pan Francisco.
The end of the strike here clears trans
bay freight traffic of the obstacles which
for two months had interfered with the
free handling of merchandise. Both sides
are well satisfied that the , strife ceases
and that business can resume its normal
condition so far as the handling of freight
between San Francisco and the east side
of the bay is concerned. The calling off
of the " strike affects Oakland, Alameda,
Berkeley, San Leandro and Haywards on
this side of the ,bay, these cities and
towns depending much upon local trans
fer express companies to haul goods.
they would not treat with the union ex
cept upon such terms as the company de
cided to adopt.
Vice President Barlow of the express
company said this afternoon that the
teamsters whom he cared to take back
to work would be put on the wagons to
morrow morning. He explained that he
was employing the men in their individual
capacity, and it was upon that basis only
that he had consented to receive their ap
plications.
The People's Express Company flatly
refused to take any part in any agree
ments relative to the employment of
union men. The company declared it
would not consent to discharge the non
union men who had been working during
the strike, nor would it order them to
join the union.
Conferences were held during the day
between Business Agent Johansen of the
Brotherhood of Teamsters and Mr. Bar
low, the outcome being that such men aa
the company desires to take back will be
hired by Barlow as he chooses to select
them without reference to their union af
filiations.
Stella Lee Is a bright, particular star in
a firmament of good things presented at
the Orpheum this week. She is sweet of
face and does a dancing turn that is a
pleasure. She performs nearly every step
known to the dancer's art, and her agile
limbs are in motion -for fifteen minutes
without cessation. Her sand jig raised
the enthusiasm of the audience to a high
pitch last night and proved a clever fea
ture of the performance.
The Svengalis succeeded in mystifying
everybody with their exceedingly clever
mental telegraphy, by which two per
formers with their backs to the audience
carry out the desires of the audience in
the way of personifying noted men or
playing or singing some melody. The
leader of the trio, with a delicious Dutch
Orpheum.
WIFE PREVENTS
LEAP TO DEATH
A moral nightmare, a dream of delirium
tremens, a peep into a dark corner of In
ferno, a chapter almost from the life of
Jack the Ripper, is "Dr. Jekyll and Mr.
Hyde" as portrayed by Joseph Haworth
last night at the Grand Opera-house.
Throughout the performance the crowded
house was thrilled with horror and ad
miration — the first for the demon -in hu
man form, the second for the splendid
work of the actor. Admirable ir.deed is
the art with which Mr. Haworth portrays
the opposite characters of the principal in
the play, and he not only acts the oppo
sites with rare skill, but he looks them as
well. In the lightning change in the third
act, when Hyde becomes Jekyll in the
arms of Dr. Lanyon, the transformation
is so complete and so startling from the
hideous, sallow complexioned dwarf to
the frank-faced, tall and manly appearing
Grand Opera House.
Booths will be ercted for the sale of re
freshments, flowers and souvenirs, and
they will be in charge of young ladies
from various college organizations and
sororities. The proceeds of the day will
go toward the endowment of five beds in
the Berkeley Hospital for student use.
BERKELEY, Sept. 23— The Prytanean
Society has completed arrangements for
the garden fete to be held In Co-ed Canyon
In the university grounds on the afternoon
and evening of October 4. The programme
has been placed in charge of Miss Beth
Hamilton of Oakland, who has arranged
for a series of dances and a Grecian
idyll entitled "The Shepherd's Dream."
A stage will be erected in one end of the
canyon, and en this the dances will be
given in the evening. The university
band and mandolin and guitar club will
furnish the music. The following-named
grirls will dance the "Ballet of the Mist":
Lulu Borein, Cecil Cotton. Hilda Kunze,
Maude Goodwin, Ruthie Fischer. Evelyn
Chuff. May Hughes, Mary Uzzell. De
Etta Smith. Fay Newsom, Gladys O'Brien
and Ruth Bastien.
Costume Dances to Be Held in Co-cd
. . Canyon Under Berkeley
Oaks.
that was struggling in the woman's grasp
and landed the man safely on deck.
Then Mrs. Krauth," relieved of her bur
den, gave way to^nervous hysteria. Ladies
took charge of the half-fainting woman
and her husband was turned over to male
passengers.
The steamer was again put in motion
as soon as Captain Leale was notified of
the cause of the trouble and continued its
interrupted journey to Alameda mole. A.
G. Dexter of Alameda assisted In the task
of getting Mrs. Krauth and her husband
to the home of relatives in that city. She
was completely prostrated and was put
under the care of a physician. Krauth
was sent to the Southern Pacific Hospital
In San Francisco to be attended, as he
was suffering from a serious nervous
shock and mental derangement, t
Mr. and Mrs. Krauth had started across
the bay to visit relatives in Alameda, the
husband being a brother of F. K. Krauth
Jr., chief of the Alameda fire department
"Little Lord Fauntleroy" at the Central
Theater Is attracting the attention of the
ater-goers and large houses have greeted
every performance since it opened at the
Sunday matinee. Ollie Cooper plays the
character of .the boyish hero in a manner
that calls forth the plaudits of the audi
ence. The entire cast is well balanced
and a finished performance is the result.
Central.
There was another large -audience at
the California Theater last night, "A
Texas Steer" being the attraction. It has
been a long time since one of .Hoyt's
plays has been produced here and the
theater-going public is pleased that one
is on the local boards, as the farces of
this author never lose their popularity.
"A Texas Steer" is the best of all of
them. Hoyt's pieces are all funny in
themselves, and in the hands of a ca
pable company cannot help producing
mirth. The company now at the Califor
nia is very clever and well balanced. The
singing Is excellent and some, of the
songs convulse the audience.
California.
PRYTANEA1TS COMPLETE
GABDEN FETE PLANS
Miss Laura Millard, who has just returned
from Europe, where she went for additional tui
tion after several successful years as a singer
in this country; Miss Grace Dudley, who was
the Lady Holyrood of the New York Casino's
original production for many weeks with emi
nent success; Miss Frances Graham, a young
English girl, brought to America specially for
the role of Angela Giifain; W. T. Carleton, for
years star of his own opera company, and Philip
H. Ryley, one of the best of character comer,
dians.
" A Modern Crusoe" goes for the week
at the Columbia. Next week "Florodora,"
the long-promised, comes. The cast,
though not the original one, is said to pos
sess satisfactory equipment in the way. of
singing ability, good looks and vim, and
includes the following named:
Columbia.
Factional Fight Not Settled.
The effort to settle the factional fight
that has arisen in the Oakland Building
Trades Council failed at a conference
held last night in that city. The "executive
committee of the San Francisco Building
Trades Council was present to take a
hE.nd in the proposed settlement of differ
ences, but its proffered services were of
no avail. After discussing the situation
for hours the committee adjourned with
ot.t accomplishing anything except to
agree that another conference should be
held. The trouble in the Oakland com
ntttee is due to the efforts of J. H. Mul
len, former business agent, who lost the
fight for re-election last week, to secure
cor.trol of the committee and get back
in :6 office again. The faction led by D. A.
Shannon, the present business agent. Is
lighting Mullen at every step.
Beaten, and Robbed.
James Williams, a non-union man, liv
ing at 403 Broadway, was atfacked, beaten
and robbed at 9 o'clock Sunday night on
Folsom street, between Seventh and
Eighth. He had a trifling sum on hi3
person but it was all taken. Hi was
treated at the- Harbor Hospital yesterday
morning for a badly battered face. One
of his eyes was quite seriously injured.
STBIKING SAILORS HOB
AUT) BEAT F. A. BECKMAU"
Kefuse to Listen to His Assertion
That He Is Not a Non-TTnion
Laborer.
F. A.' Beckman was treated last evening
for various contusions and bruises re
ceived, he alleges, at the hands of strikers.
Beckman, who resides at 765 Mission
street, and who says he has been em
ployed as a dishwasher at 6 Eighth street,
stated that he was accosted by a crowd
of strikers at Mission and Steuart streets.
They took him into a place he says he
believes to be the headquarters of certain
striking sailors, threw him to the floor,
robbed him of his money and after severe
ly beating him threw him into the street.
Beckman says he explained to his assail
ants that he had nothing to do with the
strike either as a union or non-union man.
but they refused to listen to him and
brutally abused and robbed him. as stated.
Dorothy Morton sang several selections
with her magnificent voice, and her coon
songs were well received. "The Bride
groom's R"everie," by the Misses Delmore
and Walter Caryll, Marsh and Sartella in
a dancing specialty and the Karsyp with
their marvelous instrument the "myrlo
phon" round out one of the best bills ever
seen at this popular playhouse.
accent, stands ir. the auditorium and con
veys the whispered request of the specta
tor In some unaccountable manner to his
co-workers, and the illusion is perfect.
As a climax he picks out a stranger in
the audience and without a word his con
frere on the stage reproduces the coun
tenance. Press Eldridge has a bunch of
new jokes and songs, and his parody on
"The Holy City" is "worth the money."
It was generally supposed that there is
nothing new in acrobatic stunts, but tne
Parros brothers have succeeded in in
venting quite a number.
sa ("Falstaff" is still to be prayed for),
and to-night "Carmen" is the bill.
< BLANCHE PARTINGTON.
The" last* week of the engagement of
Miss. Florence Roberts at the Alcazar
Theater commenced last night, when
"Sapho" was reproduced to a house
packed to its utmost capacity. This is
probably the Sjest emotional part played
by this talented actress, and she seems
to improve, if that were possible, every
time the piece is presented. The audience
was so wrought up w^en she was plead
ing with Jean at the close of the second
act to let her ttax with him that hand
kerchiefs were very much in use, and a
young lady in one of the boxes became
hysterical. Jean Gaussin was represented
by Lucius Henderson, and he gave a very
clever interpretation ¦- of the part all
through. Carlyle Moore was equally ef
fective and convincing as Flamont, and
gives promise of much better things in
the future. George Webster, Barton Hill
and other members of the company per
formed their parts well. The scenery is
excellent and the ball at Dechelette's was
enchanting.
Alcazar.
Dr. Jekyll that it seems more the work of
a professor of legerdemain than that of a>
mere actor. Herschel Mayall as Richard
Enfield was good support to the star, and
the rest of the cast did as well as they
were able. "There were some "few hitches
in the scenic/changes and in the play of
the green light— some little lacK of oil in
the machinery of the play — but that will
be ' remedied to-night. The grewsome
drama shows Mr. Haworth's ability, bet
ter than any 'of the other plays that he
has produced during the present engage
ment.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 23.— Delmar Park results:
First race, one mile, selling— Ellis won. Man
damus second. Moo Ne Ite third. Time. 1:43ft.
Second race, selling, six furlongs — Soundly
¦won. Orleans second. Deloreine third. Time,
1:14V*.
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Dave
Sommers won, Jordan second. Rose of Red
third. Time. l:CS?i.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Kindred won,
Kazan second, Attelle third. Time, 1:14*4.
Fifth race, one mile, selling— Beblalse won,
Orlandine second. Amelia third. Time. 1:43^.
Sixth race, one mile and an eighth, selling: —
Menace won. Miss Theresa second, Schnell
Laufer third. Time. 1:55.
NEW YORK. Sept. 23.— Gravesend results:
First race, about six furlongs — Cameron won,
Caughnawaga second, Numeral third. Time,
1:11 1-5. *
Second race, one mile and a sixteenth, handi
cap — Decanter won. Morning Side second.
Smoke third. Time. 1:46 4-5.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Cath
erine C won, Notlimab second, Castlron third.
Time. 1:05. *»
Fourth race, the Sea Breeze Stake, mile and
a sixteenth, selling — Ethics won, Autolight sec
ond. Paul Clifford third. Time, 1:48.
Fifth race, about six furlongs— The Muske
teer won, Modrine second. Bold Knight third.
Time. 1:12 1-5.
Sixth race, mile and seventy yards— Belle of
Troy won, McAddle second, Agnes D third.
Time, 1:44 1-5.
CHICAGO. Sept. 23.— Hawthorne results:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Amote
won. Lady Like second, Blue Ridge third.
Time, 1:08%.
Second race, six and a half furlongs — Rival
Dare won, Ranco second, Synia third. Time,
1:20%. V
Third race, six furlongs— Headwater won,
Money Muss second. Gonfalon 'third. Time,
1:12%.
Fourth race. The Autumn Stakes, two miles-
Barrack won, Argregor second, Kentucky Babe
third. Time, 3:20.
Fifth race, one mile, selling — Cambrian won,
Vulcain second, Boney Boy third. Time. 1:40%.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, selling-
Aladdin won, Stella Perkins second, Lysbeth
third. Time. 1:0714.
Seventh race one mile — Rolling Boer won,
MacGyle second, Alfred C third. Time, l:40>&.
TOROXTO, Sept. 23.— Woodbine summary:
First race, five and one-half furlongs — The
Boer won. Myrtle Van second. Eau Claire third.
Time. UOSM.
Second race, one mile — Colonel Ballentine
won. Choremaster second, Beguile third. Time.
1:44*4.
Third race, four and one-half furlongs — Orla
won. Jack McGInness second, Meditation third.
Time. :hl\i.
Fourth race, mile and one-sixteenth—Top
mast won Advocate second. Grain Dally third.
Time. l:53!i.
Fifth race, steeplechase, mile and three
quarters—Barley Sugar won. Gallahad second,
Happy Hermit third. Time. 3:46U.
Sixth' race, six and one-half furlongs — St.
David won, Flacur second. Tempt third. Time.
1:24.
The Sea Breeze Stake at Gravesend
Goes to Ethics, With Autolight
Second.
KOI/LING BOER WINS MILE
DASH AT HAWTHOENE
A telephone message was received at
the Central police station yesterday after
noon about 2 o'clock that there was trou
ble at First. and Natoma streets. Sergeant -
Donovan and two policemen drove to the
scene in the patrol wagon. It developed
that one of McNab & Smith's drivers,
named Sheldon, was unloading a truck
load of machinery at 52 Natoma street
when a crowd of women, backed up by
two hoodlums, took possession of the
truck. The- two hoodlums attacked Spe
cial Officer -Blair and the driver. B*air
drew his revolver and kept them at bay.
Sheldon also drew his revolver, but later
disappeared. Sergeant Donovan and the
officers soon cleared the street and re
mained till the_ truck was unloaded.
Edward Le Fevre, 213 Buena Vista
street, a striking machinist, secured a
warrant from Judge Cabaniss yesterday
for the arrest of Joe King, the ex-pugilist,
on a charge of battery. He said that King
had brought nine machinists from the
East for the RIsdon Iron Works, and
while King was walking along Michigan
street with foiir. of the men Le Fevre,
who is a union picket, spoke to one of the
men. King, he said, struck him in the
face three times and knocked him down.
His upper lip was slightly puffed from the
blows. Bail was fixed at JoO. I
The case of Alvin Smith, stationary en
gineer, charged with assault to murder
for striking Fred Muffelman, engineer for
Healy, Tibbits & Co., on the head with a
piece of leadpipe, was called in Judge Ca
ba.nlss' court yesterday. Muffelman was
in court with his head bandaged and he
presented a pitiable spectacle. He was so
weak that he had to lean his head on the
back of the seat in front of him. Dr.
George Adam, who is attending MunTel
man, was called to the stand and testified
that it would be at least a week before
Muffelman would be able to testify owing
to his weakened condition. The Judge
thereupon continued the case until Fri
day. October 4.
William Louttit and John Meany, strik
ers, who were convicted Friday by Judge
Cabaniss on the charge of battery for
btrating John Estes, a cripple from th«
country, on Third street on the night of
August 2S, appeared for sentence yester-'
day. Louttit was fined 130. with the al
ternative of fifteen days in Jail, and
Meany $20. with the alternative of ten
ditys. Their attorney gave notice of ap
peal.
Charles Markley, James E. Markley.
Edward Hynes and J. H. Styles, striking
teamsters, were held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Cabanlss yester
day on the charge of assault with a dead
ly weapon in 1500 bonds each. They were
accused of attacking Randolph Blunt, a
colored non-union man, at Post and
Powell streets early on the morning of
September 4 and firing a shot at him.
Several Held to Answer and Others
Fined by Magistrates.
STRIKEHS IN OOUI&.
NABUCCO," picturesque, melo
dramatic, brassy, noisy, violent,
the first opera whereby Verdi'
gained recognition, antedating
"Falstaff" by fifty-one years,
was given for the first time in San Fran
cisco last night. To the enterprising lit
tle opera-house on Eddy street we, of
course, owe this opportunity of comparing
Verdi at his youngest with the mature
genius who gave lis "Otello" in 1587, and
with a lively expectation of favors " to
1 come we avow our gratitude therefor.
The only logical thing for the Tivoli now
to do is to put on "Falstaff," by happy
coincidence one of Salassa's good parts,
and so give us the first and last operas of
the splendid old Italian maestro.
"Nabucco" was very favorably received
last night by an enthusiastic house; the
first act, by much the best, closing with
a half dozen curtain calls, and the fine
overture was also greeted with strong ap
plause. "Nabucco" is a curious opera,
containing neither love story, nor tragedy,
and thereby hangs the tale of its dis
appearance from the stage, for the music
is by no means inferior to many operas
that have had much longer life than this
first child of Verdi's genius. It has two
great parts, however, which explains its
sometime appearance on the stage, and
explains further its present production at
the Tivoli, the parts of Nabucco and
Abigail. Salassa has the role of Nabucco,
and though his work in it is not so great
as his conception of Iago, it is yet a pow
erful and interesting interpretation.
He sang splendidly last night, with that
vibrant, resonant voice of his, and though
the lightning did not work when it should
have struck off his crown the performance
was otherwise free from disaster of any
kind. Barbaresohi is a noble figure as tfte
usurping daughter of Nabucco. and Jooks
unusually handsome and imposing. The
role suits her all through, vocally and
dramatically, and the opera is worth
hearing if alone for the work of these
two — Barbareschl and Salassa. Dado adds
another to the good things he has done
during the season by a thoroughly artistic
rendering of the part of Zaccaria. the high
§riest; Pollettinl is a graceful Fenena, the
aughter of Nabucco; Cortezi is a pleas
ing Ismaile and Napoleoni is efficient in
the part of the high priest of Baal. Ar
thur Boyce's Italian is apparently home
made.
The chorus does the good, fresh work
that it always seems to do in a new
opera, and Mr. Steindorff and the orches
tra deserve hearty praise for their useful
efforts.
"Hamlet" Is in preparation, with Salas-
Tfte attorneys in the case think it will
require several days- to secure a jury to
try Adams. A special panel of jurors may
be necessary.
When the afternoon session closed only
three men had been secured as temporary
jurors. They were A. A. Demars, Augus
tin Bernal and L. Lemekin. They may be
dismissed, however, when the peremptory
challenge privilege is exercised by the at
torneys on both sides. Some of the jurors
stated that they had formed opinions
from the reading of the case in the news
papers.
Attorney Church, who conducted the ex
amination of the first six of these men
before an adjournment was taken, inter
rogated them very closely .upon their
views on insanity and self-defense, show-
Ing that the defense will rely on these
two grounds in the attempt to clear the
defendant from the charge against him.
Jurors were asked if they . distinguished
between insanity that is the result of dis
ease or heredity and the insanity that is
caused by the excessive use of intoxi
cating liquors. They were also sounded
for their opinions upon self-defense, and
particularly upon the degree to which
they thought they should forbear before
taking aggressive steps In their own be
half.
The afternoon session was taken up
with the examination of jurors. The first
twelve men to be called to the jury box
were A. A. Demars, John H. Troy,
Augustin N. Bernal, L. Lemekin, Peter
Cook, William Langstaff, Theodore P.
Strong, Severin Anderson, E. E. Walcott
and Charles T. Gunn. s
Upon the third ground for challenging
the panel, regarding- the legality of the
excuses of jurymen. Judge Melvin held
that ho had acted within the law. He
then denied the challenges of the defend
ant's counsel and ordered the trial to pro
ceed.
Insanity and Self-Defense.
After argument upon the question of
the right of the Superior Judges to draw
the jury panel Judge Melvin said he
thought the proceedings had been regular,
as the law requires that where the popu
lation of the county reaches more than
100,000 the selection of the jury is taken
#>ut of the hands of the Board of Super
visors.
Upon the calling of the case Attorney
Snook challenged the legality of the jury
panel upon three grounds— that the Board
of Supervisors and not the Superior Court
Judges should have selected the jurors;
that some of the jurors who had been
regularly drawn had not been summoned
by the Sheriff, and that a number of Jury
men had been excused from attendance
without giving legal excuses. The testi
mony of Deputy Sheriff William Holland
was introduced to sustain the contention
that some of the jurors drawn had not
been summoned. One of these jurors was
John N. Bonham. The Deputy Sheriff tes
tified that he did not summon him be
cause the summons called for a man
named John A. Bonham. He had not
been able to find three other men whose
names had been drawn. \
Jury Panel Is Challenged.
When the case was called Adams sat in
court in a chair next to that of his daugh
ter, Miss Agnes L. Adams, who had ap
peared a few minutes before the session
began. During the entire day they spoke
but few words, though sitting in quite
close proximity. Adams buried his face
in his hands most of the time and seemed
to be listening intently to the proceed
ings. Miss Adams sat upright and ap
peared to have only a passing interest In
what was going on about her. There were
no conversations between Adams and his
attorneys, who devoted all of their time
to the technical phases of the case and
the effort to secure a jury.
'Attorneys Charles E. Snook, Linwood S.
Church and N. A. McConaghy appeared
in behalf of Adams, while District Attor
ney Allen and Deputy District Attorney
Harris conducted the prosecution.
..Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway. Sept. 23.
Charles G. Adams, the former Episcopa
lian clergyman, who shot and fatally in
jured Dr. John G. Jessup of Berkeley
while the victim' of the tragedy was try
ing to' pacify him in behalf of his daugh
ter, is on trial for his life. The trial of
the murder charge against him began at
10 o'clock this morning in Judge Melvin's
court.
It is supposed that Mrs. Collins was
cooking her dinner when the oil stove ex
ploded. The body was taken to the
Morgue.
About three months ago Mrs. Collins
ranted a room in the upper story of the
Mission-street building. Little is known
of her. She was in poor circumstances
and lived frugally. She associated little
with the other occupants of the house
and was regarded as somewhat oZ a
recluse.
About 7 o'clock last evening O. B.
Decker detected the odor of smoke in tha
building and traced it to Mrs. Collins*
room. He broke the door open and a
sheet of flame burst into the hallway.
With the assistance of several other
roomers the fire was soon extinguished.
The body of the unfortunate woman was
then found.
Mrs. Collins, an aged woman residing
at 952 Mission street, was burned to death
in her room last evening through the ex
plosion of a coal, oil stove. The woman
was alone at the time she met her death.
The fire was extinguished by other room
ers in the house.
President Roosevelt will sign to-morrow
the commissions of some thirty artillery
officers, who were promoted to-day as a
result of the enlistment of the artillery to
Its full strength. He will also appoint a
Targe number of second lieutenants and
detail several officers to various staff de
partments.
In determining to place a capable and
comparatively young officer at the head of
the ordnance department President Roose
velt has in mind the necessity of a
thorough reorganization of that depart
ment. During the war with Spain Presi
dent Roosevelt, then a lieutenant colonel
of the First Volunteer Cavalry, experi
enced great difficulty in getting arms and
the ordnance equipment lor his regiment.
It is his desire to put the department in
condition to meet without delay any de
mands that may be made upon it. Cap
tain Crozier is regarded by army officers
as the man to effect the needed reorgani
zation. His selection by the President is
not final, but it is understood that his
name is under consideration. He is a
splendid type of the ordnance officer, en
ergetic, careful and persistent. Should
his appointment be made he will over
slaugh twenty-nine brother officers who
rank as colonels, lieutenant colonels, ma
jors and captains.
Captain Crozier is not yet forty-five
years of age. He was born in Ohio and
was appointed as a cadet at the military
academy from Kansas, entering in 1S72.
He was graduated from the academy in
1S76 and was appointed second lieutenant
of artillery. He was transferred to the
ordnance department in 1881 and in 1890
was promoted to the grade of captain.
During the war with Spain he was ap
pointed major and inspector general of
volunteers. He is popularly known by
reason of his participation in the invention
of the Crozier-Buffington disappearing
gun carriage. In recognition of his worth
he was appointed professor of philosophy
at West Point, but declined to serve, pre
ferring ordnance work.
Brigadier General Adelbert R. Buffing
ton, chief of ordnance, will be placed on
the retired list next month and the indi
cations to-day are that he, will be suc
ceeded by an officer of the grade of cap
tain—Captain William Crozier, now on
duty at the Sandy Hook proving grounds.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, X.
W.. WASHINGTON, Sept. 23.-Young
blood will be injected by President Roose
velt into the departments of the army
which have been sluggishly transacting
business under the methods adopted dur
ing the Civil War. The ordnance depart
ment will be the first to receive a healthy
infusion of youthful energy.
CALL, BUREAU. 1406 G STREET X
W.. WASHINGTON. Sept. 23.-Free traV
sit across the Isthmus of Panama was
assured and the cities of Colon and Pan
ama saved from an insurgent attack Sep
tember 13 as the r<~>ult of the vigorous
representations made by the American
consular officers. These representations
•were especially important in view of the
attempt of the insurgent commander to
receive recognition from Great Britain
France and Spain. '
Consul Malmros. the American repre
senuuve at Colon, states in his report
that he received through the Alcalde of
Colon an open letter from the insurgent
£?i?S an ?? r ' ,F»vta* notice of a contexS
? i,^L e< i, a 5 t ? ck tm Colon, which letter he
immediately referred to the commanding
?S%L$ l K e Machia *- The Consul wa!
w?^?*?*. h^ * dentlcal notes had been
1 at the Alcaloe's office for the consu
lar officers of Great Britain, France and
fcpain. Energetic action was taken by
Malmroe immediately after he had re
ceived the insurgent notification. He
transmitted to the insurgent commander
a notification that "any interference with
the free transit of goods and persons
across the Isthmus of Panama will be a
violation of the treaty rights of the
united States, and the United States will
act accordingly."
This declaration, reinforced by the
moral effect of the presence of the gun
boat Machias at Colon and the battleship
Iowa at Panama, caused the insurgent
commander to abandon his plan for oper- '
ations against those points.
"So long as our ships remain there," the
Consul General at Panama reported to the
State Department, "there will not likelv
be any trouble."
Consul Malmros clearly defined to the
insurgent commander the point at which
American intervention would occur Xot
enly would it act in the case of the in
.terruption of free transit across the Isth
mus, but he stated that any "obstruction
of free access to the Panama Railroad
station at Colon from any of the docks of
the port or any obstruction of the main
streets of Colon to the Panama Railroad
station and any act of the insurgents'
*°mF*V ren dering such access dangerous
¦will be regarded as an interference with
the free transit referred to."
The State Department has heartilv ap
proved Malmros' vigorous stand. In his
report Malmros adds that during the
night of September 3, the day he received
the insurgent notification. 100 Government
troops arrived from Panama at Gatun
and about the same time the insurgent
forces decamped. Fifty of the 100 men at
Gatun arrived at Colon on September 4,
6 2> at the i orces at Colon amounted to
100 soldiers and thirty policemen. The
rebels forces at Gatun are variously esti
mated at between 200 and 500 men, but
? as far as the Consul can ascertain no
body has actually seen more than fifty
men. There may be some additional in
surgents within supporting distance, but
.lardly enough to swell their number to
V0 men. A general order is published <n
¦tanama indicating the reorganization cf
yie insurgent forces in Panama. That
foreign interests are menaced by the ope
rations of the insurgents and their danger
may lead to European intervention is in
dicated by Consul Malmros' statement
that "property belonging to American res
idents of the district of Bocas del Toro
has been Impressed by insurgents."
The State Department officials say that
if American interests have been injured
other foreign interests have undoubtedly
suffered.
Consul Malmros acted as promptlv to
secure indemnity for persons whose prop
erty was seized as he did to notify the
insurgents that his Government would not
permit the interruption of free transit.
He has directed that affidavits be pre
pared stating the names of the parties
taking the property, a full description of
property, its value and other pertinent
facts, "in order that well-supported claims
for Carnages may hereafter be presented."
In his official report of the situation
Consul General Gudger refers to the cur
rent report that an invading force from
Corinto, Nicaragua, has landed at Chame,
some twenty to thirty miles distant from
Panama. The report has not been con
firmed.
Consul Malmros, who will be officially
commended for the atitude he adopted,
has been in the consular service less than
two years, but his work has been of a
high order and the authorities are con
fident that he will be able to deal with
the situation.
Insanity and Self-Defense Are
the Pleas of the
Prisoner.
Neighbors Arrive on Scene
Too Late to Save the
Woman's Life.
Disapproves of Sluggish Way
" in Which They Are
Notifies Them They Must
Not Disturb Traffic on
the Isthmus.
Attorneys for Homicide
Attack the Jury
Panel.
President Roosevelt In
tends Overhauling
Departments.
Stand Taken by Ameri
can Consul Frightens
the Insurgents.
A^ed Mrs. Collins Burned
to Death in Her
Room.
FATAL FLAMES
FROM OIL STOVE
ADAMS ON TRIAL
FOR HIS LIFE
CHANGES AMONG
ARMY OFFICIALS
SAVES PANAMA
FROM ATTACK
Opera Favorably Received— -Joseph Haworth Gives Realistic Im
personation of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde-— "Texas Steer"' a Big
Hit at California-— Svengalis Mystify Patrons of the Orpheum
"NABUCCO" HEARD AT THE TIVOLI
FO R F I RST T IME I N S A N FRANC I SCO
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TtJESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24, 1901. C.
VAUDEVILLE STAR AT THE OR
PHEUM AND SIGNORINA- BAR
BARESCHI, WHO THRILLS TIV
OLI PATRONS.
11
"GOLD DUST."
II "Lot tho GOLD DUST twins do your work I" I!
55« flf flCT Kg Jpw fir B3 Mf A9 MM El Si mv^Ss £M p3&
Rxdl wmSsF JEEWw «M-^B*y gSwySy W&mSy Qjj^Zr £w K9
IS makes the pans and kettles clean arid bright It does the work much ¦§
£9 better than soap and in much less time. ' ' . §§
Hflj - : Vf? You save half your labor when you use GOLD DUST. It is the world's DS
Ms - best cleanser. It cleans everything and injures nothing. Grocers have it g«
Ef| " Send fcr our FREE booklet " Golden Rules for Housework." §3
III THE N. K. FAIRBANK COMPANY. Chicago. St. Louis. New York. Boston. B|
l^^aiBttfc? F° r Golfers,
S P??~3§5 a Sportsmen . and
jH s^Jr^sif^sa «s>// wAo travel —
jrr^=%=^|f} fa much sustenance
[fe^|.//7 little bulH. ¦*¦
y^VCOMPANYS
V/ vl>FXTRAGT'THE SA1ST FRANCISCO? CAtLj TUESDAY, SEETEMBER ; 2 4^ 1901.
12
EMPLOYMENT WANTED- — FEMALE.
CLAIRVOYANTS — Continued
DAIRY route, 21 cows, complete, in operation.
FRED ROHRER, P. O. box, Trestle Glen,
East Oakland.
A— $350; CORNER saloon; good trade; full
value; rent $30. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
A-1450; RESTAURANT, Kearny st; receipts
about $20 day. STRAND & CO., 209 Kearny.
A — WE buy, sell or exchange business of any
kind. STRAND & CO.. 20» Kearny Et
AN English lady' of refinement - to • care for
children or companion to lady; speaks French
and Spanish. R A., 1823 Devisadero St., San
Francisco. - . ' -¦ I
YOUNG German woman wants work by the
day; flrst-class laundress or house-cleaning;
$1 50 a day. Apply to 6 Marye . Terrace, off
Turk st, near Larkin. .
A— CIGAR stand: fine location; rent only *15;
monthly sales $450; owner getting old; will sell
cheap. HEDGES BROS., 410 Parrott building.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant: 13 rooms; 16 beds;
always full: every convenience; must sell;
ill health. MISS M. HEATH, Belvedere, Cal.
SAJf FRAKCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Prandico
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery ctreet.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayes Etreet; open until 3:30 p. m.
639 McAllister street; open until 3:30 p. in.
C15 Larkin street: open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission Etreet; open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 j). m.
106 Eleventh Etreet; open until 9 p. m-
1096 Valencia street; open until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and ' Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
2:00 Flllmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES." 5
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5, R. A. M-, ¦
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN-
ING, Sept 21, at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. TCX
dsgree. By order of the H. P. /Ti
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and •
A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. D 3. JLjl
By order W. M. . /V r >
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M., m
121 Eddy st, meets THIS EVENING,
7:30 o'clock; 2d degree. *E_J\
GEORGE PKNLINGTON. Sec.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. M. B
—Third degree THIS (TUESDAY)
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. >«LX
A. S. HUBBARD. Sec. /^T >
MISSION Lodge No. 169. F. and A. m
M. — Officers and members are hereby _#%_
notified to attend the funeral of our jjjf
late brother. ISAAC WILEY, from the /VA
hall of this lodre THIS DAY (TUESDAY)
at 1:30 p. m. By order of the W. M.
R. E. ALLAN. Secretary.
IVANHOE Lodge No. 5. K. of P., will jfc
confer the Knight Rank (long form), Vr J*<
WEDNESDAY, September 25, 1901, at ;><SK«
Pythian Castle, 909H Market Et.. at VQiU
8:30 p. m. Members of sister lodges cordially
invited. W. S. HANBRIDGE, C. C.
O. NORCROSS. K. of R. and S.
ADOPTION.
GIRL and boy baby for adoption. MRS. DR.
FCNKE. 1416 Eighth ct. Alameda.
• AGE NTS WASTED.
WANTED— Men, women, students— everybody
to take orders for the authorized life of our
".Martyred President," supplemented by
Hay, Hanna. Roosevelt Root, Long, Gage
end other high officials in the national ser-
vice; complete history from "Cradle to
Grave"; 15 to 30 orders a day: no capital re-
quired: best book; best terms; freight paid;
outfit free; order at once; Shepp Pub. Co.,
720 Ranstead St.. Philadelphia, Pa.
McKINLEY'S Life, by Murat Halsted: best
author: best book; best terms; retails $1 50;
will duplicate any offer on inferior books;
credit given; freight paid; outfit free. J. S.
ZIEGLER & CO.. Chicago. 111.
AGENTS wanted— Life of McKinley: five hun-
dred page large book; handsomely illustrated;
outfit free; now ready; 75 per cent discount to
agents; freight paid; credit given. HENRY
NEIL S23 Dearborn st., Chicago.
THREE reliable men (Swedish nationality pre-
ferred) to act as agents for a thoroughly es-
tablished business; must have first-class ref-
erences. A. D. F., box 685, Call office.
BONANZA for agents— Best "Life of McKin-
ley"; send 10c postage for handsome outfit
R. R. PATTERSON. 429 Montgomery, S. F.
ASPHALTUM ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired; postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ATTORXEVS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty; quick;
Quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills, deeds, etc., prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private; bankruptey;col-
lections;attachments; mortgages; bills of sale:
partnerships; deeds;wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THCRSTOX, 1008H Mkt.. r. 4. op. 5th.
ADVICE free; open eve.; moderate fee If buc-
_ces8ful. EDW. R. SHIRRAN. 927 Market st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket St.; consultation free; no fees in advance.
BOARDIJVG FOR CHILDREN.
MOTHER" S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 1607 California st
BOOKS 3TEW AND OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. TeL Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-7C6-708 Mission st.
.--» ' BCREAUTRraKS. ~~
ASK to eee Lundbeck's improved drawer
trunk; at ell dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— £500; LIVERY and bearding stable north
of Market St., clearing above $300 per month;
full value in eight; a rare opportunity. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st.
A — J6C0; LADY partner wanted; must be of
business ability; in establ. parlors for hair
treatment, etc.; business clears easily $300
per month; proprietress will teach Incoming
partner. R. G. WILKE. 26H Kearny st
A— tiX); ; GOOD-PAYIXG ealoon, close to the
water front; rent $25; must be sold at once
as owner is compelled to return to Michigan.
Call R. G. WILKE, 264 Kearny st.
A— 1400; BRANCH bakery, delicacy store, with
4 furnished rooms; rent J20; very bast loca-
tion on Fillmore 6t., and good paving. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26^ Kearny st
A— 1600; CIGAR store; rent J20; very. best stand
on Kearny st. ; owner must leave for Fresno;
value in eisht. Call R. G. WILKE. 26»4
Kearny St.
A— $400; CORNER Ealoon on Mason st: rent
$25: good business; must be sold at once;
owner accepted Government position. Call
R. G. WILKE. 26»£ Kearny st.
A SAN FRANCISCO business company has
derided to enlarge Its plant beyond original
limits, and offers a limited amount of its
Eto;k to subscribers. We know this to be a
rare chance for investors, as the business is
eure to pay 20 to 30 per cent per annum. Ask
about it at once if you would make quick
money. THE AMERICAN GUARANTY &
TRUST CO., 310 Safe Deposit building.
CHOP house. 1125. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016
. Market Ft.
GltOCEP.y and bar, $CCO. McBRIDE & CO..
1016 Market st
I3C0-PARTNER wanted: light business: suited
to plain, steady man satisfied with $18 to $25
a week; no experience required; trial given.
Western Investment Co., 25 Geary st.
GEO. rCEV.TON. 759 Market st-Large list of
lodging-houses, restaurants, hotels, ranches
business chances: all kinds Tor sale or ex.
COUNTRY weekly newspaper for Eale cheap-
only $1CO required; a snap. Applv at once to
W. F. CORNELL & CO.. SIS Sacramento st,
San Francisco.
GROCERY and fruit store with bar; to close
estate: daily receipts $.'0. 32S Montgomery st
room 311; call before 9 Wednesday.
TO let— Fire butter and egg stall in Grand
Western Market. J. H. EGGERS. 1312 Polk.
54^0— SACRIFICE; rood downtown lunch house;
established years. Owner, boat 900, Call office.
CIGAR stand to rent. SE cor. Third and
lownseno. opp. railroad depot. C. SHEA.
CIGAR stand for sale cheap; must Bell on ac-
count of sickness. 1416 Market Bt.
SMALL amount of money to invest In stock in
a new steam laundry that will be running In
2 weeks; this is a gilt-edge chance for man or
woman; shareholders get choice of positions.
Business Board of Trade, S26 Pine st
$1500 CAPITAL to place new patent; will vield
good returns; investigate. Box 674, Call office.
$500 WILL yieia $250 per month; new device-
exclusive territory. Address box 672, Call.
CIGAR store for sale; centrally located In-
quire at 131 Montgomery ave.
FOP. sale-One of the best saloons in Valleio.
with 12 ne»iy furnished rooms; price $1C00
with stock. For particulars call at Valleio
. Express Of See. Sll Market st.. San Fran-
cisco, 1 to 3 o'clock p. m.
$350— SACRIFICED: pleasant, lucrative busl-
ness fcr refined lady or gentleman; 6trictly
legitimate; netting handsome income- party
obliged to go East. Address box 3417, Call.
J300 AND ?200— Fine opportunity to invest In
esta-blished blacksimth business; price in each
case covers stock, tools and good-wilL Ad-
dress box 283, Call otflce. 1
A— BL'SY cigar etand; centrally located; ele-
gant nxtures; nets $100 monthly; will be sold
$4".; acct. fl-'k. Hedges Bros., 410 Parrott bid.
JCOO— CHEAP restaurant and lodging-house; 145
tx»ds; established 4 years; monthly receipts
over £500. Call room 3, 1436 Market *t.
PARTNER wanted; wholesale business ship-
. ping dally to 10 States & B. C. Box 158. Call.
COAL yard ; fine wagons, etc : est. 16 yrs. ; also
horse, buggy and harness; cheap. £34 Kulton.
FOR sale— Restaurant Apply at 9 Drumm «t
TEAMSTERS— Steady work; good wage3. 203
Front st. —
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st - -
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader
sittings dally. 448% Jessie st., bet. 5th and 6th
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader;palmlstry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
M. WTLLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium
. sittings, 9 a. m. to 8 p. m., 50c. 326A Ellis;
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
BUNIONS, corns, Ingrown nails; painless cure,
DR. DUNCAN, 206 Kearny St., room 307.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet,
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76,
CHIROPODISTS.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
WANTED— Experienced hands on cloak and
suit alterations. Arply at HALE BROS.' be-
fore 11 a. m.
WANTED— Tailor. ROOS BROS.. 25-37 Kearny
street
50 OPERATORS on ladles' underwear in fac-
tory. I. MAGNIN & CO.. 656 Mission st,
fourth floor. Apply Tuesday morning.
GROCERY clerk wants position; city or coun-
try; references. Box 664, Call office.
RELIABLE man wants position as watchman;
best of -references. Address box 780, Call.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts, also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
ing. Standard Shirt Factory, cor. Gough anl
Grove Ets,
OPERATORS on overalls at Levl Strauss *
Co.' ¦ factory. S2H Fremont st. ; good wages;
no experience necessary. - Apply to MB.
DAVIS.
FINANCIAL.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at San
Elmo Hospital. 230 Douglass, st. San Fran.
HOSPITALS.
ONE black road team, one carriage team, one
fast road team. 721 Howard st.
PANTS finisher wanted. 253V4 Stevenson st.,
between Third and Fourth.
WANTED— Experienced salesladies. Apply at
HALE BROS.' between 8 and 11 a. m.
FOR sale— Pair of stylish dapple gray carrlasa
horses; French stock. Box 68, Call office.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL, 6C5 G. G. ave.
DRESSMAKER help; also apprentice wanted.
1207% Bush st ¦ • ¦
WANTED— Youni? girl to assist with light
housework. 1266 Ellis st' -
HAIRDRESSING, dyeing, bleaching, massage,
manicuring taught in 2 weeks for to; employ-
ment guaranteed. College, 143 Stockton, r. 15.
WANTED— Women for light work 00 fruit
1731 Folsom »t.
FOR sale— CouDe and buggy; cheap. Address
box 68, Call office.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth st.
CHEAP — New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, t
baker's. I shoe. 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc. cheap. EG AN & SON. 2117 Mission »t.
DISSECTING subjects wanted. S. F. Vet
Col.. 510 G. G. ave.. Dr. E. J. Creely. dean.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
TO let— Residence, 104 Guerrero st. near 13th;
10 rooms; sunny; high ground; garden; sani-
tary plumblns; 3 lines of cars; rent cheap
to permanent tenant.
TO Let— House of 6 rooms and bath; large base-
ment, stable, yard for chickens and garden;
rent $20; water free. 2257 Lombard st
HOUSES TO LET.
10-ROOM corner residence: fine order; top man-
tels: porcln. bath. 1363 Webster, cor. O*FarreU.
HOUSE to let— 7 rooms and bath. 1403 Steiner
st, near Ellis.
MME. HANSEN. card reader and palmist; tells
past, present, future, 25e. 14S Gth st, room 14.
WANTED-^Place in boarding-house as cook or
• housekeeper. Apply at 2 Sheppard place, off
Powell st -¦ -.,-• -• '¦ --.«•„.....;, .,•,,¦..;
FIRST-CLASS '- cook; understands '. housekeep-
ing; best ref erences. ¦ : 317 Jones St., phone Sut-
ter 1S93. • . " - . .• ,V'~.--... ¦ - .
WANTED— House - carpenters, shipwrights and
ship joiners. Apply to ; the RIsdon Iron
Works. : Potrero, ' San Francisco.'' ¦ '
WANTED— A. competent young man, stenogra-
- pher and typewriter: Ptote age,' orpeHence and
; salary expected. 'Addresrs box 7S9, Call office.
WANTED — Young man with little cash ; no
experience; $33 month; restaurant. 496 Fourth.
PRESSER wanted on custom coats. 40 Ellis
st., - rocm-54. •
OFFICE boy, $3 per week. ." Royal , House\ 12G
Ellis st. '
WANTED— Boys from 15 to 20 years of age to
learn to operate sewing machines; good pay;
¦ steady work: al3o experienced man to teach.
Apply at GREENEBAUM. WEIL & MICH-
ELS. 531 Mission st. « -V; '.-;.--
MARK TWAIN'S works as premiums with
: Harper's Weekly, ' Harper's Macazine. North
American 'Review, 'make, big money for good
solicitors. Harper & Brothers, 206 Kearny st.
MEDICAL.
MRS. DR. GOODWIN, the Eminent specialise
for diseases of women, has returned from Eu-
rope. Durins her sojourn she tisited the most
.celebrated hospitals and returns ready to In-
• troduce the most modern ajid scientific meth-
od*" In vogue. Her former phenomenal success
will surely be eclipsed on this occasion A
sanatorium for the reception uf patients has
been fully equipped and a staff of trained
nurses and surgeons retained. A'-cure In all
cases is fully guaranteed or i;o pay. Office,
906 Market st. opposite Fourtt. rooms 7, 8, 9.
MRS. D. WYETH. reliable ladles' specialist:
private home before and durirg confinement;.
removed from Post to 410 O'FarreU at. ¦**
SITUATION I wanted by experienced German
maid; flrst-class seamstress; light chamber
work;' wages $25 to $30; references. Box 697,
' Call office. \
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to as-
sist in housework. 316 « Linden ' ave., near
' Gough st • ¦•¦ ¦¦ •'./¦.-....
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant - card reader
German spoken. 25c up. 777HMarketst.,room 18,
FREE, ladles, morning, September; free test
readings, -future events and questions; abso-
lutely free. 724 Post; open 10 to 6. Franklin.
MISS ZEMDAR, young gifted clalr. and palm.;
' Fhe has second sight; a wonderful prophetess-
names given; L. COc, G. $L 1079 Mkt., cor. 7th.
PROF. JOHN J. HULTHEN. clairvoyant.
palmist and card reader; reveals past, present
and future; 50c. 10O7V4 Market st, near Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Tnrk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings dally, 10 a. m.
to 6 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
GERMAN woman ' wishes a situation to do
housework or to keep house; good cook; $3
a week. Please address for 3 days box 791,
Call- office. -' • - . • -• i > -
MIDDLE-AGED woman, fine cook, -wishes sit-
uation as housekeeper where there are no
.other ladies to interfere. • 726 Laguna St.- '.
COMPETENT girl wishes position at second
. work and waiting or chamberwork and sew-
¦ Ing; $25 to $30; city reference. Call 1635 Hyde.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 213 1 / 4 Sixth st.
WANTED— Stevedores,, seamen, firemen, coal-
passers, cooks and waiters; good wages; per-
fect protection afforded on Broadway wharf,
where employes are boarded and lodged on
steamer lying alongside; men working for
the company and giving satisfaction at this
time will be given preference in future. Ap-
ply to Pacific, Coast Steamship Company,
Broadway wharf, San Francisco.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk &t. ; readings by mall.
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT,
WOMAN wants general housework and cook-
Ing. Apply at 2222 Post st. ' .
YOUNG girt wishes employment from 10 to 45.
Call or address 419C- Natoma st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for general house-
work. 222 Fremont st. : • -,
WANTED — Experieneed dark-room -"man In
photograph department of the Emporium; one
competent to assist at operating. Apply to
superintendent.
WANTED— Steady, sober man with *75 for a
plain every day business; will pay $12 to $15
. per week; experiennf not required; place per-
manent Apply 78 Third st. room 2.
WANTED— Young man to look i after ¦ four
horses and grounds;^ will be given a good
home and a small- salary; "will have an op-
portunity to study or attend nlRht school.
Address B. H.. box 2320. Call office. Oakland
THOROUGHLY , experienced miner for super-
intendent of quartz mine now operating •
good salary and permanent position;, all ap-
plications confidential; give references and
former positions. Address box 413, Call office.
WANTED— 10,000 active agents immediately to
. take orders for "Life of William McKinley.".
Memorial edition; graphic record of his
. whole illustrious career: elaborately illustra-
ted: sells at sight; best terms to agents:
books on credit; samples, enabling you - to
make from $5 to $12 dally, by mail post paid;
FREE on nnpllcatlon. Address Globe Bible
Pub'g Co., 723 Chestnut st, Philadelphia, Pa.
SWEDISH girl of experience; good cook and
house worker; city reference. Call from 10 to
5 at 76H4 Howard st.
MASTER Barbers— Important meeting to-night,
102 O'Farrell st, 8:30 .o'clock. S. HELLER,
¦Secretary Master Barbers' Association.
WANTED— Able-bodied men able to handle
¦ grain, etc.; none others need apply; wages 50c
per hour, board, lodging and protection In-
cluded. Apply to AVM. THOMAS, 514 Bat-
tery st. . .
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket st.. corner Golden Gate ave.,' rooms 25 aii'I
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
JOLRNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. 927 Market rt.. room 207.
I. LESS, eecretary; telephone Jessie 1178.
EMPLOYMENT A\ ANTED — FEMALE.
YOUNG woman -wants -work by tHe day or
week, washing, ironing or housecleanlng. ¦ Ad-
dress 323 Langton et.\
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. .....:. ....Tel. Grant 185
. Waitress. Bakersfleld $25
Waitress, Marysville .....$20
Waitress, Orovllle $20
Waitress, Petaluma $25
10 waitresses, city $20-$25
¦ Laundress, country hotel $20
2 chambermaids' to wait, city. ............. .$20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Cooks, houseglrls, second girls, nursegirls can
secure positions by calling on -
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. :...". 104,' Geary st.
A— MRS. M. E DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
.:: HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Head waitress, city, $25; 2 waitresses, Salt
Lake' City; waitress,- country. $20; 8 wait-
: re6ses, city, $20: restaurant waitress, $30; 5
chambermaids to wait, • $20. r ¦ - * . : ,
FAMILY DEPARTMENT.......
House girl, $30; second girl, $20; cooks, house-
¦ girls, second girls, city and country, -¦• best
¦ wages. ¦ • .
' . MRS. ' M. ;E. DAY ,& CO.. .. 335 Geary
W ANTED— 5 parlor maids and waitresses. $25,
city and county; chambermaid and seam-
' stress. $25; parlor maid, $25, same place; 8
I second girls,; $20, $25: 2 laundresses and cham-
• bermaids, $23; 3 . laundresses. $25, , $30, private
families;-: nurse. 2 children, $25; woman to
assist cook, $25; club, girls for all .kinds of
work;: city and country. • Call early.- J. F.
CROSSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter. i . .
YOUNG lady stenographer and 'typewriter; one
who has had experience and understands llt-
,tle of bookkeeping, preferred. 415 Call bldg.
WANTED— Young 'girl to help 'take care of
baby; must :be strong and reliable. Apply to
day, 2206 Green , st. , from 2 p. m. to 4 • p. m.
YOUNG girl - to assist with light housework.
2758 Twenty-third St.. near Hampshire." v -
LIMITED .number ladies ' to learn- photographic
- negative retouching; positions when' qualified,
$12 to $15. per week; instruction ; and position
.secured. Apply Retouching School, 1065 Mar-
ket st, 10 a. m.- to'4 p.-, m.: ( . «
. .. -.-¦-.' ¦'•- \ - . - -> -_ r '¦•¦ ¦'.¦
MAN to - make shirts, bed linen and mend
clothes for boys institution, near city:-. $23.
board, room and laundry. W. D. EWER &
CO., 610 Clay st.
.lost and Foryp. . '
LOST— A passbook with The Elbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MARY J. PARSONS, No. 220.517.
The finder will please return to bank. '
LOST— Diamond monogram, letter B.; $10 re-
ward for return of same. I'. McGREGOR,
62S Montgomery st. - .
LOST— White bull terrier; yellow spot on side
of head., 928 Market at.; rewt.rd.
LOST— Badge: name, front; presentation date.
back; reward. Fannie D. Cutler, 798 Hayes.
LOST — Bunch of keys: finder please leave room
3. 202 Market st. . Reward.
LOST— Scotch terrier, name Taps. Return to
1010 Clement st. Richmond Dlst: reward.
LOST — A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Friineisco. In the
name of JAMES MORGAN RULOFSON; No.
202-431. The finder will please return to bank.
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Calif or-
nia Watch Case Co.. 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new 'yatch cases.
3IATTKESSKS A3»U PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 Powell st •
tel. Bush 421.
'millTxeryT^ ~~~ '
MCDOWELL'S fall opening of millinery Septl
25 and 26, houra 9-5. 1019 Market st.
MIXES AND MIXISG. ~
SHASTA GOLD AND COPPER CO . last
chance at 10c; will be 25c In few days; com-
pany owns 14 claims. 326 Post st. ; open eve's
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton et.— Cook, $60:
• third cook, . $45; . Bhort-order cook.- $30 and
- found; chop-house cook. a $35 and $45; waiter,
plain hotel, $30; young man to learn waiting
$25; porter, restaurant. $25; boy to help in a
I bakery, $20; dishwasher, country, $25. :
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 6188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help.' 426 Powell, nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office — Furnish most
reliable help. 624 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
SAM KEE & CO., employment office— Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621'.4 California st. ; tel. Red 401.
GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at" factory price;
warranted; kept in repair. 121 Grant ave.
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are In. trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed. ¦ '
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
THE FAMOUS
clairvoyants.
mme?~m7~bernard!
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission st., pays highest
¦ price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1334.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office —
Best help. 411^ O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, ' waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO., 421 Po3t St.; tel. Bush 135.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. S35 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: eittlnsrs dally: test to al! to-night. 10c.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
MRS. HARRISON, spiritual medium. See her
for a few days at 858 Mission st.
TEL. 'Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. L. STORRS, 130 Golden Gate ave.; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
Auctioneer— W. P. Beauchamp, 928 Howard st;
tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
A WEEK'S news for C cents— The Weekly Call,
16 page?. In wrapper, for malllnc $1 per year.
TO let— Furnished 7-room house on Presidio
Heights; marine view; $63. Box 167. CalL
office. •
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc 1 . ; day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th,
EARLE, independent slate writer: 328 Ellis; tel
Polk 1601; seance Tues. and Thurs., S p. m.
FURNITURE "WANTED.
CAL, Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st. & P.;
. founded 1863; new SO-page catalogue free.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
FINE large handsomely fur. house; 12 rooms,
finished basement; near park; .1153 Oak: suit,
able for boarding-house or san. ; reas. ; 2 to 5.
MRS. GILLINGHAM'S spiritual test meeting
this evening. 10c 305 Larkin; hours 1 to 5.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine st.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting: every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth St.. 2d floor.
FOUR-ROOM flat complete at a bargain. 521
, Franklin st. . -
PROF. L. MERKI, experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008 Mission.
3C0O yards carpet; leather library set, 5 pieces,
cost $125. D. GREENWALT, 708 Valencia st.
MRS. HARLAND'S to-night, also Wednesday:
• articles read, 10c; readings 50c, $1. 148 Sixth.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, 50c; piano for practice.- 39 Fifth St.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak Et.; circles Tuesday
and Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday ladies, 2:30
p. m., 10c; readings daily, 50c.
ACTING— Send to Grand Opera-house for clr-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
NEW furniture of -upper 5-room flat for sale;
flat for rent, $22 50. 1257 California St. v
4 ROOMS furnished In oak, $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FREE; proof, ladies, before beginning, develop
your mediumistic gifts; gruarant. full names;
90 days. 724 Post st. ; Franklin on door.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason st.
Chicago Business College, 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, $6 mo.
MRS. J. J. "WHITNEY, trance, bus, medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st; Ellis car.
$17 50— SOLID oak bedroom set; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Seary's Credit House, 1429 Mission, . nr.. 10th.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market St. •
A— Mrs. Dr. Famham, spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.. Wed,
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st.
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance Sunday, Tues-
day, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday. 8:15
p.m.; 25c. 299 Hyde.cor.Eddy; phone Hyde 2564
ENGINEERING-rClvil, elec, mining, mech. sur-
vey, assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ANDRE'S Office. 316 Stockton ¦ St.— Gardener
¦ and wife as cook, $50; gardener, country, $35-
German gardener for jobbing, $30; assistant
gardener, ?30; 2 butlers. $40 and $45; kitchen-
hand for private, family, $30; valet.- $30;
bellboy, *15; boy for house cleaning. $15: bed-
maker. $15 and found; porter, country hotel,
$20; elderly man to do chores, etc.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S.... ..104 Geary st.
Railroad work..: Railroad work
Free fare ;.: Free fare
„-.;. FOR UKIAH
100 teamsters $2
100 laborers $2
FOR TRUCKEE
50 masons' helpers and laborers $1 75 to $2
FOR NEVADA
100 teamsters and laborers $2
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
50 laborers, section work. $1 73
Free fare ....Ship dally Free fare
2 blacksmiths, country shop, $3 a day; 10
laborers, salt works, Nevada, $2 25 a day,
fare refunded, see party here; 10 laborers,
sawmill and woods." $2 a day; young man to
cut leather, city. $7 50 a week; milker, $30,
see party here; butter-maker, country $35
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ........'..
Head laundryman. country hotel $75
Kitchen steward, country hotel $63
' Meat and pastry cook, country hotel, $60;
second-cook, restaurant, city, $50; 6 second-
( cooks, broilers, fryers and short-order cooks.
$30 to $50: oysterman, restaurant; city, $40; 2
waiters, hotel, city, $30; 20. dishwashers,
kitchen hands and others, I city and country
$20 to $30; 2 bell boys, near city, $12 50 and
$15; 3 porters, country, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO..........;. 104 Geary st
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg. ; individual instruction; . catalogue.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues.. Fri., 8 p. m., 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names; received medals from many
countries; taken last world's, record medal
Paris Fair. 1054 Bush st. ; tel. 2275 Larkin.
SPIRITUALISM.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— For cash, good 15 to 25 room house;
central; well furnished. Address box 668. Call.
CALIFORNIA Medical College— Regular term
opens October 7. Full information write D
MACLEAN, M. D., dean, Donohoe bldg. S F
FOR SALE— 202 Second st.. 12 rooms furnished;
light and airy; a bargain.
A— THE LYCEUM, an Accredited preparatory
school fcr the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, phone Mint 191L
917 Market st, near Fifth.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. Is this advice worth fol-
lowing? Life scholarship $60; catalogue.
McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market st. opp. Fifth.
20-room house. $330; 6-room house, $125; 10-
room house. {150; 10-room house on Eddy st.,
$650; 11-room house. SS50; 20-room house, $1500;
21-rocm house. $1200; half cash, balance to
euli. the buyer.
. FLATS "TO LET. V
LOWER and . upper . fiats, 6 large rooms and
bath, 4 beautiful rooms In attic; elegant
grounds; keeping no expense to tenants; com-
pleted Sept. 25; large bay. window in every
. room ; N W. cor. Portola and Duboce . Park,
oft Waller, bet. Pierce and Steiner. V
COLE, 773-775, bet.BeuIah and Frederick sts.—
• Fine new sunny flats, 7 'rooms and bath;
¦ rent reasonable. . -
FLAT, 6 rooms; new plumbing; very sunny;
reasonable rental. 2108% Baker st or THE
PHELPS-LEWIS CO.. 702 Market; tel. Bush.
O'FARRELL, 1933— Modern flat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard; reasonable to good tenant.
SUNNY 8-room; 2 kitchens; corner bay win-
dow; middle; modern. Key 417^ Third st.
UPPER flat. 5 sunny, front rooms and bath;
rent. $18. .. SW. corner Geary and Wood sts.
LOWER flat to let of 3 rocms, bath, porch
and basement. Ill Cherry, nr. Sacramento.
MODERN 6-room flat to let. 2241 - Fifteenth
St.; rent $18. - "
NEW upper sunny modern flat of 5 rooms and
bath.* 975 Golden Gate ave.; no children.-
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER,- 12S-130^Haye3,nr.V.Ness—
Stylish effects; High-grade work;Lowest prices.
FCRKITVRE FOR SALE.
EDUCATIONAL.
AYRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, typ-
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship
spelling, Spanish, etc.; experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
COMPETENT young woman to assist in house-
work and care of baby; good home to -right
party. Call 2S27 Pine St., evenings. • ' -
EXPERIENCED operators on muslin under-
wear; also learners: paid while learning. G.
W. REYNOLDS, 597 Mission, corner Seccnd.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcac'.e Horse Market.
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
COMPETENT young woman to assist in house-
work and care of baby; good home to right
1 party. Call 2S27 Pine st. evenings.
SECOND-HAND surrey, phaeton and . Toomey
bike cart; cheap. O'BRIEN & SON Golden
Gate ave. and Polk st.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Dore st. S. F.
WINSTON & WOLF, 1026 Market St.
15 rooms; Geary St.; $600 cash; payments. $1150
22 rooms; elegant furniture; only 1700
32 rooms; must sell; make offer. — -
42 rooms: modern building: rent $125 ; 3200
60 rooms; corner: rent $75; only 2000
....MANY OTHERS TO SELECT FROM....
HORSES A.XD UAGO.VS
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO., :aas removed from
631 Mission st to 819 Folsom st. with an as-
sortment df eale horses; also livery and
boarding: new boarders solicited; brick stable
to let for 20 horses.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
¦have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. C.all
or address main office, 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
EXPERIENCED hands on ladies', silk and wool
waists; good pay: steady work. San Francisco
Mfg. Co.. 523 Market st. \ ...
WANTED — Middle-aged woman for general
housework; good wages; Ocean Beach, next
door to the shooting gallery; car fare paid.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY' S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital. 510 Golden Gate ave.
ATTENTION!— Buyers will find it to their ad-
vantage to call and examine list of FISHER
& CO., 935 Market st, phone Folsom 1592.
34 r $1400 22 r $800 ' 16 r $$00
10 r 1150 20 r 800 14 r 450
18 r 1000 13 r 600 12 r 400
15 r 700 8 r 350 10 r 400
8 r 550 6 r 225 . 7 r 225
OPERATORS wanted to take work home. L
MAGNIN & CO., 656 Mission St., fourth
floor. -Apply Tuesday morning.
COMPANIES promoted and financed; stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and Industrial propositions wanted; gold
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
"WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket— 700 rooms, 25c night: rejding rooms; free
'bus and baggatre to and from ferry.
INTELLIGENT, trustworthy woman, over
25. by \.holesale house: no bookkeeping or
stenography. Box 610, Call office.
WANTED— M0 men to buy new and 2d-han5
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20<: up. 923 Howard.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 pages. In wrapper for mailincr. SI nor year.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 220O Fillmore st
YOUNG man to do janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School. 714A Howard st.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market st. corner Sixth.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
WANTED — Young lady who is an ¦ experienced
pattern saleslady. Apply at HALE BROS.'
before 11 a. m. • ' - '•
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has beea established at 1098
• Valencia st. '
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullis r. 40 Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thorras Post, G. A. It.
DR. R. L. WALSH 815%Geary, nr. Larkin— Paln-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third St.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. O.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work, waiting at table; small family; has
good references. F.' HIRATA.- 465 Jessie st
Man to milk and care hogs $25
Butter-maker and milk ' $35
4 laborers for mine $2 a day
Baker, country shop $50
AT THE CAL. EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
59 Third St., nr. Call bldg.; phone Bush 405.
.... RAILROAD LABORERS
BANTA FE R. R FRESNO DIVISION
UKIAH UKIAH
FREE FARE
60 teamsters for Ukiah.... $2 to $2 25 per day
Milker, near city $30 per month
Sailors and deckhands for coast Mexico, Hon-
olulu, Australia and Japan 140 per month
• 4 carpenters, big electric company
$3 to $3 50 per day, 4 to 5 months' work.
YOUNG man, little experience, to cut leather:
Cabin boy $25 and found
' Bedmaker City
Fruit pickers. ..-......'.;.'. ship to-day
Men for a sawmill ship to-day
S. F. EMPLOYMENT OFFICE. 639 Clay st.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE. 26 Montgomery, r. 12.—
Chef, $100; head waiter, country, $75.. •
WANTED— Man and wife without children to
run' boarding-house for mine. Inquire at 2110%
Geary St., bet. 9 and 10 o'clock 1. m. dally.
COATMAKER; also tailors on ladies' garments
for country. Apply REISS BROS. & CO.. 24
' Sutter st. — • ¦• --¦ ¦- - -
WANTED— 1st . and 2d cooks; waiters; vege-
tablemen; dishwashers; also 'experienced res-
taurant steward; no fee. 127 Mason st.
2 GOOD painters, non-union; no office fees.
Mechanics' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny
st., room 24. - f
WANTED— Al pressman on custom coats. Ap-
ply at factory of S. N. WOOD & CO., 27
Geary st.
100 QUARRYMEN. Apply 232 Montgomery st.
GOOD coatmaker wanted. 123 Ellis st, up-
stairs.
SHOEMAKER wanted. 614 Laguna st. "
STRONG, intelligent boys, 18 to 20 years old, to '
learn machinist trade. 5C5 Mission st.
CANDY maker wanted. Apply A. HROMADA
CO.. 224 Battery st
WANTED — Basters on coats. Apply at factory
of S. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st
ELDERLY man around house, at 639 Clay st.
WANTED— Man to wash "dishes. Olympic Cafe.
44 Stockton 8t.
WANTED— Good plumber this morning early.
3271 Mission st. .
ERRAND boy wanted. Apply to DOXOHUE
& KERDELL. 134 Sutter st
2 PORTERS. $15, $20 'and found: butcher and
vegetable man, $35 and found. 321 Grant ave.
NIGHT, cashier, all-around man. 23 Stockton
street.-.
STRONG and sober dishwasher: must know
his business; wages $30. 119 Stockton St.
EXPERIENCED milk waion driver wanted.
140S^4 Devlsadero st.
BARBER every afternoon, Saturday, Sunday;
- wages $8. _ 1322 Stockton st.
WANTED— An elderly man to do chores around
a bakery. 1139 Folsom st. /"\
BARBER shop for sale cheap. 217 Fourth st
WANTED— Smart boy, about IS, to heljj around
paint shop. 79 Third st.
TAILOR wanted, fine custom coats; steady
work; high wages. 533 Natoma st.
DRIVER for bakery wagon; must have expe-
rience; good wages. Call 1205 Polk st.
WANTED — Flrst-class boy about butcher shop.
Apply at Wilson's Market. 3077 Sixteenth st.
WANTED— Flrst-class boy about butcher shop.
Apply WARREN, 2318 Fillmore it
WANTED — Flrst-class picture frame fitters.
13-17 Telegraph: ave.. Oakland.
WANTED— Oysterman. 113 Ellis at.
FOR- sale— Two-chair barber shop. 222 Gough
St.. near Fell.
11 ROOMS; rent $35; must be sold $400
12 rooms; choice location; rent only $40.. 450
7 rooms; nicely furn.; good- home. i. 375
10 rooms; good fur., carpets; Bush st.... 800
45 rooms; fine sunny corner; central.... 3700
100 r. ; fine location; good money maker.. 6000
12 rooms; newly renovated; fine; sunny.. 1200
17 rooms; rent $70; a money maker...... 1250
22 rooms; corner: good transient: clean.. 1500
19 rooms; something good; see it 2500
85 rooms; elegant; one of the best 8000
$jO0O— 37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
We furnish all the money you need.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market St.
BARBER shop for sale; good location; good
business. Box. 2315, Call office, Oakland.
YOU can save 40 per cent on dental work by
going to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
ALL sizes men's shoea, slightly damaged, half
price. 563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and 3d sta.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
WANTED— Boilermakers, out of city. Apply
74 Geary st, room 18, from !) a. m. to 8 p. m.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy St.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates. : ¦
BOY wanted; steady place to right party, in
blacksmith shop. Call 1221 Webster st
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings
60c; plates, $5; full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. '23 Ellis st.
WANTED— Driver for 4-horse team. Apply ED
FEIL. 250O Clay st.
Choreman for ranch $30
Middle-aged choreman, country hotel $15
Choreboy_ for family, country ...$15
Porter tor wholesale house $40
A— W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay st.
4 woodchoppers, fare advanced $1 75 a cord
2 farmers, near city; steady $30
Driver milk wagon $30
2 milkers, country : : $30
Stableman for ranch $30
A. CAMERON & CO.,
850 Market st., and 8 Stockton St.,
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have- cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
40 r. ;rent $120;eleg.fur. ;pays well ;reduced. $2850
27 r.; rent $140; oak fur.; Al location.... 22C0
20 r. ; rent $80; G. G. ave.; apartments.... 1100
Notice— 15 r.; rent $80; NE. cor.; 5 years'
lease; new house; elegant furn.: invesigate.
Money loaned on deferred payments, 1% p. cS
9 r.; modern flat; nicely fur 550
8 r.; rent $35; oak fur.; inc. $50 325
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
GET your shoea half-soled while -waiting; 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students; advice free; 'prices
cheapest and -guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK 20 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Work as millwright or foreman of
sawmill or wood working factory; over 2a
years' experience; sober and reliable. Ad-
dress box 355, Call office.
GARDENER, first-class, single, of long ex-
perience In landscape gardening, growing- of
flowers and greenhouse work, wishes a situ-
ation on a private place. Box 450, Call office.
MECHANICAL draughtsman and practical me-
chanic, fully understanding construction, is
open to engagement. Box 667, Call office.
SITUATION wanted in grocery, meat market
or . wholesale house by sober, industrious
young 'man of 25 with several years' experi-
ence. Box 607. Call office.
RESTAURANT cook, $60; restaurant second
cook, $60; short-order cook, $S week; cook,
small country hotel, $30; cook, private board-
ing-house, $40; chop-house cook. $10 week;
oysterman, $40; bedmaker, $8 week and room;
German attendant for invalid, $35 to $40; 2
waiters for restaurant, $11 week; porters,
dishwashers, vegetablemen and others. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 628 SacramentB St.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
¦ have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
' without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. D., Manager.
WANTED — Young man who is a first-class
dress goods salesman. Apply at HALE BROS.'
before 11 a. m.
MIDDLE-AGED Dane wishes situation in pri-
vate family; understands care of horses, cows
and garden; flrst-class recommendation. Boj:
679. Call office.
MAN familiar with the city wants to drive
and care for one or two horses. Box 899. Call.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
I have 4 salesmen; money to loan; long list.
9 rms.; rent $20; good furniture; N. Mkt.. $350
IS rm6. ; rent $60; good corner house 1000
40 rms.; fine hair mattresses; clears $95 mo 2600
20 rms.; rent $80; income $198; central — 1500
23 rms.; fine; respectable location; clears
$77 month; I will lend $700 on this house 1500
14 rms.; boarding-house; clears $65 month.
12 rms.; rent $60; income $110; nice; quiet.
30 rms.; corner; rent $60; a bargain; snap 450
100 rms.: $10,000; $9000 and. 7000
60 rms.; family- hotel; clears $375 month... 6500
54 rms.; rent $45; clears $S0 month 750
Office open 8 a. m. to 6 p. m.
A— DR. ~T. S. HIGGINS, 927 Market street
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
: artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate;/ painless extraction.
RELIABLE sober German gardener; under-
stands the care lawn, flowers, horses, buggies,
milking-; very useful and willing; good refer-
ences; city or country. Box 270, Call office.
DENTISTS.
BUTTERMAKER, $35 to $40 and found; 3 milk-
ers, $30 and found; farmers, $30 and found;
leather cutter, $7 50 week; 5 woodchoppers,
$1*75 cord; poultryman and wife. $50 and
found; 4 men and wives .for ranches and pri-
vate places, $40 and $50 and found; choremen;
20 teamsters, $2 25 to $4 day; winemaker for
Sonoma Co., and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
weeks; positions secured at $60 monthly:
special Inducements this month : write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay St.
SITUATION by young man taking care of
_ horses, cow, garden; good driver; handy with
tools. Box 677. Call office.
MODERN cottage of 7 rooms and bath. 2819
Bush st. ' - ¦
GERMAN boy wishes position; wages not under
$5; age 16 years. A. B. BUCHNER, 1221 Fif-
teenth ave., East Oakland.
JACKSON, 1572 — House of 4 sunny rooms; rear;
$12. - .. .- ,
NEARLY new modern cottage, 4 rooms, bath,
4020 Twenty-third at, bet Castro and Noe,
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co..
near Weaverville, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery st. room 25. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
YOUNG German with some experience desires
posltiqn in grocery or hotel. C: P.; 201 Mont-
gomery ave. . .: ¦ • ,
2 CAR Inspectors, $2 50 day; blacksmith for
sawmill, $70; 20 laborers for luraber company,
$2 day, fare advanced; 3 laborers for mine, $.2
day; singi--hand miners, $2 day and board; 5
bridge carpenters, $3 50 day; Jcbblng carpen-
ter, $3 50 day ; cooper, $35 and board ; 6 ma-
chinists for country; 5 woodchoppers, $1 75
. cord; hand laundryman, $35 and found; steam
laundryman, $35 and found, and many others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
YOUNG couple . would rent cozy furnished
•5-room cottage; piano exchange. for room and
board; pay difference; young couple preferred;
neighborhood Mission. Box 684, Call office.
GOOD butcher, strictly temperate, married
man, wants steady place in some country
town. Write W. F., 1251 Pacific st.
ATTENTION. BUYERS! ¦
COME TO US FOR BARGAINS.
HEADQUARTERS FOR ROOMING-HOUSES.
Any of the following on monthly payments:
24-room worklngman's house; cheap rent. $500
6-room flat; all rented 225
21 rooms; country; transient; clears $150.. 1400
12 rooms on Ellis; fine location; clears $75. 650
70-room apartment house " 4000
42 rooms; grand halls: fine income 2600
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
14 rooms; transient; clears $125 650
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments 1000
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
MONEY LOANED Phone John 531
A- H. RETSLOFF. 906 Mrkt., cor. Ellis, r. 12.
YOUNG man, aged 26, slightly, crippled, wishes
j position as bill clerk or office work; will work
for small wages -to begin with; experienced
cigar clerk. » Box 682, Call office.
WANTED— Recruits for the marina corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the agea of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches an<i not over 6 feet 1
inch; able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply at the Recruiting
office, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
A— SPECIAL: WOODCHOPPERS: Fare Paid
SEE BOSS HERE TO-DAY
25 men to cut 4-ft pine and oak wood for a
mine. $1 40 to $1 75 cord, tools and provisions
furnished, fare paid, see boss here 10 a. m.
to-day; 10 woodchoppers, mining company,
north, $1 50 cord...:
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
MAN (Hungarian) to nail and last; good job.
Inquire at 23 Second st, Dolliver Bros. 1>,
IRWIN. .
YOLNG married man wants position In coun-
try; care of stock, poultry; small wages; good
gardener; sober, industrious; best of refer-
ences. Box 683, Call office.
STENOGRAPHER and typewriter; one who
writes good hand and understands something
of bookkeeping. Apply room 415, Call Bldg.
A STEADY, reliable young man of temperate
habits, at present engaged, seeks position as
bookkeeper in. wholesale or retail grocery
store, or solicit trade for a good house; ex-
cellent penman. Box 790, Call office.
CHEFS— One French,- Italian and one American
cook, superior men, for either restaurants or
hotels, want situations. See J. F. CROSETT
& CO.. 628 Sacramento St.
EMPLOYMENT WASTED MALE.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ¦ l
CLASSIFIED advertisements and 'subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22O0 Flllmore St.
WINCHESTER House,' 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
PLAIN sewing, and mending done. 501 Leaven-
worth et. , room 8. second floor. 54 ,".*>¦ i
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission- 74.
CITY Steam Carpet-bocting Works. G. H,
STEVENS, Mgr., 38-40 8th st: tel. South 250,
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
333 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 128.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 40? Eutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop,
AMERICAN Carpet-beatinjr Works— Cleaning,
3c;renovated;relaid. 105 14th st: tel. CapD 2542.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN. you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama st.; tel. South 40.
28 ROOMS; fine, sunny corner; north of Market;
former price $3000; reduced to $2200. DECKER,
1020 Market fit.
ALL BARGAINS. CALL FOR LIST.
19 rooms on one floor.. $990
18 rooms on Post st 1400
8 rooms; fine yard 359
20-room bouse; clears $100 140C
33 rooms; worth $2800...".... 1600
10 rooms; very good .' w.... 400
12 rooms; corner 500
ANY HOUSE IN THE CITY SOLD ON
PAYMENTS.
10-room house; fine location 425
14-room bouse; good transient 600
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms: transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room fiat; fine corner 300
36 rooms; on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st 450
42 rooms; clears every month $300... 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall 425
IS rooms; fine corner; clears $80 600
9 rooms; good piano; must sell 425
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1500
18 rooms; on Sixth st. ; clears $80 800
24 rooms; on Market St.; clears $150 1600
18 rooms; corner; Just like home 1500
10 rooms: on Mason St.; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
FRENCH AND. GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
GOOD porter and bedmaker. sober and steady,
for country hotel in Nevada; wages $30 per
month and found. Address Box 4996. Call.
MECHANIC wanted for iron pipe work ami
connecting; steady job; mention ' experience
and wages expected. Address box 615. Call.
WANTED — Shoemaker to work in shoe store in
San Rafael; references required. Apply to It.
' MAGNES, 33 Second st, San Francisco.
WANTED — 200 ablebodied men, ex-soldiera and
marines preferred; bring discharge papers or
recommendations; wages $3 per day and
bonus. Apply 323 Montgomery st, room 10.
WANTED— Musicians, first and second class,
for the Puget Sound Navy Yard Band; E flat
clarinet: solo B flat clanrets; cornets, alto«;
trombones, barytone, tubs, and drums; men
who double in orchestra preferred: pay of mu-
sicians, first class, $32 and $3 ration; musi-
cians, second class, $30 and $9 ration. Apply
to recruiting officer U. 3. R. S. NIPSIC,
Navy Yard. Puget Sound. Bremerton. Wash.
GOOD dressmaker wouldjike.to go out by the
day, 'also take sewing home. Call at 300."
California St.; tel. Baker 749.
REFINED English lady desires position as
companion to lady or care of children; musi-
¦ cal, sewer,' reader alou'd and can speak Ger-
man. 1823 Devlsadero st. .
100 MEN wanted— Sailors, sitevedores. firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' -Association, 2!i9 Examiner
building. . Good board on vessel and trans-
portation night and morning provided.
MISCELLANEOUS ••¦•••••>•••••:
Ranch carpenter. $1 50 *"•— ¦::'^,"?-'2J n^
Carpenter, factor}-, south; well borer, wine
maker; cooper, slack work
Night watchman familiar with castings. $73.
references XUlXSuS " "t^-tV^"
SAWMILLS .WOOD S, ETC.
For a large sawmill company woods crew,
consisting of the following: Head donkej
men, $30 and found: 5 crosscut saw jers. 1M
and found; 5 men to work around uonKeyen-
gjne $65 and found
5 barke'rs.'ioO'and found: 25 laborers, no ex-
perience required, to work around sawmills
and yards!/. ........$35 to $55 and found
FARMS DAIRIES STABLES ETC.
35 farmers, orchard and vineyard hanas,
steady Jobs, $26 and $30; 4 ranch teamsters,
$30 and found; 9 milkers, different places, $oO;
dairyman, south, steady job. $35; 7 stablemen,
buggy washers and hostlers ••
LABORERS. DRILLERS, ETC........
15 laborers, no experience, to work in brush.
$37 60; 32 laborers, to work aiound different
gold, silver and other mines, no experience,
$75, $60 and $40 and found: teamster for a
mining company; 10 drillers and hammersmen
$60; 210 laborers, different places, city and
country, $1 75 to $4 day
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS .-
Assistant nurse for an institution.' $2j and
found; cook, small camp. $25 and found; sec-
ond baker, country shop, $14 week; cake
baker, country, $56; 2 waiters, first clas3
country hotel, $30; 7 cooks; 9 waiters; S
porters; waiter, plain place, $"5; cltrk, city.
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
A— MURRAY & READY......Ptone Main 6843
..^Leading Employment and L^f^f,^ 1 " 3 ; \}
OFFICE OPEN 7 A. M. TO-DAY. TUESDAY
...FREE FARE. ...FREE. ...FREE FARE...
........FREE FARE FREE FARE.......
50 teamsters. Ukiah Free fare
60 laborers. Ukiah • ; Free a f "*
60 men for steel, ballast and extra gangs
FREE FARE •••"•••••%•
SANTA FE CO.'S OWN WORK........
..STOCKTON.... MERCED ......FRESNO..
BAKERSFIELD AND OTHER WV»~
Carload of laborers, no experience required
FREE FARE SHIP TO-DAY
HELP WASTED— MAIE—Con^
HELP- WASTED— MALE- -Con .
BUSIXESS CHANCES — Continued.
HELP WASTBD— FEWALE— ¦ Con.
WANTED— Young cheerful companion for
. young lady invalid. Inquire immediately be-
. tween 10:30 and 12 o'clock, 624 Eddy st
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats. Apply
at factory of .B. N. WOOD & CO.. 27 Geary st.
WANTED— Girl for general housework.' 81S
Octavia st
WANTED— First-class talloress on coats. 208
Sutter st. • • . - - -
GIRL for cooking and general housework.
Apply at 411 Golden Gate ave. % .
WANTED— A girl to assist. with general house-
work ; no washing. , 710 Hyde st.
TWO girls to work in paper-box factory. J6
Fremont. ,
GERMAN - woman - as . housekeeper. ; Address,
box 788. Call Office.
GIRL to assist in general housework; small
1 family. 1510 Pine st.
WANTED— Strong girl for housework. Apply
after 9 a. m., 203 Valencia.
GIRL to read copy and learn typesetting. 630
Commercial st.
FIVE driving glove makers and apprentices.
Carson Glove Co., 35 Market st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework; small
family; wages $25; good -cook. 2518 Octavia.
GIRL for general housework and cooking. - 1833
¦ Ellis st.
GIRL to assist in housework and take care of
baby. 755 Eddy st. .-
YOUNG girl for light housework; small fam-
* lly. 1235 McAllister st
WANTED— Girl. to do general housework and
cooking. 1522 Golden Gate ave. . . -.
FTJR sewers and liners at J. N. LOFSTAD'8,
14 Kearny st.
GIRL for second work and waiting: reference.
Call Tuesday bet. 10 and 12 at 2109 Broadway.
GIRLS wanted to wrap chewing gum. Apply
at 27 Main st. . .
FIRST-CLASS finisher and Si apprentices on
pants; good pay; -steady work. 407 Turk st.
NEAT girl; housework; plain cooking; 4 adults;
• no washing; references. 1226 Page at.
GIRL for general housework. Call after 10
a. m. at 2235%. Howard st.
GIRL to help with children and assist 4522
Twentieth st, near Eureka. "
WANTED— A girl for general housework. 1612
Scott st. ' • . - ¦
A NEAT young girl to assist with housework.
Inquire 803 Howard st.
PANTS finishers; steady work. 858 'Howard st,
bet. Fourth and Fifth, over handball court.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on ladies' tailor-made
Jackets. M. ROTHSCHILD, 526 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl to assist with light housework and
care of children. 1925 Polk st. -
WANTED— A refined girl for second. work:
wages $25; reference required. Call 9 to 11
at 1724 Bush st .
FINISHER and apprentice on coats. 354 Geary
st; call after 9 a. m. . \ . -.
WANTED— A girl for housework; no cooking.
2817 California st . .
WANTED— 2 experienced waitresses; also girls
to learn waiting at table. 725 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna st., nr. Fourth.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader ; ladies 25c,
gents 50c. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. MALLORY, spiritual card reader; send
stamp for cir.; L., 26c; G., 50c. 917 Howard.
DRESSMAKER, stylish and perfect fitter, ( de-
. sires engagements in families or at home; la-
dles' tailoring a specialty. -711 Post st.'near
Jones. . ,' ".-.;'¦ .•.,-. '- i ¦ . ¦¦'¦"'
MRS. MELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th;German spoken;tel.Howard 1846.NATIONAL LEAGUE.
ST LOUIS, Sept. 23.— Pittinger's curves
were given a hard lacing by the locals to-day.
Attendance 1000. Score: -
St. Louis 3 £ 0
Boston a ¦ .j» i
Batterles-Sudhoff and " Haydon; Pittinser
and Moran. Umpire— Emslls.
PITTSBURG. Sept. 23.— Taylor kept tha hits
widely scattered until the tenth. wh<:n three
hits and a base on balls gave the victory to
Pittsburg. Attendance 22C0. Score:
K. H. E.
Pittaburg 5 8 3
New York 4 8 1
Batteries — Doheny and Ztmmer; Taylor an<i
Warner. Umplre-rO'Dayl
CINCINNATI, Sept. 23.— Brooklyn slaughter*
ed both pitchers to-day. Attendance »00.
SCOrC: " R. H. E.
Cincinnati 6 8 5
Brooklyn •'• 25 !« 3
Batteries— Sudhoff. Stimmel and Hurl«y:
Hughes and Farrell. Umpires— Xa.sh and
Crown.
CHICAGO. Sept. 23.— The Philadelphlas made
four of their eight hits and won in the first
inning. Attendance SCO. Score:
it. :a. e.
Chicago 1 3 S
Philadelphia .?r. 3 3 3
Batteries— Menefee and Kfhoe; Doni.hus asd
Jacklitsch. Umrire— Dwyei 1 .
BIOT IS THREATENED
AT BASEBALL GAME
Town Marshal of Martinez Draws
His Pistol Bafore Belligerents
Would Agree to Behave.
ANTIOCH. Sept. 23.— The undefeated
Maccabees baseball team went to Mar
tinez yesterday and won. from the Mar
tinez nine by a score of 13 to 7. As thera
is bad feeling between the men of the two
towns but little excuse was ne<:ded to
start a free for all fight. This threatened
to develop into a riot until ths Town
Marshal drew his pistol and said he
would shoot the Antloch men If they did
not desist. ¦""-•'
This tended to cool the fighting blood
of tho belligerents and the ball game was
finished, aiany of the participants are
nursing sore heads to-day.
Child Upsets Carbolic Acid.
STOCKTON. Sept. 23.— The tiro-year
old daughter of F. Kessler died ytsterday
morning from external burns produced by
carbolic acid, a bottle of which the child
accidentally spilled upon Itself.
Murderer Suesser's Trial.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 23.— The trial of George
Suesser. who two - years ago shot and
killed Sheriff Farley of Monterey Countv.
begun here to-day. At his first trial, held
in Monterey County, Suesser.was convict
ed, but the Supreme Court reversed the
decision and ordered a change of venue
Technicalities relating to the venire of
Jurym en occupied the entire forenoon, the
court finally continuing the case till to
morrow and ordering Sheriff Langford to
I summon a special. venire.
Firemen Killed at a Fire.
CHRIST1ANIA, Sept. 23.-A larg,e secJ
tion of Bergen was burned last night.
Two firemen .were killed.. The damage
amounts to several million kroner.
F L Sellick. Portland
W F MacGregor. WU
L F Breuner, Sac
C H Dayton, NY
R F Reid. N Y '
L K Salsbury. Mich
C Carrigan. USA
R Day & w, Ohio
C B Kaufman. S Ran
C P Fenner. N Orleans
V Gasquet. N Orleans
H T Gilbert, N Orleans
J F Woodruff. NY
A W Jacob, N Y
F W Wood. Ohio
H W Vermilion, L A
C C Reynolds. L A
J D Farrell. Seattle
J G Woodworth, Wash
T E Tack A w. N Y
C N Crewoser. Chicago
G E Goodman. Napa
T Flint Jr. San Juan
W H Barnes. Ventura
J E Balce, Iowa
R H Hood & w, N Y
W H Brevoort. N Y
J O McMullen, USA
F H Rindge & w, S
Monica
Von Bethman Holberg
Berlin
J J Dooley. N T
L B Turner, N T
H R Roberts. Keswlck
H M Hill & w. Parts
A M Chaffey, L A
R H Stevens. N Y
T R Lombard & w,
Los Angeles
Grace Graham. L A
J Toensfeldt, St. LouJs
T M Schumacher, Utah
D E Burley. Utah
P F Bond. Ohio
Dr . J W- Ma-.thews,
Caldwell. Texiis
J C McMillan & w.Nev
J A Blair Jr. N Y
F P Johnson. Boston
J F W Payne & w,
England
Ml*s Payne. England
J F Moore. N Y
PALACE HOTEL
F ZPirkey, Colusa
H F King & w. Denver
W H Sherrcd & w. NY
J O'Neill, Boston
Mrs W S Crays & d,
Iowa
J J Leonard, Denver
J Zahn. Offden
R Rundell. N Y
E A Well. NY
W G Scott & w, N Y
G S Beadle. Oakland
G N McRae, Alameda
F Trescow, Crockett
W C ColllnsA Sacto
J Sefton. Palo Alto
CM Wheeler. Eureka
Mrs I E Taylor, Cal
G Harris, Duluth
F H Gtlman & w. Minn
B B ?rries & w. Cal
J W Kearth. Colu«a
A H Hart. N Y
L G Brown. Nome
O M Rosendale, Or
H M Stevens, Wash
C T Robinson & w, Cal
G A Cfcabot, Texas
C M Barnes, Texas
J C Campbell. S Jose
A Zlegeler, Buffalo
C R Baxter, G Rapids
Mrs G Smith, Sacto "
B L Fletcher. Mo
E M Williams & w,
Vacaville
Mrs N W Williams,
Redding
M H McCall. Wash
F Carter, Marysville
C W Cahocn. N V '
E E Cahoon, N T
J W DeW.tt & w. Cal
J E Ranken. Gonzales
E B Rich & w. Pac Gr
Mrs S E Canady. Ogdn
J R Robinson & w, Cal
G W Kimble, Placerv
J W Moore, Stocktun
W H Nichols. Courtlnd
J Herzog, Courtlind
B C Mau, Aurora. Ill
G Lawrence. Aurora
Mrs M W Freeman,
Los Angeles
J M Pern*. Phila
J C Minton. Phlla
A Sylvester. S Rosa
K G Raap. Cal
W A Hunt. St Louis
W J Smith, Phlla
G Hammersley. N Y
DrHC Falkines, N T
R C Henry, St Louis
W Dinsmore. Marysv
F G McLean. Cal
Mrs F G McLean, Cal
GRAND HOTEL.
HOTEL ARRIVALS
Shaw. -*<2
Score second game — R. K. E.
Boston - » . J
Detroit a • *• a
Batteries— Wilson. Lewis and Schreek; Mil
ler and McAllister.
BOSTON. SeDt. 23.— Boston dropped two
games to Detroit by wretched work In the
field Attendance 4S10. Score:
First game— K- H. E.
Boston * J *
Detroit 5 11 4
Batteries— Young and Criger; Yeager and
First game — R- H. E.
Washington 3 H> 2
Cleveland 6 t: 0
Batteries — Lee and Clarke: Bracken and
Wood.
. Score second game— R. H. E.
Washington » «'["" •
Cleveland 4 11 X
Batteries— Mercer and Luskey; rowling.
Wood and Connor.
First game— R. H. E.
Baltimore 5 11; 3
Milwaukee 4 (. 0
Batteries— McGlnnlty and Robinson: Hustirvga
and Maloney.
Score second game- K. H. B.
Baltimore » |J , J
Milwaukee 4 (• 5
Batteries— Foreman. Xops and Breltnehan:
Reldy and Maloney.
WASHINGTON. Seat. 23.— Consecutive hlt
tlng in each game gave Cleveland both games.
In the second the visitors batted out five sin
gles which, with a hit by the pitcher and an
error gave them five runs and the Zaire. At
tendance 2700. Score:
Chicago 3 I: 3
Philadelphia 5 r. 1
Batteries— Griffith. and Sudsen; Plank and
Powers. . •
BALTIMORE. Sept. 23.— The home team tool*
two games to-day from Milwaukee. Amndancs
20CO. Score:
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
PHILADELPHIA. Seat. 23.— Griffith was «r
ratlc and the home team won by op;>ortun«
hitting In the fifth, and sixth. Attendance 2S0O.
Score: ->
R. H. E.
BPaOKLYNS SLAUGHTER
CINCINNATI'S PITCHEBS
Iffake Twenty-Six Base Hits, Threa
Errors and Twenty-Five Buas
in a Game. »
Mrs. Gesche Blohm (owner) with O. A. Crae
mer (contractor), architect All work for
n two-story and basement frame building- (two
flats) on Hermann street. 106:3 E from Fill
more, E 25 by N 120: total $4C0O.
H. Dederky (owner) with Jomes L. Wilson
(contractor), plans by owner— Carpenter work,
grading, brick work, plumbing and plastering
for a three-story frame flat building on lot
on W line of Lyon street. 130 S from McAl
lister. S 25 by W 106:3: total $5800.
Builders' Contracts.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Mar
garet Halk and John A. Smith, lot 13, plat 5,
of Templar section, frontlr.R on Grace avenue
and containing 19S square feet. Odd Fellows'
Cemetery; $285.
Same to Charles McCormack, lot in Odd Fel
lows' Cemetery: $64.
Rose Feherty to Julius S. Godeau, lot on E
line of Bright street, l.'.O S of Sargent (Central).
f? 25 by E loo. lot 21, block 34. City Land Asso
ciation: $10.
Estate of James G. Fair (by J. S. Angus, T.
G. Crothers and W. S. Ooodfellow. executors)
to Annie Manton (wife of James F.). lot en
B line of Elsie street. 140 S of Cortland avsnue.
S 25 by E 12S:9. lot 14. block 5. Fair's subdi
vision of Holly Park Tract: »10.
Bernard and Mary Ann Smith or Schmidt to
William Nlcol. lot on SW corner of St. Mary's
avenue and Marslly street. NW 81. SW VS. SE
64. N 127, lots 1 to 3, block 2, De Boom Tract;
Robert C. *nd Nellie C. Patten to Belle Du
fau, lot on w line of Fifteenth avenue. 31S:6
N of C street. N 23 by W «7:6; J10.
Mary J. Howe (formerly Ycung) to Edward
Carvlll. lot on W line of Fourteenth avenuit. 275
S of California street.- S » by W 127:«; $10.
Catherine Barling (formerly Carey) to Ilary
Guerena, lot on SE corner of Pacific and Mason
streets. E 103:2. S 62:6, W 27:8, S 10:6. W 75:6.
N 73 to beginning (quitclaim deed); $1.
Nancy F. Matthews (widow) to Annie Mat
thews, lot on S line. of Halght street. 137:'$ E
*f Laguna, E 6S:9 by S 137:6: gift.
Estate of Amelia V. R. Pixley (by J. F.
D. Curtis and' Union Trust Company, execu
tors) to Stephen A. Born, lot on S line of
Union fctreet. 143:9 W of Fillmore. T7 25 by S
137:6: $1130.
Benjamin M. and Laura E. Gunn to Pacific
States Telephone and Telegraph Company
(corporation), lot on W line of Stelner street,
80 N of Pine, N 32:6, W 103:U4. S 62:6, E 3:IH.
N 30. E 1C0; »10.
Calvin E. and Janet Knickerbocker to James
T. Donahue, lot on N line of Pacific avenue,
102:6 W of Broderick street, W 35 by N 127:8ft;
flO.
Henry Boyle to Benjamin Healey, lot on E
line of Cook street, 414:10 N of Point Lobos
avenue. N 25 by E 120: $10.
(Nellie. Michael. Kate, Theresa, William D.
A.. Fannie V. and Robert Vincent Burns.
Mary Kapp (Burns) and Emma McBrldge
(Burns) to Michael Burns, lot on S line of
Oak street. 81:3 E of Shrader. E 25 by S 100;
gift
Henry Deveney to John and Louise Dutmer,
lot on E line of Hampshire street, 213 3 of
Twentieth. S 25 by E 100; $10.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
San Francisco hop dealers were asked
about the situation as described by Mr.
Dovdal. It was admitted by somu that
the estimate o£ the crop of the Pacino
Coast was approximately correct, but the
crop of Great Britain was said to be
largely underestimated. E. R. Lilisnthal
said that Mr. Dovdal was correct In de
claring that the dealers were trying to
have the freight rate on hops reduced. He
had personally told the Southern Pacific
traffic officials that it- was necessary to
have the old rate of I 1 - cents restored to
encourage the hop-growers, and that un
less this were done there would be i. large
plowing up of hop acreage prior to 1902.
The hop-growers of Oregon are report
ed by Dovdal to be holding for better
prices, and dealers, realizing that, they
cannot procure hops in Oregon to fill their
orders, are trying to get them in this
State. In conclusion Dovdal says «.o the
hop-growers:
"Growers should not force their hops on
the market, but store them away until
they can get their prices. The buyer must
come to you sooner or later. The position
is in your hands if you only realize it."
Secretary Dovdal combats the Idea, that
there will be an abundance of hops. He
supplies estimates to show that ths Pa
cific Coast will harvest only 135,000 bale*
at the most, with a probability of only
130,000 bales, as asainst 151.000 bales last
year, and that New York State will grow
about the same as last year, say 53,000
bales. This makes for the United States
about 190,000 bales, to which must b«s add
ed 5000 bales imported from foreign coun
tries, making a total to the United '.States
of IKi.OOO bales. Estimating that exports
will amount to 30,000 bales only, as ajjainst
the ordinary exports of 60.000 to SO.OQO
baled, and also estimating that the annual
requirements of the brewers in the United
States 'are 200,000 bale3, Dovdal figures
that the supply will be 35,000 bales short
of the requirements.
"When requirements only have to txj met,
he says, hops usually average 12^ cents
to 15 cents. With a shortage of 35,000
bales, what prices should be expected?
England, as he estimates, has a fairly
good crop, but not enough for he:r de
mand, and he believes that the world will
not produce enough hops in 1901 to meet
the world's needs. <-
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 23.— "W. E. Dov
dal, secretary of the State Hop-sroweiV
Association, has Issued an appeal to
growers to hold their hops until they can
obtain higher prices. He says that a few
opening sales of hops have been made at
ridiculously low prices and that there are
several causes for this. \ One Is that the
freight rate is 2 cents, as against 1%
cents last year; others are that merchants
are holding- back, -while trying to have the
old rate restored that they may sa?e the
one-half cent per pound and that dealers
have been filling- their orders with hops
groTfn in New York State on account of
the high freight rate; ihat brewers sup
pose there will be a large surplus;, thia
year, and therefore believe hops mist so
lower. - - •
Special Dispatch to Ths Call.
Declares There Will Be Big
Shortage in This Year's
Output
Dovdal Advises Them to
Wait for Better
Prices.
URGES GROWERS
TO HOLD HOPS
THE SAN FRMCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 24,>1901.
13
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS—- Con.
AT cost— We have taken in exchange over 50
pianos in the past month, which have been
thoroughly repaired. Among these are the
following bargains which we offer at cost
•with repairs added, all uprights:
3 Steinway $133. $165, $285
7 Chickering from $122 to 235
1 Sommer 133
1 Jewett 215
1 Vose 160
1 Marshall & Wendel 165
1 Hallet & Davis, laree style 395
2 Heine, good order 490
1 Mason & Hamlin 385
6 Schaffer, new from $139 to 235
1 Behr Bros 285
1 Novella 37
1 Knabe 132
1 Steck, etc. etc , 9a
HEINE PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
A BONANZA FOR SNAP HUNTERS.
PIANOS. . •
1 cood upright. $35; 1 better. $S5.
2 good grands. $175, $195.
5 uprights, $135. $155. $lt>0. J190. $198.
Also Conover. Stetnway, Weber. Vose, Curtar,
Decker Bros.. Pease, Standard, little used.
ORGANS.
1 6-stop. $39; 1 7-stop. $44.
1 7-stop. $48; 1 flne like new, $64.
1 2-manual, $75; 1 16-stop, Liszt style. ¦
Mason & Hamlin, very flne. $150. : ¦—'- ¦¦¦'¦'¦
Easy payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON,
16 O'Farrell st. Chickerintt Aeency.
14.000 bq. feet; largest and oldest piano house.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAY &
CO. may be exchanged for, a new Steinway
upright or baby grad piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month: some good planes sold for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth st.. Oakland.
ANY piano sold by us taken lSack any time
wlthitt 3 years and full purchase once al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
pric; costs you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30
O'Farrell 6t.; established 1850.
PIANOS— Steck. Everett, Hardman, Packard,
LAidwtg and others; 20 different factories rep-
reaer-ted: wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
B. ALLEN CO.. 933 Market St. (opp. Mason);
branch store, 951 Broadway. Oakland.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos in storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 17C6 Market St.
$50— Emerson and 7 bargain uprights and baby
grand. Fay's Piano Factory, 1729 Mission.
WANTED— Sohmer square piano. BYRON
MAUZY. 20S-312 Post st.
STEINWAY. $200: Hartman, $100; elegant new
pianos, $150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make: a sacrifice. Hornung's, 216 McAllister. |
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk st.. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steinway bargains.
|7S AND upward— Fine uprights. PIERCE' S
' Picno Factory, Market. 14th and Church sts.
A~ SPECIAL for this week— $400 piano for $275.
BRUENN. 208 Post st. : '
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co., 560 Hayes.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
sizes: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO Lease— 3 sunny lofts or separate. 65x60 feet;
electric elevator service and water free. Ap-
ply COLLINS. 500 Mission st.
PACIFIC, 32S— Handsome large store; rent
cheap.
1'AINTERS AM* DCCOKATOKS.
ROOMS papered from $3 up; whitening done.
Hartmann Paint Co.. 319 3d; tel Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
MME. 2ELLA. celebrated palmist and~card
reader, from N. Y. 15 Powell st.. parlors 1-2.
PARTNERS WANTED.
PARTNER for carpet cleaning works. 2413
Santa Clara ave.. Alameda. N
rERSONALS.
IF Richard D. Harwood, who left for China on
vessel carrying horses for Eng. Gov.. or his
friends, will com. with undersigned regarding
his whereabouts, he will hear something of
importance. Henry C. Schaertzer. Atty. at
Law. c30 California st..~ San Francisco, Cal.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-
der. $15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments. $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket St., between Seventh and Eighth.
ONE BOTTLE of Plnu* will cure any case of
rheumatism, sciatica, neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars. Plnus Med.
Co.. 734 Valencia St.. S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: 700 rooms;
2f»c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, single, three-quarter
¦ or double. $1 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1S1O-131S Stockton St.. near Broadway.
A— If your hair Is falling or you are bald, call on
Dr.l.G. Moore. 332 O'Farrell; send for circular.
ELECTRICITY is life; all run down systems
rejuvenated. 15 Powell »t.. parlors 1 and 2.
Dlxon's Permanent Superfluous Hair Remover at
druggists', hairdressers'. Free trial. 935 Market.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles deFtroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter St.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
A' VIDA CO., 736 Valencia St., bet. ISth and 13th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color; $1; at all druggists.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
MlEflt Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Du pon t.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL; 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing, Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL-Offlce and residence.
1021V6 Market st., between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the human body: see
testimonials at offlce, 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WO. herb doctor; sanitarium.
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office.
DR. NG TOY KEE, 210 Stockton St.. opp.
Union square; all diseases cured by- herbs.
REAL ESTATE CITV — FOR SALS.
SEX, seven and eight room cottages;* also two
flat houses In block between 17th, 18th, Castro
and Noe sts.; >i cash, balance monthly pay-
ments; Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NEL-
SON. builder.
j WANTED— To purchase a property on Valen-
cia, Mission or Howard sts., from 60 to 100
feet frontage, as far as 24th St.; Improved or
unimproved. W. J. GUNN, 530 California st.
NEW house 7 rooms, facing Duboce Park; easy
terms; west frontage; sun all day; large yard;
basement; near cor. Waller and Stelner.
GEO. H. MOORE. 63 Portola St.
SPLENDID bargain— Large double house and
cottage; house 3S4-3S6 San Jose ave (corner
Twenty-sixth Et); cottage 360S Twenty-sixth;
desirable sunny corner. Address Box 2S0. Call.
WANTED — To purchase a property that is
bringing In an income to cost from $4500 to
$60oO: in Western Addition or Mission. W. J.
GUNN. 630 California st.
WELL-BUILT modern 7-room residence, with
bath: 2 blocks from park. Inquire 660 Mission.
REAL ESTATE COUSTHT— For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Yuba
City, Sutter County, short distance from
Marysville: all rich valley land under cultf*
ration; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be sold in whole or In
part at a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildings; well fenced;, short distance from
Yuba City, Sutter County: will be sold In
whole or In part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be s«c-en to be appreciated. If contemplating
purchasers will address box 49S0, Call office,
for information, a bargain will be given. ¦.
'. — FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on Rancho
Cotati. Sonoma Co.; future value assured as
San Francisco Is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co.. 302 California st., for pam-
phlets and Information.
$&00— 170-ACRE stock ranch; Lake County:
house; barn; orchard; abundance of wood and
water.
$2230— 400-acre* stock ranch: Lake County:
mostly fenced; house; barn; orchard; wooJ
and water In- abundance: about B0 acres of
alfalfa land. C. F. MOORE. 935 Market, r. 6.
FOR SALE or exchange for city or Oakland
property. 160 acres in Salinas Valley, with
houce. and outbuildings : also horses and farm-
ing Implements complete; 30 acres In full
.^bearing orchard. For full . particulars call
on owner. CS Ninth St., San Francisco.
- i ROOMS • AND : BOARD.
HOTEL Lambourne— Strictly, high class; most
elegantly -furnished; reasonable in r price;
suites and single rooms; board optional.. 420
Eddy at., near Leavenworth. : • , .. . ¦
THE Crocker, 913 'Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds .
THE NIARA. 615 Taylor st (formerly the
. Clairmpunt). has changed hands. -MRS. MAY
BOOKER has thoroughly, renovated and , re-
furnished the house; rooms single or en suite,
with or without board; home cooking; refs.
BOARDING— MRS. K. A. D'ARCY has taken
charge of the dining-room of The Niara, .'615
Taylor st., and it is under her personal super-
vision; family or transient; home cooking.
THE CECtLERUE, 330 Van Ness ave. : '•¦
California' S07— Stevenson mansion; select. fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table: attractive rooms.
FIFTH, 119, top flat— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms with board, ?5 per week. , - -.
HOTEL RepeHer, 781 Sutter— Newly fuf wished ;
1 excellent- 'table; special rates -to tourists.- ¦
O'FARRELL. 605 (Johnson House)— Sunny con-
servatory suite and others; excellent board.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
- ¦ received at Call branch offlce, 2200 Flllmore at.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St. . ,;.:. •
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
< Call, 16 pages, sent to any address in ths
United States or Canada one year for $1,
postage paid. • . ¦¦¦ * - •
ROOMS WANTED.
LADY not at home In the day time wants fur-
nished room; Mission preferred. £9 Lapidge it.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
$50 REWARD for the arreet and conviction of
the party or parties who destroyed the sinks
and stole the lead pipe from 521 Mission at.
JAMES TOMPKINSON, 57 Minna st. .
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collection!) made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10; tel. 5SS0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultatlon free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re- ¦
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. Ha 6th.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSES. .
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and MoVing~Co^
offlce Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 MIs-
sion st.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
' pany, 2320 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van & Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rates.
A WEEK'S iiews for 6 cents— The Weekly Call,
IS pages, in wrapper for mailing %\ per year.
TYPEWRITERS AND SCPPLIES.
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell -better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Typewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors; estimate free. 209 Sansome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER, HO Montg'y.
. PROPOSALS. ¦
PROPOSALS for Clothing and Equipage, Depot
Quartermaster's Office. S6 New Montgomery
8t..-San Francisco, Cal., September 9, 1301—
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived at this offlce until 10 o'clock a. m..
Wednesday. September 25, WUl. Pacific Stand-
ard Time, and then opened, for furnishing
Black Hats for Prisoners, Unbleached Drill-
ing. Unbleached Muslin, Unbleached Duck,
•Canton Flannel, Naphtaline, Hoop Iron, Seal-
Ing Wax, Petroleum Paper, Wrapping Paper,
S. B. Kersey. Proposals for less quantities
than advertised for wiil be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential. Bidders must -state
j In their proposals the rate and time of de-
livery should contract be awarded to them.
Preference will be given to articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture .the duty thereon), and such
preference will be given to articles of Ameri-
can production and manufacture produced on
the Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves tho right to ac-
¦ cept or reject any or all proposals or any part
thereof. Information ' and blanks for propo-
sals will be furnished on application. En-
velopes containing proposals will be Indorsed,
"Proposals No. S09S, C. and E.," and ad-
dressed to MAJOR -O6CAR F. LONG, Quar-
termaster, U. 8. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for Transport Service Clothing,
Depot Quartermaster's Offlce, 36 New Mont-
gomery st.. San Francisco. Cal.. September
9. 1901— Sealed proposals, In triplicate, will be
received at this offlce until 10 o'clock a. m.,
Wednesday. September 25. 1901, Pacific Stand-
ard Time, and then opened, for furnishing
D. B. . Cloth Caps, White Duck Caps, Cap
Ribbons. Dungaree Coats, Dungaree Trousers,
•Working Jumpers, Working Trousers, Whlto
Duck Jackets. Lanyards, Silk Neckerchiefs,
Black Overshlrts, White Duck Trouners. d.
B. Trousers. Proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential. Bidders must state in
their proposals the rate and time of delivery
should contract be awarded to them. Prefer-
ence will be given to articles of domestic pro-
duction and manufacture, conditions of price
and quality being equal (Including In the
price of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference -will
be given to articles of American production
and manufacture produced on the Pacific
Coast, to the extent of the consumption re-
quired by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
. be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be Indorsed. "Proposals
No. 8096. T. S. C" and addressed to MAJOR
OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U. S.
Army, Depot Quartermaster.
UNIVERSITY of California— Notice to Con-
tractots. Builders and Material Men— Notice
is hereby given to all concerned that sealed
proposals or bids are solicited for the heat-
ing and plumbing of a building, to wit: A
residence for the President of said University
at Berkeley, California, and for performing
tho labor and furnishing the materials nec-
essary therefor: and said bids or proposals
will be received at the offlce of the Regents
of the University cf California, In the Mark
Hopkins Institute of Art, corner of Mason
and California streets, San Francisco. Cali-
fornia, at or before 12 o'clock m. of the 30th
day of September, 1101. .• •
And notice is hereby further given that
the plans and. specifications of said building
and of said work to be performed and mate-
rials furnished thereon have been made and
¦„ adopted and are placed in the office of Al-
bert Pissls, Architect. 307 Sansome street,
San Francisco, where the same mty be seen
and examined during, each day from 9
o'clock a. m. until 4 o'clock p.m. from this
day until 12 m. en tho 30th day of Septem-
ber. 1901. . . .
No bids or proposals will be considered
unless the same are accompanied by a cer-
tified check cr a bond of said proposer In the
• sum of ten (10) per cent of his proposal, with
.sufficient sureties, conditioned • that- If said
bid or proposal shall be accepted the party
¦-proposing will duly enter into a proper con-
tract to faithfully perform the duty and ob-
ligations in accordance with said proposal
and plans and specifications, which shall be
and' are hereby required to be a part of such
contract. The right to reject any and all
bids Is hereby reserved. •
This notice is given pursuant to an act en-
J titled, "An Act to Amend an Act entitled,-
"An Act to create and Organize the Univer-
sity of California.' approved March 23, 1S6S,
and an. Act amendatory of Section 25 thereof,
approved March 28, !&"?. relating to the coti-
. atructlon of buildings," approved March 3,
1897. . , • . .
By Order of the Commltteo on Grounds
and . Building*.
W. A. McKOWEN. Acting Secretary.
Dated September ID. 1301. .
PROPOSALS— State prison supplies and power
' — Sealed 'proposals will be received at the of-
fice .of the, clerk at the State prison, San
Quentin. until 10:30 a. m., Saturday, the
fifth day of October, 1901, at which time anl
¦ place they will be opened In the presence
of blddtrs. for furnishing fuel coal, fuel oii.
' ' and electric power, or other power to run
the jute mill at San Quentin, from the let
day of January, 19C2, to the 30th Cay Of
June. 1902. Inclusive.. Each bidder must ac-
company.hls bid with a certified check In thu
- sum of one thousand dollars upon some well-
known and responsible banking-house pay-
" " able to R. M. Fitzgerald, president of the
board, conditioned that the bidder will enter
- Into a contract upon notice of acceptance, a*
reauired by law. -AH -payments made on con-
tracts will be- paid in cash or' Controller's
warrants. Bidders .will carefully follow th"
conditions of the schedules, and all bids mus:
be made upon the schedules, which will be
' furnished upon : application to the Clerk of
the Board, at San Quentin. Cal. The Board
reserves the right to reject any and all bldfc,
as the public . interest may require, and to
order any quantity under or over the amount
specified in the .schedule. <¦ - , - • ..
R. M. FITZGERALD, President.
J. M. OLIVER. Clerk.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
NOTICE 13 hereby given to- the District At-
torney of the City and County. of San Fran-
cisco that I, the undersigned. Intend to apply
to tho - honorable State Board of Prison Dl-
• rectors . for the privilege of bslng paroled,
nt a meeting. to be held by the said board at
San Quentin. California, on "the 12th day of
October, 1001. NICHOLAS JTENDES.
Shanahan Florist Co.
M ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS '
Prices Reasonable .\.
107 POWELL ST.NtA R ELLlS TSSf. 5056
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: . - .. :. -.«
»J Thomas J. Piekett, 49, S3» Jessie street, . and
Mary M. Maxwell, 43, . 559 Jessie ; street.
Arthur J. Caire, 21, Oakland, and Mary O.
Suich, IS, 1329 Ellis street.: ¦ --
Hugh Thomas, 34, 1021 Valencia street, and
Pauline C. Pacheco, 29, 675' Bush street.
T. Harvey Parry. 28. 1222 Bush street, and
Hattie A. Godair, • 34, 1222 Bush street.'
Frederick Swan. 28, S32 Shotwell streat, and
Florence M. Havaside, SO. 2640 Howard street
I Joseph' W. Silva, 21, Alameda, and Blanche
C. Leveque, 19, 23 Ash avenue. .^
Joseph J. Gray, 21, 40 Hoff avenue, and Mar-
garet E. Malloy, 21. 40 Hoff avenue. -¦ ¦¦-
¦ Jan de Wit, 26, 1139 Howard street, and Jose-
phine Cuthbertsoh, 36, 1139 Howard street.
Henry J. E. Vaupet.47. 3420A- Mission street,
and Arna G. Lind, 33, 3420A Mission street/
William Ede, 25, 460 Guerrero street, and
Katherine'D. Anderson, 24, 31 Guerrero street.
.Harold R. Williams, 28, S7 Chesley street,
and Margaret L. Hogan, 32. S7 Chesley street.
Harry P. Johnson. 34, 781 Mission street, and
-Kittle Connors, 30, 781 Mission street.
I:. BIRTHS— MARM&GES- BEAM
Birth, marriage and death notices «snt by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the aublication offices and b«
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. •
BORN.
DUNLAP— In this city, September 16, 1S01, to
; the wife of H. H. Dunlap, a son.
MARRIED.
[ CRUDKN— WH1TTING— In Alameda, Septem-
ber 21, 1001, by the 'Rev. S. Brush, at the
Fimt Presbyterian Church, A. Cruden and
-. Mary Whittinff. '
EHRENPFORT— OLSON— In this city. April
'20.. 1901, by the Rev. Dr. Merrill, Gustave E.
Ehrer.pfort and Nellie J. Olson.
MASON— MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. Septem-
ber 21, 1801, by the Rev. F. A. Doane, Arthur
F. Mason and Mary A. McLaughlin, both of
San Francisco. - - •<' ,
MALMAN— NELSON— In this city, September
21, 1901, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Ntcholaus
Malman and Betty Nelson.
SORENSEN— MADSEN-In this city, Septem-
ber 21, 1901, by the Rev. O. -Graensberg.
Soren Sorensen and Elsie Madsen. |
* DIED.
Bayless, Joseph A. Korts, Susie
Bishop, Janus Manley, Kate
Burns, Thoraae McMahon. Bessie M.
j Coffin, Winifred P. O'Neill. • Terence ¦
: Delapierre- Henry Philpott, Ellen
Dondero, Frances Powers, Edward
Dubs. Michael Sam Goon •
Esan, Jami-s Schaner, Laura
Feller, Otto Shinkwin Cornelius
Foge. MatlUas Spaulding, Mary B.
Foster, Charles O. Thomsen, F. H.
HInkle. William T. Twichell. Frank
Holmes, Samuel B. Valentine. Madeline
Jones. Ellssa Jane "Wiley, Capt. Isaac •
, Kingston, Mary A. -
BAYLESS— In this city, September 23. ~ 1901.
. Joseph A. Bayless, beloved son of W. H. and
the late Mary E. Bayless, and brother of
Sarah, Stella and Charles Bayless, a native
of New Orleans.
: K?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, at
the family residence, 2216^ Mission street, j
Interment private.
BISHOP-In the City and County Hospital.
. September 23, 1901, James Bishop, a native of
Ireland, aged 51 yeareT . - *
BURNS— In the City and County Hospital,
September 22, 1901. Thomas Burns, a native
of California, aged 35 years.
COFFIN— In this city, -September 23, 1901,
Winifred P. Rose, beloved and youngest
daughter of John W. and Winifred J. Cof-
fin, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
'7 'months and 17 days.
DELAPIERRE— In the City and County Hos-
pital, September 23. 1901. Henry Delapierre, a
nntiv-; of France, aged 63 years.
DONDERO— In th|s city, Frances Dondero,
dearly beloved wife of Frsnk Dondero. and
loving mother of Gertie, Albert and Harold
Dondero, a native of San Francisco, aged 24
years 10 months and 7 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 18 Russell street, off Hyde, be- !
tween Union and Green streets, thence to
. New Italian Cemetery. V
DUBS— In Mayfield, Cal., September 22, 1901,
Michael, beloved husband of Mrs. Lena Dubs
anl father of Felielte. Adolph and Emma
Pubs, aged 76 years 11 months and 22 days.
[E7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
?Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from his late
: mldence. thence to St. Aloyslus Catholic
'Church, Mayfield, Cal. Interment Holy Cress
Cemetery, Menlo Park, Oal.
EGAN— In this city, September 23. 1901, James,
beloved huaband of Mary Egan. and brother
of W. J. LY-an and Mrs. Mary Delay, a
native of New York City, aged 45 years. .
FELLER— In this city, September 23. 1901,
' Otto, dearly beloved and only eon of Samuel
and the late Augusta Feller, and brother of
Llzste and Ausrusta Feller, a native of San
' Francisco, aged 4 years 5 months and 19
days. ¦ ¦ . . -
FOGE— In this city. September 23, 1901.
Mathlea, dearly beloved husband of Mar-
gnrethe Fo.-re, beloved father of Mrs. C.
Daehuke. Mrs. D. von dsr Mehden, Mrs. B.
Bruse. Mra. H. Mohr. , John M., Jacob, WU-
helm. Freda. Amalie and the late Christian
Foge. of this city, and brother of Wllhelm
Foge and Rebecca Niebuhr, of Hanover, Ger-
many, a native of Germany, ajsd 62 years.
lUTFunera! and interment private. No flow-
ers.
FOSTER— In Berkeley. September 22. 1901.
Charles O. Foster, a native of Alameda, Cal.,
aged 2$ years.
HINKLE— In thU city, September 22. 1901.
William. T., dearly beloved son of Captain
C. K. and Johanna HInkle. and nephew of
Mrs. J. P. Hare, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 11 months and 20 days.
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the. funeral to-da>
(Tuesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parents'
renldence. 1535 Mission street. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOLMES— In tho City and County Hospital,
September 23, 1981, Samuel B. Holmes, a na-
, tive of New York, aged 56 years.
JONES— In this city,. September 23, 1901, Eliza
Jane Jonen, mother of Alice E. Wlnans of
San Jose, Mrs. Dr. Grimes of Pacific Grove,
Elizabeth and Anna Jones of Pacific Grove,
and grandmother of Mrs. F. W. Kimball and
Claude Winans of San Jose, a native of
Illinois.
KINGSTON— In this city, September 21, 1901,
Mary A., beloved wife of James J. King-
ston, and mother of Blanche. Leah, Walter,
Herbert and Wesley Kingston, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 3S years 11 months and
2 days.
(EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:15 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1243 Broadway, thence to For-
esters' Hall.- Alcazar buildinsr. 120 O'Farrell
street, where services will be held under the
auspicts of New Century Circle, F. of A., at
1 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery.
KORTS— In this city, September 22. 1901, Susie.
wife of Henry Korts, loving sister of Rose
Egan, Mrs. J. Adams and the late Mary T.
Euan and Sister Mary Edwin, a native of
San Francisco. A member of the Young
Ladles' Institute No. 1.
. (C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 2S75 Twenty-second street, thence
to St. Peter.'s Church, where a requiem high
mas3 will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul at 9 o'clock. - Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. . • •
OFFICERS and members of Young Ladles' In-
stitute No. 1— You are hereby notified to at-
; tend the funeral of our late sister. Mrs.
Susie Korts. to-morrow (Wednesday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence. 2675 Twenty-
second street. By order of the president.
MARGARET PEACOCK. Prast.
L. C. A. TERRY, Rec. Sec.
MANLEY— In this city. September 23. 1901.
Kate Manley. a native of Ireland, ased 85'
ET'Remains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co., 767 Mission street.' Notice of
' funeral hereafter.
McMAHON— In this city, September 22. 1901.
Bessie M.. beloved daughter of the late
Thomas F. and Mary McMahon. and sister
• of Thomas and Agnes McMahon and Mrs.
F L.' Kelly and the late Mollie McMahon. a
native of Hollister, ased 18 years 11 months
- and 2C days. ' .
(E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence; 1320 Florida street, between Twen-
ty-rmh and Twenvv-sixth streets thsnee to
St Peter's Church for services, commencing
at 10:30 o'clock. Interment Holy. Cross Ceme-
tery.
O'NEILL— In this city. September 22, 1901.
Terence, beloved husband cf the . late Mar-
garet O'Neill, and brother of John O'Neill, a
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
• ' (Successor to Klannagan & Gallagher.)
-v DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Msr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
to Fifth St.. 'opposite Lincoln School. .
Telephone. Hou tli SO.
• . . . • ' " : ' ¦;¦;'::-:
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
Ean Mateo County.
OFFICE BIG MARKET STREET.
' J. HENDERSON. Manager.
I Eugene McGinn. McGINN BROS.
• • Funeral Directors and Embalmers. •
31 EDDY STREET.
Telephone South 252. : . ' San Francisco.
No Con SSSt* o ".J tf * t h Any Other House.
- - v - ¦ .-- • . ¦ . ' ¦
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
I Famuel McKadden. 18 yearn manaKer for
I the United Undertakers'. Association: M.
I J.. MoBrearty, with the lame company for
i 10 jrars: P. F. . Green, late with J. C.
, -O'Connor '& Co.. have opened new Funeral
|' Parlors nt 1171 Mission utreet. between Sev-
enth and Eighth. Telephone South 41.
REAL ESTATE— COUXTRY-— For Sale-"
FOR bargains in timber' land. - fruit ranches,
suburban lots, farms, all through the State ;
al-*o large- list of desirable . city sites. , See
The' Phelps Lewis Co., 702 Market ; st. - 5 -
?2500— IMPROVED foothill farm, 204 acres ;' El
• Dorado County, _ near R. R. Box 222. Call.
CHOICE farm bargains; call or send for. list.
Woosterr'Whltton & Montgomery. 634 Market.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for.
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS,
ALAMEDA REAL- ESTATE.
BARGAINS: improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; li cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
$3250— REDUCED from $4500; must be sold at
once; If you are looking for a bargain sec
this house of 9 large rooms; 2 blocks to U. C.
grounds. W. C. MORAN & CO.
J500— WHEELER Tract lots; call and get one
' before they are all gone; will double in price
inside of 2 years. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$4500— REDUCED from $7500; : 20 acres of land
and a new 7-room house and barn; only 2
miles north of Berkeley; all fenced.
W. C. MORAN & CO.,
Lorln station and Schmidt block.
$28— NICE furnished cottage of 7 rooms, stable,
etc. NW. cor. Grove and Blake sts.. Berkeley.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$500 CASH, $8 50 monthly— 5-room cottage and
high basement; water in, house, barn, shed,
fine nursery adjoining; lot '62x340 feet; fine for
chicken run; half block to electrjc car line and
2 blocks from a wide boulevard and fine pub-
lic school; grand view; well sheltered and
level; fronting on main county road; adjoining
East Oakland; price all told, $1600. Call or
send for circular, 455 Seventh St., opposite
Broadway station, Oakland; carriage free. -H.
Z. JONES, Land Owner.
$2350— A very neat home in Peralta Heights;
cottage" of 6 rooms and bath and barn; lot
40x137:6; 2 years old; elegaot view of the
lake; eee photo at the offlce of .
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
." 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD, 1
1118 Broadway; telephone Main 10.
WILL pay a few hundred dollars cash for
equity in Oakland home. Call evenings at
805 Eleventh St., Oakland. - ¦
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE. !
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklin, Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
CALIFORNIA 1304— Three large sunny desira-
ble rooms; clean and convenient; reasonable.
ELLIS, 1164, near Gough— 3 or 4 unfurnished
rooms In a new flat: gas and bath.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
three-, $14; three, $20; also single, $4, $5 and up.
HOWARD, 728— Two housekeeping rooms; front
single room, and a double room; reasonable.
MCALLISTER, 538— Nicely furnished rooms,
complete for housekeeping, from $10 up.
MINNA, 172 — 2 large, sunny connecting rooms
for housekeeping; stove and sink; reasonable.
MISSION, 1161i,i— Two front rooms; kitchen;
housekeeping; gas stove; call forenoons,
Tues., Wed. and Thurs.
NATOMA. 701 — 2 sunny housekeeping rooms for
man and wife. • ..
OAK, 119—2 large parlors, furnished for house-
keeping. $17; large front room, single, $10.
POLK, 605 — Housekeeping: large, clean, sunny
front alcove; small kitchen; bath: gas stove.
POLK, 1CC2— I and S room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; c'.ieap; reference.
THE St. James, cor. Lacuna and McAllister
sts.— Large, well-furnished single room, $S;
handsomely furnished suite for light house-
keeping, $15; handsomely furnished corner
suite for light housekeeping, extra kitchen in-
cluded; select home for families.
TURK. 625— Solar flats, flne. new, Chicago
style; 3 and 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurnished and furnished; elec. hot water.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
-; received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore gt.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at .1096
Valencia st.
ROOMS TO LET— -Farn. and I'nfan.
AHLBORN ''HOTEL. ' Mforant ave.— Beat $1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
largo rooms, 50c up; meals. 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth-Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $125 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all ngiht.
AUGYLE. 234 McAllister— New. elegant, sunny;
grill attached: country visitors find no place
like the Argyle; take McAIlister-st. cars.
AT Shasta House. 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
•renovated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week.
A NICE sunny null*-; also single rooms; neat,
clean and cheap; bath; tel. 332 Stockton st.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason st.— 100 newly fur-
nished rooms. $150 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells;
first-class; quiet; central.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. lS64)-Fur~
nlshed rms.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDY, 210— Back parlor, newly furnished, suit-
able for 2, gentleman and wife. , .
EDDY. 486— Sunny furnished suite to let. /
EDDY, 826— Large newly furnished room with
kitchen. $15; also single rooms.,
ELLIS. 555 — Carpeted front room, unfurnished;
large closet: gas.
ELLIS, 616— Front sunny rooms, $10; 1 single
room. $6.
ELLIS. S23— Two sunny furnished rooms, to-
gether or single; bath, gas; private family.
FOLSOM. 776V4— Neatly furnished bay window
room: every convenience; reasonable.
GEARY. 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GOUGH, 437— Light furnished rooms,' sunny;
gas, bath, single or suites.
HARRIET. 54, near Howard — 4 rooms newly pa-
pered ; large yard ; rent $11.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
St., near Market— Central location; new build-
Ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
• week or month; best in the city preferences;
take Market-st. - cable cars to Turk St. .
LADY wishing nicely furnished sunny room
call at 1520 Pacific ave. ¦
LARKIN. 804 — Large sunny front nicely fur-
nished; gas; light housekeeping if desired; $10.
MARTINET, 1101 Geary, one door above. Van
Ness— Suites new fur.; single ipoms, $10 up.
MCALLISTER, 465 — Nice sunny room; gas,
bath; rent reasonable.
MCALLISTER. 1400. corner Pierce— Choice sun-
ny furnished rooms with board.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 930%, Laurel House— Rooms to let;
no transient. ' .
NEW ARLINGTON. 1015 Market St.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
OXFORD. 271 O'Farrell— Furnished front suites
and single rooms, $3 week up; transient.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
_lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week. $2 to
$8; month.- $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment ' House. 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SUTTER. 320& (The Stanford)— Suites from $3
to $7; singles $2 to $5 per week ; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce, 2200 FHlmore 6t.
A BRAXCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia St.. . - . . ¦ ¦ ¦- .
ROOMS AND BOARD WAXTED.
COUPLE with child 3 years desire board and
room; private family; north of Market. Box
652, Call offlce. - ¦>.' i j
WANTED— Suite of rooms with board In Ala-
meda: must be first-class. Address box C96,
Cal1 offlce - ¦ - ¦>. ¦ v • ¦'
WANTED— Board In Alameda by a "young mar-
ried couple , with 2 smell children. Box 60S,-
Call efllce.. ' _
WANTED— A good home for elderly. gentleman
In a Jewish family. Address 1318 Geary st.
_ a MCDICAL~- Continued.
£5 *? . cal1 * a!l consult the specialist My
meaiclne* have been used for many years by
<.»«»f a ? d^ ; the "fortunate helped; relief in all
vZrl?, a i t hc moEt obstinate cases have
ed by my medical treatment; free
confidential advice -on all subjects of a dell-
r«-»i? tur 1 : sU1 cJasses °t female complaints
« - 5£ d: rellef t( > the longest casee. DR. G
w . O DON-.VELL. 1018 Market gt.. opp. Fifth.
T ifi^ ri|rlI L al MRS - DAVI ES. who has been in
ijuslness here for 25 years, is still located at
hm^rfn t: maternltv home provided: office
hours 10 a. a. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 8:30 p. m.
"£»;• D - ALLE *. "IS Market-Reliable la-
<»es specialist: a priv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fees.
"i^^OOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity ho*»e; home
in confine/Mem 1126 Market St.. S. F.
M £HL D - X OHL - ladles ' specialist, confinement.
- rcmovrd from Market et. to «1O O'Farrell st.
Miscellaneous — for sale.
'^M i n^t E i J » 2 , d - hand machinery. ~mT
IN TOSH & WOLPMATC. 135-197 Fremont et.
BABS. back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
£*r tables, barrom chairs, linoleum, pew and
second-hand : we always have a large stock of
•saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
?» »/*2° r> re&dy TOa(le : w « can ship overy thing
in 24 hours. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019, 102l> 1023
anselon st. above Sixth; write for catalogue.
1 ! P* 13 " 10 ™ 'upstairs), 23 Stockton, rents
iMll dress. Tuxedo. Prince Albert or mourn-
ers black suits for $2 50; misfit taUor-made
. suits and Raglans for sale and to rent; a big
etock of travelers samples In trunks, valises
and full dress reasonable.
5- RETURN tubular boiler, complete.
• ge£: «> «• P. return tubular boiler, complete,
KaO: 30 h. p. boiler and 25 h. p. engine, com-
rlete. ready to run. $250; 100-light Edison
c'V?- 1 ?,, 0 with instruments, perfect. fl23. H.
S. WHITE, S16 Mission st.
A— CLEARANCE sale and removal to 17 and
is Fremont st. of billiard and pool tables and
sporting goods. St. Germain Billiard Co.. 409
Market et.
Qraphophones, Phonographs. Gramophones, $5 to
•i TV/ * acy tcrm6: children's toy graphophones,
si 60; 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary-
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO..
S-l« Stevenson st.. near First.
Sale— Sealskin, finest quality. J100; cost
5175 : used one week; or will trade for dia-
mond; size 3&. Box 659. Call offlce.
CASH register (Hallwood): brand new; J55;
reduction. Apply H. F. ALLEN, 202 Callfor-
FOR Sale— Sealskin, finest quality. $100; cost
5175; used one week; or will trade for dla-
. mond; size 38. Box 659, Call office.
Wl RAMBLERS. Eagles, light Stearns. Snell
and others; 2d-hand bicycles; cheap; send
for list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
*>nee boilers, water pipes, ehafting, pulleys,
»*c. WHITELAW, 2S3-255 Spear st.
or "d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold. exch. ; 1 4-H.P. Covey;
1 SH-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. S10 Kearny.
FOR sale— Mocking birds, golden orioles, cardi-
nals red: just arrived from Mexico; fine sing-
ert. 114^ Turk St.. in rear.
FINE suits. J10: dress pants. $2 7i. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 4S7 Montgomery st.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 75. Pop-
•ular Price Hatters. 530 Kearny st.. near Pine.
AX f«9 hlyh grade phot grin and Winchester
rifle for £5; going abroad. Box 7S7. Call.
ONE friction hoist drum, brand new; cheap.
H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post st.
FOR sale— Hcrse & phaeton for family or doc-
tor. Call morning at drug store. 1044 Valencia.
GASOLECE engines, all sizes, new & Id-hanl
and launches. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st.
£AFES— New and second-hand. ThU HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
PHOTO bargain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 1C3 Montgomery st.
BAR outfits, showcases; all lengths and sites.
JACOB SCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry: cash or install-
ments. Th»o. Fcrshtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machir.«rv
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale; Jeweler's steel
hned safe, perfect order. 216 California st.
MISCELLANEOUS WAXTS.
ALL unused stamped bank checks bought; also
documentary stamps. R. Garvey. 100S Call bid.
, WAXTED— Granhophone horn: state lenrth
' and price. Box 6S1. Call office.
WANTED— To purchase large fire and burglar
proof eafe Box 659. Call office.
TILTON w«U pood second-hand clothing and
theatrical gr>ods. 154 Pth st.: tel. Folsom 2D22. :
MOXEY TO LOA.V.
AA-MANHATTAN LOAN COMPANy!
S300.<(00 at «> per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, tov.-n and country property: second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests in
real ettate and legacies. \\> will purchase
any ol above securities. Tel. Red 5054. MAN-
HATTAX LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages..
I'rdivided interest in real estate In probate..
Mcitgages and legacies bought; no delay
Get my terms bt-fore doing business elsewhere.
n. McCOLGAN
24. Montgomery St.. room 2
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bulldtng-
$».<X«>.000 at 6% or less in <arge sums; loans
on second morttra*es. estates, etc.; financial
prcblems of all sori« and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
Eee HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 p*r cent; first,
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, undivided Interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
interests, corporation loans. R. 16, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
AXV proposition: any amount: 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided interests: chat-
tel mortgage, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams building, 206 Kearny st.. room 314.
RELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry.
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Interest.
8 Grant av«?.. near Market St.; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, S46 Market
St.; tel. Main If-44, Branch 19 Third st.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
OX real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture' or pianos without removal; any amount 1
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note with-
out indorser or on ruortipaiBT?B at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL. 60» Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
Ual. Room 3. Conservatory bide. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest; easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market gt.. room 68.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. Hill, r. 4t. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON real estate— 6 oer cent r*r annum: no
brokerage. LICK. 116 McAllister gt.
3% on furniture and pianos; $15 up: no removal-
no commission; private. Room 81. 6 Eddy st.
IF you -want a home I will loan you money to
buy it. A. E. RUDELL. 222 Sansome el
THE TQUSLEY Company; loans and dis-
counts. 221 Parrott buildinr-
UNCLE HARRIS has retired from business.
ON salaries or wages: no Indorser required S
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building!
LOANS money on salary; no indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co., 309 Phelan bldg.
MDSICAL IXSTRUaiEXTS. ~
A SPECIAL feature of our traders selectlat
pianos for persons at a distance who are
not able to call; every mail brings us guch
orders and If you are in need of help in this
way do not wait, but send in an order at
once and we will guarantee to eutt you
Our celebrated Decker or Baumelster ' al-
\iiys give satisfaction. /
The ZENO MAUVA^fi Music Co.. 769 Mrkt.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co..
sole asent* for famous and oldest American
makes, includlr.c Hallet-Davls; exeat bar-
gain list. $50 up; Slelnway. J1K5 up; Fischer,
$100; Chickering. $1C5; 20 others. renU J2 up;
great Inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
ALL hishest grades sold by Heine Piano Co.,
pole aeenta for -famous and oldest American
makci. including Hallet-Davls; great bar-
gain list, $i0 up; Steinway, 1185 up; Fischer.
JlliO: Chickering. $165; 20 others; rents $2 up;
Kreat Inducements to agents. 217 Geary et
WE open a special sale of Hazelton and other
hi«fh grade pianos; also some first class sec-
ond hand uprights. THE J. DEWING CO..
room 12. Flood building.
GOOD ee<~ond-hand upritrht for sale cheap.
6CHMITZ. It McAllister st. -
LEFT en sale— Antlsell larce upright, |1TS;
Steinway. {165. 217 Geary Ft., room 36.
MAGNIFICENT high rrade upright piano; sac-
rifice; Ie8vln» city. .770 OTarrell et,
native' of County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 65
years 11 months and 21 days..- - " ;
E?"Th« funeral' will take place to-day
(Tuesday), ac 3 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy &-Co.. 1233 Market street, between
Eishth and Ninth, thence to St. John i
Church (Old St. Mary's College), where a low
requiem mass will be celebrated • for the re-
peseofhis soul, commencing at 10 o'cloca.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. •
PHILPOTT-In this city. September 22. 1901.
Ellen, beloved wife of the late Addison Phil-
. pott, and mother of Henry. Daniel and Mai-
tln Philpott and the late Mrs. J. T. Datley.
a native- of Ireland, aged 72 years. ¦ " ..
. IT-?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her Ute resi-
dence, 1904 McAllister street, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass
.wUl lie celebrated tor the repose of her sovX
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ; .
POWERS- In- this city. SeDtember 23, 1901. ».t
his late residence. 463 Bryant street. Edward,
beloved husband of the late Mary Powers,
and father of Edward and James Powers and
Mrsl J. \McKenna. Mrs. H. Bredhoff and
Mrs. C Hfowell. a native of County Water'
ford, Ireland, aged 6t years.
SAM— In the City and County Hospital, Sep-
tember 22, 1901, Sara Goon, a native of China,
ared 41 years, . ¦
SCHANER— In this city. September 21. 1901.
Laura, beloved daughter of Fred and Jen-
nette Schaner, and sister of I^ouis and Jan.
nette Schaner, a native of San Francisco,
aged 7 years and 9 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fuUy invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlor* of
Halsted & Co., 846 Mission street.
SHINKWIN— In Livingston. Mont.. September
i 17, 1901. Cornelius Shinkwin. beloved brother
of John and Charles Shinkwin, a native of
Macrooro. County Cork. Ireland.
ICTNotice of funeral hereafter.
SPAULDING-In this city. September 23. 1M1.
Mary Beatrice, beloved wife of H. C. Spauld-
insr, and daughter of H. B. and Frankie
I Marshall, a native of Missouri, aged 23 j es.rs
: 10 months and 13 days.
THOMSEN— In this city, September 22. 1901.
Frederick H., beloved husband of Doris
Thomsen. and father of H. A. Thomsen. Mrs.
F. Hanson and Mrs. H. Jessen, a native of
Germany, aged 79 years. '
. tyrSe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Valente, Marini & Co.. 1524 Stockton
street, thence to Red Men's Hall. 510 Bush
i street, where services will be held under the
' auspices of Germania Stamm No. S3. U. O.
! R. M. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TWICHELL— In Alameda, September 22. 1301,
Frank, beloved son of George H. Twichell.
and brother of George E. Twichell. a native
of Oregon, aged 37 years.
IC^ltemains at the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice tit
funeral hereafter.
VALENTINE— In this city, September 22, 1901,
Madeline Beatrice, beloved twin daughter of
John B. and Elizabeth Valentine, a native
of San Francisco, aged 10 months and 5 daya.
WILEY— In Alameda, September 22, 1901. Ctip-
' tain Isaac Wiley, beloved husband of Ma.ry
J. Wiley, and father of Mrs. Hattie Pendjr-
gast, a native of St. George,' Me., aged 77
years 8 months and 17 days. (Maine papers
please copy.)
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Mission Ma-
sonic Temple, 2668 Mission street, under th*
auspices of Mission Lodge No. 169, F. and A.
M. Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery. Re-
mains at the funeral parlor3 of Bunker &
I Lunt. 2666 Mission street.A sample of the feeling In the "big yel
low building" toward Hays is . very ap
parent Just at present. H«: is certainly a
dead issue. Judging from the actions of
other officials. When President Hays firs:
arrived in this city visitors to the. railroad
building were confronted with cabinet
bust portraits Of Hays in < very office and
corner of the building. This* photos havo
all disappeared and now photos of the
late C. P. Huntlngton. handsomely
framed, are placed in their stead. N- >
President Hays returned to thla city and
made new rules and chs.nges that ha
thought were of benefit tc the Southern
Pacific. Among the changes was the dis
missal of Colonel "Jack" Wright and the
appointment of J. M. Herbert as manager
in Fillmore's place. Wrlghi:, who was su
perintendent of the Sacranento division,
did not believe in giving up his position
without a good fight, and It Is said that
he kept the wires warm asking H. E.
Huntington to intercede -v/ith Harriman
on his behalf. The Huntir.gton Influence
was not strong enough to. save Wright,
but he was told that he would not loso
anything by "taking his medicine." an«i
it is now generally known that he will
soon hold a responsible position in the
"blgr yellow building."
Flllmore also fell back on H. E. Hunt
in Rton when he was removed. The liquor
men of this city worked tte wires trying
to get Harriman to revoke the order re
moving the saloons on tlie ferry-boats,
and they succeeded in getting an exten
sion, of time. All these wirs pullings wers
distasteful to President Hays. He packed
his things, went to New Ycrk and wanted
to know if he was president or not. Ilar
riman's answer was not satisfactory to
Hays and the railroad president promptly
handed in his resignation.
Charles M. Hays was appointed to the
responsible position he now wishes to give
up by the Speyer interests. That the con
trol of the road passed into the hands of
Harrlman in a few weeks :.s well known.
The moment that Harriman took posses
sion President Hays was oie of the first
sent for to appear before Harriman and
give an account of his stewardship. Hs
made quite an impression with Harriman
and was told to "go way tack" and hold
his position. He was led to infer that his
word was law and that he would be sus
tained in all his orders.
The reason why President Charles M.
Hays of the Southern Pacific handed In
his resignation has at last leaked out and
forms the chief topic of conversation
among railroad men. It is now generally
known that Hays' resignation was har
ried by the Huntlngton cllq le of this city,
which could not tolerate hhi too rapid re
forms and lightning changes In the per
sonnel of the staff.
Trouble Made by Old
Officials Over Quick
Changes.
HAYS' REFORMS
ARE TOO RAPID
THE SAN FR!ftyCIS<3O CALlff iTUESD&t i ; SEPTEMBERt 1^ l?0lV-
14
Bishop Henry B. Whipple's Passing Regretted
4 by Thousands Here and in England.
Was Known as Apostle 'to, the Indians
P ROM IN E NT DELE GATE S
START FOR THE WEST
REPUBLICAN
CANDIDATES
ARE ACTIVE
Kirkpatrick Decides Ho
Will Not Enter the
Race.-
Cannot Neglect His Business
Affairs to Serve as
¦Mayor.
Stock of Auditor Wells Is Advancing:.
Politicians Speak. of a Slate.
Democratic Convention
L v "• . . Plans. •
Since Jast Saturday the politicians <rfio
ara parti cularly interested in the aft airs
of the Republican local convention rjave
been remarkably active. Common political
gossip is to the effect, that Auditor Asa
R. Wells is t 'rowing In favor as a candi
date for Maj'or. .Wells stock advanced
Immediately ov the report that Johi& C.
Kirkpatrick, Harbor Commissioner and
manager of the Palace Hotel, would not
permit his name, to 'go before the conven
tion. It is true t-i'iat Mr. Kirkpatrick has
made up his mind to give a negative an
ewer to his supporters who have, been ad
vising him to enter the race for the nom
ination. To-day he will speak frankly to
his supporters and submit his reasons for
the negative, answer*
Discussing the topic last evening- Mr.
Kirkpatrick frankly said:
"When the suggestion was first made to
xne that my candidacy would be accept
able to many delegates in the convention
and to other citizens and that my: nom
ination would reconcile many of the dif
ferences in the party I was extremely
gratified. At thai time I promised to con
sider the subject, remarking that my first
obligation was to the people with whom
I have long been associated and whose
business interests . I am bound by every
sense of loyalty to guard. I informed my
friends that I would give them a definite
reply by Tuesday of this week, and to
morrow I wUl state to them my reasons
ior declining to enter the race.
Duties of Office Require Time.
"I do not say It in a. spirit of boasting,
bat speak of it as an Incident, that many
Democrats have said to me that they
would gladly support me at the polls pro
vided 1 received the nomination of the
Republican convention. Expressions of
this kind are certainly gratifying in view
of the fact that I am not an old resident
of San Francisco and have not sought
political advancement.
'•Going over riie ground carefully I reach
the conclusion that the duties of the of
fice of i Mayor demand more time and
work than I could give without sacrificing
business affairs which I am charged to
protect. I have studied the subject suf
ficiently to ascertain that I would b©
obliged to- resign the position of Harbor
CommiEsioi.er if I were elected Mayor of
Ean Francfcsco. I was not an applicant
for the office of Harbor Commissioner.
The appointment came to me unsought,
yet I appreciate It and have in mind im
portant work In connection with harbor
management •which 1 expect to assist in
accomplishing, i
"I also take Into consideration the fact
that men who e^nploy me to look after
business affairs ot considerable magnitude
simply go zrxay from Uie city and
State, leaving questions, big and little, to
be passed upon or settled by me alone. I
have 'reached the conclusion therefore
that I could not if ejected Mayor give to
the office the time required for faithful
and efficient performance of the public
dttty.
"It is my custom to speak with direct
frankness in dealing with men, and I
shall say to my friends who have honored
me with assurances of political support
that I cannot, in view of my business em
ployments and in Justice to my, employers
&nd myself, accept additional public re
sponsibility. I shrill request that my
name be not presented to the convention
as a candidate for office."
Could Win Nomination.
It is the general impression among well
informed observers' of the local contest
that Mr. Kirkpatrick could win the Re
publican nomination and be elected May
or if he desired to enter the race. It is
not settled by any means that Auditor
Wells will carry off the first prize in the
convention, but his stock has gone up
several points since It transpired that.
Mr. Kirkpatrick would not enter the race.
Last night there was talk of this slate:
Mayor— Asa. R. Wells.
Auditor 1 — W. A. Deane.
County Clerk — V. F. JCcrthrup.
Public Administrator— John Farnham.
District Attorney— Arthur G. Flsk.
Treasurer— I. J. Truman.
City and County Attorney— E. TV. Belcher.
Recorder— Al Berthier.
Coroner— Dr. Leffler.
• Tax Collector— Ed Smith.
. Sheriff— John Lackmann.
Order of Business.
The committee on order of business
(H. G. W. Dinkelsplel chairman) will !
probably meet this evening in the law
offices of the chairman in the Claus
Spreckcls building, and arrange the order
of nominations. It is said that the order
of sequence as designated in the charter
will be followed. The charter names the
offices in this order:
Mayor, Auditor, Treasurer, Tax Collector,
Coroner, Recorder. City Attorney. District At
torney, Public Administrator, County Clerk
and Sheriff.
Platform Committee.
The committee on platform (General R.
H. Warfield chairman) held a long session
at the California Hotel last evening. The
action of the chairman of the convention.
Thomas P. Riordan. In appointing General
Warfield chairman of the committee, was
approved. Many resolutions were consid
ered at the session. The platform was
Will be the last days upon which Pan-Ameri
can Excursion tickets to Buffalo will be sold ¦
JS7 for the round trip. Full particulars at' 641
Market St., of nee of the Santa Fe.
October 3rd and 4th
'¦, Henrich Auguste Otto Koch, ; whose' wife
secured a. divorce from him May 10, 1SJ7.
tiled a complaint yesterday asking that
the judgment 'be declared void. ¦ He also
asks that the property. which was award
ed ! to Mrs. Koch be . returned to him.
Koch Wants His Property.
Action was commenced yesterday by
Jesse G. Millsap,. husband of the late
Jane F. Millsap, against William McKee
to have '. a certain deed" of conveyance
declared void. Millsap charges that at
the time the conveyance was made by
his wife she was not of sound and . dis
posing mind, and that the document. was
obtained while she was under; the Influ
ence of McKee. Millsap also states in
the complaiiit that he was left entirely
unprovided for. . ' '¦. ¦¦:.*. ¦¦'„
Suit for Property Commenced.
, The committee in charge of the Madera
Street Fair and Carnival, which ope'ns to
day and continues five days, announces
that the bullfight exhibition will posltlvely
take place, despite the reports to the con
trary. There will be three bullfights, one
taking place- to-day, another on Thursday
and the final one on Saturday. Captain
Ramlntos and his « three assistants have
arrived from Hermosillo, Mexico.
The Midway «lves promise of being es^
pecially attractive. The bronco, busting
and lassoing contest is to take place on
the 27th, while the • 23th will witness a
twenty-round . contest between Herrera
and Moffatt, Dreceded by an interesting
preliminary in the shape of a ten-round
fight between Kid McFadden and Tom
Herman. • - * . . ¦ •.
A Genuine Bull Fight.
At the prison the sailor said that he
was a. Swede,, 47 years old, a seafaring
man,- and that his name was Emil Johan
sen. He had been observed loitering about
the corridor of the Appraisers' building
in front of the Shipping Commissioner's
office for the pa^t three or four days. «
Secret Service Agent Hazen was sent for
and questioned the sailor, who appeared
to be stupidly drunk or daft. All that
the fellow would say was that he had
caught hold, of the crape and that the
whole decorations came down. Mr. Hazen
took him to the City Prison and preferred
a charge of malicious mischief against
him. • -•'. ¦¦-,:¦';¦ <- :
Thomas R. Hamilton, fireman in the
engine room of the Appraisers' building,
saw a sailor yesterday. afternoon tearing
down the black crape festooned above the
Jackson-street- entrance. Hamilton took
him into custody and downstairs to the
engine room to interrogate him, but the
sailor, exclaiming "To h— with McKin
ley," made a show of fighting, and Hamil
ton subdued him by knocking him down
with a chair.- • . . --
DRUNKEN: SAILOR - TEARS
DOWN MOURNING CRAPE
Sixth race— Five furlongs, 2-year-olds, handi
cap : :
26S1 Evea Q.... 95 2681 Parizade ..106
2691 Quadra 93 2686 Louwelsea 101
2691 Botany 90 2681 Torso Maid ... 35
2686 Hainault 112 •
Fifth' race— Handicap, five and a half fur
longs for 8-year-olds and up:
2690 First Shot 103 2678 Mountain Dew. 91
2679 Almoner 115 2683 Bagdad ...*.... 93
2379 Matt Hogan ..117 (2679)Etta H 120
2695 Duckoy • ..120 Darlene 100
2694 Mike Rice 113
Fourth race— Mile and a sixteenth, 4-year
olds and un, selling: J
2694 Ringmaster ... 38 2694 Llzzella lllO
2684 Lost Girl 102 2689 Alicia WO
2689 Toribio 103 2689 Kastaine .101
2675 Ulm 90 2694 McFarlane ....101
Third race— Five furlongs, 3-year-old maid
ens,/ selling:
1273 M. Simpson ...1091 .... El Rey T..109
2623 Puet Etre .....103 2679 Luca 119
.... Fatum 1091.
Second race— Six furlongs, '3-year-olde and up
selling:
2690 Luddla 106 2685 Pegalong ... > ..l0tS
2600 Billy Moore ...112 22C5 Nellie Forest. ..106
2690 The Gaffer .....106 2693 Corrlente 112
2678 Boardman 112 2677 Del Vista 112
2685 M. Hlldreth....lO6
Following are the entries for to-day's
events:
First race— 2:14 trot, heats three in five:
Dan W lOsita
Alta Vela • | Boydello
This evening Father Shahan will lecture
on the "Crusades" at Metropolitan Tem
ple, and General James F. Smith will pre
side and deliver a short address.
The distinguished divine held the inter
est of a large, audience for two hours, in
which he described the sweeping away of
the temples of paganism and the estab
lishment of the edifices of Christianity.
He detailed the. expansion of the email
places of Christian worship into the mag
nificent cathedrals of the Catholic church,
and explained the different kinds of archi
tecture in the past centuries. Father
Shahan minutely described ' the artistic
features of the Romanesque and Gothic
styles of building, and how the cathedrals
became the center of activity. • To indi
vidual help the cathedrals owed their ex
istence, the people adding to the generous
gifts of Kings and Emperors. • ¦
Father Shahan paid a tribute to the
workmen who erected the sacred edifices
and said that the erection of them stimu
lated all the arts.
"Building of the Cathedrals of Europe"
was the subject of the lecture delivered
last evening by the Rev. Father Shahan
at Metropolitan Temple under the aus
pices of the Catholic Truth Society.
To-Night He Will Speak on "Cru
sades," and General James F.
Smith Will Preside.
FATHER SHAHAN LECTURES
ON CATHEDRAL BUILDING
mittee of the city and county of San Francisco
hereby expresses its sincere sorrow for the un
timely death of the President, and extends its
sympathy to the bereaved widow. ¦
Bishop Whipple has been succeeded by
the Right Rev. Samuel Cook Edsall, who
has lately been translated from the Dio
cese of North Dakota to become Coadju
tor Bishop of Minnesota.
He has converted most of the Indians
and turned them from the warpath to the
avocations of peace. His, friends in Eng
land are numerous. In the Anglican
church he ¦was considered a most accom
plished and persuasive preacher.
Among his own people Bishop Whipple
was regarded with superlative venera
tion. An Intimate friend of Archbishop
Ireland, the two prelates were often
united In measures looking to the public
good.
In Minnesota the loss of Bishop Whip
ple will be felt among all classes of peo
ple, but in his own church, deprived of
his counsel and example, the passing- of
one so greatly loved and honored will
cast a deep gloom.
He was one of the original members
of the Peabody fund, and during the war
of the rebellion a member of the Sani
tary Commission. In K70 he was offered
the bishopric of the Sandwich Islands,
but declined. In 1S88 he preached the
opening sermon in Westminster Abbey
before the Pan-Anglican Synod. He has
built a handsome cathedral In Farlbault,
besides schools for both sexes. ' Hospitals
have been erected in several of the-lead
ing cities of the diocese, and in. conse
quence of his active labors there is
scarcely a hamlet that has no church
and rector of his denomination.
of the tribes, and in 1876 was a member
of the commission which concluded a
treaty with the Sioux and opened the
Black Hills to settlement. Among the
red men he was known as Straight
Tongue; the whites have known him as
"the apostle to the Indians."
MANY prominent delegates to the
Episcopal convention, which
will be held at Trinity Church
in this city next month, have
left the East and are now jour
neying westward. In this gathering of
prelates, ministers and laymen will be
those most high in the affairs of the
church, but the convention will seem in
complete without the familiar and stately
figure of the late Right Rev. Henry Ben
jamin Whipple, Bishop of Minnesota.
The death of Bishop Whipple is regret
ted by a wide circle of men in and out
of the church. A man of extraordinary
attainments and engaging manners, he
was consecrated Bishop when Min
nesota was regarded as an out
post of civilization. The cities of St.
Paul and Minneapolis existed only as
frontier villages and the fertile fields as
reservations of savage Indians.
Consecrated in. 1S59, before a mile of
railroad was built in that State, the
BlEhop has had a large share in its de
velopment. In the early days of his epis
copate his greatest efforts were expended
in the conversion of the Indians. In 2S62
the Sioux rose in insurrection against the
whites and the northern frontier of the
State was crimson In flame and blcod.
A war of extermination was waged
against the Sioux Indians by Government
troops. Bishop Whipple raised his pow
erful voice- in behalf of the savages and
journeyed to Washington to appeal to
President Lincoln on behalf of the sav
ages. His intercession was successful,
and largely through his efforts the meth
ods employed in dealing with the Indians
were changed for the better.
In 1865 Bishop Whipple was appointed
commissioner to report on the condition
practically agreed upon, but there will be
another session of the committee Thurs
day afternoon to revise the document and
see if Instructions touching amendments
have been properly carried out. The plat
form is brief. The statement was made
last evening by the chairman that the
strike agitation would not be mentioned
in the resolutions reported by the com
mittee.
Democratic Local Convention.
The Democratic convention for the
nomination of candidates for municipal
offices will be held September 30. 1901.
This was decided upon at the meeting of
the Democratic County Committee held
at Native Sons' Hall last night. The res
olution setting the date was presented by
T. W. Shanahan and was adopted with
out discussion. •
The selection of the hall in which the
nominations will be made was left to Sec
retary Thomas Hickey. Odd Fellows*
Hall will probably be chosen.
W. T. Hess presented the following res
olution denouncing the assassination of
William McKlnley and conveying the
sympathy of the members of the com
mittee to Mrs. McKinley:
Whereas, Through the dastardly act of a
cowardly assassin our beloved President, Wil
liam McKtnley, has been removed from this
earthly sphere;
Whereas, We fully appreciate his sterling
character and good qualities as a public officer;
Resolved, That the Democratic County Com-
LATE EPISCOPAL BISHOP OP MINNESOTA, WHOSE RECENT DEATH
. IS MOURNED BY THOUSANDS IN THIS COUNTRY AND ENGLAND,
AND THE DISTINGUISHED PRELATE WHO HAS SUCCEEDED HIM.
. . . , Summary. >
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling;
purse. $250. . '
C. McDonald's ch. g. Fine Shot. 4, 109, by
Balgowan-Dlgnity (Burllngame), 6 to 1 1
First Shot, b. g.. 4, 109, by Foul Shot-Grat
itude (Ruiz), 3 to 2 2
Cousin Carrie, ch. f., ¦ 3, 103. by Midlothian-
Sister Mary (Hoar). 4 to 1 3
Time, 1:11.
Luddla 103. Little Sister 109, The Gaffer 103,
Pldalla 109. Howard 109, Billy Moore 109 and
Talma 109 also ran. - - <
Second race, five furlongs, selling, two-year
olds: purse, $250.
G. W. Snider & Co.'s ch. f. Quadra, 115, by
Prestonpans-Mlss Belinda (Ransch), 6 to 5.. 1
Botany, br. g., 115, by Watercress- Pensa.
(Ruiz). 6 to 5 2
Arthur Ray, b. c, by Nomad-Violetta (Ash
by), 12 to 1... 3
Time, 1:05.
Jennie Hughes 105, Wandering Boy 105 and
Gypsy Boy 118 also ran.
Third race, six furlongs, selling; purse, $250.
Caesar Young'g ch..f. Eonlc, 101, by Eon-Mer
maid (Ransch). .1 to 3.. ; 1
Huachuca, b. c, 2. 91. by Emperor of Norfolk-
La Plata (Hoar), 2 to 1 2
Saul ofiTarsus, ch. g., 4, 111, by Watercress-.
JuditH (Ruiz), 6 to 1 3
Time, 1:17%.
Mike Strauss 105 also ran. . . ¦
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling;; purse,' $250.
D. Cameron's ch. s. Flamero, 122, by Flam
beau-Bonlar, (Ruiz), 3. to 5 l
Estado, b. c, 2, 100, by Emperor of Norfolk
(Hoar), 7 to 2 2
Corriente, ch. m., a, 109, by Knar Tuck (Gat
llff). 15 to 1 3
Time, l:16tf.
' Darlene 105, Dawson 100 and Cantlnus 105 also
ran. '
Fifth race, one mile, selling; purse, $250.
J. Coffey's ch. g. Galanthus, 99, by July-
Snowdrop (Ransch), 2 to 1 l
Lizzella, b. ml, a, 109, by Morello-Lizzle
Dunbar (Hoar), even" z
Mike Rice, b. »., a. 109, by J. H. Fenton-
Mrs. McAllister (Tullett), 6 to 1 3
Time. 1:45%.
Ringmaster 109, El Mido 109 and McFarlane
109 also ran.
Sixth race, five and a half furlongs, selling;
purse, |250. . •
W. H. McName'i ch. jr. Sugden, 6, 109, by
St. Leonards-Lucella (Tullett). 3 to 1 1
Clarando, b. m., 6, 109, by Clarendon-Voltando
(Hoar), 2 to 1 2
Nullah, b. m., 4, 109, by Alntree-Lady Au
gusta (Ruiz), 4 to 1... ;,. t , 3
Time. l:10H.
Duckoy 109 and Katie Walcott 109 also ran.
To-Day's Entries.
. The track at Oakland yesterday was in
no condition for. the harness . horses, and
the 2:14 trot was postponed until this aft
ernoon, t The usual crowd crossed the bay
and six running events were decided, first
choices In the' betting capturing three. J.
Ransch rode in excellent form, finishing
first on Quadra, Sonic and Galanthua.
At . the very commencement the sharp
shooters made a botch of target practice,
getting aboard First Shot at. 3 to 2 and
seeing Fine Shot win almost easily at 6 to
1. Burllngame had the mount on the lat
ter, and shaking off the mud at the start
was never caught. Ruiz on the favorite
did. beat. Cousin Carrie for the place.
As they looked pretty evenly matched
the books laid 6 to 5 and take your pick
in the betting on the five-furlong scram
ble for two-year-olds. . Quadra took to the
going like a hobo to the brakebeam, win
ning all the way. It was quite as easy for
Botany to . down Arthur Ray for place
honors.
Bookmaker Caesar Young's filly Eonlo
went to the post a 1 to 3 chance for the
third number, a six-furlong dash. Ransch
rated along in third position with her to
the stretch before making his move.
Then mowing Huachuca and Saul of Tar
sus down at leisure the favorite disposed
of the first named colt by less than a
length. McDermott on Mike Strauss made
sad work of It.
Owing to the condition of the track the
four-cornered race between Meehanus,
Rey Dare, Sir Hampton and Sir Dougal
was declared off, and a six-furlong affair
Eubstituted. Flamero fell into a very
cheap set, and at odds of 3 to 6 won as he
pleased. Estado took second place from
Corrlente. ,
Ransch astride Galanthus clearly outfln
ished Hoar on the even money favorite
Llzzella for the mile selling run. At the
start Ransch lost no time in getting to
the front and making better use of his
mount in the sail home got the decision
by a long head. Hoar, who rode Llzzella,
gave promise of being a very clever rider,
but his head outgrew all of his old head
coverings. This has interfered with his
progress. Mike Rice ran a fair third.
The winner was 2 to 1 in the betting.
Not many days ago Sugden was backed
off the boards by the shrewd ones and
ran away with his rider. Yesterday in the
speculating on the closing chapter he was
almost overlooked In tne scramble to get
the checks down on Duckoy. The latter
never looked a contender, and under Ike
Tullett's good handling Sugden got up in
time to beat Clarando a head on the
wire. Nullah ran third.
Sinart Ones Overlook Sug
den; and He Wins— The
¦;.;.' •'- ; Trot Postponed.
Pine Shot Finishes Ahead
of First Shot at
Oakland.
RANSCH PILOTS
THREE WINNERS
The thirty-fifth concert and hop of the
McKenzie Musical Society, which was
postponed on account of the death of the
President, will take place next Thursday
evening at Odd Fellows' Hall.
McKenzie Musical Society.
The three cases against Gallagher were
called in court yesterday and were con
tinued till to-morrow. He is accused of
breaking into three rooms at 12)6 Stockton
street and stealing a quantity of valuable
jewelry.
Robertson was seen yesterday mornins
talking to Edward Gallagher, alias Yar
row, In the dock in Judge CorJan's court
by Detectives Dinan and Wren. He was
asked to go outside and was promptly
placed under arrest. . He was locked up
in the "tanks" to await the arrival of an
officer from Seattle. The police think that
Robertson has been Gallagher's partner In
crime.
Captain Seymour received a dispatch
yesterday morning from Sheriff Ed Cudi
hee of Seattle, asking him to arrest Ar
thur Robertson, alias Robert!!, who was"
wanted there on a charge of felony em
bezzlement. The Sheriff added that Rob
ertson was a "dope fiend" and that his
people keep a millinery store In Oakland.
He had been peddling jewelry ostensibly
for Wurkshelm & Co. of this city.
Arthur Robertson, Alias Robert3,
Arrested While Talking to a
Burglar.
WANTED IN SEATTLE FOB
FELONY EMBEZZLEMENT
[Attorneys .Lande and Slack, who have
been investigating the 'method by which
George D. Collins, the attorney, obtained
an order for arrest from Superior 'Judge
Graham, completed the task yesterday
and made a report to Judge Graham ex
culpatlng Collins. • .
Collins Not to Blame.
The Supreme Court decided yesterday
that documents may be filed in public
offices at any time on days not forbidden
by law, regardless of the hours regularly
set apart for the transaction of official
business.
The subject was intrduced by a man
named Stark from Santa Clara County,
who was Involved In legal difficulties by
reason of failure to file certain papers on
a specified day. He arrived at the Coun
ty Clerk's office after closing time, and
after hunting up a deputy delivered the
documents to him. The deputy did not,
however, make the necessary entries until
the following morning, and J hence the
court held that the papers were not filed
on the day in question.
It was stated by the court in closing
that had the deputy followed the usual
course of procedure the transaction would
have been perfectly legitimate, as regular
hours do not necessarily constitute a legal
day in public offices.
Supreme Court Gives Interesting De
cision in Regard to Filing of
Legal Documents. /
PUBLIC OFFICE DAY IS
TWENTY-FOUR HOUHS LONG
Paul Weideman, a cigar clerk employed
by A. B. Broyer at 113 O'Farrell street,
dropped dead behind the counter of the
stand where he was employed last even
ing. He was 40 years, or age and resided
at the Branch House on Market street..
Dies Behind Coiuit«r.\
United States Marshal Slilne received %
telegram yesterday morning from Deputy
United States Marshal Burnham, Inform
ing him of the arrest of J. D. Johnson on
the charge of being an accomplice of, P.
C. Angelo In the larceny of brass and
other material from the Mare Island navy
yard. Johnson was released upon filing
bonds In $1000 with a Vallejo Justice of
the Peace.
Accused of Stealing.
¦••¦. JOE ROSENBEBG'S. | JOE BOSENBE6,Q'S. JOE ROSENBERG'S.
!t£2r*SEZ Georj|e Washington
jKTmSB \ was i KU ill itselt.
I Wi| <^'/ When y0U see an advertlsement of J °E ROSENBERG
I y° u can de P end at '* IS * acts - Our patrons have harned
I 1 from experience that when this store advertises they will
1 1 j( surely get the goods advertised. If goods are not satis fac-
I II ior Y money back.
L / in Our Muslin Underwear Depart- Cold Weather Is Fast Approach^-
ment That No Woman G ' !n Afford wiSJiV-wiSSt l Thif » «&
Iv^^i L A D j E s .to^pipre^ e a^ JJ£
R WSt^^B^S^'^^y^ SKIRTS, made of _ best ¥l new Bishop sleeve^.' plain f/»f/ftJ\\
M VByHI i min, jM¥l$ Lonsdale .cambric. 1>>-In cn /,.~1 back, full front, adjustable /LV/.fiAil
m *nm* hBt J&Krjm tucked flounce, nnlshed ,/JnSJI collar, and trimmed with'.uvuJjfAlv
Si with wide edge of fine cm- iyW^ fancy Kilt buttons; colors, VY**\l >j
H O * '• • broidery, buttonhole stltcn \1'-5K blue, black, green and red. V V
¦ W^ * • finish. Extra dust ruftie. JjL£&± Our special OSc
I Ladies ! aS^JK' SiWSiSi"^ More Cold Weather Apparel.
I Doyoukno* that your cors*,hou,d {ft ffl£ .^JKs^ uffiWL?$S$*&i ttSS
H be fitted to your figure, not figure fitted advertise 81. Uo fitted back, full front, collar and
H to corset ? t . •_ „ „ ... . ii_j. _...!•_ sleeves finished, the crocheted edKa
I so benefit by the advice of An Item From Our Knitted Underwear °f « n %?« m a a n n d V*™ "»%% ?^j
g OUR EXPERT CORSET FITTERS . . DeDaiilTient. SrVee Illo
R nnd get a qorset that is made for your UC|Jdl IHIClli. price ............................ ....... u Ue
ffl JlRure. , LADIES' VESTS, made of best Pe- Qur C «? Qffor ng and a 6l)0d 0ll8.
Q Wo have a full and complete assort- ruvian cotton, fleeced lined, high neck. w, u « ri ,,, , "" B ' u n a W ' JU V" 10 '
D ment of every make of corsctjadaptcd long sleeves. Colors, gray and ecru. You win also need a s\
H to every conceivable figure. A sample of Rosenberg's selling.. U»»c change of wrappers from vy
I For the stout figure we have' the ai^a.^^P^iffiSsfflS ! n f nff S? l ° 8 ° me * SSSk
I world renowned Majesty. . th #J S^^ made of '8^2
ra • It Is made of best, qual- LatlleS Of GeiHlenNM. very best flannelette, "pqftitt
B fVV- lty Ita l'an cloth, -boned There Is no excuse for full front, fitted back. ' VjwriV
* fiS? throughout with very beat a \ \ wx beine drenrhed with flounce bottom. waist ll* UM jI\
§ *(F > J tempered steel. which , N W2gs>v rain when Roaenben Is lined and trimmed wtth |L*1 K?
1 ! 1C makes , a durable .. and YjfaMp* Sflnlr umbrSla! at the fancy wash braid. Strips «T- ftfv^
$ "^4^ Htronp corset, unequaled MP)V. ?« owlns^SSce- or polka dot effect. Ro- (3**1 h1\ .
1 J/2S^J b y any ° ther for ? tout ii^p£nt.LA3 Umbrellas made of senberg's price is il-aSb»>»9 )
1 r^^^^ It comes In lon». UMBREp-JW o l o 5 1D [ e v l 1 I 1 aa <:1 ™ h> 9teel ways lowest 08c X3.&&
% M&an"? iU ? a a 1no 8 r a 0 «^ nSt ? n S ; ¦ ™^ Congo wood handle, nc. i-.*.;,,! flf d|i nn
b rl fl? guaranteed for g&\ good, strong and dura- *3C 11151830 01 il.UU.
t <. y . three months.; which \lf6fflr' ble.. Yours for the very If your size is 32 or 34 here's your
1 break. Wltldn e fi?.\ti»V:wfr.^«S n it\- p :^ small sum ot....4Oc chance f t a le ,^ Wrist mad.
i hitSVth^n^ 1 "!?^ JSSS 1 *. 0 ."^ An Examp e o Low Selling In Flan- Snd%tted\VStfSfrri«edWcX!
I Kff t^rSr^?.. < !!!!?.?..SS!S5 nelette Nightgowns! . tS^S^S^^SS^Bi
E For delicate women whs cannot stand LADIES' GOWNS, made JX ic« | n »4a9il «f ORo anrf QR*
p the pressure of a heavily boned corset of best quality flannel- » #, p« I3C UldlCdQ 1)1 ZJU dllu Oou.
K 1 We have the new "Criterion" Corset ette> st , rl P ed effect.. Yoke - '^ £C&. Bought from an &&*
I Waist which f I? wither a fcSrset: nor a an l collar trimmed with f&mm overstocked manu- K^t,
i inis'-bu a combing wU^sHk bu toShSe* $8* W. ' *
E It Is made of very best Italian cloth, Doube yote back LADIES^ hIvd \I* *F* •
Kj boned with soft, pliable boning, clasp J™v f r o n V D t r lmmed with Iff/firma KFRPHTVFS i f o r a i^-* *. f-
In ,,« kutfnn «...! nntnrtt Vinoa simnnrtnn HI1U 110111 IIIZI1II1CU Wllfl ¦/III I I'M li ill Xt ill Hi T B [OF «V. »•• f» \/' *• '
I L°r n U e e n th th C^^SfT^rv tffi wo" h "to nS^uld be put- {S2S* of Tth? finest j'
P nttif mnnVv P «i nX tln « tne matter mildly. Our price.l)8c lawn. embroidered ,
W little money.. ...$1.OO Sale at O'Farrell street entrance. and . hemstitched in H , A
K We challenge to equal these for doub e - n»j..«- iu. *uj.-*, the newest French C>— —^-»
* the price we ask. TO HBClUCB tlie ADOOIIien. designs, opened and
c hand-gored, lace trimmed; colors whlto. men flown, ana at ine~«ime hums re at1trh _ d hprn an^ hand-made Initials
I Your opportunity...... 81.00 will give you the much desired straight R are Bargain at OurUCe COUIlter.
ft NorWwoar Itom r The C pad is made of best fast black POINT r>E VENISE WEIIBING or
g ncbRWCai IICIII. Italian cloth, and the bands are very LACE AL.L.OVER. made of rtnest ma-
B LADIES' FANCY STOCKS, made in best elastic. Within the reach of all., terials.all newpatterns, 13 inches wide.
E, tombination of satin and polka dot vel- 50c Great value, small price 75c
P vet; none but the -very best materials
I us iyA%^^i E^A^cYST6m^if%r DneCNRCDP 816 MARKET street,
I iTtagWh*^^^ nUOLNlJLnU inning through to 11 O'Farrell.
1 tS^r^ted^S^.??^?!^^^ Mall Orders Solicited. PH ELAN BUILDING.
Dr. L. A. Alvey has removed to St. Ann's
Bldg., C Eddy St., 3d floor, rooms 45-16. •
P $3 * 50 department - We 1
Igi^^W TOTOg ria ' s . £' z es and widths), note the in- H
W^Sri l^^^l comparable effect of our latest exclu- |§
f0jffi& s ' Ve S^ r ' es an^ experience the pleasant Eg
pW ¥^5 t^^H sensation of wearing one of our finely m
i^i^SS V^^S built, perfectly fitting shoes, you will M
¦5 »^^» hereafter wear our shoes exclusively. M
fsj^j 5*2x1 abide by the result of your trial. ||
i ADVERTISEMENTS.
Made to Order W
There is a distinc- slK \m
tive quality in these 1 1 \M
I suits— a ¦ quality that | il !
stamps the wearer as II Vj
a tasty dresser; and ¦ Vj|| tj"
then /the tailoring is W |l
¦high class, while the \ L
fabric cannot be ex- (gf
celled. Call and i in- ,
spect of cloths.
¦:!?8-!3.2.Ei| r s;5t;.Sai)yranrisn: j
h^^^ NO MORE I
I'.'VVAN VROO/Vl'' ij
I PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS, 1 !
I IOOIMARKET, Cor. 6th. I !
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MANY PEOPLE COME
JUST TO LOOK
and are surprised j at the improve-
ments, in recent years, in style .
finish of vehicles, and the; reductions
in price. The first STUDEBAKER
vehicles came to California in 1853 —
they are still here.
stukebas;er
RROSfOMPANy
Market and Tenth Streets.
DR. G. ;B; SUSSDORFF, I
Late Superintendent Physician City '
.and County Hospital. " . .
MENTAL.* AND NERVOUS DISEASES. |
SPECIFIC TREATMENT \
' For LIQUOR and MORPHINE HABIT3. I
¦ V Twenty Tears' Experience. 1
Patients may. be treated at home or prt-
vate Eanltarlum. Office Glasgow Building, '
.105 Eiii» «t..- near.PowelL .Hours, 19 to 15 ( '
' a.m.. 2 to 4 p. m. :.
ni rr : nOWII Corner Fourth and
¦pftrr RnYft - ke^ai F Br i-
XihlL IIU I HLg»oSwf3
valises checked I res.