"There Is a species of political mischief
making which, while not punishable un
der the penal code, is none the less calcu
lated to cause apprehension."
The declaration was received with
stormy applause. The papers generally
Ignore It, and the Freissinige Zeitung ob
serves:
BERLIN, Oct. 28.— During an address
at a recent meeting of the Fleet Society
in Hanover, Captain von Wellheim of the
German navy is represented to have said:
'.'German interests In the five republics of
Central America, in view of American
competition, can ,only be maintained
when we have a fleet strong enough to
say to the Americans 'Hands off!* "
Captain von "Wellheim Makes a Sen
- sational Speech.
GERMA2T CRIES "HANDS OFF!"
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— A cable dispatch
announcing the election of President Cas
tro of Venezuela, who has been pro
visional President for one year, has been
received at the Venezuela consulate in
this city. The official proclamation will
be made to-morrow by the Congress of
that country.
other, continues one of expectancy. The
economic condition of the country is re
ported good, though awaiting the in
creased animation that will follow the
movement of the coffee crop.
Troops on the .Frontier of Rosario de Cucuta Number Fifteen Thousand
Colombians and Six .Thousand Venezuelans-Former Prosperous Inhab
itants of Caracas Are Reduced to Beggary and Seek Alms on Streets
VENEZUELAN NATIONAL EXPEDITION LANDS
AND BATTLES WITH GOVERNMENT FORCES
ON THE COAST OF THE STATE OF MATURIN
SAN JOSE, Oct 28.-"I am glad I
killed him. He deserved it. for h©
ruined the life of nay first love."
This was about all Harry L. El
liott, who sjhot and killed J. W.
Sherman In a house of ill-repute last
night, would say to-day, after the excite
ment of last night's tragedy had subsided
End left him in a frame of mind that
brought realization of the enormity of his
act. That Elliott was In love with Bessie
Bray before she married Sherman and
that she had played fast and loose with
his affections was the prime cause of the
raurder. He maintains an indifference
concerning his crime, except when the
flrl's name is " mentioned, and then he
bursts Into tears.
Elliott has engaged State Senator Oneal
as his attorney and will make a fight for
his life. He does not deny the killing,
but evidently will plead insanity and self
defense. To some he claimed he had act
ed in self-defense and that Sherman was
WIFE WHOM J. W. SHERMAN SUBJECTED TO A LIFE OF DEGRADA
TION AND THE MAN WHO, BECAUSE OF HIS LOVE FOR THE YOUNG .
WOMAN, ENDED THE HUSBAND'S CAREER* WITH A BULLET.
VENEZUELA'S PRESENT. CHIEF
AND THE FOE WHO WOXTLD
DISPLACE HIM.
LONDON, Oct 2S.-Slr Clements Mark
ham, president of the Royal Geographical
/Society, writes to the papers to-day ap
{) ealing for subscriptions to the amount
of another £1000 to cover the cost of the
Norwegian whaler Morgenen, \u25a0which has
been purchased as a relief, ship to the
Aid an English Antarctic Ex
ploring* Ship."-
1'ound Necessary to Send a Whaler to
APPEALS 'FOR FUNDS
FOB A KEIilEP BOAT
The Discovery, on the voyage to Cape
Town, showed very serious defects. Al
though proving herself an "excellent and
stiff sea boat, she leaked badly, turned
out to be a slow sailer and was found
wanting in adequate coal capacity.' These
shortcomings. Sir 'Clements^ Markham
points~t)ut. are, reasons. why a relief boat
for, the Antarctic expedition is an impera
tive necessity.-, , • \u25a0• . -. ')
As the Discovery was the. first ship built
In' Great Britain, for, polar -expeditions,
these revelations are disappointing. •
Antarctic exploring ship Discovery.
DRIVEN OUT OF OAKLAND.
J. W. Sherman, the man. who was shot
Mrs. Sherman said she married her hus
band a few months ago in Oakland. At
that time Sherman was working for Gun
zendorfer, at 209 Sansome street, San
The Inquest over Sherman's body was
hold this afternoon. Mrs. Bessie Sher
man, over whom the shooting occurred,
took the stand. She denied that her fath
er, before his death, had asked Elliott to
protect and watch over her. She said she
ha.<2 known Eliott about five years. He
had been at her home only once- She had
received letters from him from time to
time, but had never answered them.
armed. Public sentiment favors Jm to
some extent and it is hardly likely a jury
could be found in the county that would
convict him.
Francisco. She had been in this city
about a week. Sherman had met Elliott
on the street yesterday and brought him
up to the house last night. After | greet
ing her ho left and a few seconds later
the shots were fired. She said her hus
band was unarmed. \u25a0 • '
The Coroner's Jury returned a verdict
that Sherman came to his death from a
gunshot wound Inflicted by Elliott, and
charged him with the murder of Sher
man. - :
Mrs. Nolan, mother of Mrs; Sherman,
ume to San Jose this morning and this
evening took her daughter back with her
to San Francisco. . ' \u25a0:
Elliott came to' San Jose from Oxnard.
He has conducted bootblack stands there,
in Stockton and other places. Some who
have seen him believe he is slightly de
mented.
. It appears, from all that can be learned
of Sherman's career, that three months
after he /married Miss Bray he induced
her' to enter 'a- disorderly house in
city. The only work he was ever known
to do was in the grafting line— that is, so
liciting for • fake photograph galleries, i
and killed in San Jose by Henry L. El
liott,, had a bad reputation, and It was
only three weeks ago that he .was forced
to leave Oakland, where he had placed his
young wife in a notorious house,- known
as the Palm Leaf.. Sherman's actions in
Oakland were so despicable that the po
lice arrested him as a vagrant. When his
trial, came up some friends of his ilk
procured his release. His young wife at
that time told "the police that she had
entered the house of her own accord, but
that she would refuse to cclitinue a life
of shame and would return to her mother
in this city. The pair left Oakland, and
after remaining In this city, for a few
days went to San Jose, where the tragedy
occurred.. . . ; . .;. . .
Policy for Fifty Thousand *
rv- '.' -\u25a0\u25a0-•' \u25a0\u25a0 Pounds. \ _, .'
I NEW^TORK, Oct.. 28.-A Sun special
from ' Paris to the ( Daily Express says the
locarofflce of an American insurance eom
'pahyhas jiis't issued a policy of £50,000 on
the Pope's life.. The company required a
certificate * from "the j Pontiff's (physicians*
before" undertaking the insurance and .was
only willing to insure him for a month.
An American Company, Writes a
POPE LEO'S LITE
INSITKED FOB A MONTH
There was no demonstration when they
met." Czolgosz; merely stepped to the
front of his "steel cage and said "Hello!" ' ;
\u25a0The "brother; ventured -the" remark: ; . ''i
wish you .would tell .us,; Leon, = who got
you. into this scrape.".;- " , ; ', . ;.:
The* assassin answered . in a slow, " he's! -
tating manner: : ; : " • K
.•V';No: one. Nobody had anything, to do
with it- but me." ; : - ; .' '\u25a0:.::\u25a0 "
! 'That \ is not; how ..you t were brought
up," said his . brother, ."and you 'ought to
tell us. everything; now." •. . ' . ' '
;."I have, not got anything to teil," ihe
answered in a surly .mariner. : - ': \ \u25a0 •
.•'Do you want 'to 'see the priest again?"
asked his brother. ..'._, , • -.iJ^
Czolgosz held his 3ast two interviews
to-night, the ; first with Superintendent
Collins and : the second with his brother
and brother-in-law. Both of the Inter
views were- brief, and the interviewers
did most of the talking until the question
of religion was mentioned,' when Czol
gosz broke from his seeming lethargy and
violently denounced the church, and the
clergy, and made his relatives promise
that there should be no service for him,
living or dead. Prior to the late evening
Interviews, Czolgosi reluctantly, received
Fathers Fudzinski and Hickey. It was
late in the afternoon, and occurred after
he had once refused to meet them. When
they reached the '. prison Superintendent
Collins conveyed the request • for an in
terview to th4 prisoner. Czolgosz sent
back word that he did' not care to see
them, but the priests asked to see him,
despite his refusal. - Superintendent Col
lins consented, and personally escorted
tLem to the cell. The priests remained
with Czolgosz three-quarters of an hour,
and earnestly . pleaded with, the prisoner
to repent and pray for "divine forgive
ness. He rejected all their advances,
however, and they regretfully, withdrew.
They told the prisoner they would hold
themselves ready to answer a call from
him at any. hour of the night. Itwas 7
o'clock when Superintendent Collins '. went
into the death-house and tried to get the
prisoner to talk^to him. Although he re
mained In ' the cell- some time he 'was ap
parently not successful in getting . any
thing material from; him. r v .
' ,At 8 "o'clock the brother'and'brother-in
law -arrived and Superintendent Collins
took them down to the condemned, man's
cell/ ' . " •' '\u25a0 ' " " ' \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0 '\u25a0•..
\u25a0-• / Assassin Grows Profane.
All Relics to Be Destroyed.
Waldeck v^olgosz, brother of .the mur
derer, foreseeing endless- difficulties and
possibly angry demonstrations as the re
sult of an attempt to give the body.or
dinary burial, heeded the advice .of Su
perintendent of State Prisons Collins and
Warden Mead, and formally relinquished
all claim to it. He merely stipulated that
at the close of the autopsy all parts of
the body should be buried. All chance of
an unhappy and unfortunate sequel to
the execution, neither in displays of pop
ular contempt or the exhibition of ghastly
relics, is therefore finally prevented. 1
The plan of burning his clothing- and
papers will be carried out Immediately
after the execution. ..
The electrical, machine is ready for its
work ; ; Auburn prison is carefully,
guarded, the city Is in its normal' calm,'
and .there seem to be.no circumstances
standing in the way of a successful and
expeditious execution of the law.
Last Two Interviews.
Czolgosz will have paid tribute with his
life to the law, as the murderer, of Presi
dent William McKinley, by 7:15 o'clock to
morrow morning^, and Tunless he under
goes a great change 'of heart and
strength in the few hours of life. left to
him, he will go to the electric chair un
confessed and unrepentant. He suffered
a slight nervous attack late to-day, but
remained sullen and" stoical up to the
time the prison closed at 10 o'clock! He
refused to heed the words of the priests
who came to urge spiritual preparation
for death, and declined to either re-em
brace Catholicism or renounce anarch
ism. Hence, unless he changes his mind,
there will be no ' religious ceremony kt
the end. \u25a0.,'.. \u25a0
' Czolgosz showed no, strength of love
for kin, nor«3id he turn to any of those
higher- considerations .which '.ordinarily
claim , the thoughts of mehNocc'upylng hisi
position. .. He may hav^ '. Biiffered .untold
tor^aev^but outwanlly^eVteaiWed-isxiSien'
.and indifferent;" - TKe State Isrriot*toMBur
render' possession of his. body, and by
sundown it will have been secretly in
terred in ground , controlled by the of
ficials of Auburn prison. „';
AUBURN, N. ¥., Oct. 2S.— Leon . F.
Remains of the Electrocuted Man to
Be Buried in the Prison Yard
in Order to Prevent Dis
turbances. ,
Tells Brother ; Not to Have
Religious Ceremony \
Over His Body. •
Condemned y Man Has
but Insulting Words
for Priests.
REFUSES TO
RECEIVE ALL
CONSOLATION
Continued on Page Twab
• *•:••!\u25a0\u25a0! 1 1 1 1 : i m i m..:.;..h..m.m.»
men of questionable enterprfse. A keeper
of a museum in one of the larger Eastern
cities telegraphed him an offer of $5000
spot cash for either the body or the gar
ments of the murderer, and the owner of
a klnetoscope wired Warden Meade that
he would pay $2000 for permission to take
a moving picture of Czolgogz entering tha
death chamber. The superintendent also
had his suspicions aroused as to the mo
tives of some of the relatives of Czolgosz
In seeking the body in view of their'pov
erty and the trouble and danger possible
In connection with its removal and dis
posal. The superintendent chanced to
meet Waldeck Czolgosz, brother of tha
murderer, as he was being escorted to the
death cell shortly after his arrival, and
at once took the matter up with him. Ho
asked Waldeck Czolgosz if he wanted the
body. He said he did. Collins then told
him that he did not believe ' it could \u25a0 bo
removed without serious trouble, and
strongly advised him against the attempt.
The plan to -take It to Buffalo.' where
Czolgosz had assassinted the President,
he regarded as particularly dangerous.
Collins discussed the matter from the
standpoint of Czolgosz's family and said
they would " surely . avoid 'serious annoy
ance* and possible violence by consenting
to burial here. He assured. WaldecK
Czolgosz that he and the family could at-
"This request is made upon the express
understanding thatno part of the remains
will be given to. any.: person, or society,
but that the entire body will be, buried «n
accordance with the law In the cemetery
attached to the prison.
U "WALDECK CZOLGOSZ.
"Witnesses: John : A.- Sleycher, George
A. Graham."
The resolution of Superintendent'Colllns
to prevent sensation in. the transportation
or; burial of, Czolgosz took new "zest from
two . offers that were' submitted 'to-day by
AUBURN. N. Y., Oct. 28.— The. body of
Leon F. Czolgosz, the murderer of Presi
dent McKinley, will not be removed from
Auburn. Superintendent of State Prisons
Cornelius V. Collins and "Warden J. War
ren Meade, after hours of controversy
with Czolgosz's brother, ; succeeded in ob
taining from j him the following relln
quishment of the family claim to the re
mains i when the executioner shall have
finished his work:
"AUBURN, N. Y., Oct. 28, 1901— J. War
ren Meade, Agent and Warden Auburn
Prison; I hereby authorize you; as War
den of Auburn Prison., to dispose, of the
body of my brother, Leon Czolgosz, bury
ing it' in the cemetery attached 1 to the
prison,' as provided \u25a0 by the law of the
State of New York, r \u25a0'_-'. .". •
Remains of the Assassin Will Be In
' terred in Prison Grounds.
BODY NOT TO BE REMOVED.
\u25a0 The prison was absolutely, quiet at,- 10
©'clock. A little crowd that had gathered
Czolgosz walked ; to the ( back of his cell,
sat* down on the edge of his ; ; cot', and did
not I answer^ the last farewell. .'- . ,
• When • the 'relatives reached . the war
den* s office | they j again renewed their re
quest to, see the excution, \u25a0'\u25a0to which' Col
lins replied emphatically: ,_ ...
"Czolgosz will b'e killed at 7 o'clock to
morrow, and if you apply, to the warden
in the afternoon you may be able to see
the body." . . - \u25a0 :•' " \u25a0 •:.\u25a0 - -' *j '
The two 'men were then let out' of the
prispn. , , "
'A few minutes after, they had left Su-"
perlntendent Collins recr/ved a telephone
message § from ':', the ' cnief \u25a0 of police .... of
Cleveland; announcing, that 'the ! father of
the convicted man | had , signed an agree
ment similar to the one . signed \u25a0 by tho
brother." here "this afternoon, {giving the
prison / authorities the disposal * of th«j
body, -.i,. 7 •.>\u25a0\u25a0•\u25a0•'.\u25a0?•.\u25a0.; \u25a0 - '
There was a painful pause of a few min
utes, when tlio relatives resumed casual
conversation with him, to which he re
plied in monosyllables until the brother
in-law suggested to Superintendent Col
lins that he' and the brother be permitted
to witness the execution; Before the' su
perintendent* could reply, Leon Czolgosz
said:';- \ * : \'0 - \\ '$'\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 ,
"Yes, Mr. Superintendent; let them
see it." . -
Collins ' told ' them that \ no such thing
could be done, and ordered them to say
good-by. ' ' \
Cannot Witness Execution.
The brother looked j rather disturbed by
the answer. Then, stepping up close^ to
the bars, the .condemned man said: £j \
"And don't you have any J praying ovar
me when I'm dead. I don't want it. T
don't want any of their — \religion."
And he answered with more vehftmence
than he had previously shown: . .
, «'No, — - them; don't send them here
again. I don't want them." ; ; '-
The brother-in-law. Interjected here:
"That's right, Leon." . . -
The superintendent and warden retire 1
at 10 o'clock, with the announcement that
there would I be . nothing given out an-1
that no one would enter or leave the
prison before £ o-morrow morning. Be
fore the . superintendent had retired, the
death watch reported • to him that «Czol
gosz was sleeping soundly. Besides th?
two regular men on the death watch in
the corridor, an additional guard sat in
Czolgosz's cell to-night. .
about the main entrance at dusk quietly
dispersed with out any. suggestion from
police or guards.
PORT OF SPAIN, TRINIDAD,
Oct. 28.— The Venezuelan nation
• alist expeditioh,'...-which .left : here
the night of the 15th, effected a
landing on the coast of the state
of Maturin, Venezuela, and engaged the
Government forces, "i under General
Maica, near Canos. Particulars of > t the
fight are momentarily expected. It-is es
timated that the forces, on the frontier
of Rosario.de Cucuta number 15,000 Co
lombians and 6000 Venezuelans, and on the
frontier of Guajira, near Maracaibo, C000
Colombians and 3500 Venezuelans.
Arrivals from Caracas give distressing
accounts of poverty perceptible In that
city. A large part of the once prosperous
inhabitants are reduced to seeking alms
in the public streets. - Business is practi
cally at a standstill, and merchants ex
press, the .belief that they will soon be
compelled to close their doors altogether.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.— Mail advices
up to October 15 were received to-day
from his country by Senor Pulido, the
Venezuelan Charge <T Affaires here." They
came from Edward Blanco, the Minis'er
of Foreign Affairs, who reports that af
fairs are tranquil there and the condition
of the country normal. The situation f on
the Tachira frontier, where the armies of
Colombia and Venezuela are facing each
_ «• *-^ *-'
The San Francisco Call.
17*1 1 V- I
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1901.
ASSASSIN CZOLGOSZ PAYS DEATH PENALTY IN THE ELECTRIC CHAIR AT AUBURN PRISON
AUBURN, N. Y., Oct. 29.— At 7:13 o'clock this morning Leon F. Czolgosz, the anarchist who fatally shot President William McKinley at the Buffalo
Exposition on September 6, was electrocuted. The assassin went to the electric chair unrepentant and unconfessed.
Mrs. Bessie Sherman, tire Young Woman Who Was Widowed by the Tragedy
of Sunday Night in San Jose, Testifies at the Coroner's Inquest That
She Had Never Encouraged the Attentions of the Man Who Avenged Her
ELLIOTT IS GLAD THAT HIS BULLET ENDED
BRUTAL HUSBAND'S LIFE AND RESCUED GIRL
HE LOVED FROM A CAREER OF DEGRADATION
VOLUME XC— NO. 151.
PKICE FIVE CENTS.Continued From" Page ; One.
Itching, Blind," Bleeding or . Protruding Piles.
No Cure.-; No .Pay. i All druggists are author-'
ized '. by the | manufacturers - of \u25a0 Fazo \u25a0 Ointment
to refund * money ; -where - It (alls , to ; cure any
case of piles, no matter of how- long standing.
Cures . crdlnary ; cases in \u25a0 six , days ; ->, the •« worst
cases in fourteen days. .' One ' application * gives
ease, and ;\u25a0 rest. Relieves itching, instantly. This
Is a new discovery and Is the. only, pile remedy
sold -on: a positive guarantee, i no cure no • pay.
A'free sample will be eent by, mall to any one
tending their name and address.; Price, 60c. If
your drugcist don't keep it in stock, send us 50c
in stamps and we will forward a full size box
by 'mall. I 'Manufactured by. Paris Medicine.. Co.,
St.Louls,Mo.,who also manufacture the celebra
'ted cold cure," Laxative Bromo-Qulnlne Tablets.
Piles Cured Without the Knife.
LONDON,. Oct. 28.-During; the; coursa
of the hearing to-day... ;6f-,v,tbe -reclaims
against the Duke of Manchester, if,tran
spired that in order to secure', £200- casli
the Duke v .was obliged to takfera-'Bibie
which the money lenders valued 4 at £73
For the cash and Bible the -Duke-feave a
promissory note for £450. Ab. the Duke
ealdhe did not Immediately require' the
Blble;itf.was> left behind r artd* wag never
claimed. ;Those who are trying* to settl-3
up; the Duke of 'Manchestec's; affairs ob
jected to' paying for it,- and - the Judge in
the bankruptcy.- case-, red.uced;>- the •bill
by-£10. •. • > \u25a0-. . ;. . ., \u25a0\u25a0.":.' •- \u25a0
'\u25a0-\u25a0 Big BUI for a Bible.
Dear GeOfgd:.'. I received your very kind letter
and you don't' know how good It made me feel,
and at the same time know ; that . times* like
"now are ; the times • to test . one* s - true ; friends.
It wu awful, that affair. 1 .., I can't drive.it out
of my mlnq. -' In: bed, -on "the street.^in J the
office - the whole • occurrence will : come - flying
through iny,niind. ' The only consolation I have
is that I did my. full' duty. The whole of that
day I felt uneasy; something; seemed-- to "-\u25a0 be
around me . that : I > could not ; account for,
Around Niagara Falls, in the towns of £ewls>
ton and Niagara,. I was at the President's side.
Never • for • an ; instant did I • leave ' him, .'. even
on : the ; porch of \u25a0 the " International • Hotel v while
he was : resting; and \ smoking: * a ; clgar. « .1 reat
within ten feet of; him and ; when ; he. went into
the> dining-room ' I •. had " him -in ; full, view. > The
only time I "rode on the box of his carriage
vai that dai- on account of that uneasy feeling
'-United States Secret' Service Agent Ha
zen 'of this city -has 'received \ a letter : from
George F. ' Foster, -President - McKinley's
bodyguard, giving ; inside facts on the as-'
sassination ', ancU how Ot was ; possible" in
spite of the strong .guard I thatx had -been
placed " around • tne". President. V Mr. ' Foster
is the stalwart "guard ".who made^many
friends when- he 'was here with President
McKlr.ley .last summer. The letter is as
follows: :V ; .IT,'- : \u25a0•->' ;; - ' ; ,
, -WASHINGTON, D. C, Oct. 8," 190L'''
Says the He gr o Parker's Statement Is
-,' :^'i : :-^i v*a' Falry;Tale.' ' : '- : ' 1 ' : •; \u25a0'.
PARIS, Oct. 28.— The. Chamber. of Depu
ties tojday -began ; ; the -discussion .of the
Ministerial project aiming .at the revival
of the decaying French merchant marine.
The project : provides c that - " any; iron . or
steel vessel exceeding 100 tons gross ton
nage engaged in International . trade and
flying the French . flag, shall receive , an
annual subsidy, in-proportion to her ton
nage until \u25a0•' she is "twenty -years ;old: . A
larger subsidy is > accorded to vessels.ful
filling similar conditions . built in France
and under • ' fifteen years old.' - Admiral
Riencur; (Republican) criticized the bill as
being, ineffective, 1 and suggested 1 a tax on
foreign flags entering- . French ports. ' ~ct
France's Merchant Marine.
One qther man, \u25a0William ; Anderson; ;t is
still in the mine., and: the' rescuing -party,
will continue its work .until ?he.ils, found?
There i3 no hope, however, oft finding :hin*
alive. ;.. . \u25a0 . r .\u25a0 .: , ,".'_ :. / ,..,;.;
SALT LAKE. Utah., Oct. 281—AfterVbe
ing entombed In the Highland -Boy' mine'
at Bingham, Utah," for sixty-one "hours,
Charles Nutting was taken qutrto'-day-bjr ;
the rescuing party • that t has ; Ween £ * coii- 1
stantly at work since the . cave-In . oc-'!
curred. He was alive ."but: : very -weak i
when found. The" space In- which.- he'
was imprisoned' was so- email^ that ' vhe 11 !
was unable. to stand up..; A plentiful,. sun-'
ply of fresh air, however, served to ipro-*
long his life until to-day,; when he* was
taken out, * •• »;\u25a0 \u25a0• .-.-_.-. v-..j,
Entombed Miner Rescued. 1
FOSTER 'TELLS HIS /STORY.
•SUISUN,' : Oct. * 28,-Henry. Schmitt..was
arrested here this : evening by * Constable
Downing:, Town- Marshal McDonald ani
Deputy Sheriff Donaldson "on a charge of
forgery. - He is accused of having -signed
the name of Captain H. Boynton to> \
check \ for -: $40 ; and-; exchanged -r it for
goods and ' cash -in a : local - dry goods
store.' ' The forgery : was" immediately dis
covered •• and the officers .\u25a0 notified. - Thev
found : the* man in '.the-'' act \ of .\u25a0buying a
railroad ticket. He ; tried - to . escape by
running down the track," but was captured
after, a short chase. , Schmitt. was (taken
before. Judge Hitchcock and. his -bonda
fixed '\u25a0-' at $1000.' • Schmitt • came * from \u25a0 San
Francisco a month* ago:. ~ r
Alleged; Forger^ Arrested.'
-REDWOOD- CITY, Oct. 28.— A three
hours-bid girl baby was left under the
back steps of Father -Conlan's residence
early. this morning.,, The housekeeper was
awakened bythecrying of the baby and
found: it; wrapped up -in. an old blanket
under the steps,' where It had been placed
out • of.' the rain. . The waif L was ;taken in
and ' given medical attention and is now
doing well. The officers are searching for
its parents and it is believed at least ono
of them , Is known. /The child will proba
bly.be sent to some foundling home.
Waif Found Under Back Steps of
Father Conlan's Residence in V - ,
Redwood City/' \u25a0 ' '.*
BABE IS ABANTDONED
: ; ' ' ' AT PRIEST'S DOOR
LA PORTE, Ind., Oct.. 28.— Miss Leoria
Bishop, a popular young society, woman
of Elwood, this State, started' last night
for Los Angeles, CaL, on a romantic mis
sion, the sequel • of -which 'will be- her
marriage, to Steven Bowden, who is said
to hold, a position as ''superintendent 'of a
California | railroad, . with / headquarters in
Los Angeles. Miss -Bishop corresponded
with Los Angeles friends, and In one of
her4etters.she-sent-her picture.- Bowden
saw her photograph, and at once became
infatuated. \ His infatuation resulted in
overtures being made for an exchange of
letters. v This was agreeable to the In
diana girl, and a proposal of marriage
soon followed. ..Bowden . wrote to .; Miss
Bishop, to come on to Los .Angeles, • and
on her" arrival, if impressions are borne
out, a marriage ceremony will be - per
formed. , Miss -Bishop's relatives have
consented' to the union. . " -,
Indiana Girl Is Traveling to I»os An
geles to Wed a Man She Never
\u25a0:\u25a0••<: \u25a0 • ; Met. • \u25a0' - i ,
KATHEH ROMANTIC STORY
OF A COURTSHIP BY MAIL
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— In his an
nual report upon the condition' and ser
vices of the United States Marine Corps
for the past year, Brigadier." General
Charles >' Heywood renews a* former . rec
ommendation that Congress ,-shall make
the rank of the commandant of: the Ma
rine Corps | that of major general/-. This
recommendation, it Is stated,, is ".embar
rassing-" to "the" General, inasmu'ch'as such
action would-result in-his;own -promotion,
but he points out that the- present author
ized strength of the corps, 6062 men,
should entitle the commandant to the rank
of major general," as the army regula
tion* provide that the - appropriate \u25a0 com
mand for a major general Is r four' regl-'
ments and 4800 men; General 'Heywood
strongly recommends. that ;tbe:law pro
viding that officers of the navy, who
served with honor duringi the* civil .war
may retire with the next higher -rank be
extended to the Marine Corps.-'.; .%\u25a0
The total number of casualties- in ; - the
enlisted force 'of the corps during 1 " the
past year caused by ; discharges, deser
tions, - deaths and retirements 'was -2800.
In conclusion General Heywood: says:>vr
"I am pleased to' state that the- corps
has been able to meet promptly 1 and - sat
isfactorily the many and varied demands
which have been made upon. if. xiuring
the year, and feel Justifled.in atatine that
it has maintained its high reputation for
efficiency." \u25a0 ' ' \u25a0•'.-•\u25a0;\u25a0•:' -~'
General Heywood Recommends That
"the Commandant Rank as a
Major General. V- ...
UNITED STATES MABJNE ,
CORPS PROVES EFFECTIVE
tend'; that they would t be protected, - and
that the body would be given decent
burial. Czolgosz was . obdurate, however,;
and Collins finally told him that if there
was a well-grounded suspicion as to the
motive in- claiming. the body he would re
fuse to surrender \u25a0 it, law or- «no law..
Czolgosz then^seemed inclined ta.glve in;
and went with the superintendent ,to the,
office of Warden Meade, where a paper,
relinquishing all claim upon the body. was
drawn up. " ' ' ..• -- r • \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0,,. !
it .was being, prepared- Collins
called up the Chief of*Police of Cleveland
and asked him to discuss the matter .with:
Czolgosz Sr. Collins asked that the. ques
tion-be fairly stated' to the father;' and
that if he agreed a- telegram of relinqulsn
ment be. signed ijy.himand,- sent at .once.
The Cleveland police expressed the hope
that the body/would never be sentHothat
City. \u25a0' I '"-\u25a0'..•; .''. <\u25a0'\u25a0.\u25a0•»' ,-
When the superintendent submitted to
Czolgosz the instrument relinquishing all
claim to the body he refused to sign It un
til he had an opportunity to advise, with
Waldeck Thomas 9andowski, his brother
in-law, who was the. leader in the plan to
secure the body. He promised -a final, an
swer*- at- 7 o'clock, when -he .was to -\u25a0 eall
with ; Bandowskl for a final visit to- the
condemned • man. \u25a0\u25a0[ •\u25a0\u25a0 :.'.;-* ' ' A, ''1
\u25a0 • Collins agreed r.to '-. send for \u25a0 him, but
would not Jet* the brother leave the prison".
Finally he-was' at. «b! clock' informed that
thepeople at-»the.Buffalo.crematbry would
riot accept the body.^-and •'Superintendent
Collins at 'once pointed? out to him that -.he
Would have'ttte body on his hands, v At a
few minutes past 6 o'clock he agreeed-to
Bign-and it was decided to bury the body
in- the p*rison.s .. \u25a0 - '-.^ . \u25a0 - a - ."--, .*
The agreement signed prohibits any por
tiori»of ,the body : being. removed from the
prlB6n,and'' this will be strictly.'^ enforced.
I had. I don' t think , I ever .; worked harder
around hhn ; than I did that day. • '•
Whenwe got him into the Temple o Music
(I hate to write the name of the place) I felt
uneasy, for we had passed through a solid. mass
of people, something like that At .'Frisco, at the
Ferry that evening. . Ir took , my stand in front
o* Mr. Milburn,- who stood to the President a
left, with Mr. Cortelyou on the President' 3
right. I was the only person of the left of the
line except Operator Ireland, who stood direct
ly In front of the President. On the right of
the line were about sixteen or eighteen . Expo
sition guards and members of the Twenty-third
Coast Artillery. The fellow passed all of these
people and reached' the President without any
person stopping him; and right here is the only
place where I think If I had been on the. other
side. I might possibly ,ha,ve had my attention
drawn to that, misshapen , hand and stopped
him. \u25a0 Now this is only a'posslbllity.'
i Among, the sixteen',' or.' eighteen Exposition'
guards .were \u25a0 some. very bright-looking men,
and, .'as I understand since | the • shooting-, were
some old Plnke.rton people, so I might, have
passed the, fellow, UP like they did..
I was; the first to pull him away -from the
President. The negro Parker had shook hands
and had passed. on about. fifteen feet the other
side of- the President and the next thing was
seen of him was when he came back and was
breasted by the coast guard* and told to keep
back, while we lald s onthe floor with' the as
sassin,. Parker was put* out of the building
with 'the rest of the "crowd and- there told his
story, and, of course, ' the first impression \u25a0 is
the lasting one. . -• He is now going around >the
country lecturing In negro cnurches. He 13
here to-night;" He is the greatest fraud ever
came up the pike.; and ought to be arrtsted for
"conning", the -people. Why, Penny would hot
•put- him. oh the stand at, the- trial.--- 1 ; - •>' _
Please give my kind regards to- Chief Sulli
van and Captain Wlttman and' tell them that
I often think of them 'and \u25a0 hope to 1 see them
East '. some ' time to grlve me a . chance to/- g-et
even for the kind way they treated me while
in their city. . \u25a0 ' ' •'\u25a0':'..'\u25a0 ;
President \u25a0 Roosevelt talks of taking a Cali
fornia , trip \u25a0 next year some time ,• *_ \u25a0 •• If I
am sent I expect you to-be with us until we
leave . the ' State. . ' :\u25a0' '\u25a0'- -\u25a0 : •«• : - »
Your old friend, f> GtiQRGE F. FOSTER.
SECRETS OF GRAND JURY,
ABE EEVEAXED IN, COTJBT
Phoenix Judge Establishes a Prece
dent in the Interest of 'j}'
Justice. >i -^
PHOENIX, Ariz., Oct. 28.— Whether
warranted by precedent or not, the inter
est, of .Justice_ made necessary to-day, an
unusual proceeding in the District Court
relative to the secretary of Grand Juries.
On September 18 George McDonald shot
and killed E. P. Gardner, an employe of
RIngling . Brothers' circus. The Grand
Jury indicted him for murder. His attor
ney? made a motion to quash the Indict
ment, on the ground that it had been as
sented to by only eleven grand jurors,
whi!e the law requires twelve for indict
ment. The attorney's source of informa
tion was *iot disclosed.
Chief Justice ; Webster Street to-day
called each of the fifteen grand Jourors
before him, questioned each separately.
»nd each acknowledged assent to the in
dictment. - The motion was denied.
Largest Cruiser in the World.
LONDON, Oct. 28.— The King Alfred,
the largest cruiser In- the world, was suc
cessfully launched at Barrow-ln-Furness
to-day. The King Alfred cost £1,011,795.
She: will have a speed of twenty-threa
knots.
CZOLGOSZ REPENTS NOT
AND IS UNCONFESSED
Aged Bicycle Thief's Fate.
FRESNO, Oct. 28.— For stealing a bi
cycle, for which crime . he ' ; was found
guilty by a jury in the Superior Court
last week. Richard Dalton, 50 years of
age, was sentenced to-day by Judge
Church to six years' imprisonment in tl«a
penitentiary at San Quentin.
Menoper and five men of the Twenty
eighth: Battery of Field ;, Artillery were
wounded, three severely. * _ .- ; -
The gun, a new one, was being tested,
and was allowed to become too hot, and
when a' shell came- into* the breeeh after
firing, the shell exploded, tearing out the
breech,^, fragments of .whiclv struck and
Injured the men." Those -injured:; Private
Snyder. -leg, severe; Private- Merlpolt,
arm, severe; Private Reider, arm, severe;
Private Hayes, leg, slight; "Private Jones,
hand,- slight; Captain . Menoper, hand
burned and wrist injured. •:.\u25a0-•''\u25a0
LEAVEN WORTH, Kan.;\Oct. 28.— By an
explosion of a Colt's automatic firing gun
at Fort "Leavenworth to-day, : > Captain
Severe Accident Occurs
to' Artillerymen at
Fort Leavenworth.
Professor Wheeler at White House.
\u25a0 WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— Among the
President's guests this evening were
John D. McCook, Andrew, D. White. John
Kendrick Bangs, Benjamin Ide Wheeler.
As Is the case with the British defenses
at Esquimau, this conning tower will bo
placed in such a position as to be invis
ible from, the straits and consequently out
of reach of an enemy's guns. Other con
ning towers will be erected at Admiralty
Point and Marrowstone Point. «.?
TACOMA. Oct. 28.— Government experts
are superintending the construction of a
conning tower on one of the commanding 1
eminences of Fort Worden, on Point Wil
son, near Port Townsend, overlooking a
long stretch of the Straits of Juan de
Fuca. The tower is provided with a sys
tem of mirrors which reflect on a pre
pared chart the exact position of any ves
sel entering the straits. These waters are
divided on the charts into small squares,
the necessary elevation for the gunworlc
on any square being prepared in advance.
In the event of invasion the observer sim
ply communicates with the "man behind
the guns" the information that the inva
der is in a certain square. From this "in
formation the bombardment is at once
commenced* with great prospects for sink
ing the incoming vessel.
American Government Adding to Its
Fortifications on Point
- :-:- Wilson.
TOWER TO COMMAND r
THE STRAITS OP ; RICA
SOLDIERS HURT
BY AN EXPLOSION
NOBLEMAN ON HIS : WAY; . TO
AMERICA- AND WIFE « WHO HAS
SECURED DIVORCE.
The Business Men's Association has
now taken the matter in hand: } The com
mittee on mining will henceforth have
this as one of its especial duties.;
The reported richness of ; the mineral
resources of this region Is not a fable by
any means. Never yet has there_been a
systematic effort to develop a., single
prospect far enough to really determine
what' there may be in it. The Business
Men's Association is considering the pro
ject of organizing a gigantic, stock com
pany to systematically develop, -one after
another,- the many prospects south, of the
city, which have been begun -and then
abandoned for lack of funds* 'It is be
lieved that- Helena will yet be the finan
cial and mining center of the State' of
Montana. "\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>> . \u25a0 -.;\u25a0:\u25a0. \u25a0 :
HELENA, Mont.. Oct. 23.— The business
men of Helena- have set an example that
might well be followed by. the residents
of all mining towns who.have the'wel
fare of their locality at heart. In future
every mining company that' claims Hel
ena as its home will-be thoroughly inves
tigated, and, if it is found to have any
"wildcat" characteristics. It will be un
sparingly condemned through-, the me
dium of the press, and unsuspicious in
vestors will be warned away. '
The necessity of this move ; hats been
made apparent from the fact that,
throughout the East, a large^-Jiumber of
these Irresponsible mushrooxn
have been -formed, without'/a* foundation
In fact for their extravagant claims of
fortunes that await those who. buy,' their
stock. The fact that .a decided interest
Is being taken in the 'mineral ' district
round about Helena has caused numbers
of. these 'unscrupulous concerns to. claim
a location in this city. .' :?-?,;-•\u25a0; *\u25a0 -'.-\u25a0.-*
Postmaster A. P. Fisk states that he
continually receives letters from all parts
of the East from people asking the Post
master if they can place, confidence- in
such and -such a company; "He ;\u25a0 has re
peatedly gone. to the county ; Vecords, only
to find that such companies never exist
ed, except in the imaginations of their
putative officers. Flsk has \so informed
all who have applied to him for lnfbrma
tion.
Special Dispatch to The *Call
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 28.— Nearly an inch
of rain fell here last night and. the storm
was succeeded this morning by a strong
north wind. >\u25a0 \u25a0 '\u25a0* \u25a0 - \u25a0 ..\u25a0
WOODLAND. Oct. 28.— There was an
other heavy shower shortly before day
light this morning and the rainfall for
the season now aggregates 2.28 inches.
This practically puts an.' end to Eastern
grane shipments. - \. . .
MILTON. -Oct. 28.— One and flfty-six
hundredths inches of rain fell here during
the storm- of the past two days.. The pre
cipitation was timely and will prove ben
eficial. -
YUBA CITY, Oct. 28.— The rainfall for
the recent storm was 2.17 inches, making
\u25a03.85 inches f or the . Beason. •
CORNING, Oct. 28.— The rirst heavy
rainstorm of the season visited this place
last night. About an inch of moisture
fell. This will gprout the summer fallow
grain and enable farmers to prepare their
fields for winter planting. Beets' and
fruits are already gathered" so' that no
damage will result. . The rain came just
when needed.
STOCKTON. Oct. 28.^rThere was quite
a heavy rainfall early this morning, but
the clouds have broken and to all appear
ances the storm is over, though there Is
a brisk wind from the west.- What little
nay that is not yet under cover may be
damaged very slightly and beans may suf
fer a little. .It is doubtful, however, if
any damage worth mentioning has result
ed. Since, 10 e'eiock. yesterday morning
.41 of an inch of rain has fallen.
SAN JOSE. -Oct. 28.— The heaviest rain
fall of the season - came last nisrht, the
sky clearing during the forenoon. The
total for the storm was 1.11 inches, for the
season L66 inches. No damage has re
sulted as the croDs are all stored.
SANTA ANA. Oct. 28.— After raining in
termittently for thirty hours the weather
has cleared in this . vicinity.' The total
precipitation for the storm was 1.65 inches.
Crops, especially celery, have befen great
ly benefited. •"
The rain will be of great benefit to the
farming lands. In some sections of the
country, on the river islands, the bean
crop has not been thrashed. It is not
believed, however, that the storm just
enfied will "do any damage. The "north
wind will soon dry the crop of beans, so
that the threshers may be set to running
again. The fruit shipping season is about
ended, the bulk of \u25a0 the shipments to the
East consisting of apples, grapes and
pears. Thirty-two carloads were shipped
from Sacramento this morning.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. 2S.— The- .rainfall
for the forty-eight hours ending at 7
o'clock this morning was general through
out the Sacramento Valley and the foot
hills section. The fall in. this city amount
ed to nearly half an inch. In Redding,
at the bead of ihe valley, it amounted to
nearly six inches, and the downpour at
Red Bluff was not far behind.
The absence of news about Miss Stone
has led to. a revival, of the report that
she - has already been killed: and" the
brigands have • dispersed. . '
SOFIA, Bulgaria, Oct. 28.— Six young
Bulgarians . have banded themselves to
search .for Miss Stone, the American
missionary, and. her companion. Mme.
Tsilka. and with the consent of the Bul
garian authorities have left Samakov for
Mehomla with this object In view. \u25a0
Unfortunately, there. has not been col
lected more than $65,000 toward the ran
som, and the United States. has distinctly
announced that^it^nnot^add a cent to
that sum. * The negotiations." which will
be conducted will Include ;'a counter '/pro?
p"osal, : which will' be . made either: through
Mr. Eddy or through the' .missionaries,
who have been J vainly.; searching: ' for
traces of the captive. The. brigands , have
doubtless been apprised of the fact that
the friends of Miss Stone are unable to
raise "the sum of . $110,000, originally de
manded, and it is hoped they will now
accept less.
The exact whereabouts of the, band
which has possession of Miss Stone is
not*, known to the State Department. •\u25a0: It
ha3 the; general idea '.of', its location, but
the information is withheld . because* the
department does not wish the Turkish or
Bulgarian Government to dispatch troops
to the place. of refuge of the brigands,
with the result that e the • latter would
probably flee to another hiding place and
be more chary of reopening negotiations.
.It: is understood that the Russian Gov
ernment is co-operating with . the United
States in the negotiations.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
\u25a0W> WASHINGTON, . Oct. 28.—Negotia
tions for the liberation of Miss Stone, the
American .missionary held prisoner by
Bulgarian brigands, have at last ' been
opened with her captors. This was. the
encouraging news received by the State
Department to-day from Mr. Eddy, Sec
retary of the American Legation at Con
stantinople. Eddy reported -the receipt
of a. communication setting forth tHe
terms upon which the woman would be
given freedom. The" proposal wa3 not
made public by the State Department, but
it is said that there is no abatement in
the demand of the abductors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
With the opening of the new year will
be organized one of the greatest steel
corporations in the world.. Capitalists , in
this city and throughout the Mahoning
Valley will be largely interested as stock
holders in the new corporation.. The men
who were largely responsible for the
great success of the underlying steel
companies constituting the United States
Steel Corporation, and who disposed of
their holdings, will be prominently identi
fied with the new company. Several In
dependent steel companies which have re
fused {to join the United States Steel
Corporation will also come in.
H. C. Frick of Pittsburg will, it is said,
be president of the new corporation, and
the capital stock will be 12,000,000,000. Ne
gotiations are' now in progress with
Pittsburg. Youngstown and Philadelphia
capitalists with a view of bringing the
interested parties together in a solid J
organization. Little ' information will be\
given until- the charter for the corpora— w.
tlon- is secured under the laws of New
Jersey. . : . -
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Oct. 28.— A special
to the Leader from Youngstown. Ohio,
says:
Business Men of Helena
Organize to Protect
Investors.
Almost Six Inches of
Rain Descends at
Redding.
Encouraging News Is
Received at State
1 Department.
Greatest Steel Corpora
tion in the World
Being Organized.
TWO BILLIONS
IS THE CAPITAL
NEGOTIATIONS
WITH BANDITS
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET. N.
W., "WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.— What will
be probably the most comprehensive pro
gramme ever submitted by the board of
naval officers to the Navy Department
for transmission' to Congress will be sub
mitted this week to Secretary Long of
the Board on Construction. The pro
gramme i urged to-day by the . members of
the board for adoption included: Four
first class battleships of 15,000 tons dis
placement," carrying the heaviest- arma
ment and protected by the thickest armor
possible on such displacement; four arm
ored cruisers of 14,000 tons displacement,
of high speed, carrying the heaviest arm
ament and the thickest armor compati
ble with displacement and speed; eight
een gunboats for. service in South Amer
ica and the Philippines of more than 1200
tons displacement; twelve gunboats of a
few hundred tons displacement each, for
service In the Philippines. In addition, it
is the purpose of the board to recommend
the construction of auxiliary ships, in
cluding colliers, training ships and an en
gineering repairing vessel. No torpedo
boats or submarine-boats have been sug
gested for incorporation in the pro
gramme, and it is-extremely doubtful if
any construction of these types will.be
considered. It is the intention of the;
board to hold another meeting on Wed
nesday, when there will be a renewal, of
the discussion relative to the character
istics of the programme to be submitted.
No naval officer has lost sight of the
action taken by Germany to expedite the
completion of its programme of ship con
struction, and there is reason to belleva
that this matter will enter into the con
sideration of the Board on Construction.
' In' conversation to-day with Represen
tative Fitzgerald, who represents the
Brooklyn Navy Yard district, and Repre
sentative Rupert of New York City, Pres
ident Roosevelt declined to make any rec
ommendations for the construction of tha
warships in navy yards as suggested by
the Brooklyn Congressman, on the ground
that such recommendation should prop
erly come through the Navy Department.
He said the subject had been discussed
with the Secretary of the Navy on sev
eral previous occasions and the latter has
invariably held that the construction of
new warships can be accomplished cheap
er and to better advantage to the Govern
ment at private shipyards. *>.:..> •
Some of the members of the board thin*
the programme considered to-day too ex
tensive, insisting that the shipbuilding ca
pacity of the country cannot accommo
date so many new vessels. Other mem
bers hold that as Congress adopted no
authorization of additional anmorclads at
the last session of Congress it is desira
ble to ask that a programme be adopted
which shall make provision for the ships
that should have been laid down during
the present year, as well \u25a0 as those which
in the usual course" would be provided for
in the law to be passed during the com
ing session.
UPLAND THIS
GET A WETTING
The scene of the trouble is at or near
Balltown, where a negro was burned last
week for assaulting a white woman. This
\u25a0was not the cause, however, of the mur
der yesterday, in ; which three white men
and eleven negroes . were killed and sev
eral were wounded.
Mixon talked with many men from the
.scene, and they said more and worse
trouble, was expected to-day, as armed
men were flocking to the scene, and it is
reported that the blacks were equally ac
tive in preparing : for a battle.
P. B. Carter arrived from Franklinton
a little after dark to-night, and said that
the situation was terrible and that more
trouble was feared. He said Joe Searlos
and Charles Elliott and another white
man, whose name he did not know, were
dead; that B. H. Thompson, a while
man, was wounded, .and that eleven ne
groes were dead. His information was up
to last night, and was obtained from per
sons who went to Franklinton for help.
At 3 o'clock this morning a posse left
Franklirton for the scene of the battle,
led by Sheriff Simmons;' and from all '.he
country around armed men are hurrying
to the same place. Carter paid that 500
men were probably .under arms to-day m
Washington Parish.
The trouble occurred at a negro camp
meeting, and the origin, as near as can
be ascertained, 'was as follows:. -
Greer Lott. a negro, was running a re-
AMITE CITT. La.. Oct. 2S.— Three
•white men and eleven negroes have been
killed in a race riot in Washington Par
ish. The first news of the ' riot was
brought here to-day by Cornelius Mixon.
who left Franklinton this morning. lie
stated that white men rode into Frank
linton at 2 o'clock this morning seeking
help. saying*that the negroes were up in'
arms and threatening to exterminate Ihe
whites: \u25a0•'•.. :
MONTANA MINES
ARE IN DEMAND
Governor Heard wired Governor Lon
gino of Mississippi for permission for
armed troops to pass through the State
cf Mississippi, and.Governor-Longirio an
swered promptly, granting the request.
However, the troops were not iserrt, ari
vices to-night saying that - Balltown was
quiet. : : i \u25a0 \u25a0 *
Balltown is about twenty-five -miles from
Franklinton,. in a sparsely settled section.
It is almost entirely cut off fro in the out
side world. Franklinton is i twenty -seven
miles east of this place and there are no
telegraph or telephone lines., _ .;*.-..:\u25a0
BATON ROUG1S, La."* Oct. 28.— Governor
Heard received a message this afternoon
from Deputy Sheriff Simmons, of -Wash
ington Parish,- saying that a -terrible con
flict was in progress between whites and
blacks in that parish, thirty, being already
dead, and requesting .the Govecnor-to-scnd
troops at once.
freshment stand ant] a constabley»a white
man, name not given, went. to. him and
asked, for his license. He had ;nqne and
became impudent, cursing the constable
and defying him. The constable withdrew
and obtained -assistance.- — lie-- returned
with several white men, when the negro
Lott rushed out and tired pQlnt blank into
the crowd, killing Joe Seals ana Charles
Elliott. The whites returned; tlie tire and
killed Lott. Then a. negro ' preacher
named ' Connolly rushed out of -a "house
with a gun in hand, attempting to shoot,
and was killed. His daughter 'was also
killed, though it. is said she was accident-'
ally phot. In the shooting which followed
another white . man was .killed, \u25a0 K. H-
Thompson wounded and aoven \u25a0; or eight
negroes killed. The •shooting, had; no. direct
connection with the" burning of the negro
Morris in that section last week, but It is
undoubtedly the «se<iuel to that -tragic
event. Since that time it is said thnt the
negroes have been holding 'nightly meet-
Ing's, preparing to attack the whites. ;.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Trouble Occurs at a Camp-Meeting When Constable
Attempts to Arrest a Colored Man for Con
ducting a Refreshment Booth Without License
Officials Will Recommend the Immediate Building
of Four First-Class Battleships, Four High-Speed
• Cruisers and Thirty Gunboats of Latest Design
FIERCE RACE WAR IN LOUISIANA
RESULTS IN KILLING OF THREE
WHITES AND ELEVEN NEGROES
NAVAL BOARD ON CONSTRUCTION
TO SUBMIT PLANS TO CONGRESS
FOR ENLARGEMENT OF THE NAVY
THE SAN FRANGISCO .CAliLV TtJJSSr) AY, OCTOBER 29, 1901.
The Earl Presents No Opposition to the Allegation , of ' His First Wife That
He/ Was Guilty of Bigamy in Marrying Mrs; Somerville in Nevada.
Unlucky Lord to Be Permitted: to Land Upon Hi at New York
DIVORCE DECREE RECENTLY GRANTED
LADY RUSSELL IS MADE ABSOLUTE
'«r' ONDON, Oct.", 28.— The decree of
1 1 -divorce granted Lady Russell
I from Earl Russell on May 28 on
li,,^f the ground of, the Earl's bigamy
with Mrs. Somerville. was to-day
niade_.ahsolute,. no .opposition. v to. Lady.
Russell's application being presented. The
suit for' divorce followed the Eari;s, mar
riage in Nevada, which caused his trial
and conviction in the House of Lords and
sentence to three months'/Imprisonment.
Lord Russell is ••' now ., on the way to
America, where the customs authorities
at first instructed the Immigration Com
mission at New York to refuse his land-
Ing on the ground that he Is an ex-qon
victr amiJ- an • undesirable person. •- Later,
however, this view was rescinded by the
Washington authorities, and it is now be
lieved the Earl will -not, find any obstruc
tions to his re-entry into the country.
2
. , :.;- To , Cure : a . Cold : in V One Day ;
Take- Liaxatlve" ; Bro"mo,. Quinine '.Tablets. \u25a0• AH
drurelsts refund the - money \u25a0 1C It falls to cure.
E, W. Grove's signature is on each box, 25c, •
0a jgs, ma am
~/^^ *co ok. sayj?
O^^rr we shaul<$
Bfc^w always have
> f$&\ California
/ M(HUTNEY/AIJCE
/ \ . for;ste/a]^s
/ \ chops, fish \u25a0
S*&8&T3!0m g'a.tno etc
1 1^?"*'^??^r roce T s
[ ( IIfM-|^ I 111' < - i
• . Torturing, grinding, rasping, aggravating pain!. Let it come in 'the *
f g u » s e °} Lumbago, Sciatica, Muscular, Inflammatory. "Come and Go"- «
S £i * • J °i n , S> in the cl l est ' in the back ' anywhere, I will cure it. My f
• Electric Belt goes to the spot;and drivesit out of the body. It relieves S
...tne pain in an_nour and cures the worst cases in a week. jj
5". ?r # > Electric Belt -
e Has cured thousands "of Rheurnati cs. It will cure you. «
• Rheumatism Cured. J
S-Free Test !, Wan V ev .%f crer from Sci atica, Rheumatism. |
g 1-rCC lCSt Lame .-Back, Kidney or Bladder troubles Genera I
tc •-'\u25a0\u25a0'•« • i NV™* 1 ?; V ,ital WeaWss, IndigS c t to 5
J Free B00k test . m y Belt . free at, my office, ir you can't ca° 5
• "«. >, >, "«i nd my - b00k ab ° Ut Jt ' frec - Inclose this a? '' J
8 Dr. Mi C. McLav^hlin, 10 ? aw*? «tre5t, 5
Z . v \u25a0 : -- : " ''„. \u25a0•..»-*" Cor. Kearny.. San Francisco. £
0 .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0>, , \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0>... . Offlc e H 0U r3_8 m%:Xa 8:a p ; m- Sundays. 10 to 1. :'\u25a0 tRaynor then asked Admiral Schley . regard
ing: alleged conversations 'with Admiral (then
captain) Evans on July 4 or 5. » . - - ...
"I did have a conversation with him,", re
plied the wltnees, - "but ' I do not remember
whether it was on the 4th or 5th. \u25a0 I would
eay of Captain Evans, as I have said of all the
others, I do not. believe .he would willingly
misstate. I think his recollection is at fault.
He did have, a conversation -with me in rela
tion to shooting the bow off one of the tor
pedo boats and the stern off another, and put
tup his helm to starboard and raking- one ship
and then aport and rakingr another. My recol
lection now is that preliminarily ha said - to
me, 'I>id you see Jack Philip start to run
away?' and I said, 'No,' that he was mistaken.
It was the -Brooklyn that made the turn, and
I asked him if he did not see the tactical ne
cessity for it." - . . . -'. .
Raynor then called , Admiral Sehley*s atten
tion to the testimony of Admiral Taylor, who,
as captain, commanded the battleship In
diana during the battle off Santiago, and Cap
tain Dawson, who commanded the marines en
that vessel, to the \u25a0 effect that the Brooklyn,
when she made the loop, went southward a
mile or a. mile and a halt.
"I think -they are - entirely \u25a0 and 1 absolutely
mistaken," replied the witness. "The Brook
lyn did not pass to the southward of the line
except the distance, perhaps, of her tactical
diameter, which surely was . not greater than
600 yards, and \u25a0 from that time she steered, a
course parallel to the Spaniards, and I- do not
think we were over. 2800 or 2400 yards at any
time from the Spanish -line. I say emphati
cally that the Brooklyn did not run eouth and
any statement to the contrary is a mistake."
The witness stated \u25a0 In reply to . a question
from - Raynor that when he started to the
westward. from Santiago he left the St. Paul
at the latter'placel " *
Admiral Schley then told of how Ms"
papers were boxed up by his secretary for
transmission to the department as the regula
tions require. He turned the box over, to
the department about February 6. He esti
mated that this box .contained all his papers
except the document he had turned over to
the court, namely, a copy of the No. 7 dis
patch
Conversations With Evans.
Reverting to May 31, the day of the recon
nolssajice. Raynor asked the witness if he rec
ollected any signal from the Massachusetts
to the squadron to not go in any closer.- \u25a0\u25a0
"I cannot recall that- signal at all," replied
Admiral Schley. "It . would have been, of
course, unnecessary In view of the fact that no
vessel could have left the line without per
mission from. the flag or comander in chief."
Previous to Admiral Schley taking the stand
Lieutenant Commander Harlow, was called to
correct his testimony. This occupied but a few
minutes, and Admiral Schley took the staad
about 11:10. Raynor's first question related \o
an Incident testified to by Lieutenant Grant of
a melee the ships- got Into on the way from
Cienfuegos to Santiago when they met a
sailing vessel. - _
Admiral Schley replied that he had an in
distinct recollection of the incident. He said
that whenever the squadron stopped it . was
always in conformity with signals previously
made. "If there was any mix-up, as testified
to," he said,' "it must have been the result of
the carelessness of the officer of the deck in
not carrying out the signals of the flagship." •
\u25a0WASHINGTON.. . Oct. . 28.— Soon after, the
Schley court of 'inquiry'' resumed its sitting at
11 o'clock to-day Admiral Schley took the
stand, continuing- his testimony. "When he l«ft
the stand on Friday his examination ' in chief
had been almost concluded, and when he re
sumed to-day it was with the understanding
that after comparatively few questions . had
been asked by Raynor he would be placed in
the hands of Judge Advocate Lemly and
Hanna for cross-examination. Raynor' s ques
tions were again directed toward throwing
light upon disputed points in the controversy,
and most' of them concerned conversations
which' witnesses for the Navy Department had
reported as having had with the admiral.
Lemiy's Questions,
Story of Campaign Not Shaken by
SCHLEY IS CKOSS-EXAMINED
BRUSSELS, Oct. 28.— The Socio to-day
says a serious conflict has taken place
between the soldiers belonging to the gar
rison of Fort "Waeslen, near Malines, and
neighboring peasants. The latter, armed
with spades and pitchforks, repulsed the
soldiers, killing three and wounding a
number of them-
Xatter Are Repulsed "With, a Loss of
Three Killed and Several
Wounded.
PEASANTS AMD SOLDEEBS
MEET IN DEAIXLY CONFLICT
HELENA, Mont., Oct. 28.— Frank Aker
is lying at the' point of death at the City
Jail as the result of vrounds received in a
street duel with Officers Flanuery . - Fara
haxr. and Deputy Sheriff Scharrenbroch
last midnight. Realizing that death was
near, Aker acknowledged he held up a
saloon ojl street Friday night,
masked and single-handed, and compelled
the bartender and six customers to de
liver their valuables. He also admitted
that he robbed a Butte saloon previous to
coming to Helena. He said he had In
tended to bold up another saloon when
the officers appeared and the final shoot-
Ins occurred. . . - •_
Frank Aker, Shot by the Police, Con
feEses to Several Daring
Robberies.
PYDTG HIGHWAYttAN.
T2XIiS OF HIS CRIMES
WASHINGTON, Oct. 2S.— Only one de
cision \ras rendered in the United States
Supreme Court to-day. It was the case of
Kred A. McMasters, administrator of F.
E. HcMasters, formerly a resident of the
State of Iowa. The case involved the
<jues;tions as to whether an insurance pol
icy soes into effect on the date of the ap
plication for it or when the policy is de
livered. In this instance the application
xras made on December 12, 1893, and' tha
policy, was delivered December 26. 1893,
when the premium was paid. Provision
•was made for grace of a month in the
matter of payment of the second policy.
McMasters died January 18, 1E95. six days
after the expiration of the- month of
grace, if it was to be computed from De
cember 12. or eigrht days before its ex
piration, computing it from the 26th of
December, the anniversary of the delivery
cf the premium. The Supreme Court de
cided that the grace began only after the
delivery of the premium, thus holding' the
policy to be good. The opinion of the Cir
cuit Court ol Appeals for the Eighth Cir
cuit was reversed.
IMPOETAOT DECISION
BEABHJG ON mSUBANCE
Policies Only Begin to Bun After the
Payment of the Pre
mium.
time of - the arrival of the flying squadron off
Cienfuegos- and both sides finally settled on
fourteen hours instead 'of thirty-one. .
Lemly then reiterated his question on a basis
of fourteen hours. ; V
"The only reason I can give," said the wit
ness, '"is that she stood directly, across from
Key West to Havana; also that In shore the
current would not be as strong as It was
oft shored Then, probably, she may have
steamed out of . the current after she got
around.?-,- >
Raynor called attention to the fact that the
precept does not require any question cbnoern
ing the movements of the squadron from Key
West to Cienfuegos, but Captain Lemly and
Hanna contended .-that Inquiry in this line is
included in the precept's Instructions to in
vestigate Admiral Schley's conduct generally.
In presenting his objection Raynor spoke of
the "charges against Admiral Schley," but
Captain Lemly replied that there were no
"eharces." .. , . .
The; court retired to consider Ray nor* s sug
gestion and when its members had -returned
Admiral Dewey announced that the question
was in compliance with its decision of this
morning, coming between the of the 19th
.of: May, and the 1st of June. ~ _ . \u25a0
Captain Lemly then began a line of inquiry
to develop the fact concerning the alleged de
lays en route to Cienfuegos, beginning with
the interview between Admiral Schley and Cap
tain^Chester of the Cincinnati. In connection
with this incident Admiral Schley repeated that
he declined to take the Cincinnati alone be
cause he did not feel that he had a right to
take^a;. ship from where she had been placed
by the .commander In chief.
"When did you, first acquire the belief that
the Spanish fleet was at Cienfuegos?" asked
the Judee advocate. • ;"-. • . :
•\u25a0> "That question \u25a0 is difficult to answer, but I
think I became reasonably certain that the
fleet was there after hearing the gun firing on
the afternoon preceding my arrival and after
receiving the new s brought by the Adula from
Kingston." '.- •\u25a0--.. - ' \u25a0 ,.
"Waa there anything in dispatches No. 5 or
No. 7 to Indicate that the Spaniards were at
Cienfuesos?"
.'."There was not." .' s ' . '
'"Why did you not make an effort to ascer
tain whether the Spanish fleet was there?" > -
"I made a distinct effort on May 23 by allow
ing the Adula to. bo in." ;«,
"You regard that as the best effort that could
have beenmade?'^ \u25a0 . ' J. fi . \u25a0•«> , \u25a0 \u25a0 . <
"I do; inasmuch as she was to come out the
dar after." \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0—--\u25a0 — CV»i ,' "i'-- ' '
'"..- The? Witness was then questioned ' as to the
orders he received by the Hawk. , He remem
bered dispatch No. 8 distinctly.
"Whenyou received that 'order why aid you
not proceed to Santiago?" '/;.-•\u25a0 •»\u25a0
"Simply because the order'. was conditional.
When I became satisfied that the fleet was not
at Cienf uegos I was directed to proceed to
Santiago." - ' " ,
Schley's Letter to ; Sampson.
Captain Lemly called Admiral .Schley's at
tention to his letter to Admiral Sampson dated
off Cienfuegos. May*23, and raiding: -
"Sir: In reply to your letl&r. No. 8. I would
state ' that I am by no means satisfied that
the Spanish i squadron is not at Cienfuegos.
The large amount of smoke seen in the harbor
would Indicate the presence of a number of
vessels and under such circumstances It would
seem to .be extremely unwise to chase ud a
probability at • Santiago ' reported by way of
Havana and no doubt as a ruse." |
. j "Does that contain all your reasons for not
proceeding when you received this last dis
patch from Admiral Sampson?"
"Yes. I may have had other reasons, but
I do not now recall them." :
'The Judge advocate asked the "witness as to
why he ' questioned the credibility of some of
the reports concerning 1 the location of the Span
ish fleet which came from Admiral Sampson.
He read^Admiral Schley's statement saying: " :
\u25a0 "We ought to be carefulhow we'receive in
formation from Havana." •
-He' wanted to know why the admiral was
shy- about taking: information from Havana
when i he would accept information brought by
the Adula from Kingston. ' .
"On account . of - the Implied doubt in the
mind of the commander in chief as shown
by the language of his dispatch."
Referring to Lieutenant Hood's memorandum
Admiral Schley said that for one thing he
should have been glad tff know \u25a0 that , Santiago
and Cienfuegos were mined. He did not think
,. "When,' at. 1:45 a. m., May 20, you sighted "a
man-of-war as shown by the Brooklyn's log,"
and cleared for action, what orders had been
issued In conformity with the provisions of the
regulations?" :- \u25a0 \ . : - \u25a0-\u25a0-.•\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0;.. \u25a0-
*- "I should • not \u25a0„ think any : instructions f would
be necessary for a fleet meeting a single vessel
except to smash. her. up." '.'• \u25a0 \u25a0 t
• Captain v : Lemly— Could \ you" tell absolutely
there \u25a0 was . only a single vessel, although ' you
sighted but one? : *»-
Captain Lemly— Do you think you. could sup
ply the captains with a plan of, battle without
writing them? • \u25a0 -, - ' \u25a0':
Raynor— I could not, but I know the admiral
could. - . . ' ' •-.' '
Continuing his examination, .Captain Lemly
asked: \u25a0_. ... \u25a0\u25a0, ".;\u25a0\u25a0;-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0•- ; •: \ \u25a0- . . .
"Do you 'think, admiral, that you can sup
ply every captain. with a plan of battle and
do that at an oreil conference?" asked Captain
Lemly. -•'.-:.. . ' •..,/' \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-. -
"I do not think that is absolutely necessary,"
replied the witness." "There are Instances where
battles have been \u25a0 fought without '„ doing that.
Any plan of battle that might be originated Is
subject to a change; I have never known a
battle that was' ever fought on the plan orig
inally chosen by the commander-in-chief .".-•: .
Raynor— Do any of i the regulations use \u25a0 the
word, "written?" '- - . • : -..
The next article was as follows: "Article
269 — He shall, if possible, before going into
action, communicate to the Juniors in command
his private signals and other information that
will materially assist them if called upon to
exercise command. 1 ' ... \u25a0 ; . ,-'..
"That I do not remember to have complied
with," said the witness. \u25a0 \ A- . \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0;
Captain Lemly -then read article 271, which
provides that the commander-in-chief shall. If
possible, before going into action, supply every
captain with a plan of battle, showing therein
the position each shall occupy. J , _ -
• "Yes," replied . the witness, in reply to Cap
tain Lemiy's- question' if he>had complled^.wlth
that article. "I do - not understand that that
is necessarily written. I. think. that that order
Is sufficiently carried but when a commarraer
ln-chief decides to place his crews in the. order
of ' battle and inform each what he proposes to
&O." -" ":^' -::.-:\u25a0---.",.-- --- -;-, ....
Gives Oral Instructions.
"Yes," responded Admiral Schley. •
Captain Lemly read a number of articles of
the regulations, in each case asking the wit
ness If he had complied with the terma of the
paragraph. -The first paragraph was No. 267
and requires the commander-in-chief when pre
paring his fleet or squadron to meet the enemy
to communicate his general orders, instructions,
private signals and suoh other information as
will enable each so far as possible to under
stand his duty, when in action. and at all other
I. compiled with that." replied the
wltneis. /\u25a0--..
"How and in what manner?", asked Captain
Lemly. : ( ' - • •' ' \,
"By Issuing general orders for th« organiza
tion of the squadron, their .- instructions and
their private signals." .
The witness said he thought he could tell
why the department issued Its order regard
ing the protection of ships from land batter
ies, i when Captain Lemly objected. The court
decided that they did not .-care for this. The
•witness said he was on board the New York,
as well as he could' remember at that timt_.
from a half to three-quarters of an hour. Mr.
Hanna then read two dispatches from the de
partment, dated Washington, May 16, regarding
the reported presence of the SpanUh fleet near
Curacao. 'Captain Lemly asked the witness if
be was famllia r with these dispatches when he
had his conversation with Admiral Sampson.
"Admiral . Sampson merely ' mentioned them
to me," replied the witness. "I had not seen
them." '\u25a0 .<*'-\u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0''• ' ' ..'\u25a0.• . ".." '
Captain Lemly then took up the question of
naval regulations and asked the witness if he
was familiar with them. * • ;.
The witness said he had had no conversation
with Captain Chester about the methods of
blockade. The conversation dealt rather with
the habits and usages of the blockade.
"Did you learn from Captain CWester or Cap
tain McCalla that several gunboats were re
ported at Cienf uegoe?" '\u25a0 . \u25a0 . \u25a0'
"I heard that in Key West. It was the gen
eral report there," replied the witness.
"What official information and instructions
did you get at Key West from the Commander
in-chief?"- asked Captain Lemly. \u25a0
"His orders, of course, to proceed and ' the
conversation I have detailed with him." \u25a0 . '
Protection of Vessels.
"Did Captain Chester inform you that Cap
tain McCalla who came aboard the Cincinnati
had lately been at Cienfuegos in communication
with the insurgents?"
"No." i ., .- ' : . "
"Was it the duty of senior officers to call
for reports or the Juniors' duty to volunteer
themr
•Tne Junior officer Invariably volunteers such
information." *' . ,-
Admiral- Schley was asked why he did not
personally communicate with Captain McCalla
when he met the Marblehead on the way down.
He replied that he saw the auxiliary cruiser
coming down from the Marblehead to com
municate with htm. It was Captain McCalla' s
duty, if he possessed important information, to
communicate it. \u25a0\u25a0 • — .
"We were ten or twelve miles" from the
height of land where the mouth of the harbor
of Cienfuegos was and we stopped until day
light. I . did not care to arrive there in tha
dark." . <
"Why, at 2:33 p. m. May ti, . according to
the log, did you slow to four and a half knots?"
- "I think it was. on account- cf the lire on
board the Scorpion." ' • " ' ! . -• ' I '\u25a0\u25a0
"Why did you stop at midnight, May ., 21,,
before your arrival at Cienf uegoe?" - . * .
'Admiral Schley said he and Admiral Samp
son talked of many things. It was rather a
long conference, and he reiterated that he
could not recall whether Captain Chadwick was
present all the time. The Judge advocate then
Jumped to the communication from i the Mar
blehead, conveyed to Schley. through the Eagle
while the flying squadron was on . its way to
Cienfuegos. The admiral said that . the mes
sage he received was that there was no news
of the Spanish fleet. The Judge advocate then
asked Admiral Schley if " he regarded . as ex
peditious the Journey of the squadron from
Key West to Cienfuegos in view of the in
struction to establish the blockade there with
as little delay as possible. • .'.\u25a0*%'/
Cruisfng as he was in squadron against a
current,- Admiral Schley replied that he dld. J
The Judge advocate asked about the speed
from Charleston to Key West to show that
the speed from Key West southward was not
so" great. He asked why at one stage the ad
miral had signaled to the Massachusetts that
if she could make ten knots It would-be suf-.
flcient. The admiral replied that after three
years it was pretty difficult to tell Just why
a particular, signal had been made when there
was nothing startling to fix it.
"Your speed was two knots less from Key
West to Cienf uegos than from Charleston to
Key West." '
"Apparently yes."
Samuson's Varied' Talk.
"Did Admiral Sampson exhibit- to you any
or all the instructions he had from the Navy
Department?" ' \u25a0 . . ' .." ' ; ' - .
"No. He simply spoke of his "confidential
Instructions from the Secretary of the -Navy."
'On May; 18."
"Yes. I do not think the regulations pro
vide that the order of battle shalKbe reduced
to writing." -\u25a0 . '~~~ >,.
The Judge advocate ' questioned Admiral
Schley as to the identity . of the Cubans who
had informed him at Hampton Roads that the
portion of the Island of Cuba west of Havana
and Cienfuegos was well held by the Spanish
soldiers. He replied that he could .not give
the names; that they were Cubans who had
come to him as commander of the flying squad
ron to give him that information. \u25a0
Schley -was closely questioned as; to who was
present in the cabin of the New York at I Key
West when he talked over the campaign with
Admiral Sampson. Admiral Schley, replied that
Captain Chadwlck had been present part of
the time. . \u25a0 ' .. . \u25a0 . .- '
"When was this?"
Captain Lemly" stated 'that the Iowa left Key
West at U a. m. on May 20. and gained in her
trip about thirty-one : hours on the squadron. \u25a0
He • asked the witness how he accounted for
this, particularly . in tf view; of the. fact . that
the ' Iowa ', had : orders I to show herself off Ha
vana en route.:/. '• " «*> ;.' '-\u25a0. " • ;\u25a0 •• \u25a0 . :
' Before Admiral Schley ' could answer 'this
question Raynor; asked " Captain ' Lemly < where
he got > his figures \u25a0 of thirty-one ' hours. * • - \u25a0 s
"A short discussion then ensued' aa ta Uu
Then Comes a Question of Hours.
"Which was the closer blockade,' at Clenfue
goes-or at Santiago?" ; • . . ..•\u25a0;.. \u25a0 ..
"At Santiago it was closer, on account of the
method used." -, . ' - -.•\u25a0.- ...
"At Cienfuegos did you Usue any plan of
battle in case the Spanish fleet should attempt
to enter or come out? 1 ',.- . .• . - t :>,/. <-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
. "No. vl should 'have relied upon signal." -' I
- - "Tou stated in one of your reports that while
lying \u25a0 off Cienfuegos you feigned disorder in
the squadron In the hope that the Spanish fleet
would come out. Did you. inform the captains
of the squadron of this ruse?". *
"No.J. I think • not. I .talked' with some of
those: aboard the Brooklyn about it."
, "You would have arrived It. Cienfuegos May
21 If you had not been delayed several times on
the way?" \u25a0'\u25a0: V • . ;•» ,
"The delays only made a difference of a few
hours." ..'_' \u25a0. . ' . \u25a0 -.
After recess the Judge advocate reverted to
the confidential orders .received t rom ,• Admiral
Sampson and \ called the witness' attention to
article 269 of 'the regulations, requiring the
commander of. a squadron to communicate his
secret instructions to the captains under him.
"I regarded the instructions as confidential,"
said the witness. ,-r»- ., •• - .: - . . •
- The witness was closely questioned' about the
time of the receipt of the "Dear Schley" let
ter, I which the admiral declared was received
May 22, according to his best recollection.
"But in your letter to the Senate you said
that this letter came to you' on the 23d and
confused the situation." ,
•"That Ib a. fact." \u25a0"-'\u25a0•- - :
"But if it came on the t 22d?" * " ;;'
."As I have stated before. • I wrote the com
munication-to-the-Senate .from memorv. The
point was that at that time I had not received
order No. 8." v ',. - - ' '-v..v
The Judge advocate' then called the attention
of 'the witness to his statement that when he
saw the signals at Cienfuegos he did not un
derstand - them and asked- why - he : made the
statement. . \u25a0 • '•;'.<*' ' •• * . ' -.-.
"Because Admiral Sampson had "stated to m«
unqualifiedly that as soon as -he got the situ
ation better In hand he would advise me.". V
"When did the Iowa arrive at ' Cienfuegos ?""
•• ' 'The : Iowa arrived at Cienfuegos on the 22d
some time in- the • afternoon,' I . think." ?
1 The Judge advocate called' the admiral's at
teritlon to his statement to the Senate that
while oh the bridge of the Brooklyn on the af
ternoon of May . 21, being then about thirty
miles from Cienfuegos, he heard big 'guns fired
with the regularity • of a salute. The admiral
stated that he remembeVed the incident dis
tinctly. He did not know the exact distance.
He did not consult the log. ,
"Does not the log show that you were forty
five miles from the: harbor?" . . :- \u25a0 \u25a0
"I do not know.";'"' •*-•'' "\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0'.:'.
The admiral proceeded "to explain" that the
communication sent to the Senate was got up
hurriedly and largely from memory in the clos
ing days of the session and he may have made
some slight mistakes. »'_:• "• : I \u25a0'\u25a0 \u25a0'\u25a0'•- * ' <-
In 'answer to a question from/ Captain Lemly
regarding \u25a0' the order, "Clear ship for action,"
Admiral Schley explained' that the ships. were
practically cleared for action all the time, but
there was always a certain amount of . para
phernalia aboard the ships to 'prevent persons
falling overboard. or awnings which had' to be
removed and that was what he had in mind
when *he signaled to "Clear ship for action." 1 I
Closer Blockade. -.
; "Although we did not go, in during the night
I considered V that - we arrived: off Cienfuegos
May 21." < '.<.,'. . — ,
. "When did you first see the entrance to Cien
fuegos?" \u25a0..'.* \u25a0 ' • ' \u25a0 \u25a0 . . - .• • ;
. "A little after, daylight May 22." '\u25a0' :-•*.
."In your report you say that the Iowa-ar
rived oft Cienfuegos May-. 22, although . she
started a day later. Did \u25a0 she not arrive only
about five hours after the squadron?" ..
The Judge advocate then asked the witness
whether between the. date to which the court
had 'restricted the examination he had, accord
ing to article 271 of. the regulations, furnished
each captain with a plan of battle. -.
"Verbally, .yes." ' - .• n ' •; ...
"But'not in writing?" - •
- ''I did not think the regulations requlred.lt"
, "Did you communicate to your captains your
confidential instructions from Admiral Samp
son not to expose your ships to land batteries
before the destruction of the Spanish fleet?!',
"I did not because I. regarded them as con
fidential." . . - .. ' *
Verbal Plans of Battle.
"The. court decides that" all questions to be
asked of the applicant shall be confined to be
tween May 19 and- June. .1, relative to. the or
ganization,' -and control. of that
squadron, when he. was actually commander-ln
chief.'" : '..v =\u25a0• --•--'.\u25a0 -•\u25a0'\u25a0- \u25a0 \u25a0• \u25a0 .: -, ;•. - -
"I think.", he said, "that "follow the flag" la
an order of battle. . How often has the signal,
'Follow the flag,' been given? The only signal
Nelson ever gave at Trafalgar was that 'Eng
land expects every man to do his duty.' " . .
Captain Lemly asked Raynor if he was con
fining himself to July 3, In regard to the plan
of battle. A \u25a0: • v. ,'•\u25a0.\u25a0: . , .. z
"What order," asked Raynor, "could' Admiral
Schley give between June 1 and July 3?"
"He was going out to meet, the enemy," said
Captain : Lemly, "and '.. we , contend, that under
those i circumstances : he should' nayetfiad a pre
scribed alternative order of battle. •>• .This whole
matter 'has gone right through the entire pro
ceedings, as to whether> he had " a prescribed
order- of battle • In writing and distributed to
the fleet under his command, and it belongs to
that clause of the precept, 'Conduct during the
Santiago campaign.'" . ' \u25a0'\u25a0'-, '\u25a0"\u25a0 '-,\u25a0\u25a0
The court at this point of the discussion re
tired for consultation: •:-\u25a0 ' .v. '."\u25a0 v. " \ •'• ':\u25a0'
Upon returning Admiral Dewey. stated their
decision as follows: •• • -''/ '"'•.". ' - - •*, :V,
At this point Raynor, addressing himself to
Captain Lemly,' said he did not want to object
to this line of questioning-, but there was no
specification which called for it. ' . • ' -.-'. \u25a0;•-\u25a0
"I wish to submit to ,the Judge- advocate as
well as. to the court," he said, "that. here Is
a section of the naval regulations which says,
'He shall, if possible, before going into 'action,
supply every captain with a plan of battle, and
assign thereon* the position each shall occupy.'
There Is no specification: here that he has dis
obeyed any regulation of the navy. I am con
fident that if he had disobeyed them they would,
have, been in the specification because they In-,
elude almost everything In relation to the whole
controversy. -Ido not see. the word 'written' In
instruction in any of them, i I suppose there
must be some discretion left- to a man In com
mand of a fleet. Admiral Schley could not sup-'
ply a plan of battle at Key West or Cienfuegos
that took place before Santiago. . When was
the time to supply it? He could not supply it
on July 2. . He had no right to supply it. There
was not a moment of time between June 1 and
July 3 that he had a right to supply any plan
of. action.- That is the point I wish to make.
Naval regulations of doubtful import and am
biguous phraseology are brought in here."
Raynor said that the question of naval regu
lations had not been brought -to the attention
of Admiral Schley: that they had no oppor
tunity to bo into it. , r.) - »-.-\u25a0.;-.- .
Ambiguous Phraseology.
"As I 'only saw one smoke, I presumed, of
course, there was but one vessel. Subsequent
ly we . raised the Vesuvius, - which was very
much lower, in the water." ; \ .
Captain Lemly— As a matter of fact,, there
was more than one vessel? ; '••". . .- •.-•
' 'JThere were two vessels ;' that was developed
later." •,;,•; . .\u25a0 .. . ' - - \u25a0/-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0,- • ,. . .
. "Others tnijfht have been developed : in . the
same way?" " \u25a0 ' ' '\u25a0••' ""\u25a0 •
' "If^they had I should have pitied them. "If
they had been separated they would have per
mitted themselves to be knocked to pieces."
RAYNQR called Admiral Schley's attention to the testimony of Admiral Taylor,. who, as
captain, commanded the battleship Indiana during the battle.off Santiago,- and Cap :
tain Dawson, who commanded the marines on that vessel, to trie effect that the Brook
lyn, when she made the loop, went southward a mile or a mile . and a half. " \u25a0 '.*
- , "I think they are entirely and absolutely mistaken.'' replied \u25a0 Admiral .Schley. "The
Brooklyn did not pass to the southward of the ; line except the-distarice perhaps .of hertacti
cal diameter, which surely was not greater than six hundred yards, and from that time she
steered a course parallel to the Spaniards, and I do not thinkVwe were over- 2300 or 2400
yards at any time from the Spanish line: I say emphatically that ' the Brooklyn v did .not run
south, and any statement to the • contrary 'is a \u25a0mistake."-— Extract: - from the testimony <^
Admiral Schley. " - • :; . v : - -,-..;:.'.' . ;
As a large portion of the army is stA
tioned in the western part of this United
States and over half west of the Pacific
Ocean. General Miles recommends the es
tablishment of a military post in South
ern California. He also recommends the
establishment of a war college in the city
of Washington.
General Miles refers to a number cf"
recommendat'ons which he made in for
mer reports looking to the improvement
of the condition of the army; also to or
ders he has issued during the year to ac
complish this purpose, i He speaks espe
cially of the experienc*, intelligence and
efficiency of the troops of the Unite!
States and the success tney have had '.n
China and the Philippines, and says they
have borne the rigors of the Arctic cli
mate in Alaska and the heat of the
tropics, and under all circumstances
maintained the character of the Ameri
can army. He recommends that the mili
tary posts throughout the country be put
in excellent shape for troops that are re-»
turned from service beyond the seas.
While Congress has made ample provision for
the management of military affairs In the or
ganization of the army, whereby the companies,
regiments, brigade*, divisions and departments
are made the units of administration and by
statute has clothed the officials not only -with
executive authority but with judicial powers
and responsibility, yet the tendency has been
to absorb and usurp the entire conduct of the
military establishment in the city of Washing
ton, and especially in the staE departments.
This has been found most injurious in other
armies and is one of the principal defects in
our own system. The evil has been Increasing
during the activities of the wars of the last
three years to an extent that, in my Judgment,
requires serious consideration, and I recommend
that decentralization be effected as far as pob
eible and that all proper and lawful authority
be restored to eubordinate commanders who are
provided with an efficient organization and who
\u25a0 can be safely Intrusted with responsibility for
the efficient and faithful administration of
military affairs commensurate with their im
portant commands.
General Miles does not approve of the
present organization of the artillery
corps, saying that it establishes another
bureau in Washington. He believes in
the former regimental organizations*.
Speaking of the army canteen, which is
abolshed by the army reorganization law,
he says that no injury has resulted, and
in the main the law has been beneficial.
General Miles states his objections to
the management of military affairs in the
War Department in the following lan
guage :
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.— Lieutenant
General Miles, in his annual report, gives
the "otal strength of the army at pres
ent at S4.513. of which number 33,S74 are
In the United States; 43,238 in the Philip
pines; 4?14 in Cuba, and ths remainder in
small detachments being in Porto Rico,
Hawaii, China and Alaska. He says it
is expected that the force In Cuba will
be very much reduced and hopes that the
force iu the Philippines also can be re
duced.
The crowd present to-day, while hardly
so large as on Friday last, when Admirai
Schley told the story of the battle of
Santiago, showed unabated interest in the
proceedings. Nothing sensational devel
oped, ana the only outburst in the court
occurred when Raynor, Admiral Schley's
counsel,. objected to a line of inquiry. 01
the judge advocate designed to - criticise
Admiral Schley's alleged failure to form
ulate a plan of battle, witn the declara
tion that as Admiral Sampson was in
command, the junior haa no right to plan
an order of battle.
Admiral Schley concluded his direct ex
amination, which occupied only about ten
minutes after the court convened this
morning, with a statement of the effect
of th« fire of the respective* ships, show
ing that 36 per cent of the hits suffered
by the enemy were 'scored by the Brok
lyn's live-inch guns, while his ship re»
ceived 75 per cent of the hits from the
Spanish ships. \u25a0 - -
Captain Lemiy's cross-examination was
very searching. Admiral Schley, how
ever, appeared to be unruffled throughout
the examination, frankly admitting on
several occasions that he could not re
member little details after the lapse of
three years. One line of inquiry which
the judge advocate tried to press to show
that Admiral Schley did not proceed
"with dispatch" from Key West to Cien
fuegos, • by attempting to ' contrast the
speed between Charleston and Key West
and between Key West and Cienfuegos,
was curtailed by a decision of the court,
which confined the questions to the time
subsequent to May 19, the date on whicli
the flying squadron Key West. The
judge advocate in His cross-examination
dwelt upon the interview between Admi
rals Sampson and Schley at Key West
before the departure of the flying squad
ron, at which the latter testified that Ad
miral Sampson Instructed him not to ex
pose his ship3 to shore batteries until
the Spanish fle<;t had been destroyed; on
the fact that Admiral Schley issued no
written order of battle: on the question
of coaling off Cienfuegos and the steps
Schley took there to ascertain the pres
ence of the Spanish fleet. He was cross
examining the witness upon matters con
nected with the cruise of' the squadroi
from Cienfuegos to Santiago \u25a0 when tho
court adjourned. The retrograde move
ment, the firing upon the Colon and the
battle of Santiago, which constitute tho
main features of the precept, . were not
touched upon to-day. .-
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28— The
cross-examination of Admiral
•Schley began to-day before
the court of inquiry, and
hardly more than a third o?
the ground was covered when the court
adjourned at 4 o'clock,:. After Admiral
Schley concludes to-morrow, two other
witnesses will be called in his behalf, Ad
miral Barker and Captain Thomas Bor
den. The latter was an officer of the Ma
rine Corps aboard the v Brooklyn. The
judge advocate will then call his wit
nessed in rebuttal, of whom there are un
derstood to be more than fifteen, and it is
probable that Admiral Schley's , counsel
will call witnesses on rebuttal. .
ADMIRAL SCHLEY IS POSITIVE
THE BROOKLYN DID NOT RUN SOUTH
Recommends Establishment
of a Post in Southern
California.
LONDON, Oct. 28.— At the resumption
of the sitting of the South African Com
pensation Commission to-day, Major Gen
eral Sir John C. Ardagh, on behalf of the
Government, announced that all claims of
foreign countries had been settled dlpU*
matically, with the exception oi vav»*
of the Netherlands ana .France, as fol
lows: • ,
The United States, £6000; Austria, £15.
000; Germany, £50,000; Russia, £4100; Italy
£12,000; Spain, £150; Sweden and Norway.
£1000; Switzerland, £250; Belgium, £300.
and Denmark, JS25O.
It is expected that the claims of Franca
and the Netherlands will be settled this
week. , '
.General Ardagb. said the Government
has consented *o an amicable settlemenc
on the ground that the claimants haU
suffered individual hardships and loss for
which they were entitled to considera
tion, although they might fail to substan
tiate legal claims. The sums awarde-I
will be distributed to the claimants, by
their respective governments.
Newton Crane, who represents the
United States before the commission, re
gards the settlement as most favorable
for the American claimants, of whom.
there are only fifteen. The average, after
the expenses are deducted, will be £333
for the_Americans, against £63 for th-a
claimants of other countries. All the
American claimants will not share equal
ly, as some of them have not been natu
ralized and others have fought for the
Boers.
"The terms are generous," said Crane,
"inasmuch as no court would have com
pelled Great Britain to pay the money."
The amount is 14 per cent of the claims,
while the award under the treaty o'
Washington to British subjects who suf
fered through the Civil War was 3 per
cent. . :
struct your captains to look out for the Span
ish fleet en router'
"I do not. recall that I did, 'but orders were
usually signaled to keep a bright lookout and
be in readiness." . .
"Did you before meeting the scouts off San
tiago contemplate going to the coast of Hayti?"
asked Captain Lemly. - x
"No; I did not."
"You had up to that time Intended to go
"I had thought that would be one of the
rendezvous we might have to resort to outside
of marine limits." .
"Do you remember any message megaphoned
to any one before leaving Cienfuegos about
going to Hay ti T' •
• "I do not recollect any."
"I will make It more explicit, and say about
goin.5 to Gonalves Bay?" -
"I do not remember megaphoning that mes
sage at all." \u25a0 ' • - ,
"Did you ask the department by telegrapn
to have the colliers sent to your*
"Yes. I did; and they replied they would
"Why did you want colliers there If you did
not intend to coal?"\.
"I would have sent perhaps two ships, one
ship more probably, at a, time, because I did
not believe we would be able to solve the. prob
lem of coaling In the open sea." .
"You say one vessel at a time. TV as that
on account of the contracted «oom of the har
"I did not Intend to go into Gonaives Bay.
Captain Cotton informed me that only smalt
vessels could coal there. I intended to coal
off the coast outside the marine limit. M7
lmpresslcn is now that Captain Cotton reported
to me and the purport of the information I
gave the department waa that the harbors were
contracted and would admit of, the coaling only
of smaller Bhips.". " - . .
"Did not he say large vessels could coal
there, but not more than one at a time?"
"He may have said that In his evidence, but
I do not remember that he communicated that
to me in any interview. I sent a telegram
about that time which I think will make the
matter clear. My recollection of that com
munication now is that It referred entirely ! to
the coaling of smaller vessels. I do not see
here (looking at the log he held in his hand),
however that any reference is made to the
Hayti coast \u25a0 in the telegram of May , 28. The
reason I say that is because the impression
left by the communication of Captain Cotton
upon my mind was . that the ports of both
Gonaives and Mole St. Nicholas. Haytl (I
never had been in either), were so contracted
that nothing but small \u25a0 vessels could' coal
Captain Lemly— May 23. This was after ths
turn back from the westerly movement?"
"Yes. but this was something I do not really
remember. Just the time when this communica
tion waa made (reading) 'We wiH.then. go to
Gonaives or coast near or in the vicinity of
Port au Prince to coal.' That was after w»
had repaired the collier and had gone back
to Santiago." • \u25a0
Captain Lemly— You indicated several places
In that telegram your purpose to coal at
Gonaives?" . ."
"Well, when our coal supply was reduced
so as to forQe us." ~
"Then you concluded you could coal at
Gonaives?"
••There is a. mere play upon words between
the 'port* and the 'coast.* '" -
The admiral, in- reply to Captain Lemly, fur
ther said that he had said nothing In his dis
patch of' May 29 about taking one vessel at
a time to Hayti for coaL '..- ; •
"That goes without saying." he added. . "be
cause when one Is blockading a port he could
not entirely abandon it and take all his ships
away to coal them at one time. Evidently
only one vessel would have been taken away
at a time for coaling purposes." • .
At 4 o'clock the court adjourned.
Some of the American Claim
ants Have Not Been
\ xNaturalizsd.
Hood had boarded the Adula — at' any rate he
had not given him (the admiral) any mem
orandum on that subject
"Did you' really" believe that If Cervera was
in the harbor he" would allow the Adula to
come out?" asked- Captain Lemly.
"I thought that would depend upon the ex
ertion that might be • put forth in her. behalf
by the captain's Consul."
'.'Did you make any" effort to -communicate
with the \u25a0 insurgents on May 23 or May 24 be
fore the arrival of the Marblehead?" ;
"Nor I sent the Marblebead into the harbor.
I regarded that as the best method for ascer
taining whether the fleet was inside."
"When did the Marblehead arrive?"
, "About 8 a. m., May 24."
The judge advocate then asked a series of
questions to develop the state of the weather
on May 24. Various officers had testified that
they boarded the Brooklyn in small boats.. The
witness testified that there . was a heavy
swell on. _ • .
"When Captain McCalla gave you the in
formation with regard to the Spanish fleet not
being In Cienfuegos did you determine to leave
for Santiago that day?"' •
-"I think I did. That is my impression. I
remember to have sent a dispatch in which I
said that I might leave in the morning. I had
in view at that time the sending of the Scor
pion, which I had sent . east feeling that she
might bring me some necessary information."
"Here Is your letter of May 24, in which you
say:. 'I have ascertained from the insurgents
that the Spanish fleet is not In this port. As It
is not found practicable to coal the Texas here,
I shall proceed to-morrow for Santiago, being
embarrassed by the Texas' short coal supply
and our Inability to coal In the open sea.' That
Is correct is it not?" >
"Yes; I said that."
"In a dispatch that you sent to Commodore
Bemey, dated May. 24,,-you said: 'I shall move
eastward to-morrow, as is Indicated in a tele
gram to Commodore Remey, for the Secretary
of : the Navy, • so you will know my where
abouts during next week." " •
"That's right. I recollect that."
/Anticipates Difficulty. ..
In reply to a question " Admiral Schley said
he felt that there would be greater difficulty In
coaling- off Santiago than there .was at Cien
fuegos. . ;:.,.•". '"
• "You anticipated difficulty, then, in coaling
at Santiago?"
."-'.'Undoubtedly: "In June, we coaled consider
ably, there, but on one occasion we cast off
after coaling for an hour or so. As our ex
perience increased we got on better, and,
furthermore, the later colliers were better
arranged than the former.-"
"There are some difficulties about coaling at
sea generally, are there not?"
"There are, and I think ws met them."
\u25a0• "Did you consult any of -your captains about
coaling on the 26th?" . • \u25a0'
\u25a0 "I did not. I preferred to act upon my own
Judgment," .
"Was there any time after your arrival at
Cienfuegos, except ' May 25th and 20th, when
some vessel did not take coal?" .
"On the 27th and 2Sth some vessels coaled,
also on the 31st, but I do not recall about the
29th and 30th." * , . • .
"Had you less coal when you arrived off
Santiago than you had expected to have?"
"I don't know but I had, on account of the
limited supply of the scout boats I found
there." "% • \u25a0 ••\u25a0 . • \u25a0 -
"The scout ships were self-supporting In the
matter of coal, were they not?''
"I don't know what you mean, unless it Is
that they could have made It longer."
"J. mean to cruise around from point to point
and get It. Did they rely at any time upon the
colliers of the squadron to supply them with
coal?"
" "Yes.- sir."
"In view of the idea you had of preserving
the squadron as a unit, why did you detach
the Eagle?"
"Simply because she was an impediment. I
did not think it possible to coal her In that
state of the weather. I used to consider my
self weather-wise, now I find I am sometimes
Otherwise." (Laughter.)
"Tou testified that you received a signal from
Lieutenant Boutherland that the Eagle was
dangerously short of coal/'
- "I think the message was by megaphone."
"How much coal did he have then?" ,
. "I do not remember. Southerland was very
solicitous. A day's . coal, probably, perhaps
five tons." '>•
"Why did you not tow the Eagle?"
"Because It would have been- for an indefinite
time." \u25a0 \u25a0 .
"But you were approaching- Santiago?"
"Yes." • ..... i- .\u25a0.'•.. -\u25a0\u25a0 '
"How far away was Santiago?" -••
"Perhaps fifty or sixty miles."
\u25a0 The Judge advocate then read from the log
of the Eagle to show that on May 26 (the day
she was detached) . she had 'twenty-eight tons
of icoal aboard. . • • .
. 'TVhy did you not take the Eagle. Vixen ard
Merrimac in tow and push on to Santiago?"
"Because in my opinion at ten knots, the
auxiliaries would have gone -under."
"Why not abandon them and -push on with
your fighting force to .'Santiago, appointing a
rendezvous for the other, vessels?"
"Because, in my opinion that woud have
been poor military policy. It would not do
to abandon auxiliaries where they might have
been picked up by the enemy.. Such a course
would have been censurable."
To Intercept the Enemy.
Asked why. If he believed the enemy's ves
sels had. left Santiago before he left Cienf uegos,
he had not dispersed his. vessels more widely
in order to intercept them, the admiral said
that that was a military 'disposition about
which there might be reasonable difference of
opinion. Such a .disposition, would, have ren
dered' the smaller vessels more liable to at
tack. \u25a0 .-'\u25a0 • ' \u25a0 .
"Why did you not steam In line?"
"That would hare been the weakest possible
formation. My plan was to keep the ships
constantly In order of battle." - \
:"Did you. -In your western movement. In-
One Outburst Occurs in the Court of Inquiry When Schley's TJoiinsei Objects to Judge Advocate's
Line of Questioning Designed to Criticize the Former ComlTiddore's Alleged Failure to Form
a Plan of Battle— This Is Met With- the? Declaration That \u25a0 Sajnpson i Was in Command
Settles Claims of.Tho3e
Who Suffered Loss
[ | by Boer. War.
HERO OF THE NAVAL BATTLE OFF SANTIAGO
COMPLETES THE NARRATIVE OF HIS CAMPAIGN
Objects to Management'
of Affairs by War
Department.
ENGLAND MAKES
GENERAL TERMS
MILES REPORTS
ON ARMY NEEDS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL; TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29^ 1901.
Eetard Sale of Danish. "West Indies.
•.COPENHAGEN, Oct. 28.— The slowness
in the negotiations between the Govern
ment and L». S. Swenson. United States
Minister, with regard to the sale of the
D&r.ish West Indies, fs attributed to the in
fluence of a member of the royal family
closely connected with the commercial in
terests which started the agitation
against the sale. The efforts to retard
the negotiations will be . renewed. f \u25a0
Flagship New York Sails for Cavite.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.-The Navy De
partment has been informed of the de
parture to-day of Rear Admiral Rodgera
aboard the flagship New York from Cata
balcgan, island of Samar, for.Cavlte. It
alsG has been informed of the departure
of Hear Admiral Kempff aboard his flag
ship, the Kentucky, from Woosung for
Nanking.
Football Player Dies Prom Injuries.
i COLUMBUS. Ohio; Oct. 28.— John Se
ferlst. center rush of the Ohio State Unl
"jrersity football team, died to-day from
Injuries received here Sunday afternoon
in the game with Western Reserve. He
vae caught during a mass play and his
body eo twisted that his spine was frac
tured. He was paralyzed from the shoul
4er» down from th« time of the accident.
Jealousy Causes Murder and Suicide.
HOT SPRINGS, S. D., Oct. 28.— In a fit
of jealous rage Luther Esteele, a. colored
man, shot and. instantly killed Clyde Mc-
Mains, a white ir.an, and also shot and
critically wounded May Berry, a whit6
girl.. Esteele then shot him6elf, dying at
once. AH were employed at the Evans
Hotel. Mcllalns and. the girl were sitting
together on the veranda, of the hotel when
Esteele rushed on them and began shoot
ing. .' . - \u25a0
The admlra! then, by permission of the court,
reverted to his narrative of Friday and, spoke
of the hits oa the Spanish . squadron,'. The
Brooklyn, he testified, was the only ship carry
ing five-Inch guns. A record of the hits re
ceived by the enemy showed that thirty-six
per cent of the hits -.scored by the American
fleet came from those suns', on the Brooklyn.
The Brooklyn received thirty of the forty-two
hits from the Spanish fleet, or about seventy
per cent. I • .
With this statement AdmlraJ Schley con
cluded his direct testimony and the Judg» ad
vocate then began the cross-examination. Ad
miral Schley . was asked first about the con
sultation with the commanders at Hampton
Roads before the flying squadron sailed to the
southward. In reply. Admiral Schley said
that Captains Hlgeinson, Jewell, Sands, Cook
and Marix were present. ~ He explained that
they had ditcussed the order of battle In case
the Spanish, fleet was met and also the ques
tion of place~"below the warheads of the over-,
water torpedoes. • . • • « '. . ':
\u25a0"Was there any other consultation' with the
captains?*' —
"yes, off Santiago, for the purpose-. of ' ex
plaining the formation of the blockade and the
method of attack In case we -met the Spanish
fleet." •'\u25a0'"\u25a0.- •\u25a0.\u25a0-•.•\u25a0'"\u25a0.•
"Was there any prescribed order of battle In
writing?":-. — • \u25a0-»'\u25a0' -* , - -
"I did not "consider It necessary. We would
fight the ships by. signal." . -' •-•*-*<'
"\u25a0Was* there time. to place the order of battle
la writinr?". \u25a0\u25a0•( \u25a0- - -\u25a0:,-• "\u25a0'
Hits on the Spanish. Ships.
3
" " " - frLaw a I J«vEjq 1 Time and again we have had custom- I Z 1 1
\u25a0" " \ My?yI a \u25a0 V >M& '"\u25a0" I ers come '" anc * as^ * n a half-interested ".Z'.' m
: '.- - \ \u25ba\u25a0cj^ j jf v^iftiAp ! - i r I s°rt of a way, "Let me see those made-
E: : e^\i l^H^S^^^^SmS^t— "-- I ith order one of the ° suits » and in a zzll
= = :::: 1 So ' if you think that *th>-suits are :5^
-r : ' f /\ WiW^ffljiW" ''fi2j lfflltt^l*L ~ ;;: I not-much because the price is low you :IZCi
rE : \G) MllBPil^* 1^"^!!!!" : — : : + 1 are 2 rea tly mistaken, and we would like pfp
~ • f '\u25a0' ffllli ' : -- I to- prove it to you. Ask for some sam« , -~y
~ ' \iJ :^ :<:^^^^^^ ::^^ --- Suits satisfactorily made for
-- /^T lSBrak bmIIb =cv ~ — ! out-of-town customers through our -\u25a0. —
-- ' |T^-lfc<- K *w>-i/^^i^k. " mPm ""* 1 se lf-~ nieasur i n £ system. Write for ~~"
r- \u25a0 ** =:^ vx -^-y i; -^JiBffl^ lllilj Z'.'.\ samples and self -measuring blank. - —
T ! '•<.'.'.".> '~^^ 3t^w^*s^S> ~-- L '718'Market St. and Cor. Powell enf. Eddy. ;> . \u25a0---"The Iron Trades Council respectfully warns the public not to
subscribe or pay any money to person or persons not bearing duly
indorsed credentials from our organization; and also desires to as
sure its friends that it is not in politics, and that any money paid
to our proper representative will be used solely for the support of
our members who have been bravely battling for their rights for
over five months past Gratefully acknowledging past favors and
trusting for a continuance of your kind support, we are
. ••WTLLIAM: McCABE, President.
'•Iron Trades Council,
"D. McLENNON, Secretary-Treasurer."
"Whereas, It has come to the attention of the Iron Trades
Council of this city that, certain unauthorized persons are using its
name and soliciting money in connection with municipal politics
stating- that such money- was to be used in aiding- members now
out on strike, and • r» . .'-.
"Whereas, Such persons have no authority whatever to use
our name or to collect money in. our behalf;
The Iron Trades Council, in the. following resolutions adopted
at a regular meeting', warns the public against unauthorized solic
itors:
NOT A POLITICAL ORGANIZATION.
This site Mr. Sutro in his lifetime offered to
purchase for $20,000. That, ladies -and gentle
men. Is the ; difference between the'way-busi
ness is done under the new administration and
how. it was : done under the old administration.
We propose" to buy a site for -$12,000 that' was
appraised by Mr. Baldwin- and other real estate'
agents at $15,000. And the old administration
proposed to buy for $13,000 a rock which is ap
praised'to-day at not more than ; $500.'*' ' " ,.t \u25a0
Now, I wilt give you another instance. • Some
years ago the franchise of one of the railroads
In the Western Addition was about to expirp.
A man in -this city, a capitalist, who. owned
the' railroad at the time, wished to secure a
renewal of the franchise. He went to the man
who controlled the Board of Supervisors at
that time— and you all know him, his name is
famous, and Infamous, too— and he said to
that man: "I want this franchise renewed.
What can I get it for?" And he said to him—
this story was told to me the other day by the
man who made the proposition, tfce- capitalist
who owned the road — and the man who con
trolled the , board said to him: ."I will renew
Did they fail to take advantage of it as an
opportunity for stealing the public funds?. No.
it was proposed to buy Mission Rock, a deso
late rock about a mile from the shore • of
Butchertown, which was worth at most about
$500. It is a rock about fifty feet square, stand
ing alone, open to the winds, in the middle of
the bay. They proposed to pay for that rock,
worth $500, the sum of {15,000. Where was the
$14,500 to go, ladies and gentlemen? It was to
go Into the- same capacious maw that has swal
lowed millions of the dollars raised in 'this city
and county by taxation, and the many, many
millions of dollars raised besides . by: the cor
rupt bribery of corporations. We came .into of
flce, gentlemen, when that scheme was almost
carried out, but at the last moment it was ex
posed. It was exposed in the press, there was
an outcry on. the part of the Merchants' Asso
ciation, on the part of the capitalists interested,
ana the thing was stopped. We came into of
fice and the same subject was raised. How did
we provide for it? The Merchants' Association
proposed to us a site which they said could be
purchased for $15,000. We chose three reputable
real estate agents to appraise that site. They
appraised it at $15,000. We were not satisfied.
We made a provision in the budget for the pur-,
chase of that site for $12,000. and last week the
sale was about completed at that figure.
Business Methods.
Ladles and Gentlemen: I see that I have been
quoted as making a speech at the banquet at
notes and in addition to my other misfortunes
I had the misfortune to lose them.
Mr. Brandenstein has spoken to you of the
old order of things and the new order which
the charter inaugurated and which we, the
first officials under the new administration, did
our best to carry out. I will give you an ex
ample under the old order of things: For some
time It was a crying shame in the city of San
Francisco that there was no adequate accom-*
modation for any person the victim oi a con
tagious disease. The habitation that was af
forded them was unfit for the habitation of a
dog. To make the necessary improvement it
Was determined to buy a new site for a pest
house. Now this, ladies and gentlemen, is a
subject that' should have appealed to the heart
of any man, no matter, how calloused it might
have been; no matter how hardened it might
have been by political life, by political . cor
ruption and by political debauchery.,
' The Pesthouse Job.' '-- - "*
There was a sigh of relief on the stage
where the candidates sat when the sud
ject was dropped without the mention of
Herrin's name.- Throughout his speech
Mr. Shortridge spoke as If he really sup
posed that the Republicans had some
thing to siay In the nomination of the Re
publican ticket. He did not tell his hear
ers that the delegates to the convention
were never consulted about the nomina
tions. . The gifted, but forgetful, orator
failed to tell his -hearers that Wells got
his nomination from D. M. Burns and W.
P. Herrin.
In closing his address. Mr. Shortridge
Introduced the Herrin-Burns candidate
for Mayor. Here Is the language used by
Mr. Wells:
Give Sigh, of Belief.
band, and a- deal of preliminary
whooping-up attracted an audience. • The
main floor of the hall and some of the
seats in the gallery were occupied when
the meeting was called to order by
Thomas D. Riordan, who introduced
"The Colored Trio of the Forty-third
Assembly District." Horace Wilson, who
was chosen to preside, j introduced Sam
uel M. Shortridge as Charles M., but cor
rected the error in a second edition of his
remarks. «In his eloquent address Sam
uel paid a tribute to the heroism of. the
colored troops at San Juan hill. In fur
ther discussion of local affairs he pre
dicted the nomination of Theodore Koose
.velt for the Presidency In 1304.
In extolling the administration of
Henry T. Gage, the orator mentioned the
appointment by the Governor of several
citizens to consider plague conditions.
The names of John P. -Young-. Fremont
Older, Henry T. Scott and T. T. "Williams
were recollected, but one name slipped
the memory of the orator. At least he
told the audience that there was one he
did not think of. Everybody on tb,e in
side knew that "William F. Herrin was
the man whose name ihe orator could not
rtien pronounce. The candidates, who are
"getting on to their jobs," did not prompt
the forgetful Sam.
B- Y permission of his managers,
Asa R. "Wells made another
speech at B'nai B'rith Hall last
evening.. Two bonfires, a brass
-I wish to call attention to a- few figures X,.
will now repeat: The salaries of the Assessor's
offlce of San Francisco have I been reduced
from $107,000 to- $84,000. Remember all that As
sessor Dodge has done- for .you. and In spite
of that fact he has \u25a0' reduced his salary ro'l
$23,000, and we, of course, being part of the
city government, claim part of that. The cost
for subsistence of prisoners has been reduced
from $56,000 to $40.ono. The offlce of game
warden, at an expense of $1400, has been abol
ished. The city lights, costing $326,000. have
been reduce.! to $254,000. a saving of $72 Oyt.
Notwithstanding that fact the city was never
5?.. well . Us £. te<1 ,« as J. t ls at P r «ent. and In ad
dition to the lighting of the city we hav«
Mr. Chairman, ladies and: gentlemen: I am
not able to appear to you In very stirring words
this evening. I have traveled over the entire
city to-day, and In addition to the physical ex
ertion I lost the few notes that I had prepared
on my way here.
I am told that in an afternoon paper, which I
never read — not that the reading of it would
disturb my equanimity of temper, but because
it does not print any news (laughter)— I am
told that this afternoon paper reprinted a story
from the Examiner— to which the Examiner,
by the way. was fair enough to append my de
nial — I am told that this statement is repeated
in an afternoon paper, the reputation of -which
is entlrely(?) established, and the proprietor,
whose character for honesty, integrity and im
peccability la so well established it would do
me no harm to deny. Conscious as I am. ladies
and gentlemen, of all these things, I tUink it
will do me no harm to deny absolutely, wholly
and completely the entire story.
It is false in whole, it is false in part. The
very fact that I voted for the passage of thfs
bill, the very fact that it was passed by the
entire Board of Supervisors without a dissent
ing voice, is answer enough to this. This is
the statement of a thing without honor, a thing
that creeps, a thing without honesty. Gen
tlemen, this is the statement of a thins that
has grown fat and loathsome upon blackmail.
Gentlemen. I cannot soil my hands nor my
tongue further to-night. . I shall allude no
further to such people. I hold them in the con
tempt which their base character merits;.
We say," have we done well or ill' by the citi
zens? If we have done well. - then you - must
support us. -whether you are Republicans or
whether you are Democrats. If we^have no'.
then you must discharge us. no matter what
our party affiliations maybe. •*..* ".
Pioneer Hall, where Tobin next ap
peared, was packed as It has seldom
been before. .Every seat was occupied,
the entrances were crowded, and the
overflow reached well out to the side
walk. \u25a0 He spoke as- follows: --
Enthusiastic Reception.
that franchise to you for 140,000." What could
he do? If he did not get his franchise re
newed the Market Street Railway Company—
I believe that corporation waa then, in exist
ence, the largest street railway corporation —
would ha.ve purchased that franchise for a
great deal more than $40,000 from the ring in
the Board of Supervisors. All he could do was
to say: "Well, what guarantee have I If I
pay you the $40,000 that I will get the fran
chise?" • < Oh." he said, "that is all rtglrt; if
I give you my word for it you win have it:
there won't be any trouble about that." And
the man paid the {40.GC0 and he got the fran
chise.
Samuel M. Shortridge and Asa R. "Wells
wcrfc not trie only orators of the occasion.
E. Myron Wolf spoke rapidly; John
Lackmann spoke sensibly and- gained ap
plause; Harry Baehr, nominee • for
Auditor, made a good speech and a> good
impression; Alfred LJllienfeld. C. A- Low.
A. G. Fisk. J. E. Barry and Dr. C. A.
Glover also spoke. Among the super
visorial nominees on the platform.
Thomas W. Collins was by all odd;* the
"most statesmanlike in appearance. His
composure; in seeing; the audience vanish
before it came his turn to speak was ad
mirable.
And then there is another kind of issue. I
want to • hear them say something about the
various commissions and to have them propose
tl'at they get live men in those positions who
are pledged not to use more than one-half of
the appropriation to pay salaries. And tfow
they talk about the Geary-street franchise.
Ycu all know that that franchise or any other
franchise has got to be left to the people. Th«
I-«opte can have a voice in aU these franchises.
Nothing can prevent them from having a voice
in the francf.ise and if I am elected to office
I c!on*t thinii I shall stand in the way of the
people's express views. In other words, my
friends, I am not a trickster. I have lived
many years an honorable life and I hardly
think that at this time I shall conspire to be
tray and deceive the people.
Denies That He Is a Trickster.
the Palace Hotel, wherein It is Illuminated wltn
a beautiful portrait, large display type, and as
saying that the present Board of fouperylsors
Is a good Board of Supervisors and that Jn all
of my residence here of forty years it is the
best board I ever saw. There the speech
stopped, but It was not all of the speech. They
dldn"t give the other part. Whoever prepared
that • speech for publication knows that I was
commenting upon the beneficial effects of the
charter and I said that the Board of super
visors under that charter was a good Board of
Supervisors. They had to be good. The char
ter made them good: that It took fourteen of
them to form a ring and that they had.no
patronage and* that any ordinary Callfornian
Ktafesman would be a good Supervisor under
the law. (Applause.) Now. ladles and gentle
men. I understand that the associated Mayor
candidates say that they have nothing to dis
cuse in the way of issues, that Mr. Wells said
nothing about the Issues. Well. I know of no
greater issue than the people's issue. They say
there are seventeen thousand of them walking
the street without any place to go to school.
It seems to me that those are some of th3
issues we are interested in. The people know
my views about those Issues and the associat
ed Mayors can discuss the question to suit
themselves.
Addresses Three MeetingsWhere Enthusiastic Crowds Greet and Cheer Him.
Discusses Issues of the Campaign With His Customary Frankness
and Incidentally Rays Respects to One of His Hired Traducers
Vecurate Report of the Remarks Made at B'nai
B'rith Hall Last Night by the Herrin-Burns
Nominee for Mayor— Shortridge's Oversight
JOSEPH S. TOBIN RECEIVES ROUSING
RECEPTIONS AT HANDS OF ELECTORS
WELLS MAKES A SORRY SHOW
OF HIMSELF IN WOBBLY SPEECH
MUNICIPAL CANDIDATES OPEN LAST WEEK OF STRUGGLE BEFORE THE PEOPLE
DEMOCRATIC NOMINEE FOR MAYOR ADDRESSING GREAT CROWDS THROUGHOUT CITY
BOSSES GIVE ORDERS TO SAVE
WELLS AT COST OF THE TICKET
Herrin and Burns Reopen Old Brick Yard and
Give Promises to District Leaders—Germans
Prepare for Tobin Meeting To-Morrow Night
Eugene E. Schmitz, the labor candidate
for Mayor, was a busy man last night
He and his corps of campaign orators ap
peared at four places and were given the
customary greeting by mixed audiences,
which in no instance filled a hall . '
At Richmond Hall, corner of Fourth
avenue and Clement street, Mr. Schmitz
gave his usual talk about what he would
do if elected Mayor. He did not forget to
speak of Abraham Lincoln, and he ex
tended the glad hand with his usual
jaunty r.r. There was some enthusiasm
but as a large^part of the audience was
Eugene Schmitz Makes His Usual
Promises to Listeners.
live committee of the perman State Dem
ocratic Club, which has had the prelimi
naries In hand, found so many Republi
cans willing to unite that it became nec
essary to broaden the lines, set aside for
mer political predilections and admit to
full membership men of other political be
liefs.
The meeting will be held at Metropoli
tan Temple to-iporrow night. Oscar
Hocks, chairman of the. executive com
mittee, will call the meeting to order.
Marcus Rosenthal has been selected as
the chairman of the evening. He had
been a tried leader in many campaigns
and has, for this reason, been selected for
this position. F.. E. Hesthal will deliver
the • German oration and ex-Governor
James H. Budd has been selected to de
liver the oration in England. Mr. Tobin
will be present during the evening and
will make an address. Supervisor H. U.
Brandenstein, District Attorney Byington
and other candidates will .give their views
as to the conditions governing the'pres
ent municipal controversy.
List of Vice Presidents.
The following have been invited to act
as vice presidents and have expressed
their willingness to serve:
Dr. L. Hischkowitz. Captain J. Franke. F.
Pharion, William A. Asmussen, William
Loewe, H. Fortmann. N. Hansen, William
Knapp. H. C. Melsel. Dr. \V. Scholtz, August
Tlllman, Hans Veroni, John R. Haacke, F.
Kronenberg. Dr. T\ Kuckeln, John Slmmen,
John Herrmann, Charles Trautner, H. Hau
ser, Fred Rathgens, William Gerken,. Captain
A. Luttringer, Louis Scharenberg, August
Busse. Captain J. Attinger, Robert Capelle.
Dr. Theodore Rethers, Claus Spreckels. E. H.
Trost, S. Bibo, Rudolph Mohr, H. Bier. M.
Meycrfeld, H. Plagemann, J. T. Witzel, Frank
J. Veen, N. Ahrens, H. M. Wreden, Dr. J.
Voorsanger. Otto turn Suden. Charles A. Zln
kand, William EhrenDfort. Fred Hess, W. T,
Hess, -Kred Hess Jr., George Schaefer. J. B.
Reinstein, A. Schilling, C. M. Volkmann, W.
Bpeler, Captain Otto Sievers. A. H. R. Schmidt,
Louis Roesch, Henry Brunner, Dr. A. Busch,
H. U. Brandenstein. A. Comte Jr., W. P. Bock,
A. A. D'Ancona, Charles T. Conlan, p!
Boland. ' J. H. Wise, Geo. Dahlbender. Edmond
Godchaux, Lewis F.' Byington, Thomas Leland
Franklin K. Lane. Dr. Max Magnus. Hugo
Urban. W. C. Hlldebrand, E. A. Fischer,
Henry Hock. Chas. Hasse, Dr. A. K. Happers
berger. Captain H. Marx, H. B. Goicpm,
August Jungblut, Joseph Fassler, James N.
Block. Kasr>ar Zwierlein, Captain Kuhls
Charles Wacker, August Wen. Peter Reles,
Frank Herten, Paul Fteise. Leonard Haas.
Joseph B. Toplitz, A. T. Vogelsang. Chris
Hilbert. R. A. Becker. Emll Pohli, W. J. J.
Muhl, Oscar Hocks, Al Wieland. August Han
sen. H. Eickhoff. H. Hesthal, D. Becker,
Isidore Gutte, Dr. Charles M. Tropmann, F.
W. Barkhaus, Samuel Braunhart. Hugo K.
Asher, Joseph Napthaly, Captain Otto Lueders.
Henry S. Canaris, Otto Guy, Rudolph Herold
Jr.. Henry Kuhn, Fred Kossbiel. George
Schaefer, Frank Schilling and 'Herman Neu
naus. ;
LABOR CANDIDATES SPEAK.
tiD has been given out from
II the headquarters of the allied cor-
I porations that everything can be
UL thrown overboard as a last resort
to save Wells from defeat. All
the other candidates on his ticket are to
be Facrfflced to pull Wells through. The
trading and the knifing cause indignation
among Republican nominees, and every
man is bent on saving himself. The utter
defeat of Wells seems inevitable. . The
poor impression that he made in the be
ginning of the campaign in saying that
Mr. Herrin agreed with him that B. P.
Flint should go on the ticket has not been
removed by his subsequent utterances.
Voters who heard his speech at Garibaldi
Hall last week thought it was the worst
campaign speech ever made until they
heard his talk at B'nai B'rith Hall last
night. Every time that the corporation
nominee for Mayor makes any attempt
to discuss living questions he displays a
lamentable ignorance of the public af
fairs. If his managers would prepare and
typewrite something for him -and charge
him particularly to read it and not rely
on his memory to repeat it, he would
make a much better impression than he
has yet made. The worst feature of the
whole affair from one point of view is that
Sam Shortridge. who is out getting a rep
utation for ora-tory, is using poor Wells
as a foil. Sam shows off to tine advan
tage as a speaker in comparison with
Wells.
Bosses Imploring' Lieutenants.
The bosses who put Wells at the head
of the ticket are sending out for the dis
trict leaders who are not in line and im
ploring them to get in for Wells.
Promises of support in the next cam
paign are fr?ely given. The balky leaders
are not asked to support the Supervisors
or candidates other than Mayor, but just
to get in and save the head of the ticket
from ruin. Everything now points to the
defeat of Wells. Republican merchants,
property owners and taxpayers generally
have resolved to support Tobin. In the
Twenty-eighth, Twenty-ninth, Forty
fourth and Forty-fifth districts there is a
strong Republican tendency toward the
support of Schmitz. Politicians who have
studied the situation estimate that Wells
will not get one-half the Republican vote
of the city. Two weeks ago the betting
was even money for Wells against the
field. There has been a complete turn
about since. The only Wells money
Offered is on a proposition of Tobin
against the field.
Promises of Places.
The recent order of the bosses to cut
everybody to save Wells Is inciting a
spirit of hostility toward the head of
the boss ticket. From now on Herrin and
Burns will draw freely on the brick
yard. Everything in the way of patronage
at the City Hall will be plastered with
ten layers of promises in order to catch
votes for the head of the ticket. It is
quite evident that the "boys" who want
recognition will not be fooled again. >Iany
of the promises made in the Senatorial
canvass and In the campaign last fall
have not been kept. Sam Rainey Is do
ing his hardest work to save Wells from
defeat* but his followers are cutting loose
to save something for themselves.
Gennans Support Tobin.
Arrangements for the demonstration by
German-American citizens favoring the
candidacy of Joseph S. Tobin for Mayor
were completed last night. The execu-
JOSEPH SADOC TOBIN, CANDIDATE FOR MAYOR;PF fs^|PJlANC;SCP^AS|H^APPEARElj|llisTlmGHT
WHEN \u25a0 DELIVERING ; A ' STIRRING SPEECH TO THE VOTERS, URGING THEM TO VOTE AGAINST BOSS
RULE IN THIS CITY. C ' ; ' V '. \u25a0 • ' : -i .•.'\u25a0-." . •- \u25a0 -; -•\u25a0.\u25a0:.-.\u25a0 " ; ' .""\u25a0'\u25a0-. r \u25a0'. : ". '\u25a0 . \u25a0>-. '-
It is. urged that the ownership of railroads by
the city would provifle. of flees for more politi
cians. " - But ; remember. ,. gentlemen, that U Is
a- question of having those offices held by city
officials controlled' by civil "service, or having
those ! railroads owned . by . corporations with
city officials bribed to act In their service. •
If the Republican Mayor and Supervisors are
elected you know that the city will. not set
the. Geary-street '• line. ,\u25a0
• The \u25a0-\u25a0 Republican candidate for Mayor has
nothing to Bay about civil service. \u25a0\u25a0 I 'believe
he is opposed "to the , merit - system. - He has
shown if in the Auditor's office. -'I pledge you
civil service In the spirit and to the letter
Tobin was received at Golden Gate Hall
with the cheers that have greeted- his
every appearance during > the campaign.
H. *-U. .'Brandenstein, who was address
ing; the. meeting, when the- candidate for
Mayor arrived, gave way .to Mr. v Tobin
\u25a0who spoke". as .follows:." . . ; ;\u25a0.
'Mr. Chairman; Ladies and Gentlemen: I have
been walking from place to place to-day, almost
the entire - day.V from -, 9. o'clock until about half
past ,5." .'I, have been doing: that for about a
week past, and have had.no opportunity what
soever ;. to 1 prepare my sel t ; ; bo as ; to . vary - the
subject of my : addresses. I had • made • a few
There is a . subject ." in; which this district k ia
particularly interested. I refer to the munici
pal ownership of the Geary-street • railroad." If
it Is. secured by.: the. city we will have an op
portunity of trying, for ourselves the advantages
of the of jpublic utilities. . -
Tobin .stands, civic government on busi
1 ness principles: r. -.• .-,,\u25a0_. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:,:':'\u25a0:,\u25a0 .: Z'
. "At^ Park' View Hall' Tobin was Intro
duced as a man who stands for honesty,
decency and Independence. - He spoke in
part as follows :. .„....;.".., "\u25a0\u25a0-, ':--"
' . I \u25a0 appreciate vecy much- the' kind .words 01 in
troduction, and it i, is -more than:: once that I
have been called, -u*>on. to express i similar I ap
preciation... .While ii; appreciate the kind feel
ings .walch -prompted -them/ -however," I want
you all j to • understand -that It- la not' to any
merit,- any , characteristic. • any great \u25a0 exertion
on my part, that these .words are due. After
all, I have done nothing more than any goring
man would, have done. I have done,; little more
than : float . with the tide and \u25a0 take : advantage
of ' such circumstances ; as : fell ' to my fate. .\
stand here, ; gentlemen, '.the. result of = circum
stances. \I shall' endeavor to' take 'advantage
of those 'circumstances, and if this results, in
my election! promise tharyou' will, not regret
it. ;.:...... -. - \u25a0..,,-; ' ........ .
:> In • the meetings \u25a0 of ; last night .was 5 re
peated the*' story of. every, meeting at
which Tobin ' has . appeared. He : took
the I platform as Joseph 8. • Tobin, candi
date. - He ileft, the, platform, Joseph ~S."
Tobin, next Mayor of j; San Francisco.
' He spent" the early ; part of ' the day : in
the north ; end Tofi! the" ,city,~ and
he ; went <\u25a0\u25a0 he .left behind '\u25a0 him - friends j t hat
will by their^ votes on ! election ; day 'help
to - bring about: the * condition 'for - which
,.'..\u25a0 . ' Park View Hall, Ninth avenue and
H street; in Golden Gate Hall, 625 Butter
street... and , in Pioneer Hall, 24 • Fourth
street. i.The : meeting • at "\u25a0•• the Park -was
limited, numerically only -by the capacity
of the hall: Golden Gate Hair was packe'd,
and at Pioneer Hall., the audience ex
tended far"out;on the sidewalk. ' .\u25a0\u25a0:.-. ,.' .
jt OSEPH S. TOBIN.; candidate for
1 Mayor, last night addressed three
- 1 of the most- enthusiastic; meetings
QJ/, of the campaign. 'He spoke- in
Iowa Bank Goes Into Liquidation.
DAVENPORT. Iowa, Oct. 28 -The ' di
h»°Jf rs \u25a0 th . e '^ aven Port National Bank
have voted in favor of the bank gcine
into voluntary liquidation. The bank will
be consolidated with the, Union' Savings
Bank. : -.- .— - . um T u .. oavin ?f!
I was fully in accord with him on, the
great financial measures with which he
was Identified. But, as you know, I dif
iTs! J. f rom . £ im and - his administrate^;
and my opinion on that subject has been
llote^fTm a , nd weakened in ihe
lapse or time in regard to his doIIcv in
dealing with the; Philippine Islands!?? '
"But I ought in frankness to state an
other and even stronger, reason^ I think
the eulogy should be r delivered " by some
persons who were in full accord with him
upon the principal; political, measure of
his administration. I never questioned his
absolute sincerity, his devotion to the
public welfare, his love of liberty and his
-desire to do his duty as God gave him
power to see it. . ; ™
In the course of his letter Senator Hoar
refers to, the fact that he will be extreme
ly busy during the next few 1 weeks, but
if business were the only reason he would
endeavor to overcome it. Continuing- he
says:"
WORCESTER, Mass.. Oct. 28.— Mayor
Philip J. O'ConneH to-nigrht sent to the
City Council -the letter of Senator. George
F. Hoar, 'asking to be permitted to de
cline the invitation to eulogize .President
McKinley. ' \u25a0\u25a0: .• -
DECLINES TO EULOGIZE
THE MARTYRED PRESIDENT
made up of young men under 21 the ef
feet was quite unimportant
i<4 T? alif n rn J a Chr ysanthemum Hall at
were Robert J. Lou^hery P winfam T
Kenny Charles Harcourt, J. TMcEnteJ
W D. Getchell and J. M. Murphy '
Apniall meetingrof the" laundry drivpm
vfsiT^ t h nI fv, HaU '^ n Howard "itw*? wS
visited by the speakers. The members^ of
the union greeted the labor standard
bearer with some enthusiasm. The even
ing's campaigning: was finished at fhe
garment Workers' ball, at. Odd Fellov" ?
Hall, where the - labor candidates were
given an opportunity of expressing their
views as to their candidacy.
There will be a mass-meeting In the in-
S ?*° f w e ,, UnI . Qn ! . abor ticfet at Met
ropolitan. Hall to-night. Among the
speakers who will address the meeting
are Andrew Furuseth and Michael Casey
who were so prominent in the recent
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29^ 1901.
4
ADVEBTISEME1TTS.
it's impure Blood.
"What is it ? - asks the mother as she
notices the smooth skin of her child
• marred by a red or pimply eruption. It
is impure blood, and the child needs at
once to begin
j^^% the use of Dr.
Pierce's Golden
. Wr^i^v Medical Discov-
./\u25a0^Sfcm \ri er 3 r » e best and
t£v^i^ wr-*/^?^. surest remedy
for impurity of
§fe Jt\ S-A th ? Wood- It
feri^VU <^fk ent^ely eradi-
F^ ft JSfMiW cates the poisons
VJ \ w&CTftl w n * c k corru P t
j\ I i\ ftjj&OTa the blood and
vj* \ (\yXSfcjPI cause disease. It
I llgg~?yfty cu f es scrofula,
I "I] vg§Sp|g boils, pimples,
I llRaiS ecz ema, salt-
S Illiffi rheum and other
/ *^ II M f| eruptive diseases
/ 'a I'd I \u25a0which are the di-
/ \l\ L-JLv rect result of im-
/ \\ Jf^ pure blood. It
>^ enriches as well
— \u25a0 **^ as purifies the
"Dr. Pxerce's medicine has not only bene-
fited me greatly, but it has done wonders for
ray two sons." writes Mrs. M. Hartrick, of
pemstcr. Oswego Co.. N. Y. "Both had Bcrofula.
I have lost two daughters in less than five years
with consumption and scrofula. My eldest son
was taken tw O/ or three years ago with hemor-
rhage from the lungs, if troubled him for over
\u25a0 year. He took Sr. Pierce's Golden Medical
Discovery, and has not had a hemorrhage in
over * ye&r. My younger son had scrofulous
sores on his neck; had two lanced, but has not
had any since he commenced to take your med-
tase." w
Accept no substitute for "Golden Med-
ical Discovery." There is nothing "just
as good" for diseases of the stomach,
blood and lungs. • > /
A 1008 page book, free for the asking.
You can the People's Common Sense
Medical Adviser, the best medical -book
Ever published, free by sending stamps
to pay expense of mailing onty~ \u25a0 Send
21 one-cent stamps for paper covers or
51 stamps for doth-bouna volume, to Dr.
R.V. Pierce, Buffalo, N.Y.
"GOLD DUST." V!. '.'
Hj "Lot tho GOLD DUST twins doyoan^6rkr^»^^m
H if you knew how much cleaner 1
H makes everythin^about : the house than soap does, i
H and ho^much :; less, expense^ and work-.it requires, H
I! .you would use it exclusively. Try it on wash day or 1
§H wnen you clean house. - 5« n * ft» °ur free booklet. p|
P t_ '! H 1!' K ,,«!. RBANK company - CDic3s °- st> Louis ' New Y ° rk - B «ton. piAlleged Aspersions in a
Monterey County Stockman. Resents
"CATTLE XITTG" M3XI/EH
SITED FOB SLANDER
Alviso will probably experience a boom,
for within a month a line of automobiles
will be running between that place and
San Jose, and another electric road, to
be built by San Jose capital, is among
the possibilities.
A 1 fast steamer service between Al
viso and San Francisco will connect with
the new road, and that it -will be an ac
tive competitor with the Southern Pacific
for freight and passengers is assured.
' The' purchasers were here a few weeks
ago looking over the ground, but they
left without disclosing their plans. A
lme terminal site of sixty acres goes with
tha property. It is right on tidewater
at Alvlso, and now that the government
has just completed dredging the slough
the property is valuable. The right. of
way is sixty feet -wide, and extends a
distance of eight miles. The old plan of
the San Jose and^Alviso Railroad in
tended the terminal to be near the Hotel
Vendome. and It Is believed this new cor
poration, has made arrangements for sta
tion facilities in about the same place.
Only light grading will have to be done,
and it would take but a few months'
work to put the line into operation..
Just who is back of the project ia
not known, and one rumor has it that the
road will be used for the Santa Fe,
which will make boat connection at Al
viso. Work 13 to be rushed, and, it Is
said, cars will be running in a few
months.
I SAN JOSE, Oct. 28.— San Jose and Al
viso are to be qonnected by an electric
railway, which will handle freight and
passengers. Eastern capitalists are in
terested In the project, and they, have
purchased the right of way obtained a
few years ago by the San Jose and Al
viso Railroad Company for a steam rail
road. . . . * . . ' • -
Special Dispatch to The CalL
Electric Cars Will Soon Con
nect the Garden City
- With the Bay.
Eastern Capitalists Pur
chase a Right
of Way. .
RAILS FROM SAN
JOSE TO ALVISO
VISALIA. Oct. 28.— Eighty-three steers
shipped out of Vlslia to-day had a total
tvei?ht cf 103,000 pounds, an average of
1241. This shipment Is regarded by cat
tlenen as an exceptionally fine collection
nt cattle. The steers were raised on the
Roy Cutler ranch, near this citv.
Heavy- Weight Class Steers.
Communication with Asia is most important
to u s at present because our trade will be with
Asia, not with Europe. The Islands as coal-
Ing stations and bases of naval supplies are
of infinite importance for protection of our line
of communication.
Communication — that is. forming lines of
commerce — affects greatly national expansion.
The acquisition of Porto Rico, Hawaii and the
Philippines is Important in that these points
ere necessary in completing our lines of com
munication. The United States has been par
ticu:ar!y fortunate in stumbling upon such pos
sefs.ons as she has acquired in the Philippines
and Hawaii.
What are the motives operative in bringing
al>out the development from the national state
to national imperialism? Colonization has been
d«=fln»d as the exertion of Influence by a. more
hip-hly civilized state over a less highly civil
ized state, with the purpose of elevating the
latter. Migration of Chinese to the United
States is not colonization, therefore, nor is the
migration of an entire nation to a new demaln.
The motives or causes In the development of
national imperlali-m are: Overpopulation, mis
sionaries, the adventuresome spirit of Individ
uals, commerce, communication, industrial de
velopment, direct occupation of territory with
the idea of enlarging the national power. Over
population is seldom a cause of colonizing at
lirft but It keeps ur> colonies once organized.
Missionaries are of far greater Importance. In
ca.«e of nations having low forms of religion
missionaries can often have direct influence
on :;he government. In countries like China
and India, however, their Influence Is more
indirect because of the large number of persons
to influence and the strong pre-established re
ligicn. The murder of missionaries has often
led to the conquest of territory.
Individual adventure is a most important mo
tive in the expansion of European interests.
Commercial expansion Is another important
xnot.ve. Present world politics is to-«. certain
extent a struggle for markets. All nations
begi.n making the commerce of their colonies
the exclusive possession of the mother country.
Wits the growth of Liberalism these restric
tions fell and by 1S60 the policy of free trade
\u25a0was In full sway. Recently, however, the ar-
KUir,ent that "commerce follows the flag" has
beer. made, reviving the old idea. Statistics
Fhow that the greater commerce is between
rival nations, consequently it would be utter
felly to chop off the trade of other nations In
order to secure the colonial trade.
Th« idea that there will be a world unity Is
looking coo far Into the future to be politically
practical. National imperialism is a new de
velopment, but it does not lead of necessity
to a world-state. Roman imperialism had as
Its core a city-state and as its aim the con
<iues: of other cities. The core of our present
cyetrm is the national state. National imper
ialism recognizes a number of national sys
tems.
J'h«ire may be said to be five stages in the
evolution of political society. First, the agrl
cuUurai etaee. where the clan was paramount;
tecord, the stage of caste or feudal society;
third, the city stage, as first developed in
Greece, where aristocratic caste privileges were
discarded and all freemen were equal, with
the rower not extending beyond the city's lim
its; fourth, the territorial stage, where the
cities or States were united under -political
leaders— princes and kings— the unity being ter
ritorial and artificial; fifth, the national stage,
in wlaich the world powers are to-day.
The English Llberalists believe in the fourth
Ftagt. Individualism without governmental in
terference is the basis of Liberalism— hence the
doctrine of free trade. We are gradually
throwing over the Liberal idea that govern
ment is a mere mechanism and are recogniz
ing i.he fact that we are integral parts of the
gove-nment.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 28.-
Dr. Paul .S. Reinsch. professor of political
science in the University of Wisconsin,
delivered to-day the first of a series of
four lectures on "World Politics" to be
given before the students of Stanford
University, taking- for his subject "The
New Imperialism." Dr. Reinsch said In
part;
Uurlng the two decades from 1850 to 1S70
hardly a statesman In England, Prance or
Geriracy was enthusiastic on the subject of
colonies. At this time Gladstone and other
English statesmen looked forward to the ulti
mate separation of the British colonies from
the raothcr country and they believed such ac
tion advisable. John Bright, In speaking of
Canada, said that It would be allowed to choose
Us course— either to -separate from or remain
with the mother country. The statesmen of to
day a far different view.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Professor of Political Science
Lectures to Students
of Stanford.
Dr.Reinsch Says America
Stumbled Upon Good
Fortune.
COLONIES OPEN
WAY FOR TRADE
Dr. C.C. O'Donnellis still in the fight
and will certainly, win this time! Be sura
to vote for him for Mayor by, writing hi3
name with a lead pencil at head of blank
column. v
SAN JOSE, Oct. 28.— Michael .'Holman,
a. carpenter, from San 1 Francisco/ attempt
ed suicide in 1 St.: James[Park at. noon to
day by ':\u25a0 swallowing : a - quantity .-. of bella
donna. Passers-by -saw, the 'act. and . the
man '\u25a0 was at once taken \u25a0 to the receiving
hospital and t treated. -He : will recover.
HolmanrCame"; to; San Jose -a short •\u25a0.time
ago : from : San i Francisco, .; where ' he; ; has
a family living.:; He; has been out of em
ployment and drinking. heavily. -• . :
Fails to End. His Life!
SANTA CRUZ, Oct: 28.— The burglar
who makes a specialty of entering dental
offices has made his third visit to \u25a0 this
city. . He looted Dr. C. L. Bliss' office
taking J8 in gold. • ; ,
Robs a Dentist's Office.
DENVER, Oct. 28.— President John
W. Springer of the National Livestock
Association to-day made public a unique
plan, of Western stockmen to attract the
interest if not the co-operation of Presi
dent Roosevelt in legislation which they
will ask of Congress at its approaching
session. This is no less than a parade. of
"cow. punchers',' through the streets 'of
Washington and up to the door of the
White House.
' The annual convention of the Live
stock Association meets in Chicago De
cember 3. . Immediately after its adjourn*
ment the delegates from Colorado, Wyo
ming, Texas, New Mexico, Arizona and
other Western States will take a special
train for Washington. They will go in
the costume of the range and will have
a car or two of "bucking" broncos along
and a supply of cowboys to ride them.
When they arrive in the - Capital City
they will 'form in line. and parade, and
with the cowboy band from Pueblo lead-
Ing. them will march to the White House
for a call on the President. Springer will
be loaded with a speech on the . need of
legislation on land leasing, . the \u25a0 Federal
inspection of woolen goods and shoddy
and the oleomargarine business, which he
will deliver to the President. It is be-,
lieved that *\u25a0 the novel method of \u25a0 calling
on the President will have a: good effect
and that he may be prevailed on to help
the cattle men secure their demands
Saunders was discharged for. disability
at the Presidio In San' Francisco and ad
vised to go: to New Mexico. -He was in
Albuquerque as long as his money lasted,
expecting every day to hear from an ap
plication for, a pension which he had
made.- His money having been spent, the
young- soldier, who was a ' member of
Troop I of the Fourth Cavalry, ,-worked
his way to Denver. While at a ranch
near Albuquerque he ran across an aban
doned mine.' Having studied mineralogy
some In his school days he thought* he
saw traces of gold ore in some samples
he picked up about the mine, and relo
cated it. H.e did some little; work on> the
property when^his health .permitted, and,
going a few feet deeper, got better speci
mens than he had found nearthe surface.
He. took .them to Albuquerque. and had
them assayed,: telling the 'result to; the
physician who .was attending him. ' The
doctor made further Investigations and
paid $3000 for. a half-interest in the mine.
DENVER, Colo., Oct. 28.-fIn- the ,midst
of privations " good fortuneVhas befallen
Richard Saunders, a young' soldier,' who
a week ago appealed r to; the members of
the Colorado 'regiment^which was in the
Philippines 'to help him to. hi? ; home in
Pennsylvania/ after, he 'had become sick
and destitute. He. has ; been paid $3000 for
an -interest: in an" abandoned mine w^ich
he relocated- about fourteen miles from
Albuquerque, N. Mex.' ••; "
Relocates an: A bandon ;ed
Mine and^ It; Proves I •
'\u25a0-. '':' Valuable!' v; v
Will Visit -Washington
Dressed in the Garb h
of the Range. ;
NAPA, Oct. 28.— H. C. Smith, a veteran
of the Rebellion, convicted in the Su
perior Court of assault with a deadly
weapon upon the person of Michael
Brown, was to-day sentenced to one j'ear
in San Quentin.
Goes to San Quentin.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 28.— J. Lev! Likens
of Healdsburg, charged with responsibil
ity for the death of Warren Rogers, with
whom he had a flght a short time ago, has
been discharged from custody. At the
preliminary examination the evidence did
not show anything that tended to connect
him with the death of Rogers. In his ante
mortem statement Rogers charged Likens
with being responsible for his condition.
The postmortem examination revealed
the fact that- death was due to gangrene
of the lungs, caused by pneumonia.
Xrikens Given His Freedom.
PRODUCES EARLIER WTLI»
' OF WTTrTiTAivr H. HOWARD
Widow of the Late Capitalist Will
Fight the Testament Already^
„ on File. .
REDWOOD CITY, Oct. 28.— A second
will of the late William H. Howard was
filed here for probate to-day by the
widow, who asks that she be appointed
executrix thereof. This will was exe
cuted in 1887, while " th© first one filed
bears date eleven years later. . .
By the terms of the will last In data
most of the property of deceased goes to
the children, five in number. Mrs. Anna
D Howard, the widow, gets but a one
sixth interest in certain personal prop
erty. \u25a0 Under the will filed to-day the
homestead property at San Mateo, com
prising' 350 acres of land, with the Im
provements thereon, and all the furni
ture, carriages, Works of art. silver,
books and personal effects, are given to
her absolutely, and all the residue of the
property, real and personal. Is given to
her in trust, the income to be applied to
her own support and the education and
maintenance of her children.
A lively-legal battle ia expected when
the case comes up for hearing.
Superintendent Davies had long known
that the Carbon Hill coal was good for
coking purposes, and he therefore recom
mended that coke ovens be built. After
due investigation this 'course wa3 deter
mined upon. The output will be shipped
to the' smelters In Tacoma, Everett, Mon
tana and British Columbia. , >\u25a0
TACOMA, Oct. 28.— Seventy large mod
ern coke^ovensjare being built at Carbon
ado by the .Southern Pacific Railway;
which owns the Carbon Hill coal mines,
having a dally capacity of more than 1000
tons. This enterprise is one of the direct
results of the introduction of oil as fuel
on the locomotives of the South
ern Pacific at Oakland and San
Francisco. For many years every pound
of coal which the Carbon Hill mines could
supply has been shipped by fast steam
colliers to those cities. The demand was
lessened, commencing-"* about a year ago,
and for a time it was intended to restrict
the output at Carbonado.
Move Made Necessary by the Rapid
Substitution of California Oil
for Coal.
BUILDING COKE OVENS
AT CARBONADO MINES
COWBOYS PLAN
UNIQUE PARADE
This was the second . contention aired
before the court. . Pillsbury said he would
cheerfully present the letter to the court
© \u25a0i-:-:..i-i-:»1m1-h-4-4-4-h-^-!"H"I"I"1"I"H
According to prearrangement the attor T
neys for respondent Noyes and the amicus
curiae were to appeal- before the Court of
Appeals and argue whether or not.a^c.on^
tinuance should be granted the,'respon
dents in the present examination.^ Th>it;
matter and the Britt refusal cartle.up. r 6uc-'.
cessively. So, after two hours of haggling
and testimony taking before the Commis
sioner the lawyers and witnesses flocked
out of one courtroom and settled them;
selves in the other. The scene was
changed from a rather informal court to
the dignified procedure of the Federal-tri
bunal, with the three Justices,- Gilbert,
Ross and Morrow, on the bench.' .
Heney made a statement of the Britt
episode and asked the court to issue, an
order compelling the witness to answer
the question. For the sake of argument
Heney was willing to consider the, ques
tion whether Britt was biased or preju
diced, as already asked. : The reason of
the question, Heney stated to the court,
was to attack the credibility of the wit
ness. The three Judges: put their heads
together p.nd Judge Gilbert announced
that the objection was sustained.
Then the court had to listen to another
argument from the wrangling .' attorneys.
Judge McLaughlin wants a letter which
he thinks E. S. Pillsbury has In his pos
session. During the taking of testimony
in the morning Judge Johnson of Nome
was recalled to the stand and cross-ex
amined on a letter which he signed and
which it is claimed was sent to Pills
bury, asking for the protection of W. T.
Hume and his immunity from punish
ment on account of his efforts to furnish
information against the Noyes I regime.
McLaughlin demanded that the letter be
produced. Pillsbury, without denying or
admitting the receipt of the letter, said
he didn't see by what right the respon
dents should ask for private papers.,
Letter for the Court. . \
Sustain Britt's Refusal.
Heney came into the courtroom yester
day morning, his heart surcharged with
indignation and his temper bristling at all
points. In yesterday's- Call there appeared
on the last page an article concerning
Judge Noyes, McKenzie and the rest of
the Nome ring. Heney had read it before
coming into court. So had Judge Mc-
JLaughlin and the two sang a duet, "Scan
dalous! Scandalous!" every time The
Call's article came to their '.'. attention.
When Heney reached the tail end of his
cross-examination he asked Britt: : \u25a0 >
"Did you write that article in * to-day's
Call headed • 'Weeding Out Noyes' Gang
Up at Nome'?" .. ... '
Britt declined to answer, and neither. the
soft cajolery of- Heney's voice "nor\hW
brusque, impatient manner could ; induce
the witness to go ' further, i Heney's '-opa
tience gave out finally and he took? the
matter before the Circuit Court of/Ap
peals for a certification. The court, sus
tained Britt in his refusal to satisfy the
longings of Mr. Heney in his attempt to
obtain information which he thought
should go Into the record. r j'~|.; j
True to his promise, Amicus Curiae
Pillsbury put Deputy Marshal Burnham
on the stand and the examination of this
witness ushered in the -day. His testi
mony was adduced for* the purpose of
contradicting Thomas J. Geary's state
ment that Judge Noyes and McKenzie and
himself "did not confer on the day of Mc-
Kenzie's arrest. Geary' was recalled, and
following him on. the witness chair was
William F. Britt, at present a reporter on
The Call, but who at the time of the Me-
Kenzle-Noyes regime was a reporter on
the Nome Chronicle. -• Britt told, his' story,
which concerned- a meeting between
Noyes and McKenzie in Gearys office the
very day McKenzie was arrested. This
provoked the temper of Attorney • Francis
J. Heney, who, in > the absence • of Judge
McLaughlin, played the part of cross-ex
aminer. ' •» .-' - -\u25a0-',-'.-
Y»-^ULJ_i of argument were the Nome
\\_J contempt proceedings yesterday
\u25a0""\u25a0 3 morning, both before Commis-
Jl sioner Heacock and the Circuit
Court of Appeals. It/' was. a day
for the lawyers to play the batteries of
speech, and they indulged themselves un
til the curtain fell. ,
,X '.'Did you Iwrite this article that appears
on page". 10 of The San Francisco Call of
Monday. October 28, 1901, entitled 'Weed
ing Out Noyes' Gang Up at Nome?' "
. "I decline to answer that question,"
saidC Britt positively. •>/ .:. -. .< . \u25a0
The hour for adjournment was reached
and the case went over until to-day for
argument on motions and the taking of
testimony. * s
,' "I say that I have" none, yl feel
that his official acts have been wrong."
'. . "You do not approve of his official acts,
but do . you entertain any. bad feeling or
ill-feeling- toward Judge s Noyes-r-toward
Arthur H/V Noyes as an. individual?"
vv,"Not' as" an individual.".
"You do have?"
j . ."Yes, sir."
i "Then, upon the question of his action
as a Judge, you are rather biased and
prejudiced, are you .not, against him?"
"Putting the question in that light, I
should say so. Is that what you meant?"
turning" to - Heney.
"You understand the English language,
Mr.,Britt?" again queried Heney.
'\u25a0,\u25a0*." Very well. I ought to, anyway," was
the reply. \u25a0 \u25a0'-\u25a0 \u25a0 f
".' "No one needs to give you any assist
ance;, even by cross-examination. I asked
you if you entertain to-day any bias or
prejudice against this man,., this individ
ual, Arthur H. Noyes. Do you?'.'
. "Yes. 'sir," replied the witness, "with
this explanation: That- -I. have criticized
his actions .as a Judge."
\u25a0'; "As a matter of fact you, have no en
mity, or ill-feeling or bad feeling toward
Judge \u25a0 Noyes— have you, as an individ
ual?'^: \u25a0\u25a0- •;.. ; •- ' .\u25a0. \u25a0 \u25a0 .\u25a0 \u25a0
\u25a0 ."I cannot say that.". " \u25a0
' "Before that question is answered," said
Mr. Pillsbury, "I should like to* ask two
or_ three questions which may appear in
the record as being put before.
."You say you formed an- unfavorable
opinion of Judge Noyes' action up there
at Nome?" \ '
"Yes, sir." v
"You mean as a Judge?" - f
'.'Yes, sir.!' . • . \.
"You criticized him pretty severely?"
. "Yes, "sir." r . .
Jjj "And then — "
. "Your- criticism upon him was ad
verse?" put in Pillsbury.
"Yes; sir," said Britt.
, "And you have now, I . suppose, the
same opinion in that respect?" ;
Pillsbury Takes a Hand.
. -"Did you write this article that appears
on 1 page 10 of the. San Francisco Call of
date .Monday,. October 28, 1901?"
'\u25a0,"\u25a0 "I • decline - to - answer that question. I
rnay-rnisundersjand ;you, Mrl. Heney. I
idon'tfeel-thar I> would do anything un-
JSpy.es. -.We don't speak
,t& i each 'other. . . Iv don't - know ; what his
feelings are toward me. As a matter of
fact ;I don't know whether. he knows me
or not, except that he ought to."
j. "I -renew the ;. .question now: Did you
write the article that appears. upon page
10 of the San Francisco Call of Monday,
October 28, 1901,'t entitled 'Weeding Out
Noyes' Gang Up at Nome?' "
•i"If .you. know what it means you can
answer. -Are you friendly toward Judge
Noyces at the present time V.
:\ "V entertain : no bad t feelings toward
him."::-. ~- \u25a0 . \u25a0-.:- ,. ..-: :.-.- .-
\u25a0''I don't know what you mean. I want
;.to get the' scope of your question. I want
..to. .Know what you mean by 'friendly or
"said Britt.
•V*"That, is, an '-, Anglo-Saxon word: you
have heard it before?" asked Heney..
; sir; I have heard it before," was
. the "reply. ...-ii't-v *. :- •\u25a0---\u25a0-
"Don't you? know if you are friendly or
not:';' or unfriendly to a person?"
.. "i "don't say that."
• , "Do . you \u25a0 say now you are friendly or
unfriendly to Judge Noyes?" he asked.
>. '.'As far. as the: strict letter of it is con
cerned I should say that we don't speak,"
said, the -witness, s
"Are you unfriendly to him?"
On Another Tack,
"I decline to answer for the reason that
it is unprofessionarto say whether I did
or not," was the reply.
"I repeat the question: Did you write
this article which appears upon page 10
.of this morning's Call entitled '"Weeding
Out Noyes'. Gang Up at Nome?'.' persisted
the attorney. . . -, "
"I decline to answer that question,"
said Britt. •
"I think we shall ask to have that ques
tion certified to the Court of Appeals and
I think it ought to be certified ,at this
•time," interjected McLaughlin.
"Very well," said Commissioner Hea
cock.
And they all marched out for the cer
tification and they all came back again,
Britt taking the stand once more. - Heney
worked up to the same question that
caused the first trouble, this time de
pending upon the words "friendly" or
"unfriendly" to help him. The court will
be called upon . again this morning.
Heney continued his questions:
swer," said Heney, "as showing the in
terest, bias and prejudice of the witness,
for the purpose of the question!" Then
addressing- the witness: "I refer to the
article that appears upon page 10 of -this
morning's. Call, entitled 'Weeding Out
Noyes'- Gang' Up at 'Nome.' "•' • v
"A perfectly scandalous article while
the trial is going on," declared McLaugh
lin. . \u25a0
"Did you write that article?" demanded
Heney of the witness.
YOUNG SOLDIER
PLAYS IN LUCK
- ' Then • began the cross-examination by
Heney, which worked along lines leading
up-to his final imagined coup de grace;.
Continuing the cross-questioning, Heney
asked: \u25a0 .'- : \u25a0-.. \u25a0\u25a0' " - : . :'-;..' '*-.:"\u25a0 : '. „••-><\u25a0' * . ; ;'
. "Are you'working on a newspaper?" -
"Yes, sir,", the witness replied. >' -Z \u25a0••
•i "What paoer?" \u25a0 ,-'.'• ' "•"-,* <-,
."The San Francisco Call. 1 '. .\u25a0 \u25a0 .\u25a0..-<
~ "Did you write the article that 1 appeared
in this morning's. Call; about the proceed-,
ings at Nome under Judge^Wickersham?'.'
-\u25a0\u25a0 "I decline to'answer 'that 1 question." ..?'
"I insist that : the witness should' an-
Heney Wants to Know.
v tneTdaj'!b'f his arresti state'
.whether or not' you; saw, Judge .Noyes*and.
Mr.' McKenzie together- in -any- room-'of-
Mr. ''Geary's on thatvday; -if so, "about,
what time?" • r ;-\u25a0>-\u25a0 . \u25a0'\u25a0 -•"'•\u25a0.'\u25a0\u25a0
• "Well, I recollect- 1 "was r coming along
the. street and IjmefMr. .Metson and Mr.
Healy. ' They- were standing: on < the\u25a0-side
walk across the street from- Mr.: Geary's
offices, and one : of tWem\ called me and
said, 'There is Judge Noyes up in Geary's
loffice with McKenzie.' I looked r up' arid
saw Judge Noyes. and McKenfcie' there to
gether in that • room. \u25a0 Then -Mr. Metson
or Mr. Healy, I am .not certain which,
suggested that I go over and interview
him." . ... , . \u25a0 \u25a0 .; : . .
"Interview whom?" - ,- -
"Interview McKenzie. So I chatted with
them for a- while and then I went upstairs
into the office. There were several people
there, and the door. of the room where I
saw Mr. McKenzie and Judge Noyes was
open,#but I did not see Judge Noyes when
I went up - there this-tlme. : I \u25a0 only saw
McKenzie. I got. a flash of him passing
the door."
"Did you speak with him?" ...*..'
"No, sir: I did not."
v The amicus 'curiae took- Britti in hand
and the following. examination! resulted:.*..-.
. VI' will esk you tostate whether, on that
day: you remember -the . circumstance *of
Mr.'. McKenzie being- arrested?"- was asked
of the witness:-; >..; .;; i?/ '\u25a0.•\f \u25a0,%'\u25a0.•\u25a0';.. \u25a0•*\u25a0 ,Vi>':.
Britt on the Stand.
Mr. Burnham. le mistaken as to Judge Noyes
visiting McKenzie while ,1 .was in the office.
Noyes came Into my room from the main office
add McKenzie was not there. \u25a0 I know that
they did • not meet, for when I • presented ' the
petition to Judge' Noyes , he -asked -me It he
should see McKenzie and- I suggested that he
should not on.account of thestate of mind Mc-
Kenzie was then in..- - > ;'•\u25a0'' ••';:_• •' \u25a0\u25a0• ' ?\u25a0•'\u25a0[
•William -Britt was^ called, arid- testified
that he was standing on-the street bppt)
slte Geary' S' office: on \the,, day: of .McKeft
ziie's arrest- ln. : c6mpany»with*W>Hi Met
soh and Thomas ; J. Healy.' One >,of' the
party looked' up at Gearyls: rooms- and
saw Judge . Noyes . talking "with?McKen
zle.^; - .',- y-. \u25a0'.•••-• --.. . .:3 ,.- 'a- /.r^it- •:'.?. V.-' 1
."William H. Metson corroborated Britfs
testimony
Deputy Marshal Burnham, who served
the writs on McKenzie, took the stand
at the opening of the morning session.
He testified that Judge Noyes visited' Mc-
Kenzie in Geary's rooms after the arrest.
He left McKenzlcin Geary's offices and
saw Noyes in the rooms. Thomas J.
Geary was put' upon the stand when
Burnham had finished his story. Geary
said: • •-\u25a0-.\u25a0
Meeting 1 in. Geary's Office.
—if he could find it— and have it decide
whether it should go into. the record or
not. Pillsbury declared that he was
East when the letter arrived, if it ever
came to his office, and that he had no
recollection of seeing it at any time. Th©
judicial , whisper was passed again and
the amicus curiae i was . requested to
favor the court with the letter.
Argument three was next -heard. Judge
McLaughlin, who has been ill during the
last few days, was on hand to flght this
battle. He said that owing to the char
acter of the testimony that had been
read and entered in the record he wished
the court to designate just which por
tions should be met, and he masked for
time to present- this matter to the: court.
Pillsbury and Heney came into this con
flict of words and so did Judge Maguire,
who begged of the court to .decide ' the
Geary contempt at once as all the. evi
dence was taken on this case. .The court
told Maguire hewa's one of- many, and
that he -should wait until all the testi
mony was Inscribed for their Judicial
cognizance. Judge McDaughlin was /given
until to-day at 11 o'clock to present his
arguments for a continuance. ;
REDDING, Oct. 28.— Pathetic is the
case of .John N. Gatherne, a youris Eng
lishman of good - family, who came to
Redding for his health some time ago.
His mind failed and he was committed to
Napa Asylum. His wealthy parents have
hurried over from England to his succor,
only to be confronted at the asylum by
the refusal of the authorities to allow
them to take their boy home with them.
Gatherne came to Redding more than
a year ago. He had been in delicate
health at the country seat of his parents
in England, and it was hoped the change
would benefit him. It Is now said he hai
suffered some mental trouble. A friend
had assured Gatherne in London of the
wlldness of the country and its necessi
ties, and he arrived with seven trunks full
of outlandish cowboy outfits, small arms
and ammunition. He joined the English
colony, rode the range for his health, be
came popular socially and ranked as one
of the best tennis players of the county.
A month ago Gatherne became pos
sessed of the hallucination that he was
being pursued by murderers. He grew
violent and was put in a padded cell. In
a week he was liberated, with a guard,
and his condition was cabled to his par
ents. No answer came back. Gatherne
grew violent again and was committed
to Napa Insane Asylum by Judge Edward
Sweeney.
It seems that J. Gatherne and his wif?
sailed immediately from London upon
learning of their son's dementia. Tney
wired ahead * while coming, from New
York, and learning that he was in Napa.
went thither. The officials, when aske-J
to allow them to take their son, who is
no longer violent, back to England, sai3
they had no power to do so after his com
mitment. The' distracted parents came
here and learned the full circumstances
and to-day went back to Napa. They
will take the case into court, if possible,
in an attempt to force the delivery of
their unfortunate son to them.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
The last vestige of the smallpox scare
disappeared a week ago, | when permis
sion was granted the Indians to go on the
dock when steamers were in port. This
had not been allowed for more than six
months for fear of contagion.
Homer Bird, who has once been sen
tenced to death for murder in Alaska, is
again on trial for his life in Juneau.
About six years ago Bird, in company
with three male .comrades and one fe
male, were gold prospecting on the Yu
kon. They were living on a small boat.
According to the testimony introduced,
Bird shot two of his companions without
cause and drove another ashore. The
woman escaped. Bird was caught through
the' efforts of the man who was driven
ashore. He was tried, convicted adn
sentenced to be hanged, but was granted
a new trial through technicalities.
Work on the immense Government coal
shed at Japonsky Island was stopped for
a ' few hours this week by reason of a
strike. There has long been bitterness
between the men and Foreman Young. A
new foreman was appointed .• and peace
was restored.
SITKA, Alaska, Oct. 19 (via Seattle,
Oct. 28).— According. to reliable informa
tion recently received here, the. Rodman
Bay, mines are likely to exceed in magni
tude the famous Treadwell mines on
Douglass Island. Rodman Bay is about
sixty miles from Sitka and the mines are
located on Baranoff Island, in a valley
eight miles from tidewater. The mines
are' operated by the Rodman Bay Com
pany, a corporation financed principally
with English capital.
The ore tested shows itself to be of a
low grade, but in -great, quantity. It. is
\u25a0believed that the mountain, at the foot of
which the shafts will be sunk, is a solid
mass of low-grade ore, running from $3
to S4 to the. ton.
"Work, on all the mines in the vicinity
of Silver Bay, seven miles from "Sitka,
has been pushed to the utmost this sum
mer. \u25a0 -
Gold-Bearing Deposit Is of
Low Grade, but Seemingly
Inexhaustible.
Sad Mission Brings an
English Couple to
This State.
Are Unable to Obtain Their
Boy's Release From the
Napa Hospital.
Rodman Bay Mines Ri
val the Treadwell ••\u25a0 • '
Claims. .
FIND THEIR SON
IN AN ASYLUM
SOLID MOUNTAIN
OF PAYING ORE
the san jFRANciscocALii, Tuesday; October 29, 1901.
Call Reporter Refuses to Answer a Question Asked by Attorney Heney
in Nome Contempt Inquiry and; Court Decides in His Favof-^Mixed
Proceedings Held, Resulting in Much Argument and but Little Progress
ATTORNEYS APPEAL TO THE COURT
AND COMMISSIONER GETS A REST
The taking of testimony in the Nome contempt cases before Commissioner Hcacock was
interrupted yesterday by arguments made on motion before the Circuit Court of Appeals. The Gov
ernment' has finished its cast;, with the exception of placing two. other zvitnesseson the stand, men
who have not yet arrived from Nome. To-day the attorneys representing the respondent, Arthur
H. Noyes/ will appear before Judges Ross, Morrow and Gilbert, sitting as the Circuit Court of
Appeals, and ask* for a continuance until such time as the court may designate just what portion
of the testimony already' taken shall be met by them. They allege that the testimony so far pro
duced is largely hearsay, opinion and deduction. Their arguments will rest on these allegations.
CONTINUANCE DESIRED
BY THE RESPONDENTS
PASADENA. Oct. 28.— The new Ray
mond Hotel, all finished except a portion
of the roofing and inside work, was dam
aged by rain yesterday. The kitchen and
front porch had not yet been finished,
and water soaked through while work
men hurriedly placed temporary flashing
for protection. The plaster of the upper
rooms -was soaked, and may; have to be
replaced. \u25a0 : •:-• - •
New Raymond Hotel Damaged.
Letter.
SALINAS, Oct. 28.— Lee H. Davis, a
prominent rancher an dstockman, thjs
afternoon commenced suit for $10,000 dam
ages against Henry Miller, the "Cattle
King." The complaint charges that Mil
ler, while in Merced a short time ago,
wrote to Louis Herstoff of San Francisco
and Salinas a letter which referred to
trouble Miller - had had with County
Treasurer Taylor of Salinas and Taylor's
brother of j Priest Valley over some cat
tle. In the letter Miller is alleged to tave
said: \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
"If Lee Davis is the man who soM me
cattle that had been sold before and
\u25a0whom I think is an out-and-out villain, I
\u25a0would not buy a bullock from him."
These words, Davis, claims, are slan
derous; hence, the suit.
5
FOR MAYOR,
AC A D U/CI I C
un III ilLLLJi
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE, |||
. . . FOR .
AUDITOR
HARRY BAEHR,
Regular Republican Nominee.
VOTE FOB
JOHN FARNHAM
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR,
REPUBLICAN NOMINEES.
FOR TAX COLLECTOR, .
Joseph Fassler
Democratic Nominee,
. VOTB FOR ,
EBOLAND,
; : Democratic Nominee for ' - i
PUBLIC ADMINISTRATOR
• J , (Incumbent.)
CITY ATTORNEY,
Judge Jl. Barry
Regular Republican' Nominee.
r t \u25a0' r a ' P'^
For Tax Collector,
Edw'd J. Smith
Republican Nominee.
Foi* -SHERIFF* • \u25a0
John lack matin,
Regular Republican Nominee.
\u25a0 \ , . ... . . .. ...
Fop RECORDER,
Republican Nominee.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Do You Know.
lalt Breakfast food
AndJts Great Advantages ?
Malt Breakfast Food is the >great f oo'l
triumph of the age. It combines .the
health-giving properties of pure malt
with 'the-. 1 strength-yielding virtues of
choice, wheat. \u25a0••:.! \u25a0 ;- : ".. . h\
>\u25a0 Malt Breakfast Food which contains the
greatest concentration pf nutriment is tha
most ; delicious, -the most: easily; assimi-
lated, the most . satisfying and the mo3t
strengthening of all grain foods.': \u25a0'.,- . ,
Malt Breakfast Food in ; its manufacture
is partially- predigested, so. that the weak-
est, stomach can . relish and appropriate
every particle. /. '- .:•"'.) \u25a0'-'\u25a0 \u25a0> ~ " -.-
\u25a0Malt Breakfast Food is not an irritant,
nor, does it. task, digestion as 1 other cereal
foods do. It quiets the deranged stomach
and keeps "digestion perfect: »
\ Malt -; Breakfast Food la. the best, food
for youth, middle' and old ageJ It builds
up ; flesh, \ bone and strength,., and gives
activity and clearness to the. bralnl. It is
heartily indorsed^by food epicures as well
as, by* the host -'of friends^ it: has .'made
amongst all classes of our people. . .
POLITICAL.
| *^ " ,_ r _-_--. .'-_-_-_ 1 i-i.-!-i_-iL-i--i-^_i-i_r-i_i-i,i-i_i-i-.-.-r-._i-^i-._r-|_i-i_ri_n_r- 1 i- > i-,o.r».r^_ru-i_^_-
I ..FOR.; .
mayor;
Democratic Nominee.
P Ban Francisco, Tuesday, 29 October, 1901. B
I Tuesday special, x 1
"Irish Pomts," $1.99. I
C . Beginning at eight o'cl ock this morning we will place on sale ' B
one hundred pairs of Irish Point Lace Curtains that regularly sell :i 1
for $2.75 the pair, at the sp ecial price of $1.90. the pair. These cur- > ;. 1
tains are 42 inches wide and 3 l A yards long, and the design is .un- .-'- )"£•.\u25a0
• usually, pleasing. The pict ure above does not represent the pattern ', |
a exactly. No more than two pairs will be sold to any one person, : ; 1
fj and no mail or telephone orders will be honored. . :-.§
U Sale will continue only, until 6 p. m. Come as early as you can.J 1. U
J (Successors fo~ California Furniture Co.) I
I 957 to 977 MarKct Street, OppJ Golden Gate Avenue.^ J; Cupid : is "'always ' pictured^ as .a ; child—
-probably. b"ecause":he . has ! never -. reached
the ase of discretion. ""'\u25a0: \u25a0\u25a0 ..-.\u25a0 -.'-i •';-.•
'\u25a0\u25a0 -It tis about -time for the police to inform
Pat; Crowe that:if he will stop letter .writing and pro- :
ceedTto •.kidnap' Miss Stone" from the Bulgarians, all
Vill be'forgiv'eri. '." c *" V: ' " * ",.
_ •The'Jc.hlcf issue in-this^campaign is that of prevent
ing Burke;' Herrin, Gurist and Goldberg from looting
San Francisco. -- 'V - v .•
Judging from ; the comment; upon the President's
action in inviting BookerT.-. Washington; to dinner it
would seem'to ,be the^nio^;of:Mr^Gra^ffijS
a society leader. thi President :is a 'little.'tob strenuous.
' ". Mr. .Wells* statement, that ifhe \\z& known what
kind of men Herrin and Btirke were going to' put on
his Supervisor ticket he would. not have accepted the
nomination any more than he" would give up his
hope of going to heaven shows that his first impulses
_ireair right and that his phry defect is that he does
Lv not live- up to them. .; . ,-, \u25a0- . .'. •-"•""i.i : .^
In . a case before- Judge . Lynch at
Wilkesbarre, Pa:, the olher day,, color
names predominated.: Charles Brown ; waa
charged by; James White^with larceny
and breaking.' Both t are -colored men.
W^hite is quite" brown .and : Brdwn is quite
black. There were ; two ; witnesses, ..Mrs.
Green, who' is white, and Henry Gray^
who is \ very dark. \-: Brown had stolen a
green.sult beionging to AVhite and a pur
ple "waist belonging; to | Mrs. White. -^ He
was found guilty, and "sentenced to two
years in jail. \ : . - :. . .^> \u25a0' >. '• \u25a0 •
- " A .Massachusetts^udge }in^ ; a \ recent divorce case
refused to accept: as : conclusive the "evidence a
woman on a question"; whether a; man was - drunk.
His Honor evidently believes'-.'that drunkenness can
be distinguished only by- those who ; have]'bVen:-thefe}
TALE OF MANYv COLORS:
\u25a0 It. is said that Santps-Dumont has expended $500,
000'and risked his life 'in twenty-five accidents in'his
efforts to develop a successful " airship r so it would
seem that Lipton's Jierye in- trying, to ;get a British
yacht that can-beat anything.of the kind in this coun
try is not the only .thing iti' the'way of enterprise on
the : globe. ' ''\u25a0•, \u25a0 ; - \u25a0/ : , : .'/\u25a0\u25a0-• ; :
MTASH1NGTON, D..C, Oct. 28.— The fol
lowing Californians registered at the
hotels to-day i: At . the Sho.reham— Mis.
Asa B. Wells, -San Francisco. At the Ar
lington—Miss Lillian Bishopi San - Fran
cisco. " At: the Cochran — Miles M. Jones,
San Francisco." At the -Johnson — S. J.
Ballard.tLds Angeles. • At the National—
R, O. Lincoln, O: L. Blackman, Sari Fran
cisco. At' the Metropolitan— S. E. Busser
and wife; James C. Love, Los Angeles
At the Raliegh— John G. Rapp, O: Harr.on,'
San Francisco.'
Californians in. "Washington.
\u25a0• Since King Edward' has determined that his coro
nation shall be a spectacular" performance with none
but the nobility in the cast; it'is believed that'the Coun
tess of Clancarty, ; who was' Belle Bilton;.. the Coiin
tess .° f Orknev » who ; , was Connie^Gilcbristf the Mar
chioness of ' Headfo.rt, who was a.ballet;' girl; " the
Countess of Berkeley, who "was a music-hall -singer,'
arid others of the same type, "ought to be prepared to
shine with the* brilliancy. of: their^ old days and give
the amateur "performance something of the; glow , of
the real thing! . . ' ' ; ; ' : .
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco — C. J3.''.Bickford, at Hoffman; J.
H.Hulen, at New Amsterdam; C. John-,
son, at; Murray Hill; W. Lewis. and. wife,
at Vendome; 'J. N Ach,-T. Foster and wife,
Mrs. E. 'Wallace, at Manhattan; " Miss
.Davis, at' Normandie; H. -E. Fischbeck
and wife," at Park Avenue; S. Friedman.
M. Sliverstein and wife, at: Imperial; B.
Hickmott,' Miss Hickmott, L. L: Lawton,
at Navarre; T. H. Larkins, at Victoria;
Mrs. J. Lincoln, at Holland; Mrs. I. Nis
bet, at St. Denis; I. C.;Williams and wife.
Miss Williams, at Everett; C. F. Wright,
at Sturtevant; W. Wright, at Grand.
:From Los Angeles— F. .. Bradshaw, . at
Herald • Square; B. Gartade, at Marlbor
ough; W. E. Gray and wife, at Cosmo
politan; Miss A. E. Griffith, at Earling
tdn; J. D. Wesner". at Grand Union.
From Oakland— J." C. Eas'ton .and .wife,
C/ Walty, at Park Avenue; G. .B. Morgan,
at Cosmopolitan. 3 ' '• •'
From Santa Barbara— C." Stoddard, at
St. Denis." . '. : - \u25a0• -\ •(->; ' ji
; From San Diego— H. \ A. Patterson, a.t
Plaza. . '. . -
Californians in New York.
MR. 'ASQUITH, who ranks among the fore
most Liberals in Parliament, recently- ad
« dressed his constituents on the issues of \he
day, and_ in doing so brought to .. .public
once more the fact that the Salisbury Ministry is in
power only because the, Liberals cannot' -frame a
programme of' work on which they will agree. In a
recent contest at Lanark,' where a strong majority pf
the voters are Liberals, the seat was won by a Con
servative because of divisions in the Liberal ranks.'
The socialists put up a candidate against the party
nominee and a considerable Irish element in the pop
ulation voted with the socialists, so that it was a
walkover for the supporters of the Ministry. . '.-
The Conservatives who are thus, profiting, by ,the
mistakes of -their have done nothing^to
deserve public confidence. "It is not only that their
predictions concerning the war have been invariably
discredited by the events, and that the intelligence
of the country now perceives that the nation was hur
ried into a wasteful and bloody struggle by blunder
ing" or worse on the part of the Ministers, but that
the home policy of the Government has been as futile
a's its military policy. .
'In'his'.address. Mr. Asquith said: ''The country
has, in my belief, Httle affettipn* for, and. still less
confidence in, -its present rulers." Never has there
been so little to show as a restiltbf six years of power
—six years during which anj&lmost t . unexampled ma
jority in-the. House of Commb'ns-.ha's been able to act
uritrammele'd and A unchecked ; by-its docile -partner in
ihe .House-,of Lords^/ What use have the Government
made iff so "unprecedented^ an . .^opportunity ? f What
liave .they done tp improve the social"^onditions and
to brighten the lives of the people? Gentlemen,, they
have tinkered at housing; they have fumbled with
education; they have procrastinated- over temp'er
arice,' and -they 'have played' the game of battledore
and shuttlecock with old-age pensions. And even
their one considerable achievement in -the domain of
social reform—the workmen's- compensation act of
1897 — is so honeycombed with exceptions and con
tradictions* that^iThas become the , despair .an-d the
laughing-stock /of the Judges of England." - - :\u25a0..
'-.On that 'shpwing; there is clearly a need fora betr
ter Government in-Great Britain^. but the opposition
is- unable to offer it.: The socialists have no desire
to put the Liberals into power, a'nd the Irish party
has taken such a stand with ; relation to the union withi
England that jMr.^Asquith 'declares ' he. would; not
agree for the Liberal party to take office: if its'con
trol of jPariiament were .dependent upon Irish votes.'
It would seem: that his position in that respect is
justified by the facts/ for it is certain the Irish- are
acting for themselves and would not be a reliable
part ot any governmental majority except "where an
Irish measure favored by them '.^vas .under cdhside'ra- 1
tion.' : ' "' *• ' ' ' "'/'^ 0Jj$M '
A gratifying feature ."of the addfess/is'the showing
of a willingness; to consent- to' the -grant- of- a'iarge,
measure of home rule. to the', Irish people.': Mr. Ast
quith . asserts that the problem can •riever ; be -settled
any other -way; He says:" "The problem of r Irish'
There is a certain hopelessness in the present cpn
dition of the Liberal party in Great Britain that bodes
ill for the empire. Since" 'British statesmen admit
they. can. do nothing for thr'solution of .the Irish
problem, what .will- they do" when : they > have j the task
of governing the Transvaal Dutch P^TheVe 1 will be in
South Africa .another Ireland as intractable as /.the
Old, and one whose problems "may .'be\ven more dif
ficult;to solve; S '" -• ' ': . v. '\u25a0:.-. v^'v/ ' ''". \u25a0'"•.-.•. .'. t
government is as serious and as intractable as it ever
was. . You cannot kill it by : kindness; you cannot
extinguish it by.land purchase; -/you may shut your
eyes to it, but it will continue to. stare you in'the face.
Indeed,.in some ways, the problem grows ;more com
plicated and more perplexing-as it- is '.more clearly
seen to be closely bound' up with two other-problems
of statesmanship. The future has to solve-the'effi
ciency pf our Parliamentary machinery, and "the, re
lation' of the different parts of. the empire to the'cen
ter and to one another.. For my -own part I believe as
strongly as ever I did in the two governing principles
which I have preached -among- you ever .since I have
had the honor to be yotir. representative— viz., first,
the necessity of \u25a0maintaining the universal, absolute
and unimpaired /of the imperial ' Parlia
ment; and, subject to that condition, the' policy' of
giving as large_ and as liberal a devolution, of' local
powers and local responsibilities is statesmanship can
from time to time devise." * '.. . / \u25a0 . . .
BRITISH IjIBER^IjIS]^.
Charles— No, dear.. I don't feel at all
hungry- this morning, to tell the truth
Your biscuits are very nice, indeed. By
the way, I wonder. if there are 1 any of
these dog biscuits left that I bought fo-
Nero on Friday?— Somerville Journal.
Young Bride— Why, Charles, you don't
seem to be eating anything this morning
And I got up early to make these biscuits
for you, too. ... ";
Yes. You see that stagnant . pool in
the foreground? ."Well, sir, I had to sprin
kle crude petroleum all over It to keep
the mosquitoes off."— Cleveland Plain
Dealer. " »
"That canvas of mine that I call -Sun
set on .the Jersey Meadows' is the most
realistic thing I ever did."
"Is It?"
I see that the King has turned wine
merchant, deah boy. He's sold off such
a dweadfully large quantity of bottles "
"I wondah why he doesn's need the
stuff, old chappie?"
"I suppose it's because he's lat so many
of his chaplains go, don't yoa know "—
Cleveland Plain Dealer. ' r
The Right Rev. "W. H. Moreland, Epis
copal Bishop pf Sacramento, is at the
Occidental, accompanied by his wife.' ,
E. S. de Golyer, a mining man. of Den
ver," is on' the coast inspecting his^many
mining claims. He is staying at the
Palace. v :
Judge Frank H. Short arrived here yes
terday from Fresno. He is here in refer
ence to the Bakersfleld oil case that opens
for a rehearing before' the Railroad Com
missioners on November 12. " ...
L. L.. McCoy, the well-known attorney
of Red Bluff, registered at the Grand
yesterday.
C. R. Van Osdel, a mining man of
Tuolumne," is among the arrivals at the
Grand. ' . • -
J. D. Powell of Sacramento Is a guest at
the California;
W. H. McClintock, a mining man of So
nora, is at the Lick, -ff/
Dr. S. A. Wright, a prominent physician
of Minneapolis, is at the Grand.
Julius Paul Smith, the vineyardist of
Livermore.is a guest at -the Palace.
C. Jesse Titus, the banker of Mountain
View, is at the Palace, accompanied by
his wife. " -. '
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Only one public man-in the South has denounced
snd deprecated the wcrk of Washington among the
'members of his race, and that is the inexpressible
Tillman of South Carolina, who declares that the in
dustrial education of the negro is a detriment to the
country! We do not believe that the Maryland
voters wiil be influenced by caricatures of the Presi
'dent or his wife, but if they. can be this ie a good time
! to find it. out.
The North has not been harsh nor hasty with. the
South in its struggle with the race problem. ,Jf that
struggle is for the preservation of society there is no
to interfered. But if.it is a manifestation
of mere prejudice, an .outbreak of personal ' hatred
and a sodden and sordid expression of enmity tcrthe
negro for. wjiat he can't help, his color" and his racial
character, the views of the -North are subject to
change and the power of the constitution may be in
voked to protect thexWack 'man, who, left to himself,
ctn^proteet his- rights only, by the miracle of changing
his skin. To reasonable men it appears that when a
negro, bd.rn.in slavery, raises .himself by his own ex
ertions and genius as Booker Washington has* done,'
U'is.the first duty of, good citizenship to. recognize
.and encourage him.: : It goes- without saying that if
all, or a majority, or a large fraction, of the negroes
' in this country were, equal. to.: h'im, it would be better
for the country and a glad thing for both races. -
Therefore, by encouraging him t let others.be en
couraged to be like him. : . President Roosevelt .^ has
.acted from a profound philosophy and in line ', with
the peace and 'welfare of his country by- giving' this
foremost negro in the world the recognition mer
ited by his talents, training and work.
*.'. Those who turn it into an appeal to prejudice and
, ignorance ar« not acting" from philosophy nor patriot
} ism. Their motive is the ; s6rdid J bne of office-getting.
Professor Washington has hot regretted the wresting
of the ballot and .of political power from the South
ern negro,, for he sees 'no good to him in the posses
sion of -a\power that he does -not know how to use.
His object is to enlarge the: negro's means of liveli
. hood by manual training, .increasing his knowledge
snd-his-skili in the economic use of his capacity. -He
wants him educated to want a better house,, to .be bet
ter clad, to own real property and to be trained to get
all these by his own exertions. One may well pity
a man who has no sympathy for such a work and no
encouragement for the earnest man who has started
and prosecuted it s'o promisingly among the "people
.of his race. "• "\u25a0\u25a0 ' : . - \./' ' ;'C-- '\u25a0\u25a0i." v -\ • \ .
MR. GORMAN'S Maryland machine ' thinks
there are -votes in caricaturing President
. \u25a0 Roosevelt and his, -wife for having^ -Booker
Washington dine at the White 'House. .Tlicy.-.repre'-
sent Washington as a "burly negro" antf -the- Presi
dent in the form in which Hearst's papers have per
sistently cartooned hint, fc Professor Washington was
made M. A. by Harvard and carries the honorary de
gree of. Yale. He has" been entertained by the presi
dent of -Yale 5 and has -sat" in banquets with white gen
tlemen Jnc the South. ; : We have nb't yet heard of any
Southern students withdrawing from Yale "or-* Har
vard, or of any Southern gentleman refusing to ap
pear with Professor Washington on any public occa
sion. .
ATTACKING THE PRESIDENT.
CZAR— E. G., City. Czar is the English
designation of the Emperor of, Russia.
The Russian Is Tzare, with the e mute.
It is a corruption of the Latin Caesar.
The Russians also use Tsar. In that lan
guage Czarttza and Tsaritsa are the
equivalent of Czarina. Tzar, sometimes
Tsar, is the form*, while the Russian la
Tsare. One etymologist asserts that Czar
Is derived from the old Slavonic language
and signifies very much the same as the
German Kaiser and the Latin Caesar, to
which it probably owes Its origin. Somo
etymologists identify it with the termina
tion of the names of the old Assyrian
kings, such as Phalassar, Nabonassar and
Nabopolassar. The title of Tsare was first
given to the Grand Duke Vladimir, who
reigned 950 to 1015.
Never having tried either of the methods
this department cannot say anything as
to their efficacy. »
TO REMOVE VARNISH-E., City. The
following are given as methods to remove
varnish from an oil painting: "Remove
the picture from the 'frame. "Wash tho
painting with a weak solution of carbo
nate of ammonia, wiping it off with a
sponge wetted with water as soon as it
has fulfilled its purpose. If allowed to
remain too long it will Injure: the oil col
ors. Another way is to spread a thick
coat of wet fuller's earth over the surface
of the varnish, leaving it on long enough
to soften it. It may then be removed by
washing."
The "Ligue Contre le Mai de Mer" may
/never be able to discover a way of totally
preventing seasiekness, but it may be
able to so direct and instruct people in
hygienic methods that an ocean voyage
will cease to be-the martyrdom that it
: now is for those who are "poor sailors "
For example, one will know whether or
not it is advisable to eat heartily before
embarking, and what kind of food must
be taken. It is evident that if among a
thousand persons who have eaten before
embarking there is found, to be^a greater
number of cases of seasickness than
among the same number of .persons who
have not eaten, the main part of the ques
tion will have already, been answered.
As soon as the Ligue has a sufficient
number of adherents to constitute a
strong "moral force" It " will endeavor to
bring to bear a pressure that will oblige
the steamship companies to follow the
elementary. rules of hygiene in the mat
ter of table fare. It will also give its
support to the inventors of suspension ap
paratus .that are intended to counteract
the motion of 'vessels.
a general correspondence on thfs vital
topic, and letters are coming in by thou
sands. From the tone of the majority "of
these letters it will be possible to ascer
tain under what conditions seasiskness is
developed In the majority of persons, and
consequently a definite problem can be
proposed for solution.
PERSONAL MENTION.
I" T is Impossible that all - the persons
• who have ever suffered from seasick
ness have heard of the.Ligue Contre
le'Mal de Mer. It is also improbable
that' those who have "paid their trib
ute" from the ship's deck would hesitate
very long about paying a visit to the
headquarters of this well meaning Ligue
if they were reasonably certain of learn
ing how the terrors of seasickness could
be averted. . ....
The object of the "League Against Sea
sickness" is to bring together all -those
who are "interested" in the' subject of
seasickness as a result ; of having had
practical experience in that line and who
want to be rendered immune fo'r all time.
The Matin remarks that the Frenchman
who has once had' seasickness will never
travel on the perfidious element again as
long as he can travel on land, and that
this explains the lack of colonial develop
ment on the. part of the French and some
of the difficulties experienced by that na
tion In Its relation with other countries.
The Ligue Contre le Mai de Mer is hope
ful of .being able, to do something practi
cal with this malady, which is so regu
larly made a subject of ridicule. on land,
but which is sometimes such a serious
matter on board ship' that the victims
would' like^ to 'be thrown Into the -sea.
The secretary of l the Ligue \u25a0 has opened
Association Founded ta Ascertain Under. What Conditions
Malady Develops and to Seek Remedies. ...
PACIFIC CABLE COMPANY—Subscri
ber, City. A company called the Pacific
Cable Company was incorporated Decem
ber 16, 1895, to establish a cable between
San Francisco and the Hawaiian Islands.
The lncorporators were'Abram S. Hewitt
of New York, Colonel Fred Grant, G. M^
Dodge, D. O. Mills, Wager Swayne, Jame's
J. Hill of St. Paul, Z. S. Spauldlng of San
Francisco, John X. Browning of Tenafly,
N. J., 'and Mason W. Taylor of Jersey
City. , : . . .
OLD-TIME FIRE— Pioneer. City. The
office of the Pacific Mail Steamship Com
pany was In the Howard building, on the
corner of Leidesdorff and \u25a0 Commercial
streets, or Long Wharf, as it was called,
until forced out by the fire of June 14,
1850, when it was transferred to Sacra
mento and Leidesdorff streets. ' •
. / .
THE DAHLIA-R. G. f City. The dahlia
is a native of Mexico and was named for
Dahl, a 'Swedish botanist, who first cul
tivated it In Europe. It was brought to
England in 1S04 and was first cultivated
in the French garden, Holland House*
Kensincton.
TEMPLE AND CALL BUILDING— J.
M. S., City. The height of the Masonic
Temple in Chicago is 275 feet on a ba3©
of 170 by 113. The height of The Call
building from the sidewalk to cornice i3
310 feet on a base of 73 by 73.
DRYDOCK-S. M. f City. The drydock
at Southampton was opened August 3,
1893. Its length Js 730 feet, width U2«^
feet, width of entrance at cope 91 feet, at
sill level 87:6 feet. The capacity at high
water is 14,500,000 gallons.
NUMISMATIC BANK— M. K., City. Tho
Boston directories for a number of years
past do not contain the "name and ad
dress of the Numismatic Bank of Boston"
in the list of banks doing business in that
AGRICULTURAL STATION--G. L. R.,
City. The United States agricultural
experimental station nearest to San Fran
cisco Is the one located at the University
of California, Berkeley.
'MASONS— A Subscriber, Cal. For the
information asked in regard., to Masons
you bad better-address a letter of Inquiry
to the secretary of the Grand Lodge.
FOUR years have passed since S. A.
Andree started for; the North Pole;
in a "balloon. ' . The Swedish courts
, have declared that the explorer
may legally be supposed to be dead.
Andree's; own extreme limit ot time has
passed, geographers agree that he is lost,
his own brother has accepted the bequests
made to him in Andree's will; yet his
mother ; and his sister are still confident
that he is alive and will return. -
-These two .women * live at Grenna in
Sweden. They keep themselves ready to
receive him any day or night and dust and
clear every, morning the rooms in which
he made the plans for his expeditions. Say
what you may, produce .the ':-\u25a0. most ' con
vincing proof that Andree must be dead;
bring forth; the ,'strongest. arguments "in
favor of. your contention, the mother and
sister will listen quietly 'and when you
have finished will simply say: "Hah'lefver
och will, otervanda." \\ (He : is -alive and
will return.) . . ( \u25a0-!
'It .is not- merely hope, not* merely • a"
strong desire.fthat makes these women so
absolutely certain of the' return of their
son and brothei*. It is their belief thfit
Andree went forth to seek the North. Pole
and : to.find it "in fulfillment of a mission
given to him by God. "And the Lord has
never- forsaken- one -of -his servant9i"-.is
the way they explain it. { ; v >j !
.The mother, Fru Minna Andree, is near-;
iy.70^ though* her clear, ruddy face,.- her
erect, carriage.. arid the continuous smile
f hat -jP!ay s around her,, face make her-ap
pear much' younger." Her. rather robust
daughter, Fru Emeline Spanberg, is^a
lively', gbcd-natured' woman, and" mother
and;.daughter impresV the" visitor as. a
pair of .the'/nios't intimate" friends. The
.—.->*- . . .; . .'.-. .'. . -\u25a0.....' .\u25a0"'. '" .-._"•-'\u25a0\u25a0_ i
cottage they live in is a roomy, one-story
building, furnished simply. Most of the
furniture is substantial oak and an" etch
ing or two relieves the somberness of the
walls. y .-.
They are devout .worndft and Fru Andree
invokes grace before each meal, "And,
O Lord, kee# thy servant, my son, and
return. him safely," she has .ended her
prayer every day for these four • years.
"Amen! Amen!" responds Fru Spanberff.
It is impossible to describe the glow of
pride and satisfaction which spreads over
the kindly face of the mother when she
exhibits the' first shoe her son wore, when
she .points out the first, prayer book. he
used, when she holds up to your inspection
the white, tie he wore at his confirmation.
And when she opens the drawer and takes
out the various parchments which testify
to the -success her son in high school
and, university, "-when she handles the va
rious medals he received, when she^asks
you to. read tne'flattering letters in which
countless scientific societies notified him
of his. electionjas one of their members,
then, indeed, you see. in her motherhood
glorified. ... . ._ ._..',...
"Has there ever., been a mother more
blessed- than' 1?" ; she .asks..- and it must
besaid- that- her face gives, the answer.
"From •boyhood, on my. boy has. felt that,
like the apostles of old, he must go to
parts unknown and preach the gospel.
Not in the same way as- the regular mis
sionaries. Oh, no! -He \u25a0 was never much
of a talker. \u25a0 But God gave him the ca
pacity and opportunity to' study and that
is also one way to -make God's goodness
known. -Yes, he was .to find the North
Pole, and by. his discovery of this much
sought-after region to testify before the
world of the' greatness of our Lord."
FRENCH LEAGUE 1S FORMED
TO WAR SEASICKNESS
SAIJAHIES— M. K.. City. The parties
asked about in letter of inquiry do not
disclose the amount of salary they re
ceive.
Although; Four Year/ Since |He Slartedfor thePoleThey
Are Confident'He Is Safe.
There. are two motives that may by_n' % municipal administration^^ that are Essentially
bad and injuribus-. ; One Js the desire for power/for ;w.bati; there "is iruit tpf • persorial' gain,
and fhe\other-f or use^to get some other^ office! ;V"When either 6f T thes6appeSs1ts
ance is significant of corruption "and maladministration. The people have learned to watch
for both and will repudiate either if properly informed of its presence as the power behind
a- ticket: To "that work and duty we try to summon the voters^ of this city* and we
believe they will come. * • . .' ..',... -;V ... .'""..'
:.: The election of Mr. Tobin will bring to the'administration of affairs not a partisan
spiritedMayor but one of public spirit, who is not using the position as a stepping-stone to
something else, but is willing to do his duty to the people without laying wir.es or patch^
ing fences to help liimself or some one else in party politics; v r » -.
; San Francisco has now the/opportunity to rebuke unto death boss rule in \u25a0\u25a0muhic*
ipal matters, and to do a great work in purging the innrmities; out of general party
management. - . -, N ': .:\u25a0\u25a0 ;^ • ;: ;^ ' \*
-. : ?If people have attended diligently to the course of The Gall they must by,this time
knovv'-that it stands for clean partisanship. in Republican matters and for straight business
iii city administration. We have not consciously favored the doing of a dirty thin«- in
properly partisan matters, and we will certainly not be found on the side of indecen(Tv in
public matters .that have rip natural relation to party politics! Webelieye in free conten
tions in party matters; where party men may meet and reason together and openly ballot
their way to an agreement, and not in conventions that -are programmed in advance and
meet only to ratify conclusions reached in secret by a small clique of manipulators:
;.'. - 1 "~\, Whe.ntwo political parties nominate city tickets it is the privilege of every voter
"to Jselect;*, those candidates whom he will support, and, if he be a wise man he -will, prefer
<S o -°*K an w '^ men ' no m atter upon which, ticket they, are found:>v^e^'ried : to impress the
men- who,- chose themselves to run the Republican party in .tliis; city: with this iact.'. But
4hey refused to be impressed. They refused to make a ticket^tolwhich the. independent
v # pte f 4 JV : c ' u ! d &° to fin d men deserving of. his support. They made the head and taiL of. the
ticket, the- Mayor and; Supervisors, ; of .such material as revolts, the. .citizen who "wishes. a
correct' 'and business administration of the city. .That they .did Jihisjs not pur fault, and
:*^ke:weak and unfit candidates on that ticket' succeed, ..the • blame^vyill not be; ours;
•Around' -the unfit parts of that ticket we see eyeiy ; rapacious and 'offensive r element iri
0^- 1 ? 1^^^ The passes which prey upon; the commum^,: those^ who offend against
Itsjrrioralsr those who consume taxes without equivalent service^and" those who want '^td
control a-municipal administration \ in order to barter public / authority; to interests that
'thrive^by getting more than their lawful rights/all march^invthe|prqc^ssiori; that pushes
the fortunes of the candidates who are notoriously unfit fqr;tXe.'jp_laceS:.t^y^sy6ki^^^^.^
We desire to make the result of this election exemplary: Wil^pelthaV'it^will forever
admonish the manipulators of politics for private, gain that -San, Francisco* offers 'no* field
for their exploits and holds out no hope for the success of-their schemes. We hope that
the way of this city in the future will be made plain by t^y^j^^p^j^itf|^]nS^c^
always pressing for municipal control, w*ill be so baffled thaVth^ will Mesist^rid leave the
government of the city to those \vho; desire it administered 'in' ihe^^ublic interest,'and to
serve.no other end. This is a disclosure of the motive whicli^w?^$|[ip^up|SSwit|! the
most enlightened members of both parties; but. especially is Tit the motive of the bestipart
of. the Republican' party. If they succeed in this battle the credit" belongs to such. men
in both parties and runs to no party. ,. . • .
THE ambition, of San- Francisco is to .have a strong/ man for. .Mayor. A man is
needed who has , no strings on him, but has the independence to do justice* to all
men and to: every interest.^ Look ;\vhere you will tat the history municipal
misg-overnmeht in this country and its odium begins *' in making national party r
divisions the main issue. in the election of a city government. • • •
': \u25a0 t It is a fixed habit of the American people to vote with party in every matter that
concerns -national politics. When a, Senator is to be elected '.; gobdrmqn habitually,/ and
open-eyed, vote for bad candidates bf their party for the Legislature lest a seat in . the
Senate should be lost. The misfortune in city government : begins: in > making partisans
believe that they owe this same allegiance in'a city election and :to a .municipal ticket.
•iThat belief has no foundation. Such allegiance is no more due in a'city election than it
is .in the transaction of business. "No man employs a Democratic lawyer on account, of
_his_politics. No man trusts his money with a bank because its officers are of his party.
fin, the employment of men whose work is necessary in business, ho inquiry is made into
\u25a0their politics. Partisanship ceases in all business matters, and running the government
•ofta-city is just as much business as the running of a- sawmill.; .• -\u25a0;. , - -^ >
A. STRONa MAN' NESBHDEHpL
EXPLORER ANDREE'S MOTHER AND
SISTER BELIEVE HE W1LL RETURN
SOME ANSWERS
TO QUERIES BY
CALL READERS
THE SAN-FBANCISCOVCALL, -TUESDAT >; , OCTOBER 29, \u25a0l'JQl;.
TUESDAY ...OCTOBER 29, 1901.
JOHN D. SPR ECKELS, 'Proprietor. |j
Aiizttt All Cmtmuniratioas to W. 8. LEASE, Ktaiger.
MANAGER'S OFFICE... Telephone Prets 204
I'lTIi JLIC ATI O ST. OFFICE Market and Third, 8. XT.
' ' "Telephone Pren SOI, i '
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
Delivered tor Carrier*. 15 Cent* Per Weelr.
'''%": Slncrle Cople*. S Cents.
Terms or Mail, Including Postage*
DAILt CALL (including Sunday), cnt year.. .....$!.<*
DAILT CALX. <!ncludinr Bucdar), \u25a0 monthi.i... S.« |
DAILT CALL ClndodlB* 6unday>. t : .».onth«.j. 1.58
DAILT CALL— By" BI=k1« ;31ontB. ...:..... 65o
EC2CDAT CALL. On* Tear... l.W
WEEKLT CALI* One Tear 1.00
All postmaster* tare . authorized to reeeiro
subscription*. - >
6usp!t espies will bs forwarded when requested.
Uafl snbeerlbers In ordering chanre of address ehould ,*•)*
fMLrtleclar to &*• t»th NEW AKD 'OLD ADDRESS !n order,
to Insure a. prompt and correct compliance with thetr request.
OAICLAJVD OFFICE...;.. 1118 Broadway*
C GEOUGE KROOXESJ.
. Kiuger ttitlgn Advertising, Karqnette Building, Chicago,-** .
CLcbk Distance Telephone •"Central *CJ."> \u25a0'. : ';"="
« NEW TORK CORRESPONDENT: '-• \u25a0
C C CAB.LT0X Herald Square
KEW TORK BEPRESENTATnTBx v ""-"- t
CTEPBEH B. SMITH...... ..30 Tribune Entitling
CEICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House: P. O. News Co.; Great Northers Hotel:
House; Auditorium Hotel. ' '. i- - —'
NEW YORK- NBW8 STANWt V'i
Waldorf- ABtoria Hotel; A. Brtntano, II f Union EQoara;
Ucrray Hill Hotel. — •
.WASHI1SGTO1V CO. C> OFFICES. . . .1406 G StL Tf. W.
MOUTOX E. CRANE, Correspondent. .
BRAJTCH OFFICES-^6J7 Montgomery, corner of Clay. op«a
ttntn 1:30 o'clock. 800 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
. McAllister, open until 8:20 o'clock. CIS Larktn, open until
* I-JO o'clock. 1941 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market.
corner Sixteenth, open until S o'clock. 1091 Valencia, open
entil • o'clock. 1C« Eleventh, open until t o'clock. NW.
corner Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until S o'clock.
2200 Flllmore. open until 9 p. m.
6
__ . _ \u25a0 f - ...\y.-- . ... \u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0-
2 A Pages ftuman Interest Stones A
\f' \u25a0"••\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 £\j
Beginning November 3
THE SUNDAY CALL MAGAZINE
SECTION WILL* BE DEVOTED
EXCLUSIVELY TO MATTERS OF
LOCAL* INTEREST' BY BEST
KNOWN WESTERN WRITERS.
/ Beginning November 3 '-".*.-.
: _ : AN EXTRA EIGHT-PAGE SEC-
— TION,, FOR WOMEN AND CHIL-
DREN, WITH HALF-TONE IL-
- LUSTRATIONS. , ; \"*. V
Special Arrangements Have Been Made
For Contributions From the Following
Famous Writers: , .
BRET HARTE, JOAQUIN MIL-
LER, JVfADGE. MORRIS, IN A COL-,
• ;, .' BRITH, KATHRYN JARBOE.. '\
: r/^l-A. FRANK NORRIS AND PAULINE C : 1 :
\u25a0 .'•• BRADFORD MACKIE. \u25a0
THE CALL'S ILLUSTRATIONS EXCEL
- Dr. Stanford's Liver. Invig-orator.
Best Liver Medicine. VegetableCureforLIver Ilia.
Biliousness. Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria.
In walking a mile a man uses seventeen
and a half foot tons of energy. An or-
dinary day's work consumes 300 tons.
\u25a0 Special Information . supplied - daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits, 50c a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap, bas-
kets; A nice present for Eastern friends
639 Market street. Palace .Hotel building. •
Cal. Glace Fruit 50c pfer lb at Townsend's.'
Choice candies. Tonwsend's, Palace Hotel*
"Walnut and Pecan Panoche. Townsend. •
AMUSEMENTS.
Alcazar — "Tennessee's Pardner."
- -\u25a0 \u25a0 Columbia— "The Henrietta." '• \u25a0
Orpheum — Vaudeville. ». •
California— "Sporting Life."
Tivc!!— "La. Boheme."
--- Central — "The Greati Northiyest." : "-"
Grand Opera-house— **My- Friend From India."
.Grand Opera-bouse— Grand oper-a,- commencing November 11.
' Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
evenics. ; -'-..-.. ',.:'- *'
Fischer's— Vaudeville. -. • .
Sutrtf Baths — Open nights. - _ -
AUCTION SALES. t '
By F. H. Chste— This day., fillies and geldings, at 1732
Market street. . ' r
By Occidenta.1 Horse Excliange— This day, . horses, at 721
Howard street '
By W. P. Be auchamp— This day. bazaar goods, at 928 How-
ard street. - '-."'"-\u25a0.« " : .-\u25a0\u25a0'-
\u25a0• By J. J. Dby le— Wednesday. October 30, at 11 o'clock, horses,
at 227 Siinh street. ..CONSTANTINOPLE (Sunday), Oct. 27.
— A further installment was paid yester
day on account of the contract with the
Cramps of Philadelphia for a cruiser,
making the total paid in the neighbor
hood of $70.000. -
Paying for the Cruiser.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— The North Ger
man Lloyd steamer Kaiser Wilhelm der
Gro'sse, which sailed from New York Oc
tober; 22, has again broken her. eastward
record, having arrived at Plymouth at
3:08 this morning, after a passage of five
days ten hours from Sandy Hook .light
ship. Captain Hoegeman's . cabled dis
patches to the agents of the line stated
that the Kaiser had made an hourly
average of 22.8S knots and daily runs of
503, 535, 534, 526, 539 and 338 miles.
Ocean Steamer Breaks Record.
Steamer Movements.
twenty-five minutes .later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29.
Sun rises . .' ...;.;..'........ 6 :51.
Sun sets .\... ....5:15
Moon rises .....7:07 p. m.
ITime Time . ITlme Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W Ia W H W L W
29... 1:00 6.1 5:45 2.4 11:56 • el 6:48 —1.1
»0 ... 1:56 6.0 6:34 2.7 12:43 6.2 7:41 —1.0
tl ... 2:56 4.9 7:30 2.9 1:36 6.0 8:39—0.7
1 ... 3:56 4.9 8:36 3.2 2:36 "5.5 9:39—0.4
2... 4:55 5.0 10:00 3.2 3:46 6.2 10-40 0 0
3... 5:51 6.2 11:24 2.8 5:02 4.9 11:38 0 4
4 ... 6:44 5.3 12:40 2.4 6:23 4.5
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand- column- and the - successive - tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of the
day, except -when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights given are In ad
dition to the soundings of the United States
Coast Survey Charts, except when a minus (— )
sign precedes the height.: and then the number
given fa subtracted from the depth given by the
charts. The plane of reference Is the mean of
the lower low waters. . .
% Beautiful Crystallized Minerals. S
The collection contains many rare spe
cimens , not. generally found in a private
cabinet and embraces besides rich ores and
ornamental stones hundreds of attractive
and beautiful crystallized minerals from
different \ parts . of America and foreign
lands.
; San Francisco on receiving this gener
ous gift can boast of having the finest
collection of geodes on the Pacific Coast,
if not in the country. There are about
thirty specimens of these and no two
alike.
The collection is very rich in calcltes
of various forms and colors and fluorites
in groups of beautiful crystals in differ
ent shades of red. pink, purple, gTeen
yellow, white, etc.,' from different parts
of the world, the celebrated English fluors
being fully represented.
The group of quartz Is particularly in
teresting, there being many
crystallized specimens of various forms,
including quartz in phantom crystals—
these freaks of nature which show I a •
crystal within a crystal. There are fine
specimens of amethyst in crystallized and
massive form from Mexico and foreign
countries and beautiful hematites.
There is a splendid group of silver min
erals, n,ot merely ore-bearing rock, but at
tractive specimens rich in free wire silver.
. • Other Rare Specimens.
Other specimens are the rare mineral
known to science as arguerite, a combi
nation of silver and quicksilver, found in
its natural state, and the very rare min
erals selenium, osmium, iridium-and plat
inum.
: Other specimens .that are most inter
esting are a mineral curio which resem
bles a fungous growth on a decaying tree,
known to the mineral world as bernardi
nite; a specimen which looks like a piece
of white leather is known to scientists
under the' name of .plllnite;' a "crystal of
halite (salt) contains several water bub
blesrthe water being Inclosed In cavities,
which can be seen to move as the speci
men Is shaken or vibrated.
•The collection numbers about 800 speci
mens and is valued by its former owner
at $10,000. It is deemed one of the finest
private cabinets in the State and about
thirty years' research was . necessary in
the forming of it. Mr. Braverman states
that he has received applications from
several Eastern institutions, as well as
two on this coast for his collection, but
has concluded that the general public will
derive greater benefit from it in the Park
Museum than elsewhere. ' \u25a0
'A magnificent addition to the mineral
exhibit in the Golden Gate Park Memo
rial Museum . has been made by Max
Braverman of Visalla. It comprises a col
lection of -minerals, embraced in ten
cases, and containing many rare speci
mens. The ten cases arrived on Satur
day and are now being. unpacked and re
corded. Work will then be commenced
on a series of labels, each one of. which
will be fully descriptive of the specimen
to which it is attached.'
Some idea of the : extent of' the collec
tion may be gained; from the fact that at
least several weeks' time will be required
in -the preparation and printing of the
labels alone. : In the meanwhile the col
lection : will be temporarily installed In
flat top cases and kept together In the
center of Mineral Hall,: so that the public
may have an opportunity of seeing it in
its entirety. Later it will be arranged in
systematic order in the general mineral
collection. . K ' \ .. . • . .: •-
Its Value Is Great to Students
of Mineralogy and
Geology. • '
Presents Collection of
Minerals to Park
Museum.
IUX BRAVERMAN
MAKES DONATION
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer. FTom. I Due.
Roht Dollar.. Seattle and Hadlock... Oct. 29
c °rona San Pedro & Way Pts. Oct. 29
Kureka HUmbbldt Oct 2?
w. H. Kruger. Tillamook Bay Oct. 29
Gaelic China and Japan...;... Oct. 29
Walla Walla... Tuget Sound Ports Oct. 29
G. Dollar Grays Harbor Oct. 29
Portland Nome, via Seattle Oct. 29
Edith Seattle Oct. 30
North Fork.... Humboldt '. Oct. m
San Pedro . San Pedro ...|Oct. 30
Alameda Honolulu '..'. |Oct 3u
Despatch San Pedro Oct. 30
Crescent City. Crescent City ...Oct 31
Sesostrls Seattle Oct' 31
J. S. Kimball. Seattle and Tacoma.... Oct. 31
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts Oct 31
Point Arena... Point Arena .: Oct SI
Columbia Portland and Astoria. 1 . Nov 1
Rainier Seattle & N. Whatcom Nov. 1
Prosreso....... Seattle Nov. 1
Washtenaw.;.. Tacoma Nov. 1
Pomona. Humboldt Nov 1
Mandalay Coquille River Nov. 2
Umatllla....... Puget Sound . Ports Nov' 3
Newport... v... Panama & Way Ports Nov 8.
State of Cal... San Diego & Way Pts.JNov 3
TO SAIL.;
Steamer. Destination. I Sails. I Pier.
October 20. I \u25a0"'
Thyra.. China' and Japan IPler 27
Empire Coos Bay 4 pnilPler 13
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma. 5 pmlPler 3
Pomona...... riumboldt • 1:30 p Pier a
October 30. v
San Pedro... Humboldt io am Pier 2
Alliance...... Portland & C. Bay 8 am Pier 16
State of Cal.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
G. W. Elder.. Astoria & Portland li am Pier ->i
, . . October 31. . j .
Leelanaw.'... N. Y. via Panama. 2 pm I Pier 10
fiuieka....... Humboldt 9 am Pier u
Arcata C. Bay & Pt Orford 10 am Pier 13
City of Pekln China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Sequoia Humboldt 5 nm Pier 2
Rival./. Wlllapa .Harbor.... 12- m 5th St
November 1. '
Despatch..... Seattle direct 5 Dm Pier 1R
G. Dollar Grays Harbor .... 5 p m Pier 2
' #;»- November 2. . -. •. \u25a0
Alameda..... Honolulu 2 pm Pier* 7
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
North Fork.. Humboldt » am Pier i
American.... Honolulu ....\u25a0....:.. .... Pier 20
Corona... Newport & Way... 9 am Pier 11
Point Arena. P<Mnt Arena ...... 2 pm Pier i
• \u25a0\u25a0 . - •'- November 3. -\u25a0 \u25a0*\u25a0 '
Santa Rosa.. San Diego & Way. 9 am Pier 11
J. S. Klmball Seattle & Tacoma Pier —
' November '4. . -.
Columbia..... Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 21
* • FROM SEATTLE.
Steamer.. i ; Prom. '. - I Du*.
Dlrlgo....-i...'.. Skaguay &. Way. Ports. Oct/-'31
City of Seattle Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 1
Humboldt...... Skaguay .& Way Ports. Nov. 3
Farallon....... Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 7
City of Topeka Skaguay & Way Ports. Nov. 9
Bertha.. J Valdez & Kodlak Nov. 10
-In some-Swiss hotels a fixed charge of
$200 Is ' made • in case of the . death -, of a
e u e st - \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 ' ' : \u25a0' \u25a0 M:%.Mm&
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and ' Geodetic \u25a0 Survey-
Times and: Heights of High , and ,. Low,
"Waters at Fort Point; entrance : to' San
' x Francisco • Bay. -Published -by official au
thority of the Superintendent. .. • •\u25a0::•:. i.
. NOTE — The hiRh . and \ lot* waters occur .at
the city ' front (Mission-street ' wharf) \u25a0 about
The -Board of 'Public Works- submlttcl
yesterday to Mayor Phelan an exhaustive
report on the "cost- of transforming the
Geary-street roadjnta \u25a0 an v electric" line,
with . a ' : vie w toward ultimate munclpal
ownership of the property.. This informa
tion was announced to the ' Board of ! Su
pervisors at its 'meeting, but Mayor -Phe
lan decided not 'to give the report to the
public; until • he had - perused it. The re
port gives figures on certain proposed
extensions of the \u25a0\u25a0 line,, and' will be used
should the proposition be submitted to the
people some time next year;;- v
Report on Geary-Street Road.
For side rides to points on the Santa Fe.
Open. to holders of Episcopal Church Con
vention v tickets, friends accompanying
and holders ' of nine .months' excursion
tickets. - Dates *of '\u25a0 sale, September 2-1 to
November 10. inclusive. Limit 30 days.
For timetables, : descriptive . literature and
full Information "call at Santa Fe offices,
641 Market St., and ferry depot.
Special Bates
Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographic ' Office, U. S. N.', Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco Cal "
October 28, 1901. ' ~ \u25a0 . - . *
• The Time' Ball on the tower . of the Ferry
building was dropped | exactly at noon to-day,
I. 1 e., at noon of the 120th meridian, ' or at 8
p. m., Greenwich mean' time.
f • ; "v \u25a0- J. t. •. McMillan,
Nautical Expert, in charge.
SAILED.
. \u25a0-.. - • Sunday, October *7.
Stmr Iaqua, Gunderson, Eureka. -•--_
Monday, October, 28.
Stmr Bonita, Nooander, Port Harford. ".
Stmr Noyo, Johnson, . Eureka. ;.„..\u25a0 •
Stmr Newbunt, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Slmr Whltesboro, Olaen;. Greenwood. .
Etmr* Weatport.- Ericsson, Bear/Harbor.
Monday, October • 28. "
Stmr South Portland. Sears, Seattle; Good
all, Pei kins & Co. .: -
Stmr City of Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria, etcJ ;
Goodall. Perkins & Co. \ \u25a0 .. .
Stmr San Juan, Robinson, Panama and way
ports; Pacific Mall & S Co..
Nor stmr Thyra, Halversen, Hongkong and
way ports; California and Oriental S S Co. '
Br" ship British General,' Thomas, L:ndon;
W R Grace Jt Co. . ' , \u25a0 .
CLEARED.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED. "
Monday, October \u25a0 28.
17 S S Meade. "Wilson, 27 days from Manila,
via Nagasaki IS days.
Stmr Asuncion, Evans, 86 hours fm Tacoma.
Stmr Mackinaw,- LittlefleJd. S3 hours from
Tacoiria. -
Stmr Curacao, Parsons, 3 days from Guay
mas, via Ensenada 2 days.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 40 hours from Mos^
Landing.
Stmr Alliance. Hardwick, 6 days from As
toria and way oorts.
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, 30 hours fm Trinidad.
Stmr Rival, Johnson, 4 days from South
Bend.
Nor ' stmr Tcllus, Pederson, 90 hours from
LadyHMlth.
Br shla Marion Fraser, Irish, 55 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Br shiD Chelmsford, Burd. 166 days from
Hamburg. »
Br shiD Bracadale, Toulden, 68 days from
Newcastle, Aus.
Br ship Lady Wentworth, Murchle, 134 days
from Hamburg. .
Ger ship Elfrleda," Meyer, 133 days from Ant
w»n>. . . • .
Bark Prussia. Jensen, 16 days f m Portland.
Fr bark Edouard Detaille, Lucas, 166 days
from Cardiff. •
Bktn Gleaner. Schmehl, 15 days from Grays
Harbor.
Bktn Coronado, Potter, 16 days from Hono
lulu, i
Bktn Portland, Clark, 16 days from Tacoma.
Schr Advent. Olson, 9 days from Coos Bav.
\u25a0 Schr Lena Sweasey, Forest, 14 days from Co
lumbia River. \ .• "
Schr Bertie Mlnor/> Ravens, 5 days from
Eureka. ' •'.' -
Echr Mary E Foster, Thompson, 20 days fm
Honolulu. • . \u25a0
fcchr Nettle Rundborg, Larsen, 16 hours from
Point Arena. Up river direct. .
Tri* eteamer San Juan sailed yesterday for
Panama and way ports with a. general cargo
valued at J3S.117, manifested and destined as
follows : For Mexico. $ 18.370; Central America,
S7LSSS: Panama, $1635; Callao. Peru, 1464. The
prinilpal exoorta were \u25a0« follows:
To Mexico — 25 c» bottled . beer. 10 cs canned
rootle, 20 cs blacking, 6 cs drugs. 18 pkgs dry
goods. 23 cb electrical supplies. 25 cs fuse. 256
pkgt glassware, 8 pkgs groceries, 165 pkgs hard
ware. 4350 ft lumber, .78 pkgs machinery, 2650
lbs laiillstuffe. 21 kesrs nails, 20 pkgs paste, 63
jikgri paints and oils. 11 bdls pipe, 15 kegs pow
4er SOU tbs etaxch. 10 bdls shooks, 806 lbs sago,
Departure of the Panama Steamer.
Matters of Interest v to Mariners and
Shipping Merchants.
The British %biv Orontes is chartered for
wheat to Europe, prior to arrival; the British
steamer Carlisle City, eame «*
Tlie .chooner O. II Kellogg will load lum
ber at Eureka for HJlo; the XV. H. Smith,
lumber at Blakeley for Callao. 4as,- chartered
prior to arrival.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Captain Harry Marshall of ths Govern
ment tue Slocum is very sick at the
"Wiildeck Sanatorium. His many friends
are all awaiting anxiously for his recov
ery. In the meantime Captain Palmer,
formerly chief officer of the Slocum, is
in command.
The overdue fleet Is now reduced to the
Boanoke. now out 138 days from Nor
folk. Va., for San Francisco; 15 per cent;
the Benjamin F. Packard, now out 139
days from Norfolk, Va., for Honolulu, 15
per cent; the La Tour d'Auvergne, 160'
days from Swansea for San Francisco, 10
per cent; and the Glenbreck, 164 days
from the Tyne for Valparaiso, is still
quoted at S5 r>er cent. ,
A Chinese was found swimming in the
bav at an early hour yesterday morning.
At' first he was thought to be an escape
from the Mall dock, but later the police
decided that he had Jumped overboard
from the cannery vessel Electra. The
inongol was taken to the Harbor Hospi
tal, where he said his name was Ah Jim.
CtiJttoms inspectors are keeping a watch
on Mr Ah. as they have the impression
he has no right to land In this country.
Water Front Notes.
The bark Electra, which arrived from
the canneries ,on Sunday, dragged her
anchor yesterday and drifted down on
the British ship Principality. The ves
sels were separated by the tug Sea King,
after which it was found that the Elec
tra had her rail carried away and other
mi:aor damage to her hull, while the Brit
isher only lost a small quantity of paint.
Vessels in Collision.
The steamer Thyra, which . was cleared yes
terday for China' and Japan, carried merchan
dise from this port fqr China valued at. $63,348
and for Japan $74,204. The following were the
principal exports: . " -
Tq China— 17,258 bbls flour, 1180 lbs mlllstuffs,
S05 lbs : copper, 254 sks sea shells, 30,860 Tbs
shrimps, '20 ctls oats, 625 lbs rais.lnsr 3533 Ids
dried fruit, 400 lbs beans, 2 crs bicycles, 9 cs
•honey. • ; ' • ' .'
To Jaoan — 1300 bales cotton. 56 rolls leather,
40 bbls oak extract. 230.635 tbs tanbark. 1 cs
hardware. , \u25a0'
Exports for the Orient.
Sailing of the San Juan.
The Pacific Mall Company's San Juan
sailed for the isthmus yesterday. one
carries a fair cargo for Central American
ports and the following passengers, many
of whom are for New York:
General F. Canedo, Alfredo Esquerra, S. M.
Col<>, F. G. Troebul, Luis Armor, H. V. Bryan.
Mrs W. W. Felton, Teresa Rivero, Miss Mamie
Blocking. Mrs. L. Peterson and child, Mrs.
Cuthbert J. llaldonado. J. B. Courtade, Miss
F. Canedo. Miss C. Courtade, Mrs. H. de
Esquerra. Xicolasa Nava, P. H. Cochran, J.
B. Z)ennls. A. G. Schlndler, T. W. Tompkins.
Clavlus Marius and family, Mrs. Jonanuet and
chiliren, Juan Jacoby, J. H. Ramierez and
family. Miss M. Becker, Miss Matthews, An
tonio Rivero. L. Patron and son,- Sirs. A.
Martinez Miss C. Mathian. Mrs. A. de Ochoa,
Miss C. de Ochoa Marie de Esquerra, Roberto
<ie Esquerra, Mrs. R. Pelre and child, Mrs.
F. Leon and three children. E. Schmidt and
wifs. Miss M. Sacchez. Miss F. Cruz, Miss
Alcalde Anton de la Vega, J. B. Ingunso, Mrs.
Anna F. Field.
The steamer City of Puebla sailed yesterday
for Victoria with an assorted merchandise
cargo valued at $15,813. including the follow
ing: .22 bbls flour, 577 pkgs paste, 2 cs dry
goods, 181 .gals 1C2 cs wine, 100 tins matches,
8 cs' champagne, 854 lbs nuts, 242 cs canned
goool, SS9 lbs raisins. 9825 lbs tea, 15 pkgs
paints ' and oils, 7 pkgs machinery. 14 bales
bags, 600 lt>s chocolate. 6 cs drugs, 56 pkgs
paper, 5. cs honey. 179 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, ' 4188 lbs coffee, 6 rolls leather, 4 cs
arms • and ammunition, '17 sks bran. 1107 lbs
leaf tobacco, 32 cs meal, 11,443 lbs beans, 40,146
lbs dried fruit. 1208 pkgs fruits" and vegetables,
102.3U) lbs malt, 4S15 lbs dried, peas, .183 lbs
hops. 160 lbs cheese, 3 cs electrical supplies,
220 Its sulphur, 287 lbs pepper.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
For Ecuador — 50 bbls flour, 12 pkgs groceries
and Provisions. *
For Peru— 16,141 ft lumber. 20 cs salmon, 1356
lbs prunes, 4010 Itis soda, 26 pkgs groceries and
provisions.
For Chile— 48 cs canned goods, 395 lbs ham
and bacon, 1012 ctls barley. 100 cs salmon.
For Central America— 9600' lbs rice, 1275 bbls
flour, 25.es canned goods, 7 pkgs groceries and
provisions. 4 cs paints and oils.
For Panama — 3 head of cattle.
For Mexico— 17,160 lbs beans. 823 pltgs gro
ceries and provisions, 39,592 gals cocoanut oil,
22 cs canned goods, 100 tbs hams, 16 pkgs paste,
75 sks potatoes, 30 sks 25 crs onions. 30 bxs
apples. El cs salmon. 30*0 gals coal oil, 9560
lbs tallow. 392 lbs tea. 16,672 lbs bluestone. 110
bales hay. 65 cs paints and oils. 2 bbls beer,
1170 lbs raisins.
In addition to- cargo previously reported "the
steamer .Loa., which sailed Saturday for Val
paraiso and way ' ports, carried merchandise
for Mexico valued at $6995; Central America,
$4703; Ecuador, $453; Peru, $1108; Panama, $300;
Chile, $1563. The addition included the fol
lowing:
Additional Cargo for the Loa.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr
NopnJland. from . Liverpool via Queenetown;
stmr Cartharentan, t mm, Glasgow and L'ver
pool via St Johns,. NF, and Halifax, N-S. -
PLYMOUTH— Arrived Oct 28— St m » Graf
Waldereee, from New York for Cherbourg: and
Hamburr. ' **"~ '
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Lahn.
from New York for Naples and Genoa. •
CHERBOURG— Arrived Oct 28— Stm- Kaiser
Wllhelm der Gro«se, from- New York / v!a
Plvmmith for Bremen. ,\u25a0 ~ \u25a0 . - '
HOLYHEAD— Passed Oot 28— Stmr Dominion,
from Portland. Me., for Liverpool. \u25a0'• - ...
. LONDON— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr 'MInnehaha.
from New York. ... . ,«• \u25a0
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Oct 23— Stmr Manltou,
from London. • ' - .:
GLASGOW— Sailed Oct 2fi— Stmr Mongolian,
for New York: stmr Pomeranian, for Montreal"
LIVERPOOL— Sailed Oct 26— Stmr Korean'
for Philadelphia via St Johns, - N F \u25a0- .
LONDON— Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Montevldean,
for Montreal. , • .
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Sama
tlan. from Montreal. . ' \u25a0 •
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 28-^Stmr State \ of
Nebraska, from New. York. . - . y, \u25a0 .
NOUMEA— Sailed Oct 27— Bktn Wrestler, for
Newcastle, Aus.
ANTOFOGASTA— Sailed Oct 12— Br ship Mil
verton, for Tacoma. • \u25a0
LADYSMITH— Arrived Oct 26— Nor stmr
Herda, from Esquimau.
HONGKONG— Arrived Oct 25— Br stmr
Strathgyle, from Oresron. ,. \u25a0 v \u25a0 •-
' MANILA — Arrived Oct 5 — Nor stmr Guern
sey, from, Vancouver.
MORORAN— Arrived Oct 11— Br stmr Guern
from Oregon. . \u25a0 \u25a0 .
HAVRE— Sailed Oct 25— Fr bark Marths
Roux, for San Francisco.
PORT ARTHUR— Sailed v Oct 20— Nor stmr
Tiger, for Astoria.
* HAMBURG-Arrlved Oct 27-Br bark Port
Carlisle, from Oregon. - . .
ACAPULCO— Sailed Oct 25— Stmr Newport,
for San Francls«oo.
\u25a0 CORONEL— Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Oregonlan,
from Kahulul for New York. \u25a0
ENSENADA— Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Curacao,
for Pan Francisco. \ "
NEWCASTLE, Aus— Sailed Oct 14— Br ship
Eva Montgomery; for San Francisco.
CALLAO— In port Sept 22— Br ship Anaurus,'
for Oregon. E , -„ • .
SOURABAYA— Sailed Sept 26— Ship Kenll •
worth, for Port Townsend. ,' .
SHANGHAI— Arrived Oct 27— Schr Wm Bow
den, from Port Blakeley. . \u25a0 -
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 27— Stmr Hawaiian,
for San Francisco. • \u25a0 •
FOREIGN PORTS.
EASTERN PORTS.
SEATTLE— Sailed Oct 26— Ger stmr Sesostrls.
for Port Blakeley; stmr Jeanie. for SanFran
cisco. Oct 27— Stmr Dolphin, for* Skagu'y;
stmr .Centennial, for Ilamna Bay. Oct 28 —
Stmr City of Topeka, for Skaguay. -
Arrived Oct 27— Stmr Senator, from Nome;
stmr City of Topeka, from Skaguav; s mr
Garonne, from Nome.- Oct 28— Stmr Gen Slg
lin, from Nome.
TACOMA— Arrived Oct 28— Schr Marion, fm
San Francisco; schr Glendale, from San Fran
cisco; stmr Washtenaw, from San Francisco.
Sirnr Ban Juan, Robinson, Panama.
Stmr Coos Bay, Nlcolson, Moss Landing.
Stmr Navarro, Olsen, .
Stmr National City, Dettmer«, .
Stmr City of . Puebla, Jepsen, Victoria and
Puget Sound oorts.
Br stmr Victoria, Casey, Victoria.
Ship Emily Reed, Baker, Sydney.
Bktn City of Papeete, Ipsen, Port Ludlow.
Schr Jennie Griffin, Campbell. Fort Ross.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— October 28, 10 p m— "Weather
hazy; wind NW; velocity 30 miles per hour.
COLLISION.
The bark Electra, anchored off Meiggs wharf
October 28, dragged anchor and collided with
Br shlD - Principality. Electra had rail and
after bumkin on starboard side carried away
and was slightly chafed^The Principality had
plate on port bow stove., "" •
.MEMORANDUM.
Per ship Bracadale— On Oct 10 John Mannen,
seaman, a native of Boston, aged 68 years,
died and was burled at sea. .On Oct 18, in 23
N 128 W, spoke Br ship Riverside, from Liver
pool for Oreffon. \ \u25a0 ' '
\u25a0 MISCELLANEOUS. .
LONDON, Oct 28— A Newcastle (Aus.) tele
gram says:- Tug- -picked up, a boat belonging
to the Br ehlD Hyderabad, which sailed from
Newcastle, Aus, for San. Francisco Oct 26.
SPOKEN. "N • •
July 30— Lat 11 03 N, long 28 35- W, Brship
Puritan, • from New York for Shanghai.
',% DOMESTIC PORTS.
NOME— In port Oct ,19— Stmr Queen, from
Seattle.
Sailed Oct 18— Stmr Valencia," for Hunters
Bay and San Francisco. \u25a0-
SAN PEDRO— Arrived ' Oct 28— Stmr
Despatch, from Seattle; stmr Brunswick, frm
San DIeso. \u25a0 ,
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct 28— Schr
Expansion, hence Oct 20; bark Ceylon, from
Honolulu; ship , Great Admiral, from Callao;
schr Gen SlKlin, from Nome;
Sailed Oct 28— Ger stmr Sesostrls. for San
Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Oct 27— Schr Vo
lant, hence . Oct 13.
• BANDON— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr Mandalay,
hence Oct 25.
NEAH BAY— Passed cut Oct 28— Stmr Jeanle,
from Seattle for San Francisco; ship Ha
waiian Isles, from Chemainus for Port Plrie.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Oct 28— Schr Alpena,
from Ballard for San Francisco.
SOUTH BEND— Arrived Oct 28— Bktn Arago,
hence Oct 19.
POINT REYES— Passed Oct '28 at 2:45 p m—
U S S Madrona, from northern coast for San
Francisco. - • '
BALLARD— Sailed Oct 27— Schr AM Bax
ter, for San Pedro.
EUREKA— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr South Coast,
hence Oct 27; stmr Iaqua, hence Oct 27.
Sailed Oct 28— Stmr Eureka, for San Fran
cisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived : Oct 28-Schr
Maid cf Orleans, hence Oct 19. • >
ASTORIA— Arrived Oct 28— U S S Seward.
from Seattle. Reported outside— Fr bark Gen
eral Mellinet, from Hamburg; Fr bark Lamo
rlclere, from Hull, both bound to Astoria.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Oct 28— Stmr
Santa Rosa, from San Francisco, and departed,
for San Diezo.
256 lbs spices, 716 pkgs tank material, 490 gals
\u25a0wine, 5 cs whisky.
To Central America— 32 bxs apples. 3 cs arms
and ammunition. 7 drums ammonia. 10,000 lbs
bleaching powder, 135 pkgs bottled beer, 10,923
lbs beans, 221 lbs 1 cs bread. 8 cs boots and
shoes, 1650 lbs codfish, 278 tons coal, 5980 gals
coal o!J. 35,905 lbs cement. 10 cs candles, 311
lbs cheese, 36 cs canned goods. 17 bales drills
and sheetings, 1C2 bales cotton domestics, 870
lbs dried fruit. 13 cs drugs, 173 pkgs dry goods,
2666 bbls flour, 270 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 452 lbs ham and bacon; 435 pkgs hard
ware. 2272 lt>s hops. 3 cs hats. 123,593 ft lum
ber. 7 pkgs leather. 17 pkgs lamp goods, 6055
lt>s lard, 174 pkgs machinery. 10,700 lt>s mlll
etuffs, 163. lbs nuts, 21 kegs nails, 19 crs onions,
71S crs potatoes. 19 pkgs paper. 152 pkgs paints
and oils, 03 pkgs pipe and fittings, 57 pkgs
rope, 155 lbs raisins, 2750 lbs resin. 87,437 tbs
rice. 54 cs salmon. 45 bdls shooks. 602 bxs soap,
738 lbs sugar, 10 ce 240 lbs starch, 5504 lbs soda
ash. 373 lbs soda, 252 lbs tea, 23,072 lbs tallow,
75 pkgs tank material, S21 reels wire. 77 cs
3492 s-als wine. ~~ —
To Panama— 1500 bxs soap, 9423 ft lumber..
To Callao, Peru— 4282 lbs dried shrimps.
UNITED STATES ARMY TRANSPORT MEADE AS SHE APPEARED IN A GALE WHILE CROSSING v THE PA
CIFIC ON THE YOYAGE FROM MANILA TO THIS PORT, WHICH SHE HAS JUST COMPLETED, ARRIVING
IN SPLENDID CONDITION. " . . «
-The Meade brought np a number of cof
fuis containing the bodies of soldiers.
One of the boxes was labeled: "The re
mains of Corporal John A. Dolan, Com
piuir C, Thirty-seventh Infantry, cap
tured and starved to death by ladrones"
(robbers). It happened in Northern Lu
zon while Dolan was out with a scout
ing party. He was captured and carried
Into the fastnesses. Quite a number of
the marauders had been killed and the
remainder of the band took its revenge
by starving Dolan to death. His com
rades were hot on the trail of the rob
bers,-however, but it was months" before
the camp was discovered and the re
mains of noor Dolan, wasted to a skele
ton, recovered. They were brought to
Msinila and then shipped on the Meade to
San Francisco. %
The Meade brought over thirty pris
oners, nearly all of whom are sen
tenced for assaults upon native women.
A colored man named Willmore is under
a life sentence for shooting a comrade.
Captain H.. A. Leonhauser, Twenty-fifth In
fantry; Captain F. W. Foster Fifth Cavalry;
Captain J. W. Heard, Third Cavalry; Captain
P. E Pearce, Thirteenth Infantry; Captain C.
E. Bennett, Artillery Corps; Captain W. R.
Das hit il, Twenty-fourth Infantry; Captain N.
P Phister, First Infantry; Captain J. F. Mc-
Blaac. Ninth Cavalry; Captain E. H. Browne,
Fourth Infantry; Captain W. M. Wright,
Second Infantry; Captain W. T. Blauvelt, Fif
teenth Infantry; Lieutenant Preston Browne,
S«;ond Infantry; Lieutenant C. A. Romeyn,
Thirteenth Cavalry, and Contract Surgeons R,
\V Newton \V. J. Enders, P. W. Beckman.
A. H. Mahon and H. D. Lewis.
It was expected that the men would be
stationed at the Presidio, but the chances
are that they will be scattered all over
the coast. The other cabin passengers
o:a the^Meade were:
Major Danes is well known in this har
bor, where he served with the Third Ar
tillery several' years before being ordered
to China in" the fall of 1900.
The United States Army transport
Meade arrived from the Philippines yes
terday. During the run across she ex
perienced some very heavy weather, and
tome of the men had a bad quarter of an
haur. Everything came out well in the
end, however, and Captain Wilson
brought his vessel into p<jrt in splendid
. \u25a0
Tne Meade brought over 960 soldiers and
a number of cabin uassengers. The tnen
are nearly all from the coast artillery.
The officers are: \ *
Lieutenant Colonel A. H. Merrill, Major H.
C Daces, - Captain H. H. Ludlow, Clarence
Deems and W. F. Hancock. First Lieutenants,
L. S. Miller, C. R. LJoyd. C. S. Patteison Jr.
and G. O. Greaough. Second Lieutenants Clar
ence Deems Jr., H. C. Merriam, R. H. Fenner
end Augustine Mclntyre. all of the Artillery
Corp*.
Presidio as Was Anticipated.
Coast Artillerymen Cannot Remain at
SGLDIEBS WELL BE SCATTERED.
A LARGE fleet, among which was
one overdue, made port yester
day. Among: the arrivals was the
army transport Meade, from the
Philippines; the British ships
Eracadale and Marion Frazer. from New
castle. Australia; the British ship
Chelmsford. from Hamburg, and the
overdue French bark Edouard Detaille,,
from Cardiff. , (
The Marion Frazer made the banner
run of the season, coming here from
Newcastle, N. S. W., in fifty-five days.
After crossing the equator she. secured
trade winds that brought her along at
steamship speed.
On the Bracadale; John Mannen," 68
years oX age, died from natural causes
znd was buried at sea.
The Chelmsford was 1G6 days coming
from Hamburg, and had a succession of
sales in the Atlantic, during which she
iost a number of sail. Friday and Sat
trday iast she rode out a heavy south
east gale, and the chances are that it is
the aftermath of that blow that made
things uncomfortable on the bay yester
day.
The Chelmsford was 166 days coming
from Hamburg, while the Edouard De
taille was 166 aays coming from Swansea.
On the latter vessel 10 per cent reinsur
ence was paid, however, and net a cent
on the Chelmsford. The reason probably <
was that the Detaille was coal-laden .and
the underwriters feared she had caugut
f.re.
TRANSPORT MEADE HAS VERY ROUGH TIME
THROUGHOUT VOYAGE FROM THE PHILIPPINES
Brings Home Nine Companies of the Coast Artillery— Also the Remains of Corporal
John A. Dolan, Who Was Starved to Death by Ladrones—Wlany Deep-Water
Ships Arrive From Australian and European Ports With Varied and Rich Cargoes
THE SAN FRANCISCO ,CALIi. TTTESDATf,; OCTOBER 29, 1901.
7
ADVEBTISEMENTS. - f
World Famous Mariani Tonic
REFUSE SUBSTITUTES. Vin
Mariani is on sale at drug stores
throughout the world.. The public is
especially cautioned against substitutes
and imitations attempted owing to the
popularity of Vin Mariani. :
DA.MEYERS&CH jMfe
Specialists. Disease ijfiBSr - r
and weakness of W&%*3 \
men. Established >3'%
1881. Consultation Tfl» *3P. \r
and private book A t » v
free,' at office or by |Sw2> ' /% raE; &
mail. Cures guar- VE&£&8frrE5
anteed. 731 Mar- ,X^*«BBftP]
ket street (eleva- / *
tor entrance), San
Francisco. " \u25a0 .
AMTJSEMENTS.
*TlVpLI*
EVENINGS AT 8 . SHARP. .
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
LASTWEfcK OF GRAND OPERA.
To-night, Thursday, Sunday Nights and Satur-
day Matinee. - ' ' .' - .
THE TREMENDOUS SUCCESS. | \u25a0
"LA BOHEME."
Wednesday, . Friday,- Saturday Nights,
"CARMEN."
With COLLAMARINI. .
Monday, Nov. 4— First appearance in America of
POLLARD'S JUVENILE OPERA CO.
In THE BELLE OF NEW YORK.
50 TALENTED CHILDREN. .
Saturday and Sunday Matinees.
POPULAR PRICES : 25c, 50c and 75c
/ Telephone Bush 9. , •
Belasco &" Thall, Managers. \u25a0 .
x ALL THIS WEEK. .
A Popular Revival of •
TENNESSEE'S
PARDNER,
Bret.Hartefs Beautiful Romance.
„ MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAJ".
Next— "NANCY AND COMPANY." '
EXTRA MATINEE ELECTION DAT
(TUESDAY, NOV 5TH.) - ,
ALL HEADLINERS !
Lillian Burkhart and Co., Miyo San.
Harris and Walters, Leslie Broth-
ers, Beaux and Belles, Mignonette
Kokin, Francis Le Page, .John
Geiger and the Biograph.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony, 10c; Box Seats
and Opera Chairs, 50c •
mcpxiro'q concert house,
rlOl/Xlim O v Admission lOc.
/ GEISSLER - HIR3CHHORN TYROLEAN
TROUPE; Symo and Syma; Celia \u25a0 De Lacy;
The Laskeys; Christy and Willis; Christian;
Harry Cooper and Hinrichs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats, 25c. . Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO- BUTHB.'
OPEN NIGHTS; open daily from' 7 a. m. to
11 p. m.: bathing from 7 a. m. to 10:30 p.m.
Admission 10c, children 5c; bathing, . Including
admission. 23c, children 2Cc. On and after Mon-
day. Nov. 4, 1901, the Sutro baths close at 6 p.m.
; : \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-\u25a0\u25a0--'\u25a0\u25a0: ft \u25a0 -. ._ .
PALACE! HOTEL.
, For a, quarter of a century these
hotels have been the headquarters of
tourists .. and travelers ; who * have
journeyed from all parts of the world
to ; San Francisco. ; . Guests enter-
tained on the American or European
plan.' V
GRAND liOTeL.
AMUSEMENTS.
PHI IIMBIA SA.T fR^KSCO*?.
i
LAST 5 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
STUART ROBSON
Is Bronson Howard's Greatest Comedy,
"THE HENRIETTA."
MR. ROESON AS BERTIE, THE LAMB.
Last Performance Saturday . Nlsht.
RXTRA! BEGINNING
PAjj! 4 NEXT MONDAY.
Engagement of
SARAH COWELL
LEMOYNE,
America's Grandest Actress*
In the Brilliant Historical Play.
THE FIRST. cha^. e8
DUCHESS OF «^«».
MARLBOROUGH lt £ZZZ'
SEAT SALE BEGINS THURSDAY.
EVERY EVENING— MATINEE SATURDAY.
Acknowledged to Be the Best, the Blgsest. th«
Grandest and Most Picturesque Melo-
- dramatic Production.
The New York and London Success
SPORTINGLIFE
Unsurpassed In comedy and startling climaxes.
NOTE-^lx Kentucky Thoroturtibred Race
Horses Introduced Durlnz tha Action of tha
Play. • - \u25a0
SEATS READY.
Next Monday Night— "In Old Kentucky."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
EXTRA I
Elllnghouse and Oppenheimer Beg to Announce
Three explanatory recitals at the piano on
WAGNER'S !»
PABSIFAI^-DIE MEISTERSINGER,
Tristan und Isolde.
(Preliminary to the Season of the Metropolis
tan Opera Co.),
BY MR. WALTER DAMROSCH.
SCALE OP PRICES— Season— three recitals
Orchestra $4, Balcony J2 50; Single "Seats, Or-
chestra, $1 £0: Balcony, $1; Gallery, 50c.
SUBSCRIPTION SEATS NOW READY.
SINGLE SEAT SALE THURSDAY.
MAURICE GRAU OPERA CO.
Orand Opera Season
' Three Weeks, Beginning Not. 11.
SALE OF SEASON TICKETS
NOWi PROGRESSING AT THE
GRAND OPERA HOUSE
Prices for season of 20 performances. $35' to
$100, according to location. Boxes in propor-
tion. Repertoire for first week will Includ*
"Lohengrin." "Carmen." "Traviata." "Tann-
hauser,'* "Huguenots," "Faust" and "Man-
on." All presented with remarkable casts and
ensemble.
Sale of Seats fop Single Perform&noss
Will commence Wednesday. Nov. 6th. at th«
Box Office of the Grand Opera.
-\u25a0.~~- ,-. Price* )2 to XI.
WEBER PIANOS USED/
TO-NIGHT— Every Evening this Week.
MATINEES SATURDAY and SUNDAY.
THE HIT OF THE SEASON.
THE GREAT
NORTHWEST.
The Most Stupendously Spectacular of All
Great Melodramas.
The Biggest Production of the Season.
DD • »l Evenings 10c. 15c. 25c, 35c. SOc
r/ft.VEO Matinees ...10c. 15c. S5c
~~^~~^~- i \ ; ' ' ~" "T \u25a0
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
To-night and Every Evening This Week.
; WALTER B. PERKINS,
The Clever Comedian, in
"MY FRIEND FROM INDIA;"
Another of H. A. Du Souchef s Funny Comedies
POPULAR PRICES— 10c. 15c. 25c, 50c, 75c
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees, So. ,.
- Branch Ticket Office ' Emporium.
NEXT w £i£.K ,: ' - v - .-. '.
'Walter E. Perkins in JSTJHE NEW^BOT."
NEW ANNOUNCEMENT. '
ANOTHEB. WONDER OF SCIENCE.
Biology Has Proved That Dandruff Is
/' . ; Causejkby a" Germ.
\u25a0 Science is doing wonders these days In
medicine as well as in mechanics. Since
Adam delved, the human. race has been
troubled with dandruff, for which no hair
preparation has heretofore proved a suc-
cessful cure until Newbro's Herpicide
was put on/ the -market. It is a scientific
preparation that \u25a0 kills the germ that
makes dandruff or scurf by digging into
the scalp to get at' the root of the hair,
where it saps the vitality, causing itch-
ing scalp, falling hair and finally bald-
ness. Without dandruff, hair must . grow
luxuriantly. Herpicide at all druggists'.
It is the only destroyer of dandruff.
i \ ' ' '• "\u25a0 ' '
CONTRAST
in the linen we launder and that done b»'.
others is all in* our, favor. . "We have an
up-to-date equipment and do up-to-date
work. We take special pains with all the!
work we do.' This' is all for your benefit,
as you \u25a0will appreciate if^ you- send your
linen here. We call' for and deliver.
No saw edges. \u25a0' -
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
' Office 1OO4. Market Strea:
' Telephone— South 42O, "
Oakland.Offlco— 54- San Pablo Ave.
For Stomach: Disorders,
Gout and Dyspepsia
- .;•-\u25a0. DRINK V- : ~
Best. NATURAL Alkaline. Water;
, SSO BROADWAY, N. V- \u25a0
ADVSSTISEMEHTS.
".\u25a0 - \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0•-\u25a0 \u25a0 \u25a0 *
Arnerica's Best
m Hunter
JB» Baltimore
iiyliyH \u25a0-• - .
rm$Styflti(CTr99 **" he most P er * ect °* the P ur "
K^fljHl Wjj"tljHn est type of whiskey. The
HMp^ffffnW^l best for every need of whis-
key, and every one who needs
||B . whiskey needs the best.
First Called and First Recalled.
CHRISTY & WISE COMMISSION CO., Inc.,
223-225 California St., San Francisco, Cal.
Telephone j Main 873. . I• : William Alvord, B. Arnold, Edward Baker,
J. Baer, G. Brenner. T. B. Berry 8. C. Buck
bee. E. \u25a0 Connelly, -P. I_ Coleman, W. H.
Crocker, Mrs. H. G. Centre, Dr. de Vecchi, J.
A. Donohoe, F. G. Dun, F. A. Dunn, W. E.
Dean M. H. Esberg, Al Esbert, J. Ehrman,
H. K. Field, Oscar Franks, Dr. H. A. Fred
erick. . Louts Falk. E. . Gallols, J. M. Gamble.
W. J. Gorham, J. Goldberg. P. L. Greenbergr.
J. H. Graham, R. Healy, Mrs. A. E. Hutchins,
R. W. Hill, R..B. Hochstadter, J. Howell, L.
Haas A. Hellbronner, Bert Hecht, P. T. Hard
ing, ;\V. D. Jones, Dr. Jellinek, Henry Kohn.
George H. Kahn. Mrs. F. B. Kellogg, Leon
Kaufman. Mrs. P. N. Lllllenthal, Mrs. W. E.
Lester, . J. M. Lowe, H. J. Lask, M. B. Lud
low. S.-B. McNear.J. D. McKee, R. A. Mc-
Lean, M. Marcuse, Max Merton. A. H. Martin,
P. L. Miller, A. Mack, Mrs. James Mudgett.
H. 8. Manhelm. L_ Mlchels. H. P. Miller, W.
J. Newman, L. . H. Norris. Simon Newman, E.
S. Plllsbury L.. A. Phillips, John Parrott,
Achille Rooa, N. D. Rideout, F. Roth, D. S.
Rosenbaum, Dr. RoBenstirn, S. W., Rosenstock,
Miss H. Rothschild, M. Russell, A. Reinhart,
W. -T. Sesnon, R. Samson, J. Salz, - Mrs. H.
Sinsheimer. J. C. Stubbs, X. Bchlesslnger,
Mrs.-.E. E. Simma, Charles Sutro, C. Schulz,
M. i Schwabacher, Vanderlynn Stow, Harry
Stetson, H. L. Tevls, Ben Tarbox, Louis Taus
slg, L. Wormser, J. A. Whlttell. C. J. Wet
more. C. R. Wlnslow. J. Werthelmer and Fred
Zeile. Charles R. Allen, L. L. Baker. Mrs.
W. H. Bremmer, N. R. Burton. G. C. Board
man," J. C. Campbell, Dr. D. Cohen, Mrs. M.
Campbell. A. Callleau, F. A. Drlscoll, Mr. de
Guigne, G. L. Ettllnger. J. Epplnger, Miss H.
M. Falrchild. Miss Beulah George, L. Geistle.
L. Greenbaum. A. \u25a0 L. Gutterson V. H. Hen
derson, S. G. Hindes, A. Hansen, A. C. Hooper,
H. Heyeman, G. Kanzee, S. H. Kent, W. H.
Leohey, Robert . Leet, • L. Metzgar, Frank
.Morton, G. Musto. M. L. Margolis, W. Mlnt
zer. L. C. Nicholson, "W. B. Pringle, H. G.
Platt. R. E. Queen. Ar'Rosenbaum, E. Rochet,
SC Roberts, W. H. Robinson, Georjre Storey,
L. S. Sherman, B. G. Sommers, Mrs. Lloyd
Smith, F. J. Symmes E. J. Tobln. George E.
Townsend. H.- Veroni, E. S. Vanner. H. W.
AVilF.on. F. S. Wood, Miss E. Williams. Miss
Wellendorf, K. Wright, Mrs. R. Wallace, Mrs.
L. A. Wright. • Charles Zlnkand;
"William B. Bourn, "William F. Herrin. Mrs.
A. Meertief, M. H Hecht, John D. Spreckels,
H. M. Holbrook. W. S. Keyes. E. W. Hopkins.
Mrs. K. P. Frank, J. De A Witt Allen, Mrs.
Phebe Hearst, Mrs. I. W. Hellman, Mrs.
Maurice Casey, Mrs. W. P. Fuller, A. F.
Morrison, Walter Martin, James D. Phelan,
General William R. Shafter, Mrs. Isidor
Schwartz.- Leon Sloss and " M." H." de Young.
Among the subscribers for seats are the
following:
took four for the season in the orchestra.
The sale continued steadily up to 1:30
o'clock, at which time the receipts figured
up approximately $65,000. The subscribers
for the boxes are as follows:
GRAU'S REPRESENTATIVE WHO
IS ARRANGING FOR THE GRAND
OPERA SEASON IN THIS CITY.
BERLIN, Oct. 28.-The Naval Depart
ment wHl introduce on the two new bat
tleships 28-centimeter rapld-flring guns,
the -largest heretofore being .- 24 . centi
meters* -••\u25a0\u25a0'•\u25a0'-.-,-•---•-'•.-•-.•-•»«!..• .•••..
Guns for German Battleship.
j LONG BEACH, Oct. 28.— At the meeting
of the, City Council to-night. the. 1 Drake
Electric Railroad franchise* was sold to
the Huntlngton syndicate for $9600. Wo-k
will be begun on both lines at once and
200 men will commence operations on the
streets of Long Beach: , This ends a, bit
ter fight for, right of.-. way. 7. At present
the ; Salt Lake and Southern ' Pacific lines
are* the only! roads ,toi center . at „ Long
Beach, and they have bitterly opposed the
granting of any. franchise for electric
roads. \u25a0 • ' " . '• . -^ , \u25a0 \u25a0 ..• .
HuntingtonGets the Franchise.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 28.— C. E;' Atwood,
who is accused by the management of
the. Hotel Rafael of, having passed a
\u25a0worthless check for $50, on * the establish
ment while a guest • there some months
ago, will in all likelihood be brought back
to stand trial. It is claimed that Atwood
has had similar transactions with the D.
Samuel's lacehouse of San Francisco and
banks in ' Healdsburg, Pasadena. . St. He
lena and Pomona. At present, It is
claimed, he is in jail in Los Angeles.
When his term expires next month Dis
trict-Attorney Mclsaac intends to have
him brought here. . .
Atwood Will Be Brought Back.
Of Interest to People of the Coast.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.-Postmasters
commissioned: / California— Stephen W.
Morgan, Sunnyside. Appointed: Califor
nia — M. J. -Isaacs, Etna \u25a0 Mills. Slskiyou
County vice F. J. Wetmore, resigned. \u25a0--;\u25a0
. These \u25a0 pensions ' were granted : Califor
nia: Original— Osman C. Drew, \u25a0 Knights
Ferry, $6; Felix Goodroe,"-- Modesto, - $8;
Peter Fitzslmmons, Vallejo, $6. .War with
Spain— K. Ernest F. Winkler, \u25a0 Hollister,
$8. Increase— George Brown, El Cajon, $10;
Daniel Teadley, Veterans' Home, Napa,
$10. <: '\u25a0' '\u25a0\u25a0 .
Oregon: Original — John Gllmon, Barber,
Independence, $6., .... , - , \u25a0
Washington:-- Original— Samuel . A. San
ders, Seattle, $6. - \ ..;.\u25a0\u25a0 .
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 28.— Superior Judge
Angellotti this morning sustained the de
murrer of the defendants in the case of
the Shafter estate against members 'of
the Country Club. Some time ago the
estate sued the club for $4500 damages for
the destruction of a barn and other build
ings upon its property. In sustaining the
demurrer to the complaint to-day Judge
Angellotti decided that the complaint did
not show that the members - sued were
members of the club at the time of the
alleged depredations or that . the estate
owned the premises at that time.
Country Club Members Triumph.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.— Mrs. \u25a0].: Julia
Dent Grant, widow of General U. ss.
Grant, is ill at her home here. She has
been confined to her house since her re
turn from Canada about ten days ago.
At present her Illness is. not regarded as
critical. It began with a cold and the
developments have. been such as to alarm
her friends. To-day she was thought to
be a little better. -. .- . . :
Friends.
Her Condition, Although Not Critical,
Is Such as to Alarm Her
GENEEAL GRANT'S WIDOW
IS VERY SEHiqXTSLY IXIi
MARYSVILLD, Oct. 28.— While hunt
ing for ducks on Feather River, twelve
miles north of Marysville, yesterday
afternoon, Henry Drew, 19 years of age
and a resident of Live Oak, was accident
ally shot in the left arm and shoulder and
died a few hours later. Drew and a com
panion had been out in a boat in search
for game. They rowed to the shore and
Drew, as he stepped out, reached for his
gun, which was lying In the boat, the
muzzle toward . him and both barrels
loaded. In drawing the gun out one of
the Jiammers caught and the weapon was
discharged. The load struck Drew in the
left arm and shoulder. He died from loss
of blood. '
Huntsman Loses Sis Life.
Acting Chief of Police Wittman In
tends to drive the horde of 'bunko men
from this city. On account of the many
complaints concerning the bold operations
of the gang, Wittman yesterday detaile.'l
Police Officers Dan Sylvester and George
Mulcahey to round up the bunko men ani
take them to the City Prison. The officers
visited the haunts of the gang and ar
rested five of them. They are known as
the Sheeny Kid, Dutchy Reynolds, th»
Painter Kid, . Brocky Morgan and Ned
(Windy) . Price. They /were found in the
vicinity of the leading hotels, on thj
watch for prospective victims, and taken
to police headquarters. \u25a0 Last evening
they were paraded before the officers of
the Southern and Central- stations. In
structions were- given to the policemen
to arrest the members of the gang when
ever they met -them. ' They will be held
In prison until . they consent to leave th-»
city. ' / - .
Five of the Oily Tongued Operators
Landed Behind Prison
Bars.
Eng Go, a Chinese merchant of Walla
Walla, Wash., with his two sons, sailed
from the Orient on the steamship Olyra
pia, whli'h arrived here on Sunday. Two
days before the vessel arrived Eng Go
died'and yesterday the two sons made ap
plication for admission as minor sons of
a merchant. The law says that minor
children of resident Chinese merchants
can be admitted under the exempt class;
but. as the father of these two children
died while returning, Collector Heustis
is at a loss as to the status of the de
ceased father.
PORT TOWNSEND, Oct. 28.— A new
and novel question arose to-day in the
Custom-house over the admission of two
minor sons of a Chinese merchant. It
probably will be referred to the Treasury
Department.
Minor Children of a deceased Chinese
Merchant Apply for Admis
sion.
CASE THAT PUZZLES
CTrSTOMS OFFICIALS
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 28.-Edward S.
Brigham, the Healdsburg , young man
who was so mysteriously attacked a few
nights ago while returning. home from a
visit to his sweetheart, to-day procured
a license at the County Clerk's office here
and to-morrow, at the residence of .the
bride's parents in Dry Creek Valley, he
and Miss Emma Sparks will be married.
The Rev. Mr. Hope, pastor of the Healds
burg Baptist Church, will officiate.
Sheriff Grace has several deputies work-
Ing on the case and it is understood that
an arrest is likely to be made soon. The
bullet that struck Brigham plowed a gash
in his forehead three inches long and his
escape from death is little less than mi
raculous.
' The sale of subscription seats opened
at the Grand Opera-house yesterday
morning. There was a good, healthy line
of applicants. The first seats issued
were secured by William Alyord, who
WITTMAN WAGES WAR \
OIT CONFIDENCE MEN
On the opening night "Lohengrin" will
be sung in German. Mme. Emma Eames,
Mme. Schumann-Heink, Mr. Van Dyck
and Mr. Bispham are in the cast. Mr.
Bispham established himself as a great
favorite in San Francisco last year. Wal
ter Damrosch will conduct the orchestra
in "Lohengrin." The curtain will be
raised at 7:30 o'clock.
the East yesterday and is stay-
Ing at the Palace. He is enthusiastic
over the prospects of. a most successful
grand opera season this year. In an in
terview yesterday he said that Mr. Grau
would bring this year the strongest cast
that has ever appeared in San Francisco.
Mme. Calve will be a treat to the lovers
of opera.
nAX HIRSCH, treasurer of the
Metropolitan Opera-house of
New York and financial agent
for Maurice Grau, arrived from
Will Marry His Sweet
heart Despite AH -
Threats.
BUM DEFIES
COWARDLY RIVAL
Mrs. Despiro js being taken care of by
a number of women who have become in
terested in her case, and as> soon as she
is able to leave the hospital they intend
to see that she gets employment.
"I would rather starve in a strange -citv
than return to him," she remarked. "He
could have saved me the humiliation o*
being picked up in a starving condition
if he wanted to, but as he turned a deaf
ear to my entreaties. I intend to do like
wise to his request thai 1 return to him.
1 am contented to stay where I am until
such time as I am able to procure profit
able employment"
As soon as Captain Scymo'jr learned of
the woman's decision, he vired Despiro
that under no consideration would h'.s
wife return to him.
Detective Coleman was instructed by
Captain Seymour to show the telegram
to Mrs. Desplro, who is at present at Sc.
Luke's Hospital. After reading the. tele
gram. Mrs. Despiro emphatically in
formed the detective that she did not in
tend to return to her husband.
Friday morning she "was picked up by
a policeman, who discovered her lying on
the sidewalk, and as it was evident that
she was weak from hunger, she was sent
to the Receiving Hospital. Word was
sent to her husband iniorming him of her
pitiable plight, and yesterday he an
swered by saying that he would send a
railroad ticket to her providing she want
ed to rejoin him.
Despiro and his wife separated some
time ago, and she came to this city, ex
pecting to procure employment at one of
the theaters, but failed.
Captain Seymour received the following
dispatch yesterday afternoon from th^
husband of Mrs. Ruth Despiro, known
on the stage as Ruth Richmond, the ac
tress, who was found in a starving condi
tion Friday morning on Leavenworth
street: ,
CRIPPLE CREEK, Oct. 28. 1901.
If Mrs. Desplro will return to Cripple Creek
/will send ticket. Answer Immediately.
ROBERT DKSPIRO.
"The idea of celebrating as we are do-
Ing to-night originated with E. C. Stock,
one of the past masters of Franklin Lodge
of this city," said Mr. Barnes, "and I am
pleased that the suggestion made by him
has resulted in one of the largest meet
ings under the auspices of Workmen that
we have had for many years. I bid you
all welcome in the name of Workman
ship."
The California Quintet followed with
musical selections-. Grand Treasurer
Booth read an original poem and Miss
Grace 1. Davis entertained with a so
prano solo. Past Grand Master Hirsh
berg delivered an eloquent address on thi
order, referring to the work it had done
in the past, what it is doing at present
and what it expects to do in the future
for the betterment of the human family,
caring for members and protecting tho
widows, orphans and relatives of mem
bers who pass away. \u25a0 ..
His address, delivered in a forcible, con
vincing manner, was frequently inter
tupted by loud and prolonged applause.
Then followed a tenor solo by F. A. Grif
fing and funny sayings by "Billy" Brack
ett, after which a class of about 200 new
members was. marched to the front o£
the hall. Each member was presented
with his certificate. A number who couM
not be present were called, but, not an
swering, their, certificates were turned
over to the grand recorder.
Floor Manager A. W. Tuggey and his
assistants then took charge and it was on
with the dance till morning.
• The entertainment, presentation "of cer
tificates and ball in Native Sons' Hall
last night in celebration of the thirty
third anniversary of the founding of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen was
a great- iratemal success. The hall was
crowded on floor and galleries to its ut
most. Before the meeting was called to
order about 2000 people were turned away,
it being impossible lor any one to fini
even .standing: room }n the vestibule.
On the stage were i'ast Supreme Master
Workman \villlam H. Jordan, Fast Grand
Masters David fc>. Hirschberg and George
H. Bahrs, Grand Recorder <J. '£. Spencer,
Grand Treasurer fciarn Booth, Grand Med
ical Examiner Dr. Mayon, Past Masters
Joy, Crowley, KodecKer, Gleaves anl
Blackman, and Prank J. Maguire, secre
tary of the general committee. Owing ot
the non-arrival in this city 'of Supreme
Master Workman Harwick, Past Supreme
Master Workman Jordan. was selected to
present the certificates to the candidates
who were initiated in the various lodges
during the past ninety days.
After an overture by. the orchestra,
Past Grand Master William H. Barnes,
chairman of the evening, expressed his
delight to see such a vast audience gath
ered to assist :n the celebration of the
anniversary of ihe birth of the organiza-.
tion, which, in the thirty-three years of
its existence, has, paid to widows and or
phans of deceased members more than
$110,000,000.
Unfortunate Woman Spurns
His Offer and "Will Re
main Here.
Certificates Are Presented to
Large Glass of New .
Members.
Crowd Epjoys Gelebra
. tion of Founding of
the Order.
Husband of the Actress
Wants Her to Go
to Him.
WORKMEN MEET
ON ANNIVERSARY
DESPIDO WIRE5
TO THE POLICE
ILIiEGAX BEGISTRATION
IN THE CAPTT_UL CITY
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 28.— Superior
Judge Hart this afternoon heard the con
fession of Thomas Hardy that he had
committed perjury and sentenced him to
one year's Imprisonment in . the' County
Jail. Hardy is one of several men arrest
ed by City Detective JVIax P. Fisher for
having illegally registered In order to
vote for Mayor next week. The records
of the County Clerk were produced, show
ing, that Hardy had registered in Sep
tember last and given his residence as the
Tremont Hotel.
Although Hardy claimed to have been
a resident of the city for ninety days prior
to registering Detective Fisher swore
that Haray had not resided here thirty
days. The officer said he first met Hardy
on September 8 and the latter told him he
had been in the city only three days.
Detective Fisher presented a signed
statement made by Hardy to the. effect
that he had never. resided in Sacramento
and had come here in the early part of
September.
Fisher claims to have found evidence* of
stuffing in seventeen cases in the First
"Ward. Chief of Police Sullivan declares
that he will vigorously prosecute all reg
ister stutters.
Halmeyer was a shoemaker. His do
mestic, happiness was shattered sometime
ago and the couple decided to forget all
conjugal bliss by separating.
Mrs. Halmeyer went to live with her
mother. 'at 18 Willow avenue, and there
the man who ended his life so dramatic
ally called frequently, to see his six chil
dren, aged from one- to ten years.
No particular attention was paid to his
visit to the house yesterday evening, but
when he informed his wife that he came
there to end his existence and made good
his threat by lifting a bottle of poison to
his mouth and swallowing the. contents,
the wife was panic stricken.
She rushed out of the house for assist
ance, leaving the children to watch the
father in his dying agonies. ' »
Then the Coroner's deputies were sum
moned to the Receiving . Hospital, and
relatives of the shoemaker who had
ended his life in such a tragic fashion
appeared upon the scene to express their
sorrow.
The desperate and despondent man; who
had been separated from his family, for a
few months, succumbed quickly to the
poison. The ambulance was called and
his body removed to the Receiving Hospi
tal. The doctors pronounced him dead;
"I'll drink this to show you that I love
you," eXclalmed Charles G. Halmeyer, as
he swallowed the contents of .a small bot
tle of carbolic acid in the presence of his
wife and children at 18 Willow ) avenue
last evening. . -\u25a0 , .- \u25a0\u25a0":•-\u25a0""' •
Despondent Through Marital
, Troubles He Drinks
Carbolic Acid.
Ohas. Halmeyer, a Shoe
. maker, '- Commits
Suicide.
DRINKS POISON
AT WIFE'S HOME
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,; TUESDAY,, OCTOBER 29, 1901.
SOCIETY IMPATIENTLY AWAITS
OPENING OF GRAU OPERA SEASON
Advance'Sale Opens and Is Generously Patron
ized— Hirsch Arrives From East and Is En
thusiastic Over Prospect for Successful Yeai
8
ADVEEJISEMENTS.
Pears'
"Beauty* is but skin-
deep " was probably meant
to disparage beauty. In-
stead it tells how easy
that beauty is to attain.
"There is no beauty
like the beauty of health"
was also meant to dis-
parage. Instead it encour-
ages beauty.
Pears' Soap is the means
of health to the skin, and
so to both these sorts of
beauty.
Sold all over the world.'
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
Local Lim'd~bvrl'd Local
Dally r . Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10 :18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
", Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
\u25a0 " Fresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
" Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:06 a V. 1
" Visalia,... 3:40 p 4:48 a ... .
" 'Bakruflld. 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•' Kan. City 2:40 a 7:30 a
" \u25a0 Chicago.. 2:15 p [ 9:00 p
a for moraine, p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train' is the California Limited
leaving Monday and Thursday only, car-
rying Palace Sleeping; Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class passengers. No second-class tick-
ets are honored on thla train. Correspond-
ing train arrives, at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
Friday. . . .-
4:20 p. m. is Stockton. Merced and Fresno
local. Corresponding train arrives at 12:30
p. m. daily. . . , .
.8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express with
through , Palace and Tourist Sleepers and'
Free Reclining Chair Cars to Chicago; also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at- Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives . at 5 :55 p. m
dally. : - . \u25a0'
7:20 a- m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points in San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally. \u25a0
Offices — 641 Market street and in Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1112 Broadway Oak-
land. r
W. W. MONTAGUE <g CO.
HEADQUARTERS FOR HEATING
APPARATUS OF ALL KINDS...
• «j^r ja jfT 1 M Ik J15 ' \u25a0 \u25a0 '
.. tV/\iv1»1 AIKi " \u25a0
HOT WATER. v
...OIL 3 1 \>y/ bS., .
* BLUE FLAME. ; V - ;
WITH OR WITHOUT WICKS.
NO ODOR; '/ : , -
no |mK 3p9(omJriark^St^eK
".-V ..•-\u25a0..'-\u25a0', '"ri". '. . ; ..,;.; ,.;•\u25a0 \'. , \u25a0.,\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0""•\u25a0 '\u25a0\u25a0 -\u25a0..- .. : San Francisco. -. ' '.' ' ~-',-
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train. !•»«.• nml nr« <«* la arrlv* »«
MAN PKAMt:iM«:«>.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
lsats — Fro- October 6. 1901. — AKKITS
.
7:00 a Benlcia. Sulaon. Eltalr* and Sacra-
mento C:S3p
7:O0a Vaca-rOle, "Winters, Ramsey. 7s&3r
7:30 A Martii:ei,S»un*inou,ValIoJo. H»pa,
Calistogdk aud Santa ttoaa.'. - «:33f
8:Oi»A DivU, Woodland. Knignta Laadlag.
Marvsfille. Ori>»l!K. 7:31?
S:OOa AtUutlc Kxpress — Ogdeu and East 12:a3p
M:ot»A KUes, Lathrop. Stockton ~ :33 F
b:»0.»SII«, Mendota, Hanford. VUalla,
rorterriUe 4:33j
8:31* A Shasta Eipress— Datia, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Rad '
Bluff. PorU-ucL ;i 7:33*
' \u25a0\u25a0»<•« Sail Jose, LiTermore, Stockton,
lone, Hacrameuto. PiaceMiUe.
MnrjsTille. Chlco. Uwl UinS 4i2.1r
HiSO* O»kdi!e, Chinese, Soaora, Carters... 4i23r
»:««* Hay war J. Niies »od Way Stations.. * I s»3*
»:OOa VaUejo lJtSa»
MsOO* Los Angeles £ Irpress — Martinez,
- Tracy, Lathrop. .Stock tou. Merced
! Presuo and Los Angeles 7t£3>
9-.a«A Vallejo. fllartiuex anil Way Stations 7t33r
IUiOUa Tho O»erlaud limited— Osden. Deo-
• ver, Uiuaba. Chicagrj •>»*»
tl:4*Ap Sacramento Klfer Staitiuen t3:O»*.
3:3Ap Hayward. SiUa and Way HUtlona.. 7:35f
_ri»0r U-uicIa, WIntere. Baerainsulo.
• " Woodland. K»(«hts Landlue, •
Maryaviile. <>ro*illa IO:33_
4iO«p Martlnex. Han lUmon. Tallejo.
Napa. (MUtoga. Santa llORa ttiSSa.
4t00rNUes, LiTermore. Stockton. Lodl... l*>S3p
4i»wr Hayward. Mies, Man Jo.e, LiTermora fHi.iS*
4i3»p Pert Cost-. Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton Iut23_
l:UUrXlM Owl limited— rresuo. Tularo.
BakeraQeld. Baugiis (or Santa .Bar-
bara, Los AtiiHes SiSOA
• :O0? Msrtinf z, Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
ced. Fresno 12:23*
•t30r New Orleans Erprewi Mendota.
Fresno, Bakentteid. Los Angeles,
Deming. El Faso. Kew Orleans
• and East 7(89*.
•iflOp Baynard, Niles aud San Joss 7;33*
{O:OOp Vallejo I li_34
\u25a0iO«r Oriental Mail— OgJen. Cheyenne.
Omaha. Cuicngo ia:23r
• iO«r Oriental Mall— Ogden, Dearer.
8_ Lotris. Chicago. M 4:33*
7i00r Oregon and Caiifornfll Uipress.Naa.
rHiiientu, Klarysflll*. iteiMlnj,
rortlninl. Tiiget Hound and Kask StSSA
\u25a0i«3rSaa Pablo, Port Costa, Martiaes
and Way Mlatloua lliSSa
t§tO3f Vsllejo 7i3ap
COAST MNE (N-rrow U*u K t).
(Foot of Market Street.)
»t ISA Newark. Uentertille.MauJou^FKlton.
Bontder Creek..Santa Orua and Way
SUUous 9>30r
t*il3r Newark, Centervllle, Ban Jose, New
AlmadeD, Feltou, Hnuldar Creek,
BanU. Crux and I'rincipal Way
SUtloitS l»lS»A
4tt3r Newark, Hau Joio, loo Gates tSi.?"-
•9.3ur Hunters' Train— San Jose and Way
Stations t?- a °y
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY. .
rrom S1I T RASCISCO— *Ml of Mu-tt Street (Slip 8>— -
1 1:15 9.00 llXOi.M. 1:03 3:09 B:13r.«.
rnmOlIUHO— fill •! Brud wit.— ffl;00 {3.U0 |3;0J
10.00*.-. 13:03 8.03 i:D3r.u. __
COAST LINE (Broad <a««a).
(Third auid Townaend tits.)
' Oiim San Jose and Way stations. ««»»F
7>S0A H«i> Jose and TTay SUllons li^up
/7:»«A New Almailxti / 1:10?
HiOOa Han Jose. Tres IMnos, Haiita Cmx.
Paeine t.rote, balinaa. San Lnis
Obispo, Santa Barbara ami Prln-
cipa. intermedi.te stntlmis 7i43p
lOiHOASaa Jcse and Way Stations.. 4:1 1»?
I Ii3»a San Jose and Way SUUous Si-Or
tSi-l&r San Matei>, Itediroori, Menln Park. .' .
Talo Alto. 8>nU C>ara, 8a» .I<iae.
- Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz. Salluaa.
Monterey uml 1'acitie Urove |IOtt3\
Xi3OpSan Jose and Way Stations. 6:SO A
f4tl3r 8an Josoaiid Principal Way Stations U; l~> 4
i."i:OOr San Jose, Los G-tos and Principal
Way Stations i»:«O4
S<S«p Sa.11.Iuee aud Principal Way Stations 8:^6*
Siiiur Bedwood. Kan Josn. Gilrny. SaJinaa.
' \u25a0 Santa Barbara, Lo* Augelfs 10:03a
«:»Op San Jose and Way .station* t N :O»A
«ll:43p San Joseaml VTay Statimis 6:30y
A for Morning , I* for Afternoon.
t fun. lay executed. t Sm> J>»y only.
[ m Saturday only. /Tuesdays aud Friday*^
MORTH PACIFIC COAST RAlLROAa
Via Sausallt* F«rry.
Commencing September 2a 1901
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MlLl, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. AX^ 1 "-
WEEK DAYS-6:55, S:30. *9:30. 11:00 a. m.
•1:45. 3:15. 4:15. 5:15. *8:15. «:« p m *
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:30 and 11:40 p. nr.
SUNDAYS-»8:0O. »10:00. '11:30 a. m n-13
3:15. »4:43. 6:30, 9:30 p. m. *
Traln3 marked (•) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN KAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO
.WEEK DAYS-»5:25, 6:27. 7:45. 8:35 lolj
a. m.. 'l:^ 2.15, *3:35, 4:40. 5:30 p m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdari
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 9:55 p. m
SUNDAYS— «:13. *8:00.- *10:00, 11:43 a. m
•1:40. »S:15. 4:45. ««:3O p. m. *
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS-5M3, 6:45. 7:53. 8:55, 10:33 am
12:33. 2:43. 3:50. 5:10 p. m. *
. EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:05, 10:05 a. ro. 12:05 2:13 330
5:00, 6:45 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:53 a. rn. week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions. . \u25a0/
1:45 p. rn. Saturdays — Duncan Mills and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan MIHa and way
stations.
Legal Holidays boats and trains will ma 00
Sunday time. • \u25a0 \u25a0 .
Es_Q___iw_K^_*VBBr^^^^Hw2^^— — f^^n
\u25a0 '-'_B _h__I sV lGna— ». ?3 S3 s__^9
. ADVERTISEMENTS. V i,
Mrs. H. S. Wagstaff, President Kansas*
City, Mo., Blue Ribbon Club, Tells Howj
She was Cured of Severe Bearing-Down 1
Pains, \ Backache, etc., by Lydia E._Pink-
ham's Vegetable Compound.
" Dear Mrs. Pinkham : — After suffering for months with a
complication of female troubles, causing severe bearing-down pains
and backache, feeling constantly fatigued and unable to stand up
without great weariness, great relief came to me when a friend
advised me to use Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
which I did. It was worth more to me than all other medicines I ever*
tried, which only seemed to poison my system, while your Compound
healed me. I took your pills in connection, and they seemed to help
cast the poison and waste matter out of the system. I used the
Compound for six weeks and was then completely cured, and while
this was eighteen months ago I have had no relapse, but have en- j
joyed the best of health ever since. I wish that every poor dragged-
down, suffering woman might know that it would bring them health
to consult you and use Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound,
and I always do what I can to tell them of it." — Mrs. H. S. Wag-
staff, 1330 McGee St., Kansas City, Mo. |
$5000 FORFEIT IF THE ABOVE LETTER IS NOT GENUINE.
Mrs. Pinkham, whose address is Lynn, Mass., will answer
cheerfully said without cost all letters sent to her by sick women.
RAILWAY TBAVEL. .
_____ _ ,
J D I_I^_P
Folder Tells
All about the Burlington Over •
land Excursions. . \u25a0 . -
It contains a map of the
United States; time-tables:
' illustrations of the exterior ~"
and interior of Burlington
tourist sleepers as well as a
great deal of information likely
to be of value to persons go- .
ing east.
Free at Southern Pacific
ticket offices.
The Burlington Overland Excursions
leave Los Angeles Mondays and Wednes-
days ; San .Francisco, Tuesdays and
Thursdays — Omaha.- Chicago, Kansas
City, St. Louis and beyond.
_ W. D. Sanborx,
iKjHRBBijIfiBj Gen'l Agent.
nlTWiiiTwl 6jI Market St ->
I&i'fllllfiSlf - San Francisco.
BUXU3B <
\\ mmm \ j
CALIFORNIA HORTflW ESTEM 11 C4
LESSIHI
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
• TIburon F«rry. F**t mi Jtarifert _•.
6an Francisco to San Rafael. ft
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
.3:30, .5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30..
5:00. 6:20 p. m. .... ;*;. ;•. \u25a0;•?
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:10, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
- 3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:66
and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San t'rancisco. | April 28. 1901. | San Francisco.
Week I Sun- I I Sun- I Week
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Fetaluma, 6:05 pm 10:23 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Roaa. 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
T~ Fulton,
7:30 an? Windsor, 10:25 am
6:00 pm Healdsburg, 10:40 am
• . . Lytton,
Geyservilie,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale.. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 5:00 pm Hopland 10:40 am 10:25 am
.3:30 pm 8:00 am and Ukiah. 7:33 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:33 pm
3:30 pm 5:00 pm 1 6: 20. pin
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
. and
5:10 pm 5:C0 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 8:00 ami — — — i 10:40 a.m|10:25 am
3:30 pmf 5:00 pm| Sebastopol. | 7:35 pm| 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for "Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs; at Fulton
for Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell .Lake, Witter
Springs. Upper. . Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley
John Day's, Riverside, Llerley*s, Bucknell's
Sanhedrin Heights, Hullvllle, Orr"8 Hot
Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg, West-
port, Usal. Willlts. Laytonvllle, Cummins
Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's. Dyer, Scotia
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays, round-trip tickets to all nolnts
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket office, O Market street. Chronicle
,' bi H. d cf" WHITING. R. X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
nOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Leave Via Sausalito Ferry : Arrive
San Fran. Foot of Market St. San Fran'
Da£ dZ" VVeST
™2L w .» .. *iM?Lr I^-_ __?__:
At I' 1?^a' «.-w« i-«w*,-*_ 3:00 p. 3:40 p.
T£ ™*. --•*•**—*• . a ;- *» -•
7m», 8»a FnodKo to SsmniH »nd ««*»„ |i in
\u25a0 Pd»tottc«,«aK---ii g iRn T _ liSAPS^ I^ rautT ;
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
_\u25a0"\u25a0 for the treatment of Prtv-to
i Diseases. Lo*t M.nbood. Debllltvor
l£ 1 £f a W Vearln ?K. n bodr «"<« mind 'and
\u25a0others fall., Try him. , Charges low.
B<:nre* guaranteed. Culiorwrit*
Pr. J. g. «IBBO.\. B«a rranciaco. Cat
WeeHr Gall $lpDeFlar
v AD VEBTISEMENTS.
g^C0NP^rS E £XTRACT^s|
ADVEETISEIO1NTS.
CARTERS
Positively cured by thess
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dys-
pepsia, Indigestion and Too Hearty
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth, Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side. TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
DISORDERS JH\
MENJ9
BT FAR THE GREAT, *if]/ NS^/fv^
*r number of patient* . fer XH? t // vT'
teeking relief for so-c&lled \F ~ \ »*// />
weakness are strong. U \ A yj //
robust men In every other T?
respect. Loss of Vitality, Prematureness. etc .
are not weaknesses, but the eymptoms of ln-
Camnjatory processes la the Prostate Gland
<so-called neck of bladder) caused by contracted
disorders and too often repeated and too long
continued excitement. Under our local plan ot
treatment, directed toward reducing the en-
larged and swollen Prostate, immediate re-
mits, a« indicated by increased circulation and
renewed etrength, are observed. Our colored
chart of the organs, which we send free on
•ppllcation, is interesting to any one vrtshinr
to study the anatomy of the male.
DR. TAICOTT & CO., 997 Market St
STATEMENT
— OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
— OF THE
Fidelity and Deposit
COMPANY
OF BALTIMORE, IN THE STATE OF
Maryland, on the 3Ut day of December,
A. D. 1900, and for the year ending on that
day. ae made to the Insurance Commissioner
of the State of California, pursuant to the pro-
visions of Sections €10 and €11 of the Political
Code, condensed as per blank furnished by the
Commissioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np'ln
Cash $1,500,000 00
ASSETS. =====
Real Estate owned by Company $600 000 00
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 3,364 257 00
Cash In Company's Office 41 613 14
Cash In Banks 277 S71 £7
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion ..... 97,372 OS
Total Assets .'... $4,381, Jia 79
LIABILITIES. . ======
Losses adjusted, and unpaid '.... $4479 53
Losses in process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 45,127 81
Losses resisted. Including expense*.. 105 553 39
Gross premiums on Risks running '
one year or less, .9. ; rein- , \u25a0 V
surance £0 per cent €50,2(8 S3
Total Liabilities $505,409 48
INCOME. ;
Ket cash actually received for pre-
miums $1,138 262 47
Received for Interest and dividends '
on Bonds, Stocks. Loans and from
all other sources 123 6714*
Received for Rents 5g«i J;
Received from all other sources 73.743 £3
Total Income .- .fl.3S6.i30 73
\u25a0
EXPENDITURES.
Net imoont paid for Losses <indud-
lng I losses of previous
Dividends to Stockholders... ~ '.'.'.'.'.'.'. 2C2447 50
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 275,26134
Paid for Salaries. Pees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 77 £2S 04
Paid for State. National and Local ' -
taxes •... 62,319 11
All other payment! and expenditures . 179,331 44
Total Expenditure* tt.222.S14 29
EDWIX WAHF1ELD, President. -
HABRT XICODEMUS. Ass 1 1 Secretary. .
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 8tb
day of January. 1901. FRED S. AX.TELL,
Notary Public
FRANK L. GILBERT,
. GENERAL AGENT, i
Rooms
Tenth Floor Mills Building,
' : tan FrnncIicOf." J?'The preliminary examination , pf -Wil
liam Henaley, bartender, on the charge
of abducting Sadie- Cook and Bessie .Vin
cent, girls under 13 years of age, for tha
purpose of placing them In a disreputable
house in Vancouver, B. 'C, '.was com
menced before Judge Cabaniss yeaterdav
afternoon. The witnesses examined were
Sadie Cook, Bessie Vincent. Lottie Vin
cent, "Billy" Abbott. Detective Anthony
and Mrs. Fannie Rae. The case was con
tinued till to-morrow morning. .
Hensley Abduction. Case.
Men Who Kill Birds for Living WlU
Test Validity of New . :
Law.
L. Duprat, on behalf of ' himself and.
others affected by an act passed by thai -
Legislature last March regulating tha
rellingr of ducks and qual). filed a suit
against the Board ' of Fish and Game
Commissioners yesterday for the purpose
of testing the validity of the law.
Duprat alleges in his complaint that
tho ' seizure of game in' the possession of
himself and others is- done willfully and
unlawfully and without authority. Ha
further alleges that the proceedings ot
the board in this * respect' are & direct
violation of the constitution of tha
United States. . : •\u25a0$•.\u25a0 ..,._ ...- »S
MABKET HUNTEBS SUE
G.AJ&E COMMISSIONERS
George A. Knapp, who fired a shot ai
Ed Furey, ex-special officer, in George
Green's saloon, Eddy and Mason streets,
appeared before Judge" Cabaniss yester
day morning. Ke was instructed and ar
raigned and the case continued. till Thurs
day. Furey swore, to the complaint, but
remarked \u25a0 that he would I not prosecute
Knapp, as he had been one of his best
friends." . " ' '•' ,,-,,. .
Purey Will Not Prosecute.
Mrs. Lane is the mother-in-law of
Sweeney,- and in his will was bequeathed
$1000. The trust company was named
as executor of Sweeney's will. Sweeney
was the millionaire who built the observ
atory on Strawberry Hill, in Golden Gate
Park. * After his death Mrs. Lane pre
sented a claim against the estate for
$4400 for services rendered on his behalf
for ' forty-four weeks. The claim was
denied by the executors, and Mrs. Lane
commenced suit.
The trial of the suit of Sarah Lane
against the California Title Insurance
and Trust Company for $4400. which, she
alleges, is due her for services rendered
the late Thomas U. Sweeney, was heard
in Judge Graham's court yesterday.
Mrs. Sarah Lane Presents Claim for
.' Thousands Against the Late
Millionaire's Estate. •
SWEENEY'S EXECUTORS SUED
BY TITS MOTHEE-IN-LAW
The appraisers appointed to determine
the value of the estate of the: late S.
Sternheim. filed their report yesterday.
The estate, according to the report, is
worth $80,000, and consists of stock and
book accounts In the firm of S. Stern
heim & Sons, worth about $45,000, and life
linsurance poHcies for $25,000, and a resi
dence at the corner of Bush and Octavia
streets worth about $7500.
Merchant's Estate Appraised.
The case of M. A. Bullard of the Cali
fornia Employment Agency on Third
street, charged with obtaining money by
false pretenses from three Italian labor
ers from whom he got a dollar each for
a' job at railroad construction work at
Ukiah, was dismissed by Judge Cabanisa
yesterday. The complaining witnesses
were not in court at the calling of the
case through a misunderstanding, but ap
peared later. By that time It was too
late, as the case had been dismissed.
Bullard. Case Dismissed.
'All the employes of the laundry were
at lunch when the fire broke out. " It Is
supposed- that lint, which sometimes ac
cumulates around the. pipes, ignited and
set fire to the clothes. .The woodwork
and clothes'were highly inflammable ow
ing to the constant heat and burned like
tinder. . . \u25a0 . .
• Major Hooper says his loss will approxi
mate $1000. . Water ruined a great deal of
material on the : first floor and some of
the walls and floors were torn by the
firemen's axes in their effort to locate tho
flre. • \u25a0
Three firemen were overcome by smoke
— Daugherty and Conlan of engine 2 and
Freeman of the fire patrol. Freeman was
caught In the basement and was brought
out of his perilous position through a hole
chopped in the sidewalk. .
When Chief Sullivan responded to the
first alarm the smoke was bo dense that
entrance to the basement where the fire
was burning was almost impossible. The
firemen were unable for many minutes
to determine the exact location of the
fire. Whether it was creeping up between
the walls, as was indicated by the smoke,
could not be told. The Chief, in a quan
dary as to the extent of the blaze, ordered
a second alarm rung in and the firemen
set to work with a will. Sections of the
barroom floor, were chopped out and'vol
umes of water directed into, the base
ment. : -. . • .
Despite the efforts of the firemen, the
smoke thickened and the building became
almost completely enveloped. The Chief
then turned in a" third alarm, and an
other relay of engines' hurried to the flre.
A circulator was then set to work. This
piece, of serviceable apparatus had been
in use -but a short time when it reached
the blaze and the danger was pronounced
past. The room in which the flre started
was walled by brick, making It difficult
for the water to reach it. It contains the
steam pipes for drying the clothes. •
-Burned Like Tinder. \u25a0
Police Officers l Kd j Leonard, Tom . "Walsh
and- James \u25a0 Farrel were quickly on the
scene and rendered excellent service in
the' streets,' keeping the more excited off
the flre escapes and quelling any dem
onstration that would be likely -to lead to
a panic As soon as the flre was under
control t order- was restored, people re
turned to their apartments and the trunks
and other personal belongings that had
been • dragged into the corridors were
taken back to their respective places. ,
The. odor of smoke, the clang of fire
apparatus and' the shouting from the
streets aroused the guests to act.on.
Many were at', lunch in the dining-room
and- they, rushed pellmell . into the lower
corridors. \u25a0 Those ; occupying rooms came
to windows and for a time appeared panic
stricken. • Some shouted to spectators be
low, but i assurances. of safety were called
back. The hotelattaches displayed great
presence of mind and as quickly as possi
ble circulated' through the building, ex
plainlng-the location 'of the flames and
telling. of. the ample time for.escape In
the' event that the building should be
doomed. .- .
. Police Avert Panic.
Fire broke out yesterday in. the drying
room of the Occidental- Hotel laundry.
Little damage was done, but for a time
intense excitement prevailed, on the
streets ' and jn the hotel. The excellent
service rendered by the Fire Department
prevented. great loss. Three alarms were
sent in by Chief Sullivan because of tha
menacing; .appearance of the blaze.
•• It " was shortly after the noon hour
when : the fire was discovered. | ' Hundreds
of pedestrians were on their way in and
out of the business section. A. dense vol
ume of smoke breaking through the side
walk ventilators on the Bush-street side
first.- attracted attention. Within five
minutes smoke filled the building and it
appeared ' as if . the . big structure , was
doomed to destruction.
Blaze Confined to Basement
. and Order Is Soon
Restored.^ v \u25a0'
Fire Starts in Occidental
and Guests Are Ter
ror Stricken.
FLAMES NEARLY
CAUSE A PANIC
Dr. C. C. O'Donnell is 'still In th« fight
and will certainly win this time. Be euro
to vote for him for Mayor by writing hla
name with a lead pencil at head of blank
column, - * •' . • •
Deputy Sheriff John G. Waibel, who re
cldes at 719 Webster street, was treated
at the Emergency Hospital yesterday by
Dr; Murphy for ptomaine poisoning. Wai
bel' who gave his name to thn hospital
Htfward as "J. Wilson," stated that he
had been to a French reBtnumnt for
lunch; and while nt tho tabln became ill.
He left and went to his room, whore Ho
became alarmed at the symptoms, and
haptennd to thn hospital for treatment.
He, Will recover,
Deputy Sheriff "Waibel Poisoned.
Christmas Holidays in Mexico.
Frar.clBco December 18. Los Angeles De
c«nl>er 13. reaehlngr Mexico in tirn« for
the holiday celebrations. Round trip, Ban
FrarciBCO SSO. Loc Angeles $70. 1'ersonaHy
( ondurtcd. DJolng-car, Pullmar. ilecperB.
Limit *lxty day*. Low rldc-trlp rates.
Optional Itineraries. Malta reservations
CU Market KtVttJ Han Franc'aco; SCI South
b'pring itrtct, Los Angeles. ,
Frank Maim, waiter in a restaurant a'.
Pine and Fillmore streets, was instructed
and arraigned in Judge Cabaniss' couit
yt-sturday on a charge of assault to mur
der and the ca&e was continued- until to
mofiow. John Wilson, a bartender, en
tered the restaurant about. 2 o'clock in
the morning and ordered a meal. He
complained about waiting bo long, and
abused the waiter. Wilson challenged the
waiter to step outside. Malrn got his re
voht:r and when they went outside he
fired at Wilson, wounding him In the left
le*. .
Bartender Shot by "Waiter.
.President E. P. Ripley, Second Vice
President Paul Morton and Third Vice
President Kendrlck of the Santa Fe Rail'
way Company will arrive in this city on
Wednesday evening. They are on their
annual tour of inspection, and before com
ing to this city will make a thorough in
spection «of the oil. fields In the Kern.dis
trict. ,
Last evening Captain A. H. Payson and
Assistant Traffic Director Blssell left this
city. to meet thu Santa Fo omclals. They
will Join them at Los Angeles and remain
with them during their visit to California.
Will Arrive in This City To-Morrow
: Evening 1 , Accompanied by Traffic
Director Morton.
PRESIDENT EIPIjETT? ON .
. TOUR OF INSPECTION
William Grandemann, produce mer
chant, who lives - at 1502 Golden
Gate avenue. secured a warrant
from Judge Cabaniss yesterday for
the arrest of Thomas A. . Mcr
ritt a fruit dealer on Devlsadero street,
on a charge of assault with a deadly wea-
Don Grandemann said . that Merritt
owed him a bill for a sack of onions, and
he called upon him Saturday to collect
the amount. Merritt refused to pay it
and Grandemann remarked that he would
make him a present of it. Merritt got
aney he says, chaaed him out of the
store and threw a cleaver at him, grazing
his car. ,.'\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0
Chased With a Cleaver.
Gesrge B. Robbins, general manager of
the Armour Car Line, is in this city and
is staying at the Palace. He says that
the fruit outlook is very promising for
this year. He says that last year 22,500
cars of fruit were Shipped from California
to the East. This year there Is every rea
son to believe that there will be about
26.O0C cars of fruit sent East.
He says that he has Just paid a visit to
Fiorda and that the fruit In that part of
the country is in a very good condition.
General Manager Bobbins Is Very
Sangnine Over Sale of the Cali
fornia Product.
SHIPMENT OF FBUIT EAST
'WILL EXCEED LAST YEAR'S
The matter was argTied at length. No
decision was rendered and the attorneys
were ordered to submit their contentions
on briefs.
MtiGuire •was sentenced to six months"
imprisonment in the County Jail for a
misdemeanor. While there he was tried,
convicted and sentenced on a charge of
burglary. It is claimed that the two sen
tences are made cumulative in a manner
not allowed by the State constitution.
The Sheriff was represented by his at
torney, who said his client wished to make
no contest, but was desirous merely of
learning what his duty was in the prem
ises. . » -
The case of James McGuIre, the bur
glar, \u25a0who seems in a fair \u25a0way to secure
his freedom on a legal technicality, was
argved before the Supreme Court in bank
yesterday.
Young: Burglar Principal in Unique
Contest Which May Result in
His Escape.
HcOTJTSB CASE AKGTTED
BEFORE SUPREME COITET
"The Arbiter of Morals" was the title
of tm address delivered last evening be
fore a large audience at Metropolitan
Temple by Re\-. Peter C. Yorke at an en
tertainment given in aid of. the clergy
house of St. Peter's parish, of which
Father Casey is pastor.
D. F. Keefe presided, and a pleasing
proijramme was rendered by Miss Des
mond, the Knickerbocker Quartet, Miss
Annie Rooney and William Ogilvie.
The address cf Father Yorke was a de
fence of his attitude in the recent labor
strikes in this city and of the stand
tak'?n by a morning newspaper. An at
tack, extreme in its vituperation, was
made by Father Yorke on Colonel John
P. Irish, who had disagreed with the
speaker's views during the labor troubles,
and shafts of denunciation were hurled
at the newspapers that deprecated the
reign of terror existing during the strikes.
In defending the "freedom of the
preiis," Father Yorke said that the op
position to yellow Journalism following
the assassination of President McKinley
was the work of competitors of the saf
fror-hued periodicals. He characterized
the world-wide storm of condemnation as
an "attempt to cut off the freedom of the
preflB."
Defends Attitude of Yellow Journals
and His Own Course in Hecent
Labor Troubles.
EEV. FATHER TOBKE SPEAKS
AT METBOPOIirrAJS" TEMPLE
The ordinance granting a permit to M.
H. de Young to erect a seven-story build
ing, 109 feet in height, on Geary street,
near Stockton, was opposed by Branden
stein, who held that it was in'viplation of
the ordinance limiting buildings on streets
less than 100 feet wide to 100 feet in
height. Reed contended that the permit
should be granted, as it was for a worthy
improvement, and that the board had al
ready granted similar privileges and
others that violated the charter, whereas
the De Young permit -was within the
province of the board. The ordinance wa3
finally passed, with 11 votes in its favor
and 3 aeainst. •, ' > . '
. The San Francisco Athletic Club - was
granted a permit to hold an" Slriateur box
ing exhibition on November 1, 1901.
The courtroom and chambers now used
by Justlce^of the Peace Daniels were as
signed temporarily to Superior Judge
Dunne until such time as a Jury-room is
provided in the Hall of Justice to enable
Judge Dunne to transfer his department
to that building. (:.
"There was -a long argument over the
ordinance creating the positions of chief
deputy and head clerk in the Registrar's
office. There were not fourteen Super
visors who were favorable to the measure
present and it was postponed for one
week. When Braunhart later moved to
reconsider the ordinance he . met with a
storm of opposition on the part of Re?d
and Brandenatein and he withdrew his
motion.
The Board of Supervisors yesterday re
ferred to the Finance Committee a reso
lution declaring the intention to submit
in December propositions for the con
struction of new schoolhouses, a new hos
pital' and sewers. The resolution alsd
calls on the Board of Works to furnish
plans and estimates for the proposed im
provements.
The resolution calling on the Spring
Valley Company to submit before Novem
ber 4. 1901, its offer for the sale of the
sites and works used by it in supplying
the city with water was referred to the
Public Utilities Committee.
The ordinance ordering the performance
of street work on Polk street, betwee'n
Sutter and Jackson, for two feet on each
side of the tracks of the Sutter-street
Railway Company, was' finally passed.
The railway company has refused to pay
for its share and the passage of the ordi
nance .will enable the contractors to pave
the street with the exception of the space
between the tracks. . •\u25a0 '
An ordinance was passed to print by
the Board of Supervisors yesterday or
dering the extension of the Sunset main
sewer from. H street and Fourteenth ave
nue to its outfall. The Board of Public
Works recommended the improvement
as necessary, and estimates that i^ will
cost approximately $40,000.
A resolution was adopted declaring the
intention of the board to purchase the
necessary right of way in the Prectta
Valley lands for the extension of the
Potrero-avenue sewer to Army street.
The City Attorney was directed to ex
amine the abstract of title. .... .
The ordinance reducing the width of
the sidewalks on Fulton street,^ from
Eighth avenue to the Great Highway to
lU h n 6 h n»t°h d SS^SSK
The petition of the Haslett Warehouse
Company "for permission to lay a- spur
tr3 from the Santa Fe tracks at Main
a^fd Bryant streets along Bryant and
loear streets to the company's warehouse
was referred to the Street Committee
A communication was received from the
Soring Valley Water Company, accom
nan'ed by a pamphlet compiled by its
?hief engineer, containing records and
datl pertinent to the water rate investi-
g Gr O ade O S f iSe ordered established on
Kentucky street, between Channel and
Soutl? ar?d on Indiana, Minnesota Twen
tXtb and Nineteenth streets. This will
noWf^he Santa Fe Railway Company
?o begin improvements in that district
and ufe the earth in filling China Basin.
H^^^r ey a^oX^ th :
wKwater furnished through hy-
Tiranfi but has presented bills for that
u«cd in public buildings, and in Septem
nprthev aggregated $2315 70, which sum
?xceedfonl-twllfth of the. $15,000 set
oraUn e ce P re r a P u 0 i B Hng poles erected on
thV streets to be painted every two years,
and making it unlawful to; maintain such
Sles Searer- than forty feet to a lamp
pSst? was referred to the Judiciary Com
mittee. ' __j
The Board of Supervisors
Makes an Order for (
Improvement.
Three Propositions May
Be Submitted to
People.
PREPARING FOR
BOND ELECTION
bells, lies directly, beneath the tonsorial
and thirst parlors of the hotel.
The tonsorial artists were swinging
their razors over the stormy beards of
the men of law and Jurisprudence, when
the smoke from that troublesome dry
' ing-room crept through all the holes and
crevices about the barber shop.
Some ope said something about the
smoke being evidence of hot air. Both
Riordan and Judge Conlan questioned
this statement, stating that they knew
considerable more about hot air and its
general method of dispensation through
cooler ozone than any person present. No
one present ; cast any .. doubt upon their
judgment.
The clanging of the bells of the ma
chines of the Fire Department caused. Mr.
Riordan and Judge Conlan. to become a
trifle alarmed. ;
"I'm choking." exclaimed - Mr: Riordan.
Judge Conlan coughed effusively and
declared that he, too, was in need otpon
side,rable, respiration, as he. had some, six
teen to- addressn In the evening.'
WILL CONSTRUCT
SUNSET SEWER
The two legal gentlemen were greatly
in need of the services and administra
tions of tonsorial artists. Shortly after
noon they repaired to, the Occidental Ho
tel tonsorial parlors, located on the Bush
street side of that caravansary.
Whether the. heat of the political de
bate, in which the legal men of diverse
political faiths indulged -while the
knights of the razor were lathering them
in the most approved fashion of the State
Board of Examiners caused the confla
gration in the drying-room is a question.
Fire Marshal Towe is investigating the
matter, for the drying-room, which
.caused... the scare and the. clanging of fire
noon about emulating the- hero
ism of the boy who stood on the burning
deck. • '
prpqHOMAS D. RIORDaN, chairman
I of the late Republican convention,
1 and Police Judge Charles T. Con
1L Ian cared naught yesterday after-
Hearty. Two Hundred People Cele
brate Birthday of President of
the United States.
In honor of the birthday of Theodore
Roosevelt, President of the United States.
a grand banquet was given last night by
the order of * Bohemians of America."
In the neighborhood of 200 Bohemians
and their guests assembled around the
banquet tables. For the occasion the
main dining hall of the restaurant was
decked in festal attire, American flags
were artistically srranged about the walls
and a portrait of President Roosevelt oc
cupied a. place of honor. The banquet
prpved a delighful affair and will long be
remembered by those who had the pleas
ure of participating.
Er. H. B. Mehrman performed the
pleasant duties of toastmaster, and the
following toasts were responded to:
Prayer :. By the Grand. Prior
'"The President of the United States"
Colonel H. I. Kowalsky
"Oit Departed President".. James G. Maguire
"The Republic" Emilio Lastreto
"Our State" Hon. Mortimer Smith
"Tt:e Municipality" Harry Baehr
"Bchemians" ...T. J. Crowley
"Otr Order" Hon. W. E. von Johannsen
"Otr National Day" I. Golden
"The Army" H. W. Pulcifer
"The Navy" Rudolph C. Ulmer
"The Sister Cities" Hon. J. Cal Ewing
"The Ladies" William H. Brown
BOHEMIAN'S FEAST ZN"
HONOR OF B0OSEVELI
SOME OF THE THINGS THAT HAPPENED IN THE SOMEWHAT SUPERHEATED OCCIDENTAL HOTEL BAR
BER SHOP, WHERE THOMAS D. RIORDAN AND JUDGE CHARLES T. CONLAN WERE BEING SHAVED,
AS CARTOONIST WARREN OF THE CALL PICTURES THEM. j .,
The board of officers appointed <by the
TVir Department to select sites for the
new coast defense guns for this station
resumes work to-day and will shortly
lorward its report to Washington.
Captain Harry F. Rethers was relieved
of his duties at Benlcia Barracks jester
day and will act as quartermaster of the
casuals at, the Presidio. Captain Harry
H. Pattisoa, Third Cavalry, leaves tn«
±*r<»siaio to assume command of the con
va".escent company at Fort McDowell.
Captain J. H. Howard, Nineteenth Infan
try, has been assigned to temporary duty
with casuals at the Presidio, pending his
departure to the Philippines, where he
will join his regiment after several
months' absence. Captain S. T. Wierick
ha« received orders from the Secretary of
wjir to leave for the Philippines on the
Kil patrick, and his place as surgeon of
the detachment of recruits at the Presidio
will be filled by Lieutenant H. W. Hatch.
The organizations in line were four com
panies or the coast artillery, in command
It B -,,^ Ra^dalph; four batteries
?£• "Skt artillery, commanded by Cap
tain J. V White; three troops of the Fif
teenth Cavalry, commanded by Colonel
IV kT- \^ l^ c f' and Company D of the
tiehteenth Infantry, together with the
casuals, commanded by Captain F. D.
£?£ ns -»J rh . e T , hlrd Artillery Corps and
fifteenth Cavalry regimental bands were
alsio in attendance.
A grand review of all the troops sta
tioned at the Presidio was held yesterday
maming by General Young. More than
17M men were in line, and the spectacle
was a most imposing one. Post Com
mander Colonel Rawles led the column,
which was composed of detachments of
the three principal branches of the serv
ice.
War Department Commands
Many Transfers of .
Officers.
Whole Force at Presidio
Appears in Line on z
Parade.
GENERAL YOUNG
REVIEWS TROOPS
• Btroamayer Council, Young Men's Jnsti.
tuto, will hold its fifth anniversary exer
clnea;:at Native 8on»' Hall t IiIh ovenlnff.
The programme consists of tin entertain
ment nud dancing, : <-. \u25a0\u25a0'. \u25a0-, •\u25a0-,,',
To Celebrate Anniversary.
Judge de Haven has' washed his hands
of the celebrated: Japanese, laundry case,
and George Tsukamoto has been' remand
ed into the custody of Sheriff Lackmann
and must serve his 100-day term of im
prisonment' to which he : had been sen
tenced. Judge do Haven' found that the
same queHtions of- law on a former con
viction of the saraa petitioner -were al
ready pending before the United States
Supremo Court.
Laundry Appeal Dismissed.
,The -Homestake Gold Mining-. Company
has been incorporated, and a rose-colored
circular, has been issued by the. promoter,
giving the names of prominent officials
and business men as being connected with
the enterprise. Among the [names are
those of United States District- Clerk
George E. Morse and United States Attor
ney Marshall B. Woodworth. These gen
tlemen said -yesterday that the ,use of
their names' was unauthorized and* that
they ' knew nothing about the company.
The following are the names of the direc
tors , given in the articles of incorpora
tion: George F. Ferbush, $500; William
Duff enbacher, $500; C: L. Wilson of Ala
meda, $500; Ernest Duderr" of Alameda
$500; R. L. Mann, $500.. The company Is
incorporated for $500,000., /
Their Names Wrongfully Used.
Since the introduction of a resolution re
questing the Board of Public Works and th*
Chief, of Police to enforce ordinance N 0 '3
limiting, the height of fences used If or adver
tisinc purposes to ten feet from the * side
walk. Messrs. Owens, Varney & Green have
begun suit against the Board of Public Works
and the Chief of Police and a temporary in
junction has been ! issued . from the Suner nr
Court forbidding 'the Board of Public T Works
and the Chief of Police from- enfc-rcln* the
ord nance. It Is evident that the bill-posters
desire to prevent action until the matter is
tried in the courts, and that they will then
appeal to ( the Supreme' Court in case the or
dinance is decided valid. In. this manner
they will consume two or. three years in liti
gation.- We regret that the. Superior Court has
seen fit to issue injunctions preventing- the Po
lice, Department from enforcing the law' as
has been done in the case of Ingleslde track
in thematter'of enforcing the ordinance regu
lating boxing contests, and lastly, in the pres
ent case. • If the Chief of Police causes the ar
rest of one of the bill-posters a : speedy trial
can. be .had in the criminal' courts; and if the
decision la . adverse' to them the defendants
can sue: out a * writ of habeas cornus \u25a0 before
the Supreme Court/and have' the whole" mat
ter settled deflnitelyandspeedily. ' •; \u25a0'-'-
The police committee submitted the fol
l° a y n F* r^ port> in , . whlch attention is
to al !h d e si&ss? 3ltlon of the m:*dk*
The Board 'of Supervisors will proceed
to enforce the ordinance limiting the
height, of fences for advertising purposes
to ten feet. At yesterday's meeting Reed
Introduced the following resolution on the
subject, which was adopted:
Resolved. That in the matter of the action
at law now pending agrainst the Board of Pub
lic Works and the Chief of Police preventing
ihSifin',?™?? 1611 ! 0 ,' . the o^'nance.of this board
t™ £fV h A lsht °£ adve rtlslnsr fences to
ten rest, the City and County Attorney Is
hereby requested to press the injunction 'pro
ceedinffs to a speedy conclusion and l" re
nZZ ="; « move l ? have the modi
tied so as to permit the arrest of the defend
«TJ? a crl ™ Inal ac »°n. so that the whole
Bpeidlly. 03 " J3assed u »°n definitely and
Board Wants Law Pro
- hibiting High Fences
Enforced.
ORDINANCE WILL
NOW BE TESTED
The tonsorial artists tried to hold them,
but they broke into a run and were
greeted cheerfully at the door by" Mayor
Phelan. The Mayor, with coat collar
turned. up, wap watching the work of the
firemen, and he expressed great pleasure
that'\Mr. Riordan and Judge Conlan had
been saved from death. The legal gentle
men thanked him for his sympathetic re
gard, and removing the lather from their
faces with, their handkerchiefs proceeded
to another tonsorial parlor to have a final
and clean cut decision of ' the shaving
problem.' . . ' ' . "" . . :
The. men of the razor tried to assure
them that.it was not at all close in the
tonsorial parlors," and that they could
send them on their way looking' as hand
some as ever long before the marble floor
could be thrown against the ceiling by
the heat. »
The men of jurisprudence would heed
no such advice and with lather on their
faces and with only the port side of their
physiognomies cleared of stubble they
rushed for their coats and tiles.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAM,; TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29,/ 1901.
T. D. Riordan and Judge. Charles T. Conlan Leave the Occidental Hotel
Barber-Shop Half Shaved, for Fear Their Oratorical Apparatus
Might Become Overheated and Rendered Unfit for Campaign Service
HAVE NO DESIRE TO EMULATE BOY
WHO STOOD ON THE BURNING DECK
9
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J» CELEBRATED *V
few STOMACH. 4» .
There is no. med.cine in, thi.
world so goo.i for. stomach com-
plaints as the "Bitters. It cure*:
Dyspepsia, Indigestion, Consti-
pation, Biliou'.nasp; Malaria,
fever and Ague.
A fair trial- will convince you.
/""S" Rupture Cured. '
' LK -^k The celebrated California In- 1
[*' JSi-WnL Tentor > Dr. Pierce, discovered I
rv^< «^« t^ It l^ e on ' v reme< * v * or R U P -
- \£ >C«k 7 9 t» r0 is Electricity, anil in per-
1 S*2SyT fecting his wonderful Electro-
jS^jffy-'wVjPw ' 5&l Magnetic Truss and estab- :
MM^Xw^ llsblng its sale throughout
WWf^tjfifflKi'S' tho world > he K 378 t0 8uf "
i\\\{\\^lvf«fflff»ffl{ fcrers frointhit<dangpro;i3
m^M^SSBMSsa! malady the relief and Be- :
"^\u25a0V^liifiWKfii? curlty yainly sought for
\u25a0^Si*' el«ewhere.ThlBrenowned .
••*»Ty|Vf \u25a0 . appliance is radiotlly dif- ..
ferent from all others and its action on tho [
ruptured parja Is 1 quick and effective Curei
accomplished by its use are numbered by the
thousand. If ruptured investigate at once. Call
or send a 2-cent stump for new " Booklet No. 1,"
Address Magnotlo Truss Co., 114B Broadway (new
26th Bt.), New York, or 206 Po»t Bt., SanFraacUoo.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
. H A OHBAT - WSSTOHATIVE, ' 1NVIQOUA.
i tor and Nervine.
. The n»o»t wonderful aphrodUlaa and Bpeclal
Tonlo for the Hexual OrKanii, for both aaxea, "
The : Mexican llemedy for Diseases of ths Kid-
neys and liliulcW. HhIIh on lu uwn nierln,
NAURU, AhV'» A Um/Nlfl,. ABenli,. ',
123 Market at., H. F.-iHend fur Circular!,)
ADVERTISEMENTS. • '
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
- > .
OF THE • \u25a0 '
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Transatlantic Fire
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF HAMBURG. GERMANY ON THE 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1900, and for the
year ending on that day, as made to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Cali-
fornia, pursuant to the Provisions of Sections
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed as
per blank furnished by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $354,715 00
Cash in Company's Office and .In
• Banks 13,773 72
Certificates of Deposit In hands of
Trustees ••••• 20,053 74
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans •• *."35 00
Premiums in due Course of Collection. 61,619 23
Bills receivable, not Matured, taken
for Flre and Marine Risks 248 90
Due from other Companies for Re-ln- '
surance on losses already paid 179 93
Total Assets $655.344 54
LIABILITIES.
Losses adjusted and unpaid $5,537 50
Losses in process of Adjustment or in
Suspense \u25a0 23,317 33
Losses resisted, lncludinK expenses 10,727 50
GrdSs premiums tan Flre Risks running
one year or less, $365,295 73; re-in-
1 surance 50 per cent 182,647 87
Gross premiums on Flre Risks running
more than one year, $197,943 72; re-
' insurance pro rata 107,659 35
All other Liabilities ; 15.3S4 17
Total Liabilities $345.273 72
INCOME.-
Net cash actually received* for Flre
premiums ..:................ $423,411 21
Received for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all
other sources — • '•••• 17,427 23
Received from Home Office 67.S39 98
• Total Income $498^678^47
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Flre Losses (in-
cluding $80,308 18. losses of previous
years) $431.470 92
Paid or 'allowed • for Commission or
• Brokerage 101.467 18
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 2S.SS3 53
Paid for State, National and Local ..
taxes is, • -13.331 30
All other payments and expenditures.. 43.285 39
. Total Expenditures '.....$623.418 33
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
written during the
year $55,987,935 $658,9:6 S3
Net amount of Risks
expired during the • •
year :..:.....••• 73,549,991 801,276 63
Net amount \u25a0 In force .
December: 31. 1900... '42.960.411 S63.239 45
~ r ~~ ADOLPH I.OEB. U. S. Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 30th
day of January. 1901.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
PACIFIC DEPARTMENT,
• ESTABLISHED IN 1872,
213 SANSOME STREET,
, SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. .
Y. CARUS DRIFFIELD, Manager.
H, DANKER, Assistant Manager,
DR. HALL'S KEINVIGORATORpragi
Stops all losses in 21 hours. Five. \u25a0JflT^VABl
hundred reward for* any case we \u25a0\u25a0 "Sfc
connot cure. ThU secret remedy, \u25a0 . jQ
cured KmUxiona, Impotency, B3| Hn
Varlooeele, Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Wffl
HtrU'tureH, Drains. Lout Man- uILJ UUJ
hooil anil all other wasting er- |Mi_O^S
ferts of »e|r-nbu*t> or exofaseii. BMH "1*1
gent Hauled, $3 bottle: 3 battles, $5: guaranteed
to cure- any • caie. Call or address - orderi
JIALb'B MKDICAh IN8T1TUTB. KA Broad-
way.- Oakland, Cal.' Also fnr tuili) at 10741a
Market St., B. K. \u25a0 Wend fop free book.
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
A TVVV'j'RTTS'Frw p f MT^.
UNITED STATES BRANCH. .
STATEMENT
— -OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE — -
London Assurance
Corporation
(INCORPORATED A.D. 172O*
OF LONDON, ENGLAND. ON THE J1ST
day of December, A. D. 1900. and for the
year ending on that day. as made . to the In-
surance Commissioner of the State of Califor-
nia, pursuant to the provisions of Sections tin
and 611 ot the Political Code, condensed as p«r
blank furnished by the Commissioner: \u25a0'•:-:..
ASSETS.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company $1,090,073 75
Cash In. Company's Office 1.479 04
Cash in Banks .' 233, U3 S?
Interest due and accrued on all
Stocks and Loans 5.S33 S3
Premiums to due Course of Collec-
tion 2W.MT S3
Bills receivable, not matured, taken " ; - -
for Fire and Marine Risks...: 122 13
Due from other Companies for Rein-
surance on losses already paid 14.314 SI
Total Assets „.. $2,447.87? 0«
LIABILITIES. "
Losses adjusted and unpaid $33,301 00
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense 51.306 00
Losses resisted, including expenses.. 17.700 t»
Gross premiums on Flre Bisks run- -
nlng one year or less. $810,793 69;
reinsurance W per cent 305.336 35
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year. »SSO.-
S01 13: reinsurance pro rata 4Z9.51X &3
Gross Premiums i oa , Marine Time
Risks $ ; reinsurance 50
per cent 33,33$ 1J
Amount reclalmable by «he Insured
on perpetual Flre Insurance pol-
icies 174 in
AH other liabilities 98.405 2)
Total Liabilities S1.03S.K67 33
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for Flre
premiums • $334,830 35
Net cash actually received for Ma-
rine premiums-.... 34S.500 34
Received for Interest and dividends
on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from
all other sources 72.5H 5*
Received from all other sources 2,245 23
Total Income $1,278.458 04
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including; $ losses of pre-
vious years) $ol£,&2 (3
Net' amount paid for Marine Losses
(Including $ losses of pre-
vious years) 193.731 S
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage •;...- 201.7*« 17
Paid for Salaries, Fees and other
• charges for officers, clerks, etc.... 88,827 *3
Paid for State. National and Local
taxes - 44.573 32
Alt other payments and expenditures 62.301 tis
Total Expenditures $1.106. S38 90
Losses incurred during the year $721,343 45
Risks and. Premiums. Flre Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
\u25a0written during the
year ? IU1.S34.S74 IL05S.H7 00
Met amount of Risks
expired during the
£ear •• .1U.C84.815 M7.J1S IS
Net amount In force
December II. 1300.. 163.036,811 1. 491. 777 83
MarinaRisks. Premiums.
Net amount of Risks
• written during the "\u25a0\u25a0 •\u25a0• .
year ••••.—••• H0US6.7S1 $S<(UM M
Net amount of Risks
ZS&l'JZ&X! «.«.«« .33.137 U
Net amount In force
December 11. 1300.. 6.M8.M4 O,Ki 13
~~ CHARLES' L. CASE, Manager. ,
- Subscribed and sworn to before ma this 2Jtn
day of January. 1701. EMIL FRK.VKEU
Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
221 SANSOME ST.,
Snn Frmiclico.' *
GEO.F. GRANT • •' "Mepaftcf.
ADVERTISEMENTS. § - \u25a0 \ \ , , V t , *
conaiOHT iieo n m t rooter a mum co. cmciimati.
how to Economize.
# .,,.-\u25a0 ...
f* IOME men economize so closely on the
number of words in a telegram that the
receiver can not understand it. This is not
' sensible economy. Neither is it sensible
economy to ruin garments of value with cheap
soap or powerful chemicals that eat into the. fabric
True economy uses Ivory Soap in the laundry.
It is the most of pure soap that can be sold for the
• money. t Chemically it is as innocent as water. Yet *
' it ! does everything you can ask of a soap* . Try it 1• - : LIVERPOOL. - - : \u25a0
Wheat— v ' !\u25a0<- Dec. March.
Opening 6 9 6 10%
Closing .-. 5 S% 5 10
•• " . . PARIS.
Wheat— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening ...\u25a0...."........:....."..; 20 65 ' 21 79 \u25a0
Closing ....'......; 1. .. 20 65 . 21 70
y Flour — . . 1 . . .:. . \u25a0 ' •
OperMng .......-........'.'.. .26 60- 27 50 ,
Closing*;.:.. 2645" "27 60 .
California Fruit Sales.
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
\u25a0je -Chicago Grain Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Hides; Tallow, Wool y and Heps:
HIDES 'AND'- SKINS— Culls and brands sell
On the .Produce Exchange 1 to-day .the butter
market*, was : steady; , . creameries,',. . 14@21Vic;
\u25a0 \u25a0Articles— ' . ' Receipts. Shipments. 1
Flour, bbls ...28.000 " .'40,000
Wheat, bu 228.000 120,000
Corn, bu ."... '.153,000 95,000
Oats, ' bu .. ......".....t."..:.'.. 272,000 . 341,000
Rye, bu ....;...... 14,000' .......
Barley.^bu.. .".;."....;:...:..". 48,000.' ; r 16,000
Builders' Contracts.
- Mrs. T. C. Horn " (owner) with R. M. Ellis
(contractor and architect) — AH work for. a two
story and basement frame building- on N line
of Golden Gate avenue. 37:6 W of Central av
enue (Lott) "W 25 by 110: total $2450. V
Clara A.' Giberson. wife, of Nelson S.' Gtber
son-(owner) with G. H.andS. "Walker (con
tractors), architect J. H. Llttlefield— ;A11 work
for a two-story and attic frame building on N*
line of Union street. 171:10% E of Webster. E 5
31:4% .by N 137: total $6416. " >
Catherine C. Banna n (owner) -with Fred Mil- '
ler (contractor), architect. M. - J. "Welsh— All *
wprk.for a two-story .and basement frame
building (two flats) on S line of Twenty-first
street. 25 E of Chattanooga. • B \u25a0 25 by 8 104
total JCSCO.
Cash quotations were as follow^; Flour, firm ;
No. 2 spring wheat,. 69%(g!.70Uc; No. 3: spring'
72@72%c; No. 2 oats. 37%c: No. 2 white, 39%©
40c; No; 3 white, 39@4Cc: No. 2 rye, 55%@'55%c
fair'to choice malting, 64@57%c; No. si North
western, $1 52; prime timothy, seed, '$5 6oig5 75;
mess ' pork, - per bbl, $13 50® 13 60; lard; per 100
lbs, ?8 80@8 90; short ribs sides , (loose), $S 00@
8 25; dry salted | shoulders (boxed), 7%^7%c;
short 'clear sides (boxed), s $8 75®8 85; whisky,
basis of high wines,- $1 30. .. . ••-.
The expected decline has occurred, and Hams.
Bacon and Lard are all %c lower. .The demand
has also fallen off. and the market Is weak and
dull'at the decline. , V
Chicago ; was weak ; and lower, owing to the
.arrival 'of more" hogs than had Jbeen 'expected''"
-. CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy'
,12%c- for light medium. 13% - for light'
14%c for extra • light and 15c: for sugar-cured
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13%c:; California
Hams, 13c ;• Mess Beef, "' $11 per barrel; extra
Mess, $12;; Family. $12 50; Prime Mess PurU.
$15;' extra clear, $23,- MesK J1D; Smoked Beef.
14c per pound. . - . *. r .-\u25a0 .
. . LA RD— Tlercp*. ouoted ' at : fir per . lb . ' f or
compound and ll%c for pure;, half-barrels pure '
ll%c; 10-lb tins. 12%c; 5-lb tins, 12%c; 3-lb tins'
IZysC.-' \u25a0"\u25a0.•..'-' ..' :->•>;-\u25a0 •\u25a0 v - ;.}\u25a0\u25a0*.- rt *,
' eOTTOLENE— One half-barrel,/ 10?»c; three
half-barrels. 10Uc; one tierce, 10%c; two tierce:.,
10c;- five ? tierces. 9%c per lb. .
Provisions.
Articles— Open. . High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
October, j 70% " -70Vi • 70% 70%
December .71%.. 71% ,. 70% ; 71%
May 74% 74% 74% 74%
Corn. No. 2— . . •
October .:.. 54%
December ' 66% . 57% 56% 56*4
May : 59 • I 5S% 59>i
Oats, No. 2— - rr> .
October 33% 36Vi 35% -36
December 36% • 36%' 36% -36%
May 3S% , 38% . 38% 38%
Mess pork, \u25a0 per bbl — •• - ,
January 15 02%; 15 02% 14 92% 14 92V.
May .....15 12% 15 12% 15 00,, 15 00 "
Lard, per 100 lbs— . .
October ..'. 8 90 / 8 90 . 8 77% 8 77%.
November.. 8 85 8 87% .8 75 8 72%
January ............ 8 82% 8 82% 8 75 - 8 75
Short ribs, per 100 lbs—
October. 8 35 8 35 8 23- 8 25
January .....7 77% ,7 77% 7 72% 7 72%
May .\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0....... 7 85 7 87% 7 80 '7 82%
NEW TORK. Oct. 28.— There was no very ag
gressive bull spirit manifest from the outset
In to-day's stock market, although there was
some support for special stocks from time to
time. About midday an attempt was made to
bid up a group of specialties, but the demand
lor Etocke ; was at a minimum and. prices kept
Bagging to . a lower level. The . pressure was
not severe through the earlier part of the day,
but gained ' force and In the last hour of the
session became acute. The realizing was by
recent speculative buyers, evidently, shown by
the conspicuous -weakness of those stocks which
have been under recent manipulation for the
advance. The weakness became quite general
at the last and the majority of the active
stocks fell a point or more below Saturday.
\u25a0The fall In Northwestern was 5%; Delaware &
Hudson. 4; St. Paul. 3%; Amalgamated Copper,
3V4: General Electric and Colorado Fuel, 3;
Sugar, 2%', New York Central. 2%; Union Pa
cific. 2% ; Missouri Pacific, Northern . Pacific
preferred. Baltimore & Ohio. Tennessee Coal
and Reading preferred, 2. The taking of bear
profits by the room traders caused only feeble
rallies and the closing was weak at about the
lowest. Undoubtedly the hardening tendency
of the money market and the prospect of gold
6hlpments to Paris this week prompted the
epeeulatlve liquidation. • The clouds '\u25a0 of uncer
tainty which have gathered again over the
Northern Pacific settlement • seemed' -to cast
gloom over the Epeeulatlve mind after Mr. Mor
gan had arrived at his office and no instan
taneous statement of settlement was given out.
The renewed weakness of ' Amalgamated Cop
per was also an unsettling influence. .The sell
ing of this stock and of Sugar was very heavy
for Boston, account. Call , loans advanced to
day to 4 per cent and the assurance which was
professed on Saturday over the "increased cash
reserves of the banks was dissipated and yield
ed to anxiety on account of the large loan ex
pansion. Foreign- exchange continued firm to-'
New York Stock Market.
m; '.-.. Exchange and Bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days........ — $4 8414
Sterling Exchange, sight... — 4 87V&
Sterling Cables — 4 8SH
New York Exchange, sight...... — 10 '
New York Exchange, telegraphic — '\u25a0 12>A
Silver, per ounce \u25a0• 57W
Mexican Dollars, nominal :..'_ 47 © , 47}s
\u25a0Wheat and OtJier Grains.
1WHEAT- Reported rains 1 in ' the Argentine
eased off the foreign markets: The world's
shipments f or ' the week were as follows,, in
quarters: Russian, 206,000; Danublan, 57,000-
Argentine, 21,000; Indian, "13,000; • Australiah.
3000. - .-. \u25a0 ; - . . . . \u25a0 -
The American : visible supply increased 1 311 -
000 bushels. Chicago declined %c, owing to" the
weaker cables and light showers in the South
west. The buying, however, was of a better
class than the selling. There was general con
fidence:. In prices, holders were unwilling to
make concessions and there was some covering
of shorts. , ; -
In this market there was no material change
in quotations, but the feeling was easy and
there was. a falling off in business on call.
,, S ,£?, t U, wh<?at — Shlp P ln &- 98%c^*l; milling,
-fl 02%@l'0j,.per ctl. ,,
., ' CALL. BOARD, SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls
$1 04%: \u25a0 -,•'.,' ; - . • -i ' . '. • . : \u25a0
\u25a0 Second .Session— December— 8000 ctls. "$1 00U-
/ May-4000, . « 04%. ,,,. . •' • -'.')* **'
Regular Morning Session— No sales: ' . ' '
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls
SI 00%: May— 4000, Jl 04%: 2OC0. $1 04%:
BARLEY— The situation ' remains as before
the market being dull, with light offerings on
the spot. < •\u25a0 \u25a0; \u25a0 ... \u25a0. ,.: . \u25a0 -\u25a0 \u25a0 ,
' Feed, 73%@75c for choice bright, 72V*c for No. 1
1 and 70c for off grades; Brewing and Shipping
grades, 77%@S2%c; Chevalier, 95c@$l Co j?er ct!.
CALL BOARD SALES. ; .
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
«, Second Session— No sales.' ' •
Regular Morning Session— No Kales/:. \u25a0V' :i :' v
Afternoon Session— December— 2000 ctls, 7O5»c
OATS— The market . shows no change, -trade
being dull, with- large "offerings. Chicago was
very firm,' cash Oats being In sharp demand
with samples all cleaned up.
Grays., *1<8>1 a); whites. %i 15@1 30; black $1®
1 20. and red;. SI 05<31 17% per etl. , '
, CORN— The - California product continues to
decline slowly; and buyers are holding off for
still lower, prices. Quotations for Eastern are
largely ' nominal. ' *\u25a0 - \u25a0' . \u25a0\u25a0 ( :
.-..Large yellow is qjuoted 1 at $135; small rotfnd
yellow, n 40; white, |1 47%; Eastern Corn, nom
inal. *'< \u25a0'. . . V- ' : - '\u25a0 \u25a0- - -• * - •
. RYE— 72%#76%c per ctl. \u25a0 .\u25a0-•'. '\u25a0'. '.
; 'BUCKWHEAT-Nominal;.none In first hands.
\u25a0\u25a0 y Flour and Millstuffs.
\u25a0 FLOUR— California , Family . Extras?*' $3 25Q
3 50, -'. usual terms; Bakers'.' Extras, |3 13@3 25;
Oregon. . $2 E0@2 75 : per * barrel \u25a0 for family < and
J2 75@3 for bakers" : Washington bakers' > *2 75
®3.* \u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0\u25a0>!' -\u25a0': \u25a0" .; \u25a0. ..... ., . , ; ...
: MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
llows. \u25a0 usual discount to: the trade:'. 'Graham"
Flour," ?3 \u25a0 per . 100 lbs ; - Rye Flour, . f 2 75 ; \u25a0 Rye .
Dullness still characterizes the market. .Quo
tations for .everything, remain unchanged.
FRUITS— Apricots. 7@8%c for Royals and 8®
ISc for standard to fancy Moorparks; Evapo
rated ' Apples. 5%@7c;;- sun-dried, - 3>4@4%c;
Peaches, 6@7Vic; Pears, -4@8c; Plums, pitted,
3%6f5c: unpitted, \u25a0 l@2c; Nectarines, . 5@6c for
red and 5V4@6Hc for, white; Figs.- 3@3£c for
black. \u25a0-\u25a0< . • ' ' \u25a0 •
PRUNES— New crop are quoted a3 follows:
30-40-s. 6%@5%c: 40-50" s. .4%@5c; 50-60' s. VA@
4%c; 60-70's, 3%@4c; 70-SO's. 3%@3Hc; 80-90's. 2%
©3c; !)O-10O's;-ai4@2%c per lb. ."
RAISINS— (Price per 20-lb box): Clusters-
Imperial. ' $3; ' Dehesa. $2 50; fancy, $1 75; 4
erewn, $1 60; London Layers— Three-crown,
$120; two-crown> $1 10. Price per. lb: • Stan
dard loose Muscatels — Four-crown. 4%c; Three
crown. 4%c; Two-crown. . 3%c; Seedless-Mus
catels.Vftc; Seedless Sultanas, 5%c; Thompson
Seedless, 6M-c;. Bleached Sultanas— Fancy. 8Vjc;
choice, 7%c: standard, "-6%c: prime. 5%c; un
bleached " Sultanas. 5c. Bleached Thompsons-
Extra fancy. "lie; fancy, 10c; choice, 9c; stan
dard, 7V4c; prime.-: 6V£c.-. Fancy seeded. 6!4c;
choice seeded, \u25a0 5%c. ••,-';-. -
'.NUTS— Chestnuts, S@12%c; Walnuts, No. 1
softshell. 9&c; No.2.'.7V4c: No. 1 hardshell. 9c;
No.- 2, -.7c; Almonds. 13@14c for papershell. -10
©lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts,' 5@7c for Eastern ; Brazil Nuts, 12@l2%c i
Filberts, 12@12%c; Pecans. U@13c; Cocoanuts.
$3 50@5. • . - . . -' \u25a0 \u25a0 i \u25a0 \u25a0 . ' ;
HONET— Comb,* 12@12%c for bright I and 100
ll%c for light amber; water white extracted,
?)@Cc; liglit amber extracted. 4@5c;' dark, 4c.
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc per lb.-
' Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins:
*--._ : . . -*
CHICAGO, Oct. 28.— Lower cables brought the
depression ' in wheat at the opening, December
starting . %c lower, at 71M>@71c. Report had
It that there had been good rains In Argentina
and at once there was a general liquidation,
not *only of large accounts, but also for short
sellers. The world's visible- supply had In
creased and world's -shipments had decreased
and there was an attempt to press the market
under 71c • No sooner had the bull clique got
rid of their- wheat, however, than there came
reports that- the rain -was In ; provinces where
it was not needed. and December took a quick
upturn. It only reached 71%@71V4c,' however,
and when the pit showed signs of growing
dullness prices- eased oft again- to. 71c. De
cember closed weak, %(f^V4c lower, at 71%c.
Corn started weak because of the selling
pressure In wheat. Ibut turned up slightly as
soon as the other pit began to recover. De
cember closed easy, %c lower, 56%c. < -'-t
A fair cash demand kept the. oats pit fairly
firm and independent of ether markets. De
cember closed a shade lower, at 36%@36V4c. ;
"Hog products were ; profoundly dull, having
only enough business to establish quotations.
Prices opened lower on a *weaker hog market
and on offerings and changing of deliveries
eased a trifle. January pork closed 20c lower;
lard, 12yjc down and" ribs. 10c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Weather Report.
120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 28, 5 p.» m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
Sate as compared 'with those of the same date
last season and rainfall In last twenty-four
hours.
Last This Last
Stations— 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eoreka 1.54 6.7J 6.08
Red Bluff 0.60 3.90 3.05
Sacramento ......... 0.20 1.90 1.02
San Francisco 0.07 1.42 1.64
Fresno 0.18 1.11 0.49
Independence 0.00 1.07 0.84 -
San Luis Oblspo.... 0.22 2.86' ' 1.93
Lc« Angeles 0.00 2.00 0.26
San Diego 0.00 •0.30 0.30
£an Francisco data: Maximum temperature.
60; minimum, 52; mean, 56.
The following maximum and minimum tem
peratures were reported from Eastern Station*:
Boston. 66-3S; Cincinnati. 62-50; Washington,
70-42; Jacksonville. 76-58; New Tork, 66-50;
Kansas City. 80-56; Omaha, 68-50; Duluth,
46-33; Ealt Lake City. 56-46; Chicago, 50-46; St.
Louis, 6S-46; Philadelphia, 6S-50.
•vV THE COAST RECORD.
= B ;SS o J5 »o
STATION. rPlPf ll If I
5 : 3: 3 : s » <^p
\u25a0 * ' 1 • : 3
Astoria 29.88 56 48 SW Cloudy .24
Baker ....29.S8 48 40 NW Cloudy .01
Carson 29.90 46 44 NE Cloudy .20
Eureka _30.08 56 48 NW Clear .14
Fresno 29.88 66 48 NW Clear .18
Flagstaff 29.94 E2 32 SW Cloudy .00
Pocatello. Idaho.. .23.84 48 44 S Cloudy .16
Independence 29.72 58 42 W Clear .00
Los Angeles 29.86 68 66 W Cloudy .00
Phoenix ..29.76 80 56 W Clear .00
Portland 29.94 54 48 SW Cloudy .04
lied Bluff 29.94 12 44 SW Cloudy .00
Roseburg 38.04 56 48 SW Cloudy .40
Sacramento 29.S2 64 52 N Clear .20
Salt Lake 29.76 56 46 EE Rain .05
San Franciaco 29.98 60 52 NW Clear .02
8aa Lule Oblspo.. .29.S8 €2 46 TV Pt.Cldy .22
Ban Diego 29.92 66 58 NW Clear .00
Seattle 29.86 58 48 EE Rain .04
Spokane ....29.S2 5S 40 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Neah Bay 29.80 54 48 SW Cloudy .12
Walla Walla. 29.«4 58 46 S Cloudy .02
Winneroucca 28.84 42 38 S Cloudy .16
Tama 29.76 80 60 SW Pt.Cldy .00
Temperature— 7 a. m., E2 degrees. - !
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
The pressure has risen over the northern
portion of the coast and has fallen over the
southern portion. Rain has fallen generally
over the country west of the- Rocky Mountain?,
Snow is reDorted in the Sierras moderately
heavy.
Much colder weather prevails in California
and Nevada. Freezing temperatures may b»
expected in Northern Nevada Tuesday morn
ing, and east and north bound travelers are
•warned to exaect relatively cold weather.
High- winds are reported in Southern Utah,
Southern Nevada and along the northern
coast of California. «
- Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnisht. October 29. 1901:
Northern California — Clearing Tuesday; cool
er; fresh northerly winds. .
Southern California— Clearing Tuesday; cool
er in the Interior; fresh northerly winds.
Nevada— Clearing; colder; \u25a0 brisk northerly
winds. \u25a0 -\u25a0\u25a0 •
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Tuesday;
cooler: brisk westerly wind.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
NEW TORK. Oct. 28.— The visible supply of
grain showed October 26, as complied by the
New York Produce" Exchange, is as follows:
Wheat, - 40.704,000 bushels; increase, 1,131,000
bushels. Corn. 13,636,000 bushels; increase, 1S7,
'000 bushels. Oats. 8.247,000 bushels; increase,
203.000 bushels. Rye. 1.944.000 bushels: increase,
70,000 bushels. Barley, 2,082,000 bushels; in
crease, 234,000 bushels. •
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 28.-WHEAT-VJC lower; blue
stem, 56c; club. 55c. . ,
Cleared — Steamship Borneo, with 171,233 bush
els of wheat, for Cape Vincent.
PORTLAND, \u25a0- Oct. / 28.— WHEAT— Steady,
with a tree selling movement. Walla Walla,
55%@56c; ( bluestem, 56%@57c; valley, 56%c.
OREGON,
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
Or., Oct. 28.— Clearings, $720,261;
balances, $79,031.
STOCK AUTD BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Oct. 28—2 p. m. .
UNITED STATES BONDS. ~
• • Bid.Ask. Bid Ask
4s quar coup.. 111% — 4s qr c (new). 139 *140 '
4s quar reg....lll%112H 3s quar coup..l0Syi —
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay C P C os.106%107 Oceanic SS 5s.103%104«
Cal-st 5s.......U8 — Omnibus C 6s. 129U —
C C Water 5«.llltfH2H Pac G Imp 4s - —
Ed L & P 6s. — 131% Pk & C H 6s.Hl 113
Fer & C H 6s. — 122 Pk & O R 6s 121 —
Geary-st 5s — Powll»st R 8s:
H C & S 5Mss. — — Sac E G R 5s. 96 93
Do os 99U— S F & SJV 03.122^12311
Los Ang R 5s.ll7ViU8 Sierra Cal 6s . — —
L A Light 6S.101U - S P of Ariz 6s
Do gntd.6s-.100 — (1909) .113 11314
Do gntd 5s.. 101 103 (1910) 114U —
L A & P 5s...l01%102 S P of Cal 6s
Do 1 c m 5s. — 123 - (1905), Ser A. 107 —
Mkt-st Cab 6s. — 128i.i ? (1905) Ser B. 108 —
Do 1 c m as.12214 — (1906) ..110*4 —
N R of Cal 6s. — 113V! (1912) li$2 _
Do 5s "— 121% S P cf Cal 1st
Nor Pac C 6s. 101% — , c gntd 5s 111% — '
Do 5s ..:..... — 108 S P Br Cal 6s.l34 140
Nor Cal R 5s.. 112% — . S V Water 6s. 111% — "
Oak Ga3 5s. ...111% — . Do 4s — 104S4
Qftk Tran 6s.. 123% — Do 4s. 3d m.l02H103H
Do 1st c 53.. — 112V1 Stktn Gaa 6s..lO2%4
Oak Wat g 5s. — .108 I
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. 77% 78 ;Port Costa..... 63% 66
Marin County. 58' — \u25a0 'Spring Valley. 86 86%
GAS AND ELECTRIC.
Cent-L & P... 2H 4 'Pacific Light.. 41 _
Equitable ..... 3% 4 (Sacramento ... 25
Mutual ...:.... 3 5%,S F G & E.... — 43
Oakland — 51% San Francisco. 4% 5
Pac Gas Imp. 39% 41% Stktn G & E.. 8 —
- ' INSURANCE.
Firem's Fund. 240 —
BANKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77% 79%. L P & A.:....159%160
California i...4O6 — Mer Ex (liq).. 16 —
Cal Safe Dep..lO9.. — S F National.. 130
First Natlonl.312% — . ,
SAVINGS BANKS. ;
German 1900 — |Sav & Loan... — . 90
Humboldt — — (Security Sav..2S5 350
Mutual- Sav — 60 \u25a0 — [Union Trust. .1700
S F Sav U 525 : — ' I " - ..
STREET RAILROADS.
California 130% - iO S L & H.... 40 —
Geary ..: — 50. Presidio 30 —
Market 89% 90 I . . l
POWDER. \
Giant 83% 84 |Vlgorit 4% 4%
SUGAR.
Hana 4% — Kilauea .^11 u«
Hawaiian — .47% Makaweli 27% 28V 4
Honokaa 11% 12 .Onomea 24 2.1
Hutchlnson ... 16?4 — • 'Paauhau 11^4 n%
.'MISCELLANEOUS.
Alaska Pack.. 141% — Oceanic S Co. 43% 46
Cal Fruit Asn. 97% — Pac Aux F A. 2Vi —
Cal "Wine Asn. 89% 91% Pac C Borax.. 163
Mer Exchngc.110 — Par Paint ;... 16 —
Morning Session.
\ 40 Giant Powder Con 83 00
/100 Hana Plantation Company..... 4 75
- 10 Paauhau S P Company - 11 60 '
$20COS H of Arizona (1909) ...U3 50
45 S V Water: 8700
12 8 V Waters 86 75
$1000 S V,6 per cent bonds.. m rn
: - " Street— " . .
$10,000; S V 4 per. cent bds 3d mort...,102 75
- Afternoon Session.
Board— '. - ' \u25a0 . .'
$5000 Bay Counties Power Co 5 per cent 106 73
15 Giant Powder Con........; \u25a0 03 5^
50 Hawaiian Coml & Sugar 40 00
15 Makaweli ...........: .V............ 28 00
15 Market-street Railway 89 £
25 S F Gas & Electric Company.. 4. 7^ .
ss^£°r ....„.,....„:.. ......; 86 £
.' 175 Giant Powder Con „ -»
, "— . *
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
' \u25a0 _ .Morning Session.
30 Kern ...".:. — ••....."..".... . « aa
5000 Petroleum Center ................. • * XX
100 Wolverine ......;............. '"' Yr
•• .. . • ' - \u25a0 \u25a0•\u25a0'-- Afternoon Session. " * "
' 2C0 Junction' •\u25a0•'\u25a0•'.. ..I..... .'.'\u25a0" • «_ •
100O Petroleum Center (b 30) ..... "**-" . .ri
6C0O Petroleum Center (g -90) 7.""" 7% '
1000 Petroleum Center (b 30)......;..'"" Vx \u25a0
630 Petroleum Center '"" fr
50CO Petroleum Center (b 90). r... • ?X
. 100 Sovereign .........V...:..-...- '.';'.'."'\u25a0 ,2
- - MINING STOCKS. •
-* '- "'9"- '- - " * " " \u25a0 \u25a0
The following were the sales In the <**r,
Francisco Stock and Exchange Board yester
.'.-;.. Morning Session.'
200 Best & Belcher.^ 16 400 Potosl ' in
600 Crown Point.... 07 100 Sierra f Nevada* 17
300 Ocldental . . . . . . v t3 CCO Silver Hifl ' " 11
300 Ophlr ......".."...• 85 200 Union Conr'v"> 16
.DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— $1@1 25 per box for, extra. 50@Sjc
for good to choice and 25@50c for ordinary. \u25a0\u25a0 !
POMEGRANATES-EOclgU per box. ; •
• PEAHS-^Winte'r Nells, $1@1 25 per box;'com
mon, 5053 Tic. \u25a0 .' , , , ' ; • •
QUINCKS— 40@60c Der' box. \u25a0
PERSIMMONS— 75c(S$l per box. .
STRAWBERRIES— $6@7 per chest for Long
worths and $3@4 for large berries.
BLACKBERRIES— $3@4 per chest.
LOGAN BERRIES— None in.
HASHMKitKII-J-^-Mf/.S per-cnest.
HUCKLEBERRIES— Per lb, .
CRANBERRIES— Cape Ccd, $9 50 per barrel;
to arrive, $10 50; Coos Bay, $2 50 per box.
FIGS— Black. 50c; White, 25@30c per box."
\u25a0 MELONS — Nutmegs, 50@60c per box; Canta
loupes, 50c@$l per crate; . Watermelons, So@10
per 10O. \u25a0\u25a0" —
GRAPES— Verdels. 30@75c per box and crate;
Tokay,. 40@75c; Muscat. 40@65c; Black. 40@75c;
Cornichon, 50@83c;>.Wine Grapes, $25@30 per ton
for Zinfandels and $20@26 for White.
CITRUS FRUITS— Oranges. 75c@$2 for com
mon. $3 25@3 75 . for good to choice, and $4 for
fancy; new Na\els, $2 5C@3 50: Lemons, .$1@1 25
for common and $2(S3 for, pood to choire; Grape
Fruit, $1 50@4; Mexican Limes, $4 50@5; Ba
nanas, $1 50@2 50 per bunch; Pineapples. $4@5
per dozen. ......
Receipts of Grapes were light, and there was
a good demand for dry stock for the Victoria
steamer and the local trade was brisk, hence
goo'd prices were, realized. .Large boxes sold
up to $1 50@l 75, quite an advance. • Some small
boxes, carried over from Saturday, sold at
20@35c. '
. Lady Apples appeared from El Dorado Coun
ty . and sold at $2 50 per small box.
The Panama . steamer brought . up :484 boxes
Mexican Limes, and prices are Tower..
. Spot stocks of Cranberries are practically
cleaned up, and the next lot, to arrive Friday,
is 'held at $10 50 per barrel, an advance of $1.
Cantaloupes and Nutmegs" are neglected and
weaker.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
LONDON, Oct.. 28.— Consols, 91 15-16; silver,
26 7-16; French rentes, lOOf 45c; cargoes on pas
sage, quiet and steady; cargoes No; 1 standard
California, 28s 6d; cargoes Walla Walla, 28s 3d;
English country markets, generally dearer; im
port into United Kingdom, wheat. 252,000; Im
port Into United Kingdom, flour, 83,000; wheat
and flour oh passage to United Kingdom,
2,180,000; wheat and flour. on passage to Conti
nent. 1,320,000.. 1
LIVERPOOL, Oct 28.— Wheat, quiet; No 1
standard California, 5s 10^d@5s lid; wheat" in
Paris, dull; flour In Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, dull. .
COTTON— Uplands, 4%d.
HOPS— At London: Pacific Coast, steady
£3 5s@£3 15s. ..
Foreign Markets.
Neiv York Cotton Market.
\u25a0;' NEW \u25a0\u25a0 TORK. "Oct. .' *8.— The cotton market
closed weak. "13@15 points lower. -~- *~
The week oDened with dull markets on all
the local exchanges and there were no fluctua
tions worthy of note on the morning, sessions.
The afternoon was equally dull. . with . no
changes except a slight decline in Sprinsr"Val
ley Water to $S6 50. ' /
- .Geary Street Railroad was ex-dlvidend of
50c, or $5000, yesterday.
The Superior Oil Company has levied an as
sessment of lc, delinquent In board Novem
ber 22. ...
STOCK MARKET.
., Receipts were 16,500 pounds of Butter,' 12,300
pounds of Eastern Butter, 399L cases of Eggs,
657 /cases Eastern Eggs, 2200 pounds of Cali
fornia Cheese a.nd • 5700 ' pounds Oregon Cheese.
BUTTER— Creamery, .27@2Sc- per *tb for
fancy and 24©26o for seconds;' dairy 18@25c;
store Butter. 15@l"c per lb; Creamery uu D ,
21@22^c;- Pickled Roll, 18@19c; Keg, 18@19c
per lb. .
CHEESE— New; 11%®12c: old. 10}Jc; Young
America. 12%@13c per lb; Eastern. 13@15c.
EGGS — Ranch. 38@40c and occasionally 41c
for selected large, »5®37Vic tor good to choice
and 32V4@34c for, fair; store, 22@25c per dozen;
cold storage, 21@25c; Eastern. 18@24c.
The situation In Butter Is about as it was
at the close of the week.: There Is plenty on
hand for all current . requirements, and the
tendency among dealers is, to make conces
sions to sell, as will be Inferred by the slight
reduction; In quotations. . -
There is no change in, Cheese, supplies being
ample' and <the" demand nothing extra,
i Supplies of Eggs about balance the demand
and prices stand. as before.- The market is
neither active nor dull. ..
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
CHICAGO, Oct. 28'.— Cattle— Receipts, 4800, In
cluding 300 Texans. and 3500 Westerns. Market
active and 10@15c" 'higher. Good to prime
steers. .$6 25@6 85; poor to medium, $3 8006 00;
stockers and feeders, $2 25@4 25; cows, $125®
4'75;: heifers, $2 25®5 00; canners, $1 25®>2. 25;
bulls, $1 75@4 50;. Calves. $3 00@6 00; Texas
steers, ! $2 75@3 75; Western steers, $3 60@5 50. '
Hogs— Receipts, 35,000; to-morrow, 28,000; left
over, 3500; moderately 10c lower; mixed and
butchers., $5 90@6 40; good to choice heavy. $6 00
@6 42V4; rough heavy. $5 60@5 90; light. $5 85@
6 10; bulk, $5 90@6 00.
Sheep— Receipts, 22,000; sheep strong to 10c
higher; lambs , strong to lOo higher; good to
choice wethers/ $3 40@3 90; fair to choice mixed,
$2 90®3 40; Western sheep, .$3 00®3 75; -native
lambs. $2 50tg>3 50; Western lambs, $3 25@4 65.
Eastern . Livestock Market.
While not exhibiting much activity, the local
.market for evaporated apples holds firm, owing
to the scarcity of offerings.
State, common to good, 6@8c ;' prime, S'/ac;
choice, 9c; fancy. 9Vi@9%c.
California dried fruits were dull, but about,
steady at old prices,
' Prunes — 3%@7c. . . :
Apricots — Royal, 8%@13c; Moorpark, 8@12c.
Peaches — Peeled, ll@18c; unpeeled, 6@9%o-
Visible Grain Supply.
NEW YORK, Oct. * 28.-FLOUR-Recelpts, 1
22,199 barrels; exports, . 9085 ' barrels. Fairly
active and barely steady.*- ... . ..•'.,.
"WHEAT— Receipts, 154,750 bushels; exports,
128,690. Spot, easy; "No. 2 red, 8O0. f.. 0. b.
afloat; 77c elevator." Options were weak and
lower at first, owing, to unsatisfactory, cables,
rains in 'Argentine and .local, loading. - On
subsequent demands from shorts,' however, the
market recovered partly, ; only to drop - oft
again at the close. - The - market was finally
%@lc lower. \u25a0 March; 80V8®80^c, closed 80%c;
May, 79 9-16@79%c, - closed 79y»c; December,
76%®77 5-16c, closed 77c. *>
HOPS — Steady. \u25a0• \u25a0"" " . "
WOOL— Dull. .
HIDES— Steady. ' •. .
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, S 5-16c;
centrifugal. (96 test). 3 13-16c; molasses sugar,
3 ll-16c. Refined, steady. - ...
COFFEE — Spot Rio, firm; No. 7 invoice. 6%c.
Mild quiet; Cordova. 7%@llc. »
Coffee futures opened steady, 20® 25 points
higher, the latter on September. Heavy buying
from all sources,, inspired, .by,'.. continued un-_
favorable weather conditions over the Santos
district, light primary receipts and a firmer
spot demand locally, developed on call and
also offerings . were limited, a further gain of
4@10 points resulting before midday. European
markets reflected great strength in the French
and German markets, with marked advances.
The Brazilian market situation contained little
feature. Toward. the close of the session prices
eased off, but sentiment remained very bullish.
Final prices were 15@25 points net higher,,. with
the undertone steady. The day's business was
heavy, amounting to 169,750 bags. Npvember,
$6 S5@6 40; December, $6 40@6 50; January, $6 50
@6 55; March, $6 75@6 85; May. $6 S0®7; June,
?7 10. :
BUTTER— Receipts, 2648 packages. Steady.
State dairy. 14@2ic; creamery, 15@22i4c; June
creamery, 17%@21%c; factory, 12%@15c.
EGGS — Receipts, 6100 packages. Firm.
Western candled, 21@22c; , Western uncandled,
16@21c.
' DRIED FRUIT.
Flour, qr eks 8,630 Bran, sks 1,257
Oats, ctls ........ 880 Wool, bales 13
Potatoes, sks 791
FOR MONDAY, OCTOBER 2S.
Flour, qr-sks 40,3C3| Middlings, sks... 171
Wheat, ctls 19,252 Wool, sks ........ 152
Barley, ctls 167.760 Shorts, sks 28
Oats, ctls 3,080 Brandy, gals .... 750
Corn.. East. ctls.. 500 Wine, gals 25,800
Rye. ctls 19,413 Hay, tons 1,402
Tallow, ctls 210 Straw, tons 15
Sugar, ctls ..;... 4,300 Pelts, bdls 241
Onions/ sks 416 Hides, No 1,115
Beans, sks 7,747 Lime, bbls 455
Potatoes, 'sks .... 10.697 Leather, rolls ... 40
Bran, sks 3,090 Quicksilver. - flsks \u25a0- 10
OREGON.
Receipts of Produce.
.,Receipts,6f Game were 79- sacks," mostly In the
usual tainted and sour . condition. Quotations
represent.fresh. stocky -'. . ...
POULTRY— l^lvt Turkeys, 14@15c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens; Geese, .per pair, $150
@1 75; Goslings, $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $3@3 60 for
old and $3 50@4 50 for young; Hens, $3 50@4 50;
young Rooster?. $3 50@4 50; old Roosters $3 500
* : /5f»?V«H 50: Br ° Uers . * 3 25@3 50 for large
and $3@3 25 for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per
dozen for' old and $1 75@2 for Squabs.
*\u25a0 GAME— Doves, per dozen, $1; Hare, $1; Rab
bits.. $1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for Brush ;
Mallard, $4@5; (Canvasback, $4@5: .. Sprig
$2@2 50;- Teal, $l*B0@l 75; Widgeon, $1 50@l 75;
Small Ducks, $1 25@1 50; Black Jacks, $2; Eng
lish Snipe, $2 50; Jack Snipe. $1 50; Gray Geese,
$3@3 50; White Geese, $1; Brant. $1 25@1 50 per
dozen.
A- car of. Eastern Poultry came In, and
another v car is due to-day. Local receipts were
insignificant. \u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0 V " \u25a0
Poultry and Game.
John'W. Gothle to Mary G. Gothle (wife),
lot on SE corner of Seward and Willow streets,
S 29 by E 75. Oakland: gift.
Agnes and James F. Kelly to Frank H.
Mesow, lot on the SE corner of Eighteenth
and Market streets, E 100 by S 30:3. block D.
block. 297. North Oakland Homestead Associa
tion. Oakland- ?1». \u25a0 -_. , _
E. R ' and Emma G. Tutt to Edward L. Do
heny lot on the SE line of Walsworth avenue.
220 SW of Bayo Vista avenue, SW 50 by SE
125.\ lot 24. block G. map No. 2. Linda Vista
Terrace, Oakland: $10.
Edward and Sadie- M. Schmidt to Ysmael
Ysunza. lot 4. block 63. Tract B. Berkeley L.
and T I. Association. Berkeley; $10.
Manuel Lee Sllva to Marie QueyrouTet, un
divided half interest in lot 20, block D, map
of portion of Fitch Tract. Alameda: gift.
Matthew R. and Delphoena Lyle to J E
Gordon, lots 1 and 2. block E, Anspacher Tract.
resubdivtelon of portion of Hayward « Tract.
Eden Township; $Wi .
J. E. and Carrie H.- Gordon to Mlna Trim
mer, same. Eden Townnhlp.- $10.
James H. Edelen to Hattie B. Orr (wife <v
Cal M. Orr), lot on N line of Thirty-second
street. 100 E of Grove. B 50 by N 140. block
2043. Rowland Tract. Oakland: $10.
Pierre and. Marie Eustachy to Eugenie Eus
tachy (widow), lot on N line of Pacific avenue.
90 E of Schiller street. E 35. N 125. W 28. 9
10. W 9. 8 115. block 45, Town of Enclnal. Ala
meda; ?10. . y \u25a0;
Farmers' and Merchants' Savings Bank to
Leah. F. Mott (single).- lot, on SE- corner of
Clement avenue and Union' street. E. 83 by S
100,- lots IS to 20. block 58. resubdlvlsion off
block 58 and portion of block 51. same. Ala
meda; ,t!0.
Quincy A % and Eunice M. Chase to Richard
G. Hart, lot on E line of Arch street. 129-11 V
of Cedar. N 60 by E 270, block 3. property
Berkeley View Homestead Association • Berke
ley; $100. . • \u25a0 \u25a0 - '
Richard G. Hart to Mary P. Hart ' (wife)
same, Berkeley: gift. - \u25a0
Frederick and Anna C. Bamman to Anasta
tla Foley (widow), lot on B line of Morton
street, ISO S of Railroad avenue, E ISO by S
40.. block 26. Homestead of Mary A. Fitch,
Jesse P. Hopkins to James P. Taylor 339
square feet In lot 113. plat 30. Mountain View
Cemetery. Oakland Township; $600
Eugenie C. Meyer (wife of J. H.) to Julia
B. Foster, lot on E line of Manoa avenue 115 64
N of Parker street. N 52 by E 159.43, lot 18.
block C. Hlllesass Tract No. 3. Berkeley- $100
Mrs. Anna Franklin to Benjamin Franklin.
W 50 feet of lot 18. Forest Park Tract. Brook
lyn Township; $320.
Elizabeth T. White (single) to Effle W. Bailie
(wife of Joseph), re-record 796 D. 152, lot on NW
corner Manoa street and Ashby avenue, W 50
by N 120, block C, Claremont Tract, Berkeley
George K. Porter and Frederick and E. P
Hewlett (executors estate P. B. Hewlett) to B*
P. Wall, all Interest In undivided two-thirds of
lot 4, block F. Suburban Tract. Berkeley $575.
Frank and Elizabeth A. Teichmann to same
undivided one-third of lot 4, block F, same"
Berkeley: $10. \u25a0
Harriet A. Weaver (widow) to J. R, Jlac-
Gregor. same two pieces lastly described above;
also lot on Nline of Fifty- fourth street 512.50
E of Park. E 37.50 by N 100. portion block B
Parson's Golden Gate Tract. Oakland; $10.
Franz 'J. Lauterbach to, Benjamtn P. Wall
lot 2. - block '"'R,* "Leonard Tract, portion plat 70*
Rancho V. and D. Peralta. Berkeley; $400.
James E. and Amelia. S. Damon to Frank
Elvander, lot on NE line of Fifteenth avenue
South, 2o0 SE of L street South, SE 25 by NE
100, lot 12. block 283, South San Francisco
Homestead and Railroad Association;. $10.
Alameda County. .
Thomas H. Marks to Susan Marks lot on S
line of Precita place, 26 W from NE corner
of 50-vara lot 159, W 4S, S 100, E 80. N 100,
formerly part of lots 158 and 159 Precita Val
ley lands; gift. **
Joseph H. and Frances L. McArthur to Lewis
L. McArthur (one-half), Julia C. Ethel W.
and Mildred U. McArthur (one-sixth each). lot
on the SE line of Market street. 125 SW o£
•Second. SW 25 by SE 91:6; lot on. SW line of
Second street. 55 SE of Stevenson, SE 25 by
SW 95, to correct 1557 D. 2S7; $10.
Estate of Mary Clinton, or Boyle by John
A. Drinkhouse (administrator) to Thomas J.
Boyle, lot on SW line of Xatorna street 223
SW of Eighth, SW 25 by SE 75; $1500.
Albert C. Auger- to Frank and Mary Hanlon,
lot on "YV line of Tenth avenue. 175 S of Cali
fornia street. S 25 by W 120; $10.
C. B. Currier and George M. and Ella C
Mitchell (by attorney) to Ella L. Welch, lot
on W line of Twenty-fourth avenue,. 100 S of
Clement street, W 120 by S 25; $10.
Olive • Verkouteren fwidow) to Southern Pa
cific Company, lot on W line of Gould street
200 S of Paul avenue. S 50 by W 100. lots 15 and
16, block 3. Garden Tract Homestead Associ
ation, $10. ,.
Edward J. Vogel (by John A. Grennan as
ellsor in place of >B. P. Oliver, commissioner) to
Hibernia. Savings and Loan Society, lot on £
line of Sanchez street. 30 N from Day, N 27:6
by E 80; $823. "
Adolph and Geslena Meyer to Charles O.
Holmberg. lot on N line of Jersey street. 120 W
from Noe, W 20 by N 114; $10.
Charles and Margaret M. Westwood to same,
same; $10.
Edgar D. and Annie T. Watson to Andrew J.
Reid, lot on E line of Sherman (or Calling-wood)
street, 162:6 S from Nineteenth, S 27:6 by E 105;
Lydla E. Jewell (widow) to Alice G. and Mat
tie E. F. Jewell, lot on NE corner of Capp and
Twenty-first streets, E 75 by N 94:10; gift.
Sarah S. Simpson (single) to Sarah Simpson
(widow), lot on E line at Mission street. 359 S
trom Twenty-first, E 122:6 by S 30; $10.
Joseph Bluxome to James H. Swift, lot on E
line of Church street, 260 S from Twenty-third,
E 75 by N 23; |10.
Joseph C. Mowry (as trustee under 1833 D. 8S)
and Abbie A. Gray bill to Gottfried Petterson
and Sven Persson. lot on NE corner of Castro
and Fifteenth streets. E 48 by N 115; $2925.* -
Lucretia A. Cook (by John A.' Grennan as
eliscr In place of B. P. Oliver, commissioner) to
Hibernia Savings and Loan Society, lot on E
line of Castro street, 50 N from, Henry. N 28
by E 100; $2923.
Moses and Martha A. Ellis to Daniel Meyer,
lot on N line of Union street, 101:OT» W from
Polk, thence 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Sophia and S. J. Frledlander to Bollna X>. Ja
cobs (wife of W. A.) and Gusste B. Jacobs
(wife of Fred A.), lot on S line of Pacific ave
nue,'138 W from Van Ness, W 37:6 by 3 122:6;
$10. .
Spencer C. and Emma D. Buckbee to Dwight
Edwards, lot on S line or Clay street. 175 W
from Spruce. W 25 by S 127:8%,; $10.
BEAIi ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Plglron warrants, $9 50@10 B0; No. 1 Northern,
$15@16; No. -2 Southern foundry. $14@15; No.- 1
Southern foundry, $14 5O@15 50; No.» 1 Southern
foundry, ! soft. $14 50@16. Glasgow Iron war
rants closed at 54s 9d and at Mlddlesboro closed
at 44s 9d.
Spelter waa firmly, held at New : York at
$4 37V4, while London was unchanged at £16
17s»6d. ---\u25a0 --\u25a0\u25a0 -Sits -•
Domestic Iron markets ruled featureless, but
steady. •.-,-••-.-•• / • •
Copper advanced 7s 6d at London to £65 for
spot and £63 IBs for futures, while the local
market 'for that metal was quiet on -the basis
of $16 85@17. for lake and 16%@16%c for casting.
Lead ; was dull and . unchanged at ' home - and'
abroad,- closing at $4 37% and £11 10s respec
tively. •\u25a0*\u25a0•... Y . _v
\u25a0 NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— Tin In the .local (mar
ket for metals' was a shade lower to-day on ao
countof a 'lack of buying, and the • market
closed easy in tone at $24 70@24 SS. < London
prices were unchanged at £114 .5s for spot and
£106 15s for futures.
New -York Metal Market.
London Market.
NEW YORK, Oct. 28.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
The stock market was heavy to-day on fears
about the money situation and stagnant 5 on
the . weakness of consols, which \u25a0 touched - 92.
Paris is selling stocks apparently . In antici
pation of a new French loan of 270,000,000
francs, which, it is expected, will be Issued
on November l.\ American stocks were be
calmed, dropping finally on small New York
sales. Rio Tintos jumped to 47H on American
orders executed under cover of the drop in
Amalgamated Copper and relapsed to 46%, or
12 down for the -day on French sales. Con
tangos are stiff. V-.,'
Money on call opened at 2%. as the Bank
of England renewed a loan of £750,000. /
The : price of gold has recovered to 77s ll%d,
on the scarcity of supplies. . - . .
CLOSING.
LONDON. Oct. 28.— Anaconda, 7>4; Atchlson,
80VA; do preferred, 99V4: Canadian Pacific. ,113%;
Denver and Rio Grande,' 4554 ;tio preferred, 94*4:
Northern Pacific preferred, lOo 1^; Southern Pa
cific, 61% ; Union Pacific. 104%; do preferred,
91%. Bar silver, steady, 26%d. Money,. 2@2%
per cent
The Stock Exchange will close on Friday,
November 1," and Saturday, November 9.
"WASHINGTON. Oct. 28.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury shows: Available cash bal
ance, J171.626.424; gold. $105,617,464.
Condition of the -Treasury.
"Xuts are In quite active demand, both spot
and new goods to arrive. New Tarragona al
monds, now due. offer at ll%c. Supplies of fil
berts are larger. 758 bags having been, received
per Sicilia. but price Is unchanged at 8%c spot.
JCew crop, now due per Oleta, are offered at
654c. Chile walnuts are %o lower at 8%c"
Mill advice* from New York Wi 'Trade
)n the spot Is moderately active, but conditions
. Vi the local market are about the same. Cur
taats are going out fairly well and the mar
ket Is easy. Most holders continue to quote
E%e for AJnallas, but there would probably be
little difficulty Is buying from %@%o less. Sales
ere reported from S%@5%c, and it Is understood
a. Philadelphia dealer, who received several
hundred barrels, per the James Turpie, Is of
fering at the lower figure. Cleaned currants
ere in rood demand, balk selling at 6%o and
cartons from 7£7&c,
"New S-crown loose Muscatels are coming
to hand nape freely, but a large portion of
I the recelnt? are going to seeders for their
regular trade. Loose J-crotrn are offering In
a Jobbing way from 6%©6%c. and meeting with
a little sale. The raisin market on the coast
la flrmw and It la harder to set orders for
new seeded oonflxxned. A number of orders
for carlots were reported either turned down
or not beard from. New Valencia layers are
lower on spot at 6%c New prunes are easier.
Banta Claras being offered freely on a 3c basis,
•with .rumors that roods are available at less
money. Trade in prunes on the spot Is quiet.
The situation on new crop Persfan dates, due
. very shortly, Is very unsettled, owing to con
lUcting ctatements by rival Importers as to
r-»the probable date of arrival of their respective
cargoes. The Tabaristan Is announced as due
to-day with nearly 100,000 boxes, goods offer
ing from her at 3%c for Hallofrl, S%c for Kha
drawi and 8%c for Salr. New Fard dates are
expected on Friday of this week and are hav
ing some sale at 4%©4%c per pound, in cases,
layer figs are going out more freely and prices
are held firm. Cables report a higher market
In Snyrna.
Dried Fruit in New York.
Afternoon 'Session.
300 Best & Belcher 15| 500 Ophlr .." —•• «*
200 Chollar 10 100 Union Con 1*
200 Mexican 19| v •
The foUowlng were the- sales In the Pacific
Stock Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.'
300 Belcher 09 200 Ophlr ; • 86
250 Best & Belcher 16 500 Savage .\u2666 u
200 Chollar 10 800 Sierra Nevada. 17
600 Con Cal & Va..l 80 950 Union Con » 1«
500 Crown Point... 07 50 Union Con J*
1100 Mexican _ 20
Afternoon Session.
300 Best & Belcher 15 300 Mexican »
100 Chollar 10 200 Ophir «•
100 Chollar 09 800 Savage 10
100 Con Cal & V.I 77% 200 Union Con ..... 1*
200 Mexican 13 200 Yellow. Jacket.. 17
. f CLOSING QUOTATION'S.
MONDAY. OcU 2S— I p. m.
, Bid.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 01 02 Justice 01 03
Alta 01 03 Kentuck — «2
Andes .*... M G6| Lady Wash .2.. 01 —
Belcher 08 03 Mexican 1» 20
Best & Belcher 15 IB Occidental £7 OS
Bullion C3 04 Ophir 85 8tf
Caledonia ...... 29 30! Overman ....... 04 66
Challenge Con. IS' 20 Potosl 09 10
Chollar 09 10 Savage 10 11
Confidence 75 80 Scorpion — 04.
Con Cal & Va..l 75 1 80lSeg- Belcher 03 03
Con Imperial... — Oil Sierra Nevada. 16 IS
Con New York,. 01 — : Sliver Hill 31 U
Crown Point... 06 C7;St Louis ". 03 —
Eureka Con.... 14 —[Standard J 30 3 *>
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate — v*
Gould & Curry 13 14 Union Con 15 M
Hale & Norc 18 20 Utah 03 Co
Julia — 01 Yellow Jacket.. 16 IS
Total sales ..642,100
' ; CLOSING BONDS.
U S ref ?s reg 108% |L & N unl4s.....l01%
• Do 2s coup ....... 108% Mexican C 4s 83%
Do 3s reg .". 107% Do 1st inc ....... 30
Do 3s coup 108% Minn & S L 4s 103
Do new 4e reg ..13S M. K & Tex 4s... 99%
Do new 4s coup. 139 \u25a0 Do 2ds 79«.g
Do old. 4s reg.. ..111% N Y Central lstB..105%
Do old 43 coup. .111% Do gen 3%s......lO8%
Do 5s reg.. 106% N J C gen 5s 130%
Do 08 coup....... 107% Northern . Pa 4s.. 104 1 -.
Atchlson gen 4s.. .103% Do 3s \u25a0 .; 73
Do adj -4s..:..:.. 97 Nor. & W con 4s. .102%
Bait & Ohio 4s. ...102% .Reading gen 4s.. 97
B &-O-3V&8.. 96% S L &I M con 5s.ll5%
Do- conv. 4s.. ....107 • S L& S F 4b...,c. 97 \u25a0
Canada: South. 2ds. 108% S L .S'west lstpA. 98%
Central of Ga 5s.. 107% ''Do 2ds ..' 79%
Do 1st inc 71 S A & A Pass 4s... 87%
C & Ohio 4%s.....lflf<i4i Southern Pa.- 4s... 9$..
Chi &A 3%s....:. 83% Southern Ry ,5s... 119%
C, B & Q-new 4s.. 98- Tex & -Pa.lsts....ll9
CM & S P ge.n 4s.llO% T.-St.L & W.4s... SI •
Chi & N con 7s.. .139 • Union Pacific 4s.: 103%
C, R I & Pa 4s. .106% Do conv. 4s.. .....107%
CC.C&SL gen 4s.l04 Wabash lsts ....;. 120*,
Chicago Term 4s.. 93',i Do 2ds .."... 110U
Colo & South 4s... 8S% " Do deb"B". 57154
Denver & R G 4^102% West Shore 4s.../!ll2%
Erie prior lien 4sK 98% W.fe L ake E 4s; 9Wi
\u25a0 w lJ5 4? I i i A~A ; ;-\- 87 # wl »cons»n Cent 4s. -.88%
Fort W & D C lstlO7% Con Tob- 4s........ 63%
. Hocking. Va 4%s... 107 ...... 00^
\u25a0/..-._ . MINING * STOCKS. '
Adams Con .T..... 20, Little Chief !...'.".'.'"• 12
Alice ..•....". -40JOntarIo 10 60
Breece '.' 1 Ofr Ophir ."". - -.. sn
Brunswick Con....' 07 Phoenix ..... . .*06
Comstock. Tunnel.. - 06 Potosl .. "*"""* oa
Con Cal.& Va.... 1 70 Savage .'...".' ;: 0?
Deadwood Terra.. 65 Sierra Nevada *" 14
Horn Silver ..'....190 Small Hopes ..... 40
Iron Silver .: 60 Standard- ...v... s ss
Leadville Con ...: 05 ' .,.".•
Sales. High. Low. Close.
>Atchlson 13,900 78% 77% 77%
Atchison prefd 100 97 97 96%
Baltimore & Ohio 4,600 106% 104 104
Baltimore & Ohio prefd. 200 94 94 94
Canadian Pacific 300 110 109% 109%
Canada Southern 82
Chesapeake & Ohio 2.500 45% 44% 44%
Chicago & Alton 400 36% 35% - 35%
Chicago & Alton prefd.. 100 77 77, 77
Chi. Ind & Louis 1.700 41% 41 40
Chi, Ind & L prefd 71%
Chi & G W 6,500 SS^s 24 24%
C & G W A prefd. 200 S9% 88% 88
C & G W B prefd 700 60 49 48%
Chi & KW 600 207^4 206 205
Chi. R I & P 500 143% 143 142%
Chi Term & Trans 400 20% 20% 20
Chi Term & T prefd... 600 37% 36% > 36%
C C C & St Louis 2,200 98% 96% } 96%
Colorado Southern....... -. 800 13% 13% 13%
Colo So 1st prefd..- 63%
Colo So 2d prefd 200.. 24% 24 23%
Delaware & Hudson.... 200 171% 167 168
Delaware, L & W 500 235 233 231
Denver & Rio Grande... 400 44% 44 43%
Denver & R G prefd 300 92 91% v 90%
Erie 25,600 41% 40% 40%
Erie 1st prefd 1,300 69% 69 69
Erie 2d prefd .*. 55
Great Northern pjrefd L000 193 192% 192
Hocking Valley ' 1,300 56% 54?4 64%
Hocking Valley prefd... 200 76% 76 75%
Illinois Central 1,500 147 146 146
Iowa Central 100 41 - . 41 40%
Iowa Central prefd 200 77% 77% 77
Lake Erie & Western 65
Lake Erie & West pretd , 125
Louisville & Nashville.. 4.300 108% 102% 102%.
Manhattan L 9 800 121 119% 120V4
Metropolitan" St Ry 4,600 156% 155 155%
Mexican Central 1,700 22% 22 22
Mexican National 300 13%'. 13V4 13%
Minneapolis & St Louis L500 110 108% 109
Missouri Pacific 41,400 98% 95% 96
M. K & T 200 26 25% 25%
M K-&.T prefd 400 50% 49% 49
New Jersey Central 800 167 166% 1C6
New York Central 6,100 158*4 156% 156%
Norfolk & Western.' 4,100 56% 55% 65%
Norfolk & West prefd ss
Northern Pacific prefd.. 1,500 102 100>4 100Vi
Ontario & Western '3,500 34% 33% 83%
Pennsylvania 14,700 147% 145% 145%
Reading 14,400 \u25a0' 42% 4V 41%
Reading 1st prefd 3.100 77% 76% 76%
Reading 2nd prefd 9,600 54 52% 52%
SLf SF 500.41% 40* 40%
S L. & S F 1st prefd 100 77% 77% 76%
S L & S F 2d prefd ..„ "-* 66%
St Louis Southwestern.. 100 26% 26% 26%
St Louis 6W prefd 1,800 67 56 65%
¥t SS? pVeVd:::::::::::: 10 !: 300 in * 16n4 $ %
Southern Pacific 26.300 60% 58%' 58%
Southern Railway ..31%
Southern Raifway prefd 1.100 87% 86% \u25a0 86%
Texas & Pacific 1,200 39% 3S% 38%
Toledo, St Louis & West 7? 20%
Toledo, St L &. W prefd. 200 35 35*' 34
IJnlon Pacific 72,800 102 99% 99%
Lnion Pacific pfd /2.200 89% 88% 88%
w . ab ,ash V 500 20 19% 19%
abash pfd f. \u25a0 1.200 36% 35% 35%
Wheeling & Lake Erie.. 100 17% 17% 17%
Wheel & L E 2d pfd .... . * Hit
Wisconsin Central 1,800 20% 20 2o(l
Wisconsin Central pfd.. 200 41 40% 40U
Express companies-
Adams ,', .... _ -# jgg
American '"\u25a0' ioq
United States •-*- 90
Wells-Fargo "'* 160
Miscellaneous —
Amalgamated Copper.;. 9,100 S6% 83% 83%
Am Car & Foundry 700 25% 25 25
Am Car & Foundry pfd. 200 80 80 79%
Am Linseed Oil ' jg
Am Linseed Oil pfd 100 47% 47% 47
Am Smelt & Refin .. 500 " 43 42% 43H
Am SmelJ, & Refin pfd.. 200 96% 96% 95%
Anaconda Mining Co.... 1,900 3o?4 34% 34%
Brooklyn Rapid Transit 8,800 62% 60% 60%
Colorado Fuel & Iron... 400 94 92 91%
Consolidated Gas ' 800 "215% 214 214
Continental Tobacco pfd 1,100 115 115 11414
General Electric 200 256 255 254%
Glucose Sugar 200 43 39% 39%
Hocking Coal 400 15 14% 14
International Paper 800 20% 1914 1914
International Paper pfd. • 200 75% ' 75% 751?
International Power .... 200 89% 89% 89%
Laclede Gas ;. .... . 301/
National Biscuit * " 411!
National Lead 500 19 19 igii
National Salt . 34
National Salt pfd 100 65% 65% 64
Ncrth American 100 95 95 .85'
Pacific Coast 200 60 * 60 60
Pacific Mail 800 44% 43% 43
People's Gas ."..36,800 105% 103% 103%
Pressed Steel Car -300 40% .40% 40%
Pressed Steel Car pfd... 500 82 81% 81
Pullman Palace Car .... 200 219 219 219
Republic Steel 200 15' 15 \w.
Republic Steel pfd 600 66% 66 66%
Sugar 21,400 119% 117%. m%
Tennessee Coal & Iron.. 2.500 60% 58% 59%
Union Bag & Paper Co . .... ;.., 141',*
Union Ba» & P Co pfd. . .... ..;., 70
United States Leather.. 1,200 12% 11% 11%'
United States Leath pfd L600 81 SO 79%
United States Rubber.. 200 15 15 15
United States Rub pfd. '.- .• ... 49
United 'States Steel .... 60,700, 42% 41 41%
United States Steel pfd. 21,500 81% 90% 90%
Western Union 800 91% 91% ai%
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
day, but no gold was engaged for export to
Germany by to-morrow's steamers. In fact,
the discount rate at Berlin eased off a fraction
to-day and sterling exchange hardened, indi
cating a relaxation of th'e pressure at ' that
point There was no rally, however, In sterling
exchange at Paris and it is generally expected
that gold will go from New York to that point
on Thursday in considerable volume. . Call
money stiffened Bharply In London and open
market discount rates rose above the bank
rate, indicating an early advance by the bank.
In the domestic money market renewed activ
ity of money at Western points was reported
and New York Exohange at Chicago dropped
back -to 25c discount, while shipments to New
Orleans from here continue. The optimists
urge that any considerable advance in money
rates here would divert funds to thia center.
But the analogy of the fall of 1898 and the evi
dent break of the Boer war is fresh In mind
when the call loan rate on the Stock Exchange
advanced to 186 per cent without / preventing
the current export movement of "gold. The
dally surplus of the Government revenue is also
rapidly augmenting in the latter part of the
month, making an additional drain on the
money market.
The railroad bond market - was influenced
somewhat by the weakness In stocks, . but
changes were not Important Total sales $2,100.
000. United States bonds were all* unchanged
on the last call.'
ci i *£ TABLES— Green Peas. 103c ror Garden:
c^r e Beans .^l@2c; Limas, 1%@2%C;- Cabbage,
bO@7oc per ctl ;- Tomatoes, from Alameda. 20®
2oc ; Dried Peppers, 10@12%c ; Green - Okra." 25®
40c per box; Carrots, 25@35c per sack; Cucum
bC H S ' iSS? 0 ?', pl ? kl e s . 2 %@3c per lb for small
and 1®1%c for. large; Garlic, > l%@2V4c; Green
Peppers, 40@60c per box for Chile and 40@60c
for Bell; Eggr Plant, 40@50c per -box; Green
?PXb - r S m Be rkeley, none in; Summer Squash,
65@7oc; Marrowfat Squash, $6@8 per ton; Hub
bard Squash, $20. , >
Potatoes are showing more firmness, and Riv
ers are quoted a little higher. The other de
scriptions remain about as before. Onions are
also firm under.light supplies. Receipts of. Po
tatoes were, heavy, being 11,491 sacks, includ
ing 731 from Oreson. . . = . \u25a0 .
Tomatoes continued to arrive soft and leak
ing. Beans were somewhat firmer.
£?5n e £ ars of Merced Sweets came in.
POTATOES— 55@85c in sacks :for. Burbanks
from the river; Salinas .Bui-banks. ,?1«1 3u:
'?«« g °o Burbank «. $l@110; River Keds. »1 50®
1 60; Sweets,. 35@40c for Rivers and 76<y)85c for
Metced.' , \u25a0 . . \u25a0\u25a0 ; : . . , :
,«NIONS— $1 20@l 40 per ctl;' Pickle Onions, 60
@7oc per ctL ' - /
Potatoes^ Onions and Vegetables.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13%c; Pearl Oil. In cases, 20c; Astral, 20c; Star
20c; Extra Star. 24c; Elaine, 25c; Eocene 22c •
deodorized stove Gasoline. In. bulk, 16c* in
cases, 21%c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c; in cases,
2QVjc; SG-degrse Gasoline, in bulk. 20c; In cases,
26%c.
TURPENTINE— 58%c per gallon in cases and
62c in drums and iron barrels.
" BUGAR- The , Western Sucrar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-Ib bags:
Cubes, Crushed and Fine Crushed, 4.90c; Pow
dered, 4.75c: Candy Granulated, 4.75c; Dry
Granulated. 4.65c: Confectioners' A, 4.65c; Fruit
Granulated. 4.65c: Beet Granulated UOO-lb bag*
only), 4.45c; Magnolia A. 4.25c; Extra C. 4.15c;
Golden C,- <.05c; D, 3.95c; barrels, 10c more;
half-barrels, 25c more; boxes, 60c more; 50-lb
bags, 10c more. No orders taken for less than
76 barrels or -its equivalent.- Dominos.- half
barrels. 5.15c: boxes. 5.40c per lb. No orders
for Granulated will be taken that consist of
more ttan 50 per cent of Beet Sugar.
OILS— California Castor Oil. In cases. No. 1.
70c; pure.. $120; Unseed Oil. in barrels, boiled;
74c; raw, 72c; cases, 5c more; Lucol, 64c for
boiled and 62c for raw In barrels; Lard Oil.
extra winter strained, barrels, 85c; cases, 90c*
China Nut, 55@72c per gallon.; pure Neatsfoot
in barrels, 70c;, cases. 75c; Sperm, pure. 65c-
Whale Oil, natural white. 40@45c per gallon:
Fish Oil, barrels, 37%c; cases, 42%cr Cocoanut
Oil, barrels, 63%c for. Ceylon and 58%o f«u Aus
tralian. : , • • • \u25a0••.-, • \u25a0 )
GRAIN BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, 7c; local
make, %c less than Calcuttas; Wool Bags, 32
@35c; Fleece Twine, 7%@8c; Fruit Bags, 5%«
6%c for cotton and 7@7'/4c for Jute.
COAI^-Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington, ?9; Seattle. $7; Bryant, $6 50; Coos
Ba>, 15 50; Wallsend, $9; Co-operative Wallsend,
19; Cumberland, $12 50 in bulk and $13 75 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite, Egg, $15; Can
nel, $U per ton; Coke. $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, $8 45
per 2000 lbs and $8 50 per ton. according to
brand.
General Merchandise.
NEW TORK, Oct. 28.— Money on pall, steady,
3%@5 per cent; last loan, 8% per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, 3%@5 per cent.. Sterling ex
change, firm, with actual business In bankers'
bills at $4 86% for demand and $4 8S%@4 83% for
sixty days. Posted rates. $4 84%@4 85 and
$4 86%.' Commercial bills, S4 84@4 84%. Bar sil
ver. oVAc Mexican dollars, 54%c, Govern
ment bcr.ds, steady; State bonds, inactive; rail
road bonds, easier. : - '
New York Money Market.
I The f rains have .. unsettled • the : market, and
dealers were not Inclined' to name quotations
yesterday, preferring to wait until the amount
of the damage could be ascertained. It is the
opinion that Large Whites, Limas and Pinks
have been considerably damaged, and the feel
ing-in the two former descriptions Is firmer,
wlUrreported sales of Large Whites at $2 50 r
\u25a0an advance. Receipts were 7912 sacks.
- S- K -*i> s — B ayo». u 104t2 3U; amali White. $3®
if L \u25a0^? r c?5-o Whlte - * 2 2S @ 2 5 °: Pea ' * 2 50@4;
Pink,-$1 8o@2 2o; Red, $3; Blackeye, S3 25<g;3 40;
Limas, $4 65@4 85; Red Kidneys, $3@3 75 per ctl.
bl^hDiif- Brown Mustaid, $3@3 15;. Yellow
M^ t «J dl # 13 S® ? 40: Flax > * 2 65 ® 3 25 : Canary.
3%®3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, from Utah 8%c:
RfPe. 1%@1%c; Hemp, 3%c per lb. • . - ;
_pRIEI> PEAS— Nlles. $1 9J@2; Green, $1 75
@2 25 per ctl. . .
Beans and Seeds.
. LAMB— 7@Sc per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs. 230 lbs and under. 6c; over
230 lbs, 5%@5%c; feeders. ; • sows. 20 per
cent, off; boars. 30 per cent off, and stags. 4J
per cent off 'from the above quotations; dressed
Hcgs. 7%#9c. •./
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:. : •
BEEF— 6@6%c for Steers and.5@5%c per ft
for Cows.' . -\u2666,\u25a0.
VEAL— Large, 7%®8%c: small. " 8@9c per lb.
' MUTTON— W^ethers, 6%@7c; Ewes. _6@6%o per
pound. • • \u25a0'
There Is no change whatever to report In this
market. •
San : Francisco Meat Market.
NEW YORK. Oct. 28.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California "fruit to-day: Tokays, $1 05®
2 2*r average $1 70; double crates $2 95@3 95. av
erage $3 76; Cornichons, $1 90; ., double crates
$3 13. Eight cars sold to-day; weather fine. *
• NEW YORK. Oct. 28.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold' California. fruit to-day: Grapes — Em
perors, \u25a0 single crates $1 55@1 80, average $169;
Imperial Tokays, single crates," average $1 60;
Emperors, clusters, single crates $3 10@3 15, av
erage $3 11; Tokay?, single crates 85c@$l 60, av
erage . $1 21 ; double crates . $2 30@2 70, • average
$2 60. Prunes— Italians. -single crates SI 15@1 25,
average $1 16; slivers, single crates $1 05@l 40,
average $1 10. Seven cars sold to-day; weather
dry and cool; - ...\u25a0•.-'--•. ..•-.<',
CHICAGO,- Oct. 28.— The Earl, Fruit Company
sold California fruit to-day: Grapes— Assorted;
single. crates $l-80@l fco,- average $182; Corni
chons, . single crates $1 50@l 55, average $1 54;
double crates. $2 90® 2 95, average {2 92; Tokays,
single crates $1 1O@1 95, average $1 56; S double
crates $3 15@4, average $3 76; Emperors, single
crates $1 10 - average; -Red \u25a0 Emperbrs. single
crates 90c@$l 55, average * $1 31. Prunes—Ital
ians single crates 80@S5c/.average 84c; Silvers;
single crates, • average 75c. I Pears-^Nellis, boxes
$1 40@l 50,- average $1 41.- Eight cars sold to
day; weather cool' and dry. i ' \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0"' \u25a0' -
PHILADELPHIA,. Oct. 28.— The EarJ Fruit
Company's prices at auction to-day here on
California fruit-were as follows: . i •\u25a0•- . f.
Grapes-rCornlchon, single crates.. $l'45@l 60,
average $1 52; Emperors, -* single crates,' $1 10®
130, average $120; Tokays single crates. 70c
@$1 SO,, average $1 23; double crates, $1 60@2 10,
average $172.; Three cars sold to-day; here;
pleasant »veather. . ' \u25a0 \u25a0 '"
CHICAGO, 28.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit to-day : Verdels, 85c@$l 35,
average 92c ; Tokays, 85c@$2 15, agerage $1 44,
double crates $2.70.; Cornichons, $1 35@1 60, av
erage $1 43; ,Ferrera,- $1 20@l 35, average $1 26."
Eight cars sold to-day; weather pleasant. -
Silver a fraction firmer. Exchange about the same. -, -.
Wheat quieter and easier. Barley steady, but dull>
Oats inactive but firstly held. Corn still declining.
Hay steady, thou-gh receipts are heavier. Feedstuff s unchanged.
Bean market unsettled by the rains. / • __
Potatoes doing somewhat better. Onions firm.
Eggs and Cheese unchanged. Butter weaker.
Provisions open the week with a general decline.
Meat market as previously quoted. i
Two cars of Eastern Poultry at hand. \u25a0 \u25a0' \ <
Game still arriving sour and tainted. ,
Good shipping demand for Grapes. Melons neglected. . ,
Mexican Limes lower under fresh arrivals. <
Cranberries to arrive advance $ per barrel.
Light trading on the local stock exchanges. \u25a0
Money— lUnion Land 2%
Call loans .......... 3@4 West End ..;.;..;. 93%
Time loans 3%@4 Westing Elec 72
Stocks— Bonds—
A T & S F.... 77 N E Gas & C 6s... 61#
Do prefd 95% Mining Shares-
American Sugar... 117*4 Adventure 21V4
American Tel 158- Blng Min Co.. 29
Boston & Albany.256% Amal Copper ..... 83%
Boston Elevated... 167 Atlantic" 35
Boston & Maine... 193 Calumet & Hecla.665
Dominion Coal..... 45% Centennial 15^4
Do prefd 117% Franklin 16V4
U SSteel. 41 Humboldt 50
Do prefd 90% Osceola 96
Fltchburg prefd... 144 : Parrot 36
General Elec 254& Quincy .,..155
Mexican' Central... 21% Santa Fe Copper.. 4
N E Gas & Coke.. 5 Tamarack .........287
Old Colony .......206% Utah Mining ...... 21%
Old Dominion 25Vi Wlnona 2V4
Rubber ............. 14V4 Wolverines ........ 57%
Union Pacific 99% • ...
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Receipts of . Hay were large, being 1402 tons,
including 106 cars on the tracks. The market
stood up very well under this influx, however,
and prices showed no decline. There'was noth
ing new in Feedstuff's: -
BRAN— J19&2O- per ton.
AliDULlisuc)— tM 50@21 50 per ton ' * '
Barley. S16@17 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the_mlll, $27@2S; jobbing $2S 50
©29; Cocoanut Cake, $20@21; Corn Meal $33©
34; Cracked Corn. $33 50@a4'50; Mixed Feed %U
,@19. • -\u25a0" ' - \u25a0 .
? HAT— Wheat, ' $9@12; fancy. $18,50; Wheat
and .Oat, $8 50@U50; Oat. $s@10; Barley and
Oat, $/&9; Alfalfa, $8@10 50; Clover, fa 504*7;
Volunteei. $5@8;i Stock, $5@7 per ton. •
STRAW— 30@45c per bale i
Hay. and Feedstuff s.
Meal, f 2 60; , Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal $3 25
extra cream do, $4; Oat Groats, {5; Hominy u
@4 25; BuckwheaV . Flour. "\u25a0'\u25a0 $4@4 25; " Cracked
Wheat, $3 60; Farina. $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour
{3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $0.85@8 35; in. sacks'
$6 60@8: Pearl Barley. So; Split Peas. $5; Green
Peas. $8 60 per. 100 lbs. . '\u25a0'
about lHo under quotations. Heavy salted
Steers, lie; medium, 10c; light, 9c; Cow Hides,
9%c for heavy and 9c for light; Stags. 7c; Salted
Kip, 9%c: Salted Veal, 10c; Salted > Calf. 10«#
10%c:.Dry Hides. -16@16Hc; Culls, 14@15c; Dry
Kip. 16c; Dry Calf. 18@19c; Culls and Brands,
16® 17c; • Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@30e , ] each;
short "Wool. 40@60c each; medium, 50@75c: long
Wool. 80c@$l 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50
©2 15 for i large' and $2@3 25 for. medium. $175
for small and 60c for Colts; Horse .Hides, dry.
Si 75 for large, $1 25"@i 50 for medium, $1 25 for
small and 50c for Colts. Deerskins— Summer or
red skins, 35c; fall or medium skins, 30c; win
ter, or thin skins." 20c. .'Goatskins— Prime An
goras, 75c; large, and smooth; 50c; medium. 35c.
TALLOW— Refined. 6%c; No. 1 . rendered, b'a
5%c per lb; No. 2. 4@4%c: grease. 3c. >- i -"
- WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Southern. /lefect-
Ive, 7 months. 7@8c; Oregon Valley fine, 146
15c;: do, medium and coarse. ll@13c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice. ll@13o; do, fair to good, 9©
lie; Nevada. 10@12c. .-.
Fall — San* Joaqulu, 6%08}4c; San Joaquln
Iambs'. 7tf@9c; Middle County. 8@10c: North
ern Mountain, free, 9@llc; do. defective, 8@9c;
Humboldt and Mendocino, ll@12c per lb. > f
HOPS— 9@10c for fair and ll®13c per lb for
good to choice.. -..-_:.- - \- "•
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1901;
dairies. 13@19cj cheese, steady. 9%©10*o; egi
firm; fresh, 19c.V . .
Fdreign Futures*
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
10
AUCTION SALES
W. P'. BEAUCHAMP, Auctioneer,
Office and salesroom. 928-930 Howard •treet.
Tel. Jessie 1122. \u25a0 Will sell THIS DAT »t sales-
room. Administrator's . Sale of $4000 stock of
vtt^ r ;, g^.l e B V EluCHi rt M P P?^c^e^
SALE.^51
At Arcade Horse Market, 327 Sixth
day. October 30. at 11 a. m.. I will sell 30 head
of young horse3 Just from the country.
JOHN J. DOYLE, Livestock AuctloneT. ,
fc* A CARLOAD CONSIGNMENT 5^
A carload consignment from THE WILMANS
CO., Newman, of * and 5 year old fillies ana
geldings sired by Reflector and Richards Elec-
tor, all broken, single and double. FRED H.
CHASE & CO.. 1732 Market" st.
fe30 Bead GENTLE BORSESfe
to be sacrificed to make room for our annual
, thoroughbred sales: horses now at yard. Occi-
dental Horse Exchange. 721 Howard st.\- BERLIN, 'O*ct... 28.— According ,sto - the
statistics of .thellnterhational! Society,*, the
sugar- production, j- of .i Europe f for ri901 is
estimated /at- 5,928,264 . tons, which - is an
increase of - 231,820- tons .upon last year's
output. . \u25a0 •; \ ..\u25a0\u25a0'. - \. - \u25a0
Increase in' European v Sugar. Output.
v WASHINGTON,^ Oct.f; 28.—The•;'Comp
troller, of the, ; Treasury., has! allowed \u25a0 the
claL»n ! of Lieutenant | Albert"; A'r Mori tz, U.
S. ; N?, for $2148 'oh : account s of loss of per
sonal property^.by ,the.;wreck. of the U.
S.\.S.\,Yosemiti5.Mn - the .typhoon on the
island of' Guam .in 1 . November,- 1900. This
decision V establishes a; precedent which
will control the:department-in the dispo
sition" of other, claims growing out "of the
wreck of the. Yosemite. -"i.-r ' #.
Government ; 'Allows, the 'Claim.
' SAN DIEGO," Oct. 28.-i-The i habeas cor
pus \u25a0 proceedings' instituted;-; by John J.
Bohn of Chicago against Katherine Ting
ley and Mrs. ' Grace G.* Bohn, "; his wife, In
which he seelcs , the custody o£ his two
littte boys, - Ralph and Donald • Bohn, ' who
are at the Point | Loma Theosophical set
tlement ' with, their mother, - came to an
abrupt termination this afternoon, the ap
plication" of, Bohn being 'dismissed on his
motion. Mrs." Bohn and ' the : children re
main, at 'the Point Loma Colony. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
Bohn '- Gives TJp-the;Fight.
Nothing flatters a fool so much as ask
ing his advice. " - •
Will Take Pictures,
, J. F. Byrne, representing the Edison
moving pictures, -is here from Chicago to
make arrangements for .taking pictures
of the Jeffrles-Ruhlin fight: .
JOHN SAVERY IN HOT . "WATER.— John
Savery. a sailor boarding-house keeper, waa
arrested yesterday by United S'ates Marsh 1
Shine on a charge of having collected a fee o*
$5 for shipping a sailor. Savery was re ased
on giving: a boncLin the sum of J250. . • "
"W. S. Devan.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. 28.— W. . S. Devan,
the capitalist, died to-day, in this city. •
SAN JOSE, Octi' 28.— The' work of swear
ing.a jury .to .try;Nolberto Coronado, who
is charged with having, oh 'August 2C way
laid and assassinated Frank Narona near
Almadeh, began- in Judge Lorigan's de- v
partment of. the.i Superior "Court- to-day."
The crime- was . : -a" brutal ; one..,: Narona'
had "borrowed a h&rse of'Coronado to
come to San Jose. to collect- some money
due-him.r Asthe^was returning home at
\u25a0night Coronado, it r is alleged; , shot him
from 'ambush. —A boy, -who- was accom
panying Narona- on. foot, was- the only
witness.' The; murderer. pursued this lad
for some distance. ,,:;,"..*...; -
On Trial for His Life.'
OAKLAND. Oct. 23.— Mary Campion. 50
years old, was found dead In bed at 267
Second street this morning. The Coroner
took charge of the case. —
Found Dead in Bed.
Columbia.
\u25a0 -, Stuart- Robson in "The Henrietta" is
still attracting large audiences at , the
Columbia. /Robson in' the part of Bertie
the Lamb still brings. to it the tender care
and splendid art that has made it what it
is and which is going. to make it in years
# to come one- of the great memories of the
mc-dern American stage. "The Henrietta"
wlll continue, throughout the week. On
Monday evening Mrs. Sarah Cowell Le
Moyne will make 'her: initial appearance
in this city in Charles Henry Meltzer's
new historical play, "The First Duchess
of Marlboroueh." : .
Grand Opera-House.
. "Walter : E. Perkins i< in the farcicalcom
edy. "My \u25a0'; Friend. From. India," kept a
large audience in. "convulsions, of laughter
last night at the Grand Opera-house. The
piece is one of the beat \u25a0ever written by
Du Souchet, replete as alibis with funny
situations and comical climaxes. .Perkins,
who is irresistible *in h,is humor,, was :in
every way equal to the exacting. part of
A.'- -Keen | Shaver, a supposed student - of
theosophy, and at no time was he guilty
of overacting. • Perkins "is : one of the few"
really funny comedians on the stagehand
, scored heavily \ in : the piece. Principal
among his support was Fred -J. , Butler,'
who, as Erastus Uhderholt, a retired pork
packer, ran a \u25a0 close second with Perkins
in the estimation of the audience.' Her
schel Mayall, Gilbert Gardner and William
i Bernard- .were also effective in their sev
eral parts." Laura Nelson Hall was sweet
and dainty : as Marion - Hayste and the
other - - feminine ". characters •= were ' \ well
played by Agnes Maynard. Mabel Gra
:ham, Caroline, Cooke and Alfa. Perry. As
a medium "to drive away. the. blues "My
Friend from Indians a success. ;; . \u25a0 ,\u25a0
Central.
" Annette: Marshall \. as Grace ; Harding/
the 'Judge's ; daughter, In ' "The .Great
Northwest,".; presented ;,: at Central
Theater last ; nl6ht;: did an acrobatic stunt
in 'the . third : act ithat would turn \u25a0. the hair
of an Olympic- Club v athlete -g_ray. Her
GEORGE DIXOH" IADSES
FIGHT WITH ATTELL
I Heferee Slier Gives the Decision to
| the Former, San Francisco
ST. LOUIS, Oct. 2S.— Abe Attell of. San
Francisco and Greorge Dixon of New York,
former feather-weight champion of the
world, fought fifteen rounds before a large
audience at the West EndiClub to-night,
Referee George Slier giving the decision
to the California boy. The milling was
tame throughout, the blows of both prin
cipals lacking steam. There was a great
deal of clinching, in every round. The de
cision was displeasing to the majority of
the spectators, who were of the. opinion
that Dixon was \u25a0 entitled to a draw at
least. The boys fought at 116 pounds. '
PAUL STEINDORFF. will swing a
new baton hereaftef 1 . It-Iwas. pre
sented to him last night by the
members "of the Italian Opera\
Company as a token of apprecia
tion of his painstaking efforts as a leader
and his gentlemanly treatment of all with
whom his profession brought him into
contact. For his testimonial the company,
offered a splendid bill 'and the. house .was
jammed to hear it. .It was such a house
as singers love— warm, generous/appre
ciative and enthusiastic— arid it was no
wonder that the slrigrers : did their, best,
inspired by the cordiality of the greeting
bestowed upon them.* Encores upon en
cores were there "ahSL- everybody . was
bravoed. The house was in touch with
the stage — united by, the mystic tie of the
brotherhood :of : song.\ Collam'arinl. ap
peared In two numbers, as Azucena in act
five of "Trovatore" and. as Delilah in the
duet scene from the second act of "Samr
son and Delilah." in the- latter of which
she exhibited her talents as a lyric ac
tress .to the delight of the audience. The
great Salassa- gave everybody a. pleasant
surprise when his name - appeared on the
bills for the popular* prologue from "I
Pagliacci," and -he ..sang. It '.as was ex
pected—with consummate, art; and deli
cacy of expression. •\u25a0- \u25a0' .\u25a0 : :\u25a0\u25a0•' .-
Dado's magnificent basso was heard In
the- Jordan" scene from "Nabucco,", and
he was ably supported" by the well
trained • chorus. Barbareschi as . Leonora
in "Trovatore" was never in better voice,
and Slgnorina L4a PoDettlnl sang="O Mio
Fernando," felicitously displaying' to ad
vantage her rich mellow 'tones. . Agostini,
ever popular, rendered "Splrito Gentile"
from "Favorita 1 , 1 in his best vein. Fer
rari a? the • Count --di -Luna \u25a0 and- Castel
lano as Manrico won many plaudits for
the spirit with.. which , they sang and
• The' orchestral selection's under Mr.
Steinddrff's leadership were 'the prelude
to act third, of "Lohengrin," \u25a0 and the
overture from "Tannhauser,"- with a full
orchestra, violins predominating. • These
selections . took the house by - storm, for
they appealed forcibly r tOjj the artistic
sense of every lover of, music. , The peo
ple stood up and cheered .again when
Barbareschi and Ferrari, walked upon the
stage and presented Mr. Steindorff with
an elegant . baton and a, piece of ; silver.
Then there were flowers. enough to nil an
express wagon. : •,'<\u25a0<\u25a0.-. \
The . closing number, was act-two of
"Lucia jdl .Lammermoor," In \ which Re
petto, Russo, Ferrari,' >- Cortesi,' Nicolini,
Napoleonl and Sannie.Kruger. appeared.
The 1 - popular sextet and chorus were re
peated in response to .a. wildly enthusias
tic demand. It was. a nightinot soon to be
forgotten by ; the . sons . and daughters : of
song." lu ' ' ; ..-*:..! l\tel I ' ./ '
Matty Matthews Defeats' Couhig.
BUFFALO, Oct. 28.-Matty Matthews
of Brooklyn got a decision over Tom
Couhig of Dunkirk to-night at the - In
ternational Athletic Club of; Fort Erie in
the fifth round of what was to have been
a twenty-round bout. Couhig was all but
out. .' •*. :••: it't''.; '
I ~ McGovern Challenges the World. "
. CHICAGO, Oct. 28.— Terry McGovern .
the featherweight- champion,- who -is In
' Chicago,, to-night: challenged any fighter
in the world to . meet him at 122 ' pounds
for a wager of $5000. Benny Yanger of
Chicago is named in particular.
Alcazar.
The revival of : '.'Tennessee's Pardner,"
with its quaint , humor vand - pathos, ' was
greeted by a crowded , house at, the A1-'
cazar Theater last "night. -There is some
thing so wholesome.*- in < ;tne a lesson •: it
teaches that:- it will « always be popular.
During some, of the scenes- women were
moved to tears and- a good many of the
sterner sex were visibly affected, particu*
larly when Caleb'Swan tells" Tennessee of
the death of; her father. :; At' other . times
the whole audience .was , convulsed with
laughter at the broad comedy of Gewlllik-
Benjamin B. Boyce.
SANTA ANA, Oct. 28.-Benjamin \u25a0 B.
Boyce died at his home near Anaheim
this morning.- He was 75 years of t age and
a native of Pennsylvania.. . v - -
VALLEJO, Oct. 28.— Alexander B. Ber
toscky died to-day after a" long illness
He was a native of Belgium, 70 years of
age.' He was' a member of the local Ma
sonic lodges and past master of Naval
Lodge. .'./•\u25a0 "\u25a0.--.\u25a0 ..
Alexander B. Bertoscky.
OAKLAND. Oct. 28.— W. F. Kelly, gen
eral manager of- the Oakland Transit
Company, has returned from a trip of_
two weeks in the East, where he at
tended the annual convention of s.treet"
railway officials in New York. He de
clines • to say anything about the plans
of the big corporation whose interests ho
manages. . T#' r*
General Manager Kelly Keturns.
' The sale of season pickets for the three
recitals to be given by Walter .Damrosch
at -the Califronia. Theater^ 'on November
5, 7, and 12 : began yesterday morning.
When the box r omce opened. the spacious
theater lobby ; was crowded with ticket
buyers, and -throughout -the day the sale
continued unusually brisk.. Thus fa.r It-is
much the best sale that has ever resulted
for 'a "Damrosch - : recital. . On -Thursday
morning, providing the supply • has not"
been exhausted - by • that -time,- tickets ' for
single- recitals Will- be placed on sale. The
recitals* will' be explanatory^ the new
Wagner operas to be produced here dur
ing \u25a0 the ? forthcoming grand . opera season.
Big Sale for Damrosch.
"Sporting Life," at the California, was
greeted with' a good house 'at its second
appearance last night. The melodrama Is
more"' than ordinarily realistic and
abounds in thrilling situations, including
a horse race and a prize fight. • Lillian
Thompson is easily the. best of the cast
ahd draws forth, much deserved applause.
Lorimer Johnstone, the hero, and John T.
Dwyer, the villain, are both well adapted
to their parts and add to the strength of
the performance. • Some of the climaxes
in the play seem a little .forced, but the
cast is a good one and the trifling detrac
tions, are readily forgotten in the rapidity
of the action and the abundance of re
deeming features. :.. - • \u25a0
California.
The new bill at the Chutes. is a draw
ing card. The Lenton trio , Belle Wil
liams, the' Martinez, Sid, Baxter, Swor
and Hathaway ', arid the- Lundgrens com
prise but a lew" of the attractions.
Chutes. "\
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— The new manage
ment'of the Macdonough Theater has
made a popular move by appointing Guy- 1
Smith treasurer for that pretty play
house. Mr. Smith was head usher of the
Macdonough . for a number of years and
is widely known among the play-goers of
Oakland and vicinity. Upon reopening on
Thursday night of this week the new
management will present "In Old Ken
tucky." • It will \u25a0 continue three nights. .
Guy Smith Macdonough Treasurer.
MANCHESTER, Oct 28.— The Guardian
prints a letter, dated August 15, written
by Steyn, ex-President of • the Orange
Free State, to .General Lord Kitchener,
commanding the British forces in South
Africa, discussing the military situation.
The letter] is too long to quote textually,'
but in It Steyn says In the Free State
"order and peace are' maintained by us,
and not by your Excellency. If your Ex
cellency will permit me, your Excellency's
jurisdiction extends only as far as your
Excellency's cannon can reach. If It .Is
a crime to- fight in . self-defense, and ' if
such crime must be punished, then I think
his Majesty's Government, ought to be
satisfied -with the destruction ot the coun
try, the chastisement of women and chil
dren, arid the general misery which has
been caused by this war." ...
Steyn deals with the misery of the con
centration camps. He states th@.t a great
majority of the fighting Boers are stllL
in arms, and gives it as his opinion it is
in Kitchener's power more, than that of
any other man to make an end" of the
war. He concludes- by declaring the Boers
ask for no magnanimity, but only demand
justice. .V- -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'.
PARIS, Oct. 28.'— Georges Berry will
shortly propose to the Chamber of Depu
ties a resolution declarlngV'the Chamber
calls upon the Government to consider in
concert with other, nations the adoption
of practical means to obtain from Great
Britain the removal -of women and chil
dren and old men from the concentration
camps in South Africa to salubrious, neu
tralized territories.". , -
Er-President *bf Orange Free State
Writes of the Situation in South
O'C . Africa.
STEYN" SAYS BOER WAR
IS A FIGHT FOR JUSTICE
Willis, the "tramp and soubrette," gave
an amusing act: Celia de Lacy proved a
pleasing balladist; Christian. - the "foot
cyclist," presented an improvement upon
roiler- skating, and Harry Cooper sang
several baritone solos accentably. Symo
and Syma, . juvenHe globe, balancers,
dancers and contortionists, gave a really
wonderful exhibition, which < was warmly
applauded by the large audience. Htn
richs' orchestra was up 1 to its usual ex
cellent standard.' ,: . . \u25a0 \u25a0' :> .\u25a0
er Hay, that magnificent liar, and hfs
wife. In the part of Tennessee Kent,
Agnes Ranken achieved an unqualified
success. She is a bright, clever girl and
was the life and soul of the piece. There
was nothing overdone in her. rendition of
the part, which was portrayed with,life
like fidelity and ingenuousness. M. L. Al
sop as Caleb Swan, the "legitimate and
high-toned card player,"' was admirable,
and Howard Scott was, as usual, excellent
as Asa Bice, the "pardner." Frank Bacon
was simply immense as Gewilliker Hay
and made a decided hit. He seems to revel
in the part. The other characters were
ably sustained by Miss Lillian Elliott, as
Nettie Bice;. Miss Marie Howe, as Mrs.
Hay; Paul Gerson, as Tom Romaine;
Barton Hill, as Spike, and Carlyle Moore,
as Amos Barlow. The piece is well staged.
OAKLAND, Oct. 28.— Licenses to marry
were issued to-day to Harry E. Hentzell,
22 years, and Olga W. SJerwer, 19 years,
both. of Oakland; James Smith, 25, and
May Bartlett, 26, both of Oakland; Owen
P. Mellen, 47, Akron, Ohio, and Hattie
Eagean, 45, Oakland ; Charles W. Mae
cuDOin, 35, Oakland,' and Emma T.
Schaana. 24. St. Louis; W. W. Stetson,
27, and Sophia T. Palmer. 25, both of Oak
land: John H. Lynch, over 21, New York,
and Lucy Moffltt. over IS. Oakland; W.H.
Kingston. 33, and Sarah Badway, 20, both
of San Francisco. \u25a0 . - .
Licensed to Marry.
SAX JOSE. Oct. 2S.— Several deeds were
placed an record here to-day for rights
of way In this county for v the double track
cf the Southern Pacific Company to San
Franclpco. With to-day's deeds almost
the entire right of way to San Francisco
County has been obtained. The work of
construction at this end is expected to
commence soon.
Rights of Way Procured.
The fight is announced "for the welter
weight championship of the Pacific Coast"
and is expected to draw a big crowd. Ex
tensive seating arrangements for the mill
have been made.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2S.-A1 Neill. the Call
fornian, and Mike Donavan, the 'Eastern
pugilist, are reported to be. in good condi
tion for their tight before the Acme Club
to-morrow night, and each la prepared to
go the limit of fifteen- rounds. Donovan
has been training in the Acme Club rooms
the past three days in company with the
colored fighter, Glbbs. Nelll has been do
ing his work at the Bay City Club In San
Francisco.
TWO MEMBERS OF THE ALCAZAR COMPANY, THE LEADING MAN OF
- THE "MAN FROM INDIA" COMPANY AT THE GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
AND ONE OF THE STARS AT THE ORPHEUM. '. .. x
Killed in a Nanaimo Mine.'
NANAIMO, B. C.. Oct. : 28.— William *J.
Bailey, fire boss- in, the Tunnel mine ex
tension, was instantly killed to- v day by a
fall cf reck while walking through the
mine. -Inspector Morgan escaped.by a few
moments, he having just passed along the
same road. * \u25a0 •' •
Threatens to Do Some Smashing.
BERLIN, Oct. 28.— The German press is
discussing in lively fashion the following
utterance attributed to Emperor .Wil
liam: "If no; commercial treaties are ne
gotiated I shall . smash everything to
pieces." \u25a0 \u25a0 . :
Federal Judge Is Dying. 1
HARRISONBURG, Va., -Oct. 2S.-The
death of John Paul, Federal' Judge of ; the
"Western District of Virginia, has been ex
pected hourly since Saturday, but' it Is
possible he may linger for a day or two.
Horse Thief Sentenced.
SANTA ROSA, Oct. 28.— Carroll Harper,
recently convicted of stealing a horse and
buggy from Charles Carty, the Petaluma
liveryman, was to-day sentenced to two
years in Folsom. ; •-- • .
* — — V.' I.'""..'" *
NEILL AND DONOVAN
READY FOR THE FRAY
LONDON, Oct. 29.-The Daily Chronicle
prints a long article _ by.-'Professqr. W.,S.
Scarborough appealing for- equality In 'the
eyes of the law' and a fair field in educa
tion and tHe. ways of . livelihood' for the
negro. In the. course. of, a sympathetic
editorial the-Daily Chronicle remarks that
Great Britain, if she had \u25a0 a- similar negro
population, would probably -act toward it
much as- the Americans do. - The paper
praises President Roosevelt's action re
garding Booker T. "Washington, however,
as intended to check the tendency, to look
upon the negro as below the level of citi
zenship and public rights. , - , ..
Praises Roosevelt's" Action.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2S.— Heart disease was
the cause of death, as ascertained by the
post-mortem examination in the case of
Fred Sugden, the aged Southern Pacific
collector, who \u25a0 dropped dead yesterday
near his home at 1037 Campbell street.
Coroner Mehrmann held an Inquest tills
afternoon at the residence.
The funeral will be held to-morrow af
ternoon at- 1:30 o'clock from the family
residence. The Odd Fellows will take
part in the exercises.
Demise Is Determined by the
Coioner.
Cause of f Aged Fred Sugden's Sudden
HEART DISEASE BRIJTGS .
OLI> MA1T TO DEATKL
LOS ANGELES, • Oct. 28.— A report -is
current -here to-night that B. Lantry
Sons of this city have. been awarded the
contract to fill China B^siirln San Fran
clsco for the Santa Fe. • Lantryi was in
consultation v with President Ripley at
Williams, Ariz., to-day and 'Chief Engi
neer Burns of the tompany, who .has tfie
bids of the seven bidding contractors in
his possession, is also with the party.
Henry Houser, local manager for the
Lantrys, said, he had not received defin
ite-information of the award- of the con
tract. -_ ... \u25a0 \ '.-; ' _ . ••, — \u25a0
Contract to Fill Cnina Basin.
The claim grows out of mining ventures
in which both men and other St. Louis
people are interested. Chartrand claims
that he "grub-staked" certain properties
which Shotwell has worked to the extent
of $22,00), and it is this amount, together
with the profits that he might have made,
that he seeks to recover. Shotwell is re
ported to be wealthy and is well-known
in mining circles both in Arizona and
Colorado.
ST. LOflS. Oct. 2S.— Suit was filed in
the Circuit Court to-day by Mark R.
Chartrar.d, a well known Insurance agent
cf this city, asainst A. J. Shotwell, a min
ing promoter from Tucson, Ariz., for
flltlLOuO.
LAW SUIT GROWS OUT
OF A MUTING VENTURE
St. Lcuis Insurance Agent Com
mences En Action Against an
Arizona Promoter. -
"WASHINGTON*. Oct. 28.— Secretary
Long 1 has announced the membership of
a court-martial to meet at the New York
navy yard on November 12 to try Colonel
Iftbert Lee Mcade, U. S. M. C, on
charges of intoxication -while on duty,
false testimony and violation of the naval
regulations In failing to respond to
charges preferred against him by Colonel
Denny and Lieutenant Colonel Launch
heimer of the Marine Corps. The court
will be composed of Rear Admiral Georgre
\u25a0\V. Sunner, president: Rear Admiral H.
C. Taylor, Colonel James Forney, U. S.
H. C; Captains Francis A. Cook, C. 11.
Chester. B. F. Lamberton, F. C. Chad
wick, "U'illiam F. Folger and George M.
Pigman, with Major Liincoln Karnacv,
U. S. M. C, as judge advocate.
Giving False Testimony and
Violating IJaval Regulations.
OOTJBT-MABTIAL READY
TO TRY COLONEL MEADE
Cfflcer Is Charged "With Intoxication,
RESULTS OF THE RACES .
ON THE EASTEBN TRACKS
Aqueduct Handicap of One Mile and
Seventy Yards Is Won by •
Potente. . ' \u25a0 •, ;
CHICAGO, Oct. 28.— Lakeside summary: —
First race, 6ix furlongs— Emma R won. Lady
Contrary, second, Henry of Kranstamar third.
Time. 1:11 3-5. .
Second race, five- furlonss— Xeljie "Waddell
won, Merriment second, Rag Tag third. Time,
-1:01 S-Sl- • \u25a0
Third race, five and a half furlongs— Bernle
Bunton won, Moneymuss second. Lou Woods
jtlitrd. Time, 1:06 2-5.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth — Om
durxnan won, Haviland second, Orontas third,
j Time. 1:46 3-5.
i Finn race, seven furlongs— Federal won, Tom
I Klngeley second, If You Dare third. Time.
! 1:2S 3-5.
i Sixth race. \u25a0 one mile and an eighth— Sarilla
! won, El Ghor second, Lindenella third. Time,
1:55.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 28.— Latonla summary:
First race, six furlongs, selling — Jim Nop
won, Jena, second. -SaMle J third. Time. 1:16%.
Second race, five turlongs— LeenaJ won, Lau
retta Burke second. Lulu Flight third. Time,
l:02U- - t
! Third race, one mile, sell inc— Adelante won,
G W "\V second. Dolly Wagner third. Time,
l:C I
Fourth race, one mile and an eighth, celling—
Woodtrice won, Governor Boyd second, Elsie
Bramble third. Time. 1:56.
Firth race, five and a half furlongs— Hermis
won. Inventor second, Harry New third. Time,
i I:0S.
j Sixth race, cix furlongs, selling— Lyor Bell
I won. Iola second, Erim third. Time, 1:15%.
j ST. LOUIS. Oct. 2S.— Fair Grounds summary:
j First race, five and a half furlongs, sellfng—
Prlma II woo,' Salinda second, Pomelta third.
Time. H^Si -i --r. -i - --•- -"--\u25a0 -- - ->-'
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Chanterelle
j won. Sting second. Trio third. Time, 1:15.
i Third race, one mile. . selling — Menace won.
Terra Incognita second, Loone third. Time,
1:41*1.
Fourth race, cix furlongs — A; D. Gibson woi»
Hilee second, Jake Weber third. Time, I:i3.
Fifth race, one mile and a sixteenth— Brulare
won. Lunar second. Felix Bard third. Time.
urns.
Sixth race, six furlongs — Tremar won. Miss
Mae Day second. Lasso third. Time, 1:13%.
NEW YORK. OcU 28.— Aqueduct summary:
First* race, seven furlongs, selling— Mercer
won. Astor second. Kilogram third. Time.
1:2S 4-5. - = \u25a0' ' ".-'-.
Second race, five furlongs— Major Dangerfleld
won. Extinguisher second, Melster Singer third.
Time. 1:01 2-5.
Third race, oi» mile and a sixteenth, selling—
j L/ucky Star won, Bowen second, Trebor third.
Time. lUS 4-5. -
; Fourth race. Aqueduct .handicap, one mile
and seventy, yards— Potente won, Oom Paul
second. Barouche third. Time. 1:45.
Fifth race,, five and a half furlongs— Bonmot
won, Carlington second, Mary Worth ; third
Time. 1:08. • • r .
Sixth race, one mile and seventy yards—
Pledrich won, Alsike second, Templetpn third
Time, l:4fi 3-5.
Costs 'Twice as . Much to Marry in
California as It Does in
Ohio.
OAKLAND, Oct. 2S.-Judge Stetson, City
Justice of the Peace; Is out 50 cents. Ha
married OweivP. Mellen of Akron, Ohio,
to an Oaklana girl to-day in his ,court
ropm and when the nuptial knot had been
drawn good and tight the bridegroom
asked him how much it was.
"Three dollars!" '
"Haven't got it!" exclaimed the bride
groom. "Only got two and a half."
J'Well, that's what the code allows us
to' charge."
"Seems to me you charge an awful lot
to marry a feller out here. Back in Ohio
they only charge $1 50. Why, I could have
got a minister to do it for nothing."
Finally Judge Stetson accepted the J2 50.
As he is a salaried officer and turns in
all his fees he will have to die down,
unless the. bridegroom shows up and pro
vides enough to make. up the full $3, tee
penalty, for failure to do which is im
peachment.
JUDGE STETSON HELPS
TO PAY WEDDING FEE
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Oct. 28.—
Strenuous efforts are being' made to have
Stanford represented at the intercollegi
ate game on November 9 by the largest
and. \u25a0 best organized force of "rooters'*
that has ever represented the cardinal.
Six hundred seats for: the game, to bo
sold to "rooters" only, will be placed on
sale in the N campus Thursday, and it is
expected that every. one will be occupied
the day of the game by a Stanford man
with a red hat and leathern lungs. Four
hundred "rooters' hats" of red cloth, have
been ordered by students trl> to the .'pres
ent date and 200 more will'be ordered be
fore the game: An effort is being made
to have'Sanford alumni in San Franciso
wear the "rooters' hats" and join with
the undergraduates in the "rooters' " sec
tion. .
ball Game.
Bed Hats and Leathern Lungs Will
Be Prominent at the Foot-
STANFORD «TO BRING
AN ARMY OF "ROOTERS"
The Geissler -Hirschhorn Tyrolean sing
ers carried oft j the honors . at Fischer's
Concert House -last night. -Christy and
Fischer's Concert • House.
Ofpheuin,
Lillian Burkhart and her,' clever assist
ants, James RTGarey and Oscar Norfleet,
presented "The Way to -Win a Husband"
to 'a packed' house at ;the Orpheum last
night. MIs's \u25a0\u25a0 Burkhart ' is always a San
Francisco favorite, and! the way that she
was greeted proves that her claim to the
title of America's .leading . vaudeville
actress is based, on, fact.'. The playlet is
different from anything that. she has ever
done here before i and displays -her great
versatility.'- The Leslie brothers, Aus
tralian musical comedians, are entertain
ing, | and Harris and Walters \u25a0 . present , . a
screamingly, amusing , skit... i "Miyo San,"
a dainty Japanese operetta, ; is a distinct
novelty, and the Beaux and Belles appear
to much better advantage this, week than
last. Mignonette Kokin, the eccentrique;
Francis "Le.Page, the Z jumper; John
Geiger, the violin humorist, , and new
views on the biograph completed an ex
cellent programme.
LONDON, Oct. 2S.-The pertinacity with
which society discusses the rumors N re
garding the health of King Edward has
had a serious effect on tne 'court dress
makers, who expected <o have been ere
now busily engaged on the eourt dresses.
They are keeping large | staffs in almost
complete idleness. .The members of so
ciety have apparently made up their
minds that they will not go to any ex
pense until they are sure that the cor
onation will really occur. There is a very
clearly defined impression in the diplo
matic corps Uiat the King is threatened
with some organic corrfplaint.' Some go
so far as' to say it Is cancer, or Bright's
disease, cr both: Probably. the truer so
lution is that th.c cancer rumor springs
from \u25a0 the King's oft-expressed dread of
cancer, which has made such ravages in
his own family, and that whatever ail
ment may threaten him it has , ; not
reached any definite cr dangerous stage,
else he would be quite unable to keep
up" his incessant round* of public duties
and private pastimes with the regularity
and zest which - he continues to display.
In spite. of these tacts, there is undoubt
edly a very alarming premonition in court
circles, especially among women;. that the
King will never live to be crowned,
which, however .baseless, is having seri
ous eifect on trade. The favorite story
in this connection now current is thnt a
palmist told i^ueon Alexandra not long
ugo that she would never live to be
crowned.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 28.-The incoming
mail, from the East has brought to the
Navy Department a number of Chinese
newspapers which contain the news o*
what is termed an "outrage" upon an
American .citizen, andalso a British citi
zen, employed by the lumber firm of Bush
Bros, at Niuchwang. It is said that these
two men, whose names \ are not given,
were arrested illegally and threatened
with loaded rifles and bayonets by a, : party
of Cossacks outside the Russian lines at
Niuchwang on the 12th of August last, an-i
that both the British and the American
Consuls at Niuchwang have been making
vigorous representations upon the sub
ject.
The State Department has received from
Minister Conger at Peking a translation
of a series . of preliminary- regulations
adopted by the recently organized Chi
nese ..board of national administration,
charged with the reorganization of that
Government on modern and efficient lines.
The sentiments ! expressed- are conserva
tive, .says Conger, and it is made plain
that there is , no intention to imitate the
too brisk pace set by the reformers of
1898, but instead to study Western meth
ods, and, without' adopting' Western civ
ilization as a whole, to' adapt to Chinese
conditions such institutions as seem, likely
to add strength to the state. ~.:\ V \u25a0\u25a0.
Finally the whole matter was left in
the hands of President Marston and Town
Attorney Havne.
. Some discussion -was provoked over the
final clause of the resolution, which pro
vided that the Town Trustees waived all
right to declare forfeited the franchise
for failure to run the trains at least once
In six months. However, the board was
about to accept the proposition when
Trustee Staats suggested looking up tha
old franchise ordinance and its production
developed the. fact that that document
contained a clause fixing a penalty of
$5000 for non-conformity to the conditions.
Staats discovered that a bond for $5000
had been put up years ago by the railroad
company as an assurance of good faith
and he* wanted the board to make an
effort to get at the subscribers to the in
strument."
BERKELEY, Oct. 28.— Attorney A. E.
Bolton appeared before the Town Trustees
to-night and offered the members induce
ments to rescind its action of last week
in declaring forfeited the franchise of the
California and Nevada Railroad for non
payment of taxes. Attorney Bolton, who
represents the receiver for the road, ten
dered* a check for $993 97 in payment of
the delinquent taxes fc for the last five
years and also effsred a resolution for the
board's consideration undoing the work of
last week. ' .
lover, "Cap" "Sheath, stabbed. in the back
by the villain, Bart Foxwell, was lying in
the snow. To: save ' him > it -was necessary
to stop an approaching train., She stopped
the. train by grasping the! arm of a wind
mill -and riding to a dizzy height; hanging
at arm's length, from which she signaled
the train with a lantern.* : -- :
The show is a good \one, . being replete
with incidents "-calculated to ' cause the
Central Theater audiences to bestow long
and : vigorous applause^* It is well staged,
the 1 blizzard scene being . so realistic that
every one in the "house* shivered. Oza
Waldrop is A a... clever actress, land as Nub
bins - won- frequent applause. — \u25a0» Margaret
Marshal as Stella Cross satisfied the audi
ence, and v.Willard Blackmore's "Cap"
Sheath was' cleverly done." Stanley Ross
as .Bart Foxhall made, a' aapital villain. '
General Impression Exists
That. He Has Some
v Fatal Disease.
Threatened With Loaded
Rifles and Bayonets' Out
side Russian : Lines.
Five Thousand Dollar Bond
Is Discovered by Trustee
Staata
Naval Cadet Noa was appointed from
Tennessee and entered the Annapolis
Academy in September, 1S96. After his
graduation in June of 1900 he went to the
Philippines in the performance of the
required two years' service abroad and
was one of the two officers aboard the
email gunbeat Mariveles which has been
doing patrol duty among the smaller
Islands of the Philippine group.
It developed to-day that Naval Cadet
Ivoveman Noa, who lost his life near
Nipa-Nipa, Samar. was killed by natives
while on a boat expedition. Rear Admiral
Rodg-ersi in his dispatch announcing the
death of Noa, gave no other casualties.
Rodgrers' cablegram follows:
"Naval Cadet Loveman Noa, while on
shore near Nipa-Nipa, Samar, on boat ex
pedition, was killed by natives October
—7th." . . .
CAIX BX.-REAU. 1406 G STREET N
W., WASHINGTON, Oct. 2S.-Thirty-flve
thousand effective men will comprise the
loree which \u25a0will maintain •American sov
ereignty over the Philippine Islands. This
is the number determined upon by Sec
retary Root In the face of. information
ehon-ing that a much stronger army is
r.eed<?<3 to keep down the rebellion of "the
trhole people" in the Philippine Islands,
to Quote Major General Chaffee. The
force determined upon by Secretary Rool
is 7000 less than that now in the Philip
pines, and 10,000 more than the authori
ties inttaded a month ago to keep in the
islands. It is proposed to send to Ma
nila by January IS the troops required
to take the place of those which will be
brought home. General Chaffee will take
advantage of the dry season, which will
begin next month, to carry on military
operations not only in Samar. but in Lu
zon and other islands where they are
ziecessarv.
Natives Kill a Naval Cadet
Belonging to Gunboat
Mariveles.
Operatic Stars} Appear at Their Best-^-Walter Perkins Arouses Mjrth at
Giand--- n Sporting Life" at California Ddesf Goo3|^i|^|pr^^s
Attractibris Are of the Bestv-Alcazar and GentralPresent Popular Pieces
Arrest of an American
and^a Briton at
Niuchwarig.' .
English Court Followers
Say He May Not Live
to Be Crowned;
California and Nevada
Railroad Wants to
' .. Settle. •
Secretary Root Decides
to Withdraw Seven -
Thousand Men.
CDSBACKS BULLY
REDUCING FORCE
IN PHILIPPINES
DIRECTOR PAUL STEINDORFF GIVEN
SPLENDID TESTIMONIAL AT TIVOLI
FEflR DEATH WAY
CLAIM THE KING
OFFERS CKEGK
TOPftYTAXES
- • . \u25a0 :\u25a0 , - \u25a0\u25a0.-*\u25a0\u25a0 .; • \u25a0 --\u25a0 - : '\u25a0\u25a0--., '.;:- \u25a0•..- ..-*•-• . \u25a0 :\u25a0-: •>\u25a0\u25a0• .-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1901.
THE DAY'S DEAD,
11
' 1 1 |l UK \u25a0\u25a0 jLg^^^^^^^ • be & ins in th e. bowels. It's the un-
>^^^^^^^^^^^^^1 clean places that breed infectious
|^^^^^^^^^^^^^3 ' es " the disease. A person whose
and whose liver is lively, and blood
ffl^^^^^g^^^^^^^^' pure, is safe against yellow fever,
Wj^^^^^^^^^^^^~ small-pox, cholera, typhoid, or any
other of the dreadful diseases that
. _ ... . / sometimes -desolate our beautiful
land. Some of the cleanest people outside are*the filthiest inside,
and they are the ones who not only "catch*" the' infections, but :
endanger the lives of all their, friends and relatives. Therets only
one certain way of keeping clean inside so as to prevent "disease,
I and . that . is to; take CASCARETS, : perfect . disinfectarits '1 and
\ bowel strengtheners.- . \u25a0•All 'diseases are prevented by using Cas-
carets. The dealer who tries to sell something JUST AS: GOOD
when ;you* ask Tfor^Cascarets, lies. Sample and; booklet free.
Address Sterling Remedy Company; Chicago or New York. m»
ADVEKTISEMENTS.
THE OFFSPRING
OF HEREDITARY
BLOOD TAINT.
Scrofula is but a modified form of Blood
Poison and Consumption. " The parent"
rho is tainted by cither will see in the
rhild tfce same disease y<T5>->^
canif esling itself in
• lie form of swollen £§&£&!&5*\
flandsof the neck and -{3e&3r$ttJ\
iroat, catarrh, -weak <]|^^ *" v &Jf>
h-es, offensive sores l$g£a^ ***
md ab:>cesses and of- ftja&k •"£- /$£&
jentimes white swell-^gEpfe^^f^j^j
ng— sure sigus oV^^^^^d . |
Scrofula. There may W^/T^S^ ( \
>e no external signs for f tjh' r ' ~*T '
1 long time, for the disease develops slowly
n somfe cases, but the poison is in the
>lood and \u25a0will break out at the first favor-
ible opportunity. S. S. S. cures this wast-
hg, destructive disease by first purifjing
tnd building up the blood and stimulating
»nd invigorating the whole system.
J. M. Seals, 1 15 Public Square.
laj-s : ' Ten years ago my daughter fell and cut
»er forehead. From this wound the glands on
he side of her face became swollen and bursted.
iome cf the best doctors here and elsewhere
ittendec her %rithont any benefit. We decided
a try S. S. S. t and a few bottles cured her en-
. lrely. M - s
f $F^& ttffi% /S?^fc makes new and pure
(ST^« \^^ blood to nourish and
strengthen the body,
jv^^ |vjM V,^ra and is a positive and
, ISggr «l^r i^sSgp safe cure for Scrofula.
!t overcomes all forms of blood poison,
whether inherited or acquired, and no
lemedy co thoroughly and effectively
jleanses the blood, 'if you 'have any
Hood trouble, or your child has inherited
ioiae blood taint, take S. S. S. and get
3ie blcod in good condition and prevent
be disease doing further damage.
. Send for our free book and write. our
jhysicians about your case. We make no
iharge whatever for medical advice.
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC CO., ATLANTA, GA. .
G <^^^v^3^'^k^*>*fc^^*ls»^^^fc^*C*k^Qh^«V^ : '£>'0
2 visit DR. JORDAN'S great 4
OF ANATOMY)
A C& :::ixa2iK:T.tst.e±s"i,c.r.c»i. /
\ \u25a0 Cf The Largest Anatomical Museum in the \
m jmtjn-*. World. Weakiiest>es or any cniitracted A
* V^sSi *« a « po».ill»«-ly enrrd t>y the oldeit T
j* fefyj DR. JORDAN-DISEASES" OF MEN A
• ftfk%J&M Consuitttioi free and strirjiy privite. \
" \g I Y* W" » Treatment personally r.r by tetter. A ff
f I flrnlj Poiitivt Curt in every case undertaken. -. \
A F If II H* Write for Book. PUILO hdl'B V or A
V * II HV BIABBIACE, MAILSO FHEE. (A7
A (I (I. valuable book lor ni<-n) • \u25a0 \
f DB. JOltDANAVO.. 1051 Market St. S. F. WTH B SAN FK ANQISCp C AXli, TU E SD AY, 'OCTOBER 29,' • 1 901.
12
. SPIRITUALIS3I. r'-:
A^^RS^^RT~FXR^lL\M7~Bp7miuii~inedium
and life reader; mining a specialty; dr. Sun.,
Wed, and Friday evenings. 1035 Market at.
C. V. Miller, world's famous materializing ,me-
- -dium;- spirits speak face to face; seance Tue.,
Fr.. Su.. 8 p. m.. 50c. 10S4 Bush; p. Larkin 22 iq.
MRS. J J . WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life. reader; medical, clairvoyant; sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car. .
BROCKWAY'S psychic seance, Sunday. Tues-
day, Thursday 8:15 p. m. ; 25c; readings daily.
239 Hyde, cor. Eddy; phone Hyde 2564.
MRS. GILLINGHAM, spiritual test meeting,
8 p. m., 10c. 205 Larkin, 1-5; tel. Howard lio.
MRS. HARLAND-S circle to-night; articles
read, 10c; will leave city Friday. 148 -Sixth.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 619 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
MRS. LESTER, circle 8 p. m.. 10c; readings
50c and $1. 148 Sixth, r. 12; tel. Howard 1129.
W. G. KEEGAN holds a spiritual meeting every
night ex. Saturday; admission 10c. 14S Sixth.
A— PROF. GEE, . 108 Sixth . St.— Satisfactory
readings, 50c and $1; circle every night; 10c.
ARNOLD DICKSON, tells everything; 50c. $1;
full materialization Thurs.t Sun, eve. 201 Turk.
A— Cleopatra materializing seance to-day. 2 p.
m., 50c; sittings dally. 1610 Bush, nr. Franklin.
FRIENDSHIP Hall, 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; sittings dally; test to all to-night. 10c.
HARMACHEIS read this week only 50c;. con-
"vlnclng test dr. every eve.. 10c. 332 O'Farrell.
clairvoyants.
mmeTmTbernard.
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
.located «t 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
J reads your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
i scriptlon of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays, events to occur in the fu-
ture If you are «in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied in life, or have domestic,
love or business troubles, consult \u25a0 this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; satisfaction guaranteed. Tel. Black 4569.
MRS. DR. F. CLARKE, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St.. corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. I
A— LINCOLN. CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he succeeds when others fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by malL
MME. AENDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never fails: has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows picture future husband or wife;
! fee 25cand up; satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215^ Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
: reader born with double veil— second sight:
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c,
gents $1: palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR, the Egyptian Gipsy, claljvoyant and ,
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op-
posite Sixth; private readings daily, 10 a. m.
to 5 p. m. Sundays from 10 to 12 a. m.
Miss M.WIlIe,326A Ellist St., greatest of all crys-
tal seers; reads your life correctly; full names
given; sittings, 50c up; 3 questions by mall $1.
Princess Ishmael. clairvoyant, 1008V4 Market,
from Alohobar; 1st appearance ; read life with-
out ques.; hrs. 9 a. m.-9 p. m. ; Sun. till 2 p.m.
CARD reading; ladles 10c. gentlemen 23c. 625
Minna st. downstairs.
MRS. BROWN, clairvoyant, card reader; ladies
25c, gents 50c; readings daily. 132 Sixth St.
MRS. DR. VALEEN, clairvoyant, palmist, gives
names; advice all matters. 15S3 Market, nr. 12.
CLAIRVOYANT, card reader, from Louisiana;
only 10c; from 1 to 8. 262 Minna St., nr. 4th.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladies 25c,
gents iiOc. 951 Missl6n, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. MELVILL. well known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th; German spoken; tel. Jessie 1563.
MRS. B. Baumann, well-known fortune teller,
has removed from 315 O'Farrell to 222 Eddy.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader; palmistry;
truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448% Jessie fY, bet. 5th and 6th.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names glven^ 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS corns. Ingrown nails; painless cure.
DR. DUNCAN. 206 Kearny St.. room 307.
CARPET HEATING . AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become disgusted with' poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-beat-
. Ing .Works, S53-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
MODERN Co.; steam cleaning:. 3c; laying;
cleaning on floor. Phone Mint 301; 923 Mission.
AMERICAN Carpet-beating Works— Cleaning,
3c: renovated; relaid. 105 14th st. : tel. Capp 2542.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Butter St.;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO., Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-cleaning Works.
3*3 Golden Gate ave.; telephone East 121
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works, G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 Sth Et. ; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-cleaning and Reno-
I vatlnc Co.. 240 Fourteenth Bt. ; tel. Mission 74.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No chargn un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st. .
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, room
85. 916 Market. Advice freeftel. Rod S211.
<, DENTISTS.
A— DR. T. S. HIGGINS. 227 Market street,
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold .filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural • and
guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal plate. $15;
gold and porcelain • crowns, $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7. Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty; . gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates,, extractions free; $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to
2 p. m. J. W. THATCHER, M. P., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plated, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method;. 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; : prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
j A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings.
50c; plates, $5,* full set; all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
AMALGAM fillings, $1; silver fillings, 50c; gold
or porcelain crowns. $5; set of \u25a0 teetK, $7;
teeth extracted painlessly. New York Den-
tists, 969 Mission St., southeast corner Sixth.
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st.— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates. • •
YOU can nave 40 per cent on dental work by
. going 1 to DR. BROWN, 54 Sixth st.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 .Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
. YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
DR.R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkli*-Baln-
less extraction 50c ; plates $5 up ; phone Polk 1135.
DR. H. G. .TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly In Murphy- bldg.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
PACIFIC Detective Agency, room ' 610, Eiam-
. lner building; telephone John 381; reliable
work and efficient service guaranteed.
DOG HOSPITALS.
DR. CREELY'S C. P. dog soap by druggists
or at the Hospital.' 510 Golden Gate ave.:- -
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School—
Class' rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market Bt.
FRENCH accordion and knife pleating. WM.
PILGER. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moff at t
HEALD'S I S^H^5ir"6F'~EXEC^Ric"AirENGI^
NEERING— Theory, demonstration, construc-
tion; laboratory and shop work; '.thoroughly,
' practical; day and night.- 24 Post st.'rS. F. ;
- catalogue free. . -.-.- \u25a0 \u25a0• \u25a0: \u25a0,. . -*......
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
' $S per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education; shorthand, \ typ-
ing, bookkeeping,, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc. ;• experienced' teachers;
new typewriters; positions becured;. cat.' free.
HEALD'S SCHOOL OF MINES, . 24 POST ST.;
S. F.— Thorough courses;, complete equipment;
all subjects pertaining to mining and mining
engineering; day and night; catalogue tree.
A — The official reporters of the Supreme Court ad-
Vise their friends to attend the GALLAGHER-
MARSH COLLEGE. . Is this I advice worth
following? Life scholarship $50; catalogue.
A — THE LYCEUM. ' an accredited '. preparatory
school for the university, law and-, medical
colleges; references, President \u25a0 Jordan or. any
Stanford professor/' Phelan building.'" \ \u25a0' ; .
CALIFORNIA Business College; most thorough
modern methods; positions for all .graduates;
new 60-page catalogue free. ,305 Larkin st. y -.
MERRILL-MILLER Colleger-Shorthand, typ-
ing, j practical bookkeeping. Rooms 40-45, Par-
' rott \u25a0 bldg. ; Individual Instruction; . catalogue.
ENGINEERING — Civil, elec.'.mining. mech. eur-
' vey, assay,- cyanide; - day, : eve. ; est. 1S64.;: Van
der Naillen' School, 113 Fulton. ; nr.iCKy : Hall;
. - \u25a0 . .-\u25a0•«-. . \u25a0 . \u25a0 ' - \u25a0
PACIFIC Co. (lnc.)^We
, have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies < lncor-
- porated; stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or address main office. 507-8-9 ' Parrott bldg. |
COMPANIES promoted and financed, stock
taken in payment for services; good mining
and industrial -propositions wanted; gold'
bonds furnished. PACIFIC STATES MINING
AND INVESTMENT CO.. 326 Post St.
: " FLATS TO LIST— -FURNISHED.
AN 8-room flat, nicely furnished: sunny; $50.
724 Powell st.
WASHINGTON. 2833— Handsomely furnished
\u25a0 - sunny flat, 7 rooms, with piano, garden. -„.-
$25-1517 GOLDEN GATE ave., furnished parlor
• floor 4 rooms, etc. ; \u25a0 piano, bath, garden.
ELEGANT sunny flat,' 6 rooms, bath,. basement,
yard. Apply at 130 Castro st.,' near Fifteenth.
LIBERTY, 1 221— Flat, 5 rooms and bath > tubs;
must be seen to.be appreciated.
MODERN sunny upper flat, 7. rooms and bath;
'\u25a0. first-class order. . 105 South Park.
O'FARRELL, 1933-Modern flat. 6 rooms, bath;
yard; basement: cheap. to good tenant. '
THREE rooms, basement -find yard; in rear.
' 118 Fillmore st. . \u25a0 |
TREMONT av., 158 A, near Frederick, Ashbury
Heights— Upper flat. 8 rooms and bath;inew.
VALLEJO, 1220. bet. Hyde and Leavenworth—
Nice flat 7 rooirts; rent $20; sun all around.
$22 50—111 LIBERTY, Et., near Ouerrero; hand-
Bomc flat; choice neighborhood.
FLATS WANTED.
COTTAGE or flat of 4 or 5 rooms and bath in
Mission; to be first-class; no children. Ad-
dress box 1465, Call office. i
FRAMES AND PICTURES. \u25a0
1 CLYDE L. KELLER, 128-130 Hayes, nr V. Ness
—Best work and lowest prices west Chicago.
. FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak, $4S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market. I
BLACK walnut mantel and sideboard; a great
chance for some builder. 760 .Howard st.
FURNITURE | WANTED.
WILSON buys all kinds of household goods.
- 1710 Market; tel. South 413. . ..;.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St.. pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
A. L. STORRS, 634 Ellis st; telephone Larkin
27S2; highest price paid for furnitare, carpets.
TEL. Jessie 781 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
GLOVES. , .
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted: kept in repair. 121 Grant 'ave.
HELP WASTED FEMALE. .
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO' s...'. Phone Grant 1S5
HOTEL -DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses; Sacramento ' $25
20 waitresses, restaurahts and . hotels .. $20, $30
Waitress, country hotel; see party here... $20
Cook, small sanitarium, city ?2j
Cook, restaurant, city '. $35
Chambermaid. Southern California; see party
here .>... |aj
• Cha-mbermaid to clean in baths $8 week
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Nursegirls, Berkeley, fare paid...; $13
Nurscgirls, San Rafael; see party here... $15
Woman with a child, city $20
Cooks,- housegirls, second girls; city and
country
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
A— MOTHER and daughter; housekeeper for
private* boarding-house; $30. C. R. HANSEN
tk CO., 104 Geary st.
A— YOUNG lady for work in candy factory, $5
a week to begin ; no experience necessary.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
A— FIRST-CLASS chambermaid. Southern Call"
fornla, $20, see party here. MRS. M. E.
DAI' & CO., 335 Geary st.
A-MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. 335 GEARY ST.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, $25; crew
waitresses, new hotel, north, $20, fares paid;
12 waitresses, city and country, $20 and $25;
3 chambermaids to wait, $20; pantry woman,
$25, see party here.
% FAMILY DEPARTMENT
\ Second srirl, San Rafael, $25, see lady here;
'5 cooks, $30; housesirls, second girls, best
'wages; young girl for candy store, $2 50 a
week, room and board. MRS. M. E. DAY
& CO.. 335 Geary st. "
WANTED— Cook for club of students $40
Cook and wife, country hotel $50
Second girl, American family..... ..$25
2 German br French nurses.. $25
Lady's maid, see party here $25
Cook, second girl, same house $25, J20
Laundress for institution, city *25
Waitress, country hotel, see party 10 o'clock
• $20
2 laundresses, private family.....*. $25, $30
Nurse, 3 children $15, $20
Waitress, restaurant $7, $8 week
4 cooks, American families : $25. $30
4 cooks, German style $30, $35
80 girls for housework in both city and coun-
try, call early. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st. \u25a0 - ' :
A— YOUNG girl 'for labeling and office work;
wholesale wine house: $5 a week. W. D.
EWER &-CO., 613 Clay st.
WANTED— Strictly first-class plain cook;
American family; neat young person only
need apply; no washing; wages $30 per month.
Call 892 Union St., Alameda, Chestnut sta-
tion, narrow gauge.
EXPERIENCED girl to do general house-
.work In Oakland; German or Scandinavian
preferred; - small washing; wages In-
quire ' room 7, 606 Montgomery st.
WANTED— Girl to do light office work; wages
$3 per week. Call bet. 8 and 9 a. m., W.
SELLSCHOPP & CO., 118 Stockton st.
COMPETENT French maid;. must understand
her duties. thoroughly; none others need ap-
ply; references required. Box 1729, Call.
PROTESTANT girl to do general housework:
no washing: wanted, laundress by day. 1905
Broadway, near Octavla St., city. \u25a0.'.-.--.
CANDY saleslady; must have experience. Call
\u25a0 from 10 to 12 and 4 to 6, Blum's Confectionery,
corner Polk and Sutter sts.' ' ' # . ,\u25a0
GIRLS wanted in bookbinding department; no
; experience necessary. JOHN PARTRIDGE,
SOG California st. - .."
50 GIRLS to learn to operate on ladles' and
children's wear in factory. 658 Mission St.,
fourth floor. \u25a0 , \u25a0 \u25a0 . \u25a0
EXPERIE-NCED hands 3 and apprentices on
men 1 s neckwear. L. S AMTER & SON, ' 518
Market st. ,
YOUNG 'girl to assist with housework;' good
home; wages $10. 2450 Bush st.
WAITRESS wanted; good pay. 631 Clay st. "
OPERATORS on ladies' undewear to work in
factory. 656 Mission st., fourth floor. . .
OPERATORS on children's wear to work in
factory. 656 Mission St., fourth floor.
WANTED— First-class , finisher on pants; fine
work. 410 Kearny st., room 32.
FIRST-CLASS finisher wanted on jackets and
skirts. Apply 22 Grant ave.' ! .
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on fine custom coats.
419 O'Farrell St.. rear. -.-'\u25a0-
GOOD finisher on pants; also an apprentice.
935 Market St., room 16. - - < \u25a0 . .
WANTED— Girl to assist with housework and!
children ; i reasonable wages. 1607 California.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as cook. 330 Main st.
GIRL for general! housework; wages $20. 1603
Laguna st. • \u25a0
WANTED— A first-class saleslady; references.
-Call bet." 7 and 9 p. m., 206 Hickory ave.
WANTED— Errand girl, immediately. • 516 Sut-
ter st. - \u25a0.'\u25a0-.•• - ;•-.-\u25a0' . - • - : ':•'-.
WANTED — Lady \u25a0• canvasser. - California Rug
Co., 1278 Union st. , ' ; . . : -. '
GIRL for general housework and cooking; no
washing or window-cleaning. - 311 Scott st. '
WANTED— A young girl to assist with house-
keeping-. 2754 Twenty-third st. i \u25a0 -.; .-
GIRL for general housework \u25a0 and cooking;
small washing;- $25; references. .1714 Geary.
WANTED — A • first-class ; presser on "custom
,- pants: "411% Kearny st.; top floor.. . . : ...
A GOOD operator on l)ants. 36 Geary st.,
.room 33. ... .."-'\u25a0•'\u25a0' " \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0•' >
A STEADY .reliable girl . for second work;
\u25a0 references required. 1286 O'Farrell st.,-. from
9 to 12 o'clock; wages $20. - ' ; \u25a0
A- YOUNG girl for light housework and assist
with children. '924 A Fulton st. ..•-.-
GIRL to assist in \u25a0 general housework; , plain
. washing. \u25a0* 1920 Sutter st. .-..-\u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0:..-'.:
PANTS finishers; also apprentices; • steady
work; paid while learning. 14 McAllister St.,
room IS. .. '; \u25a0 \u25a0
WANTED— Girl to assist in general housework.
-'. ' 791 McAllister :_st, . near^ Octavla. . . r .
MACHINE- operators at LEVI STRAUSS &
CO.'S overall factory, 32% Fremont st. ; good
>' wages; no experience necessary; steady work.-
Apply MR. DAVIS. . '. ;.
.WANTED — Experienced 'seamstress "on., cloak
. and suit alterations/Apply bet. . 8' and 11
a.-m. at HALE BRO3' •
SAX FB.WCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Trancisco
< % all. corner of Market and Third streets; open
until J2 o'clock every night In the year. ; *
BRANCH OFFICES— £27 Montgomery street.
«orner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. \
300 Hayes ftreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
C39 McAllister street; cpen until 9:30 p. m.
Mi Larkin etfeet; open until 9:30 p. m.
J!*l Mission street; open 'jotil 10 p. m.
HX1 Market Etreet, corner .Sixteenth; open
tntlj 9 p. m. .' '
. 106 Eleventh street; cpen until 9 p. m.
1C3C Valencia st; open until 9 p. o.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky rtreets; cpen until 9 p. m.
22C0 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
MEETING NOTICES. _^
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. »
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- Jk
ING, October 29, at 7:30 o'clock. M. M. JvZ?
degree. By order of the H. P. #v*
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodce No. 30. F. and »
A.. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUES- Ji
DAY) EVENING at 7:20. D. 3. ByXL2\
order S. W. • ' ~
EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
l'ACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., m
121 Eddy Bt.. meets THIS EVENING.
at 7:30 o'clock. Second degree. ¥LJr\
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec '**
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. •
M.— Third decree THIS (TUESDAY) m £\ M
EVENING at 7:3" o'clock. 55w?\
A. S. HfBBARD. Secretary. / '
NOTICE to Stockholders of Honolulu 'Planta-
tion Company.— Notice is hereby given that in
pursuance of a resolution of the Board of Di-
rectors of the Honolulu Plantation Company,
duly adopted at a meeting of Said board held
en the 22d day of October, A. D. 190L a spe-
cial meeting of the stockholders of the Hono-
lulu Plantation Company will be held on
THURSDAY, the 26th day of December.
A. D. 1901, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. of
that day. at the office of the corporation. No.
S27 Market street, in the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, the same
being the principal place of business and the
office of said corporation and the building
where the Beard jof Directors usually meet,
for the purpose of considering and acting
upon a proposition to create a bonded indebt-
edness of said corporation to the amount of
one million two hundred and fifty thousand
($1,250,000) dollars, to the end and for the
purpose of providing means and raising
moneys to pay the existing indebtedness of
said corporation and the indebtedness incurred
and to be incurred in the development of its
properties and the construction and comple-
tion of its works and improvements, the pur-
chase of machinery and the acquisition of
such other property* as may be within the
purposes and objects of said corporation.
H. W. THOMAS.
Secretary of Honolulu Plantation Company.
Dated San Francisco. October 22, 190L
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from N. Gilman, in the American
House Mine, at the American House, Plumas
Co., to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
mine; from James A. Modglin. in the Old
Gardiner's Point Diggings near Port Wine,
Sierra Co.. to deposit tailings In Saw Mill
Ravine; from the California Company, in the
North Hill Placer Mine, near Milton,. Cala-
veras Co., to deposit tailing? in Rich Gulch,
.end from L. V. Tefft, in the Lone Star Mine.
near Cromberg. Plumas Co.. to deposit tail-
Ings in Jackson Creek, gives notice that a.
meeting will be held at room 59. Flood build-
ing, San Francisco. Cal., on November 1L
1901. at 1:30 p. m.
\u25a0_ AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS WANTED— Our great set of Christ-
mas books now ready. Best and newest books
for children. Colored pictures. Lowest prices.
Best sellers ever known. Agents selling from
12 to 25 books a da-. Also life William Mc-
Kinley and Complete Story of His Assassina-
tion, including Lives of Lincoln and Garfield
and Stories of their Assassination. About 500
extra large pages. Biggest, best book. Superb-
ly illustrated. Lowest price. Handsome and
valuable premium. 75 per cent to agents. One
book free with each ten ordered. Freight paid.
Cnedit given. No experience necessary. Outfit
free. Sell the best book. Make the most
money. We give the most liberal treatment.
All orders shipped day they are received. We
J own the largest binderies and are the enly
publishers chipping books promptly. HENRY
NEIL, 323 Dearborn et.. Chicago* 111.
AGENTS wanted for "Life of Preside'nt Theo-
dore Roosevelt"; thrUIing illustrated bio-
graphy of our youngest President; complete
outfit mailed on receipts of 35c In stamps; be
first in the field. S. C. MILLER & CO., Port-
land. Oregon.
"LIFE of McKinley"; complete books now
ready; can fill orders for book written by
Marshall Everett or Murat Halstead; best edi-
tions published: outfit free. S. C. MILLER
. & CO.. Portland, Or. ,
.. \u25a0'\u25a0_ '\u25a0 ADOPTION. -
MATERNITY Villa-OooThoines for healthy in-
fants. Dr. Kmllle Funke.1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
: : ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11S6 Mission; tel. Folsom 2477.
ASTROLOGY.
PROF. ROUSSEAU, astrologlst ; complete life
reading. 50c: by mall. 50c. 1163 Market et
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
FREE advice— J. M. VERDENAL. attorney. 314
Montgomery st.— Divorces, private; fees low;
probating; bankruptcy; collections; suits;
titles perfected; documents drawn; mortgages;
property bought: money loaned; insurance 30c
on $100. P. B. TRAVERS. evenings. 4184 Post.
ADVICE free; divorces private; bankruptcy; col-
lections ; attachments ; mortgages ; bills of eale ;
partnerships; deeds; wills drawn;fees low; open
eve's. THURSTON. 1008^ Mkt.. r. 4. opp. 5th.
ADVICE free— Divorces a specialty: quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
wills deeds, etc, prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. G. W. HOWE, 650 Market st.
COLUMBIAN Law and Collection Agency, sixth
floor, 916 Market— Legal business of all kinds
solicited; advice free; able boJTy of attorneys.
ADVICE fre«; moderate fee if successful: office
open evenings. HUGH C. GRANT. 927 Market.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st., opp. Mason.
L. S. CLAsRK. Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st.: consultation free; no fees in advance.
IIICVCLKS — For Sale or Exchange.
p .. - 1- . ... \u25a0 - - --.-- ,.,, .,, . . . ., ..-,--. ...._\u25a0
GOOD eecond-hand bicycles for sale, $5 up;
eend for bargain list. LEAVITT & BILL,
309 Larkin st. .
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
GOOD home (piano lessons free) ; every atten-
tion given; can accommodate 5 children; rate
\i a. menth. Call or address
• SCHWEINHARD,
Rooms 1-2, 917 Market st., opposite Mason, j
WANTED— Home for boy 20 months old. Ap-
ply MRS. CROGHAN. 3229 Twenty-second st.
\u25a0 MOTHER'S care and good home for two or
three children; low terms. 16C7 California st.
BOOKS — XJBW AND OLD. \
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel. Red 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BUREAU TRUNKS. —
TRUNKS of every description at bedrock
prices. Factory and salesroom. E26 Howard.
BUSINESS CHAXCES.
A— $450; SALOON, living rooms, cheap rent;
surrounded by warehouses; opposite freight
depot. Call R. G. WILKE, 26«£ Kearny st.
A— $205— CIGAR store; wholesale district; splcn-
did chance for lady or gentleman R G
WiLKE, Z6V4 Kearny st.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar: living rooms*
cheap rent; best part of the Mission; see and
make an offer. K. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny.
A— $1600-CORNER grocery and bar doing a
large cash business; splendid bar trade; rent
$25; sickness of wife only cause of sale. See
It. G. WILKE. 26'j Kearny st.
A— J12GO— BAKERY and restaurant; established
for y<-ars; doing a. first-class paying business
Call R. G. WILKE. 26V4 Kearny st; ' "
A— $350— DELICACY and pork store, • with 3
living roonir; rent $14; business establishd
years and clearing above $100 per month. Call
It. G. WILKE. It>% Kearny st,
A— $1000— LIQUOR store on Market st,; estab-
lished many years, doing a good paying busi-
ness; investigate and you will find a splendid
business offer. K. G. I WILKE, 26% \u25a0 Kearny.
A— $S50— COFFEE saloon and restaurant on
Fourth et., near Market; rent $30; place does
a good paying business. Call R. G. WILKE
2C% Kearny st. \u25a0
A— «250; RESTAURANT; good location: well
fitted up and paying;, must be sold at once.
Pacific Business Exchange, 765 Market st.
tlCO— RESTAURANT: chance to get bargain;
part down; good location. DONALD McKAE.
m Mission gt- --.
A FINE business, not selling l>ut giving away;
call and see. FISHER & CO., 935 Market St.;
phone FoUom 1592. \u25a0 \u25a0 '
FOR SALE— A good saloon on Market St.; on
account of death will be sold at a bargain; no
agents. McLEOD & HATJB. 515 Market st.
A— CIGAR stand; 30 to select from; $100 to $1200.
Ask C. L. HEDGES. 461-462. Parrott building.
\u25a0WANTED — Partner -with a few hundred dol-
lars to take half Interest in a valuable article
to be patented. Box 13C2. Call office.
HELP WANTED— -FEMALE— --Con.
WANTED— A~ sirl to^aTsist In light house-
work. Apply 1724 Buchanan st. . \u25a0"
WANTED— Girl in. candy store: 6 a. m. to S
p. m. Twenty-third and Folsom sts.
WANTED— A girl to assist in housework. Ap-
ply 1510 Vallejo st. .
GIRL- to assist in housework; one who sleeps
home preferred. 1916B Powell st. -
YOUNG girl for general housework; 4 In fam-
lly, \u25a0 adults. ' 1930 Sutter st. . w
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and neg-
ligee shirts; also a few bright girls about 16
years of age for instruction; paid while learn-
' ing. Standard Shirt - Factory, corner Gough
\u25a0 and Grove sts. . - .. ' •'\u25a0' \u25a0
WANTED— A head saleslady for a first-class
bakery and lunch- parlor in large country
town; must be able to take charge of store;
German preferred. Box 1485, Call.
WHOLESALE house desires the services of
competent, trustworthy woman over 25; ex-
perience in office work not necessary. Box
1479. Call office. s_ '
HAIRDRESSING taught in 2 weeks; manicur-
ing & facial massase included: course $5: po-
sitions positively guaranteed; 4 good positions
waiting. S. F. College, 233 Geary st.. room 13.
WANTED— A girl for plain housework. 2S0S
Twenty-fourth st.. near Bryant.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring: paid while
learning. Belasco & Harris Co.. 541 Market.
WANTED— First-class waist, skirt and cloak
hands. Apply 1200 Geary st.
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and eubscrlptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore. »t.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been establisoed at 109»
Valencia st. - \u25a0 - '_
HELP WASTED— MALE.
MURRAT & READY .Phone Main 584S
..Leading Employment and Labor-: Agents..
631-636 Clay st.
FARE PAID ».
FARE PAID .......
Fare Paid See Boss Here
SAWMILL AND WOODS
10 laborers to .work in sawmill and yards
........$35 and found; -no experience required
5 swampers, $55; 3 second loggers, $55 & fd.
fare paid See boss here
Shingle packer, $65 and fd.; shingle sawyers.
MISCELLANEOUS
15 laborers to do mucking work in mine.. $75
3 laborers, near city $2 day
10 laborers, no experience required $52
10 laborers, ditch work, north..... $2 25
5 drillers, four-month job $75
Stableman, factory, country.... $23 and found
Buggy washer, city..; $40 and found
Boy for country store ,..$10 and found
4 stablemen, choremen. doctor's residence,
$20 and found; 15 milkers, $30 and found; 17
farmers, $25, $26 and found; 4 chore boys.
Harness-maker, ranch $40 and found
Man to run capping machine .......cannery
3 carpenters for mine '. $75
Horseshoer, tinsmith, machine blacksmith.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
6 cooks. 15 waiters, .IS kitchen hands, 3 butch-
ers, sausage-maker and assistant, butcher
fare paid, country; dishwasher, officers'
mess, country, fare paid; porter and drive
bus, country hotel; porter, city..
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 101 Geary st.
Railroad Work Railroad Work
Free Fare.... ....:... ..Free Fare
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK
50 drillers and headers $2 to $2 50 a day
£0 muckers and laborers...... $1 75 to $2 a day
FOR COMPANY WORK
50 laborers, different divisions. ..$1 75 a day
FOR EXTRA GANG
50 laborers $175 a day-
Free Fare Ship Daily Free Fare
Gang of laborers, near city. $2 25 a day; long
job
3 carpenters, see boss here this morning
$3 50 a day
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Bookkeeper, $60 and found; night clerk, $40
and found for first-class hotels: second and
fry cooks. $65 and $60, restaurant, city; meat
and pastry cook, country hotel, $55; second
cooks, fryers and broilers, $40 to $70; second
hand on bread, $30 and found; bell boy, $17 50;
2 porters, $20 and $30; 20 kitchen hands, dish-
washers, vesetable men and others...".
C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
A MAN for private place to care for horses,
cows, garden, chickens, etc.. $30 and found:
stableman, country, Hvery stables. $30 and
found; milker, country. $30 and found; 2 farm
hands, see boss here, $26; laborers for sewer
work, $2 a day; driver for milk wagon, $30 and
found. W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay 8t.
ANDRE'S office, 316 Stockton st. — Gardener for
Jobbing, city, $25 to $30; dishwasher, coffee- '
house, $30; four men to make beds and help
waiting, institution, country, $25 and found:
tv»p waiters for .school, country, $25 and
found; waiter, plain hotel. $30; cook for re-
sort. -French preferred, $50, ..etc-
WANTED— By respectable young lady, partner
in old established and well paying cigar store;
best location; cheap rent; good chance for
suitable party; $130 required. Apply cigar
factory, 257 Fourth St., corner Folsom.
WANTED— A young man with $100 for a plain
light business that will pay him $65 a month;
experience not required; permanent place.
Apply 1016 Market st., room 10.
WANTED— Bright, active boy, aged about 15,
for errands and office work; good place for
reliable boy. "EASTMAN KODAK CO.. 643
Market st.
OLD-ESTABLISHED wholesale liquor house
requires the services of traveling salesman.
Full particulars to Box 1727, Call office.
INTELLIGENT BOY wanted f^>r tin and hard-
ware store; a good chance to learn the busi-
ness. Apply Box 1361. Call office.
WANTED— A competent cook who understands
German cooking; references required. Call
between 8 and 10 or 5 and 6 at 1640 Pine St.
WANTED— Bright boy about 15 years old for
general work in store. MARKS BROS. 1212
Market st.
BOY wanted at S. N. WOOD & CO.'S. Powell
and Eddy sts., San Francisco, Cal.
WANTED— Sober man with $75 can make $l£
$18 per week; no risk. 78 Third st.. room 2.
SHOE cutters wanted by BUCKINGHAM 7 "*
HECHT. Twenty-sixth and-- Valencia sts.
BOY wanted in tailor store. 106 Stockton st v .
FIRST-CLASS presser wanted on ladles' gar-
ments. Apply 22 Grant ave.
WANTED— Good barber for Wednesday, Satur-
day and Sunday. Apply 513 Montgomery av.
BOY wanted. H. A. ROSENBAUM, Union
Square Market. ,\u25a0 ,
WANTED— Experienced grocery clerk. '807
Mission st. ' • / -
FIRST-CLASS coatmaker to work inside by
week. Rosenblum & Abraham, 1103 Market st.
A YOUNG man to drive butcher wagon; West-
ern Addition preferred. 1612 Post st.
RANCH foreman wanted; single man- wages
$40; reference. . Address Box 1488. Call office.
GOOD shoemaker for repairing at 3JJ% Clay st.'
WANTED— Plumbers' helper or boy this morn-
lng.. 3271 Mission et. . . -
SEVERAL good agents; good proposition. Ap-
\u25a0 ply Royal Port Co.. 143 Seventh st.
BOOTBLACK and barber . shop. 323 Devisa-
dero st, between. Page and Oak. • •
WANTED— 8 good teamsters; steady workl
Apply to J. O'SHEA, 2030 Seventeenth st.
corner Vermont.
GOOD barber wanted; steady. '1207 Scott st.
GOOD short -order cook; $S per week. -126
Ninth st. . %
WANTED— Bright boy about 15. DANZIGER~
237 Powell st. . '
FIRST-CLASS ladles' tailor wanted. BOW-
HAY. 508 Sutter st. . ayJW ~
DISHWASHER wanted. , 631 Clay st.
BOY wanted at 11 O'Farrell at
STEADY employment five families In co-ODer-
atlve colony. Santa Cruz .Mountains, is East
BRIGHT boy in wholesale house. AddresT
giving references, box 1965. Call of flceT
A GOOD waiter wanted. 134 .Third st
PIANO salesman; must have good reference"
Apply Glrard Piano, Company. X^klandf cIk
WANTED— Reliable young man with Bom»
cash; $13 to $15 week; no experience- • itSSl
place. 1221 Market St., room \ ' upstairs. .
BOY- to work in tailor's store and do errands :
b^7g p c^^: own : wming - ™*™
FI o?lnt: C^A S N S Z fG a E^ SMf^^g
FIRST-CLASS ladies 1 tailor wanted for the
country. Apply STEIN. SIMON & CO.
WANTED-Bakers on bread and cakes, ill La r -
BOY wanted; wages $3 50 per week. Apply
drug store, corner Geary and Octavla sts.
BQY wanted. ,341 Hayes st.
ALL, slzes_men's shoes, slightly damaged half
price. -563 Mission st.. bet. 1st and Zd 1 sts.
1000 MEN wanted-Rock drillers, tunnel brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mininc On
near Weaverville. Trinity Co.. Caf; app^ou
work; steady work, good board and beat
wages instate. San Francisco Construction
'Co.. KMontsomeorEC^amE, San Fra£
Cisco*-- vai. ' . . .
EDCCAT'OSAL — -Conttnnea. *
BOOKKEEPING, figures; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott building.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only *60. San'Fran-
clsco Business. Col! ege. 1236 Market st:
Leo Cooper's School of Acting, S14 Geary St.;
day and 'even, classes; send for new, circular.
ENGLISH, Latin, Mathematics. Literature a i
specialty. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
SPANISH, French, etc.Prof . DeFilippe' s Academy
otLanguages. 320 Post ; estab' d 1S71 ; ablest profs
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th—
Pitman shorthand, typing.- bookkeeping, $C mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS, piano, mandolin, guitar
lessons, ,50c; piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
VAUDEVILLE School o* Acting-^-Puplls pre-
pared for the stage. 125 Mason St. -j~. .
PROF. L.MERKI, experienced teacher; violin,
mandolin, guitar; juvenile class. 1008' Mission.-
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION— night . class. 424 Pine st.
HEALD'S Business College, 24-Post St., S. F.;
' founded 1863; new-' 80-page catalogut free. | .
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc. : day or eve. ; $5 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE help of. all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds of
help furnished. 439 Bush st. ; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush, st.; tel. Bush 516.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
: nese help.' 426 Powell, nr. Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
EMPLO VljlEST WASTKU K12MALU.
A POSITION as housekeeper;, city or country;
no objection to one or 'two children. Address
box 1724. Call office. '
SITUATION as marker or sorter in a laundry
by a young lady ; experienced. .10 Redwood
court. - . - : ..-..» .
YOUNG girl wiihes situation to do general
housework; good references. 635 Natoma st.
DRESSMAKER wishes sewing in families;
termB reasonable. ' Apply 860 McAllister st.
DRESSMAKER wishes engagement by the day.
Address A. B., box 1701, Call. :
GIRL wants a position doing general house-
work. Address 322 Fremont st.
RELIABLE woman wishes position to do
housework for elderly man and wife; object
good : home. Address 339 Sixth. St., flat 2.
AN honest lady wishes work by the day; house-
cleaning. • 221 Fifth st.
DRESSMAKER; thoroughly competent; perfec-
tion in fitting and trimming; costumes remod-
eled latest styles; price moderate - per day.
Address J. P., modiste, 1024% Larkin st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day; good laun-
dress; $1 10; no postals. 605 Minna st.
SITUATION. wanted for general housework; a
good cook. 204. Van Ness ave. •
NORWEGIAN girl wants to do housework In
Email family. 73 Thirteenth et.
WOMAN, strong and quick, wants work by
the day. Box 1954, Call office.
SITUATION wanted, as cook In American
family. 37 Ivy ave.
FRENCH young lady with best education
wishes a position in a good family to give
lessons to children. Address E. M., S14 Jack-
son st. .
MIDDLE-AGED woman would like to go out
a few hours a day; housework. Address 354
Grove St., near Gough.
RESPECTABLE woman as nurse by the week
or month; would care for invalid; good ref-
erences. Call before 8 p. m., 828 Geary st.
SITUATION wanted by good woman in small
American family. Call 1309 Laguna st. ; no
postals answered.
SWEDISH girl; excellent cook; In small fam-
ily; wages $30. Call. 1162 McAllister st.
COLORED woman wants any kind of work;
day or week. Address 418 Natoma' St., near
Fiith.
REFINED English lady wishes position as
housekeeper, companion or seamstress; ref-
erences. Box 1444, Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms ; 25c to $1 50 per night ; *1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free
i 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
EUbscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED—MALE.
MIDDLE-AGED man wishes position in private
family; take care of horses and be generally
useful; good worker; good home more object
than salary. J Box 1462, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS coachman and valet; single;
neat appearance; sober; uses no tobacco; ex-
pert horseman and driver; best ref. and per-
sonal from last employer. Box 1431, Call.
A GERMAN man and wife without children,
. reliable, desire to take charge of country
place. Box 1721. Call office.
A YOUNG colored student desires situation to
care for horses where chance can be had of
attending night school. Box 1702. Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED man of family, position, as-
sistant bookkeeper, shipping clerk, collector,
cashier: anything.- Address Steady, box 1728,
Call office. \u25a0 -
BRIGHT, ambitious young man (21) from the
East seeks position of any kind, clerical work
preferred; thorough double-entry bookkeeper
and office assistant; best references. Address
Y. M.. box 1480. Call office. *
YOUNG man of ability, age 22. wishes to
study under good lawyer; willing to work.
Box 1461. Call office. .»,
POSITION wanted as watchman by . trust-
worthy man. Address A. H.". 2993 Folsom st.
WANTED— To do some painting or paper
hanging in city or country. Box 13S9, Call.
A -YOUNG man would like light work in the
city or country for his board and room. Box
1732, Call office. '
YOUNG man; 22; good appearance; wants posi-
tion at anything; • references. Box 1730, Call.
GOOD, reliable man wishes work; city or coun-
try; handy with tools; good porter and bed-
maker; handy at anything. L. OLSEN, 631
i Sacramento st.
YOUNG man; German; 29; speaks and writes
English; 'wishes position driving delivery
wagon or any kind of position; Al refer-
.ences. Box 1960, Call office. •
POSITION in wholesale liquor or grocery busi-
ness as salesman; experienced either in city
or on the road. Box 1373. Call, of flee. .;.;•;>
MAN familiar with the city will drive and
care for one or two horses. Box 1964, , Call.
POSITION wanted by thoroughly reliable Scan-
dinavian on city or country • place as coach-
\u25a0 man, gardener and general utility man; can
' milk and understands his business thorough-
ly; references. , Address box 1464, Call office.
POSITION In first-class grocery store as sales-
/ man' or buyer j this State or Arizona; by ex-
perienced . man; no tending bar; "references.
Box 1632. Call office. .-\u25a0' \u25a0- -\u25a0...\u25a0
MARRIED man would take charge of ranch
or ' Tent • on shares; stock ranch preferred;
have had experience. Address. box 1328, Call.
POSITION In wholesale liquor or grocery busi-
ness . as salesman; experienced either in city
or on the road. Box 1373, Call office. .
A YOUNG mani good habits,' seeks position as.
bookkeeper or office work of any kind; good
references. Box 1482, \u25a0 Call office. ..-. .-\u25a0• \u25a0
A ' STRONG reliable young man with sev-
eral years' experience in . liquor work wants
position In any capacity In liquor or wine
house; can do barrel repairing; good- refer-
ences. Box 1113, Call office. v- , . '\u25a0\u25a0'\u25a0'
POSITION, wapted as electrician and engineer;
would like to take, charge- of small plant In
, country ; speaks English, Spanish and Ger-
man. Box 1451, Call office..
MIDDLE-AGED man, handy with all, kinds of
| tools, wants steady , work, any place or. in
factory or wholesale ': house or as watchman;
, Al references. ; M. ; L.i719V4 Bush st. •
A MIDDLE-AGED man, ; well educated, desires
: position us porter in some wholesale commis-
; sion house. Address H. SCHROEDER, : 2269
\u25a0• Geary -st. \u25a0",-:..'• '. . .--•\u25a0-. -\u25a0"* \u25a0\u25a0 \u25a0 •- : \u25a0
ENGINEER well up in the Ice machine busl-
ness, electric light and power, with 26 years'
experience, wants position; , Al . references.
Address box 1238. Call office. \u25a0 \u25a0 : - \u25a0 . \u25a0
MAN with .wife and 2 children from the East
..would like to find . employment for himself
on a ranch; also. for: his wife at same place.
: - Address A. E. CRAIG. v Montlcello, Cal. ...
• AN | experienced storekeeper arjd wine cellar
man., married, desires steady position In club
or hotel; strictly -temperate. Box 1438, Call.
\u25a0 YOUNG man desires v office position ; highest
California references. Box 1436, Call office.
GARDENER, German, wants situation; compe-
tent . in all branches of gardening; long ex-
\u25a0 \u25a0 perlence.; Address R... box 1433, Call office.
ANY - respectable • work | by 3 ambitious • and in-
telligent young \u25a0; man;: can^ furnish good refer-
ences. M. W., box 1435, ; Carl, office. ,
• AN elderly man wishes a position to take care
of horses or garden; good driver. 613-Mont-
. gomery st. • . \- \u25a0 • \u25a0 ' \u25a0\u25a0 .: . \
BUSINESS CHAXCES— Continued.
GROCERY and bar In ths Mission...:...... $650
Grocery, notion and stationery store 250
Grocery; snap; invoice $700; must go...'. .". , 350
Grocery, delicacy, branch bakery; rent $25 325
Notion, stationery, candy bakery; rent $15 ,250
General store, up country; 80c on dollar.. 4500
If you want a snap we have them. .
DECK & CO., 927 Market St.. room 203.
WANTED— Man with $300 in office business;
experience not necessary. DECK.* S27 Mar-
ket St., room 2CS. ; \u25a0 \u25a0\u25a0
$700, WITH services, secures a trustworthy
man half interest in retail tea ,and coffee
business about to be opened In this city; $20
weekly salary and share of the profits; form-
er experience not essential. Address "Big
Profits," box 1961, Call office. \u25a0 [
FOR sale— Restaurant; seats 96; receipts $30 to
$15 day; fixtures cost $500; price, all for $200
to spot cash party; no agents.' Apply to H. •
A. SMITH, sixth floor of Smith's Cash Store,
25 Market St., San Francisco. \u25a0•
ROOMING and boarding houses, hotels, flats,
stores and business places of every description
sold snd exchanged. McBRIDE & CO., 993
Market st. ; ' phone Folsom 450.
$200— PARTNER; commision business; clears $75
month to each. STRAND & CO.. 209 Kearny. j
A— DELICACY store in first-class running or-
i der; snap. MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market.
GROCERY and bar. 3 living rooms; tears full
investigation. Call at 935 Market, room 14.
CIGAR store, very good corner, at a bargain.
Call at 935 MArket St., room 14. '\u25a0. '
FOR sale — Laundry route, with horse ] and
wagon; $150. 3372 Mission St.
$73— CIGAR store for sale; must leave for Ore-
gon to-night. 245 Third st.
CORNER grocery and liquor store; fine stock;
4 lirtng- rooms;' furnished. Box 1362, Call.
COAL and wood yard for sale. Apply 623
Halght st. . \u25a0_ _
FOR exchange — A full-rigged topmast schooner,
A No. 1; now earning $2C0 net per month; al-
ways in demand. Address K. W., postoffice
box 364, Alameda.
RESTAURANT, 410 Kearny, for half its value
to-day.
FIRST-CLASS saloon with grocery;' on account
of death. Inquire at 1697 Folsom st.
DRUQGISTS— Unusual 'opportunity to buy up-
to-date paying drug business in large lntericr
! city; about $2500 required.. Particulars by
. addressing box 1633. Call office.
FOR sale — One- of the best transient corner sa-
loons in city: .established 20 years; with 44
newly furnished rooms; will Bell together or
separate; price $5000. Box 14CS, Call office.
SALOON; first class; near, theater; small ex-
penses; large receipts; good reason for sell-
ing on account of other bu0ness. 325 Taylor.
GOLDEN opportunity to establish business;
will sell or rent. Owner, 454 34th St., Oakland.
BRANCH bakery, candy and dairy produce on
account of sickness. IMS Devisadero st.
INTEREST in a meritorious invention. See
working model at 3673 Eighteenth st.
HAIR dressing parlors;" well located; parties
leaving. SALSBURY. <59 Ninth St.. Oakland.
$250— RESTAURANT; cost $1000; rent $30; sound
value. D. McRae Furniture Co., 837 Mission.
$40— RESTAURANT and coffee saloon to-day;
secure it. Apply furniture store, 837 Mission.
SALOON for sale, opposite the ferry. Apply
111 East et.. north of Market.
. LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
ALL* BARGAINS— CALL FOR LIST.
50 rooms; new; payments $9000
140-room hotel; clears $600 10,000
33 rooms: transient: clears $250 2000
8 rooms; on Mission 275
9 rooms; fine corner 325
24 rooms; the best 3000
12 rooms; large yard 1500
40 rooms: boarding 4500
17 rooms; fine corner 1350
60 rooms: apartment house 4200
7-room flat on McAllister st 223
• MONEY TO LOAN ON ANY HOUSE.
8 moms; fine yard 350
10-room house: fine location 425
24 rooms; on Geary st 1900
ICO rooms; clears $350; payments to suit... 6000
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
8 rooms; flat; near City Hall 350
18 rcoms; on Sixth st.;. clears $80 800
24 rooms; on Market st.; clears $150 ltiOO
10 rooms; on Mason st. ; new 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $25U 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments.... 1250
• ABSTRACTS FREE WITH EVERY HOUSE.
FRENCH SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market: tel. Mint 796.
Al TRANSIT HOUSE. ~~ ~
Good corner; money maker for right party;
don't fall to see this bargain; easy payments.
RETSLOFF. 906 Market st.
A FEW SAMPLES OF OUR LARGE LIST: .
Any of the following on monthly payments:
11 rooms on Ellis; a bargain ...." $325
17 rooms; $250 can remain; clears $S5 500
33 rooms; grand transient location; clears
$200 3500
25 rooms; good location; clears $150. ....... 1200
20 rooms; best In the city 2300
13 rooms; fine furniture 1050
21 rooms; corner; part cash 1500
25 rooms; piano; clears $>>; payments 400
93 rooms; grand corner; clears $600 5950
42 rooms; cost $12,000 to furnish.. 7000
6 rooms; $125 cash, balance payments.... 350 1
40 rooms; always rented; sacrifice 1250
CALL. WE CAN SUIT YOU.
18 rooms; respectable; clears $90 1500
110 rooms; modern; hotel; clears $600. 10,000
20 rooms; good location; money-maker.... 759
MONEY LOANED PHONE JOHN 531
• A. H. RETSLOFF. 906 Market Bt.
THE DONALD INVESTMENT CO.,
65(J Market st Tel. Davis 2S1
WE HAVE NEW 45-ROOM HOUSE. WE
FURNISH TO YOUR ORDER. WE WILL
SELL IT TO YOU AT YOUR OWN PRICE-
PART CASH.
36 rooms; good income $2,600
18 rooms; Folsom st- 750
17 rooms; good transient location 1,500
15 rooms; Van Ness; good furn 1,400
6 rooms; fine furn.; a nice home 700
8 rooms; a bargain 650
13 rooms; good; new; clean 1,500
16 rooms; line condition; all rented...... 1,600
19 rooms; modern house; fine furn 2,500
21 rooms; well furn.; good income 2,600
18 rooms; good location; pays well...... 1,500
6 rooms; good furn. and carpets 500
100 rooms; elev.; furn. and carpets new.. 10,000
40 rooms; new furn. and carpets; lease.. 5,000
AT once— Lady with few hundred dollars to
manage Al rooming-house with boarders.
PONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
A. CAMERON & CO., ~ " ~~
SoO Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
See our list of bargains.
75 r. ; rent $175; Al loc. ; carp., fur.; full. .$5500
38 r. ;. rent $100; hotel'and bar; 30 board's. 2500
26 r. ; rent $75; Market; well fur.; pays.. 1000
14 r.; rent $60; good furn., inc $105 1000
10 r.; rent $25; cor.; fine flat; pays well.. 475
8 r. ; rent $35; water free; good home.... 300
7 r.; rent $35; Ellis; modern flat 500
5 r.; rent $35; fine little flat 275
Flats, 3 to 14 rooms. $150 to $1000
Prl\ - ate residences, 7 to 28 r., $250 to $3000.
NEW HOUSES JUST LISTED— j
17 rooms; rent $50; clears $55; only. J1C00
19 rooms; rent $55; lease; part cash 1600
32-roQms; rent $100; elegant place 3150
3a rooms; must sell; make offer 1000
41 rooms; rent $87; money-maker :... 2200
24 rooms; rent $65; part cash 1000
27 rooms; business corner; cheap rent 1S00
28 rooms; rent $50; clears $100 900
40 rooms: cheap rent; north of Market.... 3s00
120 rooms: rent S110; profits $1600 yearly... 3500
WINSTON &, WOLF, 1026 Market Et.
MARION GRIFFIN, 719 Market St., rms. 1, 2.
Tel. Black l-S-O-S; office near Call bldg.
He has 4 salesmen. Business is booming. .
- He has 3 ladies canvassing for lodging-houses
Get his free list of 541 lodging-houses.
He has money to loan; payable monthly or
yearly. Itemized inventory with every house.
A CLEAR TITLE OR NO SALE.
Several good city and country, hotels. ?
Houses, prices and terms to suit all buyers.
A— 10 ROOMS; Ellis st.; rent $32 50; only.. .$300
16 rooms; g<v>d furniture, carpets; only..-.. 725
16 rooms; Leavenworth; good carpets; fur.' 700
12 rooms; Market st. ; rent $40; good house 550
Many more bargains; get our list first.' - \u25a0
• MITCHELL & CO., 1206 Market st.
A— NOTICE— We have rooming-houses, all sizes
and prices. In all Darts of the city: -get our
list first. MITCHELL & CO.. 1206 Market st.
FOR Eale at great bargain, price $1400, 37-room
house on Market st. ; rent $50; must be sold
at once. McBRIDE & CO.. 993. Market st.
\u25a0 $900 — 14-ROOM house, a bargain: half 'cash,
balance to suit purchaser. McBRIDE & CO.,
993 Market Bt. '. \u25a0
FOR Sale— At a great sacrifice a 100-roomed
house paying $150 per month; rent $65; price
*1500. 993 Market Et. McBRIDE & CO.
23 ROOMS; clears $65; rent $65 950
9 rooms; rent $20; clears $30..... '225
20 rooms; rent $50; water free .700
14 rooms; rent $25: snap; south .: 350
,15 rooms; north Market; rent $75 1050
44 rooms; 8 front rooms and good location. 2030
We have other snaps besides these.
DECK & CO.. 927 Market St., room 208..
THE largest and best - list of lodging-houses,
hotels and business chances can be found at
the office of FISHER & CO., 935 Market st.;
phone Folsom. 1592.
BUYERS— Before buying a. house go to .
G. W. SCHWEINHARD, \u25a0 .
Phone Mint 1911. 917 Market st.. opp. Mason.
He can suit- you in. houses- and prices. • - .
A-LODGING-HOUSE wanted; 50 rooms; no ob-
jection to transient; no agents. Box 1384, Call.
$700— BAY-WINDOW house; 18 rooms: 3 baths;
rent t44; modern-; always full. Box 1427, Call.
HOUSE of 9 rooms, furnished. Apply 242 Sixth
street. *\u25a0.. . ' . \u25a0
' ' .-. COTTAGES TO LET. -
$14— LOVELY I sunny cottage. 637 Doloi cs St.,
below Twentieth; 2 yards ;: water. ' ».\u25a0•,.
HELP WANTED— MALE— Con.
BARBER, first class." to take half lntersst free-
in a good shop. 7C5 Fourth St., San Rafael.
Cal. .
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larsa
rooms ; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; only eight weeks
required; tools donated: positions guaranteeii;
catalogue free. MOLER BARBER COL-
LEGE. 635 Clay St. -. ' \u25a0
COAT, vest and pants makers wanted, apply
11 a m Stevenson st. entrance. CUAKLKd
LYONS.' London Tailor. 721 Market st. ,
EARNEST young man willing to work hla
way through business college. Apply Cali-
fornia Business College. 305 Larkin st.
YOUNG man to take out orders and care of
horses, butcher shop. 1193 McAllister st.
A COAT maker for the country. Apply REIS3
BROS., 24 Sutter st. " \u25a0
BOY wanted for office: 17 to 13 years old; muot
live at home Address S. S.. Call office.
WANTED— First-class leather burner. Apply
between 8 and 11 a. m. HALE BKQS.
WANTED— Domestic salesman; state age. ex-
perience and salary expected. Box 1U4. Call.
YOUNG man; tinshop; learn trade. Apply. 7 to
»; age 16 years. 133 Mission St.
WANTED— Drapery and domestic salesman.
Apply bet. 8 and 11 a. m.. HALE BROS.
YOUNG man p.bout 13, anxious to learn candy
making. 533 Washington St. \u25a0\u25a0
WANTED— Iron molders and machinists, at\
505 Mission st. - \u25a0"*
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit. 1731
T"o!scm st.
GET your shoes half-soled while watting: 23o
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 3d sts. .
YOUNG men to learn barber trade; catalogue
mailed. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard.
PENSION atty.. E. A. Bullls, r. 40, Phelan
big. Past com. Geo. H. Thomas Post, G. A. R.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms. 25c night; reading rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry. . - -
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1C96
Valencia st. .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2300 Fillmore st.
HORSES AXD WACOX9. .
FOR Sale— Team of horses, harness and bakery
wagon, formerly owned by Vienna bakery;
will be sold for the amount of board due.
$135. Apply Bay City Stables. 1715 Sacramento.
A HUNDRED head of well broke German
army horses, suitable for -all business pur-
poses, Just arrived. JOHN H. HALTON. at
Chase & Co.'s sales yard. 1732 Market st.
DO not fall to attend the sifeclal auction sale
Wednesday, October 23. at' 11 a. m.y at tha
Arcade Horse Market. 327 Sixth »t. ' JOHN
J. DOYLE. Auctioneer. .
ONE 1-horse truck, one 4-ton express wagon,
one gurney; all second-hand; one second-hand v
trap. CARVILL MFG. CO.. 43 Eighth st. '
WANTED— Horse, buggy and harness for
board and care: good care given. ' Address
C. H. P.. 311 Fulton st. \u25a0 -
FOR sale— Good, strong wagon \u25a0 horse : works
single, double or in saddle. 1633 Ellis st.
VERY stylish bay carriage team; seventeen
S hands; sound, gentle. E. S., 721 Howard st.
ONE second-hand delivery wagon; also busi-
ness buggy. 1370 Turk st.
A BARGAIN In good carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 <*? G. ave.
CHEAP— New panel body delivery, 1 laundry, 1
baker's, 1 shoe, I grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, -harness,
etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, stngle: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap. 532 Mission.
\u25a0 bj HO S PIT ALS.
MENTAL and nervous diseases cared for at ST.
ELMO HOSPITAL. 230 Douglass St.. 3. F.
HOUSES TO LET.
A — PRINTED list houses to let; send for cir-
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery.
CLAY 1243— Upper part of house to let; suit*-,
ble for small family. \u25a0
$18 -6-ROOMS; near Powell and Washington.
or will sell; $500 cash, balance $25 per month.
THE MCCARTHY CO.. 646 Market st.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
$100— MAGNIFICENT 10-room newly furnished
home for renti all Improvements; electric
lights; furnace? two bathrooms, etc; Presi-
dio Heights; marine view. Box 1607. Call.
CLAY, 3710 — Furnished house of 8. rooms and
bath; billiard table and Stelnway grand
piano; marine view; rent $70 per month.
HOUSES WASTED.
BY permanent tenant, 6 or 7 room house or
flat, with yard, north of McAllister. Wrlt»
to M. E. B.. 32A Belvedere at.
LOST AND FOOD.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ARMIN B. LEUPOLD; No. 209-197.
The finder will please return to bank.'
LOST— On Folsom. street car, S. F., 8 p. m.
Sunday, ' telescope containing purse and
ladles' apparel. Return to 272 Thirteenth st.,
Oakland; rewani.
LOST— Scotch collie dog. Return to 2326 »FoN
som st., and receive reward. • \u25a0
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of FRANK M. GLOSEMKYER; No.
256- 284. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A passbook with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of MRS. LAURA ELLA BAILEY; No.
92,791. The finder will please return to bank.
IT. will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter St.. needs old
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL. ~
GENTLEMAN, 22, nice looking, some property,
good salary, desires to meet young lady of It
or 17, brunette, must be neat and of domestic
disposition. Protestant pref. ;, loving and. true
husband right party. Sincere, box 1460, Call.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS. *
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al caiuet. cleaning; honest work guar-
• anteed. HOPKE BROS., 411 to 415 Powell St.:
tel. Bush 421. .
MEDICAL^ — "
DR. O'DONNELL-AH who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the specialist. My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands: the unfortunate helped; relief In all
cases taken; the most obstinate cases have
been relieved by my medical treatment; fres
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature; all classes of female complaint*
treated: relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL. 1013 Market St.. opp* Fifth.
A— Mrs. Sweet, graduate Royal University, Ber-
lin; 25 years' experience in midwifery cases:
utmost confidence can be placed in her: takes
& treats ladies before & during confinement:
best care, attention; confinement $15; board $4
week: Infants adopted. 3S27 ISth St.; Mission- '
st. cars: consultation freer phone Capp 2803.
MRS. D. WYETH and Mrs. Kohl, reliable
ladles,' specialists for female complaints; In-
stant relief guaranteed; 30 years' experience;
private home before and during confinement.
410 O'Farrell st.. near Taylor; hours 9 to 5.
DR and MRS. GOODWIN, expert specialists:
well known and reliable; 23 years' practice In
S. F. ; maternity home; fee low. 906 Market.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment: maternity home: horns
In confinement. 1126 Market st.. 9. F.
MRS. D. ALLEN, HIS Market-Reliable la-
dies' specialist; a prlv. home before and dur-
lng confinement; best medical care: low fees.
THE original MRS. DA VIES 13 still located at
1223 Market; maternity home provided; offlco
hours 10 a.- m. to 4 p. m. and 6 to 3:30 p. m.
DR. NG TOY KEK 218 Stockton St.. opp.
Union square: all diseases cured hv hi»rh*.
'. '\u25a0 MILLINERY.
STRIKING original designs, becoming effecte.*
new or old material. M. Oliver. 973A Geary.
3V£ : _
TO MONTEZUMA stockholders— Wanted to
borrow $750 on 15.000 shares of Montezuma
stock, at 1 per cent a month. - - Address box
1963. Call office.
'M1SCELLAXEOUS— FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 135-197 Fremont st.
BARS, baek bars, mirrors, restaurant anil po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum.' new and
second hand; we always have a large stock of
caloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outnts on .
one floor, ready made-: we can ship everything
in 24: hours. J. NOON AN. 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023 .
Mission st.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.'.)
_ . — . — ; — - — TTii
GOOD firewood for sale- cheap. Rlsdoa Iflan
Works, cor. Howard and Beale st*.' SALT LAKE, Utah, : Oct. . 28.— The an
nual meeting. of the Rio i Grande Western
Railway, took place In this 'city to-day.
Contrary, to . expectations no * resident di
rector-was elected, the only .change -in
last-year's board being the sobstltution of
theiname of-Russell Harding, third vice
president and . general : manager of the
Missouri Pacific, for that of Louis Fitz
gerald. -.The -names of the board of di
rectors for. the ensuing -year are: George
J. Gould,- Frank J. Gould. Howard Gould,
R. . M. Gallaway. ; E. '\u25a0 H. Harriman, Wins
low S. Pierce, Russell. Harding, Jacob H.
Schiff ; and E: T. Jeffery. . ; - . \u25a0 •
"No I Change in Management of ! Road
, n PALACE
Dr and Mrs A Hoff- |
man. Syracuse. N Y
Miss K Whiteley.Mich
Mrs A E Brown, Mich
Mrs F L Williams, la
Mrs G Phillips, Boston
K C Atwood & w. N Y
O B Mltchave. USA
G G , Ayer, Chicago —
A F Stoeger, Chicago
H A Koehler, Chicago
J H Henry & w. Neb
Frank Short. Fresno
E S Degllyer, Denver
F 8 Whedon, N Y
W H Mason, Cal,
Mra L W • Howe, . -
Johneville
Mrs E W Perkins
T E Cryder, N Y x
H B Ellis, Los An
J Poulson, Portland
E T Parke, Portland
E M Valentine. Chi
XV E Bonnrau. Ens
R E Carbeueau & w,
. Dawson
A. Smith, , NY,
D M Boyd, Salt Lake
C J Titus. Cal g
Thos Flint. San Juan
M V Hartrauth, L An;
W D Baldwin, N Y |
J H Glide & w. Cacto
C Stein,' Chicago
Lieut Preston Brown,
-USA
C M Sain; Reno, Nev
Capt and Mrs. W M
Wright, U S A
; . NEW WEST!
A R Bacon, Wash. DC
H B Clifton. Wash.DC
E Lamb, St Louis, I Mo
Mlsa A Aurilius, Or : .
Chas Essex Jr, Sta Rsa
D C Hubbard. Merced
E Tuttle, Seattle. Wash
E H Haveford, N Y
Geo A Whlteside, Cal
John Lindley, Bkrsfleld
fe : GRAND
D L Bradman. Cal \u25a0
Rev Sloan, Salt Lake
M O'Connell. Cal
J Simons, Los Ansr .
C F Carver, Chicago
E E Nash, Ohio
G H Sargent, Chicago
C A Crawford, Chgo
C T Ramsden, Ens
W H Dana. Cal
. W . Blanchard &• w, • j
Boston *
Mrs smith, San Jose
Miss Warfield, San Jse
G Johnson. U S N
L P Fleishman. Reno
AW Keck; Kas City
G W Koenig, Boston
G W Fry, Rochestr Pa
C H Kirchner, N Y •
J E Whissen, L A
T M Fisher, Seattle
Dr S A Wright, Minn
"W R Simons. Pasadna
W D 3?enton, Portlnd
S M Hauptman, Or
F A Hamilton. Wash
C N Van Arsdale, Cal
F C Allen & w, Sacto
H Tuggy, Alameda
Gus Bassett, Milwauke
E W Blades. Chicago
E W Roberts & w, NY
Mrs E M Boyd, Honolu
D J McFall. .Nev City
T S Morrison. NY
G W Hull, Jerome. AT
L A Blaslngame & w,
Fresno • >'
Geo Gorham,' Sacto
HOTEL AERIVALS.
HOTEL.
J B Dill & 'w. Sn Jose
L M Hansen, Pasadena
Mrs L M Hansen,
.Pasadena
J T Gilardlnz & w.
Renresa
J C Cordaz & w,
Hanford
L C Cordaz, Hanford
J M McFarland, Gait
0 E Heints. Portland
T D Petch,- Eureka
G H Anderson, Sn Jose
W F Freeman, N Y
H L Hill, Sacramento -
T W Bucklane, Cal
R B Brown. Cal I •
Mrs S W Clawson &
son, Bisbee, Ariz
Mrs E Duggan.* Can
Miss E F Duggan. Can
G B Snell, Los Angeles
L P Poundstone. Cal
J J Fenge, New York
E A de Hayen&w, Cal
H Thorp, Sacramento
C E Phi^DS. Sacto
J P Myers&w, Sn Juan
Mrs I Robinson, Iowa
Miss E O Robinson, la
Miss A Robinson, la
Miss R Robinson, la
W F Adams, Salt Lke
Miss S I McConnell. Ill
Mrs M B McConnell.IH
1 S Hill&w. Sta Paula
L L McCoy & w. Cal
H C Hushes. Rd Bluff
C C Caney, Montana ;
HOTEL.
ICapt P E Plerce.U S A
I A Jorgensen & w, Cal
Chas Phillips. Chicago
Lieut Preston Brown,
USA - ,
C M Sain. Reno, Nev
Capt and Mrs W M
Wright. US A '
Capt P E Pierce. U S A
A Jorgensen & w, Cal
Chas Phillips. Chicago
Gen J B Frlsble & w,
- Mexico
Mrs F F de Sequlra,
Mexico S \u25a0
Ml3s Juano de Sequlra,
Mexico
Mrs Geo S Nixon, Nev
C Reisa, Los Angeles
A H Merrltt, U S'-A
Miss Evans, Wash, DC
J P Smith, LIvermore
C B DeWes, Sacto
A B:McCreey. Cal
C B KauKman - & w,
San Rafael
S L' Hellman. Ky
E A Stuart, Seattle
Mr and Mrs W B Peck,
New York . .
C • Betterman, Chicago
Mr and Mrs D Som
mers. St Louis . ,
WE Gerber, .Sacto
F W Foster, 'N-Y
A E Fearly, England
S A Norton. NT
E V Kamchinski. N Y
L Brauge & w. NY
Miss Brauge. NY'
ERN HOTEL. .
C Johnson. San Lornzo
W: C Carlton. Sonora
Hugh Sparks. U S A I
J M Blaney. New York
Thos A Holland, Ukiah
M. Wlener&w, <\u25a0 Sn ' Jose
B ' J Gibson. Merced
E . Baker. Ks , City, Mo
Jaa F McCory&w, Ind
TOPEKA, Kans., Oct. 28.— Hugh Wal
lace, aged 35 years, was shot and fatally
wounded by his aged father to-day. The
elder Wallace went to Oklahoma at the
time of the opening and persuaded his
son to go down and try for a claim. Not
drawing any, young- Wallace returned to
Topeka after spending quite a sum of
money. This caused bad feeling between
the men and the tragedy resulted.
Aged Father Shoots His Son.
The only reference of general Interest
was the promise that measures should
shortly be submittted to finally complete
the reform of the-currency.
BUDAPEST, Oct. 28.— "A close under
standing with the allies of the empire
and : continued ' friendly relations with all
the powers, permits us to hope that Piov
idence will not deprive U3 of the blessings
of peace."
"With the exception of remarks regard
ing commercial treaties, ' the above con
stituted. Emperor .Francis Joseph's sola
reference to international affairs when he
personally opened the newly elected Hun
garian Diet to-day. The speech from the
throne dwelt upon the necessity for com
prehensive legislation in all fields, in or
der to raise the standard cf intellectual
and material development, and for a per
manent settlement on a reciprocal basis
of .the economic questions pending in dif
ferent parts of the monarchy.
"With a view to the preparation of in
ternational commercial treaties, •which
are of decisive importance to the whale
economic system," said the Emperor, "a
rearrangement of the general customs
tariff on the lines of the law of lSs9,
Is above all necessary, extending: equal
and harmonious protection to every
branch of production and agricultural
and Industrial Interest?." »
Hopes for the Continuance of
the Great Blessings of
Peace.
Francis • Joseph Briefly
Refers to Interna
tional Affairs.
EMPEROR OPENS
HUNGARIAN DIET
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIJ,, TUESDAY v OCTOBER 29, 1901.
13
RfPTCRE SANITARIUM. _•
RUPTURE cured at Hunter's" Sanitarium. 1200
Market st; treatment free: the only invention
in the world that will not torture.
ALAMEDA' ADVERTISEMENT^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE. :
BARGAINS; improved & unimproved property
acquired by foreclosure; M cash. Bank of Ala.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
UERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
52000 — NEW 5 and 6 room cottages ' at [ Golden
Gate and Lorin and'Ashby stations; only' $ 200
down, balance $20 per month; one block to
train and electric cars; porcelain .bath, tiled-
sink, stationary tubs, coved • ceilings, tinted
walls, gas fixtures, sideboard, sewer - and
water all connected; ready to move into. \u25a0 .,-.
XV. C. MORAN & CO.
jlCO— LOT 20x127. \u25a0 . .
|200— Lot &0xl33. • ..1.'
1300— Lot 40x120; fenced and barn. • - -
?400— Lot 50x135; corner.
$500— Lot 50x135;: street work done.
J150 — Acre lots.
Send for maps of the Wheeler Tract; grand-
1 est view in Berkeley; street work all done;
will double inside of 2 years; prices range
from ?000 up. ,
fxv: C. MORAN & CO.
Lorin Station, and SchmlQt Block, Berkeley.
CHOICE BERKELEY PROPERTY.
A splendid corner lot for $40 per front foot;
also a fine Inside lot for $20 per foot; both lots
in the beautiful Scenic Park; convenient to
cars. and university.
MAT &. MORTIMER.
2123 Center St.,
•\u25a0 i Berkeley.
i- . \u25a0 =
BERKELEY HOUSES TO LET.
528— NICE furnished cottage, 7 rooms, stable.
N,W. cor. Grove and Blake sts., Berkeley.
OAKLAND AMERTISEMKNTS:
OFFICE— 1118 BHOADWAY:
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$1900— SACRIFICE for a quick sale; comforta-
ble modern Eastlake cattage with bath, dou-
ble bay-window, hall, high -basement and
brick foundation; lot 43x100 feet (note the
size); very sunny; half block from public
park; 3 minutes' walk from Clinton station;
very select residence location; neighborhood
and surroundings the very best; street work
complete and stone walks laid ; house alone
is insured for $1750; rents for $15 per month;
must bo. seen to' be appreciated; never before
offered for sale; a special bargain and will
stand a close Investigation.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
\u25a0 1008 Broadway. Oakland.
$375 CASH, $8 50 monthly; 3-room cottage; sta-
ble, barn, shed, chicken-houses; good well of
water; two-thirds acre, more or lest; all
i fenced; fine soil; no fogs nor cold winds;
some trees and shrubbery; adjoining East
Oakland: price' $850; over 300 chickens, 5
geese. 1? ducks, 24 pigs, horse, wagon and-
cow ; assorted family . orchard, all fenced ;
stock at a bargain; sse this at once; there's
: a fine living in it; call or send for circular.
435 Seventh st.. opposite Broadway station,
Oakland. H. Z. JONES, Land Owner.
FROM J100 to $oC0 down, balance about what
you are now paying for rent, will buy a good
modern cottage of 6 rooms, bathroom, laun-
dry. 6-foot basement: lot 50 feet front; street
work all done; owner is a non-resident and is
only here for one week to close this up; total
price only $1600; this is a* snap; close to San
Pablo ave. Call at the office and we will take
you out and show it to you! JAS. S. x NAI-
SMITH, 471 Twelfth St., bet. Broadway and
AVashineton.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to XV: E. BARNARD,
1118 Broadway: telephone Main 10w
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
TENTH. 572— Beautiful sunny rooms: excellent
home table: terms moderate: references.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the.
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
A— NOTHING like it; pleasant sunny - suite
with kitchen, all complete for housekeeping,
$20; other rooms reasonable. St. James, Mc-
Allister and Laguna sts. • • '
BUENA VISTA ave.. 449, overlooking Golden
Gate Park and ocean, near Masonic ave — 5
rooms, parlor floor; also 3 other rooms; pri-
vate house; furnished or unfurnished; stable.
CALIFORNIaT 1927— Sunny furnished house-
keeping rooms to let: gas and bath.-
CENTRAL ave.. 722, near McAllister— Three
furnished housekeeping rooms; sunny and
cheap; no children.
GOLDEN GATE AVE., 1404— Sunny ' front
room; separate kitchen; $11..
GOUGH, 115— Handsome sunny bay-window
room, gas stove, running water, bath, phone;
complete; $14.
EDDY. 743—2 sunny rooms for housekeeping;
private; phone.
EIGHTH, 112 — 5 large bay-window rooms;
sunny; for housekeeping; unfurnished.-*
FIFTH, 358— Furnished housekeeping; two, $12;
» three, $15; three, $16; also single, $4, $5 and up.
HOWARD, 1063 — 2 sunny connecting completely
furn. rms. : running- water, range, etc. ; $10.
HOWARD, 1063—2 sunny front completely furn.
bay-window rma.; elec. lights; range; others.
HYDE. 514 — A suite of newly furnished house-
keeping rooms; every convenience.
LANGTON, 256%— 3 sunny, nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family. , .,
MARKET. 107»— A suite of 3 rooms; suitable
for housekeeping; facing on Market st. ; also
one good-sized front room; suitable for light
business for lady or gentleman.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing and single rooms; cheap.
MISSION, 1125V4— Suite of housekeeping rooms;
$2 25. \u25a0
OAK, 119— Front room, small, suitable for two;
~~ furnished for light housekeeping; $6.
O'FARRELL, 917—3 connecting unfurnished
housekeeping rooms; use of laundry and yard.
PAGE, 113S — 2 unfurnished housekeeping rooms;
bath, closets, pantry, etc.; yard.
POLK, 1002 — 3 and \ 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping; cheap; reference.
STOCKTON, 1307— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; very cheap.
TEHAMA, 478, near Sixth— 2 sunny rooms for
light housekeeping; no children; $9.
VALENCIA, 128— Furnished rooms with kitchen;
private family; adults. •
WASHINGTON, 1220— Two or three sunny i
rooms; gas range.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia st. ' K
ROOMS TO LET— F urn, and Cnfnrn.
ARGYLE Hotel,' 234 McAllister— New, elegant,
sunny; grill attached; country visitors find no
place like the Argyle; take McAllister-st. cars.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 113 Sixth— Rooms,
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open' all night. ( '
AT' Shasta House, 246 Third— 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to .75c. $1 to $3 week. ' \u25a0
A SUNNY and singles, neat and clean,
bath, phone. Prices low. 332 Stockton. .
BURNETT, 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms;. prices reasonable.
EUGENE. 265 O'Farrell— New House, fireproof,
• new furniture: electric elevator; 25 private
suites with bath; baths free;' first-class.
FRANCISCO HOTEL-Elegant ' suites; single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk & Taylor.
GEARY, 403/ The Navarre — Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated. .
GEARY, 1017— To let, a sunny furnished room
suitable for a gentleman, in a private family.
GEARY, 1137 — Modern suite and sunny rooms;'
newly furnished. \u25a0"
GOUGH. 1613— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
with hot and cold water;, gas; bath.
HAIGHT, C32— Larse, sunny, well furnished
room: modern; runnlnsr water; gas;- bath.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
f.t., near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly .first-class;
50c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best in the city: references;
. take Market-s t. cable cars to Turk st.
HOTEL Las Palmas.. 1820 Market— Suite 2 or 3
rooms. ; bath ; board . optional ; single rooms.
LARKIN, -408 — Sunny front bay-window room;
private - house. ' \u25a0•\u25a0;\u25a0\u25a0-«. \u25a0-\u25a0 •--:-^ \u25a0 \u25a0..'\u25a0\u25a0.
H YDE; 808—2 sunny rooms in handsome prl*
, vate residence; gentlemen. ,-
MINNA, 607, "corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room; $1 per jveek; transient; .
NATOMA, 622— Two furnished rooms in private
family/. . \u25a0 - :.-. \u25a0? ,-;..-
NEW . ARLINGTON,^1015/ Market st.
7 !^55~ I -^^E2^r" F " OU S^E-^Con.
v JiETIIIING from business-We are relllng out
? f Ct - t ilctuie ». frames and moldings
1 aj^'JCUcn of half ott; must close out
everything by Nov. is. JOXES & CO.. 704
Lmi..iii at., near Ellis.
LOT tnachla* than tools, lathes, planer*, shap-
« '* c * also w "ood-woridnx tools, such aa
uana caws, wood planers, sa£j»ers, stickers,
niortUseri. «««. etc J. B. JAKDIN«. 220
Fremont «t.
A XEW cysteza of buying diamonds, watches,
sealEkinji. trunks, valises,' etc., its being in-
••tugarau-4 it the Portland Loan Office, Z.
fetctfktca kt. AU you need is a very . small
•depOHlt.
A — IJUYs$. £ell« or rents pear, machinery, en-
sines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulley*
etc. W1HTELAW. ISS-giJ Spear *t.
l-'IRBT-CLASS eecond-hand modern engines ani
boiler* bourht and sold. KROGH MJTG. CO
S-17 Ktetenson St.. near First.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Estate of vfV'.V.
Kartter; a full line of i-hoto supplies, grapho-
phoaes, records, etc. Rm. 618. Examiner bl<Jg.
FIXE suits. j:0; dress pants, f* 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. «7 Montgomery at.
A-JS SO DERBY and Fedora hats. Jl 75. Popu-
lar Price Hatters, C30 Kearny bt., near Pine.
\u25a0 CHEAP--^ hp. easoline engine. Bteam pump 1
gaw arbcr. a;l kinds tools. Si6 Mission Bt.
f HP. boiler and 6 hp. automatic engine; com-
Plete. perfect. H. 8. WHITE. 516 Miaslon «t-
f~ =INGER sexySns machine (new «yle); 5 drawer;
t»k; complete; cheap. 19U Mieeion. nr. 15th.
FOR sale--2 National cash registers for half
price. Inquire Old Lcuvre. Phelan building.
A^^ A r Rn J :hanc * : ~ b!c ?" c 'es. ?6 and J10 a piece.
416 Lark n et.. near Turk.
HEADQUARTERS lor trunKs. bags and dress
mlt cases. A. P.. SMITH CO.. 128 Ellis st.
BA ?^'i, ta ' s . l Bhowcat;es '" aI1 lengths and sizes.
JACOB iSCHVVERDT. tZl Mission gt.
PHOTO liarsrain list No. 17 now ready for
mailing. 103 Montgomery <et.
CASH register <Hall wood); brand new; *55; re-
duction. H. F. ALLEN. 20S California «t.
BIG price > paid for sealekina. full dress & Tux-
eoo teuiui. Portland Loan Office, 23 Stockton.
BOATS, launches, rowboats carried In stock.'
BAKER & HAMILTON.
JEWELRT for eele and wade to order. T.
FERSH?AXD. 126 Kearny Et.. room 29.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BCLLARD & BRECK. 131 Post et.
GASOLIXE engines, all sizes, new and Id-hand,
and laurichf. J. E. DOAK, 6X1 Mission st.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN S^lFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
ENGINES, and boilers: eecond-hand machinerj'.
J. BURKE. 12S Beale gt.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel-
llned eafe. perfect order. 216 California st.
' MJSCELL.AAEOUS WA\TS.
"WANTEE— T-level cheap; Gurley or Heller &
Brightly. E. L. COLBURN, 522 Ellis st.
t i. i
ifWAXTEC- Second-hand Edison test; recep-
T f taclcs jr. good order. Apply box 1476. Call.
WANTEE' — Second-hand upright T>iano for
cash. H. L. WHITEHEAD. 1706 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 8th et. ; tel. Folsom 2522.
J1OSEY TO LO.V.V.
J300,ooO ix fc per cent in sums to suit. City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase
any of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MAN-
HATTAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor, Crocker bldg.
A NEW :ilea in tbe money-lending business is>
being tried by the Portland Loan Office, 25
Stockton Et. ; phone Bush 4S4. If you need
money phone us and the manager of our
loan department v.ill call on you and loan
you money at low rates on your diamonds,
watches, sealskins, etc.. or else you can call
at our office. All business confidential.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT.
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate..
Mortgages and legacies bought; no delay....
Get cry terms before doing business elsewhere.
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery Et., room 3
*:50.0irt— EASTERN capital to loan at low rat*
on California securities, first or second mort-
gages, city or town properties, undivided in-
terests in real estate, legacies, etc.. also first-
class ranch property; will loan as high as 71
4 per cent of real value. XV. JL. HARPER. 39/
sr Parrott building.
' jlST projxjsition. any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second and third mortgages, estates in pro-
!batt, interest in estates, legacies, undivided
Interests, securities, manufacturing and mer-
cantile Interests, corporation loans. Room 1C,
1st floor. Chronicle big. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HERMAN MURPHY. C03 Examiner building—
$3,000,000 at 6% or less in large sums; loans
on Eec&nd mortgages, estates, etc; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
«*»• HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition ; any amount; 6 per cent, on
mortgages, estates, undivided Interests; chat-
tel mortgages, etc. D. J. HALLORAN,
Adams building, 206 Kearny et., room S14.
HELIABLE corporation, established 1865, proper
. place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
il pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of interest.
I S Grant ave.. near Market St.; tel. Black 5471.
HIGHLY respectable private place to obtain
' liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 846 Market
et.: tei. Main 1644. Branch 18 Third st.
A MILLION at 4 per cent; smaller amounts at
E; city or farm property; long time; state
amoun': desired and location of property. P.
O. box 2073.
MUNICIPAL Loan Office, 103 Grant ave., near
Geary st. ; phone Red 1603..
ICN real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages and en fur-
niture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
$100,000 AT 6 per cent In sums to suit In city;
$1.7?. 000 on large ranches at fair rates; second
mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 412 Pine.
CASH leaned to salaried people on note with-
out lndorser or on mortgages at 6 per cent per
annum. MORRELL, 60S Examiner building.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc., by private
party; no removal; no commission; connden-
ti&l. Itocm 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick; lowest interest: easy terms; no broker-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market ct.. room 68.
LOANS on pianos, furniture without removal,
libraries, goods in warehouse, etc.; any ami. ;
lowest rates; priv. Ormsby, 26 Montg.,office 7.
£% on furniture and pianos; til up; no removal;
no coir mission; private. Room 81. S Eddy Et.
Lowest rates, furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commit.; confidential. Whitehead, 1706 Market.
ON furniture, pianos; lowest rate; no removal ;
etrictly private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent en furniture; $5 a month on each
J1000; £.ny security. 302 Montgomery st., r. L
!IF you vant a home I will loan you money to
buy It. A. E. nUDELL. 222 Sanscme st.
ON SALARIES without indorser; other propo-
sitions, a F. Discount Agency, 143 Phelan big.
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and dls-
counts. 221 Parrott building.
LOANS money on salary; no indorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
MUSICAL^ INSTRUMENTS!
AGAIN we remind you that our piano stock,
both new and second hand, is the laige^t
west of Chicago and includes the moat re-
liable makers to choose from. New pianoi
told upon easy payments of $6 per month;
tome rood piancs for 13. $4 and It per month.
SHERflAN, CLAY & CO.. Stelnway dealers,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.. San tran-
r ci6co; comer Broadway and Thirteenth St.,
Oakland^
ATTENTION. BARGAIN HUNTERS—
Second-hand uprlrht pianos from $55 up.
Becond-hand eouare ulanos from JiJ up'.
Eecond-hand organs from 125 up: new up-
right nianos from $175 up. BENJ. CURTAZ
& SON. 1« to 20 O'Farrcll. Chickering. Ma-
son ana Hamlln. Vose. Sterling" pianos.
AX unuscal chance to get a good piano for a
low price is offered any one who will call on
us at once; we will show how you can save
from IWi to 11S0 in buying from us; we want
your patronage and are willing .to pay for it.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 7C9 Mar-
ket st. \u25a0
ALL highest grades sold by the Heine Piano
Co., sole agents most famous and oldest Amer-
ican makes: easy payments: big allowance for
tecend-hand pianos: rents $2 up allowed: bar-
gains. $25 up; Eteinwaye. J1S5; Chickerlngs.
SJ31: U> othere: agents warned. 217 Geary st.
ANY pi»no «o!d by us taken back any time
within 2 yean and ft-U purchase price al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabs at regular
price; rxmls you only 20c a day to buy a
piano from us. KCHLER & CHAEE. SO
O" Farrell «t.; established 1S50.
A fiJIAli. Weber upright. $125; elegant walnut
case, Knabe upright, almost new; also StecK.
oak case; Hardman square. JJ5;. organs. *-.»
op. BOWERS & SON, 23 Fifth St.. IVERS
& POND and A. B. CAMERON. Agents.. ;-.
A FACT worth rememberlnK Is this, you get
pour rioneVs worth when you buy a piano
J'-Tonx us; we sell the famous Decker; & Son j
v-^Rnd EaumeiKter: cash or payments. THE
' VENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market Bt.
HAT.DSOME 3-pedal upright: ueed 6 months;
eacrlSce; leaving city. 608 Eddy, cor. Hyde.
NEW piano, pianola and music on sale; great
barsai:i; party soi=g away. 217 Gear}' st.
BOOMS TO t<ET— —Fri rn .' w n <1 Unfarii. x
O'FARRELL,. 20— Sunny furnished rooms~and
, offices ; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, -trio.
POWELL, 239 (Edinburgh)— Sunny rms, single
suites: on Union Square; reasonable: Tel.
ROYAL House. 126 Ellis— Incandescent .light;
reading-room, • smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night. 35c to $1 60; week, $2 to
$8" month, $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths. . U .'
SHERMAN Apartment House.'. 2& Eighth.it..
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SILVER 127B— A fine room for 1 or 2; use of
bath; $10. • '
BUTTER, 820% (The . Stanford)— Suites from $3
to J7; singles %2 to $5 per week; transient.
SUTTER, vV 1105— Large, sunny rear' rooms;
closet; running water; $8 and XI a month. ...
$110 A WEEK— Large sunny furnished' room;
. running water; bath; private. 834 Folaom st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements an<r
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia Et. \u25a0
• ROOMS. AND BOARD.
HARRISON " 570— Rincon Hill for genteel peo-
ple- $3 50, %i,'V>; housekeeping rooms at mod-
erate prices: room only ?4 month to $12; write
or call for particulars. *
. . . • . . ] . _\u25a0 #..-, <? .•
THE CECILERNE. 930 Van Nes» ave.
BOARD and room for two in elegantly fur-
; nished home; billiard room and telephone. 25
Baker at. ••\u25a0.-\u25a0
THE CORBIN, 836 Sutter St.— Rooms single and
en suite; private baths; all rooms sunny; ex-
. cellent table. \u25a0 ' v
HOTEL -Repeller, 1 781 Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table: special rates to tourists. .
O'FARKELL £05 (Johnson House)— Exception-
- ally fur. suites; beautiful grnda; table board.
CALIFORNIA, 807 (Stevenson mansion)— Select
family hotel; exceptional table: attractive rms.
SUNNY bay-window room, with board for 1
or 2 ladies, reasonable. 237 Eleventh st. .
ROOniS AXD DOARD WANTED,
WANTED — Room and board in private . family
for an old lady; not to exceed $15 per month.
Address MRS. M. PAUL, 453 Ellis St., City.
WANTED— 2 rooms and table board within a
few blocks of Trinity Church; apply at once.
Box 1463, Call office. .-._\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0
WANTED— Board for child 2 years old; no
other .children. Apply 106 Eddy st.. room 21.
ROOMS WANTED.
TWO refined ladies wish 1 or 2 nicely furn.
rooms; light housekeeping or use of klfcchen;
small private family; near Market and Ma-
son; rent not exceeding $10. Box 1355, Call.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $<; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. 55S0.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pases, sent to any address in tho
United States or Canada one year for tl.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultatlon free. American 1/ispensary. 514 Pine.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. Chas. • Plambeck, 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates.Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re*
pairing jlowest rates; phone Mint 4a. 145 6th.
STORAGE AND. WAREHOUSES.
IHERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
• office Post and Powell sts. ; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 M1«-
slon St.; tei. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore st.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
TYPEWRITERS AND I SUPPLIES.
GREATMBARGAINS iN^^raW^lTERS^We
sell better machines for les« money than any
house in the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 5?6 California; telephone Main 266.
WEBSTER Tyt>ewriter Inspection Co.— Expert
typewriter doctors estimate free. 209 Sansome.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesterday: ... ... «;•\u25a0•- • - --• .-.. \u25a0-*•>-\u25a0\u25a0
Henry G. Hanley, 21, 2836 Fillmore street,
and -Louisa Morell, 18, 908 Capp street. - \u25a0 _\u25a0 \u25a0
Peter M. Burke, 26, 115 Sliver street, and
Anna A. Riley, 22, 141 Converse street. . ,
Donald S. Ames, 35, 1608 Vallejo street, and
Cecile H. MacGreKor, 20, 1170 Jackson street.
John E. Walsh, 32, Miller, Cal., and Marga-
ret L. McCaffrey, > 21, 250 Locust avenue.
George A. Perry, 28, 411 Natoma street, and
Ida Hoffmann, 29, 411- Natoma street.
Charles A. Morgan, 21. 1641 Bush street, and
Elizabeth H. Walnwrteht, IS, 1411 Jackson
street. . -
William Swartley, 46, city, "and Jennie Z.
Bowman, 30, city.
Tyre R. McCamDbfll, 29, Cincinnati, Ohio,
and Emma E. Moseley, 29, Sonora. Cal.
Herman B. Lehmkuhl, 33, 3334 Mission street,
and Mattie M. -Paul, 25. 2964 Twenty-second
Charles RIkes, 36, Needles, Cal., and Josie
Risk, 30. Alameda. Cal.
George A. Johnston, • 21, city, and Neva
Hulse, 18, city.
John Scott, 40, Los Angeles, and Madeline
S. Graham, 23, Lcs Aneeles.
Ernest Wentzel, 32, San Jose, Cal., and Sa-
die A. Bachner, 26, Minneapolis, Minn.
Nissen Arensonne, 28, city, and Annie Cohn,
Nata'le Lend, 30, 733 Filbert street, and
Giuseppina Puccette, 20, city.
Narclpso Cervelll. 39, 615 Francisco street,
and Stella Vannucci, 24, 627. Lombard street.
Felix Galindo, 26, 359V4 Brannan street, and
Hermlnia Ochoa, 18, 359^4 Brannan street.
Michael T. Moran, 28. Sacramento, Cal., and
Mary M. Levaggi, 17, Sutter Creek, Cal.
Frank S. Grant, 29. 91 Rausch street, and
Sarah E. Coburn, 36, 91 Rausch street.
Charles F. Cordes, 28. city, and Rosa M.
Blecher, 24, city.
Albert R. Milne, 29, 907^ Mission street, and
Lillie A. Reed, 30, 907V6 Mission street - *
Art. J. Bowne, 35, 429 Buchanan street, and
Maude V. Harrison. 22. 318 Bartlett street.
BIRTHS— MARRI &6ES- DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published. '
BOR2T.
CORBETT— In this city, October 8, 1901, to the
wife of Joseph Corbett, a son.
MITCHELL— In this city, October' 25. 1901, to
the wife of Alfred Mitchell, a daughter.
SANTA CRU2^-In this city, October 28, 1901.
to the wife of T. H. Santa Cruz, a daughter.
WOLFF— In this city, October 14, 1901, to the
wife of Morri3 Wolff, a daughter. . )
_£____
FERGUSON— EGGERT— I*n this city, October
23, 1901, by the Rev."J.H. Schroeder. Ernest
M. Ferguson and Emilie F." Eggert.
GRANT— COBURN— In ' this city. October 28.
1901, by the Rev. George W. Beatty, Frar,k
. S. Grant and Sarah E. Coburn, both of San
. Francisco. : .-• •
KENNEDY— HAGGETT— In Carson City, Oc-
tober 7, 1901. by Justice Stone, T. J. Ken-
nedy of Goat Island and Pansy Haggett of
San Francisco. • . .
LACKMANN— SOHL— In thls\clty, October 23,
1901, by the Rev. J." H. Schroeder,- J. Henry
Lackmann and Elsie Sohl. " •' . -. . .
LITTLE— CRAWFOKD— In this city. October
26, 1901, by Frank S. Ford, George A. Little
. and Etta A. Crawford, both of San Fran-
cisco. ' ' •
SMITH— BROWN— In this city, October 27,
1901, by the Rev. S. I Goldstein. Isador Smith
and Pauline. Brown,, both of. San Francisco. •
TIETJEN— BUEHLER— In this city, October
; 24, 1901, by the Rev. J. H. Schroeder. the
Rev. M. Henry Tietjen and Emma L. Bueh-
- ler. : . . \u25a0:\u25a0.•-\u25a0• ..-.\u25a0•'.• : . ;. \u25a0 ;
WELLS- ROWE— In Fruitvale. October i 27,
I 1801. by the ,Rev. Mr. Mowbray, William T.
Wells of San Francisco • and .Miss Jennie
Rowe of Grass Valley. '\u25a0.' ; .-;• .
YNGVE— JOHNSON— In this city, October 23.
1901, --by -the Rev. Dr. C. J. • E. Haterius,
pastor Lutheran Ebenezer . Church, Karl
Yngve and 'Hulda Maria Johnson. . , .
" DIED. ••"\u25a0;. \u25a0 -
:: Agar,' Capt. John E. Maguire, Katherln > J.
Black, Ellen . Mills, Mrs. Mary
. Cameron. Archibald , Morell, A. J. -
Castro, Julia B.' Moynihan, Margaret '
Dorgan, . William" >-Marritt. Paul
' Dletzler, Anna M. 'Morrison, Elizabeth s ,
- Fischer. Virginia H. O'Toole. r. Hugh -*<
Fails, Jat-sie L. \u25a0\u25a0.:\u25a0\u25a0 Peterson. . Aimee /
Hale, Ed?ar T. - Redmond, Charlei H.
- Howard; Mrs.' John -Rosenberg, Emilie \u25a0
Haskell. Chauncey O. Robertson, David
- Johnson. Emily \u25a0 ' Raymond, Henry
Johnson, : Josephine • Rlordan, \u25a0 Timothy J.
. Kropiv Henry W. ;, ,'- Sullivan, Ke.te , \u25a0 .
Kelly. Michael J. - Tyrrell, Annie '
Langhans, Margaret ' Towey, James . , •
Liddicoat. : Jame3 J. *Voigt, Rudolph E.
' Lyons, . Timothy . - \u25a0. . ; ..-..,.
AGAR— Entered interest in this city, ' OctobeV
28, 1001, Captain John e • E.- Agar, beloved
- father of James . E« Fannie i M.. Emma S..
and Lucy M. Agar, a native of Washington,'
\u25a0 > D.'C.-. aged.77 years 1 months and 4 days. ,\.-
BLACK— In this - city, October : 27. 1901. Ellen
• Blade, a • native . of Ireland, . aged 65 i years.
i \u25a0 ETRemains at parlors:of McFadden, F' Me*
: Brearty & Green, ; 1171 ' Mission : street. ... v ; '
CAMKRON— In this city,- October 27. ;- 1901."
I \u25a0 • Archibald B. . Cameron, . beloved husband .; of
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
' \ . Steamers leave Broadway
»t^ Wharf, San Francisco:
KJsPlHii. F° r Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
! B§ii5^S»rfc. Oct. 3. S. 13. IS, 23. 23, Nov. 2.
j jMS^^SSv^ll Change to company's steamers
i liist*CV<-al a For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
C ) Port Townsenfl. Seattle.
" Tacoma, Everett and New
Whatcom (Wash.) — 11 a. m...
Oct 3 S 13. 18. 23. 28. Nov. 2. Change at
Seattle! for this company's steamer* for Alaska,
and G. N. By.; at Seattle or Tacoma for N.
P Ry • at Vancouver to C. P. Ky.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)-l:30 p. m.. Oct.
4 9 14 19 21 29 Nov. 3. \u25a0
"For San Diego, "stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
j?eles)-Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m.
Steamer State of Cal.. Wednesdays. 9 a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Cruz Mon-
terey San Simeon. Cayucos, Port Harford (San
Luis Oblspo). Gaviota. Santa Barbara. Ven-
tura Hueneme. East San Pedro, San Pedro
and' Ne-wport-Steamer Corona. Saturdays.
For^nsenada, Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia,
and Guaymas (Mer.)- V> a. m.. 7th each mor.ch.
For further informtion obtain the company a^
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing days and hours of Bailing,
without previous notice. .
TICKET OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
str<#t (Palace Hotel). ;.'' '\u25a0\u25a0* *^»;
GOOD ALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
Q, R. &t N. CO.
- -\u25a0 Only Steamahlp Zdne to
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to a'l
points East. Tbrou&h tickets to all
points, oil rail «»* steams'iio and rail, at
IiO"VTEST 3El-i*.1 1 3ES. • ,
8TEAME3 TICKETS IHCLUDS BSSTHand MEAL3.
SS. COLUMBIA Sails..... Nor. 4. H, 24. Dec. 4
SS GEO W. ELDER.
" ./; Oct. 80. Nov. 9. 19. 29
Steamer sails from foot of'Soear St.. 11 a. m.
D.W.HITCHCOCK.Gen.Agt.,l MontenVy, S. F.
TOYO EISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE "WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Htogo). Nagasaki ' and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board oa
day of sailinc.
SS HONGKONG MARXJ
' Saturday. November 16, 1301
SS. NIPPON MARU
"Wednesday. December 11. 1901
SS. AMERICA MARU .*.
Saturday.. January 4. 1903
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.
XV. H. AVERT. General Arant.
AMERICAN L!NE. V
KV TOSS. SOUTHAKPTOX. LONDON. PAKI3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, -westbound. \u25a0
From ' New ' York Wednesdays at 10 a. m. '
Friesland Nov. 6 Haverford ....... Nov, XT
Philadelphia i..Nov. 13 Philadelphia ....Dec.' 4
St. Paul Nov. 20 St. Paul.. Dec 11
RED STAR LINE.
N«w York and Antwerp.
* From New York "Wednesdays at 12 noon. \u25a0
Friesland Nov. SfHaverford Nov. 27
Southwark Nov. 13|*Zeeland Dec, 4
•Vaderland .Nov. 20jFriesland Dec. 11
•Stjpplng at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION GO.
And Cia Sud Americana de Vapores
To Valparaiso,, stopping at' M*extcan. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3, Pier 10. 12 m.
PEHU Nov. OICOLOMBIA ....Dec 7
PALENA Nov. 23ITUCAPEL Dec. 21
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No changes at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. BUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agenta.
4lAAfinll> Ik fl*A te **^ 8aM0 *' Ata
oceaaicb.s.io. bssss
S. S. ALAMEDA. for Honolulu...
-'. Saturday. Nov. 2. 2 D. m.
S. S. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa. Auck-
land and Sydney... Thursday. Nov M, 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Nov. 23. 10 a. m.
J. D. SP3E51E1S k BROS. CO.. Eensrai Agents. 327 shrtaf SI
len'l Passenger Oflto, 643 Hirtst St, fit? So. ?. PadSe St
PANAMA IB, R, W
-TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA OlScOF.
Cabin, $1C3; Steerage. $40; Meals Free.
S. & Leeianaw eails Thursday, Oct. 31
S. S. Argyll salts Saturday, De;. 7
S. S. Leeianaw satis
From Howard-street wharf (Pier 10) at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office, 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast -Agent.
C0MFAGNIS C5NSSAI.3 TBANSATLABTIQCS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. •jf < * Sir
Sailing every Thursday Instead of 3r*Mu5%
Saturday, at 10 «. m.. from pier 42, \u25a0* \u25a0» »-"*
North Kiver, foot of Morton street.
First class to Havre. J7O and upward. Second
class to Havre. $45 and upward.' GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUOAZI & CO.. Pacino Coast
Agents. 5 Montgomery avenue. San Francisco.
Tickets gold hy all Railroad Ticket Agents. _.
BAY AND RIVEB STEAMERS.
Steamar* GSN. FRISBIS or MONT ICELLO
9:43 a. m... 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-i
day. Sunday, s»:4J a. m.. s:M p. m. Leava*
Vallejo . 7 ' a.' • m.. .\u25a0 12:30 noon. S p.\ m., except
, Sunday.' Sunday. 1 a. m., 4:13 p.-'m. Fare 50
cents.- Telephone' Main : 13C3. :. Landing ' and
office. . pier 2, Mlssiori-st. dock.' HATCH
BROS.
. Kate Cameron, and father of Hugh, Archie.
;. Donald, Jesse and Alleen Cameron, a native
' of -.Cape Breton, Nova Scotia, - aged \u25a0 63 years
and' 10 months. Member of Valley Lodge,
: A. Or Uj \u25a0 w. ..(Nova Scotia papers please
copy.) - t . . .
E5"Friendsiand acquaintances - are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8;30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 117 Erie street, thence to St Charles
Borromeo's' , Church, Eighteenth and Shot-
well ctreets. where services will be held -at
9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OFFICERS and members of Valley Lodge No.
30, A. O. U.'-W., are respectfully invited, to
attend funeral of Brother A.' B; Cameron. , .
v - '-\u25a0\u25a0, ..-•.- THOS. H. LORD., Recorder.
CASTRO— In this city, October 27, -1901. Julia
B. Castro, widow of the late Victor Castro,
and beloved mother of Mrs. : P. - G. Galpln
and \u25a0 Mrs. Llnnie Sargent of Kobe, Japan, a
native of New York, aged 63 years.
3 ET'Interment at Cerrito. :
DORGAN— In this city, October 2«, 1901, Wil-
liam Dorgan, ; beloved brother of ' the late
. Timothy Dorgan, and uncle of. Kate Dorgan,
Sister Mary Gonsaga and Sister - Mary of
Blessed Trinity, a native of County Cork,
Ireland, aged 68 years. .
; T EFFriends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8 "o'clock, from- the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 - and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Paul's Church for ser-
vices, at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. •/ • .' • '
DIETZLER— In this city. October 27. 1901.
Anna M-. widow of the late General George
W. Dietsler, a native of Virginia, axed 61
years and 10 months.- • "
[ES'The funeral will take place, to-day
(Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her "late
residence, 2309 Clay street, i Interment prl-
. vate. ".; - \u25a0 . .-\u25a0" ' \u25a0 . -
FISCHER— In -this city. October 23. "1901. VI*-
,- 'nla-Hayden Fischer/ dearly beloved wife
of the late Emil A. Fischer and bsloved
mother of Eugene E. Fischer, • Mrs. Samuel
McCartney and Mrs. Hattie Christieson, a
native of Kentucky, aged 71 years 4 months
and 11- days. . < '
JtTFriend3 and- acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Mission Ma-
sonic Hall. 2628 Mission street where serv-
ices will be held byj Mission Chapter of East-
ern Star. Interment Laurel «HIU Cemetery. ,
FAILS— In this city, . October 28, 1901, Jessla
L., beloved daughter of Augusta' Abbott and
the late Joseph Fails, and sister of Hattl*
Fails and Mrs. P. H. Buchholz, a native of
. AVizona, aged 17 years 5 months and 11 days..
C7Remain3 at parlors of McFadden, Mc-
Brearty & Green. \u25a0 1171 Mission street:
HALE— In Browns Valley, Yuba County. Cal.,
. Edgar T. Hale, beloved husband of Georgia
T.' Hale, a native of Ohio, aged 50 years.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral " to-day
(Tuesday), at 2. o'clock, from the parlors of
. Carew. & English, 29 Van Ness avenue. In-
terment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral car from Fourteenth and Mission
2 streets.
HOWARD-In this city, October 27, 1901, Mrs.
John T. Howard; beloved mother. of Ethel
Howard, daughter of Mrs. V. C. Yount. and
sister of , William Yount .and Mrs. Sidney,
Smith, a native of California, aged 38. years
4 months and 11 days.
' IE?" Funeral services will take place ta-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the Las Pa'mis
Hotel, 1820 Market street. Interment private.
HASKELL— In this city. October 28. VOL
Chauncey O. Haskell. beloved brother of Ed-
ward Wilder Haskell. a native of Vermont,
aged 77 years 11 months and 26 days. \u25a0
C7Tho furferal will' take place to-morrow
'(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of Charles -H. J. Truman & Co.. 318 Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary. . .
JOHNSON— In this city, October 27. 1901,
Emily, dearly beloved wife of Harry John-
son, beloved daughter of Magnus J. Sorensen
,'pf Lvsekill, Sweden, and sister of Charles
and Andrew Johnson of Michigan and Johan
Johnson of Lysekill, "Sweden, a native of
Lysekill. Sweden, aged 37 years and 10
months.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invitsd to attend the ' funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of H. F. Maass, 917 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel HU1 Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city, October 28. 1931, Jo-
sephine, belpved daughter of Augusta and
the late Samuel Johnson, and sister of Mrs.
Louise Peterson, a native of San Francisco,
aged 25 years 7 months and 3 days.
ICTTrlendg and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
.(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KROPP— In this city, October 26, 1801, Henry
- W. KroDD, beloved son of Ellen Kropp, and
brother of Walter Kropp, Mrs. -Edward Car-
vill and Mrs. Niles .H. Stover, a native of
San Francisco, aeed 25 years 11 months and
12 days.
CTFriendx and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral, to-day
tTuesday). at 8:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, 1015 Vallejo' street, thence . to St.
Brigid's Church,.. Van Ness avenue and
Broadway, where a requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
: mencing at 9 o'clock.
KELLY— An anniversary solemn requiem high
! - mass will be celebrated for v the repose of tha
soul of the late Michael Joseph. Kelly at St.
Dominic's Church to-day (Tuesday), at ' 9
o'clock. Friends. and acquaintances are re-
spectfully invited \u25a0 to attend. . .\u25a0 . ..
LANGHANS— In this city, October 27, 1901.
Margaret, beloved /wife of Emil Langhans,.
and mother of GeOrge, Henry, Frank, Mar>
and "Annie Steil, a native of. New York, aged
53 years 7 months and 15 days. . i ;
Ity Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the parlors
" of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Peter's Church; • where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of her soul at 9, o'clock. Interment
/Holy Cross Cemetery.
LIDDICOAT— tn Stillwater. Shasta County.
Cal., James J., only, son of John and Mary
Llddicoat, . and brother of Jennie and Besslo
Hudson, a native of Australia, aged 31 years.
Formerly of Oakland.
LYONS— Drowned in San Francisco Bay, Oc-
tober 27, 1901. Timothy, dearly beloved son
of Annie and the late Timothy Lyons, .and
.beloved brother of Thomas, James, Joseph
and David Lyons, Mrs. D. Coleman and the
late John.Lyops, a native of San Francisco,
aged 20 years and 20 days.
[CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of .his mother, 4 Moulton street oft
Buchanan, between Greenwich and Lombard,
« thence to St. Brleid's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MAGUIRE — In this - city, October 26, 1901,
Katherine J., beloved daughter of Katherlne
and the late Timothy Maguire, and sister of
Mary, Joseph. John and Harriet Maguire, a
native of Newburg, N. Y.
(CyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral to-dav (Tuesday), at 8:30
o'clock, from her late residence, 520 Seventh
avenue, Richmond District, thence to Star of
tho Sea . Church, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' , ' •' • ;
MILLS— In this city, October 27. 1901, .Mrs.
Mary Mills, a native of Ireland, aged 78
years. ' '• • '
ETTriends and acquaintances are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at S:45 o'clock, from the parlors
of Halsted A Co., 946 Mission street, thence
to • Sacred %Heart Church, corner Fell and
Fillmore streets, where a requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery, by carriage. •
MORELL— In this city, October 27; 1901. \u25a0 A. J.
Morell, husband of the late Henrietta • Mij-
rell, and father of Mrs. Henrietta M. Cox, a
native of New York, aged 84 yeara and . 6
months.
tCU-'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
I .'(Wednesday), af 12 .o'clock from Pioneer
I \u25a0 Hall, Fourth . street, near Market. Inter-
| ment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor to Flannaean & Gallagher.)
. DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mer.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st., opposite Lincoln School.
- Telephone South 80. /
Mt. Olivet \ Cemetery,
San'Mateo County. ; ". % 5
OFFICE 816 MARKET STREET. '
/ : j! HENDERSON, Manager.
JAMBS McGINN, I
j Formerly with McGinn Bros., has opened
I new Funeral . Parlors at 214 Eddy st, bet. .
Taylor and "Jones. Telephone South \576. --
UNITED UNDERTAKERS, I
.27 and 29 . Fifth . st. Tel. j South 167. S- I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND s EMBAL&ER3. I
Finest Equipment at Modarate Rate3. - B
Eugene McGinn. . > McGINN BROS.
\u25a0 '.. Funeral Directors and Embalmers,-' "
" ;"\u25a0\u25a0. \u25a0. 31 EDDY, STREET. . . ,
Telephone South'252. ' \u25a0 ~ San Francisco. ;
No Connectlon^With^Any^Other House. '-
tNEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS.
"'Samuel McFadden, 18 years manager for
the United Undertakers'. Association;' M. J.
McBrearty,' i with the same company for 10
years; P. F. Green/late .with J. C; O'Con- 1
nor & ' Co. ; have opened new Funeral ' Par-,
lors at 1171 Mission street, between Seventh
and Eighth. . Telephone . South 44. \u25a0 ... ... g
CREMATION.
The . Odd i-ellows' Cemetery Association
1 \u25a0 "Point Lobois ave.V 8. F. : f Cal. "
— The • ordinance '/ prohibiting * burials in • San
Francisco • after *the i first day '\u25a0 of August, ": 1901,
does \u25a0 not refer \u25a0 to : CREMATION.? Neither . does
it: affect (he COLUMBARIUM, because there is
nothing '\u25a0 less harmful to the living .- than the
ashes .of 'their; dead. : . r : ', ' ".. f
'i Permits .- to > cremate will : be issued ' by ' the
Board of:Health the same as heretofore.- .' .- ';
1 GEORGE : R. FLETCHER. Manager.
MOYNIHAN— In . this - city. October 27.' 1901.
Margaret, beloved wife of John Moyn hat).
mother of Maria Moynihan. and sister of
: Florence* -Daniel, Michael and Ella 'Driscoll
. ! and Mrs. P. McCarthy, i native of County
Cork. Ireland, aged 29 years and 10 months.
3 -• ETTriends and acquaintances -are respect-
fully - invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, .from her late resl-
. dence, 1113A Broadway, thence to St. Brlgld's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
• celebrated for the repose of her sout, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. '\u25a0".\u25a0\u25a0. :
MARRITT— In this city, October 28, 1901, Paul,
beloved son of Thomas A. and Fannie Mar-,
rltt, a native of Oakland, aged 8 months and
6. days...... - . - \u25a0 • - •.
MORRISON— In Vallejo. October 2S, 1901.
Elizabeth, beloved wife of the late James
Morrison, and mother of Andrew, John ami
the late William Ogden. Mrs. May- Sessarego
and: Mrs. Lizzie Silva. a native of County
Derry. Ireland, aged 73 years 5 months and
4 days. s •
O'TOOLE— In this city, October 28. 1901, Hugh,
beloved husband of Catherine O'Toole. and
father of Mrs. E.' E. Shaw. Mrs. C. A.
'Woods, Mrs. E. Harvey and John O'Toole,
a native of CorinauKht, Ireland, ased;74
years. ... •
PETERSON— In this city, October 25, 1361, of
diphtheria. Aimee. dearly beloved and only
: daughter cf Louis E. and Lizzie Peterson,
devoted sister of Frankie Peterson, and only
granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs. Carty, a .na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 7 years 6 months
and 14 days. • '
EJT The funeral took' place Saturday, at 1
o'clock, from the residence of her parents, o
"Glover street.
REDMOND— An anniversary solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of the soul of the late Charles H. Redmond
at St. Joseph's Church to-day (Tuesday),
at 9 o'clock. Friends of the family are re-
spectfully invited to attend.
ROSENBERG— In this city, October 26, 1901,
Emilie, beloved wife of the late Morita
Rosenberg, and mother of Louis and Harry
Rcsenberg and Mrs. David Gross of Seattle.
\u25a0> a native of Austria. . . " \u25a0 • - •
IQ^Friends and acquaintances and sisters
of Eva Mutual Benefit Society are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at- 10:45 o'clock, from Bnal
J B'rlth Hall, 121 Eddy street. \u25a0 Cremation Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery, by. electric car from
Eighteenth and Guerrero 'streets. Remains
at the parlors of Halsted & Co.. 346 Mission
R street. ,
ROBERTSON— In this city. October 27. 1S01.
David, beloved husband of Sarah F. Robert-
son, father of David. Kitty. Willie, Sadie,
Lilly and Joe Robertson," and son-in-law of
Mr. and Mrs. William Hlsrgins, a native of
. Scotland, aged 38 years and 21 days.
ICTFTlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully iinvited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:15 o'clock, from his late
residence. 5 Rincon avenue, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, Fremont and Harrison
streets, for services at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery by carriages.
RAYMOND— In this city, October -23. 1S01.
Henry, beloved husband of the -late Natalie
\u25a0 Raymond, and father of Albert. Jennie, Rose
George and Sophie Raymond, a native of
Germany, aged 67 years 9 months and 1 day.
CTFuneral private to-morrow (Wednesday
at 10 o'clock, from his . late residence, 1623
Clay street, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train
to Hills of Eternity Cemetery for interment
Please omit flowers.
RIORDAN— In Denver. Colo.. October 26. 1901,
Timothy J.. dearly beloved husband of Ella
' Rlordan, and beloved son of Mr. and : Mrs.
T P. 'Rlordan,' a native of San 'Francisco.
ETThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 1415 Post street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9:30 o clock. In-
terment private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this eity, October 26, 1901.
Kate, dearly beloved mother of Frankie.
Mollie and Clara Sullivan and Mrs. J. F.
Dayton, a native of Wales, aged 50 years.
Friends and acquaintances are • respect-
fully invited to attend the f uneral to-day
(Tuesday). af^9:30 o'elock. from her late resi-
I dence, 625- Natoma street, thence to St. Jo-
. seph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will.be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. - ", •" •
TYRRELL— In this city. October 27. 1901. An-
nie, beloved mother of George R. Tyrrell,
and aunt of Hugh J.. Lynch.. a native of St.
Louis, Mo., aged 47 years.
E5'Frien<1s and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 12:30 o'clock, from. the par-
lors of McFadden, McBrearty & Green. 1171
Mission street, thence to St. Joseph's -Church
for services at. 1 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. '-•' o
TOWEY— In this city, October 28, 1901, James,
beloved husband of Mary Towey, a native of
Greenock, Scotland, aged 61 years and 6
\u25a0 months. •
%y- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
; (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par-
lors of McAvoy & Co., 1239 Market street,
between Eighth and Ninth, thence to - St.
Patrick's' Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul," commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
VOIGT— In 'this, City, October 27. 19017 Rudolph
E. Volgt, a native of Dusseldcrf, Germany,
ased 61 years. ' \u25a0\u25a0 " r . •\u25a0•"--"/
CyFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tha funeral to-morrow
' (Wednesday), at the chapel of Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Take 11:30 -. m. train at Four.h
and Townsend streets. - \u25a0 - \u25a0 • •
£hanahan Florist Co.
V - / ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS
Prices Reasonable. \
!07 POWELL ST.nmkELUS 7SSF. 5055
MUSICAL ISSTRPMEXTS— Cob.
A FIRM'S failure to realize on account of.
strike has placed two carloads of high-grade
pianos In storage to be sold at Eastern fac-
tory prices; second-hand pianos for a song.
WILSON'S STORAGE. 17C6 Market st.
PIANCS— The most modern and up-to-date r
Steck v.Everett, Conover, Packard, Ludwig,
Hare man and many others; wholesale and re-
tail. The Wiley B. Allen Co.. 933 Market St.,
S. F.; iBranch Store. 931 Broadway. Oakland).
STEINWAY upright, second-hand, wanted for
cash; state price. Box 1959, Call Office.
FISCHER upright In good order, at a sacri-
flcc. Address box 1263, Call office. .
X1Z— HKRTZ piano; good for practice; SchaOCer
upright, nearly new, ?99. 217 Geary st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
SOHMER. Byron Mauzy. Lester Hamilton.
Spielmann pianos. SOS Post Et.
GOOD Feccnd-hand upright for sale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister st.
\u25a0ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
make; a sacrifice. Hornung's. 216 McAllister.
AT KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St., near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and SU.nwey bargains.
ELEGANT new uprisht pianos for rent, $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CIJRTAg Piano Co.. 660 Hayes.,
NOTICE TO CREDITORS.
ALL persons having against HENRY
MEYER, deceased, who kept a grocery store,
corner Thirteenth and MiESion sts., are noti-
fied to present them within thirty days from
date to me at 2015 Folsom st. Dated October,
1901. PETER WIXDELER.
OFFICES AX»' STORES TO LET.
A — ELEGANT corner store, new complete fix-
tures, grocery and bar. S99 McAllister st.
3£S PACIFIC st— Handsome store; also 804 San-
. some St.. nice store. $10 per month.
ROOM, light; phone: suitable for designer or
card writer: $5. Inquire 1008 Mission st.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order; all
.sires; cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
PALMISTRY.
H. JEROME FOSELLI. EcTentmo~paimTst~5i5
Taylor st.. bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561
NEERGAARD, president St. Germain College,
reads from I to 5. 700 Post: phone Hyde 2933.
PAl.NTliKS AMI UMCOHATOKS.
J. C. R^M^JN^T«0^3?^GT^ivXr^honTpolk'l42S;
best quality work; lowest prices, get figures.
PARTNERS WASTED.
WANTED— Partner who undefstands bees. Par-
ticulars address Adam Miller, Vallejo. Cal.
\u25a0ji PERSOXALS.
INDIAN baskets. Indian relics, curios and an-
tiques bought. NAT RAPHAEL, 118 Geary
. St.. largest curio store in America; visitors
welcome; Indian baskets from $1 upward.
AN elegant line of remnants for suits to or-,
der, '|15; with these suits we make an extra
pair pants free of charge; other suits on in-
stallments, $1 weekly. L. LEMOS. 1117 Mar-
ket Et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
MRS. BRIGGS. dermatologist— Superfluous hair,
moles, other facial blemishes permanently re-
.moved without pain or scars by the latest
electric appliances.. S68 Sutter; tel. Larkin 317L
ONE BOTTLE of Pinus will cure any case of
rheumatism, 6clatica,' neuralgia or gout; price
$2 50 per bottle. For circulars, Pinus Med.
Co.. 731 Valencia st. S. F.; tel. Church 1571.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel, 44 Third St., near Market; 700 rooms;
25c to U 50 per night; U 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WHY Guess? You can be certain of style and
fit by using Standard Patterns; Nov, patterns
and Th]e Designer now ready. J. W. EVANS,
Domestic office, 1021 Market St., near Sixth.
THE latest fancy styles of halrdressing for
parties 25c; one price only. G. LEDERER.
123 Stockton st. .
ADELINA PATTI'S Beauty Cream. Secret of
continual youth; 50c. postpaid; free demon-
• st rat ion; come and. see us. Bon-Ton. 324 Post.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legiti-
mate detective business. Emma Spreckela
bldg., rooms 323-324, S. F.; teL South 3SL
AT cash prices; ladies' tailor-made suits, coats,
I silk waists, trimmed hats, skirts, etc ; weekly
payments. C. F. ADAMS CO.. 156 Fifth St.
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-quarter
' or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st., near Broadway. .
BEAUTY doctor from East wishes lady patients
to treat at their homes. Address box B., Call
branch, 300 Hayes st. .
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON.U19 Sutter st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY, 457 Minna st
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color; fl; at all druggists.
DR. J. S. POTTS has resumed practice of medi-
cine; office Y. M. C. A. building.
A— IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call en
Dr.G.S. Moore, 322 O'Farrell: send for circular.
WILL pay cash and good prices for old seal-
skins. Box 1205, Call office. .
Superfluous hair removed free for 1 week by
elec. needle. Dr. Lula Brooks. Mission & 16th. ,
SPANISH lessons given by a native Spanish
teacher; translations. 513 McAllister st.
LACE curtains cleaned for 35c per pair and up.
1277 Mission 6t; phone Folaom 2528.
STOP that "cough"— California Lung Balsam
will do it; all druggists:. phone Pine 2386.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books, wigs;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Market
500 MEN wanted to order suits for $1 per week.
NEUHAUS &. CO.. tailors. IIS Kearny St.
TAILOR-MADE suits, $7 50; dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
A'VTDA CO., 736 Valencia St., bet. 18th & 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 25c; all druggists. ' ,
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market Bt.
. PLANING AND TURNING MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning. Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
DR. C CO'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market et.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully,
treats all diseases cf the human body; see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A — DR. WONG WO. herb doctor: sanitarium.
764-765 Clay st. : see testimonials at office.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE.
TWO or four flats or residence in the Mission
or Western Addition; must be in good condi-
tion and modern; buyer wants to purchase for
the Income. W. J. GUNN, &30 California st
WANTED— To purchase a property, 'improved
or unimproved, on Valencia, Mission or How-
ard. XV. J. GUNN, C30 California St. .
VERY cheap corner; a fine purchase; SE. Fil-
bert and Pierce; 36x82:6; all street work done
on both streets; Filbert bltuminized; good lo-
cation to build 4 flats; only $1850; Union, with
cable cars, is next street south; price reduced
from $2350; easy payments. W. J. GUNN, 530
California st. .
EXCEEDINGLY cheap and large corner lot;
Baker and Vallejo; 137:6x128:9; price only $10,-
000; both streets graded, macadamized and
bewered; stone pavement on Baker; grand ma-
rine view; in the same block lots have sold at
S3C0 per foot during this month; this is a fine
speculation. W. J. GUNN. 530 California st.
A SUNNY north corner, near- Van Ness ave.;
large lot, with fine residence of 14 rooms.
Large residence on Jackson st., near Polk;
14 rooms; lot 35x127.
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS. «
'5 Montgomery st.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms and one of 2 rooms; 50x150;
462 Douglass st, near 21st; must be sold. Call
• filter 2 p. m., or at 210 Noe st.
WE have cash buyers for improved property.
DONNELLY & CO., 632 Market st. .
J350 EACH— Corner lots; Eugene ave.; frontage
3 streets ; graded; cash or Install. 260 JeEsie.
FOR sale — Cottage of 4 rooms, large basement
.and yard; half cash. 3022 Pierce st. '
$2200— 6-ROOM 2-story house; bath; stable; lot
2Cxl00. 1229 York st. W .
REAL ESTATE COUNTRY— For S»le
FOR SALE NEAR SAN FRANCISCO -
Small tracts, $60 to $90 per acre, on Raticho
Cotati, Sonoma Co.; future value assured, as
San Francisco is growing rapidly; location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotati Co... 302 California st., for pam-
phlets \u25a0 and information. '-\u25a0'."
$1210— FOR sale or , exchange, a nice 10-acre
fruit ranch in Tehama Co.; all in bearing.
W. A. GRANICHER. 100 Webster. St.
S2500— IMPROVED foothill farm. 204 acres; El
Dorado Co.. near R. R. • , Box £22, Call .
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale;, write for
free list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma, Cal.CLEVER PEOPLE WHO -WILL
EXERCISE' THEIR TALENTS
FOR SWEET CHARITY. .
'\u25a0 Does your dealer 'keep Jesse Moore .Whiskey?
If not. insist on his getting it for you.' The
finest! in. the world.'. . ' . '- ". ? \u25a0
Captains Bolles and Bulger, .United
States Local Inspectors of I Steam Vessels,
have exonerated Captain 'R. Zolling of the
steamship Washtenaw . from all : blame i in
connection with the stranding of that ves
sel near Cape : Flattery. . : \ ,
Captain Zolling Exonerated.
A'.. certain- Mathlas ScHoupal, who had
been ' disseminating- •• • th« \ ritual-murder
story, has been charged by the police of
Brunn •. for . incitement against the 'Jews
and insult ' committed against their re
ligion. ' . \u25a0 '- ; .', :'.. ' \ ;y-> ;',-. \u25a0\u25a0
McKinley Monument Fund.
Following is the statement to ; date of
the'McKlnley.monument'fund: -.
' Previously reported, $24,492 50; Clement Gram
mar School, $38 25; Irving Scott; Grammar
School $12 35; Thomas Magee & Sons, $25; total
to date. $24,668 10. .-. > •: ' ' . '.
Company H of the League of 'the' 4 Cross
Cadets will give its \u25a0; seventh \u25a0 annual en
tertainment and ballat Odd Fellows* Hall
to-morrow - night. '. The committee of . ar
rangements promises a programme of un
usual excellence. -. ' .
Cadets to Entertain."
Petitions in insolvency were filed in the
United States District Court yesterday as
follows:, ' ::'':\u25a0.. v
John F. Wlttsche, merchant, Fortuna,, Hum
boldt Coanty. liabilities $3896 90. no assets; J.
A. Kassebaum, Alameda, liabilities $1013, as
sets $100. ... v '
Petitions in Insolvency.
..The newly organized Irish Dancing Club
has elected Joseph P. Kelleher chairman
and has decided to affiliate with the Gae
lic League.- -The object of theclub is to
induce a love for Irish dances. - J. P. Kel
leher and J. J. O'Connor will act as In
structors. '•: The Gaelic League of Califor
nia is seeking affiliation with the national
organization. : of which Dr. Hyde is the
president." "Father' Yorke is the State
president. . -The object of the Gaelic
League is the cultivation of the Irish lan
guage and arts. (
To Join the Gaelic : Zieage.
The Hellenic Mutual ; Benevolent Society
held .its eleventh anniversary .'.ball. i last,
night at Union-square :Hall.- ; The affair:
was well attendee and a very -delightful
time was enjoyed. ..The^interior 'of -the
hall was artistically decorated, with .-lone
streamers of colored. bunting. \u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 . \u25a0 \u25a0. " - .
Hellenic , Society . Ball.
. Suits for divorce were, filed yesterday
by "\u25a0 Eunice Partridge . against Karl C.
Partridge for cruelty: Regina C. Nichol
son against Jacob Nicholson, for cruelty,
and John Roberts against L. Roberts, for
desertion. -\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0-.* .. vf .-.-
Divorcea were granted to Lottie May
Haley from John F. Haley for failure to
provide,' and Hjalmar Brunell from Marie
E.' Brunell for desertion. . * ';. . ... \u25a0 . . .: . .-
In. the Divorce Courts.
The candidacy of Lewis F. Byington for
District Attorney should guarantee the
city two more years' of his administra
tion. When the people have a public serv
ant who has proven himself -to- be honest
and capable, he should not be cast aside
to please political bosses or political par
ties. . . - . .; .
Mr. Byington has been 'tried, both as a
Supervisor and as District 'Attorney: > He
has not been found wanting in any're
spect and if the public appreciate faith
ful public service they will re-elect him.*
Lewis F. Byington for District . At
• toriey. "\u25a0 \ ' \u25a0-
Civil Service Examinations.
• An examination for field assistants of
the Board of Public "Works will be held
to-day at the City Hall.- There are four
teen positions to be -.filled and forty-one
applicants.- The examination will be di
vided, into, two sessions, and will be the
longest yet held. The morning sessions
will be devoted to mathematics and field
work. The afternoon will be taken ud
with "office work." .
HE last two days of the month—
, ,1 30th. and' the 31st— are not too
I' . soon for. the selection of gifts for
' JJL < Christmas and New Year, espe->
; . qially when there is an opportu-;
nity offered which will not come again.
Lady Managers of Woman's
Hospital Prepare for Sale
in Maple Rooms of Palace
ART WORKS WILL
ENRICH CHARITY
\u25a0Tickets are selling rapidly, boxes are
being taken and seats reserved at Sher
man & Clay's, and the prospect is that
the house itself with its fine audience will
not be less brilliant than the stage,
Mme. Camille d'Arville-Crellin, the dra
matic soprano, will be accompanied by
Miss Moroney; Paul Friedhofer, the
'cellist, will have as his accompanist Fred
Maurer Jr; Miss Alyce Gates' soprano
songs will be accompanied by Rbscoe
Warren- Lucy; Miss Eaton," the accom-*
plished violinist, will give a solo; ' La.
Paloma. quartet is> keeping- its own secret*,
but those four clever young women are
sure to give something fine in the way of
singing; Messrs, Kelly and Marlowe will
give, one of the best specialties in their
repertoire; Dr. 3.- Wilson Shiels will give
some '.Shakespearean . readings;, Miss
Eleanor Jenkins will furnish another sort
of dramatic interest in her opera bouffe
scene from "Girofle-Glrofla" ; "Tennes
see's Pardner" \u25a0will court smiles and tears
through one act of that bright sketch, 1
and- there will be, more and others to an
nounce another day. \u25a0• \u25a0 • ;
By this time pretty much, everybody has
seen the fetching posters in : prominent
windows and when they are sold at auc
tion, on Thursday by a very prominent
gentleman, who still remains jncog., there
will be . a scramble . to see who will get
them. '.'' • •' • " •
' Hospital are congratulating them
selves upon the interest taken by the pub
lic in that most worthy. charity, and also
upon the brilliant array of talent that has
come forward to. render the programme
attractive.
p"Tf"«a HE patronesses of the vaudeville
1 matinee to be given for. the benefit
II of tire Nurses' Home and Training
H School of the City and County
Exquisite goods from France and New
York,- rare old brocades made Into scores
of attractive objects, bits of work by local
artists," dainty wares fashioned by deft
fingers, things "that cost plenty of money
for. thepecunlous and things — of beauty,
too— that cost; very, little for those of the
rhorter purse. All these will crowd the
tables and, the booths in the Maple Boom
and will be sold by ladles in lovely gowns
and girls in pretty frocks. :. . . ..-,
•The afternoons and evenings will both
be. rarely, attractive.' Lillian Burkhart,
who ; had such , a warm welcome att tho
Orpheum Sunday, is going to be there.
There: will be fortunes told and.an;X-ray
exhibit of : popular .and scientific intefest.-
Admission • for • grown folks-will be 25
cents, : for children 10 cents.- • \u25a0 i
the Alhambra. Theater to
night. The production will be presented
in fine style by clever amateur and pro
fessional talent and will be for the benefit
of the church. The advance sale of tick
ets is large and a full house is assured.
The cast follows:
Dr. Paracelsus, Robert Lloyd; Carlos, son of
Balthazar. William M. Ogllvie; Senor Baltha
zar, Sancho, a porter, A. F. Schleicher; Perez,
another porter, John W. Madden; Don Pomy
poso Alguaztl, Charles L. Parent Jr. ; Donna
Lucrezla. wife of Dr. Paracelsus, Mrs. J. W:
Madden; Isabella, her daughter. Mrs. A. T.
Fletcher: Inez, her maid, Mrs. Em Hie Parent:
villagers of Alcantara — Dolores, Miss ' Jennie
Cronan; Carmen, Miss Lena Hachmeister; Ani
ta, Miss Anna Easton; Juanlta, Miss Margaret
Baston; Marie,- Mrs. Robert Lloyd; Pedrlllo, A.
E. J. Nye; Antonio, Roy B. Kay; Jose, John
H. O'Brien. - . \u25a0 - • .
The chorus— Robert Boner, Tom 'Martin, Al
fred Martin, H. Dumart. J. Maguire, J. Cogh
lan.E. Kugelberg, P. Mangan, P. Sullivan, E.
Keane, R, Shaefter, R. McDermott, J. Ryan, L.
Franchi, P. Meherln, F. McCarty, G. Shaw, "W. 11
Walsh. G. McCarthy, F. Oneito, F. McGovern,
J. Valentine, R. E. Valentine, ! J. Welsh, P.
Kennedy, Mrs. McGlade, Miss Fannie- Ryan,
Miss Nellie Morgan,, Miss Jessie McCarthy
Miss Gertie McDermott, Miss Elizabeth Lav
ery. Miss Agnes Supple, Miss Mary Madden,
Miss Frances .Madden, Miss Maud Shortall
Miss Mary O'Brien, Miss Kittle Allen, Miss
Lulu Dineen, Miss Nellie Henne, Miss Elle
Hame. Miss Isabel Coghlan, Miss Marie Cogh
lan,- Miss I Belle .Hedderle, Miss Alice Kugel
berg. Miss Mabel Wiljuns and Miss Annie'
O'Sullivan. ,:, , ' . . S
Miss -Edith Adams, accompanist.
and which affdrds a chance .to
do - good \u25a0 as •\u25a0• well as to gratify
the. personal taste of the buyer. 1
And - all this .will i happen at i the Maple
Room of 'the Palacje Hotel on 'Wednesday
and Thursday, afternoons and evenings oC
this week, when, under the direction of
the. Board of Lady Managers of the."Wo
man's Hospital, there will be "held a sale
for the "benefit of the free ward and the
free clinic of the hospital.
THE ladies and gentlemen con
nected with Sacred Heart parish
will produce the pretty comic
opera, "The Doctor of Alcantara,"
"A Billionaire" was written by Peter
Robertson, a Bohemian Club man. There
are eight characters in the sketch, and
the text Is said to be bubbling over with
witty lines and clever situations.
Orrin Peck will play the part of a girl,
fair and only 17 and full of wisdom. Dr.
J. Wilson Shiels is the billionaire, who in
the development of the play is discovered
to be a faker— a "billoinaire" in his mind
only. J. C. Wilson runs through the play
as an "oil boomer"; Charles : Dickman is
Snapps, an artist; Dick Hotallng will play
the part of a tramp, and Beverly Letcher
a servant. There is "also a "policeman"
in the cast, but his identity off the stage
has not yet been disclosed.
The clubmen are having frequent re
hearsals, and those who have been priv
ileged to attend them declare that in this
sketch they are going to surpass even the
splendid record they have .previously es
tablished.
Unusual interest is being manifested in
the skit, "A Billionaire," in which' the
Bohemian Club men will appear. The
talent and versatility of the brilliant club
men are a well established fact, but the
public has never been allowed to revel in
it The Bohemian heretofore . has sung
and played and danced and quipped his
jokes to the delight and. for the delight of
his fellow clubmen only. The doll show
will be the first time that Bohemian talent
may be seen and enjoyed outside the'sa
cred precincts of Bohemian Clubdom.
the grand doll show to be held, at
the Palace Hotel on the 8th and 9th of
November.
THE most encoutoging reports
come from all the . committees of
Doctor's Daughters, who are busy
ana hard at work preparing for
at Turn" Verein Hall on Turk
street last night exceeded anticipations.
Every corner of the hall was crowded
and the tic-a-tic-tac of the wheels of for
tune, the clinking of glasses, the ringing
voices of the auctioneers and the piping
trebles of the ladies made a bedlam of
sounds that served well to distract men
from the present and translate, them-
t-^-^fl- ACH ; nlght^Qf . the_ golden iubllee
fair of the San Francisco Turn
™ Verein seems to arid to It3 at
t^ tractiveness. The attendance
Mme. Camille d'Arville-Crel
lin Will Be an Attraction
. at Nurses' Home Benefit
"'Doctor of Alcantara" to Be
Given by Sacred Heart
Parishioners for Charity
Turn Verein Jubilee Fair Is
Attracting Much Attention
Among Lovers of Germany
Bohemians Will Contribute
to Success of Affair by
Appearing in Clever Skit
WILL SING FOR
SWEET CHARITY
OPERETTA FOR
CHURCH BENEFIT
SCHWABEN VEREIN
AT KRAEHWINKEL
DAUGHTERS BUSY
WITH SHOW PLANS
Mrs. Blair and Miss Jennie Blair are
preparing to leave their Van Ness avenue
home and to go to- the' Richelieu," where
they intend to pass "the" winter. "
Mr. and "Mrs. : Joseph S. Tobln have
taken the Blair home on "Van Ness avenue
and will move in on November L
Thirty ladies enjoyed a delightful after
noon at a euchre party at the home of
Mrs. Foute yesterday afternoon. Six ta
bles were ranged in the drawing rooms,
which were gay with bright blossoms, and
a warmly contested gauie was played.
The hours were from 2 till. 6. .After the
game there was a dainty service of re
freshments and an hour; spent in pleasant
conversation.
Apropos of golfing, news comes via New
York that the Brookline Country Club,
which has an excellent 18-hole course, is
preparing to make a strong bid for the
women's national championship next year.
The excellent showing of the Boston
women on the New Jersey links, although
disappointed in not winning the leading
honor, will be used as a strong argument
in favor of the move. The qualifying six
teen included seven members of clubs In
or near Boston, and they also showed up
well in the consolation set. Miss Elizabeth
Porter of the Oakley Club winning the
cup. The Brookline Club has always
taken a prominent part in the encourage
ment of women's golf, and holds an open
tournament for the fair players every
year.
SMALL and altogether exclusive
will be the meetings of the Fri
day Fortnlghtlys this winter. The
dancing class will meet six times
and the opening cotillon will be
held on the evening of November 22. As
usual, the meetings will take place at
Cotillon Hall and are to "be characterized
by the Eame delightful - informality and
early hours that made the Fortnlghtlys
to vastly popular during last winter. The
Christmas meeting, as has # heretofore been
the custom, will be an army and navy
cotillon.
At the first cotillon nearly all the de
butantes will be present. I know that
Miss Catherine Robinson, Miss Pearl Zan
ders. Miss Annie Foster and Miss Frances
licKinetry are going and that all these
charming buds anticipate a most delight
ful season.
I am inclined to believe that of all these
dainty debutantes Miss Catherine Robin
son will be the most sought after. She is
a graceful maid, with bright eyes and
glowing cheeks, and a manner that every
one is going to find vecy hard to resist.
Miss Robinson Is the daughter of C. P.
Kobiireon and a niece of Mrs. Jarboe and
Mrs. Monroe Salisbury.
The demands for cards to the Fort
nightlys have been eo great and the hall
accommodations are so liraited that no out
side invitations will be issued this year.
When the class was first organized invita
tions were restricted to the visiting lists
of the original patronesses, Mrs. Ira
Pierce, Mrs. Gordon Blanding and Mrs.
Monroe Salisbury. These same lists will
this year govern the sending out of invi
tations.
BY SALLY. SHARP.
selves back to old "Kraehwinkel," where
open handed and unrestricted giving was
always in vogue.
The Catholic Ladles' Aid Society's booth
will hold a reception and offer a musical
programme to-night at • the bazaar.
"Wednesday afternoon the Ladies'- Aid So
ciety holds a luncheon and hopes all the
ladies of the society will attend. The
Children of Mary will give a reception to
their friends on Thursday evening.
On Wednesday evening the League of
the Cross Band will give a promenade
concert. The bazaar is most attractive
and the ladies in charge hope the ma
jority of Catholics will attend before the
week -Is over.
There was a g-ood sized crowd In at
tendance. All patronized the various
booths about the big: pavilion and were
greatly interested In the reception at the
St. Cecelia's booth. At tho booth there
was a violin and piano solo by the Misses
Lydla and Jennie Kavanaugh. a vocal solo
by Miss E. Barnes and a piano solo by
Mrs. Alice E. Harris. There were other
Interesting features of the programme.
St. Cecelia's booth Is in charge of Mrs.
John A. Lennon.
THE automobile at the Cathedral
bazaar In Mechanics' Pavilion, did
a large business last night and
the ladles feel confident that It la
soon to become a great factor In
travel.
Ladies in Generous Rivalry
Introduce New Features to
Attract Popular Attention
Lines to Be Closely Drawn
at the .Friday Fortnight
lys This Coming Winter
CATHEDRAL FAIR
GAINS IN FAVORS
FUNCTIONS WILL
BE EXCLUSIVE
SOCIETY CONCERNS ITSELF WITH THE WINTER SEASON'S FUNCTIONS AND TAKES
A LIVELY INTEREST IN THE SUCCESS OF VARIOUS CHARITY ENTERTAINMENTS
14
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, OCTOBER 29, 1901
Big Slaughter Sale
of Uriderski'ts.
Bought all the manufacturer
had, at a great loss to him. About
2OOO Skirts in all. "Will 'share the
; Big,' Buy with '.you. To-day, ,we
offer, you the; greatest values in
.Women's Underskirts we've j ever
offered. ; Here - they go : /
M m _' For choice., of ' lot . of
4-3C SKIRTS: some : worth \u25a0\u25a0•• as :
> "^ r. high as $1.50. • ,; ..-.,. \u25a0,. •'.;',
' For SKIRTS made of mercer-
flTI* Ized sateen,. flounce lined and
",. V. \u25a0 trimmecr with j three EJ small
ruffles, good $1.25 value. .
f\S " For . SKIRTS trimmed with
*-f Tl^ 12 rows:' of - cording, - flounce
*"* lined "and trimmed with 10-
inch ruffle of accordeon plaiting, worth
,$LgO. \u25a0 •-\u25a0,\u25a0.,\u25a0.-....\u25a0. '\u25a0 -•/:•.: :.
f\F^ For; SKIRTS made of black
*#j)|_* and white -striped, mercerized
. 'Italian sateen, cut very wide,
flounce lined 'and accordeon plaited and
trimmed with black ruching, good $1.50
'value.'" r '' .-.-.\u25a0 : <\u25a0 -i;.;.- - . •
*N «• ig\ For SKIRTS. made of mer-
o) E • I vr cei "ized j sateen, flounce lined
. .... .and . trimmed, with '-.cording.
and -ruffles': regular value $1.75. \u25a0 . ; -
iflt 1l£\ SKlftTS ~; made of
blfvck .. mercerized .\u25a0\u25a0 sateen,"'
, r. ...._. — flounce lined and trimmed
with ruffles; regular ; $2.00 skirt; : .:;
<fl> g ''\u25a0 M mm For choice ' of BLACK
"VO I m*\-r% MERCERIZED ITALIAN
" M^"* ..Vf SATE'B N SKIRTS,
trimmed . 4 rows of neat ruffling, also
black and- white striped mercerized
sateen skirts,- flounce lined and ;ac-
> cordeon plaited; regular. $2.25. : ; \u25a0 ; -
it? I ' t\ CT For BLACK MERCER-'
vDB.:J3 IZED ITALIAN SATEEN
'^^ SKIRTS, .trimmed- with
\u25a0 rows of black ' velvet sibbon,' flounce
.lined and accordeon plaited; . regular
\u25a0 $3.50 value. , . ,\u25a0\u25a0- ... '. ; \u25a0. . ' \u25a0 . . : : . . "
'tf» '.Qi : -f\ m , For' ; SKIRTS made of
•%n J«^3 best silk moreen, in the
\u25a0T. ... : \u25a0\u25a0 newiblack'and white' ef-
fect, come also in plain black; regular.
*5.00, quality. . \u25a0.-..-: -. , . =
All underskirts on - sale come; In all:
the new colors, including black.
1212-1214 MARKET ST.,
,\u25a0 ./\u25a0\u25a0 Between Taylor and JonaB. - 1 .
ADVEBTISETYTrTNTS. nnnn
»\u25a0I\u25a0\u25a0I^x\u25a0.I\u25a0\u25a0^.;.\u25a0^.^•\u25a0I\u25a0\u25a0^\u25a0I\u25a0jM^\u25a0^\u25a0I\u25a0\u25a0^\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0I\u25a0\u25a0l\u25a0\u25a0l\u25a0\u25a0I\u25a0\u25a0!.I.\u25a0I\u25a0\u25a0:\u25a0\u25a0I\u25a0\u25a0^! 1 1 i'm-i-i-: i : 1 1 :-i-i i i'm-m
I THE
I SAN FRANCISCO BLUE BOOK
The fashionable Private Address Di-
? v rectory, now being compiled for the
t Season 19OM9O2.
I II - — — —
? This year's edition will embrace In departments San Francisco. Oakland. Ala-
- - metla Berkeley San Rafael Sausalito. Sacramento. Stockton. San Jose. San Mateo.
J. Burlihgame Palo Alto. Los Angeles, San Diego, Army and Navy, Personnel of the
T Press Theater Diagrams San Francisco Calling List by Streets: Membership, with
* addresses of all the clubs; Winter Guests at the Leading Hotels. San Francisco Street
**" and Avenue Guide. Street Car Routes. Shopping Guide, etc.. etc. The Alphabetical
"I* List will contain the names, addresses, reception days, private telephones and coun-
*«* try residences of ' the . most prominent families. The compilation, printing, binding-.
V paper and art work will be the very best In quality, workmanship and careful
4* scrutiny The large advance subscription list already secured attests the growing
-'« Donularity of this publication, and In this connection we have the highest Indorse-
"•?• ment of the most prominent business houses by their patronage In advertisements.
.?. -Address all changes in address, etc., to .
t • Telephone West 839.
>f ".\u25a0.":"-'\u25a0;\u25a0' \u25a0 :-\u25a0\u25a0\u25a0 - — '...\u25a0.. . — : — - -
% V CHARLES C^ HO AG, .
Editor and Publisher,
| Post St. '. . San Francisco.
Jv ........ -....'» »\u25a0».»-» » .»-T-».>-t-t-»-t..»-t-.t-T-t--..»..»..». » . . » »__.__T__.._»....« . .
% STYLE and COMFORT can
just as well be obtained in Car-
riages as in clothes or other
wearing apparel. Do not be sat-
isfied with an old, out-of-date
vehicle, buy a STUDEBAKER.
KTUIBBAKTil?
Market and Tenth Streets.
1^1 >' "<^S»"lE^'' P E RMANENTLY
f^M B .r m :^^ CURED. No surgery
« * *\u25a0\u25a0' *~^ *—~ or delay. Names ot
50 prominent ; business men sent as reference.
600 cures In S. F.' For particulars address
PHYSICIAN, box 1950.; Call office.
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
"THE SUPERIOR OF
THEM ALL"
Eveiylhteg that tends to
speed, comfort, pleasure and
luxury unlimited. Beeerr*
berths for this famous train
at 641 Market street.
IT LEAVES EVERY MONDAY AMD '
THURSDAY, 9.00 A. M. r ON THE
SANTA FE
THE. WEEKLY CALi>
St per Year. »
&&od3hav@ftng Companions
\ are our $3. 50 shoes for men and women.
Luxurious comfort is the keynote of
their manufacture. The perfect hygienic
fit of our footwear gives absolute physi-
cal ease, while the richly jg|hQ
finished, exclusive shapes < pW^J\
ora^ifv and sooth° thp pup / >t /• / 1
; No shoes at so low a price & * wm&if J