VOLUME XC-NO. 80.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, MOND^, A:^GUST 19, 1901.
"The generosity of the War Depart
ment," he says, "in providing medi
cal officers and supplies , and the
skillful administration - of Colonel
Charles R. Greenleaf, . now chief
surgeon of • the Department of Cali
fornia, stationed in this city, have
brought about sanitary and hygienic con
ditions in the army of the Philippines,
probably unexampled in the history of
any army stationed, in the tropics. I look
upon the state of affairs in\this particular/
as a splendid exemplification of the har
mony prevailing between the authorities
in Washington ancl the administration in
Manila. These facts touching the health
conditions of our soldiers across the "Pa
cific should give great * satisfaction
throughout the country. The department
has been more than generous- in its sup
plies, of. food and _ck> thing.. Generous.. not _
only as regards quantity, but seeing to it
that the quality of/ everything is the best
possible. ." Just look' at that Fourteenth,
Infantry. .Those men have done all kinds:
of hardjwork . Jn_the_Phillppines_and _ in.
and around the city of Manila and in
looking after the Ijealth and comfort of
the men.
Aguinaldo* s capture he deems an im
portant military event. It not only re
moved his' Influence from the insurgents,
When General MacArthur left Manila
affairs there were settling down satisfac
torily. The natives, he says, like the
Americans better as they get better ac
quainted, and he does not expect any
trouble with those of them -who have been
in contact with .their new rulers.
transport Sheridan. Since
leaving Manila, which he' did on July 4.
Immediately after the inauguration of
civil government, General MacArthur has
spent several weeks resting in \ Japan.
This vacation and the sea voyage have re
moved -whatever traces his hard work in
the Philippines might have left, and the
gallant officer returns to his native land
sunburned and sound and in every way
fit to enjoy the .comforts to which he
said good-by wlvsn he assumed the com
mand of Uncle Sam's new military de
partment.
MAJOR GENERAL, ARTHUR
MacARTHUR, late command
er of the Department of the
Philippines, returned yester
day a passenger on the army
Four, months later he was promoted to a
"captaincy. •
From 18G5 to 18S9 ho saw service at the
various army posts throughout the United
States, taking part ¦ in many skirmishes
and battles with the Indians and outlaws,
who for many years made the life of a
soldier stationed along < the frontier one
of hardship and dang'er. .
He was appointed major and assistant
adjutant general July 1, 18S9, and ; : while.
THE EX-MILITARY GOVERNOR OF .
THE PHILIPPINES, WHO RE
TURNED YESTERDAY.
Continued on Page Two.
C MELBOURNE, '_ Aug." 18.— Four masked
men armed with, revolvers held up a tram
car in the suburbs* of Melbourne late to
night and rifled elght~passengers of their
money, and Jewelry, after which they de
camped.
Masked . Men Rob a- Tramcar.
i The most interesting. development " was
the news contained in impress
from Quito that Ecuadorean , troops ¦ .were
ready to invade Colombia, iand . that a
battle was imminent near -Pastol '¦ r Mr.
Silva, • the \ Colombian -Minister,'. •; while
without advices from. his Government, *ox- :
pressed the belief that'teiajjDeW'.ejCDedi£
) There is very little news to-day' bearing
on the Colombian-Venezuelan ., trouble.
Secretary Hay received ' no; dispatches.
The Colombian and Venezuelan legations'
>were similarly without advices.
men against the wishes of Colombia. It Is
not probable that any landing will be
made until the 'Colombian Government
either asks for it or assents to it. \
¦ fPasto; where; a' battle Is reported imini-'
nerit; • is in the • Department, .of .. Cauca,
internal revolution* in Colombia," unless
something I unforeseen has ¦ occurred, of
which" he has 'not been "'advised.', ' Many
Colombian "revolutionists ' have acquired
arms' and other equipment from- people
in'.Ecuador and started expeditions, three
of these having been organized last" year, 1
mostly -composed of Colombians, aided
by the sympathies and resources of some
of 'the.:Ecuadoreans.'-" All of ¦ theseexpedi-^
tlbns have "failed. Mr/ Silva said to-night
that the Government, of . Ecuador always
ihad ' protested that; It 'had made -the ut
most effort to observe, the neutrality, laws
and ' sought to : prevent 'these invasions, v.
Minister . Silva ; is , in receipt- of , a letter
¦ fronv-.Emilio "Izaza; the " Colombian : Min
ister: at -, Quito, -referring ;to . the • ''cordial'
treatment • he .- ; had received / ; from -the
fecuaabr : Government^ arid : the, courtesies
generally- extended •him '-. in his journey
through "that < country; '.Minister - Sllva
consequently/ is of • the opinion .' that" the
new -movement is . in connection -with the
tion was a part of the revolutionary
movement,^ and that it was In no sense
organized "byi the Ecuadorean Govern
ment. He'said that , many yeare ago
there had been. friction between. the two
Governments,-. but .that in recent years no
important- controversial issues had been
raised j between them.
where the population is dense and credit
,ed with a warlike spirit. The region is
very ; mountainous,' and there are some
passes across which . only a ¦ well-trained
expedition can go. The Rio' Mayo,* a wide
river, also offers an obstacle to invasion.
It was here, during the war for independ
ence,'-that; General Bolivar and General
Suare. with • all the resources at .'•'¦. their
command, had their forces detained : for
¦along period by the people of the pro
vince.'.
TEOOFSWILL NOT BE LAUDED.
United States to Wait Until Colombia
Asks for Interference.
WASHINGTON, Aug. 18,-Captain Perry
of the battleship Iowa, now at San Fran
cisco, has telegraphed to the Navy De
partment an acknowledgment of his In
structions to proceed to the west coast of
Panama in connection with the revolu
tionary troubles, but reports that the boil
ers a'nd some other parts of the vessel
need Immediate attention. It is hoped by
the department, however, that she. will be
able to sail some time to-morrow.
Scnor Bllva, Colombian Minister .to the
United States, is satisfied that the reports
that have been received indicating that
Dr. Sanclemente. former President of Co
lombia, is supporting the insurrection are
not correct. While he does" not under-
Etand that Dr. Sanclemente is in entire
accord with the administration of Presi
dent Marroquin, he does not believe that
he has gone over to^the insurgents.
Minister Silva's dispatches mention
nothing of the kind. He does not believe
the reports that Venezuela has been in
vaded from Colombia in the sense ' that
any Colombians participated in the Inva
elon, though he regards it as possible the
Venezuelans who are' participating in the
Insurrection in that country against Presi
dent Castro may have organized on the
natives. Of Aguinaldo personally General
MacArthur has a high opinion, and de
clares him to be very much more of a'
man ¦¦ than Americans who hava, not been
in actual contact with him give him credit
for being.
On the subject of himself and his admin
istration the general is modestly silent.
He speaks In glowing, terms, however,- of •
the work of the medical department both
in 'improving the hygienic conditions in
Colombian side of the frontier. In. the
same way he discredits the reports ' that
guerrilla bands which have been operating
on the Isthmus of Panama are . composed
of Nicaraguans. He regards it as possible
that some disaffected. Colombian refugees
In Nicaragua may have led a few Indi
vidual Nicaraguans to Join them in an at
tempt to make trouble on the isthmus,
but he does not believe that the Nicara
guan Government has connived at their
action. I '.
Minister Silva believes It will not '.be
necessary for the United States to land
men on the isthmus to maintain, freedom
of communication. There is :no ! intention
on the part of the United States- to -land
» General MacArthur was one of the 'last
of the general . of the arrays or
dered to Manila. He arrived here en route
to the islands in June, 1S98,- and was here
but a few weeks when he took his de
parture for the scene of strife in the
Orient. He , made his | presence felt , im
mediately after this arrival and up to the
time of his departure accomplished many
wonderful feats in his encleavors to sub
due the wily Filipino.
since entering. the army service at the
commencement of the Civil, War is* one
of which to be proud. During the four
years of the war he received a number of
brevets for gallantry, on 'the field. ¦¦ 'At
the battle of Missionary Ridge he* behaved
with such bravery that, he was voted, a
medal by Congress. , His entry into the
regular army was made February 23. 1866.
when he received an appointment as first
lieutenant in the Seventeenth Infantry.
performing the duties of that office es
tablished a reputation which marked. him
as one of the most thorough soldiers in
.the army. He '.was appointed lieutenant
colonel May 2S. 1896. ; ._
/ ! One month after the outbreak ; of the
'-, Spanish- American 'war he ' was : commls
; stoned brigadier general of United . States
j volunteers and - a short time afterward.
was made a major general of .volunteers:
•He commanded the Second Division of the
. Eighth | Army Corps -in Cuba and ably '
'. seconded General >Shafter in; the move
ments which resulted in* the surrender of
the Spanish army 'at Santiago. After the-,
surrender he was detailed for special duty
' at Havana and received, the thanks of the
¦ .War, Department for the able manner in
which he performed It. } '
but transferred it to the American side.
Aguinaldo, the general says, has lent the
administration much assistance in
straightening out . affairs and bringing
about a proper understanding with the
Manila, and they look to-day as if they
had been on the training table."
General MacArthur speaks in glowing
terms of Japan. The people, he said,
were healthy, happy and apparently pros
perous. They treated him most hospita
bly, and his visit to the land of the cherry
blossom will ¦ always remain in his mem
ory, he says,' as one of the most delight
fuJ experiences in his life.
The record of General Arthur MacArthur
"By this time the ship's boats were
loaded and had got away, and while tha
officers were getting out the last life raft.
Captain Foote called to all hands to clear
the ship as she was about to go down.
This ' was the captain's last order, as at
that "moment the ship sank, and the cap
tain, leaping clear of the wreck", was
"Steward Simpson lost ten In his depart
ment, and his description of the wreck is
very clearly given. He was awakened by
the shock and could not get out of his
stateroom until he broke out of the win
dow. He reached the bridge, where Pilot
Lablond was on watch, and with the mats
ordered out Jhe lifeboats, as she was then
filling fast and the chief engineer report
ed- the pumps unable to take care of the
water. He alao went' below with an ax,
broke down the lower stateroom doors and
stayed with his work until the water
forced him to so to the upper deck.
Heroic Work of a Steward.
"The description of the disaster by tha
survivors Is heartrending, and those who
live to tell the story are each and every
one heroes and worthy of being called
men and women. The Islander struck an
Iceberg, and so severe was the shock that
every door. was jammed fast In the state
rooms, and the ill-fated passengers, num
bering 107, and a crew cf seventy-one wer»
forced to break through the windows t»
reach the deck.
"The word reached Treadwell at 8:30 a.
m. by a party of passengers, headed by
the chief engineer, who walked up tha
beach, a distance of twenty-five, miles, to
appeal to the city for help. The Tread
well steamer Lucy and the Juneau steam
er Flossie promptly responded. The Flos
sie arrived In from the scene of the wreck
at 12 o'clock with her flag at half-mast
and six dead bodies on board, and tha
passengers.
off Douglas Island. Sixty-five
persons were drowned. An extra edition
of the Juneau dispatch says:
VICTORIA. B. C, Aug. 18.— The
steamer Islander, the crack Alas
kan vessel, was wrecked last
Thursday at 2 o'clock in the
morning by striking an Iceberg
"Jealousy of the United States is also
noticeable In the acrid comments on the
affair between Venezuela and Colombia."
"'This seems to confirm the anticipation
that the powerful influence of the Ger
man agrarians will compel all the Conti
nent states to adopt high tariffs.
"A resolution was also adopted declar
ing that the projected tariff rendered an
increase of the duties proposed by the
Austrian agricultural interests necessary.
the agricultural interests of Austria, at
a recent session in the Government de
partment entrusted with the preparation
of commercial treaties, unanimously
adopted a resolution declaring that they
regarded the proposed German tariff as
the first step in the direction of such a
combination, and that one of the import
ant tasks of the Austrian Government
would be to pave the way to an under
standing with Germany on that subject
The most Influential representatives of
LONDON, Aug. 19.— In a dispatch deal-
Ing at considerable length with the pro
posed anti-American trade combination,
the Vienna correspondent of the Times
says:
as the First Step of Conti
nental Europe. .
Proposed German Tariff Is Regarded
COKCBHTATION AGAHTST
UNITED STATES TRADE
"WTLXiEMSTAD, Island ,of Curacao.
Aug. IS (via Haytien cable).— President
Castro of Venezuela some days ago sent to
Cueraia, Colombia, ammunition, arms and
men to assist In the Colombian revolu
tion.
Emllio Fernandez, former Governor- of
Caracas, under President Castro and sub
. sequently administrator of laws of La
Guayra, who finally declared against Cas
tro, has left Curacao, accompanied by
sixty partisans, with the announced Inten
tion % of invading Venezuela. ' -,_
It is reported that Segundo Rivera- has*
.eJso effected a landing. '*';lAg.
COLON, Colombia, Aug. IS.— -Statements -
Biade by passengel* whV arrived hereby es-"
terday en the steamer Canada from Ven
ezuelan ports clearly show that there Is
much political unrest throughout Venezu-;
«la. The passengers were not permitted'
to land indiscriminately. No authentic
version of the recent border engagements
could be obtained from any of them, but
the evidence all points to serious internal
dissensions.
It Is reported here that the insurgent
General Ruiz has landed near Panama
from the south. v probably from Guayaquil.
BERLIN, Aug. 18.— The German Gov
ernment has ordered the cruiser Vlneta,
•which Is off the eastern coast of' South
"Africa, to proceed to Venezuelan waters
to be in readiness to protect German In
terests if any emergency should arise.
Fauengen t
E. .MILLS.
MRS. J. C. IIEXOERSOX,
Victoria.
MRS. R. ROSS, Governor
RojV wife; BABY A.\D
NIECE.
DR. DCTCAX.
MB. BELL.
MRS. ' CAPTAO XICKER
SOX. .
SIRS. J. "to. SMITH, Van
couver. :.¦:', : : : ':
J. L. BETIIEX, VanconTtr.
¦ MRS. PHILLIPS and
CHILD, Seattle. '
MRS. J. L. WILSOX, Seat
tle.
J. M. DOUGLASS, of Keller.
Douglass A Co., Vancouver.
• W. H. KEALEY and TWO
SOSS'of KoUalla.
_;W. G. PKESTOX and
BRIDE, Seattle.' -
P. BURKE.
II. P. Bl'RKE.
AEIL FOLK.
DOLL and TWO CHIL
DRE.V.
MRS. HALL, Victoria.
MRS. NICHOLSON, irife of
Captain Nicholson.
SIRS. "W. SMITH, Vancou
ver.
MRS. J. L. WILCO.T, Seat-
CAPTAIN F00TE.
GEORGE ALLEN, third tn-
STtneer.
HORACE SMITH, second
gfeward. \
8. J. PITTS, cook.
TWO CHINESE.
BVCKHOLDER and BCRK,
TAVO FIRE3IEN.
NIGHT SALOON ' WATCH
.MAN KENDALL.
JOE BEARD, . second pan
tryman. .
GEORGE MILLS, barber.
HUGH PORTER, coal
passer.
SI. FOLK, Mloon waiter.
THE DROWNED.
QUITO, Ecuador, Aug. 18.— A
fores of Ecoadorean troops is ready
to invade Colombia and a battle is
imminent near Pasto, just beyond the
Colombian frontier and about 150
miles northeast of Quito.
Survivors Arrive at Victoria and Fur*
'nish Details of the Great Dis~ /./**'
- /aster Near Douglass : , j
Island.
"Upon Castro's Strong
holds.
Tomer Governor of Caracas Heads a
. Force That Will in Turn Move
Heroes Strive to Save Men
and Women From En-J
gulfing Sea.
Battle Will Be Fought Near
Paste, a Town on the
Frontier.
Heartrending Scenes as
the Big Vessel Goe^
Down.
Armed Force Is Ready
for Invasion of
Colombia.
PASSENGERS
SHRIEK FROM
ICY WATERS
ECUADOREAN
TROOPS AID
VENEZUELA
MAJOR GENERAL MACARTHUR, BACK FROM MANILA,
TELLS OF IMPROVEMENTS IN THE ARMY HEALTH
¦¦¦ ¦ •¦ - - ¦ ¦ '••¦¦ ¦ ¦ ¦¦
Commander of the American Troops in the Islands Declares He Has No Fears of Trouble
in the Future With Those Filipinos Who Have Been in Contact With the Americans.
"The More They See of Us the Better" They Like Us," He Says, "and Aguinaldo Is a
Better Man Than We Gave Him Credit For"— Pays Glowing Tribute to Col. Greenleaf
STEAMSHIP ISLANDER CRASHES INTO A NORTHERN ICEBERG IN THE NIGHT
AND SIXTY-FIVE LIVES ARE LOST IN THE SEA OFF THE ALASKAN COAST
The San Francisco Call.COMMANDANT LOUIS BOTHA, THE j INTREPID BOER PATRIOT, WHO
IS KEEPING BRITISH LEADEK3 GUESSING IN SOUTH AFRICA.
REPRODUCED FROM BLACK AND WHITE.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. 18.-The Pacifies of
San Francifco won the cricket game to
day with the Country Club. The score was
1S4 to. 80. ; .This settles the question of the
pennant; ;majjlng.. Alameda > first, Santa
Cruz second; Pacifies third and Sacra
rat n to lQ\iTXZLZ- i &fiSSBBS&G&>:'
Alameda Cricketers Lead.
Wanted — Workingrcen to keep away from San
Francisco. The Employers' Association has de
cided that ¦workmen shall not be nermltted to
organize for mutual protection. They mean to
starve us Into submission and have tried to do
eo by refusing supplies to our families. We are
all locked out on strike and request. you to keep
away from San Francieco. -, ¦ •¦¦. -j -.-..¦
By order of City Front Federation of San
Francisco.
OAKLAND, Aug. 18.— Following la a
copy of a printed circular which is being
freely distributed Jn- towns throughout
Alamcda County:' *.
Urges Laborers to Keep Away.
which was attended by twenty, cardinals
and some 150 archbishops and bishops. He
seemed. to be in excellent health.
In the course of an address he referred
to the constant progress -of ..the Roman
Catholic church, {especially in the United
States and Great Britain. He ' conversed
In an animated way with the cardinals.
Holds a Reception and Converses in
an Animated Way With Cardi- ,
. /. nals and Bishops. .
.ROME, • Aug. 18.— To-day being i St.
Joachim's day, the Pope-held a reception,
POPE LEO IS AT PRESENT
ENJOYING GOOD HEALTH
MOBILE. Ala., Aug. 18.— The Louisville
and Nashville Railroad, which was put
out of business between this city and New
Orleans by the gulf storm, was put in
condition to-day,' tho first train from New
Orleans arriving in Mobile during the day.
Telegraphic communication with New
Orleans was obtained to-day for the first
time - since the storm. : ¦ Several linemen
who have been working below came' into
Mobile to-night. They; say that the water
In the : Texas , swamp, .'through which the
Louisville and Nashville runs, completely
demoralized the wild animals which have
their haunts *n : that wild waste.. Many
deer • came upon the 1 railroad . to escape
the flood, and a lineman caught one which
was so exhausted- by swimming :¦. that it
was unable to get away. A big black
bear : also came out of the swamp; but
was not captured.- , .
Information to-day from the American
steamer Evelyn, ashore on the south coast
near -the ) entrance" to Pensacola harbor;
isto the effect, that: she; lies in an easy
position and can probably be pulled off.'
bile and New Orleans.
Hailroad and Telegraphic Communi
cation Is Resumed Between Mo-
REPAIRING THE DAMAGE
WROUGHT BY GTJLF STORM
"The Missouri Pacific Limited."
The only route having through Bleeping
car service between Saa Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full Information ask L.
M. Fletcher. 120 California street •
NEW YORK. Aug. 18.— The Fort Hamil
ton division of the United States volun
teer life-saving corps held Its second an
nual "endurance swim" to-day. About
ten members of the corps, four from the
Bay Ridge corps, recently organized, and
one young woman. Miss Florrie West
made the start from Clifton, Staten Isl
and. Lieutenant Edward Brecker of Bath
Beach was the first to make the Fort
Hamilton pier, a mile and a half across
-the Narrows. Miss West, who finished
well up. was the only woman to take the
swim, in spite of the open invitation to
"all the young women of Brooklyn and
New York."
by a Volunteer Xdfe-Saving
Corps.
Participates in a Feat of Endurance
DAEIKG WOMAN" SWIMS
ACEOSS THE NAEEOWS
There are several vessels at the wharves
almost ready to clear. The Anubis is load
ed and will probably, get away to-day;
and the work of discharging the Ore
gonlan is progressing so rapidly that in a
few days she will be able to get away.
The Sonoma has discharged- her cargo of
sugar at the refinery deck and Is being
coaled. She will probably be brought
around to the Pacific- street wharf to-day
for her load of freight. The Pleiades was
towed to Oakland yesterday,, where the
work of taking her c.irgo of coal out will
be attempted. ', ?
The steamship Peru, which sailed from
here Saturday, carried as part of her car
go twenty-five tons of codfish, and that
she did not Bail without it was due to the
herculean efforts of the entire clerical
force of the Union- Fish Company. Owing
to the strike at the box factories boxes
In which to pack the fish for . shipment
were not to be had. Search was made
over the entire town for cases by the pro
proprietors, but in vain. Lumber, how
ever, was procurable; and " to make the
best of a bad bargain the proprietors and
their clerks laid in a supply of boards
and started to work making boxes. They
proved good sawyers and nailers, and
managed to get the fish ready for ship
ment on the Peru, but only after working
for several nights and days.
The collier Tellus. which left port for
the Sound late Saturday night, carried
two extra firemen. Captain Petersen had
made arrangements for six men, and ' a
short time after his vessel had got under
way he found that he had eight men in
the firerooms feeding the furnaces. He
took the two extra men along with him,
as he figured that some less fortunate
captain about the Sound ports might need
their services.
Yesterday was not. a day of rest on the
water front. At almost^every wharf there
were gangs of men at' work, and a great
deal was accomplished toward relieving
the congestion of freight and shipping.
The schooner S. T. Alexander, heavily
laden with freight and carrying a deck
load of lumber, got away for the Islands,
as did also- the barks Olympic and San
tiago. Tbe Olympic in addition to her
large cargo carried a deckload of horses
and mules. All three vessels- were fully
manned with non-union crews.
Every Wharf.
Gangs of Men at Work on Almost
NOT A DAY OF BEST.
TACOMA. Wash., Aug. 18.— To-day's
Oriental advices give further details of
terrible floods in the I'angtse Kiang Val
ley during July. It is estimated that not
less than 20,000 people were drowned In
the provinces of Kiangsi, Hupeh, Hunan
and Anhui, while tens cf thousands have
been rendered homeless. The provinces of
Kiangsi and Hunan have suffered most
severely and boatmen estimate that not
less than 15.000 people lost their lives in
Kiangsi alone.
During June and July rain, fell inces
santly forty days through the Yangtse
Valley, causing the heaviest precipitation
known in centuries according to Chinese
records. Suddenly in July the Yangtse
River broke through its banks in numer
ous places and great floods began sweep
ing down the valley, carrying with them
numerous corpses of men and animals.
At Kiuklng the river attained a height of
forty-five feet above low water and at
Hankow of forty-eight feet.
The greater part of Hankow was inun
dated and all Its environments. Kiuking
Is flooded completely, there being two feet
of water in" the streets of the foreign set
tlement, which is built on the highest
ground. At Anking and as. far down the
river as Wuhusame a terrible state of
affairs prevails. The Viceroys of four
provinces named are powerless to deal
with the catastrophe which has befallen
their subjects. Funds are being slowly
raised and some effort will be made to
provide food and shelter as, soon as the
waters subside. . .
Dispatches received at Yokohama and
Toklo from places throughout Japan say
that not since the imperial meteorological
bureau was established thirty years ago
has there been such a. heavy rainfall as
during July. In the province of Kinshiu
rain fell unceasingly July 13, 14 and 15.
The resulting floods caused considerable
loss of life In > Japan. The- greatest
casualty was at the Iwasaki coal mines in
Fukuoka, where sixty-five men were
drowned, water having invaded the mine
in the middle of the night and cutting off
all. chance of escape.
Dispatches received at Hongkong from
Canton state that north. and west rivers
in Southern China are overflowing. Rice
fields "and mulberry plantations are an
destroyed. The property loss here will
amount to several mlllon dollars. -
Special Dispatch to The Call.
No one could tell by Whitney's face
what were his emotions as he listened to
the prayer, but when it was over he re
tired to his cottage!
Whitney sat near the east end of the
"Millionaire Piazza" of the United States
Hotel and almost directly above the
¦worshipers. After the hymn the leader
spoke of the need the army had of money
and three or four lassies started out with
tambourines. Senator Gorman, Henry
Watterson. August Belmont, S. U. Cad
well and W. J. Arkell were among those
who dropped coins. or bills into the tam
bourines and It was fairly well filled when
a lar-sle held it out to Whitney. The ex-
Secretary of the Navy, • who had been
looking off into the distance after the
sweet-voiced singers began to sing, rather
mechanically put his hand into his waist-,
coat pocket and pulled out a $50 note and
dropped It Into the tambourine. Then, as
if to see just what his contribution had
been, he looked at the note and quickly
went down into another pocket and pulled
out another fifty, which followed the first
one! The little squad knelt then in the
street while the leader offered thanks. : .
Over and over like a mighty sea.
SARATOGA, N. Y.,' Aug. 18.— Special
prayers were offered -in the main street
of Saratoga to-day for William C. Whit
ney. The prayers were made by members
of the Saratoga branch of the Salvation
Army. The army congregation * tame
along shortly after 3 o'clock. A prayer or
two was offered, the leader gave a little
talk and then a young girl with a voice
almost ¦ as sweet- and powerful as that
of Colonel Patty Watkins of the Volun
teers began the well-known army hymn
which begins:
Comes the love of Jesus rolling; over me.
Yangtse Kiang Floods
Cause Fearful Loss
Of Life.
Ex - Secretary of Navy
Earns Gratitude of
, Salvation Army. ]
WASHINGTON, August IS.—Commis
sioner Evans has prepared a statement
showing the operations and principal fea
tures of the pensions bureau during the
last fiscal year as compared with former
years. Most of the data will be embodied
in his annual renort and the statement is
prepared for the use of the National en
campment of the G. A. R., which will be
held before the report is ready. It shows
that the number of pensioners on the rolls
June 30 last was 997,737, a net gain of 420G
over last year. The total net loss to chc
roll during the year was 43,586, which in
cludes 38,153 by. death, S53 by remarriage,
1582 by minors reaching the age of 16, 1538
Dy failure to claim pensions, and 1460 from
other causes. A comparative table shows
that the roll for the year just closed ia
the high -water mark" in the history of
the pension bureau, the next highest hav
ing been reached in 189S. Of the gains to
the rolls during the year 3840 were from
the war with Spain. The losses included
tl 5 r ? n fr om tne revolution. 215 from the war
of 1812, 826 from the ! war with Mexico, and
544 from the Indian wars. The gains to '..he
roll since 1898 were 13,334 widows of the
civil war and 5604 from the Spanish war
total. 18,938. The net gain to the rolls in
the four years was 4021.
,.?! ne fees P a ld to attorneys amounted K»
Jo91,24o, an increase of almost 574,000. due
to the Spanish war. At least 100.000 of the
examinations . held during the year re
sulted unfavorably to the claimants.
Ihe amount paid to pensioners under the
general law during the year was S67.S67.
233, a decrease of $1,790,253 from the
amount paid last year. It is believed that
during the fiscal year of 1902 the payments
under the general law will be exceeded
by those of pensioners under the- act of
1890. .The Spanish war pensioners re
ceived $1,175,225. an increase over last year
of $842,320, and the pensioners under the
act Of 1S90, as amended May 6, 1900, re
ceived $66,973,481, an -Increase over last
year of $1.207.402.. .: V
The total disbursements for pension?
from July 1, 1790, to June of this year
aggregate $2,763,350,033. :
The statement gives the following
amounts of money paid pensioners under
different administrations: - ¦ -
-President Grant's first term, $116,130,275:
average. per year, $29,034,069.
Grant's second term, $114,305.
3o7; average per year. $28,598,839.
m,Fr£ sldent Ha > r es' administration, $113,
322.4S9; average per year, $38,330,622 • ¦
SSmSkSS?-*! > Garfle 'd's 'administration,
$237,S2j,C70; average per year, $59,456,2tR
President Cleveland's first term, $305,
636.662; average per year, $76,409 165
S&SSJSSPSSi Harrison's : administration,
$519.(07.72C; average per year, $129 S26 9:51
President Cleveland's second term 'iK.' -
950,407; average per year, $139,487,602
.. President McKInley's , administration
(first) $o60,000,547; average per year, $1,10,
000,137.' ' - :. . ¦ , . I— •;•.
More Than. Four Thou
sand Names Added
During Last> Year.
PENSION ROLLS
STILL GROWING
Queen Sophia Seriously 111.
COPENHAGEN, Aug. 18.— Queen " So
phia of Sweden is again seriously 111.
"The purser is remaining in the Ncr-li
attending .to the forwarding of the
through passengers. - It is Impossible to
give an exact'list of those lost, but from'
the fact that 113 .were saved the number
lost must be very much below, the 'figures
mentioned. In my opinion the loss of Ufa 1
will not exceed twenty."
George McL., Brown, executive agent of
the Canadian Pacific Railroad, after in
terviewing the officers and passengtrs
who returned, said: ¦:.•••
"The scene was heartrending. The boats
were scattered and overcrowded, and peo
ple were adrift, pleading and crying for
help We gathered lumber and made our
raft" float. We were picked up by one
of the boats returning from shore. I
cannot speak too highly of the officers and
Pilot Lablond, who had charge of the
steamer at the time she struck, says:
"The night was fine and as we always
expect to meet ice. a sharp lookout was
kept. About 2:48 a. m. . the cra3h came.
The boat was under full speed and no ice
was in sight and there was no fog. The
fatal berg was no doubt even with the
water. After she struck I stopped the> en
gines. Then Captain Foote appeared with
the nijrht watchman, who reported the
ship leaking forward. I told Captain Foote
that we had better head for the beach,
but the ship was taking water so fast she
would not answer her helm. Then I called
the mate and ordered the boats out. This
was done and they were loaded with pas
sengers. Many passengers jumped over
board with life-preservers on. , I jumped
overboard and was in the water two hoars
and a Quarter before securing a piece of
wreckage." • ¦ ' . " , •
There was 5275,000 In gold on the steam
er ' $100,000 of which was carried by pas
sengers. H. H. Hart, who has spent six
teen years In the Klondike, lost $35,000 in
dust. «Some say- that Captain Fccta
reached a raft, but when he saw the ex
tent of the disaster he jumped overboard.
No accurate list will be available until
the arrival of -the purser on the steamer
Farallon to-morrow.
"My first intimation of an accident was
the rushing of passengers on deck, wnich
woke me up. I was in a cabin with Mr.
Maghten: I got up, went . out of the
cabin and saw the steamer sinking at the
bow. I woke my partner up and we
dressed. By this time she was still lower
In the water. By the time I got out of
the cabin the water was abreast of the
smoking-room floor. I went on the upper
deck followed by my partner and saw
that the boats were gone. I went to a
fall hanging davit. By this time only the
stern was out of water. I saw at raft
in the water with eight or ten people on
"I slid down the rope to the raft, and as
soon as I got on, the stern of the steamer
sank and sucked the raft and people
down We were some time under water,
but Vheld on, and when it came up only
two of us were left.' We hailed two
men who were swimming and got them
aboard, also a Chinaman. By this time
tho steamer had sunk out of sight. Many
people hung to the raft at different
times but it was not air-tight, and we
had much difficulty in keeping afloat. We
were turned over once because of others
climbing on. but generally managed to
right ourselves.
Cries of the Xhrowntag.
Saw the Steamer Sinking.
"The -oassengers saved were : F. H.
Brown, N. Dlspey, P. Ridighy, J. L. WU
cox. L. G. Young, W. Newland, F. F.
McNaughton. J. Kockcyer, John Kockeyer,
Mr. and Mrs. McLauglin and child, Mrs.
Whitmore. Mr. and Mrs. C. Flint. Mr.
and "Mrs. Bowman and boy. Mrs. E. Mills,
Dr. McFarland. F. G. Baker, J. K. Mc-
Lennen, J. G. Morgan, J. C. Henderson,
L J. Dean. T. D. Yoeman, E. H. Waller,
C. H. Shoreman, J. L.. Cotter, W. W.
Powers, J. W. McFarland, Thomas
Knowles, H. H. Hart. J. V. Snodgrass,
H. A. Brigham. J. <i. Stevens, R. Wil
liamson, A. J. Walker and wife, W. Pluth,
G. W. Brown. L. S. Robe. R. Ross, >¦-
A. BilcoUrt. C. C. Roy. M. Green, G. Pud
dichmbc. J. T. Snyder. J. Daniels, G.
Gill, H. Daglrsh, M. Denis, E. S. Carlson,
P. Disch, H. Root. R. M. Wright. A. H.
Morrison, L. T. Markwell. Dr. Phillips. S.
Jamison. Arthur Lanerek. H. R. McBeth,
V "L. Doyle. R. J. Marsh, A. Frasier, G.
W. Doyle, M. Emphrey, S. Afflebrown, N.
Pegeon. Mr. and Mrs. Walker, S. Smith,
J. P. Penot. J. Bleason, H. W. Anderson,
F. Castleburg, A. Kalsch. Z. Kochvar, L..
Beriker. E. L. Spinks, W-. G. Preston and
wife, A. .M. Blumaer. C. Doyle, J. E.
Brian. Two waiters. Miller, the barber;
N. Law, M. P. Jock, Porter and Maran.
coal passers, were also saved.
F G. Hinde-Bowker, late manager of
the British America Corporation of Lon
don, who was a. passenger, says:
Passengers Who Escaped.
picked up by a lifeboat which in some
manner was overturned. The night was
very misty and all hands were forced to
shift for themselves.
RIVER WATERS
BEAR CORPSES
-.,,.-¦¦ ¦ ; *
PRETORIA, . Aug., : 18.— There has
been- considerate Improvement .in
the affairs of Cape Colony since
General French took command
there.- Commandant Kritzlnger
was. defeated by Colonel Gorringe', on
.Thursday.; The Boers were driven in con
fusion? toward Orange j River. Two com
mandants and several other Boers were
captured. The burghers are fleeing north,
but Commandant Scheepers is said to
have broken back through the British
lines. According to reports circulated
here the Boers are becoming disorganized.
LONDON. . Aug. 18.— The Freeman's
Journal of Dublin publishes an interview
between Mr. Kruger and William Red-
OFFER PRAYERS
FOR WHITNEY
mond in Hilversom, Holland, in which
the former President of the South African
republic, after expressing gratitude for
Irish support, said he regarded the Irish
as "brothers in oppression" and urged
the Nationalist members of the British
Psirllament to continue their efforts "in
the cause of justice and truth." ;
When asked concerning the effect of
Lord Kitchener's recent proclamation and
of Mr. Chamberlain's speeches, Mr.
.Kruger replied:.* . •¦ _-•'. .
"My peonle'arft'not to be frightened by
such? proclamlitforifi Or ¦ speeches, - : which
will only encourage them; to continue
fighting. The British .have used armed
natives against the burghers from the be
ginning, but we have not used | armed
Kaffirs. It has. always been against our
principles to use the black men against
the white."
Mr.- Kruger emphatically denied the ex
istence of a Dutch conspiracy against
British Influence in South Africa. When
asked regarding Great .Britain's promise
as to the treatment of the Boers after sur
render.- he said: *
"I know Great Britain's promises. You.
Mr. Kruser said nothing had been defi
nitely settled upon the subject of a visit
to the United States. According to Mr.
Redmond his appearance belles the idea
that he is breaking up either mentally or
physically.
- "Why do . they fight women and chil
dren? There are men to fight against.. I
do not believe the British people know
what is being done in their name. If they
did know they would stop it."
I He emphasized the word "full." When
asked about farm burning and the con
centration camps he exclaimed: . •
"Even now we could rebuild our coun
try, but to do so we must have full in
dependence." - ...... , . ; ¦ .. j ... .
Af.ter expressing, his firm conviction
that God In good time would give the
Boers deliverance he remarked:
in Ireland, ought also to know them. Th<
British promise to lend us money to pu
things right. Then, if it were not repaid
pur land would be taken. They ask u:
to allow a rope to be put around ou
necks, and to call that freedom. W<
should be slaves."
John W. Ryan, one of Curtin's special
officers, while under the influence of
liquor yesterday afternoon, got into a dis
j>ute with some strikers at Third and
Townsend streets and he alleges that they
knocked him down, kicked him and re
lieved him of his watch and two gold
rings. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital and after his cuts and bruises
had been attended to he was booked at the
City Prison on a charge of "drunk."
Herman Diercks, proprietor of the
Young America saloon, on East street,
-was brutally beaten by a crowd of men
claiming to be union men early Saturday
morning. He had closed up his place and
¦was waiting for the last car when sev
eral men approached him. They demand
ed that he show a union card, and refused
to believe him when he told them that he
¦was not a laboring man, but a saloon
keeper. He showed them the keys to his
saloon and offered to take them all ln-
Flde and treat them, but they were evi
dently determined to beat some one and
told him that he lied. Diercks expostu
lated, but to no avail, and finally one of
the men struck him. He tried to defend
himself and the whole crowd Joined In the
attack. Diercks' eyes were blackened, his
face cut and bruised and his head cut in
eeveral places.
A man who gave his name as H. Dodds,
reriding at the Cosmopolitan Hotel, was
treated at the Emergency Hospital by Dr.
McEIroy for two knife wounds inflicted
by unknown persons. Dodds said that
when passing Geary street at its junc
tion with Market street some one said:
"There goes a scab." and then he was
pounced upon and stabbed, once in the
tack and once in the left side. i
John Kenny and Otto M. Ekberg, the
teamsters who were arrested Saturday
night for assault to murder for firing into
a crowd of strikers at Grant avenue and
Sutter street and wounding Thomas
Moran, were released on bonds yesterday
morning. The sureties were F. W. Fuller
of William P. Fuller & Co. and I. F. Lit
tlefield, secretary of the company. Tht
defendants are employed as teamsters by
the company.
James Reilly. who re«ldes at 1020 How
ard street, was treated by Dr. Murphy at
the Emergency Hospital yesterday for
several lacerated and contused wounds of
the head and face which he received at
the hands of some striking teamsters ai
King street, near Berry. He did not know
the names cf the men who beat him.
Benjamin Paulson, aged CO years, was
set upon by a number of men at Sutter
street'and Orant avenue and badly beaten
pbout the head and face. Paulson, -who
lives at 1212 Mason street, was on his way
home when he was attacked. Some one
said he was a "scab" driver and
then he was hit from behind and
knocked down. When he recovered he
found his watch chain missing. He re
ceived a severe scalp -wound.
Joshua Garzoli, a teamster for J. C. Wil
son & Co., coal dealers. Battery street, was
arrested about 5 o'clock yesterday morn
ing on Pacific street by Detectives Rey
nolds and Ryan and Policeman Cayot and
booked at tbe City Prison on a charge of
assault with a deadly weapon. He was re
leased on bonds furnished by his employ
ers. His statement was that he was fol
lowed by two men and one of them called
him a "scab" and advanced upon him in
a threatening manner. He had been fired
at Friday nig'jt, and fearing violence he
pulled a revolver out of his pocket and
fired In the air to let the men know he
was prepared for trouble. Charles Goe
deckl, 10"£ Auburn street, who was one of
the two men, told .the arresting officers
that Garzoli did not fire in the air, but
deliberately fired at him.
The large plate glass window in the
second-hand ctore of S. Spink, 1145 Market
street, was broken in two places early
yesterday morning and eight revolvers
¦were etolen. There were a lot of other
articles of value displayed in the window,
but none were touched. The police were
notified, and they express the belief that
the revolvers were stolen with the object
of being used in connection with the
strike.
Store Is Entered and Other Articles
Not Disturbed.
In order to avoid a clump of trees
Whitehead brought into play a principle
which he had noticed in the flight of
birds. He shifted his weight to one side:
the ship careened and sailed . safely
around the trees. He had now soared
through the air for fully a half-mile, and
as the field ended a. short distance ahead
the aeronaut stopped the power and pre
pared to alight. The ship settled from a
height of about fifty feet in two minutes
and alighted on the ground on her four
wooden wheels so lightly that Whitehead
was not Jarred in the least.
They did so and the machine darted up
through the air like a bird.
"I'm going: to start the wings I" he
yelled. "Hold her now!" The two assist
ants held on the' best they could, but tht*
ship shot up into the air.
"We can't hold her!" shouted one of tha
rope men.
"Let go, then!" shouted Whitehead.
NEW YORK. Aug. 18.— A machine that
will fly has at last been actually invented
and successfully tested. Gustavo "White
head and W. D. Custed of Waco, Texas,
are the inventors, and on Wednesday last
a "World reporter saw it soar like a. bird.
The* experimental trip was made "at mid
night. The machine rolls along the ground
on wooden wheels, and on a clear stretch
of good macadam road the flying automo
bile was sent . spinning along at twenty
miles an hour. For short distances tho
speed was close to thirty miles.
Whitehead started the engine that pro
pels the machine along the ground, whila
his two assistants clung to the safety
ropes. The machine started slowly at
first to run over the ground, but within
100 varda the men who had hold of the
ropes and Inventor Whitehead were run
ning as fast as they could.
Then Whitehead pulled open the throt
tle that starts the air propellers, or wings,
and shut off the ground propelling en
gine. Almost 'instantly the bow of tho
machine lifted and it rose at an angle oi
about 6 degrees from the ground. The
machine looked like a great white goose.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BATD FOR REVOLVERS.
Texas Inventors Solve
Problem of Aerial
Navigation.
AIRSHIP SOARS
LIKE AN EAGLE
It was decided to circulate a petition
signed by the retail merchants requesting
the co-operation of the wholesalers in the
work of settling the strike.
An address was made by ex-Senator. H.
V. Morehouse, In which he said it
high time to .bring the Employers' Asso
ciation to a full realization of their duties
in the premises. "When he closed, a unan
imous request was made that Mr. More
house address the mass meeting next
Wednesday evening.
Nathan Blbo, the grocer, said the tlmo
had arrived for a third party to atcp
between the two contending factions, and
who were better qualified to serve in th<U
capacity than the retail merchants of
San Francisco. Mr. Bibo counseled wise
and concerted action in order to secure
best results. - . •
"If this strike is not settled by "Wed
nesday," said Mr. Bairy, "-we" will take
such action as will raise the hair of the
hea'ds of the members of the # Employers'
Association."
The question of a mass meeting waa
then discussed.. Mr. Barry suggested that
it be held next Wednesday evening, and
this was ultimately agreed to.
John F. Sullivan moved that a committee
be appointed by the chair, composed of
three representatives from each retail
trade, whose duty it should be to int«»r-.
view wholesalers in their respective lines,
and secure from them a promise to do all
In their power to put an end to the strike.
After some discussion the motion pre
vailed, with an amendment making the
number five instead of three.
J. A. Jones, a real estate dealer, held
that there was a combined effort of
banded capital to • crush unionism, and
that the next conflict would be between
republicanism and socialism. In closing
he said the eyes of the capitalists of the
world were upon San Francisco as the
chief battleground upon which the war
fare of capital against labor was being
waged. .
Mass Meeting to Be Held.
Resolved, That if the Employers' Association
shall refuse by Wednesday night, August 21,
to meet with representatives of organized la
bor for the purpose of coming to a fair and
equitable adjustment o'f existing difficulties and
thus restore industrial activity, we, the re
tail dealers of San Francisco, will refuse to
deal with such as are known to be members of
Eaid" Employers' Association.
Whereas. Such lowering of wages and length
ening of the hours of labor reduces the stand
ard of living and thereby cripples the retail
trade, reduces the price of real estate and in
creases taxation through the augmentation of
crime and rwverty; therefore, be IX
Whereas, Such use of the Industrial power
placed in their hands can have but one pur
post, that of reducing wages and lengthening
the hours of labor and thus reimburse them
selves for their losses; and
Whereas, In the pursuit of tnls aim they have
used the boycott, that is, they have refused to
deal with or furnish material to any employer
of labor who «lected to employ union men only:
and
¦\Vhereas, The so-called Employers" Associa
tion, In the main composed, as we are led to
believe, of wholesale merchants of this city,
have combined together for the purpose of de
stroying unionism and thus prevent the working
people from bargaining collectively with their
employers; and •
Mr. Barrington later took the floor
again with the statement that the Em
ployers' Association, through its spokes
man, Attorney Michael, absolutely re
fused to consider mediation of any sort.
This being an alarming condition. In his
opinion, he offered the following resolu
tion, which was adopted amid loud'ap
plause:
Employers Must Agree to Confer.
John F. Sullivan, secretary of the Re
tail Grocers' Association, when called
upon for remarks said his association was
in consultation with the wholesale gro
cers, and that at their next meeting de
cisive action would be taken. Pending
such action, he had nothing to say, except
that there was hope of settling the-trou
ble very soon.
C. L. Barrington. a druggist, stated
that the strike was doing Incalculable
damage to the local drug trade. He spoke
of drug associations in Eastern cities,
and of the successful work accomplished
by them. He believed that the organiza
tion of business people was necessary in
order to insure the success of individual
members. In this way their Influence must
be felt in the settlement of strikes.
J. S. Barry of the Cigar' Dealers' Asso
ciation precipitated a warm debate by de
manding the exclusion of all persons not
identified with the retail business in this
city. • Several speakers were opposed to
this course as being against sound policy;
and an amendment that all persons be
allowed to remain but none save retail
ers be granted the privilege of the lloor
was carried.
Chairman W. J. Kenney in calling the
assemblage to order explained the purpose
of the meeting. He said business talks
by business men were wanted. It was
the hope of all retail merchants that the
strike would be ended soon.
yesterday afternoon to discuss
ways and means for bringing the strike
to a speedy settlement. The interest man
ifested in the meeting was Intense,, and
many addresses were made. A threat' of
boycott of members of the Employers'
Association was the chief result of the
meeting.
NEARLY one hundred retail mer
chants, embracing all 'branches
of business in San Francisco,
gathered a't Native Sons' Hall
teamsters are concerned the flght is over
and they had better get in and get their
places while they can. That kind of inter
views and efforts are always reported to
us immediately. The draymen and em
ployers seem to think that this is a mat
ter of the teamsters. We do not so con
elder It It is a question of unionism, and
the teamsters are not the all-important
feature, though a very important one."
"We have Information that an immense
pressure is being brought to bear upon
the individual teamsters to return to
work, as high as $7 a day being offered
and assurances of practically life jobs.
They are sent for and interviewed and
urged in every way to go to work as in
dividuals, and the draymen are seeking
to make them believe that as far as the
The labor leaders are much incensed
over the alleged repeated efforts of the
draymen to secure defections among the
teamsters. Andrew Furuseth. secretary
of the Sailors' Union, said yesterday that
they were glad to know that these efforts
had not been attended by success. He
said:
Xaph Grcensf elder and Joseph Jordan
of the Municipal League conciliation com
mittee appeared before the executive com
mittee of the City Front Federation in the
afternoon with a request that another
statement of terms of peace be submitted
to the committee, to be submitted by it in
turn to the Employers* Association. They
were given no encouragement, though
their request was taken under advisement
and an answer will probably be given to
day.
strikers will be opened early
in the week is still kept wrapped in
mystery- No conference was held yester
day, and there are no appointments for
conferences to-day.
WHATEVER the mediators may
have In the way of encour
agement that negotiations be
tween employers and the
they were by no means all sufficiently
versed in popular government to manage
the affairs of the archipelago.
vQuartermaster General Ludington has
been considering the possibilities of obtain
ing coal in the Philippines at a cost below
the Japanese figures. In the opinion of
those qualified to judge, however, the coal
available in the archipelago Is Inferior and
the cost of transporting it to the coast,
where transports could load It— taking into
account the present exorbitant prices of
everything, labor hicluded— would brlnsr
the total outlay probably above the Jap
anese figures.
The Government officers are finding It
difficult to retain the services of the best
stenographers, as private flrma offer"
much higher compensation.
The Municipal Board holds daily ses
sions, but most of the business transacted
¦at present deals ¦with minor appointments.
Governor Taft has wired Genera] Chaf
fee. asking for permission to appoint Cap
tain H. W. C. Bowen of the First United
States Infantry to be Governor of the
province of Abr^, owing to local Jeal
ousies which render a local appointment
difficult.
MANILA. Aug. 18.— Both the civil
and military officials are grati
fied at . the progress now being
made by the Philllpplnes Com
mission:-. Everywhere through
out the northern islands the Commission
ers find conditions ready for civil govern
ment and General Chaff ee has received
none but' satisfactory news from Patangas
and Min'doro, advices through these dis
tricts telling uniformly of captures or sur
renders. . Many rifles .have -recently been
obtained and large quantities of supplies
secured. Malvarand his prtrtcipal officers
are being closely pressed.
Representative Julius Kahn of Califor
nia, who left Manila to-day, says the
greatest needs of the Philippines are a
fast line of steamers from San Francisco
to carry the mails and to keep the people
in touch with current events; electric cars
and the removal of the nipa houses from
Manila, these tb be replaced by villas.
Mr. Kahn conversed with many educat
ed natives and got the impression that
DEATH LOSES
THIS WORKMAN
Washington Man Is En
l tombed in a Well^
• but He Lives. '
Continued From Page One.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
" TACOMA, Wash., Aug. 18.— A peculiar
'accident happened t yesterday at Prosser
and one that almost seems unreal: James
Ross was at the bottom of a well, focty
five feet below the surface of the ground.
He was engaged In making some repairs.
He was assisted by a man ¦who stood u.t
the top of the weir and who worked a
windlass, used for hauling up dirt.
Suddenly and without warning the earth
above Ross began to Rive way, and before
his helper could grasp the situation the
unfortunate man waa buried from sight.
Eleven hours elapsed from the time of the
accident until Ross was liberated, which
occurred at 5 o'clock this morning. All
hopes for the man had been given up snC
therefore every one was startled upon
reaching the entombed man to find him
alive, and aside from a few bruises, aj
well physically as he had been prior to
the accident. ¦ ...
It seems that in falling the earth had
carried a piece of board with.it, and this
board had in some manner lodged above
Ross, thus giving him space to breathe
and saving his life. He was not in his
right mind upon being liberated, but pos
sessed an idea that . he .. had been im
prisoned for three days.
STEAMSHIP ISLANDER CRASHES,
Retail Merchants Decide That Unless the
Employers' Association Agrees to Con
ference Their Custom Will Be Withheld
California Congressman Says a Fast Line of
Steamers From San Francisco Is the
Greatest Necessity of the Archipelago
KAHN STUDIES THE NEEDS
OF PHILIPPINE ISLANDS
STRIKERS ASKED TO MAKE
NEW STATEMENT OF TERMS
TBLK; -BAN^. ITJSAINCIMUU CALL, MONDA^ AUGUST 1», -1901.
Patriots Are Driven in Confusion Toward Orange River and Two
7 of Their Leaders # Are /Captured--- President Kruger Denounces
the Methods of Warfare Pursued by Invaders of the Transvaal
BRITISH COLUMN PUTS TO FLIGHT
KRITZINGER'S BURGHER COMMANDO
2
NEW ADVERTISEMENTS.-
KEEP YOTTR HEAD TTNCOVEBJED,
:
The Constant Wearing of a Hat '
Propagates Dandruff Germs.
There are many men who wear their
hats practically all the time when awako
Aid are blessed with a beavy shock, of
hair; yet if the scalps of these same men
once became infested with dandruff jerma
the parasites would multiply all the quick-
er for lack of sir. Baldness would ensao
as the final result. Newbro's Herpidda
kills these germs and stimulates un-
healthy hair to abundant growth. Herpi-
clde is a pleasant hair dressing as well aa
a dandruff cure, and contains not an atom
of injurious substances.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
SAN BESITOCO.
To raise money to build a large furaae* en
this mine we will sell treasury stock for SOo
per share until further notice. Silver Creek
Quicksilver Mining Co. stock la .all sold and
issued, and we are now producing <julck3ll-ver.
Investigate this offer.
"v H. R. BRADFORD, General Manager.
7 North Market st., San Joss,
Prospectus and exhibits at branch office, 413
Kearny St.. San Francisco.
r. DE FRErTA3. Agent.
DR.MEYERS&CQ.
Specialist. Disease j^s§£jy^ iK'
and weakness of }
men.- Established V*"
1SS1. Consultation (V? r l£?$ W^
and private boolc vAa "*^ i^
free, at office or by *w#V. «^^L
mail. Cures euar- ¥&'*&££&
an teed. 731 Mar- r^^^^1^!f^y
ket street (eleva- 'j^*^<£s$''>'ff ¦¦
tor entrance), Sao J0^^J i 5b%
b visit DR. JORDAN'S great4
§yUSEUH OF AHATOHY?
0 CiB 1051 JtiSSKST. Ui. 6-Ji4?Ji > S.rCjl. i
\ Of • The Latest Anatomical Museum in the \
V JB^yfeok • ° Weaknesses or any contracted A
© f£JSl i>peciaiiii on the Coast. Eit. £ years. <$
A fljg*£j| DH. JORDAN-DISEASES CF MEN 0
\ Fv|J§55 3 Consultation free and strictly prWate. \
B I J&% If .T"*? tme 5J P«*onally or by letter. A A
ifi» llB fonttvt Cw» in eyery case undertaken. Y
U V II llCP w 'it« fcr B"ok. PH1I.OSOPUV a f A
\ II I a»»ni.tCE, MAILED FREE. (AP
A I) tr *»l«*We book for men) \
" UK. JORDAN A- CO.. 1051 MarkstSt.,8. F. V
BADWAY'S READY KEUEF has , fn M
j unrivaled before the public forlo yeSf- if^J
! Pain Iiemedy. It Instantly re Ueve» and qulcklv
cures all Colds. Sore Throats, Influenza r™«
chltis. .Pneumonia. Rehumatism.^ileurfe
Headache. Toothache and all pain. Interafiw
tor Malaria and all Eowel Pato3.AU Oru^istA
I'm 5 V delectebilifyy
[ j __•/ j.
/^CALIFORNIA:
s CkutneySauce iDangerous Anarchist Under Arrest.
BERLIN, Aug. 18.— Alexander Megret, a
dangerous anarchist, has been arrested at
Dantzig. He is a good linguist, and a
number of anarchist -pamphlets and
forged ' passports In various names were
found by the police when- he was taken
-Resolutions were passed' pledging: their
support morally and financially. They ar
ranged ¦¦' to contribute $1000 ; every two
weeks to the strikers"fund. -
CHICAGO. Aug. 18.— W. C. Davis, vice
president of the , Fourth district, and di- :
rector of the steel strike in the West, an
nounced to-night that the believed the
South. Chicago men men finally, will jom
the general: strike of steel workers. Not
this week, he said, because there will be
no. meeting. It is his intention to m°et
the men individually and endeavor to per
suade them to reverse their. decision. •
Secretary. Tighe addressed two big meet
ings at the East Chicago.rnills of the Re
public Iron & Steel Company to-day. Ue
and Davis had gone there direct from
Milwaukee, because the . union men had
signified, their desire ' to *¦ reaffirm th*>ir
sympathy with-the movement in the East
and in "certain parts of the West. This
they: did. They went even -further an-1
emphasized their disapproval of the.at
titude and action of the South Chicago
steel men. /- \. . -
Will Contribute to Fund.
Steel Workers at East Chicago Mills
FINANCIAL AID FOR STRIKERS
The boy tells a story of extreme cruelty.
He has a scar on his nose which he
claims is the result of a blow given him
by Angel with a wine bottle several years
ago and says Angel has whipped him on
sundry occasions. He also says -that An
gel threatened to take him off his horse
and thrash him. The dead man bore a
good reputation.
Immediately after the shooting the boy
tried to escape and ran for the brush,
but had only gone about fifty feet when
he was caught by one of the bystanders.
His hands were tied behind his back and
his feet tied together. His wrists were
tied so tight that his hands were swollen
v to nearly twice their natural thickness
when he was released by Constable Ben
Cummings.
Angel was sitting in a chair with his
arms folded, when the boy. without warn
ing, pulled out a revolver and shot him.'
The bullet entered his upper lip to the
left of the nose and ranged upward," but
did not pass through his head. The boy
had been drinking, but those present
claim that the victim had not.
PHOENIX, Aug. 18.— Juan Flores, aged
16 years, on Saturday afternoon shot and
instantly killed Angel Movoyoque. Both
are'Yaqui Indians and reside in a Yaqui
settlement eight miles from Tempe.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Young Yaqiii Shoots a
Man for Whipping
xlllll.
BOY MURDERS
HIS TORMENTORS
At the American Buggy Company and
the Brown Carriage Company the owners
discharged leading officials of the Car
riage Workers' Union and - replaced : them
with non-union men. On last WednesJay
the 300. employes of this firm struck after
submitting a proposal to * the owners,
who referred them to their recent circu
lar, stating they would' stand by it.
Hundreds of girls and boys will also be
thrown out of employment. Recently
nine factories here combined under 1 one
Incorporation and announced that they
would employ whom they pleased, fix their
own wage scale, settle the matter of ap
prentices and work piece work and con
tract system. . ¦ ,
CINCINNATI. Aug. 18.— More than 2000
carriage workers were notified by seven
shops here last night that their services
were not needed; now,. and that the places
would open on September 3 as, non-union
shops. The following factories were
closed: Rattermann & Luth, Anchor
Buggy. Company, Lion Buggy, Company,
Sayres & Scoville, George Enger Com
pany, Hukay Buggy Company, and the
Souter Carriage Company.
Run Independently of Labor
Organizations.
Cincinnati Carriage Factories Will
UNION MEN ARE DISCHARGED.
TRUCKEE, Aug. 18.— A light engine ran
into the rear of the Floriston swing train.
Railroad Conductor Is
Crushed Under Mass
of Timbers.
WRECKAGE ADDS
TO HIS AGONY
at 6 o'clock this morning, at Wihsted,
three miles east of Truckee. A' coach
used as caboose was crushed into spi'n
ters, and in the midst of the debris was
the unconscious conductor, Frank Blansy,
with a leg and arm broken, deep wounds
on the scalp, and with severe internal in
juries. He was not found until the wreck
ing train arrived and did not regain con
sciousness until brought to Truckee.
Dr. Shoemaker worked with him until
the west-bound limited came along and
took him to the hospital at Sacramento.
The east-bound passenger. No. 6. was held
here nearly two hours while the .wreck
was being cleared.
A.-W. Graham.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., Aug. 18.— A. W,
Graham, first vice president of the Louis
ville and Nashville Railroad, died to-day
at Potosky, Mich.
California not only has the products
to make an interesting show, but it
seems to have artists or men who
have the art of showing their goods
to the best advantage. And yet,
as though an artistic show of their su
perior products were not attractive
enough, the Californians give away from
one to two thousand pounds of delicious
seeded raisins in quarter pound sample
packages each day to the passing multi
tude, and they maintain a booth pre
sided over by handsome young ladies in
uniform in which they prepare California
prunes in all the hundred and one
edible ways and give them, along with a
neat and costly receipt book telling how
they are prepared, to all the visiting
dames who care to partake. I have been
deeply impressed with the skill and en
ergy put into this work by the Cali
fornians in the effort to emphasize the
the appetite of the visitor. The Installa
tion of California's exhibit is strikingly
beautiful and the great variety of prod
ucts displayed, as well as their size and
quality, combine to make the show of this
State very popular.
• Flowers and flowering plants are a very
attractive feature of the Horticultural
building. Early in the season the ro
tunda-was made radiant with a beautiful
display of carnations. These in turn were
supplanted by tender roses, these by pan
sies, these by hardy roses, these by sweet
peas, and these just now by ' gladioli.
The Horticultural building at the Pan-
American is, in short, all that it ought to
be. It is radiant with fruits and flowers,
rich in color and aroma, and to the lover
of these elevating products It is interest
ing and highly instructive.
OBSERVER.
Mexico has an attractive display oi
wines and waxed fruits, the latter includ
ing the tropic and semi-tropic varieties
peculiar to that republic. Florida has a
characteristic display, showing everything
from a pomelo to an alligator skin. It is
interesting from its uniqueness and in
structive as showing the varied products
of th peninsular State. Idaho, in a small
space, shows some fine fruits, and Ne
braska and Wisconsin have come in lately
with a very creditable showing of now
apples, new plums and other fresh fruits.
Colorado, Delaware, Connecticut, Michi
gan, Minnesota. Arizona, Virginia, Wash
ington and Maine are each represented
in a modest way by samples of their hor
ticulture, while Oregon has a display
which for variety and quality shows
plainly the wide range of horticultural
possibilities in that far away State.
The Chautauqua grape section of the
State makes an attractive displav in the
New York space, with fruits and grape
juice and other vineyard products. Illin
ois has a space almost equal to New York
and has surprised the Easterners by her
splendid showing of apples and other
fruits. Over the exhibit of this State
hangs a sign which reads, "500,000 acres in
Illinois devoted to apple orchards." In
the neatness of its installation and the
variety as well as the excellence of its
products, the Province of Ontario, in
Canada, has an exhibit in this building
that is as attractive as it is surprising.
Missouri shows apples that in size and
quality are hard to excel. This Stat«
also makes a strong exhibit of wine, and
has lately been replenishing by a full va
riety of other seasonable fruits. The Mis
souri exhibit is easily the second best in
the building.
largest space in the Horticultural build
ing, and has a fine display of more than
100 varieties of apples, supplemented by
a liberal and attractive showing of fresh
fruits as they mature.
UFFALO. Aug. 13.— The horticul
tural feature of the Pan-Ameri
can Exposition has been made
quite strong; also the building in
which this department is in
stalled seems to attract more than
its proportion of Pan-American vis
itors. Horticulture is a rapidly growing
industry in America and the interest in
it evidently increases with its expansion.
The horticultural feature even at Paris?
last year was not so strong' an attraction
as itis at this fair, and at no time in the
history of America, not excepting at the
Chicago Exposition in 1893. has there been
a better or more interesting display of
tliit Industry than is now aggregated at
Buffalo.
The apple feature is particularly strong
and very interesting:, as showing the pos
sibilities of this fruit by means of re
fr'geration in a perfectly fresh and sound
condition during practically the entire
year. On the opening of the exposition
in May apples were about the only variety
of fruit displayed by a number of the
Eastern and Middle West States, and
even now in the exhibits of most of these
States apples are a dominating feature,
and large round and perfect fruit of the
crop of last year lie on plates side by side
•with attractive specimens of the earlier
varieites of this year's crop. As the sea
pon advances, however, the apples of the
crop of 1900 gradually give way in their
turn to the strawberries, gooseberries,
cherries, currants and now the earlier
plums and peaches of 190L By this pro
cess all the fruits will be shown in their
season until the close of the fair, when
apples again, it is expected, will be the
dominant feature.
As usual in the department of horticul
ture California takes the. lead. The ex
hibits from the Golden State occupy about
one-third of the floor space of the entire
building and in size, quality and variety
the fruits are simply indescribable- They
have pears that weigh four pounds,
dusters of grapes that weigh seven
pounds, oranges and peaches that weigh
a. pound each and other things in pro
portion. They have a most beautiful and
elaborate display of dried fruit and an ex
hibit of canned fruit, erected in the form
of a building and called the canned fruit
palace, which contains 9000 cans of
peaches, pears, apricots and plums. In
the California exhibit wine, raisins,
pickled olives and olive oil form promi
nent features, and nuts in variety as well
as .marmalades and fruit preserves tempt
Special Correspondence of The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Aug. IS.— This morning
Judge Lucas F. §mlth of the Superior
Court met with a painful accident. While
playing with a dog at his residence he ac
cidentally fell from a porch, striking Ills
side against a banister. He will be con
fined to his home for several days. No
bones were broken. ->• (¦}
Judge Falls From a Porch.
MONTEREY, Aufr. 18.- Miss Atoblq
Whltcomb, youngest daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. O. Whltcomb of this city and a
young lady prominent In social circles of
Monterey, was married at noon to-day to
F. C. Michaelis of San Francisco. Tha
wedding took place at the bride's home on
Larkin street, in the presence of relatives
and a few Intimate friends. Tha bride
groom is the eldest son of Judge Ernest
Michaelis of this city and was at ona
time editor of the Monterey Enterprise.
He is now connected with the Paclflo
Paper Box Company of San Francisco.
The young couple will reside in San
Francisco, j -;'-'¦', .
Monterey Belle Is a Bride,
SAN JOSE, Aug. 18.— The International
Sunday School Association has appointed
Henry T. Plant of Saratoga, this county,
to the Important position of director oC
field work In Colorado to prepare that
State for the International Sunday School
convention which meets in Denver in 1903.
Tha State officers of Colorado selected,
Mr. Plant for tha important position
through the notice that his work aa normal
superintendent of the California Sunday
School Association has given him. Mrs.
Plant accompanied her husband on th»
overland yesterday to their new home,
which is to be at 270S Boulevard F, Den
ver.
Sunday-School Teacher Honored.
The strike among the steel workers in
Wellsville took on a new life to-day, and
to-night excitement among the men was
up to fever heat. A tight between union
and non-union men on the streets last
night, coupled with the action of the steel
company in obtaining lodgings for the
new men throughout the town, has great
ly incensed the strikers. Sheriff Noragen
and Deputy Chris Breck arrived from
Lisbon at 7 o'clock to assist the local po
lice in maintaining order throughout the
night.
"The idea that because we are not strik
ing for more wages, but for the sympathy
of the people, is a mistaken one. The
workingmen of America realize the full
meaning of our struggle for a principle
for which the forefathers of this country
fought. It is the right guaranteed by the
constitution of the country. It is equal
rights with the trust to organize and
maintain prices. They say they do not
object to our organization, but in the
same breath tell men in non-union mills
that if they belong to our organization
they will lose their places. It is this
fundamental principle that has brought
out the thousands of workingmen in Mc-
Keesport. It is this principle that is
bringing to our support every true Amer
ican workingman in the country. It Is
one of the greatest battles for organiza
tion that has ever been fought. There is
but one end to such a battle with the men
so determined as our men are."
Ben I. Davis, member of the advisory
board of the Amalgamated Association,
discussed the situation freely to-day. He
said:
j . . ... Other Trades jMay. Join.' ;
'There was talk to-night"of .thepossibil
ity of the extension of the strike to other
trades. The structural ironworkers and
bricklayers are becoming directly inter
ested through the question of handling
material made by the United States Steel
Corporation. The strike leaders say that
they have the absolute promise of support
from those two trades, and that they will
refuse to handle non-union made mate
rial. They cite a number of instances
where the structural men and brickma
sons have shown their sympathy and
spirit.
He is a man of large physique and or
dinarily very strong, but has lost In
wfight and color during the last two
months. : - :
The strain of the strike is telling upon'
the physical strength of President Shaffer.
He was ill to-day and kept to his bed
most of the time. He declined to s«e any
of the many callers who sought him, and
his wife, who met them in his stead, ex
plained that he was worn out and sick
and must have rest in order to carry on
bis work. It is expected that he will be
at the strike headciuarters as usual to
morrow, but his friends are afraid that if
the strike should be prolonged he will
break down. Ever since the strike began
he has given his personal attention to
every detail of it and although he has had
assistance and the counsel of his assist
ants, the real responsibility has rested
upon him. He was not well on Saturday
an>! in discussing his health said:
"I simply must not get sick. I, have
not time to spare at this stage."
The steel managers may succeed in get
ting another mill on to-morrow at the
Painter plants. Two mills were operated
there last week with non-union men and
part of another crew was got together.
Jusc as soon as enough men are available
the third mill will be started.
. The mills are guarded and the men will
be kept upon the premises until all danger
of trouble ceases. Bunks for about fifty
have been erected and large quantities of
feed have been purchased. A fence has
been built around the property and guards
posted .to keep out all intruders. The
strikers will undoubtedly make an effort
to induce the strike breakers to quit work
and the fear, is expressed that if any
demonstration be made against the men
or property i there will be trouble. The
situation there is regarded as very deli
celo.
Situation Is Critical.
It was expected there would be trouble
when the non-union men reached Mones
sen, for the strikers ; were watching the
ra.'lroads and river arid had expressed a
determination to prevent the entrance of
strike breakers. The men who were
handling the movement for the steel cor
poration successfully veiled their actions,
however, and had their charges safely
within the plants hours before It was
known definitely by any one on the out
side that the men had arrived. They
were brought to Monessen by* 1 special
train and were landed at 4 o'clock in the
morning. 4 It is not known how many men
were in the party or where they were ob
tained.
PITTSBURG, Aug. 18.-A party of
strike breakers brought up ; from the
Sr.uth by special train was safely landed
In the steel mill at 'Monessen early this
morning and the United States Steel Cor
poration expects to add that plant to the
number running . partly or in full with
non-union men within the next twenty
four hours. The Carnegie properties also
resumed to-night. without a break in the
forces operating them, and that fact,
joined with a promise of an early start
at Monessen, leads the steel officials here
to take a very hopeful view of the situ
ation. The strikers claim that men
enough to start the Monessen mills can
not be obtained and that they have not
yet shown their hand at Duquesne and
other Carnegie plants. They promise that
developments will indicate their . strength
to better advantage. . ¦„. . •
It was here that Seaver ! began to ex
perience that strange phenomenon of the
mind which frequently lays its hold upon
those who stand on dizzy precipices, im
pelling them to fling themselves Into the
depths beneath. Pursued by this terrible
desire, reeling with dizziness at the depths
which opened at his side and trembling
in every limb, Seaver clutched his saddle
bows. With face averted from the chasms
lie clung .with might and main to his
burro and was carried the two remaining
miles into camp by the surefooted beast,
suffering the while all the mental torture
and agonies of which an imaginative
mind is capable.
Even on the pleasant plateau, with its
white tents and their cheerful occupants,
Seaver's composure failed to return.
Fears the Dizzy Heights.
On Saturday, August 10, Seaver started
up the trail astride a ourro. For the first
five or six miles gf the ascent Seaver's
love of the picturesque and the scientific
was abundantly requited. Climbing high
er there came upon his senses that pecu
liar giddiness that the ratified air of
greater altitudes produces on some deli
cately organized temperaments. The trail
began to narrow and wind its tortuous
way about the sheer, wall of mountain,
and beneath yawned canyons gaping out
like pits of death.
Seaver is a graduate of a noted Eastern
university, a student of geology and bot
any, a lover of the sublime in nature, but
withal a. very modest as well as a very
nervous young man. .••'.-
" went up the trail, haunted by an
uncontrollable impulse to fling himself
into the abyss, Horace N. Seaver found
hfmself physically and mentally unable
to undertake the descent of Mount Wil
son, and was put under the influence of
an anesthetic and carried down on a lit
ter.
PASADENA, Aug. 18. — With nerves
collapsed by the effects of alti
tude and fright at the canyons
which yawned beside him as he
After that part of the way which had
made such an Impression upon Seaver's
After a brief talk with Seaver, Dr:
Lockwood administered to him a suffi
cient dose of ether to render him partially
unconscious. He was taken by the arm
and quickly led out of camp. But by the
time he had reached the litter the drug
had taken effect and he collapsed. His
limp form was placed upon the stretcher
and with a strong man holding the han
dles at either end he was carried down
the first two miles of the trail. The way
was steep and the burden heavy, but the
third man alternated with his fellows at
the handles and good speed was made.
It was while confronted with these con
ditions, yet realizing that the descent was
Inevitable sooner or later, that Seaver hit
upon the most novel of recorded plans for
escaping the dreaded' danger while in
transit. Word was sent to the foot of the
trail, and a telephone message forwarded
to Pasadena summoning Dr. Charles Lock
wood to the mountain top and requesting
him to bring the necessary help to carry
a man down to its base. It was late in the
evening when the doctor received the call
and it was impossible to go up the trail
before the following morning. Other men
were - communicated with and requested
to supply, the men and a stretcher.
Early 'Thursday morning Dr. Lock
wood-and three assistants started up the
Wilson trail on burros, packing upon one
beast a litter such as la used by the Red
Cross ambulance corps. At the top of tho
trail, and before entering the camp, the
litter was. left out of sight so as to avoid
causing any sensation among the people.
Every view tended to Intensify the strain
upon his overwrought nerves. By Sun
day afternoon his condition had become
so serious that he knew that it would be
physically impossible for him to under
take the downward journey alone. Guides
were available at the camp, but he could
not bring himself to endure the mental
torture of looking once more upon the
sights that had wrought such havoc upon
his imagination. The fear that the dread
ful impulse to leap Into space would
seize him once more and lead to his self
destruction was ever present in his agi
tated brain.
- t Summons for a Physician.
mind had been passed he was allowed td
come out from under the Influence of tha
anasthetic. The drug seemed to hava
quieted his nerves, and he was ablo ta
sit up and soon to walk.' "With a man oq
either side of him he walked down tha
remaining miles of the trail and was
driven to this city.
prominence of their State at this exposi
tion,, and when I am told It Is all done
•without a cent of State aid I marvel and
wonder whether It Is that they know their
business better or whether God has made
them different In the matter of pushing
their powers than the average of other
Americans. They have somehow got even
the barbers in Buffalo to saying that "if
you don't see California's exhibit you
don't see the show," and half the
strangers are impressed- with the idea
that the horticultural building belongs to
the State of California.
Next to California, New York has the
Steel Trust Officials Boast
That They Will Soon
Have a Full Force.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
First Party of Strike-
Breakers Reaches
Monessen.
Physician Administers Ether to a Geologist on the Summit of Mount
• Wilson in Southern California in Order That He May Make the
. Descent of the Crags Without Ending His Life by Leaping
NON-UNION MEN
FOR THE MILLS
SCIENTIST FEARS DIZZY HEIGHTS
AND IS CARRIED DOWN MOUNTAIN
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 19, 1901.
Orchard and Vineyard Exhibit of This State Occupies One-Third
of All Floor Space Given to This Line, and Embraces Fruits,
Wines and Other Products That Are Admired by All Visitors
CALIFORNIA LEADS THE COUNTRY
IN THE HORTICULTURAL DISPLAY
SECTION OF CALIFORNIA'S
SPLENDID WINE DISPLAY
AT BUFFALO.
3
"Being on Lager"
signifies the
storing of beer
to properly mature.
The enormous cold
'3l^^^^ r storage capacity of
Anheuser-Busch Brewing Ass'n
St. Louis, U. S. A.
enables them to "lager" their beers
five to six months before bottling, thus
insuring age, flavor and healthfulness.
' Brewers of the famous Budweiser, Black & Tan, Faust, Anheuser*
Standard, Pale-Lager, Export Pale, Michelob and Exquisite.
/ Order* promptly filled by
E. G. LY0ES COMPANY, Wholesale Dealers, SAN FRANCISCO.
II Sv BH, KM En Bff Gi Ku^ * iSbl. BB BSL CS4 «Xf
Reduced prices on new
iip-to-date fall clothing
..Months ago we ordered our workshops to increase 'their output — we wanted
to be prepared to supplv our fast-growing trade with a good assortment We
naturally expected even a bigger fall business than heretofore. But, as you know,
business is now very inactive. The present -labor controversy has made things
While our trade is rather good, we look forward to a very slow fall if the
Present conditions continue. We have resolved not to be overstocked with the
big shipments of goods now coming in from our workshops — we want to be kept
busy— we want, the August sales to average, well— we must sell our goods. Ac-
cording y we have reduced the prices on a line of suits, overcoats and pants.
Suits, niade up recently in our own workshops to sell at $12 50 and $1^.00,
have feen marked a: $7*85. Overcoats made to sell at $1000, are reduced to
$6.45. Tr u ers wcr h 5? 00 are priced $1.85. This is all good, up-to-date
clothing, we 1 made, union made and. fully guaranteed.
/ The?e reductions are absolutely as we claim. Any customer can have his
money back >f he thinks fo- a minute that the clothes are not worth the former
prices (regirdless'of the present sale price). -
The sale is enforced through the same causes that make a saving particu-
larly desirabe just now among the purcha^ng public.
Odds and ends in boys' clothes
The wise mother who. has an eye for bargains had better take heed of this
sale. We are gathering every possible odd and end suit from the entire depart-
ment and closing them out at a remarkable figure. We won't have another sale
like this for a long time— we are making such a clean-up that we will not have
:he good-. Sailors, ve/tees, Norfolks. Russian, blouses" and two-piece suits for-
merly selling at;from £4 00 to $8 00 are go:n| now at
Poy>* fine madras golf ?hirt?,Mzes 12 to i$|, SDecial for one week, 50c each.
Bov^' neckweVr— newest effects/ in imperials and grenadine Windsors,
25c each/i
. Boy-' blue d. j rby ribbed fleece lined underwear, 50c a suit.
B)ys'vva-h-iiits at c'o-mg out r»u:es— extremely cheap.
Extra value in boys' golf caps, 25c each.
', Air boys' straw hats, worth from 75c to $2 00 reduced to 45c.
ne'ed^clothesrhats I ' « ' . — +JJ- \*p. ing, furnishings or
or furnishings: v, 718 Market Street. - hats -MONDAY....^...... AUGUST 19, 190^
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor. ;
Afifrecs All Comssnicaticsi. to W. 8. LEASE, Kaniger. ¦
MAXAGER'S OFFICE./. . : . . .Telephone PresR 204
PtnHCATIOX OFFICE Market and Third, S. F\
Telephone I'rom 2O1.
EDITORIAL KOO.MS 217 to' 221 Stevennon St.
Telephone Prenn 202.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cent* Per AVeelt.
Single Copten. 5 Cents.
Termm by Mail. Including? Postage t
DAILY CALL, (Including Sunday), one y»ar S«O0
DAILY CALL flnpludlng Sunday). « months 3.00,
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 150 j
DAILY CALL— By Single Month 03c
SUNDAY CALL One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Year 1.00
All pos!tiia«(er« are authorized to receive
•¦nbftcrlptlonft.
Sample coplen will, be forwarded when requested.
Mail tubscriherr in ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLD ADDRESS in order
to insure a prompt aad correct compliance with their request.
UAKLANU OFPICK II IK Hronrtvr« r
C. GEORGE KROGXBSS.
rtn«f»r fprtign f ivtttif'is~. **r!iie*ts En'ldii*. r Mei«p.
(Long IMstance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Square
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEN n. SMITH 3O Tribune Dnlhlinc
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:
¦Waldorf-Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square:
Murray Hill Hotel.,
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman Houre: P. O. New« Co.; Great Northern Hotel; I
FVerrort How»e: Auditorium Hotel.
The facility with which the steel trust removes a
factory? from one towny and, sets it ; up in another
shows that Schwab has a good deal of skill in hand
ling, mills, whether he caH ; hand[e rrien -:or "not/ .
"Mandy," said Farmer Corntossel "I
guess it would be Jes* as well not to's.iy
so much about home cookin' when you're
talkin up our summer board •••:'¦•«,¦
"Why not?"
"'Cause some of these fellers act. to
me. like that was what they was tryin'
to get away from/'-w a3 hington Starf
_ SUMMER RATES at Hotel del Coronado.
Coronada Beach/ Cal.. effective after April IS:
WO for round jrip. Including 15 flay, at hotel.
Pacific Coast S. S Co. 4 New Mont 5 omery st.
It is said the. reformers in China propose to cut
off their pigtails, but the conservatives' threaten to re
taliate by cutting off. every head that is shorn of its
cue, so the game seems to be one of heads or tails
played in [ earnest. ; : ; •'':'}}'-.¦ . '. /••'.'¦ . .. "'.. .."'
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau- (Allen"s). 510 Mont
gomery street. - Telephone Main 1M2. •
CaL glace fruit 50e per 1- at Townsend's.*
. Mr. Towne has denied that he ever said i the gold
faction would'recover control of the Democratic party
or that David Bennett Hiil - would 'be', nominated in
1904. and now; we shall: probably .hear from .New
York that; Mr. Hill' is out of politics again. , ; '•
Choice candies. Tcwnsend's. Palace Hotel*
. A Philadelphiafman who is in the enjoyment ; of a
life annuity from his wife, who gave 1 it to him for the
privilege of deserting him,\ wants to sell his. prize.
As he is 63 years of age he should be willing- to make
a most liberal discount to anybody foolish enough to
consider his proposition. "y"
Dr. James Murphy of the General Em
ergency Hospital staff has departed for
the Santa .Cruz Mountains on his vaca
tion. In his absence Dr. Glannini will fill
the vacancy.
of J N?w > * X t h fS n - a Clgar manufacturer
oL^ , 3°v k CUy * is at the Pal a<*, ac
companied by his wife.
the^a"; MetCaIf ° f Sa "*™nto £S
fo^fbrtefsfay ° f ° rldIey IS at the G '™«
t^ T - A - Braden of Klrksvllle. Mo., ia at
the Grand with his wife.
a t J r'£ le T, C L OlIJ ? 5 '- a Cour "and rancher, is
at the Lick with his son. >
"The rate.of interest on money loaned
is. regulated by'; the supply and i demand,
which'govern all - articles Vof *. commerce,
and the burdens imposed by law in the
form of "a tax , on the transaction, which
"would diminish the profits of the
lender If paid by'him.wlll prompt -him 'to
compensate " f or , the loss \ by. increasing to
..The objection to the taxation of intangi
ble personal property Is of an entirely dif
ferent; nature. | It] Is j exceedingly .well set
forth in the decision of , the California Su
preme Court': in the case of the Savings
and Loan : Association against Austin (46
Cal.,.485).r-In this case It/was decidedthat
the taxation of real property on its full
value, and the taxation of the debt se
cured by ? a mortgage on the real property
is f double .taxation. The Judge
said: •
Editor San Francisco Call— Tour edito
rial of. July 10 entitled" "That Tribute to
Realty" has been called to my attention.
You quote ¦me as; saying, "that personal
property, pays its tribute toi real property,
therefore realty should . pay, all the ' taxes
and personalty should be exempt.".' This
statement Is not true, and, I do not think
you can'; find if in' any . writing' of ; mine.
Thestatement is true in regard to tangi
ble . personal property, for. no. man can
possess any tangible thing without paying
for land upon which it may rest and for
shelter, with which to cover It.
The Call does not hold itself responsible for
¦ : the. opinions published in this column,' but
'presents them for whatever value they may
have as communications of -general interest.
TAXATION OF" REALTY.
that extent the rate of interest demanded.
If his money, would command a given
rate of interest without the burden he
will be vigilant to see that the borrower
assumes the burden, either by express
'stipulation or in the form of increased in
terest, j This is the law of human nature,
which statute laws are powerless to sup
press, and which pervades the whole of
trade governed by the law of supply and
demand."
A mortgage bond is merely a part of the
debt secured by the mortgage, and if by
any device all mortgage bonds are taxed
and a loan is made in contemplation of
such a tax the tax will fall upon the bor
rower.
If:thetax'is imposed subsequent to the
making of the loan it practically amounts
to a confiscation of the property of the
mortgagee. In the case of all" mortKa^el
thereafter made the burden o?th« f»T
will fall upon the borrow!?
California has furnished the best ii!ii«t.
New Tork','juiy 28. ',
PERSONAL MENTION.
• < " • ¦ ¦ ¦¦ ;;,.¦'-¦ \ . ¦
Knowing fellowa shrugged their shoulders, said they had seen
such races before, that they never lasted long, and that th«
antelope would be left behind In a few moments. Tet tim»
passed and the flying animals kept their, lead of about 200
If 1' 7? e en S incer be S an to. wonder, and finally threw open
his throttle wide. The train Increased its speed, but the whist
ling of the engine spurred the runners to renewed efforts Ex
citement became general among .the passengers. Bets' wer»
made on all sides and of all kinds. One enthusiastic cattle man
declared nothing on earth could beat a frightened antelopein
a race and offered. to bet J1000 that the train could not K
the end of the canyon before the antelope. An old railroad
man took J10O of the bet, and the money was pu? up in^ht
hands of a stakeholder. The window 3 on the left side S the
train were crowded with people watching the antelope Grad!
ual y they began to separate under the terrific pace of the
train. Some were better runners than others. The first one
evidently the leader of the band, gallantly kept ahead, but two
others in the rear worked up toward the front as their coxn°
.splitting. screams were succeeded. by hoarse roars
"Their/ jumps were tremendous, yet the gait of each was
steady. and almost mechanical in its regularity... Only now and
then, as a gully or slender stream intervened, did their leaps
vary in length. The news of the race quickly spread through
the , train. Every one aboard was soon watching the antelope.
"On thundered the overland flyer at high sp'eed. The engi
neer, noting the animals just ahead, opened his throttle a bit
wider and pierced the air with startling shrieks of the whistle.
The echoes reverberated in an astonishing manner. Away sped
the slender-legged racers of the canyon, and .at each whistle
their speed increased. : Eagerly we counted them over and over
to make sure of their number. There were eleven, running like
lightning and not far. apart. If the first ones had stumbled it
seemed as If all would have been piled in a heap. But there
was no danger from such ¦ sure-footed animals. . - * "
, "Not far from the track they stood, with erect ears \ and
tense, muscles, . their bright eyes fixed upon, the approaching
train.' A green strip of natural meadow land extended on on©
side of the rails for a long distance. Their light, fawn-colored
bodies were clearly outlined on the emerald carpet. One In
stant they stood motionless— watching.- The next they bounded
into flight as swift as flashes of light. Shrilly the engineer had
blown liis whistle. Exclamations of amazement burst from us
alias we saw the speed, of the .little creatures. Surely, how
ever, they could endure but a few moments and must then fall
behind, 'we. thouffht. ~; :
• "One clear, cool morning we rounded a rocky curve In ths
Utah canyon and a verdant gorge was disclosed stretching
away for several miles. The vista' was delightful. As a group
of us were gazing ahead our eyes fell upon a bunch. of antelope.
HE most exciting race I ever witnessed was between a
herd of antelope and the fast mall for California within
th* walls of Echo Canyon," said E. J. Tuttle of the
Union Pacific to a Denver Post reporter the other day.
,. Language of that. kind cannot come without true
feeling. /It is fortunate for. the people of the ¦Missis
sippi Valley, however, that they' do not have such feel:
It will be admitted that those sentences form a very'
good prelude' to an item announcing "the 'rains, were
general all over the Mississippi Valley yesterday."
However, the writer felt that it was not sufficient for
Hie occasion. He took another drink 1 of rain water
and resumed: "Soon the. driving lines became. taut
like .wires and came on truing to the earth like volleys
of heaven-sent arrows, shooting the air with ringing
fancies and beating. the tender grasses with rebound
ing artillery. The little pools leaped to the union and
met the gray veil that softly brooded upon the moist
face of all. Fiercer and fiercer stormed the pelting,
smashing rain, battering at the portals of earth as if
to penetrate and be .hid therein, dashing violently
and. with furious rage against the barriers, high wall,
on pave and street as though to beat into one monot
onous flat all that opposed— and ' then it slackened,
hesitated, and With infinite 'tenderness 'bathed .with
slow-falling pathos*, the low-lying earth, all refreshed
and purified now' and upshining through its "radiant
tears like the dark eyes of love up*climbing to an all
adoring'forgiveness." , ¦¦¦:'". ,\
One of these writers begins an account of the com
ing of the showersby saying: "And the rain: came
silently in the night to the leafy caves of the tall corn
znl with misty eyes looked from mountain to moun
tain, bc.wing down over the parched ground that with,
eager lips- athirst lay prone and still. Pushing the
leafy bcughs aside with swift dew-gemmed fingers,
the drcps came sparkling and insistent, and soon the
whole yearning bosom of the earth grew dusky .with
the hun id kisses and grew sonorous with the patter
ing feet of the busy shower. Tall trees'stood motion
less in an ecstasy of rain and the joyous flowers tossed
the glinting beads from their bending and bediamond
ed heads, shining up in a tremor of sheer delight like
aspen stars." \ -
. Rarely have we ever had a better. illustration of the
truth that sorrow is silent but joy is jubilant than in
this case. The voices of the East did scant justice to
the vigor with which the "sizzard," as they call it, did
its work, but they pour out a full dithyrambic pean
over the rain. We have already noted the. rejoicing
in some of the towns of Kansas where, at the coming
of the rain, bells were rung, the shops stopped work
and the churches held thanksgiving services, but even
that did not tell, the whole tale. It is not until now
that the full, value and beauty of rain in the East has
been- made known by the facile pens of ready writers
whose task in life it is to . give expression to the
thoughts of the people and make articulate the emo
tions of the multitude. . -
WHEN the sweltering heat of the long
drought had well-nigh blighted in the East
everything from Kansas' corn to New York
politics there came from that section of the country
day after day a tale of woe that was almost as har
rowing as the heat itself. From the very exaggera
tions of those stories we were : able to learn much of
the terrific nature of the hot spell. Still we did not
learn it all. In fact, a truer estimate of the effect
of the heat upon the minds of the people can be
drawn f 10m the outburst of gladness which followed
the coming of the rain than from the lamentations
that arose during its absence.
HOW IT RAINS IN THE EAST.
Conditions in California, barring the disturbance
due to the strike, could hardly be more flattering.
Our crops are- just about large enough to be easily
manageable and profitable without being actually
short, if several kinds of fruit, such as prunes and
pears, which are too short, be excepted. Prices of
grapes for wine are unusually high and the demand
for them is keen. As for potatoes, we cannot get
enough of them to satisfy the demand for Texas and
Missouri points. The cannersreport a firm and active
market for their output and the wool-growers are in
good spirits over a demand which keeps the! market
well cleaned up. Prices for beef, mutton and pork
are still much above the normal and the stockmen
are making money. In fact,. the market reports of
the newspapers bristle : with allusions to firm and
active markets for almost everything, raised in the
State. Under these conditions money is plentiful,
credits arc easy, failures few and small and the tone
of trade sanguine. '
¦"-•-'. ¦ .¦¦¦•'-/'.
The only two negative elements of the situation, as
reported by the different commercial agencies, are
the strike at San Francisco and the recent heavy
storm along the Gulf of Mexico, which has done
more or less damage to crops and property, though
the loss to the former is not alarming. 1 The steel
strike is not as severe in its effects as anticipated, but
talk of a textile strike has unsettled and weakened
cotton goods, though the raw product is unchanged.
Wool continues in good shape, the raw product being
firm with an upward tendency, while manufactured
goods are in good demand. Boots and shoes are still
in active demand and jobbers are complaining of
slow deliveries— a good sign, as showing active opera
tions at the factories. Leather rules firm, but hides
have lately shown some weakness, as the recent hot
and dry weather in the Southwest led cattlemen to
rush large droves of cattle into market, which' gave
a temporarily large increase to stocks of hides. Since
the weather has improved, however, the retail trade
of the West and Southwest has exhibited a corre
sponding improvement, while the distribution ' of
merchandise throughout the East is reported satis
factory. These conditions are affirmed by the coun
try's bank clearings, which showed a gain last week
of 32.3 per cent over 1900, every city of importance
reporting an increase, though the individual gains
v-ivere not as heavy as has been the rule for several
months. The failures for the week were 178, against
168 last year, and were generally small and unim
fortant. % v
IT is seldom, even in the most prosperous times,
that trade reports are so uniformly cheerful and
promising as they were last week. From all
parts of. the country carae flattering advicesTaccom
panied by sanguine expectations for the future. The
damage to the corn crop of the West and Southwest,
which hung like a cloud over the railroad interests
of those section's for six weeks and gave many a
qualm to Wall street, has been definitely ascertained
and arranged for and as the Government report gives
the condition of the crop at 54, or a little over half a
crop, there is a better tone to railroad shares and less
demoralization among business men over the four or
five corn States. While, with the exception of wheat,
the crops— cereal and fruit— of the United States will
be smaller this year, the <3emand for- produce is so
brisk that it is expected that the increased prices will
fully offset the diminished yield. In fact, cereals and
hog products are already higher and all show more
or less firmness, while the demand for fresh and dried
fruits, canned fruits, vegetables, etc., throughout the
East and West is the heaviest ever known. As already
mentioned in this column. California is an immense
gainer by this demand and is receiving more orders
for the above products than she can fill. This is
evidently the California farmers' year.. ¦ . •
The latest development in the Kansas and Ne :
braska region is the holding in the rural districts of
a series of meetings known as "fathers' conferences:"
The object seems to be'. the inculcation of 'a paternal
philosophy relating to the training of children,"- the'
management of wives and other abstruse problems
that perplex the head of the family.
FLATTERING COMMERCIAL CON
DITIONS.
with our debt it is worth noting that
the Treasury Department recently issued an interest
ing statement of the comparative ; revenues of the
country in 1856 and 1901. The expenditures for the
last fiscal year were $505,967,353, while in 1856 they
were but $69,571,025. Thus the per' capita expendi
ture was in the former year only $2 48, while last year
it was $7 97- The wealth of the people, however,
has so increased during the 'interim that we
now carry the larger burden much more easily than
the men of the former generation carried the lighter
one. , ¦ '• ¦ . :¦* ' '¦ .¦ ' ... ', " , v , . •'. r
When the amount of the debt is compared with
population the heaviest burden is found in Aus
tralia' where the per capita debt amounts to $263 00.
It is to be borne, in mind, however, that the Austra
lian people have a" valuable offset to their debts in
the. form of state railroads, for the construction of
which most of the debt was contracted. In the
United Kingdom the per capita debt is about $75,
in Canada it is $50 60, while'in the United States it is
only. $14 50. - ¦ "
- When all deductions for public improvements have
been made, however, ' there : remains an enormous
sum that has been expended either upon war or upon
the preparation for it. France carries the heaviest
burden, her debt in 1800 being $5,800,691,814. Russia
stands second, her debt being $3,167,320,000, having
grown from $608,312,500 since. 185%. Great Britain .is
third, though her debt shows a decrease from the
figures of 1850, which were $4,082,596,603, while now
they are $3,060,926,304. Italy conies fourth witl} a
debt of $2,583,983,780, a net increase of $2,389,328,780
in forty years. Austria stands fifth with $1,697.255,
140, a net increase for the forty years of $1,093,942,
640. The United States is sixth, the figures for 1890
being $1,107,711,257, a net- gain in forty years • of
$1,044,259,483.
It must not be supposed" that the whole of this
debt represents waste. A considerable' portion of it
among European nations^ has been caused by the 1
construction of canals, railways, and other publje im
provements. Students. Jof the subject have noted
that the increase in the debt has not always been
greatest during years of war. Thus from 1872 to
1882, a period of comparative peace, there was an
increase of national debts amounting to the vast sum
of $4,000,000,000. . -.¦;.
According to the latest of these estimates the na
tional debt of the civilized world in 1793 was but
$2,433,250,000. In 1820 it had grown to $7,299,750,006".
Forty-two years later, in 1862, lhe amount was $13,
382.875,000, and twenty years later, .in 1882, it had
practically doubled, amounti|g to $26,249,93 i,of>o.
The estimates for" last "yeai% 'looo/'shdwed'a still fuf*^
ther increase of $5,000,000,000, the figures being $31,
201,759,000.
STATISTICIANS of. late have been engaged in
estimating the extent; to which the debts of the
world were increased during the nineteenth
century, and have found reason to believe that not
withstanding the advantages of improved machinery,
civilization has not increased in wealth more rapidly
than in debt. In other words, the nations 'have ex
pended during the century about as much as their
poeple have earned, and if all the debts could be
called in and a settlement forced they would not be
much, if any, richer now than they were a century
ago.
THE INCREASE OF DEBT.
In the present number of commanders and lieutenant com
manders in the United States, Navy there are five of the first
grade and seventeenin the latter grade that'are engineers and
are performing shore duty only, and as these officers would not
perform line duty they are not included in the totals of the two
grades. It is. apparent from the tabulated lists that our navy
Is greatly in need of additional officers. -
. ' : . .-,.»,¦• • ¦¦ . - • . .
opposition is made in one of the bureaus of the
Navy Department against the degrading use of the "Pirate"
as the cruiser Columbia was denominated, for a receivine shlD
to replace the old Vermont. The only good point made against
such a conversion is that the ship lacks accommodations for
a large crew, for in other respects neither the Columbia nor
the Minneapolis appear to be of much value either as com
merce destroyers or as fighting ships. Neither of them weTe
made useful during the late war with Spain, while the aLnary
cruisers Yale, Harvard, St. Paul and St. Louis made good
HERD OF ANTELOPE HAS WONDERFUL RACE WITH
FAST MAIL TRAIN AND WINS IT WITH EASE
...
The new royal yacht Victoria and Albert was Inspected July
22 last. and passed out of dockyard hands ready for commis
sion. Her keel 'was laid December 15, 1897, and the vessel has
therefore been over three and a half years under construction.
The entire new crew of the old Victoria and Albert will ba
transferred to the new yacht.
The permanent German naval force in the East Asiatio
station will consist of four large and two small cruisers, four
gunboats, three torpedo-boats and several armed river steamers.
The first trial of the French armored cruiser Jeanne d'Arc,
which took place July 22, was Interrupted through the alleged
incapacity of the engine-room force. Six of the thirty water
tube boilers were utterly destroyed owing to an insufficiency of
water in the tubes and the vessel waa towed back to port to
receive new boilers. A subsequent attempt to run the ship with
twenty-four boilers demonstrated the fact that In this one case
at least the Belleville boiler was a signal failure.
¦•' ' . , ' • • • - '
A wave of reform has struck the. Spanish navy; Beside*
striking off. the list over one-half of the ships as useless for
active service, and selling such as are unfit for anything, it is
contemplated^to farm out the arsenals; that is to say, turn the
latter over to private firms which will undertake to build and
repair ships for the Government.
The alleged success of the submarine boats in France has
led a large number of naval experts to advocate building such
craft as a means of coast and harbor defense in preference to
costly armored ships of doubtful utility. Thus far six sub
marine boats have been tested, two more are nearly ready for
trial, twenty-six are building and not yet launched and there
will be a recommendation that twenty-four more be built. This
will make a fleet of fifty-eight submarine boats within twelva
months, the aggregate cost of which will be about J9.28O.0OO,
equal to the cost of the new armored cruiser Jeanne d'Arc and
the cruiser Chateaurenault, the recent trials of which proved
to be dismal failures.
• • •
Loud complaints are made in the British press over the
cheeseparing policy of the Admiralty. The case of the wrecked
cruiser Sybllle Is given as an instance. The ship waa lost: on
the coast of Africa last February and everybody on board lost
all their kits. The officers were told to make out their claims
for losses so far as uniforms were concerned, but no allowance
would be made for plain clothes and other property- The
claims were made out and approved by naval officers at tha
Cape and sent to the Admiralty, where they were cut down 25
per cent and partial payment made in a couple of months.
The four officers court-martialed for the loss of the vessel got
absolutely nothing. The sailors fared but little. better and for
every shilling claimed by the latter the Admiralty allowed only
nine pence. "And yet," says the London Chronicle, "there ara
people who cannot understand how it is that there is a difficulty
in keeping men in the service."
records. The Columbia was built in 1892 and was calculated to
make a speed "of 21 knots with 21,000 horsepower, and to have
a coal capacity of . 2000 . tons, sufficient for 22.000 miles at 10
knots.' At a four-hours* trial she developed a speed of 22.3
knots, but under service conditions she averaged only 13.41
knots during a seven-days' race across the Atlantic in July,
1S97. The coal capacity' Is only 160O tons and the cruising en
durance at 10 knots is only 7200 miles. The two "Pirates'* can
no longer be classed as commerce destroyers, as steamships
have attained a speed of 22 knots and upward, and the enorm
ous coal consumption of the "Pirates" make them too expen
sive to maintain in active sea service for ordinary cruising
work.
THE old ilne-of-battleship Vermont, which has served for
more than thirty-five years as a receiving ship and which
has been, ordered destroyed or sold, owing to its un
sanitary condition, has a rather Inglorious record. She
was begun at the Charlestown navy yard in 1818 and
launched September 11, 1S4S. It was riot until February 24, 1862,
thatthe ship was fitted out and departed for Port Royal, towed
toy two tugs and accompanied by a steamer; Off Cape Cod the
-\ermont fared badly in a gale, losing her sails and rudder and
was in imminent danger for more than a month of being lost.
¦ Several ships were sent out to search for the unlucky ship and
she was finally found, by the Sablne and escorted to Port Royal
where, her brief cruising service terminated April 12. She
served for some years as'a hospital and supply ship and was
Lo 0 « Wed - to the 'Brooklyn yard. Her original cost of hull
£^ S JK, ' and the ' re P alrs U P to the present time foot up to
JoOO.OOO in round numbers. * > ¦ ¦
The recent Investigation • of the vessel by a board of "sur
geons resulted in a report condemning the Vermont as unfitted
for a receiving ship, as the old craft is waterBoaked and teem
ing with disease perms, and recommended that she be disposed
of as old junk or be given to the flames. Admiral Crowninshield
favors the burning process.
Germany is building; up its' navy in a consistent ftnd em
inently practical 'way. that. Is lacking In this country, and
for which Congress alone is responsible. In the German navy
the number of officers are increased each year to keep up with
the requirements for the new ships added, while practically no
such provision is made in the United States. During the past
eight years the Secretary of the Navy, the bureau officials and
a !i Jt other naval officers have pointed out the fallacy of
adding ships without providing: for an adequate number of
ofiicers and men, and two years ago a slight, addition was made
to the upper personnel. The increase in ships has been rela
tively the same in the navies of Germany and the United
States, but the increased number of officers is much less in our
navy than in that of Germany, as will be noted by the com
parative numbers in 1893 and 1901, given below
THE UNITED STATES OLD. LINE-OP-BATTLESHIP VERMONT, WHICH, AFTER LOXG SERVING AS A KE
CEIVING SHIP AT COB DOCK, IN THE BROOKLYN NAVY YARD, HAS BEEN CONDEMNED AS UNSAN
ITARY AND WILL PROBABLY BE DESTROYED. • .
THE Stockton Mail denies our statement that
Northern negroes are orderly and well behaved
because they are part of a community in which
their rights are respected, and they are part of that
public opinion which . makes for respectability and
decency. "
The editor of the Mail deliberately declares that the
reason is that Northern white women are complaisant
to negro men, or, as he puts it: "The white woman
of the South is felt by the negro to be much farther
beyond his reach than is the white woman of the
North, .which in truth she is."
It is painful to have to quote an utterance" as
sheerly brutal and a libel as cruel. A man must be
as beastly as the guilty negroes themselves to make
such a charge agairut the women of any section of
the country. It is partisanship gone mad to indict
part of the community in which he lives in order to
justify the conditions in the^- South which are the
odium of that section. .'...'.
We only stated our belief that the lasting remedy,
will be found in the moral elevation of the Southern
negro, and his advancement, approximately, to the
position of the Northern negro. This belief in
volves no attack upon tire habit of lynching by fire
in the South or anywhere else, but is the expression
of a hope that such barbarous occurrences may cease
by abolishing their cause. To answer this by such
a charge as the Mail makes against Northern women
is to deserve outlawry and isolation.
It is unfair to the beasts that perish to call the man
who makes it a beast. • ~
NORTHERN NEGROES.
When President Shaffer decided to call out the
steel men in the Western mills he spoke of them as
"working in slave . pens." It appears that they are
earning $300 per month in those slave pens and don't
want to: come out. It is probable that a great many
business men would like to break into .slave; pens
where the pay is that good. " " '
The issue does not need argument in* California,
where the treaty has been fully discussed and is un
derstood by all interested in it, but there is need for
watchfulness on b'.tr part lest the advocates of the
treaty get an advantage at Washington this winter.
We may be sure that there will be a strong lobby
quite willing to sacrifice California' for the sake of
the increased trade with France and we must be ready
to guard our interests at every point.
The French treaty is unfair to many of the in
dustries of this country and is particularly so to the
industries of California. The' ratification of it would
be to deny to this ,_ Slate much of the benefits that
protection gives. Even if the people of ho other
State were affected" we would have a right to call for
a rejection of the treaty on the ground that our in
dustries should not be sacrificed to promote the
trade of Eastern manufacturers. Fortunately, how
ever, we do not stand alone. In several other sec
lions of the Union opposition to the treaty is just as
pronounced as in this State and it. is gratifying to
note that the opposition has come largely from man
ufacturers. ¦ In fact, the wiser men engaged in that
great branch of industry are not so stupid as to
suppose that the Dingley tariff was made for them
alone. They are aware that if Congress once departs
from the true principle of a thoroughly compre
hensive system of protection they will have a hard
time in maintaining aty protection at all.
Not one of those declarations is exactly true, but
were they all true they would not constitute a suffi
cient justification for the ratification of the treaty.
The protective system advocated by the Republican
party, supported by a majority of the American
people and embodied in the Dingley tariff, is # not
confined to the protection of manufacturers. The
scope of its protection includes all American indus
tries that are in need of protection. The farmer and
the herdsman have rights and interests that must be
respected as well as those of the manufacturer, and
no schema, of protection can rightly be called an
American system unless it comprehends the welfare
of every class in the community.
In a series of resolutions on. the subject adopted
by the executive committee of the league it is de
clared, that the schedules of the Dingley tariff are
more than sufficiently high for ample protection, to
American manufactures, that the adoption of, the
treaty will open to the United States opportunities
for greater foreign markets for its 'surplus of manu
factured products and increase the trade of this coun
try with France at least $25,000,000 annually, and that
a failure to adopt the treaty may result in a general
tariff war.
FROM the general offices in' Chicago of the
National Business League there has been cir
culated a pamphlet containing the constitution
and official directory of the league, together with a
statement of the more important work in which it
is .. now - engaged. In the programme Californians
will note with interest that the league urges the adop
tion of the French reciprocity treaty as it stands,
under the plea that it is for the general interests of
the country.
TO SACRIFICE CALIFORNIA.
ings every' time; it rains. T It is only after, hot spells
that the showers have that effect. Were .'such ebul
litions frequent the great valley would soon be depop
ulated, for no people can live long on the levels of
such language.' >We have many tall mountains and
tall trees in California, but when it comes to. tall corn
and tall talk our Eastern brothers make us gasp and
stare.- ¦ • . ' •;¦ . "¦¦. .' V "\ : • ' .'; •:"• ¦¦¦,¦¦'¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.U MONDAY, AUGUST; 19; v 1901;
PASSING OF THE FRIGATE VERMONT
RELIC OF UNCLE SAM'S OLD NAVY
4
GRADE OF OFFICERS. . |— -Z— . ZllL_ onlIeq ""lea.
. 1S93. 1001. 1893. 1901.
Admiral 7 jj ! "
Vice admiral - z "'* *
Rear admiral .....IIIIDIIK"'.^ 10 V> "k M
Commodores in /
Captains' ....../.' ;..,'; ""' T'ii "ta a- ' 'c'a
Commanders u. !M\.v"; : " 32 51 i2 *|
Ueutenants jumor M^g SS
Lnslgns 135 m ( m 12fl
Totals •••• • • 5SS 1273 722~ mi
GRADE OF OFFICERS. . |— -Z— . ZllL_ onlIeq ""lea.
. 1S93. 1001. 1893. 1901.
Admiral 7 jj ! "
Vice admiral - z "'* *
Rear admiral .....IIIIDIIK"'.^ 10 V> "k M
Commodores in /
Captains' ....../.' ;..,'; ""' T'ii "ta a- ' 'c'a
Commanders u. !M\.v"; : " 32 51 i2 *|
Ueutenants jumor M^g SS
Lnslgns 135 m ( m 12fl
Totals •••• • • 5SS 1273 722~ mi
AMUSEMENTS. *
Columbia— "Lady Huntworth's Experiment."
Aioe-T— "S5|lvpr-MouT<*<Hi Hurf^r."
Grand Opera-house— "Brother Officers."
Central— "Men and Women."
Tlvol!— "Barber of Seville."
California— "Barbara Freitehie."
Olympta. corner Maso^ and Eddy streets— Specialty*.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
*veninr. »
Fischer-*— Vaudeville.
Putro Bath? — Swtmmirr.
State Fair and Exnosltlon. Sacrament**— R a rt»mb«r 2 to 14.
AUCTION SALES. '
By S. Watkins— T^jesdav. August 20. at 11 o'clock. Horses
snd Wagons, at 1U0 Folsom street.
By Win. G. Layne— Thursday. Aupust 29, at 11 o'clock
Fine Road Horses, at 721 Ho^vard street.
W SDBSCRIBERSLgAYINGTOWS FOR THESDMEL
Cnll «nl>*crlben« eontemplatinfr m clinnirn of
residence durlnc the nnmmer months can have
their paper forwarded hy mall to their new
adclre««e8 by notlfjlnsr The Ca.Il Business Office.
Tlzi* pi. r .«-r vrlll al*o be on sale at all oauimer
renorts and in represented by a local «/;cMt £a
•xll urn. » un the eoant.CHICAGO. Aug. IS.— Mrs. ¦ Kate Trahr.
who was Injured In the grade crossing ac
cident at the Forty-seventh street cross
ing of the Pennsylvania Railroad last
night, died to-night, being the fifth victim
to succumb.
Dies From Her Injuries.
.John Baseler, 66 years of age, committed
suicide in his bedroom In the rear of his
shop, 856 . Folsom : street. He had - tied a
rope -around his neck which he had; at
tached '¦ to the bedpost and had slowly
strangled to deaths He was found by his
friend John : Falke. 217 Second street,
about 9 ¦¦ o' clock yesterday I morning | hang
ing with his knees about, two inches from
the floor. Life : was 7 extinct. The . boSy ¦
was taken tothe Morgue. Baseler was a
shoemaker by trade and Falke had given
him - the ¦ money to . start .. his shop. Albert
Bchiable," 410 Clementina street, gave. him
$1 about 11 -o'clock ,: Saturday < night, and
was the last; person* to see him alive. He
was a widower, and a native of , Germany.
Han£s Himself to Bedpost.
Billy Madden received word yesterday
from Jim Pendergast of Sacramento in re
gard to an offer for a fight between Den
ver Ed Martin, whom Madden : manages,
and Joe Kennedy of this city, the fight to
take place during the fair at the capital
city. Madden says he will match his. man
against Kennedy, but wants . more ' time
for training.
Kennedy and "Denver" Martin.
. , The, Pacific jurisdiction of the Young
Men's Institute will hefld Its seventeenth
grand' council in, this city this week, be
ginning this morning. Representatives from
about fifty subordinate councils scattered
over the Pacific Coast are expected to at
tend. The most important matter to be
discussed before the : Grand. Council, and
a matter of Interest 'to Catholic people
generally, will be a resolution recommend
ing . to the national organization * . the
changing of ihe - name" of the. society, to
the 'Catholic Institute i of 'America. This
resolution will be introduced by Ignatian
Council No. 35 of San Francisco. One of
the arguments in favor, of the ¦¦ change is
that the present title is a misnomer, as it
does I not in any -way, disclose the | charac
ter of membership nor, the alms and pur
poses of the society.-
Effort Will Be Made to Change Name
•;ito Catholic Institute of
America.
TO UNO MEN'S INSTITUTE
TO HOLD GRAND COUNCIL
The barkentine Fremont arrived from
Bering Sea yesterday with the largest
codfish catch of the season.* Captain Kel
ton's was among the last vessels of the
fleet to reach the banks, but nevertheless
he succeeded in catching 177,000 fish or 80o.
more than he took last season. It is safe
to say not another vessel now north
will do anything like as well as the "Fre
mont. , The ca^ich of the other vessels up
to July 21 is reported as follows: Mary
and Ida, 65,000 fish; City of Papeete, 69,000;
Arago, 52,000, and Stanley, 61,000. ¦ :-;?•.¦:
Captain Kelton " was formerly mate of
the Fremont, but left her to go as master
of the schooner Winchester. Two seasons
ago he"' went ' back to • the Fremont aa
master and has done remarkably well In
her. ' , '.'¦''.''" VK?*-'^3<?1
ably Well in the Bering Sea.
Barkentine Fremont Does Remark-
RECORD CODFISH CATCH.
Detective T. B. Gibson telephoned .from
Crockett to Captain Seymour yesterday
morning that the diver had recovered an
other, of the stolen gold bricks, valued at
$23,000, and that there was . every pros
pect of the other, which is valued at $24,
000, being recovered at any moment.
It was thought, owing to the difficulty
in finding the two missing gold bricks,
that Winters had secreted them some
where so that after being released from
the penitentiary he could recover them
and use them to his own advantage. He
assured Detective Gibson that all the gold
bricks and bars stolen by him from the
Selby works ; had been dumped Into the
water and the recovery of the brick yes
terday bears out this assertion. ¦
Recovered.
ters, With a Single Exception,
All the Precious Bars Stolen, by Win-
The menagerie department has been en
larged and contains a superior collection
of the earth's odd animal creatures. -¦
The circus programme promises sensa
tional interest, both in the ring: perform
ances and the number and character of
the trained animal features... Particular
attention is called to the act of John
O'Brien, in which he controls, without bit,
bridle or whip, sixty-one nobly bred, high
strung horses. Also Lockart's and Sou
der's elephant comedians. These big ani
mals show a capacity for education alto
gether remarkable. .
The aerial performances of the Dacoma
family and the Fisher family are extraor
dinarily daring. Then there is the famous
Holloway trio, who do, on a high wire,
what expert gymnasts regard most diffi
cult on the solid foundation of the ground.
There is also Amelia Feelejr, a young Eng
lish girl hardly out of her teens, -who has
acquired a European fame second to none
as a bareback rider: Albert Crandall and
his trick mule, Thunderbolt: Madam No
ble and her saddler, Jupiter; John Rooney,
the champion somersault and bareback
rider; .William de Van, Australia's cham
pion rider; Joseph Le Fleur, the French
gymnast, and other performers of inter
national fame in a list too big to mention
Individually. Forty clowns will provide
fun for the little folks.
Next week will be circus week. No
doubt the dreams of half the youngsters
in San Francisco are being disturbed by
the imaginary grimaces of the clowns and
the wonderful elephants that only come
In Juvenile dreams.
cent Menagerie Are With the
Great Show.
SENSATIONAL ACTS
IN RINGLINGS' CIRCUS
Marvelous Performers and a MagnifL-
DIVER BRINGS TJP ONE
MORE STOLEN GOLD BRICK
The music committee has Just signed ! a
contract for the largest amount of music
hired at one time in San Jose. The con
tract provides; for parade, escort, recep
tion, concert, promenade and ball music
for three days of festivity . and merry
making/ The entertainment committee
has provided entertainment for its gen
eral headquarters, so that there will be
three days' continuous hospitality at this
place. ¦-¦;¦-.¦¦-
The town will be splendidly decorated
with festoons of greens and flying ban
ners until the streets will be transformed
into longr arcades of ¦ bunting and ever
green. The private decorations will this
year exceed any efforts hitherto put forth.
Both residences and business shops will
take on festival ' garments In honor of the
occasion and the visiting guests. Nor will
the exteriors alone be beautiful. Every
hall that will be used as general head
quarters and as parlor homes will , be
beautified by those in charge. The local
decorators have already been taxed with
plans for decoration of the various enter
tainment centers.
The Native Sons; Native Daughters, Pio
neers and othor loyal Californians will
soon arrive in San Jose. Less than a
month now remains until the celebration.
Secretaries, assistants, committeemen and
sub-committeemen are rushing about com
pleting their plans that the thousands
who come to San Jose may be splendidly
provided for. The liberality of the citi
zens of San Jose has made it possible for
the local Native Sons to , outdo them
selves. - Between 55000 and $6000 will be
spent for the sake of maintaining San
Jose's reputation as a hospitable commu
nity. , •
The occasion for all this grandeur Is the
fifty-first birthday of the State of Cali
fornia. The responsibility for its proper
commemoration has this year fallen uppn
the Native Sons of San Jose, and their
general committee and sub-committees
have long since commenced their work of
making this year's festival a new high
watermark.: ¦ x
SAN JOSE, Aug. 18.— San Jose will soon
be hostess, and 16,000. loyal Callforniana
will be the guests at the most superb cel
ebration ever given in the State of Cali
fornia. It will surpass in every possible
feature. There will be more people, more
entertainment, more music, more ban
queting Jn three days than any city of
hospitable California has heretofore pro
vided. - >*:.'
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Aug. 18.— The bull fight to-day
near Roubaix in which women acted as
matadors drew spectators from Northern
France. Belgium and Germany. The
arena was midway between Roubaix and
Lille, and there were accommodations for
12,000 persons. About 8000 were present.
The heroine of the day was the matadora
Lollta, whose reputation for coolness and
agility is known throughout France and
South Africa. She killed three small two
year-old Andalusian bulls with wide sharp
horns. The matadora Herrelda killed
two bulls. She was nervous but the spec
tators were very little excited. The bulls
were too young to make much resistance.
Some of the spectators were angry be
cause Lollta's horse was not disembow
elled, they not being content with the sight
of the bulls' blood. The Mayor was pres
ent and the gendarmes kept order.
Spectators Grow Angry
Because the Horses
Are Not Killed.
Preparations Are Being
Made for Natives at
San Jose.-
Bishop Shaffer is a fluent talker and
held the attention of the entire congre
gation during his discourse, which was a
lengthy one. He asked his hearers to re
view with him the life of the Savior, and
urged them to make every effort to fol
low his teachings. • '
The services were opened by the Rev.
Dr. Snelson, pastor of Bethel Church. In
introducing Bishop Shaffer,. Dr. Snelson
spoke of the many years the distinguished
visitor had spent laboring In the church
and spoke of the length of time it required
for a member of the ministry to reach his
high position.
Right Rev. C. T. Shaffer, D. D., M. D.,
of Tokepa, Kans., bishop of the fifth
Episcopal district of the African Metho
dist "Episcopal Church, greatly pleased a
large congregation at the Bethel Church
last night by his address, which treated
of the all-abiding faith in Jesus Christ
possessed by the Apostles.
Congregation of Bethel
Church.
Colored Prelate Pleases the Colored
BISHOP SHAFFER SPEAKS
ON APOSTLES' FAITH
GALA BANNERS
WILL FLUTTER
Captain Newton disclaims any special
credit for Agulnaldo's capture and says
that the honor belongs entirely to Gen
eral Kunston, ¦who planned the, coup. New
ton put some of -the. machinery in opera
tion, however, by discovering some of
Aguinaldo's correspondence in one of the
insurgent leader's private postofflces. in
Manila. Newton was connected with the
police department at the time and the
correspondence served as a clew toward
locating Aguinaldo's whereabouts.
Nowton was one of the five American
officers who' were palmed off as prisoners
captured by a party , of seventy-eight
Macabebes and five Tagalos under the
command of Captain Hilario. The latter
represented .themselves as reinforcements
to Aguinaldo in answer to his request
made to General Lacuna for 400 troops.
A letter with the forged signature of Gen
eral Lacuna; was delivered to Aguinaldo.
After the latter was made prisoner he
confided to Newton that he could not
believe that Lacuna's signature had been
forged and was greatly amused '¦ when he
was Informed that one of the •soldiers had
practiced a week before he succeeded in
making a perfect reproduction of the (gen
eral's handwriting.
Captain Harry W. Newton, U. S. V., re
tired, who was a member of the party
that captured Aguinaldo, was a pas
senger on the transport Sheridan, which
arrived yesterday, and is registered at the
Occidental. Captain Newton was mus
tered'out of the Thirty-fourth Infantry
Regiment on June 30 and is on his way to
his home in Superior, .Wis.
He Took in General' Funston's
Coup.
Captain Harry Newton Tells of Part
MEMBER OF PARTY THAT
CAPTURED AGT7INALDO
at all hours of day or night. He is mas
ter of five languages, English, Latin,
Spanish. French and Italian. His work is
chiefly among the foreigners whose lan
guage he speaks, and by them he is held
in love and reverence.
Father Sanctes Traverso was born in
Genoa, Italy, on Nov. 1, 1825. He entered
the Jesuit Order August 9, 1843. At the
time of the revolution in 1848, during Gari
baldi's reign, he with others was com
pelled to flee from the mobs and sought
safety in France. For the next three
years he taught in the colleges of France.
On August 17, 1851, at Puy de Dome, . he
was ordained a priest and the next day
he celebrated his first mass.
THE REV. FATHER TRAVERSO,
WHO HAS CELEBRATED HIS
FIFTIETH ANNIVERSARY.
22-rifle. fifty yards— W. G. Hoffmann, 28;
Arthur Scott, 26, 52, 59; H. A. Baker, 36,
48, 48; E. Stevens, 51, 71.
Scores, off hand. Columbia target -rifle,
200 yards— F. O. Young, 49, 51, 54. 56, 56;
Captain Fred Kuhule. 59. 63, 67. 72; A. B.
Dorrell. 61, 64. 68. 71. 72. 74; G. M. Barley,
67. 81; Dr. J. F. Twist, 73, 75, 91, 84, 80; A.
J. Brannagan, 81. Dr. Twist's five scores
wcrt. shot in a fifty-shot match with Dor
rell, who gave the doctor fifty points, but
the latter won out. ,
Military repeating rifles, Creedmoor
count— Ed Hovey, 47^ 46, 45; E. A. Allen,
43, 43, 43, 42.
Revolver, fifty vards — A. J. Brannagan,
35. 53, 54; W. G. Hoffmann. 57, 65; F. O.
Young, 68, 66, 82; F. S. Washburn, 62, 83,
85; A. H. Pape. 63. 64, 70; J. R. Trego, 65,
80. 83. 89; F. W. Page. 66. 83. 87. 87, 88, 83,
91. 91, 91; Dr. Twist. 87, 100. 107.
Pistol, fifty yards— A. Harrison, 79, 96;
H. A. Baker, 10S, 119.
A. J. Brannagan beat the club's ten
shct revolver record one point, winning a
gold medal by the feat. His shots in de
tail were 1, 8. 5, 2. 3, 1, 3, 3, 6, 3,— C5. This
was accomplished with a 3S-caliber re
vo.lver. seven of his shots being- in the
three-inch ring. Mr. Brannagan has only
been shooting since February. This
club expects to shoot a telegraph revolver
match with Light Battery A of Boston
next Sunday, teams to consist of six men.
The Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club held
its bi-monthly shoot yesterday at Har
fcer View. The conditions for fine scores
vere unfavorable.
Pistol and Rifle Club at
Harbor View.
Bimonthly Shooting of the Columbia
BEANNAGAN BEATS THE
CLUB REVOLVER RECORD
FAIR MATADORS
AT BULL FIGHT
Father Traverso is one of the most re
tiring of men and dislikes very much the
publicity which the celebration of his
ordination and first mass brings him. He
says he hopes only to be worthy of all
the good things said about him. He is
strong, sturdy and healthy, and shrinks
from none of the duties of his office, mit
administers to the sick, needy and dying
S 1 AN JOSE, Aug. 18.— To-day marked
the fiftieth anniversary of the
priesthood of the Rev. Father Tra
verso of St. Joseph's Church in
this city. The event was celebrat
ed by the Jesuit Fathers and the members
of the parish in a befitting manner. The
religious celebration was held in the
church at 10:30 o'clock this morning, when
the sacrifice of the mass was offered by
Father Traverso himself.
A programme of special music carefully
prepared for the occasion was rendered.
The Right Reverend James D. Murray,
Bishop of Queensland. Australia, the
guest of the Jesuit Fathers, assisted at
the mass in the sanctuary and imparted
at the end of the ceremony his episcopal
blessing to the congregation. Two ser
mons appropriate to the occasion were de
livered, the first at the morning mass by
the Rev. Father Gleason, the pastor cf
the church, and the other in the evening
after vespers by the Rev. Father B. Cal
zla, former pastor of St. Joseph's.
"Hayden had authority as treasurer to
sign all checks that wore drawn in the
name of the firm. He drew checks upon
the various banks here in which. the cor
poration had deposits, and then took these
checks and deposited them in his own
bank to his own account. When he want
ed money he drew against the checks
which he had deposited to his own ac
count. He 'was receiving a large salary.
Hayden was under bond and the company
will not lose a dollar."
"The amount of the embezzlement is
between $15,000 and $20,000. It will not ex
ceed the latter figure, although we have
not completed our investigations. It will
probably take all of this week to get
tilings straightened out. The thefts have
been going on since the 1st of August.
"We have no clew as to the where
abouts of Hayden. How he came to take
the money I don't know, though i have
heard since coming here last week that he
was in the habit of betting on the
races. I can't say, however, that this is
true.
NEW TORK, Aug. 18.— The whereabouts
of John T. Hayden, the missing secre
tary-treasurer of the New York branch of
Swift & Co.: remained a mystery to-day
and to-night. Hayden disappeared last
Tuesday, after he had turned his books
over to John Chaplin, an auditor In the
Chicago offices of Swift & Co., who had
come East to make one of his periodical
inspections of the firm's accounts. Mr.
Chaplin had gone but a little way in his
work when he discovered that the ac
counts'were short several thousand dol
lars. 'Vi;
A warrant has been sworn out for Hay
den and detectives are looking for him.
The warrant was Issued on a complaint
framed on the accusation that Hayden
had appropriated 510,000. which he ob
tained by one check drawn upon the com
pany's account.
Mr. Chaplin when seen at his hotel to
night said:
Reception committee— J. W. Burson (chair
man), i E. F. Donnelly, F. A. Mecredy. John
Greenwell. A. Springer, L. W. Kelson, Herman
Kellum, Mrs. A. Atkinson, L. E. Derre, N. S.
Locke, F. C. Jackson, C. N. Perkins, C. T.
Lagercrantz, Joseph McTamney, Frank A.
Haas, E. : F. Williams, George W. Day, J. V.
Collins, J. Gorfinkel, A. L. Adams, R. L. Apple,
George A. Glover, John T. Morris, C. N. Brown,
George 'J. Asmuesen, H. J. Brady, C. G. Hinds,
Joseph Rudee, E. J. Barton. " •
Raffle committee— Warren King (chairman),
R. T. Onyon, Joseph F. Cone, M. L. Friedlan
der, J. L. E. Sullivan, William L. St. Amant,
Charles J. Armbruster. . '' ,
. Games committee — A. E. Wessling (chair
man), A. F. Schulec^ William Mull, George P.
Fcely, M. ¦ E. Cashman, D. F. Hurley, • C. J.
Bellman.
" Committee of arrangements— W. E. Murphy
(chairman), A. S. J. Woods (secretary), James
H. Donohoe (treasurer). B. Mahoney, E. E.
Sawyer, Al Henry. D. H. Burson, John R. Mc-
Gee, George P. Feely.vW. J. Murphy. W. V.
Wise, Warren King, G. D. Bell. F. B. Sulli
van, George Gassman, F. Schuler, A. E. Wesa
ltng, Martin J, O'Donnell, Austin Welch, Wil
liam Mull, George Drum.
Floor committee— J. E. Power, R. W. Kerrl
son, C. S. Levy, Theodore V. Krohn. T. J. Gil
lespie, F. C. Snyder, I. W. Jones, H. Behrens,
C. C. Bensen, Frank Hardy, H. W. Logemann,
C. W. Seeley, William H. Snyder, J. D. Dunni
gan, J. V. Quinn, Arthur Liebscher, W. S.
Paynter, D. F. Foley.
The committees were as follows:
The initial picnic of San Francisco
Branch No. 8, United National Associa
tion of Postofflce Clerks, was held yester
day at Schutzen Park.. More than one
thousand of Uncle Sam's employes and
their friends turned themselves loose for
a good time. All the old standby's of the
order were present with TJells on, and per
formed their several! stunts in honor of
the day. Uncle Ben McKlnley made
goo-goo eyes ¦ at Adam Brehm's chickens
until the fowl sought the safety of their
bulldog-guarded henhouse. Joe Burson
was coaxed into the old men's race and
when near the finish line a fence corner
bunted Into him. His friends dragged him
through the dust and across the line a
good second. Warren King appointed him
self a committee of one to secure entries
for the fat ladles' race. He sought to en
ter himself 'but was barred. H. Caveuy,
"our delegate," ; won distinction in the
merry-go-round, his Wild West exhibition
being one of the finest ever seen in this
county. George Asmussen left his "sack"
behind but he had a score of pretty girls
to console him. "Lord" Hatton covered
himself with dust and glory In the games.
r>. H. Burson sang "Oh! Where Is My
Little Red Vest?" and H. M. Martin dis
pensed large packages of philosophy.
The races were won as follows:
Race for girls under 12 years— Louise Young
won, Rotsie Cullen second.
Race for boys under 14 years— Frank McAvoy
won, Albert Anderson second.
Race for marriageable young ladles— Annie
Dooley won, Josie Johnson second.
Race for married men— J. Sullivan won, A.
D. Kairweather second.
Race "for Postoffice clerks— A. Llebscher won,
M. Cashman second.
Race for fat men— G. F. Halton won, A. S.
J. Woods second.
Race for letter carriers— Charles Beven won,
Ellward Ziska second.
Race for fat ladles— Mrs. E. Hurley won,
Mrs. H. W. Mathews second.
Race for married ladies— Mrs., Dibblee won,
Mrs. Josie Murphy second.
Race for old men — R. O. Thorpe won, C. M.
Brown second.
Free for all race— J. Sullivan won, G. J.
Wallace second. V.- ¦ a ;.* -"'¦ ""'
Three-legged race— J. Brown and II. Dye
won, B. Boyd Green and P. Deback second.
Members of the Association
and Their Friends Have
a Gay Time. <
Amount of His Embezzlement
Placed at From $15,000
to $20,000.
Detectives on the Trail
of Swift & GoTsJfH
Secretary.
Big Picnic of Uncle Sam's
.Employes at Schuet
zen Park.
POSM CLERKS
ENJOY OUTING
JHON T. HAYDEN
STILL AT LARGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 19, 1901.
Prominent Friends of the Rev/ Sanctes Tra
verso Pay Tribute to the Well-Known
Jesuit's Fifty Years /of Good Work
PRIEST HIGHLY HONORED
AT GOLDEN ANNIVERSARY
5
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ii-i.ri.ri .n_iTj^j^j^.n.runj-\r\njTufXOT_ririjn n^u^^i^^ru^>r^x^J^ru-LJ^J^^J^^rLfvru^u^ J>r^^^r>- l^L/^J-«J-L¦-¦r-u-u-lJ- l l- _n. m nr r iinjv>irnr n iriumi »_n h»~i~i
Hb ¦Cck B^a IB9 Ri_^ MJI m^M te4f h£.^C-*&. mvSt **QF ni^^^^^^L
children do not have trouble *when
Mellin s Food furnishes the phos-
phatic salts necessary to build up
the teeth and in consequence the
teeth are well formed and sound, and
teething is an easy process.
' Have you seen our book?
No ? Then you ought to send for it.
It shows what good nourishing food 'will do for babies*
It tells what other people say about Melon's Food. -"_-¦:
It answers a few questions about Mellin's Food.
Send us your name and we will send it to you free.
MELLIN'S FOOD COMPANY, BOSTON, MASS:
Roanoke Rye, Honey/andHorehound,
Old Virginia's great offering. , , •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Hi I J L i i I Jilt ¦¦¦ ¦
MODERN METHODS
And a thorough theoretical and practical
knowledge of
DENTISTRY—
Places our work on a plane much above
the average. Nothing is done on
change. Each operation is successful
because carefully considered and
skillfully carried out.
Made by us will last for many years.
Cold Fillings.. $1.00 1 Terth Cleaned. . .50c
SI'ver Fillings. 50c Bone Filling:. . . .50c
Chalmers Dental faffiX 1
§VIM, VIGOR. VITALITY forMLN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILLS
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and . their
followers. Positively cure the
worst cases In old and young
s rising from effects of «self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking'. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency, Lost
Power, Night Losses, Insom-
nia, Pains In BacV. Evil Desire*. Lame Bark.
Nervous Debility, Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen, Varicocele or Con.
Btipatlon. Stop Ner f^ O_# vous Twitching: of
Eyelids, Effects are^T^_^r«in" ne<J i a te. i m .
part -vigor and pote c ' CJ¥ * s> ncy to every func-
tion. Don't set despondent; a cure Is at hand.
Restore .small, undeveloped organs. Stimulate
the brain anJ nerve centers; 50c a box; 6 for
J? 50 by mail. A written guarantee to cure or
money refunded with 6 boxes. Circulars free.
Address BISHOP REMEDY CO.. 40 Ellis St..
Ran FrandEco. . CaL GRANT DRUG CO., 33
1 tnd Vi Third et. .
AMUSEMENTS.
THE BEST YET!
READ THE LIST OF NAMES !
The Cragg Family, Louise Thorn- ¦
dyke Boucicault and Co., Katherine
Germaine, The 4 Otts, Lefebre's
Saxophone Quartet, Chas. H. Brad-
¦ shaw and Company, Bemarc and
Rilay, Hill and Silviany, and the
Biograph.
Reserved Seats, 23c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chalra and Box Seats. SOc.
fa fh B flBA^ESBA SA3 F8anc:sco's
O U LU aWBJSJJI A LEADING THEATRE
....BEGINNING TO-MCHT...
EVERT NIGHT EXCEPT SUNDAY. .
MATINEES SATURDAYS.
DANIEL -:X
FROHMAN'S
COMPANY
From Daly's Theater, New York. Including
HILDA SF»ONG,
i In the Great Comedy Success.
LADY HUNTWORTll'S EXPERIMENT.
By R. C CARTON.
Author of "Lord and Lady Algy." "Liberty
Hall " "The Tree of Knowledge and
' "Wheels Within Wheels."
POSITIVELY THIS WEEK ONLY.
A GLORIOUS WELCOME.
MR. JAMES AND THE
A/ EZT f I I NEILL
/ V MmmJ I MmJMm* COMPANY.
PRESENTING , : , ¦¦ ¦
"BARBARA FREITCHIE"
(Public Demand.)
Evening.. 25c, 33c, 60c. 73c. $1 00
Saturday Matinee 23c, 50c, 75c
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY.
25c and SOc
. NEXT SUNDAY NIGHT.
"rosem A_:Rrx\»
SEATS THURSDAY.
Beginning TO-NIGHT— Every Ev'g This Week.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Superb production of Belasco and De Mllle's
Powerful Drama,
Men and Women.
*A Great Cast— First Appearance In San Fran-
- ¦ Cisco of the Talented Actress. .-, :
MISS ANNETTE MARSHALL.
DDircw Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, 35c, EOc
I fllVLJ Matinees 10c, 13c, 23c
Next Week— "THE TWO ORPHANS."
SjeL. "1?* B"fi Sit £\. "T* ff? £i "^ r
TO-NIGHT BEGINS LAST WEEK...
FLORENCE ROBERTS,
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESEY,
In Charlotte Thompson's Success.
SILVER MOUNTED
HARNESS.
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Week — Florence Roberts.
! "ROMEO AND JULIET."
CHUTES and ZOO
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL
— INCLUDING^
Hayes Brothers, Ed Reynard, Mile.
Jeanette, Claire Fex, The Gag-
nouxs, Irving Jones, New Moving
Pictures.
NbXT THURSDAY NIGHT,
AMATEUR MINSTRELS.
Telephone for Seats Park 23. •
PROFESSOR TEN-ICHI,
The clever - and well-known conjuror from
Japan, will give . . -.
TWO ENTERTAINMENTS
MONDAY. . August 13, TUESDAY. August 20.
At SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.'S HALL. Sutter
Street. .
Patronized by His Imperial Japanese Majesty..
ADMISSION 25c and 50c.
Doors Open 7:30 p. m.' ! .
WTQPWFR'^! CONCERT HOUSE.
flDl/nEili O Admission 10c.
Fannie Raymond, Camella and Amellta, Paul
La Croix. P. A. Dunsworth. . Coleman anc
Mexls. Loo and Munroe, Hooley and Kelton. i
Jones and Brown and Hinrichs' Orchestra. ,
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPENNIGHTS.
Open daily from 7- a. in. : tb 11. p. m.
Bathing from T a. m.- to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION/ 10c; CHILDREN, 5c.
Bathing, Including admission, 23c; children, 20c.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
PARAMOUNT ISSUE WITH US
IS QUALITY.
Qnafitj first, last and always.
TELEPHONE -ga /5 W Jlj
222-224- SUTTER ST.
SPECIAL REDUCTIONS
MOHDAY— TUESDAY— WEDNESDAY.
EASTERN HAMS, Beg. I6c, lb. 14c
(U quelity, vrry fine.
FLAVORING EXTRACTS, L. L. & CoV
2-cunce. 6-ounce.
Vanilla ....Reg. I.V:— SOc Reg. 50c— 40c
Umoa Keg. 25e— SOc Reg. 43c— SOc
SANTA ANA OLIVE OIL, R 8 ? c bot. 75c
Every bottle bear* chemist's affidavit
as to absolute purity.
RIESLING, Reg.-fl.OO, gallon 65c
BURGUNDY, Reg. 51.00, galloa 65c
CORN, Reg. 12k tin 10c
Milky and eweet. Cactus brand.
CAVIAR RUSSE,
1-16 H H
Reg. 25c 45c 750
Now SOc 4Oc 70c
WOOD ALCOHOL, *"&? l ;?.g tf gal. 95c
BffiD SEED, Mxi Reg 2 L lbfc 5 lbs. 25c
Pffl-OLAS,"Baby"Reg. 20c, 3 bots 50c
Staffed with eweet Spanish peppers.
COFFEE MILLS, "Parker's" S£-«c
Celebrated box xnllL
BLACK PEPPER, grd.
14 lb tin— Reg. 20c— 15c.
1 " tin. Reg. 35c— 25c.
Our eulces are the
hlffheet grade and best In this market.
nirc "New Er»" finest cuallty Caro- C |U C iC-
Kit L, |, ,, Reg. 10c lb.. 3 1"3« 43C
10 lbs, 85c
PAPRIKA, Reg. 25c, '. . 20c
Promote* digestion.
LOBSTER, Canadian, Reg. 50c, 45c
Finest Quality. In elaes jars.
I Come and try our "Velasquez"
cigars. All sizes and prices.
ONE THOUSAND MEN
WANTED!
SAILORS,
STEY/EDORES,
LABORERS.
Steady employment
and good wages if work
is satisfactory.
Apply
LUMBER DEALERS' ASSN.,
2O9 Examiner Bldg.
%
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
Pacific Surety
• INSURANCE COMPANY
OF BAN KRANCISCO. IN THE STATE OF
California, on the 31st day of, December,
A. D. 1S0O. and for the year ending on that
<!ay, a« made to the Insurance Commissioner
of " the State of California, pursuant to the
provlBiOG* cf Sections 610 and 611 of the Po-
litical Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commiesloner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid up In
Cash - (250.000 00
ASSETS.
P.eal Estate owned by Company $4.000 00
Loans on Bonds and Mortgares 166,11103
Ii a«h Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 82,890 55
Favln&s Banks deposits 62,831 81
cneh In Company's Office 229 P0
<"Hsh In Banks 9.874 70
Interest due and accrued on all Stocks
and Loans 1,863 34
Interest due and accrued on Bonds and
Mortgages 788 60
Premiums In due Course of Collection. «.6S4 09
Total Assets 4325,374 02
LIABILITIES. '
L«?*see In process of Adjustment or In
Suspense .......... ....... ...'.... ........ $2,500 00
Losses resisted. Including expenses 1,700
Gross premiums on Risks running one
year or lees. $ : reinsurance
K> per cent 25.C38 25
Groe« premiums on Risks running:
more than one year. % ; re-
insurance pro rata. J.S69 40
Total Liabilities $23.707 65
IN'COME. ~
yet cash actually received for pre-
miums $50,644 87
t; reived for Interest on Bonds and
Mortpagea - ¦ 12,052 90;
jf^eSved for interest and dividends on
Bonds, Stocks, Loans and from all ]
other sources 6,660 10
Received from all other sources <ft 53
Total Income - '• 868.848 40
EXPENDITURES.
\"ot amount paid for Losses finelud-
ine I losses of previous
years) J3.P29 SI
nividends to Stockholders « 15.000 00
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage B.701 87
Paid for Salaries. Fees and other
charges for officer*, clerks, etc 13.437 25
Paid for State. Xational and Local
Taxes S.'SS 41
All other payments and expenditures.. 11.945 93
Total Expenditures $53,773 77
==
WALLACE EVKRSOS, President.
A. P. REDDING. Secretary.
Subscribed ar.d sworn to before me this 22d
Gay of January. 1901. M. M. ItHORER.
Deputy Insurance Commissioner.
PACIFIC SURETY COMPANY
CF CALIFORNIA,
Cath Asset! July L 1S01 $342,000
GUARANTEE ~AND CASUALTY.
Bonds of Si-rety, Ship. Steam, Bailer
end Plate Gl*es Insurance.
Head 0ffic3 : 326 Montgomery Street,
Ss.H Franclnco.
Call,$1.00 per Year
AMTJSETVrrTMTS,
EVKNXNGS AT 3 SHARP!
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
GRAND OF»ERA.
To-night. "Wednesday. Friday and Saturday,
Rossini's
....BARBER OF SEVILLE....
Tuesday, Thursday, Sunday Nights and Satur-
day Matinee.
Tremendous Scenic Production of Bolto'a
Great Classic,
..... MEFISTOFELB
FIRST TIME AT THIS HOUSE.
POPULAR PRICES 23c. SOc and 73o
..'. yi i -Telephone Bush 9.
EVERT EVENING THIS "WEEK. ~»
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAT. '
DANIEL FRAWLEY
- — PRESENTS
"BROTHER. OFFICERS*"
. A Comedy in Three Acts, fcy Leo Trevor.
On THURSDAY EVENING. Aug. 22. a HAND-
SOME SOUVENIR PHOTOGRAPH o£
MISS VAN BUREN will be given
to each lady present.
PRICES 10c, 13c, 25c, 60c. 75«
Good Orchestra Seat All Matinees 25a.
Branch Ticket Office — Emporium.
Next Week— "LORD AND LADY ALGY."
Owning A*i>3rfARNE$$*RAciNG»
- Oair,y Contests*
Y7\ ~L" 'J ¦—> *~h-Bf^afai»««»—w^»»frw»^w^***^^-5r-»-*^— — s. JB
SStewSS
.'-feikotf bates Von v/sT^r?
0S>**r Exhibits ri *'K>*i
v Carried Free 7
fop particulars Write:
GEnWJACKSON. -A&,$PRECKEik
*, PRB3IOCNTV*
PALACE '
._ These hotels posses*
ANn .. tha attributes that tour-
lets and travelers ap-
rOAirn predate— central loca-
UKAlill tion, liberal managre-
«/\T r ET C ment, modern appoint-
nUlULj, ments and perfect cul-
; sine.
\ San American and Euro-
pean plans. >
Francisco.
DIRECTORY
CF RESPONSIBLE HOUSES.
Catalogues and Pried Llst3 Kails!
on Application.*
BILLIARDS, POOL AND BAR FIXTURES.
St. Germain Billiard Co.. late Jacob Strahl*
& Co. (est'd. 1S52V 409 Market St.: upon la-
stailment or rented; also beer apparatus.
COAL. COKE AI*:> PHJ IRO*.
J f WIT SfiV R f ft m B*""* Stmt.
J- W- TTlLOUll & LV't Telephone Mala ISM.
FRBSH AND SALT MEATS.
JA?» DUlDJgWJ. ciay. Tel. Main 1»4
OILS.
LUBRICATING OILS. LEONARD & EXiJS.
418 Front et.. 8. T. Fhon* Main 1713.
LUBRICATING OILS. ENSIGN & McGUB"-
~ FICK. 23 Spear at.. S. F. TeL Main S320.
Pioneer Dry Goods Store.
Sells Ladles' and Children's Hose 5c a pair;
Ladles' Linen Skirts, 33c; Men's Pin- Dress
Shirts. ) worth $1. for 40c. at 105 Fifth street.
PRINTING.
p f HTTfiHFC printer.
PRINTERS. BOOKBINDERS.
THE HICKS-JUDO CO.,
- ti First Street. San FranelseaL
: ,ifm^OEWEY,STRONG acCO.^CT^
l/LT. T.HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.
Tenth Floor. ' Room 1015. Claus Spreckels BIdx,
Telephone Brown 931.
, Residence, 821 California st., below Pow*1L'
San Francisca
ft I pr O C\\ I R 1 Corner Fourth and
bHit : ..nUlflLgr i o^s»i^a.
valises check** **a^.Company B, First Infantry, also held Its
monthly shoot yesterday, and the man
target was used for the first time. The
Swiss Riflo Club was present for its regu
lar medal shoot. The scores for the day
are as follows:
Companies A and F, Fifth Infantry. Na
tional Guard of California, held their an
nual State and regular monthly medal
shoots at Shell Mound Park yesterday. The
members of the commands were attired
in tho regulation uniform and marched
to the grounds in a body. The company
commanders and many of the regimental
staff officers were present to inspect the
work of the marksmen and give needed
directions. The shooting was at distances
of 200, 300 and 500 yards, at the bullseye
target.
Shoots.
Other Organizations Hold
m Their Regular Medal
Fifth Infantry Marksmen
Meet in Annual
Contests.
GUARDSMEN
OUT FOR HONORS
HAM IBURG. WHOSE CURVES THE
LOS ANGELES STICKERS "WERE
UNABLE TO UNTWIST. /
TO ARRIVE.
Steamer Movements.
TO SAIL.
Sun rises 5 : ;g
Sun sets 6:5S
Moon sets ¦ 9:28 a. m.
FROM SEATTLE.
The Healdsbure ball team defeated the
Hales Bros, at the Sixteenth and^Folsom
street grounds yesterday by a score of
15 to 7. '¦/-•:.:
Miller, the Chicagoan, was fifth, arriv
ing at 1:35 p. m. He was riding Tom Lin
ton's machine and made the best time for
the last kilometre, one minute and twen
ty-six seconds. He covered the whole dis
tance in 56:51. Lesna returned to ParH
during the morning in a motorcar. A pro
test has been lodgad against Garin. signed
by the deputy mayor and ten inhabitants
of St. Maurice-les-Charency. who allege
that they saw him being paced by a motor
car. Miller has also lodged a protest
£gain?t Frederick.
Rivier arrived second at 10:59:46 much
fresher than Garin. In accordance with
his custom, he had followed a time table
he had prepared beforehand and he arriv
ed fourteen seconds ahead of this
schedule. Frederick and Aucouturier ar
rived together at 11:40. The former, by a
spurt, pained the lead from the final lap
at the Velodrome, but he lost it through
mistaking the ringing of a bell for «iie
ending of» the race. Aucouturier kept on
and pot third place.
PARIS, Aug. 18.— The International hl
cycle race from Paris to Brest and re
turn, a distance of 750 miles, was won by
Garin. who reached the finishing point In
the Paris Velodrome at 9:04 a. m. to
day, having covered the entire course in
52 hour§ and 11 minutes. He covered the
last kiiometre in 2 minutes and 110 sec
onds, thus beating Terront's time in 1S91
by twenty hours. Lesna gave up near
Alencon.
for Being Paced by a Motor
Car.
Protests Are Lodged Against Him
GAB.IN" WINS THE LONG-
DISTANCE CYCLE RACE
Company A, Fifth Infantry. N. G. C. annual
State shoot and regular monthly medal shoots
tor July and August, the July scores being
given first in each case:
Company F. Fifth Infantry, N. G. C. annual
State shoot and regular monthly medal shoots
for July and August, the July scores being
given first in each case:
Company B, First Infantry, N. G. C, month
ly "medal shoot for July and August at man
target at 200 yards:
Swiss Rifle Club. monthly medal shoot,
prizes were won in the following order: D.
Mignola. 19; M. Martlgnonl. 19; L. Gilardi. 18;
P. Mignola, IS; I. Mignola, 17; P. Carnmozzi, 16.
In the puppy stake Aeolus came up to
expectations and won handily. Red Rock,
¦who had won twice on the short end, was
the runner up. AeoAus had one hundred
and fifteen seconds vi running and Red
Rock forty-nine, and Aeolus in conse
quence was forced to xne short end. In
¦winning he proved himself a good young
ster.
Following are the day's results with
Judge John Grace's official scores:
Open stake, tecond round— F. Jones' Harlean
Gladys beat Yosemite Kennels' Mose, 3-0; E.
Geary's Ireland beat T. J. Cronin's Tralee
Boy, 4-2; Sterl & Knuwles' For Glory beat
Georgre Nethercott's Floodpate. 6-0; E. Geary's
America, beat Georgre Nethercott's Hickory
Dick. 6-0; J. Moriartty's Snapper Garrison beal
A. Vanderberg's Naughty Girl. 6-0; Pasha Ken
nels" Rocker beat J. Rowlings Sir Lawrence.
6-2; J. R. McCarthy's John Doe beat E. M. Kel
loce's Frisco Lad, S-] ; Aeneid Kennels' Fine
Fire beat E. M. Kellofrg-"s Sweet Emma, 8-0;
O. Zahl's Homer Boy beat Pasha Kennels' Ru
ral Artist. 8-2; A. R. Curtis' Rector beat T. J.
Cronin's Vandal, 5-3; Chlarinl Bros.' White Hat
beat Ed Nearer" e Talk to Me. 5-3: A. R. Cur
tis' Candelaria beat Sterl & Knowles' Ripple.
S-6; A. VandermhiU>*s Lear King beat C. O.
Peterson's Silver- Cloud. 3-1; E. Geary'6 Bonnie
Pasha beat Star Kennels' Black Head, 4-2- A
R. Curtis' Luxor beat P. M. Clarkson's Golden
Garter. 3-3; Chiarini Bros.' Dewdrop beat Star
Kennels' Fontenoy. 3-1; G. Graham's Tyrone
Prince beat T. J. Cronin's Thornhlll, 3-2;" Chi
arini Pros.' Santonin beat F. A. McComb's
Little Sister. 6-2; T. Barre's Amadee a bye; J.
H. Perifro's Faraway beat P. M. Curtis'
Shadow. 8-2; F. A. McComb's Sir Pasha beat
Stcrl & Knowles' Olita. 5-3; Ed Neares' Straya
xvay beat P. M. Curtis' War Eajrle. «-4; George
Sharman's St. Ire* beat Pasha Kennels' Rustic
Arbor. 3-1: Ed Neares' Castaway beat F. Cox's
Crockett Hill. 5-2: Charles Pickard's Bright
Gold beat J. A. Klein's Coronado. 8-3; A. R.
Curtis' Flying Fox beat Pasha Kennels' For
Freedom, 10-6.
Third round— Ireland beat Harlean Gladys
*-(<: America beat For Glory. 6-1: Rocker beat
Snapper Garrison. 14-5; Fine Fire beat John
Doe, 4-3: Homer Boy beat Rector, 2-1: White
Hat b»at Candelaria. 6-3; Bonnie Pasha beat
Lear King. 4-0; Dewdrop beat Luxor. 3-0; Ty
rone Prinr<? beat Santonin. S-0: Faraway beat
Amadee, 8-2: Sir Pasha beat Strayaway, 8-2-
Castaway beat St. Ives, 7-6; Flving Fox beat
Brirht Gold, 5-3.
Fourth round— Ireland a bye: Fine Fire beat
America. 6-2: Homer Boy beat White Hat. 12-0;
Dewdrop beat Bonnie Paxha 5-2: Tyrone Prince
beat Faraway. 6-2; Sir Pasha beat Castaway
6-0: Flying Fox a bye.
Fifth round— Fine Fire beat Ireland. 3-2-
Dewdrop beat Homer Boy. 6-1: Tyrone Prince
br-mt Flying Fox. 3-0; Sir Pasha a bye
Sixth round— Dewdron beat Fine Fire 4-0; Sir
Pasha beat Tyrone Prince. 6-2.
Deciding course— Dewdrop beat Sir Pasha,
Puppy stake, second round— George Xether
*-ott'K Red Rock beat E. Geary's Fannlo
Hughie. 5-4; Pasha Kennels' Royal Archer beat
Fterl & Knowles' For Liberty, 5-0; Aeneid
Kennels' Aeolus beat A. Vanderburg's Flying
Ship. 5-0; Capiain Clarkson'a Sofala beat M
B. Kavanaujrh's May Be Kind, 5-1.
Third round— Red Pock beat Royal Archer,
3-1; Aeolus beat Sofala, 6-4.
Deciding course— Aeolus boat Red Rock, 3-1.
Chlarlnl Bros.' speedy greyhound. Dew
drop, won the first prize in the open stake
yesterday at Union Park, beating F. A.
McCombs* Sir Pasha for final honors.
Followers of the game were not surprised
at the result, for on no less than four oc
casions has Dewdrop figured In the finals
eince coming into possession of the new
coursing firm. Dewdrop's victory v/as
clean cut and decisive, and his chance to
compete In the final came only after the
defeat of hard opponents.
In the second round White Hat beat
Talk to Me, a 5 to 3 favorite, and
Santonin sot the flag from Lit
tle Sister after an undecided. The effects
of Santonin's good traning were shown
in this course to the sorrow of the know
ing ones. Because of the undecided It was
figured that Santonin could not come
back and he was forced to the short end
of a 2 to 1 price. It surprised the talent
to see him lead Little Sister and outwork
her. too, for wise money in bunches had
been placed on McCombs' clever courser.
Rector, a 4 to 1 choice, went out to
Homer Boy in the third round. While the
Curtis youngster haa the speed, any clever
dog- is likely to snatch a victory from
him, and his work on the hare can be im
proved upon.
Flying Fox, contrary to former show-
Ings, got weak as the stake progressed,
and in the fifth round went out to Tyrone
Prince. Fox led a short distance but the
Prince drew out for the turn and denied
him a point. Flying Fox was a 3 to 1 fa
vorite.
Fine Fire made his best showing and
oy clever work reached the semi flnal.
Aeolus Takes Final Honors
in Puppy Event From
Red Rock.
Wins Deciding Course
Handily From Fast
Sir Pasha.
DEWDROP FIRST
IN OPEN STAKE
SPORTS OF A SUNDAY ON DIAMOND, RANGE, WAVE AND COURT
ST. LOUIS, Aug. 18.— St. Louis pounded Tay
lor to-day for sixteen hits and wag never in
dangjr after the third inning. Murphy started
to pitch, but retired after the first half of
the first inning. The game was finished out
by Powell. Attendance, COOC. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
St. Louis 8 16 1
Chicago 6 ,7 1
Batteries— Murphy. Powell and Ryan; Tay
lor, and Kahoe. Umpire— O' Day.
CINCINNATI. Aug. 18.— Cincinnati won a
close game from Pittsburg to-day. Davis'
muff of Peitz's fly in the fifth proved costly.
Phillips was at his best with men on bases.
Attendance, 4500. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Cincinnati .' 5 11 - l
PittsburK- 4 10 -2
Batteries— Phillips and Peltz; Tannehlll and
Yeager: Umpire— Brown. - k
Other Baseball Games.
At the Sixteenth and ! Folsom street
grounds yesterday the Ahwashte Tribe,
champion of the Red Men's League, and
the Tippecanoe Tribe of Baden mixed ir/
a baseball contest, the former winning by
a score of 13-1.
At San Rafael the San Rafaels beat the
Bushnells. 9-6. ,: : .'i •'
At Hollister the home team beat Sa
linas 7-5. ¦ •
At Antioch the local Macabees beat the
\V. P. Fullers of San Francisco, 10-7.
At Petaliima the town team defeated
the Maxwells of Oakland. 12-6.
National League Games.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of . the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur at
tile city front (Mission-street wharf> about
twenty-five minut»s later than at Fort Point;
the helsrht of tide Is the same at both places.
MONDAY. AUGXJST 19.
NETV YORK— Arrived Aus IS— Stmr Cymric,
from Liverpool and Queenstown: ftmr La Gas
coirne. from Havre: etmr Furnessla. from
Glasgow and Moville; stmr Lombardla. from
Genoa and Naples; stmr Georgian, from Liv
errool.
Arrived Ausr IS — Stmr Massdam. from Rot
terdarr!.
PHILADELPHIA — Arrived Aus 18 — Stmr
N^t^'sik'. trem Liverpool.
QUFKNPTOWN— Sailed Aug 1»— Slmr Etru
ri»». fr^T" Liverpool, for New York.
MOVILLE— Arrived Aus 17— Stmr Parisian,
from Montreal, for Liverpool; stmr State of
Nchr'-s'fp. from New York, for Glasgow, and
proceeded.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Au- 1?— Stmr Cam
ppn'n. fiwn > T eTv T"rk, via Qufiftown.
GIBRALTAR— Fnlled Avz IS— Stmr . Trave,
from Genoa and Naples, for New York.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Br bark in Gulf of Tokio that had sailed from
Yokohama two days previous.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
CARPKNTERIA— Sailed Aug 1&-Stmr Kew
bl TACpMAmVrived Aus 18-Shio Dashing
% a a V ned £ A°u^ is^Schr 6 Vlnslow for^ Mollendo
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in Aug IS— Brig
Courtney Ford, from St Michael: schr \ ega,
fr £aUed' ( Aug IS— Sehr Robert Lewers. for Hono
"cEATTLK— Arrived Aug IS— Stmr City of
P KURKK e A n -Ar A ri'v S ed 4 - ' A ,, S l*-S Ch r Jessie
Miner, from Honolulu; bark Haydn Brown,
from Honolulu: schr Eureka, from Salinas
Sailed Aug I?— Br ship Dumfries
shire, for Ignited Kingdom: Br stmr Strath
rvle. for Manila.
'Arrived Ang 18— Stmr Alliance, from E-ireka.
COOP BAY-Arrlved Aug 18-Schr Eliza Mil
ler, hence July 27.
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last t.da
of the day. except when there are but thre*
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on .he United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus ( — ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference 13
the mean of the lower low waters.
NEWPORT, Or., Aug. IS.— The light
house tender Columbine arrived In port
to-day from Coos Bay and points south.
She lay off Heceta Head seventeen hour*
on account of a heavy sea.
Columbine Arrives at Newport.
Other matches played during: the day re
sulted as follows: Frank Stringham beat
Sidney Salisbury 8-6, 6-4. 6-4, 7-5. String
ham has been improving very rapidly of
late and is now right at the top of the
thiid clas3. Joe Daily beat "Worthlngton
6-2, 4-6, 6-2; J. Gibson beat My eel Cerf 6-0,
6-3, 7-5; G. N. Armsby beat Leonard
Wood 62, 6-4; Dr. Phillip gave Clyde Beal
odds of thirty and beat him 6-2, $-2, 5-0;
Charles Kuehn and Kenneth Hamilton
tied 6-4, 4-6.
In doubles the following matches were
played: Armsby and Salisbury beat
Wood and Stringham 4-6, 7-5. 4-6, 6-4, 6-3;
Chet Smith and Grant Smith beat C.
Kuehn and K. Hamilton 6-4. 4-6, 7-5.
Four crack players of the California
Tennis Club visited San Rafael yesterday
and played a fast doubles match on tha
hotel courts. The contestants were W.
B. Ccllier and Harold Crowell and Frank
Mitchell and Ogden Hoffman. After a
close struggle the former team finally won
out, the score being 6-8, 6-1, 6-0, 6-4. Col-
Ikr and Crowell have been practicing con
stantly and are expected to give a good
account of themselves in the coming
championship doubles.
The Suttons, Miss May and Miss VJolet.
of Southern California, will arrive early
this week and commence training for the
championship contests to be played In
September.
Few* of the crack tennl3 players put In
an appearance at the California courts
yesterday, but the lower class men were
out In force. Probably the best match at
the local courts was between Chet ami
Grant Smith. The former surprised the
on-lookers by breaking even with his
brother. The score was 6-2, 3-6.
Al Rosenberg has taken up the game
again and is fast regaining hia former
skill. In a match with Dr. A. E. Taylor
yesterday he won in straight sets, the
score being 6-3, 6-2, 6-3. * Jack Gibson, one
of the youngest of the new men, is show- )
ing great improvement and gives promi3^
of developing into a good man. He beat
A. "Worthington 7-5.
The annual regatta of the San Francisco
Tacht Club sailed yesterday over the new
channel course seletied by the regatta
con-mlttee brought out only eight boats,
none of the large cralt, much to the dis
appointment of lovers of yacht racing,
coming to the starting line. In class 1
the sloop Mischief, sailed by George T.
S. White, was the only starter. In class
2 four sloops and the yawl Royal crossed
tlic starting line,, the fastest actual and
corrected time being made by "Westerfelcl
ai.d Morrow's sloop AeolU3, which, beat
the sloop Siren 3 minutes 15 seconds cor
rected time. In class 3 the sloops Anita,
and Dewey were the only entries, but the
little twenty-footers found it so hard to
get to windward of the starting line
ayainst the Jlood tide that it was 12:56 p.
m. before the Anita crossed It, and then
she went over the stake boat, knocking
the flag down and swamping the boat.
As the last boat finished at 2:45 p. ra
the whole race was on the flood tide, high
water being at 2:27 p. m. at Fort Potnt.
The wind was light and the sea smooth
during the earlier paxt of the race, but
towards the end the breeze freshened
somewhat. The course was across a line
between Powell-street wharf and a stake
beat anchored about 400 yards to the
northwest, leaving stakeboat on the port
hand; thence to and round, a leeward
stakeboat, leaving It on the port hand,
thence to and round Presidio Shoal Buoy,
leaving it on the port band: thence to the
starting line, finishing between the stake
boat and Powell-street wharf. The of
ficjals In charge of the race were as fol
lows: Starter, referee, judge and time
keeper, Arthur Inkersley: assistant
starter and timer, B. B. Learning; man
behind the gun. T. J. Kavanaugh.
A preliminary gun was fired at noon,
the starting gun for class 1 at 12:05 p. m.,
the starting gun for class 2 was delayed
till 12:12 owing to the failure of a car
tridge to explode, and that for class 3
was -put at 12:17 in order to allow the
proper interval of five minutes.
After the race was over Dr. T. L. Hill
had considerably difficulty In picking up
his small boat, which had been used as
the Powell-street wharf stakeboat and
had tilled. After a time, however, he
succeeded in making her fast to the yacht
and towing her home.
The regatta committee in charge of the
event consisted of Dr. T. L, Hill. W. G.
Mtrrow and J. R. Savoy. The details axe
shown in the table:
Anita Swamps Stakeboat in
Trying to ' Cross Line
Tennis Men Preparing
for the September
Tournaments.
Record of a Sunday on Cali
fornia Club and Rafael
Courts.
Eight Yachts Start in
San Francisco Club
DUDES BEAT SENATOES.
SACRAMENTO, Aug. 18.— Umpire
Runs responsible for— Whalen I, Jones 1.
Three-base hit— Hildebrand. First base on er
rors—San Francisco 3. First base on called
balls— San Francisco 2, Los Angeles 3. Left
on banes— San Francisco 6, Los Aniseles 6.
Struck out— By "Whalen 3; by Jones 5. Hit by
pitcher— Sullivan. Spies. Krug:. Time of game
— 1 hour and 35 minutes. . Umpire — R. Levy.
Official acorer— H. S. McFarlin.
SUMMARY.
Bropkhoft, C. f. ...... 4 0 0 0 10 0
Hildebrand. 1. f 3 1 10 4 0 0
Schwartz, 2b 4 10 10 10
Wilson, c 3 1 2 2 4 0 0
Sullivan, lb." 3 0 0 0 10 0 0
Krug. ss 3 0 112 3 0
J. Reilly, 3b ....4 0 0 01 20
Whalen, p 4 0 0 0 0 2 0
Totals ...32 3 4 4 27 8 • 0
LOS ANGELES.
AB. "R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Reitz. 2b... .4 .0 2 2 2 5 0
Hutchinson, lb 2 0 0 0 10 11
Householder, c. f.... 4 1 0 1 1 0 0
Atherton, r. f.. 4 0 1 0 2 0.0
C. Reilly, 3b y 4 0 0 0 0,0 1
Bowman, 1. f.. 4 0 0 0 3 0 0
Kelly, ss... 4 0 1 12 0 1
Spies, c 3 0 0 0 5 2-0
Jones, p.... 2 0 0 0 2 4 J>
Totals .:...... ....31 1 4 4 27 12 3
-RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco.... ........0 1 0 1 0 1 0 0 p— 3
Base hits. :.'.... 0 10 3 0 0 0 0 0-4
LosAngeles.. -.1 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 0—1
Base hits..... 1 10 0 10 10 0—4
ÆOLUS MAKES
FASTEST TIME
PRACTICING FOR
CHAMPIONSHIPS
. .Sunday/August 18.
Stmr i Geo Loomls,' Brldsrett, • 36 hours . from
Redondo." v . - ' •.••"<
Stmr Pomona, ' Shea," 19 ' hours from Eureka.
- Stmr , Gipsy, Hinkie, 24 hours from Moes
Lapdir-s." .-. . ...¦- - ' , — ¦ ¦-.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, 64 hours from Vic-
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
The schooner Helene arrived from Hono
lulu yesterday. Her passengers were
Mrs. C. Platt, W. Douthitt and R. II.
Hodge.
The bark General Fairchild cams in
from Honolulu in ballast and the schooner
Muriel arrived from the Sound. The lat
ter vessel made a record round trip from
San Francisco to Petropaulofsky and back
to Seattle.
The barks ' Santiago and Olympic and
schooner S. T. Alexander all got away for
the islands yesterday. ;
Water Front Notes.
p«rf- rfHE American ship John A. Briggs
I from Tacoma yesterday
1 with, a cargo of 3147 tons of coal.
[I This is the 'vessel to which the
union would not give a crew for
less than $60 for the run. Captain Balch
refused to pay any such sum and then
the union men offered to ship for $50 for
the run and their fare back to the Sound.
This offer -vms also refused and then r an
other reduction of $10 was made, but de
clined. Just as the owners had decided to
tew the ship to San Francisco a number
of retired ship captains and owners
offered to assist in working the ship down
the' coast. Four young fellows anxious to
reach San Francisco were picked up on
the beach, and with a crew thus made up
Captain Balch put, to sea. Everything
favored the John A. Briggs at first and
when five days out she was 120 miles from
San Francisco. Captain and assistant
captains all expected to make a record
run, but the wind ; fell light and then
turned contrary, the fog came down and
after two days of gloom' the captain still
found his vessel sixty, miles from port.
Luckily a good breeze came along yester
day and the John A. Briggs made port
after a good run of eight days. - All hand3
say they had a splendid time and the trip
was like a yachting cruise. : ,
Only four of the crew, slept in the fore
castle. All the other hands bunked in the
cabin and : ate at the captain's . table.
Captain Bewail, who poses as an A.-B. on
the ship's articles, says he enjoyed every
hour of the run and, was glad to find that
he could go aloft as quickly as he did
twenty years ago. His ship is now on her
way to the Sound from Shanghai and he
will hurry back to Tacoma to Join her.
The Briggs gave the pilots a surprise off
the Heads when the pilot , flag was seen
flying, t. Captain Miller was quickly put
aboard ami he brought the ship to an
anchor in the bay. * It is rarely or ever
The British ship Celtic Monarch arrived
from "Valparaiso yesterday after a fair
run of sixty-one days. There were two
deaths during the voyage. On June 13
James Gray, an A. B.; died of consump
tion'and was buried at sea. He was 24
years of age and a native of Ireland.
On the 15th inst. Wilfred B. Lousley, an
apprentice, aged 18 years, died. As. the
vessel was then off the Farallones Captain
Lewis decided not to consign the remains
to the deep. Yesterday they were turned
over to an undertaker, wno will put them
in a leaden casket. The body will then he
taken back to England on the Celtic
Monarch. r - .
Two Deaths at Sea.
that a coaster takes a pilot, but Captain
Balch -was tired out through being almost
constantly on deck during the voyage.
* SAILED.
v£,y: Sunday. August 18.
Stmr' Santa Rcsa. Alexander. San Oiezo '
Stmr Walla Walla. Hall. Victoria and Port
JTowpsend. ;
Stmr Navarro. Olsen. Bowens Landlne
Stmr National City. Dettmers. Fort Brag*
Hark Olympic. Gibbs, Honolulu.
Bark Santiago. Engalls. Hilo.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, Aug 18, 10 p m- Weather
foggy; wind west, velocity 16 miles per hour
MEMORANDUM. •
Per Br ship Celtic Monarch, from Valpa
raiso, Auk lS-Died at BeaJune 15. Jame\i
Gray, a native of Ireland, aged 24. of consump
tion, and. wa3 buried at; sea. August 15 Wil
fred R.Louslcy, apprentice, a native of Eng
land, aged IS ; body on board ship. .
Catch^of vessels reimrted by bktn Fremont
up to , July 2l-Mary ¦. and Ida. ¦ 65.000 codfish •
City of Papeete. 69,000; schr, Arago, 62.000- actv
Stanley. 61.0C0;. Harriet G. not reported ' •
¦ ¦ Per US; stmr Sheridan, from- Manila Aue
18— Kxperlenccd pleasant weather throughout
passage. ; Left . ship A O Ropes -at Yokohama"
ready for sea, expecting to sail Aug 3. Sighted
toria and Puget Sound ports.
¦US stmr Sheridan, Pierce. 30 days from
Manila, via Nagasaki 22 daja. via Yokohama
lo days. •
Ship John A Briggs, Balch, 8 days from Ta
cf>n?a.
Ship C F Sargent. Melville. 8 days from Se-
Bark Gen Fairchlld, Ellis. 31 days from
Honolulu. .¦ '¦ ¦ ' ¦
Fremont. ¦Kelton. 17 days from Bering
Schr Lizzie Vance, Olsen. 4 days from Grays
Harbor.
Schij Muriel, Wlkander, 8 days from Port
Schr Esther Buhne, talveson. 7 days from
Grays Harbor.' • '
Schr Jennie Griffin. Campbell. 5 hours from
¦ Schr lielene., Christiansen, 26 days from
Honolulu.
Schr W F Jewett. MIkkelson. . 8 days from
Port Gatrfble.
- Schr Mary C. Caircbeil. 8 hours from Bo
uPca. * ¦ - ¦ t - . .
of the series Mr. Morley will go home with
a single victory. What will those rabid
fanatics of the southern town say? More
than that, what will they do? Morley
may be forced to hire an undertaker for
himself. . .
Hartwell was in the box for the Angels,
Iburg for the locals. In the sixth inning
Hartwell was benched and big, good-na
tured Atherton was put upon the slat. In
the eighth Iburg was retired, not because
he was being hit but because the game
was well in hand and he needed the rest.
Hart-well opened the series ! on Thursday
with more, than ordinary success and he
was saved for a graceful ending yesterday
afternoon. The ending came, but without
grace. The "Wasps put their stingers into
his curves and at the very outset riddled
him with shot. Nordyke opened with a
hit, Brockhoff following with a double,
which scored Nordyke. Before the inning
¦was over four men had scored on as many
hits and a couple of errors. It seemed
easy for the Hanksmen.
The crowd which packed the grounds
was ever noisy, full of voice and feet
movement. When the first inning was
over and the man at the bell. finished with
his labors it broke loose and throughout
the rest of the game furnished the excite
ment the game lacked. In the fifth Hart
well had the bunches sprung on him
again. When this session adjourned two
more runs were added to the local score.
Then Atherton was tried and found not
wanting, except in the eighth, when a
couple of good hits and an Angel error or
two gave the locals three runs. . Iburg,
Brockhoff and Schwartz were on the bags
when Park Wilson rolled out a three
bagger to right. Wilson's work is of the
star order, both with stick and behind
the cage. The score:
SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, ss & rf... 5 12 0 200
Brockhoff; cf 4 2 10 2-00
Hildebrand, If ...... 4 0 0 2 2 0 0
Schwartz. 2b 3 2 10 2 4.0
Wilson, c 3 1 10 3 0 0
Sullivan, lb ..5 110 5 2 1
Krutf. p & ss 5 110 5 2 1
J. Rellly, 3b 5 0 3 0 4 2 0
SHIP JOHN A. BRIGGS MAKES A GOOD
RUN FROM THE SOUND TO THIS PORT
Iburg p ...2 1 I" 0.1 0
Croll. rf 1 0 J J) J J> J>
Totals-.'. S7 9 12 2 27 11 2
LOS ANGELES.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Reltz, 2b :....;; 4 0 2 0 2 6 1
Hutchinson. lb 5 0 1 0 12 0 0
Householder. cf....4 0 1 1 2 1 0
Atherton, p & rf.... 3" 0 0 .0 2 2 0
C. Rellly, 3b 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Bowman, If 4 0 2 0 3 0 0
Kelly, ss 4 0 0 0 5 5 1
Sple3 c ...3 00 0 1 1 1
Hartwell, p 2 0 1 0 0 0 0
Jones, rf 2 0 1 0 0 0 J)
Totals ..31 0 ' 8 1 27 12 4
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francisco 4000200 3 0—0
Base hits ........:.. 4 1 0 0 3 0 0 2 2-12
Los Angeles 0 00000000—0
Base hits 1 1 1 1 1 0 1 1. 1— 8
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for— Atherton 3, Hartwell 4.
Three-base hit— Wilson. ' Two-base hits—
Brockhoff. Nordyke, Householder. Sacrifice
hits— Iburp. Nerdyke. First base ; on errors-
San Francisco. 3. Los Angeles -2. First base
on called balls— San Francisco 5. Los Angeles
3. Left en bases— San Francisco 10. Los Angeles
11, Struck but— By Iburg 1,1 by Krug 1. Hit
by pitcher— Hlldebrand. Schwartz, Spies.
Doubla plays — Krug to Schwartz to Sullivan:
Krug to Sullivan: Kelly to Hutchlnson: Wild
pitch— Hartwell. Time of game— One hour and
fifty-five minutes. Umpire— Levy. Official
scorer— McFarlin.
MORNING GAME.
Los Angeles 1, San Francisco 3.
The game at Oakland yesterday mornine
was a pitchers' battle between Jones and
Whalen.
In a full nine Innings neither team
could. add up more than four hits apiece,
and that with great difficulty.
In the first Hutchinson got his base on
four bad ones,, went out at second, leav
ing Householder safe at first. Second was
purloined and the. run made on Atherton's
hit. The score was tied the' very next
inning by Schwartz, who made first on
Kelly's error, second on Wilson's hit. third
on a steal and the return trip on Krug's
out. In the fourth the locals hit Jones for
a bunch of three hits. Hildehrand reach
inp third on one of them and scoring on
Schwartz's out.
A disagreeable feature of the fcame was
the needless and useless kicking- of the
two Relllys. Both wore tcnguesiout in
idiotic disputes with the umpire. The
score:
' SAN FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Nordyke, r. f 4 0 0 0 5 0 0
Graves was so raw in -his work to-day that
the infield of both teams became rattled
and made errors galore, three being cred
ited against Courtney alone. Graves quar
reled with the players and eventually be
gan fining them, but ii was too late to do
any good, and a mngnificent . exhibition
of the national pastime was spoiled. Mos
klman and Stricklett were in the box for
their respective teams and gave a mag
nificent exhibition of speed and control,
but owing to Graves' inability to judge
their work both men were charged with
bases on balls that they were not respon
sible for. The score:
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Prennan, c. f. 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Mosl;lman. p 4 0 0 0 1 0 6
Strelb, lb 4. 0 1 0 10 0 0
Easan. 3b 4 110 0 3 1
Dunleavy, 1. f 3 1 .1 1 1 0 0
Francks, ss 1 1 1 15 7 1
Arrellanes. 2b 4 0 0 0 2 3 1
HabMtt. r. f 3 0 0 0 2 3 I
llanton. c 3 0 1 03 2 0
Totals .29 3 5 2 27 15 S
SACRAMENTO.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Pevereaux, st 3 0 0 1 5 5 1
MeL.auphlln: I. f.... 4 0 1110 0
Courtney. 2b 4 0 1 0 3 4 3
Ashpnback. iv f 4 0 1*0 10 0
Stanley, c 4 0 0 0 2 0 0
Fhe^hnn. 3b. . 4 0 0 0 110
McGucken..c. f...... 4 0 10 0 0 0
Hanlon. lb .0 0 1 l 11 0 0
Stricklett. p 3 0 0 0 0 3 1
Totals .'..S3 -0 5 3 24 13 5
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
Oakland 0 0 0 10 2 0 0 *— 3
Base hits 0 10 2 0 110 •— :»
Sacramento '.. 0 ft 0 0 0 0 0 0 0 — 0
Base hits 1 O12 10 0 0 0—3
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible fcr— Stricklett 1. Two-bast*
hit— Streib. Sacrifice hit— Francks. First bas»
on error* — Oakland 4. Sacramento 3, First base
on called ball? — Mosklman 2. Strirklett 4. L<»ft
on bases— Oakland 7. Sacramento 7. Struck
out— By Mogkirean 2, by Stricklett 2. Double
plays— Courtney to Deveroaux to Hanlcn: Dev
*>r*aux to Courtney. Time of game— 1 hour
and 43 minutes. Umr>ire — Graves. Official
scorer — Rutherfcrd.
THE SAN|i;R ANC1SCO CALL, , MONDAY, AUGUST {19, 1901.
ANGELS FROM THE SOUTH GO HOME
WITHOUT SUCCESS OR HONOR
WANTED— By Mr. Morley of
Los Angeles, an undertaker to
handle nine defunct Angel
baseball players. .
The young men from 1 Los
Angeles, who sometimes do diamond
stunts In nice gray suits, have been sorely
punished. Last Thursday they walloped
the San Francisco team ! on the local
grounds. Then they became boisterous,
boastful and unduly proud. A wise provi
dence Interceded the next day. The Angels
were hit. Then there came a Saturday
and the Angels fell again. The final
catastrophe showed In deep blue colors
yesterday afternoon, when once again the
Wasps put on a thick coat of whitewash.
The score read 9-0. Out of the five games
Clubs — Won. I#ost. Per Ct.
San Francisco .... 52 41 .559
Los Angeles .... 44 41 ;519
Sacramento ..... 43 44 .494
Oakland 39 52 .429
STANDING OF THE CLUBS.
6
NAME.
I 200 SOO
I Yards. Yards.
500
Yards.
Captain Hunt 19—19 IS— 23
Lieutenant Ellis 12—19 10—13
Lieutenant Petereen .... 20—15 19—15
Sergeant Poulter 25—24 19—21
Sergeant Crane ,. 15 — 17 14 12
S. C. B. Kin* 18-18 16-14
Sergeant Williard 6—12 0— 16
Sergeant Tork 14—10 8—12
Sergeant Herman 13—10 7— 0
D. A. Valentine 21 — 18 14 14
A. "W. Gray 13— 22 13—10
L. C. Francis 24 — 20 19 9
A. H. Herman 16—15 14— 6
J. Axtell 9_ 6 3—15
J. P. Cook 10—13 4 3
C. H. Ellis 17-17 12-9
W. Gray 4—0 0—0
J. S. Jones 22— 18 9—19
H. Juniper 21—18 11—11
S Q,.^ iT>B 22 ~ 14 "- 13
H. Klinkner 15-^19 4—3
C. H. Lanchester 20—20 15—12
W. A. Lawson 14—13 18—12
G. McLeod 22—20 16—18
C. J. Orton 7—ie 11—11
W. Slack 3—9 4_ g
C. Smith 23-21 24-25
F. W. Soderstrand 21—14 7—7
A. R. Thelan 23—24 15—22
H. Woodward ..." 12 — 17 15 — 15
W. D. Sangster....: 18—22 ¦ 4— 9
A. H. Jones 6 — 5
E. J. Eden 8—
16-24
18—19
14—19
21— 8
14—14
14—9
11—9
9—19
0-0
9—16
13— 9
14—9
17—10
4— 9
0— 7
12—10
4-0
9—12
19—16
0— 4
11—11
5—4
11—13
15—23
7—11
0—3
21—13
17—22
19—22
6— 6
NAME.
I 200
Yards.
300 I 500
Yards. Yards.
Captain Bennett 19—25 19—21 15—14
Lieutenant Covalt 22—19 21—23 22—22
Lieutenant • N'ickerson 18—23 15—20 19—15
Sergeant Hanson 21 — 20 18 — 7 11 21
Sergeant Williams 23—23 14—14 15—15
Sergeant Blakeley , 12—21 16 — 20 10— 0
Sergeant Grimes 18—18 3—10 11—7
Sergeant Johansen 19—17 8—18 18—14
Corporal Davis 22—24 18— 7 15—20
Corporal Kohrbacher 16 — 21 11 — 18 19 15
Corporal Morrlll 16—18 13—18 18—15
Corporal Garibaldi 23—21 15—19 15—14
A. E. Harbridge 19—19 13—20 16—16
A. H. Abbott 19—21 15—16 18—19
E. Brandt 17—19 11—19 15—16
J. .Drummond 20—20 6—12 17—16
O. C. Gehring 13—15
It. Hanson 22—24 23—20 18—20
A. F. Hanson.. 22—22 18—18 22—18
L. T. Hanson 12—15 0 — 0 0 12
R. Harbin 15—21 2—14
C. F. Harther 15—18 13— 11 2—1
A. Johansen 17—18 13— 5 7—10
C. A. Legris 12—20 6—12 10—11
W. H. Mathewson 18 — 18 0 — 0 4 0
L.. Moreno 16—13 6— 16 9—17
A. E. Schmidt 20—17 13—9 16—9
H. D. Scoville 17—19 13—8
R. Charters 14—8 0— 4 6—6
C. T. Ellagard 2—7 9—0
NAME.
July.
I August.
Serpeant J. Wear
Serpeant C. Lindecker
A. MeCulloch
Sergeant O'Keeffe
Corporal P. Williams
Corpora! Fisher
Corporal Spooner
J. Fitzpatrick
G. Wyrich
G. Steffan
R. Young ¦
E. Wood
J. McNess
F. Lowe
B. Farming
D. Casey
T. Helian
C. Browning
W. Baker
K. Sturgis
C. Wagrer
G. Hoffman *
F. Bordenare
E. Cordell
E. Bertrand
42
41
43
33
24
21
17
2
9
29
3G
25
19
12
4
23
10
35
28
13
11
37
13
39
11
41
40
35
37
43
20
8
0
IS
28
35
14
19
11
5
7
2
28
18
19
12
35
15
35
22
ANNUAL, REGATTA OF SAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB-AUGUST 18. 1901.
Start at Noon. High Water. 2:27 p. m. Course Estimated at Nino Mlle3.
1 " Racli" Tine Starting Finishing Elapsed Corrected
Class. YACHT. ¦ W» H.M.I. H.%8. uTs. 3!S%.
~T~~ Mischief 33*5 00.00 12:fn:00 1:59:25 1:52:25 1:52:35
'±Z ZT7Z MU31 00:00 12:'l4:15 I 2:08:33 1:32:20 1:52:20
rvenuB 28 : 83 4:14 12:13:03 2:30:20 2:17:17 2:13:03
C>S n « 8 • |2:^ 6:2 5 12:13:13 2:01:45 1:43:30 1:4.1:05
e ° 1 " s 28-jo 4:53 12:13:20 2:04:30 1:51:10 1:46:20
Royal ¦.'"".'"' 27:50 5:38 12:13:55 2:40:45 . 2:26:50 2:21;12
~~, 7^1 17^73 8^38 12:19:00 •
3 Dewey":::'.::::: 19:55 00:00 «:»:<»
•Did not finish.
ITimel ITlmel Time! -JTlme
Date' 1 Ft. I i Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft.
[H W |L WJ iH W L W
19 "..'l 2:4^1 4.3| R:13| 1.8 3:0! "i.2 9-»o i 4
?O ... 3:r,f> 4.01 8:54 2.2 3:37 5.1 10:19 i"s
21... 5:(X1 3.S| 9:SS ?.R 4:1S| 5.1 11:20 jlj
23 ... 6:14 3.6] 10:11 2.9 5:02! 5.1 .
L W| flKW L W H \V
23... 0:19 0.91 7:2R| 3.8 ll:4n| 3.1 557 5 1
24 ... 1:12 0.«l 8:241 .4.1 12:4fi| 3.2 651 5»
25 ... 2:001 0.3| 9:11| 4.3 1:45| 3.0 7:47 53
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
,_(
San Juan Panama & Way Ports Aug. 13
Matteawan Tacoma. Aug. 13
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 30
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 20
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama Aug. 21
Neko Tacoma Aug. 2t
Santa Rosa ?an Dtegro & Way Pt3. Aug. Ti
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 23
Washtenaw Tacoma Aug. 23
Titanla Xanaimo Aug. 23
Mandalay Coqullle River Aug. 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 21
Guatemala f Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 2^
Walla Walla.. Puset Sound Ports... Aug. 25 i
San Jose Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 23^
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug. ??7
Kur«-ka Humboldt Aug. -? '
Hongkong Mar China and Japan Aug. 27
Curacao 'Mexican Ports Aug. ZZ
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.l Pier
Ancn*t 10. | j
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier i
Acapulco Panama & \\'ay Pts 12 m PM3S
Ansrnat 2O.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Bonlta San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Argyll X. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier —
AUKUnt 21.
Cxarlna Seattle & Tacoma- Pier 8
Pan Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 3
City Peking.. China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Ancnat 2!!.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Sonoma Sydney •& "Way Pts 10 am Pier I
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Anprnst 24. |
City Puebla.. Pujret Sound Portslll am Pier 9
Ancttmt 25. t
Santa Rosa.. San Dlegro & Way! 9 am Pier 11
Pomona.. Humboldt |l:30 p Pier »
Steamer. I , Destination. I Sails.
Steamer.
I
i * _______
Farallon.. Skacuay & Way Ports. Aug. 21
Queen Ska^ucy & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Spokane Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 23
Oregon Nome and Teller Aug. 2*
Humboldt Skagruay & Way Ports. Aug. 24
Cottage City... Skaguay A Way Ports. Aug. 23
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 25
Portland Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 2S
NAME.
I 200 SOO
I Yards. Yards.
500
Yards.
Captain Hunt 19—19 IS— 23
Lieutenant Ellis 12—19 10—13
Lieutenant Petereen .... 20—15 19—15
Sergeant Poulter 25—24 19—21
Sergeant Crane ,. 15 — 17 14 12
S. C. B. Kin* 18-18 16-14
Sergeant Williard 6—12 0— 16
Sergeant Tork 14—10 8—12
Sergeant Herman 13—10 7— 0
D. A. Valentine 21 — 18 14 14
A. "W. Gray 13— 22 13—10
L. C. Francis 24 — 20 19 9
A. H. Herman 16—15 14— 6
J. Axtell 9_ 6 3—15
J. P. Cook 10—13 4 3
C. H. Ellis 17-17 12-9
W. Gray 4—0 0—0
J. S. Jones 22— 18 9—19
H. Juniper 21—18 11—11
S Q,.^ iT>B 22 ~ 14 "- 13
H. Klinkner 15-^19 4—3
C. H. Lanchester 20—20 15—12
W. A. Lawson 14—13 18—12
G. McLeod 22—20 16—18
C. J. Orton 7—ie 11—11
W. Slack 3—9 4_ g
C. Smith 23-21 24-25
F. W. Soderstrand 21—14 7—7
A. R. Thelan 23—24 15—22
H. Woodward ..." 12 — 17 15 — 15
W. D. Sangster....: 18—22 ¦ 4— 9
A. H. Jones 6 — 5
E. J. Eden 8—
16-24
18—19
14—19
21— 8
14—14
14—9
11—9
9—19
0-0
9—16
13— 9
14—9
17—10
4— 9
0— 7
12—10
4-0
9—12
19—16
0— 4
11—11
5—4
11—13
15—23
7—11
0—3
21—13
17—22
19—22
6— 6
NAME.
I 200
Yards.
300 I 500
Yards. Yards.
Captain Bennett 19—25 19—21 15—14
Lieutenant Covalt 22—19 21—23 22—22
Lieutenant • N'ickerson 18—23 15—20 19—15
Sergeant Hanson 21 — 20 18 — 7 11 21
Sergeant Williams 23—23 14—14 15—15
Sergeant Blakeley , 12—21 16 — 20 10— 0
Sergeant Grimes 18—18 3—10 11—7
Sergeant Johansen 19—17 8—18 18—14
Corporal Davis 22—24 18— 7 15—20
Corporal Kohrbacher 16 — 21 11 — 18 19 15
Corporal Morrlll 16—18 13—18 18—15
Corporal Garibaldi 23—21 15—19 15—14
A. E. Harbridge 19—19 13—20 16—16
A. H. Abbott 19—21 15—16 18—19
E. Brandt 17—19 11—19 15—16
J. .Drummond 20—20 6—12 17—16
O. C. Gehring 13—15
It. Hanson 22—24 23—20 18—20
A. F. Hanson.. 22—22 18—18 22—18
L. T. Hanson 12—15 0 — 0 0 12
R. Harbin 15—21 2—14
C. F. Harther 15—18 13— 11 2—1
A. Johansen 17—18 13— 5 7—10
C. A. Legris 12—20 6—12 10—11
W. H. Mathewson 18 — 18 0 — 0 4 0
L.. Moreno 16—13 6— 16 9—17
A. E. Schmidt 20—17 13—9 16—9
H. D. Scoville 17—19 13—8
R. Charters 14—8 0— 4 6—6
C. T. Ellagard 2—7 9—0
NAME.
July.
I August.
Serpeant J. Wear
Serpeant C. Lindecker
A. MeCulloch
Sergeant O'Keeffe
Corporal P. Williams
Corpora! Fisher
Corporal Spooner
J. Fitzpatrick
G. Wyrich
G. Steffan
R. Young ¦
E. Wood
J. McNess
F. Lowe
B. Farming
D. Casey
T. Helian
C. Browning
W. Baker
K. Sturgis
C. Wagrer
G. Hoffman *
F. Bordenare
E. Cordell
E. Bertrand
42
41
43
33
24
21
17
2
9
29
3G
25
19
12
4
23
10
35
28
13
11
37
13
39
11
41
40
35
37
43
20
8
0
IS
28
35
14
19
11
5
7
2
28
18
19
12
35
15
35
22
Steamer. I , Destination. I Sails.
Steamer.
I
i * _______
Farallon.. Skacuay & Way Ports. Aug. 21
Queen Ska^ucy & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Spokane Skaguay & Way Ports. Aug. 23
Victorian Skaguay & Way Ports Aug. 23
Oregon Nome and Teller Aug. 2*
Humboldt Skagruay & Way Ports. Aug. 24
Cottage City... Skaguay A Way Ports. Aug. 23
Excelsior Cooks Inlet & Way Pts Aug. 25
Portland Nome and St. Michael. Aug. 2S
ITimel ITlmel Time! -JTlme
Date' 1 Ft. I i Ft. 1 Ft. I Ft.
[H W |L WJ iH W L W
19 "..'l 2:4^1 4.3| R:13| 1.8 3:0! "i.2 9-»o i 4
?O ... 3:r,f> 4.01 8:54 2.2 3:37 5.1 10:19 i"s
21... 5:(X1 3.S| 9:SS ?.R 4:1S| 5.1 11:20 jlj
23 ... 6:14 3.6] 10:11 2.9 5:02! 5.1 .
L W| flKW L W H \V
23... 0:19 0.91 7:2R| 3.8 ll:4n| 3.1 557 5 1
24 ... 1:12 0.«l 8:241 .4.1 12:4fi| 3.2 651 5»
25 ... 2:001 0.3| 9:11| 4.3 1:45| 3.0 7:47 53
Steamer.
Destination.
ISalls.l Pier
Ancn*t 10. | j
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Point Arena.. Point Arena 2 pm Pier i
Acapulco Panama & \\'ay Pts 12 m PM3S
Ansrnat 2O.
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p Pier 9
Bonlta San Pedro & Way.. 9 am Pier 11
Argyll X. Y. via Panama. 2 pm Pier —
AUKUnt 21.
Cxarlna Seattle & Tacoma- Pier 8
Pan Pedro Humboldt 10 am Pier 3
City Peking.. China & Japan.... 1 pm PMSS
Ancnat 2!!.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
Sonoma Sydney •& "Way Pts 10 am Pier I
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Anprnst 24. |
City Puebla.. Pujret Sound Portslll am Pier 9
Ancttmt 25. t
Santa Rosa.. San Dlegro & Way! 9 am Pier 11
Pomona.. Humboldt |l:30 p Pier »
Steamer. I From. I Due.
From.
I Due.
,_(
San Juan Panama & Way Ports Aug. 13
Matteawan Tacoma. Aug. 13
Gaelic China and Japan Aug. 30
Eureka Humboldt Aug. 20
Leelanaw N. Y. via Panama Aug. 21
Neko Tacoma Aug. 2t
Santa Rosa ?an Dtegro & Way Pt3. Aug. Ti
Pomona Humboldt Aug. 23
Washtenaw Tacoma Aug. 23
Titanla Xanaimo Aug. 23
Mandalay Coqullle River Aug. 23
City of Puebla. Puget Sound Ports Aug. 21
Guatemala f Valparaiso & Way Pts Aug. 2^
Walla Walla.. Puset Sound Ports... Aug. 25 i
San Jose Panama & Way Ports. Aug. 23^
St. Paul Nome & St. Michael... Aug. ??7
Kur«-ka Humboldt Aug. -? '
Hongkong Mar China and Japan Aug. 27
Curacao 'Mexican Ports Aug. ZZ
ANNUAL, REGATTA OF SAN FRANCISCO YACHT CLUB-AUGUST 18. 1901.
Start at Noon. High Water. 2:27 p. m. Course Estimated at Nino Mlle3.
1 " Racli" Tine Starting Finishing Elapsed Corrected
Class. YACHT. ¦ W» H.M.I. H.%8. uTs. 3!S%.
~T~~ Mischief 33*5 00.00 12:fn:00 1:59:25 1:52:25 1:52:35
'±Z ZT7Z MU31 00:00 12:'l4:15 I 2:08:33 1:32:20 1:52:20
rvenuB 28 : 83 4:14 12:13:03 2:30:20 2:17:17 2:13:03
C>S n « 8 • |2:^ 6:2 5 12:13:13 2:01:45 1:43:30 1:4.1:05
e ° 1 " s 28-jo 4:53 12:13:20 2:04:30 1:51:10 1:46:20
Royal ¦.'"".'"' 27:50 5:38 12:13:55 2:40:45 . 2:26:50 2:21;12
~~, 7^1 17^73 8^38 12:19:00 •
3 Dewey":::'.::::: 19:55 00:00 «:»:<»
•Did not finish.
ffij£ In the Schlitz brewery you will find a plate glass room. In it B^
u^J "ecoohng pipes, over which the hot beer drips. Above it is an Wfi
ms air niter, and no air comes into this room save through that filter. f»[«*
®*3 iNo germs can reach beer handled with such rare caution. |g;
$« ir ' atte .";. the beer « aged, we filter it, then bottle and seal it, §£&
Ki|j then sterilize every bottle. «£%'
lM We take triple precautions because beer is a saccharine SJ*.
{?4 Za C £' Im P u " nes multiply if they get into it. There is no HM,
»B grade between absolute purity and utter impurity. Pi
S^ v,« i£* e i ry of ScnKtz is absolutely pure, and purity is Eg*
g| healthfulness. Your physician knows — ask him. p§
ftgj 'Phone Main 417, Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-U Market St., San Francisco. ||?
Filtered Air
IfcfjCi • t\'i bHv B3P 0Sk Wl iSCIt ¦£• W H fffl j£VSf Kvt* If V B *** tfS*
n5j?J yt/ jPsiw*» Mm C7 END fCr <S3f to B BO SJj ttsk EBB d? *5£>
P/^^^'^^m^y re p ea t # They don't jam, catch, or fail to extract. In a
gy / "^*^. word, they are the only reliable repeaters. Winchester
MrJi''" ' ' **^\^fc~^M|j*| rifles are made in all desirable calibers, weights, and
kP^V"'*'' /in3gxJ§L§ styles; and are plain, partially or elaborately orna- !
KSel //SSmf^bm% rented, suiting every purpose, every pocketbook, and
ffe^^MP^ V&inchesfei* Mmsnunstion
It-f Sfl^PfM^*^ i^j*^ * 3 ma<^ e for a^ kinds of shooting in ail kinds of guns.
H SE7 jSpV'if a r» v?*vi FREE — Send name and address on postal for our 1 64-page catalogue.
jaB^gjI^il WINCHESTER REPEATING ARMS CO., 4 S L 8^S^.|- jTHE ENTIRE FIRE-FIGHTING
APPARATUS OF THE UNIVER
SITY TOWN. FROM PHOTOS
TAKEN AT A PARADE.
Russia's Attitude Bothers Japan
LONDON. Aug. 19. — Japanese public
opinion,* sayfi a dispatch to the Times
from Toklo, is being exercised over the
Manchurian questions. The newspapers
contend that Russia contemplates" a per
manent occupation, in - which - Japan can-'
not possibly acquiesce.
Governor Grants the Pardon.
SACRAMENTO. Aug. 18.— Late Satur
day evening Governor Gage exercised the
pardoning power in favor of Frank Dun
phy and Thomas Jarvle. who, on June 15,
were sentenced to serve six month each
In the Solano County 'Jail and pay a fine
of $20 for ¦ resisting a'rrest. The applica
tion, was signed by 300 people of Solano
County. After a careful examination of
the testimony taken at the trial, the Gov
ernor concluded that no crime had been
I committed.
PITTSBURG,- Aug. 19.— A report from
McKeesport at 1:30 this morning says at
least forty officers are patrolling- the
grounds that surround the big Duquesne
works. It has been leported generally
throughout the valley that 150 men have
gone on strike in the converting mill.
Nothing definite can be learned, but ¦ the
officers seem to be much worried and
there is a great deal of excitment in and
aiornd the works. It Is claimed that five
ledges- of . the ' Amalgamated Association
have been organized - In the different de
partments of the works.
Officers Guard the Works.
League of Henry IV Picnic.
The League of Henry IV held its an
nual picnic at Shell Mound Park yester
day. About 1000 guests were present uur
lng the day. which was passed In sports
and dancing. The success of the affair
was due mainly to the efforts of R. M.
Aguirre. P. A. Bergerot, J. A. Godert. C.
H. Artiguea J. Savinac. M. Mandichou
and A. J. Codeu. who composed the com
mittee of arrangements.
The annual meeting" of the California
Association of Civil Engineers was held
on Friday in the Crocker building and the
following officers elected for the ensuing
term: E. J. Molera, president; Professor
CD.. Marx (Stanford University), vice
president: G. F. Allardt.M. M. O'Shaugh
nessy, M. Deering, J. M. Gleaves (United
States Surveyor General for California),
directors; F. T. Newbery, secretary and
treasurer.
Civil Engineers Elect Officers.
NEW YORK, Aug. 18.-Despite the dis
agreeable weather there was a crowd of
boats about the Shamrock II off Stapleton
during the entire day. All the excursion
steamers and the regular route boats ran
close to the challenger on every trip, to
give the passengers a chance to see Sir
Thomas Lipton's yacht. The bands invar
iably played either the "Wearing of the
Green" or "God Save the King," and the
challenger < was cheered repeatedly. The
crow, including Captain Sycamore,- re
mained on board the tender Porto -Rico
all day, only an anchor watch of three
men being on board the Shamrock, : The
cheers for ' the Shamrock were returned
from the tender. . . ;
The James A. Lawrence; with Mr.
Barrie and ; others on board, went down'
to Sandy Hook during the day and picked
out the point at which the mooring bur.y
will be placed for the Shamrock and her
consorts. : Captain Mf<tth»ws of the Erin
said it was unlikely the Shamrock would
be given a practice spin until alter : the
arrival of the "The Governor." It ap
pears to be the desire of all • that Sir
Thomas should Inspect his boat before
she is sent out. • -
Cheer the Shamrock.
Rev. M. J. Coldren, a Free Baptist mis
sionary, who has just r-turned ' from
India, will yoeak to-night at the Baptist
church on Bush street, near Larkin, on
the mission work in the provinces of
Midnapore and Balasore, India. Mr.
Coldren is on his way. East to attend the
peneral conference of the church of his
faith to be held September 2 at Harper's
Ferry, Va.
India' Missionary to Speak.
Some time yesterday afternoon the
foundry at 228 and 230 Fremont street was
broken into and about 300 pounds of brass
valued at $75 was stolen. Last night
Police Officers William Desmond and Wil
liam Flynn and Special Officer Robert
Sample arrested a young man named
Joseph Jackson on Natoma street and
charged him with burglary. None of the
stolen property has yet been recovered.
Charged With Burglary.
HARRISBURG, Pa., Aug. 18.— The indi
cations are that Wednesday's Republican
State convention will be a very peaceful
gathering; that Judge William Potter of
Pittsburg will be nominated to succeed
himself on the Supreme Court bench, ard
that Representative Frank G. Harris of
Clearfield. will be the nominee for-Stato
Treasurer. They are the only avowed
candidates and the prospects are their
nomination will be made by acclamation
United States Senators Quay and Pen
rose, both of whom are away on a vaca
tion, will not attend the convention.
State Chairman Reeder and his assist
ants will come to Harrisburg to-morrow
to open headquarters and arrange the pre
liminaries of the convention.
Indications Are That There Will Not
Be Any Contests for the Nomi
nations to Be Made.
PENNSYLVANIA REPUBLICANS
WILL MEET ON WEDNESDAY
General Andre did not say whether the
pretender in Question was Bourbon or
Bonapartist.' -
PARIS, Aug. 18. — In the course of a
speech In a prize distribution in Auxonne
to-day, General Andre, the Minister of
War, made a sensation by declaring that
the commanders of the various army
corps had received letters from one of the
pretenders designed to seduce them from
their duty, but the fact that the letters
had been sent to him proved the army to
be loyal to the republic. .
Says That Attempts Have Been Made
to Tamper With the Army
Commanders.
FRENCH MINISTER OF WAR
CREATES A SENSATION
Lulu Cohen, who resides at 954. Market
street, and Granvllle E. Stewart, a visitor
to the woman's rooms, were arrested last
night by Officers Royston and McEntee
and lodged in the City Prison. They were
accused of being engaged in a row in the
woman's rooms, during the course of
which two shots were fired. There were
several other people in the room at the
time of the trouble, but they ¦were allowed
to go as they had no connection ¦with the
shooting, which was due to jealousy. No
one was injured.
Jealous Woman Uses Revolver.
Into Vat of "Water.
YOUNGSTOWN, Ohio, Aug. 18.— An ex
plosion of ten tons of molten metal in the
blast furnace department at the Ohio
plant of the National Steel Company to
day resulted in the death of three work
ingmerf and In the. injury of eleven oth
ers. The dead:
RICHARD RICHARDS.
JOSEPH BUGOS. .
JOHN CRINKSHAW.
The injured: Steve Stahmft , Michael
Yachyko, Mike O'Brien, Andrew Kahut.
Joseph Dymenko, John Steff an. .Andrew
Burgess, Andrew Magyar, George- J. M.
Kumbes, George' Puvlik and George J.
Wanizak. -
Stahma and Yachyko are in a dying con
dition and at least two others of the in
jured are not expected to survive.
The machinery which conducted the la
dle containing the molten metal broke and
allowed the metal to drop into a vat con
taining water.
Machinery Which Conducted the
Ladle Breaks and Drops Contents
MOLTEN METAL EXPLODES,
KILLING THREE WORKMEN
The Oakland dog: show, to be given in
conjunction with the poultry show, will be
held In the early part of December.
In addition to the names of the officers
already published the following judges
have been appointed: C. A. Sunxner of
Los- An&eles for fox-terriers, J. B. Stod
dard of Pala, Cal, for setters, pointers and
spaniels; L. A. Klein of New Jersey for
all other breeds. Tickets of admission,
good for all parts of the fair, will be is
sued to exhibitors, and the fee for entry
in each class is $2. Entry blanks and pre
mium lists can be obtained on application
to the superintendent, D. J. Sinclair, at
the office of the secretary. The show will
be held under the rules of the American
Kennel Club and the minimum rating of
the winners' classes for championship rec
ord will be one point. •
The Sixth District Agricultural Associa
tion has Issued a very attractive premium
list of their bench show, to be held oh
October 2, 3, 4 and 5 in Los Angeles In
connection with the fair. The prizes of
fered are 55 for first and $2 dollars for
second in the limit and open classes and
$2 for first and medal for second in the
puppy and novice classes. Entries close
positively on September 23 at the office
Of the secretary. Freeman G. Teed, 226
South Spring street, Los Angeles.
Fall Bench Shows.
At the San Francisco handball courts
yesterday the following games were
played:
J. Feeney and M. Dillon 21 i\ 18 12 21
G. Hutchinson and W. Kelly... 16 13 21 21 15
M. Kirby and J. McBrearty 21 21 21
E. Barry and J. Kirby 15 16 19 !
M. McNeil and P. McKinnon 21-14 21
G. McDonald and L. Carraine 19 21 20
"W. H. Eean and J. Ward 21 18 21 21
E. J. Sweeney and W. Ward 14 21 20 17
J. Glynn and T. Serres 21 IS 21 18 21
VS. Johnson and R. Regli 13 21 16 21 16
G. T>. Kecly 21 16 21
¦V\\ D. Murray 17 21 19
M. McLaurhlin and M. McDonald.. 21 16 21 21
D. Connelly and M. Levy 13 21 18 29
M. M. Outhrie and E. White 21 IS 21
C. Lakln and W. Stansbury 16 21 13
J. C. Nealon and E. Curley.... 21 21 IS 19 21
J. Riordon and T. Leach IS 14 21 21 17
At the Olympic Club:
R. C. Bowman and F. McCarty... 21 21 IS 21
Henry Russ and Tom Powers 16 17 21 19
J. TV". McElroy and Tom Walsh 18 21 21 21
\V. J. Kennedy and Fred Butz 21 16 17 13
.T. Gleason 2 21 13 3 21
L. Levy 21 19 21 21 19
George James SI aces
Tom Curley SO aces
H. GalMt • 21 aces
Fred Wegncr 20 aces
The scores at the Occidental Club were as
follows:
TV. Galr.ey and T. Holland 21 19 ;i
G. Kelly end V. Holland is 21 16
Ci. B. Haywari! and G. Cunningham.. 21 18 21 j
H. Cory and W. Collins if 21 u]
W. C. Reily and R. Donovan 21 14 21
J. Er.nls and W. Glidde* "18 21 19
F. P. HayneE and J. Mahoney 21 13 21
T. Clements and T. J. Lydon 13 21 17
Dr. M. TVachhcret and J - F'ynn 21 18 21
W. Kancell and W. YVlnthrop 16 21 16
A. Collins and TV. Jacobs 21 21
L. Kenny and H. McNevin 33 20
C. J. Barry and J. Howard 21 IS ,21
J. F. Kcnnealy and J. _WoUh 9 21 16
Handball Games.
50-yard race — C. Augustus first. T. Sunburg
second. . Diving: for plate — J. Erasmy first. C.
Augustus second. 100-yard race— J. O'Brien
first, C. Thomas second. Tub race— H. Heine*
first, C. Schultz second. W. Carroll third.
Springboard diving-— W. Carroll first, J.' Mc-
Carthy second. High diving — J. Martinze first,
N. Carroll second.
It was a quiet day at the park and beach
yesterday.- The cold and altogether «lis
agreeable weather made pleasure seeking
a labor and as the people wanted to r»gt,
most of them stayed at home. No acci
dents were reported.
Some Japanese waltzing mice are the
center of attraction at the Chutes this
week, their scarcity in this country mak
ing them objects of special interest. Rey
nard, the ventriloquist, and Irving Jones,
the comedian, are the features in the
theater. (
Following are the results of the contests
at Sutro Baths:
Good Bill on at the Chutes — Aquatic
Contests at Sutro
Baths.
PUEBLO. Colo., Aug. 18.— The first of
six new and enormous blast furnaces at
the Pueblo Steel Works, which take the
place of the three old ones, has just been
completed and is being "blown in." The
work of construction has been going 'on
day and night for a year and a half. The
furnace cost $750,000. It consists in the
main of a vast cylinder of boiler iron 100
feet high and lined six feet thick all
around with firebrick. The skipway, or
steel hoisting frame, on one side weighs
eighty tons. Four boiler plate sleeves for
the hot air blrist are each 100 feet high
and twenty-two feet in diameter, and are
filled with firebrick flues. These, with two
immense engines of the finest pattern,
bring the cost of the furnace up to over
31.000,000. The vork of construction of the
• other five is ¦well started.
Built by the Pueblo Steel Works at a
Cost of More Than a Million
Dollars.
ENORMOUS BLAST FURNACE
READY FOR OPERATIONS
The body found to-day was covered with
about two feet of earth in Ward's po
tato patch near the cabin. It Is sup
posed to be that of Kirk Shepherd, one
of the missing boys. The body was de
composed beyond recognition. A heavy
reward will be offered immediately for
Ward's capture.
Ward once asked one of the searchers
what would be done to* him if the bodies
of the missing boys were found on his
premises. When told that J he would be
strung up he acted strangely. He went
with one of the searching parties to the
creek near his house and helped hunt for
the boys, but soon made the excuse that
he must return to the house, and he has
not been seen since that day.
All three boys suddenly disappeared,
and when questioned Ward pretended to
be heart broken over the matter. Harley
returned afterward, but there were no
signs of the other two brothers. A search
ing party went through the old man's
house and all over his premises, searching
tunnels, shafts and wells, but failed to
lind the boys.
DEADWOOD. S. D., Aug. 18.—Excite
ment is running high in this part of the
Black Hills over the unearthing of the
remains of a man three miles south of
this city. About five weeks ago an old
miner named W. H. "Ward created a great
deal of talk by his actions toward three
brothers, Lee, Kirk and Harley Shepherd.
The old man professed to think a great
deal of Harley, the youngest, and prom
ised him several thousand dollars as
soon as he reached his majority.
Old Miner Suspected of Having Killed
and Buried at Least One
Brother.
BLACK HILLS DISTRICT
AROUSED. BY MURDER
buildings also have Interior fire plugs.
During the day when the campus. Is
crowded and the rooms are full of stu
dents the chances of a serious fire are not
now considered great, but at night time,
with only one .watchman to patrol the
grounds, the possibility of fire is a con
tinual terror to university men. In la
boratories where chemicals are kept and
where careless students are apt to leave
a burner or a jet lighted, fires areiiable
to occur, and do more often than the
general public is aware. Fortunately,
heretofore there has generally been a
watchman or some one else on hand to
extinguish the blaze or to summon" help
before great damage was done, and the
fact of a fire is not made known until it
leaks out weeks afterward.
This good fortune .is not always the
case, however, for in 1S97 a morning fire,
with plenty of tire-fighters on the ground,
burned the agricultural building to the
ground floor. Many of Its valuable collec
tions and books were lost. About two
years ago one rcom in the civil engineer
ing building was gutted before the fire
was stopped, and more recently the botan
ical building was damaged by a daytime,
blaze.
In West Berkeley new manufactories
are going up without fire protection, and
in Cast Berkeley there are blocks and
blocks of $10,000 residences depending on a
Contra Costa water pressure for safety
from fire. Few towns have had a faster
steady growth than this city, and there is
perhaps no place in California wherte more
and better homes are being built at the
present time. It is this rapid and healthy
growth that has made Berkeley spring
from a suburban town Into a city with
all a city's, needs and requirements.
LABOR PAET"! LAUNCHED
BY OAKLAND WORZINGMEN
Intend to Put a Complete Ticket in
the Field at the Coming
. - Election. ' • . '
OAKLAND. Aug. lS.-The United Labor
party of the State of California wa3
formed in Oakland this afternoon. It was
launched with a declaration of principles,
a central organization and about 100 mem
bers who signed the declaration of princi
ples,that announced a 1 determination to
form a new party that would put a com
plete State ticket in the field.
The movement has been on foot for sev
eral weeks, but It did not take definite
shape until to-day, when a call was cir
culated for a meeting to be held in Koh
ler & Chase Hall. The call was circulated
among the laboring men, particularly the
union men, though the public was in
vited. The result was between fifty and
seventy-five men, nearly all members of
unions, who were present when C. D.
Rogers called the meeting to order. Mr.
Rogers is the State president of the
American Federation of Labor and lives
in Oakland. Mr. Rogers and all of those
who were present say that they were
there in their capacity as citizens and not
as members of the unions.
There were a number of addresses by J.
E. Holmes. P. B. Preble. J. Reboli, D. A.
Shannon and others, at the end of which
it was decided by the meeting to form a
political party that should embrace the
entire State and should have for Its ob
ject the nomination of a complete State
ticket next year. A committee composed
of P. B. Preble. C. I. Jacobs and C. A.
Sinclair was "appointed to embody that
idea in the form of a declaration of prin
ciples, and the following was the result:
Recognizing that the legislative functions of
our municipal. State and national Governments
are being usurped by organized capital, and
that monopoly and privileges control the indus
trial destinies of the* commonwealth through
existing laws and political organizations; and
believing that there is no hope of securing leg
islation favorable to the laboring people from
said political organizations, the undersigned
electors of Alarncda County, California, hereby
signify their intention of forming a new party,
to be known as the United Labor party of the
State of California, for the purpose of nominat
ing a full State ticket to be voted for at the
next general election, upon a platform pledg
ing all nominees' primarily to work and vote
for a law providing for direct legislation and
proportional representation, with such other de
mands as may be deemed expedient at the time
when the convention is held for the purpose of
nominating said ticket.
It was then decided to have a central
organization, that would take the form of
a club rather than a political central com
mittee. This club is expected to be the
nucleus of the political party, and will ex
tend the organization to San Francisco
and other places. To this end a special
organizing committee was appointed,
every member of which comes from a dif
ferent union. The regular officers and
committees are as follows:
President. J. E. Holmes: vice president, D. A.
Shannon: secretary. J. Reboli: treasurer. F. W.
Downing: organizing committee— C. A. Two
mey, J. Ward. C. D. Rogers, Fred Murdock, J.
Dickie. H. Cornwall. J. Callahan and G. Manes:
committee on by-laws — P. B. Preble, J. Flick,
Fred Murdock. J. Atadden and G. Manes; press
committee— D. A. Shannon, P. B. Preble and J.
E. Holme?. .
ST. JOHNS, N. F.. Aug. IS.— The Brit
ish Admiralty intends to install the Mar
coni system of wireless telegraphy ¦ <>ri
Cape Race, in order to communicate with
the British Royal Yacht Ophir, bearing
the Duke and Duchess of Cornwall and
York, when she- approaches the New
foundland coast in October. The idea is
to prevent the possibility of an accident
to the Ophir in waters where so many
steamers have • been wrecked during the
present season.. . . - :
SIMONSTOWN. Cape Colony. Aug. 18.—
The royal yacht Ophir. with the Duke and
Duchess of Cornwall and York, has ar
rived here. . -
Marconi System to i Report Duke of
Yorkfs Arrival Off Newfound
land Coast.
BRITISH ADMIRALTY WILL
USE WIRELESS TELEGRAPHY
HAVANA, Aug. ¦ 18.— Chief Surgeon Ha
vard . announced to-day that the experi
ments of the division on the propagation
of yellow fever, so far as these involved the
mosquito test, will be discontinued. This
decision ¦was taken because one of the
non-immunes who was recently bitten by
an infected mosquito died of yellow fever
to-day. The man, who was a Spaniard,
desired to become an immune and there
fore allowed himself to be bitten by an
infected mosquito. Another man who was
bitten is also .suffering from a very bad
case. Both were bitten by insects which
had been set apart for the experiments of
Dr. Caldaz, the Brazilian expert, who is
arranging to demonstrate the alleged ef
ficiency of a serum as a preventive
against yellow fever.
According to Major Havard the cases
due to mosquito infection prior to the
latest two were light, out the matter has
assumed a more dangerous form than, the
first experiments led the yellow fever
commission .to expect. The experiments
of Dr. Caldaz have not begun.
One of the Non-Immunes Bitten by
an Infected Insect Dies of the
Yellow Fever.
SURGEONS DISCONTINUE
THE MOSQUITO TEST
The University of California, with all its
¦ invaluable collections, the results of ages
or research, and its millions of dollars in
property, must depend largely, in spite
of a private water system, upon Berke
ley's fire-fighting apparatus and water
pressure for protection from fires. "Al
though the town may not in a legal sense
be required to send, its department to uni
versity fires, yet morally it is. The univer
sity has a reservoir in a canyon west of
the grounds the water in which is for flre
.fighting purposes only. The reservoir is
generally kept full and holds 300,000 gal
lons. An eight-inch main carries the water
into the grounds and past the Chemistry
building, where the pipe is reduced to six
inches, and near the gymnasium to four
inches. At least two hydrants are avail
able for each building and two and a half
inch hose sufficient to reach wherever re
quired is kept at different places. The
University in Danger.
part of North Berkeley are two-Inch and
all through the residence district sur
rounding the university a four-inch main
is the largest. The pipes vary in diameter
in different parts of the town from three
quarters of an inch to twelve inches. West
Berkeley is supplied with water through a
four-inch main down : Unl\-ersity avenue.
It has been the custom of the water com
pany to shut off the heavy pressure on
this pipe at night. This custom is declared
to be the 'reason why the fire in the Xie
haus mill was not extinguished shortly
after it originated.
COLD "WEATHER REDUCES
SUNDAY CROWDS AT PARK
The department does not possess a
steam fire engine and the only water pres
sure is a direct one from the hydrants. At
the Xiehaus fire a twelve-foot stream was
all that could be secured. Before the Ala
meda "Water Company was absorbed by
the Contra Costa Water Company the
largest main in town was a six-inch pipe
extending along Shattuck avenue. Re
cently larger pipes have been put In Rose
street to Shattuck avenue, along Shat
tuck to Milvia, Mllvia to Virginia. Virginia
to Grove and along Grove to Center. At
the beginning the pipe is twelve inches in
diameter but diminishes to eight and then
to six inches In Grove street. The pipes
through the scenic tract and the eastern
Water Pressure Lacking.
having a foreman. But there is no chief
and each company is independent. The
firemen receive no pay for their services.
The apparatus consists of hose wagons,
hook and ladder trucks and one chemical
engine. This summary includes one new
and first-class hose wagon and a consider
able quantity of substantial hose. The
remainder of the fire fighting appliances,
the town offlciajs acknowledge, vary from
the moderately serviceable to the prac
tically useless. Some of the companies
pull their apparatus by hand, some
have horses and others borrow teams
when they can get them. The volunteer
firemen receive both praise and con
demnation for the work they do, but their
ability or lack of ability is not material,
considering the difficult conditions under
which they work.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Sunday, August IS.
Stmr San Juan. Robinson, 24 days 2 hours
from Panama, via Mazatlan 6 days 2 hours.
Bktn Ruth, Petersen, 29 days from Kahului.
Those present were: ilr. and Airs. G.
Auberlin. Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Dermody,
Miss J. Quinn. Miss L. Brough, H. L.
Demirest, U. S. N., Arthur Catherwood,
U. S. X., and E. H. McAuliffe.
The brido, who only arrived from the
north yeFterdav morning, was given away
by E. McClelland Isaac, t". S. X.. a life
long friend of her family. Robert T.
Scott, L\ S. X., acted as best man and
Miss Nellie Dermody of this city attended
the bride. Only a few intimate friends of
the couple were present at the ceremony,
which was performed in the parlors of the
hotel at 8:3tf p. m. A wedding supper
was served after the couple had been
made one. at which the guests drank to
the health of the bride and groom.
A very handsome couple were united In
matrimony last night at the Hotel Berk
shire by Chaplain D. H. Tribou of the
battleship Iowa. They are Miss Olie A.
Maxfield, daughter of W. I. Maxfleld. su
perintendent of the Dungeness Shingle
Company of Port Angeles, Wash., and
Alfonzo M. Skinrver, warrant machinist,
T". S. N., at present attached to the Iowa.
Miss Olie A. Maxfield Wedded to A.
M. Skinner of Battleship
Iowa.
HANDSOME COUPLE UNITED
BY A NAVAL CHAPLAIN
Tlie Fire Department.
Berkeley has seven fire companies, each
Tho people of Berkeley are seriously
alive to the conditions, for they realize
that not only is the present state of af
fairs a constant menace to their homes
but to the State University. What to do Is
the Question citizens and officials alike
are now discussing. The former look to
the latter for action and the latter look
to the former for funds. 'Berkeley is
forging ahead in improvements, in
cluding the construction of many mag
nificent homes throughout the town and
the ever increasing number of manufac
tories on the bay front, but it is feared
this building up and beautifying of the
oity will suffer a serious setback unless
something is done immediately to afford
more efficient fire protection.
|Tr vv ERKELET, Aug. 18.— The thriving
l__2/ town of Berkeley has long since
yV outgrown Its fire department The
. 1 sJ $150,000 fire which destroyed the
big planing mill plant of the
Nlehaus Brothers Company and the
Dverding Starch Works in West Berkeley
Thursday night has brought forcibly be
fore the townspeople its appalling lack
of fire fighting apparatus and its Inade
quate water supply. The fact that Oak
land sent two engines to the fire saved
many times the value of the property de-
Ftroyed and even this timely succor would
have been rendered f utlle by lack of water
had not the tide been running full, thus
enabling the engines lo pump from the
bay.
The real end of the South African war is
not yet in sight and the fact that £100,000
In gold was brought in from the Rand
during July has done but little to offset
the feelings of tax-payers, who have spent
over £5.000,000 on the war during the same
period, with the prospect of continuing the
same indefinitely. Barring unforeseen de
velopments of an unfavorable nature, it
is probable that a healthy upward move
ment is rot far off: but the likelihood is
that several false starts will be made be
fore this movement is fairly inaugurated.
Stocks were generally higher and busi
ness took a wider range. The attendance
upon the exchange is still meager, owing
to the holiday, but there are indications
of legitimate buying for Investment in the
case of gilt-edged securities, Including
American railroad shares. This movement
is accepted by many as indicating: that the
tide had finally turned and that better
times ar,c ahead after a long period of
stagnation.
Signs are not wanting, however, that the
professionals are making a preconcerted
effort to work up a boom in all sections
of the Stock Exchange, leading off with
Kaffirs on the strength of a few gold ship
ments already received; but conditions do
not favor such a movement. The steel
strike is still a dark cloud over the Amer
ican section.
LONDON, Aug. IS.— The Stock Exchange
settlement last week passed easily. Money
was quite plentiful, so much so as to In
duce talk of a reduction of the bank rate
to 2Vs. But conservatives argue against
this disappointing outlook that there Is
certain to be a gold drain toward the
United States In mid-September, when the
twenty-six and a half millions reserve will
not be too large to meet demands.
Steel Strike Has Depressing
Effect on American
' Securities.
Stocks Are Higher and
Money Plentiful in
London Market.
BERKELEY AWAKENS TO A REALIZATION OF THE DANGER
MENACING IT THROUGH LACK OF FIRE FIGHTING FACULTIES
The Disastrous Conflagration That Swept Away $150,000 Worth of Property a Few Nights Ago
Furnishes a Costly and Startling Object Lesson — Citizens Demand Better Equipment and
More Adequate Water Supply and Trustees Lack Money to Make Needed Improvements
BUSINESS TAKES
A WIDER RANGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 19. 1901.
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Wash-day is work at the best;
but' Fels-Naptha soap makes it
And money back.
Fels & Co., makers; Philadelphia.
¦RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Going East?
Cheap Rates
via Santa Fe
The places, tlie rates for the
round trip and the dates cf
sale are below. The other
details can be had of the
Santa Fe Agents.
LOUISVILLE, S77.50
August 2O-21 '
BUFFALO, $87.00
August 22-23; September 5-6;
October 3-4
CLEVELAND, $82.50
September 5-6
The best service and the mosl
comfortable way is
Santa Fe
Ticket Office
641 MRKET STREET
KOBTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing April 2S. 1301.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAX RAFAEL.
"WEEK DATS— 6:33. 8:30. *9:30. 11:00 a. m..
12:45. *1:45, 3:15, 4:15. 5:15. *6:15, 6:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS-For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00. •9:00. *10:00. 11:00. 11:30
a. m.. 12:45. M:30, 2:30, *3:45. 5:C0, 6:00, 7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. does not" run to San RaXaeJ
Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— *5:25. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35. 10:15
a m.. •12:25. 1:15, 2:20. »3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 6:13. »8:00. 9:45. *ll:C0 a. m.. »13
m.. l:C0. 2:15. *3:20. 4:30. •5:45. 6:45. 7:30. 10:1}
P Tra'ins marked (•> start from San Qnentln.
FKOM-MIIX VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DATS— 5:43. B:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10.3J
a. m.. 12:35. 1:48. 2:45. 3:50. 3:10. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:1" and 10:3."> p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6 :3T«. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12:13
1-20 2:30, Z'Ao. 5:00. <>:15. 7:15, 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m, week days — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. rn. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays excepted)—
Tomales and way stations.
« a. m. Sundays — Cazadcro and way stations.
10 a. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way sta-
tion3. ¦ | ¦
Santa Fe Trains
. ' Leave Market-street Ferry Depct.
Local LinVdlOvrrd Local
Dally • I Dally Da!ly
Lv San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a I 8:00 p 4:23 p
Ar. Stockton. I1O:1S a U:4.ia|U:inp T:18 p
" Merced -.112:^ p 1:17 pj 1:19 a !>:11 p
" Frcsna .. 2:05 p 2:3S p 3:f»S a 10:50 p
"Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p 7:0fi a
" Vlsalia... 3:40 p 4:4Sa
." Bkrsfleld. 6:15 p 5:20 p I 7:30 a «
" Kan City 2:40 a 7:30 a
•- Chicago I 2:15 pj 9:00 p
& for rnorninj?. p for afternoon.
•9:00, a. m. train is the California Llm
lted. leaving Monday and Thursday only,
carryinitr Palace Pl»epinp Cars and Dlnln«
Cars through to Chicajro. Chair Car run*
lo Bakersfleld. for accommodation of local
first-class . pa«seng»»rs. No second-class
tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing: train arrives at 5:55 p. m. Tuesday and
KrMay.
4:20 p.m. Is Stockton and Fresno tocal.
<~OTespondln5 train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily.
8:00 p. nv Is the Overland Express, with
• through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reolln!n« CV"*ir Cars to Chicajro: also
, Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Corresponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m.
daily.. . , .-
7:20 a. m. Is P-akersfieid Loral, stopping at
all points In San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train Arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
Offices— €41 Market street and In F^rrr
; Depot,' San Francisco: 1112 Broadway, Oak-
land. *''-¦¦ - '.:'•._.
MOUNT TAMALPAI5 RAILWAY
Vii SaualiK r«Tjr— Post of Market St.
8:00 a. U.) ' •¦'. >' f 12:15 r. IC
9:00 a. m. ". ' 1:15 r.M.
53 1 £ \ «w»a» v *g - *
130 P. U. 6:50 P.M.
230 P. M.J 7:10».i«.
Para. San Frvtffm H 8<immtt awl BtetarB. S1.4*
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.. 8c SansalUo Ferry.
jf*%. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
IL^aJtf* 62J> SEAIMY ST. Established
JjMfjMjftin 1854 for the treatment of Titrate
flfl IJtwgfflf Diseases, I,fmt Manhood. Debility or
Qwljfiwnirii i 'i' i wearing on body ami mind and
SlHKgrolSktn Diseases. Tbe Doctor cures when
i?JE9HHta91 nt h ers '*"• Try him. Charges low.
iJTlTCnrTTITI ir r - ittiti— n — 'tt-1 Callorwrita.
Dr. JT. *'. «IBBO>. aaa Francisco, Cal. _
BATT.WAY TRAVEL.
;Ai:^ur:Servicet
The porters in charge.
of Burlington tourist sleep- ;
ing-cars are picked men.; j
Most of them have been
with us for years. They ;
are honest, civil and oblig- '<
ing. They know what is
expected of them, and the :
excursion managers see
that they do it.
From Los Angeles, Mondays and
Wednesdays; San Francisco. Tues-
days and Thursdays; Omaha. Chi- \
cago. Kansas City, St. Louis —
EVERYWHERE east
_ Tickets and berth*
|ff£&3&£52] at 631 Market Street.
J * mSm I GealASeat - )
SOUTHERN PACIFIC:
7ralu lmi« »n<l «%«¦•> dm to nrrli* »t
MAN FKANt'lWCO.
(Main Lino. Foot of Market 3tre«l) ¦
lkat» — From Jclt li. 1301. — ajlhttu
1:OOa Ben Ida, Suisuu, Klmin and Sacra-
mento 6:S3?
TjOOa V«ca»Ule, Wiot*»m, Kuanej 7tO3r
TtSOA MarUubz.Saultamim.Vallajo.Kapa,
Calbtoc* and Santa Itosa «iUr
8:««A Davis, Woodland. Knlgnts Landing.
M»rj*»ill9, OroTille.. 7:9*r
8:00* Atlantic Kxpress— Ogdao and Easi 12:23?
»iu«a Mies. Lathrop, Siocuton ?:2.>r
SiMV.\Xiles. Mendcta. Hanford. Vbalia.
Psrterrille 4:33»
•:? V a Shasta Express— Davis, Williams (for
Bartlett Springs). Willows. Rod
BiuS, Portland. 7»33#
¦y»A San Joae, Lltermorr. .Stockton,
I'uie. iiaeraiuHuto. PlaeerTiUaw
M»rysTlll«. Chloo. Ke.J ISIult «i*3p •
B1TO1 Oakdale, Chinese (YcMmite). So-
nora, Carters * 4:2.1?
B:OO* Havward. Nilct and *7ay Stations.. 1 1 s.vy*
•:OOa Vallejo ' ... Isis23r
»:•«* Los Angeles Express — Marthie*,
Trsey, Latbrop, Stockton. Mexcetl
Vrsano and I.cn Auzeles 7:33?
¦:XOa Vallejo, Martiu«z aud Way Stailom tiftSr
lOiOUA The Overland Limited— Ogdan. Deu.
ver. Omaha. Chicago •tf».1»
Tl:inp 3acr*int.i>f.<> Silver Steamer* fSlOOi
3>3Or Haywar-l. NU-s and Way stations.. 7:33/
4t«*r UeDl&'a. Winters. Maeramento.
. Woodland. Knights J.sudlue,
' M»ry«Tiile, Oro»llle lf>:S3*
«t«»p Mtrtiuez. Han IUmiti, Vallejo.
Napu. t/'uliatoica. Hsiit* Koaa •>a."J\
4i00r Niles, Livermore. Stockton. Lodi... iSiSMp
4:3<»r Hayward, Nlles, aau.lnne, LJvermora t8:A3A
* :3i»p Port Cosca, Tracy. Lathrop, Stockton I »<23a
S:OVr The Owl Limited— V'resuo. TuUro,
Bakersdeld. Uaugns (or Santa Uar-
bara, Los Angeles..... SsSSa
SiOOr Martinez. Anticeb, Stockton, Mer-
ced. Fresno 12:25?
»:«»* Tosemito l*;V5r
ttsSOp New Orleans Express— MendoU.
Frenco. B»kenneid. Loa Angeles,
ii.nmig. El Paao, New Orleans
and East 7iSJ>4
8:»Op Bay ward, Niles aod San Joss 7i33»
t«:OOr Vallejo 11:254
«>O»r Oriental Mail— OjjJen, Cbejenn*.
Omaha. Chicago U:23r
¦tOOr Oriental Mail— Ogdeo. Denver.
St. Louis. Chicago. 4tS3r
9 i««p Oregon and California KipreM,Ha«<
iHiiimitn. M.krjuvillo, IJ«,lclIi.<,
PortUntl. PinjBt Mound anil Ka»» Ss39a
• ¦•»» San Pablo. Port Costa. Martian
and Way Stations 11>».-)*.
|»iOap Vallejo 7»SA»
: COAST LiINB (Narrow tiaageju
¦ (Foot ct JJ.rket Street.)
' 17s45a Santa Crnz Excursion to dtmta Cruz
•ud Principal Way Stations JSiOSy
• i!3a Newark. (;«iit«r»ll!tViaii.lo3«,Fe!ton,
Boulder Creek.Sania Crux and Way
buttons ; ••SO*
tStltv Newark, Ceuterville. 8an .lose, Nhw
AlwuJnu, Feltou, lionlder Creek.
8auU (/(us and 1'iluoliial Way
Stations tHi.it) 4
vilflr Newark. Han Josa. Lou Gntos tSi-104
«4iaSr G1enwood.Bonlder Peek. Santa Cn« «S»3Oa
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY.
fna SiS msCISCO— Foot of tuUt Striet (Slip 8>-
17:16 >:00 l):00..M. 1:53 3:00 3:13f.".
rrimOUUSa— fMi •rgra.Jw.j.— triOO tS:OQ t3:0l
1000 a.m. 12.S3 2:03 1:03 r.M.
COAST LINE (Brad Kange).
(Third and Townsenil Sta.) . ¦¦'.'¦*'¦¦ 7.'
A<IOa San Joae and Way -Stations.... ...... «:UOa
t7:«Ol Kui Jose aud War Stations... l>»»r
/7-.WUA New Almaden / H1O»
}7i*Oa Sunday Excursion foi Sao Jcee,
Santa Crua, Pacific Grove and
Principal Way Station* JJ»30»
IiMaKu Jose. Boilister. UuiU Cms.
Pad He Urovo. aallnas. ban Lids
Obispo, Santa Barbara and Prin-
cipal intermediate -StaMntis... T>30w
IwiXOa San Jcse and Way Stations. 0i30r
IIiSwa Han Joss ami Way .Stations 5tU0»
tSi-ta* S»i« Matro. Kedwood. M?nlo Park;
Pain Alto. Manta Clara. Han Jose.
Bollister. Santa Cruz. SaJinas.
Monterey ami Pacific tlrova 110:13a
litOr San Jose, Tras Pinoa. Santa Crnz,
Pacific Orova and Way MUtiona 4:1ft*
M<lBr> 8an Joseantl Principal Way Stations v:-s5*
v3tOOrSan Joae. Los Gatos aud Principal
Way Stations / f !):OO t
StSMp RanJnte and Principal Way Stations 8:3Ba
OiOOp Redwood. Han Jose, GUtoj. Salinas, ' ¦
Santa Barbara, Loa Angeles 1 0:«S*
«:3»p San Jose and >Vay Htations t":4M>«,
«llt4.->p San Jess and Way Stations 7:3O*
a Tor Morning. P for A fternoon.
fSiinday excepted. I Hmdny only.
C Saturday only. eMomliy.
s Saturday an i Snnday. / Tuesdays and Frldaja.
CALffORfili IORTHVESTEBI RI. CGI
LESSEE
SAH FRANCISCO AND KORTR PAG1F10
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburcn Ferry. Foot of Market SS*
Snrt Fr-an-iti-o lu Saa Rafas!.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. 9:00. 11:00 a. hi.: 12:33.
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:34
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. : 1:30. J:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. rn.
«-un ri«. .i-l tn'm Francisjo.
WEEK PATS-6:10. 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:45.
3:40. 5:1". p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at V.'oi
and 6:35 p. in.
SUNDAYS— 8:10. 9:40. 31:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
a:C5, (::j 5. a r,' -,:"!.;
, Leave I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. lApril 23. 1901.1 San Francisco.
""we-k I Sun- j I Sun- I We«li
Days. I days. I Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 ami Novato. !lO:40 ami 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 ami Petaluma. I S:05 pmllO:2S ara
5:10 pm a:0O pml Santa Rosa. I 7:35 pml 8:23 pra
Fulton.
7:30 am Windsor. 10:23 ara
5:00 pm Hf>aldsburs. 10:40 am
' .'. • v I-ytton. I
Geyservllle.
8:20 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pml 8:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:00 pmj HoDland 110:40 am[lO:25 am
3:30 pm| 8:00 ami and Uklah. | 7:35 rm| 6:20 pm
7:30 am 10:40 am!10:25 am.
S:00 am Guemevine. 7:35 pmf
J:30 pm 5:00 pm \ | 6:30 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma I 3:15 ami 8:40 am
and f w I
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. I 6:05 prof 6:20 pm,
7:30 ami 8:00 ami 110:40 am 10:23 am
2:30 pml 5:C0 pml Sevastopol. I 7:35 pml 6:20 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Srrrlnss and White Sulphur Sprinsrs: at -Fulton,
for Altniria: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Geyserville for Skas*s Prrlnss: at Cloverdal*
for the 1 Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Spring. Kelseyvill*. CarU-
bad Springs. J-'oda Bay. I-akeport and Bartlett
Springs: «t Ukiah for Virhy Springs. Saratoga.
Springs Blue Lakes. Laurel Del! Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake.. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Merley's. Bueknell'i.
Sanhedrln Heights. Hullvllle. Orr*s Hit
Springs. Mendcvin© City. Fort Brape. West-
port, TTsal. WilHts. Laytonville. Cunrmlr.j.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. Scotia
and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday, round-trip tickets at re-
duced rart^s.
On Sunday round-tr1r» ¦ tickets to all points
bevond San Rafael at ht\\f rates.
Ticket Office. 830 . Market street, ChronlcU
Bulldinar- ';
H. C. WTnTTMG. R. X. RTAK.
Gen. Manager.^ ¦' Gen. Pass. Agt.
WfiBHyCt$l;0&|BTY6ar,THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 19, 1901.
8
SAN FRAJTCI9CO CAIi—.*' ; |
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Franolsoo
Call, corner of Marbet and Third «treet«; open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street
Corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m. . ->
SO0 Hayes street; open until t:SO p. m.
6S9 McAllister etreet; open until 9:30 p. m.
tlS Larkln etreet; open until 9:30 p. «»•
1S41 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market etreet. corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m.
10$ Eleventh street: open until 9 p. — •
109b Valencia street: open until 9 p. m.
Northw-st corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m.
Sgoo Flllmor«* rtreet: open until 9 p. m.
¦MEETIXO NOTICES. '.-'">-'?:<¦
APYLCM of Golden Gate Commandery <i _,«
No. 16 K. T.. 625 Sutter St.— Stated l"r
assembly THIS EVENING at S o'clock. Jlij
All frate*-s are courteously Invited.
H. D. LOVELAND. Em. Com.
THEO. FROLICH. Recorder.
BAN FRANCISCO Chanter No. 1. Royal t^-
Arch Masons, meets THIS EVENING. fcX.
Business and M. M. degree.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22. F. and A. m
M.— THIS (MONDAY) EVENING at _4\_
7:3f> o'clock. Third degTee. Master }mj\
Masons cordially Invited. By order of ' V
the W. M.
WALTER G. ANDERSON. Secretary
"KINO SOLOMON'S Lodge No. 260. F. ¦
end A. M.. 1S3* Fillmore St.— Third de-^^
gree THIS EVENING at 7:30. /W\
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary. '_^J
SRPEKO Jedinstvo B. S. •will A
hold regular meeting THIS \w g&TjiJB
(MONDAY) EVENING. August
. 19, at S o'clock fiharp. at 909
Market et. All members are re- i^SS'^'Hr
quested to. be present. |fr%v*__.
M. ZARO. President. \**<****~
P. P. TORNICH. Secretary.
MERCEDES Oil & Development Co., San Fran-
fisco. Cal. — A special meeting of the stock-
holders of this company will be held at the
office of the president. 4«6 Sutter st_,»on Fri-
day. Aug. 23. 1901. at 8 o'clock p. m. By
order of the board of directors.
J. C. H. EDWARDS. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Pacific Undertakers will be held at 777 Mis-
sion rt.. San Francisco. Cal.. on FRIDAY.
August 28. 1901, at 8 o'clock p. m.. for the
election cf directors for the ensuing term, -
and also to consider an amendment to the by-
laws reducing the number of directors from 9
to 7. and the transaction of such other busl- '
ress as may come berore the meeting. Trans- .
fer books will close Tuesday. August 20. at 4
o'clock p. . m. By order of the board of 41-
r»rtnr>. M. C. GORHAM. Secretary.
AGENTS WA.VTED.
AGENTS everywhere to sell stock "gold
mine": good pay. Newton & Harter. 759 Mkt.
ASPHALTCM ROOFIXG.
3. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred; postal. 1136 Mission: tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free ;dlvorces private ;bankruptcy; col-
lections ;attachments: mortgages; bills of sale;
partnerships -.d^ds: wills drawn;fees low;open
eve's. THURPTON. 100S>4 Mkt.. r. 4. op. Eth.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no foe without Kiiocess; collections. G W.
HOWE, atty at law. S'.I Market.cor.Stoekton.
LEW B. DOUGLASS. S3T Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, general practice: mod. fees.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful W
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. F. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Ma>
ket Ft.; consultation fr«»e: no fees In advance.
BOOKS — NEW A\D OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought. Tel Red 293?
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission St.
DOARDIXG FOR CHILDREX.
LADY with her own home will board children;
reasonable: near school. 4023 Twenty-fifth Et.
2 OR 3 children to board; good horae & moth-
cr's carp; $10 up; sunny yard. 1607 California. ;
WIDOW would !ike 2 r-hildren to board, fur-
nished room for narent. 741'i Kolsom st.
GOOD home for children; JS up; near school.
2127 Prince St.. Berkeley.
DusnrBSS chaxces.
A— $700; CORNER grocery and bar with 2 liv-
ing rooms on O'Farrell st. ; rent $23: trcod
business: owner to leave citv. R. G. WILKE
26^ Kearny st. "j*-.*r
A-1450: RESTAURANT and coffee saloon: 2
blocks from corner Market and Stockton sis.;
rent $30; must ye!! at once: owner to leave
for Manila- Call R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny.
A— KbO; SHOOTING gallery, doing a good busi-
ness; net profits at least $100 per month: rent
$15; come, see and satisfy yourseli R G.
WILKE. 2614 Kearny st.
A— T1SOO; COFFEE saloon and restaurant; one
block south of Market st.: daily receipts from
S90 up; clearing: about $400 per month; a rare
chance. Call R. G. WILKE. 26"4 Kearny st.
A— $1500: FIRST-CLASS In prices and first-class I
paying restaurant close to Chronicle build- j
Ing; come, investi-rate and you will find a !
splendid investment. Call R. G. WILKE.
tXM Kearny st.
FINE, opening for an active man with good
business qualifications: single man preferred;
good future for pood man: capital needed $500
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
_^ 917 Market St.. opp. Mason, rooms 1-2.
DRUG ttore and fixtures for sale; fine oppor-
tunity: location corner Geary and Devisadero
et*. For particulars apply to LANGLEY &
MICHAELS CO.. 38 First St.. or Board of
Trade of Kan Francisco. 20! Market et.
WANTED — An active younp man as a partner
in an established ca*=h business: duties easily
acquired 1 ; profits will average $101 a month to
each: no night «w Sunday work: capital re- I
quired $500. DONITeLLY CO.. 632 Market st. |
CIGAR store, fine location, could not be bet-
ter; fixtures up-to-date; will sell for less
than its value on account sickness. Business
Board Trade. S26 Pine Et.
JXSO— PARTNER wanted: Indoor business -
6teady man. McLaughlln & Co.. 777% Market.
IRISH festival. September ». Glen Park— Bids
will. l»« received by the committee on conces-
sions of Celtic Union for restaurant, photo-
praph. ice cream stands, \wheels of fortune,
and side show privileges, the committee
rpservlnir the riitht to reject any and all bids
Bid* will r«» received until August 27. Ad-
<1r«ss THOMAS F. ALFORD. office of IrlEh
Festival Committee. 5S2-83 Parrott building.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
f3000 in an optical business; must either be
an optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc.: cash receipts about $l. r «00 to
$2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERLE. German Expert Optician. 1071V4 Mar-
ket St., San Francisco.
FOR wale — At invoice price, the merchandise
etore of CNOPIt'S & CO., Santa Rosa, with
its two branches, one at Seba6topol and one
at Healdsburg. as a whole or each store sep-
arate: disagreement among partners the cause
of Felling. For particulars address CNOPIUS
& CO.. Santa Rosa. t
5300— PARTNER wanted; light business; must
b« steady, reliable man: satisfied with J1R
to $25 a week: no experience required: trial
given before buying. 25 Geary St., room I.
5115— FRUIT and vegetable stand: sunny living
rooms; furniture: cheap rent; principal Etreet;
going away. Box 4914, Call orfice.
GARDENING business, containing all tools,
horse and wagon: rood chance for Industrious
man. Inquire 410 Maple ft.
FOR SALE— nutchor Fhop: a splendid oppor-
tunlty: establlMifl ji years; good location.
Box 4S76. Call office.
CTTN A locksmith business & bulldlr^js for sale.
>-«arg£s S. P. Call Agent. Santa Cruz. Cal.
and locks repaired; carpet re-
lald. etc. Apply 440 Third «.
ENAP— Restaurant, lady or gentleman; small
capital. Apply 8 Wsshlnsrton Ft. —
LODGIXG-HOCSKS FOR SAL'S.
H. C. DECKER
1020 Market st.. opp. Fifth. Tel. Mint" 796."
100 rooming-houses, 10 to 500 rms. S.V) to $2.% orio
150 lodging-houses, t to 600 rms, $100 to.. 2d'ooo
40 fiats.3 to 12 rooms. $80 to '75a
31 r-^xdJng-house*. 10 to 100 rms, $350 to 10 000
29 h-tels. 40 to TOO rooms, $1000 to 8 0C0
40 grocery stores, $400 to C 000
20 candy stores, $300 to.........; ][[', c'cOfl
40 saloons, $400 to,....., g'000
10 c'.gar stores, $300 to \\ i'coo
COO other businesses, all kinds. $100 to.. 20000
100 vacant lots, $25 to s'ooo
7a houses and lots, everywhere, $500 to.. SoiooO
S chicken. ranches. J4C0 to 1,700
£0 ranches, everywhere. $300 up *14*0U0
...To Buy. Sell or Exchange Anything Cali..
I can suit you. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market.
A. CAMERON _ CO.. ~ j
; £50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.. '.':-.-
Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush S28.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all elres and prices. See list of bargains.
65 r.; rent $350; cor.; fine loc. & trans.. $4000
4« r.; rent $175; cor.; good loc.. fur., carp 5000
84 r.; r*-nt $200; cor. ; fine board.... 3500
26 r.; rent $115; cor.; clears $100 1600
Money leaned on deferred payments. 1>£ p. c.
IS r. : rent $65: cor. Van Ness: boarders.. 1200
10 r.: rent $28; fur.: piano; must sell.... 650
3 to 12 nnB. flats: elegant: $150 to 1500
Over 500 houses listed. Call before buying.
{150— LODGING-HOUSE 6 rooms; rent $1«: a
bargain. _cLAUGIILIN _ CO., 777H Market.
tODGIWG HOUSEg FOR gAXE— -Con.
BOSTON Agency, 1016 Market St., opp. Fifth-
It will pay buyers to call and investigate our
business ! chances for this week. • A 30-room
house, rent $25; 56-room house, good location:
22-room house, rent $25; 11- room house, a
gTeat bargain; 15-room house. -located on
Market Bt., rent $30, must be sold, party go-
ing East, good chance; grocery and bar, low
rent; good chances in cigar and candy stores;
second-hand furniture store, good location,
low rent, stock represents Its value, price
$1500. McBRIDE & CO., 1016 Market St., opp.
Fifth.
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, nr. Call bldg.
See these samples from big list at my offlce:
60-room hotel: clears $375 a month $6500
8 rooms; rent $25; clears $25 each month 325
22 rooms; crowded with nice families;
almost no work; only $60 rent 1400
14 rms.; rent $45; income $82 from 6 rms.
50 rms.; cor. apartment house: clears $145 2500
44 rms.; sunny; quiet; furn.. carpets Al;
I rent only $120: house clears $150 month 3000
$1100—15 ROOMS: Ellis: close in.
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
$500— 6-room flat; grand furniture; rent $25.
$1100—17 rooms; money-maker; rent, $55.
S650— 8 rooms; now being furnished.
J2500— 70 rooms; Ellis: rare opportunity.
We loan money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO., S50 Market st.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city and pay for It
. In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant houses furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. S50 Market.
TURK St.. 18 rooms $750
Fourth St.. 18 rooms 1000
Fourth St., 22 rooms '. 1000
Market St.. 15 rooms 875
Powell st.. 36 rooms 1!M>
GAMMILL & MOCK. 906 Market st.
WINSTIN & WOLF. 1026 Market St.
32 rooms: rent $45: reduced to $12R0
27 rooms; corner: rent $75 1500
125 rooms; a money-maker: see It.
65 rooms; modern; just listed.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market: phone Folsom 1592.
75 R $10,000 07 R $3WM 24 R $1SOO
CO R 3.000 ¦ 27 R 1S00 IS R 14"0
30 R 1.000 1« R 550 1? R 4oO
10 R 300 9 R 300 6 R 300
ATTENTION. bu3 r ers — Come In and see our list
of fine paying lodging-houses for sale or «?x-
chane-e before buying. A. H. RETSLOFF.
506 Market St., cor. Ellis, ropm 12.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at offlce of
G. W. SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint 1911.
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
WILL exchange for lodging-house: 30 acres
part In fruit: 5-r. house, barn, horses, cows,
chickens and tools. Donnelly Co.. 632 Market."
$200-8 ROOMS; nicely furnished; a pick-up.
437',j Fourth st.: rent $20.
SPIRITUALISM. \
FREE tests to ladies every morning the bal-
ance of this month, every Wednesday and
Friday afternoon and evening; no circles
held; all tests private; no money accepted frv
tests; palmistry, clairvoyance and medium! s-
tlc talents developed in others unrler writ-
ten guarantee In 90 days or no charge: It
costs not one cent to test my ability and
your talents; call to-day. FRANKLIN, 383
Geary st.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances:
Sun.. Tues.. Fri.. 8 p. m.. SCc; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;'
give, names; received medals from many coun-
tries; taken last world's r»cord medal Paris
Fal.-. 1084 Bush St.: tel. 2275 Larkin st.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnhcm. spiritual medium and
life reader; mining a specialty: clr. Sun., "Wed.
and Frl. evenings. 1C35 Market st. (no sign).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader; medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter. $2. 1164 O'Farrell st. ; Ellis car.
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs., 8 p. m.; every one gets a test; pri-
vate readings dally. 299 Hyde St., cor. Eddy.
MRS. HUBBARD. 109 Oak: circle Tues. & Frl.,
8 p. m.; Wed., 2:30 p. m.;.10c; read, daily, 50c.
MRS. HARLAND'S circle to-night: best tests,
10?: readings daily. 50c. fl. 148 Sixth st.
EDWARD EARLE. 32S Ellis— Readings dally;
seance Sun.. Tues. and Thurs. Tel. Polk 1601.
H. THOMPSON, slate writer. 603 California
St.; communications answered by mail; 25c.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 3S5 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Keyer: sitttnes daily; test to all to-night, 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME.~M~BERNARD. |
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st.. next Examiner bldg. She
reads your Hfe correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur in the fu-
ture. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not fatisflpd in Hfe. or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this g^at
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice In all affairs of life;
25c up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well -known trance
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket Ft., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
IB: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
nnteed by mail: send stamp for pamphlet j
with special terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells
past, future; never falls: has the -greatest
. Egyptian secret: shows picture future hu!»- I
band or wife; fee 2^c up; satisfaction to j
everybody: open Sundays; hours 10 a. m. to
8 p. m. 215*4 Sixth Et
A— LINCOLN, CLAIRVOYANT. "
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast;
he sueweds when others- fall; permanently
located at 125 Turk st. ; readings by mall.
__________ ...
Truthful predictions in all affalra of life; gives I
names, facts, figure?: given luck; honest pre-"!
dictions in love affalra: reunites separated, ]
not one failure; letters answered. 116 Turk. 1
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card !
reader, born with double \-elI— second si^ht;
diagnoses disease with life rearllnp; ladies 50c,
gents $1; palm, end clalr. sit. $1 SO. 126 Turk.
KNOW your fate — Mme. Richards, astrole^icnl ;
palmist, reader of human destiny: never falls; !
25c, 50c 1-03 Mission st. ; phone Howard 2675.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
pnlmlst. permanently located 1148 Market, od.
Cth; private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
MME. I.AROSE, bf>st clairvoyant card reader.
German spoken: 25c up. 777!J Market St.. r. IS.
M. WIL.L.E. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium;
sittings. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.; 50c. 326A Ellis.
MME. HANSON, card rea<W and pslm'st: past,
present, future. 108 Sixth St.. second floor.
MME. LTDIE LIND MAY. psychic and srlen-
Uflc palmist: ladies 50c, gents $1. 128 Turk.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader: ladlp* 2f.c,
gents EOc. 9j1 Mission, nr. 6th: open Sundays.
Mrs.Mallory.clalrvoyant card reader; when olh-
ers fiil consult me; L. 25c. G. 50c. 11.18 Markt.
MRS. BROWN*, clairvoyant, enrd reader;
ladles 25c. gents 50c. 132 Sixth Ft.
REMOVED to 1583 Market. Mrs. Dr. Vale<>n,
clalrvoy.. -palmist, life reader; sittings, dally.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 2.">c. 1149 Mission.
MME. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings dally. 44S^ Jpssle St.. hfrt. 5th and Glh.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently: business
iKiripo: nnmes given; 25c up. 5 Fourth St.
CARPET BEATIXO AXD* CLEANING.
"*VVHEN you become disgusted with poor work
pend to SPAITT^DINCVS pioneer Carney-beat-
ing Works. 353-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st;
tel. Main 294. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
BEATINO. 3c; laying. 3c: renovating, 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co.; phone Scott 1310.
RUDOLPH* &. CO.. carpet-bfating works: prices
. reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263.
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Workn~
333 Golden- Gate ave.; telephone East 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. O. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th St.: tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth ft.; tcl. Mission 74.
CARPETS cleaned at, the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON. » Eighth St.: telephone Jessie 344. '
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS.- corns,' Ingrown nails, worts; pain-
Jess cure; guaranteed. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.
PROF.Strassburger fromN.Y., specialist on feet;
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y.; Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES..
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market rt. ¦
COTTAGES TO LET: '
COTTAGE. 3 rooms; lot 25x120; near Golden
Gate Park; cheap; small cash payment, bal-
ance $10 per month. ' Address boy 4856. Call.
DETECTIVE AGENCIES.
McCABE'S Detective Agency handles all legit-
imate detective business: divorce cases posl-
m-ely refused. ' Emma Spreckels building,
rooms 323-324. San Francisco: tel.^South' 3S1;
DRESSMAKEHS AND SEA3ISTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School—
¦ Class rates; patterns' cut." 1019 Market Bt. '
"ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post,- over O'Connor & Moffatt.
____^ DENTISTS. ;
A— DrI " T.'"'s) r ' HIGOms7~>27 "Market street/
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
- for. painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, look natural and
.-guaranteed, $5 up; a good metal, plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket st., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly: teeth
¦without plates j our specialty; gold crowns.
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $4 50 up; of-
flce hours, 9 a, m. to 10 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
P. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best browns, plates, bridges
.and fillings; extractions or fillings by raj
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'.Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pe?:i,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 50; fillings.
60c: plates. $5; full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors. 21 Sixth
DR. A. C. KELLOGG— Experienced dentist:
specialties, crown and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
AT Ideal Dental Co., 6 Eddy st. — 'Work done
on weekly installments; lowest rates.
DR. R. L.WALSH,815*i Geary.nr.Larkin— Pain-
less attraction 50c: plates $5 up;phonePolkll35.
PARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny. cor. Bush —
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings, 25c.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
amlner building; formerly in Murphy bldg..
LOWEST prices In S. F. Painless extraction,
60c. N. Y. Dentists. 969 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" : -evenings and Sun-
days. 1001 Market St.. corner Sixth.
SET of teeth without plate. > DR. H. G.
VOTTNQ. 1341 Polk st.
DERMATOLOGISTS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles permanently,
removed by electrolysis: facial massages with
hvrtrn-yprii. MIPS MILLMAN. 910 Ttnsh St.
EDUCATIONAL.'
N^Girn^ci^o'L'FOiriilENr ~-~~^
A practical and industrial education for men:
Y. M. C A. building: more courses of study
than any other night school In the city for a
remarkably low tuition: send or apply for the
prospectus at -the building, corner of Mason
and Ellis sts.: opening night. Tuesday. Sep-
tember 10; registration beginning September
1: departments — Art. business, civil service,
elementary, engineering, high -school, lan-
puaeres. H. J. McCOY. general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
ATRES' Leading Business College. 723 Market—
$8 per month: $50 life scholarship guarantees a
complete business education: shorthand, typ-
ing. . bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship,
spelling, Spanish, etc.: experienced teachers;
new typewriters; positions secured; cat. free.
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg~
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallapher. expert court reporter, teacher of
shorthand: reportorial phrasing taupht: prac-
j tlcal bookkeepins. full coursr, $50; catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM-, an accredited preparatory
schocl for the university, law and medical
I colleges: references. President Jordan or any
! Stanford professor. Phelan building.
j MERRILL-MILLER Colleere— Shorthand, typ-
I incr. practical bonkkeenlner. Rooms 40-45, Par-
rott bldg.; Individual Instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec. mining, mech.sur-
vey, asFay. cyanide: Any, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
ACTING, elocution, specialties: Hallett School,
nssoclflted with theatrical agency securing po-
sitions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell St.
BOOKKEEPING, figures: the one man who per-
fects bptrlnners. college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR. the expert, 220 Parrott bldg. 1
A FULL course or Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand fo?ts nniv MO. San Fran-
rlscp Business College. 1236 Market st.
SPANISH lessons by competent old Castillan
teacher. PROF. MAT A. 210 Eddy st.
MARY P.WESTHAUS. piano, mandolin, eultar
lecsons, oOc: piano for practice. 39 Fifth st.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin.
mandolin, guitar: Juvenile claps. 100S Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PA RCINGTON'S DAY and
ILLrSTRATION-nlghflclass. 424 Pine st.
J HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post st.. S. F. ;
i founded 1S63; new SQ-page catalogue free.
PTAXO and German: nunil of Lelpsic Conserva-
tory; lessons 75c and SI. 320 Goia?n Gate ave.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, srammar. writinc.
etc. : dsy or eve. : $3 mo. 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
E3IPLOYMEXT OFFICES.
JAPANESE and Chinese help^of~Tll"^lrviV;
cooks, waiters and house servants GEO.
A OKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
CHINESE Employment Offlce— All kinds bept
help furnished. 489 Bush St.; tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intell!g»nce Offlce— Furnish most
j reliable help. £24 Bush St.; tel. Bush 516.
! ORPHETTM Employment Offlce— Japanese, (fhi-
; nose help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter; tel. Black 5072.
CHIN'KPR and Japanese Employment Office —
Best heli<f 411'£ O'Farrell st.; tel. East 42J.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
fice; all kinds heln. SIS Stockton: Main 51S8.
EMPLOYME\T WAXTED FEJIAIE.
A FTRST-CLASS Institution cook desires slt-
uatlon; refs'. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation;
second work and care of children; country;
eood refs. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st."
A FIRST-CLASS cook would like to get place
in hotel, restaurant or boarding-house; cltv or
country: cook English. French, German and
Hungarian. Call 292 Natoma st., basement.
f SITUATION wanted by middle-aged woman:
i city or country; moderate wages. Call at 510
j Third st.
WANTED— Situation by good, plain cook in
American family; wages $25. Call at US Clara
St.. between Fourth and Fifth. -
YOrXG, refined country girl, well domesti-
cated, good cook, wants position where she
can accomplish herself. Box 4667, Call offlce.
WOMAN wishes work by the day, 75c and
car fare. 40A 'Wpst Mission st.
WANTED— By lady of refinement • and excel-
lent capabilities, a position as' useful com-
panion to invalid or elderly lady, or com-
petent housekeeper where help Is kept; best
rpfprpnet-s. Box 4709, Call offlce.
j FIRST-CLASS dressmaker from New York
j wishes engagomrnt In families; beautiful
j Kowns made; satisfaction - guaranteed. 802
Geary st.
RELIABLE woman wishes work by the day;
washing, ironing, swrepinp. dressmaking or
any kind of work; $1 50 per day. Call or ad-
dress 148 Sixth St.. room 22.
WANTED— By middle-aged lady to do upstairs
work and take care of . children; references
given. Call or address 3303; Twenty-fourth.
TRAINED nurse would like to care for a lady
at her own home: all modern conveniences.
For particulars address box 4746, Call offlce.
POSITION: American woman will take care of
an Invalid or as housekeeper. 144 Silver St.,
between Third and Fourth.
DANISH girl wishes any kind of work by the
day. 1331 Fulton st.
PLAIN sewlnsr done; reasonable. 501 Leaven-
worth St., room 8.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has . been established at 1096
Valencia st. . , _ . .
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receive? at Call branch offlco. 220O Fillmore St.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED— -MALE.
STUDENT of the Lick School wishes to work
. outside of school hours for his board: experi-
ence in garden and house work. Address C.
;E. BLACK. 605 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — An experienced masseur would like
employment In some institution or take care
• of an invalid; good reference. Box 1297, Call
offlce. Oakland. ' • - ¦ :
INTERPRETER in Japanese. French and Eng-
lish would like permanent position In Police
Court.- law offlce or store. PAUL B. DITH-
LEFSEN. box. 4723. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED Japanese cook and baker
wants situation; hotel, boarding-house or prl-
' Vate family: flrst-class In every respect. Ad-
. dress E. MORIMOTO. 923 Sacramento = st.
POSITION wanted by man of '26; willing to
work; experienced In carriage "• goods. Ad-
• dress box 4898, Call office.--
MILKER, Swiss, wants work on dairy, Ameri-
can place preferred. Call at Humboldt House,
1309 Stockton st. ¦ .
ELECTRICIAN, flrst-class Inside wlreman
(non-union), wants work by the day or Job.
Address 1417 Brush st.. Oakland.
WILLING man wishes situation In a wholesale
.or retail liquor store; understands rectifying
a little; good references. Box 4741, Call offlce.
NIGHT watchman for permanent place: best of
references. Box 4855, Call offlce. _*j
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
. f inscriptions has - been established at 1098
Valencia ¦ »t. . . • ¦
EXCHANGE. ..
A DOUBLE seat tricycle; cost $300. What
-have you? Address HOLTUM, 517 California
Bt., S. F. . ¦
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
FEATHER pillows & mattresses eteftmed, reno-
vated. E.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia ;tcl.Capp 26S7.
FINANCIAL.
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. ' (inc.)— We
have 42 offices In operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds; companies Incor-
porated; stocks and bonds underwritten.' Call
or address main office. ' 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FLATS TO LET..
$2(^w6^TlT$2^3 : inTImm7^aTri2^rG7o^T^t!
one-half block from Park. : LYON & HOAG,
111 Montgomery st./t '
COLE, 7G9-771. bet. Beulah and Frederick si?.—
Fine rew sunny fiats, 7 rooms and bath;
• rent reasonable. ' ; . ¦ ' .
TO let— Elegant modern flat of 6 rooms and
bath. 726 Shrader . St., one block from the
Park; "rent "$32 50." "' '
NEW upper sunny modern flat, 5 rooms and
bath. 975 Golden Gate ave., opposite Jeffer-
son Square. \ > • . - .
COZY middle flat 4 rooms, bath and yard. 32
Shotwell st.. near Fourteenth: $17.
HANDSOMELY furnished' flat desirable part
California st. Box 4752, Call offlce. "
EDDY. • 933— Upper flat. 4 sunny, rooms: bath;
stairs carpeted; no children: fine location.
OLIVE ave., 113— 4 rooms and bath; key at
Polk and O'Farrell sts., near by; $18.
ONLY 1 left: new, sunny. 7 rooms; modern, up-
to-date, marine. view. Van Ness and Union..
$22 EG— 1243 CLAY st.; 7 rooms and bath; fine
view. - v " . .
FLATS TO LET— FURNISHED.
DESIRAELE furnishe"d flat of 6 rooms and
bath. 2418 Clay st.. near Fillmore.
DESIRABLE furnished flat of 6 rooms and
bath. 2418 Clay st.. near Flllmore. -¦-
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of 60-room house; can be seen
at 1C49 Market St.: bids will be received until
Id a. m. TUESDAY, Aug. 20. For terms, etc.,
apply 521 Market et. .
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $48 50, with No 7
a ra«ge. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE 'of- 7-room flat for sale; reason-
. ablo. Apply llSO Mission St. . '
FURNITURE "WANTED.
CAL Auction Co.. 14G2 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
Auctioneer; \V. P. Beauchamp, 3 Golden Gate
ave.; tel. Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
BEFORE selling your furinture. see Abram's
Auction House, 1105 Mission. TeL Jessie 1160.
TEL. Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos, etc. CHAS. LEVY, 1135 Market.
A. WOLLPERT. 773 Mission St.. pays highest
pries for second-hand furn'.ture: tel. Red. 1354.
.GLOVES.
D. & F. new $1 glove, retailed at factory price,
warranted; kept In repair. 121 Grant ave. ',
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Housekeeper, hotel, city $25
Housekeeper, small boarding-house, country.
$25
Head waitress, city $35
2 waitresses. Marysville, fare paid... $2<i
Waitress, Colusa. fare paid .' $20
Waitress, institution, found and washing.. $23
Waitress, Walnut Creek $20
AValtress, Monterey '• .:$25
2 waitresses, Santa Cruz $20
2 waitresses, Petaluma $20
Man and wife, waiter and waitress, country.
$»0
Waitress, State of Nevada, faTe paid $23
Waitress, Napa ......' $20
2 waitresses. Alameda *2C
Waitress, springs $20
Chambermaid to wait. Woodland .....$25
Chambermaid to wait,' Sonoma ....$20
10 waitresses, hotels and restaurants, city..
$20-530
FAMILY DEPARTMENT..-.
2 sisters or friends, place together $:'o-$20
Woman with a child^ '..$15
2 working housekeepers $15
10 places, country, fares paid $20
• C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
MKS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 15T3
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
3 more waitresses. Coronado Beach, ?25. half
country, $G; 15 waitresses, very best com-
merclai hotels, $20 and $23; 6 waitresses, city.
$20; 4 chambermaids to wait, $20
FAMILY DEPARTMENT
Second girl for country. $25; cook for first-,
class place. $30: ranch worK, Irish preferred.
$20; second girl. $20; nurse. 1 child. $20
MRS. M. E: DAY & CO 335 Geary st.
WANTED — G»rman girl for second work; easy
. place: ?25. HARBRIDGE & CO.. 323 Kearny.
WANTED— Girl for general housework; family
¦of 3; small washing:- no window * cleaning,
wages $20. Apply 2714 Stelner St.. near Broad-
way. Monday, between 10 and 11 o'clock; ref-
erences required; German or Swedish pre-
ferred.- ....
WANTED immediately, women and girls to
work on 'fruit: steady work; highest wages
paid. California Canneries Co.. 425 Bran-
nan st. \
EXPERIENCED canners for fruit: steady
work: highest wages. Apply California Can-
neries Co.. 425 Brannan st.
¦WOMEN and girls to work on fruit: both
piece and day wnrki steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORT WOOD CANNING CO..
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit;
Ftcady work at good wages. Apply »t CUT-
-TIXG BRANCH. California Fruit dinners'
Association, corner Seventh nnd Berry.-. sts.
GIRL wanted for hot'Pcwork In bakery; wages
$20. Apply New Vienna Model Bakery, 911
Larkln st. /
WANTED — German girl: must be good' cook;
r»fprences reoulred. Call bet. 19 and 12 or
5 and 6. 1640 Pine St.
WANTED— Girl' to rub shirts nnd collars and
- assist in laundry: wages $5. Standard Laun-
dry, 114 Hayes Ft.
EXPKRIEN'CED gitl for chocolate and cream
dipping. Apply nt O'BRIEN'S. 22 Sixth st.
GIRL for Vallejo. plain cook nnd housework,
3 In family: -good, wages. 1S30 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— An experienced wn'st band: only
ftryt-class need -apply. 1264 O'Farrell st.
WANTED — A clrl to do second work end wait
at table. Call In the morning. 1601 Post st.
A YOUNG, girl to assist with second work and
plain sewlnc. 1072 Ellis st. «/
EXPERI^CKD plrls wanted at bookbindery.
422 Sacramento st.
FIRST-CLASS operators; also button-hole
. makers on vests. 2S0'/s' Ninth st.
GIRL who understands German cooking and
general housework. 1440 O'Farrell st. ¦
GIRL for cooking and housework; small fam-
ily. 1810 Laguna st. .
FINISHERS and button-hole makers on cus-
tom coats: steady work. 1215 Market st.
GIRL for housework; plain cooking; small fam-
ily. 2120 Post st.
"WANTED — German girl for general housework
at 710 Haight st.
GIRL for houEev/ork and assist cooking. 522
Golden Gate ave. i
WANTED — Young, girl for general housework;
need not cook. 1S31 Eddy st. .>
WANTED— A Protestant woman for general
housework. Apply 579 Harrison Ft.
WANTED— 2 experienced waitresses; gpod sal-
. ary to right person. 20 Third st. ' ' :
WANTED— A girl to do light housework, plain
• cooking; references. S29 Golden Gate ave.
YOUNG girl for housework and plain cooking;
gooJ wages. Call bet. 8 and 12, 213 Broderlck.
GIRL for light housework; small family. 1123
, Stelnor st. -
GIRL for cooking and general housework; 2 In
family.. Apply at 1705 Gough st.
GOOD tailoress wanted at 2197 Powell st.
GIRL, wanted for light housework. ' 1445 Bu-
- .chanan st.
YOUNG girl to assist in housework. 3130 Six-
. teenthst, near Guerrero. ; . ¦- .
WANTED— Girl for housework: plain washing;
- wages $15. 1920 Sutter :st. ..•-.-.-
W ANTED — A Blrl"for general houstfwork and
cooking; four in' family^ German rtrProtest-
; ant preferred; wages $20. 2225 Pacific ave.
A GERMAN girl or middle-aged' woman: light
housework. ¦ for 2 adults; good home. Call
.Monday, ' 1124 O'Farrell - st. ¦ : « '
EXPERIENCED, operators on ladies' under-
skirts; steady work; good pay.- A, AARON.
: . 579 Ml&slon -st. •..„'.. - : "
YOUNG woman for country; cook,- wash.' . assist
¦ with general house work:, wages $10.7828 Turk.
YOUNG girl to- assist with light upstairs work;
.German preferred. 1018 Sutter, st. ; •¦¦...-
ELDERLY woman 1 . can 'find good home, small
¦wages.' for housework, country. Box 4776, Call.
WANTED— Experienced .'salesladies. : Apply at
«.j HALE BROS.. "between S and.ll'a. m.
.^^^ A ! t^^! E "^'! i !r c< '*' -'
EXPERIENCED waist hands; "good pay.
JUDA BROS.. 109 Battery »t.
NEAT girl wanted for bakery: experienced
• ' preferred. Teptonla Bakery.. 108 Ninth st.
INTELLIGENT woman with > business " traln-
, ing who can travel. Box 4903, Call office..
FIRST-CLASS button hole maker and flnUher
on vests. $12 week; steady work. 919% Howard.
WANTED — Young girl for general ; housework.
Call 405 Sutter st.
TAILORESS wanted: first-class on fine coats.
¦UP Kearny et.. room 29. ¦ .¦
EXPERIENCED operators on gents' white
shirts. 535 Valencia st.
EXPERIENCED bookfolders:also an apprentice
wanted : steady work. Bookbindery. 536 Clay.
WANTED— Women for light 'work on fruit.
1731 Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Flllmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencia st.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
MURRAY.& READY .....Phone Main 684S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
634-636 Clay st.
Office Open 7 a. m.
....SHIP R. R. MEN TO-DAY
75 teamsters Uklah Free Fare
100 laborers -. Uklah Free Fare
1 25 men to cut right of way Ukiah
Free Fare..... Wages $2 and $2 25
Camp Cook R R. Camp Free Fare
Blacksmith, R. R. camp, Uklah Free Fare
SANTA FE R. R. -
SANTA FE R. R.
250 men to work on. section, ballast, steel and
- other gangs, Stockton, Merced, Fresno and
along the .Santa Fe system.
Free Fare Wages $175 day
S. P. R. R.— 350 Men.
• ...MECHANICAL DEPARTMENT
Blacksmith R. R. Camp.'. Free Fare
Blacksmith and blacksmith's helper, same
ranch, $70 and found: 7 blacksmiths for other
places; 2 blacksmiths' helpers; doorman, shoe-
ing shop; woodworker and wheelwright, coun-
try shop, $2 50 day: carriage painter, country
shop, good job, $3 day; band sawyers, country
. planing mill, $3' day: 2 stone cutters; safe-
maker; machine blacksmith.
MINES, QUARRY, TUNNEL, ETC
3 machine miners, good plage. $S5; 5 single
hand miners, $75; 10 drillers^ $2 to $2 50 day;
15 muckers, mine.. $60 and found
5 laborers, quartz mine, north, $75; 10 labor-
ers for mine, no experience required, $45 and
found; 6 laborers, mine, surface work, Napa
Co., $40 and found; 3 laborers, southern mine.
$42 and found; 55 laborers, mines; 10 men to
unload cars of coke for mining company; 35
laborers for Quarry work
60 laborers, ditch work. Shasta Co., reduced
fare; 17 drillers. $75; 5 tunnel men. $90; 15
I laborers for other kinds of Jobs In city and
country, wages from ,$150 to $4 day.
AGRICULTURAL DEPT ...
51 farmers for steady jobs.... $25 to $35 and fd
15 ranch teamsters. $25 to $40 and found
6 men for threshing outfit $40 and found
23 orchard and vineyard hands.. $26 to $30 & fd
10 fruit pickers, fare $1 50.-. $30 and found
25 hay balers. 15c and 20c per ton, $2 day and
found :..
2 milkers, city dairy, $35; 5 milkers, coun-
try. $30 and $33 •••
Butter maker and milker. Marin County.. $30
15 choremen and choreboys, ranches- and pri-
vate. $15 to $30 and found
6 men to work on hop ranch $30 and found
» MISCELLANEOUS
Laborer that can fire boiler, factory, city....
.-. ¦;-. ...:.. $2 day
Gardener, institution $25 and found
Laborer for retail coal yard, city $2 day
Milk wagon driver: 10 stablemen, hostlers and
buggy washers. ?30 to $60; man to work In
coal yard, $20 to $23 and found
Gardener. Santa Clara County-.. $30 and found
Boy to help on exmf&'s wagon, city
10 woodchoppers, im company $1 7."> cord
HOTEL. BAKERY. ETC.. DEPTS
Cook, boat, no strike $60
3 cooks, country hotels, $40-$45; cook for
camping party: cook, family resort: 3 ranch
cooks; 3 camp cooks: 10 waiters, $30 and $35:
3 camp waiters, $30 and $20: 3 potwashers, 17
dishwashers; 8 kitchen hands; 5 porters; 3
bak-srs; 4 butchers; 10 bakers' helpers; stew-
ard: head waiter; dishwasher for officers'
mess
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
A— SPECIALS
Bookkeeper and stenographer for ranch; fore-
man for a grading camp; working foreman
• for a ranch, must understand something
about machinery.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary St.
Railroad work Railroad work
Free fare....- Free fare
For Truckee
3 stonemasons $3 to $4
10 masons' helpers $2 to $3 2o
50 laborers $1 75
For l.'klah
CO teamsters '..A ..$2
50 laborers %2
•Camp cook $oO
.."-. For Chatsworth Park
f>0 drillers and headers $2 25 to *2 ."0
10O laborers and muckers ...$2
For Cal. & N. W. Ry
SO laborers, track and steel gang $1 75 to $2
.......For Santa Fe System
F0 laborers, section work $1 75
Free fare Ship dally Free fare
10 laborers, short distance In country
.~ $3 a day and found
Free fare Free fare
3 machinists. $3 to $3 50 a day'; blacksmith,
country. $3 to 53 CO: 20 laborers for lar^e
mine, $2 to $2 50; 10 lumber pliers. 535: 2
apprentice boys fcr trunk factory; farmers,
milkers, chnrpmpn and others
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
S»2Ond cook and broiler, hotel, north. $75 and
$60. fare advanced: second cook, restaurant,
city. $70;. baker, country shop, $45; butler and
indoor servant, $30: 20 dishwashers /and ki'tch-
en hands. $30 to $25; barkeeper for Arizona,
$C0; all-round laundryman. country hotel. $35.
C. R. HANSEN ¦& CO 104 Geary st.
AT the CAL: EMPLOYMENT AGENCY.
S3 Third St.. ne.ir Call bid*. 'Phone Bush 103.
Railroad Laborers '
Uklah Ukiah
FREE FARE
SO railroad laborers Ukiah $2 per day
50 axroen and teamsters.. Uklah ?2 per day
Free fare to Bakersfleld and Fresno Divisions
SO shovelers for the Santa Fe Railroad....
..Reduced rates to Shasta and Trinity Cos..
10 tunnelmen $3 per day
10 hammersmen $2 50 per day
20 laborers $2 2.> per day
Man and wife, rr.an to handle freight and
wife housework. $".5 per month and found,
sheepherder. $25 per month and .found; por-
ter for restaurant, $35 and found.
2 FARMERS and wives. $45 and $60; cheese-
r-nksr: choreman, I20^1r.un<irympn and wive-*.
y.".O and $60: gardenrr. S.TO; 2 milkers. S30 and
J35; Scandinavian farmT, $25; sheep herder.
$25 to $30: tearrstors. $1 25 day and board ar.d
J4 day: laborers. $3 and $4 50 day, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. C23 Sacramento st.
COOK, country hotel, part fare advanced. $50;
cook and wife, country hotel. JG5: cook,
small boarding-house, J30; restaurant second
cook. J"5: baker 3nd pastry cook. $40; 3
hotel waiters, % $30 and $35: potwashcrs. dlsh-
waphpr!". b»il hoys, rlevatnr hoys and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento st.
SPECIAL meeting Monday, Aug. 19^ 1901—
'Journeymen Barbers' International Union, 32
O'F.-irrell st A. S. WRAY, president. L
., LESS Secretary.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
.Free employment. 927 Market St.. room 207.
I. LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1176.
UPHOLSTFRER wanted: must understand his
business thoroughly and be able to repair fur-
niture; single man preferred: to such a man
'. steady employment will b^> given. Address
.fcr 3 days box 4910. Call office.
LUMBER stevedores, marine firemen, sailors
• and. woodworking machine hands; non-union;
no office fees. Mechanics' Registration Bu-
reau. 410 Kearny st.. room 24.
WANTED— Active man; light, genteel work:
pays $15 to $18 per week; steady place; must
have $150 cash. 765 Market st., room 3.
COMPETENT, man in bottling deoartment of
liquor store. Address, stating experience and
' references, bcx 4660. Call.
ELDERLY \. man to take care of house and
chore around hotel. $12 month and found.
Potrero Hotel, 201 Twenty-second st.
.WANTED— Cash boys, 14 years of age and over.
Apply HALE BROS.. Inc.
WANTED — Young man who Is an experienced
delivery wrapper. Apply at HALE BROS.,
between 8 and Jl a. m.
BARBER shop — Wanted to buy. a small one
with living rooms; give particulars. Box
48S9. -Call offlce. .
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, dishwashers and
kUchen.help: good pay; no fee. 127 Mason.
NIGHT cashier wanted. Bay State Re3taurant.
. 29 Stockton 8t. ¦ ?¦ .. -
WANTED— A flrst-class bootb',ack. Langham
Hotel barber shop. 141 Ellis st.
STRONG boy wanted. Crescent Feather Co..
152 New . Montgomery st.
WANTED— A barber. for evening Saturday and
Sunday. £01 Castro st. ¦ - ¦- r ,.
DISHWASHER wanted at BRETT'S Cafe. 310
Montgomery st.: call early., ¦
GOOD bootblack wanted.'. 1S44 Turk'st.
RANCH cook .willing to do other work. Call
.' 33 Fremont st.
GOOD ; coatmaker wanted at • 2137 Powell st.
GOOD barber every afternoon and Sunday
mornings; wages $10 weekly. . 708 McAllister.
WANTED^-Man and wife, man ¦ to take care
.vines and wife cook. 18 East st.
HELP WASTE _ — MA_B-— Coa^
DISHWASHER. $15 and found. 1224 Point Lo-
bo« ave.. Inquire in kitchen (Geary cars).
WAITER wanted. 1224 Point Lobos ave., In-
quire in kitchen (Geary cars). .
FIRST waiter wanted. Park Hotel, 26 Turk
street. r _^ .
BLOCK butcher wanted. 3318 Mission st.
BARBER shop, for sale cheap. 3142 Twenty-
fourth st^ ' ' I
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weaverville. Trinity Co., Cal.; apply on
work; steady work, good board and best
wages in State. San Francisco Construction
Co.. 26 Montgomery St.. room 25. San Fran-
ci sco, Cal. '
MEN to learn barber trade: positions at $50
monthly secured after eight weeks' practice;
two years' apprenticeship saved: examinations
and diplomas given free: complete ; outfit of
tools donated: wages while learning, more
calls for our graduates than can be supplied:
call or write at once for free catalogue and
special />ffer. MOLER BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
8. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5- feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch: able to speak and read English. For
further Information apply, at the Recruiting
offlce, 40 Ellis st., San Francisco.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House P r °P rle . t ° r - 1 . s H. 1 ( !
runs Denver House. 217 Third st.; loO large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $2 per week. .
WANTED— A working engineer in manufactur-
ing establishment; one that can file saws,
look after shafting, belting, etc. : state refer-
ence and experience. Box 4903, Call offlce.
A THOUSAND men. sailors, stevedores, labor-
ers: steady employment and good wages If
work is satisfactory. Apply Lumber Deal-
ers' Association. 209 Examiner building.
WANTED — Experienced men's furnishing
goods salesman; state. age. experience and
salary expected. Apply box 4750. Call oince.
PENSION ATTORNEY~EDWARD A. BULLIS.
Past Commander Geo. H. Thomas Post No. 2.
G. A. R.. room 40. Fhelan bldg.. 806 Market.
WAXTED— Collectors en salary. Apply 993 Post
et., 8-9 a. m.. 5-6 p-- m. WM - '° r -
ELDERLY practical gardener can find steady
place; small wages; country. Box 4774. Call.
GOOD teamsters wanted. City Street Improve-
ment Co.. Seventeenth and Harrison sts.
¦WANTED— Shoemaker, - repair work; steady
man. Apply 442 Devisadero st.
OPERATORS wanted, steady work and good
wages, at HENRY HILP'S. 104-106 Battery st.
10O ORDINARY teamsters. Apply 232 Montgom -
ery at.
DINING-ROOM porter; {15 and found. 321
Grant ave.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
' price. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
TWO flrst-class cabinetmakers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM & OTTER, 681 Market Bt.
$2 PER day for 2 or 3 good solicitors. 59 Colum-
bian buUdlnr-
100 QUARRYMEN wanted. Apply 232 Mont-
gomery st. . ?
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting: 25c
to 50c. 563 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
Folsom st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition In
San Francisco Barber School. 741A Howard st.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second
hand shoes for sale; EOc up. 241 Third st.
WANTED — 50 men to room. New Cambridge,
543 Howard at.; 10c. loc and 20c per night.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes, $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket — "CO rooms. "5c night: reading rooms; free
"bus and baggage to and from ferry.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fnbsrrlntions has been established at 109S
Valencia st. -
HORSES AXD AVAGO?:S.
40 HORSES for sale: also waeons, buggies,
carte, harness. Grand Arcade Horae Market.
327 Sixth «t. : auction sales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
A BARGAIN In zood carriage, saddle, business
and road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells too cheap. 54 Eighth St.
40 HEAD of wcrfc and driving horses: 2 fast
pacers. 721 Howard st.
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
etc.. *heap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale; cheap. 532 Mission.
J CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
I Call. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1.
HOSPITALS.
KllEXTAL and nervous diseases will be cared
for at the St. Elmo Hospital, 230 Douglass
st.. San Francisco.
HOUSES TO LET.
X^P^UXT^D^HsTliOTis^s~t^Te^T^e^d~foT > c1r^
cular. G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery.
FOR RENT— Large apartment. 723 Stftter, suit-
able for professional offices or general busi-
ness: arranged to suit tenants. Apply to
ALMARIN B. PAUL, 27 Crocker building.
LOCUST ave.. 624. between Golden Gate ave.
and McAllister St.. near Laguna — 5 rooms,
I bath, basement. SIfi 50.
HOUSES TO LET — FUR.VISIIED.
TO LET — Completely well furnished house of
9 rooms, bath and laundry, four of which are
rented, paying more than half the rent. Ap-
ply at 73 South Park.
! WILLIAMS. 117. near Post— Flat of 4 rooms
ami hath. Apply 7?» Ellis st.
HOUSES WAXTED.
WELL and completely furnished house of ' 10
or 12 rooms by adult family of four; north
of California st., west of Van Ness ave. Box
4760, Call offlce.
WANTED — Young married couple wish to rent
small furnished flnt. six months or year;
must be modern. Box 4773. Call offlce.
LOST AM) FOUXD. '
LOST— Sunriay. Aug. 18, gold watch and fob.
Initials G. A. O. Finder please return to
2104 Howard and receive liberal reward. *
LOST — Mystic Shriner lapel button. Return to
629 Broedway.
LOST— Au?. 17. Fourth and Market; a female
fox teirler tag 16S; liberal reward. 3735 20th.
WHITE and black Llewellyn bitch with leather
collar. Return to 2S03 Cal. and receive reward.
FOUND— Hck; owner pay expenses and prove
property.- Call 1">53 Seventh ave.. Butchertown
LOST — Thursday afternoon, nr. Post and Kear-
ny, scarfpin. pfarl surrounded with diamonds
Liberal reward, room 23, 453 Geary st.
LOST— On Geary or Post sts.. between Polk
and Steiner. diamond; no* setting. Reward „¦»
Carl st.
PARTY who picked up stickpin on car at Ninth
and Harrison sts.. kindly return to JAS
HALE. 37 Market at.
LOST— Female pug dog. Liberal reward if
returned J .o 274 O'Farrell st.
LOST — Pass book containing checks- liberal
reward. Return to ED FKIL.-2300 Clay st.
IT will pay to "Remember" thai the Califor-
nia Watch Ca*e Co.. JIO Sutter st.. needs «>U
gold to mak» n«w watch <•****.
MATRIMOXIAt,
MARRIAGE bureauTMtTbrrMVTVeTlal^Xconr
fldential: H.°t« in c . MRS. HERTZ. 70S Ellis rt.
MATTRESSES AXD PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized* uphol-
etery; Al carpet cleaning: honest work guar-
mite«l. HOPKE BROS. 4U to 415 Powell at."
t»l. Bush 421. •
¦;___- MEDICAL.
A— DR. O'DONNELL— All who are sick and in
trouble call and consult the renowned spe-
cialist. My medicines have been used for
many years by thousands; the unfortunate
helped: relief In .all cases taken; the most
1 obstinate cases , have boen relieved by my
tr»atments: free- confidential advice on all
subjects of a delicate nature: all classes of
female complaints treated: relief to the long-
est cases. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 1013
Market st.. opn. Fifth: no branches. -
RETURNED
MRS. DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will b*> pleased to see her friends at
the old number. 1228 Market st.
HINDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
. method of treatment; maternity home: home
in confinement. 1126 Market st.. S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. ¦ 997
Market st.. corner Sixth: entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113, Market— Reliable la-
dles" specialist: a priv. home before and dur-
lng confinement: best medical care; low fees.
MRS. D. KOHL removed from Market to 410
O'Farrell at., between Taylor and Jones. •
THE WYETH Maternity Home removed from
Post to 410 O'Farrell St.; near Taylor.
3IINE3 AXD MINING.
BIG strike— The Buckeye Placer Mining Co.
have struck $20 to the pan; will sell small In-
terest for better facilities. See W. C. SHEP-
. ARD. 202 Parrott building, fifth floor.
BIISCEIXAXEOUS FOR SAL—.
BOILERS engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, now and
second band; we always have a large stock of,
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
' one floor ready made; we can ship everything
In 24 hours J NOONAN, 1017, 1019. 102L 1023
Mission St., above Sixth;- write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonographs, Gramophones, $3 to
$150; easy terms; children's toy graphophones
$1 50; 2d-hand Phonographs. Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary,
FOR sale— Stove pipe casing, 100 feet. 14-inch
single, 600 feet 10 inches double, 600 feet %\
inches double, one 14-inch steel shoe. Apply
room 10. Mills bldg.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 253-255 Spear st.
ALL kinds second-hand building material, lum-
ber, lath, brick and firewood: lowest prices.
Dolan Building Supply Co., 1611 Market st.
FOR sale— Thoroughbred great Dane pups. Ad-
dress MRS. DTCKIXSOX. cor. Caledonian
and Eastern sts.. Sausallto, Cal.
A— $3 50 DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
• lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
2ND-HAND COUPE for sale cheap: good con-
dition. Hambletonian stables. 36 Hawthorne.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes new anri second
hand. J. E. DOAK, 511 Mission St.
RED cocker male pup. 265 Parker ave.. off
Geary st.
HEADQUARTERS for trunks, bags and dress
suit cases. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellla st.
MOVING picture attachments for magic lan-
terns. $12 50. 109 Montgomery st.
TWO gasoline engines for sale, cheap: 1 4-hora»
p. Colle, 1 2^-h. p. Hercules; at 903 Kearny at.
SAFES— New and second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-4— Sacramento st.
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry; cash or install*
ments. Theo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-ha»d modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFQ. Co.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
JySCHWERDT. 821 Mission st.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold.
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 518 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers: second-hand machln-
ery. J. BURKE, 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay seal-: jeweler's st«el-
llned safe, perfect order. fl« California st.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d hand;
all sizes; guaranteed. NEWELL. 56 Blusoma.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving pto-
turea. BTJLLARD ft BRECK. 131 Post st.
MISCELtAXEOPS WANTS-
BICYCLE, girl's, condition, about $3.
Phone or mall K.. Sutro Baths.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154. 9th St.: tel. Folsom 2522.
MOXEY TO IiOAX.
Xa^mahattan'loan company.
$300,000 at 6 per cent In sums to suit. City and;
Oakland: town and country property, second
mortgages, life insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided interests in
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO.. 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT at 6 PER CENT ,
First, second and third mortgages
Undivided interest in real estate in probate....
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay .
Get my terms before doing business elsewhere
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St., room 3
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5,000,000 at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc. ; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANT proposition, any amount; 6 per cent: first.
second mortgages, estates in probate, interest
in estates, legacies, chattel mortgages; securi-
ties, manufacturing, mercantile and mining
Interests; corporation loans. R. 16, 1st floor,
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private| place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds, jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store, 946 Market
st.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
.RELIABLE corporation, established 1365. proper
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewelry,
pianos & sealskins, at lowest rate of Interest.
9 Grant ave.. near Market; tel. Black 547L
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave., near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
ON real estate. 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos -without removal: any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery st.
Advances life Insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank books
In liquidation bought. Apply 330 Montgomery.
ON real estate, 1st or 2d mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal; any amount;
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 26 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvata
party; no removal; no commission; confiden-
tial. Room 3, Conservatory bid*., 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 68.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAI* 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
?25.00O IN trust to loan at S per cent: city op
country: see me- before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 297 Parrott bulldlnar.
A— ON real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage:
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
ONE per cent on furniture: $3 a month on each
$10CO; any security. 203 Montgomery st, r. I.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
Ity. Hill, r. 41. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages; no lndorser required. S.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan building.
LOANS money on salary; no Indorser: Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bldg.
$100,COO TO loan on real estate' or for buildlngj
low rate. 222 Sansome st., room 2.
THE Tousley Company; loans ~^rd discounts.
321 Parrott building.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
Indorser. MORRELL. 609 Examiner building.
MOXEY WASTED. ~
A LADY would like to borrow"a"smai 1 : amount
of money. Address box 4769. Call offlce.
LOAN wanted — $1000 wanted. For further In-
formation aridws box 4619. Call offlce.
MUSICAL IXSTRUME XTS.
ALL pianos purchased of SHERMAN. CLAT*&
CO. may be exchanged for a new Steinway
upright or baby grand piano any time within
3 years from date of purchase, and have full
price allowed. New upright pianos. $8 per
month: some good pianos sold for S3. J4 and
*--> per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dpalers, corner Kearny and Sutter
st*., San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth St.. Oakland. -
DURING the next few weeks, while so many
people are striking, we are going to do som*
striking ourselves. We will strike oft from
20 to 30 per cent on alt piano sales during th«
month. Our regular prices are low. but the3e
special prices are so much lower that you
cannot afTord to buy elsewhere. We havs
pianos from $30 upward. THE ZENO MA.B-
VAIS MUSIC CO.. 763 Market st.
AT BEXJ. CURTAZ & SOX. 16 O'Farrell su
ll.CCO square feet of warehouse space.
250 pianos and organs to select from.
New upright pianos from $135 up>
Second-hand pianos from $T.O up.
S»econd-hand organs from $23 up.
Agents for Chickering. Vose. Sterling pianos.
Apollo, king of pianists, plays every day.
ALL highest grades sold by Heine Piano Co
sole agents for famous and oldest American,
makes, including Hallet-Davla: great bar-
gain list. \W) up; Steinway. $1S3 up- Fischer
$100: Chickering. $163; 20 ethers, rents $2 un :
great inducements to agents. 217 Geary st.
i ANY piano sold by us taken back any timo
within 3 years anc! full purchase prica al-
lowed on a new peerless Knabe at regular
price: costs you only 20c a day to buy a piano
from us. KOHLER & CHASE. 30 O'Farreti
St.: established 1830. • arreil
ONE hundred pianos; 20 different factories rep-
resented: great car loads still coming Se*
us at 933 Market St.. opposite Mason (Branch
store at S>-,1 Broadway. Oakland. The WILEY.
B. A_»LE^J CO.
ATTENTION PIANO BUYERS!
Sohmer. Byron Mauzy. Gabler, Lester Ham-
ilton and Snielman pianos In b<* had new
only at BYRON MAUZYS. 3CS. 310. 312 Post
SPECIAL sala of Hazelton and all first-class
pianos continued until August 23 : . easy terms-
t^ 1 /-™.' 83 ,. 11^? opportunity. The J. DEW-
ING CO., 12 Flooft building.
ANOTHER cleaning-out sale of storage pianos
WTT°<^.T\£Jl ce: JS lnsta "ments: »o reserve.
WILSON'S STORAGE CO.. 17CS Market St.
ELEGANT piano as good as new; standard
maKe; a sacrifice. Hornung'a. 21G McAllister.
A J. KEEFFE'S. 22 Turk St.. near Market—
Shonlnger. Schubert and Steln-way bargains.
CALLED away; forced to sacrifice; large J-
pedal upright piano. JW Turk st, near Hyda.Weather Report.
(120th Meridian-Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Aug. 18, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 56; Red Bluff, 90; Sacramento, 78;
Mount . Tamalpais,. 71; Fresno, 98; San Luis
Obispo, 76; Independence, . 86 ; Los Angeles, 80;
San Dleso, 72. .- . • . . .. - •
THE COAST RECORD.
GRAND
Miss Terwilliger. S Jos
T E Egan, N Y
Mrs E Ziler. L Ang
Mrs D Hurst. L Ang
R Thompson, Montreal
G Simmons, Placerviilc
C E Byers & w, C«l
F A -Work. Pac Grove
T H d'Estrella, N Y
J R Glffen, Sacto
F L Stevens, S Cruz
L S Jacobs & w.Oakld
H Miller & w, Oaklnd
A K Wallace, Sacto
Dr Braden & w. Mo'
W J Balfrey, Etna
W T Young. Ft Jones
Mrs Hlckson, Benlcia
J N Hawea. Napa
L Greenberg. Eureka
Miss Barkdull. Cal
R W Roberts & w, Cal
Miss Roberts. Cal
J J Sullivan. Eureka
Mrs Sullivan, Eureka
P Ryan & w. Eureka
Mrs Campbell. Eureka
Mrs Dwyer. Eureka
G J Moore & w, L A
Mrs Newton. Chicago
B Harrison & w. NT
HOTEL.
H Whltmarsh & w, LA
M O Biggs. Gridley
W L Wilson, w & c,
Ceroville
J Longshore Jr, Sacto
J Batchelder. Oroville
Mrs Price. Kansas
G A GIbbs & w. Sacto
J E^ Connelly, Ohio
R Bruce, Kansas City
E J Williams. USA
E P Barber, Ohio.
H H Pattison & wife
Miss Paulson
O E Edwards. USA
L Rankin. Bakersfleld
A Arnold, Oakdale
A M Allen. Monterey
A Heilbron. Sacto
W Ash & w. Berlin
C P Stone, Vancouver
W Durham & w, L A
J' Collins. Seattle
J E Chenery, Wash
F L Stevens, S Cruz
B Frommer, Sacto
J Templln. Reading
G Sleimmlller, Dlxon
J J Chambers, Cal '
J Turner. Salt Lake
¦YV Paul Jr. Salt Lake
PALACE HOTEL.
F M Towl. N. Y '-
H Bingham. Marysvlc
J F Lynch. Stanford
C Farnsworth. S Raf
E Squire, Cal .
C Chapman & w, Chgo
J Wertheimer & w.NY
J Laeb. S Jose .
F I Herron. L Ang
S M Newmarks, L A
R a Whitlock. Ky '¦• .
A M Wallace. L Ang
W A Glasscock. L A
J P Jones, Ky
J C Cummings. NY
G Lobby & w. N Y t
N Rosenthal & w, Cal
H Hespeler, Winnipeg 1
A Hespeler, Yukon.
Gen MacArthur. USA
Col Crowder. USA
Major Brown, US A
Capt Kernan, If S A
A W Mills, Texas
T 8 Moffatt N Y
S V. r Knapp, N Y
H Hamilton/Arizona
F Fisher & w. Conn
E E Abdill, Chicago
T F Parks. Boston
Mrs Buford, N Y
A W Kelly. NY
Mrs J C Kemp van Ee
Hodson
Master Kemp" van Eo
HodBon
P C Hedrlck, Seattle
A C Harmon, Cal .
E Everett & w. Portld
E Gutschow & wife
F E Shaw, Butte
C H Goodale, Butte
J L.Considlne Va
Mrs, Campbell. Portld
Mrs Elmendorf. Colo
W O'Brien & w, Colo
M de Vries, Stockton
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
APPROXIMATION PRIZES.
100 numbers from 94902 to 95C02 inclusive, being
50 numbers on each side of the number drawing
the capital prize of $30.CC0. $40.
100 numbers from 48798 to 48898 Inclusive, be
ing 50 numbers on each side of the number
drawing the capital prize of $SCCO, $24.
100 numbers from 676S0 to 67780 Inclusive, tw
ine EO numbers on ' each side of the number
drawing th*? capital prize of J4000, |16.
TERMINAL PRIZES.
999 numbers ending with 52. being the two last
figures of the number drawing the capital prize
of *30,000, »8.
999 numbers ending with 48.- being the two
last figures of the number drawing the second
capital prize of JSCOO, $8.
The subscriber havins supervised the single
number drawing, class "H,"' Honduras Na
tional Lottery Company, hereby certifies that
the above are. the numbers which were this
day drawn from the 100,000 placed In the wheel,
with the prizes corresponding to them. Wit
ness my hand at Puerto Cortez, ' Honduras, C.
A., this Saturday, August 10th, 1901.
GEO. W. DUPRE. Commissioner.
(Vlca Gen. W. L. Cabell. absent).
J75C0 for 50 cents, one-fourth of first prize.
United States of America, State of Louisiana.
City of New Orleans, parish of Orleans. Per
sonally came >«n'd appeared before me, Ed
ward Rightor. a notary public In and for the
parish of Orleans and State of Louisiana. John
L. Konz, 62 Emerson ave., Chicago, 111., and
F. H. Bauhman of 672 Grand ave., Chicago,
111... and being duly sworn, deposed and said
that they are the owners of one-quarter ticket
No. 1631S of the Honduras. National Lottery
Co. (La. State Lottery), which number drew
the first capital prize of 130.000 in the drawing
that took place July '13th, 1901. at Puerto Cor
tez, Honduras, and that same was paid on
presentation: F. H. BAUHMAN. J. L. KONZ.
. Sworn ta and subscribed to before me this
July 24th. W01. • EDWARD RIGHTOR.
¦ . . ' Notary Public.
$3750 for 25 cents. One-eighth of first capital
prize. State of Missouri, City of St. Louts,
July 20th, 1901.. Mr. Chas. Sachse deposes and
says that he resides at 1301 S. Broadway, City
of St. Louis, Mo.; that he is the rightful
owner of one-eighth of ticket No.' 96318, which
drew the first capital prize of thirty thousand
dollars in tlie Honduras National Lottery Com
pany (Louisiana State Lottery) drawing which
took place on Saturday. July 13th. 1901, In
Puerto Cortez. Honduras, C. A., and that he
received to-day in this- city the amount of hl8
prize in full without any deduction whatever.
CHAS. SACHSE. .
Witness FRANK PLACHEK.
Sworn and - subscribed before • me this 29th
day of July. 1901. "
HENRY J. SPAUNHORST. Notary Public.
$S0OO for $2. Whole of second capital prize.
United States of America, State of Louisi
ana. City of New Orleans, parish of Orlears.
Personally came and appeared before' me Ed
ward Rightor. a notary public In and for ..the
parish of Orleans and State of Louisiana,
Charles Klein of 4721 State St.. Chicago. 111.,
and being duly sworn dtposed and said that he
is the owner of one whole ticket. No. 7254S. of
tha Honduras National Lottery/ Company (La."
State Lottery) ; - that the said • ticket drew the
second capital prize of eight thousand, dollars
at tha • drawinsr at' Puerto Cortez, .Honduras.
July 13th. 1901. and thit- the' same was paid
on presentation. ' - CHAS. KLEIN.
Sworn to and subscribed to before me this
July 24th, 1801. V .
EDWARD RIGHTOR. Notary Public. .
J1000 for 50 cents. One-fourth of third capi
tal prize. State of Missouri, Ctty of St. Louis.
July 20th, 1901. 'Mr. G. L. Nlchelson depose*
and says that he : resides at 537 Winchester
ave.. ¦Moberly. Mo.; that he Is .the rightful
owner of one-fourth ticket of No. 5S609. which
drew the third capital prize of four thousand
dollars in the Honduras National Lottery . Co.
(La. State Lottery Co.), drawing of which
took place on ¦ Saturday. July 13th. .1901. . In
Puerto Cortez. . Honduras. . C; A:; • and ¦ that, he
received to-day In the city of St. Louis from
the authorized agent the amount/ of . hia prise
In full without any deduction whatever. • , ,
. GEO. L. ¦ NICHELSONV
¦Witness. MARK WILSON.
' Sworn and subscribed before me this 20th
dav - of July. 19fll.' - > My official • term expires
Juiy 10th, 1905. HENRY J. SPAUNHORST. . ;
-;. • • ¦ . ' - Notary Public."
Originals of foregoing- affidavits held by
president of ' Honduras National Lottery Ca.
(La. State Lottery Co.). •; - - ' ¦¦.'¦;
Temperature 7 a. m.— 52 decrees. ¦
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
Fair weather prevails in the interior of Cali
fornia. Elsewhere west of the Rocky Moun
tains the weather in srenerally cloudy an 1
threatening. Thunderstorms with-high west to
north winds have occurred over Idaho, Nevada,
Utah and. Arizona, and conditions are favor
able for their continuance over these States
to-nizht and Monday.
The pressure changes have been slight In all
districts. .
The temperature has fallen frorh,J to 10 de
grees over the Pacific slope, except, along the
coast of California. • •
Forecast made at San s Franclsco for 30 hours
ending midnight, August 19, 1901: -•
Northern . California— Fair Monday,, except
foggy along the coast in the morning and prob
ably scattered showers in the Sierras; fresh
westerly wind.' ¦ •• " ¦ " .. • •
Southern California — Fair Monday, except
foggy ftloncr the coast in the morning and scat
tered showers In the mountains; fresh west
wind. ¦
• Nevada— Generally cloudy, with occasional
thunderstorms; brisk to high west wind.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday, ex
cept foggy In the morning; fresh west wind.
G. H. WILLSOX. Local Forecast Official.
San Jcse — Fog till 11 a. m. : fruit doing well.
G. H. WILLSON,
Assistant Section Director.
[PATENT APPLIED FOR.]
Single Number, Class "H,". Drawn at
Puerto Cortex/ Honduras, C. A., Sat
urday, August IO, 1901.
No. Prize. |No. Prize. No. Prize.
37 ..' 40| 61.. 80 105 1«
373 :.-'v2i 657... 16 791... ¦*>
• 995.. 24 ' "
1015........ 16 1105 24 1118......... 80
1154..: •. 24 1155 16 1177 40
1296 -.80 1464 16 1507 SO
J509.... 24 -
1S01 .... 16 1875........ 16 2082........ 16
2146........ 16 2314 80 2479 16
2526... 24 2529 24 2765 16
3004. .:..... 40 3003 14 3108..: lb
S267.: . 80 3319........ 16 3456 16
3526 24 3661.. ...... 24 3817 ltf
3869 40 4075 24 4154 24
.4170 80 4181 4'J 4195 80
4223........ 40 4230 120 41S9 16
45U7 16 4618 ;. 16, 4771 .-4
4W3 lb 4»:J9 16 5099. .:"..... 24
5127 16 5142 120 5202 ' 16
5245 40 5271 24 '5300 80
5357 24 5398.. 40 54U7 24
5476.. • 16 5526.. 24 5535 80
£671 80 5694........ 16 5766 IS
6007..:. 24 6156... 40 6195 .... 16
6221 16 6306 80 6364 1«
6371........ 21 6420 40 6429 80
6433... / 40 6496.. 21 6604 "40
6685 40 6727 16 6917 16
6986..'...... 24 7125 40 7181 80
7190 16 7214 24 7263 24
7407 16 7451.. 16 7300 16
7697 40 7711 16 7976 21
8156 16 8202... 16 8303 .16
8305 ...16 8340 16 8892 16
9184 16 9487...' 40 9488 lu
9542 16 9559 U. 9630........ 40
9647........ 40 9712... 16 9731........ .16
9847.: 16 9856 16 9862 24
9961 .... 16 10190 40 10204........ 40
10266... 40 10361 40 10369 24
10416 16 10575 16.10650 16
10721........' 16 10809. .40 10929 40
10949.. 16 11092........ 21 11224 lb
11237........ 24 11275 40 11303 1C
11359 16 11370 120 11404 24
11423... 24 11605 24 11662 16
11663 24 11667.... .7.. 16 11721 24
11745;.. 16 11790 ...24 11810 16
11950........ 24 12036 16 12235 16
12289 24 12340..; 40 12371.. 16
12416........ 80 12607 .24 12617 16
13040.. 16 13045... 24 13082 80
13127........ 24 1S228.. 24 13258 16
13714.. 40 13733 16 13753 40
13818 ' 16 13872a...... 24 13969 • 24
13983 16 14102 24 14172 24
14208 34 14243 24 14622... 40
14645 80 14781 16 14921 24
14932. 8OU938 ;. 16 15020........ 24
15045 16 15192 40 15285 80
15293... 16 15362 • 24 15443 24
15485 16 15478 16 15612 120
15655........ 24 15721, 24 15867 16
16014 4016178 16 16605 16
16837 40 16847 80 17168 16
17183 8017219 24 17284 24
173S8 16 17400 ..... 80 17613 16
17622 24 17685 40 17718 16
17S84 24 18230 40 18232 16
18537 16 1S579 16 18669 21
18708 40 18329 16 18899 24
19015 16 19184 24 19255 SOI
1935S..". 40 19434 40 19C8S 40
20066. ........ 16 20141 24 20225 21 I
20338 16 20196 16 20514 24 j
20574 24 20730 16 20761 24
20342 16 20902.... 16 21039 .... 24 I
21138...*.... 16 21433........ 1C 21498 16!
21523........ 24 21797 16 21943........ 24,
22100 16 22528 24 22562 12u J
22623 40 22660. IS 22167 80
22672 16 22693 16 22739 16
227S9 24 22796 16 22971 IS I
23002 :. 16 23025 40 23086 16)
23193 2123313 16 23315 ¦. 16 !
23369 1«2S500 2123831 24 '
23896 18 24000 16 24118 16 i
24188 16 24265 40 24339 24!
; 24331 _ ¦ 16 24C89 812-1408 24)
24415 40 24418........ 16 24442 If.!
! 24612........ 1624667 8") 24693 16 1
•24782 24 24S00 16 24S31 21 I
24S65 16 24966. 24 24376 16 I
25018 16 25062 8)25110 40 !
23208........ 16 25*4'.. 24 25283 12) >
25140 1625583... 40 25651 24 j
25656........ 40 25752 J6I25SU IS
2JS14 - 4025815.. 16125890 16!
26055 " 40 26061 ' 16126132 IS j
26211 S'j 26233 \ 16)26548 Ifi
26550 1G 26661 24'26674 80 |
26764 16 26830.:: 16127070: 80 j
27119.... 16 27273 24 27320 15
27344 ;.-• 80 27372.... 24127545.. 40
27551 16 27619........ 16I2S079 : S'i
28175 40 28608... 40 28371........ 24
28S99.' . 24 2S038 16123004.. ...... 16
29011.. .. 16 23076........ , 24129100. ...I.-.. 4}
29232 40 23237 .... 24129336 19
29375 24 29489 ...:... .8029501 ,..120
29508 40 296?2 24 29SS0 16
29724 24 23730.. 16|29762 40 |
29809 40129947 • 40I3C003 ' 81 i
30129 16130169 24130202 80 !
30239 16I302S2 16130427 24
30431 40 30481........ 40 30495 16
S0610 16 30C35. 16 30834 10
31051........ 80 31117........ 24 31167.. IS
31241 24 31464 : 24131472.. 24
1 31S71 24131579 16131596 81 I
31605 16131654.., 16131751 18
31828 24I31&62... 16!3193O . l«
31913 . 1RI321S0 24I323M 16 I
32390 24132473 16132657 24 i
32713 16I32S40 16133115 16 I
33143 16 33171 :. 24133223 400
33415 21133485...;.... 12HJ33672 ;:. 24
33698........ 16I337S3... 16)33842 16
34C96 24134118. 120 34166 24
34280........ 40I3432S '.... 40134434 24 I
34502 16134611 16134637 24!
S4776 16 34368 16 35205 4')
35244 24 35285 40 35311 16
35357 24 35480 24 35638 16
35722 24IS5S91 "... 8.il35941 24
3G112 24*30284.... 16136303 16
36339 16136311 24IS6445.: 16
S6'»86 16(56620. ....... 16136756 £f;
36772.. 24I36S70 ..." 40137053 21
37277 ...40I372SS 16137296 4T !
37406.. ... .' 16I375S6 40|37S00 4.1 !
37661........ 16137960 24137963 21
3S143 • .16138153 21I3S245 24
3S2S3 ,4038662 24!?S959 18
39016...' 80 39067 24139306 24
29352 .'. 24S9S54...'. 40131435 "24
?PM6 40139524 16139724 "24
?9728 1HIS97!»4. ....... 16|39S0S 16
39862 41139953 16140041 81
40122.... 16140310.. > 80140517 40
40573. 24l407lfi : 41l4973i:v 41
4086S.. ...... 8O|400S5 40141040 ]G
41186 -40141287.....;.. 24141260 16
41422.. 16111364 16141617........ -21
41839 16l41S3» ¦ 80141864 40
42001 1SI1?1O8 1«|4?165 16
42275 24142701 24142756 -21
42799........ 16142807. 24 42917 16
42977 16143347 1« 433.15 24!
43470 24143762 16141941 16 ]
44123 80144170.. 40|44227 41
44237 16144241......... 80141243 ."" 40
44274 16 *• - ' , '
44412........ 1SI44436 40144596........ 40
446S8 40144847 16144915 SO
44964 40145094 4<l!4SO<W. ....... 24!
4M07... 24I4R27S.: lrt|4:"2T7 24
45319.. .:.... 80145477 ?4|45:OO 16
4.-.-0? 40I4W13... 24I4S65H...:.... 16
45933 40146030 SOI4Wlo6 16
4(5210. ... ' 16146228 1RI46309 "18
4R364 *Ol4fi47S.. 16I4BW2 .... 1«
46056 21147100 24U7227 16
473R2 401473'W : 40147RX0.. '..'...¦. 40
47(M1fl 24147623 .... 16147652 16
47701 80I477P3.. 8OI477SR ; is
47776 41147798........ 8nM7,«70........ 80'
48060 16148083 4OI4S2I4 40
4K239........ 16I482SR 24I4S358 16
48444 * 24I48K09 1SI48R48 24
48726 40 14SMS... :...'. 8000149214... '..... 24
4"376 .... 40149421 16149453 40
40647........ 40149675.: 16!40f>08 16
49(582 16130029 40150050 40
5C102 ifi'SOnn 24150148 16
60193 ' -24150358. ....... 1BI5O401 40
SO4O4 16150525 24150637.. 16
61148 ...• lfil511Sfl.. ...... 16I.M311 40
514X2 ..--16151562 '¦• 24151577 1000
B1635.. ...... "¦¦•80151688 18151781 24
B1858.... ....-' 16152155 16IR2232 gn
B2319.. .;.... 40I-.2414... 80152464 40
S2471 16152526 40l?2535 24
B2547.. . 24IS2739. 24I5277S ..40
62831.. 16152992 ."; 18153003........ -16
53187 24153337 .... 24153401..:..... 16
S3465.. ...;.. 16IMS02 2H53568. .;..... 24
53653 24153878 24153736 -16
53816 40153897 24133961. ...;... 24
63990 16153996 16I54012: 80
54224........ 16154244 .16154351 -16
54371 40154409........ 16154508. ....... 80
64570........V' 24154580. ....... 16154700 24
54714........ 40154779........ 16154782 .16
54832 80154874 .." JSOl.MSM.. 40
65196........ 16IR5331........ 24155459 ,16
55629. 24165773.. 21155849........ 24
5S851 ...." 4fllRBJ!6O........ 80155889 .16
65964 .-. 16156020.. 16156191.... ',16
R6242.. 40IS624R... '. 16I5R455.. ........ . 16
66533 24166602... 40 1 56fi21. :......"•" 24
56647......... 16156650........ • 40156670.....:.:.' '. 40
R6676. ....... 24IS6R10... 24157093..^.... 16
57431...;.... 40157581....:... 24lK7550..fe... 24
57603 .... • 161576.07....:... ::.16lR7701......... 21
57881........ 80IB7982... i 24158094. ........ *n
58216........ 16153226 : 16158261........ • 16
5*455. ....... 40IKR492.. 24'B8782.. ..:.'.. 24
68827 .1658912.. 16159014. 40
69164......:. • 16t59173........ 16159266........; 80
59298 1SIR94S2. ....... 16I59R46.. ...... 24
69802........ ;. 16139619. f. 24|n9657........ 16
69777 ;..'£ 24159997... 16160236.. 24
60334........ ¦ 16160388 1«I6OF.3S. ....... 80
60848. 40160862.......: 120160874........ > 24
60940........ 24161068 16161080 2t
613R2. .....:.. 80161369........ ' 40 I 61556... -16
61721........ 16161806........ .40161828........' 24
61923. .:..::. 80162004. ....... 16:62029 24
62047:....... 16162144. 24I62184. ,40
62283 24I62454.. ...... 16I62580 ,40
62670.......'. 16I62731. :...... .16162852........ ¦'. 16
62961..: ' 24163343... ; 80163703. 16
63754......... 40163795..;..... 16I637M.. 16
63831........: 401640S4. ....... 120164107........ 24
64189:. ...... :'. 40164269........ 16164337. 120
64402::...... V 24164417........ 40164423. Si)
64R14........ '16164518..: 120I64S36 400
64629... V.;... 16KU6S6... -...'.; 16164784......;. 24
61806........ 16I64913.. ...:.. 120165129........ 16
65156.'....... 24i65182. ....... 40165241.. 15
NUMBERS
OF THE
Honduras National Lottery Co.
(LOUISIANA STATE LOTTERY,)
No. : Prise. No. ' Prize. No.*. Prize.
85270......... 16 65322 .... 80 65448.. 18
65452. 80 65466 24 65635 8')
65659 80 65750.; 16 65887 ¦• 24
65*102;*. 40 65905.- 24 65920........ 16
65995 24 66021 120 66124 18
601S1.. 40 66314.. 16 66335 18
€6497 16 66735 80 66741 16
6CS66. ....... '40 668S8 -24 66896 40
67079;....... 1667177 40 67252 15
673S3.. ...... 1667411 I 16 67454 18
67534 16 67730 4000 67743 24
67940 16 67980 16 67987 40
67992.. 16 6S040 16 68250........ 24
68350 ¦ 80 68405...... ..\. 40 68434..; 24
6S518 120 6S599 A 16 68785 IS
69046. 1669108.; 24 69137 .. 1«
6-J244 40 69389 -40 69591 15
69666 120 69919 16 70071 40
70140.' 16 70258........ 16 70306 16
70058 24 70418 16 70459 .40
705S5 16 70655 16 70855 40
70S70 16 70040 16 70988 24
71047 24 71063 16 71121 16
71133........ 24 71234 16 71349 24
71400.... ...„ 16 71166 40 71627 '.. 40
71643 2471672... 400 71977 ..• 16
72029 24 72167 '. 16 72214 24
72355 24 72433 ' 40 72713. 24
72716 .... 16 72727........ 16 72734 24
72812 16 72816 24 72856 80
72923 2\ 73145.. 16 73167 40
7318S 16 73197.. 24 73223........ SI
73250.. 16 73293 24 73664 40
736S3 40 73717 80 73764 16
7:826 1674332 24 7442S 24
74443 16 74562... 24 74674 16
74703.....'... 16 74861 16 75044 16
75058 24 75086 H 16 75104 4»
75126 24 75250 3 16 75301 34
75396 16 75426 16 75694 24
75756 16 75786... 40 75883 ' 16
76160 80 76239 16 76512 ¥>
76647 24 76761 24 76775 1«'
76814... 40 76871 16 76916 1«
76991 16 77026 16 77035 24
77115 ., 40 77162 40 77196 16
77208 - 24 77233 120 77256 18
77262..\..... 16 77283 16 77588 16
77609 24 77918.... i 16 77952 120
78033 SO 7S281 16 78301 16
78447 24 78477 24 78765 40
78807 120 78915........ 16 79042........ 40
79078. 16 79088 40 79122 '. 16
79131 16 79158 16 79167 24
791SS 16
79250 40 79267 24 79277 16
79303 16 79500 '16 79600 400
79660 80 79741 24 79S67 24
79951 16 80170 24 80196 16
80264 -. 16 80281 16 80327 120
80451 40 80508 24 S0524 40
80607 24 80631 80 80648 16
806S0.: 80 80S08 40 81049 IS
81093 24 81248 16 81267 ' 24
81372.. 24 81412 24181463 24
81492 16 81528... 24|81549 80
S1604 24 S165S 16 81657 16
81747. 16 81522 16 81S41 16
82015 16S2C33 24 82138 24
82476 24 82530 40 S2580 IS
S27SO 16 82924 24182935 40
82941 80 83046 16 83284 IS
83313 16 83347 16 83381 16
83430 16 83437 80 83444 16
83563.. 16 83660 24 83699 40
83744 16 83865 16 83394 120
8411?.... 8084267- 40 84417 40
84460 16 84490r. 80 84506 21
84707 16 84711 16 847S4 16
84836 16 84856 2000 84878 / 16
16 85024 40185074 21
85171 24 S51S8 16IS5226 24
85303 16 85335 24185374 24
85449 16 854S1 40185572 16
85660 16 85732 16J85741 16
85747 40185857 24I85SS1 16
8M15.... 16185918 16185983 18
SC022r. 16|86116 16 86122 16
SC152 120 86465 40 86919 80
86059..-. 24 87131 80 87148........ 4i>
87170 24 87361 80 87376 .. 80
S7431 40 87502 16 87550 1«
.87641 16 87648 16 87649 16
87656 40 87675 24187683 24
87719 16 87749 16187765 21
87S26... 24 87912 24187933 -24
8S017 40 88051 16JS3071 16
8S0S6 40 88280... 24188337 24
8S413 80 88452 16183470 .... 24
8S532 40188581 24IS8673 16
! SS735 16ISS771 15188809 16
I 8SS15 16189215 16189231 16
89258.. 40IS3262 161S9266 IS
89302 S0IS9374 40IS9614 IS
i S9648 16189634... 24|897S3 16
i89890 40i83343 24|9C023 lii
I S0110.. ...... 24 90248 16190231 16
j 90452 16190498 16| . .
9C£04 24190961 24190964 "IS
91012 16191274 "40191408. 4-1
91556 16191903 16191911 40
j 91922 16192001 16 92184.. 24
92215 40192268... 16 922«> 15
! 92279 24192283 16192309 1C
j S2S34 80192(546 16192813, Iff
I 9312S 16193180 : 40193295 40
¦ 9?447 24193600 16193619 4'»
134319........ 24194100 8194317 16
94401...:.... 40 94409 24 94463... SO
! 944S9 1201945^0 80 94533 49
: 94552 16I9479S 16 94952 30000
195142 40195209 16 95466 16
j 95331 40 95661 24 95708 40
95725 169-ST4 80 96008.. ". IS
'96022 40196024 40 96080 40
|86345 24195372 24 96407 16
36429 16193743 40 9BSB1 2J
196933 16|S6943.. Jfi|971fi2 .— 40
j 97180.. ; 40197234.: '16I972S9 16
9729S; 16197444 40|97o*S 16
P7590 24197718 24197770 16
97780 16I97384 16I9788S. 24
97941.. 400197996 40198)17 24
pgOSl 41I983S0 ?4l9*»12 21
98469 2419858? 24I9S701 100ft
98717 •. 24I9R744 .... 24lt87S3 24
9S865 1«|99fl72 40193076 IS
991S5.. 80109169 41199210 Ifi
! ?9W>.. ...... 24lO«WU 120199331 IS
P9?97. ....,.'. . 24l9<MS4 1KI99650 16
J 99785... .r... 18|99887 16[
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY; AUGUST 19, 1901.
9
6TATIONS.
a
OJ "
I-
¦ ¦ t
Astcrla 30.06 60 52 NW Cloudy 0
Baker 29.84 72.68 NE . Pt Cldy 1'
Carson 29.80 84 50 W Clear Y
Eureka 30.00 56 CO Nff Clear 0
Fresno 29.74 1P2 70 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 30.00 76 46 E Pt Cldy 0
Pocatello, Idaho... 29. S8 76 60 E Cloudy 01
Independence 29.82 SS 60 N Pt Cldy 0
Los Anseles 29.86 80 62 W ¦ Clear 0
Phoenix 29.74 100 76 N Pt Cldy T
Portland 29.92 76 58 NW Clear- 0
Red Blurt 19.74 90 66 SE Clear 0
Roseburg 29. 92. 76 54 NW Cloudy 0
Sacramento — :...29.&0 7S 64 S ¦ Clear 0-
Salt Lake 29.80 78 66 SK Pt Cldy .C2
San Francisco 29.94 56 60 SW Cloudy 0
San Luis Oblspo...29.94 76 56 W Clear 0
San Diezo .29. S8 72 64 W Clear 0
Seattle 29.94 76 50 W Clear- 0
Spokane 29.78 86 60 SW Pt Cldy 0
Neah Bay 46
Walla. Walla 29. 72 '92 70 SE Pt Cldy 6
Winnemucca 29.80 78 56 NW Cloudy .06
Yuma... 29.68 100 72 SW Clear 0
¦ • s s
ox »3
STATIONS* - r3?3 ¦
: 3 i 3
05
¦a 2-
n
r
ian Jose Tfi ,*G
Clear
N
¦ • s s
ox »3
STATIONS* - r3?3 ¦
: 3 i 3
05
¦a 2-
n
r
ian Jose Tfi ,*G
Clear
N
6TATIONS.
a
OJ "
I-
¦ ¦ t
Astcrla 30.06 60 52 NW Cloudy 0
Baker 29.84 72.68 NE . Pt Cldy 1'
Carson 29.80 84 50 W Clear Y
Eureka 30.00 56 CO Nff Clear 0
Fresno 29.74 1P2 70 NW Clear 0
Flagstaff 30.00 76 46 E Pt Cldy 0
Pocatello, Idaho... 29. S8 76 60 E Cloudy 01
Independence 29.82 SS 60 N Pt Cldy 0
Los Anseles 29.86 80 62 W ¦ Clear 0
Phoenix 29.74 100 76 N Pt Cldy T
Portland 29.92 76 58 NW Clear- 0
Red Blurt 19.74 90 66 SE Clear 0
Roseburg 29. 92. 76 54 NW Cloudy 0
Sacramento — :...29.&0 7S 64 S ¦ Clear 0-
Salt Lake 29.80 78 66 SK Pt Cldy .C2
San Francisco 29.94 56 60 SW Cloudy 0
San Luis Oblspo...29.94 76 56 W Clear 0
San Diezo .29. S8 72 64 W Clear 0
Seattle 29.94 76 50 W Clear- 0
Spokane 29.78 86 60 SW Pt Cldy 0
Neah Bay 46
Walla. Walla 29. 72 '92 70 SE Pt Cldy 6
Winnemucca 29.80 78 56 NW Cloudy .06
Yuma... 29.68 100 72 SW Clear 0
THE Crock* r, 913 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
B^? G t AI ?i : ''"Proved & unimproved property
acquhed by foreclosure; \i cash. Bank of Ala.
6-ROOM cottage now building at 1381 Weber et
?".^- changed to ruit purchaser. J. H.
YOUNG, builder. 1243 Park st., Alameda.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BERKELEY ADfERTISEMNTS.
NOTICE— We are responsible for our photo
contracts and coupons as they are printed;
positively no verbal asrreemtns with- agents
accepted. GLOBE Portrait Co.. 3 Taylor st.
SPECIAL I NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-10. tel. 55S0.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated: con-
sultation free. American Dispensary, 514 Pine.
Catarrh positively cured with Chicago Medica-
tor; trial free; send for circular.' 935 Mkt, r. 8.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged ; re-
pairing; lowest rates; phone Mint 45. .145 Sixth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged: re-
pairing; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
AUCTION SALES
GRAND AUCTION SALE.
4O.Fine Road Horses.
SPLENDID CARRIAGES, BUGGIES. CARTS,
PHAETONS. SULKIES. HARNESS. '
BOOTS. ETC
By order executors Moses Hopkins Estate.
This consignment includes stallions, gelding*
and mares by such sires as SUvar Bow Z:\&.
Eros 2:25, Grandissimo 2:23%. El Benton 2:23,
Pilot Prince. Mountain King, Hawthorne,
Moses S. Director Wilkes. Socrates, etc.. out
of excellent mares; all broken single and doubt*
and their, ages range from 4 to 8 years. Ther»
are also several fine saddle horses amonj them.
This is a rare opportunity for business and
livery men to purchase first-class horses,
vehicles and harness at their «¦"• ~-tce. On»
vehicle cost $1SOO and K, _.* aame cost
11000. All vehicles and harness nearly new.
Sale takes place
THURSDAY. AUGUST 29. 1301. at 11 a. m.. i
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE. \
721-723 HOWARD ST. I
WILLIAM G. LAYNG. Auctioneer. •
Stock at yard August 20. Catalogue* ready.
• AT AUCTION.
I will sell the entire stock of Horses. Surreys,
Wagons. Carts and Harness of the stables at
1140 Folsom St.. Tuesday. Aug 20, 11 a. m. S.
WATKINS. Auctioneer. -
WATCH OUT!
W. P. BEAUCHAMP. auctioneer. offlc» 3
Golden Gate ave.. tel. Jessie 126. Grand auction
sale of high-class furniture Friday. August 23.
In house. Particulars In Wednesday's papers.
W. P. BEAUCHAMP.
AUCTION
AUCTION
AUCTION
CHOICE— BERKELEY— PROPERTY
Do not rail to attend the grand special sale
or residence property in Berkeley, on v .
fcaturday Afternoon 3 O'clock Sharp,
AueuEt U. 190J.
On the Premises.
An opportunity of a lifetime to secure pretty
well built cottages at your own price. There
are also 50 fine bulldines lots.
Take 2 o'clock boat and train to Dwight way
station.
Property lies between Ward and Derby Bts.
and Telegraph and Shattuck aves.
<-»et a catalogue from
EASTON. EIDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St., S. F.,
Or 2523 Shattuck ave., Berkeley.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
SLOT MACHINES.
TWO roulettes, only 175 each, cost $250. 1167
Market, bet.- 7th and 8th;. other machines.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. 840 Mis-
sion St.: tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
STORAGE AXD WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.,
office Post and Powell st».; tel. Main 5713.
BERKELEY HOMES FOR SALE.
A nice 5-room cottage, near cars, $2250.
Also a good 6-rocm cottage, near cars and
University. $2600. ¦ s.
Bought on easy terms; a first-class 7-room
house; new; in choice location; $3750.
MAY & MORTIMER,
2123 Center St., Berkeley. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.-
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2320 Fillmore St.; phone Jackson 281.
BEKINS Van and Storase Co., 722 Mission St. :
tel. Main- 1840; shipping at cut rates.
and devoted father of Ella 'and May Ma-
thena. a native of Ohio, aged 49 years • 2
months and 6 days. . >' ..
. E7"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at • 1 o'clock, from Olivet Pres-
•- byterian Church.. Mississippi street, between
Nineteenth and Twentieth, where services
will be held. Interment at Modesto, Cal.,
Wednesday, August 21, at 10 a. m.
MARTINELLI— In this city, August 18, 1901,
Annie C. beloved wife of Jeremiah F. Mar-
tinelll, daughter of Annie and . the late
Thomas Gllfeather, and beloved vsister of
Mrs. D. F. Crowell and, William and Thomas
Gllfeather, a native of San • Mateo Countyl
Cal., aged 26 years 8 months and 27 days.
(Petaluma papers please copy.). ¦ ¦
(T^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resl-
' dence. 261 Perry street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a Requiem high mass will -be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com
mertcing at • o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. • .
O'BRIEN-In triis city, August 17, 1901, John,
beloved husband of Bridget O'Brien, and
father of Thomas O'Brien, a native of Ire-
land, aged 51 years. - - -
(CThe funeral will take place . to-dav
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the funeral
. parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
QUINLAN— In this city, August IS, 1901, Ella
J., beloved wife of Thomas F. Quinlan, and
mother of ¦ Florence E. Quinlan, a native of
Grass Valley, Cal.
RENCUREL— In Altrurla. Cal.. Aujrust 16.
3901, Marie Rencurel (nee Lenormand), be-
loved wife of the late Auguste Rencurel.
and beloved mother of Bertha L. and Au-
gustine Rencurel. a native of. France, aged
.49 years 2 months and 14 days.
ST!T Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Co-day
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 166 Fourteenth street, corner Howard,
. thence, to the French Church of Notre Dame
des Vlctoires, where services will be held.
SAMBRAILO— In this city,' August IS, 1901,
Marie B. Sambrailo, beloved daughter of
John M. and Emma Sambrailo. a native of
Ean Francisco, aged 4 months and 26 days.
STUAR/T— In this city. August 17. 1S01. Lottie,
beloved wife of William J. Stuart, mother of
William Stuart, and daughter of Horace
Dexter, a native of San Francisco, aged 33
years. • . . 1 .
(C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited- to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg*y.
TYPEWRITERS AND SUPPLIES. 9
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS— We
sell better machines for less money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 94 (twelve
and one-half cents per share) of the Hutch-
Jnson Sugar Plantation Co. will be payable
at the office of the company. 327 Market st.
on and after Tuesday, August 20, 1901. Trans-
fer books closed Tuesday. Aujruyt 13. 1901. at
3 o'clock p. m. H. W. THOMAS, Sec.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DISSOLUTION OP PARTNERSHIP.
THOMAS A. PETTUS,
August 17, 1901.
THE partnership existing between JAMES
CAMPBELL and THOMAS A. PETTUS, un-
•der the firm name of Campbell & Pettus, is
hereby dissolved by mutual consent on this
date. All existing contracts will be completed
by the firm. Signed:
JAMES CAMPBELL.
HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. K. BARNARD.
111S Broadway; teleohone Main 10.
SPECIAL BARGAINS,
REAL SNAPS.
Call and See These Fine New Houses.
J3250— New home of 7 rooms, bath and laundry:
luwt completed: close in town.
$4000— New house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
sold; fine location.
$4500— New house 8 rooms and bath; on a fine
residence street.
Also a number of qew homes in course of con-
struction.
A. J. SNTDER,
• 467 Ninth Bt.. Oakland.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. $60: anti-trust;
all makes: used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
Exclusive Agents for This Property,
$ino DOWN" and about $15 per month." Includ-
ing interest f plain but comfortable house of
7 rooms, bath, hall, sliding doors, front
porch and basement; very sunny all day and
In good condition: insured for |800; nice little
barn, driveway and garden: city water in
bouse and barn; a forced sale on account of
owaer'a departure for the East; total price
only $10W on Installments; liberal discount
for a quick cash sale; street work all done:
near San Pablo ave. and local trains to San
Francisco: title perfect and guaranteed: bank
mortgage; investigate at once.
1008 Broad way, Oakland.
OAKLAND HEAL ESTATE.
OFFICE — 1118 BKOADWAY.
OAKLAND FL'RXITURE FOU SALK.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellhaas, the
furniture dealer, 11th and Franklfn, Oakland.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
ij-urT_r>_r-^- tJ r.^ J r>^L J -LrTj-tr^ ' — - - -***^
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
k - : - Steamers leave Broadway
W \ Wharf. San Francisco:
¦SW^, For Alaskan port3— 11 a. m.,
|3Ejj!Qa-: every fifth day. Change to
K9?CStak " company's steamers at Seattle.
tekftZroir^ For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
; tfgVSB C). Port Townsend, Seattle.
! EHEmMORI Tacoma, Everett. Anacortss
i / *nd New Whatcom (Wash.)—
11 a. m.. every fifth day.
Change at Seattle for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.;
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka and Humboldt Bay— 1:30 p. m.
every fifth day.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles)— Steamer Santa Rosa, Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California, Wednesdays, »
a. m.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crna.
Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucos. Port Harford
(Pan Luis Obispo), Gavtota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura. Hueneme. East San Pedro. San Pedro
and 'Newport ("Corona only)— Steamer Corona,
Saturdays, 3 a. o.; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays.
9 a. m.
For Ensenada, Magdalfna Bay, San Jose del.
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.) — 10 a. m.. 7th' each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to changs
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing
without r>ri»vion« notice. •
TICKET OFPICE-4 New Montgomery*
«,treet fPalaee H'rtelV
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Oen. Agents. •
10 Market st.. San Francisco^
O. J?l St N. CO,
Only Stenmnhlp Xjln* *<=» ".
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rat! Line from Portland to atl
rctntfi Ennt. Throufth ticket* to aJt
* point*, all riiH *¦• KtsnmsMn n«H rail, a)
liOTTUST H-jfVrUS.
STEAMEE TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH »ai KXAM.
ES. COLUMBIA
Sails Aug. 1. 11. tL 31. Sept. 19. 29. It
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Aug. 6. 1«. 2*. Sept. S. IS. SS
P.W. HITCHCOCK. GEM. AKt^l Montgmfy. 9.V.
AMERICAN LINE.
MBV TO&X. SOUTH *M*T0W. LOTDOW. PASTS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Pt Paul .....August Sf St. .Paul Sept. IS
St. Louis Sept. * St. Louts ;..Sept. 23
Philadelphia... Sept. 11 Philadelphia ....Oct. t
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwera.
From New York "Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Zeeland August 21 Kensington Sept. Vt
Frles'.and ....August 28 Zeeland Sept 23
Southward Sept. 4 Friesland Oct. 2
Vaderland Sept. 11
*Stop at. Cherbourg, east bound.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION" CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. '
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISBA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF, COR-.
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of Falllns. V.
SS. HONGKONG MARU
.V Wednesday, September 4. 1331
SS NIPPON MARU. .Friday. September 27. 190t
SS. AMERICA MAUU
¦Wednesday. October 23. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's office,
421 Market street, corner First.'
W. H. AVERY. General Agent.
S. S. MARIPOSA. for Honolulu only
Saturday, August 31, 2 p. m.
S. S. SONOMA (via Honolulu), for Samoa,
¦New Zealand and Australia
Thursday. August 22. 10 a. m.
S. S. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. September 11. ID a. m.
J. D. SPSEKELS & BEOS. 50. , Bsserai Agantx. 327 tfartet St
Een'I Passings." OSes, 643 Uarkst St., fat ko. 7. Pacrfis St
PANAMA R. R, 5 S l?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIREST.
Cabin. ¥105: Steerage, W; Meah Free. .
S. S. Argyll sail « , Aug.
5. S. Ltelnnaw «aIN . , Aug.
6. S. Argyll sol's , Sept.
From Howard *treet at 2 p. m. *
Freight and pavsenger office. 330 Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUO AMERICANA U3 VAPOSEjS
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10, 12 m.
GUATEMALA.. Aug. — 1COLOMBIA ....Sept It
PALENA Aug. SllTUCAPEL Sept. 23
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
(No change at Acapulco or Panama). Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOUR. GUTHRIE A CO.. Gen. Agentl.
'i
C0XPAGNI3 eENSBU.5 TRANSATLANTICS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. ..-.^
Sailing every Thursday, instead of *#ff|Bt»
Saturday, at 10 a. m., from pie.- 42. ¦¦VtwrgK
North Kiver. loot of Morton street. I/» Nor-
mandle. August 22; La-Bretagne, August 29;
La Champagne. September 5: *La Savote, Sep- j
tember 12. '. •
"^ First class to Havre. $70 and upward. Second
class to Havre. 143 and upward. GENERAL.
AGENCY FOR UXITKD STATES? and CAN-
ADA. 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. . J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast
Atrer.ts. 5 Montgomery avenu<*. San Francisco.*
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw KxpreR!" Steamer".
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS
FOR " 0. S..-HAYY YAM. AND YALLEJO.
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
9:43 a. m.. 3:15 and 8:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. 9:45 a. m., 8:30 p. m. Leaves
Vallejo -7 a. m., 12:3>) noon. S p. m.. excapt
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. 4:15 p. m. Far» 60
rents. Teleohone Main IMS. Landing and of-
nce. pt»r ». MtmHnn-»t. rt'x-k. HATCH BROS -
Weak Meniand "Women
SHOULD USB DAMIANA BITTERS. THB
great Mexican .remedy; gives health and
•trength to sexual organ*. Depot. 223 Market.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping, three,
$12< three, $20; three, $14; also single. $5.
ROOJIS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BELL. The. 1773 Market — Sunny housekeeping
suites of 2 rooms. J10 up; others, $6; with
FOLSOM. 863 — A large sunny bedroom with
kitchen adjoining and yard.
HOWARD, 650 — A front room and kitchen fur-
nished for housekeeping.
HOWARD. 513— Housekeeping rooms, ?5. $6 and
J7 per month; also single and double, 70c up.
FULTON. 1206. near Scott — 3 sunny unfur-
nished housekeeping rooms; bath; laundry,
reference.
FOURTH, 437H— Fine X housekeeping rooms,
suites or otherwise, from $10 up.
LARGE unfurnished, also furnished, on first
floor; large ground?. Apply 620 Folsom s>t.
LILY' ave., 10S — Large front sunny room for
housekeeping.
MINNA. 28— Three sunny furnished front
housekeeping rooms and other. rooms.
A— Newly— Furnished— Private— Residence,
332 O'Farrell St
Parlor suite, suitable for Physician or Denl-
Ist; Other suites and singles from J10 up; rer.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 148 Sixth-Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; Jl 2o to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night.
AROTLE. 234 McAllister— New, elegant, sunny;
grill attached; country visitors find no place
like the Argvl*; take McAllisu-r-st. cars.
CLIFFORD. 204 EIUp. cor. Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
ELLIS. 70»-Nice sunny room; use parlor and
piano; J8 per month. ¦
FIFTH. 11» second flat— Furnished rooms, sin-
gle and double, from Jl 25.
Jl 10 . WEEK— Large sunny furnished room;
closet; bath. Call by 8 p. m. at S34 Folsom st.
FIFTH, 264— Large, well-furnished front room;
closet'; bath; 1 or 2 young men; cheap^
GEARY, 405. The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
eultes and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 5S4. below Jones— Handsomely fur-
nished front suite: also single rooms; bath
and phone: new flat.
HTDE. 1414 — t unfurnished rooms, parlor floor;
also 3 rooms In lower floor; sun all day.
HERMANN, 626, near ¦ Flllmore— Large sunny
rooms for 1 or. 2 gentlemen.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan), 24 Turk
et near Market— Central location; new build-
ing; elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
60c per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month: best in the city; references;
take Market-st. cable cars to Turk Et.
MISSION. niV/i. near Thirteenth— 2 sunny^fur-
ntahefl rooms.
MINNA. 911%— Two single furnished rooms,
large and sunny; $5 and J7.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. Jl per week; transient.
MARTINET 1101 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms J10 up.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights; day.' week, mo.
BUTTER. 3C3— Changed hands; rooms $1 SO a
week up. '-
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
HOYAL House. 32« EU1«— Incandescent light;
i-radlnc- room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor- rooms, per nisht. 35c to Jl 60; week, J2 to
«• 'month. JR to J20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
OXFORD 271 O'Farrell — Furnished front suite
and Fingle rooms. » week up; transient.
TWELFTH, 111— Large sunny • well furnished
room: phone; bath, eto^ :- . '
TURK 54S— Nice single room for young man
wl th bath : private ; $1 25 per week.
THF CECILENE. 830 Van Ness ave. ' ,
Bachelors' apartments: elegantly furnished;
j all sunny rooms: references. «
THE BERLIN. 238 Kearny— Elegant Fultes;
single roomS:. -running water: • transient.
TO refined lady, nicely furnished sunny room;
private family; references; $8. Box 4916. Call.
n AfiEIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
receUed at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch of flee. 2200 Flllmore st.
16 v I The Greatest I $100
PAGES. v ILLUSTRATED PAP2R A YEAR,
' ' ¦• ' • bF TKE WE8T-THE ; . ' ' mmi ,
WEEKL-V GALL.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
•' (Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
# .Telephone South SO.
Mt. Olfvet Cemetery,
San Mateo County.
OFFICE 916 MARKET 6TRBET.
>, - J. HENDERSON. Manager.
McAVOY <fc CO.. ' |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
1239 Market St.. between 8th and 9th. I
•' . - ' Telephone South 247. ' ¦-¦¦¦ ¦'-¦, |
Eugene. McGinn. -' ./ McGINN BROS.
' Funeral Directors and Embalmers. ¦
. - ,31 EDDT STREET. . .: .
. Telephone, South 252. - . < San Francisco.
' No C#nnectlgn_With_Any_Other House.'
CREMATION.
The Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association
*: . Point Lobos ave. ,S. F.. Cal. . ¦ ¦
, The ordinance prohibiting .burials In San
Francisco after. the first day of August 190L
does not refer to CREMATION.' Neither does
lit affect the COLUMBARIUM, because there Is
nothing less harmful to the living • than th*
ashes of their dead. ,' :¦¦¦-- - ' . . ¦.;•;
- Permits ¦ to cremate - will ¦ be ' Issued bjr ¦ th»
Board of Health the eame as heretofore.
GEORGE U. FLETCHER. Manager, £;
MTSICAL^nfSTRUMEVTS — Con.
"fa AXD ur^ard— Fine uprights. PIERCE'S
Piano Factory. Market. 14th and Church Bts.
LEFT en eale. ?9S mahogany case Fischer up^
ripht piar.n. Room 3S. 217 Geary st.
7~fPnCIAL for this week— 5400 piano for $273.
BRUENN. SOS Post 6t.
ELEGANT new upright pianos for rent. $3 per
mo. PCOTT-CURTAZ Piano Co.. 560 Hayes.
5l*PERI°R violins, zither*, old and new. H
MT'LLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
j,Tfivff>V. $200: Hartman. S100; elegant new
piano?. ?150 up. W. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
GOOD second-hand upright for sale cheap.
PCHMITZ. 16 McAllister Et.
A FINE upright piano for sale cheap. 837 Mc-
AHiEfr ft.
OFFICES AIVD STORES TO LET.
jS^FOLK st.. 1615. near Sacramento; a"largT
Hprt store, with livlnc-rooms: one of the
brt: locations in the Western Addition
FHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO. 2W-^0
Mr>ntSTomery 6t. " "
rfo l«>t -Furnished office; one of the best fur-
r.if^d and most desirable offices In the city
Fultnbie for real estate, insurance or anv
y;Tr.:lar business; Bound floor. Box 43C2. Call.
PACIFIC. 32S, near Sansome— Handsome large
ytore. very cheap, to good tenant.
OIL.
OIL tanks, second-hand, in good order: all
f-7.e«: cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st
paiImistry.
5'RS~LAMB?^de^
reading; lessons given. 617 Jones st.
PAIXTERS AXD nECORATOKS.
Rooms papered (3 50 up: tinting & whitening*
Hartmann Paint Co., 319 Third: tel. Red 3521.
PERSOXALS.
A - 1F r^ 0U £ halr ls f "^ n * °t 3'ou are~bald call
on DR G. S. MOORE. 332 OTarrell st and
you will not be disappointed; this remedy is
positively guaranteed ; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
$1— Solid oak chair: factory price.
S2— Enaraelbeds. all eize«. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey» Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light in every room-Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 700 rooms;
I5c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bu« and baggage to and from the ferry.
tl WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. 515 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
gant overcoats. $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
FREE trial — Superfluous halr permanently re-
moved; new method; harmless: lady In at-
tendance. S35 Market, r. 5; sample mailed, 25c.
WHITE enamel Iron bed*, single, three-quarter
or double. 12 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1Z10-1312 Stockton ft., near Broadway.
FTELLA VIRGO— Send address where Capriu
cornus can write to.
LADT specialist — Face and scalp; treat ladles
at their homes. Box 489«, Call office.
FACE massage. We: a new and scientific treat-
raent: done at 121 Mason st. F. A. ZIRKEL.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure: 25c: all druggists.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna: restores gray
hair to its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS halr «nd moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Sutter st.
TAILOR-MADE putts, J7 50; flress pants. 12 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bush and Dupont.
OLD gold, silx'er. diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market St.
MASQUERADE costume*, play books. wi«:
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
* I'UYSICIA.\S AXD SCRGEOXS.
DR. C. C. O' DO NN ELL— Office and residence.
1021^ Market st.. between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
treats all diseases of the banian body: see
testimonials at office, ltt-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG "WOO. herb doctor: eanitarium.
764-766 Clay St.; see testimonials at office.
PLAMXG AXD TURXIXG MILLS.
WOOD and Ivory Turning, Planing. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont nt.
IlEAX, ESTATE CITY FOR SALES.
E^SToTJT^LiDRiiDGE^COn
638 Market Street.
AUCTION-.
AUCTION.
AUCTION, m
TUESDAY Aupist 20, 1301
At 12 o'clock noon.
AT OCR SALESROOM. «*8 MARKET ST.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCES.
North side (Nos. 1620-1622) Fulton st. 156:3
feet west of Lyon et.: 2 modern up-to-date
houses of 9 rooms and bath and high base-
ment each: substantially built and In fine con-
dition; rents J9C0 per annum; etreet bltumlnlzed
and ceir.ent walk; let 50xl37:« feet.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
South side (Nos. 839-941) Oak et.. 156:3 feet
•*•«« of Pierce st.; 2 modern flats of 5-6 rooms
and bath each; rents for $570 per annum; lot
:Cxl27:6 feet.
PAnnC-ST. BUTLDI1CG LOTS.
South tide of Pacific et.. 165 feet west of
Taylor st.; 4 fine lots, graded and ready for
building; desirable location for stores and flats;
lots £8:10^x137:6 feet.
HAKRISON-ST. INVESTMENT.
Ncrthwert side (Nos. 1110-1112) Harrison St.,
J5 feet southwest of Seventh St.; 2 new mod-
ern fiats o-t rooms and bath each; only 1 year
old; rents JElO per annum; lot 25x80 feet.
POST-ST. RESIDENCE.
, South Bifie (No. 17GS) Post St.. 118:6 feet east
Webster et.; substantial well-built bay-
house of 9 rooms and bath; sun. and
ilgfat In every room; lot 24x114:6 feet.
x TTESTERN ADDITION BUILDING LOTS.
Xorth side of Fulton et., 206 feet west of
Lyoa st.; 2 fine building lots, short distance
from Golden Gate 'Park; side sewered; ga« and
water connection to each lot; street bltumln-
lred; cement Eidewalk; lot 23x137 :« each.
SACRAMENTO-ST. COTTAGE.
South side (No. 32C5) Sacramento St., 100 feet
east cf Central ave.; cottage 3 rooms; rents $S
a month; lot 25x127 :S>4 feet.
MISSION COTTAGE.
Eart eide (No. 821) Hampshire st.. 21S feet
•outh of Twentieth st.; good cottage of 4
rooms and high basement; rents $12 a month;
lot 25x100 feet.
MISSION -INVESTMENT.
East side of Andover st. and west side oi
Moultrie ave., 60 feet south of Union ave.: 4
lots ready for building; lots 25x70 feet each.
EXCELSIOR HOMESTEAD LOT.
North eide of Persia ave., 83:6 feet east of
Mlssion-et. cars;. lot 25x100.
EAETON ELDRIDGE & CO..
C3S Market Street.
GREAT barsrain-$5300. worth J7000; 2942 Clay
et.. near 1st ave.: beautifully finished house,
* rcoTns. bath, batsement, enclosed porch, i
tollew finest plumbing; perfect condition;
large eunny lot. 29x127:8: bltumlnired street
rontracted/for; terms same as rent; open for
inspection. JOSEPH NA6H. 11 Montgomery
street^
jf.voo— TERMS to suit; handsomely decorated
eutniy 10-room residence; substantially built,
f.n'shed by day work; every possible latest
i lmpts.; heatere. registers. 6 basins; plate and
trt glass windows; marine and park view:
choicest of any near panhandle: large lot,
16:6x53x100; Fulton St., near Shrader: Hayes
or McAllister cars; open from 1 to 5 p. m.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
tnd west of Hyde an far as Pre»idlo and In
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Homer's Addition, who want to cell, call on
W. J. GUNN. £30 California St.. S. F. fcav-
ings Union building-
EIX. seven and eight room cottages: also two
flat houses in block between 17th. 18th. Castro
eni Noe ets.; U cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: Caxtro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. MX-
SON. builder.
BARGAIN— House and lot for sale; lot 25x112.
Inquire at 22 Oak Grove ave.
REAL ESTATE COCXTRY-— For Sale
FOR rent, eale or trad* — One of the best stock
end grain or hay ranches in Lake County of
'£& acres; 200 more or less level land; In grass
ar.d grain; 4 barns that will hold 500 tons;
(rood 7- room house; fenced and cross- fenced;
ell Implements: plenty water; email orchard;
horses and few cattle. Call at HENNINGS
BROS.. Sixth and Alice -sts.. Oakland.
t2000— 412-ACRE etock ranch. Lake County, on
county road; 60 acres alfalfa land, balance
good pasture; mostly fenced: 6-room house,
ban, orchard; well watered with springs.
C. F. MOORE. 835 Market St.. room 6.
NOTICE TO ACTIVE MEN— Agents wanted at
once in all parts of California, Washington
and Oregon to handle a large body of cheap
land; quick action; good commission. For
full particulars address box 47M. Call office.
4!i ACRES level land near San Mateo: rich
foil; small Improvements. Apply 207 Church
et.. oear Market: call at S p. m.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale; write for
/Jree list. C. R. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
1 CHOICE farm bargains: call or 6end for list.
WooBter. Wbitton A Montgomery. 634 Market.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, eent to any addre** in th*
United States or Canada one year for }L
MARKET, 1802— Modern house; furniture new;
gas grates; running water; all outside rooms;
gentlemen preferred ; references. -
MARKET. 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms for
hkpg.: $10; also rooms for transient; baths.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nished rooms. 12 a week up; 35c a day up.
LARKIN. 817»4— Nicely furnished front room;
sunny corner: reasonable.
BACHELOR Hotel, 18 Mason St.— 100 newly
furnished rooms, tl 50 per week up; elevator,
electric lights in every room, return call bells,
first-class, quiet, central.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1364)— Fur-
nished rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CALIFORNIA. 1607— Front furnished room,
suitable for 1 or 2; closet; gas; reasonable.
ASTOR Hotel. Powell and Clay— New house;
newly furn.; home for gents; grill attached.
AT Shasta House, 245 Third— 200 rooms; newly
remrvated; 25c to 75c, $1 to $3 week. '
DIED.
Bartlett. Domitilla Levy, Samuel
Bernstein. Julius Lloyd, James
Colbert. Mary A. - Mathena. Rev. Eber
Curley, Patrick G., D.D.
Dement. Olive M. Martinelll, Annie C.
Derak. Alice O'Brien, John
Farrell. Thomas F. Quinlan. E!la J. <
Gallagher, Patrick Rencurel. Marie •
Gregg, John \V. ' Sambrailo, Marie B.
Hooker. William Stuart, Lottie
BARTLETT — In this city, August 16, 1901,
Domitilla, beloved wife of Joseph L. Bart-
lett. and. sister of Mrs. Mamie Beeman, Mrs.
Mol|l3 Williams and Matt Oreamano, a na-
tive cf California, aped 42 years and 5
months.
(t^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at ? o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, ISO Hartford street, thence to the
Chutch of the Most Holy Redeemer, Hartford
street, where a requiem hl«rh mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencinc at I»:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
BERNSTEIN— In this city. August 18. 1901.
Julius Bernstein, beloved husband of Esther
Bernstein, father of David, Clara, Freddie,
Joseph, Helen and Isaac Bernstein, • and
brother of Louis Bernstein, a native of Gene-
sen, Germany, , aged 50 years 5 months and 27
days.
COLBERT— In this city, August 18. 1901, at her
residence, 450 Third street, Mary A., be-
loved wife of the late John H. Colbert, be-
loved mother of James K. and William T.
Golbert ana Mrs. W. Borkhelm. and sister
of Mrs. J. Langtroy and Edward and Ben-
jamin Hall, a native of New Orleans, La.,
aged 52 years 10 months and 27 days.
E^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funsral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Craig & Cochran Company. 52 and 5R
Mint avenue. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
CURLEY— In this city, August IS. 1901. Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Mary Curley, and
father of Mary ¦ and Annie Curley, Mrs.
James Coakley, Mrs. W. J. Cummlnga and
the late Thomas Curley, a native of County
Galway, Ireland, aged 65 years. »_
[CTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 220 Willow avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
bouI p.t 10 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, i ¦ .¦
DEMENT— In Walla Walla. Wash.. August 18.
1901. Olive M., beloved daughter of Frank S.
and Pet Dement, aged 17 years.
DERAK— In this city, Aufaist 17, 1901, Alice.
j beloved wife of Harry Derak, a native of
Nevada City, Cal., aged 24 years 5 months
and 10 days. ¦ ',
FARRELL-:-In this city. August • 17. 1901,
Thomas F., beloved husband of Margaret
Farrell, beloved son of the late John and
Mary A. Farrell. brother of ,the late Mrs. Maria
Kennedy and Mrs. Annie Dunne, and uncle
of John F. and Thomas E. Kennedy and
John and Emily Dunne, a native of New
York, aeed 46 years and 5 months. A mem-
ber of Varnishers' and Polishers' Union No.
134. B. of P-. P- an d D- of A.
gb^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, thence to St. Patrick's Church, where
a requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul at 9:30 o'clock.- Interment-
St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland, by 11 o'clock
- creek boat.
GALLAGHER— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. August 17. 1301. Patrick Gallagher, a
nativo of Ireland, aged ' 45 years.
GREGG— In Oakland, August 17. -1901. John
W. Gregg, a native of New York State, aged
71 years. -
HOOKER— In this city, August 18, 1901, Wil-
liam, beloved oon of Mrs. Jane Hooker, and
brother of Mrs. Elizabeth Buckingham, Mrs.'
M. J. Osborn, Frank Hooper and . Mrs. Anna
Gale, a native of England, aged 48 years and
.1 day. - - :- •; .
LEVY— In thi«i city, August 16. 1901, Samuel
Levy, beloved husband of Salamlthe Levy,
and father of John C. and Isidor Levy, a
native of Alsace, aged 75 years 4 months and
28 days. " . " •'¦'-'¦
C^TFuneral • to-day .(Monday), at 10:15
o'clock, from the funeral 1 parlors of Porter
& White, 122 Eddy street. Services and in-
terment private. .
LLOYD— In this city, August 18, 1901, James,
dearly beloved son of .Mrs.' Frances Lloyd
and of the late William Lloyd, and brother
of William Lloyd and of the late John Lloyd,
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 4
months and 6 days. : ' ..:.. -.- ;¦-¦;. ' .
MATHENA— In this city, August 18, '1901,. at
hl3 residence, 333' Mississippi street, near
Eighteenth. Rev., Eber G. Mathena, . D.D..
dearly beloved husband of Stella F. Mathena.
OAK, 119 — 2 front basement rooms furnished
for housekeeping; clean; 2 beds; yard; $10.
POLK. 1002—3 and S room suites, completely
famished for housekeeping; {15 up; reference.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore st.
TURK. 625— Solar flats; fine; new; Chicago
style; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
unfurn. and furnished; electricity; Janitor.
BIRTHS— MARRI&GES- DEATHS.
BOR2J,
BOYLE— In this city, to the wife of Thomas
J. Boyle, a daughter.
McCLAUGHRY— In this city. August 15, 1901.
to the wife of Hull McClaughry, a daughter.
ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL— 821 Grant ave.— Best »1 a
day family botel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 60c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for Pommel Slickers, Depot Quar-
termaster'8 office, 36 New Montgomery St.,
San Francisco, Cal., August* 16, 1901.— Sealed
proposals, in triplicate, will be received at
this office until 10 o'clock a. in., Tuesday,
August 27, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Yellow Oilskin
Pommel Slickers. Fish brand or equal. Bids
will be opened for the delivery of the same
articles at either the San Francisco, Boston,
Chicago and Philadelphia Depots, and are for
the same for which bids will be opened at
the other depots. To avoid all possible mis-
understanding as to the exact nature of the
slickers to be supplied, bidders will carefully
examine sample slicker at this depot, as un-
der no circumstances slickers inferior thereto'
will be accepted. 'Unguaranteed bids, and
bids for delivery at other points than those
designated herein, will under no circumstances
be entertained. Proposals for less quantities
than advertised for will be entertained. Early
deliveries are essential, and bidders must
etate in their proposal the rate and time of
deliveries, should contract be awarded to
them. Preference will be given to articles of
domestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality being equal (In-
cluding in the price of foreign production and
manufacture the duty thereon), and such pref-
erence will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Pacific Coast, to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there. The
United States reserves the right to accept" or
reject any or all proposals or any part there-
of. Information and blanks for proposals will
be furnished on application. Envelopes con-
taining proposals will be indorsed,^'Proposals
No. 7571," and addressed to MAJOR OSCAK
F. LONG. Quartermaster U. S. Army, Depoc
Quartermaster.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 . Sutter— Newly furnished;
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
CALIFORNIA, 807— Stevenson mansion; select
family hotel -.exceptional table ;attractive rms.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Elegant parlo* suites; all
conv. ; 3 or 4 gentlemen: best table board. ':Trapper's Oil cures rheu:natism and neuralgia.
Druggists. 50c flask. Richards & Co.. 406 Clay. . *
Thieves smashed a hole in the p'.ate glass
show window of the store of J. A.-Splnk.
1147 Market street, some- 1 time yesterday
morning, and stole from the showcase
eight revolvers. •' Detectives Harry Rey
nolds and T. Ryan are working on,, the
case. ¦ They believe it to have been\the
work of . somebody who .wanted theire
volvers only, as a lot of 'other valuable
property within reach was untouched.
Made Raid on the Revolvers.
Verus cures piles or $50 reward. All up
to-date druggists ?«>11 nnd cuarantee It. •
•' John Knox. the millwright, who was
struck by a Mission street car at Fourth
and Mission streets Saturday night and
had his skull fractured, died, at the Re
ceiving Hospital .yesterday morning and
the bdtty was removed to the Morgue'.
Knox lived at 506 Twentieth street, and
until the strike was employed at the RIs
don Iron Works. He was an unmarried
man, about 40 years of age. H. R. Dietel,
the motorman. who was arrested on a
charge of battery., will now be charged
with manslaughter. -.
Knox's Iniuries Fatal. >
It needs more than the simple "say so"
to skip gracefully from the legitimate to
the vaudeville stage, easy as the step
seems to be. Vaudeville has its geniuses
as particular and imperative as any re
quired on the legitimate stage, and r.oi
by^any means to be regarded with the
condescension usually bestowed upon its
every feature (save the financial) by the
legitimists. Last night Louise Thorndyke
Bouclcault. she of the v.-:ilowy form and
blonde frowze, who couldn't and who
wouldn't ever, ever, ever enter vaude
ville, made her debut therein at the Or
pheum. neither to the particular advan
tage of the bill or her own reputation.
Mrs. Bouclcault is concerned in the pro
duction of a little comedy by Augustus
Thomas, "A Proper Impropriety," that is
bad or good according to its handling. It
fell pretty fiat last night, though Her
bert Pattee, Mrs. Boucicault's support,
worked overtime in his desire to liven
things up. The star herself, is out of ber
element. There is no'time in a twenty
minute turn for serpentine posings, whore
the American Bernhardt is at her best,
and snap, vim, salt, 'go, are all lacking
in., her performance. She has not the
patois, accent, pitch of the variety stage,
andjis even wanting in voice to filPthe
large hall.
But the Orpheum bill -was extra fine,
even despite the comparative failure of
one turn, and also In spite of the fact
that the other debut of the evening did
not come off. Miss Katherine Germaine,
Senorita Salvinl. the celebrated Spanish
dancer; Annie Morris, coon shouter: Kala
cratus, the novelty . juggler, and - Tone In
poses plastlques-is. the Olympia ; pro
gramme this -week. ; ' '
¦The twelfth prand*, division will Include
all the mounted commanderies,' Right Em
inent Sir R. P. Hurlbut of California act
ing as^chief marshal, and Eminent Sir A.
F. GUflllan as chief of staff, v
The' men will march In doublV '¦ sections,
twelve files front, and the carriages will
be three abreast. >» ¦ >
Clairp Fex. Juvenile song and dance ar
tist; .Reynard V the ventriloquist; Irving
Jones in new songs and a series: of new
moving pictures.' - ' '
The tenth grand division will be com
posed of "West". Virginia, Colorado, North
Carolina." South Dakota. Oregon. "Wash
ington, Montana.' Wyoming. North Dako
ta, Arizona, Florida and Indian Territory.
The chief, marshal will be Right Eminent
Sir John 'K. F.Steele, grand commander
of West Virginia, and Right Eminent Sir
Z: T.Walrond of Indian Territory will be
chief of staff. ,',
The 'Louisville Knights. Templar have
assurances that Rear Admiral Schley will
come to Louisville long enough to par
ticipate in the parade, reports from
Washington to the contrary notwith
standing, and a special. place of honor in
this division has . been •. reserved for the
naval officer. ¦ -. .
The seventh grand division will be com
posed of California, Tennessee, Wisconsin,
New Jersey and Georgia." Right Eminent
Sir George Butterfield McKee. grand
commander of 'California, will be chief
marshal, and Eminent Sir JohnTonning
sen chief of staff.
Twelve grand divisions, exclusive of the
special escort of honor to the officers and
members of the grand encampment," will
form the parade. • Pennsylvania, Illinois,
Indiana and the'Dlstrict of Columbia will
have enough "..'sword's" 'in line to form
grand divisions composed exclusively of
Knights from those States.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., Aug. 18.— Major
John H. Leathers, who will be grand mar
shal of the parade -which will begin the
festivities of the triennial conclave of the
Knights Templar In Louisville, Issued to
day his final general orders to every
grand and subordinate commandery in the
United States, outlining the formation of
the pageant.
The American Bernhardt
Appears Somewhat
at'.' Sea.
Admiral Schley Says He
Will Participate in
Parade. %
This in itself is well worth careful
perusal, as it - takes one back . Into . the
mythical period antedating- Chinese his
tory, and is compiled in an attractiveness
of style and particularity of detail which
holds the reader's interest throughout.
Following this the book tells what the
company offer3 the j public in passenger
equipment, and describes the pronounced
features of the scenery along the route.
There is a very interesting article regard
ing the Custer battle-ground and the
Sioux uprising.
The book is ' profusely illustrated with
fine half-tones and phototypes. This, to
gether with a very accurate map of the
Yellowstone Park, is sent out by the com
pany gratis on receipt of application and
6 cents for postage. ¦'
Many have doubtless been curious about
the peculiar trademark adopted by the
Northern Pacific Company. In fact, its of
ficers and attaches have been so frequent
ly asked regardingMt that the passenger
department has seen fit to gratify thi3
natural. curiosity, and to accomplish this
about one-fifth of the company's booklet
is devoted to the elucidation of the theme.
In advertising the excellence of its ser
vice and the . resources of the country
through which its line passes the North
ern Pacific Railway Company has issued
for general distribution a pamphlet enti
tled "Wonderland," which is far superior
to the general run of railroad literature.
"Wonderland.
TEMPLARS PLAN
GRAND PAGEANT
take up its journey to bring happiness nnd
comfort to those into whose hands it may
fall.
PAGE OF "SUNSHINE LETTER 1 ' THAT HAS BEEN jj VISITING - BED
SIDES OF INVALIDS IN VARIOUS PARTS OF THE WORLD AND
HAS FINALLY REACHED A SAN FRANCISCO SICK ROOM.
The new bill which, opens at the Chutes
to-day, includes Hayes Brothers,'Austral
ia's premier, comedians and dancers: Mile.
Jeanctte- and: her- performing cockatoos;
the- Gagnouxs, artistic Jugglers; Little
-Fannie Raymond, ballad singer, Ca
melia and Amelita. Spanish dancers; Paul
La Croix, juggler; Coleman and Maxio.
sharpshooters ¦ extraordinary; Wren and
linden;- sketch artists, and- the -La -Mont
Juvenile Company with its half- dozen; of
clever youngsters, is the very good bill at
Fischer's this week.- . • .
. : ¦ -.. ¦-.--. , -.»--•¦¦'•• \ . - - - . . . •
"Mon^and Women," Belasco and De
Mille's powerful play, and the' first ap
pearance of Miss Annette Marshall, the
new leading lady, is the double attraction
of this week's till at the Central Theater.
She appears as Agnes Rodman, and the
rest of the cast Includes . Robert Cum
mings, Howard Scott. James Corrigan and
Edwin T.\" Emery. Juliet ; Crosby ; and
Georgie Woodthorpe.
• ¦ . • ¦ •-¦»'.. .....-•-.-
The management of the Alcazar Theater
has decided to keep Miss Charlotte Thomp T
son's play "Silver Mounted Harness" ,ori
the bill for another 'week. . The ' interest
created by^the play has been" much out of
the common, though net at all of friendly
character, and the week will no 'doubt see
the Alcazar still crowded 'by the curious.
The allegorical flower tiance that rests the
third act is quite worth while, being beau
tiful and original. ¦•¦/••'.
-..,-¦ «. * * ¦ u~:. .-;..' "- w
Leo Trevor's charming three-act com
edy "Brother Officers" will succeed '"The
Liars", at the Grand Opera-house this
evening.. On Ihursday evening next a
handsome souvenir photograph of Mary
Van Buren will be given to each lady
present. Miss Van Buren ls x -cast as
Baronens Roydenln "Brother • Officers,"
and 'Mr. Frawley will be Lieutenant John
Hinds.' the part f-o" favorably presented
last-year by Henry Miller.
S ¦• .-.' '. '¦' \v :K * v. .' * '; •.--.-•¦ ;
"Lady Huntwcrth's . Experiment:" the
three-act corned v .by R. C. Carton, that
was the bill at Daly's Theater, New York,
for 120 nights last season, will have its
first performance in San Francisco at the
Columbia this evening. Those interpreting
it will be members of Daniel Frohman's
company, better known as the 1 Lyceum
Theater Company. Miss Hilda Spong will
portray the principal part in the comedy.
Lady Huntworth. .The company -;ncludes
Grant Stewart, Arthur Forrest, William
Courtenay,,. William F. Owen, Jameson
Lee Finney. Beatrice Morgan, Alison
Skipworth, Mrs. Thomas Whiffen and oth
ers. ¦;}¦» ii-.
• ? ?
The Tivoli's bis bill of the season Is on
th<s week, the "Meflstofele" of Boito, a
beautiful and reldom heard opera. It is
the Tivoli's first production of ."Meflsto
felo," and every effort for its satisfactory
presentation- is being made by the man
agement. The principals of the cast, who
count these parts among their best work,
are Dado, the basso, who will sing the
name role; AerosUni. the new favorite in
tenors, who will be Faust, and Montanari.
who sings the Marguerite.. The opera will
receive an unusually elaborate mounting,
for which there Is much opportunity of
fered by the Boito creation. "Meflstofele"
will be given on Tuesday and the alter
nating nights. On Monday evening Ros
sini's sparkling opera 'The Barber of Se
ville" will be presented, with Ferrari in
the title role, that he does perhaps better
than anything else in his repertoire, Russo
as the young cnllant. Repetto-as Roslna
and ' Nicolinl. The operas begin : punctu
ally at 8 o'clock be it remembered.
¦ ¦ .-¦ v"-. - • ' * • • ¦ ¦¦ ' ''/¦'•¦
Interest in the war drama does not
seem to wane, judging by the audience
which greeted the second production this
season of "Barbara. Freltchle" Ry the
James Neill company last night ' at the
California Theater. 'Every available seat
was taken and each climax, particularly
at the ends of the second and third acts,
caused numerous curtain calls. As be
fore Barbara was played by Edyth Chap
man and Captain Trumbwll by James
Neill. Donald Bowles made the most of
the ungrateful part of Jack Negly.
••'•••¦*. . • . . • ¦
the handsome comic opera queen, failed
to make her appearance, owing : to a late
train, but will positively be on the bill
to-night. Dick Jose, the cherubic tenor,
however, proved a very popular substi
tute, and set the large house stamping
good-naturedly to his lilting tunes. The
Four Otts, with a bright skit by Joe
Hart, "The Smart Set," scored a strong
success, and among other newcomers the
clever Cragg family of acrobats proved a
very enjoyable addition. Lefebre and his
saxophone quartet gave much pleasure;
Hill and Silviany repeated their hair-rais
ing bicycle and unicycle act, and Charles
H. Bradshaw and company and Remarc
and Rilay in two strong acts complete
the bill. -I . .
MRS. BOUCICAULT
IN VAUDEVILLE
of the Sunshine Society in Colorado. . Mrs.
Knapp penned the letter during her stay
abroad and faithfully described the many
points of interest she visited, illustrating
her letter with many engravings. "Uncle
Dan." when he received the valued letter,
which by the way had to be mailed in a
packing "case instead of an envelope, was
so delighted with it and derived so much
pleasure and entertainment from It, that
he begged to have It malted to others in
•the same helpless and hapless position as
himself. Uncle. Dan's request was grant -
/ ¦ ' ¦
THE celebrated Sunshine letter,
that has brought comfort and
pleasure to so many invalids, has
been received in this city. Mrs.
Hudnall, of 3629 Twenty-third
street. Is the last one to be made happy
by the celebrated epistle. The wonder
ful letter covers the entire side of a
strip of^paper that is 6% yards long. It
was written more than a year ago by
Mrs. Joseph Falrchlld Knapp, State pres
ident of the New York Sunshine Society,
and addressed to "Uncle Dan;" a' pTotege
BERLIN. Aug. IS.— The Lokal Anzelger,
reviving- the report that the German Gov
ernment imends to establish a colontul
army of volunteers, declares that Count
von Waldersee has been consulted, and
that the project will be carried out soon.
Will Establish a Volunteer Army.
The next month or so will see many
changes la the personnel of the Southern
Pacific Company's executive staff. Pres
ident Hays had just about surrounded
himself with men of his own selection and
everything looked lovely for a continu
ous run of five years at $65,000 a year
with never a thought of politics.. 'Now
comes a change in the land. The execu
tive positions of the future will without
doubt be held by men friendly to H. E.
Huntingdon,- and every incumbent who
fails to meet with favor in the nephew's
eves must hunt a job elsewhere. These
changes will take place and until they are
made there will be considerable nervous
tension in local railroad circles.
When the rumor of Hays' resignation,
by its refusal to be silenced, began to re
ceive the consideration of officials whose
right to the yellow jacket ctapends on
presidential sunshine, there" was consid
erable uneasiness all down the line. It
was the uneasiness of suspense, a sort of
hanging in the air which would have to
continue until the suspended one had dis
covered a safe alighting place. The Call
has shown them how the land lies, and
some of them started yesterday on the
¦work cf digging trenches and building
fences in preparation for the new state of
affairs. 7. :.: V7 *
Samuel Morse Felton; though not known
personally to the local railroad family,
is well known by reputation. His per
sonality has been felt wherever he has
governed and the fame of . it has long
eincs reached San Francisco in a general
sort of way.
Although rumors of the resignation of
President Hays from the Southern Pa
cific Railroad have . been freely circu
lated during the last two months the an
nouncement of the name of his successor
made exclusively yesterday in The Call,
caused a big stir in railroad circles.-
£ Captains Brown and JCernan are Major
General MacArthur's aids, and Lieutenant
Colonel Qulnten was in command of the
troops sent- to China durim? the trouble at
Pektng. The men of the Fourteenth were
the first foreign troops to enter the walled
city. ' * ¦ V -
The Sheridan has about forty sick
aboard, but none of them are seriously ill.
Lieutenant Jackson of the Third Cavalry
and Lieutenant Parson of the Fourth Cav
alry were on the sick list during the voy
age.-but. were able to be about -when the
transport docked. M4lllC<
Of the .thirty-nine prisoners ten are
civilians sent here to serve sentences for
minor offenses, and the others are soldiers
who were court-martialed for. breaches of
discipline. Those who came over in the
Sheridan's cabin are the following name*
Lieutenant Colonel William Quenten, flBp
tainsC. H. -Martin and L. S. Sorley,
F. E. Eltonhead. Captain A. Hasbro, Captains
J. R. 21. Taylor. J. C. F. Tllaon.. Goves, •¦ A.
Mann, H. G. Leonard, . George McD. I Weeks
and Joseph Franzler; Lieutenants Joseph
Gohn, W. A. Burnslde. Glllam. W. S. Sin
clair, James Hanson, L. S. Cabell, Joseph L.
Gllbrlth, S. K. Major -Jr., Charles N. Murphy,
L. McL. Hamilton, F. S. L.. Price and James
Regan Jr.; Captain W. E. Cralghill, Lieuten
ant F. W. AUstaelter, Lieutenant Colonel W.
P. Vose, Colonel C. P. Miller. Brigadier Gen
eral T. A. Barry, Colonel R. W. Leonard,
Captain 'B. B. Hyer, -Captain F. N. Corcoran,
Captain H. Pattls-on, Major P. C. Fauntleroy.
Captain W. G. Worrilon, Captain Thomas
Swobe, Major T. P. Case, Captains G.- Le R.
Irwln, Ernest Hinds. K. W. Walker. O. Ed
wards, L. M. Fuller, H. G. Purlnton and W.
S. McBrown; First Lieutenant Reuben Smith.
Captain T. R. Ellis, Lieutenants A. L. Kees-
Un«r, F. A. Sale and Abbott; Captains J. S.
Greenwalt and F. ,W. Newton. Lieutenant J.
C. Hixson, Surgeon Musgrave, Captain W. J.
Snow, Lieutenants W. . C. Tremalns and John
W. Healy. Alva R. Hall, Leopold Thum, C.
M. Candon, W. N. Falls, E. J. Williams and
H. S. Greenleaf, Captains S. P. Lyon and
John E. Woodward, Porter S. Ballou, Lieuten
ants Hal Sayr, E. H. Harterett, H. L. New
bold, J. G. Hannah, H. G. Paterson and John
E. Murphy; L. J. Thomas, A. G. ' Hauton,
John Blow, V. W. Anderson. L.' C. Worthing
ton. Lieutenant L. Parsons, -William H. Mor
ton, Lieutenants R. S. . Jackson and GeorRe
Goodrich, E. H. Morse, Captain F. W. Eck
ers, Mrs. W. P. Vose. Mrs. C. P. Miller. Mrs
Barry Mrs. B. J3. Hyer and child. Miss Barry.
Mrs. Corcoran, Mrs. Pattlson and daughter.
Mrs. L. S. Sorley and child, Mrs. Worrilon.
Mrs. Rwobe, Mrs. Purlnton, Mrs. Sinclair,
Mrs. Musgrave, Miss Katina Wright, Miss
Burns, Mrs. Seaton Norman. Mrs. W. O. Cress.
Miss Cress. Master Cress, Mrs. Hill, Mrs. C.
H. Martin and child.
From Yokohama— Major General Arthur Mac-
Arthur, '. Lieutenant Colonel E. H. Crowder.'
Captain R. C. Brown, Captain F. J. Kernan.
Klrst Lieutenant E. - H. Barber. Professor
Plehn and wife, W. C. Finley and Mrs. R. C.
IJrown.
The Sheridan brought over from the
Philippines and Japan 1244 soldiers and
civilians in the steerage, 12 stowaways, 39
prisoners and 113 cabin passengers. Of the
Steerage passengers 7S2 are men of the
Fourteenth Infantry, 57 of the first bat
talion of the infantry, 16 casuals, 43 dis
charged civilians and 273 discharged sol-,
dlers. N. Feigel, the butcher of the Sum
ner, got left at Nagasaki and came home
on the Sheridan. Three discharged sailors
came home, from Nagasaki, and also sev
en men from Yokohama who missed the
Sumner. •
The United States army transport Sher
idan arrived from Manila yesterday;, via
Nagasaki and Yokohama. She was'report
ed as having sailed from Nagasaki on
July 27,. buf no word came through of her
stop at Yokohama. In consequence the
vessel was deemed overdue, and every
body, was wondering what was the matter.
Instead of being overdue, however, she
made'a new-record for the transport ser
vice of 13 days 17 hours from Yokohama
to San Francisco. ;
Detained, 'Four Days at Yo
hohama, WMch Accounts
f^ . Long. Run.
Find That Samuel Morse # Fel
ton"Will Be Worth
Cultivating./. .
Fourteenth Infantry
and Others.
Brings Home Men of the
Railroad Officials Study
ing Up President
to Be.
CHANGE MAKES
MUCH GOSSIP
SHERIDAN GETS
IN FROM MANILA
COVERS LEAGUES OVER LAND AND SEA
BRIGHTENING THE LIVES OF INVALIDS
Celebrated : "Sunshine Letter Reaches San Francisco on Travels
: Jhat Encqmpass j the Globe, Being Received [JIuIt
nail, and Will Be Sent on Its Way After Necessary ''Repairs."
THE SAN FRAIWISCO CALL, MONDAY, AUGUST 19, 1901.
¦ From much . handling the lengthy letter
is much the worse for wear. Miss MaJjel
Ayer, the Indefatigable president of the
Sunshine Society of this State, has made
a . very successful attempt at "mending"
it; and to-morrow ..the.-letter 'will again
ed. and the cheering letter has made the
tour of the' world, bringing- pleasure^to
many; .
10
wicCOY& mil
CASH
SPECIALS
For Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday.
Granulated SUGAR, ££'20 lbs $1
Extra fine dry. ._ •
COFFEE, Mocha & Java blend, Ib 25c
Through request we repeat this.
PINEAPPLE, sliced, 2-lb can'.:. 15c
Reg. price 25c. . *
:OYSJE^S^ e 3cansfor25c
SAGO a^ TapiocC^ok 5 lbs 25c
Tier::" 3 lbs. for 25c.
! ROLLED OATS, fK, 8 lbs for 25c
! Reg. .6 lbs., for Zte.
WHISKEY, Old Kentucky, gal $2. 50
O!d. rich and mellow. Reg. $3 50. ¦
CLARET, rich old wine, per gal 40c
Italian Swiss Colony's product. Res. 50c.
j ZINFANDEL, very high grade, gal 50c
I A -wine really worth. 75c. *
PORT or SHERRY Wine, per bot 25c
Positively the last time to get a wine like
' this.. ...-;,. •
. Please send In your orders early so as to
enable, us to deliver them to you In time. ....
3002-3004 Sixteentfiu St., Cor. Mission.
: " '. ¦' .Phone Mission 238. . .\ -
80LQBER0. BO WEH * CO'8 BPECIiL SAVIH& 81LJ
BQWEN
Why you come here — why
we hold your trade
Good goods-prompt service
—low prices — that's why
A\onday Tues'dayAVednesday
The quality is exceptionally fine aoq
fresh stock-16 flavors-reg'ly 50c Ib
C o f f e e
Crescent blend— pure— fresh o or
roasted— reg'iy 25c }b.
Ha m s
Old Dominion— guaranteed— T rr
reg'ly i6}clb X^ C
Cheese
California— full cream— _ il_ rt "^
I X L-reg'ly 15c Ib 2 lbs a 5 c
Ma c k e r el
5-4b pall— tender like chicken— nor
rsg'ly$i . 9 OC
M u shroom s
! F LeCourt-our importation-- r^.. '. -„
reg'ly 25c can 2 for 45c
Co co a
Van Houten— made in Holland Q nr
reg'ly 95c Ib— 14. lb->^ Ib-i Ib cans OUC
-g"M u star d
French— ready to use— assorted T cc
flavors— reg'ly 20c bottle ->
L e n t i 1 s
German — large — ,t n ., .
fresh-reg'ly 10c Ib 3 1 lbs 2 5 C
G e latine
Cox— makes three pints jelly— » c c
reg'ly 20c large package— ->
.Pimientos
Spanish peppers— ask fof 2 for 25c
recipe — reg'ly 15c and 25c can 2OC
'As .p a r a g u s
Just the tender tips — ' * r\~
i reg'ly 12k can I0C
W^his.ky;
G B & Co O K Bourbon -j Wtlr<s <i
¦ reg'ly $1 bottle- 3 DOcties$>2
$4 gallon -, gallon 3
; G1 are t
Mountain vineyard Zinfandel - ; .
Its first sale— best value we" Vrai a r\c
everoffered-sample jtat ; : & ai 4 0C
our stores-worth 75c gal
Beer"
Everard-Dure Canada malt ' :&t Vc
lajrer-reg'ly $1 55 doz pints *¦ •>
$2 35 dozen quarts *¦.»¦"¦ 2;IO
O range bi 1 1 ers;;
Field— reg'ly $1 bottle 50c
BLACKFABRICS.
On TO-MORROW and following daus we will
exhibit an elegant assortment of NEW GOODS
in our Silk and Black Goods Departments,
New Colored Velvets, New sEanne Velvets,
Metal Printed Velveteens, complete line of
latest weaves in Black Silks, comprising
Peau de Soie, Duchesse, Loulsine, London
Armure, Fancu Armures, -. Tricotine, Satin
Regence, Mervellleux and Peau de Cugnej
complete line latest shades in Colored Taf-
fetas, Fleur de Soie, Satin Duchesse, Peau da
Soie and Fancu Waist Silks.
New Black. Venetian Cloth, Amazon Cloth,
Prunella Cloth, Foules, Poplins, Mohair
Ra'uB, Pebble Cheviots, Crepe de Paris, Crepe
de Chene, Wool Taffetas, Samite Cloth, Crepe
Armuresj Mohair Faconne, Canvas Cloths,
Wool Tamise and Figured Crepe de Chene,
We invite. our PATRONS in the interior
• to write for samples of above goods,
. ill, 113. 115. lit. 1T9. 121 POST STREET.
ADVEETISEMENTS. ' i
_ _ I
'$$&2v&SL^ pleasant
¦^tilWl^y' A *vl^ always
? \ GIBSON
* -~ llif SHIRT
"Vonr Bosom Friend" j
beautifu*. criginal and j
op-tc-'da e. An Amtri'
can production for an'
American gentleman.
JOHN T. GIBSON,
¦ "The Men's Furnisher/'
sells nice things for
men to wear, at
1204 Market Street,
Near Golden Gate Avenu:.
Open till 8 P.M. !
Phone Fohcm 438.
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
STATEMENT
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
London Guarantee
and Accident
COMPANY, Limited,
OF LONDOX. EJCGL.AXD. ON ; THE' 31ST
day of December. A. D. 1900. and for the
year ending on that day. as made to the In-
rurance Commissioner of the State of Callfor-
nla.> pursuant to the provisions of Sections 610
end (11 of the Political Code, condensed as per
blank furnished by the Commissioner.
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company Jl.011.703 40
Cash In Company's Office SM 0*
Cash Jn Banks &0.CO0 00
Interest due and_ accrued en all
and Loans 9,724 OS
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 99.133 33
•
Total Assets JL171.513 90
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense T49.839 80
Losses resisted, including expense?.. 246,340 00
Gross premiums on Risks running
one year or less, % ; relnsur- ; .. . •'
ance 50 per cent 376.214 01
Gross premiums on Rinks running
more than one year. S : rein-
surance pro rata g.gsj 77
Due and accrued for salaries, rent.
etc 4,474 fir,
ileinsurance 52a SI
All other • liabilities 53 000 00
- f --.:- ¦ •-¦ — : z
Total Liabilities 5741.228 «4
INCOME. ' ~
Net ca6h actually received for prem- ' t- V;
f lunis $911,032 00
eceived for Interest and dividends
on Bonds,. Stocks. Lcsns and from
all ether sources 33.113 61
' Total Income .'..„ 1944.165 61
EXPENDITl'RES. =
Net amount paid for Losses (includ-
ing: I losses of previous years). $410.fifiS V.
Remitted to Home Office 4S.134 gj
Paid or allowed for Commission or
Brokerage . 244.05) 31
Paid fcr Salaries. F"ee* and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 40,123 06
Paid for Stale. National and Local '
taxes 24.S1J 9S
AH other payments and expendi-
tures .-. 61.433 C5
I- Total Expenditures .'....... $820,170 €4
." A. W. MASTERS. General Manager.
' Subscribed and *w*>rn to before me, this ISth
day of January. 1901.
MARK A. FOOTE. Notary Public.
General A^cnt,
416-418 CALIFORNIA ST.,
• Snn Francisco. Ca.1. ""
Phone John 61.
Accident and Liability Insurance.
60LBBER8. BOVSN * CO'g SPECIAL SAVEta 8AI.S
O 1 d . \ T o m gin
D C L— full quart— Booth's — nor
reg'ly $ i bottle 7 UV -
= To ilet soap
Roger and Ga! let-France-assorted £oc
odors— reg'ly 75c box 3 cakes
Na'il brush
French — good bristles — 2OC
reg'ly 25c : .
Hair brush-
Loor.en France— extra quality — A f r».
reg'ly 80c °5 C
Comb
Hard rubber— guaranteed to last— 2 cc
reg'ly 35c J>: ,.-"¦
Illustrated catalogue free
41X Pine 3)2 Sutler 2800 California S«n Francisco
• Thirteenth «nd Clay streets Oakland
hike a,
Meteor
Plashing across the sky— tho
dash of the
California
v i
Limited
• as it rushes across the conti-
¦
nent to Chicago. Leaves San
Francisco 9 a. m. If onday and
Thursday, arriving in Chi-
cago at 2:15 p. m. Thursday
-and Sunday on the
Santa Fe
EXPERT
EYE-CLASS
....WORK.
Ocu'ists* Prescription Glasses
j made to order' in one hour.
Qu.ck Repairing. Factory on Premises. '
PHONE MAIN 10.
¦:¦¦ .- moiuu Scientific
64Z Market 5t. iHsiRUMtNTs
DR.PIERCE'S
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY '
- '?' -•• FOR THE- v ¦•..*.-.. :
I BLOOD.LIVER.UJNGS.
(g^^^o"""^^^ Ab Opportunity Seldom Offered.
II l«^'f ' ! CrS^^^ v -! f f^^^ r On Our Elcsant Assortment of
; E /||^^ \ Bedroom : €u'ts, Chif jeniepp,
fT^^^V' ?™/frM ¦ j.5*w£jj w Combination Desks, T xters'on
' 1 3Tlrr^^^^^^ -TAble-, ' K id^boaf»dr>\China Clos-
A^pU^^yfflBsjSEJ^S cts ' oldin £: Beds, Ltc.
l^^^^ This 20 Per Cent Discount., '
•lAH L^tfefej <^- >i 'C sjkft^ '¦ 'S[WhIi Is °^ our rc su!ar prices, which, are
\t$*\ ySfl~^^ ? '' >NS^\r^ tu?T?5^ lower than prices of others In our linos.
V? 5 **"^^ ¦ t copt*iow, ~^jj ~ .; Is ; only for a short time, so come
' ¦" ¦•¦^"^^ ¦ ¦:',. ;• early and take advantape'of this op-
Tel; South 371. • ¦ , : portunity to buy bargains. • , -. :
THE K RAQ EN Furn itiire Co ,
, ,;•¦'• 1015-1017, Market ,ol>posite : Tay'oi«. '-.