ROBERT S. McCORMICK OF ILLINOIS. WHO HAS BEEN CHOSEN BY
THE PRESIDENT TO BE MINISTER OF THE UNITED STATES TO
AUSTRIA-HUNGARY.
t
RIVAL LEADERS OF THE NATIONALISTS AND GOVERNMENT FORCES
IN THE HOUSE OF COMMONS WHO CLASH ON THE FORCIBLE EX
PULSION OF IRISH MEMBERS.
LONDON, March 7.— Apcprdins: t» thi
London correspondent of the Daily Mail
the Portuguese Government has sent thi
cruiser St. Gabriel to Oporto and orderet
other warships to be In readiness to gi
there on account of the anti-clerical mani
festationa.
Cruiser Is Sent to Oporto to Prevent
Anti-Clerical Manifestations
in That City.
WARSHIP WELL -HOLD
RIOTERS IN CHECH
Overwhelming 1 Forces Have Gathered
and There Is Now Little Likeli
hood of an Insurrection.
LONDON, March 7.— "In view of th«
overwhelming Turkish forces concen
trated at various points near the Bulga
rian frontier, numbering altogether 15<V
000. says the Sofia corespondent of thi
Times, "it is evident that any attempt tc
provoke an Insurrection must prove a fail
ure."
BULGARIA'S FRONTIER
WATCHED BY- TUSKS
Davis, alias William*, a negro, who is
said to have attacked Mrs. Attaway at
Blanchard, La., on Mo-.day, was shot to
death by a mob after being fully Identi
fied by his victim to-day. After commit
ting the crime the negro escaped froro
Blanchard. came to Shreveport and ob
tained employment on the track gang of
the Kensas City Southern Railway, wheru
he was recognized and captured at !
o'clock this morning. It is said he admit
ted his guilt.
.ouisiana Men Pursue a White Wo
man's Assailant and End Sis
Life With Bullets.
9HREVEPORT. La.. March 8.— Will
NEGRO RUFFIAN SHOT
TO DEATH BY A MOB
Told to Make an Appeal.
Secretary Gage told the Illinois cemmit
teemen they ought to have the question
taken before the Beard of General Ap
praisers. He said a cargo of sugar was
about to arrive in Baltimore on which th«
countervailing duty would amount to W000
or $3000. If the Importer of this sugar felt
that the countervailing duty was unjust
or illegal and not based properly upon the
assumption that a bounty was paid by the
Russian Government, then the -Importer
ought to take the case before the General
Appraisers.
Secretary Gage Is having prepared a
statement by the Bureau of Statistics on
the loss on all articles affected by the
Russian order in trade between Russia
and the United States. He expects this
to show that less than $4,000,000 of our
trade with Russia Is affected.
he had he would have been false to tha I
obligations he had taken.
CALL BUREAU. 1403 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, March 6.— Secretary
Gage, backed by the administration, has
decided no longer to remain on the de
fensive in the controversy regarding his
action in Imposing a countervailing duty
on Russian sugar on the assumption that
the Russian Government paid a bounty
on all sugar exported. President McKin
ley told a delegation that called on him
to-day to ask for a reversal of Secretary
Gage's decision that he was sorry there
should be any tariff differences between
the United States and Russia, and he
could only suggest that those interested
take an appeal to the General Appraisers.
The turning point In Secretary Gage's
policy of treating the question came yes
terday, when a committee of the Illinois
Manufacturers* Association, representing
business associates and personal and po
litical friends of the Secretary, called at
the Treasury Department to protest
against further imposition of the counter
vailing duty. The committee was headetl
by Martin B. Madden and Included Wil
liam C. Mundt, Charles ffi Deere. J. il.
Glenn and William D. Haney.
Strong Protest Entered.
Madden declared to Secretary Gage that
the members of the association employed
not less than 300.000 men in works having
an output valued at not less than $2,000.
000.000 annually, and were largely engaged
In sending manufactured goods to other
countries. They felt that they were to be
Injured If retaliatory measures were to be
enforced through the Imposition of a
countervailing duty. They found fault
with Gage for deciding the question as he
had, demanded to know -whether McKin
ley's policy of protection was to be re
versed, asserted that it would affect all
the agricultural and manufacturing inter
ests of the United States and asked that
the decision be reversed.
Secretary Gage is usually a very mild
spoken man. but In his reply to the com
mittee he talked with great vigor and Jus
tified his action. He alluded to the fact
that the committee made claims to repre
sent 300.000 worklngmen of Illinois. He
said he knew the representatives of three
and one-half millions of citizens of Illi
nois, and these were Senators and Repre
sentatives in Congress. If there was to
be any relief It must be sought In Con
gress. He had acted entirely under the
law, and if he had decided otherwise than
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Flatly Denies Petition ol
Illinois Manufacturers
to Reverse Ruling.
President Sustains
Countervailing
Duty.
GAGE REFUSES
TO RESCIND
SUGAR ORDER
BERLIN. March 6.— While Eir.peror
William was driving from the Rathskeller
to the railroad station here yesterday ¦ a
workingman named DIeterlch Welland
threw a piece of iron Into his Majesty's
carriage. Welland rrns irrLToe^Jately ar
rested
The Emperor is paid to have been slight
ly Injured in the cheek, but, he continued
his Journey without interruption. - - \
Wetland, who__Js an epileptic, gave con
fusing answers to the police regarding his
jrotlves.
EMPEROR WILLIAM STRUGK
WITH CHUNK OF IRON
Detective Byram arrived here this morn
ing and after going to Salt Lake, where
he secured the signature of Governor
to the requisition papers, returned
\: , Ogden. Cooper will be ironed with an
Oregon boot before he is put on the train.
The papers will preclude any attempt of
Cooper to leave the train In Nevada.
fully remunerated in advance. This Coop
er could not do. and has therefore decided
to tive the officials no trouble.
OGDEN". Utah. March 6.— Henry W.
Cooper has given up the fight and will
leave with Detective Edward Byram for
Ean Francisco at 11 o'clock to-morrow
morning. Cooper's attorneys, after a
thorough investigation of the case, de
clined to take hold of the matter unless
out Pay and He Reluctantly
Decides to Submit.
Attorneys Will Not Serve Him With-
COOPER NOW WILLING
TO COME TOR TRIAL
LONDON, March 6.— Intelligence "just
received here from : North Nigeria brings
events there up to January 31, describing
the operations of a British expedition of
300 against the marauding. Imers of Bida
andKoncagora. Both capital towns were
burned by the British. Two hundred slave
women belonging to the King of Blda
were released by thirty-six men under the
command of two officers, who successfully
engaged 1000 armed natives.
BRITISH BURN TOWNS
. AND FREE THE SLAVES
Clearing Gang on a Russian
\-';-*?| Railroad.
LONDON, March .7.— The Moscow corre
spondent of the Daily Mall says: During
the recent heavy snowstorms fifty men
were sent to clear the snow out of a raJl
way cut near Wolovo, on the Rlazan-
Ural line. They were -Just leaving the
cut when the train came down at full
speed and crushed about thirty men Into
helpless masses, their clothing clogging
the axles and stopping the train. In
quiry shows that the engine driver and
all the guards were drunk.
~ »
Engine and Cars Crash Upon a Snow-
DRUNKEN TRAINMEN
KIIX THIRTY LABORERS
"Two prominent California women came
to Washington and got into the game.
They were Mrs. Lovell White and Mr*.
Sharon, president and vice president of
the Women's Clubs of California. They
were fine women, but they looked upon
me as something awful to contemplate. I
• "I paid $100,000 for one section of timber
land In the Calaveras \ract and additional
sums for four sections of the Tuolumne
grove, about forty-acre tracts, and all
tfcey offer is $125,000.
ST. PAUL. Minn., March 6.— Robert B.
Whiteslde is back from Washington and
still ow ns tho great Sequoia grove in Cali
fornia. Whiteslde *ays:
"Now I am not disposed to do anything
but make a good bargain. I have made
no plans. to cut the big trees at present,
but I paid good money for the land and
timber and if these good people want It,
why I will sell when I get a fair price. I
have been terribly abused In the Califor
nia papers. I am held up as a vandal,
who sees nothing In nature's great works
but a. chance to make two-by-fours and
cull beards. If I can't sell the trees they
will be converted Into lumber.'.' •
had several Interviews with them, ami
finally made them an offer to sell out the
whole business for $500,000 and gave them
six months In which to recover their
breath and think It over.
WHITESIDE THREATENS
TO SAW UP BIG TREES
FPOKANE. Wa.«=h., March «.— Miss Por
tia Knight is the dauzMer of Colonel N.
n. Knight of Salem. Or., a prominent pio
n*>er lawyer of that Plry. She was edu
cated in the public school and Sisters'
School there. She showed marked abilUy
t-.f an elocutionist ar.d gave a number of
recitals in h*»r home town. About 1S95 shs
went Ea.n ar.d subsequently has appeared
en' the stage as a reader and actress. She
was with James O'N>t!l one season anj
also with one of the F.ohman compani»3.
Her mother Is dead. She is a remarkably
pretty girl.
Plaintiff in the Case a Bright Oregon
POBTTA IS VERY PRETTY.
MADRID, March 6.— Captain General
Weyler has^ Issued a decree .raising the
state of siege.
The new Ministry has taken the oath of
office. / The new Cabinet, Is constituted as
follows: ; Premier, r Serior Sagasta; Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs.'- Senor Almodovar;
Minister of Finance, Senor Urzaiz; Minis
ter of War, General Weyler; Minister of
the .Interior, Senor Morot; Minister of
Marine. Duke I of Veragua : Minister •• of
Public ; Works/! Senor Villameva : Minister
of Public Instruction, Senor" Romanones.
The < portfolio of 'the; Minister of Justice
has not yet been allotted. ...;='
NEW CABINET FORMED,
WEYLEB RAISES SIEGE
Former Commissioner Quesada Say3
That Lovers of Independence
Will Not Cause Trouble.
HAVANA, March 6.— An investigation
Into the report circulated In the United
States by a news agency that the United
States Secret Service officials here had
been informed that plans are on foot for
a Cuban uprising and that' disorder is
only avoided now by the efforts of lead
ers to hold the revolutionary element In
check elicited the following statement
from Senor Gonzales Quesada, who was
the special Commissioner of Cuba at
Washington and who was in the dispatch
referred to as having coplrmed the state
ments made:- 4J
"I have not made any statements re
garding an, uprising. If any persons are
interested in fomenting an uprising they
are not Cubans who are In favor of in
dependence, but parties desirous of seeing
Cuba- crushed forever. "What we have to
contend against now is; American, public
opinion. There is no prospect of fighting
here." ....-•'.. ¦ ¦.,--;? -«-?¦ : ¦ ¦ .-.. '
RUMORS OF UPRISING
IN CUBA ARE DENIED
President McKInley was also visited to
day by a large delegation of colored Re
publicans who asked him to recognize
their race In the reorganization of the
army. Bishop Walters, who headed the
delegation, said the. President promised to
appoint some colored officers.
It has been whispered in administration
circles for some time that the President is
not averse to building up the white Re
publican party in the South. A member
of the Cabinet remarked recently: "We do
not expect an all-white Republican party
in the South, but we are sick and tired of
having It all black."
Colonel Buck. United States Minister to
Japan, who is now in Washington to look
after the Interests of his friends. Judson
Lyons, the colored Register of the Treas
ury," is also co-operating with Colonel
Buck.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
W.. WASHINGTON. March 6.— President
McKInley is again confronted by the race
problem In the South. Representative
Howard of Georgia handed to the Presi
dent to-day a petition signed by all of the
white citizens of Athens urging him to
give that city a white Postmaster. The
present Postmaster is M, B.. Morton, who
is declared one of the most offensive col
ored politicians In the State. He Is a con
spicuous figure in what constitutes the
Republican organization in the Cracker
State. He ¦was appointed about four years
ago in spite of vigorous opposition by the
white citizens of Athens, and Is now in
Washington seeking reappolntmenC The
contest over the Athens postmastershlp is
likely to assume national importance.
Postmaster Morton has behind him
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Urged to AppointWhite Postmaster in Georgia
and Colored Officers in the Army.
PRESIDENT IS CONFRONTED
BY RACE PROBLEM IN SOUTH
The Irish Times says: "Despairing of
getting sufficient support and maintenance
In London from . their own countrymen,
those pretending to represent Ireland are
meditating a mendicant pilgrimage to the
.'Land of the. Dollar' and fondly imagine
brutality will serve as a bold advertise
ment."- - ¦
DUBLIN, March 6.— Commenting upon
last night's scene' in the House of Com
mons, tho Freeman's Journal rejoices that
Ireland at last possesses a party that will
teach .Westminster that if the rights of
Ireland are to be.sacrlfled, the character
and privileges of Parliament will accom
pany the sacrifice. - :¦"--•'
The Rights of Ireland.
was universally understood that the
whole night would be devoted to this Eng
lish question and then the debate on the
remaining items would stand adjourned.
On this understanding a large number of
Irish members, including some of the
most experienced members of the party,
left the House. Suddenly at the close of
the sitting, at midnight, Balfour proposed
to closure the discussion on the entire
vote of £17,000.000. This naturally pro
voked an outburst on the part of the Irish
members who were In the House. The
scene was one most disgraceful to the
English Parliament. We intend to raise
the matter as a question of privilege. As
a matter of fact, some of the members
were turned out of the House who took
no part In the scene and most brutal vio-
Jence was exhibited in the removing of
some of our members. The action of the
Government is likely to defeat its object
and will make the Irish members more
determined than ever to resist the Gov
ernment's plan to choke the discussion of
Irish affairs."
"The scene last night' In the _House of
Commons was the direct result of a trick
on the part of the Government. A vote
on' account- for ; £17,000,000 had been
brought lip for discussion. It covered a
multitude of < -items - and included over
£2,000,000 for Irish "purposes. - The discus
sion was initialed by English members on
the ; English '.education Question, and it
John Redmond said to a correspondent:
Redmond Says It Is a Trick.
It is understood that Sir Henry Camp
bell-Bannerman will protest against
wholesale closuring. His view is that the
difficulties Parliament has to -face would
have beeni to a great««xtent, prevented
if it had met a fortnight earlier.
Balfour's proposal to make suspension
for the remainder of the session. the pen
alty of "disobedience •to the chair Is ex
pected to lead to an angry debate.- The'
action of the Irish members is universally
condemned, but at the same time Bal
four's attempt to drive rather than lead
tho House meets with much disapproba
tion. It Is argued that the Government
knew they had a very heavy financial
session 'ahead, .and yesterday. Instead of
calling Parliament early, called it later
than usual. ; 'V '¦.•¦"•
Angry Debate Expected.'
It Is understood that Balfour .proposes
to alter the House of Commons rule relat
ing 'to suspensions,, making -the punish
ment so severe as to make a repetition of
last night's j revolt against the authority
of the chair unlikely.
? Balfour subsequently, gave notice of a
motion to be made to-morrow to. suspend
such offenders hereafter for the remainder
of the session'. / .
Balfour, remarking that he presumed it
was desired to ; Institute means for pre
venting a recurrence of the scenes of last
night, promised to cons'der what opportu
nity for discussion could be given. '.. •
"Would Change the Rules.
Redmond tried to move an adjournment
and appealed to Balfour, the Government
leader, to give the members an opportuni
ty for discussion.
LONDON, March 6.— The excitement
occasioned by last night's scenes
in the House of Commons is still
very evident, and when the House
met at noon to-day. In view of
possible disturbances ihe whole police
force on duty at St. Stephens had been
mobilized and reinforced - by reserves.
John Redmond, the Nationalist leader,
speedily rose and raised a question d
privilege arising from "the painful scene*
of last night." He claimed that members
had been suspended without proper steps
being taken to identify them and that
their removal had been accompanied by
undue violence. He was satisfied, he said,
that members were suspended who had
actually gone to . the lobby to participate
in the division.
The Speaker, in reporting, pointed out
that Redmond was not raising a question
of privilege but a point of order. If he
was properly informed of any wrongful
suspensions he (the Speaker) would be glad
to take steps to rectify them.
Frank W. Jackson of Pennsylvania,
Consul at Patras, Greece.
Navy— Captain A. S. Crownlnshleld, to
be Chief of the Bureau of Navigation,
with rank of rear admiral.
Commanders to be captains— Chapman
C. Todd and Robert M. Berry.
Lieutenant commanders to be command
ers—Daniel D. V. Stuart and Charles M.
Adams.
Lieutenants to be lieutenant command
ers — William M. Rush, Harry S. Knapp
and William L. Rodgers.
Lieutenants (junior grade) to be lieu
tenants—William N. V. Powelson and Wil
liam S. Montgo'mery.
Richworth Nicholson of California, to
be assistant paymaster In the navy.
McCormick was secretary of the United
States Legation at London under Robert
T. Lincoln. McCormick, who is a noted
bibliophile. Is a member of the leading
clubs of this city. Mrs. McCormick Is a
daughter cf the late Joseph Medill,
founder of the Chicago Tribune.
The following nominations were also
made yesterday:
to be Envoy Extraordinary and Minister
Plenipotentiary of the United States to
Austria-Hungary.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G. STREET.
N. W., WASHINGTON', March 6.
—President McKInley has sent to
the Senate'-the nomination of
Robert S. McCormiek of Illinois
BflJaa Knight's allegations are not vet
nJitJsinable. but it is evident that s"he Is
!n rarn^st and that the suit was brought
without any idea of gaining publicity. Sh^?
is about the same ace as the Duke of
Manchester— possibly a trifle older. Their
acquaintance began, a correspondent Is in
formed, when Mi£S Knight was living In
Stirmin's mansion «n London, where the-
Duke frequently visltci. The employes of
the mansion say the acquaintance ripered
to a 5tage where they guarrclei frequent
ly and that the visits continued until on'y
about Fix months ago. when the Duke no
longer called there, and Miss Knight took
a flat elsewhere, fihe is now living tn
London amid friends of position and
Tr,ear.s. Unlike the Duchess. M1S3 Knignt
is a pronounced brunette, with olive com
rlexion.
This entirely unexpected sequel to one
f the most interesting marriages by an
American heiress and representative of
the British ppprape had Its Inception
shortly after the Duke of Manchester so
fjddenly made Bliss Zimmerman a
Duchess.
The Manchester sensation promises to
rival the Westminster scandal. Although
th*- Duke of Manchester assorts that the
writ has not been servc-d upon him in the
ruit for alleged breach of promise this is
quite immaterial.* as the writ has been
issued and proceeding's have commenced.
Great Scandal Promised.
"I regret that this affair has become
yx;blic." she said. "I thought It would be
done in camera. I do hope it will not be
takes by the American papers. I
have brought this nJt not because I
publicity, but because I felt In.
d«ty f»-*ml to all ray friends here in Eng
land. For their sake as well as my own
I have every wish that the proceedings
should be as quiet as possible. I only
met the Duke of Manchester since I came
to Er.glar.d a year a?o. But really I must
ref'r you to my solicitors."
When Miss ! Knight's solicitors were
railed upon they declined to give any de
tails or to do more than to confirm the
report that Miss Knight had comenced
the action.
M!fs Portia Kr.ipht is an American, 23
rr 24 years of age. She was on the stage
in New York for a time and has
y^rri livir.g privately in London for a
year. The writ has been out for some
time. 5he said, and she did not know
whether it would be served in America.
or England. MI.«s Knight was glad to
hear that ft had been served in Liverpool.
Plaintiff Shrinks From Publicity.
"It Is quite untrue. I know nothing
about the suit. I cm feeling quite fit and
had a fine time in America."
••Come along-." said the Duchess, and
\h» couple jumped into a cab and drove
off. They had intended to land at
Queenston'n and rroceed to their Irish
home. But the Ftorm prevented, and
therefore they decided to come to Lon
don, which they will shortly leave for
Ireland.
No cne met the Duke and Duchess on
their arrival at Euston station, London.
The E>uchess looked extremely well and
very pretty. The Duke «eeme3 rather
worried. When asked if it were true that
he had been served with a writ he re
plied:
T.OXIWK, March €.— On his arrival nt
Liverpool to-day on the White Star line
ftoamor Oceanic from Kew York the
I>uke of Manchester, who, wiih his bride,
was a passenger en board, was served
with a writ for an alleged breach of
promise at the instance of Portia Knight
rf Lsr.don.
Portia Knignt Plaintifl in
Suit That Promises a
Great Scandal.
Die Is Served With
Papers in Breach
of Promise.
MANCHESTER
IS SUED BY
PRETTY CIRL
A Cape Town special says: The Boers
who captured Pearstown on the Great
Rlet River Sunday morning numbered 700
and had two guns. They are still In pos
session of the town. The garrison con
sisted of twenty-five colonials -and fifty
town guards.
The Daily Mall publishes the following
from Colesburg, dated March 5: A big
movement is being prepared to clear the
whole of Orange River Colony from
north to south of Boers.
Curiously enough the War Office seems
genuinely -without definite information re
garding the exact status of affairs. The
great financial firms whose interests in
South Africa are almost equal to those of
the Government believe' from their pri
vate advices that the present situation
1st likely to Vesult in the surrender of
General Botha and the forces under his
immediate command, while the other
Boer units will" remain In the field.
Other Boers Remain in. Field.
It is also understood that DrV Leyd3
was recently negotiating to secure peace
terms, but wlien it was discovered that
he was merely acting a farce, not being
in communication with General Botha or
not able to live up to the tentative sug
gestions made, the British Government
having learned his .views, quickly ended
the negotiations, especially when it wa3
found that Lord Kitchener was treatinsr
with General Botha, while Dr. Leyds was
unable to speak authoritatively for the
forces In the field.
"General Dewet and General Delarey. us
well as .the other leadjrj^will,- probably,
have to be dealt. with individually on sim
ilar terms. If the nesot'atlons with Gen
eral Botha reach a successful termina
tion it will be, to use an expressive 1
Americanism, just on* of the bunch."
"We have little doubt that General Bo
tha will surrender. The question now Is
as to what forces he can bring with him.
We have private information tending to
showjthat Lord Kitchener and Sir Alfred
Mllner have-decided to accept his surren
der on the basis that he is merely an in
dividual commander lather than a com
mander-ln-chlef of the enemy's forces.
Cannot Surrender All Forces. *
It is stated here that Sir, Alfred Mllner
has gone to Pretoria with the object of
assisting Lord Kitchener, In t these nego
tiations, the length of which appears to
be due to General Botha's desire to con
sult with Acting 1 President Schalkberger
at Pletersburg and to make terms apply
ing to the whole Boer forces; but militat
ing against this is Lord Kitchener's doubt
as to General Botha's anility to control
General Dewet and other leaders and as
well as the internal opposition General
Botha Is encountering. One of the best
informed authorities on South Africa said
last evening:
To-day Sir Henry Campbell-Bannerman
will endeavor to extract some Information
from the Government on the subject In
the House of Commons. '.'-¦'¦
LONDON, March 7.— Private Informa
tion received In London.thls morning con
firms the rumors of negotiations between
Lord Kitchener, Sir Alfred Mllner and
Commandant General Louis Botha. Noth
ing is known as to the actual presence of
the Boer commander In chief at Pretoria,
and no London paper publishes a-state
ment that he is there, but it Is reasonably
certain that General Botha is In either
personal or. very close touch "with Lord
Kitchener.
Dewet and Delarey, How
ever, Remain in Field
With Their Forces.
Boer Commander Is
Preparing For
Surrender;;
KITCHENER
NEGOTIATES
WITH BOTHA
Nominated by the President as Envoy
Extraordinary and Minister Pleni
potentiary to Austria and Hungary
ROBERT McCORMICK
OF ILLINOIS GIVEN
IMPORTANT MISSION
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SAN FRANCISCO, THURSDAY, MARCH 7, 1901.
VOLUME LXXXIX- SO. 97.
tion of Turbulent Scenes Attend
ing the Expulsion of Irish Members
Police Mobilized to Prevent Repeti-
REDMOND DECLARES
UNDUE VIOLENCE IS
USED DM THE COMMONS
Girl.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.The United States Philippine Commis
sion is investigating the case of Senor
Matnejc. the native Judge of the Court of
First Instance in Manila, who is accused
of fraudulently aiding the administrator
of the Enriquez estate. The case of the
Enriquez estate is well known, and the
litigation concerning it has lasted fifteen
years. The estate was originally worth
& million dollar*, but through fraud this
value has dwindled to $300,000. The venal
ity and incompetence of the courts will
probably be demonstrated.
Senate Clerks in Luck.
WASHINGTON'. March C— While no
fcrcniil action to that effect has been
taken by the Republican Senators it is
decided that there -will be no reorganiza
tion cf the Senate committees during the
present version of the -Senate. This de
cision will have the effect of leaving the
appointees of retiring Senators In their
positions until the convening of Congress
jicst December.
Wisconsin for ths Orient.
WASHINGTON. March 6.— The battle
pblp Wisconsin has been selected to re
?laee th* Oregon in Asiatic watrrs when
hat vessel Is relieved in the near future.
Sreclal Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU. im G STREET. N.
W\. WASHINGTON. March -6.—Adminis
tration officials are very much worried
over the Chinese situation. Their appre-.
tensions are due not merely to the" signs
of the purpose of certain powers to delay
the completion of neg-otiations but to the
constantly increasing danger that some of
them will find a way to obtain a hold
upon Chinese territory that cannot be
loosened.
Although all the governments well un
derstood that Indemnity would be the sub
ject next discussed after that of punish
ments, few of the Ministers In Peking
seem to have received Instructions on tho
subject.
Special Commissioner Itockhlll has sub
mitted to his colleagues the plan of this
Government to settle the indemnity ques
tion. This contemplates an .agreement as
to the total Indemnity to be demanded of
the Chinese and its distribution by the
Ministers. In case of failure to agree, the
distribution would be made by The Hague
Court of Arbitration.
Other diplomats in Peking approve tho.
principle of the American proposal, bu:
pay they have no instructions to act on
It, and some of the powers do not seem to
think there is any nee-i for hurry.
Rockhlll has suggested $170,000,000 as tho
amount of indemnity to be demanded, but
Germany, which has been paying liberal
salaries to officers and men of her troops
lierving In China, will probably urge tha r
this amount be made iarger, in view of
what. she alone wlll-demand. ¦ •
LONDON, March 7. -The Peking corre
spondent of the Morning Post suggests
that 'Japan's preparations to withdraw
her troops "points to her receiving some
territorial concessions, probably in the
province of Fukien." He says: "It looka
as though partition were commencing."
Cram's Superior Atlas of ',
the World, edition of 1901, of
fered to Call readers at the !
premium price of SI. 50, is a
beautiful book and is full of
fine maps, statistical Informa
tion, <Scnsus, etc. You cannot
find a mors useful or reliable
book of reference than Cram's
Superior Atlas. Do not be in
duced to consider any other
Atlas until you have , exam
ined Cram's Atlas. A sample
book can be examined at Call
Business Office.
TRIPLE TRAGEDY IN PEKING.
German Murders His Wife, Wounds
Her Lover and Kills Himself.
VANCOUVER. B. C March 6.—Japan
ese papers which arrived to-day by tho
steamship Empress of India contain news
of a terrible tragedy which occurred in
Peking early in February. Lieutenant
Denninar, an officer of one of the British
regiments at Peking. was mortally
wounded, but was still alive when the
last telegrams were received. .
Denning Is alleged to haucr been inti
mate with the wife of August Llndberg.
a German ex-ofilcer, who was attached
to the legation at the Chinese capital.
Lindberg heard of the scandal and hur
ried to Dcnnlng's residence. He found
that Denning had left for another port of
the city. Llndberg was further encaged
by the fact that his wife had accompa
nied the Englishman and he followed
them. He found the couple together and
opened fire.
According to the dispatches Denning
tried to protect the woman by placing
himself between her. and the angry hus
band, but .Llndberg shot her dead with
the first bullet and Denning fell with a
bullet in his body. Lindberg then turned
the weapon on himself. He fired two
jfhots over his heart and died almost ln-
Btantly. "
Administration Is Worried
Over Present Outlook
in China.
GRAVE DANGER
OF PARTITION
SHARP WORDS
FOR BRITAIN
Senator Morgan Scores th§
Policy of King Edward's
Government.
"We will make no compromise with
Great Britain upon that subject. -We will
make no concession to Great Britain in
relation to the treaty. What we shall do
with it— and some of our people are op
posed to even that— Is that we shall de
clare It abrogated. If the vote on my res
olution could be taken to-day it would In
form the President of the - United States
that he has no two-thirds majority In the
Senate to adopt any' compromise he may
make with Great Britain.
"If It is the purpose of Great Britain
still to look for delay, she will not get it.
If it be her determination to pick a quar
rel with ua about it. she will find the
United States can muster at least half
the ' number of men who voted for the
President in the last election— fighting
men. And she will find, when that war
terminates, that the steel band which
binds the throne in London with Austra
lia and India and passes through Canada
will have been rent In twain, and with Its
severance down will go the empire."
The Objections to Compromise.
He regarded the Clayton-Bulwer treaty
in the nature of twi alliance, "a shameful
alliance," with Great Britain, and de
nounced any suggestion of. the inability of
the United States to sever such an al
liance without incurring the penalties of a
war. He maintained that in spite of the
silence of Great Britain the United States
could abrogate the treaty at any time,
anfl until it was abrogated it would act as
a clog upon the extension of the com
merce of this country.
"There cannot be anything more pre
cious to-day to Great Britain," said he.
"than to prevent the construction of the
Nicaragua canal. If Great Britain by her
'golden silence' can prevent that her
profits will continue, and the longer she
can do that tho greater will be her profits
on the Suez canal. She has .remained as
silent as the Sphynx which looks out upon
the Nile and upon the desert, and she
Beems to be looking out upon a de#eri_of
wasted American opportunities, and. sad
to say, American honor. Great Britain Is
still silent. ;:.' :,;
Silence of Great Britain.
Morgan of Alabama, who yesterday of
ferred a resolution declaring the abroga
tion of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty be
tween the United States and Great Brit
ain, addressed the Senate for nearly two
hours upon his proposition. His admoni
tions to Great Britain were particularly
sharp. He declared that if Great Britain
should endeavor to enforce the terms of
the treaty the effort would result In a war,
in which the great empire, which had con
trolled for scores of years the commerce
of the world, would be swept from power
and her King would be'left with only sov
ereignty over nls own Island.
Teller said he lind'no desire t/> enter ob
jection to the reference of the amendment
to the Committee on Rules. That was the
proper place for It. He inquired, how
ever, if there was any expectation on the
part of the majority to do anything more
during the present session than executive
business. ,
Pending an answer to that question Vice
President Roosevelt announced Jn a low
but distinct tone that the proposed
amendment would be referred, in the ab
sence to objection, to the Committee on
Rules.
Change of Rule Deferred.
WASHINGTON, March 6.-Agaln to-day
Vice President Roosevelt was the central
figure of the" opening proceedings, of the
Senate. "When he appeared at his desk to
call the Senate to order a .wave of ap
plause swept over the thronged galleries.
He evidently was impatient at the dem
onstration, and sharply tapping his desk
with the gavel warned the spectators
that a repetition of the applause would
result In an order to clear the galleries.
*Matt of Connecticut then called up the
amendment to the rules, of which he gave
notice yesterday, relating to the limitation
of debate. After the amendment was read
Teller of Colorado inquired of Platt
whether or not he expected to secure ac
tion upon the amendment at the present
extraordinary session.
Platt replied that he did not desire to
discuss the proposed amendment at the
present time. He wished to have the
amendment referred to the Committee on
Rules." but he doubted very much if the
Committee- on Rules could consider it so
fully, as to enable the Senate to take ac
tion upon It' at 'this session^
"Ihope." said' he. in* conclusion, "that
some fair amendment to the rules may be
deVlBtd by which there "can be a reason
able (not an unreasonable) limit placed on
debate." ¦ . .
CENTRAL CITY, Colo.,- March 8.— The
Molepole- tunnel, piercing \the Utah hill
at Apex, seven miles west of this city. i3 j
on fire. Three . miner b are caught in . the
tunnel arid are probably dead from suffo
cation. They are Con McNerney, superin
tendent; W. Bellows and W. H. Coltrln.
The fire originated in the blacksmith shop
at the mouth : of th* tunnel and.commu
nicated to the timbers »:I the tunnel befora^
it was discovered. : . , ,-
Allen Still Wears a Toga. ; A
"WASHINGTON,; March 6.— Senator Al
len's name Is still 'carried on the rolls as'
a Senator from 'Nebraska, and it is un
derstood it will ; be v until tho ; Nebraska
Legislature elects , .-. or adjourns. .There'
was some contention that his appointment
would expire March 3. the close of the last
Congress, but I the authorities hold other
wise.' V. -'.. ."¦_ .. . \\ [ A •:¦ -.- ; : i,
Disastrous Fira Starts Underground
in Coloradoand Three Lives Have
''-l-'-s Probably Been Lost. ;
MINERS ABE CAUGHT ; V- ;^
IN A BURNING TUNNEL
only daughter of Colonel and Mrs. I. N.
Peyton. Colonel Peyton is well known in
business circles throughout the coast. Mr.
B!ake is a young attorney. of Spokane. .
.Mr. and. Mrs/ Blake left this afternoon
for Southern California points to spend
their honeymoon. ! They will be at home
in Spokand after' the summer season.
JOHN A RYAN. PROPRIETOR OF THE WILLIAMS HOTEL. AND MIB3
MAY. TULLY,:. WHO WILL JOURNEY ALONG LIFE'S PATH TO
GETHER, .
Fr^clal Dispatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER. B. C. March 6.-LleU
tt-nant C. Mahcw Arnold of the staff of
the admiral of the British fleet In Chinese
waters has just returned to Hongkong
from Manila. He traveled extensively
through the Philippines and claims to
have had an opportunity of sizing up the
whole situation in the American posses
sions from an independent military man's
standpoint. He pays:
"I believe that after all the Americans
will complete -heir campaign before the
Pritish ao in Pr>uth Africa. The fee'ing
among all classes Is that this spring will
eee the conclusion of hostilities, and I am
certain that by June or July of this year
the war with the Filipinos will be prac
tlcailj; at an end. The natives have lost
heart— what few there are in the populous
districts who ?re still holding out. The
¦war mieht ha* - e been finished six months
a bo hz<1 the Filipinos been made to un
derstand that the Americans meant busi
!iop.«. but the war was far too long earned
on in h peaceful sort of way. with the
Americans doin:? clean, open fiphtlnji and
the Filipinos taking every mean advan
tP.c.
"Now the conditions are different. The
military {rovernment has now fully 500
permanent posts and parrisons through
out the aTchlpelsgo. Kach one of these is
a renter nf activity, from which scouting
parties a^d email detachments are strik
ing in all directions. The nati\ r es are in
terror of the severe policy inaugurated,
•which practically means to give no quar
ter.
"There is I the greatest activity in all
quarters, not only in killing and wound-
Ing, but in the burning of hundreds of'
barrack* and ateelters and huge stores of
rice and provisions, which are kept by the
native* for the rainy months. Numerous
villages and barriers are being wiped off
the face of the country every week. If
the wsr is kept up for long it will mean
the extermination of the Filipinos as a
race."
Japanese papers received to-day by, the
Fteamfr Empress of India give full de
tail* of the occurrences leading up to the
arrest by the military police of Manila on
February 7 of D. M. Carman and Senor
C'arranza on the charge of aiding the ln
eurgents. The two men under arrest did
business in the Philippines as contracting
agent?" under the firm name of the Car
man Company. By means of letters of In
troduction and influential friends Carman
was said to have obtained permission to
po at will between the lines. This privi
lege gave him 3a immense advantage over
other Manila merchants, and it is charged
that he utilized this ' opportunity to
transact an immense business with the
Insurgents, selling them supplies and stor
ing tor them copra and lumber, which he
was paid to have sold to advantage for
the insurgents, putting $6,100,000 into their
coffers. Carman's frlonds declared * he
would establish his innocence at the trial.
British Naval Officer Says
the Natives Are Ready
to Yield.
PARIS. March 7. -The report that John
Wilson Durant of Albany. X. Y., who had
been living during the last two years in
Paris with his mother, had befcn killed at
Ostend in a duel with a Russian Count,
was an Invention of his own. Durant Is
FtlU alive. Xo duel was fought. The
whole story was a pure fabrication.
Durant and his mother were found last
over.lnr at the Kuston Hotel In London.
When interrogated on the subject of the
report of his death he was greatly taken
aback, and exhibited extreme agitation at
the revelation of his scheme.
Finally." resolving upon a frank state
ment, he explained that Jie had had a f=e
iious quarrel with Mile. Mangin, his be
trothed, and had determined to break off
relations with her. He said he considered
the best exit from the difficulty would be
to die, at least officially, and that his
trouble with the Russian, which was
real, offered the easiest solution of his
entanglement. Therefore, he took advan
tage of this method of announcing his
death.
He admitted that he enlisted the serv
ices of a trusted friend here to secure the
Insertion of a death notice and he ex
pr^sped the preatest chagrin and surprise
that the Btorjr had leaked out. When
pressed regarding the alleged duel he de
clined to discuss the matter, saying:
"I received the kindest treatment at the
hands of the ItUEStan and I don't wish to
cause pain. I had hoped the plan would
puccecd. Intending to remain officially
<Vad for three or four months, thus giv
ing my betrothed a plausible explana
tion."
Two letters had been received in
Paris from Durant. one dated Os
tr-nd, March 3, and the other Lon
finn, March 4. In the former he
asked the recipient to make certain per
sonal arrangement-? and to forward his
mall to Glasgow, care of "P. S. Peat."
KHvinpide. and in the latter he exposed
himself by say inc. after requesting that
a change be made in the arrangement
Fupeested in the first letter and that his
mail be forwarded to London, "You will
know that I officially died yesterday.
Ker>v up the illusion "
PHILIPPINE WAR
HEARING AN END
These letters are In Durant's own hand
•wriunK. The evidence originally appeared
to establish conclusively the fact of a
duel. The first cle*r was the following
NEW YORK, March «.-The financial
embarrassment of John F. Searles. one
of the organizers of the American Sugar
Refining Company and until ' yesterday
president of the American Cotton Com
pany, it was said to-day is purely per
sonal and will "not involve any of the
eighteen corporations with which he Is
connected, either as president, treasurer,'
secretary, director or trustee.
Mr. Searles 1 liabilities it', is believed
will reach about $3,100,000 and are covered
by his assets, which, however, are main
ly unlisted stocks and are therefore not
readily marketable or of a negotiable
character. If not pressed by the creditors
and sufficient time is granted Assignee
E. Dwight expects to be able to, pay Mr.
Searles' obligations in full.
Mr. Searles was at his office to-day but
he would not talk concerning his assign
ment. Pending the action of the board of
directors of the American Cotton Com
pany on the resignation of Mr. Searlea,
which was filed before his assignment was
announced, the affairs of that corporation
are now beinR managed by Vice President
William C. Lovering, who was called here
from Boston, and D. C. Ball, the general
manager.
Statement of the Assignee.
Assignee Dwight said to-day that .the
schedules of assets and liabilities are be
ing prepared, and as soon as they are
ready will be- submitted to the creditors
and "a period : of time to liquidate Mr.
Searles' affairs will be asked for.
So far as could be learried to-day no
out-of-town institution is involved in Mr.
Searles' breakdown. The Searles assign
ment was precipitated by proceedings in
stituted late on Tuesday afternon in the
United States Circuit Court in Brooklyn
to recover the principal and interest on
overdue and unpaid notes aggregating
$70,000. The papers In the case were filed
by William Cook, an attorney. He said
that there had been no secret about the
legal formalities taken . to recover the
money and that the papers were regularly
filed with the clerk of the Circuit Court.
All the notes were given on July 12. 1900,
and were made payable in six months at
6 per cent to the Duluth Furnace Com
pany of Duluth, Minn.-, and the judgments
are recorded for Thomas R. Thomas of
that corporation. The first note was for
$20,000; the second, for a like amount/had
been transferred to the American Ex
change Bank of Duluth;. the third, for
$10,000. had been indorsed and made pay
able to the Western Reserve Bank of
Warren. Ohio, and the fourth, for $20,000.
was transferred to the First National
Bank of Duluth.
Cotton Company Not Affected.
. Mr. Cook said that the papers " were
filed in the United States court in Brook
lyn because Mr. Searles resided In that
jurisdiction and Thomas Is a resident of
another State. William C. Lovering. vice
president of the American Cotton Com
pany, made the following statement at
the offices of the company to-day: -,"
"John F. Searles resigned yesterday the
office of president of the American Cotton
Company, and as vice president I am now
acting in his stead pending the election of
his successor. The American Cotton Com
pany is not affected in any way by Mr.
Bearles' assignment, as the company had
no connection with his arrangements. His
assignment, which was made after .his
'resignation had been received, means
nothing whatever to the company." U
That Mr. Searles had struggled for a
long time to continue solvent in spite of
several crushing mishaps was made clear
by several developments to-day. His rela
tive prosperity suffered early last year in
the collapse of the American Fisheries
Company and the bankruptcy .of his son
in-law, Albert B. Roeder. But as long
ago as January. 1899, when he ceased to
be treasurer and secretary of the Ameri
can Sugar Refining Company and presi
dent of the Western National Bank, .the
assertion that he was a millionaire
through his Intimate relations with -the
, sugar trust was disputed by those who
should have intimate and inside knowl
edge of the facts.
According to Wall street ideas \:Mr.
Searles still holds securities representing
at least one-third of his former fortune,
but they are so tied up and hedged about
that he cannot dispose of them without a
sacrifice, which an assignment would ob
viate. It is said that when the wreckage
of his fall is cleared away Mr. Searles
will still have enough to live on comfort
ably. A matter of speculation In Wall
street was the holding of Mr. Searles'
paper and collateral. Much of It, It. was
believed, is held in Baltimore and other
Southern cities.'
Corporations Will Not Suf
fer From Failure of
John Searles.
Special pispatch tft The Call.
Yf -^»- yi ILLIAMS. March 6.— At the
\\ \\ / residence of Mrs. P. A. Tully,
\V/\V/ at noon to-day the Rev. W. F.
V V Reagor of the Presbyterian
church, Colusa, united ;, in
marriage John A. Ryan and Miss Mary
Tully, both of Williams. The! house was
beautifully decorated. The many guests
present partook of an elegant wedding
dinner immediately after congratulations
had been given.
Mr. Ryan Is the proprietor of the Wil
liams Hotel, and the bride Is tho only
daughter of Mrs. P. A. Tully. Both have
a wide circle of friends In Colusa, Glenn
and Nana counties.
Amid a shower of rice theV departed on
the overland tuis afternoon for San Fran
cisco on their bridal trip.
MISS HELEN PEYTON A BRIDE.
Santa Barbara Young Iiady Weds a
Spokane Attorney.
SANTA BARBARA. March C.-The
home of Colonel Peyton in this city was
the scene of an elaborate but quiet wed
.d?ng at noon to-day, when Miss Helen
Durand Peyton became the wife of Jacob
Moore Blake of Spokane. Owing to the
recent death of the groom's father, the
wedding- took place here, the winter home
of the Peytons, rather than at Spokane,
and only the relatives and Intimate
friends of the family wef e present.
The bride, a beautiful brunette, is the
COIN IS SAFE
FOR CREDITORS
death notice appearing in the European
edition of the New York Herald:
"DURANT-At Ostend, Belgium, March
3— John Wilson Durant."
The attention of the American consulate
was called to this nnd an Investigation
was immediatclv opened which revealed
the following ffiegram written in Frenclt
that had been received by Durant's be
trothed. Mile. Laure Mangin, yesterday
morning:
"OSTEXD (undated)— My friend Durant
is dead. Count is very Beriously wounded.
(Signed) Louis Therriott de Greffln."
Throughout Saturday he was engaged in
making the ilnal arrangements. He
Shaved off his mustache and declined | to
recognize friends whom he met acci
dentally. He. left Paris Sunday for Os
tend, whence he sent the llrpt letter and
took the night boat for London. Bending
the second letter on his arrival there. The
hotel people assert that some one tele
phoned Monday and asked whether Du
rant's body arrived.
Up to last evening all the Information
tended to show that he had carried * out
his alleged intention and been killed.
Doubts arose when dispatches came from
Ostend asserting tliat there was no trace
of a duel there, that nothing of the sort
had been heard of by the police, doctors
or hotel people, and, moreover, that no
deatl* had occurred there of any person
named Durant or "Carter," the name un
der which Durant had announced ho
would travel. Investigation in Pnrls then
brought to light the receipt of the two
letters, which reveal the fact that Durant
was responsible for the whole dramatic
story. •
Sweetheart Is Surprised.
Durant has been without occupation and
has lived extravagantly. He had an
apartment at 95 Boulevard St. Michel, to
which he sent the death telegram ad
dressed to his betrothed. Mile. Mangin
belongs to a poor family. He introduced
her among his friends as his betrothed,
and a notic* appealed in Le JournaJ Feb
ruary 16 announcing the betrothal," in
which It was stated that the marriage
had been fixed for the second fortnight in
March. Possibly he reconsidered this In
tention and conceived the duel story as
a loophole for separation.'
When Mile. Manpin. her sister and
brother-in-law were called upon yesterday
regarding the matter the women express
ed the greatest astonishment at the ab
sence of any confirmation of the death
telegram. Mile. Mangin's brother-in-law,
who declares himself a better judge of
Durar.t. hit the nail on the head by ex
pressing his belief that the telegram was
a "stupid humbug."
Mine Host John A. Ryan and Miss Mary Tully the Principals
in a Noon Wedding at Which the Rev. W. F. Reagor of
Golusa Presbyterian Church Is Officiating Clergyman
American Reported to Have Been Killed
Found in London and Confesses He
Merely Wanted to Leave Betrothed
DUEL TO THE DEATH
DURANT'S GRIM SCHEME
WILLIAMS HOTEL MAN ENTERS
THE RANKS OF THE BENEDICTS
nied these just demands of the pe'ople In
order to provide for this enormous in
crease in expenditures that is almo3t
wholly required In order to support tho
increased armv and naval establishments
that have been inaugurated under the pol
icy cf the Republican party.
Notwithstf^dirig the enormous taxation
of the people and the enormous sums that
are collected each year to be poured Into
the Federal treasury the public works
ftnd internal improvements of every char
acter throughout tho country have trac
tlcally been denied by this Congress.
Cost of the Army.
Tho most casual explanation of this
table makes comment practically un
necessary- It shows that the army for
each of the two years prior to the Span
ish-American war cost a little over $23.
000,000 and but little more than J4G.000.fi00
for the two years covered by the Fifty
fourth Congress, while for the army for
each of tta* two years since that war.
V.m and 1902, \t cost nearly J115.00O.0C0. at
J230.000.000 for the two years, exclusive of
deficiencies that have been provided for
in. large sums out of appropriations made
for expenses of the Spanish war during
the Fifty-nfth Congress.
The navy cost for the two years 1S97-M
J63.o62.000. while for the yeara 1901 and
lyO2 these appropriations amount to nearly
$144,000,000. For the payment of pensions
the appropriations show an increase of
nearly $8,000,000 for the two years. In a
word this table shows that the price to
the people of the policy of this adminis
tration that has been thrust upon tfiem
by the Republican party is $400.000.ooo
¦within a period of two years, an<1 thw
half that is contemplated, has not yet
been put in operation. The ship Hubsidy
measure, that has been deferred, but not
abandoned, will cost J1S0.00O.00O more, to
say nothing 1 of the> lesser schemes that
are proposed.
COIN FROM CONGRESS,
BILLION AND A HALF
House Committee on Appropriations
Makes Known the Amount of Money
Provided by the Fifty- Sixth Session
HELENA, Mont., March 6.— James Mc-
Arthur. an ex-convict, wanted on a charge
Of killing Captain Dotson, twenty miles
west of Helena, on February 15. has been
captured In Revalla. Mont., after a long
chase. It Is asserted that McArthur killed
Dotson at the Instance of the latter's 8on,
who is serving a ninety-nine-year sen
tence In the penitentiary.
Alleged Murderer Captured.
PARIS, March 6.— The seconds of Paul
Deroulede and Andrew Buffet mot to-day
to discuss the question of tho proposed
duel. M. Buffet'3 representatives declared
that he had not insulted M. Deroulede
and that there were no grounds for a duei.
This decision was telegraphed to M. De
roulede In Madrid and ha Immediately
wired M. Buffet as follows:
"You threw down tho glove to me and
now I have picked It up. It la impossible
for the king's champion to steal away. I
prefer to believe that what exercised you
principally was the chclce of weapons. I
let you have it. Andrew 1 Buffet, you arc
a royal liar."
This insulting message renders a dud
inevitable.
Paris Makes It Certain a Duel
Will Be Fought.
Insulting Message From Madrid t
"A BOYAIi LIAR," SAYS
DEKOTJXEDE OF BUFFET
During the session just closed the de- I
mands of the people, through their repre
sentatives, for the Isicaraguan canal have
gone unheeded; for new public buildings
they have been persistently denied. The
river and harbor bill has been permitted
to fall. The. payment of just claims of
honest people against the Government has
not been provided for. It is doubtless con
ceived to be wisdom on the part of the
leadership of the dominant party in Con
gress and the administration to have de-
Numerous Demands Ignored.
Cause of Deficiencies.
The large deficiencies provided for the
fiscal year 1S99 by tlie first -regular session
of the Fifty-fifth Congress as amounting
to $349,772.3S9, were almost In their en
tirety to cover the expenses of the mil
itary and naval departments during tho
fiscal years 1899 and 1900 incident to the
war with Spain. ' 5 -
The most marked increase indicated in
the appropriations for ordinary expenses
of the Government made, for the two
years 1901 and '1902 at the sessions of this
Congress over those of the two preceding
years, provided for by the Fifty-first Con
press, Is for the postal service. The neces
sity of these increasing appropriations to
meet larger business demands Is referred
to as a cause for congratulation. The ap
propriations have been reduced $128,150,091
by this Congress under those provided by
Its predecessor, and this has rendered pos
sible a reduction of taxes in the sum of
$41,000,000. By the continuance of the wise
administration now enjoyed by the repub
lic there is every reason to expect further
reduction of expenses, and especially of
taxes. \
Mr. Livingston says the Fifty-fourth
Congress was the last one that made ex
penditures for the support of the Govern
ment prior to the beginning of the Span
ish war. The Fifty-sixth Congress Is the
first to appropriate for the support of the
Government since the close of the Spanish
War. The difference between the appro
priations made by the Fifty-sixth and
those made by the Fifty-fourth Congress
is $395,4S2,272.
WASHINGTON, March 6.—Representa
tive Cannon, chairman of the House Com
mittee on Appropriations, and Represen
tative Livingston, the senior Democratic
member of "the committee, has prepared
statements of the appropriations for the
Fifty-sixth Congress which will be print
ed in the Record to-morrow. Both place
the total appropriations at $1, 4 10.062,543.
placing those for the first session at $710,
150,862, and- for the second at 5729,911,683.
Mr. Cannon-publishes, a table showing the
expenditures of the previous Congress at
$1,568,212,637,' and Mr. Livingston makes a
comparison with the Fifty-fourth Con
gress, which appropriated $1,044,580,273. In
his' statement Mr." Cannon says:
"The appropriations of the session Just
closing aggregate as nearly as can be as
certained at this time. $729,911,683. This
sura includes $123,732,688 for the postal
service and $537,000,000 for * the sinking
fund. The Increase over the appropria
tions made at the first session of this
Congress is less than t20.000.000, and the
sum is more than -accounted for by tne
increase of $10,124,450 made on account of
•the postal service, and by $13,513,037 in
the bill- that provides for the maintenance
of our navy, and for the construction,
armor and armament of the new ships of
the navy.- One large Item Is the appro
priation of $5,520,000 authorized by legis
lation at the first session of thi3 Congress
for the St. Louis Exposition.
Reduction of the Taxes. •
The total appropriations made at the
two sessions of the Fifty-sixth Congress
are $128,150,092 less than the appropriations
made during the two regular sessions of
the preceding Congress. The revenue bill
passed at this session will. It Is estimated,
reduce taxes for the coming fiscal year
$14,000,000. bringing our total estimated In
come for the coming fiscal year, Including
postal revenues, to J675.S33.042.
Of the total appropriations made at thi*
session at least $30,0<W,000 will not. In the
light of past experience,, be expended.
This considerable, mit gin between actual
expenditures and appropriations made by
Congress indicates a sum total of ex
penditures during the fiscal year 1902 of
not exceeding $699,911,683..- Tills sum In
cludes $o3,00O,000 on account of the sinking
fund required for the fiscal year 1902,
which, of course, under the terms of law,
will be met only to such an extent as
surplus revenues in the treasury may per
mit. After meetlns the fullest ordinary
requirements of tha public service under
the appropriations wnich have been made
there will remain sufficient revenue for
1902 to meet not less than $30,000,000 of tha
iequlrements of the sinking fund.
CZAR'S POLICE
TRAMPLE CROWDS
Students Are Crushed Under
j Hoofs of Horses in St.
Petersburg.
Sixty-one new arrests were recently
made at Kleff. The Government has de
cided not to make a political affair of th«
attempt made on February 27 by Peter
Karpovlch upon the iife of the Minister
of Public Instruction, M. Boroliepoff ,
when, Karpovich shot the Minister
through the neck while the latter was re
ceiving petitions at the Ministry of Pub
lic Instruction. Karpovich. who was for
merly a student at Dorpat University, will
be tried on March 20 by a court repre
senting all classes of citizens. The penalty
for this crime will not exceed fifteen
years' imprisonment.
It Is learned that Professor P. N. Melu
koff, the celebrated, historian, author of
a three-vplume "Historv.of .Russian Lit
erature" nnd of- a "History of the Period
of Poter the Great" nnd also editor of the
Russian edition of the Forman Encyclo
pedla. was taken into custody on Febru
ary 11 for participation in a conference
between liberal citizens and 150 students,
called to consider matters relating to stu
dent life and to start a petition to the
Czar. The manuscript of this petition was
found in Professor Melukoff's house. Pro
fessor Melukoff was ! dismissed several
years ago from Moscow University for lib
erallsm. He was afterward professor of
world's history at Sofia. Recently he re
turned to St. Petersburg.- . - • - ¦
Noted Historian Arrested.
The police were in charpe of Lieutenant.
General Kleiget, the Prefect of Police,
who, when he rode to the scene of iha
trouble, was hooted bv the students and
their sympathizers. Another report saya
that professors from *.he high educational
schools were among the gathering of male
and female students- who assembled on
the.Nevfky Prospect nnd that the stu
dents petitioned the clergy to hold spe
cial services in memory of Alexander II,
but the cler&y refusfd to do so on the
ground, that they had not the authority.
Meantime the petitioners were'surround
ed by the police, who d!d not seem awara
of the object of the demonstration, but
inferred it was seditious.
Tho police were warned beforehand and
twenty-five delegates from the various St.
Petersburg higher educational Institu
tions were arrested Friday night fpr meet
ing to consider student affairs. ;
Police Prefect Is Hooted.
At noon a thousand- male and female
students srathered in and around the Ka
san Cathedral on the NeVsky Prospect,
where mass for the reoose of the soul of
Czar Alexander II was being- celebrated.
After the mass the students began sink
ing: and the police gathered in great num
bers. The students wore surrounded and
driven In a crowd toward the City Hall,
not far away and also or. the Nevsky
Prospect. »
For no special reason the police began
beating the students and tramping them
under the feet of their horses. The
Nevsky Prospect was filled with spec
tators. The banks and business houses
were nearly all -closed with shutters fast
ened and doors locked. The spectators
and the women students screamed with
horror, but the police kept up their at
tack on the students until 400 of the lat
ter were driven Into the courtyard of thd
City Hall, the others escaping into the
crowd. The entire city was horrified by
the conduct of the police.
ST. PETERSBURG, March 4.-To-day
was the fortieth anniversary of the eman
cipation of the serfs. The students had
been planning for some time .to keep Jt
as a holiday and perhaps to make some
demonstration, but no particular plans
were made.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 7, 190 1.
If You Have Rheumatism
fcend no money, but ¦writeDr.Ph--wp.Raclne.Wln.,
box 157. for fix bottles of Dr.' Snoop's Rheumatic
Cur<MXp.paid. '.f- cured j.r.yJV-0,- If -not.it Is free.
MICHIGAN DEMOCRATS
DENOUNCE LEGISLATURE
Home Rule for Municipalities One of
the Measures Advocated by the
Party Convention.
GRAND RAPIDS, Mich.. March «,— Th*
Democratic State Convention held .heie
to-day elected Justin R. Whiting of,- St.
Clair to succeed Daniel J., Camoau aa
chairman of the State Central Committee.
The convention nominated Judge Allen C.
Adsit of Kent for Justice of the Supreme
Court and Elmer G. Goldsmith of Petos
key and Edward Shields of HoweU wore
named for. Regents, The resolutions!
adopted denounce the nresent State. Legln
lature generally, demand home rule, for
municipalities _ and ; express confidence in
the leadership of the party, State an.l
National. , • ¦ • ' ¦ .'..
EUEREUDZR OF INSURGENTS.
Thirty-one Filipinos Surprised and
Captured by Lieutenant West.
MANILA. March 6 -Lieutenant West,
with the punboat Laguna de Bay, sur
prised an Insurgent camp on the island
of Tallm, on Lake Bay. cast of Manila,
capturing thirty-one insurgents.
Many small detachments in various lo
calities are tmrrorxlerins daily, and it is
reported that negotiations are in progress
f^r the surrender of all Insurgents on the
Iplan«l of Obti.
2
IT WILL ADORN YOUR
LIBRARY
OR READING-ROOM.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CONTAGION AND INFECTION.
I>n Grippe Is Infectious but Hot Con-
tagious.
Contagious diseases aro communicated
from one person to another: infectious
diseases are conveyed through the air.
Smallpox Is a contagious disease; La
Grippe is Infectious. When an epidemic of
the grip Is prevailing It Is In tho air we
breathe, and no one is safe.
The only safeguard Is to keep the sys-
tem In the highest possible condition of
health, and on the first appearance of a
cold In the head to use some safe antisep-
tic like Stuart's Catarrh Tablets freely.
A tablet taken every hour or two for a
couple of days will be sufficient to break
i the attack.
La Grippe attacks the weakest part of
the system; it may be th© lungs, heart,
liver, stomach or kidneys, but wherever It
finally locates it almost invariably starts
with cold in the head and throat, or. In
other words, the disease at the beginning
Is acute cartarrb.
This Is the reason Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets have been so successful In break-
Ing up attacks of grip. The antiseptic
properties of the remedy destroy the
germs before the whole system Is thor-
oughly Infected.
Dr. Annlston says: Stuart's Catarrh
Tablets, being free from cocaine and
harmful drugs, should be freely used at
this time of year on the first appearance
of grip symptoms.
They check the excessive catarrhal
secretions, stop the fever and prevent
pneumonia.
They are composed of antiseptics and
may be used by little children as freely as
by adults and with great benefit.
Dr. Lewlston says: My usual prescrip-
tion for the grip is Stuart's Catarrh Tab-
lets -which can be found at all drugstores.
Keep to the house for a day or two and
use the tablets freely, and I have never
heard any complaint of failure to cure.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS,
50 feet on north side of Jackson street,
near Octavia,
$20,000.
THOS. MAGEE & GOXS,
S Montgomery Street. \
§*JSP Cured While
xJr\si You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
itren «hen* th* Seminal Duets, stopping Drains *a4
No dmgs to rnln ibo atomacb. but » direct local
and poilUTe application totfie entlr* uretUraUrac*
Qran-SolTent U not » liquid. liU Pimred itt
tha form of Crayon* or Pencils, smooth andflaxlol*
tad so narrow as to pass tna cJoaest Stricture.
; Every Man Should Know Himself.
' n»Vi. J«n»e« Assn.. Box8S4. Cincinnati. O.. h*i
ts^^ss^sBs^&& CRFF
•ywein. wbtcJi tb-« will s«ad «o any | ||LLl
BlblC applicant, . - . - y :-<
ST. JAMES ASSN.,
Broken
Eyeglass
Lenses replaced for 50 cents.
Any Astigmatic lenses duplicated for 91. OO
and # I -SO.
Guaranteed eorrect and best quality.
Oculists' prescription* filled. Factory oa 4
premises. Quick repairing. Phone.- Ma'.n IX »1
..... KH0T0 !. Scientific
642 Market 5t. instruments
u-otu CHP.o«icit Euu-DiMC. CaTAICCUc foil-
BAJA, CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IB A GREAT. RESTORATIVE. IN'VIGOF.A-
tor and Nervine.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both *«*?•
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases 0: the Kid-
rtys and Bladder. Sells on us own raerks.
NABER. ALFS A BRI.NE. Agents. ,<
' tn Market St.. S. F.— <Send for Circulars.)
dU. HAWS HEIN VlGORATORfijgig
Five hundred reward for any pSsP'fefiS
case wa cannot cure. Tils seem kflSB ( *»V
remedy stops all lesses ic!l noura. J
cures Emissions. Impotancy. »*'»- jsE >»v
cocele. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Flta, wjri »Hjf
Strictures. Lo«t Manh^oU ana all U|J UU
excesses. Sent sealed. $3 bottle; S hM.T!i*ii3$&
bottles *3- icusranteed'to cure any cise. Ad-
drtes HAIJ.-9 MEDICAL. INSTITUTE.- Sio
Broadway. Oakland. CaL Also for «al» at 1073V.
Market st!. S. F. All private disease* quickly
curs d. Fend for free book. ¦
DR. CROSSMAH'S SPECIFIC MIXTUR^
For the cure of GONORRHEA. OI^EETS,
STRICTURKS and analogous complaints of Ui»
Onrans of Generation.
Price Jl a bottle. For cala by druggists.
The Orip Cure That Doss Cure
Laxative JJrcxr.o-Quir.lne removes U>e tauw. •
To Cure a Cold in One > Day.'
Take Lax&tlve Bromo- Quinine Tablets. .', All «
diviKKlsts refund the money if it falls to cure
K. W. Grove's signature is on -each box,- Tic. •
Requires less sugar #^f\'ir?-C*r^V'i
thari coffee, tea or any f \|
other Cereal Coffee— the { ( CEREAL S
wholesome fruit, sugar V -, ¦^¦¦—4 _, , — /!
I. contained in figs and k*-y |
I prunes largely supplying , I
I -r i / J ; , 34 % figs and. prunes |
I ie^" 1 *!^^ " scientifically blended with S
I ''JI^E>l.y/L-9^^^ 4B% sound,, well ripened I
WJr' TF/o \; g ra * n » makes a delicious I
Uf Frilit I ta^ e beverage — the best g
¦ * * o / J Cereal Coffee.— Try it.- 1
§\ M Boilfrom ** to tO minutes only I
|\ riWAl^i^r > ALL GROCERS SELL < §
I ¦ y™~^ Flgprune Cereal. |LEGISLATIVE SCENES DURING THE WANING OF THE SESSION.
Davis, whose generalship. In the
management of the China Basin
lease ratification bill carried It to
victory In the Senate, had this to
sajvof the hard and well won fight:
"This splendid victory of the
Senate has proved a principle? for
which I have always contended;
that any railroad company can ob
tain just consideration of _- its
rights without going Into politics.
It need have no bureau of political
henchmen, and ned not be afraid of
the Legislature if It will keep Its
hands off party organizations,
whether Republican or Demo
cratic. The conservative men of
all parties can be trusted .to have
the courage to treat corporations
fairly and there need be no fear
but they will rise to the occasion
when large measures are laid be
fore them simply on their merits.
"This Senate will stand by 8an
Francisco and will help make her
the Queen of the Paciflc In so for
.as Its power lies. We are alive
to her great opportunities In the
coming years and he would be a
recreant Callfornlan who would
put one stumbling block In her
progress."
CALL. HEADQUARTERS. SAC
RAMENTO. March 6.— Senator
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SENATOR DAVIS
POINTS A MORAL
' •-"Waterman," VStanly," "Marshall" and
"Falcon". Fountain. Pens are the beat In
the world for the money., Sanborn;. Vail &
Co., stationery department, selling agents
for San Francisco. . •
. PETALUMA. March 6,— Just how Peta
luma is going to hold a ' municipal elec
tion on the 8th of next April Is engrossing
the minds of. the. big crop of candidates
that haa sprouted forth the last two
weeks. The County Clerk says that the
affidavits ¦ which constitute the county
register were used at the general election
last fall and cannot be used over again,
as they were marked "voted," and after
the election were filed in his office as part
of the County Clerk's records. There
peeme to have been ' no provision made
In .'the election law to provide affidavits
for, the use of election boards at any Bave
the first election after a . new registra
tion is ordered. Under the law these affi
davits are the . only great , registers now
allowed to be used.
Legal talent Is studying the situation.'
Some persons believe It will be Impossible
to hold a legal , municipal . election under
the present state of affairs.
Affidavits May Be Used.
PETALTJMA ELECTION TANGLE.
Doubt as to Whether Old Registration
_I know the spirit that Is put forward "to
beat this measure and I say It Is not one of
good faith. It is not a. question of attorney,
not a question of one man or the other. It
Js a question of the welfare of the. State. I
have been told by Senators upon this floor
that they would beat- this lease because it
would annoy and injure an" attorney against
whom th*y had Ill-feeling. Oh. • how I love
such patriotism, ituch. statesmanship! " To see
great questions affecting the welfare of a apm
monweaJth decided not upon their merits, not
Then Smith turned his attention to the
motives which, he said, were behind the
bill, and he laid the lash of his sarcasm
and his keen logic over the backs of the
opposition until they o.ulvered. In part he
said :
1 cannot see how that should bother this
Senate. If the Santa. Ke docs not build a
tstawall on the outside it will have to build
a retaining wall on the inside line, which is
just as costly and not nearly as valuable.
Why ehould we worry whether the Santa Fe
will do the- wise or the foolish thing?
Wolfe ¦ interrupted to ask what would
occur. If the Santa Fe filled In the Inside
twenty-four acres nnd refused to build
the seawall as required under the terms
of the new lease. Smith replied:
This would make the expenditure for the
first year of SC3.G00, or, as I figure It, an aver
age of $45,125 a year. And If the State did
the' work "It" wouid have to care for It. but
under the lease the State will practically re
ceive more than $13,000 a year, no expenses for
maintenance, all wharf and dockage privileges
and tolls, and the property itself at the end
of fifty years.
And It Is objected that it will be twenty
years before the .State, can build tha seawall
down to the leased property and so acquire It.
But that means It will be twenty years be
fore the State can drop a rock In the China
Basin, while under the lease the State will
get It already filled In twenty years, -or as
much sooner than that as she wishes to extend
the seawall. Isn't that a good business prop
osition? . . "
Ststa "Will Be Gainer.
I concede that if the State were in a position
to fill in the China Basin It could drive a
harder bargain than It could under the terms of
the lease; but is It policy to grind this down to
the last farthing? For who pays It? Come
down to my office and I'll show you who pays
seme of It. In every shipping bill there Is an
Item "State bills." It is the same thing— the
people pay It In the *-nd. ¦
Tne Santa Fe engineers estimate that to flll
in China Basin in accordance with the terms
of the~i*»S£ would cost $1,000,000. Under the
system of public works, the State could not
do It under $1,250,000. Xow, the proposition
Is that the Santa Fe shall pay $30,000 and re
turn the property In fifty years. Suppose the
State should undertake to do It. First, there
would be a bond' Issue of $1,250,000. At 3 per
cent this would demand Interest amounting to
$37,500 a year.. With this would be $1000 rent,
which the Santa Fe must pay, and $25,000 or
one-fiftieth of the principal which would go to
th« - sinking fund. ..
there is tide water on the other side of the
bay. San Francisco has no monopoly of tide
water facilities. Ships do not have to tie up at
the foot of Market street. They can go across
the bay, and tneir railroad can establish a ter
minus.
TACOMA. Mar-h 6.— Miner Joseph Walker
rr.Pt a fataj accident at CarbondaJe on Mon
day. Walker was standing on a mess of loose
coal in one cf the chut»s when the chute wa»
opened from be'.ow and the unfortunate man
vtc precipitated the full length of the pa*
fus*. !>>ath was Instantaneous.
Railroads Hake a City.
. Referring to the statement that rail
roads would pool 8nd • stop rate-cutting
Smith said: "
It fs too much to expect that the railroads In
the West shall always be cutting rates. They
must fix rates oh a merchant must fix his prices
and. through competition, the rates will be
worn down Just as prices are worn down In
trade. In the East, where the country is
bounding along with tremendous strides, they
are not continually cutting rates. Compare San
Francisco to St. Louis. Cincinnati and a dozen
other Inland cities that are growing ¦ with In
conceivable rapidity, only, because of their rail
roads. Wherever you see steel rails converge
there you will find prosperity and people. You
can no mere build a city without railroads than
you can build a railroad without steel.
I warn the Fan Francisco members to-day
that If the Santa Fe is driven out of that city.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 6.— The Senate
chamber Is still ringing with the
oratory that carried to victory the
bill ratifying the lease of China
basin. It was an all-day's battle. In
which words i:nd parliamentary points
were tossed from side to side until excite
ment was at fever heat. And it ended in
the night session. v.ith the galleries and
the lobby crowded and ladies forming a
Bood half • of the crowd who saw and
heard and applauded.
The brunt of the fight for the bill was
borne by Smith of Kern and Davis- of
Amador. For the first time In the session
Smith strode out into the aisle and turned
his logic, his keen wit and his biting sar
casm upon his opponents, without thought
of time and sparing no one. For forty
minutes he tore the theories of the oppo
sition to rags. He spared them no leg to
stand on and left their arguments shiv
ering In the cold blast of his reasoning,
and then he 'mpugned the motives of
some of the members of the opposition
and flayed them with his invective. Davis
closed the debate In a speech that made a
fitting though fiery companion for Smith's
effort of the morning. Then the roll call
sent the bill through with plenty of votes
to spare.
When the bill came up in the morning
Wolfe offered the first of a series of
amendments he had prepared— one to re
move a clause relating to former leases.
A debate followed, in which it was agreed
that the bill should "stand or fall by lteelf
—that the discussion should be on the
merits of the measure and that no amend
ments should be offered. The way thus
being opened, Wolfe spoke against the
bill, attacking the amount of the rental
demanded, the terms of the lease and the
proposition, as he described It. to make a
lease of the last of the water front that
amounted to a perpetuity.
Smith Defends the Bill.
Devlin spoke for the bill and satd he
would vote for it because the people want
ed It and ex-Governor Budd vouched for
It. Selvage declared himself In favor of
the measure. Cutter opposed It, saying It
was an Infamous measure and that he
would not vote for It were he the last
man In the State.
Then Smith of Kern entered the debate
like a twelve-Inch rifle among a lot of
rapld-firers. He generally speaks .from his
desk, drives a knife Into what he opposes
or throws it a rope If he favors it. and sits*
down. Hut to-day he -took his time and
the center of the aisle, and when he closed
there was really nothing more to Be said.
He said In part:
The history of this State has been the history
of one Ion* battle between the people and the
railroad. The attitude of San Francisco has
always been one of fierce antagonism, . but I
think it will be seen that these cities of the
Btate which have dealt fairly with the railroads
have found the railroads have dealt best by
them, and San Francisco is beginning to reallie
that she has lost millions ot dollars because of
her attitude toward the railroad. This city of
Eacratnento owes Us existence, almost, to the
chops that were driven away from San Fran-
Cisco because of the opposition to the railroad.
I think If any one looks back over the history
of the xtrugKle between the railroad and the
people he will decide that the proper course
would be to reverse the policy of all
these years; but here we find another railroad
the San Francisco delegation it Is meeting the
same kind of opposition that has cost the city
bo much.
Every business man of the city Is pleading
with us — pleadlnr with us to assist them to be
<*>m>- a commercial people and at the same time
th« representatives from there are, with but
few exceptions, opposing this. I have seen the
San Francisco delegation moved as by a finger
from th^ city at the behest of some labor or
ganization, tome laundrym»n'« union; but when
the commercial element expresses a wish the
Ban Francisco delegation opposes It or acts upon
its own opinion.
When the Valley road came down through the
San Jonquln at Bakersfleld we all hoped that
tone day It would become a connection for
some tran«contlnental railroad, and we rejoiced
when It became part of the Santa Fe. \
Ayes — Ashe, Belshaw,--'' Bettman. Caldwell,
Currier, Curtin, Davis, Devlin, Flint. Goad,
Greenwell. . I^rdner, Leavitt, Luchslnger,
L.uken». Muenter, Nelson, Nutt, . Plunkett.
Ilowell. Selvare. Simpson, Sims, Smith of
Kern. Smith, of Lob Angeles, Taylor, Tyrrell
of Nevada and Oneal— 2S.
Noes— Burnett, Byrnes, Corlett. Cutter, Hoey
Laird. Mageard, Pace, Shortridfe. Tyrrell of
San Francisco and Wolfe— 11.
Absent— Welshi
Oneal was among the "ayes when the
vote was announced because he changed
from no to aye In order, to give notice of
a motion to reconsider. It- is understood
Welsh would have voted for the bill had
he been present.
"The time has passed," . he declared,
"when any demagogue can climb to prom
inence on an antl-rallroad cry. -We would
give the lease to any railroad If it kept
out of politics as this railroad has kept
out of ft. They can have anything that,
In fairness, they can ask for."
He then went over the Important pro
visions of the lease, which were inserted
to protect the State'? interest, and closed
with a thrilling appeal In behalf of the
commercial progress of the city. The roll
call that was the aim of all the lighting
was as follows:. i'-^.*. '
An adjournment to evening was taken
and then Lukens. spoke for the bill.. Oneal
tried to get Davis to agree to an amend
ment providing for the submission of 'the
lease to the people, but Davis would say
nothing until he was allowed his Closing
argument, so Oneal subsided and Davis
rounded off the day with a speech that
rang through the Senate chamber like a
trumpet and brought a burst of applause
that -would not stop even at the rap of
the president's gavel. Davis referred to
the relations between the Republican
party and the corporations, saying it was
the party's policy -'.o show fairness to all
and fearlessness -and honor In dealing
with them.
Senator Davis' Kinging Speech.
Ashe followed In support of the measure
and then Rowell supported It, although
he said he did not think It good policy.
The consideration of the bill was passed
over the recess and the hour and a half
(for the Assembly hie and when it came
up again the opposition had decided on a
different course. Oneal submitted an
amendment providing that no Chinese or
Japanese should be employed In the work
of lilling In the basin. It was'opposed by
Davis and Sims as being an attempt to
kill the bill Indirectly when they could
not kill It directly, but Smith of Kern
closed the debate with the point of order
that the. bill was to ratify and not to
make a lease and therefore the amend
ment was not germane. The point of
order was ruled "well taken" and the
discussion proceeded. Sims and L«ardner
spoke for the bill. Shortridge afld Wolfe
spoke against It. Wolfe wasting most df
his time In a vain effort to answer "the
Senator from Kern."
San Francisco Is the center' of this na
tion, but lend the Santa Fe away and then
watch the north and the south grow. Send this
road away and other roads headed for this
coaFt will go elsewhere, and a feeling of mis
erable petty spite will wreck the prosperity of
a people.
Warning to San Francisco.
with regard to the benefit of the community,
but out of a petty, personal feeling against
some man whom th-y wish to Injure. It Is a
spirit no man would dare to stand before
this Senate and admit, no man would be will
ing to openly claim as his. own.. This Is not
the United States of America, It is the linked
States of the World, ahd Its legislation, should
be based upon a better spirit than Is shown
here. It is miserable, It Is despicable. It /Is
contemptible. r
Signs the Pendleton Bill.
SACRAMENTO, March 6.— Governor
Gs£i» has signed Speaker Pendleton's bill
whirh pives th« State Board of Health ab
solute authority over county Boards of
Health in all cas^s of plague, cholera and
other contagious diseases.
Governor Gag^e Vetoes an Appropria
tion for a Gymnasium.
SACRAMENTO. March 6.-<3overnor
<; r ir:e to-day signed trie following Assem-
Wy bills:
By Orwr- Maiir.B the mutilation of the prop
erty cf a public library a misdemeanor.
By Cowan— To pay tho claim of O. O. Web
brr" for foreclosing on delinquent holders of
c-hool land?.
By Fh^ridan— Maklnp the per.altr for kidnap
ins punishable r>y Imprisonment for from ten
yr-ars to life.
Governor Gape has vetoed Carter's bill
appropriating 510.00J for moving and re
furnishinp the gymnasium of the L»os An
geles Normal School. The amount Is held
to l*e ejxessive. because $10,000 was ap
propriated for the specific purpose In 1S1!>
and has not yet been expended. More
over the appropriation is made payable
immediately instead of January, 1902.
SIGNS THREE ASSEMBLY BILLS
5 AN JOSH. March 6.— Preliminary work
on the Impounding: dam of the new power
riant, which Is to utilize the waters of the
Mount Hamilton watershed, began this
mornf r.g. A force of fifteen men and a
civil ersfrineer are now at the dam site on
Santa Ysabel Creek and have commenced
excavations. The men left the city this
rru rnins, provided v»Hh a complete equip
ment and provisions for an extended stay.
Pepper £c Register, the engineering: firm
of Philadelphia, who purchased the water
rifrhts from C. V.'. Quilty of this city, will
« xjvnd nearly $l.(KO.000 4n building and
equipping the plant. The site selected for
l Iip dam and reservoir is on Santa Yeabel
< "reek, m-ar Mount Hamilton, and at>out
twenty miles from this city on an air line.
It affords facilities for storing Immense
quantities of water. The reservoir will
he- .about thrf>«» miles Ions and half a mile
weUU and the storage capacity will be suf
f;< ir nt to supply SMS horsepower.
K'.ghteen miles from h'-re, in Calaveras
Valley, wi'.l Y>e located the electric plant
and from there the power will be carried
to San Francisco.
There arf various rumors as to the pur
porps of the new enterprise. It Is said
• on t rarte hav been entered into with San
Ptancteco companies fcr all the power
that can be furnished.
System.
Syndicate to Spend a Million Dollars
on the Mount Hamilton Water
EXCAVATIONS BEGUN
FOE IMPOUNDING DALI
The amendment made to-day was of
fered by Johnson, its main object being
The Senate bill fixing the .salaries of
Deputy Superintendents of Schools In San
Francisco at $3000 is in somewhat of a
muddle and it promises to 'have a rough
voyage. It came up In the Assembly on
third reading to-day, but was amended
and will come back to-morrow to be made
the object of further attack. ti
School Salaries Bill Amended.
Anderson also spoke in opposition . to
Fisk's amendment, bu: before a vote was
reached the time for consideration of Sen
ate bills expired and the whole matter
was left over as unfinished business, for
consideration to-morrow. . -
Foster spoke at some length against the
amendment and quote.l from a letter by
President Benjamin Ide Wheeler to Sena
tor Lukens in which this bill was called
the most important of the university bU'<?
and asserting that unless some means of
permanent Increase in revenue for main
tenance be provided it would be advisable
to establish tuition fees.
Fisk precipitated a fight to-day on Sen
ate bill 539, the act" providing for a con
tinuous appropriation for the University
of California, by the Insertion of an item
of $200,000 in the general appropriation bill
biennially during the next ten years.
Fisk's fight was not made In an unfriend
ly spirit toward the university, but be
cause he believed the bill was an attempt
to bind future legislatures— an impossible
thing.
Fisk offered an amendment striking out
the figures "$200,000" and inserting the
words "a sum sufficient for the support
and maintenance of '.he institution." lit.
believed such an amendment would make
the bill less objectionable on the ground
Just stated and also would leave latitude
for an Increase in appropriation from ses
sion to. session.
To Amend University Bill.
In caucus a motion was made to accept
the Senate bill, but it was defeated, the
vote being 23 ayes to 26 noes. Some harsh
criticism of Senators for attempting to
Ignore the Assembly in the matter of As
sembly district apportionment was ex
pressed, and a motion to adopt Duryea's
amendments prevailed by a vote of 30 ayes
to 9 noes.
James had offered an amendment to the
Los Angeles apportionment, but It 'was
voted down without compunction, though
the Assembly enjoyed his speech.
Duryea offered the amendments to the
committee amendments, which were aft
erward accepted by the , caucus. Irish
spoke in favor of Duryea's amendments,
saying that a Democratic district had
been formed for ; him— a district that
would make a 1200 mile ride by buggy
necessary to get from one end of it to the
other.
On motion of Anderson the bill and its
amendments were made a special order at
11 o'clock to-morrow.
James of the Seventy-third District, the
only Democrat in the Los Angeles delega
tion, made a humorous speech on the
manner In which his district had been
gerrymandered. He said that from a
compact city district it' had been changed
to a shoestring twenty-four miles long
and about three inches wide. This had
been done in order to put the Soldiers'
Home, with nearly 2000 Republican votes.
In the district to overcome the Democratic
majority of the Eighth Ward. He likened
the shape of the district, which he showed
on a map, to a monument set to com
memorate his political demise, and to a
grandfather's clock, ¦which Carter of the
Apportionment Committee, mindful of
"Alice" and the Assembly clock, had
blocked out.
James Grows Humorous.
The Assembly.' took up the Apportion
ment Committee's amendments to the
Senate bill this morning. The essential
change proposed by the committee was to
strike out all of section 2. relating to As
sembly districts, and to insert instead the
scheme embodied In the Assembly bill.
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO, March 6.— After a long contest
over the apportionment bill to-day the
Assembly made that ' measure a special
order for to-morrow at 11 o'clock. At
4:30 p. m. the Republican majority cau
cused and agreed upon amendments
which insure the passage of .the bill so
far as the Assembly is concerned, but
whether the Senate will concur Is another
question. • *
The Assembly will leave the Senatorial
districts as fixed in the Senate bill. In the
Assembly districts San Benlto loses its
Assemblyman and is put in the Fifty
ninth District with Monterey. El Dorado
is taken from Placer, leaving an Assem
blyman to the latter county alone. Ama
dor and Calaveras are put in the Eleventh
District, and Alpine. Mono and El Dorado
are grouped in the Fifty-eighth District.
TWO HOUSES CLASH
ON APPORTIONMENT
Assemblymen Criticize the Senate for
Ignoring Them in Redistricting and
Then They Freely Amend the Bill.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
to prevent the application of the (aw to
Sacramento.
It inserted the words "in any city hav
ing a population of more than 35.000 Inhab
itants" in section 2, In which city Boards
of Education^ are- empowered to fix the
salaries of Deputy Superintendent*.
Brown of San Mateo called attention to
tthe fact that section 1»49 >f ;he Political
Code was so amended by the bill as to
leave no provision for the appointment of
Deputy County Superintendents and said
the bill as It stood ought to be defeated
Sutro tried to amend by raaklns th3
salary of San Francisco r>eputy Superin
tendents $1800>per year instead of .$3000.
but the amendment was lost. The bill
went to the printer with rush orders an.t
the contest will be rsnewed to-morrow. .
Having Fun "With Brady.
Brady's telephone bill (Assembly bill
379) barely failed to pass the Assembly
to-night and there is a good chance for It
to obtain the necessary forty-one vote*
on reconsideration to-morrow. The bl'-l
was put on final passage without debate.
A call of the House was necessary and
after a half hour of horse play with ab
sentees who were brought before the bir
of the Assembly th*» bill had 39 aye3.
Brady changed from aye to no to give
notice of a motion to reconsider an.l
eighteen members followed suit for tha
fun of watching the consternation deplet
ed in Brady's face. The vote as finally
announced — 21 a3*es to 47 noes — Is not an
index to the Assembly's attitude on the
bill.
Ralston called up Assembly bill 873. on
the third reading 'file, out of order this
afternoon, and on his motion It was
amended to conform to th© aETeement
which had been signed by the Big Basin
Lumber Company. By the amendment tha
Redwood Park Commissioners to be ap
pointed under the act are compelled to
select the land for the contemplated pa>k
from "that tract of lan.l commonly known
as the Big Basin, situated In Santa Criu
and San Mateo counties." This gives as
surance that the $230,000 cannot be divert
ed from the purpose by the
leaders of the movement for the preserva
tion of the. giant redwoods of Big Basin.
The Assembly to-dayi passed the game
protection bill, which/ in the form in
which it will go to the Senate, permits
of the killing of but three deer by any
one person In a season and absolutely
prohibits the salp of quail. No game may
be shipped out of the State and only fifty
ducks may be killed by a huntsman In a
day. the sportsman's "bag" of quail be
ing restricted to tw«fnty-flve. These are
the features of the bill.
LYNCH BOBS SOME LOBBYING.
Hold TJp the Santa Fe.
Represents the Bosses Who Seek to
CALL HEADQUARTERS, SACRA
MENTO. March 6.— John C. Lynch, United
States Internal Revenue Collector, is here
as the agent of Doodling bosses to oppose
the ratification of the China basin lease.
For a long time he has been neglecting
his duties as an officer of the Federal
Government to concern himself In affairs
of State legislation, and now with shame
ful audacity ' and conceited recklessness
he is working against the commercial in
terests of San Francisco. It would be on
a par with his previous performances In
Sacramento if he should exhibit bogus tel
egrams and seek thereby to create the
impression that the merchants and busi
ness men of" the metropolis were demand
ing that the leate should be rejected.
Lynch la known to be the superservlce
able agent of boodllng bosses, ready to re
sort to any scheme of fraud to mislead
legislators. lie is "cheek by jowl" with
Martin Kelly and others of the boodiing
type who have been planning in secret for
the past month to stand up the Santa Fe.
Leading Republicans who have observed
Lynch's continued neglect of official duty
and noted his silly pretensions to"sp«»ak
for the Republican party, talk of urging
Senators Perkins and Bard to take Im
mediate measures to terminate his career
as an officer of the Federal service. It
is known that Perkins vigorously pro
tested against Lynch's conduct in seeking
to defeat J. H« Nelson, the Republican
nominee for State Senator In the Twenty
fifth District. Lynch also worked indus
triously to defeat C. M. Belshaw. Repub
lican nominee for Senator in the Eleventh
District: Wherever he expressed a pref
erence the voters defeated his preferred
candidate, but yet Perkins and Bard,
agreeing that he was a disturbing ele
ment of the party .and should be removed
from office, failed t& agree as to his suc
cessor.
The story Is now circulated that Senator
Perkins, who conce'led the appointment
to Senator Bard. Is holding out to Lynch
a promise of reappolntment. Public men
who know the temper of the people of
California assert that Perkins will not
dare to arouse such opposition to himself
as Lynch's reappointment would provoke.
Smith of ' Kern and Davis of Amador Brilliantly Lead the
Fight For the Bill in the Upper House and the Op-'
position Is Borne Down to an Inglorious Defeat
During the 'nqucst A. J. Campbell testi
fied that on Sunday evening James Whec
look told him he wa.s roinc to visit Mrs.
Martin and declared he would choke her
to death. This le<J to Wheelock's arrest
and it is eaid :he chain cf evidence against
him is very strong— indeed, that not only
was the crime ooznmitt-d which he threat
ened to commit but thai he was s<?en go-
Ir.jr !n that direction by different persons.
The dead woman was the mother of td
Martin, B. J. Martin and Frank Martin,
well-known young men of this county.
"We. the Coroner's jury, find that the
deceased. Mrs. Cmily 1. Martin, aged €7
years, came to her death at Coutolenie.
Butte County. Cal., on March 3. 1901. by
being- strangled by the hands of a party
unknown."
Sheriff Wilson, accompanied by Deput..*
District Attorney Boynton. started for the
scene of the murder. A Coroner's jury
¦was impaneled and rendered the following
verdict:
Mrs. Emily Martin, an old resident of
Coutolenie. was foujvi dead In bed on
Tuesday morr.inff by a woman livlne in
the neighborhood. Not having seen Mrs.
Mania about ;he place as usual the neigh,
hor irent over to investigate. Failing: to
receive a response to several knocks she
looked through a -.vimiow and saw the
lifeless body of the owner of the cottage.
Assistance was summoned and the neigh
tors, on entering: the house, found th*t
Mrs. Martin had died cf strangulation.
Kinder prints and scratches appeared
plainly on her neck.
OROVILLK, March C.-Jamfs Wheelock
occupies a ceil la the County JaJI and over
his head hangs a charge so serious that it
is feared an enraged populace may not
wait for the !aw 10 take its course should
his g-uilt be proved. TVheelock ts accuse*:
of a helr.ous crime, the victim being a
woman C7 years of ase. The tragedy was
enacted on Sunday night at Coutolenie,
thirty miles north of «iere.
£;*c!a! Dispcich to The Call.
James WIfeelock Is Accused of ths
Bnital Strangling of Mrs.
Emily llartin of
Coutolenie.
Assassin's Crims Arouses
the Populace of Butte
County.
CHOKES AN AGED
WOMAN TO DEATH
SENATE BY A LARGE MAJORITY
RATIFIES CHINA BASIN LEASE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 7- 1901.
3
ATJVEBTISEMENTS.
«I doctored •with three different doctor* for
weak heart, but they did me do good." writes
Mrs. T«lia A- WV.eox, of Cyernrt. Wood Co.. Ohio.
Xtoz St. "J was *o tired and discoarasred if I had
had my choice to Jive or die I would hare pre-
ferred to dir. My husband heard cf 'Golden
Medical Discovery' and he bocght a bottle. I
tock that and thr'fimt half seemed to help me.
I took six bottle* before I stoppejj._l am per-
fectly well, nnrt am ooofc-cgr for six boarders.
It hes been a CaJ-secd lo roe."
• Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets cure con-
stipation.
fits wife's |li
It is a dngular thing that in the
popular view of disease the interde-
pendence of the several organs of the
body is lost sight of. The heart, for.
example, is diseased and it is treated as
if it -were entirely separated from, 'and
Independent of, evcrr other organ. N
The fallacy of this opinion is shown
by the cures of heart "trouble," liver
"trouble," kidney "trouble" and "other
ao-called '•troubles," effected by the use
of Dr. Pierce's Golden Medical Discov-
ery. Primrily the "Discovery" is a
medicine for the cure of diseases of the
stomach and blood. But it cores dis-
eases of organs seemingly remote from
the stomach, because these diseases have
their origin iu a diseased condition of
the stomach and its associated organs
of&digestion and nutrition.
ACKERMAN & KOHN
(Formerly with the Calif oral* Furnitur*
'--;; Company).
The Only Exclusive Carpet House on
the Coast.
THE LARGEST DEALERS IN
BijSelow
Axminster,
The mo«t beautiful and desirable ot
afl Carpets.
Patterns Are All Our Prlvato
Designs
And can be purchased nowhere else.
Before pnrchasing call and inspect
our immense stock of Carpets," Lino-
leums, Mattings, etc., of every grado
and lowest possible prices.
ESTIMATES FURNISHED. 1
ACKERMAN~& KQHN,
Exclusive Carpeters. '¦
Starr King Building. 123 Geary street
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best NATURAL Alkaline Water.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
«*, Steamer* leavs Broadway
*^ Wharf. San Francisco:
f9feh«Lt_ For Alaskan Port."« — 11 a. in..
BH^^&V March I. 7. 12. 17. 13. 27. April
KE»t2&S*i 1- Chanje to company*!
C&nsnS »t»am*n« tt SMttl?.
t9&533 5i§ For Victoria. Vancourtr (B.
EfiSK^C^Sai c -*- Port Townaend. 6»attl«.
Tacoma. Everett. Anacorte*
and Now Whatcoin CWash.>-
g au m.. March 7, 7. 12. 17.
12. n. April 1. and every fifth day thereafter.
Cbanfc* nt Seattle for thta company's steamer*
for Alaska and O. N. Ry.: at Seattle -or Ta->
coma to N. P. Ry.: «t Vancouver to C P. Ry-
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay— 2 p. m.. MareK
4. ». H. 19. 24. 29. April J, and every nrUi day
thereafter. '
Fox pan Diego, stepping only at Santm Bar-
bara. Port Ixj» Angeles and R^dondo (!«• An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. "Wednesdays. 9 a. m.:
steamer Santa Rosa. Sunday*. 3 a. in.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon. Cay*
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblapo). Oavl*
ota. ' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hceneme. San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angel#s> and
Newport— Steamer Corona. Fridays, t a. ra. I
Steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays. Is. n.
For Enwnada, Magdalena Bay, Saa Jo«» d>l
CabcvMazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Roaatta-
and Cuaymas (Mex.>— 19 a. m.. "th each month.
For further Information obtain company's
folders. - • -
The company re«"»rves the rljht to cn«njr*
steamers, sailing dates and hours of (aUtos
without rr»Tiou« notice.
TICKET OFFICER New Montgomery
street fPalaee Hotel>.
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Acts..
10 Market «t.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & fl. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
From Spear-street "VTnarf at 11 a. m.
CADC $12 F»rst Class Including Bsrth
lAllL S3 Second Clas* arjd Meal*.
COLUMBIA satis Mar. 4. 14. 24. Apr. J
GEO. W. ELDER sails Mar. 9. 19. J9. Apr. «
' Short Line to Walla 'Walla, Spokan«. Butt*.
Helena and all points In the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
1 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 v. m..
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kob* (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on day
of sailing.
S3. AMERICA MARU.... Friday. March IS. 1301
SS. HONGKOXQ MARU.. Tuesday. April 9. 1901
S3. NIPPON MARU Friday. May 3.J301
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's otflcs.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
AMERICAN LINE.
RV T0RX. 80CTSAKPT0N. L0HD0H. PASXJL
Stopping at Cherbourg", westbound.
From New York Every Wednesday at 10 aw m.
St. Louis Mar. UlSt. Louis April S
New York Mar. 20 New York April W
Vaderland Mar. 27 1 Vaderland April IT
RED STAR LINE;
N«w Yorlc and Antwam>
From ye-w York Every Wednesday. 13 Noon.
Westernland ...Mar. 13) Frlesland April a
Kensington ....Mar. 20|Southwark .—April W
Noordland Mar. 27 1 Westernland ..April 17
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHAS. D. TAYLOR. General Agent.
Paclflo Coast. 10 Montgomery tt.
UCOJillCS.O.Lv. "ALAXD »« SYDNEY,
VVVUUiv y t y»vv» direct use roUHWk
SS. SIERRA, for Honolulu, Samoa, New
Zealand and Australia. :........
Thursday, March 7. • p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA, for Tahiti
Wednesday. March 13. 4 p. m.
SS.'MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)........ ......
- % Saturday. March 18, 2 p. m.
j D SPIECKELS k B30S. CO.. Basnl Igints, 327 Marttt St
ta'l Puwiipr Otto, 843 ftrtet St, Pkr Ito. 7, Paciflc U
PANAMA R. R. S3?
To NEW YORK via PANAMA Direct
Cabin. ?1O5: Steerajre. #4O.
5. S. St. Paul sails Thursday, Mar. 7.
S. S. Argyll sails Saturday, Mar. 23.
S. S. Roanoke sails Tuesday, April 2.
From wharf, foot of Lombard »t. • »* * Pv m -.
Freltrht and pas^nRrer office. 33) Market st.
F. F. CONNOR. Paciflc Coast Agent.
HAMBURG-AMERICAN LINE.
Twin-Screw Express Service.
FLYMOtTTII-CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Deutuchland ...April IS IF. Bismarck May »
Columbia May 2IDeutschland — May IS-
Twln-Screv* Passenger Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
WaUlersee ....March 161 Pennsylvania .March 30
•Batavla March 23! Pretoria .April 13
•Satis to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg^Amerlcai) Line. 37 B'way. N. Y.
- IIERZOG Jfc CO.. Oeneral Agents for Paciflc
Coast, 401 California street.
?ACITIC 67SAX HAVIOATIOn CO. AND
C0MPAMIA StTD AXE&ICAHA OS VAPORY
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing:
S3. COLOMBIA March S. Wl
ast TITCAPEL March 20. 1301'
si! iREQinPA , April ?. 1MI
SS. LIMARt i,-**" 11 ,, 17 ' "W
At 12 m. from Section 2, Seawall.
These steamers are built expressly for Central
and 8outh American passenger servic?. (Xo
change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight and
Dasaenrn- «ffl«-e SIS Cnllfornla street.
BALFOUR. GCTHRIK & CO.. Agonts.
COXPAOSIE 6S5SB1LC TBA33ATLANTIQU2.
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS,
Sailing every Thurj-iay. Instead of -<KSC»
Saturday, at 10 a. to., from Pier &•'*•«*
North Rlvw. foot of Morton street. First-class
tn Havre toi and upward. Second class to
Ilavr? $45 and upward. GENERAL AGENCY
FOR UNITED STATER and CANADA. 33
Broadway <Hudson building). New York. J
? fTGAZI * CO.. Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery- avenue. San Francisco. Tickets
woM by all Railroad Ticket Agent.*.
BAY AND B1VEB STEAMEKS.
"l^oiTorsriSvY YARD AHD .VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello."
HON.. Tucs.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat. at 1:45
a m.. 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (ex. Thursday night): Fri-
days. 1 p. m. and 8:30; Sundays. 10:30 a. tn.. 1
p. m. Landing and office, Mission-street Dock,
pier No. 1 Tzlcphon* Mala ttOfc,
PLASM.ON
ANUTRITIOUS FOOBk
The most concentrated form of nourishment for .
the strong, weak, healthy, sick, old and young
. Discovered by the e'mi nent Chemist, DR. SIEBOLD
Endorsed by; the great Medical Authority, PROF. VIRCHftW,
PLASMON is the most digestible and nutritious food known
' to medical science.
PLASMON is a light powder made from fresh milk, and is
¦"-" albumen in its purest and 'most natural form.
PLASMON is a muscle building, nerve sustaining food,
easily digested and immediately assimilated by .the
most delicate system.
PLASMON in wasting diseases, chronic affections of the
stomach, intestines and liver, diabetes, brings rapid and
v permanent recovery.
PLASMON. is perfectly soluble and may be mixed with any
other food or beverage. It is tasteless, but makes every
y dish palatable.
PLASMON has a higher, food value than any other food;
added 'to othefr foods it greatly enriches their noin>
. .ishment.
PLASMON may be used as a substitute for fresh meat and
eggs.- It is the cheapest form ' of pure nourishment
known. One teaspoonful contains all the nourishment
of one-quarter pound of the best beef. ">
PLASMON is recommended by the world's greatest physi-
cians for invalids and. convalescents. .
"PLASMON is not a substitute. It is itself Nature's nutriment.
.'. For Sale at Leading^Druggists and Grocers
AMERICAN PLASBJONSYNDICATE, Ltd., New York
'; ."Information cheerfully given at offices of, Syndicate .
2O4 Crocker Building, San Francisco"I j don't know how the fire started."
said Flood yesterday afternoon. "When I
got heme my wife asked me to fix a
clothesline, so that she might dry some
clothes. I was stretching the line when I
heard some one call out that the house
was on flre. I ran up the stairs and found
that the flames were issuing from the
bedroom occupied by myself, wife nnd
children. The smoke was so dense that
it was impossible for me to see the crib
occupied by the little ones. I proped my
way to the crib, however, and found them.
Not petting an answer he ran to an en
pine-house on Mint avenue and gave an
alarm. The firemen responded in a few
moments and quickly extinguished the
blaze.
In 57544454 5— 43— S5
David Bell-
Out 55554555 5—44.
In S445S&55 5— »!— S3
Horace Rawltns—
Out 57455444 5-43
In 6 6 5 4 5 5 5 5 6-4S-S3
F. J. Riley—
Out « 3 8 4 4 5 7 4 4—45
•In ". S4G50455 5— 41— S3
Harry Rawllna—
Out 77844345 4-M
In 66«*«4S4 5— 4*-94
Robert Johnstone—
Out 56544455 6-44
In 5675D4SS 5—51—93
The scores for the four rounds are given
In the table:
The professional pnlf tournament over
thirty-s-lx holes which wa3 begun on
Tuesday on the Prosldio links -was finished
yesterday, Willie Sir.ith winning th<» first
prize of $50, Horace Rawlins capturing
the second award of $00 and David Bell
taking the third premium, $20. Though
Willie Smith's scons was seven strokes
higher than hi3 score on the first day his
two rounds of 43. -B, were still the hest
made • yesterday. Horace Rawlir.s won
second prize by the narrow margin of ono
.stroke, his total for the four rounds beir.ic
176. while QaVld Bt-H'd was 177. F. J.
Riley finished only one stroke behind
Bell, while Robert Johnstone and Harry
Rawlir.s. brousht up the rear. Tl^ full
details are shown in tho table: •
Competitors —
1234SC7S9
Willie Smith—
Out 64545454 «— 43
Horace Eawlins T>efeats TJavld Bell
for Second Place by Harrow
Margin of a Single *
Stroke. .
Takes First Prize in a Pro
fessional Tournament
on Prisidio Links.
GOLFER SMITH
IS THE WINNER
HELD FOR EMBEZZLEMEXT.-George W.
Johnston, a collector for the Emporium, was
held to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Fritz yesterday on a charge of embez
zlins $200 belonging' to his employers.
STATE FLORAL SOCIETY. MEETING— Th'«
California State Floral Society will hold Us
next regular monthly meeting at Central lHair
223 Sutter street, to-morrow afternoon; . In ad- 1
<1it ion to the regular business of . the society'
Mrs. Austin SperrV will give an informal talk
upon her trip around the world.
.That Louis Koenig is not lying on a slab
in the Morgue instead of a cot In the Re
ceiving Hospital is dua to the telegraph
wires in front of tho'Soto House' 21
Fourth street. Koenlg fell from a window
in the third story almost forty feet to the
eidcwalk. recelvlne orwy a few bruises
He claims he was trying to raise the win
dow to "admit fresh air and lost, his bal
ance." Koenig is a man about 43 years of
age and weighs about 250- pounds * lie
declined to give any information about
himself. He engaged his. room Tuesday
night and is supposed to be a stranger in
the city. '
Telegraph Wires Save His Life.
Tanforan Selections.
First race — Gonfalon. Specific, Kdlnborough
Second race — Tho Phoenician. Owensboro,.
Wyomlnjj. ¦
Third race— Isallne, St. Cuthbert, Kitty
Kelly.
Fourth race — Advance Guard. Formero. • Au
tumn.
Fifth race— Artena, Introductor, Illilouon.
Sixth race— Fondo, Sir Kingston. Vain. ilH
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; selling: .
1967 Free Lance 1131 2019 Catastrophe ...106
1524 Sir Kingston.:. 104 1942 Dr. Cave 110
2002 Fondo 961 1980 Vain lQi
Fifth ' race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds;
purse:'
1991 Illilouon 104 1954 Introductor ....112
2014 Artena 107 2002 Klngstelle 107
1978 Commuter 107 1978 Oulbo 107
1500 Sisenylne 104 2018 Carlovlnglan ..104
Fourth race — One and a sixteenth miles;
three-year-olds and upward; handicap:
(1916) Ad v' nee Guard.l22 1 (1945)Flori2ar a Ill
(ISSDAutumn Ill 1956 Tuthill ..: 107
2005 Formero 1011 2005 Gonfalon 108
Third race — Six and .a half furlongs; . four
year-olds and upward; selling:
(19S2)Kltty Kelly.... 94 1967 Donator ........ 97
2006 Handicapper ..108 2005 Danger's Mald.lOJ
2017 Isallne 106 1951 St. Cuthbert.... 91
Second race— One and an eighth miles; four
year-olds and upward; pelllng:
(2006)The Phoentc'n.l06j 201*7 Owensboro 103
2006 Wyoming 106' 1994 Topmast 106
First race — Five furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; purse:
2014 Ringer .......... 92 '2015 Edinborough ..113
2005 Gonfalon 109 2005 Sad Sam .......lto
19S1 Specific ...114
Tanforan Entrie3.
The Lincoln Monument League met at
this California Hotel last r.Jzht and ap
pointed a committee to prepare a report
on tho matter of permanent headquar
ters. Mrs.. Georgia Hodgeman, president
of the Ladles' Auxiliary, reported having
secured the consent of Major General
Shafter to hold a picnic sometime during
the 6ufnmer on Angel Island. The League
adopted resolutions expressing sorrow at
the death of the late Judge Cooney and
«xtend*d to the family cf the deceased the
sympathy of the members.
Lincoln Monument League.
First race— Pat Morrissey. Mitten, Don Luis.
Becond race— St. Rica, Jingle Jingle. Tris
train.
Third race— Flora Pomona. Botany, Jack Tyr
rell.
Fourth race — Opponent. Twinkler. El Mido.
Fifth race — Entries close to-day.
Kixth race— Dollle "WeUhoff, Peace, Loving
Cup.
Oakland Selections.
Sixth race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds; sell
ing.
1951 Peace 106 1276 Homestake ....104
.... Gartalene 104 1986 Boundlee 1C5
2001 Dollle W'eith'fr.104 1S20 Loving Cup Hi
16<3 Alicia VX <19S9)St. Wood 109
1952 Rio Cblco 106|
Fifth race— Entries close to-day at 9 a, in.
Fourth race— One mile and seventy yards;
three-year-olds and upward; selling.
UL2 Bancor 109, 2TC3 El Mido 103
1S91 Spike S9'(199S)Moringa 103
2f£» Twlnkler . 1031 197* Uarda 104
1876 Opponent 103!
Third race— Three and a half furionfs;
Znalden two-year-olds; purse.
19RS Fred Atterb'ry.107. 1*63 Botany 103
18i3 Torila ¦- 1C2| 2010 Vaterscratch ..109
J»U Monastic 107' 1S«I Flora Pomona.. 109
1SC2 Port Bell 108! 1S3S Achilles 114
\m Marlosa 113 2034 Teddy Marks. ..114
ISC4 Isar 1/9; 191S Legato '.. 103
1C2S Jack Tyrrell.. ..116 2C10 Flattered 102
ISJS Carlo 112'
Second race — Five and a half furlongs; three
ye&r-olds and upward; selling.
14« Lillie Dlggs.... S2j 1S37 Kldred 92
2022 Pilot S3| 203J Ting-a-Ling ... 87
ISTi Jack McCabe...lOJ 2C24 Ft. Rica 54
1997 Trletrain 91 1SS8 King's Pal 106
1SSS Jingle Jingle... 1011
First race— One mile; three-year-olds and up
ward; gelling.
;02S Jlra McCleevy. .MS, 1S65 Ringmaster ....110
195*9 Stromo 110 20S3 Florabird 113
1937 Pat Morrlesey..llOj 2020 Don Luis Ill)
2)23 Mitten 10S|
Oakland Entries.
FAST DOGS WILL
CHASE THE HARES
Big Open Stake to Be Run
Off at Union Coursing
X al &. ¦
An" Excellent Card* to Be Presented
on- Saturday and Sunday
An open stake with 120 dogs entered "will
be run oft at Union -Courslnc Park next
Saturday and Sunday. Some very fast
and clever dogs wili bo slipped and as
the hares arc running in great form ex
citing courses should result. Following »s
Uie result of last night's drawing:
Open stake, one hundred and twenty entries—
<lold Dust Kennels' Brutus vs. D. J. Healy'a
Urania; H. Lynch's Lilac vs. H. A. Deckel
man's Lawrence; W. C. Badger's Alameda
Lad vs. W. Kahn's Gold Ore; Chiarinl Bros.'
Brass Button vs. J.. Dean's Connemara; F. A.
McComb's Hoyal Fashion vs. O. Toland's
Twilight Jr.; Kay Bros.' Hawker vs. E. M.
Kellogg's Kid McCoy; Clark & Brodle's Ideala
vs. W. C. Glasson's Dew Drop; Pasha fennels'
Royar Artist vs. P. J. Healy's Tapioca; Vo
n.'mlte Kennels' . Beauty Spot vs. Pasha Ken
iil-Is' Hound About; George Farkcrson's Ben
Lomond vs. Gold Dust Kennfls' Sprlngback;
Russell & Allen's First Foot .vs. George Shar
man's Black Flush; R E. de B. Lopez * Son's
Sarah vs. H. H. Gray's Roria; H. A. Deckel
man's Snapshot vs. Storl & Knowles' Sleety
Mist; T. J. Cronin's Vandal vs. Sterl &
Knowles' Ripple; J. Hurley's Riley
(Jrannan vs: F.-"A. McComb's Frosty Morn;
E. M. Kellogg's Iowa Boy vs. F. A. Mc-
Comb's Bona Fide; T. Rlley's Cascade vs.
Uusscll & Allen's Daisy Claire; Pasha Ken
nels' Risky Attempt vs. Yosemlte - Kennels'
Uncle Fuller; Curtis & Sons' Vulcan vs.
George Sharman's Chicago Boy; J. Hurley's
O K Capitol vs. J. S. Hurley's Hurricane;
Gold Dust Kennels' Forget vs. J. Hurley's
Orammacy; P. Jackson's Honor Bright vs. Tv
W. liartel's Banner Bright: C. Bonnei-'s Wild
Norah vs. P. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud; T.
Coleman's Linton vs. F. A. McComb's Craw
ford Lass; J. Holden's Scottish Chief vs.
Pasha Kennels' Fiery Face; R. E. de B. Lo
pez & Son's The Levite vs. George Sharman's
St. Ives; D. J.' Healy's Lady Claire vs. Bus
sell &. Allen's Talk To Me; Russell & Allen's
Faithful Lad vs! W. J. Leonard's Tom Tur
ley; E. N. Kellogg's Buck vs. Yosemlte Ken
nels' Freedom'B Banner; IJirkey & Rock's
Lady's Choice vc. J. T. McCarthy's John Doe;
F. Jones' . Wedgewood vs. J. Smith's Boney
Boy; Irwiii & Lyon's Silver Wings vs. Curtis
& Sons' War 'Eagle;. A. Vanderwhlte's Lear
King vs. P. J. Hellly.'s Warship: S. "Hanley's
Twin City Girl vs. F. Jones' Harlean Gladys;
Pasha Kennels' Royal Anne vs. Yosemlte Ken
nels' Mose; Sterl & Knowles" Oleta vs. Chia
rinl Bros/ Santonin; Russell & Allen's Spiteful
vs. George Ne^thercott's Floodgate; Walsh &
Heenan's Sacramento Boy vs. J. J. Kenny's
Hot Hastq; J. Dowling's Sir Lawrence vs. T.'
J. Cronin's Daisy Dale; D. Toland's Pl»agant
Girl vs. Clark & Brodle's Memory; T. W.
Bartel's Mac's Melody vs. D. J. Healy's Tibu
ron: Chiarinl Bros.' Bunko Bill vs. E. Geary's
Ireland: Aeneld KennelV Achilles vs. George,
Watson's FI.FI; W. N. Hoag's Cecil M vs.
Gold Dust Kennels' St. Michael; M. Gleason's
Aconite vs, P. Doyle's Thelma; R. E. de B:
Lopez' & Son's Jewess vs. P. Stelnhoff's Veto;
Clark & Grotage'p Lady Flavia . vs. L. F.
Bartel'8 Best Bargain; T. J. Cronin's Vixen
vs. Curtis A Son's Shadow; Curtis & Sons'
Braeon vs. F. A. McComb's Mottc; P. J.
Rellly's Royal. Union vs. 'A. Vanderwhlte's
Montana Belle; P. Doyle's . Liberator vs. D.
Dillon's Granuvllla; D. J. Healy's Nlcaslo vs.
J. Smltli'B Master Workman: Pasha -Kennels'
Random Aim vs. H. Lynch'8 Game Cock:J.
J. Keenan's Lundln Links vs. A, R. Harri
son's Brier Root; Ae"neld Kennels' Aeneas vs.
P. J. Kellly's LouKhneaugh ; H. Lynch's Lottie
M vs. Gl Lennon's Half Moon; F. A. Mc-
Comb's Little Sister vs. Pasha Kennels' Ro
man Athlete; E. Geary's America vs. Ersklne
& Jones' Lavender; Pasha Kennels' Real Ar
ticle vs. RUzsell & Allen's RoMe Claire; T. Ix»
gan's Miss Grizzle ' vs. P. Jackson's Golden
Russet.
SUIT FOR. SALVAGE.— The Alaska Commer
cial Company filed a salvage suit yesterday In
the United States District Court against W11 T
11am R. Brlxey. Brixey had a contract with
the Government to lay a submarine cable be
tween St. Michael and Port Safety, Alaska. On
September 17, last year, the steamer Orizaba,
with the cable on board, went aground and was
rescued by steamers and barges belonging to
the llbellant. The cable was stored on them
for a while and then laid between St." Michael
and Port Safety by the llbellant. j The court is
asked to fi: the amount of, salvage.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART.
TANFORAN PARK - Wednesday,
March C, 1901.— Weather fine. Track
fast.
2O3O. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
four-year-olda and up; purse, $350.
Index, Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. %. %. Fin.
1936 Cold naron, 5, 104. Burns fi 3 1 2 3 1 Mi
li»70 MacLaren. 4, 103.0'Conr 1 2 h 3 1 2 5
1970 S. Lucia. 6, 102.Uurlgrme 2 11 1 H 3 ts
1971 Mission, 4, 103.\Vodtr3til 7 7 4 6 ¥• 4 1
1S75 K. Walcott, 4, 100... See 5 6h 7^52
1S39 L. Clifveden, 4. 105. Daly 3 4 Vi 4 1 6 1
1767 Kufalba. a. 100 Miller S 8 6 SI 7 4
1!>71 favorito, 4, 102.. Murphy 4 D 1 5 1 8 1
1724 Racivo, 4, 102 Ross 9 9 9 9
Time-',i. :24; %. :35^; %, l:0Ui- Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner. H. L. Has
kell'8 ch. g. by Imp. Rayon d'Or-Ballerlna.
Baron best. MacLaren fell out of it on turn;
closed strong. Santa Lucia weakly ridden.
Balance a bad lot. Scratched— First Shot 102.
Betting— Gold Baron, 7; MacLaren, -8-5; Santa
Lucia. 7; Mission, 13; Katie Walcott, 6; Lou
Clieveden, 10; Rufalba, 40; Favorlto, 5; Ra
civo, 150.
2027. SECOND RACE-ThrM> and a half
furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index, .Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
1974 Escalante, 10S. Alexander 3 2 3 ... 12
1620 Dan Collins. 105.. .Miller 5 4 2 ... 2 h
1931 Snooze, 107 Thorpe 2 14 ... 3 n
2004 Quadra, 105 ¦ .1 Burns 6 7 1 ... 4h
1913 M. Murphy, 103.WedrsM 7 8 1. ... 6%
1931 Huachuca. 106 Daly 8 6 1. ... 6 1
J955 Muslque, 103 See 4 3 V4 ... 7 1
1905 Snowbf-rry. 103. ..MurphylO 9 ... 8 3
2004 San Luition, lOS.Burlgm 9 11 ... 9 1
1S55 Contestant. 103. ..Adams 1 10 ... 10 1
1979 Maniac, 106 O'Connor 5 6 2 ... 11
Time— 3-16, :18; 7-16. :42'4. Poor start. Won
cleverly. Second and third driving. Winner,
K. J. Baldwin & Co.'s ch. c. by Amigo-Colo
nias. Dan Collins would have won with a Rood
break. Mike Murphy away badly. Snowberry
had no chance with the break. Snooze ran to
form.
Betting— Escalante, 23; Dan Collins, 4;
Snooze, 4; Quadra, S; Mike Murphy, 6; Hua
chuca, 5; Muslque, 12; Snowberry. 5; San Lul
tlon, 30; Contestant, 40; The Maniac. 10.
202S. THIRD RACE-Six furlongs; three
year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Hors*. Wt, Jockey. St. H- Str. Fin.
(1968)Toah, 107 O'Connor 4 4 4 lti In
1933 Ada N, 107........ Thorpe 2 3H 21 2 4
1530 Bard of Avon, 107. Burns 12 1 4 5 3 2
<lS39)Alzura, 107 Woods 5 In 3 2 4h
1997 Marcy, 107.Wedderstrand 3 5 4 5 12 5 15
1942 M. Brunell, 105. Peterson 7 6 8 6 6
1963 Seide, 110 Sloan 6 7 •
Tlme-ii. :U; y,, :4SU:. fc, 1:14. Bad start.
Won handily. Second and third driving. 'Win
ner. P. Dunne's ch. g. by Imp. Bassetlaw-
Modesty. Toah best; is a good, game colt.
Thorpe made a little too much early use of
Ada X first part. Bard of Avon not up to a
hard race. Seide and Mrs. Brunell as good as
left. 'Pulled up.
Betting— Toah, 7-5; Ada N, 7; Bard of Avon,
3; Alzura, 20; Marcy, 75; Mrs. Brunell, 500;
Selde. 4.
2O2J>. FOURTH RACE— Six furlongs; Belling;
four-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. V,. Str. Fin.
2003 Redwald, 4, 113. ...Burns 3 2 1 2 %, 1 n
2001 Doublet, 4, HO.Wederstd 1 12 1 h 2 «i
19U1 Our Lizzie, 6, H3.Turner 2 3 h 3 4 3 1
2003 Parmenion, 4. 103.0'Conr 4 4 2 4 3 4 4
1933 R. Prize. C, 118... Thorpe 5 5 7 5 15 5 20
2003 A. Fonso, -a, 105... Sloan 6 6 6 6
Time— U,. :24\i; ft, :4SH; %, l:14Vi. Bad
start. Won first three driving. Winner, W.
B. Jennings & Co.'s ch. h. by Tenny-lmp. Red
worth Rose. 'Burns outrode Wedderstrand.
Parmenion closed strong; was outrun first
part. Amelia Fonso turned sideways when the
Kate went up and was .practically left.
Scratched— Lady Meddlesome 111, Greatlaml
116.
. Betting— Redwald, 7-2; Doublet, 4; Our Liz
zie, 4; Parmenion, 2; Royal Prize, 25; Amelia
Fonso, 10.
2O3O. FIFTH HACE— One mile; selling;
three- year-olds and up; purse, $100.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. Str. Fin.
(lasO)Xansen, 4, 113.. O'Connor 4 2 4 3 2 12
(lC02)Tappan, a, 109 Sloan 1 4 22 21
(2003)Salntly. 5. 117 Burns 2 13 12 3 2
1978 G. Badge, 3, 93.Jackson 3 3 h 4 4
Time-\i, ::6; H. :50%; %, l:16Vi: mile, 1:43.
Good start. Won handily. Second and third
driving. Winner, P. Dunne's ch. gr. by Bram-
ble-North Anna. Burns would have been closer
up. if he had gone on with Saintly first part.
Tappan waa interfered with by Saintly In the
stretch.* Scratched— Artilla 105.
Betting— Nansen, 9^10; Tappan, 7-2; Saintly,
13-i ; Gold Badge, 12.
2031. SIXTH RACE-Six furlongs; maiden
three-year-olds; purse, $350.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. V4- K. Fin.
1S96 Haralamb, 109. .O'Connor 2 o 2 1 M 1 H
1954 The Gafflr. 104 Sloan 5 4h 4% 21
1983 Lucera, 107... ...... Miller 3 8 10 5 h 3 1
1354 Robert J, M03..AVederstd 6 3 »J 6 14 2
• 2002 Tilt. 99 '. Yancy- 1 2 1 2 1 5 8
1750 Porphyry. 97 Daly 4 111 31 6h
1953 Road Agent, 102.. Walsh 7 6h 7 7h
858 Cushion, 97 Burn3 S 7h 8 8 ft
1«K) Cantinus, 102... Matthews 9 9 1 9 9 2
1922 Piratta, 102.. MurphylO 10 10 10 1
Sailor, 109 ..Burllngramell 11 .11 . 11
Time— >4, :25; >*. :43%; %, 1:16\4. Good start.
Won first three driving. Winner, Burllngame
Stock Farm's b. g. by Sam Lucaa-Lilllan Kus
twll. Haralamb grot the strongest ride. The
Gafflr ran his race. Balance no account.
Scratched— Alpha Lee 97.
Betting— Haralamb, 4; The Gafflr, 2; Lucera,
6; Robert J, 6; Tilt, 20; Porphyry, 20; Road
Agent, 10; Cushion, 5; Cantlnus, 40; Piratta,
20; Sailor, '15.
RICHARD was not himself at Tan
foran yesterday alternoon, for
out of six races Dick Dwyer
made three poor starts, sqme
thing exceptional and not with
in the field of exculpatory sympathy.
Twice he left the great, the only, the pre
mier Jockey of America, J. Todhur.ter
Sloan, at the post. Sloan said It was the
fault of Mr. Dwyer. Mr'. Dwyer said it
was all due to Mr. Sloan's dilatory post
tactics. At any rate J. T. Sloan made a
mournful churning of the waves and saw
fields of poor ones sauntering homeward
to a warm fireside while he waa out in the
snow, shaking with the winter chill of a
fog-ridden valley. •
When Sloan was left at the post he was
on top of Seide, second choice, and Amelia
Fonso, something long in the betting. But
that was not all. Twjce he knotted him
self with Winnie O'Connor, and both
times this wizard of Tanforan turned his
head like the title of a forgotten novel
and gave the unctuous to America's fore
most saddle performer by reputation. The
fog that floated In on Tanforan yesterday
shrouded both Sloan and Dwyer, but the
latter's defection was exceptional. Sloan's
has become a habit.
Winnie O'Connor, mounted on the favor
ite, had the extreme pleasure of seeing
Tommy Burns' back at the finish of the
first race. MacLaren, a 2 to 1 favorite,
¦was talked of as easy money, but Gold
Baron. Tommy Burns up, made MacLaren
look like 16 to 1 money. Santa Lucia ran
down the backstretch as if a load of hay
were In front, but when the. time, to get
anxious came -Gold Baron and MacLaren
passed Lucia.
A sufficient number of. hot tips floated
about the ring before the second race to
carry the Great Eastern around the world
three several times. When the three and
one-half furlongs of footing was finished
Escalente, 25 to 1, put the money In the
vest pocket and said mean things to Dan
Collins, another wildly whispered name,
and Snooze, the favorite, that made the
show. Of the eleven entries eight were
touted to win.
Then came O'Connor on Toah, who beat
Ada N out In the stretch, j Toah was fa
vorite, Selde, Sloan up, second choice.
There was nothin? to six furlong
canter but Toah. Sloan reveled In the
aftermath of a bad start.
In the fourth race for four-year-olds
Tommy Burns on Redwald beat Doublet
and Our Lizzie for first money. Llzzi-a
was heralded as the real thing, but she
disproved the good things said of her.
Parmenion,,the favorite, piloted by O'Con
nor, was a bad fourth, never tasting the
money
The mile race for three-year-olds and up
Trent to Nansen, af:er . a clever bit at
riding by O'Connor. Sloan and Tappan
looked at the ( finish. Good-by Sloan;
Nansen won by two necks. Saintly, with
the man with the fiery name on top,' got
the TBhow.
In a field of eleven O'Connor, on Hara
lamb again beat Sloan, mounted on The
Gafilr, the 2 to 1 favorite. Once more
these two Jockeys had the tail of the
performance to themselves and It was all
day with J. Todhunter.
BY LOUIS HONIG.
AT TANFORAN TRACK
THE horses ran strictly to form
at Oakland yesterday, the attend
ance was good, and there was an
abundance . of coin circulating'
about the ring. So evenly balanced
were the fields that while four of six
extensively backed choices made the wire
in front the majority of the books quit
with the balance en the right side of the
ledger.
Johnny Bullman and Owen Mounce ap
peared to .most advantage in the way of
riding winners, each being adorned with
brackets on two occasions.
a curtain raiser eleven platers lined
up at the barrier in tho live furlong
scramble. Because Bullman rode Ting-a
ling the filly was played to 13 to 5 favor
itism. She did not meet with the best of
luck, running unplaced. At the' start
Batan, a 20 to 1 shot, rushed away In the
lejid, but tired before . the town clock
hove in sight, and Mounce on Aluminum
won easily.
Caesar Younp's useful mare Good Hope
looked to hold Montallade safe in the six
furlonp run next decided, and received
substantial support at 6 to 5. Although
Montallade led for a quarter the favor
ite, with Domlnick In the saddle, passed
him when ready, scoring easily at the
f tand by half a length in 1:14. Alaria out
stayed Montanus for the show.
" Generally conceded the sweetest morsel
on the menu, the price" against Glenden
ning in the speculating done on the two
year old spin speedily fell from evens to
1 to 2. After a tiresome delay at the post
the youngster quickly showed in front of
the bunch and cakewalked home. Evea G,
a 100 to 1 shot, trained by "Jimmy" Cof
fey, ran second throughout, beating Lou
welsea for the place.
While beyond question the best, Her
culean, the 3 to 2 favorite, played in luck
or his number would never have been
flashed as winner of the mile and a hun
dred yards selling (affair. Pocketed at the
stretch turn in fofcrth position, .Alleviate,
Norford and Rio Shannon went wide, al
jowlng Mounce to skim the rail." Down
where the money is hung up the favorite
disposed of Rio Shannon easily by two
lengths. . Domlnick could not keep Nor
ford at his work, though finishing a close
third. Essence acted sour at the post,
and in the race refused to extend himself.
Absolutely outclassing the other start
ers in the seven-furlong run, decided un
der selling conditions, 4 to 5 against Gi
braltar, seemed like visiting a bargain
sale. The black horse acted very gentle
manly for him, shook off .his company at
the start and smiled in more than a
length ahead of Grand Sachen. Old Vas
sal pegged along diligently, which earned
for him show honors, as Maydine became
afflicted with heart failure.
Through some medium gtill unknown by
those who fell to the tip. Looram closed
favorite for the last event, a five-furlong
dash. The aged gelding appeared drowsy,
Dcminick couldn't awaken him and he ran
last. Overtaking Lady Newinn in the
stretch Midlove. with Fauntleroy up. was
returned a clever winner. ¦"Handrldins"
Kelly on Nettie Clark got the show.
Track Notes.
As Yellowtail was entered in the hand
icap through a misunderstanding, the
three-horse race at Oakland to-day has
been declared off, the management stat
ing they do not wish to disappoint the
public. An extra race to close at 9 a. m.
has been substituted.
The Barnett starting gate was given a
thorough trial at Ingleside track last Sun
day with very satisfactory results. A fea
ture of this device for dispatching horses
Is the barrier which works automatically
on ball-bearing wheels, returning to posi
tion If run into by any of the starters.
C. H. Williams, a well-known Eastern
turfman, died at Oakland Tuesday night
of hemorrhage of the lungs. Two years
ago the deceased horseman, who was the
owner among others of Tame Irishman,
was a man enjoying robust health.
Walter Hobart was reported to have
purchased Lady Newlnn, a bay mare by
Rey del Sierras-Boleta. after the last race
at Oakland. She is eligible to the pony
class and very fast.
The San Francisco Jockey Club an
nounces the weights for the Spring handi
cap, one and one-half miles, to be run
Saturday, March 30, 1S01. They are: Tillo,
124; Advance Guard, 122; Favonlus, 120;
Vesuvian, 116; Vlncltor. 109; Bangor, 109;
Autumn, 10S; Rosormonde, 106; Andrisa,
106; Gonfalon. 106; Arbacco.' 105; Precur
sor. 104; Gauntlet. 103; "Rosinante. 103; St.
Simonlan, 103; Montanic, 104; Star Chamber,
164; Babbler, 104; First Tenor, 101; Scales.
104; Greenock, 102; Rolling Boer, 100; Ar
ticulate. 100: Colonel Roosevelt, 100: Sir
Roila, 100; Twlnkjer. 100; J. Baker. 100;
The Monk, S7; Mortgage, 93; Mlthrldates,
90; Impressario. 90; Elfonse, 84; Scotch
Plaid. 9S; Locochee, 94; Diderot, 93; Thorn
ton, 90; My Gypsy, 90.
AT OAKLAND TRACK.
By F. E. Mulholland.
2037. EDlTH RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
f cur-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. *4. Etr. Fin.
1M1 Mldlove, 6. 108..Fauntly 3 3 2 2 4 11
1V28 Ldy NeWn, 4, lO6.McCty 4 11 14 23
1S16 Net. Clark, 4, 104.. Kelly 15 1 4 2 3 1
1J25 La Masc'ta, a. 113. Howl 2 2 1 3 n 4 5
1973 Almoner. 5. 113.J. McCty 6 6 1 6 4 5 4
15C2 S. of Tarsus, 4, 106.Sturt 5 4 1 6 2 6 10
1?61 Looram. u, llO.Domlnick 7 7 7 7
Timer-H. :13; %. :36%: %. 1:02. Good start.
\(oa cleverly. Second and third driving. Win
ner W. T>. Randall's ch. m. by imp. Midlo
thian-Free love. Lady Newlnn had Fpeed.
failed to stay. La Mascotta quit. Al
n.oner badly ridden. Saul of Tarsus can do
better. Looram a false alarm. Scratched—
Grey Bob 106. Beau Mcnde 112.
Betting — Midlove, 4; Lady Newlnn, 9; Nettie
Clark. 15; La. Mascotta, S; Almoner, 6; Saul
ci Tarsus, 7-2; Looram, 13-3.
2O3G. FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling;
tnree-year-olds and up; purse, $350.
Index Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. *4. Etr. Fin.
2011 Gibraltar. 6, llS.BuMmn 2 14 12 1 1V4
1S-S9 G'd Sachem, 6, llO.Dom 5 2 n 2 1 2 4
1964 Vassal, a. H5...Mounce 4 6 5 5 3 1
(19C4)Maydlne, 4, 110...Howell 3 3 n 3 2 4 3
19SS Moeorito. 6. 10S.... Kelly 6 5 2 4 n 5 12
i:*S Invictus. 3, 104.Matthws 14 2 6 6
Tirae-H, :13; %. :3f; %. 1:02; Ti. 1:23. Good
etart. Won easily. Second and third driving.
Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's blk. h. by
Imp. Stonehenge-Chemlse. Gibraltar outclassed
his field. Sachem ran to form. Vassal did
well. Mocorito away poorly. Invictus quit
early. Scratched— St. Wood US.
Betting— Gibraltar, 4-5; Grand Sachem, 16-5;
Vassal, 25; Maydine. 10; Mocorito, 12; Invic
tus, 12.
2035. FOrRTH RACE— Mile and 100 yards;
selling; three-year-olds and up; purse, $400.
Ir.de*. Horse. Wt. Jockey. St. H. Str. Fin.
2CU Herculean. 4, 103..Mnce 5 5 1 ln v 12
1?;2 R. Shannon, 4. HO.Kelly 13 2 3 1 2 n
K5J Norford. 4, 110..Domink 3 2 n 2 4 J 1
riS7 Morinel. 6. X03..Materne 7 7 6 2 4 1
;C12 Morellito, a. HK.Bullmn 2 4 n 5 4 5 1
Wtl Alleviate, 6, 109..Howell 4 12 4 V* 6 5
ji 14 Essence, 4, 101...Ransch 6 6 6 7 7
Time-IPO yards. :064: U. :2<: H. :«SU: *i.
l:14%t; mile. l:41"»i: lm 100 yds. 1:47V». Good
stirt. Won easily. Second and third driving.
\\ inner, G. Summers & Co.'s ch. g. by imp.
Watercress-Hannah. Herculean fortunate in
petting through on rail turning into the
stretch. Sharnon threw his rider and ran
cway a quarter while at the post. Xorford
quit. Morinel not at her best. Essence sulked.
Betting— Herculean, 3-2; Rio Shannon, 20;
Norford. 6; Morinel, 6; Morelllto, 6; Alleviate,
ir- ; Essence. 8.
2O34. THIRD RACE — Four furlongs; selling;
two-year-olds; purse. $100. »
Irdex, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Etr. Fin.
(l?0O)Glen<!enning. 10i. Bullmn 2 12 ... 1 1
1C«2 Evea. G. 1C5 Hall 3 2 1 ... 2 2
2G0Q LouwelFf-a, 105..Domnlck 7 (2 ... 3H
CG10 TorBO Maid. 105.. Ho well 1 3 1 ... 4 6
1862 Teddy Marks, 106..Mnce 5 6 1 *... " 5 6
15.65 Warder. 103 Eheeban 6 7 4 ... -« 1
aS>;»)Constable. 103 Stuart 8 9 ...-7 1
2C10 Irma A, 10J Kelly 4 4 1 ... 8 10
Gclina, 103 Matthews 3 8 1 ... 9
Time — %, :26; *j. !*>• Good start. Won
easily. Beyond and third dri\-ing. Winner;
Atkln & Lottridge's ch. g. by St. Carlo-Glen
llvet. Considerable delay at post. Winner
much the best. Louwelsea bad a rough voy
ape. Torso Maid stale.
Betting— Glendenning, 1-2; Krea G. 100; Lou-
T-elsea, 3: Torso Maid. 15; Teddy Marks, 40;
Warder, 300; Constable, 15; Irma A, 13; Go
lina. 50.
SO33. EETOND UACE^Slx furlongs: selling;
lour- year-olds aj-.d up; purse, fZ'o.
Index. Horse. AVt, Jockey. St. 4. Str. Fin.
ms Goo<1 Hope. 6. 102.Domn 6 2 V4 1 n 14
1!« Mor.tallade, a. lft4.Mnce 2 12 22 12
SOPS Alarla. .'.. 10S...Fauntly 13 1 3 1 3 5
1*$» Montanus. 6. lOT.BasFgr 3 4 1 4 2 4 5
1*S8 Florahird. 4, 110..Howell^ 6 1 6 5 5 10
VjSSJen. Reid. 6, 10S... Kelly 4 7 52 62
UTS Incindlator. B, U3.Collns 7 5 17 7
Time— *4. :24«»: & :«?: K. 1:14. "Good start;
TTon easily. Second and third driving. Win
rer. Caesar Vounfj'« ch. m. by Colonel' Clark-
Gratitude. Good Hope parsed MontaJlade when
ready. Alaria ran to form. Floraliinl has
bad underpinning. Jennie Reid injudiciously
ridden. Scratched — Urchin 101.
Betting — Good Hope, 1; Montallade, 2; AJarta.
IE; Montanus. 10; Florabird, 20; Jennie Reid,
20; Incindlator, 60. •
Track fast.
i'o.'i-*. FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; Belling;
lcur-ycar"-clds and up; purse, |300.
Irdex. Hcrse, Wt. Jockey. St. *£ f ,i. Tin.
isr<€ Aluminum. 6. llCMnce 4 2 1 2 2 In
2i!T5 Satan. 4. 106... Weir 2 11 11 2 4
IMS Merry Bny. a. HO.Faur.t 1 5 h B h 3!
1?SC B. Shepp'd, 4, J04.Brudn 3 4 J ,i 3 V6 4 *i
17« Tlng-a-Ung. 4. 109.. Hull 7 8 1 5 ', i 3
1PS9 Mike Rice. a. Iir....Ruix 6 10 S 4 6
l;'£2 Antioch. S. Ul.lU-nneEfy 8 T 4 h 7 1
13S9 Pilot. 4. 106 llowril 3 3 Vi ' H M
1!*6 1 D"t Know. a. Il2.I>ln« 9 ! >4 19 9 1
1606 Bagdad." 4, lM.natiyinperl') 6 2 6 h 18
1P12 Spry Laik. a, lvS.MatWBll 11 11 \ U
Time— M. :13: =!». :3T: «i. 1:02. Good start.
Von e&eily. B«-r/nd am) third driving. 'Win
ner. B. J>chrflbor's ch. g. by imp. Idaltum-
G'.ltter. Winner, best aod well ridden. Satan
lad a refreshing turn of Fpeed. Ting-a-Ling
bumped bf Miko- Uice on far turn. Pilot
tulked. Scratched— Mainstay IIS.
Batting — Aluminum, 4; Patan. 20; Merry Boy.
T: B. Shepperd. 100; Ting-a-Llng. 13-5; Mike
Rice, (; Antioch. h(i; Tilot, V-2; I Don't Know,
i; Bagdad, SO; Spry Lark, SO.
OAKLAND RACETRACK - Wednes
day, March 6, 1501.— Weather fine.
CALL'S RACING FORM CHART,
Starter Richard Dwyer Fails to Please in Three Races at
Tanforan— Jockey Tod Sloan Is Twice Left at the
Post and Is Twice Beaten by Jockey Winnie O'Connor
FORM PLAYERS AT THE TRACK
OVER THE BAY ROLL IN CLOVER
Grand Jury Resumes Investigation
of Alleged mismanagement of
Police Department.
The Grand Jury met last night and re
sumed the investigation Into the alleged
mismanagement o f the Police Department
in connection with Chinatown affairs. The
testimony given by the witnesses ex
amined tended to show that the Chinese
gamblers have been operating: In a bold
manner for several months past and that
they have been relying upon police pro
tection.
Jerome Millard. a Chinese interpreter,
•was the first witness called. He testified
in substance the same as he did before the
legislative committee. He testified that
he heard Chinese gamblers say that they
could run their games openly, aa It was
understood that they would bo raided
periodically by the police. When ra'ided
the dealers were to plead guilty and the
fines -imposed would be regarded as a li
cense. ' ¦.- : ' •- •_
Chew Moy. who is said to be one of the
largest owners in the Chinese lottery
games, waa kept on the witness stand for
fully half an hour, but no. testimony of
importance was obtained from him. Ho
avoided all direct questions asked him by
answering that he did not -understand
English.
' Fred Armstrong, a newspaper reporter,
was examined at length concerning the
violation of the laws prohibiting lotteries.
He testified that lottery games were run
ning in the Chinese quarter and that a
,new lottery company was organized and
went Into operation while the legislative
committee was conducting its investiga
tion.
The Jury will meet again to-morrow
afternoon to resume the investigation.
STTLIi PROBrNO. INTO
CHINATOWN AFFAIES
ARCHITECT HOWABD IS
HERE FROM NEW YORK
Superintends Erection of Mining
Building Donated to University
by Mrs. Hearst.
John Gaten Howard, the well-known
and successful young architect of New
York, arrived Tuesday from the East,
and is registered at the Palace. Hawartf
has come to San Francisco at the request
of Mrs. Phebe Hearst to superintend the
construction of the mining building at
the University of California.
Howard said last evening that he had
received Instructions from Mrs. Hearst to
erect a structure as magnificent as any of
its kind on this continent or in Europe.
To-day Howard will go to Berkeley and.
after carefully looking over the ground,
will select the most suitable site.
Howard has already a national reputa
tion as an architect. He has erected the
Hotel Renaissance and the Hotel Essex
In New York and the electric tower In the
Pan-American Exposition Howard will
remain here to see the erection of tha
mining building fairly under way and will
then return to New York, makinz occa
sional visits to California until the build
ing Is completed.
NEW YORK, March 6.— With a total of
more than 200 entries received up to date
the ninth Grand American live-bird handi
cap promises to greatly excel any of its
predecessors. A fuil week of shooting Is
scheduled by the managers, beginning
April 1, and a varied card is offered. In
terstate Park, Queens, L. I., has again
been chosen for the blue ribbon of trap
shooting events and the contests are to
begin at 9 o'clock In the morning.
In addition to first money, $C00. to the
high gun, the Grand American winner
will receive a silver trophy. The second
high gun will receive $500 and the third
high gun WGO. For every ten entries over
sixty-three places are created in the di
vision of the money, so that should there
be "t>i> entries* all money In the purse In
excess of the J1500 will be divided by the
high guns from the fourth to the sixty
third inclusive. -' >" ':'.'
The week's sport will begin with the
Interstate Park Introductory sweepstakes
at eight live birds, thirty yards rise. The
second event will te the Borough of
Queens sweepstakes at twelve live birds,
thirty yards rise. The GUlman-LSarnes in
ternational trophy, twenty-five live blrd3,
handicaps from twenty-live to thirty-three
yardg, clasa- shoothig to govern, will be
placed >in competition on the concludins
day. This trophy must be won three
times by one contestant ti» become the
property of the winner. Last year's
Grand American handicap winner, H. D.
Bates, has scored two wins for the prize.
Shooting Will Continue for a Week
and- Best-Known Gunmen in
the Country Will
Compete.
Notable Programme for the
Grand American Live Bird
Tournamant.
RICH PRIZES
FOR MARKSMEN
DISCUSS AFFAIRS OF
P0LICE DEPARTMENT
Mayor Phelan, Chief Sullivan and
Commissioner Newhall Talk
Over Proposed- Changes.
Mayor Phelan. Chief Sullivan and Po
lice Commissioner Newhall held an in
formal meeting yesterday and discussed
the various questions agitating the offi
cials of the Police DoDartment. The ques
tion of the vaccination of the police ofll
cerR caused quite a lengthy debate and
while no definite action was taken it was
practically agreed that it was hardly nec
essary except in the cases of the officers
on duty where smallpox prevailed. It was
determined to leave the matter in the
hands of the police sureeon.
The question of benefits to be derived
from the installation of the eight-hour
watch for patrolmen was Riven much at
tention. As the tqnV of duty is at present
almost the entire force is on every night,
but with the proposed change carried out
only one-third of the officers at present on
the force will be available for night duty.
While the change meets with the approval
of the Mayor, the Chief and the Commis
sioners, no decided action was taken.
JOHN D. FRY'S WILL.— The will of the late
John E>. Fry was filed for probate yesterday.
Decedent bequeaths one-half his estate to his
widow, Sarah T. Fry, and the other half to hi8
son, Robert D. Fry.
t< "^ DWARD FLOOD, a harness
_v cleaner, employed in the Fash-
ion Stable on EH13 street, and
*4 his wife and two children were
severely burned early yesterday
morning by a flre in their home at 637A
Natoma street. One of the children, a
two-weeks-old baby, may die. The or
igin of the fire Is a mystery. Flood, who
works at night time, returned home
shortly after 6 o'clock yesterday morn
ing, and at the request of his wife went
into the back yard to stretch a line to
dry the clothes she had washed the day
before. While botfi of them were in the
yard" Philip Dohoney, a butcher's clerk,
noticed smoke issuing from the kitchen
window. He tried to open the front
door, and, finding It locked, rang the bell.
The fire was confined to the room in
which It originated. It broke out in a
clothes closet. It may be that matches In
the clothing of Flood were accidentally
Ignited. At the time that it broke out
both children were asleep. The four-year
old, daughter, Elizabeth M. C. Flood, is
burned about the feet, while her two
weeks old brother is burned about the
head and face. Flood and his wife are
also burned about the head and face, but
their burns are slight.
One of them, the youngest, slipped out of
my arms when I was getting out of the
room. Mrs. Flood was a few feet behind
me and saved him. We are both badly
burned, but I do not fear any serious re
sults to ourselves. I am afraid that the
baby I dropped may have inhaled the
names and that his tirst relief will be in
death."
EDWARD FLOOD AND WIFE. .WHO WERE SEVERELY BURNED YES
TERDAY WHILE RESCUING THEIR BABIES FROM A FIRE IN
;. THEIR DWELLING HOUSE ON NATOMA STREET.
Smttb played a steadier came than any
of his opponents and w«U deaerved hla
victory. He and Bell went round th»
course In company, while Riley played
with Horace Rawllns and Johnstone with
Harry Rawllna. About a dozen ladles and
a score of men watched the games, rra> : :
of them going round with Smith and Bell.
Almost immediately after the game Smith
and Bell left the iinks and are now on
their way to Los Angeles, where they will
play In the open championship tourna
ment to be held on the links of the Los
Angeles Country Club. Though Davi.l
Bell took a higher place than Willie Smilh
in the open championship tournament oi
the United States last year Smith has al
most continuously beaten Bell during
their tour in California. The general opin
ion of those who haye seen the profes
sionals play at Oakland and the Presidio
is that Smith is the more steady, certain
player, though Bell makes many brilliant
strokes. Both Smith and Bell said that
the fair green of the Presidio links is the
best that they have seen la California or
the South.
THE SA1ST FRANCISCO CALL., THURSDAY, 'MARCH 7, 1901.
Fire Breads Out in Dwelling of Ed
ward Flood on Natoma Street and
Little Ones Narrowly Escape Death
SAVE BABIES' LIVES,
RISKING THEIR OWN
' COMFETTTOnS. I 1. ) 2. | S. j 4. Ttl
Wllle Smith : • 41 38 \ 43 C 1«
Horace Hawlins « 44 j 43 46 17«
David Bell 4» 45 « , « 177
F. J. Rllay 4*4 « 45 | 44 173
Robert Johnston© 4i 4t> 4t il ist»
Harry Rawllns W I 41 | M | « lSi
4
THE CALL'S PREMIUM
ATLAS.
Call Readers are entitled to
the privilege of securing the
best Atlas published for $1.50.
This - book is handsomely
bound in Bed Russian and
Maroon-Colored Silk, contains
about 550 pages of maps, cen
sus statistical and descriptive
matter, printed on fine Atlas
paper, and will be one of the
handsomest books ever of
fered. Do not consider any
other premium offer until you
have fully investigated the
merits of Cram's Atlas of the
World, 1901 edition.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
>HUSEUH OF£HATOHY
A CB i:n u^zzs :r. in. 6>±s?±. s.rza.
\ . .Of The Ltrz»r Anatomical Muieum in the
m iia^S»» V.'ofUl Wit^tciMi of Any cannaited
*1 S~ £fl disease mrwlby th ; oldest
A fl«!F»| Cfl.J0«DA}t-PSrjATE3!S£ASiS
> iR^Q taarjltatk-n ino »ad stnetly prmta
O i JVVrl Trtl!B ' en> - personally or by letter. A
\ B W Till '•*•'*•• t'Walnrrerycu^underttJtea.
O r ll ntt W r . te for Boole. miLOsUPHYtf
ti ** Ji' valuaMa book fa« ntral
f okioBDAX A €•.. 10U Market St .B. t.
visit OR. JORDAN'S great
)_ . ; — . ; (ft ,
feng GALL ; n|§
; i StrangeAdventures ij
| of Colonel Travis. ' j
> — "¦ By Sarah Comstock. <
{ ' — The Greatest Tragedy of the - m!
1 Comstock Mines. !
[ — : :f Z, By G:orge R Wells. ¦• |
|— yr< » r »t>p — —~~- ~—~ , . al^^AYS ~~~(
[E THEM ALLEr H ° W l0 PrCVCnt Mld CuFC E THE BEST E|
»-¦ ' — Baldness. ¦ ¦¦ '¦¦!¦.'.:.¦•:..--.
> - . . By Dr. E E McLean. . *-¦¦ ¦' .'--". .,
} — San "-Rafael's Artistic Homes. ¦-•;;--—;
» California's Curio Industry. - — !
) '.'... — i By, Jose de Olivares. — I — '¦ — . .'""'. 1 _ (
[ Mrs. Leslie Carter and Her .". - ' :: '
j - : '¦" '~ Portable Dressing Room. "'¦ ¦¦' - zi'
) ' - ~ By Anne Page- •- ~i
>,.:,- .:: ;— - - How to Acquire Beauty and ¦ -, —\
I ' " — - ". How to Retain IL .. ' ¦'••¦- - : ~-
) -". . '. ,: By Gusave Michel, M.D. --'"--.¦ -¦¦ '¦ -'.'. '" ,1
\ '"" ' - LooK Out for Peqk's Bad Boy. =
j" . Books, Fiction, Fashions. ,...„-':. , izzz
>•;:¦ /¦;- : '-¦'- — —^ Dead the Troubles of Bowser. .'¦""."¦ •"-• :"— ¦ -
I BLOOD 3
I POISON, I
I] Inherited op Contracted, jj
M Primary or Secondary, i
I Permanently Cured.
fl Sfici? % which has made
Ft 6fii>w xT* • our naTn< * famous
L>1 X»2,' y*^^ \t Ou» guarantee :
El ¦^•^'*'^'**« money to be re-
fij funded to you if we <Io not cure In
M a reasonable time. We also cure lost
S| manhood, private diseases, etc. A<1- ;
Ll vice an<i private book free at office or
Lj by mail. Home cures. - ¦
1 DR, MEYERS & CO.
M HOURS: I>ally. S to 3; Evenings. 7 to S;
r'l Sunilays, 9 to 11.
M ELEVATOR ENTRANCE.
I n O A MARKET STREET,
|1 / OX San Francisco. ;
IGARLbAp I
18O1
„ ClevelandBicycles
|| JUST RECEIVED.
IJ QUALITY RIGHT. PRICE RIGHT, j
¦ $35, $40. Racer $50.
I LEAVITT~& BILL, !
h 309 Larkin St.
fi 20 San I'ablu Avr.. Oakland.
H - 57 So. Id St.. Saii Jose.Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE — The high and low waters occur" at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tld« is the same at both places.
TO SAIL^
Pyrography outfits, sheepskins and
fancy woods for burning, cameras, al
bums and books - on photography: in
artists' material department. Sanborn,
Vail & Co., 741 Market street. •
Time Ball.
Branch • Hjrdrographlc Office, TJ. S.N., Mer
chants" Exchange, . San Francisco, Cal.,
March 6, 1901.
The time ball on the tower of the new Perry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. e., at noon ' of the 120th meridian, or at %
o'clock p. m.,. Greenwich time.
CO. CALKINS.
Lieutenant Commander, U. S. N., in charge.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and * Heights of High and Low
' ' "Waters at v Fort Point, entrance to San i
LITEBATUBE FOBWABDED
TO MANILA SOLDIERS
The committee which is working- under
the auspices of the Red Cross Society for
the purpose of establishing a free library
at . Manila and supplying the American
soldiers in the Philippines with literature
reports that during the months of Jar.ut
ary, and February much was accom
plished. Great quantities of literature
were received from' those interested in the
work and shipped to the Orient.
The committee extended a vote ot
thanks to those who have assisted and re
quest that the merchants donate boxe3 to
be U3ed' in packing the books for ship
ment. Letters have befn received from
the hospitals and posts at Manila thank
ing the committee for its efforts.
During the past two months the follow
ing shipments were im>_rie: 207 bound
books. 517 paper book3. forty-eight boxes
containing 172 "bound books, 351 paper
books, 4760 magazines and 946^ papers. .
Mall Steamship Sierra Delayed.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Sier
ra will not get away until. 6 o'clock this
eveninp. The trains are late and the mail
will not pet here until about 5 p. m. The
Occidental and Oriental Steamship Com
pany's Coptic fails at 1 p. m. and the Sier
ra at 6 p. m., both for Honolulu. The bet
tlnjj is that the Sierra will b« first Into
port-
Water Front Notes.
The Pacific Mail Company's Peru has
been and overhauled and will sail
on Friday for Panama and way ports. On
her return the Peru will go Into the China
trade. The San Jose is on the. drydock
and she may take the Peru's place on the
Panama run. The San Juan. San Bias
and City of Panama, now laid up, may
bfi chartered by Puget Sound parties for
the Nome trade.
The transport Indiana will not get away
on the ltun Inst. A new foremast has to
be put In. The Pak Ling will sail on th
14th Inst. with supplies and the Meade
will follow her on the 16th lnHt. with
troops. •
Owing to t.je illness' of President Kil
burn of the Harbor Commission tlto board
did not meet yesterday. '
The whip LcVi G. Burgess lost an anchor
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in tho order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
of the day,' except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights Riven
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when »
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
Is the mean of the lower low waters.
from Honrkong.-
Sailed March 6-Stmr Ethel Zane. for Hono
lulu; Bcfcr Annie Larson, for San Pedro; ship
Mary £ Cunning, for Capo Town. •
SKATTI-E— Arrived March 5— Schr Martha
AV Tuft, from Yakutat. March 6— Stmr Hum
boldt, for Dyea; Btmr Hyades, hence March 2.
Sailed March 5—Ftmr Dolphin, for Skaguay;
ftmr Oregon, for VaUlez; stmr Bertha, for Val
dez.
Sailed J.IarcJi fr— U S stmr Kintuck. for Ta
coma.
Arrived March' 6— TJ S Btmr Columbine.
¦ EUREKA-Salled March 6-Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOn— Sailed* March 6— Schr
Laura May. for San F*ranclpco: penr Volun
teer, for San Pedro; schr Orient, for San
Pedro: schr Henry Wilson, for Ran Francisco:
Etmr Grace Dollar, for Sun Francisco. ¦
ASTORIA— Arrived March 6— Stmr Columbia,
henre March 4: Ptmr Despatch, hence March 3
NEAU HAY— Passed In March 6— Stmr L«
lanaw, h«nce March 2. for Tacoma:,stmr San
Mateo, hence March 2. for Nanalmo.
Passed out March ft-Stmr Oregon, from Sc
nttle, for VaUlez; ship Mary L Cushlnjf. foe
Capo Town; Hr ship Pengwern. for Queens
town. '
CLKONE — Sailed March E — Stmr Alcazar, for
San- Pedro. \
GREKNAVOOD-Salled March 6-Stmr Green
wood, for San PPdro.
POUT. LOS ANGELES— Arrived March 6—
Ptmr Samoa, from Eureka; Br stmr Algoa,
from TCanaimo.
SAN DIEGO— Arrived March 6— Stmr Aber
deen, from Eureka.
EASTERN PORT.
NEW YORK— Sailed March 5— Stmr Finance,
for Colon. .
FORKIGN- PORTS.
EAL.AVERRY— Arrived March i— Schr Albert
Meyer, from New Whatcom.
LORENZO MARQtTIS-Salled March 6— Bark
Oreiton. for Newcastle. Aug.
ACAPUIvCO— Sailed March 5— Stmr Newport,
for San Francisco.
VALPARAISO-rSalled March 4— Ger Btmr
Tanls. for San FranclFCO.
GRIM SIVY— Arrived March 3— Br ship Cen
turion, from Orecon.
HONGKONG— Arrived March 3— Stmr China,
hence Feb 1. ¦• . ,
. TABLE BAT— Arrived Feb 7— Ft bark Amlral
Courbet, from Oregon. . «
HULL— In port Feb IS— Br ehlp Cambrian
Hill*, for San Francisco, to load at Newcas
tle. Krrland. '
MANILA— Salle* March 1— V S etmr Liogan,
for Ran Francisco.
Arrived March 1— U S stmr Lawton. hence
Feb 1. • .
CALLAO^Arrived Feb 27— Ger bark Atalan
ta. from Vancouver.
¦ COLON— A rrived March 4— Stmr Norfolk,
from Norfolk.
, NANAIMO— Sailed March 6— Br stmr Milton,
for San Dlero. ¦
YOKOHAMA— Sailed March 6— Br stmr Gae- i
lie. fnr San Francisco.
LEITH— In port Feb l(V-Fr bark La Bruy
er«, for San Francisco.
CARRIZAL-Sailed Jan 17-Pr ship Laomene,
for Vancouver. ' ¦
SALINA CRUZ— Arrived March 4— Bark Colo
ma, from Kureka. ;
, OCEAN STEAMERS.
' NEW YORK— Arrived March 6— Stmr Meaa
bn. from London. - ;•*,;
Sailed March 6— Stmr Vnderland. for South
ampton: atmr Teutonic,.- for Ltvernool: stmr
Southwark. from Antwerp. : .
HONGKONG— Arrived prior to March 6— Stmr
China, from San Francisco, via Honolulu and
Yokohama.. : , . :
LIVKRPOOL— Arrived March 6— Stmr Ocean
ic, from New York. .
Sailed March .5— Stmr Grecian, for Halifax;
rtmr Lake Chnmnlain. for Halifax and St
John, N B. March S-Stmr .Welsland. for
Phlladelrhlw. '
¦ PLYMOUTH— Arrived March 6— Stmr Pre
toria, from New York, for Cherbourg and
Hnmburjr. ¦ - ¦ ,
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived March, ft-Stmr
New York, from New York. '
to eet it out of the way. There was too
much slack chain on the bit and when It
began to slip the anchor fell over the side
again. Herman Ramor and William Boyd
were both struck by the shank of the mud
hook. Ramor had his left Teg broken near
the ankle and Boyd had his right leg
badly lacerated and a severe cut extend
ing from his brow to his chin. Roth men
were treated at the Harbor Hospital.
Collision on the Bay.
The ferry steamer San Rafael and the
tuff Rescue were in collision yesterday
aftcrnoon. The San Rafael was on her
5:30 p. m. trip to Sausalito and the Res
cue was passing up the Marin shore with
the oil barge San Carlos In tow. There
was a mix-ur> In the whistles and the
ferry boat and tug- came together. The
Rescue was struck on her starboard bow
just forward of the pilot-house. The dam
age was Blight, and while a few of the
vomen on the San Rafael got scared there
was not the slightest approach to a panic,
and both vessels proceeded on their way.
< —
Chief Engineer Kingsland Honored.
There was a very interesting ceremony
on the Vnited States transport Warren
yesterday. The vessel Is being thoroughly
overhauled at an expense of $150,009. and
Chief Engineer George R. Kingsland of
the Sherman was chosen to superintend
the> lob. This will take him away from
the Sherman for some time to come, and
the boys In the engine-room decided to
give him a send-off. Yesterday afternoon
they all. with Captain Orant at their head,
went over from the tTnton Iron Works
and took possession of the Warren. Chief
Kingslnnd was sent for, and then in be
half of his fellow workmen Assistant
Chief R. A. MeCabe. presented him with a
solid silver tea service. Mr. Klnjysland
¦was completely taken by surprise and all
he could do wan to stammer forth his
thanks. Mr. Klnrsland harf been nearly
two years on the Sherman, and under his
ru!e' the engine-room employes were like a
happy family.
p-rp*^H"E schooner J. G. Wall was flnal-
I ly towed into port early yesterday
I morning. She left Eureka last Fri
iA day with loQ.QOO feet of lumber
aboard and r<n Sunday morning
was iff the head?. Captain Jensen figured
en making a record run of it, but the wind
f"!l light and dashed all his hopes to the
ground. All of Sunday the schooner lay
fc*?calm<--d and <5urin^ the whole of Mon
day shf only covered six knots and then
was carriM lack to pea by the ebb tide.
Tupsday there was not enough wind to fill
her sails, but the schooners Uly and Re
peat, brinff farther south, pot a slant of
wind and managpd to get in. Wednesday
mornlr.g Captain Jensen got discouraged
end signaling to a passing tug was towed
to an anchorace.
ACCIDENT ON TEE "WTIXSCOTT
Txro of the Bark's Crew Injured
"Whil- Catting the Anchor.
TJt" bark 'Willscott is in. trouble again.
Dn her first visit to this port she came in
jn<3er a jury rip, having been dismasted
n a hurrirane off the cost of Japan. A
'.( w days aco she acain made port, hav
rg b«=-en partially dismasted off the coast
It Japan while on her way from Port Ar
hur. Yesterday while the vessel was be
r.g docked at Main-street wharf some of
:hr- <~Tfw were ordered to rat the anchor
and nearly fifty fathoms of chain near
the nine-fathom buoy three days ago.
Yesterday the tug Sea King went out and
recovered it.
The brig Harriet G has been purchased
by C. E. Whitney & Co. and will be put
In the codflshlng line.
NEWS OF THE OCEAN.
Shipping Merchants.
Matters of Interest to Marine'rs and
The British steamer Royalist cleared Tues
day for Sydney with 4SS.320 ft lumber -valued
ot J1P,<T77 and 2030 pkirs railroad material, be
ing part of 63 cars, valued at J4C3.000.
Shipping Intelligence.
m AJVUI * lil'.
, Wednesday,' March 6.
Etmr Geo W Elder, Randall, 68 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 46 hours.
Ptmr Corona. Glolow, 57 hours from New
port ami way ports.
Stmr Nome City. 1-mnlels, 22 hours from Eu
reka; bound to San Diego; put in to land pas
sr-n^ers.
Ktror Alcatraz, Carlson, 14 hours from Rules
Landlnc
Stmr North Fork, McLellan. 27 hours from
Eureka.
Ship John Currier, Murchlson, 12 days from
Oyster Harbor,
Birjre Santa Paula, McGovem. — hours
from Ventura. In tow of tug Rescue.
Schr John F Miller, Hansen, 3V4 days from
Coos Cay. • - - , ¦
Schr Berwick, Pearson. 8 days from Cdquille
River.
Schr J G Wall. Jensen, 4 days from Eureka.
8chr Abbie, Petersen, 6 days from Coos Bay.
Sehr Western Home, Chrlstensen. 6 days
from Coos llay. » ¦
Schr Onflanza, Chrlstenaen. 11 days from
Coqullle River.
fichr Lilllebonne, Hanson, 22 days from San
Marcos Island*.
Scfcr Free Trade, Jonasen. 4 days from Coos
•Bay. '
CLEARED.
Wednesday, March 6.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, Chemalnus; Pa
cific Coast Co.
Schr Premier. Gunderson, New Whatcom:
Alanka Packers' Association. -
Schr Duxbury, Todd, Cooks Inlet, via Orca;
Pacific Steam Whaling -Co. '
SAILED.
.Wednesday, March 6.
Stmr Geo LoomlfC ¦ Brldeett. • Ventura.
f?tmr .Queen, Thomas. San Dleno.
Stmr ' Empire, Macgenn, Coos Bay.
fitmr Navarrn. Hanson. Bowens Landing.
Stmr Nome City, Daniel*. San Diesro. •
Whnllnfi: «tmr Belvedere, Devoll, whalln?.
¦¦ Br ntmr Victoria. Hlakey. Chemalnus.
Rcfcr John D Tallant, Hoftland, New What
com. , . . ¦ . .
IUrk Challenger, Fownes. Sydney.
Uktn Portland. Orays . Harbor. •.
MISCELLANEOUS,
/rOIXT. LOBOS, March 6, 10 p m— Weather
foggy; wind NW, velocity. 12 miles."
LONDON, March 5— Rugs ehlp City of Be
nares, proceeding to destination, struck canal
entrance and. Is leaking. Cargo delivered un
damaged. * \ ¦
NEW YORK— Arrived March 6-Shlp '. E B
Futton, from Honolulu. Had heavy N\V and
N »alw; 21 days to Gulf Stream. Lost and
rjilit sails. . ,•->; -
MEMORANDUM. *
Per schr Lilliebonne— On • March \ 6. at 3:30
a m. in lat 37 46 N, Ion 124 W. Julius John
uon foil overboard and was drowned. He was
a nativa of Sweden, aged 22 years.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND- Sailed March 6— Ship
llnry L Cughlnj?, for Cape Town.
Arrived March 6— I3r ship Sierra Cordova,
SCHOONER J. G. WALL IS BECALMED IN SIGHT OF PORT
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
of the Oceanic line for a trip across the
ocean to Honolulu. Upon their arrival
there a new temple will be instituted.
Those who composed the party of yes
terday were drawn from the visitlnc and
local Shriners. Everything that could
conduce to the comfort of the visitors was
done and a beneficent weather dispenser
held the elements In leash in order that
the pleasure of the excursionists might
not be disturbed.
chorus, and for a brief time danclnc was
enjoyed.
About 2 o'clock this afternoon the pil
grims will embark on the steamer Sierra
The run home was made through Rac
coon Straits, around Anpel Island ani
along the water front. None of the pas
sengers failed to see the "possum" goir.s
through the straits and all landed happily
at the ferry depot shortly after 4 o'clock. *
PILGRIMS FROM.THE BLISTERING SANDS OF THE EASTERN DES
ERTS ENJOY A FEW WHIFFS OF SALT AIR AND PLENTY OF SUN
SHINE WHILE ON AN EXCURSION AROUND THE BAY.
FISHERMEN'S FUND INCREASES.
A subscription list opened by A. Sbar
boro, president of the Italian-American
Bank, for the purpose of making some
suitable recognition to the brave fisher
men who saved so many lives from tho
Rio de Janeiro and to create a fund to be
given to the Fishermen's Mutual Benevo
lent Society Is meeting with the approba
tion of commercial bodies, ship owners
and the business community at large.
The following donations have already
been made:
Italian-American Bank. $100; Hon. James D.
Phelan. $100; Chinese Six Companies, {200:
cash, jl: cash, $1; San Francisco Savings
Union, tZQu Llchtensteln-Cerriti Co., $5; Hank
of California. $100; Merchants' Association.
$100; Hlbwmia Saving? and Loan Society, $60;
Claus Spreckels, $100; F. Greco, $2; Daniel
Meyer, $10: J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Co., $100;
J. B. F. Davis & Sons. $25; Mrs. Dr. Joseph
Peseta, $jO; Carolina Morcutto. $1; Joseph
Musto,' $10: The Emporium and Golden Rule
Bazaar, $50; Union Iron Works, $50; Manufac
turers' and Producers' Association. $100; A. L.
Bcrll. $1; J. A. Folger & Co., $25; William
Wolff. & Co... $5; C. Dondero, $1; National Fire
Insurance Company of, Hartford, $25; total,
$1262.
JUST one pirl Trt:h a summery-look
ing hat rcade merry with the Mys
tic Shriners vesierday when they
¦went on their pilgrimage around
the bay. Somebody aloft decreed a
clear sky ar.d smooth water and the ar
rar.g-err.er.ts were so perfect and carried
o\it with such precision that the visiting
Ehrlners were warm in their expressions
cf delight with the harbor of San Francis
co es a show pl^ce.
There was not a ripple on the surface
of the bay nor a trace of fog to obscure
the landscape when the steamer James
M. Donahue pulled out from the Union
ferry depot shortly after 10 o'clock in tne
morning- ar.d moved slowly around the
hay to the accompaniment of a big brass
band that had been brought aboard to
help enliven tilings during the trip. All
the points of interest about the bay were
pointed out to the visitors, beginning with
the Union Iron Works. The Wisconsfn
lying- In the stream dipped her colors as
the excursionists swept by and the salute
•was returned by the Mystic Shriners, who
pent forth a reverberating cheer for tho
pallant crew that lined the decks of Uncie
Sam's latest fis-htlngr machine.
Commissary Wilkfns was the most pop
ular man aboard the beat. Lemonade for
the lad'es. zemzem water for the men ar.d
lunches for all were his contribution to
the er.joymcr.t of the occasion and the
eupply of good things ?eemed to be inex
haustible.
A ehort stay *rsis made at El Campn,
¦where some oratory was indulged In. Gen
eral Chlpnsan of Philadelphia was intro
duced to the assembly by Captain of Po
lice Wlttman and he told a number of
funry stories. The cakewalk was won Ly
Mrs. T. W. Strahan of this city. She was
presented with a bunch of wild flowers.
Then H. M. Lawrence, a member of
Islam Temple, sang- "Tlie Star-spangled
Banr.er," the audience joining in the
.Frederick and Anna Meinhold are again
husband and wife. Upon the order of
Judge- Seawell a writ of mandate was is
sued yesterday morning directing County
Clerk Deane to Issue a license authoriz
ing their remarriage. Upon the issuance
of the writ a license was forthwith Issued
by Deputy County Clerk Danforth, and
within an hour Justice of the Peace Dan
iels had again united Frederick and Anna
Meinhold. Together, leading their baby
boy Freddie by the hand, the once more
happy couple left the City Hall, leaving
benind them a precedent which says that
though the Superior Court of this city
and county is divided as to the right of a
divorced person to marry other than a
former husband or wife within a period
of one year from the date of the decree, it
stands as a unit as to the right of divorced
couples to again marry each other within
that period. .
' When the case was called before Judge
Seawell yesterday morning Chief Deputy
County Clerk Goddard, representing tho
County Clerk, rose and presented his
views upon the issues Involved in the case
at.bax. Mr. Goddard said that he did not
wish to occupy the position before the
court of being antagonistic to the peti
tioners, but an apparent ambiguity of sec
tion 61 of the Civil. Code and the evident
lack of clearness in the expression of opin
ion by former and present members of
the Superior, bench of this city and county
had caused the County Clerk to refuse the
application of the petitioners for a license
to wed.
"The right of divorced couples to re
marry within one year, the limit of the
statutory prohibition. Is apparent to me,"
said Mr. Goddard, "but .the right of the
people to the upholding of the laws which
their representatives have seen fit to en
act .is. equally to be considered. Xhafa
natural and moral right for these people
to remarry exists I cannot deny, and all
that we ask your Honor is for a judicial
interpretation of the statute under which
this license was refused. -This given and
if in favor of these petitioners, it will af
ford them not more pleasure than it will
me in order that they be qualified to wed
and again return to their own fireside and
the comforts of their old home."
Judge Seawell immediately decided that
the petitioners were entitled to the writ
as prayed for, and he made an order for
Its Issuance. Mr. and Mrs. Meinhold
thanked Mr. Goddard for his action In the
case and were more grateful to him than
they would have been had he issued them
a license at the time of their original ap
plication. Had the license been issued
when they called for it, they said, they
would have always been in doubt, In view
of the provisions of section 61, as to- Its
legality. Now there was no question as to
the legality of their marriage, hence they
were happy.
In the Divorce Court.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Irene C. Thompson from Otis C.
Thompson for cruelty and F. Drapinskl
from Mary Drapinskl for lnfjdellty.
Suits for divorce were filed by Henrietta
T. Walton against Charles Walton for
failure to provide and Bertha Meyer
against Richard Meyer for cruelty. Ber
nard Bernstein ha-"} sued to annul his mar
riage to Gussle Bernstein upon statutory
grounds.
After Hearing Views of Chief Deputy
County Clerk Goddard Judge
Seawell Issues Writ of
Mandate.
Former Husband and Wife
May Wed Within Y«ar
Prom Divorce.
MEINHOLDS ARE
AGAIN MARRIED
SOJOURNING SHRINERS TAKEN ON EXCURSION
AROUND THE BAY, VISITING MANY POINTS OF
INTEREST AND EN JO YING OUTING THOROUGHLY
THURSDAY. MARCH 7.
THE SAN 'FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 7, 1901.
5
Steamer. " From. Due.
Grace. Dollar... Grays Harbor Mar. 7
C. D. Lane Panama ! Mar' 7
Arcata Coos I?ay .".' Max' 7
Point Arena Point Arena Mar' 7
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar" 7
Mattewan.,... Tacoma Mar! 7
Pomona Humboldt !. Mar' 7
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. S
America Maru. China and Japan Mar" 8
State of Cal... Pu^et Sound . Ports Mar" 8
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Mar. 8
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Mar! 9
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Mar 10
Queen San Diego Mar! 10
Henita., Newport .Mar 10
Newport Panama & Way Ports. Mar* 10
Australia Tahiti Mar 10
Krarven Japan via San Diego..'. Mar. 10
Pro&reso Tacoma Mar. 10
Bureka. Humboldt Mar. 10
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. It
Chico Tlllamook Bay Mar 11
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar 12
Hyades Seattle Mar. 12
Leelanaw Seattle Mar' 12
Robt. Dollar... Seattle ...I Mar." 1«
Tltanla Nanalmo Mar' 12
Walla Walla... Pujret Sound Ports Mar' 13
Marlposa Honolulu •. Mar 13
Corona Newport Mar 13
Steamer. I
Destination.
|Salls.| Pier.
Argo
Mandnlay....
St. Paul
Santa Ana...
Sierra
Eureka
Coptic
Umatllla
Acme
Arcata........
Peru....
North Fork..
Corona..
Colombia
Grace Dollar.
Alliance......
Pomona
G. W. Elder..
Curacao......
Point Arena. .
March 7. j
Coquille River 4 pm|Pler 2
Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 2
New York via Pan 10 am Pier 27
Seattle & Taeoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Sydney & Way Pts 8 pm Pier 7
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
March 8.
Tlllamook Bay ....12 m Pier 13
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Panama & Way Pt 12 m rtlSS
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Newport 9 am Pier 11
Valparaiso & Way 12 m S.W. 2
March O.
Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Portld & Coos Bay 9 am Pier 20
Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
March 10.
San Dlogo 9 am Pier 11
March 11. *
Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 m Pier S
March 13.
Grays Harbor ....: /...... Pier 2
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Newport ..."..' 9 am Pier 11
March 13. ,
Tahiti 4 pm Pier 7
San DicRo 9 am Pier 11
Santa Rosa..
Czarina.......
Newbur*.....
City of Puebl.
Bonita. ...:... I
Australia.....
Queen...;;.'..'.
Run rises 6:33
Bun set* 8:09
Moon rises 8:3* p. m.
a Time Time ITlme Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• . ' H.W L. W / H \V L. W
{... 0:50 B.3 6:42 1.4 1:07 4.7 C:42 1.5
8 ... 1:17 5.2 7:20 1.1 1:52 4.8 7:11 1.8
9... 1:42 5.2 ' 8:00 1.0 2:41 4.2 7:43 2.2
10 ... 2:06 B.I 8:47 1.0 3:3S 4.0 8:12 2.8
11 ... 2*43 5-0 »:«<> 0.9 4:45 3.9 9:11 2.9
12 ... 3:26 5.0 10:40 0.8 5:57 4.0 10:12 3.1
13 ... 4:19 5.0 11:41 0.7 7:03 4.1 11:31 3.2
Steamer. " From. Due.
Grace. Dollar... Grays Harbor Mar. 7
C. D. Lane Panama ! Mar' 7
Arcata Coos I?ay .".' Max' 7
Point Arena Point Arena Mar' 7
Santa Rosa San Diego Mar" 7
Mattewan.,... Tacoma Mar! 7
Pomona Humboldt !. Mar' 7
Newburg Grays Harbor Mar. S
America Maru. China and Japan Mar" 8
State of Cal... Pu^et Sound . Ports Mar" 8
Santa Barbara. Humboldt Mar. 8
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma.... Mar! 9
Coqullle River. Grays Harbor Mar 10
Queen San Diego Mar! 10
Henita., Newport .Mar 10
Newport Panama & Way Ports. Mar* 10
Australia Tahiti Mar 10
Krarven Japan via San Diego..'. Mar. 10
Pro&reso Tacoma Mar. 10
Bureka. Humboldt Mar. 10
Columbia Portland and Astoria.. Mar. It
Chico Tlllamook Bay Mar 11
Crescent City.. Crescent City Mar 12
Hyades Seattle Mar. 12
Leelanaw Seattle Mar' 12
Robt. Dollar... Seattle ...I Mar." 1«
Tltanla Nanalmo Mar' 12
Walla Walla... Pujret Sound Ports Mar' 13
Marlposa Honolulu •. Mar 13
Corona Newport Mar 13
Run rises 6:33
Bun set* 8:09
Moon rises 8:3* p. m.
a Time Time ITlme Time
p Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
• . ' H.W L. W / H \V L. W
{... 0:50 B.3 6:42 1.4 1:07 4.7 C:42 1.5
8 ... 1:17 5.2 7:20 1.1 1:52 4.8 7:11 1.8
9... 1:42 5.2 ' 8:00 1.0 2:41 4.2 7:43 2.2
10 ... 2:06 B.I 8:47 1.0 3:3S 4.0 8:12 2.8
11 ... 2*43 5-0 »:«<> 0.9 4:45 3.9 9:11 2.9
12 ... 3:26 5.0 10:40 0.8 5:57 4.0 10:12 3.1
13 ... 4:19 5.0 11:41 0.7 7:03 4.1 11:31 3.2
Steamer. I
Destination.
|Salls.| Pier.
Argo
Mandnlay....
St. Paul
Santa Ana...
Sierra
Eureka
Coptic
Umatllla
Acme
Arcata........
Peru....
North Fork..
Corona..
Colombia
Grace Dollar.
Alliance......
Pomona
G. W. Elder..
Curacao......
Point Arena. .
March 7. j
Coquille River 4 pm|Pler 2
Coqullle River 5 pm Pier 2
New York via Pan 10 am Pier 27
Seattle & Taeoma.. 10 am Pier 2
Sydney & Way Pts 8 pm Pier 7
Humboldt 9 am Pier 13
China and Japan.. 1 pm PMSS
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
March 8.
Tlllamook Bay ....12 m Pier 13
Coos Bay 12 m Pier 13
Panama & Way Pt 12 m rtlSS
Humboldt 9 am Pier 2
Newport 9 am Pier 11
Valparaiso & Way 12 m S.W. 2
March O.
Grays Harbor 3 pm Pier 2
Portld & Coos Bay 9 am Pier 20
Humboldt 2 pm Pier 9
Astoria & Portland 11 am Pier 24
Mexican Ports .... 10 am Pier 11
Point Arena 2 pm Pier 2
March 10.
San Dlogo 9 am Pier 11
March 11. *
Seattle & Tacoma.. 12 m Pier S
March 13.
Grays Harbor ....: /...... Pier 2
Puget Sound Ports 11 am Pier 9
Newport ..."..' 9 am Pier 11
March 13. ,
Tahiti 4 pm Pier 7
San DicRo 9 am Pier 11
Santa Rosa..
Czarina.......
Newbur*.....
City of Puebl.
Bonita. ...:... I
Australia.....
Queen...;;.'..'.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
While many people have been cured ot
chronic catarrh by a single bottle of Pe-
runa, yet as a rule when the catarrh be-
comes thoroughly fixed more than one
bottle is necessary to complete a cure.
Peruna has cured cases Innumerable of
catarrh of twenty years' standing:. It la
the best. If not the only internal remedy
for chronic catarrh in existence.
But prevention is far better than cure.
Every person subject to catching cold
should take Peruna at once at the- slight-
est symptom of cold or sore throat at thi3
season of the year and thus prevent what
is almost certain to end In chronic ca-
tarrh.
If you do not derive prompt and satis-
factory results from the use of Peruna,
write at once to Dr. Hartman. giving a
full statement of your case, and he will
be pleased to give you his valuable ad-
vice gratis.
Address Dr. Hartman. President of The
Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus. Ohio.
Mrs. A. Snedeker, Cartersvllle, Ga.,
writes:
"I saw that your catarrh remedy, Pe-
runa, ¦was doing others so much pood
that I thought I would try it and see what
It would do for me.
My case is an old ««35*&.
fin? and [ have -^Fjfljf&fl
none of the acute "jfJ^^h^^cT,
symptoms now, be- *\/i?^iK^f5i^
cause I have had ,y?^^a*w?»fy
the disease so lonpr i^t^' t3£**£$
that I have none of t£F .
the aches and jjf <^*y » sf
pains, but a. gen- tf\J *** wjg^ E/
era I run-down con- VI E
dltion of the whole S a>»J m
body — sore noso \ -• / v
and throat and /A /?ef
stomach. I had a //£j^
good appetite, but /Y'Si
my food did not |^K\ p-tiSwff^'
nourish my sys- •^^SkS^^^y^
tern. I had com© •» < t«/ Vr^r'
down from 140 to " rf
about <o pounds in Mrs. A- Snedeker.
weight. I now feel •
that I am well of all my troubles."— Mrs.
A. Snedeker.
The best time to treat catarrh Is at tho
very beginning. A bottle of Peruna. prop-
erly used, never falls to cure a common
cold, thus preventing chronic catarrh.
They have come to regard Peruna as In-
dispensable to their success. Their pro-
fession is so exacting that It requires per-
fect health In every particular. They re-
gard Peruna as their friend and safe-
guard.
Many letters are received from this
class of people. Miss Carrie Thomas, a
prominent actress of New York City, in
speaking of Peruna, says: "I have used
Peruna with splendid results. Would not
be without it. No money would hire me
to have a settled cold or chronic cough, or
hoarseness. Catarrh is the most dreadful
thing that could happen to one of my pro-
fession. Peruna is my shield and protec-
tor against this most undesirable dis-
ease."— Carrie Thomas.
The season of catching cold Is upon
us The cough and the sneeze and the
nasal twang is to be heard on every hand.
The origin of chronic catarrh, the most
common and dreadful of chronic diseases,
is a cold.
This is the way the chronic catarrh gen-
erally begins: A person catches cold,
which hangs on longer than usual. The
cold generally starts In the head and
throat. Then follows sensitiveness of the
air passages, which inclines one to catch
cold very easily. At last, the person has
a cold all the while seemingly, more or
less discharge- from the nose, hawking,
spitting, frequent clearing of the throat,
nostrils stopped up. full feeling in the
head and sore, inflamed throat.
Many people can tolerate slight ca-
tarrhal affections. A little hoarseness.
a Blight cough, a cold in the head, or a
trifling derangement of the digestive
organs, do not much disturb the average
person in his business.
But this Is not true of the public
speaker or stage artist. His voice must
always be clear, lungs perfect., digestion
undisturbed. Hence the popularity of
Peruna among the leading actors and
actresses of this country.
"I have used several bottles of Peruna and feel greatly benefited j
thereby from my catarrh of the head. I feel encouraged to believe that •
if I use it a short time longer I will be able to fully eradicate the disease I
of thirty years' standing." — David Meekison, Member of Congress. ?
------ ' '*
- Hon. David Meekison Is well known, not only in his own State, but throughout
America. He began his political career by serving four consecutive terms as
Mayor of the town In which he lives, during which time he became widely known
as the founder of the Meekison Bank of Napoleon. Ohio. He was elected to the
FJfty-fifth Congress by a very large majority, and Is the acknowledged leader of
his party In his section of the State.
Only one flaw marred the otherwise complete success of this rising statesman.
Catarrh, with its insidious approach and tenacious grasp, was his only unconquered
foe. For thirty years he waged unsuccessful warfare against this personal enemy.
At last Peruna came to the rescue, and he dictated the following letter to Dr. Hart-
man as the result:
CONGRESSMAN MEEKISON, OF OHIO.
CATARRH THIRTY YEARS.
A Remarkable Experience of a Prominent
Statesman,
CONGRESSMAN MEEKISON GIVES PE-
RU-NA A HIGH ENDORSEMENT.
W '*§? Csg>" W
* - . -v - .
DON'T SAW
Tour neck with the sharp edges of collar*
that still have plenty of -wear In them;
send them here for treatment. We don't
care, how sharp the point may have .been
when the "other fellow" did the laundry
¦work — they'll be as smooth as silk -when
finished here. One test tell3 the story bet-
ter than words.
Domestic finish for fuU dress shirts It
ordered. ____
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1004 Market Street.
Telephone — South 42O,
Oakland Office— 54- San Pablo Av«,
\
PERFECT
Used by people of refinement
for over a quarter of a century.
Weekly" Gall, $1 per Year
THE STATE OF THE TEETH
is an index to the character. The refined
careful individual v.-ill not permit them to
. bworoe dit-'-olorcd or -decayed without
consultins l'-e
DENTIST. -
We make examinations free and slve an
crtimr.te of the cost of putting teeth In
perfect order.
Our Dental Work
is modern, hish-class and guaranteed.
ArtlKtic Geld Fi;ii.ig s fil.OO
Silver FillJnfis ... w # {jq
Regulating Teeth c!oo
SwSS: Chalmers Dental Co.
- -.¦.-•
ADVERTISEMENTS.As the war tax reductions provided by Congress
are to go into effect July 1 we can celebrate our free
dom from stamp taxes on the glorious Fourth with
more than usual exultation. '
The excitement caused by the discovery of arsenic
ir. beer sold in and around Manchester is said to have,
started the biggest "swear off" movement on* -record
in the British islands. Unfortunately, however, the
movement, while abandoning beer, tends,, steadily
toward whisky and does not ' help the temperance
cause to any extent.
When Senator Tom Carter writes his memoirs or
takes to the lecture platform it is to be hoped he will
explain why. he talked down the river and harbor ap
propriation bill. It was none of "his funeral. .
• ~
Bills appropriating money for the University of
Pennsylvania now before the Legislature of that
State aggregate more than $600,000. and it is said the
prospects are that all of them will pass. Evidently
the people of that State do not belief in waiting for
millionaires to do everything for them. They knou
how to do big things for education without asking
Carnegie.
We may not be altogether satisfied with the work
of Congress, but tinrc we get a reduction of '.war
taxes lo the amount of $41,000,000 and escape an extra
session we may as v/cl! bs content. Things might
have been very n:_ch worse
- ~r •
A rule has bc-n established at -the. State peniten
tiaries that all convicts privileged to release must be
liberated on Monday. This will probably" insure them
th? gral:f:cation of a police reception committee on
their arrival here.
China is nowcrkinjj the European concert to pro
tect her from R_£si_Tand will get es much satisfac
tion us would be obtained by a man who went to the
philr.r.lr.roptst of a firm end asked for - protection
acainst the wicked partner.
. T*^= .
There is a report tnat the Cuban constitutional con
vention is thinking of treating the demands of our
Government in «uch a way as to force an extra ses
sion of Cor.fyrcss, but it is safe to say if they do th;
fcssion will be a hot cr.c for them.
The mounted police of St. Petersburg arc reported
to Ihvc rode down and trampled under their horses a
large number of students for no ether oftensi than
T.'iat of siTJ^incr son^s in llic streets; and .-speculation is
!rft to uniidcr what they would have done had th:
students been whooping a college yell.
Daughter— Tea. ha proposed to me— and
made me just shudder!
Mother— Why. ho has a fair Income and
Is aulte respectable.
Daughter — Ah. but. mamma, bow could
1 entrust ray whole future to a man so
reckless and Improvident aa to want to
marry?— Lire.
"Where's the servant?" asked Mr. Cal-»
low joy.
"I discharged her," answered his wifa
apprehensively.
"What did sha do?"
"She took her -wages and went away
without a word."
"H'm. I wonder If we hadn't better try
and get her back. Anybody as gentle and
obedient as that ought to prove a Jewel."*
— Washington Star.
Toung Mother— Do you think baby looks
most like me or hl3 papa?
Nurse — Like you, mum. Mr. Jenkins 13
a mighty handsome man."
Advertisement: "Wanted— A competent
and well-mannered nurse."— Tit-Bits.
p Oj? g_I never saw my wlfo coma out
second best except once, and that waa
•with a. little lnsignlficant-looklng chap
who took pictures.
Bass— And how was that?
y O gg_She pitched into him for not hav
ing some proofs ready when he promised.
He pleaded the weather and sickness, but
it was no use— It only made her bully-rag
him the more. Finally a look of despera
tion came Into his face. "Madam." ha
said. "If you say another word I'll finish
up those pictures to look like you." — Bos
ton Transcript.
"Didn't you start out with a play called
'Turned Adrift?* " asked the friend.
"We did." replied the eminent tragedian
and repertory actor, Mr. Barnes Tormer:
"but we couldn't set any body to float
It."- -Indianapolis Press.
Choice candles. Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dafly to>
business houses and public men by lha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's^. 510 Mont
gomery st. Telephone, Main 1042. •
The perfumers of Rome lived In a »p»
cfcu quarter set apart for their use. and
whole streets were filled with their shops,
which were lounging places for wealthy
young nobles.
I ¦ *> . .
Cheap to Bakersflcld.
The Santa Fe -win sell you a ticket tf> Balt»r»
fleUl and return at the very lo-w rate ct $10.
Oocxl to leavw Pan Francisco March 9th. Bl<1a
rides to the Kern County oil wells at very low
rates. Secure your sleeping car reservations
end make all arrangements at the company's
office. 641 Market street, or at Ferry depct.
A thoroughly equipped night school. A few
months' spent in studying arithmetic, book
keeping, shorthand e.nd penmanship at Heald's
Business College Night Schcol will fit youn*
men and -women to nil clerical position* at soo4
salaries.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
Mindful of that evil deed and its sorry results, we say
frankly to all intending settlers: Be careful when you
buy land, and don't buy at all until you know the qual
ity of the soil and its adaptation to the use to which,
you intend to put it. Don't believe any story you hear
ab6ut roast pigs running around this State begging
people to cat them. While it is true that the con
ditions of life and toil are 'easier here than in the ex
treme summer and winter climate of the East, it is
also true that faithful labor, guided by intelligence
and knowledge, is just as necessary to sitcccss ¦ here
as it is anywhere. .V^m >
So far this cheap travel has produced no appreciable
results because of a strange oversight. of the Southern
NOTICE is out that all the overland roads will
follow the Southern Pacific's suit and give a
low rate for colonist, or settler, excursions
from Missouri River points. This will include all the
lines to Oregon and Puget Sound points, and will re
sult in a large amount of cheap travel. What its
effect upon the increased settlement of the scctioh in
tended to be favored will be remains to be seen.
There is no reason why it should not produce an ac
ccss of -very desirable population. With the excep
tion of Southern California no part of the Pacific
Coast has heretofore 1,-ecn exploited by the railroads.
The method now adopted- has long been used for the
benefit of all the country between the Great Lakes
and the Rocky Mountains, and has been a prime fac
tor in rapidly developing a population of many
millions. The cheap rates to the coast will not
produce as large a population of settlers to the
whole travel as in the case of that territory,
because the scenery and the glamour of romance
on this coast will induce a large num
ber of the merely curious to take a cheap excursion
for merely sightseeing purposes. In the prairie States
there were no sights lo sec, and cheap ratos to them
carried only those who went for the practical purpose
of bettering their condition by settling and making
homes. But, canceling out the sightseers, we should
still receive a great many permanent settlers, and if
they are properly guided to make good purchases and
their lot with us proves happy they will make a large
body of useful missionaries for California who will
continually attract hither their old friends and neigh
bors in the East. This matter of proper location an!
future contentment should be the object of every
Californian who comes in contact with these new
comers. This State is not peculiar in the instances of
land-sharking that have injured it. T^ie settlement
of a splendid colony of Hollanders on hard pan land
near Merced, in which many honest people lost all
they had, is something for which the State should
THAT COLONIST RATE.
Now that all fears of an extra session of Congress
aie about over there seems an easy and open way for
the President to make his long promised visit to the
Pacific Coast this spring, so we might as well get
ready for a grand welcome. \
In all the wide world there is no forest that better
deserves preservation than that of the Big Basin.
Even if it were remote from human habitation it
would still be worth l.ccping as a natural marvel, ami
when once its beauties were made known thousand 1
of people would travel many miles for the purpose of
passing a holiday amid its groves. It happens, how
ever, that the forest, ro far from being* remote, is al
most at the gates of San Francisco. It. is near th«i
center of the population of the State; In a time not
far distant it will be accessible to a million people
for use as a holiday ground to which they can go and
return within a day. Such being the case, the argu
ment for its preservation is irresistible.
Civilization, with its work and waste, its enterprise
and its recklessness, is rapidly stripping the Pacific
Coast of the mighty trees that have excited the won
der of all travelers and the admiration of scientists
ever since they were first made known to civilized
men. With each succeeding year the sweep of de
struction by ax and saw and fire becomes wider, and
the forests are almost like smoke. It is
time that something be done to conserve tke forests
as a whole and to save the remaining groups of giant
trees so that they may serve as great parks for recrea
tion and for instruction for all time to come.
r* ROM Sacramento comes the cheering report
'that the passage of the bill designed for the
preservation of the great redwood forest in thi
Big Basin of the Santa Cruz Mountains seems now
to be well assured. Tt is to be hoped the bill will not
be defeated, sidetracked or overlooked in the rush of
the closing days of the session. It is a measure of
great importance to the State, since it aims at preserv
ing for generations *e come one of the chief glories
of California — one of the forest wonders of the world.
BIG BASIN PARK
Here, at any rate, is a negligence, or worse, thu
appe_ri to be the fa/ilt of the managers themselves.
I5y refu/mg to carry on tlie search they save _ few
<io!lars for the company, and for the sake of that they
are willing to have the Rio where she sank regard
less cf every duty resting upon them to assist in the
lTovcry of the bodies of the dead, and their property
which may be of value to the living. . .
In this, as in other instances of a similar nature.
the managers will shift the blame of the loss of the.
s'camer upon the pilot or some employe of the com
pany; but upon whom can they shift the blame for
the neglect to prosecute the search for the ship?
Whose fault is it that the search was dropped nfte- so
small an amount of work and expense? By whose
neglect hes it come about that ever since Saturday th;
efforts to find the Rirt have been confined to private
panles?
Apparently the Pacific Mail Company has long ago
reached the conclusion that the public has no rights
that company 'is bound to protect or even to respect
Wreck after wreck has taken place among its vessels,
but it has learned nothing from them, and seemingly
it has not even tried *o learn. When a vessel goes down
th» company scratches the name off the list of its ships
_n<! goes on in the same old wzy. Thus each new
C'raster furnishes a<ld;d reason for public condemna
tion of the company's methods of doing business.
This neglect on the part of the company adds an
other to the many bad phases of the accident. It ap
pears the compan3' is indifferent to the dead, to the
loss of property and to the menace which the sunken
ship constitutes to the navigation of the channel.
After a litt'e display of zeal in making the search the
company abandoned the work in absolute carelessness
whether or not some ether vesfel might run upon
the masts of the sunken Rio and receive serious in
jury.
UT 1IILE the horror of the wreck of the Rio was
I fresh in the public mind the Pacific Mail Com
pany made a show of searching for the wreck.
K datives of those who were lost in the sunken vessel
trusted that the efforts of the company would brin^
them at lean th« bodies of their dead that they might
receive decent burial, and that the -baggage of tht
jjassengers containing perhaps many articles which the
Uving would cherish as mementos of the departed
would be recovered. All such trust in the company
was in vain. After the first display of activity the
search by the compmy was abandoned. All efforts
row being made to locate the wreck are carried on
by private parties. Since Saturday the Pacific Mail
corporation has done nothing.
PACIFIC MAIL NEGLIGENCE.
It will be remembered that in the office of Secre
tary of State Sherman gave way to Day, and the lat
ter soon retired, to be followed by Secretary Hay.
In the office of Attorney General McKenna gave way
to Griggs. Postmaster General Gary retired after a
comparatively short time .and was succeeded by
Smith. The Interior Department passed from the
control of Bliss to that of Hitchcock, and in the War
Department Algcr gave way to Root. Thus during
his first term McKinley had three Secretaries of State,
two Secretaries of War, two Secretaries of the In
terior, two. Postmasters General and two Attorneys
General. After such experience the public can well
understand why the President should be eager to re
tain with him for the coming four years the men
whom he has tried in office and found to be at once
harmonious and efficient.
To the people also will the reappointment of the
former Cabinet be gratifying. The work of each of
the officials has been as pleasing to the public as tj
the President. The administration of the great de
partments of state has been carried on with singular
success. There has been no scandal nor any sign of
weakness in any department. " Public business has
been attended to with zeal and intelligence. The pub
lic welfare has been carefully guarded, and progress
and improvement have been made along all lines of
governmental work. It is therefore a matter for gen
eral congratulation that the new administration is to
be. in almost every respect the same as that whicli has
given the country so much prosperity in the past.
It is not an easy task to bring together a Cabinet
whose members work harmoniously together and ar_
one and all acceptable to the public by reason of their
administrative ability and popular sympathies. Dur
ing the early part of his first term the. President had
proof enough of the difficulty of the task. Tor one
cause or another his Cabinet underwent many and
frequent changes, and as a consequence the work of
administration was impeded and unsettled in many
respects.
PRESIDENT McKINLEY has been fortunate
in being able to retain for his new term of of
fice all the members of his Cabinet with one
exception, that of Attorney General Griggs, who,
while consenting to remain for the present, has an
nounced an intention to retire in April. The coun
try"will be well satisfied with the continuance o4,the
former (^abinet in office, and it is hardly necessary to
_3y that to the President himself the matter must be
one of great gratification.
McKINLEY AND HIS CABINET.
THURSDAY.!'. '. MARCH 7, 1901
• JOHN -D. SFRECKELS. Proprietor.
Ltiztti til Ccaf=i:rltttlc_i t» W. B, LEASE, K&___tr.
v (VIRRn 1 - OFFICE Tff^wlinne Hrgww^gQt
l"t__TcAT.O>" OFFICE...Markct *n_ Third. S. I*.
TclrpbniK? l*re»s -01.
CD1TOHIAL noO?.X5« 217 to 221 St_~-«;_-o_ St.
' Trlrpiionr Pruii _<>-.
Delivered Iiy Cnrrlern. IS Ontti Ver Week.
Stnsrle Coplen. O Cent*.
Term* »«>• Mad. inrln.Hnc Poataffei
JDATT.T CA_I> (Jnrludlr.B Sutifisy), cne jear $».M
PATL.T CALIj <!ncV_d!rr FuniJty), € months 3.01
DAILY CALX. <!_c-:u_!_r Sunday). - months 1-53
PAILT CALL-Br F!njr!« Month «5e
tSVSSOXt CAUL. On* T»*r 1-W
WEEKLT CAIJU One Year *- M
All po-tma-ter- nri> «n#_orl7.ed to rccelTe
¦ ntmcrfptlnns.
Carer!* ecr'ea «¦!!! b* fonvardtd when re<i_este_
VT«il rub*wlt>»r!« 5n rr^^rlric rh_ne» of ¦flflr»-n «hrt_4 be
particular to rive both NEW AJ."I» OLD ADDRESS la «r_er
to it— ura & pru_i>t ted ecrr^rt compl'-S—ce with thctr requeat.
OAKUM) OFFICE 111S Broad war
C. CEOHCE KttOCXESS.
-Uftrtr 7ertic_ A-vtriiii-s. Jft-jtttti Bnilding. Chitaji,
«_ocr Dl*_nc« TaJepbon* '"Central 2611.")
NEW TORK COHRKSPON'DEXT:
C C. CAULTOX lleralfl Square
?C_W TOI'.K BEPfiESEKTATIVK: •
ITETOEX U . S3XITII :*.<> Tribune Batl_l__
nf.w to;u; n_\vs stands:
W»l_3rf-A»tcr:a Hotel; A. brmtano. a Union Sc__re:
_urr_> Hiil Met*!.
CTIICAGO NEWS PTANDS:
Bh*rn_n Houee: V. O. JC*w» Co.; Great Xorthera Hotel;
Fr»_c-t House; Auditorium Hotel.
WA5HINCTOX <D. C> OFKICK... .I4OC G St., 71. TV.
MUKTU.V IS. CUAM-. Correspondent
DKAXCII OFFICnS _7 Mor.txcmory. corner of Clay. op#n
ur.v.: 9:30 o'clock. MO Hctm, cp*n or.tll 3;30 o'clock. W!
McAllister cprn until »:3D o'clock. CIS I_r_tn, open until
J-.SO e'eirck. JSU MlMlon. ojwb until 10 oVJock. _61 Market
comer Eixt**nth. c^n until * o'clock. 1C9C Valencia. cp»n
_r.t!l 9 o'clock. I0S Eleventh, open until S o'clock. X W. cor
ner Twenty-ftecond _rn! Kentucky, orm until 9 o'clock.
Ill— SLEEP AND SLEEPLESSNESS
1^ would be Impressive if I could begin
by saying that Insomnia, like Insanity and
nervous prostration, is on the Increase. It
Is my Impression that Huch In the cas.?.
but how difficult to prove It! Insomnia ia
a. .minor symptom, not' an Infectious dls-;
ease, and therefore does not get Into the
health reports. But it Is one symptom o.
insanity. which disease seems to be slight
ly increasing, and alsu of nervous pros
tration, about which nothing was heard
forty years ago. It is caused by overwork
—and American overwork. It Is caused by
excessive smoking, and we ' use more t>
bacco every year per capita. It Is caused
by those changes In the arteries which
come on In advanced-. Jfe, and, the life of
the modern man being longer, we havo
more hard arteries than we used to. have.
It is a symptom of the nervous constitu
•tutlon, and the nervous constitution— to
s.iy nothing of nervousness about the con
stitution — is greatly in _vidence nowadays.
It is a malady of the town rather than:
of the country, and our population is be
coming an urban one. Seventy years ago
there was none of {he eo-ca lied *Ieei>
producln& drugs which are now retailed
across every druggist's) counter. In the
I old days the only- things which could be
used to produce sleep were opium, whlcn
isJVIangerous and uncomfortable; henbane
nnd hemp, which are uncertain. and^Tie
ill-smelling nervine*, which are of little
real use. .The production and sale of .hyp
notics- Is now -on an enormous scale.
Every few months son_d new. compound
drug is being evolved from the laboratoiy
and exploited In the medical journals.
This could hardly be the case unless there
wore a great number of persons wno
wanted something to make them sleep.
So tfiat it seems a reasonable • conclusion
that people do not sleep now quite as we'l
«s their grandfathers used to do. I am
not, however, a pessimist In regard to thj
future on this point. Being an intelligent
people we will in time diHcover that In
somnia Is a bad thine to have and .that
tho struggle for subsistence and success
cannot bo carried on. If a person does not
Bleep; and consequently measures will bo
taken to adjust ourselves to the situation
bo. that this unpleasant condition will b^
gradually > diminished— In other words,
while we may have more Insomnia for
the next half century eventually we will
probably learn how to live so, that there
will be loss of it. ' ¦
Mental Activity and Insomnia. •
Besides, the coming man. apart from
any question of sleep disorder, will prob
ably obtain I«*«s sleep. The more highly
organized nnd specialized structures have
to keep awake more In order to maintain
tho delicacy of the equilibrium. At the
present time the feat* of normal continu
ous mental actH-lty have been done by
men of the higher brain type. Napoleon
had not slept for three days when he
reached Parla after .Waterloo. He could,
it is said, go without sleep almost Indefi
nitely. And one reads of many similar
featH of persistent vigilance among men
of great and active talent. Insomnia and
a tendency to short hours of sleep are
more common among brain workers,
especially among the intellectual and ar
tistic type as distinguished from those of
administrative and executive powers. As
the organism becomes more settled In Its
habits, more automatic and machine-like
in its work. It get* more rest. .But the
world is not getting into this state,
among the progressive • races. Indeed,
races (hat do not suffer from Insomnia
are cither at a standstill or are dying out.
All tbe organs of the body do their work
more or less rhythmically and sleep is the
resting phase of the brain's rhythm. It
takes up one-third of each twenty-four
hours. Some organs, like the heart, rest
half the time, the lungs ;i little more than
half: the healthy stomach has about the
samo amount ot leisure. The brain may
thus be considered as compared with
othrr organs^to be worked overtime.
But sleep IS not alone a period of rest
for the brain; ail the organs of the body
shiire it in a measure. The heart beats
moro slowly and quietly; the breathing
la al«o slower; the temperature of the
hotly Is less, and the chemical changes of
nutrition slacken.
How Sleep Clears the Brain.
Sleep not only supplies rest: It la the
tlm« when the circulatory organs, the
veins; arteries and lymphatics, put In a
special kind of work nnd In a way scour
and clean up, carrying off the waste pro
ducts accumulated uurlng the day's ac
tivity. For during the day the brain ce}H
are continually undergoing chemicHl
changes. The results of these changes
accumulate. They are called "fatigue
products" and their presence In the brain
causes a feeling of weariness and drowsi
ness. During sleep rheso cell changes are
slower, the blood vessels- carry off the
fatigue-products, so that the brain
awakens with decks cleared for action
again.
During Bleep there Is le-n blood In the
brain. The nrnounl is always less than
during the waking life, but It varies ;i
good deal. A slight noise, a strong odor,
a pinch of the skln-aM send a little more
blood to the brain, though the sleei>or may
not be Bwakenefl "jy It. This sensitive
ness of the circulation is necessary. It is
a sort of protection to the sleeper from
passing Into actual lothargy. Just as tho
slopping person nwnkr>ns the brain be
comes for n momoni particularly poor In
blood, and nonce tho moment of waking,
especially If ' accompanied by a sudden
movement, makes one confused, dizzy or
l'aint. 1 hnvo known pertnotm who were
vtiirtlctl from sloop nnd who jumped to
their feet to fall in a faint.
Sound Sleep nnd Early Rising.
Sloop grows <hop,'i- for about an hour
from tho tlmo of itH •bi-gtnntng. then re
mains iibniit tlio f<nini* for two or throe
hours, tlicn Krndunlly gnnvs lighter.
Hli't-p In nlwny* tlp^ycr when tho sleopor
I* In tin- iliirk nnd to a U-*» oxtont when
ili.i-.i mo no trrlttt tliiK »oumta or odors.
Rl<*'<p Iti itin ilitytttnc, Jim ti-Hti.i by physio
loKtcitl experiment. Ix tibout one-third
lighter tlitm HU'fp m night. Th« fact thut
fllpftp It* Iii-Mrr lit live iljuk Ih u basis of
whin truth tlirio |m in (ho i in belief
thut nlr. •!• In I. .-(I. i UI..I-,. midnight than
after, Tim** who K»n more nlcop before
tho rnornini HkIH tuul twines l»'Kln to en
ter their I'tioni* »{ei DtttOV Bleep. Under
l>roj>ar iirdetuitlutiM, l.owovor. good »l«*«'p ;
pan I"' ImmI in tlio ilit) lime. nn. I I do not ¦
nnd thut JnunmllHiH, Tor i<xuinpl<% who
hnvo lo tuito ihelr H|iep In the .morning,
Buffer phrllc'itlut'ly from liiKomnln. Tho
Mirly-to-l'i 1 .! iiini onrl.v-tu-rlji> habit has a
phyaiolouleiil IhihIh. but It rnny be over
done, und It Is not especially adapted to
urbn!i hnlilts of work. The farmer who
rises at 4 o'clockMn tho morning can go
and milk his cows and nttend to the allied
duties, but in cities the period from 4 to
7 o'clock is a rathur cold and profitless
one, not compensated for by the rising
of the sun. the singing of the birds or
other like "gawds," as Charles Lamb calls
them. The- more serious side Is that 'as
the early riser passes middle life he finds
that tho tendency to wake early Is ac
centuated, so" that he begins to suffer
from morning insomnia. > I have not said
enough, I hope, to extenuate indolence or
'to discourage the rural disciples of an
ancient creed. -
Amount of Sleep Required.
Sleep Is most essential in the two ex
tremes of lite. The new-born Infant
sleeps most of tho time, or ought to. Up
to 10 the child Bhould sleep about twelve
hours: from 10 to 20 he requires nine or
ton' hour*; the mature man should get
along with eight hours, and In old asro
rlx or seven hours is enough at night,
though a nap during the day is helpful.
Woman, it Is agreed, need3 an hour moro
sleep than man. but on tho other hantV
sho seems to bear the loss of slespr better 1
than man.
Theso rules are subject to a good many
variations. I have known a man of fine
ami active intellect who, all his mature
life, slept only four hours in each twenty
four. On the other hand some, more
of ton women. Inherit a tremendous ca
pacity for sleep. They can sleep twelve
hours every night, nnd take a long nap
In the daytime; if. they -get -a' chance. -
A person can go .'without sleep just
about as long as ho'can go without food
that is. twenty to forty days. But peo
ple cannot ordinarily go without sleep for
more than three days without serious
symptoms. Those who think they do not
•lccoat nil arc mistaken.
COPYRIGHT, 1901.
By Dr. Oiiarles -I_. -Dana.
Persons of nervous temperament do not
sleep quite so much as those of the op
poxite type. This is true, though not uni
formly so. of nervous children. It must
mean that this class of persons does not
need quite bo much sleep. The repara
tion powers are greater; the tissues build
up sooner; the circulation i_ more active.
They work more quickly and rest more
quickly. Nevertheless, this class needs
the sleep it get» even more than others,
and It is especially Important that it gets*
Into regular habits of taking sleep. If
such people lose Bleep they eventually
break down and easily get to suffering
from sleeplessness. This la A warning
which parents of nervous children should
take. People steep more, and more pro
foundly, in cold and temperate climates
and at lower altitudes. The inhabitants
of high, dry regions. . like the Colorado
plateau, or simply very dry, windy re
gions, like those of Minnesota and the
Northwest, suffer from . insomnia.
Going to Sleep and Avoiding Dreams.
The theory of the cure for sleeplessness
Is based on these facts: The great nerv
ous centers of the brafn are being con
stantly battered by stimuli from the va
rious sense organs,, the viscera and tne
Internal etlmull of stored up thought and
feeling. These nerve centers rest in sleep
by aecuring as far as possible a respite
from these irritations. Shut out from the
spinal cord, for. example, impulses to
make Its centers act and' it sleeps^ This
is at once accomplished by lying flat on
the back and keeping quiet. »mrt out
from the conscious mind the stimuli, xrom
the eyes, the ears, the nose and as far
as possible from the skin end viscera, and
there comes a tendency to sleep. The ex
periment was trle_ on a young man who
had lost all his senses but hearing. By
stopping his ears with wax he would at
once fall to sleep. Now we can exclude
all these Irritations fairly well, and ordi
narily it is done when one goes to bed.
Unfortunately, we cannot control the In
ternal stimuli of thought and feeling and
not always those of extrinsic origin. So
worry or the desire to .solve problems In
affairs or disorders of the body keeps the
sleepless man tossing on his bed. But to
exclude the sensory stimuli from the brain
as far as possible is the object which Is
aimed r.t. : ; '-" /
We owe it to a dream that Galen be
came a physician; that Esculapius pre
scribed dates for consumption, and that
more important events of history took
place. There are to-day persons who be
lieve in the significance of dreams and
others who get perhaps esthetic feelings
out of them. But I consider that dreams
on the whole are unhealthful and that
perfect sleep Is dreamless. Dreaming Is
no doubt more common now and less af
fects the imagination than It used to do.
The cult of Esculapius for sixty years
wa3 based on the production of dreams,
which his followers to-day seek to abol
ish altogether. Dreaming Is usually a
matter of Indigestion, pain or worry, and
it occurs in the lighter phases of sleep
that Is to say, at its beginning or ending.
How 'to Get Sound Sleep.
Sleep is not affected by the, mag-netlo
currents of the earth, and one sleeps
f-qually well with his head to the north
pole or south pole, and with the bed on
glass castors or on copper conducting
rods, with the feet free or connected by
a wire to a pail of ice water, as advised
by the exploiters, of a certain proprletary
"cv.re."
Persons sleep beet In the positions most
comfortable to them. Most persons sleep
on the side, and oftener the right side,
but people with "livers" are incited to
sleep en the left side and those with Irri
table hearts on the right side. Some
physicians advise those who have poor
blood to sleep without a pillow and those
of plethoric habit to sleep with the head
well raised. The popular Idea that sleep
ing on the back causes bad dreams has
some justification In fact. Young chil
dren, according to llenoch. a learned Ger
man authority, ought to sleep, and gen
erally do. with their arma bent and held
to the sides so that the hands are near
the chin, somewhat in the position as
sumed during Intra-uterlne life.
There are many forms of sleep disturb
ances, but the term "Insomnia," or sleep
lessness, is the most common and dis
tressing and includes most of the others.
The coming man must have sound, rest
ful sleep or he will not be able to do his
work.
To sleep well Is largely a matter of
habit and the most important thing for
a man to do who is starting- in life If he
wishes to avoid insomnia Is to form the
habit of going to bed at a certain time
nnd get his body to expect sleep at that
time.
How Insomnia Is Produced.
Insomnia la often brought on by the
practice of working at night and following
thl« up by reading late into the night.
Far be it from me to decry too unspar
ingly a habit which brings much pleasure
anU'intellectual enrichment into life. The
practice of late reading Is not so bad
If It la temperately indulged In. Twenty
or thirty minutes devoted to some work
which quiets the mind, pleases the fancy
or adds a little- store to knowledge may be
helpful. Ptolemy, king of Egypt, was ad
vised "to use honest actions during the
day and have divine and celestial medita
tions in the evening," and It makes a Rood
prescriptlon for sleep. Amlel s Journal,
Emerson, "Sartor Resartus," St. Augus
tine Marlus the Epicurean and the lyrics
of the Bible are good to prepare for sleep.
And If any one were to repeat Sir Thomas
Browne's praedormitial prayer or Words
worth's Sonnet a few times he would not
only wnnt to sleep but have to do so. But
to read Anthony Hope or "The Three
Guardsmen" or the popular novels of ad
venture of the day or polemics or deep
philosophy leads to Insomnia and very un
pleasant nnd dysonelric nights. There are
less serious works that may be used, such
us the old and quieter type of novel or the
three-volume history or books of lelsurely
t ravel. I have a list of sleep-Inducing
works which Is too long to insert here;
I besides, each must find his own.
I Working at night Is bad for those who
have a tendency to insomnia. Happily
this practice is. largely counteracted by
the not altogether altruistic attitude of
the wife, who claims nowadays a3 a right
a certain portion of her husband's time
and society.
I presume that tobacco and coffee are
the only substances in ordinary use which
tends to cause insomnia. A man finds out
for himself very soon wnether he is being
harmed by these things. Alcohol, except
In excess. Is not a cause; indeed the
hearty feeders and moderate drinkers gen
erally sleep well, the hearty feeding being
the main factor. A little food at night
often promotes sleep, especially in the
aged.
Be Happy and Avoid Worry.
It is easy to tjdvise against worry, but
I know of no means of utilizing the ad
vice. Still, worry causes sleeplessness
more than any other single thing and to
be happy Is u very v.urc cure for bad
nights. I must leave it to the economists
the clergy and the cultivators of life's
practical philosophies tq deal with these
sufferers.
Sleeplessness alarms many people. I
find, because they think it Is a symptom
cf impending brain trouble or indicates
the outset of insanity. This Is a foolish
notion which often does much harm. In
somnia is no more a symptom or fore
warning of Insanity that Is headache or
dyspepsia. It is. to be sure, sometimes a
serious symptom in insanity, but one sees
a hundred sleepless people who are not
and never become Insane to one who doe*
And this latter person has signs that
mark his troubles much more sisnifle_ntlv
than does insomnia.
There arc no good drugs for Insomnia
and the world would be better If we hnd
i none of our many modern hypnotics Th«
best cure after direct causes are removed
la long exposure to the fresh and blowing
air in the right kind of climate-that taiE
one not above i:-.OO feet or very dry FxV"
else to the point of much fatigue docs not
help rleep. especially in those who are not
very strong. The seashore or a sea vov
age Is not by any means a specific n£ it
la often atsertod to be. !^\" ' U
As the coming man Is likely to get ;<><«
sleep but to need it more. It behooves mv
readers to bo careful. Get into good alr£n
Ing habits and 5f they, are disturbed use
l*o drugs to correct the disturbance
An Interesting Study of How and When to
Sleep so as to Contribute Most to
Perfect Health.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
?;i The San Francisco Call
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
The Call heartily invites the attention of stock
men to the possibilities that lie in the use of these
grasses for reseeding the exhausted ranges and re
rcwing their capacity to carry stock. These plants
can be used where irrigation is impossible, and by
care not to overstock the range may be made lasting
and the cattle business upon it a permanency.
Another indigenous grass that is attracting atten
tion is the gramma grass, once so flourishing in Ne
vada that the Indians harvested its seeds for. grain,
as we do wheat, and giound it rudely to make a sort
cf bread. It is exceedingly nutritious, and by selec
tion is probably capable of development into a new
cereal adapted to arid situations.
The offer of the Agricultural Department to assist
in reseeding protected ranges that have been ex
hausted by use as commons gains great significance
fi om the demonstrated merits of this grass and 'the
possibility of its domestication.
The rediscover}' of its high quality has given a
fre?h impetus to the proposition to lease the. arid
rsnges, to the end that they may be seeded with buf
falo gra?s and protected against its extermination.
Dairy cows" pastur:d on this grass give most as
tonishing returns in the quantity of cream and quality
of butter. • . . -
Now, however, attention is turning back to them.
The buffalo grass, that nourished millions of those
grand animals, has nearly disappeared, without any
examination of its merits and adaptation to domesti
cation. Recently the State Agricultural College of
Kansas lias taken up this native grass and has dis
covered hs merits and peculiarities. It is found that
it propagates not by seed alone, "but the root. The
long, slender roots extend on all sides from the plant
and throw up new plants. Where the plains are not
tramped into dust by sheep, destroying these root?,
the grass spreads independently of the seed, which
explains its persistence when grazed by the buffalo.
It has been experimented with as dry hay to test its
food value for cattle, and was found superior to both
Kentucky blue grass and timothy. It survives the dry
season if the roots are not tramped, and, as cattle do
not tramp them out, is an ideal range forage. Its
seed is easily planted and germinates well.
It is said that the latter was taken into the San
Joaquin Valley by a man who is now serving a long
sentence at San. Quentin. We don't know whether
the charge against him was proved., but it is currently
reported that he was really, found guilty for intro
ducing Johnson grass. That plant is a sort of vege
table cancer. It is the graminaceous lupus. It eat3
everything and is proof against the X ray, salt, fire
and hot water. It will exterminate a vineyard and eat
up an established orchard. But nothing will eat
Johnson grass. Other exotic forage plants as useless
but not as destructive have been introduced in the
quest for something new to add to the bill of fare
of animals that split the hoof and chew the cud, but
native and useful grasses have been overlooked. -
With their domestication all experiment with our
n_tivc grasses seems to have ended, and we have at
fiictcd some parts of the country by the importation
of Bermuda grass, and have distinctly cursed other
parts by introducing the horrible Johnson grass:
It seemed to have been forgotten that many of the
indigenous grasses of this country were found in the
days of, primitive grazing to be of the highest value,
not only in the green state but for hay. The ceh
bratcd Kentucky blue grass, to which that State o.\vcs
its reputation for excellent horses and cattle, was not
a Kentucky grass at all, but grew .wild in Indian?.,
and ,\vas taken thence to Kentucky to become the
toast and boast of its adopted State. The red top
grass, so much valued in moist meadows in the
prairie States, was a wild product of the Upper Mis
sissippi Valley.
While this has been going on attention to our na
tive grasses .has subsided.
________ & j; * •'. '. ', '
1'N recent years a great deal of money has been
spent in importing and testing new. grasses, in the
hope to add to the country's; resources for forage.
A NEW GRASS
CHINESE CALENDAR— F. J. R.. City.
How far back the Chinese calendar runs
man knoweth not, for the early annals
of the Chinese empire belong to mythol
ogy rather than to history. The histori
cal period commenced with the Hal, be
gun by Tu the Great about 2300 years be
fore Christ, and the Chinese claim that
there was _ calendar similar to that of
the present date when Tu took charge.
A Chinese year contains either thirteen or
twelve months. In five successive years
there are five Intercalary months. There
Is no distinct name for each month, buc
a month has always twenty-nine or thlrtjr
days. Every year has four seasons, each
season being divided Into six periods
named chalk (joint) and khe (breath), as
follows: First chalk, first khe. second
khe, second chalk, third khe and fourth
khe. Each of these has a significance in
each season. In spring it is: Commence-,
ment of sprin_, rainwater, excited worms,
vernal equinox, pure and clear, trraja rain;
summer — commencement of .summer;
small fall, bearded grain, summer soltice,
small heat, great heat; autumn—com
mencement of autumn, gathering heat.
'white dew, autumnal equinox, cold dew,
descending of frost; winter—commence
ment of winter, small snow, great snow,
winter solstice, small cold, gTeat cold. In
the course of fifteen or sixteen days after
great cold comes the commencement of
spring. One of the rules observed by th«
imperial calendar makers Is never to a!*
low the chalk of the winter solstice to
occur either in the tenth or the twelfth
month. "When It falls very near t_e last
day of the eleventh month,, then the next
year must be an Intercalary one.
BY HOOK OR CROOK— J. VF. B.. Oak
land, Cal. There is no certainty as to
the oiisrta of the phrase. "By hock or
crook." In Marsh's Library, Dublin, there
Is a manuscript written In the seventeenth
century by Dudley Loftus, a descendant
of Adam Loftus. Archbishop Of Armagh,
in which there la: "1172. King Henry II
landed in Ireland this year on St. Luke's
eve, at a place In the bay of "Waterford.
beyond the fort of Duncannon on the
Munster side, at a place called ye Crook.
over a_t the tower of ye Hook; whence
arose the proverbe to gayne a thins by
hook or by crook, it being safe to gayne
land in one of those places when the winda
drives from the other." "Another version
Is that anciently the poor of a manor In
England were allowed to go Into tho
woods to rather deadwood. They wera
allowed to cut oft dead branches with a
billhook or to pull down by means of a
crook any dead branches that otherwise
would be above their reach. This custom
is said to antedate the landing of Kins
Henry II In Ireland.
BETWEEN RELATIVES— Cupid, C!ty.
The following Is the law of California en
the subject of marriaires between rela
tives that are void: "Marriages between
parents and children, ancestors and d*-
BCendants of every decree, and between
brothers and sisters of the half as well
as of the whole blood, and between uncle*
and nieces or aunts and nephews are ln
cestous and void frcrn the beslnning.
whether the relationship la legitimate off
Illegitimate."
COLLECTING POLL TAX-VT. V7. C.
Berkeley. Cal. Under the provisions oS
oectlon 3S46 and of section 3847 an As
sessor- or his deputy may collect poll tax
by the seizure and gale of any perso-al
property owned by the party from whom
the tax is demanded and the sale of e_c_
property for the payment of the tax may
be made after thrc? hours' verbal notice
of the time and place .
THE BRITISH FLAG— A. S.. City, ir
A's prediction on the 2d of February, 1300.
was that "the British flag would wav«
over the Boers' possessions In South
Africa within a year," and he meant all
or their possessions, he Is. out on h'3 pre
diction, but If his prediction was Utti
"the British flag would wave over t v *
Boers' possessions," then events show
that ho was right.
DATES OF DEL MONTE— TV.. City.
The Del Monte Holal. at Monterey, was
opened June 13, 1*80. The buili11r.tr wa3
destroyed by flre April 1. 13S7. It reopened
X>ecember 9. 1SS7. The first Fourth of Ju;y
ball was given there In July. 1SS0. Ther"*
Is no record that there ever was an ex
plosion In the hotel.
It la said that the largest orchard In tha
United States la the Page orchard In
Kings County. New York. Its area is
11, (M> acres. If any reader of this depart
ment knows of any larger orchard and
will advise the fact will be published.
XOT EXEMPT— Quartz Miner, Quartz,
Cal. The fact that a lesident of the Stata
of California cf poll tax age served in
the Spanish-American war and was hon
orably discharged does not exempt him
from the payment of poll tax In this Stata
r.or from the payment of county taxes.
LARGEST ORCHARDS— Inquirer. City.
FAIR'S WILL— A. B. C. Napa. CaL
The Fair will did not provide for a guard
lan for his ion Charles. The estato -was
placed In the care of trustees.
ESTATES-Subacriber, Llvermore. Cal.
For the Information desired about estates
under the Holland domain communicate
with Baron W. F. A. Gevers. Envoy Ex
traordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary
frcm The Netherlands, at Washington,
D. C.
FIVE-DOLLAR PIECE— C. A. L.. Val
ley Ford, Cal. A live-dollar piece of 1S33
13 not one of the coins foywhlch dealers
offer a premium. Coins or the denomina
tion and of that Issue may be purchased
¦from dealers for $7 50. That gives an Idea
of the market price.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
Pacific people. The cheap tickets have been sold to
San Francisco and Los Angeles with no stop*
oVcr privilege. The holder can come right through' to
this city, but he /will firid the farm lands of San Fran
cisco all taken up. The ranches on Market street and
Russian Hill are not for sale.
These tickets should have stopovers at Sacramento,
Stockton, Fresno and Bakersfield, at Modesto, Mer
ced and Tulare. More than one of the great ranches
in the Sacramento Valley is now being cut up for
sale in small tracts on favorable terms. The quality
of the soil is known and the climate is.there to speak
for itself. The parties interested arc ready to meet
these tourists and take them up the valley, but JVthey
leave the train they sacrifice their transportation to
San Francisco, which they are unwilling to do.
Desirable foothill lands can also be reached from
Sacramento, while from Stockton and other San
Joaquin Valley points the very desirable lands of that
great valley can be reached. What can be more use
ful to California than a chance to see the orange
orchards of Butte and Tulare counties; and the irri
gated lands around Fresno, Visalia, Hanford and
Lakcrsfield? Yet without stopovers these tourists can
«ee none of this. They can come to this city, ses
Chinatown and want to die, but as far as any purpose
useful to the State is concerned they might as-well
have staye'd in the March mud east' of the Missouri
River. . • • ; ,
THE -S AN- ? _fo__NCI SCO^ 'G&lAA » THUKSDiY[^M^ROHr7;
6
AUCTIO2J SALES.
By Arr.frlear. Aurtion Co.— Tuesflay, March 12, at 10 o'clock,
tOCO Tent*, etc.. et £17 Market «ire*t.
ColuKbla— "Zez_"
TMvoll- "TSTxart cf the Nile."
Or.trai— ¦Tlie -Mark Flag."
tallfomlii— "Kaust."
Orx-I 1 *' um — Vaudeville.
Grand Op»ra Iioune— "Around the World In KisMy Days."
Grand Opra-house— Srmtrirh Opera Company. March 18.
Al'-xar— "Countess Gucki."
Olympic, corner ilason and Ed&y »tre«t» — Spec!«'tle_
Oh'ute*. Zoo and Tbeater— Vaudevtllt ev«ry afternoon and
•ver.lne.
riKhrr'n— Vaudeville.
Mechanic*' Pavilion— Trained Animal Bhow.
Fxciirslon to rtak<T*n<-ld— Saturday. March 9.
California Jockey club (Oaklaiidj— Kac«a.
Tar.for:.n l'3rk— Tta'-f-s*.
_J_US___EKT_.Writlns tablets, papeterles and ream
papers. Prices all right. .Tfco latest
tints and shapes Just receh'ed. 2ini«orn.
Vail & Co.. 741 Market street. * .
An agreement has been prepared by
Alex Dijeau. secretary of the Milk Wagon
Drivers' Union, which Is to be entered
into between representatives of the Dairy
Owners' Association and the Milk "Wagon
Drivers' t T nion, local 220 of the Inter
n:ftional Union of Team Drivers. The
agreement, which will take effect after
the ratification at a Joint meeting of the
two bodies to be held on March 17. is as
follows:
First— That all men fmployed ghall be mem
bers of the Milk Waeon Drivers* Union of
America: provided, that if the union cannot
furniiih *atl*factory drivers the employers shall
have the right to engage a man outMde of the
union, that man to Join the union within thirty
days.
Second— That all milk wagon drivers shall not
receive le^s than the turn of $4) per month and
found.
Third— Where driver* do not board and lodg*
fin ranch or dairy they shall receive net Jena
than W> per month.
Fourth— All overtime to be charted at Hit
rate of 40 conta per hour.
Fifth— Milk driver* now bclnff paid more than
the union pcale shall not be reduced.
Sixth— The hours of labor fthall be as follows:
Twelve hours shall constitute a day's work,
this to epply to hnrneKsinf?. cleaning, filling of
bottle*, entering up of books, etc.
Seventh — Every driver employed shall be Riven
two days na each month.
KlKhth— In case of accident to wagon or horse.
If the driver has called attention beforehand to
necessity for repair* or care, the driver shall be
paid overtime If such accident compels him to
work loncer hour*. %
Ninth — The proprietor of any dairy shall not
retain more than two weeks' pay from any
driver, and shall pay in full within six days
of dismissal of any driver.
Owners.
It Will Be Ratified at Meeting of Lo
cal Union and Dairy
MILK WAGON DRIVERS
PREPARE AN AGREEMENT
Wants Pay for the Clothes.
Thomas McCaleb, the well-known club
man. Is the defendant in a suit brought
In the Justices court yesterday by Jules
Gamage to recover the gum of $299. Gam
age is acting for a New York tailoring
firm from which McCaleb Is alleged to
have obtained a supply of clothing, "which
Included two overcoats, several suits and
a variety of fancy vests. McCaleb, It is
further alleged, came to this coast with
out paying for the clothes although ho
had agreed to make part payment upon
their delivery and to settle the balance In
sixty days. .
Trade and the Flap.
Lincoln Hutchinson of the department
of history of the University of California
will lecture on "Trade and the Flag" at 8
o'clock Friday evening In the lecture-room
of the first floor of the Y. M. C. A. build-
Ing. - /*•
"No Chinese women," he added, "ar<;
or have been admitted through the Port
of San Francisco unless, upon credible
white and Chinese testimony, they have
been proved to bo the wives or daughters
of reputable Chinese merchants. When
these women, or some of them, arc after
ward found In houses of ill repute, the in
ference has been drawn that reputable
Chinese merchants are In the habit of sell-
Ing their wives and daughters into slav
ery. It has been developed by testimony
taken in court that some of the Chlneso
merchants of the highest social and bust
ness standing have been financially Inter
ested in the profits of houses of ill-fame."
Xo movement was made by the Federal
authorities yesterday, but it is believed
that something will be done before the
end of the week.
Chief Dunn of the Chinese Bureau said
that he would obey the Instructions of the
Secretary of the Treasury and co-operate
in the efforts to be made by the State
and Federal authorities to suppress the.
practice of buying- and selling Chinese
women as slaves.
Acting Commissioner General
Customs at San Francisco to James R, Dunn,
Inspector In charge of Chlneee Bureau, for his
information and with instructions to co-operate
an far as possible in carrying out the policy
inaugurated by the Department of Justice hav
ing for Its object the suppression of the traffic
in Chinese women for Immoral purpo5en.
F. H. LARKED,
Unless hereafter authorized by Congress
this commission will not consider claims
of any other than citizens of the United
States for damages sustained during th»
war. so that the vast aggregate of thj
claims of foreign bond holders and for
eign corporations, such as cable com
panies, steamship companies, etc., will
have to be otherwise adjusted If they
are admitted to treatment r.t all. The
French claims on account of losses sus
tained through French citizens in Cuba
by the Insurrection and the Spanish-
American war aggregate. 13,700,000 francs
and the German claims are probably 'n
excess of this amount.
In form and method of (loins business
this commission v.ill Approximate the Al
abama Claims Commission rather than
any of the international commissions tha\
have i?at In recent years.
WASHINGTON, March 6.— Ex-Senator
"William E. Chandler of New Hampshire
has been selected to be. president of the
Spanish War Claims Commission. Tli«.
other appointments wl'l soon follow and It
is intended that the commission shall get
to work as soon as possible in view of
the vast amount of work to be done.
Ex -Senator Chandler Se
lected as War Commis
sion President.
VAST CLAIMS
TO BE ADJUSTED
Carreno. the great pianist, will give
three recitals at Sherman & Clay Hall
next week, an Tuesday and Saturday aft
ernoons and Thursday evening. Seats are
now on sale at Sherman & Clay's music
store, and In spite of the many attractions
of the season excellent houses will greet
this mest popular of all woman pianists.
gomery, Mabel Hudson 'and- Querlta Vin
cent are at the Olympia this week.
The Hawaiian Quartet, Clinton Mont-
The De Keleey sisters are star favorites
at the Chutes and Zoo. The amateurs
will contribute their usual laughable bill
this evening and, with a ladies' running
race, amuse the many visitors who are
always to be found there.
Fischer's list of entertainers, and, with.
Efrry. Birdie Brlghtling and others, is
pleasing good audiences.
If the United States and Kngland should
form a:- alliance, the combined strength would
be so rreat that there would be little chance
for enemies to overcome us. In a like manner
when men and women keep up their bodily
strength with Hoptetter's Stomach Bitters,
there is little chance of attacks from disease.
The old time remedy enriches the blood, stead
ies the nerves, and Increases the appetite. Try
it for dyFpepsIa and indlgeftlon.
Proposed Alliance With England.
LA LOIE FULLER, THE FAVORITE DANSEL'SE, IN HER NEW DANCE,
"THE ARCHANGEL," IN WHICH SHE WEARS 1000 YARDS OF
WHITE JAPANESE SILK.
"William "Woenne, a piano mover, and
Charles Cooper, a colored laborer, were In
Judge Conlan's court yesterday mornlns
when the case of John Penn, a colored
man. charged with battery upon Mrs.
Harry Piper at her residence. 28 Birch
avenue, last Saturday was called. Tha
Judge's attention was called to the fact
by Piper that they were accomplices of
Penn and they were ordered Into custody.
They were booked on the charge of bat
tery and were releastd on $300 bonds each.
The cases have been continued till Sat
urday to be pet. the defendants having
demanded a trial by jury.
M rs. Piper's Assailants.
Secretary Gage of the Treasury Depart
ment is very much wrought up over the
revelations made In The Call recently con
cerning the traffic In Chinese women and
girls In this State, and particularly In San
Francisco. He has followed up his let
ter to the United States District Attorney
¦with another, a copy of which reached
Port Collector Stratton yesterday morn-
Ing. Eircllar copies were furnished Chief
Dunn of the Chinese Bureau. The letter
Is cf the date of March 1 and Is as fol
lows:
The Honorable, the Attorney General — Sir: I
have the honor to acknawledpe the receipt of
your letter of the 27th ultimo transmitting a
ccyr cf a. report to you da.ted February 18,
IKO, from the United Htates Attorney for the
y-'orUiern District of California, with a copy
of lte acec:r.pai!j-lngT lnclosure relative to the
*«.'.« at auction cf five Chinese girls for Im
moral purposes la San Francisco during Jan
uary of the current year.
It 1b noted that you hare <3!r*eted the said
attorney to take aJl ttepa possible under the
Federal law to co-operate with the authorities
of the State cf Caiilornla to punish euch of
fenses and r^event a repetition thereof.
In comrllance with your request the depart
ment will forward suitable Instructions, hav
ing- for their purpcue the (tame object as the
«.bo%-e, to the officials ctatloned at San Fran
cisco for the purpose of, enforcing the Chinese
exclusion laws.
Upon consldera.t!on it appears that the most
If not the only feasible mean* of putting &
•top to such practices is the issuance of ln-
BtructSoni by you. through the United States
Attorney, to the Marshal of said district and
tila deputies, to arrest all Fuch Chinese Rlrls
si" may be the FUbJeets of the above mentioned
ilBgTaeeful trade, upon the icrtmnd that they
are here In violation of law. in order that
their rlrht to be In the United Ftates may be
passed upon by the courts. Under the evl
«eac« whlcn would be eubmitt<»l It appears
fcl«fc!jr Improbable thn.t the courts, could be
convinced that euch persons have a rlRht to
be and remain In the United Stated. This tmg-
Kftxlon Is made, of course, eubject to your
approval. Respectfully,
L*. J. GAGE. Secretary.
TRF.AEOIT DEPARTMENT. BUREAU OF
IMMIGRATION, March 1, 1S01.— Official copy
respectfully furnished through the Collector of
Determined That Chinese
Slavery Shall Cease in
California. -
SECRETARY GAGE
ORDERS ARRESTS
Ficchtt's Tyrolean troupe still leads
week at the Orpheum. but Robert Hilliard
rnd company In "The Littlest Girl" comes
n elope s»f(ind. Others on the excellent
liill are Wilson and Warinjr. the Oris
kp.nys. Katherine Bloodpood. John le Hay,
Hard brothers and Dumond's minstrels.
• • •
JCorris & Howe's trained animal shows
nre dciiehtinj? crowde of children this
week. There are 300 clever beauts In the
Fhow. including elephants, zebras, goats,
s-ea lions, vo n * ps - monkeys, dogs. seal*,
nnt-eaters and zebus. Performances every
day at 2:30 and 8 o'clock.
• » •
Pnplnta is head of the headliners this
ON Monday *verlng next at the
Columbia Theater De Koven and
Smith's opera "The Highway
man" will lie presented for the
first time In San Francisco by the
K^w York Broadway Theater Opera Com
par.y. In addition to this most attractive
MM I^oie Fuller, the CunotU danrrr. will
!>f> seen In new srn?itional creation.". Miss
l*ull<?r hr.s not tiern soon in California -or
F'»rne time, and the favorite dancer is sure
of a warm welcome here.
The plot nf "The IliKhr/ayman" Is laid
Tn the day« of Claude Uuval. Captain
irrnrlet and other not^d '"knights of the
i".id," nnfl turns on the adventures of one
Dick Fitzporahi. who to make good his
losses nt cards becomes & highwayman.
Voxy Qul2)cr. the famous detective, is an
other character In the opera. The cast
will Include the following well-known
•irime?: Edmund Stanley. H. TV. Tree
Penlck. Mips Fatnah Diard. H. Ford,
1 leleri RaiiMlejr nr;d Addi<? Sharp.
"Zata" is in":ts last -neck at the Colum
bia Theater.
• • *
"Faust" at the California Theater is
r'.rns'.r.g laree houses. The very {rood
mus-Jcal numbers are especially attractive.
Next Sunday evening the latent New
York neeesB "The Telephone Girl," with
:he original Casino company, will be put
on for the first time here. A feature of
-.his Fhovr is the large chorus of pretty
pirls. who, however, are only one of many
attractions.
• • •
The "Wizard of the Nile" still attracts
Bt the Tivoll rnd is for another
nek. Despite? the hot weather the thea
ter has been filled nightly and the merry
• tct& has charmed all who have hoard it.
The "Wizard"' will be followed by "The
¦Wedding Day," Stange and Edwards'
i r«"tty opcra.
• • •
The "Ccuntrs*! Gucki" is playing to good
bouses at the Alcazar TheateV. and next
nreek another !>aly play, "The Last
Word," will be present/Ml.
• • •
"The Black Flag" is delighting crowded
houses at the Central Theater with its
rfTil. oM-faFhiori<w1 melodrama. Next week
"Captain Impudence." a romantic comedy
drama by Edwin Milton Iloyle, will be put
on.
• • •
Thp famous spectacle "Around the
World in Eifrhty Days" is doing good busl
ref? at Morocco's this week. The pale of
peats for the season of Scmbrich and her
prand opera company has now bepun. The
s=alP for Fiiiplo poats v.ill bepin next
Wednesday, the 13th. ScmbrJch's reper
toire will include "The narber of Seville,"
"RijroloUo." "Faust." "Lucia," "Den Pes-
Qualc," "l'agiiaeci" and "La Traviata."
Opera Will Be Presented by Broadway Theater Company
for the First Time in San Francisco — "Faust:' at Cali
fornia Is Pleasing Large Audiences Every Evening
Consul General TInoco has received a
copy of Minister Calvo's report. In call
ing attention to it he thinks that the
prime purpose rtf showinsr" that the Costa
Rican coffee Is not as widely known under
Its own name as it ousht to be Is likely
to be subserved.
Costa Rican coffee,' when passing Into third
hands, is sold under the denomination of
Java or Mocha, Its resemblance to these pro
ducts belne evident. While this is considered
to be flatterinp- to the Costa Ricani-. it is to
the Intrresj of Costa Rlea that its coffee should
be known undrf Its proper name to the gen
eral public and particularly to the consumers.
Just as It Is known to. the Importers and tho
general wholesale coffee merchants.
Mr. TInoco referred yesterday to the
report of J. : B. Calvo. Minister for Costa
Rica nt Washington, which has Just been
published In English by the Bureau of tho
American Republics, for figures. Minister
Calvo writes:
Consul General Joseph M. TInoco of
Costa Rica, residing in this city, chargc3
that certain unscrupulous dealers are
taking advantage of the similarity of
Mocha and Costa Rican coffees to charge
consumers a higher "irice for the Central
American product. In his opinion the puo
llc needs instructions concerning coffee.
During the last four vears the world's
consumption has Increased at the rats of
about 1,000,000 bags per annum. In twenty
five years the world's demand for coffee
has just about doubled.
ing by Reason of the
; False Labels on ,
Products.
¦ 4
Costa Bica, Like California, Is Suffer-
Consul General Complains
of Misrepresentation
by Dealers. -
COFFEE FRAUDS
CONCERN TINOCO
Throe new companies nro to be Started
in Glenn County, bo that there will be
nine companies In existence in the county
poon. Those already organized are the
following: Glenn County Coal and Oil
Company, the (Sreat Northern Oil Com
pany, the Priscoe Oil and v Mineral Com
pany, the St. John Development Com
pany, the Grapevine Oil and Coal Com
pany and the Sehorn Oil and Development
Company. Two compnnies are doing de
velopment work in Glenn County,
I^nst week, the Ailin Arcus sayn, It was
reported that oil. had been struck In Stone Coal
Valley, of thlB county. The Odarvllle Record
also says th»t there are indications of oil at
many pieces In Surprise Valley, as the sur
face qf the water in Several springs there la
covered with oil. On the ranch of John 1J.
Liinderman these sprlnps exist in abundance,
while there are eevfral of a like ria'.uro on
the land between Middle and Upper Lakea.
about eight miles from Cedarville.. If those
rumorn prove truo, Modoc may enjoy an oil
boom In the future, as there is no reason why
oil may not be found In this part of the State,
if people only go. to the trouble of boring for
It. We have been Informed that when sprlnjr
opens Gilcher Bros., or Surprise Valley, are
planning to bring; their boring machine, over to
this elelo of the mountains and prospect along
the foothills cast of Alturas for oil. Those
who are versed In Reolosry claim that both oil
and coal should bo found in Modoc if the
proper search is made for them.
Many outsiders have visited Randsburg
recently because of the rumors of the
discovery of favorable Indications for oil
In Black Canyon. The Randsburg Miner
says that the place Is south of Pilot Knob
and between the Kno,b and the railroad.
Randsburg and Johannesburg are not the
nearest points, but as those are the only
places where teams can be supplied alii
visitors go to those places. The visitors
are from Bakersficld, Los Angeles and
other oil centers.
Drilling is about to begin on Newell
Creek. Santa Cruz County, about two
miles from Ben Iiomond station.
The oil excitement has now extended as
far north in California as Modoc County.
The Alturas New Era has the following:
The essence of the recent happenings In
Inyo County, according to the Inyo Reg
ister, is that a Bakersfleld man has found
what he supposes to be good indications
on the tablelands north of Bishop, and
that the survey of supposed oil lands
south of Owens Lake Is nearlng comple
tion. The tract comprises 11,000 acres.
According to the Oroville. Register a
well is down nearly 300 feet on the Wlckes
ranch, but a hard formation has been en
countered and progress Is therefore slow.
The Watsonville Oil Company has re
fused, so pays th« CJIlroy Ad%'ocate. to ac
cept an offer to bond Its land for $300,000.
The Paso Robles Independent is author
ity for the statement that a Seattle capi
talist has arranged to drill on the Nacl
mlento ranch, rear Paso nobles.
The yield of the Fullerton field In Feb
ruary amounted to 53,000 barrels, which
was a gain of 2500 barrels over the Janu
ary output. Within the npxt ninety days
nine companies willput new wells on the
pump, and the oredlctlon Is made locally
that the ofttput will be increased to 65,000
barrels per month.
The Bakersfleld Galifornian learns that
the Standard Oil Company will not go into
the field in Kern County to offer an nr
bitrnry price for oil. It will ask for sealed
proposals from producers and will, of
course, accept the lowest bids.
The claim is made that the Kern River
district has In view a market for 200
carloads of its oily products daily. The
Balw-rsfleld California!! says that thcra
would be no difficulty in disposing of that
amount of oil daily, but it cannot be de
livered on account of the shortase in the
supply of tank cars.
If the excursion to the oil fields of Kern
County from this city next Saturday
proves to he a j,ucccjs l>,ere is a probabil
ity that there v.Mll be several others.
Trains will run from Bakersfleld to the
Kern River fields and to the McKittrick
district for the accommodation of the ex
cursionists.
A story Is told by Southern California
newspapers to show how money has com*»,
unsought, to some persons who have hap
pened to own oil land?. The story applies
particularly to Mr. Whlttlger of Santa
Paula. Ho has been engaged for some
years In ranching and divided his time ba
tween the care of a vineyard and an or
ange orchard, lie harrowed his ground
abundantly and kept It looking- well. Only
there was a place that could not work.
That was a black, sliniy pool at the crest
of a hill. He covered it with virgin soil
several times, but the slime would seea
through In spite of nil that he could Ao.
In rainy weather a slimy scum would be
carried down toward his. hpuse. When the
oil boom struck Santa Paula oH mnn,
looking for signs of oil In all directions,
visited the Whlttiger place, saw his slimy
pool and at once declared thfct he had In
the pool an excellent indication of an
abundant supply of petroleum. Many cf
fers to buy the ranch were made after
that, but Whittiger rt- fused to sell, lie
aJso declared that he would not dri'.l for.
oil nor would ho hire any one to drill fov*
him. The orchard 'bu.^iness*- so he said,
was good enough for him. But Whlttlger
finally concluded that he would dig: down
sufficiently to pipe the oil off. He is get
ting several •barrels of oil a. day by this
crude arrangement and. It Is understood,
he can get a large price for his land
whenever he will sell 11.
.Some of the papers of this State are
taking up the fake sales that are going
on. Shares have been marketed at prices
that were absurd. One" company that wa3
selling shares at 1 cent each in Los An
geles was selling the same In San t'ran
cisco at nearly 300 per cent advance on
that at the same time. The fact is that
there are companies that need looking
Into. Fortunes have be<:n made in oil in
vestments In California In the last ye-ir
and many more fortunes will unquestion
ably-be made here in the near future. But
every Investor should take ordinary car-*,
at least, to find out what he Is paying nis
money out for, unless he considers that
-he is gambling. In which case no warning
applies. Where there are so many prom •
lslns localities there la no necessity for
faking. Such work hurt? the business in
the eyes of moneyed mon and does more
harm to a legitimate Industry than can
be remedied in a long time.
Prospectors Are Continually Extend
ing the Field of Their Activity.
All Northern Counties
Are Excited.
Queer Story of a Petroleum
Spring in Southern
California.
WEALTH WITHIN
REACH UNTOUCHED
LA LOE FULLER WILL APPEAR
IN "HIGHWAYMAN" AT COLUMBIA
THB< SAN FRANCISCO CALL^fTHURSDAYv vMARCH r 7,? 1901; n'^
7
DO YOU
WANT TO IMPROVE YOUR
LIBRARY?
Call at The Call office and
examine Cram's Atlas of the
World, 1901 edition. By sub
scribing for The Daily Call for
six months you can secure a
copy of this excellent work of
reference for SI. 50, or about
one-fifth the actual subscrip
tion price. The premium is
only offered to readers of The
Call. It will b » '.;o your inter
est to* subscribe for The Call at
once.
ADVERTISEMENTS
Only they who use it
know the luxury of it.
Pears' is the purest and
best toilet soap in all the
world.
VIN MARIANI
World Famous Mariani Tonic
A restorer of the Vital Forces. Vin
Mariani is a perfectly safe and reliable
diffusive tonic and stimulant; it gives
strength and vigor to body, brain and
All Dresgists. Refuse Substitutes.
The Dabney Oil Company
OF McKITTRICK (Incorporated 1 ,
Has Opened Cf.lces in This City at 330 Pine Street; Rooms 5 and 6. '
The Dabney Oil Company has now Ten Producing Wells. Wili complete
) ' two more this month and two in March.
Will Pay a Dividend April 1st.
owns the famous DABNEY GUSHERI
IS SELLING OIL IN CARLOAD LOTS. v
/. Offers a Limited Number of Shares of Its Stock at
— — ONE DOLLAR PER SHARE!
/* Gilt-Edged Investment.
Will pay not less than I per cent per month in dividends on and after April ;
• I. iqoi. Can you dp better?
CflLL OR ADDRESS
DABNEY OIL COMPANY, 330 Pine Street,
Roo/n s. '
Tor information and terms for OIL IN CARLOAD LOTS, apply at the office.
AMUSEMENTS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Directory
¦mvlmi
Reputable
Companies:
California Fortune Oil Co*
SO acres Sunset, 80 acres McKlttrtck, 320 acres
in Coalinga. Now drilling In Sunset. Limited
amount of Btock'at 50c. Information and pros-
pectus furnished on application to E. DEN-
ICKE. Secretary, room 614 Parrott bldgr. S. F.
COLUSA
CONSOLIDATED
OIL and REFINING
GOMF»/YINY
Own* 4414 acres 8 miles west of Arbuckle,
Colusa County, In the heart of the oil district
Parafflne base oil. Limited amount of stock
*t 25c; will be advanced March 8 to 50c; 30.000
shares told in 10 days.. Information and pros-
pectus furnished. Office
630 MARKET ST., San Francisco.
COMMONWEALTH OIL COMPANY.
Lands in heart of Kern River Dlst.; owns 320
acres; 100,000 i-hares capital stock; limited
amount of treasury stock for sale at TS centn.
Write or call for information and pr-wpectua.
CHAR. CONKIJN, Sec. Genl. office. 6G7 Market.
EL MEDIA OIL CO.
LANDS AT McKlTTRICK.~
STOCK 25 CENTS.
But small block at this price. Com-
pany has no debts; money in the treas-
ury and will soon commence drilling.
Prospectus and information furnished
on application.
EL MEDIA OIL CO.,
Safe Deposit Building, 328 Montgomer}'
street, San Francisco, Cal. r
Famoso Oil & Investment Co
LANDS, IN KERN RIVER DISTRICT.
Oil absolutely sure; heart of producing sec-
tion. Drilling; be in oil rands In 15 days.
Small amount treasury stock. 60c. Write for
prospectus or call. 333 Parrott bids;., B. F.
Investors' Assured Stock
In a company owning producing well.
* 20c Per Share.
¦Write or call for Information.
OCCIDENTAL OIL CO.. 471 Parrott Building.
JU ANITA OIL CO.
U0O acres in McKlttrlek: drilling 2 wells. 5
contracted for; 100,000 shares selling at Be; non-
assessable. Price 10c March 15. Asphaltum for
sak by contract. Prospectus and maps fur-
nished by W. M. RICHARDS, Vice President,
538 Market st.. San Francisco.
NAPA AND BERRYESSA VALLEY OIL
COMPANY— Controls 1000 acres of U. 8, patent-
ed land in Napa County where the finest lubri-
cating oil in California la found; stock at 20
centn: prospectus furnished. STO and 671 Parrott
building. San Francisco.
SAUNAS OIL AKDDEYEUPMENT CO.
18S0 ACRES IN MONTEREY COUNTY.
"Well down 300 feet: small amount of treasury
stock at 'ific per share. 1 Prospectus and map
and information on application. J. B.' OLSEN,
Secretary. Hi Parrott building. San Francisco.
SILVER STAR OIL CO.
Lands in heart of McKlttrtck District, ad-
joining large producing wells. • Small block of
stock for sale. Prospectus and information fur-
nished at room 60S Safe Deposit Building, 328
Montgomery et. ' .- ¦ ¦
THE WELLINGTON
¦ OF SUNSET— PROVEN OIL LAND.
Controls 440 acres. Are drilling. Some stock
Is being sold at 60c per share. Information and
prospectus furnished on application. Ko. 3,
Second Floor. Mills Building, Ban Francisco.
'' sES3EB ft fftt n m oj*
ssesc hiaoTc&ie
Hosmvely cored t&tZMfO
little Pills.
. They also rvlieve Distress from Dytpapfc,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. A per-
fect raxady for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowal>
ness, Bad Taste to tbe Mouth, Coated Tongas
Pain In the Side, TORPID UVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. /
dtnatt PHI. Small Dose*
SmafS PjIgq*'
Consult me before purchasing stock and I will
put you
RIGHT.
JAS. R. T. MERSBON,
637, 538, 539, 550 ParPOtt Building,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
Member of San Francisco Oil Exchange.
Tickers from both Oil Exchanges In my office.
KERN RIVER OIL LANDS
Proven territory, on line of railroad, far
tale. Splendid chance for those about to
fcrm an oil ccrnpany. NEWTON. CAR-
MEN tc SOMES <S. C. MASON, tjeat),
101 Chronicle bid;;.. Ban Francisco.
J§ &mm[ sk loSmk H t- Bv tSk
a* SW&SW wL -9B m BBVWBBmTilBBSM
*d tJW*LJ jjlijmi t£jF_jr? eji i^j 4KfJ
J Q H r«--8 RjTXl firu 5^3 Ira m
I ¦* \J Estl Bse^S fcfa rsSa ra K23ai S3
a . JA Bja pV?5 Km li tr~ £&
D A I A P C These hotels pos-
I ALnUL sess the attribute*
, that tourists and
Onfl travelers appreciate
UIIU —central location.
RRANn liberal manage-
UllnlvU ment, modern ap-
j|rt"rpi A pointments and
I.UI&.LUJ Arncrican and Eu .
San Francisco, roptan plans.
AMUSEMENTS.
IF YOU ARE ANXIHUS TO STRIKE
ARRANGE TO GO ON THE
EXCURSION
TO
BAKERSF1ELD,
Which Will Be Given by the
SOUTHERN PACIFIC
SATURDAY, March 9,
In Special Train of Pullman Sleeping Cars
and Day Coaches.
* ROUND Ctn SLEEPING
TRIP. «J> ¦ " CAR EXTRA.
Tbe train will leave San Francisco at 7 p.
m.. reaching Rakersfleld early Sunday morn-
Ing. All day Sunday In the lamous oil fields
oi Oil City, McKlttrlek and elsewhere. Return
to San Francisco Monday morning-. Buffet
uervlce on Pullman ears.
The excursion will be in charge of Win. H.
Menton, Excursion Passenger Agent, and he
will give you nil particulars. Call on or ad-
drens him at 613 Market street.
CHUTES^ano ZOO
SPECIAL
TO-NIGHT!
TBE AMATEURS
IN
SPECIALTIES
And the Comic Feature— A v." 1 : ?"-¦:-•
LADIES' RUNNING RACE.
Telephone for Seats— Park 2S.
MECHANICS^ PAVILION
...TO-DAY...
AND EVERY DAY THIS WEEK
Performances at 2:20 and S p. m. Dally.
NORRIS & ROWE'S
BIG TRAINED ANIMAL SHOWS.
"The more I see of dog the less I think of
man."— Dr. Johnson.
300-PERFORMINO ANIMALS-MO.
The Greatest Aggregation of Educated Animals
In the World.
Elephants. Zebras, Goats. Sea Lions, Ponies,
Monkeys, Dogs, Ant Eaters and Zebus.
First Time In This City of Mr. Winston and
His Wonderful School of EDUCATED SEALS,
the Moat Marvelous Animal Act In the World.
HERR SETTLER, the Famous German Animal
Trainer, and His Small Clown Elephant.
Seat sale opens at Pavilion To-day at 10 a. m.
PRICES— ADULTS. 25c: CHILDREN. 10c
Phone South 730.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
1900— WINTER J M E ETING— 190L
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday. Wednesday. Thurs*
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine.
Five or more races each day. -
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave Sen Francisco itUo. and
12:30, 1. 1:30. 2, 2:30 and S p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at * the entrance to the
track. Last two cars en train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoklnc. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mote connect with San Pablo avenue
electric cars at Seventh and; Broadway. Oak-
land. . Also all trains via Alameda mole con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
ana Broadway, Oakland. These electric can
go direct to the track In fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:1$ and
4:45 p. m. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. --,-¦-.¦
SEAT SALE FOR TERESA
CARRENO
Begins at Sherman, Clay " & Co.'s THIS
MORNING at 9 o'clock. .
UOLUmJSlA IBUmiQ THEATRE
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATCRDAT.
Only Appearances Hers of
MRS.
LESLIE GARTER
After H«r London Triumph.
As Z/\ZJ\ »n
DAVID BELASCO'S PLAT.
SEATS s^ TO-DAY
LA LOIE FULLER,
THE WORLD-S GREATEST DANCER.
And First Presentation In This City of
r -DE KOVBN and SMITH'S
Greatest Opera.
"THE HIGHWAYMAN."
First Performance MONDAY. March 11.
QRAND' OPEI3A MOUSE
MATINEE3 8ATURDAT AND SUNDAY.
THIS EVENING.
Macniflcent Revival of tbe Famous Spectacle,
AROUND THE WORLD
IN EIGHTY DAYS.
Introduces the ELEPHANT PRINCESS.
Splendid Cast, Bcenery and EfTects.
PRICES 10c, 13c. TjC. SOo
Few Front Rows In Orchestra. 75c.
GOOD RESERVED SEAT
IN ORCHESTRA AT ALL. MATINEES. 25c.
Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
SEMBRICH.
FIRST APPEARANCE IN SAN FRANCISCO.
SEMBRICH OPERA COMPANY,
Direction of C. L* GRAFF.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
COMMENCING MARCH 18TH.
Two weeks, with nerformanccs on Monday
and Wednesday evenings and Saturday after-
noons.
; Repertoire — "Barber of Seville." "Rlsoletto."
I "Don Paeqnale," "La Traviata.'* "Pagllacd."
i "Faust." "Lucia," etc.
Subscription «eats. six performances, no rep«-
tltlons— Orchestra and two front rows of Dress
Circle. $25: balance of Dress Circle and back
rows of Orchestra. ?15; front rows of Family
Circle. $10; slnKle-ntght seats. *5. $3. J2. $1 50;
GaMery, unreserved, $1. Season sale now open
tit box office; single-night sale begins Wednes>
day next. Applications for boxes ghouM be
made at once to Mr. Alfred Bouvier. Grand
Opera-house.
EVERT EVENING THIS WEEK.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
LETVIS MORRISON'S Magnificent Produc-
tion of
"FAUST."
Everything New — Company and Production Di-
rect from New York.
Next— Sunday Eve, March 10, first time In
this city, the bis popular New York Casino
success — 40 people — 40.
"THE TELEPHONE GIRL."
EVE— 25c. »3e. 60c. 73e. Jl. Mat-23c, 80c. 73c.
SEATS NOW READY.
A BILL OP ATTRACTIVE NOVELTIES.
papTnta.
WILSON AND WARING. THE ORISKANT3.
KATHERINE BLOODGOOD. JOHN LB
HAT. BARD BROTHERS. DUMONiy9
MINSTRELS. THE BIOGRAPH.
LAST WEEK OF
ROBERT HILLIARD AND CO.
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday.
*TIVQL1*
EVENINGS AT 8. MATINEE SATCRDAT
AT 2.
"THAT'S ONE THINO A WIZARD CAN DO"
-CROWD THE HOUSE NIGHTLY.
WIZARD
% B NILE!
Coming— "THE_WEDDING DAY."
POPULAR PRICES 25c and 50a
• Telephone — Bush, 1.
Phong South 8J3
To-n!«:ht and Every Evenlr.s Thl« "Week,
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
THE
BLACK FLAG
Th« Greatest Convict Play Ever Written.
Tn« ThrllHnir Escape from Portland Prison.
A Big Scenic Production.
Startling Mechanical Effects.
DDirCC I Evenings 10c, 15c. Me, SOo
rlflvCJ | Matinees..-. lOe. 15c. 25o
' NEXT MONDAT— The Patriotic Drama,
"CAPTAIN. IMPUDENCE."
LAST FOUR NIGHTS. | •.",'*
Ausustln Daly's Comedy.
Countess Gucki
JL PLAT OV SCENIC AND COSTUMB
SPLENDOR. :
MATINEES* SATURDAY AND STEIDAY.
NEXT WEEK
"THB LAST WORD."
' THE SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY CLUB,
TANFOIIAN PARS.
QonM— '""¦ Racier. Beglnuinc Monday, F«br>
ary 11. 1901.
SIX OR MORE RACES EACH WEEK DAY.
Blx Staka Events. Three Hurdto Races and Blx
> Steeplechases.
FIRST RACK OF THE DAY AT 1:10 P. M.
Trains leav* Third and Townsend streets tot
Tanforan Park at 7. 10:49. 11:30 a. m.. 12:40. L
1:30 anfl J p. m. Trains leav* Tanforaa Park
(or San Francisco at 4:15 p. m.. followed a!ter
the last race at Intervals of a few minutes by
several specials. Feats In rear cars reserved for
lad Us and their escorts. Admission to course,
including railroad fare. SI 25.
MILTON 8. LATHAM. Secretary.
EDWARD POWERS. Racine Secretary.
P|OplipD»C CONCERT HOUSE.
nbtntn O Admission 10c.
Flechtl's Tyrolean Troupe. E«ry. BtrdU
Brishtllr.jy. McSorley and Whitney, tha Loons.
L. A. Cover and Htnrlchs* Orchestra. Reserved
Seats. 23c. Matinee Sunday.
Weekly Call, $1 per TearSterling Exchange. 60 days...... — t %K $5%
Sterling Exchange, eight — 4 88%
Sterling Cables — 4 89%
New York Exchange, sight ' — 12^
New York Kxchange, telegraphic — 15
Silver, per ounce — t>Hi
Mexican Dollars, nominal........ BO Q 61
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW TORK. March 6.— FLOUR— Receipts.
12.3S8 barrel*; exports, 10,131 barrels. Dull but
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 51,300 bushels: exports,
! 93,265 bufhels. ' Spot, dull n<it firm: No. 2 red
! ROVic f. o. b. afloat; No. 2 red, 73c elevator; No'
1 Northern Dulutli, 87*ic f. o. b. afloat • No 1
hard Duluth, SIHc f. o. b. afloat.
Options opened firm on better English cables
I and cold weather In the wheat belt, the latter
threatening the crop, which In many places is'
rejwted to lack the protection of pnow. I>ater
business became dull, and prices a little easier,
but asrain the market rallied on reports or Hes
sian fly in the wheat belt. Closed net unchanged
to %c hlcher. March closed 79'4c: May 73Si0.
I KOHc, closed 79%c; July, 79 5-16@7S%c, closed
; 79>ic
HOrS— Quiet.
HIDES— Steady.
WOOLr-Dull.
SUGAR— Raw, steady but dull; fair refining
3 s 4c; centrifugal. % test, 4Vtc; molasses sugar'
2%c. Kenned dull. '
1 tT^FEK-Spot Rio. quiet: No. 7 invoice. 7Uc
j mild, steady: Cordova, Sigl2Hc. Futures closed
I steady with prices net 5 points lower to 5 points
I higher. Total saloa. 29,000 bags, Including
j March. 6.10c: May. 6.:0®6.25c; June, 6.25c; July
I fi.?rwg6.35o; September, 6.3306.40c: October, 6.40ifj>
1 fi.45c; November. 6.50c; December, 6.60c; Janu-
J ary. fi.fSr. ¦ ,
I BUTTER— Receipts, 6062 packages. Steady;
freph creamery, 17Q22C; June creamery, 15S20c*
I factory, ll@15c.
j EGOS— Receipts, 10.600 packages;. firm; West
j ern-at mark. 13*i@16c; Southern at mark, 15@
I H'.iC. - - . .
DRIED FRUITS.
A fairly active i-ale movement was noted In
thf- market for evaporated apples. The close
ivas steady with common quoted at 3%S?4»ic;
prime* 49»fff5e; choice. b\i<@Kc; fancy. §<Q~c.
1 California dried fruits were Inactive. Prunes,
There was quite' a lively business on the
morning session of the Bond Exchange, though
sales were generally small. Honokaa declined
to 132 75, Paauhau to $33 S"4 and Spring Val
ley Water to $91. There were sales Of Oceanic
at 157 EO@56.
In the afternoon there was continued ac
tivity In Oceanic at K63&. and business on the
whole was ratlsfactory.
There was a continued good business In the
oil stocks, with a decline In Monarch of Ari
zona to 62c and .".Re, seller 90, and a drop in
California-Standard to 47c.
There was nothing new in the afternoon,
The Belcher. Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 10c ami the Gould and Curry
one of 10c.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
WEDNESDAY, March 6—2 p. m.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask.; Did. Ask.
4s coupon ....114 114*i 4s cp (new).... 138 1384
4s reg* 113 U3%'3s coup Ill 112
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS
Bay CPC5S.10J-- S V Water 6s. 112%; —
Cal-st Cab 5S..116V4 — Stkn G & E 6al00 —
C C Water 5s.lO8H — OGL4H 53.113 —
E L & P 6s....l2SV»134 Oak Tr Co 6S.U7& —
F & Cl Ry 6s.ll2Va — Oak W Co 5s ; — 1004
Genry-st R 5a — — Oceanic SS Ss.lOS^lC*;^
Haw C 5%s...lOS^i — . Om C R 6»...1J3 123^
Haw C Gs 105'j — Pac G Imp 4s. — 10OU
L A R R 5S..11U4 — Pk & Cl R «s.lO5 — '
L A L Co 6s.. — — Pk & O R 6s. — —
Do gntd 6s.. -- 104 Powell-st R 6sl20 —
Do gntd 5s. .100 — iS E G & R 5s — 984
L A P R R 53.101%1024 S F & SJV 5S.120U —
Markt-st C 6s. — 12S S R of Cal 6s. 110 —
Do 1st C 5s.l2O»il21 S P R of A «sll2 113
N C N G R 7s. — 113V4 S P C 6s (1905
N R of Cal 6s — 114* 4 Series A) ...110H —
N R of Cal 5s.l20Vi — Do(Serles B)110-Si —
N P C R R 5sl01>4 — * Do (1906) ... — 1134
fJPCRR 69.103U — Do (1912) ...122% —
N C R R 5s.. — 112 S P C 1st g 6S.IO64 —
S V Water 4s. — 104 8 P Br R «s.l32 —
Do 3d mtg..lO2',i —
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — C9H| Spring: Valley. 90 —
Martn County. 534 — |
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent L & P... 3 4 Pac Lt Co ... 43 45
Kquit Gas ... 3*i 3% Sac K G <t R — 40
Mut Elec Lt.. — S»i S F O & E.. 47H —
O G L & H.. 50 — San Francisco. 4H 4\b
Pac Gas Imp. 44 45 Stktn G & E. — 11
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem'a FundCT 250 |
1 . BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal .... 77 — Lon P & A. ...145 —
Bank of Cal..409U«l Mex Ex (llq).. 1« —
Cal Safe Dep.105% — S F National — 125
1st N of S F. — 312% '
SAVINGS BANKS.
German — 1850 Sav & Loan .. — — '
Humboldt .... — — Security 273 —
Mutual 50 -7- Union Trust .. — —
S F Sav U 515 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfornta-st .— 140 |O 6 L * H.. 10 —
Geary-st 474— Presidio 2S —
Market-st 89% — '
'POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con ...84 83 lVlgorlt — ZM
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan ... 8 84 Kllauea 23V4 —
Haw Com .... 834 8* Makawell 434 —
Honokaa 32% 33 Onomea 29% 30
Hutch S P ... 23 — Paauhau 33»; —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska P A...mH123»4 I Oceanle SS Co 54»i 554
Cal Fruit Can. 97*1004 P«c A F A... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Bor Co.155 —
Mer Ex Assn. 1024 — I P»r Paint Co. 124 —
Morning Session.
Board —
$«000 Bay Counties Power Co Es 102 73
$?000 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 103 00
10 California Wine Association M0 00
40 Contra Costa Water $3 25
75 Kqultable Gas 33714
75 Hana Plantation Co .- 8 00
25 Hana Plantation Co g utj
25 Honokaa Sugar Co 3300
New York Stock Market.
XEW TORK. March C— The character of to
ds y'e stock market was very similar 'to that
of yesterday. Absorption of railroad stocks
of a high grade by buyers of abundant re
sources and of a substantial kind went on
side by ride with wide fluctuations In some of
the highly speculative specialties. So far as
the railroad department was concerned, ac
tivity was Fhifted to some extent from those
stocks which were most prominent yesterday.
A notable feature of the market was that It
did not really respond v.Ith unanimity at any
time to the strength shown by invldiual Etocks.
Also in those stocks which did advance the
strength ivae not simultaneous. Apparently
the demand for one stock would be largely
satisfied before buying was taken up in an
othfi. During the latter part of the day there
v.as abundant evidence of large prefit-takir.g.
Stocks which had been strong early in the
day fe'l back materially and many usually
prominent stocks which were not notably ac
tive to-day were allowed to fell back below
last night's level. Nevertheless the day's gains
are very urikirg. both by reason cf tho char
acter of the stocks affected and the amount
of transaction* and the extent of the gains
in them Yesterday's late movement in Bur
lington was cortlnuod at the outset this morn
ing, and the stock was carried up 2-V, to 150&
u recor-l price. The rtrcngth of the stock was
due to the fact that large competing railroad
interests are admittedly buying the stock, pro
fessedly for Investment, but according to tne
Wall street Interpretation with a i>ossible view
to consolidation or. at all events, to the exten
flon of a community of Interests. Union Pa
cific. Northern Pacific and Pennsylvania were
all raid to be interested in the buying. The
Baltimore and Ohio stocks continued to show
conspicuous strength, th»» common advancing
3 and the preferred 2»«. There was also a
striking movement in- Atchlscn preferred,
which carried it up 3 points. The common
stocks of this road. Union Pacific, South
ern Pacific and Louisville and Nashville were
also very strong. The later movement of the
I day had some apr»aranc: of manipulation for
the purpose of .sustaining the market while
profit-taking uas in progress elsewhere. The
reactionary movement took a point or moie
from the best price of many of the etocks.
There was a long list of Etocks of smaller
railroads which were moved up all the way
from a point to 2%. Long Island rose S',4 on
light transactions and closed v.-ith a net gain
cf 6*4. Among the industrials. Amalgamated
Copper and Sugar claimed the largest share of
attention. The former opened down 1?* on re
ports of a renewal of antagonistic measures 111
Montana. It was etrongly supported and
rallied 2»i at one time, but In the late deal-
Ings It broke below 101 and closed with a net
loss of 2' 4 - Sugar was forced under last night's
pric» for only a brief period, and after varied
nuctuations closed with a net gain of ]%. The
steel stocks continued much neglected and
heavy in tone.
The railroad bond market continues active
and prices generally higher. Total sales, 15,-
CSO.O-Xi.
I'nltod States 3s registered declined >4 per
cent on the la*t call.
NEW YORK STOCK LIST. |
Shares Closing I
sold. Stork. hid. '
16.100 Atchison ;ssi •
109.400 Atchison *>refd 91?- I
3i,VJ0 Baltimore & Ohio'. 54^ !
Canadian Pacific 90*4 ]
1.70* Canada Fouthern , , -6*;
S.r,00 Chesapeake & Ohio 4314
2W Chicago Great Western Wii
95.2f>0 Chicago. Burlington & Quinoy 345U
2.C0Q Chicago. Ind fc Louisville 32
1.000 Chicago. Ind & Louisville prefd 71V4
l«0 Chicago & Eastern Illinois 106%
4CQ Chicago & Northwestern 1724
21.SfO Chicago, i Rook Island & Pacific IZhVi
400 C C C & St Louis ¦ 75'i
2.200 Colorado Southern J>' 4
l,o«) Colorado Southern 1st prefd...... 44^
S«) Colorado Southern Id prsfd lS'j
3.?00 Delaf.are & Hudson ]8«i'.-i
1.000 Delaware, Lack &• Western 193H
400 Denver & Rio Grande 3}^
F.00 Denver & Rio Grande prefd R7U
7.200 Erie 21U
14.200 Erie 1st prefd C6
3.200 Great Northern prefd 19S
200 Hocking Coal l5J.i
3.700 Hocking Valley f,o
S.oro Illinois Central 131V^
1.200 Iowa Central 27
ftOO Iowa Central prefd £3%
'... L*ke Erie & Western 41
Lake Erie & Western prerd Ill
Lake P^ore 210H
F.3.400 Louisville A Nashville 94%
10,400 Manhattan Elevated n<!
4.K-0 Metropolitan Street Railway 1«2H
WO Mexican Central ' 17s;
1.400 Minneapolis & Pt Louis 77<4
1 7.V-0 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd 10<ij
2.200 Missouri Pnrlflv 90V
. 2.400. Mobile & Ohio Rl "
14,*"0 Missouri. Kansas ft Texas.; 2ft»*
300 Missouri. Kansas & Texan prefd 54 V,
7.400 New Jersey Central I5. r ( v,
16,600 'New York Central 144V,
1.200 Norfolk ft Western \ 4SH
19.100 Norfolk A Western prefd 74
2.500 Northern PaHflc ....-S414
S.2C0 Northern Pacific prefd S7%
Ontario & Western 341,^
Oregon Railroad & Navigation 42
Ore-iron Railroad & Nav prefd 7S
41.W0 Pennsylvania ir-2*;
H.300 needing 32\
12.1M) Ifeadlng 1st prefd 71
5.:00 Reading 2ft prefd 47\4
Rio Grsnde Western C3
...:... Klo Grande Western prefd 91
1.W0 St I^ouls &. San Francisco sst^
sno St Loul* * Pan Fran l«t prefd P2V t
4.600 8t i/ouls A- Pan Fran 2d prefd «:>»,
2.2TO St Louis. Southwestern 2S',4,
S.»i) Kt Louis. Southwestern prefd f.sv,
11.100 Pt Paul 152*^
1.200 St Pnul prefd 1931,4
Rt Perul * Omaha I2i
17.W0 Southern Parlflc 45*4
il.~W Southern Hallway ...'.... 24*i
11.W0 Southern Railway prefd -¦»
l.:,no Texas * Pacific ;s;t^
S2.SO0 I'nion Pacific »2%
s.Tfio I'nlon Pacific prefd «:>»<,
5.?no Wahash , 17*1
7«V) Wi»hn*h nrefd .V. .....:... 3m
S.swvi Wheeitnc A I^aVe Trie H^
2.w» WheMtng & Lake nrte 2d prefd.... Til
?ffl W(««yin.«'n Central 101^
200 Third Avenue ...: 113
11.KO0 Baltimore * Ohio prefd M14
2.<VW> Xatlnna] ToSe ; , .7*74
400 National Tube prcfu .....,,.„ 10314
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— May. July.
Opening .1 5 ll»i 5 00
Closing 5 llTs 6 11
FAR1S.
Wheat— March. May-Aug.
Opening 18 95 19 S3
Closing IS 95 19 80
Flour —
Opening 24 25 . 25 45
Closins 24 10 25 35.
Boston Wool Market
BOSTON, March C. — The American Wocl and
Cotton Reporter will say to-morrow:
"There is as yet no substantial Improvement
to be noted in the wool market except that
dealers are disposed to exercise a little more
discretion In selling, although there is still
more or less pressure to liquidate and wool has
been sold at lower prices the past week than at
any time since the downward movement began.
A large line of territory which was carried as
collateral has been parted with at a clean cost
of 35® 36c, which Is the lowest level touched for
that class of wool. A portion of the same
wools were sold two weeks previously at a clean
cost of 42c. A number of- holders, not pleased
with the amount of stock on hand and a new
clip of 300,000 pounds close In sight, are natur
ally desirous of cleaning out their stocks and
pome consigners who had hitherto been holding
their wools nbove the market price have urged
the commission houses to let them go, in order
to clear the way for the new season's product.
The prices at which wools are being sold are
about low enough to interest investors and It Is
reported that there have been some purchases
for speculative account, not very extended as
yet, but sufficiently pronounced to Indicate that
speculative Interests are carefully watching the
situation and rio willing to take hold when
what they consider a favorable opportunity pre
sents Itself. The sales for the week in Boston
amounted to 3.374,500 pounds domestic and 335.000
pounds foreign, making _a total of 3,729.500.
against a. total of fi.546.000 for the previous week
and a total of l,SS5,C0O for the corresponding
week last year.
The sales since January 1 amount to 34.736.900
pounds, against 33.S01.C00 pounds for the corre
sponding time last year.
Chicago Livestock Market,
CHICAGO, March 6.— Receipts. 15,500. includ
ing 3C0 Texans. Choice native steers higher;
others about steady. Top, $8 25. Butcher
stocks jand Texans steady to strong. Good to
prime steers, $5 05^6 25; poor to medium, J3 65
«?5: stockers and feeders, firm. $2 7o l 9'4 60;. cows.
$2 7<:<a"4 35; heifers. 52 75^4 f>0; canners, weak
to shade lower, $2'§2 65; duIIs, steady, ?2 76®
4 30; calves, steady, $4®6 25; Texas fed steers,
$4«r4 90; Texas grass steers, $3 3504; Texas
bulls. J? 50^3 1(1.
HOG5- Receipts to-day. 23.000; to-morrow,
2S.W0. estimated: left over, 2500. Shade lower,
closing weak. Top. $5 62H: mixed and butch
ers'. $3 3S<85 60: good to choice heavy. $5 45®
5 62H: rough heavy. $5 30<!T5 40; light, *5 35®
6 57'4: bulk of sales, J5 45@5 B5. ', •
SHEEP— Receipts. 15,000. Sheep and lambs,
Rteady to shade higher. Good to choice.weth
ers. SI 30(34 S5; fair to choice mixed. $4^4 60;
¦Western sheep. $2 tOiiS 75: native lambs, $4 50©
5 25; Western Iambs. $5@5 25.
Nczv York Metal Market,
NEW YORK, March 6. — A reaction occurred
In tin, both In the local metal market and
lii London, due principally to a light specu
lative movement. Tin here opened about 25
points higher than the close of yesterday,
ruled quiet but firm, closing at $26 2(VS26 35.
The clr,sr> at London was steady, with spot
tin quoted at £119 5s and futures at £115.
Copper rules dull but steady. London was
2a Gd higher, spot closing at £70 12s 6d. while
futures closed at £71 2s 6d. The quotations
here were $17 for Lake - Superior and $1H 62V4
for casting and electrolytic. Lead continued
Blow and unchanged at tt 37M and spelter also
was dull without quotable change, the closing
basis being $3 92V ? tft2 S7V4. Domestic Iron mar
kets were inactive and nominal. English mar-
Vets, ruled without change. Glasgow closed at
C2s lOd and Mlddlesboro closed at 4os 9d.
Portland's Business
Northern Wheat Market.
PORTLAND. March 6.— Clearings. $403,733
balances, $70,55fi.
WASHINGTON
OREGON."
PORTLAND, March 6. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla, E5@56c; Blue Stem, 57Hc
TACOMA. March 6.— WHEAT— Dull and un
changed; Blue Stem, 57c; Club, 64^c.
Foreign Markets.
LONDON, March 6.— Consols, 97V4; Silver,
2S 3-16d; French rentes, 102f 27',4c, wheat car
goes "on passage, steadier; No. 1 Standard Cal
ifornia, 30s 3d; AValla Walla, 28d 9s; English
country markets, dull.'
LIVERPOOL, March 6.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 6s 2>*d@6s 3d; wheat in
Parts, weak; flour In Farls, weak; French
country markets, weak; weather in England,
stormy.
COTTON— Uplands, B 3-32d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot dull; No. 1 California, 6s 2tjd;
No, 2 red Western winter, 6s lid; No. 1'North
ern Spring, 6s 2V4<1. Futures, steady; May, 5s
U%d; January, 6s %d. . >
CORN— Spot, quiet; American .mixed, new
3s 2\4d; do old,- 3s ¦ 11%«1. Futures, steady
March. 3s 9%4; May, 3s 9%d; July. 3s 9Hd.
EASTERN MARKETS.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 60.000 38.000
Wheat, bushels 1S6.000 S.5.OX)
Corn, bushels. 519.000 149.000
Oats, bushels 520.000 325.000
Rye. bushels 9.000 17,000
Parley, bushels 35.000 S.uOO
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was active: creamery, 15(p22c; dairy,
iceiSc. Cheeae. dull. 10Vi®H%c. Eggs, quiet;
fresh. U\Lc.
Government Money Here.
tTr.lted States at far. Krancisco. reports cash
cn hand February "S as follows:
United State* notes J2.4S5 00
Treasury notes of IS*) 5.317 00
National bank notes 1.C0 H
Gold certiScate* 11.1S0O0
Redeemed gold certificates, series
1SSS Sn.OOO 00
Silver certificates 3C.S13 Co
Gold com 26.^40.447 02
Standard pilver dollar.- 31.S0C.65O 00
Subsidiary silver coin 467,153 75
Minor coin 4.63S 72
Coupons 1.01S S3
iliscf-llaneous •. I4£ 3j
Total J0S.931.295 li
The shipments of e'.Iver during the month
tetn as follows:
Standard silver dollars $f2.(W>
l-Vac-tioiiul silver coin 17.075
Total J1S3.075
Prunes and Raisins in New York.
Latest rr:ail report* Xirun New York say: "In
some Quarters the Fltuaticn in Fpot raisins is
rrportc-i ra&eVfaat betur. although the de
mand has shown no imj^,rtant increase. There
Ik a little inquiry In this market from Chicago
End other IVestern points for 3-crown loose.
price named being from '4e to l ic under hoM
hs" views. We hear of a small jobbing busi
aem ii; 15 and 20 box lets on the basis of flc
:o 6 J -c. according to quality and views of tell
?rs. Some stock not full standard is said to
I* aiaiiab'.e at from i">c to Cc, but It Is be
lieved Ihs effcring* on this basis are limited.
On I-crcwn grade the r-iaiket is LMieved to be
pceajr we!! fl^ared. particularly on best qual
ify. We learn that buy. ness is possible on
t-Cftnrr. loo^e at :\c to C 7 »c. but the quantity
offerins is believed to I* small. In London
layer raisins: a quiet imprest is noted. Sales
of 2-crown are still reported at $1 3'). Imported
raisins are flat and buying limited.
"In prur.r-s vie note a moderate business in
email lots on the spot, with prices ranging at
from 5'<c *o D'-c for JO-COs in 2i-!t> boxes; 4 7 »c
to 5c for 6»-70» and 2" t c to *\c for SO-lOCs. In
O'-Tf-F and QB «0s stocks tire saiJ to be cie<in-
Inp up. but we do not hear that this has cause. 1
any enhancement of values among sellers.
Coist filvlres note some degree of firmnefs
among outside hol«ljr«!. and in some cases
business is said to hav* boen turned down at
Ljc below the association's oj^ening basis,
fillers being unwilling to accept lower than
'«c under the 3c basis for the 'four sizes.' It
If also reported that cutside stocks are b»inir
cleaned up. In currants we note a fair busl
nesf on the spot in small lots for near-hy ship
ment on the^ has!* of quotations. A little more
inquiry is reported for cleaned in some quar
ters. The situation Is fairly steady but not
active. In peache* a little more business is
noted in tnweled In bag*, with saies at
;."•»<- to K'c. according to quality. Apricots are
quiet. A little movement is mjted in Urs. with
paJes cf several hundred bags reported within
the rar.£e at quotation.'."
The Huge Steel Trust.
WHAT TVALL STR1CET THINKS OF IT
AND WHAT IT MAY LEAD TO.
The new Tork circular cf Henry Clews says:
"The tenrion in \Ya!l street due to the ren
dericy of the rrest consolidation of iron and
eteel corporations has been relieved by the
consummation of the scheme and the formal
publication cf lt« details. The capitalization
cf the corporation amounts to a total of
11.100.000.000. Including *300.(KX>.<>00 In bonds.
INMMlMi in preferred Hock and J400.0O0.000 In
common Ftcck. The botids are to be, for the
mort ran. issued to Mr. Carnegie and his
partners in »-x^hanjr«> I«ir their Interests, while
both the preferred and common stocks will be
Issued in fxchanfe for the stocks of the merj?<~l
cr-mpanie* and also to the extent of about 170,-
CO.onQ for subsidiary purposes. The seven com
ranies consolidated are recent creations and.
a^. a rule, were pen^raliy capitalized on the
1 .isis of the common ot.K-k repres»-ntingr mainly
the pood will, etc. It will be observed, there
fore, that the issues <_f the new corporation
¦will Ftani in the siitk' relative position. A
strong syndicate of bar.kr and foreign bankers
has underwritten the undertaking to the ex
tent of $2</'.000.oiV\ ; which insuros the success
of th» flotation heyon-1 all peradventure and
may be pxj>ec{ei1 to pmtect the money market
from any possible 4is»url>anoe arising from the
operations. Wall street now understands the
scheme and is mainly concerned with estimat
ing its Intrinsic strenst!: and the future mar
ket value of the n*"sv securities. Excepting the
l«rue of J3rti.t,C"">0.Wi of »-on<is the capitalization
cf the new company will make no material ad
dition to the volume of securities on the mar
ket: and the eame will be true of the bon'ls
if Mr. Carnegie and his associates should
choose to ketp them in their possession: which,
however, is subject to d'jubt. Mr. Carnegie's
w^ll known prudence may be expected to lead
him to exchange some considerable proportion
of the morlKape for a variety of other Invest
ment* rather than have too many eggs in one
basket.
"Beyond these immediate aspects of the
great transaction this event suggests to Wall
Ftr».-*-t soiue questions cf very great Interest.
It presents an application of the trust prin
ciple upou a scale But-parsing- anything that
has tttHh surr-'wed probable, or even possible.
It is a strtkins Illns-tratlon of the way in
which larpe concentrations of industrial cap
ital tend to the creation of still larger. It is
cnnfifd that the merged companies found
themselves face to face with an Inevitable
end destructive competition— a battle between
EiF.m*— and this amalgamation was brought
about by a threat from Mr. Carnegie to poach
cn the rr«*erves of hir neighbors. The or
ganization of this huge concern Is openly Justi
fied by its promoter* on the ground that tt is
lytu-r to Invest thirty or forty millions. In
ordfr to harmonize i^mpeting Interests, than
•to Introduce iZA to V*> million* of new capital
for the destruction or existing Industries.' 'All
of *chi<-»i amounts to p.n n<~knowle<3cnient that
great concentrations of capital cannot realize
tl-.eir porlcy until tluy h«ve »>er>ome vl/-tual
monopolies. I'pon Xh'.f- principle may not the
1'nited Ptatf-s Hi«-el Company, having got un
der Its control one-luCf of the iron trade, find
iuvelf compelled to carry on Its programme of
annexation until It monopolizes the entire In
dustry ? And. again, aye there no other In
dustries likf-ly to find thcm*elvr« In the t>am*
l>o£itlon of inevitable competition between
strong capitals and 3r:vr-n to neek fuller pro
tection in still larper amalgamations? If this
policy hats already prov«-o to be a necensity In
the Iron trade what Is t« prevent Its applica
tion until we have reached a condition in
•which every other in^uMry will be wned or
controlled liy one Inc* unrated monopoly. It
fwmt to me that we are verging toward the
creation of a vast mas* of new securities. In
which It i.- to he hopcl conservatism will pre
vail arainrt excessive capital!7.atlon."
Weather Report.
O20th Meridlan-Pacine Time.)
6AN FRANCISCO. March 6, B p. m.
The fallowing lire the seasonal rainfalls tc
date n» compared with those of name date ia»t
•¦eaur.n. jinil rainfall In last 24 hours:
FORECAST.
The rressure has fallen ranidly over the
western half of the country. During the past
24 hours there has been a fall of more than
half an inch over Idaho. Kastern Washington
and British Columbia.
The temperature has fallen rapidly along the
coast from San Francisco northward, and has
cloo fallen from Los Angeles southward. Con
ditions are unfavorable for fair weather over
the greater portion of the coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for 30 hours
ending midnight March 7, 1901:
Northern California — Cloudy. untettled
weather Thursday, with showers: much cooler
In Eouthem portion: fresh southeast winds.
Southern California — Cloudy, unsettled
weather Thursday; fresh southwest winds.
Newda— Cloudy; cooler Thursday.
Utah— Cloudy: cooler Thursday.
Arizona — Cloudy Thursday: cooler Thursday
nlrht.
San Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy, unsettle.!
weather Thursday, with showers; brisk south
west winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
Forecast Official.
75 llonokaa Sugar Co 32 Ti
£0 Honokaa Sugar Co 32 ST>
10 Honokaa Sugar Co, cash Z2 ST 1
U0 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co 23 ro
25 Kilauea Sugar Plantation Co 23 _,
25 Kllauea Sugar Plantation Co JJ -&
13 Market Street Railway, cash go ]¦
35 Oceanic Steamship Co KM
40 Oceanic Steamship Co o f> ;,)
25 Oceanic Steamship Co *6 25
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 68 on
10 Paauhau S P Co , 34x0
2CO Paauhau S f» Co / 33 g;i
25 8 F Gas & Electric Co 1775
175 Spring Valley Water v qq
5 Spring Valley Water, oash fj ,y»
$7000 Spring Valley 4s (2d mortgage).... i>» co
Street —
20 Giant Powder Con '. H 7;
10O Market Street Railway ej |g
Afternoon Session.
Board-
SO Alaska Packers' Association 1:3 CO
10 Alaska Packers' Association 123 25
50 Alaska Packers" Association 123 59
J6CC0 Bay Counties Power Co 5s 1C2 75
11000 Bay Counties Power Co Ss 103 00
40 California Wine Association 100 CO
20 Contra Costa Water 63 23
15 MakaweM Sugar Co 43 $.>
15 Oceanic Steamship Co at CO
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 5575
10 Oceanic Steamshtp Co 3551)
50 Oceanic Steamship Co 55 25
225 Oceanic Steamshtp Co 55 00
J3C-C0 Omnibus Cable 4s 12"J 0*
25 8 F Gas & Electric Co 4775
25 S F Gaa & Electric Co 47 ;o
25 Spring Valley Water 91 co
Street—
4 Bank of California 410 50
I40OO Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 1C5 W>
I2MJ0 N P C R R 5s ios 25
$1000 S P Branch Railway 6s 132 a
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Mornlns Session.
Board—
500 Aetna 27
10 Blu* Goose 2 Ui
660O California-Standard so
2000 California-Standard 49
100 California-Standard 47
100 Four so
500 Hanford, Fresno, Kern River *>
100 Home 4 10
1600 Independence 20
100 Junction «3
300 Lion » IS
400 McKittrlck Consolidated .. v 13
8 Monarch of Arizona "'>
1C0 Monarch of Arizona «3
352 Monarch of Arizona «2
SCO Monarch of Arizona, a 90 M
200 Monte' Crtsto. 2 1".
200 Occidental of West Virginia «l
300 Occidental of West Virginia 60
1000 Oil City Petrolejum - 23
25 Peerless 8 SO
750 Petroleum Center IS
750 Petroleum Center, b 30 16
KO Reed Crude 64
CO Reed Crude 65
200 8terllne J 70
60 Sterling 2 65
100 Sterling. b3O... 8 70
Afternoon Session. ,
Board—
400 Aetna -~~. ti
2400 California-Standard - SO
500 California-Standard 51
200 Central Point Con : 1 70
60 El Dorado — 1 "3
1100 Four W
1200 Four 53
500 Independence — 20
20 Kern 9 00
10 Kern River 17 00
1100 Monte Crlsto » 10
400 Monte Crlsto, s S> * W
3000 Oil City Petroleum 24
1000 Oil City Petroleum, s 30 2a
1000 Oil City Petroleum. fc
300 Petroleum Center 19
500 Petroleum Center, s SO - H
200 Reed Crude 67
ICO Sterling, b 90 * 70
100 Sterling 2 «?
200 Twenty-eight, a 30 1 «•>
Street—
3000 Oil City Petroleum "
BAN* FRANCISCO OIL EXCHASGB.
Morninsr Session.
Beard—
700 California-Standard 45
100 Independence *>
100 Kern CHI » 2->
inno McKittrlck «
ICO Mont* CrlBto. s 90 3 00
1500 Petroleum Center la
50 San Joaquln O & D Co 11 K^j
100 Wolverine ~ * 4a
Afternoon Session.
Board —
500 Columbian 31
5 Hanford V* »
Hi Hanford Mo 00
100 Kern Oil :—.. » £>
500 Lion •- 2°
5W> Monarch of Arizona 5.
2000 Petroleum Center IS
100 Sterling, b 60 ISO
MINING STOCKS.
Following were th« sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Challenge 17! 300 Yellow Jacket.. 19
200 Chollar 07!
Afternoon Session.
200 Belcher 09 500 Justice C3
100 Best & Belcher 20 200 Silver Hill 44
100 Best & Belcher 19 2C0 Yellow Jacket.. 13
300 Gould & Curry. 14
Following were th» sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
. Morning Session.
200 Challenge Con. 16i 3P0 Savage It
too Gould & Curry. IS 300 Sierra Nevada. 23
200 Mexican « 17 1
Afternoon Session.
800 Gould & Curry. 17 300 Yellow Jacket . 19
3C0 Ophir 61 200 Yellow Jacket.. 30
CLOSING QUOTATIONS,
WEDNESDAY. March 6— i p. m.
Bid. Ask. ; Bid. Ask.
Alpha 02 03|Justlc« 02 C4
Alta W M|Kentuck 01 02
Andes 05 C6i Lady Wash 01 03
Belcher C9 10 : Mexican 16 17
Best & Belcher 19 20 Occidental 03 05
Bullion 01 P2 Ophir f3 St
Caledonia 64 67j Overman 10 11
Challenge Con.. 16 l?;Potosl 14 1*
Chollar C« 07iSavage 10 13
Confidence 76 $0: Scorpion — C4>
Con Cal Sc Va..l 60 1 65 i Seg Belcher.... Cl 02
Con Imperial... 01 02! Sierra Nevada. 23 23
Con New York. 01 03 Silver Hill -!3 45
Crown -Point... 10 12! St Louis _ — OT
Eureka Con C6 —(Standard I SO 4 10
Exchequer 01 02! Syndicate — 09
Gould & Curry. H 171 Union Con IS 20
Hale & Norcrs. 13 lSIUtah 05 M
Julia 01 «1 Yellow Jacket.. 19 20
Xku York Exchange continues to decline. Silver unchanged.
Zero weather otrr the Wheat belt fails to affect the market.
Barley much more active on call.
Xothing nczv in Oats, Corn and Rye.
Bran and Hay as prez-iously quoted.
White Beans in* good demand and firm.
Potatoes lozi-cr and zeeak under heavy receipts.
Onions and Vegetables show little change.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs all lower.
Poultry and Game show little variation.
Eight cars of Oranges sold at auction. j ?
X at hiv g new in Dried Fruit.
Provisions dull at the old quotations.
High prices check the consumptive demand for Mutton.
Brisk trading in local stocks and bonds.
Oil stocks continue in very fair demand.
SUMMARY. OF THE MARKETS.
Express Companies— '
Adams 135
600 American 1S8
300 United States 5SU
Wells Fargo 137
* Miscellaneous—
200 Amerlcrn Cotton Oil 27
American Cotton OH prefd 83
200 American Malting 4%
200 American Malting prefd 25
17,900 American Smelting & Refining ZZ%
3.GO0 American Smelting & ReHning pfd. 73%
American Spirits ¦ 1%
American Snirits prefd 17
6,100 American Steel Hooji 36Vi
400 American Sttel Hoop prefd 8li 2
4.200 American Steel & Wire 39',i
2,900 American Steel & Wire prefd 96U
1.200 American Tin Plate 62
COO American Tin IMate prefd 101*-i
1S.900 American Tobacco 121
300 American Tobacco prefd 146
7.500 Anaconda Mlnlns Co 47H
6,403 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 75%
400 Colorado Fuel & Iron 44%
3,200 Continental Tobacco .• 46%
200 Continental Tobacco prefd KKHi
3,600 Federal Steel 43s;
6.200 Federal Steel prefd SS*»
1,600 General Electric 213%
200 Glucose Sugar 46%
Glucose Sugar prefd '. 92
3,900 International Paper 23
3,900 International Paper prefd 74 7 »
300 Laclcde Gaa 81%
700 National Biscuit ...' 39Vi
200 National Biscuit prefd 94
100 National Lead '. 15%
100 National Lead prefd 83%
4.600 National Steel 43'i
l.OOO National Steel prefd 101»i
... t ... New York Air Brake 153
North American 75
Pacific Coast 52%
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 88
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 62
COO Pacific Mai! 35%
12.200 People's Gas 102U
1,000 Pressed Steel Car 38
1,000 Pressed Steel Car prefd '.... 734
Pullman Palace Car 200
800 Standard Rope & Twine 3%
57,200 Sugar 141
Sugar prefd 121
19,300 Tennessee Coal & Iron 50%
700 United States Leather 121%
7C0 .United States Leather prefd 74%
600 United States Rubber 19
1.200 United States Rubber prefd 5S*i
6.700 Western Union S7%
1.000 Republic Iron & Steel Co 15%
l.OCO Republic Iron & Steel Co prefd.... 65)4
C C C & St Louis 59
80.700 Amalgamated Copper 101
CLOSING BONDS
1,122,300 Shares sold
V S 2s ref 10«i N Y Cent lsts 107H
Do 2s coup 105% S J Cent cen Ss..l34?i
Do 3s reg Ill Northern Pac 3s... 71%
Do 3s coup Ill Do 4s ; 10;>iA
Do new 4s reg....l37»4 N Y C & S L 4s. .108*4
Do new 4s coup..l37V 4 N & W con 4s \0V/j
Do old 4s reg 113 Or Nav lsts 110
Do old 4s coup. ..114 . Do 4s 104%
Do 5« reg Ill'* Or Short Line Cs..l27»i
Do as coup Hl',4 1 Do con 5s 116%
Did of Col 3.C3s.. ..123 j Reading Gen 4s.... W 2
Atchicon pen 4s...lM 1 i R G W luts 100
Do adj 4s 93V !=t L & I M con 5s. 117
Canada Sou 2ds 1U» 1 ,;: S L & S F Gen 6s. 130-
Ches & Ohio 4%s..Ii;3%: St Paul con 184
Do 5s 121 i St P C & P lsts. .118',;,
C & N con 7s HO'i! Do us 121%
Do S F Deb 5s. .liS'ii Southern Pac 4s... 93»J
Chic Term 4s 57 1 Southern Ry 5s 116
Colorado Sou 4s S3 Stand Tt & T 6s 49U
I> f; K G 4s 1C2>. Tex & Pac lsts 11S%
Erie Gen 4s 86^ Do 2ds So
F W f: D C lsts.. $:>V* I'nlon Pac 4s 106
Gen Elec 5s 176 WabaFh lsts 119v;
Iowa Cent lsts IK, Do 2ds 109%
L & N Un! 4s 10U4> West Shore 4s US%
M K & T Cds 751S Wis Cent iFts SS
Do 4s S»7r4lVa Centuries 95'»
MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con ». 23iLittle Chief 14
Alice 40;Ontarlo 7 73
Breece 1 25iOphlr BS
Brunswick Con .'3 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel... 05'Potosl 12
Con Cal & Va 1 CO) Savage 10
rv-adwood Terra 50 ) Sierra Nevada...... 25
Horn Silver 1 lO^Small Hopes t,<J
Iron Silver ;.S Standard 3 90
Leadvllle Con Co
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — .Union Pac. 91%
Call loans 3S3% Union Land 4%
Time loans 3',i@4 West End 95%
Stocks— Westngh Elec S8
Atch Ton fc S F.. 57S Wls Cent 6S
Do prefd 91T»| Bonds—
Amer Sugar 140U Atchison 4s 101
Do prefd 121 N K O & Coke 5s.. 63
Amer Tele 161 Mining Shares—
Bofton & Albany. .255 Adventure 13
Boston Elevated ..170 iBinRham 21%
Boston & Maine 193 Arn.-il Copper 101
Chi Bur & Q 149 Atlantic 34%
Dominion Coal ... 37'i' Boston & Mont 3CJ
I>o prefd 110 j Butte & Boston.... 97
Federal Steel 41 j Calumet. & Hecla..SW
Do prefd *S?i Centennial 20%
Fitchburs prefd. ..142 ;FrankIin 23%
General Klec 213% Humboldt 23
Do prefd 186 Parrot 53
Ed Elec 111 245 iQulncy 17»i
Mexican Cent 17% Santa Fe Copper... .7^
N E Gas & Coke.. 12 Tamarack 34->
Old Colony 20S [Utah-Mining S5%
Old Dominion 37Ti! Winona "
Rubber 1S% Wolverines 53
London Market.
CLOSING
NEW YORK. March 6.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
Business on the Stock Exchange remained nar
row .and dull to-day. The public seems to be
shy but the expectation of an early agreement
for praee In South Africa continues to grow
nnd spread. American shares wero prominent
:n the trading, though the scale of business
was small. Ixindon was. buying Erie and Read-
Ing, then New York opened strong and sent
over heavy buying orders In Union Pacifies
and Baltimore and Ohio. New York sold
Southern Railway, both common and prefer
red, and bought Atchison preferred. Money
was hard.
LONDON. March fi.— Atchlson, 5SU: Canadian
Pacific. 94; Union Pacific prefd. 87%: Northern
Pacific prefd, M; Grand Trunk. 7^4; Anacon
oa. 10. Bar sliver, steady, 28 3-16«l. Money,
SVi'S'l per cent.
New York Money Market.
NEW YORK. March 6.— Money on call Fteady
at 2Hf}3 per cent; last l«an. 2%. Prime mercan
tile raper, Z^fftVli ppr cent. Ptprllnp; exchange,
firm, with actual business In bankers' bills at
J4 S7% for demand and" at J4 R4'i for sixty days
Pestfd rates. $4 S5% and $4 SS4. Commercial
bills, 14 83'£i?i4 S4. Sliver certificates. filViS
C3Vic. Bar silver. filHc Mexican dollars, 13<>.
Oovrrr-orU bonds, easier; State bonds, weak;
rallroed bondF, firm.
Condition of the Treasury.
WASHINGTON. \ March 6.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances in the general
fund, exclusive of the $ir.O.OOO,000 gold rpperv*
in t^e division of redemntion. shows: Avail
able cash balance. $143,203,949; gold, $84,Su9,0S4.
New York Cotton Market
NEW • YORK, March 6.— Cotton closed un
changed.
New York Grain and Produce.
# — : *
CHICAGO. March 6.— "Wheat started with a
good demand from shorts and commission
houses, the market being Influenced by a sharp
advance at Liverpool and still felt the Impetus
which it galnod on the curb yesterday after
the close. This- strength was due to a sudden
fear that the cold weather had done or would
do severe damage to the infant crop, and as
the weather was still frigid to-day, the in
fluence remained as a comfort to the bulls,
although the bearlshly Inclined wpeculators
smiled at it. May opened Vic, to %©Vic higher
at 75T4 to 76@76Vfce, and sold to 76»ic It re
acted to 76c during the forenoon and held
fcteady lor come time. Lack of outside demanil
latfr caused a further decline on a very dull
market and the olose was easy. May un
changed at 75%c. the bottom price for the day.
Following a brief period of moderate activ
ity at the opening, the corn market ruled dull
and featureless. May closed a shade lower at
<0»i@40Ttc. .
Oats were less dull than wheat and corn.
The market opened fcteady. but tired longs
soon let go or considerable quantities. The
close was weak. May %c lower at 25Vic.
Provisions were dull but firm on light hog
receipts. A demand for pork offset moderate
fellire of lard. May pork closed 7%c higher,
lard a shade up and ribs 5c higher.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
ArtlcliB— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
March 74% 74 % 74 74
April 751? 70U 74*i 74%
May 76^ 76U 75% 75H
Corn No 2—
March zm
May 4i 41% 40% 40%
Oats No. 2—
March 24H
May 25% 25H 23H 23%
Mess Pork, per- barrel-
March .': 34 074
May 14 17% 14 25 14 17% 14 22%
Lard, per 100 pounds —
March 7 42%
May [ 747% 7 474 7 45 7 47%
July : 7 52% 7 62U 7 62^4 7 E2H
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds— ¦
March 7 05'
May 7 07% 7 12% 7 07% 7 10
September 7 22% 7 25 7 20 7 22%
Cash quotations I were as follows: Flour,
rteady; No. -3 spring wheat. 6S@72c; No. 2
red, 76c; No. X corn, 89>4c; No. 2 yellow. 39^ic;
No. 2 oats, 2514®25Hc; No. 2 white. 27H@30c;
No. 3 white. 27®29Vic; No. 2 rye. 53c: common
barley, 40© 46c; fair to choice malting, 4S@56c;
No. 1 flaxseed $1 57® 1 57^: No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 68(91 59; prime timothy seed, $4 40: mess
pork, per barrel. $14 06@14 10: lard, per 100
rounds. $7 40@7 42%: short-rib sides (loose),
*7«?7 25; dry salted shoulders . (boxed), *6 23®
6 50; snort clear sides (boxed), $7 40®7 60;
whisky, basis of -high wines, $127; clover,
contract grade, $10 75.
COMMERCIAL AND FINANCIAL
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— Liverpool and Paris futures were
lower.. New York ! stood about the same.
Zero' weather at Chicago and a cold wave
over a great part of the wheat belt occasioned
some alarm at Chicago, especially as the
plant is not protected by snow, and this, with
rather better cables, gave that market more
tone at the opening, and there were more
buyers than sellers at the advance. Minne
apolis millers were good buyers' of cash W heat,
and there was also buying for Liverpool ac
count. The Improvement. however. was
checked by selling by heavy holders, and there
was also some quiet long selling. The crowd
became bearish, and the close was wea'cer.
The Government report on Saturday will show
stocks of Wheat, Corn and Oats In farmers
This market opened somewhat higher on call,
'spof Wh°eat-Shlpplng, ?5c; milling. 97Hc©
$1 O2'/4 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Ses-Ion— 9:15 o'clock— May— 2000 ctls.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctla. $1 04V4.
May— 4000. 99c.
Regular Morning Session— May— 10,000 ctls,
9ST4c; 8000 SS%c; 8000. 9S%c; 2000. 98VsC De
cember—22.000. fl 04.
Afternoon Session— May— 4000 ctls, 9S%c. De
teinbor—MOO. $1 04.
BARLEY— There was more activity on call
than for months, the reason given being tha*
the very good demand of the paat several
weeks has cut down stocks, which has creat
ed a call board inquiry. .The spot market^was
steady and unchanged.
Feed. 72>£c for choice bright, 70@71 1 ,4c for No.
1 and C7Hc for off grades; Brewing and Ship*
ping grades. 75©60c; Chevalier, nominal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
Sepond Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctls,
71c; 2000, 70^4c; 4000, 70c; 4000. 69%c. December—
2000 ctls. 69c; 2000, 6S%c; 2000. 6S*ie; 2000, 6SV*c;
2000, 6S&C.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OATS— Stand the same. Some dealers report
free sales, and others a dull market. ¦
.White, $1 25@1 45; Surprise, nominal; Red,
$1 2501 40 for Feed and Jl 35© 1 45 for Seed;
Gray, nominal; Black, for Feed. $1 17H@1 20;
for Seed. $1 2501 30 per ctl.
CORN-Yellow. $1 10@l 15; White. |1 10<Sl 15;
Eastern mixed, $1 12V4 per ctl.
RYE— 82%®S5c per ctl.
BUCKWH.KAT— Nominal.
Flour and Millstuffs.
FLOUR— California Family Extras. $3 25®
$3 50. usual terms: Bakers' Extras, $3 15tg3 20;
Oregon, $2 75@2 85 per , barrel for family and
?2 T3g'3 for bakers'; Washington, bakers'. {2 75
@3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Mral. J2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal. $2 73:
extra cream do, $3 50; Oat Groats, $150; Hom
iny. $3 50<8-3 75; Buckwheat Flour, J4«4 23:
Cracked Wheat. J3 JO; Farina. $4 50; Whole
Wh^at Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels). $6 10
(57 CO; In sacks, $5 75®7 25; Pearl Barley, it;
SNlt Peas. $5; Green Peas. $8 CO, per 100 lbf.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
Arrival of 5117 rks of* Bran from Oregon. The
market shows no chance. Hay Is as before
quoted.
BRAN— »15©16 rer ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50<319 60 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled . Barley. $16<gl6 50 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. $25026: Jobbing.
$26 £0; Cocoanut Cake, $17i@15; Corn Meal, $23tf»
$25 E0: Cracked Corn. J25 50(326; Mixed Feed,
$15(016. ,
HAY— Volunteer. $5@S; Wheat. $U@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9rrfi2; Oat, X9@ll 50: Clover, nominal;
AlfBlfa. $8«!t 50: Barley. $7 50(39 50 per ton.
STRAW— 3.>#47%e per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
Aside from a demand for White Beans, the
market Is dull and featureless.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 50@2 75; Small White, $4 60
«H 50; Large White, J4@4 25; Pink. $2 15®2 35;
Red, $3ft3 50; Blackeye, $3@3 25; Llmas. JJ 60#
5 70: Pea, cleaned up and nominal; Red Kid
ney. J3 73'S'4 per ctl.
SKEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal: Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax. $2 D0@ 3: Canary. '3'i©
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%@SHc for Califor
nia and S©OHc for Utah; Rape, 2@2Hc; Hemp.
Z%e: Timothy. 6Uc
DRIED PEAS— NUes, $2@2 50; Green. J2 705?
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables..
Arrivals of Potatoes were 13.053 sks. of which
702S were Oregons. The market had to give
way under this Influx, and Oregons were lowej-.
Salinas are hardly quotable, there being scarce
ly any here. Sweets are also lower, under re
ceipts of four car6.
Onions are quiet and unchanged.
Kecelpts of Asparagus were lighter and the
market was firmer. Other Vegetables stood
about the same.
Receipts were 159 boxes Asparagus, 221 boxes
Rhubarb and 32 sacks of Bay Peas.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 75@85c; Burbanks.
30©3Sc for River and 50©90c for Oregon; Garnet
Chiles from Oregon. <wft75c; Sweets, 65gS5c for
Merced: New Potatoes. 3iU'3hic per lb.
ONIONS— $2 £0<g3 per ctl; Cut Onions. II
per ctl; Australians are Jobbing at 5c; Green
Onions. 35®40c per box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb. 5@7c; Asparagus.
llj?16c for No. 1 and 7iS10c per lb for No. 2;
Creen Peas, H1?6c for Los Angeles and 3®6c
for Bay: Strirg Beans, 5<J10e; Cobbage. $1@
1 10; Tomato* s, Los Angeles, »0c9$l ?5 per
crate; from Mexico, 65c»@$l 25 per crate; Egg
Plant, Los Angeles, 12*4f?15c per lb; Green
Peppers, Los Angeles, 8tzl2Hc per Ib for Chile
end 15c for Bell: Dried Peppers. 12@lSe; Dry
Okra. 25c per lb; Carrots, 25{?35c per sack:
Hothouse Cucumbers. $1 60 per dozen; Summer
Squash. $1S1 25 per box; Garlic, 3{f3Hc per lb;
Marrowfat Sauash, $30 .per ton; Mushrooms,
12H@15c per lb. < •
Poultry and Game.
.Two cars of Eastern Poultry came in and
rales were made as follows: Hens. $6^6 50;
old Roosters, ?5; young. Roosters, $6 5O©7;
Ducks, $5; young do, $10; Geese, $2; live Tur
keys, 12@14c; Pigeons. $1 60 per dozen.
Prices for local Poultry remained unchanged.
Game Is largely nominal
POULTRY— Live Turkeys; 10<gl2c for Gob
tiers and 12@Hc for Hens; Dressed Turkeys,
; Gees*, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
li E0<@3; Ducks, "• $4®5 for old and $6Q7 for
ycung; Hens, $4(36; Young Roosters. $607; Oid
Roosters, $1 50fS5; Fryers. $5 50*36; Broilers,
ti 50@5 for large and $3 50<f4 for small; Pig
eons, $1 50!gl 75 per dozen for old and $2 50@3
fo~ Squabs.
GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. $l<g'l 25;
Brant, $1 for small and $1 50 for large; Hon
kers $3© 4 50: EnRllsh Snipe. : Jack Snipe.
; ' Hare, $1; Rabbits, $1 for Cottontail and
75c for Brush; Pigeons. per dozen.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
Receipts of Butter. Cheese and Egars were
heavier and all three were lower, as will bo
seen. The greater part of the Butter is arriv
ing soft and in poor condition, which enhances
the weakness of the market.
Tho feeling in Eggs is still quoted steady,
in spite of the decline, owing to the local and
cold storage demand already mentioned. There
Is no accumulation of stock.
Cheese is weak under the liberal supplies.
Reef Ipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
wore- 63,400 pounds of Butter, 1936 cases Eggs,
26,540 pounds California Cheese and pounds
Eastern Cheese. ¦
HUTTETt '
Creamery— Extras, 17Hc: firsts, 15c; seconds.
Dairy— Extras, 15c; firsts, 13c; seconds. 12c;
store, lie. . m
Storage— Creamery extras, ; firsts, :
seconds, ; dairy extras. .
Pickle, per pound.
Keg ¦ per pound.
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 9c; choice,
8c- common, nominal; Young Americas, 9^4c;
Eastern full cream, 15@16Hc per lb.'
California Ranch— Selected White, 12%c; mlx
rd colors. HV4c per dozen. -
California Gathered— Selected, 11! Jc; standard,
lie: seconds,
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, . ; standard, ;
Se storage— California fancy. : standard. ;
Eastern fancy. ; standard, - — ; seconds.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
Eight cars of Oranges were auctioned as
follows: Fancy Navels. $1@1 60; choice do, 15a
<g$l 15; standard do, 40(ff60c; seedlings, 40@S5c;
L«mons, $1 25©2 35. . , i >
There is • no change In citrus fruit, 'except
the fluctuations in Limes, owing to their scar
city and firmness. .All other fruits are as be-
FRUITS
APPLES— 50@7jc per box for common. 90c@
Jl 50 for eood to choice and $1 75rg2 for fancy.
• PEAKS— 75c©*l 50 per box and nominal 1 *
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, 75cfr$2-
Seedlings, BOc@$l; Tangerines. 75c(g $150; Jap!
anese Mandarins. $10150; Lemons. *l@i 50 for
common and $1 7»«r2 ¦¦» fpr good to choice:
Grape Fruit, 50c@$2r Mexican Limes, $7 5*38-
California Ltmes, nominal; Bananas, 75c@$l 50
per bunch for Island and $1.2502 for New
Orleans; Pineapples, <5c@$2 per dozen.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
FRUITS— Apricots. B(g7c for Royals and 8^@
10c for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples. 4®5U C -
Bur.-dried. lV4@2%c; Peaches. 3®3Hc for stand
ard. 4®4\4c for choice and 6@6c for • fancy
Pears, 2®7c; Plums, pitted. 4®5c, unpltted. i©
lVbc; Nectarines, 5@5»,fcc for red and 5V4©6c for
PRUNES— Santa Clara. 4 sizes. Sc: 3<M0s 7e
40-509. 6\»c; 50-60S. 4%c: 60-70S, 3%c; 70-SOs. 3Uc :
i0-90.i. ,2%c; 90-lOOs, 2Uc; 100-1208. l^c; rubles,'
He premium: Sonomas, He and San Joaqulns
fco less than Santa Claras, except 100 and over,
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. 12o per lb; choice. He:
standard. 10c; prime. 9c; unbleached Thomp
sons, 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lo^c per
Ib- choice. 9V*c; standard. 8%c; prime, 8c: un
bleached Sultanas, 8c: Seedless. 50-lb boxes.
6V4c - 4-crown. 7c:' 3-crown. 6V4c; 2-crown. 6c!
Pacific brand. 2-crown. 6c: 3-crown. 5% c . and
4-crown 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy, 16
ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, 5Hc; choice, 16-ounce. 6%c;
12-ounce. 5\ic; London Layers. 2-crown. |i 50
per box: 3-crown; $160: Fancy Clusters. $2: De
hesa *2 50; Imperial. $3. All prices f. o. b. at
common shipping points In California.
¦ NUTS— Chestnuts, 8@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts No. l.softshell. 10c; No. 2. 7Hc; No.
1 hardshell, 9%c: No. 2, 7c; Almonds, 12©13c
for Dapershell, 9011c for softshell; Peanuts. ift
6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts, 13c: Filberts. 13c;
Pecans ll®13c; Cocoanuts. $3 5Cfj 1.
HONEY— Comb. 13}i®14c tor bright and 12^0
13c for light amber; water white extracted.
7Hc: Hght amber extracted, 6!»@7c: dark, 6fc>
C v ?c per lb.
liEESWAX-24©26c per lb.
Provisions.
The market continues 1 dull and unchanged.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. ll©ll«*c per lb ror
heavy, llH©ttc for light medium. 12%©13c for
light, 13@14c for extra llffht and lo<315>4e for
sugar-cured; Eastern sugar-cured Ham*. lze:
Mess Beer. $12 per barrel; extra Mess. »13:
Kamlly. »14: extra One Pork. $lo@l* ">: * x ™
clear, $19 5O@20; Mess. $17; Smoked Beef. 13c
per pound. .. ,
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6^c per Id for
compound and 9>*e for pure: half-barrels, ptxre,
9«c: 10-lb tins. NH4c: 5-lb tins. lOHc.
COTTOLEXE —One half-barrel. 814c: three
half-barrels, 8c; one tierce; 7T4c; two tierces,
7kc: five tierces, 7ftc per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
about \c under quotations. Heavy Salted Steers,
»%01Oc: medium. 9c; light. S<8S%c; Cow Hides.
SHc for heavy and 8@8ttc for light: Stags, ««
6%c; Salted Kip. 9c; Salted Veal, 9©10c: Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 15H@16c: Culls. 13H®Uc:
Dry Kip, 15616c; Dry Calf. 16gl7c; cull-jand
brands 14615c: Sheepskins, shearlings, «©*«
each; short Wool. 30@50c each; medium. 60® .,5c:
ling Wool. 75c®*l each: Horse Hides, salt. S2 SO
©2 75 for large and $2«?2 25 for medium. *1 2»
lor small and 50c for colts: Horse Hides, dry
$1 75 for large. $1 50 for medium. $1 to for small
nnd COc for colts. Deerskins-Summer or red
skins. 35c; fall or medium skins. 30c; winter or
thin skins. 2Oc. Goatskins— Prime Angcras.
7. r c; large and smooth. 60c; medium. 3uc. - •
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4VifM?4C per lb;
No. 2. 434Hc; grease. 2f2Hc
WOOL— Spring, 19C0— Humboldt and I Mendc
cino, 15©16c per lb: Northern, free. 12813c: do.
defective. JOSllc: Middle County, free. ~\^»^\ c 
do. defective. »@10c; Southern, 12 month*. WS
9c; Southern, free,- 7 months, 7®10c; do. de
fective. 7 months, 7©Sc; Oregon alley, fine.
15016c; do, medium and coarse. 14«loo: Ore
gon Eastern, choice. 12®l«c: do. fair to good
O'fJllc- Nevada. 10<S12c. Fall— Humboldt and
Mendoctno, ll©12c; Middle County and Ncrth
trn. 84?&c: Sin .Toaquln, 7SSc.
HOPS— 16620c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
The consumptive demand for Mutton con
tinues light, owing to the high prices, though
some sales are still being made at 10c. Oth
erwise there is nothing new in the market.
BEEF— "@8c Tor Steers and 6<g^V4c per Ib for
VRAT^Ijarsre. 7©8c: smajl, 9c P*r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 9§10c; Ewes, S*4@9e per
P< LAMB— Yearlings, 10c per lb; Spring, 10@12ttc
per pound.
PORK— Live Hogs. 6Uc for small and Vic
for medium and 6c for large: stock Hogs, 5Hc;
feeders, 5Hc; dressed Hogs, 8@9Hc
General Merchandise.
BAGS— San Quentln Bags. $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags. June and July. 6%$}8?4c: local
make, 6%c; Wool Bags, 30®32»4c; Fleece Twins,
7Kc.
CO ALr- Wellington, $3 per ton; Southfleld
Wellington. *0: Seattle, J7; Bryant, 17; Coos
Bay $5 50; "Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end V>\ Cumberland. $12 In bulk and $13 25 la
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Erg. $14; Can
nel. 110 p«?r ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions, *8 45
per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton, according
to brand.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar « Refining Com
pany quotes, per 1b, In ICO-lb bags:
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered. 5.SGc; Candy Gran
ulated, 5.85c; Dry Granulated. 5.75c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Magnolia A. 0.35c; Extra C.
5.25c: Golden C. 5.15c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrels. 20c more; boxes. EOc more; 50-lb bags,
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or its equivalent. Dcmlnoe, half-bar
rels, 6.50c; boxes, 6.75c per lb.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR WEDNESDAY. MARCH 8.
Flour, fjr sks 21.951 1 Tallow, ctls 844
Wheat ctls 8,000, Sugar, ctls 1.90O
Barley", ctls 2,6T»O Lime, bbls 1S3
Oats, ctls -. 910 Leather, rolls.... 157
Beans, sks 2.439 Quicksilver, flsks 23
Potatoes, sks 6.02S; Wine, gals 9S.720
Onions, sks 720 Brandy, pals 1,50.0
Flrnn sks 1.430, Chicory, bbls 50
Middlings, sks.... 272 Wool, bales 33
Straw, tons 10 Pelts, Mis 3.031
Hay. tons 437 Hides, Xo I4S
OREGON
Flour, qr sks 7,018 Bran, ska 1,117
Oats ctls l.S4i> Middlings, ika.... 650
Potatoes, eks 7.0M Wool, bales 1
Onions, sks *>
THE SAN FRAiSCTSCO CALL, THURSDAY, , MAKOu 7, iyui.
3U$?SHc. Apricots— Royal 7%i®12c; Moorpark,
S'4«l5c. Peaches— Peeled, 14@lSc; unpeeled,
6H.S10C. .. • ,
Chicago Grain Market.
Foreign Futures.
STOCK MARKET.
Exchange and Bullion.
8
r
;i
n
M
i<
STi
reka
1 Dl
:rcm<
i Fn
¦MIO
ATIONS
la'ff' '.'.'.'..
ifnto ...
¦anclsco..
ndence ..
lis Obisrx
if
t lM»t ThU
121 Hours Spason.
tl.OO 2S".7J
O.(K> 22.7: I
0.00 16.10
O.tt) 18.04
O.on 9.94 ,
I 0.00 5.6G
! 0.00 27-Oi ]
Sf-acon
41.40
14.S7
IS. 24
7.04
2.17
, 14.70
Los Angeles 0.C0 ! 13.61 I 5.56
Son Diego 0.00 | g.53 | 3.13
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
66: minimum. $4: mean. eo.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
r
;i
n
M
i<
STi
reka
1 Dl
:rcm<
i Fn
¦MIO
ATIONS
la'ff' '.'.'.'..
ifnto ...
¦anclsco..
ndence ..
lis Obisrx
if
t lM»t ThU
121 Hours Spason.
tl.OO 2S".7J
O.(K> 22.7: I
0.00 16.10
O.tt) 18.04
O.on 9.94 ,
I 0.00 5.6G
! 0.00 27-Oi ]
Sf-acon
41.40
14.S7
IS. 24
7.04
2.17
, 14.70
Los Angeles 0.C0 ! 13.61 I 5.56
Son Diego 0.00 | g.53 | 3.13
San Francisco data — Maximum temperature,
66: minimum. $4: mean. eo.
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
WEEEL CALL
c/ It Publish,** the Cream of th»
3 News or the Week and -'-'\
3 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
©/ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
°\ IT IS THE BEST WEEKLY
O< PAPER ON TH8
) PACIFIC COAST
3 \ / "**
"J The Best \ • Mining '
Telegraphic \X News That
°\ Service on /N. Is Accurate*
oc The Coast / \& up to date
©^ / \
o{
c^ Not a Line of it Sensational
©< or Faky, and Not a Line of
gj it Dry or Uninteresting.
©< Bright, Clean. A Champ'oa mt
1 Thought tul. Troth.
Ij A CALIFORNIA MWSPAPEB
3 All THE TIME.
3 IT ADVOCATES I SENT Bl
°) HOME MAIL, St
O{ WOUSTRltS j AYUH. <
AUCTION SALES
AMERICAN AUCTION CO.,
517 MARKET ST.. opposite Battery.
TUESDAY, at 10 o'clock a. m.. March 12, 1301,
At salesrooms, S17 Market at.
$25,000 WORTH GOVERN-
MENT TENTS, ETC.
By order of headquarters the following Gov-
ernment property direct from the Presidio:
30(i0 Tents;. 2000 Duck Wag-on Covers. Flys. etc. j
50 sets Double and Single Harness and Leads;
Camp Tools; 3 Government Mules; 3 Army
Wagons, etc.
AMERICAN* AUCTION CO.. Auctioneers.
NOTE— All this tentage is nearly new. -hav-
ing been used but a short time on the military
reservation of San Francisco. Goods will be
on Inspection with catalogue on sale, Friduy
March 8, 1901.
' C. E. DAVIS, Auctioneer.WIDUP GETS SIX MONTHS.— Ernest Widup,
ex-bellboy at the Colonial Hotel, was sentenced
to six months In the County Jail by Judge Con-
Ian yesterday for stealing a diamond pin be
longing to O. E. Fell, one of the guests, V
Home Friends' Council.
Century Council ' No. 1 of the -Home
Friend?, an organization that ,has been
started in the East as tho successor of the
Chosen Friends, was instituted last night
in the Foresters' building b" M. Boehm.
deputy supreme organizer. The new coun
cil starts in^. with forty-eight charter
members.
Good Effects in Framing.
The most charming effects in natural
wopd mouldings in tMe dull Flemish and
polished finishes. Many new things . in
mat boards recently added. • Tiny blacks,
grays, greens, mahogany and gilt mould
ings, used for framing small pictures, pro
duce beautiful gems for wall decorations
at very reasonable prices. Sanborn," Vail
& Co.. lil Market street.: :' •
George W. Tyler, who claims to have
been employed by the Forepaugh circus,
made a desperate, but unsuccessful at
tempt to terminate his existence yester
day at the Revere House, at 675 Mission
street. When he was found by the pro
prietor he was sitting In the hallway,
bleeding profusely from two ugly wounds
which he had inflicted upon himself. One
of tfie wounds, which was an ugly gash,
dangerously near the jugular vein, ex
tended from his left ear down to the cen
ter of the larynx, while the other was
a ragged cut at the apex of the heart.
The wounds were made with* a razor,
which was subsequently found • upon his
person. The Injured . man was removed
to the Receiving Hospital, where his
wounds were dressed. Tne, doctors who
attended to his case entertain little hope
of preserving his life. He Is a natlv* of
Virginia, 25 years of age according to his
statement. Despondency and lack "of em
ployment were the causes of his act.
Cuts Himself With a Razor,
Perhaps Fatally.
GEORGE W. TYLER TRIES
TO COMMIT SUICIDE
Despondent and Without "Work, He
Father McLoughlin's Last Lecture.
Father Thomas^AfcLoughlin, the .gifted
singer, who has recently given several en
tertaining musical lectures in this city,
will appear for the last time before his
departure for the East at Metropolitan
Hall to-night. The subject of the lecture
v:ili be "The Melodies of the Church,"
relative to recent discussions on appro
priate church music. The time set" for
the lecture is S:30 o'clock, so that those
who' attend I>enten services may have an
oi-portunlty to be present
BRITISH-AMERICANS
LISTEN TO "BARNES
Orator Says That Airships Will in
Future Determine Conflicts Be
tween Fighting Nations.
In his address before the British-Amer
ican Union at the Academy of Sciences
Hall last night. General W. H. L. Barnes
referred humorously to the airship as a
factor In coming wars, .but said at the
game time that the Boer-British conflict
miKht be the last one.
Miss M. Ordway rendered a piano solo,
Mrs. T. Keiiy sang and Hugh Davis ren
dered several selections. A quartet, com
posed of Mrs. J. J. Newbegln, Miss Taub
man. Dr. Dodgeworth and J. C. Sanchez,
was enthusiastically received. , .
Dr. P. W. d'Evelyn was the last speaker
and called the attention of the audience
to the fact that the British-American
Union on May 24 'would. hold n memorial
service in honor of the late Queen Vic
toria. The doctor also stated that he was
Interested in the formation of the British-
Air.erican Rifles, a new organization that
is intended to promote rifle shooting and
club life among British residents in Cali
fornia. He invited all desirous of Joining
to call upon him.
ANTI-LYNCHING BILL
PASSES INDIANA HOUSE
Sheriff Must Vacate Offica After a
Crime Until He Proves He
Was Not Remiss.
INDIANAPOLIS, Ind., March 6.—Sena
tor Barlow's anti-lynclilng bill was parsed
In the House this aftemoor. by a vote of
51 to 37. It provide.3 that the* office of
Sheriff shall be vacated whenever a pris
oner in his charge is lynched I and th9
Sheriff must show, to the satisfaction of
the Governor that he was not remiss in
duty before he Is restored to office.
ST. PATRICK'S DAY PROGRAMME— Kt.
T«r«»s4i.'e Parish will celebrate St. Patrick's
<!ay thla year by a dramatic entertainment In
Ft. Teresa's Hall. Potrero, on the nirht of
March 16. Pnecial fnufic, consisting: v.t Iri?h
kobct.. will be rt-ndr-r'-d by membori! of tli*»
jariFh and "The toady's Century Minstrel
Company" will present a. drama depicting
Bouthf-ra plantation life.
Cesaire Barthe Dies Suddenly.
Cesaire Darthe. aged 70 years, died sud
denly last night Jn a lodging-house, at 230
Montgomery street, from heart failure.
Tne Coroner was at once notified and the
body removed to the Morgue. Barthe at
one time was a lecturer on chemistry at
the University of California.
CONSUL GENEBAL CONEY
7 CONTRADICTS REPORT
Letter Thp.t Life of Mexican
President Has Not Been in
Danger.
Consul General Coney of Mexico denies
that there is any truth in an article pub
lished in El Paso and telegraphed to this
city to the effect that an attempt had been
made upon the life of President Diaz.
Concerning the report Consul General
Coney writes as follows:
In this morning's issue of The Call there ap
pears an article copied from an El Paso paper
referring 1 to a reported attempt on the life of
General Diaz. Kindly allow me Epace to most
emphatically deny the statements published. I
can assure you that no attempt either by slow
poison or otherwise has been made on 'the life
of the Chief Executive of Mexico. I have re
ceievd a personal communication from him
within the last few days dated at Cuernavaca,
where he had cone on a two weeks' hunting
trip. He had riot taken a vacation of such
length in years. It is not to be believed that a
man of such sagacity and energy who has
guided the Mexican ship of state with a firm
hand for . a quarter of a century would leave
the rudder in a squally time. Therefore the fear
of a revolution in Mexico ia entirely groundless.
Very respectfully. A. K. CONEY,
i Consul General of Mexico.
Boy Burglars in Court.
Eddie Hone and Harry Martin, two boy
burglars, were sent to the Roys' and Girls'
Aid Society by Judge Fritz yesterday
They are «.ach about 33 years of a'ge and
last Sunday nipht il.ty broke into a cigar
stand at 1636 Market street and stole a
ruaniity of tobacco and cigarettes. Then
ti.ey broke into a bootblack stand at E!ev
riith and Markot streets and stole a pair
•or shots. They were arrested by Police
man Tillman. Martin's parents live at 227
liryant street and Rowe's parents at 42
.Albert etrtet.
CONLIN BUDTED BY
BETTING ON RACES
Embezzling New York Postal Clerk
Attributes His Downfall to the
Bookmakers.
Joseph A. Conlin, the embezzling postal
clerk who was arrested last Tuesday
night by Postal Inspectors C. C. James
and J. E. Jacobs of New York City, was
delivered into the custody of United State3
Marshal Shine yesterday. Inspector
Jacobs, for the purposes of the extra
dition, swore to auomplalnt against Con
lin, charging him with embezzlement.
The prisoner will be taken this morning
before United States Court Commissioner
Heacock to have a time set for the ex
amination. He will not resist the extra
dition proceedings, ab he has made a full
confession to the inspectors who arrested
him. He told them also that he received
only $300 of the 137.000 taken from the
plundered registered pouch, the remainder
having been taken by his partner, whose
identity he refused to disclose.
Conlin said his crime was prompted by
a desire to retrieve his losses In betting
on the races. He escaped from New York
with a young woman named Sarah Don
nelley, leaving his v/Jfe and two children
for the woman whose acquaintance he
made at the racetrack. His wife has sued
him for a divorce. The New York in
spectors were aided materially in tracing
the fugitive by Chi?f Munro and Inspector
Erwin of this city.
Assistant Undertakers Organize.
Presidr-nt M. W. Coffey of the Hack
men's Association assisted in oriranizing
the assistant undertakers into a labor
union last night. The meeting was held
at the haekmen's headquarters. 375 Jessie
street, whore the following officers were
electeu: President. L. E. Osborn; vice
president; A. G. Maass: recording secre
tary. J. W. Maladay; financial secretary,
V.'.J. Thrope: treasurer. E. \V. Bnwian;
sergeant ot arms. R. E. Murphy. Twen
ty-Dlne members signed the roll. The or-
Kanlzation will make application for mem
bersbip in the Labor Council at Its next
meeting.
Great excitement . was evident around
the railroad building yesterday over the
announcement that E. H. FItzhugh of the
Central Vermont road was on his way to
the coast to accept a position at the hands
of President Hays with the Southern Pa
cific Company.
Fitzhugh is a railroad man of ability
and, like Hays, has risen from the ranks.
He is also a high priced man, and deep
conjectures are being made as to whose
position he is to take. The choice seems
to lie between Fillmore and Kruttschnitt,
and from present indications it looks a.s
if the latter will be the man to go.
Kruttschnltt is an Importation from the
East, a Huntington protege, and was
placed in a high position in the. Southern
Pacific by Huntington regardless of all
rules of promotion. The "knockers" are
busy saying that Kruttschnitt should lose
his position as general manager for a
number of reasons. . They claim, that
Kruttschnitt is a wonder to dally with
paper and pencil and that he is a statisti
cian with few equals, but when he is
called upon, to deliver the goods he is sad
ly lacking. Kruttschnitt at one time made
out a stupendous report that showed that
the Southern Pacific ran over less men
than any road in the Union, but he failed
to consider, so railroad men say, the most
important point, and that is that Califor
nia is . not densely populated, and that
consequently tho road ran less risk than
do the roads in Eastern States.
Hays, so it is claimed, has no use for
the Collls Huntingdon proteges, .and upon
his return to San Francisco a number of
changes are anticipated. . Killmore is gen
erally-conceded to be secure in his posi
tion on account of his practical knowl
edge.
R. P. Schwerin is also scheduled to go.
He is at present in charge of the purchase
of supplies for the Southern Pacific. He
was appointed to the position he now
holds owing to his social connections with
the late Collis P. Huntington. Who will
take this fat position with its J9000 a year
is a conjecture, but there are a number of
men who have prown gray in the service
who are capable of filling it, among them
being J. W. Dayan, Dick Stevens and Alex
Center. '¦:: '*: ' .-\. : J
D. 0. MILLS ABBIVES
FOR A SHORT VISIT
Says He Will Still Retain Position ao
Director of Southern Pacific
v , Railroad.
D. O. Mill%k arrived last evening from
New York. He Is at present staying at
his country place, at Mlllbrae, where he
will rest for a few days before 'comlne to
this city.
Mr. Mills was seen last evening at the
OakJand mole on his special car. He said
that his trip out here was simply a busi
ness one to look into his many interests
in California. He expects to remain about
a month. Before he leaves for tho East
he will meet President Hays. He will re
tain his position as a . director of the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
E. H. Pitzhugh Believed to
•Bs Slated for General
Manager's Placs.
HAYS MAY DROP
KRUTTSCHNITT
clear: track fast, ttesults:
First race, six furlongs, selling'— Pauline J.
won. Quaver second, Bleanor Howard third.
Time. 1:15.
~ Second race, mile and an eighth, selling — Sti
ver Coin won. Sarllla second. Red Plrata third.
Time, 1:5&.
Third race, steeplechase, short course— Don
Clarencio won. Dtvertlsement .second. Bristol
third. Time, 3:09.
Fourth race, tho Lightning stakes, flv« fur
lorncs-The Hoyden won, Ardlta second. Fuller
third. Time, 1:021,-
Flfth race. mile, handicap— Cluster won,
Johnnie McCarty .second. Plcadoi^ third. Tlma.
1:42.
Sixth race, six furlon?«, selling— Clalos won,
Laureata second. Lady Contrary third. Time^
1:15U- ' '
Results at New Orleans.
NEW ORLEANS. March 6.— WeatnfiT
PHOENIX, Ariz., March 6.— In a. riot
over a cocking main near Colorado, about
150 miles south of the Mexican line, on
Sunday, four Americans were injured
two probably fatally. Herman Cheno
wlth. a railroader, suffered a fractured
skull, and a mining man may die from in
ternal Injuries.
The Americans had backed winning
cocks and were drinking in a saloon when
attacked 'by a party of Mexicans. After
the Americans beat off their assailants
officers appeared and put them under ar
rest. They resisted, but were clubbed
into submission and dragged to jail. An
Investigation has been demanded of
hipher Mexican officials, and in the mean
time the Americans are in Jail. One Mex
ican was seriously injured.
Americans Baat Mexicans and Are
Thrown Into Prison.
RIOT AT A COCKING MAIN.
JUDGMENT ON BIO NOTE.— A Judgment on
a promissory note for |68,S33 23. in favor of
Alexander Herman and against the Pacific Jut*
Manufacturing Company, was Riven in tta« Su
perior Court yesterday. Execution under .ta»
judgment was issued.
WELL-KNOWN PHYSICIAN
DIES IN SWITZERLAND
Dr. Bazan, Former Proprietor cf Sut
ter Street Baths. Stricken
While Traveling.
Wrr<1 was received in this city yester
iay of the death in Switzerland of. Dr.
; '( rnand Bazan, a prominent physician.
" uho practiced for years in this city. His
leaxh occurred In GMcn sur Montreaux
March «.
Dr. Bazan became crominent here sev
eral years ago as the proprietor of the
Sutter-Ftreet Hammam baths. He was a
:>;itive o* Cuua ani !s survived by his
wite -
s-hort stories. His name was familiar to
the readers of Sunday supplements and
magazines.
Mr. Carrington first attracted attention
while editor of the Penny Press, a small
but excellent newspaper, which he con
ducted in Santa Cruz. When he sold out
his interest In that journal he came to this
city and contributed stories and articles
to The Call. He was subsequently made
Sjnday editor and he produced a supple
ment of literary merit. He resigned to
accept a similar position on another pa
per. His short stories published by the
Black Cat Publishing Company were
widely read and greatly enjoyed. lie pos
sessed a vivid imagination and he de
veloped a plot with groat ability. Time
and again he was awarded first prize for
his stories. lie recently completed a
novel, which was accepted by a leading
Eastern* publishing house.
The funeral will bo. held from Mr. Car
rinpton's late residence this afternoon at
4 o'clock. ¦' .
The police have a mvstery to deal with
and are vainly trying to solve it. Last
Monday morning when the family of
Thomas Greenan-. the well-known tailor,
who lives at 27 Sanchez street, repaired
to the dining-room lor beakfast they
were surprised to see a coat and vest and
an old hat which did not belonc to tho
male members of the family lying care
lessly on a table. In one. of the pockets
of the vest was a gold watch>
Unable to solve the mystery of the pres
ence of the clothing ain.hat,' which might
have belonged to a burglar or an intoxi
cated individual who had got into the
wrong house. Mr. Grecr.an at once com
menced an "investigation," with the re
sult that he discovered a pair of well
worn shoes which, had evidently been
thrown away by the owner. They were on
the rear porch. The rear door was open,
but there was nothing to" show that it
had been forced. Footprints in the ad
joining yard convinced Greenan that the
stranger who had left part of his attire,
together with his gold timepiece, in his
house had climbed ov_r a high fence in
the rear of his home .ind then trained an
entrance. - •
Why the stranger should remove his
outer garments, providing, he was a burg
lar, is. indeed, mystifying, particularly to
Captain Seymour's sleuths. The head of
the Detective Department is determined
to solve the mystery and to-day he will
send his men to interview all the clothiers
in the city with a view of having the coat
and vest Identified. If successful he is
reasonably, certain of solving the mystery
of the "find."
Midnight Visitor at a Resi
denes Leaves Clothes
and Watch.
>^ARROLL CARRINGTON, one of
/T the best known newspaper and
II. . magazine writers on this coast,
passed away at his residence yes
terday after an illness of three
weeks. Death was due to injuries he had
received in falling down stairs. Mr.
Carrlngton was physically weak and
in descending: the steep stairway at his
home at 431 Bartlett street some weeks
ago he lost his footing and fell quite a
distance. He was completely shaken up
by the fq.ll and was compelled to seek his
bed. Internal complications set in and
despite the best medical attention he suc
cumbed.
Mr. Carrlngton enjoyed great popularity
as a writer. His stories were brilliant and
showed he possessed a keen insight Into
human nature. For the past three years
he had been doing special work for the
Examiner. ¦ He also wrote some excellent
MYSTERIOUS FIND
BAFFLES POLICE
THE LATE CARROLL CARRINGTON. THE TALENTED JOURNALIST,
WHO WON FAME AS A WRITER OF SHORT STORIES AND SPECIAL
NEWSPAPER ARTICLES.
i. *
EECRUITS FROM BOWERY
UNDER STRONG GUARD
Leaders in Disturbances Will Be
Court-Martialed and Severely
Punished.
The recruits whose mutinous conduct en
route from Fort Slocum, New York, to
this city caused the officers commanding
them all sorts of trouble, are encamped
at the Presidio and the tents devoted to
their use" are surrounded by an armed
guard. They are greatly subdued since
their arrival here and present little evi
dence of the numerous battles with con
stables, deputy sheriffs and Uncle Sam's
regulars.
Six of the most turbulent spirits have
betn arrested and placed in the guard
house and it is expected that the confine
ment of these men will cause the others to
restrain their propensities for rioting.
Major R. T. "Yeatman, .when asked for
particulars of the trip yesterday, was very
much averse to giving any, but admitted
fretly that it was a rough one. He said
there was little trouble with the men un
til the train was delayed at Ennls, Tex.,
vhere they secured a quantity of liquor
and a number of them became intoxicat
ed. Previous to the arrival at the Texas
town there had been- several rows, but
they were quelled without much difficulty.
There, however, the men got beyond con
trol, the tiresome wait affording them op
portunity to get drunk.
Every effort was made to keep the men
in the cars, but the force in charge was
too small and they did about as they
pleased until a strong guard was received
at San Antonio. The men were then sub
dued, but not until several of them had
received rough handling. The reinforce
ments from Fort Houston were in com
mand of Lieutenant L. P. Shindel. The
men who were injured in the tights are all
being treated at the general hospital and
in a few days will be rea-dy to appear be
fore a board for trial on a charge ot
drunkenness and disobedience of orders.
Troop C. Fifth Cavalry, under command
of Captain McClure. arrived at the Pre
sidio yesterday mornlner. The troop has
been on duty at Fort Wtngate, New Mex
ico, and will remain at the^ PresWio until
available transportation can be had to
Manila,
Edward Bouton. an unasslgned recruit,
died yesterday at the general hospital
from pneumonia.
SAN JOSE. March 6.— For the fonrth
time a jury has heard the evidence against
ex-Constable Frederick Begerow of Al
viso, who shot and killed Joseph Cech
and August Berger at the brewers' picnic
here on July 15 las*, without returning a
verdict. The last jury came Into Judge
Lorigan's court this evening, after hav
ing been locked up for thirty hours, and
reported that it coul/i not agree on a ver
dict. The Jurors were discharged. They
stood seven for manslaughter to five for
acquittal.
Constable Begerow had attended the
brewers' picnic and while there arrested
George Schmidt, who had created a dis
turbance. As he started to leave the
grounds Cech and Berger took the pris
oner away and beat Uegerow. He warned
them to desist, but they kept attacking
him. Begerow then drew his revolver
and after firing on? shot in the air killed
both men.
The first trial was Interrupted by the
flight of Juror B. Benjamin for Australia
just as the case was ready to go to the
jury. There were six for acquittal and
six for manslaughter at the second trial,
and on the third the Jury stood eight to
four for acquittal. The first three trials
were for the munlc;- of Cech and tho
fourth was for the killing of Berger.
It is believed Begerow will not ba tried
syrain and that the charges will be dis
missed. The- four trials have coat tha
county SOX). Th* Brewers" Union, of
which Cech and Berger were members,
hired special attorneys to aid the Dis
trict Attorney in ti.e prosecution.
Sevan Vote for Manslaughter
and Fiv» Favor an
Acquittal.
Carter Harrison Nominated.
CHICAGO. Mareh_ 6.— Carter H. Harri
son has been nominated for Mayor of Chi
cago for a third term by the Democratic
City Convention.
FOURTH BEGEM
JURY DISAGREES
Cattlemen Discuss Methods
for th§ Protection of
the Ranges.
DENVER, March 6.-The question of
the leasing of the arid lands of the open
range to stock growers has come, to the
front among the subjects to be considered
at the convention of cattle growers now
being held in this city, although it was
rfot mentioned in the call for the conven
tion. . :
Colonel John P. Irish of California in
troduced resolutions advising leasehold
control and Government protection of the
public range.
The committoe on credentials presented
two reports, the majority In favor of rec
ognizing proxies held by delegates and
the minority opposed to so doing. G. F.
Patrick of Pueuio. ex-Senator Carey of
"Wyoming and lormer Congressman Kerr
of Nebraska, now of Mcntrose, Coio.,
Kj'oke against allowing proxies to be
voU'd. Colonel Irish spoke In support of
the majority report, in favor of proxies,
which was finally adopted by a vote of 14>>
to 46. There ar^ over seventy-five proxies
in the convention, mainly from California
and Nevada.
This afternoon the question of admitting
cattlemen who are 'also engaged in the
handling of sheep was the subject cf dis
cussion. A test is beingr made on Henry
Miller of the flrm of Milier & Lux. the
millionaire cattle and sheep men of Cali
fornia, and I. P. Miller, a banker of Wyo
ming, who bandies both cattie and sheep.
After the adoption of tne constitution and
by-lavrs. over which th'-re is to be a lively
light, the leasirs question will come up.
and If the convention ia successful ;n get
ting through with that proposition with
out a split it may be considered as, firmly
organized, but the feelii.Jf is very strong
and it is a question yet whether there will
be an organization or not.
At the night t-ession the only work done
was the selection of a new executive com
mittee. A committeeman and an alternate
from each State represonted were chosen,
as follows, the first name in eacn case
being the committeeman:
Arizona. A. J. Xesbit. R. G. Brady: Cali
fornia, K. C. Lusk: Colorado, George P.
Smith, Conrad Schaeffer; Idaho, Frank Benke,
Thomas Keough; Iowa, George A. Keehne;
Missouri, M. D. Kogers. H. C. Duncan; New
Mexico, \V. H. Jack. W. IT. Howery; Nebras
ka, E. W. Speed. E. J. Simonson; North Da
kota, E. C. Huedekofer: Kansas. George W.
Afldison: Oregon. John Gilchrist. J. S. Devine;
South Dakota. F. M. Stewart, G. E. Lemmon;
Texas, I. J. Gllmore. Richard Walsh; Wyom
ing M Bowie. Henry Gray; Utah. N. K. Par
sons, W, L. White; Nevada, A. C. Cleveland.
N. H. ' A. Mason.
After the convention adjourned until to
morrow the old executive committee met
to finish its business. The Irish resolu
tions, in favor of leasing the public lands,
were discussed and the committee decided
to report them favorably to the conven
tion to-mcrrow. F. C. Goudy of Denver
was the only member vrho voted against
the resolutions. He offered resolutions
against leaslnir. but these were promptly
voted down. The convention will hold Its
closinp session to-morrow, after which the
executive committee will hold its first
meeting.
Boy Shoots Himself.
STOCKTON, March 6.-Earl Parks, the
9-year T old son of Mr. and Mrs. I. C. Parks,
accidentally discharged a revolver he was
playing with this afternoon, killing him
self almost instantly.
LAND LEASING
THEIR THEME
FE0M0TI0XS IN THE
LEAGUE OF THE CROSS
Deserving Young Iilen Are Given Ad
vancement in the Well-Known
Begiment. O
Th*> board of directors of the League of
the Cross Cadets has commissioned the
following officers in their respective com
panies:
Serpeant Patrick McCarthy of Company A
to be first lieutenant of Company A; Corporal
.Tohn H. Wilson of Company A to be second
liputrnant of Company A; Perpeant J. A. Rid
drll of Company M to 1«» captain of Company
M. vire Captain A. :S. Mclntyre: Serjrrant A.
H. Hcnno of Company M to be first lieutenant
of Company M, vice Lieutenant Adams, re-
Fisrncd.
The following appointments nn the staff
of Colonel K. J. Power are announced:
F^cond Lieutenant John T. Donohue of Com
pany D to be captain and inspector, vice Cap
tain D. J. McCarthy, deceased; Lieutenant J.
II. Sranlan. regimental commissary, to be cap
tain and ir.si-i-ctor: Second Lieutenant Thomas
Branson cf Company K to be first lieutenant
and commissary, vice Lieutenant J. H. Scan
laa, promoted.
Lieutenant Branson has 'been an active
worker for the temperance cause in Com
pany K for many years and has a host of
friends throughout the regimtnt. Captain
Scania n has been connected with the-regi
nent since its organizations He is a char
ter member of Company G and was also
itfi lieutenant, lie was appointed com
miFsary of the regiment when Colonel
Power assumed command and hi? cour
teous ways .have endeared him to officers
and men alike.
Captain Donohue enlisted In Company
I> early in 1S36 and has been a constant
worker for the cause ever eince. He has
advanced through all the grades of the
•"non-com." solely on his merits and was
but recently commissioned gr-cond lieuten
ant of Company D. He has many friends
:n and out of the regiment and is consid
ered one of the most popular and efficient
I takers in the service.
The promotions tak<- effect immediately.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call,
PORTLAND. March 6.-Charles N.
Scott, treasurer of Trinity ' Episcopal
parish, was arrested to-night for em
bezzling $1500 of church funds, of which
he was custodian. The complaint was or
dered made by a surety company, which
supplied his bond. Trinity is the most
prominent and fashionable church in
Portland and embraces in its membership
most of the local four hundred. It is now
preparing to celebrate its semi-centennial
a few weeks hence. The arrest created no
small sensation.
Mr. Scott, the defaulting treasurer, has
lived here more than twenty years and
until to-nfgrht had an unblemished reputa
tion. He was auditor of the Oreeonian
Railway Company (now a part of the
Southern Pacific's system in Oregon) for
several years and afterward receiver of
the company. Later he went into the real
estate business and is now larpoly inter
ested in irrigation enterprises in South
eastern Oregon." *
He has always moved in the best social
circles and was particularly active in the
Sunday School ¦work connected with the
Episcopal church and was elected presi
dent of the County Sunday School Con
vention last year.
The discovery of Irregularities In his ac
counts was made by the vestry about a
month ago. Investigation showed that he
had not only withdrawn all the funds on
deposit in the Security Bank, but as treas
urer of the parish hsu overdrawn the ac
count. He promised to make restitution
and the vestry extended him the oppor
tunity, but the surety company Insisted
on criminal proceedings and this after
noon James LaJdlav., British Consul, one
of the vestry, swor-i to the complaint.
Scott was taken to police headquarters
and locked up for the night. He declined
to make a statement or to see a reporter.
A member of the' vestry said that Scott,
when the defalcation was discovered, de
clared he did not know what he had done
with the money. To this statement he
persistently clung and a charitable view
is that he is insane. He is about 55, is
married and has grown children.
Fails to Account for Money in His
Custody and a Surety Company
Compels Him to Go to
Prison.
Treasurer of Trinity Epis
copal Church at Portland
Is Arrested.
PILFERS FUNDS
OF THE PARISH
Adverse Winds Carry It Out of SI<jUt
Before Those on the Beach
Can Learn Her
Identity.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, March 6.— The hull of a
wrecked vessel was seen on November 20
in an immense icefloe near Sledge Island,
Alaska. The discovery was .made by peo
ple living: on the beach near the mouth,
of Penny River, and In the distance the
object appeared to be a large sailing ves
sel. That she had passed through thrill
ing and disastrous experiences was made
evident by her condition above deck. Her
spars were broken off and her rigging hsul
been swept away.
People gathered and eagerly waited for
the wreck to come ashore. At daybreak
it was moving toward the main land and
It was believed that the mystery of lifo
and death would soon be explained. At
noon, however, the wind shifted and tho
big hull was carried out to sea by the Ice.
All efforts to figure out the identity of the
strange craft failed. T. R. Jones, who
brought the news to Nome, said:
"The color of th - e hull appeared to be
black and the only spar remaining was
the bowsprit. About ten days ago a quan
tity of merchandise was washed ashore
near the mouth of Penny River. There*
were crates of etegs and other kinds of
supplies. It may be that these goods came
from one of the lighters which lost pood*
while unloading last fall, but th© appear
ance of the ship raised a doubt on this
point."
Wrecked Ship Appears Off
the Shore of Sledge
Island.
DERELICT FAST
IN AM ICEFLOE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, March 6.— A number of the
Porto. Ricans who were induced by the
Examiner to violate their contract and re
main in California while on their way to
the Hawaiian Islands are about to become
county charges. These people -were led to
believe they would practically become
slaves, and they refused to ship from San
Francisco to the Islands. Agents of the
Examiner were asked to find homes for
some of them .n this county, and several
persons took the Porto Rlcans upon the
representation that they would make
good orchard laborers.
Ex-Supervisor John S. Selby was in
duced to take an entire family to work on
his orchard and berry farm. A man and
wife and two children were sent to him.
These have been Indolent, lazy and use
less and have been a. failure as farm la
borers in Santa Clara County. The man
is suffering from eczema. Selby has tired
of supporting them and has made applica
tion to the Board of Supervisors for the
relief of the family. He wants a place
provided for them and provisions for their
support.
This the Supervisors have refused, on
the ground that, they were not residents
of this county and were brought here to
work on a ranch with the understanding
that they would be taken care of.
Santa Clara County Is Asked to Care
for Islanders Who "Were Of
fered Homes in
Hawaii.
Y«llow Journalism's Recent
¦;.. Achievement Biars
Fruit.
MAKES PAUPERS
OF PORTO RICANS
James Hill Said to Be Seek
ing Control of the Bur- .
lington.
NEW YORK, March 6.— The Commer
cial Advertiser says: The heavy buying
of Chicago, Burlington and Quincy Rail
road shares within the paat few days is
partly explained to-day by the report
from a trustworthy source that James J.
Hill and his friends have been seeking to
obtain control of this property in the in
terest of the Great Northern and North
ern Pacific. Wall street operators say
that both the Union Pacific and the
Northern Pacific interests have secured
sufficient stock to be entitled to represen
tation in the board of control.
The efforts of outside parties to secure
control of the Chicago, Burlington^ and
Quincy have been stoutly resisted by some
of the largest stockholders, who have been
connected with the property for many
years and who have a strong faith in its
future growth. These inside Interests
have thus far prevented the newcomers
from securing a majority of the Burling
ton stock. Whether their resistance to a
change in the control will continue to be
effective remains to be seen.
It is an Interesting fact that one of the
strongest interests in Burlington, which is
seeking to preserve the independence of
that prpperty, is the same interest that
was largely instrumental in preventing J.
P. Morsran and James J. Hill from get
ting control of the Chicago, Milwaukee
and St. Paul Railroad.
The report that the Pennsylvania Rail
road interests were buying Burlington
shares Is authoritatively denied by repre
sentatives of ihat company. The Penn
sylvania, people say that they have now
all the railroad property they want.
SALT LAKE, March 6.— The Tribune to
morrow morning will s.ay: It can be au
thoritatively announced that the Harri
man (syndicate has not bought the R:o
Grande Western nor is there the slightest
probability of such a purchase. On the
other hand it cannot be denied that a bis
Rio Grande Western deal ia on the tapis,
and although it may be well Into the sum
mer before it is fully consummated yet
the examination just made by the experts
Is for the purpose of effecting such a plan.
The Rip Grande Western, it can be added,
will remain a most decided factor in Utah
railroad circles and in the transcontinen
tal situation. '
NEW YORK, March 6.— The Mail and
Express to-day cays: Some large West
ern shippers of freight complain that it Is
now useless to make the rounds of the
various railroad offices looking for con
cessions on shipments from Chicago to
Pacific Coast points, for example.
RAILROAD MEN
IN A NEW DEAL
, This is pointed to as one of the Imme
diate results of the bankers' agreements
for the division of all the railroads of the
United States into groups, or community
of ownership. It means that the advisory
board of a half-dozen men now hold the
reins, and whenever rates need adjusting
the qrtlers emanate from this body of
bankers who appointed the committee.
There are no longer any long wrangles
of traffic officials. These men are instruct
ed, to get together and make such tariffs
of such changes in the rates as the bank
ers' committee, or perhaps the presidents
themselves, think ought to be made. A3
a result the machinery works as smoothly
as if there were only one great system
Instead of many independent ones.
Some railroad authorities think the in
creased revenue, by reason of the abolish
ment of rate cutting and because of a few
small advances in tariffs, will amount to
550,000,000 or more a year. According to
one authority the losses to the railroads
annually for the payment of commissions
used to run into the millions, and as a
rule" the general public did not benefit cor
respondingly. Again, the- community of
ownership method has reduced rivalry to
a minimum, and It has been possible to
run fewer trains and make less extrava
gant concessions, In order to secure busi
ness.
Old-Time Wrangles Among the Rival
Traffic Officials. Are Rendered
Impossible by a New
System. "^ ;
Freight Shippers Complain
r That Concessions Are
Not to Be Had.
BANKERS RULE
THE RAILROADS
FpecUl Dispatch to The Call.
SAX JOSE. March «.— The $10,000 libel
F.ult of Sheriff Mansfield of San Mateo
County apainst D. K. O'Keefe. editor of
the Redwood City Times-Gazette, will be
called for trial before Judge Lorigan to
morrow morning. Thf action grows out
of an article published by OKeefe. in
¦which he accused Sheriff Mansfield and
Judpe Buck of the Superior Court of
that county of aiding In clearing Con
stable Frank Desirello of the charge of
killir.p James Johnson, a boy, at Culoma
in 1K<«.
Johnson and two other boys were going
past In a v.-agon, bound for a trip to the
country, when the constable hailed them.
and 1411011 they refused to stop I>esirello
t-hot and killed Johnson. ! Two trials re
sulted in disagreements.
O'Keofe charged that Hesirello was a
"lickspittle" for Mansfield and Buck:
that the^e officers pave no assistance in
prosecuting the charge against him and
nided him to escape punishment. Sheriff
Mansfield alleges these statements have
.lamaged him to the extent of <19,000.
Demands Damages Because the
Times-Gazette Accused- Him of
Shielding Alleged
Criminals.
Mansfield's Suit Against
Redwood City Editor
Comes Up To-Day.
SHERIFF CLAIMS
HE WAS LIBELED
LME SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, THTJJKSpAY, MAKCH 7, 1901.
Well-Known Story Writer and Journal
ist Succumbs to Injuries Received
in Falling Downstairs at His Home
CARROLL CARRINGTON
IS CALLED BY DEATH
9
Strong nerve.. They are the fountain "My nervous system -was In such- a con-*,
from which flows all "the energy, all the ditioa I could not endure the click of a
strength and all the vital powers of the clock, the least noise would startle me and
body/ Strong nerves overcome tho weak- perspiration would stand out on my face
nesses and disorders of the system and give . like beads. When I first began taking Dr.
to the 6tep a springiness, to tho eye a Miles* Nervine I had wasted to 120 pounds
brightness and to the mind a clearness that and "was bedfast most or the time. I took
they can get from no other source. If you • six bottles altogether when my health' was
are tired and nervous, irritable, restless, restored and my weight, increased to 205
nin-down and sleepless, build up youi pounds." 'G. "VV. Colgrove,
' worn-out nerves with , • * . Plattsburg, N. Y,
,It is a brain-food and nerve- restorer without an equal; and it ndurishes, fortifies and refreshes
; bbtb : body and mind; as nothing elso can. ' Kow is the time to begin.
Sold by all druggists on a guarantee* Dr. Miles Medical Co., Elkhaxt, Ind.
GRAPE-NTTTS.
FEED CHILDREN
On Properly Selected Food. It Pays
Big Dividends.
If parents •wi'i give just a little Intelli-
gent thought to the feeding of their chil-
dren the difference in the health of the
little folks will pay, many times over, for
th" small trouble.
A mother writes paying:" "Our. children
ere all so much better and stronger than
they have ever been since we made a
change In the character of the food. We
have quit using potatoes three times a
day, v.ith coffee and 60 much meat. Now
T\e give the Mttle folks come fruit, either
fresh, ftewed or canned, some Grape-
Nuts with cream, occasionally some soft-
boiled ccrs and some Postum Food Coffee
for breakfast and supper. Then for din-
ner they ha\-e tome meat and vegetables.
3t would be hard to realize the change in
the children, they have grown fo sturdy
rr.d strong, and we attribute this change
to the food i-ltmenu that. I understand,
exist in «rape-Nuts ard Postum.
"A short time ago my baby was teeth-
ing and }iad a preat deal of stomach and
bowel trouble. Nothing- seemed to agree
vith him until I tried Grape-Nuts soft-
ened and mixed with rich milk,, and h«
Improved rapidly and got sturdy arid
well." Gratefully, Mm. .Oakes. N. D.
?^ame given upon application to Postum
Cereal Co., Battle Creek, Mich.THE SAN. FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 7, lyui.
10
nCSIXESS CnAXCES — CONTINUED.
. AA— HCO: grand opportunity for lady or gent.;
location perfect: cigars, periodicals, net ions.
' Waiting-room. 23d ave. station. E. Oakland.
FOR sale cheap: paying restaurant; price $310;
rent |lu; the owner has other business: must
sell. Addr'eFB 12 WaFhlngton St., or cail be-
tweon il nnd 1 o'clock dally.
OITSIPE route on Ibis paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
LARGE outride route (No. 10) for Vale. Apply
¦ t CaM business offlce.
FOR sale— A steam laundry in the Sacramento
Valley fioinp a business frcra \ $100 to $150 per
week: no other laundry within 50 miles. Box
1C45. Call offlce. ¦
GOOI» paying, old-established lumber bu*tr.e»=s;
Including sawmill, timber lands, yards, lum-
ber Etocli. donkey engine, horse teams, etc.
H. A- F. L. COOPER. Nevada City. Cal.
A— tlOO; I'ARTNKR wanted: light business;
must be satisfied with J1S to K5 a week: no
experience required. 25 Geary st., room 1.
WOOD. ccal. hay and grain yard. phPd, horse,
waeon, i»tc. ; Fold on account of sickness. Ap-
ply 3UI Twenty-fourth St.
ELECTRIC business for sale; long established;
pood line of trade; parties going north. Box
8X8. Call office.
FOR pa!e — Barber Fhop: good town; Alameda
Co.; bargain. Apply S55 Chester St.. Oakland. ,
COFFEE saloon for s^ie, cheap. Apply 1C30
Turk st.. near Fillmore.
FIRST-CLAPS saloon for pule: centrally lo-
catrd. A'pply box 2093. Call offlce.
V.'AKTF.P-An experienced partner for tailoring
buFinff5. Bo* 211S, Call.
GROCTCHY Ftock. flxturrs. 4 furnished rooms, i
portable even. Facrifleed. Turk and Pierce sts.
FOR Sale— Cicar store. ZV. Third st.
j FAMILY rrocery and liquor store for sale at
invoice. Box 2ff7 Cr.H office. |
j STOCK an-1 tixti'ies of candy and st.-.tlcnery I
ftore for sale cheap; no afients. 205 Polk st. j
JS« WINS T3'y) rer month at races; references I
ri\en. Inf.-.rirstlon Lyor.F. 311 Market, r 4. j
LAKGK Inflde route on this paper for eaie. j
Apply business office. ]
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions J
received at Cal! branch offlce. riOO Fi'.lmcre st. i
I . I
I A BRAKCH office for Call ndvertlsements nnd
r>ihsrrirtlons has been established at 1086 !
Valencia ft. |
i.ui)i;i.\(;-iii)i>r.s kok salk.
FISH En'~^C~oT1^f
I .4S room?, N. of Market; only $160-1
16 roomy, Hyde, very finely furnished.... 6M
20 rooms, rent SZQ. location desirable 901
!S rooms, a sunny corner, rent $72 50 9*)
9-roon flat, new furniture, must sell 5<1O
If a bargain we have them at any price j
north or south of Market street. j
A — C LIGHT sunny rooms, neat and clean; |
family apartment house; blp money maker; |
I steady roomers; good bed?, carpets and fur- 1
! nlture: n-nt only i"1: price SWO. part c=»sh;
I rtrsirable location. FISHER A: CO.. 1022 Mkt. j
I lfi ROOMS nlcelv furnished; all llpht; north of !
MarUrt; only JfiW. FISHER & CO. j
MARION GRIFFIN. j
719 Market St.. near Call bid-. Tel. Black l'a.t. ]
34 rooir.s. bonfon. finely furnished J?00
8 rooms. Jinno, JfiOO. $400, JJ25, $375 nnd Vi \
10 rooms. $330. J45O. S650. $3D0. $300. up to. 80O
CO rooms, rent $135. hair mattresses, run-
ninfr water In each room: fine business. S'iOO
*« rrr.s.. N. Mkt.. central, full, a mint 1800
I have a long lift: all sizes; several city
hctels; Investigation solicited.
A— 22-ROOM house on principal street:
income $30; rent J3J: housekeeping;
no — -rrk: must be sold on account
of sickness. Price VXO. spot cash
M.' GRIFFIN. 719 Market Ft., near Cail bldg.
SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOI'FES BEFORK
buying. We have them al! sizes and prices:.
52000^ — Part cash for centrally located, newlv
rsF^red. painted ar.d thoroughly renovated and j
refurnished house of 33 rooms; has been twice 1
sold for ?50r>0.
$7:£— ?0 rooms: all one floor; Geary St.; dear* 1
Jl'V); only J2".O <ash required.
$2W cash for 11-room house: nicely furnished;
poo.l Ifaticr-: balance payments.
tCC?—Fo- 22-rnom house on principal street;
cl»:<rs ?75: «3crlf.ced fcr quick sale.
Vacant bouses furnl«h<*d
V.'e furr.iF'n the — icney— vcu pay ns you can
PO>'ALT> INVESTMENT CO.. *M Market.
WINSTON & WOI^F. 102S Market St. '
IS room*; rent $40; clean house $775
IS rooms; rent $G7 .'0; yard 1259
H6 rroms: cheap at IS." 1 )
IC rooms: rent £75; make offer 700
LOnGING-HOT'SES— Sizes and prices to suit
all buyers: titles ruaranteed; money loaned
buyers; before buvinr call.
n. \V. • BCHWEINIIARD.
Phone Miri» 1911. 957 Market Ft., bet. »th *• fith.
C>T,T, nnd see ovr list of bargains j n houses;
we have them In any part' of th* city and at
my price. EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 2S
Sixth St. ; j
|3ES — PARTLY furnished 11-room house on
pood corner; larjr°, *unny bay-window room«:
»1I full: must sell this week. Bor 2104, Call
office.
BEFORE closing your barcaln see our llRt of
payin? houses in nn 1 - part or cltv; money
loaned. DCBLE & TURNER, 3 Eddy st.
•SCO— RAY-WINDOW house, is rooms, pood fur.
r.llur*: Plways full; rent $44; bargain. 834
Folpcm st.
j7r..V-Pr i .vate rooming house. 11 rooms. In house-
keeplnr suit'*: no trouble; ' low rent: fine i
location: north of Market. Box 2119, Call. j
A SNAP — 9 rooms; oak furniture: 1 block from I
Market st.: must be sold. Apply on premises,
1CS Taylor st.
$1S(«>_;; ROOMS; fine location: well furnished;
all rented: low rent. BAS1LE. 3 Eddy et.
LODGING-HOUSE of 10 rooms for sale cheap.
440 Third tt.
SPIItlTUALIStf.
1IME. ARNDT, the pr^at clairvoyant, tells past
and future, cures dU^pses by sympathy; never
fells; has the seven r»als. the greatest Egyp-
tian secret of the worid: shows picture of fu-
ture husband or wif.:: Klves lucky numbers: j
advice ir. all speculation, love and lepal af-H
fairs: any one consul'ing the madame will be j
convinced that, she Is r.o pham: prire." 25c and !
up: come and you will b* surprised: Rives
oatlsfactlon every enf; op. Sundays. 215H Cth.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life re3dT. mpdical clairvoyant; slt-
j tlmrs. $1. 11C4 O'Farrell. nr. OouRh, Ellis car.
MRS. EBERHAF.DT'ff spiritual test meetln-
to-niRht. 10c. 31T.0 Twenty-second St.. be-
tween .Mission and Valencia.
I MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
I ?nr, McAllister ft.. ]'*•; come, skeptics.
i MltP. l^OTTJSE S. DRKW. Psychic'' Klectrlc
anti Map ietlc Healer. Room 14. 303 Lnrkln st.
MKrf. WEST, wonderful medium and h»aler;
r»adrrnrs dally. 10 to 10. 1104 Market, room 14.
rmrNUPHIP Hall. 3« McAlliFt»r— Mrs. C. J.
CLAmVOYAXTS.
MME. M. BERNARD. ¦/.!
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St.. next Examiner building.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accurate
description of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the
happy or not ratisfied in life,' or have domestic"
love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them.' Valuable advice in all affairs of .life-
3tc up: perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
LINCOLN— CLAIRVOYANT ~ ¦
AND HIGH PSYCHIST.
He tells your name, conditions, desires, hopes
etc.. without asking: a single question: cures
disease without medicine; ehows you how .to
avoid bad luck and how: to make yourself lucky
reunites the separated; makeg harmony In yoiir
home; gives accurate advice on all business af-
fairs. Investments, mining, oil, etc.; readings
by mall; Bend stamp for terms. 125 Turk Bt. ¦
1IBS. K. SANDERS, tlic Quaker medium and
palmist,, teaches mir.d vibration, the greatest
secret on earth; to business men. untold
wealth, reunites lover* and brings home ab-
Ft-nt husbands, sons 01 daughters; 15 years'
experience. 1104 Market st.. room 2S.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known tn>nce
medium. Is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., comer Golden Gate ave.. room: 25
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
cruaranteed by mall; send stamp for pam-
phlet with »p»c!al terms. Dally and Sunday.
MME. PORTER, wonderful cla lrvoyant~&lTard
reader, born with double veil— second Blent-
diagnoses .disease with life reading; ladles tOc'
eents {1: palm, and clair. sit. $1 r,0. 126 Turk!
MME. LA ROSE, best clftirvoyant. card reader
te.n medium: 23c up. 472 Stevenson st. cor 6th!
MME. ZEREDA. the gypsy. Is the preat palml
1st and card reader; 2Cc. 7 Seventh Bt. . ,
M»TK. SCHAFFER. clairvoyant, card reader-
rlttlnes dally. 44SV4 Jessie St.. bet. 6th & 6th.'
MHS. D. BAUMAN.- the well-known fortune-
teller, has removed to 222 Eddy st.
CLAIRVOYANT, mineral psychometrlst. palm-
. 1st and card reading. ESc. 1241H Market «t.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known dalrvoyant.tvaU r
. reader. 11 Cth; German spoken; tel.HowardlS46.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry: truth or no pay: 2T>c. 1149 Mission
MME. RAVENNA, reads life fiuently: business
advice; names plven; *jc up . 5 Fourth jtt-
_
SAX FRAXCI5CO CALL.
BrEIXESS OFFICE of. The San Francisco
Os.ll. comer of Market and Third streets; open
_r.t!I li o'clock even* right In the year. !
BRANCH OFFICES— 127 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
•S00 Hayes street; epen until 9:30 p. n 1.
C33 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. m.
C.o I>arkin street; open until >:30 p. ra.
1S« Mission street; open until 10 p. m.
• 261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
c ntll t p. — 1.
JM Eleventh Ftreft; open until I p. m.
3CO6 Yalrr.cia street: optn until 9 p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
?tK-fc-r «=tr—»t>: or»n until % n. n 1.
MKBTIXC NOTICES.
A r.nGl'LAU meeting of Yerba IJuena ,,_,
Scottish Rite- of Freemasonry, will be n.
heM in Commander}- Hair, llasonic /(JSV,
Temple, on THURSDAY EVENING. «*£>
March 7, 1&C1, at R oVlock. Degree 4.
HENRY KL'RNER, Secretary.
SCISSION Chapter No. 7S, R. A. M.— m
Etzted meeting THIS (THURSDAY) _^%_
EVEXENG. «:30 o'clock. iiusincs. jLj\
T. M. anu M. E. M. degrees. I5y \rder ' *& A
of the H. P. JNO. R. HILLMAN. Sec.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1. F. *nd A- «
M, will meet THIS (THUKSDAY) __A_
HVEXING. March 7, at 7:30 o'clock. JS 3%
Ptstrd me^tirg. By order of the M^s- ' V
ter. FRANKLIN H. DAI'. Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120. F. and A. •
M"-— Stated meeting THIS (TIIURS- _*
r»AYi BVCICIXO nt ~:zn o'clock. Third \v2\
dfgrec. Master Masons cordially in- (^
¦vite<2. By <-rder of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
jyOKIC Lfvit-e No. 216 F. and A. M.— «
ftated meeting THIS (TIirilSDAY) _*^_
EVEXIXa at 7:20 o'clock. By trJerltlr
of the Master. / yr
J. R. GOLDSMITH. Secretary .
VETERAN Odi Frllows— Attend
funeral of Veteran MARK ASH-
ER at I. O. O. F. Hall TO-DAY
(Thursday) at Z oViook p. m. '
WM. II. HARN'ES. Secretary.
ANNT'AL meeting— TX-+ regular annual alL^y !
meeting cf the i-trK-khniders in the A. \*\ I
O. F. Hall Ai-s'viatinn San Fran- ji\
clsr.. wip be hel.I in Excelsior Hall. A. *•— N
O. F. building. MC o'FarrolI st.. San Fran-
oi«*-o. C— !., on BATCROAT. the 9th day of
March. 1801. at 7:£> p. m.
I». E. BESECKER, President.
J. FAlXOKHU. Secretary.
AGKaTV M'AXTKD.
THVRIO MiniOL rU'DEER COMPANY of
i^sn FrcnciFco, Cal.. wants intelligent men U>
.act as its asents thrtfughout the United
'State?; niuft lie men of character, address &
;^$b. The oojr.pary owns !nr— e projH-rtleK. la
cut of o>bt & In a th- rouuhly sound A- flour-
ishing condition. It has a considerable acre- j
*u-» ahea<Vv planted to rubber & has a large
force of mt-n constantly at work. It offers for
?^.le a limited number of interest twiinf and
:r.s-T8llment certificate*. A comparatively
frr.all amount invested now will produce large
jE"id Mea-1ilv lncreaf ing income In near future.
Th" <~orjv.ration invites closest investigation.
At»R;s and interested persons apply Rio Ml-
ch«l Rubber C".. r. £3-f5. Crocker bldg.. S, V.
RESIDENT ascnts. with references, for coun- '
try i"»rw. F. R. GKAXMS, Z22 Montgomery ;
lL, 8 F. . j
AOKNTP— Do you want something more profit- i
able aril eafler to s»ll than books or insur- I
_apce? Add. F. PERSON, r. 412. Parrott bldg. j
EXPERIENCED Insurance agents. Call at room |
1C1, P?7 Market Ft., corner Sixth. j
SOLICITOR? for "A— 1" article; $3 to $4 day I
ea~r. 11S7 Dolores St., between 7 and 8 p. ,m.
60LICITORS -.vnnteiJ; good pay; permanent.
Ar-rOy 1! to 1. room SI?. Parrott building.
WANTED — Agents In each citv; good money.
Pacific Oca^t M. ft L. Co.. 460 9th. Oakland.
ASTROIiOCV.
FORTT-'XE by planets or palmistry: horoscope
complete. EOc and Jl. 1107^; Market, room 12.
ATTOIlMns AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorc» law a specialty; private;
r.o lee without eucces*; collections. G. W.
HCYl'E. att y at law, SCO Market, cor. Stockton.
J. H. McKNIOHT. collectior.5: damages; es-
tstes; ir.ininc: open e\-en. 5f! Parrctt bldg.
FRANK W. HMITH. mining an J probate law a
Fpecialty. Mills big., r. 3. 4th fir.; tel. Red :<!16. i
ADVICE free: no charpe ur.!»ss successful. W.
XV. DAVIDSON". 1,27 Market St.. opp. Mascn.
L. S. <~LARK. Emma Spreckels bldr- P?7 Mar-
ket ft.; consultation free; r.o fees In advance.
A WEEK'S news for o cents— The Weekly Call.
IS naees. '.r\ wtapgtaf. for maiiinir. SI per year.
AM 1 II VI. I LiU UUUl'IAU.
J. PELTIER. Mpfcalt roofir.g. sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 11£< Mif=«ion: tel. Folsom 1607.
iioaudi.m; ron cmi.imcx.
WANTED — By rr.ehiy rc?;>ectab'e couple, the
care of child 1: to 4 years. long cr short
period; tenr.s mode— ite: fine home and. eunny ] .
yard: object, comt^nicn fcr our own chiid 1
S 1 * y?ar?. Bex C14. Csll office. .
A Gfxjl) home for child In German family. 2$;
Clementina st.. corner Fourth.
WANTED — Child to board; good home and
care; r.o othrr children; $g. ;&» Folsom Bt.
tSDSUtt£S* CIUlSCUS. :
A— J1200; RESTAURANT and chephouse; rent
(50: rise* estab. year?; daily receipts SiO;
trial c^en; a god business and best loca-
ticn. Call R. G. WILKE. 26^ Kearny et.
A— fix': SALOON, clearing J150 per month:
rent MO: established many years; only day
business: location best in this city. Call H.
G. WILKE. 2*14 Kearny Et.
A— J750: CORNEIi ci -oeerv and bar. northern
~art of city: d^ath cf owner cause of sale; a
i_-oo<1 business for man and wife. Call R. G.
WILKE. K'i Kearr.y ft.
A— UCtO: CORNER raloon. location Third and
Mission sts.: rent SiO: lease;, corner can't c*
beat; about $lf<JO rtock on hand; owner must
have operation pc-i-fonr.ed. only cause of eaie.
R. O. VmXE. "C'i Kearny st.
A— *ll-S0: SALOON clcse to Montgomery «t.;
place established 10 years; clearing at least
t^i^ r-er rr.onth; 3 furnished rooms Included;
rent fX. Call R. G. WILKE, 26H Kearny.
A-J4M; PORK, and delicacy *tore; rent $22 50;
#mo<i-Faying business; very best location;
'•«-n»r to leave city. CaU R- O. WILKE,
IC-2 Kearny rt-
A— $150; CAi*n and restaurant; elegantly flttei
t:; end doing a rushing business; located I
clow io Powell and Market ets. CaU R. O. I
V.'ILKH. i-CH Kearny et.
A-J:2iO; CORNER grocery nnd bar; choicest |
part Western Add.; clean store, fresh stock; !
pood paying business; rent $22. Inquire R.
<;. WILKE. 26»* Kearny st.
A— fS-?0: CORNER butcher shop In northern I
part of city: rent $20; horfe. cart; selling 4
cattle and ebout 15 sheep per week; a cash
cxinom. Call R. O. WILKE. SCH Kearny Bt.
JliS— COARWSO house and e.aloon; center of
factory dtEtrVct; good lunch ond bar trade;
c>ar* 1100 ir.fc. ; suitable for man ar.d wife,
gocd br.rgaln. joe Market st, room 8.
B2p> SAUOOy : elegant fixtures: cheap rent; 1
Mock fio— 1 Palace Hotel; worth $1300; will
take part cash, i-06 Market *t., room 8.
FOR SALE. ~'
A. f.ne business; JSOO cash income per month;
cap be largely increased; out and Indoor
active business; will bear the closest Inves-
tigation; price J5P00: $1000 can remain. Ad-
<\t<** or call at 4^5 Seventh st.. oppoMte
Broadway t-taticn, Oakland. H. Z. JONES,
lar:d owner.
AN offer — Grocery and bar; 4 years* lease:
J;k per month: S2J to J3j cash sales per day;
The owner leaving the city: call and inves-
tigate. Business Board of Trade, 326 Pine st.
J7C*i— <jROCKHY ar.d bar near city; bargain.
Mclaughlin & co.. ttth Market «t.
»J5rt— KESTAfRANT north of Market St.; bai^
gain. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. ~7'± Market Bt.
A-S2W; PARTNER wanted; Jirtt business;
— luf-t be snfff.ed with US ta {TJ a week; no i
«->:i">rience. reijujrefi. Zi Geary Bt.. room 1. .
SS'O-TEMPEnANCi: prccery. with *stpblUhed
buttrr ?nd ejcsF trade; gool locality; death
<ause nf sale; rent $21. Address F. J. a..
Call offlce.
GOOD business man with about J4000 wanted In
old-established business. Address bgx 20?7,
Cs»l! office.
FOR SALE— Coffee and lunch parlor, suitable
for man and wife or • ladies; rent I?i; will
Fell cheap If Fold at once. 704 Polk Bt.
• PART ER wanted; can oak" $1.10 mo.; no
Sunday work. Cal. Bus. Ass'n, PC! Marttot.
TOR sale, cheap— ?-<-halr Sc bnrber thoi>; ac-
count death. - H36',i Howard Ft.
FOR sale— Candy Ftore and !e« cream parlor;
pno<1 locailrn. Inquire at 1C42 Market st.
tn;;— HAIX»ON and 1 bedroom; bargain. 610
Commercial ft., second door from Kearny.
{?500— PARTNER wanted: furniture, wall paper
bUFincEs: country; fine chance. Box 2122, Call.
RESTAURANT nnd onffee saloon for «ale
ch^ap. Apply C,7 Clay i-t.. near Kearny; good
location: rent 133.
5AI/XJN. for fale; opposite ferry. Apply 111
Eart st.. north cf Mnrket, this week.
FOR f-ale— A 2-chaIr barber ehop- Address IL
JACKSON. UltUh. -C-l. : ¦- •;. '' '-., :
HZ:.— RnFTAT'RANT. with 2 furnished room«;
reut $12. 9C3 Howard et.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A — THE First Uraduated Palmist Ever In can
Francisco. -
PROFESSOR JOHNS',
The Trcrlfl's greatest living palmist and clair-
voyant, can be consulted dally on all affairs of
life; he advises you whether you will be suc-
cessful In business, mining or. lawsuits, etc.;
Professor .Totnis Is beyond the shadow- of a
doubt the most scientific practicing palmist
and clairvoyant In the world to-day.
There Is no licm«» »o dreary or sad, no life
fo hard and blighted, no heart so sad nnd
lonely, that cannot be set right and kept right
after a visit to this Inspired prophet or mc3«rn
times; all longstanding and chronic diseases
that have baffled the physician's skill cur»d
without the use of medicine; he reunites the
separated. settles lovers* quarrel:. causes
epcedy and happy marriage, locates hidden
treasures, removes evil Influences; cures fits:
drunkenness cured without the patient's
knowledge; tells If your loved one Is true; en-
ables you to win the affection of any one you
d»sire; also that which n person is best adapt-
ed for In life Is pointed- out; he enables you to
overcome your enemies; no matter what your
trouble ir. he ran and will help you or
charge you nothing for his services.
N. B.— Palmistry taught: medlumlstle per-
sons developed. 2fiV4 Kearny et.. near Market.
Readings by mall.
If you cannot call, write. Give date of birth,
Ftate whether Mr. or Mrs. or Miss; ask six
auctions: inelo?** fl. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 1148 Market, op.
r th: prlvnte rendlnps dally. 10 a. m. to S p. m.
CAUl'F.T RKATIM; AXD CLKA\IN«.
WHEN you heroine distrusted with poor work
send to SPAl'LDING'S Pioneer Carpet-Heat-
ing Works. S.13-357 Tehama st. ; tel. South 40.
CITY Steam Carpet-Keating Works. G. H.
I STEVENS, mgr., 35-40 Sth st.i.tel. South 230.
I CARPETS cleaned nt 2c per yard, laid at 5c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.: tel. Jessie T'44.
! J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-Beating and Keno-
vatlng Co.. :<0 Fourteetith st. ; tel. Mission 1\.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleanlne Co. 402 Sutt«r St.;
tel. Main 3<M. GFTO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
Gnte nve. : telorhone Enrt 126.
CHIKOI'IIIIISTS.
i CORNS. bnnlonR, Ingrown nail?, warts, chll-
; b!aln<: palnlg.gf cure. Pr. Duncan. 415 Sutfr.
j c^»l.L^:c'^^^^^ OK KICKS.
I GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
; Ipfs successful. Room 310. 82* Market st.
nicixTivrx.
ALBA Dentists. 3 Powell street, room. 32.
Painless pxtrartlon. I5c; silver fillings, 23c;.
I pold and platinum filling. $1; gold crowns, f3;
porcelain crowns. $4; bridges, per. tnoth. $4;
pet te»th. — Kninfcl on rubber, $(> GO: we have
no ups; (cf these prices we guarantee to use
the best material money can buy; we give
you a written guarantee to refund your
monf*y «ny time you are not satisfied; elevator.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 803 Mar-
ket st . cor. 4th. rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
I have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
I without plates our specialty; gold crowns,
I $3 SO up; platrs. extractions fre». $4 50 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to- 10 p. m.: Punuays. 9 to 2
I r. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
. EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
I and fill tugs: extractions or fillings by my
I wonderful spcret, painless method: 20 years'
I experience: no students; advice free; prices
1 cheapest ar.d guaranteed; lady attendants.
! DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, 20 O'Farrell st.
I A — NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
I warranted for 20 rears; crowns, (3 50; fillings.
50c: plates. $5. full set; all work painless and
j warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sisth.
! DR. LUDLTJM HILL. 14«3 Market, nr. Eleventh
— No charg? fcr extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
frcm $8 per set; extracting, SOc; gaa given.
THE New York Prntists have moved to 369
Mission St.. cor. Sixth. Consult us on crowns
nnd bridges: difficult plate work solicited;
positive painless extraction, 50c.
PARIS Dental Parlor. ISo Kearny, cor. Bush —
Full set of tcfjth. $4; crowns, $3; fillings. I5c.
DR.R.L.WALSH. 815% Geary. nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates J5 up:phone Polk 1135.
! DR. 11. G. TRfEMAN. dentist, third floor. Ei-
I ' amlner building; formerly In Murphy bldg.
VAN VRCOM— "Palnl?fs"; evenings and Sun-
days. lCOl M.irkot Ft., corner Sixth.
PET of teeth without plates. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1241 Polk ft. _^
DB12SSMAKKRS AAD SEAMSTRESSES
~~*m
ACCOItDEON pleating; country orders prompt
1 attention. 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatu I
! ' ' " —
. EDCCATlilXAI,.'
AYRES' IJuslness College. 723 Market St.— Day
and evening: JS per tnviith: $50 life scholarship
guarantee!! a complete business education. In-
cluding the commercial and shorthand course;
telegraphy, pennnnshlp. etc.; positions se-
cured for graduates ; catalogue.
WANTED— An office boy fo work 2 hours daily
in exchange tuition. Ayres' Business College.
: GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Fhr.rthand. typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
rhorthanri: rFportorlal phrasing taught: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full «-our8e, $50; catalogue.
HRALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
S. F. — Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
guages, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; Oay
and night sessions; new SO-page catalogue free.
A— THE LYCEUM, in accredited preparatory
school for the unlve'-sity. law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Plielan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all it.s graduates. 305 Larkin at.
A FULL course In Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $C0. San Fran-
cifco Business Colleee, 1236 Market at.
ENGINEERING, civil, elec, mining, mech. .sur-
vey, as?av, cyanide, arch.: day, eve.; cst. 1S64.
VAN PER NAILLKN SCHOOL. 033 Market.
A SPECIALTY — Perfecting beginners: business
coilege graduates: bookkeeping: figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-43'.
Parrott bldg.: Individ. inKtruetion; catalogue.
FRENCH, Spanish, etc.. Profj+ieFilIppe>Academy
ofLanguages,320Post;estab'd 1S71; n\fe^t profs.
PROF MERKI. from Paris: violin, mandolin,
guitar: experienced. IOCS Mission St.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; dav or eve.; $5 mo 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
COACHING In high soliool mathematics a spe-
cialty; simple methods; successful. 3040 16th.
ILLUSTRATION— PAltTINGTON'H DAY and
ILLUPTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine st.
,fc:sii'Lov>n:.vr okkjcks.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.. best help: send men at, short
notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 239L
A— UNION Japaneso-Chlnese Emp. Offlce— Best
help furn.; domestic servants; work executed
with care, dispatch. 417 Powell; tel. Bush 376.
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.; tel. Bush 135.
ABC EMPLOYMENT Office: Chinese. Japan-
ese help fur. 544 California; phone James 2601.
JAPANESE central hcupp-eleahtng & employ-
ment; all kinds help. 104G Sutler; tel. East 203.
JAPANESE and Chinese employment office —
Best h«lp. 626 O'Farrell St.; tel. Hyde 2191.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main B1S5.
ORPHEUM Employment Office — Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 416 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel. Black £072.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Otfice—
Best help. *Wj O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
EMI'LOVMKXT WANTED FEMALE.
HOUSEWORK by competent, trustworthy girl:
excellent cock; economical; good worker; 7
years In last place; city or across the bay.
Box 2127. Call offlce.
TRAINED nurse. Catholic, having 8 years' ex-
perience in ucspital and private work, wants
to take care of a sick lady or Invalid; will-
Ing to travel. Box 2121, Call offlce.
FIRST-CLASS cook wants position in Ameri-
can family $30; best of ¦ reference. CaU at
1663 Howard Et.
RELIABLE American lady wishes work by
the <!ay, housecleanlng, washing. Call for 3
days at 213 Langton st.
SWEDISH woman wants work .-.by the day.
washing or housecleanlng. | Call at 26H Free-
lon Bt o bet. 3d and 4th, Bryant aud Urannan.
WANTED— Position as companion or superin-
tending housekeeper; references. Address
box "23, Call office. :
AUSTRIAN young lady wishes situation to do
general housework. 722 Vermont St., be-
tween Nineteenth and Twentieth.
A LADY desires a situation as cook In a small
family; no mall answers. Address 67 'Clara
St.. between Third and Fourth. ; ¦ .
SWEDISH' Blrl wishes place to do. general
housework. • Call at 121U Mission st. /
V'AXTED-By refined lady, position as gov-
¦ ernegg; references. Address box 2122, Call.
COOK In general In small family where* wash-
ing Is given out. 333 Eddy st.
YOUNG woman wishes situation -to do house-
' work and cooknlg. 1231 Market i st. ~ ;-
NF ; AT i Rlrl would like »x*ltlon. taking care of
children. Apply KS\4 Hickory ave
EMPLOYMENT WANTED — FEMALE.
1 WOMAN wishes work by day. washing or
hou«ecleaning; $1 per day and car fare. 157
P'ourth.st., door to left. _^
; A MIDDLE-AGED German lady wishes place
for housekeeping in small family: no wash-
I — Ing; city or country. Uox 2043. Call offlce.
: RELIABLE German woman wishes position;
good laundress; general housework. Box
, 2113. Call offlce. '
1 COMPETENT woman to do house cleaning by
thp day; $1 p Pr day; carfare. 2030 Folsom St..
between Sixteenth and Seventeenth. :~~:- : "•¦¦¦
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to Jl M night. $1 60 to $« !
we*k:' convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and bn gga ge to and from ferry. I."*" • ;' : -
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions bas been established at 1036
Valencia st.. ' . v \ ¦
; j^ ¦——¦—¦—»——¦ —————— —————— — ——»———>
BMPI.OY.MKXT WANTED SI ALE.
WANTED— An experienced engineer wants a
position; h<? makes a specialty of steam and
hydraulic elevators; can give beat of refer-
| ences: 25 years' experience. Address* J. 8.,
box 2134. Call office. ¦ [J
GARDENER wishes situation, private place;
understands flowers, vegetables, gasoline en-
Klne; can milk; references. Address box 2125.
Call office.
YOUNG man. married, speaking English, Ger-
man and French fluently, as clerk, salesman
or ppneral usefulness; references. Address
9SC Filbert st.
RELIABLE youngr man wishes position as man-
ager of or clerk In country grocery and pro-
vision store; Al refe'rences. Address box 202S,
Call office. \
YOUNG man well acquainted with city and
j?oo<] • hand with hore«.-s to drive delivery
wagon or work in store; give references.
413A Franklin. 8t.
YOUNG German-Swiss wants position as por-
ter in saloon or other business. Helvetia Ho-
___U_j31 Pine Bt.; telephone Red 1526. ,
SOBER," steady, reliable young man tleslres to
assist with housework and cooking; suburb or
country preferred. Box 93, Call office.
CHIEF cook, reliable and competent in all
branches, v.-ants position; hotel or restaurant;
first-class; city references. Cook, 615 Larkin.
YOUNG man. stranger, wants employment;
used to stable and driving. J. A.. S33 Mission.
GERMAN wishes position as driver or solicitor
on commission or wases. Box 2130, Call.
MARRIED man wishes a position as mana-
ger of 'a boarding or lodging house or Jani-
tor In a flrst-class building or bank. Call
nt £28 Eleventh St., Oakland, between 5 and
6 p. m.
MACHINIST, lathe or bench hand, wishes
work; young man of steady, temperate habits.
Addresa box 2111. Call ofnee.
AN elderly man wishes employment; offlce,
Ftore. collect, run elevator, salesman, useful
In any business; good references; wages no
object. Box -2101. Call offlce.
SITUATION wanted by young Scotchman as
valet, attendant or butler; willing to travel;
good packer; total abftainer; references.
MUNRO. 102» Guerrero st. __^
GOOD barber wants steady afternoon Job, all
day Saturday and Sunday morning:. Address,
stating wages. Barber, box 2100. Call.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants position out-
side of city or State: references, etc.. fur-
niBhed. EHWIN. 657 Bush St., city.
YOUNG man. 23, German, of good family, de-
sires a position of any kind: has good habits,
sober and steady: good references from the
V. S. Army ond U. S. transport sen-Ice. Box
2015. Cnll. ________
STATIONARY enelneer and machinist, strictly
Fober and industrious, capable of making all
repairs. 20 years' experience, wants steady
position: city or country. Address box
SOgy, Call.
RELIABLE middle-aged man wishes position,
private place; thoroughly understands care of
horses; best of references; object, good home;
city or country. Address box 2024. Call.
COMPETENT bookkeeper wants care of books
of some email business; all time not being
required; salary moderate; references fur-
nished. Box 2035. Call offlce.
FAITHFUL young Japanese wants position to
do housework. KOMA. 18 Natoma et.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
Fubscrlrtlons has been established at 103«
Valencia st.
FKATIIKK PILLOWS.
HOTELS and private parties wishing to have
their feather pillows cleaned and renovated
by the latest sanitary process may address
FEATITKR FACTORY. 244 Rt»v»nson St.
FLATS lit LIST.
A — NEW upper sunny modern flat, L rooms
and bath. 075 Golden Gate ave., opposite
Jefferson -Square.
BEST flats In Mission, 6 rooms, porcelain tubs
and all modern Improvements: rents only
$20 por month; cor. Mission and Twenty-third.
Full particular MADISON & BURKE.
ELEGANT new Sower flat, 7 rooms, bath, suit-
able for doctor's offlce and residence; sunny
elde Geary et., near Larkin. Full particulars
MADISON & BL'RKE.
FURNISHED flat, three rooms and bath;
adults: reasonable. SS Stanley place, near
Harrison Bt. 1
TO LET- Lower flat of 4 rooms: rent $10. 10W
McAllister St. Apply G. H. UMBSEN Sc. CO..
14 Montgomery Bt. . ;
J8: SUNNY flat of 3 rooms; 1318 Jessie St.. off
Hermann, near Valencia, Apply UMBSEN
& CO. ,
BOWIE ave.. 6, off Eleventh st.—A flat of 3
rooms; bay-window; cheap rent to small fam.
POST, 1714. near Buchanan — Modern sunny flat
of 4 rooms and bath; $15. .
THREE-ROOM flat, corner McAllister and Polk
sts. Inquire butcher shop.
UPPER part of house to let; rent th»ap. 010
Post st.
$3— FLAT of 4 rooms. 134 Rose St.; 3 rooms;
between Gough and Octavla. . ¦ ¦•>;*¦'¦',
FLATS TO I.K'-r PUK.XISHSU.
{TO Let— Furnished fiat of 6 rooms and bath;
Weatetn Addition; rent reasonable to right
parties. Particulars at Bee Hive Shoe Co.,
717 Market st.
' FLATS WASTED.
MARRIED couple require email flat, furnished.
or rooms; give particulars. Box. 2129. Call.
KUUMTUUI3 FOIl SALE!.
4 ROOMS furnlRhed in oak $48 60. with No. T
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FOIi sale — R-room flat, elegantly furnished, for
a nice home. 1048 Ellis s(.
FUllMTUltK WANTED.
TEL. Kolsom 2145; before disposing of your furn.
try the New Enterprise Fur. Store, 1114 Mis'n.
Auctloneer-L. Vincent, 1305 Larkin: tel. Polk 6'j4;
furniture. & furn'd houses bought.; spot cash.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc., see W. E. Cody. 757 Mission; tel. Red 3J3».
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market St.: tel Jessie 761.
A. WOLLPEKT. 773 Mission et.. pays nigh-st
price for second-hand furniture: tel. Red 1354.
HELI' WAXTED^tFEMALE.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.. .:.. Phone Main 1373
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
10 flrst-class waitresses for Salt Lake City,
$20 and bonus, full fare advanced, half fare
paid, s»e head- waiter here; 14 waitresses,
commercial hotels, $20 and $22 50; 6 walt-
• resses, city, J20; 4 chambermaids to wait,
city and country. $20; plain laundress, coun-
try hotel, $20, tee party here, fare paid.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
NEAT reliable woman for housekeeper; no ob-
jection to a child; must understand cooking;
good home to right person. Apply at 311V4
futter st.
GOOD cook In private family. 1414 Harrison st.,
Oakland, or merchant tailor. 773 Market st.,
San Francisco. .
GIRL to do washing, bed making and clean-
Ing. Apply landlady of Sherman House, 28
Eight st. •
EXPERIENCED forewoman and designer for
ladies' and children's underwear; good steady
position. A. AARON, . 679 Mission. 1 p. m.
BUTTON-HOLE makers and finishers, appren-
tices on vests; patd while . learning. 503
Kearny t,t., room' 2. ',. -.'^
A LADY of Indomitable energy". 'possessed of
1 self-assertion: good. opportunity to right par-
ty. F.' PERSON,' room 412, Parrott building.
WANTED— Maker In millinery department.
Apply at HALE PROS.. 979-9S7 Market st.
OPERATOR and "finisher on pants. 83 Third
, street. . .
OPERATORS en ladles' waists, children's hata
and bonnets: good pay. - 21 Sansome et.»
FIRST-CLASS finishers on coats. BELASCO
& HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st.
CHOCOLATE and cream dipper wanted for
candy store. 1025 ' Fillmore st..
FIRST-CLASS finisher -on ladies tailoring. 524
,Post Et. . .1 . - • . ¦.¦¦.-.
GIRL for', feoneral housework; r small family
933 Magnolia st., Oakland.
GIRL 'to do housework: small family. Apply
S7. Bernal ave.. Mission. :' .- ; v •
YOUNG Klrl. upstairs work, neat and respect-
able; $10. Call afternoon, 1816 Vallejo st.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
AT C R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary St.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, north, $25,
fare paid......
2 waitresses, springs 1 $20
2 waitresses, commercial hotel, $22 50. fare
paid
2 waitresses, Martinez ..$20
' \Valtre33, Palo Alto, $5 week, free fee and
free fare
Waitress, Menlo Park $20
AVaitress, Antloch '. $23
Waitress. Dixon $20, see party here
10 waitresses, city .-. $20, $25
3 restaurant waitresses.. ..$5, $6 and $7 week
2 chambermaids, city $M
Cook, country hotel : $30
Cook, resort, see party here this a. m.......
Laundress, Southern California. $20, free fare,
see party here ..'....;. ..:.".....
Chocolate dipper $6 week
Man and wife as waitress and choreman,
• hotel, city •
FAMILY DEPARTMENT. .
Housegirls. cooks, second girls, nurseglrls,.
city and country. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st^
LADY to' teach pantomime. HOOVER Uni-
versity of Physical Culture, Market and
Tenth sts ; ¦ -¦ . ¦
WANTED— Young girl for housework anl.u-
sist In store. 709 Larkin st.
NEAT girl to assist attending baby and light
housework ; references. 2520 Green st.
GIRL. 15, to help with housework; call . to-
morrow. 911 Stelner *U
WANTED— Experienced lroners at ! United
States Laundry. Sixteenth and Valencia st«.
GOOD finisher on fine custom trousers.^ 208
Minna st.
CHAMBERMAID wanted at 221 Ellis st. (The
\Rosedale). . -
OPERATORS wanted to work in factory. 723
Market Bt., room 35. '
SEWERS wanted to take work home. 723
Market st.. room 35. '% ,
RELIABLE woman for housework and plain
cooking; good home; wages $15. 209 Turk st.
WANTED— Girl to take care of baby. 1629
Golden Gate ave. .' •
gTrJ-. wanted for upstairs work.' 1£57 Octavla
street. ."
GIRL housework. 3 In family; no washing or
window cleaning. 510 Cole St.. opp. Chutes.
WANTED— French or German girl for upstairs
work; good wage's. Call 3601 Clay st. . •
COMPETENT -girl for general .housework and
cooking. " 3017 Jackscn St. _¦_ '
WANTED— Girl to wait at table In restaurant.
.1550 Market st. *
WANTED— Good maker and errand girl for
millinery establishment. 766 Geary st.
PANTS finishers wanted. 253% Stevenson St..
bet. "Third and Fourth. ~~ t
WANTED— First-class cooks. $30. $35. CAT-
TELL'S, 523 Eighth St.. Oakland.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework; Ger-
man preferred, 451 Guerrero st.
WANTED— A young girl to assist with house-
work. 24244 Sacramento St., near Fillmore.
WANTED— A girl to assist housework. 704
Buchanan St., near Hayes.
YOUNG woman to do Jlglit housework and
plain cooking. Apply 1913 Larkin st. :
FIRST-CLASS operators on pants; eteady
work; good pay. 541 Market gt.
WANTED— Millinery 'makers with city experi-
ence. Apply manager millinery dept., EM-
PORIUM AND GOLDEN RULE BAZAAR.
WANTED— Intelligent lady assistant without
Incumbrance; one that has some knowledge
of palmistry or that will learn. Address
PROFJCSSOR A. EMERSON. Vallejo, Cal.
AMERICAN or Swedish woman for housework
in small family; wages $25. Southwest cor.
Clinton ave. and Chestnut St.. Alameda (nar-
row gauge train to Chestnut station).
BUTTON sewers on ghlrts wanted at LEVI
STRAUSS & CO.. 36}4 Fremont St. Apply to
Mr. Hendshaw.
EXPERIENCED operator on children's wear;
electric power. S. ROSENJHAL & CO., 937
Market st.
WANTED— Girl to assist In housework and
cooking. Apply between 9 and 12 a. m., 2211
Sutter st.
WAN"TED — A young girl for housework. 710
Hyde st.
CLEVER woman to hire agents In town; sal-
ary and traveling expenses. Box 2116, Call.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
WANTED— Good woman cook for men. Apply
20SO Seventeenth st.. near Vermont.
WANTED— Girl to wait at table; no expe-
rience necessary. 406 Pacific st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work; sleep home. 403 Grove st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring. £41 Mar-
ket St.
MILLINERY makers wanted. Apply BUT-
LER SCHUTZE CO.. 723 Market *t.
WAITRESS wanted. 2208 Powell st.
WANTED— Good experienced vestmaker and
apprentice; good pay. 628 Stevenson, nn. 6.
SPANISH speaking girl to care for child and
assist; references. Bex 2037, Call offlce.
YOUNG girl to care for child and sew; refer-
ences. Box 2060. Call offlce. .
OPERATORS on ladles' underwear to work
In factory. 723 Market st.. room 35.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlce. 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH offlce for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1098
* Valencia et. -
HELP WA»T_D aiALE.
A-MURRAY & READY-PHONE MAIN 6S4S.
Leading Employment and Labor Agents,
White male help of all kinds furnished
FREE OF CHARGE TO
Every employer of help.
No syndicate too large, no firm too small for
us to supply. No objection to distance. We
ship good help to all parts of the world.
Employ ers_of hcjp: Phone, telegraph, write
or call in person and procure your help from
MURRAY &. READY.
We gave employment .
In 1897 to upward of 17.C0O men.
In 1838 to upward of 13,000 men.
In 1899 to upward of 21.000 men.
In 1900 to upward of 35,000 men.
HELP "WANTING WORK— Hundreds
of places awaiting your selectton.
COME READ our BULLETIN BOARDS.
MURRAY & READY. 634-636 Clay st.
A— HELP WANTED 7 A. M. TO-DAY
Deck hand for a small steamer.. $40 and found
Stage driver, see boss here
10 laborers, city $175 day
Sash and door maker, country.. $3 day
2 milkers, seme dairy, north $3-'>
C milkers, different places $30 and $33
4 farm hands, 3 chorernen $20 and $25
Man" and wife, private residence, country —
Utility man, institution $20
130 woodchoppers and tlemakers
Porter, hotel. Southern California, half fare
paid *i
Walter, country resort, see boss here
Camp cook, nesr city, small place $30
8 first and second cooks $30, $40 and $50
3 waiters. $25 and J30: dishwasher for Insti-
tution. $20; pot washer, etc.
MURRAY & READY. 634-628 Clay at.
A-WANTED *
A bright. intelUgent boy 15 to 18 years of
age, who can wrlfe a legible hand, for a
business office; $4 a week and Increase. W.
D.'EWER & CO., 610 Clay st '
A-WANTED .."'
Butter maker for dreamery. • nlc.e place. $3o
and found; planing mill man for country. $3
a day; woodturner for furniture factory. $2 50
a' day; blacksmith's helper for wagon shop,
city. $2 a day; 4 coopers, slack work, $30 and
$35 and found: 2 milkers, same ranch, near
city, $30; milker for Point Arena, $30; 2
farmers -for large vineyard. $26; 4 farmers
for orchard, $20 to $23; gardener, country,
and milk 2 cows. $25: 2 woodchoppers, near
city. $1 75 a cord. W. D. EWER & CO.,
610 Clay st. >-. .
A— WANTED -
Young Catholic as prefect . for Institution,
short distance In country, to take charge
of boys. $25 and found. W. D. EWER &
CO.. C10 Clay at. .
A— MRS M. E.' DAY & CO— ...Phone Main 1573
..... HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Second cook, $50; third: cook. $30, for railroad
eating-house, see party here, fare paid; sec-
• ond cook, commercial hotel. $50; fare paid, see
party here, fare advanced: young man for
lunch counter, J25. see party . here.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO., 335 Geary st.
A FEW more mill and woodsmen, $26; men to
cut wood, make ties, make posts and pickets,
big money, ship to-day; quarrymen. $175 to
$2. CAL. EMP. AGENCY. 59 Third Bt.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union—
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS, Secretary. /
GENTLEMAN of Indomitable energy and push;
good opportunity to right man. F. PERSON,
room 412, Parrott building. . ¦• •
BUSHELMAN wanted. Apply at S. N. WOOD
& CO.'S. 718 Market st.
COATMAKER " for. the' country. .- J. - BAUM-
QARTEN & CO.. 7 Montgomery st.
STRONG boy for packing. NEWBAUER
BROS., 18 Flr«t at, ,. ,
.WANTED — Wire frame makers. _ Apply at 258
Jessie . st. , - ". . "
PANTS ,and vest makers wanted,' Apply to 201
Montgomery et. and 1110-1112 Market it.
HELP WANTED — MALE.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S 104 Geary st.
Free Fare Railroad Work Free Fare
Ship Dally ••
50 teamsters. Uklah g
50 laborers, fkiah -I 2
For the Cal.. and N. W. R. R. Co.
50 drlUers, bigr tunnels. ChatswortlT Park^^.
50 # teamsters. State of Nevada Jl J^
• SO laborers, S. P. Co/s own work •.__•_> ' 3
For Santa Barbara and Los Angeles division.
50 practical colored coal miners, married or
single, best of wages, see superintendent here
to-day, to-morrow and Saturday, and free
transportation to the mines.
Farmers. 'Alameda County. J20; Sonoma, and
Contra Costa County, milkers, J30 to J40; 4
lathers, $1 75 per 1CC0.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Head waiter, country hotel, $50; barkeeper,
good mixer. J40 and found; second cook. fc>0;
third cook. $30, ¦ for railroad eating house,
free fare see party here; cook, hotel, north,
$,">0 and fare advanced;, baker and pastry
cook, country hotel, $10; third cook, country
hotel. J30; 6 waiters, |30. $35 and $40; colored
waiter, • country $3a; silvermen. coneemen.
dishwashers and kitchen hands, city and
country, 130, J25 and JCO.
Washer, hotel laundry, H3; lroner. Tyler
machine, $12 a week; polisher, hotel laun-
dry. $40; washer and hangrerup for hand
laundry, country. $20 and $23.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. . 104 Geary st.
A SPECIAL
Washer, country hotel. $45 and found; polish-
er, same place. $43: lroner. $33. name place,
and free transportation. Apply
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st
AN office man as clerk for this offlce; one who
has a loud voice. .
C. R, HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
MALE- stenographer and Smith Premier
ator; equal to 129 words per minute and who
can read notes accurately; must be legible
penman and experienced in general office
work; permanent position to right man. Ad-
dress for 5 days, giving age. experience and
references, or no notice taken, box 2Q20. Call.
WANTED— A gocd. strong German boy "to
learn the candy trade; one about la years,
who lives with his parents ar,d does not
smoke or chew tobacco; reference required.
TOWNSEND'S CaniJy Factory. San Jose
ave.. between 23d and 24th sts.
"WANTED— Young man. age IS to 21. experi-
enced In camera and kodak supplies; state ex-
perience and salary expected. Apply box 2L.6.
Call office.
EXPERIENCED Jewelry salesman: permanent
position; city; state where • previously en J-
ployed and at what salary. Box 2133. Call.
"YOUNG man; must be g(>od gardener; care of
horses, cow*: handy with tools; wagon $25;
near San Rafael. Address box 2114. Call.
WANTED— Man to handle freight and make
himself generally useful. California Electrical
Works. 409 Market st.
WANTED— 1000 men to try the best 10c and !5c
. meals in the city at 410 Kearny St.: the
Maine. Restaurant.
WANTED— Steady man; light Indoor work; will
pay $16 week to start; steady place; must have
¦ $125. Mclaughlin. tt7& Market st.
vTANTED— 1 furnishing goods. 1 hat, 1 clothing
man; state where last employed. Box 2137,
Ca'.l office.
BOY wanted. Apply butcher shop, 1604 Geary
street.
OFFICE boy. Royal House, 128 Ellis st.
DISTRIBUTER wanted at Electric Laundry,
S37 Folsom st.
STRONG boy to learn shlpsmlthlng trade. H-
CROCKARP. 216 Steuart st.
PRESSMAN on pants. 83 Third st.
YOUNG nan to tack signs up: 50c day and in-
crease. Call 7 a. m., 12S Twelfth St.. basement.
WANTED— Walter for all-around work and
carry trays. 37 Eddy at.
WAITER wanted; good man for restaurant. 5
East st.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
price. S62 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED — An all-around handy man; must
understand horses. Call SCO Halght st.
EXPERIENCED copper, silver and nickel plat-
ers. S. F. Novelty Works. 72 First st.
AGENT wanted. Golden Gate Dye Works, 1421
Point Lobos ave.
ELDERLY man as bedmaker: one with city
references preferred. 325H Bush st.-
GOOD barber wanted; steady. 131 Third at.
EHOE repairer; Interest In repair shop; no
money needed. 514 Pine st.
WANTED-^Shoemaker on repairing at 731 Mis-
sion st.
BARBERS— Good paying 2-chalr shop for sale.
200 Powell at.
BARBER shop for sale, $40; call Immediately;
rent $10; three living rooms. 1612V4 Folsom.
YOUNG man to work In drugstore: must have
eome experience. Kibbler's Pharmacy. Lar-
kin and Turk sts.
HONEST boy to deliver books and make him-
self generally useful; German preferred. 313
Fifth st^ ,
PANTS ' pressers wanted by S- X. WOOD A
CO. Apply at factory, 27 Geary st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; IZo
to SCc. 562 Mission St.. bet.' 1st and 2d sts.
ENGRAVERS wanted. Apply CALIFORNIA
PHOTO-ENGRAVING CO.. S13 Market st.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 o'clock this evening.
CLEANERS and, pressers. Golden West Cloth-
Ing Renovatory, 13 Montgomery st.
STOUT boy to learn blacksmlthlng. 4S Elshth
street.
BARBER shop: J chairs; Western Addition;
old stand; cheap. STOLTZ. 723 Market st.
WANTED — First class hull and engine
draughtsmen; men thoroughly familiar with
modern naval construction preferred: good
wages paid first class men. Address, stat-
ing experience, MORAN BROS. CO., Seat-
tle. Wash.
MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach the
trade In two months, saving two years;
mailed free. We have no 5c shop in connec-
tion with our college; chairs, and furniture
are all made to our own order with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE.
635 Clay st. Beware of any cheap Imitations.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, itlll
runs Denver House. 21* Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
BARBERS all invited to call and see the latest
improved revolving chair, called the "Auto-
back": It's a corker. STOLTZ'S new head-
quarters. 723 Market st.. first floor up.
COATMAKKR and panta and vest maker for
country. Apply REISS BROS., 24 Sutter/ st.
GOOD barber; steady Job. Apply 725 Fourth
et.. San Rafael, tel. Red 15.
CIGARMAKERS. 223 Bush "ri~ third floor,
room 4.
BARBER shop for dale; good location; cheap
rent. S2H Steuart st. "
2-CHAIR barber shop for sale; doing a good
business. Apply box 2110. Call office.
ERRANP boy for drug store; give age and
residence. Address box 2107. Call offlce.
WANTED- 500 men to-day at 513 Montgomery
street.
FOR 'SALE— 3-ciialr barber shop; bathrooms;
near city. Box 2095, Call offlce.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed I
free. S. F. Barber College. 741A Howard St.;
no barroom chairs used In this collese.
BRIGHT men of coed address; money ad-
vanced to right party. Call between 8 and
• 9 a. m. at 302 Post st.
MCDONALD- & PERRY have 500 pairs second
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 2(1 Third st.
50 TEAMSTERS, steady work. $2 per day.
-Apply at stables In rear 212 Ninth st.
WANTED — 10O men to take rooms, 10c. 13c and
. 20c. Boston- House, 930 Howard st.
TEAMSTERS wanted. Apply 627 Fourteenth
street.
SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 28 Steuart.
PENSIONS-J. H. Shepard & Co.. old reliable
firm. 806 Market, room 40. Phelan building.
WINCHESTER HouseT 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 700 rooms. 23c night: reading-rooms; tree
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
: received at Call bjanch office. 2200 Fillmore »t.
• IIOIISKS A.VD WACOXS.
1
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market,
327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednesday.
. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
8. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
3d session, June 10. Catalogue by applying to
M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
A NEW pneumatic-tired road buggy. DK. L.
KRAKER. veterinary dentist. m , Golden
Gate ave., corner Leavenworth St.."
FOR sale— Nine-passenger wagon. 5 Montgom-
ery st. or 1340 East Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
THREE fast road horses;- also some good
business horses, at 721 Howard st. .
TWO spring wagons, one buggy, for salo
cJuap, at HOPPY'S, Baden.
HORSES A5D WACOXS.
THREE fine second-hand surreys: one 4-ton
express waeon. 48 Eighth «t-
A— 10O SETS second-hand fiarness; wagons,
¦ carts, buggies, surreys, horses. 1140) Folsom.
AX A No. 1 express waeon. single, also light
camping wagon, for sale cheap. 832 Mission.
HOUSES^~FOR SALE.
A HANDSOME residence of 9 rooms, bath.
basement, stable, chicken houses, tank house!
well. mill, fine garden; sunny corner: ele-
vated: One view of city; furnished or unfur-
. niched; 17uxi;.o.
Cottage of 4 rooms, bath, basement, chicken
houses, with separate, yards, well, mill and
tank: also Sprlnjr Valley water, garden, etc;
100x110: owner leaving city.
Apply at IKS Laldley st.. corner Fainnount:
San Mateo cars.
HOUSES TO LET.
A— PRINTED LIST Hou.-es to let: send tor clr-
cular. G. H. UMDSEN& CO., 14 Montgomery.
A HANDSOME residence with all modern Im-
provements, containing 11 rooms and banque-
hall. to rent: north side. 231: Clay at.
NICELY furnished house. 9 rooms and bath-
will rent furnished or unfurnished; reaaon-
able. 1«5 Post st.
$M: S ROOMS, bath, laundry: fina marine view
1912 Broadway, near Octavla st.
I VV ALID_ F^'yyyjTtftKT
INVALID furniture and appliances: saler- r»nt.
F. GOODBAN. 1117 Van Ness ave.. nr. Po*t'*t.
_^ LOST A!* I> PUD.M II.
ARASMO LUCIDO of Black Diamond will pay
a reward of ?10 to any one who will return
to him a salmon net lost In the neighbor-
hood of Rodeo, near Vallejo Junction. Feb. :t.
LOST— Knights Templar emblem with nam*
of THOMA9 D. RIORDAN thereon. RewarJ
of $10 will be paid to finder at office of
RIORPAN. S23 Montgomery st.
PARTY who found diamond rings on wash-
stand, Felix Restaurant: p) reward; keep-
sake; positively no questions asked ' E M
CONNOLLY. 116 California st. '
LOST— March 4. purse c->ntaln!r.» JU Please
return to MISS BLANCHE KELLY. Stewart
¦ Hotel. EUls .tnd Leavenworth sts.
LEATHER notebock with name of owner In-
side. Return Sll Turk et. ; reward.
LOST— March 4. corner Scott arui Jackson its
• heavy-get English foxhound dmr. color bro-n-
Ish black and white. Return :i-»5 Fillmore st.
and receive reward.
LOST— Ladles' initialed gold" watch and enactel
pin. A liberal reward paid for prompt return
to Qt California St.
LOST— Watch charm, design *oH wheel; lib-
eral rewird. Return to IS Beale st.
LOST— Near Marker ami Taylor sts., small
white and brown dog: female. Return 3
Golden Gate ave.; reward.
LOST— February 20. lady's fur colUr; sable;
KO reward for return and no questions asked.
WM. R. SHAFTER. Phelan building.
Winted— Old gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte,
Jeweler. 21S O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mison.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious nones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. «7 Market >t.
BIATKI~.MO.MAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
send 10c for Hat. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Ellla st.
MARRIAGE bureau: confidential list. 10c.
MR. BLAKE. 323 Kearny St.. rooms 4 and 5.
MATTIIESSES A.\l» I'I'lini.NTUK V.
MATTRESSES afld upholstery: tel South 7327
to orrfer or renovated, feather and hair
steamed; exnert carpet, cleaning; strictly r»-
llable. HOPKE BROS.. 313-320 Eleventh gt.
JIEOICAL.
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who destre f j
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only:
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all ethers; the only treatment that
helps the unfortunate; the mc*t obstinate
caies are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods (guar-
anteed. DR. (5. W. O'DONNELL. 1018. Mrkt.
DR. and. MRS. DA VIES. 122S Market, the weK-
known lad'.es' specialists; 32 years' practice;
perfectly reliable: a positive cure guaranteed
at office; patients treated can return same
day; these wishing to treat themselves shouM
eend for the HINDOO HERB HOME TREAT-
MENT: a sure cure; giv»3 instant relief ; harm-
less; any one can use it: stamp for circular.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist: 25 yrs.''
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
offlce; any aliment: home for patients; con-
sult free. 943 Post St.. bet. Hyde a.nd Larkin.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 997 Market st.. cor. Sixth—
Safe and reliable ladles' specialist: 25 years'
successful practice; positive cure guaranteed.
MRS. GOODWIN. 1C35 Market— Private horns
for patients before and during confinement;
well known; Implicit confidence; reliable.
Dr! POPPER, specialist for all female ail-
ments: practice 37 years. S3 Kearny St.;
can be sent.
MRS. DR. ALLEN— Removed to HIS Market.
bet. Taylor and Mason: ladles* specialist.
MILL VALLEY. HOUSKS TO LET.
8 MONTHS or more, residence- 12 rooms, mod-
ern Improvements, stable, convenient to de-
pot, orchard: also Cat. 7 rooraa, stable, largo
grounds, conveniently located. Apply P.
GARDNER. Mill Valley. Cal.
ailXSS AAD MI.\I.\G. ~~
s
MIXES bought and sold: also stocks In min»»
•nd oil companies. Prof. John Tllton. rmm.
475-478. 4th floor. Parrott bldy. : 10- H. 1-1
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mo-
1NTOSH & WOLPMAN. 133-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand: we always
have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
we can ship everything In 24 hours. J.
NOONAN. 1017, 1013. 1021. 1013 Mission »t..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
FOR Sale — On account of sickness, gasollna
launch, cimpleto. 23 ft. lonp. 6-ff«, beam. «
H. P. Union gas engine, all in perfect order;
a bargain If taken at once, (.'all or addresa
M. B. SPARKS. BelvtJere. C.N.. or room &i0
Parrott bulldinsr. San Francisco.
FOR sale — R. C. St. Bernard, female. S month*
old; winner of first and special prize of th»
last Oakland ehow. Address CHAS. LE-
BRECHT. Callstoga. Cal.
A FINE, inlaid combination billiard and pool
table with complete outfit of balls. cues,
cases, etc.. at one-third the original cost.
Call at office. 76? Market sL
FOR sale— Fine yacht. 32 feet long. 11- ft beam.
For particulars Inquire of M. O. FEUOXEK.
638 Market st.
A— BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, boiler*, water pipes, shaftlns, pulleys,
etc.. WHITEI-\W. 216 Spear st.
TYPEWRITERS at any price to close th*— i
out; different makes; call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE, 409 California.
A SO-TON Howe wagon scale; compound beam.
Apply at 116 California st.
A— 15 AND 25 II. P. boiler; 8 H. P. engine;
cheap. J. BURKE. 133 Beale st. ,
30 2ND-HAND enameled batn tubs: 20 H. P.
Westinghouse motor; cheap. g04 .Mission st
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand, all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg'y.
Gasoline or distillate engines, new and 2d-hand;
r all sizes: guaranteed.- NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand mortem engines and.
boHers bought and sold. KRVH3H MFO. CO.
2D-HAND steam, gas, oil. water and air ma-
chinery bought and sold. White. 51* Mission.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and made lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and second hanZ THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving: plo-
tures. EULLARD & BRECK. 131 Post St.
SAFES— New and second-hand: all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE. 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
. uiM:iai.A.\Kui9 waj(Ts.
WANTED—Second-hand "drop head" high-
grade sewing machine for cash; state prle»
and make; no agents. Box 2C9t5. Call. Oakland.
LADIES' and gents" cast-off clothln- bought A
sold. Sllverman. JS4 Folsom; tel. Folsom 1131. .
WANTED— Second-hand one-horse wagon sult-
able for bakery bosinega. Box 2133. Call.
)1U.\1l1 '1U l.OA.V
a— MONEY to lean at rates which people can
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends or you wilt to9«
¦ their friendship: do business with strangers
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 90« Market »t.
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; flnt.
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
In estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattel
mortgages and securities. Room IS. 1st floor
Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OL3SX-.
ANT amount at « per cent: first, 2d and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
bate: mortgages and legacies bought: no •!«- >
lay; get my terms before doing business elso>— '
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. J. '
2% on furniture and pianos; $13 up: no removal-
no commission: private. Room 81. • Eddv st'HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
C H Chandler, Pa
J T Adams, Dubtique
Raymond - AVhitcomb
Excursion Party—
S Smith & wife
A Smith & wife
D Fink & wife
Miss E Fink
Miss G Floyd
Miss M P Parland
A H Potter & wife
H P Potter A wife
C A Newhall & wife
Miss E M Wires
F M Bird & wife
Mrs E W Weston
T H Bolmer
M Sullivan & wife
Mrs S R Cushing
Mrs J S Green
Miss H B Scott, N Y
F H Green. S Raafel
D H Bryant, S Jose
O G Woodward, Cal
L Gundelflnger. Fresno
C R Drake, Tucson
E H Utiey, Pittsburg
T E House, Pittsburg
L Lltchfield. Pittsbg
E W Day. Pittsburg
D G Kerr, Pittsburg
XV A Morey. Chicago
XV Llnten & w. 111
Miss E Llnten, 111
Miss E D Linten. Ill
Miss M ilorey, Denver
J C Carland. Toledo
Rose Carland. Toledo
W V Croll. Spokane
N Blsslnger & w. Or
E R Graham, Cal
J P Saaison & w, Ohio
Mrs Hartzell Ad. Ohio
Miss Coleman, Ohio
J Flnnell. St John
L Solomon, London
J W Piper, S Jos«
M J Porter, Denver
K Solomon & w, Pa
XV Woodrow & w. Cal
J Spencer & w, N Y
H J Email, Sacto
M P Thomas, Sacto
R Retm & w, Denver
E V Wllbern, Clnn
A Allen. Spokana
J H Friend, Ohio
G P Lord & W, 111
E Cleveland & W. Ill
Mlfts Cleveland. Ill
T Hawley & w, L An?
J Me Williams & w.NY
Mrs Myers. Wis
Mrs Brodesser. Wls
E Silver, N T
J Knox. Chicago
H M Butler, N Y
E Devereaux, Buffalo
T J Thomas, Buffalo
C Morey, Denver
GRAND HOTEL
A C Elsen, Fresno
J J O'Brien. L Ang
J R Weeks, Los Ang
G H Green & w, N T
Ml?s E J Stephens.
Boston
Mrs M F Clark, Bostn
II Wood, Chicago
Misa N W Mills. Mich
Miss B R Mills. Mich
Mrs J S Lewis, Mich
Mrs J H Whited, Sac
H S Ransom, Sacto
K E Pannabaker. Sao
J A Green, Sacto
J W Arras & w. Pa
J Warohaw, Or
C Ringler. Portland
R II Stevens. Bakersfd
Mrs I W Kersey. Cal
A C Rosedale, P Grove,
R K Bowman, N J
J D Bradley, Merced
Mr Yancey & w, Cal
Mrs L O Smith. Cal
A P Halfhill,- L Ang
T James, Des Moines
J F Beach. Los Ang
E J Crowley, Pacto
M Gllcksman, Wls
W A Newton. Chicago
S Davis, Stockton
E C Hart. Sacto
W M Lowell. Sacto
G Baer. Cloverdalo
W E Perrlll. S Jose
Mrs Crofton. D Monte
E C Jone?, S L Oblspo
E F Glllman & w, Cal
E W Cullum. Cal
F V Flint, Sacto
L A Blasingame, Cal
F L Brodman. U S N
J Crooks, Oakland
W H Loomls & w, Cal
Lieut R Gardner, USA
Mrs Gardner. USA
J I) Bradley, Omaha
D Falconer. Cal
E C Sattler, Los Ang
R Hill & w, Cal
F M Butler. Oakland
W Lawrenc?, Oakland
Mrs G U Lombard. Cal
\V R Staley. Alaska
S Robblna & w. Ohio
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
W J Pourci, Cal
S O Toole. V S N
J MacFaddcn, U S N
II Newmarch, Riversld
G W Cender & w. Or
W I Blalne. Portland
JI N Peters. Hopland
O Havis, Presidio
R Kelly. Presidio
G Lundy. Cal
L W Fuller, Chgo
E Murphy. Cal
H A Jack, Illinois
J F Jack, Illinois
H Rood & w, Michlgn
M B Romen, Mexico
t} Bailey, N Orleans
C Mason, St Louis
J Grey. St Louis
O W Hubbard. Seattle
J Qulnn. Chicago
A Joluison. USX
THE SAIN" rUAJNUlSlJU CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH 7, 1901.
CALL CALENDAR.
March, 1901,
11
S. i M. 1 T. 1 W.I T. I F. ! S. I Udog'i Phases.
j j 1 * p\ Full Moon,
— — — — — — —^ March< -
IT 18 13 f to. f Jl I rj 23 rf^ New Moon.
— ' ! ! — S& March M.
U 23 K | 27 I 23 » | 80 "
L_J 1— I ; f 1 -jk Tirat Quarter.
31 i I I I I I '-» March !«.
S. i M. 1 T. 1 W.I T. I F. ! S. I Udog'i Phases.
j j 1 * p\ Full Moon,
— — — — — — —^ March< -
IT 18 13 f to. f Jl I rj 23 rf^ New Moon.
— ' ! ! — S& March M.
U 23 K | 27 I 23 » | 80 "
L_J 1— I ; f 1 -jk Tirat Quarter.
31 i I I I I I '-» March !«.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
LADIES — Chlchester English Pennyroyal I Pills
are ths best; safe, reliable; take no other;
send 4c stamps -for particulars; "Relief for
Ladles" in letter by. return; mail; at drug-
•gUts. Chlchester Chemical Co., Philadel., Pa.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery st., rooms 9-10; tel. C5S0.
ROOMS papered from to up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 3tS 3d nt.; tel. Red 3521.
S1IOW~CAKDS AND POSTERS
SHOW cards, window tickets, posters; DES-
MOND. .1170 Marketer. 103. phone Folsorn 1S69.
TnUSSES.
MANUFA'R: elastic stockings, shoulder braces,
g upporte i k randf . repaired. Menge. 803 Kearnr.
TYPBWltlTISKS-./ASil* SUPPLIES.
'SBRATTRARGyVINis 1 IN^^PE^VrTtERS^W*
sell better machines for less monev than any
hcuee In the city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Kxchnngc. E3S PsMfflfnla: telephone Main iM.
proposals: ~~
PROPOSALS for box lockers.— Depot Quarter-
I master's Office. 36 New Montgomery St., San
Francisco, Cal., March 4, 1901.— Sealed pro-
posals, in triplicate, will be recelvel at this
office until 11 o'clock a. m., March 20. 1S01.
Pacific Standard time, and then opened, for
furnishing box locker*. Preference will be
given to articles of dcmestlc production and
manufacture, conditions of price and qual-
ity being equal (Including In the price
of foreign production and manufacture
the duty thereon), and such preference
will be given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on
the. Pacific Coast, to the extent of the con-
sumption required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the, right to ac-
cept or reject any or all proposals or any
part thereof. Information and blank* for
proposals will be furnished on application.
Envelopes containing proposals will b» In-
dorsed: "Proposals No. 1945" and addressed
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG. Quartermaster,
U. S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
PROPOSALS for subsistence supplies.— Office
Purchasing Commissary, San 'Francisco. Cal..
March 7, 1901.— Sealed nroposals for furnishing
and delivering of such quantities of subsist-
ence supplies, delivered at euch- wharf or
wharves nr such warehouses In San Francisco,
Cal., us per circular to be seen at this offlce,
will be received here until 11 o clock a. m.,
TUESDAY, March 15, 1901, and opened imme-
diately thereafter In presence of bidders. Spe-
cifications, general Instructions to bidders and
blank form of proposals will be furnished to
established dealers on application to . W. H.
BALDWIN. Major and C. S., U. S. Army.
Purchasing Commissary.
OFFICE -of C. Q. M.. Vanoouver Barracks,
WA*h., February 12, 1901.— Sealed proposals. In
triplicate, will be received -here until 11
o'clock a. m., March 12. 1S01. and then opened,
for furnishing fuel at tho several military
ports in this department, and at Cam;) at
Skaguay. Alaska, and at Fort Llscum (Port
Valdez). Alaska, for fiscal year commencing
July 1st. .1901. Information furnished here, or
by quartermasters nt posts. U. S. reserves
right to reject cr aco*pt any or all proposals
cr any part thereof. Envelopes containing
proposals should be marked: "Proposals for
fuel at ," and addreoned to undersigned.
J. XV. JACODS. C. Q. M.
mabbiage" licenses^
The following marriage licenses were Issued
yesterday:
I Joseph J. Pohiey, 21, 532 Fair Oaks street,
and Magpie M. Jenkins, 10, 642 Fair Oaks st.
David Mlchelson. 25, city,- and Lottie Shaw,
£3, Sacramento. »
Frederick tleinhold, 35, city, and Anna
Melnhold, 24, city.
Abram Johnson, 29, Fort Bragg, and Edla
Erickson, 20. Fort Brng_-.
Charles H. Stcirnrt. 21. 8411* Harrison street.
am' Cora M. Pmith. 21. 841^. Harrison street.
Wsniam M. Ptechens. 30, San Mateo, and
j Paulino N. Logan, 26, S33 Sacramento street.
j Michael II. Pod^rsen. - 28. 2."6 Minna street,
nnd Kthel Donahue. 20, 258 Minna street,
i Roy Phaver. 20. SR3 Valencia street, and Lou-
Ieh llaiiwn. 2». 151J Eddy street.
~BIRTHS—MARRIA6Ea— DEATHS.
Birth, marriase and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized tn have the same published.
BORN.
RALSTON— In this city. February 24, 19C1. to
the Wife of Harry J. Ralston, a son.
j WARD— In this city. March 4, 1901, to the wife
! of B. G. Ward, a son.
nyiARRIED.
CILXMRERS-ORDVAY— In this city. March
6. 1901, by the I'.ev. Dr. Jnhn A. K. Wilson.
Lewis L. Cliarrsbors of Long Beach • and
Annie Ordway of I^ia Anijelesi. •
- ——---._ ____
AhlKren. Gporgre L. McLachlan. Georjre
Ashcr. Mark McLauKhlin, Georsre
Barker. Joshua McLaughlln, Patrick
Iiazan. Or. Fernand McLaughlin, Patrick
liornstein, SlRmund O'Connor, Patrick
Brigsr.t. Frederick O'Dwyer, James
Hrophv John H. Plconso. John E.
Hrjsnt, Rvelyn Plunkett. Mrs. H.
Hurkf. John Roilly, Bernard T.
Cederbloom. John S. RcanJcn. M. Florence
Coffin. Fred F. Ityan. John E.
De la Montanya, A. Schcofer, Charles G.
Dickinson. John J. Schultz. Martha.
Dcneran, Mary Shea. Patrick F.
Orirgs - Mullaney, Simcock. Catherine
Dennle Bteward. Charles W.
Jahnlgen, Mrs. O. Thompson, Mary A.
Johnson, John C. Thomson. Leona R.
Killavary, I^evlna Tucksen. Mnria P.
Lancan, Ovren Vierhus. Katharine
Lorenz. Carl C. Wfnban, Simeon
McKeown. Wm. J. Williams. Lizzie C.
AHLGREN-In this city, March 6, 1901, Geor(?«
L.. beloved son of Charles and Katie Ahl-
tren, and brother of Edward. Emma and
Charles Ahlgr^n and Mrs. Clara Smlth-.irst.
n native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 4
months and 19 days.
ASHER— In Upper Lake, Cal.. March 4. 1901.
Mark, beloved husband of the late Hannah
Asher, and father «f Samuel and Theresa
Asher and Louise, Ray and Charles Barnett,
a native of Germany, aged 67 years.
E7The funeral services of Mark Asher.
P. G., will be hold at I. O. O. F. Hall.
Seventh ami Market streets, this Oay
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, under the auspices
of the Veteran Odd Fellows. Members of the
order and friends are Invited to be present.
Interment Hills of Eternity Ctmetery, by 3:30
o'clock train from .Third and Townsend
streets. --
BARKER— In Oakland, March 8. 1901. Joshua
Barker, a native of New Bedford, Mass.,
aired 68 years.
tTTrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
to-mo'trow (Friday), at 12:45 o'clock, at tha
parlors of tho First Unitarian Church. Oak-
land. Interment private. Laurel Hill Cerae-
tery.
BAZAN— In Glion aur Montreux, Switzerland,
March 6, 1901. Dr. Fernand Bazan, beloved
husband Of Franclne Bazan (nee Artlgues),
a native of Cuba. (Havana and New York
papers please copy.)
BORNSTEIN— In this city, March 6, 1901, Slg-
mund, beloved husband of Rosalia Bornsteln.
father of Sol, Moses and Robert Bornsteln.
and brother of Louis Bornsteln, a native of
Templin. Province of Posen. Germany, aged
£9 years 11 months and 9 days.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully* invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10 o'clock, 1 from his late resi-
dence, 617 Goutch street, between- Fulton and
McAllister, and thence by 11:30, o'clock train
to New Salem Cemetery for interment.
BRIGGS— In the City and County Hospital.
March «. 1901. Frederick Brlgga, & native of
Rhode Island, aged 32 years.
BROPHY— In this city, March 6. 1901. John H.
-Brophy, .beloved con of Mrs. Marie Loftls.
and brother of M. J. Brophy and Mrs.
J. Woods, a native of New York, aged 4?
year*. . .'
CT Remains at the mortuary chapel of the
Golden Gate Undertaking Company, J429 Mis-
sion street, near Twenty-first.
BRYANT— In this city, March 5, 1901, Evelyn,
- beloved . daughter of Catherine and Henry
Bryant, and sister of Harry, Lottie and
Frank Bryant, a native of Oakland. Cal..
axed 20 years 4 months and 17 days.
(CRe— tains at the funeral parlors of H.
¦ F. Mfiasn, 917 Mission street.
BURKE— In this city, March 6, 1301, John, be-
loved husband of Catherine Burke, and father
of John, William, Michael, Charles, George
Alice and David Burke, a native of Baliy-
poreen. County Tlpperary, Ireland, aired 60
years 8 months and 10 days. (Rocklln, Mass.,
papers please copy.) ..
(tTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of-f McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street,
' . thenco to St. Joseph's Church, where a sol-
HENRY J. GALLAGHER C(h
' (Successor to Flannagan St Gallagher )
• DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mar?.
FUNERAL, DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth et., opposite Lincoln School
Telephone South 80*
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
17 and 2J Fifth gt. . TeL South 117.- •
IDNERAL DIKECTOEJ ANO EMBALMER1.
Finest Equipment at Moderate : Rates.
CREMATION. ~
Odd Fellows 1 Cemetery Association
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
The charge for cremation to churcn members
and members of organizations having presiding
Officers and secretaries and their families is $30.
All i others '. J3o. Expensive coffins and orna-
ments are. seldom used. A niche In the Colum-
barium is a monument and Raves the cost of a
lot and Its care and stone work. ¦ Send for cir-
cular. ' ' <
CcnnCE BL FLETCHER, M____rar
ItOOMS FOn nOUSEKEEPIXO.
SECOXD. 212— Well furnished for housekeeping;
neat, clean and respectable; reasonable.
SIXTH, 136-Front suite, ' furnished for light
housekeeping; also other rooms.
STOCKTON. 60T— Elegantly furnished Hoor of
4 gunny rooms; also single rooms.
THIRTEENTH. 189. corner Howard-Alcove
suite and kitchen, complete for hsekpg; $16.
VALENCIA. 123t— feunny front alcove room fur-
nished; light housekeeping; gas, bath; near
depot.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096
Valencia »t. • ¦ • ¦
ItOOMS TO LET— Kuril, unil Lnfurn.
_____ ¦
A— FOR rooms, apartments, housekeeping, fur-
nished, unfurnished, with or without board,
finest in city, see ELDER & CO.. 22 Kearny.
AKGYLE, The. MeAllleter St., corner /Larkln—
Just opened: everything new and modern:
two and four room suites, with or without
baths; all outside, Eunny rooms', . inspection
is now Invited day or evening; references.
AHLUORN HOTEL. 821 Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city: polite attend-
ances large rooms; modern conveniences;
rooms .'Op up; firft-clasA meals 25c; free 1 coach,
A— BRUNSWICK House, 14S Sixth— Rooms 25c
to Jl j.er night; tl 25 to J5 per week, ana light
housekeeping: open all night. -^
BURNETT, 1423 Market (old No. 1364)— Kur-
nlshrj>rmg.. suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLAV. 1133',4— Front furnished parlor; bath;
quiet; reasonable to working lady.
CLEMENTINA, 233, corner Fourth— A room
facing street In German family.
CEARY. 622— Elegantly furnished double par-
lors, suitable for physician, dentist; reas' ble.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 1204— Large double par-
lors, fur. or unfur. ; good location for dentist.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
anrl Mission sts. — SUnny rooms, en suite or
p elncle; ladles' parlor: rea dine- room; elevator.
HOWARD, 725. near Third— Large sunny front
room suitable for 2: reasonable; also room
$3 per month for gentleman; bath.
LARKIN. 819— Sunny front room, suitable for
gentleman; gas, bath and phone; $7.
MARKET. 1032 — Sunny front rooms; also single
rooms.
MARKET. 1055— Sunny rumlshed rooms by the
day, week or month; bath; reasonable.
McALLISTER, SZ1 — Upper parthou&e, 3 roonw
and alcove, unfurnished, $20; no children.
MINNA, 434 — Single sunny furnished front
room, $5. •
MINNA. e«7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bav-wlndo— ¦ room; Jl per week; transient.
MISSION, ?17— Nice furnished basement room;
$1 a week.
NEW ARLINGTON*. 10ir, Market Bt.— Nicely
furnished rooms, J2 a wtek up; 8Sc a day up.
O'FARRELL. 20-Sunny furnished rooms and
offices: elevator; elec. lights: day, wk.. mo.
O'KARRELL. 742— NicMy furnished parlor, en
suite or single: ga». bath, phone: tlO to $21.
O'FARRELL, 77ft-Handsomely furnished bacK
parlor and cthtr rooms; running water; bath.
rOWELL. 617— Nicely furnished sunny suite;
no children.
ROYAL House, 12C Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, emoklnir-room and ladles' par-
Inr; rooms, per nlcht, S. r >c to tl 50; week, 12 tn
(¦: month, (8 to $30: elevator on ground tloor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
ROSF.DALE House. 319-321 Ellis Kt.— Room*.
night. 25c to II: week, tl 23 te $4: cpen night.
I SACRA MBNTO.' 1003. cor. Larkln— Elegant fur-
j nished sunny front rooms en suite or single.
VAN NESS flve.. 1419-Sulte and single front
sunny room; gas; bath; tel.; private family.
SHFRMAN Apartment House. 21 Eighth St.,
near Mark»t — Kurn!*hed or unfurnished.
i SUTTER, 3M'/4— Changed hands; newly reno-
vated: single room". 5S; suites. $12 to J?5 mi».
I PUTTER. 309 — One furnished room, Jl 23 per
I week.
i THK BERLIN. 2JS Kearny-Elegant suites;
j single rooms: running water: transient.
THIRD. 251, upstairs — Nice, sunny rooms, stn-
pie. at low rates.
TAVELin'H. Ill— Larce sunny room In private
j fnmi!r: stable for coupl>»: rpasrmahl* 1 .
: it oo:s an» iatiAR.nl
AT the old Stevenson mansion, cpp. Grace
Church, with annex *C7 California st.. may
be found a mest exc*p«lonally good table, at-
tractive and flrhtly room* at — in<)»*t rat^».
I.LECANTLY & newly furnl^h^d sutiny apart-
ments, with or without board; rulslne unex-
celled. HC3'/_ rroafiw^y. cor. 12th st.. Oak-
land. top flocr. MRS. M. C. ROniNSON. Prop.
ROOMS and board; prices reasonable. 415
Dr»t »t. • - - ¦
ROOMS WAXTEU. •
"WANTED — Unfurnished room or apartments
¦with running water: full particulars and
price. Box 2131. Call office.
SKWIXd MACIUXKS AM) Sfcl»l"L!KS.
ALL kinds bought, (old p.nd repairing cuaran-
te«d. Charles Plambeck. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
ALL kinds boucrht, sc!d. rented, exchanped. re-
paired; cpen even.; phone Black 1124. 20S 4th.
BOUGHT, told, rented, repaired; ne»dle» and
fhuttl^*: r*»rtuc-d rates. 14S Stri: phnni- Mint V
STOltAGK AM) \V.\r KHOIISES.
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving^Co^
office. Post nnd Powell »ta. : tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. ?40 Mls-
fioti »t.; tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BF.K1NS Van and'Storee Co.. 722 Mission »t.;
tel. Main ISiO: shipping at cut rates.
——————— ______
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Eivldcnd No. 25 (thirty
cents per share) of the Paauhau Sugar Plan-
tation Company will be payable at the offlce
of the company, 227 Market et.. tin and after
Monday, March 11. J901. Transfer books closed
Saturday, March 2. 1501. nt 12 o'clock m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND Notice— The Giant Powder Com-
pany (con.) — A dividend. No. 27. of serenty-
fire cents <75c) per share on the issued capi-
tal stock of the company has been declared,
payable at the office of the company. 4S0
California st.. San Francisco, on Marph 11.
1S01. Transfer books clo*e March 4, 1301. at
noon. JULIAN SON'XTAG. B»?cret_ry pro tern.
LEGA_r~ADVERTFs_M_NTJk "~
THE public is hereby warned not to purchase
c»rtlflc«tes of stock of the Stanley Aerial
Navigation Company claimed to be owned by
the following named persons, as their right
to dijpese of the *ame is contested :
XV. T. Harper, certificate No. 104, 4000 shares
B. F. Krelger. certificate No. 105. 4000 share*
R. Bennett, certificate No. 63. 7162 shares
II. H. Reincle. certificate No. 33. 7162 shares
E. L. Snell. certificate No. 69. 7182 shares
J. J. Burt. certificates aggregating 7162 shares.
• Cress Unger. certificates aggregating 71C2
shares.
F. H. Lawn, certificates aggregating 2310
shares.
J. T. Robln3on. certificates aggregating 1D70
shares.
E. B. Babb, certificates aggregating 2194
shares.
A. H. Plepenberg, certificates apsrrefcatlnsr
3000 shares. CHARLKS STANLEY.
President Stanley Aerial Navigation Company.
IN the Superior Court of the City and County
of Ban Francisco, State of California— In the
matter* of Honolulu Buear Com'pany. a cor-
poration, upon Us application for a Judrment
K of dissolution. Notice. — No. 7S.397, Dept. 10.
Notice is hereby riven that Honolulu Sugar
Company, a corporation organized ani exist-
ing under and by virtue of the laws of the
Btate of California, and having Us offlce and
place of business In the city and county of
Ban Francisco, State of California, has filed
It* application, duly verified and signed by a
majority of its board of directors, a-Idressed
to the Superior Court of the city and county
of San Francisco, State of California, pray-
ing for a judgment - of dissolution . of said
corporation; and that Monday, March 25th
1S01. at 10 o'clock a. m., at the courtroom of
tald court. Department No. 10, in the City*
Hall of the city and county of San Fran-
cisco, have been appointed as tha day, time
and place for the hearing of said application
In witness whereof I have hereunto *et my
hand and affixed the Official seal of said Su-
perior Court, this. JOth day of February. 1901
[Seal] WM. A. DEANE.- Clerk. '
By E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk. (In-
dorsed.) Filed Feb. 20. 1901. WM.A. DEANE
Clerk, by E. M. THOMPSON. Deputy Clerk!
IN the Superior Court ot the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California— In the
matter of the estate of THOMAS M. CLUFF.
deceased. Probate No. 22.863. Department 10
Notice for publication of time appointed of
bearing petition for appointment of trustee
C. O. P. 1705.— Notlc* In hereby given that
Friday, the Sth day of March, A. D. lJOl, at
10 o'clock a. rn. of that ri ay and the court-
room of Department No. 10 of said court, at
the New City Hall, In the City and County
of San Francisco. State of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for
hearing the petition of: MARGARET V
¦CLUKF for the appointment of • WILLIAM
CLUFF as sole trustee tor ALFRED
THOMAS CLUFF (a minor) : under the last
wjll of eaid deceased. '
WM. A. DEANE. Clerk.
By V. F. NORTHROF. Deputy Clerk.
Indorsed: Filed February 25. , 19«1. WM. A.
DEANE. Clerk: by ,V. F. NORTHROP.
Deputy Clerk. ,
JOHN H. DICKINSON, attorney, for execu-
?nrv wtfua a^ third fk or. vui. wm;., ,
fcOHTtir.lt.-* ••A«l»-|< > 4SJ.HPA.1T.
(FACtriO StKTBM.)
Train* )»»•» >«tnl ne* Hum Io nrrlf* mi
>-Vy > NAN m* *«' I «<¦«>.
(Main Lii.e, Fool of Market Street)
HAT* — r*OS« JI »Bt;U 1. 1301. — 1IMTI
?<3t>A Bonlcia. Suiiau, Kbnlr*. TacatOia.
Bumxj aad naerametito. . ..«,.... 7i3Or
~i30a D»tK tV'codUnO. Kn!«hU L»ndluf.
M.»rjiTllle. OrotiilM. 7iS«r
7:30* Atlantic K 1 press— Ojdon and East ISiSVr
8iOU« Mailliiox.HantUwoii.VaiieJa, Napa,
< 'allatrra anil Mauta ltuaa • 1 3 0 r
8sO»a NU?f, Lhcnnots, Tncy, Lathrcp,
BtoektoB 7s3«r
S:3»A Shuts Express— Davis, William* (fcr
BarUett rtprlngs). WUlowa, Had
Bluil. ForUand. 7«3«j
• i!IUa Ban Jimc. IJrertnora, Stockton,
Iune, .Hacramrutu.- PlaarriUlft,
M*rj«»ll!-. »;iilc>. IJ«t Itinir 4iS«p
¦>aa* Oakdalr. Chinese, nonura. Carters... 4:H»r
tlio«» H.jitir.M. Nilr» and Way Hutlmis. I li50»
ViUOa Lcs Anceles Ei 4 iro«» — Maclnnx,
Trter, Latiirop. .-n.i'ktmi, .Viiicid
Fimnu and Los Ange.'es 7i3f*»
O.:i<»* V*ll.-J... XlArtlna »i.t \V» 7 Rtaltans !>in«r
I uioi»a Tan OTerlaiMl U.nlte,i— Ogd«D, Uen-
»er, Ooith*. (.'liicaji ti-IOf
IIiOOa Kilts, Stock Ion, »aeran>ent». Men-
data, Frrsao, Ilauferd, VUalla.
l'.>r t«r » i: I • 41 i2O p
1 IiOifA Li*crmnr». Pmigwr. Oonhen Junc-
tion, Bikerstleiil. Los Angelas
fliOOrSauauimilu Hirer .Sce«nima f3iOH<
:i:O«p Il-y wnril», Nilrs and Waf UUtloni. Si-tOr
4t««>r Marttnex. Kan lUinon. ValUJo.
S»|'», I •»!!«». <i-n. .S«.,t* U"11 ViSO*
4i»(ir Kmicla, Wintcm. N«r»meiito,
-» Wmxllaml, KnlkliU lAuUiuf.
M»rrn»tlle, <)ro»fl!« lam©»
4iH«t niywMdm Mle«aiit| San.Io«n ?••"»• a
SsOltr Ki.es. Lirermare, Sinekcia. Lodl ... I0i3o*
gXiaar bu-wrt 1 inl-ril. El Paso. Szir
Orleans and hist. eloiao*
3:OOrTlio O'.tl i.isntteil— Tra-r, Fresno.
It*krrsrt-!.l. Mangtis for aauta Uir-
/ Iiara, IiO* Angles 1 0.39 1
»:0»pXew Url"«ur Etpreiw— Hak emfloM.
rfantn lUrli.r*. !...» Al.flen. IVih-
litC, El I'uo. M«w Ulloaua aiitl
Rast 7i««4
' f!:OOf n»y warily ami Ha:i Joie 7;1Ot
1«!O«r Vatlpjo I IiAU\
«i«ur ()r:«iif»l Mail-Ozilen. Cbejaane.
Omaha. Chlcfi ia:SOp
«:OOf firii tai Miii—OjtJen, Denrer,
Oma-ia, (,*hlc»eo 4:8»r
' 7:00p Orcjj.Hi aud I'nIi/VriW Ki|>reiifi.Nao>
rniuaiitii. Marjfiitllttt. l> l.lln«,
r,,rtli.,i.l, r» (n t M.MU..I ami Kuk Ss3«A
SiO.ip Ban VaW.o. I", vt <V.t», Mirtlaez
«>iA Wai HUUons 11>3Aa
tazO.'Sp Vall-tn I'.HOr
(0 1ST D1VIMOS (Marroiv Unus*).
(rV».t..t M.rk.tStrn-1.)
!»:!:»» Nen»Tk.<:-liWr<lll».Ma<l.lum>, Kfltnti,
i;uii!clar(:rrek,MaiitkC'fiixatiil Way
HUti.)H!» Oi?np
|2ll»P Nitw.irk, CnnriTTl!!*, Sum ,1,,b\ New
.*.!tna.!»n. PcilU.il. ItmiM'. t'fwlc,
8*»t* « int. anU t'riu :i|'al "•".'•»
Suttoi>a f ••••¦»»»
4<l.tr Netark. Maa .)<>•«, t.c* CU'm Si.tv*
dO:SOp Hnnfen' Kirunioa, Sxn Jo«a and
WaySt^t'ona i \1x19r
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frgaltl rktKCtSCO— r«»l *\ Karkal SUe»t (Slip i)—
17:15 »:CO JlOOt.M. 1:33 J:33 " CIS'.*.
rr»aOaUIB-ruttiBruJ«<;.— t'Vr.Q {j.cO 13:05
la.uO.M. 12 C3 8:53 «:»r.u.
COAM IMTIMOl (llmad <;*«;;•).
Clhiftt mid Townweiwl 8t».)
'(UilU* Ocean Vlo*. Mouth Haiwt'(auct«oi>.. . fOi:it»r
7>0»a Hait Jots ami Way fttatl»iiit (N«it
Alimtilirii V/e'Iiir)4iUyinnlr) llSOp
• lOO* h«ii Ji,im>. Troa I'lmw. H.«»t* ('MX.
IVcilic iir..»o. I'm Iti.Mm. Mara
l.nls Okinim, .Hurf. Loupuc ami
l'riiiel|<>il Waf MUllnliS 4ll«r
|n:io» fii,, j, 1J( , a i M t W«y Htatlolis BiS.1%
I l:a<>4 Han Jom ami \T«j Muii.ni 8U«r
t ¦*< I a r Sail M»tr«. ltmlw..ml. Maulo Park.
r»!o Alto. Hanta Clara. Ntn Jim,
Tres Plnoa. t»ula C'nnc. Sa!i|iaa.
Mouieifj ;»inl 1'ncina UruT* tlOiSO*
ftixnr Han Joav mul Way HUUnns ?i3Or
MtlSr S»uJo|«aniirrln«i?al Way SUtlons Vi43*
t.1tu»r Han .Io«». Loa Gatos and I'rlnclpal
\V«y Sl*tioo» t*i*«A
.Ii.inp SuiJom >ml Prlneipsl Way Btaikwa •i.i.l*
u : :;»r S»n Jon* ami U'»y HtaMmii »•;«!•*
all:43r 3an JrmitiufWay ftutlntu 7»»0r
A tor Morning 1* for Afternoon,
t fund at eteepted. J Sunday only.
q Monilars. We<lne»<Iay», TrUays.
cTafdiyn. Thursdays. Sandiya. .
tl H«tnrrta» or>t»
CALIFORNIA NOHTflVESTEM IT. Ctt
sah francisco^Tnd^rtb pacific
. '¦'.:¦: RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon F«rry. Foot of Marktt Sfc
San Fpansl«co to San Rafael.
TTBURON FERRT-rOOT OF MARKET «T.
WEEK DATS-7:3O, »:00. 11:00 a. m.; U:J3» l:».
1:10. 1:10 p. m. Thandaya— Extra trip at U M
&ra. Baturdays— Extra trip* at . 1:M aaA
:so p. m.
BUNDATS-l:M. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; l:$K 1:10.
• :00. 1:20 p. m.
Sara Kat'asI to* San Francisco.
TVEEK DAYS-«:10. 7:50. 1:20. 11:10 a. m.:U:4S.
t:V>. 6:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at 1^4
ana I:1S p. m.
SUNDATS-»:lO. 9:40. U:19 a. m.; 1:441 I:4«.
5:C5. 1:25 p. m.
Between Ean FraodMo aad ScaneU«a Part.
mai schedule as aboy.
Leave I In Effect t ArrlT*
San Francisco. |Not. 7. 1900. | Saa Franelieo.
Week I 6un- I I 8ua- I We*k
Dayt. I day*. { Destination. \ days. | Daya.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 110:40 am 1:40 am
|:J0 pm t:30 am Petaluma. I C:0S pm 10:3S ana
1:10 pm 1:00 pm Santa Row. { I:» pm «:13 paa
Fultoa,
t40am Windsor, U:JS ua
Healdsbttrc.
Lytton.
Oeyiervlll*.
t:S0pm S:00am Cloverdal*. 7:Sptn *:n pm
T:39atn| j Hopland | I
I 1:00 ami and UVlah. I 7:15 pm| «:M pm
I: JO am "~" I ' U«d5 aa
S:00 am CaernevlUs.l 7:35 pm
»:30pm 1 I «:gpn>
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 1:15 am I: Warn
and
8:10 pm 1:00 pm Oien Ellen. I:fl3 pm <:» pn
7:30 am) >:00 ami 110:40 am]10:a am
1:30 pm| 5:00 pmf Sebavopol. ¦ 7:15 pm| 4:23 pm
Stages connect at Santa Ron for Mark Wtst
Fprinjrs and White Sulphur Sprina-a; at Fulton
tor Altrurla: at Lytton for Lytton Sprint*: at
Gcyserville for Skaess Sprints; at Ooverdal*
for the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
BprlnfS, Highland Sprints, Kelseyrllle, C«rl»-
bad Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and BarUett
Springs : »t Uklah for Vichy Sprlnss. Sarito*»
Fprlns'. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Spring*. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Rtrerstde. Llerley*s. Buckntir*.
Bannedrln Heights. Hullville. Orr*i Hot Sprlnn'
Mendoclr.0 City. Fort Braes. Westport, U«aL
Wllletts. Laytonrille. Cummlnrs. Bell's 3prlaj».
Harris. Olsens. Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
. On Sunday*. round-.tr!p tickets to all points
teyond San Rafael at naif rates.
Ticket Office. C30 Market «t.. Chronic!- band,
lug-. H. X. RTAJf.
H. C WHITIXG, Oen. Pass. Act.
Gen. Manager.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via SauaUto Ferry— Foot of Market St.
In. im run, la.sinntn.
9:15a.m.) xrFTTTT T14V«J IfcCOr.lf.
1:43 e.u. • wtEK days 1 fc35p M
4:00 r. M.jSuy over nigh tat the T tVERN UQ:W .»! *,
8:<>>a.w.1 7^>. I liOOr.x.
U:30A.Jf. SUNDAYS 4.-*r.*.
1:13 P.M.) I 5:35p.m.
Fate. San Francisco to Summit and Retnm. fl. 40. .
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St., & Saosalito Ferrr.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEAU.NY ST. Established
In I S3 ft for the treatment of l>rrvata
DIumou, I^nt Manbood. Debility or
dUpas" wenriniron body ami mint] anil
Skin Diseases. The Doctor-cures when
others fall. Try him." t'hsnrcn low.
<'nrr* tusrnnlfrd. Ciillor vrrito.
l>r. J. *'. CJIBBO^i.stu Francisco. Cal.
MOXEY TO LOAX.
RXGHLV respectable, private place io obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Ilaldwin Jewelry Store. £4$ Market
et.; tel. Main 1C44. Branch 18 Third st.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
party; no removal; no ootnmlssion; confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bide., 301 Jones.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
tvatclie?. jewelry. W. J. HEPTHAL. 10 Sixth;
hichprt rrl^-e for old gold, silver, diamond?.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: low»>yt interest; easy termi; no broker-
hire: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 6S.
MONEY loaned i-.-i!ar>>! pecple without security.
HILL, na. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 421 California.
i:00.0C9 TO loan on real estate or for building:
lctv rate. Home nifljc. Co.. 222 Saneome. r. 2.
CAPH leaned on salaries; New York plan. THE
TOT'PI-KY CO.. SIl Parrott building. '
"ASH leaned to salaried p«v?ple on note without
lnaorser. MORRKLL. CCS Examiner building.
TO salaried people without collateral or In-
iVryer. P. F. Rispount Apenry. IC Phelan big.
MCSICAL I.>STKL>llS.Vrs.
THEnn tre terrains anl bargains, but no
b^rpalns that can at a!I compare with the
I'arpalns that w« are offering. Just think cf
i. thorouRhiy prod, reliable piano for J2M that
can be warranted in every respect and boU j
on easy payments. I'y and by »oa can ex-
change it fT a line Decker & Son cr Packard
ar.a have the full amount paid on it eo as
1 art payment. ThiF is one of the bargains
«e have to offer. MAUVAIS 1 MUSIC CO.,
TC9 Market st.
MAl'VAIK* MUFIC CO.. T6S Market St.. are the
aper.te for Decker & Son. Packard. Batimeis-
tcr. Fir.iih i; Barnes, IVi'lard and Arlington
pianos.
.' Y person having use for a piano can be a?-
commodated at Bherau. Clay & Co.'s with I
«atiept payments, lowest prices and most re-
1 able makers to chocpe from. Kach the best I
cf their crade. from Steinway down. Prlv- j
Sippe civen to exchange medium and low
t Ticr-i pianos for a new Steinway any tlm? '
v.ith!n three years frrm .late of purchase
Hea-jtiful new uprights RO !d for S6 cash an3
:* rer month. We effer to pell some good
pianos et J3. J4 and 15 per month. SIIEK-
MAN'. CLAY & CO.. r;tel-.wa- dealers, cor-
r.rr Kearny and gutter sts.. Fan Francisco:
<--.rtifr Hrcadwojr and Thirteenth et.. Oak-
land.
ALL nprtSbtS-4 Novella J6S
« new Ke'.s"«..$ll« u^j7 Marfhslls $!J9 u;>
f> Chickerlnps.. I'3 up i S Pchaerfers ]K up
S Hejn-« Nun! Ptelnways 1S3 uj>
4 EtaQet-Datlfl 49i up" Jewptt* IS3 up
2 Defer Bros.'.. S25 uv ! Mason-Hamlins 365 up
We handle ail irnke*; agents for some of
the eldest and inert famous planes in exist-
ence: Hallett-DaviF, IJehr Bros., etc.; agents
u anted: rents nr.d ea^y payments. HEINE
Piano Co.. 217 Gmry st.
flTS— PTEINWAY upright. Room S8. 217 Geary
Ftrret.
ABSOLUTELY the oHest and largest hout-e
west of Chicsco is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2S.
TS ar.d 30 O'Karrell st. ; pianos, organs ard
all other musical instruments cf all grades
and price*: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing pr-seible dene to please and satisfy th«
customer.
A— SLAUGHTER eale of high grade new and
F*con<3-hs.nd pianos to realize advances an-1
rtorape 'installments). WILSON'S STOR-
AGE, tm Market Ft.
A FEW* new piar.es for $1*9: seeon*
hard tron %ZX 15ENJ. CURTAZ & EON.
16 O'Farre!! st. Chickering and Vose agency.
FPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Steinway,
Knabe ar.d ethers. BKUEXN. 2t'S Post Bt.
?CEAT. srr.a'.l square. $23. ll Avery Et., bet.
Geary or..J Post. Fillinore and Eteiner.
UIQGEST bargain In Fisher upright piano;
nearly new; must be sold. S01 Jones Bt.
CLOSING out stock cf elegant pianos; send
for price. W. C. HAMILTON. 8 Flood bldg.
TINE Ftanilard upright piano; must be sacri-
ficed ::i S days; leaving city. S24 Golden Gate.
V.'ANTED — Five good sqnare pianos for coun-
try schools. BYRON MAUZY. S08 "Post St.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Eteck. Hirimin, Con-
over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co., 314 Post.
BARGAIN— Must be Bold; nice upright piano.
FCHMITZ. 16 McAllister «.. next Htb. Bank.
A NEARLY new rrand upright cheap: brilliant.
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
BYRON MAUZY. agency Sohmer & Co., Byron
Maurv, Gabler and Spellman pianos. 808 Post.
AT KEEITFS. S33 Market st.. 4 elegant up-
rlghts at ycur own price. Shonlnger agencr.
BEST rent rtock in city, new pianos, S3 per
month. BCOTT-CURTAZ. IV) Hayes st.
ET'PnRIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MILLER, maker, repairer. 2 Latham plac«
CHEAPEST and b<»rt in America— The Weekly
c«M. 16 pages, eent to ar.y address in tba
T>!M Pr<>t»« or Cnnafla pm year for tl.
OfflCES A.1D STORES TO LET.
CORNER store— West corner Fourth and Perry
«t». : occupied aa grocery and bar for past 39
years: rent 120: water free. Apply to G. H.
CVBSKM & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
OIL.
JOSEPH B. TOPLITZ. SSO Pine street.
1IEMBEE PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Crujntrr rei 1 »hrnr.4*nre t«o1lclted.
OIL LAXDS FOR SALB.
EEC. 24. 28. 20— McKlttrlck patented land; Trill
f»n 160; right on oil trend and has great pros-
pective value; owner needs money. F. R.
GRANNIS, 222 Montgomery et.
FOR Sale— 12*0 acre* In the heart of Colusa
County oil district. 4 miles from the gusher.
at $2 CO per a-cre. or ¦will subdivide. Address
•room 225, Parmtt building.
PAINTERS AM) DCCOKATOnS.
"WsJl paper, window shades; rooms papered. S3
up. Jensen A Bath. S^ Sixth: open erentnr*.
PALMISTRY.
51. JltROME FOFPELLI. splentlfle pBlrnist.^BlS
T&ylor ct.. bet. Geary and Post; te!. Black 561.
PAHTMiilS WASTED.
PARTNER wanted— $1000 cash; esUblished
cigar factory: no experience; full value. Call
<rr adJreea SCHMIDT'S Pharmacy. 642 Krnjr.
PATE.MS A»l> l't:.\SIO.\3.
ADVICE free: no charge usless successful.
OJ5O- P. CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
rERSO.VALS.
A— IF* >our hair is falling or you are bald, call
en DR. O. 6. MOORE. 4S8 Geary St.. and you
»ill not be disappointed; this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed : call or send Tor circular.
JM DESIRABLE men want wives; ladies apply
at my oifice; no let. BLACK, 223 Kearny st.,
rooms 4 and E.
;VALI.'AI3Ln information will be given to all
persjr.s e<3<Iicted to the use of cigarettes, liq-
tior, n-.orphine or any other drug, by MRS.
WILLIAM3. 1S» Folk et. <
H. EAVKET, Corlet and decorator. Is now at
£44 ''j'-.-ry Kt.; [ihoae 17SX.
EAO carpets wove to order and for sale;. also
cher.IIle-wove rues, eilk portiere*; dealer In
carpet twine. In har.k or chain, at lowest '
rates. CEO. MATTHEWS, 70» Fifth.Oakland.
FLFCTKIC llirhfln «>very room — Winchester
Hotel 44 Third rt.. near Market; TOO rooms;
»c to tl M per eight; Jl 50 to *6 per week;
fr^e 'bus ar.d baEgsge to and from the ferry.
CO.. mo-lZU Stockton St.. near Broadway.
>_{j rX) DERBY end Fedora hats, fl 75. Popu-
lcr Price Hattera. 220 Kearny Bt.. near Pine.
(TINE rMltt. J10: dress parts. *1 7$. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery «t.
ECHOOL to learn bairdressinir, hair work, man-
lcuiinr ; private les*on» or class. MISS A. V.
DOYLE. 1T04 Market, bet. Polk and Van Xc»«.
II WEEKLT: suits to order from genuine
Fcotch tJ3 up; fine dress raits, *20 up: ele-
gant overcoats. tlS up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Mnrket et., between Seventh and Eijrhth.
MASQUERADE oorturres. J>!ay books, wigs:
country orders. GOLt>STEI>' A CO.. 7O Mkt.
COOD home open for healthy boy or girl baby.
Mrs.. Dr. Pur.ke. 1416 Eighth «t.. Alamrda.
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" offlce. 1CT1 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
XI A<"HIN"E turning, metal spinning, brass fin-
irhing & models made. A- Graff, 10 Stevenson.
FUPERFLUOUS hair and mole* destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. Ill* Butter Et.
L-R. LAMOTTE"6 French Corn Paint, the best
ccrn cure: 25c; all druggists.
/LFREDt'MS Ejryptitn Henna: rettore« gray
hair to Its natura! color; tl; at all druggists.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
'":¦".. 16 pages, sent to any address in the
Unltel Ftctrs cr Canada one year tot fl,
rxiytare- rm'A. '
rilVSIClA.\S A Mi SLKUEO.VS.
UK. C. C.'o'DONA'ELL— Of fle« and residence^
1C21H Market ft., between Sixth and Seventh.
1»R WONG HIM. herb doctor. eucce«sfu!ly
treats -'I disease* of the human body: «e*
tertlmrtni; Is at nfflce. 11»-I17 Masnn. nr. Ellis.
REALTY TO EXCHAXGE.
ilAIUON GKIFFLN.
Tl» Market, near Cal! bids. Te! Black 1503.
I have a lorg lirt of city and country prop-
emr icr aale end errchacze. pw— «-».
5 t
I TRAVELERS' I
| BANQUET |
i° °
o o
Z The dinner served evsry • Z
\° night In the Santa Fe £
jo Dining Car; en the Call- o
o fornla Limited U a banquet Z
!* and one that either Shsrry *
\o cr Delmonlco would b3 «
o proud to serve. It's lolly, Z
!° too; there is na stagna- Z
]•»': tlon; we keep everything: *>
o movlnj on tha Z
I SANTA FE |
1 ZSLSJLSLISLSL 9 XSJLSUL0JLH9 SLAJLSLSJLJl)
RE At^ ESTATE— .CITY— FOR S A^B.
ALL~GENL ; INE TbaTuSaINS ; In"tHIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market st.
12700— Two swell Mission fiats; 5 rooms each
and stable; rents JSO; mortgage t2JC0.
I2S0O— Sacramento st.. east of Powell; rents
?25: one tenant 10 ycarB.
*3jM— Three nice flats; all rented: near Nine-
teenth and Mission sts.; pays 10 per cent.
$.*>500 — Corner 40xSO, with good 10-rootti
hoL'se; Hyde rt.
JTTro— Splendid investment; near Van Ness
ave.; rents $«1.
$'.•000 — Three S-room modern fiats; rented low
J*S; no3r Leaven worth st.
J'W'0— Business property; Ninth Bt., near
Mission; rents J43. v
$11,000— Store and 2 strictly rrfodern flats of
7 anJ s rooms: north of Market st.
$12,000— SE. cor. Mason and Washington sts.;
Slx$2:6 ft., and 12-room house; will pay hand-
somely if Improved: want offer.
tl2,r,C0— Leavenwcrth st.; rents $105; lot 25-
foot front.
Ji.",t"<o — Grand corner business property; rents
J112: lot HoxVO feet. .
$21,000— Eight grand flats, & and 6 rooms;
near Jones st. ; lot 13x187: pays 10 per cent.
J^. 000— Business property of 4 stores and 8
fiats; rents 1250.
J3S.000— Misslcn-st. corner; 170xlC0; actually
worth $55, 000; must sell at once.
J40.0oo-corner; Golden Gate ave.; 137:6*137:6;
rents ?24O.
l^i.OUO*— Grand corner; 60-foct front; few
blcfcs from Orpheum: pays 8 per cent net.
J7r..0CC— Grand corner; 60-foot front: within
; block of Tivol!; old improvements; rents $400.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6S7 Market st.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOT3.
Quick Sale*, Small Profits, Our Motto!
Cheapest Lots. Best Locations.
$300 to JSOO— Graded Sunset Heights lots; 1'a
' down, flO monthly.
$400 to JSOO— Tour choice In Richmond lots
I Buy from us end eave 2o per cent. $25 down
j $:o monthly.
i 175. $100, $200 to ?3W-Level boulevard lots
and near Mission st.; J10 down, $5 monthly.
$730, $10CD to $2500— Splendid cottages in Sun-
set, Richmond and Mission; all bargains; easy
terms.
Branch offlce Ninth are., near H st. Sunset.
SOL GETZ ic BROTHER.
ROOM 54, CHRONICLE BUILDING.
$l?*0— CHEAPEST home in the city; to effect
quick sale; 4 rooms and stable: well of water
produces 1QP0 gallons per day; street accepted
by city: cement sidewalk; plank side en-
trance; part cash. Call immediately on H
XV. DAVIS, 415 Twenty-nlr.th, nr. Sanchex.
LOTS on Palmer. Laldley and Mateo sts.. from
23 to 1P0 feet frontage; also a frarden, 100x100;
well, trees, etc.; the above wjll be sold at a
reasonable figure; owner wishes to leave the
city. Apply 1SS Laldley st.. corner Fair-
mount; San Mateo cars.
FOR jsale at a bargain — That elearant new 10-
ro->rn house, 775 Cole St.; elegantly decorated;
open daily.
f7W0— S0ilC4 feet: 6 flats and rear house; rent
i r A. Apply 2S17*; Twenty-second St.. rear, be-
tween 9 and 11 o'clock a. rn.
:%: WASHINGTON ST. ~~
?4SO0; must be sold on account cf departure;
house of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25xl27:8 l 4.'
13250 — SUITABLE for fiats: lot on Pacific, nr.
L*rkin. THE MCCARTHY CO., MG Market.
FOR tho be«t located lots In Richmond and the
cheapest call on W. J. Gunn. S30 California.
llt'ST bpII— 2 choice level lots near cars. $123
each. Thlstleton, 272 Sadcwa St., Ocean View.
IF you have lots to sell north cf the Park.
then call on W. J. GUXN. 530 California st.
REAL ESTATE COUXTIIY — For Salt,
FOR Eale— A beautiful heme of 11 acres, about
half tn bearing fruit trees: modern house of
7 rooms: windmill and tankhouse. barn and
chlcken-hiuses. etc.; about SCO chickens.
noire and carriage, tools, etc.. lneludf-d; a
pood Income on the r>!sce; owner going: to th<»
old country: price »4"00; terras to. suit. Call
or addrets MRS. L. JACOI3SEN. Llvermore,
Cal.
AX unprecedented sacrifice; 75-room brick hotel
end furniture; doln£ Immense first-class (JI
a <1ay) business; cost and worth tDO.OCO; of-
fered for $1G.SCO: tins rented for $400; now
run by owner.
N. D. SICKELS. the Land Acent, 6 Geary st.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market ft., near Call b\ig..
has printed lifts farms in Sonoma, Shasta,
Santa Clara. Santa Cruz and other counties.
WANTED — 3 to in acre* cheap land, suitable for
chickens. Box 2124. Call office.
FOR Rent— Handy-Rizea fruit and hay ranch;
near bay. Address bo* 21 li. Call office.
WHITE J. XV. HORN. &I2 Main. Petaluma. for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains. ;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA31EDA HIS At IJSTATK..
VERY special bargains; foreclosure properties;
genuine snaps; enough paid, as I do not be-
lieve In extended ads. J. A. KEMMEL, Bay
Ftatlon. Alamefla.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
NEW up to date 5-room cottage, bath, pantry,
folding doors, wooden mantel, china closet:
aviso medicine closet, porcelain bath and tiled
Fink; patent closet, gas and electric lights;
hot and cold water; stationary tubs; brick
foundation; 7-foot basement; two bay-win-
dows: large lot: all' fenced and cross fenced;
chicken hous*. etc.. price J1S00;. terms to suit;
only two blocks from station and street car
lines; take Berkeley train, get off at Lortn
station. RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON,
Lorin.
Offlce open Sundays.
7-ROOM modern house within «4 block or sta-
tion; street vrork all done: all large rooms
and closetc; price HS30; $300 cash, balance
$15 50 monthly; hous« will rent for $17 JO;
best location In town for business; take
Berkeley train, iret oft at ' Lorin station.
RUDOLPH. PERKINS & LTON, Lorln.
Offlce open Sundays.
FOR bargains in Berkeley or Oaklsnd proper-
ty see R. J. MONTGOMERY, room 3. fourth
floor. Mills building. San Francisco, or 487
Ninth Et.. Oakland.
FRUITYALE ADVERTISEMENTS
FRL'ITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHICKENS'. Chickens'— now Is the time for
chickens; 1 acre of fine deep alluvial soli,
together with all Improvements, for flSSO; only
tZUO ca»h. balance 114 per month: all fenced;
wUh 4-room house: surrounded by the beauti-
ful hlMs of Frultvale. Inquire of RUDOLPH,
PERKINS & LTON; offlce open Sundays;
take Berkeley train, get off at Lorin station.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS,
office— ma broadway:
REAL ESTATE.
$100 CASH, flO monthly; 1 acre of superbTand;
sandy loam soil; assorted orchard In full
bearing: also email vineyard; I-room cottage,
windmill. 50.000-galIon tank; Al water; large
barn, chicken-houses and outhouses: Im-
mense shade trees, shrubbery and flcwers
surrounding; this is a rare property in a very
delightful spot: Laurel Grove Tract, adjoin-
ing Bast Oakland: near a fine 3-story- echool-
house; away from cold wind* and fog' near
Laurel Grove ave.. off School st.; here Is a
lovely *pot for a home.. which you can get
en rental basis; price, all told, $1200. Call or
send for circular. <".O Seventh at., opposite
Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free
H. Z. JONES, owner.
FIVE-room cottage and bath; lot 16 by 133 f*et;
good well and windmill; price $1500; cash $500
and balance on easy terms. Inquire 214 Itan-
nah et.. Watts Tract. Oakland. . .
OAKLAND ' Ft U.MTURfS KCR SALE.
AN Introduction to you from H. Schellbaa*. the
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ItOOMS FOU HOL'SEK1££I>1.\G.
EDDY, 539—2 large well furnished' connecting
rooms; private residence; no children.
FOLSOM. 7T6>4— Z neatly furnished connecting
rooms for housekpg; *very convenience; reas.
GEARY. 631— Furnished /housekeeping room"
with gas stove; rent reasonable.
HOWARD. 1063H — 2 coznpleUly furnished sun-
ny connecting housekeeping rooms; others;
running water.
HOWARD, 1703— Nicely furnished, bay-window,
suited for light houaekpg. ; also single rooms.
JHSFIK, 44S, near Mint— 2 furnished house-
keeping rooms.
MINNA. 434— Large housekeeping room, nicely
furnished. f7. .
NINTH. 113—2 sunny housekeeping rooms; run-
ning water and bath; reasonable.
OCTAVIA. 1453. corner Geary — Large front
room; kitchen; complete; bay window; for 2;
10. *
POINT LOBOS ave.. J120— 2 and 3 sunny fur-
nitiuil hotisekne roonr; $10, $12: nn r.hil.1r#n.
C?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Western Addition Funeral Directors. 242S
California street, between FlUmore and
Stelner. Interment Odd Fellows' Ce^netery-
WENBAN— In this dty, March 4, 1901. Stmeoa
Wenban, beloved husban* of Carrie Wenban.
father of Mrs. W. O. Mills and Mrs. XV. P.
Shaw, and grandfather of Mrs. Walter
Masee. Miss Ethel Dean. Miss Carrie Mills
and Simeon W. Mills, a native of Kent. Eng-
land, aged 78 yengrs. . '- ;
ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Thursday), at 11:30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1920 Van Ness avenue. Interment
private. Please omit flowers. .
WILLIAMS— In this city. March 6. 1901. L!i-
zle Charlotte, beloved wife of Tom Flnley
Williams, dauehter of Peter and the late
Charlotte Mackel, and sister of Henry. Lena.
Emma and Willie Mackel. a native of Chi-
cago, aged 20 years 9 months and 14 days.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday V at 1:30 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors Zt Charles H. Jacob & Co.. SIS Mason
street, between O'Farrell and Geary. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by carriage.
• to-morrow (Friday), at 2 o'clock, at her late
residence, thence to Union Church. Mount
Eden. Interment Mount Eden Cemetery.
VIERHUS— In this city. March 8. 1S01, Kath-
erlne. beloved wife of Robert Vlerhus. and
mother of Claude. Frank and Arthur Vler-
- hup. a native, of Ontario. Canada, aired 3G
years. • .
' ICT Friends and acquaintances are reapect-
fiilly >¦ Invited to attend the funeral services
(C7"FriendB and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 710 Castro street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city. March 6. 1901. John E.
Ryan, beloved brother of Mrs. James Cos-
KTave and Mrs. . D. E. Sheehan of Montana,
a native of County Kildare, Ireland, aged
52 years. ; -
[CXThe remains are at J. C. O'Connor &
Co.'s undertaking parlors. 787 Mission street.
Notice of funeral hereafter. ¦
BCHAEFER — In this city, March 6. 1901.
Charles O. Schaefer. beloved father of Mary
C. Schaefer. a native of Baltimore.
SCHULTZ— In this city, March 4. 1901, Martha
Schultx. dearly beloved wife of . Harry
Echultz. beloved daughter of Jacob and Mar-
tha Rhodes, sister of Mrs. C. Bills and Mrs.
M. Brownintr. and aunt of C. N. Bills end
L. D. Browning, a native of Poughkeepsie,
N. Y. (Poughkeepsie, N. Y., papers please
copy. )
tr_— The funeral ¦ will take place this day
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1820 Filbert street, between Octavia
and Laguna. Interment private.
SHEA-In this' city, March 5, 1901, Patrick
Francis Shea,, dearly beloved son of Michel
and • Kate 8hea, and brother of Thomas,
Mathleu, Nellie and James Shea, a native of
Ban Francisco, aged 13 years 9 months and 12
days.
SIMCOCK— In this dty. March 6, 1901, Cath-
erine, beloved wife of the late Henry Sim-
cock (nee Mitchell), and mother of Annie S.
Reardon and the late Mary F. O'Neill, a na-
tlvo of Monorhamllton. County Leltrim, Ire-
land, aged 74 years 1 month and 4 days.
lO 1 " Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(FTlday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence 710 Castro street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
STEWARD— In Oakland, March 6, 1901. Charles
XV. Steward, father of Mrs. C. H. Williams,
a ratlve of Ohio, aged 45 years.
THOMPSON— In this city, March 5. 1901. Marv
A snes. beloved wife of", the late William
Thompson, mother of Henry Thompson, Mrs.
Ward Lane, Mrs. R.R. Cook and Mrs. Eu-
gene Ayers.and grandmother of Clotllde
• Lane and - Albert and Ida Cook, a native of
Queens town. County Cork. Ireland, a*ed 63
years 7 months and 19 days.
THOMSON-In this city, March 6, 1901, Leona
Ruth, beloved daughter of George S. .and
Mary A. Thomson. . sister of William G. and
George R. Thomson, . and frranddauxhter of
Mr. • and Mrs. W. C. Thomson and Mrs. A.
Tessler, a native of San Francisco, . aged 1
year 3 months and 19 days.
TUCKSEN-In Mount Eden, March 5, 190L
¦ Maria. Paulina, i beloved; wife of- J. P. Tuck-
'. sen, • and mother of Martin and Jennie Tuck-
sen and Mrs. Mary Hennlngsen.' a native of
Germany, aged years and 8 months.
C7"Notlce of. funeral hereafter.
O'DWYER— In this dty. March 6. 1901. James,
beloved husband of Margaret G. O'Dwyer.
father of Imelda and Raymond O'Dwyer, and
brother of Thomas J. and the late Charles,
Mamie and Ellen O'Dwyer, a native of San
Francisco, aged 37 years 1 month and 6 days.
_ty"Frien,ds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
¦ (Friday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company. 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. • •
PICONSO— In this city, March 6, 1S01. John
K.. dearly beloved husband of Florence K.
Plconso. -son of Bartolomeo and Louisa Pic^
onso, and brother of Hose and Lawrence
Plconso and Mrs. A. M. Parry, a native of
i New York, aged 25 years 9 months and 9
days. . '
PLUNKETT — A month's mind for the repose
of the soul of Mrs. Hannah Plunkett. beloved
mother of Mamie, Kate. Lillian and Mar-
garet Pliinkett, will be celebrated at thJ
Dominican Church. Bush and Stelner streets,
. to-morrow (Friday), at 9 o'clock.
REILLY— In this city. March 6. 1901, Bernard
T., beloved husband of Annie Rellly, father
of Mary and Thomas Rellly, Mrs. F. C. Pen-
dergaet and Mrs. J. Fennell. and brother of
Mrs. Mary' McCormick, a native of County
- Cavan. Ireland, ased 86 years and 6 months.
RF.ARDON— In this city. March 5, 1901. M
Florence, beloved daughter of Nell and Annie
6. Reardon, and granddaughter of the late
Mrs. Henry Slmcock, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 11 year; 5 months and 2 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Thursday). at 1:80 o'clock, from the parlors
of the California Undertaking Company, 405
Powell street, near Post. Interment OdJ
Fellows' Cemetery.
DOXEGAN— In this city. 'March 0, 1901. Mary,
beloved wife of the late John J. Donegan
mother of Margaret A.. John J., Jerome P.,
Mary A. and Catherine E. Donegan, and be-
loved sister of Daniel, Michael and John
Donovan and Mrs. Frank Kroutch. a native
of the parish of Myross. County Cork, Ire-
land, aged -48 years and 1 month.
EyFrtendS and acquaintances are respect-
• fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 4$ Ritch street, between Third and
Fourth, off Folsom, thence to St. 'Patriot's
Church. Mission street, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for tho repose of her
soul, commencine at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRIOOS-MULLANEY— In Vallejo, March 5,
1901, Bennie. beloved son of Lucretia Mfti-
laney, stepson of J. A. Mullaney of Vallejo.
and brother of Harry F. and Adelaide L.
Grlggs, a native of Sacramento, aged 23
years and 10 months. (Sacramento papers
please copy.)
JAHNIGEN— In Oakland, March 6. 1901. at 1515
Market street, Mrs. Geslene Jahnlgen, a na-
tive, of Germany, aged 43 years.
JOHNSON— Drowned, In this city. February 22,
1901, John Charles Johnson. ,
KILLAVARY— In this city. March «, 1901. Le-
vlna Killavary, beloved sister of Patrick K.
IJUrke, Mrs. Charles MurDhy and Mrs. E.
Oilman of Los Angeles, a native of County
Derry, Ireland, aged 43 years 6 months anJ
15 days.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral ttt-morrow
(Friday), at 9:15 o'clock, from the residence
of her sister, Mrs. Charles Murohy, 431
Twenty-fifth avenue, between Point Lobos
avenue and Clement street, thence to Star of
the Sea Church, Eighth avenue, Richmond,
for services at, 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LANGAN— In thlB city, March 5. 1S01. Owen
Lancon, a native of Ireland, aged 60 years,
C7The funeral will tak<»- place this duj
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors of
A. XV. Martin & Co.. 313 O'Fafrell street.
LOUENZ— In this City, March 6, 1901, Carl
Caesar Lorenr, beloved son of Mrs. A. C.
Huttmann, and brother of Gustav Lorenz, a
native of Holsteln, Germany, aged 31 years
and 2 months.
McKEOAVN— In this city, March 5, 1901, Wil-
liam J., dearly beloved husband of Margaret
McKeown (nee Ward), loyina father of Roy
McKeown, beloved son of Mary J. anil tha
late William McKeown. and brother of Rich-
ard and Mlnnla McKeown. Mrs. XV. Francis
and the late Thomas McKeown. a native of
Belfast, Ireland, aged 80 years 10 months and
5 daya. A member ot Court Seal Rock No.
45, F. cf A.
ICT Friends of the family are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Fri-
day), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lare residence.
S7 Stiver street, between Pecnn-1 and Third,
and thence to St. Rose's Church, where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
ropese of his scul. commencing ut 9 o'clock.
McLACHL-AN-In this city, March 6,1201.
Georee Mcl^achlan, beloved husband of th*
late Jsne McLachlan. nnd father of May C,
Georjrina. RonaU and Charles McLachlan. a
¦ native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 44 years
and 12 days. .
McLAL'OHLIN-In the City and County Hospi-
tal. March 6. 1M1, Gfwice McLaughlln, a na-
tive of Scotland, aged 44 years.
McLAUGHLIN— In this city. March 6. 1901.
Patrick McLaughlin, a native of Ireland,
a fed 73 years.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. March 8. 1901,
Patrick, beloved brother of John McLaugh-
lln of 210 Rose avenue, a native of the parish
of Leacan, County Longford, Ireland, aged
65 ycurs.
RJT Friends and. acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at S:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co.. 1239 Market rtreet. between
Elchth anri Ninth, thence to Sacred Heart
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— In this city. March 6. 1901. Pat-
rick, dearly beloved husband of Mary O'Con-
nor, and father of Barah,- Charles and Harry
O'Connor and Mrs. Marvin Ford, a native of
County Kerry. Ireland, ogod 65 years.
(CTNotlce of funeral hereafter.
DE LA MONTANYA— In Oakland, March 5,
1901, Archie, dearly beloved son Of Mathew
and Emma de la Montanya Jr.. brother of
Harry, Ethel and Wldbur de la Montanya,
and grandson of Harry N. and Virginia E.
Morse, a native of Oakland, aged 13 years 4
months and 5 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at the
family residence, 1920 Eleventh avenue. East
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Ceme-
tery..
DICKINSON— In this city.- March 6. 1301. John
J. Dickinson, husband of the late Susan D.
Dickinson, and father of Mrs. Cora Dickin-
son Fuller and Frank Dickinson of Napa,
a native of Philadelphia, aged 74 years. A
¦ member of St. Helena Lodge No. . 167, I. O.
O. F.
• CHARLES ANDERSON, Secretary.
COFFIN— In this city, March 6. 1901, Fred F.,
beloved husband of A. W. Coffin, and father
of Mrs. R. Hubbs and Percy H. Coffin, a
native of Ohio, aged 63 years.
«mn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CEDERBLOOM— In this city, March 5,' 1901,
John S. Cederbloom. husband of the late
Hanna Cederbloom. father of A. R. Ceder-
bloom and Mrs. P. ' Rasmussen. and brother
of Mrs. J. M. Elmquist, a native of Sweden,
ajjed 72 years 7 months and 27Mays. A mem-
ber of Pacific Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. F.. and
Scandinavian Society.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from I. O. O. F. Hall,
corner Market and Seventh streets, where
funeral services will be held under the aus-
pices of Pacific Lodge No. 155, I. O. O. F.
i Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. Remains
at the parlors of H. P. Petersen & Co.. 22S
McAllister street. -
OFFICERS and members of the Scandinavian
Society— You are hereby requested to attend
the funeral of our late member. John Ceder-
broom, to-morrow (Friday), ar2 o'clock, from
the Odd Fellows' Hall, corner Seventh and
Market streets. By order of
CHARLES ARMSTRONG. President,
BAIL WAT TBAVEI-
RAILWAY TRAVEL.;
! Santa Fe
| Trains— Daily.
j ' Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
; . Local Lim'd Ovrl'd Local •
! Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:23 p
" Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:13 a
" Fresno .. I:!0 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:08 a
•• Visalla . 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:43 a ,
" Tulare .. 4:27 p 4:?7 p 8:05 a \
I " Bksfleld «:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a ........
: " Kan. Cty 2:41a 7:30 a „
i " Chicago 2:15 p 9:C0 p
I a for morning, p for afternoon.
i 8:00 a. m. train Is tho California Limited.
; Carrying Palace sleeping Cars and Dining;
, Cars through to Chicago, Chair Car runs
j to Bakersfield for accommodation of local
i first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Cor-
responding train arrives at S:55 p. m. daily.
4:20 p. n>. la Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train, arrives at 11:05 a. m. daily. .
8:00 p. m. is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleeper* and
free Reclining' Chair Car. also Palac*
Sleeper, which cuts out "at Fresno. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 5:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. m. Is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaouln Valley. Corre-
| spondlng train arrives at 8:40 a.- m. dally.
Offices — 841 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, Ban Francisco: HIS Broadway, Oak-
land. v_
\CHICACO I
THREE DAYS
San Francisco At 10 A. M.
Chicago, Union Pacific
6- North-fVestern Line
f\OU r BLE Draxeing-Ttoom SUtfifng
I J Cars, Buff it, and Library
"* — Cars, with' barber. \ Din ing Cars 7—
meals a h cart*. Daily Tourist Car
Strvict cuid Ptrsonally Conducted Ex-
cursions retry wteh from San Francisco
at 6 p. tn. Tht btst of trtrtihing.
ft. «. RITCHIE
617 Market St. Qmeral Agent PaelfeOoatt
Palat* Hotel 8A1T rSAXCISCO
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
VUs SmiMlIt* F«rry.
Commencine September »o, 1900.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLBT
AND SAN RAFAEU
WEEK DAYS— «:55. *9:U. U:(M a. m., •_:«*,
1:15. 4:00. 5:15. *6:15. 8:40 p. m_ '
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and Saa
Rafael on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m,
SUNDAYS— '8:00. •".0:00. »11:W a. m., »l:lt
I'M. M:45. 6:30. »:00 p. m. ••-.-.
Trains marked (•> run to San Quentln.
FROM 8AN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO
• WEEK DATS-6:20. t:30. 7:45, 1:30 Kuu.
if.SO. 1:45. •»:»>. 4:J0. 6:20 p. m. *
EXTRA TRIP3 on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:43 and 10:20 p. m.
6UNDATS-4:M. *8:00. 'lO^. «U:44 a. m.
•1:40. »2:i5. 4:45. *«:30 p. m. -
Train* marked <•> start from Ean Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:45. «:45. 7:K. 9:10 a.' nT
Ii:S5. i:10.- 3:J0. 4:54. 5:20 p. m. '
- EXTRA TRIPS on ' Mondays. "Wednesday!
snd Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. n>. —«*¦
HUNDAT8— 8:06. 10:05 a. m,, li:05. 2:UL J : jo
6:00. •:« p. m. '
. THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. w.ek - days— Caiadero and way
stations. — .
- 1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way
stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— Tomales aad way
stations.Your sideboard at home Is Incomplete, If It
U act stocked with Jesse Moore ."A A", whisker.
: Wedding Invitations and visiting cards
engraved and printed. Correct forms and
moderate prices. Sanborn, Vail & Co., 741
Market street. ;••;- •
It is a pleasure to visit our leather goods
department and see the outlay of good
values. ¦ Trunks. -: valises, . pocketbooks.
traveling rolls, cameras, little gold clocks
and toilet articles. All fine leather goods
lettered in gold without charge. San
born,-Vail & Co.,' 711 Market street. ? .-:• ¦•'
Travelers' Delight.
ing California ns are In Washington: At
the Shoreham— C. Luckenbach, Los Ange
les; J. McMuUin. San • Francesco. At the
Ebbltt— G. A. Bolerlck. Los Angeles.
CAIilFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
"WASHINGTON*. March 6.— The follow-
"The-Learnlng of the Jews" 'will be, the
subject of a university extension lecture
to be delivered by Dr.-E..C. Moore of the
department of education of the University.
of. California at 10:30 o # clock Saturday
morning in the State .Normal School
building, Powell street, near Sacramento
Dr. Moore win describe Jewish education
at the time of Christ and discuss the Jew
ish national' school system and the great
academy of Sora.
of the Jews.
* NEW YORK. March 6.— The following
Callfornlans are in New York: From San
Francisco— S. D. Bates, J. H. Graham, at
the Manhattan; H. Schussler. at the Hoff
man. From Los Angeles— X. Refenburg,
at the .Morton; u Dr. H. Pomeroy, at the
Everett.
CALIFOBNIANS IN NEW YORK.
Mrs. George "W. Pullman and Mrs.
Sanger, at present in the southern part
of the State, have telegraphed for apart
ments at the Palace.
E. C. Suttley, a capitalist of Los Ange
les, registered at ihe Occidental yester
day.
Dr. P. K. "Walters of Watsonville Is a
guest at the LJck.
A. M. Jones, a newspaper man of Sa
linas, is staying at the Lick.
E. R. Graham, an oil man of Bakers
field, is at the Palace.
Judge E. C. Hart' of Sacramento Is
registered at the Grand.
F. V. Flint, a merchant of Sacramento,
Is registered at the Grand.
James Finnell, a fruit man and rancher
of St. John, Is at the Palace.
J. F. Mulgrew. manager of Skagga
Springs, is a guest at the Lick.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Sacramento, Fresno and Los Angeles
have afteady formed organizations for the
purpose of attracting colonists and It was
decided that this city should have some
tring of this sort. Various suggestions
were offered, none of which seemed to
meet with favor, but finally It was decided
that the chair be given forty-eight -hours
in which to select a committee of five to
act on the proposition. The meeting was
then adjourned till the expiration of tho
allotted time. . . -'" : - , ¦
Mr. Bunker was chosen chairman of the
meeting and suggestions were requested.
Henry Jacobs, one of the largest fruit
canners of the State, stated that 51.000,000
worth of fruit was rotting on the ground
because there was no labor to be had and»
on this line alone, if visitors could be pur
suaded to remain in this State, it would
be of immense advantage to commercial
interests.
j. p. Whitney, who owns more than o0,
000 acres of valuable fruit land In South
ern California, said that the keynote of
the situation was first to get proper rail
road facilities and then to Induce home
seekers to come here.
K. P. Chipman, president of the State
Board of Trade, said that one of the
greatest services which such a. bureau
could perform was to show how land in
the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys
could be purchased at a cheaper rate than
similar land in the Missouri and Missis
sippi valleys.
Mayor Phelan spoke briefly in regard to
discharged soldiers, statin? that they
were desirable colonists, who would re
main in this section if they could be
shown its advantages.
Representatives of . fruit growers, the
State Board of Trade and of other im
portant commercial bodies of this city and
State met yesterday afternoon In the
rooms of the Chamber of Commerce for
the purpose of taking action in regard
to the establishment of an Information
bureau in San Francisco for the benefit
of the thousands of tourists and colonists
•who are • expected here within a few
months and of the volunteer soldiers who
will be mustered out here between now
and June. -
Fruit Growers and Others
Greatly Interested in
Immigration.
PLAN A BUREAU
OF INFORMATION
Although the presence of oil In large
quantities in California has been known
for a generation, and its development has
been prosecuted In scattered localities for
years, It has never until now assumed the
pioportions of a great and dominant In
dustry. -There Is every indication that
for the next few years ana may be per
manently it will rank with or exceed min
ing as a wealth producer. As a factor
In manufacture In will probably take first
rank, because it bears such close and
Important relations to the fuel problem.
The time to profit by investment in a
new industry is in the first rush of the
tide. Now It is possible to get a secure
footing with a comparatively small capi
tal. -. It is also possible to go into the
field and make personal investigation at
email cost. The Southern Pacific will give
an excursion into the Kern River oil
region at Bakersfleld on Saturday next,
leaving- _ San Francisco at - 7 p. ; m., and
returning early Monday' morning. The
entire day, Sunday, • will be devoted to
side trips to OH City. McKittrick and
elsewhere at slight additional cost. Ten
dollars will be the round trip rate to
Bakersfield, sleeping car extra. Pullman
buffet sleeping cars &nd day coaches will
make up the - special train, and William
H. Menton, the. company's excursion pas
senger agent, will be in command. For
the better comfort of -all it 'is important
that reservation should be made imme
diately. .
Hundreds . Will Visit the
Fields oir Sunday
Next.
OIL ENTHUSIASM
GROWING RAPIDLY
¦U'iniam Price, whe was restored to thp
rsr.k of lieutenant of police by the Police
Commissioners Tuesday night, reported
for duty to Chief Sullivan yesterday
rr.crr.ing. The Chief assigned him to the
Mission district to act in conjunction with
I-ieureriaat Anderson during the absence
through sickness of Captain Gillen. Price
was the recipient »i many hearty con
gratulations from his friends yes'terday
for -having his rights' accorded him and
his reputation a* an honest and efficient
officer re-establisheJ.
It is now In order for Bernard Harter.
Harry Hook. James Kelly and Michael
Murphy to apply for reinstatement as ser
geants. s.s they w^re disrated like Price
without knowing ¦what charge was
brought against th.tn or having the op
portunity cf facing their accusers. It is
probable that the men who were dis
charged about six years ago in the same
mariner will also appiy for reinstatement.
PRICE IS ASSIGNED
TO MISSION DISTRICT
The Pattosien Company Has Some
thing' to Say.
Many times Mr. Pattoslen warned the
public not to buy furniture and carpets
f»n the Installment plan. Read the reports
of all yesterday's dailies in regard to
what has happened to a well-known lady
of this city In buying a piano on the In
stallment plan. She paid $210 on the piano
— a balance due of Jltw. The party fell be
hind paying for two months and asked to
be given another month, which the house
promised to do. but before the month was
up the collector came from the piano
house for the instrument. The lady
pleaded with the roan not to take thn
piano.- saying hex husband made arrange
ments to pay the balance on the first of
the month. It was no use; he forced his
way into the room and called some men.
The poor -woman tried to keep the piano-
She was kicked out of the house and al
most killed. When lying helpless on the
sidewalk the men took the piano and
carried it back to the installment house.
This should be a good lesson to the pub
lic. No. the Pattosien Company don't do
any Installment business. We want to do
an honest business: we have always done
it and -we will continue to do so. The
PattosJen Company, corner Sixteenth and
Mission streets. . - • .
The care of E. I>. Swift, who demanded
a separate trial, will be called this morn-
Ing, but It will probably be dismissed.
Another charge has. however, been pre
ferred against him cf obtaining money by
fa!«e r>retens«>!= for deliver+rcg- plain in-
Ftr-ad of fancy lumber to the department
&rA charring for th* m<-re expensive ma
terial and hr win b» trSM on that charge.
The witnesses examined yesterday
morning v>cre George S. Graham, store
keep. R. P. Hooe. assistant secretary of
the department; C. \V. Welch, its secre
ts-y at the lime of the alleged conspiracy;
W. H. Richard, expert lumberman, and
R. H. Webster. Superintendent of Schools.
By them Assistant District Attcrney
Deuprey failed to prove the c'ontract en
tered Into between E. D. Swift & Co.
and the city and county fcr the supply of
lumber, and he announced that his case
»af closed. Attorney R'.ordan said he
would submit the case on the evidence for
the prosecution and would waive argu.
tn»r.t. The Jury was then instructed to
retire ar.d brought in the verdict as men
tioned.
The casfs of Thomas Burns, ex-School
Director, and J. J. O'Brien, ex-in-
FjwK-tor "' school buildings, charged
¦with conspiracy to defraud the School
Department in connection with lutn
ber sur plied by E. U. Swift & Co..
wr» ended yesterday, the Jury in Judge
Ook's court in less than half a minute
fcr;:;ging in a ven?Ict of "not guilty" in
tzxot of Uj* two defendants. The jury
at the «.irre time found that the defend
ants couid net plead once in jeopardy and
also that they had not previously been
acquitted en the same charge.
Thomas Burns and J. J.
O'Brien Are Declared
to Be Not Guilty.
JURY QUICKLY
ACQUITS THEM
The meeting closed with three hearty
cheers for the . Federation of Labor. The
men then formed and marched to their
hall on East street.
The next speaker was Jefferson B.
Pierce of the American Federation of La
bor, who In vigorous language denounced
the policy of employing Chinese on ves
sels, "thereby jeopardizing lives, solely
that dividends may be declared." He was
followed by Edward Rosenberg, secre
tary of the San Francisco* Labor Coan
cil. who reviewed the present history of
the labor organizations In this city, and
described the efforts of the various
unions to secure their rights.
Macarthur was followed by H. W. Hut
ton, ¦who told of the efforts made In be
half of the sailors in the courts and Leg
islatures of the country. He spoke of the
time when the man who followed the sea
for a living was looked up to. and said
the efforts of the members of the union
should be devoted to procuring such re-
Vision of the statutes as would place the
seafaring man In other than the position
of serfdom which had been his position
for some years past.
The sixteenth anniversary of the organ
ization of the Sailors' Union of the Pa
cific was celebrated last night at Metro
politan Temple, and fully 500 members,
dressed in their neat marching uniform,
turned out to do honor to the event. The
celebration commenced with a parade
along the principal streets, and many
heajrty words of praise were heard, as the
lusty sailors, attired In black trousers and
white sailor blouses, with broad blue col
lars and the natty sailor caps, passed
along the street3 - on - the way to Uie
Temple.
The galleries of the Fifth-street hall
and the seats not reserved for the mem
bers of the union were filled with spec
tators, who heartily cheered the seamen
as they entered the hall.
The celebration was opened by W. Mac
arthur, who in a neat speech reviewed
in a general way the history of the union
since its organization on March 8. 1SS5.
On that date a mere handful of the men
who "go down to the sea In ships'" gath
ered on Folsom-street wharf and laid the
foundation of the organization, which has
since grown to mammoth proportions and
has accomplished a great deal for the
betterment of the condition of the tollers
of the sea, Mr. Macarthur spoke of the
presence of the Chinese crews on ves
sels owned and operated by steamship
companies, and said the Sailors" Union,
would demand legislation that would pro-
Vide that every vessel flying the American
flag must have a full complement of
American seamen, who, in the event of
a disaster such as took place in our own
harbor but a> few days ago. would not
consider the safety of their own lives
before that of the passengers Intrusted
to their care.
Sailors' Union Celebrates
Sixteenth Birthday With
Pomp.
COAST SEAMEN
ARE PROSPEROUS
The investigation Into the loss of the
Eteamship by Inspectors Bolles and Bul
ger was to have been resumed yesterday
afternoon, but owing to the failure of the
Pacific Mail Company to produce some of
the passengers who survived the disaster
as witnesses, the investigation was ad
journed until to-day at 1 p. m.
The heavy wind of yesterday prevented
the use of "the drag rope by the divers,
who hoped to again locate the resting
place of the wreck and make fast to it.
With favorable conditions another at
tempt will be made to fasten the drag
rope on the hull of the submerged ship.
Major T. J. Blakeney yesterday resumed
his investigation into the failure of the
life-savers to respond to the signals of
distress sent out by the Rio de Janeiro
as she was sinking. The result of the
day's work was similar to that of the pre
ceding days and was to the effect that
the distress whistles of the Rio were
heard by soldiers and others who were
stationed at a greater distance from the
Rio than were the officers, and men of the
life-saving stations and that the civilians
and soldiers who heard the signals recog
nized them as those given by a vessel In
distress for the purpose of summoning
assistance. .
F A. Harrington, keeper of the light
house above Fort Point, testified that he
htard the Rio sounding her fog signals be
fore she struck and the danger signal
after she had gone upon the reef. The
last whistle was a long blast lasting four
or five minutes.
William Brander, a passenger on the
Rio, swore that the distress whistles con
tinued without cessation for three or four
minutes and until the vessel sank beneath
the waves. This testimony was cor
roborated by that of Quartermaster Lind-
Private F. W. George of Battery A,
Third Artillery, testified that he was on
puard about three-quarters of a. mile from
Fort Point and that at the time of the
wreck* he heard four short blasts of the
whistle, followed by one long continuous
_-.«..•. » » » «.-• * « ¦'¦¦'.'.I'n'ii'-i.i'iiVii' ¦*
Censure for the Pacific Mall Company,
in apparently atandening all search for
the wreck and the bodies, was freely made
In air circles. The efforts made by The
Call to locate the wreck had no effect in
stirring the Pacific Mail Company to ac
tion.
ps-ri-sa HOUSANDS of persons in the city
. I yesterday read with Interest the ac
1 count of the work carried out on
JJL Tuesday by The Call and Its corps
of Japanese divers to locate the
resting place of the steamship Rio de
Janeiro and the scores of bodies which
are thought to be penned down in the hull
cf the sunken vessel. The probability
that the divers had found the location of
the ship by sweeping the Golden Gate
with a* gigantic drag rope created con
siderable comment and it was the fer
vently expressed hope on all sides that
the relatives of those who lost their lives
in the disaster of February 22 might soon
have the small consolation of at least
knowing where the remains of their loved
ones rest.
The remains which were found Monday
floating In the waters of the bay at El
Campo. and which were supposed to be
those of one of the unfortunate victims
cf the Rio de Janeiro tragedy, was iden
tified yesterday at San Rafael as those of
G. B. Lucetti. a fisherman of San Fran
cisco, who had been missing for over a.
month. The Identification was made by a
friend of the deceased through the me
dium of the description published in the
newspapers. As no marks of violence ap
peared on the corpse it is surmised that
death resulted accidentally. The body was
brought to this city for interment yester
day afternoon.
an Italian Fisherman.
NOT A BIO VICTIM.
Remains at El Campo Are Thoss of
From testimony given at the varlou3 In
vestigations that have followed the wreok
of the Rio it is imo'jsslble to theorize
upon - whose death occurred first: This
gives Mr. Wildman's brother a certain ad
vantage in the litigation yet to come, for
it has often been held "that when the
question of survivorship is raised, when
both decedents were occupying similar po
sitions in the fisrht for life, it shall bo
considered that the stronger of the dece
dents was the survivor. a:id when both
are In good health it shall be c nsidered
that the man was the strorger and hence
the survivor."
The question raised in the present cass
is, however, one upon which the court
must pass unless the heirs cf the dece
dents decide to agre? that both died to
gether and that their heirs are entitled to
an equal division of their estates.
In the event it is proveu that Mrs. "W1M
man died first with her children her hus
band would be her heir, wr.ile If she sur
vived Mr. Wildman though but for a few
seconds she would bs entitled to her com
munity Interest in her husband's estate.
In the event it is Droved that Mrs. Wild
man and her children died first Edwin
Wildman, as his brother's heir, would In
herit the property of bcth. but If other
wise Mrs. Wildman's heirs will come Into
possession of a large portion of bota'de
cedents" estates.
Is In the city enraged «n two efforts. The
first Is to locate the bodies of hl3 brother,
his wife and their children: the second is
to establish if possible who met death
first, Mr. or Mrs, Wildman. This hair
splitting question will-be decided in th«
Probate Court when the applications of
Mrs. Louis Aldrich, mother of Mrs. "Wild
man, for letters of admin«stration upon
her daughter's estate and that of Edwin
Wildman for letters upon his brother's
estate are called for hearing.
Wildman Survived His Wife.
Edwin Wildman. brother of Consul Gen
eral Rounsevelle Wildman, who lost his
life in the wreck of the Rio de Janeiro.
Court to Determine Whether Consul
RAISE QUESTION OF DEATH.
One of these Is Tamada, who has
studied in one of the -Toklo schools for
the past eight years and whose journey
on the lll-fate«l Rio de Janeiro was under
taken in order that he might study the
art of painting as known in the Occident,
In one of the large art centers of the
West. To this end he had obtained a
modest competency, which, with a num
ber of specimens of his work and the rest
of his belongings, was all lost on the Rio.
As may readily be seen by the ambitious
picture (2 feet 6 Inches by 4 feet 4 inches)
the young man's instruction so far has
been obtained from Japanese sources, and
those interested in such matters can eas
ily trace the influences that have affected
him. The picture Is In oils, showing the
vessel half-sunken In the midst of terrific
waves, that bear vivid evidence of the
condition of the painter's mind at the
crucial moment of the wreck. Point Di
ablo is seen in the distance, and the early
dawnllght— also evidence of the artist's
imagination — lies over all.
Survivor of the Rio Disaster.
A strange souvenir of the wreck of the
Rio de Janeiro will shortly be placed on
exhibition in one of the art stores of the
city in the shape of a picture painted by
cue of the survivors of the doomed ves
sel in the act of sinking. The picture has
several kinds of interest. Palmed by a
Japanese hoy, Z. Yamada, a former art
student for eight years in Tokio. it is an
example extraordinary of "American art"
as it is understood in Japan. Yamada ex
plains that "American or European art"
is a. fad Just now in the perspectiveless
land of Hiroshige and Toyokuni. and to
supply this new demand the art schools
are turning out students who will shortly
provide the native art patron with pic
tures In- every way equal to those "mad»
in. America."
Work of a Japanese Art Student, a
PAINTING OF THE WKECK.
one. Harry C. Taylor heard the same
whistles, the latter being about five min
utes' duration. He ran along the bluffs
¦toward the life-saving tower and called
twice to Mark Ellingson, who was sup
posed to be on watch there, but could not
succeed in setting a reply.
The sound of the whistles of distress
were also heard bv S. O. Brydges of Bat
tery E and Sergeant "William Langford of
the same battery.
Major Blakeney caused some of the wit
nesses to face the wall, where they could
not see the clock. &nd requested them to
notify him. when a minute of time should
have elapsed, while he kept tab with his
watch. Of course, the guesses were nol
exact and the major appeared to take
great comfort out of that fact.
The investigation will be resumed at 9
o'clock this morning.
s . - -- ¦
SINKING OF THE RIO DE JANEIRO AS DEPICTED ON CA>TVAS BY Z. YAMADA. A YOUNG JAPANESE ART
IST, WHO WAS A PASSENGER ON THE ILL-FATED STEAMSHIP WHEN SHE WAS SUNK AT ENTRANCE
TO THE GOLDEN GATE.
Ten dcllars per month was allowed for
the rent of a room for athletic purposes,
for the use of the girls of the Lowell High
School.
The pay of substitutes in the evening
high schools was fixed at $3 per night.
Miss E. Hawkins •was assigned to the
Horace Mann Grammar School, and Miss
A. E. Bryant, number one on the day un
assigned list, was placed on the substitute
list.
fnder suspension of the rules, the fall
term will begin on July 22, 1901.
That no examinations be given in the even
ing schools. Principals, upon the recommenda
tlcn of the clase teacher, are authorized to pro
mote deserving pupils.
That no examinations be given to pupils be-
I Jew the third ffrade. but the principal and
: cla«s teacher shall make such promotions as
j they deem advisable.
: That the dates for examinations be as fol
i low*: Monday. June' 3, 15C1— Grammar, 100
I credit*; arithmetic. 1C0 credits (mental 20. vrrit
' ten K-0): Tuesday. June 4. ISC1 — Gecrgraphy. 50
; credits; spellir.f. 189 credits; Wednesday, June
i 5, 13C!— Hiftcry. TO credits.
' That an average of TO per cent must be at
i tal.ied. which thai! be found by counting the
i year's work one-half and the examination cne
! half.
That the rest of the class be examined In
arithmetic. Errammar. geosrraphy, spelling, his
tory, reading- and penmanship.
That henoraries in ell grades be relieved from
final examinations and excused from school
duty Friday. May 31. provided that the num
ber of honorarles Ehall not exceed one-fourth
of the class.
I The following resolutions, forming a
; plan of promotion in primary and Kram-
I mar schools fcr the term ending June 7,
! 1S01, were adopted:
Plan of Promotion.
; Superintendent Webster and Deputy
¦ Kir.gsbury were present during the dis
! cussion. but neither had one word to say.
! They both agreed that Mark's attitude is
¦ a complete vindication of Kingsbury.
I Then. too. thej- are happy in the thought
I that the bill Increasing deputies' salaries
; passed the Senate by a vote of 26 to 4.
: and there is every indication that it will
•*^e passed by the Assembly.
: A further proof that all is not barmo
| riious in the board was presented when
1 an attempt was made to elect a pricipal
I to the O">oper Primary School to succeed
, Mrs. C. R. Pechin. who ¦was transferred
I try the principaiship of the Longfellow
) School, vice Miss Jennie Smith, deceased,
i Casserly and Mark voted for Miss Nora
I Sullivan of the Marshall School, while
Der.man and Kincaid supported Miss Jes
j sie Smith of the Denman School. The
deadlock failed to be broken after three
ballots had been taken, and the matter
i was deferred until the next meeting.
Resolutions of sympathy were extended
j. to the members of the family of Miss
j Jennie Smith, principal of the Longfellow
• School, who died recently. The resolu
! tions recite that in her death the depart
; mer.t has lost one of its most efficient.
i conscientious and valued principals, and
¦ the cause of education one who has given
I her entire life t» Its Interests.
President Kincaid surrendered the chair
temporarilv to Denman and said that she
had talked the matter over very carefullj
with Mr. Mark, and she. too. was con
vinced that the resolution should stand.
Casserly expressed himself similarlj*.
and the resolution was adopted, with
Mark alone voting against it.
President Kincaid Takes Floor.
"I am opposed to any chance, in *h«
record." said Denman, "notwithstanding
Mr. Mark's denial. I am quite sure that
we did not misunderstand Mr. Mark when
he ir.fonsed us that Kingsbury had made
his proposition."
"It Is a harsh Interpretation of the con
versation had between Kingsburj' and
myself regarding: school legislation to say
that he had offered a bribe. In making
rny statement to this board I may have
misunderstood the intent and purpose of
Mr. Kir.gsbury in the discussion."
That dissension is brewing am*n? the
members of Phelan's Board of Education
was made manifest at yesterday's meet
ing, when Directors KIncald, Denman and
Casserly declined to accede to Mark's re
quest that a portion of a resolution,
wherein Deputy Superintendent of
Schools Klngsbury Is charged with hav
ing proposed to withdraw from the Leg
islature bills objectionable to the board
if It would support the one increasing the
salaries of deputy school superintendents
from S1S00 to 13000 per year, be stricken
out. The resolution was adopted at the
last meeting of the board, and when the
mlr.utes were being read Mark rose and
objected to the passage of the section of
the resolution accusing Kingsburj' of
having offered a bribe. He said:
Deadlock in Election of Principal
to Cooper School — New Rules
Adopted for Promotion
of Pupils.
Mark's Vindication of Dep
uty Kingsburj Is Not
Accepted.
FRICTION EXISTS
IN SCHOOL BOARD
; . , ¦ __ - ¦¦¦-..¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, THURSDAY, MARCH •¦¦••,¦¦¦ jyui.
Pacific Mail Company Is Making No Effort to Locate the
Ship or Recover Any Bodies Held Down in the Hull.
Presidio Soldiers Testify to Hearing Distress Calls
CALL'S DIVERS WILL AGAIN TRY
TO FASTEN ROPES TO RIO'S WRECK
12
Special Bargain
DAY!
8 SPECIALS Q
SPECIALS 0
CORSETS. '
STRAIGHT FRONT CORSETS, in any
make. A good $1 SO quality for QO/>
if not satisfactory or should not wear-
well, we will give you a new one.
SHIRT WAISTS.
Newest colors, latest style: our own make:
a good $1.00 quality.; To-day "7^\C*
3.
All colors, pique yoke front and O zr ~»
back. To-day *Ot
4.
CHILDREN'S PIQUE CAPES, lined with
Canton flannel, three rows of wide em-
broidery, worth . 12.50. To- C| s4Q
day ..... vl»tO
5.
Our 65c SAILOR COLLAR GOWNS, fall
length, all sires, neatly trimmed QQr»
with embroidery Ot/v
A.
CHILDREN'S WHITE LAWN DRESSES—
a" 75c quality, ; prettily trimmed, .* Q.
all sizes T"C7V»
7.
EMBROIDERIES.
About one dozen different designs OPEN
" WORK, three inches wide, res- . Cks*
ular price 15c. To-day... i/v
.¦ " ?;¦.-;; ..." . . ; 8.- ' ¦ ¦ ;•
BLACK SATIN CORDED BELTS €%PZ n
in all sizes, a &0c quality. To-day aOC
DON'T FORGET, we are showing air the
latest novelties • in • SPRING WAISTS —
USUAL. POPULAR PRICES. ;
1212-1214 MARKET ST;,
Bet. Tajbr .and Jonei.
. Mail orders received. -
EXPEET OPTICIAN.
Eale'B. ; f Hale'*.
ftP^ linen Handkerchiefs 5c t- <Jj*
<y and oth^r fine handkerchief values *^2Sr
made possible by this spring *
movement. %
' t CHAPTER III % Fir$t the lmen ''- The} ' arC aU
Of Our Store Star/. linen > tO °' and ver >' hard tO fimL l
h.b. Gloves $1.00. But our New \ ork men are on
we know aa about them. the alert. Thev snapped up this
We know the skins are net - * .*. - ¦¦ f
«M>&TKfL&"-ffi? Iot for our s P rin S sale— hem-
s^ie! 3 iSr&.w n few u^ stitched— I2co of them.
c^n^-w.Tknow^o'w'the 0 ; Second the cotton : —Factory
are finished. We know they . . t
are good, we know you'ii be men sent us 36,144 ot them to ¦
tatisfled with them. A dol- »™
X lar a pair. Spring shades. _ clOSe OUt. They Say they HlUSt i
keep showinr new styles. So every now and th«n they get rid cf the j
older patterns at a loss. What is the style to you? You wast Qual-
ity. It's here. ¦
5c Jot* handkerchiefs worth IOc.
Fancy taped effects— hemstitched — or fine camfcric hemstitched and
embroidered— also cambric with lace corners.
9: for handkerchiefs worth Ire and 20c. •
Cambric with double rows of hemstitching and val. insertion or
hemstitched with lace corners, or lac© edged and embroidered corners
or fine Swiss lace edged with insertion.
15c. for handkerchiefs worth 25c. . j
Cambric — one row plain hemstitching and one of spoke stitch Inclos-
ing: a beautiful embroidery insertion, also Swiss with lace and era-
broidery put on In many striking and effective ways.
Tennis and Baseball Supplies-J^rt^Vroad
Now for outdoor sports. We are more than ready to give you
what you -want and for as little money as it is possible to pay.
Baseballs— Jc, 10c and 25c. ReR-ular size tennis net— double court
Hardwood bats— 10c. 23c. 50c and 73c. 38 feet and 13 thread. II 23.
Wire masks, padded on sides— 23c. Good tennis racquets with highiy
EOc and $1. polished frames, strung: with red and
Catchers" mitts— *Sc. EOc. Jl and S2 23. whit" rat— cedar handles — padded wltli
Infielders' gloves from 25c to Jl ZQ. leather. 11 and Jl ZQ each.
Corsets at Half Price.
Good shape, well made and perfect In every particular. Xot a cor-
set at half price you wouldn't be glad to pay full price for. ;
s — 28c for co^6cts worth 5Oc - — 3S- for corsets worth 75c
— 4Sr for cors-«s »orth Sl.OO
Tou may expect as much at half-price as you would at fall price, "
and we can fit every woman who comes, too.
Any wonder, then, that with a store full cf like values our iprisg
sale started off so auspiciously? ;
A CALL REPORTER
CONVINCED
That Mayerlc's G'asses Are Far
Superior to AH Othtrs
for readlr^ cr distance, weak eyes, poor eirht.
htaiiaches, dlizines*, cloudiness of vision, float.
ing spots, pa.!:: about the eyes, behind the head
c* templ^s. r.ervou?!!***, »ore eyes, discharging
eves, feeling like sand in the eyes, crosteyes.
burring:, sciartinp. itching:, scratching, twitch-
in?, jrluey eye*, heavy eyelids, etc. Mayerle'»
*r!a*s«>s re*t the eyes, strengthen the optic
r.»rve ar.d preserve the Eight. Mayerle's
r'.F.s>M are new \isel ty the hlphest United
Stales Artr.y. _Navy and Government officials.
GEORGE MAYERLE.
Gtrnian Expert Optician.
SAN FRANCISCO. March 4. I90L
Mr. Oo Maycr'.e. Optician. San Francisco,
Cal. : Agreeable to promise that after two
y>-ars' use of the glasses you fitted to rny
(¦tjrfct I would tell you what I thought of
(ten. I take pleasure in ¦writing I have never
had t-o tr.uch comfort in the use of glasses as
I had with those procured from you. Their
us? has demonstrated that they restored nor-
mal fight, and I add further that the dally use
cf ¦ -•— ior amsy hours by day and by night
has not produced any strain on the eyes, such
f - 1 fxperiecced with ether glasses. Re-
¦peOfoHy. ERNEST C. STOCK.
GERMAN EYEWATER, 50c.
<~">r.F-j!ta*.:<>n. Examination ici Advice Free.
Op**": Evrniryrs ur.tll 9. Telephose Scuth 57Z.
GEORGE MAYERLE. Gerrr.an Expert Optl-
c'an. Chatter member Acvr.can Associatija c*
Ortlcians; graduate of the N. I. College of
O^hthalmologj-; *l*o American College of Oph-
tha'mol«gy.
1071^ MARKET STREET,
<Ott^<'^ Hiberr.ia Bar.k\ San Francisco. Cal.
f»^ City r>ir«-tory for Eye Specialists.
F'twhs rr>i«>rir.e fr'ass*"* by mail should state
their age: al;=r> whether glasses are wanted for
fa<2'r.s cr distance, or h<~th. and what price.
CUT THIS OUT.
SPECIAL SALE!
Thursday— Friday— Saturday.
Peerless Iceland Freezer —
The most practical Ic« Creaa Freeser niais.
Makes ice cream la 2 minutes.
l-qt. S-qt 3-<jt. 4-ot. «-qt.
Special ..91.35 #1.TO #1.!»5 92.2S S2.HO
Regular ..XI TO C C> 1360 |2 »5 « 75
Eastern Bacon, lb 17lc
Fancy suyar-cared breakfast tecea.
Regularly 2t>c
Baby Pim-Olas, 3 bots . . 50c
Olives stuffed with sweet red Berbers.
Regularly Z'o a, bcttla.
Johannis Water, d ?£ a $1.75
Pts, dozen $1.25
The Qu««3 o* Table "Water*.
Regularly *: Z5 and H 50.
Whiskey, bot 75c, 3 bots $2
Gallon $3.00
E. O. Berrr Ectirbca, clfl and pur*.
Regularly SI and H-
Wood Alcohol, bot 35c, gal $1.20*
For burnlcir.
Regularly <3c ar.d XI SO. I
Salmon, Kb can 10c
. Choice Alaska red salmon.
Regularly 15c 1 ¦'
Finnan Haddies, lb 15c
> New lot Just arrived.
Creamery Butter, square 30c
COUNTRY ORPER3 SOLICITED T
CATALOGUE FREE. '~T
39 STOCKTON ST.. near Market.
Telerfcone— Main 552.
J^y||^ "VAN YROOM" I
: s \l \ r^*X^ MARKET Stm JS
\ PAINLESS DENTISTRY! I
hOO.OOO SAFE, SATISFIED
CYCLISTS LAST YEAR.
MORROW COASTER BRAKE.
SAFE, becaus* their wheels were fltte-i
with tile MORROW COASTER BRAKE:
The wheel Is always under control.
SATISFIED. because the MORROW
COASTER BRAKE did just what we
claimed for it:
"RIDE FIFTT MILES. BX7T PE3XCL
OXLY THIRTY-FIVE MILES."
Have your new twentieth century bicy-
cle fitted with it, or put it on yotir old '
wheel. Fits any bicycle, and is . guaran-
teed to give satisfaction. Booklet free.
ECLIPSE MFG. CO.. Elmlra. New York.
DR.MCNULTY.
rrniS WfcLL-K:*OWN A5D RF.UA BLE OLD
-I Sp*cia:i*tfKr?«B!Qod poi3on.(Jonorrhcea,01eet,
£trictor». s-njiii»l Wrtinw. Impotence anJ their
alhrd ntwrdert Hook on Diseases of Meij. ire*.
OverCOyears'-xperence.Term* reasonable. Honr«.
9to3da!ly;C:30t*3.30*T'cm. snndar". 10 tn r_ cimsal-
toUon freeandsacredly confidential. Call or *ddre«
P. RONCOK BfXULTY. H- D.
gg>; KearnrSU »»n Fr»net»e«.Ce»-_
$!0 A- RUPTURE CURED
" -T'-'X^P^ 5 : : <7. '»*• T£M DOLLARS.
'^&&T5SrVe^&mJ^£ i C : '^. Tbon-iand* hATe been trail
rtJE^X'^rf^rai.'i g.,»U pme. Greatest la-
V J^-Sv * ¦ ?J "; v XS-:i?v rearion of the Ace. Secor-
vifScNi* ' u i ' tty arid oomf ort to the rap-
¦oZ^g-^T.^ Wr-^r tired- X© worthies* »*lT(fs
_ - - - —^ST. 'jTr*^^ oTlot^>a»toral>on. ltdcei
*£• »>~'S^jf* the Trort. Inresti^ate!
u C**tlrt5*. r* Kirtasj roll Jr.fonr-ation mEed. Jsnmedt-
Weekly CaU.$1.00 pep Year
I #iii - Ready to Wear, i
I VELVET AND GILT TRIMMED SILK TRIMMED BLOUSE EFFECT i
t DFJESS, new cut skirt. Special to DKES3, blouse aad skirt silk trim' fig
g open sejscn, m;d. Special to open season, Kjj
J* _" QiO»U0 O — — »O0 H
S SILK A,ND GILT TRIMMED S^ r JSpYFnp^ N ?^H?^ 1 ? i
B r»r?-cr t tt _« o . . TRIMMED DRc:S, new Eton ef' ES
I DEcSS. new Etcn effect. Specwl f cct< Spanish fiouncs skirt. Spc H
Q to cpea ss2son. cial to cpea season, ffl
I $20.00 $25.00 I