Continued on Second Page*
Continued on Second Page,
Justice Brown then- entered upon a re-,
view of- the formation of the Government
and the constitution provision ' requiring
that "duties,' imposts and excises shall bo
uniform throughout .the United States,','
saying that' '/it is explained by subsequent
provisions of the constitution that 'no tax
or duty shall be laid, on articles 'exported
from* any State'' and 'no, preference shall
bo given by ' any regulation of commerce
or revenue to the ports of one State o-.cr
those of another.7 nor shall .vessels bound
from or 'to*' one port be obliged to' enter,
clear or pay! duties. lti • another.' " .
In short/ ' he' concluded '. on < that point,
"the constitution .deals with^ States, their
people and their representatives."
, The acquisition : of .and the for
mation ; "of was "discussed. arid
many, authorities: quoted. ~As a result of
these citations the Justice' laid down the
following general, conclusions: .;-¦ •; ¦» v",
I' \ "Eliminating, 'then, from the^ opinions of
this court, ail expressions unnecessary X to
the "disposition of this particular case, and
"gleaning therefrom ; the exact point,' de
cided ' In v ' each; the, following proposition 1
may be considered aa established: ' .
¦! • 1. ; That i the , District ''of Y Columbia
;> the ; Territories ; arc rfnot^ States
the : judidal r^
stitution giving Jurisdiction in cases
between ! citiaens'bf ' different ¦ State's.
' 2. That ' Territories are , not States
FOUR JUSTICES .WHO. FIGURE
PROMINENTLY IN, THE INSU
LAR DECISIONS. .
within 'the' meaning of the revised
statutes, section 709 permitting writs
of error from this court in cases where
the validity ' of , a State's statute ( is
drawn in question.
3. That the District of Columbia
and the .Territories are States, as that
word is used, in treaties with foreign'
powers; , with respect to the owner
ship, disposition and inheritance of
property.
4. That the Territories are not with
in the clause of the constitution pro
viding for the creation of a Supremo
Court and such inferior courts as
Congress may see fit \o establish. ,•
5. That the constitution does not
apply to foreign countries or to trials
therein conducted, and that Congress
may, lawfully, provide for such trials
.before consular tribunals, without th<s
intervention of a grand or petit jury.
¦ 6.1 That* where the constitution haa
been'once formally extended by Con
gress to Territories^ neither "condi
tions nor the Territorial Legislature
can enact laws inconsistent therewith.
Country 's Conditions . Change.
I '' In hla opinion Justice Brown referred at
length .tbfitha decision ot .'¦ Chief Justice
Taney . In ; the t>red Scott case, -giving',es
pecial; consideration' to the sentiment ex
pressed Iby ' him' that*"there ; is no power
given. ', by I the ¦ constitution'. to^ the Federal
Government to,' establish': or maintain col-'
onie» bordering 1 on the United States or at
a { distance; ; to • be ¦ ruled and^ governed at
Its owii 'pleasure : and }t a new. State la
admitted » It ¦ needs ; no'^ further r legislation
by /Cbn'wess;. because 'the constitution i lt- (
self dejBlear.ttie relative rights and powers
and duties of the State and the citizens of
the ' State f and , the . JTederal ;, Government. ;
But Vo power is given to "acquire a Terri
tory, to y be '; held and ' governed r permanen tly
ln'itnatVcharacter.'.'irVj •
'i Oountry'B P^Conditions . Change.™ '^ ;
! i Justice ¦¦ Brown .'^expressed 'the - opinion •
that'lt^was 'unfortunate. 'In. vlew/of the
existing. •'opinion';, of |- the , country . at \. the
time ' the Scott opinion wo» rendered, Just
ties which arc required to be levied, col
lected and paid upon like articles of mer
chandise Imported from foreign coun
tries." '
The Circuit Court of the United States
for the Southern District of New York,
sustained /^he^ Government In ? this posi
tion in imposing' n duty.
The Supreme Court aiflrmed the opinion
of the Circuit .Court, saying:.
"Wo are of the opinion that the Island
of Porto Rico Is a territory. appurtenant,
and belonging to the United States, but
not a part of 'the : United States within
the. revenue' clause' of the constitution;
that the Foraker act Is constitutional so
far as It Imposes ¦ duties upon Imports
from such Islands and,' that the plaintiff
cannot recover back the duties exacted
In ; the case."
Tho opinion of the; court went, into the
case very fully. Justlco Brown early In
his opinion outlined the distinction be
tween this case, and the De Lima case,
which had juat been decided, saying:
"In the case of De Lima versus > Bid
well,, wo hold that upon the ratification
of the treaty of pcace*wlth Spain,' Porto
Rico coased to .be a foreign , country and
that duties were, no longer collectable
upon , merchandise , brought from . that
Island. '¦ We are now asked to hold that
It became ' a part . of , the United ; States
within . that \ provision of the constitution
which declares that 'all i duties, imposts
and excises shall be uniform throughout
the United States.' If Porto Rico be ',a
part of /the United* States, the Foraker
act. Imposing duties upon its products
is unconstitutional, not only by reason of
a violation of the. uniformity clause, but
because by section' 9/ .'vessels bound -to
or -from one State,' cannot 'be obliged to
enter,". clear or pay duties in another.'
Not Answered by Constitution.
"The -case- also involves the broader
question whether ¦ the revenue clauses of
the - constitution ; extend : of ,' their. •. own
force to | our newly acquired Territories.
The constitution itself doos . not ; answer
the question. -'Its' solution' must* be found
In ' the # * naturo fof . the | government 'I created
by, that; instrument, in the opinion ''. ot '¦ its
"contemporaries '/.".in ; . the -K' practical ," con
struction . put ; upon it by7 Congress and ; In
the decisions of this court." ;' " ,
before the opening of the civil war, that
the Chief Justice had felt Impelled to dis
cuss the question upon Its merit*.
"It is," he said, "sufficient to say that
tho country did not acquiesce in the opin
ion and that the civil war which ahortlv
thereafter, followed 'produced such
changes In Judicial as well as public sen
timent as to seriously Impair the author
ity of the cas«." , . •
He added: "The power to prohibit
slavery in the Territories is so different
from the power to imnoso duties upon
Territorial .products and depends upon
such 'different provisions of the constitu
tion that they can; scarcely be considered
as analogous: unless: we assume broadly
that every clause of the constitution at
tachecTto the Territories as well as lo the
States,' a claim quite Inconsistent with the
position of the court in the Canter, case.
The difficulty with the Dred Scott case
was that the court refused to make 'a dis
tinction between property in general . nnd
a wholly, exceptional class of property."
Taking up the'ease in. hand the Justice
continued hi* opinion, stfylng:
Organization of Territories.
,"The practical interpretation put by
Congress upon the constitution has, been
long continued and uniform to the effect
that the constitution is applicable to ter
ritories acquired by purchase or conquest
only when and so , far as Congress < shall
so direct. Notwithstanding its duty to
•guarantee to every State lir this Union a
republican form of government,' 'Congress
did not hesitate In the original organiza
tion of the Territories of Louisiana,.Flor
ida,', the the Northwest 'Territory, and # it»
'subdivision; of Ohio, Indiana, Michigan,
Illinois and Wisconsin and still more re
cently ' In the case : of 'Alaska ' to establish
a form r of, government bearing a ' much ,
greater analogy, to a British crown colony,
than a ' republican ' State of . America and
to 'vest 'the legislative' power either in* a
Governor and council • or a Governor and
Judges to be appointed by. the President. .
• '.'We are aJso of the opinion that power
to acquire territory. by treatyjimplies not
only the power, to > govern . such : territory
but .to; prescribe upon ( what
United', States will 'receive j its inhabitants
and what- their . status: shall -be -in what
Chief Justice Marshall termed . the* 'Airier
lean "empire. ',:> There seems to be no mid
dle ground ' between •; this position and . the
doctrine that if their inhabitants do not
become Immediately upon annexation cit
izens* of : the linked • States their /children
thereafter born.* whether, savages 'or 'dv- 1
WASHINGTON. Msy 27,-In the
United BtfttM Supreme Court
to-day opinions wero handed
down In all but two easts be
foro that court Involving th«
relations of the United States to lti In
ruler possessions. The two cases in which
no conclusion was anounced were thote
known as the fourteen diamond rings
i fine and the aocond of the Dooley cases.
'i tm undecided Dooley case deals with a
}ihn«e of the Porto Rican question, and
the diamond rings case involves the right
tn the free transportation of merchandise
from the Philippines to the United States.
The original intention of the court had
been to adjourn after to-day's pitting for
the term, but discussion of the cases
paBsed on to-day took about live hours,
ro the court adjourned until to-morrow,
when it Is presumed the remaining cases
will be passed upon.
Of the several cases decided to-day the
two which atracted the greatest share of
attention from the court were what is
known as the De Lima case and that
known as the Downes caw. and of these
two the opinion in the Downes case is
considered the most far-reaching, as It af
fects our future relations, whereas the
De Lima case dealt with a transitional
phase of our insular relations.
The De Lima case was the first to re
ceive the attention of the court, and as it
appeared to be quite swecplngly opposed
to the Government's contentions many
persons precipitately, arrived at the con
clusion that the Government had been
worsted all along the line. iThis view
Euffered a decided change when the con
clusion was announced in the Downes
case. The court was very evenly divided
on both caEes, but political lines were
not at all controlling.
Duty Must Be Returned.
The De Lima case involved the power
of the Government to collect a duty on
goods Imported into the United States
from Porto Rico after the ratification of
the treaty of Paris and before the passage
of the Porto Rican act. The court said
the Government's contention In this case
was substantially a claim that Porto Rico
Is foreign territory. The entire case turned
upon that contention. The court held that
the position was not well taken— that Por
to Rico was not at the time foreign ter
ritory, and that therefore the duty which
had been collected must be returned.
The decision In the Downes case fol
lowed the history of the dealings of the
United States with Porto Rico, a step fur
ther. That case dealt with the legality
of the exaction of duties on goods im
ported from Porto Rico into New York
after the paeeage of the Foraker act pro
viding for a duty upon goods shipped from
Porto Rico to the United States. In this
caee the court held that such exaction
was legal and constitutional.
The point of the two opinions con
sidered collectively Is that Fort)
Ulco was never after the acquisition
of that island foreign territory; that
until Congress acted upon tho ques
tion no duty could be collected, but
lhat as soon as Congress outlined a
method of controlling the island's rev
enues that action became binding — in
other words, that Congress has power
under the constitution to prescribe
the manner of collecting the revenues
rf the country's insular possessions,
Chlef Justice and Justice Harlan present
ed their views in written form. Justices
Gray, Shlras, White and McKenna also,
while agreeing with the conclusion an
nounced by. Justice Brown, announced
that they had reached the conclusion by
different lines of argument, and Justices
i. This" case involved the question wheth
er merchandise brought Into the port of
New York from Porto. Rico .since the
p'assage of: the Foraker act is exempt
from duty, notwithstanding the .third
section of that act, " : which- requires the
payment , of "fifteen per cent : of the du-
end has the right to lay a duty on
goods Imported into our insular poi •
sessions from the United States or
exported from them Into the United
States. It holds, in brief, that for tax
ation purposes they are not a part of
the United States to the extent that
goods shipped between their ports
and the United States are entitled to
the same treatment as though they
were shipped between New York and
New Orleans .
Justice Brown delivered 'the court's
opinion In both cases, and there were vig
orous dissenting opinions In both. In the
Downes case four of the nine members of
the court united in en opinion crltcizlug
Jn strong language the opinion of the ma
jority In that caee. In this opposing opin
ion the Chief Justice and' Justices Harlan,
Brewer and Peckham united, and the
FORAKER ACT UPHELD
BY COURT'S DECISION
?
Congress Has the Right to
Legislate for Our. New
Possessions.
WASHINGTON, May 27. — Justice
Brown delivered the opinion of. the 'Court
in the case of Downes versus "Collector
Bldwell, of the port of New', York, ¦ in
which suit was brought by Downes to
recover, back duties to the ' amount of
$659 35 exacted and paid under protest up
on certain oranges consigned; to the
plaintiff at New York and brought thith
er from the port of San Juan, island
of Porto Rico during tho month of No
vember. 1900. ¦ ''/2'i .... .
Gray, White and McKenna announced
opinions outlining their respective posi
tions. Justice Shlras, Justice 7 White nnd
Justice McKenna also dissented In ' the
De Lima case, uniting in an opinion. Jus
tice Gray also presented an Independent
and dissenting opinion In that case.
The small courtroom was crowded to re
pletion throughout the day, prominent
Government officials and many attorneys
being present, and, the proceedings were
followed from etart to finish with keen
Interest. '•»/'
The other eases decided by the court
were Goetze versus the .United States, in
volving duties on Importations from Por
to Rico, and Croseman versus the United
States, duties on Hawaiian imports being
involved. In these two cases the De Lima
case was followed, and assessment of du
ties prior to enactment of legislation for
th»» Islands was hold Illegal.
The assessment of duties was only part
ly sustained in the cases of Dooley and
Armstrong versus the United States. The
duties were held legal when made during
military occupation of Porto Rico and
prior to ratification of the peaco treaty,
but Illegal when levied after the peace
treaty but prior to the passago of the
Foraker act "*¦-£•% ¦- '. '•%.'. ?*,
*
However, Bars Are Thrown Down In
Philippines and Prompt legis
lation May Bo XfodedL
Foraker Act Relating to Porto
Rico Upheld by Majority
Decision.
May Lay Duty on Goods
Coming From Insu
lar Ports.
CONGRESS HAS
RIGHT T O MAKE
TARIFF LAWS
CONSTITUTION,
THE FLAG AND
THE ISLANDS
Views in . Conflict With
Those Expressed
by Brown.
Concurring Opinion in the
Downes Case Reached on
Different Grounds.
Dissenting Decision by Chief Justica
Puller Joined by Harlan, Brewer ;
'>y'A .' .•/'. and.Peckham.
rrrr y ASHINOTON, May 27.—Fol
>\ )A */ lowing Ju»tlc« Brown'i opln
\/\/ ion In the Downes ease. Jus*
v v tlert White delivered an epto
~ 7-771 Jon, In which h« isld Justices
Shiran and MeKnmia united, concurring
in th# decree affirming the Judgment of
the Downes case, but placing it on
ground* which h« laid were not only dif
ferent from but In conflict with those ex
prensed by Justice Brown. The question
At lsiue In this case, he said, was whether
tho provision of the constitution giving
Congress power to lay duties, Imposts and
excises, but requiring that they should be
uniform' "throughout the United States,"
had been violated by the Foraker act Im
posing duties on poods corning: from Porto
Rico Into the United States. The propo
sitions, elaborately argued at the trial,
that the Government of the United States,
being created; by the constitution, that
instrument, where It limits the power of
the Government, does so everywhere,
wherever it3 authority is exerted, were
conceded. Thero never could tx» any seri
ous question that when the Government
3 of the United States exorcises an authority
" winch ' the"* constitution confers the appli
cable limitations of the constitution con
trol It. While this was true universally
In ev«sry case, tho question was not
whether the constitution followed the flag,
but, granting that It did so. what provi
sion wns applicable to particular cases.
The cruses which it wa» said wer© an ex
ception were certain general limitations In
the constitution' In favor of liberty and
property which withdraw all power from
Congress. Such limitations were every
where applicable, and of course could
never be transgressed. In view of this,
the opinion went on; "there Is reason
then to contend In this case that Congress
can destroy the liberties of the people of
Porto Rico by exercising In their regard 1
- powers against freedom and Justice which
the constitution has absolutely denied."
The sole and only issue is, Has
Porto Elco, at the timo of passage of
the act in question, been incorporated
into and become an integral part of
the United States P )'.•?;
' Considering this question. Justice Whits
affirmed that the rule of international law
was that the relation which an acquired
country would bear to the acquiring coun
try in the absence of treaty stipulations
was to be determined by that country con
formably to Its institutions. The"Unlted
States possessed the same powers on this
subject a.<i any qther nation.
Right to Acquire Territory.
.Justice White then went exhaustively
into the history of the United States and
of Its acquired territories,' and In support
of his assertion that our history from the
beginning had manifested that this power
was possessed by the United States. Ah
acknowledgment of our right to acquire
territory, coupled with a contention that
when acquired the territory was abso
lutely and unconditionally Incorporated
Into the United States, he sold, was to ad
mit the power to acquire and Immediately
to deny Its beneficial existence To hold
that the treaty-majclng power cannot in
sert conditions In acquiring would deprive
that power of a necessary attribute and
would confer upon It tho authority to de
stroy/the; Government of the United
States. If millions of Inhabitants of alien
.territory, if acquired by treaty, can. with
out the desire or consent of the people of
the United States, speaking through Con
cms, bo Immediately and Irrevocably in-'
corporate^ Into the United States, the
whole structure of tbo Government can
be overthrown. While thus aggrandizing
the treaty-making power on the one haml,
tho constitution at the same time min
imizes. It on the other, in that it strips
that autherlty of any right to acquire ter
rltoy upon any condition which would
guard the people of the United States
frcm< the evil of Immediate Incorporation.
What also becomes of the popular branch
of Congress, which, though it might be
unwilling to agree to the Incorporation of
alien races, would be Impotent to prevent
Its accomplishment?
\ Forever Part- of TJnionl
*To meet the evil effect of, this 'view, \\%
advocates claimed that all citizenship of
the United • States Is precarious and
flee tins, and subject to be r'old at any
moment like property."; '
He could not assent that the safe
guard*', privileges, rights' and Immunities
of the constitution are so ephemeral that
they could be destroyed by a mere act of
sale. Our .forefathers believed there waa
no power to dispose of sovereignty over
WHAT THE SUPREME COURT'S DECISIONS MEAN
First — Constitution does not follow flag. . A . "'¦>_, . if
Second — Congrress has plenary power to legislate ; for ' territorialpossessions of United States. . • ' »
Third—rVahdity of collection of customs taxes by military authorities in rorto Rico both before and after ratification of treaty of peace and before tak
ing effect of Porto Rican act is sustained. . . kV'^ .
— Customs taxes were wrongfully collected ,011 imports' intorUnited States from Porto Rico after ratification of treaty of peace and before taking
effect of Porto Rican act, on imports into United States from Philippines ;since ratification of treaty of peace, and on imports from j Hawaii into United States af
ter annexation and before taking effect of Hawaiian territorial government law. . , . )^
Fifth — Validity of. duties collected both in UnitedrStates and in Porto Rico under the Porto'Rican act is sustained, and the constitutionality of that
Sixth — All duties collected on imports from Porto Ricobetween ratification of treaty of peace and taking effect of Porto Rican law', all duties collected
on imports from Hawaii between annexation and taking effect .of territorial 1 : law, and all duties collected on imports from Philippines, if paid under protest, must
Seventh — Until Congress shall enact a law providing for the collection of duties on imports from Philippines all goods from those islands must be ad
mitted free of duty. • • ,' U v - ' " '-, •
SUPREME COURT UPHOLDS PRINCIPAL CONTENTIONS OF ADMINISTRATION
IN THE GOVERNMENT OF TERRITORY RECENTLY ACQUIRED BY THE UNITED STATES
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
PRICE FIVE 4 CENTS.
SAN .FRANCISCO,- TUESDAY, MAY. ,28, 1901.
VOLUME L.XXXIX— NO. 179.Silver Service for Battleship's Wardroom and a Tablet for .Front
of Her Pilot House Presented by a Committee of Citizens
Who Came All the Way From the Lakes to Tread Her Decks
PLATE FOR WISCONSIN, THE SHIP,
FROM HER NAMESAKE, TH E STATE
watches and .the marine guard, forming a
. holJtiw square, in 1 , the ' center of which
stood the officers of the ship ln full uni
form and 'the, visiting. officers, Including
Admiral Casey and his staff, besides the
','C.oinnilttee from Wisconsin and a number
of ladles and gentlemen. The presenta-'
tlon was made by Julius Bleyer, secretary
.'of tho committee. - /
HEANS FREE IMPORTATION
OF ARCHIPELAGO'S PRODUCTS
Now That the Barrier Is Thrown Down It Is Expected There
Will Be an Immediate Increase in Importations From Isl
ands, and ; Sugars, Tobaccos and Herrip Be Hurried Here
S0C&AL.L. BUREAU. 1406 G STREET, N.
if W.. WASHINGTON. May 27.— An
(I . extra session of Congress is pos-
elble as a result of the decisions
of the Supreme Court to-day in the
Insular cases, though lt Is not considered
probable by Senators and Representatives
who are now here.
The effect of tho {decision* is to open up
the ports of the United States to the free
importation of all products of the Philip
pines until such time as Congress shall
enact a law prescribing the duties to bo
assessed. Up to this time full Dlngley
duties have been collected on all Imports
from the Philippines. Now that that bar
rier has been thrown down it Is expected^
that there will be an Immediate increase
ln importations from the inlands. Philip
pine sugars, tobaccos, hemp and all other
goods produced in tho islands will be
hurried across the Pacific as fast as pos
sible, with a view to getting them inside
the tariff barrier before Congress can put
the bars up again. V
The effect of this will be not only to
bring goods of the Philippines into direct
competition with similar goods produced
In the United States, which is contrary to
the policy of protection, but lt will result
In an appreciable reduction ln the reve
nues of the Government as well.
The general Impression here to-night Is
that the conditions will not be so serious
as to warrant tho calling of an extra scs
nicn.
Secretary of the Treasury Gage said ho
did* not think It would be necessary to
call Congress together. Senator Lodge
also said he did not think an extra session
would be necessary. ¦ It may bo possible
to accomplish nearly the same effec,t from
a protective point of view 'by the Imposi
tion of an export duty on goods leaving
the Philippines equivalent to the Dlngley
duties. '.V -
Money to Be Refunded.
It Is Impossible to form even an approx
imate estimate of the amount of money
that the, Government will' have to' refund
to Importers under to-day'a decisions of
the court.
"I cannot talk with any certainty about
the amount of money to be ' refunded,"
paid Assistant. Secretary of the Treasury
fipauldlng to-night. "It Is impossible to
even estimate the amount vt money that
will be paid back. To get these figures lt
would be nccessury to communicate with
the various custpm-houscs, ns tho de
partment records do not show payments
of duties that have been protested. As I
understand, the Government can continue
to collect duties from Porto Rico under
the Foraker act, but lt cannot collect
from, the Philippines In the absence of
legislation. The department has a con
tinuing appropriation which will permit
the refunding of duties improperly col
lected unde»r the DLhgley act where pro
tcBt has been made. ' Unless a protest was
mado at the time of payment the Govern
ment will not have to* refund. Tho whole
thing is up in the air now, and I do not
know how the situation Btands. If any
steps are to be taken to close the open
door to tho Philippines lt Is for the Presi
dent to act,"
CONSTITUTION, FLAG AND ISLANDS
Continued From First Page.
Including stamps, licenses, excises and all
the paraphernalia of that system, and
applying It to territories which have hu.l
no experience of this kind, and where it
would prove an Intolerable burden."
Commenting upon the virtual absence of
provision ln the constitution for the ac
quisition of territory. Justloe Brown say*
It can only be accounted for on the ground
that the framers of that Instrument did
not foresee the country's future possibili
ties ln that respect.
"If," he says, "lt be once conceded that
we are at liberty to acquire foreign terri
tory, a presumption arises that our power
with respect to such territory Is the same
power which other nations have been ac
customed to exercise with respect to ter
ritories acquired by them. If, In limiting
the power .which Congress was to exer
cise within the United States, lt was also
Intended to limit lt with recard to sucn
territories as the people of the United
States should thereafter acquire, such lim
itations should have been expressed. In
stead of that we find the constitution
speaking only to States, except In the ter
ritorial clause which Is absolute ln Its
terms and suggestive of no* limitations
upon the power of Congress In dealing
with them. The States could only dele
gate to Congress such power as they
themselves possessed and as they had no
power to acquire new territory they had
none to delegate ln that connection. The
logical Inference from, this is that If Con
gress had power to acquire new territory,
which Is conceded, that power was not
hampered by the constitutional pro
visions."
In the last paragraph of his opinion, be
fore announcing the court's opinion, Jus
tice Brown said:
"Patriotic and Intelligent men may dif
fer widely as to the desirableness of this
or that acquisition, but this is solely a po
litical question. We can only consider this
aspect of the case so far as to say that
no construction of the constitution should
bo adopted which would prevent Congress
from considering each case upon Its
merits, unless the language of tha Instru
ment Imperatively demands It. A false
step at this time might be fatal to the de
velopment of what Chief Justice Marshall
called the American empire. Choice In
some cases, the natural . gravitation of
small bodies toward largo ones In others,
the result of a successful war in still
others, may bring about conditions which
would render the- annexation of distant
possessions desirable. If those possessions
are Inhabited by alien races, differing
from us In religion, customs, laws, meth
ods of taxation and modes of thought, the
administration of government and Justice,
according to Anglo-Saxon principles, may
for a time be Impossible, and the question
at once arises whether large concession*
ought not to be made for a time that, ul
timately, our own theories may be carried
out and the blessings of a free govern
ment under the constitution extended to
them. We decline to hold that there l*
anything in the, constitution to forbid
such action."
Continued From First Page.
FORAKER ACT UPHELD BY DECISION
McKENNA DISSENTS
IN THE DE LIMA CASE
A .< - ; *— — ' m -
Differs From the Easy Definition of the Majority of the
Highest Tribunalon the Question* as to Whether Porto
Rico Is "Foreign /.Country" or Domestic Territory
W-ASHINGTON. May SV-Jus
-tlce McKenna read a dissent
ing opinion ln .the De Lima
case, stating that Justices
, Shlraa and White Joined In
his views. The majority, he said, pro
ceeded on, tho simple proposition that to
settle whether Porto Rico is "foreign
country" or domestic territory is to settle
the controversy, in "litigation In the par
ticular case. But In his views lt could not
turn on so easy a definition. Between the
extremes thero wero other relations which
Porto Rico might sustain to the United
States," and It could bo 'determined that
Porto Rico occupied one "of these other
relations and Its products, hence were sub
ject to duties.
Tho' history of our country, said Jus
tlco McKenna, has examples of tho ac
quisition of foreign territory— examples of
what relationship territory bears to the
United Stateu authorities, executive, .leg
islative and Judicial— as to what was wise
in statesmanship as well as what was
legal and constitutional In withholding or
extending our laws to such territory: and,
finding these examples and authorities In
the way, the opinion of the court attempts
to am>w.er or distinguish or overrulo them.
Ilethbn cited the cases of the United
States vs. Rice,, and Fleming vs. Page.
rtferred to by the majority, and sold the
latter attempted to reconcile them and
dlsmlssod a large part' of Chief , Justice
Taney's decision In the . Page case as
dicta. He thought' both " crises reconcil
able on the ground that they both recog
nized inevitable conditions. Such recog
nition made tho Government provident
and not haphazard. It left to the execu-
tlve and the legislative^ departments that
which pertains to them.
Attacks the Majority.
The opinions expressed in Fleming va.
Page that the boundaries of our country
cchjUI not bo enlarged or restricted by tha
advanco or retreat of armies, and that
whether duties should b* levied wan de
pendent on Congress - granting authority,
should be accepted as wise and consid
erate of ths different functions of the ex
ecutive, legislative and Judicial depart
ments, and of their Independence. Why
should they then be discarded aa dicta?
Justice McKenna called attention to
the fact that after California's an
nexation our - customs laws had been
extended . over It, and asked why
was this necessary If they applied of their
own force. He also controverted other
historical precedents cited by the major
ity and then attacked tha majority for
asserting that without precedent it
would be Irresistibly impelled to the con
clusion that by accession of territory that
territory automatically becamo a part of
tho United States. A treaty, ho said, could
not have nn automatic force contrary to
Its terms or greater than them. Whether
Porto Rico was a foreign country within
the meaning of the revenue laws depend
ed on the treaty.
Justice Gray announced that he like
wise dissented from the majority opinion,
saying briefly that Its Judgment appeared
to him Irreconcilable with the unanimous
opinion of this court in Fleming vs. Page
and with the opinions of the majority of
the Justices ln the case to-day decidod of
Downes vs. Bldwell, these - dissenting
opinions delivered.
lllzed, are such and entitled to all the
rights, privileges and Immunities of cit
izens. .If such be their status, the conse
quence will be extremely serious. Indeed,
lt Is doubtful if Congress would ever as
¦ent to the annexation of territory upon
the condition that its inhabitants, how
ever foreign they may be to our habits,
traditions and modes of life, shall become
at once citizens of the United States, ln
all Its treaties hitherto the treaty-making
power has made special provision for this
subject. ,
- "Orave apprehensions of danger are felt
by many eminent men— a fear lest an un
restrained possession of power on the part
of Congress may lead to unjust and op
pressive legislation, ln which the natural
rights of territories, or their Inhabitants,
may be engulfed in a centralized despot-
Ism. These fears, however, find no Justi
fication ln the action of Congress In the
past century, nor ln the conduct of the
British Parliament toward its outlying
possessions since the American revolu
tion." • . ¦-¦'
Further along Justice Brown remarked:
"Whatever may be finally decided by the
American people as to the status of these
Islands and their* ' Inhabitants— whether
they shall be Introduced Into the sister
hood of State* or be permitted to form
Independent governments— lt does not fol
low that ln the meantime, awaiting that
decision, the people are in the matter of
personal rights unprotected by the provi
sions of our constitution aud subject to
the merely arbitrary control of Congress.
Even If regarded as aliens they are en
titled under the principles of the constitu
tion to be protected. in .life, liberty and
property. ',
"Jjarge powers must 'necessarily be
entrusted ¦ to Congress j in dealing
with these problems and we are
bound to assume that they will . ba
judiciously, exercised. That these
powers may be abused is possible.
But the same may be said of its pow
ers under the constitution as well as
cut side of it. Human wisdom has
never devised a form of government
so perfect that it may not be pervert
rd to bad purposes. It is never con
clusive to argue a gainst, the posses
sion of certain powers from possible
abuse a of them.
"It is safe to say that If Congress should
venture upon ¦ legislation manifestly
dictated by selfish interests, it would re
ceive quick rebuke at the hands of the
people. Indeed, It Is scarcely possible
that Congress could do a greater Injus
tice to these bland* than would be In
volved ln holding that it could not Impose
upon the States taxes and excises with
out extending the same taxes to them.
Such requirements would bring them at
onca within our Internal revenue system.
¦ Continued on Page Nine ",'.
EHJUfiUHBIAHlBBMKS^m
the peoplo of new Territories or posses
sions, Is bound to respect the fundamental
Ruaruntecs ofllfe, liberty and 'property,
but assumes that Congress, Is 'not. bound
in those Territories or possessions to fol
low the rulcn of taxation prescribed, by
tho constitution.,. And yet the power to
tax Involves tho power to destroy,- and tho
levy of duties touches all our people In all
pluces under the Jurisdiction of the Oov
ernment. The opinion adds: ¦ . ;
The logical result Is that Confrresa may pro
hibit commerce altosether between the States
and- Territories, and may prescribe ,< one rule
of taxation ln one -Territory, and h different
nil* ins another. ' That . theory aisumei that
tho conitltutlon created a; government cm
powered to ¦ acqulro countries throuKhout the
world, to N* Kovernod. by* different rules than
thotto obtaining In the original Hlutes and Ter
rltnrten, anaiubiitltutes! for, the present iyk<
tern of republican government a nyitem of
domination over distant provinces In tho.exer
dun of unrestricted power.. . .
In our • judgment, .so' much of the Porto
Itlcnn ACt As authOliies thn Impnnltlun of thewn
ilutli-s Ik Inviillrt, mul plftlntlffi wero entitled
to recovor. • » " •<¦ -¦¦ ' • ¦
Honif srgument wan made as to general con-
K*<<u9nros npprehended ¦ to flow from this re
sult, but tho language. of! : tho constitution In
ton plain and unnmblcumiii to permit It* moAn>
Ihk to b« thui lnfiu«nce<t. • *.'•.•.; L -
Again, It Is objected' on behalf of 1 tho Oov
ernment thst tho posseMlon of «ibsolut» powir
Is «M«ntlHi to the.aoqulslon of vast and dis
tant, territories/ «nd that wo should' rrgurU
tho ultuatlon • si - It • In • to-rt»y .• rathor, than nit
It was t century, ««ro. ;•»?•• •••¦•' „ '
. Hut It must be rememhnred thnt, asMnrahitH
and Hli'ify ilfx-lnred, Die constitution -wa*
frnmeil for ageM to come, and that thn xmkh
cloun men who frtmed It worn w«H Awnrt'tltAt
a mlihty future waited en their work. Th«y
may not, Indeed, havo deliberately .considered
a, triumphal progress of tha nation,, ao such,
around tha earth, but on Marshall w#r>u>: ."It
in not enough to soy that this partlejlar. cwia
was not In thn mind of th« conv#ntlon,\wh«n
the article whs framed, nor of th« Amerlnan
p«ople when lt was adopted. It Is neocssary to
bo farther, and to > any, thnt had i this i particu
lar case been suggested the language; would
havo been so 'varied as to exclude It, or ' It
would have been. made a special exception,'.' .¦
•This cannot be said,, and, on the contrary, in
order to permit: the successful extension of
our institutions, i the reasonable •" presumption
Is that the. limitations- on the , exertion ' or ar
bitrary ' power ' would t have ' been • made more
rigorous. : , -.-'W ¦¦..- \: ¦ . •¦ ; ' ¦.;, ./*; r ,
, Justice ;Harlan'» l - Views.' .
-, Justice Harlan"- ? then ¦ . announced • his
concurrence • with ,'tbe : dissenting opinion
delivered by the Chief Justice. He 're
garded tho Foraker act . as unconstitu
tional In Its rovenuo provisions, ana 'be
lieved that Porto" Rico, after the ratifica
tion of the treaty with Spain, became a
part of. the United States. Referring to
the majority views that tho power of
our government with respect to new. ter
ritory Is 'the same power which other na
tions had boon accustomed to exerciBe,
Justlco .Harlan: said; ...
t tako leave to say If the principles now an
nounced should ever receive the sanction ¦ of a
majority of this court the result will b# a radi
cal and mischievous change In our nyitem of
Kovernment.. Wo will, In that event, paw from
the era of constitutional liberty/ guarded and
protected by a written constitution, Into an era
of lejflslnttve Rhsolutlsm In ronnoCt of many
rights -'that ar» dear to. all peoplo who lovo,
freedom, • ,
In my opinion ConirreM ha« no exlitencaand
can excrcixr no authority outslile of the con
stitution, tUIII lans . Is ; ft. true: that Congress
can doal with now territories Just ns other na
tion* hnvo'done or may dn wllh their new,
tprrltnrlen.- Thin nntlnn In under tht- control
tit A written constitution, which In th« supr«m«.
law of th« Innd and the only souron of the
pownrs which our Government or «ny hranch
or officer nf It may exerclM fit anytlm* or,
at liny place. Monnrchlal and despotic Rgvern
mentM, unrMtralnnn ln~ tlielr pow«r» hy writ
tan constitution*, may do' with nowty acquired
territories what this Government may not rto
eonslHtantly with our 1 fundamental law. The
Idea that this country may acquire terrltnrle*
nny where ' upon tha earth, > by oonquppt • or
treaty, nnd holil thpm n« mew colonies or prov;
Uu-i-h. In wholly InoonslNUnt with thu spirit it ml
trrnlns ag well as with the words of tho con
stitution. .'Tho glory. of our American system
pf • Kov* rnment Is thnt It -WMTrtated by.*
wrlttfln romtltutlon.i which irroteots tha paopis ,
tUHlnot tlm exerol»» of Arbitrary, > unl(mlt«>i1
tio.wer.nnd tho limits of -which may not t»«
imnnfd by th« < (lovernment ' it created, or - by
any branch of lt, • oV.oven by. the penplt who
ordained It, except by ftm#n(fment. 'It wlll-ba
an tvll day for American liberty If th» theory
of auovernment outitlde of the supreme law of
the land finds lodgment In 'their constitutional
Jurisprudence.-. , ¦ .; * ......
Argues for." Unlf onalty.
• Justice i Harlan - commented on ! the > idea
that Congress could "legislate the-con
stitution : Into ' contiguous - territory.*'
Such ' a view, . he • said, might well > cause
surprise, if . not : alarm." Congress > had '* no
existence;, except* by virtue of .; the icon
stitution. He pointed out that the « ma-'
Jority opinion- suggested- that conditions
might arise when the annexation of dis
tant 1 possessions would -become desirable,'.
THROUGH a ' committee which
came out from Wisconsin for
the purpose the battleship Wis
consin was presented with a sil
ver-service for her wardroom
and a plate of bronae for her
pilot house yesterday. The cere-,
mony of presentation took, j)lace on her
forward deck in the presence of her offi
cers and crew and |two score of visitors
vho accompnnied the committee from
Wisconsin out to the warship.
.The silver service consisted of punch
bowls of ample proportions and the ac
companying ladles and cups and trays,
ull beautifully ongraved and all bearing
tbu distinctive kIkii of the State of Wis
consin, the badger. The lithe little ani
mal is fac-slmlled on handles and
stands, on the cups and on the trays and
wherever he can conveniently be put. and,
like tho bear of California, he makes a
most picturesque decoration. Tbe silver.
Is all engraved with the legend, '.'From
the People of Wisconsin, by Unanimous
Vote of the Legislature of 1899."
. The silver service, however, was not the
only nor the most important. presentation.
Tlxre was also the plate of bronze bear
ing the eve# alert badger for the front of
the pilot house, and this, too was ;en-
Kravud with a legend reading "Presentea
by the People of Wisconsin," and with
thin explanatory note:' "Cast from bronze
recovered from tho wrecks of the -Spanish
crultfers destroyed by the United Btntcs
(Wet near Santiago, Cuba, "July 3, 1S0S." .
The plate stands out in bold relief from
the pilot house. It consists "of a shield
bearing the arms of the State of WlBCon
*ln> the plow, emblematic of agriculture,
and tbe anchor, emblematic of commerce,
nnd surrounded ' by a wreath of laurel.
Surmounting lt Is the figure of a badger
crouched and ready for a spring, 1 and
across the face of the shield, In letters of
silver,. Is tho single word "Forward, .the
watchword of Wisconsin 'the Stato-and
hereafter t* bo tho war cry of Wisconsin
the battleship. :
Drawn up n» tho forward deck were tho
In presenting tho plate and the silver
service Mr. Bleyer spoke briefly of the
interest which is taken ln the vessel by
the people of the State after which shb
Is named, and he expressed the hope that
tho watchword of the State would be an
encouragement to the ship iln her craeer
on the sea*. As he commenced speaking
a flag that hung from the pilot houBe and
waf. draped'-over the plate was pulled
aside, disclosing the shield and -badger.
In replying. Captain Relter commented
on the growing popularity and efficiency
of tho navy and upon the Increasing In
tctcst which Is being taken ln tho vowels.
ThlH he attributed to tho practice of nom-
Inir the vessels nfter the large cities and
tlm States of tho Union. A few years ago,
he enld, the navy of the United States was
known In only a few of its towns, and
these. only along the sea coast, • but now
Its fame had spread through the country
until every village and hamlet knew of Its
shins and its deed*, and gloried In 'them.'
It nad come to pan*, he «ald, that the
navy is really tho right arm of the coun
try. - . ¦ ¦• • v .
This ended the ceremonies, and then the
Ruostfl wore escorted aft to the cabin and
the wardroom, whero they were enter
tained In naval style and with naval fare.
ho . that concessions might well ¦ be made
for a time, that ultimately our own
theories might bo carried out. But,
Harlan dissented from -any such theory
of our governmental system, Ho Hii'd:
* .Tho "expanding future of our country,"
Justifying' the belief that' the • United
States is to become what Is called • a
"world power," of which sp much, was
heard In the, argument, does not Justify
any such jugglinff with. the words of the
constitution as would ' authorize the
courts to hold that the words "throuKh
out the United States" In the taxing
clause of 'the conotltutlon do "not em
brace a '/territory of tho United States."
In conclusion, Justice Ilarlan said:
-The addition of Porto Rico 'to the territory of
the United Btates hns been recognised by direct
action- upon tin" purl of Cnngreiii. It hai log.
dinted In recognition of tha treaty with K|uilii.
If Porto nico did not by such action become a
part of tha> United Htates It 'did beoome such
at. least when Conirress passed. the Fomkor act,
I cannot 'believe that Congress may Impnsa any
duty,. Impoit. or. flxolne,' with respect to that
territory and It* people, which li not oonalitent
with t tin eonntltutlnnal - requirements ; that all
duties, • Impost* 'find* excises shall b« uniform
throughout tho United Htntea. ¦¦
PORTO R1GAN DUTIES
ILLEGALLY EXACTED
"" . ¦ • I in i iimn in i II imiiT
Island Not a Foreign Oountry
at the Time of Their
.dolleotion. ...
¦•< wAonif>iuiviN,>iviay,z7.— me rim ca«e
decided waa that of Elian 8.A. Dpllnm «t
al.;^ plaintiff s ' ln ! error, against > Qeorgo ' n.
Bldwell, Collector, of /the -Port"of New
York; the 'case. coming to 1 the- Supreme
Court 'from \ the. Circuit ¦.. Court '6f '"the
United States for' the. District: of New
the territory west of the Missouri, Is not less
within the United States than Maryland or
Pennsylvania; and It Is not less necessary,
on the principles of our constitution, that'uni
formity ln the imposition of Imposts, duties
and excises should be observed In the one than'
In the other. Since, then, the power to lay
and collect taxes, which includes direct taxei*.
Is obviously co-cxtenslve with the power to
lay and collect duties, Imposts and excises,
and since tho latter extends throughout the
United States, lt follows that the power to
impede direct taxes also extends thnaighout
the United States."
Of the suggestion that this statement
was mere dicta Chief 'Justice Fuller bald:
It Is wholly Inadmissible to reject the pro
cess of reasoning by which the Chief Justice
rc-ached and tested the soundness of his con
clusion aa merely obiter. . • •/.•• .
The Chief Justice held the Territories as
w <- cl i? 8 l ,!? e . DI .. 8t £ lct of Columbia to bo pun
of the United States for the purpose of
national taxation and repeated ln eKect
what he had already said In AlcCulloutrh
vs. Maryland, 5 Wheaton, 408: "Through
out this vast reDUbllc, from tho St. Cioix
to the Gulf of Mexico, from the Atlantic
to the Pacific, revenue Is to be collected
nnd expended, armies are to be marched
and supported." Continuing, ho combat
ted the contention that these particular
duties are local. ln their nature and bald
the levy is clearly a regulation of com
merce and' made in the exercise of*'na- !
tlonal power. He added: ¦ ,'
In any point of view the imposition of duties
on commerce operates to regulate commerce,
and is not a matter of local- legislation, and
It follows that the levy of these duties was
In the exercise of the national power to do so.
and subject to tho requirement of geograph
ical uniformity. 7 •
The fact that the proceeds of these duties
are devoted by the act to the use of the Ter
ritory dooB not make national taxes local.
Nobody disputes the power of Congress to
lay and collect duties geographically uniform
and apply the proceeds, by a proper approprl*
atlon act. to the relief of a particular terri
tory, but the destination of ' the I proceeds
would not change the source of the power to
lay and collect. And that suggestion certainly
is not strengthened when based ' on the diver
sion of duties collected from all p*ts of the
United States to a territorial treaslry before
reaching the Treasury of the Unite* States.
Clause 7 of section 9 of article J. provides that
"No money shall be drawn* from the Treas
ury but ln consequence of appropriations made
by law." and the proposition that this may
be rendered inapplicable if the money is not
permitted to be paid in so as to be sURceptlble
of being drawn out Is som#)vhat startling.
The proposition that Chief Justice Mar
shall bad erred in his opinion- and that tne
rule of uniformity was a limitation to try*
States aa such was declared to b*» wholly
unwarranted and quite a number of cane*
were cited In which the Suprome Court
and Congress, notably by the thirteenth
and fifteenth amendments to tho constitu
tion, had sustained the view that the
United States meant Territories as well
as States.
No Boom for Arbitrary Power.
Chief Justice Puller then advanced the
proposition enunciated in MarburR vs.
Madison,- lirst Cranch,,that the constitu
tion was written in order to define and
limit and keep within Its restricted bound
aries all persons and departments of gov
ernment and was meant to leavo no room
for the play and action of purely personal
and arbitrary power. He added:
Krom Marburg vs. Madison to the' present
day no utterance of this court has Intimated
a doubt that In Its operation on the peoplo by
whom and for whom It was established' tho
national Government Is a Government of
t numerated powers, the exercise of uMch in
restricted to tho use of means appropriate and
plainly adapted by. constitutional ends, ami
which arc "not prohibited, but consist
with the letter and spirit of the constitution,"
the powers delegated by the people to their
agents ore not enlarged by the ' expansion of
th domain within which they arc exercised.
When tho restriction on tha exercise of a par
ticular power by a particular agent Is-ascer*
talned, that Is an end of the question.
To hold otherwise is to overthrow the basis
of our constitutional law and, moreover, In
effect, to rcasicrt the proposition • that tho
Hi at r * and not tho people created tho Govern
ment. •
On the contention that by International
law Porto Rico came to us subject to puch
legislation ns Coneress might enact Chief
Justice Fuller said;
The new' master was, In' this initance, the
United Ntates, a constitutional government
with limited powers, and th« terms which th«
constitution, which Itself' Imposed, or which
mlcht ho Imposed In accordance with the con-
Mltutlon, were, the* terms on which tho new
master took pofttesulon.
. Power Not Disputed.' '
Tho power of the' United Htates to aequlro
territory by conquest, by treaty, or by d|n«
covery. and occupation Is not disputed, nor I*
the proposition t!l " t ln all International rela
tions. Interests and res|>onslbllitles the United
Htates is a separate, Independent and
wnerelrcn nation; litit It , does not . do
rlvo its powerf from International law, which,
though a part 'if our municipal lawn, I* not
a part of tli" nrgnnlo Inw nf the land. The
rourc* fit national power In this country Is tha
constitution of tho United Btaten, and the (lnv>
• rriinnit, as to our Internal affair*, priMerum
no inherent nource*. of. foreign power not do*
rlvei! from that Instrument, itixl Inconsistent
with Its letter and spirit, r ¦ -
Chief Juatlcn Fuller absolutely rejected
tho contention that the ruin of uniformity
wni not nppllrablo to Porto Rico bocauflc
It I'ux not been Incorporated Into this or
becomo nn Integral part of tho Unltad,
Htf.tps. Tho word incorporation hod no
occult meaning, and whatever Its ; ultuu-
Uon before, tho Forakor act mado Porto
Hlcn ftn organized Territory of the United
Btnteft. lie could . not accept the vlow
that even after organized "Congress has
the power, to keep It llko a disembodied
nhnde in nn intermediate state of'ambig
uouh existence for unv indefinite. period,
and moro than that, that after lt had been
called from that limbo commerce with it
Is absolutely subject to the will of Con
gress, irrespective of constitutional pro
vision* 1 . 1 "
¦ Majority Concurring Opinion.
' The ', concurring opinion of the* majority
recognizes . that Congress," ln dealing , with
a foot of American territory, and all ter
ritory incorporated Into tha United States
wus taken under a pledge that it should
Lt forever a part of the United States.
He cited the Louisiana Purchase and
other Instances, where considerable time
elapsed prior to •incorporation, and sum
marized his views as follows:
It U then, as I think. Indubitably settled hy
the principles of the law of nations, by the
nature of the Government created under the
constitution, by the express and Implied powers
conferred upon that Government by the consti
tution, by the mode In which those powers have
been executed from the beginning and by an
unbroken line of decisions of this court, first
announced by Marshall, and followed and lu
cidly expounded by Taney. that the treaty
making; power cannot Incorporate territory Into
the United Stales without the expressed and
implied assent of Congress, that It may assert
in a treaty conditions aitaJrm Immediate lncor-
Iteration. It must follow, therefore, that where
a treaty contains no condition! for Incorpora
tion, and, above all, where lt not only haa no
•ucli conditions, but expressly provides to the
contrary. Incorporation docs not arise, until,
In the wisdom of Congress, It Is deemed that
the acquired territory has reached that state
where it la proper that lt should enter Into
and form a part of the American family.
To Be Determined by Congress.
Attention was then -called to the fact
that the trtaty' of peace expressly pro
vided that the civil rights and political
etatu* of the inhabitants of tho Islands
rhould be determined by Congress, and
the conclusion was stated as follows:
The result of what has been said is that
while in an international sense Porto Rico was
rot a foreign country it was foreign to the
United States In a domestic een?e, because the
island had not been incorporated Into the
United States, but waa merely appurtenant
thereto as a possession. As a necessary conse
quence the impost in question assessed on mer.
fhandipe coming from Porto Rico Into the
United States after the cession was within the
powers of Congress, and that body was not.
moreover, as to eueh Impost, controlled by the
clause requiring that imposts should ! be uni
form throughout the United States; In other
words, the provision of the constitution Just
referred to was not applicable to Congress In
licriElating for Porto . Rico.
In concluding, it was said that the
question when Porto Rico was to be in
corporated was a political question, to
be determined by the American, people,
ppeakinsr through Congress, and was not
for the courts to determine.
Justice Gray announced his concur
rence in the majority's conclusion in the
Dowries case and in doing: so said in
substance:
The civil covernment of the United States
cannot extend Immediately and of iu own
force over territory acquired by war. Such
territory murt necessarily. In tht first instance,
tx- governed by the military power, under the
control of the President, as commander in
chief. Ci\-ll government cannot take effect a*
soon as possession is acquired under military
authority, or even as soon as that posne»*lon
is corn mod by treaty. It can b« permanent in
operation only by the action of the appropriate
political doartment of the Government, at
rurh time and In euch decree as that depart
ment may determine. There must, of neces
sity, he a transition i>eriod.
Bo long as CnnrrMK ns« not Incorporated the
territory Into the United fitatet neither military
occupation nor censlon by treaty makes the
conquered territory domestic territory In tho
•rn«t of revenue laws. Hut those laws con
cerning "foreirn countries" Temaln applicable
to the conquered territory until chang-ed by
ConirrcM. Buch was the unanlmoui opinion
«if this court, as declared by Chief Justice
Teney In Fleming- vs. Pare. 9.
If Congress. Is not ready to construct a com
pine government of the conquered territory
it may enobllnh a temporary government,
Mhl'li I* not subject to all the restriction* of
. the constitution.
Kuch was the effect of the act of Oonnre«s
of April 12. l>00. entitled "An act temporarily
to provide revenues and a civil Government for
Pcrto Rico, and for other purposes." The sys
tem of duties temporarily established by that
act during the- transition period was within
the authority of Concreos under the constitu
tion of the United States.
Chief Justice Fuller Dissents.
The chief dlswntlng opinion In the
Dowries cane was announced by Clilff
Justice Fuller, Ju»tlcea Harlan, Brewer
and Pcekham Joining 4n the dissent. He
raid the majority, tnouch widely differ
ing In their reagoninK. seemed to concur
In the view that Porto Rico bclonca to
the LTnlted States, but nevertheless I*
not a part of tho United Staten subject
to the provisions of the constitution in
rerppct to taxes. The Foraker act, under
which dutlce were levied, erected a com
plete form of • Bovrrnment for Porto
Hlco, with a upeclal provision that the
taxea levied In th« TJntted Htate« on
I-»orlo Kican export* should be held as a
Kpeelal fund for Porto Itlco'a benefit. It
wh* admitted that on It* fac« th« pnrt
of tho art with refrr*nc« to duties did
not comply with the rule of uniformity
prescribed by the constitution. Tim
opinion continues:
Marshall's Views Cited.
Th» constitutional uniformity Is a ireorraphl
ral uniformity, but It was wild thnt ComtreKK
in attrmptlni , to li-vy t)irn« dutlrj WM n»t
i jterrUInK powfT dfrtvM from tho flrnt clnuim
of »Act!on (, or restricted by It, because, In
rt-ttlltiK wUh the Territories, «:oncress rx«r
<i>r> unlimited |mw»r» of government, - anil
moreover, that thm« duties »r«« mw»ly local
laxcM. Ttilt* court. In 1K20, wlifn ,Mrir*linll wan
chlff Jimilf" and WMhinctcm, VVllllam John
?on, l.iviDKfi'ni, Todd, I'livuli Hnd Htory were
his assortnt»s, took a different -view of th«
j.nw.-r of Conjsr«*B In the matter of laytna* and
•¦iiilertinii uxes, dutlPK, Imports and exclne*
In th« T''irH'nirn, tnd tt« rullnff In Loueh*
ti'ifuch vt. Illake, t Wheat. 317, has never
been overruled. It Is Mid in one of the opin
ions of the majority thst the Chief Justice
made certain assertions which have occasioned
some embarrassment In other cant*.
1 a tree that the opinion of the court delivered
1 y him must be embarraislnir In this case,
for It is necessary to overrule that decision in
order to reach the result herein announced.
Chief Justice Minshtil In that cue, in eon
rlderlnjr the provision requiring that "Mil dut
ies, imposts and excites shall * be uniform
throughout the United State*,".' said: "Does
this term (the United Bute*), designate tho
whole or any portion of the American em
jiltp? Certainly this question can admit -of
but one answer. It is tbe name riven to our
Kreat republic which Is composed of States
and TerrlU-rleo, The District of Columbia, or
. . ¦ ¦-¦¦ ... ¦ ..¦
EXTRA SESSION OF CONGRESS POSSIBLE
TO IMP0SE DUTY ON PHILIPPINE G00DS
2
PRESENTATION 'OF SILVER SER
" VICE AND PLATE TO THE BAT
TLESHIP WISCONSIN.
Jdic 01 KUMII lidlb.
• Rough finished hats are the most suitable for sum-
mer wear — -in fact they arc the proper thing this season.
They wear well,, look well, and at our prices are in*
pensive. We, sell hats at clothiers' profits — hence our low
prices. ', ,
We have rough hats in Fedoras, Crushers and Golfs
in all the popular colors — \ye arc sure to. have most any
color you want.
See bur window display of the hats.
The prices arc
75c 90c $1.25
718 Market Street.
S— — — — —^ 1 — — — '— — :* -- - — --' ' ' " ' •¦'' - "¦ .' •¦
— — "—^— — — . <Margaret Eheehan, Nellie Peterson, Oenevleve
Hlmrnk, Minnie Connolly, Kllverlne Slmrak.
CertlncateB of promotion from eighth to ninth
year— MUses Lillian Grans, Roa» Walnh, ¦ Klla
Bchoen, Cecelia Uuttgenbach, 'Agnes Kegran, Ida
Kitnk. ¦ | "...
Certlflcatea of promotion from seventh to
eighth year— Mimics Marguerite Button, Frances
Connor, Eleanor Puller, Ella Connolly, . Kathe
rine Ilanley, Mary^Ueasy, . . i' '. : : ; ¦
Certificate! of promotion from sixth to aev
enth year— Mlavea KUIe Hall, Ethel OallaKher,
Annie McCarty,, WlnnlfrM Kugelberg, . Maria
Arinktrnnu Mary Hurley, Malanka 2!ach»rt,
Katlo Z&chert, I^eanora t'eters,' • Lily I'eters,
iSnvna )'"lomi, Kat* I.« Mara, i • ¦
OrtUi^ntea of promotion from fifth to sixth
Knulii— mihhbb Mad''llii« Canhman, Martrufrita
Kelly, Hqm iluniii'y, Oertrudq Catnpball, Helena
Hiilllvnn, Unnevleve Crowlny, Ilarliara Leonard,
I'oarl Leonard, Ada KHth, UrMe^t i Doran,
JJmnin, Costa, Arinln ODonnell, Jennla CoitA
nn<l Masters Walter Alden nnd Loo O'Brien. '
Certificate* of promotion from fourth to fifth
year— Mli«es May ientt, Mary Fttsspatrlek,
M«rri;|i« <i« Journal, Annls Vy*», HuhI« 1ir«»
ii-im, Miut Hhi'-liiin, Nelll# Allison, M»re#n$tt
IliilIlvMii, |^rnii)1ut|n Kiigpll'TK and Mnit«rn
U'd Itlni'ilun, Daniel ftyrnn, KrnnU Klood, John
MeAuliffe and Franels MeAullffa.
iVi'iiiu'ftiH of promotion from third to fourth
ycar—Mlstes - HMIa Crnwloy, Alma liuriih,
.li.K.'|i|iiiif> lluiir-»'y, Oertruds Gannon. Mary
Murphy, Graea aiiirrny, Allee Wright, M«rK«iy
KiiRlini, Km In Henna, Jonerihlns MeQrery,
MmhI.iw Wnlirr ii'i'i/ihipII, William Hi'PKiin.in,
John lir&y, John I'lmn, Aloyslus Hyan, James
Murpliy, llpiiry H.liulun,
oriiMWiin of prninotlon from fflcond to third
Knn1«- MlMrN |imI|iIiUik l'*linili'l', /ItH D'l'i.lllior,
Marlon J'hillljU, mull ft'flrlon, Itana )Jfi«kcr,
Tereva ''hiii(iI»'II, MurY . Atri'urlhy, Miirln
7<allglt, AI\i-h I'liinmlinf, Mhimii>-iI'<) fi'f'.iii
ne|(, Mury I Ippl. TpphIo <7ru»iiux, Teres* <la U
lugher, Sophia S?»ph«it, flrftco MeBhan f
VliJIeri ,' -
i'Hil|f1r«lRH lit i.minnllon (rmn first to enrninl
»rrij.1u-rMlt!HPe ilfil.nln ili.iwn, f^Vft. A rmetriniK,
Mary Jlynn, Mflnrarft Mp»;«Flhy, Uuey nmu
genlisph, yiofanga. Iflernay, ./niiiiiflfia Vp$n\iy,
rt N«la, Mw »'nnv#F|F, AIllb(i(|a,Arfn«tron«,
Hannah r»ee<1, HIKI» ram)],
OfFtlflpntes of prgnmivm from r»pp|vln» elsus
fn flrst (iM^s, I)gy||i, Mulsil
Kelly, mm\* Mood, Ijpjen ZspIipH, Imtiella
MflFden, • Allpa. ietmari], 'fhea HIianHnlii, Mbs»
\nfn MftHliew M«.n«»n, Jpseph WHiiirsfi, i J ft«i
CJ'Sliftiiflifle^y, AlnyfiluH limy, Alteif H«ni«*
Ne ft, Antfieny f^w »r, Wl am c-roWelK
OXE OF TUB FAIR GIRL GRAD
UATES OF SACRED HEART
COLLEGE.
¦niiSnWOOI) OITV, M«y \n,~A jury In
ths dang of n/ W, und-fl, I* Bftmpsim
jihiiIiihi WIIIIiiiii Mn«lin« Him AlMftfiiiiiiir
i'loiin HiM Hfitniiiiiiii lii'HUMlil In'u. vhhIIii!
for Ilirt rio^nrtfHiN. TJi§ Hflilpu wi)» fioni'
IU JiHVsJ'Bfi" Sliffwreit liy jilM|iil|f^ fyt,m a
liu i)fa «||i| HllpWHf) I III WH-MMif fO W b
h ii t>*\i>nu)m jt mm )y gut \mvhm ri/u|p
{ M'f mw m&, &% sar^fi
A JeetiifgF en, eeeifllegy whiHs id h§ap a
f«a§flHaUf8 je*lllaHftifOH fjf Why & fflftOfii
imiiiy itdL'keu ana a wemaii mm ai aif,
J>flmsff«» for the Hunting ot
- Their Bhtnffl© Mill,
Sampion Brothers Fail to Heoover
ITUOHSfl AND PRBH0 ¦ •
FOUND NOT aUIWPY
ASTORIA, May 27,-Urged on by
dreams of fabulous fortunes awaiting
them wh«n th«y Hhould reach their des
tination, several of a party of Nome pros
pectors recently lost their lives In a vain
attempt to locntn mythical Yellow River,
uuppoaedly a branch of tho Kuakoltwlm.
Kor days th* ffold seekers trudged over
tho barren wasto of Ice, «ufferlng terribly
from cold, until, famlshud by thoir lonjr
Journey, moro thnn half of thorn suc
cumbed, ¦ .
For. sovoral y«ars past Yellow River
nnd Its wonderful Kola dcpoHlts have ex
cited prospectors llvlnw In tha vicinity of
Nome, »tnd on prnvlouH occualons nartinit
havtt Htnrted to Jlnd tha goldon atroam.
Oovernmont experts worn sent out, but
thny< pronounced tho storlos of Yellow
River to -ho mythical. Shortly after tha
llrnt of th« year, howovcr, a party of irolrl
aonkfrii, havins heard from uomo Itiner
ant Indian of .the famous fltroam, deter
mined to locnto It. TIioho who ovontunlly
rfl i l ! ir i? e /l t0 No . mo *. el1 of ftWf ul hanlahlps
which they nndurnd. .
Tha river wiih iiupposed to b« 8C0 miles
northwest of Noma, hut, after traversing;
that distance, \h» party found that the
¦I warn did not oxlst, Tho country throuah
which thoy traveled was dfistltiito of tlm
lnjr, and bo sovera was tha weather that
rnHnv of tho prospectors wera frozen to
death, .. i \ ¦ '
News of tha fato of tho hapless proa
poetors Is hroiight by h. h. Uayles, a
mall carrier, who nrrfved hero to.riay on
tha steamer Despatch, Ha, howovnr,
kept no record of tho nnm<m of tho un
fortunates, 13xc<jptlnff Jluyles, tho on y
nornon known to h«Vfl riwwihad Nnmn dur»
]pa, tho winter w«» Ml«s Nina Moora of
Ban irYannlsco, Tha young womivn was w
iitanoirmphar'for tha AlHalm rjommHrclal
Vompany and rnrrlfld mall for the Qov
ernment ana prlvntq (ilspntoiiBs,
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
¦ > ¦
Nome Miners Perish in the
Quest of a River of
Gold. '
MYTHICAL EL DORADO
LURES THEM TO RUIN
Iniiflllya i.imuH fin I'.ye,
GfUBS VAhhim May ff^lflaliirt D#»
fgF«« ft eeiivlet wlio ft fm flays t>m es*
fm&.fFpm (li« Qoahiv Jell Jh ft«v«dft
\y, lost, an ns \m mml wjul# urns
mil tt * m 'P4 ?1H temp el uufoj! Ill fi
?vIiq l\M to eet lili« To en Jo ft dnetoi;, iU
tieaiwi lu the dafku&jgi
motion at the Presidio.
WASHINGTON, May 27.-Tho follow
ing orders wero Issued lo-riny:
Postofllcus discontinued— June 80 in
stead of Juno 29 uh horotoforo an
nounced; California— Qarvansa and High
land Park to ho consolidated with Los
Angeles ofllcA,
Oregon— Sellwood, Multnomnh County,
conaolidated with Portland ofMca,
PoBtmustcr commlsslonedj California-
John W, Knunpi Vyttu, 101 Dorado
County, Postrniistttr AppolDted^WH*)!.
Inffton-^Y, J, Acton, nromerton, iciibmi
County, vlca J, ii. Kill i in, I'ttinuvi'ri,
CaptHln JamoH ji. Houston, PaymftMter,
iu orrtpred \mutq thg flXflrnlnlim nanrrt at
tha pregldlu, mm Kr&nulBqo, for exami
nation tor promotion.
Tho following iicnuffinM wera laHiiad »<».
dayi OHllfornla=OrlBlnftJ=I^roy V, Sf,
Joiifis, Pino flrnvfl, |IO, \Innre«Ne=<}§ors«
jAaHaa, Veterans' Hom«, Nttpn, !»}
Tlionina Foley, VeferHne' JFome, Napu,
ll'ij J..»=<iili Kenny, Vcttnrnnii' IIhihh,
NiipB, • ll«} Jnliii Murphy, Vrtevtinw
\l(M«, fit\W, ISiWIlllnin b, .Wawlon,
Hi/IiIImp' HiuiiM, ]m Aiii{mI»% (if); OMo
rilM ? aniMii. Phm JtuMaii, M, War with
Hiwi»-oiiffifiH|-PHi6r f< V\w, r»«n
KlHllilpni, |«,
[Hiii, llOj T/ininHs $<JiWr, lhm,)M>»u
Jiim M. HeiHiiiM, Jfiseiili, f». ' f
Paymaster James B. Houston Is Or
dered for Examination for Pro- .
OF INTEBEST TO PEOPLE \
OP THE PACIPIO COAST
Yields id French Deniftfldfi
PA«I3, *m Hr^ue Julian at Mofoees
lip* j-leldeiifl th» intiln ia {fie yrtnuh
dfefflfi/i8«t. ThMH me turn mim nwilefB te
be tptti*(lt MU the aaiiger wf eeriaus trey*
Lie (§ art! tc-'J:
NEW TORK,, May 27,-Inter-?«t in the
question as to whether or not tho control
of the Northern Pacific Railroad changed
hand* at the time «f the recent corner In
tho stock was revived to-day by the circu
lation nf a report that tho Union Pnclilc
syndicate bought nom« tlma hro all of tha
Northern I'acifln holdlnira of i;>1wnr<I D.
/damn. In addition It whs cald that Mr,
Adams, who is n member of thu com*
pony's board of directors nnd executive
mmmlMee, went uhort of tha xtork from
M> to 7ooo i-iiiuis and waa nn« of those
forced to nettle at a hlerh prl<;a nfter tha
pushing' through of tha corner, Mr,
Aiiiinifc wbh rc-unrdttd as thn tAnresRiiU*
live of tho I" hi trim Hank of Berlin In the
Northern f'arifln, hut n dlapateh from
u. rim denial Him the tmiik'n holdln^a had
liepn "old, N*>Mher of ih«» ritite»t»ntii In
Nnrlhern Pflflrtp lia« br*n wJIJInff io muks
ttny jitatemftnt rerenlly roncerninff tho
control of »ha properly «nd It /s thought
no ofltH&l announcement will ha mada |i*«
fora tin. annuAl mfi iint r In tha fan for the.
fieri Ion at director?. t
MAKKKD JIUJiaj.AllB 31I5AT
A VA HMJ'.H TO J>J r ,ATJf
Murderers Bind tho Other Memlwn
ot the l'..mlly and Mnlca
Their J^nnjxi,
NAV^nnn, am, mhk ?T.-niir!sHf»n
I'k.i.i. n turimr living neap Mils p\nva, was
|.iul/)llv ii.hi.I.i.iI diet lllfclil hv Wli
ihiii-Iw .1 l.iii i i.if o vtm l/i nhn lulu Him h,i\,en
i.inl ill Inmniuil Ida iinniry. Mihki liiilnu iu
luml (In |.iii|:li!j» Imiuiii liiiilil mill llm
f.ljief i»m»n»ni»* ,,t lf»» f«miiy ¥>)\U frt|fM<
At\tf in h\u,* niniii null, tin v.-nu Utiomi
h , imis (}ia fiif:f» fn(L pfjifu'*] Biafep mum
pifihl di/jfl n»nH wfitp mrwihm ftw »h«
mtidtt 'i'Hef§ i« m (tew in flig mummfg,
Controlled by the Union
Pacific Syndicate.
Believe the Railroad Ii Now
LONDON, May 2S.-"Tho Pops had a
long consultation with Cardinal Gibbons."
*ny« th« IlomA correnpondent of the Dally
N»w», "rcKardlnff thp poaltlon of Catho
llca In Cuba and tho Philippines. Accord
ing to authoritative Information tho Pope
rccn the nfceBBlty of compelling the mon-
B»itle orders to adapt themselves to the
; ituiiiioTi created by American occupation,
cardinal Gibbons mada It clear to tha
l*op«» that unless they give way tho Amer
ican Government may expel them alto-
Krthf-r.
"Rrporta received ot tha Vatican from
the I'htllpplnea are much more eorloua
thnn thosfl rcHvcd from Cuba, Tho
monks In th* Phlltpnlnes are accu«nd of
nil sorts of ntroeitli'*. It Is reported that
t i , . - Kpri-i<<! of roncubinaica In duo to their
Tftunul to perform tho marriage s«r\ice
without lame remuneration."
tfOHTHEBM" PACIPIC BTOBY
BEVIVED ON CHAliOE
Cuban nnd Philippine Prebltmi
Among the Topics That
Art Elicuuedi
ROME, May tf.*-Carflln&J Olbbdhs, Whd
ftrrlvpd in this city on May S3, ?>.xt>*cts to
remain here for a fortnight and will then
return home by way of Paris and London,
The Cardinal was received to-day In audl*
rnc«» by the Pope, and ho nominatod the
2U«ht Rev. M«r. John J. Kennedy to be
rector of the American Collejro In Rome.
]'J:ki.\"(], May 27. — J t seems probable
ih»t Qr«*,t Jirltaln'* proposition to limit
tho Indemnity to bo demtutdtd to 450,000,000
taels will l>« agreed to by tho end of tho
veek. United Htatns Hnedal Commission
«r nockhtll thinks this may bo con
nldt-rnd tin American victory. Though his
proposition limiting Indemnity to 8l0,o00,6u0
null, was not accepted, still It wan tho
• ii urn at the other powers considering
ttlA M.It.
The only nolnt likely to rauno further
delay In « <fecla|on by all tha power* ex*
rein America is that re«ardlnjr tha ruis
ing of |hB ruiclgn riiMlnine f per C«nt,
!r Ho. UhlJI |old tha Minister* at av ra*
< . i.l in > < Huh that rullmr Iliun «*«Uo tlilu
ptep Ainni. . t would Mllii'iuleti Alt cjdlma
to ir.nni.iiii>- nun even make a money
prepent to China, «• American pommur"
Hal Internet* wpuid auffef fsp mflfa there*
l»y then fhopa of sny other pow§r, with
j.'.etltily i,i,b t-Ki'^jtiliin,
WAHlfIN(iTON/.MnK 87.=A dlepftteh
rfcftived «t jh§ War Department frem
(ientsrftJ f*hsffe*» «t T««u nsyn that tha
i...i.ei.«.MB Uamner end fyemtox *=^)i May
tl (ifl-rtay), t»na thut ml ©f the trciops
I hit kf§ ts leave China are eft fer Ma*
111 IS.
FOPS OIVSS AVlilKlWU
TO OAliDINAL OrDBOWO
"Tho powers will aire« to Win tho
evacuation on tho lssuo of an imperial
odJct admitting that China's Indebtedness
Is 4(0,000,000 taels, plus Interest, and that
China will willingly comply."
LOJTOON, May 28,-Wlrlnr to the Times
from Peking yesterday, Dr. Morrison,
connrminc assertions of the probable uo
cfptanc* of the British Indemnity pro
posal, says:
WILL PKOBABLY ACCEPT
INDE3OJTTY PBOPOSAX
The Powers Will Begin Evacuation
When China Officially Admits
Indebtedness.
Tru*t«-n of Hi hi f Normal Brhonl at Ix>s An
ir^lo—I^e A. Phlllpp*. vice N. 1*. Conrey, ro
»U:ikm1 and Krin rxplrnl.
Hoard of Monascrs of tli« Htate Hospital for
tha IiiH.uif at Stockton— frank I'. Txinn of Ban
Jnaquln, vlca A. MciiomiMj U. IS. I>oan of
Kr.rn County, vlc» John T. Doyle; John C.
Thompaon of Bnn Jnaguln County, vlc» polf;
(rharlfa l>, FontBJia ot Calavera* County, vlco
John N. Woods.
M'-mliT of Hi" Hofliil of Manajrrrs of tha
Houthrrn CallfornlA Iloapltal for the Tnna.no—
H. 7. IUyi of Riverside, vlco J. O. Kny*.
BACHAM KNTO, May 27. - Governor
Ohko this afternoon mado tho followlnff
appointments:
Members of th« Harbor Commission of Bun
JUi-ko— Charles 1*. UoukIuss, vlc« J, I). O'Drlen,
r«-nl»;nf«fl and term expired; Itohfrt II. Ilcntoo,
vice U»orK0 M. Hawley. reiljrncd,
Assistant Kintp Veterinarian at I»a AnR-elrs
— \V. K. V. Morrison. . .
BpeclaJ XMepa.tch to The Ca.ll.
GOVERNOR YIELDS UP
PATRONAGE PLUMS
Rewards a Fow of tho Paith
iul With Official Com
missions.
"Freedom Our Queen"
Wordf by Oliver W, Holme*. Muslo by
John V. Paine.
Piano tuartet— J'liuiU from Wiapnodlo N'n.
3 ,......................">. Utct
MImm Hopklnn, I'od'1, Orani And Welih.
"LJttl* Doyi illua" .....
<a) "Th» Delli" ..Denw
(b) "Menr Jun« Polka" .Vincent
W Cornet!* mYm ' Hiry ' We'lVhV viol in*. ' M I ia
Aim* wclshj cfflle, MUi Gnwo w«l«h; •
plane, Mini Juliet GrMi; (lute, MIm
Iloee nitMU.
"A Description of th» First Kamter Dawn"
.,,,.,. MIm Edith Termny
"Av« Marlft"-Vocol trie...... Marchettl
Mill Otrtrudn MsD'rmott, Mill Mh
KllnU, MIm Tllll" nuttjrenbach, Mini
Mtry Jf-ran, MIm Juliet Ortuii, Mlti
Athrt'llrrlln Button.
nemiinM ......,,,.....,,........ ,.,,,,.,.,n«h
lint violin, MIm 13. Tormeyj lenonrt
violin, Mill N. I)od4: first Piano, MIm
O. Hacklne; e*Uo, Mim Q. \V«Uh| cor
net, MUD M, W«>lNh; eecond pi*no, Miss
J, QraM,
Carnival of the Flower*—
Fairy 'jtu-in....,......,....liw7wif1<!ftn Ktig*1h*ry
Nprlntf , Mhv Hrr.it
Hiiiurimr ........................... ..HiikIh llrienaii
FhMps, attcn<1&ni4 mid win flower*,
The Mu*f»
nin fiiuii.ry).......,..,,.....MlFH I'M 1 1. 1 Tnrmtiy
I'olyhymnlft (nrrmi poetry},, MIm <lr«pa W«l«h
f'alllnpa (spin |i»eliy°i,.,,,,Mlcs Nel||<i retarcon
]viii«-i'i<« Oyrlo K<"»ry>,i«i.tf»MlM 1511* Connolly
yrwilft (MrQwrnif) 1 1 mi a > tiiWt* ftlwry Hasan
lii-Hiu Move) ,.,,..., ,,,,..MIi=a HllvmliiH HiMiniU
M«|i)omena nr9ge(ly),,,MlP# flenevfuva Nlmrflk
¦I'halltt it, ,)i,n1vi,,.,.,, !:r : ,,.,, i,Una HUM f6i|i.,ui
'i'Brf'Pleh&r* (elienil p§nir ftn«i rtrfnBej..,,,,,,
,,.,........-. ....r..,. .mm, MIPS I'tiMl l^r.iiiir.l
•TIbb' at the Hfl!flrww" M Ttiemsa Hunn tint\M\
(i) "The yule MiiM«n.. ........
,,,.,, •,,...,. m ..,,..,. M.,,,. CsfIss Tfover
«».» "I'M ¦i.fllllilllj' j<ii|l«.i.V"M.MMMMM.<J B ||.B|
V8lttll§t§fy ,.M..MMMM,...M V MM, „..,,,,„,
MIsb flFftee Welsh.
The Programme.
The programme of the afternoon in full
was as follows:
THE pupils of the Sacred Heart
School held their commencement
exercises yesterday afternoon at
Native Sons* Hall. There was a
large audience present and
flowers galoro for the pupils who took
part in the exercises and those who re
ceived certificates of promotion and
awards.
Company D, League of the Cross
Cadets making a brave showing In spick
and span uniforms, officiated as ushers
and seated the large crowd with neat
ness and dispatch.
The programme was an excellent one.
Tho musical end In charge of Miss Ger
trude Hopkins was especially fine, and
was encored again and again. Father
Lagan awarded the diplomas, awards of
merit and eight certificates. He prefaced
his pleasant duties with a neat little
speech in which he complimented the
faithful teachers and their bright
RIMMl P LAY
CAUSES RIOTING
Mob Besieges a Theater
and Attacks the
Police.
Cossacks Make Charge on
. Crowd and Many Are " . -.,
Injured.
LONDON. May 27.— Rioting ha* spread
to South Russia, lays & dispatch from
St. Petersburg, as a result of the pro*
ductlon . of the antl-8cmit» play. ' "Tha
Smugglers." At Kutais thousands ot
people congregated around the theatei
and stoned the police. X detachment ol
Cosaackn charged and dispersed th«
crowd. Thirteen policemen, nf teen Cos
sacks and two officers were severely In
jured. _____ ""
ST. PETERSBURG, May 27.— Th© pro
hibition of the publication of the Novo«
Vremya for a week because of Its edi
torial article on the labor troubles la
creating an immense sensation as indi
cating extraordinary nervousness on tha
part of the Government. -
The Novoo Vremya is second only to tha
Moscow Vladomoti© in conservatism and
is usually allowed greater latitude than
are the other papers. The editorial In
question is mild as compared with many
Governmental publications on the labor
situation in more quiet times. It merely
said the operatives were poorly paid for
excessively hard work and were beginning
to be influenced by Western literature and
suggested that tho Government carry on
the work begun for emancipation and en*
force social reforms. . ,t-j> - . •
Monument Erected on Battlefield.
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn.. May 27.— The
monument erected by the, State of South
Carolina on the battlefield of Chtcka
mauga was dedicated to-day. Governor
McSweeney of South Carolina made an
eloquent speech, at the conclusion of
which the monument was unveiled and
turned over to General H. V. Boynton.
Turks Seed Foreign Protest.
CONSTANTINOPLE, May 27.— In re
sponse to the protest of tho foreign cm
bansles the order issued by the Turkish
Government prohibiting the entry of type
writers into Turkey has been rescinded.
REWARDS ARE RECEIVED
I FO R YEAR'S GOOD WORK
Father Lagan Distributes Prizes and Diplomas ¦ at Com
mencement Exercises of Sacred Heart School—Parents
and Friends Applaud Programme Presented by Graduates
' At the Richland mine of the Dayton
Coal and Iron Company, two mllci from
Dayton, at 4:30 o'clock this afternoon, a
terrific explosion of coal dust resulted in
the death of twbnty-one men, all 'white,
most of them married and with famillns,
The dead: ? ; .
TOM WRIGHT.
•DICK HM1TH.
WILL MATTHEWS.
GEORGE HOLMES. •
ABE GOTHARD.
WASH TRA9LEY.
OSCAR RODGERS. . '
LEWIS G. RODGERS.
. LOWREY HAWKINS.
PERRY POPE.
ANDY MEDLEY.
Injured :\, •
William Burchene Sr. • . .
'William Burthens Jr. . / - '
Bod Walker. .
3 Rev.'.F. M. Cook. .
Rev. William Hale.
Arthur Decker.
Edward Craig. . -
J. T. Burwlck. ,,
The explosion was caused by what Is
known among miners as a "blown blast."
It is the custom of the miners to place
blasts and fire them oft at quitting time
each afternoon, leaving the coal thus
thrown down to be , loaded and hauled
from the mine the next- morning. The
Richland mine Is destitute of water and
great volumes of I fine particles , of coal
dust invisible to the naked eye accumu
lated at the roof of the mine. This after
noon at 4:30 o'clock a dynamite cartridge
was placed in position in one of the rooms
for a blast and tho miners started for the
mouth of the mine. The blast did not ex
plode as intended, but Instead, .a long
flame shot out of the blast hole and ig
nited the accumulation of dust. Instantly
a terrlllo explosion occurred and a seeth
ing mass of- flame shot to the mouth of
the mine and extended 300 feet into the
CHATTANOOGA, Tenn., May 27.-A
special from Dayton, Tenn., to tho Times,'
says: :j _; -.;: ' ;*¦ • •¦¦ -. ,r, ¦
TERRIBLE LOSS OF LIFE
IN TENNESSEE COAL MINE
A, Dynamite -Cartridge Placed for a Blast Fails to Explode
but Ignites an Accumulation of. Coal Dust and a ' Terrific
.' Explosion Follows, Instantly Killing Twenty-One Miners
open air, scorcmrtff the leaves from the
nearby trees. • There were thirty-four men
In the mine at the time. Four of these ea
caped with slight Injuries. Twenty-dno
were klllt'd nnd nine terribly burned, most
of them fatally. The force of the explo*
Nlon caused great mossex of coal and slate
to cave In from the roof of the mine and
many fated miners were completely
burled.
Word quickly reached Day ton. and r«i<
cue forces were at once organized and
proceeded to the mine. , One by one the
blackened and horribly disfigured bodies
were taken from the debris and carried
to the mouth of the mine, where they
were put on a locomotive and taken to
I'uyton. Scores of relatives and friends
gathered at tho mouth of the mine and
the shrieks of anguish as the bodies
were removed were heartrending. .
The two undertaking establishments at
Dayton were turned into morgues, whero
the mangled bodies were dressed and
prepared for delivery to their families.
All the men employed In this mine wero
residents of Dayton.
The Richland mine Is the property of
the Dayton Coal and Iron Company, com
posed of Glasgow capitalists. The com
pany operates an iron furnace at Dayton.
GETS THE VERDICT
/ IN A DAMAGE STTIT
Sequel to a Newspaper Controversy
Between Two Modesto
Dentists. •
' MODESTO, May 27.— The suit of Dr. M.
L. Cooper for $10,000 against Emery and
Laud Gates was tried In the. Superior
Court to-day. The Jury returned a ver
1 diet in favor of Dr. Cooper, awarding him
$330 damages. The judgment carries with
it the costs of court.
The case was the outgrowth of a news
paper controversy laat February, In which
Dr. Cooper and Dr. W. F. Green, rival
dentists, referred to each other in uncom
plimentary terms through the local press.
Borne of tne effusions were in verse. The
Gates brothers, who are • brothers-in-law
of Dr. Green, resented the articles by as
saulting Dr. Cooper, who sustained In
juries about the face and body during a
street flffht. Emery Gates struck the blows,
while Laud Gates was near and was ac
cused of being a party to the assault.
Virtue Is Its own reward— and no ques
tions asked.
It Is ridiculous to think that fruits and vege
tables raised on the elopes of the distant Pa
cific ehould compete at the very doors of Spain
with thos* produced in this country, yet the
fact la undeniable. How Is the mystery ex
plained? It Is simply this: Spain sends her
fruit and vegetables In the worst possible con
dition, so far as packing and transportation
are concerned; piled on wretched railway cars,
exposed to sun and rain and reaching Paris
from fourteen to seventeen days after their de
parture from Valencia; while the Callfornlana
offer their fruit in the came fine condition In
which It Is ricked from me trees. Their or
anges, apples, peaches and pears reach Paris,
after traversing 6000 miles, In a more attrac
tive and appetizing condition than ours after
* Journey of only 490 mllei.
i\> can comi>ete with America only by em
ploying her methods— Improved cultivation,
harvesting and packing, cold storage and
rapid, safa tranrportatlon. Otherwise, our ex
port! will decline every day. Castll* was once
railed the granary of Europe; yet we have
Jived to see foreign wheat, after paying heavy
transportation taxes, protective duties and an
edveree premium of 25 per cent In exchange,
rompetlnr with our home-grown cereals. Shall
we Jive to see American oranges competing
with ours on the Valencia market Itself 7
CALL BUREAU, 1408 G 8TREET, N.
w., WASHINGTON, May 27,-The recoff
nized excellence of California fruit*
abroad and their successful competition
with Spanish fruita appears from tho fol
lowing translation from a Valencia paper
received at the Slate Department from
Consul Bartleman of that city under date
or April 10, 1901:
Epanlsh product! are rapidly losing ground,
«.nd unless our methods be brought Into lln«
with those of progressive nations, our wines,
our oil, our fruiu and vegetables will b« con
flcmned to home consumption. We have been
astonished at the falling oft in our exports of
irult and fresh vegetables to France, England
and Germany. The decrease for France, not
withstanding the enormously enlarged con
sumption created by the Paris exposition, was
erroneously attributed to Italian competition.
The rivalry really comes from the United
States. California Is now supplying the
French. English and German markets with
freBh fruit and vegetables. The fruits are not
offered at lower prices than our own, but they
are presented neatly packed and In eplendld
condition.
Our Products Are Steadily
Crowding Out Those of
Europe.
Spain Feels California
Is a Dangerous
• Competitor.
FEARS RIVALRY
OF OUR FRUITS
HOMEWARD TRIP
IS NEARLY OVER
Presidential Party Will
. Beach Washington
' x iiui ou.ciy .
Weather Has Been Pleasant
and Mrs. McKinley
Improves. \
SIDNBT,- Neb., May 27.-The Presiden
tial train made the third day's run on the
homeward Journed without incident. The
trip across Wyoming was at an average
elevation of 4000 feet, and at Bhorman,
Just before the train began. to descend tho
eastern slope of the Itocky Mountains, the
elevation exceeded 7000 feet. Brief stops
wero made for water and to change en
gines at Bawllns, Laratnle and Cheyenne,
Wyo., and Klmball arid Sidney, Neb. The
President made no < remarks at., any of
these places, but he appeared upon tho
rear platform and shook hands with some
of those nearest the car. There were
crowds at every station along the route
and every cattle ranch had its little group
of cowboys sitting bolt upright on their
horses and waving' their sombreros as the
train went by. . '
Mrs. McKinley is standing the trip well.
The weather has been exceedingly pleas
ant and that means much for her com
fort. " . .-.-! ¦ ¦ . , , "•. i ¦..-.
The Presidential train will reach Wash
ington Thursday, nxornlng at 7:30. It will
arrive at Omaha early to-morrow morn
ing and reach Chicago at 2 a. m. Wednes
day. The train will be transferred at
Chicago to the Pennsylvania line, and
proceed without further stops.
- The President and Cabinet received of
ficial information here that the Supreme
Court, had decided the Insular cases in ac
cordance with the contentions of the Gov
ernment. Naturally the President "and
Cabinet officers were elated, 1 although
they have never doubted that the decision
would be in favor of the Government. The
members of the Cabinet aboard the train
decline to express their opinions for pub
lication In advance of a perusal of the
text of the opinion.' .
STRONGLY OPPOSED. TO
STJNBAY .ENTERTAINMENTS
Boston Divine Saya the Desecration
of the Sabbath ¦ Has Become -
a National Sin.
' NEW TORK, May 27.— Th© thirteenth
annlvereary of . the American Sabbath
Union was celebrated last night by a spe
cial 4 service at Calvary Baptist Church,
this city. The Rev. Dr." George C. Lorlmer
of Tremont Temple, Boston, delivered the
chief address. Dr. .Lorlmer »}>oke ¦ upon
the "Sociological Significance of the Bub
bath." lie sold In part; •, • ..* , ¦, . ¦«
v Tho rtfuwinulon of Iho fsnrA'u Any haa b«
comn a national »ln and if mitldly b«comln« a
national pirll hi well; », ¦ • .
A* to theat«ni nn<1 coneart hall», wlifra rnont
unsocrfd entertalmriantM ar« crlven iw Vfoortd
oone«rtn." I will nay that iueh: ptrrormancas
n9V?r dirt »nd novar c»n five ra*t. I objoet to
Biinday ent«rtftlnm«nti bacftUM.- thty daprlvo
thoiiA who tukfl part In tham from, having thalr
rcit. I wish to apeak evan for a olosa-for
whom a Kotxl vor«l Is ae!4om *t»ikin. I .Why
would It not bo wall to fcfv* tha saloon, kaer^r
ona (lay In which h« would have «n opportune
liy to think ov»r th» nntura of hit bimlnaM hikI
whathar It U wall fer him to ptit.befora man
that which will doatroy them? And lot in'inm
hava a chnnea to ddwiitunKla thamN«lvea from
Identity with tha eliarantirs tlia/ portray,
'('liiim who object to giving tha paopla of tha
itaga rmt ara man who look upon netrftif!**
only an th«lr pmy and purntja Iliam with pur<
po»«a luiriii Hnd Vila, I plaad for ¦ lUiwhty
win It nit of nvr'i-y aort,
1 Tlinnt inn many churchAi which fall' to kaan
tha Hiiliiiiiih imiy, Tim pulpit la.no placa for
rthalk |«o(ur«i or maulo imUirim or ullmr
I'll. lll» luillllilirriiulln, I.til Us lllMllllnIll Him
jirusiria for, th« pfBdurvation 6t tha qhrlaflan
nabliath. -^ ,»-».,..-. ,.,•.<.
ENTHUSIASTIC CJIOWB8 f ! i !
'QXXBD .TUX 'iVUKV' OV. -YORK
IliiBnInn OrulBflr Flrfifl A Royal Ralutfl
When Party Renjhes Aneherage
Rt Sydney, *
BYDNraV, N. 8. W,, May 87,=The Dry
ish iteamw Ophlf, hsvlnjf nn'lvmrd th§
Duke and f5uehees of Gornws.ll and York,
ufflved. her© at 11 s'elosk this morning,
lih% was joined. niiMiiirt ih« hflfbor by a
Hfjtjftnpon of «§v§n flovifnmwt v^s.^lrt
fionv^ylnffthe Premier-, flip William Lyn^,
tha Mlfiifiters and federal omolflla. Ah
tn« Njundran §mefed the reiifl«ieH«f, the
OfJhii* Jefldlfiir, the HiiislMn erulKer tlfew«
etjov, from the j Athel IJIght Rueliorft^,
fired ft ffiyftl BttlUt«, ,Thf IJritlHh flrUJuprn
r«R).«ititlril, IioIbIIiib the lillBslim Jlns, 'J'hn
httHioJ 1 wits «rowt]»»d with bIUjmiIhr and
ctjiciiroldti nrnfi, and the ntidres wero lined
with thotidnttdw of Hp<?dtatott)i • 1*he nuti
phmio lul nniiltt nut |y. Wlmn flin' Ophlr
camo to anchor Bhn won boardpd by th«
Governor General, tho ICarl of liopetoun,
Or»vnrnor Opnrral of tho commonwealth j
Hlr Froderlck Darlny, Lleutennnt Oovprn*
or of Now Month Wales, and the lluoslan
admiral. ' '
Tlif Duke nnd Duchens landed at 2
o'clock and were grcoted by enthusiastic
crowds. The decorations were magnifi
cent and a brilliant military escort await
ed tho landing of the Duke and Duchess,
VERMONT STATE OFFICERS
ABB T7NDEB INDICTMENT
Lieutenant Governor and a Legislator
Accused of Complicity in Bank
i Wrecking.
VEJIOENNE8. , Vt., May 27.—L.laut«n
ant Qovornor M, IT, Allen, vlco president
and director of th« FarmorB' National
Hank, which recently nuspanded her©, and
J.-W. Kotfiham, a rcprtmontatlvo to the
l<offlt!lature from this pluco, wero arrcntod
to-day undor Indictment* charging' thorn
with complicity with Cashier' D, O. IxiwIb
In wrecking tho bank.
1 Th« Indictment* ar« In two countu,
chiiralnff complicity In embozzlln/r tho
ftinrtH of tho bank and falsifying the ac
counts.v Lieutenant Governor Allen will
bo given, a hearing . at Ferrlsburg, his
homo, during the day. Mr. Ketchnm wit«
'taken to Uurllnaton nnd at a hearing ho
plcnried not guilty.: His bond was 'fixed
lit J5Q0O. ¦ • "
WAY CLEAH F0H HEAHINO
ASPHALT LITIGATION
High Federal Court Decides That If
Is Competent to • Hear / the
Question Involved. ,
CAHACAB, Veneauela, Hoy 87,-"In tha
asphalt lltlK&tlon now pqndlng In the High
Fnderal Court, by which Warner & Quln*
Inn «flflk to havo their title made good to
a portion of nflrmiidftPf? jinkfl, known ns
jMlolrtftd, and the Now rorljhand nor.
nnid«No (jouiprmv nustad,' fhe flrat vlqtory
w»« to.diiy won liy pmlntlfffl,
Tho nourt ovarrtlleri jhn «Jtopptlon«J1lod
hy tha N§w Yorli Rnd liflrmwdfls^ Qom*
UiHt tha iflsh Vefoml (Jourt w»b not a
eornpfttant. tribunal to deelrt^ tha nutation,
Tha fiourt -dPeldMO thnt It In competent
and tnat the «'»sb must propeed rPBulwrly,
wwrnsp & -QulMlfln bf§ reanlred to put up
a 180,000 bond, Hhould tho New York and
Jiermiidewfl .Oomimny oeollna to, propee»t
further »nd wlthdriiw, »h BPBmH probHhlft,
.Judsmnntwlll U Hlven In mvop of War*
ijflp & UUinlan, nnn tlifj MPhnlMniit will
\m forced to lw»Vfl Ifellfiliifld, Tlw fi¥Hm.
Instlon of piipepp «nd ttrgument on tlm «*•
HwptloiiH l»»»v» bsftn (Ifflffglnff 8lon» fur
inflw Olfll) I* WMjjt^; V
Aj»llsS«jfiltJl»ff T'flw Invalid,
.NMW.iVfmif. May '87i»ilMfit|fl* fWflers
ifiiml K or-tt l&ft li win Hwjf im ti«M a t
June § and 4i liuffslo and FitUFn. iff j Hi,
euiHferfi padlUe eraee, slOlarket street, '
CTHE-vPAO^r^
"Pmyer" from "Moses in Egypt"...... Ro»«Inl
Diploma* awarded to Ml«s Edith Tor
mey and MUs Orace Walsh. ;
List of Awards.
The following Is a compieto lint of the
awards :
Diplomas and mrdala— Mimes Edith Tormey,
Grace Welsh and Maud Shortall. <,A'.«i,
C*rtMcate from Junior to senior year— Mis*
Mary Hewn.
Certificates from ninth to Junior year— Misses
3
/ffi miil^ ¦ Our reputatlon l5 a « uarnntee !
W/ VVs^^iil^ySU^\ v^ 1111 ill lir YearKoocl label Is a guar- '
JI w w\ lilii lllll 1 ' nntce of the cloth and wear, i
|O MaM\^-^ Jy^^ 3 1 111 li'l money back If you arc not i
// favorably than this. Besides, vvc |
sav6 you tho middlcrnun s profits* '
I Suits Top Coats Trousers II
Wchavc a strong line of all- We lately reduced some top Heavy wofstcd trousers in I
wool cheviots, tweeds and coatsa fourth.' They arc made gopd patterns of checks . and
. . , '. . ' . of covert in tan, oliv.e and stripes — just the thing to tone,
stnped worsteds m various browilf are reduced from up a dark coat and vest that
spring and summer patterns— $I0< making a dear saving f or have been worn some; value
•all desirable, price you of $2.50, as they sell for $5.00; sale price I
Bargains in Boys' Suits
I ;v The prices at all' times arc low in, this department— you buy direct from us, the makers,
and save all middlemen's profits. Now, when you buy at special prices you make a big sav- |
i'i ing. , The suits^ below mentioned are thoroughly in style, but as some of the sizes' arc broken
Vestcc suit3 for boys from 3 to 8 years of age,
made of, Scotch mixtures; some have fancy vests, V?<£3l I
M$f£$!^k others with vests to match, some plain lapels, S
w^i!« others silk faced; broken sizes and lots, hence the \zL*/ . '
, .dP^lfiy ' reduction; but the suits as a whole contain every 'Ji^K I
"^^'^ size; reduced from $2.75, $3.00, $3.50, $4.00 and /%£jffiv%?l I
BS^wMIilik Sailor suits mrx(le of #bluc ser P e ''^ es 3 to 10 E^felliMitffiy
WiSimmlMi y ear8 ' wllite ' re(Und 1)lack 1)raifl trimmings, value Wl] 1 ! ift WW
'''MwkfiMm*''^ $3>OO< Sailor »n!ti, ages 3 to 9 years, cheviots
I IfflfflSiliiHl^ rvll<l scr £ e3 m sn ' l(l colors of blue and red, with em- ySwlJffllffl
TfflJfiHifJr designs; cassimerea In neat checks; both bHitmIjIi
E-Mji^ don' Qm\v\ Duke \wtt, Ilk® men'u, $1,60 well, mti^^^
See tho {foods: In chip £-y \ A lf\ d*\ fr*% *r^ ' 0Mt=of.tnwn opdapii
§¦»§ buy uni§§§ you • m tG u~'' • » "'7 ing, tufn\§mg§ Of
g^Maaupjpi|uu^dp^^^u^u^^«pb^MpkaMwa^i^pMiMfljajpjpjH«a^i^gBM^MS^B^HMW^aH^^^MMM^^^i^^^^^^^«^^^^^^K^^^^ **''•' __
lisWiBlBBlSBlBBSllBBBBBS^B^BBliBBBBBBBBl^B^SBBBllB«^BlBB^r^BlllW^BlK^ilSlJBllP«^K^BJ^B^B^i^B^B^B^ -^B^B^B^B^B^B^B^B4^B^B^^B^B^B^^Bflp^B^^BJ^i;.;; PENNSYLVANIA^ SYSTEM .," at J Rail
ways. Office—30: Montgomery 5 street. •¦"
LONDON,' May 27.— George Edworde's
Santoi won the great Whitsuntide hand!-;
cap. at the Hurst Park Club 'Whitsuntide
meeting to-day. . J. Dawson '< Jr.'s ltam
bllng Katie was second- and Captain For
ester's St. Moritz finished third. .
Assault, ridden by ¦ Lester. Reiff, won the
i Monday all-ages selling plate.
Racing in London.
;Lonpf • Jump. Record, r < Broken.'-
, LONDON,-, May 1 27.— In ; the Irish chain- 1 :
pionship ¦'¦ games! at . Dublin ';,. to-dav P.
O'Connor" of '. Waterf ord .• covered : 24 ' fee t ' 9
inches • in the * long, jump.'^beating all pre
vious records. .; ,; . , ,V; -.. •":. '••^- l'% -
A company^ has been -formed* to '¦ control the
"process * of r - prlntine ¦„ without ; ; ink,"> "and t in ' .' a
short time it ; is : expected \ that old ' methods ' will
be - revolutionized.*^. There i Is one', thing, [ howf
ever,' that has resisted 'all ' Innovations ; , that 'is,"
Hostetter's! Stomach j Bitters.'-' It ¦ Is -~a * wonder
ful? medicine ior^ dys&eDsia,"^ indigestion, bili
ousness, y insomnia,":, constipation •' and : nerjous
ness.*-It also prevents malaria, fever, and ague.
Try It, and you will tint be disaopolnted; . '
PrintingVWithout ; Ink.
" SOUTHAMPTON 'i May- 'ST^The*. wreck
age of the Shamrock 'II .was i gTaippIed .and
drawn iintoj shallow, water i to-day. v« The
topmasts iwas { sprung," -but . not ¦. actually
broken; ¦'¦ So ; far as the divers perceive . the
gaff, forestay and main rigging .are intact.
Save"; Shamrock ,; IljWreckage.
SAN JOSET May,' 27.'-^The i series of races
of the San Joge i Pigeon^ and : Hominar", So
ciety, now being; held ' weekly,* Is develop-.
Ing a number/of. fast'birds.r.AilOO-mlle, fly
was held -; yesterday^ from. San ' Lucas to
this city/;>J.W.>Kemllng t s 1 ;WiueTCheckered'
cock won first* prize'^ in ;¦ two" hours and
forty-eight J minutes. .''This ;: is - an . avera ge
speed- per ; minute;- of ! 1043 -yards. ".which - ia
considered fast owing ; to the bad • weather
of yesterday. FredrDoerr secured second
prize , and W. Kemling ¦ third :'prize.' - Next
Sunday the birdsjwill.be flown '¦ from; San
Luis OblsBo,. a: distance of 153 mlles." ; >
HQMIFG J BEBLDS ; FLY. A
vVERY J LONG DISTANCE
St. Ignatius College Exercises. > : :;
.Literary, exercises in; commemoration of.
the forty-second'commencerherit.of St. Ig
natius College were held last night in the :
college - auditorium. ¦¦? A ',', large -crowd was
in attendance. ;; The following progiamme
was rehdered: . :
¦i Overture, ¦• Colleee Orchestra; s introductory.'
John L..Whelan; poem. Anthony J. Smith; mel-..
ody,^' Coltegre - Orchestra ; .•: essay, /^William -.- A. ,
Breen ; ; waltz, t College Orchestra ; "The * Liter- .
ary ' Club,", a * Bketch '; containing imitations ¦ of '
famous : poets.';, participated; 7 in -by George H.
Svetenlch. David J. O'Keefe,' Frederick L.' Mur
phy and Henry J."-Bret.n; -Intermezzo,' College
Orchestra;, 1 president's, address; -distribution « of
ordinary prises ; in the academic .Tourse; - finale,
College Orchestra.^ . ¦ 'i v . : - '
Folice Believe Remains' Are Those of
"' ;/ Man Selected to Kill Empsror '-V.
' c c .: : \\v'.'* . William. V ., ( , ; " v
NEW j YORK, May 1 27.— A Sun special
from Berlin says: -A dispatch Jto the Lokal
Anzeiger ' f rom -Budapest says 'that' • a
corpse; loaded-, with chains has'-:-. been
dragged out of the Danube near that city,"
The , police believe , that the body is that
of Romagnoliji the anarchist who is;saU
to have -been sent' from America to kill
¦ Emperor William. < A lozenge box found in
a pocket' contained poison. ' ?'•'¦ ..
The police of Europe and America have
been, notified of. the discovery.- There is
speculation' as to whether he was secretly
executed for failing to carry out his man
date. - - : ¦ . . :
MRS. BONINE; STILL HELD :
; : "'-.$ FOIt^THE AYItES KILUCNG
Ineffectual. Attempt Made to Secure
, Her" Release on, a Writ of
\; Habeas Corpus. ¦ . >
V May; 27.— A petition for
a^writ iof habeas , corpus was filed : to-day
by counsel' for; Mrs. 7 Lola«Bonlne, who! is
held; in \ connection 'with the ) killing ::;. of
young"Ayres,;the census clerk,; in the Ho
tel Kenmore two weeks ago.:; ~ ¦ ¦..--'¦
Judge Barnard refused to issue the writ,
\V.i ~'?-'':\': '*':'? -'J«V '" "?'" "' — .-'• '¦'". ¦"'.:-> '''¦{¦¦
Croverilor Nash's Ailment.
• COLUMBUS. . O., . May 27.r-Qovernor
Nash's physician admitted to-day, that he
was suffering from j the rupture of a ', blood
vessel * in .the \ spine:' ¦¦ This : is the accident
which. the Governor. sustained in', the hi^h
altitude while ¦ returning : from San Fran
cisco.;. ,The physicians claim that with ab
solute'; rest -the ; rupture s may heal. -The
injury: has \ affected the : lower^ limbs; I and
explains " the . fact • that the ; Governor j had ¦
to be supported in walking.
¦ , . . . •• ¦ » » ' ¦ - V" ¦
BODY O3T .AN ANAECHIST '
* FOU1TD IN-' THE BANTJBI
DATE IOE THE-BIG ''
' J YACHT RACE IS SET
NEW YORK. May 27.— The Royal Ulster
Tacht Club has-., cabled the! New | Tork
Yacht Club an approval.of September 21
as the day for the opening contest in' the
cup races and that date Is finally r.nd deJi
nltely fixed. The cablegram received by
Secretary" Oddie reads as follows:
"BELFAST, May 27.— Secretary New
York Yacht Club, 1 New York: / Date now
definitely fixed first race 2lstvSeptemb»T.
. .., ; "SCHARMAN-CRAWFOKD,'
¦.,••-- - "Vice Commodore,"
¦ At,a meeting of the challenge' committee
to be held at 11 o'clock to-morrow it is de
cided that final action: as to Thomas Law
son's" yacht:! Independence '.will be taken." •
. MILWAUKEE, May 27.— Burk's errors in the
fourth , inning: grave . Philadelphia seven runs
'and a safe lead; which the home team was un
able to overcome. Attendance, 1300. . Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Milwaukee ...-3 ' 4 -' 6
Philadelphia 8 9,5
Batteries— Sparks, Dowling and. Lsahy; Plank
and Powers. -.': . - •
CHICAGO. May" 27.— The Chlcagoes " could
•have ''won-... -to-day's game without the a!d of
their hits, as tho visitors played about aa poor
a fielding pa-me as was ever witnessed. .At
tendance, 12C0/ Score:;. ..
ciifts— ' - p2:i7; T n..'.H.-E.
I Chicago ...".."...' 10 12 .2
Baltimore : ..." ..." 3 -7." 10
" ' ; Batteries— Patterson and Sullivan; Dunn and
Robinson. ";' . . . ' ~ ~« "
DETROIT. May 27.— The feature of to-day's
'(tamewM Farrell's thr'fre-base hit in the fourth
inningr with the bases full. Detroit could not
bunch hits. Attendance,- 2G:2. Score: • ,. -;¦
'ciubs— ' ; . ¦¦.". -r r. h;:, e.
Detroit .....................:......... 4 .7 ¦ \
Washington 8 .- 16 f 3
- Batteries— Miller and Buelow; Carrlck'and
Clarke. „¦ « " ' -, " '¦ -
' CLEVELAND, May 27. — Cleveland-Boston
game postponed; wet grounds. , .' '. •;
¦ NATIONAL LEAGUE.
NEW YORK, May. 27.— New York-Cincinnati,
game postponed; rain. -. .
; BROOKLYN. * ; May ¦ 27.— Brooklyn-Chicago
game postponed;. rain. • * ¦ ¦¦ •¦ • , '¦-
BOSTON, May 27.-r-Boston-Pittsburg. game
postponed ; rain. . O ' , . ¦'• .••,"
PHILADELPHIA. May 27.— Phlladelphia-St.'
Louis game postponed; rain. , , _ ¦¦
EASTERN BALL GAMES.
/ AMERICAN LEAGUE.
Railway Employes Incorporate. -
Articles of incorporaticn of the United
Brotherhood of Railway Employes "were
filed yesterday. In addition to the usual
objects of forming a social, beneficial and
protective association the incorporators
Ftate that they purpose ' organizing a
"Secret Society of. the Rail." The offi
cers are:. George Eetes. president; B. A.
Meyer, secretary; and E. J. Fraser, medi
cal examiner. : . " " ¦¦¦¦ ..'¦¦:.-
. Neither •. side ': to the strike controversy
was "willing to. give out \statements yes
terday.;" Conditions remained , practically
the same.* The- iron" molders.- while not
out on strike, "have personally and as a
local uhloiv agreed not to. handle the work
of men not affiliated ' with any union In
their branch'of the iron industry. "<'¦¦ >."••'
• Among- the .unlons'-that met last, night
were the Barbara, Boot and Shoe Workers,:
Brewery Workers, Boxmakers, Carpen
ters,- Electrical Workers.- Steam .Laundry .
Workers, MetaKPolIshers; Sailors,' Stable-.
• men, : Varnishers and i Polishers/ Vinegar
Makers- and Purveyors and the .Custom
Boot and Shoe Repairers. -Each expressed
sympathy; with the strikers and promised
material assistance.. . ; V;\ . v ¦ "¦"."¦
by. Labor Gener
'• ally. , \
9 4.. I .. I .. I ..t,.I.^.^H..I..I..I..I l .I.. I ..i.. I ..^.^. g
ENDORSED 3Y OTHER UNIONS.
Striking Machinists Are Encouraged
£-rir< O-MORROW night Aurilllo Herre
11 ra, Bakcrsfield's pugilistic prodigy.
'I "will try conclusions with, Terrence
•jl McGovern, better known to the
ring as "Terrible Terry," the
champion featherweight of .: the world.
Victory to Herrera means fame and dol
lars,, Defeat: to McGovern ; signifies the
loss of all the 'laurels he has won in a
ecore of hard fought contests, :- and per
haps oblivion: Both men, having much at
stake, have trained for their twenty-round
battle and are rfeady to enter the ring in
•the", best -of fettle. They have worked
faithfully and with a view to undergoing
a grueling contest. ."., ¦ ¦
Herrera will carry "the hopes and the
dollars of the entire oil belt-on his should
ers. That he wiil do his utmost to achieve
a victory is beyond dispute. He is "an
ambitious youngster and is possessed of a
punch which if it lands on an opponent j
cuts short his aspirations. • Herrera is. a,
Spanish-American boy and was brought (
up ' In ; Bakersfield. ¦ jHe has- gradually
fought his way'to the,top of the pugilistic j
heap, and through .his. manager has sue- i
ceeded in securing a match with McGov- j
em, the "king-pin" in two classes. Man
ager Carillo has .watched over Herrera
i with. the fond eye of a parent. He has
seen his protege defeat such good men as
Toby . Irwin and Tommy . Cox, ¦ and with
the confidence . born of " conviction has
wagered thousands of dollars on his man s
chances. - , . / -
"'.McGoyern's Manager Confident. ,
On the other" hand. Sam Harris, the
alert manager of McGovern, has supreme
confidence > in the. Brooklyn wonder. He
has : laid thousands , of dollars against
his man and is prepared to . double^ the
amount.- He has a better Idea of McGov
ern's ability, than, any one, unless it, be s
Mr*. Ros!e* Gonzales. who was attack
ed and brutally beaten by John McCann
Saturday night while on her way to her
home on Crescent avenue and Ellsworth
street, swore to a complaint .in' Judge
Cabantes' court yesterday 'afternoon
charging McCann with robbery and he
was booked on the charge at the City
Prison. .
Mrs. Gonzales is very weak from the
attack and Jiad to *b« led to the-War
rant Clerk's office by her attorney, w.
A. S. Nicholson, and another gentleman
Her eyes are blackened and -her face
badly bruised from the blows adminis
tered by -McCann. She accuses him of
forcibly tearing from her ear an ear
ring valued at J2. '; .' ! ' • • / , )¦
McCANN CHABGED WITH
BOBBING MBS. GONZALES
She Swears to a Complaint Against
Him Before Police Judge
Cabaniss.
Phil Wand, the well-known Olympic
Club athlete. 3ias been chosen, to referee
the fights. His past decisions have won
him the respect of ring-goers and he is the
choice of the contestants. "' .'
: Sam Harris,, manager of the feather
weight champion, announced last night
that he had $5000 to bet on McGovern at
the prevailing odds, and that he would
bet", $2000 even • that the champion would
win inside of ten rounds.
The. curtain raiser will be presented by
Dukelow and Fincke, - two amateurs who
have graduated into the • professional
ranks. 'These two fought two years ago
in the amateur tournament . N held at the
Olympic Club and Fincke secured a deci
sion. by a narrow^ margin. Dukelow has
since won 1 the amateur championship of
the United - States and has always been
anxious ta -wipe' out ¦¦ the. defeat he suf
fered at Fincke's hands. He came out
here a few months ago. with this end in
view, but was unable to get a/match. The
local boxing club saw the opportunity and
signed the men to- box ten rounds for a
decision. They* are clever and hard hit
ters. Fincke has defeated many good ama
teurs and Dukelow has had the benefit of
training McGovern for his fight with
Gardner.- . . ,
That the -Mechanics' Pavilion will be
crowded is a certainty. The sale of tick
ets opened at Corbett's on Saturday and
blocks of chairs were purchased. Every
one is anxious to see McGovern in action
again. He had such an easy time defeat
ing Oscar Gardner that ring-goers are" de
sirous of watching him work against a
man who' is capable of giving and with
standing punishment. • .
The preliminaries to the Wg fight are
the best to be had. "Kid" McFadden and
Danny iDougherty are scheduled to. go ten
rounds for a decision. Those" who attend
ed the last exhibition of the. Twentieth
Century Club i'ejnember what a great bat
tle the - two youngsters i put- up. * Referee
Eckart. -awarded- the-- fight to MeFad
den4i> the last round on a foul, and the
division of opinion was so great that r the
National^ Club decided to give the ban
tams another chance. Their second meet-
Ingwiirbe extremely interesting, as both
lads are familiar with each other's style
of fighting. • . ; ; . r; ." . V
Dukelow and Fincke to Meet.
Terry himself. He is confident that Mc-
Govern can withstand the heavy punches
of Herrera, and states that If Herrera can
Assimilate the body blows that Terry.usu
ally lands the Bakersfleld lad is a won
der. . ' ¦ • .
THE BAKERSFIELJ) BOXER WHO
IS TO MEET TERRY McGOVBRN
WEDNESDAY NIGHT.
' -¦.¦'¦' ,, • .' "
, ST. M5UIS, May 27.— Fair Grounds summary:
Mile and twenty yards, .< selling— Lexell won,
Ida' Carbery second, Mldlan third. Time, 1:43,
Four 'and a half furlongs, selling— Huntressa
won.Maria Ellen second, Monte Himyar third;
Time,' :55. . • •¦"-. A ' " - ; • .
Mile. selHnB— Sarner won. Farmer Bennett
second. Albert F. Dewey third. Time, 1:41%.';
! Six furlongs,> purse— Duelist won, Hilee sec
ond, Van Hoorbeke third. .Time, 1:14> ;
Mile-" and i an -eighth. selling-Chappauqua
won, Guide Rock second, Amelia Strathmore
third. ,Tlme, 1:55%. . - '
Seven . furlongs, selling— Irish - Jewel won,
Tuskarosa second, Sue JohnSon third.. Time,
i:27V4. .. •:.,„' ..;/;V,s ¦¦ ¦'?¦.;:¦" . .-\\ ¦
.NEW .TORK-May 27.— Gravesend summary:
Five furlong-s— Sweet ? Clover won, ¦ Jack De
mond second. Smart Set third. Time, l.:02 3-5.
' Mile and an" eighth— Rochester won, Sidney
Lucas second,", Matt Simpson third. . Time^
1:58 2-5. ¦ - ¦ . '.:¦ ' '' " *• ' ' •¦
About six furlonirs— Margravtate won, Mai*—
ter second. Judge Wardell thlrd.Tlme, 1:13 1-5.
\ About six furlongs, . the . Patchogue stakes—
Himself won,. Brandy: Smash second,^Colonel
Padden.thlrd. Time, .1:12 1-5. - .. -
-Mile and seventy yards— Wallabout won, . The
Rhymer second, Lanceman third. Time, 1:50. ¦
' ,,Flve furlongs— Sombrero won, Shannon Field
second,; Peninsular .third. . Time, 1:04 1-5.
CINCINNATI, May ; 27.--^Newport summary:
> Six and a -half furlonge, sellinK— Rosymorn
won. Dr. Fanne second, Calobcan third. Time,
I 1:2"%. ¦" !"¦' '•• ' •-*;' : ' ¦ ' '.¦¦•'
! Four furlongs— Mary Green way won, Pearl
I Ban second. Lady Florerce third. Time :51V«.
i Six furlones— Peter 'Duryea won,. Imperialist
i pecond •Foneda" third: "Time. 1:17.-' .- . < " '
Mile, selllnB^AHs' Well- won, -Young" Henry
! second, Russian third. "Time,^ 1:47%. . ' . .
[Seven furlongs,', selling— Tony Llcalzi won,
Saragamp second, Old Phil third. Time. 1:33%.
' Sev?n furlongs, selling— Eva Wilson won. At
lantis second. Grandma 11. third.*; Time," 1:32.
'.CHICAGO, May 27.^-Hawthorne summary:
Six furlongs— Hermasfl/Owon, Bessie Mackln
second. Money Muss third. Time, 1:14'A.
Mile, selling— Impromptu." won. Uncle- Tom
second. Monoer third. .Time, 1:42 3-5. ¦ =
Stoeplechase, shcrt course— Becky. Rolfe won.
Frond second, Sallust third. Time, 3:21%.
Five furlongs. "Vernal stakes— Abe I Frank
won, ¦ Ed : Austin second, Eddie ' Busch * third.'
Time; 1:013-5. . Y - ¦• " .: -' -
Mile, handicap — Iyouisvllle, won, ¦• Strangest
second, The Unknown. third. Time, 1:41 3-5. .
Mile and a quarter, selling— Knight Banneret
I won' Excelsls second, Lee King third. Tlme,<
J2:08H. • ¦,'¦--,¦ -._ -^ _.,-' ¦¦• -- .-;'..;. ' ., r
HORSES THAT ; CROSSED ; ;
' WIRE IN FIRST PLACE
baseball league has been formed by- the
teams of Petaluma, Santa Rosa, Geyser
ville and CloverdaJe to play throughout
the summer for: an elesrant $100 silk ban
ner and the championship of the" county.
The sport is booming ar.d. the ieams of
the league are composed of }good amateur
nines. The teams are also jWell matched
and a close contest for the troaiiv.wiH be
had. .Eighteen games in all will be played,
the first one being on June 9. ¦ The ' games >
will be played alternately at the different
cities with nines in the leasrue. •;¦ * .¦ f
Walter Nagle of Santa Rosa is president
of the league, and George^E. Retamel,-
George Rodd and. Ed Sanford i arc the
board of directors. . ¦
Four Strong Tcains to Play for the
Championship of Sonoma
'.' '•:';*- County.
PETALUIIA, May ' 27. — A four-team
AMATEUR NINES WILL •
CONTEST FOB, TROPHY
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. ' hi. . Str. Fin.
2450 High Hoe. 6. 119.Bozemn 123 411%
2494 Master Cal. 3, 107.Tullett 6 6 20 3 n ?,%
2459 Oscar Tolle, 3. HO.Alxndr 3 1 h . 11% 3^3
2483 The Gafflr. 3, 107.. Stuart 4-3 4 J n 4 2 :
2504 The Miller. 5. 121.. Power 2 4 n 6 4 5 4
2465 David S, 3, 110.. ..Hafley 5-5 2 6 30 6 25 j
2451 Boardman, 5, 113. Reeves 7.7 7 ' 7 j
Time— hi. :25; %. :50H: %. 1:17%. Good start |
Won handily. Second and third- driving. ,. Win- i
ner, O. P. Romigh's b: m. by Hlmyar- Janet N.T
Winner is a good weight packer. . . Master Cal
closed strong. The Gafflr backed up. ¦ The Mil
ler ran a bad race. Scratched— El Mido 121;
Alas 117. Bagdad 111, Dollie Welthoff 119.
Betting— High Hoe, 6-5; Master Cal. 15; Oscar
Tolle, 4: The Gafflr. 10; The Miller. 13-5; David
S,' 10; Boardman. 150.^- !. \ -
2511. SIXTH, RACE-Slx furlongs;, selling;
three-year-olds and up; purse, $300.
2508. THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; selling;
two-year-olds; purse, J300. ' . ¦ ' '
Index. Horse. Wt, Jockey. St. >4. Str. Fin.
2490 Yellowstone, 108.... Hoar 2 . 1 % , 12 1 h
2468 Vasallo, 109... Alexander 4 3n 2n .2 3
2477 Quadra, 103:.......TulIett 5:"4 h \ 4 1-.3 2 ¦;
2490 Royalty, 105...Bassinger 3 2 h 3 VA 4 2 '
(2477)Tyranus, 105. .....Russell 6 8 hi 5 n :5 3
2434 St. Phllippina, lOS.Butlr 9 7 1 8 1 6 h
2501 Huachuca, U2.H. Shields 8.9 7 % 7 1 ;
(2495)Lento, 108..... Fauntleroy .1 6 1 618 1
(2449)Quiet. 110 Hafley 7 5 % 9, ' 9
Time-H.- :13; %, :24; %, :50%; %, 1:03%; . Fair
start. .Won first -three driving., .Winner, J.
SulliVan's ch. c. by Rey • El Santa Anlta-Flor
tlla. Winner a good looking, colt and of the
improving sort. Vasallo ran gamely aa usual.'
Royalty quit badly. St. Phllippina away noife
too well. ' Scratched— Achilles 116, Dandy 108,
Snowberry 105. •--.... .,¦.,,..
- Betting— Yellowstone, 20; .Vasallo, 5; Quadra,
20; Royalty, 5-2; Tyranus, 9-2; St. Philippina,
7; Huachuca,' 10; Lento, 30; Quiet,' 5. ' . ',*
2S00. FOURTH RACE— Futurity course; Bell
ing; three-year-olds and up; purse, $300. , .
Index. Horse. Wt: Jockey. . St. : Vi./ Str. Fin.'
2470 K. Walcott, 4. 117.Armst 3 1 n ¦ 1 hi 1 1
24S3 La Calma, 3, 105. : Butler 6-42:21 2 4\
2356 Favorito 4,- 119.'.Dlngley 8 "7 2 ''5 1 ¦¦ 3 n
2300 Rasp, 3, 107.. Russell 4 6 4 ;4 2 - 4 4,.
2332 Commuter. 3. 110...CoIHs 2 5 1^62 5 4
24S3 Cerro Santa. 3, 107.Faunt 1 3 n -3 h. 6 6
2458 Talma, 4. 122 ...Hoar 7 2 2 7n 7 30
2C57 Emile Zola. 5, 122.Bassgr-5 -8 :¦ 8 8 .
Time-To V*. :22Vl: to %'' :48;Mast "%. " 1:05.
short ?4. 1:15. Good start.' Won cleverly. Sec
ond and third driving. • Winner, E. .Kauffman's
ch.- m. by Prince Royal-Penelope. Katie •;. Is
fast and a false price .was '¦ laid about her.
Favorito is fond of heavy going. Rasp could
not get up. - Talma a bad actor and' slow to
get away. . Scratched— Sweet Voice 117, Alpha
Lee 105. Abbyleix L 117. ¦ - : " \ '¦.¦.' ..
¦Betting— Katie Walcott," 10; La Calma, : 8;
Favorito, 12; Rasp, 8-5; Commuter, -20; Cerro
Santa, 6; Talma, 6; Emile Zola, 7.
251O. FIFTH RACE— Mile and fifty yards;
free handicap; "3-year-olds and up;, purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. ¦ Sti %. Str. . Fin.
24SS R. Shannon, 4, 107. Stuart 4 In '12 UW.
2403 Wyoming, a. 104.. Russell 2 41 41 23
2498 The tVetter.,5. HS.Bassr 3 3 2 2 n 3 2
2493 Gauntlet. 5. 106..Tullett 1 5 ¦-, 5 4 5
2431 Ada N, 3. 85....... Butler 6. 2 l z hi 5 " j
Time-S0 yards, :WA\ %..:25%i %. :50Vi: 94.
1:1T; mile. 1:44; lm 50yds, 1:47. . Good start; |
Won easily. S«cond and third driving. Win
ner, ' Thompson & Hagerman's b. h.'by El Rio ;
Rcy-Bessie .Shannon. Shannon made his field j
loop cheap. Wyoming finished well. The Fret-. I
ter probably did his best. Ada N bumped and j
knocked to her knees at first turn. She was
sorelwnen warmed up previous. to race. ' j
¦Betting— Rio Shannon, 7-2;. -Wyoming. 4; The ¦
Fretter, 2; Gauntlet, 6; Ada N, 4. -
O AKLAUD ' RACETRACK — Monday.
. May 27, 1901.— Weather fine., r. Track
; heavy. - , . " . '
25OO. FIRST ' RACE— Futurity : course ; -sell
ing; three-year-olds. and upward; purse, $300.
Index. ' Horse, Wt,' Jockey/:, St. .%. Str. Fin.
,2446 Intrepido, 3, 107.. Fntlroy 5 2 2 3 n'. In,
2050 Slsquoc. 4, 119 . . .Hoar 2 1 n 2 % 2 S
2470 Sen. Matts, 5,.122.Armsg 1 6 hi ln.!l;.
2000 Spindle, 3, 109-Alexander 7 4h f>4< 4 2
23S5 J. Shrpehire, 4, lW.Prior 6 7> • 6 1 o h
2470 John Welch, 4, 119-Basgr 4 3 hi < V* % °-
-2476 Pesalong. 3. 107.J. Alxdr 3 6 2; 7 7
:, Time— To'%; :22U; to.%, :48%; last %, 1:06;.
short %, 1:16.: Good start. , Won first three
driving. Winner, J. Naglee Burk's b. g. by
Drum Major-Bravura. . Slsquoc . closed strong
and would have won at a longer route. Spin
dle better over. a fast track; r John . Welch a
quitter.-. / ' '.;'.. • ¦ - ' ', _ •¦ '•¦"
Betting— Intrepido, 11-5; Slsquoc, 4; Senator
Matts. ' 10; • Spindle. 4; Judge Shropshire; : 20;
John Welch. 18-5; Pegalong. 15. ' .", v ¦ ,
25O7. SECOND RACE— Seven furlong*;' four
year-olds and upward; purse, $350. V'
Index. Horse. . Wt, : Jockey. St. S hi. Str. Fin.
2390 Prejudice. 4, 109.Alexndr 2 1 12 16 18 .-•
2447 Casdale, 5, lll..Tampltn 3 2 n 2 3 2 8
2605 Burdock, 4, 109. Bozeman 151-62,81
2471 Yule, 6, . 101 .Russell 4. 4 2. 4 n 4 V/i
. 2482 D. Nembula. 5, lli:ColUs 6 3 6,34 55,.
2447 Guilder, 6. 106....... Paul 5 6 8 16 6.62.
2425 Tenrlca, 6, 106......Prlor 1 7 7 7
Time— %V :13; U.>:24«; %, :51; T %. 1:16%; V«.
1:3OV4. Good • start. 1 ' Won easily. Second and
third driving. Winner/Burns &,Waterhouse's
br. m. by imp. Loyalist-Pride. Winner was
fresh and ran circles around her field. Casdale
ran his race. Yule likes a fast track. Dr.
Nembula no acount. Scratched— True Blue 116.
Betting— Prejudice.' 4-6; Casdale, 25; Burdock.
6:, Yule. 12; Dr. Nembula, 1 , 6-2; Guilder. 75;
Tenrlca, 100. / ¦ * • ¦
De Witt E. vYoung "was taken before
United States Commissioner' Heacock yes
terday afternoon for preliminary 'examin
ation on a charge of manufacturing coun
terfeit molds. He was arrested at Placer
ville on Friday -by Deputy United "States
Marshal Burnham on a warrant sworn to
•by Secret Service Agent Hazen. Hazen on
the' stand identified ; Young as the person
named in the complaint. Young , waived
examination and -was held for trial, with
bail fixed -at $3000. * ' ¦ ;.- * : : ¦-' .
Young- made a /confession to Agent
Hazen in the presence of Assistant United
States District Attorney McKinlay. He
said that he and r George T.> McDonnell
had manufactured the dies and molds for
making counterfeit dollars, which molds
were> afterward seized by Agent Hazen,
and that MpDonnell. had proposed. to him
that they go into the business of making
bad money. One of the propositions which
he said "was made- to him by McDonnell
was to go', East, 'Obtain letters of credit
and. buy a few . securities • bearing the
name of J; Plerpont Morgan, the million
aire," and' forge Morgan's name to; letters
of.credltand other securities upon which
they could realize and make a fortune.
He had another scheme to plunder the
Bank of England ,by ' means , of forged
paper/ and '. that Young ¦ should
secure the 'necessary : capital from'.rela
tives in Michigan. -' /•'•¦
v Last October McDonnell called upon
William PInkerton in this city and in
formed him that Young had made a prop
osition to go into the money counterfeit
ing -business, and that he * pretended 'to
agree and had certain hubs and . dies
made. Pinkerton suggested that'McDon
nell should inform Agent: Hazen of that
fact, but McDonnell failed to do so*,Mc-
Donnell was arrested about" a month. ago
and is now.' awalting'trial. r '¦'."¦
YOUNG UNFOLDS
CRIMINAL PLOT
Tells of a ' Conspiracy to
:':[ Rob the Bank of '
England.
Counterfeiter Throws All the
Blame Upon ' His Pal,
y, McDonnell.
national Cemetery, Commencing- at 11 a. m.
Minute (runs Third United States Artillery
Remarks Gen
eral W. It. Shatter, president of the day
Invocation ". Rev. S. D.
HutFlnplllrr. Pastor Central M. E. Church
Selection California Quartet
Reading— Lincoln's Gettysburg Address
Ralph T. Fisher
Poem— "At Chancellorsville"
, Mrs. Clara Bell Brown
Oration D. E. McKinlay, As
sistant United States District Attorney
Selection « : California Quartet
Salute to the Dead Detail of U. S. Troops
Tape. ..:... ; Bugler U. S. Army
At the conclusion of the above exercises
Oscar F. Long, Garrison No. 101. Regular
and Volunteer Army and Navy Union,
will hold a special service for the dead at
their monument on these grounds.
Evening exercises at Metropolitan Tem
ple, 8 p. m.: «
Overture Third U. S. Artillery Band
Invocation .;:: :....-.. :. William
Ford Nichols, D. D., Bishop of California
"Star-Spangled Banner".. Mrs. T. C. Masteller
Remarks by Chairman of the Eevening. -
Colonel Georre Stone, Commander De
partment of i California and Nevada.
Grand Army cf the Republic.
Selection . . .' '. Temple Quartet
Clarence T. Wendell, D. M. Lawrence,
A. A. Batkin and E. G. MacBain.
Recitation— "Our Ranks Are Getting Thin"
Miss May Powers
Oration General IV. H. L. Barnes,
Pant Commander Department California,
and Nevada. Grand Army of the Republic
Selection ..Third U. S. Artillery Band
Selection Temple Quartet
"America".. Band and Audience
At the general committee meeting yes
terday, which was largely attended, C. T.
Masteller presided.
Communications accepting invitations lo
Join the memorial column at the Lombard
street entrance to the Presidio were re
ceived from George H. Thomas Post. G.
A. R-? the Veterans of the Mexican War.
and from Reinhold Rlchter Camp, of
Spanish-American War Veteran^. .
A resolution was adopted inviting visit-
Ing veterans to join in the of remoulds at
the National Cemetery and to attend the
evening exercises at Metropolitan Temple. \
Colonel B.'H. Plummer. grand marshal,
will in due time announce the selection of
aids.
The Second Brigade of the National
Guard will join the column at the Presidio
reservation. Orders for the troops to re
port to Grand Marshal Plummer have
been issued. ,
The ceremonies under i the auspices of
the Memorial day general committee
promise to be most interesting and appro
priate. The column will form at 10:30 a. m.
rear the .Lombard street entrance to the
Presldl0 -
The general , Memorial day committees,
composed of representatives of Grand
Army posts, the National Guard and other
patriotic organisations, met at United
States army headquarters in this city yes
terday and adopted a programme of '"ex
ercises for May 30 as follows:
Troops Will ¦ March to the
National Cemetery at the ~
Presidio.
Committee.
Programme of Exercises
Adopted by General
MEMORIAL DAY
PLANS ACCEPTED
The Bay City Athletic Club is either the
most unfortunate .athletic institution in
the world, or it possesses a very poor
matchmaker. Nearly every exhibition
: given by that club In the last six months
has been marred by fake boxing bouts
and the permitting of untrained men In
! the ring. Last night's exhibition in the
Mechanics' Pavilion Annex was no excep
tion to the rule, liiight bouts .were pre
sented and of that number two 'were pal
pable fakes and a third was spoiled by an
untrained boy entering the ring.
"Kid" Parker and Jerry Fairbanks were
first on the programme. Both lads were
newspaper venders and fast friends. They
struck each other with open gloves until
the referee warned them to fight properly.
The bout was a poor on^ and was won
by Parker. Jack McCormick and; Joe
Howard put up a splendid battle. Both
blocked cleverly - and landed hard and
with frequency. Howard was much bigger
and stranger than, his opponent and • sq
cured a decision. "Kid" Angelo knocked
Joe Reno • out in two rounds. Angelo
played for Reno's body and before the
first round "closed it took on a ruddy hue.
In the second Angelo sailed in and . bat
tered Reno to the carpet, 'but the plucky
boxer was up and ready for more. One
of his seconds, humanely threw up the
towel and Reno was led weeping from the
"Young Kid" McFadde'n secured a de
cision over Mike Haley after four rounds
cf heavy fighting. Haley would ,< have"
made a "better showing had hie seconds
remained quiet. Their continuous coach
ing bewildered the boy more than the
blows- McFadden showered on him.
Harry Baker, a. weak newsboy, who had
been ordered not to enter the ring by the
club's doctor, disobeyed the admonition
and tried -conclusions with hard-hitting-
Frankie Neil. Baker lasted one minute
and a half/ He picked out a. soft spot and
remained there until counted out. He af
terward admitted that he -had split the
purse and had not trained a minute for
the contest;* It is Just such cases as this
that result 1 in ring fatalities. "Cyclone"
Kelly and Harry Foley boxed two rounds
in a sllpBhod fashion and the club man
agers • ordered - them ( taken out of - the
ring. The' pair left the arena in a crest
fallen manner. »>
: Nobby Otts and Dan Barry put up the
best bout of the night. They, hammered
each other for - four rounds and as. neither
man had the advantage an extra round
was called. As the amateur rule3 will not
permit an extra round, the bout was
stopped after one minute's . fighting and
Otts was ¦ given a well deserved < decision: :
Teddy Wolfe knocked Red Kelly into in
sensibility in two rounds. -Kelly^showed
lack, of training and science and was no
match for his clever opponent. . _ ¦
the Elng by an Indignant
Crowd.
FISTIC EXHIBITION IS
MAHHED BY FAKE, BOXERS
Amateur Fighters Are Hooted Out of
'Th'rd race— One mile; four-year-olds and up
ward: pellirg.
(2453)Mont Eagle ...103 2494 Firelight II. ...103
2392 S. Dannenbm..lG3 2453 Rainier 108
24RG First Shot .....106 21S1 Formatuu ......103
¦»4!>4 H. Thatcher ...105 24S6 Ringmaster ...105
2453 Canejo ...103 2338 Poneo 103
Fourth race— Four furlongs; maiden two
year-olds;, purse.
2497 Prestene 115 2497 Caynne Pepper.105
2466 Armado 105 .... Arthur Ray ...118
2495 F Atterbury.-.llO 2497 Shell Mount.... 105
2423 Jacqueminot ..110 2497 You You 118
, 2497 Flattered .103
Fifth race— Six furlongs; three-year-olds and
upward; selling. --.U
(2492)Vantlne ......;..117 — Our Choice^ ....107.
2506 Spindle 1U7 2503 Prin. Titania..lO5
2476 M Hildreth 10. r ( 2500 Companion,- 106
2473 Foul Play ......117 2491 Ravlno 10i
Sixth race— One mile and seventy yards; four
i year-olds and upward; selling.
24J7 Kastalne 105 2474 Jim McCleevy.'.llO
<24S2) Barney F 107 2507 Burdock .......107
! 2478 Einstein 107 I499AlfCia.. 105
7.-.0J Castake 107 2479 Rinaldo 107
2425 Torsida 105 2502 Tom Calvert ..107
24SS Sunello 2305 Merops 10?
Probable Winners.
' First race— Homestake, Looram, Hohenlohe.
Second race— Marelio, Botany.' Gypsy Boy.
Third race— Formatus.' Mont Eagle, Canejo.
Fourth race— Shell Mount, Flattered, You
Tou
Fifth race— Vantine, Princess Tltanla, Foul
Play.
Sixth race— Merops, Jim McCleevy, Castake.
Second race— Four furlongs ; maiflen two-year
olds; purse. .«
2193 Resin .:.. ..108 2495 Pheny L 105
2195 Marelio 1131 2501 Discovery .....113
2495 Botany 110| 2495 Bis Ma&pie 108
2497 Gypsy Boy llii 24S5 Knocklngs 105
2493 Juros Idol \ .
To-Day's Entries.
First race— Five furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward: selling.
'308 Looram 112 2496 Aurora B 110
2453 Hohenlohe 115 2488 Sweet Voice.... 1U7
2489 Homestake ....110 25C9 Emlle Zola ....112
2496 Monda Hi 2416, Abbyllex L ....107
2140 B. Sheppard..\.107 1
The attendance was good,' and - first
choices rewarded their backers by tak
ing three purses. Ten books chalked
prices and were kept busy. Fauntleroy,
Alexander, Hoar, Armstrong,;' Stuart and
Bozeman each rode a winner.
-As the track was soft, Intrepido with
his bad legs found his way to favoritism,
in the betting on the opening sprint.
The gelding passed Senator Matis on the
way home, and standing a drive gamely,
defeated Sisctuoc a head. v. ¦
Prejudice, now owned by Burns and
Waterhouse, came out fresh looking as a
May poppy for the seven furlong run fol
lowing, and at scant odds won - all the
way. The mare will take same beating
from now on. Eight lengths away, Cas
dale ran in eight lengths before Burdock
for the place. :
Then followed the surprise of the .card.
With all the smart ones unloading on
Willie Sink's Royalty to win the five
furlong dash for two-year olds, Yellow
stone, a' 20 to 1 shot turned them all
down. The outsider early assumed the
lead, and though hard pressed* at the
close by Vasallo, lasted long enough to
get the decision by a head. Quadra led
Royalty out for third place.
Right on top of this came the victory
of another somewhat neglected one in
the betting. The books chalked 10 to 1
against Eddie Kauffman's mare . Katie
Wolcott, and well ridden by Armstrong,
she dropped in first, a length ahead of
La Calma, the Elmwood farm entry.
Rasp, the favorite, ended up in fourth po
sition, apparently unable to get up.
A large sized package of coin - was
dumped into the ring on High Hos to
get away with the final number, and the
mare delivered the merchandise. . Backed
from threes to 6 to 5. Bozeman landed
her first, half a length iri advance of
Master Cal, a 15 to 1 chance. Alexander
on Oscar Tolle was third.
cap over a mile and fifty yards, at
Oakland yesterday. The track was in a
heavy condition, and with Stuart and 107
pounds up, those who fancied Shannon
got Shi to 1 against ¦ their money, for The
Fretter, packing top weight, occupied the
seat of honor. From the start Rio Shan
non held the other starters safe, and if
he did not only win finally by half a
length, it was merely because Stuart
/wished to beat Wyoming ' no further.
The Fretter ran a fair third j Tommy
Butler's mount, the light weighted Ada
N, received a severe bumping at the
first turn. x . .','¦
RIO SHANNON SMARTEST
ONE IN -THE HANDICAP
Ridden. by Stuart, Wins as He Pleases From Wyoming and
The Fretter— Yellowstone, Furnishes the; Surprise of ;'the
Day, Coming in First at 20 toVi— Three' Choices Score
IT was as easy, as stealing a lead
pencil from a blind man for Rio
Shannon, the bay. son of El Rio
Rey. to trim his field in the handi-
UNPAID TAXES
ARE NOT HEAVY
Auditor and Collectoi
Strike an Annual
Balance.
Owners of Personal Property
Are Still Owing
$76,000.
-'- ?""¦:
The annual accounting between thei
ditor and the Tax Collector was practi
cally completed yesterday. Some idea oi
the financial condition of the munldpallts
may be obtained from it. •
On the books of the Auditor the Taa
Collector is charged with $90,293 47 on per
sonal property unsecured by real estate,
On this has been collected and paid to the
Treasurer $14,019 81, leaving a balance due
of $76,273 66. On personal property secure*
by real estate the figures show the as
sessment amounted to $l,331,33o 83. Collec
tions amounted to $1,280,377 60, leaving a
balance of $50,953 22. . ¦ • -
The amount charged to the first in
stallment of taxes on real estate is ?3.3«.
311 48, and of this $2,313,227 65 was jwJd In.
the outstanding balance being $26,083 83.
On the second installment $2,344,311 oO was
charged and $2,296,247 77 collected, $48,064 X
remaining delinquent.
All assessments combined aggregated
$6,110,252 28 and the amounts collected *>,
908.872 23. leaving an apparent uncollected
balance of S201.3SO 05. The Board of Equal
ization further reduced the assessment,
leaving a balance of $198,794 72. It is ex
pected that some $50,000 will be paid in be
fore the sale, reducing the amount tc
$148,794 72. Another item to be considered
is the refunding of about $100,000 levied as
taxe3 on the stocks of national banks, a
matter which is now in dispute in the
courts. This leaves ' the amount delin
quent $48,794 72. The estimated penalty or
the total delinquency is $32,504.
Although the amount of taxes remain
ing unpaid has been less in several years
previous, it i3 proportionately lower, wher
the amount of the tax levy of the com
pared fiscal years is taken Into consider
ation. According to Auditor Wells it
shows a most gratifying financial state.
"I think when accounts are balanced ai
the end of the year." said the Auditor yes
terday afternoon, "that we will have had
the most successful year in the history ol
our city as far as finances are concerned.
SPECIAL STAKE TO BE
BTJN ON DECORATION DAY
Dogs of Good Class to Contest at
Union Coursing Park
, .jii", . on Thursday.
A special holiday stake will be run on
Thursday at Union Coursing Park. The
entries comprise dogs of good class.
Trains -will leave for the park at 10:30 and
11:30. • Following is the result of the draw-
Special stake, sixty-four dogs— J. R; Mc-
Carthy's John Rod vs. W. C. de B. }fV*\*
Jewess; Kay Bros/ Hawker vs. D. J. Healy ' s
Nicaslo; C. O. Peterson's Silver Cloud vs. w.
C de R Lopez's Sarah: P. E. Jackson's Honor
Bright vs. . Star Kennels* Blackhead, Pasha
Kennels' Fiery Face vs. J. Kerrigan's Roxana:
S. Schou's Smuggler vs. W. Cairns'. Gold Ore;
T J. Cronln's Vandal vs. Star Kennels' Mas
ter Lawrence: A. E. Kennels' Achilles, vs. P.
M., Curtis' Echo; George Sharman's St. Ives
v« " TV ' C Glasson's lone; Aeneid Kennels
AVhena vs. A. R. Curtis' Blue Ribbon: T. J.
Cronln'B Thornhlll vs. W. J. Leonard's Tom
Hurllek; J. Dean's "Walkover vs. J. Dempsey s
Jingle Bells; Star Kennels' "Fontenoy vs.
George Sharman's Bowery Boy: Star Kennels'
Herschel's Pride vs. Russell & Allen's Wed
ding Bells; Sterle & Knowles' O'Hara vs. r>.
Dillon's Granuvllla: P. Doyle's Liberator h'S.
V Silver's Good Hope; H. H. Gray's Com
mander vs. Aeneld Kennels' Aeneas ; F. A.
McComb'a Royal Fashton vs. Captain Clark
son's Flower of Gold; T. J. Cronin's Vixen vs.
W. Kahn's Imperious; P. M. Curtis" McKinley
vs J ¦Dowlin&'a Sir Lawrence; A. R. Curtis'.
Havadash-vsv- A. R. , Curtis* CharUrj Pasha
Kennels' Real Article vs. Pa3ha Kennels"
Rural Artist; P. - Doyle's. Thelma vs. F. E.
Gerber's Mt. Ida; Sterle & Knowles' Sleety
Mist vs. P. M. Curtis' - Narcissus ; Russell in
Allen's Lady Claire vs. Sterle & Knowles"
Ripple; A. R. Curtis' Lord Beaconsfleld vs.
Pasha Kennels' Lawrence; E. N. Whlteslde's
Gold Bue vs. Thomas Maher*s Bad Boy: P.
Jackson's Golden Russett vs. H. H. Gray's
Bannockburn: G. "Waiters' The Chief vs P.
Steinhoff's Veto: D. Rlordan's Mollie R vs.
F. E. Gerber's Rlenzl; Aeneld Kennels' Age
memnon vs. D. J. Healy's Maggie M; Pasha
Kennels' Roman Athlete vs. F. Hughes' King's
Borderer. • • : -' ';.../.'.¦¦.
Game Law Violators Caught.
The Fish Commissioners report that
Deputies J. H.'Davls and L. N. KerchevaJ
caught two more violators of the Satur
day . and • Sunday law at the mouth of
Feather River on Sunday. The men— Joe
Soto and James Flores hy name— were ap
prehended in the act of sinking a salmon
net. -They had some fish in. their posses
sion. They were held in $1000' bonds at
Yuba City. The minimum penalty for this
offense is $200.
Accused of a Felony.
."Willis F. Cornell, 518 Sacramento street,
swore, to a warrant In Judge Cabaniss'
court yesterday for the arrest of Edgar
Painter on the charge of felony embezzle
ment. It is alleged that Painter, while
an officer ;of the Painter-Cornell Co.,
mortgaged a Campbell printing press
valued at $250 to Nellie F. Cornell, which
he ' sold ' to "John Doe" ¦ Freal on ¦ June 1,
18S9, without notifying Cornell.
McGOVERN AND HERRERA
ARE READY FOR BATTLE
¦ . '. • . ¦ • ,'¦¦¦•-•••.¦¦¦.'
Two Featherweights in Fine Shape* for Their Contest Be-
* fore ' the, National ; 'Athletic - Club To-Morrow Evening.
• *?kid". McFadden ;¦ ¦ arid • ' Dougherty Are -to Meet Again
•the! ; sa]n : gK#jsffi^ ;gs; 'j^Cm. ¦
4
THE CALfS RACING FORM CHART
ing:
ADVEETISEMENTS. " \
ff%BB §*§&& §?* » §*'&&$*$
\&JfaBi ¦-'¦ BTB KS?S S IQp wS ts
All day long and racking with pain from
her head to her heels. That is what
many a self-supporting girl must experi-
ence. On those
days each month, . «*^/» '
when in other cir- \2jr^&?
curnstances she "^^^^
would go to bed, \^ jslr
6he must still be * ¦>
at the desk or
counter and Strug-
Backache, head- \^<p$&$$$L
ache, and other sS«^/^^^ik
womanl3- diseases ~~T~^^»j^^^^
are perfeptly cured «, Swi&E&B3e?ik
by Dr. Pierce's Fa- | . fj&BBBBgM
vorite Prescrip- J B^^^^^P
the cause of these j flsBgBEpaBjpj -
pains. It estab- /
lishes regularity, ' fpPfi|f2l§i«
dries enfeebling
drains, heals in-
flammalion and i^^^^H^^^^.
ulceration and .j PfgfiMMHgralffl
cures female weak-
ness. // makes ~\ /
strong and sick lui »>
women well. ;
RAEN ALL GONE.
« I have taVcn votir medicine with the greatest
satisfaction." write* Mrs. George Riehl, of Lock-
port Station. Westmoreland Co.. Penna. "Your
1 Favorite Prescriotion • has cured me of uterine
trouble that I suffered from for fifteen yean. and
painful monthly troubles. I can honestly say I
can work n whole day and not pet tired, and
before taking Dr. Pierce's medicines I always
frit Ured. My pain is all gone and I feel like a
new person. I suffered .Trith headache all the
time, but hjrre no headache now since taking-
your medicine. I have t been cured of troubles
that I Buffered from for fifteen years, and the
best doctor in the state could not cure me." ~
Dr. Pierce's Common Sense Medical
Adviser, in paper covers, is sent free on
/receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to pay
expense of mailing only. Address D£
R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y.
/\ft&r the Firel
P^LADD'S GUN STORE
Reopened at old number, 421 Kearny
street. Good* eliffhtly- damaged by water
and fire to be »old for thirty days at
Great Reduct'.on. FISHING TACKLE and
SPORTING GOODS , of every description.
All new roods at special- discount during
e ale Hlrhest - cash j price paid for raw .
Fur« 6*nd S cent* * for postage of 103-
pag* Illustrated catalogue. -- ¦ - - ;
— l^' . . - - • ¦ . — .
5 nnh?L Ut } or ' s r££ o we received two lots 0/ stiff bosom P
m a \^ They^ B ? ld we »— that is, -they sold fast. K
M ?f >^ w ,? lf find thei rj , br °ken— no one pattern contains all |^
H / f lz f?l i bu l 1 f s a f hole the shirts have every size from 14 pj
H Th 9 PJ. "eras: are stylish and the colors are de- M
¦ Ei fl'aole.-.-Tno shirts formerly sold tor 75c and $1.00, but aa *£j
- -ra sizes are broken every shirt will go for eg
¦•§!'•' ¦ ¦"¦•¦'¦'•JS.Oc,; each ||
* M ?!,' T . he w i H las } untU L he ' shI rts are all gone-maybe M
H that wlirbe four «3ays, and then again it might be only S.'
H Out-of-town orders Tilled— write us. H
B , . " Tiai^Markct Street. ' |§not seem to tire of a repetition. It 1b full
of clean fun and pretty music, which; the
I Tivoli people bring out with fine effect,
* and the staging is about the best that
has been seen at this house.- The toy
. rratinee last Saturday was. such a success
that the management - will ¦ give another
on next. Saturday. An extra matinee will
be given on Thursday..
¦ ¦ ¦ -— ~ ~ . '
Orpheum. ,
Henry Lee, a splendid character imper
* sonator, is the new face at the Orpheum
this week. The holdovers, however, are
so good that they are worth seeing many
times. -"The Major's Appointment," a
. playlet that makes the gentle weep, is
Barrow's offering /or this week, and in it
lie finds ample opportunities for. himself
and company. Grace Van Studdiford has
some new songs and "Lew Sully a batch
of clever new jokes- that make the pro
gramme appear even to the regular Or.
pheum goers a brand new thing stuffed
with joy. * . - ' ¦• ' "
California.
"Phroso," the . dramatized version of
Anthony Hope's novel, was again pre
sented at the California Theater last
night by the Neill Company to a well
filled, house. All the characters are well
sustained and the, many stirring situa-
Some bachelors Join the army because
they like war— and some married men be
cause they like peace. >, > ¦ • . ¦ ¦ .
"Women in Dead Letter Ofiica.
Germany has taken a leaf out of Amer
ica's book. Each head branch depart
ment of the German Postal Department
throughout the empire has its own dead
letter office," and the work of opening re
turned letters In each office has always
been assismed to four men. The Berlin
head office has now. however, appointed
four women to do this work. The Central
Postoffice at Washington, r>. C.has long
employed women for it, finding them more
skillful than men in unraveling tangled
addresses. — Woman's Journal.
Sidney Smith's Prayer for Edward.
To the Editor of the Spectator— Sir: On
the Sunday after the birth of his Majesty
King Edward Vll, then Duke of Cornwall.
Sydney Smith, preaching at St. Paul's
Cathedral, made an addition of the Bid
ding Prayer as follows:
"We pray also for that infant of the
royal race whom in thy good Providence
thou hast given us for our future King.
We beseech Thee so to mold his heart
and fashion his spirit that he may become
a blessing and not an evil to the land of
his birth. May he grow in favor with
man, by leaving to its own force and di
rection the energy of a free people. May
he grow in favor with God by holding the
faith of Christ . fervently and feelingly,
without feebleness, without fanaticism,
without folly. As he will be the first man
in these realms, so may he be the best;
disdaining to hide bad actions by high
station, and endeavoring always by the
example of a strict and moral life to re
pay those gifts which a loyal people are
so willing to spare from their own neces
sities to a good King."— New York Sun.
Poultry- and Game Dressers' Union.
The Poultry and Game Dressers' Union
met last night at California Hall and
elected the following delegates to the San
Francisco Labor Council: Joseph Johnson
and James Peacock; board of trustees,
George Peacock, James Ward and A.
Dhue.
Knights and. Ladies of Honor.
Aurora Lodge of the Knights and La
dies of Honor at its meeting last week
night initiated two candidates under the
new ritual according to the rule laid down
for the amplified form. After the meet
ing there, was a most enjoyable entertain
ment of varied numbers.
Make Him Give TJp His Shoes.
Thomas Nelson was accused In Judge
Cabanlss' court yesterday of stealing
Frank Gott's shoes and other articles.
They are both employed in the Enterprise
Hotel, Sixteenth and Folsom streets. Nel
son was convicted and sentenced to forty
days in jail. As he was leaving the court
room for the prison Gott discovered Ke
was wearing: the stolen shoes. He su
cured an order from the Judge for them,
which he took to the prison. Nelson was
compelled to take off the footwear, which
Gott carried away with him In triumph.
MTTRDEROTJS ASSAULT
"UPON SERGEANT LEWIS
Trial of Alfred Mclaughlin, One of
th.e il>ef endants, How
Going On.
. A Jury .was secured in Judge B. T. Wil
liams' court yesterday for the trial of
Alfred McLaughlin on the charge of as
sault to murder upon Sergeant John M.
Lewis in the house of Thomas Bryant.
Twenty-fourth and Rhode Island streets,
March J6 last.
The witnesses examined yesterday were
Sergeant Lewis, Drs. R. M. Dodsworth,
F. B. Williamson and J. A. Simpson:
Thomas Bryant. Henry Finkeldy, Wllle
Bichert and Policemen Kenvllle and
Brown.
The case goes on to-day.
Secretary Root Says That He
Can Do Nothing For
• Them.
¦WASHINGTON. May 27.— The, five
cadets dismissed by the Secretary from
the West Point Military Academy called
at the War Department this afternoon
and 'were presented to Secretary Root by
Senator Hawley of Connecticut and Sen
ator Cockrell of Missouri. The object of
the cadets' visit was to complain to Sec
retary Root that action had been taken in
their cases without giving them access to
the testimony against them, or without
permitting them to offer any testimony in
reply to the charges made as to their con
duct. Each" cadet made a long- statement
to Secretary Root, and all. were persistent
In their representations that they had not
been treated fairly. At the conclusion of
their statements Secretary Root asked
them if they had not .been given a copy of
the r'.^rgres against them, and they re
plied .\ the affirmative. They also admit
ted beli.g- in a group that mad^va demon
stration against Superintendent Mills.*
Secretary Root told, them he could do
nothing for them; that the action of the
War Department was final, and that they
would not be given an opportunity to
have the question reopened. After leaving
Secretary Root's office they went to the
office of General Davis, Judge Advocate
General, whom they knew when he was
instructor of law at West Point, and re
newed their j efforts to impress the auth
oritleswith the justice of their - claims,
but without avail.
Complain That Fair Trial
Was Not Given
. Them.
CADETS APPEAL
FOR REHEARING
Grass Valley Mining Case.
Blennett Opie and Ross E. Browne were
the -witnesses examined yesterday In the
United States Circuit Court in the case of
tho Pennsylvania Consolidated Mining
Company vs. ,the Grass Valley Explora
tion Company. Their testimony, was as to
the direction of the Pennsylvania vein.
Nothing new or- important was elicited.
The trial will be resumed at 11 o'clock this
morningr. • .
ian quartets and the Colonial double sex
tet. Over sixty people will be on the stage
in the nautical first part and the per
formance will conclude with amazon
marches by Tivoli young ladies and six
teen Oakland Elks. The house will be
packed. • , ' .- ¦ .
p^p^HE Importance of Being Earnest,"
I a trivial comedy by Oscar Wilde,
I , was presented at the Columbia
1L Theater last evening- by Henry
/ Miller and his talented company.
The audience was keenly alive to^the wit
and satire of which Wilde was a mas
ter and the clever work of Miller
and his associates brought out the
heartiest approval of those who wit
nessed the play; Miller's company is not
as strong as it was last season and while
the performance last night was excellent,
it lacked the finesse that characterized
the previous presentations of Miller's
company. Margaret Anglin and E. J.
Morgan are not easily replaced. Of
those who shared the success of last
night, special mention must 1 ' be accord
ed to Miss Jennie Eustace and Miss
Florence Rockwell. The change from a
costume play to a society comedy serves
to show the versatility of Miller and his
company. "The Importance of Being
Earnest" is well presented and should
serve to crowd the theater during the
week.
Grand Opera-House.
San Francisco . gave to Melbourne Mac-
Dowell last night an open handed w"el
come, as warm as a California 'summer,
and filled the Grand Opera-house with
a ' discriminating and well pleased audi
ence that applauded all the good things
in Victorlen Sardou's , "Cleopatra," and
was tolerant of the indifferent. | The
costumes were . rich, the scenery beauti
ful, and the spirit of the play well car
ried out. Mr. MacDowell has Improved
in appearance and even, in style since we
last saw him and he .well earned the ap
plause that was showered upon his first
appearance. . Florence Stone made the
most of the role of -the Egyptian queen
and, although boisterous where force was
Indicated in the lines, amply made up
for that error by the excellence of her,
acting in the magnificent fourth act, the
gem of the play. Jack Webster, ; the
Kephren, was over loud and authoritative
for a slave. The thunder storm, before
the temple of Isis was well worked up
and earned' curtain . calls for the princi
pal characters." "Cleopatra" will have a
good' week's run . if the reception * last
night is to be taken as an indication.
Central.
"The War of Wealth" began what prom
ises to be a most successful engagement
at the Central Theater last night. ;Tho
play is described on the bill as a' romantic
melodrama, and it fully measures up .to
that designation, being replete with thrill
ing arid lurid complications in I almost
every act.. .. Robert Cummings- as ¦ John
Warfleld' In the leading role ¦ earned re
peated applause for his emotional work.
Oza Waldrop as Hallie Worley.^the ln
j»enue part, is very clever. ..'*'.
Othefmembers of the cast who acquit
ted themselves satisfactorily are Richard
Scott, George Nichols, Paul ; Gerson,
George Webster, Lorena Atwood," Fay
Courtney and Margaret Marshall.
Tivoli.
"The Toy Maker" opened, its third week
last night at. the . Tivoll Opera-house to
the usual big audience. The merry piece
sees better than ever and the people do
tlons are admirably worked out. The
play ' Is gorgeously mounted and \ should
be well patronized. '
Alcazar.
The "First Born" began its second week
at the Alcazar last evening. There was
no diminution In the attendance and the
play was warmly received. "Glorlana,"
the curtain-raiser, received, its meed of
applause and < everybody seemed pleased
with the nisht's entertainment.
Howard Scott, Barton . Hill, Charles
Biyan and Miss Lila Condere made their
usual hits in their parts and were warmly,
applauded.
Fischer's Concert House.
Merle Stanton, lyric soprano, and Mile.
Atlantis, fire; dancer, were new at Fisch
er's Concert House last night and both
scored hits. ! Carter and Gerald, singing
and talking • comedians, presented an
amusing specialty; ? Gladys Mlddleton
sang new songs; William De Boe, the
"upside down" man, continued his -won-,
derf ul act, and Clara PalAer Hyde, - the
violinist, responded- to" six encores. The
rest of the bill was good and the ,hous*
was packed.- ' - ' * • . ¦
Chutes.
Olympia.
• The ¦ famous J Flying Jordans are the
headllners at Ithe Chutes- this week and
proved ' a big card with .their sensational
aerial act. Clinton Montgomery has a
fine barytone voice and sang several new
songs with beautiful illustrated pictures.
Mile. Adelaide appears In a graceful high
wire act. Gullo Rosetti has a fine tenor
voice and sang selections - from*, popular
operas. E Other rood numbers | are Jeseph-
Ine Gassman and her pickaninnies, the
Wilson novelty dancers, Baby- Ruth Ro
land and new moving: pictures. ... » t . • .
There is an exceptionally; good bill . this
week, at the Olympia. Tho aerial trapeze
act of the Samayoas is 'one of; the most
daring, pieces of work" ever . seen on the
local vaudeville stage. J Ethel Barlow, Ma
bel Hudson 1 and Mabel Rutherford were
all well received last - night and all the
other, numbers were , thoroughly appreci
ated. -. •.'¦-':-. — ' ¦ . ' ¦-¦'' '¦¦ - ¦•
Wonderful Fairy Play.
All: the wonderful thjrigs, of fairy lore
that delight , the children, and entertain
those of more mature j years will | be N seen
and heard in the ' pretty fairy {operetta,
"The Marsh King,',' to be given : at ; a
matinee I next ' Saturday at the ' Alhambra
Theater, - for the benefit of , the "Little
Jims" and the other, little sufferers -at
the Children's Hospital In Ithis cityi* §3
.There is the ."gloomy wood, V. where the
wonderful Enchantress weaves her" spells
and 'stirs her caldron! there is^the* mys
terious Marsh King,*' Flamado, who lives
in . a shadowy cavern, under the marthes
and . who holds » in ; captivity , ,the ; brave
knight Roland, brother of the beauteous
maiden, Hildegarde;; there are mysterious
conspirators who; plot the ¦ downfall : of
everybody,' : and t almost" two -score .of
lovely 'moonbeams;; who," attending, their
fair Moon Queen,'. assist her. to straighten
out all the s complications.'! All — these,
with a ; 'danclng,~ singing, playful, ' dainty,
throng ; of sprites, trolls, .elves, gnomes.
Father O'Hyan Lectures.
The lecture by Rev. Philip O'Ryan Sat
urday riight before the Gaelic Leagus was
largely attended. Father O'Ryan spoke
on "Irish Literature" and his lecture was
most interesting. The lecture was pre
ceded by selections by the following:
William Desmond, Miss Madge Vaughn,
George J. Lowe, Miss Minnie O'Leary,
Gaelic Mondolin and Auto-Harp Club, M.
Lawless. Miss Delia Lorigan, "William
Judge. Jeremiah Deasy, H. J. McMahon,
S. J. Sandy.
The memorial day exercises by the A ete- r
ran Firemen's Association, to be held at
Laurel Hill Cemetery Thursday, will be
under the direction of the following mem
bers : Samuel McDowell, G.- "W. Kennard,
Samuel Baker, M. F. Smith, Samuel
Drummond, Charles - McFarland, D. A.
Finn, James O'Donnell.
The programme arranged is as follows:
Introductory remarks by President Sam
uel McDowell; hymn, Tivoll quartet; ser
vices and sermon. Rev. E. J. Lion; re
marks, Chief D. T. Sullivan; short his
tory, "Exempt Fire Company," Secretary
J. J. Guilfoyle; poem, Charlotte N. Cum
nrrns; address, Robert Ferral.
Firemen's Memory to Be Honored.
A pessimist is never happy unless he in
unhappy.
Restaurant Manager Beaten.
F. W". Krone, manager of a Geary-street
restaurant, was treated at the Receiving
Hospital last night for a fractured nose
and numerous bruises. The injuries were
Inflicted bv James Gray and James Moran,
friends cf a tailor named Miller, with
whom Krone- was having an altercation.
Gray and Moran were arrested ! and
charged with battery. •
SCENE FROM THE THRILLING DRAMA "PHROSO," "WHICH IS PRESENTED TO CROWDED AND EN
THUSIASTIC "HOUSES AT THE CALIFORNIA THEATER BY THE NEILL COMPANY. THE PLAY IS FULL,
OK LIFE AND ACTION. \. • . ¦ :
WTiy Don't You Travel by Sea?
Call at office of Pacific Coast Steamship
Co.. 4 New Montgomery St.. and inform
yourself concerning that company's im
proved service and low rates to Los An
geles, San Diego. Santa Barbara. Tacoma,
Seattle, Juneau, Skaguay and- all Pacific
Coast ports.
Congregational Club ¦ IKnner.
The Congregational Club of San FTan
cisco and vicinity held a banquet last
evening at the California Hotel. At the
dinner the following named were elected
members of the club:
Harold A. Davenport, David W. Dickie,
Frank Tallant Smith, Joseph J. Phillips,
Charles M. Bufford, Rev. F. Vernon Jones, W.
C. Barnard. A. S. Carman. W. L. Culver, P.
IT. Fowler. J. F. Kennlson. J. H. Lawrence.
D. H. Porter. Philip R. Thayer and George W.
Dickie.
Going After Judge Noyes.
Deputy United States Marshal W. P.» B.
Gamble will start from Seattle on June 5
on the steamship "Warren for Nome to
serve upon United States District Judge
Arthur H. Noyes and United States Dis
trict Attorney Joseph Woods a writ is
sued by the United States Circuit Court
of Appeals commanding them to appear
before the court in this city on October
14 and show cause, if any they have, why
they should not be punished for contempt.
He will also bring- down with him ex-
Judge Dudley Dubose, who has been ad
judged guilty of contempt and sentenced
to serve six months' imprisonment in the
Alameda County Jail-
For a New Organ.
A concert, the object of which is to pur
chase a new organ for the Church of Sts.
Peter and Paul. will, be given in Sherman
& Clay Hall. 223 Sutter street, this even
ing. The following named artists will ap
pear:
Tickets are for sale at Saleslan Fathers',
Sherman & Clay's, Monitor office and Gallagh-
SIgnorlna Nice Barbareschl, Signor F. , Ave
dano, Signer Pio Facci, Sijjnor Itocco Laraja,
Sig-norinas L.. and A. Spadlna, : Slgnorlna Lla
Polettlni. SlgTior V. E. Cactellano;' Sisrnor Q.
Zani. Siffnor Pietro Marino and Slgnorina M.
Schoenker. Musical directors, Signor A. Spa
dina and Sienor S. Martinez.
ireW OFFICERS SELECTED
FOB, OLD PEOPLE'S HOME
Worthy People Chosen to Look Out
for Interests of Inmates of
Institution.
The annual meeting- of the society and
the trustees of the Old People's Home
was held yesterday at the office of the
home, corner of Pine and Pierce streets.
The following-named gentlemen were
elected trustees to serve for the ensuing
year:
William H. Crocker, Georg-e Crocker, Charles
K. Oreen. Charles F. Hanlon. D. Hewes. J. C.
Klrkpatrick. Joseph Xowland. Charles Xelson,
S. 15. Petersen, Henry T. Scott and A. W.
Scctt.
The ladies elected to serve as a board of
managers are the following named:
Mr. F\ M. Ames. Mrs. John Barton. Mrs.
K-ugine Eresse, lira. F. Bates, Mrs. William
II. Brown, Mrs. C. T. Deane, Mrs. A. R. De
poru, Mrs. William H. Dick. Mrs. William J.
Dutton. Hit. V. K. Frlel<\ Mrs. Charles Good
nil. Mrs. Isaac Hecht. Mrs G«>or?e Knight.
Mrs. C. T. Lairererantz. ¦ Mrs. J. L. Martel.
Mrs. C. T. Mills, Mrs. F. G. Xorman. Mrs.
M. R. Roberts, Mrs. W. P. Shaw, Mrs. A. W.
Scctt, Mrs. George H. Tyson, lire. C. C.
¦\Vadsworth. Mrs. Georg-e B. Warren. Mrs.
"William H. Crocker. Mrs. S. Wenban, Mrs.
William Willis and Sirs. K. S. Temans.
The board of lady managers was organ
ized by the election of the following
named officers:
President, Mrs. D. E. Friele: first vice presi
dent. Mrs. John Barton: second vice president,
Mrs. J. Li. Mantel; third vice president, Mrs.
F. G. Xorman; treasurer, Mrs. William H.
Dick; secretary. Mr?. Georpe B. Warren.
BIG HAUL IDE
BY BUNKO MEN
Son of Hawaiian Planter
Is Fleeced Out of
$5000.
*7
Victim Advised to Go Home,
but He Finally Informs
the Police.
One of the most successful swindles
ever perpetrated by bunko men In this
city was consummated yesterday morn
ing when 55000 was obtained by four con
fidence men from the son of a millionaire
planter of the Hawaiian Islands.
The young man recently arived from
Hawaii and brought a letter of credit for
$3000 on the Anglo-Californian Bank. Yes
terday morning, while walking on Mar
ket Ftrec-t, the ycung Hawaiian was ac
costed by a well dressed man, who struck
up an acquaintance. The bunko steerer
was "Sheeny Kid." whose face adorns
the Rogues' Gallery of many cities. The
swindler told his 'Hawaiian friend that
he was the nephew of a well-known mil
lionaire, who has large interests in Ha
waii. Finally the victim was induced to
go to the Anglo-California Bank and cash
his letter of credit.
In a little while the Hawaiian was
steered to a room at 21 Grant avenue,
where "Billy McDonald," "Morgan,"
alias "Cruiser Jim," and "Foster." alias
"Crooked," were engaged in a game of
poker. The Hawaiian was Induced to
take a hand and the old "mitt-game"
was sprung on him. He was allowed to
win at first, and finally, when the stakes
were heavy, he was dealt four kings.
Excited at his previous good fortune, the
victim did not allow himself to be bluffed.
When all his money was on the table, he
was "called"' by one of the gang, who
held four sees.
The Hawaiian was staggered at his loss,
and the men who fleeced him promised to
help him out of his trouble. They told
him that "gentlemen" never paid back
their winnings, but prave him $200 and a
bogus check for SSOOO on a bank in Ha
waii. The victim was advised to say noth
ing as to his escapade. ¦ but to leave the
city for a few days and return to Hawaii
as soon as he could. The Hawaiian was
escorted to the ferry building and was
left there. Finally realizing- that he was
the victim of bunko-steerers. the , Ha
waiian sought a police officer and told
his story. He was escorted to police
headquarter? and Captain of Detectives
Seymour was able to identify the bunko
men by the descriptions furnished. De
tectives Wren and Bfnan were sent out to
round up the quartet of rogues, and their
victim was taken to his hotel to ponder
over the pitfalls that menace a stranger
in large cities.
HONOLULU. H. T.. May 16.— A joint
committee of the Legislature yesterday
paid a visit to Quarantine Island landing
to inspect the immigrants" brought here by
the steamer Colon. They are Porto
Ricans and were declared to be In need of
food and rest before they would be strong
enough to stand the trip to s the other
islands.
The trip of the legislators resulte'd in
disagreement as to the condition of the
immigrants and their value as new citi
zens of Hawaii. The three Senators who
were en the committee have mado a
unanimous renort to the effect that the
Porto. Ricans are all right, but it Is under
stood that John Emmeluth of the House
Committee will present a report severely
denouncing the planters for bringing the
Porto Ricans here and on account of al
leged ill-treatment of them when they ar
rived.
More than half the immigrants on the
Colon were women and children ai:d a
considerable number of the men were in
firm, while all were more or less emaci
ated. This is attributed to lack of food In
their old homes. Some of thos« who came
will never be able to work and Jt is said
the planters will enpage representatives
to act for them In Porto Rico and see that
no more such immigrants are sent heie at
their expense. Objection is made here to
the bringing in of so many children, who
will have to be educated at the expense of
the Territory, and of many men and wo
men who are said to be unlikelv to ever
become healthy and strong..
NO CKIITESE WTLLi BE LOST.
Asiatics in Hawaii Are Taking Out
Their Certificates.
HONOLULU, May 16.— The Internal
Revenue Bureau now has about sixty men
at work on the registration of ChUu-so.
The Federal Government allows the Chi
nese in the Territory until the 13th of June
to get certificates allowing Cham to re
main In American territory and about 13.
000 of the 23,000 Chinese here have made
applications for the certificates. The coun
try districts are being searched for Chi
nese and all arKbelne notified of the ne
cessity for procuring the certificates. It
it believed that all the Chinese here y/ill
get the necessary papers before the -time
limit in which they may do so expires.
watching 1 the New Comet.
HONOLULU, May 16.— The comet ob
served a few days ago to the southwest is
daily growing brighter and attracts much
attention. It is watched by many people
every evening-. It is visible as soon as
darkness comes and disappears below the
horizon between 9 and 10 o'clock.
Many of the Imported Labor
ers Are Unfit to
"Work.
Islands Protest Against
Invasion of Porto
Ricans.
HAWAII GAINS
POOR CITIZENS
THE SA^T FKAWcispb CAIiL,; TOESDAY, MA
Melbourne MacDowell Warmly Greeted at Grand Opera House.
"Phroso" Is' Drawing Strongly— Orpheum /Presents Henry
Lee, Character Impersonator— "First Born" Is the, .Rage Again.
HENRY MILLER SCORES WELL
IN COMEDY BY OSCAR WILDE
marsh frogs, fireflies -and ¦will o' the
wisps, some of them, richly costomed and
others tastefully attired in very little of
anything, all making a fetching comDina
" tlon that will insure success. .
The Alameda ladies who have so .often
contributed - to the hospital fund through
their successful .entertainments have
"carried the' war into Africa" and are
coming over to give San Franciscans an
opportunity to see what talented .- Alameda
children, can do under the successful - di
rection of musicians and artists, of high
standing. Tickets for sale ¦ at Sherman
& Clay's Wednesday morning."
Elks' Entertainment.
To-night, at S'o'clock sharp, the curtain
will rise on the Elks' entertainment at
the Alhambra, under the auspices of San
Francisco Lodge No. 3, B. P. O. E. The
lodge has put forth every endeavor to
make the occasion a memorable one and
a programme has been prepared that "will
go down In the annals of amusements on
the Pacific Coast. Among the volunteers
are Camille d'Arville. the great operatic
star; Josephine Gassman and ; her • pick
aninnies; Mr. and Mrs. Tobln, '. refined
musical artists; George Matthews, • the
Golden Gate barytone; the Corinthian
Minstrels, the Elks, Rincon and Corinth-
5
.?? What is Malaria? ...
MALARIA is One of the most subtle affections with which we have to deal.
There is iW a hamlet or town in this country in which malaria is not found. It
is a- peculiar poison circulating or existing in the air, a .result of veg-
etable decomposition, — poisons emanating from the soil. Its most marked ac-
tion is upon the kidneys and liver, yet it gives rise to other complaints as well,
each of which, however, can be traced primarily to the fact that the kidneys
and liver have become diseased Q
The presence of malaria can be recognized by the fact that there are
chills or fever, headache, backach^ pain in the loins or extremities, sweat-
ing, sometimes profuse, other times but littlei marked '
There are cases tint are termed dumb ague which are malarious in charac-
ter, in winch there is no sweating, and but rarely any fever, yet a continued
malaise, a lack of energy and buoyancy, in fact a prostration which com-
pletely enervates the sufferer, causing tired feelings, headaches, neuralgia,
enlargement and hardening of the liver, and Bright's disease of the kidneys.
Warner's Safe Cure alTOr c m u s r Sf MALARIA
United Stales Leajruc of the World's Women Olllcc Gmnd Secretary. Grand Lodge No. 2.
for international Disarmament. Uraud United Order Odd Fellows,
February. 1>. 1901. January 10, 1001.
Wl ,' ... R .- F r ,. R - co Warner's Sakk Cukk Co..
Waiter s Safe CtRE CO.. Rochester, N. Y.
Roclic r, , _ Gentlemen .—I have been troubled with
Gentlemen :— A ftrr my return iromfcti- -iruilarial fever and indigestion for two sea-
rope I felt a physical prusiralloti which my j^,,,; Anfi knnvv nol wnere t0 Dnd relief until
physician did not seem auto to enne wiui . iny R(XH i d ( >ctor told me to try Warner's Sato
My system wax poison^l and eruptions oi cure. 1 have never pivcu a testimonial be-
thc skin with pain ov«r my enure t>ody roi- fon . DUt j breaii tne rujo because I found .
lowed. My husband aovlso' m<J * i i°.^ r y this medicine of such superior merit and it .
Warner's Safe Cure as it had helped nim afforded such a prompt and lasting cure In ?
very much, and I procured a bottle. I oe- mT r?50 tj^ j j- C ] it:nv duty to say this
sun t-i loil Ix-tur In -iiioui foiii a*\f anil tiiitikitiji pcrhap s some' one rise may b«
after lliCMf <.nd tKitiU: was ab->ut half u>ea satfisruiR In the same way and will be as
I was .perfectly well aud have had no trouble t0 ,,i a CU re as 1 was. '
since. n>j . • ¦ " Vours very truly, . ' . •
MRS. Mat F Eva.vs. - Jas. S. Wiu.iams.
Vice President, , . (jraud Secretory. G. U. O. O. F.
82 Broadway, Providence, R !• -•* : . /.;'¦•-, 80 Broad v* ay. B»om 110. New Vorlc City.
Free 8»m P le ol Warnkr's Safk Ccre and free medical advice ru«i on application lnjxjnwn
or by letter^ Warner'.* SaFK CURK Co , Rochester. N Y
: THE EMPOBIUIKL
f. t^Tfhc^
I store mate, |
| an estimate , I
I " dnyotjj* ;,.'.* j
%* feod, _©*
JT andufen*??*.
I Everything |
I tinder one roof, |
I Goods properly I
I fared otititnc. I
<£ JIlF Cured While
You Sleep
In Fifteen Days
•*Gr»n-SoWent"<ll»solTes Stricture like snow tx»
oeath tha sun, reduces Knlarped Prostate an*
»treniftbens tbe Seminal Ducts, stopping drains &M
Emissions In fifteen Days.
No drafts to rutn the stomacb, trot » dlrectloemi
and positlTe application to tbe entire urethral track
Gmn-SoWeDt Is not a liquid. It Js prepared la
tbe form of Crayons or Pencils, smooth and Hexl0l»
ia<1 to narrcw as to pass the closest stricture.
Every Man Should Know Himself.
Tne'St. James Assn- Box 834. Cincinnati. 0- hm
¦repared at jrreat expense an exhaust- [» ri T T I
We lllustrnte.1 Treatise upon the male t, U L L {
astern, which tb«ur win sand 10 any ¦ fl T T I .
whUs applicant. - " ¦**¦¦»•
ST. JAMES ASSN.. .» ro c'Sffl.£!fcohi»
DR.MEYERS&CC' jglii§%
Specialists. Dis- W§J&Jf jK
ease and Weakness &Ssf|j p
of men. Estab- yr*^5 J*^Sfc*feST
lished 1SS1. Consul- TfS^. T"^OT> lp|
tation and privata —^|& \ \
book free, at office %«ir x
or by mall. Cures
guaranteed. 731 " t<S#SJz&%£?s&'
Market street (ele- jL " £ t^lJ'-')'p .
vator entrance^ J&\J
San Francisco.
6 visit DR. JORDAN'S great^
> MUSEUM OF flHATOMY$
9 && 1351UA2ZI?ST.tat.6:&ft7tt,S.r.Ci!.^
\ fcy^ The Largest Anatomical Museum in tie \
A mt-&£amL World. Weaknesses or any comracted A
' uEsST] disease po»iti»elyc«r«id by the olde»t'T
• b5 55 1 Sp=cia ; 'st on the Coast. Est 36 years. ©
0 U^SjE* § DB - J3R0AM-DISEASES CF MEN 4
\ ]^?nl Consultation free and strictly prirate. \
B S j&4lL j& Treatment personally or by letter. A m
\ H U » H f 0 ***" 9 C^n 1 * in e-»erjr cue undertaken. \
Aril tlW Write bf Book. PHILOSOPHY of i
"If II HABBMGB, MAILED FREE. (Af
i4 i* II' valuable book for mrn) \
', f DK.JORDA.V * CO.. 1051 Market St.. S. F. f
jg^^^y% CANDY CATHARTIC at
Genuine stamped C C C Never sold In bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "just as good. !i£3
— ; i> ~~
THE BEST LAUNDRY IN
TOWN
Is the wa.y.'our'laundry Is known by every
one in San Francisco. The United States
Laundry, and the whitest linen, the most
perfect finish and garments sent home as
good as /when we received them, are all
synonymous. .You can't beat us for beau-
ty or finish.
No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4. Market Stra'ot.
South 42O, ''[..
Oakland Office— 54 San Pablo Av^.
FOR SALE;
Improved Farm of 2000 Acres
Rich Vatiey Land in Ma-
dera County. ' . .
For particulars address FARM, - S3 Matkat
Street. S. F.
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A. GREAT RESTORATIVE, 1NVIGORA-
tor and Nervine. ¦ •. : a.
The most wonderful aphrodisiac and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy tat Diseases of the Kid-
neys ajyl Bladder. Sells on Its own merits.
NABER. ALFS & BRUXE, Agents.
323 Market St., S. F.— (Send for Circulars.)
$10,^- RUPTURE CURED
*V&@@S[m ! SMV* fop JEM DOLLARS.
-"TfJOTT l' 1 lOrnl l'~" Thonsand* have bwn onre<l
jKgSBKVviv atthpir own homes tor thu.
i.v^^^J« siS5^^]wJ ssnall price, (ireatest Jii- :
V^^^^lflSp^^^/- venttonof the Age. Seeur-
X^^B 1 i^i^P^ • ity and comfort to the rr.i»-
j.. - r^__ tared. So worthless .<al-w-<
•t*" ¦ "-T. 1 '¦ , -J^r or lotions to rub on. lt(W*
¦ . \J '"' Mto^» th« work. InTe»tiga«?! .
"Booki»t\o. 1" givmi? fall information mailed. imiiH-rti
ately on re^etpt 2c. stamp and this adTt. (Jailor sddrrs* .
MAOUETIC TBBSS CO. 208 Post Street, SA» FBAMCISC3. |
DR. GROSSMAN'S SPECIFIC MIXTURE. :
For ' the - enr» of GONORRHEA. GLEETd. •
STRICTURES and analogous complaint* of tM.
Organ* of Generation. _1 '¦ '
Prtc« H a bottla. - For ¦*!• by dwjal»«ik
•^ra/lllll lll\\\\v\ GOLD DUST does
Jm/IJiIi 1iI1\\\\\\ mos *'°f -the work that
oT^l/l//ll IlinWlWW yoxir "vuscle h&s to
)iHlni\ \\\\ 111 llllWW wlien y°^ try to
ramUiJllJ 111 llllnmL get • a 4 on 2 without it.Shake Into Your Shoes
Allen' «Foot-Eaae,a powder. Itmakes tlghtornew
«hces feel ea»y. Cures Corns, Bunions, Swollen
Tired. Sweatlng.Achlng feet. 10,000 testimonials'
At all druggists and shoe stores. 25c Ask to-day.
Sample free.AddressAlIenS.Olmsted,LeRoy,N.Y.
Dr. Sanford's Liver Invigorator.
BestLlver Medicine. VegetableCurefor Liver Ilia
Blllousneaa. Indigestion. Constipation. Malaria.*
To. rebuild wasted tissue and fortify •y.tenx
against sudden changes of fall and winter, doc
tori recommend Dr.SIegert's Angostura Bitter*.
Low Bates and Fast Time to tha Fan-
American Exposition.
Hound-trip rate to Buffalo. t87. Time of tha
Union Pacific Railroad, three and a naif days.
Tickets on iale at all offices of th« Southern
Pacific and Union Pacific Railroad companies.
D. W. Hitchcock, neneral agent. 1 Montgomery
•treet, San Francisco.
Queensland. Australia. Is twelve times
larger than England, • with a population
about equal to Birmingham. . .• .• .
Special Information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomerr street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Townsend's California glace fruits. 50c»a
pound, in fire-etched boxes or Jap bas
kets. 639 Market. Palace Hotel building.*
Dinks— Well, the question would natur
ally arise if, after a person dies, he can
be considered, a guest.— Yonkers States
man/ i *4-n?sp^£*$& -^ - Jt £%7^cc^$2G? w^^£8tfc*ti$3il*^T*%*'
- Blnks— I see • that In "seme Swiss hotels
a fixed charge of $200 is made In the case
of the death 'of a guest. .
"Your friend Is no match for the Count
when It comes to a duel."
'.'And • why not, pray ?V *"- •
. "He hasn't the same command of lan
guage."—Yonkers Statesman.
Egbert— Certainly, ,1 do. I know he
never wore one; he only, sold them.—Yon
kers Statesman. .
Bacon— Do you , know ¦ anything about
the original shirt waist man?
He (boldly)— Do you think two can live
as cheaply as one?
She (blushing)— Yes, I do.
"Let's not become one, then."— Yonkers
Statesman.
Bacon— What are points on the races we
read so much about?
Egbert— Why. the points are the things
•which the fellows get stuck on.— Yonkers
Statesman. ;'.' ...
Patience— What Is the sign when a man
kisses a girl on the forehead?
Patrice— I should say It was a sign that
he was 1 rattled.— Yonkers Statesman.
"I think It safe to say," remarked the
observer of events and things, "that there
will not be much change In the ¦ spring
style of hand organs."— Yonkers' States
man.
"Where did you first see the light of
day?" Inquired the city man of tho farm
"In the East," quietly replied the bu
colic citizen.— Yonkers Statesman.
A CHAMXJE TO SMTLE.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
Choice candles, Townsend'a^Palace Hotel*
OUR FRUIT IN EUROPE.
VOICES from Europe complaining of the effects
of American competition have become com
monplaces, but none the less they, are interest
ing. Each successive repetition is but another assur
ance of the expanding market for our products and
another stimulus to further enterprise. It is there
fore worth noting that in addition to the complaints
so frequently heard from Great Britain, France, Ger
many and Austria, there comes now a complaint from
Spain, coupled with a warning to the Spanish .people
that they must improve in their methods of doing
business or they will lose altogether a trade that in the
past has been highly profitable to them.
The Spanish complaint is of especial interest '• to
Californians because it refers to the fruit trade • in
Europe, and notes our advance in markets which
have hitherto relied largely upon Spanish gardens,
orchards and vineyards for their supplies. It occurs
in an article recently published in a Valencia paper,
a translation of which has been furnished by Consul
Bartleman of that city to the -State Department.
After pointing out that there has been a heavy
diminution of Spanish exports of wines, oil, fruit and
vegetables to France, Great Britain and Germany,
and noting that the competing supplies are drawn
from California, the paper says: "It is ridiculous to
think that fruits and vegetables' raised on the slopes
of the distant .Pacific should compete at the very
doors of Spain with those produced in this country,
yet the fact is undeniable. How is the mystery ex
plained? It is simply this:, Spain sends her fruit and
vegetables in the worst possible condition, so far as
packing and transportation are concerned; piled on
wretched railway cars, exposed to sun and rain, and
reaching. Paris from fourteen to seventeen days after
their departure from Valencia; .while the Califor
nians offer their fruit in the same fine condition in
which it is picked from the trees. ? * * Shall we
live to see the American oranges competing with ours
in the Valencia market itself?"
From the tenor of the complaint it appears that
American commercial competition may, teach Spain
as much in, the way of advanced business methods as
our navy taught her of the art of war." Moreover, in
these days when Americans are so loud in" complaints
of the railway service of the country it is worth noting
this evidence of its' vast superiority' over that of one
at' least of our European rivals. \ Evidently in our
transportation facilities we have, more to brag of than
to complain of, since, it is by rrfeans of them that we
may yet succeed in selling California oranges in the
markets of Valencia itself. .
BRITISH PRESS ON CARNEGIE.
THE British press is just now busy at baiting
Andrew Carnegie. The Scotch universities
were poverty stricken. They found themselves
long on reputation, but short on funds, apparatus,
laboratories and the muniments which are needful to
a modern university. The reputation of Adam Smith
and Kit North is a valuable asset. A long line of
Lords Rector, bejeweied with the names of Carlyle,
Disraeli and Gladstone, is a good thing to have, but
none of these supplied the place of the facilities de
manded for tbe teaching of modern science and the
payment of adequate salaries to a faculty.
Andrew Carnegie had the good luck, for Scotland,
to be born in the land o* cakes, and the good luck
also, for himself and the world, to be reared in the
United. States. He has made a fortune too large for
his own use. Indeed he regards it as an incumbrance,
and whether he is an agnostic, as charged, or a be
liever in the plan of salvation as counter-charged, he
has scruples against flying rich. He has therefore a
pardonable desire to indulge in the distribution of his
estate ante-mortem, and a hope that the probate
court may be left free to distribute the estates of
poorer men so promptly that they will not go to the
lawyers.
Observing the distressed condition of the Scotch
universities he produced his check book and prepared
to draw one for the trifle of $10,000,000 of lucre,
which those institutions require to put them on their
scholastic legs again.
The British press regards this as an insult to the
whole nation and a bruising blow to Scottish pride.
Therefore it advises the universities to refuse the gift,
and reminds the Scottish lairds" that their pride will
not permit them to send their sons to drink of the
Pierian spring made affluent by an "ironmonger's
purse." The. result is awaited with interest in the
British Isles and also in this country. Scotland is
not afraid of ironmongers or other people who have
had to work for a living or acquire fortunes in trade.
Scotch genius has not been born in the purple.
Burns was a plowboy, and never knew any better way
of getting bread than out of the soil. James Hogg
was a sheep herder, and as for Carlyle, he was born
to poverty, and had plenty of it in stock even after
his pen had made him famous. MacQueen was ' a
Paisley weaver, and Wilson was a country editor.'.
But the London papers complain that the United
States is becoming the owner of the world's capital
and is in danger of buying up .the whole kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland, universities and all. Per
haps that is the real Tub. If Andrew Carnegie should
use his money to stimulate general education in Great
Britain Darby and Joan might take a notion to dis
place some of the existing ruling classes and change
places with them.* If this country is becoming the
owner of the world's capital it must be because of the
opportunity furnished by our political institutions.
Europe was a new country a long; time back, and in
the day of her adolescence probably roused the same
feeling in the older East that she now feels toward the
bumptious, rich and pushing New World.
In the latest number of the Commoner, Bryan say's:
'The principal value of education lies in the fact that
it disciplines the mind, enlarges the horizon, and en
ables one to view jnen and things in their proper re
lations." Since Bryan has such a clear perception of
that truth, the wonder will be greater than ever that
he doesn't go somewhere and get an education.
'. The Wisconsin Legislature has undertaken to im
pose a tax of 10 cents a ton on all ice .-taken from /the
lakes of the State and exported; and while the'act
is apparently unconstitutional,, since it ?.i*s 'a tax, on
interstate commerce,-; the enactment. of it is' an illus
tration-of how important a product ice has become
to the Eastern States and how eagerly each one is
striving to conserve its supply for home use.
New 'England' is advertising abandoned farms and
Kansas and Nebraska are advertising for farmhands,
so people who wish' land or: wish work; arid cannot
afford to come. to California, know; just whereto go;
; Mr/ J. Ham Lewis i says' the Democratic ticket in
1904 will be. Hill and Johnson; and; now 'Mr.- Bryan
doesn't' know whether to put the accent in Mr. Lewis'
name on the J or the Ham. v"-. •
INDIA AND HER INDUSTRIES.
WE have heard much of late concerning the
effect of American competition upon the in
dustries of Europe, and now British India
comes forward with complaints. It appears that our
enterprise has seriously interfered with several of the
greater industries of the East Indian people, and par
ticularly with that of the tanners. Tanned skins and
hides have long constituted one of the chief exports
of Madras, but of late the raw skins and hides have
been shipped to the United States and the tanners
have been nearly driven out of business. A memorial
was recently presented to the Indian Government
asking" that an export duty be imposed upon the raw.
material so as to check the effects of our competition.
That complaint is the more interesting because
there have been complaints in Great Britain of the
disastrous effects of Indian competition upon British
industries. In a recent lecture in London Sir Richard
Temple, one of the leading authorities on India, said
Indian manufactures of various goods are supplanting
the products of British factories to a very large ex
tent, and that machinery is working a revolution in
the industrial relations between Great Britain and the
Indian empire.
• A summary of his address given by the London
Chronicle reports him as having said that not many
years ago most of the jute crop of Bengal was sent
to Dundee and other manufacturing centers of the
British Islands, but now capitalists have established
factories in. Bengal, and last -year they ex
ported manufactured jute goods to the value
of more than $20,000,000. The progress of cot
ton manufacturing has been - yet more remark
able, ;for within the last twenty years the cot
ton spindles of India have increased 221 per cent and
the looms 189 per cent. Last year they manufactured
1,641,000 bales of raw cotton. It iss added: "India
does not yet manufacture the finer grades of cotton
goods, but her. coarse fabrics are becoming more and
more popular in markets where she has the special
advantage of comparative proximity. Thus she is now
selling $15,000,000 worth of coarse cottons, most of
them in Mozambique, Zanzibar and: Aden, whence
they are distributed in East Africa. Her trade in these
goods is also growingin Abyssinia, Ceylon, Turkey
and the Strait Settlements. Her increasing product
of cotton fabrics enables the home industry to keep
pace with the growing demand both in India and
foreign- markets." . , • ,
The apparent conflict- between the demand of the
Madras tanners for^protection and the ability of the
Bengal jute and cotton manufacturers to defy
competition shows in what seemingly contrary
ways the streams of trade and commerce run.
The explanation is probably the^simple ' one
When one professor at Chicago University said that
Rockefeller is greater than Shakespeare, and another
said in his classroom that he had never kissed a girl in
his life, the offenses were pardonable; but now that
a third has declared no sensible man will marry a col
lege-bred woman it is time for Harper to make a clean
sweep.
As an illustration of the general policy
of the Ceylon Government toward the na
tives It Is Interesting to note that in the
last thirty years free grants of 40,000 acres
of land have been made, after due in
quiry, to the people, while a large extent
has been granted at half value and u still
larger area of clearly proved "encroach-,
ments" has been transferred at a moder
ate valpation.
But while Ceylon undoubtedly owes vi«ry
much to the fostering care of the British
officials and to the enterprise of the Euro
pean community generally. The "energy,
ability and real grit" of the 3,000,000 native
inhabitants of the island have n roved be
yond all question that, whether it oe in
the learned professions, in the civil der
vice or in trade — in all ranks and In all
classes — the native can ."not only imitate
but emulate the skill and the attainments
of the European colonist."
As regards education t>ie natives of Cey
lon owe a great debt of gratitude to the
various missionary bodies which, since
1814, have been at work among them. It
was they who grave the first impetus to
the Instruction of the people; It was not
until the '70s that the Government, under
Sir Hercules Robinson, gave any official
encouragement to education. Now, in
making liberal grants for public instruc
tion the Government of Ceylon pays spe
cial attention to technical and industrial
training, one very noticeable result of
which is to be seen In the great improve
ment in ¦ appearance of the Cingalese
youth, especially in the towns, under the
Influence of Western instruction ond ath
letic training, while the expenditure of
public money in training and maintains
a volunteer Infantry has not only provid
ed a valuable means of supplementary
defense but has gone far to improve the
physique and bearing of the young men
of the' country.
In Behalf of Education.
What the British Government has done
In Ceylon, says John Ferguson, editor of
the Ceylon Observer, perhaps the greatest
living authority on the subject — in medical
treatment, hospitals, asylums and dispen
saries, in enforcing sanitary regulations,
and by the provision of a water supply in
the chief towns, is beyond all praise. No
native ruler In Oriental history has any
record of the kind to show and no feature
of the British administration is more ac
ceptable to the natives than the generous
provision thus made for the treatment of
their sick and suffering. Moreover, to the
prompt and effective measures taken by
the Government, no doubt, may De traced
the immunity, of. Ceylon from the plague.
members of the royal family who visited
the Island in 1870, 1875 and 1881. and again
by their particioation in the jubilee cele
brations in 1SS7 and 1897: while that none
Is more ready than the first of the crown
colonies to make sacrifices In any time of
the empire's need is proved not only by
recent . offer of the Governor. Sir West
Ridgreway of the British regim«nt quar
tered in Ceylon for service in South Af
rica, but still more by their raisins: and
equipping a native body of Ceylon horse,
which 'has been, honored by the bestowal
of the "Victoria cross upon one of its little
company. . - "
For. administrative purposes Ceylon is
divided into eight provinces, each under a
Government agent. First in population
comes, the western, province, in which Co
lombo ; Is. and always . has . been, the chief
locale of the '. Europeans : on the island.
In addition to being the seat of govern-
The revenue Is derived mainly from the
railways, which are the property of the
Government, custom?), • licenses and
gtamps, an well as from the duty on im
ported rice and the salt monopoly,' both
of which directly touch the natives. In
the last decade, consequent upon the
rapid extension in the cultivation by na
tives and Europeans of the cocoanut and
other palms, additional activity in plum
bago, etc., and the striking development
of, the : great planting j enterprise, chiefly
in the ; hands of the colonists, of cacao
and cardamoms, but, above all. of tea,
there has been a marked advance In the
trade and revenue of the Island. In the
case of tea. the export trade, which began
in 1873 with twenty-three . pounds, has
grown in less than thirty years to the
gigantic dimensions of 125,000,000 pounds.
In the early days of British .rule the
annual imports amounted to about $1,250.
0C0; they are now about $22,500,000. .Dur
ing the same period the revenue has risen
from i Jl.130,000 to about $7,500,000. The
shipping entered and cleared in the course
of the i year, amounts to nearly - 6,000.000
tons, . as against . 75,000 tons In the early
part of the last" century. The silver rupee
is current In the colony. , ¦
Sources of the Bevenue.
The administration of the law is vested
in a Supreme Court,' consisting of a chief
Justice and two puisne Judges, and by dis
trict judges and police magistrates, many
of the natives holding lesser judicial of
fices. ,
The executive and administrative power
is in the hands of the Governor and six
official members, all British; while the
Legislative Council consists of the Gov
ernor with ten official and eight unofficial
members, the latter being nominated by
the Governor after consulting the various
public bodies and opinions; three of them
are Europeans, representing respectively
the planters, the merchants and the gen
eral European community; of the remain
ing five two are Cingalese, one is a Tamil,
the fourth represents the Moorsmen and
the fifth is a burgher or Eurasian. Thus,
while there is no pretense of a popular
elective government,' an attempt is made
to afford some degree of representation
in the Legislature to all the different sec
tions and interests of the inhabitants.
Within an area of 25,365 square mile3
dwells a population of close upon. 3,500,000,
of whom 2,500,000 are native Cingalese, 91
per cent being Buddhists and the re
mainder Christians. The Tamils number
900,000; the Moorsmen— half Arab, half
Tamil — who are Mohammedans, and who
are, as they always have been, the trad
ers of the island, number, together with
the Malays, Veddahs and various other
races, 200,000; the burghers,' including
those of pure Dutch descent, * as well as
Eurasians, who are almost all Christians,
are only about 25,000, but their small
numerical strength is no measure of their
great importance as a class. Of European
colonists there are barely 6500.
Elements of the Population.
climate and of rainfall; consequently the
products also are various., But though
the soil is rich there is no good natural
water communication, the rivers of Cey
lon being of but little use for navigation
or for storage. In olden days this want
was partially met by canals and 'reser
voirs constructed under the authority of
the native kings; but in later times of
trouble and invasion these channels and
tanks were allowed to go to ruin, and It
is only in comparatively recent years that
the Government has applied itself .to the
task of restoring them. . . .
Ceylon from time immemorial has been
famed for its gems— catseyes, sapphires,
rubles and other precious stones: The
pearl fishery, too, on the west coast, is
from time to time a valuable source of
revenue; and the salt monopoly in the
northwestern and southern provinces
yields a steady income to the Govern
ment. Plumbago is an important feature
in its mineral products, being exported
largely for the making of crucibles and
lead-pencils. • .. * ¦ . , . . ,
Attracted by the peculiarly healthful
climate, the beauty of the country and
the suitability of the soil, large numbers
of colonists from Great Britain made
their way to the up-country districts
sixty years ago to take advantage of the
great opportunities offered by the already
established coffee-planting industry,
which, in spite of a speedy and serious
check, soon recovered Itself and for some
years returned a rich reward for their in
vested capital and labor. But from 1880
onward first the "coffee bug" and then
the "leaf mold" proved so disastrous that
very many who had risked their fortunes
on coffee abandoned its cultivation. With
characteristic British "pluck," they root
ed, up acres upon acres of : their planta
tions, preferring all the risk of a new en
terprise to what appeared to be inevitable
ruin. Hence sprang that great cultiva
tion which has caused Ceylon tea to be
come a household word throughout the
civilized world.
GERMAN MILITARY SERVICE-C.
O., City. The United States Joes not pro
tect any of its naturalized citizens as
against an obligation they owe to tho
country of birth. For instance, if a man
leaves Germany before he has performed
military duty he is bound, notwithstand
ing the fact that after leavtns Gennanv
he became a citizen of the United States.
He owes the service to the country of hi3
birth and if he returns to that country he
will have to perform that duty. Bv cour
tesy of the German Government. In time
of peace any of its subjects who have not
performed military duty and have become
citizens of the United States may visit
Germany for a period of not more than
four months and be free from molesta
tion, but if that limit of time is exceeded
the Government may come forward and
claim the service In the army.
TURQUOISE— A. S., City. The tur
quoise, so far as known, was first dis
covered in the vicinity of Nlshapoor, in
the province of Khorassan, Persia, where
for centuries it was found in small velng
in a clay state. Large quantities have
been found in Egypt. The gem is also
found in Los Corrillos, Isew Mex.; in Tur
quoise, in Mount Cohise County, Ariz.;
I- Mineral Park, Mohave County: near
Columbus. Nev.; near Holy Cross Moun
tain Colorado, and on Taylor's ranch, ln>
Fresno County, California. Any reliable
Jeweler can procure any of the gems you
might desire. This department cannot
give- the names of those who deal in such
at tbe places named.
A WII^L— Subscriber, City. If an attor
ney draws up a will for a client and re
tains it in his possession at the request of
the maker of the will and by some chanco
the attorney and the maker of the will
should die about the same time the will,
in all probability, would be found among
the papers of the lawyer and a proper dis
position would be made of the same. The
law provides that any one having posses
sion of the will of another shall present
the same to the probate department of
the Superior Court within a stated timo
af'er death of the maker, and In such a
case it would be presented by the execu
tor of the estate of the attorney.
PATENTS— B., Stent, Cal. A patented
article is one that the inventor, his heirs
or assigns, have the use or control of for
a limited time. A proprietary article is
one that an individual has or individuals
have the exclusive right to use. as. for
instance, a proprietary medicine. Copy
right gives tha holder of the copyright
certain exclusive rights for a limited time.
An individual cannot peddle anything
that is patented, copyrighted or Is a pro
prietary article in California without
having a peddler's license. If he Is a
drummer, he may sell such goods by sam
ple without having to take out a license.
IN INDIANA— "W. B., Newman, Cal. It
a man dies intestate in Indiana and ho
leaves a widow but no children, If neither
father nor mother is living the entire es
tate goes to the widow; if the father or
mother of the decedent or both of them
are living, then only three-fourth3 of the
estate goes to the widow.
TRANSFER OF DEED— G. J., City. If
you are heir to certain property in Mexico
and wish to obtain your rights thereto
you will have to proceed according to tn&
laws of that country. The Consul for
Mexico in thi3 city ought to be able to
give you advice on a proper presentation
of the facts to him.
•WHITEWASH TO HOU3— Subscriber.
Redding, Cal. The following la given as
a method for preparing whitewash that
will not rub off: "Use alum. It is one of
the best additions to make whitewash or
lime that will not rub off."
BIG TREES— T. M., City. The clubs
that have Interested themselves in the
preservation of the big trees of California
are the Slempre Vera and the California
Club. Congress has not yet purchased the
Calaveras big tree grove.
COPPER CENT— H. B.. San Jose. Cal.
Dealers In coins offer from $2 to $7 50 for
a copper cent of 1804, according to Its con.
ditioru A copper cent of 1817 nor a flying
eagle cent of 1857 does not command a
P5£ tnium.
NORMAL, SCHOOIr-W. E.. City. Tho
San Francisco State Normal School is lo
cated on the cast side of Powell street
between Sacramento and Clay streets.
CURRENCY— A. S., City. No premium,
\3 offered for a $5 note- of 1776. It is worth
what any one will give for It as a relic of
that time.
EX-JUDGE TOOHY-Subscriber, City.
D J. Toohy, ex-Superior Judge, is still a
resident of this city.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES
"WASHINGTON, May 27.— The following
Californians arrived here to-day and reg
istered as follows: At the Arlington— W.
W. Werden and wife, San Francisco; E.
E. Manheim and Thomas Goocn. Fresno.
At the Riggs— A. B. Bigeler, California.
CALLFOBNIAUS IN WASHINGTON
The island has large resources, mainly
agricultural. Its mountains are grouped
In the center instead of lying like barriers
along the coast. There are variations of
Resources of the Island.
Geographically Ceylon is an 1 appendage
of # India,- as Sicily is of Italy; but though
it 'has roughly followed the fortunes of
India in its history, it has never been an
Indian . province, but always a .separate
dependency, jtlte varied resources'make it
a land to be desired for Its own sake by
a commercial nation. , The , harbor of
Trincomalee is sufficient inducement to
make a naval power with an interest in
Eastern seas glad to possess it and eager
to keep it, holding as it does a singularly^
central position as a place of call on the
route from the west to the south and east.
So great, indeed, from the first has been
the value put upon Ceylon that at the
general peace in 1815, after the conquest
of Kandy, Great Britain elected rather -to
give up Java to the Dutch' in order to re
tain in her own hands the "key of India,"
inferior though It was in area, in popula
tion and in natural resources.
Ceylon is the largest, the most popu
lous and the most prosperous and pro
gressive of Great Britain's "crown colo
nies," so called because i the administra
tion of their affairs is directly under the
control of the British Colonial Office.
¦ The Cingalese have no poor Iaw3, r.or
do they need any: the weakest are tho
most cared for. The rich help their poor
relatives and do not disown, them: the
poor assist those of their own families and
friends who are poorer still, so that they
live in great contentment with no dread
of poverty in" old age.
The people of Ceylon are not only peace
able and law-abiding— they are Intensely
loyal. No. colony is more attached to the
British crown, as they showed by ihe en
thusiastic welcome given to the different
Characteristic of the People.
ment, Colombo is also the largest town —
having a population of over 100,000, the
principal trade center, and since the con
struction of the breakwater works the
chief port of the island. When the new
harbor is finished three years hence Co
lombo will possess one of the largest and
best-protected harbors In the. world, hav
ing an inclosed area of 600 acres fully
equipped with numerous shipping con
veniences. In the Pettah, or native set
tlement, are found congregated together
in what has been described as "an ever
fascinating kaleidoscope," Cingalese,
Moorsmen, Tamils, Parsees, Dutch, Portu
guese, Malays and Afghans; "handi
craftsmen, working 1 in their open sheds,
women occupied in their, domestic affairs
and tiny children, clothed only in the rich
tints of their own complexions, sporting
among the traffic." .
From that description it would appear the hella-'
dotherium must have been the parent type of the
Democratic donkey, but he should not be blamed for
Bryanism, for no ancestor can be justly held respon
sible for the vagaries of degenerate descendants who
have evoluted away .from the original type by reason
of a mixture of blood or the excesses of pure cussed
ness. That, however, is a side" issue. The point of in
terest is that hunters are now seeking to capture one
of the beasts alive to take him to London, and before
long no menagerie will be complete without one. It
will be perceived, then, that in protecting the big
game of Africa the international'association is doing
much to add to the joy of some future San Francisco
holiday.
"The helladotherium is of the size of an ox; its neck
is a little longer, proportionately, than that of a horse,
the ears like those of the ass with silky black fringes,
the head taper-like and the nostrils like those of the
giraffe. The forehead is a vivid red, and the neck,
shoulders, stomach and back a deep. reddish brown,
and the hindquarters and legs are boldly striped in
purplish black and white.''
The animal has a sufficient distinction to make up
for the disappearance of the quagga and the zebra
from the attractions of menageries. He appears to be
almost as gay and gaudy as a tropical bird. A de
scription of hinr says: ¦
As something of an ofl&et to the animals that are
disappearing,' it is reported that in the recesses of
Uganda there has been discovered alive an animal
hitherto known only by fossil remains found in
Greece. The newly found creature, known as the hella
dotherium, has been regarded as one of the oldest
types of animal creation or evolution; and the surviv
ing specimens have the honor of belonging to a race
that has withstood the* vicissitudes of at least two
geological ages.
In exploring the wilds of the interior of the conti
nent and gathering . information concerning the big
game it has been found that the quagga is either ex
tinct or else has become so scarce that one is not to
be found in- the districts they formerly frequented;
several species of antelope have also been . extermi
nated, zebras are very scarce, giraffes are disappearing
and the rhinoceros and the hippopotamus are now
comparatively few in number.
.A NEW THING FOR MENAGERIES.
SOME time ago The Call directed attention to the
• organization Jof an international society for the
protection of the big game of Central and South
Africa. All the "-European nations having any ex
tensive, possessions in Africa are co-operating in ; the
work of the society, an agreement. for that purpose
having been effected -at a conference in London last
year. ' - ¦ * "¦ ...¦'.'¦' : -' ¦ '¦ ' '' ~. "
In his latest manifesto Count Tolstoi says the writ
of excommunication issued against him by the; Greek
church is "illegal, arbitrary, unjustifiable, mendacious
and libelous";.and under the circumstances it must be
irritating for him to.know^he cannot' bring an action
for damages.
TUESDAY MAY 28, 1901
JOHN D, SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
kiirtii All Communication! to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.'
HAKAGER'S O^FICE^^jjj^e^ephone Press 204
PUBLICATION OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Press 201.
r EDITORI-All* ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 2O2. . ,.
Delivered by Carriers, 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies, 5 Cents.
Terma-by Mall, -Including Postaset
DAH.T CALi. (Including Sunaay), one year $6-09
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), 6 months 3-00
DAILY CALX. (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALI*— By Single Month 65c
TTEEKLY CALL, One Year 1°°
AH postmasters are authorized to receive
subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested. ¦
Mall subscribers In* ordering change of address should be
particular to give both NEW AND OLIfr ADDRESS In order
to Insure a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE X11S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS.
Xan&ger Foreign Advertising. Karqnette Building, Chicago.
(Long- Distance Telephone "Central 2619.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX *• Herald Square
KBW YORK REPRESENT ATTVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH :..3O Tribune Building ;
NEW YORK NEWS STANDS:.
Waldorf- Astoria Hotel; A. Brentano. 31 Union Square*
Murray Hill Hotel. .
"* CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
' Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Kremont House: Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE. . .1400 G St., If. W.
MORTOX E. CRANE, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES 527 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 9:30 o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. €15 Larkin, open until
8:30 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
comer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2200 Fillmore. open until 9 p. m.
, COPYRIGHT, 190L
By "W'alter Hodgson, "h/L.J^.
Story of Ceylon, the Largest, Most Populous
and Most Progressive of Great Brit
ain's Crown Colonies.
Prepared by Experts and Specialists for
. The San Francisco Call '
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS.
The Christian nations, after all the innocent, blood
they have shed and the tens of millions of Chinese
property they have stolen or destroyed, are demand
ing of distressed China a money indemnity in an
amount that would have scared the conscience of
Timour.
To our credit be it remembered that the civil gov
ernment of this republic, the secular power of this
nation, does , not forget the commandments, but
stands yet for justice, moderation and mercy. It
would- heal Christian self-respect and pride if the
churches would cease defending missionary looters
long enough to commend the President and Secre
tary of State for their high and honorable stand.
We submit to the Christian church at home, if it
is worth wjiile to continue missionary effort in a
country where the missionaries themselves jocundly
confess that they forget the commandments?
It is a dangerous example for a missionary to for
get one of the commandments. The brutal Euro
pean soldiery, from the standpoint of genuine Chris
tianity, were as justifiable in forgetting the other
commandments when they committed the unspeak
able crimes told by Sir Robert Hart, Dr. Dillon and
other observers. *
He is entitled to credit for entire frankness. He
does not even pretend that he was looting to relieve
the distress of native Christians or anybody else. He
forgot one of the commandments when he found
himself near unprotected property that did not be
long to him, and stole it.
Let it be remembered that Rev. Mr. Reid has long
lived in China disseminating there the principles
of that Teacher who said, "Love your enemies; re
turn not evil^for evil, but overcome evil with good."
But to him his enemies are despicable wretches, and
ne regrets lack of time to steal all they had, and la
ments that he had to leave much of their property to
be carried off by other thieves.
For weeks this gentle shepherd, whose life is lighted
by wisdom from on high, says that he "was -very
busy discriminating between the places that should
be looted and those that should -not. Now and then
I branched out to loot from those who were our ene
mies, and I only regret that I did not have more
time to loot from such despicable wretches, instead
of leaving so much to others. It has also grieved me
that so many really good people think that my loot
is good enough for them to want. The friends of
looters are beyond calculation." ,
We do not know what view the Rev. Mr. Ament
and the Board of Foreign Missions will take of Rev.
Mr. Reid's" frank admissions. That good man says:
"I confess I looted, and in good company. We en
tered the palace of Prince Li and found there French
soldiers and a French priest surrounded with vast
wealth— iron 'safes containing nearly 300,000 taels in
silver, trunks laden with magnificent furs, silks and
satins, and rooms adorned with the finest Chinese art.
For a moment I forgot the tenth commandment. I
.had no house, no art, no books, no silver, no clothes
except a suit made for me by missionary ladies while
I lay in the hospital. The only trouble was- the
French were there; and were not kind enough to
leave. The French general came in and told us that
on that morning that section of ; the city had been
voted to the French. Seeing our downcast counte
nances he magnanimously said, 'I am very sorry, gen
tlemen; ; but each one may take a memento.' I se
cured two elegant furs and moved on."'
North China Herald prints a communication
from Rev. Gilbert Reid, a good missionary, who has
been carrying the consolations of Christianity to the
heathen who in his blindness bows down to -wood
and stone.
O t NE has to. read. the files of Oriental news
papers to get the facts, as to the devastation
of Chtna and the views of the missionaries
themselves on the ethics of looting.
DISCRIMINATING LOOT.
Gus Holmes, the well-known hotel man
of Salt Lake, returned from Los Angeles
yesterday, where he has been attending to
the construction of his new hotel, the An
gelus. ¦'
Percy Schuman, a prominent Chicago
attorney, is at the Palace, He is on the
coast attending to "his vast oil and mining
interests in California.
Lewis Warfleld of New York and TV. E.
Hathcote of Franklin, Pa., well-known oil
men of the East, are at the Palace."
Chester H. Rowell. son of State Senator
Rowell, Is up here on business and has
made the Grand his headquarters.
J. D. Bradly, an extensive landowner of
Merced, registered at the California yes
terday.
J. F. Moore, a capitalist of Santa Bar
bara, is spending a few days at the Pal
ace. . •
"W. E. Woolsey.'a fruit grower of Santa
Rosa, is at the Occidental for a few days.
J. J. Hebbron, a cattle man of Salinas,
is at the Grand.
Fred G. King, a mining expert of Den
ver, is a guest at the Grand.
John P. Farrish, a mining expert of Den
ver, is registered at .the Palace. .- .
W. H. Hill, an extensive landowner of
Pasadena, is a guest at the Palace.-
TV. O. Bower3, proprietor of the Capitol
Hotel, Sacramento, is at the Palace.
PERSONAL MENTIOxN.
that- the . tanners have , not', yet. adopted up
to-date? methods in their work. When they obtain
machinery" equal ; to American - machinery they will
doubtless be able ' to work tip their raw material at
home just as effectively as the -people of Bengal. The
subject is an interesting one, for it shows that Europe,
and indeed the United States also, in their eagerness
to exploit Asia may yet have to reckon with the de
velopment of an Asia that will do her own exploiting.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAit, TUESDAY, M AY^ 28, (1901.
General Postofflce, Colombo, Ceylon.
Reduced Rates to the East
The Santa Fe route will sell on June 3 and 4
round-trip tickets to St. Paul for »67 90, to Kan
sas City for $60. and to Buffalo for $87. Tickets
limited to sixty days— stopover privileges. Full
particulars can be obtained rrom Santa . F«
agents, 841 Market street, and ferry depot.
xv. — Ceylon.
6
CmJl subscribers contemplatlnc * dmnge •!
retldeaee during: tbe summer months cam ltavrff
their paper forwarded by mail to their new
aadrenei by notifying: Tbe Call Business Office.
Tmis paper will also be on. sale at all summer
feoorts and la represented by a local agent im
•11 towns «n the coast.
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
AMUSEMENTS.
Grand Opera-house— "Cleopatra."
California— "Phroso."
Central— "The War of Wealth."
Tivoli— "The Toy Maker."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Columbia— "The Importance of Being Earnest. '|
Columbia— "The Importance of Being Earnest."
Alcazar— "The First Born" and "Gloriana."
Olympla, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Chutes, Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
e\-en'ng.
Fischer's— Vaudeville. - :
Alhambra— Benefit Children's Hospital, Saturday matinee,
June 1.
Eutro Baths— Swlmmlnr.
Emeryville Racetrack— Races to-day.
By S. Watklns— This day, at 11 o'clock. Horses, Mules,
etc.. at Twelfth and Harrison streets.
By R- W. Scott— Wednesday. May 29, at 11 o'clock. Trot-
ting Horses, at Alameda Training Track— Lapman's Stables.
AUCTION SALES.Schr Free Trade, Joansen, .
srOKEN.
May 1. lat 21 S, ion 8» w— Ft bark Mac-
Mahon, from Barry, for Ban Francisco.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LODO8, Mny 27, 10 p m— Weather
cloudy; wind went, velocity 8 mile* x>«t hour.
¦, ; . DOMESTIC PORTS.
EUREKA— Arrived May 27-8tmrs Eureka
and North Fork, hence May 26. >
Palled May 27— Schr Esther Buhne, for San
Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed May 27— Schr Re
porter, for Honolulu.
\ HARDY CREEK— Arrived May 2&-Stmr Na
varro, hence May 25.
PORT LUDLOW— Arrived May 27— Bktn Kll
kltat, from Honolulu. . . . > . .
SOUTH BEND— Arrived May 27— Stmr Rival,
hence May 22. .„
SEATTLE— Sailed May 27— Stmr Robert Dol
lar, for Port Hadlock. -, y
Arrived May 27— Br stmr Ping Suey, from
Manila. \
The refusal of the water and light cor
porations to- comply with the ordinance
requiring tho payment of fees and the se
curing of a permit from the Board of
Public Works for the performance of
trenching work prompted the Board of
Supervisors to adopt retaliatory measures
yesterday. The board pa»Bed the follow
ing, resolution, presented by Curtis:
Whereas. Certain persona and corporations
refuse to comply with ordinances Nos. 288 and
253 of the Board of Supervisors providing: for
the payment of fees for inspection of work In
opening and closlnt? streets, and ' whereas, the
city is indebted for water and light to certain
of aaid corporations; therefore
Resolved, That notice be given to the Audi
tor of . these facts and his attention be re
spectfully called to section 6, chapter II, arti
cle III, of the charter, requiring him to deduct
amounts due the city from bills due by the
city to these corporations.
Resolved, That the Board of Public Works
be requested to notiry the Auditor of any fur
ther default by said corporations.
A. communication- was received from
George H. Roundey, president of the Uni
versity "Mound and Bay View Improve
ment Club, in which he agrees to give
bonds to furnish a new block book for the
Assessor's office for $1500. The Finance
Committee has recommended an expendi
ture of $8500 for, the purpose, and Koundey
asks that the balance of $7000 be expended
on San Bruno road, from. Fifteenth ave
nue to the county line.
"As. the Board of Public Works does not
knew the valuo of other people's money,"
concludes Roundey, significantly, "I sug
gest that the sum named be placed at tho
disposalof the Sheriff in order that he
may do the work with the prisoners.
Assessor Dodge addressed the board to
the effect that his demand for the block
book at a cost of $8500 was not excessive.
He said that the copy now in use was full
of incorrect descriptions of real estate,
and $10,000 yearly is expended to keep It
up. JJodgo took exception to the criti
cism of the Improvement clubs, snylng
that it was prompted by ignorance of the
true conditions.. The Mayor stated that
the members of the board will visit the
Assessor's oilice^to judge for themselves.
Teachers Ask for Searing.
In a communication George H. Roundey,
president of the Federation of Mission
Improvement Clubs, asked the board to
take into consideration In making the al
lowance to the Health Board that the fol
lowing named employes, all physicians,
Judging from the signs displayed in front
of their ofllces and residences, are not de
voting their whole time to the affairs of
the municipality, which the charter de
mands :
G. E. Sussdorft, salary, $2400; Thomat D.
Maher, $1600: Beatrice Hinkie. $1200; A. P.
O'Brien,' $3000; N. H. Kellogs, $1800; Charles
L. Morran, $600; F. T. Fltzglbbon,. $1200; W.
P. Chalmers, $1800; J. Green, $1200; R. E. Hart
ley, $1200: W. C. Hasaler. $1200; W. S. Here
ford, $1200; E. Bunnell, $1800; C. M. Armstead.
$1200; Z. T. Malaby, $1200; H. O. von der Leith,
$1200.
• Charles H. Murphy, chairman of the
teachers' executive committee, requested,
the board to give the teachers a heuring
upon the compilation of the budget apper
taining to the unpaid salary claims for
November and December, 1898. The board
adjourned to meet to-night to consider
the budget.
D'Ancona's ordinance providing for the
vacation of unsanitary buildings in China
town and their abatement as nuisances
was referred to the Judiciary Committee.
He submitted a partial list of houses
which the health authorities claim should
be destroyed in whole or in part on Dun
combe alley, Washington alley, Pacific
street, Cum Cook alley, HOT to 1117 Stock
ton street, 623 Jackson street, known as
Jackson-street Theater; 612 Jackson
street, called the "Palace Hotel," and
Spofford alley.
Are Condemned as
Nuisances.
Many Buildings in Chinatown
Held Up.
Big Corporations Will
Have Their Demands
BOARD INDULGES
IN RETALIATION
The ordinance empowering the Mayor to
confer with the Board at Public Works
and the Park Commissioners for the pur
pose of reporting a system of parks and
boulevards was passed to print by the
Board of Supervisors yesterday. The or
dinance was recommended by the Street
Committee In lieu of one introduced toy
Reed providing for the appointment by
the Mayor of a non-salaried Park and
Boulevard Commission.
Reed made a strong plea for the passage
of his bill, but Curtis contended that tha
creation of a new commission is unwise
and that the matter of new parks and
boulevards should rest with the park and
works boards. - McCarthy thought the last
named board should be eliminated and the
work be done by the Park Commission
alone. The substitute measure received
ten votes. .
The ordinance limiting the height of fire
proof buildings to 145 feet on streets more
than 100 feet in width and to 120 feet on
streets less than 100 feet in width, and of
non-fireproof buildings to 110 feet In
height, was defeated. D'Ancona moved to
make the highest limit 125 feet, but his
motion was lost, as was Connor's to fix
It at 135 feet. As the members were un
able to agree the present ordinance, mak
ing the limit 125 feet and eighty feet, is In
effect. Brandensteln gave notice of re
consideration.
The ordinance providing for the manner
in which bail moneys shall be withdrawn
from the city treasury was finally passed.
The bill makes the Auditor's signature a
necessary factor on the demand before it
can be paid. As the Auditor has been ad
vised by his attorney that he has nothing
to do with the demands and the City At
torney holds otherwise mandamus pro
ceedings will be invoked.
The resolution directing the City Attor
ney to assume charge of cases now pend
ing in the Superior Court for the recovery
of back license taxes. on the nickel tele
phone machines belonging to the Pacific
States Company was adopted.'
The Spring Valley Water Works was
directed to comply with an ordinance re
quiring; It to lay eight-Inch mains In cer
tain streets in the University Mound dis
trict.
Bids for Lighting.
The bids for lighting: public buildings
were opened and referred to the Light*
Committee. They showed a reduction of
35. per cent in gas rates and 25 per cent tn
electric light rates compared with last
year. The Pacific Gas Improvement Com
pany bid 88 cents per 1000 cubic feet for
gas, and the Independent Electric Light
and Power Company 29 cents per 1000
watt hours for electric lights, they being
the lowest bidders. Last year's rates
were, respectively. $1 85 and 39.5 cents.
The Water Committee filed a delayed
report recommending the indefinite post
ponement of Reed's bill fixing: the. water
lates for the next fiscal year, thej rates
having been already fixed by ordinance.
The ordinance making it a misdemeanor
to defraud a hack driver of his legal fare
was finally passed.
The Board of Worka was authorized to
advertise for proposals for the keeping In
repair of bituminous^ rock pavements, but
the work must be done in a manner sim
ilar to that in which it Is done under the
existing contract.
Braunhart's ordinance requiring street
railway i companies to provide suitable
fenders and brakes on their cars was re
ferred to the Judiciary Committee.
Ordinance Increasing Limit
on Height of Buildings
Defeated.
Supervisors Empower
Two Commissioners
to Do the Work.
PLANNING PARKS
AND BOULEVARDS
Steamer Movements.
ASTORIA— Arrived May 27— Stmr Despatch,
from Nusharak.
Arrived May 27 — Stmr Despatch, from Bris
tol Bay.
COOS BAY— Arrived May 25— Schr Monterey,
hence May 21.
TILLAMOOK— Sailed May 25— Stmr Acme,
for San Pedro.
Arrived May 2G— Stmr W H Krurer, hence
May 22.
POINT RETES— Passed May 27, at 2:30 p m
—Stmr Acme, from Tillamook, for San Pedro;
2:40 p m, stmr Fulton, from Grays Harbor, for
San Francisco. , ¦
CASPAR— Sailed May 27— Stmr Luella, for
San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed In May 27— ShlD M P
Grace, from Honolulu, Puget Sound; stmr
Mlneola, from Port Los Angeles, for Nanalmo;
stmr Centennial, hence May 23, for Seattle;
bktn John Smith, hence May 16, for Port
Blakeley.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 27— Schr Roy
Somers, from Wlllapa Harbor.
Sailed May 27— Schr Louise, for-Umpqua
Riv*r.
POINT LOBOS—Passed May 27— Stmr Co
nullle. River, from Grays Harbor, for Ban
Pedro.
TA COM A— Arrived May 27— Stmr. Olympla,
from Honckong.
Palled May 26— Schr Sailor Boy, for San
Francisco. May 27— Br atmr Glencsk, for
United , Kingdom, via China; schr Olga, for
Honolulu.
Railed May 27— Br brig Glenesk, for United
Kingdom, via Suez; bktn James Johnson, for
Adelaide.
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived May 27— Stmr
Robert Pollnr. from Seattle.
POUT TOWNSEND— Sailed May 26— Stmr El
more, for — — .
Arrived May 27— Br ship Mozambique,' from
Honifkonc I \ . , '
FOREIGN PORTS.
ENSENADA— Sailed May 25— Stmr Curacao,
for San Francisco.
HONGKONO-Salled May 25-Stmr China.
for San Frnnclsco.
Arrived prior to May 24— Br stmr Broemar,
from Tncoma.
imiSUANK— Sailed May 24— Br stmr Mlo
wera, for Vancouver.
SHirci,DS-Salled May 24-Br ship Penthe
sllea, for San Francisco. .
YOKOHAMA— Polled May 24— Br stmr I3m
prcwi of Jnpnn, for Vancouver.
SHIMONOSKKI-Arrived May 7-Nor stmr
Universe, from Portland, Or.
MAUIMI'ISNA HAY— To saU May 22-Stmr
Chlco. for 8nn FranclBco.
CAPE TOWN— Arrived May 27— Schr Susie
M Hummer, from Port Reading, N J. • 1
SANTA ROSALIA— In port May 15— Dr ship
Clan Graham, for San Francisco; Br ship Tas
mania, for San Francisco.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
NEW YORK-Arrived May . 27— Stmr Aller,
from Naples.
LIZARD— Passed April 27— Stmr Rotterdam,
from New Vork, for Boulogne and Rotterdam.
GLASGOW— Arrived May 27— Stmr Kastella,
from Montreal: Btmr Buenos Ayrean, ,fr.om
Montreal.
CUXHAVEN— Arrived May 27— Stmr Robert
Adamson, from Portland, Or, and Callao, etc,
via St Vincent, C V.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city • front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the. same at both places.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
it the day. except when there are but three
tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are In addition to the. soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
Riven by the charts. The plane of reference Is
the mean of the lower low waters.
Nagle Has Mrs. Burke Arrested.
Attorney Charles G. • TCagle, who was
horsewhipped by Mrs. Kate Burke, pro
prietrces of a lodging house at 1118 How
ard street, In front of the Emma
Spreckels building on Market Btreet
Saturday afternoon, swore to a complaint
Sn Judge Cabaniss' court yesterday for
Mrs. Burke'B arrest on the charge of
battery. She tvas arrested and released
on $20 cash ball.
Musicians Hold Love Feast.
The Musicians' Club held a banquet last
evening at the California Hotel. A large
number of the members were present and
during the evening the following pro
gramme was rendered: ,' ..,-;¦-
Bonata for piano and violin. C eharp minor
<Beethoven). allegro con brio, adaslo cantablle,
«eherzo. finale. Siirifmundo Martinez an(* Pietro
Marino: ode for violin and piano (Locher).
Ado!ph Locher and Pietro Marino; an oratorio
in two parts, *et to music to the words
"Jimmy, lend me your saw" (composed for
ladies' night by the club. -
TO SAIL.
FROM SEATTLE.
TO ARRIVE.
TTJUTDS FOR UNCOMPLETED
CONTRACTS ARE INVIOLATE
Attorney Lloyd Advisss Auditor Re
garding Payment for Construct
ing Trocadero Gulch.
Aurtltcr Wells waj« advised by his at
torney. Reuben H. Lloyd, yesterday that
the funds appropriated* for the construc
tion of Trocadero Gulch may be carried
over into the next fiscal year, although
the contract for the work will not
completed this fiscal year. Lloyd holds
that no contracts could be awarded
toward the end of one fiscal year if the
funds therefor were transferred to the
surplus fund on account of non-comple
tion of the contract.
The contract for Trocadero Gulch has
been certified by the Auditor and the
contractors are advised to secure an ex
tension of time from the Supervisors and
the money will be held inviolate by the
Auditor to pay for the work, when it is
completed. The opinion is important, as
contractors on other work, which will
remain uncompleted this fiscal year, were
uneasy as to the disposition of the funds
for their payment.
TORD WILL PUT FORTH
A PLEA OF INSANITY
His Trial ov the Charge of Robbing
Lee Leong, a Chinaman,
Commenced.
The trial of Marvin E. Ford, the shoe
ealoprnan, charged with beating and rob
bing Loe Leong, a Chinaman, on Com
mercial street on the afternoon of Feb
ruary 16. while Lee was on his way from
the bank with a bag of silver over his
ihoulder, was commenced before Judge
Lawjor yesterday. When court adjourn
ed ttVCU Jurors had b«-en accepted. The
further examination of Juroro will go on
to-day.
Ford's defense will be insanity and
questions on that point were propounded
to the talcsmm. Affidavits will be pre
sented to the effect that insanity exist
ed in the defendant'* family on his
lather' is fide.
Th« defendant looked pale and care
worn '.r court. His wife, to whom he has
only bfon married a fow month*, sat bp
*i«le him. and his brother-in-law and
filter, who have ccmo from the Ea^t to
attenr*. th<« trial, were in court. He is de
lended by Colonel Harry, and Attorney
J. C. Campbell is assisting Assistant Dis
trict Attorney Alvord in ".he prosecution.
THE Pacific Coast Steamship Com
pany's Walla Walla had a narrow
escape from going ashore on her
last trip. Had it not been for the
care and skill of Captain Andrew
Hail the chances are that the big vessel
would have been beached a mile north of
Point Reyes, a spot that is 'the grave
yard of many a stout ship.
When the Walla Walla left Victoria,
B. C, for San Francisco she had about
200 passengers aboard. As soon as Flat
tery was passed the fog settled down and
from that time on the vessel had to be
run by dead reckoning, as the sun was
never seen. When Captain Hall figured
that he was off Cape Blanco the lead was
constantly in use until that point was
reached and passed. The same plan was
followed at Cape Mendocino and Point
Arena.
Early on Sunday morning the Point
Reyes whistle was heard but almost, im
mediately the sound died out. . All hands
waited for the next warning note and
when it did not come Captain Hall or
dered the ship slowed down and the lead
cast. The latter showed twenty-nine
fathoms of water, but nevertheless the
vessel was stopped. In a few minutes the
fog lifted and then settled down again
thicker than ever. That moment was
enough, however, as it showed the heavy
surf breaking on the beach half a milo
away. The <-nginen were at once ordered
full npet'd astern and the helm hard over.
The Walla Walla was soon on her course
and four minutes later the Point Reyes
whistle wan once more abeam.
In tho place in which Captain Hall
found himself when the fog lifted the
Point Royes whistle cannot bo heard. It
1« a spot in which many a good ship has
left her bones. An English bark laden
with railroad iron went to pieces there,
the bark Otago went on the beach and
never came off. The schooner Rachel loft
her bones there and the Point Arena wont
on the reef but was got off.
After the Walla Walla had backed out
from the beach and was holding her
course along the shore one of the llshlng
steamers came along and began crowding
in toward the beach. The captain of tho
fishing boat gave two whistles and Cap
tain Hall had to respond. What between
the bea.ch and the steamer it was close
quarters for the Walla Walla and she
just crept out of tho hole by the skin of
her teeth. Passing the fisherman there
was not thirty feet between tho two ves-
Before the passengers left the Walla
Walla they warmly thanked Captain Hall
for the care and skill he had shown while
bringing his vessel 750 miles through a
dense fog.
SHIPWRECKED SAILORS HOME.
Tour Men From Burned Ship B. D.
/ Rice Back From Japan.
Among the Walla Walla's passengers
were four sailors from the American ship
R. D. Rice, which was burned In Kobe
harbor last month. The first and second
mates, the steward and twenty sailors
were sent to Puget Sound on one of the
Canadian Pacific steamships by the Am
erican Consul. E. Tilman, H. Fresher, E.
Nilsson and B. Bertelsen elected to come
to San Francisco, but the remainder of
the crew went to Eastern point. They say
say that the court of inquiry held that
the burning of the vessel was accidental.
M. S. McDevitt, another passenger of
the Walla Walla, had to be removed to
the Harbor Hospital as soon as the vessel
docked. He had been drinking more or
less all the way down and yesterday
morning he wound up with a wild de
bauch. He could not get any liquor from
the steward so he sent his room-mate to
buy a bottle of Scotch. This he secured
and retiring to his stateroom drank every
drop of the liquor In less than fifteen
minutes. It took four policemen to carry
him to the patrol wagon. He is a drum
mer for R. E. Mullane & Co: of Cincin
nati. Dr. von der Leith thinks he . will
recover.
Curacao From Mexican Ports.
The Pacific Coast Company's steamship
Curacao arrived from Mexican ports yes
terday. Captain Parsons reports leaving
at Santa Rosalia the British shin Clan
Graham and Tasmania and the American
four-masted schooner Commerce. All.
three vessels were nearly discharged and
were shortly to sail for San Francisco.
Among the passengers were Lewis War
neld and W. E. Heathcote, railroad men
of New York. They have been for some
time in Mexico looking over the railroad
situation. Mrs. and Miss P. A. Barker are
going to Los Angeles. Mr. Barker Is the
manager of a big mine In Mexico and his
wile and daughter have been on a visit
to him. Mrs. A. Ruffo is the wife of a
prominent merchant of La Paz. She will
spend six months in California. Dr. D.
Thevino and his wife will spend a year in
Kan Francisco and will then return to
Mazstlan.
The first and second cabin passengers on
the Curacao were:
First cabin— C. H. James, T. B. Dillon. W.
B. Heathcote. Lewis Warfleld. Mr". P. A.
Barker and daughter, Mrs. Antonio Ruffo and
two sons. Dr. D. Trevino, wife and child. •
Second cabin— George Drake, Plo Lopez, An
dres Ijopcz, Alfonzo Carabantes, Fellcitas de
Consolation, Julia Garcia.- Josefa H. . Rodri
guez, Refuglo T. Diaz. Juana B. Salcldo, Rosa
£alclao, Maria Salcldo, Jose SRlcldo, Jesus
Salcldo, Juan Salcldo. Maria C. Ibarra, Feli
cltas Breseda, Rosa Nleto.
On her last trip the Curacao broucht uo
two contract laborers named Stephen Pav
lovich and Christ Kalostro from Guaymas.
"When the immigration officer found that
they had been engaged by Sam Zecht to
work near Fresno they were sent back to
Mexico. Captain Parsons landed them at
Ensenada and two days later they were
back in California. They crossed the bor
der without any trouble and are now sup
posed to be at work in a Fresno vine
yard.
Small Fire on Mariposa.
There was a small fire on the Oceanic
Company's Mariposa Sunday night, but it
was put out before any serious damage
was done. The blaze was discovered in
the coal bunkers about 9 p. m. by the
night watchman. He at once notified
Chief Officer Ritchie, and when the two
of them got to work all danger was over
in a few minutes. There was no alarm
and even the watch was not called, as a
few buckets of water drowned out the fire.
Water Front Notes.
William Helsel of Defiance, Mo., is very
anxious to learn tho whereabouts of his
son, George Edward Helsel. The young
man left home on April 23 last with tho
intention of enlisting in tho navy. Since
then all trace of him has 'been lost. He
is not on any of tho warships in port, nor
is he at any of the training stations. Tho
young man's parents are very anxious to
hoar from him.
J. F. O'Beirne, who pays ho is an old
nowsnaper man, tried to commit suicide
yesterday. Ho filled his pockets with
rocks and Jumped into the bay. He was
rescued by an Italian fisherman, who took
him to tho Harbor Hosptal. O'Bierno has
gone to the does through drink.'
John Prebblo, a ship Joiner, nearly had
his chin broken on the steamship Charles
D. Lane yesterday. A piece of lumber
BUddenly rained by the winch struck him
He was treated at tho Harbor Hospital.
Merchandise for British Columbia.
Tbe steamer City ol Pueblo, which sailed
Sunday for Victoria, curried merchandise for
Hrttlnh Columbia, va'lucd at »24,350, including
the following: 28 bbW asphaltum, 1600 lbs
beans, 9922 lbs bluextune. 0785 lbs butter. r,;,s
cs canned goods, 31 cs chocolate, 36,875 lbs dried
fruit, 1401 pkgs fresh fruit, 20 drums glycorlne,
25 cyls cas, 29 pkgs «roccrles and provisions,
40 cs honey, 61 pkgs machinery. 68.3G5 lbs malt,
400 tins matches, 20 crs onions, 3'J5 bxs paste,
40 crs potatoes, 148 pkys raisins, 4000 lbs bar
sugar, 6a cs syrup, 80,000 lbs salt, 332 pigs tin,
673 pkgs vegetables, 743 gals wine, 38 bdls wall
paper.
Notice to Mariners.
COLUMBIA RIVER, CHANNEL FROM
KNAPPTON TO HARRINGTON POINT.
Notice is hereby given that on the 14th of
May, 1901, the following buoys were established
in the Columbia River, which affect the List Of
Beacons and Buoys, Pacific Coast, 1901, page 51:
Harrington Point Channel No. 2— A red, sec
ond-class spar buoy was established in twelve
feet of water to mark the starboard side of the
channel. Tangent to Cliff Point, SW % W;
outer end of wharf, Ccmentville, NW % N;
Knappton Channel Post Light, 8 by E % E.
Harrington Point Channel No. 4— A red, sec
ond-class spar buoy was established in twelv*'
feet of water to mark the starboard side of the
channel. Tangent to Grays Point, W Vi N;
east tangent. Tongue Point, S by E % E. .
Harrington Point Channel No. 1— A black,
Becond-class spar buoy was established in
twelve feet of water io mark the port side of
the channel. Tangent to Grays Point, WSW
V4 W; east tangent. Tongue Point, S % 13.
Harrington Point Channel No. 6 — A red, sec
ond-class spar buoy was established in twelve
feet of water to mark tlie starboard side of the
channel. Tangent to Grays Point, WSW % W
(westerly): east tangent. Tongue Point, S% W.
The channel marked by the foregoing buoys
can be used by light-dratt vessels only, and by
persons having local knowledge. By order of
the Lighthouse Board. W. P. DAY,
Commander, U. 8. N., Lighthouse Inspector..
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
' . Monday, May 27.
Btmr National City, Dettmers, 14 hours from
Fort Braes. •
Stmr Del Norte, Green, 36 houm from Cres
cent City. \
Btmr Samoa, Hansen, M hours from San
Pedro. • -
Btmr Cella, .Hinr'.ns, 18 hours from Albion.
Btmr Walla Walla, Hall, 6i«4 hours from
Victoria and Pusret Bound ports.
Btmr Alliance, Hardwlck, 6 days from Port
land, via COos Bay and Eureka.
Btmr Curacao, Parsons, 10 days from Guay
mas and way ports, via Knsenada 47 hours.
» .Stmr Fulton, Levlnaon, 72 hours from Grays
Harbor. ¦ ' - • • ' .
Stmr Rainier. Hansen, 79 hours from New
Whatcom.
ISr stmr Alffoa, Hansford, 3% days from Oys
ter Harbor.
. Barge Santa Paula, MoQovern, — hours
from Ventura, in tow of tug Rescue.
Schr Mary C, Campbell, 8 hours from Bo
dega. • ¦ •¦•¦.-' • ¦ • •• •
Schr Amethyst, Zimmerman, 7 days from
Wald *° rt V. CLEARED.
. . Monday, May 27.
Stmr Qeo W Elder, Randall, Astoria; Oregon
Railroad & Nav Co. ' . .
Btmr Coos Bay, Nopander, San Pedro: Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, Chemalnus; R
J>ut.fimulr's Sons Co.
Bark Diamond Head, v Peterson, • Honolulu;
Williams, Dimond & Co.
Br bark Cambusdoon, Roberts, Queenstown;
Eppinrer & Co.
./ > Monday, May 27.' I
Stmr Sequoia, WInkel, Fort Bragg. .
Btmr Samoa, Hansen, .
Stmr Mandalay, ' Reed, Coquille River. '
' Schr Newark, Crangle, . .
Schr Mary i Etta, Nyman, Blhlers Point.'
¦ . - . : ?
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY'S WALLAWALLA CLOSE ' INSHORE NEAR POINT REYES DURING A '
DENSE FOG. THE ENGINES WERE STOPPED. THE FOG LJFTED FOR A MOMENT AND THE SURF WAS *
SEEN BREAKING ON THE BEACH. . ,
Politicians Believe That
Phelan Wants to
Run Again.
Several Well-Known Citizens
Are Considered by the '
Republicans.
Citizen* who take an Interest in mu
nicipal affairs are beginning to discuss
the probable chances of several aspirants
for Mayor of San Franciaco. It is the
judgment of politicians who are usually
•well posted that Mayor Phelan will be the
candidate of the Democrats for re-elec
tion. His unpopularity with the voters
comprising the political party to which he
belongs is deep and widespread, but poli
ticians take "into account the fact that he
is rich and does not hesitate to spend
money to gratify his own ambitions. It is
also considered that he is In power and
will not hesitate to employ the patronage
at his command to serve his political ends.
The civil service barriers of the new char
ter present but few obstacles to the mis
use of municipal patronage. Phelan's
candidacy for another term as Mayor will
be brought about if the Republican busi
ness men can again b,e worked in his be
half, and it is no secret among the friends
of the Mayor that be is counting on Xte
jiublka.ii support to overcome the objec
tion of Democratic voters.
Elect Delegates in August.
The election of delecates to the nom
inating; convention wil; take i>l:iee In Au
gust next. County Committee meetings
will be held cany in June to begin tne
active work of Assembly district organi
zation, lit-publicans are already at work
in this direction, l^ast week the Forty
first District Central Kepublican Club re
cltcled Horace Davis president and elect
ed Colonel John C. Currier iirst vice presi
dent. An executive committee of well
known useful citizens will be appointed
til is week.
Itcpubllcans are discussing the merits
of men spoken of as probable candidates
before the convention for Mayor. Charles
ft. ration, who ran against Phelan In 1S9S,
hai> the support of many active Republi
cans. Auditor Asa 1L Wells is regarded
as a strong and available man. The gos
s=:p gees that George A. Newhall would be
jjlras-ed to serve his fellow citizens In the
ofhee of Mayor, and there is talk that he
would do well in that place. James Mc-
Nab'p name Is said to be on the list of the
available, an<l it is a known fact that he
is energetic and can command the support
of influential friends. E>r. Perrault's name
is often mentioned, and the record ot his
service in the Board of Supervisors is re
called to prove that he has the ability to
serve the public.
Dodge and the Governorship.
Assessor Washington Dodge is the Dem
ocratic idol of the day in San Francisco.
All along the line he is spoken of as the
next Democratic nominee for Governor of
California. In the Iroquois Club Dodge
.•ippears to have a strong following. The
fact that he has some patronage to be
stow, as he holds the office of Assessor
for two years more, may account for the
sentiments of respect entertained for him.
by local statesmen. It is the talk that he
is stronger in the south than either Mayor
Snyder of Ix>s Angeles or Senator Sims
of Sonoma- The plea is advanced that
the name Washington Dodge is better
pounding and more acceptable to the or
ange grove population than the name Ma
puire ever could be, and far more pleasing
to the newcomers than the name Snyder.
The Democrats seem to take it for grant
ed that the Republicans have decided to
renomlnate Henry T. Gage.
GOSSIP ABOUT
THE NEXT MAYOR
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, TUESDAY; MAY 28. 1901;
Steamship With Two Hundred Passengers on Board Is Heading
Straight for the Shore Off Point. Reyes When the Fog Lifts
for an Instant, Disclosing the Danger to Captain Hall
a • ¦ ? Lk ¦¦ : -— j.
WALLA WALLA NEARLY MEETS
FATE OF THE WRECKED RIO
7
TUESDAY, MAT 28.
Sun rises..
Sun seta...
Moon sets.
A':S2"b
..4:49
..7:23
i. m.
r
ITimel
ITimel
Time
Ft. Ft.
H W
1.2 8:44 4.0
0.8 9:42 4.1
0.4 10:36 4.3
0.0 11:20 4.4
—0.3 12:06 4.6
—0.5 12:48 4.6
—0.8 1:30 4.6
iTimel
Ft.
Date
28 ...
29 ...
80 ...
31 ...
1 ...
S ".'.
L W
2:24
8:04
3:42
4:18
4:63
6:26
6:05
1:46
2:26
3:03
.3:42
4:16
4:66
6:34
Ft.
1.9
2.2
2.6
2.8
8.2
I 8.2
3.2
H W
8:27
9:00
9:33
10:00
10:29
10:59
11:34
B.7
B.7
5.8
5.8
6.8
5.S
6.7
Steamer.
Destination.
May 2S.
Hambg & Way Pts
Panama & Way...
Antorla & Portland
Newport
Humboldt
Mny «!>.
Nome via Hcattle..
China A Japan....
Coos liny
Sun Dlegro
Prtlnd A Coos Hay I
Seattle direct
Mny :i(>.
Nome via Seattle,
fiydney & Way Pts
Mny III.
Snittli' & Tacoma.
PuRCt Sound Ports
Seattle & N. What
Humboldt .......\...
June 1.
Newport
Point Arena
Nome via Seattle..
Grays Harbor
Humboldt .'
June S2.
Astoria & Portland
San Diego «...
Sails. I
Pier.
fvambyies....
tan Hln.li
3. W. Elder..
lonita..
Pomona
12 m
13 in
11 am
9 am
1:30 p
Pier 27
PMKS
Pl«r 24
Pier 11
Pier 9
i. Portland...
Vmer. Mum..
\rcata
jn<'i>n
Alliance
Hyades
5 pm
1 pm
12 m
n am
6 pm
I * pm
Pier 13
PMH8
Pier 13
Pier It
Pier 16
Pier 9
r. 8. Klmball.
viartposa
it pm
10 am
Pier 2
Pier 7
Czarina
IValla Walla.
Rainier
L'Jurukii
3 pm
11 am
5 pm
9 am
Pier 8
Pier »
Pier 2
Pier 13
Corona
'olnt Arena..
?t. Paul.......
Vewburg.....
¦iouth Coast..
9 am
2 pm
2 pm
5 pm
2 pm
|Pler 11
Pier 2
Pier 34
Pier 2
Pier 2
Columbia.....
»anta Rosa. . .
11 am
9 am
Pier 2*
Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Satis.
lentennlal...... Nome & Port Clarence. May 21
:ity of Seattle.. Bkaguay & Way Ports. May 2:
toanoke.... Nome & St. Michael... May 2!
enator Nome direct May Si
)lrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. May 31
:ity of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports. May 3i
'alencla Nome direct May 3i
a-Kl........... Skaguay & Way -Ports. May 3i
iregon .'...' Nome & Port Clarence. June '.
tumboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. June j
'lctorlan Skaguay & Way Ports. June :
Steamer.
From.
Due.
.eelanaw.......
Mty Peking..:.
lyadea...
ireata
: st arina.. .......
Cureka
lonoma
Mty of Sydney.
tival
lolumtya
descent City...
Corona...
ianta Rosa
'olnt Arena....
•rogreso
Empire
kmth Coast....
trace Dollar. . .
>omona
Jmatllla I
forth Fork
Australia..
JowburB
tobert Dollar..
!an Pedro
jueen ,.,..
lonlta...
N. T. via Panama
China and Japan '.
Seattle
Coos Bay I . . . ."
Seattle and Tacoma....
Humboldt
Sydney & Way Ports.
Panama & Way Ports;
Willapa Harbor
Portland and Astoria. ..
Crescent City
Newport
San . Diego
Point Arena '.
Tacoma
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Humboldt ...:..'
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt .".¦....
Tahiti
San Pedro
Seattle and Hadlock....
Ban Pedro....'.....'
San Diego ;
Newport
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
I May 2S
May zi
May 28
May 28
May 2»
May 20
May 2j
May 29
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 31
May 31
June 1
June 1
June 1
June 1
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2*
TUESDAY, MAT 28.
Sun rises..
Sun seta...
Moon sets.
A':S2"b
..4:49
..7:23
i. m.
r
ITimel
ITimel
Time
Ft. Ft.
H W
1.2 8:44 4.0
0.8 9:42 4.1
0.4 10:36 4.3
0.0 11:20 4.4
—0.3 12:06 4.6
—0.5 12:48 4.6
—0.8 1:30 4.6
iTimel
Ft.
Date
28 ...
29 ...
80 ...
31 ...
1 ...
S ".'.
L W
2:24
8:04
3:42
4:18
4:63
6:26
6:05
1:46
2:26
3:03
.3:42
4:16
4:66
6:34
Ft.
1.9
2.2
2.6
2.8
8.2
I 8.2
3.2
H W
8:27
9:00
9:33
10:00
10:29
10:59
11:34
B.7
B.7
5.8
5.8
6.8
5.S
6.7
Steamer.
Destination.
May 2S.
Hambg & Way Pts
Panama & Way...
Antorla & Portland
Newport
Humboldt
Mny «!>.
Nome via Hcattle..
China A Japan....
Coos liny
Sun Dlegro
Prtlnd A Coos Hay I
Seattle direct
Mny :i(>.
Nome via Seattle,
fiydney & Way Pts
Mny III.
Snittli' & Tacoma.
PuRCt Sound Ports
Seattle & N. What
Humboldt .......\...
June 1.
Newport
Point Arena
Nome via Seattle..
Grays Harbor
Humboldt .'
June S2.
Astoria & Portland
San Diego «...
Sails. I
Pier.
fvambyies....
tan Hln.li
3. W. Elder..
lonita..
Pomona
12 m
13 in
11 am
9 am
1:30 p
Pier 27
PMKS
Pl«r 24
Pier 11
Pier 9
i. Portland...
Vmer. Mum..
\rcata
jn<'i>n
Alliance
Hyades
5 pm
1 pm
12 m
n am
6 pm
I * pm
Pier 13
PMH8
Pier 13
Pier It
Pier 16
Pier 9
r. 8. Klmball.
viartposa
it pm
10 am
Pier 2
Pier 7
Czarina
IValla Walla.
Rainier
L'Jurukii
3 pm
11 am
5 pm
9 am
Pier 8
Pier »
Pier 2
Pier 13
Corona
'olnt Arena..
?t. Paul.......
Vewburg.....
¦iouth Coast..
9 am
2 pm
2 pm
5 pm
2 pm
|Pler 11
Pier 2
Pier 34
Pier 2
Pier 2
Columbia.....
»anta Rosa. . .
11 am
9 am
Pier 2*
Pier 11
Steamer.
Destination.
Satis.
lentennlal...... Nome & Port Clarence. May 21
:ity of Seattle.. Bkaguay & Way Ports. May 2:
toanoke.... Nome & St. Michael... May 2!
enator Nome direct May Si
)lrlgo Skaguay & Way Ports. May 31
:ity of Topeka. Skaguay & Way Ports. May 3i
'alencla Nome direct May 3i
a-Kl........... Skaguay & Way -Ports. May 3i
iregon .'...' Nome & Port Clarence. June '.
tumboldt Skaguay & Way Ports. June j
'lctorlan Skaguay & Way Ports. June :
Steamer.
From.
Due.
.eelanaw.......
Mty Peking..:.
lyadea...
ireata
: st arina.. .......
Cureka
lonoma
Mty of Sydney.
tival
lolumtya
descent City...
Corona...
ianta Rosa
'olnt Arena....
•rogreso
Empire
kmth Coast....
trace Dollar. . .
>omona
Jmatllla I
forth Fork
Australia..
JowburB
tobert Dollar..
!an Pedro
jueen ,.,..
lonlta...
N. T. via Panama
China and Japan '.
Seattle
Coos Bay I . . . ."
Seattle and Tacoma....
Humboldt
Sydney & Way Ports.
Panama & Way Ports;
Willapa Harbor
Portland and Astoria. ..
Crescent City
Newport
San . Diego
Point Arena '.
Tacoma
Coos Bay
Humboldt
Grays Harbor
Humboldt ...:..'
Puget Sound Ports
Humboldt .".¦....
Tahiti
San Pedro
Seattle and Hadlock....
Ban Pedro....'.....'
San Diego ;
Newport
Valparaiso & Way Pts.
I May 2S
May zi
May 28
May 28
May 2»
May 20
May 2j
May 29
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 30
May 31
May 31
June 1
June 1
June 1
June 1
June 2
June 2
June 2
June 2*
NEW AD VEBTTSElgENTS.
MBS. MABY GBEGOVICH.
Of Philipsburg, Montana, Tells How
Eh© Was Cured of Dandruff.-
Mrs. Mary Grejrovich, of Phillpsburs,
Montana, under date of Nov. 26, 1809,
writes: "I had typhoid fever this sum-
mer, consequently was losing my j.alr ter-
ribly, and my head In /places was perfect-
ly bald. Ncwbro's Herpicide had ; Just
come Into use In Phlllpsburg. and the doc-
tor strongly recommended it 10 me. After
3 or 4 applications ray hair stopped falling
out, and is coming in again yulte thick.
I used to be troubled greatly with dan-
druff, of which I am now auite cured."
Kill the dandruff cerm with Herpicide.
Dr. ;, Sanden's ELECTRIC BELT
jOL and El ec t r i c Herculex
IP FREE TRIAL
' My latest invention, the Dr. Sanden , Hkrculex ¦ Body Battery 1901
Model, with suspensory, cures weak men, .results of youthful errors, Im- ':
potency, Nervousness, Lame Back, Varicocele, etc. . Other attachments
used by women 'as well for Rheumatism, Stomach,. Bladder Troubles, etc.
" Herculex" is worn comfortably around the waist at night, curing while
you sleep. Great improvement over • ordinary electric belts, though I still
make the regular, Dr. Sanden Electric Belt (imitated by ..others) and
either that or ray new .!* Herculex" . will be sent to sufferers on sixty days'
FREE TRIAL WITHOUT ONE CENT IN ADVANCE OR ON DEPOSIT. Call personally
at my office for free , consultation or, write to-day sending symptoms. My
descriptive book sent sealed free by mail. v^/" v
' DR. A." SANDEN. 6-O'Farrell ¦ Street, SarT Francisco, Cala.
Office Hours, 9 to 6 ; Wed. and Sat* Evenings until 9. , Sundays 10 to 1, .
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
i|ifcARTEKS k
SIOOEADAGHE
Positively cured by these
Little Pills.
They also relieve distress from Dr*>
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Hearty,
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizii-
ness, Nausea, Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue, Pain i»t
, the Side, TORPID LIVER. Th:r
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable;
Small PHI. Small Dose.
{ Small Price.
AJJTPSKTta KN'i'8.
anotherTbig bill.
Special Mines Thursday, May
30, Decoration Day.
HENRY LEE. AL LEACH AND THE THREE
ROSEBUDS. GRACE VAN STUDDIFORD.
GENARO AND BAILEY. LEW SULLY.
BURTON AND BROOKS. THE GREAT?
AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. FARBWEUi
WEEK OT JAMES O. BARROWS. JOHN
LANCASTER AND COMPANY.
Reserved seats. 25c: balcony. 10c: opera chalra
and box seats. BOc. Regular matinees Wednes-
day, Saturday and Sunday.
f*ftl 1 1MB I A SAS FEA5CSC01
UULUlViDlH LBOI'JQ THEATRE
ALL THIS WEEK (EXCEPT SUNDAY)
SECOND PRODUCTION-BRILLIANT
SUCCESS.
HENR Y MILLER
SEASON.
T\irfcT r P A SPECIAL HOLIDAY MATI-
I'lUl L NEE Will B« Given THURSDAY.
Instead of Regular Wednesday Matinee.
USUAL. MATINEE SATURDAY!
A DECIDED NOVELTY.
FIRST TIME HERE OK
THE IMPORTANCE
OF BEING EARNEST.
A TRIVIAL COMEDY FOR BERIOU8
PEOPLE— By Oscar Wilde.
In Preparation— "DARCT OF THE GUARDS"
ALL THIS WEEK.
THE EVENT OF YEARS. ¦
"STAMPED WITH THE SEAL OS*
SUCCESS."
A NEW CHARM.
MR. JAMES NEILL
Presenting
THE DRAMA OF ADVENTURE
"PHROSO."
A dramatization of Anthony Hope's fam-
ous, novel of the same name.
PRICES— Evening. Me, 33c, 60c. 75e. *1.
Saturday matinee— 23c, SOc, 75c.
BARGAIN MATINEE— Thursdays. 25c
and SOc.
Next— "A COLONIAL GIRL."
GRAND' OPEftA HOUSE
DECORATION DAY MATINEE THURSDAY.
MAY 30TH.
Uinal Matinees Saturday and Sunday,
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
Tremendous Success of ,
MELBOURNE. MacDOWELL
Supported by FLORENCE STONE In
?'CLEOPATRA."
One of tha Most Elaborate Productions Sv«r
Seen on Any Statre.
No advance In prices— 10c, 15c, 25c, SOc. A
few seats, 75c. Good orchestra seat, all matl-
nees, 25c. Branch ticket office Emporium.
NEXT WEEK-MELBOURNE MACDOWELL
IN "LA TOSCA."
MATINEE THURSDAY (DECORATION DAT).
FAREWELL PERFORMANCE.
LAST SIX NIGHTS,
"THE FIRST BORN"
AND
"CLORIANA."
THURSDAY. SATURDAY. SUNDAY.
FAREWELL MATINEES.
Kext Monday, June 3.
FLORKNCE ROBERTS
, In Julia Marlowe's Success. .
"FOR BONME PRINCE CHARLIE."
SEATS READY TO-DAY AT 9 A. M.
Orchestra, first six rows, 73c.
TO-NIGHT AND ALL THIS WEEK.
EXTRA MATINEE THURSDAY,
Decoration Day.
Regular Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Elaborate Production of the Powerful Melo-
¦ drama.
THEWAROF
WEALTH.
Great Scenic Features— Thrill Ins and Exciting
Climaxes.
DDirCC Evenings 10c, 15c, 25c, S5c,,50a
I U1CC3 Matinees. 10c. 15c. Uo
NEXT WEEK— "OLD GLORY."
RACING ! RACING I RACING -I
SPRING MEETING— Opening April 29.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
Raclsr Monday. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs-
day Friday and Saturday. Rain or ihlna,
Five or more races each day.
Races start at 2:15 p. m. sharp.
Ferry-boats leave San Francisco at 13 m. and
12:30, 1. 1:30. t, 2:S0 and I p. m., connecting
with trains stopping at tha entrance to tha
track. Last two can on train reserved for
ladles and their escorts; no smoking. Buy your
ferry tickets to Shell Mound. All trains via
Oakland mole connect with San Pablo avonu*
electrio can at Seventh and Broadway, Oak-
land. Also all trains via Alameda mola con-
nect with San Pablo avenue cars at Fourteenth
and Broadway. Oakland. These electrio cara
go direct to the track tn fifteen minutes.
Returning— Trains leave the track at 4:15 and
4:45 p. m. and Immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. .
T7TQrHTTP f Q CONCERT HOUSE.
£lOl>il£in D AdmWwilon 10c.
Merle Stanton. Atlantis, De Boe. Gladys MM-
dleton. Carter and Gerald, Perl and Lovell.
Powers and Freed and Clara Palmer Hyde.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinee Sunday.
SUTRO BATHS.
OPEN NIGHTS.
Open Dally from T a. m. to 11 p. SB.
Bathing From 7 a. m. to 10 p. m,
¦- ADMISSION 10c CHILDREN 5c
Bathing, including: admission. 25c; Children. tOa.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Good Willow Rocker,
Only. $2.75.
Get an estimate from us on
everything required to furnish
your entire establishment.
Credit and free delivery within
ioo miles. We close at six.
T. Brilliant
FURNITURE C0. r
338-342 POST STREET,
Opposite Union Square.
FOR STOMACH DISORDERS,
GOUT and DYSPEPSIA,
DRINK
Best, NATURAL Alkaline Water.
r»PALACE HOTEL**
Visitors to San Francisco Who m*ka
their headquarters at these hotels en-
joy comforts and conveniences not to
be obtained elsewhere. Desirable loca-
tion, courteous attaches and unequ*Je<!
cuisine. American and European plans.
«»GRANP~HOTEL«»
J , AMUSEMENTS.
'•* THE GREATEST HIT OF ALL."
EVENINGS AT 8.
ANOTHER BIG TOY SOUVENIR
MATINEE SATURDAY. JUNE 1st.
EVERY CHILD WILL BE PRESENTED
WITH A SOUVENIR TOT ATTENDING
SPECIAL MATINEE
DECORATION DAY, MAY 3O.
POPULAR PRICES... 25c and Me
Telephone— Bush 9. 'Compulsory Vaccination.
BAN ''JOSE, May 27.— The pupils and
FOUND FLOATING IN
STOCKTON CHANNEL
Card Found on the Body of a Stranger
Bears the Name "George
Fawie."
STOCKTON, May 27.— The body of a
dan was found floating In Stockton chan
nel near the Union Flour Mills yesterday.
In one of the pockets there was a card
reading as follows:
Membership card 633. The Union Club (incor
porated), rooms 8, 9, 10 and 11, Burdlck block,
corner cf Second and A streets. Los Angreles,
Cal. This certifies that George Fawle has been
regularly elected to full membership and is
entitled to all rrlvileces.
W. S. REAMEY, Secretary and Treasurer.
A telegram was sent to the address
named, but the reply came that the club
had gone out of existence and nothing
was known as to the identity of George
Fawle. The body is that of a middle aged
man cf sandy complexion.
SHOETAGE OF GBAPES
MEANS HIGH- PRICES
Santa Clara Valley's Wine Yield Will
Be But Kalf That of Last
Year.
SAN JOSE. May 27.— Conservative esti
mates made this morning by local wineries
give the yield of wine for Santa Clara
Valley this season at 1.500,000 gallons. The
yield last year was given at about 3,000,000
gallons.
Last season the price of grapes varied
from $17 to $19, and in few cases were
tests for sugar made, so anxious were
the wineries to get stock. The test this
year Is going to be of still lees import
ance owing to the abnormal shortage.
Wineries bought grapes last year with 19
per cent of sugar, as against the required
22 per cent at market prices. They are
going to pay $23 a ton thi* year, it is said,
and ask no questions.
LOSES LITE IN VAIN
ATTEMPT TO SAVE SON
Wife of an Idaho Clergyman Per-
ishes With Her Boy in Burn-
ing Dwelling.
HAILET. Idaho, May 27.— Fire broke out
shortly after midnight last night in the
residence of Rev. I. T. Osborn. two miles
north of Hailey, resulting in the death ot
Mrs. Osborn and her young son. Mrs.
Osborn's life was lost in an effort to
save her boy, the burning roof crashing
down upon her. The charred remains
were recovered to-day.
Mr. Osborn was in Shoshone, where he
conducted religious services.
STEAMEB KINGHTJRST
STBIKES BEEF BLUTF
Hew Vessel Built for the Nome Trade
Ashore on Denman
Island.
UNION. B. C, May 27.— The steamer
Xingtturst Is on the rocks of Reef Bluff of
Denman Island In the Gulf of Georgia,
Th« Kinghurst Is a new steamer and
was built for the trade from Cape Nome
to adjacent points. She sailed from here
on Saturday morning: in command of Cap
tain Darts. The extent of her injuries
is not known. ¦
Fails to Return a Team.
EUREKA. May 27.— U. S. Pitts of Peta
luxna was arrested here to-day by Sheriff
Frank P. Grace of Sonoma County. At
Petaluma last March Pitts hired three
horses from a man named Rose. The ani
mals were to have been returned on May
1. Pitts failed to return them and the
case was placed in the hands of the Sher
iff. Sheriff Grace recovered two of the
horses In Scotia, a lumbering: town twenty
miles from this city, and found Pitts here.
The officer and his prisoner will sail on
the steamer Eureka to-morrow on their
return to Sonoma County.
Insane Patient Missing.
SAN BERNARDINO, May 27.-Morris
Wetzel, an Inmate of the State Hospital
for the Insane, has disappeared. He was
committed to the asylum three months
ago. Recently he had materially improved
and he was permitted eight days ago to
visit hi« parents here in company with an
attendant. When the Wetzel home nai
reached the patient was permitted to en
tor and the attendant waited outsVie. A
half-hour afterward the attendant asked
for.Wetzel. but he had vanished. Wetzel
is 30 years of age, weighs 225 pounds and
is considered dangerous.
Snow's Havoc at Mineral Xing.
VISALIA, May 27.— News reached this
city to-day from Mineral King to the ef
fect that, the rummer homes of Messrs.
Chatlen. Kinkier, Alles, Buckman, Brit
tan and Hlndman were destroyed by re
cent ¦ snowFlides. During the last two
days sixteen inches of snow fell at Min
eral KinK. Some of the biggest trees on
the mountainsides were uprooted and
swept away by avalanches.
Collecting Monterey Grasses.
PACIFIC GROVE, May 27,-Professor J.
Burtt Davy of the University of Califor
nia Is in this vicinity making a collection
of Monterey County grasses for use . in
the experiment stations of the university's
department of agriculture.
Verun cures Plies, or $50 reward. For
sal* by all druOTlsu. *
Grace Elizabeth Barnebergr, San Luis Oblspo;
••Claire Grace Barnhisel, San Jose; "Walter
Morten Boston, Durango, Colo.; Ora Lee
Brown, Seattle, Wash.; Alice Olivia. Butter-
Held. Wilcox, Ariz.: Augusta Marie Cole, Gll
roy; "Myrtle Conneau, Palo Alto: Frank . J.
Cummings. Petrolia^ "Kathryn vHelen Daly,
San Francisco; ••Rebecca Louise Davis, Syca
more; Edna Leland Dellinger, New Whatcom,
Wash.; Harry James Edwards, San Diego;
Walter Kempster Gray. Milwaukee, . W'is.;
Laura Hall. San Diego; May Harris. San Fran
cisco; Jessie Judson Haskell, Bradford, Pa.;
Mary Elizabeth Hyde, Pjlo Alto; "Mary Mar-
Karet Kidder, Tasadena; Samuel Pressly Mc-
Grea, Palo Alto; Andrew Kctor Montelth, .San
Francisco; William Alfred Morris, Salem, Or.;
Sarah Graham Morrison, Sharon, Pa.: William
Curr Morrow, Portland. Or. ; Moanna Muriel
Mulllns. May Held; ••Frances Doremua I'atter-
Bon, East Orange, N. J.; ••Sophia Geori?lna
Crawford Ram«<ay, Palo Alto; 'Irving C. Hay
mnnd, Palo Alto; Maude Frances Stevens, Oro
vtlle; Will S. Tlpton, Phoenix, Ariz. : "Llda
Wilson, Vallejo; Elsie Maude Wood. Palo Alto.
Economics and sociology— Frank Adams,
Wrights: Ernest Mason Card, Tacoma, Wash.;
Henry- Albert Friedman, San Francisco: -Ed
ward Thompson Maples, Bakersfleld;. Charles
Francis Rlddell, Coronado; Ray . Walter
Thompson, Palo A ltd.
Law— Rupert "Lewis Alderman, Santa Clara;
William Franklin Bourland, Petersburg,. 1. T. :
•Fred Bansctt Braden, Los Angeles; Leonard
Harvey Brown, Palo Alto; Ernest Louis Brune,
Fan Francisco; Halbert William Chappel, Ba
tavla, N. Y. ; George .Thomas Cochran, Palo
Alto; Holla Wood Coleman. Centralia, Kans. ;
William McGreKor Cranston, San Francisco;
John Herbert Cripoen, Point Loma; Robert
Patterson Cross, Chicago. 111.; Benjamin Stew
art Crow, San Jose; Milo Charles Decarli,
AVaddington; Thomas Matthew Diviny, Sacra
mento; Frederick Henry Drake. Portland, ¦ Or. ;
John Francis Ensllsh, San Francisco; Louis
Ferrari, San Francisco; Hugh Gwyn Foster,
Coronado; Arthur Monroe Free, Mountain
View; H. Ray Fry, San Jose; Claude Bailey
Gillespie, Palo Alto: Alden Rhodes Hicks, Palo'
Alto; William George Hudson, Watsonville;
Eli Nelson Mabrey, Palo Alto; George Wash
ington Mordecai Jr., Madera; "John ¦ Thomas
Nourse Jr., Santa Ana; Charles Lenmore Rich
ards, | Austin, Nev. ; Arthur Bonbrlght Stewart,
Beaver Falls, Pa.; Leo Henry Susman. San
Francisco; Eugene Warren. Silver City, N. M;;
Walton Jones Wood, Merced. •
Mathematics— Yrene Pitcher, Dlxon; Clara
Mabel Taber, Elko, X«v.; »Lon Cain Walker
(A. M., University of Nebraska), Palo Alto;
Wllmot Edgar Whittier, Riverside.
Physics — Joseph Grant Brown, Stlllman Val
ley, 111.
Chemistry— Alvin Joseph Cox, San Jose: John
Elmer Holmes, Tacoma, Wash.; Albert Luclen
Moeller. San FrancUco; "Jessie Archibald
Moore, Los Angeles; Frances James Reidy, San
Jose; George Summers Wells, San Jose; itlch
mond Wheeler, Albany, Or. !
P.otany— *Sarah Elizabeth Cotton (A. B.,
Lake Forest), Indianaor.lis, Ind.
Physiology and hlJtoloKy— Alvln Walter Batrd,
Portland, Or.; Maryliu-3 E. Barnard. Ventura;
James Andrew Bentley, Modesto; *Marlon Per
clval Broughton, Maryville, Kans.; George
Allen Castagnetto, San Francisco; Homer Le
land Day. San Francloco; "Louis Bangs Fer
guson, Cedar Rapids, Iowa; Philip Kingsnorth
Gilman, Palo Alto; "Clara Elizabeth Hogue,
Santa Paula; -Elizabetn McFadden, Santa Ana;
Clarence Winslow Page. Berkeley; "Helen
Plato Vlnyard, Los Ansreles.
Zoology — Walter Kenrlck Fisher, Waihlngton,
D. C; Edmund Heller, Riverside ;«Tielen Hall
Mills, Menlo Park; ?•Robert Evana Snodgrass,
, Ontario.
Geology and mining— Harry Lewis Haehl, San
Francisco; Harry Hall Holier, Palo Alto; Theo
dore Jesse Hoover, Palo Alto; James Macdonald
Hyde. Palo Alto; Byron Nicholson Jackson,
Wllkesbarre, Pa.; Allen Boeley Lemmon Jr.,
Santa Rosa; Ix>uls David Mills, Menlo Park;
William Metcalf Parkin, New Kensington, Ptt. ;
Frederick Wlnn Rush, Kuisun; "Clifford Corlton
Thorns, Rlalto.
Civil engineering — Jean Eart'Balcomb (B. S.,
Colorado State Agricultural College). Woodland
Park, Colo.; Eugene Erten (A. B., Santa Clara
College), Hollifter; Frank ! McCord Brookie,
Vincennes, Ind.; Henry Norbury Kuechler,
Palo Alto; 'Raymond Daniel Meyer, Carbon,
Wyo. 4
Mechanical engineering— "Charles Warren
Cross, East Oakland.
Electrical engineering — Francis Valentine T.
Lee, San Francisco; Nathaniel Gardner Sy-m
onds, Los Gates.
Bachelor of Laws. f
James Taylor Burcham, A. B., Palo Alto.
Master cf A^ts.
Latin— "Elizabeth Gertrude Hill, A. B.
(University of Chicago), Red Wing, Minne
sota; Joseph Jarnick, A. B., Alraend, Wiscon
sin; Anna Martha Walker, A.' B. (Bryn
Mawr), Glen Moore, Pennsylvania.'
Germanic Languages— Anna Bonfoy Vaughn,
B. L. . ( University of Minnesota), Palo Alto.
Thesis — Early German influence on the Amer
ican literary and Intellectual life, traced in
the North American Review, 1815-lSoO.
Romanic Languages— Peter von Le Fort,
Palo Alto. Thesis— Dissertation sur le trage
dle de P. Cornellle.
History — Haven Wilson Edwards, A, B., San
Jose. Thesl3— The movement for federation In
Australia, to 1892. James Ferguson, I A. B.,
;.. Palo Alto. Thesis— Constitutional questions in
th* history of American expansion.
Physics— Lillian Emclino Ray, A. B., Palo
Alto. '
Physiology an<1 Histology— Susie Louise
Dyer, A. B., Palo Alto. Thesis— Studies on
the central nervous nyr.tem of bdcllostorna
stoutl. Lock;
/-oology— Joseph Orlnnell, A, B. (Throop
Polytechnic Institute), Pasadena. Thmlg—
Birds of the Kotzebuo Round region, Alaska.
Doctors of Philosophy.
JcfferHon Elmoro, 'A. M., Palo Alto. Thesis—
Tho tiyntaj: of certain Latin v*rbs of dpulrc.
John Fle«her N«-w»om, A. M.,' Palo Alto.
Tin hIh—A geologic and topographic section
arroMM Southern Indiana, from tho Ohio Hlver
at Hanover to tho Wabash Itlvcr at Vincennes,
with a dlncuanlon of tho general distribution
and character of tho Knogitone group in tho
State of Indiana. . v
•Degree conferred September 14, J900.
••Dcgrro conferred January 11, 1901.
This is the largest class that ever gradu
ated from Stanford, 214 degrees being con
ferred this year, as compared *ith 165 last
year. >
teachers of the city schools must be vac
cinated. This edict has been Issued by the
City Board of Education, and Dr. J. T,
Harris, assistant city physician, has been
selected to scratch the arms of the boys
and girls. A supply of lymph has been
ordered by the city. The work will com
mence to-morrow. *
Protest Against New Rules. -
OTTAWA, Ont., May 27.— All the broth
erhood and train service orders have
Joined in a protest against the amended
rules of the Canadian Pacific Railway,
and an appeal has been made to the rail
way committee of the Privy Council.
The momentous question of creed re
vision having been disposed of. the as
sembly proceeded to the consideration of
unfinished business. The report of the
special committee on Judiciary commis
sions •was first In order and was adopted
after a brief discussion. This report rec
ommended the establishment of a per-,
marrent Judicial commission, to which
shall be referred all Judicial cases which
tho general assembly does not elect to try
before the whole body. There will be no
appeal from the decisions of this commis-
During the afternoon session reports of
various special.' committees were consid
ered and adopted, among them a supple
mental report of* the committee on theo
logical seminaries, which recommended
the consolidation . of the Loulsvlllo and
Danville seminaries.
New York wns selected as the meeting
place for the next general assembly.
Philadelphia: May 27. — By a
unanimous vote the Presbyterian General
Assembly to-day adopted tho report of
the special committee on the revision of
the Confession of Faith. The debate on
this important question had extended into
the fourth day and to Rev. Dr. James p.
Moffat is due the credit of having brought
about a harmonious conclusion, when
recommendation "B" was, on Saturday
adopted by a comparatively small major
ity Dr. Moffat announced that la view or
the divergency of opinion he would to
day offer an amendment which he hoped
would meet the approval of the entire as
sembly. When he presented this amend
ment to-day It was Instantly accepted by
the commissioners, and the adoption of
tho report as a whole followed with little
delay.
A viva voce vote was taken and when
610 ayes responded to the question tho
commissioners sang "Praise God From
Whom All Blessings Flow," which waa
followed by a prayer of thanksgiving by
Modt-rator Minton.
The General Assembly
Adopts Report of Spe
cial Committee.
DECIDES UPON
CREED REVISION
Germanic languages— Bprtha Rachael Bacher.
San Jose; ••Kathrine Birdsall, Berkeley: Laura
Marion Carver. Meadow Creek. Mont. ; Katha
rine Dryer, Santa Ana; Helen May Hogue. Al
bany, Or.: Clara Draslia Keller, San Bernar
dino; Rowena Merritt, Woodland; "Catherine
Bertha Meyer t Santa Rosa; Emma Katherine
Ilcth. Pasadena; ?•Blanche Adele Schofleld,
Mitcbcll. S. D. ; "Ruby Beatrice WIgle, Palo
Alto. ~
Romanic languages— Susie Dale Barnwell. Los
Angeles; ••Georgia McKee, ¦ San Jose; "Mary
Elizabeth Merritt. Woodland; Virginia Xoelle
Xicola*. Fullerton; Bertha Mary rfhaw. San
Francisco; ••Josephine May Turcot, Santa Cruz.
English— Forrest Cutter Bailey. San Jose;
"L»e Emerson Bassett. Salem, Wis. ; Chris
topher Mason Bradley. Tacoma, Wash. : "Mary
Luelle Caldwpll, San Francisco;' Georgia Al
bcrtc Caswell, Los Angeleg; Elizabeth Hiett
Cone, Salinas; Mabel Annie Coulter, Salinas;
Alice May Cowdery. San Francisco; Laura Bell
Everett, 8utt*r: Eunice Thompson Gray. Lu-^
vern*. Minn.: Lilian Hardman Grigsby. Tulare;
Rfsalle Harris, San Francisco; Ix-o Agnes
Hcrzlneer, Ouray, Colo.; ••Edna Mary Hobson,
Kantland: Helen Lathrop Holmes. Tacoma.
Wash.; Matilda Ib». San DIoro; Belle Kalloch,
Knn Franciaco; Jeme» Alva Koontz. Palo Alto;
"Ellen Utley Lynn, Cambria: <>e!l Mortimer
Marrack, Kan Franclnco: "Julia MathewH, I>o«
Angelen; l'aul Lamar Mitchell. Harrison Sta
tion, Ml**.: Pewitt Montgomery. Placontia;
Edith O'ParrWl. San Dleero: Lucy Ellery On-
Iwrn WntHonvlIln: "Letltla Patfrxon.-Eaiit
Orange, N. J. ; "Mary Mabel Phelps, Kan Jose;
lAla Ir*-ne Itlplfy. Kan Jon*: "Edythc Joseph
ine Rus«. F«:rndale: Mary Sncal KlmpFon,
Grand Rapids. Mich.: Mildred Stanford. Olym
pla AVwh. ; "Herbert David Walter. San
Fra'nclMco; E<lna Geneva Weh, Plymouth,
Ohio: Kmmanelie Hudson Zuckcr, Oakland.
Education— 8orr> Lillian Cooke. Santa Ana;
Lucia Goodwin, Aurora. III.: Ida dray. Sulaun:
Kdsar Lillian Mltchel, Ferndale; "Kernan
Hobson (A. M., Harvard). San Francisco; Ger
trude France* Howell. Easton; 'Mary Ellen
Covlnston Sklllinss; Joel Andrew Snell; 'James
Fred Smith (A. M., Dartmouth), Campbell;
Frank Ernest Thompson. Abraham Lincoln
Walker. Joseph Ulvens Wootten.
History— Jessie May Ballard, Seattle, Wash.;
Latin— •*\Mlliam Pleasant Campbell, Coving
ton. Tenn. : "Cynthia Kdna Coleman, Dlxon;
Helen Dorset. La Cro?»e. Wis.; Genevieve V.
Evans, Palo Alto: "E. Royal Flint, Palo Alto;
Lucy Mabel France, San Francisco: Addle
Louise -Hamilton. Hollister: Florence Hopper,
Los Anceles; Mary California Meredith. Pan
Luis Obispo: Albert Newt On Merrltt. Del Rey,
111.; "Ella Moore Rider, Napa: Florence Tay
lor, Steubenville, Ohio; Vera Townsend. Palo
Alto: Bessie Kathleen Turner. Paso Roblcs;
Juliet Antoinette Waitner, Pan Francisco.
Classical philology— Francis dark Murgotten,-
San Jose: ••Irvin Passmore, Grampian, Pa.;
Ernest Lloyd Rea, .San Jose: Mabel McQueen
Weir, Bocne. Iowa: "Eleanor Kathrine
AVelges. Woodland; ••Josephine Rose Yoch,
Bachelor of Arts.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, May 27.—
The university committee met this morn
ing' and conferred the following degrees;
ford University.
Largest Class in the History of Stan-
LONG LIST OF GRADUATES.
Tho customary cane presentation fol
lowed. President Naramore handing ovor
the sophomore cane to President Roehr of
this year's freshman class.
The audience then adjourned to whore
the '01 plate had been placed l-esidc the
row of five others. J. F. English in an
address full of fcelinj; presented the
plate on behalf of the class. President
Jordan in accepting it said that the piate
stood for the Stanford spirit of courugc,
loyalty and friendship. He predicted that
Stanford's class of 1901 would equal the
famous class of 1829 at Harvard in the
proportion of its able men. It was his de
sire that the students take with them not
jjnly the Stanford spirit, but that.wherc
ever they went they might be known for
their Christian spirit and American spirit.
In closing Dr. Jordan quoted from one of
Charles Field's C'95) poems, termine him
"Stanford's first poet."
To-night the senior ball was srlven in
the Enclna Club rooms. The hall was
tastefully decorated with bunting repre
senting the class colors. Music was sup
plied by Yanke's orchestra of a dozen
pieces. The patronesses were Mesdsmes
Jordan, Branner, Griffin, Gilman, Mitchell,
Hosmer, Painter, Burrel, Gillespie, Par
kin. . Stephenson, Emerson. Ad.ims and
Gray.
The ball committee having charge of the
affair were: Miss G. Evans, Miss St abbs,
Miss Kidder, Messrs. H. J. Edwards, G. L.
Jobey Bristow Adams, A. B. Stewart, J.
F. English and P. K. Gilman (chairman).
To-morrow will be alumni .iav. The
morning will be given up to business
meetings. The alumni reunion and lunch
eon will be held at Rob'.e at 12:30. In the
evening the promenade concert, the pretti
est of Stanford's commencement events,
will be held on the quadrangle. This
year's class will exceed all previous tf
forts in its endeavor to please the visiting
crowds.
M. C. Decarli read the history of (he
class and Eugeno Warren made known
the last will and testament of the out
going: baccalaureates. By the instrument
the characteristic features of college life
were brought before the audience under a
vivid and searching light.
STANTTORX) UNIVERSITY, May 27.—
The members of the graduating class cele
brated class day with fitting exercises
this morning. At half-past 10 the univer
sity chapel was crowded to the doors by
the members. of the class, undergraduates
and visitors. .President W. MJ Parkin
made the address for the class and in
wcJJ.-chosen words conveyed the gratitude
of Its members to the founders and .fac
ulty of tho university. Dr. Angell; re
sponded on. behalf of the university.
yesterday afternoon on the Great North
ern Railway fo/Jr miles east of Skyomish,
the circumstances of which will make the
imall number of casualties almost miracu
lous. A car loaded with a ton and a half
of dynamite was being run to a siding
when a west-bound freight train, John
Mr-Grouty engineer and Henry Berry
conductor, came along. The men having
the dynamite car In charge attempted to
put it on the siding before the freight
train reached them. They were too late,
however, and fled for their lives.
The engineer reversed his engine and
made every effort to stop the train, but
seeing this was Impossible and knowing
the contents of the dynamite car both ho
and the lireman started to jump from the
cab. The fireman was well out of danger
and Engineer McGrouty was crawling
over the rear ol' the tender when the en
gine struck the dynamite car, and there
was a terrific explosion. •
The engine was separated from the
trucks and hurled some distance up the
mouhtain side. Thirteen freight cars were
demolished and about 800 feet of track
torn up. A eteam shovel standing near
was reduced to scraplron.
Engineer John McGrouty was the only
one seriously injured. He received a scalp
wound, his tongue was bitten almost in
two and he was injured about the spine.
He was taken to the Everett hospital.
A watchman's cabin fifty yards from the
scene of the explosion was blown to
pieces and the watchman, who was inside
«t the time, was stunned and dazed. The
engine and caboose bringing In the in
jured men made the trip from Monroe to
Bnohomish, a distance of seven miles, in
exactly seven minutes.
After the explosion the railroad authori
ties sent at once to Spokane for a wreck-
Ing train to clear away the debris.
Freight and passenger traffic was delayed
many hours. The west-bound overland,
due in Everett at 6:30 o'clock last even-
Ing, did not arrive until nearly noon to
day.
Railroad officials blame the men having
the dynamite car in charge for the acci
dent.
TACOMA, May 27.— An accident occurred
Accident on Great Northern
Remarkably Free From
. Casualties.
Epeclal Dispatch to The Call.
Terrific Explosion De
molishes a Freight
- Train/ ?*(¦
ENGINE STRIKES
DYNAMITE CAR
UPHOLD THE TRADITIONS
OF THEIR ALMA MATER
R Airing Seniors of Stanford Express Gratitude to the Uni
versity's Founders and Faculty, Transfer Their Tokens
by Will and Plant. the ,'oi Class Plate on" the Quadrangle
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GAMPS ON TIL
OF MILLIONAIRE
Bill Collector GivesVW.
Sanger. Pullman
Victim of a Peculiar
Transaction.
Eastern Visitor Is Made the
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, May 27.— W. Sanger
Pullman, son of the late palace car mag
nate, was to-day threatened wtlh attach
ment proceedings. In fact, the matter had
gono bo far that the writ was actually is
sued and in the possession of Jules Gam
age, a collector of San Francisco, .who
cam© on one of the afternoon trains to
levy upon the horses of Pullman. How
ever, the affair was arranged amicably
before he left Redwood City."* ..•-¦•
The difficulty arose out of a life insur
ance policy which Mr. Pullman was per
suaded to take out in the Mutual Life,
but which ho never obtained, .and for
which -ho had given his note in payment.
According to Mr. Pullman's statement, a
man named Morgan Smith on April 23 last
persuaded him to have his life Insured,
the premium on the policy amounting to
$300. On that day he gave his note for the
amount, payable in thirty days. The note
became due, but the policy was not forth
coming.- After the note had been executed
it was transferred, coming into the hands
of Gamage. Mr. Pullman refused to pay
it for the reason that he had not got value
received.
Mr. Pullman is occupying the Hopkins
mansion at the outskirts of this city, hav
ing moved here with a large retinue of
servants about' a month ago. Ho has
leased tho premises for six months and 13
entertaining in a lavish manner. He has
signified his intention of buying the Hop
kins place if he be satisfied with it.
BRICKLAYERS' LOCKOUT '
7 IS NOW DECLARED OFF
The Men Arrive at "a Satisfactory
Settlement With the Mason •
Builders' Association.
NEW YORK, May 28.— Tho joint arbi
tration board of the Bricklayers' .Union
and Mason Builders' Association met in
conference last njght. The conference
lasted until nearly 2 o'clock this morn
ing. It was then announced that all dif
ferences had been settled and that the
lockout and strike had been mutually de
clared off. - The men will return to work
this morning. From June 28 the men will
receive 60 cents an hour instead of 55
cents, as heretofore. This rate of wages
will ho!d good until'May 1. 1902. At the
conference it was decided that all differ
ences between the bricklayers and the
mason builders shall be referred to the
arbitration board.
The settlement of the strike, which has
been in force for about two weeks, will
affect 20,000 to 25,000 men.
DUNKIRK, N. Y., May 27.— The strike
of the machinists employed by the Brooks
Locomotlve'Works was settled to-day. All
who struck are to be taken back without
discrimination. Fifty-five hours will con
stitute a week's work. A straight increase
of 10 per cent in wages is granted. These
are substantially the demands made by
the 1 machinists.
Sampson Has Not Resigned.
BOSTON, May 27.— Lieutenant Bennett,
aid to Admiral Sampson, commandant of
the Charleston navy yard, stated to-day
that the report to the effect that the ad
miral had tendered his Tesignation on ac
count of- ill-health was a pure fabrication.
He added that the admiral was enjoying
very good health at present. Lieutenant
Bennett said: '•¦•»- ¦•--..'
"The fact that he retires next February
makes the story all the more preposter
ous." • . ' " • -
New Storage Battery Company.
TRENTON, N. J., May 27.— The Edison
Storage Battery Company, with a capital
of $1,000,000, was Incorporated to-day to
manufacture storage batteries under pat
ents of Thomas A. Edison.
MRS. ELLEN McGREGOB .
IS SEVERELY INJURED
Galloping Horse Buns Into Her on
Jones Street and Breaks
Her Leg.
- Mrs. Kllen McGregor, an elderly woman
residing at 1427, Pacific • avenue, was
knocked down by a galloping hor«e- at the
corner of Jones and O'Farrell streets yes
terday afternoon and had her left leg
broken between tho knee and ankle and
her right leg badly bruised. Sho wan
taken to tho .Receiving lloHpital, where
for n. time It wan feared oho would buc
cumb to her Injuries and shock. She-ral
lied, however, and at a late hour last
night was considered out of danger.
The horse was owned by Dr. Krotosyner
of 700 flutter street. It had got beyond
control of the driver and ran away. The
driver was thrown out and received nu
merous bruises.
No Barbers for Portland.
The boss barbers in Portland, Oregon,
will not receive any assistance from bar
bers of this city. An advertisement In the
San Francisco dally papers asking for
journeymen barbers to go to Portland was
not well received at the barbers' meeting
last night. A meeting of the 10-cent bosses
will be held to-night at 763 Mission street
with the view of unionizing the few out
side shops.
Vogel Declared Insane.
Theodore Vogel, the passeng-er . from
Santa Barbara who tried to kill his
nurse and himself on board the steamer
Queen, was committed to Stockton In
sane Asylum yesterday by Judge Heb
bard. • • ¦ ' . ' ¦
THE SAN FRANCISCO ; Q ALL, TUESDAY,; : MJY28 t ; 1901;
8
If you want to
know where to
go this Summer
Whether to a mineral spring- resort,
where you can get the benefit of medi-
cinal •waters, 1 ' or to a farm, where you
can enjoy the comfort and quiet home
life of the farmer, or to a picturesque
town,, from which you can, In a short
walk or drive, commune with nature In
her valleys, foothills and mountain
canyons, or to a camp along the bank
of some shady stream,
Call or write for ' U,'
"VACATION 1901"
This is a little book Just issued by the"
California Northwestern . Railway Com-
pany, and is profusely illustrated. It gives
camping locations, hotels and mineral
spring resorts In -Marln, Sonoma, Mendo-
clno and Lake counties. Besides, It con-
tains a list of about 200 farms and homes
where board during the summer months
can be procured- at from $5.00 to $10.00 per
week. - (
Ticket offices 650 Market street (Chroni-
cle building) and Tiburon Ferry. General
office. Mutual Life building, Sansome and
California streets, San Francisco.
R. X. RYAN.
General Passenger. Agent.
H. C. WHITING, General' Manager.
SANTA CATALINA ISLAND.
3% Hours" Ride From Los Angeles. Cal.
GREATEST ATTRACTIONS IN THE WEST.
Third Annual Rod and Reel Fishing Tour-
nament, auspices the "Tuna Club."
Eighth Season of our (Famous Marine Band.
Th6 Society Resort.
The Sportsman's Paradise.
HOTEL METROPOLE and COUNTRY CLUB
always open. Golf and Tennis Tournaments.
IDEAL CAMP LIFE. :
For full Information, hotel rates, unique ar-
rangements for camping and illustrated pam-
phlets. apply to. R c: pECK . A(fent . i
10 Montgomery St., San Francisco. •
• Or BANNING CO..
222 South Spring St.. Los Angeles, Cal.-
r\ if m r\r\e\ hot springs, son'oma
Xtt atmlmX Co.: only VA hours from
OA/lUUU San Francisco; but 9 miles
staging;* waters noted for
medicinal virtues; best- natural bath in State;
good trout streams; telephone, telegraph, dally
mall and express; first-class hotel and stage
service; morning and afternoon stages; lound
trip fromS. F. only $5 50. Take Tiburon ferry
at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a day or
|12 a week. References— Any guest of the past
elx years. Further Information at Traveler of.
f\ce. 20 Montgomery St., or of- J. F. MUL-
GREW, Skaggs. Cal. ,»
GILROY
HOT SIPRIINOS.
Trains leave Third and Townsend streets at
9 a. m. nnd 2:45 p. m. dally. Kor rates and
Illustrated pamphlets address I». ROUERT-
SON, Prop. • '
CAPITOLA
The Seaside Resort of Central California, on
Monterey Bay. Opens Juno 1st. Free booklet.
R. M. BRIARE, Mgr. hotel. FRANK REA-
NIER, Bupt. camp, Capltola, Cal.
HOTEL GENEVA,
AND COTTAGES.
SAUSALITO. Only 30 minutes from the city;
most beautiful location and marina view: an
unexcelled summer and winter resort; table
and service of the best. .
W. O.- GRAHAM.
Late of Hotel Mateo. Manager.
LAUREL DELL LAKE
MOST ATTRACTIVE PLACE IN ¦ LAKB
County to spend a vacation. Boating,
bathing, bowling, tennis, livery, new walks
find boats. Writ© for circular. EDOAR DUR-
NAN. Laurel Dell. Lake Co.. Cal.
WHITE SULPHUR SPRINGS.
' VA hours' ride from S. F. : 5 miles from Val-
lejo. Sulphur baths; cure rheumatism, neural-
gia, eczema, kidney, liver, stomach diseases.
Hotel and Cottages renovated. Lake for boating
and bathing. Dancing Pavilion. $8 to $10 a week.
Special rates famines. M.MADRID. ValleJo.Cal.
SUMMER HOME -FARM,
SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS— FIRST-CLASS
family resort; main hotel and cottages;
hunting and fishing: artificial lake for boating
and swimming; long-distance telephone; camp-
ers' return, tickets, $2 50; open th« year. round.
Bend for circulars, v
J. H. HAESTERB. Glenwood. Cal. "
Ve? tocaloma. ; "ab™
Bertrand Hotel: first-class accommodations;
reasonable rates for families and parties; fish-
ing, bathing: beautiful • drives to Bear Valley,
etc. JOSEPH F. BERTRAND, or Bulletin In-
formation Bureau, 233 Kearny St., S.' F. .
DUNCAN SPRINGS,
" Two miles from Hopland: best medicinal
waters Jn the State; fine ' hotel and ttrat-ctaas
table; rates $10 and $12; housekeeping cottages.
O. HOWELL. Hopland. Mendoclno Co.. Cal.
TOLL HOUSE.,
PLEASANT ACCOMMODATIONS FOR ' A
few guests; mountain . scenery; pure air.
$8 per wk. II. yB. LAWLEY. Callstoga, Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE..;^ :
On the shore of Clear Lake; home cooking;
$7 per week , and upwards. F. and A. M.
SCALES. Lakeport,' Lake County, "Cal. > •
THE OAKS.'!
ON BRANCIFORTE DRIVE— CO minutes to
beach; mail dally by carrier; private board-
Ing. Partlclars Mrs. Czarina Smith. ' Sta. Cruz.
HO ! FOR THE GEYSERS. *
Via C. C. Fobs' Stage Line from Callstoga.
The scenic route. -Livery in connection. C. C.
FOSS. " Proprietor, Callstoga. : Cal. ', . '
VICHY OPIf/ffOS,
•Vr. T t* '^ n , ljr . JpIace » n / th « United. States where
Vichy Water Is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters: Champagne Baths; Springs
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. . J. , A. BEDEME7ER A CO..
V : -I -, Proprietors.
Vendoma |
Central -California
- '
San Jo*e Is the central city of California, and
Motel Vendoma Is Its most attractive feature.
Adjacent to LJck Observatory. New Almaden
Quicksilver Mine. Alum Rock Park and count-
less other attractions, reached over perfect
roads. Hotel thoroughly modern and first class
In every respect, with service unsurpassed.
Rates reasonable. .For. further Information call
at "Traveler" office. 20 Montgomery street, Saa
Francisco, or address
GEO. P. SXELX.. Mgr., San Joae. Cal.
HIGHLAND
SPRINGS.
Only Three Hours' staging
To the prettiest, healthiest, most restful plae*
In all California. Resident physician. Every
comfort and amusement. Rates— 110, $12, $14.
S15 and SIS per week. Call on LEE D. CRAIO.
' 315 Montgomery st.. and sea photographs ot
hotel and surroundings. W« taka plea»ur» la
writing full particulars. Address CRAIO'*
WARNER. _^___
DR. G. C O*OONNEt-I-»Sl
MINERAL. SPRINGS AT GLEN ELLEN.
the best camping, picnic and, pleasure r«-
sort on th« Coast. The greatest remedy for
lung disease, liver and stomach complaints,
rheumatism and catarrh In the wcrld: 41
miles from S. F. The 8. P. R. R. and 9. F.
* N. P. R. R. give special rates to campers:
SO cottages and tents furnished: rent cheap:
no fogs nor poison oak at th« park: mineral
wat»r, boats and bathing free. Innulre of DK.
C. C. (VDONNELL, office 1021% Market, bet.
«th and 7th. S. F. If you want your health.
pleasure and longevity thla Is the place to go.
CALIFORNIA HOT SPRINGS
Hot Springs, but not a sanitarium.
Formerly Agua Caliente Springs. Sonoma
Valley. No staging: 48 miles via C. N. Ry.
or • S. P. R. R. Immense swimming »ank.
Splendid table. Come Sundays, try It. Round
trip, $1 10. Telephone, expensive Improvements:
$12 and JU. COOPER & SHEDDEX. Agua
Caliente. Cal. ___
WILBUR HOT SULPHUR SPRINTS.
Sulphur Creek. Colusa Co.. Cal., 28 mile* by
stage west of Williams; fare $2. Hottest and
strongest water on the Coast: temperature 143
deg. Cures rheumatism, dropsy, salt rheum.
s.kln diseases, neuralgia, liver and kidney com-
plaints, paralysis, mercury In system, dyspep-
sia, catarrh. Natural mud baths. New 3-story
hotel: fine new bathhouse. Board and lodging.
Including baths. $10 a week. WM. OELGEART.
Proprietor. 2
LAUREL RANCH RESORT
i miles from station: beautiful view; moun-
tain scenery; good hunting, fishing In moun-
tain streams: short distance from Geyser*:
dally mall; 17 per week. Further particular*
address G. H. BLACK. Gey»ervtll9. Sonoma Co.
EL MONTE HOTEL.
First-class family resort: climate unsur-
passed: great relief for people with asthma; «S
miles from 8. F.; fare « «S: free 'bus. Particu-
lars at Traveler Office, SO Montgomery st., or
of JOHN NEVILL. Proprietor. Los Oatos.
HOTEL MOUNT VIEW
Changed hands. Will hereafter be open th»
year round. Bus meet* 9:30 «nd 11 o'clock trains
from the city at present. The culinary depart-^
ment will receive special attention For raw*" 1
and particulars address HOTEL MOUNT
VIEW; Ross Valley, Marln Co.. Cal.
THE GEYSERS, rfSSS^
ONE OP NATURE'S W0NDER3. NATC-
rsl «tesm baths: swimming, flshinc. Hunt-
ing and llvory. Write for pamphUt. L,
WERTHElMElt. manager. ,
SUMMER HOME, FURNISHED.
Near Camp Taylor In the redwoods; tlDO ¦
month fcr four months or more.
THOS. MAOEE & SONS.
5 Montgomery st.
WII I Ml? D A VrH former proprietor W.
nlLLUiT KAilLU Crandell— A summer hom«
in the redwood*. S. miles from Santa Crua;
running water, swimming, croquet, abundance
of fruit, home cooking: tabl* speaks for Itself.
For particulars, TULET Sc ILir*". Santa Cruj.
MOUNTAIN HOME.
In the Santa Cruz Mountains. Health, pleas-
ure, fishing, hunting and swimming; good
table: guests at home: never fall to come baric
again; send for souvenir. VIC PO.N'CELET,
Llagas. '
GLENBROOK.
Various amusements. Large and small gam*.
Tabla and beds unsurpassed. Rates only \% and
$10. Apply 20 Montgomery st or address O. W.
R. TREDWAY. Prop.. Glenbrook. Lake Co.. Cal.
JOHANNISBRRC.
First-class family resort In tho Napa red-
woods. Exhilarating air, hunting, fishing,
swimming and boating. Terms reasonable. In-
quire THEO. BLANCKENBURG JR.. Prop..
Oakvllle, Napa Co.. or The Traveler's Bureau.
20 Montgomery st .
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to Bartlett Springs.
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hopland at
12:30: arrive at Lakeport at 3:30; arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 8-horse- 14-pas-
senger tourist wagons, made to order for this
stage line, with all the most modern Improve-
ments. Passengers for Lakeport or Bartlett
Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Stage Line.
MILLER & HOWARD. Proprietors.
LAKE COUNTY.— New . 19-passenger To»emlt»
Ftage, all outside seats. Leaves Caliatoga
dally (Sundays exceptcd) at 11:30 a. m.. direct
to Harbin, Selgler. Adams. Howard. Ander-
son. Astorgs and Glenbrook; buy round-trip
tickets; half an hour for lunch at Callatogn:
also to Middletown. Lower Lake, Kelseyvlllo
and Lakeport. WM. SPIERS. Proprietor.
OWN a home in beautiful CAMP MEEKER:
buy lots $10 up; cottaces built by Meeker. %v>
up; boating, bathing, tenting ground free;
., tawmlll, depot, stor?. poxtotTlce at camp:
board and lodging Jf>; take Sauaaltto ferry, «
round-trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or II
M. GREOSON. Camo- Meeker. Sonoma County.
BHOOKSIDE- At heaJ of Napa Valley. Krs-»
carriage, hot and cold water, gas, bath*.
' springs, rooms and br.ard unsurpassed Writ'*
for pamphlet. O. W. CrTLER. Caltstnga. Cal.
MOUNTAIN MILL HOTEL— Accommortatlon*
/or few guests: mountain iicenery Dure air-
$7 per week. F. McNULTY. Call'stoga. Call
LACUNA FARM— lVj miles from Mt Oltv^t
utation: boating, fishing, bathing; J1 per weok.
MRS. R. HAL1JVRD. Mt. Olivet! Sonorna Co!
GILROY FASHION ETABLES-Also stase Iln^
to hot springs; first-class turnouts MATOCK
& HOOPER. . proprietors. .
The Weekly Call.
SI pep Year.
¦ ¦ ¦ .. ¦
JjjEHSEMu lQB HflWsaW \EQ Vd EINff* A V TfKBtHjF BfTK
When thereto a natural and healthy circulation of the .blood, the entire
quantity, estimated at one-eighth the weight of the body,' passes through the heart
every five minutes. This rapid flow of the blood through the system prevents the
entrance of disease germs and impurities of every description. It filters out all that
is not necessary or good for the growth and' development of the body and nourish-
ing and strengthening the muscles, tissues, nerves and bones. . But, unfortunately,
few persons can rightly, claim an absolutely pure blood supply and perfect and'
unpolluted circulation, and in consequence are exposed to innumerable diseases.'
Contagious Blood Poison, the greatest enemy' to mankind, enters the system
through the blood, and Cancer, ; Scrofula, Rheumatism, Catarrh, Eczema, -Salt
Rheum, Psoriasis, Tetter — : in fact the majority of human ailments— are caused by
Soisons or humors that are engen-.^- -^- - . 'J* *• ¦
ered and fostered in a sluggish TnB BlOOU IS tttO SOUPGO
and • impoverished blood. Old , . , ¦ . ¦ '.-'..**-'
sores, chronic ulcers and rheumatic pains are com- Qjf J%H StfCiSfftit
mon, especially among old people,; yhose blood . .',
naturally grows thin and pale because of the lack of the red corpuscles that give
color and strength to youthful blood. :. Sallow complexions and rough, oily skins
evidence some constitutional or blood trouble, which salves, lotions, powders, nor
any external treatment can cure. Diseases that originate in the blood, whether
they manifest themselves as ulcers* tumors, itching eruptions, muscular or -bone
pains, require a tonic and blood purifier such as S. S. S., which not only~ antidotes
and neutralizes blood poisons and humors, but possesses health-giving tonic proper-
ties that no other blood medicine does. It goes down to the very foundation of
. __ r ' ¦•-»• . '"^ the' disease and eliminates from -the system ¦ eyery-
fPOiiUmGO BiOSttM thing of a poisonous character or that obstructs and
• _ • ¦ ,' clogs the circulation. > It builds up and imparts
BlTQGSiS DlSBQSO new strength and vitality to the old innutritious
.' . blood, and c when^the arteries 'and'.veins are once
more filled with new rich blood, the general health 'begins to improve,' muscles
grow stronger, and sores and eruptions of every kind disappear.
$. S. S. is the only guaranteed purely, vegetable blood purifier, and the purest
and most reliable in all blood diseases. It has been tested in thousands of cases
during the past fifty years and is more popular today than ever. We will be glad
to 6end you o '.book free, and if in need or medical advice write our physicians all
about your c^sc , this information will' cost you nothing and comes from jexperi*
enced and educated doctors. All correspondence la conducted -in strictest
confidence. THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, QA.
CAMP REVERIE,
russian~riveFredwoods.
""In All California
No Place Like This."
An Outing
On a_New Plan.
On June 3, this year^ CAMP KHVERIE will
be opened in a redwood grove on the Guerne-
vllle branch of the California Northwestern
Railway, midway between Fulton and Guerne-
vllle.
Handsome booklets with full details have been
left in Ticket Offices of the California North-
western Railway, or address CAMP REVERIE
ASSOCIATION, room 81, Flood building, San
Francisco. Office hours 12 to 4 p. m., Mon.-
days. Wednesdays and Saturdays. : - m
HOT SPRINGS.
A grotto. 1400 feet up In the coast range,
overlooking the broad Salinas Valley; free
from fqg and .winds; pure dry balmy air;
equable 'temperature; seven miles stage from
Soledad: hot and cold soda and sulphur baths;
tub and plunge; special bathhouses for ladles;
massage treatment; cement swimming tank.
30x60; hunting and fishing; all popular games;
hotel, cottages and grounds Illuminated by gas;
telephone and P. O. : round-trip ticket $3. C.
T. ROMIE. prop.; J. O. VALPEY. manager.
...NAPA... Napa County.
ISO DA SPRINGS Ca] '
THE MOST BEAUTIFUL OF ALL
health resorts.
Rate* $10 to $15 per week. Two trains dally.
foot of Market street. 7 a. m. and 4 p. m.
For further Information address
A. DOLLMAXN. Proprietor.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND TOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumne
Big Tree Grove. Round trip from San Fran~
Cisco $32. Round trip from Stockton $27.
Staging Vft hours first afternoon tnd 9 hours
next day, arriving at Tosemlte Valley 6 p. m.
Send for illustrated folder. WM. J. WHITE.
Gen'l Agent. C30 Market St.. opposite Palace
Hotel. S. F. : tel. Black 8571. ¦ - •
MARK WEST
J 1 B ¦ SPRINCS
Healthiest and best climate, prettiest place
in all California; lots amusement: fine -walks;
all mineral waters. Rates, $10 and $12 per
wjek. Open May 15. Circulars at city office,
913 Laikln St., S. F. DRURY & KROEGER.
For the completion. Indispensable for tb«
Mountains and Sea Shore. Prevent* and . re-
moves tan, sunburn and Infection from Poison
Oak. Indorsed by the medical profession. At
• 11 druggists. ' . ¦
I THE NEW BUILDINGS AND
imrrT»< Beautiful Grounds at Hoitt's
II U I I 1 » Bchool will be open to, summer
MENLO • truest* during June and July.
" cnliU Superior climate. excellent
PARK.' tabla; reasonable price*. Ad-
_ ___« dreis IRA O. HOITT.
KLAMATH HOT SPRINCS.
Finest fishing, hunting and health resort on
the coast. Climate perfect. On Klamath River.
Rates, $2 and $2 60 per day; $10 to $14 per week.
Call Traveler Office. 20 Montgomery St., or
address EDSON BROS.. Beswlck. Slsklyou
County, Cal.
POINT ARENA HOT SPRINCS. .
Greatly Improved. New cottages, large hall,
pianos, billiard, pool and other games: every-
thing new; $7 per week. Round trip by stmr
Point Arena, $7. Inquire at 54 Mission and 14
Sansome St.. or of DR. W. A. McCORNACK,
Point Arena, Cal.
t S5O.OO
Or less will cover all expenses of a 10 days'
trip to Tosemlte. Curry's Office, 630 Market
¦*" a r * YOSEMITE!! £/
CAMP CURRY
Makes It possible for you to spend a week or a
month In Tosemlte without exhausting all your
resources. Rates, $12 per week; $45 per month.
Office 630 Market st. I
YOSEMITE I I , .,.
FERN BROOK PARK,
NILES CANTON. IS NOW OPEN FOR PIC-
nlcs or campers. Further Information ad-
dress WM. H. MENTON. Excursion - Pass.
Agent 9. P. Co.. <13 Market street.
GOOD FELLOWS' HOME,
AMTD THE MOUNTAINS OF MESDO-
dno. Visit this «ulet HttU resort for
solid comfort For particulars apply to 3.
BTRATTON, », Eighth street. City.
It Is never too late to enjoy good health and
pleasure at the cozy
Saratoga Springs.
S MARTENS. Prop.. Bachelor P. O.. Lake
County; City Office. 416 Pine street.- -^j
BELtEVUE HOTEL.
P O EL VERANO. Cal.. Verano
(Kings CroBBing)). on California Northwestern
hallway. Hot mineral baths near by. Term*.
$1 per day and upward. PETEK GOUILHAR-
POU.r lessee. • -.
riMDTAVIflD Cottages, camplnsr. fishing;
CAlflr lAlLUK z> miles from S. F.: in the
redwoods. Call Traveler office. 20 Montgomery
street, or address H. O. MARTIN. Proprietor.
Mogt &
Tho larsrest and' oldest Champagne
House in the world. ' .
White Seal (Grande Cuvec") of -'ex-
ceptional bouquet and dryncss.— Court
Yournal. i '&IbHMBWHBHSU0I
WILLIAM W0LTF * CO.. Psolfls C«ftst Agents,
329 Market 8t., Bin Translsso.-OLD MAN IS SUSPECTED
OF DEALING DEATH BLOW
death. Dr. Lagan reported the case to
Coroner Lcland. who sent Deputies Smith
and Brown to investigate. Detectives
Tom Gibson and Archie Hammel were
detailed by Captain Seymour for the
same purpose. As a result of their in
vestigations the aged capitalist was ar
rested and the body ! of his wife was
taken to the Morgue.
Owing to the misguided efforts of the
Gibney family, to protect the old man,
the investigation was made under great
difflcultles. Mrs. Gibney, who was very
free with her tongue before the death of
Mrs. ttadger occurred,- refused absolute
ly to give the detectives any Information.
She denied possessing any knowledge of
the affairs of the Badgers, and referred
the officers to her husband, who proved
equally as obstinate, and disclaimed iiav
;np any knowledge of the supposed quar
rel.
Fred Rafchen, proprietor of the gro
cery More at 1223 Lnguna street, nnd
William Nlcmun, his clerk, admit
stanching the flow of blood from the
wound over Mrn. Badger's eye, but
claim to know nothing of the manner in
which the cut vim inflicted.
lJadg'-r has been on avnpree fnr the
lant two week* nnd when am-nted wan
ntupidly drunk. In reply to the do
tcctivcn' question* he mumbled that no
: ' There ¦ are' 111,000 ' policemen •' in- London, 1
;•* Tho man who is afraid to think'for. him
eelf should acquire a wife.-, .
Junior Order.
General George A. Custer Council of the
Junior Order of. United American Me
chanics "had an interesting meeting last
week. Five applications were present
ed, after which, eleven - strangers were
Initiated into the mysteries of the order.
After the business there was an adjourn
ment to an adjacent hall, where an enjoy
able banquet was partaken of and there
were addresses by State Councilor Dr.
George H. Derrick, Henry P. Dalton. Pro
fessor C. E. Merwin and T. W. Robinson.
This council will have an entertainment
and dance on the evening of the 4th of
June under the direction of the eommitt'»e
on entertainment, consisting of I* C. Sha
nan, J. P. Thomas and George CaJvert. -
RECOMMENDS EXCLUSION .
OF JAPANESE LABOR
They Work for Such Small Pay That
They Are Displacing the
Chinese.
DENVER. May 27.— The "Western Feder
ation of Miners and its ally, the Western
Labor Union, assembled here in joint con
vention tnis morning and will continue
their deliberations in separate sessions
throughout the week. About 175 dele
gates, representing every State (and Ter
ritory west of the Missouri River and
British Columbia, were present at the
Joint meeting, which was called to order
by Edward Boyce, president of the West
ern Federation. Addresses of welcome
were made by Governor Orman and Mayor
"Wright and responses by President Boyce
and President Daniel McDonald of the
unions.
Matters of vital importance to Western
vrorkingmen. Including the Cqeur d'Alene
mining troubles and the question of cheap
labor from, the Orient, will be discussed.
The Chinese exclusion act expires May 5,
19(S. and the conventions will recommend
its renewal, as well as the adoption of
meaturcs to exclude the Japanese.
"The exclusion of the Japanese is more
important than the legislation against the
Chinese," said President McDonald.
"These people are willing to labor for
such small pay that they are actually dis
placing Chinese."
A speech was also made by Lieutenatn
Governor Coates of- Colorado. "The goal
for which we are striving," said he, "is
the entire abolition of the wage system.
We want better conditions in the shops
to-day, better education to-morrow, and
then we want all that we can produce. We
want It ail for ourselves. • -
"The president of the billion-dollar steel
trust declares that organized labor denies
opportunities to labor. That is untrue.
Big combinations like his deny opportu
nity to labor."
At the conclusion of the speech Vice
President Boyce appointed Thomas Nich
ols, C. F. Derusha, Frederick Sharp,
Thomas Esltck and "A. J. Horn a commit
tee on credentials. _ - - ¦ •• *
DEATH'S HARVEST IN YOJLO.
Three Citizens of the County Pass to
the Beyond
WOODLAND, May 27.— Harvey Clinton
Gafye, farmer, banker and prominent Ma
son, 1 died last night. The, funeral will
take place at 2 o'clock to-morrow.
The Rev. J. H. Storms, pastor of the
Baptist church, died in this city this
morning. The body will be taken to Los
Angeles to-morrow for burial.
Taylor Ridley, a native of Alabama, €3
5'ears old and for forty years a resident
of Yolo County, died in Dunnigan last
night.
. The output of coal in "Washington State
for 1900 was about 2,200,000 tons.
HAVANA, ..May. 27. — By unanimous
agreement the Cuban Constitutional Con-
Amendment to Be Accepted.
AGED COUPLE WHOSE QUAR
REL ENDED IN DEATH OF
THE WIFE.
Order of Amerlcufl.
Berkeley Council of the Order of Amerl«
cus at its last held mtetlnff tendered a
reception to ths members of San Fran
cisco Council und presented a class of can
dldatesforthe degree team of tho visiting
council to initiate. After the degree had
been conferred there was a programme
of entertainment that included vocal se
lections by the Golden State Quartet of
male voices, selections by the Mandolin
Club under direction of Walter Clarkson.
recitations, and at half past 10 a supper
in honor of the visiting members of the
order, who greatly appreciated the hospi
tality of the entertaining council. ,
Friends of the Forest;
America Council of the Friends of the
Forest has arranged for an apron and
necktie party for the 15th of June In Oc
cidental Hall, In the building on Larkin
street formerly occupied by the flupreme
Court.
Lincoln Lodge had a pleasant "at home"
In its hall last week. The unpleasant
weather kept away a number who usual-,
ly attend the functions of this lodge, but
those who did attend had an enjoyabl-j
evening. '';¦ • .'.
The Supreme Lodge "of this. order will
meet on the 4th of June in annual session.
Daughters of Liberty.
The grabbag party given by California
Council of the Daughters of Liberty last
week was a sreat success and j one
of the most enjoyable of the many so
cial functions this very much alive organ
ization has given. After the grabs there
was dancing till 11 o'clock. The function
was managed by Laura Cantus, Minnie
Sproul, . Etta Crawford: Marguerite
Thomas and George Ltittle.
Two new councils are to be mstituted
during the first week of June — one In Oak
land and the other in Pasadena.
government there are citizens of the
United States within the meaning of the
Civil Service rules. Expenses have been
cut in all directions to enable the estab
lishment of the examination system in
both Hawaii and Porto Rico when the
j citizenship question is settled by the Su
i preme Court.
i There were 1390 appointments made In
I the ereneral departmental service, of
which 500 were to comparatively insig
nificant places.
The report instances some frauds dis
covered in examinations, resulting in
barring offenders from future examina
tions, and says it is now well-nigh Im
possible for collusion to occur without
"leaving 1 Its ear marks and being- followed
by summary punishment. The report
makes a plea for more examiners and for
ample facilities to renew systematic in
struction of local boards of examiners.
did not know 'what happened.
Mrs. Badger was a native of Ireland,
where she was born about fifty years
ago. She was Badger's second wife, and
was a most • . estimable woman, the
neighbors say. 7"»
A MAN 7b yearn nf ago was
brought to th« City Trlnon lust
nlRht. where h« will bo held
pf-ndliiK nn Investigation Into
the caui»c of his wife's death,
which is supposed to hove been caused
hy n blow from n stick wielded by him.
Jnrnr* Hndper ii< the name of the aged
pu*P"Ct. Ho i» a retired expressman, and
PO??cffos real estate valued at >30,000.
"With hl5 wife he resided at 1221 La»una
Ptreet. Lnst Wednesday evening Mrs.
Badger entered the grocery etore over
nhlch the couple resided. She was bleed
ing from a cut over the eye. The wound
was dressed by the clerk and Dr. Lagan
wa? summoned.
Mrs. Badger went to the residence of
James A. Gibney at 1339 Laguna street,
where she was attended by the physician
named. She remained there over night
and returned home the* next morning.
Mrs. Badger in eonversstion with Dr.
I agan informed him that her husband
had struck her with a stick and then
thrown a piece of wood at her. This she
nfterward denied in tho presence of Dr.
Lngan and her husband.
The wound was not a serlcas one. and
recovery seemed certain when erysipelas
pet in and in three days caused her
FEDERAL CIVIL
SERVICE REPORT
Successful Candidates
Placed in General
Departments.
WASHINGTON. May 27.— The annual
report of Chief Examiner. A. R. Serven,
of the C:\-il Service Commission, was
made public to-day. It shows that dur
irs the year ending June 33, 1900. 43,641
persons took the competitive examina
tions for original appointments to the
classified sen-ice. There were also 24S peo
ple examined r.on-competrtively, for ex
cepted place. There were 409 different
kinds of examinations involving llbS op
portunities for the assembling of com
petitors at places widely distributed
li-.-oughout the States and Territories.
The report says that general examina
tions in Porto Rico have been somewhat
delayed because of the uncertainty
whether the "people of Porto Rico" as
denominated by the act establishing civil
vctntlon ha* »i«riiVii to title* * final vr>i« en
Ihf iM'oiptimrr ot tli<» l 'in tt funaniJint nt to
mori'ow, lint AonH«rvfit|vmi rlnlm thnt
the Plait nm«n«1m«tit will h<« nrcptou by
tha convention by u vote >>t 17 to if.
Ho%n Capture a British Foft
LONDON. May ».-Th« Time* publlnhM
th«t following from Crndock. dnted May 27:
"Krltzfllngcr'i Invndnr* of Cfip#» Colony
rnpttm-fi a Hrltlnh pont nt forty-one men
near Murali»bur« after a stout resistance."
Disabled Vessel Towed
to Victoria for
Repairs.
/Special Dispatch to The Call.
VICTORIA, B. C.;May 27.-The United
States revenufl cutter U.S. Grant haa
been flpated. She was lifted off the rocks
in Enanich Inlet yesterday afternoon and
taken in tow by the cutter Perry and the
tug Mystery. She was hauled out this
afternoon on the ways ' here for repairs.
Her injuries are confined to her hull, but,
there, being a number of holes, many new
plates will be placed in her.
On the arrival of the Grant here to-day
it waa learned that it was due to the de
sire on the part of Captain Tozier to add
to his collection of Indian curios that the
Grant went into Saanlch Inlet, a body of
water seldom freauented and not more
than fifteen miles from Victoria. There Is
a deserted village of the Malahath Indians
there, and a few days before the ' Grant
started on her cruise word waa sent to
an officer of one of the ships at Esqui
mau, a collector • of Indian totems and
other curios, that there was a fine collec
tion at the Malahath village for sale. * I
Captain Tozier Jearned of this- and when
the Grant, left here she proceeded to Saa
nich Inlet, where Captain Tozier hoped to
procure the collection. "Unfortunately,
the Grant - ran upon the rocks which lie
opposite the village and was almost lost.
Had she slipped but five feet farther for
ward she would have glided - right over
the rock and foundered. She was lifted
from the rock at high tide on Saturday
ahd towed here by the Perry. •
CUTTER GRANT
OFF THE REEF
York. The decision was rendered on be
half of the majority of the court by Jus
tice-Brown,' tho opinion being: concurred
in by all the Justices except Justices Me-
Kenna,. Shiras and White. The decision
hung upon the case coming from the
State of New York, Involving the levying
of $13,000 in duties on goods imported Irom
Porto Rico into the United States, the
collection having been sustained by the
¦lower court. In effect the decision vas
that territory acquired by : the United
States is a part of the; United States and
not foreign territory and that such import
duties could not be levied. ;Thp decision
of the lower court was reversed. •
Justice Brown announced in the beRin
ning of his decision that tho court un
doubtedly has Jurisdiction in this case. He
said the case raised the single question
whether territory acquired by the United
States by cession from a foreljrn power
remained a. "foreign country" within the
meaning: of tiro tariff laws, and added:
The queBtlon involved in this case is not
whether the sugars were Importable articles
under the tariff laws, but whether, coming ai
they .Jiii, from a port alleged to be domentic,
they w*re Imported from a foreign country— In
other word», whether they were imported i»t
all as that word is defined in Woodruff vs.
Parhara. We think the decision In the Fneh-Mt
race Is conclusive to the effect that, If the
question l»/ wli.'thi-r the NUftars were Imported
or not, fueh qu»-Htlon could not b« ralH«d lit
fore the Hoard ot General .Appraisers, and that
whether they were imported merchandlfe for
the reasons riven In the Ffimiott rase that a
vessel Is not an Importable article, or bei.-niiH*
the merchandise was not brought from it for
eign country, Is Immaterial, In elthor oaea tbn
arti:la In not Imported, i
Adequate Remedy Supplied.
CmcMIng, then, that icrtlon '.'Ml ha* hern
rep*al«<1 nvrt that no ifiiimly i-xlrin uti'lT th»
cimn** Hiimliilf.iniilvf net, iloi'n It follow that
no aiTlon whatever wlll<ll«7 If thero |>* an
Bti>-ni|ii"l v/ronv tho court* will loolc fnr to
»uii{)ly en fi<leaua(« r«m«rty. If on nntlrm \ny
•t. common law th« repeal nf portion* I'M itml
3011 rcffulntlnir procwdinK* In rustomn <¦«*•'»
(tliwt In, tumlnir upon th* rlnN«lnVatkin »' nier
fhRnrtlM) tf meUe v/ny for HiHJth«r prormilin*
bftfore Mi" 1 1< hi M of Onnfritl Ajiprwin^ra In th»
Kftmo Hum nf I'likcw, did not ritfttrny iiny rlffht
fjf notion that might hnvn fxlntp*<4 flu to other
thin Miptrim* en** 1 *, uw\ th« fact I hit hy sec
tion M no' Colluptor nhall tie ll»hl« for or on
account of any rtillnns or dwlNlmm an to tlie
' Ifip-Hfli'hilun of xiioii nwrhnniiliw or Inn »lui !»•*»
fhari»t»<1 thereon, or th* collnotlun of «ny tlui-M,
fhiruM or rtiitlPN'on oi- on Hiwnint of nny
Much nirii'liiiiiitiNir; or iniy oilier niiniir whir;li
tits importer mlplit Imve itrmiKlu Mfor* fli»
UtiinA nt 'Ifiicnil A|i|pinI*<in iit.i-h not ffolilct
ih" ilidii whlcli the nwimr of tha iiht<'IimihIIn«
ttiluht |i«v» (lanlnm th* <:n\\*nnr In cuhcx not
rmiiiift within tlt# runv<um ndrnlnUiriitlvoi hcI.
If III" position Of lli.''<loVrillll.«M!l ||0 I'tiirt'cl,
<h» flnl'illff would l>« KMiiMiiiirrxj utul If ft
Collector kpIk.iiM nmikii - Miirl hold for iIihI-m
Kfiodn hrouKht from Spw urlfmid or wny othrr
concpdpdly dotitfctio Kirt to N«w Vnrk, thflrc
would tin no Mslliod of tPittlnv hid rlidit <u
niiilm Niifti Wjnitx. It Ik Imrdly |'on»IIiIp that
the owner could b» plitcad In tliln pnultlun.
After citing numaroiia opinion* and mi
thorltlrv in nhow thnt thu nctloti ol Hi"
plaintiff* in error wiih properly brought,
the court lioldn thnt "whethiu' tliena uir-
Bopb of nUKtr wore nubject to duty du
peiidn uoMy upon tho quentlon wholher
l'orto Wco wn» a foreign country ill the
time the sugar \vn« Hhlpped, tinea the
tHriff net of July 24, 1807, commonly known
as the Dlngley net, doclfiren that 'ihore
Hhnll be levied, collected nnd paid, upon (til
articles Imported from foreign countries'
certain dulled therein specified. A forolgn
country was dellned by Chief Justice Mar
shall and Justice Story to be one exclus
ively within the sovcrei«nty of a forolirn
nation and without the sovereignty cf tho
United States.
Status of Porto Bico.
"The Btatus of Porto Rico was thlli: The
island had been for some months under
military occupation by the United States
as a conquered country, when, by the t>ec
ond article of the treaty of peao» between
the United States and Spain, Piened 1ir->
cemEer 10, 1808, and ratified April 11, 1899.
Spain ceded to the United States the
island of Porto Rico, which has ever since
remained in our possession and nas been
governed and administered by us. If the
case depended solely upon those facts and
the question were hxoadly held whether a
country which had been ceded to us, the
cession accepted, possession delivered "anil
the Island occupied s and administered,
without interference by Spain or any
other power, was a foreign country or do
mestic territory, it.woul^ seem that there
could be as little hesitation : in answertnR
this question as there w»uld-be in deter
mining the ownership of a house deeded
in fee simple to a purchaser who had ac
cepted the deed, gone into possession, paid
taxes and made improvements without let
or hindrance from his vendor. But It is
earnestly insisted by the Government that
it never could have been the intention of
Congress to admit Porto Rico into a cus
toms union with the United States.. and
that, while the island may be to a certain
extent domestic territory, it still remains
a 'foreign country' under the tariff laws
until Consrress has embraced it within the
general revenue system."
At great length the court then discussed
similar Cases arising from previous ac
quisitions of territory by ,the United
States, reviewing very fully former de
cisions of the court involving cases such
as are presented in this case. The pos
sessions ' in connection with which the
main auestion involved in thl3 'case^haa
arisen are Louisiana, Florida, Texas, Cal
ifornia and Alaska, Each case was taken
up in order and, analyzed minutely.
As to Foreign Countries.
The court then presented Its conclusions
in the following language:
" As showing- the construction put upon this
question by the legislative department, we
need only to add that section 232 of the For
aker act makes a distinction between foreign
countries and . Porto Rico, by enacting that
the same, duties shall be paid . upon . Vail, ar
ticles imported into Porto Rico from ports
other than "those of the United States, which
are required by law to be collected upon ar
ticles imported into the United States from
foreign countries." • .
From this resume of the decisions of this
court the instructions of the executive depart
ments \ and the above act of Congress, .it is
evident that, from 1803, the date of Mr. Gal
latin's letter, to this present time, there is
not' a shred of authority, except the dictum
in Fleming- vs. Page, for holding- that a dis
trict ceded to and In the possession of the
United States remains for any purpose a for
eign country. Both these conditions must ex
ist to produce a change of nationality for rev
enue purposes. Possession Is not alone suf
ficient, as was held in Fleming vs. .Page, nor
is a treaty ceding- such territory sufficient
•without a surrender of possession. Tne prac
tice of the executive departments, thus con
tinued for more than half a century, is en
titled to srreat weight and should not be dis
regarded nor overturned except for cogent rea
sons and unlees it be clear that such con
struction' be erroneous. .
If this were placed as an original question we
should . be compelled Irresistibly to the same
conclusion. By article XI of section 2 the
President is given power "by and with .the
advice and consent of the Senate, to make
treaties, provided that. two-thirds of the Sena
tors present concur.", and by article VI. "this
constitution and the laws of the United States
which sh3ll be made in pursuance thereof, and
all treaties ¦ made • or which shall be made,
under the authority of the United States shall
be-the supreme lawof the land." • ,,V
It will be observed that no distinction Ms
marie as to the question of supremacy between
laws, and treaties, except that both are con
trolled by the constitution. A law requires the
assent of both houses of Congress; and, ex
cept in certain specified cases, the signature
of the President. A treaty Is negotiated and
made by the President, with the concurrence
of two-thirds of the Senators present, .but eacii
of them is> the supreme law of the land. ¦ I
As if by Annexation.
One of the ordinary incidents, of a treaty Is
the cession of territory. It is not too nfuch to
say it is the rule, rather than ¦ the exception,
that a. treaty of. peace, following upon a war,
provide for a cession of territory to the victo
rious party. The territory thus acquired Is ac
quired as absolutely as if the annexation were
made as In the case of ,. Texas and Hawaii by
an act of Congress.
It follows from this that by ratification of the
treaty of Paris the island became territory of
the United States — although not an- organized
Territory in the technical sense of the word.
.It Is true Chief Justice Taney held, In Scott
vs. Sandford that the territorial clause of the
constitution was confined and then tended to be
confined to the territory which at that time
belonged to or was claimed by the United States
and was within their boundaries, as settled by
that treaty. with Great Britain and waa not in
tended to apply to territory, subsequently, ac
quired. He seemed to (lifter in this construc
tion from Chief Justice Marshall who. In speak
ing of Florida before it became a State, re
marked that It continued to be a Territory of.
the United States, governed by the territorial
oLnuse of the constitution. ' . •
, But whatever be the source of this power its
uninterrupted exercise by CongTess for a cen
tury and the repeated declarations of this court
have settled the law that the right to acquire
territory involves the right to govern and dis
pose of it. Indeed, it it, scarcely too mschto
say that thero has not been a session of Con
gress since the Territory of Louisiana was pur
chased that that body has not enacted legisla
tion based upon the assumed authority to kov
er nand control the territories. It is an author
ity which arises not necessarily from the ter
ritorial clause., of the ; constitution, but from
the necpEB6lti«s of the case and from the Inabil
ity of the States -to act upon the subject. Under
this power Congress may deal : with territory
WASHINGTON, May 27.— Justice Brown!
announced that the court, following- the'
authority of the De Lima case, reversed
the judgments of the court below, in the
cases of Goetz vs. the United States and
Crossrnan vs. the .United "States, both
brought here >f roni the United . States |
Court of th« Southern District of New"
York. .: ¦-.¦./. ¦ ¦/ : ,: ' ' . . .' ', V. V
In the Goetz case "a duty levied on an
importation of tobacco: from » Porto ftlco
into the United States on June 6, 1S99, af
ter the ratification of -the peace treaty
and f before the . t passage of - the Porto
Rlcan act, ,was involved, and also in the
Crossman case the levy of a duty on an
Importation of liquor from Hawaii (nto
the United States, in April, 1900, after >the
passage of the Hawaiian annexation reso
lution and before the 4 taking effect of
the 'act providing a government for Ha
waii.' In each case the board of general
appraisers held the importation dutiable,
and In each case the decision was , re
versed. .** ,
The court then • passed oh th© case of
Dooley vs.' The United States, being an
fiction brought to recover duties paid un
der protest at San Juan, on importations
from New York between July 25, 1898, and
May 1. 1900. The first question was
whether this action, being to recover back
money from the United States, should not
have been brought in the Court of Claims,
but the court held that "it was properly
brought before the United States District
Court for Southern New York. court
said the duties . assessed were of , three
classes, those levied under General- Miles'
order extending the Spanish regulations
pending further action; 'those prescribed
by 'the, commander in? chief,-. the Presi
dent, tmtir the cession; of the island,, and,
third,: those subsequently; levied. The
court said there could be no doubt as to
the lawful- exaction • of duty. under- the
war, power. While- the .treaty of peace
was signed" December 12, 1S9S, it did not
talce effect until : ratification. The author
ity of the Spanish Government: was su
perseded,', but ; the r necessity.: for '.the rev
enue did not cease. The- Government
Additional Decisions in Line
With the De Lima
-¦ ¦ ¦ '¦¦ V • -Case.;:-' '.-••-•: ¦
acquired by treaty; may, administer Its govern
ment as It does that ot the District of Colum
bia: it may organize a local territorial govern
ment; H may admit It as a State upon an
equality with other'States; it may veil its pub^
lie lands to Individual citizens, or may donate
them as homesteads to actual settlers." In
short, when once acquired by treaty. It belongs
to the United States and Is subject to the dis
position of Congress. - * . ¦¦>¦¦¦ ,
Territory thus acquired can remain a foreign
country under the tariff laws only upon one o(
two theories: Either that the word "foreign"
applieR to such countries as were foreign at tho
time theistatute was enacted, notwithstanding
any subsequent ¦ change In their condition; or
that they remain foreign under the tariff laws
until Congress • has formally embraced them
within the customs union of the States. The
first theory Is obvlouoly untenable. While at
statute Is presumed. to speak from the time of
Its enactment. It embraces all such persons or
things as subsequently fall within Its scope.
Thus,' a statute forblddir.fr the sale of liquors
to minors upplles not only to minors In exist
ence at the time the statute was enacted, but
to oil who are subsequently born, and ceases to
apply to such as thereafter reach their major
ity, Bo, when the constitution of the United
States declares In article I section 10 that the
Htntes shall not do certain things, this declara
tion operates not only upon the thirteen orig
inal States but upon all which subsequently be
foni" Mich;' and when Congress places certain
restrictions upon the powers. of a Territorial
legislature, euth restrictions ceasa to operate
the moment mieli Tnrrltory Ih admitted as a
State Uypnrlty of n»a*oriini? ft country ceases
to be foreign the Instant It becomes domestic.
Ho, too, If Congress »een fit to cede one of in
n«\vly acquired Territories (*ven assuming thnt
It had tho rlflht to ,iln ho) to. a foreign bower
thfro could be no doubt that from the- day of
puch ocssion and tlu> .]«:llv*-ry of poxtesHlon,
(*uch Territory woijld Iji'ccmn n forelKn rrmntry
and be reinstated at( «««•¦». undT tlir> tariff luws.
Certainly no act of Congress would b<t nenoM*
cnry In sncli rano to ilfolurfi that thn Inws of
ll.A ITnll'-d HIhKh Imd '¦• nr-f.l to apply to It,
Ccenlon Mnkes It Domestic.
Tho thtJory Hint o country r<-roa!nit ror«l*n
with forcpect to th» fnrlff luw» until i?onKr»M
Ivin ui'H'ii by I'liiliriiHiut It within tho fluiunrr*
union jtreMU'r";*' 1 '' •'"•' *' country mny \>»
domfirtU' fi/r on* iiunma* nnrl forwlun for
jinntinT, it may univiulitcdly liecomn n*vfm*nry
fur thn adcfiunte nilinlnlNtrfttlon nf n anmntiv
tprrltory to nun! a cimclnl net providing the
proiiar nmchlnTy ninl atflreru, u» tM« l'r»»l»
"li'iii wi.iilii Imvii mm dutli'irliy (•xcopt iiiwler »h«
«¦«!• nowfr tti n<1mlnl«t«r It hlirmlf, .but no
act In ntewmry to mulw It <iom*Nt|g territory
If rmen It tut* lie&n twrturt to th« UnUtrt Ht«t»r».
Wo i»n"fn ti'i nplnlnn nn to whether iUmgrftw
In bound to i!|i|trip(i(lut«i He- nianoy to pny for
If, TI'Ih linn IjM'O rnuclv dlHauiimd \iy wrltom
upon ranntltiilli'tiiil \nw, but It In not ii>'">^niiy
(() rOriMilnir lit llllM UMUt, f\* I'uMKleiSH fMllil"
tirompt nriprMpi'lutlun nt thn tntmty xiii'Ulni*il
In Hi" Im-iii*. Thlx UiH'iry nlno imnnvrifimn
that tPrrltoiy inny Im held Indefinitely \jy lliti
lfnlt<»il muitm flittt ft »my li» ti-mited In tvfty
imrlli'iiUr imenpl for tariff iwrpoMM «n (li>tn«H<
ilo tfrrltnry; Dint, lawn m«y l>« ennrtsd and
i itfipii-cil l.y Mfiiii'Mt of Dm United titAtue M«ni
tic T" i'T iimt i>iui"/i.Mi ii. m inmuiTfiitlniiM nmy
I"' HIUililKCWii, WHIM (7iri'l"il 011, IfVnillli'M <•"!•
• i"»'K'd, inxi'M iiu'winMiii in Kimi'i, iimt <ivery«
ttiliiK iiikv in< il'in" which » cmvki ttiiM'iti run
do within Hit own liouminrlM. . and yi-i ilmi
tlm tprrltory nhnll rcmnln a for#l*n country!
thnt tlilM Mint" of thliiKM rn/ty enntltiuo for
ynirn, fir n t'»'itiiry nvcu, hut thnt unlcxM Ccn<
urvf-ii niMriM MirVrwiAM It Mt 111 rctnnlrtM it for*
cIkh vcunlry. To hold thnt thin can lit don*)
nn n innttpr of Ihw w« de«m to \* puro Judl«
clnl iPKlnlntlon. Wb find no warrmit for It In
tin? r<(inxtittitlan or In th* power* ounf#rre<l
iii.f ,n HiIm rutiii. ft In true (tie non-nation of
Cotigrrt-H tuny ocnulon n tflftiporury Inoonveni*
pnc»«, but It doe* not follow thnt courtu of
Judtlce urn authorized to remedy It by Invert
ing thw orpJImtry mwtnlnK of wordn.
If r.n net of Conrrcs* ba nprBusurj' to con
vert u fortlun country Jnto dofflpntlc territory
the ouMtlon nt once Kuescnts itMlf, whftt in
th« etinrarter of thfi lcitltlntlon dsmandt-d for
this purpose? Will nn net appropriating money
for its purchase be sufficient? Apparently not.
Will an uct appropriating the duties collected
upon Import* to and from nuch • country for
the benefit of its irovrrnmrnt be sufficient?
Apparently not. Will anis making appropria
tions for Its postal service, for the establish
ment of lighthouses, for maintenance of quar
antine stations, for erecting public, buildings
have thnt oJfect? Will an net establishing a
complete local government, but with the
reservation of a rlsht to collect duties upon
commerce, be adequate for that purpose? None
of these, nor all together, will be sufficient if
the contention of the Government be sound,
since acts embracing all these provisions have
been nassed In connection with Porto Rico,
and it is insisted that It la still a foreign
country within the meaning of the tariff laws.
W>» are unabla to acquiesce in this assumption
that a territory may be at the same time both
foreign and domestic.
Lower Court Is Reversed.
A, slnele further point remains to be con
sidered* 1 ¦ . ¦ ' ¦ - • ¦-"« '¦¦¦
It is insisted that an act of Congress passed
March 24, v - 19Q0 (SUfitat. .151). applying fcr the
'benefit of Porto = Rico' the amount of customs,
revtmue' received on importations by the United
States from Porto Rico since the evacuation
of Potto Rico by Spanish force* October 18.
1S98, to January 1, 1800,' together with any-fur
ther customs revenue)! ' collected on, importa
tions from Porto Rico since January 1, 1900.
or shall hereafter be under existing
law, is "a recognition by Congress of the riffht
to collect . such duties as upon importations
from a foreign country, and a recognition of
the fact that Porto Rico continued to be a
foreign country until Congress .embraced it
within customs union. . It may be seriously
questioned whether this Is anything more than
a recoenitlon of the fact, that there were
moneys !n the territory not subject t« exist
ing appropriation law. Perhaps we may go
further and say that so far as those duties
were r>ald.\ voluntarily and without protest,
the legftlity of the payment was intended. to be
recognized, but it can clearly have no retro
active effect as to moneys thereafter paid un
der protest for which an action to recover
back has already been brought. As this ac
tion in this case was brought March 13. 1900.
eleven days before the act was passed, the
right to recover the money sued for could not
be taken away by any- subsequent" act of Con
grefs. Plaintiff suea'in assumosit for money
which the collector has in his hands, justly
and equitably belonging to them. To say that
Congress could by a subsequent act deprive
them of tho right to prosscute this action
would be. beyond Its powers. .In any event,
it should not be interpreted so as to make it
REVERSE JUDGMENTS
OF THE COURT BELOW
We are, therefore, of the opinion that at the
time these duties were levied Porto Rico
was not a foreign country within the meaning
of the tariff laws; . but a Territory of. the
United States: that the duties were illegally
exacted and that the plaintiffs are entitled to
recover them back.
The juds-ment of the Circuit Court for the
Southern District of New York is, therefore, re
versed and tho case remanded to that court for
further proceedings in consonance with ' this
opinion. '¦ T - *
NEW YORK, May 27.— Frederick R.
Coudert Jr., who argued the cases of De
Lima "and Downes before the Supreme
Court, said: • - - v
"This De Lima decision affects only the
duties collected on Porto Rican products
previous .to the passage of the Foraker
act. We have covered the auestion of
duties collected since the passage of that
act by 'what is called the Downes case.
This Is an issue which we created to test
the constitutionality of the law."
• Speaking of the De Lima decision Mr.
Coudert said:
. "This case, I think I can say, is a his
tory making decision. It will have a bear
ing upon the position not only of Porto
Rico but of the Philippines and Hawaii as
well. It practically means that.this.Gov
ernment can have no such thine as col
onies in the sense that Great Britain has
them. ' Every inch of territory over which
the "nag;" floats must hereafter be consid
ered an integral part of the Union."
- Charles' .Frederick -Adams; or the' law
firm Of Coudert Bros., who prepared tne
case of De Lima, said: \
•-"If the court says the Foraker act Is
.right, then the constitutional question is
against us, "for. Congress has the power to
discriminate against ceded countries. In
that act a duty of 15 per cent of the Ding
ley tax was regarded .as legal on -goods
shipped from Porto Rico; but in the case
of Downes,it was brought up as a test
caee,' their duty being levied after -the
passage of the Foraker act." r %•
Naturally, members of tho firm 'of D.
A. de lima were flated by the decisions.
Said Mr. de Lima:
fOiir contention that Porto Rico sug-ar
was American sugar, and therefore not
dutiable,* has been sustained." •
¦ Another member of the firm said: ; :
"\V"e are much gTatifledto learn that a
great national "Question has flnally_ been
settled. Bince Porto Rico came under the
American flag the firm has paid under
protest duties amounting to a large sum,
which.. we understand, under the Supreme
Court's ruling, will have to be refunded."
W. J. Bryan's Opinion.
LINCOLN, Neb, May 27.— W. J. Bryan's
only opinion on the decision In the insular
cases was that it upheld the contention of
the Republicans in some respects and that
of the Democrats in • others. ¦; He said he
would not commit^himself further on, the
effect of the opinion until he had read the
full, text.' He hoped the constitution would
follow the flag. '¦ • ;
Engaged In Coastingr Trade.
; WASHINGTON, May 27.— The Supreme
Court i to-day decided what is known as
the." Huus 'caae,> involving. : the | question
whether vessels plying- between Porto
Rico and New York w«re engaged in the
coasting trade.' The ; court's decision' held
that; they, were so engaged.-
Like England.
Ooudert Says Government
Cannot Have Colonies
tian Work,
They Believe That the Play
• Is.Detrimental to Ohris^
The old controversy botween the minis
try'and the etasfe has cropped up agnln.
It was brought up this time nt the weekly
meeting of the Methodist Episcopal Min
isters' Union, which was held yesterday,
hnd the discussion was based on the
"Moral Influence of the Drama." After
a lon« discussion of tho subject it was the
consensus of opinion that attendance at
the theaters wan not conducive to ChriB
t!anlt;v " • <
A week ago Rev. J. N. Beard and Rev.
fi. J). Hutfllnplllcr, two. well known min
lr.tfr». of thlH city, brought up tho subject
at* the ministers' meeting. Thoir remarks
w<;re directly In point. Oth«*r buwlncua In
tervcnlnn, It wnu decided to poatpono dl»
cuwlou until yesterday. ¦
l{cv..John Thompson exprfiHuod hl» opin
ion that thero wu* no recUtemlnfr t>ntuns
in tho drnimt. Rev. H. M. Woodward riiIj}
Hint pcopln onRnRPd in Ohrlatlnn work
nhmjld not ottend the drama, a« It wa«
diHrirmmtul t» thorn. . ' ,.
H*v.- A. Hi KHKtfH delivered ft long tnlk
on thp nubjoet, Jim rtiacijHwcil It from tho
sundjiolnfof tho Influmfcn on thfl nctor,
¦and, necondlv, ltH'lnttu«nf« on thit nudl
nvo. Jlo »aul n man cuuinot not without
bHnff a liypo«rlt« and hurting hlnmoir.
«n ho. in actlfiu tho RflntlmontM whiflb >>«•
Ion* to HJjoth«r. H« stfitcd thnt a mnn
will net In thfl pulpit, nnd to explain thi»
MHU;mont »nld that fllo«iiwn«« In notlilni*
hut wood OfJtlnK. Mr. JJrlRKH expresHutt
JiIh opinion thnt thnr«i wan a dramwflc «!<»•
m«rit In all prot<i«intloti» of trufh, Jlo
admitted thaf thf-re w«r« n. mimn*r; of
imii'h coiriliiUiioH oil tllft HUiK't, Mi" JlVjPft
of whoHti mmnhtirn w«r* Irrtfjminehfthw,
but added thnt In a majority of ««»«« h»»
roold not <txi>r«'MN tli« nHtt)f> opinion. Mr.
liii,w, In cofuiitiiiliiK hlti mill, «nld that
hud Ik- Im-.'Ii united hi* opinion Of Him Magy
two y««urn ngo he would hnvo/ondeinned
it. but HlllC9 Ihnii ll» tlAH clllillH'"! Ill*
\ifiWH, , ¦
"W« ought to rnvlww our conolusldHN,"
ho nald, "and tlmro oiiBht to I mi an opon
tn\no In r«ferpric» lo i\w drnrna tin t(/
other »iue.»tlf»n«."
Itfiv. K. D, Uovnrd aloo spokn at lon«th
and in port i*uldi
"Hi l» a profcufllon that exnrcl««« and
protects dlMHlpatlon, It hits n dc'nterlouh
ffftct on thn mornl chnrftctor of tho pnrty
iiriliiK, heruiiMtt the fundamtftitul olomotitit
of blii proffHJdofi ara domlturtcd vvitu hi).
fltmufphcre of dissipation. It also has a
dnlntcriuus effect on thoHO who llMten on
ficcount of tho overestlmntlon of thg san
uatloiial clement In their nature, nnd it
producei) a superficial conviction on all
questions of character. Tho good element
In tho drama can never bo the predom
inntlnK Influence. Taken as a wnole, in
my opinion the drama can never be an
auxiliary to tho church."
must be carried on nnd there was no au
thority left but the military authority.
Tho most natural method of raising rev
enue was by continuing the Spanish dut
ies, Oeneral Miles, in adopting this meth
od, was fully Justified by laws of war.
Different considerations apply from the
date of notice of ratification of the treaty
of peace. Porto Rico then ceased -to be
foreign country, and the right of the Col
lector, to exact duties ceased with the
exchange of ratifications, though the
right to administer the government, of
course, continued. • ¦• ¦•¦-¦. : .v ¦•¦¦•
From the moment the United "States
ceased to be foreign country with respect
to Porto Rico . and until Congress acted
importations were free from levy of duty,
whether from one place to the other or
vice versa. In our opinion the authority
of the commander In chief ceased with the
ratification of the treaty of- peace, and the
right. to free entry of goods continued until
Congress constitutionally acted. The deci
sion for this reason will be reversed.
Justices Gray,' Shiras, White. and Mc-
Kenna dissented. The dissent was based
on the ground that Porto Rico does not
Ipso facto become a part of the United
States so far as the tariff laws are con
cerned the moment the treaty of pettce
was ratified. .' ¦ .'
• The case of Armstrong vs.- the United
States, Involving the' validity of a duty
assessed on goods shipped to Porto Rico
during military occupation, especially be
fore and partially after the ratification of
the treaty, >wa3 decided on the lines of the
Dooley case, the court dividing as In the
latter case.
SAYS THE DECISION
IS HISTORY-MAKING
Methodists Discuss Sub
% ject at Very Great' .'.
Length.
MORAL ELEMENT
OF THE DRAMA
Continued From Second Page.
DUTIES ILLEGALLY EXACTED
¦ ¦;.¦¦¦¦¦¦¦¦,¦ K...,. ¦ •.-...,. r .. ¦ - ¦ ', ' — ¦ -¦ .1 ¦ ¦ : - ' - ••.-•-• " "
THE SAN. FBAN.OIBOQ^CAIiliV- TUESDAY. ; MAY '28, 1901.
James Badger, Retired Capitalist, Held on Suspicion of
Having Caused His Aged Wife's Death by Striking Her
on the Head With a Stick During a Family Quarrel
9
GKAPE-NTJTS.
~1(NEW~THE WAY OUT. .
Made a Study of His Food.
It Is not always that the user of food
understands about that food, but a gentle-
man in Cincinnati writing about Grape-
Nutf expresses himself perfectly. Ha
says; "A business man devoting himself
to hard, mental labor, requires different
focd than a man doing muscular work. I
became aware of a dull, heavy feeling in
my head day by day. which did an un-
told damage to my work. Verdict, In-
testinal Indigestion; punishment, a severe
diet list, leaving out starchy foods, sugar
and fat.
"Up to this time, with the most precise
care In cooking, the ordinary breakfast
food tame to the table a pasty, starchy
mass. Added to that was sugar and
more or less white bread, which gave an
excess cf starchy food that could not be
digested. This Indigested mass passed
into the intestines, creating gas and all of
ihe distressing symptoms both of body
and brain.
"I was put on Grape-Nuts Food for the
reason that it is made of selected parts of
wheat and barley, thoroughly cooked -at
the factory, giving to the body the
starchy part of the food (which Is neces-
sary), predigested. that is, turned into
dextrose or grape sugar. This furnished
the sweet needed, without the use of cane
sugar, and gave me the starchy ' principle
of food already passed Into the second
condition, exactly in the same manner as
a healthy body digests It.
"After eatiQg Grape-Nuts for. a short
time I found a most remarkable improve-
ment in my health, and I also discovered
the reason why the claim made on the
package is true, that one pound of Grape-
Nuts, which is perfectly absorbed by the
body, will afford fkore nutrition than ten
pounds of meat, wheat or bread, imper-
fectly digested. I can assure any . one
that a week or ten days' conscientious
use of Grape-Nuts will prove far more
convincing testimony than . any written
words. I subscribe myself a gratefulcon-
Bumer. Please do not publish my name."
Any one who will write . to the Postum
Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle Creek, Mich., and
enclose stamp, can -be supplied with the
name and address.
OLD DOCTOR
¦y ;, This Is a Story With a Moral.
Once a young man met a wise old, doctor. The doctor was rich,
as doctors often get to be. The young man was poor,' as young men
often are; but he had studied hard arid had invented an' electric belt
which he thought was better than anything else in the world as a strength-
builder. He hoped some day to prove its value.
And .then he hoped to be as rich as the wise old doctor.
' The wise old doctor and the young man had known each other as
fellow-travelers for two whole days, and they were rather inclined to be
sociable, as fellow-travelers often are. ..
"1 would like to ask you, Doctor," said the young man, "why- it 13
that doctors as a rule are so bitter against my electric belt; why you
always condemn it, and discourage your* patients from using it^ Do you
mind giving me an honest answer to that question?"
."Why, my. dear boy," said the wise old doctor with, a fatherly smile, .
"that is a ridiculous question. Let us suppose that you and I ' owned
grocery stores on opposite corners; that I had a. good customer whom I
wished to keep, and that he asked me if I thought you sold better gro-
ceries than I .did, and at ?ower prices, do you think I would tell him you
did and advise him to trade with you?. No, my son; you don't think me
such a fool; v
"Doctors,: my boy, are doctors because it brings them a living, and
they are not going to lose'aigood customer if they can help it."
¦": '¦¦"• "But," .ventured the young man, "do you not know that my plan of
. e :"¦ — ¦-'- treatment has merit and that it . has made
He Wrsti'tLosing some remarkable cures even after -doctors
Any Patients I? He .have tried their best and failed? Do you not
Could Help It. ; .* acknowledge that, my belt gives a great force
j l ' • ' — — —*¦ of electricity into the body, and that after my
years of careful) study I should know how it ought to be applied?
Based on its actual -merit, ought not the doctors to recommend it for the
good of humanity?" ...
"Yes, yes, yes.- I concede all that, my son, but you forget that if we
acknowledge all* this to our patients we would be taking the bread out
of our. own mouths, and that we are not willing to do. I know of two
cases of my ; o\vn' patients who have used your" belt, and they have
spoken very highly of it; but you don't get any more of my patients if I
can help it." ' -
So said the wise old doctor,. and the young man agreed that he wa3
"up against it." • ! - ... . . * : \ ,
All of which suggests the moral : If you expect the people to recog-
nize the merit of your remedy you must "blow your own horn."
+ '--That's what I'm doing. -I will take any case of Rheumatism. Lame Back.
"Wasting Vitality.' Nervous, Debility, Varicoegle. or any weakness in men or
women under fa 'guarantee,' to:' cure "or no pay. My Electric Belt is tho best
in the world. - I take. the old style, turning kind In -part payment Call
¦or send for my. free book." ,".' -> y . , -.?"?'
DR! M. C. JMcLAUClhLlN^-
702 Market street, corner Kearny, San Francisco.,
THE TRICK.
Wffl/A TRICK may involve deceit or it may
IjPy be a display of peculiar skill. There
jUifrl is deceit in some soaps, but there is
none in Ivory Soap; it is a display of pecu-
liar skill. It will stand any test and can be
relied upon to do all that is claimed for it.
!" IVORY SOAP IS 09«Xfr PER CENT. PURE.
' ' v.r . i j*. : •Foreign Futures.
' TACOMA. May 27— WHEAT— Half a cent
higher. Blue Stem, 67%; Club, 59%o. "
PORTLAND, May 27.— WHEAT-Steady but
Inactive; Walla Walla, 59@60c. '
i Cleared — Ship Cypromene, for -Queenstown
with 105,359 bushels wheat. .'¦ :
¦ ¦ WASHINGTON. . '
OREGON.
PORTLAND, May 27.— Clearings, $324,211; bal
ances, $57,355.
Northern Wheat Market.
Portland's Business.
NEW YORK, May 27.— Cotton futures closed
steady at 2 points lower. , /
New York Cotton Market.
NEW YORK, May 27.— Tin was dull to-day.
The market ruled- quite featureless. The ask
ing rate on tin was reduced 25 points as ' an
inducement to buyers, but this failed to bring
about any business to speak of, and the close
was dull at 28@2S%c. Lake copper was dull
at $17 for Lake and $16 62% for casting. Lead,
dull at 4%c. Spelter, uull at 3.95@4c. Pig
iron warrants, dull at $9 50@10 50.
New York Metal Market.
NEW YORK, May 27.— The visible supply of
grain Saturday, . May 25, ae . compiled by the
New York Produce Exchange is as follows: •
Wheat, 40,064,000 bushels; decrease, 434,000
bushels. Corn, 15,320,000 bushels; decrease,
593,000 bushels. Oats, 10,438,000 bushels; de
crease, 286,000 bushels. Rye, 699,000 bushels;
decrease, 163,000 bushels. Barley, 1,061,000
bushels; increase, 143,000 bushels. : .. •-*• --;
Visible Grain Supply.
CHICAGO, May 27.— CATTLE— Receipts, 25,
000. All classes strong . and active. Steers.
$4 25® 6; stockers and feeders, $3 50@5 10; cows
and heifers, $3@3 10:. bulls.' $3@4 40; calves. $4®
6 25; Texas fed steers, $4 25(g 5 40; bulls. $2 75
@3 90.
HOGS — Receipts, 45.000. ! Weak. closing
stronger. Mixed and butchers', $5 60@5 85;
heavy. $5 55@5 85; light, $5 50@5 77%.
SHEEP— Receipts. 24,000. Sheep and year
lings, steady; wooled, slow. Wethers, $3 40@
4 60; Western sheep, $3 45@3 60; yearlings, $4 50
04 75; native lambs, $4 25@5 75;. Western lambs,
$5@5 75.
Chicago Livestock Market.
Wheat— May. July-Aug.
Opening
Closing Holiday.
Flour —
Opening
Closing Holiday.
Wheat— July. Sept.
Opening
Closing .'. Holiday.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days....... — $4 86 ' ;
Sterling Exchange, sight... — . 4 89U
Sterling.Cables — .. 490
New York Exchange, sight....... — ,, 1214
New York Exchange, telegraph.." — / 15
Silver, per ounce — ' , 59%
Mexican Dollars, nominal ....- 49%' @ 50
Exchange and Bullion.
Wheat and Other Grains.
WHEAT— It was a holiday at Liverpool and
Paris. The world's shipments > for the week
were as follows, in quarters:' Russian, 235,000;
Danubian, 133,000; Argentine, 105,000. - • ,'¦
The American visible- supply decreased 2,434,
000 bushels. \.
Chicago was firm but dull. . Offerings were
light Kansas City wired numerous reports of
damage by, dry .weather and Hessian fly. The
recent frosts. In the West did no damage. The
weather all over the West Is" cool and clear
which is favorable for Wheat. f ¦. ..'..:- ,
This market was dull and unchanged. \
Spot Wheat— Shipping. 97fcc; milling, $10
1 02% per. ctl.
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— December— 4000
ctls. $103V4: "' ¦ ' - - : •:
Second Session— December— 12,000 ctls, $1 03V1.
Regular Morning - Session— December — 40d0
Ctls,.$l 03U: : i\ ..- .. - ¦
Regular Afternoon Session— December— 14,000
ctls. $103%; :.-.<•; ¦
BARLEY— The market continues dull , at tho
old quotations. -' • '¦-¦¦¦ ¦ ,': ..
• Feed, -73c for. No. 1 and - 70@72i/4c " for off
grades : Brewing and : Shipping grades, so@85c ;
Chevalier, nominal. ' . ¦-..; EfaSitJss
CALL BOARD SALES. ••
Informal Session— 9:15 o'clock— No sales.
. Second Session — No sales. ¦:-¦'. . -
, Regular. . Morning Session— December— 2000
ctls,--70%c. . - : :'¦¦'':'¦¦ ¦:¦¦; /..-.¦¦-.>-
Regular Afternoon Session— No sales. ' .
¦ OATS— The market continues inactive. : White,
$1 37V4@1 65;. Surprise, nominal; Red. $1 S5@l 45;
Black. $1 17%@1 30 pert ctl. - ¦ ¦; -- ¦¦•.- > v -: .;
CORN— Small, round ' Yellow,* Jl 50; Eastern
' NEW YORK, May 27.— FLOUR— Receipts,
25.178 barrels; exports, 27,755. Steady but dull.
WHEAT— Receipts, 230,700. bushels; exports,
3C9.261. Spot, firm; No. 2 red 82Hc f. o. b.
afloat and 72% c. elevator; No. 1 Northern Du
luth. 84%c f. o. b. afloat; No. 1 hard Duluth,
91%c f. o. b. afloat Options were, generally
firm all day on scattered crop damage reports,
strength in the West and light speculative
offerings, good seaboard clearances, covering
and a bullish visible supply statement. Closed
firm at 54c net advance. May, 80(g,80Vic, closed
S0«ic: July. 78%®79 3-16c, closed 79c; September,'
75 1-16©76 3-16c, closed 76%c
HOPS— Quiet. ..J- •
HIDES— Steady.
WOOL— Quiet.
COFFEE— Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice
6 l-16c: mild, dull; Cordova, 8%@12&c. Fu
tures closed net unchanged to 5 points higher.
Total sales. 13.500 bags, including ¦ May and
June, $5 40; July, $5 50; August, $5 55;,Septem
ber. $5 63; December, $5 85.
SUGAR— Raw. firm but quiet: fair refining,
3%c; centrifugal, C6 test, 4 9-32c; molasses
sugar. 3VzC; refined, . quiet.
¦¦ < BUTTER— Receipts. 42,421 packages. Steady
to firm; creamery. 15@19c; factory, ll@13^c
EGGS— Receipts, 14,200 packages. Western
ungraded, ll%@12^c;do selected, 13@13%c.
, DRIED FRUITS. .
NEW YORK, May 27.— Evaporated apples,
New York Grain and Produce.
LOCAL MARKETS.
NEW YORK. May 27.— To-day's business in
the stock market, was the smallest for any
full d2>- since the Presidential election. There
was nothing in the market to indicate any out
pide interest, either speculative or investment.
The bond market • shared in the dullness. In
the general run of stocks professional traders
made iutile attempts to force a movement of
prices, but in covering their contracts the
movement was undone. There was a slight
hardening of prices early In sympathy with
the movement in Tobaccos, followed by a period
of weakness. There was a general hardening
again bstore the close. Recoveries were not
complete in the general list and losses are the
iule in stocks that were traded in. The move
ment tii tobacco stocks was the only thing
•worthy of special notice in the day's trading.
It was unexplained and the movement came
to a halt, caused by some reaction on the first
announcement of the Supreme Court's decision
in the Porto Rican cases. Continental Tobacco,
however, held stubbornly and rose to the high
est in the dealings, closing 5% points over Sat
urday. American Tobacco's net gain was 3%.
The weakness in Sugar was perhaps the effect
of the decision, although the troubles with the
importers of refined sugar have affected the
F'ock. Lackawanna moved up a clear 8
points after an opening reaction on light tran
sactions and without explanation. Amalga
mated Copper was under some pressure and
fell at one time 2%. Late in the day there were
two transactions of 100 shares each In Northern
Pacific at 160. compared with 200 en Saturday.
The failure to relax the close holding of this
ptock on the part of any of the interests con
cerned keeps alive apprehension respecting the
Northern Pacific situation. Although the for
eign markets were all closed to-day there was
a good demand for exchange from arbitrage
housee. said to be in preparation for the Stock
Exchange in London the latter part of the
week. The continued demand for exchange
from these sources attracts increasing atten
tion to the heavy return of American securi
ties to the home market. The money market
t-hoTred increasing ease and it is the general
expectation that further gold will go out to
France this week.
There was a small business in bonds/ with
an irregular movement of prices. Total sales,
par value. $2,200,000.
United States bonds were all unchanged • on
the Ian calL
NEW YORK STOCK LIST.
Fhares Closing
told. Ptocke— Bid.
L.W0 Atchison 77%
8,5ft0 Atchison prefd 97%
4W Baltimore & Ohio ..101^
400 Ealtlmore & Ohio prefd 93
MO Canadian Pacific ..102V4
Canada Southern 65
1.K0 Chesapeake & Ohio 48
1,300 Chicago & Alton 40%
3C0 -Chicago & Alton prefd 7g(i
2.400 Chicago, Burlington & Qulncy 195%
2.200 Chicago. Indiana & St Louis 3ai±
200 Chicago. Indiana & St Louis prefd.. 72»»
Chicago & Eastern Illinois 130
1 SCO Chicago & Great Western 22
Chicago &: Great Western A prefd SO
& Great Western B prefd.. 45
ICO Chicago & Northwestern 195
2,000 Chicago, Rock Island & Pacific... 152%
200 Chicago Terminal & Trans 22
2(0 Chicago Terminal & Trans prefd.... 42
C C C 4 St Louis , 80>4
l,f)00 Colorado Southern 14^
. &Q Colorado Southern 1st prefd 50
]00 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 22%
1,700 Delaware & Hudson 162£
4,l(fl JDelaware, Lackawanna & West....229Vi
200 Denver & Rio Grande 433^
Denver & Rio Grande prefd S"
23,<f« Erie 40%
1,300 Erie 1st prefd 67Vfe
Erie 2d prefd 54y.
100 Great Northern prefd 177t^
400 Hocking Valley 52%
7C0 Hocking Valley prefd 76%
£00 Illinois Central 138^
• 200 Iowa Central 33
300 Iowa Central prefd 58
„ Lake Erie & Western 55
...;... Lake Erie & Western pre'd ...120'
2,300 Louisville & Nashville ....*.... 102
8,200 Manhattan L : ...113%
• 8.000 Metropolitan St. Ry ics>4
1.6*0 Mexican Central 25y.
2,000 Mexican National .. ." f .... 10%
6.000 Minneapolis & St LouUs si%
4,200 Missouri Pacific 105%
400 Missouri. Kansas & Texas 26%
300 Missouri, Kansas & Texas prefd 56-
New Jersey Central 158 '
200 New York Central :...149
800 Norfolk & Western SO',4
NrdJ York Stock Market.
EASTERN MARKETS.
fcan Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday,
becoming fair during the day; fresh southwest
winds. ALEXANDER G. McADIE,
Utah— Cloudy and uu&ettled weather Tues
day; i>robab!y thunder showers; fresh south
erly winds.
Arizona — Fair Tuesday; light southwest
winds.
Nevada — Cloudy and unsettled weather Tues
day, with showers, probably thunderstorms;
warmtr; fresh southwest winds.
Northern California — Cloudy and unsettled
weather Tuesday, with showers and probably
tome thunderstorms in the foothills and moun
tains; fresh southerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday; fresh
Westerly winds.
A condition favorable for thunderstorms ex
ists in the foothills of California and also in
Nevaor. and Utah.
Heavy rain has fallen at Carson City and
Wmnemucca.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. May 28, 1901:
Unsettled weather with an unusually large
number of thunderstorms is reported generally
over the country west 6f the Rocky Mountains.
Th° pressure has fallen slowly in the gTeat val
leys of California and also over Idaho and
Northern Nevada. There has been but little
change m temperature except in the vicinity of
Carson City, where rain has lowered the tem
perature pbout 16 degrees.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
60: minimum, 43; mean, H.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
Cash quotations were as follows: ' Flour,
quiet; No. 3 spring wheat, 71@73c; No. 2 red,
75®76c: No. 2 corn, 42%g>43c; No. 2 yellow,
42%<g»»3c; No. 2 oats, 29%<g>30c; No. 2 white,,
"9%iS30c; No. 3 white, 29%@30c; No. 2 rye, 56%c;
good feeding barley, 45c; fair to choice malt
ing, 49@53c; .No. 1 flaxseed. $1 73; No. 1 North
western, $1 73; prime timothy seed, $3 40; mess
pork, per barrel. $11 60@14 65; lard, per 100
pounds, $8 10@8 12%: short ribs 'sides (loose).
$7 35©^ 20; dry salted shoulders (boxed), 6%g7c;
short clear sides (boxed), $8 12%@8 25; whisky,
basis of high wines, $1 27; clover, contract
grade, $9 50.
Articles — Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 13,000 18,000
Wheat, bushels 72.000 ' 508,000
Corn, bushels .• 639,000 3S6.000
Oats, bushels ....470,000^- 140,000
Rye. bushels 20,000 1,000
Barley, bushels 7,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creams, 14@18%c; dairy, 11
<g>16c. Cheese, easy, 9@10%c. Eggs, steady;
fresh, 10%«Mlc.
.STOCK MARKET.
' Business was unusually dull on the Bond Ex
change, and prices showed very little variation.
The oil stocks continued quiet.
The Chollar Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 6 cents per share.
STOCK AND BONT> EXCHANGE.
, MONDAY,' May 27—2 pi m.
UNITED STATES "BONDS. V
• Bid.Ask. ; ; Bid.Ask.
4s quar . coup. 113 114 4s qr cp (new) .138 - 139
4s quar reg....ll3%114 3s quar coup.. 109 110
. MISCELLANEOUS BONDS.
Bay Co P 5s.. 104%— Oceanic .......102% —
Cal-st os ....:. 117% — Omnibus R 6sil28 —
C C Water 5s.l0S%110 ! Pac G Imp 4s". — —
Ed L & P 6s..l28%133% Pk & C H 6a. 105 —
Fer & Cl R 6s. 117,. — Pk & O R 63.117 —
Geary-st 53 ... — — Powll-ct R 6s. 129 —
H & C S 5%s.lO6% — Sac B G R 5s. — 100
Do 5s ....1.. .101% — S F & SJV os.120% —
Los Ang R 5s. 112% — Sierra ¦ Cal 6s. — 110
L A Light 6s. — 102 S P of A 6s
I Do gntd 6s. —.104 (1909) .'.:..... 112%113«4
Do gntd 53.100- — (1910) 114% —
L A & Pac 5s.l02%104 S P of C 6s
Do 1 o m 5s. 102% — , (1909), ser-A.10S —
Markf-st C 6s. — 127% (1905)." ser B.107% —
¦ Dol.cm 5sl22%— -(1906)..... 110%110%
Nev Co R Vs.. — 113% * (1912) ........ — 121%.
Nor R Cal 6s.. — 114% S P of Cal 1st . ;«
Do 5s ...• 118%119% • cp gntd g 63.105 —
Nor Pac C 63.100 — 8 P Br Cal 6s. 13 1 —
Do 5s — 109 S V Water 6s.ll3% —
Nor Cal.R 5s.U3% — Do 4s ...102%103%
Oak Gas 5s. ..112 — Do 4s. 3d m.l02K103
; Do Tran 6s..ll6%117% Stktn Gas 6s. .100 —
Do Wat 5s... 104 105 - ~
•WATER STOCKS. . >
Contra Costa.. 81% 82 I Spring Valley. 86% ZVA
Marin^ County. 52% — | '¦ :; ;
Tellow, $1 27%@1 30; ' White. Jl 30;-; mixed, $1 25
@V27%.V- .- .. ..- .". • ' ' '¦¦ . . "
.RYE— S0if8f%cper etl. .. • .' ....-.-•-*
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65 per cU, ex
warehouse. •:_'¦¦.. .- . .i ' ¦ ' '
Flour and 'Millstuffs.
FLOUR^-Califomia . Family Extras, $3 25®
3 EO, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 15@3 25:
Oregon. . $2 50@2 75 per barrel for family and
$2 75iS3 for bakers'; Washington bakers',' $2 76
@3.,< i** --¦ - . . ¦¦ • -.;.-.- : -¦
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as follow*,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
$3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. $2 75; Rye Meal. $2 50;
Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal $3; extra cream do,
$3 75; Oat Groats. $4 75: Hominy. $3 73@4; Buck
wheat ¦' Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 50;
Farina, $4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled
Oats (barrels), $6 35®7 S5; In sacks. $6@7 50;
Pearl. Barley, $5; Split Peas, $5; Green Peas.
$6 50 per 100 lbs.
Hay and Feedstuffs.
A car of new ' Hay ' came In with a swarm
of bees inside/ That car was not sold. Other
wise there was nothing new in the Hay mar
ket, : except that dealers apprehended , consider
able damage 1 to Hay by the recent rains,* the
fall having been heavy In ' several important
districts.'
: Feedstuffs remained as previously quoted.
BRAN— $17@18 per ton. ¦ .'
MIDDLINGS— $17@19 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled > Barley, $17@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; Jobbing,
$26 50; Cocoanut . Cake, $17@18; Corn Meal,
$27 50® 28; Cracked Corn, $28 50029; Mixed Feed,
$ir.@i6. . • • . " .
•HAY— New, $6 60@8; Old is quoted as fol
lows: Volunteer, $5@8; Wheat, $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9@12; Oat, $9@1150; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa. $8@9 50; Barley, $7 50®9 50 per ton.
¦ STRAW— 35@47%c per bale.
Beans and Seeds.
There is nothing new to report in this mar
ket. ¦ . "
BEANS— Bayos/ $2 45@2 60; Email White, $4 8b
@5; Large White, $4@4 20; Pink, $1 40@l 70;
Ked, $3@3 25; Blackeye, $3 10@3 25; Limas, $6 25
@6 35;. Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $4 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal ; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 60@3; Canary, 3%@
S%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, nominal; Rape, 20
2%c; Hemp, 3%c; Timothy, 6%c. . • .
DRIED . PEAS— Niles, $2@2 50; Green. $2 70@
3 per ctl; Blackeye, nominal.
—^ — — — . \
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
New Potatoes j were in lighter f supply and
higher again. Old Potatoes were lower. Onions
continued to decline slowly.
Peas are firm under lighter arrivals. Other
vegetables showed little change. There were
plenty of Tomatoes, 930 crates coming in from
Los' Angeles and 76 from Mexico.
Receipts were 798 boxes Asparagus, 198 boxes
Rhubarb, 190 sacks Bay Peas and 122 sacks
String Beans. > ¦' .
POTATOES— Burbanks, 60c@$l for River and
$1 25@1 65 for Oregon; Sweets, 75c for Mer
ced: New Potatoes, l%@2c per lb in sacks and
$1 25(5)1 75 in boxes. . .
ONIONS^ Australians, jobbing, at $4; New
Red, 40@63c per sack; New Yellow, $1@1 25 per
ctl.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 50@75c per box;
Asparagus. *1 7o@2 tor large. *1 25@>1 50 per
box for No. 1 and 65c@$l for No. 2; Green Peas,
85c@?l 25 per sack;. Garden Peas, 2c; String
Beans. 4@6c for Vacaville; Cabbage, 60@75c per
ctl; Tomatoes,. Mexican, $1@1 25 per crate;
from Los Angeles, 40c@$l; Dried' Peppers, 12®
ISc ; Dry Okra, 15c per lb : ¦ Carrots. 25@35c per
sack; Hothouse- Cucumbers, per dozen;
Winters, 40c per dozen; Marysville Cucumbers,
$1 25@2 per box; Garlic, . 4o for new; Green
Peppers, 7@10c per lb: Egg Plant. 12%@15c per
lb; Green Corn, 2uiSJ30c per dozen; Summer
Squash, 75c@^L per box; Bay do, $2.
Poultry and Game.
Two cars of Eastern were offered, and sales
were made as folows: Hens, $6; old Roosters,
$4 10? Ducks, ?3 50@4; Geese, $1 25; Pigeons and
Squabs, $1 75; Turkeys, 8@10c for Gobblers and
12%c for Hens.
POULTRY — Live Turkeys, 9@10c for Gobblers
and Il*il2c for Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 250
1 50; Goslings. $1 50@2; Ducks, $3 50@4 50 for
old and $5«6 for young: Hens, $4@5; young
Roosters, $6 50©7 50; old Roosters. $4@4 50;
Fryers, ?4 50@6; Broilers, $3 50@4 for large
and $2@2 50 for small; Pigeons. $1 230)1 oO per
dozen fcr old and $1 25@1 50 for Squabs:
GAME— Hare, t\@l 25: Rabbits, $1 25@1 50
for Cottontail and 75c<g$l for Brush.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs.
The market showed, no change whatever as
far as prices were concerned. Stocks of But
ter,- Cheese an<l Egg3 continued heavy and the
market was sluggish all around. There were
no new features. • . ;.
Receipts were 92.S00 pounds and ,150 tubs of
Butter, 1057 cases of Eggs, 400 cases . Eastern
Eggs, 11.600 pounds California Cheese and
pounds Eastern Cheese. • " • . .
OPEN MARKET QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER— Creamery, \ 17%@18c per j lb for
fancy and 16%@17c for seconds; dairy. 14@16%c
per lb. . • ' \ -
CHEESE— New. •¦ 8®9c; old. nominal; Toung
Americas, 9@10c. .
EGGS— Ranch, 14%@16c for good to fancy;
store, 12%i?il3VS!C per doi.en.
DAIRY EXCHANGE QUOTATIONS.
BUTTER—
. • Creamery — Extras, 17c; firsts, 16c; seconds,
Dairx— Extras, 16c; nrsts, 15c; seconds, 14c;
store, 13c. . - '
CHEESE— Fancy, full cream, 8c; choice,
7%c; common, nominal: Young; Americas, 9%c;
Eastern, full cream, 15@16%o per. lb.
EGGS—
. California Ranch— Selected -White. 14c; mixed
colors, 13c per dozen. -. •
California Gathered— Selected. 12%c; standard,
12c; seconds, .
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
There were more Apricots on the market, but
prices were steady.- Red Astrachan t Apples
brought the top quotation. ' Cherries ' were in
light receipts at about Saturday's prices. Ber
ries were steady, as a rule.
Arrival of 403 boxes Mexican Limes and 82
crates Pineapples. - •
Five cars of Oranges were auctioned as fol
lows: Fancy Navels, $2<8>2 25; choice do, $110
@1 85; standard do, 75c@$l 35; Seedlings, 75c@
$1 65; St. Michaels, 75c@$l 65. These figures
show a firmer Oranee market, due largely to
lighter stocks. Lemons - and Limes are un
changed. ., - ¦ •--¦.,,.. *
; DECIDUOUS FRUITS.
APPLES— Eastern. $1 50@l 75 per box; local
new, 60@60c per box and • 50c per basket. ; , .
APRICOTS — McO^l • per crate and 60c@$l per
box for Pringles and Jl@l 25 for Seedlings and
Royals. " < ¦ , : . ••
CHERRIES— Receipts were 1570 boxes, sell
ing at 30@50c per box for red, 50@75c. for dark
and»50@75e for, Royal Anne; In bulk. . 5@7c per.
lb for black and : 3@4c for red and 5@7c for
Royal Anne. • - ¦ .
CHERRY PLUMS— 50@60c per ~ drawer and
50<§75c per basket. j ¦
PEACHES— $1@1 25 per box. ¦»
STRAWBERRIES- $7<g>10 per chest t9e Long
worths and $4@o 50 for large berries. Receipts
were 280 chests and 158 crates. The latter sold
at 75c@U 25 per crate. Many of them came in
smashed.
LOGAN BERRIES— $5®7 ; per chest arid 90c
Frpm Newcastle, $1 60 per
$5<P per chest; from New
castle, $1@1 25" per crate. • J
GOOSEBERRIES— $3 50<8>4 75' per drawer and
l%@3c in bulk; English, per lb.
CURRANTS-?3 50@4 75 per chest. -
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges, $1@1 25;
Seedlings, 75c@$l 50; . Mediterranean Sweets,
75c@$l 50; Tangerines, 50c@$l 25; Lemons.' 75o
©Jl 25 for common and $1 50@2 50 for good to
choice; Grape Fruit, 50c@U 50; Mexican Limes.
$4@4 50; Bananas, . $1 50@2 50 per bunch, for
New 5 Orleans and : U@2 for Honolulu ; Pine
apples, $2@4 per dozen. |
Dried -Fruits, Nuts 'and Raisins.
Walnuts are now ' reported scarce and the
demand has suddenly Improved in consequence.
Prices are rather ) higrher. ¦ Otherwise there is
nothing new in this market. ' ::¦ ¦ •.'•-'• ."
. FKUITS— Apricots, 5<S'7%c for Royals; Evapo
rated Apples, 4@6c; sun-dried; l%@2c; Peaches,
SAN FRANCISCO, May 27, 1901-^5 p. m.
The following- are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season, and rainfall in the last twenty
tcax houre:
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
Ealmon— The position is unchanged, actual
values here being somewhat above those being
accepted at Liverpool, where some holders of
Fraser River ealmon are accepting reduced
prices, especially for lialf-pound flats, which
are in srood supply. The Machrihanish has ar
' rived at Liverpool with CS.098 cases of Fraser
River salmon. Alaska, salmon moves off quiet
ly, prices being without alteration. Fruits— The
uncertainty still prevailing as to the amount
of the duty to be charged on California fruits
continues to hinder business, and a settlement
of the question is anxiously awaited. The con
tentiuns of the customs officials that canned
apricots ehould be classed as '"dried" apricots
can t-carcely be put forward seriously, and
certainly appears absurd. Pines are firm, both
on ihe ppot and for forward delivery, and con
tinue to meet a brisk demand. Liverpool fruit
ti a-io. while net so active as last week, still
continues good. Aprieote are in demand. The
edvires for March and April shipments of pine
¦jgdffl from Singapore go to show that there
nay be' a squeeze here in that article during
the next two or three weeks. .
The London Grocers* Gazette of May 11 says
Fruit and Salmon in London.
WASHINGTON, May 27.— To-day's statement
of the Treasury balances In the general fund,
exclusive of the $150,000,000 gold reserve in the
division «f redemption, shows: Available cash
balance. $160,497,544; gold, $93,987,734.
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK, May 27.— Close— Money on call,
steady, at 3@4 per cent; fast loan, 3 per cent;
ruling rate, 3% per cent; prime mercantile
paper. 4@4% per cent. Sterling exchange firm,
with actual business in bankers' bills at {4 8S%
©4 88% for demand and $4 85 for sixty days;
posted rates. J4 85% and $4 89%; commercial
bills, $4 S4%@4 84%. Silver certificates, nom
inally 60c; bar silver, 69%c; Mexican- dollars,
48%c. Government bonds, steady ; State bonds,
inactive; railroad bonds, irregular.
New York Money Market.
Norfolk & Western prefd 87
200 Northern Pacific 160
¦ 700 Northern Pacific prefd 97>4
3,000 Ontario & Western 32%
9,200 Pennsylvania U3%
P C C & L „... 74'*
6,300 Reading 42Vi
4,500 Reading 1st prefd 76
3,200 Reading 2d prefd 53%
St Louis & San Francisco.... 44V4
St Louis and San Fran 1st prefd... SO
200 ,St Louis & San Fran 2d prefd 67V4
600 St Louis Southwestern 32Vs
200 St Louis Southwestern prefd 62ii
13,800 St Paul 158VS
1C0 St. Paul prefd 183
2.400 Southern Pacific 47
2.200 Southern Railway 29V4
200 Southern Railway prefd 82 V>
1,000 Texas & Pacific 46Vi
100 Toledo. St Louis & West 21Vi
100 Toledo, St Louis & West prefd 37
1.300 Union Pacific 100
830 Union Pacific prefd 87>A
12.800 Wabash ., 23
13,600 Wabash prefd* 4174
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 17Vb
300 Wheeling & Lake Erie 2d. prefd 30^
400 Wisconsin Central 19^
2U0 Wisconsin Central prefd 44
Express Companies—
Adams 175
.- American 193
United States 80
Well Fargo 140
Miscellaneous —
7.100 Amalgamated Copper 114%
900 American Car & Foundry 26%
300 American Car & Foundry prefd 80%
S00 American Linseed Oil 16%
300 American Linseed Oil prefd .'. 46%
2,200 American Smelting & Refining 55V4
100 American Smelting & Refl'g prefd. 97
93,400 American Tobacco 136%
2,300 Anaconda Mining Company 4» v
2,200 Brooklyn Rapid Transit 75'i
200 Colorado Fuel & Iron 92V>
200 Consolidated Gas 218',i
8,100 Continental Tobacco 66
1,100 Continental, Tobacco prefd 112
100 General Electric 222
300 Glucose Sugrar 57
200 International Paper 224
800 International Paper prefd 77?g
1,300 International Power 96%
. 400 Laclede Gas 84
1,100 National Biscuit 45
400 National Lead 19
100 National Salt 43'i
500 National Salt prefd 75^j
3.100 North American 89
Pacific Coast 60
11.000 Pacific Mail 34U
S00 People's Gas 113>6
200 Pressed Steel Car 45
400 Pressed Steel Car prefd S3
100 Pullman- Palace Car 203
500 Republic Steel 1SV4
400 Republic Steel prefd 74ii
41,100 Sugar 146
400 Tennessee Coal & Iron 33
Union Bag & Paper Company 12^
Union Bag & Paper Company prefd 69'i
11,100 United States Leather 14
4,100 United States Leather prefd 7S&
S00 United States Rubber 21
200 United States Rubber prefd 61 'i
10,9^ United States Steel 43"i
12.803 United States Steel prefd 93%
1,600 Western Union 91%
520.000 Shares sold.
, CLOSING BONDS.
U S ret 2s reg. 106% N Y Cent lsts 10S
U S ref 2a coup..l06^ N J Cent gen Es...l32 l i
U S 3s reg.. 109 N Pacific 3s 71%
U S 3s coup 109 N Pacific 4s.'. 105%
U S new 4s re K ....13S N Y C & S L 4s. .107
U S new 4s coup..l3S N & W con 4s 101
U S old 4s reg 113% Or Nav lsts 10i»
U S old 4s coup... 113% Or Nav 4s 10-1
U S 5s reg ..108% Or S Line 6s K.T.
U S £s coup 108% Or S Line con 5s..ll8Vi
Diet of Col 3.65s.. ..125 Reading Gen 4s.... 96%
Atchison gen 4s.. ..102% R G W lsta 100%
Atchison adj 4s 95 S L & I M con Ss.115
Canada So 2ds 108 S L & S F gen Cs.134
Ches & Ohio 4%s..lOD% St Paul cons 190
Ches & Ohio 5s.. ..120 S P C & P lsts.. ..118
C & NW con 7s.. ..141% S P C & P 5s 119
C & NWSFdeb 5s.l21% Southern Pac 4s.... 93%
Chgo Terminal 4s.. 94% Southern Ry 6s.... 116%
Colo Southern 4s... 87% Stand R & T 6s.... 60
D &. R G 4s 102% Tex & Pac lsts. ...119
Erie General 4s.... 88% Tex & Pac 2ds 99
F W & D C lsts. ..109 Union Pacific 4s. ..105%
Gen Electric 5s.... 183% Wabash lsts 117%
Iowa Central lsts.. 117 Wabash 2ds J10
L & N Uni 4s 103 West Shore 4s 113%
M K & T 2ds 83% Wis Cent lsts 89%
M K & T 4s B»% Va Centuries 95
MINING STOCKS.
Adams 20 Little Chief 12
Alice 14 Ontario ." 8 00
Breece 1 55 Ophir 80
Brunswick Con 13 Phoenix 11
Comstock Tunnel... 05 Potosi 02
Con Cal & Va 2 20 Savage 05
Deadwood Terra — 65 Sierra Nevada 10
Horn Sliver 1 18 1 Small Hopes 45
Iron Silver fiOlStandard 3 50
.Leadvllle Con 05'
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— ; ' Westnghse Elec. . , 62
Call loans 3%@4% Bonds— .
Time loans 3%@4% Atchison 4s 102
Stocks— N E Gas & C 5s. ..62
A T & St F 77% Mining Shares—
A T & St F prfd.. 97% Adventure 14%
Am Sugar . H6 Allouez Mg Co 22%
Am Supar prfd. ...121% Amal Copper 114%
Am Telephone 178% Atlantic 30
Boston & Albany. .255 Boston & Mont 435
Boston Elevated... 183 Butte & Boston.... 106%
Boston & Maine. -.195% Calumet & Hecla..825
Dom Ccal 34 Centennial 27%
Dom Coal prfd 115 Franklin 17
US Steel 43%|Humboldt 30
U S Steel prefd 93% Osceola 84
General Electric ..221% Parrot 53
Ed Elec 111 240 Qulncy 168
N E Gas & Coke.. 10% Santa Fe Copper.. 7%.
Old Dominion ......32% Tamarack 325 Y
Rubber 20% Utah Mining 28%
Union Pacific 99% Winona 2%.
Union Land 3 Wolverines 55%
West End 94
CHICAGO, May 27.— July wheat opened un
changed to a shade lower at 72"d@73e. In
duced by reports of damage by .insects, an
advance developed, and within half~an hour
after the opening July sold at 73%c. The buoy
ancy of the situation was accentuated by fa*
vorable figures on the visible supply and a de
crease in the quantity on passage. During the
forenoon the bull leader in corn, who had
been a seller of July wheat, became a buyer,
carrying a following with him, and the price
rose to 73%c, after which under profit-taking it
reacted to 73%c. The close was steady, July
%c higher at 73%c.
The activity in the corn pit was only a
shade less marked than that exhibited, in
wheat. It opened unchanged to a shade lower,
but recovered under" the strength in wheat.
July closed steady, %c higher, at 43%c.
Oats were active and Improved . at the open T
inar, but later developed dullness. July oats
closed steady at %@Vic higher at 28%@28%c. .
Provisions were dull and featureless. July
pork closed 10c lower, and lard and ribs 2%@5c
lower. >
The leading futures ranged as follows: .
3%@4c for I standard/ 4^©5% . for', choice . and i 6®
6'/4c for fancy; Pears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3@
4c; •unpitted. . l@l%c; ¦ Nectarines, ;.4@4%c for
red and 4@5c for white. ¦- .' ¦¦¦' ' : - : * ,
PRUNES —^ sizes. 3c: 40-50s, 6V4c: 50-60s, 4Uc
80-TOs, 3%c; .'70-80s, 3%c; S0-90s, 2%c; 90-100s,
2«c;>10O-120sri%cr .."•¦—¦-:¦ ,
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' j Association
has .'established the following' prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy. ¦ 12c . per lb; choice, lie;
standard, 10c; prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 9c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, ,10Vic per lb:
choice, 9&c; standard, ¦ 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas,' 8c; Seedless,'' 50-lb boxes,
6%c; 4-crown, 7c; 3-crown, 6%c;" 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand— 2-crown, 6c; .3-crown,^ 5%c, and
4-crown, -5%c; seeded '(Fresno prices), 5^4c;
London Layers, 2-crown, $1 50 per box; \ 3
crown, $1 60; Fancy Clusters, $2; Dehesa, $2 50;
Imperial, $3. All prices f. o. . b. at common
shipping points in California. • . ¦¦
NUTS— Walnuts, No. 1 softshell, U@lWo;
No. 2. Smiic; No. 1 hardshell, 10@10%c; No. 2,
6V2@7%c; Almonds. 13®>14c for papershell. ¦ 10@
lie for softshell and 5@6c for hardshell: Pea
nuts, 5@6c for Eastern;, Brazil Nuts, 'll@ll%c;
Filberts. 12@12%c; Pecans, ll@13c; Cocoanuts,
$3 50®5. ¦¦' ¦ ¦;•¦ • • . .
HONEY— Comb, 10@llc for bright and 9®9%c
for light amber; water white extracted; 5@5)ic;
light amber extracted, .4@4%c; dark, 3%c. •( ,
BEESWAX— 25@2Sc oer lb.
Provisions.
• ¦¦¦ ¦ t
The market stands precisely as before. The
demand is light. . • .
: CURED MEATS— Bacon. 12c per lb for heavy.
12%@13c for light medium, 13%c for light, 14%o
for extra light and 15%c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 12%@13c; Mess Beef, $12
per barrel; extra Mess. $12 60; Family, $11 50;
prime Mess Pork, $15 ; extra clear, $23; Mess,
$19; Smoked Beef, 13%<314c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for com
pound and 10@10%c for pure; half-barrels, pure
10%@l0%c; 10-lb tins, 10%@ll%c; (.ji, tla ,
10%@ll%c.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, 8%c; three
half-barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8%c;' five tierces, 8% c per lb.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
HIDES AND SKINS-<nills and brands sell
about l%c - under: quotations. Heavy Salted
Steers/ 10c: .medium, 9c; light. '. 8@8%qi Cow
Hldei, 8%o for heavy and 8%o for light; Stags.
6&e; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal, 9@9%c; Salted
Calf, '10c; Dry Hides, 16c; Culls, 13%@14c: Dry
Kip, 16c: Dry Calf, 16@17c; Culls and Brands,
13&<14c; SheepsKins, shearlinss. 15@30c each;
short Wool, 30(B>GOc each; medium, 60@75c; long
Wool, 80c@$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 60 for
large and $2@2 25 for medium, $1@1 26 for small
and 50c for Colts: Horse Hides, dry, Jl 75 for
large, $1 25 for medium, . $1 for . small and 50c
for Colts. Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c:
fall or medium skins, 30c; winter or thin sKlna,
20c. Goatskins— Prime Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth, 50c; medium, 35c. . ' •.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%o per lb; extra
fine, 5c; No. 2, 3%®4c; greaee, 2@2%c.
WOOL— Spring, 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, 15@16c per lb; Northern, ' free, 12@
13c; defective; 9@llc; Middle County, free, 10®
lie; do, defective, 8@10c; Southern, 12 months,
$@9c; Southern, free, 7 months, ' 7@10c; do.'de
fective, 7 months, 7@8c; Oregon Valley, fins/ 15
£pl6c; do, medium and .coarse, 14@15c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do, fair to good, 9®llc;
Nevada, 10©12c.
HOPS-]5®20c per Iti. .
San Francisco Meat Market.
Small dairy Hogs 'are bringing the inside
quotation and grain fed the outside quotation.
The market is declining in the West and the
Chicago packers are working for low-priced
Hogs on expected large receipts during the
next thirty days. . . . • , .
Wholesale rates from slaughterers • to dealers
are as follows: * ¦ • • • . --•:¦'¦
BEEF— 7©7%c for Steers and . 6@6%o per lb
for cows.
VEAL— Lar&e, 7%@8c; small, 8@9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c: Ewes. . 6V4@7c
per pound. . j •.
LAMB — Spring. 8@9c per pound.'
PORK— Live Hogs, ISO. lbs and under, 6%®
6\4c; 180 to 225 lbs, 6@6%c^ 225 and over, 5%@
6c; feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 7%@9^c.
General Merchandise.
BAG.S — San Quentln Bags, $5 65; Calcutta
Grain Bags, 7%c; local make, %c less than Cal
cuttas; Wool Bags, I 30@34c; Fleece Twine,
7%@8c.' ¦ / • ¦ ¦
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton: Southfleld
Wellington, J9; Seattle, $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, |6 50; Wallsend, *9; Co-operative Walls
end, $9; Cumberland, $12 In bulk and $13 25 In
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $U; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton in bulk and
$17 in sacks; Rocky Mountain descriptions,
*8 45 per 2000 pounds and $8 50 per ton. accord
ins to brand. ,
UILS — California Castor OH, In cases. No. 1,
75c; pure, $1 30; Linseed Oil, in barrels, boiled,
75c; raw, 73c; cases, oc more; Lard Oil, extra
winter strained, barrels, 80c; cases. 85c; China
Nut, 53@63c per gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. bar
rels, 65c; cases, 70c; Sperm, pure, 65c; Whale
Oil, natural white. 37V4@42V4c per gallon; Fish
Oi'.. In barrels. Soocases. 40o.
COAL OIL— Water White Coal Oil, In bulk.
12V4c; Pearl Oil. in cases. 18&c; Astral, 18V4c;
Star, 18<6c; Extra Star, • 22V4c; Elaine. 23%c:
Eocene, 20%c; deodorized stove Gasoline, in
bulk, 15c; In cases, 21c; Benzine, in bulk, 14c;
in cases, 20c; 86-degree Gasoline, in bulk, 20c;
cases, 26c. .-...¦: . • . .
TURPENTINE— 55c per gallon in cases and
49c in drums or iron barrels. -
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb, in 100-lb bags: :
Crushed, 6.25c; Powdered, 5,85c; Candy Gran
ulated. 6.85c; Dry Granulated. ' 6.75c; ¦ Confec
tioners' A. 5.75c; Fruit Granulated. 5.75c; Mas
nolla A. 5.35c; Extra C, 5.25c; Golden C, 5.15c;
barrels, 10c more; half -barrels, 25c more; boxes,
60c more; 60-lb bags, 10c more. No orders taken
for less than 75 barrels or its equivalent.. Doml
nos. half-barrelf. 6.50c; boxes. 6.75c per lb.
OIL — Mineral Seal is now quoted at 19c per
gallon In bulk, 21%c In wooden barrels and
25c In ' cases. Mineral Sperm, lc higher.
Receipts of Produce.
FOR MONDAY, MAY 27.
Flour, qr sks 31,265 Wool, bales 82
Wheat, ctls. 890 Shorts, sks........ 45
Barley, ctls....... 12,823 Sugar, ctls........' 875
Oats, ctls 410 Pelts, bdls... ...... 60
Rye, ctls.....' 400 Hides, No - 177
Potatoes, sks 1,380 Lime. bbls........ 182
Onions, sks 784 Chicory bbls 28
Bran, sks 275 Quicksilver, flsks 81
Middlings, sks.... 70 Wine, gals 15,400
Straw,' -tons...... 24 Leather, rolls.... 46
Hay, tons 663 -
:- ¦ • * — . V
GAS AND ELECTRIC. .;--.,
Cent L & P..-. 3 — (Pacific Lt...... *6% 50
¦Equitable .....' Z% 3^4 I Sacramento ... — ; —
Mutual ....:..; 4&-S F G & E.... SS& 39
Oakland. .— — 4 San Francisco. 4 4«i
.Pacific Imp 34 34%'Stockton ....... — 'J.~7i'-
INSURANCE.
Flrem's Fund.235t245 \ ; \ . .
' ' BANKS.
Anglo-Cal 77 81 < L P & A "J —
California 408' 410% Mer Ex (Hq).. 1» ~
Cal Safe Dep.,107i410S S F National.. — i-»
First Nat 310 —
,' " SAVINGS : BANKS.
San Francisco. 515 — , Sav & Loan... — t:
German .."...,1900 . — Security •*£> ~
Humboldt — — Union Trust.. 1400 —
Mutual ...50. — I : • "¦
STREET RAILROADS.
Callfcrnia .....125 135 ,O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary — -¦ 40 [Presidio — **
Market 70 — I . . .
POWDER.
Giant 77 77'£|Vigorlt ....;••• 3 , 3^»
" - SUGAR, i
Hana n% 8^4 KUauea 1-j 19
Hawaiian 60 52%iMakaweli 39- --
Honokaa 21% 22& Onomea 20- 22%
Hutchlnson .:. 19 — I Paauhau ! ...... 26ii -b-Ji
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack... — 129 Oceanic S S... — 50
Cal Fruit Can. 98 — Pac Aux F Al. 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — Pac C Borax.. — 1» 7
Mer Ex.... 110 — Par Paint ....." IS —
Morning Session.
Board—,
50 Market-street Railway ....'. "0 00
$10,000 Oceanic Steamship bonds 103 ?»
150 Paauhau Sugar Plan Co 26 50.
5 Spring Valley Water ..,..'...: 87 25,
J5000 Spring Valley 6 par cent bonds 113 BO
Street—
20 California Wine Assn. cash 100 00
$7000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s bonds 119 00
Afternoon Session.
Board —
lS.Bank of California •.. 409 00
50 California Safe Deposit..... 107 50
60 California Wine Assn. 10" w
25 Contra Costa Water, s 60 81 60
15 Makawell ..." S3 2o
65 Oakland Gas 60 50
160 Spring Valley Water 87 60
35 Spring Valley Water / 87 2»
25 Spring Valley Water 87 00
. 20 Spring Valley Water »••• »6 7a
Street— • ¦-.-.¦. • , • _ -
15 Giant Powder 1 Con... '. 77 2o
: 8 Market-street Railway • "> 00
1 80 Pacific Lighting : 46 60
PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
¦ • Board— i ¦ ¦ ¦ •' ¦
1000 California-Standard 82
j 3 Hanford :.. J— . 93 00
600 Independence 1'
ICO Junction .'. SI
200 Junction 3»
300 Monarch of Arizona 43
' 300 Occidental of West Virginia 53
E000 Petroleum Center 05 •
100 Sovereign : 35
Street
200 Bay City 60
. ' ' Afternoon Session.
Board—-. .
60 Home, b 90..' 3 20
60 Kern 6 25
60 Kern 6 12%
Occidental of West Virginia 69
100 Petroleum Center, a 90.... 04
100 Sterling ...........1....... 1 60
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE. '
Mornlns Session.
Board —
2000 Lion I...... 15
100 Peerless '. 8 12%
10O Peerless, b 90...... .' L 8 50.
.100 West Shore ..". 2 65
¦ Afternoon Session. .' .
Board — * •
100 Peerless, b 90..... 8 50
10O Peerless a... 8 12%
1100 Petroleum Center .-• \ 05
140 Ban Joaquln O & D Co, b 90 9 25
50 San Joaquin O & D Co 9 00
MINING STOCK3.
Following were the sales In the" San Fran
cisco Stock and Exchange Board yesterday:
Morning Session. . .
] 00 Andes 05 200 Ophlr 87
10O Belcher .... 06 400 Ophlr S6
400 Best &' Belcher 20 200 Overman 11
100 Challenge 13 600 Bavage 07
450 Con Cal & Va..2 20 600 Sierra Nevada. 11
100 Gould & Curry. 03 300 Yellow Jacket.. 14
SCO Mexican 15 1
; . * Afternoon Session.
200 Con Cal & Va..2 23 200 Ophir i 90
200 Crown Point... OS 400 Savage 07
200 Gould & Curry. 09 200 Silver Hill 33
100 Mexican ........ 13
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Morning Session.
400 Belcher 06 400 Con Cal & V...2 25
300 Best & Belcher 21 1150 Ophlr, 86
400 Best & Belcher 20 400 Ophlr 88
300 Challenge Con. IS 900 Potosl 02
700 Chollar 03 500 Savage 07
15(10 Con -Cal & V...2 20 500 Sierra Nevada. 12
4C0 Coo Cal &. -V.2 22% 800 Yellow Jacket.. 14
Afternoon Session. -
¦600 Belcher ..;.' ' 06: 400 Mexican . 15
500 Best £c Belcher 20 ! 200 Ophlr 89
800 Challenge Con. 13 S 300 Overman 11
300 Hale & Norcrs.. 20 1100 Union Con...... 16
' CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, May 27—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I . Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Justice .'.. 03 M
Alta — - 02|Kentuck 01 03
Andes 05 06( Lady Wash 01 —
Belcher • .. w '.... ' 05 ' 06 1 Mexican 15 16
Best & Belcher J9 20 j Occidental 03 04
Bullion 01 03iOphlr 90 91
Caledonia 45 oOjOverman 10 11
Challenge Con. 12 13 Potosl 02 03
Chollar 03 04 Savage' 07 08'
Confidence 55 601 Scorpion — 04
Con Cal & Va.. t 25 2 30; Seg Belcher.... 01 03
Con Imperial... — 01 'Sierra Nevada. 11 12
Con New York. — 01 1 Silver Hill 33 35
Crown Point... 07 08 St Louis... 06 —
Eureka Con • 06 —Standard 3 80 —
Exchequer — 02 Syndicate ...... C5 . —
Gould & Curry. 07 08 Union Con 16 17
Hale & Norcrs. 19 21 Utah 03 05
Julia ..... ... — 02 Yellow Jacket.. 13 11
. ¦ ? «
Madame "Wu's Observations.
The wife of the Chinese Minister, in an
article in Success, says that while she
was living in England she was often sur
prised at the ways of English eirls, but
when she came to America she,found that
the girls here enjoyed a still greater free
dom and she believes that lt may have
good results. In China the girls are pre
vented from having any knowledge of the
world until they are married, and for this
reason they are always helpless and thor
oughly dependent. Even after marriage
they learn but little of real life unless
they are very poor and are oblised -to
work hard, whereas American girls seem
always to.be able to take care of them
selves. Mme. Wu observes that she is
more and more astonished • every day at
the thing3 American girls are able to do,
as there Is hardly any profession which
they do not follow and that often they
are more successful than men.— St. Louis
Star. ..¦¦¦¦ ¦ ¦
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver and Exchange unchanged.
Wheat and Barley dull. Minor grains neglected.
Hay and Feedstuff s unchanged. Beans quiet.
New Potatoes firmer and old weaker. '\ '¦
Onions slowly declining. Vegetables plentiful.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs continue in large supply.
Oranges firmer.- Lemons and Limes weak.
Xothing new in fresh fruits.
Walnuts scarce and wanted.
Provisions dull at previous quotations.
Hogs continue to tend downward.
Light trading on the local stock exchanges. -
quiet.- State common, 3@4%c; prime 4^@41c:
choice. G@5Vic; fancy. 6@6%c. -
California dried fruits, quiet and unchanged.
PRUNES— 3Vt@7c per lb,. as ¦ to size and
quality.
APRICOTS^-Royal. 7&@13c : Moorpark, S»i@
13C. . ' "
PEACHES— Peeled, 12>4@20c; unpeeled, - 5%@
IOC. , r ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 28V 1901.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
Chicago Grain Market.
PARIS.
10
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2— .
May .'. 73% 74 73% 73%
July :. 73 • 73% 73 73%
Corn No. 2—
May 42% 42% 42% 42%
July / 43% 44 43% 43%
September - 43% 44% «% 43%
Oats No. 2—
May .... 29% S0% 29% 30%
July 28% 2S% 28% 28%
September 26% 26% 26% 26%
Mess pork, per barrel —
May ..1162% 14 62% 14 57% « 57%
July 14 65 14 65 14 57% 14 57%
September ...14 65 * 14 65 . 14 60 14 60
Lord, per 100 pounds— ' ,
May 8 10
July 8 10 8 10 ' 8 07% 8 10
September., 8 12% 8 12% -8 10 8 10
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
May V. 8 20
July .' 7 92% 7 95 7 90 7 92%
September 7 90 7 90 7 87% 7 87%
STATIONS.
Last | This Last
24 Hours Season. 'Season.
Eureka
Red Bluff *.
Sacramento
San Tranciseo
Fresno '.
Independence
fan I^uis Obispo
Lu& Angreles
iry.ni Diego
0.10 47.3S 50.03
24.63 22.54
0.02 20.09 20.24
.... 21.17 IS. 42
Trace 11.31 10.27
5. S3 3.65
0.06 31.13 17.20
16.23 7.91
11.41 5.89
STATIONS.
Last | This Last
24 Hours Season. 'Season.
Eureka
Red Bluff *.
Sacramento
San Tranciseo
Fresno '.
Independence
fan I^uis Obispo
Lu& Angreles
iry.ni Diego
0.10 47.3S 50.03
24.63 22.54
0.02 20.09 20.24
.... 21.17 IS. 42
Trace 11.31 10.27
5. S3 3.65
0.06 31.13 17.20
16.23 7.91
11.41 5.89
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
"Wheat No. 2— .
May .'. 73% 74 73% 73%
July :. 73 • 73% 73 73%
Corn No. 2—
May 42% 42% 42% 42%
July / 43% 44 43% 43%
September - 43% 44% «% 43%
Oats No. 2—
May .... 29% S0% 29% 30%
July 28% 2S% 28% 28%
September 26% 26% 26% 26%
Mess pork, per barrel —
May ..1162% 14 62% 14 57% « 57%
July 14 65 14 65 14 57% 14 57%
September ...14 65 * 14 65 . 14 60 14 60
Lord, per 100 pounds— ' ,
May 8 10
July 8 10 8 10 ' 8 07% 8 10
September., 8 12% 8 12% -8 10 8 10
Short ribs, per 100 pounds-
May V. 8 20
July .' 7 92% 7 95 7 90 7 92%
September 7 90 7 90 7 87% 7 87%
AUCTION SALES
AUCTION SALE.
£a ... ¦ -,, i '&*
THIS DAY. '
Tuesday. May 23. ai 11 O'clock.
AT SWITZER"S SALES YARDS.
CORNER TWELFTH AND HARRISON
STREETS.
I will sell a complete contractor's outfit, con-
sisting of 30 head ot DRAFT HORSES. 18 head
of Good Work Mules; also 11 head of Driving
Horses and a lot of Harness, and one carload
of well-bred unbroke Horses. Having finished
my contract. I will positively sell this stock to
the highest bidder— H. B. Furtong. Contractor.
S. . WATKINS. Auctioneer.
Office. tUO Folsom Street.
AUCTION SALE
At ALAMEDA TRAINING' TRACK. LAP-
MAN'S STABLES. WEDNESDAY. May 29,
1901. -at 11 a. m. ¦ Car lot of high class trot-
ting bred, yeung and sound horses, good siz*
and extra quality, consigned from R. W.
Scott. Bishop. Inyo County. Cal. Some ex-
ceedingly promising race horses In lot. They
will be sold without limit or reserve.
OCEAK" .TRAVEI*
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
¦_ Steamers leave Broadway
Si^ Wharf. San Francisco: . •
pW_ For Alaskan ports— 11 a. m.,
tega?*^ May 1. «. 11. 1«. 21. 2S. 31.
EfcSJ'tlSS**. June 5. Change to company'*
¦ fcS t*?Sv£& itfamers at. Seattle.
• iRwsS'3 v\i For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
! KaaC'^SjCal C ) Port Townsend, Seattle.
' r "SRaSSSal racoma, Everett. Anacorte*
1*- Bn< j New "UTiatcom (Wash,)—
¦ " **i n a. m.. May 1. 8. 11. 18. 21.
m « t... s and every fifth day thereafter.
ChaiTM at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G N. Ry.: at Seattle or Ta-
£L?\n^ v P Ry • at Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
TorEu^kaandHumboldt Bay-l:30 p. m
Ml? S 8 13 •" 23. IS. June 2 (M p. nv>. an<l
'^^S^SSSSm only ¦« Santa Bar-
"^^'L^Angel^ 5SflnW San'Jk' Cru,.
Monfere^San^Staeon! Ca/ucc^ -Port Harford
(San Luis Oblspo>. Gaviota. Santa Barbara.
Ventura Hu«neme, San Pedro. East ban r*-
dro •Newport ('Coroiia only)-St#amer Corona.
Saturdays. »». «.; steamer Bonlta. Tuesdays.
9 For'Enwnada. Magdalena Bay, San Jow del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas <Mex.)— 10 a. m.. Tth each
t °For h 'rnrther information obtain company's
f0 ThT-company reserves '«.• right to ctang
uteamers. sailinr dates and hours of sallin*
without pr«>TrioTJ«« notice. *" ¦•¦;
TICKET OFFICE-4 New Montsomery
4 CO.. Gen. Agent..
10 Market »t.. San Francisco. _
faciScLCoasLSteamship Co.
" GOLDF1ELDS.
THE STEAMSHIP
CITY OF PDEBLA : *
WILL SAIL
From San Francisco June 25
Connecting at Seattle with tho Company* ¦
New and Splendid Steel Steamship
For Nome Direct.
LEAVING SEATTLE JUNE 29th.
The Senator made five trios to Nome laat
year, belns one of the first to arrive there,
landing all her passenger* and freight without
loss, mishaD or material delay-^.^ «__r,~,
For passenger rates apply TICKET OFFICE,
4 New Montgomery street (Palace Hotel). •
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
General Agents. 10 Market street.
"O.-R. & N. CO.
Only S-teotxnaalxlp Ida* «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all
points, all rail «r steamshlo and rail, at
IjOXVUST XULTX1S.
STEAMER TICKETS INCLUDE BERTH isd MEALS.
SS COLUMBIA.. Sails June 2. 12, 22. July 2. IS
SS. GEO. W. ELDER ,
Sails May 23. Juno 7. 17. 27. July 7
D.W.HITCHCOCK. Gen.Agt.. 1 Montgm'y.3.y.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPOR ES
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing Fremont-
street wharf, 12 m.
PALENA June 7JTUCAPEL June 27
COLOMBIA ....June 12|AREQC1FA July..
These ateamers are built expressly tor Cen- ! j
tral and South American passenger Bervlc»/f
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight"'
and passenger office. 318 California street. *«
BALFOTJR. OXJTHRIE & CO.. Oen. Agent*.
AMERICAN LINE.
HEW TORS. SOCTHAHPTON. L0XD03. PA2I3.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tork Every Wednesday, 10 a. m.
St. Louis June 5iSt. Paul July M
St. Paul June 19 St. Louis July 17
St. Louis June 26] St. Paul August 7
BED STAR LINE. .
New York and Antwerp.
From New. Tork Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
•Zeeland June 5[»Vaderland .....Jun© 28
Frlesland June 121 Kensington .....July 3
Southwark June 13' *Zeeland... ...July 1»
•Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound. '
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
CHA9. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. ns.,
for YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hipgo). Nagasaki and Shanghai airl
connecting at Hongkong with steamer* for
India, etc No cargo received on board oa
day of sailing. - '
£S. AMERICA MARU. "Wednesday. May 29. 1MI
SS. HONGKONG MARU. Saturday, June 22.1901
SS. NIPPON MARU..Wedne«day. July 17. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
freight and passage apply at company's ofSco.
421 Market street, corner First. . ... -, v — >
W. H. AVERT. General Arent.
HAMBURG- AMERICAN LINE.
, Tw/ln-Screw Express Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
F.BISMARCK JUNE 6, 1O A.M.
Deutschland June 13|Columbia ..June 27
A. Victoria June 20IF. Blsmarctc July 4
Twin-Screw Passenq^r Service.
PLYMOUTH— CHERBOURG— HAMBURG.
Patricia June 8l*Batavia.: June 22
"Waldersee June 15lPennsylvania....June. Z>
•Sails to Hamburg direct.
Hamburg-American Line. 37 B'way. N. Y.
HERZOO & CO.. General Agents for PaclSo
Coast. 401 California street.
ueeaaic5.a.u). k» ; k;s
S3. MARIFOSA (via Honolulu) for Samoa,
New. Zealand and Australia
1 "• ....Thursday, May 30 10 a. a.
SS. ZEALANDIA (Honolulu only)...'.
Saturday. June 8, 2 p. m.
SS. AUSTRALIA for Tahiti....
Sunday. June 30. at 4 p. m.
J. O.SPBEMELS & BROS. CO., Gsneral agents, 327 Hartat St
Ben'l taaqpr OfSra, 643 Harht St., Pier lo. 7. Pacific St
PANAMA R. R.
TO ' NEW YORK VIA 'PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin, $105; Steerage. $4O.
S.S. Leelanaw sails Monday, Juno 3
S.S.ArfiyM , sails Monday, June 24
S. S. Leelanaw nails Monday, July IS
From Harrison-street Wharf at 2 p. m.
Freight and passenger dMce 330 Market sL
J 1 . F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
BAY AND " KIVEH STEAMERS.
FOR U: S.HAVY YARD ASD VALLEJO.
Steamer "Montlcello.**
MOI^.iTUES.. WED.. THURS. AND SAT.
*t 3:45 a. m.. 3:13. 8:30 p. m. (except Thur«-
dc- night); Fridays. 1 p. in. and 8:30; Sunday*.
10:80 a. m.. 8 p. m. ¦ Landing: and office. Mls-
¦lon-st. Dock. Pier No. 3. Telephon* Mala li*
OCEAN TEAVEL-
I WILD GOOSE MINING AND TRAD- P
ING COMPANY. • El
Passenger and Freight Steamer H ]
CHAS. D. LANE. |
NOMEl
TELLER. GOLOFNIN. PORT CLAR- S
ENCE. ETC. , »
. • . SAILS JUNE t. . " PI
Superior First ; and Second Class Pas- |
.— tenger Accommodations. 53
60 . Tons Cold Storage Capacity. ' H
This company owns the most success, til
ful lighterage plant at Nome, assuring B
safe discharge of all freight; also owns 53
and operates the Wild Goose Ry. ¦ Kg
Heavy Machinery, Bareres, Etc.. Taken. H
CHAS.'CONKLIN & CO.. 667 Market st. W
NORTHERN COpERCUL COMPANY.
NOME, StT~MICHAEL
And All Points oa Yukon Riyer.
:\ Balling Dates Subject to Changa.
From ~ San i Francisco. From Seattla.
May 25....... .3. S. "PORTLAND ...........
June l....:....S. S. VST. PAUL".........Jun»**8
May 25.:.. ....»S. S. "CONEMAUGH" ...Jun* 10
••¦CONEMAUGH" -carries freight and llva
Etock. No passengers.
For rates of passage, freight and* other par-
ticulars apply, to
; NORTHERN COMMERCIAL COMPANT.
- •'. ' 810 . Sansome. «t.. San Francisco.
COMPAONIE • GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQDS
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. _m**^ ,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of 4P$rC*fri
Saturday, at 10 a. ¦ m., from. Dler 42, ¦W'Hfll
North River, foot of Morton street, ;La Cham-
pagne, June 6; »La Lorraine, June 13: 'L'Aqui-
talne.-June.20; La. Bretngne,. June Zl:
First class to Havre. :J5o and upward. Second
class - to Havre, ¦ J45 anit upward. ¦ GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CAN-
ADA, .. 32.' Broadway. (Hudson building), New
.York. J.~ F. v FUGAZI & CO.;:. Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 ¦ Montgomery avenue/ San," Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents,
•Twin' Screw Express • Steamers. -¦--.-*
r .T Any: one desiring to buy^ a. K block oi . <<^X^
t/^^S^ bondsin a solid . institution at ' a price , i/^v"^
that .will yield 6.08 per cent can learn de- - %^^M
v tails by calling on .
88 THE WEST COAST INVESTMENT CO., , f$
. ;Phs!an Building, S. F. • v 1 L*-,
¦'¦ ( ; ' • — _. _' ¦ ¦ : " _ ' ' . ' _ ;.•-•¦'. v .... j 'J - Isigns on the heroine he tells that staid
gentleman that the young lady is a veri
table gayety girl. He marries her him
self. After the wedding Clarice finds how
she has been misrepresented and to
avenge herself decides to pretend to jus
tify the captain's description. The scene
where Clarice, "slightly under the influ
ence," enters, cigarette in hand, and
kicks "hubby's" hat off his head leads up
to the climax of the play. The bold cap-
"Clarice" to Be Put On at Alcatraz Hall Under the Direction of Miss
Hifma Buttlar, the Title Role Being Given to Miss Ethelyn Mc-
Gill, Who Must Kick a Hat Off Her Stage Husband's Head
UNITY CHAPTER WILL PRESENT
A THREE ACT FARCE COMEDY
Guard. A lawyer by profession and a
liar by choice Harry Adams
Obadiah Dawson. his uncle from Japan,
who tries to play even and as usual gets
the worst of it H. A. Glines
Timothy Tolman. his friend, who married
for money and that is all he got
% ... Niles Searls Jr.
Mr. Dalroy, the captain's festive old father
in-law Henry Schwarz
Hobson, a messeneer from the "Zinkand,"
who adds to the confusion Leo Byron
ALAMEDA. May 27.— The master butch
ers of this city have formed an organiza
tion for their mutual benefit. No lunch
orders for delivery will be received after
30:30 a. m. and no other orders for de
livery after 3 o. m. Lists of the "tad
pay" and "dead-beat" customers will be
complied and placed on file in all the mar
kets. The officers of the new association
are: President. H. B, Bramman* secre
tary W. G. Eckstein; treasurer, J. L. An
eeL 'There will be no change made in
prices by the association
Master Butchers Organize.
OAKLAND. May 27.— A. BourJohn. a
grocer doinsr business at the corner of
Fifth and Washington streets, took a shot
Q is afternoon at a man whom he thousht
uas shadowing him for some sinister pur
pose. ''
He then ordered the suspect to surren
der and claims that the man told him, he
•was a detective employed to watch for
the release of Alexander McKenzIe. the
Nome receiver, from the County Jail,
which is located across the street from
Baurjohn'js stand. / .,
The grocer marched his captive to the
jail at the point of his revolver. The de
tective" there declined to state hjs name
or his business. As Bourjohn had no
charg-es to prefer, the jailers made no at
tempt to hold the prisoner. After his re
lease from the jail he left the neighbor
hood. Jailer Schuneau said that several
men had taken turns watehinsr the Jajl
from across the street for the past week.
FOLLOWED SUSPICIONS
WITH REVOLVER BULLET
Odd Story of Belligerent Grocer, Fa
mous Prisoner, a Detective and
County Jailers. '¦;]. ''•
Clarice, the captain's pretty wife, a little
pay. but not half as bad as she Is
painted Mies Ethelyn McGiU
Mrs. Tolman, a lady of a certain age and
uncertain temper.... Miss Lou Adams
Katy, a French maid from Cork, with a
German accent Miss Eunice Glines
"Clarice" is a sparkling- little comedy
with many taking- situations. The com
plications are introduced by Captain
Racket's bold mendacity, which "finally
leads to his undoing. In order to fore
stall his Uncle Obadiah's matrimonial de-
tain is led to believe that his wife has
really been 'out to a champagne supper
with another man and the revelation is
too much for him. The illustration shows
Clarice carrying out her ruse of a "happy
jag," while the rest of the company at
tempts to restrain the husband's fury.
Clarice, thinking the, captain sufficiently
punished, relents and*explanations follow.
After the fa!! of the curtain the floor
will be cleared for dancing.
The young ladies of the Eastern Star
will serve refreshments In the banquet
hall. - - • . •
The subjects of discussion are of pres
ent grave interest to the Episcopal
Church, and it is expected will attract a
large number of both the clergy and thf
laity to the sessions.
Biehop. "William Ford Nichols; dean. Rev.
Edpar J. Lion; secretary. Rev. Charles It.
Lcthrop; treasurer, George B. Booke.,
The business session v.-ill follow. In
order will be reports from the dean, the
archdeacon and the treasurer of the dio
cese.
The general theme of the session will
be taken up during the afternoon, the
question being "Problems of the General
Convention." "Prooosed Change in the
Name of the Church," by Rev. Robert
Ritchie, will open the debate. There will
be an address on the "Canon on Mar
riage and Divorce" by Rev. E. J. Lion,
and "Missionary work of the general
convention and woman's auxiliary work
at the general convention," by Miss
Hawley and Miss "Wade.
During the evening session there will
be papers on the Sunday School Institute
read by Rev. M. D. Wilson and Rev.
W. C. Shaw.
The officers of the convocation are:
Olebrant, Bishop William Ford Nichols; kos
r*Ier. Rev. Edgar J. Lion; spistoler. Rev.
Robert Ritchie: preacher. Rev. T. J. Lacey.
rector of Christ Church, - Alameda.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
HIS Broadway, May 27.
The convocation of the Episcopal
Church cf San Francisco will be held
to-morrow at 8t. Paul's church, com
mencing with a morning session at 10
o'clock.
Tne session will be opened with the
celebration of the holy communion, the
officiating clergymen being as follows:
The programme Covers
Broad Range of Im
portant Subjects.
EPISCOPALIANS
CONVENE TO-DAY
OAKLAND. May 27.-"Clarice." a
thrc-e-act farce comedy, will be
given under the auspices of Unity
Chapter No. S6, Order of the East
ern Star, at Alcatraz Hall to-mor
row evening. Miss Ethelyn McGill will
appear in the tit!e role. The piece has
Veen faithfully rehearsed during: the last
month under the direction of Miss Hilma
Huttlar.
The cast is as follows:
Captain Robert Racket, cne of the National
MISS ETHELYIS McGILL. H. A. GLINES, HARRY ADAMS. NILES SEARLS JR.. MRS. LOU ADAMS AND MISS
EUNICE. GLINES IN A SCENE FROM "CLARICE," THE FARCE COMEDY TO BE PRESENTED THIS EVEN
IXG UNDER EASTERN STAR AUSPICES.
Many a woman is forced to stand up for
her rights in a crowded street car. .
¦ . - -¦;¦•¦ armved. , : !• .
!¦'- . - " Monday, May 27.
Sehr Volante, Carter, 18* daya from San
Diego. p ' .:'¦•¦ . . ¦¦ • -v .
" . " DOMESTIC ' PORT. * . .
NEAH BAY— Passed out May 27— Schr Olga,
for Kahulul: brier Tanner, for Honolulu; stmr
ProRreoo, for San Francisco.
I/ATE SHIPPER INTELLIGENCE.
Of the 46,988 deaths which ocurred in
Paris in 1899, as many as 12,314 aro attrib
uted to tuberculosis,. or more, than one
fourth. \ ¦; , - .'¦.•', . . ¦¦' -..'. ¦
TEAMSTERS TO QUIT IT
DEMANDS ARE UNHEEDED
Ultimatum Delivered to the Contract
1 _ ing Finns Sixty Days Ago
.Expires To-Day. ;
OAKLAND," May 27.— The teamsterjj in
the employ of the E. B. & A. L. Stone
Company, Kendall's mill and the Eagle
box factory will quit work to-morrow un
less their demands for a shorter day and
increased pay are acceded to. The men
want $2 50 for a day's work of ten hours
and $4 for a.team , of two horses. The
Teamsters' Union delivered an ultimatum
to the firms sixty days ago. and all the
employers but the three named yielded to
the demands., The ultimatum expired to
day, and Charles Johansen, representing
the men,' was instructed to tell the firms
holding out that there would be a walk
out. The demands of- the teamsters will
be enforced with the support of the Fed
eration of Labor. ' ••> ' . - , '
of the season Friday afternoon In the parlors
of the church. . At the close of the business rou
tine refreshments will be served. The Daugh
ters have invited a larxa number of friends to
be present. The reception committee will be
composed of the officers, as follows: Miss Au
gusta Klose, president: Miss Henrietta Simp
son, directress; Mrs. Bsrtha Henderson, Miss
Cora Selby and Miss Olive Klngsland. first,
second and third vice presidents: Miss Belle
Kasdale. secretary, and Miss Harriet Borland,
treasurer. Mrs. Harriet Hill and Miss, Pearl
Klngsland will assist.
The Neighborhood Club will take Its annual
outing in Redwood Canyon Thursday. Instead
of giving prizes to -winners at their meetings
this club places the dues collected in an "out
ing fund," which is expended at the end of the
year. A day's run into the country with an al
fresco luncheon has so far been most popular.
The club is quite a large one. among the mem
bers being: Dr. and Mrs. Hayward Thomas,
Mr. and Mrs. T. C. Coogan, Mr. and Mrs. R.
W. Gorrill. Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Snook, Mr. and
Mrs. W. C. Dlmmick, Mr. and Mrs. J. W.
Nelson, Mr. and Mrs. George 'W". Cope, Mr.,
and Mrs. William Baxter, Mr. and Mrs. "Wil
liam Letts Oliver, Mr. and Mrs. Morris, Mr.
end Mrs. F. I. Kendall and Mr. i and Mrs. Fred
C. Whiting. ' " •
Mr. and Mrs. R. S. Collins expect to leave
about June 3 for a vlrit to Mr.' . Collins' par
ents in Rootstown, Ohio. They will be accom
panied by Mlsa Lilian G. Bunk, Mrs. Collins'
sister, and will be absent a couple of months,
visiting the . Exposition at Buffalo and all the
large 'Cities.
The King's Daughters circle of the First Pres
byterian Church will huld their closing meeting
NEW EULES ADOPTED BY
- THE SUPERIOR COURTS
Changes Made Necessary by the Re
<: cent Addition of a Fifth
' ; • • •' ' Department.
OAKLAND, May 27.-New, rules in har
mnnv with the operation of the new. de
*m&tS Ste^winVe attended to by
3 JudgVHall to Department 2 and Judge
from
or in chambers are
established - for Department 1 during the
first e x days of the month," and so on for
thl other departments in their numerical
Or Hereafter Grand Juries will be impan
eled In De£arUnent_5^-______
Place for Berkeley Instructor.
BERKELEY. May • 27.^-Frederick L.
Wharft. late of the German department
of the University of California . has been
appointed Instructor In .French and. Ger
man at the Belmont School. - Mr. Wharft
was graduated from ¦< the university with
the class of 1890. and has taught .ln^the
Sacramento and the Siskiyou. County High
schools. ¦ ... •;•,¦,'•¦. -:_,- ."'»¦';
The reunion of High School graduates of ten
years ago, which took place Saturday evening.
at the Piedmont Clubhouse, was a delightful
affair. The class colors being pink and Bray,
the dinner table decorations were . carried out
these tints. La France roses and the pale
foflage of the "Dusty Miller" being - used
effectively. The programme wa3 quite infor
mal, Ralph Jones being toaatmaster. ''Some
Reminiscences" were given by Miss Carrie
Reed and an original p.,cm was read by Walter
H Graves. J. B. McChesney was present and
was called upon- for a few remarks. Letters
from members of tho class who were unavoid
ably absent were read. A mandolin orchestra
furnished music during the evening and the
Pleasant reunion closed, with an old-fashioned
Virginia reel. A resolution was adopted to
meet acaln in five^ years. . ,
OAKLAND, May 27.— The week was begrun
to-day with a luncheon given by Mrs. George
B. de Golla. at her home on Harrison street.
The affair was in honor of Mlsa Ethel Gage.
Two' tables were arranKtd, one In pink and the
other'in violet, and covers were laid for seven
teen. Mrs. de Qblla's guests were Miss/Ethel
Gage, Miss Pauline Lohse, Miss Kate Chabot,
Misses Carrie and Belle Nicholson, Misses Ma
bel and Bessie Gage. Mrs. A: A. Long, Mrs.
Henry Rpsenfeld, Mrs. J. C. Hampton, Mrs.
James Tyson, Mrs.- George Hammer, Mrs. E.
J Cotton. Mrs. B. G. Lukens.. Mrs. Louise Al
lender and Mrs. Wlckham Havens.
The City of Mexico is now in the hands
of the contractors who are putting 1 in tha
new system of sewers, which precedes tha
paving of the streets with asphalt.
OAKLAND, May 27.— The failure of
a pair of Japanese to pay for a
set of pork chops" precipitated an
international riot in Chinatown
last night. The entire population
leaped on the body of one of the Japanese
and so maltreated him that he had to be
taken to a doctor. But for "detachments
from the American, and German eontin
g«tits, who came on the run to the rescue;
the man would have been killed.
Satsuma and Hayatsi entered the Yan
Kee rotisserie, the s"wellest place in Chi
natown, about 7 o'clock in the evening.
Yan Kee himself waited on them. After
consuming the first course of birdsnest
soup they ordered pork chops for two for
the second. The next course was gin, but
by this time the proprietor had made up
his mind that all future orders should be
on a C. O. D. basis and that all arrearages
must be paid quickly. His customers had
been dining, with such heartiness that a
strong suspicion was aroused within his
breast that they were going to "get in on
him" for a large lump of money. Besides
he has a natural antipathy for the race
SOCIETY NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
"The item is allowed," ruled the court.
FAil'lLFXTTj PREACHIN'G # V ¦-
RECOGNIZED BY COTTRT
Pastor's Account for Subscription to
Sis Salary Allowed Against
Parishioner's Estate.
OAKLAND, May 27.— Because he had
"preached salvation to the best of hi3
ability" to his wealthy parishioner, Mrs.
Charlotte Sahlmann. during 1 her lifetime,
the Rev. C. W. MHnes of Fruitvale is
authorized by Judge Hall to draw $3 50
from her estate.
The matter was up in the Probate Court
to-day for final settlement. Mr. mines,
who is pastor of the Methodist church in
Fruitvale, was named by Mrs. Sahlmann
as her executor. Several items which ha
claimed on his own account were disal
lowed by the court at a former hearing
pending further investigation. Among
these was included one of IS 50, the residue
of a subscription made by the deceased
toward the pastor's salary.
"Never mind it, Judge," said the preach
er;, "if the heirs need it more than I do
let them have it."
"That Isn't the question," answered his
Honor. "Did Mrs. Sahlmann make this
subscription before her death?"
"Yes."
"Well, I have no doubt you fulfilled your
part by preaching salvation to her to tho
best of your ability."
"Let it go, Judge; it won't break ma
nor make them." .
The mob dragged him to the middle of
Eighth street and passed the time away
by taking running jumps and landing on
his face as he lay prostrate. They also
threw basalt paving- rocks at him and
blew police whistles In his ear. The
Chinamen would have kept up the ex
citement until the man was dead had It
rot been for the timely interference of a
man named Gallagher and another man
named Koenig, who were attracted by the
rioting. They helped, him to his feet and
walked with him to his home on Seventh
street, where he was treated by a Jap
anese practitioner. The Jap was hardly
able to stand.
The "chinks" followed the allied forces
down Franklin street, , threatening to
lynch the offender and occasionally hurl
ing onions and bricks. But when they ar
rived at Seventh street they came In sight
of a lot of pickets parading in front of a
colonizing establishment. Hayatsi ha<l
told them what had happened to him and
his ¦ countrymen prepared. They filled
their pockets with ballast from, the car
tracks and charged. The Boxers retreated
in disorder to their own breastworks, after
making a feeble show of fight. Some
heads were broken and queues hacked, but
that was all.
and didn't care to serve them anyway.
j Madly Hurls the Pork Chops.
Yan Kee bluntly told the diners of. his
conclusions and showed them the rules of
the house. The effect was instantaneous.
Satsuma let fly a plateful of pork chop
bones, at Yan Kee's head. Hayatsi flung
a potted plant in the same direction. Both
gentlemen then moved toward the door.
But egress was barred to the Japs by
the hordes of Chinamen, who came fast
as soon as they heard a noise. Satsuma
got wedged in the doorway and could os
cillate neither way. His friend was being
chased around the restaurant with knives,
forks and cleavers. It looked bad for the
late diners for e while, but finally a great
thought struck Satsuma. He yelled it to
Hayatsi at the top of his lungs. Hayatsi
caught the' idea immediately and began
to throw anything he could lay his hands
on at the windows and crockery. The
rotisserie was coon a sad wreck. Before
he got through Hayatsi had Yan Kee et
al. running in another direction from him.
and in the excitement he made good hl3
escape. /
Chinamen Toy With Satsuma.
After this the wrath of the populace was
concentrated on the unfortunate Satsuma.
SCENE IN OAKLAND'S CHINATOWN AFTER TWO LOATHED SUBJECTS OF THE- MIKADO HAX> REACHED
THE THIRD COURSE IN YAN KEE'S SWELL ROTISSERIE y AND FAILED TO RESPOND TO THE SUSPI
CIOUS PROPRIETOR'S DEMAND FOR MONEY. \
Satsuma and Hayatsi Enter the Swell Rotisserie of Yan Kee and
Upon Being Asked for Money "Get Bad," Whereupon All
Chinatown Hurls Itself Upon the Despised Citizens of Japan
INTERNATIONAL RIOT CAUSED
BY UNPAID-FOR PORK CHOPS
Some pictures taken from, life Indicate
that the artist ought to be.
OAKLAND. May 27.— William .F. 5 Hop
kins, the young capitalist, who is ; being
sued by his wife, -Mrs. Ida W. Hopkins,
for absolute divorce, was ¦ "granted -a
change of venue by Judge Hall this af
ternoon. Hopkins presented affldavltH to
show' his residence; is in San Francisco.
Husband Gets Change of Venue. V
OAKLAND, May 27.— The Board of Su
pervisors has voted $500 for the Oakland
Fourth of July celebration and $250 for the
same purpose for Llvermore. Ajent Mul
len of the Building Trades Council pre
sented a protest at ¦ to-day's meeting
against the alleged violation of the eight
hour law by contractors doing county
work.
Supervisors Aid Celebration.
OAKLAND, May 27.— The United States
Circuit Court injunction which prevented
the former. City Council from enacting a
water rate ordinance for the ensuing fis
cal year was dissolved to-day by Judge
Morrow, thus leaving the way open for
the present -Council to pass such legisla
tion. The City Council will resume Its in
auirles " to-morrow evening. .Auditor
Arthur H. Breed has not decided whether
he will draw the warrants for payment of
the Contra Costa Water Company's bills.
Dissolves an Injunction.
OAKLAND, May 27.— Edward Frick, . an
engineer for the Southern Pacific Com
pany, has been enjoined by his wife's
guardian from spending his salary. The
guardian has brought suit against Frick
for the maintenance of his wife, who is
an incompetent, and thinking he would
spend his monthly stipend top soon, se
cured an Injunction against him from
Judge Ellsworth.
Enjoined From Spending Salary.
Two Students Die Suddenly.
BERKELEY, May 27.— Two university
students died suddenly to-day. William
H. Hilton Jr., aged 23 years, died of con
gestion of the lungs after three days' in
ness. Pie was a graduate of the class of
1900 and held aposition as student assist
ant in the Colleg©>of Mining. P. Homer
Berka aged 23. died at his home in Lprin
after a week's illness of typhold-pneumo
nia. He had completed half his course in
Toland Medical College.
ALAMEDA, May 27.-Sadie Hackett. a
little colored girl, to-day proved herself to
be the champion speller of the grammar
grades of the School Department Sho
was the last to remain standing In the
final "spell-down" of the annual tourna
ment. Miss Hackett was the winner of
the spelling bee held last year. In to
day's contest the Haight School team de
feated the Eticinal School. The Lone
fellow School lost to the Wilson School
and the latter was beaten by the Haisht
School. The judges were Frank Otis Os
wald Lubbock, Roswell Wheeler and* Dr
A. W. Scott. ¦
Wins Spelling Championship.
OAKLAND, May 27.— A. vaudeville en
tertainment will be given to-morrow even
ing at Dietz's Opera-house for the benefit
of the invalid mother of Miss' May de
Villiers ' The programme is being ar
ranued under the direction of Miss de
Villiers, who/ although only 15 years -of
age is a: very graceful dancer, and Del
sarte students. A number of professionals
and amateurs of local repute have volun
teered their services and Baby ¦ Hazel de
Villlers the tiniest cakewalker .In the
State will be seen In several of her'new
est specialties. Little Hazel has already
made her appearance several times at the
Chutes, although she has seen as, yet
barelv three summers. Among those "who
will assist are .Mr. Calvert, Miss Cora
Scheithe and M1S3 AlrnaScheithe. . ;
Benefit for Invalid Mother.
Closing Exercises for the Term to Ba
Held at St. Joseph's
Institute.
OAKLAND, May 27.— Fourteen young
girl graduates of St.' Joseph's Institute
in "West Oakland r.re to receive their
diplomas at the graduating exercises in
the Institute auditorium on Thursday
evening. They, are Mary O Brien,
McKay, Clara Hudson, Krma Long, Nora
Kane, Gertrude Cuddy, Mary. McSle,
Mary Walsh,' Margaret Madden, Theresa
Crowley, Mary | Lacey 'and Margaret
Ker.ny". A programme of vocal and In
strumental numbers has been arranged
and it will be followed by the production
of an operetta, "a Dream of Fairyland,"
in which fifty of the institute pupjls will
take part. The second part of the pro
gramme will include selections from the
opera "II Trovatore" and two acts from
the drama, entitled '"The Heiress."
Father McNally, pastor of St. Patrick's
Church will address 'the graduates. ¦*•..-
GIRL GRADUATES TO i
.RECEIVE DIPLOMAS
Members "Will Try to Prevail Upon
School IMxectors to Re
consider. ;
OAKLAND, May 27.— Members of the
High School Alumni have interested
themselves in Professor J. B. McChes
ney's behalf and will make, an effort to
have the Board of Education reinstate
him in his old position as principal of
the Oakland High School. A meeting
was held at the home of F. S. . Stratton
at which the situation was discuss*'! and
It was decided to see each member of the
Board of Education individually with a
view toward bringing about a reconsid
eration of the action of the board. Those
interested in the matter are F. S. Strat
ton " Judge F. W. Henshaw. Senator G.
R Lukens, F. E. Brigham. W. A. Dow,
W H Gorrill, John G. Hoyt, Everett
Brown, Hart II. North. Frederick » C.-
Turner, Charles C. Gushing, James Mof
•fitt, John Henderson, Reno Hutchinson
and Dr. George C. Pardee. , ¦ /
HIGH SCHOOL ALUMNI
TO ASSIST McCHESNEY
After Wolf's wrathful exit the trial of
the case went on. Menges had, plenty of
witnesses to testify that they, believed his
wife of unsound mind, and a decree was
given on that ground dissolving the mar
riage. Menges testifying that he did not
know at the time of the tfceddlng that his
wife was Insane. Menges Is a plumber,
living at 821 Center street. His place of
business Is in San Francisco.
Until the misunderstanding in court-to
day the defense has felt confident of easily
winning the suit. Mrs. Menges' father
W. C. Good, who was a party to the suit
as her guardian, was too ill to appear in
court to-day, and a doctor's certificate to
*I> a f, effect was presented by Attorney
Wolf. He had already secured one con
tinuance and the Judge refused to allow
further delay.
Menges brought the suit for annullment
of the marriage on the ground that his
wife is of unsound mind. He said that he
learned of her insanity five weeks after
their marriage, but continued to live with
her for nine" years, during which time sev
eral children were born to the couple
The case lirst came up before Judge
Ellsworth. He declared that the conten
tion of the plaintiff seemed to him, If
granted, to open the way for monstrous
abuse of the meaning of the law allowing
a man to claim the better part of a
woman's life and to discard her when it
suited his pleasure. The case was trans
ferred to Judge Greene's court for con
venience.
Exasperated at the refusal of Judge
Greene to grant him a continuance in the
Menges marriage contest case on account
of the illness of one of his clients, Attor
ney Myron E. Wolf to-day withdrew from
the courtroom, leaving the plaintiff, Adam
F. Menges, to get judgment by default.
Wolf declared he would appeal the case
to the Supreme Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
111S Broadway, May 27.
Lawyer Leaves Court
room When Continu
ance Is Refused.
JUDGE AROUSES
ATTORNEY'S IRE
Organ prelude. Professor W. B. King; prayer,,
Rev. William Kelly of the English Lutheran
Church": introductory remarks, Edward C.
Robinson, president of the evening, past post
division commander Eons of Veterans; solo —
"Forever With the Lord" (Anton Strelizkl),
Mrs. Henry Lysander Corson; reading— "The
Men Who Died" (Ruth Hays), Mrs. Carrie
Kross Snyder; vocal solo (selected), J. M. Rob-
Jnson; oration, Kev. Ernest E. Baker,' D.D.,
of the First Presbyterian Church; vocal solo-
Invocation (A. Balkin), Mrs. Blake Alverson;
violin oblipato, Mlsa Esther Wilson; reading
(selected). Miss Mabel Richardson; violin solo—
"Cavatina" (J. Raft), Professor John Coombs;
vocal Bolo— "Star-Spangled Banner." Mra. T.
C Masteller; vocal trio— "Protect Us" (Cush
man), Mrs. William E. Blake soprano. Miss
Cora Rayburn mezzo soprano, Mrs. Blake Air
verson contralto. Miss Alice Calvin accom
panist. Miss Esther Wilson violin obllgato;
"America," by the audience; benediction.
Following are the parade officers:
Grand marshal, Major Charles T. Poul
ter. Fifth Regiment, N. G. C; aids—Prin
cipal P. M. Fisher, Central School; Com
mander A. Hollywood, Admiral D. D. Por
ter No. 169, G. A- R.; Commander J. H.
Smith, Lyon Post No. 8. G. A- R.; Com
mander "W. R. Elford, Appomattox No. 50,
G. A- R., and F. C. Shipley, Colonel E. D.
Baker Camp No. 5, S. of V.
After the exercises at the Grand Army
plat Company A, Veteran Reserves, N. G;
C, will' render military honors at the
grave of Captain Henry E. Nichols of the
United States gunboat Monadnock at the
Mexican Veterans' plat and at the graves
of departed soldiers In St. Mary's Ceme
tery. The chaplain of Colonel Liscum
Camp service men of the Spanish war will
offer the prayers.
The programme for the evening exer
cises at the First Presbyterian Church is
as follows:
March from cemetery Kates to G. A. R. plat,
10:30 a. .m. ; opening, "Star-Spangled Banner,"
Band Company A, Veteran Reserves, N. G. C ;
prayer. Rev. Stephen It. Wood, pastor Ply
mouth Congregational Church; .introductory,
President of the Day Mayor Anson Barstow:
cong, "Keller's American Hymn," chorus,
boys and eirls of Durant School,, directed by
Mrs. E. E. Greenman; reading, "Lincoln's Get
tysburg Address," J. Rillin Pitch, Colonel E.
D. Baker Camp No 5, Sons of Veterans; song,
"God Bless the Soldier," chorus, boys and girls
of Durant School, directed by Mrs. E. E. Green
man; address. Rev. Charles K. Jenness, pastor
Trinity M. E. Church, Berkeley; placing flags
on veterans' graves. Suns of Veterans of Colo
nel K. V. Baker Camp No. 5; strew
ing flowers on graves and decoration of
the monument to the unknown dead by boys
and girls from the city schools, to three rolls
of the drum, directed by Principal P. M.
Fisher, Central School; song, "America," cho
rus, boys and girls of Durant School, directed
r.y Mrs. E. E» Greenman: firing military sa
lue. detail of service, Spanish War Veterans'
Camp Liscum, Lieutenant F. L. Baker in com
mand; taps.
The Grand Army 'veterans, with auxil
iary organizations, will have charge of
the Memorial day observance on May 30.
The programme for the exercises at the
Grand Army plat In Mountain View Ceme
tery is as follows:
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 27.
Military Tribute to the
Soldiers Who Have
Departed.
VETERANS PLAN
TO HONOR DEAD
Winfleld S. Baggett, Roy Benedict Baker, Mao
Kstelle Uaudln. Louise Katherine Bonnemort.
Edith May Boyd. Elmer Ellsworth Brinker
hoff Evelyn Winifred Brooks, Catherine Lucy
Cogan Helen La Baree Crandall, Jeanette
Ethel Doub, Gladys Sayre Dunbar, Kathryn
Klvira Dunn. William Fred Ellis, Christine
English, George Freeman, Josephine Julia Gil,
Rosse Mozart Gllson Belknap Chlttenden
Goldsmith, Clara Louiee Hagar, Carl Hoff
mann, Harry Monroe Howard, Frances Au
gusta Hughes, Bessie M. Lancaster. Lulu Lo
vasier, Gertrude Ali<;e Livingston. . Ruette
Llewellyn Lynch." Harvey Blanchard Lyon.
Martin Elkan Marks, Hazel McGraw. Ruthe
McKee. Charles Leland McVey. Emily Flor
ence Morrison. Alfred Holt Norton, Alice
O'Connell, Hazel Osborn, Karah Bell Phillips,
Ethel Bancroft Richardson, Gus Charles Rtnst
olsky, Rudolph Schilling, Frank. ¦Willis Bhay,
Adaline Ruth Shreve, Clarence Arthur Shuey,
Charles MacDonald Smllie, Jessie B. Smith,
Oliver Bailey Smith, Edith Fern Snow, Cath
erine Stewart, Clara Morris Stoddard. Ada
Catharine Stor.e. Allan Woodcourt Strowger.
Frederick Paul Vickery, James F. Van Loben
Sels, Aileen Margaret Watkins. Ethellnda Slee
Watklns and Susie B. Wilson. )
GRADUATES TO GIVE
A CLASS BAY FABCE
High School Students Arrange th3
Celebration of the Close of
the Term. .
OAKLAND, May 27.— The class day
farde of the Oakland High School will be
given June 6. It is "Esmeralda." The
commencement exercises will be held June
7 at 8 o'clock p. m. The graduating class
is as follows: • *
Mr. Wilder is a brother of the late A.
D. Wilder, who was superintendent of the
western division for many years and un
til his death two years. ago. The new as
sistant stands high in' the esteem and
confidence of the division -officials, and
brings to his new post of duty a wide ac
quaintance and complete familiarity with
the intricate details of train operation.
The Southern Pacific Company officials
have decided to restore the position of
resident engineer of the western division,
which was combined with that of assist
ant division superintendent when Mr. Pal
mer was named to succeed the late Joseph
E. Thompson. At that time Mr. Palmer
was resident engineer, but after his ad
vancement the two positions > were, con
solidated. .
By the decision to again separate the
duties of the two posts F. F.- Lloyd, a
clerk in the superintendent's office, will be
advanced, and on June 1 he will be given
the responsible place of resident engineer.
The reasons assigned for the re-creation
of the position are based upon the heavy
increase in traffic and the demand for
more supervision in the operating and
track departments. Much interest has
been taken in speculation concerning Mr.
Palmer's successor here, because the po
sition is deemed by railroad men a very
desirable appointment. This division, be
ing the main line terminal for both
freight and passengers, is the most im
portant on the system, particularly on
account of the added heavy local service
which is handled.
J. C. "Wilder, who- nas: been for years
connected with the superintendent's of
fice on the western division of the South
ern Pacific Company, has been promoted
to be assistant division superintendent
under James • Agler, succeeding W. S.
Palmer, who on June 1 will take charge
of the Sacramento division in place of
Jack Wright, resigned.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
1118 Broadway, May 27.
F. P. Lloyd Is Made the Res
ident Engineer at
Oakland.
J. O. Wilder Steps Into
the Place of W.S.
I ¦ Palmer.
RAILROAD MEN
ARE ADVANCED
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL V TUESDAY, MAT 28; 1901. '
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
NEWS OF THE BAY CITIES
OAKLAND BERKELEY
ALAMEDA COUNTY
11
ADVEB.TISEMENT3. : y_. -'
>:• Economical soap is one i
that a touch of cleanses. |
Pears' shaving- soap is
the best in all the world.
AH sorts of people use Pears' soap, all sorts \
of stores sell it, especially druggists.
Dfi. HALL'S RELN VIGOR ATOR OT773
Five hundred reward for any MH^M3
case we cannot cure. This secret if**
remedy stops all losses In 24 hours. E ~m
cures emissions, Impotency, Varl- I BSH
cocele. Gonorrhea, Gleet, Fits, |J»p| - 171111
Strictures. Lost Manhood and all \gBHm MM
wasting tffectd of self-abuse or | PS_JB
excesses. Sent sealed. $3 bottle; 3 m^m^^^^m
bottles, to, guaranteed to cure any case. Ad-
dress- HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. 853
Broadway, Oakland, Cal. Also for sale at M73Vi
Market et., S. F. All private dlsea«e« quickly
cured. Send for free book.THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 28, 1901.
12
BAX FHASCISCO CALL.
'BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until U o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— G27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: orwn until 9:30 p. m.
S0O Hayes etreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
C3J McAllUter street: open until 9:30 p. m.
CIS Larkln street; open until 8:50 p. m.
1941 MieMon street; open until 10 P. m.
?jei Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until t p. in.
JCB Eleventh Vtrret: open until » P. m.
J1J8 Valencia street; open until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twrnty-Meond and Ken-
turkjr ctreetn; cprn until • p. m.
2200 rillmnr»» ure^t: "rwn until » T^_HL
MEETKG XOTICBg.
CALIFORNIA Commandirry No. J, K. -*_
T * 1'i'M «t.— Officers nn<1 nvmlwnt rwn
««• tifrcby notified to nst»emblc In the KV
a«>lum on Tuesday. May 28, at 1:11 Vy
r. m.. for lh« purpos* of conducting
th# funeral of our decenred f rater and Past
I .rnntmanilT, Kir reter Dean. Full Templar
r<*rvlce. Hv ord»r of the Commander.
lUnAMT^OnAVKS, Recorder.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. K. R. A. M.. »
S-lil fniel THIS (TUESDAY) KVEN- A
ING. May £8, at ":«> o'clock. M. M. TZlX
degree. By order of the H. P. r *^
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary-^
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. snd M
A. M.— Culled meeUr.ff THIS (TUBS-
DAT) EVENING, at 7:S3 o'clock. D. /L>?
3. By order of the W. M. * ~
* EDWIN L. MEYER. Secretary.
HARMONY Lodge No. 13, I. O. O. .sgWSC^.
r.— The officer* and the funeral
committee of the above named
lodge are hereby notified to as- .. """
prmble at Odd Fellows* Hall, corner Market
nnd Seventh ets., on TUESDAY. May 23.
at 1:30 o'clock- p. m. sharp for the purpose
of pttenfline the funeral cf our late brother
FDW. WENZEL. P. G. By Vorder of the
W. G. CHAS. QUAST. Fin. Sec
OWING to Thursday, May SO, being XjO^
a legal holiday, the meeting of the PfpSjL\
Brotherhood of Teamsters, local vihria^i
union No. 85. will be postponed until
THURSDAY. June 6. /T~\
JOSEPH MILLMORE. President.
THE Caledonian Club will hold Its v %7 5-1.
ihirty-flffh annual esxlheririir and A \3V/2
Famn at Shell Monnd Park on > E*s§i2^
THURSDAY. Mav SO. The best ""fcs 3 **
•thMes of the Pacific Coast will compete
for prizes. Over $2500 will be distributed.
Full bands for pavilion dancing uo to 8
j>. ra. Bacpipers for platform and fancy
oancir.p. Over forty events on programme:
pet one. A Highland welcome with' a full
day of pleasure to all. Buy round-trip ferry
tickets fcr Shell Mound Park. Admission to
grounds, adults. SCc; children. 25c.
' COMMITTEE.
AGEXTS WAVTED.
MAN to Follcit; city or country; can make
fr^in *2 to iZ per day. Apply 3 Taylor Bt.
ASPHALTUM ROOFIXG.
3, PELTIER, asphalt rocflng, sidewalks r«-
pnired: postal. 11S6 Mission: lei. FolEom 1607.
ATTOItXEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a Fpecialty; private;
nn fee without success: collections. G. V?.
HOWE, atty at law. EM Market, cor. Stockton.
FRANK LITTLE, attorney at law; general law
practice. Room 22. 137 Montgomery et., S. F.
APVICE free: no charree unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. S27 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. S. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
Vet et. ; consultation free: no fees in advance.
_£ A J[5S- f L
TOUR kitchen stove will yield boiling hot
water for baths by using LANE'S new gal-
vanized pipe system; ring up Main 315; con-
rultation free. «
nOAltniXG FOR CHILDREX.
1 OR 1 children to board, week or month; best
w-Furnv v»rd :nr. school :rea?onable.l607 Cal.
HISIXESS CHANCES.
A— SOW; PARTNER wanted In restaurant and
coffee saloon clearing about $250 per month;
choicest location near the Prerldlo: a rare
charice. Call R. G. WILKE. ;«H Kearny st.
A~VM; RESTAURA:.T; rent tt'J; location
close to Kearny Ft.; 4 living rooms; good
liuplness. Particulars R. G. WILKE, 26>,4
Kearny Bt.
A— S* r( >; PARTNER wanted In manufacturing
buElr.eff; a rare chance for right party, as
thfre is mrmey In eight. Call Jl. G. WILKE,
£84; Kf-arny et.
X— »««>: nnAN'CII bokery with r\\ee\y fur-
nlfhefl room; rent 112: daily receipt* f JO; Jo-
rRtlon PoJk et. Call R, O. WILKB, 2CVi
K«-arny pt.
A RARI5 phsne»; price Ii:«"i; dairy, t)ro<Juee
m..i *1«-l|rflT#-fia«*n Horn, clearlnK «bov« tJCO p«»r
Jtjftnth; vf x MS; stofU will tnvolc* tirlc;
JfiCBtUn <*n't bt bent. Coll R. Q. WILKH,
W? K^artiy m.
ASStArVKLWAtrr utor* with branch bok*ry;
llvin< rofimn; rent tv<; chfiletM locution: Vo-
l^nrlft #t.; firrtK m«k» an offer. Call It. (I.
_W11,KB. £6H Kparny nt.
A-4110; HAl/»fiN; no l>»ti»r lf.ratt'1 Maee In
ihi* (•»)•; rrM fcO; plam f!i»art< eimUy $16o
pt-r month; nn night work. See n. O.
WILKE. Sfi'i Kearny tL
A— flfio": HALF Interest In leading restaurant;
rrlvate iKiieit; lr>f-at»<1 cloiie to Powell and
ets. O. WILKE. 2f>H Kearhy st.
A -$: w ; BOA RPING andliVory stabier>v>»iu
*rn Adflltlon; net rent t4S; clenrlnK above $lfi0
T?r month; Inrse patroncee; stock of bug-
• r1"S. horsen nnd harnfss first-class. Cull Jl.
<1. WILKE, 2S'i Kearny st.
A— *S(i<!; COnxpR grocery and bar with 4 llviog
rr>r,mr: CFtabllsh»'l yrarg; rent $3J: Icatloii
o«!n't be beat nnd the business is flrst-clabb.
rail K. (i. WILKE. gC^ Kearny st.
A— t4(XKi; SALOON on Market et. ; place eslah-
Ilfhed many >ecrs and doing a larg» busl-
nesr; net rent S13.*: sickness in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WJLKE. 26H Kearny Bt.
A— CANDY Ftoro In Western Addition.... $;©)
• DfllcAcyttore; pood stock; no opposition 500
Saloon in bucinoss district 450j
Saloon near beach, $400; aialoon and lodg-
ing-houfse I S^D
Photograph gallery; pays well; Market st 2flO)
Merchandise burtnesn In good town 120"
Cornrr grocery and bar. from tiOO up to.. 4000
Statlo:;erv stores, ciger stand.', bath houses
<J*-:icac> etorcs. In all parts of cltv. from $150
up. EITEL &; CO.. 1032 Markr-t Ft
WANTED— For cash, branch bakery; also sa-
¦loon with lodging-house. EITEL, 1032 Market.
AAA— 100 CIGAR stands. 200 groceries and bars,
SCO randy and icecream stores, 600 restaurants,
900 stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. S3S Market St.
FOR private sale— Rome of best saloons In cltv.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 83S Market st. '
I HAVE bargains in grocarles and bars, res-
taurants. bakeries, candles, cigars, notions •
drug stores, etc. JOSEPH BAILIE, 758 Mkt.
I have purchased the real estate business of
Horn. Solomon & CO. Jos. Bailie. 759 Market.'
J3*O— CORNER grocery and bar; established 20
years: bargain, on account of other business.
Mclaughlin & co., 77714 Market st.
$100— PARTNER wanted; commission" business.
Mclaughlin & co., 777% Market st.
IF you are getting only S per cent for youj
.money call upon us; our securities pay 5 to
. « per cent. West Coast Investment Co., Phe-
lan building.
$600-SALOON
•Mirslon et. ; dally receipts $16; cheap "rent''
4 years' lease; stock and fixtures invoice $500 :
sell this week. Apply 906 Market st.r rm. s!
RESTAI'RANT; good location: dally receipts
$34 to $20; In complete running order; living
room connected; rent only $13: owner must
leave} make offer to-day. 12 Washington st.
BUTCHER Bhop in a flourishing country town"
doing fine business, cheap for $500; sell to-
day f2^0. p.uslness Board Trade. 326 Pine st.
A whole building to lease; 15 Grant ave. ; fine
location; suitable any business; rear entrance.
BRANCH bakery and variety store; good Dlace
for man and wife. C91 Fourth st.
$200— BAKERY, notions, school supplies etc ¦ 2
schools In block; cause, death; no 'agents*
Apply 823 Greenwich Bt.. 8. E. corner Jones!
$1CO— PARTNER wanted; saloon. 640 Commer-
cial ct.. nccond door from Kearny; rent $20.
PARTNER In some splendid paying patent*"-
t-lthcr lady or gentleman. Call at 7 Clara st.'
$200— FOR rale, etore doing good business In
home baking, delicacies, candy, notions,
school supplies, etc.; 4 living rooms; reni
tit. 4S01 Eighteenth st.. corner Diamond.
$300— KACRIFICE: paying cigar store in town
of f>000 Inhabitants; clears over 170 n<r
month. Box 2192. Call office. l
DBXTAL otttcf. well advertised, doing a busi-
ness of $<S00 a month; this Is, a rare chance
for the right party. Address box 41144. Call
Office. r^j. I «
PRACTICAL carpenter can secure an Interest
In «n established, profitable business; capital
required 1125. Apply CS2 Market »t.. room 6.
A TARGAIN; naloon and grocery for sale; 3
¦ -ii v rooms In rear; rent $25. Call at 1034
Howard ft. ¦ '
FOR «a!e— Good-paying Mloon: beet location;
low rent; going away. Box 3226, Call office.
nUSIXESS CnAXCCS-— •Conttnnyfl.
FOR sale— $3000; old-established flower store,
with nursery, hothouse, etc., boiler, horses,
wagons, plants and trees of nil descriptions;
established many years and doing-* money-
making business. Particulars CARL CARL-
SON, CO} Halght st.
WANT to buy good shoemaklng business cheap.
Address box 3257, Call office.
MAN with $300 to Join party to work placer
claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call office.
U)i»;i.\(;-iioii.suM koii bale. -
A PEW OP PECKER'S DAnGAINS.
J4 rooms; line sunny corner I 705
2» rooms; new; elegant furniture... 2,oC0
Jl rooms on Blxth St.; rent 130............ 42 1
22 room* on Market st J.jw
20-room liour-e on Turk ct .••••• _«zw
M rooms; rent $150; clear* $500 2.JWJ
14 rooms on O'Farrell st.j new I'OO
2B rooms on Kearny nt. : clears $100 l.OW
<5-room hoi:**; clears $110...... .......... Z-2J2
16 rooms on Hlxth st 7W
100 rooms; corner; clears $W0..... ....... 7,oog
120 rooms: «'lears $000 1J.0O0
3< rooms; new and clears $100.'. J'jw
SO-room houm (transient) *i«yj>
I* room* on Mlxalon «t •"•> _..' B0
10ft OTHKIl HOUSES FROM $100 TO $|0.jM0.
OlVn MK A OALL-I CAN SUIT VOU.
RVERT HOUBB I HULL CAN 1«5 J»AID
KOlt AT THE RATE OF $10 PER MONTH.
I hav« been In this bunlneas In this city over
S6 years and have eeen every hotel, bourdlng
and rooming-house built, and can tell whether
ihey will' pay.
II. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st, opposite
Fifth; phone Mint 796.
MARION GRIFFIN.... The Real Estate Agent,
719 Market «t., rooms 1 and 2. by Call bldg.
Houses of 20 rooms are In big demand.
Hera Is part of my list
20 r.. Grant J1800 20 r.. Ellis $1600
20 r., Jessie 700 20 r.. Market 1000
20 r.. Mission lOOu 20 r., Seventh ...'. 1500
20 r., O'Farrell.... 3000 20 r., Geary 1400
20 r., Market 830 20 r., O'Farrell ... 1350
20 r. Eddy 14M 20 r., Kearny .... 1600
20 r.. Mason 2300 20 r., Geary 2000
20 r. Turk 1000 20 r.. Fifth 1000
I am agent for sale of 471 rooming houses.
Please call for list of any size or price.
I have money to loan on any house I sell.
If you want to sell your house, phone me.
Telephone Black 1-8-0-3.
A. CAMERON & CO., /
S50 Market st. and 8 Stockton st.
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32S.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to Eel! list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. Fee Itst of bargain*.
58-room hotel; rent $125; fine business.... $4000
20 rooms; rent 73; newly renovated 1200
14 rooms; hardwood finish; income $120.. 700
12 rooms; rent $40; sunny; good furn 550
20 rooms; «or. ; cheap rent: good trans't. 1000
J9 rooms; rent $60; good furn.; clears $70. 1000
15 rooms; cor.; sunny: pays well S00
8 rooms; rent $35: 6 furnished 200
12 room; California st.; rent $50; apart-.
ments: oak and mahogany furn; first-
class roomers 800
SELECT YOUR HOUSE FROM THE LARG-
EST LIST IN TOWN. .
8 rooms; lovely corner; new furniture.. $350
10 rooms; Van Ness; cost $1400; to-day.. 1000
20 rms.: downtown; nr. Market: rent $75. 1200
35 rooms; big money-maker: Al value.. 2900
318 r modern house; gopd cor.; make offer.
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses and country hotels.
See our special bargain list before buying.
WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Market st.
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.— A good list
of lodging-houses.
15 ROOMS: permanent; walnut furniture.. $1200
20 r.: rent $100: clears $80 a month 1100
fO r. ; private sale; money-maker; central 1500
10 r.; rent $43; always full 500
Fl r ; on Sixth; rent $150; light and airy.. 2800
23 r.; on Sixth: rent $50 900
JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market St.
ATTENTION. BUYERS!
You may buy any rooming-house In
the city, and pay for It
In monthly payments
from the profits
of the house.
Vacant hous»s furnished.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market. -
WINSTON & WOLF.
1026 Market nt.
21 rooms; part rssh: central $1200
32 rooms: rent ?40; clears $100 1200
42 rooms: cheap rent: clears $100 2000
S3 rooms; rent JSO; reduced to » 800
20 rooms, corner, only COO.
FISHER & CO.. W5 Market St., opp. Mason.
37 rooms, price fS(V>; 25 rooms, price J14CA
•24 rooms, pr'ce *1000; 12 rooms, price S530.
26 rooms, price JWO: 11 rooms, price $325.
S rooms, finely furnished, rent $30. $500.
If a bargain we have them at any price.
9 ROOMS on Mfnna St.; price $250.
14 rooms on Taylor Rt. : price $700.
9 rooms on Rlxth St.; price *4M.
19 rooms on Grant nve.; nrlee $1600.
Eureka Real Estate, 28 Sixth st.
SNAP— 2S-room 1jouf«\ nil full: good reason for
Felling; rent $C0. 420 Sixth st,
PARTIES wishing to purchase lodging-houses
»t reasonable prices call lM>S'/4 Market, r. 4,
A WEEK'P m*w« for S cents— The Weekly Cnll,
» pnj?f>. In wrapper, for mailing. »1 per year.
LOl>fJlVCJ-l!ni\Nl-:s TO LET.
WANTED, at fln<v»=-O«ert tenant* for 4 now
rnnm houEfn, WECK A CO.. «67 Marknt Bt,
gIMRITITAL.1831.
MRS. J. J. WHITNRY. trance, buflneM med-
ium: llf» wirr; exnmltu-K or*, oil locntlons.
1K.4 OTarrell *t,; Kllln car; sltt., tl; letter,
$2, medical clairvoyant; crurrs chronic and i.b-
wur«? dlneaijPB. ____ s __ J _ =t ____
Elt, WHEULK.n, medium, wilt read your life
rorrectly: circle* Tuct*Jny nnd ftnturdAy evrn-
Itie*: renfllnpH daily 1 ti 4: Udl»* 6fic, Rents
$1. 805 Larkln rt, fourth floor, 87 and 88.
MRP. LOriBK B. imiJW. Pnychlc. Electric
arA Magnetic Hrnl*r. Room 14, 305 Larkln
Kt. ; tel. Howard 2711; hours 10a. m. toC p. m
MmT~EnEhHAnDT'8 convincing tects ~tiv
night. 10c: skeptic* jnvlted. '5250 Twenty-sec-
ond *t. ; phone Blue !1S4.
ARNOLD & DICKFON'B materializing seance
to-night; marvelous readings dally; COc, $1.
14* Sixth Et., room C.
MRS. HUBBARD. 309 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday. 8 p. m.; Wednesday, 2:30, 10c; read-
ing dally. COc.
MRS. HARLAND'P clrrie to-night; articles
read. 10c; business readings, COc, fL 148 Cth.
I MRS. 1 DUNHAM, 14 McAllister st.. room 35—
Circles to-day, 2 and 8 p. m. : sittings dally.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat.; 10c. 148 Sixth St., 2d floor.
! FRIENDSHIP Hall. 333 McAlllFter-Mrs. C. J.
Meyer; slttlngK dally; test to all to-night; 10c.
11ME. YOUNG'S demonHtratlon of spirit return
to-night. C03 McAHlPter, 10c; come, skeptics.
C. v; MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance
8\j\ m., SOc. 10R4 Bush st.. near L«avenworth.
RAYMOND, boy medium, grand trumpet se-
ance to-n'.ght; testa to all. GOO Gough Rt.
Mrs. Gllllngham. hrs. 1 to u; olrcles Sim.. Wed.,
Frl.. lQc.305 Larkln. Wed.. Sat..Oakld, E32 22d.
MRS. LESTER. 14S Sixth st.. room 18— Circle
every night, 10c; readings daily, 50c.
EARI,E, C22 Oeary St.. telephone Polk 1297—
Readings <Inlly; seances Tues.. Thurs. & Sun.
MRS. ALICE AUSTIN, business and test me-
d!um; clairvoyant; card reader. 715 Post St.
MRS. DR. DEAN, magnetic healer. 117 Taylor
Ft., room 14.
KATIE HEUSSMANN,. 136 West Mission *t..
nr. 13th— Circle Sun. eve.. 25c: sittings dally.
A WEEK'S news fcr C centi«— The Weekly Call.
CLAIRVOYAMS.
MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located at 17 Third St.. next Examiner bldg.
She reads yo\r life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
' happenings and portrays events to occur In the
future. If you are In trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect patlsi'actlon guaranteed.
BROESKE BROESKE BROESKE
The well-known psychic and scientific
palmist; gives advloe on all affairs of life;
reads your entire life— past, prepent and fu-
ture: your character, talents, abilities,
health, etc.: gives advices In regard to pro-
fession, love affairs, business, speculations,
etc.; scientific palmistry taught: oral palm-
istry; readings $1; perfect satisfaction by
mall. Bend stamp for circular,' 203 Turk st.
MRS. DR. F.. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, it permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave.. rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall: send stamp for pamphlet with
special term*. Dally end Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the creat clairvoyant, tells
past and future; never falls; has the greatest
Egyptian secret: shows picture of future hus-
' band or wife; 25c .up; satisfaction to every-
body; cure diseases by sympathy. 215% Sixth,
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium. 2.1c up. 472 Stevenson nt., cor. 6th."
FOR peace of mind see Mesmar. the great
clalr.. life reader; truth only. 1152 Mission.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; Iadles23c~
gentx f.Oc. 651 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
MRS. 'MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 116th; German spoken; teI.Howard.1848.
MME. SCHAFFER. s'.airvoyant, card Treader;
sittings dally. 44&H Jetsle St.. bet. Sth and 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card render ana
palmistry; truth or no pay: 23c. 1143 Mission.
O/A TH VOYANTS-~Cowf «wne.rt. ,
ARRIVED — — ARRIVED
MADAM MONTAGUE •
Clairvoyant and palmist. Are you anxious
concerning your future, i love, marriage,
money, business, employment, health, . etc. 7
Consult Madam Montague at once; holy power
and advice i await you; she gives names,
facts and dates; perfect satisfaction by mall;
hours 10 a. m.. 8 p. m. 1382 Market st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil-second sight;
diagnoses disease wltli life reading; lfldle»60e,
gents tt palm, and clalr. wit, tl BO. 128 Turk.
IHMAR, tho Egyptian eyp*y, clalrvoynnt and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op,
flth: private readings dally, 10 a. m. to 6 p.,m.
KNOW your fate; Mme. Richards, astrologlenl
. palmist and render of human destiny; nevjr
falln; readings, COe. 1203 Mlnslon st.. corner 8th.
MMR.~~BANDICn8, 88 McAllfstcr st,, modlum
and polmlut; teach** mind telegraphy nnd
elves advice on nil bu»lne»n: hours 12 to 8.
Mlis ZEMDAR, young, gift*! clnlr. and nnlm-
Ist; lion m-cond sight; wonderful prophitej*;
names given; 1. COc; g. 11. 1203 Market, cor.8th.
MM 15. RAVKNNA readn life fluently; business
ndvlce: nnmew given: ?s<i »n- ft Fourth »t.
CARrET DEATiyO AND .Cj^AWim
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
•end to SPAULmNO'S Pioneer Carptt-Heat-
lncr Works, 323-357 Tehsma St.; tel. South 40.
RUDOLPH & CO., earpet-beatlnjr works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Howard 2381.
JONE8 & CO., reliable carpet-cloaners and ron-
ovators. 25-27 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 1061.
BANITART cleaning o.n3 dyeing company. $42-
844 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Beating Works. G. H.'
STEVENS, mgr.. 38-40 8th St.: tel. South 230.
J. E. MITCHELL Cavpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co.. 240 Fourteenth st;; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 894. OEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at the lowest rates. STRAT-
TON, 8 Eighth st.; telephone Jessie 944.-
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Bsatlng Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephonp East 126.
CHIROPODISTS.
INGROWN nails, bunions, corns, warts, chll-
blalns: painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter..
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st.
' COTTACES TO ."l^ET.
SUNNY 4 rooms; yard; 7 Rlncon ave.. off Sec-
ond st. Key 623 Second st.; small family
only; $10. .
COTTAGE TO LET-BELVEDERE.
FOR rent— Very desirable cottage of 6 rooms
and bath in Belvedere; furnished complete,
including piano; terms reasonable. Apply
Harmon Cottage, Belvedere, Cal., or 2219B
Sutter St., city.; phone Pine 20f>6.
DENTISTS.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket St.. cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
}3 50 up; plates, extractions free, $i 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D., Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and filings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method; 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free; prices
cheapest and guaranteed: lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns, $3 50; fillings,
SOc; plates, $5: full set: all work painless and
warranted. Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth.
EXPERT dentist in order to build up a prac-
tice will fill teeth, make plates, gold crowns
and bridge work at bedrock prices; payments,
j Office 1141 Polk st.. cor. Sutter; open Sundays.
! A NEW thing in gold filling: no hammering as
before; absolutely no pain; Investigate; exam-
' lnatlons free. Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy,r.44&32.
TARIS Dental Parlors, 235 Kearny, cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, $4; crowns, $3; fillings, 25c.
DR R. L. WALSH.815% Oeary.nr.Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c;plates $5 up;phone Polkll33.
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer buiiaing: formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEfIT prices In S, F. Painless extraction,
We. N. Y, PentiKtH, 9C9 Mission St., cor, Sth.
VAN VROOM— "Painless"; evening* and Sun-
dayg. 1001 Market et.. corner Sixth. '
BKT of teeth without plut?. VH, Tl. oT
VmTVO. 1341 Polk fit.'
rniESSMAKRUS AND BfCAMSTIircSSKS
McDOV.'ELL Preepmoklner & millinery Behool—
Clasn rate*; patterns cut, 1019 MarkeNst.
ACOOKOUON pl^stlng; country orders prnrr)pt
Bttfntlnn. If-l I'nut. fiver O'Connor ft Moffofy
RDIICATIO.VAL.
aALLAOJIER-MAHBJI Cell«srf>, Pnrrott bid*,—
ffhorthnnfi, ts p plnff nnd beokk«wtilnBj Ho»>«rt
J'. Gallagher, e*pm court r«&ort*r, t^nehor of
jhorthanrt; reTWterlsl phrasing tnughtj prae«
tlcnl b^kk»oplng, full courts, $.'.0; efttnlomio.
HHALD'H 'lllfSlNIsIs COLLKOB. 24 Post «t..
H. 1'.— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, Inn-
EUbrmi, telegraphy, English branches, civil,
•"lectrleal and mining fntrlnwrlnir, etc.! day
«t night ees*lnfii»! new M-png» rttttiloguefreq,
AYItEH' IluTinrM Collw, 723 «t.— Day
& eve.; bookkneplng. shorthand, typing, teleit-
rar'hy. ttCJ lite Bcholtushlrt, $J0; Individual
Instruction; poult Ions peciycd: catniogun free.
A-THR LYCEUM, an nccredlted preparatory
school for the university, lnw nnd medical
colleges! references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has porl-
tlons guaranteed to It by written contract and
can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
tions to all Its graduates. 3C3 Larkln st.
ACTING, elocution, rpccialtles; Hallett School,
nssnclatod with theatrical agency securing
positions. Alcazar building. 120 O'Farreil St.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.mlnlng.meeh., sur-
vey assay, cyanide; day. eve.; est. 1864. Van
fler Nalllon School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand co!>ts only J00. Ban Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market Et.
A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; buslneM
college «rmduaten: bookkeenlng: figures: short
time. TARR. exp. sect.. 220 Parrott bldg.
MERRILL-MILLER CoUeKe, shorthand and
I typing, removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.. Individ, inptructlon: catalogue.
WANTED— A few pupils in all branches in otl
painting by very competent lady teacher; 50c.
Box E, Call office. '
SHORTHAND taught by mall and personally.
MISS M. G. BARRETT. 302 Montgomery st.
M'inson. School Shorthand.Tvplng.BookkeepIng,
Spanish. 137 Montgomery. E. M. Carpenter, p".
MANDOLIN, violin, guitar. Prof. Merkl, 1008
Mission: concert May 29. Union Square Hall.
SENORITA ROSARIO AOACIO. native teach-
cr of Spanish. 2103 Bush St. I S
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, wrltlntr,
etc.: day or eve.: $5 nw, 1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
R O-JII Elt^APUTIC
E?ectrlc-Chemlc medication cures faulty nutri-
tion, nerve, blood & constitutional diseases.
Drs. K. ft K.'s Elertrl" PgnltnHiim. S Mft*on.
ESIPLOYMENT OFFICES.
JAPANESE Employment Office and House-
cleaning Co.: best help; send men atehort
notice. J125 Sutter, nr. Polk; tel. Larkln 2231.
JAPANESE nnd Chinese help of all' kinds;
cooks, waiters and house servants. GEO.
AOKI-& CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
ORPHKUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell. nr.Sutter; tel.Black 6072.
JAPANESE, central housecleanlng nnd employ-
ment: all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLK Japanese-Chinese employment of-
fice; all kinds help. 315 Stockton: Main 5188.
CHINESE and Japanese employment . office—
BcEt help. 4im O'Fnrreli St.: tel. Ea>t 426.
EMl'L'OYMEVr WANTED-- -FEMALE.
WANTED— By the day, work of any kind by a
competent woman: cleaning, washing or cook-
Ing. Room 15, 1032 Market st. _____
YOUNG woman with a child wishes position as
cook or housekeeper: city or country; no
trlflers. 107 Turk Bt.. room -89. , . . -
A MIDDLE-AGED woman wants situation at
kitchen work. 1731 Market st. _.
A NEAT young woman wishes to do chamber
work; will sleep home. Address box 3235. Call.
TRAINED nurse havii<g over 7 years' experi-
ence in hospital and private: work, wants to
• take, care of sick or Invalid person; best of
references. Box 3261, Call office. .: ¦¦
A 'FINLAND girl wnnth general housework In
small family; no;wachlng. 307 Fifth St.; near
¦ Foisom. . ' • : '
3 SWEDISH girls wish * to do general house-
work. Address 1214 Vermont st. . ;
TWO ladles (mother and daughter), refined nnd
competent, desire sltuatlonH to do housework.
Address box 3267,' Call office.. ' v. ¦ ¦ ¦¦
YOUNG lady who Is a competent designer de-
sires employment. Address box 3266, Call.
EMPLOYJIENT WANTED — FEMALE.
SWEDISH lady wishes work by the day. wash-
lng. Ironing or housecleanlng. 240 Perry st.
SWEDISH .woman; is a first-class cook: best
of references; wages $36 to $40- 513 McAllister.
NURSERY., governess, -lately returned from
abroad; 4 years In titled family. 431 O Far-
rell gt. , ¦.
COMPETENT cook would do .downstairs work
and cooking or general housework;' wages
$2S; no postals. Cnll 2523 Bush st.
BY refined English lady, Juat arrived, as com-
panion, needle woman, pianist, elnerer and
reader. . 1823 Devltmrtero st.
REFINED young woman wlshrs & position as
. working housekeeper; country preferred, Hox
4183. Call of flea. ¦
YOUNG woman 'wants place to do housework;
city or country. I'leana call 2 Itltoh Bt., near
FolBoin and Third. .
YOUNG woman wishes work by th« day,
sweeping or cleaning; Is willing: no wash-
lng. Address Y. M., 100 Eleventh wt.
YOUNG (lorman woman wlihen situation to
do general housework and cooking; Is good
' HPumstrcss; can do any kinds of work; sleep
home. Call at 79 tiny st.
WINCHESTER Home, 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25e to $1 f.0 per night; $1 to to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; fre* 'bus
. end bnggsge to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
nubscrlptions has been established at 10D3
Valencia wt. • ¦
ISMPLOYMKXT WANTED — MALE.
GOOD, reliable" Linotype operator (German or
English), lust from« the East, would like to
have steady position; can take care of ma-
chine, make changes for size and style of
type and also repair small breaks; can also,
if required, work on case, either. German or
English. Address A. MUELLER, box 11, Call.
I AM successfully managing a grocery house,
doing a business of i.wo hundred and fifty
thousand dollars ($230/-0O) yearly; would make
a .change; best reasons and references; can
handle both wholesale and retail trade. . Ad-
dresa box 3287, Call office.
YOUNG man as gardener; understands the care
of cows and horses; best of reference. Box
S270. Call office. ,
EXPERIENCED engineer wishes situation; go
anywhere; references. Box 3271, Call office.
COOK wants work; Is also a gardener; can do
housework; generally handy. Address Cook,
316 Minna st. - ».
BARTENDER wishes position; good appear-
ance and well recommended. Address J. C.
S., 15 Hawthorne st^
BARTENDER— Young man, long employed
present place, wants chanse. Box 3269, Call.
AN experienced, sober and industrious all
around mechanic on repair work, with tools,
locksmith, electrician, bicycle and wood-
worker, etc., desires . position as handy man
around summer resort. C. L. B., 438 Golden
Gate ave. • "
STEADY, reliable man wants a position as
marker and distributer In a country laun-
dry; will make himself generally useful. Box
3238, Call office. '. -
SCANDINAVIAN gardener; understands care
of horses, buggies, cows, vegetables, lawn,
flowers; in private family: vei— useful and
willing; city or country. Box '3247. Call.
YOUNG married couple (new arrivals): man
experienced coachman; 'wife first-class TCng-
lish cook; city or country: $50 month. C. B.,
box 2247, Call office, Oakland.
A GOOD Jobbirg blacksmith and shoer, mar-
ried and steady, wisl-.es a situation, city or
country; reasonable wages. Address F. A.
M., box 3211 V Call office. • ¦
WANTED— A position as cutter and general
tailor, young man, steady and industrious;
best of references. Address G. C. WINTER-
BERG. 16lgy& Turk St. ¦
RELIABLE young man wishes position in
country driver or coachman on private
place. Address box 3243. Call office.
EXPERIENCED private secretary wants sit-
uation with lady or gentleman; references.
J. F. LACOSTE. 502 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Position "by a first-class German
cook: reference!. Address MISS GREEN A-
WAY, Loyd ave.. Frultvale.
STATIONARY engineer wishes a situation ;
can run dynamo. Box 3249, Call office.
I AM flrpt-elass family cook and can get rec-
ommendation. Any one wanting rook please
Bend letter to CHUNG WING. 902 Clay St.,
room 3. -
A BRANCH office for. Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 10SS
Valencia at. - ¦ . '
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
rer»|ved r»t Cnll branch nfflee. 220O FUlmnre ft.
¦ FINANCIAL.
TUB RTANLT3Y AERIAL NAVIGATION CO,
hogn to announce to the publlo thnt nil Its
rueent lUffleuKI** have been amicably set*
tied nnil until further nolle** share* of stoek
will b» »old for $2 per sharo. Var further In-
formation Inquire at tho company's offie», 703
Market Pt. J. A. MAIN, flgerotary.
FLAT* TO LIST.
TO r**nt— 3 new flat", 15 to 8 rooms; 1007 Dale st.,
ri*ar Coin: thpsfl flat* nr« elegantly flnlihedi
dlnlna-room hfl» lienmwl epIlInK*! roomi are
nit pat'preilj parlor In frescoed; also furnltur*
nnd cnrrietB for sals; open fur Inspection 10
to 12 and 1 to 6.
TO rrnt-2 HrRnnt new flats on Cole St., cor.
Onk; everything In lutest designs frescoed
¦ rlliiico: nun ill* tind tiling vestibule; rent
reasonable; al«o furniture nnd carpets for
sale; open frnm 10 to Vi and 1 to 6. *
FLAT of six rooms nnd water; rent $19;"mod-
crn. 2241 Fifteenth St. •
FLAT of six rooms at 631 Greenwich St.; very
chenp.
NATOMA. 714— Flat of 4 sunny rooms; large
yard; cellar; no children; $10.
NEW 5 and 6 rooms; northwest corner Turk
and Pierce fts., $15 nnd $20.
MODERN sunny lower flat, 6 rooms and bath;
$20. 1708 Waller St.. near park.
NICE flat of 4 rooms; no children. 3789 Sev-
enteenth st., near Sanchez. ' |
SUNNY modern C-room flat; rent reasonable;
without children. 2848 Folsom st.
FLATS TO LKT— Fnrnlshrrt.
FURNIPHED. 6 rms; range; 3 to 4 months; $40;
references. Call afternoon. 523 McAllister Rt.
FEATHER RENOVATING.
Feather be#n. pillows, hair matt.re.«ses steamed,
purified. Owen McCabe. S70 Mission, cor. Rr'n.
FURNITURE FOUSALE.^
FURNISHED flat for sale; newly furnished
downtown flat of 7 rooms for sale, cheap; be-
tween 2 and 5 p. m. 834 Geary st.
4 ROOMS furnished in oak. $1S 50. with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
CAL. Auction Co., 14€2 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
TO receive highest value for furniture, carpet*,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 7S7 Mission; tel. Red 3353.
AUCTIONEER John Elder. 22 Kearny, buys &
sells your bus., merchandise, fur., carpots, etc.
IF you want to sell furn.. mdse., etc., see J. A.
Munro & Co.. 240 Stockton tt.: tel. James 1541.
BEFORE disposing of your furniture see
Golden Gate Auction Co., 928 Howard st.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
Auctloneer-L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 691;
furniture & furn'd homes bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys your furniture, carpets,
pianos, etc. 1135 Market ft.: tel. J»s«ie 761.
HELP WANTED — FEMALE.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
j HOTEL DEPARTMENT .....
¦Head waitress, $30; 8 waitresses, resort and
, country hotels. $20 and $25; 6 waitresses, city,
$20: 3 waitresses, Colorado, special rates;
chambermaid, springs, $20; 2 chambermaids
to wait, $20; woman cook, $40. ,.. ..
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
Cook. $30; 2 second girls, $25 and $20; 5 house-
girls. $2B; many, choice city and country
places MRS. M.'E. DAY & CO.. 335 Geary.
WANTED— Good houiekeeper to correspond
¦ with Scandinavian gentleman: good home for
riRht party. Addreos P. G. S., Call, office,
Alameda. * ... ¦ ¦ ¦¦ .
AT onjc— American girl, 20 to B0; companion; 2
In family: plain cooking; no washing; to-day ,_
10 to 2. ',674 San Pablo ave., Oakland.,
IRONERS wanted in factory. 723 Market St.,
room 35. . ' . ¦ •
WANTED— Young girl to assist In light house-
work. 1410V. Geary st •
WANTKD— Helvedero, young woman for gen-
eral housework; good cook and laundress rof-
' erences; wages $25.'- Apply, between 10 and, 11
., to-day. 110 Front nt. , . ¦.';•',¦ .. /.--•¦
LADY wishes - visiting - teacher In English
branches. Call GS7 Filbert St., top flat.
GIRL wanted for shooting gallnry. . Apply after
10 a,'m., ,815 Kearny st. _ " *
LADY 'compotltor for . occasional work; state
experience and wages..' Box'3263, Call. office.
VHRM»_ _ WAMTKn-.Fnw AI.B—^«n-
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. "...Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
6 waitrenses, accustomed to working In
Southern California hotels, for i first-class
hotel, $25 and fare paid.
"Waitresses, springs, commercial and city ho-
tels $20. $25
i Cook, small home restaurant, city.... $12 week
Cook, small hotel, country $25
Cashier, restaurant $23
• FAMILY DEPARTMENT,
Cook for dairy ranch, fare paid,. ,,.,..;;.... $25
Coolc, Jewish style, city $30
Cook and nume, country, see party here. ...$45
Nurse, choice place, city »12-$15
. 25 housegtrlH, city ,,. $10-$25
C. It, JIANHKN & CO 104 Geary »t.
A NUUSKOIHL," who~can sew, $15.
C. R. HANHEN & CO ,.104 Geary st.
WANT1TD— 4 waltrenses, city nnd country ho.
tel*, $25; 6 neeond girls, $20 and $25; coo'*
for resort, $35 and fecond girl, Hume hou«»,
$-'."; cook, Jewlwh style*, $35; conk, American
stylt, country, $35; nur«e, references. $20; 41
Kills, ftenornl housework, 125 and $30; cook
for ranch, $?!•, •«•<! lady this forenoon. , Ap-
Viy to J. .V. CUOHETT & CO., 810 Suttrr'st.
GIRL for housework; good jilaln cook; refer-
onefts roauircd. lite Valencia st. /
WANTED— Neat girl to asiilst at housework;
smiill family. Apply 1370 Maionlo ave., n«nr
Wnllof gt.' -
HAND newers, 2 girls for fasteners and drlv-
Ing makers. HUHPY'8, 207 Bacramcnto st.
GOOD operator wanted on vests; steady work;
Kood pay. 106 Battery St.
WANTED — Girl for I) general housework; no
_ washing ; family of 3 adults. 1117 McAllister.
GIRL for housework and cooking; wages $20.
1603 Laguna st., corner Post. ¦ ¦
PANTS finishers; steady work. Royal Pants
Company, 223 Kearny st.
APPRENTICES wanted in millinery store at
' 692 McAllister st
GIRL to do general housework and care for
small child; family of 3. 22 Tehama Bt.
A YOUNG girl to assist with housework; small
American family. 803 Howard st.
GIRL; general housework. 20 Henry St., bet.
Fourteenth and Fifteenth, Noe. and Sanchez.
GIRL for light housawork and cooking; small
family. 2C61 Mission, near Sixteenth.
WANTED— Good sewer on pants. 734 Montgom-
ery St., room 1.
GIRL for housework and cooking; $20 to $25.
247 Devisadero St.
GIRL for general housework; 2 in family;
sleep home; $15. Call Tuesday, C13 Octavia.
WANTED — Niirsegirl to mind 2 children; ref-
erence; $10; light washing. 613 Ellis st.
FINISHERS on pants; steady work. 858 How-
ard, bet. 4th and 5th, over handball court.
EXPERIENCED button-hole operator on dress
shirts; "Wheeler <£. Wilson machine; good
pay; steady work. BRENNER-ULMAN CO.,
17 Battery st. ' u ¦
WANTED— Saleslady for hat deDartment at
RAPHAEL'S.
WANTED — Girl for general housework. Apply
at 1434 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on pants;
good pay. 1000 Harrison st., corner Sixth.
EXPERIENCED hands on vests; also, appren-
' tlce, paid while learning. 641 1 / 4 Stevenson st.
WAIST hands for dressmaking. 121 Post st.,
room 49. i
WOMAN for general housework. 955 Vi Fol-
Eom st.
WANTED— In San Rafael, a neat, obliging girl
about 28 years of age for second work and
attend grown children; must have good refer-
ence; wages $25 per month. Address P. O.
box 106. San Rafael. i ¦
HXPERIENCED operators on electric power
sewing machines on white and golf shirts at
GREENEBAUM, WEIL & . MICHELS, 531
" Mission st. . ' ' * -.
WHOLESALE house desires services of woman
• not under 25 who is Intelligent and trust-
worthy; no bookkeeping or stenography. Box
3246. Call office. _'
GIRLS wanted from 15 to 18 years of age for
-factory work; will be paid while learning.
Apply 100 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Experienced operators and finish-
ers on shirts and ladies' waists. iEAULESOX
CO.. 535 Market st. '
OPERATORS wanted at Levl Strauss & Co.'s
overall factory, 32V. Fremont st. Apply to
MR. DAVIS.
ACTIVE girl for light work In laundry; wages
$5 per week and upwaVd. St. Nicholas Laun-
dry, Seventeenth nnd Foisom ets.
FIRST-CLASS waist nnd skirt hands; also fin-
ishers and errand girl. Room 134, Sprln3 Val.
ley building.
WANTED — Flrct-clami finishers on ladles'
cloaks, P. M. .DAVIDSON _& CO., 62 _ First st.
GIRL for general housework. BCl .Howard st.
ol'flRATOTia nn muslin underwear, nlsok-arn-
rrs. 0, Wi ItKYNOLPfl, 191 M 1m| on. 'cor. Jrt,
FINrHlJI'iUN on nustrm ceat»; good pay;
¦t«nrty work. 304 Tehnnm nt.
A HRANCH offle* lor Cftll advertisement! and
Niibperiptlflni has b«en established at 1039
Vnlenem, gt.
CLAKSIK1KI) »ilv«rtlf"»m«nu «n<1 subscription*
roi'flvofi Bt Cull In-wnch office. 8200 yiUmorn st.
IIKIil' WAXTlii)—-MALK.
A^umUAY^A niCAnY......I1lOfW Mftln 681S
...Lettdlnx l H ,Hii ! l">'iM".il ft ml Labir Agents...
WANT 7 A. M, TO-1>AY
f.i» tenmotors nnd laborers, Uklah ..$2 day
Iiiillriiiid Wrtrk Frre Ftti'Q
Cflrlond of laborers fttt B. V. R. R. Crt.'s own
work, Hnnta Harbora end I^os Angelen divi-
sions, froa fare $170 to $2 23 day
CARPENTERi^CARPENTKRfl
2 carpenters, near city, 8 hrs' work. $3 60 day
6 carpenters, Knwinlil Co..fJ2 to $C0 nnd found
Ix>ng Job, nee boss here
Rough enrpenter for ranch, $123. fare
OTHER MECHANICAL HELP
3 blackpmlths, different country shops, $52
nnd found, J3 day. $13 week; blacksmith, ag-
ricultural works, $3 day: ranch blacksmith. $52
and found; horseshocr, country shop; 3 black-
smith helpers
.; FOR GRAIN WAREHOUSE
10 men to handle and truck grain, $2 50 day,
free fare
¦ 150 laborers, city and country. 51 75 and $2 day
10 laborers, no experience, mines $34 nnd fd
10 laborers, quarry wivrk........ $2 day
...FOR BRICK AND POTTERY WORKS...
Brick moldera and Butters $| and $3 day
Temperer, pitflller, elc. J2 DO day
Wheelers and offbaarers $2 50 day
4 laborers, no, experience required, for brlclc
yard $32 50 to $40 and found
MISCELLANEOUS
3 road teamsters $30 and found
Catholic choreman, $25; man and wife, easy
place, see boss here; 4 mnchlne and 6 single
hand miners, $90 anil- $75: 320 haymakers,
farmers, etc/. $30, $35. $40; 7 ranch teamsters,
$30 and ?35; 15 milker*. S30, $33 and $40; chore-
men and boys, $25, $20 and $15; slaughter-
house butcher
HOTEL AND OTHER DEPTS. .......
Eaker, sawmill camp," see boss here; lunch
cook and helper, club, city; bartender, plain
place; broiler. $45
Camp cook, near city ..$45
15 hotel and restaurant' and second cooks: 7
ranch cooks, $25 to $40: 3 butchers: 7 bakers:
14 wulters, city and country; dishwashers and
kitchen .help. Call and net one of our lists
for other positions not advertised.
MURRAY & READY. $34-630 Clay st.
WANTED at the California Employment
Agency. 69 Third st., phone Rush 405.
BO railroad laborers. $173 to $2 day
Free fare. free fare .....free fara
3 etonemasons $3 to $4 per day
All round ranch hand $2C per month
Man and wife to? small ranch; a snap
8 lumber pliers. .. .$33 to $45 month and board
Cook, country restaurant '....$10 per week
Bench hand, sawmill, country.... $3 60 per day
. 100 other positions waiting your choice.
MAN and wife for private plnce, only one man
to cook for, $30. MR3. M. E. DAY & CO., S33
Geary 8t. • • .
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Unlon-
. Free employment. 1 927 Market st., room 207.
- I. LESS. Secretary: telephone Jessie 1176. .
BO3S barbers' meeting to-night,' 102 O'Farrell
' St., 0 o'clock. All 'boss.biirbers Invited. .
S. HELLER, Sec. B. B. P. A.
WANTED — Young'man from 18 to 20 years of
¦ age: one who can repair and set up toys. Ap-
ply between 8 and 11 a. m., HALB BROS. .
FOREMAN, breadbaknrs, breadbakers' helpers,
confectioners; permanent positions; good pay.
127 Mason fit. "•'.;.
BOY to learn olumblng. Apply 316B Sutter
St.. inmoroinir. — ¦•'.'-¦< '.,
TO15ACCO stripper boy wanted. 247 Fifth st.
WANTED— First-class general blacksmith at
1522 San ' Bruno ave. ¦
BARBERS— Good 2-chalr shop, cigar stand nnd
laundry, office ;$123. Declcelman Bros., 106 Ellis.
GOOD. bread and cake baker wanted; no Sun-
day work. Box 3264, Call.- " - •¦• : .
BOY who can read to work in printing office.
Apply 619 Filbert ¦ st. .. !. „,.¦"¦..
MAN to solicit printing and advertising. Ap-
ply 519 Filbert st. ' •. - ¦ ¦ ¦¦
TWO boys at Busby's Glove Factory, 207 Sac-
• rarr.ento st. ¦ , - ;¦ .".¦ \~ ',-'¦:'.•
YOUNG baker to work at 427 Larkln St.; Ger"
•" • man preferred.
good. bootblack wanted; wages. 1048 McAUls-
' .ter.st. . • v. ." ¦ . '•¦ •¦¦'.-, .
'BOY to anslst'ln bookkeeping and general office
I work., Room 8, 214. Pino St.*
.'_;'; KELP IVAPTTETl MALE *?«"»._'_ ...
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S...... 104 Geary St.
RAILROAD WORK. '
CarpentTer,- R.R. camp, Truckee J- |0
Horseshoer, R.R. camp. Truckee ,..$2 BO
100 tunnelmen, drillers and muckers.. $2, $2 60
; Ship To-night •
Chatsworth Park
BO laborers,' ballasting track'. Coast Road
60 laborers, Santa Barbara and L. A. division*
"............,,'... Ship To-night ....: ."••Vi
¦ MISCELLANEOUS. ,
Foreman for a ranch, grain, fruit and cattle,
must also be a practical landscape gar<1ener,
$75 and found; 10 men' to handle grain, 23o an
hour; 10 milkers, 10 farmers, 10 haymakers,
different counties, $30 and $35; 10 lumber pll>
era, country sawmill, $30, $35; choremen, $20,
$23, $30. . v
MECHANICS.
Blacksmith for electrical supplies, must nn-
' dewtiuuJ lath* work, $3 SO: bl-cksmtth, N«-
vitdti., $3 day; blacksmiths, also blacksmiths
helpers for country shops and ranches, $40,
$.'.0; carpenter for country hotel, $2 a day ana
found.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
Raker and pastry cook, country hotel ITO
Pastry cook, restaurant *J0
1 Pastry cook, small springs, hotel. ......$*Q
Cook, aecond and dishwasher, country hotel
$10")
French second cook, city $78
Head cooks, second cooks, broilers, fryars..
, ••••• $80-$100
Potwanher, spring* ...$25
Dishwashers, kitchen hands and waiters, city
and country. • s
C. R. HANBEN A CO 104 Geary st.
2 HOTEL cooks. $40 and $50. for country: cook
and wife for Institution, $C0: cook, small ho-
t tel, $25 and (35: waiters, dishwashers and
many others. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 823
Sacramento st. - >^ ' : g ' c -
MAN and wife, with 2 or 3 school children;
2 farmers and wivej, $45; man and wife, pri-
vate family, $40; canwasher, $40; stableman,
$23: 20 farmers. $23, $30 and $1 25 and $1 50 day;
3 choremen, $25 and JSO; fruit peddler; S min-
ers, J2 day and board and $2 60 day: 4 carmen
for mine, $1 50 day and board and $2 day; la-
borers for mill and woods, $26 to $30; railroad
laborers, free fare, and others. J. F. CRO-
SETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
BARBERS, notice— Keep away from Portland,
Or. Strike on. By order of Journeymen Bar-
bers' Union No. 148. J. R. BLEILY, Pres.
I. LESS, Secretary^ <
BARBERS, notice— All union barber shops
close Thursday, May 30. Decoration Day, at
12 noon. J. R. BLEILY, President.
I. LESS, Secretary Local Union No. 143.
WANTED^-Blacksmlth's helper. 637 Brannan
street. . ¦
EXPERIENCED cutter on ladles' underwearT
BAUER BROS. CO.. 21 Sansome st.
PARTIES wanting clerical positions will do
well to call or address 1008H Market, rm 4.
"WANTED— First-class ladies' tailor. M. FE-
DER, 211 Post «t.
NEAT intelligent boy about 16. D. C. HEGER,
1344 Market St.. opp. Seventh.
APPRENTICE for blacksmith shop, with little
experience preferred. 1013 Harrison at.
WANTED— Restaurant cook; easy place and
ehort hours. Call 12 Washington St.
GOOD solicitor for hotel and restaurant trade;
salary and commission. Box 3274, Call office.
SHOEMAKER wanted ; good Job - for steady
man; ?9 per week. 2140 Fillmore st.
WANTED— Second cook.. Tivoll Cafe, 18 Eddy
street. , -
WANTED— A first-class waiter at 29 Stockton.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps, U. '
¦ S. Navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages- of 21 and 35; not
less than 5 feet 4 inches and not over 6 feet 1
inch, able* to read and speak English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
Office. 40 Ellis st. San Francisco.
WANTED — A boy not under 15 years In con-
fectlor.ery. 1503 Geary Bt. -
WANTED— Boy to learn plumbing trada at
1125 McAllister gt.
BOY -wanted to deliver orders and help In
bakery. 1410 /Polk at.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REIS3
BROS. & CO., 2t Sutter st.
WANTED — A few 6oys to learn Jewelry trade.
R. BUJANNOFF, 17 Lick place. Lick House.
ALL sizes men's choe3. slightly damaged, half
price. E6V Mission »t.. bet. 1st and 2d sta.
JEWELERS; 323 Bush street, third floor,
room 4. • •
A PLUMBER; non-union; no office fees. Me-
chanlcp' Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny st.
WANTED— Men to Jearn barber trade; 160
monthly paid our graduates; two months
completes; more calls for our barbers than-
we enn supply; tools preeented; wagen Sat-
urdays; diplomas granted; busy reason now;
call or write for our special offer to-day,
HOLER nARBER COLLKOB. «33 Clay St.
WANTKD—S0 ftrnt-cUss white bartwrs, must
be good men, for the best nhopa; $U guarantee
and rteady work. Address or epll Rt eneo or
telegraph JIWITC A HAILING, barber shop,
I'ortlnnd Hotol. Portland. Or.
WANTKD— Klevftter mnn with not lens than 2
yearn' experlenea on lever *leetrleal #l»v»tor;
*iat* nge, axperienee nn»i salary expected.
Apply txix 317S. this of flee.
WANTKH— Laborers and mnchanle* to know
that Kit Ilnlkln, Reno Houtu proprietor, still
runs D?nv«r Hours, 217 Third ft.; 159 larst
rtmm«i S6i per night; $1 tn tl per wi»tk.
VtlANK G. niVKRS— Brnid afldreM Imitw.
.Ilntrly tn box 2203, Cnll nfrtees important
buslnenfl requires yourjutentlnn.
WA NTrci^OtTbftartrU. 8. ship Iowa. 2 »Mi»rl-
ffift rilnyera. Apply on tiflnrd. Bint!* l«*av»
Volsotrt-gt. landing st 10:33 and ll:23__a. m.
iiARtlERB— The Tlyrfia Hotel barber »hnp nnrf
bathhouse, Woodland, Cal., must b« sold this
week. * • j
PENSION AGENT EDWARD A. BULL19,
Past Commander Geo, II. Thomas Post No. 2,
G. A. R.. room 40. Phelan bldg.. 808 Market.
FOR SALE— Three-chair barbrr shop and bath.
Addr.e«p II. L. JACKSON. Uklah.
MCDONALD & PERRY hnve 500 pnlrs necond-
hand shoes for pale. SOc up. 241 Third st.
GET your shoes half-soled while waiting; 23c
to f>0c. rf.2 Mission at., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2nd-hand
army shoes. 41 up; Kollng 20c up. 923 Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade; catalogue mailed
free. S. F. Barber School. 741A Howard st.
WANTED— Two good city salesmen. WHITE
SKWING MACHINE CO.; 100 Post st.
AT cash prices for Jl per week, men's suits to
- order. NEUHAUS & CO.. 115 Kearny st.
PP^NSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO.. attys..
Hearst bldg.. Third and Market, rpom >16.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. n*ar Mar-
ket — 7CO rooms. 25c night: reading-rooms; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22C0 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has - been established at 1096
Valencia St. • - - ¦ .
HOUSES AXD AVAGOXS.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies',
v carto, harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market.
J27 Sixth Bt. ; auction *ales every Wednesday.
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
40 YOUNG horses and mares, broke, from 1100
to 1500 pounds; also 40 work mules for sal*
this week nt the Canty Ranch, Graysoa.
Stanislaus County, Cal.
GOOD business horse and new buggy for sale:
horse a good traveler. Napa Soda Offlce, H7
New Montgomery st. -
S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
Id r'sslon June 10. Catalogue by applying to
' M. L. Pancoast. Pec. BIO Golden Gate ave.
40 HEAD work and driving horses. 721 How-
ard st. .
1 SECOND-HAND bor-bearlng nxle business
buggy;' cheap. 1370 Turk rt
FINE camp wagon, harness and tent for *aI7
401 Jackson' st.
ALL kinds of camping wasons, busgies. surrevs
and carta. 1634 Mission st. surreys
ALL. kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
ftp., cheap. EOAN &' SON. 2117 Mission gt.
AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also light
camping wagon, for wale chenp. 8H2 Mission.
HOUSESJTO LET.
A-PRINTED LIST Houses to let- send for el r
jular. O. H. TTMPSKX & CO.. »gom^:
HOUSES TO ' LET— FPnSISHEpr~
F £ n Q N 7PV' :D ,^ ou " e: 5 ta9 roomsTtoVult party"
1449 DevUadoro st.; corner Geary ?"***•
LOST AXO FOUMJ.
The finder will r.i eaBe return to 'bank
LADY'S gold 'watch and fob ' between Post ami
_ SSfMun'niS; and Market; moSogr'm^n
• RWy it. !¦ - on >nslde; $20 reward. VIM
LOST AXD FOPyP— Contlnoed.
LOST— On Alameda narrow gauge, a purso con-
taining money. N. D. O. W. ring; liberal r«-
ward. DR. MARIANA BERTOLA. 1312 Mason.
LOST— Saturday eveninff, a leather purs« con-
taining 3 $5 gold pieces going from Sutter and
Kearny to Market and O'Farrell; reward.
Iteturn to F. F.. K16 Twenty-sixth st.
PURSE, containing money, wedding ring: en
Flrnt at., bet. Harrison and Bryant: reward.
418 First at. .
LOST-Corner of Van Ness ave. and Geary St..
either In car or on street, lady's brown pu/s*.
containing $15 gold. Kinder will receive re-
ward for return to cashier. Call of He*. Claui
- FpreckfU building. '
LOST— A paw-book with tha Hlbemla Having*
and Loan Hwlety of Pnn Francisco, In thd
nam* of ANNA BOLO.BY. No. 24S-U3. Th»
finder will pleas* return to bank.
LOOT— Y«rk»hlr«; female, Retuan sum* to DIU
C. MABOKUO. $11 Howard »t.; roward.
W«nt»d— Old froM for manufacturing. O. Nolt.'.
j«w«l>r. 8t.< O'Farr»ll. hot. Powli «wl Mason.
.MATUIMO.MAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wanlthy ladlta
send 10c for list. Mltfl. HfCttT?;. 70s El Us st.
~ 3tAT^^Ts~AM7^Ll3n'i~
TO order: also cleaned And sterilized: uphot-
•tery; Al e<trp«t cleaning: honest work guar-
anteed. linl'KK V.1LOS.. SU-33U Eleventh St. I
telephont Mouth 732.
MEDICAL.
A-RE.VOW.NED specUllst; thosa who dtslre to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladles only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fa-
male complaints relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; tha only treatment that
helps the unfortunate: tha most obstinate
casea are Immediately relieved without pain;
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. O. W^O'DONNELL. 1013 Market.
HINDOHERB home treatment: tho most won-
derful, simple, sure remedies ever known for
Indigestion, tapeworm, neuralgia, leucorrhca.
gonorrhea, eczema, scrofula, syphilis and till
troubles of male and female sexual organs;
treat yourself; be your own doctor; 4 months*
suppository treatment. $4; send stamp for
circulars. 1126 Market st.. S. F.. Cal.
A TREATMENT that is guaranteed to giv« in-
stant relief for all female complaints: th«
longest and most obstinate cases immediately
relieved without pain: travelers helped; no
delay; consult free. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1123
Market, bet. Mason and Taylor, opp. Hate's.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES, 1228 Market, ladiem*
specialists; 32 years' practice; all casea treated
by our wonderful herb remedy: a reliable*
treatment, superior to any other; positive cur»
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re-
turn same day; harmless: consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOODWIN. 10S3 Market, bet.
6th & 7th— Expert specialists; well known and
reliable :25 yrs experience; treatment guarnt'd
to give Instant relief from all female "troubles;
avoid incompetent specialists: consult free:
A POSITIVE cure guaranteed In all female*
complaints or money returned; my regulator
never fails; the most obstinate caees relieved
without pain; best care: fe<* low; consult free.
MRS. DR. ALLEN. 1113 Market, nr. Mason.
MRS. DR. WYETH, reliable specialist; 26 yrs.-
successful practice: guaranteed treatment at
office; any ailment; home before and during*
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkln.
DR. POPPER, female specialist ; no pills or
medicine used. 1514 DeVlsadero St.. nr. Geary.
MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, restaurant and po-
ker tables. - barroom chairs, linoleum, new and
second-hand ; we always have a large stuck of
saloon outfits on hand; 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship averythin<
In 24 hours. J. NOON AN. 1017. 1019, 1021. 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; write for catalogue.
ANOTHEIt burglar-proof safe for $300: I am
retiring from business^ UNCLE HARRIS. 13
Grant ave. X
RETIRING from business— I am sacrificing a
' lot of grand old oil paintings. UNCLE
HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
A — BUYS, sells or rents gear machinery, en-
gines, " boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW, 21S Spear st.
A— $3 CO DERBY and Fedora hats, $1 75. Popu-
. lar Price Hatters, 330 Kearny St.. near Pine.
FINE suits. $10; dress pants. $3 73. MI3FIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
SECOND-HAND machinery of all kinds
bought, sold, rented and exchanged. II. S.
WHITE. 618 Mission st.
WESTINGHOUSE motors from 1 to 20 II. P.;
will exchange for gas engines. LIVINGSTON,
ESS Mission St.
KOtt Bale — Set fmr wheel patterns: " H-lnoh
pitch; 1-lneh face; 13 to 73 teeth. W. G. B..
112 Guerrero st.
NEW ete«l safe fnr eale. 2 ft. » In. by t ft. 4
in. Apply H. V. PTOLZ. B10-312 Caatro st.
FIRST-CLASS ~e!'1 thre«-<juB.rter Ptradtvarlm
violin. 121 LUy av»., near Gough and Market.
BIX w.ln!xl«.ft." boiler shells, "suitable for otl
tank*. JARHINR. 830 Framont xt.
Gasoline or distillate enffln*-*, n«w A M-han>t;
All pIjsm; g\nrnnn>»(\. NEWELL, fid ftimomo.
i ll-l' gftuoiin* eniftn*. n«arlv n<»w; gujtran*
U#dj bttrmln, KK4TKIN*. «* Mlaatnn wt.
Jtl'AtHJl'AftTrcUrt tnr trttnkn, bite* nn.1 dr-*«
•tilt fa?e?. A. I!, BMITlf (Q . p Ellis nt.
>*XRJ*T-CLASM •"•rnml.tmi'vl mmierfc sntln's «n>l
bollpr^ bought anrl sold. K ROC. It MFO. CO.
WE p&y bljf prleeiTifor sealskins. Portland
Loan Office. »8 Btofkton §t.
aiAc;ic^'l.intrrn<«, nrvt nmi 2il hand mnvlnK plo»
_turps. _ liUIAAnt? ft nitECK. in Pout st.
ENO4NK3 nnd hoilrr;*; second-hand ma^nlnary.
_.T. JitrRKK, iro ticala at.
PllOTOORArntC and magto lantern eoorta
boucht. »old. exchanard. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New ard second hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 flarrnmento st.
SAFES— New an.1 nerond-h^nd: all six»s. TUB
WAT.TC S\FK int-111 MarU^t St.. Hun Fran.
HXISCELLAXEOUS AVAXTS.
TYPEWRITER— Remington preferred: must ht
cheap; brlr^ cample of w^rltlng. 113 Third
st., room 223.
WANTKD— To buy Jacketed kettle. 123 gallon
capacity. S33 ilacy St.. Los Angeles.
WANTED — Second-hand hack in good order.
Inquire Baldwi^Annex Cafe. 328 Market st.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 134 Ninth: tel. Fclsom 2322.
WANTED — 2d-haml upright pfano or onran for
rmli, «. T.. \rmTPMP\r> 170R Mr»rV»t xt.
MUNUK TO LOAX.
A— MONEY~"toTloarT at rates" whTch^peoylJTcan
afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
not borrow of your friends* or you will lo*>»
their friendship; do business with stranger*
and you will be better satisfied; no delay; no
publicity. .Rooms 9 and 10, 90C Markec st.
IF YOUR PROPERTY ' '
IS MORTGAGED
and you need more money, see H. MURPHY.
630 Market st. Loans on estates In probata,
.undivided Interests In estates, second mort-
.gages, «tc. •«. ¦
ANY proposition, any amount: 6 per cent; first.
second mortgages, estates in probate. Interest
in estates, legacies; corporation loans, chattet
mortgages and securities. Room 16. 1st floor,
•Chronicle building. IIALLORAN & OLSEN.
ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d. and 3d mort-
gages, undivided Interest real estate In pro-
bate; mortgagee and legacies bought; node-
lay; get my terms beforo doing business else-
where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 2.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtrln
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry nt low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 8StJ Markst
st.:. tel. Mala 1641. Branch 13 Third »t.
ALL p«r«ons having pledges with UNCLIT
HARRIS, 13 Grant ave.. are hereby notlfled
to redeem them, as he retires from business
on the 1st of June next. '__
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by Prlvat^
party: no removal: no commission: conflaen-
tlal. Room 3, Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal; money
quick: lowest interest: *a*y terms; no broker-
age: reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room 63.
MOST reliable place to borrow on dramomK
watches. Jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
ity. HILL. r. 44, Merchants' Ex.. 431 Callfnl.t.
LOANS money on salary: nn Indorser: Ka«tern
plin. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan Bldg.
DE\L direct: furniture, ptanos: no removal:
low rate; strictly private. Lick. 118 McAllister.
3% on furniture and pianos: $15 up: no £7\°™! :
no commission; private. Room 81. « EdJy st.
ON snlarieii or wagev no Indorser required, fl.
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 113 Phelan bull.llng.
$100 000 TO loan en real estate or for building:
low rate. Tt2 Sansome st., room 3.
THE Tmjsley Compnny; loans and discounts.
321 yarrott building. .
r A<jtr loar.U'l to salaried peocle on note without
tMnrw." MORH?T,I, <i!> Kr.iwtner hmldlnc.
JXOXEY WASTED.
MONEY WANTED———-
S40 000; stock In Industrial company p-ylnc
dividends as security for $n,000: 8 per cent.
•\\>st Coast Investment Company, PhelanMount Zlon Hospital (a corporation) (owner)
with James J. O'Brien (contractor), architects
E. Dleplerre and P. Rlghetti— All work except
plumbing. , painting, ventilating and heating,
range and gas fixtures for alterations and ad
ditions to frame, hospital building on lot on
S line of Sutter etreet, between .Scott and De
vlsadero, 2311 Sutter; $4400.
Builder's Contract.
son, lot on E corner of East Twenty-fourth
street and Eleventh avenue, SE 150 by NE
150, block 130, Clinton, East Oakland; gift
Elizabeth Conauay to Anna May, lot on SE
line of Twelfth avenue. 137:6 NE of East Tenth
street. NE 37:fi by SE 75. East Oakland; gift.
R. M. and Elizabeth A. Turner to Florence
T.' Estlll.-lot on N line of Eighth street. 43
E3 of Jackson. E 145, N 37:6. W 140. S 100 to
beginning-, block 83. ¦ Kellersberger's Map, to
correct 585 D. 409, Oakland; £00.
Ida Afareteta Weethee Youngren. wife of P.
L., to Anna Tuttle, lot 5, Milton Tract, Oak
land; $10. ¦ -
Edward Everts to Jane A. Everts, lot on S
corner Santa Clara avenue and Broadway, SE
206 by NE 145:9. lots 8, 9 and 10. block 5, Hays
and Caperton property, Alameda; gift.
"William Nlcol to E. A. Holman. lot 5. block
B, Latham Terrace, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
San Francisco Savings Union to John J. and
Margaretha K. Rahm, lot on S corner High
and Washington streets, SW 100 by SE 100, lots
12 , to 14, block 36. map of Alameda, as sur
veyed by J. T. Stratton In 1853, Alameda: $1500.
118:10 NW of Twenty-fourth avenue, NW 35 by
SW 150. block O, subdivision Fifty Associates'
Tract, East Oakland; |300. ,
Home Building Company to Amanda L.
Anderson, lots 27, 28 and 29, map of Forest
Park Tract. Brooklyn Township ; $1000.
Estate of Amelia V. R. Plxley (by J. F. D.
Curtis and Union Trust Co., executors) '. to
Galyxta G. Lynch, lot on E line of Stelner
street, 60 S of Union. S 25 by E 93:9; $1250.
Dennis andfCella Collins to Mary Powers, lot
on N line of v Greenwlch street, 137:6 W of De
visadero, W 25 by N 137:6; $1000.
Mary E. Kaiser to F. Siefke, "undivided half
of lot on W line of Baker, street, 25 8 of
Greenwich, S 25 by W 100; $1100.
¦ Estate of Otto Kaiser (by. Mary E. Kaiser
administratrix) to same, undivided half of
same; $1100. '
Louise and Eugene Gauthler to Sallusch
Echcyer, lot on S line of Page street, 60 W of
Shrader, W 25 by S 110; $10.
Gustavus and Flora S. Arnold to John S.
Wilson, lot on N line of Washington, 142:6 E
Of Spruce, E 60 by N 127:8%; $10.
Thomas Ellard to Ellen Ellard, lot on W line
of Hampshire street, 125 S of Twenty-fourth,
S 26 by W 100; gift. .
Katherlne A. Rivera (wife of T. W.) to John
J. and Lucy O'Leary, lot on N line of Valley
street, 105 W of Castro, W 25 by N 114; $10.
Estate of Peter Mache (by Meta Mache ad
ministratrix) to Conrad' Binz, lot on N line of
Chestnut street, 80 W of Dupont, W 20 by N
122:6; $3950.
John J. and Emma E. .Harrlgan to Rosarla
Mlnore . (wife of AntonJfy lot on "W . line of
Powell street, 66:9 N of Vallejo, N 19:9 by W
53:0; $2500. , * •. •
Joseph Ptlger to Lucy Pilger, lot on N line
of Post street, 201:1 K of Larkln, E 25 by N
137:6; gift. ¦ ' ' .
: Elizabeth H. Williams to William Williams,
lot on NE corner of Spear street, 137:6 NW of
Folsom, NW 45.10 by NE 137:6; grant.
Anna O. Gamut to Anna E. Johnson, as ex
ecutrix of the estate of Jacob C. Johnson, lot
§a. S lino of Market street, 60 K*\V of First SW
60 by. SB -80. quitclaim deed; $1.
, /Edward J. Prlngle to William Dorgan, re
record 151 D. 193, commencing on NW line 100
vara lot 29, 36 NE from W corner side, lot be
ing 311 NE of Second, NE 85:6 by SE 75; $2700.
George M. Westcott to Benjamin and Jeanne
M. • Telsssire, lot on NW line of Clary street.
300 SW of Rltch, SW 25 by.NW 75; $3000.
Patrick and Ada H. Tiernan to Jacot>.Stah
leeker, lot on Nw line of Harrison street. 330
SW of Fourth, SW 25 by NW 85; $4000.
- Michael F. and Mary A. Dempsey to Sebas
tian Gramllch, lot on SW line of Oak Grove
avenue, 250 SE of Harrison street, SE 25 by
SW, 112; $3000. . ' >
' Catherine Callahan to Henry C. Callahan, lot
on SW line of Sixth ¦ street. 30 SE of Minna.
SE 50 by SW. 75; also lot on SE line of Minna
street, 75' SW of Sixth, SW 25 by SE 80; $70,000.
John J. Hickey to Bridget Hlckey, lot on W.
line- of San Bruno avenue (Nebraska street).
-25.S of Twentyrflfth (Yolo) street, S 75 by W
.75; $2500.- '..'¦¦•¦
• Estate of Joseph P. Le Count (by Frank P.
Le Count; administrator) to A. J. Rich, all
Interest in the following: Lot . on E line of
Twenty-fourth avenua. . 100 N of
street? N 25 by E 120; also lot on E line of
Seventh avenue, 200 S of C street, S 50 by E
120; — . - -¦ . . ¦ '
George and Theresa Vrachliottl "to same,
Bame, 2 pieces (quitclaim deed) ; $500.
Catherine A.' andEdwin Estey to Louise R.
Bromley and Hattie R. Fraser, lot on W line
of Thirty-seventh avenue. , 225 S of Q street,
S B0. by- W. 120; $10. : . . :a
¦> Estate of Lazar Jovovlch (by John A. Drink
hcuse, administrator) to Spaso M. Jovovlch,
lot on N corner of K street and Twenty-seventh
avenue south,' NE 100 by NW 75, block 507,. Bay
View Homestead ; also lots 869 and 870, : gift
map 4:. $190. . \ ¦ ...
Oscar Heyman to Charles F. Martin, lots 194
and 196, Holliday map A; K600. , . - . .
;.-. Ellen, Murphji to Bertha .Valpey. (wife of C.
C), lot "en NB line of Sixteenth avenue south'
225. NW of Li stredt, NW 30. by" NE 100, -block
808. South San Francisco Homestead -and Rail
road' Association (quitclaim deed) ; $ia - ;
Alameda County. J:
¦' ' Frederick and ! Ella Hess to Arthur . Ochsner,'
lot on S W corner . of Geary, or Thirty-ninth
street, and Telegraph road, W 100 by 8 50, -map
of the Evoy Plot, Oakland; $1000.- • ¦;--¦,<
Henry M. and Sarah Sanborn, Theodore O.
and Frances M. Gladding (his wife). Charles
B., H.. Theodore* O. and Charles /B. H. Glad
din-g/r trustees of 'the "estate of Allen I. Glad
ding, to George E. Pratt, 'all of Mocks 764 and
765. Watts Tract, map 2; also all interest in
lots ,' 1 to 9,' block 771 as per said : map, and
lots 1 to 27, block 770, and. triangular piece of
land in block 770. which Is bounded : on N sidu
by lot ' 27, 1 block ! 770, W . by Wood ' Htreet, S by
Watts Tract, and also ¦ triangular piece of land
In block 769,- which Is bounded by Willow and
Center streets and ; lands '. of George * C. Potter,
Oakland: $2000. -
:. Mountain. View Cemetery Associatipn to Mar
garet E. C. Morse. ¦: lot. 18 |ln plot ZS, Mountain
View Cemetery,, Oakland Township:, $30.,
Benjamin - Healey ¦ to '. Edward H. ¦ Sheldon,'
lot on- BW- line of Bast 'Twenty-second street,
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
N Decker, Palo Alto
C R Drake, Arizona
W H Hill, -Pasadena :
M T Rives, Louisiana
W G Goslln. Eureka
W H Romalne, N Y. |
Mr & Mrs H A Calen
der, Los Angeles
R Melneche, Wisconsin
C Jacobson, Portland
L R Plechner, St Paul
E J Mitchell, Chicago
MIfs J Rofl, NY
J F More. S Barbara
J *B ¦ Farlsh, Denver
Miss Adkus.-Cal
A W Morse. Watsonv
J G Grunner & w, Cal
W O Bowers, Sacto
P L Shuman, Chlttendn
Mrs. H W Conner La
Miss . Kock, Louisiana
Miss Miles, Louisiana
J S,Hawley, Toronto
J Davis & w. Denver
F M Ball. Ft, Worth
A A Alexander, NY
Mrs S C Ball. Ft Worth
Mrs J C Levgrne, Tex
LWarfleld.N.Y
A E Harthcote, Pa
P F Tralnor & w, N Y
Mr & Mrs C W Hark
ness. New York
Miss Bushnell, NY.
W G Warden, Pa
P L Williams, Utah
Miss Williams, Utah .
C H Jenklnson, Utah
Leo Bruck. N Y
J B Calm, Chicago
A B Foote, Cal
J Chambers, Clnn.
C H Hill. Wisconsin
F Stansbury,' Chicago
S L Crim, Chicago
Mrs. Evasay, Chicago
P Klmberley, Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
J F Malona, Hollister
Edna Wlllson, Holllstr
W Butts, Holllster
H K Hubbard, Kanaby
R Dunn, California
F Belknap, Oakland -
O Scribner, Bakerfleld
S Blumenthal. El Paso
Mrs Holzheimer, Slt.L
C H Rowell, Fresno
F Coleman, Chicago ¦
N William. Redding
F Albrecht & f, Chigo
II Oa!L Cal \ .'¦>.
W B Dean, Chlco
F Sharp. Philadelphia
W- Holzheimer, Utah
G W Gibson. WilltamM
A Burton. Emporla, K
F G King, Denver •
G A Schroter, Denver
J Hebbrort, Salinas
J Campbell '& w, S 'Rs
J D Bradley. Merced
D King. Buffalo, N Y
F Mason, Sacto • ..
E P Meyers, Ukiah *
Mrs Kellogg. Wash
Miss Roe, Montana
G F,Adkins, Seattle
C Humphrey, Pennsyl.
M Price, South Africa
C Brown & w, Chlcgo
H Knlttel & w, S Rafl
W G Allen. Portland
J Nourse; Stndfd Unl
E Kukel & w. ¦ Montan
R W Hoffman, N Y
W Patterson, Wetley
S Kidder & d. Ors Val
C H Cobb, Seattle
Mm Cobb, Seattle
C B Cofteen. Chicago
J Shlbley, Grass Valy
E W Murphy, Los Ang
J PHiller. Chicago
S Leonard, San Jose
Santana & w, Sn Rsa
L Hunter, San Jose
H E Austin, Chicago
W Houser, Palo Alto
W Sims. Utah
G S 'Stack. Cal -\-> '
F Corey. Palo Alto
Mrs Morse, Chicago .
Miss Morse, . Chicago
Mrs 'Johnston, Cl spgs
H L Hill. Sacto " -
F Kauttman, Woodlnd
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.; TUESDAY, / ; MAY 28, 1901;
13
[£?"Funeral ; private this day (Tuesday),
at 2. o'clock, from his late residence, 513
Jessie street,, near Sixth. Interment Odd
. Fellows' Cemetery. - ' .* ¦
"WILLIAMS— In this city. May 26, 1901. John
Williams, a native of , England, aged v 39
years. . . •
WOOD— At his residence, 790 Ellis street. John
Borden Wood,' son of the late Henry B. and
Julia T. Wood, and brother of Henry J.,
James A. and Augustine Wood, a native of
Yolo' County, aged 36 'years 5 months and 25
days. (Stockton, Fresno and Calaveras
papers please copy.) . >
IC?" Interment, at Woodland.
cS^Notice of funeral hereafter.
WARD— In this city, May 27, 1901, ' Patrick J.
Ward, a native of Ireland, aged fiO years.
WENZEL— In this city. May 26, 1901, of pneu-
monia, Edward Wenzel, dearly beloved hus-
band of Ol«a Wenzel, and father of Paula.
Helena and Edward Wenzel Jr. and Mrs. J.
Gordlno and the late Mrs. William Nlchol-
'* son, a native of Sebnltz. Saxony, aged 63
years and 8 days. ' A member of Valley
Lodse No. 30, A. O. U. W., and Harmony
Lodire No. 13. I. O. O. F. •
C^Frlendn and - acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited' to attend the funeral thin day
¦ (Tuesday), at 10:30 o'clock,, from her late res-
ldenre,; W) Tiffany avenue, between Twenty-
el«hth and Twenty-ninth streets, /and Mis-
sion street' and San Jose avenue. Intrrment
I private, v ¦¦¦ . ' •;'. S ~V " - .' '
SILVERFOOTE— In Oakland, May 26. 1901,
Manuel Sllverfoote .Sr., father of Joseph,
Michael and Manuel i Sllverfoote, Mrs. Var-
jrns. Mrs. . A. ' C. - Foutes, I Mrs. J. Bios and
Frank Duart, a native of the Azores, • aged
63 'years 8 months and, 16 days. -
STEWART— In this city, May 27, 1901, Janice
Frnncfs, beloved daughter of F. \V. and Lil-
lian Stewart, a native of San Francisco,
¦ awed 5 months'and 24 days. ' • ' ¦
SVETINICH— In Lozlsche, Brae, Dalmatia.
Austria, May 2G, 1901. > Guro, beloved hus-
band of Marcoritu Svetlnlch, and father of
Peter, John and . George Svetlnlch and Mrs.
Martin Perich, a native of Austria, aged 74
, years. • \ . , • '
TROMMLITZ-^In this city. May 27. -1901. Paul,
dearly beleved husband of Henrietta Tromm-
lltz. nnd father of Melvln, Florence and
Louise Trommlltz. a native of Germany, aged
.:'; fully invited'. to attend the- funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday).' at 8:30 o'clock,-: from her late
¦ residence, 543A Castro street, between Klght-
eenth and Nineteenth/ thence to the Church
of the" Most Holy Redeemer, Eighteenth and
.: Hirtford: streets, where a requiem high mass
- will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
¦commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
-Cross Cemetery. ¦ ':• .' . .-
MORRILL—In this city,' Mijiy 27, 1901, Melvin
f Eugene; beloved son of . Amor D. nnd Win-,
'..nlfred Morrill. a'nativa of -Iowa, .aged 1 year
3 months and~iS : days.' v (Mason City. Iowa.
; and Nelllsville,' \Vls.,t papers please copy.)
' ItyFrlends and acc'^alntancea are respect-
fully Invited jto attend the'funcral to-morrow
OVednesday). ' at 10 o'clock, from the resl-
i dence of hla aunt.' Mrs.' P. B. Tolford. 1414
>Hyde sttrpet, between., Washington and Jack-
; spn., Interment Mount Olivet Cemetery, by
. carrlnre. ; f! "¦ . w ¦ , •, • '
O'LEARY— In this city. May 25. 1M1. Lillian
B.,' beloved wife of "William ,R. O'Lieary, and
. mother of William J. and Ueslle-K. O'Leary,
, and daughter of Mary A. "White, and sister
of John. Richard, • Charles, William and
Daisy White and Mrs. M. Cook and Mrs. L.
Austin, a native of Minnesota, aged 22 years
11 months and 27 days. . :
EATLWAT TBAVZZb
W * Just a little bettet j \
I . than an^ other tram U
I ; —a little belter service- »
K a more homelike • '" ' o
i I feeling on the I
CALIFORNIA
LIMITED
M than you find elsewhere. - |
I . and it runs like thfs |
| LEAVES SAW FRANCISCO |
j 9 an (Won Tubs Wed Thur Fri Sat Sun 1
ARRIVES CHICAGO . / |
2.1 S pm Thur Fri Sat Sun Ron Tues Wed |
75 HOURS TO CHICAGO I
ON THE i
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
1 , Via Sausalito Ferry. '
CommencInK April 28. 1901. • •
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
•WEEK DAYS-6^5. S:XO. •9:36. 11:00 a. m
12:45, 'Uio. 3:15, 4:15, 6:15. »6:15. 6:45 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays, Saturdays
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 7:00. 8:00, *9:00. •i0:00, 11:00, U-30
a. m.. 12:45. 'l^O, 2:30, »3:45, 5:00, 6:00,7:30
p. m. 11:00 a. m. doea not run to San Rafael
Sundays.
Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCI3CO
WEEK DAYS— "S^,, 6:27. 7:47. 8:3oT 1015
a. m., *12:25, 1:15, 2:20. 'IrtS. 4:40. 6:30 p. m
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
nnd Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. *8:00. 9:45. •11:00 a m •l-
m., 1:00. 2:15. '3:30. 4:J0, *5:4o. 6:43. 7:30. "l0:10
p. m. . >..;• ,• i .-. •
Trains marked (•) start from San Quentln
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 6:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10 30
a. m.. 12:35, 1:45, 2:45. 3:50. 5:10, 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 1$:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:10 a. m.. 12-15
1:20. 2:30. 3:45. 5:00. 8:15, 7:15. 10:30 p. m. '
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. • • . ¦ •
5:15 i). m. week days (Saturdays except«d>—
Tomaleo and way stations.
8 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
10:00 a. m. Sundays— point Reyes and way
stations. - )
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street* Ferry .Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
¦ - » Dally. Dally. I>ally. Pally.
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton. 10:25 a 11:45 a 11:05 p 7:25 p
"Merced .. 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a ...;...
" Fresno;.. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
" Hanford. 4:22 p 3:27 p 7:06 a
" Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a .:
" Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 5:05 a
. '• Bksfleld . 6:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a .'.
" Kan City 2:41a 7:30 a
" Chicago ". 2:15 p 9:0O*p
a for morning, p for afternoon. '
9:00 a. m. train Is the California Limited
Carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class . passengers. No second-class
-.tickets are ¦ honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives' at 5:55 p. m. ' daily."
4:20 p. m. Is Stockton Local. Correspond,
ing. train arrives at 11:05 a. m; dally.
8:00 p. m: i3 the, Overland Express, with
through ' Palace and Tourist ' Sleepers and
free . Reclining Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
sponding, train arrives at 6:55 p. m. daily.
. 7:20 a. m. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
at all points In San Joaquln Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 : a. m. daily."
. Offices— €41 Market street and In Ferry
Depot, San Francisco; 1118 Broadway,
' Oakland. ' ' ' ' ¦. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Vl» Sioi»llto Perry— Foot of Mirkst St. • ',
- tf»w« •«»• r«»n. , "' , x Mmvi •«>¦ num.'.
8:00 a. m.V • ' _fl2'.15p. u.
9«0a.m. ( *. • . 1:15f. u.
10«0 A.M.I - oni^T>AV<« J 830 F. U.
1150 A. M.f 8UNDAYS — — V4-WP.H,
'130 p.m. ' ,. 5J0».M.
230p. m.JV -.¦¦•¦-.* V ( 7:10p.m.
Pare. Saa FraaelMa to Sratatt and htm, tlM - >
.Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. & Sausalito Ferry.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
629 KEABICY ST. Established I
In 1834 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
ilisensp wearing on body and mlnrt and
Skin Oisenscs. The Doctorcures when
others fall. Try hira. (.barges low.
<'nrc» jsnarnntfed. Cull or write.
l>r. J. ff. OIBBOX. U&u Francisco, Cal.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Train* lew* •> Mari ure «luw i«» *rrl«* »•
¦ . ¦ MAN rttA!IVI5l<:«.
(Main Una. Foot of Market Strati)
lkat» — y»oii Mat 16. 1901. — A»*rf
. 7:30a Benlda, Hulauu, E;mlr», V»e»»lll»,
Kurawj »n<l aicmiuonto 7i33f
7i3uaD»tU, Woodland. Knight* Laadlnj.
M.rjtTlllo. Otufllle.. 7i31p
7i3*A AtUnUo Kxprao— Ofd«n »od Kul 1S>S3>>
¦ S>O«a Martinez, M»uK»inou,V»llejo. H»(H».
C«llitog»»ndMi»ut»Ho»» «i«3r
•i««a NUes, Lathrop. Stockton 7s33r
* SittOA Miles, Mandota, Fresno. Banfoid.
Viaali*. Porterrule 4>S3v
Si3Ua ShuU Expreas — D»t1», WiUlamg (for
Bartlett Spricn). WIJlowj. KeU
Bluff. PortUud... ..; 7tMt
IiSOa Ban Josa, LI? ermore. Htooktoii,
'• Ion*. Saerauieuto. FUoerrllle,
M»r;stlllit, Cblco. lts<l Illurt 4>S9r
¦>8«a Omkdala, CMucm (Tot«mlt«). 80-
non. Carter* «:23*
11:0(1 a H»T»anl. Nlles and Way Stations.. II1M4
»|U«A Lo« AnfelM Express— Martinet,
Traoj, Latlirop. rilooktou, Merceil
' FreauuandLo* Anzoles 7i*3»
•>S»« V»|1M... Al.rtiuo* >»<! Way Station. BiSSp
1 OiOUa Tho OTerlan.l Limited— Ojdeu. D«n- I
?er, Oniaba. Clilcafio «»S3r
fliOOr Sacramento Illisr Hiohiiibm f5iO»»A
•>3»p Uaywaxd. >'ll>-t and War Buttons.. 7i33*
4io»r U-.uicl*, Winters, Haeraiuaoto,
Womlland. KiiIkIiU J^udhn.
MnrfailllB, OniTllln ¦•>83*
4t**r Martliiex, Hiui Itamuu. Vallejo.
Nivim, (!i«llnk(iK*. SwuU Koflfl *t>34
4i00f Niies, LlTermore. Stoektoa. Lodl... 12iX3r
-iillur Haywii-a. Mien, San Jijio. LlTermoro fSinS^
4iUW^ Port Cooa. Tracy, Lathrop, Stockton IU:23a
3:«Op The Owl I Auiited— If teeuo, Tulare,
' . BakenOelil. Han jim for Santa Sax*
bars, Lios Autnles.., ' S:33»
5:0»? Martina. Antioch. Stockton. Mor-
ood. Freano ,'. lSiSSp
9:O«p Vonemlte / 1*»«3#
3:30r yew Orleans £zpre*a— Msndota,
Fresno, BskeriSeJd. Los Aogelea,
Doming-. El ruo, New Orlessa
and Baat 7i5Sa.
«so»r HaTwaid, Nile* aud Hau Jo»e 7;33»
fOiOOr V»ll«J« I li."»3\
tfiOWr Oriental Mail-Oeslen, Cliejonue.
Omaha, Cblctgn I3:S3r
OiOOr Oriental Mall— Ogilea, Denver.
Omaha. Clilo»«<>. 4t*3r
7:«Or Orution and C'alifunila KsprMni.Ma*-
ruinniitx. MarrntlllB. Kn.l.lliiK.
I'DitlMinl. I'linot Miinii.1 ainl Kaa» Ss3Sa
Iio.1p8an Pib'.o, Port Costs, Martian
ami Way HUtlons HiSSa
|«3B3r ValH" *... 7«3*p
COAST LINE Warn* u«n K e).
(Foot «t il»rkot Street.) - .^ ;
17 1 »i» Santa Cruz Cxenraloo to riaata Cruz
¦ and Prlno'pal Way Stations :*»O3p
Stl.tA Newark. Onicrilllr,Haii.li>«B,Ki-ltnn, . -
UoitMerl'reek.SaiiUOiiuaudWay
MtMtl.ina 9<S9»
fatlSp Newark, <.'«tit«»!IIo. Hail .Iosa, New
Ali.m.i«». Knltiin. Itoiililor (,'rwk,
SauU t.'riu ami l*rlnol|>al Way
Mtiillont.. tia«3«A
4il.1r Newark, Ban Joae. I.oaG*toi.....{ ji££2£
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rriaSII FB MU1SCU— rsot .t Nirktt SlroMSlliiS)—
t7:I» 9:00 11:00*. u. 1:03 3:00 5:13r«.
fMuiOtSUHO— r«»ltiBrMi»«?.-J«;:flO ttf;0O fS:03
10:U0».u. "12:03 8:03 t:03r.M.
COAST LiINC (llroa.l «aa S r).
(Thirl and Townaeml S t>.)
CjKm San Joseand W»jr .stuions iililo?
t7:«O»H»»Ji»«».i.l \V«; »t»ll..iiH liitup
J7:ai>* Sunday Excnm'oa for San Jite.
xant* Cruz. I'.clflc Groro and
Vi inclpil Way Kusioa- J8:30r
OiOOaHuii Joao. Tre» 1'lnoii, HjuiU Cnir.,
1'at-ltic- Un>*Vh rnlin»» 0sn tell
. Obiapo ami Filncii*J iutermedUt*
.HUU,.lin.... '. v IjIOp
IO:.1Oa 8*n Jcse and War Station*. ?>3»p
/I«:3i>aNcw Almatleii / 3t3«rp
I IsilOA Man Jns« *ml Way HUtlona SiIlOp
ISii'lftp SaiHlIatru. Unlwiioil. Menlo Park.
Fain Alto. . Santa UUra. Mitn. lime.
Trca Plnoa, MauU Ons, Salinas,
Mmiterey »ml I'Hcilic (Srure |IO:I3»
Xt3O r San.los*an<t Wn; Stullnna O::t»A
f-ltlSr San Joseui.1 Principal Way Htatloits »>-I3a
t3:OWr8an Joje, Los Gatoa and Principal '
Way Stations 10:00*
3:3Op Raii.I<M« ami Principal Wa* stations 8:33a
OiOOf Redwo-cl, Han Jo«»>. GUr.y. flallBaa,
. - 6ant» B»rharvLo» Angeles 10:83a
•:OOr Del Monte, Monterey, Paaflc Urare,
Loxpoo • 1o»«3a
O::iOp San Juae and Way .Stations t*'*°*
«H»-l3pSaii Jose ami Way SUtlons 7»3«T
A for Morning - P for Afteruoon.
f t Simrtair «ic«|>led. t Sunday only.
/ a Saturday ODly. y T /TuesdaTsand Fridays.
CAUFORSII .IORTHVESTERI RT. CO.
LESSEE.
SAN FRANCISCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
' RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tlburon Perry, Foot of Market St.
Son Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS— 7:30. »:00. li:0O a. m.; 12:35.
3:30, 6:10, <i:20 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11.-S0 p. m. Saturdays— Extra- trips at 1:W
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— s:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:3% 3:30.
6:C0. 6:20 p. m.
San Rafael to San Franclaco.
WEEK DAYS-S:10, 7:50, 3:20. 11:10 a. m.; 12:45,
3 mo. 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtpa at IOS
and C:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
. Leave . I In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. [April IS. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I 8un- I I Sun- I W««k
Days. I days. | Destination. | days. | Pays.
7:30 am S:00 am Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma.. 6:05 prn 10:23 am
6:10 pm .5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:33 pm 8:20 pm
_ • Fulton.
7:30 am Windaor. ! 10:23 am
5:00 pm Healdsburg. 10:40 am
Lytton.
Geyservllle.
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. | 7:33 pm <:20 pm
7:30 am! 6:00 pml Hcpland 110:40 am 1 10:23 am
»:30 pm| 8:00 am[ and Uklah. 1 7:35 pm| t:20 pm
7:30 ami 10:10 am 10:23 am
I 8:00 am GuemevUle. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 3:00 pm . <:20 pm
' 7:30 ami 8:00 am] Sonoma I 9:15 am 8:40 am
I and ..I
5:10 pm; 5:00 pm| Glen Ellen. | 6:05 pm 6:20 pm
7:30 am} 8:00 am) I 110:40 am|10:25 am
3:30 pm| 5:00 pmf Febaatopol. | 7:35 pm[ (:20 pra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for' Mark' West
Springs and White Sulphur Ppmrars; at Fulton
for Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at
Gey&ervllle for Slcagss Springs ; at Cloverdala
for the Geyaers: at Hopland for - Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelsejnrllle. Carls-
bad Springs, Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, ¦ Upoer Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's, Riverside. -Lierley's, Bucknells,
Sanhefirtn Heights. Hullville. Orr'a . Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort Bragg. West-
port. Usal. Willlts. Laytonvllle. Cummins,
Bell's Springs, Harris. . Olsen' a. Dyer, Scotia
and Kureka. - • . • ¦ ¦;•
¦ Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sunday round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket ' Office. 650 Market street. Chrontcls '
Building.
H.- C. WHITING, V* i R. X> RTAN.
' . Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Act.
CQ7 oo BUFFALO CR7 00
VU I I = And Return $Q I I =
Tickets on Safe
JUNE 3d and 4th
FOR DETAILED INFORMATION
. CALL OR ADDRESS
W. H. SNEDAKER,
648 Market Street.
MCSICA L I\STRC3IE\TS.
A MODERN piano factory is at your disposal
to have vour piano thoroughly overhauled
by nrst-class workmen in every denartment-
J'ou can have it repaired while vou are away
C J * eummer. tuned, tone retruWted. j-oi-
Jsneci and delivered to you on your return;
you pay no more -to have It rewired In the
lactory than sou would have In iome small
shop, and have the advantage of skilled
men In every department: w* invite vou to
inspect the factory-. BYRON MAUZY SOS-
310--12 Post et., sole aKein.. Solimer Byr^n
Maczy. Gabler. Hamilton & Splelmann
pianos. •; •¦',
THE best thine we can say of our crreat cash
piano pale is that It has been the most tuc-
cesFful one we have ever h-ld. There are
only fiv«> more days In Uil* month, therefore
you must not delay if you want to jet the
benefit of the very low prices we are now
offering; )uet think of cutting a -ir'ce rin'.it
In t«-o: that's wha». w? are dolnc in this
Fale. W « will Rrranre to meet you In the
evening If you nre not able tn come In th«
&?' tlm £-« TI t !E 7E *O MAUVAIS MLSIC
CO.. TCT Market rt.
A V L y-JI ! " no8 P ur chased of SHERMAN. CLAY
\°- »n»y be exchanged for a new Strinway
'iprlcht or baby Krand piano any time within
Ji years from date of purchase, and have full
trie* allowed. New upright pianos. $6 per
month; pome good rinrrn* «old for f*. $4 and
« per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Pteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
««.. San Francisco: corner Broadway and
Thirteenth rt.. Oakland.
• A !'V- opr1 * nU '"""t price* and *a.«fe*t term*.
I «°y Ua w ' 2 Chlckertngm <llk«
.1 Heine baby grand pew) $200
Hike new) M2-, i Hal!et-Davls....$l«
1 Ptelnway $1SV 2 Heine* $315 up
Ana fifty other*: rents $J up allowed on pur-
chase We handle all make*. Agents for fa-
mcu* Hnll<-t-nnvl«-Hpine. *tc. : a?ents want-
_Qq. HEINE PJANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
PniOVAL of KEEFFE'R piano store from
Market st. to otir larp* «nd eleirant Quarters.
R14 Port rt.. onnoslte Union Fquare. Are now
prepared to offer several new makes nnd all
of our old rtock at preatly reduced prlew.
j JAR KEFFFF.. 214 Pest st.. between Stock-
ton and Powell.
ABSOLI'TFLT the Hrtert «n<J l«r*ert hou*e
west of Chicnco Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 2S.
?* anrt 80 O'Farrell Ft.: pianos, onrans and
all othrr musical instruments of all grades
*nd price*: terms easy; prices lowest: everv-
thltiK possible done to please and satisfy the
purtomer.
A LIST of fine «epnnd-h3n<1 banraln^— 1 Emer-
wn. 1 HalM & Pavt*. 1 Conovrr. 1 Curtaz. 1
FWIIng. STS. $l?S. $]<5. «>t<\ • <«arv payments.
BKNJ. Oi;RTAZ *• SON. 16 O'Farrell rt.
CMckerlnc. Vose. P'erllntr Agency; also
Apollo, king of F»lf-players.
BATlGAINf 3 — Clearance rule barpalns; unrleht
Trianon. $~ nnd upward; Ptelnway. Knalv.
T5m»rf^n. Hxrtman «nd others; squares $10
tip. BHfEXy. SOS Port et.
HANPROME standard upright plnno: also
pplntlnps; Facrlflce; leaving city. 73G O'Far-
reTl Ft.
PMALL souare W«>S«»r niano In order;
cheap. Apply at T^ 1 * Treat ave.
AN BH'ttrht Piano: must bi» «old: owner leav-
irr. HORjci'NG. 216 McAllister rt.
CLOSTNfJ o"t Ftnek of nfano«: prices r»^1uced
ore-na'.f. W. C. HAMILTON. S Flood bldg.
\,rmvio pinr.o* th; most popular. WILEY B.
" ALLEN CO.. *er,eral atents. 953 Market «t.
fS PPR month rent* a beautiful p'.snn. SCOTT-
Ct'RTAZ PIANO CO.. B€0 Hayes Et.
$117— MAHOGANY case Fischer upright. 217
peary ft., room SS.
A SMALT. Chlckerin* upright. *1»S; fi uprights.
»«T,n<! -handed, your choice at $110. 217 Geary.
AT WILSON'S Ptorajre. 1706 Market St.. you
<-nn cet rtorape piano* almort for a tone
PAROAIN' — Must be nold: nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 1C McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
fcrr-pTOR \iolir..«. withers, old and new. H.
MT'T.T.KR. iraker. repairer, g Latham place.
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
TO rer.t or lease— Second floor. 620 Market St.,
nnpnsit* Palace Hotel: Al huMnesi" location.
Apply to GEO. H. COVERT. <g3 Market «t-
EMMA PPRECKELS building. PT Market St.—
Sunny offices, $15 to $20; uraal services.
PEPKROOM for rent. June 1. in office, 525 Par-
mtt building.
CLEMENTINA. 23-Store and 4 lame nleai=ant
rooms; r«»t cheap. Key upctalrs.
KTVRGANT. Heht. sunny offices, partly fur-
tMyb«"-l: fine location. 143 Powell rt.
OIL.
J1S.POO TO invest In oil shares for young East-
em capitalist: he asks, location, title, prices,
directory, etc. : send stamped envelope for
hi* queries; confidential: will deal only with
officers of companies. Lock box IOCS. San
Krancisoo portofflce
CALIETOGA OH and Development Company;
fpeiat'.ng on 2120 acrs? of oil land In ntne
cl^trlcts. Offlee. 23 und 24 Merchants' Ex.
COSTA RICA— Lart char.ce at 10c; Wg advance
in a few days. Pacific States Mining and In-
v»;tment Co.. S26 Post Open evenings.
Oil. tanks, f-econd-hand. In *rood order; all
riy«: ch»ap. H. S. WHITE. MS Mission rt.
OIL L.AXDS.
OIL l£.nds for tale or lease In all parts of the
Ftat*. We can furnish you with lands In the
l>ett localities. If you are looking for lands
<t wish to Invest In stocks of the leading oil
orm can-tea call en u« before going elsewhere.
rilKA & PETERSON. S01 Examiner building.
rAIVrEUS AVD DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades: rooms papered,
t M up. .Teneen & Bath. SOS Sixth: open even.
PAPER-HANGING, house painting: good reli-
able work. Clark' e. SOS Larkln; tel. Larkln 1060.
1'ALMISTRY.
MADAME GKRMAINe! """""
PVJC ten days only this famous business
PALMIST
¦will remain In her presert quarters prior 'to
a tiuch needed vacation.
Ilen-.ember she guides you for a year
ahead. T06 Market st.
Ef. .THF.OME FOSSELLI. scientific palmist. BIS
Tay;o r St.. bet. Gea r r and Post: tel. Black £61.
MHS.Lamb.sclentific palmlrt and character read-
lng; lessons In class and private. 617 Jones st.
MRS. WM. McMAN'US. scientific palmist. 1149
Market. 10 to 5; residence 731 Gue^ero st.
MMF. GERMAINK. the business palmiit of the
I'nriflc Coast 80< Market nt.
PEHSO.NALS.
lSHST on eartb— Blood poison, ltchlnir. skin
diseases, rheumatlcm, piles, catarrh, any dis-
ease that doctors end old remedies have
failed. We guarantee to cure sure. Call or
write for full Information to. the old reliable
ICIr.jc Liniment Medicine Co.. permanently
located CIS Montgomery st.. room 22, third
floor. DRS. KING and JOXES.
A— IF vour hair Is falling or you are bald, call
"n DR. G. S. MOORE. 488 Oeary st.. and you
will not be disappointed: this remedy is posi-
tively guaranteed: preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or «end for circular.
A WOMAN on exhibition, eld and wrinkled on
or.e side cf f.ace, other side made smooth and
youthful by exp*rt specialist In charre. Call
N'.Y. InffH Dermatology. 105 Ellis, r. 20-21 S. F.
C1GAKKTTE nnd tobacco habit cured at
home: $5; valuable Information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S2» Polk St.. San Francisco.
ELECTRIC light In every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market: 7W rooms;
ISc to $1 50 per night; Jl £0 to 16 per week;
free 'l;ua and bacsrage to and from the ferry.
J] WEEKLY- Suit* to order from genuine
fiootch. S15 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
*rnnt overcoats, $15 up. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
WHITE enamel Iron beds, slnele. three-quarter
or double. $2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1210-1312 Stockton St.. near Broadway.
BCHOOL to learn halrdressln*. hair work, man-
Icariny: private lessens or class. MISS A. V.
DOTLE. 1704 Market, bet. Polk and Van ;*ess.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; 10
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 3S7 Jessie et.
Ladle*' and pents' cast-off clothing bought and
mid. J. EUverman. 984 Folsom: tel.Fo!so;n 1191.
LADIES' tailor nuits made to order: reasonable.
S. KRAMER. Ladies' Tailor. 220 Powell st.
KTANISH lessons *riven by a native Spanish
t»arh»r. VIZ McAllister rt.
TAILOR made suits. $7 50: dress pants. $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Hush and Dupont.
Dr. Dur.ton: diseases of men only: sanitarium
CT9 Clay st.. cor. Kearny: conmiltaUoTj free.
SPRING rtvles Standard patterns now ready.
"Domestic" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. Sixth.
Dr. Harriet Welch. 2115 Bueh: hours 2 to S. ex-
rent Th. and Fat.: electrolysis; 17 yeara'exper.
OLD cold, silver, diamonds and nreeious «tones
l<o«ght. J. K. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
A'.FRI'DITMS Esyptian Henna: restore* rr&y
hair to Its natural color: tl: at all dra*s;irts.
MASQUERADE costumes, nlay books. wfr»:
rnun'ry orders. GOLDSTEIN .t CO.. 733 Mkt.
t-TPERFLUOrS hnir nnd mr.lrs destroyed with
<-l«"-tri<- needie. MIPS EATOV. 1119 Putter et.
1)K. LAMOTTE'S Frenrb r O rn Paint, the best
«~^rri i-;t>: ?T«v all t»nig-e<st«.
PH ySIOfl.NQ.MI^ 3',
MARY O. STANTON. ucIenUflc phy«~l0fT.iomirt7
reads character by the face or 'nhotoanwh:
hours 1 to 5. 7 to 9 dally; -free lecture Sun-
day I p. m.; Thursdays 3, S10 leavenworth.
PHYSICIANS AXU SCBGEOXS. ,
DR. c. C. 0*DOXXKu52o7ace ranfl VreWdipCfc
It'll Market t-L. between Sixth tind rseventn.
Dlt. WO.NG HIM. herb doctor, successfully
tr«-nt» all dlFease* of the human horty; see
m «*MimnntH)« nt office. 11!>-n? Mw«nn. nr. K1IU.
l'lLHS-
•NEAKL.V KKto permanent cures here In rour
midst; many who have tufferert 10 to 30
>tr.rs; over fifty names of prominent busi-
ness men sent as reference; no chloroform,
turjery or delay from business, and no
waives for fp.1*. Particular*. a<ldre«sxt*hrsi-
clun. t»ox TSrm. Call office, p. F.. Cal.
IIKU, KjSTATK — « IT\ — KOlC SALR.
P^f^f.^R^'PERT^FOR^SALE! "^" ~
Lot ftouth side of Post fit; sixty-six (60) feet
front; eltuatfd between the Crocker building
and Mechanics' Institute building. For par-
ticulars apply to JAMES A. WHITE, room
11. tenth floor, Mills building.
NORTH side-, marine view, Broadway lot;
owner going: away: bargain for quick sale.
I THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
A. BALDASSI & CO.. 2C« Montgomery ave.—
Doing fair business with English. French,
| Italian and Spanish (peaking people.
J2500 — MODERN house 9 rooms, bath, station-
ary tubs; sun all day: good location; etrcet
work done. 205 Bennlnston et., Holly Park.
BARGAIN — That elegantly decorated now mod-
ern 10-room residence. 775 Cole trt. : open daily.
IK yciu have Join to «»li .rioriti 'of the Pane,
tr»n fKll rn W. J. C"NN. 13ft <*«MfnmU »t.
KI2AI. ESTATE COt'NTRY For Sale
$2500-100 ACRES of land, well Improved; 10
ncrr* of vineyard and 1 ncre of an orchard;
20 acres of grain land and ' rest Rood pasture:
situated between Campo Reco and Valley
Sprinjrs. Calaveras County. Addrcsa G.
MA8KUS, Campo Seco P. O.
BI T Y In Napa County; no droughts, no Irriga-
tion, no failure of crops; \rrile us for free
copy "Napa County Vitlculturlst." The W.
A. MACKINDER CO.. St. Helena. Cal.
! RANCHES — Fruit ranches, dairy ranches,
chlckrn ranches and general ranches for sale
_and to rent. JOSEPH BAILIE. 759 Market.
.MARION GRIFFIN. Heal Estate. Agent. 713
Market et.. by Call bldg. — Free circulars de-
scribing farms for" Bale all over this State.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for sale: write for
free list. C. Tl. WINFIELD. Petaluma. Cal.
SAUSALITO It 12 A L. ESTATE.
FOR rale or for rent— $3S50; Just completed; 8-
room residence In the choicest part for view
and sunshine; every convenience; strictly
modern and built by day work: $100 cash. $30
the first month: payments increasing each
month It desired; lot 06x120 feet. DR. CRUMP-
TON. Sausalito. or ALBERT WILFORD. 300)
.Tackpon ft.. S. F.. from 12 to S. .
REAL ESTATE WANTED.
WANTED— A lot? $3000 to $3000; north of Mar-
ket St. Box 3265. Call office.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE!.
SPECIAL THIS WEEK. >
J3.200— Modem 2-story house of 9 rooms; lot
33x170; near Bay and Morton st. stations;
terms to suit. CHARLES ADAMS & CO.,
Bay station. Alameda.
BERKELEY ADVERTISEMENTS
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
TRADE for city property; a beautiful home;
3-story house; large grounds; fruit trees;
barn; chicken houses; on main street to uni-
versity; this property Is clear; will exchange
for city property and pay cash difference.
Address H. PLODM.
A bargain; new cottage, 4 rooms, bath,
pantry, stationary tubs, brick-foundation; high
basement; a block to electric cars and station;
price $1400; only $100 cash,, balance same as
rent; $15 monthly. /
New cottage of 5 rooms, bath pantry, bay-
window; c% block to railroad station, street
cars and stores; price $lS00; $150 cash, balance
$17 50 monthly.
Snap; cottage of 5 rooms, bath, high base-
ment, brick foundation, stationary tubs; large
lot: fruit trees, windmill and tank; well-
kept grounds; good location; price $1650;
terms; $250 cash. ?15 monthly.
Take Berkeley train and get off at Lorin
station; office, west side of railroad track.
Oi><.n Sundays. >
RUDOLPH, PERKINS & LYON.
$2500— 8-room house with -all modern Im-
provements; lot 75x120; must sell on account
of departure. W. C. MORAN & CO.
$800— $100 cash, balance $12 per month. 6 rooms,
good well and pump; lot 40x130. IV. C. MO-
RAN & CO.
%V>0 TO $350— Acre lots; finest soil In the State.
W. C. MORAN & CO.
$500— Wheeler tract lots; finest view In Berk-
elev. Call or eend for maps. W. C. MO-
RAN & CO. __^
$2000 — New 6-room cottage, 1 block to station
and electric cars; fine mantels, tinted walls,
fine gas fixtures, stationary tubs, light base-
ment, tiled sink, porcelain bath -..water and
eewer all connected: and ready to move into:
$100 down, balance $20 per month; place will
rent for $22 50 per month. W. C. MORAN &
CO.. Lorin Station and Schmidt Block,
Berkeley.
ALMOST new 6-room 2-story house: hall; bath:
pantry; high basement; nice mantel; electric
fixtures: street work all done: right at sta-
tion and electric cars: price $1600: $100 cash,
balance like rent. J. R. PERKINS. Lorin
Station, Berkeley.
FINE large 4-roomed bay-window cottage; hall:
bath: large pantry; high basement; sunny
Fide of street: fine welt of water; tank and
windmill; lot EOxlOO; chicken-house and yard;
2 blocks to station: price $1600; terms to suit.
J. R. PERKINS, Lorin Station, Berkeley.
NEW 7-room 2-story Colonial house: lot 40x135;
barn; electric and gas fixtures! 2 blocks to
station. 1 block to electric cars; price $1900;
$100 ensh. balsnce $20 monthly.
J. R. PERKINS (formerly Oellerich &
Perklnn). Lorin Station. Berkeley.
SPECIAL BARGAINS. .
$850— Pretty cottage. 4 rooms.
$1100— S-room cottage; good condition.
$1-00 — 6-roorn cottage: near cars.
$2000— 7-room house: rent* good.
S2SC0— 5-room modern home; fine view.
$32M— Up-to-date home: near U. C.
S37">0— Just completed; 7 rooms, etc.
$4000— Comfortable home near V. C.
$4500 — 9-room modern home.
$1000— 8-room modern home In Scenic Park.
$",M0— 7-room modern home; up to date.
$C500— See this place and you will buy It. .
MAY & MORTIMER.
Berkeley Station.
FROffYALE APYERT^MENTS
FRCITVALE REAL ESTATE.
CHEAP— Modern 5- room cottage: large lot;
connected with sewer; east front; near sta-
tion and school; $20 month; Interest 7 per cent.
P. H. BLAKE. E. 14th St.. Frultvale P. O.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
* OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD REAL. ESTATE.
$150 CASH, $6 monthly— Cottage of 3 rooms,
hard finished; 2 fine lots, all fenced; a fine
home for a email family or bachelor, where
peace and quiet reign; near a fine Bchon!,
edectrlc cars, cnurch and townhall; 100 fam-
ilies located within 3 years; soil, climate and
view the very best; cood neighbors and pleas-
ant surroundings; adjoining East Oakland;
price In all $425, to make speedy eale; see this
at once. Call or eend for circular. 455 Sev-
enth ft., opposite Broadway station, Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
FIXE home at a bargain— On account of the
owner leaving for the East, June 1, we are
ordered to sell a fine 2-story houee of 9 rooms,
with large lot: heater In the house; only 2
blocks from Market nnd Fourteenth sts. ; for
$4250; this place has b»en held at $6000; if you
want a cood home see this: easy terms can
be arranged. JAS. 8. NAISM1TH. 452 Ninth.
RIGHT ON BROADWAY. ' .,
¦ $1500 and S2CC0; two cozy cottages. 4 and 5
rooms, double frontage; owner going away,
GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
10C8 Broadway. Oakland.
5-ROOM cottage, 3-room cabin, large lot; near
school: well, trees, flowere; SSSO. 510 45th st.,
bet. Grove nnd f-r.n Pablo cars. - . "
OAKLAXD FLR.MTtfRE FOR SALE.
AN tn'roduction to you from H, ScheUhaas^ thi
furnltcre dealer. II th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS l'On HOUSEKEEPIXO~
CEDAJi ave., 24A. near Larkln, bet. Post~arTd
Geary— 3 sunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
nished; bath; running water.
EDDY. 033— Floor of 4 furnished rooms or 2;
private residence; no children.
EIGHTH. 34B, near Market— Nice sunny front
alcove room and kitchen furnished for house-
keeping; bath; private family. • ..
ELLIS. 412A— 3 sunny suit™; furn. complete for
housekpg. ; gas range; running: water; $18 up.
FIFTH. 353— Furnished parlors, kitchen, bath"
$20; aleo 2 housekeeping, $10; single, $4 to $7.
| HOO3IS FOR HOUSEKEEPING— Con;
FOLSOM. 52.v-Larse furnished sunny room;
light housekeeping; jl 50 weekly. - s
FOLSOM. S34— Large sunny bay-window room
and kitchen: bath; modern conveniences;' prl-
¦ . va'te ; $3 week. _ '- ' ' ' .
GEARY, 513%— 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms;
bath; cas range. ¦ . ' ; '.
HAYKS. S31— Nicely furnished rooms for house-"
keeping for man and wife; private fam'ly.
LANGTON, 256>t— Thrca sunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping; private family.
L..AKXIN. S04 — Larjri? eunny front furnished,
J10: also larfi-e back, $8; housekeeping prlv-
llege If desired. » ' • '
LATtKIN, 819V4— Ltght housekeeping rooms; no
*lf,n: private; phone. ' ¦ :
MoALI^ISTER. 38—3 ¦ furnished I rooms for
housekeeping and first floor as offices.
McALLIRTER, 538— Nicely furnished sunny
rooms complete for housekeeping; every con-
venience.-
OAK. 119— Large sunny basement room, newly
furnished for housekeeping; yard; $6. .- ¦
OCTAVIA. 1316. near Geary— Three furnished
housekeeping rooms; clean and sunny; - no
children. < .. ' • .'. ' ' '
POLK. 10G2 — 3 and 5 room suites, completely
furnished for housekeeping ; $15 up; reference.
POST. C17V4, near Taylor— Two pleasant sunny
I unfurnished rooms for housekeeping; rent ?10.
POST, S31 — Sunny 'rooms, suitable for housc-
, keeping; private family. :V ."
SECOND. E23, In rear— 2 rooms complete for
housekeeping; bath t • . ,
SILVER, J65, near Fourth— 2 furnished rooms
for housekeeping,' cheap. : ;> .
SIXTH. 641— Sunny front and back parlor, for
housekeeping; J10. ' .
TWENTY-THIRD. 3726. near Dolores— 4 sunny
bay- window rooms; nice, neat, complete.
VAN NESS. 402— Entire upper floor; 3 : rooms
and bath; sunny; well furnished: gas range.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch offlee. 2200 Flllmore st.
ROOMS TO LET — Kuril, mill (Infurn.
AHLBORN HOTEL. 321 Grant ave.— Best $1 a
day family hotel In city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals 25c; free coach. ¦
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSEv 14S Sixth— Rooms.
¦ foe to $1 per night; tl 25 to $3 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all night. .
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 13G4)— Fur-
nithed rrai.. suites, single; als6 unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, cor. Mason— Elegantly,
¦ furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonabjgr^
EDDY, 1C6— Nicely -furnished 'sunny suite; Also
single room.
ELREH Room-rentins Bureau. 22 Kearny st. —
Tel. Red 2334; rooms furnished or unfurnished.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant, large unfurnished room
to let. ¦ '
GOLDEN GATE ave/, 730— Nice light single
hallroom for gentleman, fS; bath; private;
German.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission ets.— Sunny rooms, en suite- or
single; ladies' parlor: reading-room; elevator.
GALT House, 1206 Market — Fur. rooms. Mr. &
Mrs.J.F. Sweeney, late of the Esmond House.
HOTEL ST. DENIS, 24 Turk, near Market-
Steam heated, fireproof, new building: new
and elegant furniture; single . rooms and
suites with or without private bath; hot and
cold water, electric light and return- call-
bell In every room; elevator and full hotel
eervice:' rates 75c per day and upward: ref.
HOTEL FRANCISCO— Elegant suites: single;
transient; baths. Mrs. King, Turk and Taylor.
4 LARGE unfurnished rooms. Apply 21 Pearl
St., bet. Valencia and Guerrero.
MARKET. 1015 (Xew Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlEhed rooms $2 a week up; 33c a' day up.
MARKET. 1055, above ehoe store— Sunny double
and single rooms; month, week, day.
MARTINET. 1M1 Geary— Elegant suites, newly
furnished; private; bath; single rooms HO up.
MINNA, C67. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
METROPOLE C Turk, cor. Market— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; 50c to 13 per day.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
offices; elevator; elec. lights; day. week. mo.
ROSEDALE Hous». 319-321 Ellis at.— Rooms,
night, 25c to tl; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
ROYAL House. 128 Ellis— Incandescent light:
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles' par-
lor; rooms, per nlcht, S5c to %l SO; week. 12 to
$S; month. $8 to $30; elevator on ground floor;
rooms With hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Elgh'th St..
near. Market— Furnished or unfurnished.
SIXTH, 123V6— Nicely furnished" sunny rooms;
I gas and quiet house.
TAYLOR, 106— Light airy rooms, 55 per month;
COc a night up.
THE Crocker. 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and »n suite; beautiful grounds.
TURK. 26S (The Lake)— New house; newly fur-
nished; board optional. Phone South 422.
VAN NESS ave., 1429, southwest corner Pine-
Newly furnished front bay-window rooms:
also unfurnished parlor; gas, bath, running
\ water and phone.
$1 WEEK, also one $1 10— Large sunny furn.
rooms; closets; bath; private. S3! Folsom st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 22»J0 Fillmore.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AN exceptional table: pleasant rooms; good
service; popular rates. 807 California st.
ALMORA Hotel, Twentieth and Mission— Ele-
gantly furnished suites or single, with board.
PINE and Mason (Hotel Oliver)— Elegant sunny
rultes or single rooms; private baths; excel-
lent table and service.
VALENCIA-ST. Hotel. 718 Valencia St.. Mission
"warm belt— Good board; fine rooms; reason-
able rates; car* pass the door. '
HOTEL Repeller. 781 Butter— Newly furn.;
excellent table: gpeclal rates to tourists.
HOTEL Lsa Palmas, 1S20 :'.arket— Suites. 2 or
3 rooms, bath, connecting; board optional.
PINE. 1006 (The Victor)— New management:
thoroughly renov.: sunny suites, with board.
ROOMS AND DOAKO WANTED.
GENTLEMAN would like a good home In the
Mission for 2 boys: please state particulars.
Box 32C3, Call office. i f
WANTED— By an American Hebrew, a nice
cozy furnished room with board. Box 3273.
Call offlee. '
ROOMS WANTED.
WHO has 2 or 3 nicely furnished rooms for
housekeeping? Man and wife; private fam-
ily; references: location central; rent reason-
able. Box 2272. Call office.
K PROPOSALS. * T-A
BIDS WANTED— Notice Is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at its office, room 13, 320 Sansome st.
San Francisco, Cal., up to 10:30 o'clock a m
SATURDAY, June 8. 1901, and opened Im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
erans' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountville), 'for six months commencing
July 1, 1901. and ending December 31, 1901
Schedules with information and instructions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon ap-
plication by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the sched-
ules, and no bid will be considered unless It is
. In accordance with *uch schedules. Each bid-
der must accompany his bid with a certified
check upon some well-known and responsible
banking house for at least 10 per cent of the
amount of his bid, payable to C. Mason
Kinne, treasurer, conditioned that the bidder
will enter Into a good and valid contract upon
notice of acceptance as required by law. The
board . reserves the right to reject any or all
bids and to order any quantity over or under ¦¦
the amount specified.
Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st., San Fran-
cisco, Cal. By order of the Board of Dlrec-
tora. J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary. '
PROPOSALS will be received at the Bureau of
Supplies and Accounts, Navy Department
Washington, D. C. until 12 o'clock noon'
June 18, 1901, and publicly opened lmme^ i
dlately thereafter, to furnish at the Navy
Yard. Mare Island, Cal., a quantity of ce-
ment, fire clay, bag duck, curled hair, dowlas \
linen, sister hooks, evaporate'd apples roast
beef, tomatoes, tinned vegetables, sugar and
tsalt water soap. Blank proposals will be fur-
nished upon application to the Bureau or to
the Navy Pay Office, San Francisco. Cal. A
S. KENNY. Paymaster General, U S N
5-18-01. --•.. .... ' ' '
PROPOSALS for Coal— Office of General 8u-
perlntendent Army Trnnsport Service. Ban
Francisco. Cal., April 30, 1901. Sealed pro- I
posals In triplicate for furnishing and dellv-
erlng on board army transports at Ban Fran-
• Cisco. California, forty thousand tons aver-
age Kteam Coal, or such portion thereof as !
may. be required, will be received at this of- |
flee until 12 m.. May St. 1901,'' and then opened a
Information furnished on application. En- I
velopes containing proposals should be- in- I
dorsed "Protjosals for Coal." and addressed to I
.- OSCAR F. LONG. General Superintendent. ¦
_T YPE WRITERS AND SUPPLIES/ I
GRKAT BARGAINS IN TYPE^VRITEI?S--w7 I
.Fell better machines for less money than any |
house In the city; rentals, $3. The Typewriter I
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266, ¦
SEWIXG SlACHIxks ASD : SUPPLIES.
KKCOXD-HAND machines.', all [ makes at : al-
*moft any; price you want to pay; all kinds
rented. S2 iro. . 145 Sixth at.: phono Mint HI.
ALL"kinds bought.' sold. and repairing- guaran-
teed. Charles l'lambeck. I9ir. Mission,, nr.. loth.'
ALT./ kinds bought, sold, rented, "exchanged, re-
. paired; open even. : phone Black 1124. ' 205 4th.
¦'. SPECIAL V; NOTICES. » Jj | t
LADIES— Chlchester English Pennyroyal Pills
are the .best: safe., reliable: , take no other;
• Fend 4o 'stamps) for particulars, "Relief for
Ladies" In' letter by return mall: at drug-.
KlgtsJ Chlchefter^ Chemical Co.. Phlladel.. Pa.
BAD tenants ejected- for $4; collections' made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
, .CO.. 415 'Montgomery st..' room* 9-19; tel.' B580.
WE paper parlors or rooms from $3 up; palnt-
j "flnne. 319 Third st.; Hartman Paint Co.
STOiur.r, a xn \v areho use is.
PIEltCE-TlODOLPH Storage and- Moving Co.;'
• office Post .and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713. '
BEKINS -Von and Fitorase Co.. 722 Mission st. ;
; lei. Main 1S40;. shipping at cat rates. '?
PACIFIC Storage - and Furniture Moving- rora-
1 pany. 2320 Fillmore gt. : phone Jackson' 281.
GOLDEN ' WEST Storage Wa rehouse. 840 Mls-
Klon tt.: tel. Mint, 1S21. F. W. ZEHFUSS. ,'j :
, MABBIAGE LICENSES.' !
The following marriage licences were Issued
yestqrday : ' ¦ " ¦. • ¦ ,' ¦ ¦ ' ! < ¦ . .: ' '. j t,
"William- P. iMcDade, :-2i, 246 Fourth street,
and Minnie K. Murphy, '21, 246 Fourth street. '
Joseph P. Rean, 43, 303 Larkln • street, and
Myrn A. Parks, 39, .1311 GouKh street. . ; '<
i James IT. Bishop,. 27, 2309 Washington' street,
.nnd Isabella Van Vlack,' 24, 3020 Pacific avenue.
Ulysses .IT. Tomaslnl, 21, 4S3 Oeary street,
anil Henrietta Anderson, 20, 1530 California »t.
William K. ; Minnow, 30, 579 Montgomery
street, nnd Pauline J. M. A. S. Lassere,- 27,
51!) ¦ Montgomery street. !
Domenlco C! In noli, 32, Gualala, and Lingla
To;nana, 24, Gualala.
Robert W. H.vrnes, 31..142V4 Clara>j5treet, and
Delia Smith, 31, 142% CTara streetJ
Jakob A. Hohl, 30, 230 Linden avenue, ana
Marie .L. Tenneler. 30. 1S43 O'Farrell' street.
E1RTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
• ¦ • ¦ . /¦¦.-'.¦¦.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN..
HARRINGTON— In this city. May 26, . 1901, to
the wife of Andrew J^ Harrfrgton, a son.
MARBJED. T ~
SWANSON- IlEUTER— May 26, . 1S01, by the
Rev. M. J. Giles of St. Rose's Church, Peter
Swanson of Belvedere and Augusta J.' Reuter
of San Francisco.
WALTERS-JOOST-In this city, May 25, 1901,
by the Rev. "W. Brandes of Alameda.. John
Franklin Walters and Maria E. Joost. ¦¦'.'
DIED.
Badger, Catherine I Jones, Francis P.
Baker, Elias F. ' Lutticken, Mamie E.
Bell, Jennie Morrlll. Melvin E. i
Berka, F. Homer O'Leary, Lillian B.
Bernard,- Julie Silverfoote, Manuel
. Bradlee, Margaret ¦ Stewart, Janice F.
Brooks, "William P. bvetinich. Guro I
Christoffersen, Olaf Trommlltz, Paul
Cline, Annie 1 Wnrd, Patrick J.
Dean. Peter Wenzel, Edward
Dwight. Charles L. Williams, John '
Egan, Mrs. Edward Wood, John B.
' ' Gallagher. Henry—
BADGER-In thH city, * May 27, 1901, Cather-
ine, beloved wife of James Badjrer, a~ na-
tive of County Galway, Ireland, aged, 60
years
E7"Notlce of funeral hereafter.;
BAKER— In Oakland, May 27, 1901, Ellas F.,
• son of Mr. and Mrs. E. Baker, brother of
. May Bell Baker, and only grandson of Mrs.
P. Martin, a native of Oakland, aged 13
, years 3 months and 7 day».
C7 Friends and acciualntapces are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral* services
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at his
late residence, 17WH4 Grove street. Inter-
ment Mountain View Cemetery. .
BELL— In" this city, May 27, 1901, Jennie, be-
loved wife of CHffors i C. Bell, a native of
Philadelphia, aeed ?1 years. . ." • '
BERKA— In Berkeley. May 27, 1901, F. Homer,
son of John and Theresa Berka, and. brother
of Birtha, Viola ar.d Elmer Berka, a 'native
of Cclifornia, tiRed 23 years and 5 days.
(C7"Frlends and accualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1810 Prince street, Lorln. Crema-
tion Odd Fellows' Cemetery. ' .
BERNARD-In this city. May 26, 1901. Julie,
relict of the late Brunswick Bernard, a na-
tive of Haeenau. -.Alsace, .aged -S6 years 5
months and 16 days. . / . \i
(TTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
nt 10 o'clock, at the residence of her nephew.
Dr. Jules Simon, 21U Pine street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery. Please omit flow-
ers.
BRADLEE— In Oakland, May 26, 1901, Mar-
paret Bradlee, beloved wife of the late Frank
I Bradlee, and mother of Maggie, Freddie,
' Rosie and Francis Bradlee, a native of San
Francisco, aged 43 years 1 month and 21
days. ¦ ¦¦¦.••. -
BROOKS— In this city. May 25, 1901, William
Parker, beloved husband of Rosina Brooks,
and father of Mrs. W. F. Cordray, Freder-
ick ' BrooUs and Mrs. Felecia Cornwell and ¦
Mrs. F. Craumcr, a native of Maine.
(ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully'invlted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of. Mount Moriah Lodge
No. 44, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
CALLAGHAN— In this city, May 27, 1901, Ellen
Callaghan, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
aired 70 years.-
CHRISTOFFERSEN— In this city. May 26,
1301, Olaf E. ChrlstofTersen, a native of Nor-
way, ased 4G years. '» -
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at'2 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.-
CLINE— In this city, May 27, 1S01, Annie Cline,
beloved wife of Oustave Cllne, mother of
Sallle and Babette Cllne, and sister of Abe
fipltzer, Mrs. Carrie Friedman of Blrmlng-,
ham, Ala , Mrs. Fannie Simpson of Demo-
polls, Ala.,. Mrs. Tlllle Joseph of Montgom-
ery, Ala., and Mrs. Bailie Friedman of San
Antonio, Texas, a native of Dayton, Ohio,
aKed 44 years 8 months and 7 days. (Port-,
land. Or., papers please copy.)
IcyFrlends and acquaintances are respect*
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her- late
residence, 773 Eddy street. Interment Hills
of, Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
from Third and Townsend streets. • '
DEAN— In Altruria, Cal., May 25, 1801. Peter
i Dean of San Francisco, father of Sara, Rob-
ert A., C. Dudley, and Benjamin S. Dean, a
native of England, aged 72 years and 5
' months. ' . " .
CTFriends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Tuesday),
nt 2 o'clock, at the Masonic Temple, corner
! Post and Montgomery streets, under the aus-'
pices of California Commandery No. 1,,-K. T.
Interment Masonic Cemetery. . .
DWIGHT— In this city, May 26. 1901, Charles
Lloyd Dwight, youngest and beloved son of
Klla B. nnd the late George G. Dwight, and
brother of George and Thomas Dwlght. Mrs.
F. A. Mecredy and Mrs. T. W, Terry, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 19 years 7
months and 15 days.
ETFriends and accualntances . are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 443 Valencia street. Cremation I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
EGAN— In Baltimore, Md., May 27, ' 1901, Mrs.
Edward N. ¦ Egran. daughter of William L.
Cole, and granddaughter of Dan T. Cole. -
GALLAGHER— In , this city. May 26, 1901,
Henry, beloved husband of Catherine Galla-
gher, and father of- Henry, Maurice and Eva
Gallagher, a native, of New York City, aged
63 years 7 months and, 4 days. (New (York
and Philadelphia papers please. copy.) •
GTFriends and acquaintances are respect-'
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday). 'tit 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
. dence. 1239 Clay street, thence to St.' Mary's
' Church (Paulist), corner ' of Grant avenue
and California street, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 10 o'clock, i In-
terment Holy Cress Cemetery.''.- , ¦:-
TONES— In this city, May 27. 1901. Francis
Paul Jones, beloved, eon of. Margaret and the
. late Martin Jones, a native, of Groveland,
Tuolumne County, Cal., aged .18 years 1
month- and 22 days. .... . r
UITTICKEN— In this .city, May . 27, 1901.
Mamie E., dearly beloved, wife of Louis J.
Lutticken, dearly beloved daughter of 'Mrs.
S. and the late P. F. Tully, and beloved sis-
ter pf • Mareraret, Charlotte, James- 'and
Charles Tully and Mrs. E. F. Ring, a native
of San Francisco. -. .., . • .
. icy Friends and acquaintances are reBpect-
HENRYJ. GALLAGHER CO.
(Successor 'tn Flannasan & Gallagher.)" -'
-- DANIEL P. DONOVAN, Mgr. . '
?UNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMBRS'
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. -
Telephone South 80." .,:.-. .- ¦.' ' ,
jambs McGinn, : I
Formerly with 'McGinn Bros., hasoucned
new Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St., bet.
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South 576..'. ,
U NiTED V NDERTAKERS, j I
27 and 29 Fifth ot, Tel/ South 1 167. "• I
rUNSKAL DIRECT03J AN J EMBALM 2 a 1. I
• Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. "- |
' . . ';BAZLWAY TRAVEL. • .
The^Continent
. I have crossed the continent six times over differ-
ent roads, but never had a more pleasant or en-
i joyable trip* than this last over your road. Every- s
thing you agreed to perform was fulfilled to the
1/ letter. * v Amos Marvin. |
f-T-nTmrrai VB al e Burlington OvcrUnd Excursions leave San Francisco every
iTJm^yyy^Q Tuesday evening and every Thursday morning — Omaha, Chicago,
|yi)nlj!u|lly! Kansa» City, St. Loui*— EVERYWHERE East. j
£i*!lUHni§i! Ticket Office, 631 Market Street,
lffffftffffiffl*aflil W. D. Sanborn, General Agen^, San FrancUco. iAbout ten minutes, before 2 o'clock this after
noon I waa sitting lu my oftlce, room 16, 320
Kanttome street. The door opened and Patrick
Clancy walked In. There is a counter right op
posite the door. I goc up and walked out of
the inner to tho main oMce and went to the
counter. ¦ »
I said: "Hello, Pat, did the Judge decide
your motion?" He said: "Yes, he decided
against me and I have to pay rent, too. I
/ nald: "Yes, ever since Jud«e Coffey's decision
you'll have to pay rent," He wild: Oh, no, I
wouldn't, and now I am In a of a hole, and
this Is what I cum© down to do."
Without a word more he pulled out his re
volver and started to shioot. As noon ax he took
It out I isaw It and I put up both of my hands
and said: "For God's *ake, Pat, don't do that,
and I started to run. Just aa I started to run
toward my Inner ofllce no shot me once., That
bullet struck me In the arm (right), pausing Into
my body. As I ran In fired the second shot,
which struck me in the back of tho left leg. He
then turned quickly and went out of the oftlce.
I did not fall, but rudlu.'d back to my desk In
point where it entered. The other bullet
struck In the back, passing through the
intestines and lodging in the fleshy part
of tho left thigh. - '
Wilson's ante-mortem statement in full
Is as follows:
.. United States Court Commissioner Hea
cock yesterday ordered that Tsoy Sin, a
Chinese woman, be deported to China.
Tsoy j was found stowed away on the
Prlae of the River, a Stockton boat. She
had no registration paper and was ar
rested for being unlawfully in the- coun
try." Tl Yuk Lin, a Chinese laborer,
claiming to* be a native of California, ap
peared in court and swore that he mar
ried Sin six months ago. Her counsel
raised the point that being the wife of
an American citizen, the woman could
not- be deported. An appeal will be ta
ken to United States District Judge de
Haven. This is the first time that the
question has ever been raised.
Tsoy Sin to Be Deported.
The only route having through sleeping
car service between San Francisco and St.
Louis daily. Stop-overs allowed at Salt
Lake City. For full information ask L.
M. Fletcher/ 212 California street. •
"The Missouri Pacific Limited"
Judge BeaweU Punishes Them for
Ptenttnf Trees on City JTali
Av§nu9.
Pof thejp violation ef an oFrtsr mad« by
Jurtg* geftwell Mvar&l W«<Mt* »««, Colonel
O«o,ga ff, M*Me}| ftn4 A, p ( M»ntf« «t
tto Dosrd of Fublle Worts wm fin«4 l#
eaeh tfir eentempt et court y#<*{«r<i»y,
•Judff© B«ftw§U, at th» instant ©f e#ri«n
(Wtfja hoaFtf from ijiftflijw treys ft^Pf
ofder ina t/e§s wars PiMtwJ .*"'! J^staf*
peaked m ttjwwef to thf sumftiofis tt> ffto*
<?atis# why they afiwild flfll ee ptifltytflff
for frtntewBt. Jfaf«»rieH Mansefl, the third
ttinmbef t>f tn* board, waa febsetil,
Judge Beawell was advised that CdloTi'-l
Mendelt and Aif; MajfttHre had ordered tn«
trees planted Upon the advlc* of doun-»
sel, 'rhe court, however, held that th«
fact that they had followed legal advlca
did dot purge them from contempt and
pronounced Judgment aa stated.
It is not probable, however, that the
trees will be removed. Tho action In which
the injunction prohibiting the planting 1 of
the trees was issued will now go to trial.
In the meantime the Board of Supervisors
will, in all probability, pass another or
dinance providing for their . protection,
and thereby prolong the litigation if not
eventually sustain the right of the people
to improve and beautify such streets as
they may see fit.
FUTES MEOEBS OP BOABD
OF WORKS FOR CONTEMPT
, Will F. Edgar, the printer who disap
peared from his home at 1193 Oak street
last Friday, was found yesterday morn
ing at the Casino, Twenty-fourth avenua
and Fulton street, and later was re
moved to his home.
On Friday Edgar was seen at- the Ca
sino by Proprietor Herman Loonhardt.
who noted that he was very in. Leon
hardt advised Edgar to go home, and did
not »ee him again until yesterday morn-
Ing. Since Friday Edgar had been sleep-
Ing in the open air and when he camo to
the Casino yeHterday morning he waa In
a pitiful condition.
Leonhardt recognized Edgar by the por
trait of the missing man published in The>
Call and attended to his wants, after
notifying. the police. •>
When Edgar was asked where he had
been since Friday he replied. "I have
been sleeping In a house without any roof
The patrol wagon of the Stanyan-street
police station went out to the Casino and
conveyed Edgar' home to hla wife. Mrs.
Edgar was deeply grateful for th<» kind
ness of Leonharrit to her husband, who
had wandered aimlessly- about slneo ha
left his home, being mentally unbalanced
through sickness. _^_ •
Casino Proprietor Recognizes
Him and He Is Taken
to His Home.
Missing Man Located by
Picture Printed in%r;
The Call.
PRINTER EDGAR
FOUND IN PARK
Why endure torture from fleas .when you *ean
& et ,. r . ld S,! 11 ??" 1 by uslu «C B«arby's ."Fleaa-Muat-
Gol" ¦: 40O ' Sutter »treet. •. . - .
valentine". Curran, : railroad brakcman,
Sacramento, filed ; a petition - in ; the Unit
ed , States District ¦ Court, yesterday stat
ing his liabilities at • $555 76 ¦ and a his 1 as
sets at $125. V A ; similar petition was filed
by George ¦ Klnney and Herbert ' H. • Hunt
ley, general, merchandise , at- ;VIntori*
Plumas County, stating- their' liabilities
at J3567S5 and assets > at -$1360. -.- :.
Petitions in • Insolvency.
United. States -District Judge de Haven
yesterday disallowed the claims of Snow
and O'Connor; arising out ¦ of . the ' loss . of
a cargo, of. merchandise on a barge tow
ed by the .Arctic Bird on the Kobuk
River Alas^He referred the C latm of-
Rankin to Referee Morse ; to take testi
mony. *'.;- -.-*_.
Claims Are Disallowed.
And have your, pick of $3 50 ladies* as well
as men's shoes for, $1.00 a pair.- This spe
cial sale is intended for a. few days only
at the Factory Sale of/ Shoes, 717 Market
street, near Third ¦. . •*, ,': • -•
Come Bight Along
The Santa. Fe Js • now carrying passen
gers to the Yosemite via stage from Mer
ced. ¦ Starting • on ; California Limited to
day, you are at the Sentinel Hotel to-mor
row afternoon, passing Merced Big Trees
en route. -. ¦ ¦ . •
Ask about it at 611 Market street • ¦
Yosemite Valley/via Santa re.
When the accusation had been written
his strength had not deserted him, and he
did not stop Jn his effort to expose the
guilty party. He dragged himself to an
Wilson -staggered about for a moment
or two and noted the escape of the as-
Eassin. He realized that the act had been
witnessed by no one and the pain was al
ready weakening him. In his turn he ex
perienced a passion for revenge, and not
knowing how soon his lips might be si
lenced he determined that Clancy should
not be gpared the" lash of Justice. With
an effort he made his way to a desk and
with -^a quivering -hand penned tliese
words: . ; .
Patrick Clancy ehot tae.
J. JC. E. WILSON.
Clancy believed that" the attorney had
not served him faithfully and sought him
with a view of securing satisfaction.
They met fape to. face and were: alone. A
few words were spoken and the dis
gruntled client quickly executed his plan
cf revenge. While his victim was beg
g!r.g for mercy he fired two shats, both of
which took effect, then replaced the
smoking revolver in his pocket and went
his way, satisfied that old scores had been
evened up. ..
Sanscme street. After his victim had
felt the sting of two bullets and fallen to
the floor his . slayer coolly walked
away from the scene of the "crime and
surrendered himself to Police Officer J. L.
Nelson on Kearny street. Wilson was
taken to .the Receiving Hospital .and ex
pire-.l on an operating table several hours
later.
At the Receiving hospital the Burgeons
found that -one bullet had passed through
the forearm, then through the biceps of
the" same limb and'into the body. It was
extracted about ten inches below the
Attorney's Dying Statement.
The attorney, after his return, had the
judgment set aside, and according to his
statement demanded costs from his client.
These the latter refused to pay and .the
judgment stood. Clancy claims that he
then paid the attorney a retainer to ap
peal the case, but that Wilson neglected
to do so and started to go to Alaska in
the interest of the South Alaska Packers'
Association. He reached Seattle but came
back to San Francisco. Clancy, having
lost his property, brooded over the matter
and craved satisfaction. He attributed
his loss to the peculiar methods of his
attorney and the outcome of his wrath
was the tragedy of yesterday. The ques
tion of the mortgage is held by the shooter
as a. shady feature of the suit and Clancy
insists that his attorney assisted in a
scheme against him.
Clancy Broods Over Loss of Suit.
adjoining office and made a declaration
of what had happened. - . .
Some months ago Mrs. " Clancy died,
leaving an estate consisting of property
and cash, but no will. A question was
raised by the three sisters of the deceased
regarding the distribution of the prop
erty and Attorney "Wilson was engaged to
protect the husband's interests. The sis
ters- brought suit against Clancy on a
mortgage and secured/Judgment. At the
time the case was heard Wilson was in
Seattle and Clancy did not appear.
In connection with the 1 failure of the
Pacific' Bank he. was sued by the ' State
and judgment obtained for '$4000, which as
Insurance Commissioner he had deposited
in the bank instead: of transmitting at
once to Sacramento, as the law required.
This judgment served as a bar to an in
dictment for embezzlement when his case
was later presented to the Grand Jury. .
In 1893 he was engaged by Dr. West " to
defend him on the charge of murder in
Sued by the State.
On the expiration of his tenure of the
office of Insurance Commissioner he re
sumed the practice of law, but, the best
part of his former clientele "no longer,
sought his services," and soon his practice
was mostly confined to Police Court cases,
and in consequence of a number of ques
tionable transactions he lost all standing
with the reputable members of the pro
fession. •-
Wilson was. married in 1877 to a most
estimable woman, by whom he had two
children, both of whom, with their moth
er, are now residing in this city. -
It was while serving his term as Sen
ator that he took the step from which
most people date his downfall. He pro
cured a divorce from the wife of his
young manhood ' and . the mother of his
children and married a woman whom he
had met in Sacramento. • This cost him
many of his best friends and largely com
promised his social standing. He retained
his hold, however, on the political ropes,
and in 1889 was appointed Insurance Com
missioner, by Governor Waterman,, which
position he held for one term. Part of his
strength lay in his affiliations with a num
ber of secret societies, of which, he was
an active member. In. 1890 he was- made
deputy grand master of the Odd Fellows
of California.
J. N. : E. Wilson was about 45 years of
age, having been born in this city, where
his aged parents still reside, in 1856. After
a course In the public schools he entered
the University of California, from which
he graduated with honors in 1876. He then
studied law for two years in- the office of
Judge Mastick, and In 1878 was admitted
to practice- by the Supreme Court of the
State. He was not long in demonstrating
his aptitude for -the legal profession, and
though quite a young man his name was
soon Identified with some of the most im
portant cases, both civil and criminal,,
that have come before the courts of this
city. His success at the bar continued for
some years, until he became involved in
politics. In 1884 he was elected District
Attorney, and on the expiration of j his
term was sent to the ] State Senate for
the session of 1887-89. . . .
father. She was^withhim when he died.
The tragedy of yesterday was regarded
by many as inevitable. Clancy, the shoot
er, 'was employed as a special policeman,
at the Haggin home on Mason street, and
has a brother, who conducts a. Kearny
street saloon and is Identified with many
local societies. . ' >¦ ¦ , ;
WilsoiL's . Downward . Career. i
Devoted Daughter at His Side.
At the request of Assistant District At
torney T. I. Fitzpatrick and , after the
reading of his statement Wilson made his
mark in the presence of Detective Tom
Ryan, T. I. Fitzpatrick and Police Officer
John J. -Moriarity. Wilson was so weak
that Fitzpatrick had to hold his hand.
Signs of internal trouble made them
selves manifest- and an operation was de
cided upon. Drs. Malaby, Rixford and
Sartori were in attendance. Shortly after
10 o'clock -the patient was taken from the
table, and in a few. minutes later the doc
tors announced that Wilson had passed
away.
At the hospital Wilson's daughter at
tended him. .She came in response to a
telephone message and almost fainted
when she beheld the . condition of her
the big- office and wrote on a piece of paper,
thinking that I waa going to die right away,
these words: "Patrick Clancy shot me," and
signed my. name. I then rushed to the door,
out Into the hall. and into a printer's office and
there fell down. I had no weapon on me and
made no attempt to injure him in any way. He
took me completely by surprise. This was a
cold-blooded assassination.
PRINCIPALS IN AND SCENE OF TRAGEDY IN A SANSOME-STREET LAW OFFICE, WHERE A WELL-KNOWN .
ATTORNEY WAS SHOT TWICE AND FATALLY. WOUNDED BY A CLIENT. WHO CLAIMED "HE HAD LOST
' PROPERTY BY HIS' VICTIM'S NEGLECT. . " ¦' • .
Makes Present to the City.
The board of directors of the, Merchants'
Association 'formally > presented its ap
pliance for restraining » ¦ crowds during
street parades and- public celebrations to
Mayor Phelan yesterday in behalf of San
Francisco. The apparatus consists of wire
cable and pine posts to be fitted into sock
ets already prepared In the pavements.
The .. equipment Is ,; complete i for Market
street from the ferries to. Van Ness ave
nue..- ¦:•'••'. • _
To-day the funeral of the murdered
boy will take place. It is -the intention
of the parents to have the "body cremat
ed.- Immediately- after the -body Is -laid
to rest, -Mr. and -Mrs. -Hislop -will move
to another -house in order- to get away
from the scene of the awful tragedy.
Coroner Leland - has set the '¦ inquest ¦ for
"Wednesday . morning at • 10 o'clock: The
following have been selected as Jurors:
F. , A. West, | with Alliance . Insurance
Company; Milton D. Bailey, North Amer
ican Insurance Company; James H. An
derson, Milwaukee Insurance Company
Jesse Hughes, Home - Insurance ' Com
pany; George D. Balrd, Fireman's Fund-
E. J. : Owen, Hamburg Insurance Com
pany; J. H. Henn, Imperial. Insurance
Company: John R. Hill man, "Royal ¦ In
surance Company ; H. •?. H. Varney, Phe
nix Insurance Company.
All day yesterday., a large number of
schoolmates of the murdered boy visited
the. Hislop residence, and -gazed with
tear-stained faces on the body of their
unfortunate comrade, as It lay In a
white casket, which was covered with
many beautiful floral pieces.
Principal 1 Lyser ' of - the John Swett
Grammar School, ' which the boy attend
ed, also visited the house and took a
farewell look at . the lifeless form of his
once favorite- pupil. | : .: < .
>._.'..; f .s Will Be: Buried To-Day.
Captain Seymour is - not at all satis
fied with- the- statements made by the
two men and he ' intends . to give - them
another "sweating" to-day.
"If Lukherath- is guilty of this atro
cious murder," he said .last night, "he Is
the cleverest villain I ever met. His cool
demeanor and his readiness to answer
all questions • in v face of the serious ac
cusation against him are sufiicient to
mystify even a Sherlock Holmes.. How
ever, I intend to hold him until the mys
tery is cleared ud."
Lukherath's statements as to his move
ments on the night of the murder are cor
roborated by his friend Smith. Smith
says that he met Lukherath and, after
having several drink*, they walked along
Market street to ; Oak and thence along
Laguna • to their home. Lukherath. he
says, went to bed first. \ It was between
9 and 10 o'clock when they reached their
room.- They, alept there until 6 o'clock in
the morning, ."when : they were awakened
by Detective Gibson, who - was investi
gating the murder. • .
Corroborated by Smith.
tive country and did not think that I
was doing anything wrong when I con
tinued packing it after I had landed in
San^ Francisco. I did not have the knife
with me on the night of the murder. Last
Wednesday I went to the residence of the
Hislops to get a letter, which I expected
I was under the influence of liquor and
cannot say. whether I saw the boy or
his mother. I don't remember that the
t n<^ i wentiinto Seibfs candy store.
If I had bought him some candy I think
I would remember it.
, U 1 d 2, J 101 re collect ever having seen the
lad.^ The pair of trousers belonging to
me that the police took when I was ar
rested was not_the same that I wore on
the night that Hislop was murdered The
pair I wore on the night of .^e murder
are still hanging in my room. I do not
know anything about the murder. I had
nothing against the Hislops, as they
treated me all right while I was stopping
at their .'house."
FATHER OF THE MURDERED
BOY AND THE MAN SUSPECT
ED OF THE CRIME.
In . tlie : Divorce • Conrt.
Laura Cora Bell was granted. a divorce
from Frank G. Bell .yesterday on. the
ground of willful neglect. ' Suits - for | di
vorce were filed yesterday by Barbara
Munn against Robert F. ' Munn ,,-f 8r) fail
ure to provide; Maria -Richards'/ against
Charles Richards. ' for cruelty; vHattie S.
Johnson against N Richard Johnson: for
desertion, and Emma Knobloch 'against
Frank Knobloch for intemperance.
; Went Home ,With Smith.
"The * three - of ¦ us had a -number of
drinks, and It was about 9:30 o'clock when
Smith and I left the saloon. On our way
home Smith stopped in a drug store on
Ninth street and purchased some medi
cine. We then walked : to ¦ our room/ ar
riving, there about 10 o'clock, r The brass
knuckles which were found on me. when
I was arrested : about ¦ a year ago were
given me by Smith before we left Nor
way. The. knife, which was also discov
ered In my possession was my own prop
erty. I carried" it while I was in my na-
ONtf 6! the most Important ¦devel
opments yesterday In connection
•with the murder of Utitert tttaletf
Jt> was the positive contradiction
of Ltikherath's statement that he
did not know the unfortunate boy, When
taken Into custody on pusplclon of having
committed the uwful crime IiUkherath de
clared to Detective 'Ed Gibson that he
had never met young Hlslop,- notwith
standing that he had lived In the same
house with him. Charles Seibt; who, con
ducts a candy and fruit store' at 1944 Mar
ket street, says that Lukherath lied when
he declared that he was not acquainted
with the murdered boy.
Vlt was only last Wednesday evening,"
said Seibt to Detective Gibson, "that
Lukherath and Hislop vlelted" my place of
business together and Lukherath pur
chased 10 cents' worth of candy.' After
passing the candy to' Hislop he promised
to pay him 25 cents for the delivery to
him of every letter received at the'Haight
street residence addressed to him." \
• "The boy, in anticipation of earning
some money, promised to bring to Lukhe
rath all letters that came to the house
addressed to him.
"They then left the store and walked up
Market street.",
Thinking that Seibt might be mistaken
in the Identification of the suspected mur
derer, Captain Seymour had Lukherath
brought f rom ', the prison and confronted
with the. candy dealer. \.
Identified by- Seibt. ;
"Is this the man whom you saw in your
store with Hislop?" asked the head of the
detective department, pointing to Luithe
rath. .
"I could not be mistaken," positively de
clared Seibt.* "I am willing to swear that
he is the man who was with Hislop when
they i visited my store, and bought some
candy." f • . ' -¦" . ¦
Seibt's statement and the positive dec
laration of Seibt conclusively prove that
the suspected murderer did not tell the
truth- when he positively declared that he
had never metyoung Hislop. ¦ -,¦
Mrs. Houston, who lives, at 4 ¦ Central
court, near the scene of the tragedy, told
the police yesterday that she had seen a
man answering Lukherath's" description
at about 8:30 o'clock on the night of the
murder standing on Haight street almost
opposite the Hislop residence. After be
ing shown Lukherath she. declared that he
answered the description of- the man she
had seen. As he was some distance from
her she could not see his face, but from
the general make up ¦: she is confident
Lukherath is the man she saw.
Last night Lukherath was subjected to
a rigid cross-examination by Captain Sey
mour and District Attorney Byington.
Sergeant - Christiansen acted as - ; inter
preter. After saying that his true name
was Herman Lukherath he made the fol
lowing statement:
"I left my home In Norway about thir
teen months ago and came to this city by
way of New York. Harry Smith, whose
¦name has also-been brought Into the case,
made the trip with me. After arriving in
this city we went to a lodging house on
Third street, but as we were not satisfied,
at my suggestion we moved to the Hislop
residence. We left there on March 9, as
the room we occupied was cold and cheer
less, and went to live at our present abode
at 318 Laguna street. Saturday evening—
the date of the murder — Smith and I met
In front of the sausage place where I am
employed. We. went to a saloon at Ninth
and Howard • streets and : after leaving
Smith I returned to the sausage place and
was paid- my wages, amounting. to $10. I
met another employe of the sausage fac
tory and took- him to the saloon where
Smith was waiting for, me.- ¦ : ¦.
¦. ¦ ¦ . ¦ ¦ ' ¦ • . / i
. That President McKinley wa« the guest
of the. people of this city In every sense
of the term was proven yesterday, when
the finance committee of the citizens' re
ception committee received the bills of the
caterer who furnished the provisions for
the President and | his entourage during
his stay at the Scott residence. ;The pub
licity of this proof, so timely given, will
unquestionably bo a matter of sincere con
gratulation not only to the public at largo,
and to thejreceptlon committee but to Mr.
Scott and to his friends.
The presentation of the caterer's ac
count tor provisions used at the Presi
dent's temporary home and for the hiring
of servants to wait upon the President
und the members of his party eradicates
the unjust Impression that Henry T. Bcott
had monopolized the chief executive as
his exclusive guest or in the slightest way
/lau attempted to bear a burden which
me people of thlu.city h*4 so gladly and
enthusiastically assumed.
The President wan as much the guest
of tint smallest subscriber to the reception
turm aa n« was of Henry T, Scott, The
tact mat IVir, tfcott wau at the President's
side on ail occasions led to statements
iliaL too chief executive was his guest
h. i.riy. Mr, (Scott tendered the use at nia
lniiiMn to tne President, and th«* clttsienB
pf Mis Pity Who >ubjur|bwi \a \Wa recep*
inm tuna r'unutsiuui Die survu-uis ana tlis
Pho»y« VlftlJtia usuU in ths UonU l»om»
w/iHb the chief fjfucuUve resided there,
TIlSTPgopUou conimlHue l)»f» no fle^ra
th»t Henry T, &jpu h)\q\m m unjust)
apoHsed pf haying provided for M»a vhfIM
wants of ths vrement In fhm p»ml two
wa^ks, ana ihe members of U»a pommii»
le§ oh noi wish that th? Imprewlon
Bhoiilrt prevail that m SqqU mm u
m Mnpfnei'§fl is ui§ ggls host, of the h§a<
of tne iifttfent
. Tn§ fttidhing gf t n § efttefgf's blljs by tft#
ftnmm wmiHUueB ef ui§ f eeemion (?om»
roltiesi wmeh is now und#F way, shows
tnat i'FeslrtetU MQKinley was th§ gum ot
every BijiiseFibif ie im feeeptloii /ynrt hri
ilist Mf, Been was ©my one e? nmny
neeii.
TUe^extiHiieu ef th§ P/|§lt1§flt l § stay,
caused by the Ilinesa et iffs, MoKiHiey,
fi&e eaused a eoHsldefable itieres.se evef
the estimates t.riglnnily inade< A t prtalii
sum wasat«}ii-fifrittted fdr the datefer wlitf
Was to funiisli the servants aild provide
food^ at the Sdtitt ieeldence, where the
chief executive residedi The contract of
the caterer was based ori a sojourn of one
week, but the Illness of Mrs* MdKloley
caused the retention of his services for
double that time.
A similar increase in expense was expe
rienced as to the use of carriages for the
Presidential party. When the contracts
were awarded the committee figured on
the use of carriages for the various pa
rades and for the personal use of the
Cabinet members and attaches for but ono
week. The Item for carriage hire was, of
course, largely Increased by the extra
week spent in this city by the Presiden
tial party. Leaving out the expense of
carriages for the parades, the citizens'
committee will be called upon -to pay
twice as much for the use of carriages by
the Presidential party as was originally
estimated.
The viands and flowers prepared for the
Ohio banquet will have to be paid for,
though they were not utilized. The ban
quet was to have taken place on Thurs
day, May 16, and the first intimation that
the President would be . obliged to cancel
his engagements owing to the illness of
Mrs. McKinley was exclusively announced
in The Call on the previous day. ¦'- .'
F. W. Dohrmann, chairman of the fin
ance committee of the reception commit
tee, said yesterday that the bills of ex
pense were being audited, and as soon as
possible a detailed statement would be
made public and a copy furnished to each
subscriber, to the -: entertainment fund.
When this statement is made public the
injustice of the suspicion against Mr.
Scott will be made apparent and the war
for . pre-eminence as entertainers, ¦ social
but bitter, among some of our worthy cit
izens will happily be over. It is estimated
that the total expense will be about dou
ble the $30,000 which it was expected would
cover the cost of entertaining the Presi
dential party for one week. . Mr. Dohr
mann said that a number of subscribers
had promised to make extra donations to
the entertainment fund. •¦
Decorations Cost $9414 05. .
The committee on decorations, of which
Andrea Sbarboro is chairman, has practi
cally finished its report, showing that
$9414 05 was used for street display.
The Whyly-Hendy Company win receive
{1800 for lighting the ferry tower for five
nights. This sum includes the placing of
the incandescent lamps upon the struc
ture.. The finance committee has not yet
decided as to whether it will pay the cost
of illuminating the City Hall or if that
expense shall be borne by the city.
The arc electric lights on : Market and
other streets cost $3125 and the cost of the
evergreens strung across , the roadways
figures up to $950. Much comment has
been caused by the fact that- the decayed
evergreens have been J allowed to remain
in place long after the President has left
the city. .
Chairman Sharboro said yesterday that
the. San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany had contracted to put up all the
wires and lights and had agreed to take
the same down. It was understood by the
lighting company ¦ that the florist should
be permitted to strine evergreens on the
wires, but that the j company should re
move them. . • ¦ ¦ ' • ; - ¦
Must Take Down Evergreens.
Mr. Sharboro yesterday notified the gas
and : electric company that it- must pro
ceed to take down the wires without fur
ther delay, and the manager of the com
pany promised that the work would be
done at once. The contract for evergreens
was awarded to Jacquemet & Co. .
B. Pasquale & Son will receive $704 83
for the -flags ' used on the streets and for
the badges furnished the various commit
tees.' ¦ . ¦ . ¦ • ¦¦ ¦¦ '«.' ,'"\ ¦- .
Felgenbaum & Co. 1 are to t>e paid $335 for
flags used at the . ferry depot reception
and $31 35 for flags used on the exterior of
the building. Badges for the Native Sons'
reception cost $252, while the cost of plac
ing, flags in position on the streets calls
tor the payment of $175. • ...
" The > California Fireworks • Company Is
to be paid $1813 85 for the red fire and
>ther glaring displays made during the
week of May 13. The committee spent $70
for printing "20,000 circulars asking the
public to decorate buildings and for the
iistributlon of the printed J matter. J.
L»aib, who decorated * the Government
:ransport dock, from - which point the
President started >to see the- Ohio
aunched, will be paid ' $60. Fot views
:hrown on a screen at night by a stereop
;iccn firm to amuse the crowds the com
mittee will disburse $97. , ' ¦
A large item of expense will be the milt
ary bands used in the parade when the
rode through the city on Tues
lay, .May 14. I . . , ¦ ¦, ,
h .f_.t-t_-»..t..t..t..t ««..«.......... _
causing the death of Addle Gllmore, and
¦was later .charged by Dr. West with rob
bing him of $3000, which was in his box at
the People's Savings Bank, to which he
gave "Wilson access for the -purpose of
getting the sum of $1000. The ventilation
of this affair, in the papers at the ! time
caused Wilson to leave the State and go
to Mexico.- He returned, however, in the
spring of - 1895, and- again resuming busi
ness acquired jl more and more unsavory
reputation. '..;•; v < L;
.Wilson was said to have assisted in the
escape from his office window of a noted
burglar client against -whom the police
had strong evidence and -. whom he ar
ranged to have visit him under the guard
of a deputy sheriff. , Wilson, however, per
suaded, the deputy, to remain outside the
room, while his • , man ; dropped ! from . the
window to the street and fled.' Two years
ago^he concocted the straw bond scheme
in behalf of a negro client; -also named
Wilson; by which the^latter was enabled
to escape justice. Kelly, the: Police- Court
clerk who accepted the bond, was convict
ed and sentenced to two years in the pen
itentiary for his connection with the case.
Kelly appealed to the Supreme Court and
a few. days ago was granted a new trial."
Bills for Carriages . and the
President's Caterer Are
.. Very Large. '
McKinley 's Extra Week
Causes Increase of
Expense.
AUDITING BILLS
FOR RECEPTION
.THE SAN FKAJNC1J5CO CAJL.L, TUESDAY, MAX 28; 1901.:
Charles Seibt, Storekeeper, Positively Identifies Suspect as
Man Who Came to His Place in Company With the Boy
a Few: Days ...Before the Murder— Jewelry Is Stolen
PROOF THAT LUKHERATH
KNEW THE HISLOP BOY
Patrick W. Clancy, Brooding Over Loss of Suit for Which He
Blamed the Attorney, Enters Latter's Office and While Lawyer
f Tries to \ Escape Uses 44-Caliber Revolver With . Deadly Effect
J. N. E. WILSON SHOT TO DEATH
BY CLIENT SEEKING REVENGE
ATTORNEY J. N. E. WILSON,
formerly District, Attorney of this
city and county.- and also State
Senator and Insurance Commls
! . Eioner, was shot ajid killed by one
of We clients, Patrick \V. Clancy/a spe
cial policeman, yesterday afternoon. The
shooting- warn the result of the unsatisfac
tory' settlement of a • lesal contept, and
occurred In the attorney's office -at 320
14
AD VKRTIS JTTYTrrrc TS.
; ; i.->\ I ' - --" •¦>t- ;: - v ; -?¦
j VONC1HTRATH> SflffiSSlll J
iCOMEANrS EXTRACT!
H o f ' a c c p*. *• • 5|
World Famous Mariani Tonic
REFUSE SUBSTITUTES. Vin
Mariani; is ' on sale at .drugstores
throughout the world. The public is
especially cautioned "against substitutes
and imitations attempted owmsr to the
popularity of Vin Mariani. *
g-~^^^^Kl- fillings,
I "VAN VROOM"
i 1001 MARKET ST., Cor. 6th.
DR.M9NULTYT
riTHISWELL-KNOWIJ- AND RELIABLE OLD
I SpeciallstcurejBIood Poison, Uonorrhces*. Gleet.
S ,tf c i a £r' Sen 11 "* 1^ fatness. Impotence and their
¦llled Dl.vwders. Book on Disease* ot Men. free.
P. T ?^ M) ,r e *J^r x ? e £! en 9 e -' I i* rin ' I " e!UI «nab'e. Hoars,
9to3daiIy;6:3ntoS.30eT'Ks.Snn(laT!,,io to 12. Consul,
tatlonfreeandsacredly confldentlaL Can oraddrea
; P.RO8COE McNCliTX. M.D.
SO Vi Kearny HU, SanFnncisee, Ca»-
M ff^llKifei? e can e^ enc^ t^ ie reputation
¦ :¦ '-V^reggJgBL e ma ke the . most crucial . g
S J^^fl^^^m tests of our footwear in every g
BBilP^' l^ e P u b^ c - There are no goods M
EH 111 - to be foun(J in our NEW $3.50 b
ip fflt DEPARTMENT FOR MEN. AND 1
S5^ BS^ you live out of town write to If