STREETS RESOUND WITH THE RHYTHMIC TRAMP OF THOUSANDS
OF WORKINGMEN IN PARADE TO EXEMPLIFY DIGNITY OF LABOR
There were men who worked all the
night before in bake-shop, or printing
office or press-ioom, and with little sleep
or none hurried to the rendezvous to obey
the mandate of the union. There were
crafts whose members have not known an
idle day in months. Of one great body of
allied trades not. a man of them" had
Workers and Strikers in Line.
In the long line that wound through the
streets, trades of vastly different char
acter were represented. Skilled mechanics,
the finest workmen In their craft that the
world has seen," led the, van, and in the
miles of paraders that followed were men
of other trades equally skilled and still
others of all degrees of manual dexterity
and mental training, down to the men
whose brawn is their chief heritage and
stock In trade. •
pie stand with heads' bared to the dignity
of labor. But it was a parade amplified
much beyond the proportions of the pro
cession ordinarily Been upon this day.
Entirely orderly, and for the most part
dignified, the demonstration was unique
and full of significance.
FOR three hours yesterday the
rhythmic tramp of union men re
sounded In the streets of San
Francisco. Twelve thousand
Eturdy sons of toll marched shoul
der to shoulder In column of eights, form
ing a Bober-hued pageant of tribute to the
dignity of labor. "When the marching was
over some thousands of those who were
not too tired or too impatient gathered in
Mechanics* Pavilion, and listened to other
tributes to honest toil, paid in the elo
quence of earnest speakers and the
melody of musicians. And at night the
men and women of the laboring classes
mingled in a grand ball, where enjoyment
was genuine and the turmoil of industrial
strife was forgotten for the time.
It was the greatest of Labor days In all
the history of the city since the working
man first begaa to celebrate a day of his
own. Never before had bo many men
participated or so many thousands of
people witnessed a Labor day demonstra
tion. ':-'i : '( '~'+'"' -¦
The parade "was the conventional
pageant of organized labor celebrating the
day set apart by the nation that . the
wheels of Industry may stop and the peo-
Thoroughfares Are Lined With Friends of the Union Men,
Both Workers and Strikers,- Who March in Orderly Proces
sion, Bearing Banners and Keeping Step to Martial Airs
PAGEANT IS WITNESSED
BY NUMBERLESS THRONG
Continued on Third Page.
Continued on Page Two.
Continued on Page Eight.*
•v . . . •
The attendance would doubtless have
been larger but for the fact that there
was no Interval between 'the long. march
throuch the dusty streets and the after-
The bearing of* the auditors was by no
means as brave as the words of some of
the speakers. The platform claimed a
sweeping victory for labor in the present
conflict. In the faces of the listeners
could be read the hope that such would
be the crown of their efforts, but 'their
voices echoed the oratorical expression of
conviction in a half-hearted manner and
the general attitude seemed; more of a
longing for. light, than of the proud cer
tainty of success.^ "
Numerically the audience was little over
3000 strong. Quite a portion of the at
tendance was made up of women and
children. ¦ . -
of the strike leaders as expected
to find in N the afternoon gathering either
jsn exhibition of numerical strength or
the inspiration and encouragement of
enthusiasm. ¦ ¦ .-, '
meeting in the Mechanics*
- II Pavilion which followed the
1 ' parade must have been some
•*•* what of a disappointment to such
The meeting was called to order shortly
after 2 o'clock. The bands which had
lightened the toll of marching had
escorted the marchers to their places in
the pavilion, the speakers -were gathered
on the platform with a number of those
prominent in the councils of organized
labor, and the talent which had volun
teered entertainment were all on hand
when Walter H. Goff, president of the
San Francisco Labor Council, advanced
to the. rostrum rail and in a brief speech
introduced .Waller Macarthur, the presi
dent of the day.
Mr. Macarthur congratulated the local
President of the Day Introduced.
noon session. To the majority of the men
who bore the heat and fatigue of the
strest parade there was little about In
door-exercises to attract. They were
thirsty and hungry. The weather authori
ties had provided a perfect day. The
result was that after doing their duty in
the parade the majority of the strikers
slaked their thirsty throats, satisfied
their empty stomachs and made . holiday
for the rest of the afternoon.
James G. Magirre Delivers Oration at Mechanics' Pavilion and
Strike Leaders Make Addresses to Audience of Paraders
and Their Friends and Families Numbering 3000 Persons
Bach decade of our history shows greater
production of wealth and the men '', who" pro
duce it have less toshow for It. Is this a good
condition, j a right condition? The Solution of
problems; that /confront us is' In • legislation,
sot 'in "legislation for or against classes, but
Bryan's Labor Oration.
In the^fternoon there was speaking and
athletic games at Electric Park and to
night there were addresses. The' orator
of the afternoon" was William J. ¦Bryan,
who was preceded . by Mayor Reed. - The
big pavilion at the park was crowded to
suffocation. Bryan took' his ' text from
First Corinthians ix:9: "Thou . Ehalt not
muzzle the mouth of the ox that treadeth
out the corn." Bryan said: •"¦
KANSAS CITY, Mo., Sept.
bor day was marked by the la'rg
est and most imposing parade of
labor unions ever seen here and
by the participation of 'William J. Bryan
in the procession and exercises. Eight
thousand men marched through the
streets, grouped in their unions, and each
union wearing a uniform. These uniforms
•were made by locked-out girls of Garment-
Makers' Union No. 47,. who have started a
co-operative factory. The young woman,
dressed in white, rode in a tally-ho coach,
and were cheered all along the line." Bryan
occupied . a carriage at the head of tho
line and was cheered wherever recognized.
A striking feature of the parade was ihe
Hodcarriers' Union (negroes) 225 mm,
wearing white shirts and; black caps, and
led by a negro band.
I have heard '. that the _ true solution of ; the'
problem Js for the laboringman* to divide profits
with . the trusts. , That has,, been given j as an
argument for; the trusts. -Such, a thing .would
be immoral' and .impolitic. . : It =¦ would be like
dividing the spoils . of the 'highwaymen.- It
would be permitting a man to rifle your pock
ets and then'Ofter. to divide the proceeds with
you. To-day the; only, people who sympathies
with you are the others who toll In other parts
of the Lord's ' vineyard. .In the. present! stepl
strike' where did the~flrst "expression of ' sym
pathy come. from?. From Texas. . They, have
nb steel mills there. They are farmers.' They
are tillers ¦ of ¦- the soil," and laborers like . your
selves. I ,want_to.warn you to resist the over
tures of the trusts. . Beware when corporations
ask you to Join them. 'The farmers can stand
the . encroachments' of the , trusts .longer, than'
you can. ¦; The \farmersi; live ;oft; their* farms.
When trust 4 prices get so high that the farm
ers cannot '. buy, '. they will eat 'the '.products' Qf
their own . industry. Their; wives can . even go
back" to "the "primitive -method of; making
clothes by'weavlng. But 'when the farmer can
no longer pay trust prices, 1 then there will, be
no more demand-for the products "of your; toll,'
"and you can make no 'more wages. The' offer
of the trusts 'to divide with the' laboringman
for equal Justice before' the i law. The ¦ strike
to-day. Is* the only weapon J the laborer -has,
but it is weak and inefficient. If. the labor
ingmen were" half 'as active on electionMay as
they are j in j enforcement /of their t strikes . they
would, right ;the evils ; which '.beset them. The
greatest danger of ' to-day, is private monopoly.
Not that any ; one ' monopoly ¦ is worse 'than
others,', but '.the principle : is bad which tolerates
any private monopoly. . : ; .¦ , ., \^\- ,
pass : judgment on" the . offender. The whole
thing is wrong. \ Under the' system a 1 number
of employers can ' organize themselves, . go Into
• Government j by injunction la an Iniquitous
system, and ; one of the questions demanding
action : at-' the hands "of the American people.
The courts are the servants' of the people, and
; for a court- to ruie by injunction is for a
court to dispense with a Jury and to condemn
a man for. violating a law. that the court itself
made, j Under -the '.process j of government by
injunction the court constitutes Itself • the
power to make the laws," execute them' and
Tou are witnessing a battle between labor
and the great steel trust. This trust was will
ing to unionize some of its mills, but would
leave others open to 'non-union labor. Why?
Because. the trust wants some mills that it can
depend on in the event o(,a strike.'. It is an
unequal struggle, for the trust can shut down
its mills for a year, but laborlngmen cannot
live a year without, work. It is your duty to
crush monopolies with ..the .best resource at
youj command— the ballot. <
Fight Against Steel Trust.
ia a pitfall. Can you tru»t the corporations to
divide honestly? ! No! How many of ¦ you
would like to try a ', lawsuit when ' the Judge
on the bench- Is the opposing party to the suit.
There are goood Judges, good Juries, yet do
you want Judges and Juries to try your case
when they are interested in the outcome them
selves?. When you- permit private monopolies
to dictate terms of /.division, then you place
youreelves wholly at their mercy. ' Tou allow
them, to water their stock and then expect
them to divide with labor on a Just basis.
LABOR MEETS TO TELL
STORY OF ITS STRUGGLE
William J, Bryan Participates in the; Parade and Exercises at Kan
sas City and Delivers an 'Address Advising All Working
men to Remedy Their "Varied Grievances at the Polls
san francisco; Tuesday, i September : f 3,v. iooi.
VOLUME XC— NO. 94.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
labor day parade turning into market street from kearny; as photographed from the call
'building, and features of the procession as seen at various points' along-' the line of
march and of the grand ball at night at mechanics' pavilion.
IN ALL CITIES OF THE UNION
LABOR DAY IS DULY OBSERVEDONE OF, < SAMPSON'S ATTOR- |
NEYS^AT',/ THE COMING
COURT OFj 'INQUIRY. . . ,
Johnson's" restaurant on Market • street,
near Third, was the first place in the final
laps;of the march in 'front of -which 1 a
demonstration, was; made. . Remembering
; the determined -. stand made by» Johnson
before '.the -Cooks': and Walters', Alliance
lost its fight- the v marchers hooted and
¦jeered, but: Johnson stood serenely In his
Although admirable arrangements had
been made by the police for the preserva
tion of order their services were scarcely
needed. Nearly every onlooker kept to the
curb line and but few people attempted
to break; through" the lines. Those who
did were mostly women and the-paraders
gallantly marked .time until the, fair pa
rade breakers gained the opposite -side of
the street. ¦ - • • ./
STEVEDOBES NOT IDLE.
Gangs Sent to Port Costa and South
Vallejo.
Though yesterday was a holiday and
there was but very little work attempted
on the water front, the stevedores who
have contracted to load the deep-water
ships at Port Costa were not Idle. Most
of the pickets on duty along the front
turned out with their various unions and
the stevedores were not slow to seize upon
the opportunity to send a number of non
union hands to the upper bay. . A launch
containing twenty-one men, hired by
Menzies & Co., left the foot of Jackson
street in the morning for Port Costa,
where they were put to work loading the
Engelhorn with wheat. Eleven . negroes
were sent to South Vallejo on the steamer
Herald by Whlteside & Co. to load the
Foyledale with flour.
-About the only vessel on which there
was any work done along the front yes
terday was the collier Pleiades. It was
expected that the work of dischar.rinsr her
would be completed last night so that she
could leave for the north to-day for an
other load of coal. •
' comparatively short delay and the dis
patch with which the line of march was
'traversed are proofs of the care and abil
-lty with which the details were planned
.au<3 put into execution.
V ' I>«nse Crowds Line Streets.
.' The. van of the procession swung Into
Market street from Kearny at 11:35. It
'was 1:20 when the last section of the last
division reached Newspaper Corner," an
hour and three-quarters having been oc
cupied by the procession in passing that
-point. Scarcely had the last man of the
last union in line turned from Kearny into
Market street when the band that led the
parade came marching back down Mar
ket, followed by the machinists, on the
countermarch after having paraded out
"to Van Ness avenue and out the avenue
to Bush street and back.
. From the ferry depot to Van Ness ave
nue dense crowds lined the streets, pack
ed the thickest near the water front and
at such points as Montgomery and Mar*
ket and Kearny and Market and thin
'ning out as the distance grew from the
pednt of starting. Outbursts -of cheers
frequently greeted unions whose behavior
Eince the Inception of the strike has won
; public sympathy or whose sturdiness of
bearing or other attribute excited admir
ation.
The paraders themselves cheered each
other and greeted popular firms and per
sons with salvos of applause. The Exam
iner was frequently greeted with cheers
and the waving of flags, but in the main
'the cheering came from the unions that
out. on strike. The men who are
working were less demonstrative and
many of - the unions passed Newspaper
. JWted tool in the regular course of work
for fifteen weeks. Others, numbering into
the thousands, had not done work nor
receive'd wage in six weeks. Their
thoughts were centered upon the indus
trial strife to which they are a party and
perhaps the chief sufferers, and to them
the parade was nothing more nor less
than a display of the numerical strength
and the steadfastness and determination
of their forces. There were many whose
leaders had Induced them to break con
tracts solemly made with employers and
who wait with wavering hope from day
to day for word that the leaders have
reached agreement with employers. And
there. were thousands heavy of heart for
. the misfortunes of their fellows, but
• thankful that their own unions had had
grievances less sore or had considered
contracts more sacred.
Enthusiasm was at a high pitch
throughout the parade, though it was
most noticeable with the unions that are
out on strike and, of course, at the times
'when, the densest crowds of strike sym
pathizers were being passed. A few floats
efid banners relieved the monotony of the
¦ long line and thousands of small flags
,v.-ere carried by the paraders and waved
in unison when something occurred to
arouse a display of enthusiasm. .
The start of the parade was made at a
quarter past 11 o'clock, fifteen minutes
'later only than the schedule time. The
unions are not marching clubs and the
Continued From Page One.
2lS« r W l th £ ut f, ny . reco g n ition of the
services of the yellow journal.
Printers Significantly Silent.
The allied printing trades were signifi
cantly silent when the Examiner building
7^ b w S pass ! ed and efforts- to stampede
them Into applause for that paper failed
Ignominiously. One member of the Typo-'
graphical Union shouted "Hats off to the
S^i 11 K e * ! u: and sulted the action to the
S? « H U L hi l wa 2 the only hat that came
d hIs pother printers marched on
without a cheer. Typographical Union
No. 21. Printing Pressmen No. 24 Web ,
Pressmen No. 4. Newspaper Mailers No.'
H* Engravers No. 8, Stereotypers
No. 29 and the Bookbinders constitute the
allied printing trades, the second division
of. the parade. These were the only un
ions in the parade that have members in
the employ of the Examiner, and not one
™ th^ m . sent i" p cheer8 for that paper.
The Call was frequently hooted, but not
at all by the unions that have men In its.
employ. The vouns men who drive de-^
livery .wagons and the longshoremen were
SdfSSM 1 ** 1 with their ex P res8lon *
As early as 9 o'clock the bustle and ex
citement commenced In the vicinity of the
starting point at the corner of Mission
fn^n^ aSt ? tre ?£ s -, Many of the Unions
£? *1* * at *», their headauarters and
marched to the rendezvous in bodies In
some cases, however, the men straggled
down to the starting point In small parties
of twos and threes. So well had the plart
2k fc l rmatlon *: been arranged and so well
did the marshal and his aids acquit them
selves that there was little or no confusion
Sons S UDlOnS ln thelr P ro Per Bta-
Long before 11 o'clock, the appointed
h ? U / ior A*} ax^ nB ' m 5 st , of the "nions were
arranged in line. The line on East street
extended from Market to Folsom and on
all the streets north and south as far ud
as, First street unions were waitine to
fhe P p^ade th p e a r ss r ed SPeCtlVe P ° SltlOns hen
Parade Moves Without Hitch.
• Michael Casey, the grand marshal, took
his stand at the corner of Market and
East streets and watched the clock In the
ferry depot tower for the hour to march
When It finally arrived he was compelled
to delay. giving the signal until a union
ate in reaching its station should fall in
line. When Marshal Casey raised his
baton the parade started without the least
hitch and as it moved down Market street
the unions waiting in the side streets fell
into line without the least delay^ o r with
out causing the least interruption '
' The usual line of march for parades uo
Market to Montgomery street, out Mont
gomery to California, to Kearny and back
to Market street, was followed uu<tCK
When the parade entered Market street
lin<*B were broadened out and "open or^
der was observed. The crowd alone Mar
ket street, particularly from Third to
Sixth street, was Immense. Wagons were
utilized to give women and. children a
chance to look over the heads of those
standing along, the curb line. From the
windows of hotels and '. lodging-houses
handkerchiefs .were waved to catch the
•marchers' eyes and many a good natured
doorway and smiled at the crowd. When
the-residence usually occupied by. Police
Commissioner.. Newhall, at the corner X?
Sutter street and Van Ness avenue was
reached ¦ there/: were cries of ''Scab "
• "Newhall's residence.'.' etc. : As the na
rade countermarched 'the: derisive crip*
were changed into loud huzzahs for : each
marching union. , the representatives of
the affiliated iron trades, who headed th£
parade coming in for the greatest display
of vociferous greetings. °piay
Either by accident or design on the' part
of Grand Marshal Casey, _ the paraders
were compelled •. to walk : several' miles
further; than^ was called for by the route
of procession. . As originally proposed it
was- Intended to'endthe parade at^the
• Several years ago Miss Kastwick . in
herited from her grandmother. an. Interest
in an estate - said to be worth . $100,000.
About this time she and her father be
came estranged, it is said, and with the
capital afforded by. her grandmother's
legacy the young, woman sought fortune
as a speculator in the stock market, but
with what success her relatives or friends
do not know. Later on her health gave
way. and a, reconciliation with her father
followed. She was sent to a sanitarium,
where she remained for several months
.Upon recovering her health she again
went to England and became distinguish
ed as a whip. She did most of her coach
ing in Scotland and was frequently ac
companied by distinguished . Englishmen
and Americans. Miss Eastwick left this
country -about eighteen months ago, ac
companied by her father and sister Hulda
She was last heard of in Scotland.
Fond of horses, dogs and all outdoor
sports, she was from the ' first averse to
the social prominence that her family's
position and wealth assured her. . In
course of-time her spirit of independence
aserted itself so strongly that at frequent
intervals she : was estranged from the
members of her immediate family and at
such times. she made her>-.ome with other
relatives. During the last twelve years
she has devoted herself to travel, making
her longest stay in England. Occasional
ly she came to Philadelphia to visit -the
family 'of her uncle,. Andrew N.\ East
wick, and her aunt. Mrs. Isaac Jones.
While in this country she- regarded New
York as her home and stopped at tne
Waldorf-Astoria. She • made numerous
visits to her brother, Spencer Eastwick,
who Is in the sugar business in New Or
leans. >¦¦
Miss Eastwick Is about 32 years old. She
is a grandaughter of the late Harrison
Eastwick. Her. father, Edward P. East
wick, was formerly associated with the
Havemeyers in the sugar refining business
and when he* retired, fourteen years ago,
he was reputed to be a millionaire.
PHLADELPHIA, Sept. 2.— Friends of
Miss Marie Josephine Eastwick learned
with surprise to-day the story of her
trouble in London. 'Although she has
only been an occasional visitor to Phila
delphia in recent years, her charming per
sonality and her high social position In
this city have, despUe her indifference to
society, made her well known in local so
cial circles. . .
Philadelphia.
Miss Eastwick a Great Favorite in
DAUGHTER OF A MILLIONAIRE.
At; Van Ness, as the parade turned Into
that thoroughfare. -a good natured" crowd
assembled and there was considerable
badinage between those who composed, the
demonstration and the spectators.. From
Sixth street to Eleventh on Market and
on Van Ness avenue 'to Bush street the
crowd perceptibly thinned out. But the
well-known 'points,. such as the steps of
St. Ignatius College and of St. -Mary's,
Cathedral, and ". empty private residences
held their coteries of ¦ sightseers. .As the
crowds came down f rorn the western lim
its of the city the numters. were slightly.
Increased, but at no time was there any
encroachment upon - the street. — • ¦ , • •
The defendant, August 12, went to the
Charing Cross branch of the Credit Lyon
aise and asked the manager to buy two
shares of Canadian Pacific Railway. The
manager took the order but afterward
found it difficult to get so small a number
of shares and wrote to the defendant at
the Red Lion Hotel, Henley, asking if he
would be allowed to get five or ten shares.
As a result five shares were bought
August 15 and the defendant duly sent
her check. . She wrote to Beeton August
15 from Stratford-on-Avon, saying she
expected a - thousand Canadian . Pacific
shares from New York and wanted a loan
on them afe she was desirous of buying
more United States Steel. Beeton re
plied that he did not think there would
be any difficulty in raising a loan on such
securities. She received a certificate for
five Canadian Pacific shares on August
The prosecutor said that. by August 26
the certificate had been altered, that the
name of the original holder had been
erased and the Dame of Marie Josephine
Eastwick had been substituted. The word
"five" in the number of shares and the
numerals had all been altered, so that , it
appeared to be a certificate for a thousand
instead of for five shares. 'This was skill
fully done, three I kinds of type and' ink
"rally" cam* from the tramping workers
and strikers. ' - • " ."¦ " ••• 'I
Raises the Certificate.
LONDON, Sept.. 2.— Marie Josephine
Eastwick of Philadelphia was ar
raigned in the Guildhall Police
Court to-day, charged with hav
ing forged a railway certificate
of the value of £100,000. Sensational evi
dence was presented. The defendant was
accommodated with a chair and sat. the
whole time listlessly in the dock.
The public prosecutor said the defend
ant had been ¦ residing in England for
eighteen months and was believed to be
an American of wealth. She had been
living with persons said to be her father
and sister at the Metropole, London, and
had been coaching through England and
living generally in the most expensive
manner. Latterly she had removed to
Hempstead for the benefit of her health.
She obtained an introduction to. Beeton,
a member of the stock exchange, to
whom the defendant represented herself
to be the owner of securities worth,
roughly, £jj0O,OOO. She said she wanted to
buy a thousand shares of United States
Steel Corporation as a speculation. This
operation required £1000, whioh. the de
fendant said, she did not have, but as she
wanted to invest, immediately she told
Beeton she had cabled- to a trust com
pany in Philadelphia to break open her
strong box and forward the money to her
by mail. She added that the trustee tele
graphed to her, refusing to do so until
they had possession of her key. :.
he could not explain matters at present
but everything would come out all right.
Her counsel, who was Interviewed, In
timated that the prisoner ~was suffering
from temporary insanity. 'Her father said
'The general ¦ tenor of Beeton's evidence
was that the defendant impressed him as
being a woman of -wealth and > position.
She told him that while she was in Rus
sia the Czar: placed a - train at her dis
posal and that J. Plerpont Morgan had
written her advising her to' buy United
States Steel common in anticipation of an
Immediate rise ¦ • .-..*,-' 5
• The defendant's father was called up by
the court and consented with the-great
est willingness that his and his daughter's
trunks be searched and the prisoner,
speaking for the first time, said: "You are
welcome to search 'them all." '
-The defendant • was remanded until Sep
tember 9. She will be afforded special
privileges onaccdunt-of the poor state of
her health and will be examined by doc
tors.' '. - . -j. ¦¦-¦ :¦*: . ¦ . ¦ . .
Poses as Morgan's Friend.
Beeton notified the police of London and
a detective arr<=*ted the defendant at the
Palace Hotel, Buxton, Saturday after
midnight. The receipt for the registered
letter in , which the certificate was sent
was found among the defendant's effects.
The testimony, of Beeton and others was
heard, generally sustaining the prosecut
or's statement. The detective said the de
fendant told «hlm she had practically no
defense, .. ' - . •. • ¦ ¦ •:
The magistrate asked If the person who
was said to be her father was present and
a' well-dressed, somewhat distinguished
looking r man stood up among- the " seats
reserved for spectators. The magistrate
directed him t6 be seated. In conversa
tion with a correspondent the man- said
he' was the father of Marie Eastwick, Who
came fronv Philadelphia. -¦ - . .•
The defendant wired Beeton from Bux
ton, August 28, asking if the certificate
had arrived. In the meanwhile Beeton's
clerk, on receiving the certificate, noticed
the stamp irregularity and went to the
Canadian Pacific Railroad office, where it
was pronounced to be a forgery. Beeton
wired this information to the defendant,
asking for an explanation. She replied:
"Cail . me on the telephones", and then
wired: "Have sent no ' certificate. .Don't
understand." . -- . -
Denial of the Defendant.
being used, showing considerable prepara
tion. The - only .mistake was that
the document bore a shilling revenue
stamp instead of one for £10, which a
certificate for one thousand shares would
carry. The defendant sent the altered
document, with a letter, to Beeton,
August 26, asking him to buy a thousand
United States Steel shares in the firm
name, also requesting a loan of £4000,
adding, that . she .Was going in for . motor
cars rather heavily, and was - about to
purchase a stud farm.
Some Sensational Testimony Is^Given Against Miss Marie. Josephine
Eastwick of Philadelphia in a Loribon Police Court— Accused Is
an Invalid Daughter of a ; Millionaire— Insanity Will Be Defense
RAISES RAILWAY STOCKS TO
A HALF MILLION DOLLARS
WASHINGTON, ' ; Sept. . 2.-Admiral
Remeyhas cabled the Navy Department
that trie . Philippine Commission has .ur
gently recommended ; the. retention of. + a
nava) officer.; ;as captain of- the port of
Manila/' expressing-, a desire»that-Lleuten
¦ant /Commander J Marix shall remainr/in
that- post.'- The Navy Department 'h&s
Marix to Stay at Manila.
. LAKE SUNAPEE, N..H., Sept. 2.-Rear
Admiral William T. Sampson Is enjoying
his stay at Burkhaven and continues ' to
gain { strength daily. Numerous reports
have- been circulated elsewhere that the
admiral's condition was a cause of much
anxiety to. his friends, but those staying
at the^village hotel with him declare that
he is just as well as' he was six months
ago. -He spends much' of his time in the
open air. \ He occasionally goes . boating
and driving. ' Last week he took a long
mountain drive and overtaxed ¦ his
strength, but recovered from Its effects
the next "day.
and then await the selection of another
officer if he be found to be disqualified.
CALL BUREAU. 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 2.—
Rear Admiral Schley's attorneys
will make another effort to have
Rear Admiral Howison relieved
from duty on the court of inquiry before
tlie court assembles. They propose to
appeal from Acting Secretary Hackett to
Secretary Long, if the Secretary returns
to Washington before the date set for the
opening of the court. They point out
that there has been no official action in
the matter, as the correspondence be
tween Acting Secretary Hackett and Rear
Admiral Howison was personal.
They. will appeal from Acting Secretary
Hackett's refusal to write an official let
ter to Rear Admiral Howison, asking for
an explanation' of the alleged interview
printed in the Boston Record, and will ask
Secretary Long to send the rear admiral
such an official letter. Tney will justify
this action on the ground that it will pre
vent Melay, as it will probably settle; the
question of Howison's eligibility before
;ihe court meets, and will make it unneces
sary to make a contest before the court
rxear the head of the division was the
banner of the Riggers and Stevedores, an
nouncing the organization of the union
In 1853. The Columbia Park Boys' Club
Drum Corps headed the division and
made a very creditable showing. The
Marine Painters had a prettily decorated
boat. as a float. The Pile Drivers and
Bridge Builders had an engine and pile
driver In operation, and the engine's
hoarse whistle was heard along the entire
line of march. The Coal Teamsters were
represented by a number of loaded
wagons. ¦ .
Women riding In carriages, four-ln
hands and barouches drawn by six horses
owed their participation in the parade to
the generosity of the Hackmen'S Union.
Officers of the Labor Council claim that
approximately 20,000 men were in line, but
"several actual counts, made independent
ly, do not bear out that estimate. A
count made for The Call gave 12.200. A
National Guardsman counted 10.700 men
in line. Captain Seymour, at the sugges
tion of Chief of Police Sullivan, placed
Detectives McJMahon and Ed Gibson at
one point, and Dinan . and Wren at
another point. Their count3. all made
independently, were within fifty of each
other and approximated 11,300.
HUNDREDS ENJOY THE DANCE.
la^aodBal^rat Mechanics' Pavilion 13
£j§£)r- : /- J/axgely v Attended. ' ¦
iv&sf ajflttips-'^iirmajc- to* thf, da-^s cele
bration, the' wjjxkirigmen and their 'friends
spent several hours last'night In the en
•Joyment of ' the' dance ;at tho grand ball
given at the suggestion- of. the San Fran
cisco' Labbr.CounclL. ¦ • Fully .2500 couples
were present "during the night and the
merriment kept up till long after mid
night. •"• Xi - " '
Scarcely "had the doors been opened
when the * strains of one of Strauss*
waltzes floated over the Pavilion and the
floor was quickly covered with dancing
couples. The first number was followed
by three others and a few minutes before
9 o'clock ttLC alignment was made for the
grand march.
Floor Manager P. H. Coyle of the Hack
men's Union and Miss Gussie Taylor led
the march around the floor. Following
the floor manager came the leaders of the
strike movement . and their partners and
the dancers.
Everybody was out for enjoyment and
right merrily did the dancers devote
themselves to the pleasures of the even-
Ing. .-
Floor Manager Coyle wa3 aided in his
efforts to make the affair the success that
it was by the following committees: As
sistant floor managers — J. McLaughlin of
the Brotherhood of Teamsters and J.
Hogan of the Boilermakers' Helpers'
Union.
Floor committee— H. Gallagher, J.
Fogarty, Phil Dietz, C. lacAdam, O. F.
Aubertine. F. A. Michaels. J. Kean R .1.
Wialer, H. Gabel, D. McLaughlin, D. J.
Murra--. L. Osborne. W. H. Brown, H.
Marks, H. Miller.
Section Two— Brotherhood of Teamsters. Sand
Teamsters, Retail Delivery Drivers and Hack
men. ...
Section Three — Marine Firemen, Sailors (First
Company). Sailors (Second Company). Marino
Cooks and Stewards. •
were those allied with the City Front
Federation. Owing to the number parad
ing, the division was subdivided into three
sections. The unions parading under the
marshalship of Edward Anderson, as
sisted by Aaiia John McLaughlin and
Charles Halloway, were as follows:
' Section One— Longshoremen No. 230, Long
shoremen No. 2!2. Longshoremen No. 224, Long
shoremen No. 228, Ship Joiners, Shipwrights.
Calkers, Riggers, Hoisting Engineers, Marine
Painters. Piledrivers - and Trestle Builders.
Coalyard and . Trestlemen and Coal Cart
Drivers.
WASHINGTON. Septj 2i-^General Bar.- i
ry, who acted as . General MacArthur's
chief of staff, has been assigned to tem
porary duty Ih~the"6m'ce~bf the'adjutahf I
general, which post ; he ..vacated, to go to j
Manila about a year and;a - hajf ago. Gen
eral Crowder, > formerly ¦ judge advocate*
general, Department of the* Philippines,,
has been asslghed.-td:duty in 'the office of
. the judge advocate gerferal.: . \ •
'*.\t£Y- '- \ '¦:¦¦' -,. '¦'"• ' > ¦'¦ "> . J 1
On Duty at Washington.
* ¦ - *. * .
' consented to the request and Lieutenant
Commander Marix,-whc> has been ordered
home,. will stay at Manila. V
The unions comprising the fifth division
ifTnTHTynTHrMinrT^i r tit it 1 twmummm
Strikers From the Water Front.
A large number of unions were concen
trated in -the -fifth division, of which
Charles Siskron was the marshal, assisted
by the following aids: W. Storey, S. J.
Cooke, Fred Zimmerman, George Barry
and John Grace. The organizations repre
sented were the Horseshoers. Stationary
Engineers. Metal ¦_ Polishers. Buffers "and
Platers. Brass Finishers. Carriage Black
smiths, Carriage Painters. .Carriage
Woodworkers, Brass Molders. Coopers,
Boxmakers-^and Sawyers, Shipwrights
and Calkers. Picture Frame Makers.
Glass Workers, "' Cigarmakera, Pavers,
Ramraermen's Union, Laborers. Tanners,
Leather Workers, Boot and Shoe Repair
ers, iUpholstsrers. - Tailors,- Electrical
Linemen,. .Wooi - Sorters and Graders.
Stablemen and -Tobacco Workers. .
The Sawyers were preceded by a device
representing the Implements of their
trade, the Glassblowers carried glass
canes and theTanners iiad a transparency
with the motto, "Patronize Home Indus
try." , Each member of the Journeymen
Tailors wore a boutonnlere. '
intersection of -Hayes. Market and Larkin
streets. Instead of returning on the east
side, of Van Ness avenue when Bush
street, the turning point, was reached,
Casey swung the head of his column to
the west. This necessitated moving east
along the south side of Market street as
far as Third street and returning on the
north side in order to reach Mechanics'
Pavilion without breaking the column in
two.
Third street was reached at 1:35 p. m..
Just two hours after the parade entered
the street. At that time there were two
lines of men, each arranged four, six and
eight abreast, extending from the corner
of Market and. Third streets to Van Ness
avenue and" along Van Ness avenue to
Bush street. This affords an excellent
I Idea of the length of the procession and
• a. ready means of approximating the num
ber in line. Many men left the ranks at
Market, and Third streets and in conse
quence the crowd that was expected at
the pavilion was small in numbers. Lieu
tenant John Martin had a force of twenty
police officers there, but they found little
difficulty in controlling the crowd. A
large number of women entered the pa
vilion, but- did not remain long.
Flags and Bright-Hued Banners.
., While no attempt at extraordinary dis
play was' made, the line at all times was
a moving mass of color. Nearly every
man carried an American flag or a deco
rated cane: Every man wore the badge
of his- organization, and many banners
in bright colors told the spectators the
name of the = union that was marching
by.' Many carried emblematic devices of
their craft.
. ; - The most effective display was made by
the 140 members of Horseshoers' Union
No. 25. S Headed by an immense floral an
vil, borne on the shoulders of four stur
dy hammer wielders, the officers of the
union marched. Then came a float with
a forge, from which horseshoes were
turned out as the parade moved. One
¦woman on Van Ness avenue begged for
one for "good luck" and a warm horse
shoe was tossed to her. -She picked it
up in her gloved hand, knd before she,
knew what she was holding -there -was. a
strong odor of burned k}d' and a' woman'
looking for a damp place in "which 1 ; "t<S*
drop a hot shoe. She stood by. her tasfe'
and her horseshoe" and later; -waved -i^
triumphantly as the forge masters" .'re
turned along'the avenue. Every:'. member
of this union wore leather aprons," tlack
skull cap, black shirts and black ; ties.-
The horseshoers were applauded- all
along the line for their natty - appear
ance. . ':
Immediately after Grand Marshal Ca
sey and his aids— Phil J. Dietz and Gus
Hardie — came a barouche drawn by four
white horses in which were seated Presi
dent W. H. Goff of the San Francisco
Labor Council. Secretary Ed Rosenberg
and Walter Macarthur, president of the
day.
To the members of the iron trades was
given the van of the procession.- The
marshal was William McCabe, president
of the Iron Trades Council, assisted by
"W. R. Butler and J. A. Kenny as aids.
The organizations represented were the
machinists, machinists' helpers, boiler
makers, boiler-makers' helpers, coremak
ers, ship drillers, steam fitters and help
ers, pattern-makers, machine hands, iron
molders, blacksmiths, blacksmiths' help
ers and Amalgamated Society of Engi
neers.
Men Who Built the Oregon.
The men of these unions marched with
precision and presented a number of very
effective features. A flag at the head of
the boiler-makers bore the Inscription,
"A -Relic of Manila Bay," and the iron
shipbuilders had a float representing the
battleship Oregon bearing the legend,
"We are the men who built the Oregon."
Many of the men wore sunflowers. The
iron molders had out their big banner
and a float. . ', ' " .• -
H. L. White was the marshal of the
second division and he was assisted by
H. A. Barber. Ed Smith, A. J. Gallagher,
"W. Denahy, J. P. Fitzsimmons and E. L.
Gamble as. aids.
The organizations In line were Typo
graphical Union No. 21, Printing Press
men No. 24. Web Pressmen No. 4, News
paper Mailers No. 18, Photo Engravers
No. 8, Stereotypers No. 29 and Book
binders.
A wagon load of prettily costumed
young ladies and a banner stretching al
most from curb to curb, ¦ bearing the
words, "Our National Motto — Union For
ever," formed thte features of the dl-
Marshal Frank Miele of the third divis
ion had as bis aids G. F. Aubertlne,
Charles Goetz and J. C. Lane. The fol
lowing organizations comprised the
division: - Brewers, Bottlers, Drivers,
Butchers. Cooks and Waiters, Barbers,
band. Bakers and Confectioners, Laundry
Workers, Boot and Shoe Workers, Broom
Makers. Retail Clerks, Shoe. Clerks, Gar
ment Workers and French Laundry
Workers. :. . .
The Brewery Workers were distinguish
ed by bunches of hops and ears. of barley
worn in buttonholes and hat bands. Their
band played "Die Wacht Am Rhein" at
frequent intervals and they were loudly
cheered on account of their picturesque
appearance. The Bakers were headed by
their banner and a number of men in
white uniforms.
•Although it was only a half holiday for
them. Journeymen Barbers' Union No. 148
made a. splendid showing, the ranks being
constantly filled as the- men quit work
after the noon hour. The Broom Makers
carried brand-new brooms over their
shoulders and wore small brooms on their
coat lapels. A transparency bore the
words, "What will you -patronize, convict,
Asiatic or white labor?" "
/ yw- T7ILLIAM H. KLESS, a non-
Xi )\ / union teamster, was arrested
>\A\/ shorfly after 8 o'clock' last
"V V night by Sergeant Shaw and
posse at Third and Mission
streets with a smoking revolver In his
hand, which. he had just discharged in a
melee with strikers. Kless was with his
wife when a gang of striking teamsters
surrounded him and began- to jostle him,
with" the evident intention of separating
him from his wife and giving him a beat
ing. --r He-drew a revolver and in his ex
citement it was discharged, the bullet
striking the sidewalk near him. „ He was
charged, at the Southern police station
with discharging firearms within the city
limits.
William Coleman, a lad 20 years of age,
while;. walking along. Pacific street yester
day afternoon about 3 o'clock, was. at
tacked by about fifty strikers, who shout
ed "Scab! " athim and struck him on the
face with' their; fists. ¦ For a moment he
was taken | by. surprise and then ran for
his life, hotly pursned by the mob of
strikers, whose numbers were quickly
augmented till there were about 200. Cole
i man rushed up a stairway near Montgom
1 ery avenue and took refuge in the house.
The mob continued to howl In front of the
house . till some one notified the Central
police station and -Sergeant Campbell and
posse arrived. in- the patrol wagon. They
found Coleman bleeding, at the mouth and
nose and his eyes swollen. He said he
came from Hanford Saturday and had
not been working here. The police drove
him to his lodgings in the patrol wagon
and advised him to keep to his room till
to-day at least.
William Henry, a laborer, arrived from
Stockton Saturday night and engaged a
room at 448*A Third street. Sunday night
about U o'clock he had Just entered the
front door to go to his room when he was
attacked by about fifty strikers, on© of
whom hit him with a "billy," knocked
him down and kicked him". They tore his
trousers and coat in pieces and stole his
hat and shoes, leaving him bareheaded
and barefooted and covered with blood
He went to the Receiving Hospital early
yesterday morning, where, his wounds
were dressed. Later he was taJcen to the
Central Police Station and an officer was
sent to his lodging-house to get clothing
for him. He said the men who attacked
him called him a "scab," but he had not
sought for employment.
S. Johnson, an employe of/ the Bradford
Quicksilver Company of San Jose, now
on a visit to thi3 city, was knocked down,
kicked and beaten by a number of men
supposed to be union teamsters last night
at the corner of Fourth and Folsora
streets. After beating him. into insensi
bility they went through his pockets and
relieved him of a sold watch and chain
and $10 in coin. He was then ducked in
a -watering" trough, restored to conscious
ness and left lying on the sidewalk. He
was -found by a police officer, who sum
moned an ambulance and had him con
veyed to the Emergency Hospital. :
Frank Kane, a non-union man, resid
ing at 412 Main street, .was attacked by
a number of strikers last night as he
was walking along the seawall and beat
en so badly that It was found necessary
to send him to the Harbor Hospital for
'treatment? Kane- was to have gone to
work this morning for the Simpson Lum
ber Company.
Albert Thll, first mate of the National
City, was sent to> the Central Emergency
Hospital last night by a watchman em
ployed at the foot of Fourth street. H»
was badly beaten about the face and
head by six men who waylaid him as
he walked down the Fourth-street dock;
to take a small boat to reach his vessel.
pTf-^a HE celebration of Labor day by
1 the Building Trades councils of
I California attracted fully 6000 peo-
II pie to Shell Mound Park yester
day. The occasion was one of un
alloyed pleasure to all who participated
in the festivities. A • more orderly and
¦well behaved gathering was never seen
anywhere. The affair reflected great
credit upon the committees, to whose
painstaking efforts its success was prin
cipally due.
It- was 11 o'clock when the festivities
began and every few minutes thereafter
the crowd was swelled by the arrival of
visitors from every quarter of the com
p&srs. At 1 o'clock, the hour scheduled
for the trophy contest. 3000 persons were
on the ground, and an hour later passage
way through the grounds was difficult to
find. The delightful weather made the
day an ideal one for picnickers and those
who. did not care to. dance or witness the
games passed their time plea_"S3.ntly in
shady ¦ nooks or floral bpwers. Not a
single accident occurred to mar the thor
ough enjoyableness of the occasion, a
fact that elicited favorable comment from
more than cne during the day.
The Building Trades councils of this
city and Oakland furnished the largest
quota of unionists, ¦who, with their fami
lies and friends, made up the gathering.
Every trade affiliated with the councils
was represented on the ground. The con
tests were spirited, but the rivalry for
trophies and prizes was entirely g/oodna
tured.
The Literary Exercises.
The literary exercises were held in the
<5ancing pavilion, for the time deserted by
the dancers. The programme was with
out ostentation, but the numbers never
theless attracted an audience that tested
the capacity of the structure. The presi
a>n of the day. P. H. McCar.ny, was the
principal speaker. He was warmly
greted and he briefly explained the aims
and purposes of the Building Trades
Council of California. He said in part:
The council Js composed of a proportional
representation, of delegates from each affiliating
¦union, comprising every guild within the build
ing industry of the city. It controls the build
ing Industry from the foundation to the roof,
end it has wisely adopted a policy that permits
of no interference from any miscellaneous cen
tral body or organization. Its constitution pro-
Aides that unions In the building industry must
be organized and guided solely by the Building
Trades Council, as it cannot divide responsibil
ity uith any central body made up of divers
.trades and callings. . .
The objects for which the Building Trades
Council has been organized are "to organize
ell branches of labor engaged in the construc
tion of buildings or in the preparation of ma
teriaJ therefor; to form such building trades
unions into compact and practical working cen
tral bodies known as Building Trades Councils;
to preserve the building industry inviolate from
the disastrous results of foreign interference
and entangling alliances; to assist and co-op
erate with all bona fide labor organizations, in
order to present a solid phalanx against the
misuse cf capital; to assist in having the hours
of labor shortened according to displacements
caused by the introduction of improved meth
ods in the system of production and distribu
tion ; to urge the passage and enforcement
of la-nrs beneficial to the people; to effect an,
equitable adjustment of all, disputes, between
employer and employe: to more thoroughly ln
ouicate the principles of trades unionism." —
Controlling the building -industry in its en
tirety, through the thoroughly organized and
educated membership of its . affiliating -unions,
enforced by the working card Fystem- and gov
erned by capable officials, the Building 'Trades
Council has attained a standing in .the com
munity on a i«ar with that of the. beat organiza
tions in the State. ; -.
At present the Building Trades Council of San
Francisco is composed of thirty -^elx unioni,- rep
resenting a total of 15,000 organized building
craftsmen. As a central labor "body it has no
superiors and few peers, If any. Its pasfrecord
is the best guarantee of its Juture. success.- Its
loyal friends, numbered In thousands, are found
to all the better walks of life, whom we- pay
I tribute to for their able and valuable assistance
because they have earned the most' r " profound,
thanks of the council, and Bhould,therafoTB-«ni'
£"36> the esteem and gratitude of •'alh-tnorkiBg--'
men. . #$££ l-*£ . >'
Organization of "Workingiheiu
John E. McDougald followed , with a
carefully prepared address on the sub
ject of "Labor Unions; Their Purposes
and Benefits to the Wage Worker." Mr.
McDougald spoke at some length upon
the need of organization by workingmen
in order that their interests might" be pro-,
tected. He called attention to the state
of workmen prior to the organization of
Jabor unions, and compared it with their
state since unionism has become a factor
in industrial life. Since the formation of
solid unions the wage scale has advanced
fully 50 per cent. In many of the build
ing trades the eight-hour rule is in, force,
with better pay than was received years
agro for much longer workdays. Union
ism, continued the speaker, made men
more self-reliant, independent and honor
able. It raised them to higher planes of
usefulness and made them better and
nobler citizens of the commonwealth.
J. F. Kearne, ex-presldent of the
Building Trades Council of Alameda
County, delivered a brief address, in
which he spoke of the peace and har
mony existing between the council and all
who have relations with that body. The
organization was at peace with all the
THRONGS WITNESS PAGEANT.
The winners of these races subsequent
ly .engaged in the final race, twice around
the track, with the following results:
First prize, $50, Jack Bodkin; second prize,
$20, J. Morey; : third prize. $15. J. T. McDon
ald; fourth prize, S10.. R. D. McFadden: fifth
prize. $5. E. Edwards.^
Other contests were as follows:
Race for boy« under'.lO years— Jack Robertson
first prize. |1 50; Jack Coburn, second prize.'
box of chewing gum. •¦¦¦-"
Race for girls under 12 years— Mamie McGln
nerty, first prize, : .fi 60;., Lfi*u Bickerstaff,
second prize, box of candy.
Young ladies' race— Grace Horn, first prize,
Vi\ -Lulu Bickerstaff, second prize, box fancy
toilet soap. -. . . ¦ - 1. • ,-.¦..
Youns men's race— Joseph Mackay, first
prize, $2; Joseph Sullivan, second prize, shav
ing cup. •-.-". • • -•
Married ladies' race— Mrs. Kelly, first prize,
tile stave board; Mrs. Steere, • second prize,
ba.ck.ol flour. . ';.-. j'~ . .'. ..
F>t , € men's-* racep*E. . Barbeau,; first prize,
K 50; ;:•>*,-.;' Cosrrave, second ; prize, box of
cigars, >*VVV~, ~- ih ¦'.-'.. •',*.. lv .*.;'.
Three-legrged race— "J. and W. ¦" Kelly, first
prize, . p ;t2;.5O; :¦. Walter;- McCullough: and -Frank
Lamar. second prize..pair of slippers. ¦' .."
• ' Grand:; obstacle ,-. race— Frank Wilson, first
prize.. $5;. : t>avid Cashman. second prize, box
of -cisars." .' - ;.';:-- ¦ .
East Indian basket and egg race— P. M. Otis.'
first prize, $5; Ned Murray, second prize, wagon
load of firewood. • ' • • . •
Race between members of the Builders' As
sociation—F. C. Lanson, first prize. 1000 bricks;
George C." Terrill, ; second prize, case of wine.
Race "between members of the Builders'.Ex
change-^H. Maundrell, first prize, 1000 bricks;
F. S. Gunn. second prize, six bottles of whisky.
Millmen's race — George McLaughlin, first
prize, J5; W. Beamish, second prize, $2 50.
In addition to these there were several
amusing features on the programme that
furnished enjoyment for the spectators.
Chief among these was a pie-eating con
test, in which a dozen lads engaged. The
first prize of $2 was captured by Emmet
Wilson, and the second prize of $1 was
won by Romeo Flaherty. The apple-eat
ing contest was also thoroughly enjoyed.
The first prize of $2 was won by Law
rence Dalton, and the second prize of $1
by Thcmas Flaherty.
The prizes will be distributed at Odd
Fellows' Hall next Saturday evening. An
nouncements of the winning gate prize
numbers will be made during the week.
: •world— a state due to the admirable prin
ciples that are the soul and spirit of the
institution. The affiliated unions were
I composed of earnest men, who appreciat
ed the responsibilities of their stations
1 and who were guided solely by . principle
and love for one another. The speaker
said that without harmony and single
ness of purpose and' action no organiza
tion could prosper. Because the Build
ing Trades Council of California did not
lack In any of these things Its operations
were uniformly successful,
The addresses were followed by rag
time melodies rendered by the Waterman
sisters and a solo by K. Gilchrist. At
the completion of the exercises dancing:
was resumed, and until 11 o'clock, this
I amusement was unremittingly indulged
in by hundreds.
Racing and Other Sports.
The afternoon hours' were devoted to
racing and other outdoor sports. A fine
programme of events had been prepared
by the committee, and with few excep
tions-this was carried out to the letter.
The first event was the grand Labor day
contest for. the Phelan cup, to be award
ed to the union making the best appear
ance. This trophy has been twice won
by the Cement Workers' Union, and the
members were 'determined to capture the
valuable memento permanently. The con
testants were the Brotherhood of Car
penters and Joiners, Stair-builders' Union
and Cement Workers. After the march
the judges were unable to decide between
the respective merits of the Stair-build
ers and Cement Workers. Decision was
consequently reserved until next Satur
day evening, when the prizes will be dis
tributed.
The union races were hotly contested,
and excited great enthusiasm. The re
sults were as follows:
Brotherhood of Painters vs. the Brother
hood of Carpenters, first prize fo, second prize
$2.50— H. Schober first, J. Tait second.
Plumbers vs. Electricians, first prize $5, sec
ond prize ?2 50-J.- F. McDonald first, A. E.
Drendall second.
Bricklayers vs. Flatterers, first prize $5. sec
ond prize f2 50— J. Bodkin first. J. PhUlips
second.
Cement Workers vs. Laborers' Protective
Association, first prize $5. second prize %1 50—
J. Morey first. George Casey second.
I Millwrights vs. Elevator Constructor*, first
prize J5. second prize %2 50— Ed Edwards first,
Al Greenwell second.
Tile Setters vs. Marble Cutters, first prize
$5, second prire $2 60— R. D. McFadden first,
J. J. Hurley second.
Granite Cutters vs. Sandstone Cutters, first
prize $5, second prize $2 50— M. Gordon first.
F. C. Russell second.
Derrickmen vs. Metal Workers, first prize $5,
second prize £2 50— P. W. Otis first, V. Otto
second.
Felt and Composition Roofers. vs. Carpet Me
chanics, first prize $5. second prize $2 30— W.
Sullivan first, Fred Kerschner second.
Glaziers and Ornamental Glass Workers vs.
Fixture Hangers, first prize Jo. second prize :
J2 50— W. F. Wood first. J. F. Harvey second.
Lathers vs. Shlnglers. first prize $5, second
prize $2 50— D. McDonald first, M. S. Moya
second. '-.;'.: ' . .
Woodworkers vs. ' Metal Roofers, first prize
$3. second prize $2 £0— Fred Rehu first; Joseph
Murray second.
Results in the Finals.
.Addresses on Unionism, Hotly Contested Races and Other
Outdoor Sports and Dancing in the Pavilion Furnish En
teriainmen t to 6000 People at Enjoyable Labor Day Picnic
Teamster Walking With Wife Is Frightened by Strikers on
Third Street and Is Arrested for Discharging Revolver.
Youth Beaten on Pacific Street by Mob That Grew to 200
ATTACKS UPON NON-UNION
MEN IN MANY QUARTERS
BUILDING TRADES HOLD
FORTH AT SHELL MOUND
SCHLEY'S ATTORNEYS APPEAL
TO SECRETARY OF NAVY LONG
Making a Determined Attempt to Have Rear Admiral Howison
Relieved From the Court of Inquiry Before the Tribunal Begins
Its Investigation of ; the Famous Santiago Naval Battle
2
THE SAy FRANCISUO^CALL, TUESDAY,, 8EPTEM^ER 3, • 1901.
ATJVERTISE3yLEUT3.
1/
Do you admire physical perfection in
man or woman? Would you like to
feel as if you could muzzle a lion? Let
me send you a most interesting book
telling how you can be made to feel like
a. Samson. All human weakness- comes
from a loss of, electricity from" the
body. My electric belt restores it, and
my book tells of the gladdening effect it
has on you. Cut this ad out and send it.
I mail the book, sealed free. Write to-
day. Dr. M. E. McLaughlin, 702 Marker-
street. San Francisco.IN ALL CITIES OF THE UNION
LABOR DAY IS DULY OBSERVED
line. The San Francisco delegation alone
will bring three bandp and seven drum
corps. A midnight parade of the bands
and organizations on Saturday may yet
be determined upon as a feature.
The entertainment committee Is hard at
work. Besides the programme published
In The Sunday Call other features may be
added. Entries are coming in for the bi-
cycle races and most of the best riders
on the coast will face the starter. •
Decorations are being prepared and will
be put in place. Bear flags will predom
inate and these, with large American
flags, will give the city a gala appearance.
The old pioneers are not less active than
their sons and daughters. They will ay
pear in the parade and keep open house.
where the fathers and mothers of Native
Sons and Native Daughters will be re
ceived.
Headquarters of the various parlors will
be maintained at the different halls as fol
lows:
Native Sons' Hall— General headquarters.
Turn Veretn Hall— Headquarters reception
committee on Monday.
Library Hall— San Francisco No. 49.
Hale's Hall— California No 1
Curtis Hall— Hesperian No. 137.
Champion Hall— Presidio No. 194.
Masonic Hall — Alcalde No 154.
Y. AI. I. Hall— Rlncon No. 72.
. Druids' Hall— South San Francisco No. 157.
Belloli Halll-Precita No. 187.
Sleeper Hall— Golden Gate No. 29. Alcatraz
No. 145, Alameda No. 47, Army and Navy No.
207. x .
Vendome Hall— Oakland No. 60.
Bt. James Hall— Athens No. 195. NlantioNo.
105. Brooklyn No. 151, Mission No. 38, Sea
Point No. 158.
J-arge Odd Fellows' Hall — Pioneers.
Small Odd Fellows' Hall— Dolores No. 208.
Foresters' Hall— Sequoia No. 160.
I. B. S. Hall-Piedmont No. 120.
K. of P. Hall— Halcyon No. 146.
Commercial Hotel— Olympus No. 189.
SAN JOSE NATIVE DAUGHTERS
WHO WILL AID IN WELCOMING
VISITING PARLORS.
. : • LONDON,; Sept. : 2.— News ' has . reached
London that the venerable : ¦William Pel
hamburn, Archdeacon of/- Norfolk, : has
been Wiled In the Tyrol. ---= ~J:^
Archdeacon of Norfolk Killed.
SYDNEY,. N. S. W.V Sept. 2.-A 1 masked
cyclist last night held up the "White Cliff s-
Hilcania mail coach, ; wounded a passen
ger, secured the mails and opals valued at
rVlOQ and escaped,, •^%' i
Masked Bobber Makes Big Haul.
LONDON, Sept. 2.— The Birmingham
Dally Post to-day says:. King Edward is
likely to confer a dukedom on Lord Salis
bury, at the t time of. his Majesty's corona
tion. . : ¦..¦¦: .
Salisbury May ; Become a Duke.
BE.RLIN, Sept 2.— Emperor William and
the foreign military, attaches to-day wit
nettfed a sham fight of the Garde du
Corps , regiments near here in lieu of the
customary autumn parade.
Kaiser Witnesses a Sham Battle.
court and trt m order prohibiting: others from
organizing fo* the eame purpose. They can
get an order prohibiting- workingmen from
retting other worklngmen to refrain from
working. The employers can organize to
crush labor, but others are forbidden to or
graniz*. I am opposed to government by In
junction, not that it is directed ' especially
against the iaboringman, but that it does away
with trial by jury. It Is a menace not only
to one class, but to all. It Is within the power
of the laboringman to do away 'with the
system.
Bryan condemned the action of the
South Carolina mill men who forbade
their men to celebrate Labor day or to
Join unions. > ¦ .'- -
Bryan went in a carriage from Electric
Park to Shawnee Park, Kansas City,
Kane., where he addressed an open-air
I meeting of 10,000 persons, going over the
game grounds as in this city. He raised
a laugh at the outset by taking- a position
sheltered from the sun. saying, "I've been
in the shade for several' months and Tax
used to it."
To-night Bryan made a short address
at the Democratic Club.
Parades in Many Places.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2.— Labor day was
observed in this city by a general suspen
sion of business. There was no parade
of labor organizations, the day being
given over to picnics and outdoor sports.
The air was chilly and rain fell at in
tervals.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2— Organized working
men in Chicago and vicinity celebrated
Labor day with .numerous picnics and a
huge parade. The parade was about three
TOiles in length and it is estimated that
25,000 trade unionists and musicians were
In line. The South Chicago steelworkers
who refused 'to obey President Shaffer's
order were not Invited to participate in
demonstrations. A feature of the parade
was the union label attached to every
garment, cap and shoe ' worn by the
marchers. A critical committee had seen
to It that the parade should represent
dyed-in-the-wool unionism and even the
horses were not allowed to march until
It was shown that their shoes had been
put on by union smiths.
Among the speakers at the picnics were
-Senators Mason and Cullom of Illinois,
Mayor Harrison and Samuel Altschuler.
former Democratic candidate for Gov
ernor of Illinois.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. Sept 2.— Labor day in
St. Louis was celebrated with tv/o great
parades that wound up with picnics and
lelcbrations attended by thousands of
taborlng men and their families. The
Building Trades Council parade was
!ormed in six divisions. This procession
Many Unions March.
ATLANTA, Ga., Sept 2.— Labor day
was celebrated here to-day on an elabor-
BIRMINGHAM, Ala., Sept. 2.— Labor
day was celebrated here to-day on a more
extensive scale than usual. More than
5000 men were in the parade. :...- t
RICHMOND, Va.. Sept. 2.— The Labor
day parade In Richmond was the largest
ever seen here. There were 4000 men In
line, most of them neatly and appropri
ately uniformed. Some flfteenor twenty
thousand people witnessed the demonstra
tion. - -. - - - • - i ¦ ; w i ' -
LEAVENWORTH, Kans., Sept 2.-La
bor day was generally observed in this
city by the closing of all business houses
during liHe afternoon. The various labor
organizations turned out and gave one
of the largest parades seen in this dty
for years. Excursions arrived from ail
near-by points. -
CAEBONDALE, 111., Sept. 2.— An un
usual feature of the Labor day celebra
tion at Murphysboro was the presence
for the first time, probably in a proces
sion of the kind, of ¦ members of the
Farmers' Union, an organization model
ed after trades unions and spreading
rapidly. The attendance to-day was
fully 12,000. . ».
DENVER, Colo., Sept. 2.— To-day's La
bor day parade in Denver was the larg
est on record for this city. The weather
was perfect, and about 7000 union men
were In line. The parade was followed
by a picnic and sports.
SALT LAKE CITY, Utah, Sept. 2.-La
bor day was celebrated in Salt. Lake City
by a parade. In which all of the labor
organizations took part, including the
employes of the big smelters, several
thousand men being in line. Public
speaking and athletic sports at the vari
ous parks were included in the afternoon
programme. Business houses generally
were closed.
Largest on Record.
OMAHA, Sept. 2.— Omaha, South Oma
ha and Council Bluffs joined in the La
bor day ceremonies to-day. There was a
parade composed of eight divisions, fol
lowed by sporting events, .picnics and
kindred events. The labor unions gath
ered at Krug Park, where there was a
programme of speeches and music.
marched to the Fair Grounds, where ath
letic sports were followed by speaking
and dancing.
The other procession, under the aus
pices of the Central Trades and Labor
Union, marched to Concordia Park, whero
there were athletic sports, speaking and
dancing. It Is estimated that fully 40,000
men marched in the two processions,
while at least 100,000 persons attended the
picnics and celebrations.
ALEXANDRIA. Ind., Sept. 2.— Labor
day in the gas belt was appropriately-cel
ebrated here to-day. Sixty towns in the
gas belt were represented In the parade.
It Is estimated there were 30,000 strangers
In the city. The immense parade of the
morning was followed in the afternoon by
addresses at Castle Grove, near the city.
TOPEKA, Kans., Sept. 2.— All business
was suspended to observe Labor day.
Several picnics of workingmen and labor
organizations were held. . In Plttsburg
30,000 workmen from Kansas and Missouri
attended the celebration. There was a
parade two miles long. Senator Burton
made an address at Atchison. The day
was generally observed in Kansas towns.
"WICHITA, Kans., Sept. 2.— All the fra
ternal societies in this city Joined with
the labor unions here to-day in a monster
parade and picnic at Riverside Park,
where competitive field sports were on the
programme. • - _ •- . ¦ ¦
DALLAS, Tex., Sept. 2.— Labor day was
celebrated here' more elaborately, than
ever. before. Three thousand men were in
line. All business was suspended.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., Sept. 2.— Labor day
parade in this city embraced about 2500
men in uniform, the greatest number on
record. The day was generally observed.
* LOUISVILLE, Ky., Sept. 2.— Labor day
was observed here with a parade this
afternoon,. with speeches and general ob
servances at the parks to-night- Fifty
one unions were represented in. the line of
parade and It is estimated that there were
5000 marchers.
KNOXVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 2.— To-day's
was the largest Labor day celebration
held in Knoxville In many years, • which
was perhaps due to the fact that two
union strikes are on here, the Street Rail
way Union and the Railway Machinists.
The parade was participated in by fully
2000 laboring men and women.
NASHVILLE, Tenn., Sept. 2.— Labor
day was celebrated with the largest and
most elaborate industrial parade in the
history of Nashville. I .
ate scale. Over 4000 persons participated
in the parade.
Continued From First Page.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 2.— The Labor
day celebration in Portland was decidedly
the greatest, in the : history of the city.
There were more than- 4000 men in the pa
rade/which was nearly an hour and a
half in passing a given point. Following
the parade literary exercises were held, at
which Governor Geer ' and ' Mayor H. • S.
Rowe delivered short addresses. The ora
tion of the day was delivered by H. W.
Scott, editor of the Oregonian. The cele
bration concluded with a ball to-night.-
SAN. JOSE, Sept. .2.— Labor '-day was
quietly observed here, the banks, all pub
lic buildings and many stores being closed.
The : only public demonstration was at
Alum Rock Park, where the Carpenters'
and. Millmen's unions held. a largely at
tended picnic ¦ . . .
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 2.— Labor day was
observed here by the closing of the banks
and public buildings.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 2.— The various
labor unions celebrated Labor day by pa
rading the downtown streets. Most of the
organizations were uniformed and were
represented -by handsome floats. It is es-.
timated that there were 4000 men in line.
FRESNO, Sept. 2.— All business was sus
pended to-day and all' stores closed from
10 a. m to 3 p. m. to permit a general ob
-servance of Labor day, the first in the
history of the raisin city. The celebra
tion was in charge of the newly formed
Council of the Federated Trades. A del
egation of fifty came up from.Bakersfield
and made ¦ up one of the three divisions
in the forenoon parade, of which \V. H.
Voorhees was the marshal. . All the local
unions paraded with .characteristic uni
forms and flowers. The printers were the
most attractive, their banners being car
ried by juvenile "devils" in red- and the
float showing an old-time Washington
handpress. After the parade there was an
open-air meeting and speaking in the
Courthouse Park. This afternoon there
was a band concert in the park and to- 1
night there Was a ball. - . , : >
TACOMA, Sept. 2.— Labor day was gen
erally observed here as a legal holiday.
Nearly all business houses were; closed.
There was a large ' parade of various
unions and the afternoon was devoted to
a programme of outdoor sports. To-night
there was a grand ball. : ..
Labor Bay Brings Out Fine Showing
of Unions' Strength,
OBSERVED IN COAST CTTTES.
The Aztec language, In use in Mexico at
the discovery of America, lacked the
sounds indicated by our letters b, d. t . g t
r, i, j and v.
International Tennis Hatch.
NIAGARA-ON-THE-LAKE Ont., Sept.
2.— The Niagara international tennJs
match was continued to-day. R. D. Little,
the holder of the international champicn
ship, successfully defended his titla
against E. P. Fischer of New York, the
challenger. The international challenge
trophy now becomes his personal prop
erty. Miss Marion Jones won the ladles*
international championship. The doub?es
were won by Little and Alexander in five
sets from Fischer and Hackett.
At 11 o'clock to-night Princ* Chun and
his entourage left for. Berlin by the im
perial special train. Before starting a
member of the mission said that Emperor
William had decided to waive the cere
mony of kowtowing and ; that the only
persona to be received by him in cere
monial audience would be Prince Chun
and YIng Chang. The member of the mis
sion in question said also that the mis
sion would remain in Berlin for a fort
night and had received and accepted In
vitations from the British. Italian, Amer
ican, Belgian and Japanese governments.
BERLIN, Sept. 2.— The Ostasiatische
Correspondenz asserts that Emperor "Wil
liam, of his own initiative, has had Prince
Chun Informed of his willingness to re
ceive him at once at Potsdam, accom
panied solely by an interpreter, and that
Prince Chun has replied thanking the
Kaiser for so graciously removing: tha
difficulty connected with the audience,
which will probably occur Wednesday or
Thursday. .. . I*
w
BASLE, Switzerland, Sept.- 2.— Frinca
Chun gave orders to-day for preparations
to be made to start for Berlin at U o'clock
to-night. He received one dispatch from
Berlin to-day and appeared to be waiting
for others.
Many houses in Bocas del Toro continu
ally fly American, British, German or
French flags to denote the neutrality of
their inhabitants. The Colombian Gov
ernment considers that the measures
taken there have been made necessary by.
the exigencies of the case. .
The local trade, which has been chiefly
in bananas sent to the United States. Is
virtually dead. Fruit steamers from Mo
bile and New Orleans are getting only
partial cargoes, the disturbed conditions
preventing work on the plantations. The
foreign element predominates in. the town,
Americans, Germans, British and Chinese,
in the order named. The United States.
Fruit Company of Boston owns many
banana plantations Jn the neighborhood.
The United States Consular agent in
Bocas del Toro has made an urgent ap
peal to the United States Consul in Colon
to send a gunboat. Commander Sargent
of the United States gunboat Machias is
fully Informed of the situation and If it
does not Improve shortly, the Machias will
probably proceed to Bocas del Toro. The.
Liberals on Provision Island say they
have in no way Interfered with or in
jured foreigners and that the Government
alone is responsible for ¦ the restrictions
laid upon commerce. .
The United States, French, British and
German consular agents in Bocas del Toro
told the Colombian commander there that
lf^the severe harbor restrictions Interrupt
ing commerce were not abated they would
call for gunboats. This resulted in a lim
ited improvement to harbor regulations
only.
Martial law prevails In Bocas del Toro.
The authorities have stopped communica
tion with other ports except Colon. They
have stopped local fishing and forbidden
passage along the streets after 8 o'clock
at night. Foreigners protest that the
measures adopted for harbor supervision
materially Injure commerce. Two "Ger
mans were sent to jail for expressing their
views too freely in a cafe and it needed
the intervention of the German Consul to
effect their release. .
Counting reinforcements the Govern
ment has about 170 men the$e and the
town can only be reached by very light
draught steamers through round-about
channels.
The Liberal position is strong and the
situation is likely to remain as It is until
one side or the other makes an attack.
Such an action would subject the attack-
Ing party to the severe fire of their op
ponents, as it would be necessary to pass
from Bocas del Toro to Provision Island.,
or vice versa, in small open boats. Neither
side is Inclined to take this risk. The
Liberals profess to believe that a procla
mation of the situation would result in a
withdrawal of the Government force from
Bocas del Toro. .
The Liberals express no desire or inten
tion to damage the town or to molest for
eigners or foreign vessels. There is easy
communication by mail with the land east
and -west of ¦ Bocas del Toro. Cannon,
arms and ammunition are obtained from
coast towns in Costa Rica and Nicaragua,
Bocas del Toro being about forty miles
from the Costa Rlcan frontier.
For more than a month the Liberals
have been threatening the town. About
a fortnight ago they improved their po
sition on Provision Island, about a mile
and a half from Bocas del Toro, which
also is on an island, and the opposing
forces have occasionally exchanged shots,
although, with the exception of one Ja
maican wounded, there have been no cas
ualties.;, Among the Liberals are several
who own property in Bocas del Toro.
COLON, Aug. : 31 l (Delayed by the cen
sor). — Bocas del Toro, flf teen miles from
Colon, is virtually besieged by the Lib
erals, or insurgents. They number at
least 200 and, as already, cabled, occupy
Provision Island, which is opposite the
town and commands the entrance. to the
harbor. .They are fairly well armed, pos
sessingtwo small modern cannon, as well
aB plenty of ammunition, and axe com
manded by a NIcaraguan. Among them
are many Nicaraguans and Costa Ricans.
Commanded by a Nicaraguan.
Force of Liberals Well Armed and
BOCAS DEL TOBO BESIEGED.
BERLIN, Sept- 2.— A- private dispatch
from Colon says many . laborers are ' be
ing discharged from the dbal mines and
industrial establishments,. owing to declin
ing business. The men discharged are
mostly Italians and Poles, who are ... re
turning home in transports. : .The weekly
decrease in the miners' wages, owing to
the cut downs, amounts to 400,000 marks.
MARACAIBO, Venezuela, Sept. 2.— Sums
of considerable Importance ' are trans
mitted regularly from London to Mara
caibo for General Uribe-Uribe, . that is to
say, for the Colombian revolutionists, by
a banker named Isauterdo : Stebin. who
formerly carried on business as a mer
chant in Colombia and - amassed a large
fortune. . • ,
CARACAS, Venezuela, Sept. 2.— The- Of
ficial Gazette to-day published. the mem
orandum of the Minister of Foreign Af
fairs to all friendly '- nations, jj explaining
the complaints made by ' Venezuela
against Colombia, - The case is considered
to be a casua belli. There Is much com
ment and excitement. • • - _'
The Chinese Special Mission
Leaves Switzerland on a
Special Train for Berlin.
Explains There Is Some. Cause
for Complaint Against
Colombia.
German Emperor Ready
to Grant Chun an
Audience.
So Claims in Statement
": .to All Friendly .
Nations.
WILLIAM WAIVES
THE KOWTOWING
VENEZUELA HAS
CAUSE FOR WAR
Rupture of Diplomatic Relations, Holding a Fete in
Honor of Sultan's Anniversary of Attaining the Throne
¦ ¦ * .
Result of Munir Bey's Return to Paris and, in Spite of the
HUNTINGTON, Ind., Sept. 2.— Banker
James M. Key of Andrews, against whom
many charges of forgery ahd fraud have
been made, pleaded guilty in the Circuit
Court to-day.
Banker Pleads Guilty to Forgery.
JACKSON, Ohio, Sept. 2.— As the result
cl a quarrel here yesterday John Ander
son was shot in the leg and abdomen and
will probably die, while Seth Pinken re
ceived a bullet in the shoulder, making a
serious wound. The two men were re
turning home from work and were set
upon by ten miners. A rfumber* of the
attacking party were \ shot, but '. their
names could not be learned.
Several Men Shot During: a Fight.
Munlr Bey will only return to Paris
against the wishes of the French Govern
ment unless the dispute Is settled.
PARIS, Sept. 2.— It is rumored to-night
that a naval division will be ordered to
Turkish waters to-morrow.
Make a Demonstration.
Stumor That French "Warships Will
ORDERED TO TTTRKISH WATERS.
CONSTANTINOPLE. Sept. 2.— M. Bapst,
Counselor of the French embassy, and
the other members of the embassy staff
took the guardshlp Vauter on an ex
cursion up the Sea of Marmora^in order
to avoid dressing the vessel as ttae other
warships in the harbor were dressed in
recognition of the anniversary of the
Sultan's accession to the throne, which
was celebrated yesterday. The members
of the embassy did not participate in the
congratulations of the diplomatic corps,
nor was the embassy illuminated.
Turkish officials received only 40 to 60
per cent of their salaries on the anni
versary of the Sultan's accession.
The report that the Sultan has appealed
to Germany to use her good offices to
settle the dispute' with France is con
firmed. Germany, It is understood, will
advise the Porte to settle with France as
soon as possible. '
Sultan. Appeals to Germany.
to compel Turkey to fulfill her entire
obligation. Unless the Sultan yields, he
will find the bill against him Increased by
a number of other outstanding claims of
Frenchmen, which will make an appreci
able addition to the sum now demanded.
PARIS, Sept, 2.— Th© result of
Munir Bey, the Turkish Ambas
sador, coming to France, in spite
of the rupture of Turkish-
French relations, and holding a
fete In an ' open manner at the Turkish
embassy yesterday In honor of the Sul
tan's anniversary of the coming to the
throne, has been that the French Govern
ment sent him, the same afternoon, a re
quest to leave France Immediately, and
Munlr Bey departed, for Switzerland that
evening. .
Munlr Bey ; will remain In Switzerland
until the- controversy, between the two
countries shall ' have . been settled.
Turkey's Internal Troubles.
Advices here from Turkey
Indicate a disquieting Internal situation.
Disorders and military uprisings are re
ported in Armenia, Macedonia and the
neighborhood of Mecca. The son of a
high functionary was carried off by bri
gands near Adrianople, who foughc a
bloody engagement with the troops sent
against them.
A dispatch from Salonica says that
Nourl Bey, ' aid de camp of the Sultan,
who was sent to Investigate the brigand
age in Albania, has been killed by
Albanians. | It is also said lhat the Turk
ish . troops, at rPrisrend, Albania and
Uskub are rioting because they have not
been paid. ' . ¦¦
M. Constans, the French Ambassador to
Turkey, had another conference with the
French Minister,. M. Delcasse, to-day;
The . Government of France is determined
Ogden's Dual Victory.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2.— A striking fea
ture of the day at Sheepshead was Og
deh's dual victory. He took up 130 pounds
and, won the second race,, a" six furlong
dash, beating Cameron a head after a
hard drive in the fast time of 1:13 1-5. He
was cooled out and sent to the post in the
last race, which he won cleverly by a
length.
% Stinson .Wins a Race.
BOSTON, - Sept. 2.— Will Stinson easily
won the'motor-paced'hour race at Charles
River Park this afternoon, covering 39
miles and 95 yards, a new hour record for
the park. Champion was second and Wal
thour last. . •>
TURKEY'S EMBASSADOR
IS 5ENT FROM FRANCE
SAN JOSE'S GUESTS WILL HAVE
TIME FOR NAUGHT BUT GAYETY
Native Sons and Daughters Hope to Eclipse All Former Celebrations
in the Garden City in the Magnitude of Their Programme for
the Entertainment and Enjoyment of Admission Day Visitors
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3. 1901
SAX JOSE. Sept. 2.— San Jose. Palo
Alto and Observatory parlors. Na
tive Sons of the Golden West, of
this city -will spend the next six
days In preparing to receive the
thousands of natives expected here to cel
ebrate Admission day. All Is bustlo
around the committee's headquarters and
nothing: Is being: left undone to make It
the greatest celebration of the kind in
this city. In 1S94 and 1SSS Admission dav
was celebrated here. The success of both
of these events Is still reverberating and
tbese who were here on either occasion
will come again. San Jose will outdo her
self this time.
About S8000 will be expended by the lo
fu« v f T }S re *** entertaining the visitors and
tnis jollity. In connection with the "open
house the various parlors will maintain,
assures a "roaring good time." The Cur
ly Bears and Augernauts. side orders of
the Native Sons, will meet and confer de
grees upon members. In the entire three
days there will be no lull In the festivi
ties, so that the visitors will have no
chance to become ennuled.
Music Will Not Be Lacking.
Music will not be lacking. More than
twenty bands and drum corps will be in
3
This morning we start a broken lot sale. It follows closely upon our sale of last week,
but our reasons are thus: The former sale was so extensive'that it left us with a number of
broken lots — only two, three and four suits of a pattern — and in order to clean up every-
thing, we have gone through the entire stock and put every line of broken lot suits and
overcoats in £his sale. The suits are medium weight worsteds and cheviots, and the sale
price now will be $6.55. The overcoats are excellent, well-made garments, and will go
You can have your money back if you would rather have it than the clothes. You can
afford to experiment, but you will want the clothes. Sale starts this morning.
A Special Sale in Youths' Suits
This is certainly a bargain week at our store. In addition to the above values in
men's clothes, we are having a sale for the young men — are offering some suits at a special
price merely to popularize this department and keep busy. We will keep these garments* in
repair free for a year — an unusual guarantee on youths' clothing.
The suits are fall: and. winter weight Odds, and ends from various lines in
tweeds ;and cheviots in single and double the children's department, comprising, sailors,
breasted sacks; the ages are from 12 to 19 vestdes,.Norfolks, Russian blouses and two-
years; former selling prices/ $10.00, $12.50 piece suits which sold from $4 to $8, are be-
• and $15.00; the special price is ..' ;¦' irig closed out at -^i^>;
A full line of boys'. and youths' sweaters Boys' knee pants, extra value, 50c a pair.
in swell patterns have just arrived at $1, -r-,,-. nprM i A vu.-* ..
<m en «o .Boys percale shirt waists, ages 4 to 10,
$1.50, $2. 25c each. -
Also sweaters for little tots from 3. to 6
years, $1 , $1 .50. „ B °y s \ extr a heavy double-knee hosiery,-
Large assortment of "Mother's Friend" P air -^
shirt waists, ages 4 to 12, prices 50c, 75c, $1 . -Boys' golf caps, extra value, 25c each.
A glance at our ' : T A lf\. jT\ B^T * u * - of- town or-
wlndows will al- Rm^ #^|.T»na/a 1«|§ g C* M &\ d8FS filled- write
ways prove inter- v™ JB # «WW % Fl PI f ft&l fa H H* us for anything: in
Resting, whether you -\^.'t. v> - » » ->^ B \jv men'sorboys* cloth-
need 'clothes, hats , •* - ' .;.;*¦,. , , ' i' mK^ \*^: Ing, furnishings or
or furnishings. 718 Market Street. * nats -COLOGNE, SeptJ 2.— A dispatch to the
Cologne Gazette from Teheran,, dated
August. 3V says:--. * .
New Loan Negotiations With Russia
REVOLUTIONARY MOVEMENT
GOING ON IN PERSIA
HAMMER-THROWING RECORD ;
IS BROKEN BT FLANAGAN
NEW YORK. Sept. 2.— At the annual,
Labor day athletic^meetlng .of the Great
er New York Irish T Amerlcan~*Athlettc As-"
sociation at Celtic /Park.' Long, % I$land
City, John Flanagan, the .champion 16
pound hammer thrower of the/; world,
added new figures t to his former record
by throwing the -missile 181; feet 9 inches,
breaking the former record by 2 feet $¦ 5
inches. Patrick :0'Connor, .a clubmate ; of .
Flanagan, who lately 'arrived : from Ire
land, failed to qualify in the running,
broad Jump, of "which he holds the record,
at 24 feet 11% inches. The climate. .has
not agreed with O'Connor, and to this he
attributes his failure. : ¦ i\ '<' -j :
Golf Record Broken
.CHICAGO, Sept. 2.— WJHiam/ Holabird
Jr., crack amateur golf: player., to : day
added more laurels to his generous . sUp
ply' by beating all amateur records 'at
Gl'envlew in defeating the Western open
champion, Lawrence Auchterlonc.v- who
attempted to beat the better ball of Hola
bird and H. J. Tweedie; the Belmont am
ateur. - - • . '¦¦'¦-' - v \ ''
Holabird made 71, which Is five strokes
betttr than the previous amateur record
made" recently by Bruce, D. Smith, and
Auchterlonc 4 up in eighteen holes. The
"better , ball", of- Holabird- and • Tweedie
beat Auchterlonc 5 up. Holabird's -card
was: •¦ - ; .*"'.¦ ¦ ¦¦ '1 ' 'A>.'. ¦ -,[
Out— 536, 444, 363— 38. , « " . ' .:
ln-434, 434. 434-33. >• Total, -71: ¦•• Ji \ .
Tweodle's score was 86.
The professional record for the course
is 70, held by Auchterlonc >. ,- ¦ : .
old»— Flatterer 110. : Pegalong 105/ Grafter 1M,
Eonle 109, David S 110,;,;., ' >- :' ;* .';.•;:
Sixth :' race,' one . mile. i.BeUlnp.'-four-ye&r-olds
and up— Sir Hampton 115, Sea Spray ' 103, ' Tor
elda 104, Kastaine 100, Coming Event 104,.Cas
dale 103. Merops 115. Burdock 115, Mike. Rice
Half-mile, professional — -Won by Major
Taylor, Worcester; John Fisher, Chicago,
second. Time, 3:27 4-5.
Two-mile handicap, professional— Won
by W. A. Rutz. New Haven (150 yards):
John Bedell. Lynnbrook. L. 1. (150 yards>
second; Arthur Ross, Harrison, N. J. (160
yards), third. Time, 3:57 4-5.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2. — Major Taylor
easily won the professional half-mile at
the Vailsbury, N. J. track to-day from
John Fisher. Joe Nelson of Chicago made
a mile in 1:37 In an exhibition ride, motor
paced. Summary:
Taylor Wins Easily.
This wonderful showinsr was made In a
match game. Julius Levy, P. F. Nolan
and his son Leo were pitted against F.
Teitjen, G. Green and A. Stolle, the lat
ter a Sacramento expert- .
. With two games each to their credit the
match was declared a draw in honor of
young Nolan's performance. Four years
ago he did similar work In the same alley.
In a match game of bowls played at
Bartlett Springs last "Wednesday a record
of twelve successive ; strikes or the pos
sible 300 was made by Leo Nolan of tha
Olympic Club.
He Scores Twelve Successive) Strikes
While Playing at Bartlett >
Springs.
The gap between the north and south
ends of . the line, is now about fifteen
miles, and' it is expected to receive the
first through message by wire from Daw
son about September 15.
_The telegraph stations on the line are
Bennett, Cariboo Crossing Tflc-Uh
White Horse. Lake . Lebarg^ H^ffiS'.
qua. Little Salmon, Five Fingers, Sel
kirk. Selwyn, Stewart River, Ogilvie and
Dawson. From Dawson the . wire con
tinues 93% miles to the boundary line to
connect with the United States telegraph
Hne to St. , • Michael and Cape Nome.
There are also telegraph stations at At
lin, Pike River, Nakina. Telegraph Creek
and many other points from there to
Quesnel and Ashcroft.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Sept. 3.-It is ex
1^ T« lthln tWO weeks messages
will be .traveling over the 2000 mile Do
minion Government telegraph line con
necting \ ancouver with Dawson City and
the northern gold fields
Commenced in April, 1900, the telegraph
£ n ™u aS en , bullt f rom Ashcroft to
Hazelton, Hazelton to Atlin, Atlin to
Dawson and Dawson to Fort Egbert on
the Alaskan boundary line. Spur lines
have also been run to Fort Simpson, to
the Omineca gold fields and other point?
forced . to .work in snow, five feet deerj
and at an altitude of 3750 feet. BetweeS
seventy-five and eighty experienced tele
nfn^i -construction men have been em
S fwiS 69 a large number of pack
fh 11 } U1 l l he exception of the section uf
& e "ne- between. Ashcroft and Quesnel
225 miles, and the Da wson-Atlin section
the construction party had to cut its own
f^d- k e e r e^Vo?e U S nd Wlre ' tOOls anS
The total distance of - the line from
\ ancouver to Dawson is 2173 miles. I™
addition to this a spur line from Hazel
ton to Port Simpson. 198^ miles. -has been
built and is already in operation 9
'Along the line forty-seven telegraph
ftf" 01 » a nd :"nesmen-8 .louses have been
KS \ \J^ Se h K U . ses are forty miles apart
and midway between each is a refuge
house, so that in! the event of a break
down .on any section the men at either
end can travel down till thev find the
break, meet .and, spend, the night- at the
fio 1 rfTh a e 5 'nex? 1 I a V-. retUrnlng tO their sta!
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N.
W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 2.— General
Arthur MacArthur, until recently military
governor of the Philippines, believes that
within six months it will be safe to begin
a gradual reduction of the military force
in the islands. Until that time he thinks
it will be prudent to maintain 40,000 troops
there.
"Aside from one or two guerrilla bands
now operating there Is no semblance of
organized warfare against the United
States." said General MacArthur. "There
is one gToup of insurrectionists prosecut
ing predatory campaigns in Southern Lu
zon, hi the island of Samar there is an
other which is operating under similar
conditions: Centered about these two
bodies of men there is a good deal of
fighting, but it Is all hit and run with
the insurrectionists and cannot last much
longer. ¦ . . ¦
"'lheve is alsp some disorder in Bohol,
and possibly in one of the lesser islands
of the archipelago, but It is not extensive
or very serious and will soon be smothered
by the American forces." • _
General MacArthur says 'that the Fili
pinos are satisfied t.ith the new civil gov
ernment and it does not seem possible
that any further trouble of a general
character can ensue. He says there aie
all kinds oi chances for all sorts of busi
ness and professional men ih the islands.
General MacArthur says that nearly all
Filipinos are exceedingly. anxious to learn
English- and the children are remarkably
apt.puoiis. He looks to the. schools to
make good citizens of the rising genera
tion of the islanders. , ,, *'
Agulnaldo, according to General Mac-
Arthur, has been quite a surprise, to the
Americans since his capture. They have
found him to be a great deal more of a
man than they first thought'he was... Gen
eral MacArthur thinks he has accepted
American supremacy as inevitable and Is
now satisfied with the manner in. which
affairs of the islands are being conducted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Sept. 2. — There were appro
priate ceremonies In the palace this
morning at the inauguration of Dr. Pardo
de Tavera> and Benito Legardo as mero
bers of the Philippine Commission. Joae
E. liuzariaga, the third Filipino member,
was to have taken the Dath of office at
the same time, but was unable to do so
o-wlns to illness.
Civil Governor Taft said to-day that
the ceremony does not fully complete the
Government the President intends form
ing, but sufficient has been done to show
¦the nature of the policy to be followed.
Municipal governments have been gener
ally formed of a substantially autono
mous character. Their officers are entire-^
ly natives. The provincial governments arc
partly American and • partly Filipino.
Now the Philippine Commission is part
ly American and partly Filipino, it being
the purposo of the President to form a
government in which the native element
will be able to voice the desires of the
people, their local aspiration? and neces
sities and give, the Filipinos an example
of American institutions and the cus
toms and laws prevailing in the United
States. The happiness of the people will
result from practical government and
not from theories on the part of many
of these gentlemen to appear to desire Jo
multiply the difficulties of the Govern
ment by creating new parties to embody
political theories when they might more
profitably advance their country's wel
fare by .devotipg .their, time and talents
to ; amending-and: improving the Iaw8 of
the legally constituted body.. There will
be time enough for theories when the
Government is 'running smoothly. Yester
day, was the- anniversary of the beginning
of,. . legislative . work. , The committee
have- worked hard and much will have
been •accomplished if they feel they have
advanced ' with the ; .. same progression
a year hence . and . will be assured of -the
success , of .their .efforts. ' • ..-'.¦
.Dr.'de Tavera, said "that hardly had the
people begun to appreciate -the work of
pacification than' they were accorded, the
institutions, of peace. The enemy of the
'before -began the next morning
tp aid -their adversaries in building roads
and rouses and'lntroduclng arts of peace.
The day .was' riot far distant when' the
Filipinos would *enter ' a legislative body
for the , islands.- elected; by the people.
Conditions prevent the election atpres
ent;;:,.The.'Fillplnos consider to-day to be
solemn and : grand, 'because it is the first
time, they have i been, given part In,:the
supreme 0 Government. They , believe that
the 'day is 'coming -when the American
constitution' as a whole, without amputa
tions, will be planted here, as the flag
now -is. ¦¦>¦:¦. '; ¦ : ¦¦¦¦•¦¦,¦•¦ ";'-.. ¦¦:••---.¦¦ ')¦¦¦•',
.The other Commissioners also took the
oath of offlce^v •.;-• ¦• . .¦¦¦•¦ • •
Three . Native Members
Added to Philippine
Commission.
Mac Arthur Would Begin
Withdrawal of Troops
From Islands.
Weeks.
Line From Vancouver to
Be Finished in Two
MAY TELEGRAPH
TO DAWSON SOON
LEO NOLAN MAKES A
RECOED IN B0WLHTQ
BUTTE. Mont., Sept. 2^-Thls was the last
day of the races, the "getaway" day. There
were nine events on the programme and the
last was run almost in the darkness. Being
Labor Day, the J crowd was enormous. Sum
mary:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Ace won.
Limb of the Law second, Primer third. Time,
1:10.
Second race, four and a half furlongs—Con
stable won. Swift Light second, K. C. third.
Time, :56.
Third race, five and a half furlongs — Miss
Madeline won, Gllssando second, Mr. Robinson
third. Time. 1:09. .
Fourth race, one mile and an eighth — Rosor
monde' won. Windward second. Ada N third.
Time. 1:57%. ¦ " ¦ :
Fifth race, one mile— Spike won. Montallade
second, Donator third. Time. 1:43%. I
Sixth race, one mile, gentlemen riders— Phil 1
Archibald won, St. Anthony second, Guilder
third. Time, 1:54. . .
Seventh race, five and a. half furlongs — Hattie
Perkins won, Jlin Brownell second, Peg Along
third. Time, 1:10.
Eighth race, three furlongs— Joe D won, Gra
ham Green second, Honest John third. Time,
:35. '
Ninth race, one mile and three furlongs, five
hurdles— Rainier won, Favorito second, Charles
Le Bel third. Time, 2:34.
FORT ERIE, Ont., Sept>5.— Summary:
First race, six and a hj»lf ' furlongs — Golden
Harvest won, Lady Silver second, Drogheda
third. Time. 1:24V4.
Second race, two-year-olds, five furlongs-
Wire In won, Artificial second, Ardita third.
Time. 1:04%. .
Third race, three-year-olds and up, one mile
— Gray Dally won,' Hieaway second. Lady Ezell
third. Time, 1:47.
Fourth race, selling, two-year-olds, five fur
longs—Mowich won. Similar second, Hattie Da
vis third. Time, 1:04.
- Fifth race, selling, three-year-olds and up
ward, one mile and a sixteenth — Sara Gamp
won. Infallible second, Zolo third. Time, 1:53.
Sixth race, selling, four-year-olds and upward,
six . furlongs— Myrtle Van won, Tyrba second.
Prince Bsher third. Time, 1:17.
NEW YORK, Sept. 2.— Sheepshead Bay sum
mary:
.First race, steeplechase, handicap, two and a
half miles— Fulminate won, Sir Hubert second,
The Bachelor third. Time, 5:30.
Second race, six furlongs— Ogden won, Cam
eron second. Bellario third. Time, 1:13 1-5.
Third race, five furlongs— Arsenal won, Mas
terman second. King Hanover third. Time,
:59 1-5.
Fourth race, Twin City Handicap, one mile
and a quarter — Herbert won. Terminus second.
Trigger third. Time. 2:07.
Fifth race, selling, five and a half furlongs—
Schwalbe won, Eddie Busch second, O'Hagen
third. Time. 1:06.
Sixth race, one mile and a sixteenth on turf—
Ogden won, Monarka second, Kinnlkinnlc third.
Time, 1:48. "
ST. LOUIS, Sept. 2.— KInlock Park summary:
First race, one mile and seventy yards, sell
ing — Plead won. Countess Clara second, Mus
kalonsre third. Time, 1:48.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Braw Lad
won, Kitty G second. Hop Scotch third. Time,
1:15^4
Third race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
\rigato won, Stella Perkins second. Ravens
bury third. Time. 1:08%.
Fourth race, one mile and a sixteenth, purse
—Love's Labor won. Enghurst second, Aloha
II third. Time, l:48Vi.
Fifth race, six and a half furlongs— Sevoi
won, W. B. Gates second. Mrs. Brunell third.
Time, l:21Vi-
Sixth race, one mile, selling — Chorus Boy won,
Monos second, J. Collins third. Time, l:43»i.
ST. LOUIS. Sept. 2.— Delmar Park summary:
¦ First race, four and a half furlongs, purse
Clarena won, Fuarurtha second, Wy Ap Per
third. Time, -,".56U.
Second race, six furlongs, selling— Charles E.
Bllllngsley won, Warren Point second, Teucer
third. Time, 1:18.
Third race, five and a half furlongs, purse —
Sambo won. Talpa second, Harry Shaffer third.
Time. l:08U.
. Fourth race, six furlongs. Belling— Lady Cur
zon won, Horseshoe Tobacco second, Grandma
II third. Time. l:15U- -
Fifth race, Labor Day Handicap, one mile
and seventy yards — Monograph won. Peaceful
second, Ida Ledford' third. -Time. 1:45.
Sixth race, one mile, selling— Van Hoorbeke
won. Revoke second, Prima II third. Time.
Seventh race, one mile and twenty yards, sell-
Ing— Ignis won, - Satin Coat second, Tlckful
third. Time, 1:43%.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2.— Harlem summary:
First race, six furlongs— Master Mariner won,
Ranco second. Alee third. Time, 1:13 2-5.
Second i race, five furlongs — Hargls -won
Pronta second. Jack Ratlin third. Time l'Ol 1-5
Third race, steeplechase, full course— Donation
won, Flaccus second. Time. 5:09 1-5. No othero
Fourth race. Prairie State stakes, one mile
and »an eighth— Odnor won. Strangest second
Star Chamber third. Time. 1:53.
Fifth race, one mile, handicap— Federal won
Robert TVaddell second. The Pride third. Time'
1:39 1-5. * •
. Sixth race, six furlongs, purse— Miss Bennett
won. .Henry of Franstamar second. Gonfalon
third. Time. 1:13 3-5. •
Seventh race, one mile and a hundred yards.
Felling— Espionage won, Searcher second, Synia
third. Time, 1:45 3-5. ;.'.
: v NEW YORK. Sept. 2.— A number of year
lings, the property of .Charles Fleischman's
Sons, were sold at auction to-day at Sheeps
head Bay. J. Flelschman paid -top price of
12100 for the Halma-Miss Lilly colt.
• The. brown colt by Ornament-Imported Judith
the property of William Field. Lexington, was
sold to T. Wash for $2000. •• ¦ •
HOUSES THAT CBOSSED
wftlE IN FIBST PLACE
wonderful work of Cronln's puppi
Tralee Boy in winning a sixty-four-doi
open stake where old and seasonec
hounds were his opponents gives an ide*
of the class of dogs that are competing ii
the Futurity.
er that many think will be knocking at
the door when.last honors are being dis
tributed. Royal Archer classes with th«
best of the. lot when speed is considered
and has shown well In his 1 work. If In
the big event the youngster overcomes his
fault of hesitating: the hopes of Royal
Archer's backers may be realized.
SAFE TO REDUCE
AMERICAN FORCE
fTf^ HIS year's Futurity stake for
I greyhounds is to be held at Union
I Coursing Park on the dates orig
1L inally scheduled, the Admission
day holidays, and local leashmen
are according):' jubilant.
The long-odds book has been patronizeB
quite freely by these who are anxious to
get early prices on their favorites.
The entry list of this rich event of the
leashman's calendar is made up of the
best of the highly bred youngsters of the
FILIPINOS TAKE
OATH OF OFFICE
In Royal Archer, a For Freedom-Daisy
Hill puppy, J. H. Rosseter has a perform-
Aeolus has found many backers since a
recent satisfactory try-out with Beacon
and is now at the head of the list of fa
vorites.
season of 1900. Earlier in the year it
seemed the For Freedom-Amarosa litter
had a strong lead for first money. Since
then the seekers of knowledge have been
able to get a line on some of the other
contestants and in most instances the re
sult has brought out other favorites.
Babbitt was first up and he sampled
''Ham's" dewdrop for a two-base smash
to the center field fence. He scored later
on "Truck's" single past second.
The Dutch would have scored in the
third had not Nordyke run Into a batted
ball. He was on second and started to
steal third and ran Into Schwartz's single
past short. Nprdyke went home on the
hit. but was declared out. When the in
n'ng closed the youth who tacks up num
bers in right garden put up an extra run
for Frisco. Then there was a howl. Scor
er McFarlln rang his bell frantically and
the bright youth made it 3. He was about
to put up a figure 4 when Schwartz came
to his rescue.
Arrellanes robbed Hildebrand of a two
base hit by making a high jump and pull
ing the ball down with one mitt. This
spectacular catch in a measure retrieved
his poor playing of the previous day.
"Youngey" Johnson was in his element
during the game. His cheery remarks
were apropos, as his team led all the way.
An Oakland fan rewarded him with $3.
The score:
SAN' FRANCISCO.
AB. R. BH. SB. TO. A. E.
Xordyke, lb 5 1 3 0 10 0 0
Wilson, c 5 0 1 0 S 1 0
Schwartz, r. f 4 0 1 0 0 0 0
Brockhoff. c. f 4 0 0 0 3 0 1
Hildebrand. 1. f 4 1 1 0 S 0 0
Ehea. ss 4 12 0 14 3
Krugr. 2b 4 0 2 0 4 2 1
Rellly, 3b 4 0 0 0 1 2 0
Iburg. p 3 0 0 0 0 3 0
Total 37 y 3 3 0 R 13 ~5
OAKLAND.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
Babbitt, ss 4 13 0 2 4 2
Moskiman. r. f 5 110 4 0 1
Eagan. 3b 6 3 3 1110
Drennan. c. f 8 2 3 1 1 0 0
Lohman. lb 5 2 4 1 13 0 0
Dunleavy, I. f 5 13 13 0 0
Arrellanes, 2b 5 1 2 1 3 8 0
Hanson, c 4 10 0 0 10
Hcdson, p 5 0 0 0 0 2 1
Totals 45 13 17 5 26* 11 4
•Nordyke hit by batted ball.
RUNS AND HITS BY INNINGS.
San Francis-ro ..10000000 2—2
Base hits 2 0 110 0 10 4 — 9
Oakland 2 0 0 10 0 3 4 0— !2
Base hits 3 0 1 0.0.0 4 7 3—17
SUMMARY.
Runs responsible for — Ibu-sr. 10; Hodion, 2,
Three-base hits — Drennan. Hildebrand. - Two
base hits— Babbitt. "Wilson. Lohman <2>. Dren
nan, Eagan. Sacrifice hit— Lohman. First ba?e
on errors— San Francisco, 3; Oakland. 4. First
base on called balls— San Francisco, 1: Oakland.
6. Left on bases — San Francisco, 8; Oakland. 14.
Struck out— By Iburs. 4. Hit by pitcher—Han
sen. Double plays— Arrellanes to Lohman. Iburg
to "Wilson to Nordyke; Krug to Nordyke.
Passed ball— Wilson. Time of game— two hours.
Umpire— Rube Levy. . Official scorer— McFarlln.
The Dudes entered the game with a
team that resembled a piece of patch
work. Streib'3 and Franck3' absence
made It necessary for "Mother" Lohman
to play first. But they played winning
ball from start to finish.
On the other hand, Hodson pitched
great ball for eight innings only, allowing
the local men five hits. In the ninth he
eased up and was landed on for four safe
ones.
The story of yesterday's game Is a sim
ple one. "Ham" Iburg put them over
and Cal Ewing's collection swatted the
ball. When the trouble subsided it was
found that "Ham" had been touched up
for seventeen hits, and a majority of
these swats were three-baggers and two
basers. Iburg certainly pitched a
wretched game. He walked six and only
fanned four. The Dutch did not give him
gilt-edged support.
Oakland 12, San Francisco 3.
_^ "Won. Lost. Per ct
Sa.n Francisco 60 44 577
Los Angeles 47 48 '4J5
Sacramento 46 49 Vrt
Oakland 45 57 '.w.
Joe Bernstein has been invited by the
Sacramento Athletic C!ub to come to the
fight next Thursday night and challenge
the winner of the Solly 8mith-"Kld" Mc-
Fadden bout. Bernstein will leave to
morrow for the capital and make his defi
from the . ringside. It is the purpose of
the club to bring the bout off the follow
ing week.
Manager Bangs, who is looking after the
Interests of "Kid" Carter, will depart for
the East in a few days. It lies with the
Twentieth Century Club whether he takes
Carter with him. He has half a promise
that this club will give him another match
next monfi and If Manager Gleason will
assure him that Carter can fight the win
ner of the Walcott-Gardner right he will
send the "Kid" to Ed Wilson's ranch to
recuperate and rusticate. He claims that
Carter was not himself when he fought
Gardner. He does not want to take any
credit away from the winner of last
week's fight, but believes that Carter, in
good condition, can defeat his .last op
ponent. Carter was around town yester
day and bears evidence of having been, in
a fistic battle. He shows, however, no ill
effects from the terrible beating he re
ceived.
Mike Maher vs. George Doherty. 105 pounds,
lour rounds; Tommy West vs. Willie Borne,
119 pounds, four rounds; Jack McDonald vs.
Jo* Brads haw, 115 pounds, four rounds; Al
I>uffy ve. Bob Thompson, 120 pounds, four
rounds; Ernest Wilson vs. Paul Martin. 123
pounds, four rounds; Fred lenders vs. George
Eralatz, 126 pounds, four rounds; Pete Mc-
Gee vs. Charles Peterson, 135 pounds, four
rounds; Cyclone Kelly vs. Jim Daly. 148
pounds, four rounds. Alex Greggains, referee.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
give Its monthly amateur exhibition on
Friday evening next. The following card
will be presented:'
Southside Club Events.
Britt is one of the hardest hitters on
the coast. He has won two tournaments
and is picked by his clubmates to beat
Toy. The latter Is a. brother of Eddie Toy.
a local boxer, who is making a name for
himself in Colorado. The bout between
Berger and Foley is a special one. They
fought in the last tournament and the
decision of the referee being unsatis
factory the directors of the club awarded
Berger a handsome watch. Berger is con
ceded to be one of the cleverest boxers on
the coast. Foley is also shifty with his
xnits and is a strong young fellow. Leon
ard is featherweight champion of- the
coast. He has fought In many tourna
ments and has always captured a prize.
"Jack" McCarthy and Dan Barry fought
before the Bay City Athletic Club some
months ago and the bout was declared a
draw after the hottest kind of lighting.
The fights will be free to members and
outsiders may gain admittance by paying
a 60.
James Britt vs.' "Billy" Toy; Sammy Ber
ger vs. Harry Foley; Jack MoCarthy vs. Dan
Barry; "Spider" Joe Welch vs. "Kid" Par
ker: Joe Lrtindy vs. "Billy" McDonald, and
Willie Leonard against some clever amateur
featherweight.
Sammy Berger Clem Millward, Willie
Leonard, Jimmy Britt and one or two
other boxers are ¦ training • faithfully at
the Olympic Club for the coming tourna
ment, which Is scheduled for the even
ing of September 16.— Leader John A.
Hammersmith has signed some of the
best amateurs in this city 'for the night's
entertainment. The club will present
handsome trophies to the winners in each
contest. Among the matches likely to
be brought off are the following:
Olympic Club Bouts.
Walcott is popular with local ring
' goers. On his last visit to this city he
was defeated by "Kid" Lavigne after the
hardeist kind of a. battle. Walcott then
showed pluck, and might have continued
to the end had he not been afflicted with
cramps In the legrs. Since his defeat the
colored boxer has gone around the coun
try winning bouts and flinging challenges
In the face of Tom Sharkey, who has al
ways ignored him. |
. Jack Welch will referee the fight. He
is the expressed choice of Tom O'Rourke,
and as he is liked by Gardner and his
manager, Greggains, there is no doubt
that he will t>e chosen. Further than
this, Welch is the official referee of the
San Francisco Athletic Club. * .
A battle between -Gardner and Walcott
should be worth Beelng 1 . They will box
twenty rounds for a decision, and, judg
ing by their past performances, their
bout should be extremely interesting.
Gardner will surely be a favorite over his
colored opponent by reason of his clean
cut victory over "Kid" Carter. It will
be remembered that the "Kid" won from
Walcott on a foul after he had battered
the colored man to his heart's content.
George Gardner's next opponent will be
Jo© Walcott, better known aa the "Bar
badoes wonder." These two boxers will
bettle the latter part of this month belora
th« San Francisco Athletic Club. Man
ager Greggalns yesterday received a tele
gram frqm Tom O'Rourke, who is looking:
after "Walcott's interests, to the effect that
the terms were satisfactory and to send
on the tickets. If O'Rourke does not
change his mind they will start immedi
ately for this city. •
The running fields were below medi
ocrity. Decoy went to the post a C to 5
choice for the seven arid a half furlong
run and won all the way with the Eastern
rider, Foucon, up. Rinaldo. played from
threes to 3 to 2. led Canejo out for place
honors.
Following this came the unexpected
victory of Narra G. a 10 to 1 shot, in the
five and a half furlong sprint. Kitty
Kelly held the place of honor. in the bet
ting, • but Foucon succeeded- !n getting
Into all manner. of trouble and ran un
placed. Narra G easily- took the lead,
beating Good Hope and Vantine.
About the most highly touted piece of
racing hardware was Rubina. backed
from twos to 7 to 10 in the sharpshootinrj
done on the five furlong dash for 2-year
olds. Foucon met with more ill luck on
this voyage and fell . easy game to Ed
Lanlgan's Hainault. second:" choice. Mc-
Carthy rode the winner. The victor won
off by himself In 1:01 flat, finishing like a
good one. McCarthy also had the leg up
on Lost Girl, a 6 to 5 choice for the final
six furlong run. He missed a difficult
masse shot opposite the paddock, and
Whaleback, with Burlingame up, ran out
on him.
Summaries:
First race. Occident stake for foals of 1S38,
heats, three in live, value $2195.
Italia, b. f., by Zombro-Concha (W.
8. Maben) •. 1 i \
Commander Muckle, b. c, by McKin
ney <Ward) 3 2 S
Charles H. br. g.. by Lynmont <\V.
Hogoboom) 2 dls
Delia McCarty. b. f., by McKinriey
(Doran) ; dls
Time, 2:?5. 2:23%. 2:27U.
Second race, pacing-, 2:12 claim-, heats, three
In five, purse $500.
El Diablo, ch., g., by DiablO-EI
v.-ood (Farrar) 4 111
John A. br. h., by Wayland W
(Mastln) -. 5 2 2 r.o.
Edna R. b. m., by Sidney (Mul
holland) 3 4 3 r . o .
Dictatrefs, ch. m. f by Dictatus
(Vance) g 5 4 ro
Margaretta. br. m., by Direct
{Lafferty) 1 7 dls.'
Wild Nutllnr. br h.. by Wildnut
fDonathan) 2 3 dis
Floiacita. b. m.. fcy Red- Cloak
(Judd) 7 sdls
Queen R, b. m., by Redondo ' #
(Ward) dls.
Tirae. 2:13, 2:14, 2:13V». 2:20%.
Third race, running, seven and a half fur
longs, selling, purse $225. =-
George Miller's b. g. Decoy. Hi, by imp
Decelver-Nantucket (Foucon), 6 to 5.. 1
Rinaldo. 112. b. g.. by Leonatus-Dahlla
(Hoar), 3 to 3. ! «
Canejo, 109, ch. m., by Royal Flush-Lady "
Emma (Russell), 10 to 1 ;.. 1 3
Time. l:K'i. '"'
Galanthrs 106. Pongo 109. Ringmaster 112,
Ml Cord 107 and McFarlare 112 also ran.
Fourth race, five and a half furlonss, cell-
In«r. purse t2~Jh.
J. S. Gibson's b. f. Narra. G, 101, by Blooms
burs-Czarina (Howron), 10 to 1.... 1
Good Hcpe, 114. ch. m.. by Colonel Clark-
Gretltudc fMcCertby), -2 to 1.....V 2
Vantine. K8. ch. in., by Imp. Anchorlte-
Vfstlna <Dall), 5 to 2 ;
Time, 1:07.
Kitty Kelly 1J4, Eva G 81, Phlegon 105 and
Katie Walcott 102 also ran.
Fifth race, j five . furtonjrs, two-year-olds,
pur'e JT25.' ' * ' • ' "
E. Lcultftjt'* b>\ g. Hairault. 113, by St.
Carlo-r^lbbertifllbbet (McCarthy). 3' to 1 1
Rubina. J.14. ch g:.. by Star Ruby-Tcrslna
(Koucon). 7 to 10. .-......-.„.... ;. 2
Quadra, 1CS, ch. f.. by Prestonpans-MIss Be
linda (Kurtell;, 20. to 1 3
' - • ' ' Tirre, 1:01. - . . ?: .
I'orous IIS. Gypsy Boy 113. Colonel Smith
1CR. Flattered 105. Sol 413. Redan 112 and Quiet
113 also ran.
Sixth race, s!x''*urlorigs, Eclllng, purse $225.
H. Whitman's br. g. Whaleback. 112, by
Dunoornbe-Orange Lsaf- (Burlinsanae), 6
to 1 "..-.'. ...'.....;....• e. 1
Lost Girl. ch. m., 109, by Sobrante-Neliie K
(McCarthy). S to 5.-....^, ....:. ./.... •....:•
Mamie Hildreth. 'b. -in..- 103, by Thornhlll-
Mamie H iTullett). ,7 to 1.. .........: 3
Time. .
June ll*. Lief Prince 106. Artilla 109, Bob
Palmer 101. Heraldp 112. Mountain Dew 109
and Roundhead 98 also ran.
Notes of the Meeting.
Tullett rode Mamie Hildreth, and the
race ought to do the mare a world of
good.
Yellow JJorsey has; regained his health
and performed good work as assistant -to
Brooks. The latter's work gave general
satisfaction. ¦ .?,.-, * ¦
The public has tired of short sprints,
and some, longer races would give more
satisfaction. -•' - ¦ .
Walter Jennings Is lamenting 1 the loss
of his crack colt Canmore. The 3-year
old was ailing after his trip out from
Chicago, .and died at Agricultural - Park
this : forenoon. >He was at one time con
sidered a promising American Derby can
didate. , ....
Following is the programme of events
for- to-marrow:* • , • •
First rrace,- pace. 2:20 class, S In l 5— B. ' S.
Dillon. MldnlRht. Advertiser. Nellie I. Our
Boys' Sister. Diahleta, Mtramonte, Bankers'
Daughter.
Second race. trot. 2:*0 class) 3 in 6— Nora Mc-
Kinney. Corneliu* D. Lady Granard Albert
K. Almonada. Black Bart. Peter Jackson.
Prince U Pearl ,K. Lucy G, Walling, Flo
Kenna; Rosalind.- ".
Third race, purse, two-year-old class, eleven
sixteenths— Ri^ln 101. Inocenela 110. Charetto
101, Roselaw 105. Flo Culver 103, Fred Atter
bery 101. Glendennlnff 113. ¦ ......
Fourth race, six furlongs.' Flash stake-
Flush of Gold 112, Roundhead — , Narra O 106
M^ehanus 122. Byron Rose 106. True Blue 115.
Fifth race, three-quarters, selling, three-year -
Undoubtedly the leading fixture of the
programme, the Occident Stake for 3
>ear-old trotters, with a gross value of
$2195, of which amount the winner took 60
per cent, proved a very mild contest. Only
four warmed up for the word and Italia,
a' daughter of Zombro, driven by the
clever southern reinsman Walter Maben,
won In straight heats, not being asked to
step below 2:23%. Commander Muckle
secured second money, while Charles H
and Delia McCarty bunted their heads up
against the distance nag.
. In the second heat Charles II was sent
away when completely off. his stride,
causing some adverse comment. If offi
cials in the stand wish to see the cob
webs brushed on* the harness sport they
should pay more attention to the per
nicious practice of laying up heats. El
Diablo ruled favorite for the 2:12 pace,
and, after finishing fourth in the opening
heat, went out and made his company
look like broken down buck and wing
dancers. Margaretta annexed the first
heat in 2:13 after a fierce drive with Wild
Nutling, Lafferty showing at his best.
In the third heat^she was distanced. Ac
cording- to the conditions, a horse not
winning a heat in three went to the barn.
This left the fourth heat a walk-over for
the first choice.
Two harness and four running events
were decided over a course fast for the
runners but slow for the hooked-up
horses. Favorites divided honors with
outsiders, with the books, four in num
ber, well satisfied with the skirmish. The
auction box also did some business. P.
W. Covey acted as presiding and start-
Ing judge, assisted by Ben Rush and C. E.
Paine.
J. W. Brooks dispatched the running
fields. <
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 2.— Not for years
has such a. crowd jammed its way through
the turnstiles of Agricultural Park as the
one that attended the opening of the
forty-eighth " annual State Fair to-day.
Amusements- were, provided, for old and
young and it seemed like a real old-fash
ioned gingerbread ' and ' pink lemonade
gathering. The weather -was warm and
for those who did not care to speculate on
the racing events a barbecue and dance
were furnished on the inner field, with
races for the small boys. These two at
tractions proved especially magnetic
cards and the fresh -quarters of sizzling
beef disappeared like snowballs at a
Yuma pink tea. Nearly, all of the big
business houses closed in the afternoon'
and after labor had demonstrated its
strength in an imposing parade through
the main streets nearly everybody Jour
neyed to the track, the grandstand being
well filled. So too, was, the rural visitor
prominent ¦with his vehicle.
NEW YORK. Sept. 2.— To-day was an
other day of rest and recreation for the
Shamrock's crew. With the exception of
washing down decks and overhauling rig
ging during the early morning, no work
was performed by the green yacht's sail
ors. In the afternoon they attended the
games and foot races held by the artil
lerymen stationed at Sandy Hook.
Weather permitting, a spin will be taken
outside to-morrow, when the Erin arrives
from Newport. • .
Then the breeze came up again and the
Columbia once. more shot ahead. Shortly
after the race was called off, with the
Columbia well in the lead. It will be re
sailed to-morrow afternoon, the start be
ing at 12 o'clock.
Sir Thomas Lipton, with George L. "Wat
son, the designer of the Shamrock II;
William Jameson, the famous English
yachting amateur; Ratsy. the sailmaker,
and. Captain Sycamore of the Shamrock
II, watched to-day's ' race with eager in
terest from the bridge of the steam yacht
Erin.
After crossing: the line at exactly the
same moment, six seconds after gun fire,
with the Constitution In the windward
berth, the Columbla'worked out and, get
ting her wind free, forged ahead. The
Constitution tacked off shore and shortly
after the Columbia followed, going up to
windward and passing her. . From then
on to the. windward mark it was nothing
but a steady gain for the old boat, and
when both had rounded it was found that
the Columbia had gained 4 minutes 55 sec
onds, the worst beating the Constitution
had yet received. On the second leg the
wind fell very light.
After rounding the second mark 4 min
utes 30 seconds behind and starting for
home, the Constitution carried up about
all the wind there was and passed her
rival.
At 6:30 p. m. the contest came to an in
glorious conclusion two miles to the east
ward of Brentons Reef lightship. At that
time the Columbia led by a good quarter
of a mile. The course was triangular, ten
nautical miles to a leg, the first being a
beat to windward, east by south, the sec
ond a. reach with the wind about abeam
and the third before the wind, which
hauled to make it another stretch, with
the wind abeam until the race was de
clared off. • >
NEWPORT. R. I.; Sept. 2.— The second
official trial race of the Columbia and the
Constitution to-day practically had no re
sult. The yachts, for lack of wind, were
unable to finish within the time limit of
five and a half hours.
Bouts at the Olympic and
.: the San Francisoo Ath
letic Oliibs. v
Germans Have an Off Day
and Are Virtually
Annihilated.
Favorites Divided , : .Honors
¦'. With the Outside
Horses.
Lack of Wind Prevents the
. Yachts From Finishing
on Time.
Trotting. Races, and Bar
beoue Prov.a a Draw-.
' ,Irig Card. !
Oakland Lands on His
Delivery for Many
Hits.
It Is Now Certain That
Gardner and Walcott
.Will Meet.
Second Official Trial
Race Has No Re
sult.
O'ROURKE READY !
TO MAKE MATCH
CROWDS ATTEND
THE STATE FAIR
IBURG'S CURVES
ARE VERY EASY
COLUMBIA LEADS
CONSTITUTION
GREYHOUNDS ARE IN TRAINING
FOR THE BIG FUTURITY STAKES
Highly Bred Dogs Will Contest for Rich Prizes at Union Goursing
Park on Saturday, Sunday and , Monday Next in the. Annual
Renewal of One of the Most Important ; Sporting Events
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1901.
ROYAL ARCHER, BY FOR FREEDOM-DAISY HILL, A FLEET GREYHOUND WHICH WILL REPRESENT THE
PASHA KENNELS IN THE COURSING FUTURITY TO BE DECIDED NEXT SUNDAY AT UNION PARK.
THIS IS ONE OF THE RICHEST STAKES ON THE LEASHMEN'S CALENDAR. \>. A J -
.: LONDON, Sept. 2.— Andrew '. Carnegie
has^ given £100 each to Sheddon, Law,
Jones- and -Dick,; four miners, who dis
played conspicuous bravery In rescue of
their comrades at the time of the recent
Dolnibristle (Perthshire) colliery disaster.
Carnegie Rewards Brave Coal-Miners.
SHEEPMEN AND CATTLEMEN
,... ;.wa&v; over; range rights
Citizens; Will Attempt to Settle .the
Difficulty. Before There Is
..i -:¦¦'.¦ ... Bloodshed;
;'; LANDER; ¦¦VTyo.', Sept." 2— Sheepmen and
cattlemen Jare; at; war over range ! matters
ten'^mHes ' south V of ! Lander, . and unless
citizens who- have 'gone to ! the scene ,to
settle:' the- difficulty • arrive there In time
there*, may. be "bloodshed. It is said .that
the cattlemen- have set apart a certain
section and have ordered all sheepmen
away from the. cattlemen. One sheepman,
G.H.- South; refused to go and was eject
ed by ;force.yHe;secured twenty-flve herd
ers; armed- them and 'returned. He says
he vwtll drive his sheep j through the dis
puted territory ih spite of the cattlemen.
Oklahoma Makes New Wheat Record.
-" GUTHRIE,- 0. T., Sept. 2.-.WheatV ; that
tests 67. ¦ pounds .to : the bushel, one pound
heavier i than- thcworld'a . record, ,,wllH be
shown byj Oklahoma at the St. Louis Ex
position. ':¦ The j Oklahoma • ' commissioners
mef here to-day, and decided to erect' at
the fair, a. large building of native mate
rial. •
LONDON, Septic 2.— At . the Comedy
Theater to-night a large audience very
cordially • indorsed the American verdict
upcn H. V. Esmond's comedy, "When We
Were Twenty-One," presented by Nat C
Goodwin, and Miss Elliott,, with a very
good British company supporting them '
Goodwin and : Miss Elliott met with an
enthusiastic reception and both they and
Esmond , were called again and again be
fore the curtain at the close of the per
foimance. • . . '-
"When We Were < Twenty-One."
A widespread revolutionary movement
Is Roln§: on In Persia, fostered by dlscon
tent^wlth the Government on account ol
thd new loan negotiations with Russia*
The Grand Vizier is accused of selling the
country,' and falling to make reforms.
Martial law has : been proclaimed In the
capital' and environs. ;
The agitation, it Is said, proceeds from
the entourage of the Shah, who frequently
finds threatening letters upon his writing
table. • .. . . .
Cause Great Discontent Among
the^ People.
4
ADVEETISEMEOTS.
Are a benefit to healthy women. But to
women who are suffering from diseases
peculiar to their sex they are an injury.
When there is weak back or bearing-
down pains, sideache or other indications
.¦ |l of womanly weak^ :
"1 * 1^ ness, exercise crui
" fV /CSV 11 condition. The
/£«J&» I womanly health must
"i 8-»tJ 7*^ rs * ; restored 'be-
V - V—^»y- 7 / f ore strength can be
I ~ \cs\ / 1 developed by eser-
/ *|i§|&^tf I l Dr. Pierre's Fa-
; g&l&l''3i J vorite P.^rrrip'.ion
' *sW$ffi$$v~^ makes vreak women
¦ strong and sick
l&3?*i*L women well. It does
J?*a££cZ?gbi this by healing the
MbB|wto6jI womanly diseases
E5$raKS*itii which undermine the
M*$5&!ffi%k S eneral tea^n- It
SBBfflfflmm the drains that
OTPwiirtlKOTa wea^ en women, heals
J^mflisilisia inflammation and ul-
Wi3pMtt^W& ceration and cures ,
' BBragBJHBcSr female weakness. ' !
' " When I first . com-
¦KSrJSr me need using Doctor
WHgy Pierce's medicines."
¦ KSgf ; . writes Mrs. George- A. ;
• <|Mwjrt Strongr, of Gansevoort,
JKyyt^ai Saratoga Co., N. Y., "I
Q*^ was suffering from fe-
male weakness, a dis-
< ¦ (* agreeable drai *, bearing-
1 ¦ down pains, weak and
tired feelinfr aU the tim<. I dragged around in
that way for two years, and I began talcing your
medicine. After taking first bottle I bejjau to
feel better. I took foor bottles of Dr. Pierce's
. Favorite Prescription, two of • Golden Medical
Discoverv/ one vial of ' Pleasant Pellets,' also
used one' bottle of Dr. Sage's Catarrh Remedy.
Now I feel like a new person. I can't thank
you enough for your kind advice and the good
your medicine has done roe. .
« I have a sister who is taking your medlane
and it is helping her."
Dr. Pierce's Pleasant Pellets promote
regularity of the bowels, and assist the
action of "Favorite Prescription." No
other laxative should be used with Dr.
Pierce'* Medicine^
KEW ADVERTISEMENTS.
GEORGE WASHINGTON'S QUEUE.
It Hid a Irfncnriant Stilt of Straight
and Very Dark Hair.
The Father of his Country concealed
a luxuriant suit of hair beneath his
queue wig. Many now wish the old
fashion were in vogue, to conceal
thinned hair or baldness. Yet no one
need have thin hair nor be bald. If he
cure the dandruff that causes both, f
Dandruff cannot be cured by scouring ,
the scalp, because it is a germ disease,
and the germ has to be killed. New-
bro's Herplclde kills the dandruff germ
—no other hair preparation will. "De-
stroy the cause, you remove the effect."
There's no cure for dandruff but to kill
the germ. ,
Ly^Bicyetes"*
j| 2d hand wheels all makes.
u fitted up just like new.
I $5, $10, $15 and $20
nj Send fop printed
B • Bargain List. • •
I Leavitt&Bill
I 3O9 L. &rKin. St v \
I Oakland SaIV Francisco
Sa.rv JoseTO SAIL.
.'¦ j Monday, September 2. >
¦ Stmr Santa Cruz, Hinkle, 12 . hours \ from
Moss Landing. ". . •
Stmr Pomona, Shea, 19 hours from Eureka.
Stmr Corona, Gielow, 58 hours from Redondoi
Stmr National City, Dettmers, 18 hours from
Fort Bragg. •
Aus stmr Klek, Klsselich. 20 days' from Hak
odate. ¦
Stmr China, Seabury, 27 days from' Hong
konff, via Yokohama 16 days, via Honolulu 5
days 16 hours 18 minutes.
'Stmr North Fork, .Fosen,' 25 hours from Eu
reka.. ¦ • ... - ... - _ , ¦ ¦¦ ¦
Stmr Cella. Higgins. IS hours from
Bark Oregon, Parker, 26 days from Honolulu.
. Bark R P Rithet, McPhail, 32 days from
Honolulu. • ¦ . ¦ ' --• - ' < • : • .
Bark Mauna Ala, Smith, 19 days from^Hono
hzlvs. ¦ ¦¦ ¦ • ¦ ¦ : .... . .-- ,,i
. Fr bark Due d'Aumale, Boju, 150 daye from
Cardiff. ••¦ . • . , : . .•;; .
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED.
FROM SEATTLE.
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point.' entrance to S.-in
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur al
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minute? later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide ls the same at both places.
TUESDAY. SEPTEMBER 3.
Sun rises 5:41
Sun sets 6:37
Moon ri§es 9:35 p. m.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day In the order of occurrence as to time; the
fourth time column gives the last tide of tha
day. except when there are but three tides, as
sometimes occurs. The heights fjtven are In
addition to the soundings on. the United States
Coast Survey charts, except when a minus ( — )
sign precedes the height, and then the number
given ls subtracted from the depth given by
the charts. The plane of reference ls the mean
of the lower low waters. . .
LONDON. Sept. 2.— A dispatch to a
news agency from Copenhagen to-day
gays the new Danish Ministry has decid
ed' to accept the United States' offer of
IC.000,000 kroner for the Danish _YV" es t In
dies, thus announcing as an accomplished
. fact what the press dispatches said the
Denmark to Sell Islands.
LOXDON, Sect. 2.— A dispatch from
Manila says that the British bark Osberga
of Maltland. N/S.. Captain McKenzie.
from Newcastle, N. S. "W., July 8. for
Manila, is ashore on San Nicolas Reef.
Assistance has been sent.
Bark Osberga Ashore.
Dan O'Callaghan had a narrow escape
from passing twenty-four hours In quar
antine yesterday. He went out. in. one
of. Crowley's launches to the Austrian
steamship Klek and went aboard before
the Quarantine Officer. This has not been
Dan's first offense and when Dr. Car
michael heard of it he went on the war
path. Three of the launches that .were
in the vicinity of the steamship were, or
dered alongside and held there. for two
hours, while every ten minutes they were
searched for the • missing O'Callaghan.
Finallv the launches were released and
Dan emerged more dead than alive from
a cubbyhole In the bow of one of them.
He vows that never again will he allow
his anxiety to board an incoming steam
ship to get him into such a predicament:
Not only was he in confinement for two
hours In very cramped quarters, but a
Had a Narrow Escape.
by the Companies.
PITTSBURG,. Kans., Sept 2.— Another
large number of non-union miners from
the East and Soi^th arrived here to-day
for work in the Big Four mines. The com
pany placed most of the men in the mines
at Fleming. Stockades will be built at
'once to protect the threatened miners.
There was no ' strike demonstration
- among the miners here to-day. The com
: panies posted notices offering the men the
c same wages as before with the same con
ditions. Many miners indicated their
willingness to accept the conditions and
refused to obey the strike order. Another
* meeting will be held to-morrow to help
enthuse the workingmen.
Kany of Them Indicate Their Will
ingness to Accept Terms Offered
KANSAS COAL MINERS
NOT READY TO STRIKE
On the way up the Alauna Ala sprang
aleak and the pumps were going when she
came to an anchor. It is not thought to
be anything serious.
Quite a fleet of vessels made port yester
day. Among them were two coal-laden
barks, four of the sugar fleet from Ha
waii, an Austrian steamship and half a
dozen coasters. . •. ¦
The coal-laden vessels were the French
barks Due d'Aumale, 150 days from Car
diff, and the Colonel de Villebois Mareuil,
170 davs from Swansea- Not a man on
either Vessel can speak English, so no ac
count of their, voyages could be obtained.
The Due a'Aumale brings 3006 tons, and
the Colonel de Villebois Mareuil 3002 tons
of black diamonds.
The Austrian steamer Klek, twenty
days from Hakodate, brought 40,230 bags
of sulphur. When 500 miles from this port
the Norwegian nark Pleione, fifty-six
days out from Newcastle, Australia, was
spoken. Sunday morning the British ship
Celtic Chief, sixty-one days out from Val
paraiso for San Francisco, was spoken.
Of the. sugar fleet the new four-masted
schooner Otelia Pederson made the best
run, coming from Kahului in eighteen and
a half days. The bark Mauna Ala was a
close second, coming from Honolulu in
nineteen days. The bark Oregon took
twenty-six and the R. P. Rithet thirty
two days to come up. The Oregon is to
be overhauled and and prt in first-class
shape before going to sea again. She is
under charter to load lumber and mer
chandise here for Australia.
Fleet cf Vessels Makes Port.
The Ventura arrived at Honolulu just, as
the China was leaving and she passed in
through the Golden Gate just as the
China was released from quarantine. Her
running time will not be known until to
day.
Rev- G C. Adams and wife, Elizabeth Bran
der James F. Abbey, Mrs. J. W. Center. Miss
L Center Mrs. H. Morrison, E. L. Goldsboro,
J ' N Cobb. M. Sindo, Miss Wilson, Miss Hol
lenbe'ck Mrs. J. P. Tormay. A. P. Wilcox,
•VV C Crook Jr.. M. G. Beckwlth. Miss Paris,
Master Paris, M. Rosenbledt. J. R. Fulton,
wife and three children: A. L. Pearson, H. H.
Keller J. K. Farley. Miss E. Blake, C. E. R.
Thurlow, Mrs. J. Sharp. Miss G. M. Sharp,
Mrs L. Manson. Mrs. C. Sharp. Edward R.
Swain Mrs E Lahee Miss L. Clawson. Miss
\ Clawson, Miss T. B. Smith. Mr. Rolph. J.
W Erwin G. Harris, wife and daughter;
George P. Castle. J. R. Wilson. J. A. Heim
bersr and wife. R. L. Anderson, Harry W.
Gri=wold, E. H. Paris. Frank Wong Ler-ng.
B K Denbigh, wife and child: Mr. and Mrs.
Barm'well. P. K. Gordon and wife, T. A.
Shut° XL R. Spalding, Mrs. A. Fernandes,
Mi«s~C Fernandes, Miss M. Fernandes, Miss
H "Davis E. P. Kealakalhonua, J. Spitzer.
Mrs Grothier. Miss Schubert, W. B. Mating.
Miss C. S. Abbott. B. J. Zabriskie and wife.
Miss Daisy M. Rohrer, D. Shine.
The Oceanic Steamship Company's Ven
tura arrived last night too late to pass
quarantine. Her Honolulu cabin passen
gers are: '<¦ • •
VENTURA FROM ATJSTRAXtASTA.
Steamer Movements.
TO ARRIVE.
The sloop Star was run down by an un
known steamer on Saturday and sunk.
It will cost considerable to repair her.
The barkentine Fremont has gone into
the Oakland Creek to lie up until next
season. She is the vessel that made the
record catch of codfish.
The work of discharging the British
ship Haddon Hall will begin to-day at
Howard-street wharf. Captain Pritchard
is tired being laid up, so this morning he
will have steam got up | in tne donkey
engine and will begin putting the cargo
on the wharf with his own men. Not a
sailor has deserted since the Haddon Hall
arived and all of them gladly went to the
Fhip Glenesslin and helped Captain Pritch
ard's brother to get away.
F. M. Bucklin of the *Yukon Sawmill
Company was along the front yesterday
meetinar'his old friends. Mr. Bucklin was
at different times purser of the Czarina,
the transport - "Warren, the Charles D.
Lane and last of the Australia. He left
the latter vessel to go to the Klondike.
"Buck's" thousands of friends will be
glad to hear that he is doing particularly
well in the Klondike.
"Water Front Notes.
Lieutenant Ahrens, Mr. and Mrs. A. S.
Cook, Miss B. Cook, Lieutenant Hagemeister,
Lieutenant WJ M. Lindsay, Lieutenant T. H.
Owens Mrs. H. Sam and child, F. Stahler.
wife and child; Dr. F. T. Williams, Lieuten
ant Waiterfleld. Colonel Van Arnstedt. D. L.
Davis. Mr. Eberhardt, James E. Gibson', Cap
tain T. W. Irvine, Lieutenant Moldenhauer,
Lieutenant Van Poncet, Commander Seaton
Schroder, U. S. X.; C. W. Thomuson anil
wife. Miss D. Thompson, L. C. Young. A. H.
Castle Miss Augusta Dickerson. Lieutenant
Fletcher, Miss H. Groves. Leong Kai, Arthur
A. Noyes, Lieutenant Pfltzcnreuter. H. W.
Smith. Professor D. P. Todd and wife. Miss
Todd Consul Zimmerman, Lieutenant A. L.
Castle. Lieutenant Eberhardt. Lieutenant N.
K Goeghegan A. Gudden. Lieutenant Kuhl,
W Horvich. Mrs. J. C. Rains, C. F. Smith
ers Dr Carl Wiegand and Leong Wing.
From' Honolulu— Mrs. A. H. B. Judd. Mrs.
H S Judd Miss A. E. Judd, C. G. Judd..G.'
P* Judd. L* M. Judd. H. F. Damon. Edward
Perry, Bruce Cartwright. A. L. Castle, Minna
Ahrens, Ruth and George Richardson. Albert
F Afong Mrs. Dillingham. Miss Marlon Dil
lingham Chief Justice and Mrs. Frear. Richard
A Cooke. W. W. Ricker, Harold W. Rice,
Miss O Douglass. H. N. Rice, E. P. Dole. F.
B Vrooman, Fred L. Waldron, J. McGavin,
W A Zabriskie, Mr. and Mrs. Franklin Car
ty." A. C. Wonner and wife, William Hoogs and
two boy's, Ferdinand, Johannes and Edmund
Hedemann H. Dillingnam. George P. Cooke.
F F Hedeman. Dr. A. Mendes de Leon. F.
a" Schaefer and -wife. Misses Elsa and Linda
Schaefer, E.-H. Pavls. Mrs. LrtC. Seybolt, S.
C. Waters and W. E. Taylor.
Pacific Mail Company's
| steamship China arrived from the
1 Orient, via Honolulu, yesterday
1L with 100 cabin passengers and 19
"* Europeans and 320 Asiatics in the
steerage. She made the run from Hono
lulu in five days sixteen hours and
I eighteen minutes and spoke the Oceanic
j Steamship Company's Sonoma 1S8 miles
j from Honolulu on August 28 at 8:20 a. m.
and the Occidental and Oriental Com
pany's Gaelic on August 31 at 7:20 a. m.
The China brings about 2200 tons of cargo,
i a considerable portion of which is tea,
hemp, matting, oil, raw silk and rice.
The cabin passengers from the Orient
on the Mail boat were:
brand-new overcoat, donned for another
occasion, was ruined.
Wyoming Coal-Miners May Strike.
WILKESBARRE. ¦ Pa., Sept. 2.-Presl
dent John Mitchell f, and * District presi
dents; T.- D.~ Nichols, Thomas Duffy and
John Fahry will go "to . New York :some
day this week to confer with the presi
dents of the coal carrying roads relative
to the settlement of the grievances com
plained of at .the Hazelton convention last
week. ¦ ~ ¦• i ¦ • •
Unless the negotiations prove successful
it is thought the executive officers,* by
reason of the power vested . in them by
the Hazelton convention, will order strikes
at several collieries in the Wyoming re
gion where the miners claim the com
panies have broken agreements made with
their employes. - ..
QUEENSTOWN— Sailed Sept 1— Stmr Umbria,
from Liverpool, for New York. The reported
sailing of the .Etrurla for New York was an
error. V
SOUTHAMPTON— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Kai
ser Wllhelm der Grosse, from New York; for
- HAMBURG— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Aremnia,
from Philadelphia..
BREMEN— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Friederich
der Grosse, from New York, via Southampton.
- LI VERP.OOL— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Saxonia,
from Boston. ¦ ¦¦•¦ , • . . ,
CLEVELAND, Sept. 2.— H.'J. Sargeant,
chairman of the citizens' committee; Post
master C. C. Dewestoo, chairman of the
committee in charge of the Grand Army
day parade, and D: C. Mclntyre, chairman
of the committee In charge of the naval
parade, went to Canton to-day, and in
vited President McKinley to review th«
naval parade as well, as 'the military pa
rade and reported on returning- to Cleve
land that the President had consented to
do so. ; -
from Montreal and Quebec, for Liverpool, and
proceeded; stmr Furnessia. from New York,
for Glasgow, and proceeded. . .
President "Will Go to Cleveland.
Fr bark Col de Villebois Marelul, Le Damtec,
170 days from Swansea.
Bktn Irmgard, Schmidt, 23 days from Hono
lulu.
Schr Otelia Pedersen, Nielsen, 18^4 days from
Kahului. . . - .
- Schr Columbia, Sprague, 10 days from Dog
fish Bay.
SAILED.
Monday, September 2.
Etmr Noyo, Hansen, Eureka. " .
Stmr City o£ Para, Porter, Port Los An
geles.
¦ Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendoclno.
¦ Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, .
U S stmr Philadelphia, Meade, Panama.
Stmr Matteawan, Crosscup, for Tacoma.
Br ship Arracan, Donald, Queenstown.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, Eureka, in tow of
stmr Noyo.
. Schr Allen A, Iverson, Eureka, in tow of
stmr Noyo. ....
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT. LOBOS, Sept 2-10 p. m.— Weather
hazy, wind west; velocity 12 miles per hour.
SPOKEN
Aug: 23, lat 42.30 N, Ion, 142 W — Schr Rufus
E Wood, from Honolulu,' for Port Townsend.
Aue 13, lat 8. Ion 20 W— Br ship Glaucus,
from Antwerp, for San Francisco.
Au£ 15. lat 7 N, Ion 30 W-Br ship Port
Crawford, hence May 23, for Queenstown.
Per Btmr Cella— On Sent 2. 27 miles NW of
Point Reyes, Br ship Celtic Chief, from Valpa
raiso, for San Francisco.
Per AuiIClek, Aug 30, 500 miles from San
Francisco— Nor bark Pleione, from Newcastle,
Aus., for San Francisco. Sept'l — Br ship Cel
tic Chief, from Valparaiso, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived. Sent 2— Nor
bark Oddersjfts, from Honolulu ; schr. Defender,
from- Honolulu. Passed in Sep$ 2^-Stmr Hum
boldt and City of Topeka, from Skaguay, for
Seattle. Passed out Sept 2— Stmr Al-Ki, from
Seattle, for Skacuay.
HUENEME— Passed Sect 2— Stmr Curacao,
from Guaymas, for San Francisco.
COQUILLE RIVEK— Arrived Sept 2— Tug De
fiance, hence Aue 31. .;¦,'•,: - ; ¦• ,
SOUTH BEND— Sailed Sept 2— Schr Roy
Somers, for San Pedro. '*,
SEATTLE-Sailed Sept 1-Stmr Al-Ki, for
Skaguay; stmr Despatch, for Fairhaven. Ar
rived — ftmr Santa Ana, from Nome; stmr City
of Tor.eka, from Skaguay; stmr Czarina, hence
Auir 2S; stmr Humboldt, from Skagruay.
KUREKAt Arrived Sept 2— Schr J G "Wall,
hence Aug 20; schr Mary Dodge, hence. Aug 24;
Stmr Santa Barbara, from San Pedro. Sailed—
Schr JcFsle Minor, for Honolulu. - .
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr
W H Kruger, from San Pedro, and sailed for
Tillamock. \- ......
HARDY CREEK-Salled Sept 2-Stmr Luella,
for San Francisco. ¦ - . . . , \
SAN DIEGO— Arrived Sept ' 2— Stmr Edith
from Baltimore; stmr la qua, from Eureka.
ISLAND PORTS
HONOLULU-Arrived Arfg 23— US stmr
Meade. hence Aug 16; Ger bark "Werra, from
Bremen : 2G — Bark Fobng Suey; from New
York: ship S D Carleton, from- Tacema; schr
Reporter, from Fairhaven; brig Tanner, from
Port Blakeley ; • stmr China, from Yokohama.
Sailed Auer 23— Ship Charmer, for San Fran
cisco; barks C D Bryant and Diamond ' Head,
for San Francisco; bktn Skagit, for Eureka;
26 — Schr Rosamond, for. San Francisco. ....»
FOREIGN PORTS,
HIOGO— Arrived • prior to Aug 31->Br stmr
Yang-tze, from Hongkong.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Aus 31— Br bark
Kate Thomas, from Oregon. -
OCEAN STEAMERS,
TORY ISLAND— Passed Sept 2— Stmr Fumes
sia, from New York, for Moville and ' Glas
gow. . . • , . - -
LONDON— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Minnehalia,
from New York. .
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Bovic,
from Liverpool. .?
MOVILLE— Arrived Sept 2— Stmr Sicilian,
While there is visible indication that
the National Tube Company intends
starting Its plants at McKeesport in the
near future, the foremen in the mill say
to-night thai the entire plant will be In
operation to-morrow. ¦ ¦ . .' . •
It is more than probable that this latest
failure at Duquesne will have the effect
of making the strike managers withdraw
all efforts in that direction.
The failure of the Amalgamated people
to cripple the Carnegie o- en-heartn plant
at Duquesne this morning is looked upon
by the steel officials as the death blow of
the strike, in the Carnegie xnL-s at least.
Last night the strike managers at"; Mc-
Keesport announced that a march would
be made this morning\to Duquesne,' and
predicted confidently that the men would
not go to work and that the entire plant
would be tied up. This morning no
paraders apeared, the men went to work
and the plant is In operation as usual.
The mills will be operated as usual to
morrow. The Painter mills in West-Car
son street started up as usual, with in
creased forces. There was no change in
the Lawrenceville district, i
During the parade most of the pickets
were ¦ away . from the Star mills, and the
company succeeded in securing several
new men. Of the lot that arrived In
Pittsbursr early this morning 4t was- said
that a good many of tnem were for the
Demmler plant in McKeesport. The Mc-
Cutcheon plant in Allegheny did not start
up to-day, and the management said the
men there wanted to celebrate Labor day.
The officials of the Star plant assert
that to-day, the pickets about their mill
held up j a special delivery j boy from the
Postofflce with a- ; letter* for • the office
while he '.was coming down-Tenth street,
and inspected the letter before he "was
allowed to* proceed. -The matter will be
reported to the postal authorities "at once.
•It is also charged that the strikers stoned
the companyls carriage on Pennsylvania
avenue^ this morning,' but did .no special
damage \ to the 1 occupants. The aggres
siveness < of 1 the strikers "was further
demonstrated late this afternoon, when a
mob Surrounded Willlani Jones, a colored
man, who was mistaken for a non-union
man from 'the Star Works. He had a
narrow, escape from serious Injury by the
appearance of Police Lieutenant Crossan,
who came to his rescue. Before Crossan
could secure additional aid he. was almost
overwhelmed by the large crowd that had
1 gathered. ' .
The prompt arrival of a large force of
police probably "saved him from serious
injury, as the mob appeared a desperate
one, and many demands were made that
Jones be' strung up.
Public interest in the strike Itself is
lagging, as the contest seems to have
Bettled down to an" issue A of endurance.
Evidences of Impatience: are cropping out
oh ¦ the:/ side -of the j strikers, and ' the
authorities fear that the unlawful acts
participated in : by the strikers last night
and; to-day- about the Star , tin plant
may multiply and spread to other quar
ters."-'/ r »VTV " .' "¦ 7 ¦ - : ' ¦
PITTSBURG, : Sept. 2.— The big Labor
day demonstration monopolized the at
tention of- workers, and strikers here and
in the surrounding- towns, but the steel
manufacturers went on making prepar
ations for ¦ the opening of the plants that
are shut down- by the strike and increas
ing the number of men at the mills al
ready in partial operation. . /.¦
Acting Governor Cooper recently re
ceived an interesting letter from one John
Kaluhi, a native, who was district mag
istrate ofO^oolau, Oahu, at the time of
the overthrow of the monarchy. At that
time Kaluhi resigned, refusing to take the
oath of allegiance to the provisional gov
ernment or the republic. Recently the po
sition became vacant, and he wrote to
Cooper, stating that he had felt com
pelled to resign years ago because of his
royalist sympathies, but that now that
all the people in Hawaii were Americans
he would like the position again. He was
appointed.
The Supreme Court has given a decision
'sustaining the income tax law passed by
the Legislature a few months ago. The
law was contested by the Chamber of
Commerce here on constitutional grounds.
The court holds that the law is valid. Jus
tice Galbraith dissenting. The law as
sesses 2 per cent on all incomes over $1000,
exempting the sum of $1000 from taxation.
Gox'ernor S. B. Dole has returned from
his trip to Hawaii for his health. He is
greatly improved in condition and expects
to resume the duties of his office next
week. Secretary Cooper will remain act
ing Governor until that time, finishing the
work of making up the annual report of
the Territory, which he had begun before
Dole returned. Cooper will go to Wash
ington with the report. He is to take a
vacation soon and he will visit the na
tional capital. He will take the report
with -him and consult with the officials
there regarding the affairs of the Terri
tory-
The Oriental Life Insurance Company
has filed articles of incorporation, with
capital etock of $200,000. nearly all sub
scribed, to do business in Honolulu, China
and San Francisco. Among ' the stock
holders are a number of well-known local
Chinese. The corporation expects to do
much business in the Orient.
Reports from the island of Hawaii -con
tinue to indicate that the volcano Kilauea
is about to break forth again. ' Visitors
to the volcano report Intense heat for a
long distance around the crater and huge
volumes of smoke are rising.
Dole Will Soon Hesume His Duties.
Ex-Queen Lilluokalanl will give a luau,
or feast, next Monday morning in honor
of her birthday. She has invited many
local officials and friends to attend. It is
about the first public appearance of the
kind t=he has made since the overthrow,
and is regarded in some quarters as a
sort of olive branch to her old opponents.
The ex-Queen is said to have reached the
conclusion that the Home Rulers are
making a mistake in spending their time
and energy i" efforts to have Governor
Dole removed. At a recent meeting of
natives, where the matter of choosing a
man to be advocated as Dole's successor
was discussed. Senator Kalaukalani', who
is regarded as the Queen's political agent
and adviser, advocated letting the matter
drop altogether. Delegate to Congress
Wilcox ls said to have proposed the name
of Prince David Kawananakoa.
During the trial of the cases the ques
tion of the disqualification of Justice
rvrry was raised. Perry was a Circuit
Judge when the cases were tried and he
heard the cases and sentenced the de
fendants. He also ruled on an applica
tion of the defendants' attorneys to have
the juries instructed to bring in a unani
mous verdict. denving such a motion.
On this ground it was claimed that Perry,
having already parsed on the cases in "a
lower court, was disqualified from hearing
the appeals. The court. Galbraith dis-
Fenting-, held that the habeas corpus pro
oetdny? was a new case, in which Perry
had not sat, and that he was not disquali
fy. The majority decision of the court
was by Perry and Chief Justice Frear.
A meteor of exceptional brilliancv and
duration was observed at an early* hour
on the morning of August 25 by captains
of vessels tn this vicinity. It has been re
ported by several of them as having il
luminated a large part of the skies. Ac
cording to the captains, it was visible as
a large flame for a minute and a half. On
two of the lnterlsland steamers it gave
quite a scare to the Japanese and native
employes.
Justice Perry Is Upheld.
The Supreme Court holds that it was
not the intent of Congress in passing the
lowlands resolution with this provision
to repeal Hawaiian laws that were in con
flict with the constitution of the United
States, and that the old Hawaiian law as
to convictions by nine jurors, and under
Indictments brought without a grand
jury, was not abrogated.
The cases have now been brought be
before United States Judge Estee. At
torneys Brooks and Davis, for the prison
ers, have asked Estee for a writ of habeas
corpus on the gTound that the defendants
are held in custody without having had a
trial according to American law. Estee
lesued a writ in the case of one OsakI and
will hear the case next week. The writ
wp-E asked for on the same grounds as
the Hawaiian Supreme Court has just de
cided against. The claim is made that
the defendant was not given the Amer
ican right of an IndictmenJ; by a grand
jury and conviction by a unanimous ver
dict of a trial jury.
The decision, remanded back to jail
6even defendants who had been released
on habeas corpus by Circuit Judge Gear
of the First Circuit Court Gear held
that the provision in the Newlands reso-
Jution. that laws of Hawaii "not con
trary" to the constitution of the United
States "remained in force," meant that
laws that were contrary to the constitu
tion, were abrogated and annulled. On
this cround he held that the trial of a
man on a criminal charge, without the in
c.ctment of a grand jury, and his convic
tion without a unanimous verdict of a
Jury, as provided by the constitution and
decisions of the United States, were null
and void.
HONOLULU. Aug. 27.-The Territorial
courts appear to be in a muddle over the
question of the constitution following the
flag to Hawaii. The Supreme Court has
just handed down decisions, with Gal
bralth dissenting, to the effect that "dur
ing the period between the annexation of
these islands to the United States and
the establishment of Territorial govern
ment, persons accused of crime could law
fully be prosecuted without the interven
tion of a grand jury and convicted, by nine
out of twelve jurors."
Police Have Difficulty in Sav
ing a Negro From an
Angry Mob.
Supreme Court Remands the
Prisoners Released by-
Circuit Judge. •
Hold Different Views of
the Newlands Reso
lution.
Authorities Pear That
Impatience May Lead
to Violence.
STEEL STRIKERS
GROWING UGLY
HAWAIIAN JUDGES
CANNOT AGREE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1 901.
China Arrives During the Early Afternoon and Is Allowed' to Dock,
but the Ventura Comes in a Few Minutes After Sundown
and Consequently Has to Remain in Quarantine All Night
MAIL BOATS FROM THE ORIENT
AND AUSTRALASIA MAKE PORT
F.REXCH BARKS DUC D'AUMALE ATs'D COLONEL DE VILLEBOIS MAREUIL, MAKING PORT , IN. COMPANY,
PROBABLY THE FIRST TIME IN THE HISTORY OF SAN FRANCISCO. THAT TWO.MERCHANTMEN-FLY
ING THE TRICOLOR ARRIVED AT THE SAME TIME. ! -; .. . .-
5
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
>es
Pier.
j
September 3.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m
San Pedro Humboldt . ..... 10 am
Flobt. Dollar. Seattle & Hadlock 5 pm
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Rainier '. Puget Sound" Ports .......
Coronado Grays Harbor
September 4.
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way 12 m
Corona Redondo & "Way... 9 am
H'k'gMaru.. China & Japan lpm
September O.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am
St. Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm
? September 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am
San Jose iPanama & Way.. 12> m
frerapis Hamburg & Way.. 12 m
, ' September 8.
Santa Rosa... Ran Diego & Way. 9 am
Umatllla I Puget Sound Ports 11 am
[
Pier 13
Pier 3
Pier —
Pier a
Pier 2
Pier 2
I
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 11
PUSS
Pier 13
Pier -
i
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 27
Plfir 11
Pier 9
Steamer. I
Destination.
Sails.
.
Senator Nome direct Sept. 3
Humboldt Skagruay & Way Ports. Sept. 3
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 4
Farallon... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. B
Chas. Xelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 6
Dolphin.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 6
Queen — Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 7
Portland: Nome & St. Mifha'l.: Sept. 10
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports... Sept. 10
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Curacao..... ... Mexican "Ports... ....... Sept. 3
Corona Redondo & .Way Ports Sept. 3
Pomona;. ....... Humboldt Sept. 3
Australia Tahiti Sept. 3
Newport Panama & "Way Ports. Sept. 3
Mackinaw Seattle Sept. S
Horda Oyster Harbor Sept. 3
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. ' 4
Bureka Humboldt JSept. 4
Milton Nanalmo [Sept. 4
Crt-pcent City.. Crescent City . Sept. 2
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. P
Washtenaw Tacoma Sept. 6
Point Arena... Point Arena. Sept. 6
Pc-mot-a Humboldt Sept. 7
Corona Redondo & Wav Ports. Sept. 8
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 9
City Puebla.... PugetSound Ports:.... Sept.* 0
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 11
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W L W .
3... 2:59 4.7 8:11 2.0 2:38 . 6.7 9:20 0~2
4 ... 4:11 4.4 9:06 2.5 3:28 6.7 10:30 0.2
5 ... 6:29 4.2 10:09 2.8 4:26 5.6 11:41 0.1
6... 6:48 4.2 11:24 3.1 5:34 5.6
IL W[ IH W L W H W .
7 ...] 0:511 0.01 7:5S 4.4 12:41 3.0 6:43 «5.S
8 ...| l:49|—O.l| 8:51|.. 4.71-1:48 2.7 7:54 6.5
9 ..1 2:40|— O.ll 9:36| 5.0| 2:46| • 2.3 8:56 5.3
>ate
Steamer. Destination. Sails.
>es
Pier.
j
September 3.
Arcata Coos Bay 12 m
San Pedro Humboldt . ..... 10 am
Flobt. Dollar. Seattle & Hadlock 5 pm
Walla Walla. Puget Sound Ports 11 am
Rainier '. Puget Sound" Ports .......
Coronado Grays Harbor
September 4.
North Fork... Humboldt 9 am
Pomona Humboldt 1:30 p
Guatemala... Valparaiso & Way 12 m
Corona Redondo & "Way... 9 am
H'k'gMaru.. China & Japan lpm
September O.
Eureka Humboldt 9 am
St. Paul Nome & St Michael 2 pm
? September 7.
Curacao Mexican Ports 10 am
San Jose iPanama & Way.. 12> m
frerapis Hamburg & Way.. 12 m
, ' September 8.
Santa Rosa... Ran Diego & Way. 9 am
Umatllla I Puget Sound Ports 11 am
[
Pier 13
Pier 3
Pier —
Pier a
Pier 2
Pier 2
I
Pier 2
Pier 9
Pier 10
Pier 11
PUSS
Pier 13
Pier -
i
Pier 11
PMSS
Pier 27
Plfir 11
Pier 9
Steamer. I
Destination.
Sails.
.
Senator Nome direct Sept. 3
Humboldt Skagruay & Way Ports. Sept. 3
Cottage City... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 4
Farallon... Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. B
Chas. Xelson.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 6
Dolphin.. Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 6
Queen — Skaguay & Way Ports. Sept. 7
Portland: Nome & St. Mifha'l.: Sept. 10
Bertha Valdez & Way Ports... Sept. 10
Time Time Time Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. Ft.
H W L W H W L W .
3... 2:59 4.7 8:11 2.0 2:38 . 6.7 9:20 0~2
4 ... 4:11 4.4 9:06 2.5 3:28 6.7 10:30 0.2
5 ... 6:29 4.2 10:09 2.8 4:26 5.6 11:41 0.1
6... 6:48 4.2 11:24 3.1 5:34 5.6
IL W[ IH W L W H W .
7 ...] 0:511 0.01 7:5S 4.4 12:41 3.0 6:43 «5.S
8 ...| l:49|—O.l| 8:51|.. 4.71-1:48 2.7 7:54 6.5
9 ..1 2:40|— O.ll 9:36| 5.0| 2:46| • 2.3 8:56 5.3
>ate
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Curacao..... ... Mexican "Ports... ....... Sept. 3
Corona Redondo & .Way Ports Sept. 3
Pomona;. ....... Humboldt Sept. 3
Australia Tahiti Sept. 3
Newport Panama & "Way Ports. Sept. 3
Mackinaw Seattle Sept. S
Horda Oyster Harbor Sept. 3
Umatilla Puget Sound Ports .... Sept. ' 4
Bureka Humboldt JSept. 4
Milton Nanalmo [Sept. 4
Crt-pcent City.. Crescent City . Sept. 2
Santa Rosa San Diego & Way Pts. Sept. P
Washtenaw Tacoma Sept. 6
Point Arena... Point Arena. Sept. 6
Pc-mot-a Humboldt Sept. 7
Corona Redondo & Wav Ports. Sept. 8
Colombia Valparaiso & Way Pts. Sept. 9
City Puebla.... PugetSound Ports:.... Sept.* 0
Czarina Seattle & Tacoma Sept. 11
' ADVERTISEMENTS;
PE-RU-NA AVERTS DANGER
In That Critical Time When a Girl Becomes
a Woman,
................ . •. , ........ p erunc[m Every woman ought to uso
1 jz£iiffi^0^-~-^ ? ''/ ana> I f ee f sure that it would bring
I! fs^Mf'fP^^^^, * perfect health."— BESSIE KELLOG.
/^^^^Ml^^^^^^s ! Thft experience of Misa Bessie Kellos
? ' \f i5Sm^^R^^^^^^^®< t of North Dakota ou?rht to be read by
" KW&SzBil^ML* t eve . ry ? lrl in the !and - Tt ls a critical
' (^^^^ " Period in a woman's life when she ceases
' ¦ t to be a pirl and becomes a woman. Very
1 K^^S. «^^^^^^W> t few I >a?s through this period without
8^ .rftjtfiier-. t some troubIe - Tn c doctor is called and he
sJ^efcc'^^j*- y^SgSff&^Zy ? generally advises an operation. Perhap3
j ssv V^SS^ V^^''s?9Zs^£l t he wiU sub J e ct the patient to a long series
' C / "^ i^$is?y&P^; " of ex P ei "irnents with nervines and tonics.
i f rAriS-*^ ? c reason ne <^oes not often make a cur»
W^V ' Aj&Sf*%. " ' s ecause ne does not recognize the trou-
\ **p2i^ S&MtsM * In a lar^e majority of the cases catarrh
' \ W&*v&lf ? ° e female organs is the cause. Peruna
V * ? re l 5eves these cases promptly because it
VsSs= -*4&mMHSF&y cures the catarrh. Peruna is not a pallia-
1 ¦ f-^ t tive or a sedative or a nervine or a stimu-
*==• ;^^^^^^^^^?§^7^^. t lant - Xt is a specific for catarrh and
" -Pr" 0^^^^^^^^%^^"^^^ * cures catarrh wherever it may lurk in the
f This girl was lucky enough to find Pe-
? r V na a t last. As she says, the doctors
— £^S3U. • di(^ not seern to understand what tha
, J 7v)~ >5 =S^=g=ggg :£ -^-- /r> -^ s^, l troublo was and the medicine he pre-
, . (i scribed from time to time did not help
MISS BESSIE KELLOG. ,, her. Peruna hit the mark at once and
...... »o»«...... ...... ... s he Is now recommending- this wonderful
remedy to all the other girls in the United
Miss Bessie Kellog, president of the sta * es - ,
Young Woman's Club of Valley City Thousands of the girls who look at her
North Dakota, writes the following from beautiful face and read her sincere testl-
First street, South, Valley City, North monial will be led to try Peruna in their
Dakota: * / times of trouble and critical periods. Pe-
- . .. ¦ ¦ i ' runa will not fail them. Every one of
. "Ever since I matured I suffered with them win be giaa and it is to be hoped
no,, nnn mn ./u „ ; - ta j * that their enthusiasm will lead them to do
severe monthly pains. I he doctor as this girl did— proclaim the fact to tha
did not seem to understand what the n£ewisf° that others may read u and do
trouble was and the medicine he prs- Mrs. Christopher Fliehmann, Amster-
scribedfromtimeio time did not help with catarrh of tha
me. He finally suggested that I have stomach and pelvic organs for about Jive
an. operation.; One of my Mends who couiTheip me. Wome said 0 ? would* never
had been cured of a similar affliction g*™ hJ\l o d s^^J £?*/£%
through the Use Of Peruna, advised by Peruna: then I thought I would try
ma *n «/wa U r, t »,' n I fr~«* «»// m» I '*• * dld - and found relief with the first
me to give it a trial first, and so I bottle I took, and after two more bottles
used it for three weeks faithfully. } wa ? a f w ?]i and strong as i was be-
„ -.¦..,. J . fore."— Mrs. Christopher Fliehmann.
My pains diminished very SOOn and If you do noz derive prompt and satis-
within two months I had nona at all. S5£VS£- to ft S?. hLSSL? gTvYn? a a
"This is six months ago, and dun- £V^^to t ii. 3r SS.?S B^Si&ffi
ing that time I have not had an ache vice gratis.
nnn nnin I niup htnhon* nnniva tn Address Dr. Hartman. president ot Th«
nor pain. I give nignest praise to Hartman Sanitarium. Columbus, OhJo.
MICH LAND
SPRINGS ::s
The months of Septemiicr and October at
Highlands are simply bes»>-jtiful. bright, sunny
days, cool nishts. Hunt(_3g. Flshlns, Riding.
Driving-. Every Comfort "and Amusement. :.
Rates from September I to May I,
$10 and S12 psr week; $35, $40
and $45 per month.
Call on L. D. CRAIG. 316. or Traveler Offlee.
20 Montgomery St., or MRS. KATE J. WIL-
LETTS. room 64. Flood • building. San Fran-
cisco, or write to CRAIG & WARMER, man-
agers. Highland Springs, Cal.
YOSEMITE VALLEY,
BIG OAK FLAT AND. YOSEMITE STAGE
CO.— Running directly through the Tuolumn*
Big Tree Grove. Lowest rates on th« market.
Special rates for Epworth Leaguers. Stasrlri*
2V, hours first afternoon and 9 hoars next day.
arriving at Tosemlte Valley 5 p. m. Send for
illustrated folder. WM. J. WH1TB. Gen.
Agent. 830 -Market at., opposite .Palace- HoteL
S. P.: tel. Black 3571.
. LAUREL DELL LAKE.
The most attractive summer and winter r«-
sort In Lake County. Boating-, bathing, bowl-
ing, tennis, new livery, walks and boats. A
marine toboggan ISO feet long. "Write- for cir-
cular. . EDOAR DTJRNAN. Laurel DelL Lajj,
County, CaL. - ...
OWN A BOME r ££& TT CAMP MEEKER
Buy lots $10 -up: cottages built- by Meeker. *38
up: boating-, bathlns, tenting ground free; saw-
mill.- depot, store, postofflce at camp: board
and lodging $8; take Sausallto ferry, $3 round
trip. Address M. C. MEEKER, or TT ¦ M,
GREGSON. Camp Meeker. Sonoma County.
Fof rest and healthily THE SIERRAS
near Coif ax on U. P. R. R. Elevation just right —
2400 ft.— 136 miles from San Fr. No staging: good
table ; finest scenery, water, air, fruit and climate.
Ideal forests and grounds $8.00 a week. Send for
booklet. Orchard Sprlass, Colfex, CaL
VICMir SPRMCS,
The only place In the United States wher*
Vichy Water is abundant. The only natural
Electric Waters; Champagne Baths; Sprtags
Numerous; Baths Unequaled. Three miles from
Uklah. J. A. REDEMEYER & CO..
ProprtetorsL
BELLBVUE HOTEL. :
P. O. EL VERANO. CaL. Verano Station
(Kings Crossing), on California Northwestern
Railway. Hot mineral baths near by. Term*
SI per day and upward. . PETER GOUILHAK-
DOU. .Lessee.- - . • -- •¦> i . . -. •¦ '•" • ¦ -
MOUNTAIN" HOME.' •
In the Santa Cruz Mountai=3. Rar« "sport
during the deer season. Pack ot fcounds.
rwlmmlng and fine table. . Address VIC PON-
CELET. Llagas, CaL
LAKEPORT AND BARTLETT SPRINGS
STAGE LINE.— Hopland to.Bartlett Springs,
via Lakeport. carrying passengers for Lake-
port and Bartlett Springs. Stages connect
with trains at Hopland. Leave Hoatand ac
12:30; arrive at LakeDort at -3:30: arrive at
Bartlett Springs at 7:30. New 6-hors* 14-pas-
- eenger tourist wagons, made to order tor tlila
stage line, with all the most modern improve-
ments. Passenger* for Lakeport or Bartlst?.
. Springs call for tickets by Bartlett Springs
Etase Line. • • • • • *¦**¦.•
- MILLTCR A HOWARD. P^roprietor*.
DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATORRSra
Five hundred reward for any Erjgt WCS
case we cannot cure. This secret EP** *-?*
remedy stops losses In 24 hours,. . B %
cures Emissions, Impotency. Varl- K5SI t%M
cocele.. Strictures, Gleet, Drains, Wf? -, ffrf
Lost Manhood and all other wast- • UWi -44*
Ins effects of self-abuse or excess- £ tS
es. Sent sealed. J2 bottle; 3 bottles. • ~-~~ I
$5: guaranteed to cure any case, -Address
HALL'S MEDICAL INSTITUTE. S35 Broad-
way, Oakland, CaL Also for,, sale at 1073^
Market st.. S. F. All private • diseases qutc&ly
cured. /-Send for free book. i .^- —_'¦•¦• I
BAJA CALIJFP^RNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS. A GREAT RESTORATIVE. INV1GORA-
tor "and Nervine. ¦ ' ¦
¦ The most, wonderful aphrodisiac . and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs. *or both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the K!d-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
. NABER. ALPS & BRUNE, Agents.
3S Market St.. S. F.— (Send for Clrculars.>
' - • " * ' ¦ • ¦ ¦' '
ieekE call
$1 per Year.
I Pleasant
Hours
I Swiftly Flying— £
H Those spent on the
I California Limited
m as it rushes and races
H across the country from
§j San Francisco to Chicago
|j in 75 hours.
H Leaves San Erancisco at '
El 9 a. m. every Monday
H J and Thursday on the . .
I Santa Fe
DR.MEYERS&CO, Jgl|^
Specialist. Disease
and weakness of f|||g£ y
men. Established Spra|f ¦ *ijM_'Lr~"T
1S81. Consultation \Cy% m*!? Tpf
and private book \\j\jji **^ \ \
free, at office or by v -^13^4
mail. Cures guar- \W£i£$£zM&
anteed. 731 Mar- K^K^^W
ket street (eleva- """wswSr
tor entrance). San /©N'Ll^W^B*
jg^Q*& CANDY CATHARTIC j. **
Genuine stamped C C C. Never sold In bulk.
Beware of the dealer who tries to sell
something "Just as good.
h visit DR. JORDAN'S great A
(MUSEUM OF ANATOMY*
A Cj& 1051MASSSTST.t9t.6A47A,S.r.Cjl. i
\ trf- The Largest Anatomical Museum to the T
if ijB-i^ World. Weaknesses or any contracted A
* Sc »aW * sea * e positively cored by the oldest Y
© flter S3 1 Specialist on the Coist Est. years. ©
0 &T$Z& DR * JOBDAN-DISEASE_S OF MEN Q
\ f vl$j$&M Consultation free and strictly private. \
A E JiSVW; H Treatment personally or. by "letter. A A
\ N If ¦ t! h Fo * iiive < - ure in "ery case undertaken.' , " \
Aril II A Write for Boole. PHI LO.t UPHY or i
» \\ \V* BARRMSE. MAILED FREE. (A?
\ n ¦ /J. valuable book for mrn) -\
f »B. JORDAN A CO., 1051 Market St. S. F. 9
. %fcVfiufiEII8uUuQHBKaKiiff E WnwK£*v n ifUn f wW""»*i^Y
LEADING BUSINESS, COLLEGE OF THE WEST
: ' '24 Post st.'. San Francisco. Cal.
Established Nearly 40 yeara. Open Entire Tear.
;, "Write for 80-page catalogue' (free).
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE,
1236 Market street.
•Actual business bookkeeping; only expert ac-
countants and ¦ reporters as . teachers; Grtgx
shorthand, the ! easiest, fastest and most read-
able. Day and evening. FULL COURSE. $60.
"GOLD DUST."
|H " &ot tfsa GOLD DUST twins do yam* work!" ||
||i li 'yoaamm uahtg maap i 'oe> yaap c/oaa!ash you will 'find that 111
HgH to more convenient cheaper and better than any 6oap at any price. There is no cleanser cf EraS
K$l any kind as eood as GOLD DUST, and no cleaning that GOLD DUST will not do better Bra
In than anything else. Try it once and you will always use tt. - - . IgM
Hi THE N. K. FAIRS. ANK COMPANY, Chicago, St Louis. Naw York, Boston. j§|]The substance called caramel i3 only
cane sugar heated to a temperature of 410
when it undergoes several important
chemical changes.
Dr.- Sanford's_ Liver Invigorator.
BestLlver Medicine, VcgetableCur?forLiver Ills.
Biliousness, Indigestion. Constipation, Malaria.
Stops Diarrhoea and Stomach Cramps. Dr.
Siegart's Genuice Imported Angostura Bitters."
Special information supplied dally to
business" houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). MO Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
WASHINGTON. Sept. 2-At the^ Ebbitt
— W. W. Stone, Mrs. Stone. Miss Stone,
F. A. Tuttle; Willards— Mr. and Mra.
George Lippman, Dr. and Mrs. A. W.'
Kerple, J. Billef Metropolitan— C. L. Gage,
L. G. Gage; St. James— Fred D. Marsh
and .wife, Mrs. F. B. Whlteside, Mrs. W.
Decondey, VMiss M. , E. Macauley, R * B
Moore,: w. . Edwards: Arlington— Carroli
-Cook and wife, . the Misses Cook, Dr O
F.We9tphalir Joseph P. Stevens; Raleigh
— R. Weineke and wife; Mrs. L. Damkin.
G. A: Neal, J. A. Marsh and wife.'F -W
Webster, Thomas Morton, G. . H. Dyer*
Miss Dole, Miss Charlotte Dole. All of
San Francisco. \ Ebbitt— Miss Marie Kin
ney. Los Angeles.
Californians in Washington.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'3.'
GRAND ARMY— Mrs. F. M. -S., Ala
meda, Cal. x The first post of the Grand
Army of the Republic was organized at
Decatur, 111. , April 6, 1S66, and the first
national encampment was held at Indian
apolis on the 20th of November of the
'same .year. The* constitution provides
that "soldiers and sailors of the United
States Army and Navy and Marine Corps
between' April 12, 1861, and, April 9, 1865*
in the war for the suppression of 'the re
bellion, and those having honorable dis
charge therefrom from such service, and
of - such State regiments as were called
into active service and subject to the
orders of United States general officers
between the dates mentioned, shall be eli
gible to membership in the Grand Army
of the Republic. No person shall be eligi
ble who, at any time -has borne arms
aeainst the .United States.:* -" a 4Xims
Choice candies. Towfjtprid's. Palace Hotel*
LITTLE FINGER TELL ME TRUE—
A. D. A., Berkeley, Cal. The origin of
"Little finger tell me true," is traced to
Moliere in\"Le Malade Imaginalre," 1673,
and is based on the following from trie
second volume: . Mr. Argan wished to
pump his little daughter, Louison, re
specting a young gentleman who was pay
ing attention to her elder sister. "Be care
ful," said Mr. Argan, "for here is a little
finger that will tell me if you are not
truthful." After the little one had toM
all she knew, he put his little finger to hia
ear and said: "Here, my little finger is
saying something; yes, my little finger
tells me that^you saw something which
you did not tCll me." To this the little
one replied: .''There, my papa, all I have
to say is that your little finger is a liar."
NEW "YORK, Sept. 2.— The following
Californians are in New York: From San
Francisco— J.'Bermingham, V. G. Hush,
the Misses Preston and Mrs. E. P. Pres
ton,'at the Murray Hill; "A. Besson and
wife, at the Belvedere: Miss B. Burr,
Mrs. J. Burr and B.J. Rybecke, at the
Imperial; J. Cleary, at the Cosmopolitan;
H. Doyle and A. J. Delamarek, at-the
Holland; G. E. Dorn, at the Bartholdi;
C. P. Freeland, F. C. Windt, A. J. Tur
ner, , Mrs. C. D. Whaley, at the Herald
Square; T. Isaka, at the Union Square;
H. Goldman, at the Grand Union; Miss
M. Grogian, at" the Normandle; J. F. Hal
lett and S. A. White, at the Navarre; E.
W. Hoff, at the Gerard; S. E. Snyder and
wife, at the Gilsey ; L P. Spitz, at the
Cadillac; D. Tennant, at the Park Ave
nue. From Los AngeleB—J. D. McFar
lane and the Misses McFarlane, at the
Imperial ; C. E. Guyer, ' at the Broadway
Central; G. F. Herr, at th.e..Normandie;
W.' Jones and wife, at the Cadillac; H. J.
Kramer and wife, at the Ashland; H.
Wylie and wife, -at the Murray Hill.. From
Oakland— E. Bartholomew, at the St.
Denis.
Calif ornians in New York.
SUCCESSION— S. P., City. The law of
succession in California declares that if
a husband dies intestate and he leaves a
wife and one child or lawful issue of such
child, the property goes in equal shares to
the widow and the child or. lawful issue
of such child. If there be more than one
child the widow's share is one-third. On
the death of the husband one-half of the
community property goes to the widow..
MOTHER CAREY'S CHICKENS-Sub
seriber, City. The name,* "Mother Carey's
Chickens," which the sailors apply to the
stormy petrels was applied during the
first great French revolution to the fish
fags or fish wives of Paris, because, like
the stormy petrel, whenever ¦» they ap
peared in force on the streets of that city
they always foreboded a tumult of politi
cal storm.
; Another factor that has been helpful in the upward
movement is the spread of education and the ad
vancing intelligence of the general mass of the popu
lation. Furthermore, the improvements made in the
tenement districts of the great cities have had the
effect of rendering the, lives of the poor more health
ful and have diminished the craving for. drink/ Thus
each improvement made has had the effect of aiding
other improvements,;and all have tended "toward the
uplifting of that unfortunate class of. men and women
who under old conditions in England had no hope
of emerging from, poverty and distress, and who ac
cepted pauperism as an inevitable part of their life.
In this respect, then, thecensus showing can be justly
noted . by $he '¦ British with a- genuine gratification.
The remarkable decrease is said to be due to some
extent to the greater care exercised by the authorities
to prevent impostors from passing themselves off as
paupers and' thus living on the community' without
work, and something is also to be attributed to an
increase of private charity that saves many from
applying to the public for relief, but after ample de
ductions are made for these there'remains ample evi
dence in the diminished roll of paupers to prove that
the working classes have become more thrifty than
of old and more independent. With the rise in wages
and the inducements to save offered -by the savings
banks and. the numerous co-operative societies, the
people as a rule have advanced in independence and
in self-respect. It is no longer common among them
to spend dl their earnings and look to the poorhouse
as a place of refuge in old age. j.
AMID themany perplexities that confront them,
the British are finding something'of genuine
consolation in the returns of the recent cen
sus showing a notable decrease of pauperism in Eng
land and Wales. Between 1861 and 1871 the propor
tion of paupers to the whole population of those
countries ranged as high as forty-eight per thousand,
while there are now less than twenty-six per thou
sand.- The official figures reveal the ; gratifying fact
that despite the increase in the population as a whole
there are now actually less paupers' by one-fifth than
there were in the sixties. . •
PAUPERISM IN ENGLAND.'
.BISMARCK— A S. H., Oakland. . Cal.
"Bismarck's Autobiography" in the Eng
lish language was printed by the Harpers
and may be had from any bookseller. To
ascertain If the English edition is in the
Oakland Library call on the librarian for
the information^
SOLVENT DEBTS— K. T.. City. The
law of California says that solvent debts
or credits are taxable and defines "cred
its" as "those solvent debts not secured
Dy mortgage or trust deed owing to the
person, firm, corporation or association
assessed."
longevity of the population show, however, that from
the increase of doctors there has come no harm.
The duration of life of the average American has
increased considerably in the last ten years. -The
average age at death in 1890 was 31. 1 years, while in
1900 it was 35.2 years. 1^1890 the death rate in 271
registration cities of 5000 or more population was 21
per thousand; in 1900 it was 18.8 per thousand in
341 cities of 8000 population and upward, a reduction
of 2.4 per thousand. The gross population of the
cities comprehended was 14,958,254 in- 1890 and 21,
600,631 in 1900.
Taking the increase in the length of life as an evi-/
dence of a tendency, caused by forces which will con
tinue:, to operate in the. future, some calculators have
presented glowing predictions of the coming 'of a
time when hardly anybody will die. Thus one of them
says: "If we take the round figure of 2 per thousand
reduction every ten years as the basis of calculation,
it is evident that the 18.6 death rate of 1000 -will be
wholly wiped out in ten decades. In that case the
year 2000 will find the American people living forever,
except for the comparatively few of them who die
by violence or as a matter of personal 1 preference."
Of course many theories may be advanced to ex
plain the gratifying showing of the census. Some
may attribute the lengthening duration of life to the
excellent; sanitary work done by. public boards of
health, and -some may look upon it as an outcome of
introducing sophisticated food to common use, but
we believe the general sense of- mankind will' regard
it as a natural result of the increasing number of.
doctors. At any rate, the two things are something
more thaj concomitant facts. We may doubt the
efficacy of boards of health, we may doubt the virtue
of adulterated food, but what sane man doubts his
family doctor?
, We have spoken of the increase in the duration
-.According to " his figures as given to the press
there is now one doctor to every 600 people in the
United States; The records further show that while
the death rate among doctors does not" exceed 1600
a year, there are graduated annually about 6000. Of
course if such a disproportion between the doctors
that die and the doctors that ,are graduated and li
censed to practice continue, there will soon be. a
time when we will have as many physicians as there
are people. It is argued that such a condition of af
fairs would be in the nature of a calamity.
The reports of the Census Bureau concerning the
f> HORTLY after the graduating season, when the
medical colleges of the country had sent forth
a new brigade of young doctors, some statis
tician took alarm and began to figure out that there
is a danger of having too many doctors among us.
By way of proving his case he consulted the records
and brought to light an array of statistics which when
taken in themselves seem to justify his fears.
NEAR AND. OFF-C. H. and G. L.,
City. Near or nigh as applied to horses
or cattle driven In pairs signifies left and
right, the near or nigh horse Is the left
hand horse and the off horse is the right
hand one.
DOCTORS AND LONGEVITY.
ROSE BUSHES— J. J., City. The white
worms that are destroying the rose plants
In your garden are the result of 'a bad
quality of manure. For a remedy you
should consult a professional gardener.
The ultimatum which France has sent to Turkey
appears a very big^thing when considered by itself,
but it is only one of many dozens in the Sultan's col
lection, and he doubtless received it with the remark,
"You are not the only pebble on the beach."
MARU— W. K., Salinas, Cal. "Maru"
Is a Japanese title for. commercial ships,
always preceded by some other name.
"America Maru" means the commercial
ship America.
ON THE PENSION ROLL— Mrs. F. M.
S., Alameda, Cal. There are in round num
bers 296,000 survivors of the Civil War on
the pension roll.
J. A. Fontaine, the chief clerk- at the
Grand, has returned from a two weeks'
vacation in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
Mr. Fontaine was accompanied by his
wife while away.
Mrs. L. L. Baker , has come over from
Ross Valley, and has taken rooms at the
Palace. She is accompanied by her fam
ily.
Dr. G. D. Marvin, one of the resident
physicians at the Agnews Insane Asy
lum, is a guest at the Grand.
Among those who arrived yesterday on
the China is.E. P. Dole, a near relative of
Governor Dole of Hawaii.
Dr. E. W. Blddle, a prominent medical
man of Healdsburg, is among the recent
arrivals at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Davenport \ have
come down from Marysville and are stay
ing at the Lick.
T. H. Selvage, a" prominent attorney and
politician of Eureka, is a guest at the
Grand.
Thomas Flint Jr. has' come down from
San Juan and is registered at the Palace.
J. W. Dayton, a merchant of Eureka, is
at the- Grand. , •
J. F. Mariner, a fruit grower of Lincoln,
is at the Grand.
A. L. Castle, a Honolulu capitalist, is a
guest at % the Occidental.
G. W. Hull, a mining man of Jerome,
Ariz., is at the Occidental.
A. C. J. Van Dorsten, an oil speculator
of Hanford, is at the Lick. {
Mrs. B. F. Dillingham of Honolulu is
registered at the Occidental.
H. Karger and Dr. Neber, two German
scientists, are at the Palace.-
Bruce Cartwrlght, a capitalist of Hono
lulu, is a guest at, the Palace.
D. J. McFall, a mining man of Nevada
City, is a guest at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. H. M. Jones of Honolulu
are registered at the Occidental. _
F. D. Nicol, a leading attorney of
Stockton, is staying at the Lick.
W. F. George, an attorney of Sacramen
to, is at the Grand with his wife. .'. '
STBASBUBG CATHEDRAL— S., City.
The Strasburg Cathedral was begun In
1015 and was pronounced finished in 1439.
The clerk was so much amused at the
child's innocence and so pleased at the
inopportune wedding announcement that
he interrupted Mr. B.. who answered the
phone.— Indianapolis News.
"Well, is Mr. B. there?"
"Yes, but Mr. B. is engaged now, and I
fear he can't talk to
"Oh, I know he is engaged: he's en
gaged to my big sister. But he's allowed
to talk to me!"
"Hello. Is this Blank & Co.?" Inquired
a sweet little voice, when a clerk an
swered the phone.
The telephone bell rang.
"No, sweetness; you are the third edi
tion I have put to press to-night." — f
Yonkers Statesman. " v
She was a sweet young thing, and they
had exchanged the ballroom for the con
servatory. As his arm stole about her
mousseline-de-soie waist she murmured:
"Am I the first girl you ev«r hugged ?'\
He was a newspaper man, and therefore
he could not tell a lie, so he replied:
Sirs: We fed our baby on modified cow's
milk the first six months, but the milkman
did not understand how to modify his
cows properly,^- and in consequence the
child lost flesh till he weighed but one
pound. '
I now procured some of your celebrated
Infant's Food. This the baby managed to
trade off to the dog for some dog biscuit,
which he ate, and is now well and hearty.
The dog died, but dogs are cheap.
We are grateful to you, indeed. You
may use my name if you like. John Jones.
—Detroit Journal.
Yet they never put women on the
boards of strategists.— Indianapolis News.
"Whoopee, mamma!" said Johnny, rush
ing in, waving a report. "No more school
for three months! Won't us fellers have
a picnic?"
"Johnny, dear." said his mother, with a
far-off, weary look in her eyes, "how
would you like to go to the country and
spend the whole summer with your grand
ma and grandpa? If you will be real good
for a week, perhaps I'll let you go and
stay till the Saturday before school be
gins."
Pat— Well, if you had 10 shillings and I
asked you for the lend of 5, how much
would you have left?
Mike (strongly)— Ten shillings.
Pat— Ah, ye don't seem to ketch onter
my idea.
Mike— No; an' you don't seem to ketch,
onter my 5 shillings.— Tit-Bits.
Mike— I am.
Pat— Are you good at arithmetic, Alike?
The Improved Plan.— "Do you read a
novel as most women do?" asked the Ar
dent Admirer; "read the last chapter and
then the rest of the story?"
"Oh," said the Loveliest Girl, "that sort
of thing is out of date. We now read the
last chapter and then go to see the
dramatization." — Indianapolis Press.
Grandfather— Tou can't keep money, can
you, Jimmie? It seems to burn your
pocket.
Jimmie— Tes, gran'pap. that's why I
blow It.— Ohio State Journal.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
It is not clear, however, by what power Ireland
could enforce her claim under, the treaty should Par
liament determine to override it. The British Gov
ernment has no written constitution nor any court
with authority to set 2side an act of the Imperial Par
liament ytr. Redmond, however, seems to have no
fears as to the outcome, for he is reported as declar
ing that any suggestion of a reduction in the number
of Irish representatives is absurd. The issue in one
form or another is certain to come up before long,
for the English constituencies now unduly repre
sented are demanding additional members, and when
it comes it will bring up a new phase of the relations
between England and Ireland that will be almost sure
to add greatly to the existing discontent.
Redmond's claim is that Irish representation can
not be diminished without her consent, inasmuch as
it was fixed by the act of union, and the claim seems
to be valid. According to an authority on the sub
ject, the act provides that 100 Irish members should
sit in the British House of Commons. That number
has been exceeded by three, but it is argued that it
fixes the minimum and the number cannot be de
creased.
The interest of Ireland in the subject lies in the
fact that her population has not grown like that of
the rest of the kingdom and her people are now en
joying the benefit of a much larger representation in
proportion to population than those of England. A
comparison made from the returns of the recent cen
sus shows" that England has in round numbers '31,000,
coo inhabitants, Ireland 4,500,000, Scotland 4,500,000
and Wales 1,500,000. Were the Parliamentary seats dis-.
tributed in proportion to population, England would
have 500 members, whereas she has now but 465;
while Ireland, which has now 103 members, would
then have but 73; Wales, which now has 30, would
then Wave 24, and Scotland would have 73 instead of
72 as at present.
The explanation of the disparity is that the British
Parliamentary system was devised to represent inter
ests and not population. Thus, many of the old bor
oughs were given a representative no matter what the
population. When first arranged under the reform
bill the system proved satisfactory enough, but since
that time some cities have grown enormously, while
others have not grown at all, and as a consequence
there has arisen a demand for a change, the demand
coming, of course, from the growing and more vig
orous cities.
The subject has been under consideration for a long
time. Anything more unequal than the present ap
portionment of representatives among the people of
the United Kingdom it would be hard to find in any
land or in any age. For example, the city of Lon
don, with 26,807 inhabitants, has two representatives,
while the Rumford division of Essex, with a popula
tion of more than 217,000, has but one representative.
There are several boroughs whose members represent
fewer than 17,000 persons, while there are others hav
ing upward of 150,000 inhabitants for every repre
sentative.
FROM the vigor with which John Redmond de
nounced the alleged policy of the Conservatives
to reduce the number of Irish representatives in
Parliament it seems evident that the long-discussed
question of redistributing Parliamentary seats is
about to assume the importance of an issue of prac
tical politics. It may even be undertaken by the s
Government at the next session, for were it not hold
ing at this time a commanding place in the political
field it is hardly likely the Irish leader would have
devoted his. speech to it or been so earnest in de
nouncing it.
IRELAND IN PARLIAMENT.
"The only way Cartagena can be taken
is by a bombardment. Before this will be
done the inhabitants, who are mortally
afraid of Uribe-Uribe, will be surrendered
The most important point for the Gov
ernment to hold ia Baranquilla. which
controls the route of 'communication up
the Maddalena River from Bogota, ahd is
the key of the whole district. That town
captured, the Government would be in
the hands of revolutionists and Carta
gena would soon fall. I am so anxious
to have it end."
"A dispatch was received from Bogota
last night saying that the people of Ven
ezuela, Ecuador and Nicaragua were in
vading Colombia, as the people of those
states were in sympathy with the revolu
tionists. Some of the leading supporters
of the Government are advising the Presi
dent to issue a decree ordering the shoot
ing of known revolutionists at sight. Mar
tial law will be proclaimed.
Want Revolutionists Shot.
highest Colombian official In the Panama
Canal Company, but was exiled on ac
count of hi3 revolutionary tendencies. In
fact, all of the younger and more intelli
gent class of men are revolutionists. We
have but one newspaper here, controlled,
by the Government, but the Marquis dl
Gandolfi manages to know everything
that is going on among the first.
"Many political' arrests are made every
day. 'Nobody can go out at night and all
night long we can hear the . guards In
the streets calling to each other. At our
hotel is Colonel Arango, son of the late
Governor Arango of Panama, with his
wife and niece. His brother was the
"We have heard, too. that lately the
Government has given orders to the presi
dent of the Cartagena and Maddalena
Railway Company, which also owns the
line of steamers that run up the Madda
lena River to Bogota, to have them im
mediately armed with heavy guns for the
use of the Government. General Uribe-
Uribe Is reported to be near here, and the
Government is greatly alarmed.
Afraid of TJribe-TJribe.
"While the conflict is not raging as yet
badly around Cartagena, bands of guer
rillas are all over Colombia, and invasions*'"
from the adjoining countries are of fre
quent occurrence. These guerrillas are
revolutionary sympathizers.
the matter. Another case was that of an
Italian doctor, who took an Interest In
politics. He was invited to . board a
steamer under a military escort and was
sent off to Naples. All the -leading physi
cians of Cartagena have left, as they were
revolutionists.
MARCHIONESS DI GANDOLFI, FORMERLY MISS SILVIA ROTTANZI
OF THIS CITY, WHO IS AT PRESENT LIVING IN CARTAGENA,
"WHICH IS IN THE CENTER OF THE REVOLUTIONARY DISTRICT.
q r M ** y% -
TUESDAY .......... SEPTEMBER 3, 1001
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All CcBseaiefetions to W. 8. LEAKE, Manager.
MANAGER'S OFFICE. Telephone Press 204
I'L'BLICATIOX OFFICE. ..Market and Third, S. F.
. Telephone Press SOI.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202. * ;
Delivered by Carrier*. 15 Cents Per.- Weelc.
¦."_. ». • Sfnnrle Copies. 5 Cents. <!
Terms by 3Inll, Including Postage:
DAILY CALL (lncludlnc Sunday), one year. .7. Jfi.03
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 6 months 3.00
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday). 3 months 1.50
DAILY CALL — By Single Month 63c
FUXDAY CALL One Tear 1.50
WEEKLY CALL One Tear LOO
¦All poBimsstcrii & re* n of korf x?d to receive
subscriptions.
Sample ccplet will be forwarded when requested.
U»!I TObscrlb»rs Sn orderlnc charge of address should be
particular to give both XEW AXD OLD ADDRESS In order
to menre a prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 1118 Brondirny
C. GEORGE KROG.VESS.
J'ttfffr Tcnign tirtTtirizp, JT&r(cett« Building. CfcieajJ.
(Lent Distance Telephone "Central 1619.")
NEW TOHK CORRESPONDENT:
C C. CARLTOX Herald Sqnare
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE:
STEPHEX B. SMITH .30 Tribune Building
BRAXCH OFFICES 517 Montgomery, corner of Clay, open
until 5:30 o'clock. S00 Hayes, open until 9:30 o'clock. 633
McAllister, open until 9:30 o'clock. 615 Larkln, open until
*:S0 o'clock. 1911 Mission, open until 10 o'clock. 2561 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open
until 9 o'clock. 106 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW.
Truer Twenty-second and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock.
2208 Flllmore, open until 9. a. m.
Mr. Wright's final plea is for instruction. He sug
gests that it would be well for the Department of
Agriculture to establish experiment stations and train
ing schools in the black belt and wire grass region to r
educate the colored farmer as to the best means of;
working his farm. Certainly the statistics show that
the negro has done much to help himself, and it is
therefore well assured that he is the kind of person
who will make best use of any help given him by
others.
Taking the negroes of the whole State of Georgia,
Mr. Wright cites official statistics showing that from
a landless and penniless class of ex-slaves in 1865 the
negroes in Georgia by the year 1900 had become
owners of upward of 500.000 acres of land and owned
taxable property assessed at $14,118,720. The im
provement has been advancing at an increasing rate
ever since emancipation and is progressing now faster
than ever. ' *
The chief obstacle that confronts the negro of that
section of Georgia in his progress is his ignorance of
modern methods of farming. Mr. Wright says: "The
colored man has had no teaching along the lines of
agriculture and horticulture, the needs of plants and
plant growth, how to use fertilizers, how to make and
use common tools and how best to handle farm ma
chinery, nevertheless comparative view of slave la
bor and free labor is decidedly in favor of the freed
negro." Little or nothing lias been done to help the
negro in mastering tbe problems of farming. He has
worked out his salvation by sheer industry, honesty
and thrift.
Then follows this statement: "The criminal popu
lation of this section is not large. According to the
report of the principal keeper of the penitentiary,
there, are out of this negro population of more than
166,000 only 673 negro State prisoners." He adds:
"Some of the planters write me that when the colored
laborer is properly treated and is not subjected to ex
tortion and undue hardships there is ho more reliable
labor to be found anywhere, considering its degree
of intelligence."
By way of supplying information on that neglected
point of the race question,; Richard R.. Wright, presi
dent of the Georgia State College for Negroes, has
recently compiled statistics relating to a' representa
tive section of Georgia showing what the negro has
done and is doing in the way of work and achieving
by thrift even under the adverse circumstances that
surround him. He takes for illustration what is
known as the Wire Grass Region of Georgia. There
are thirty-two counties in the district, and in 1890 it
had a population of 144,839 whites and 166,710 ne
groes. In that year the negroes of the region owned
413,178 acres of land and Mr. Wright says: "All of
them began to work for small wages or part of the
crop. Now only about 30 per cent of them are crop
pers or wage-workers, 60 per cent of them are ten
ants working for themselves and 10 per cent own and
work their own farms."
DESPITE the race animosities existing in the
South, made evident by the frequency of ap
palling cases of lynch law, the negro has none
the less made a marked advance in his condition and
is actually enjoying a high degree of prosperity. In
the news of the day much space is given to the deeds
of the criminal negro and of the barbarous mobs that
avenge them, but comparatively little is ever told of
what the industrious negro is doing and of the. place
he holds in the social organism of the South. ¦
THE NEGRO AT- WORK.'
George Moore, the author of "Esther Waters," is
reported to have said recently that the French and
the Russians are the only people who have ever pro
duced good novels. The British and the Americans,
he says, write' about classes instead of about human
ity. All of which : shows that, however weak Mr.
Moore may be as a novelist,' he is better at that than
S&N FRANCISCAN WRITES FROM
COLOMBIA OF STIRRING TIMES
PERSONAL MENTION.
.' "On last week's steamer Mr. Murlo, sec
retary of General Uribe-Uribe, was a pas
senger, and the Government sent soldiers
three times to capture him. The last squad
numbered 200, 'but Captain Low refused
to give him up and wrapped the young
njan in the German flag. This was torn
to pieces. The' captain protested that the
soldiers' had no right to take Murio, as he
had all his papers from Mr. Silva. the
Colombian Minister at Washington, and a
passport ' from the military commandant
at Savanilla, But it was of no avail. The
German Vice Consul let the soldiers take
him, despite the protests of Captain Low.
It Is thought this action will cause the
German Government to take a hand in
"A steamer of the Atlas line reaches
here once a week, and leaves' the same
afternoon. Since the revolution com
menced the mail Is sent to the Govern
ment House for Inspection. It Is also in
spected before it Is sent out. I have
heard that young ladies have been greatly
disturbed by finding the letters from their
sweethearts brought open to them,' while
those addressed to poor foreigners are de
stroyed. • '
Mail Is Censored.
"We already pay so much-duty on flour,
rice, sugar, lard, , butter, potatoes, onions,
etc., that we are already . suffering for
them, as we can only get these goods
from the United States. Malnero Crucco
is the Italian Consul here and one of the
wealthiest bankers in Colombia. He is
one of the few who has made money out
of the revolution, as he issued several mil
lions of 'white notes,' or billets, at 6 per
cent profit for the bankers.
"It is now over sixteen months since a
6teamer has gone there from Cartagena.
I am no longer afraid of a bombardment,
although the greater portion of the popu
lation is' very much alarmed/ \ Day and
night we are continually guarded by sol
diers. For six months past, we have had
no electric. lights, either in the houses or
on the streets.
THE Marchioness dl' Gandolfl," for
merly Miss Silvia Rottanzi, of this
city, and daughter of the late Dr.
•Antonio Rottanzi, who left here
two years ago for Cartagena, one of the
principal towns of the, United States- of
Colombia, to be married, is now in the
center of the revolutionary district - and
has lately written a number of interest
ing letters to her relatives here describ
ing 1 conditions | surrounding life In
.that hotbed of a Central American revo
lution. Her letters read in part as fol
lows: -
"I hope that we are at the beginning
of the end of this unhappy war. ' This
morning, when I was at the cathedral,
the whole: battalion of the Government
troops received holy communion, and-' I
assure you it was very impressive to
hear at the elevation, all at -once, the
bands, organ and church- bells.. The
cathedral is immense and holds . more
than . 3000 people. At ' a ' short distance
from our hotel Is a caserona, or barracks,
where the soldiers . have their exercises
every day and night.* Were you here,
you would pity these poor boys, 13, 14,
15 years of age, who are compelled to go
to war, only to commit'- murder. This
morning they gave 500 cudgelings to a
v poor soldier because .he tried to evade
duty. I am told that with the sound of
trumpets and drums they tried " to stifle
his cries.
"The former American Consul at Baran
quilla, the ; most Important place because
it Is the port that communicates with Bo
gota by the river Maddalena, said that In
the interior, in the State of Cauca, larger
than France, and where my husband has
his mines, and' the richest country for
cocoa, revolution is everywhere rampant."
But if bad advice prevail and union labor insist
that it is antagonistic to the community of which it
is a part, and the attack on personal and property
rights shall not close, but continue until our institu
tions are overthrown, labor will find that its best op
portunity has vanished with the Government which
made it, and that having burned the bridge which
carried him over the laborer will long in vain for the
benefits he hay abandoned, the opportunity he ! has
destroyed and the advantages- which law and order
and impartial government put within his reach. .
From the loins of the men who marched in Ameri
can cities yesterday will spring the rich men, the mil
lionaires of the future. The great American fortunes
of to-day were begun, by boatmen, fur trappers," sail
ors, blacksmiths and miners, who half a century ago
were clad not as comfortably as the paraders of yes
terday, nor paid one-half the wage.
These facts admonish the working population to
turn a deaf ear to the agitators and. enthusiasts who
tell them that our Government and society are wrong
and that they are slaves with a grievance against both
that can be avenged only by violence and bloodshed.
In this country under the impartial administration
of the law there has always been and is now the best
and broadest opportunity for man that has ever been
in the world. For that reason enterprise accumulates
wealth and labor accumulates comfort. In every city
in the United States .the marching thousands^ of la
boring men presented to the world a spectacle never
before nor elsewhere possible. It was an exhibit of
the beneficence of American institutions and their
power to produce the largest number of well-paid,
well-fed and well-housed workers ever seen on the
planet.
Those who- lead or teach it otherwise are not its
friends and are actuated by ulterior motives that have
in them no good for the workers. Our institutions
are intended to uphold the rights and the dignity of
labor, and American experience fortifies* the conclu
sion that it is best for society that as many men as
possible shall begin their career with the capacity to
support themselves by the labor of their hands. Any
restriction upon this right is a wrong to society,
whether it conies from the leadership of labor or the
partial administration of the law. It pleases a part
of the labor of the j country to associate itself in
unions. And it pleases a much larger part of the
labor of the country to non-associate. One has no
right superior to that enjoyed by the other. No man
willing to work can be prevented doing so, except by
unlawful attacks upon his person. Such attacks,
while aimed at him to deprive him of his birthright
to work, are really aimed at the law which protects
that birthright, and the blow that strikes the law is
aimed at the Government itself.
THE special holiday for labor, observed and cele
brated all over the Union, was observed credit
ably in San Francisco. One was impressed "by
the plain separation of the strikers and non-strikers.
A majority of the parading unions are at peace with
their employment and omitted any evidence of malice
or disordered temper. The observer- was impressed
by the general evidence of thrift and comfort shown
by the thousands that marched. The display of well
dressed, well-fed and good-humored workingmen was
a credit to our institutions and to the Government
which protects all men impartially in their rights of
person and .property. It was plain that a vast ma
jority of the men who marched understood their ret
lation as a part of the whole community, and failed to
feel anj' class ostracism or any special class burdens
or privileges. This is as it should be. Labor is not
an Ishmael cast out from the tent of its birth to
scorch its feet in the hot sands. It is a part of the
tribe, with a birthright in the community and inter
ests inseparable from those common to all. -Z^-.-X
6
LABOR DAY.
of life as a gratifying fact, but it is to be noted there
are 'some -who are by no means convinced that it is
a good thing for the average man to live any great
length of time. , One of those philosophers puts
these questions: "May we not be growing ¦ too
healthy _for our* own ultimate happiness? What are
the doctors and the undertakers going to do when, the
death-rate touches zero .^and" vanishes altogether?;
What is to become of the poor heirs waiting for a
chance to live- on other people's money when tes
tators omit to die and wills never reach the Probate,
Court? Moreover, -if the birth . rate 'still holds up
after the^death rate has completely petered out, shall
we not fce soon as overcrowded all over the country
as Ave are now on the Brooklyn Bridge? Shades of
Malthus! whither are' we drifting?"
THE SAN FRANCISCO G^L, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 190*
cup and the Lipton.
From the amount of British money reported to be
in sight to bet pn Lipton's boat, it would appear that
Jchn BUI1 thinks he has a sure, thing, but once more
we may show him there is many a slip between the
AMUSEMENTS. .
California— "An Ideal Husband."
Orpheum— Vaudeville. '-'-'"J^ *
Columbia — "A Royal Family."
Central— "A Voice From the 'U*ild>rnese."
Alcazar — "Jngomar." >
Grand Opera-house— "Rosedale."
Tlvoll— "Mlgaon."
Chutes. Zoo and Theater — Vaudeville every afternocn and
evening.
Fischer's— Vaudeville.
Sutro Baths— Swimming.
AUCTION SAXES.
By S. V."atkins— This day. at 11 a. m., Horses, Wagons,
B'jpglcs. etc.. at 1140 Folsom street.
10 SUBSCRIBERS LEAYIKG TOWH FOR THE SUMMER.
Call Ktibscrlbera contemplating - a chance «f
reiideaee dnrlnc tlie summer months can nav*
their paper forirnrded Jjy mall to their mew
addresses by notifying; The Call Business Office.
Thin p&ficr will also be on sale at all summer
resort* and is represented by » local aQeat i»
towtir on the coast.the races follow, the names being given
in the order in which the contestants
finished:
First race. Branch No. 3, Sodality of Immac
ulate Conception— Louis Fahy, J. Thurber.
Second race. Branch No. 2, Sodality of Im
maculate Conception— H. Harrington, E. O'Con
nell.
Third race, Branch No. 1. Young Men's So
dality—J. Sharkey, E. Lucett.
Fourth race. Branch No. 1, Holy Angels—
Grace Sharkey, Rose Bumen.
Fifth race. Branch No. 2, Holy Angels— M.
Bentzineer, Gertie White.
Sixth race, Children of Mary— Mary Doherty,
Marsaret Plunkett.
Seventh race, altar boys under 12— John Lyons,
William Harrlneton.
Eighth race, altar boys over 12— H. McElar
ney, T. Lally.
Ninth race, married ladles— Mrs. Steel, Mrs.
Pencilly.
Special fat ladles' race— Mrs. Lung, Mrs. Car
roll. Mrs. Karney.
Special race for young girls— Annie Sullivan,
Minnie Warren.
Tenth race, single ladies— Miss Lottie Peter
son, Maggie Gulnne.
Eleventh race, married men — William Steele,
James Law lor.
Twelfth race, single men— R. Kennedy, S.
Now, is the; time to visit Lake - Tahoe.
Friday to Tuesday tickets via Southern
.Pacific $10.80; ten days $13.80. The scenery
is now at its best. '/. .^~r, ..-. .* = .
Mr. and . Mrs. , Joseph T. Pohelm an
nounce the engagement of their daughter,
Katherine Helen, . to Leo Ludwig Pock
witz. The wedding ¦ will- take place in
October. ¦¦¦ ; --v* i --' " ¦<¦
They're Engaged.
• BOSTON, Sept. 2.— The Prohibitionists
of Massachusetts named the following
ticket to-day for the impending State po
litical campaign: For; Governor, John B.
Lewis Jr. of Reading- for Lieutenant Gov
ernor, William H. Patridge of Newton;
for - • Secretary l of the Commonwealth,
Frederick W. Clark of. Boston: for Treas
urer rand Receiver General,' George E.
Bachelderof Dynfield; for Auditor, P. W.
Smith- of Dal ton: for Attorney General,
Allen Coffen , of • Nantucket.
Prohibitionists Name State Ticket.
Yatshneof claims , that the women fell
from the cliff and met death and that he
is innocent. Advices ; received from Uni
mak by the steamer Santa Ana yester
day state that : the special » Grand ; Jury,
after listening to the . evidence in the
case," brought in an < indictment charging
the Indian with murder in the. first de
gree. , ' ' . • . r'~l . '
SEATTLE, Sept." 2.— Gregore Yatshneof,
an Indian of Uniniak,, Alaska, has been
indicted by . the special Grand Jury sit
ting in Unalaska, for the, murder -of his
three wives. The crime is alleged to have
taken place thirty-five miles from Una
laska. ¦ The three women were found ly
ing at the foot of a cliff on the seashore.
.Wounds which they bore first caused the
suspicion that they had • met a violent
death at the hands of their common hus
band.' One .- witness. It is said,' has been
found who saw the deed committed.
CHARGED WITH MURDER, :
OF HIS THREE SQUAWS
Alaskan Indian Indicted by a Special
v Grand Jury Sitting in
• , Unalaska.
FRESNO, Sept. 2.— A consignment of
25 000 rainbow trout was received from the
State Fish Commission to-day. Twenty
thousand will be placed in the south fork
of the San Joaauin and the others in
Whisky Creek.
Trout for Fresno Streams.
SWANSEA, Wales, Sept. 2.— The thirty
fourth annual -trades union congress as
sembled here to-day under the presidency
of C. W. Bowerman.M. P. -About four
hundred delegates were present, repre
snting a million working people. Among
the subjects which will be discussed are:
"Higher Grade Education,". "Housing of
the Working: Classes," "A General Eight-
Hour Day, Compulsory Arbitration in
Trades Disputes," •.'Parliamentary, Fran
chise for Women," "Adult Suffrage" and
"Old Age Pensions."
Congress of Trades Unions.
OMAHA, Sept. 2.— Considerable signifi
cance is thought to attach to the accept
ance of an invitation of the Jacksonian
Club of this city to speak at its annual
picnic; September 21. by Governors. Cul
berson of Texas and McMillin, of Ten
nessee. William J. Bryan has also sig
nified his willingness to address the Dem
ocrats of Nebraska at that time, which is
said to add to the significance of the oc
casion. It is not known what steps, if
any will be taken toward outlining fu
ture policies and discussing probable
Democratic candidates, but . one or two
party leaders have intimated that these
matters will come up. The club had par
tially decided to extend an invitation to
David B. Hill to be present and deliver
an address, but for reasons which were
not made public this was not done. Sev
eral notable Democratic leaders will be
present other than those mentioned, how
ever, and quite elaborate arrangements
are being made for their entertainment.
cuss National Candidates
and Policies.
Belief Expressed That They Will Dis-
DEMOCRATIC LEADERS
1 WILL MEET AT OMAHA
"If you want to hear the truth, I did
not murder those men, nor do I know
anything about it."
The hangman then put upon O'Brien
the black cap, the trap was shot, and
without a sound, or struggle the murder
er passed to the court of last appeal.
After hanging twelve minutes he was
pronounced dead. " Dislocation of the
neck must have killed him instantly.-
''Take it away. I don't care to hear it.
I have the power to place a curse on you
all. I have placed my curse on five men.
Go on and kill me— torture. me if you like
—but you will not escape my curse."
He then relapsed into silence until the
black-masked hangman appeared, when
he again railed, and cursed the officials
and made a request to be burled outside
the Jail yard. He walked firmly to the
gallows. Before the black cap was ad
justed he was asked if he wished to con
fess and replied without a tremor:
O'Brien was awakened by Sheriff Etl
beck at 7:30 o'clock in the morning. He
immediately arose and . began to curse
the Sheriff, to whom he cried when the
warrant was read: . . .
. VICTORIA, B. C, Sept. 2.— Full details
of the hanging of O'Brien, the Yukon
murderer, at Dawson on August 23, were
received here in papers from the north
to-day. O'Brien's last night was spent
quietly, and although he feigned insan
ity he talked sensibly to the newspaper
men, who were his last visitors. Ho pro
tested his innocence and declared he was
being punished for a crime he had never
committed. - ¦
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Hardy, parts his hair in the middle,
has large ears, small brown eyes, a large
nose, high cheek bones and a full face.
He is smooth shaved and has a habit of
keeping his mouth slightly open.
It is also alleged that Hardy murdered
his former partner, Williams. The v latter
disappeared after he hired the > dory.
When' Hardy was arrested a gun and a
pair of scissors .belonging to Williams
were found in his possession. .
. General Wood is anxious that when
Cuba is turned over to the independent
government the treasury will be In
a first class condition and that. the cur
rent receipts be at least equal to the ex
penditures.
They were found by a Deputy Marshal.
The watch bore the inscription, "Julius,
to Florence," the latter being the first
name of one of the Sullivans.
General Wood advised the officials of
the War Department to-day not to put
into effect the proposed revision of the
Cuban tariff. He. fears that the new tar
iff which has been framed would not pro
duce sufficient revenue to provide. for the
expenses of the island. The present tariff
yielded last year about $16,000,000, being
about one million more than was required
for the insular expenses.
Governor General Wood, who stopped in
Washington for a few hours to-day on
his way back to Havana, explained why
it would be necessary for the American
occupation to continue until next spring.
The Cuban constitutional convention has
not yet adjourned, but it is expected to
do so soon after General Wood's arrival
in Havana.
After thisaadjournmerit, according to
the provisions of the electoral law framed
by the convention, 112 days must elapse
before the holding of the first elections
under the new government. These elec
tions will be for subordinate offices. Then
112 days more must elapse before the hold
ing of the Presidential elections. It will
thus be some time next spring or possi
bly early in the summer before the Presi
dent can be inaugurated and the Cuban
government set in operation. Until the
new government is actually in running
order General Wood will continue to gov
ern the island as a Military Governor and
the American troops will remain.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,, N.
W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 2.— Cuba will
not be completely evacuated by the mili
tary forces of the United States until
next April at the very earliest.
When Hardy heard . that the officers
were after him he tied up, it is claimed,
bis gold watch, a diamond JUn and a few
other pieces of Jewelry - ana hid them.
In company with a man named Wil
liams, Hardy deserted from the schooner
Arago in Unimak Bay. The two went to
some fisher folk and endeavored to obtain
the loan of a dory. It seems that at this
time, they parted. Williams was success
ful in getting the boat, but Hardy did
not have money to make the deposit
which was demanded. He then,. it is. be
lieved, crossed the Island to the east side
of Cape Lapen and there murdered j the
three men of the Sullivan party. - Ho
stood on a high bank above them, it is
alleged, and ODened fire. This was on
June 7. He then returned to the bay,
made a deposit with the fisherman, ob
tained the dory and rowed around by
False Pass to the northeast corner of the
island, where he gambled with fishermen.
He lived in a cabin belonging to two men
named Rosenberg and ¦ Scott, both of
whom were held as witnesses against
him. It was at this place that he was ar
rested. • - ¦
Hardy, who is 25 years old, pleaded not
guilty to the charge against him. Hie
career on the island has been traced by
Deputy Marshal Sullivan and other offi
cers. In addition to the testimony of
Owen Jackson, a survivor of the Sullivan
party, which has already been published,
strong evidence was collected against the
young man. ; n. ¦ » •¦
Hardy says that when he was mustered
out in San Francisco last year he had
$1100 in his possession. Commissioner
Whipple, before whom he had his prelimi
nary hearing, it is reported, declares that
he had only $585 on him when arrested.
Hardy says he had $6S5 left of the original
$1100 at that time, and accuses the Com
missioner of holding out $100. According
to advices, the Grand Jury, before It re
turns to Nome, will make an investiga
tion of this phase of the case.
Hardy claims to be a nephew of John
Wanamaker of Philadelphia, ex-Postmas
ter General of the United States, and de
clares that he served in the Philippine
Islands with the Tenth Pennsylvania Vol
unteers, entering as a private and rising
to be first lieutenant in his company. He
afterward, he claims, enlisted in the Elev
enth Cavalry.
SEATTLE, Sept. 2.— Fred Hardy, who
was recently arrested In Alaska on a
charge of having assassinated Cornelius
and Florence Sullivan of Butte and P. J.
Rooney of Seattle en Unimak Island on
August 28, is probably now on trial in
Unalaska. A special Grand Jury taken
from Nome brought in an indictment of
murder in the first degree against Hardy
before Judge Wickersham. The trial was
set for August 28.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Graham, a wen-known citizen of Weber
County and a prominent official in the
Mormon church, was shot and almost In
stantly killed while returning home from
church last night. The affair is shrouded
in mystery, there being no clew to the
perpetrators of the deed.
Peach Shatters Plate Glass.
VISALIA, Sept. 2.— Nathan Levy, a mer
chant of this city, to-day threw a peach
at a colored man who was playing pranks.
The peach missed the man and broke a
plate glass window valued at $500. The
peach was from a Tulare County orchard.
It was about fourteen inches in circum
ference and went through the window like
*a cannon ball.
Shot by Foes in Ambush.
HUNTSVILLE. Utah, Sept. 2.— Robert
Beat and Rob the Chinese Cook and
Later Land in San Rafael's
Jail. .
SAX RAFAEL, Sept. 2.— Fong Ah Tong
and Ah-j, Lee, suposed to be highbinders
from San Francisco, at noon to-day en
tered the ark Argonaut at Larkspur, be
longing to A- Schilling of San Francisco,
beat the Chinese cook, Jim Sing, into in
sensibility, took $160 and started down
the railroad track for Sausalito.
Jim Sing, after regaining consciousness,
notified the authorities here, who wired
to Constable Creed in Sausalito. Creed
found the two robbers and arrested them
with the aid of Constable William Train
or, and they were brought to San Ra
fael. Here a charge cf burglary and
deadly assault was entered against them.
HIGHBINDERS INVADE
AN ARK AT LARKSPUR
Murderer O'Brien Goes
to His Doom in
Dawson.
Murderer Claims to Be a
Nephew of John
Wanamaker.
Troops Will Not ,Leave
the Island Before
Next Spring.
His Acts a Blank to Kim.
DENVER, Sept. 2.— Jesse Agnew, fore
man of a 7000-acre sheep ranch owned by
Frank Re.- Gooding, near Shoshone, Idaho,
entered the police surgeon's office here to
day and placed himself in care of the au
thorities. He was very weak. He claimed
that all his acts since August 27, when he
was In Shoshone, were a blank to him.
He said:
"My health has been poor for a year. I
believe my whole system, mental and phy
sical, must have collapsed suddenly.- The
strain of watching the work on the big
ranch was very great. Then I had some
bitter domestic trouble."
MILITARY RULE
FOR THE CUBANS
Nunez says the play is an Insult to the
American people, especially the American
women. Lucha called it an infamous ca
lumny in three acts. Most of the news
papers here condemn it as unjust.
A man inoculated with Dr. Cajdass'
serum and then bitten by a mosquito in
fected with the yellow fever is expected
to recover. / .
HAVANA, Sept. 2.-The French play
.translated into Spanish called "The Pork
Kings, or Uncle Sam." was produced at
the Payret Theater Friday night, but was
suppressed last night by order of Civil
Governor Nunez, notwithstanding the
fact it had been passed by the censor.
It Is an Insult to American
Men and Women.
Civil Governor Nunez Declares That
AN OBJECTIONABLE PLAY
IS SUPPRESSED IN HAVANA
Mr. Fay believes it will develop that at
least forty lives were lost, as he heard
it rumored there were more laborers In
the car than had been reported. He con
firms the telegraphic reports that the
freight had been left on the grade while
the engines went to coal and take water,
that a leakage in one of the air brakes
released the train and it started down the
Fteep grade on its mission of death, gain
ing velocity with every revolution of the
wheels until It was racing after the pas
senger train at the rate of seventy-five
miles an hour.
ACCUSE SUPERINTENDENT
OF INVITING A BRIBE
Striking Smelter Men File Their
Answer in the Company's In
junction Suit. "-*•
EPOKAXE, Wash., Sept. 2.— Sensational
charges are made in the reply of the
Northport Smelter Manufacturers' Union
to the injunction suit and restraining- or
der forbidding interference with the smel
ler employes. The union charges that a
majority of the stock in the smelter com
pany is owned by subjects of King Ed
ward, who have no right to own lands in
this State. Charges are also preferred
against Superintendent of the Smelter Ka
dish. who is accused of offering a bribe
of 52000 to an officer of the union to break
lit up. The union men state to the court
' that they "only claim the right to go to
whomsoever is willing to hear them and
tell the exact facts and persuade persons
by peaceable means."
DIES CURSING
THE HANGMAN
Hall. •
Thirteenth race, three-legged— J. Murphy and
D. Sullivan. H. McElarney and T. Lally.
Fourteenth race, Altar Society collectors— Rose
Bumen, Mamie Waldon, M. Gulnne.
Fifteenth race. Sanctuary Sewing Circle— Rose
Webber, Clara O'Hara.
Sixteenth race, active members of Vincent de
Paul Society— James Lawler, P. McGuire.
Special prizes were awarded as follows:
Prettiest widow-Mrs. Denny, Mrs. Ford*,
Heaviest lady— Mrs. Roser. Mrs. Traut:
Heaviest gentleman — "W. G. Gantner.
Prettiest girl under 18— Edna Coret.
Most popular priest— Father Keane.
Oldest lady on ground— Mrs. B. Flood, Mrs.
Fielding, Mrs. Cadlsan.
The committee who were active in pro
viding enjoyment for the pleasure-seekers
were: -
Floor— G. W. Bayreuther, manager: P. Kelly,
assistant manager: H. W. Gantner, J. J. Miley,
W. J. Lawler, T. Sheehan, K. Lucett, E. Brod
erick, H. Thurber and T. Hlckey. -,.
Reception— Mesdames Mlley, Smith, Anglln,
Derham, Denny, Bayreuther, Silk, Teg-gart,
Black, O'Connor and the Misses Denney, An
glln, Simpers. Dillon, Casey and Griffin.
Judges of jig and reel dancing— James Mur
phy and-F. SchillinK.
ASSASSIN HARDY
GENTLY REARED
THE picnic given by the parishion
ers of St. Joseph's Church yester
day was a great success. More
than 2000 people were In attend
ance and had an enjoyable time,
thanks to the untiring efforts of hard
working committees. There were all sorts
of diversions, including jig and reel danc
ing, races and games and a baby show.
The Rev. P. Scanlon, pastor of St."
Joseph's, and his assistants, the Rev.
Fathers Keane, Sullivan, Hartnette and
Collins, were untirinc in their efforts to
make the members of their congregation
comfortable. To their untiring efforts is
due the fact that there was not a dull
moment during the entire day. One hun
dred and fifty valuable gate prizes, do
nated by as many generous givers, were
distributed to holders of winning num
bers.
The races and games were in charge of
: T. Treacy, J. Lawler, E. Curtis, C. As
mussen, J. P. McGuire. H. W. Gantner
and P. M. O'Connor. Not one of their
decisions was questioned. The results of
BERLIN, Sept. 2.— In spite of the efforts
made to preserve the non-political aspect
of the coming meeting between Emperor
William and the Czar the Schlessisch©
Zeitung's St. Petersburg correspondent
declares that the Czar has been in auto
graphic correspondence with the Emperor,
special couriers visiting Berlin twice
weekly, bearing letters which have not
passed through <he hands of any officials.
The imperial party took a train for
Fredensborg this afternoon. They were
warmly acclaimed by an immense crowd
at the depot.
ELSINORE, Denmark, Sept. 2.— Th*e
Russian imperial yacht Standart, with the
Czar and Czarina on board, anchored here
at 2 p. m. to-day. The imperial party was
received at the waterside by King Chris
tian and . all the members of the royal
family.
to the Officials.
Letters Which Are Not Shown
Special Couriers Visit Berlin With
KAISER A2JD THE CZAR
KEEPING IN CLOSE TOUCH
PARISHIONERS OF ST. JOSEPH'S CHURCH ENJOYING THEIR ANNUAL OUTING OVER IN MARIN COUNTY,
WHERE THEi DANCED AND RACED AND SPENT A DAY IN WHICH THERE "W AS NOT A DULL MO
MENT, AS THE ARTIST HAS SHOWN.
Women in the Role of Min
istering Angels After the
Catastrophe.
"The place looked like a battlefield, and
I shall never forget it as long as I live.
We had no stretchers, and it was neces
sary to use blankets in carrying the dead
and injured into the tourist car. The
action of a little girl saved one man's
life. Just a second before the collision
occurred he was standing on the rear
platform of our car, and she called him
inside to point out something of interest.
He thus escaped being crushed to death
by the car which crashed into ours."
"Superintendent Downs' car was under
the freight cars, smashed into splinters,
and no one ever obtained a view of him
cr his son, although the man who rescued
the cook says he saw the foot of one of
them.
"All of the trainmen and as many of
the passengers as could get near look
part in the rescue until driven away by
the flames, which reached the car occu
pied by the iaborers in about an hour and
& half. 'Jack' Kennedy, a bridge carpen
ter who haci been discharged from the
road the day before, performed the only
act of real heroism. He jumped into the
debris of the car, with the flames roar
ing all about him, and succeeded in cet
ling cue of the laborers within reach of
the other men. Then he fell exhausted,
with his shoes and clothing in flames.
The man he .rescued was begging pit
eously to be taken out, and~ the timbers
had been moved so that it was possible
to get to him just as a roar of fire drove
the men back. It was then that Kennedy
jumped forward and saved him. He was
himself so overcome by the heat that he
lost consciousness, but soon revived. His
clothing was so badly burned that it
had to be removed.
"The sight was one that shall never be
forgotten," said Mr. Fay this morning,
"and Is beyond the power of man to min
utely describe. We were just entering Ny
ack, and In three minutes would have
been standing at the depot, and if the
collision had occurred then every car
in our train would have been telescoped
and the loss of life enormous, for it was
a long, heavy train and every car was
filled. As It was a rear-end collision the
fact that we were running about thirty
miles an hour lessened the force of the
impact, and only three cars were dam
aged. Two ladies and three gentlemen
owe their lives to the fact that they
had just left their seats in section 14 to
go into the dining car. In fact all but
nine persons who had berths in the Pull
man were either in the dining car or the
smoking room in front of the car, and
thus escaped injury.
"Following the lirst crash there was
intense excitement and commotion, but
as soon as the extent of the damage was
known every passenger on the train did
ell he could to help in the work of res
cue. The ladies were very courageous in
proffering their services, but they were
kept away from the scene, which brougnt
tears to the eyes of strong men. They,
however, supplied bandages and nour
ishment for the injured until the physi
cians arrived at 11 o'clock.
SEATTLE, Sept 2.-Max H. Fay of
San Francisco, who was" a passenger on
the Great Northern train that was
wrecked at Nyack, Mont., on Friday
night. Is in Seattle. Fay was in the
midst of the crash and wreckage from.the
first, as he was in the Pullman attached
to the front end of the car occupied by
the laborers.
Special Diepatch to The Call.
"I have heard nothing officially on the
subject," said the Consul, "and if such a
step was contemplated I feel sure that I
would have been informed of It. Minister
Wu Ting Fang is very popular with the
American Government and his - transfer
would certainly call forth a friendly pro
test from the Department of State at
Washington. The Imperial Government
would notify the Minister if such transfer
was intended and he would send me the
news. In the absence of anything official
I look upon the statement of the Minis
ter's transfer as a mere rumor. The re
port in an evening paper that I would
leave San Francisco has no foundation at
all. Even if Minister Wu Ting Fang was
removed to London I would remain here."
Ho Yow, the Chinese Consul in this city,
was seen last evening at the consulate on
Stockton street, and he stated that he did
not believe the report that Minister Wu
Ting Fang was to be transferred from this
country to England.
The report that Minister Wu" is to be
transferred is not credited at the State
Department. - It is believed to be a revival
of the report circulated in Peking some
weeks ago. which Commissioner Rockhill
at that time denied in a dispatch to the
State Department.
Mr. Wu was not willing to state who his
probable successor in Washington would
be, though the Inference drawn from the
dispatch from London is that Li Ching
Fang, the adopted son of Li Hung Chang,
having declined the St. Petersburg post,
will 'come to Washington.
Mr. Wu said to-day that he recently
read In a Chinese, newspaper that Kuei
Chun was making preparations for h'.s
departure from Peking for St. Petersburg,
and he could not reconcile these facts
with the report from London of the trans
fers in China's diplomatic representation.
Kuei Chun when assigned to St. Peters
burg did not proceed at once to his post,
owing to the outbreak of the Boxer trou
bles, but Minister Wu has not heard any
thing since, the appointment to indicate
that his mission has been canceled.
Minister Wu's three-year term at Wash
ington expired more than three years ago
and although he has not received any of
ficial notice from China he has had un
official information that he will be al
lowed to remain here for another three
years. In addition to being Minister to
the United States he Is also accredited
to the Governments of Spain and Peru,
and he is now making arrangements to
visit Peru officially.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
N. W., WASHINGTON, Sept. 2.-Minlster
Wu Ting Fang, Chinese Minister at Wash
ington, does not believe that he is to be
transferred to London, and that the Min
ister at London Is to be sent to St. Peters
burg. v He has not been Informed by his
Government that any such transfer la con
templated. The general rule in Chinese
diplomatic service Is that a Minister will
remain at one post for only three .years.
Has Unofficial Information
That He Is to Remain
at Washington. •
In the midst of the address. General
Nelson A. Miles arrived, and when Roose
velt had finished he was introduced by
Governor Van Sant. General Miles spoke
briefly, congratulating the people upon
their achievements in the past, which
causes Minnesota, he said, to stand in the
front rank of the States of the great re
public." He spoke of Minnesota's war
record, saying: "It is her record in history
and her glory that she gave the regiment
which made the noblest and greatest
sacrifice in the cause of humanity and
liberty."
Governor Van Sant then introduced
former Governor Ramsay. The Vice
President and party then repaired to the
Jobbers' Hall, v;here an informal recep
tion was held.
As to our relations with foreign powers.
Vice President Roosevelt said that our
nation, while first of all seeing to its own
domestic well-being, must not shrink
from playing its part among the great
nations without.
There was, he contended, but the scanti
est justification for most of the outcry
against men of ¦wealth, as such, and it
ought to be unnecessary, he said, to state
that any appeal which finally entails the
possibility of lawlessness and Violente
was an attack l upon the fundamental
properties of American citizenship.
) "Our interests are at bottom common,"
he continued. "In the long run we go
up or down together. Yet more and- more
it is evident that the State, and. if neces
sary, the nation, has got to possess the
right of supervision and control as re
gards the great corporations which are its
creatures, particularly as regards the
great business combinations which derive
a portion of their importance from the
existence of some monopolistic tendency."-
Supervision of the Corporations.
"We cannot possibly do our best work
as a nation unless all of us know how to
act in combination, as well as to act each
individually for himself. This acting in
combination can take many forms, but,
of course, its most effective form must
be when it conies In shape, of law; that
is, of action by the community as a
whole through the lawmaking bodies. It
is not only highly desirable but neces
sary* that there should bo legislation
which shall carefully shield the interests
of wage workers, and which shall dis
criminate in favor of the honest and
humane employer by removing the dis
advantage under which he stands when ¦
compared with unscrupulous competitors
who have no conscience and will do right,
only under fear of punishment. Nor can
legislation stop with what are termed
labor questions. The vast individual and
corporate fortunes, the vast combinations
of capital, which have marked the de
velopment of our industrial system, create
new conditions and necessitate a change
from the old attitude of the State and
nation toward prosperity."
Vice President Rooseve.lt in beginning
his address paid a high tribute to the
character and energy of the men fde
scended, he said, from a race of pioneers
which had pushed westward into, the
wilderness and laid the foundations for
new commonwealths. The men with ax
and pick and plow, who. he • said, had
pushed to completion the dominion of our
people over the American wildernes*, had
shown by their qualities of daring, en
durance and far-sightedness that, they
recognized in practical form the funda
mental law of success in American life —
the law of worthy work; the law of reso
lute, high endeavor. -
Continuing, he said: "It seems to me
that the simple acceptance of this funda
mental fact of American life will help us
to start aright in facing not a few of the
problems that confront us from without
and from within.
The further programme included a re
ception in the Jobbers' Union building, a
luncheon at the fair grounds by the State
Fair Association, a. review of the Thir
teenth Minnesota Regiment of volunteers
and a dinner at the Minneapolis Club this
evening. 1 . :
Vice President Roosevelt spoke on the
judges' stand at the State Fair grounds
to an audience which well filled the
grand stand. Archbishop Ireland occupied
a seat beside the Vice President.
Fays High Tribute to Workingmen.
The party then boarded- the private
electric car of President Lowrey of the
Minneapolis Street Railway Company for
a trip "around the loop," a view of the
city -and to the fair grounds at Hamlin,
when the opening 'ceremonies began.
A committee consisting of Governor Van
Sant, United States Senator Hoses E.
Clapp, W. R. Merriam, United States
director of the" census;. H. A. .Boardman,
president of the Commercial Club of St.
Paul; George Thompson, editor of the
St. Paul Dispatch; A. H. Ldndeke and
George R. Finch, boarded the car at St^
Paul and accompanied the car to Minne
apolis, where he was greeted by President
John Cooper of the Agricultural. Society,
while hundreds of 'people thronging the
station platform and streets shouted and
waved their welcome.
MINNEAPOLIS, Sept. 2.— Vice Presi
dent Theodore Roosevelt arrived here this
morning from Chicago to participate In
the exercises of the opening day of the
State Fair, on the Invitation of the Min
nesota State Agricultural Society. The
Vice President will *>be the guest during
his stay in Minneapolis of Senators Nel
son and Clapp, and will stay at the home
of National Committeeman Shiveley. -.
Wealth.
'Against the People of
Deplores the Outcry Made
San Franciscan's Vivid
Story of Montana
Wreck.
Vice President Speaks of
the Men of Brawn and,
.. Muscle.
Minister Wu; Does Not
Expect to ' Be Sent
' to England.
HIGHLY PRAISES
WORKING CLASS
BELIEVES STORY
IS MERE RUMOR
FUMES DRIVE
BACK RESCUERS
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY^ SEPTEMBER 3, 1901.
More Than 2000 Pleasure Seekers Gather at Schuetzen Park and
Enjoy a Number of Entertaining Features Provided by
Working Committees Who Insure the Success of the Affair
PARISHIONERS OF ST. JOSEPH'S
HOLD THEIR ANNUAL OUTING
7
ADVERTISEMENTS.
No Waste in the Kitchen
No waste of time or materials, for with
a small quantity of extract, remnants
which by themselves would be insipid
and useless can be made into a delicate
eoup, or savory dish. \
COMPANY'S EXTRACT
OF BEEF for /.-
IMPROVED AND ECONOMIC COOKERY
PALACE
. „ • These hotels possess
A Nil the attributes that tour-
****** ists and travelers ap-
n?ATJr\ predate— central loca-
UIViMIV tion, liberal manage-
z*/\T>Cf c ment. modern appoint-
nUlCLo, ments and perfect cut-
eine.
San American and Euro-
'^ pean plans.
Francisco. !
MEN WANTED.
H u n ters Poi n t
uryGocK*
Soap in stick form; con-
venience and economy in
shaving.
It is the best and cheap-
est shaving soap in all the
world.
AH sort* of people use Pear*' soap, All eortt
I cf stores sell it. especially druggists.
; ' f- 7"ADVEBTISE2flElTTS.
AtQaSSv £nS9 mTM Mi %MF
.SIGfCHEAIiAfiHE
Positively cured by theso
Little Pills.
They also Telieve distress from Dys-
pepsia. Indigestion and Too Heartr
Eating. A perfect remedy for Dizzi-
ness* Nausea. Drowsiness. Bad Taste
in the Mouth. Coated Tongue. Pain in
the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable.
Small Pill. Small Dose.
~,t .'¦;"¦¦ ! Small Price
AMPSETVTETrr.S. ",\ ¦•;-'
THIS -EVEMINC. «
MR. J.4M5S , AND THE
NElfl
/ W 3amJ M. Mbm/ £Lm*/ COMPANY.
PRESENTING
AN IDEAL HUSBAND.
BARGAIN MATINEE THURSDAY.
NEXT WEEK— LAST OP MR. JAMES NEILI.
AND COMPANY.
Sunday Evening I BARBARA
Monday Matinee— 25c and 50c | FRIETCHIR
Monday and Tuesday Evenlngrs THE JILT
Wednesday Ev'g..A BACHELOR'S ROMANCE
Thursday Matinee THE JXLT
Thursday Evening A ROYAL BOX
Friday (farewell).. -THE LOTTERY OF LOVE
SEATS THURSDAY.
WlB UNQUALIFIED APPROVAL
MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHARLES FROHMAN
Presents
ANNIE RUSSELL
In the Comedy of Romance,
A ROYAL FAMILY
By R. Marshall.
Exactly as Seen for Over Six Months Last Sea-
. son at the Lyceum Theater. New York.
EVENINGS AT 8 SHARP.
MATINEE SATURDAY AT 2 SHARP.
To-night. Thursday. Sunday Night and Sat-
urday Matinee.
MIGNONjSSTwSf
Wednesday, Friday, Saturday,
Great Opera N O R fl/l A
"CARMEN"»»NexTweek«»"FAUST w
POPULAR PRICES— 25c. 50c and 73c.
Telephone Bush 9.
VAUDEVILLE'S
BRIGHTEST PHASES!
LIBBY. TRAYER AND GILBERT, THE FIVEJ
SUNBEAMS, THE LA VALLEE TRIO,
MLLE. LOTTY. TALKATIVE MISS NOR-
TON, LUCILLE SAUNDERS. THE GREA r
POWELL AND HIS COMPANY. THB
CRAGO FAMILY, AND THE BIOGRAPII.
Reserved Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 50c.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
FLORENCE ROBERTS
Supported by WHITE WHITTLESET. .-';:*,
In a superb production of
INGOMAR!
WITH ALL NEW SCENERY.
PRICES— 15c. 25c, 35c. 50c and 75c.
NEXT WEEK-FLORENCE ROBERTS.
"THE TAMING OF THE SHREW."
Extra Matinee Monday— ADMISSION DAY!
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
TO-NIGHT AND EVERY EVENING THI3
WEEK.
JOSEPH HAWORTH
In Lester Wallack's Great Play,
"ROSEDALE."
Joseph Haworth's performance of Elliot Gray
Is a masterpiece of love, comedy and pathos.
POPULAR PRICES— 10c, 15c. 25c. 50c. 75c.
Good Orchestra Seats All Matinees 25c.
Branch Ticket Office. Emporium.
NEXT WEEK
JOSEPH HAWORTH IN "QUO VADIS."
COMMENCING TO-NIGHT.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
First Production on Any Stage of Edward Eis-
ner's Spectacular Biblical Drama,
A VOICE FROM
THE WILDERNESS.
Special Engagement of the Eminent American
Actor,
ROBERT DOU/NINC.
20© People on the Stage— A Great Cast.
PDlPCC Evenings:... 10c 15c. 25c, 35c. 50o
laltLJ Matinees. 10c, 15c. 25a
SUTRO BATHS.
OF»EIN NIGHTS.
OPEN DAILY from 7 a. m. to 11 p. m.
Ba thins: from 7 a.\m. to 10:30 p. m.
ADMISSION. 10c. ' CHILDREN. 5c.
Bathing, including admission. 23c; children. 20c.
f TCrilUD'Q 'CONCERT HOUSE. '
f lOtnCin O Admission 10c.
The Paloma Quartet, the Coopers. Jun4
Mathias. Sam Holdsworth. W. ",W. Durant.
Amos Davis. Maybelle de Heard, Coleman and
Mexis and Hinrichs' Orchestra.
Reserved Seats. 25c. Matinea Sunday.
WeeHy Call $100 pr YearOAKLAND, Sept. 2.— The grain handlers
at. Howard & Co.'s wharf went on strike
to-day because they were not allowed
overtime for their work to-day.
Labor Day.
Demand Extra Pay for "Working on
GHAUT HANDLERS STRIKE.
expected and is -a proper and rational method
of meeting such demands, but an attempt to
destroy the system of organized labor would
be a most wicked form of tyranny, and tyranny
can 'no more turn back this tide of human
hopes and aspirations than It can
"Eclipse the sun
Or blot again the stars of heaven."
It Is manifestly ordained by the Creator that
man must continue to rise, in his social life,
through successive stages, to higher and ever
higher levels. It Is the law and the Inherent
force of man's natural evolution, and all op
posing forces must give way before it.
The next great step In social evolution is the
emancipation of labor from the thralldom of
monopoly, and organized labor Is destined to
be one of the mighty agencies through which
that emancipation shall be accomplished.
Continued From Page One.
LABOR MEETS TO TELL ITS STORY
ONE of the most distinguished the
ologians who will take part in the
forthcoming Episcopal Convention
in this city next month is the
Right Reverend John Franklin
Spalding, D. D., LL.D., Bishop of Colo
rado, who, with his family, is expected to
arrive in San Francisco about Septem
ber 15.
Bishop Spalding is a graduate of Bow
doin College and a native of Maine. He
studied at the Thelogical Seminary of
New York, graduating in 1S57. In 1862 he
took charge of the important, parish of
St. Paul's, Erie, Pa., which he served as
rector until 1873, when he was consecrated
Missionary Bishop of his present diocese.
Dr. Scalding Is one of the most learned
prelates in the American Episcopate and
is an authority on ancient, natural and
ecclesiastical ceremonials. His adminis
tration has been fruitful. Besides a large
increase | In the number of parishes and
churches he has founded schools and hos
pitals and conducted them wisely and suc
cessfully.
Financially the Colorado diocese has
been placed upon a basis of enduring
prosperity owing to its wise Bishop. The
church has shared fully in the remarkable
prosperity and advancement of the State.
DISTINGUISHED PRELATE WHO WILL. HEAD THE COLORADO DELEGA- I
TION TO THE GREAT EPISCOPAL CONVENTION AND WHO IS EX- j
PECTED TO TAKE A PROMINENT PART IN THE PROCEEDINGS.
To curb or oppose the unjust demands of or
ganized labor by counter organization Is to be
It is said that organizations of employers are
now seeking and really expecting to accom
plish the immediate and permanent destruction
of trades and labor unions. If this be so It
i? a grave mistake on the part of such em
ployers, from the standpoint or justice as well
as of expediency, and their hopes are. In my
opinion— happily for themselves as well as for
labor— doomed to disappointment. The labor
organizations represent to-day the hopes and
aspirations of the working men and women of
the civilized world for a better and higher and
purer and more equitable social and industrial
system. That Idea permeates the minds of the
messes of the people who toll. It Is the fer
mentation of a transition period In social evolu
tion: The people could not rid themselves of
it if they would, because the law of social evo
lution Is superior to man and is alike superior
to "the will of capitalists and of "laborers, of
employers and of employes.
Agency in Social Evolution.
The most effective charge made against the
labor unions is that their system interferes
with the personal liberties and rights of In
dividual employers and employes i and inter
feres with the freedom of contract which is
an essential 'element of personal liberty. • It
must be conceded that the trades union system
does Interfere with the freedom of Individual
contracts, and to . that extent ¦ It is vlolative
of one of the Ereat principles for, which the
unions stand as .an ultimate; but that Inter
ference is nominal only because under the
present monopoly system of industry there Is
no such thing as freedom of contract on the
part of laborers seeking employment. Free
dom of contract Involves economic freedom on
.the part of the laborer— an alternative and op
portunity ¦ to reject the employment and sup
port himself by the independent application of
his labor to the natural sources of subsistence.
Laborers have not that alternative now, nor
will they have, it until monopoly ceases to
maintain its control of Industry- When that
happy time shall come no man will more ear
nestly demand for labor Its natural right of
freedom of contract than I, but In that day
labor will have no difficulty in securing and
maintaining that freedom. Until that time
sl-all come It Is idle to say that labor unions
Interfere with freedom of contract on the part
of the laborers, for. if the labor unions were
obliterated laborers would have no such free
dom. .
So long as organized labor stands for liberty,
equality and' justice— the principles symbolized
by the flag of our country,, borne so conspicu
ously in every hand to-day— as its ultimate end
and aim it should have and will have the sym
pathy of all real supporters of these principles,
in spite of any seeming inconsistencies Into
which It may be forced in its unequal strug
gle against the powers of monopoly which now
dominate our Industrial system.
No Freedom of Contract.
The enemies of labor know how to meet riot
ing ana other forms of violent law breaking.
As soon as the community shall become, as it
,! U F e A° become - sufficiently alarmed and
sufficiently enraged the man on horseback is
called Into requisition and the hand on the
dial of civilization is turned backward. But
moral force is a power which the enemies of
labor cannot answer with bayonets, but only
with the Godlike force of reason, to which la
bor Itself appeals. I have said that this Is
an age of reason, in which God has given to
the intellect the "stewardship of man." In
this age reason is the key to every social prob
lem, and should be the only resort of intelli
gent . men. Speaking of the conflict between
capital and labor now paralyzing the Industries
of San Francisco, and without discussing its
merits, I say that it has but one just and hon
orable solution, and that is an appeal by the
contending parties to the court of reason. I
do not say that either side is wholly right in
the conflict. To make such a claim would be
to place finite mentality upon a pedestal with
infinite wisdom. Nor do I say that either side
is wholly wrong, but I do say that the side
which refuses to submit its case to the court of
reason is substantially wrong.
I trust that the pending strike may be thus
disposed of upon lines of. justice and reason,
but whether It Is or not— whoever may be the
victor or victim in the strife— the dignity and
the rights of labor must be maintained through
organized effort until such change of economic
conditions shall be produced by intelligent
thought and the intelligent use of experience as
will bring labor and capital into that harmony
which BhQuld manifestly prevail among all who
are so completely united in interest in. the pro
duction of wealth.
sacrifice Involved In the temporary abandon
ment of their means of living, standing with
arms folded and . with one voice appealing for
Justice-, constitutes a world-moving force which
in our age and time is almost sure to enlist the
sympathies and secure the support of all fair
minded men and women; but 15,000 men or 50 -
000 men or 150,000 men engaged Jn rioting or In
assaults upon the lives and property of those
whom they conceive to be their enemies would
be objects of mingled fear and hatred on the
part of the people, and would serve but as food
ror powder before the machinery of modern civ
ilization.
Four men were beaten arid robbed early
yesterday morning in different parts of
the city and the police have been unable
to obtain any clew to the perpetrators of
the crimes.
Between 12 and 1 o'clock J. Brown of
29 Morris avenue while on his way to his
home at Sixth and Howard, streets was
attacked by six or seven men who came
out of a saloon, and knocked him down
and robbed him of $29.' R. Tmrwell, who
was with Brown, was not molested. Thlr
well thought he could recognize one of
the men if he saw him again. ¦
About the same. time on Ivy avenue
Charles Mugler was attacked by two men,
who knocked him down and took his gold
watch and $180, all the money he had in
his pockets. He was within a block of his
home at 231 Ivy avenue at the time. •¦ -
Between 1 and 2 o'clock George Voltz,
who lives at 932 O'Farrell street, was held
up by three men at Polk street and Ivy
avenue while on his way home. He was
so badly beaten that he had to seek medi
cal aid. He drives a coal wagon for a
dealer at 236 Fuhon street.
John Bateman, captain of the fishing
steamer J^pnriettti,: while on his way to
his boat was attacked by a gang of about
ten men at Battery street and Broadway
between 3 and 4 o'clock. He was badly
beaten and robbed of a' silver watch and
gold chain and $32 50. He says the leader
or the gang was a colored man and- he
would be able to recognize him again.
«fc .?~f " • • ?••••••••¦. »'L''^ ..... .'
cur in Different Parts of
the City.
Hold-Ups and Robberies Oc-
Four Men Are Badly
Beaten and Their
Money Taken.
FOOTPADS BUSY
AFTER MIDNIGHT
Mute Appeal Better Than Rioting.
Fifteen thousand men dropping the Imple
ments of wealth vproductlon, submitting to the
It is no answer to this to say or to show
that the demands of organized labor have not
always been Just or that their methods have
not always been best. They have made de
mands the justice of which I would not defend,
and they have at times adopted methods which
were alike Indefensible. Put In a state of civ
ilization In which exact Justice is nowhere at
tainable. In which omniscient wisdom is un
known among men, the marvel Is that there
has been so little injustice In their demands
and so little wrong In their methods.
In the great Impending struggle between cap
ital and labor, in which privation and suffering
are necessarily the lot of labor, and In which
waste and loss is falling upon capital and upon
the whole community, whose families are suffer
ing present privation and facing the probability
of absolute want In the near future, it Is a mat
ter of congratulation deserving the complimen
tary notice of the entire community that so lit
tle of violence, of assaults upon life and proper
ty should occur and . that the unions Involved
have been able so far to restrain the ever-pres
ent percentage of hot-headed and reckless men
that must be among their membership from In
fractions of law and violations of order. This is
fortunate for organized labor, for violence on
the part of labor In such a conflict is and ever
has been the. forerunner of absolute defeat. In
such a conflict the man of violence Is a weak
man and is unconsciously the greatest enemy
of, his own cause. Law and order are the pri
mary conditions and essentials of liberty and
progress. Some rights have been maintained
through periods of turbulence, but no right has
ever originated in such a period. This is an
age of reason and reason Is the mightiest pro
moter of justice and the most potent weapon
with which to fleht injustice^
Marvels at the Little Violence.
be felt in the betterment of conditions, with
out feeling: that labor organizations have been
a beneficence not alone to the laborer, but to
our common civilization and to all who are
within lta pale.
Ean Diego Clergymen Will Refuse to
Officiate Except in Specified
Cases.
SAX DIEGO. Sept. 2.— At a meeting of
the Ministerial Association a resolution
was adopted and signed by all the pas
tors present declaring that they will per
form the marriage ceremony for nn di
vorced persons, except In the case of the
innocent parties to divorces granted on
etatutory grounds. The association is
composed of all the Protestant ministers
in San Diego.
PASTORS PLACE BAN ON
MARRIAGE OF DIVORCEES
Before this action was taken the board
granted the application of the Pullman
Company for a. reduction on the assess
ment of its cars, as made a month ago.
from $500,000 to $350,000. Equalizers Alex
Brown, L. H. Brown and R. H. Beamer
voted for the reduction, while Controller
Colean voted against it. Equalizer To
land was absent from the session. The
application for reduction was based on a
showing that the board had made the
mistake of assessing more rolling stock
than the company had in the Sta.te.
I>. H. Brown made the motion for a re
duction and it was a long time before it
received a second from Beamer, Brown
meantime suggested that Colgan present
the motion, whereupon Cotean retorted
that Brown had discovered the error and
could make the motion himself, and that,
moreover, he did not want a lecture from
Brown. The ruffled feathers were
smoothed down, but Colgan nevertheless
voted against the reduction. The change
made no difference in the tax levy as
fixed upon.
Before adjourning the board directed
the County Auditor of San Bernardino
to extend the tax rate in that county so
as to cover the bonds <1ue In tne Needles
School District. The Supervisors, It was
represented to the Equalizers, had falieu
to make this provision and it became th»
Auditor's duty to do so. -.
Adding to this the State University ad
valorem tax of 2 cents and the total rate
cf taxation of 48 cents was reached. The
board fixed upen this amount, using the
f.gures of the State Controller as a basis.
The amount of money raised by taxation
last year was $5,520,797, as against
£-f».41S.o% needed fcr the present year. ¦
The statement of the Controller showed
that the amount needed for the general
fund was $2,750,000, rate 23.3 rents; school
fund, amount to be raised, J2.52S.071, rate
21.5 cents: interest and sinking fund,
amount to be raised, $141,435. rate l.s
cents: total amount needed to conduct the
State government, $5,419,506.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 2.— The State
'Boerd of Equalization to-day fixed the
State tax levy at 48 cents on each $100
(north cf taxable property. Last year the
levy was 49.S cent:;.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Cents on Each $100
Valuation.
Announce a Rate of 48
You want to hear something, from me about
the present strike. I want to say. to you that
we are winning. We are winning every day.
The strike Is won. It has been proven. For
In fifteen weeks the employers have been un
able to get men to . take the places of the
striking machinists. In six weeks they, have
been unable to , replace the teamsters, sailora
or longshoremen. They tell, us that -they will
starve us out. Did you see that parade to
day? Did tha t. look like starving out? There
Is much morn likelihood that the savings banks
of the city will break than that the unions will
return to work until they receive the recogni
tion for which they are fighting.
There are several ways of breaking a", strike.
Starving out, that has been tried in this case
and failed; setting one faction against another,
• ¦ .
After this bit of relaxation the strenu
ous work of the meeting was resumed.
Andrew Furuseth, chairman of the
executive committee of the City Front
Federation, was introduced by the chair
man. He spoke in part as follows:
The Berlin sisters introduced a change
of atmosphere by rendering a couple of
vocal selections. They were followed by
Will O. Carleton, who obliged with a
baritone solo. .
A Little Vaudeville Introduced
Labor unions are the greatest educators the
workingman has. Membership in a union is
In itself an education in economics, without a
knowledge of which the workingman must re
main in a state of dense ignorance about his
own condition. Organization makes better
citizens, of the men and women who come
under Its Influence. It is for the benefit of the
employer as much as for the employe, .and if
some of our San Francisco employers could
see beyond their own noses It would be to their
advantage. If they would look ahead they
would accede to the demands of the working
man instead of trying to Improve their own
material condition by grinding down the lower
strata. x
As labor organization becomes more perfect
-we will find that strikes will become infrequent
and the feeling between employer and employe
more coitllal.
We could do away with a great many of our
present legislators. .We could make our own
laws In our own union halls and in this way
save the Government the expense of making
laws for us.
The limit of the power of the labor union
Is the limit of the number of workingmen In
the country. If all the labor In the United
States were to organize and then select to
etand as one organization, there is no limit
to what it could accomplish. '
I feel sure, my friends, that if we hold to
gether now we will In 1902 be able to break the
record of the Labor day of 1901. Turning out
as we did to-day is bound to add to our
strength. It serves to apprise the hitherto
unorganized bodies of laborers of our exist
ence and to demonstrate to them something
of our numerical strength.
We are at present In the midst of a great
struggle. It Is not the Intention of the pres
ent speaker, or of any other speaker here, to go
into the merits of the present controversy. We
tee nothing ahead of us but victory and vic
tory in the near future. We all feel that thlj
demonstration, this outpouring of the labor
ing classes, will hasten that victory.
Sees Nothing but Victory Ahead.
Labor Is everything- Without labor we are
nothing. Labor is all that distinguishes man
kind from the lower animals. It is therefore,
c-nly proper, I say, that we should come to
gether and do honor to that great and. digni
fied power. This power has so impressed itself
on the legislative bodies which rule our land
that they have set aside this particular Jay for
this purpose and have declared Labor day a
legal . holiday.
This Labor day parade Is a notification to
whomsoever It concerns that the rights of la
bor must be respected, and thtt labor, when
organized as we have It to-day, is strong
enough to demand and if necessary enforce
respect.
It is proper that we should understand Just
what we are celebrating to-day. When the
tolling masses parade the streets as they did
this morning it is proper that they should re
alize just why they do it. just what it' means
to them and the lesson it is intended to con
vey to others.
I believe that we have established a record
which will stand. for many years to come. We
have established a record which is, I dare say.
without its equal in any city of the United
States. I am satisfied that this demonstration
will do much to vindicate organized labor and
to safeguard it In the future. This was an
Important occasion, and you have risen to it
worthily ajid well.
labor organizations on the success of the
morning celebration. He said:
No honest. man of unperverted heart can look
upon -the conditions now prevailing .in the in
dustrial vworld and compare them with the con
ditions known to have existed before the,in
fluence of trade and . labor unions : began to
I shall not dwell upon the principles or pur
poses of your ;• organization. They are . better
understood by you than by me, and your presi
dent has ably presented them for the edifica
tion of the general public. But as he \ stated
in introducing me, 1 1 have had occasion . and
opportunity to watch the development of the
labor organizations of San- Francisco during the
past twenty-five years, and ' it~ls due to them
that I should gay that during that period the
condition • of labor, in' San .Francisco and
throughout the world has been vastly ¦-.'¦ im
proved through the influence of trade and la
bor unions; and my observation justifies me
In saying that the improvement ,. has not only
benefited labor,;- but has promoted the Inter
ests | of employers generally by . inspiring labor
ers with a new senseof duty and responsibility
as well as of dignity.- And I feolsafe in say
ing that the moral tone of every community In
which such organizations " have been^strong
enough to exert a substantial Influence in the
labor: field has been Improved thereby /during
that period. .. The ' laborer . has i been raised
above the demoralizing recreations and vices
to which he was then too generally addicted,
and is now giving his time and thought to the
earnest consideration cf his rights, and to earn
est, self-sacrificing effort for their attainment.
I desire in advance to compliment and con
gratulate organized labor ' of San Francisco
upon .-• its magnificent demonstration In honor
of Labor, day and in support of its principles.
I never witnessed a finer or more imposing pa
rade of men. It was mighty in numbers -and
mightier in the qualities of moral .worth which
It manifested. The good order, sobriety and
earnestness -which characterized the members
of all' the? unions in. line were the ' subject of
general remark and cannot fail to have made
a generally favorable Impression upon the
minds of the people of San Francisco.
At the close of Andrew Furuseth's re
marks William McDonald sang a bass
solo by way of diversion, and when the
audience, a large portion of which was
standing up around the platform, had
stretched itself and settled down to atten
tion again the chairman introduced James
G. Maguire, the orator of the day.
Judge Maguire referred to the present
labor trouble only in a general way. He
confined himself chiefly to the subject of
organization and laid stress upon the
necessity for the use of reason and com
mon sense as the solution of the disputes
between labor and capital. ¦¦ He paid his
respects to the men that had taken part
In the street parade, congratulated them
on the showing they made and particular
ly on the order which prevailed through
out the march.
He continued, his remarks as follows:
Speaks of the Benefits of Unions.
There Is no telling how long this thing is
going to last. It may be a week, it may be
months. But I want to say to you that if you
have any regard for your children, you'll stay
with it. Six years ago we were told, '.'If you
don't march to-day, you'll march to-morrow."
We were promised good times. They came,
but who got the benefit? They took away our
political independence. They are now trying
to take away our industrial independence. A
few overgrown hucksters have no right to in
terfere between us and our employers. I don't
blame them, .however, for they don't under
stand what trades unions stand for. If you
follow my advice and hold out you may rest
assured that the result will be an absolute,
clean cut victory for labor.
If you want to know what to do, find out
what the Employers'. Association wants you to
do and then don't do it. They want you to
resort to violence. They are goading you on
so that they may have an excuse for calling
out the soldiers.
Says Strikers Are Being Goaded.
that also has been tried and failed; you all
remember what happened at the Haymarket in
Chicago, that has not been tried yet. • •
Soldiers are bound to come if there Is any
rioting. If they come, and they are .bound to
come if there is rioting, it may take some
of the spirit out of the men. it might interfere
with our success. You must be mighty careful
with whom you associate. Beware of the men
who are stirring -ur> trouble. If you see a
strar.ger talking violence, avoid him as you
would a snake. 'There are at present over
20.003 men out on strike, and yet, during the
past five -weeks there has been less violence in
the city than when, some time ago. the Gov
ernment gave 7000 soldiers a holiday. Six hun
dred mercenaries have -been sworn Into the
Curtin service for the purpose of stirring up
trouble.
EQUALIZERS FIX
STATE TAX LEVY
Father O'Neil's lecture was listened to
r.ith great attention by the vast audl
rrrp. and at it? close he was warmly ap
plaudpd.
Influence was brought to bear and finally the
Tov* remonstrated with him, to no avail. Fi
raliy. in 1455 he was summoned from the
Vatican to ?o to Rome. He avoided going,
'fueling that "danger awaited him. He com
|-o?rd letters drawing the attention of the for
«ipn princes to the fact that Alexander XI
was an Infidel and a heretic. Copies of these
>nei-F were forwarded to the Pope. His de
struction was inevitable and he died a martyr
to the cause of truth and justice.
i In 14S2 he was sent to Florence and tradition
has it that the whole way to the gates of
Florence he was accompanied by an unknown
ftranger. who gave him advice. It is sup
pofpd that this stranger was an angel. At
that time Florence was sunken low in vice
and immorality. Vile literature was placed
before children. Christianity was not taught
outside the monasteries. In 1492 Savonarola
was made prior of St. Mark's Monastery. He
immediately commenced a crusade against the
vice of Florence. Those in power bitterly op
7-o«?d his denouncement? from the pulpit and
j-lrd»red his downfall. Some years later the
roble man foresaw his impending fate. Con
tradictions of his policy became acute. He
prpcept] his reforms, however, stronger and
mower, and Florence began to feel the bene
fit of his good work.
Accompanied by an Angel.
After much meditation he decided to enter
the church and took Dominican orders at the
nsp of 23. At that time in appearance he was
siight of figure, with black, wavy hair, full
mouth and a large nose. He was of nervous
umperament. but his face expressed that his
Voul was filled with heavenly fervor. At
t!jne he was brusoue. which made him dis
liked by many, jet he had a heart full of
Pity.
Savonarola was born in September. 1432, at
Forrara. Italy, of noble parents. He had a
liwij devotion for his good mother and possibly
through her good teachings he developed early
n. splendid character. At 13 years of age he
was a most thoughtful boy and then determined
to leave the ducal palace on account of its
vl-.-e. He found pleasure walking in the Aelds
r: i : • 1 admiring all works of nature. He was
intended for the medical profession and dili
contly Ftudied. He also absorbed classic law
and wrote beautiful poetry.
To thoroughly grasp the situation of this
man's noble career, we must allow ourselves
ti> forget for a while our twentieth century
i<1eas and go back 400 years. Our dwelling
place must be Italy and at a time when there
existed a peculiar combination of church and
ttate affair?. . -¦»>--
No church history has ever given Savonarola
Justice. All have failed to give him the
credit that is due him. The most touching
act to perpetuate this noble man's memory
was performed the 23d of last May, when a
tablet was placed on the exact spot where his
scaffold stood and where he met death in
Florence.
Savonarola was conspicuous for his devotion
on one eide and on the other for the enmity
that he aroused. Four hundred years have
rolled away since his death, yet his memory
s-ti',1 lives and books and magazines a/ late as
1S38 still are filled with articles aboiA his in
teresting and yet sad career. The best dramatic
production of England's poet laureate, Alfred
Austin, Is a play with Friar Savonarola as
the central figure.
History Does Not Do Him Justice
I cannot concejve of any order that Is more
worthy of respect than that of the Dominican
Sisters. I believe they are the pioneers In
teaching the children of this city. Some years
ago their school was burned down, but though
handicapped by this great blow, they still con
tinued their good work. 1 know that you
are anxious to hear the lecture, so I beg to
introduce you to Father O'Nell.
Father O'Neil said in part:
The Rev. J. L. O'Xeil, O. P.. delivered
last evening in Metropolitan .Temple an
Interesting lecture on "Alexander VI and
Savonarola." The lecture was given un
der the auspices of the Holy Name So
ciety, the proceeds being given to the
Dominican Sisters.
Preceding Father O* Nell's lecture the
Press Club quartet rendered several se
lections, which were warmly; received.
Signor Mlchaelenl, through the kind per
mission of the Tivoli, also sang arias
from Italian opera. Police Judge Al
Fritz introduced Father O'Nell to the
audience in a brief but graceful speech.
He said:
Sisters* Work.
Crowd Fills Metropolitan
Hall to .Aid Dominican
Tells Graphic Story of
Martyred Frior's
Sad Life.
FSTHER O'NEIL
ON SAVONAROLA
8
¦¦,.¦'"•%. ¦¦¦¦¦'.:'• ¦-¦.*. ¦ ' "> ¦ ' - -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1901.
the large lumber yards declare that thera
is no danger of a lumber famine here.
Electrical Workers' Ball.
The Electrical "Workers, Local No. 6.
I. B. E. W., will hold their seventh an
nual ball and electrical display Saturday
evenicg. September 14, at Odd Fellows'
Hall. The committees In charge have
made extensive preparations for tha
event, and an effort will be made to sur
pass all previous annual entertainments.
WEDDING BELLS RING
OUT AT FORT MASON
Yesterday at noon, at the Fort Mason
home of the bride's father, Major General
S. B. M. Young, Miss Majorie Young and
Dr. John A. Gibbon of Philadelphia were
married. Only the immediate friends of
the young couple attended the ceremony,
but at the reception and breakfast which
followed, there were about 20<f invited
guests.
It was a green and white wedding, as
ferns and white roses were used principal**
ly in the decorations of the house. Th>
bride was attended by her sister. Misa
Elizabeth Young, who officiated as maid
of honor. Dr. Robert Gibbon, brother of
the groom, was best man.
Dr. and Mrs. Gibbon left yesterday
afternoon for Philadelphia, where they
will make their future home.
Proposals for the Colonial Army.
BERLIN, Sept. 2.— Count von Bulow.
the Chancellor, Is formulating proposals
which he will soon submit to the German
states for the formation of the colonial
aimy. '
Right Reverend, John Franklin Spalding ; Will; 'Take Part ".; in
the Proceedings of the Forthcomings Episcopal Convention
to Be Held in This City During the .Month of October
DISTINGUISHED COLORADO BISHOP
WILL BE AMONG THE DELEGATES
Policemen were ordered to guard the
steam schooner Coronado, which is dis
charging: at E. M. Derby & Co.'s wharf.
Reports were received by the owners that
San Francisco longshoremen would try
to prevent the handling of the vessel 4
cargo of lumber.
The truce of ten days, during which the
Oakland longshoremen have been hand
ling coal and lumber on the water front,
ends to-morrow morning. Whether the
men, including the coal teamsters, will
continue to work, is not settled. Several
cargoes of coal and of lumber have been
landed by non-union crews during the
truce and the workmen have now to de
cide whether they will continue at their
jobs or strike again. The" managers of
. Cw the flesh heals in a few days,
/T> a __. .—.--. 4 . . . , nature supplying the healing
BB H^ »A G* • m - ? of ealtll v. new blood ; but when the
JrB S 9 H «L circulation is tainted with poisonous germs, humors or any
. \J ¦ %• effete matter, a slight scratch or abrasion of ..the skin
; . . ' becomes a festering sore, tiny pimples grow to' be boils,
swollen joints and inflamed glands often break out into offensive, slow healing
sores^ A polluted blood is always a menace to health ; not only does it keep the
skin in a chronic state of inflammation, but every organ and fibre of the body
suffers from an impure and sluggish circulation. You never feel well, you are not
and never can be well until the system is relieved of its terrible load of impuri-
ties. With the blood so contaminated, so deeply poisoned, ulcers,' boils and
sores of every kind are apt to become chronic and often develop into Cancer
Sores and ulcers are most, , T i- _. ' .---¦.• ~- , ,'
often caused by poverty of ,„£. ti?^* i!T7 ot J? w J th ,. a severe aore lejr and
the blood and a weak and SfS, ee to the foot was on8 8olld BOre »
bW i? 1 ?• \ wea \. jma "which -was very offensive. I spent over $1,000 '
slow circulation, brought on on two trips to Sot Springs, and local physi-
by long continued sickness, dans treated me to no purpose. I had^bout
malarial poisoning, torpid decided to have xay lesr amputated, when a
liver, the use of mercury, or nA Educed me to try S. S. S. I bc^an to
whatever is calculated to de- ™/™* med A c l ne » and * a the Bh °** «Paco of
stroy the vitality of the blood • "led 1 mVi^^ 6 * 61^ thoroughly
and break downVe constitu- SSCfSliK 5&£ ttf2?5£52g & ThVsSre
tion. Theseold chronic sores has healed entirely and my hSHthhL improved
last sometimes for years, eat- wonderfully. I have already gained 20 pounds
ing into the! flesh, muscles,' „ O . K J- B. TALBERT,
tissues, and even down into ' T ' ?¦'. ~ J^*' :^ :"Winona, Hiss,
the bones, and are such a tax upon the system that it is hard for the patient to
recuperate, and a simple malady often proves fatal.
<* q 1 ! 01111^ SO q ui ckly>r surely restores lost strength and vitality to the blood as
S. S. S.: It is an antidote for the severest forms of Blood Poison as well as the
irritating humors that cause the eruptions and sores that sap your very life and <*n
greatly disfigure you. S. ¦ S. S. is the only guaranteed purely vegetable blood puri-
f. 61 "-," contains no mercury, potash, arsenic or other hurtful drug. It cleanses
the blood and purifies the circulation, thus ridding the system of the imr«rr£;!«
that keep the sores feverish and painful. At the Le tlmfvour SnemfEh
improve^ under the tonic effects of S. S. S., and the skin become! sof?smooS
an5 healthy, ir™^^^
sort, write our physicians all about your case;- don't risk your o£n judgment
when can get medical advice from experienced doctors free. Book on Blood
and Skin Diseases to all who desire it. V ' T « -
THE SWIFT SPECIFIC COMPANY, ATLANTA, GA.
OCEA1T TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
a. . Steamers leave ¦ Broadwa.7
sijt Wharf, San Francisco:
SSli^. For Alaskan ports— 11 a. n.,
BSEgSgiK Sept. 4, S, 13. IS. 3. 2S. Oct.
ISSvWeSS^. 3 - Changs to company's
R\ fc5&|\»ra steamers at Seattle.
ESS^jwl For Victoria. Vaneouver (B.
¦ 0^S2^Sa1 C.) Port Townsend, Seattle.
i r^^EraMSl Tacoma. Everett and Xew
**" Whatcom (Wash.)- 11 a. rn..
T** Sept. 4, 8. 13. 18, 23. 28. Oct. X
Change- at Seattle, for this
company's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry. :
at Seattle or Tacoma for N. P. Ry.; at Van-
couver to C. P. Ry.
-*-For Eureka (Humboldt Bay)— 1:30 p. m. Sept.
4. 9. 14. 19, 24, 23. Oct. 4.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara. Port i/os Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays. 9 a. m. :
steamer State of California, Wednesdays. »
a. m. ;..:. --.
For Los Angeles, calling at Santa Crua.
Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucon. Port Harford
(San Luis Obispo), Gavlota. Santa Barbara,
Ventura, Huenema, East San Pedro. San Pe-
dro and "Newport ('Corona only)— Steamer Co-
rona. Saturdays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bonlta, Tues-
days. 9 a. m.
Fcr Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Joss del
Cabo. Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.)— 19 a. m.. 7th each month.
For further Information obtain company*- '
folders. •(
Th« company reserves the right to changa
steamers, sailing days and hours of sailing,
without Drevlous notice.
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS A CO., Gen. Agents.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
. — _
O. R. &N. CO,
Only Seenm.hlp Zdn* «o
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from PortlatH f-» aTT
rofnts East. Through ticket* t» all
points, all rail »•- xtexmx'iio an-i rail, at
IiOTTXJSO 1 HATES. ' " . '
8TEAM2R TICKETS INCLCDS BEBTB sad XEAL3L
SS. COLUMBIA
Sails Aug. 21. Jl. Sept. 10. 20. 30
SS. GEO. W. ELDER
Sails Aug. 28. Sept. 5. IS. 23
D.W.HITCHCOCK.GEN.Agt..l Montgm'y. S.F.
TOYO KISEN KAISHA.
STEAMERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
cer First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m
for YOKOHAMA and" HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hlogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. No cargo received on board on
day of sailing.
BS. HONGKONG MARTJ
'Wednesday. September' 4 13G1
SS. NIPPON MARU.. Friday. September 27. 1991
SS. AMERICA MATiTJ....: j-i
Wednesday. October 23 I •"
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates, r If
freight and passage apply at company's ofSce.
421 Market street, corner First.
W. H. AVERT. General Agent.
PANAMA R, R, ST S1 ?
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DHESr.
Cabin. J1C3; Steerage. $40: Meals Free.
5. S. Uetonnw ?»•.!>. , ?ept.
5. 8. Ar&yH saifs , Oct
6. S. Leelnnaw sals , Oc:.
From ' at 2 p. m.
Freight and Passenger Office. 330 Market «t-
F. F. CONNOR. Pacific Coast Agent.
KOSMOS LINE.
SS. SERAP1S. 5C0O tons, sailing Sept. Tth.
Carrying passengers for Valparaiso and Ham-
burg, via Mexican ports. Central and South
America. SS. SESOSTRIS. sailing about Nov. 1.
J D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents. ««
Market St.. Pier No. 7. Freight Offlcs. 327 Mar-
ket st. • ' - ' . - . .
BAY AND RIVER STEAMERS.
FQinrriAv^
Steamers GEN. FRISBIE or MONTICELLO
8:45 a. m.. 3:15 and S:30 p. m.. except Sun-
day. Sunday. »:45 a. m.. 8:30 p. m. Leaves
V«llejo 1 a. m.. 12:30 noon. • p. m.. exceot
Sunday. Sunday. 7 a. m.. *:« p. m. Far* 5*
cents. Telephone Main 150S. Landing and of-
fice, pier 2. Mljslon-»t. doc'*. HATCH BR0&
COPYRIGHT lilt IT TMf MOCTIlt A OAMIIC CO. CINC1MMTI
TWO VALUES.
\ |p3p|HERE arc two values to every purchase—
- iSvl^i what it costs and what it pays you. Cork
I^Sgg: costs 8 cents a pound, but if you are drown-
f foftJE^I ing half a mile from shore, its value would
be " not what you pay for cork, but what cork saves
you/' When a woman buys soaps she often con-
fuses the two values. She sees only what she pays.
She overlooks what she receives. Now a single
cake of Ivory Soap pays back from ten to twenty
times its cost in the saving it effects. Test it your-
self I Vegetable Oil Soap. Ivory white. It floats!
ADVERTISEBtENTS.
A WelHLamidered Shirt
is one of the signs of a well-dressed man —
without it all other signs fail. You can
always carry this sign If you patronize
the United States Laundry. We launder
shirts perfectly, and all other linen as
well. You will find that your linen will
wear longer, also, if you send it to us.
Just try it. .
¦ No saw edges.
UNITED STATES LAUNDRY
Office 1OO4 Market Street
Telephone-South 42O.
Oakland Off Icp— 54- San Pablo Av.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
AMERICAN LINE. V
NIW TORE. SOUTHAMPTON. LONDON. PARIS.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New York Wednesdays, at 10 a. m.
Philadelphia ...Sept. Ill St. Louis. ...... .Sept. 23
St. Paul Sept. IS Philadelphia ....Oct. 2
Haverford ......Sept. 21 1 Pt. Paul Oct. 9
RED STAR LINE.
• New York and Antwerp.
: From New York Wednesdays, at 12 noon.
•Vaderland ...l.Sept. 11 Friesland Oct. 2
Kensington Sept. 13 Southwark Oct. 9
•Zeeland Sept. *5 'Vaderland Oct. 16
?Stop at Cherbourg, eastbound.
INTERNATIONAL. NAVIGATION CO
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA DE VAPORED
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican, Central
and South American ports. Sailing from How-
ard 3. Pier 10. 12 m.
'ALENA.. Aug. 31 lCOLOMBIA....Sept 14
GUATEMALA. .Sept. *|TUCAPEL Sepi. 23
These steamers are built expressly for Cen-
tral and South American passenger eervtc"
(No change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 31S California street.
BALFOUR, GUTHRIE & CO.. Gen. Agen'-a.
COMPAQNIE GENERALS TRANSATLANTIQUB
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. j,^»«w
Sailing every Thursday, instead of <*f?rf!n4
Saturday, at 10 a. in., from pier 42 -^VsiMsS
North River, foot of Morton street: *La Savoie
September 12: •L'Aquitaine. September 19; La
Bretagne. September 26; La Champagne. Octo-
ber 3. ¦
. First clans to Havre. J70 and upward. Seeonrt-
class to Havre. $45 and UD-ward. GENERAL
AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES and CANA-
DA, 32 Broadway (Hudson building). New
York. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast
Agents, 5 Montgomery a\-enue. San Francisco.
Tickets sold by all Railroad Ticket Agents.
•Twin Screw Express Steamers.
oceanic xs.io. *»»« ™ ;=
E. S. AUSTRALIA.' for Tahiti..
..'Wednesday. September 11. 10 a. m.
6. S. VENTURA (via Honolulu), for Samoa.
Xew Zealand and Australia...... ¦
........ — Thursday, September 12. 10 a. m.
B. S. MARIPOSA, - for Honolulu only
; --••• Saturday. September 21. at 2 p. m.
J, D. SPRECXELS k BROS. CO., Imit Agents, 327 Market ft
G.sn'l Passenger Office, 643 Market St., Pier Ip. 7. Patioc StWELL-KNOWN PHYSICIAN AND EX-ARMY SURGEON WHO PASSED
AWAY SUDDENLY AT HIS HOME IN THIS CITY EARLY YESTER
DAY MORNING AT AN ADVANCED AGE.
AN OAKLAND YOUNG LADY
WHOSE HAND WAS WON BY
A SAN FRANCISCAN.-
¦; MODESTO, Sept. : 2.— Mrs. P. Ellas died
suddenly to-day; of paralysis of the heart.
She ; was a native of New York ; Citv and
52 years of i age. 'The funeral wllltake
place in San Francisco on? Wednesday
morning and the Interment will be at the
Hills of Eternity Cemetery; A husband
and six clrildren survive her. i Among the
children are Attorney. S. P. 'Ellas and Mrs'
L. Harris of San Francisco. . ¦ -
Mrs. P.-Elias;
District of Columbia, .1098; New- York
1093; Canada, 1077; Pennsylvania, 1055; New
Jersey, 1037; United States Marines, 1014-
Massachusetts, 996; Maine, 994; Maryland'
9GS; Rhode Island. S64. . y M>
r NEW TORK, Sept. 2.— The . team , of - the
District of Columbia, made up of . twelve 1
men, won the Hilton trophy match at Sea
girt ranges ' to-day from eleven teams ; of
twelve men each, who shot for this prize
The contest was so keenthat the result
was in doubt until the last bullet Hashed
through- the target. \ The scores' of- th*>
Hilton match follow: .
HILTON TROPHY] IS .WON .
BY THE WASHINGTON TEAM
VICTORIA, B. C, Sept 2.-A sham bat
tle was held here to-day. The Sixth Rifles
of Vancouver, under Colonel Worsnop
and assisted by the Royal Engineers un
der Lieutenant' Elliott, defended the red
hill fortifications at the entrance to Esqui
mau against an attack by the royal navy
under Captain Casement of his Majesty's
ship Amphlon, who landed several miies
below the fort from the torpedo-boat de
stroyer Virago. The defenders were driven
back some miles, but. the attacking party
failed to penetrate their screen and reach
the fort. To-night the torpedo boats are
making an attempt to enter Esquimalt in
the darkness. The forts are manned to
XoU the attempt. - r :>
Sham Battle at Esquimalt.
Many Dilapidated Homes Have Sunk
Deep in the Mire and Have j
Been Abandoned. - -
CLEVELAND, Sept 2.-l nst ead of a
TfareHn. "^ the citizens of
a. large share of the east side of the city
gazed to-day .upon tumbled piles ot
wreckage and ruins and Ipng rows of
™ h . an <* dirt piled on streets? sidewalks
and in doorways. On every hanT ih,
¦%$?&£&. terrlble ' --t?ucftS d aSS
nfoderdlste 63 tha * were ¦fe'ffi? 8$
Sw^saa «° the mire '-^
All Idea^of rebuilding has been aban
doned and the dilapidated buildings will
be hauled^away and the ground prepared
for new houses. . prepared
IiARGE FILES OF WRECKAGE ',
MARK PATH OF THE FLOOD
Professor Putman Lectures.
Professor F. w. Putnam of Harvard
University and also of the American Mu
seum of Natural History of New York,
delivered an Interesting lecture last even
ing In the Academy of Sciences Hall
on "American Archaeology." The hall
was crowded and the lecturer was list
ened to with great interest. •-
Miss Gertrude Johnson, an 18-year-old
girl residing at Nlles, was brought
across the bay last night in an am
bulance and taken to a sanitarium 'on
Central avenue suffering, from a broken
arm and a possible fracture of the skull
¦ The girl s injuries were caused by her
being thrown from the rear platform of
a railroad car near the Nlles station
The. accident was due to the carelessness
of the railroad company in falling to h-ve
a brakeman or a switch: tender at a point
where repairs to the track .were beinjr
made. A switch was left open and the
train on which Miss Johnson was travel
ing ran on to a spur track and crashed
Into a pile of railroad ties piled' there ¦
.'The collision; threw- Miss Johnson to" the
ground and : rendered her unconscious.
The railroad officials, on being notified of
the accident, sent a -special train to the
thi* 1 Miss Johnson conveyed to
YOUNG GIRL IS THROWN
FROM: TRAIN AT NTLES
SAN DIEGO. Sept. 2.— \V. A. Begole, one
of the oldest residents of San Diego and
a pioneer of California, died last evening
of neuralgia of the heart. He came to
thia coast in '¦' 1849 as a member "of * the
Donner party. He spent several .years in
the central part of the State and came to
San Diego thirty-three years ago. He was
for years the leading hardware merchant
and plumber of the city, but retired
almost a decade ago.
...Mr. Begole was prominent In Masonic
circles -and. was master of San Diego
Lodge No. 35. from -1871 to 1875 and again
In 1885. He left no family and no relatives
except a .brother, ex-Governor Begole of
Michigan.- • - ¦ : .;'.•'. ' - ; ;
The funeral to-morrow forenoon will be
in charge of, the Masons and will call to
gether the largest gathering of the order
that has been seen in San Diego in years.
West, Passes Away in
' San Diego.
W. A. Begole, a Pioneer of the Golden
CROSSED THE PLAINS,
WITH DONNER PARTY
OAKLAND, Sept. 2.— The' Induction of
his son Into the Masonic order . by ths
worshipful master of a' lodge was the
unusual scene witnessed Saturday night
In the assembly-room of Oakland Lodge
No. 1S8, F. and A. M. The candidate was
Van Leer Brltton and the ¦ worshipful
master John A. Brltton, president and
manager of the Oakland Gas, Light and
Heat Company. A large representation of
the Masonic fraternity from both sides of
the bay was attracted by the event. The
third degree was conferred upon the
young man In the most Impressive man
ner. At the banquet which followed the
ceremony, addresses were made by Wor
shipful Master Britton and District In
spector E. H. ' Hart. A vocal quartet
rendered several songs.
INDUCTS HIS SON INTO
THE MASONIC ORDEH
Marriage licenses were issued to> 109
couples. But many of these licenses were
issue.d to people living outside of the coun
ty, while divorces are begun by only peo
ple residing within the county.
OAKLAND, Sept. 2.— The records In the
County Clerk's office for the month of
August show that there has been one di
vorce suit filed for every three marriage
licenses issued. The number of divorce
suits filed was twenty-nine, which ia - an
average of nearly one a day. The num
ber of suits of all kinds filed was eighty
seven, which show3 the divorce suits to
be one-third of the total.
ONE DIVORCE CASE FOB
EVERY THREE HARRIAGES
DEDHAM, Mass., Sept, 2. — George A.
Nlckerson, director of the Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe Railroad, died at his
home here to-day.
George A. Nickersoru
The pups are ten monjths old. The fe
male was sired by Champion Jack Shep
ard. No. 19.361, champion class. Cham
pion Jack Is the winner of more first class
prizes than any other bloodhound In
America. It is said of all his progeny that
"they take to man-trailing like a duck
takes to water." The male hound was
sired by Senator, out of Queen of Ken
tucky, by Champion Jack Shepard
Sheriff Grace purchased the hounds at
considerable cost and with their acquisi
tion his department will be strictly up to
date. t
SANTA ROSA, Sept. 2.— Two standard
bred bloodhound pups have been im
ported from the Rockwood Kennels at
Lexington. Ky. The bloodhounds are to
be Sheriff Grace's canine deputies.
Fourteen months ago Sheriff Grace
placed an order for the pups with Colonel
Roger D. Williams of the Second Ken
tucky Infantry, the owner of the kennels,
and on August 25 they were shipped to
Santa Rosa.
tucky to Assist in the Tracking
of Criminals.
Bloodhounds Imported From Keu-
TWO CANINE DEPUTIES
FOR SONOMA'S SHERIFF
An interesting feature of the affair, cal
culated to show the devoutness of th^
men, is found in the fact that several
times a week they meet to receive In
structions. For several months the half
hour usually given to recreation has
been surrendered by them for the study
of the class room.
SAN' RAFAEL, Sept. 2.— A class of
more than sixty convicts will be confirm
ed In San Quentin prison, next Sunday
morning at 9 o'clock. The services -will
be conducted by Archbishop Riordan, as
sisted by the Rev. Fathers John Eagan
and Robert Sesnon, both of whom, for
the last two months have been giving
the applicants Instructions In the teach
ings and doctrines of the church.
To Father Sesnon, "the convicts'
friend," is mainly due the pleasure of
leading the wayward men into the
church. For more than a year he has
devoted his time and energy to the con
victs, or, as he calls them, "my boys."
The success that has greeted his efforts
has done much for the men and not a
little for the prison management by way
of making the convicts better prisoners.
In the class to be confirmed next Sun
day there are men of all classes, serv
ing sentences for all grades of crime.
Some have never seen the inside of a
church, others years ago have wandered
from Its door. The class will be the
largest of its kind ever seen in San
Quentin.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Dreadful pictures!" she cried. "How
i w * Is £ J h £ d my'matchet! I'd Ilka to
Plant it in the middle of this one!" bran
dishing her umbrella at a, picture of sev
eral maids in scant attire. "Go dress
those people up!" she shouted.- ;
So most of the time she remained on
the lower deck near the bow, with the
crowd 'packed in close about her. She
was mounted on a camp-stool exhorting
the crowd to stop drinking "hell's broth"
and "devil's soup," when a woman, who
afterward said her name was Deverg
forced her way through the crowd bran
dishing a hatchet which she had found
This she handed to Mrs. Nation, who
seized it exultingly and made a dash for
the bar, which was near by. But just
as every one expected to see the bar
smashed into kindling wood Andrew Mon
son. the first mate, rushed in and grap
pled with her. It was only after a strug
gle that tested his strength that he was
able to tear the hatchet away from her
grasp. Passing forward to the extreme
bow she found a man lying on a bench
Asleep, with a half-consumed i cigar in
his mouth. Reaching over she extracted
it from Its resting 'place.. Dashing the
cigar upon the deck, she stamped upon it
"I expected this. Coney Island Is just
fult of^two-legged devils!" she said, "but
It's- boen. so everywhere ever since the
world was born. As soon as Eve was
created there was a two-legged devil
after her."
Returning to the Victoria Hotel, she
rested an hour before having luncheon
after which she made a visit to the cafe
of the hotel. . :
"I'm in favor of organizing an army
on Coney Island," she declared. "I'll be
here for a week, so we have plenty of
time. Oh, how blessed it would be If
every woman on Coney Island would
come to me and bring a hatchet with her!
Don't let's delay the matter. Let's band
together and do something."
Mrs. Nation reached Coney Island after
an eventful trip on the steamer Pegasus.
The captain several times had to beg the
"Kansas Smasher" to remain In the cen
ter of the boat, as the crowd otherwise
would endanger • the lives of the passen
gers by surging to the side on which
Mrs. Nation took up her position.
NEW TORK, Sept. 2.— Mrs. Nation
spoke this afternoon in the auditorium of
the_ Steeplechase, a Coney Island resort
where only "soft" drinks are sold.
FORT "WORTH. Tex., Sept. 2.— An al
tempt to hold up passenger train No.
405 on the Gulf, Colorado and Santa Fe
at Dead Valley, near Guthrle. O. T., last
night, was frustrated by tho daring of
the engineer. A pile" of ties was placed
across the track, but the engineer. In
stead of stopping, . opened the throttle
and cleared the track of th© obstruction.
Engineer Frustrates Bobbers.
Mrs. Nation Attempts to
Wreck the Bar With
Her Hatchet.
Archbishop Riordan to
Hold Services in San
Quentin.
The German singing society, Harmonie,
which has headquarters In the Union
Square building in this city, will have a
three days' outing and festival at Ben
Lomond in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
This will be on the 7th. 8th and 9th insts..
and the society and its friends expect a
good time, according to the following pro
\~:amatlon. which has been Issued by the
committee of arrangements, composed of
Professor J. Riegger. Robert Lorentz,
Max Dunow and Sam Levi:
Saturday. S*!rtember 7— Departure by the
rarro* - B au*e linp at 8:15 a. m. Will reach
the place of dertination in two hours
end fifteen minutes if the train Is on
t.me and there i? no accident. Recep
tion to a.l an-J a luncheon with beer for
th* hunrry andthimy: 6:11 p. m.. gala dinner
to be followed by appropriate and Inappropriate
Epeerhes: S:14. grand hlprh and low jinks by the
celebrated Ben Iyimonii Orpheu* Vaudeville :
Company 'limited*, to be followed by the ere- i
mation of Aunt Care and Uncie Sorrow with i
appropriate burial *e rV ice. Gathering around '
the funeral pyre, where there -will be clee
Fongrs and nonsense until exactly 2:30 a m
T«e.n to bed.
Sunday. September f— 7:18 a. m.. champagne
cocktail a la Henry; choral. "This Is the
Day"; 7:MI. breakfaM: S:17. march to the pio
ni? grounds, where there will b« vauitinir pack
races races for prizes for fat end thick! Ion*
and short, old an<1 voung, also shootinc for
valuable trophies; 4:32. cro-wninc of the shoot
ing klnr (Adotoh Strerker absolutely barred)-
R:29. return to the hotel and general clean-up'
CM. banquet, at «-hich ladlee will be present'
S:I5. with «rreat pomp and mysterious cereir.o
nle* Harmonic's celebrated champagne bowl
will be uncovered, then will follow sacred con
c-»rt with vocal and Instrumental rr>\or and
choruses, under the direction of Professor
Rleer**-: 12:02. clo*e of concert; general reet
Monday. September »— 7:1S «. m.. champagne
*ye-opener; morning: sing; 7:59. breakfast; cen
tral pastime, then prize 6wimmln*: 12:43. fare
well dinner*: 2:13. good-by pong, "The Parting
Gives Pain": 2:15. all aboard, singing. "Oh'
But It Was So Beautiful."
SINGING SOCIETY HARMONIE
TO HAVE EXTENDED OUTING
Three Days' Festival in the Santa
Cruz Mountains by German
Vocalists.
CREATES SCENE
ON A FERRY-BOAT
tertained by Mr.-Jlobinson were:
Mrs. M. M. Dewing, Miss Mabel- Gray. "W.
w. Davis, Mrs. B. Bangle, Miss Grace Wythe
Miss Alice Wythe. Miss Sadie - McCutcheon.
Miss Nevada Harlan, Misses Mabel and Helen
Haven. Miss Pheanle Andrews. Miss Frances
Burt, Miss Beth CUft. Miss Esther Chapplaln
Miss Theresa Dahler. Miss Grace Edwards
Miss Anna Engvlck, Mrs. Mark Everson, Miss
Gertrude Hutchinson, Misses Clara and Laura
Norman, Miss Emma Busby, Mrs F W
Lauffer. Mrs. Clyde Schrader. Miss "Sadie
Smith, Mrs. Mersfelder, Miss Dell Jewell, Miss
Ellen Fearn, Miss Mabel McCutcheon. Miss
Eva Fulton. Miss Ida Bradley, Miss May St
James. Miss Mabel Vaughan. Mrs. PfelfTer
Miss Tina Fowler. Miss Addle Goodrich Miss
Goghmann,.Misa-Margaret Harford, Miss Clara
Hoasland. Miss Josle Lemon. Miss Margaret
T^ h f,' Mlss ™* ltoa > Mr - a* 1 * Mrs. Albert
Llddell, Mr. and Mrs. George F. "Wastell. Car
los White. Wilson Wythe; Dr.. J. B Burns
Edgar Thompson, M. M. Baker. A. B.' Foster'
Dr. E. W. Leslie. F. R. Ketchem, A. B Ben
nett. Jesse McCargar, ¦William Reynolds W
H. Beers. J. G. Brown, Edwin Enbury B F*
Fredericks. R. B. Heath. Walter Keene. Wal
ter Maddrill. James Maddrill. Eugene 0*Con~
nell. Wendall Roop, Dr. C. T. Schultheis.
Ralph Sauer and J. R. Thompson.
•• ? * •
The Ladies' Aid and Christian Endeavor
societies of the First English Lutheran
Church begin their rummage sale Wed
nesday at 1154 Broadway, near Thirteenth
street. They have an attractive window
display and have on sale an excellent as
sortment of goods.
Lyon Relief Corps will give a tea to
morrow afternoon in Loring Hall An
interesting feature of the programme is
a. talk on "Clara Barton and Other Il
lustrious Women," by Mrs. Frances Wil
liamson.
Miss. Frances Hillam is home after a
two weeks' visit in Sonoma County.
PRESIDIO GOLFERS
- . . tTP AGATNTST BOGEY
Byrne and Edwards, With Handicaps
Come Out All Square With the
Colonel.
The fine weather yesterday attracted a
large number of golfers to the Presidio
links, the event being a handicap tourna
ment over eighteen holes against bogey
Robert Johnstone,,the club professional
handicapped the players, doing his work
so well that J. W. Byrne and L. B Ed
wards tied for first place, both being all
square with bogey, while S. L. Abbot
Jr., Andrew Carrigan and H. A. Black
man were next, each 2 down. The tie be
tween J. W. Byrne and L. B Edward*
will be played off on a convenient
the winner taking first prize and 1 the los£
s «;c nd P^e. .Despite the lateness of the
season the Presidio course and greens are
In fair condition, the heavy ffgllltelv
prevalent having served to keep the turf
al- O e 1S B t iven h b e e^w: detallS g tAJ^
Handicap bogey tournament. Labor day, 15oi :
After the^ tournament Robert John-
Ked- 1 K-h^SSSe 3 . l nd L. B Ab D bot Ad j a r m ai
Xrtt&V J * ? umbau Sh Played a ma^h
and other players went around the
course.- For the handicap the first eigh
teen holes played during the day counted.
TACOMA. Sept. 2.— Charles F. Frank
lin, an inoffensive farmer, was killed at
Eatonvllle to-day by Alexander Vance, a
,blacksmlth. Eye-witnesses say the mur
der was unprovoked. After shooting
Franklin the murderer -was disarmed by
spectators and brought to Tacoma. There
were many threats of lynching,. but cool
er counsel prevailed. Franklin was a
prominent Democrat. He is survived by
a widow and thirteen children.- He came
from Texas.
Murdered Without Cause.
SAN JOSE, Sept. 2.— The bodies of Ar
thur Carl Rudolph and his wife, Senadia
Rudolph, victims of Friday's double trag
edy in San Francisco, were burled here
to-day, side by side. In the Rudolph fam
ily plat in Oak Hill Cemetery. Services
were held in Woodrow*s> undertaking
establishment. There were a number of
floral pieces. The. dead man's brother and
mother live here. They decided to let
the wife, .whose Jealousy bad led to mur
der and her own destruction, be laid be
side her husband.
Funeral of the Eudolphs.
WILL CONFIRM
SIXTY CONVICTS
During the Civil War he held an as
sistant surgeon's commission and was as
signed for duty to Nashville. He left the
service with a particularly creditable rec
ord in 1S65 and resumed his old practice.
During the cholera epidemics of 1866 and
Dr. Schiff was 78 years of age. He was
born in Lippe-Detwold, Germany, August
20, 1833, and received his professional edu
cation In that country and in Austria.
After some practice in the hospitals at
Prague and Vienna he came to America
in 1857 and located In Chicago. Finding
the climate In that city did not agree with
him he removed to Nashville. Tenn., in
1S59 and remained there until 1S?S.
disease at his residence, 1S20 Pine
street, early yesterday, morning. Death
came wholly unexpected during the night
which followed the celebration of the
thirty-seventh anniversary of his mar
riage.
— — R. GUSTAVUS SCHIFF. a well
known physician of this city and
an ex-army surgeon, died sud-
denly from an attack of Bright's
1 1873 he achieved considerable distinction
through the heroism and self-sacrifice
with which he labored in behalf of the
sufferers. During the administration of
President Arthur Dr. Schiff was appointed
a member of the board of pension exam
iners and retained this office until Cleve
land was elected. He was reappointed as
secretary of the board by President Har
rison, but retired on account of ill health.
In 1878 he removed to Dallas, Tex.,
where he established a lucrative practice.
He visited California in 1890 and was so
pleased with the country that he came
here to live five years later.
His widow, who was a Miss Rosenberg,
is a native of Westphalia and came to
this country to marry Dr. Schiff in 1860.
Six children were born to them, four of
whom are still living. A daughter. Geor
gle, is the wife of B. D. Pike, a prominent
wholesale liquor dealer of this city. Three
sons, Benjamin, Edward and Max, are
also residents of San Francisco.
The funeral will take place from the
Pine street residence at 10 o'clock Wed
nesday morning, after which, In accord
ance with an often expressed wish of the
deceased, the remains will be cremated.
In the afternoon, when there were i no
prospects of a breeze, the Independence
was towed back to her anchorage to take
her last sail with the fishermen in their
races for the Lawson prizes.
BOSTON, Sept. 2.— The yacht Independ
ence, built at great cost— some say* of a
quarter of a million dollars— for W. A.
Lawson, who hoped to use her as a can
didate for America's cup honors, and
which purpose failed, went out to-day for
what was to be her last sail. As tho
breeze failed she will have a try to-mor
row. Mr. Lawson kept his promise that
the people of Boston should see her under
sail and in racing trim before she went
out of commission. She never looked flner
than to-day.
LAWSON GIVES HIS
YACHT FINAL SAIL
I have Informed the trade to-day, through
trade journals that are read all over the
United Statea, of the present situation, and
that if the growers | fall to support the asso
ciation by- all sienlnK the lease the directors
will enforce the association's rights to the con
trol of the crop under the old contracts and
will fix. a price of 2 cents a pound in the
sweatbox for this season's crop. No dealer
will now be so foolish as to buy any raisins.
Inside or outside, at any ¦ hlsrher price until
this matter Is settled. This • Interruption and
delay In the • Bale of the new crop at the
opening : of the season may deprive us of a
market for half of ' the crop at anything
above distillery prices, but better that than to
see the association wrecked. The lonsrer the
delay now In signing the leases the greater
the loss on the coming crop.
I am notified that a mass meeting is called
for the llth. What • good can that meeting
do? If these leases are not'sl*ned before the
llth much of the damagre will ' already have
been done. There Is still time to save the
situation and get 5 cents a pound. If you will
stop all other work and get the leases signed.
If you do not, you will suffer losses .In this
and In coming years that will cripple you
financially for a long time to come.
FRESNO, : Sept. 2.— President Kearney
of the Raisin-growers' Association has
decided upon a radical move to make the
growers see their folly in not signing the
new leases. In a telegram from New
York- to the Republican, addressed to the
growers, after condemning their slow
ness in coming forward to sign the lease,
he says; y .
pel Them to Sign the New.
Leases.
Will Take Radical Measures to Com-
IfEAHNEY THREATENS
THE RAISIN GROWERS
J. Robinson, director of the First Meth
odist CMurch choir,' entertained his sing
ers at a reception this evening at the
Piedmont Clubhouse. Every year Mr.
Robinson plans some pleasant way of
bringing together the members of his
choir, socially, and as he generally has
some surprise In store for his guests his
"at homes" are looked forward to with
great pleasure. This evening a char
tered car carried the party to the club
house, where a dainty supper was served
and a few hours passed right merrily. .
¦ The members of the choir who were en- 1
The. Unity Club will begin -its year's
programme Wednesday evening with a
reception and banquet in the parlors of
the Unitarian church. Extensive prepara
tions are being made to render the affair
an enjoyable one and a large attendance
is expected. The Unity Club's plans for
this season show many Interesting and
original features, one being a short story
contest for the members. George S.
Evans will be toast master at the com
ing banquet. Mrs. George S. Meredith,
Mrs. L».' J. Ammerman and Jesse- L.
Dibert constitute the committee of ar
rangements.
The bride is a daughter of .the late Al
bert Hopken, a well known merchant of
West' Oakland, is accomplished and pos
sesses many charming traits of character.
After a short honeymoon trip the young
couple will reside in San Francisco, where
the groom is engaged in business.
Miss Eda Fredericks of San Francisco
was bridesmaid and was gowned in
gray, organdie, i She carried bridesmaid
roses.
trimmed with mousseline de sole and real
lace. Orange blossoms adorned her hair
and formed the bridal bouquet.
bride wore a gown of palest gray silk,
OAKLAND, Sept.' 2.— Miss -Emma
Hopken "became the bride. of Ru
dolph Rex, Sunday afternoon.
The ceremony took place at 2:30
at ¦ the . residence of the bride's
mother, Mrs. Marie Hopken. on Center
street, and was witnessed by relatives and
intimate friends pnly. The Rev. J. N.
Andersen of St. Paul's English Lutheran
Church officiated. •
The decoration of the Hopken home was
artistic and elaborate, great quantities of
potted plants and ferns being used ef
fectively. Pink 'and green were the pre
vailing colors. During the ceremony the
bridal party stood beneath a wedding
arch made of vines and leaves and fes
tooned with pink and green tulle. The
Commander Schroeder, Accused of
Despotic Rule, Will Not Dis
cuss Charges of Secretary.
Commander S. Schroeder. the alleged
despot of Guam, arrived yesterday on the
China and went to the Palace. Whether
the charges that have been recently made
by his one-time secretary, William B.
Smith of Oakland, are or are not well
founded the accused officer refuses to say.
In fact, when heard last night Comman
der Schroeder refused to say anything on
any subject beyond declaring through the
medium of a transom that he had turned
in and was sound asieep.
Commander Schroeder relieved Comman
der Leary as Governor of Guam, that lit
tie Island possession of Uncle Sam's which
was acquired during the late unpleasant
ness with Spain by the expenditure of a
great deal of powder and talk and with
no bloodshed.
Shortly after entering upon his duties
fas "king of a cannibal isle" Governor
was given an assistant and sec
retary in the person of William B. Smith
a son of Police Judge Mortimer Smith of
Oakland.
Mr. Smith recently returned from his
trip and since his arrival home has been
delivering himself of a number of criti
cisms of his former superior in office
These criticisms can hardly be called i
friendly. In fact, they might be termed
Fomewhat caustic by one who had "no
friend, no brother there."
Mr. Smith characterizes the treat
ment that Schroeder accorded those under
him as "barbarous." In fact, it was so
inhuman, according to Smith, that a num
ber of the marines took to the hills, where
they have remained ever since, subsisting
on tropical fruits, for all the world like a
number of monkeys in a South American
forest. In support of his story. Mr. Smith
ral lf^ ne - ntton to tbe fact tha * under 'the
terrible Schroeder regime there were sev
enty summary courts-martial and twelve
general courts-martial, and that of the
150 marines in the command more than
eighty were punished for one offense or
another. Mr. Smith ended his statements
by declaring that the abuses at Guam
were so flagrant that they will be the
subject of a Congressional investigation,
et which he will be present.
GUAM'S MAVAI, GOVERlTOIt
DISINCLINED TO TALK
MARTINEZ. Sept. 2.— Contra Costa la
preparing for the district fair, which will
be held at the Concord track during the
last week of thla month. The man
agement Is seeking to make it the most
attractive that has taken place In the his
tory of the county. Some good races will
be held on the track, both trotting and
running. There will be large displays of
livestock, cereals and fruits. . Th© races
will be restricted to animals owned by
people of Contra Cosfa County, with one
or two exceptions. Prizes will be offered
for the fastest horses in tho towns, races
being set apart for the horses of Martinez
Crockett. Danville and "Walnut Creek. A
children's day will be given on Friday
September 27, when all boys and girls will
be admitted free to the grounds. They
will be amused with games and other at
tractions. .
Management Seeks to Slake It Most
Attractive in History of the
County.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2.— The visitors were blanked
In a pitchers' battle In the morning game. A
single, a steal and Morley's double scored the
first run. Two errors, a sacrifice and a long
fly to center brought in the other. Attendance,
2800: Score: ,"
First game — R. • H. E.
Chicago 2 5 3
Philadelphia 0 6. .4
Batteries— Patterson and Sullivan; Bernard
and Steelman. -. ¦ ¦ .
The visitors won the second game on Burke's
errors In the seventh and ninth innings, each
mlsplay allowing four' runs to score. Hart
man's fielding was the feature. Attendance,
9800. Score:
Second game — . . . " R. :* H. E.
Chicago '. ....'. 9 -13 . 3
Philadelphia ...10 11 3
Batteries — Piatt. Emerson and Sullivan;
Wlltse. Fraser and Powers.
MILWAUKEE, Sept. 2.— The home team won
the morning game in the eighth inning on a
wild throw and good stick work by Conroy
and Anderson. ¦ Attendance, 450. Score:
R. H. E.
Milwaukee... ....2 8 1
Baltimore 1 ,7 8
Batteries — Reidy ¦ and . Maloney; ¦ Foreman
and - Robinson. -.,. . . ,'. . -'.. . .
MILWAUKEE. Sept. 2.— The home team this
afternoon duplicated Its performance of the
forenoon and again beat Baltimore by a
score of 2 to 1. Garvin pitched a great game,
allowing the visitors but two hits. Attendance
6200. Score: '¦_ , . ... , .
R. H. E.
Milwaukee ......2 6. . 2
Baltimore' .;.:..... :.:....l . , ' 2 .• 2
Batteries— Garvin and Maloney,.' Howell. and
Robinson., -, .";/ ,' ¦. ;. '¦; . 1'. .'•'
CLEVELAND. Sept. 2.— Morning game—Bos
ton won the morning game easily. Cleveland's
only runs were secured on three wild throws
Score: ' .-• .¦ . , : ;
. .'. ; .:-. r.t h.,' e.
Cleveland .....'. .".4 ' 3 . 2
Boston 9 12 C
' Batteries— Dowltng and Connor/ Winters and
Schrock. Umpire — Connelly. -
CLEVELAND. Sept. 2.— The afternoon game
was a pitchers' battle between Young and
Bracken, In which the veteran won out by rea
son of receiving better, support, as the young
ster pitched a strong game. Cleveland narrow
ly-escaped a shut-out. Score: ¦
' R. H. E.
Cleveland * '..1' .6 3
Boston '........4 . 6 j
Batteries — Bracken ¦ and Livingston, Younir
andCrlzer. . ¦•; - ' " ,
DETROIT, Sept. 2.— Morning: game— Detroit
won the game In the first two innings with
four hits and . two bases on bails, one run be
ing forced in by Patten. • Score:
Washington ;........ .-. w...2 io i
Detroit ; .5. 9 - 1
Batteries-Patten and , Clark, Cronin and
Shaw. " . - ' , ....'.. . .¦ ;;• , ¦.
DETROIT. Sept. 2.— Magnificent 'fleldtn* be
hind Miller won this afternoon's game from
Washington. The work of- the Detroit infield
Elberfleld In particular, was : sensational, sev
eral* double plays being made.- Attendanca
8350. Score: 1 . , .; ¦ ' ¦ y.
' ¦ . ' : ¦ •-• ' .- .' ; ¦ . " - ' ' R-~ H. e.
Washington ...4 c 11 •- • . 2
Detroit .....;......... : .....7 ,,-.- 12 0
Battertes^Gear and' Clarge,. Miller and Me.
Alllster. :,\". ¦ / . '¦ \\ . -' : -.y •'
AMERICAN LEAGUE.
NATIONAL. LEAGUE... .
NEW YORK, " Sept. " ?.— The New Torka and
Chlcagos broke even to-rtay. In the first game
the New Yorks, by making their hits , with
the errors of Doyle, Dexter and Harbel.^won
easily. In the second grame the locals were
unable to hit the pitching of Eason. . Attend
ance 9800. Score: . ,•
First game— R. H. ¦ E.'
Chicago ....;.l" 6.7
New York 6 -8-1
Batteries— Hughes and Kahoe, Taylor and
Bowerman. Umpire— Emslie. •-,.-. '.
Second game. R;r H. E.
Chicago ....'..' S ' 7 '•'". 2
New York l 5 .• 1
Batteries — Eason and Kllng, Hlckman and
Warner. Umpire — Emslie. . ¦
PHILADELPHIA, Sept.' 2. -Morning. game-
Cincinnati tied the score in the eighth, when
two singles and a sacraflce scored the win
ning run. Attendance 2763. Score:
•: ¦:', r. h. e.
Cincinnati 3 7 . 0
Philadelphia : ". .4 10 3
Batteries— Stimmel and Bergen; Orth and
Jacklltsch. Umpire— Brown. '.' .
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 2.— Philadelphia
won the afternoon game by opportune , hit
ting. With the exception of the third Inning,
when Phillips was touched' up for five hits,
both pitchers did good work. Attendance 9333.
Score : .
R. H. E.
Cincinnati 1 6 2
Philadelphia 6 10 2
Batteries— Phillips and Peltz, White and Me-*
Farland. Umpire— Brown.
BOSTON, Sept. 2.— Pittsburg: won the morn
ing game by bunching hits in the third and
fourth Innings. Inability to bat when men
were on bases caused the defeat of Boston.
Attendance 4300. Score: x
R. H- E.
Boston .3 6 2
Pittsburg 5 10 1
Batteries— Nichols and Kittridge; Chesbro
and O'Connor. Umpire — Dwyer.
BOSTON, Sept. 2.— Pittsburg won by timely
hitting in the afternoon game. Doheny was
an enigma for Boston, striking out ten of the
local batsmen and holding the team down to
three, scattered hits. Fred Clarke of the vis
itors made one of the finest catches ever seen
on the local grounds. In the ninth inning De
mont hit a low fly to short left, Clarke, after
a twenty-yard sprint, diving forward and roll
ing over and coming up with the ball. Attend
ance, S0OO. Score: , • ¦
,R. H. E.
Boston' .;..".- .'.; .........;0 •• > 3 » " } 1
Pittsburg 3. . ? 1
Batteries— Willis and Klttredge; Doheny and
Yeager. Umpire — Dwyer.
BROOKLYN. Sept. 2.— Only one game was
played to-day, the morning event being de
clared off because the St. Louis Club was de
layed en route by a washout at Cleveland.
The afternoon game wa« a hotly foucht. hard
hitting contest, which was won by Daly, who
made a three-bagger with the bases full in the
seventh and scored himself on a long fly*. Nash
was roughly used by Madden- because' of a
close decision at second, but the police were
not needed. Two games will be played to
morrow. Attendance,. 9000. Score:
R. H. ' E.
St. Louis 5 8 3
Brooklyn. 11 14 0
Batteries — Sudhoft and Ryan; Hughes and
Farrell. Umpire— Nash.
EASTERN" BALL GAMES.
CONTRA. COSTA PREPARES
FOR THE DISTRICT PAIR
i Leo Cordes died last night In the Ger
man Hospital in this city.
ANGELS CAMP. Sept. 2.— Leo Cordes, a
resident of Carson^ near here, was the
victim of a peculiar shooting accident on
Sunday that may cost him his life. Cordes
was calling at the ranch home of Mrs.
John Airola and her sister, Miss Alice
Yokum. During the afternoon the three
Indulged In some target practice with a
ripe. While Miss Yokum was shooting
Cordes walked up to the target to see
what score v she had made. The young
lady, not noticing his movement, fired
again just as he reached the target The
bullet struck Cordes under the right
shoulder and penetrated his spinal
column, causing total paralysis. The
wounded man was taken to San Fran
cisco for surgical treatment to-day. It
is not believed that he will recover.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
"Lieutenant Colonel Vandeleur got the
women to lie down under the seats and
ordered his men to return the flre. As
he was proceeding along the corridor a
Boer burst into the carriage and fired,
killing him, after, it is supposed, he re
fused to surrender. Another Boer de
liberately fired, upon and wounded the
nurse. Bullets were flying in all direc
tions, although the Boers were aware
that women and children were, there."
"The train carried several passengers,
among them two ladles with babes and a
nurse. As it tolled^ through a cut,- a
negro was seen to raise, his hand. Instant
ly a Boer discharged two mines, derailing
the train, while a body of Boers poured
In a heavy rifle fire. . ¦ r
LONDON, Sept. 3.— The Pretoria corre
spondent of the Daily Telegraph, in a dis
patch describing the blowing up of a
train between Waterval and Hammons
kraal on Saturday by. the Boers, when
Lieutenant Colonel, Vandeleur, of :the Irish
Guards was killed, says: '• i , -.''¦¦ ¦ •
wMifS?*' sIdl , ng at '»» Howard street.
«nll© in a drunken frenzy last nieht
f™ **• ™ A Mrs. Guers, who also live
In the house, out Into the street at the
point of a revolver, and when placed un
der arrest later twice tried to kill the
officers who had him In charge
Word was sent to the Southern station
SSl ?%* 1 t St nlght that there w™
l^ e ,« «*? P lac « named, and Police
men Ed F. Ward and H. G. Clancy were
-??>. », eSt i Bate - When the >' arrive*
w»v P l« him J? nder arrest - On the
r^rhpJUJH 1 " 150 " Crupe suddenly
n t? h!s P°cket and. drawing a
™1 ?Xm' trie 2 to 6hoot Offlcer Clanc *
«S^? C 5 r< ** l i r . a stru^ le - wrested thr i
hi2^to ft 25U!5on prlKmer and forced
«-I.^ of assault with a deadlv
weapon -were entered against Crupe. He
conducts & barber shop at 433 Pine street
With a Murderous
Dirk Knife.
Attacks Arresting Officers
Oalaveras County Man Steps
Into Range and Stops
a Bullet.
Alleges That One- of Assail
_ ants Deliberately Wound
ed a Nurse.
Hands Does Deadly
Work.
• *
Rifle in Young Lady's
A British Correspondent
Describes Blowing
Up of Train. •
Emanuel Orupe Drives
Out Lodgers With
Revolver.
CLAIMS BOERS
SHOT AT WOMEN
WHISKY MAKES
HIM HOMICIDAL
Miss Emma Hopken, Daughter of Late Merchant of That
Name, Becomes Bride of Rudolph Rex, a Business Man of
the Metropolis, Bridal Party Standing Beneath Arch of Vines
OAKLAND YOUNG LADY
WEDS SAN FRANCISCAN
WELL-KNOWN PHYSICIAN
PASSES AWAY SUDDENLY
Dr. Gustavus Schiff, Who Attained Distinction During Civil
War and at the Time of the Tennessee Cholera Epi
demic, Succumbs to an Attack of Bright's Disease
FIRES AT TAR GET
AND HITS FRIEND
THE SAKFRAfl CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1901.
9
Handlc'p
Net.
J. W. Byrne
U Bt Edwards............
S. U Abbot Jr.......?.....
Andrew Carrlgan
H. A. Blackman....
W. J. Dutton
C. P. Eelle
Charles Page
B. D.. Adnmson j
H. C. Golcher
John Lawson
J. R. Stanton "
Worthlngton Ames.......
Leonard Chenery
Captain D. J. Rumbaugh
T. H. Mee
Warren C. . Gregory. . .-.. . . .
Ef . . C. Breeder
L. O. Kellogg.
4 holes AH square
Wholes All square
4 holes 2 down
12 holes 2 down
10 holes 2 down
12 holes 3 down
10 holes 4 down
6 holes 4 down
2 holes 4 down
•4 holes 5 down
2 holes 5 down
12 holes 5 down .
8 holes 6 down
8 holes 7 down
6 holes 8 down
6 holes 8 down
4 holes 9 down
6 holes 9 down
4 holes • .
o returns.
Handlc'p
Net.
J. W. Byrne
U Bt Edwards............
S. U Abbot Jr.......?.....
Andrew Carrlgan
H. A. Blackman....
W. J. Dutton
C. P. Eelle
Charles Page
B. D.. Adnmson j
H. C. Golcher
John Lawson
J. R. Stanton "
Worthlngton Ames.......
Leonard Chenery
Captain D. J. Rumbaugh
T. H. Mee
Warren C. . Gregory. . .-.. . . .
Ef . . C. Breeder
L. O. Kellogg.
4 holes AH square
Wholes All square
4 holes 2 down
12 holes 2 down
10 holes 2 down
12 holes 3 down
10 holes 4 down
6 holes 4 down
2 holes 4 down
•4 holes 5 down
2 holes 5 down
12 holes 5 down .
8 holes 6 down
8 holes 7 down
6 holes 8 down
6 holes 8 down
4 holes 9 down
6 holes 9 down
4 holes • .
o returns.
We pay your grocer to sell you
Fels-Naptha soap, and return
your money if you don't like it.
- Fels & Co., makers, Philadelphia.
i GRAPE-NITTq.
* HEALTHY SCHOOLMA'AmT^
Found Out How to Feed Herself.
Many school teachers, at the end of
their year's work, feel thoroughly ex-
hausted and worn out. physically and
mentally. The' demand upon the nerves
end brain of a teacher Is unusual and un -
less they are well fed and fed upon prop-
erly selected food It Is natural that they
should run down,
A little woman teacher at Gobleville,
Mich., who has been teaching regularly
foi a number of year, has always found
hereelf thoroughly exhausted at the end
of the session, until within the last year
Fhe has made use of Grape-Nuts Food,
with the result that she closed the year
as a robust healthy, strong, vigorous
woman, having gained In weight from' 90
pevnds to 126; her nerves strong,
face bright and cheery, and really a worv
e'er to all her friends, who constantly
ctmment on her color and strength. She
knows exactly to what the change Is at-
tributed, for In the years past living- on
ordinary food, Ehe has almost broken
dewn before the Fchool year closed,
whereas since using Grape-Nuts this
change has been brought about; evidence
rrlma facie of the value of Grape-Nuts
Food for rebuilding the brain and nerve
jLccclcrs.
name of the teacher can be given
r t>y the Fostum. Cereal Co., Ltd., Battle
Creek, Mich. . >THE SA15T FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1901.
10
r>. & F, new $1 glove, retailed at factory price;
warranted;, kept In repair. 121. Grant ave.
GLOVES
HELP " WANTED — FEMALE.
WANTED — First-class finishers on custom
.pants; steady work. 411V& Kearny st
WANTED — Young - woman - to do - housework
.and care for 2 children afternoons. '- Call be-
tween 9 and "12 at 1800 McAllister St.
WANTED-^-A 'bright, . accurate, neat . young
lady copyist and do collecting; state wages;
.hours 7 a. m.,to 6 p.'.m. Box,90,;Call office.
WANTED-^-Cook : for boardlng.-house , on mine
In Tuolumne County, to take entire charge of
- it: " married .couple • preferred. - Inquire BU-
LOKI, .'Ahlborn-House, 'Grant ave. ¦- • •'• --•.[
A' PROMINENT wholesale firm .' offers ' a ' tem-
. porary position to eight young women at $1 23
¦.a day,- who. can bring-us' proof --that' during
the ; last term . in the High School they have
¦received no less than 90 per cent in deport-
ment, • 90 per cent In ; arithmetic, -95 per cent
in wrltlnt. ¦' Address,'- giving full particulars
. in own handwriting, to E. F.,:CaIl office. -
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, room 12
— 4 waitresses, . country hotel, . $25. .
WANTED — Housekeeper for - Catholic priest,
$20; chambermaid, hotel,' $15; 4 cooks, German
style, no wash, $30, $35 ; 2 chamberwork and
sewing. $25; parlormaid ' and ¦ waitress, $25; 4
second girls, '$20 $25; 2 children nurses, coun-
try, $15, $20; laundress,. $30, $40; girls for all
kinds of housework, city and country, $20, $25,
$30. Apply to J. F. CROSETT, 316 Sutter st
FIRST-CLASS private family waitress, $25;
choice place. . MRS.. M. .E.-DAY & CO., 335
Geary-st. •*' '
AN Irish Catholic woman about 35 to 40 years
/ old to work for 2 priests, country; $25; see
party here. MRS. M. E. .DAY & CO.,. 335
Geary st. . ':. j^'.'.- ¦ . .
A— MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL . DEPARTMENT ...........
Head waitress. $30; 14 waitresses, first-class
commercial and city \ hotels, $20 and $25; 2
restaurant waitresses, $7 and $8; arm wait-
resses, country, $6 and room) fare - paid; 2
chambermaids, $20.
FAMILY DEPARTMENT ..........
8 cooks, city and country, $30;. second girl,
country, $25, see lady, here; waitress, private
family, $25; chambermaid, same place. $20;
many choice " places. ' best wages; woman to
work 3 hours every morning, $3 week.... ;..... '
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.....:. ...335 Geary st.
TEN extra waitresses, $1 SO a day; free fare.
. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st
Cook, few boarders, country............. ..$25
. FAMILY DEPARTMENT.
Lady's maid and assist second work $25
Waitress, small family '. $25
Housegirls, nice place, country, fare paid.... $20
Housegirls, second girls, nursegirls, cooks. $10-$30
C. R. HANSEN & CO ...:.. 104 Geary st.
AT. C R. HANSEN & CO.'S.. Phone Grant 185.
HOTEL DEPARTMENT.
3 head waitresses, city and country $30
Waitress, south, fare advanced...; $25
2 waitresses, Sacramento ,......$25
25 waitresses, -city and commercial hotels $20-$25
Ironer, country..... $30 and found
"Woman for children's dining room, institution.
A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
TEL Jessie 761 before selling furniture, car-
pets, pianos. ; etc. CHAS. LEVY. 1135 Market.
A. L. Storrs, 130 Goldea Gate ave. ; tel. Jessie
1464; highest price paid for furniture, carpets.
Auctioneer; W. P. Beauchamp.' 2 Golden Gate
ave. ; 'tel.* Jessie 126; furniture, mdse., bought.
CAL. Auction Co., 1462 Market— Buys furniture,
merchandise, etc.; phone Jessie 2071.
FURNITURE WANTED.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
4 ROOMS furnished In oak. $48 50, with No. 7
range. King Furniture Co.. 1127-1131 Marke*..
FRAMES AND PICTURES.
CLYDE L. KELLER. 12S-130 Hayes, nr.V. Ness-
Stylish effects: High-grade work; Lowest prices.
FURNISHED flat, .7 rooms and bath; west of
Van Ness; adults. Box 92, Call.
A SUNNY furnished upper flat of five or six
rooms; adults. Box 34, Call office.
FLATS '-WANTED.
CHEAPEST and beat In America— The Weekly
Call, 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United Stp.tes or Canada one year for SI.
TO let— A flat of 6 rooms and bath at 1937
Mason st. ' •- ' »
O'FARRELL, 1933 — Modern fiat, 6 rooms, bath,
basement, yard ; reasonable to good tenant.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms; sunny; largj
yard and cellar; rent 510; no children.-
FLAT for rent, 5 rooms, on Harrison St., near
Sixth." Inquire at No. 936; rent $10.
ELEGANT, light, sunny; 7 large rooms and
bath; reasonable. 71S Oak St., near Fillmore.
ALPINE, 175 — New»flat of 8 rooms with all
modern Improvements; rent $25. Key at 171.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 975, opp." Jefferson square
— New upper sunnny modern flat; 5 rooms
and bath.
CI,AinVOVA\T%— CnBttnnefl.
MRS. BROWN, clalrvoyantf card .reader; ladles
25c, gents 50c; readings dally. 132 Sixth et
A. L. CARLSON, medium and astrologist. 148
• Sixth st.. room 23. ' -¦
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, reader ;palmlstry;
truth or, no pay; 25c. 1143 Ml«3lon, over store.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 44SV6 Jessie St., bet. Cth and 6th.
MME RAVENNA reads life fluently;' business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATING AND CLEANING.
WHEN you become" disgusted with' poor work
send to-SPAULDING'S pioneer Carpet-beat-
ing Works, 353-357. Teha ma st; tel South 40.
BEATING, 3c; laying, 3c; renovating, 5c up;
work guaranteed. T. R. Co. : phone Scott 1310.
CARPETS beaten or laid. 3c per yard. CHAS.
PARRY, 1511% Market st; phone . Mint 1095.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM & CO.. Prop.
RUDOLPH & CO., carpet-beating works; prices
reasonable. 1703 Harrison; tel. Mission 263. .
CONKLIN'S Superior Carpet-beating Works,
SS3 Golden Gate ave.: telephone East. 126.
CITY Steam Carpet-beating Works. G. H.
STEVENS. Mgr.. 38-40 8th st; tel. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-beating and Reno-
vatlng Co..~ 240 Fourteenth st.: tel. Mission 74.
CHIROPODISTS.
BUNIONS, corns, ingrown nails, warts; pain-
less cure; guaranteed.. Dr. Duncan, 415 Sutter.*
PROF.Strassburper fromN.Y.. specialist on feet,*
diploma T.P.S.S.N.Y. : Chronicle big., rm. 76.
COLLECTION OFFICES.
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No charge un-
less successful. Room 310. 927 Market st
~COTTAGES~TO~LET.
COTTAGE of 4 rooms. 132 Rose ave., bet.
Gough and Octavla. 1V£ blocks from Market.
DENTISTS.^ ¦¦ ____
A^DR]"T\~sT*HiGGINS, 927 Market street.
Emma Spreckels building. Reasonable prices
for painless dentistry; pure gold filling $1 50;
artificial teeth, on plate, 'look natural and
guaranteed. $5 up; a good metal plate $15;
gold and porcelain crowns $5 to $10; teeth
without plate; painless extraction.
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC. 809 Mar-
ket St., cor. 4th, rm. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our specialty: gold crowns,
$3 50 up; plates, extractions free. $4 50 up; of-
fice hours, 9 a. m to in p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. P.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings: extractions or . fillings • by my
¦ wonderful secret, painless method: 20 years'
experience: no students; advice free; prices
cheapest nrd guarantred; lady attendants.
DR GEOROE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st.
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose. Pearl,
warranted for 20 years; crowns. $3 51: fillings.
50c: plates. SV. full set; all work painless and
•warranted. Chicago Denta'. Parlors, 24 Sixth.
DR. A. C. KELLOGO— Experienced dentist;
Fpedaltlep. crown' and bridge work and the
preservation of natural teeth. 110 Phelan bldg.
PARTS Dental Parlors, 233 Kearny.' cor. Bush-
Full set of teeth, J4; crowns, $3; fillings. 25c.
SET of teeth without plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG. 1?41 Polk st. ¦ ¦ ' .,
AT Ideal Dental Co.. 6 Eddy st— Work done
on weekly Installments; lowest rates.
I DR. R. L.WALBH.815M Geary.nr.Larkl^— Pain-
less extraction 50o: plates $5 up;phonePoikll35. j
. ___ »
DR. H. G. TRUMAN, dentist, third floor. Ex-
aminer building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
VAN VROOM — "Painless": *>ver>lne-"! and Sun-
- dnvB. inni Markot st.. rv>rner Sixth.
DERMATOLOGISTS.
SUPERFLUOUS hair and*mo]es permanently
removed by eleetrolvssts: facial mnssaRe with
hydro-vacu. MISS MILLMAN. 93n Push ft.
DRESSMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking & Millinery School-
Class rates; patterns cut. 1013 Market st.
ACCORDEON pleating; country orders prompt
attention. 121 Post, ovpr O'Connor & MofTatt.
EDUCATIONAL.
NIGHT SCHOOj1f6r~UKK. ~~~
A practical and Industrial education for men;
Y. M. C. A. building; more courses of study
than any other night school In the city for a ;
remarkably low tuition: -send or apply for tha
prospectus at the building;, corner of .Mason j
and Ellis Ets. ; opening night, Tuesday, Sep- '
tember 10; registration beginning September
1; deoartments — Art business, civil service,
eiementary,' engineering, high school, lan-
guages. H..J. McCOY, general secretary; A.
A. MACURDA. educational director.
AYRES' Leading Business College, 723 Market—
$8 per month; $50 life scholarship guarantees a !
complete business education: shorthand, typ- !
ing, bookkeeping, arithmetic, penmanship. |
spelling, Sapnifh, etc.; experienced teachers; j
new typewriters; positions secured: cat free. |
GALLAGHER-MARSH College. Parrott bldg.—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert
F. Gallagher, expert court reporter, teacher of
rhorthand: reportorlal phrasing taucht: prac-
tical bookkeeping, full course, $30: "catalogue.
A— THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
srhcol for the university, law and medical
colleges: references. President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
ACTING, elocution, specialties, Hallett School,
associated with theatrical agency securing 1
positions. Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell st. !
MERRILL-MILLER College— Shorthand, typ-
ing, practical bookkeepins. Rooms 40-45. Par-
rott bldg.: Individual Instruction: catalogue.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elecmininK.mech. sur-
¦ vey, assay, cyanide: day, eve.; est. 1S64. Van
der Naillen School. 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
COMPETENT teacher desires pupils, adults or
children, in primary, grammar and high
school studies; references. Box 69, Call.
BOOKKEEPING, flprurcs; the one man who per-
fects beginners, college graduates & bookkeep-
ers Is TARR, the expert, 220 Parrott bldg.
A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
Gregg shorthand costs only $60. San Fran-
cisco Business College. 1236 Market st.
VAUDEVILLE School of Acting— Pupils pre-
pared for the 6tage. 125 Mason st.
ACTING — Send to Grand Opera-house for cir-
cular of Grand Opera-house School of Acting.
Chicago Business College. 1435 Market, nr. 10th.
Pitman shorthand, typing, bookkeep., 16 mo.
MARY P. WESTHAUS. piano. mandOiln. guitar
lessons, DOc: piano for practice. 39 Fifth at.
PROF. L. MERKI. experienced teacher: violin,
mandolin, guitar; Juvenile class, 1008 Mission.
ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
ILLUSTRATION-nlght class. 424 Pine Bt
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st.. S. F. ;
founded 1863; new 80-page catalogue free.
ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
etc.; day or eve.; $5 mo. .1024 Mission, nr. 6th.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
fall. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for 11. ¦
EMPLOYMENT OFFICES. ,
JAPANESE and Chinese help of all~klnds:
cooks, waiters and bouse servants. GEO.
AOKI & CO.. 421 Post St.: tel. Bush 135.
SAM KEE & CO.. employment office— Best help;
estbd. 1850. 621% California st.; tel. Red 401.
CHINESE Employment Office— All kinds best
help furnished. - 439 Bush st. : tel. James 1601.
JAPANESE Intelligence Office— Furnish most
reliable help. 524 Bush st; teL Bush 618.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese. Chl-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr.Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese Employment Of-
flce; all kinds hPlp. 31B Stockton: Main B189.
EMPLOYMENT WMTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG woman' with* a child wishes a place as
working housekeeper. Call at 127 Turk st.
YOUNO Scandinavian girl wishes a place to do
general housework. Apply at 316% Rich st,
between Brannan and Townsend. , • • .. ' —
SITUATION wanted by lady as housekeeper:
and her boy. who understands the care • of
horses and is useful about the place; country
preferred. Box 35, Call office. /
A GOOD woman wishes a situation as a good
cook; would do general housework; willing and
obliging worker. 225 Minna' st. * " '
A GOOD, obliging woman wishes a situation to
do general housework for ; city or short dis-
tance in country; good plain cook and laun-
dress. 227 Minna St. '
GERMAN girl wishes situation; : good plain
cook and down stairs work; wages $25. 1022
Larkin st.
SITUATION wanted by a middle-aged J woman
to do general housework. 316 Linden ave.,'
near Gough. . v .. .-. ¦ • •;
SITUATION; by a good strong girl* for general
housework; wages $20. , Call at 522. Third st.
AN Eastern . woman wishes a situation to > as-
sist in housework ' at 50 cents a day, $3 . per
wetjk; sleep home. Box 95, Call office/ ,
WANTED— General housework: good plain
7 cook, -washer and ironer; . wages ¥30. . Call
or -address 721 Bush st. ; city,, or .country.
A COMPETENT ladles' nurse ' wishes engage-
ment. Address Nurse, 301 Franklin st
W ANTED— By a competent Protestant woman,
a position as housekeeper, in hotel, first-class
lodging-house or private, home;, will ; assist
. with sewing .or charge of doctor's of-
fice or sentlemen's club. Box 4874, CallJ,
COLE, 769-771. bet. Beulah and Frederick st*.—
Fine rew sunny fists, 7 rooms and bath;
rent reasonable.
FLATS TO LET.
- HELP WANTED— FEMALE Con. .
AA— OPERATORS wanted on children's and
' misses'- coats; good wages. I. MAGNIN &
CO... 656 Mission st. . . * ,
AA— OPERATORS wanted on ladies' underwear
in factory. I. MAGNIN & CO., 656 Mission.
AA— OPERATORS wanted on ladles' waists;
good wages. L MAGNIN & CO.. 656 Mission.
EXPERIENCED operators on fancy and negli-
gee shirts; best prices; steady work. LOW-
ENBERG & CO., 27 Jessie st -.
LADY as companion: good home, fair pay, for
. right party. Call after 2 p. m. at 116 Taylor.
NEAT, £ respectable - girl i to assist in general
housework; wages $10 to $12. . Call after 10
a. m.. 2616' Howard st
WANTED — Two experienced waitresses at In-
ternational Hotel, • 824. Kearny st; wages $20
and found. .
GOOD cook with references,. $25. Call In the
forenoon at 2524 Pine st ' .
OPERATOR, ! improver and paid apprentice on
waists. 2014 Sutter st
NEAT girl, experienced In bakery; no others
need apply; German preferred. 108 Ninth st.
WOMAN for a small boarding-house. -9 Clay
street. 1
WANTED— Young ladles; good hands at dress-
maklng. 782 Geary st '
GIRLS to sew on buttons. NEWBAUER
BROS., 507 Market St.
YOUNG girl; help with light housework and
child; good home. 1006 Geary st
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to wait on
sick lady; Vages $5 week. 320^ Sutter st
A GIRL for cooking; references. Call after
10 o'clock. 1268 O'Farrell. .
— — . _ __ _ _ _ . .
GIRL for light second work. 922 O'Farrell at.
GIRLS to put up perfumes. $3 per week; ref-
erences. Box 93, Call office.
MIDDLE-AGED lady for housework In small
family; no children. 1309 Dolores st.
GIRL for housework; plain washing; wages
$15. 1920 Sutter St.
WANTED— For San Rafael, girl; housework;
plain cooking; 3 adults; $15. 208 Folk st.
NEAT girl for general housework; small fam-
ily. Call before 12 o'clock. 1124 Ellis st
FIRST-CLASS finishers on pants; steady work
guaranteed; good pay.
BELASCO _ HARRIS CO..
641 Market st
WOMEN and girls to work -on • fruit; both
piece and day work;' steady, clean work all
summer. Apply Tenth and Bryant sts.
CODE-PORTWOOD CANNING CO.
WANTED — Dressmaker and apprentice. 764
- .Howard st. ¦ • ¦¦
•¦4. .
ELDERLY lady for assisting In general house-
work. Call 217*Grantave., in saloon.
WANTED — Experienced maker for millinery
department. Apply at HALE BROS.* between
8 and 11 a. m.
WANTED— Operators on women's wrappers;
steady work; electric power; good pay.
MARKS BROS.. 1212 Market st.
APPRENTICES to learn tailoring; paid while
learning. BELASCO & HARRIS CO.. 541
Market, st ¦ ~ - • ¦ -
PROBATIONER'S nurses; references.-. Apply
superintendent, FRENCH HOSPITAL.
EXPERIENCED sewlner-machine operators at
I Greenebaum, Weil & Michels', 531 Mission st.
WANTED — Refined woman past 30 for respon-
sible position. Box 102, Call office.
TAILORESS; a pants finisher wanted. 5%
Kearny st. room 18, top floor. ¦
EXPERIENCED operators on overalls. HEY-
NEMANN & CO.. 410 Mission
WANTED— Women for light work on fruit
1731 Folsom Ft.
i A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
! subscriptions has been established at 1096
i Valencia ft.
HELP WANTED* — 31 ALE. V ~
A— MURRAY & READY7TTr!T7phone~Main 5S43
Leading Employment and Labor Agents.
Office open 7 a. m. to-day
UKIAH
150 teamsters Ukiah Free
250 laborers Uklah .Fre«
50 men to cut right of way, $2 to $2 50 day
75 laborers for ballast and steel gangs
SHIP FREE
TO-DAY— UKIAH
....SANTA FE R. R. CO.'S OWN WORK. ...
A carload of laborers, . no experience re-
quired, to work «n section, steel, ballast and
other gangs; this is company work at Stock-
ton, Fresno, Bakersfleld and Merced Divisions
FREE FARE... SHIP DAILY
[ ..LABORERS. MINES. QUARRIES, ETC..
1 3 single hand miners, north. $75;. 5 miners,
gold mine, north, $75; 6 single hand miners,
$75; 5 miners, $60; drillers, $2oO; tunnelmen,
$3; laborers, $2 25; 6 muckers, quartz mine, \
$60 and found; 10 laborers for mine, $75; 25 i
laborers for surface work, smelter, $45 and
found; 12 laborers, gold mine, fare $2 50, $60;
179 men for different quarries, $? to $2 50 day;
3 carmen -for mine :
10 laborers for, bridge company, near city
; $40 and found
5 laborers to work on gentleman's grounds.;..
••• .....$2 day
5 laborers, Santa Clara County.. $34 and found
5 laborers, brickyard. 60c fare.. $30 and found
FARE PAID SEE BOSS HERB
.SAWMILL AND LUMBER CO..'.
10 laborers to pile lumber and work in mills
and yards, no experience required, $37 50 and
found, fare paid; see boss here
10 laborers to pile lumber In yards, $52 50,
fare paid; 5 handy men' with ax.- San Mateo
County $39 and found
15 laborers to work in mills, yards and
woods, no experience required.. $35 and found
FARMS, DAIRIES. ETC
E0 farmers, steady Jobs
S20, $30, $35 and founil
27 teamsters, ranch; IS orchard hands; 12
milkers and dairymen
6 men^ to work on a large ranch, drive teams,
Irrigate, etc .$26 and found
. 27 choremen and choreboys $15, $20, $25, $30
FRUIT PICKERS
FRUIT PICKERS
25 men or strong boys to pick fruit, work in
packing-house, dry yards; no 'experience re 7
quired; anybody will suit; $30 and found; thl3
is a large fruit farm; long Job
MISCELLANEOUS
Boxmaker for a large company..... '.....$2 day
5 men to work In dry yards.. ..$30 and found
Bakery wagon driver, city $30 and found
Boy for country store; farmer and wife. So-
noma County." $40 and found, see boss here; 5
laborers, factory, no strike; stablemen and
buggy washers; deckhand for a dredger, $35
and found ; dry goods clerk for a country
merchandise store; carpenter for a factory.
$35 and found; rough carpenter. $35 to $40 and
.?..HOTE'L.''BAkERYV"BUT'CHER'DEPT'.V.".
-.. First and second cook, sawmill camp, $00 and
found, see boss. here: .lunch counter man,
city; night cook, mining town, $40 and found,
fare paid; cook for officers, mining company,
$50 and found; butcher and drive Wagon,
country r shop, $35 and found; slaughter-house
butcher, $52; third hand baker, $35 and found;
second cook for a mine. $40 and found, fare
paid; cook for a boat, $60; vegetable man. $25;
porters, $25 and $20; first and second baker,
country shop
MURRAY & READY 634-636 Clay St.
GARDENER and wife, $50; farmer and wife,
$45; and gardener, $30 and found;
stableman for gentleman, country place, $25
and found;* 2 choremen for country, $25 and
found; farmers for Contra Costa and Santa
. Clara counties, $25 month and $1 day and
found; 2 milk wagon drivers; 'man for milk
depot, $30 and. found; 4 almond pickers, $1
day and ' board ; ¦ 2 stable men, 1 $27 50 and $30
and found; man for poultry ranch. $25 'and
found; laborers about quarry, $2 day; others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 623 Sacramento at.
WAITER for laborers, $30 and found ; 'Janitor,
$30 ; . porter for candy store, $8 week ; porter
and barkeeper,* country hotel. $25 and found;
porter and cook, saloon, $20; bed' makers,
cooks, waiters,- and others. J. F. CROSETT
T &) CO., 628 Sacramento st
AT THE - CALIFORNIA EMP. AGENCY.
59 Third st. near Call bldg. ; phone Bush 40S.
' RAILROAD LABORERS
UKIAH! UKIAH!
FREE FARE! . V
MR R, -laborers, Uklah.:... ......$2 per day
50 R R. ¦ teamsters, Ukiah. .$2 to $2 25 per day
50 axmen, Uklah $2 per day
Free fare to ' Fresno, Merced and Bakers-
field. , .
50 shovelers for Santa Fe R. R. ; 50 section
hands for Santa Fe R. R.......N
Candy-maker, country.. ..$12 to $15 per week
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, f r. 12.—
Steward, $50; barman, country, $40.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment. ' 927 Market St., room 207,
I. -LESS, secretary: telephone Jessie 1176. :¦-' •
ELEVATOR boy, , marine firemen, , lumber stev-
edores, 1 sailors, 'non-union; no office fees;
. Mechanics' - Registration Bureau, 410 Kearny
st, room 21. . ; '-.",'•- .* :
GLASS "WORKS STARTS SEPT. 3D. T-.
V BOYS WANTED!
Apply ABRAMSON-HEUNISCH GLASS CO.,.
Fifteenth and Folsom- sts. ¦¦ . - . :
GENTLEMEN - of ¦ ¦ good address to take ' sub-
scriptions for a leading publication; nice line
of work; good - salary to right person. Ad-
. dress R., box 91. Call office.
jEARBERS, attention— To let, 95S Howard st.
near Sixth; central location. ¦
; WANTED— A boy . to ' learn •watchmaker's
; trade; references. 20 Montgomery st.
DISHWASHER wanted. Call early,* 567 Sixth
street ',•-¦¦ '
PACIFIC Coast Underwriting Co. (Inc.)— We
have 42 offices in operation; new method of
placing stocks and bonds;, companies Incor-
porated: stocks and bonds underwritten. Call
or 'address main office. 507-8-9 Parrott bldg.
FINANCIAL,
FEATHER pillows & mattresses steamed, reno-
vated. K.J.O'Rourke.1393 Valencia:tel.Capp 26S.».
FEATHERS RENOVATED.
A WEEK'S. news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call.
16 rapes, in wrai^per. for mailine. II per year.
A BRANCH office for Call aavertlsements and
Fub.«crlptlons has been established at 1096
Valencia st ' . . ...
GENTLEMAN wishes a position as nurse to
take 'care of man day or night; city refer-
ences. Address 359 Grove st.
YOUNG man, well educated In German and
English, trained medical and surgical house,
understands the drug business, best of refer-
ences and recommendations, desires position.
Box 46. Call office.
Al MARRIED man wants charge orchard,
stock or private place; first-class references.
Box 6, Pan Mateo. •¦
SITUATION wanted as wlnemaker or cellar
boss; 20 years'- experience in sweet and dry
¦ wine cellars; furnish ample evidence regards
ability, character and sobriety. Box 11, Call.
YOUNG man wants position: 9 years' experi-
ence in general office work: references from
former employers as to business ability and
character. Box 74, Call office. '
FIRST-CLASS gardener, thoroughly experi-
enced In landscape, propagation and green-
house work, desires a situation; city or coun-
try; references; can take care of 1 horse and
buggy and milk 1 cow If so required. Address
P. S.'. GARDENER. 315% Jessie st
MIDDLE-AGED man familiar with the city
wants to drive and care for one or two
horses. Box 94, Call office.
WANTED— Position as steward; hotel or club:
excellent references 1 given. Address C. ED-
WARDES, box 40, Call office.
POSITION wanted by a reliable young man as
clerk In grocery store; best of references.
Box 39. Call office.
THOROUGHLY competent and .experienced
man desires to take charge of an office, build-
ing as Janitor; best of, city references. Box
103, Call office.- : :¦'-¦-¦
BOY of 17 wishes position to drive a buggy for
a doctor. Box 38, Call office. •
POSITION wanted by experienced gardener;
. can take care of horse, cow and. buggy; best
of references.' Address Gardener, box 4851,
Call office. '
MARRIED man would like work in wholesale
house. Address G. L. S., box 78, Call office.
EMPLOYMENT "WANTED MALE.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 109«
Valencia st. ¦ :..'¦"-'
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 1 to
$6 week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage 'to- and from ferry.
A YOUNG lady wishes a place as housekeeper.
Call at 827A Howard St., room 15. -. .
YOUNG woman wishes a situation to do cham-
,-berwork or work In kitchen; sleep at home.
Call or address E. M., 344 Third st.
BUSINESS CHANCES-— Contlnned.^
MEANS wanted to find rich, free-milling quartz
ledge. Address Call agency, San Jose, Cal.
FOR SALE— A small steam laundry. Apply
2127 Mission st. _¦ >'¦ "
GOOD saloon at a bargain. Apply at SIEBE,
PLAGEMANN & CO.'S.
A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
subscriptions has been established at 1096 Va-
lencla st.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office, 2200 Fillmore st
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call." 16 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for tl.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
9 ROOMS on Post st.; worth $1000; price.. $450
16 rooms; sunny corner; clears $100 1000
100 rooms; clears $350; payments to suit.. 6000
60 rooms; $1200 cash 3200
40 rooms; clears $200; only $600 cash 1300
16 rooms; transient; only $400 cash 750
6-room flat: fine corner 300
36 rooms; on Market st 1900
10 rooms; north of Market st 450 1
42 rooms; clears every month $300 1600
8 rooms; flat near City Hall 425
15 rooms; fine corner; clears $80 600
9 rooms; good piano; must sell 525
16 rooms; offices; clears $S0 1400
14 rooms; $100 cash, balance payments... 400
48 rooms; hotel and bar 1500
18 rooms; on Sixth Bt; clears $80 900
24 rooms; on Market: clears $150. -•. 1000
15 rooms; corner; Just like home 1500
10 rooms; on Mason st.'; new..... 750
32 rooms; offices; clears $250 3500
21 rooms; $600 cash, balance payments 1250
I sell and exchange all kinds of property.
GIVE ME A CALL. ¦ I CAN SUIT YOU IN
LOCATION, PRICE AND PAYMENTS.
FRENCH AND GERMAN SPOKEN.
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market; tel. Mint 796.
ATTENTION, BUYERS! ~ '
OUR MOTTO IS SQUARE DEALING.
YOU MAY BUY ANY ROOMING-HOUSE
ON OUR LIST
And pay for it in monthly payments from the
• • profits of the house. ¦ ¦ '
MONEY LOANED AT LOWEST RATES.
10 rooms; rent $20; on Sixth $17j
40 rooms; on Third 1800
21 rooms; $500 cash, balance payments 1000
50 rooms; rent $100; clears $250 1500
100 rooms; grand corner; clears $400 6000
8 rooms; on Ellis; clears $35 630.
28 rooms; on Mission « 200
90-room hotel and bar 1600
45 rooms: rent $125; clears $150 :.... 2359
A. H. RETSLOFF, 906 Market, cor. Ellis, r.12.
________________
£50 Market st and 8 Stockton st..
Rooms 21, 22 and 23. Phone Bush 32?.
If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
to sell list with us. We have cash customers
for all sizes and prices. See list of bargains.
100 r. ; rent $475; cor.; best-paying in city.$7000
85 r. ; rent $200: Al loc: good houss 3G0O
60 r.; rent $300; cor.T elegant hotel 7000
48 r.; rent 4110; cor.; Oakland 2. r i00
16 r. ; rent $90; cor.; fine fur. and loc 2000
Money loaned on deferred payments,.^ p. c.
14 r. ; rent $35; pood trans, and loc 5nO
10 r. ; rent $28; fine fur.; piano 630
Over 600 houses listed. Call before buying.
$1100—15 ROOMS; Ellis; close in.
$5000—37 rooms; Ellis; clears $200 over all.
$650—14 rooms; O'Farrell; rent $45; bargain.
J500 — 6-roora flat; grand furniture: rent $25. .
$1100 — 17 rooms; money-maker: rent $55.
$650 — 8 rooms; now being furnished.
$2600—70 rooms; Ellis; rare opportunity.
We loan money on any proposition. DONALD
INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market st.
WINSTON & WOLF, ¦' '
1C26 Market st. Telephone Je?sl<? 2211.
22 rooms: best location south of Market. .$1WO
20 rooms; beautifully furnished: only — 1500
30 rooms; best street In city; rent $45 1200
29 rooms; snap: rent only $45 1400
50 rooms: rent $95: sunny corner 2000
600 other houses. Many bargains to select from.
LOOK LOOK LOOK
HOTELS AND ROOMING-HOUSF.S
BARGAINS EVERY DAY IN THE WEEK
EASY PAYMENTS OR CASH...
I FIND SITES AND BUILD NEW HOUSES
........ VACANT HOUSES AT TIMES
COME AND SEE ME
M. K. B. WALLACE. 916 Market St.. room 73.
BOSTON Business Agency. 1016 Market st., opp.
Fifth — Must be sold, at a great bargain,- lodg-
ing-house, fine paying, price $S00, halt cash,
balance to suit buyer,- house 22 rooms, rent
$25, guaranteed profit $100 per month: house
on Eddy st., 10 rooms, money-maker, great
bargain. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market St.,
opp. Fifth. • ¦¦
MARION GRIFFIN. 719 Market, rms. 1 and 2.
Near the Call building. Tel. Black 1S03.
Call at my office for big free list. .
I will give you a square deal and good title.
List your house with me — no charge.
Money to loan, payable monthly or yearly.
All kinds of businesses for sale.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market. Phone Folsom 1592.
We have a number of good bargains In lodg-
ing-houses, saloons, candy and notion stores,
also restaurants and cigar stands, which we
can vouch for. Call and get our prices.
THE largest and best list of lodging-houses
and hotels can be found at office of -
G. W. ECHWEINHARD, phone Mint 1911,
No. 917 Market st. (near Fifth st.)
"24-ROOM house; rent $115: well furnished: house
earning: must be sold: sacrifice at $1900. Ad-
dress A. L., box 58. Call office.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly Call,
16 pages. In wrapper, for mailing. $1 per year.
SPIRITUALIS3I.
COME & see C. V. Miller's wonderful seances;
Sun., Tues., Frl.. 8 p. m.. 50c; you can speak
to spirit friends face to face, recognize them;
give names: received medals from many
countries: taken last world's record medal
Paris Fair. 1084 Bush st. ; tel. 2275 Larkin
FREE— Ladles who want to know whether they
possess mediumistlc talents; If they develop
with me and cannot get full names In 90
davs, no charges; 2 trial private lessons free;
afternoons. FRANKLIN, 724 Post St.
A— Mrs. Dr. Farnham, spiritual medium* and
life reader; mining a specialty; clr. Sun., Wed.
and Fri. evenings. 1035 Market st. V . - r ; ;
CHAS. BROCKWAY. 25c seance Sun., Tues.
and Thurs., 8 p. m.; every one gets a test;
private readings dally. 293 Hyde, cor. Eddy.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, bus. medium;
life reader: medical, clairvoyant: sittings, $1;
letter, $2. 1164 O'Farrell St.; Ellis car. ,.
MRS. HUBBARD, 109 Oak— Circle Tuesday and
Friday, 8 p. m.; Wednesday, ladles, 2:30 p.,
m., 10c; meetings daily, 50c.
MME. YOUNG'S demonstration of spirit return
to-night. 605 McAllister; 10c; come, skeptics.
W. G. KEEGAN holds spiritual meeting every
night except Sat; 10c. 148 Sixth st. 2d floor.
MRS. HARLAND'S cir. to night: articles read,
10c: clr. Wed.. Thurs.; read, dally. 148 Sixth.
MRS. M. A, BRYANT: correct facts; readings
dally; by letter $2. 110 Sixth st. room 8.
MRS. LESTER, spiritual test meeting, 8 p. m.,
. 10c; readings dally. 148 Sixth st., room 12.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings dally: teat to all to-night. 10c.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MME. M. BERNARD, ~
THH FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanently
located at 17 Third st., next Examiner bldg. She
reads- your life correctly, gives an accurate de-
scription of the past, reveals the present hap-
penings and portrays events to occur In the fu-
ture. If you are in trouble, discontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this great
medium and you will be told how to overcome
them. Valuable advice in all affairs of life;
25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium. Is permanently Hocated at 1206 Mar-
ket st, corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 25 and
26: take elevator. Perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall ; send stamp for pamphlet
with special terms. Dally and Sunday. *
MME. ARNDT, the great clairvoyant, tells past,
future; never falls; has the greatest Egyptian
secret; shows pltcure future husband or wife;
fee 25c and up: satisfaction to everybody; open
Sundays; hours 10 to 8 p. m. 215% Sixth st.
MME. MONTAGUE. ' . . • ~"
Truthful predictions In all affairs of life;
gives names, facts, figures; Rives luck; honest
predictions In love affairs; reunites separated,
' not one failure ; letters answered. 116 Turk.
A— LINCON, CLAIRVOYANT.
HIGH PSYCHIST.
The most wonderful clairvoyant on the coast:
he succeeds when others fall; permanently lo-
cated at 125 Turk st.; readings by mall.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses disease with life reading; ladies 50c;
gents $1 ; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
ISMAR. the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market op.
6th; private readings dally. 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
KNOW your fate, MME. -RICHARDS, astrol-
ogical palmist- reader human destiny; never
falls; 25c and 50c; by mall, 50c. 1203 Mission.
MME. LAROSE, best clairvoyant, card reader;
German spoken; 25c up. 777 }£ Market st.room 18.
MME. HANSEN — Card reader and palmist;
past present, future. -108 Sixth st, 2d floor.
MME. WALTERS, great card reader; ladles 25c.
gents EOc. 951 Mission, nr. 6th; open Sundays.
Mrn.Mallory, clairvoyant card reader: when oth-
ers fail consult me; l.'25c, g. 60c. 917 Howard.
CLAIRVOYANT card reader from Louisiana*
only 10c; from 1 to 8 p. m. 262 Minna, nr. 4th.
I M. WILLE. crystal seer, clairvoyant, medium:
sittings. 9 a. m. to 8 p. m. ; 50c. 326A Ellis St.
CARD reading 25c: hours from 1 to 8 p. m. 835
Howard st; nr. Fourth,
FREE test readings; ladles morning: open 10 to
C; closed Sundays. FRANKLIN, 724 Post St.
MRS JiIELVILL, well-known clairvoyant, water
1 reader. 11 Cth;German spoken jtcl.Howard 1846.
GOOD dressmaker desires a few more engage-
ments, $1 50 per day. Address box 28, Call.
AMERICAN lady would like position as lady s
maid, cr companion; is musical and willing
to be generally useful. Box 53. Call office.
WOMAN; about 30, honest and reliable, would
like work from 8 to '5. Address L. B., box
75, Call office. . -:
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker finishes dresses, also
does tailoring by the day; 75c. 417 Turk st,
~ In. store. ; >. . ; . - .
A YOUNG woman; employment by day. 501
. Leavenworth st. cor.' O'Farrell, r. 8, 2d floor.
HELP WANTEn— -WAL»S— Coi». ].
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO/S........104 Geary at
WORK .RAILROAD WORK
-"f^^f^R ukiAH^?.^!::::::
100 teamsters _rH a ° ay
100 laborers.... — * 2 a da y
FOR NEVADA ;y— ;V"
100 teamsters -t f| a 'day
a ..^
B0 masons' helpers. $1 7a to $2 a day
100 laborers.. ••'•'VUV^ |X
FOR CHATSWORTH PARK..........
100 drillers and headers $2 25 to $2 oO
100 muckers and laborers ••";; •'••:**
FOR SANTA FE SYSTEM
60 laborers, section work •• -* 1 <°
Free Fare. :..:... Ship Dally Free Fare
60 laborers, city, $2 a day: 10 laborers for
sawmill and woods, $2 a day^ blacksmith,
country shop, $3 a day; all-around millwright,
country, $5 a day; canwasher, city, $30 ana
board; man and wife, country. $40; young
German farmer, country. $30. see boss h«r?:
10 laborers, lime quarry, country. $2 a day.
farmers, milkers, choremen, stablemen ana
others ••
HOTEL DEPARTMENT
Hotel butcher, good carver. $70 to $80; roast
cook, hotel, $70; night cook, $60; meat cook.
$50; baker. $40; -kitchen hand. »30, for an in-
stitution, country; second cook. $60; broiler,
$45, hotel, city; second hand baker, country
shop, $35 and fare: 20 dishwashers and kitchen
hands. $3<Tand $25; bartender. city..'$oO: 2
waiters, country, $30; 4 bellboys. $10 and $la.
2 bellboys, country hotel. $20 and free fare.
; C. R. HANSEN & CO ....104 Geary st.
WANTED— Cooks, waiters, dishwashers, vego-
tablemen and kitchen help; also experienced
restaurant steward; no fee. 127 Mason st.
FIRST-CLASS experienced crockery and glass-
ware packer; state age and experience. Ap-
ply box 89. Call office.
Al RENOVATOR Y pressman; only young, so-
ber man wanted; good wages. 56o Geary sc
GOOD dishwasher; also good all-round man
in restaurant 1507 Market st. j
BUTCHER boy wanted; wages $8 week. Peo-
ple's Market, cor. Sixteenth and Market sts.
ERRAND boy wanted at 200% Turk st. near
Jonea. ¦ •¦
MEN and boys to learn to make shirts; good
pay; steady work. Lowenberg&Co., 27 Jessie.
WANTED— A shoemaker at 606 Market st.
. near Sansome.
WANTED— To buy small barber shop cheap.
Address box 36. Call office.
BARBER and bootblack wanted. 39% Turk
St.. near Taylor.
EXPERIENCED helper on. hard candy; steady
work. 33 Main st. -
BOY wanted In tailor store; references re-
quired. 106 Stockton st.
FIRST— CLASS coatmaker; must be quick;
good pay. 541 Market st ' •
WANTED— An errand boy. Apply to CHARLES
ADAMS. 244 Stockton st
BOY wanted; small delivery wagon. Call be-
fore 7 o'clock. 1747 Post st
WANTED — Dishwasher or. man and wife for
same. Apply 13 New Montgomery st
BARBERS — A four-chair barber shop for sale
cheap at 2809 Greenwich st. ¦
EXPERIENCED young man, take care of
stock in clothins store. 314 Kearny st.
WANTED — 100 able-bodied men; wages 50 cents
per hour, board, lodging and protection in-
cluded. Apply, re.ady to go to work, Monday
or Tuesday, September 2 and 3, from 6:30 to
' 7:30 a. m., to WILLIAM THOMAS. 506 Bat-
tery St., rooms 12 and 14.
1000 MEN wanted— Sailors, stevedores, firemen,
laborers; steady employment; good wages.
Lumber Dealers' Association, 209 Examiner
building.
500 TEAMSTERS: steady employment: good
wages. Apply Lumber Dealers' Association.
209 Examiner building.
WANTED — Musicians, first and second class,
for the Puget Sound Navy Tard Band; E flat
clarinet: solo B flat clarinets; cornets, altos;
trombones, barytone, tuba and drums; men
who double In orchestra preferred; pay of mu-
sicians, first class, $32 and $9 ration; musi-
cians, second class, $30 and $9 ration. Apply
to recruiting officer U. S. R. S. NIPSIC,
Navy Yard. Puget Sound, Bremerton, Wash.
WANTED— A steady, sober man with $100 for
a plain, every day business: will pay $15 to
$18 per week; experience not required: place
permanent. Apply 763 Market St., room 3.
YOUNG man with some experience to work in
fruit store. 930 Fillmore st.
BRIGHT, honest boy of, proper age to learn
watchmaking and kindred trades; a gcod
opportunity for risht boy; must give good
references. 707 Market st.
COACHMAN wanted for city; must be not over
30 years of age. Apply by letter. Stating age.
last employment and salary required 'without
board. Box 70, Call office.
WANTED— 200 honorably discharged U. S. sol-
diers or marines. Apply at room 10. S25
Montgomery St.: bring discharge papers;
wages |3 per day with bonus. '
1000 MEN wanted— Rock drillers, tunnel, brush
and shovel men to work on ditch line being
constructed for the Sweepstake Mining Co.
near Weavervllle, Trinity Co.. Cal.; apply on
work: steady work, good board and ¦ best
wages In State. San Francisco Construction
Co., 26 Montgomery st, room 25, San Fran-
cisco, Cal.
WANTED— Recruits for the marine corps. U.
S. navy; able-bodied, unmarried men of good
character, between the ages of 21 and 35: not
less than 5 feet 4 Inches and not over 6 feet 1
Inch; able to speak and read English. For
further information apply at the Recruiting
office. 40 Ellis St.. San Francisco.
MEN to learn barber trade; only requires eight
weeks: positions secured at * $60 monthly;
special inducements this month; write at
once for free catalogue. MOLER BARBER
COLLEGE. 635 Clay st.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
: runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1 to $2 per week.
WANTED— Dress goods, domestic and gents'
furnishing goods salesmen. Apply at HALE
BROS.' between 8 and 11 a, m.
200 MEN to buy suits made to order, $1 .per
week. A. B. SMITH CO.. 123 Ellis st
WANTED — Crockery packer: only thoroughly
experienced man need apply. Box 42. Call.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged, half
' jprlce. E63 Mission St.. bet 1st and 2d sts.
GET your shoes half-soled •while waiting; 23c
to 50c. E63 Mission St.. bet. 1st and 2d sts.
McDONALD & PERRY have 500 pairs second-
hand shoes for sale; 50c up. 241 Third st
100 ORDINARY teamsters. Apply at 232 Mont-
gomery st. ¦ ¦ ' '
2 FIRST-CLASS cabinet-makers on wood man-
tels. MANGRUM &- OTTER. 681 Market st.
WANTED— Men for light work on fruit 1731
Folsom st.
YOUNG man to do Janitor work for tuition in
San Francisco Barber School, 741A Howard st
WANTED— 500 men to buy new and 2d-hand
army shoes. $1 up; soling 20c up. 923 Howard.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st.. near Mar-
ket — 700 rooms, 25c night; reading rooms; free
1 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
HORSES AND WAGONS.
H. BRANDENSTEIN & CO. has removed from
631 Mission st. to 819 Folsom st, with an as-
sortment of sale horses; also livery and board-
Ing; new boarders solicited. WM. HELLIER.
H. BRANDENSTEIN.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons buggies
carts harness. Grand Arcade Horse Market
327 Sixth st; auction sales every Wednesday
SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
FOR SALE — A very stylish and spirited car-
riage team; light dapple gray; 15ft hands, of
fine breed. _ Address box 68. Call office.
150 HEAD stock horses for sale. A. M. SCOTT
& CO.. 35 Pore St.. S. F. -v
FOR . sale — Nearly new business ; also leather
-- top light buggy. 1453 Devtsadero st
CHEAP— New panel body delivery. 1 laundry. 1
baker's. 1 shoe, 1 grocery wagon. 828 Harrison.
A BARGAIN in good carriage, saddle, business
and . road horses. DALZIEL. 605 G. G. ave.
BOYCOTT the ROBERTS Harness and Wagon
Co.; he sells -too cheap. 54 Eighth st •
40 HEAD of work and driving horses; 2 fast
. pacers. 721 Howard at ;
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness
. etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st
"AN A No. 1 express wagon, single: also light
camping wagon for sale, cheap - 532 Mission.
¦ . HOSPITALS. :
MENTAL & nervous diseases cared for at San
¦ Elmo HnimltQl; 230 Eou«la_ St.. San Fran.
HOUSES TO IET.
A— PRINTED list houses to let; send for cl—
cular. G. H. UMBSEX & CO.. 14 MontgomerjW
HOUSES TO LET FDRSISHEd!
FOR rent— Furnished house of 8 rooms or will
sell furniture cheap. 415 Harrison st
LOST AXD FOUND.
PARTIES who took purse from table at St
Germain restaurant Sunday evening return
to above place or 611 Powsll st, as they are
known.
PARTY who took bicycle (Royal Limited) from
Call building Saturday night is known. If r5 _
turned immediately no action will be taken.
LOST— Purse containing statue and money
about 29th and Church sts. Reward at 98
Chenery st.
LOST— White Spitz dog yesterday; liberal re-
ward. 2751 Broadway.
LOST— Saturday, August 31. envelope cf-»tam-
lns money; $5 reward. MAY COLL. J7 Fell.
LOST— Brown cocker spaniel, male. Return to
115 Haight st. and receive reward.
FOUND— Gordon setter dog. Owner can have
same by paying expenses. 1S33 Eddy st
IT will pay to "Remember" that the Califor-
nia Watch Case Co., 220 Sutter st. needs oM
gold and silver to make new watch cases.
MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladies
send 10c for latest list Mra. Hertz. 706 Ellis.
MATTRESSES AND PILLOWS.
TO order, also cleaned and sterilized, uphol-
stery; Al carpet cleaning; honest work guar-
anteed. HOPKE BROS.. 411 to 415 PoweU st. ;
tel. Bush 421.
MEDICAL.
DR. O'DONNELL- All who are sick and in
trouble call, and consult the specialist My
medicines have been used for many years by
thousands; the unfortunate helped; relief In
all cases taken; the most obstinate cases
have been relieved by my treatments; frea~
confidential advice on all subjects of a deli-
cate nature: all classes of female complaints
treated; relief to the longest cases. DR. G.
W. O'DONNELL, 1013 Market st
RETURNED
MRS DA VIES has returned from her vaca-
tion and will b« pleased to see her friends at
the old number, 1228 Market Bt
HIXDOOHERB AND MRS. DA VIES' original
method of treatment; maternity home: homa
in confinement 1126 Market st. S. F.
DR. TALCOTT & CO.— Practice confined to
weaknesses and diseases of men only. 397
Market et., corner Sixth; entire upper floor.
MRS. D. ALLEN. 1113 Market— Reliable la-
dles' specialist: a prlv. home before and dur-
ing confinement; best medical care; low fee*.
MRS. T>. KOHL removed from Market st. to
410 O'Farrell st. between -Taylor and Jones.
MRS. D. WTETH'S Maternity Horn* removed
frnm Post .to 410 O'Farrell st. near Taylor.
.MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engines,' 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont it
BARS, back bars, mirrora. restaurant and po-
ker tables, barroom chairs, linoleum, new an<t
second hand; we always have a large stock o£
6alcon outfits on hand: 32 complete outfits on
one floor, ready made; we can ship every thins
in 24 hours. J. NOONAN, 1017. 1019. 1021. 1023
Mission St.. above Sixth: write for catalogue.
Graphophones, Phonograph*. Gramophones, $5 to
$1.50: easy terms; children's toy graphophone*
$1 5G; 2d-hand Phonographs, Gramophones very
cheap. Columbia Phonograph Co.. 125 Geary.
A — BUYS, sells or rent* gear, machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
etc. WHITELAW. 253-255 Spear st
REMEMBER, the College Kennela has thor-
oughbred dogs and pups of all descriptions.
115 Haight st.
NEW or 2d-hand clothing, shoes, tools, metals.
Jewelry bought, sold, exch.; 1 4-H.P. Covey; (
1 2%-H.P. Hercules; gasoline eng. 910 Kearny.
1301 COLUMBIA. Rambler. Snell. Orient and
other second-hand bicycles cheap;' send for
list. LEAVITT & BILL. 309 Larkin st.
FINE counter. 60 feet In four parts: suitable
for office, store, bank or bar. L. & M.
ALEXANDER. 110 Montgomery st
A— $3 SO DERBY and Fedcra hats, $1 75. Pop-
ular Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st. near Pine.
FINE suits. *10: dress pants. $2 73. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
CHOICE family cow for sale cheap. 3026 San
Bruno road. ,
ALLIGATOR leather lined grips. *2 50. Misfit
Clothing Parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton xt.
FULL dress suits. $10. Misfit Clothing Parlors
(upstairs), 23 Stockton st (Suits rented.)
CUSTOM made uncalled-for pants, $2 50. lirsfit
Clothing Parlors (upstairs), 23 Stockton st.
15-HORSEPOWER engine and boiler; good as
new. 315 Railroad ave.
A LOT of oil tanks, all sizes and shapes.
cheap. H. S. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
UNCALLED-FOR suits from leading tailors.
Misfit Clothing Parlors (upstairs). 23 Stockton.
GASOLINE engines, all sizes, new and second
hand. J. E. DOAK. 511 Mission st
MOVING Dlcture attachments for macic lan-
terns. $12 f.O. 1S9 Montgomery st
SAFES— New and second-hand. THE HER-
MAN SAFE CO.. 417-423 Sacramento st
DIAMONDS, watches, jewelry: cash or Install-
ments. Tbeo. Fershtand. 126 Kearny. r. 29.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
BAR outfits, showcases: all lengths and sizes.
J. SCHWERPT. 821 Mission St.
2D-HAND machinery of all kinds bought, sold,
rented, exchanged. H. S. White. 516 Mission.
ENGINES and boilers; second-hand machin-
ery. J. BURKE. 139 Beale st.
FAIRBANKS' 10-ton hay scale: Jeweler's steel-
llned safe, perfect order. 216 California st
MAGIC lanterns, new and 2d-hand moving plc-
tures. BITLLARP & BRECK. 131 Pest St.
MISCEL—1NEOUS WANTS.
TILTON wants good second-hand clothing and
theatrical goods. 154 9th St.: tel. Folsom 2522.
— money to loan.
aX^m^n^a^ta^TEoa^'coSpant^
$300,000 at 6 per cent in sums to suit City and
Oakland, town and country property; second
- mortgages, life Insurance & securities. Loans
on unsettled estates, undivided Interests la
real estate and legacies. We will purchase any
of above securities. Tel. Red 5024. MANHAT-
TAN LOAN CO., 7th floor. Crocker bldg.
ANY AMOUNT AT 6 PER CENT
First, second and third mortgages.
Undivided interest in real estate in probate...
Mortgages and legacies bought: no delay
Get my terms before doing business elsewher*
R. McCOLGAN
24 Montgomery St.. room 3...........
HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner building—
$5.000, OCO at 6% or less In large sums; loans
on second mortgages, estates, etc.; financial
problems of all sorts and sizes. If your prop-
erty is mortgaged and you need more money
see HERMAN MURPHY. 603 Examiner bldg.
ANY proposition, any amount; 6 per cent; first,
second mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies, undivided Interests, secu-
rities, manufacturing, mercantile and timber
interests; corporation leans. It ZJ, first floor.
Chronicle building. GEORGE E. OLSEN.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
liberal advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 94S Market
st : tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st -
RELIABLE cori*oration. established 1S63. pro» .J
place to borrow money on diamonds. Jewel* J
pianos and sealskins at lowest rate of Inttrcc*,'
9 Grant ave.. near Market: tel. BUck sx:t
MUNICIPAL Loan Office. 103 Grant ave-T"near
Geary St.; phone Red 1603.
$300— CERTIFICATE Realty Syndicate 10 per
cent discount. For particulars address P.* O.
box 47. Berkeley.
ON real estate, 1st or 2nd mortgages & on furni-
ture or pianos without removal: any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co.. 26 Montgomery.
Advances life Insurance policies; Army and
Navy officers' salaries; accounts of bank books
in liquidation bought Apply 330 Montgomery.
LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by prlvata
party; no removal: no commission: confiden-
tial. Room 3. Conservatory bldg.. 301 Jones.
ON furniture, pianos; no removal: money
quick; lowest Interest: easy terms; no brok»r-
age; reliable party. 1170 Market st.' room W.
MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds
watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
$25,000 IN trust to loan at 6 per cent; city or
country; see me before going elsewhere.
HARPER. 337 Parrott building. .-¦
A-^OS real estate; lowest rate; no brokerage:
no delay. LICK. 116 McAllister st
THE TOUSLEY Company; loans and discounts.
321 Parrott building.
MONEY loaned salaried people without secur-
Ity. Hill, r. 44. Merchants' Ex.. 431 California.
ON salaries or wages: no lndorser required H
F. DISCOUNT AGENCY. 143 Phelan bunging!
LOANS money on salary; no tndorser; Eastern
plan. Western Loan Co.. 309 Phelan bids.
$100,000 TO loan on real estate or for building:
low rate. 223 Sansome st. room i.
CASH loaned to salaried people on note without
lndorser. MORRELL. (09 Examiner building.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes position to do
cooking . and general housework. ' Apply at
. 271 Minna st. ;¦ no postals. ¦ ¦ . '.'- .'-
SAN FRANCISCO. CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of The San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets; open
until 12 o'clock every night In th» year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street.
corner Clay; open until 9:30 p. m.
300 Hayee street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CS9 McAllister street; open until 9:30 p. to.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 p. m.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 p. m.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 p. m. *
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 p. m. •
1086 Valencia street: open until 9 p. —
, Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. m. '-*-*;-
23P0 Fillmore street; open until 9 p. m.
• MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. m
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- ,__,
ING, September 3, at 7:30 o'clock. TkX
Stated meeting; P. M. and M. E. M. / ~r
degrees. By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Se~ stary.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge, No. 30. F. and A. jk
M. Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) ,__
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. J_K
EDWIN L. MEYER, Secretary. / ~r >
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.. m
121 Eddy st. Stated meeting THIS _P_.
EVENING at S o'clock. \ 7_K
GEORGE PENLQfGTON. Sec /?'
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. _
M. Stated meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _J_
EVENING at S o'clock. 1%J\
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary, /^r >
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. & A M. •
¦. —The officers and members of the J\ m
above named lodge are hereby notified ~L/T
to attend the funeral of our late ' V
Brother. LUTHER E. THRASHER, late a
member of Lawrence Lodge No. 6, Kansas,
In King Solomon's Hall. Masonic Temple, on
WEDNESDAY. September 4. at 2 o'clock p.
m. Master Masons and friends of the de-
ceased are invited. By order of the Master.
FRAXKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29. I. O. O.
F. THIS (TUESDAY) MORNING •^22XX§:
at J:S> the funeral detail will as-
¦enable In our lodge room to at- '" *¦
tend the funeral of our late Bro.. J. Jacoby.
At to-night's meeting of the lodge there will
be an initiation. H. H. VELLENO, N. G.
SAMUEL POLACK, Secretary-
rACIFIC Lodge No. 153. I. O. O. F. x^^SS^
—Members will meet in lodgeroom
- at 12:15 o'clock, TUESDAY, Sep- '
tember 8. Funeral of our late
Brother HENRY GEORGE. Lodge will ad-
journ at 12:S0 at, hall. Interment private.
FRANK D. MACBETH. N. . G.
CHARLES J. THELAN, Secretary.
FRANCO- AMERICAINE Lodge 207.
I. O. O. F.— Officers and mem- SgSJSSsfS
bers:' You are hereby notified to -=g£>"^=-
assemble at our lodgeroom WED-
KESDAY. September 4. 1901. at 1:30 p. m..
to attend the funeral of our late Brother
FRANK: BARBERI. By order of Noble
Grand. L. CARRAINE, N. G.
_ A AURADOU. Secretary.
AUSTRIAN Benevolent Society— Of- y.^*.
ficere and members, attend your KS5J3
quarterly meetlsi? WEDNESDAY •Jy&Af
EVENING. September 4, 190L at 7:30 PJtpS
sharp. Uncalled-for prizes from last
picnic will be auctioned. Members holding
tickets from our last picnic will please return
the eame or they will be charged as dues.
The thlrty-firrt grand annual ball will be
riven at Union Square Hall Saturday even-
ing. October 12. 1S0L By order of
M. SCANATICH. President.
DE WITT W. TOLL, Recording Sec.
HALL of Servian-Montenegrin _*.
Benevolent Society. 909 Market st. Jjj*j_|
Regular monthly and special ,""'~^ 1
meeting of the Servian-Monte- fe^^yt^wl
negrin L. and B. Society to be-KjfcSlfeSg
held Tin WEDNESDAY, Septem- Rfift»«i;)a
ber 4. 190L at 7:30 o'clock sharp, W/-Q Ey,'5
at M9 Market st. Important
business regarding cemetery. X^.*-,ji7
All officers and members are
requested to attend. By order of
S. T. GERUNOVICH, President.
EPIRO VUCOSAVLIEVICH. Secretary.
DIVISION No. 2. A O. H.— The regu- B^«s"»>.
lar monthly meeting of this division
trill be held at Hibernla Hall. 120 J&wf
NMnth Et., on TUESDAY. September S.K'&JQa
19C1. at 7:30 p. m. Business of impor- rf>Ks
tance wil 1 come up at this meeting.
JOHN KENNY, President.
T. L. CLANCY. Secretary. "¦'¦''"',
PACIFIC Parlor No. 10. N. S. G. W.— The offi-
cers and members of above parlor will as-
semble at N. S. G. W. Hall. 414 Mason St..
THIS DAY (TUESDAY) at 9:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of attending the fu-
neral of our late brother. F. W. CORBETT.
By order of
EDWARD J. BANNING, President.
• J. C. MILLETS, Rec. Bee ¦*,:''
ADOPTION.
GIRL and boy baby for r.doptlcn. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St.. Alameda.
AGEXTS WANTED.
WANTED— Several persons of character and
rood reputation in each State (one in this
county required) to represent and advertise
old established wealthy business house of solid
financial standing. Salary J1S weekly, with
expenses additional, all pavable In cash each
Wednesday direct from head offices. Horse ,
and carriage furnished when necessary: ref-
erences. Inclose self-addressed stamped en-
velope. Manager, 306 Caxton build' g, Chicago.
AGENTS— Splendid chance to make money. Our
new Pocket Atlas contains maps of every
State In the Union, every country in 'world.
Also 1800 census complete. Over 400 /pages of
maps and descriptive matter. Sells at sight.
Send 25c for sample and terms to agents.
RAND. McNALLY & CO.. Chicago. 111.
ASPHALTPM .ROOFING.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing, sidewalks re-
palred: postal. 1136 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free— Divorces a epeclalty: quick;
quiet; no charge without success; collections,
trtlls, deeds, etc.. prepared: charge low; estb.
16 years. Atty. Q. W. HOWE. 850 Market st.
ADVICE free;dlvorces private; bankruptcy: col-
lections attachments; mortgages ;bllls of sale;
partnerships ;deeds: wills drawn ;fees low;open
•ve'g. THURSTOX. 1008% Mkt, r. 4. op. 5th.
XJEW B. DOUGLASS. 297 Parrott bldg.— Bank-
ruptcy, estates, general practice: mod. fees.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. opp. Mason.
L. 8. CLARK. Emma Spreckels bldg.. 927 Mar-
fcet ct.: consultation free: no fees In advance.
BOOKS — XEW AXD OLD.
BOOKS of every kind bought Tel. Red. 2956.
HOLMES BOOK CO.. 704-706-708 Mission st.
BOARDING FOR CHILDREN.
WIDOW ¦wouia like two email children to
board; sunny yard. 74U& Folsom st
t OR I children to board; rood home A moth-
er's car*: tlO op: Funny yard. 1607 California.
™~ BUREAU TRUNKS. :
AEK to eee Lundbeck> improved drawer
trunk: at all dealers or factory. 826 Howard.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $8000: CORNER saloon with lunchroom on
Market St.; a first-class place; owner sick in
the country; must sell at once; investigate
and make offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26V4
Kearny et
A— $500: CHOP and oyster house on Market st. ;
rent t30: daily receipts J30 and above: owner
called East by death. Call R.,G. WILKE,
26^4 Kearny 6t .
J3S0— PARTNERSHIP established business;
pood opportunity for steady man. CAL.
BUSINESS ASSN» 865% Market St.
*4S0— CANDY stand, stock and fixtures; down-
town; snap. RETELOFF. 906 Market st., r. 12.
FINE paying delicacy store and restaurant:
$400. NEWTON' & HARTER. 759 Market St.
t*5O— PARTNER wanted: great chance In a
paying office. McBRIDE & CO.. 1016 Market
FOR sale— A good-paying candy, lee-cream and
notion business in a lively Interior town-
S5000. Inquire of N. MEYER & CO.. 420 Front.
HOTEL partner wanted in a- good country
hotel; owner has 2 hotels; also one hotel for
s«ale; reasonable price. Hotel men address
Hotel, box 57. Call office.
WELL-ESTABLISHED business for sale; good
living in it. For particulars apply at E36-53S
Washington Bt; investigation solicited.
WANTED— An honest and sober partner with
13000 In an optical business; must either be
en optician or be able to attend to corre-
sponding, etc. ;• cash receipts about $1500 to
J2000 per month. Address GEORGE MAY-
ERL^:, German Expert Optician. 1C71H Mar-
ket et. £an Francisco.
FOR eale — At Invoice price, the merchandise
ctore of CNOPICS & CO., Santa Rosa, with
Its two. branches, one at Sebastopol and one
at Healdsburg. as a whole or each store sep-
arate; disagreement among partners the cause
of selling. For particulars address CNOPIUS-
& CO.. Santa Rotsa.
HARE chance— $2000 will buy an Interest in a
new patented smelter which will smelt any
kind of. base, ores much cheaper than any
oth«r smelter. Box 29. Call office.
IF you want to Invest in any good, safe reliable
business that strike doesn't affect that pays
1100 to $200 a month call Business Board of
Trade. 226 Pine st ..
tJSft— PHOTO gallery in country town: popula-
tion 2000; no opposition; doing first-class
• business. Box <1. Call offlcs. '
EMPLOYMENT B WANTED— FEMALE.The following maximum temperatures 5 were
reported from stations • In California to-day:
Eureka, 58;' Mount Tamalpais, . 75; Independ
ence, 78; Red Bluff, 86; Fresno. 86; Los Ange
les, 78, Sacramento, 84; San Luis Obispo,' 84;
San Dieio, .70. -*• -' -.
San Francisco, data: Maximum temperature,
70; minimum, 54; mean, 62. " . ' ¦ *
SAN FRANCISCO, Sept. 2, 1901— 5 p. m
(120th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Weather Report.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
THE COAST RECORD.
California Fruit Sales.
H A. . Kennedy has been appointed as
sistant geT.eral'. superintendent to succeed
thy late 1.1 r. Downs. to the present
time -Kennedy has been employed as su
perintendent, of the Kallspell division. L.
W.-Ijcw<r, now superintendent of the Fer
eus Falls division, --.will' be 'actthtr superin
tendent of the Kalispell division'": These
orders were issued and went into effect
ytr.uu (Jay afternoon. -
ST.. PAUL, Sept. 2.— Mrs. P.' T. Downs,
wife of Assistant Genteral Superintendent
Downs ' of the Great" Northern.' .who" was'
killed in the accident in Montana on Fri
day, and mother of Kirk Downs, who was
also kilted, arrived in this city this'morn
ing, and immediately left for the ¦'¦•West.
The party will meet the remains in Glas
gow, Mont., and return east with them
immediately.: The funeral .will be held in
Washington, D. C. ¦ '. ';
'The body of Kirk Downs, the son of the
dead j super:ntendent, cannot b€ found, it
most likely having been consumed in the
llames. ¦¦-:;• " ¦ "
to Have -Been Burned, in thej
Wreck. .. ' %&:£*¦
Body.- of the Latter Is Now Believed
i? ATHEE AND SON KILLED
IN RAILROAD' ACCIDENT
. MONTREAL, Sept 2.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany's sales of .California fruit at auction to
day are as follows: Pears— Bartletts, boxes, i
$2 15@3 30, average $3. Prunes— Gros, single i
crates, $1 70@l 85, average $1 73. Peaches— Late
Crawford, boxes, $1 70@l 75.- average $1 71. One
car sold to-day. Weather dry and warm.
PITTSBURG, Sept. 2.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at auction to<-day and
realized the following prices: Pears— Bartletts,
boxes, $2 70<p, average $2 79. Peaches—New
lngtbn Cling boxes 75@85c, average 78c. Prunes
— Gros. single crates, average $1 50. One car
sold to-de.y. Favorable weather. • .
PHILADELPHIA, Sept.' 2.— The Earl Fruit
Company' auctioned California fruit to-day at
the following prices: Pears— Bartletts, boxes,
|2®2 30, average $2 18. Prunes— Gros, single
crates, average $2. Favorable weather. One
car sold to-day. _.
CHICAGO, Sept. 2.— The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California fruit
sold at auction to-day:. Grapes— Tokays, single
crates, 85c@J2 40, average. $1 68; Muscats. $1®
1 05, average $1 04 : Malaga, single crates, $1 15
@1 40, average $1 29; Clusters, average $1 53.
Pears— Bartletts, .boxes, J2 15«3, average $2 11.
Dry and cool weather. Fourteen cars sold to
day. -- "• - - . ¦
Eastern Livestock Markets.
. . ' Chicago.
CHICAGO. Sept. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts, 29.
000, including 2000 Texans and 4500 Westerns.
Best easy, others 10@15c lower. Good to prime
steers, $5-60(5 6 30; poor to medium, $1 25(53 30:
gtockcrs and feeders, $2 25@4 25; cows, $2 75®
4 60; heifers, $2 2.',@3: canners, $1 75@2 65; bulls,
$2 25@4 40; calves, $2 50@5 50; Texas steers. $4®
4 70; Texas grass- steers, $3 50@4; "Western
steers, $3 75<§5 20. —
HOGS— Receipts to-day, 32,000; to-morrow,
24,000; left. over. 3000; 5®10c higher; top pries
highest of year. Mixed and butchers. $5 95(2;
6 75; good to choice heavy, $6 40@6 85: rough
heavy. $5 95@6 30; j j light, $5 95@6 60; j bulk of
sales, $8 15@6 40. - - <.•
•SHEEP-Recelpts, 26,000. Steady. Lambs, 10
1 @20c lower. r-Good to choice wethers, $3 75@4;
fair to choice mixed. $3 50<S3 70: Western sheep,
JS 25@4; native lambs, $3@5; Western Iambs,
$4 50@4 30. • . .
ST.. JOSEPH. ...
ST. JO8EPH. Sspt. 2.— CATTLE— Receipts.
2300. Market steady to 10c lower. Natives. $3®
6; cows and heifers, $1@4 75; bulls and stags,
$2@2 40; --stockers and feeders, $2@3 90; veals,
$2 25@5 25. • . ¦--. ¦ .
HOGS— Receipts. 25C0. Market 5c higher.
Light and light mixed, . $G@6 35; medium - and
heavy." $6 15@6 55; pigs, $4@6; bulk, $5 25@6 25.
SHEEP— Receipts. 3300. Market 10@15c higher.
Lambs, steady to 10c higher; -top natives, $5;
Nevadas, $4 90. ¦ ;: . --..,•,• -
London -Market. ._
LONDON. Sept. 2.— Anaconda. 9%; Atchison,
82%; do preferred, .101%; . Canadian Pacific,
116%: Denver and Rio Grande, 51%; do pre
ferred, 101%; Northern Pacific preferred. 101% :
Southern Pacific. 62%; Union Pacific, 105»4; do
preferred.. 92>/4; bar silver steady, 27dper ounce;
money, V.i@lVt P*r cent.,,
Local Forecast Official,
Temporarily In Charge.
An area of hieh pressure is central off the
Washington . coast, while the lowest pressure
ovtrlies Arizona and Southeastern California.
The pressure has fallen along the California
and Oregon coast and risen over the plateau
and Rocky Mountain regions.
Light showers and thunderstorms are report
ed from Eastern Washington, . Western Mon
tana and Utah.
The temperature has risen In Western Wash
ington and the Sacramento Valley and fallen
over the Rocky Mountains.
Conditions are ' favorable for fair and con
tinued warm weather in California Tuesday.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for ' thirty
hours ending midnight September 3, 1901:-
Northern California— Fair; warmer Tuesday;
light northerly wind. . •
Southern California — Fair; warmer Tuesday;
light northwest wind. • ' ¦ -. .
Nevada— Fair; warmer Tuesday; light north
west wind.' • • ¦ . -....
San Francisco : and • vicinity—Fair;,, warmer
Tuesday; light, northwest wind.
. r .,., ..,.>-:__ ,G. H. WILLSON,." ; - »
FORECAST.
WEATHER .CONDITIONS AND .GENERAL
GRAND HOTEL
A J Hudson&w, Fresno'
J E Cohn, Cal
P Gardner, Oakland
L G Smith, Gonzales
J O Connor, San Diego
Mrs Jacobs, New Yk
W S Caruthers. Texas
J P Moore, Los Ang
W T H Lubbe, Stanfrd
S Newberger, Cal
T E Thebearth & w,
Marysville
C H Crawford, Stnfrd
C A Morden. Portland i
Mrs C A Morden, Or
L F Moulton, Colusa
W Morden, Portland
Dr G D Mervin. Agriw
Mrs G.D Mervin, Agw
E W Palmer. Chicago
Geo Wing.. Eureka
J W Dayton, Eureka
P B Smith. Stanford''
T H Selvage, Eureka
R T Nlckerson, Napa
C S McNaught. Stnfrd
J A Green. Alhambra
J V/ B Montgomery,
Chico.
Lucie E Puter. Eureka
J C Steel. Carrville '
Helen Francis Ficker,
Stanford
vV* J Schlosser, Lusvllej
W. F George&w. Sacto
Mrs M de la Tigue,
Honolulu I
F J Buchanan&w, Cal
B Keustaeder. Concord
Mrs C Cunningham,
Ukiah
Mrs Collier & dau,
San Jose
P H Collier, San Jose
Dan Snlddy. San Jose
W D Patterson, Stnfrd
W A Manning, . Stnfrd
T H Nelmes & w, Cal
Mrs P C Wormes, Cal
E T Clowe. Woodland
Mrs R P Hill, Eldrdgs
H W Whitmarsh & w,
Los Angeles
T Rudee, Ukiah
Dr J W da Will & w,
Antioch
Mrs E Wilkins, Oaklnd
E M Wilkinson, Cal
A J Eachert&w, Nev
A N Green, Portervlle
C S Octon, Lindsay
H H Koelle, w & chid.
Monterey ~ -.
Miss M Woods, Montry
L Lahalse. Sonora
DA Llndley, Sacto
Mrs, Keeney. Cal
J P Lauritzen. Salinas
J R Taylor, Sacto
D J McFall, Nev City
J S Mariner, Lincoln
Geo Mariner. Lincoln
H E Picket. Placervlle
A Beckford Merced
.. -PALACE HOTEL. .* .
E Thompson. U S N
E E Jones, N Y
J Desmond. LoS Ang
C Granger. Pasadena
M . H • Whittier. Cal
F B Ellsworth, Wis
F W Leadbetter, Or
C H Markham. Fortld
T Llanwarue, Eftsland
W I Humphrys.'Engld
M J Kinney, Astoria
Miss H Kinney. Astora
J H Menge & w, N O
Miss F- Menge, N Or
Miss P Menge, N Or
J Hettermann. Ky
C W McCormick. Ky !
J M Leszynsky. N Y
J V J Heney. Seattle
H P Lewis, Los Ang
J N Gamble, Cinn -
T Flint Jr & w, Cal
J N Barrick, Kansas
F Cox & w, Phoenix
T J Norton. Los Ang
H Koch. New Orleans
W P Hammon & w.Cal
Mrs \V S McCormick.
Salt Lake
Miss G McCormick.
Salt Lake
Miss K McCormick,
Salt Lake :
J R Adams. Chicago
Mrs L L Baker. Cal
Mr & Mrs Strabler.JaD
Miss H Baker. Cal
Miss D Baker, Cal
H R Baker. Cal
I W Blood, Chicago
H Kaerger. Germany
Dr Weber. Germany
P M Davis, Stanford '
F W Bancroft, Stanfrd
H C Bush, Denver
J D Walker. Sacto
Mrs J W Douglass.Eng
J Douglass, Victoria
Mrs O Harvey, Victoria
Miss Glide, Sacto
Miss M Glide, Sacto
Dr W M Polk & w.NY
M Ruffe. -New York
Mrs Nabeth, N Y
C V Inderrieden. Ill
W F Forsey, Fresno
C Koscherak, N Y
J A Gibson, Los Ang
P. S Baker. Benicia
T M Towle, N Y
T E Bulldua. N Y
W C Mann, San Jose
A G Thies. Stanford
H M Fulwider. Denver
Dr C C Park & w. Cal
G W Baxter. Denver
McG Baxter. Denver
Miss K Baiter. Denver
Miss E Baxter. Denver
B Cartwright. Honolul
W W RIcker. Honolulu
¦K". . NEW WESTERN.
E Lamb. St Louis, Mo|
Geo Langloy, St Louis
J R Mitchell. Lathrop
A McDevltt. Ca!
E P Blackwell. Alaska
J B Hall, Denver
J A Johnson&wf.LAng
Miss S Stevens. L Ang
Capt Engleblettern.Cali
Serpt HI. Dunston.Cal
R Talfor. Crockett
C R PaIsald.Apari.PI
D D Mahoney. Seattle
H P Sorunsior. Seattle
T Adams, Santa Cruz
M B Harsted. L Ang
J Swartzlander, Nebr
E A York. Kansas
HOTEL ABRIVAXS.
Embassador White Ueturns to Berlin.
.BERLIN, Sept 2.— The United States
Embassador, Andrew D. White, has re
turned here.
CONCEPCION, Chili. Sept. 2.— The Brit
ish bark Collessie, Captain Auld, from
Newcastle, N. 8. TV., July 9. for Val
paraiso, has been lost off Coicoi Point
Part of her crew were saved. ¦ • • >
The Collessie was a steel .vessel, built
at Glasgow in 1891. She registered 1381
ton?, hailed from Glasgow and was owned
by A. Weir & Co.
British Bark Collessie Lost.
When the baby commanded her father
to "Tome and see mamma," Mrs. Hol
strom was also moved to tears. At the
suggestion of the court the couple retired
to a private room to talk the matter over.
Now the case has been stricken from
the docket on motion of the plaintiff. The
father, mother and alleged tiny incor
rigible have returned to their home at
Bancroft.
Holstrom then caused the' baby's arrest
and all parties appealed in the Police
Court. The moment the little one saw
her father she ran to him, sprang into
his arms and called him "Dear old dad."
Holstrom sat by the City Prosecutor with
the child in his arms and did not attempt
to conceal his emotion.
OMAHA, Sept. 2.-VIola Holstrom. 3
years old, brought about a dramatic re
conciliation between her parents In the
Pclice Court. The child was standing
her trial on the charge of incorriglbillty
and of .being reared to mendicancy. The
charge was brought by the father In a
final effort to secure the custody of his
little daughter. ¦ ; •
TheHolstrom3 lived in Bancroft, Nebr..
until, last May, when the wife tired of
mairled life and came to Omaha, bring
ing the child with her. The woman has
since lived with her parents and has kept
a -close watch on the child. Holstrom
followed his wife to this city and tried
in vain to patch up the petty misunder
standing which had resulted in his wife's
final departure. Mrs. Holstrom refused
to see her husband or to allow him to
visit with the child. ',
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Scene in a Police Court Which
Causes Man and Wife to
Come Together.
Little Girl's Words Re
unite an Estranged
Couple.
"DEAR OLD DAD,"
LISPS A CHILD
11
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY; SEPTEMBER 3,^1901^ f
STATIONS.
to
: 3
« * « 2. ~<*
lili |i
: 3: 3 a 3
I
re
Astoria. ..30. 28. 62 48 NW Clear .0
Baker .....30.10 60 50 NW Clear -. .0
Carson...; 30.00 6fi 46 N Clear- . .0
Eureka ..30.04 58 62 NW Clear " .0
Fresno... 29.84 86 56 NW Clear .0
Flagstaff 29.88 76 ... SW Clear - .0
Focatello, Idaho.. .29.?8 72 66 W Pt Cldy .0
Independence.. 29.78 78 '66 N Pt Cldy .0
Los Angeles. :... ...29.84 78 64. SW Clear .0
Phoenix.......; 29.64 100 72 NW Clear .0
Portland 30.20 6S 44 S Clear .0
Red Bluff.. 29.86 86 64 N . Clear .0
Roseburg 30.18 68 46 NB Clear' 1 .0
Bacramento 29.S4 ?4 60 NW Clear .0
Salt Lake ....29.S2 78 58 W Cloudy T
Ban Franclsco......29.92 70 54 W Clear .0-
San LulsObispo... 29.92 84 52 XV Clear .0
Ran Diego 29.86 70 62.W Clear .0
Seattle 30.28 70 60 NW Clear .02
Spokane ...30.20 58 54 SW Cloudy .24
NeahBay...... 30.00-., .. .. '
Walla Walla 30.20 60 64 S Cloudy .13
Wlnnemucca ..29.?6 66 44. N "Clear- T
Tumi, 29. 64 100. 70 W Clear .0
STATIONS.
to
: 3
« * « 2. ~<*
lili |i
: 3: 3 a 3
I
re
Astoria. ..30. 28. 62 48 NW Clear .0
Baker .....30.10 60 50 NW Clear -. .0
Carson...; 30.00 6fi 46 N Clear- . .0
Eureka ..30.04 58 62 NW Clear " .0
Fresno... 29.84 86 56 NW Clear .0
Flagstaff 29.88 76 ... SW Clear - .0
Focatello, Idaho.. .29.?8 72 66 W Pt Cldy .0
Independence.. 29.78 78 '66 N Pt Cldy .0
Los Angeles. :... ...29.84 78 64. SW Clear .0
Phoenix.......; 29.64 100 72 NW Clear .0
Portland 30.20 6S 44 S Clear .0
Red Bluff.. 29.86 86 64 N . Clear .0
Roseburg 30.18 68 46 NB Clear' 1 .0
Bacramento 29.S4 ?4 60 NW Clear .0
Salt Lake ....29.S2 78 58 W Cloudy T
Ban Franclsco......29.92 70 54 W Clear .0-
San LulsObispo... 29.92 84 52 XV Clear .0
Ran Diego 29.86 70 62.W Clear .0
Seattle 30.28 70 60 NW Clear .02
Spokane ...30.20 58 54 SW Cloudy .24
NeahBay...... 30.00-., .. .. '
Walla Walla 30.20 60 64 S Cloudy .13
Wlnnemucca ..29.?6 66 44. N "Clear- T
Tumi, 29. 64 100. 70 W Clear .0
Florist Co.
ARTISTIC FLORAL DESIGNS. .
Prices Reasonable .
107 POWELL S7.n»*ELUS 3SK5O56
MPSICAX INSTRUMENTS.
THE ZENO MAUVAIS MUSIC CO ~~
768 Market Et..
fr.»_ S* 1 * Francisco. CaL
TVe are going to celebrate our twenty-fifth
anniversary In & short time, and we aw go-
l^g to present to the public the finest line
cf planor that have ever been shown here.
We hr.vp on our floors a great many One in-
strument, ttat we are going to clear oa bo
arr&^ortiy? 0111 *" "* "^ th " « tS
«£SS, e ln * Rn . d le , 1 us enow y° u "»ese fine
p.anos and also let us tell you the price
u « *-on-t put prices in here because we <Se
felling these epecials eo close, but don't mlS
A p!a > NOS* ZA FOR fiNAP HUN TERE.
1 srood upright, $55; 1 better SS5
2 good grands. $175, $195
5 uprights. J135. $155. $18), $1M. $198.
Also Conover. Stelnway. Weber Vose Curt**
ORGANS™' PcaSe - St «*«4 : i«Ue use£ 8 :
1 6-stop. $39; 1 7-stop $44.
1 7-etop. $iS; 1 fine like new. $64.
Mason & Hamlln. very fine. $150
Eapy payments. BENJ CURTAZ * <?r»v
« O^arrcll st . OrtcteSJ A^ncy ??5
.4.000 sq. feet; largest and oldUt piano house.
A^ B y C V U elcSe O d f fo H r E a R^-S C te^wat
price allowed. New upright /lanos is nir !
month; eome good pianos sold *f or « Si and l
ct^I.?^" 1 ,- SHER MAN. CLAY* & CO.?
ftt 4» # aIe . rS ,- COrn€r Kear "y and Sutter
A^e h afe h n?s Sr^ES .«£«£&
$?<" n&££ "P: Stein way. $185 up; Fischer.
JlvG. Ch'.ckerine. $165; 29 others, rents J2«up-
great inducements to agents. 217 GeaYy^t
?£&&?*? 6oW by us t * kea ba <* any tlms
w?n yeSlrS and fuU P u "*»« Price al-
leged or a new peerless Knabe at regular
price, costs you only tOc a day to buy a piano
Jt^bl^gg 1^,: , CHASE - 3J °' F — "
r T A ££Hrf t S Ck -v EverPtt - Hardman. Packard.
h«r,£t' nd u c , thers: M factories rep-
resert«3: wholesale and retail. THE WILEY
v?;, A^. EN CO - 9 ™ Market st. fopp. Mason):
brsnch etore. Sol Broadway. Oakland.
A I T F- NTI( 2. K - PIANO BUYERS!
FChmer. Eyrpi, Mauzy. Gabler. Lester. Ham-
ilton anrt Krielman nianr-s to be had new
or.;y at RYRQy MAtrzrs. SOS. 510. 312 Post.
ANOTHER oleanlnK-out Fal» of storage pianos
71 rrir * : K 'rsfllments: no reserve.
mLPON'S STORAGE CO.. 170fi Market st.
STEIN-WAY. STOO: Tlartman «100: elecant new
r-.cr.os. ?l'O vn. T%'. C. Hamilton. 8 Flood bldg.
CHEAT bargain in fine upright grand piano;
owner riu?=t leave city. $04 Geary et.
FI.KGAXT ciar.o as= eood as new: etandard
make: a sacrir.oe. Hornung'a 21C McAJlister
AT KfXFFK'S, 22 Turk rt.. near Market-
Fhonir.cer. Sfhubcrt and Stein way bargains.
STS AND upward— Fine upright?. PIEKCE"n
riPTirt Fart^ry. Market. 14th and Church sts
LEFT on rale. i?r. mahopany r-ase Fischer up-
rlrht piano. Ronm *S. 217 Geary st.
A SPVV-IAL fnr thiF weck-S4C0 piano for $275.
fattpteaoc ?<^s pr^t
ITLEGANT new nprieht pUnos for rent. S3 per
rat). PrCTT-CTTRTAZ Piano Co.. BSO Hayes.
PTTKRIOR violins, ziihers. olrt and new. H.
MITI^T^KR. rnakpT-. repairer. 2 Latham place.
G<~>or> tiprlpht for eale cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister ft
A FIVE uprlcht piano fcr Eale cheap. S37
McAllister Et.
A WEEK'? newii for 5 oents— The Weeklv Call, j
15 nnees. In wrapper, for mslHrc; SI per year.
OFFICES AXD STORES TO LET.
— — i
DESK room or half of office for rent. IOCS J
Call building.
FTORE for rent— 934 Harrison et., suitable for I
I dressmaker or any light business: rent $8. I
_ OIL. '
OIL tanks, recond-band. In good order: all i
rttff: rheap. H. S. 'WTIITE. 518 Misiloa st |
PALMISTRY. ;
Chirologlcal College— Character reading, dlag- |
nosing, palmistry, chirology and graphology j
taught; diplomas Issued. Suite 451, Parrott big. I
MRS. LAMB, scientific palmist: head and face i
reading: lessons given. 617 Jones st. I
PHYSICIA>S AXD SURGEOXS.
DR. C. C. . O'D0NNELl>-Offlce and residence. !
VClhi Market 6t.. between Sixth and Seventh. I
DR. WONG HIM, herb doctor, successfully
treats all disease* of the human body: see
testimonials at office. 115-117 Mason, nr. Ellis.
A— DR. WONG WOO. herb doctor; sanitarium!
764-7C6 Clay St.: see testimonials at office.
PERSOXALS. ~^
IF your hair Is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE. 322 OTarrell st-, and
you will not be disappointed ; this remedy U
positively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts cf the world; call or send for circular, j
COMMERCIAL traveler going to Europe, well j
known in Germany, desires to represent any i
first-class line; commission or salary. Box (
£7. Call office. |
DO you write ads? Send address to-day on '
your business stationery for invaluable in- j
formation free. Harper Syndicate. Columbus, I
Ohio.
117 60— SOLID oak bedroom tct; plate mirror.
$1— Solid oak chair; factory price.
$2— Enamel beds, all sizes. Tel. Folsom 1328.
Searey's Credit House. 1429 Mission, nr. 10th.
ELECTRIC light Jn every room — Winchester i
Hotel. 44 Third St.. near Market; 700 rooms; j
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week; !
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry, j
$1 WEEKLY— Suits to order from genuine :
Scotch. H5 up; fine dress suits. $20 up; ele-
srant overcoats. $15 op. LEON LEMOS. 1117
Market Et.. between Seventh and Eighth.
A— THE Electric Needle Specialist. MRS. I.
BARRETT-WILSON. 1C23 Market st.. perma-
nently removes superfluous hair; free demon-
stration.
MAN of good, steady, sober habits, good posi-
tion, wishes to correspond with widow with
capital: object, matrimony. Box 7S, -Call, i
HONEST man wishes acquaintance with nice
girl or widow of means with view to early J
marriage. A. C. HANSEN. box 77, Carl office, j
WHITE enamel Iron beds single, three-quarter I
or double. 12 23. EASTERN OUTFITTING i
CO.. 1310-121* Stockton St.. near Broadway.
EMILY PETERSON: Write to your brother, '
Martin £tillman, care California Market, San j
Francisco. ;
LADIES — Get free trlsl Dlxon's Hair Remover;
permanent. S35 Market; sample mailed 25c.
OBESITY cured: no dieting; no weakening. THE
A* VIDA CO.. 736 Valencia st., bet. 18th and 19th.
DR. LAMOTTE'S French Corn Paint, the best
corn cure; 2Sc; all ATUgglsts.
ALFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to Its natural color: $1; at all druggists.
SUPERFLUOUS T-ilr aiid muica uestroyea with
electric needle. MISS EATON. 1119 Eutter st.
TAILOR-MADE suits. $7 50; dress pants, $2 50.
Misfit Clothing Parlor, cor. Bueh and Dupont.
OLD pold. silver, diamonds and precious stones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market st.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books. wi*s;
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt.
PLAMXG AXD TURXIXG MILLS.
WOOD end Ivory Turning. Planlncr. Shaping
and Sawing. CARL F. HAAS. 95 Fremont st.
REAL ESTATE — CITY — FOR SALE, j
A- M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market St..
¦* "¦¦¦- ' Opposite Kearny St., s .-
Real Eftate Agents.
$175.C00— Market et.. near Sixth: 60-foot front-
age; fine crick buildlnc; rents $755.
J100. 000— Corner; 27EX1S7:6; splendid Improve-
ments; Market St.; rents $361; fine building.
SS1.000— Sixth et. corner; 1»4 blocks from
Market St.; rents $225; fine building.
ST5.000— One-half block from the Orpheuni;
stores and lodging-houses; rent $260 net.
$42.000 — Sutter-et. corner, east of Jones st.;
S frontages; 3 stores and lodging-house; £0 feet
front.
J40.CC0— Sansome-st. corner; let 70x120 feet;
r«nts about $250; want offer.
$40.000— Devlsadero-st. business corner; two
storee and eeven flats; rents $305.
$37,500— Ellis Bt., close to Taylor; new build-
Ing; one tenant; leased with security; annual
rents about I2i(i(j.
£25.000— Mission et.. near. Fourth; fine brick
building:; one tenant; rent $250.
K4.OC0— Cash invested In rtal estate vicinity
Alhambra Theater; will pay 12 per cent net;
rents $330: one tenant.
$17.500— Main st., near. Mission; cheapest buy
In this choice district.
tlS.OOft— New Padfic-tve. flat*; unobstructed
marine view; 30 ft. frontage; rents $145.
$16.000— Sansome-et. corner; wholesale dis-
trict: 25 feet frontage; rents $110. „
tTSOO — Four new flats; rents $72; ben ton dis-
trict; residence within 130 feet just sold for
$12,500.
JcSOO— Corner; S.W. cor. . Vallejo tad Pierce
fls.; 45x112; cheapest corner lot on Paciflo
Heights. .
$4^*0 — Two flatB, only one-half block from
Market et.; rents $40; coet $7500.
$3500— A rare buy; *-room house and lot, one
block from Market and Fifth sts.
/ A. M. SPECK & CO., •
¦ . ¦ - . fo>7 Market st.
HOUEE No. 240S Mission St., near 20th. for sale;
to be removed. Apply 12s Chattanooga st.
REAL, ESTATE — CITY^-FOR SALE.
TWO choice sunny corners; Just th« location
lor flats that never will be vacant: will pay
big interest; surrounded with nice homes and
very desirable: Union and Pierce sts., north-
west corner, 37:6x110; street work done; ba-
salt blocks; stone pavement; suitable for 6
flats; J3759.
Pierce and Filbert sts., north of Union; 36i
82:6: street work done: Filbert is bltumenlzed ;
4 flats can be built; $2350.
Both these corners are easy of access by the
Lnlon-st. cable cars and any one wanting to
Increase their Income will buy these lots.
W.« J. GUNN. 63ft, California st.
OWNERS of property or lots north of Vallejo
and west of Hyde as far as Presidio and In
Richmond, north of Park, and Mission and
Horner"s Addition, who want to sell, call on
W. J. GUNN. 530 California St.. B. F. Sav-
ings Union building. -
OWNERS of property on Valencia, Guerrero
or Mission sts. who wish to sell-call on W.
J. GUNN. 630 California .et. =
SIX, seven and eight room cottages; also two
flat houses In block between 17th, ISth, Castro
and Nee sts. : H cash, balance monthly pay-
ments: Castro or Guerrero-st. cars. F. NKL-
6ON. builder.
IF you want to sell your real estate, city or
country, brlnff It to
THE PHELPS-LEWIS CO..
708 Market st.. S. F.
] BUSH, 1225— Nice large residence; could be turned
I Into flats; very sunny; 30x137:6; call and see.
! REAL ESTATE COUNTRY — For Sale
SPECIAL bargain— 160 acres land, near Tuba
City. Sutter County, short distance from
Marysville: all rich valley land under culti-
vation; good buildings and well watered and
fenced; this land will be eold In whole or In
part at. a very low price; also 140 acres, all
under cultivation; rich valley land; good
buildinps; well fenced; short distance from
Tuba City. Sutter County; will be sold In
whole or In part to suit purchaser, and at an
extremely low price. The two above pieces
are situated in the heart of the fruit grow-
ing district of Northern California and should
be eeen to be appreciated. If contemplating;
purchasers will address. box 4980, Call office,
for information a bargain will be given.
FOR SALE XEAR SAN FRANCISCO
Small tracts. $60 to $90 per acre, on RancHo
Cotatl. Sonoma Co.: future value assured, as
Ban Francisco Is prowing rapidly: location
best for poultry and general farming. Apply
to The Cotatl Co.. 302 California St., for pam-
phlets er Information.
POULTRY and dairy ranches for 6ale: write for
free list. C. R. WIITFIELP. Petaluma. Cal.
'ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
KARGAINP; Improved & unimproved property
. ncquhed by foreclosure: U cash. Bank of Ala.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS'
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND^ REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL BARGAINS'.
REAL SNAPS.
Call and See These Fine New Houses.
JSI50— New home of 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
Just completed: close In town.'
J4000— New house of 8 rooms and bath; must be
cold: fine location.
t«5C0 — New house 8 rooms and bath; on a fine
residence street.
Also r number of new homes In course of con-
ttruction.
A. J. ENYDER,
467 Ninth Et.. Oakland.
J5W CASH, $S 50 monthly: 5-room cottage and
high basement, water in house, barn, shed,
fine nursery adjoining; lot 62x340 feet; fine for
chicken run; half block to electric car line
I and 2 blocks from a wide boulevard and fine
J public school; grand view; well sheltered and
j level: fronting on main county road; adjoln-
! ing East Oakland: price all told, $1600. call
j or send for circular. 435 Seventh St., opposite
I Broadway station. Oakland; carriage free.
H. Z. JONES, Land Owner.
j $1SOO— IN Piedmont; modern Eastlake cottage
! of 5 large rooms; 2 bay windows, bath, laun-
j dry. high basement; lot 50x110 feet; sunny
side; elevated ground: choice location; right
j near the cars: will be sold on monthly p^y-
i ments if desired.
| GEO. W. AUSTIN & CO..
i Exclusive Agents for thi3 Property.
i 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
I A BEA.RING fruit ranch; must be a bargain;
1 buildings no object: no trlflers. Send price
I and description to box 2304, Call office, .Oak-
j land. .
j HOUSES of every description and price for
sale or rent. Apply to W. E. BARNARD,
[ HIS Broadway: telephone Main 10. ' •
OAKLAND FimyiTCREFOR SALE.
AN introduction to you from H. Schellhaas. tha
furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
ROOMS^ FOR HJOIJSEKEEPIXG^^
BRYANT, 1101, cor. 9th— 2 or 3 front furnished
rooms; complete for housekeeping; cheap.
CASTRO, 429. near Seventeenth — 2 private
. housekeeping: furnished complete; lawn;
j flowers; no children. '
I ESSEX, 12 (Rincon Hill)— Large sunny room
! for 2 gentlemen; also housekeeping rooms. -.
j FIFTH, 353 — Double parlors, kitchen, bath, fur-
| niched, $20; also other housekpg.; two, $12.
j FOUP.TEENTH, 216— Large, sunny front room
and kitchen, furnished for housekeeping.
GEART. 569 — Neatly furnished housekeeping
rooms; baf.i on floor.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 409— Alcove and kitchen
complete; furnished; adults only.
GOUGH. 115 — Sunny, handsome parlor; modern:
I mante^ grate; gas range; phone; bath; S15.
i MCALLISTER, 749— Front suite, four . con-
j ntcting or less; $12 to $18; modern; phone.
• XINTH, 113 — Two sunny housekeeping rooms;
running water and bath; reasonable.
OAK, 119— Two sunny parlors, furnished for
housekeeping; yard, range, gas, 2 beds; $16.
O'FARRELL. 917— Three nice unfurnished
housekeeping rooms and bath and use of
laundry-
! POLK. 1002—3 and 5 room suites, completely
j furnished for housekeepine; cheap; reference.
I SILVER. 165. near Fourth— 2 cheap furnished
I rooms for housekeeping.
I SOLAR FLATS. 525 Turk— Fine; new; Chicago
I style; 1 to 5 room suites for housekeeping;
i unfurn. and furnished; electricity;' Janitor.
I TENTH. 123. near Market— Single bedroom and
j kitchen, furnished complete. $6.
I ROOMS TO LET — Furn. and Unfarn.
j AHLBORX HOTEL, 321 Grant ave.— Best *1 a
day family hotel in city; polite attendance;
large rooms, 50c up; meals, 25c; free coach.
A-BRUNSWICK HOUSE. 14S Sixth— Rooms,
2&c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week and
light housekeeping rooms; open all, night.
AT Shasta House, 246 Third — 200 rooms; newly
renovated; 25c to 75c. $1 to $3 week.
BACHELOR Hotel. 18 Mason St.— 100 newly fur-
trished rooms, $1 B0 per week up; elevator.,
electric lights In every room, return call bells;
first-class; quiet; central.
BURNETT. 1426 Market (old No. 1864)— Fur-
nlEhed rms., suites, single; also unfurnished.
CLIFFORD, 204 Ellis, corner Mason— Elegantly
furnished sunny rooms; prices reasonable.
EDDT, £26— House Just being furnished; ele-
gant apartments and rooms, Si to $20.
EIGHTH, 126B— 2 pleasant front rooms, it
each: top floor.
ELLIS, 633, cor. Larkln— Front room for I,
$13; for 2, $9; bedroom.
ELLIS, 825— Single and double room; furnished;
bath ; gas : reasonable. ...
FELL, 26 — 3 partly furnished rooms; running
water; sunny.
FOLSOM, 776>£— Neatly furnished bay-window
room: every convenience: reasonable.
FOLSOM, 834— $1 10 week— Large sunny rur-
nlehed room; cloeet; bath. Call by 8 p. m.
GEARY. 405, The Navarre— Elegantly furnished
suites and single; travelers accommodated.
GEARY. 818A— Nice front- bay-window room
with bath, suitable for two gentlemen.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1130, lower flat— Fur-
nished back parlor: also another room..
HARRISON. 784H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlshed rooms; bath; all conveniences; home-
like; $1 week up.
HOTEL ST. DENIS (European plan). 24 Turk
ct.. near Market — Central location; new build-
ing, elegantly furnished; strictly first-class;
tCc per day and upward; special rates by the
week or month; best In the city; references;
take Market-Bt. cable cars to Turk «t.
JESSIE. 363, near Fifth and Market— Furnished
.rooms, $4. J5 per month: housekeeping, $9. -
JESSIE, 433— Nice sunny furnished front rooms
to let. - . - --
LAGUNA, 1123, facing Jefferson square — 2 sun-
ny rooms and board ; gentlemen ; private.
LEAVENWOP.TH. 218— Nicely furnished sunny
parlor; running water; grate; other rooms;
no children.
MARKET. 1015 (New Arlington)— Nicely fur-
nlshed rooms, $2 a week up; 35c a day up. -
MARKET. ¦ 1055— Upstairs furnished rooms; for
transient: for travelers: baths. ..
MARTINET. 1101 Geary, one door above Van
Nets- Suites new fur.; single rooms, $10 up.
RAILWAY TSAVEL.
Saiita Fe Trains
Leave Market-street Ferry Depot.
I^ocal Llm'd Ovrl'd Local
Dally • Dally Dally
Lv. San Fran 7:20 a 9:90 a 8:00 p 4:2ft p"
Ar. Stockton. 10:18 a 11:45 a 11:10 p 7:18 p
" Merced... 12:22 p 1:17 p 1:19 a 9:11 p
" Fresno 2:05 p 2:35 p 3:05 a 10:50 p
"' Hanford.. 3:12 p 3:27 p '7:06 a
"-Visalia... 3:40 p ........ 4:48 a
"Bakrsfield 6:15 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
"Kan City.. 2:40 a 7:30 a ........
" Chicago.. .... 2:1S p 9:00 p
. a for mornlns. p for afternoon.
•9 a. m. train Is the California .. Lim-
ited, leavlnjr Monday and Thursday on'y.
carrying Palace Sleeping Cars and Dintnjj
Cars through 1 to Chicago. Chair. Car run*
to Eakersfleld for accommodation of local
first-class 1 passengers. No .• second-class
.tickets honored on this train. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 5:55 p. m.- Tuesday and
Friday. • . ¦ • • • ¦ • ¦
'• 4:20 p. m. Is Stockton and Fresno local.
' Corresponding train arrives at 12:30 p. m.
daily. - - . ......
• 8:00 p. m. Is the Overland Express with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
Free Reclining: Chair Cars to Chicago: also
Palace Sleeper, which cuts out at Fresno.
Correspond ins train arrives at 5:35 p. m.
dally. - " - ¦ "
."7:20 a. m. Is BakersHeld Local, stopping at
all points In San Joaquin Valley. - Corre-
spondlntr train arrives at 8:40 a. m. dally.
'- Offices— 641 • Market street • and In Ferry
Depot. San Francisco: 1112 Broadway. Oak-
land ' - '
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
, .: - vu 8a*»Uta Wmj—tom, et Mu\n St.
tfavc bah man." . ; »«mvi san nua.
130 A. M. mnvv n * vs ( 3:35 r - *•
8:00*. M.V f 12:15 P. M.
9HOA.U. ;¦¦:£ 1:15 F. M.
10rf»A.M. I BnNDATS "830 P.M.
ISOp. M. 5:50 r.M.
240P.U.J -I7iiop.il.*
Pare. Saa PraMtM* tt Bratatt ana Catarn. $1.4« ._
Ticket Offices. 621 Market St.. STSausalito Ferry,;
GREAT NORTHERN RAILWAY.
COOL AND DUSTLESS. -. .
Dally Palace and Tourist Sleepers.
Dining Car. Meals & la Cart*/
"-C "Library Observation Car. ..
REDUCED' ROUiND TRIP BATES TO
EASTERN POINTS.- /.
E. S. BLAIR. Gen. AsL. 633 Market st.
AUCTION SALES
*v^ At auction I will sell 1 car of choice
A"-~ all-purposed Horses. 1 handsome spotted
saddle- horse, 1 span fine mules, also large as-
sortment of wagons, buggies and harness, at -
1140 Folsom St.. Tuesday, September 3. 11 a. m.
..- •¦ S.' WATKINS. Auctioneer.
BAH, WAY TEAVEI*.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
1r»tnu l«»f« unit nr« <lra« to nrrli* at
MAN ntANt'MCtt.
(Main Line, f oo: of Market Street) ' ' ;'" - -
fc«ATB — From JCT.T li. 13QL _, A BRIT»
7:00* Benicia. Sulaaa, Ehslxm and Sacra-
mento «:8.Tr
?:OOa VaciTllle, Winters. Knmsey ?i33r
7t3UA MarUuoz.SauUaoiou.VaUsJo.NApa>
. Caliatoja aad Santa llosa 0:23p
StOO* D»Tia, Woodland. KnignU Landing;
M»rjg»!Hs. Ororilie.. 7«3*r
8:00* A Mantle Kxpresa— Ogdeu aad East 12:25?
»i«ioa Nllea. Lathrop. Stockton 7»3.1»
SiOOaKUss. Mendota. Hanlord. Visalia
Portsrrllle «tOS»
•<3»A BhuU Express— Davis, Williams (tat
Bartlett SpricgsX Willow*. Bad
Blufl. Portland.. 7i83»
a**** San Joaa. Llfermora. Stockton.
Ioua. Sacramento. Placecrill*, ¦". "
M » ryuUle. Chico. Had ISlu IT 4 1«3»
•i?«a Oakdale, Chinese (Yosemite). So>
aora. Carters 4:33p
. 0:«Oa Haywazd, Kilns and Wai Stations.. Hi.13*,
•iOOa Vallejo l»>23y
•i0Oa Los Angeles Expresi — Martinez.
Traoj. Latbrop. Stockton. Merced
Fresno and Los Angeles •• 7t2Sj
»ill»* Vallejo. Martinez aud Way Statloas YtSSr
l*iWU* The Overland Limited— Ogdoa. Dea-
i »er, Omaha, Chicago SiBSt"
fliOSp Sacramento UUer S:o*iuer«. ........ t3t*)«.i
¦iSOp Hay ward. NUes and Wu Stations.. ?:33r
#iO»r Bsnlcla. Wlntere, Sacramento,
Woodland. KnlghU Landlug.
M.ryiTille. OroTiUa 10:33*
«i««r Martinez. Ban lUmo.i. Vallsjo,
Napa, OalUtoKa. Baiita Ko» Wi33a.
««»«r Nllea, LlTermoro. Stockton. Lodl... i2>zSr
4:Sor Hsyward, Mies, 8ao Jose. LiTermoro t9:33«
AiSOp Port Costa, Tracy. Lathrop. Stocktoa 1 0:23*
•mw*Tha Otrl Limited— freaoo. Tulare,
~ - BakeraOeld. Hangna for Sauta. Bar*
bara. Los Angeles. Hi33*
•«••* Martinez. Antioch, Stockton. Mer-
ced, Fresno. 13i33>
•HJ«f Toeemtto I2i33»
8t3 a r New Orleans Express— Mondota,
Fresno. Baken&ela, Los Angeles,
Demlog. El Paso, New Orleans '
and East 7i«3»
•••Or Bay ward. Nilas ud S*a Joss.......* 7i33&
t*«OOr Yafc.Jo UiS34
• tOur Oriental Mall— Ogflen. Cbeyenna.
Omaha. Chicago 13«33r
•tOOr Oriental Mall — Ogdeo, Denver. ' -
8t Lon!s. Chicago. «tS9»
t«««F Oregon and CalUoruia UxpreM.Ht*
rameiitu. Maryi?ll!«, Redding,
Portlami. Pn«*t bound aud Kaak Bi93a
•i«9i>8an Pablo. Port Coat*. Martin**
and Way Stations alias*
|»»O3r Vallejo 7t83y
COAST LINE (Xarroir Una?*).
(Foot of Miirlc«> Str««t.)
t?>43* Banta. Cms Excursion to Santa, Cnu
and Principal Way Station* JS «O3 w
•sl8AN0wark,Ceuterflll0,8>nJo<e,E>lton,
Boulder Crsek.Sau ta Cruz and Way
Stations..... 8i30»
t*»l»» Newark. Ceutervllla. San Joie. New
Alxnaden. Felton, Nnnlder Croek,
Banta . Cnu and Principal W*y
Stations I»i3»* -
CilSr Newark, Ban Jose, Los Gatos tS:»»i
«<t!3f 01enwood.Bonlder Creek. 8anUCrn» «g»3Q*. i
OAKLAND HARBOR FERRY,
rrta S1I laiaClSOO— foov of Harkit Strxt (SUp 8)—
17:1ft 8:00 11:00*. a. 1:S3 3:33 5:13r.x.
rriaOUUSD— f««l •tBriid*./.— t«:UO t3;00 13.C1
10:00*.M. 12:00 8:C3 4:03 r.M.
COAST LINE < Broail flange).
(Third wnd Townseml Sta.) . > .;
" 6i I « a Sao Jose and Way HUtioaa.. ........ «i»Oa
t7:«O* flan Jose and Way Stations......... ttHiir
/7i»o* New Aluiadtiu / «tlO»
f7l*O« Sunday Excursion for Saa Jcs*.
1 Santa Cruz. Psciflo Grove and ' -.
Principal Way SUtions J3i3O»
ti«O* Han 2-mb. Hotlwter. Hauta Cms. -
Pacllio Grata, tiallnas, 8a> Lid* '
Obispo. Saota Barbara and Pria-
«ipat tiitermedUte Hutlnoa ,. TiSAr
IOiSO* Sao Jcae aud Way SUtlona.. ....... •tSO»
1 l-.IiO* Hau Joaa anil Way SUMoua Bi3O»
tSi-tfty 8an Mateo. Uedwood. M^nio Park,
Pain Alto. Santa Clara, Sun .Jose.
. BolHster. 8auta Cruz. Salinaa,
Monterey and 1'mclllo Orori tlOi-13*
a»»Or San Joaew Trea Plnos. Santa Cnu.
Paciflo QroTe and Way Station* 4:1O»
MilSr Sao Jsieand Principal Way ytationa W:-I3*
iSiOOrSan Jose. Los Gatos and Principal
Way Stations «D«OO*
3:3Or> » an Joaa and Principal Way .Station! 8:26*
•¦OOP Redwood, Han Joeo, Gilroy. Salinas,
Sauta Barbara, Loa Angeles...... lOtttS*
Q:.tOr San Jose aud Way stations t MsMO *
•ll>45p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30r
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
t Sunday exceptod. . J .Ouiidxy only.
• Saturday only. « Monday.
j eaturday aBi Enndax. J and Frduja,
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO..
LSSSSE
SAN FRANGiSGO AND NORTH PACIFIC
- RAILV/AY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry, of Market SC .
San Frar:-i»jo tj i>ai 1.3m.. :*f
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. U:C0 a. ra.; 12:33.
3:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. ra. Saturdays— Extra trips at !:.*>
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS- 8:00. »:30. 11:00 a. ra.; 1:30, SJ0.
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
fcj»n Raia;l 10 San Francisco.
WEEK DATS-€:10, 7:50. ?:2P, U:10 a. m.; 12:43.
3:40, 5:15 p. m. Saturdays— Estra trips at 1:45
and 6.35 p. m.
EUImDAYS- S:10. 9:40. 11:10 a. ra.; 1:40. 3:40.'
5:05, 6:25 p. m.
Leave I In Effect T Arrive ,^'
San Francisco. [April 2S. 1901.1 San Francisco.
Week I Sun- j | Sun- I Wee It
Days. I daj-s. f Destination. . days. I Days.
7:30 am] 8:00 am Xovato, (13:40 am 8.40 am
3:S0 pm) 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pro 10:25 am
5:10 pm, 5:00 pm! Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm 6:20 pm
Fulton.
T:20 am Windsor. 10:23 am "
5:00 pm Healdsburs. 10:40 am z'l^Jt
Geyserville,
J;30 pm 8:00 am] Clovertlale. 7:33 pmf 6:20 pm
7:30 ami 5:u0 pm i Hopland j 10:<0 am[10:2a am
3:CO pmi 8:C0 am] and Ukiah. I 7:35 prnl 6:20 pm
7:30 am! 110:40 am[10:25 am
I S:00 am Gucrnevllle.i 7:35 pm)
'• 8:30 pm! 5:00 pm I I 6:20 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am - Sonoma I 9:15 aznt S:40 am
and 1^1
; 5:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen, f 6:05 pmf 6:20 pm ¦¦'
7:30 ami 8:C0 ami |M:40 am|10:23 am
3:"A pmf 5:00 prnf Sebaatopol. I 7:35 pnil 6:20 pm
Stcsres connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and .White SulDhur Springs; at Fulton
for AKruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Sprlnjrs: at Cloverdala .
for "the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan
Springs, Kiehland Sprlnes. Kelseyvllle. Carls-
bad Sprlnes. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs: at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley.
John Day's. Riverside. Lterley*a. BuckneH's. -
Sanhedrin Heights. .Hullvllle. Orr's Hot
Springs. Mendoclno City. Fort Brassr. West-
port. tTsal. - Wllllts. Laytonvllle Cummins.
Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsen's. Dyer. ScotU
and Eureka. ¦ •". •: "
Saturday to Monday round-trip ticket* at re-
duced ratea.
On Sundays rocnd-trlp tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael, at half rates.
Ticket office. 650 Market street. Chronic!*
buildins. : '__
" M. C WHITING. R. X. RTAT*.
Gen. Manuaser. Gen. Pass. Aft.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
- * ¦ Commencing April 28, 1901. "
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. •
WEEK DAYS-6:55. 8:30. »9:30, 11:00 a. m.
12:45. 1:45. 3:13. 4:15; 5:15. *t:tt. «:45 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael on Mondays, Wednesdays. Saturdays '
and Sundays at 9:30 and 11:40 p. m. .. <
SUNDAYS-7:00. 8:00. *9:00. »10:00, 11:00. M:»
a. ra.. 12:45. »l:30. 2:30, »3:45. 5:00. 8:00. 7:33
p. q. 11:00 a. m. does sot run to San Rafael
Sundays. .
¦ Trains marked (*) run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— *5:2S. 6:27. 7:47. 8:35, 1015
a. m.. 12:25. 1:15. 2:20. •3:35. 4:40. 5:30 p. ra. \
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:15. •8:00. 9:45. 11:00 a. ra.. 13
ra., 1:00. 2:15. »3:30. 4:30, '5:45. 6:45. 7:30. 10:10
p. m.
Trains marked <*) start from San Quentln •
FROM MILL VAIXET TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45. 7:55. 8:55. 10:30
a. m.. 12:35. 1:45. 2:45. 3:50. 5:10. 5:20 p. ra.
¦ EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 6:35. 8:00. 10:05. 11:15 a. ra.. 12:15.
1:20. 2:30 3:45. 6:00. 6:15. 7:15. 10:30 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
6:54 a. ra. week days— Cazadero and way sta*
tlOES. •
3:15 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions.
6:15 p. m. week days (Saturdays «xcepted>—
Tomales and ¦way stations. -- .-;.. •
. 8:00 a. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way sta-
tions. '
10 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes and way sta-
tlonn. •- ¦ ¦ '* — -•-..¦.
y^"^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A «a»tetJI * 629 KEABXT ST. Established
B * I I 834 for the- trsatmf nt of Private
Is iJ J Diseases, Lost Mantiood. Debility or
H S wwjldisfase wearingon body and mini} and
5S R*K?f|F«^ !jlQ Diseases. Tbe Doctor cures when
r^£?S i '*?i^] otlier3 a ''- Try b ira - t'harges low.
. cSErSSBsiSSt-'iir^wsruaranto^d. Ca]] or write
»r. Jt. JP. «nn?M>:Sf. Smi Fraocisco. Cal. .. .±:
Weekly Call,$1.00 per Year
ROOMS TO LET— Fnrn. and Unfarn.
MARKET. 1802— Modern house: furniture new;
ga.e grates; running; water; all outslda rooms;
gentlemen preferred; references.. - . , ¦;¦ .
MASON, 107— Nicely furnished rooms,' en suite
- or single ; |1 60 per . week up.
MINNA. 66t, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
OCTAVIA. ' 1403, cor. Geary— SE. cor. for 2,
Welabach; for 1. $9; for 2, $1L
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunny furnished rooms and
of flees; elevator; elec. lights; day, week, mo.
O'FARRELL, S32— Elegantly furnished sunny
rooms, en eulte and single; ?10 up; bath; ref.
O'FARRELL, 776— Large -sunny bay-window
parlor; also large double room.
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladles* par-
lor; rooms, per night, 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $20; elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water; baths.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or unfurnished. v .
STOCKTON. 332— Nice sunny clean suites and
single rms.; run. water; bajhs; phone; cheap.
SUTTER, 309— Changed hands; - rooms from
tl 60 up per week. . . •
TAYLOR. 238— Elesantly furnished rooms:
house Just opened; fine suite, $25; everything
new. ,
THE BERLIN. 238 Kearny— Elegant suites;
Single rooms; running water; transient.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
received at Call branch office. 2200 Flllmore St.
ROOMS AND BOARD. >,
GIVE us, a chance to make you a comfortable
and -cheerful home (room and board In Amer-
ican family) at Swarthmore Hall, 570 Harri-
son st.. Rincon Hill, near business center, for
J3, $3 50. $4. ?5 per week; latter price for fine
sunny front room for man and wife or two
ladles; rooms without board $1 per week up.
: Call at once. - . ' .
California, 807— Stevenson mansion; select fam-
ily hotel; exceptional table; attractive rooms.
HOTEL Repelier. 781 Sutter— Newly furnished-
excellent table; special rates to tourists.
VAN NESS, 619— Handsome furnished parlors,
all conv., sunny suites; best table board.
THE Crocker, 915 Leavenworth— Fine sunny
rooms, single and en suite; beautiful grounds.
SEWIXG MACHINES A\D SUPPLIES.^
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged; re-
palrlng; lowest rates. Tel. Black 1124, 205 4th.
ALL kinds bought, sold rented, exchanged; re-
pairing; lowest rates;phone Mint 45. 145 Sixth.
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city, or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.. rooms 9-10. tel. 5580.
DISEASES and ailments of men treated; con-
sultation free. American Dispensary. 514 Pine.
STOKAGE AND WAREHOUSES.
PIERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Post and Powell sts.; tel. Main 5713.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse, 840 Mi«-
slon St.; tel. Howard 941. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission st.;
tel. Main 1S40; shipping at cut rat.es. -
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany. 2320 Fillmore st: phone Jackson 2S1.
r RITERS AND SUPPLIES?"
GREAT BARGAINS IN TVPEWRITERS^We
eell better machines for foss money than any
house In the city; rentals, $3. , The Typawriter
Exchange. 636 California; telephone Main 266.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes.* at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg' y.
HARTFORD typewriters; new. $60; anti-trust •
all makes: used machines $10 up. 209 Sansome.
DTVIDEXD~~?fOTICESl
DIVIDEND Notice.— The Giant Powder Com-
pany. Con.— A dividend, No. 33, of seventy-
five cents (75c) per share on the issued capital
I Btock of the company has been declared pay-
| able at the office of the company, 435 Califor-
nia st.. Ban Francisco, on September 10, 1901.
Tr r £ n T 6 . f<^ S2° ks close Se P l - 3. 1901, at noon.
JULIAN SONNTAG. Secretary pro tern.
NOTICE to architects— Office of~Directors~of
*eterans" Home, room 13. No. 320 Sansome
St., San Francisco, Cal.. August 13, 1901.— To
Architects: Under an act entitled "An act to
provide for the erection of a modern hospital
building for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville, Napa County. State of California,
and appropriating money therefor," approved
March 26, 1901 (Statutes 1901, page 823) the
Board of Directors of the Veterans' Home of
California hereby invites and advertises for
¦ plans and specifications in details for the
erection and construction of a modern hos-
• pital for the Veterans' Home, located at
Yountville. Napa County, in the State o£
California. Said hospital shall be erected on
the grounds of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, at Yountville. Napa County, In this
State, on the part of said grounds set apart
for such purpose by the said Board of Di-
rectors, to wit. In the open field or lot north
of the present hospital bonding. The amount
to be expended in the erection and construc-
tion of said hospital, including the payment
for the necessary plans therefor, and all nec-
essary expenses therefor, shall not exceed
the sum of twenty-five thousand ! dollars
.($25,000), as provided by said act above en-
titled, which said act, and the whole there-
of, is hereby referred' to and made a part
cf this notice, the same as If written at
length herein. Drawings— Drawings shall b«
of the usual working scale; drawings In black
and white. Architects competing are further
referred to the site for the erection of said
building, as hereinbefore referred to. Com-
pensation— The architect whose plans shall be
chosen shall receive a commission or premium
as, architect, to be paid for his services, an
compensation, as follows, that is to say, he
shall receive the sum of five hundred dollars
($i;00) for plans, specifications and working
details, the architect not to. supervise the
construction of the building. The plans,
specifications and details ultimately to be
prepared shall, conform to ail legal require-
ments of buildings of- the character above
described. The plans and specifications
herein referred to must be delivered to the
Board of Directors, or the secretary thereof,
at the office of the Veterans' Home of Cali-
fornia, room 13, 320 Sansome st.. San Fran-
cisco, Cal.. on or before 12 o'clock noon, on
the seventeenth day of September, 1901. For
further information competing architects are
hereby referred to the said secretary at said
room 13, 320 Sansome St., San Francisco,
Cal. The said Board of Directors reserve the
right to reject any and all plans and specifi-
cations submitted. By order of the Board of
Directors of the Veterans' Home of Califor-
nia. Dated this 10th day of August, 1901. .
SAMUEL W. BACKUS. President.
J. J. SCOVILLE. Secretary. ¦
PROPOSALS for clothing and equipage, depot
quartermaster's office, 36 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, Cal., August 31 1901
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be received
at this office until 10 o'clock a. m. Tuesday,
September 17, 1901, Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing D. B. cloth, rus-
set calfskin shoes, hat cords, white muslin
shirts, linen collars, Berlin gloves, brown cot-
ton stockings, waist belts and trumpet cords
Quantities to be subject to 20 per cent increase
if desired by this department. Bids will . be
opened for the delivery of the same articles
at either the Sap Francisco, Boston, Chicago
-and Philadelphia depots. To avoid misunder-
standing as to the exact'nature of the articles
to be furnished bidders will carefully examine
the standard samples and specifications, so
that proposals may befsubmitted by them
with a full knowledge of . what will be re-
quired, as an absolute compliance with the
standards and specifications will be Insisted
upon in the Inspection of the goods. Unguar-
anteed bids and bids upon samples differing
. from standards and specifications will under
no circumstances be entertained. Proposals
for less quantities than advertised for will be
•ntertained. Bids for delivery or inspection
at other points than those named above will
not be considered. Early deliveries are essen-
tial. Bidders must state In their proposals
the rate and time of delivery should contract
be awarded to them. The articles advertised
for are the same for which bids will b» open-
ed at the other depots.' Preference will be
given to articles of domestic production and
manufacture, conditions of price ¦ and quality
being equal (Including in the price" of foreign
production and manufacture the duty there-
on), and such preference will be given to arti-
cles of American production and manufacture
produced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent
of the .consumption required by the public
service there. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on application
Envelopes containing proposals will be In-
dorsed "Proposals No. 7998," and addressed to
Major OSCAR F. LONG, Quartermaster, U.
S. Army, Depot Quartermaster.
LEGAL ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXTENSION Of protest— Captain M. C. Holdt
-master of the Hamburg ship "Vasco da
Gama" (R. I. Q. S.), will extend his protest
on Wednesday. September 4. 1901, at 1030
o'clock a. m.. at the office of the Imperial
German Consulate in this city. 318 Sacramento
street. : . • ROSENTHAL. ,
Imperial German Consul General.
San Francisco. August 30. 1901. -'
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS. ¦
Birth, marriage and death notices -sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
In at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published..
V BOBN.
CASSIDY— In this city, July 23, 1901, to the
wife of Joseph P, Cassidy, a daughter. . •
CELLIER— In this city, September 1,-1901, to
/; the wife of Alfred ¦ Cellier, a* ton. -'.^¦" \ :' -
LA FOND— In this city, to the wife' of Frank
J. La Fond, a son." ~. • . • ¦¦•¦• • .
WATSON— In this city, September 2, 1901, to
¦ the wife of John C. Watson,. a daughter..- -¦
DIED.. ¦
Burtchaell, Jessie E.'- . Kircher, Anna M. .* :
' Commerford, Michael Laws, George - H.
Corbett, Fred W. \ Llndenbaum, Philip'
Coughlan, Hanora -Montgomery, John J.
Dunham, ¦¦ Herriett A. Nelson, Annie
Edwards; Everett J.' Potts,- Thomas
Ellas, Jenny - - ;. Remington, Edward C
Erickson. Carl 0. - Howan, William G.
Everson, Evelyn ¦' Savage, James J. ! .'"
George, Henry C. Schiff, De Gustav ' >¦
Hall.' Charlotte ¦ /Swift, George H."
Jacoby, Jaccb
BURTCHAELL— In San Rafael. Cal.-. Septem-
ber 1, 1901, Jessie E. Burtchaell. beloved wife
of-P. T. Burtchaell:. 2
E^funeral services will be .held to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at the residence of
her mother, Mrs. Firflayson, 302 First, street,
Ban Rafael. . Interment private. ¦
COMMERFORD— In this city, September 1,'
1901, Michael F., beloved son of Catherine
Commerford and j the late Patrick Commer-
| ford, and brother - of - Mollle A., John J.,
James A. and Jeremiah L. Commerford, a
native of. San Francisco, aged 26 years. -, .
(CTFrlends- and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from his late
residence, ¦ 1331*4 California street, thence to
St. Mary's Cathedral, on Van Ness avenue,
between O'Farrell- and Geary . streets, ; where
a solemn requiem high mass will ; be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commen-
- cing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. . . - . _' . ; " ,-¦-;- - '
SAN FRANCISCO Council No. 7,c Toting
Men's Institute.— Members are hereby noti-
fied to : meet at 1331^4 . Calif ornia street, to-
morrow (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, Michael F. Commerford. By order
of , S. A. WHITE. President.
GEO. M. KELLY. Secretary.
CORBETT— In this city, September . 1, 1901,
Fred W. Corbett, dearly beloved son of Ella
ar.d the late William Corbett. a native of
San Francisco, aged 26 years. - ¦
E^Friends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully i invited to attend the | funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from N. S. G. W.
5 Hall, 414 Mason street, where the services
win be held under the auspices of Pacific
Parlor No. 10, N. S. G. W. .Remains at the
parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
H1H Cemetery.
COUGHLAN— In this city, September 2, 1901.
Hanora Coughlan, beloved wife of the" late
John Coughlan, a native of the parish of Klll-
rickle. County Galway, Ireland, aged 95
years. ' . . • . ' - .
EyRemalns at the parlors of Carew &
English, 29 Van Ness avenue. Notice of fun-
eral hereafter.
DUNHAM— In this city! September 1, 1901,
Herriett Amanda Dunham, dearly beloved
mother of Mrs. Jenny F. Hill and Melvina
and Orley-Wyatt Dunham, a native of Ver-
mont, aged 74 years and 27 days.
Cy Friends are 'respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-day (Tuesday), at
10 o'clock, from the parlors of H. F. Suhr
&. Co., 1137 Mission street: . between Seventh
and Eighth. Please omit flowers.. .
EDWARDS— In this city, September 2, 1901. of
diphtheria, Everett John David Edwards,
dearly beloved and only son of Georse and
Alice Mary Edwards, and brother of Cecilia
Myrtle Edwards, and grandson of Mr. and
Mrs. John H. Freudenthal. a native of San
Francisco, aged 6 years 5 months and 7 days
Thy hands are clasped upon thy breast,
And the. voice we loved is stilled.
A place is vacant in our home
Which never shall be filled. -•
—From his FATHER and MOTHER.
(ETFuneral and interment strictly, private,
Mount Olivet Cemetery. ¦ ¦
ELIAS— In Modesto. Cal., . September 2, 1901.
Jenny, beloved wife of Philip Ellas, and'
mother of S. P. Elias and Mrs. Louis Harris
and Ernestine, Teresa, Berta and Clara Ellas,
and daughter of the. late David Plato, a na-
tive of New York. / •
EyNotlee of funeral hereafter. - •*
ERICKSON— In' this city, September. 1, 1901,
Carl Oscar Erlckaon. .a native of Sweden,
aged 52 year* 7 months and 24 days.
C7Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the Pythian
Castle, 909 Market street, under the auspices
of the Swedish Society. - Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery. ! Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, - 405
Powell- street, near Post. ¦ '¦
EVERSON— In this city, Evelyn, dearly be-
loved daughter of Elizabeth and -William
Everson, and sister of Charles. Jennie and
William Everson, a native of San . Francisco,
aged 4 years 3 months and 10 days.
E7"Friend8. and. acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from' the resi-
dence of her parents, .230 Francisco street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. • . •
GEORGE— In ! this city, September 2, 1901,
Henry Cowell, beloved husband of E. . B.
George, and father of William Henry George I
and Mrs. H. Harding ' Brown and Anson
. NOrthrup George, a native of Maine, aged 67
years. <. . . .~ ~-
H ALL— In this "city. September 1,-1901, Char-
lotte, beloved mother of James, Sidney, Wil-
- Ham and Charles- Hall, Thoraaa.«nd- Samuel
Hall of -Visalia. Mrs. O. I. Bradley of Santa
Cruz and the late Mrs. Jennie Transue T of
Alameda, a native, of Manchester, England,
aged SI years 10 months and 14 days.
IE? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited " to . attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 651 Harrison street. Interment -Ma-
sonic Cemetery. • •
JACOBY— In this city, September 1. 1901, Jacob
Jacoby, husband of the late Jennie Jacoby/
and father of Max Jacoby. a native of Ger-
many, aged 75. years. A member of Magno-
lia Lodge No. 29, I. O. O. F.. and Ophir
Lodge No. 21, I. O. B. B.
IC7"FrIendS' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 554 Hayes street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery by 3:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
KIRCHER— In this city, September 1~ 1001.
Anna M., dearly beloved and only child j of
Friedrich and Maria Kircher, a native of
San Francisco, aged 3 years 2 months and
J4 days. - .. • — » ¦
• iryFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, SS Converse street, corner of
Bryant, between Eighth and Ninth. Inter-
ment Mount Olivet Cemetery by carriage.
LAWS— In this city, September 2, 1901, George
, Harry Laws, dearly beloved eon of Charles
and Emma Laws, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 month and 14 days. - ¦ ¦
LINDENBAUM— In this city, September ; 2.
1901. PhlllD Llndenbaum, . beloved brother of
Nathan and Abraham Ltndenbaum, a native
of San Francisco, aged 40 years 4 months and
20 days. - - - • :¦;,.. .
(C?"Friend9 and acquaintances are respect-
fully-invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from N. S. G.
W. Hal!.' 414 Mason street, where the serv-
ices will be held under the auspices of Cali-
fornia Parlor No. 1, N. S. G. W. Remains
at the parlors of Theodor Dierks, 957. Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Hills of Eternity Cemetery by carriage.
MONTGOMERY— In this city. September 1,
1901, $ John J., beloved husband of » the . late
Margaret Montgomery, and beloved father of
Mrs. J. • J. ' Keefe of St. Louis, Mrs. J. , J.
Phelan, -Mrs.. Kate ,Warde- Hutchison and
W. R. Montgomery, a native of County
Ferrramagh, Ireland, aged 80 years 2 months
and 1 day. . •
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock, from the residenc-j
of his daughter. Mrs. J. J. Phelan, 337 Clem-
entina street, thence to St. Patrick's Church
for services at 1:30 o'clock. . Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In. this city, September 1, 1901, An-
. nle. beloved wife of George Nelson. an<l
mother of Carrie. George, Annie, •¦' Henry,
Pauline and Lawrence Nelson, a native • o*
Germany, aged 43 years .7 months and 21
¦ days.. -¦¦!.¦,.-••. ' '.- ; - .•• "• ¦-¦¦¦¦ ¦ •
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend -the funeral - to-day.
(Tuesday), at -2 o'clock, . from her late resi-
dence, 1629 Tonquin street, between Broder-
' lck and Baker, Harbor View: Interment
. Laurel Hill Cemetery. , °j. /•. <
POTTS— In Oakland. September 1. ' 1901.
Thomas, beloved husband of Mary Potts, and
father of James A. Potts, a native of County
Monaghan, Ireland, aged 75 years.
(CyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ¦ the funeral services
to-morrow (Wednesday) afternoon. at 2
o'clock, at his late residence." 6659 San Pablo
avenue, Golden Gate, ¦ Interment ¦ Mountain
Yifew Cemetery. ¦
REMINGTON— In this city, 30. 1901.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO. ./
(Successor to Flannagan & Gallagher.) '
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. Mgr.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS
20 Fifth st. * opposite Lincoln School.
. - : ¦ Telephone South 80. ; . ••
Mt. Olivet Cemetery,
San Mateo County. ¦'
OFFICE 8J6 MARKET STREET;
J. HENDERSON^ Manager. ¦
I" UNITED UNDERTAKERS, '
. 27 and 29 Ftf th'; st. Tel. ! South 167.
FUNERAC DIRECTOES AND EMBALMER3.
Finest Equipment at Moderate Rates. ¦-
1 JAMBS McGINN,
Formerly, with i McGinn : Bros.,' has opened ¦
new • Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy st. bet
Taylor and Jones. Telephone . South 676. -'
NEW FIRM OF UNDERTAKERS. '
Samuel McFadden, IS ¦ years • manager for
the United Undertakers' Association: M.
J. : McBrearty, with the same company for
10. years: P. F. Green, late," with J.C.
, O'Connor &' Co.. 1 have opened new Funeral
Parlors at 1171 Mission street, between Sev-
enth and Eighth. , Telephone South 44.
,V Edward * C. '* Remington,*" a native of Massa-
chusetts, aged 62 years. -
ItyFriends and ¦ acquaintances are. respect-
s fully, invited to the funeral to-day
(Tuesday), at 1 o'ciock.-from the parlors of
McAvoy.& Co., 1239: Market street, between
•Eighth andJfinth. Interment Mount Olivet
.Cemetery. ¦•¦ -\ - ; , ¦.
ROWAN— In this city, William G. Rowan, be-
' loved son of James -and Theresa Rowan, and
brother of Willie, Teresa, Belle and the ' late
Nora Rowan, a native of San Francis:o.
aged 4 years 3 months 1 day. :
SAVAGE— There : will be . a " solemn ! requiem
mass for the repose of the soul ¦ of the late
James. J. Savage, at All Hallows' Church,
to-morrow. (Wednesday), commencing at ft
o'clock. Friends are invited to attend.
SCHIFF— In this "city,' September 2, 1901, De
Gustav Schiff. beloved husband of Henrietta
Schiff, and father of Mrs. B. D. Pike and
Ben, Ed and Max Schiff, a native, of Lippe-
Detmold,' : Germany, r aged 68 • years - and - 12
days. • .--... - ,. . "
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' (Wednesday)., at 10 o'clock, from his late
- residence, 1820 Pine street. Cremation Odd
-Fellows' Cemetery.
SWIFT— In this city," September 2, 1901. George
. H., beloved husband of Nellie Swift, and
father x of George Swift Jr.. son of Eliza
and. the late James Swift, and brother of
James F. Swift and Emma Sulsbersr and
Frank M. Swift, a - native of Marin County,
Calr, aged 39 years 3 months and 13 days.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday, at 8:30 o'clock, from 720 Golden
Gate avenue, thence to St. Ignatius Church,
where a requiem mass will be celebrated for
the reuose of . his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. - Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.Orpheum.
The attractive bill at ' the Orpheum this
week drew another packed house last
night. All the numbers were enthuslas-
Frank Bacon, who would be funny on
his . deathbed, . makes charming comedy
out of the part of, Myron, the father of
Parthenia. Not only Ingomar- but the
audience laughs at his tears and ridicules
his funny sorrows. Paul Gerson's Alas
tor is a manly impersonation, and Lucius
Henderson's Himarch is sufficiently virile
even for a Mayor. ,
maintained their clever work of the night
before. . ¦ - • . . ¦ .
- Next week will be the last of the Neill
season "at the California. Sunday night
and Monday matinee performances of
"Barbara Frietchie" will be given.
On Monday and Tuesday nights
the Nellls will produce for the
first time ' here \ Dion Boucicault's
famous comedy, "The Jilt," and on Wed
nesday night Mr. Neill's masterpiece, "A
Bachelor's Romance," will be produced for
the last time. "The Royal Box" is the
bill selected for Thursday, matinee and
night. That hilarious comedy, "The Lot
tery of Love," -will mark the concluding
performance on Friday night.
Alcazar;
"Ingomar," the cattle filching barbarian,
who speaks Greek like a poet and makes
love like a fool, is the attraction this
week at; the. Alcazar, with White Whit
tlesey in' the name part and Florence Rob
erts as Parthenia. Their conception of
the characters, while differing somewhat
from that , of their predecessors, is cor
rect with but few 'flaws. They were
warmly applauded last night during the
progress of the beautiful love comedy and
were thrice called before the curtain to
receive the crown of applause, j Barton
Hill, who was a leader in the McCullough-
Barrett Stock Company in the d&ys of the
old California, has the ungrateful part of
the miserly Polydor. He plays it with all
his old-time fire and fidelity and shares
the applause with the stars at the head of
the cast.
Annie Russell, slim, spirituelle, little
creature, is the Princess, and it is not
possible to conceive of anything more
finished and graceful than her perform
ance. She has the clearest, sweetest
voice, and a spirit of high-bred, delicate
comedy that could hardly be excelled. She
has, too, the air of courts about her, and
wins and holds sympathy from her first
word. Mrs. Gilbert, the ever-beloved,
And so on.
"Speech?" asks the King.
"No, your Majesty."
"Ah, thank goodness. Tou will tell me
what to admire? Royalty, quite . er
roneously, is supposed to be an authority
upon that as other subjects."
"We have some carefully prepared im
promptus here for your Majesty," says
the equerry. '
The King consents and the Cardinal
goes his own seemingly very singular
way in the matter, to the high disdain of
the Queen Dowager, who is spending a
surprised old age in learning her own
inconsequence. and everything ends
happily ever afterward. I am not going
to say how, for it is quite worth your
while to find out for yourselves. The story
is told with sprlghtliness, a radi
ant good nature, and has a dialogue that
sparkles from end to end. The side
lights on royalty are dellciously funny,
and one of the richest little touches in
the whole thing is the arranging of the
King of Arcacla's day..
"What do we do to-day?" inquires his
Majesty. .
"Picture gallery at twelve," reads the
equerry.
many friends for its clever au
thor. Mr. R. Marshall. "A Royal Fam
ily," a new comedy, by the same author,
presented by ¦¦ Charles Frohman last
night at the Columbia Theater, will win
more. Altogether one of ' the daintiest
romances of later days is Mr. Marshall 1 s
new piece, a quaint and piquant .love
story, with a setting of royalty behind
the scenes. A' certain kingdom, of Arca
cia, probably ' so-called because it is a
near neighbor to Arcadia, finds Itself on
the verge of an inconvenient war with a
stronger power. The war equipment of
Arcacia is of the comic opera order, it is
therefore decided to offer up the Prin
cess Alestlne Victorlne Angela of Arca
cia as a living sacrifice to the belligerent
neighbor, the Kingdom of Kurland,
through the usual altar of . matrimony.
The Princess, on having the subject
broached to her, and seeing her duty
clear, naturally disapproves of the pro
posed alliance, saying that she objects
to being "married ; for the purposes of
geography alone." Papa, King of Ar
cacia, reasons, but In vain, and seeks the
counsel of the Cardinal Archbishop of
Caron, capital of Arcacia; The Cardinal
asks permission to manage the matter in
his own way and promises to bring the
recreant young damsel to her senses
within the stipulated ten days, if allow
ed to handle the affair.
yr jr IS Excellency, the Governor,"
|i=— Jl the brilliant fantasy so well
I I given by Henry Miller and his
LL JJL company here last year, won
"An Ideal Husband" went with much
more of the proper roll at the. California
Theater last night, tne players having
seemingly profited ¦ much by their ; one
public appearance in the piece. .James
NeiH was again very pleasing as Lord
Glory and Miss Dean and Miss Chapman
California.
The funeral of the late Luther ,Thrasher
of the Internal Revenue Office will"take
place' to-morrow, afternoon at 2 o'clock
from Masonic Temple under ; the auspices
o£ . California , Lodge of Masons. • ¦ .Young
Thrasher was a member of <¦ Lawrence
Lodge. F.and;A. M., in Lawrence. Jvans.
The body will be cremated and the ashes
taker, home by the dead , man's mother
ami sister, -who arrived here last Sunday
nisht. ; , j _
Luther Thrasher's Funeral.
The Southern Pacific Company has is
sued a circular announcing the following
chajiges in its freight and passenger traf
fic department: .B.F.' Coons, has been
made : commercial agent at Santa Bar-"
bara,- vice G. - T.. Forsyth, transferred to
a like position at Oakland. J. : R. Gray
has been given the position at Riverside
left . vacant by the promotion of Mr.
Coons, and the Covlna position formerly
filled by Gray has been given, to T. E.
Hunt. • These gentlemen assumed charge
of their, new offices yesterday.
C. H. Markham, who has been made
assistant freight and traffic manager of
the Pacific system and the lines In Ore
gon, arrived yesterday from Portland and
entered upon his new duties under Wil
liam. Spro'ule in -the local office of the
Southern Pacific 'Company.
E. A. Mitchell, lately night ticket agent
Southern Pacific Appointments.
• Why experiment with other brands when you
•can set Jesse Moore Whiskey at all times and
places? -'¦•. ."' • _ ¦ •
Jesse Boyd, who says lie is a special
for Morse's patrol and was to be sworn
in' to-night as a special for.Curtin's
agency, made things. lively in a restau
rant on Kearny street', near Jackson, ves
terday afternoon. He had been taking his
meals there and had . also, according to
Andrew Jaeger, the proprietor, been bor
rowing small sums of money. He went
into the restaurant yesterday afternoon
under the influence of liquor and Jaeger
asked him for some' money. He called
Jaeger a liar and struck at. him. Jaeger
defended himself and Boyd pulle<- a . re
volver out of his pocket. Jaeger grappled
with him and took the revolver from him
beating him on the head' withit till- he
subsided. Boyd was arrested for exhibit
ing a deadly weapon in a rude and threat
ening manner. , : .
Drew Revolver in Restaurant.
In Elliot Gray, .the cool, daring, dash
ing soldier, Haworth has a part that fits
him easily,, gracefully and becomingly.
The company with which the star has
surrounded himself lends him a splen
did support. Laura Nelson Hall is pret
ty and charming as impulsive Rosa
Leigh, Charles Waldron makes- a' very
earnest Mattftew Leigh. Lillian Buck
ingham is a very attractive Lady Flor
ence May,. and Fred Butler an unusually
convincing Niles McKenna. The play is
very artistically staged.
There was a splendid welcome for Jos
eph Haworth at the Grand Opera-houso
last evening, and curtain calls . that
brought him before the footlights many
times after each act. ¦
Lester Wallack's old drama "Rose
dale," in which the. new star of the Mis-
sion-street house .made his appearance
is one of those few dramas that age can
not wither. The. stirring scenes and ex
citing situations still rouse an audience
in the same fashion .< that they roused
those of twenty years ago.'
Grand Opera-House.
.F. H. Key ea,, the popular manager of
the Pacific Coast branch of the firm, of D.
M. Osburn & Company, manufacturers of
agricultural machinery. ! was treated to a
very pleasant' surprise by hi3 assistants
last Saturday on the eve of his departure
for Los Angeles. ' - .
Mr. Keyes has always stood high in the
estimation of his fellow employes and
they have long looked for a flttlnjr op
portunity to give him some testimonial of
their appreciation. It was finally decided
that a watch would prove acceptable and
a beautiful jeweled timepiece was select
ed. The gift came wholly in the nature
of a surprise and the ceremony of prssen
tatlon was the occasion for the display of
much humor on the part of all concerned.
Assistant Manager W. B. Gray present
ed the watch with a brief tribute to the
personality of the recipient and Mr. Keyes
responded appropriately and with many
heartfelt thanks. • . - '¦ X,'.
Popular Manager of Manufacturing
Agency Is Treated to a Fleas
; ant Surprise.'
F. H. KEYES RECEIVES
GITT FROM EMPLOYES
The Tivoli company fulfilled all that
had been predicted concerning the per
formance of "Norma." That most tune
ful of Bellini's operas was. put on last
evening, with Barbareschl in the title
role, and an excellent Norma she proved
to be! In fact this was the best appear
ance that she has made so. far this sea
son, and the audience was corresponding
ly enthusiastic. Bravura is the music
generally, and the Barbareschi voice
filled the requirements very thoroughly
and satisfactorily. Poletlni's contralto
was heard to very good advantage jn the
duos with Barbareschi. Castellano's role
of Pollio was handled very well. He sang
as usual, . his high notes being very
strong. Dado was a triumphant Oroveso.
His solos in the first and last acts de
serve special mention. Of course the
"Casta Diva," by Barbareschi, and the
hackneyed "Hear Me, Norma," were the
features. The orchestra fairly outdid' it
self in the loving and caressing manner
n which it devoted itself to the render
ing of the flowing and sensuous- melodies
of the score. • "Norma" was popular with
our grandparents, surely, but it has not
lost its charm with the present genera
tion. The performance last evening would
alone be sufficient to make memorable the
present Tivoli grand opera season. The
less important roles went to Miss Sannle
Kruger and Cortesi. "Norma". is billed
for Wednesday, Friday and j Saturday
evenings. This evening "Mignon" will
be revived, with Collamarini as Mignon
Repetto as Filina, Russo as Wilhelm'
Nicolini as Lothario and Poletini, Cor
tesi, Napoleoni and Davenport also in
the cast. ¦ .
Tivoli.
tlcally applauded,, particularly the as
tounding acrobatic, feats of the Cragg
family, which literally brought down the
house. Powell, the clever magician, came
Dj, °f a lar ee share^of the applause, as
did also the La Valle'e trio with their se
lections on harps and violins.
The man who puts the lighted end of a
cigar in his mouth acknowledges his mis
take more quickly than gracefully.
shares honors with the dainty star, for
her clever picture of the poor old Queen
Dowager, who is occupied in fighting for
four horses that are horses" to her
chariot, and for other formB of recog
nition. She looked tho part most fully, a
very manual of etiquette in her • every
move, and was most heartily welcomed
by the audience. Eleanor Sanford fills
the reigning Queen's part acceptably.
There are three men in the cast who do,
In their separate roles, work as good of
its kind as we have had here— Laurence
D'Orsay, the King; W. H. Thompson, the
Cardinal, and Orrin Johnson, the lover.
Laurence D'Orsay makes a most person
able king to begin with and a polished and
courtly monarch that any kingdom might
do much worse than acquire. Mr. Thomp
son, as the Cardinal is a fine old Machia
vellian figure, splendidly played through
out. Orrin Johnson as the prince makes
a handsome and pleasing lover. The smal
ler parts are all well taken and the set
tings and costumes, with the picturesque
military uniforms/leave nothing to be de
sired. \
POPULAR INGENUE OF THE NEILX. COMPANY, AT THE CALIFORNIA
THEATER AND A FAVORITE TIVOLI - TENOR WHO HAS BEEN
HEARD TO ADVANTAGE DURING THE PRESENT SEASON /' •
Those in charge of the exhibition were:
Professor Emory E. Smith, Mrs. L. O.
Hodgkins. Mrs. William Alvord, Mrs. H.
Tricon, . J. R. Martin, Mrs. W. S.
Chandler, Mrs. T. Sachau and E. Gill.
The Tevis • and Crocker estates gardens
carried off the first prizes in the dahlia
show '; which, was held yesterday after
noon at' Sherman &Clay Hall under the
auspices of the California State Floral
Society.
It was the first dahlia show ever held
in this city, and was a revelation to even
the most ardent flower lovers. The flow
ers shown were gorgeous in coloring and
with petals, as dainty as those of the
most highly cultured blossoms. The new
varieties of the dahlia which were exhib
ited resembled most the chrysanthe
mums of finest quality. In fact garden
ers and cultivators to-day declare that
the dahlia is about to supplant the chrys
anthemum in public favor and is des
tined to be the fashionable blossom for
some time to come.
The most gratifying part of the exhibit
to those having the affair in charge was
the fact that the handsome blossoms
were those of California seedlings. R.
Lichtenberg. who showed a Marge and
pleasing variety of California seedlings,
had seeds distributed to visitors. Besides
the dahlias there was' a splendid exhibit
of gladiolus made by Mrs. T. Sachau of
San Lorenzo, and also a beautiful display
of Romneya, or wild Mexican poppy, a
dainty blossom with delicate white petals
and .rich golden heart, shown by Mrs. E.
W. Maslin of Alameda.
The judges of the show were: E. Gill
of Oakland, Charles Abraham of San
Francisco and T. P. Fitzgerald of Mill
Valley.
The awards made were as follows: ,
General collection of dahlias — First prize.
William Eldred, gardener for Dr. Harry Tevis;
second prize, J. W. Bagge, gardener for Prot
. estant Orphan Asylum.
Cactus dahlias— Best twelve varieties, J.
Thompson, gardener Crocker estate; best six
varieties, J. Thompson. :. .
Decorative dahlias— Best twelve varieties,
William Eldred; best- six varieties, , William
Eldred.
Show dahlias— Best six varieties, William
Eldred. '
Fancy dahlias — Best six varieties. William
Eldred.
dred.
Single dahlias— Best twelve varieties, J. W.
Bagge; best six varieties, J. W. Bagge. <
Seedlings— Special premium. William Eldred.
General collection— Special premium, E. Leed
. ham. ¦ .
The State Floral Society-
Displays Gorgeous x
Dahlias.
CHRYSANTHEMUM
GLORIES FADING
It is said that Governor Baxter's view
of the matter ' is the one generally ac
cepted in Denver, where the general opin
ion prevails that Hughes should as a gen
tleman have kept his mouth shut, no mat
ter how badly he imagined himself in
jured. Governor Baxter is a native of
Tennessee and was Governor of Wyoming
when life was more strenuous in that sec
tion of the country than is the case at
the present time. Those who know him
say that when he returns to Denver the
meeting between him and the Hughes will
be decidedly torrid.
an ass.' "
"The fact is that architects are al
ready employed preparing, plans for me
for a new and handsomer residence in
Denver. My agent has a commission to
buy the site desired.
"Without referring in detail to the
many other falsehoods that have been
published, and all of which emanated
from the father or son of this hog-and
homlny-aristocracy from Missouri, I dis
miss the subject with this general re
mark: I have relied upon the intelligence
of a discriminating public to write them
down from their own acts for what they
are. 'We do not need to get very near a
skunk to . detect the ' genus. If the
Hughes family are to be the arbiters of
social recognition * in Denver, God save
the mark! About all that any of them
know of the usages of polite society
they have learned during their four
years' residence near me and under the
tutelage of various members of my fam
ily. But enough oi a nauseating subject.
There's an old Spanish proverb that fits
the case, 'It's. a waste of lather to shave
"The idea of being driven out of any
community by such a 30-cent runt is
amusing to any one who knows him. Es
pecially so in .view ' of the ! estimate
placed* upon the Hughes courage, when
it is remembered, as it practically is by
every one in Denver, that Mr. C. J.
Hughes, the father, crawled at the feet
of Hon. T. J. O'Donnell, bogging for
mercy like a whipped ! cur. -
Will Build a New Residence. *
I "As It afforded them, .¦ however, an op
portunity of sending broadcast through
out the country a baseless and scurrilous
article, which appeared in Sunday's pa
pers, it may have ministered somewhat
to their vulgar pride. The fact Is that
the ' house was sold on August 22, at
which time a part of the consideration
was paid. On August 28 deeds conveying
the property were passed and pay?nent
made in- full. On either of these dates
Mr. Gerald Hughes' could have indulged
in his vain boasting: and self-congratula
tions. But It is characteristic of the
man that he should wait until the even
ing of the, 31st, until within a few min
utes of the time I was leaving the city,
to indulge his self-conceit. Mr. Gefald
Hughes is about the size of a coyote,
but the resemblance is made more strik
ing because of the . sneaking and cow
ardly traits common to both.
Why Hughes Waited.
"These facts were known, not only to
all the Huches family, but to many of
my personal friends as well.
"When in California last July I deter
mined to sell the place at any sacrifice In
furtherance of the plans I then agreed
upon with my daughter. Upon my return
to Denver I Immediately placed. the house
In the hands of another agent. I selected
with great care one I thought could reach
the Hugheses. It was no surprise to me to
know that Mr. Hughes was the .real pur
chaser. On the contrary.' I knew it all
the time and as a consequence made him
pay some $10,000 more than I should have
accepted from any one else. Mr. Tyson
Dines, in whose name the. negotiations
were conducted, is a lawyer and was a
partner of C. J. Hughes. It was well
known to me, as it was known to every
one else, that Mr. Dines was not able, to
buy or live in such a house. However, it
was not left to surmise. The agent whom
I ' employed told me several, times that
Mr. Hughes was to be the real purchaser.
"If Gerald Hughes or his father can
extract any revenge or comfort from buy
ing the property. at a price far in excess
of what any one else would pay, whicn
had been for sale for three years, it onlj
Indicates they are easily satisfied.
Paid a Big Price.
"I am surprised the papers of this city
should lend themselves to the publication
of such malicious and venomous slush as
appeared Sunday morning. For more
than five months Dast 1 have seen from
time to time in the public press numerous
articles intended to reflect upon me. and
my family which 1 have passed over in
silence, as they were all written by
Gerald Hughes or his father, C. J.
Hughes, or inspired by them. Most of
this was paid for at the regular advertis
ing rates.- \ . . •
"As I have assumed that any differences
which I may have with them or they with
me were of a purely personal character
and not subject to newspaper controversy
I have ignored them, under the impression
that I could not reply without lowering
myself to their level. But there comes a
time when self-restraint ceases to be a
virtue. Much as I dislike now to say any
thing for publication I feel that I should
take some notice of ¦ their ¦ most recent
screed, even at the risk of jeopardizing
the estimate of me by a community in
which I am a stranger.' "
"First, as to the articles appearing in
Sunday's papers, I have to say that they
contain a willful and malicious distortion
of the truth. The fact is that my home
in Denver has been for sale for the past'
three years. During that period a -real
estate, firm there, which had the matter
In hand, has shown the house to not less
than half a dozen persons, who,- it. was
thought, might be possible purchasers.
Inspired by the Efugheses.
When seen last night Governor Baxter
was mad clear through. He declares the
story is absolutely false and that it was
instigated or written by the Hughes,
father and son. Governor Baxter decided
it was time for him to do a little talk
ing himself and he dictated the following
statement: •
San Francisco papers printed a dis
patch from Denver last Sunday in which
it was stated that the Baxter : home . in
Denver had been purchased by Hughes,
and that the sale had been forced on the
Baxters by the social ostracism to which
the ¦ family had been subjected since the
daughter became the bride of the Cali
fornia millionaire.
The Hughes-Baxter controversy, which
started with the alleged jilting of Gerald
Hughes, son; of a Colorado millionaire, by
Cornelia Baxter, the beautiful Denver
girl .who subsequently became the wife
and then the widow of Hugh Tevis, had
another, chapter, added to it last night
when former Governor George W. Bax
ter, the young lady's father; arrived at
the Palace. ,;vi •
Speaks "With Biting Contempt
of Gerald Hughes and
Hi3 Sire.
Father of " Mrs. . Hugh
Tevis Bitterly De
nounbes His Foes.
BAXTER PERE
WAXES WROTH
"A Royal Family' 'Splendidly Acted at Columbia—Grpheum Pre-
sents Bill; of ; Rare Merit— Neili Company Giving Artistic Per
. formance:at California— 44 Ingomar v ; Successful at the Alcazar
MISS RUSSELL SHARES HONORS
WITH VETERAN MRS. GILBERT
at the ferry depot, has been appointed,
Btation agent at First and Market streets.
Oakland. Mr. Mitchell has made himself
very popular with the traveling public,
and has many friends who will be pleased
to learn of his promotion.
Fight in Iiodgtng'-Souse.
As the result of a flght In the St Da
vid's House on Howard street early yes*
terday morning Christopher Zimmerman,
the night clerk, and Joseph Riley, a sa
loon-keeper, are booked at the City Prison
on charges of assault with a deadly
weapon. Riley followed a woman and a
man into the house and Insisted upon en
tering their room. Zimmerman attempt
ed to eject Riley and the latter hit him,
on the head with a cane. Zimmerman re
taliated by striking Riley on the head
with a club, inflicting two scalp wounds,
which were dressed at the Receiving Hos
pital.
It was on the day of Queen Victoria's
birth. May 24, 1819, that the first trans-
Atlantic steamer started from Savannah
for Liverpool.
JUDGE DUBOSE'S
MOTION GRANTED
Rehearing of Contempt
Case Ordered by Fed
eral Court.
Testimony- io Be Taken by
Commissioner Heacock
This Week.
United States Circuit Judge Morrow
and United States • District Judge de
Haven sat yesterday morning as a United
States Circuit Court of Appeals to hear
a motion for a rehearing of the contempt
case against ex-Judge Dudley DuBoee,
now serving a sentence of six months' Im
prisonment In the Alameda County Jail
lor having- advised a client to disregard
tlie court's writ of supersedeas.
The petition was .offered by Garret Mc-
Exifcrney on behalf of the prisoner, the
ttnas of the petition being a denial of
any intention of setting at defiance the
writ of supersedeas issued by the court
In the Nome mining cases, and on an un
qualified submission to the authority of
the court and of its processes.
Mr. McEnerney read an affidavit of
Major Van Arsdale of the United States
army.' stationed at Nome, to the effect
that the alleg-' i contemptuous language
was I not used by Judge DuBose. Major
Van Arsdale deposes in the affidavit that
ha was certain that Judge DuBose never
said that he advised Mr. Comptois or any
on© else to disobey the writ. What Judge
DuBose did say was that the military au
thorities had no jurisdiction to enforce
the writ, but that the United States Cir
cuit Court of Appeals could punish for
ccntempt In case of It being disobeyed.
Major Van Arsdale deposed further that
as soon as he saw the newspaper accounts
of the sentence of Judge DuBose he volun
teered his service to set the Judge right
before the Circuit Court of Appeals.
Mr. McEnerney next read an affidavit
by Judge DuBose, in which he positively
denies that he advised Comptois to dis
ol:ey the writ or assist In defeating any
of the orders of the court. He denies hav
inv made the statements attributed to
him by Kennett M. Jackson and others on
the proceedings before Major Van Ars
aale. He recognizes the absolute neces
sity for all courts to maintain their Juris
diction and that it Is the duty of all at
torneys to aid the courts in execution of
their processes and orders.
Judge Morrow, after a whispered con
sultation with Judge de Haven, said that
ui»or a consideration of all the facts the
court was of the opinion that the showing
was sufficient to entitle Judge DuBose to
a rehearing and to admit him to ball
pending that proceeding. The court at its
regular meeting In October would re
ceive whatever evidence Mr. McEnerney
nright have to submit, said Judge Mor
row.
Upon Mr. McEnerney calling the atten
tion of the court to the 'act that naviga
tion to Nome would be closed by the ice
by that time, the court referred the task
of taking testimony to United States
Court Commissioner Heacock and fixed
Judge DuBose's bonds at $5000.
I!* S. Pillsbury. •who appeared as amicus
curiae, remarked that Judge DuBose's de
rial was a surprise to him, because on
the hearing of the case his attorney
seemed to admit that Judge DuBose had
made the statements charged against him.
Mi. McEnerney explained that his
client had said to one of the litigants that
the writ of supersedeas was void, but he
had not advised the litigant to disobey the"
order.
The court requested Mr. Pillsbury to ap
pear before Commissioner Heacock and
cross examine witnesses.
Central.
Much Interest is being displayed over
the production this evening of "A. Voice
In the Wilderness," the semi-religious
pjay of Edward Eisner. Belasco & Thall
have spared no expense in mounting- the
production, and the full-dress j rehearsal
held last night gave every indication
that the Central Theater is likely to be
the center of attraction in the amuse
ment world for an indefinite period The
principal character of John the Baptist
S lU 5 e -J^ s £ med by R obert Downing,
Herod will be portrayed by Robert Cum
mlngs. Pontius Pilate will be assumed by
Lawrence Lowell, Herodias Is to be en
trusted to Annette Marshall and Salome
will be played by Oza Waldrop. Alto
gether there are fifty speaking roles in
the play, all of which will be in capable
Fischer's Concert House.
2j The new programme at Fischer's is full
of. variety and every number was heartily
received . by an Immense audience last
nl^ht. Georgie Woodthorpe and Fred
Cooper made a hit in "The Midnight Vis
itor. June Mathias proved a clever child
performer and William Duraht. the "mu
sical Chinaman." pave an amusing turn.
Sam Holdworth. descriptive tenor, was
warmly welcomed after a trip to Japan
the Paloma Quartet sang several Spanish
songs and Tyrolean airs; Coleman and
Mexis continued their sensational shoot
ing act. and Paul La Croix. juggler and
Amos Davis and Mabel de Heard, colored
comedians, completed an entertaining pro
gramme. .
Chutes.
The new bill presented at the Chutes
last night was one of the best ever pre
sented there. Oscar P. Sisson and Ester
Wallace presented a bright corned v sa
tire entitled -My Wife's Presents "
which kept the audience in roars of
laughter. The Standard quartet of col
ored warblers also scored a big hit Oth
er good numbers are Ameta, in spectacu
lar dances; the Esmonds, musical artist"-
Ina Allen, soprano; Rome Nome, saxa
phone soloist, and new moving pictures
Large Planing Mill Burned.
MUSCOGON, Mich.. Sept. 2.-The plan
ing, shingle and sash factory of N. Mc-
Grath & Son at Lakeside was burned* to
? ay ' her wlth the flashed s?ock
Loss $50,000: insurance about half. IOCK -
12
THE SAN FRAyCTSCO CALL, TUKSDAY, SEPTEMBER 3, 1901;
rifiiijC$g
Just p, few more of those bar-
gains that have brought throngs
of clever buyers to our doors dur-
ing our closing-out Sale of Sum-
mer Garments.
JJQr* For WOMEN'S MERCERIZED
** *J w BLACK SATEEN WAISTS, all
sizes; -good; 75c value. i
T^ir F °r choice of our SI 25 to $2
« OV/ WOMEN'S WHITE INDIA LINEN
or COLORED CHAMBRAY WAISTS.
9Of» For choice of hundreds ot
-*V^-WOHEN'S WAISTS, many worth
as high as 73c. '
4 £C/-».F,or WOMEN'S PERCALE WRAP-
¦TOPPERS:, some are a little mussed
from handling; many worth as high as
?1 CO; only about 5 dozen In the lot.
A.f%C For WOMEN'S ACCORDEON-
"vW PLAITED UNDERSKIRTS, all
colors; regular price $1.
iQpFor BOYS' SAILOR BLOUSE
M. tj W' WAISTS, made of good ' percale. «
We've placed on sale to-day a mixed lot
of WOMEN'S WALKING and DRESS
SKIRTS, worth from $3 to li.Ci SA
Your choice to-day of lot «J> fl »OsJ
: Women's best GINGHAM APRONS;
regular price 20e. On sale..'.. , 1 Ap
••¦¦'¦¦•¦¦:¦¦¦--;•:¦•:-¦
BIG EMBROIDERY. SALE, o
EMBROIDERIES "at... " 4c, worth ' 8c*
EMBROIDERIES at... 5c, worth lOe
EMBROIDERIES at... Sc. worth 12V.C
EMBROIDERIES at...l2i£c, worth- 20c
1 f% /- For WOMEN'S SLEEVELESS
1 VfV- VESTS." all colors: worth 20c. . .
'iC/» For i WOMEN' S LISLE H ALF-
lOv SLEEVE VESTS, -worth from* 25c
Mo 33c- • ' , .; . • ......
Your choice of -our $2 50 CHILDREN'S
WHITE -PIQUE CAPES, trimmed with
throe ruffles: of wide embroidery, lined
¦with MarselllesA On .sale *K1
CAr. For choice of our $1.' to $2.>
OUt WOMEN'S COVERT CLOTH or
DUCK -.OUTING SKIRTS,- effectively
trimmed; all colors..
CHILDREN'S POKE BONNETS. ......15c i
WE CLOSE AT SIX O'CLOCK.
1212-1214 MARKET ST./
Bet. Taylor and Jono3. , :
. '._ _'¦ ' _ _ - * ADVERTISEMENTS.
W-H-I-H-M-I II I II I I I I II I.IIHI H..H-M-H..H..H..I I II I I 1 1 H-H
j ROBERT WALLACE,!
| 219 GRANT AVENUE. :
§ 1 — ¦- \
j Special To-Day, Tuesday. ;
* i^^M, n^ M arm °t Capes, regular *
t '$Mmml^ Price $22.50; reduced to.. I
t immMMm Genuine BIack Marten collar- I
? ettes » beautifully made, ?
t • >lliiir handsomely lined, seven real ?
4 II^^IIIP^ tails, regular price $20; 4
I 'jfejm'. /educed to $13,50 :
5 ... . liSHliF Genuine Mink Boas, with cluster :
$ of tails, regular price $10; •
t iKMiiMlmU Handsome Iot of Animal Fox :
t III OnSffl I ft Boas > re g u lar price $15: :
? II I WN j|l ; reduced to $10.00 •
* iffl I I nffill Just a few SeaIskIn Jackets, i
t '¦fffflW II I ( II atJout one of each size, latest 3
: I WI\ I Jl iVV cut, double-breasted effect -j
: * mill! l III i ImI 1 In front, closed; open,' with h
t iW /I NIiIJ ' Iarge revers; an °PPortu- i
? /!/ mill lif flMl nIty °f * lifetime, regular :
t Mi J Hi \WH price $125; reduced to... ;
:: \ 111 ' 1 llT Elec trlc SeaUackets, beautiful i
* ' \ ill II I II I I III 111 £°ods, correct \n style, :
\ i III 111 Miifllta three-quarter length, regu- :
t \ I'l I III u Ifilll m Iar prlC8 $ 47i50 » reduced i
J \ to $35.00 :
M .. H . ? 3=3-fr^.^HH^ I I I I I I I II I I-I- H-I-1
ImillineryI
I OPENING, !
I Fall and Winter Season, |
I FRIDAY AND SATURDAY, |
I September 6th and 7th. |
<S> Our French pattern Hats and <»
% Bonnets, also elegant creations
<$> from t our workroom, will be <*»
ready for your inspection. All in-
4> vited; no one expected to pur- %.
t chase. ±
f KLEITH'SJ
t 8O8 Market St,, J>
I PHELAN BUILDING. |
Fancy nrlcei for
EYEGLASSES
When I offer them to you at
ONE-THIRD LESS
Than any other Optician .in San
Francisco. Satisfaction guaranteed
or money back.
Ej. iffAXWIXI*. Refractlne
Ot>tician. Room 42, sixth noor, '•'-
Academy of Sciences Bulldinj.
819 MARKET STREET.
TAKE THE EliEVATOS.
32|lp|f^; DREAD I
/\!\ W^N CHAIR! I
"VAN VROOM" I
PAINLESS DENTAL PARLORS, |
1001 MARKET, Cor. 6th. 1
DR. G. B. SUSSDORFF, J
Late Superintendent Physician- City '
i and Count v Hospital. |
MENTAL. AND NERVOUS DISEASES. i
: SPECIFIC TREATMENT \
For LIQUOR and MORPHINE HABITS. '
1 Twenty Tears' Experience. . \
I Patients may be treated at home or prl- .
vate sanitarium. Office Glasgow BulldUa*. ,
< 105 EHIa St.. near Powell. Hours. U to 11 /
) a. m., ! to * pi na.T'i; >•'-
I may be attained by any one who wears shoes that give 1
I the feet perfect freedom in every movement. The large I
I assortment of shoes we have just received for our $3.50 1
I Department have every element of grace. They have 1
a our exclusive shapes., which" are the smartest arid pret- §
I tiest effects out, and delight the eye with their beauty of I
I outline. They are made of all the newest materials, I
I and come in all the extreme widths and lengths, so i
I that we can fit them to, the exact' form . I
¦ "^^^^¦¦¦HBBpiijftJiiiyBiiiiiiiin ifliiiniiAawBP