NOTED ACTORS. IN ,THE IN
TERNAL'AFFAIRS . OF THE
CELESTIAL EMPIRE. ¦ ,
: April 1 9 — Naval = Con
structors Richmond ;F.\ Hobson has been
assigned to : special duty in the Bureau of
Construction '? and Repair,* Navy i Depart
ment, i He will assume his Hew duties next
.Tueisday;^-^*-" 5 -'-^"'^^ ~*.~?"- "¦¦'"¦ :• -'•- ; - ;- ,•-
Hobson on Special: Duty.-
;VA- Shanghai special says: <* The Yangtze
-Viceroys "arid Governors ' hay e" forwarded *a
memorial to the ; thrpner_suggestlng * cer^
tain ; "reforms.'! ;.y These .' .-reforms £ suggest;
among other things, 7 that the royal princes
ITow, Trying to' Secure _the Assistance
' -•.'-¦¦ . ¦,' \ of |;Japan- 4 •-., ;. ¦/..-. , : .'¦'.
LONDON, Aorili 10.— "Russia- has; now
changed j her tactics," • says a' dispatch . to
the^Daily Mail ;from:Toklor,"and is^mak
ing desserate* efforts .UoVsecurer'notf only.
Ja'pan*a^\ieutrality ; but her*: benevolent as
sistance \ toward ;. Russia's 'f f ar"" Eastern •
schemes".'} ¦',' : v ~'"-L.'-'\ *' ¦ • "¦'
RUSSIA; CHANGES TACTICS.
Dr. Stuebel, director ' of the Colonial
Department of ; the German Foreign Of*
fice, and at one time German Gen
eral at Shanghai, .who recently, went to
London on a', special emission connected
with the question of ; Chinese indemnity,
has returned | to Berlin^ g He ; reports that
negotiations ; in .: London, regarding [ the
fixing of a modus .of * Chinese indemnity
•were successful and .resulted in a mutual
agreement. ' "^^
BERLIN, April 9.— Nothing . is i known
here officially regarding j the , report that
Rockhill,,; the American special . commis
sioner at" Peking, , and Sir;Ernest -M. Sa
tow^ the British; Minister there,' .were in
sulted by German' soldiers recently while
returning . from .dinner in • sedan chairs,
the Chinese bearers of which, as -the re
port alleges,- were ' beaten by the Ger
mans. ; - ¦'¦-. .'-*-- ' ' -¦•-•'.
Acts of German Soldiers.
Nothing Officially, Known of Peculiar
The German -Minister, * Dr. -Mumm von
Schwarzenstein, entertained- all the Min
isters at a dinner- to-day in honor of the
anniversary of .the ' birth of • Count von
"Waldersee. . .; ¦", . .• ¦ ¦
ALLEGED INSULT TO, ENVOYS.
He : has the entire . Mohammedan popula
tion' with him. Prince Tuan 'also has a
large following,. while Prince Olaskan con
trols the entire province of Mongolia.
Chinese ,'. knowing ; General Tung/:Fuh
Sian.' say the .'Emperor: brought - the re
bellion upon his own head when he pub
lished the edict threatening, the general
with, future punishment. On account Vof
his", present power and influence, •' General
Tung Fun Sian 'would not perniit'this and
naturally desired', to prove I that ; power."
• The Mongolian Prince, Olaskan, father
in-law of Prince Tuan, proves to be an
important factor in the rebellion now in
progress: He urges the rebellious troops
to march on Sian-Fu. , .'
PEKING, April 9.— The Russian Minis
ter to China, M.de'Giers,, responding to
the letter from Prince Ching and Li Hung
Chang regarding Manchuria, merely ' re
fuses to hold further communication with
them u oon the subject. - '\ ¦'-, ¦-¦¦¦¦
to March. Against Emperor.
Powerful Princes Who TJrg« Troops
CHUTA REBELLION" GROWS.
Understanding the impossibility of China
paying such an Indemnity, Secretary Hay,
after the' Cabinet meeting to-day," sent in
structions to Rockhill directing him to
endeavor to reduce the claims to at least
J200.000.000. and $100,000,000, if possible. If
it is necessary to " accomplish this the
United States will reduce its claim to
$12,500,000. '
Japan is known to have expended $25,'
000,000 for military expenses, her counselor
of legation was killed . and the ' property
of her citizens i in Tientsin and elsewhere
was destroyed. Her military expenses are
large by reason .of the fact that outside
of Russia she sent the largest military
force to China— 22,573 men. The United
States filed a modest' claim for $25,000,000.
Of the jrreat powers, Germany, of
course, has the heaviest . claim, which
amounts to $80,000,000. By reason, of the
failure of the Manchurian ] convention,
Russia is compelled to submit claims for
the destruction of her railroad property.
France has submitted- a' large, claim, as
her missionaries ¦ were * slaughtered and
their missions destroyed. : ' ; ,- ,. ¦
It is impossible to obtain an exact esti
mate of the claims made by each, power,
for the reason that the dispatch received
by Secretary Hay to-day from Commis
sioner Rockhill is withheld from publica
tion.. It is known, however, that eleven
powers have submitted .demands for in
demnity—Germany, Russia, France, ' Ja
pan, United States, Italy, Austria, Spaini
Holland, Belgium and Portugal. Spain,
Holland, Belgium and Portugal landed no
men in China and suffered comparatively
little damage, yet their claims; with those
of Italy and Austria, , which were ; repre
sented by 1450 soldiers and fifty-five guns,
amount to more than $100,000,000. ., ;
ya^ALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET,
/T N. "W., "WASHINGTON, April 9.—
VV> While China is threatened by in
ternecine strife the powers '.are
placing a millstone around ; her
neck in the shape of an indemnity
amounting to nearly $500,000,000. This as
tonishing aggregate of claims filed, equal
to one-half of the war indemnity demand
" ed of France by Germany, has caused
consternation in official circles here. ¦
The Lokal ; Anzeiger publishes the • f ol -
lowing from "its Peking '/. correspondent:
"M. Mergellng, " secretary/of 'the ; Berlia
Legation, has been arrested* by German
soldiers, who -".were" guarding the Hatu
men gate, , but -; it- was j his'Yown fault, as
he refused \io'. obey, instructions." "
¦'¦.: The controversy * between Russia and
Japan , on , the subject of ¦ Korea has been
conducted fwith -the .. greatest v caution'on
both sides, showing an earnest; wish to
avoid a conflict. The^ Berlin diplomats do
not ¦ exDect a* conflict. - : . ...
BERLIN, "April 9.— Russia's declaration,
renouncing^.' separate 3 agreement . with
China," gives great satisfaction in • Berl'n
official circles,, since it ; removes all sepa
rate negotiations from having further in
fluence on • the diplomatic situation at
Peking" and the general negotiations can
nftw, proceed* uninterruptedly. It « is said
in official circles, that it 'was to be -expect
ed that Russia would not withdraw from
Manchuria/ and ¦ now any . power propos
ing a withdrawal must^be prepared to at
tempt to bust her, by force. '¦':.:".' '¦¦
The Frelssinnige Zeitung expresses a
hope that 'at least a portion of the Ger
man troops may" now be .withdrawn from
China, adding that otherwise Germany
will be completely Isolated there. It says
the. Chinese^ forts could have ( been der
stroyed without waiting for China's con
sent. ;. '- ¦ c . ¦; -¦¦¦¦ : - - ¦ ¦
. SATISFIES THE GERMANS.
_ The . Vossische Zeitung,. which sees a
Russian . diplomatic defeat in Russia's
abandonment of the Manchurian conven
tion,- says: - ,. ; ,. ¦ ¦
"It must: have been hard for Count
Lamsdorff to instruct the Russian Eni
bassador^to that effect, especially since
Russia had - from the start followed .the
p61icy" of rendering \ a \ diplomatic settle
ment in' Peking- as difficult : as possible,
and of doing everything to 'stiffen the
backbone ) .of.' China against the allies,
particularly •- in matter of ' the with
drawal of. the troops from the province of
Chili." ' ¦ :;'r--- -. .' . '
The National '.Zeltung ,takes the view
of the German Foreign Office. .'
BERLIN,' April 9.— The latest "phase of
the Manchuria question is very differently
judged". by - : different sections "of ; th*e Ger
man press. .- The Frelsslnnige KZeltung,
Herr Richter's organ, " says:
"For the moment the situation is eased
and the conclusion of- peace is -hastened,
but so far as the future is. concerned the
situation is -.rendered more ' complicated,
for as. soon as the allied forces are with
drawn, the military, superiority of Russia
will become overwhelming for China,' who
will"' probably .then :': grant Russia better
terms. than' now, -when she is upheld. by
the'allies*. "While war between Russia'and
Japan , is now deferred, their conflicting
interests remain regarding North China,
and it = is 'probable that war, will -break
out between them soon after peace with
China is signed."'. ' "-
Come io War.
Belief That Russia and Japan Will
arid students of good family 'should travel
and .study in 'foreign countries; that the
entire arm v be- drilled by western meth
ods; that colleges and schools be extended,
and. that" a. standard dollar currency be
adopted.-"*- . : " . ' -...-.•
VIEWS OF . THE GERMAN PRESS.
Claims for Indemnity;^^^^^^^§^^^^ Half
Billion Dollar flark, and America Shows
Good Will by Seeking Reductions.
POWERS PLACE MILLSTONE
AROUND CHINA'S NECK IN
SHAPE OF HEAVY DEMANDS
BOERS AND BRITISH
CONTINUE TO BATTLE
AND TAKE PRISONERS
Plumer's Column Occupies New Transvaal
Capital at Pietersburg, While Republi
cans Gain Two flinor Victories.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
CAPE TOWN, April 9.— The Government reports that Scheepers' comman
do has divided. The larger portion, under Scheepers, is clinging to the
mountains on the Aberdeen-Murraysburg: road. It Is an extremely diffi
cult country to operate in. The British have kept the invaders moving
with some success. Major Multlns of Scobell's column has captured a Boer camp
near Roodeport. A patrol of the Second Brabant's Horse under Major Arbuth
not was captured in the dense bush early last week. Commandant Fouchee has
been kept moving in the Murraysburg and Richmond districts. Fouchee Is ap
parently awaiting instructions from Scheepers. He invariably declines engage
ments. Commandant Kritzinger has sent his worn out men and horses to join
Van Reenan. The latter's sub-commanders have gone west from Dreifontein to
ward the Middellburg district, where they are probably awaiting a general con
centration of forces operating In that area. A part of the invading commando
who had been driven north attempted to swim the Orange River, but failed. They
finally crossed to Ondefontein with the aid of one boat. They were attacked on
the north bank and scattered, fleeing north of the railway. They have been at
tacked in desultory fashion more than once, but without loss. General Dewet is
reported to be- west of Heilbron with Steyn. Commandant General Louis Botha,
who has been with General Dewet, has returned to the Transvaal.
LONDON, April 9.— Lord Kitchener, reporting to the War Office under date of
Pretoria, April S, says: "Plumer has occupied Pietersburg with slight opposition.
He captured two locomotives and thirty-nine trucks."
The capture of Pietersburg is regarded here as important. The place is the
termination of the Railway and has been the capital of the Boer government
since the evacuation of Pretoria. The whole Northern Railway is pow in the
hands of the British. According to Kitchener's dispatch, one officer and one man
were killed. The Boers evacuated the town during the night prior to Plumer's
arrival, after blowing up two trucks laden with ammunition.
Kitchener also reports the capture of sixteen prisoners, fifty horses and the
depot cf war stores at Bcschmans Kop, Orange River Colony.
As an offset, the commander-in-chief reports that a hundred men of the Brit
ish Lancers and Imperial Yeomanry were attacked by 400 Boers to the northward
cf Aberdeen, Cape Colony, and that after several hours' fighting the British were
surrounded and captured, with the exception of twenty-five who succeeded In
m^Lking theJr escape.
A#special from Paris says: Le Rappel, which has already published several re
markable statements as to the plans of Mr. Kruger, displays the following dis
patch from The Hague this morning: '•',.> . . ¦
"Mr. Kruger's departure for the United States has been fixed for May 31. He
will lecture In Tammany Hall about June 8 as the guest of the Democratic party."
A Berlin special says: It Is officially reported that while Dr. Steubel of the
Colonial Department of the German Foreign Office was in London a mutual agree
ment was reached between Germany and Great Britain regarding Germany's
claims to indemnity for Germans evicted from the Transvaal.
NEW ORLEANS, April 9.— The suit of the Boer representatives here against
the agents of the steamship Anglo-Australian, to prevent the shipment of mules
and horses through New Orleans to South Africa for the use of the British army,
was taken up for trial to-day before Judge Parlange in the United States Circuit
Court. General Pearson of the Boer army and a number of British army officers
were among the spectators. Depositions on the part of the defendants denied
that they were carrying munitions of war and that their vessels were not armed
to repel attacks, and declared they were engaged simply In peaceful transporta
tion purposes. Attorneys for the plaintiffs argued that the shipment of. mules
from Xew Orleans was a violation of the neutrality laws and was conducted un
der the supervision of British officers, and, as this was the base "_ of supplies,, the
court here was authorized to act. The defense claimed that they Were engaged in
legal business: that the mules were- not munitions of war and that the matter was
political and in the hands of the executive branch of the Government and with
out the jurisdiction of the courts. The court took the matter under advisement.
The steamship Anglo- Australian cleared to-day for Cape Town with 1000 mules.
EDWARD'S EMBASSADOR
IS HOOTED IN BERLIN
Great Display of Troops and Police Fails to Pre=
vent Cries of "Down With the English."
BERLIN. April 9. — At the reception to-day of the British special mission to an
nounce the death of Queen Victoria and the accession of King Edward VII, Empe
ror William wore a British Admiral's uniform, with the Order of the Garter. After
the formal ceremonies were over His Majesty conversed affably with each member
cf the mission and then conducted them to an adjacent room and introduced them
to the Empress. The members of the mission are the Emperor's guests while here.
The ceremony of conducting the mission to the palace was Imposing. The Em
r<>ror sent to fetch them three elaborately ornamented court carriages, with gor
geously liveried coachmen and lackeys. The military department escort of the
mission was from the regiment of which the late Queen Victoria was honorary
colonel.
The r*>lice were much in evidence and kept the streets clear of people a hun
dred yards above and below the Hotel Bristol and halfway across Unter den Lin
den. This precaution is said to have been taken to avoid an unusual anti-British
demonstration like that of Sunday night, when, upon the arrival of the'mlssion, a
number of persons crowded in front of the Hotel Bristol and shouted "Down with
England!" "Victory for the Boers!" which caused four or five arrests to be made.
It was the first time in the history of Prussia that such an honor as being es
corted to the palace in royal carriages was paid to an embassador. A band of music
stationed in the courtyard of the castle played "God Save the King" as the mis
sion entered. ••' •
His Majesty received the mission with great ceremony. After, the Duke of
Aberccrn had handed King Edward's autograph letter to the Emperor and the
mission had been received in audience by_ the Empress, the Duke of Abercorn and
his party were re-escorted to the Hotel Bristol by the cavalry detachment.
The commissioners did not wholly escape a demonstration of Anglophobism.
There were shouts of "Down with the English!" outside of the hotel. In spite of
the strong police force on duty Jn its vicinity.
*-l ; — «
ALL EUROPEAN LINEN
SPINNERS FORM TRUST
Gigantic Combination to Reduce the Product
and Increase the Price of- Yarn.
WASHINGTON. April 9.— Information ' concerning the formation of, what
ameants to a gigantic trust embracing every linen spinning concern on the con
tinent of Europe has reached the State Department In a report from United
States Consul Mahon at Reichenburg, Austria. For some time, says the Consul,
it has been understood that the Austrian. German and Belgian spinners of linen
thread had decided to unite in a reduction of product. From Paris has come the
news that the French spinners are also' to join in reducing the output cf the
mills. The object Is believed to be to steady, and possibly to enhance the price
of linen yarn. Makers of linen' cloth have.jduring the fall and winter, suffered
fn?m the high price of yarn, and this enormous combination will make condi
tions still worse, says the consul.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY MAY
GAIN A NOTED HISTORIAN
Professor Andrew C. TlcLaughlin Is Offered a
Place on Palo Alto Faculty.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, April 6.— The department of history is likely to be
strengthened next year by the addition to its faculty of Professor Andrew C. Mc-
Laughlin, who Is at present head of the department of American history in the
University of Michigan. It is learned that an offer was made to him some time
ago by President Jordan, and while it is at present under consideration' it is pre
sumed he will accept.
Professor McLaughlin is an authority along the lines of .United States politi
cal and constitutional history. He has been connected with the Ann Arbor Insti
tution either as student or instructor for twenty-three years, and has contributed
largely to historical literature, his best known .work being "The -" Life of -Lewis
Cars, 7 In the American Statesman series. If he ; comes to Stanford he probably
w'll have charge of the courses formerly conducted by Professor G. H. Howard.
BULLET SPEEDS DEATH
TO A MAN ABOUT TO DON
PRISON GARB FOR LIFE
Murderer of Mrs. J. J. Burns Is Slain by a
Hidden Assassin While Being Taken
to the Arizona Penitentiary.
Big Price Paid for Stock to Complete Deal in
Which Northern Roads Figure.
HILL AND ASSOCIATES
SECURE THE BURLINGTON
Mrs. Frank King to-night received a telegram from her husband, which In
formed her that Alexander had been killed, and adding, "I "did not do It." Mrs.
King had heard reports of the killing and of the arrest of t Sam King, and thought
her husband had been arrested. The Kings are well known here and highly re
spected. 1 .'
A peculiar feature of the case was the interest taken in Alexander by. two
school teachers of Yuma, who persisted In sending him roses and were active in
raising money to aid him in his defense In court. The young women were infatu
ated with Alexander and did not try to conceal it.
The crime for which Alexander was sentenced to serve life imprisonment in tha
penitentiary was one of the most bloodthirsty ever committed in the Territory. Ha
went to the ranch of Burns, south of Yuma, to serve papers ousting the Burns
family from the land, which they had cultivated and insisted upon holding. Alex
ander was a constable at Yuma at that time. He was accompanied to the ranch
by Miller and Fain, who were interested In gaining possession of the land. The
two men remained in a wagon on the road while Alexander went to the house.
The officer found that Burns was away, but Mrs. Burns and her children were in
the field close to the house. Alexander approached her and a quarrel followed.
Alexander raised his shotgun and fired, the charge entering the woman's body,
killing her instantly. Alexander went straight to Yuma and gave himself uo.-
Frank M. King is a well-known cattle man of Tucson. The King family has
a record for nerve and not one member of the family has died from natural causes.
They are a family of "gun fighters," but have always fought fairly and never
have been known to do underhand work. For this reason the friends of the
Kings here refuse to believe that one of them killed Alexander to-day.
Great excitement prevails in Yuma over the killing of Alexander. Mystery sur
rounds the whole affair and the person who fired the shot probably will never be
known. Officers are at work to-night on several clews. Those who know Sam King
here do not believe that he did the shooting, as he is not the kind of man to shoot
from behind. *He has a record for many daring deeds performed as a border rider,
in which work he was engaged many years in Arizona. Later he was engaged by
W. C. Greene, during the siege at La Camanea mining camp, in Sonora, and with.
a* force of men stood off the attacks made by opposing forces In their efforts to
gain possession of the rich mines. .. ;
" Sam King, a brother of Mrs. Burns, the woman murdered by Alexander, was
"arrested on suspicion, but no proof can be obtained that . he did the shooting.
With his brother, Frank M.. King of Tucson, he has been In Yuma attending tha
trial of Alexander. <¦ -y " '^ ,'^- ;
The King brothers have taken an active part in meting out justice to Alex
ander, Fain and Miller, who are charged with the killing of Mrs. Burns. When
Fain attempted to escape, Frank and Sam King took the trail after him, and
when they were close upon Fain, he made his way back to Yuma and gave him
self up. The Kings hold Fain and. Miller responsible for the killing, although,
the shot was fired by Alexander.
hill, where the Territorial penitentiary Is located. The rout© leads through
sage brush and mesqulte, which grows heavily. As the officers wero walking
slowly with the prisoner a rifle report was heard and a bullet struck Alexander,
mortally wounding him. He fell at the feet of the officers, without uttering a
word. No smoke could be seen by the oflicers, and there was no sign as to where
the shot came from. It was evident that the shooting was done from long range,
perhaps from some house or barn in the outskirts of the city.
Special Dispatch to The CalL :Tc r J
TUCSON, Ariz., April 9.— Joe- Alexander was this morning convicted of tha
murder of MrK J. J. Burns at Yuma and was taken before Judge Street for
sentence this afternoon. The Judge placed sentence* at Ufa imprisonment,
and Alexander was led out of the Courthouse on his journey to Prison
"WILLEMSTAD, Island of Curacoa, April 9.— Francis B. Loomis, the United
States Minister to Venezeula, sailed from La Guayra yesterday on the United
States auxiliary cruiser Scorpion, which fired a salute in his honor, the Ameri
can vessels in port saluting with their colors. .
When Loomis left Caracas, the capital", the railroad station was crowded
with people representing the best classesof the Inhabitants, showing the esteem In
which he is held. The whole diplomatic corps also assembled at the station and
expressed sympathy with Loomis. Many Porto RIcanswhom Loomis had saved
from military service were at the. station. They presented to him an address. The
private railroad car in which Loomis traveled was filled with flowers. ' No Min
ister ever left Caracas with more marked tributes of respect.
DEATH COMING NEARER
TO THE APOSTLE CANNON
Condition of the Noted Mormon Suddenly
Changes for the Worse.
MONTEREY, Aoril 9.— After a mu; h .better day than ho had spent for somo
time Apostle George Q. Cannon, the noted Mormon who has been critically ill la
this city, for the past two weeks, suddenly became -very much worse last night,
and 'since : then has been gradually sinking. At noon to-dav his physicians. Dr.
Frederick Cllft.of Sa;t Lake City and Dr. Hasford of Alameda, gave up hope and
from that time on. his death was hourly expected. "At 3:30 o'clock this afternoon
his son, H. J.- Cannon; gave out the statement that Apostle Cannon was yet alive,
but was very low. Since then there thai been very little change in bis condition.
His physicians positively deny,. the report that Mr. Cannon has any sort of
mental affection and say his trouble is complete nervous collapse, which affects
the heart action. .
MINISTER LOOMIS SAILS
FROM VENEZUELA'S SHORE
DuringHis Departure From Caracas the Amer
ican Diplomat Receives Harked Tribute.
The price of Burlington stock was made so high that on Monday, when it was
found that offer must be still further advanced, the Union Pacific interests,
which had been offered a share in the proposition, withdrew from all further con
sideration of the. matter. What Morgan's opinion will be on the matter still re
mains to. be learned, but as his chief interest is now centered in Erie, it is be
lieved that the high price will be paid. Burlington guaranteed by the Northern
Pacific for the benefit of the Erie is, Indeed, a strange proposition when calmly
considered. V •' ~
It is understood that both the Great Northern and Northern Pacific will shar<»
in issuing the collateral trust bonds, but how this matter is to be arranged could
not be learned to-day. The integrity of Burlington will, of course, not bo
changed, it continuing in much the same way as the Lake Shore does under the
New York ' Central collateral trust. Burlington shareholders will not be called
upon to take any action in the matter. The proposition will, however, have to be
submitted to the shareholders of the Great Northern and Northern Pacific, and
it will require a two-thirds vote of the stock to approve the arrangement. Of
course, with Hill's enormous holdings both of Great Northern and Northern Pa
cific, no apprehension is felt that the plan will not be approved.
' §¦ ' ¦ : — « ..-* ;
On Friday last in Boston, Hill and his associates were in conference with
leading Burlington, shareholders^ until midnight. The offer submitted at that tima
was rejected • because of the demand of the Burlington interests for some in
crease, both in the price at which bonds were to be N issued and the alternative
price on the stock'. The first point was conceded, however, but the alternative
price on the stock was not assented to until to-day.
NEW YORK, April 9.-K was definitely stated to-day that the final details of
the Burlington deal had been arranged by James J. Hill and that all that now
prevented formal announcement was a reference of the matter to J. Pierpoot
Morgan upon the r.rrival of the steamship Teutonic at Queenstown or Liverpool.
For a third time apparently the price that Hill and his associates offered for the
property has been advanced, and as it now stands, it is understood to Include an
offer, of '4% per cent collateral trust bonds, issued at $225 for each share of
Burlington stock, with an alternative offer to purchase the shares of non-assent
ing shareholders at a figure somewh it above the present selling price of the
stock.
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10, 1903.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
VOLUME LXXXIX— NO. 131.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL.I A stiff upper lip is useless when pitted
against a wagging lower jaw.
DENVER WOMAN CHARGED
WITH ELECTION -FRAUDS
Female Democrat First of Her Ser
to Be Accused of This
_ Offense. ,
DENVER, April 3.— A warrant has been
issued for the arrest of Mrs. M. A. Rat
cliffe on the charge of having willfully,
knowingly and unlawfully voted in the
wrong precinct at the late city election.
She is 36 years of age and has. two chil
dren. She was an active Democratic
worker during the campaign preceding the
city election. It Is said that she is the
first wpman arrested for an election fraud
in this country.
R. I*. Myers, a deputy internal revenue
collector, was arrested to-day on a war
rant charging him with having paid
Aaron Bearnsteln $1 for his vote. The
three judges -who accepted Beamstein's
vote one minute after the polls had legally
closed were also arrested. They furnished
bonds in the sum of $500 'each.
The Tax Reform League decided to-day
to increase its fund for the prosecution
of election frauds from $10,000 to $20,000.
Committees representing both the Repub
lican and Democratic parties are co-oper
ating with the league's work.
PUBLIC REJOICINGS MARK
MAJORITY OF A ROYALTY
The Grand Duke of Mecklenburg 1 - j
Schwerin/ Friederich Franz IV, [
Attains Twenty-First Year. " I
SCHWERIN, April 9.— The Grarfd Duke/
of - Mecklenburg-Schwerin, ; Frledrlch
Franz IV, to-day attained . his . majority,
afid made his state entry Into this .city.*
The weather was magnificent; His Royal:
Highness was received at the railroad',
station by Grand Duko Johan Albrecht,
his uncle, who has been Regent of the
Grand Duchy and the Grand Duke's
guardian during his minority, ard by a
number of princely guests. The principal'
authorities of the Grand Duchy were also'
present., . . . : .
The procession passed through the gayly
decorated streets, which were lined with
school children, to the town hall, where,
the Burgomaster delivered a speech of
welcome. The Grand Duke in reply ex
pressed his hearty appreciation of the
warm welcome accorded him. There was
a grand reception subsequently at the cas
tle, . where the official record . of- the ac
cession of the r.ew ruler was signed. .
NEW HEAD OF DEPARTMENT
OF JUSTICE SWOBN IN
Philander C. Knox, Attorney General
Griggs' Successor, Takes Oath
of Office.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— Philander C.
Knox of Pittsburg, who succeeds Attorney
General Griggs at the head of' the De
partment of Justice, was sworn In at
10:30 this morning in the cabinet room of
the White House. There were present
President McKinley; Knox's youngest
son. Philander C. Knox Jr., and Justice
Shiras of the Supreme Court, who ad
ministered the oath. Justice Shiras is an
old friend of the new Attorney General.
Knox was -accompanied to the White
House by C. O. I. Cooper, who was At
torney General Griggs' private secretary,
and who may continue with Knox. After
taking the oath Knox remained with the
President until the Cabinet assembled.
OFFICIAL NOTICE GIVEN
OF VAST STOBE COMBINE
Great Syndicate of Dry Goods Marts
Capitalized at Twenty Mil
lion Dollars. -
NEW YORK, April 9.— Official notice of
the rumored consolidation of department
stores was given to-day by J. Pierpont
Morgan & Co., who solicit subscriptions
to the stock of the Associated Merchants'
Company. The company is capitalized at
$20,000,000 and proposes to acquire dry
goods businesses or interests in this and
other cities. The prospectus states that
a one-half interest has been secured in
both the H. B. Claflln Company and ths
Adams Dry . Goods Company and that
James -McCreery & Co.'s Twenty-third
street store has been bought outright.
Coalworkers' Strike Ends.
MARSEILLES, April "9.— The coalwork
ers have decided to resume work to-day
and with this decision the prolonged
strike came finally to an end. . •
MANILA, April 9, 3:23 p. m.— Although
the officials are uncommunicative. It Is
nevertheless said that Aguinaldo signed
the peace manifesto this morning. Chief
Justice Arellano drafted the document.
Aguinaldo strongly objected ' to - two
clauses of the manifesto, and eonsiderable
argument was required to overcome his
objections.
Colonel Ababa, the insurgent leader' of
Zambalese province, with thirteen officers,
eighty-three men and nine-two rifles, sur
rendered to Lieutenant Colonel Mancil C.
Goodsell, commanding the marines sta
tioned at Olongapo on Subigr Bay. Gen
eral Malvar,' 1 with about 300 men and as
many rifles, is expected to surrender
shortly at Silang, in Cavite province.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— The Navy De
partment has received the following
cablegram from Admiral Remey, dated
Cavite, April 8, showing the size of the
insurgent force which surrendered to
Lieutenant Colonel Goodsell, on the 4th
instant, at Olongapo:
"Insurgent Colonel Ababa, thirteen offi
cers, eighty-three men, ninety-two rifles,
4000 cartridges, surrendered to- Goodsell;
311 unarmed men swore allegiance."
DUMAGUTE, Island of Negros, P. I.,
April 9. — Since the United States Philip
pine Commission was at Bacolod, the cap
ital of this island, March 21, the native
civil Governor of the island, Senor Sov
ereino, has attempted to start an Insur
rection against the establishment of the
commission's new system of civil govern
ment. He failed to secure a following.
Zambalese Insurgent Leader Wit'i
Force of Officers and Men Surren
ders to Lieutenant Colonel
Mancil C. Goodsell.
AGUINALDO SIGNS
THE MANIFESTO
Rumor That Filipino Leader
Has Yielded After Much
Ar^iinieiiL
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. N".
W.,, WASHINGTON, Aprll*9.— Lieutenant
General Miles is confident that the Cubans
will- ultimately accept the Platt amend
ment defining the relations that shall ex
ist between Cuba and the United States.
General Miles and other officials of the
War Department lay stress upon the use
of the term "substantially as follows" !>i
the preamble to the Platt amendment a3
Incorporated in the army appropriation
law. This law authorizes the President
to withdraw from the island so soon as
the Government shall have been estab
lished under a constitution, which shall
define the future relations of the United
States. In -the phrase "substantially aa
follows" the administration holds that
"substantially'-* means that while the lan
guage employed by the United States may
not be used by Cubans, yet they shall
incorporate in their constitution the es
sential points fixed upon by Congress. At
the same time the President has some
slight latitude which will enable him to
use his judgment In passing upon any
resolution which the convention is expect
ed finally to adopt.
In discussing the Cuban question Lie.i
tenant General Miles, who recently visit
ed Cuba, said to-day: ..
"I do not understand that the Cubans
have absolutely rejected the Platt amend
ment. I hope the convention will do noth
ing rash. "While in Cuba. I found some op
position to the provisions of the Pint',
amendment, but I joped and still hope
It will be modified by further considera
tion. The preamble to the Platt amend
ment provided that the relation shall bo
•substantially' as therein set forth and x
believe that the ultimate action of the
convention will be in accordance with its
terms." -; ,> ! . ¦¦ , ' .
WTLI. NOT SENTI> COMMISSION.
Cuban Convention to Appoint Com-
mittee to Meet "Wood.
HAVANA. April 9.— The Cuban constitu
tional convention to-day formally recon
sidered the vote against sending a com
mission to Washington, the final vote
standing twenty In favor of reconsidera
tion to eight opposed. The programme is
now to appoint a committee of five who
shall, in the first instance, wait upon Gov
ernor General "Wood, discuss the situation
with him, and to ask his advice regarding
the procedure necessary in the present
case at Washington.
Means That President May "Use Judg
ment in Passing on Resolutions
Expected to Be Adopted i
by Convention.
This Adverb in Amendment's
Preamble Provides for
Some Latitude.
DEFINE PLATT'S
"SUBSTANTIALLY"
»-.,,.,, • '-
quicken the young man's noblest aspirations
and call out the best that was in him. And
how worthily ha vindicated the confidence!
Senator Depew Talks. ¦/,-*
' The oration of the day was delivered by
Hon. Chauncey M. "Depew," junior United,
States Senator from New York. He
sketched the life of General Logan from
the time he entered the Mexican war as
a private until he, was made commander
of the Army of the Tennessee, in the Civil
War, characterizing him the finest ex
ample of the volunteer soldier.. In con
cluding, Senator Depew said: .. . \ , »
The most gratifying tribute to himself and
the best expression of the opinion of the volun
teer army In regard, to him was His electionas
the first commander of the Grand Army of the
Republic, and the election repeated as often as
he would accept, the 'place.- In every commun
ity in our land the leaders of • public opinion
and the dwellers in the homes of prosperity
have come from the ranks. .Among' those suc
cessful Americans in many lines who have won
and held the public eye and died mourned by
all . their countrymen, there will live In the
future in the history of the republic no nobler
figure, in peace and In war, in the pursuits
of the citizen, and in work for the welfare
of his fellow-citizens, than General" John A.
Logan. ' , ¦ ' . :¦ ; .,.-
Rev. J. C. Butler of this citypronounced
the benediction. The assemblage then dis
persed. . . • .
The statue of 'General Logan has been
turned over to the people, of- the United
States and. now has become one of the
greatest monuments of the national cap
ital. V- ¦ . • ' ' -¦ ""¦- ¦. .
¦ Description of the Statue.
- The equestrian statue. of Logan repre
sents seven years of labor in the quarry
of Franklin Simmons, the sculptor, and
marks a departure In sculpture in Wash
ington in that it. rests upon a pedestal of
bronze. Congress appropriated $50,000 for
the statue and $15,000 was contributed by
the Grand Army of the - Republic. The
pedestal is twenty feet high. On its west
face is a group representing General Lo
gan - in consultation with leading officers
in the Army of the Tennessee. In this
group are portrait bronzes of Generals
Dodge, Hazen. Slocurn, Leggett Mower
Blair and Captain Strong.**. ¦Oh the east
face of thepedestal is a. group represent
ing General Logan taking the oath as
United States Senator, which is being ad
ministered by Vice President Arthur In
this group are portrait. bronzes of Sena
tors Cullom. Evarts. Conkling. Morton
Miller, Voorhees and Thurman. The south
front cf the pedestal is embellished with
an allegorical figure of war arid the north
with another of peace. ": The equestrian
statue rises above tlio pedestal fourteen
and a : half feet. General Logan, facing
south, is ,• represented as riding along a
line of battle,. his. horse moving forward
at a gentle ,trot.- his hat.-on and sword
drawn. The statue \ produces an Impres
sion of dignity, beauty and power. Hum
bert, late King of Italy, after a private
view of the. monument, knighted Mr
Simmons. .„ ¦ . ... ; . . ... ¦ ¦
then unveiled amid great applause and
the Fourth Artillery band rendered "Co
lumbia, Gem of the Ocean."
¦ At the moment of the unveiling a sec
tion of the 'Fourth Artillery fired a na
tional salute, on the White lot, south of
the executive mansion. .
President McKihley.'s. Tribute.
' President McKinley received , an ovation
as he was introduced * and it was some
time :¦ before he could begin his remarks..
He spoke as. follows: ' • ~ - ~ , ' . • • i
;My fellow-citizens— It is a good token when
patriots | -are honored and patriotism exalted.
Monuments which express the nation's grati
tude for great deeds inspire great deeds. The
statue unveiled to-day proclaims our country's,,
appreciation of one of her heroic sons whose
name is dear to the American people, the ideal
volunteer soldier of two wars, the eminent Sen
ator and commoner, - Genenal John A. Logan.
• General Logan's career was unique. His dis
tinction does -not-: rest upon his - military
achievements alone. His services in the Legis
lature of his own State, in the national House
of Representatives and in the Senate, of the
United States, would have, given him an equally
conspicuous place in > the annals of the coun
try. He was great in the forum and in the
field. >
Some names instantly suggest a sentiment.
That of Logan stands for exalted patriotism.
This avas the key of his success. Party politics
to him were nothing when the Union: was in
danger. *•' ¦ . . : \
Logan was never half-hearted. An 'intense
, patriot, he was also an intense partisan. He
1 was forceful in the Senate, as • he was un
daunted in battle. He had convictions and
followed them to their conclusion at any cost.
He was "never a trimmer nor a laggard: He
despised duplicity, was the soul of frankness
and always at the front in every struggle,
civil or military, during the years of his event
ful life. He was a leader from boyhood, the
recognized I captain amqng his youthful associ
ates. His integrity was pronounced and served
him > well, as Integrity will serve every' man
who has and keeps it. His success was found
ed on good character, unfailing* sincerity, high
cpurage and unremitting industry.
With; Highest Military. Honors.
He camfl-out of the war with the highest
military honors of the volunteer soldier. Bril
liant in battle and strong ill military council,
his was also the true American spirit, for when
the war was ended he was quick and eater to
return to the peaceful, pursuits of civil life.
"While a' strict disciplinarian, he was yet be
loved by all his men. No duty was too hazard
ous for them to ' cheerfully undertake and no
sacrifice was too great for them to undergo
when I he I commanded. He was not ' only con
siderate and tender of the soldiers whom he
led -but" generous and courteous 'to his brother
officers. , • ¦ • , - ¦ '¦¦".'-; - ¦ - •'¦ :.
, As a popular orator, his voice has been heard
in every State and Territory of the union, al
ways for his country and for the flag he loved,
i The highest . eulogy ever paid him was paid
him by his father. The latter, in his will di
vided his property between his- widow and chil
dren 1 equally, except for— and I quote from the
will— "John Alexander, whose marked abilities
are such that he can provide for himself and
aid his mother, if necessary. -This provision is
not, made from want of affection.- but because
of • unbounded confidence in his future state.' ;.
What a remarkable ' tribute from father to
son! -That expression of faith was enough to
If You Have ;- Dyspepsia
Send no money, but write Z.;i-.rshoDp,Racine,Wi8.,
bdxl37,for six bottles of Dr.Shoop-'s'Restoratlva;
express paid. If cured.pay J5.50— If not.lt is freo»
BARS OF GOLD VANISHED .
. .. ; ; . FROM KAISER . -WILHELM
Deep Sea Mystery Which May Never
\ Be Solved Develops on :.
Liner. ... .? ;
CHERBOURG, France,' April 9.— On the
arrival here to-day of . the North German
Lloyd, .steamer Kaiser. •¦ Wilhelm -der
Grosse, 'Captain: Engelhart. from New
York,. April 2, it"«ra.s announced that three
gold bars, worth ;£4000 eacn, had been
stolen during the voyage.' ;¦ * -¦
• All: the' baggage landed here was ex
amined with the utmost care by the cus
toms officers ' and detectives, but the gold
was , not. : discovered. . One hundred and
fifty passengers landed for Paris and sev
eral "-.., detectives • traveled in the special
train- with them. - • - -
President Angell spoke on "General Grant
in the Orient" and Bishop' Dudley ; deliv
ered the principal address of the evening.
It had .been expected that Justive Har
lan of the United Stages Supreme Court
would be one of the speakers,, a3 well as
Congressman Francis W. Cushman of
Washington, .but they were unable'to be
present. ; : * > ¦'- '
fEire Destroys Ironworks.
BERLIN. April 9.— The big iron works
at'Ooynhausen were 'destroyed by lire to
day, the damage reaching 500,000- marks.
The fire Is believed to have been of In
cendiary orlfeln.-.^"'. r- : ¦..¦¦'¦' '"'•¦ ' •-¦-:
WASHINGTON, April 9.— The
heroic bronze equestrian statue
of 'Major General Jphn A. Lo
gan, which rests on an impos
ing bronze pedestal in Iowa
circle, was unveiled to-day in the pres
ence of the President, the Cabinet, the
widow and relatives of the gallant" soldier,
many of his comrades in arms and a vast
multitude of people. The sculptor, Frank
lin Simmons, who was knighted by King
Humbert of Italy as a tribute to the, ar
tistic character of the work, was also
present. Master George Tucker, a grand
son of the honored warrior, pulled the
unveiling cord at 2:45 o'clock. 'The. folds
of the large American flag fell away and
the dashing figure of "Black Jack'V.Lo
gan, seated on his charger, 3 stood*' re
vealed, amid a roar of cheering 'that
echoed far down the intersecting streets
and avenues. The President' and members
of the Cabinet had been escorted; to the
statue by a military parade under com
mand of Colonel Francis I. Guenther of
the Fourth United States 'Artillery.;'- The
processio'n included-.detachmentaifrbrh the
artillery and infantry arms of the. regular
army, a battalion, of marines and a, com
pany of seamen from the navy yard, a
provisional regiment of the District of
Columbia militia, members of j the Socie
ties of the Armies of the Tennessee and
the Cumberland and members' of the local
veteran association. .,,>'' -¦.¦;•.< • .-
Mrs. Logan Is Present.
Mrs. John A. Logan and -other relatives
sat upon a platform at "the base of the
monument. Mrs. Logan has been quite ill
wfth the grip recently, but was able to
be present.. Among those with her were
Thomas A. Logan of Murphysboro, 111.,
a brother of General Logan: Miss M. E.
Logan, a niece; S. K. Cunningham, Lo
gansboro; ¦ Logan Tucker of Chicago, a
grandson, and Miss Tucker,; Mrs. George
Ml Pullman of Chicago, and the personal
servant of Major John A, Logan Jr., who
was with the latter when he was killed
in' the Philippines.
The President and his Cabinet and other
distinguished guests occupied - a flag
draped stand opposite the platform, while
in another stand extending around the
monument were other guests, Including
many of General Logan!s pld comrades;
representatives of ¦ John A. -Logan Post,
G. A. R., of St. Louis; the Logan Republi
can Club of Brooklyn and the Logan Club
of Philadelphia.
General Grenvllle A. Dodge, who Is tne
only living ¦ general represented in the
group on the bronze pedestal .showing
General Logan in council of war with his
commanding officers, presided over the
ceremonies. He paid a high personal trib
ute to the dead chieftain and after the In
vocation had been offered by Rev/ Frank
Bristol, introduced the sculptor,- Mr. Sim
mons, to the assemblage. The statue was
ANNIVERSARY OI\ APPOMATTOX
'CELEBRATED BY HAMILTONS
Members of the Club Fittingly Com
memorate, Day of Lee's
• Surrender.
CHICAGO, April 9.— The anniversary of
the surrender of General'Lee at 'AppomaU
tax was celebrated by trYe. Hamilton- Club
this -evening at an elaborate', banquet "to
which 3500 invitations 'were issued and of
which two-thirds were accepted. The din
ner, which was held at ¦ the Auditorium
Hotel, ' was one | of the ..most .-pretentious
affairs ever, given by the J Hamilton ; CIud.
The chief speakers of the eyenine ware
BlshopDudleyxOt Kentucky .and President
Angell of the University of Michigan.
PUGILIST CO NLBY, CHARGED
WITH AIDING A MURDER
"Ithaca Giant" Said to Have Caused
the Death of Telegraph , -\
Operator. ( i;£^9M
CINCINNATI. April 9.— MikeCdnWjr; the
former pugilist, known as -the ;**Ithaca
Giant," was arrested to-day charged "with
being Implicated in the murder • of- Tele
graph Operator Charles D. JMldea, who
died from the effects of a fractured skull
received In a fight in Bob O'Brien's saloon
early Sunday morning. On the advice of
his attorney, Conley refused to testify be
fore Coroner Schwab to-day.
David Swltchwell. a waiter, testified that
he saw Conley strike Gildea. Bob O'Brien,
the proprietor of the saloon, denied
Switchwell'? statement. Conley says he is
Innocent. He pays he was in the saloon
at the time of the fight, but he did not hit
Gildea
FAMILY BURIED BENEATH
SLIDING DEBRIS OF MINE
Avalanche of Rock Undermined by
Snow Completely Crushes House
and Inmates.
CRIPPLE CREEK. Coin., April ' 9.—
News ha? just reachr-d here that the fam
ily of James Smith, consisting of the
father and mother and four children.. were
instantly killed in their home this evening
by the sliding of tbe huge dump of the
Granite mine in this district. The Smith
residence was located just below the base
of the dump. The recent snows had soft
ened the dump so that the top suddenly
slid down, crushing the house and bury
ing its inmates. Hundreds of men are
now digging away the dirt and rock, but
It is not thought possible that any of the
victims will be found alive.
Changes at Ascot.
LONDON. April 10.— Great changes are
contemplated at Ascot Heath. The royal
inclosure will be abolished and two race
meetings will be held annually instead of
one. King Edward wiil transfer his breed
ing stud to Ascot. His Majesty Intends
to increase his racing stud largely and to
maintain the tradition that racing is the
"sport of kings." ;¦-
BIG^ FIGURE PAID FOR
BEAUMONT OIL PROPERTY
Capitalists Secure Texas Western
Company's Plant, Including
Famous Beatty Gusher. •
BEAUMONT. Texas, April 9.— The larg-
est sale ever consummated in the Beau
mont oil district took place to-day when
$1,250,000 was paid for the property of the
Texas Western Oil Company, formerly the
Southwestern Oil Company, of Corsleana.
The buyers get the Beatty. gusher, which
has, a, producing capacity of 7000/barreIs
a. day. The sale was effected by Charles
D. Pullen of New York City for" capital
ists headed by R. L. Henry of Chicago:
Sampson Gets His Money.
WASHINGTON, April 9.-The United
States . Court of Claims has rendered a
judgment in favor of Admiral Sampson
for $3330, as a bounty growing out of tha
engagements at Manzanillo and Nipa Bay
in Cuba, during the Spanish-American
war. The court also rendered a judgment
In favor of Fleet Captain Chadwick, who
participated in*, these engagements.
Lord Chancellor* .Will Rssignl
LONDON. April \ 10.— The .'¦ Dally Mall
says -It is understood that the Earl of
Halsbury , is about . to resign \ the post of
Lord Chancellor and that- he will be suc
ceeded by Baron Alverttone. Lord "Chief
Justice of England. • ? « , ', ' -
FIFTH-A VENUE TRUST
COMPANY GETS DECISION
Mrs. Helen Hall Loses Suit and Gil
man's Deposit Goes to Ad-
ministr ators. . ¦
NEW YORK, April 9.— Justice Truax, In
the Supreme Court to-day, granted an ap
plication of the Fifth-avenue Trust Com
pany, which corporation Is the defendant
In an action brought against it by Mrs.
Helen Hall to recover $14,150 deposited by
the late George Gilman during the year
1900, to turn over the money to Theophllus
Gilman and Edward F. Norton, the tem
porary administrators of the Gilman es
tate. , ...
It was claimed by Mrs. Hall that the
money belonged to her, but the trust com
pany alleged it had been deposited in Gil
man's nafne and should, therefore, be
handed over to the administrators and
dealt with according to the decision of the
court: - ' i ¦ •..;.,.•. r ' ?. -; %
Application- was made to Justice Smith
in the Supreme Court of Brooklyn to-day
for the appointment of a commissioner to
inquire into the alleged insanity of Anna
K. Gilman, 63 years of age, now under re
straint for lunacy in Brooke House, Upper
Clapton, London, England.. Her brother,
Frazier Gilman of Brooklyn, made the ap
plication. She is a sister and one of the
heirs" of. the late tea merchant, George
Francis Gilman.
SPEEDY GOLDSBOROUGH
¦ . 4 - BEATS* ALL RECORDS
Buns 30.84 Knots Per Hour Over
Measured Mile in Standard
izing Trials. •
WASHINGTON, April 9.— So far as the
standardizing trial goes, the torpedo boat
Goldsborough is believed to have broken
all American records. A dispatch received
at the Navy Department from Lieutenant
Commander Peters of the Naval Trial
Board, dated Seattle, yesterday, reads:
"Goldsborough standardizing trials com
pleted to-day, over measured mile: aver
age speed, 30.84 knots.; Official trial prob
ably Thursday. '-'
The standardizing trials are over shorter
distances than the regular official speed
trials, which reo.uire the boats to run
steadily for two hours.
NEW YORK CONGREGATION
GAVE A SWELL FORTUNE
Collection in Grace Church on Easter
Sunday Produces One Hun-
AT/TCE NEILSON SCOBES
' GREAT LONDON SUCCESS
dred Thousand Dollars.
NEW YORK, April 9.— Rev. W. R. Hunt
ing-ton, rector of Grace Church, has made
public the fact that nearly $100,000 was
collected in that church on Easter Sun
day. *This is the largest single collection
in the history of the church, and the fea
ture of it-was that it was not the result
of any special pleading or of a "giving
service," but was a spontaneous giving by
members of the congregation who knew
that Dr." Huntington desired a large sum
of money for a proposed enlargement of
church work.
Star and Her Associates in the "For
tune Teller" Warmly
Received.
LONDON, April 10.— London gave an en
thusiastic welcome to . the "Fortune
Teller," which was produced last evening
at the Shaf tesbury Theater by- the Alice
Neilson Opera Company. Every detail of
the production received cordial* approval
rfrom an overflowing audience. Miss Neil
son, whose first appearance in England it
was, won an • instantaneous triumph.
Joseph Gawthorne, Eugene Cowles and
i Alexander Clark made hits. , rr^.
Governor Allen Says the
"Petition Was Work of a
Malcontent.
PORTO RICANS
NOT STARVING
Tacts Will Show That. Conditions on
the Island Were Not Truth
fully Set Before the
President. "
¦ ¦ —
Special Dispatch to The . Call.
CALL* BUREAU, 1406 G STREET, N.
W., WASHINGTON, April 9.— Governor
Charles H. Allen of Porto Rico was asked
to-day to make a statement to The Call
regarding a petition said to emanate from
the workingmen of Pcrto Rico, asking .the
President for work and asserting that the
inhabitants of the island were at the point
of starvation. -i» ..... .
"I have not seen the original petition,"
replied Governor Allen, "but a copy of it
came to me my mail this morning from
the Secretary of Porto, Rico, who said
that he understood it was the work of a
malcontent who has been consistently op
posing the American administration ever
since our occupation of the island and
that any number of signatures could be
added to the petition in the office where
it was written. I think it would be com
paratively easy to secure signatures to a
petition asking for government aid where
such aid had been so generously dis
tributed.
: "The conditions described in the petition
are not truthfully stated. Facts will show
that more persons are employed in Porto'
Rico to-day than ev»ir before, except when '
the Government relief work was at its
height. • The United States Government
has already distributed $1,250,000 to. work
ers on the public roads and the army, dis
tributed 32,000,00.) pounds of food in.tha
island.
"My San Juan informant Is inclined to
attribute the present agitation to Munoz
Rivera, who has been the leader of the
opposition to the American administra
tion. He is the man who compelled hi3
party to indorse Mr. Bryan in the last
election. ; <
"Civil government is * established in
Porto Rico. Much has been accomplished
and every day marks fresh progress. If
the people can be relieved of their agi
tators and allowed to workout their, dwn
salvation and American capital with the
thrift and energy. which follow it be di
rected toward Porto Rico, with the as
surance that it will be welcome and given
an adequate return, then indeed will come
the prosperity and development which
every American citizen hopes for every
dweller under the American flag.'.'
XEW YORK, April 9.— A feature of the
examination of Valet Jones In to-day's ses
e!on of the hearing concerning the death
cf William Marsh Rice, the Texas mil
lionaire, was a line of questioning, which
led to a heated scene at the nocm rece«s
between Attorney Moore, who represents
Lawyer Patrick, and Assistant Distnct
Attorney Osborne.
Ktte 'caiise of- the -dispute was Mr; Os-
Ixsrnc's success in wringing- from. : VaJet
Jones certain agralnst Patrick.
Frederick House is one of Patrick^, law
yers. Previous to Jones' turning State's
evidence House represented the. valet also
By a ruling cf the court Osborne was al
tawed to ask the witness what he, and
Patrick had told their lawyer at the &c<t
interview In the Tombs. Jones replied
tfiat It was a complete confession of mur
<ler. differing not at all from his story at
the hearing. . ' : ¦' ¦ " ' M '
Purlng ail the long cross-examination of
Jones, which ended only an hour before
' recess, Moore made It apparent that his
pledge-hammer questions were- all fllrect
ed at one point. He sought to show that
Jones' story was concocted at the insti
gation of some of the men Interested in
disproving- the second Rice will. He laid
special stress upon Jones' conversations
with Captain Baker, executor of the first
will. The cross-examination was full of
insinuations a"nd recriminations against
J6nes, Mr. Osborne and Mr.' Battle, the
latter Jones' special counsel.
When at Jast Moore said, ""We- are
through with the witness." Osborne. in re
buttal asked quietly: "Jones, to whom did
you first tell the stcry of ycur having
chloroformed Rice? I mean the story, you
told here?" . , '. '
''To House," was the reply.
The question apparently "was a surprise.
House flushed and looked hard at the
table. Patrick tugged at his beard and
Moore sprang to- his feet. '• v .-¦ ¦ • .'-">'
. "We object to that question," he shout
ed. "We have some rights T 'in this court.
Anything the witness said to -his counsel
Involves the prisoner. It is a professton.il
confidence which must not be revealed "
But Justice Jerome only said: "Objec
tion overruled," and Jones then described
at length his first interview with House
in the Tombs counsel-room. On Patrick'^
advice he had told the truth, he said. "I
told House that I murdered Rice." eal«l
Jones. "I told him. that I gave him mer
cury pills, where I got the chloroform and
all about it."
"Did you tell him about the oxalic
acid?"
"Yes."
"And what did House say?"
"He told Patrick that it would not do
for him to put all the blame op me; that
he was as much in it as I was."
Osborne brought out the fact that the
talk •with House occurred several . days
before the District Attorney had the faint
est idea that the prisoner would make a
confession.
"What did Patrick say to House?" Os
borne asked.
"Why. he explained that . we had put
Rice out cf the way because the drafts
were coming due from Texas," said Jones.
JONES' ANSWER
PROVES A BOMB
Valet . Secretary Declares
House First Heard Chlo
roform Story.
Latter Is Patrick's Attorney and De
fense's Efforts at Showing Con
fession. Fake Are Exploded
by the Beply.
THE { SAN , FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APHIL 10 ,1901.
Unveiling of the Heroic Bronze Equestrian Statue of
the Gallant Soldier and Statesman.
MULTITUDE HONORS MEMORY
OF BRAVE "BLACK JACK" LOGAN
EQUESTRIAN STATUE OF GENERAL JOHN A. LOGAN, WHICH WAS UNVEILED AT WASHINGTON YESTER
DAY. IT REPRESENTS SEVEN YEARS OF LABOR IN THE QUARRY OF FRANKLIN SIMMONS; THE
. SCULPTOR, AND IT RESTS UPON A PEDESTAL OF, BRONZE TWENTY FEET HIGtt . . ,.
2
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRADFORD
QUICKSILVER MINE
San Benito County*
SILVER CREEK
QUICKSILVER MINE
Santa Clara County.
Having bought and developed these mines
during the past three years, and now desiring;
to bnild expensive furnaces,, we offer to the
public the balance of the Treasury Stock,
about 40.000 shares In each company, on the
following terms:
IX BUYS TWO SHARES, ONE IN" EACH
MIXE.
No stock sold unless equal amount is taken
in each company.
Both mines under one management
VAST QUANTITIES OF RICH ORE AI*-
KEADY DEVELOPED.
DIVIDENDS WILL, BE PAID AS SOON A3
FURNACES ARE RUNNING. !
Quicksilver mines are the most permanent
snd profitable of all mines; • these counties
have produced over $100,000,000 worth of quick-
silver.
Let us show you these mines, and Judge for
yourself.
We guarantee to pay all assessments on this
stock for five years.
The money obtained from the sales of stock
will be used in the construction of Scott Fur-
naces and developments, which will Imme-
diately raise the price of the stock.
H. R. BRADFORD,
President and General Manager,
7 North Market street. 'SAN JOSE, CAI*
Prospectus at branch office,
209 Sansome street. San Francisco. '
H. I* COFFIN & F. DE FREITA3. Agents.
SHBSBfv. two QVAUTiEs_^>SgE£g 3
Illii Us
DR.MEYERS&CO. ;
Specialists, DIs- §3^ r '.
ease and Weakness #&ill \^Jt
of men. Estab- ZffSf •^Ssfo^*?*
llshed 1881. Consul- W&t f^SrW^
tatlon and private* vm>, I /^JlI
book free, at offlca Sda n 4rcW?J
or by mall. Cures Vfflh&MSSP
guaranteed. 7U1 JoS/liSSQ-Via
Market street <ef£ I^MmMs
v a t o r entrance), ,Jr V ffl\s8*2Tii&».
San Francisco.
H^-^JV D ,__ Orl * in »» »¦"! Only Genuine.
-«& *S T&3 n tt Waeril)t > on - Take ¦•other. Retan
> /./ m *}•¦•• 5"J "I 7<"> r Druggist, or wa4 4e. to
-\L^ P n «¦"! Mall. 1 0.O0O TeJumoauE i g3d2T
I DR.PIERCES
GOLDEH
MEDICAL'
BBSCOVERY
-«- '~ FOR THE
[ BLOOD.iaVER.UJrVGS.
RRTTQW17Q FOR BARBERS. BAK.
DI&U OrLEiDers. bootblacks, bath-
— '. ' " houses, billiard, tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canaera.
dyers, ¦ flonrmllls. foundries. " laundries, paper-
langers, printers, painters, shoe factories, sta-
blemen, • tar- roof ers, tanners tailors, etc
.: BUCHANAN BROS.
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacramento St
DR. CROSSMAN'S
SPECIFIC MIXTURE
For the Cnr>a of Gonorrhoea. Gleets,
Strictures and analogous complain f
.?' } bo °r£ M * of Generation.
Price ' $l" a" bottle.' ' For sale by druggists.
;. To. Prevent Pneumonia and Grip.
Laxative Bromo-Quinine removes the cause! •
Spring
Cleaning
You are made aware of the neces-
sity for. cleansing your blood in the
spring by humors, eruptions and other
outward signs of impurity.
Or. that dull headache, bilious, nau-
seous, nervous condition and that tired
feeling are due to the same cause-
weak, thin, impure, tired blood.
America's Greatest ' Sprinjr Medicine
is Hood's Sarsaparilla.
It makes the blood rich and pure,
cures scrofula and salt rheum, gives a
clear, healthy complexion, good appe-
tite, sweet sleep, sound health. .
• ; For cleansing the blood the best medi-
cine money can buy is
Hood's
Sarsapari lla
It is Peculiar to' Itself.- ;;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BRAIN FOOD
Is of Little Benefit Unless It Is Di-
gested. . h;iru
; Nearly every one will admit that as
a nation we eat too much meat and too
little of vegetables and the grains.
For business men. office men and clerks,
and in fact every one engaged In seden-
tary or indoor occupations, grains; milk
and vegetables are much more healthful.
Only men engaged in a severe outdoor
manual la.bnr can live on a heavy meat
diet and continue In health. ¦ ". , . . .
As a general rule, meat once a day is
sufficient for all classes of men,, women
and children, and grains, fruit 'ar/d yege- '
tables should constitute the bulk*df food
eaten.
But many of the most nutritious foods
are difficult of digestion and it is :of no
use to advise brain workers to ear large-
ly of grains and vegetables where the
.digestion is too weak to assimilate them
i properly.
It Is always best to get the best re-
sults from our food that some simple and
harmless digestive should be taken after
meals to assist the relaxed digestive or-
gans, and several years' experience have
- proven Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets to be
a very safe, pleasant and effective dl-
?restive and a remedy which may be taken
daily with the best results.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets can hardly
be called a patent- medicine, .as they do
not act on the bowels nor any. 1 particular
organ, but only on the food eaten. Thefr
supply wHat weak . stomachs lack pep-
sin diastase, and by stimulating the gas-
tric glands Increase the natural secretion
'of hydrochloric acid. V
People who make a- a dally practice' of
taking one or two of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets after each meal are sure to have
perfect digestion, -which means perfect
health.
There is no danger of forming an .In-
jurious habit, as the tablets contain ab-
solutely nothing but natural" digestives-
cocaine, morphine and similar drugs have
no place in a stomach medicine . and
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are jcerfaihly
the best known and most popular of all
stomach remedies.
.Ask your druggist "for a 50-cent '"pack-
age of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, and
after a week's use note the improvement
in health, appetite and nervous energy.Miss Carolyn Isabelle Bias Becomes
ths Bride of the San Pran
. ciscan.
SANTA CRUZ, April 9.— The marriage
of Miss Carolyn Isabelle Bias and Edward
McPherson was solemnized this morning
at the home of the bride's parents on Rln
con terrace. The home had been beauti
fully-decorated for the, occasion. The
bridal party were preceded by the . flower
children, Mildred Brown of San Jose and
Jackson Bias Crooks of San Francisco.
The officiating clergyman was Rev. J. R.
Knodell , of the Congregational church.
' The bride is, the daughter of County
Treasured Bias and has always resided in
this city. The groom is Superintendent of
Cypress Lawn cemetery in San Francisco.
They will make San Francisco their home.
EDWARD McPHERSON
. WEDS AT SANTA CBUZ
Springfield left his two boys, aged 6 and
18 respectively, behind. The elder is now
taking care of Miss Kershaw's orchard,
and will make his home with his cousin.
The ¦ other Is working for a farmer. The
boys say that they know nothing of their
father's flight except that he has gone
East. They are not worrying.
Attorney Murphy, for Mrs. Springfield,
will file papers to-morrow morning bring
ing suit against Miss Kershaw for dam
ages for having alienated the minister's
affections. Other charges of a criminal
nature may be brought. The lawyer says
Springfield will be arrested and returned
to California. Mrs. Springfield is greatly
excited over the turn of affairs, and says
she will j have him • arrested wherever he
may be found. She and her lawyer be
lieve Springfield fled to escape the result
of the suit,- which comes up next week.
. Mrs. Springfield's action is for separate
maintenance, she not having lived in the
State long enough to sue for divorce.-
"I do not I never expect. to see him
back here again," she answered decisive
ly, thoug-h without any indication that a
personal disagreement between them had
hastened his going. She expected he
woulil locate somewhere back East, but
she declared she would never hear from
him. He had not confided to her any of
his .plans for the future. When the case
against him is ended he might go back
to the ministry. She did not seem to care
much about the suit brought against him,
but said it was useless for his wife to try
to get damages from a man who had noth
ing. ..... .
The young, lady said he had gone be
cause he deemed It best to give gossipers
'no more food for scandal.
"Do you believe he will return?" was
asked.
"I do not know where he has gone,"
Miss Kershaw said to The Call corre
spondent. "He quit working for me last
week, and I don't -know where he is. He
said he was going East, but I don't know
how far he intended to go. Perhaps. he
has gone as far as Pennsylvania. 1 can
not say positively," as he did not tell me."
LODI. April 9,-Rev. "W. H. Springfield
has disappeared. He departed on Friday,
but the fact that he would not return did.
not become known until to-day. Miss
Frances Kershaw,: Mrs. Springfield's
niece, with whom the clergyman eloped
from the Kast, declares that he left In
order to put an end to the scandal that
has involved her name with his. Since
their arrival here Rev. Mr. Springfield has
acted as manager of her fruit farm.
ated to Check Scandal's
Tongue.
Speclal Dispatch to The Call.
Niece With Whom He Eloped to Cali
- fornia Says They Have Separ
Rev. W.H. Springfield Sud
denly Departs for the
East.
PASTOR FLEES
FROM THE LAW
Appointments and Orders Issued
From the Departments at -
Nation's Capital.
WASHINGTON, April 9.— The following
postofflces have. been established: Oregon —
Viola C. Bell, Tallman. • "Washington-
Axel Vester, 'Hayes. Postmasters have
been appointed as follows: California— J.
D. Graves, Peegum, Tehama County; vice
T i# D. Graves, resigned.
" Army orders issued— Captain David S.
Stanley, -quartermaster, is relieved from
duty as quartermaster on transport Sedg
wick at New York, and will proceed to
San Francisco for duty as quartermaster
acting commissary on the transport War
ren.
Fensions were issued to-day as follows:
Original— John Cox, La Crescenta, $8"
Restoration and increase — Nathan A.
Coleman, dead, Pomona, $12. Increase-
Frank Clemmens, Los Angeles, $8.
Original widows— Emily L. Coleman, Po
mena, $8; Rachel- M. Burnett, .Murrieta,
$S. War with Spain— Original— Albert L.
Domlo, Comptche, $12. ¦
Oregon— Mexican war widows— Susy A.
Gregg, Deer Island, $8. AVashington—
Original widows — Cecelia Hill, East
Sound, $S. , -
The following patents were issued to
day: Richard N. Bailey, San Mateo, as
signor to G. G. Wickson, San Francisco,
fruit grader: Carl Buhner, San Francisco,
box sofa bed; John G. Busch." Potter Val
ley, grate; Andrew S. Hallidie, deceased,
M. E. Hallidie, San Francisco, executrix,
conveyor for ropeways; Arthur R. Hamil
ton, H. T. Hollingsworth and A. L. Per
ley, Los Angeles, wave .motor; Espiridion
Hipolito and A« Mastin, Los Angeles, win
dow screen; Newman Jensen, Eureka,
polyphone attachment; John Killefer, Los
Angeles, clamp or fastening for cultivator
teeth; Samuel H. Nesblt, Los Angeles,
nshing* tackle; Nathan -D. Newman, H.
Franklin, San Francisco, and F. Rosen
stein, Los Angeles, reversible glove; Dan
iel Schuyler, San Diego, assignor to" Per
fect Sliding Door Company, Los Angeles,"
automatic sliding door opener; E. Charles
Smith, Oroville, assignor one-half to C.
Kciser, Oakland, lock; same, knob attach
ment; William J. Woolsey, San Francisco,
motor .-carriage. '
. Oregon— Jesse P.Flaugher. husking pin;
Ida N. Lachner, Baker City, vehicle de
vice for hitching horses. •
j Washington— Samuel Nixon, Clyde;'har
vester reel. • '. _ - .'¦¦ .. -..¦•.
Tries to Kill Sis "Wife.
PHOENIX. Ariz., April 9.— John' Frielo,
a dancing teacher at Prescott, made a
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE -
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Those interested In the contest set up
the* charge that undue influence. had been
used with Frue in the making of the
deed and the will, and also that at the
time the instruments were, made he was
totally Incompetent to comprehend his
acts.
It is said a compromise has been reach
ed and that Mrs. Frue will settle with ner
husband's creditors. In lieu of this
the contest was dismissed.
SAN JOSE, April 9.— The contest over
the estate of William B. Frue, the mil
lionaire mining man, who died here on
December 2, has been abandoned by Pub
lic Administrator Kell, and letters of ad
ministration will now be granted to John
H. Suits, a brother of Mrs. Frue. A dis
missal of the contest was filed to-day. *
Sensational features were promised in
the contest. Shortly after Frue's death
a deed transferring all his property, real
and personal, to his wife was filed for
record. Frue. who was a son of W. B.
Frue, the inventor of the concentrator
bearing his name, was estimated to pos
sess nearly a million dollars. This had
been inherited from his father and, be
sides a ranch in Monterey County, his
wealth consisted principally of bonds and
securities. He left a number of creditors,
who, fearing they would suffer ' through
the deeding of his property' to his wife,
prevailed upon Public Administrator
Kell to apply for letters of administration.
As soon' as this step was taken Mrs. Frue
produced a will in court, by which the
entire estate was left to her, it being
stated the testator was satisfied that she
would care for their only son, a boy of
seven years. It was asked that John H.
Suits, her brother, be granted letters of
administration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
William B. Frue's Widow
Gets. Possession of His |
Estate.
FREE TO HANDLE
HUSBAND'S GOLD
SAX RAFAEL. April 9.— This coun
ty lost a prominent citizen yester
day when William J. Ketler died
at his home in Larkspur.; Mr.
Ketler was a nephew of the well
known pioneer, J. C. Beideman. and upon
the death of the latter fell heir to his
large estate.
While never engaged in commercial pur
suits Mr. Ketler was well known in busi-
ness circles In San Francisco. About ten
years ago he became interested In some
mining properties in j Calaveras County,
but he disposed of his Interests several
years ago. A widow and five children
survive him.
Mr. Ketler was a native of St. Louis.
The funeral will take place from St.
Raphael's Church in this city to-morrow
at 2 o'clock.
desperate effort to kill his wife last night,
cutting her. badly and choking her nearly
to death. Neighbors Interfered and Frielo
was jailed. The woman .will recover.
Low Bates — Improved Service.
$10 35, San Francisco to Los Angeles, for
first cabin passage, including meals and
ber^h. -Only twenty-six; hours en • route.
Steamer Santa ¦ Rosa . or Queen - from
Broadway wharf V every Sunday and
Wednesday, stopping only at Santa' Bar
bara. Pacific ¦ Coast Steamship Company,
office' 4 New Montgomery street,- under
Palace Hotel. ,C : -¦.,>»--.,.-- ' !
Santa : Rosa Cairnery Burned.
SANTA ROSA, April 9.— Fire at noon to
day destroyed the Rose cannery, east of
this city.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
action of the police department this after
noon three poolrooms of this city were
closed at the same time and everybody
connected with the running of them
placed under arrest. This coup d'etat on
the part of Chief Elton was wholly un
expected by the managers and everything
was running fullblast when the several
t-quads detailed for the raid swooped down
upon the resorts simultaneously.
The following were arrested: George D.
Common and his five assistants; C. J.
Black and three assistants; F. D. Black
and three assistants. The prisoners were
released on bail, the three managers de
positing $100 bail each and their employes
giving cash deposits of $50 apiece.
LOS AXGELES, April 9.— By concerted
POLICE SWOOP DOWN
UPON THE POOLROOMS
THE LATE WILLIAM J. KETLER, A PROMINENT CITIZEN OF LARK
SPUR, WHO HAS ANSWERED THE CALL OF D2ATH. FROM A PHO
TOGRAPH BY BELL OF WASHINGTON, D. C. > ;
OAKLAND, April 9.— "By virtue of the
authority vested in me as supreme record
keeper of the Supreme Tent of the
Knights of the Maccabees of the "World
I hereby dedicate this temple to the uses
of the order."
The Impressive dedicatory ritual of the
Maccabees had proceeded smoothly to its
close this afternoon, the high priest of the
order, standing at the altar In his flowing
robes, had invoked omnipotent benedic
tion on the new place of meeting, when
Supreme Record Keeper Siegel arose and
pronounced the final words.
The new building at the corner of Elev
enth and Clay streets is one of the most
handsome in the city. It was elaborately
decorated with palms and evergreens for
to-day's exercises. The dedication proper
took place this afternoon. To-night a
more popular programme included ad
dresses by President I>avid Starr Jordan
and Mrs. Lillian M. Holllster, supreme
commander of the Ladles of the Macca
bees.
The subject of Dr. Jordan's address was
"Fraternities." He said. In part:
I haven't come here to tell you anything
about the Maccabees, because any one of you
could tell me more on that subject than I
know myself. My experience In the general
line of the subject on which you have asked
me to speak has been confined mostly to my
life in my college fraternity, which I recall
as one of the most valuable parts of my un
dergraduate training. • -
In general the spirit of fraternallsm Is nltru
lFtic in the original meaning of that term.
Since every right-minded man . desires to be
the most that he can. and since one's own
development must depend largely upon the at
tainments of others, the right relation between
men and women in society is the kind rela
tion; the relation of co-operation, of working
together. Co-operation, self-activity, mutual
help, .these are three principles essenflal to
stable and progressive society.
It has been said that the Bank of Human
Kindness Is one'on which every one may draw.
This kindness should help every one who re
ceives it to be strong. Charity which does not
expect action, co-operation. Is weakening. It
I 13 for this reason. I take it. that fraternal
_if=m makes a valid and successful claim upon
the members of civilized society everywhere"
The growth and strength of fraternallam is a
vindication of its merit.
Mrs. Lillian M. Hollister addressed the
members of the order on the growth anl
alms of the Maccabees, exhorting them
to give the organization their loyal sup
port. At the conclusion of his address the
ladies of Oakland Hive No. 14 tendered
the supreme commander a reception at
which all the members were given an
opportunity to meet him personally.
An excellent musical programme was
provided for the evening, the numbers be
ing interspersed between the addresses
and continuing during the reception.
The ladies of the local hive of the La
dies of the Maccabees gave a luncheon
to Mrs. Lillian M. Hollister at the Hotel
Metropole at noon time to-day. ¦ The
tables ¦were verv handsomely decorated
and a very elaborate menu was served.
Those wjio sat at the table were: Miss
Holden. Miss Cooper, Mrs. Guthrie, Miss
Wells, Mrs. Hall, Mrs. Hamlin, Mrs. Reed,
Mrs. Hart. Mrs. Stevens. Mrs. Smith.
Miss Deering. Mrs. Ernst. Mrs. "Water
house, Mrs. Nell Smith, Mrs. Symmes.
Mrs. Duchro, Miss Semllch, Mrs. Dahl,
Mrs.- Lilllen thai, Mrs. Remmer, Dr. Fen
ton, Mrs. Nelson, Mrs. Keller, Mrs. Kl«
sack, Mrs. Dal ton, ¦ Mrs. Patterson, Mre.
Townsend, Mrs. Trenchal, Mrs. Varcoe,
Mrs. Cutter. Dr.' Schofield. Mrs. Ayde
lotte, Mrs. Summer and Mrs. Radke. .
I In the evening the Knights of the Mac
cabees gave a banquet at the Hotel MeJ
ropole to Supreme Record Keeper Siegel
and State Commander Hall.
Supreme Record Keeper Sie
gel Completes Impres
sive Ceremony.
MACCABEE TEMPLE
FITLY DEDICATED
FRESNO, April 9.— M. Theodore Kear
ney, president of the California Raisin
1 Growers' Association, has issued a state •
ment regarding the advertised cut in the
price of raisins. He says that through the
unsatisfactory management of the raisin
market by the directors who have just
gone out of office 1400 carloads remain Jn
the hands of the association, 900 more than
the trade could be expected to take, be
tween now and the marketing: of the new
crop. To relieve the market and at the
same time popularize the use of raisins
it is proposed to put up seeded raisins
in pound cartons, mark them "Cut price,
10 cents, to further introduce seeded rais
ins. Try them," and retail them all over
the East. This proposition would net the
growers 3 cents a pound for the first 200
cars, with an advance of a quarter of a
cent a pound for the next 200 cars, and so
on. President Kearney admits that this is
a cut in the market price established by
the association, but claims that the adver
tising brand will prevent its being consid
ered a basis for future prices or future
action.
CUT Hf PRICE OP RAISINS.
If, at the end of fifteen days, the experi
ment prove a success, It is said, the price
will be continued.
The general opinion prevails that the
association will have to be reorganized
under the old State law of Incorporation,
and that the association will endeavor to
sell all of its prunes before the June meet-
Ing, when new officers are to be elected.
A large number of growers and packers
are opposed to the reduction made to-day
by the association. They do not believe
<he time opportune, especially as the ad
vertising is creating some demand for the
prunes, and the prospects are for a short
crop.
apply to aJl sizes to and Including 90-100s and
SAN JOSE, April 9.— The disturbance
created among the prune men yesterday
by the decision of Judge Seawell In declar
ing the association contract Invalid was
further Increased to-day by the announce
ment, that the California Cured Fruit As
sociation had reduced the price of all sizes
of prunes to a two-cent basis. This is a
reduction of one cent per pound on the
domestic price. The announcement came
as a surprise, after the assurance of Presi
dent Bond and other officials ten days ago
that the domestic price would not be cut
from three cents, and also after reports
had come from throughout the State that
heavy frosts had done some damage and
the prune crop did not promise to be as
heavy as that of last year. It is the opin
ion of dealers that the market will be
greatly disturbed.
Eastern jobbers have clamored for this
reduction, and il is said that orders reach
ing nearly 200 cars had been booked with
the association, to be filled when the price
had been reduced.
Two weeks ago a reduction of three
quarters of a cent was made on prunes
for export, and since then some have been
sold. In the last fifteen days about sev
enty-five carloads have been sold at a 3
cent basis, and these buyers will naturally
object to the reduction, as this reduction
will cut all the profit out of their pur
chase.
A meeting of the directors was held this
morning. Judge Seawell's decision was
considered, and after canvassing the mar
ket It was decided to reduce the price. The
following resolution was then adopted:
Resolved, That' the association prices of
prunes now- on hand be fixed at a 2-cent basis
for a period of flffeen days from "April 9, to
ance Caused by Sea-well's De
cision Against the Com
bine.
Special Dispatch to The 6all.
Cured Fruit Association
Directorate Takes Un
expected Action. -
Announcement Adds to the Disturb-
LOWERS PRICES
OF ALL PRUNES
LOS AXGELES, April 9.— From a trip
of luxury in a handsomely appointed pal
ace car to the life of a yardman In a lum
ber yard 1^ a part of the history of Don A.
Henderson, a son of Speaker Henderson
of the House of Representatives. For 52 25
a day Don Henderson is _earnlng_his
bread by the sweat of ~his~brow"ln the
yards of the San Pedro Lumber Company.
F"or this small sum he Is lifting heavy
lumber from early morning until nigrht.
For a smaller daily stipend than many
of his father's servants receive he Is fill
ing- his hands with splinters and his life
¦with, experience.
Young Henderson is proud of his father,
but the father is not proud of the son, in
fact, will have nothing to do with him.
The young man has not always willingly
obeyed his father. He went to school
until he was 17, only under protest. Edu
cation had no particular charms for him.
Alter graduating from the High School
of Dubuque, Iowa, young Henderson was
sent to the Pennsylvania Military School
at Chester, Pa., but the prospect of the
life of a soldier did not please him. David
Henderson, his father, stood ready to put
Don through college and offered
him many inducements if he would
fro. but the son refused. . He was
then gent to learn the railroad
business, and, according to his
.father's idea that all trades should be
learned from the bottom of the ladder,
vjis put on a train crew. There he fell in
with associates that did not influence him
for good, and before long this son of one
of the most brilliant politicians of to-day
had drunk of the cup of dissipation. After
leaving the railroad he went to St. Paul,
where he worked in the lumber business.
When the Hendersons came to California
last summer in their private car Don ac
eompanied them, but he did not return
with them to the East. He remained In
Southern California and obtained a posi
tion with the San Pedro Lumber Com
pany, where he has been working steadily
for several months.
Gives Up a Life of Ease Bather Than
Submit to the Guidance
/ of His Famous
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Son of Speaker Henderson
a Day Laborer at
San Pedro.
TOILS TO EARN
MEAGER WAGE
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY; APRIL 10, 1901.
Marin County Mourns the Loss of One of Its
Leading Citizens.
FINAL SUMMONS COMES
TO WILLIAM J. KETLER
3
It used to be considered that only urln- - . / B n 111 |IJ w\\
ary and bladder troubles 'were to be traced ft g II || I t
to the kidneys, but now modern science if B y. 11 la
proves that nearly all diseases have their lit Jj 1 Six
beginning In the disorder of these most jKjmb ul U \9k-
The kidneys filter and purify the blood: *4f»iLjL | V | J^^^S^.
Therefore when your kidneys are weak j^^j^^S^^^t^^^^^-^L^^^S.
or out of order you can understand how aaO^^^S^mtBmS^^SKssSL
quickly your entire body is affected and /TjjHHiffflnMjtt!! \\m\m RulwSPflBiflH
how every or g ar. seems to fail to do its
If you are sick or "feel badly," begin fl)|^Jl^ilii1llHi'jgaf^lUytjtJ"j}ai'™\3
taking the famous new discovery, Dr. Kil- Ejp3 r m MW1MaiHHaMnB . [fuTjjIl
mer's -Swamp-Root, because as soon as Ili^ -nxi KiLnrns ! MI»
your kidneys are well they will help all |f§| "* J*- 11 " 11 *-"' 5 * HjllJg
the other organs to health. A trial will l<|E3fiU CTV A A.TT> XbdflT i » ill
convince any one. WSE " AiUr-KUU 1 iii
Amonsr the many famous cures of Swamp- I liSul I Hi *
1^ tl^oT^r ill Kidney.Uv^randBhdder j|i
readers sr>eaks In the highest terms of the |!!S|1 I CURE. 1 I SmS
wonderful curative properties of this great |!|(jfa I FrlX
remedy. Mr. Robert Berner. 11 West 117th l! US H C1I5EC7ICNS. fH«
street. Xew York City, writes: "I had br-n S| ,. # . „„ ,_. „ thMMI »( ¦
Buffering severely from kidney trouble. All &f J^™A£~£i£^ata J DM
symptoms were on hand; my former strength (?/ I tea *P° ooftlj3 before or after meala cjffffl
and Dower had left me; I could herdly dragr ISf I aod at bedtime. Ili/iilyl
myself alonar. Even my mental capacity was ' nSili Children l»ss aeconHnp to «{re. IfH, ,'"P"
giving out and often I wished to die. It was ilfiflHi May commence with szcan do»es 1 1 (HI ,T]
then that I saw an advertisement of yours In 'OS III incrcaso to ttti doso or more. If 13 ' 9
a New York paper, but I would not have paid JS HI " the c^ wo^dVeem to woul« il|i
any attention to It had It not promised a jS K . require. :l !¦,«.¦
sworn firuaraiitce with every bottle of your ISJ'8 ST^at remertr cures au JIBJIH
medicine, asserting that your Swamp-Root Is ''"SjVl kidney. Urer, bladder tad Crlo IF I3I9
purely- vegetable and does not contain any " yl Add troubles and disorders due jl mft
harmful drugs. I am seventy years and four ij fa to weak kid aey?. Bach as catarrh j|Kji(
months old, and with a good conscience I can §1 of the bladder trra™!. rhernna- SI Rji?
recommend SwamD-Koot to all sufferers from US num Innbaeo and Brlsrhf* Dls- fl tiki
kidney troubles. Four members of my family j « ¦««»' which IKS;
have been uslnir Swamn-Root for four dif- ! m T-7'.Z*, n • l| Ri
ferent kidney dlseasos, with the same good K M * ian »7 oaense. .1 S23
results." Yours tn:ly, ROBERT BERXER. tl j I J plcasaat to tate. IlilSi
Weak and unhealthy kidneys are re- lj p?c»,.. nn .,,v.., DaiJ
sponsible for many kinds of diseases, and .' g| { rx ' rAKED OlII - Y Bf Wai
if permitted to continue much suffering:, . S9 J DR. KILMER <Ss CO. JliwlS
with fatal results, are sure to follow. i! aa ! • d.h/»u. llcfffi
Kidney trouble irritates the nerves, makes I!|f3 I BINGHAMTOM, N. Y. JiiSali
you dizzy, restless, sleepless and irritable: •! £1 «oi,i iiv.n n-n ¦.« ftf £ S
makes you pass water often during the 3 S2 sola py *" " rn gS»w« HlfiS
day and obliges you to get up many times 1 g3V*^ — — * JtlPS 3
during the night. Unhealthy kidneys fflBilflJlSJl!fflIIIffniT3fnfIISl!fnalfiiB
cause rheumatism, gravel, catarrh of the ggnllLHi™''^ ' ' "i If .1 i fi'.V ?%/ fjluj i i fl
bladder, pain or dull ache in the back, ;' w t ~^srri) i — —
joints and muscles; makes your head ache ] j W n iF^ffli'llVk^iMi TM=S|-^5i?iffllftlW
and back ache, causes indigestion, stom- 1 j I'lflMllii^^r^"" ~^ss^" " "*«5ijji " 1 1 <?[ tfl
ach and liver trouble; you get a sallow. I l Wv2£z§0 1^ /^^^^SUJH
yellow complexion; makes you feel as %Z_^_~\ i '"¦^T^^T^^.m
though you had heart trouble. You may i r&vzr*iime -qg w-r^^n-bi
have plenty of ambition but no strength; (Swamp-Root Is pleasant to take.)
get 'weak and waste away.
In taking Swamp-Root you afford natural help to Nature, for Swamp-Root Is the
most perfect healer and gentle aid to the kidneys that is to medical science.
Many women suffer untold misery because the nature of their disease Is not cor-
rectly understood: in most cases they are led to believe that womb trouble or
female weakness of some sort Is responsible for their many ills, when In fact dis-
ordered kidneys are the chief cause of their distressing troubles.
If there is any doubt in your mind as to your condition, take from vour urine on
rising about four ounces, place it in a glass or bottle and let It stand twenty-four
hours. If on examination It is milky or cloudy. If there is a brick-dust settling, w
if small particles float about in it, your kidneys are in need of immediate attention.
-. If. you are already convinced that Swamp-Roof is what you need, you can pur-
chase the regular fifty-cent and one-dollar size bottles at the drus stores every-
where.
EDITORIAL NOTE.— Swamp-Root, the great Kidney. Urer and Bladder
remedy, is so remarkably successful that a special arrangement has been made by
•which all rea&ers of "The Call" who hare not already tried it may have a samp/9
bottle sent absolutely free by mail. Also a book telling all about kidney and bladder
troubles and containing man/ of the thousands upon thousands of testimonial letters
received from men and women cured by Swamp-Root In writing be sure and mention
reading this generous offer in the San Fran 2.sco Daily Call when sending your address
to Dr. Kilmer & Co., Binghamion. /If. Y.
To Prove What This Wonderful New Dis-
covery, SWAMP-ROOT, Will Do for YOU,
Every Reader of "The Call" May Have
a Sample Bottle Sent Absolutely Free
The,WonderfuI Curative Properties of Swamp-Root.
TEST FOR YOURSELF
ADVERTISEMENTS.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
From New York Every "Wednesday. 12 noon.
Westernland ...April 171 Friesland L May %
Kensington ....April 24[Southwark May 15
Zeelan«1 May ll Vaderland M»rS
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION COMPANT.
CHAS. D. TAYLOR.
General Agent Pacific Coast. 30 Montgomery st.
Stopping at Cherbourg, westbound.
From New Tort Every "Wednesday. 10 a. m.
Vaderland April 17 1 St. Paul May f
St. Louis April 24 St. Louis May IS
New York .May llNew York May 23
RED STAR LINE.
New York and Antwerp.
AMERICAN LINE.
NEW Y0HK. SCUTE 4XPT0N. LOXBOff. PASTS.
PORTLAND, Or.,
And Short Rail Line from Portland to all
points East. Through tickets to all *
points, all rail or steamship and rail, at
• . , LOWEST RATES!
Steamer Tickets Include Berth and Meal*.
SS COLUMBIA Sails Apr. 13. 23. May 3
SS. GEO. TV". ELDER.Salls Apr. 8. 18, iS. May 8
E. C. WARD, General 1 Agent.
1 Montgomery St.
O. R. & N. CO.
Only Steamship Line to
REFEREES'
Auction Sale!
BUSINESS PROPERTY
Cor. 3rd and Mission Sts-
Cor. Bush and Belden.
Sutter, Near Grant^Ave.
Belonging to Heirs of
MATTHEW CROOKS.
THURSDAY, APRIL 18, 1901
AT 1^2 O'GI-OGK. NOON,
- AT- ¦
Auction Rooms of
G. H. UMBSEN & CO,,
14 Montgomery Strest.
S. E. CORNER MISSION AND THIRD STS.
— 55 feet on Third st. by 77:6 feet on Mission
St.; solid 4-story and basement brick building,
containing 3 sto.-es on ground floor, renting for
$330 per month to one tenant, and 3 floors abovei
of 50 .rooms, renting for $140 per month; and
assessed for $32,500; Improvements, $15,000.
AN ELEGANT LOCATION ON SITTTER ST..
BETWEEN GRANT AVE. AND STOCKTON
ST.— Premises now occupied as a wood and
coal yard; ground rent |50 per month. Land
assessed for ?2O.0OO.
N. E. CORNER BUSH AND BELDEN
STS.. BETWEEN - KEARNT AND MONT-
GOMERY STS. — Brick Improvements: renting
for $305 per month. Land assessed J16.C6O; im-
provements, $2700. _
For further particulars apply to
JOHN T. HARMES.
626 Market St. '
Referees: G. H. I7MBSEN, '
.': ' 14 Montgomery St.
P. J. SULLIVAN. •
- I Parrott Building.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
». ,;,»;",'. Steamers leave Broadway
frW : wharf. San Francisco:
«Bfcu«_ For Alaskan Ports — 11 a. m.
ISSSJgSlk April 11, 16. 21. 2S. May 1.
KE»T«25lStik <'han?e to company's steam-
B3&ft»M?aq ers at Sea"'*".
E9&£2£2 y&l For Victoria. Vancouver (B.
BJgKISfJJSVd C). Port Townsend. Seattle.
f^^EfiSSll Taconia, Everett, Anacorte*
"^ and New Whatcom (Wash. )--
¦ 11 a. m., April 11. 18, 21. 25,
May I, and ever}' flfta day thereafter.
Change at Seattle for this company's steamers
for Alaska and G. X. Ry. ; at Seattle or Ta-
coma to N. P. Ry. ; at ¦ Vancouver to C. P. Ry.
For Eureka. Humboldt Bay — 2 p. m., April
13. 18, S3, 28, May 3, and every fifth day there-
after.
For San Diego, stopping only at Santa Bar-
bara, Port Los Angeles and Redondo (Los An-
geles) — Steamer Queen. Wednesdays. 9 a.m.;
steamer Santa Rosa. Sundays, 9 a. m.
For Santa. Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon. Cay-
ucos. Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo). Gavtota.
Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro.
East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and Newport-
Steamer Corona, Fridays, 9 a. m. ; steamer Bo-
nita, Tuesdays. 9 a. m.
For Ensenada> Magdalena Bay. Pan Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.)— 40 a. m., 7th each
month. •
For further information obtain company's
folders.
The company reserves the right to change
steamers, sailing dates and hours of sailing
without previous notice.
TICKKT OFFICE-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts..
10 Market at.. San Francisco.
San Francfsco.
KOTABY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT-LAW.'*'
Tenth* Floor, Room 1015. Clans Spreckels Bids.
Telephone Brown 831. ! >
" Residence, 821 California gf , below Powell,
IA/. TV HESS.
OCEAN TRAVEL
MON.. TtrES...WET».. THURS. AND SAT.
at 9:45 a. m., 3:15. 8:30 p. m. (except Thurs-
day night); Fridays, 1 p; m. and 8:3) Sundays.
10:20 a. rn., S p. m. Landing; and office. Mix-
«!on-st. Dock, Pier No. 3. Telephone Maia 1CW.
Steamer "Montlcello.".
BAY AND HIVES STEAMEHS.
FOR ft S. NAVY YAF.D AND VALIEJO. \
C0HPASNIS 6!?N2RALB TBAH3ATLAHTIQra
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS. -^.»_,
Sailing every Thursday, instead of
Saturday, at -10 a. nx. from Pier. <2, *•**'¦» wsB
North River, foot of Morton street. First class
to Havre. $35 and upward; -" Second class to
Havre. $45 and upward. .GENERAL AGENCT
FOR UNITED STATES and CANADA, 32
Broadway (Hudson building). New York. J.' F.
FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents, 5 Mont-
gomery avenue. San Francisco. Tickets sold by
all Railroad Ticket Agents.
PANAMA B.R.SS"^
TO NEW YORK VIA PANAMA DIRECT.
Cabin. *1O.~: Steerage. .5»O.
S. S. Lcelanaw sails Saturday, April 20
8. 6. Argyll sails .Monday, May 6
S. S. — sails Monday. May 2O
From HarrlsOB-st. WTiart. 3 p."m.'
Freight end passenger office. 330 Market st.
F. CONNOR, Paciflc Coast Agent.
C TEAJIERS WILL LEAVE WHARF. COR-
v^ ner First and Brannan streets, at 1 p. m.,
for -YOKOHAMA and HONGKONG, calling at
Kobe (Hiogo). Nagasaki and Shanghai, and
connecting at Hongkong with steamers for
India, etc. ' No cargo received on board on day
of sailing. -
SS. NIPPON MARU. ..:... .Friday, May 3. 1901
SR. AMERICA MARU. Wednesday. May 23. 1901
Round-trip tickets at reduced rates. For
f rel»rbt and passage apply at company's office
421 Market street, corner First.
.W.H. AVERT. G-neral A'ent.
TOYO KISEN K4ISB1
PACIFIC STEAM NAVIGATION CO.
And CIA SUD AMERICANA I'E VAPOIF.r ;
To Valparaiso, stopping at Mexican. Central
and South American ports. Sailing Section Z,
Seawall. 12 m.
A REQUIPA ... .Apr. 10: PERIT '. May 2 .
LIMARI Apr. 17t GITATEMALA .May" IS
These steamers are built expressly Tor Cen-
tral and South American passenger service.
<Xo change at Acapulco or Panama.) Freight
and passenger office. 316 California street.
BALFOTJR. GUTHRIE & CO.. Ajrerts.
visit DR. JORDAN'S great
MUSEUM OF ANATOMY
C£ 1SS1 V iSKETST-tat. 6&«tt. S.r.CaL
f^p The Largest Anatomical Museum in the
_«-}*!—» World. Weaknesses or ary contracted
jtej Sf5 disease positively cared by the oldest
H £¦* Ig 1 Specialist on the Coast. Hst. 36 years. '
&&0K DR. J3SDAN-B1SEASES OF MEH
B^£y7j|lt2 Cor.t.nlta'.ion free and strictly private.
I YStJ n Treatment personally or by letter. A
B Jjr t* H Positive Cure in every ca^e undertaken.
tU lift Write for Book. PHII.OS«OPny of
1 jl )'• ~t »trtiA<.;:. mailed i-kee. (A
cS It- valuable book lor mm)
OK. JORII4S*tO.. 1051 Marketer., 8. P.
oceaaics.s.co. ssssss
SS. VENTURA, for Honolulu. Samoa; New
Zealand and Australia
.....'. "Wednesday. April 17, 9 p. m
SS. MARIPOSA (Honolulu only)
' ..Saturday. "April 27. 2 p. m.
I D. SPBECKELS & BROS. CO., Cam! Apte. 327 Harfcat 1t
5en'l Passjpr Cffca, 643 Market SL, Pisr la. 7, PaiS*. St
®V1M, VIGOR. VITALITY for MEN
MORMON BISHOP'S PILL3
have been In use over fifty
years by the leaders of the
Mormon Church and their fol-
lowers. Positively cure the
worst cases in old and young:
arlslne fr6m effects of self-
abuse, dissipation, excesses or
cigarette-smoking. Cure Lost
Manhood, Impotency. Lost
Power. Xleht Losses. Insom-
nia Pains In Back. Evil Desires. Lame Back,
Nervous Debility. Headache. Unfltness to Mar-
ry. Loss of Semen. = i g»* Vericocejeor Con-
Ftlpation. Stops Ne*3 fJ rvous Twitching:
of Eyelids. Effect?^Z.^TfL are Immediate.
Impart view M aC E/ » rs potency to every
function. Don't get despondent; a cureMs at
hand Restore small, urideveiooed crgrans.
Stimulate the brain and nerve centers: 50c a
hox: « for $2 50 by mail. A written guarantee
to cure or money refunded with 6 boxes. Cir-
culars free. Address BISHOP REMEDY CO
40 KlUs St., San Frandaco. CaL GRANT
13P.UG CO.. SS and *0 Third it.
DR. KILMEB'S SWAMP-ROOT.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
il SWAMP-ROOT 111
'HP Kidney, Liver and Bladder flj&lj
' h| Mar take one, fro or thr*« j jjj
I 'I Nil teajpoonfals before or after meals Jj *f j|j
I 'I'Sn! ChllUren l«ss lecordtne to ajro. |[Bi'i'e
I iffiHj I M»y commence with szcan do»es If fH jW
I mS II * n ' 1 in( ' rras<1 *° fuI! doso or more » 1/1 j.n
I IS'K »* th9 f*-"* wonl(1 geem to r *^ uire * '11 Hi''' -jj
I iSfln Thia great remedr cures «U '{IS Ih
lij^J] kidney. Urer. bladder tad Crto II H|B
I lull Acld troutjIe3 aml disorders due |/BBla
tili'Sli weaI: kl<Jae J r? - sncl1 M eatarr!l jflVdj*
r!!|§B|| of the bladder, trrard!, rheama- Jj wjjf
Nag II tlm», Inmbago and Bright'* DIs- I {§34
|J9 ««», which Is th« worst form ot I fjJH
I] HI) DR. KILMER & CO. Sill
I'ij «j[ Sold by all Drnsslsts. |ul
IT? rwa.de to -*,
il ill ifmlm' SlF© cf fiiilv
[¦ Ever since ¦ we ¦ M i| KHjtijV
started in to make suits \| I jl l^vfej life
to order for $io the \1Ha
demand for them has W§\ 'TttB&Sp';
:been cbns'antly :in— ¦ 1 -'" 1 *- 1^^^- ¦
¦ rrpflsino- We don't Wtlii^ -
mention this merely to fillililsk^
shout about our prosperity, .
but, as you know, "nothing / •
succeeds like success," and ., .
we want-to impress upon you that you cai tru'it*;
to the judgment of the hundreds who buy here
1- every week. . ¦ .
The price is so low that a man is apt to think
he can't get a good suit made to order for only
- $io.oo. But .when he\ sees the goods, he order?. .
-To protect him further we say, "If this' suit isn't
all right in every respect, return it and, vva # wiil
return your money. If you keep the su't we will*
Lkeep it. in repair free for a year.'.'
• 0 ir samples are given freely to any inter-
ested person. ;-/,."..>!;" - ; '•
Suits satisfactorily made for oui-of-iov/n customers'*,
through our^self-measuring system— write for samples.
T18 Market St. and
Cor. Powell & Eddy.
-~"i' JJ " 11 "" 1 """ 1 . 1 • ..-•.-¦ ... : . -¦ .,¦-.,," ,r
[ B. KATSCHINSKl"!
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO. I
I 10 THIRD ST., San Francisco. 1
§ Just as Good 9
§ as Cheap, I
i as Stylish! I
h* *We manufacture good shoes In E
S3 this city, and every pair can be h
|g guaranteed for wear. Shoes that \£
Hf fit the foot look stylish -and are H
B comfortable. They are union-made Pj
id and bear the stamp. Help our local H
H industries by calling for home- a
m made union shoes. Ladles' fine' vlcl E
H kid lace shoes, kid, cloth or fancy B
§jj vesting tops; coin toes and tips, B
M flexible soles; all widths and sizes. H
if Price S2.50. In black or tan. j|
tj Just out, 80-page Illustrated Cat- D
gj aloeue. Send for one. ~r • m
I PHILADELPHIA SHOE GO. I
I id THIRD ST., San Francisco, 1
flfjf khimKii
2£<>gk£i&? INJECTION. S
I A PERMANENT CURE I
2 of the moft obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea ?
? and Gleet, (raarantecd in from 3 to 6 5
2 daps : nc other treatment required. i
% Sold by all druggists. STHE ,MAN CHOSEN TO CON
STRUCT CALIFORNIA'S PA
VILION AT BUFFALO.
when he received the position he now
holds as superintendent of construction
and engineering. Colonel Bush, animated
by his father's martial spirit, has dis
tinguished himself in military circles and
in- consequence was appointed by* Gover
nor Budd a member of his staff, with the
rank of. lieutenant colonel.
h-h-h-h-k- t-fr-i- 1 z -r--r--i--i--i- ¦!¦ r-.i-z-.z- ©
2271.. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
Jour-year-olds and up; purse. $400. . ¦ .
Index. Horse, Wt. Jockey. St. hi-- %. Fin.
' 2226 Mag. Davis, 5, 105. Ranch 4 1113 12
: 2209 Doublet, 4,. 107.. Mounce 2 2^ 2h 2n
(2202) Mocorito, 6, 105 See 3 3 h " 4 2 3 2
!(21S3) Phoenissa, 4. 105..O'Con 7 5 1 3 1 4%
: 2220 Vohlcer, 4, 110 Conley 1 . 8 Ms . 7 1 5h
,' 2211 Our Lizzie. 6, lOo.Domnk 5 7 15 1 6 3
2171 Jerid, 5, 110. Shields 6 4 hi 6 171
2211 High Hoe, 6. lOo.Murph 8 6 1 8 1 8 2
(2241)Duckoy, 4, lOS-Hennessy 9 9 9 9
; Time— V*. :23%: M, :48;.%. 1:13%. Good sfart.
"Won cleverly. Second and third driving. "Win
ner, W. M. Sloan's b. m. by Sayre-Lizzle.C.
Maggie received a nice ride. Doublet Bhowed.
improvement. Mocorito outfooted." Phoenissa
quit. Balance outclassed.-- .Scratched — Tame
Irishman 107, Boundlee 107, Hermoso 110.
' Betting— Maggie Davis. 4; Doublet, 15; Moco
rito, 10; Phoenissa. 17-10; Vohicer, 12; Our
Lizzie, 4; Jerid, 12; HJgh Hoe, 12 ; Duckoy, : 30.
227O. FIFTH RACE-kJne mile; . four-year
,'olds'and up; purse, .$40Q. '-,, ¦'¦ ' )''. .'¦ •
Index. ' Horse, Wt. Jockey; St. hi- Str. Fin.
¦> 222J- MacGyle 4, 103.Domnick 2' 3 3 2 4 Ins
2224 Hagerdon, 4, 106. Mounce 1 1 Ms In 2'6
(2214)Dang. Maid, 4, 104.0'Con 4 4 3 3 3 4
2245 Dr. Cave, 4, 107. . Weddsd 3 2 14 4 4
>. 'TimWj4-*:.:25U"; %,.:«; %,fa5j4; v mile, 1.-40U.'
: Goca start. Won first three 1 firlving.. v Winner,
C. T. Boots' b. g. by imp. Brutus-Ledalia.
Dominick routflnished Mpunce. .; MacGyJe was
cut off at far turn. Maid ou'tfooted from start.
Dr. Cave has none too. good underpinning-. .
Betting— MacGyle, 16-5; Hagerdon, 8-5; Dan
gerous'Maid. 7-5; Dr. Cave. 16.
22G!>. FOURTH RACB-Seven- furlongs; sell
ing; three-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse, Wt, Jockey. St hi. Str. Fin.
2265 Prin. Titania, 107.0'Con 4 4 6 In 12
2170 Satin Coat. HO.Domnick 12 1 3 4 2 2
21S2 Davids S. lM.Wedderstrd 2 1 2 2 h 3 5
222S Phil* Archib'd, llO.Bennt 3 - 3 n 4 1 4 2
2236 Matilda O. lOJ.Burlingm 6 5 »i 5 5 5 5
2212 Billy Lyons, 107:...Hoar 6 ' 6"1 • 6 1 6 1
. 2254 Thornwild, 107-..-. Murphy. 7. -7V --1 .; 7
Time— %. :25V4; %', ' :49%; %,l:02;.%. \:t$U.
Bad start. Won easily. Second and third
driving. Winner. A. J. Stemler & Co.'s b. f.
by imp. Massetto-Qucen Titania. Princess
pounds the best. David S quit. Others no .ac
count.
Benin*— Princess Titania, 3-5; Satin Coat,
4; David S. 9-2: Phil Archibald, 30; Matilda O,
100; Billy Lyons, S00; Thornwlld, 25.
2268. THIRD RACE-One and a quarter
miles; selling; four-year-olds and up; purse,
¦$400.
Index, Horse, Wt, Jockey. St. %. Str. Fin.
(2234)Twinkler. 6, 112. Wedrstd 5 3 1 1 M 1 VA
2250 R Shannon, 4, lll...Dom 3 1*4 !2 2 2
2230 Faunette. 6, 110...AUdr 4 8 . 3 1 3 4
2247 Cue, 4, 111 ..Stuart 2 4 1 4 4 M
2145 Florabird, 4, lll..Howell 7 2 1 5 % 5 3
' 2240 Dr. Marks. 6; 112.Mounoe 6 5 2 6 5 6 5
2253 Koenlg. 6, 112.... Conley 1 6 2 7 4 7 4
2253 Will Fay, 4, 108..Mathws 8 .7 1 • 8 8
Time— \i. :2b%; H, :51; %? l:lW? m. 1:43;
lUm, 2:09. Good start. Won easily. Second
and third driving. Winner, L. S. Young's b.
K. by imp. Brutus-Nabette. Twlnkler well
handled and best. Shannon all out at pad
dock. Too far for Florabird.. Koenig will do
to "copper." Scratched — Lizzella 110.
Betting — Twlnkler, 2; Rio Shannon,- 7-5; Fau
nette, 25; Cue, 15: Florabird/ 20;, Dr. Marks,
12; Kocnig, 8; Will Fay, 50.
2207.' SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; maid
en two-year-olds; purse, '$400. * .
Index. Horse, Wt,' Jockey. St. %. "Btr. Fin.
21S9 Divina, 107.. ..:.*. .Haney 4 2 2 ... Ins
2243.Minerva, 110 Thorpe 2 11 •...' 24
2256 Lulette, 110 .......Conley 1 5 % 3 1
1 2237 Achilles, 114 ...... ..Ruiz 8 7 h ... 4%
. 1890 G. Greene, 110.... Mounce 5 4"^ ... 5h
2123 Snowberry. 110 Flynn 6 6 1 ... 6 M
2239 Sileslan. 107 ...O'Connor 3 3 1 ... 7 6
2239 Oratossa, 110 ...Wedrstd 7 10 10 ... 8 hi
21S9 P. Crimmlns, 115.Turner 9 8 2 ... 9 1
2116 You You, 104....RanschlO 9 3 ... 10 5
( ....Lass Langdon, 110..Domll 11 ... 11
Time— hi, :24; %, :48'4. Good start. Won first
three driving. Winner, A. J. Stemler & Co.'s
b. f. by Imp. Bassetlaw-Flora Hurst. Toss up
between two leaders. Achilles slow to pet .un
der way.* Graham Greene had worked *fast.
Sileslan only a moderate 6ne. You You away
poorly. Lass of Langdon cut oft! right after
start. Scratched — Frank Bain 107.
I) Betting— Divina, 20; Minerva, 16-5; Lulette, 7;
Achilles, 20; Graham Greene. 6; Snowberry, 43;
Sileslan, 7; Oratossa, 12; Phil Crimmins, .12;
You You. 15; Lass of Langdon, 5.
TAlTFbB.AN;PABK-Tuesday, April 9.
1901.' — "Weather fine. ' Track fast.
22O07 a**IRST RACE— Six f urTongrs ; ' selling;
maiden three-year-olds; purse, $300. ,
Index. "Horse, \Vt,' Jockey. St. ii. %. Fin.
2199 Aphrodis. 117.. „. Mounce 1; 3.1 '22 In
2248 C. Bravo. 117 Ruiz 2 1 V> . 1 n 2 2
I 2236 Master Cal, 119. ..Turner 3 4 h 3 V4 3 hi
: 2124 La Calma, 112.. O'Connor 7 7 3 4 1 4 4
1 1922 Cerro Santa, ll?..Alexdr 4 2 h 5 2 6 1
2014 Triple Cross, 112.*.Logue 6 6 1 6 U 6 4
2252 Carlovignlan, 114-Conley 9 8-H*.-7*"J a 7 3
1954 Llbbie Elkins. 112 SeelO 11 8 « 1
Mill Valley, 117... Thorpe S « % 9 9
2248 Carrie Lucas, 112. Shields 8 8 % 10 10
2169 Tilt; 114 ..Wedderstrandll 10 4 11 11
Time— %, :24; %, :49; %, 1:15%. Good start.
"Won first three driving. Winner. J. H. Simp
son's b. f. by Flambeau-Geneva. Aphrodis
showed much Improvement. Master Cal be
calmed; that was all. Cerro Santa no account.
Triple- Cross improving. Scratched— Road
• Asent 117. -
1 Betting-— Aphrodis. 7; Catherine Bravo. 12:
Master Cal, 11-5; La Calma, -5; Cerro Santa,
6; Triple Cross, 10; Carlovignian, 30; Llbbia
Elkins,- 50; Mill Valley, 12; Carrio Lucas, 60;
Tilt,. 20.
, Tennis in the Park.
The Golden Gate Park tennis courts will
be opened on Friday to the general public.
They are erected on the site of the old
music stand. -,>' '- . • ;
CHICAGO, April 9.— Chairman Henry J.
Fuhrer Jr. of the committee on prospectus
that is urging Chicago, as the place for
the Olympian games in 1904 received to
day a letter from Paris announcing that
President Loubet of France, honorary
president of the Olympian games commit
tee, would personally preside at the meet
ing in Paris on May 19 to determine where
the next revival of the ancient snorts
should be held. A conference of those in
terested in securing the event for Chi
cago will be held to-night and immediate
arrangements made for procuring the
subscriptions necessary to secure the
guarantee of $200,000 proposed. Already
about $50,000 has been guaranteed and the
committee is confident that it will be able
to cable President Loubet before the date
of the meeting that the necessary guar
antee has been raised. * : ¦ ¦
Guaranteed for Holding • Inter
. ' national Contests. '
CHICAGO WANTS THE
\ ; NEXT OLYMPIAN" GAMES
Fifty Thousand Dollars Already
"Bill" Jackman, with his crew, departs
for New York to-day to participate In the
booking exercises at Aqueduct track.
i"i~i-a-i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i"i--Z"Z"i"i"i"i"i"Z"r"i-^
Hafley, a clever exercise boy, who was
given a winning mount on Nilgar not
many days ago by "Hanger" Jones.
Starter Dick "Dwyer leaves for the East
on Friday, and his place will be filled by
Jake HoLtman. ¦ Dick will wield the flag
opening day at Lakeside track. He will
leave a host of friends behind him. '•
;FLYCASTERS GATHER...
I " ROUND SOCIAIi BOABD
Dinner Is Participated. Iii
by Large Number of
Members.
The San Francisco Flycastlng fClub ban
• •queted at the California Hotel last even
; ing- and a merry banquet it was. Gath
•ered around the board were all 'the proiril
. nent members and the talent that fur
riehed the amusement of the evening:.
-.TJie;featur<*\of this banquet was the mural
decxjr.at ions, proens and fishing: parapher
nalia, for which Fish Commissioner .Bab
cock was responsible. •• .-. *
Thos<» .present were: W. D. Mansfield,
•H..F. Mailer. H*. O. Golcher. C. G. Young,
A. Muller, II. J. "W. Dinkelspiel. Mr. Ep
pinger," Louis Butler,' John Butler, C • ti.
Mitchell, II. Bottu. \V. A. L. Miller C. H
JveweH, C. B. Kenneff, A- M. Blade
: George' Walker, H. E. Skinner. M.' C. Al
len, Charles Har^an, G. F. Klink, F. H.
Reed, John Lawrence A. F. Vogelsang,
Horace Smyth, John F. Siebe, J. M. Sew-
Pll, Jjohri Hunt, Horace Briggs. John P.
Babcock. F. G. Sanborn, F. W. Brother
ton, J. Peltier, W. W. Richards, E. A.
Mocker. W. J. L. Kierulf, \V. C. Martin
- PvW. Watson.; -Mr. Hastings, A. B.. Finch
Clark Wise, W. E. Brooks* Charles Klein
'.and C. iL Walker. • *
After the. long-coursed dinner "Walter
; Mansfield set the elocutionary ball rolling.
r Judge Hunt and Alec "Vogelsang were the
.honored speech makers. Song and orches
tral music made this dinner of the fly
casters a memorable one.
.Two baseball, teams". of; the Custom
house will play on Saturday afternoon at
the Presidio, athletic grounds. The line
up will be:
_Never-"Was's — Shepston (captain). Pray,
Campodonico, Sexton, Thomas, Boden, Hlb
.bard. Holmes. .Bellingall. Miller (extra).
¦ Never-Will Be's— Maussang (captain) Dough
erty. Perkins. .Farmer, Kelly. Campbell. Behr
man, Cerini, Silverthorn, Stack (extra).
Custom-House Baseball.
Five and a half furlongs, selling— Pauline J
won, Eva Wilson second, Elsie Del third.
Time, 1:10. .
One •• mile— Tusculum . won, .Chub second
Wood trice third. Time, 1:44.
Four furlonrs— El Gtvata won. Effete second
•Queen Friese third. Time, :49. '
Six furlongs— B. G. Fox won. Golden Rattle
f-econd, Nancy Till third. Time,. 1:15%.
CINCINNATI. April 9.— Summary of the
racing:
Six furlongs— Fire Play -won. Lawton second,
Sister, Sadie third. Time, 1:18.
One mile and an eighth, selling— Get About
won. %<a Sparta second, Dan Rice third. Time,
1:5S>&.
Seven furlongs, selling— Pirate's Queen won,
Colonel Gay second,* Rhinelander third. Time,
*Foiir and a haft furlongs— The Boston won,
Sally Green second, Lathrop third. Time. :57%.
One mile and seventy yarde-Petit Maitre
won, Kenova second, Hood's Brigade third.
- Country Club handicap,' one mIle-"-LoutsvIlle
won.'Alard Scheck second. Cavnar third. Time,
1*42. - * ¦-.¦*. ¦-* •• *¦
• 'steeplechase, about two miles— Sallust won,
Uasle second, Trlcotin third. Time. 4:44.
• Sei-en furlongs- selling-Wax Taper won. Sue
Johnson second. Duke of Baden third. Time.
1:29. „
• "WASHINGTON. -April 9.— The results of
the racing at Bennlngs to-day is as fol
lows: . s
¦- Six furlongs— Robert Waddell won. Magic
Light second. Nitrate third. Time, 1:17. f
Four furlongs— Atheola .won. Laracor second,
Sister Juliet third. ' Time. . :u0%:
One mile and a half, over sir -hurdles— Chara
wlnd won, Roxburg second, Honnover third.
Time, 2:55.
" Seven furlongs, selling— The Rogue won,
King's Favorite second, Curtsey third. Time,
1:32. v -
Five furlongs — Revonah won, Gertrude Elliott
second. Midnight Chimes third. Time, 1:03 2-5.
One mile" and fifty yards — Alard won, Robert
Metcalf second, Klrkwood third.- Time, 1:48 2-5.
• • ' • Memphis.' • ¦ ¦ -
MEMPHIS, ; April 9.— The summary of
the racing here to-day is as follows: -
Cincinnati, Washington and
"Results of a Day's Track Work st
RACING ON TKBEB OF
,;THE EASTERN COURSES
Slxth'race—Tame Irishman, Rlnaldo, Asian.
. .
Track Notes.
" Ab. Stemler cleared up nearly J2000 over
the win of Divina. The filly was ridden by
First race— The Gafflr, Dance Along, Cam
baceres. . • .-¦ ¦¦ -- *
Second race— Brunswick. Evander, Flora Po
mona. ¦ . -
Third race— Loconomo, Mission, Nellie Forest
Fourth race-^-Tellowtall, "Tayon, Gonfalon.'
' Fifth ""* race^-Catherine Bravo. '¦¦ "William F,
Road Agent. «
Probable Winners.
Sixth race— Seven furlongs; three-year-olds
and upward; Belling.
"2196 Romany Ill 2231 Montallade 111
(2206)Glissando .10S 2223 Tame Irishmanll4
2252 Alaska Ill 2197 Artilla 108.
(22S0)NIlgar 10H2247)Rlnaldo 113.
2238 Vain 108 1825 Asian 113
(2^p)Don Luis 109i 2222 Jim HcCleevy..ll2
Fifth race— Six and a Jialf furlongs; maiden
three-year-olds and upward;- Belling.
1613 J. Doherty 108 1947 Position 106
2162 Lucera ......... 95 2266 Cerro Santa.... 95
<2266 Carlovignian ..95 2208 Abbyleix L 101.
2252 William F 108 2198 Canejo 106
2114 Road Agent ... 37 2140 Sarsfleld 106
2212 Robert J 98 2296 Cath'ifte Bravo 93
Fourth race— Six furlongs;" four-year-olds and
upward; puree.
.1563 Tayon 10"! 2223 Prejudice 95
2271 Mocorito 107 2202 I»orani 101 _
•2263 Yellowta.il 101 2251 Babbler 104
2113 Gonfalon 10U .
Third race— Seven: furlongs; 'three-year-olds
and upward; selling.- . * " -,y -. ..V •*. '•'
2262 Commuter ....¦-19? 2258-Allcla.-.*.'...r. w 107
2219 Moringa .103 2265 Nellie Forest... 97
2238 Osmond 10J 2161 Screenwll Lake 95
2228 Compass 97 2240 Loconomo Ill
221S Mission 110 2229 Bensn Caldwll.104
2241 Urchin- 108 2234 McAlbert 109
To-Day's Entries,
First race — Six and a half furlongs; maiden
three-year-olds and upward; Belling.
2260 Cantlnus 9S| 2236 The Gafflr 95
2199 Caxnbaceres ...1041 2031 Porphyry 99
1774 Rasp 107 2212 Dance Along... 99
2031 Sailor 103 2031 Plrata 100
204S Honduran 103 2254 George Dewey.. 93
2140 Senator Matts.109! 2206 John i Welch.... 1C8
Second race — Four and a half furlongs; two
year-olds; purse.
.... The Giver 103 2256 Irma. A ? 100
2239 Musique 100 52249^ Brunswick 110
2232 George Clark:.. 103 1578 Evander 105
2256 Flora Pomona. 110 2249 Huachuca . 108
.,..: Senator- B'ruce.103 ._¦-."- ...... -'Av-.
byf. e. mulholland:
*
\ a Js avalanche or outsiders com
e J\ • t pletely buried the favorite^ at
/Q\ ¦ Tanforan Park yesterday, the otie
A. iX survivor being Princess. Titania,
";_ which won because no excuses
were possible. Just as the falling
barometer at sea puts the mariner on his
jguard, there was - something about the
card that portended disaster, for it wore a
catch-ar-eatch-can look. No one particu
lar rider was able to ring up more than
one bu'ilseye, and Divina carted away the
long shot honors, winning at odds rang
ing anywhere from 20 to 40 to 1.-
Kleven cheap ones started -in the open
ing six furlong sprint, and almott any
one of the lot appeared to have a chance.
Master Cal with Nash Turner closed
favorite, and dropping into third position,
stayed there to the wire. Aphrodis, a 7
to 1 chance, ridden by Mounce, outgalned
Catherine Bravo, winning by a neck.
In a driving llnlsh Hafley astride Divina,
a Bassetlaw filly trained by Ab. Stemler
and 20 to 1 in the ring, gained the decision
by a nose over the favorite -Minerva in
the two-year-old scramble. The latter
made all the running, and to many looked
to have won. Conley on Lulette * ran
third. Many tips were floating about on
this event, the- best played ones being"
Achiljes, Graham Greene, Sileslan, "Sou
You and Lass of Langdon.
Wedderstrand riding one of his good
races .on Txvinklej- landed the gelding a
clever winner of the mile and a quarter
selling event. Rio Shannon with Doml
nick in the saddle cut out the pace, trailed
by - Florabird • and Twinkler.i? In., the
stretch. Wedderstrand shook up the last
mentioned horse, and assuming the lead,
finished nearly two lengths before the fa
vorite. Faunette, a 25 to 1 shot, landed in
the show. ...
After being defeated the day previous
by Alzura, Stemler's * Princess Titania
came out in the seven furlong •• number,
scoring a clean cut victory . over Satin
Coat. David S beat the barrier, leading
to the stretch, where he gave up, finishing
third. The Princess then went on, win
ning at leisure. The other starters were a
cheap consignment. . •
After noting the improvement shown by
MacGyle In his defeat of Hagerdon for the
m-e run, one would arrive at the conclu
sion that Dominick must be pounds better
In the saddle than Tommy Butler. Dan
gerous Maid was favorite for the event,
and never expressed any desire to get to
tue front. Nearly all of the upper class
men laid theirs down on Hagerdon, the en
try of Don Cameron, cutting the price to
8 to 5. Their intentions, beyond question,
were good, only Dominick on MacGyle got
up in time to receive the verdict by a
short head In l:40Vi. Dr. Cave was the
fourth starter.
Thrice beaten In succession when win-
nle O'Connor sat in the saddle, Maggie
Davis came out in the concluding six
furlong run with J. Ransch up. Any
amount of 5 to 1 could be found, and the
little mare stepped the distance off all the
way in front, in 1:13%. Doublet, a 15 to 1
shot," ran ii» a neck ahead of Mocorito for
second place. O'Connor had the leg up on
the favorite, Phoenissa, which landed
fourth. ¦ '
Neal Bailey Escapes From
Estuary to Be -Nabbed
- y -*^;-bjf Constables. . :
A Dive Overboard, a Runaway
Launch, a Charge of Murder' and
a Misguided Eescue Contrib
,.;;-,_ ute to a Sunday Outing. -
:¦» . ,-. . ¦< - ¦ _ « .. ¦ .
H . ' • ¦ ¦¦-¦
7. Last-i-Sunday was an exciting:, day for
"Xcal Bailey of ( the Oregon . Railway and
*Xavig-ation Company. lie started out for
' ft-'ruri' in William J.' Gorham's launch ajid
wnund up by getting a ducking and
from the water Into the arms
t of two Constables who were waiting to
put^ft. charge of .murder against him. In
'the -'meantime the young- lady . who was
,'v.ith him on the launch took an involun
'tary,triD around San Leandro Bay until
•j=r>th.e men\put out' 'in'* rowboats and one
'of them, after boarding: the launch, stop
¦pf!d "the engine.
The first s\sn of trouble upon the little
';¦ boat was seen from the bridge crossing
from the main land to Bay Farm Island.
* Bailey was seen to take a header into the
water, while the launch with the. young
- lafly at". the wheel kept on its way, the
'.'falr-'helrripwoman blissfully unconscious of
.'the loss of hor crew. BaHey liad grabbed
a. boathook. thinking* it was a hand rail,
and'Jt came away with him. Then when
.the young lady did learn of the sudden
•'(desertion- she turned the launch and made
back for the .float.
• In the meantime Bailey, after sampling
the mud at two fathoms and a half, rose
to the surface and yelled lustily for help,
Jrdt-.as the ,launch kept on* he turned hi3
attention to a number 'of fishing boats
that lay In the vicinity and one of them
..picked him *up. * • ¦ ¦ ¦
rt*3>:as the opinion of every one on 6hore,
'the t-j"ro Constables among the number.
-. iti'alf Bailey' had* done some desperate deed
•ujjon the launch and, after heading it out
to'ts^a, had -jumped overheard, while the
evidence . of his : orfme was being borne
out of reach of the Aiameda constabu
gpCtfl so wJien the fishing boat brought
/him in- to drip a while the two Consta
..lilts; grabbed him and demanded his rea
• sohs for jumping overboard. They were
: MJre he had shot the young lady, for they
- had see.n a gun^on.the launch, and it was
c useless for Bailey to explain that the gun
.•¦was_a 22-caliber rifie.and that the young
: lady was- --safe and sound. The Constables
; knew better" and telephoned down to the
• EncinaJH "i'ac«t dub to put out and stop
.the launch as it pasr-pd and secure evi
dence enough to convict the prisoner.
. , Her Crew , Had , Deserted. ;.
. At about this time, however, the young
.lady went -on -a hunt for the absent and
amphibious Bailey, and not finding him
(•aboard the launch she turned back, a fact
>vhich -brought- proof to- the Constables
. that at lca.«t there was no murder done;
and when the launch came nearer and
iher young lady demanded. that some one
<omie out" and' stop her, they let the pris
oner go and turned their attention els'e-
J where. -v - ' ., **
I It was -easier- to- put out -in boats than
iti,was to board the launch, for she was
¦gnitfg at good speed and the young lady
Mtnew absolutely nothing about the eft
prine, so for a quarter of an hour .the
launch and the boats dodged around until
one man finally managed to swing him
self aboard. Then he stopped the engine.
It was bravely but foolishly done, for
the launch v.as out in the middle of_the
, channel and the rescuer did not Know
how to start th# engine again, so the
other boats took hold and towed the
launch back to the float, where Bailey
was etill swearing at the Constables, and
i~o hot In th© ttnrper that his clothes had
dried. -*'>* ; "¦ «r. .. « I
OUT OF WATER
AND INTO JUG
MacGyle Turns Somersault at Tanforah Park.
Divina Wins by a Nose at Long Odds.
j • »_¦ . ' ' .
FIVE SEVERE INNINGS
FOR FAVORITE PLAYERS
The Varied Productions of California to Be
• Adequately Displayed in the East.
FRUIT PACKERS PREPARE
EXHIBIT FOR BUFFALO
TRAIN SERVICE
IS AMPLIFIED
Southern Pacific Puts On a
Local for San Luis
Obispo.
"Milk Train" From Palo Alto to
This City One of Manager
i Kruttschni.tt's Inno
vations. rv»
A number of changes are to be made at
once by the Southern Pacific Company,
for the convenience of patrons ot the
coast division, which will entail an entire
chenpre In the present time table.
A local train will be put on from here
to San Luis Obispo, which will leave this
city daily at 9 a. m. A train will also
leave San Luis Obispo every afternoon,
which will be run to handle the local trav
el exclusively. This will relieve the lhn
lted trains over the coast division, and no
doubt prevent the overcrowding of them.
When the new local train is put on,
which will be some time this week, tho
railroad officials claim that the Salinas
Valley people will travel on it. This new
rule will ailow the limited trains to mak;i
fewer stops at minor stations and much
faster time is sure to be made. It will
also prevent the limited trains traveling
at excessive speed between stations.
A "milk tram" is also to be put on in
the afternoon, starting from Palo Alto
and running to this city. This step has
been taken by Manager Kruttschnitt so
the trains on the division locals may make
fewer stops at way stations.
"AVe had- no idea that the travel would
be so large over the new coast division.
or that the line would be so popular," said
Manager Kruttschnitt yesterday. "We
are doing the best we can to please our
patrons, and we will make as many
changes as are necessary until we have*
the road in good working- orrler, and the
passengers are all pleased with our ser
vice."
! GRAND HOTEI
Mrs A L Baker, Can
Mrs B Lenzarder. ' Can
Miss A Lenzarder, Can
Miss E Nudennan, Can
T L Perkins & w. Cal
J M Remsen, Cal
F M Rutten, Minn
H E Hlggins. Cal
T P Boyd, San Rafael
Dr P Sanford, Cal
E A Gilbert. Sacto
Mrs S A McCord. Or
T R Scott, Chlcaso
T Clark. Santa Barb
W F Parker, Los Ang
Mrs E Cole. Sn Miguel
H Bradford & w, Cal
H A Jastro, Bakersfld
J Stern, Rochester
Miss C Sterns, Baksfld
Mrs Wittelshofer. Cal
E BarilUen. Paris
J K Kay & w. Miss
T W Leonard. Denver
Dr E Fisk ft w. Wash
F W Griffen. Bedford
W S Bullard & w. Ill
W M Home. Milwaukee
W C Swyer, Spokane
J Dovey. Phila
G F Talbot. Nev
A Berner. Oroville
H A Coffeen & w. Wyo
W S Mprrill & w. Cal
L F Breuner, Sacto
G B Barnett, Hanfoni
J A Cunningham & w,
Iowa
J T McJImsey & w. la
C F Michaels, Alame-fn
D Campbell. Cal
J M Nichols, Tucson
Miss C Robinson, Pa
Mrs L A Cleland. R I
J Rush & w. R Vista
T Fitch & w. Sit Lake
S T Hills, Minn
E Bergman n, Cal
J Schwarzchild. Cal
Mrs P F Simonds Cal
R W Van Norden. Sao
C E Horton, Reno
D Blum, Cal
W Muir. Sacto
C A Johnson. Cat
J II Batcher, Sacto
T I Phelps & w, Mich
Mrs R E Andrews, Cal
I H Runard. Cal
W H Nichols, Cal
? I> de Vinny & w. Cal
L D Anderson. Cal
Mrs I Rush. Rio Vista
E V Johnson. Phila
E V Wei ley. Fresno
J Potherst. Merced
G H Kelly, Portland
A C Blair, Los Ans
- PALACE HOTEL
W Winslow. PhiTa
A B Cohn, St Joseph
J H Dexter, Cleveland
F H Allen & w. Mass
Miss A Allen. Mass
M Lesslg & w, Chicago
J Williams & w. Mass
Dr H Demlng 1 Chicago
J B de Lee, Chicago
S T de Lee. Chicago
3 Lessig & w, Potsdam
J Lotter & w, Potsdm
K R Anson, Salem
F L Patterson, Salem
Capt C Anderson & w.
Fort Brown
O N Steel© & w, Cal
W Henderson & w. Cal
A-G Booth & w, Bostn
S B Emery & w, Bostn
Mies Emery. Boston
Miss W C Bliss. Bostn
F M Russell. Idaho
Mrs M A Wyler. Minn
O E Stone, St Paul
J H Brent. Cal
H M Blyke. Cal
H H Emerson. Wash
A Price. Wash
W H H Hart, Cal
J Wentzener. China
H iHoyer, China
H vA Palmer, England
H V Herman, England
Mrs L Daniels, China
A de Zelnle, Venice
F Llnther. Paris
J H Leurs. Hongkong
J Wheeler. USA
Misses Raymond. India
J W Parmalee, Chlcag
L Robsien. Hamburg
H M Keeler, USA
I* P Rose £ w, R I
J F Clark & w. Conn
I) L Mace, Los Gatos
Mrs Wlttleshofer. S D
Miss C Stern. N Y
H Brash & w, N Y
O Pullman. N Y
H N McKlnney, Phila
A C Magnus & w. Ill
W J Pope. Chicago
H D Smith. Chicago '
Miss Cushing. Chicago
R C Ellis, Cal
T L BUse, Pa
|J M Arters. Plttaburx
F Short, Fresno
C A Mering & w, Tolo
T T Williams, Cal
S O Jenkins, N Y .'
H B Wood & w, Cal
E H Bremer, Mass
F B White, Chicago
J E Hamilton & w.Cal
E B Coty. Sacto
C E Handy, Los An?
H F Mller & w. N Y
M Llnz, St Louis
A Linz, St Louis
Mrs W E Griffin. TtPnn
O J Smith & w. Reno
J E Morris & w. Ill
E E Wells. Ind
H T Bacon, Denver
F E Brookman, Chica*
H N Earle, Stockton
H C Windle. England
F H Johnson, Sn Rat
C Dunphy, Millbrae
R H Smith. Seattle
W E Gueren. Cal
Miss H Gueren, Cal
Mrs H G Stereson, Cal
Dr Flint & w, Sn Juan
J McNeil, Sta Cruz
T R Mtnturn. Minturn
W C Moore, Chicago
K Harvey. Kansas Cty
C H Dohlenskt. Phila
G Lavarins, Salt Lak»
Miss Lavarins, St Lakg
D O Haynes, N Y
Mrs II R Wilson. Ill
Miss M Wilson. Ill
M K Wilson, 111
G Harris & vr. Wash
H F MeClenner. N Y
Mrs E W Crawford. Pa
E E Crawford & tv.Pa,
Mrs M Baer, Chicago
C R Hlckman, Chicago
Mr & Mrs Easton. Cal
E Morgan & w. Mass
Miss F Young. Mass
Miss S Packard. N T
Miss E Packard. X Y
Miss G Packard, N Y
J A Cadwalder & w.Pa
MIm Cadwalder. Pa
C Sutton. Los Ang
C P Armstrong, N Y
HOTEL ABRIVAXS.
NEW AVESTERX HOTEI
Mrs Preizel, Victoria
J V B Cornell. Ohio
MUs N Cornell, Ohio
Miss P Cornell. Ohio
L Fosbur*. Cincinnati
W McCartln, Vallejo
Mrs Van Hoak. Cal
F Montana, S Josa
A Thomas, Cal
I.. M Olds, Chicago
C W Sparks, Waco
H r. Smith, w A o.
Mass
Miss Smith. Mass
L. G Carson. Chicago
F J MArrttt. N'J
G E Powers. Minn
T P Cormony. N T
H Davison. Oakland
A Funstrom, Cal
G Ro8PiUhal. Wl9
G Thompson. La
Bob I<ong "Wins.
MEMPHIS, Tenn., April 9.— In the twen
ty-round fight between Bob Long of Chi
cago and Bobby Dobbs of Memphis to
night the Chicago man gained the decision
after sixteen rounds of very ordinary
fighting, Dobbs' seconds throwing up the
sponge, claiming their man had broken an
arm. Dobbs outpointed his opponent in
almost every round and did most of the
leading, but Long had a bigr advantage in
weight, and would probably have been
given the decision had the fight gone i.ie
limit.
The main event was tame In comparison
with the preliminary, which was to have
been for ten rounds between Young Shar
key and Young Mowatt, both Chicago
men. They gave a fast exhibition for three
rounds, Mowatt knocking Sharkey out
with three strong punches in the stomach
and jaw.
In order to secure the convention for
this city in the face of the competition of
other cities more favorably situated it was
necessary to promise that $25,000 would bo
raised to meet the needs of the convention.
This money is not to be used in defraying
the railroad expenses of the delegates, but
i3 to be expended wholly in this city.
The work of the finance committee is
meeting- with an encouraging response. A
large number of very generous subscrip
tions have been made. The Market-street
Railway Company nas subscribed $2500.
the Emporium and Golden Rule Bazaar
$500, Murphy, Grant & Co. $250, Occidental
Hotel $250, California Northwestern Rail
road $250, . Goldberg, Bowen & Co. JIOC,
Nathan, Dohrmann & Co. $100, Royal In
surance Co. $100 and the Firemen's Fund
Insurance Co. $100. Other contributions
have been made, but the above are all
that the committee is la position at pres
ent to make public. Because of the great
benefit that the influx of so many strang
ers will confer on the city and State the
committee anticipates no difficulty in se
curing the necessary funds. The finance
committee is composed of the following
business men: Chairman, I. J. Truman;
O. K. Orrick, G. J. M. Stark, Thomas
Hodge, J. F. Kingston, J. R. Wilson, Rob
ert Keys, J. H. Humphreys, W. C. Mont
gomery, F. L. Turpin. J. D. Hammond, J.
H. McCallum, E. W. Stranee.
The railroad companies have been espe
cially considerate In arranging fares. A
round trip rate of $50 from Chicago has
been granted and with the special privi
leges which have been promised the com
mittee considers it the most liberal rate
ever known. The rate not only extends to
delegates but is open -to any one that
wishes to visit the State. While the con
vention is in session excursions and spe
cial trains will be run to places of inter
est throughout the State.
During the Christian Endeavor conven
tion, held in this city in 1897,. It Is esti
mated that 48,000 people visited California.
Conditions are now more favorable and
the.- rates secured are- mucn better and
therefore the railroad companies are pre
paring to handle a much greater crowd.
, The Merchants' Association has Issued a
resolution requesting the citizens to assist
in raising the necessary funds.
Preparations for fittingly receiving
entertaining the delegates who will come
to this city in July to participate in the
fifth international Epworth League Con
vention have now commenced in earnest.
The local leaguers will put forth a de
termined effort to .furnish an entertain
ment commensurate with the famed lib
erality, of California.
Ep worth Leaguers Arrang
ing for the ; Entertain
ment of Guests.
PLANS FORMING
FOR CONVENTION
TRIAL OF GLAZE
HAS SENSATIONS
W. W. Foote Finds Witness
O'Connor, a tartar to
; Cfoss-Examine.
Counsel Frequently Clash and Judge
. Is Obliged Many Times to
Call for Order in j
Court. : . i
• _ /
The trial of Robert E. Glaze, • on a
charge of having willfully killed his part
ner, William TTewhella, . at the Windsor
Hotel on January 14, was continued . yes
terday in Department 6 of the Superior
Court before Judge Dunne and a jury..
The proceedings of the day were sen
sational, and there were frequent bouts
between the counsel for the prosecution
and the defense, and. also between W. W.
Foote and Witness John O'Connor. O'Con
nor is the bellboy of the Windsor Hotel,
who claims to have witnessed the assassi
nation of Trewhella by Glaze, and only
the good nature of Judge Dunne pre
vented his being' sent to jail for contempt
of court. • " -
O'Connor- was called by the prosecution
and testified that he had seen Glaze shoot
Trewhella from ambush, and that not a
single word had passed between the two
men. He told the oft-repeated story how
he had gone to the bar of the Windsor
Hotel to order drinks for a guest and had
then- proceeded to the kitchen to secure
some limes for the bartender. O'Connor
claims that while Trewhella was bound
for the storeroom, Glaze opened fire from
the cover of a dark alleyway and shot
Trewhella to death.
The examination of O'Connor was plain
sailing, but when Attorney Foote started j
to cross-examine the witness, there was
trouble from the start. . . -,..•
Witness and Counsel Clash.
Foote's questions cut O'Connor to the
quick. Of course, it was beneath the dig
nity of so prominent a member of the bar
ias is Mr. Foote to "mix things" with a
bellboy, and the more polite Foote was,
the more impertinent O'Connor became.
The witness repeatedly told the attorney
to "put questions in a proper manner";
admonished the lawyer that "this is the
Superior Court and not the Police Court";
shouted many times that "you cannot
bluff me." and went so ' far as to tell
Attorney Foote that he "could not get an
answer to a question unless- it was put in
a way that a man with sense could under
stand."
The fire of questions and reply was
interjected with repeated objections from
the District . Attorney .and. admonitions
from Judge Dunne to counsel on both
sides and to the witness. Time and time
again the Judge called the witness to or
der and warned him that but for the fact
that he, the witness, was a youth and not
familiar with court procedure, a term In,
jail would have been his fate. .
. Although Foote tried his utmost to tan
gle the bellboy in his testimony, O'Connor
stuck to his story and never deviated the
slightest on cross-examination. When an
adjournment was taken at noon, O'Connor
was warned by the District Attorney to
be more respectful toward the counsel
for the defense,, and on taking the witness
stand at the afternoon session O'Connor
was as mild as a lamb under cross-exami
nation.
' Damaging Evidence Presented.
There were frequent wrangles between
Foote and District Attorney Byington and
his assistant, Greany, especially when the
prosecution called witness Jaggi.
"Whom are you calling," said Foote. .
"McAllister?". ,
"No." replied: Greany; "we called
Jaggi." - - |
"Oh, I guess you are used to that," j
answered Foote,, with a sneer. • ' \
"No, we are not," retorted Greany,
"and if we are, they do not cost as much
.as yours do,, and we pay for them our
selves."
Judge Dunne then took a hand and 
warned counsel against the' use of- such
language, and the lawyers- were thence
forth on their good behavior. I . ... '
Walter T. Sachs, who was stopping at
the Windsor Hotel on January 14, testi- I
fled to having ordered the drinks men- j
tioned .by witness O'Connor, about five i
minutes before the shooting. The witness
stated that he heard the. shots fired.
Alfred Jaggi and Fred Mentz, tailors
employed next door to the Windsor Hotel
testified that tihy heard pistol shots in
the inner court of the hotel and looked
down from the windows of the room they
were in to see what the trouble was. Both
men positively testified that they saw i
Glaze breaking his pistol and reloading i
the weapon.
A wordy war took place between oppos
ing counsel when witness Jaggi stated
that Glaze was "cool and collected."
Foote objected to any "expert testimony"
from the witness, and the District Attor
ney managed to get the evidence in by
changing the form of his questions. The I
case will be resumed this morning at 10 I
o clock. .
Tommy • Cox "Wins.
OAKLAND, April 9.— Tommy Cox, the
•Australian, won the decision to-night in
a fifteen-round go at the Reliance Club
with Tom Herman." It was a Garrison
finish; For thirteen rounds the boy from
the antipodes and the lad from Frisco
hammered at each other, keeping the ref
eree busy most of the time breaking the
clinches. They fought Marquis of Queens
berry, their own selection, and there' was
any amount of roughing It. In the fifth
round Herman managed to- land a stiff
right. He seemed to have the best of the
bout for seven rounds. Then' Cox made
a showing, and from that point on it was
give and take. . ¦ ,
The first hit in the fourteenth round
was Cox s right smash that split opera
Herman s eyebrow, and the blood poured
The Australian then went at his man and
beat him down. A minute before the bell
rang Herman rallied and the pair battled
to the end of the round. The bov from
Frisco was the weaker, and in the last
round could not keep off Cox's drives
0X J.T l M» a M-T ! . a ?? decislon was a good one
Kid McFadden punched "Chick" Fln
"^I.^! 1814 that "Chick's" seconds
pulled their man out of the ring in the
& rom V d> e T b0U t being given to (Mc
£™ f « ot the Reliance Club
S?c n um^an J c a e C s k McMurra * und^ the same
There are • about 10,000 Canton Chinese
in.'Greater New York. S " ... •
MUe-a-Minute Murphy Lands.
PROVIDENCE, R. I., April. 9.-"Mile-a-
Minute" Murphy won the three-mile race
on home ft-ainers from Tom Butler at a
.local theater . to-night in . 3:34, . breaking
the world's record of 3:45 1-5. •• i
WASHINGTON, April 9.-Georgetown
and Tale struggled hard for supremacy on
the ball field to-day, but when the game
was called at the end of the tenth Inning
on account of darkness the score was a
tie. Score: Georgetown."' 1; base hits, 5;
errors. 2. Tale, 1; base hits, 3; errors, 1.
Barkness and a Tie.
numerous varieties of fruit
II produced In this State are to be
!! represented at the Buffalo exhibi
11 . tion in a unique display. The man
agers of the exhibition have alloted
to this section of ¦ the country a
prominent position in the central portion
of* the grounds. It has been determined
by the fruit association to construct a
novel building composed of S000 cans and
500 jars of preserved fruit.. To facilitate,
the construction of the building oh the ex
hibition grounds, the lumber, which will
be used .in the frame work will be cut
and fitted here. When it arrives in the
East .all. that will be necessary will be to
arrange the different parts. The exhibit,
which comprises fifteen tons of canned
goods, will be shipped to Buffalo in a spe
cial car.
Colonel Bush, the eldest son of Colonel
H. P. Bush, . chief accountant in the
United States Branch Mint in this city,
has been selected as architect to superin
tend the construction of the California
pavilion. The young man who was hon
ored with this important commission is a
native son of this city. He is distinguished
by being the youngest graduate of the
State University. His studies at Berkeley
were confined to civil engineering and
after he had completed his course he ac
cepted a position .under the Government
to survey public lands in the southern
part of the State. On leaving the Govern
ment service, he entered the firm of Fon
tana & Co. in the capacity of purchasing
agent, which position he retained until the
consolidation of the canning factories into
the California Canned Fruit Association,
TALE OF CRUELTY
STOPS FUNERAL
Autopsy at Morgue Does Not
1 Substantiate Neighbor- {
hood Rumors.
!i v :: :: • ¦ • ¦ • ¦
I ¦ — -,
The funeral of Aileen Sutliff, the four
year-old daughter of Thomas B. • Sutliff
of 1912 Central avenue, was stopped yes
terday by the Coroner at the Instance of
' neighbors,' who told of cruelty and starva
tion that had caused the child's death.
The body was taken _to the Morgue in its
1 little white coffin and an autopsy held,
which did not bear out the story of
cruelty, and credence ,is given to the
father's assertion 'that a grudge against
his. wife inspired the tale.
The child was to have been burled at
2:30 p. m. Father Jones of St. Dominic's
i Church was to have officiated. Shdrtly
before noon Beverly Hughes, a butcher
boy employed by W. F. Roberts of 2817
street, telephoned to the Cor
oner's office that several women had told
him that the child had been cruelly treat
ed and beatings and neglect had caused
its death. One of them, Mrs. Philip Hal
; pin of 3126 California street, had asked
him to notify the Coroner. A little later,
a second message came by telephone to
the same purport. ¦ • ¦
Deputy Coroner McCormick, who was in
charge, notified the undertakers not to
proceed with the funeral and sent Deputy
Brown to investigate.
Brown found . the neighbors whose
names had been given him unwilling- to
make definite charges of cruelty. Two
women had seen the child. fishing a piece
of bread out of a swillbarrel and another
had' seen the mother strike little Aileen.
The story bruited about was that con
stant mistreatment of the child had
caused it to waste away and die.
Most remarkable of the stories afloat is
one to the effect that Mrs. Sutliff hated
the child, not believing it to be her own.
It was born at the maternity cottage of
the Children's Hospital, and, the story
runs, Mrs. Sutliff always believed that
several babies born at the same time were
mixed and their identity lost,- the wrong
one being given to her.
Sutliff brands this. story as absurd and
says that Aileen was the image of him
self. Mrs. Sutliff is ill and has not been
informed of the interference' with the fu
neral. Sutliff claims that the women who
circulated the stories of cruelty bear a
grudge against his wife because she has
not seen fit to associate with them. *.'.'¦
¦ Dr. John M. Williamson,, who attended
the child in Its illness, certified that death
was. due .to. mesenteric tuberculosis. He
Bald yesterday afternoon that the child's
wasted appearance and feebleness . was
due entirely to the disease, and that he
had seen no indications of other than the
kindest treatment. The Sutliffs have four
other little girls, : who are .healthy and
have evidently received excellent care. .
1 Dr. Louis Badgalupl, autopsy, surgeon
at the Morgue, performed the autopsy and
promptly confirmed the report of'Dr.-Wil
liamson. An inquest may be . held, ¦ how
ever,, to give those who were .instrumental
In stopping the funeral an opportunity to
tell their stories under oath.
BALLYHOO BEY GOES WB0NG.
Whitney's Brown Colt Said to Have
Developed Into a > Roarer.
' NEW YORK, April 9.— "W. C. Whitney's
brown colt, Ballyhoo Bey, one of the
crack 2-year-olds of last year and winner
of Futurity stakes, is reported to have
turned Into a roarer. "While there is doubt
about his racing again, it Is almost certain
he will not be as great a 3-year-old as his
brilliant races last season promised.
A story that all was not well with the
colt was circulated to-day, and, owing to
his sickness last fall, It gained credence.
Mr. Whitney, when asked whether the re
port that Ballyhoo 'Bey would not race
again was true, made the following state
ment: "We fear his wind is affected, but
are not certain about It. . He will probably
race this year, but he may not be the
horse he was." ¦¦-.-¦•• ;' '/• .'¦••"."¦ • .
• The horse i3 at "Whitney's private stable
at" .Wheatley Hills, and \ the .latest news
concerning him f since he went into retire
ment after his : campaign last year was
that he had 'influenza last fall. At that
time several of "Whitney's^ horses were
afflicted with the disease, and Ballyhoo
Bey's-* temperature was so ,high at times
that it was feared he would not recover.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10, 1901.
CALL*S RACINGFORMiCHART
4
ADVEB 1
• • If EARNT AND WASIJINGTON STS.— RE-
- *\ modeled end lenovated. KING. WARD &
i CO. European plan.* Koonjs. £0o to Jl SO. day;
u»5 to *S week; JS to JtO month. Free bathS; hoi^'
1 end cold water every room; flre grates In every
> ivocj;,clevetpr runs all.nifht -,¦¦_ ;.~- ..y . .
.NEW; WESTERN -HOTEL,
I One Thousand Physicians T^tify that |
Is the Best Natural Laxative ..Water Known to Medical Science. J
V Dr. William A.lHammond, New York, ; .'
, 9." Professor of. Diseases of the Mind and Nervous System in the University of the City of ' ¦§
q New Tork. -writes: "The Hunyadl Jano» Water is, according to my experience, the $
4 most pleasaiit and cfBcient of all purgative mineral -waters, and I have no hesitation in A
:.W -recommending it to the Medical Profession.".,- '• ' , £
For Constipation, Torpid Live^ and pBESiTYil
0 No Medicine in the World Compares with "HUNYADI-JANOS." ~ , ' X
1 XiOok £? THE J> ABEL on Bottle, \ f*'zi For The Full Name. ¦ 5
-i <aJUU **. Slue with Red Centre Panel. \ \s£&.££ . "Hunyadi-JANOS.". €
- Pa.triotlc Chinamen might now offfcr
their; heads to save those of the doomed
pi inces. ..--".¦. • .„¦.-•¦.
,' * . Dependable Drugs'
I We've
Cut Ovir
P ri c e s
- The Owl Drug Com-
\ : panv is selling medicines
; ; and toilet articles this week
at. prices lower : than ever.
Good until Saturday night.
Lola Montcz Cream coc
Camelline . 2Cc
\ Malnna Cream 25c
t Sheffield's Denrifnce 2 for 25c
y Bourjois Java Powder 25c
!; -"Dorin Theatre Rouge - 15c
.>Jtoger & Gallet's Violet
» Soap 3 for 25c,' V
J . Munyon'sSoap 10c
1 Burke's Irish Whiskey $1
_.. ' Clan-Castle Scotch
j '• • • Whiskey <5r
¦¦'ta'dies Dtilb Smnge . 25c
>fi ft 1128' Marhet Str«^t
; San Francisco
' <'' lOtH and Broadway Oakland
Bgjjjjjjjy 1 '***^ J[ j^iE&Jffi^jmH \^^JBB^w8Bj™iMCi«rt^M^&^l(-L^M^^mg
TvQKjJ XyJL j^6>VjSt7L_y-^3C^W^&9B&"Emf m. jEHgr£^na^^$^mFTiF^^J\j&* \ ft*%T 7fr 3 JS-jrf'lXtnfil
|Q| M. Pasteur, of France, invented a process for kill- ||a
jps| ing all possible germs in a product, and we use it. Ipf]
III After each bottle of Schlitz beer is filled and sealed; TO
Illl This is an extreme precaution. The beer is brewed pll
ppl in extreme cleanliness, cooled in filtered air, then fifiS
Igjl filtered. It seems impossible for a taint of impurity to rftj
jp|| We add vastly to the necessary cost of our beer to jp^lj
III assure it. You who drink it get the healthful results of Wj
|| our precaution. Your physician knows; ask him.
UW Thone Main w < Sherwood & Sherwood, 212-14 Market St., San Francisco. i^P
illl Every Bottle Sterilized EUN
- ' sOf the witnesses examined, so far, but
littls has been obtained that would cast
light upon the methods obtaining In Police
Court practices at the Hall of Justice.
District Attorney Bylngton acted in his
official capacity as adviser to the Grand
Jury, while his office was under investi
gation.
The first investigation undertaken was
that in the case of D. J. Barnett, charged
with embezzlement from a local whole
sale shoe firm. J. J*. Groom, clerk of the
court to which the case was assigned, dis
claimed all knowledge of handling any
coin in the case, saying that the entry in
his books was made, through the regular
course cf Police Court procedure. The case
New Consul for Salvador.
Port Collector Strntton ; was notified yes
terday by "the Secretary of the Treasury
that the Department of- State had recog
nized Encarnaclon Mejla as- Consul Gen
eral for. Salvador at this port.
Shoots Herself Through- Hand.
cldentally. shot, herself through the hand
last night. She was in the act of placing
a loaded revolver between the mattresses
of her bed when the weapon was dis
charged in some Unknown manner, in
flicting a painful wound. The injury was
treated at the Harbor Hospital.
INDIANAPOLIS, April 9.— The national
executive committee of the United Mine
"Workers continued its work, all day. Ac
cording to a statement given out at na
tional headquarters the condition of af
fairs in the block coal fields of Indiana
is extremely critical and all mines are
closed. " .. ,
The powder question is still the cause
cf all the trouble and it is said that the
miners are unanimous in their a-ttitude.
The clause in the agreement made be
tween the miners and operators recently
concerning the price of powder.has-prac
tically precipitated ¦ a strike at London.
A strike. which violates* any. articles of
an agreement will, not receive the sup
port of the national organization, and a
strike among block : coal men may en
courage the bituminous coal miners, who
have already evinced a tendency to evade
certain regulations -contained in the
WHAT THE FUTURE HAS
TOR 'SAN FBANCISCO
Colonel Charles L. Taylor Lectures
Before the Geographical Society
of the Pacific.
: Colonel Charles L. Taylor, ex-Supervisor
of this city and prominent in business cir
cles, lectured before the Geographical So
ciety of the Pacific last evening in Acad
emy ' of Sciences Hall. His ? subject was
"The Future of San Francisco." - •
7 He described the former situation of the
city on the edge of a continent and far
from the commercial centers of the world,
and then looked into the future to the in
creasing traffic with the opening ports of
Asia, the : development of . the Pacific
islands and the introduction of the ele
ments of modern civilization into the Ori
ent • and in all this he pictured San Fran
cisco as the distributing, point for the
trade both east and west bound. It should
control it all, he believed.
He also referred to the internal progress
of the city that he believed was coming
with the lapse of the next few years—bet
ter government, .better, facilities and a
greater-development of the natural beau
ties of its situation and a due regard for
the beautiful in intended improvements.
The national committee to-night wired
the committee of miners at Brazil that It.
agreement reached at Terre Haute. The
situation in Indiana is attracting the at
tention of the national officers assembled
here and they await the outcome with
anxiety.
could npt advise them to sign contracts
unless the powder question was elimi
nated. This telegram was read at a
joint meeting of miners and operators at
Brazil and caused an adjournment. Th»
operators refuse to recede. A strike Is
now on and a long lockout is predicted.
Eight-Hour Labor Law in Issue.
tjffitie action Instituted by the firm of L.
apa E. Emanuel to recover $1300 from the
Board of Harbor Commissioners was sub
mitted' to Judge SIoss yesterday for de
cision. The plaintiffs, finished the branch
postoffiee building at the ferry. In their
contract It was provided they should not
work their employes more than eight
hours a day. When they demanded pay
ment for the work done the Harbor Com
mission withhfld $1800 as a penalty, on the
ground that th« contractors had violated
the eight-hour law. .- r«
INDIANA COAL FIELDS ALL CLOSED AND STRIKE
• IS IMMINENT AMONq THE BLOCK COAL MINERS
Men Are Unanimous in Their Attitude and Operators Are Equally Firm in the
Stand They Are Taking Over Powder Question.
Policeman Brovm Exonerated.
The charges against Police . 9mcer
George "W. Brown were dismissed by the
Police Commission last evening. The offi
cer was accused of having been intoxi
cated and having made a false .report.
The witnesses all swore that he was sober,
and there was no proof that any report
made by him was false.
The matter of closing all saloons In the
neighborhood of the Presidio was again
under discussion, and the Commissioners
emphasized their Intention of abolishing
all places where liquor is sold in that lo
cality. The license of A. L. Rehfeld,
whose place was burned by soldiers, and
who -kept a nickel-In-the-slot machine
that paid coin instead of checks, was dis
continued. . • '
Quicksilver Mines.
'"While the investor's attention is now
largely drawn to "oil" vet opportuni
ties of a favorable * character .in mining
are not being overlooked by the shrewd
investor. There has recently been per
fected the organization of two companies
—the- Bradford QuicKsilver Mine in San
Benito County and the Silver Creek Quick
silver Mine in Santa Clara County— whose
prospect of successful operation is very
flattering. Both of tnese mines are upon
the main ¦ ledge . in proven territory, are
partially developed and are ready for the
erection of expensive furnaces. To meet
this expense a portion of the treasuri
stock is being marketed at an extremely
low figure. The . companies are offlcerel
by men of extended mining experience
and personal high character. H. R. Brad
ford is president and manager and James
Treadwell vice president. It is a sigmifi
cant fact that these were the gentlemen
who developed and sold the New Almaden
quicksilver mines of Santa Clara County
that are famous throughout the world.
The office of the company is at 209 San -
some street.
0OLONEL BY COURTESY
AND MAJOR IN FACT
True Rank of Oscar F. Long, Depot
Quartermaster, Is That of
I£ajor, TJ. S. A. .
Oscar F. Long, depot quartermaster, San
Francisco, is a major in the regular army,
although telegrams from* Washington
have given some , of the newspapers tho
impression that he is again a captain. He
Is not only a major but is very nearly in
the center of the list of majors, so that
he stands a good chance of attaining the
rank of lieutenant colonel in -the regular
army within a reasonable length of time.
When the Spanish war was on he was
promoted to the rank of major of volun
teers and subsequently advanced to the
rank of lieutenant colonel of volunteers.
Shortly after peace was Droclaimed the
lieutenant colonels wtre cut out' and
Major Long's rank in this regard van
ished. After his promotion to major in
the regular army he resigned as major of
volunteers and this readjustment caused
the impression that he had resumed his
rank as captain. His true rank, however,
ln the United States armv is that of ma
jor, but the rank of lieutenant colonel
having been bestowed for meritorious ser
vice he is entitled by courtesy as well as
military custom to be addressed as Colonel
Long. As he is' in the transport service
it- may be correct on the water front to
say "Long, may he wave as colonel."
In the intermission between the three
parts of the lecture Mrs. M. McGlade and
Miss Kittle McShane sang and Miss May
Stein gave a piano number. v . ¦
With this introduction he entered upon
the music of England. He sang three
songs, "Hearts of ! Oak," a stirring sea
song: "Rocked In the Cradle of the Deep,"
familiar to all. and "Rule Britannia." This
last song, however, he sang to words that
glorified Columbia and the "Yankee" in
stead of England and her rule over, the
seas. The pong was much applauded. .
- F*or the representatives of Scotland . he
chose "Ye Banks and Braes," ''The Land
o* the Leal" and "The Bonny Dundee,". ail
pronouncedly Scotch.
For the songs of Ireland he -sang "And
Doth Not a Meeting Like . This." "Fare
well. But Whenever You " Welcome the
Hour" and "The Harp That Once Through
Tara's Hall." and then, by request, he
sang "The Minstrel Boy" to conclude the
programme.
Under the auspices of the Young Ladles'
Institute last evening Father Thomas Mc-
Loughlin sang and talked and told stories
while he illustrated and described the dif
ferences between the ballads of England,
Scotland and Ireland. His subject was
"The Shamrock, Rose and Thistle," and
the foundation of his lecture was three
characteristic ballads from the music of
In introducing his subject Father Mc-
Loughlin described what ballad music is
and how centuries ago, through its
agency, Ireland was the world's mistress
of song. He spoke of the spread' of the
ballad from Ireland to Scotland and then
to Wales and England, and of the changes
;t underwent from the different character
istics of the countries it encountered, 'ine
ballad of the people, he said, must be
good, must.be pure and must teach a high
morality and the true ballad writer must
come from amonff the people.
Father Mclaughlin's lecture on the
Music of England, Scotland
and Ireland. v v
Another of the peculiar episodes con
nected with the Sullivan affair developed
early yesterday in Judge Mogan's court.
J. C. Wilson was arrested some time ago
on two charges of petty larceny. On
each charge $50 bail was exacted. Sulli
van drew this money from the treasury
on forged orders. When the case was
called Judpe Mogan, despite the objec
tions of Wilson's attorney, ordered the
bail forfeited. The attorney protested
and was informed that if. there was any
thing wrong about the matter he. could
present his claim for the recovery of the
bail to the Board of Supervisors. . It is
alleged that Wilson died in Arizona, but
the police are hopeful of finding him in
BALLADS OF THE .ROSE,
SHAMEOCK AND THISTLE
Sullivan Withdrew the Bail.
Sheriff Lack man n also has a little griev
ance against the treasury. He has a long
list of debits and credits between himself,
the Treasurer and the County Clerk, al!
of which arise from the present compli
cated and misunderstood conditions and
provisions of the charter. During the
month of February, 1900, Yep Gee had a
credit of $8, "W. F. Cavanaugh a credit of
$18, Pauline Prescott and Ernando Hol
land credits of $6 each for time served in
the County Jail, from fines imposed In
Police Court No. 2. In department No. 1,
Sine Fat also earned a credit of $96, mak
ing a total of $134 between the two courts.
Experts are now trying to wander through
the maze of charter-imposed complica
tions while the money remains in the city
treasury. It was paid in as bail money,
but on account of the charter's book
keeping method and red tape cannot be
drawn out.
In an exhibit filed with the Grand Jury
last nig-ht. Expert Kytka, by means of
photographic enlargements, reproduced
exemplars of Judge Conlan's handwrit
ing, embracing samples of bis genuine and
admittedly forged signatures. Out of the
twelve -exemplars two • are f org-ed and the
remainder are supposed to bo genuine.
Everybody has a guess at which is the
genuine and which the forged.
Conlan's signature varied from day to
day apparently. Sullivan admits that he
forged signatures ten and eleven, but
until Expert Kytka. decided that they
were forgeries, Judge Conlan was not In
a position to declare, whether they were
or not. As the greater portion of the
amount that Sullivan is alleged and ad
mits to have obtained on . forged orders
came through Judge Conlan's court, still
other guesses are in order.
Signatures Genuine and Forged.
Police Judge Conlan was a flitting visi
tor about the halls adjacent to the jury
room and Expert Kytka had prepared a
series of photographic enlargements of
Judge Conlan's genuine and disputed sig
natures, but neither Kytka nor Conlan
was called. The-examination will be con
tinued on Friday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
Among- the other witnesses examined
were Chief Warrant and Bond Clerk
Peerj', his deputies. Burke and Fitzpat
rlck, Captain of Detectives Seymour, J.
Kemppe, former Police Judge C. A. Low.
and C B. Perkins, but they added little to
the further information of the Grand
Jury. Although expected, no indictment
was found.
¦was called on March 16, when the bail
was ordered forfeited, but the entry did
not pass through the books of the War
rant and Bond Clerk until two weeks
later, the day that Sullivan left the city
secretly.
Yesterday's proceedings in the action
instituted, by Horace W. Philbrook
against ex-Supreme Court Justice Van R.
Paterson were quiet. Most of the morn
ing and -afternoon, sessions were occupied
by Philbrook's reading of the Supreme
Court record in the matter of the disbar
ment proceedings against him and tho
reading of u deposition made by Judge
Paterson during the trial of the Merrltt
guardianship cases In Oakland.
During the day Philbrook called hi*
sons to the stand under the rule that one
suing: for damages for alleged slander may
produce his family in court that the jury
may see those dependent for support upon
theplalntift. Mrs. Philbrook followed her
sons to the stand 'to testify that no one
other, than Judge Paterson: was called
during the hearing of the Merritt cases to
offer evidence as to the mental condition
of her husband. . " . M
Fhilbrook Reads Record.
BELONG- IN SPECIAL FXTND.
Are Not City Property.
City Attorney Lane Says Bail Moneys
The following are extracts from a letter
sent by City and County Attorney Lane
to Treasurer Brooks in response to a com
munication sent by the last named re
questing the attorney's opinion- on the
legal method of paying out police court
bail moneys:
Bail moneys are not the property of the city
and neither the general law nor the charter
treated them as such. T,he Auditor and bond
clerk must, account to the Auditor 'each month
for all receipts, as must the Treasurer. No
police court bail moneys can legally be with
drawn from the treasury without the approval
of the Auditor .upon the order of the court.
These are my conclusions after a careful con
sideration of the related law. ' *
The warrant and bond clerk is authorized
and empowered to issue bail bonds and ap
peal bonds when the liability thereof does not
exceed $2000. He may take cash bail in the
extent in any one case of $1000.
All officers are required to daily deliver all
fees to the Treasurer and take a receipt there
for. By this procedure the bail moneys come
into the custody of the Treasurer, who places
them in the special fund. .'This fund is cre
ated for the reception of moneys which do not
belong to the city and county.
Bail moneys are in the custody "of the court,
though the charter has prescribed tbat the
Treasurer shall hold them.
It does not seem to have been the intention
of the charter f ramers to ¦ subject moneys
which do not belong to the city to the same
elaborate process of delaying checks that pro
tects the city's funds. While therefore it is
my opinion tbat the Supervisors cannot be re
quired to pass upon such demands, this does
not authorize the Treasurer to pay out po
lice court bail moneys upon the- mere order
of the court and without the approval of the
Auditor. This latter official is the bookkeep
er of the city. He must know -what moneys
are in .all the funds.
I therefore advise that as Treasurer you
pay no demand for bail moneys deposited with
you until «such demand or order has received
the approval and audit of the Auditor and
that you report the drafts upon such special
fund and the deposits therein as of all other
moneys received or paid out to the Auditor.
UMATILI*A.'S CARGO
ARRIVES AT SEATTLE
Second Northern Shipment of*Califor
nia Oranges Will Be Bushed
to the East. '; :
SEATTLE, April 9. — The second . con
signment of California oranges, compris
ing 5430 boxes, or fifteen carloads, arrived
here to-night on the Umatilla of the Pa
cific Coast. Steamship line. The shipment
Is from Los Angeles and Is destined for
Minneapolis, where it. will be distributed
by the agent "of the Southern California
Truit Growers' Association. " ...
The special train conveying the consign
ment will leave here in the morning and
will take about 103 hours for the trip. The
fruit is stored in the ordinary refrigerator
cars, although two of- the cars will be
iced, by way of experiment. On the for
mer occasion the fruit ; arrived in excel
lent condition, the cool atmosphere of the
northern route obviating all necessity for
artificially lowering the temperature. The
ice now being applied Is solely for the pur
pose of ascertaining ¦ whether it will im
part to the fruit any. merit not derived
from natural means: i
the flesh not far from the tenderloin
district. This bail was withdrawn from
the treasury on March 30 by Sullivan.
Now the question Is as to the responsi
bility of the parties concerned.
In the Sylva case, noted exclusively in
The Call of yesterday, Receiving Teller
Perkins admits that if the County Clerk
does not make the amount good he will
have to put up for the error made by
Reis, v/ho paid out the money while Per
kins was at lunch.
"It passed through my department,"
said Perkins, "and I am personally re
sponsible for the amount. Reis was the
one who paid out the money, and if it
is not straightened out some way I will
have to make the amount good."
This money was' deposited by Mosto
Sylva March 11 and forfeited the follow
ing day. The case was called in the
morning and again in the afternoon, the
defendant not appearing at either time.
Eighteen days later Clerk Rice of Judge
Conlan's court made a report of the
transaction to the County Clerk, the lat
ter obtaining a receipt from the Treas
urer, transferring the money from one
fund to another. The same day Sullivan
drew the money out of the treasury.
Who got the money is the question.
SIGNATURES EXHIBITED BEFORE THE GRAND JURY LAST NIGHT IN
ITS INQUIRY INTO THE SULLIVAN FORGERIES OF POLl'CE COURT
SCANDAL FAME. TWO ARE KNOWN TO BE FORGED.
In making an appropriation of $6000 out
of the urgent necessity fund to be used
by the Health Board in cleaning China
town and anbther for $2500 for the erec
tion of a hospital fpr contagious diseases
on the grounds of the City and County
Hospital the Board of Supervisors reck
oned without Auditor "Wells. That offi
cial declared yesterday that he would not
sign any demands on the fund named for
either purpose.
The ground on which Wells bases his
refusal to recognize the ordinance passed
by the board on the subject is that there
are a number of Supreme Court decisions
which hold that bills of one department
cannot be paid out of another depart
ment's appropriation. Wells says that the
tax budget- contains an item of $12,440 for
Health Department expenses,' and i this
alone is available for the very purpose
for which the extra appropriation of $6000
was made. If .there had -been no such
appropriation made the urgent necessity
fund could be drawn upon. The Auditor's
decision will result in stopping any work
which the Health Board may have laid
out to put Chinatown in a sanitary condi-
The Board of Public Works notified the
Auditor yesterday that it had awarded
the contract for building the contagious
disease hospital to R. Sinnott for $2341.
The board reciuested that the Auditor set
aside the sum named out of the urgent
necessity fund for the payment of the
work in accordance with' the resolution
passed by the Supervisors. Wells sent a
curt reply that the urgent necessity ap
propriation will not be available for the
purpose. The work on the contract was
thereupon stopped.
Befuses to Allow $6OOO to Clean
Chinatown, and §2500 to Build
Contagious Disease
Hospital.
Auditor Wells Declares Two
• Appropriations to Be :
Illegal ¦
AGAIN ENTERS
AN OBJECTION
¦ . ¦ ¦ ' ¦ " ~yBsS@jS§5KjJi5nS8 t$
THE SAN FBANpiSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10, 19011
Long Night Session Results in No New Discovery,
i Though Many JVitnesses Are Examined.
GRAND JURY WORRIES OVER
CLEVER SULLIVAN FORGERIES
A SEANCE of the Grand Jury was
held last night upon the Sullivan
case. Many •witnesses we* ex
amined, and outside of theoretical
expositions of how the books of
the Bond and "Warrant Clerk should be
kept, opinions and experiences of former
and present attaches of the city govern
ment, with axes to grind, but little was
developed.
The investigation into Sullivan's meth
ods seems apparently to have taken a po
litical turn, and -while there is no doubt
that Sullivan, the self-admitted forger,
will be in time Indicted for his many ad
mitted offenses, the dragnet of the Grand
Jury seems so far to have failed to gather
In the fish that should be entailed in ita
meshes.
5
' ® 4"i"i"i"i"i"i-i-.i-i i : .i":"i"i"i-:-2"Z"i-i"i-r"i-i"i":"i"r"Z-i"2"i"i"i"Z"i"i-:"Z"i"i"i"r i- 1 1 i* •
% . WILL PLACE ON SALE |
| THIS BAY 5 THIS DAY §
| Special Bargains i
| ioo BLACK CHEVIOT. SUITS, Tailor-made, QC ftfl '.:
J \-alue for $io.oo, sale price ..'.". . . ... O 0 1 U U • ¦
|" ico BLUE CLOTH SUITS, ; Tailor-made, 0C Ofl
£i; value for $io.oo, sale price .. . . . . .H .'. . . ...". WwiU U ••
I ioo GRAY CHEVIOT SKIRTS, value for'.Q'Q.rA %
f ' $5.00, sale price ....... .-^ .. I W US U U £
* i 11 rvl< rH l\l ¦ ¦ ill I
I r 1146 Market Street. |
5^K^-: : .i.:..i..:..i..i.-;-.H--i..H"i»i»:.:: i n 1 1 1 1 1 1 : : x-w-i-i i n ri mwq
Those dizzy headaches are very an-
noying. Don't, you . know what
causes them ? The most common
of all diseases— Constipation. Your
system is clogged and needs cleans-
ing. .The best remedy is ' x ¦¦?
ADVERTISEMENTS.
White
Cottolene
is better than the best hog lard
because it is made from pure
vegetable oil and beef suet, and
will not injure the most delicate
stomach.
Physicians recommend it for
this reason alone.
But what we want you to re-
member particularly is that
White
Cottolene
makes the most nourishing-, most
satisfying and most delicious of
cakes., muffins, crusts -and table
dainties. Won't you have a pail
jSSE^ip} Tffe N'.K.Fslrbank Company,
•pi 'jjft Chicago— Sole Manufacturers.
¦ X'&jKi'S&iZ \ CDPPf Our dainty booklet.
1 jjMjfSffiiSs, ' rilCE! .. A Pub lic Secret."
-tf'-'fV&t^"" mailed free to any address.
S^fewf;^ 1 fend Iree our HS-page recipe
£^<(tfS&?J book. "Home Helps." edited
7m* by Mrs. Rorer.
P. S No Hog Fat in COTTOLENE
World Famous Mariani Tome
Hisa remarkable effect i;i strength-
ening the voi:e and maintaining
its tone. It is largely employed
by clergymen, lawyers, teachers,
fingers and actors.
AI!iDm<l£ists. Refus: Substitutes.
The only certain cure for Constipa-
tion. It acts without a gripe, while
you sleep. One dose does the work!
A too-Paje Book of Stories and fB^f?
Anecdotes of Abraham Lincoln free *^^^f'
with every 25-cent package.- .^^^S^^
ALL DRUGGISTS/ ¦
THE EMPORIUM. .[.'.__ _???_ JP 1 F 0B ' TU ' hL , _ 1 „ _. T^ ¥ MJ^j I : i P iL -
K ¦ ' ¦ .'.-¦¦.¦-,¦- 5
i Spiring Sale House Furnishings, i
i _ '.':¦¦ .,' V. . 9 Fuftaiiuire. fisr- i'
I iff^^Hr^^^^^^Sf^^l pets, ¦ Gro&kery P *
I Kifchenware, Bed-%
I rfffflffj Lindens*, Gur~$
** \ 8151 xWwt'il \ l^^fi/ Everything fcr the home. The great annual Sile which began Monday, con- 'ji
£ ' p^gNW'r^MM/ 1' liW^Mlf tinues. New items take the place of these ssld out during the first two .days. Actval
a? : j jjjflJSlIPsllg Ijsii&jl savings ol one-quar:cr io cnc-hall over regular pricrs, on hundreds of new up-to- I<
U* ' i g^ -^TTjfl date artx'es for home furnishing. Extra salespeople and de'ivery faci ities during this "tr
S j^^^^^^^^^^^M Ea!c - Here are a rew of * thc m3n y money-saving chances : %
*»° ; ? *'*^^=^^ffT^ffiP''nn $3-7i Stni-Porce'-aln Chamber Sets. £4?. 63 25c Qjart graduated MeasuiCJ ISO •*
j? |j a - \|l ! il fllLiU Sjnr.iPcrcelain Desstrt Plates — decorated with 35c 2-q: covere! Sauctpars. 26 O $
|f > # \\ \F^" tt^^ .^gb* gre^n btrder, regular £i.oo a <?ozen, 25c 4- qt enameled Milk Pans 16O %
tS li**-" 1 sac price, each $5C 45c Muffin Pans — 8 boles 26O •*
J£ I -fl^"" 50c Frosted Glrs Breakfeit Stts — sugar, 35c enameled ware Dust Psns 19c "5
K * „ ,j r» « R*A «« m^»* <9ti J51 spconcr, creamer ani butter dish, tale pii.e 25c Bakint Pans— 7 x xi inches 15o S
J f 3S .co GoWen Oak Bedroom Set. *26.51 .£ 33o 8 I4 . m ch Dish Pzn -cut to.. . ; ...^7o S
g $7500 Antique Oak Bedroom Set S42 53 55c Sem |.p orcc ' ajn Tea Pots— .mamie » col- 9 oc Bteached Satin Damask— yard 73 3 £
K {75.00 Mahogany B:d-oom Set. &t>U*UU ond flower deccMt - on| Fr j CC- ; £ .3 Jo | 2 .oo ralue Dimosk Napkins— doz:n $1-58 «
» J65.00 BirdseyeMap.e Bedroom Set_ Crwiresand Spocn Holders-fine imitation 45-bch Blejchrd Pfflow Casing jarJ...fOO J
S CU l£ M^ Sa ' e ir wh '"-y So DamasA-roiVC/S-aacJejantdamajk. J
f* 5 . $12 53 $1*75 Wood FratnO Wringer all white, hemmed end?, ms 20 x 40 inch:s
|5 50 Golden Oik Tea'taWV.: ".".'.. 53.' O ~™ h . - «_ " • ' *- ' a **5° * r iozen Ta!uJ » " e P 1 " "J* S
tfjio.50 Mahogany Pa lor Table.... $6 5 3 rubber roll, «nd fJZ^-jSfr „ • • ••• • • • - • • v ••••••• •". {* 1 ° %
5 I17.50 Iron Bed, white enameled. $12.»»f* galvanized iron D JCTXCJ ' Marseilles Spread-falt uze, nice quaky, new 3
£ |e.co Oak or Mahogany Rocker . . $2.75 that V* -|fl >' < _ P"^™ V ¦ • v,' u * v ' ' ' : " i m l *t *? S
I fs.50 Mahogany Reception Chain upho«er e . not rust, spec ul ft | Dam.sk Tray C oth-tem ut.h d it *»« J
j£ $2 75 sale P nce •£$ ir.cbss, a 4-c vi.ue 28O
Sf li.VobaVMah^VcrMaVeTabouiettj, ¦'.¦ *1 22 NH ' > i j Unen Finish Sheit-fcr double be J, Si x 9 * §
» * . . ¦ SI >OO 75 C : ' Boxes j| feiw inchfi, double warp, the best sheet 1a the Jf
i $s'.io 61k or' Mahogany Shaving Stmd .... -*> *& J »P a n C^A^ UH^ .«?*« «» wart, a 65c value, .-, j|
* . ¦ ..S5.OO ......4-SC*—f nle price O J Z C J,
* fto oo'bak bi.ii'nk'fabl'— Set $2 J.OQ =o<= Soft Diwn Feathrr Dusters tQo 200 Odd Pairs U:e Curtains— to be sold in ra'r* Jt
5 ii ac Oak Din'n* Qulrs-cut to O r O - 3S c Turkey Fe«h-r Dusters 25O or singe, hill lengths and widths tEght nunu- j»
5 {28.50 Oak Sidjbcerd ...:..... $21 75 35<= 1 3-«ch -nickel plated Trays ...... 25C f"™'"' ecru aad white, gooJ %
K $8.50 Oak Bookcase-reduce 1 to . $5.75 $100 Meat Safes-family size . . . /. . .87C place-, bath rooms etc., fcs: than taU S
fe fzr.zi Semi-porceain Din : er Sets now.... L^rge Brooms- 3 cc qurity ftr 25c ?«*«, nr ....... 35o»9Z»QO {[
5 { J *.. . r $15 69 75c Papier Machj Lap Btwrds 59o Bras els Ef ect Lacs Curtains— 6o inches*
«? 60c" Imitation Ciit-Glasi Pitchers' .:.... 39O »5c enamtled Tei Kettles . 57O *'&, «qn«te pattms ia whi:.- or ecru, 50 J,
g 3 5 c Wrought Iron Candle Sticxs 19O 8°c 2-qt enamded R CJ BoiIerJ SOc rairi srec .I tor this n e p:r pair .$3 37 JT
giocWaterorJeUyTumb-ers- P :rdozm3 o 3°c 4-^ Lippsd^Saucj Pans. 22o Noitngham Uce Curt 3 ini- 3 >i ? «ds x 54 J
K 73c Imitation Cut-Glas Berry Sets .... 47C 4S<= »-<it enamel Coffee P. ts 29p 'nches, copy o. the h^K des:gns »a real lacs J
* fi.oo Imitatioa Cut-Glass Orange or Frui: 45c 2-qt enameled Milk Cans 27O curtans, 50 pa:n special tor th:s sa e, p» %
!f Bowls— 11 inches diameter 59O-3S C io-bch enamrled Coiland.r 25C F 811 • $2*79 X
% ¦'" . — ¦ — ; s
? Handkerchiefs Used Dress Goods. Ribbons Used in 5
$ Easter Decorations Worth 50c and 60s, ?****£?^?° r 2£% n8 1
n~ «£»***<r*s~xi <?«#*«»• On Sale 39c. On Special Sale* 5
K *" n »f»CC?f««# *?«S#»>o We offer to-day on'y, about 1200 yard; of plain SiTtra'. tbou and yardi of a'J-si.k Rbbo.T3 mM
J» 108 dozen sheer lawn HandkerchVs, " elab- and m : xei C cviots and Venetian ; the phi 1 vjri-U3 wiJths that are mor- or !ea mussei Jj
jf osately trimmed with valenci.nnes lace edge gooes in a'l th: new Spring shades, such as from u e in the Easttr display; mor= than %o Jj
ft* and ins-it en, that wrrj used in makinj the n c'a, o'A rcse, biscuit, p-arl, gcbein, etc.; color'n^s. Included in tlis lot an 700 <f
great Euter B:ll that hung in the miin a : sle and ths mixtures (about 10) aU new, styl- yards of al!-si k, sath and gros-jriia ribbon, X
*» and which kecame somewhat soiled during -sh effects; excel ent value at the r.-gular T °> 16 width (2 inchei)," wor;h Qf%*
3* the week they weri on disolay. Our resular jrices 50c and 6oc a jard— ape- 1 2^c a yirJ; ta'.e prx: to-day o=ly A* jg
X : 20c and 25c handkerchiefs; en "&jfBa* cial sa!e prce . .", .* «?**'£? '¦•?}. ;¦* 9]
% spttW ' J " o^°r y "" h - '* G " 2Sc Pictures 12o, SSUBr & Co. r S |
3^ 7h?S Hmdcme line of ChildreVs Fancy H:afs in $3 F D £3£S&£2& £&g >
H t!hen*?cia water coKr fac-6:mi!e. Very pretty picture*, -- . __ *
*: MlsBM$m> 7™. «««* inch,. n««;.-i«™^«.K- Qia&esuariBroff*
Jfc j^MM^^^^^^^i ****•» inch he .vy dark gn/ mount-, leg- y,^^ _ * _ .X
6 '• Eithcr Iawn ul«ly 25c each, f pedal toJay on y..F2fC New fine E:on Dresses at 25 pr cent X
K liUfWIf or cambric slirt • . ¦ ie » n^ r S
I- (I) 1 ym chemise, 1™ Mil/inopy &&I&. §^f£f£p
I i/lfT -ffl^-w/cS $10.00 Trhnxcd Iht, S7.7S-This hand- gj W? V
2? %ji y 6. '] i '/l\ fri ly cu: » we '" A k r ig^ some new ta% us .
** < %£J / L 4a ?>** %»**•> re s' j - (m^^^^^0^' I1TnTrc ' i ith $ i --'°° n - w st > :e mjJ(\ -2
r» __ _ ¦ <-% mm *^^ zEus- wcr; new ftjt |; O .oo n:w :t/ie V \ «
at 00-Day s Speaais v 1 *"- r ' <fl^ cti a W " TaiIca Drc<8 «--- ? \\ *
I Groceries —Liquors jg|L $0!& |^|fK^!yb : I \\ J
French Castile S 3 aa— Best importtd, the ce'- r ~\^ X [^'""J'l T**'J*J??-£\L / / \U 5
g ebrated Virgin Bran 1, xooo large size bars 1 ( Wednndiy) $18 75 f ' U\ «
Z that retail regu'arly at 30c; on sp;c:a sale and to-moirov _ mm g- $30.00 new »«^.e f" 5» IV JA *
ft? " to-dav oilv D'r bar &*\0+k1 ' • - :..**mmmxM Tailci Dres'rs . ... / / \VI;\ «
A toda/onn,p.rbar jgjfjg* For $5.00 the Smartest New Rat-Made $22 5) L^ _\wJk '^
$ Coffee-Best " qua.itV; 'to-day, 1b 2 Q C of French ielt c-o«n, «:th Maia.nw U*oo new «yle j^jgsM^ffi) g
S Pea-lire-Washng Powder, 3 pkgs....25C br m; very dre,sv neenng notrm^.ng; C3 1- Ta;lor Igses -^-^" \Jy *
JC Wath'rg Soda-2 5 lb 3 ... ... 25O «? blue, dark b ue, golden _- $3 P t0 T °.. -^ «,'* X* 5
&»l>. nr lw(. a n r,,A*hS* Tf* mm A r ?a .rrwn, pink, rear-gray jp&oUU new ity e Tiior Dressis. . S37.5D 5
i 7?Js P ~ f SDam ° adC; -^B 5L7S Stow FcdorV $1.25-Tan and $60.00 new s ? le T. i'or Dr^. $45.»O %
I Seeded RarsinV-V-lbpkg^to-iavVsVkif Si ver gray, newest >h ip e, r gu.« $,.75; 75c to JLSO WaiSti, 69c— Assortsd lot |
ft ; .. ¦;;' 25C to-day and to-morrow cny tf Off of . several hunired new P.rcae WaistJ, J
t£ Am'erS:'an x Ciub Whisky— R-guarly 'V2.50 a • • • SSBmJtfS mott'.y of this ssison'f, many of Jast rsm\ j*
tf . gal on, on f pedal sac to-day on'y. $f m 0O Children's Trfaaaicd Ha'S, $350 A Par- Imt «1X «= W ft"/ conciuon and gcod Kylet, J«
K Ginger A!e—Lytton. Springs; regular y Jti. 00 tculrrly fin: lot, fine tfcaw, prettly tf mmed: "Z***Y 75. c » J 1 - 00 * l\' z S «»#.5°l C
% a dozen, special to-day 65o to dav and tc-mo,row _ ,-. >« »" one pr.ve to-da/ ani to- g% Q '^
S U. S. Beer— Pints; per dczen.........,50 o monow «*%*Cr j
% $5 Photos $2.50— IP^^ 7he Cataiogu-o for*
tt whicn tj get a handsome new Kg J&^**^ SJf n the prices cf 5020 art:9'es to eat, ••
K Funston Panel— p:rdcz:n |J* ; OOM4fl<s2ffd ICillC DAZ2UU** ™ drink, w.ar or use. Send ad- 5
5 .:....;........... $2 5 3 CALIFORNIA'S LAROEST-AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE dress. «
I and the "hily §
H Ulufltraic the dlrYcrcnce §|
H : net ween lard and . - Eg
|! A PURELY VEGETABLE PRODUCT. §
j|| Animal fat may cany disease with it a\d be g
H unclean and very indigestible. B
H Wesson's Odorless Cooking Oil is pure, S
*j sweet end clean. . It never becomes rancid. : jl
£j It goes twice as far as lard or butter! B
J9 Wesson's Salad Oil Is fu better _ value than BE
H *^ e a:s * °l'vc oil and has the same flavor. ¦
En Ask your friendly grocer for it. ¦A striking illustrations of the increased use of beet
sugar is found in the statement taken from the London
Statist that but a single factory in all the,United King- :
dom nowjefines cane sugar, all the others being wholly
occupied in preparing for market the raw product of
the beet farms of Germany, France, -Austria anil
;Russi? ' "¦ 1 ' ' ',
A table, included in the summary, shows/ the cane
and the beet sugar production! for each decennial year
beginning with 1840, and is interesting because it not
only reveals the rapidity with which • beet sugar ad
vanced upon, overtook and surpassed the production
of cane sugar, but also the remarkable growth in the
annual consumption of sugar. The fable is Vs follows:
;:*J> .- Cane Sugar. Beet Sugar. 1 Total Sugar. ,
Years. .- Tons. ¦,;¦.. Tons. „.• . Tonsf
1840 1,100,000 50,0001 : 1,150,000 ¦
; " 1850 ..„. . •..;... .1,200,000 . ; 200,000 V- ¦. 1,400,000 -
-' 18C0 ...1,510,000 . 389,000- 1,899,000 '
. 1870 ...............1,585,000 ¦¦ ..831,000 . . 2,416,000
18S0...: :..l,852,000 1,402,000 3,254 000 '
-. 1890 .............2,069,000 3,633.000 " 5,702 000 '
1900 ... v 2,850,000 5,950,000 8.800 000
rROM the. Treasury Bureau of Statistics there has
just been issued a summary of the world's sugar'
crop of 1900, together. with "a review of the com
parative output of sugar from cane and from, beets
svnee 1840. The report shows that the total beet sugar
output for that year was 5,95o,ooo ; tons and the cane
sugar crop 2,850,000 t6ns; more than two-thirds of the
world's sugar supply being thus produced from beets'.
THE WORLD'S SUGAR INDUSTRY.
ONLY a short time ago reports from Russia an
nounced with considerable detail that Tolstoi
had been banished from the empire.* If was told
that he had been seen journeying toward the frontier
under the guard of Cotsacks, and a description was
given of the party. Furthermore, the cause of his ban
ishment was stated. It was said that one of the mutin
ous students who look upon the great writer as a
leader had attempted t& kill an officer of the Holy
Synod in revenge for ihe action of the Synod in ex
cemmunicatirig Tolstoi. The whole story had every
outward appearance of truth and was widely accepted
as accurate. Unfortunately, a report equally circum
stantial and told with an equal show of accuracy came
a little later, announcing that Tolstoi wishes to' leave
Russia, but that Cossacks have been stationed at his
home 4o hold him a prisoner and prevent him from
leaving the empire.
Doubtless there may be some way of reconciling the
two* stories, but it will not be worth while to try to find
it. It is safest to conclude 'that the Russian censor
ship and military surveillance combined effectualH'
prevent political information from getting out of the
empire until the authorities are ready to let it be
knewn.
It is easy, to get up reports from Russia, and there
seems to be a bureau at Berlin engaged in the business
of furnishing them. It is not easy, however,>to obtain
accurate reports. Whatsoever emanates from the land"
of the Czar is largely based upon rumor mei ely. It
may be that the men who 'gather the rumors- act in
good faith and are sincerely, trying to learn what is
going on in the big empire, but they, have to pursue
truth under difficulties.. Official information is given
cut in whatever way best suits the Government, and is
just about as likely^ to be false as to be true. . Other
information coming from secret societies, or fiom the
guarded talk of the pecple is equally subject to sus
picion. Under such circumstances anything like the
wMe. and accurate nevvsgathering,- such as goes on
night and day in America, Great-Britain and Western
Europe, isimpossible. . ' -
One" should read reports from. Russia in much the
same spirit as one reads, campaign documents. No
doubt the statements contained in them are fairly
"within gunshot of the truth," as the saying is, but it
REPOF^rS FROM RUSSIA.
First Burglar (in the kitchen— Wouldn't
I sail Into that grub If I wasn't under
treatment fer me dyspepsy! ;
Second Burglar— That's Just why you'd
orter do it, Bill. All the detectives knows
about yer dyspepsy, an* if we clean out
the provisions they'll never suspect you of
bein' In this job.— Harlem Life.
"Well, we'll overcome It; but." I must
say, I never supposed we'd run up agaln3t
anything like that."— Puck.
"General MacArthur says the continued
resistance In the Philippines is due- to
ethnological homogeneity."
Johnny— Yes'm, but you had a different
teacher from what I ve got. — Cleveland
Leader.
Schoolmistress (to . dull little boy>—
Johnny, I'm ashamed of you. When I
was of your age I could read twice as
well as you can.
A CHANCE TO SMILE.
The Board of Public Works has been caught again
evading the terms and obligations of the civil service
law. This distinguished municipal body seems to have
been organized particularly with a view of doing just
what it should not do.* Its creator, the Mayor, ought
to make a demand upon it to do something wrong. \
Surely, the Government can heed and respond tp
complaints made with such simple directness concern
ing matters which, if trifling to us, are of great im
portance to the Alaskan natives. \ There is no reason
why the day of closing the canneries should not be
fixed for Sunday, as the newly converted Christians
desire, nor is there any reason why we should not
protect the fisheries and compel obedience to law.;
Another writes to complain that the orders of the
Government officials are not obeyed. He says: "I was
write you up to Wrangcl to tell you all about the dan?,
across the stream. They^ict taking out yet as will you
told them. They cut on top the log about six inches
deep — that was all.- I like to hear from you about that
case. You not going to do anything tuol?. Watcr
hight now, but the salmon can't go up the lake. I
hoping j'ou do something with it"
Several of the letters uige the Government to have
the fisheries closed t>n Sunday, so that they may "lead
Christian lives and keep the Sabbath day holy." . One
of the writers, who says his letter "was written in the
public of this community," informs the Government
official: "The first thing I want to say is this, that all
the people whose attention have been called to the
fishing business have been working on Sundays since
the United States law was changed. God has done" all
His work during six days, and on the seventh day He
did rest; and, therefore, we are to 'follow His Com
njandments,- as long as he puts us in existence. We
had an opportunity to do all our work (is needed to
be done) during the six days, according to the law.
iYou saw most of the people fishing on Sunday when
you came up in Alaska last summer. Almost three
thirds of them do. -not v.-ant to be in the same condi
tion, because they have tested the law <A God and are
obeying Him." •
It will be noted that the letter shows, for an Indian,
remarkably good command of English. Such devia
tions from the conventional English of our time as
occur are quaintnesses rather than errors. In its es
sence that letter, written "in the public of this com
munity" (Saxman, Alaska) is about as {rood as could
be prepared at a public meeting at any village in the
United States. The subject of cQmplaint is a curious
one, for A. D. Harlan, special agent of the Govern
ment, to whom it was addressed, says in his report 1 .
"Wherever I went th-re were Indians pleading with
me to use my influence to have the closed day changed
from. Saturday to Sunday, so that they would not be
required to break the fourth commandment. All the
cannery superintendents, except one, in Southeastern
Alaska said that they thought the closed day should be
Sunday, and that they did not know why Saturday was
ever made the closed dsy."
Another thing of which the natives complain is the
destruction of fish. One writer says: "We want you
to mention this in the public that all the fish in Alaska
is getting few year by year by the big canneries are.
putting up throughout the countries in the State. All
our people would have nothing to eat after the fish is
gone from each stream in Alaska, as we do not want
too many fish boats send in one stream at a time.
* * * Animals, fish, fowl, gold and others are get
ting few here in Alaska on account of tig crowd;
therefore we forbid too many persons to work at a
certain place, especially in a public property. As the
people do not want if their children starve to death in
a. couple of years."
AMONG the memoranda published in connection
with the report just issued by the Treasury De
partment at Washington upon the salmon fish
eries of Alaska there me a number of letters from
Alaskan natives urging reforms. Some of these are
sufficiently curious to be of general interest, as they
throw illuminating side lights upon certain minor
problems of the country and its people.
SOME flLfJSKAN COMPLAINTS.
soon as the dinner is over, nor should
their stay be prolongea more than two
hours after. "When the dinner is over the
hostess looks at the lady on the right of
the host, and both rise, which Is a signal
for a return to the drawing-room in the
order in which they were seated at the
table. When the proper time comes the
guests should rise, make their adieus to
the hostess and give a parting bow to
those not quite ready to go (more is not
necessary unless there is a desire to pay
some special mark of respect to an old
person or a guest In the house) and walk
out. Never begin talking about going and
then sit on and on, making no move to
carry out the intention expressed. When
once up do not stand and talk with the
hostess, keeping: her standing, but go at
once. It is not "the duty of the hostess
to hunt up a guest who has announced
his intention of taking his departure, bid
him adieu and thank him for his visit."
It is the duty of the .guest to go to the
hostess, thank her and bid her adieu, all
without unnecessary delay.
A DINNER GUEST- J. A. D., City.
Guests to a dinner should not leave as
HARRISON— H. A. W.. Oakland, Cal.
The late Benjamin Harrison visited Cali
fornia while he was President of the
United States «n April, 1891.
PILOTS— H. A. W., Oakland, Cal. Pilots
who go outside to board incoming vessels
go out in pilot boats. They do not "go in
steamboats or steam launches."
KING GEORGE COIN— H. A. "W.. Oak
land, Cal. A9 yon do not describe the
King George coin you desire information
about k it is impossible to state if it com
mands, a premium.
JUSTICE McKENNA-H. A. W., Oak
land, Cal. Joseph McKenna of California
is not Chief Justice. of the United States
Supreme Court. Melville W. Fuller of Illi
nois Is. Justice McKenna was appointed
by President McKinley December IS, 1SD7.
BOOKS— Doubt, City. Those who are
qualified to judge do not condemn "Vanity
Fair," by Thackeray, and "Expatriates."
by Lillian Bell, as "books unfit to be read
by good people." The books are not de
nied place in the best libraries.
INSURANCE ON VESSELS— H. D. B..
City. A person desiring "to invest In re
insurance on overdue vessels", should ap
ply to the marine insurance company that
has the insurance on the overdue vessel.
There all particulars will be furnished.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
AT HOTEL. DEI. CORONADO the season 19
now on at full tide. American and European
plans. Best of everything. Including; the char
acter of entertainment. Apply 4 New Montgom
ery st., city, for special ticket.
NEW YORK. April 9.— The following:
Calif ornlans are in New Tork: From San
Francisco— J. "W. Bavken, at the Marlbo
rough: A. M. Ellsworth, at the Astor; 8L
Hyman, at the Savoy; H. N. Stevens, at
the Grand Union; r>. S. Bachman, at tha
Normandie; A. Goldbey, at the Grand; M.
Meyerfield, at the Hoffman; S. H. Tracy,
at the Imperial. From Los Angeles— C
W. Jenks, at the Broadway Central.
CAUF0RNIANS Itf NEW YORK.
Such is the problem now confronting Massachu
setts/and it is to her credit that she has not shrunk
from. it. Whether any good result will follow the
discussion remains to be seen. It isnot likely that
any law can be enacted to meet the requirements of
such cases," for "they are too infrequent to be pro
vided for by. statute, but the Massachusetts people
might at least learn something from this tragedy of
the need of genuine neighborly fellowship and mutual
helpfulness. A very little /aid. would have saved this
woman, and we believe that had she lived in a, Cali-'
forma rural community she would, have found it. !
The pastor put the various .phases of the problem
in this way: "How ought the officers of the law to
address' themselves to the' poor, the unfortunate, as
the' individual br families are found within the social
order?. And what is this social order, or the 'civil
compact,' as we sometimes speak of it, by which. the
private individual is asked to surrender certain primi
tive or - natural rights and ways of self-expression,
defense and redress for crushing- wrongs? What, too,
are the sacred pledges of this social compact to the
individual which should be carried out to . secure! jifel
and liberty, and the pursuit of happiness, which are' t^
inalienable rights of every aspiring man, woman anW
child?" I ' ¦ , .. ¦•' V 1 -;-: : ':
The cause of the insanity being thus explained, there
comes then the further question, how far can society
and the state be held responsible before the bar of
moral judgment. The devoted, ambitious and indus
trious mother through no fault of her own had been
brought to destitution, and then the state stepped
i'n and commanded her to betake herself to the poor
house and leave her children to the control of others.
Is society in any way to, blame for such an outcome
of this woman's life struggle?
To that question the pastor himself furnished the.
am werby saying: "We all know now, as many of us did
not know before, the situation as' it has' been, and that
the .environment under which this awful change has
been wrought has 'persisted as one. of dire poverty,
overstraining toil, deep humiliation to a sensitive
nature, disappointed lovVr.'as water poured upon desert
sands, blasted hopes, until," in despair, the poorhouse
and separation from her children were the next steps
she must take. The word had just been given. her
in plain terms, and lo! as an earthquake of horror we
are summoned to the tragedy before us!"
The first question that has arisen so fearfully out
of this story was stated by the pastor who preached
the funeral sermon. over the children, in the words:
"What was. the awful process of these years which
transformed: the innocent, loving mother of these
children into such a tragic frenzy that she became
the instrument of their destruction?; Here is for us
a study of. the evolution of character upon the darkest
side!" , \
The neighbors, however, who have known the^
woman from her ,childhood, have found good reasons
for thinking a good deal more about it. Back of the
deed of maniac fury there is a story that is darker
even than the fury itself: We learn from our Boston
exchanges that Mrs. Narramore, who committed the
deed, was known to the people of Coldbrook as an
unusually bright and good woman, ambitious for her
self and for her children. Her later life, however,
has been one of poverty, hardship and ill-treatment.
She lived in dread of the poorhouse, and of what to
her, was worse, separation from her children;' and
when that dreaded end was no longer to be evaded,
she went mad and the tragedy resulted.
It will be remembered that a short time ago dis
patches from the East reported that"' a woman living
at Coldbrook had killed her six children. To the
outer world the story was merely one of those "hor
rors" of the news of the day which are 'read quickly
and then dismissed' from the mind. The woman was
clearly insane; her act was one done in the. ; frenzy of
madness; why think more about it? •
mASSACHUSETTS is so fond of discussing
"problems" that when no other subject is : to
the front her' thinkers turn readily to de
bates on "The Thingness of What." Just now, how
ever, they have a, subject of profound and solemn
interest, and the whole country will wait with interest
to learn what is to be the .decision. It is a question
which/ affects society in all civilized lands, and which
in one form or another has been presented over and
ever again, but rarely ¦with; such terrible emphasis as
has been given to it in the instance that has now not
only aroused the minds but disturbed the consciences
of all earnest men and women in New England.
THE STATE AND THE WOMAN.
Since*the Democrats of St. - Louis were' successful
with a gold Democrat as their candidate for Mayor,
Tammany Hall is thinking of profiting by the exam
ple, and the nian who is now; spoken of as the prob
able Tammany candidate for Mayor of New York is
T. E. Simmons, president of the Fourth National
Bank, who is known to have voted for McKinley.
Evidently Bryanism has struck a cold soap. •
A. B. Spreckels, whose recent illness
confined him to his rooms in the Palace
Hotel for a number of days, is rapidly
mending. He was strong enough yester
day, to take a carriage ride to the ocean
beach. . \
Louis F. Breuner, a merchant of Sacra
mento, registered at the Grand yesterday.
R. N. Peck, a member of the Stanley
Rule and Level Company of Newport^
Conn., is a guest at the Occidental.
J. R. Foster, a hotel man of Marysville,
i is at the Lick. l #
! J. B. de Jarrnatt of Colusa is a guest at
the Occidental.
Ansel M. Easton and wife are staying
at the Palace.
Thomas W. Patterson, a banker of Fres
no, is at the IJck.
T. W. Mather of Napa registered at the
California yesterday.
w: H. Clary, a. mining man of Stockton,
is a guest at the Lick.
"W. H. Nichols, a .capitalist of Courtland,
is a guest at the Grand.
r>r. F. R. Fisk of Spokane Is spending a
few days at the Grand.
Percy Henderson, an attorney of EIko,
Nev., Is at the Palace.
John L. Hudner, a merchant of Hollls
ter, is a guest at the Lick.
C. J. Hulton of Los Angeles is spending:
a few days at the Palace.
H. A. Jastro, a capitalist of Bakers
field, is a guest at the Grand.
O. M. Oliver, a merchant of Merced, is
staying for a few days at the Lick.
Frank K. "Wilson, an attorney of Los
Angeles, is staying at the California.
PERSONAL MENTION.
WEDNESDAY. .\ .......... .APRIL 1.0, 1901
¦ ' ¦
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Addreif AH Comauicttions to W. 8- LEAKS, Kan&ger.
HA.\AGER'S OFFICE ..Telephone Pres* 2O-4
VVUL.lCA.TlOy OFFICE... Market and Third, S. F.
Telephone Pre.i 201.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson St.
Telephone Press 202.
! Delivered br Carriers. 15 Cents Per Week.
Single Copies. S Cents. ' ¦
Terms by aiall. Including: Postage t
DA.H.Y CALL (Including Sunday), one year $«.M
DAILY CALL {including Sunday), « months ».0A
DAILY CALL (Including Sunday), t months....... 1-50
DAILY CALL— By Single Month «Sc
ECJCDAY CALL. One Year 1.50
WEEKLY CALL, One Year 1.C0
All postmaster* are authorized to receive
>. subscriptions.
Sample copies will be forwarded when requested.
Mall rabeerlber* In ordering ehanre of addrw* should be
JjarOcuUf to rive both NEW AND OLD ADDRHSS in order
to Insure a, prompt and correct compliance with their request.
OAKLAND OFFICE 111S Broadway
C. GEORGE KROGXESS. ¦ .
Hunger foreign Advertising, M&rqaettJ Btilding, Cbieigo.
(Loss Distance Telephone "Central 2613.")
NEW YORK CORRESPONDENT: .
IT. C CARLTO.V.... Herald Sqnnrr
NEW YORK REPRESENTATIVE: .
ETEPHEX B. SMITH. 3O "rlbane Building
NEW YORK Nr S STANDS:
• Waldorf -A etorla Hotel; A. Brent ano, XI Union Square:
JOirrajr H1H HoteL
CHICAGO NEWS STANDS:
Sherman House; P. O. News Co.; Great Northern Hotel;
Fremont House; Auditorium Hotel.
WASHINGTON <D. C.) OFFICE. . ..1400 G St.,-W. W.
MOItTOX E. CHAM:. Correspondent.
BHA7TCH OFFICES— K7 Montgomery, corner of- Clay. op»n
ontll 9:SC o'clock. 300 Hayes, open until 9:S0 ©*;>-rZ. -f 2 ;
McAllister, open until 9:S0 o'clock. 615 Larkln. open until
»:M o'clock. 1941 Mission, open ontll 10 o'clock. 2261 Market,
corner Sixteenth, open until > o'clock. 1096 Valencia, open i
until 9 o'clock. 108 Eleventh, open until 9 o'clock. NW. cor- i
ner Twntv-werond and Kentucky, open until 9 o'clock. !
must be borne in mind that the. range of modern gun
shot is very long. The statement may be within gun
shot'of truth and yet be fully, a -mile away. . Reports
from Russia, then, must be ¦"averaged." Most of them
art of the kind of news that the American people have
learned to look upon. as "important if true." The
question of; the truth of any particular report must be
left for time to develop. Perhaps Tolstoi has been
banished; and perhaps -he is under guard to prevent
him from leaving his home. The only things sure in
the matter thus far are that there is such a land tis
Russia and such a man as Tolstoi,. and that each is in
a quandary to know what to do with the other!
eratlon, Mrs. Beard, writes: "We have
prepared a traveling- library bill, which
we hope will pass the next Legislature.
Last year we had twenty-five traveling
libraries. They have gone In many direc
tions over the State where books i were Jew
and were greatly appreciated. One libra
ry of sixty-five volumes has just been sent
to an East Tennessee mining camp, where
it is eagerly awaited."
At a" meeting of the American Library
Association, held in -June, 1896, F. A.
Hutchins of the Wisconsin Free Library
Commission said in. his address while
speaking of the ' phenomenal growth of
traveling libraries: "This recent de
velopment" of the work is due to that
powerful factor, . the 'woman's . club.'
In mcst of , the States of the Union the
women's clubs are doing more than the
librarians in the establishment and spread
.of traveling libraries. When they first
commenced this work it was merely for
the purpose of sending special libraries
to the weaker clubs, but the possibilities
of the new plan as a means of helping
women and children of isolated communi
ties have appealed to them.'* , Mr. Hutch
ins has not overstated the case, and while
the traveling library was not originated
by the women's clubs, they have been the
power which is persuading the legislatures
of the States to create library, boards, or
free library commissions, and, in States
where the machinery already exists, to
add to the power of the boards that of in
corporating traveling libraries. -
At every biennial meeting of the General
Federation of Women's Clubs and at
every annual meeting of the State federa
tions the library interests of the country
ot State are discussed, and In no line of
legislative work have the federations done
more than in this. In our centennial year
the American Library Association was or
ganized, having as its motto, "The best
reading for the largest, number at the
least cost." Since that time State library
associations have been formed. The
work of popularizing libraries has pro
ceeded at a rapid pace. In 1860 the Na«
tional Kducational Association invited the
co-operation of the American Library As
sociation, and in the same year the United
States Government, - through the joint
committees of Congress, asked the Amer
ican Library Association for suggestions
as to the management and scope of the
Congressional Library. Thus the Amer
ican Library Association was at once
placed in the first rank as an educational
power. ¦ ... .
New York's First Libraries.
• New York, in 1893, was the pioneer In
establishing traveling libraries as a part
of the public library system. In that
State W. R. Eastman, inspector of
libraries, has them in charge. From the
beginning the movement was a success.
In the traveling libraries of New York
the books are divided into groups as near
ly eaual as possible in the range of sub
jects and in literary attractiveness. They
are bound in cloth and are packed in a
plain oak case, on shelves, with a ! small
drawer with compartments to hold cards,
etc. A catalogue goes with each library,
and in each book is a card giving in the
briefest possible manner its scope and
character. Book cards and readers' cards
are supplied, and these cards are returned
to Albany with the library.* A library of
100 volumes can be secured for six months
by paying $5 and one of fifty volumes by
paying S3. The State pays for transpor
tation both ways, except where the library
is a&ked for by unregistered clubs, sum
mer hotels or business corporations, when
the transportation is. paid by the person
to whom the library is sent and it can
only be retained for three months.
The libraries ara scmt out under the fol
lowing conditions: First, to public libra
ries, when the trustees and librarians
must sign an agreement: second, to com
munities without public libraries, when the
application must be signed by twenty-five
resident tax payers and a resident libra
rianmust be selected and a trustee, who
becomes responsible for the books and
their, return to Albany; third, to groups
of students, who agrea to study one sub
ject not less than ten weeks, In whicc
case a guarantor is reauired.
Women's Clubs Take a Hand.
Six years ago the women's clubs began
:o engage in practical efforts on Stat
lines, for during the period from 1894 to
1S98 all the States had organized State fed
tratlons. Then the subject of library legis
lation came up at everv meeting. Mrs.
Edward Buckwalter nf Ohio has been an
earnest and eloquent advocate of the free
traveling library and at every important
meeting of the general federation has
urged the State federations and individual
clubs to adopt as an integral oart of the
State work the promotion of traveling li
braries. Not only did she present the ad
vantages of the movement but she told
how to carry it on and pointed to her own
State as an example. Ohio had a State li
brary of 60,000 volumes, to which only the
official class had access. In 1896 by the
general library law this library was placed
in. the hands of a commission, - which at
once put it in the power of any aitizen of
the State to secure upon the same
terms as are in force in local public libra
ries. After a conference with the librarv
committee the State federation the State
Library Commission agreed to send small
libraries' of twenty or forty volumes to
clubs the commission reserving the right
to call in the library after one month— a
right which has never been exercised — and
the club. to pay. transportation both way 3.
The club making application for a library
sent Its year books and books were selected
bearing on the topics of club study. These
libraries were made up of books already on
;the shelves, as no aproprlatlon had as yet
been ' made for new books. The results
have far exceeded even Mrs. Buckwaltei's
sanguine hopes. She reports that in Ohio
tb,e -traveling library has made possible
the country club; that of the twenty-thre3
libraries first sent out twenty went to
•women's clubs and two to country neigh
borhoods. As soon as the women in the
country found they could "secure books
they formed clubs; groups of women would
meet, organize- and apply , for books the
same day. Thus through the ' rural dls •
tricts of Ohio go the libraries, bringing the
farmers and their families into touch w'th
all that is best Inthe literature of the pasi
and the present. There are now 350 travel
ing * libraries in the Stp te and many free
public libraries have been established in
the smaller towns and villages as a re
sult of the enthusiasm for books wh'ch
the; traveling library has awakened.
Experiences of Iowa" and Michigan.
In Iowa the success of the ' library com
mission law passed by. the last Legislature
is attributed to the approval of the meas
ure by the worn en'a ( clubs. One thousand
dollars was appropriated and fifty libra
ries - of fifty volumes each were bought
For these libraries there were 125 applica
tions.- - -. . , : • - .
In Michigan the traveling libraries are
largely in demand by the grange. It is
often said that the farmers will not read
but certainly the experience of Michigan
proves quite the contrary, as does that of
Wisconsin. In the latter state the travel
ing libraries are sustained entirely . by
gifts by individuals and 'associations, iln
August, 1898, . there j were ,186 1 traveling li
braries In the State. In August, 1900 there
were 238. - They are sent out almost en
tirely to the smaller villages and farming
communities. Fifty-four of these libra
ries are under the care of the free library
commission. In the work of selecting the
books f op, all the ..libraries,- fn v finding
places for them, and in training local li
brarians the commission has given its aid
and valuable experience. It has also col
lected periodicals and distributed them to
traveling library stations ¦ and poor com
munities in > which - the commission has
found. some "good people'.' who keep them
circulating/ During the last year the com
mission has collected and distributed more
than . 16,000 copies of such magazines as
Harper's.-the Century, Scribner's and Mc-
Clure's, and more than 20,000 copies of pa
pers such^as the ; Youth's Companion,
Harper's Weekly, Ladies' Home Journal
and. the Gartenlaube. The magazines and ]
papers are keenly - appreciated - by the
farmers and by. workingmen, who are thus '
enabled' to -keep informed In modern sci
ence, modern travel and modern invention -
A;letter^ from a woman ¦ who lives thir
teen'miles from a railway station in 4 vil
lage in the forests of northern Wisconsin
and who has the traveling library, is cited
bythe Wisconsin commission. She writes
"that the books are always out ; • that one
family who . never . had " any books in the ;
home had taken ; eight . in ' the ;<• last ~ two '
months. In many homes where the people
By Ellen MI. Henrotin,
ex-president of the general federation of women's clubs.
'-'¦*.. (copyright; 1901.) . :
VHI.— TBAVEL ING LIBRARIES.
work hard all day the magazines and pic
ture papers are more , liked than the
books."
Wisconsin's Many Libraries.
Mr. Stout of Dunn County. Wisconsin,
has established at his own expense a sys
tem of traveling libraries. All he asks of
the people is to. form local library asso
ciations and return the boots in good con
dition. Mr. W. D. Wister of Wood County
and Mrs. Schaffer of Chippewa County
•have done the same. The ex-president of
the Wisconsin Federation of Women's
Clubs, Mrs. Charles G. Morris, has been
for four . years a member of the free
library commission, and through her in
fluence the federation has supported many
traveling 1 libraries, as well as founded
several free * . public libraries. The
Woman's Club of Wausau has fitted up
fourteen traveling libraries for the small
towns and farming communities of Mara
thon County. *
' Not the least of the advantages of such
libraries is. the effect on the social life o£
the people. Whenever a library arrives
the entire community gather together and
talk books: quite a new experience to
them and in itself a- great gain. At a
meeting- of a State federation the follow
ing story was told: "The wife of a poor
farmer assumed the care of a traveling
library. The farm was situated at the
cros3 roads, and was therefore convenient
for borrowers. \ The farmer was an old
man, broken down by illness, and could
do., but little work. There were no chil
dren to heln and the wife did the best
she could to keep things going and to
earn a livinff out of the farm, but it was
uphill work. The woman loved books and
eagerly recuested that she might have
the privilege of being custodian when in
quiry was made for some one to assume
charge of the library. From that time
her affairs began to improve; as the farm
ers stopped for books they would discuss
with her the farm work, and they be
gan to take an interest in the place. She
had great difficulty in securing a compe
tent man to help in the busy season. One
of the largest farmers in the neighbor
hood assumed the responsibility of keep
ing her supplied with capable help and
he himself would oversee the work in the
outlying fields for her. The women who
came also took an interest : and remem
bered her sick husband when cooking
anything especially good. ! As she was a
great reader and had excellent Judgment,
she became the adviser of the children
who came ior something to read, 'they
did not know what.' When evening came,
her out-of-door work finished, her sick
husband made comfortable, then was her
hour of delight. She never allowed her
self but one hour of reading, fearing" it
would interfere with her needed rest, but
that one hour brought courage and cheer
fulness into her life, and as she. touch
ingly said to her visitor: 'It is all changed.
I have company in people and in books.
I can work, for I am never too sad to
work now. It has even made short the
long, dark winter days I used to dread
so much. It is all changed.' "
Benefits for the Children.
Among children the traveling libraries
are opening up a new life also. Some of
them, especially those selected for the re
mote districts, have been chosen with spe
cial reference to the needs and wishe
of the little people. Good pictures an-I
photographs are sent out with these books,
illustrating them. Pictures are very nec
essary to arouse children's interest. 1 They
learn more through seeing than reading.
This is especially true of children who
have been deprived of books and have
not formed the reading habit; it is only
by interesting them in pictures that they
can be brought to read the printed page.
Several of the library commissions pub
lish bulletins which give instructions to
women's clubs how to mount pictures,
their proper selection, use and care; also
giving lists of desirable cheap prints.
In the Delaware federation the State
library committee was given $100 to buy
books. After two years' f work the com
mittee reports twenty-six libraries trav
eling from school to school and from vil
lage to village.
The federation of Kansas has success
fully carried forward a traveling library
system until it became a State/ institu
tion, the last Legislature providing rooms
for headquarters, a secretary and an ap
propriation for books and expenses. The
president of the State federation is, by
virtue of her office, a member of the new
State Library Commission. The federa
tion turned over to. the State 3000 books
and forty shipping cases.
The Maine Federation of "Women's
Clubs has secured ( the enactment of • a
law creating a State library commission
and also a bill to, establish traveling libra
ries. Forty traveling: libraries have al
ready been sent out.
Minnesota has also secured a State
library commission. In Missouri the State
federation has started the traveling libra
ries. ; There are forty of them, and' the
demand far exceeds the supply. They are
sent into the rem'ote districts of the State
and secure a warm welcome wherever
sent. This federation has also inaugu
rated travelins art galleries on the same
plan; the enterprise is in its infancy, but
the committee having- I_t in charge Is hope
ful of its success. The president of the
federation of Oklahoma Territory and In
dian Territory, writes t that, "through the
efforts of the clubs twelve libraries have
been founded in the two Territories."
Books for the Mountaineers.
The most unique phase of this work Is
its development under the fostering care
of the State Federations of Kentucky,
Tennessee and Georgia ; among the moun
tains of those States. Owing to the lack
of transportation facilities it has required
great perseverance and co-urag-e on the
part of the clubs, but they have won the
day and overcome all obstacles. In Ken
tucky there are flftv-flve libraries In cir
culation in the mountains, averaging fifty
five volumes to the box^-nearly 3000 books
The books are labeled, numbered, cata
logue* and supplied with the customary
bookmarks. History, fiction, travel, poet
ry, biography, the monthly periodicals
and books for^children form the bulk of
each box. The railroads in , Kentucky ar
ranged to receive and bill free all trav
eling libraries to the mountains; the rba(*s.
also sent directions to the library com
mittee for the routes over which the libra
ries must pass. This federation has also
made a beginning toward the traveling
picture library. The Jccal committee of
Louisville collected half-tones of scenery,
noted "people, colored prints of children,
flowers, fruits and birds, copies of the old
masters, artistic calendars and, above all,
reproductions ¦ of World's Fair views.
These were mounted on gray cardboard
each finished with a brass eyelet for hang-
Ing. They were packed in lots of thirty
five each and sent with the ten boxes leav
ing Louisville. These pictures are forTr^a
distribution by the librarian who has
charge of the case in each district. A resi
dent of the county is selected as librarian
~-a clergyman, a school teacher, the prin
cipal merchant of the . town or som~
woman who is sufficiently 1 interested • lii
the movement to allow the use of her
home. As nearly as oo?slble the plan of
the committee has B«en carried out— to
have a circuit in each county
with the county seat as a distrib
uting point, but outside the county seat
the libraries are . olaced in mountain
schools,, churches, postofflces, stores and
homes, showing how general is the inter
est in the worlf. - There are now centers
In nineteen of , the "thirty-one mountain
counties.. A list of the most popular books
for the last year is given. It is Interesting
as showing the cosmopolitan predilections
of the mountain people: , .
Bound magazines,* ea- "John Halifax •*
1 peclally St. Nicholas. "Pickwick Papers '!
James Lane Allen's "Scottish Chiefs ••
.books. ' " . "In His Steps."
"Aesop's Fables." "Little Peppers "
"Vicar of "Wakefleld." "Zigzag Journey "
."Swiss _ Family Robin- "Lord Fauntleroy."
son."* : __ -• Louisa Alcott's works.
"Robinson Crusoe." "Adam Bede "
VSam Jones' Ser- "Little Women." v «'|
> mons." ' "Bow of Orange Rlb
"Vassar Girls on the bon." " ranse « 1D "
' Nile." -.- ?•¦-¦¦. "Red Rock."
. , Besults in > Tennessee.
The ex-president of the Tennessee fed-
¦VVhat American Women's Clubs Have Done
to Supply the Country \Vith Litera
-¦ ture in Traveling Libraries.
Prepared -by Experts and- Specialists for
The San Francisco Gall.
PAPERS ON CURRENT TOPICS,
We admit that the spectacle is not novel. The cold
blooded lying in treaties and violation of every prin
ciple of honor in dealing with the Indian tribes have
smutted the history of a century. Dishonor has char
acterized every deal and contact with the Indians.
The hopeful tribes, which were our trustful allies in
wsr, have fared no bettor than those which ,were our
enemies. We have treated all alike, with impartial
"perfidy and villainy. This is the first time, however,
that our judicial establishment has taken a hand in the
game of dishonor.
Have the American people that quality called con
science about them? Has' any people ever preceded
us with less regard for plighted faith, when it is
pledged to the weak, who cannot resist its violation?
By parity of judicial * procedure a Federal Judge
could have before him rll the voters of a county and
put upon them fine and imprisonment, suspending sen
tence on condition that they vote his ticket.
This precious Judge is named John R. Thomas, and
hi? court sits at Muskogee. Describing 1 tlic proceeding,
he said: "The Snake band of Indians, who resisted
the enrollment under the Dawes Commission, are now
peaceable after encountering a United States Marsha!
and a troop of cavalry. I had 182 of th»tm before my
court, every man on four different indictments. I gave
them a good talking to. sentenced each *or four years
and imposed an additional fine of $5000. Then I sus
pended sentence, and warned them that they had better
not resist the ratification of the Creek treaty. The
council for that ratification will be held June 2. The
Indians are now very tractable." *
The Dawes enrollment was a violation of the orig
inal treaty, and the new one supersedes it altogether.
This smug Judge, after ordering four years' imprison
ment and $5000 fine as' the penalty of upholding the
existing treaty, suspended sentence on condition that
the Creeks will not opocs# the new treaty. "The In
dians are now very tractable," no doubt." 3 .
The story is told by the Federal Judge before whon.'
these Indians were tried for the-offense of considering
the treaty made by Jackson with their fathers' a bind
ing obligation on them and the United States.
Rememberiugthat the original treaty recognized and
perpetuated *the tribal relation and tribal rights and.
laws, and that all the Snake leader did was to insist on
enforcement of the tribal laws, the subsequent pjo
ccedings have a rare interest and should make the
American people blush in the dark.
The first step in this conspiracy is the relinquishment
of tribal title in the Indian Territory. In order to ac
complish this a treaty has been made which the Indians
are required to ratify. A majority of the full-bloods are
bitterly opposed to it, a? are many of the half-castes.
The recent outbreak of the Snake band of Creeks was
onty a mode of expressing opposition to the treaty.
The far-sighted men in the four tribes have opened
negotiations for a grant of land in Mexico, declaring
that they will not live under a government that is
faithless, but will go to one that keeps its treaties
inviolate. These men. see the hopelessness of resist
ance, but others, with the fighting bloo-i of Push-ma
tth-ha in them, do not accept the situation with as
n;uch philosophy. These sympathized with the leader
of the Snake band, who led a forlorn hope, not to do
any illegal violence, but to rouse his tribesmen to
the conspiracy of the Oklahoma uiinexers. He
and hb men, who numbered a large force, surrendered,
the prominent ones were taken before the Federal
court and the rest were released.
Now, however, ' their fine territory is coveted by
white men. The politicians of Oklahoma have discov
ered that that Territory can never support a State gov
ernment, and so they want the rich area of the Indian
Territory added to it and the whole admitted as a
Slate. .
In this manner treaties were made with' the Creek?,
Cherokees, Choctaws and Chickasaws, by which they
exchanged their lands east of the Mississippi River
for land in the Indian Territory, which was to be held
as tribal property. These civilized tribes were to be
undisturbed in their new possessions, and have worked
out their destiny, prospering, individually and flour-:
ishing as tribes. They have many schools and- have
furnished a large number of highly educated men of
afteirs, who have achieved fame.
l' ; -
rROM the beginning of this Government the
Indian tribes have been treated as nations, and
the many treaties made with them have • been
upon exactly the same basis as treaties with any of the
nations of the world.
COERCION CF INDIANS.
THE SA15P FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 30/1901.
6
NOT COD-LIVER OIL
but Scott's emulsion of cod-
liver oil. They are not the
same; far from it.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is officially estimated that the wheat
crop of India Is 184,000,000 bushels, against
238,000,000 last -season, and 227,000,000 tha
average of five years past.
Special information - supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen* 9), 510 Mont-
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. . •
Choice candies, Townsend's, Palace Hotel.*
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townaend'a.*
TO SUBSCRIBERS LEAYING TOWN FOR THE SUKMER.
Call ftabftcrtbers contemplating a change of
reaideiice daring: tbe summer months can have
*h«"ir paper forwarded by mall to their neir
addresses by notifying: The Call Business Office.
This pajocr will also- be on nale at all anmmer
reaorts and is represented by a local agent In
all towm on the coast. *
AUCTION SALES.
By G. H. TJmbFen— Thursday, April 18, at 12 o'clock. Busi-
ness Property, at 14 Montgomery street.
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "More Than Queen."
Central— "Ingomar."
Tivoll— "The Idol'B Eye."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
• Alcazar — "Tennessee's Pardner."
Grand Opera-house— "Cinderella,"
Olympia, corner Mason and Eddy streets— Special tlea.
Chutes. Zoo and Theater— Vaudeville every afternoon and
•veninff.
FtBcher'r — Vaudeville.
Tanforan Park— Races.
Pure cod-liver oil is hard to
take and hard to digest. A
man that can keep it down,
can saw wood. He thinks he
is s : ck; he is lazy.
e^I^Si * ead you * litUe to tr 7 u y°« Eke.
SCOTT & BOWNE. «pJ5^ Ne» York.
Let cod-liver oil alone if you
need it. .When your physician
orders toast, do you breakfast
on flour ?
Scott's emulsion is cod-liver
oil prepared for the stomach.WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10.
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides ; are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time of
day; the third time column gives the last tide
Water Front Notes.
The Companla Sud Americano de
Vapores' Arequipa sails at noon to-day
for Central and South American ports.
Captain Evans, who is among the passen
gers booked to sail on the vessel. Is to Join
the British ship Eaton Hall at Callao and
bring her to San FTancIscb. The Eaton
Hall was one of the overdue fleet, but
made South America In safety. Those
booked to leave on the Arequipa to-day
are the following named:
H. Junior. J. W. Rcbledo and wife. C. E.
Moore. Miss M. A. Perrier. Herr Hinckle and
wife, I.. A. Bodwell. R. C. Kirk. Conrad Horst
end wife. May Forbes, H. B. Fields, John G.
Brick, Mrs. C. Guerrero, Miss D. Guerrero,
Captain Evans and wife, Basil Evans, M.
Wolf, D. M. FergTjPon, S. W. Northcutt and
•wife. G. W. Bye, Catherine Evans and Louis
fmith.
The Ships Clerks' Association will be
come a member of the American Federa
tion of Labor to-night. There are more
than seventy charter members and they
•will all meet at 46 Steuart street this even
ing to organize. A notice will then be
ordered sent to shipowners and merchants
notifying them that the association will
be ready at a moment's notice to furnish
experienced clerks for the discharging- and
loading: of vessels.
Andrew Maial, a Russian-Finn, must
have a wonderfully thick skull. Yester
day he fell head first Into the hold, of the
bark Will D. Case and everybody thought
he wa.' killed. An attempt was made to
take Maial to the hospital, but he In-
Flsted that nothing was the matter with
himself. He was finally taken to the har
bor hospital In a wagon, but the doctors
could not find a scratch on him. Maial
fell thirty feet and landed on his head.
The Annie Johnson will load merchandise for
Kilo.
NEWS OF THE OCEAU.
Departure of the Japanese Liner.
Th«» Japanese line steamer Hongkong Maru
eailed yesterday for China and Japan with a
general cargo for the Orient, valued at $393,
145, manifested as follows: For China, JS4.303
for Japan. J58.216; for Manila, $40,358; for East
Indies. $3915; for Korea, $3237; for Vladivostok,
S50S6. The cargo included the following:
For China— 20,000 lbs abalone meat, 621 csks
bottled beer. 4928 lbs beans, 1067 cs canned
poodt., 26SS lbs chocalate, 1609 lbs cheese, 1312
lbs coffee. 250 bales domestics, 31 cs drugs, 15
or electrical supplies. 10,538 bbls flour, SSI
rksrs groceries and provisions, 12 csks ginseng,
*"•'¦.. ]!>= ham and bacon, 14 pigs lead. 1000 lbs
peas, r.000 lbs pearl barley, 14 cs rubber shoes,
£5 cs salmon, 26 cs 11,620 gals wine.
For Japan— 27 pkgs agricultural Implements,
302 cr bicycles and sundries, 4188 lbs butter,
2Tj7 cs canned goods, 988 lbs chocolate. 10 cs
drugs. 7 cs electrical supplies, 515 bbls flour,
94S pkgs groceries and provisions, ;38 rolls
leather. 102,575 ft lumber. 60 cs liquors. , 2051
pigs lead, 8 cr machinery. 3570 kegs nai'lfe, 8S
bbls resin. 120.000 lbs salt, 30 rolls sheet lead,
56.000 lbs soda ash. 7 cs typewriters, 1436 gals
wine.
For Manila— 9 cs bicycles and sundries. 138
cs blackberry brandy, 1605 csks bottled beer,
S5 os canned goodss 11 cs electrical supplies.
72S& lbs glucose, 109 pkgs groceries and pro
visions. 30 cs hardware. 232 ca liquors, 63 278
lbs malt. 2000 cr potatoes. 133 cs 25 half bbls
whisky. 500 gals wine.
For EaFt Indie*— 332 cs canned fruit 330 cr
canned salmon, 4 pkgs machinery. 1S14 gals
wine.
For Korea— S8 pkgs groceries and provisions,
600 bxs candles, 28 pkgs machinery. 300 Ibis
millstuffs. 2 pkgs dry goods.
For- Vladivostok— 161 pkgs groceries and pro
visions, 41« pkgs agricultural implements, 1
pkg machinery.
Shipment of Wheat.
The Austrian steamer Marianne sailed yes
terday for Barcelona with 113.699 ctls wh»;at,
valued at 1115,120. and 38,000 feet lumber as
dunnage, valued at ?5S8.
Shipping Intelligence.
ARRIVED
Tuesday, April 9.
Stmr Homer. Donaldson, CO hours from San
Diego, via Kan Pedro 50 hours.
Etmr Del Norte. Allen. 32 hours from Cres
cent City. . •
rsr ttrnr Wellington, Salmcnd, 3^4 days from
Oyster Harbor. «
There wu not a large crowd down to see
-de Toyo Klsen Kaisha's steamship Hong
kong Maru sail for the Orient yesterday
as she only took away a small list of cabin
passengers. There was one passenger for
Honolulu, R. B. Banning. He was par
ticularly anxious to get to the Islands,
•and as there is no vessel that flies the
American flag leaving: until the 17th inst.,
he determined to pay upon his ar
rival 5200 penalty imposed by the
Government and took passage on the
Hongkong Maru. Mr. Banning's trip,
therefore, will cost him $275. He is a capi
talist. Interested in Hawaiian securities,
and the chances are that some news he re
ceived by the China took him to the
Islands in a hurry.
When Mr. Banning applied to the agents
of the Japanese steamship he was at first
refused a passage. He then appealed to
Collector of the Port Stratton and that
gentleman allowed him to go with the
understanding that the fine is to be paid in
Honolulu.
The Toyo Kisen Kalsha boats seem to be
the onlv ones that are breaking 1 the law.
Their last steamship from the Islands
brought up two passengers, who are sup
posed to have paid the fine, and now the
Hongkong Maru goes out with a third.
The question now is, "How many Hono
lulu passengers will the Doric and the
Xippon Maru bring: up with them?"
The cabin passengers on the Hongkong
Maru and those who will Join at Honolulu
are as follows:
For TIcnolulu — B. R. Banning.
For Yokohama^ — W. Astheirmer. John Becker,
A. C. Bryer. K- Bent. S. Hiramateu, C. P.
Low, James Me Williams. L. W. Smith, Robeit
Bulrer, M. Tanaka, E. V. Wilbern. K. Ye
truchl.
For Kobe— H. Komada, K. Murakami.
Tor Shanghai— Kev. H. Jenkins and wife.
For Monsrkon*— K. W. Brooks. C. P. Dodge.
Mrs. O. P. Dodge, F. E. Emery, W. A. Far
n-er. F. P. Hamill. Miss N. Lunt. Mrs. Mc-
V.'ade. Thomas Marsnlp, Miss S. L. Mitchell,
llrs. Rountree, E. Schultz and A. H. Wright
•en.
To Join at .Honolulu — J. Branbach. L. O.
<"arlton, G. F. Fry, C. Givjernaud and wife.
L. Givernaud, Miss A. Kelly. E. G. New
comb, C. C. Nichols and wife, L. Plate. A.
Ptead and wife. Dr. A. J. Torhilhon and C.
IVentseL
Resides her cabin passengrers, the Hong
kong Maru too£ away fifteen Japanese
ar.d Fixty Chinese In the steerage and a
valuable carpo. Captain and crew- are
hoping to have a more favorable trip than
they had last February, when the steam
ship was in a. succession of gales and four
of the crew were injured.
Bktn Katie Flicklnger, Sederinan. B0 days
from Amapala: bound to Eureka; put in on
account of vessel being foul.
Schr Abble, Peterson, 5 days from Coos
Bay.
6chr Bender Bros, Wetrel, 16 hours from
Fishermans Bay.
Schr Abble. Petersen. 5 days from Coos Bay.
Schr North Bend, Jackson, 5% days from
Willapa Harbor.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. April 9.
Stmr Queen. Thomas, San Diego; Goodail,
Perkins & Co.
Stmr No"rth Fork, McLellan, Eureka; The
Chas Nelson Co.
Aus stmr Marianne, Consullch, Barcelona;
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Filmer, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu; W H Avery.
Ship Tacoma, Pedersen, Bristol Bay; Alaska
Packers' Association.
Ship Lucile, Anderson, Bristol Bay; Red Sal
mon Canninc Co.
Bark J D Peters, Townsend, Chlgnik Bay;
Pacific Steam Whaling Co. ,
SAILED.
Tuesday, April 9.
Stmr Shellkof, Ellefsen, Seattle, with stmr
Uyak In tow.
Stmr Uyak, Jacobson, Seattle, In tow of
Etmr Shelikof.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, Monterey.
Stmr Alcazar, Carlsen, .
Stmr Arcata, Nelson, Coos Bay. ¦
Stmr Bonita, Nopander, Newport.
Stmr North Fork. McLellan, Eureka,
Stmr Sequoia, Winkle, Fort Bragg.
Jap stmr Hongkong Maru, Kilmer, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu.
Ship Lucile, Anderson, Bristol Bay.
Bark Nicholas Thayer, Thompson, Bristol
Bay.
Schr Ida McKay, Lehtola. Eureka.
Schr Jennie Grlffln, Campbell, Point Reyes.
SPOKEN.
March 13, lat 30 N, Ion 42 "W— Br ship 'Dec
can, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
April 7. lat 49 N, Ion 66 W— Ger ship Are
thusa, from Chemainus, for Havre.
Feb a. lat 47 S. Ion 61 W— Ger ship H K
Glade, from i Bremen, for Honolulu.
March 18, lat 3 S, Ion 32 W— Br ship Mus
koka, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
TELEGRAPHIC,
POINT LOBOS, April 9. 10 p m— "Weather
hazy; wind NW, velocity 16 miles per hour.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
ASTORIA— Sailed April 9— Br bark Craiglsla,
for Queenstown; Br bark Forrest Hall, for
Queenstown. • ¦
Arrived April 9— Schr Churchill, from La
haina.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived April 9—
Stm Mateo, from Nanalmo.
CASPAR— Sailed April 9— Stmr Navarro, for
San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed April 9— Stmr Nation
al City, for San Francisco.
TILLAMOQK— Sailed April 9— Stmr Acme,
for San Pedro. •
PORT TOWNSEND— Passed in April 9— Schr
J A Campbell, from Honolulu.
SEATTLE, April 9— The reported arrival ot
the schr Martha W Tuft is an error.
Arrived April S— Br ship Sierra Cordovla.
from Tacoma. April 9 — Stmr Mackinaw, hence
April 5.
Sailed April S— Stmr Faralk»n, Tor Skaguay;
schr Gen Siglin, for Cooks Inlet.
TACOMA— Sailed April 9— Stmr Tacoma, for
China; Br bark Harold, for Plymouth.
CRESCENT CITY— Sailed April 9, at 4 p m—
Stmr Del Norte, for San Francisco.
NEAH BAY— Passed In April 9— Stmr Arc
tic, hence April 4. for Seattle and Loring.
EUREKA— Sailed April 8— Stmr Eureka, for
San Francisco. • •
Arrived April 9 — Stmr Pomona, hence April 8.
Passed north April 9— U S stmr Madrone.
Sailed April 9— Stmr Alliance,- for San Fran
cisco; stmr Aberdeen, for San Francisco; stmr
Santa Barba'ra, for San Francisco. :
ISLAND PORTS.
HONOLULU— Sailed March 31— Schr Eric
and bktn Skaglt, for Puget Sound.
HILO— Bailed. March 20— Brig John D Epreck
els, for San Francisco.
KAHULUI— Arrived March 3— Schr Lyman D
Foster, from Newcastle, Aus.
MAHUKONA— Arrived March lft— Schr Olga,
from Newcastle, Aus.
KAANAPALI— Arrived March 23-Schr J H
Bruce, from Newcastle 1 , Aus.
ELEE.LE— Sailed March 18— Bark Agate, for
Pu£?et Sound.
HONOIPU— Arrived March 21— Brig Galilee,
from Honolulu.
HANAMAULA— Arrived March 20— Schr John
G North, from Port Gamble.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived ¦ April 8— Br stmr
Queen Marraret, from Callao.
BALTIMORE— Cleared April 8— Stmr Asun
cion, for Ban Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HULL— Arrived April 6— Fr bark Marguer
ite Milonis, hence Dec 18. ' ._.
TALTAL— Arrived March 12— Br bark Chlp
perkyle. from Valparaiso, to load for San
Francisco. ' .
PISAQUA— Sailed March 4— Br ship Cypro
mene. for San Francisco.
HAMBURG— Arrived April 9— Ger etmr Ha
thor. hence Dec 19. _
ST VINCENT— Arrived April 9— Br stmr
Yanktsie, from Tacoma.
HAVRE— Arrived April 9— Ger ship Arethu
sa. from ChemainuB. _^ •
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived April 9— Fr bark
Europe, from Portland, Or; Fr bark Moliere,
hence Nov 7; Br bark Muskoka, from Port
land, Or.
ANTWERP— Sailed March 22— Br bark Aus
tralia, for San ' Francisco. <* "• "
IQUIQUE— Sailed April 7— Br ship Belfast,
for Sau Francisco.
In port Feb 20— Ger ship Helicon, for Ban
Francisco. I ~; •
LONDON— In port March 21— Br bark Alex
Black, for Vancouver.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived April 8— Stmr Em
press cf India, from Vancouver, for Hong-
NEW YORK— Arrived April 9— Stmr Manltou,
from London.
Sailed April 9— Stmr Georgia, for Liverpool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April 9 — Stmr Sax
onia. from Boston.
CHERBOURG— Sailed April 9— Stmr Vader
land, from Southampton,, for New York."
Sun, Moon and Tide.
United States Coast and Geodetic jj Survey —
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority ot the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty- five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
¦ Steamer Movements.
of the day. except when there are but three
tides as sometimes occurs. The heights given
are in addition to the soundings on the United
States Coast Survey charts, except- when a
minus (— ) sign precedes the height, and then
the number given is subtracted from the depth
given by the charts. The plane of reference
is the mean of the lower low waters. I-
HONGKONG MARU TAKES AWAY
A PASSENGER FOR HONOLULU
THE SAN FRANCISCO /CALL; ,.- WEDNESDAY, VAPRIL 10, 1901.
TO ARRIVE.
TO SAIL.
7
Sun rises ;....5:42
Sun sets 6:40
Moon rises Q:OQ a. m.
Time Time I iTlme Time
Date Ft. Ft. Ft. — Ft.
H Wj L W H W L, Vf
10 ... 2:36 5.0 9:55 0.5 5:24 4.4 9:54 3.2
11 ... 3:38 4.8 10:52 0.5 6:3S 4.5 11:17 ' 3 1
12... 4:50 4.7 11:52 0.C 7:07 4.S ...........
L, W! H W L W H W '
1J ... 0:30 2.6 fi.IOj 4.7 12:4S 0.6 7:49 5.0
14 ... 1:2S 2.1 7:23 4.8 1:43 0.7 8:30 6.3
15 ... 2:23 1.4 S:31 4.9 2:33 0.9 9:10 5.5
16 ...| 3:12 O.S 9:85 5.1 3:20 1.1 ; 9:45 5.8
Steamer.
From.
Due.
Ventura Sydney & Way Ports..
Alliance Portland & Coos Bay...
Argo. Coquille River
City of Para Panama & Way Ports..
St. Paul New York via Panama.
Columbia Portland and Astoria...
Czarina Seattle and Tacoma —
Corona Newport |
Santa Barbara. Humboldt
Del Xorte Crescent City
Nome City San Pedro
Pomona Humboldt
Grace Dollar... Grays Harbor
Santa Rosa San Diego
Point Arena.... Point Arena
Ltmari Valparaiso & Way Pts
Wellington Oyster Harbor
Empire Coos Bay :
Walla Walla... Puget Sd & Way Ports.
Washtenaw.... Tacoma
W. H. Kruger.. San Pedro
Robt. Dollar... Seattle
Mandalay r Seattle
Bonita Newport
Crescent City.. Crescent City
Eureka Humboldt
Arcata Coos Bay .".
Fulton Grays Harbor ..........
Queen. ¦. San Diego :..
G. XV. Elder Portland and Astoria..
North Fork Humboldt
Mackinaw Seattle
Kvarven Nanaimo ;
Doric China and Japan
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 10
Apr. 11
Apr. 11
Apr. 11
Apr. 11
Apr. 11
Apr. 11
Apr. 11
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 12
Apr. 13
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 14
Apr. 15
Apu. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 15
Apr. 16
. J.ust a little better
than any other train
; V —a little better ser-
vice—a more home-
like feeling on the
California
Limited
than you find .else-
where, and ' it . runs
like this:
LEAVES SAN FRANCISCO
9:OO a-m ...lMo|Tu |We|Th|Fri|E5atl Su
ARRIVES AT CHICAGO
on the
2:15 p.m ....|Th |FriJSat|Su|Mo|Tu |"We
75 hours to Chicago
Santa Fe.
nan ntAN<:iN<:o.
(Main line. Foot of Market Street)
SOUTHERN PACIFIC.
Trains ictnw mill nra du« to nrrl v« »•
7:3OA Benicia, Suisun, Elmira, VaeaTille,
Kuuisey aud Sacramento 7iS3jp
?:30AD»Ti3, Woodland, Knights Landing,
Marysrille, Oro.ille.. 7:51p
7:S0a Atlantic Kxpresa— Ogden »nd East lSiSSr
S:UU a Martinez, Sau Kamoo, Vallejo. Napa,
< Calistoga and Santa Rosa S:S3r
8:OOa LlTermora, Stockton, Hasford, Vi;»-
lia, t orrerfilla j 4:2*f
. 8:00a .Nile*, Latbrop, Merced, Fresno. Bv
farsfleld 4<BSr
8:30a Shasta Express— Davis, Williams (for
Baxtlett Sprlngo), Willows, Bad
¦Bluff, Portland. 7:33*
¦ i3Oa Sau Jose, LUermore, Skncliton,
lone, .Sacranipnto, Placetfille,
MnrysTllle, Chioo. Ited KlufT 4tS3p
H:3Oa Oakdale, Chlneas, Bonora, Oarten... 4iSSr
V:«;wa Hajwirtls. Miles and Way Htatfona. 11:33a
V:uo« Lou Angeles Express — Martlne*,'
Tracy, Xatlirop. ritoekton, Mercetl
ITretno and Log Angeles 7i33 a
1»:»O a Vallpjn. Martinez and Way Hkatlom BtSSp
1 UiOUa Tho Overland Limited— Ogdeo, Den-
ver, Omaha. Chicago 6i!>3p
tltflOr Saorainento Kit er SusKiners fStOAA
8:30p Uaywsrd*. Niles and Way Station*. 7:39r
. 3<3ap Port CoaU, Martinez, Byron, Stock-
ton, Lodi 1033a
4tttttp lieuiela. Winters, ' Maeraiuanto.
Wooilland, Kiitelit* Imuding,
Mnrysflllc. OroTills... 10:05a
4:<IOp Mr.rMiiex. Han Hitmoii, Vallejo.
Nnjm, (Jallntoitn. MunU IIom...... «»i23a
4i00r Niles, Lfrermore, Stockton, Lodl.
Merced, Fresno 7i33p
4>3Op Haywaids. ISile% Han .1 «ss, LlTtnaore JSiSSa
1:VUr The Owl JLi mi ted— Tracy, Stockton,
Fresno, Bakersflold, Haugus (or
Santa Barbara, Los Angeles ...... S>S34
•lOOp naywurds, NileaandSau Jose ., 7:33a
/fliOOr Vallejo I1i38a
OiO in- Oriental Mall— Ogden, Cheyenne,
Omaha, Cblneo .' 12:23*
fltOOp Oriental Mail— Ogdeo, Dearer.
Omaha, Chicago. 4i3Sf
7:00r OreKon and California Kiprenj.Nna.
riinioiito, Maryttille, ICei!illnK,
1'ortlniiil, r.igct Hound ami Kast SiKSa
S:«3r8an Pablo, Fort Costa, Martian
a.irl Way MUtlous HiSSa
t8:03p Vallejo 7»a»F
COAST LINE (Narrow (Jange}.
(Foot o(M»rket Street.)
Sil9ANewark.Ui!iit«rfllle.SanJoie.K«>lton.
Boulder Creek.Hanta Omx and War
Stations O««»#
flilBr Newark. Ceutert ille, Ban Jose. Nt.w
. . Almadeu, Feltou, Douldor Creek,
Santa. Crux aud Principal War
StatloiM fl«i5«*
4<ISp Newark, Hun Jose. Lou Gmtos Sj-"»Oa
a0:30p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and,
W»ySt*Uong J fit***
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSlK rftlHOISCO — root »l Mirk « I Strut (81i» S)—
t7:16 9:00 11:00*.!!. 1:09 3:03' 8:X5r.M.
From 01 KU II 0— hit of Brotd war.— 1«:00 1 9:00 tSKJ»
10:00 «.h. 12:00 3:00 i:08r.w.
COAST LINE (Itroad <J.iii B e).
(Third and Townaen.l Sts.) v
tOslOA Ocean View, South Hau Francisco.. i«t»Or
7:O«a Hail Joieantl Way BUtinns i.Hit,
/7:<*»A Neir Alinadm / liSOj
8:00a. Coast Line Limited, Sas Jo*e, Gllior.
S»U..as, Vaso Kobles, Sun Lois
Obiipo, Lompoc, Santa Burbua,
Los Angeles.. l»*4Sp
Bi8OAHan Jose, Tres L'iitna. Hantiv Unix.
Pacllle (Irore am! Principal Inter-
mediate StaMtms .." 7i30»
I 1:30a 8au Jose anil War SUtfons ftiHOf
1«: I5p San Mateo, Itsdwood, Menlo Park.
• Palo Alto. .Santa Clara, San .loss,
Tres Pino*. Santa Crnz, Salinas,
. Monterey ami Paeilie Gror tl»:43*
- fS:ni»p flan. Toie and Way Stations 6:3OA
t4:I Sp San Jose and Principal Way Stations »i42a
gl:15p Sunsst United— El P»so, New Or-
. ,• . . ieacsacd Kast «1O:I»A
t3:OOpgan Josr, Los Gatos and Principal >
" WaySUtions f»:03»
5:»Op Sau.l«ne ami Principal W rj Stations S:3«A
«::»i»p San. lose and W*y Stations . t*iO«A
7s00y Nev Orleans Expre»«, 8«n .Tose,
8 int* Barbar*. Los Angeles, D m- _.__.
inp. El Pa*n. New OTle*n« and East 7.OOA
7:00p Del Monte, Monterey, Pscifle Gioto '. __
Looipoo i°yjs
qll;4.-»r 3an -Iia^.n.l Way SUtlons 7:30P
A for Morning. ¦ P '«* Afternoon. ."
t«ui.<lar-«i»i>wd. t «nnd»r oory.
; g Wednesdays. - ' / Tu«ed»y.< and Fridays
r «J 'ml »< ¦ . a Rt'iHjr '"''
BAJA CALIFORNIA
Damiana Bitters
IS A GREAT RESTOKATIVE. EJVK3ORA
tor and Nervine. '
' The . roost wonderful aphrodisiac ! and Special
Tonic for the Sexual Organs, for both sexes.
The Mexican Remedy for Diseases of the Kid-
neys and Bladder. Sells on its own merits.
NABEK, ALFS & BHUNE, Agents,
123 Market st.. S.F.— (Sfnd for Circular*.)
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary*
629 HEARST ST. Established
in 1S34 for the treatment nf Prlvutft
Diseases. Lmt Manhood. Debility or
<li.ipas«* wearlnjr mi hody ami mind and
Skin Diseases. The Doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. " Charges low.
<'nrM;narantfrd. Cnll or write.
I>r. J. F. tlinBOK, San Franciscoreal. .
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
WlSliiiifi
MOUNT TAMALPAIS RAILWAY
Via Sausalito Ferry— Foot of Market St.
9:15 a. m.S : '; \cr-pvR iiavs ( SiOOp.m.
¦ 1:43 p.m.}--: ..WLEK HAYS — J 6:23 p.m.
4:U0p. m.') StayovernigbtattheTAVERN (10:35 a.m
8^X)a.m.V. \ •'¦¦ •/•¦' ' f 1:00 p.m.
11 :SO a. a. \ •-— — — SUrv » AYS i 4:1* P. M.
v 1:15 p; M. J - • .V . * : . • -. t 5:i5 P. M
¦'-- •¦ ' Fare. San Francisco to Summit and Return. $1.40. •.
Ticket Offices, 621 Market St.", <Sc Sausalito Ferry.
AMtrSEMBjSTTS. .
.-•¦¦' ¦ * .
mf* B 9 BS? T S3 BS* yJa CT
Wi ¦ njff> B mr. mm m\ M s\ Km w
LAST WEEK.
TENNESSEE'S f^"
Bret
PARDNER^ So^f.' 8
BEST PLAY OF THE SEASON.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
Next Week, "OB SUSANNAH."
MATINEE TO-DAY (WED.), April 10.
i Parquet, 25c, any seat; balcony, 10c; children,
10c, any part except reserved. . /
A GREAT EASTER BILL!
PREVOST AND PREVOST, HAL STEPHENS
AND CO., JOSEPHINE GASSMAN AND
HER PICKANINNIES, GEORGE H. WOOD,
FULLER, HOLLER AND BURKE, HAMIL-
TON HILL, THE GIRL, OF QUALITY. THE
GREAT AMERICAN BIOGRAPH. TSCHER-
NOFFS MARVELOUS DOG CIRCUS.
' Evenings at 8. Matinee Saturday at a.
"AND THAT IS NO FAIRT TALE."
Nightly Accorded -to.lhe Great, Comic £ Opera, j
¦' :' THE » '. -
"HOOT MON."
Br Harry B. Smith and Victor Herbert.
-• HARTMAN as ABEL CONN.
WHEELAN as "HOOT MON."
POPULAR PRICES. .25c and 50c
Telephone — Bush 9. -
COLUMBIANS
EVERY NIGHT-MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Most Gorgeous Production
Known to the Stage. > ¦
ICT NOTE THE CHANGE OF TIME.
'Evenings at 8— Matinees at 2.
Blanche Walsh,
America's Distinguished Emotional Actress,
In the imperial Spectacle.
MORE THAN QUEEN
MAGNIFICENTLY RICH.
* HISTORICALLY CORRECT.
BEiASCOA»*THALKS *«£&&.
TO-NIGHT AND BVERY EVG THIS WEEK.'
Matinees SatNrday and Sunday.
Engagement of. America's Tragedian,'
ROBERT DOWNING
Supported by the Central Stock Company.
Superb production of the beautiful play,
"iNGOMAR."
A Powerful Cast. Perfect Ensemble.
PDirCV EVENINGS 10c, 15c, 35c, 50c
IK1LE3 MATINEES .........10c, 15c. 25c
NEXT .'WEEK — Spectacular, production of
"JULIUS CAESAR." '¦ - '
THE BIG EVENT. ' r -
NEXT SUNDAY EVE.. April 14. '- :
ONE WEEK— MAT." SATURDAY.
• SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OF .
NEIL BURGESS,
HIMSELF AS
ABIGAIL PRUE IN HIS P^i?c T Tf^oF
THE COUNTY FAIR
THE MOST ELABORATE PRODUCTION
EVER GIVEN THE FAMOUS PLAY.
3 Thoroughbred Racehorses mounted by _ as many O
g&yly dad jockeys running a %-mile dash "J
; — ¦' at terrific spe?i. ¦ . • w
SEATS READY TO-MORROW (THURSDAY).
EVENING..... 25c, 35c, 50c, 75c, $1 00.
"MATINEE 25c. 50c, 75c .
Dirce TANFORAN T
RAtCD park. ,
K i ' =*r - " ' ™ |m : I
SAN FRANCISCO JOCKEY .CLUB.
.WEEK APRIL 8 to 13.
SIX HIGH-CLASS RACES DAILY.
Wednesday, hurdle race: Thursday, handicap,
3-year-olds and -over, $500 added; Saturday—
BIG " DAY— Steeplechase and Colts' ¦•- Trial
Stakes, $2500 added.. - • . .
NEXT. WEEK.. ....SEVERAL BIG EVENTS!
First Race' Daily at 2:10 P. M. • *
Trains from Third and Townsend Sts.— 7. 9:30,
I 11:30 a. m.: 12:40,: 1,. 1:30, '2 p.m. ." ¦ •¦ ¦--,
'¦ Returning leaves track 4:15 and thereafter at
short - intervals. Rear cars reserved for, ladies
land escorts. \- ; i'.
ADMISSION- (INCLUDING R.' R.FARE), $1 25.
v KILTON ' S. ' LATH AM. Secretary.
' E." J. POWER, Racing Secretary. ~n r
PTCjnillTDfC CONCERT, HOUSE.
r lOynrili'p Admission 10c/ %
- Laura Lopez, '\ the. Oriskanys,", T: Payne, Kel-
cey. Sisters, Mabel Martin, Tom Mack, Melville
Coakley ¦-: and > Hinrichs' •¦ Orchestra. . Reserved
Seats. 25c. , Matinee Sunday.: ;
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausallto Ferry.
Commencing' September 30. 1300.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLET
" AND SAN RAFAEL. -^
WEEK DAYS-«:55. *»:15. U:00 a. m.. »1:43»
3:15. 4:00. 5:15. »6:15. «:40 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For Mill Valley and San
Rafael' on Mondays. Wednesdays and Satur-
days at 9:00 and 11:33 p. m.
SUNDAYS-*8:00. '10:00. »U:30 a. m.. 105.
3:15, *4:45, 6:30, »:00 p. m.
Trains marked (•) run to San Qnentin.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:20. •«:». 7:45. 9:30 a. m..
•12:30^ 1:43. *3:30. 4:30, 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. "Wednesday*
asd Saturdays at 6:45 and 10:20 p. rn.
SUNDAYS— 6:20. *S:00. »10:00. *11:45 m. m..
•1-40 *2:15. 4:45. *«:30 p.m.
Trains marked <•) start from San Quentia.
FROM MUi VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 5:45. 6:45, 7:55. 9:30 a. m..
12:35, 2:10. 3:30. 4:54. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TKIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:10 and 10:20 p. m.
6UNDAYS-8:05. 10:05 a. m.. 12:03. -2:15. 3:J».
5:00. 6:45 p. m.
- V7! - THROUGH TRAINS.
6:55 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way
stations. - ¦
1:45 d. m. Saturdays — Tomales and way
nations. • ; v
( a. ra. Sundays — Tomales and way sta-
tions. .
CALIFORflli KORTHWESTEM RY. CO.
' LESSEE ' •
SAN* FRANGiSCO AND KORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
TIburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
San Francioco to Sara Rafael.
TIBTJRON FERRY— FOOT OF MARKET ST.
WEEK DAYS— 7:30, 9:00. 11:00 a. m.:i2:35. 3:30,
5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursday a — Extra trip at 11:30
p. m. Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50 and
11:30 p." m. ' ¦ "
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30.
5:00. 6:20 p. m.,
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:10, 7:60. 9:20, 11:10 a^m.; 12:45,
J:40. S:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at l.aa
SUN d DA YS^8 :To, 9 :40, U:l» a. m. ; 1 :40. 3 :40.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park,
same schedule as above^
jj . Leave 1 In Effect I Arrive
San Francisco. |Nov. 7. 1900-1 San Francisco.
Week- 1 Sun- I • I Sun--^J Week
Days. [ days. | Destination. ! days. \ Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am * : Novato. 10:40 am 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:0a pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
" Fulton, ' • -
7-30 am ' Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburg.
. • • Lytton,
ti* Qeyservtlle, . ¦ .
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7-30 ami ' I Hopland .1 I
: | 8:00 am| and Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7-30 am ¦ - ' ' ' 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:33 pm * •-
8:30 pm ¦ ¦ • ¦ 6:K P m
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 9:15 am 8:40 am
- ¦ ¦ . and
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 ami S:00am| ( \^-f. 1^"
• 8:30 pm| 6:00 pm( Sebastopol. | 7:3j pm| 6.22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs and White Sulphur Springs: at Fulton
tor Altruria; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at
Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale
for -the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan
Springs. Highland Springs. Kelseyville. Carls-
bad Springs? Soda Bay. Lakeport and^Bartlett
Borings- at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
iSriSIs' Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs', Upper Lake. Porno. Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley's, Buckneirs,
Banhedrin Heights, Hullville. Orrjs Hot Springs.
Mendoclno'City. Fort Bragg. Westport, L. sal.
Wllletts, Laytonville. Cummings, Bell's Springs,
Harris. Olsens, Dyer. Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round- trip tickets at r»-
On Sundays,,' round-trip tickets to ' all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates. • . -.
Ticket office. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bulld-
!•• ¦'¦.-' . .'¦.'" R. X. RYAN,
H.CWHITINO. - Gen.- Pass. Agt.
- •.'- General Manager. : v ¦
RAILWAY TRAVEL.
Auctioneers.
EASTON, ELDR1DGE & CO.,
Owing: to the departure of Mr. M. B. Mihr*n
for a Ions absence to . the Orient, he has
placed in our hands his entire collection ot
Persian, Slme. Boukhara, Cashmere and Silk
Rugs, considered to be the finest collection in
this country. We undertake the sale under
special instructions ¦ to dispose of the entir»
collection ABSOLUTELY -without reserve.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
AUCTION!
WEDNF<5DAY
VVCUIVCOUH I »
THURSDAY,
FRIDAY,
SATURDAY,
April ICth. 11th, 12th, 13th,
At 11 o'clock "a. m. and 2 o'clock p. rn.
149 STOCKTON ST.,
CORNER OF GEART. S. F.
MR, M. B. MIHRAN'S
Rare Collection
PERSIAN RUGS,
TURKISH GOODS.
Antique Furniture
PALACE
and
GRAND
HOTELS,
San Francisco.
These. hotels pos-
sess the attribute
that N tourists zn^
travelers appreciate
—central location
liberal manage
ment, modern ap-
pointments .and
perfect cuisine.
American and Eu-
ropean plans.
comes its enthusiastic advocate.
No other cereal gains friends so
entirely on its merits, by the
principal chefs of the finest
hotels in America.
In preparing for publication
a menu for a model breakfast;
the other day, Oscar, of the
mt^^mmmt^^H^mtm^^ ¦ ¦ mJatSmSSm
BSS^BsSi^S^BSSsk K*HwlK9 JWB|M ' l^^^^H ' '
Ij^ has been adopted at once,
The purest, most delicious,
healthful, nutritious, altogether
satisfactory cereal ever put on
the market.
'An absolutely perfect cereal
food.
1 1 combines the health-giving
properties of pure malt, with
the strength-yielding virtues of
choicest wheat.
\i Isrfhe most easily digested
cereal ever _ made!
Have You Tried It Yet?
Every one that tries it be=
Waldbrf-Astoria, the greatest
chef of the world, selected Malt
Breakfast Food.
I And it is economical. A
pound of beef costs 20 cents. A
package of Malt Breakfast Food
costs 15 cents. A pound of beef
makes a breakfast for three.
A package of Malt Breakfast
Food makes a breakfast, for
thirty. At all Grocers,
Its .use has been endorsed by
the highest authorities on the
science of food Jand by the vari-
ous organ izations that have for
their object the promotion of the
consumption of pure and
healthful products.
Fbou March 31. 1901.
Prof ¦¦¦"Ross Stav<s*
From personal experience I take pleasure in com-
mending the Personally Conducted Excursions
over the Burlington Route. Not only does the
superior information and friendly advice of the
excursion conductor enable the passengers in
, many ways to save money, but his acquaintance •
with the scenic features 'of the route, as well as
• his aid in promoting fellowship between the ex-
cursionists, adds materially to the pleasure of
(Late) Professor of Economics and Finance, Leland Stanford, Jr. University, CaL
'jCTgMagBajgyjgflsj] From San Francisco every Tuesday evening and every Thursday
lli?«B¥iW?»B morning — Omaha, Chicago, Kansas City, St. Louis — EVERY-
UUuJLJ^IUijJ WHERE East. Tickets, berths and information at *
Tickct office » 6 3 X Market Street
. laJMBBSiaBBglli W. D. Sanborn, General Agent, San Francisco.
' > ¦ . - ... . ¦ . SJ.:
¦'-'¦¦ . ¦ ' !
* ¦ . * . . •
ADVERTISEMENTS.
J li tZ r
Portieres.
Besides this. style
we have a beau-
ful variety of por-
(3 tieres atall prices..
From our elegant
stock cf curtains,'
j 13 draperies, carpets
and furniture we can'
! / furnish your entire*
J home. Let us tell you,
what it will cost. Free
! delivery within ioo
( miles.
T. BRILLIANT
FURNITURE CO.,
338-342 Post Street,
Opposite Union Square.
• /t TrTTTRTrM"irfa'»rfl l
QFtAND' OPElRX HOUSE
ALL THIS • WEEK— Our Easter Spectacle,
"CINDERELLA."
NEW COMPANY— NEW FEATURES.
Morosco's Shetland Ponies and Their Babies.
Magnificent Scenery, Costumes and Effects. ¦
100 People. Ponies on view in Lobby of Theater.
Prices— 10c, 15c, 25c, 50c. A few seats 75c.
Good Orchestra Seat Saturday and Sunday
Matinees 25c. Branch Ticket Office Emporium.
Next Week— Florence Stone and John Web-
ster Jr. In an elaborate revival of "EAST
I.YNNE.", . ¦•¦-
CHUTES AND_Z00
BIG VAUDEVILLE BILL.
: INCLUDING .
'Barnes'. Dog and fay Show.
TO-MORROW NIGHT, TflE AMATEURS
. AND A FAT PEOPLE'S; CAKE WALK.
Telephone for seats— Park 23 ;
Santa Fe
Trains— Daily.
Leave Market-Street Ferry Depot.
Local Llm'd Ovrl'-t Local
Dally. Dally. Dally. Dally.
Lv. Ban Fran 7:20 a 9:00 a 8:00 p 4:20 p
Ar. Stockton.. 10:15 a 11:43 a 11:33 p 7:25 p
" Merced... 12:25 p 1:17 p 1:15 a
" Fresno .. 2:20 p 2:35 p 3:05 a
•* Hanford-. 4:82 p J:27 p 7:0« a
•• Vlsalia .. 4:10 p 4:10 p 4:45 a
•• Tulare ... 4:27 p 4:27 p 6:05 a
" Bksfleld.. 1:50 p 5:20 p 7:30 a
•• Kan. City 2:41a 7:30 a
— Chicago 2:15 p 4:00 p
a for morning;, p for afternoon.
9:00 a. m. train is the California Limited.
Carrying; Palace Sleepins Cars and Dining
Cars through to Chicago. Chair Car runs
to Bakersfleld for accommodation of local
first class passengers. No second class
tickets are honored on this train. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 6:55 p/m. dally.
4:20 p. ni. Is Stockton Local. Correspond-
ing train arrives at 11:05 a. m. dally.
8-00 P- rn. Is the Overland Express, with
through Palace and Tourist Sleepers and
free Reclining; Chair Car. also Palace
Sleeper which cuts out at Fresno. Corre-
lDoridlng train arrives at 1:55 p. m. dally.
7:20 a. rn. is Bakersfleld Local, stopping
¦t all points in San Joaquin Valley. Corre-
sponding train arrives at 8:40 a. m daily.
Offices— €41 Market street and in Ferry
Depot. San Francisco; 1113 Broadway, Oak-j WHEAT— Receipts, - 55, 100 ; . exports. , 187,698."
! Spot, weak; -No. 2, 7S%c^f. - o. • -h. afloat;
¦ No. 2 , ; red, . 76Uc . elevator; ;. No. M ~«North
: em Duluth. '. S4«4c . f.' o. . b. afloat; No . ''¦ 1
! hard Duluth, SSc f. o. b. afloat. Options devel
oped pronounced weakness . ar.d declined again
to-day under continued heavy liquidation forced
by the brilliant domestic crop prospects. Ad
ditional bearish influences were weak cables
lree short Felling, heaviness in Northwest mar^
ket and clearances. Closed .weak and ' Uiffil*; •
net lower. May. 75-%<g77%c,- closed 7Gc- July
..i%(§77>4c, closed 76c; September, i5%@76%c*
clobed, 70%c. - • ¦ • £-'.
HOPS— Steady. ¦ I •.-•¦:
HIDES— Steady.
'WOOL— Quiet. • .' • ...
COFFEE— Spot, dull: No. -7 -invoice. 6S4 C 
mild, dull; Cordova, sVi5?i2Hc Futures clos»d
dull, with prices net uncharged to' five points
higher. Total, sales were 42cO bags,, including-
May, S3 CO; October.. $3 S3:- 1 .¦; -_: ;..,.'-,. ; "'¦-
NEW YORK, April 9.— FLOUR— Receipts,
29.615 bbls.; exports, 29,478. Market yielded 'to
the heaviness In wheat and closed rather weak
with a llrht trade.
Northern. Wheat Market.
' * .OREGON. ' •¦;.'.-
PORTLAND, Apr!! 9.— WHEAT— Walla
.¦Walla."*- 57c. ' ¦¦ ¦'¦/\'.. '¦"•
"'- Cleared— Bark Astoria, fcr^Queenstown, with
S3,M4 bushels of .wheat. ¦. .- < ', r
'-'.-' v . ;• • <¦-.-? WASHINGTON. - .-,":_¦' .-'
v* TACOMA;-;-.? April ?_> 9.'— WHEAT- Quiet and
steady; bluestem.'i 59c; club," ST^e. '»""¦•.; ¦
¦PORTLAND, April 3.— Clearings, $379,222; bal
ances, I $50,100/ * . ¦ ,: -".- ¦;¦_ :'-••", ;
Portland's
- NEW 'YORK," April 9.— The cotton-market
opened ."steady .with", prices' 2 points lower to:l
point higher.', : Soon 1 afUr'the, call the market
showed a' -disposition to , wcrk-upward and be
fore the advance culminated; May reached 7.85c
and July '7.86c' .With the 'close of the first
hour the upward movement gave , way., to a
reaction - which carried - prices down . to ¦ a net"
loss of 1@2 - points ' by noon. Pronounced weak
ness set -in . early ' in the afternoon and * under
active . general selling led- by shorts May fell
to .7.72c and' July to>7. 75c. 1 : Then a sharp rise
of 10 points came on nervous support from well
known • export I houses. - 'In - the last - hour . the
•arket was. firm and active, closing steady and
.et unchanged* to, 3 points higher. r • • : -•
New York -Cotton Market.
¦ Territory,' ¦ scoured basis — Montana fine me
d :um and fine, . 141315c : -scoured, ' 42JJ>45c : staple.
4i@46c. Utah. Wyoming and ¦ Idaho fine me
dium and : fine," 12@14c; scoured, 40@42c; staple,
44©46c. . Australian, scoured basis, spot prices —
Combing superfine -nominal, 6S@70c; good, tivS
65c; average. 60@63c. - - . .
BOSTON. April 9.— The vfbol market here,
though not so "active as last week, is very
steady. . Dealers are hopeful and entertain the
Impression that the depression which has held
the market for the past two "years, has at
length ceased and are looking forward to bet
ter business. . j They now .think a market value
has been, setablished. : The situation, however.
Is hardly - such • that a rise In values will' be
Immediately forthcoming. " The bulk of • the
business transacted ' has ' been In Territory
grades. For .finetmedlum and flne;the scoured
basis Is about ' 40@43c. while - the staple calls
for 44@ 45c. " New .'Australian .-wools a^e held on
the basis of the cost to import. 'Quotations: -
Boston Wool Market.
Spelter was firm, closing at 2*4 points above
yesterday at $3 92 1 / £@3 97%. 'Lead remains un
changed. . . ¦¦-¦
Copper was without Important new feature
both here and abroad, ruling dull and nominal
at $17 for lake and $16 62V2 for casting. I Lon
don closed dull at £68 12s 6d for spot and. £69
2s £d for futures.
Piglron warrants unchanged at $9 50@10 50:
Northern foundry, $15 25@16 50. .
NEW YORK. April 9.— The trade here was
much . disappointed on finding only a. 10s ad
vance for tin in London, in view of the
strength in local circles for that metal .yes
terday. ¦ The market here ruled very quiet all
day. with prices a shade lower, and closed
at $26 bid and $26 50 asked. At London the
close was £115 7s 6d for spot and £113 for fu
tures. ¦ , • ¦ - .'¦
New York Metal Market.
SHEEP— Receipts, 13,000; " sheep and Iambs,
steady to slow; good to choice wethers, $4 80®
5; exports, $5 15@5 25; fair to choice mixed,
$4 60@4 90; Western sheep, $4 90@5; exports,
$5 15@5 23; yearlings, $4 90@5 13; native lambs,
14 75@5 40; clipped, $5 25; Western lambs, $5
@5 40.
HOGS— Receipts to'-day, IS, 000: to-morrow, 22.
0C0; left' over, 3600, '.estimated; fair demand,
good clearances; .top, <SS 15; mixed and butcji
ers, $5 80@6 10; good to choice heavy, *5 95@S 15;
rough heavy, $3 S0<g5 90; light, ?5 75@6; bulk of
sales. J5 75@6 05. ---,-. . . ..
CHICAGO, April 9.— CATTLE— Receipts, 4000;
generally, steady to strong; good to prime
steers, $5<§6 05;' poor t» medium, $3 73@4 90;
stockers and feeders, 51' 73@4 75; cows, $2 85®
4 60; heifers, $2 85@4 80; canners, $2@2 75; bulls,
$2 50@4 40; calves, $4 oOigio So; Texas fed. steers,
$4 25@5 30; Texas grass steers, $3 50@4; (Texas
bulls, $2 75@4. ; .. K
Chicago Livestock Market.
Corn, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains,, decrease, 1,032,000 bushels.
Oats, United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, increase, 33.CC0 bushels. \
> Wheat, United , States and 'Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, Cecrease, 1,622,000
bushels;' afloat for and in Europe, increase,
1,200,000 bushels; total supply, decrease, 422,000
bushels. . - ¦
NEW YORK, April 9.— Special cable and tel
egraphic communication, to Bradstreet's show
the. following changes in the available supply
of grain from the last account:
LIVERPOOL.
Wheat— ¦¦-.-. . May. ' July.
Opening 5 10% ¦ 5 10%
Closing 5 10% 5 10%
PARIS. ; ' >V .
Wheat — . ¦ ..¦ '- March. May- Aug.
Opening..'. .:.. ;...... .V4S 75 19 40
Closing 18 75 • 19 43 ¦
Flour— -.--.¦ , * . - •*.-•-
Opening ......23 55 " 24 50
Closing ;. .23 63 24 60 j
'Available Grain Supply. '
,NEW YORK STOCK LIST. ' . I
Shares . . . * Clo&inz i
Sold. Stock— Bid. 1
c>\, c-jft At.chison •••••••••*¦¦••>•¦••••¦•••¦•¦*«• 63' g {
11.200 Atchison prefd 95»i
4,100 Baltimore & Ohio S2}i
100 Canadian Pacific 9314
1.200 Canada Southern 62 l ,i
2,400 Chesapeake & Ohio : 46%
2,100 Chicago Great Western 23>4
131.300 Chicago' Burlington & Quincy .' 1S5%
4.1C0 Chicago Ind & Louisville.:. r........ 37^ !
400 Chicago Ind & Louisville prefd .... 73
. 2.1C0 Chicago & Eastern Illinois ...... ...11SU
3,100, Chicago & Northwestern .,>... 191%
€1.900 Chicago Rock Island & PaclflcT....147
1.2C0 C C C & St Louis 81
2.100 Colorado Southern ll«i
200 Colorado Southern 1st prefd 46
300 Colorado Southern 2d prefd 2014
7.600 ' Delaware & Hudson- 178-
EflO Delaware Lackawanna & Western!. 215
1.20n Denver & Rio Grande.... 44
400' Denver & Rio Grande prefd 95»i
60,000 Erie 37>;
4,900 Erie 1st prefd 69?i
700 Great Northern prefd 201
1.200 Hockinsr Coal 20
400 Hocking Valley 53ii
' 4.100 Illinois Central .:'.... .111
1.200 iotva Central. ...: 3414
2.100 Iowa Central prefd 63
2,200 Lake Erie & Western ; ...: 62% 1
....... Lake Erie &. Western preftf. 124 ;
. ..:.. Lake Shore ....:... ¦:.'....^.........'..210 1 i
34.800 Louisville & Nashville 101 .
17.500. Manhattan Elevated 123
31,700 Metropolitan Street Railway 167%
3^0 Mexican Central ..: ::...^ 22 j
3,100 Minneapolis ,& St Louis ....' ... 86 |
300 Minneapolis & St Louis prefd .112
26.S00 Missouri Pacific .'..... 103K
200 Mobile & Ohio si
4,700 Missouri Kansas & Texas... 2C^i |
6.40O Missouri Kansas &.Tesas prefd.... 5S%
20rt New Jersey Central ",...: v;c
19.4CO New Ycrk Central ¦.....:......'... 130 j j
1.2C0 Norfolk & Western — ..1 oCU !
1M Norfolk &" Wertern prefd S6'4
M-SOO Northern Pacific 37U t
16.400 Northern Pacific prefd -95V!
9.200 Ontario & Western .-. . . ... . 34*i j
Ore-son Railway & Nav :. 4Z~ ',
.. .... Oregon Railway & Nav prefd. ...... 76 - I
17.1C0 Pennsylvania ....l."Ci4>
G,ir* Reading [ .. sVi
11,400 lleadirg Jet pr<"?-l .. .' 7514
11.S 3- Reading. Cd. prefd '. :.... *2?
2fi9 'TUa Graniio Western :.. . : ..;.......:'73
¦ • Rio Grande Western prefj ...:.. .ilCOU
NEW YORK, April 3.— An astonishing muta
tion of speculative sentiment was demonstrated
by the action of the stock market to-day.
There was not a sign of the distress and acute
anxiety under which the market labored all
day* yesterday. It is the almost invariable
rule that such a violent break in prices as
that of yesterday brings in overnight an ac
cumulation of selling orders from alarmed
holders of stock who wait for dally reports for
their information ¦ on the stock market, ' but
the opening this morning was quiet and un
ruffled, with no important pressure to sell and
with many notable advances Induced by the de
mand of the shorts to cover. : Before the day
was over the bull leaders had recovered their
lull control of the situation and were marking
up prices and attracting large followings with
all the facility which has characterized their
operations for many weeks past. There was
very palpable manipulation and there were
carefully organized operations to support the
market. Commission-houses which were prom
inent in bidding up Blocks and which have
acted for large speculative. interests all through
the recent bull campaign were free tenders of
money below the rate offered by. the banks at
the same time that they were buying stocks.
The rumor of the Burlington deal was rehabil
itated and had apparently not lost any of its
force, although official confirmation -was* still
conspicuously lacking. There was revived
credulity in many other rumors which have al
reedy done good service, including that of the
supposed readjustment of General Electric's
capital and the Southwestern railroad merger.
The settlement of the internal dissensions in
the American Smelting Company, the advance
In the price of refined sugars and the absence
of any engagement of gold for export by to
morrow's steamer were- all used with effect by
the bulls. Advances reached 6 points in Bur
lington and Rock Island and Northwestern, 3%
In Northern Pacific, 4 In Texas and Pacific, 4
in Chicago and Eastsrn Illinois, 3% in Met
ropolitan, 3 in Western Union, 3% in Con
solidated Gas, 4 in Amalgamated Copper, Sugar
2%. United States 'Express 5%, Rubber 4(4,
Rubber preferred 8% and the majority of the
principal active stocks .from 1 to 2 points. Only
in one or two cases w«ie the gains fully main
tained,- reactions running from, 1 to 2%, but
the market was vigorously supported again and ¦
the close was irregular. The pressure of
profit-taking was not notably heavy even at
the advances. Apparently the speculative hold
ers of stocks were determined to hold for a
further rise unless they were forced Into liqui
dation by calling of loans or by wiping out
of margins. There was much less calling ! of
leans to-day than yesterdaj' and this called
attention to several causes for special pressure
in yesterday's money market. To-day's clear
ing-house statement - disclosed the enormous
total of exchanges of J437.SS2.9S0, which is over
$12,000,000 in excess of the largest previous
day's record in the history of the clearing
house. The general activity of the stock mar- j
ket yesterday had something to do with this, j
but the settlement growing out of the ' clear
ances in the contracts to deliver the United |
States Steel stocks wheu Issued was . a special |
factor. The easier meney in London to-day j
lessened! the demand for exchange and the rate j
for sterling yielded a fraction. Yesterday's
heavy liquidation has caused some natural re
lief to the money market. There was not lack-
Ing a suspicion that yesterday's violent relapse
was winked at if not connived In by sold-out j
bull leaders either to enable them to get in
at the lower prices or to shake out a weak fol- '
lowing and relieve the ccndltion of over specu
lation.
The bond market was Irregular. Total sales,
J3.C85.00O.
United States old Is (coupon) advanced '4
per cent on the last call.
New York Stock Market.
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
market was firm; creameries, 15@20%c; dairy,
ll@lSc. Cheese, firm; ll@12V4c. Eggs, firm
fresh, ISc. '
Continued on Page Nine.
UNITED STATES BONDS.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
4s coupon V&AUV& 4s coup (new).13834W 4
43 registered.. 113*4113% 3s quar coup.lllV-ll&i
MISCELLANEOUS BOND.-?.
Bay C P C 53.103% — Oceanic SS 5s.l04*il04 ! 5t
Cal-st Cab 5s. 116% — Om C R 63.... 125% —
C C Water Es.103% — Pac G Imp 4s. — —
E L & P es..l2SVil33^2 Pk & Cl R 6s.lC5 —
F & Cl Ry 6s.ll3 — Pk & O R 63.117 —
Geary-st R 5s. — — Powell-st R6S.120 —
Haw C 5%s...l0«% — S E O & R 5s. — 101
Haw C 5s 102 — S F & SJV 5s.llS% —
L A R R 5s.. 11314 — S Rof Cal 63.. 110 —
L, A L Co 63. — 103 S P Ror A 63
Do cntd 63.. — 104 fl909) — 113'*
Do gntd 5s. .100 — Do (1910) — 114*4
L A P R R 5S.102H — S P C 63 (1905.
Markt-skC 6s.l26»i — Series A).. ..106% —
Do 1st c 53.121% — Do(Serle3 B)107% —
NCNCRIs- 113% Do (1306) ....110 —
N Rof Cal 6s.H3 — Do <1912) .... — —
N R of Cal 5S.118VJ — S P C 1st g Bs.106% —
N P R R 63.. 101% — S P Br R 6s.. 131% —
.N P R R 6s.. — 108% S V Water 6s.113%11»
NCR 5s 111% — Do 4s 103?i —
O G L & H 5s.U0% — I Do 3d mts.. — 10314
Oak Tr Co 63.11(5 117 Stkn G & E 63.100 —
Oak W Co 53.101 — j
WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa.. — 74 [Spring Valley. 90 90Y a
Marin County. 53% — ')
GAS AND ELECTRIC STOCKS.
Cent Li £ P... — 4 Pac Lt Co 42% —
Equit Gas Z% 3<i Sac E G A R. — —
Mut Elec Lt... — 8 S P G & E.... 43*4 4> ! i
O G L & H... — 62 San Francisco. 4*4 4%
Fac Gas Imp.. — iO'i Stktn G & E.. — 14
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flrem's Pund.235 230 |
BANK STOCKS.
Anglo-Cal 73 79 Lon P & A.. ..148 —
Bank of Cal... 410 412 Mer Ex (Uq).. IS —
Cal Safe Dep..l06 — S F National.. — 123
1st X of S F.. — 312%
; . SAVINGS BANKS.
German 1S30 1300 • Sav & Loan... — —
Humboldt — -7 Security 275 —
Mutual 50 — - Union 1'iust... — —
S F Sav U 513 —
STREET RAILROAD STOCKS.
Callfom.-1-rt... — HO O S L & H.... 40 —
Geary-st 47% — Presidio — —
Market-st 70 —
POWDER STOCKS.
Giant Con Co.. — 82 |Vlgorit \ Vii 3*4
SUGAR STOCKS.
Hana Plan 7% 8 Kllauea — mi
Haw Com — — MakaweU 33% 40%
Honokaa : — 30'4 Onomea 8 23
Hutch S P 21 — Paauhau — —
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pack.. — UH',; 'Oceanic S S Co 43 49
Cal Fruit Can. 9S — Pac A F A.... 2 —
Cal Wine Asn.100 — " Pac C Bor Co.l52 1 ili3%
Mer Ex Assn..l03 — Par Paint Co.. 16 —
/ Morning Session.
Beard —
20 Alaska Packers' Association 123 12%
100 Contra Costa Water 7100
23 Honokaa 30 23
50 Honokaa 30 12%
13 Honokaa 39 CO
40 Hutchlnscn S P Co 20*3
$!J,0CO Los Angeles Railway la 112 25
SO Market Street Railway 70 00
$1. COO Oceanic Steamship Bonds 104 73
TUESDAY. April 9— i p. m.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
was lower at {90 2o@S0. and Honokaa. was
weak at $30 25@3O and Paauhau at $31.
In the afternoon Hutchinson sold up to $21.
The cil stocks showed no change worthy of
note.
Dividends will be paid to-day as follows:
California Street Cable Company. SOc per share.
$5000: Giant Powder Company. 73c per share.
$15,0C0; Pacific Gas Improvement Company.
30c per share, JSfiGO: Paauhau Sugar Company,
30c per share, $30,000.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust Com
pany has declared a quarterly dividend at the
rate of 6 per cent per annum, payable on the
15th.
The California "Wine Association will pay a
monthly dividend of 60c per share to-day.
The Central Point Consolidated Oil Company
will pay a dividend of 2c per share on May
1. J38C0.
The Continental Oil Company will pay a
dividend of 3 per cent, or JSOOO. on April 20.
The Kern River Oil Company has levied an
assessment of $1 per share. It will become
delinquent May 3..
* *
Business on the morning 1 session of the Bond
Exchange was very fair. Spring Valley Water
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 31,000 51,000
Wheat, bushels 148,000 '169,000
Corn, bushels 190,000 '• 219,000
Oats, bushels ..403,000 335,000
Rye, bushels 26,000 4,000
Barley, . bushels 6S.0C0 6,000
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; No. 3 spring -wheat, 67@71c; No. "2 red,
69%@72c; No. 2 corn, 43^0; No. 2 yellow. 43&c;
No. 2 oats, 26i£c; No. 2 white, 29@30c; No. 3
white, 28@29c; No. . 2 rye, 54c; good feeding
barley, 40@46c; fair to choice malting, 4»@5Sc;
No. 1 flaxseed, $1 53%@1 54.; No. 1 Northwest
ern, $1 55@1 55V&; prime timothy seed, $4 10(i?
4 15; mess pork, per bbl, $14 25@14 SO; lard, per
100 lbs, JS 25<S8 27V4: short ribs- sides (loose),
$8@8 20: dry, salted slioulders (boxed), 6%@6%c;
short clear sides (boxed), JS 25@S 37>A; whisky,
basis of hlsh wines, $1 27; clover, ¦ contract
grade, $11. ; ...
OTPth Meridian— Pacific Toast >
SAN FRANCISCO. April >-5 p. ra .
' The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same date last
reasor.. and rainfall Sn last twenty-four hours;
I Lnst J Thlsi I Last
STATIONS. 24 Hours! Season, j Season.
Kursk* 0.00 ! 44.43 { 43.0J
ne<l niuJT C'.fiO I 22.67 \ 20.0?
FaTJimento : j O.oo I 17.SO I 15.32
f=.-.n Fraucisco ...... i f>.M | jr.m I 17.47
Fr^no : I O.M ! JO.XS 1 7.3<;
Tria<'P*>n<len<--e ! <*.<*» I 5. SO " ' 2.M
Fat'. iJHif ObtFjTO."---! O.Cfl • ! S7.SS . ) 1«.W-
Tx-s Antics ...;...".{ O.ftf I H.17 | R.71
Kaa JJieso ••- ' C-M ' lt-^ 1 3.41
fan Francisco dats— Maxir.ua te:sj>erature.
~: inlnlrptiin. *S: naean. CO. ,.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AXD GENERAL
FORECAST.
Th<* pre,<=sur» hRt fallen rapidly over t"t»li
rvd Idaho and It is likely that a moderate dls
turbane* vrill pars northeastward through th»
valiey.of the Colorado and crcsr, the central
:<ortion of ttc Rockies Wednesday. An crea o.
Weather Report
The report of A. G. -McAdie, section director
of the climate and crop service of the Weather
Bureau, for the week ending Monday, is as
follows :
GENERAL SUMMARY.
The temperature has been several degrees be
low normal in all parts of the State during the
«~ k and severe frosts have occurred in the
central and northern portions and in some
parts of Southern California. Light rain has
fallen in all sections and in some places the
precipitation has been sufficient to improve tha
rendition of cram, hay and green feed. A hail
storm occurred on the ZA in Oakland and other
places, but caused no damage. Dry northerly
winds have prevailed in some sections to the
detriment of all crops.
Early sown grain is generally in good condi
tion and making satisfactory growth, but the
late sown is less thritty and shows the effects
of the doing winds and lack of rain. With
a tenerous rainfall in the next two weeks, it
is believed the wheat crop will be above the
average in all parts of the State. Barley and
ofcts are in fair condition and will probably
yield average crops. There will also be a good
crop of hay in most sections. Grain and wild
oats are being cut for hay in Southern Cali
fornia. Green feed is becoming scarce in some
places. Early vegetables have been consider
ably injured by fi-ost.
There are many reports of serious damage
to deciduous fruits by frosts during the week,
especially in the central and northern districts.
In some parts of the Sacramento Valley and
the northern coast counties it is reported that
the entire crop has been killed, but later re
ports will doubtless contradict .this. There
will probably.be a considerable loss on apricots,
grapes, peaches and prunes, and some dam
ape to early i^ears and other fruits. •
SACRAMENTO VALLEY— The unfavorable
weather conditions during the week have seri
ously impaired crop prospects in nearly all
parts of the valley. Temperature considerably
below normal and dry northerly winds have
been detrimental to grain and hay, and severe
frosts have injured early vegetables, deciduous
fruits and grapes. The extent of the damage
to fruit cannot be estimated at present but
reports show that there will be a heavy loss
on grapes, apricots, peaches, prunes and al
monds in many places, and that figs, walnuts
and early pears have been considerably injured.
Light showers in some sections have been
beneficial. Grajn is in rood condition in most
Places, but needs rain. Green feed is becoming
scarce.
COAST AND BAY SECTIONS— Cool weather
has prevailed during the week and severe frosts
have occurred in many places. Light rain has
fallen in nearly all sections, improving the con
dition of grain and hay. Fruit In the central
aj^d northern counties appears to have been
mere seriously injured by frosts than In the
southern coast counties, where It • Is report»d
the damage is very light. In Alameda, Son
oma, Napa ar.d Fan Mateo counties grapes and
deciduous fruits have been considerably dam
ajred. but the extent of the loss cannot yet be
tstiniated. Some of the large orchards were'
protected by emudging, as timely warnings
had been given. Grain and hay are In good
condition, but needing rain in the southern
counties.
SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY— Generally clear
and cold weather has prevailed during the past
week, with frequent frosts, which In some lo
calities have ereatly damaged vines and apri
cots and caused some damage to peaches The
Reneral impression Is that the frosts have not
ratified as much damage as was at first antici
pated. Licht rhoweru fell quite generally on
Saturday, but in most sections were not of ma
terial benefit. Rain is b^dly needed in all
nerts of the valley. Ucrly sown grain is in
excellent condition, but late sown, especially on
f=sn<iy soil, is suffering for rain. Present pros
pects are favorable for a good fruit crop.
Alfalfa looks well and green feed is still
plentiful in most districts. North winds pre
v;)il«sl the greater portion of the week. Th«
eriund in most place? -is too hard to work
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA— The temperature
has been below normal during the week and
frof.ts hive occurred in some places, slightly
injuring apricots and early potatoes. The light
slKwer» were very beneficial to hay and grain
hut more rain Is needed for late sowji wheat
ar<1 hay. Apricots are dropping and the yleid
will 1* light in some section*. Other decidu
ous fruits and Tralm:ts are advancing rapidly
ar.S locking Trell. Wheat and barley have
fr-nir.ep.ced headrnf out. Volunteer grain Is
to'Ing' cut for hey.
J^os Arjreles summary— Cold vtp*k with frost
l>n.ir>age reported in some localities: none In
rr'".<*rs. Morning of the fth the coldest In April
on rroord at Lns Angeles, with heavy to kill
ir.~ frost on low grounds.
Kureka fuir.mary— Gardens are backward on
af-.fv.unt of -continued cold weather and hieh
•v^rth winds. Heavy frosts but no material
reported. Grafs is good end the fruit
cutlcok excellent.
WHAT THE WEATHER BUREAU SAYS
ABOUT THE PREVAILING CONDITIONS.
The Weather and Crops.
ilail advices from New York say:
"Prunes continue to be the most active ar
ticle in dried fruits, but trade is more on the
hend-to-mouth order than it has been. The
scarcity of E0-€0s is now very marked, and
fome holders ask mere than the spot equiva
lent of association goods. A little business was
.heard of, however, at 5%c. A number of care
«'t this size are- tn route from California ami
due to arrive in a few days. Several cars of
£0-C0s, association pack, which have been
shipped on- consignment, are among the num
l>er, and from present appearances, should sell
i-eadily en arrival. Spot stocks of 40-50s are
net' plentiful, and C0-70s and 90-100s are Bcarcc.
"Raisins are selling in a email way to the
regular trade. It Is understood a sale of 1000
boxes of 3-crown California loose has been
made to a seeder, but no particulars could be
learned. Demand for seeded is light. Apricots
are in a bad way and there are offerinzs at
all sorts of prices, with almost nb dispositio-i
to buy. Peaches continue oasy, with only a
small business doinff. ,.-.
¦•Dates are about steady at 3Vtc for Hallowi.
Ic for Khadrawi and 2%<J?2%c for Salrs. Dates
are slow sellers at present, but holders expect
a better demand to set in soon. Figs are going
out quite f:-eely. Bag figs are hard to findL
Fancy "Tears are feirly steady, but low grades
are very dull and easy."
* runes and Raisins in New York
high pressure exists over the northwestern por
tion of the country.
The temperature has risen about 10 degrees
over Nevada and Southern Idaho. It has fall
en about 14 degrees in Southeastern Arizona.
Showers have fallen in Arizona and the ex
treme southern portion of California. A thun
der storm is reported at Ean Diego, i -
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight April 10, 1901.
Northern California— Fair Wednesday; con
tinued warm weather; -Jight northerly winds in
the interior; fresh westerly winds on the coast.
Southern California — Cloudy unsettled weath-.
er Wednesday, probably ehowers in southern
portion: continued warm; light southerly winds.
Nevada — Cloudy Wednesday; continued warm;
light northerly winds. • f if
Utah— Cloudy unsettled weather Wednesday;
probably light showers; light easterly winds.
Arizona — Cloudy unsettled weather "Wednes
day, with light snow in northern portion; light
showers in southern portion; warmer.
v San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Wednesday;
continued wafm weather; light northerly winds,
changing to fresh westerly, with fog in the
afternoon.
ALEXANDER G. McADIE.
¦ . Forecast Official. i
(Articles— .-: ... Open. - High. Low. Close.
'¦ "Wheat No. 2— - t
May -are 71% 69% 70
July....... ..71% 71% 70% '70%
Corn No. 2- *
April .:........;..,. ....*. .... .... 43%
May 44% 441^ _" 43 44
July 43% . 44 42% 43%
Oats No. 2— . .
May „... 25%' 25% 24% 25 ~
July..........:..... 25% 25% 24% 25
« Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 1430 14 43 14 30 .14 30
July 14 35 14 55 14 35 14 42%
Lard, per 100 lbs— t . ¦
May S 17% 8 20 8 15 . 8 15
July 8 10 8 12% 8 10 8 10
September.... 8 10 8 15 8 07% 8 10
Short. Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 8 0« 8 10 8 02% 8 07%
July «<¦..... 7 87% -7 95 7 87% 7 90 v
September ...7 85 - < 7 90- ¦ > 7 85 7 87%
The -medium grades; of Butter are now
quoted firmer,; while the' finer grades are. weak.
Orders .' from ' the north -are falling off, ¦ and
there is plenty of stock on the market. Cheese
Is steady with moderate stocks. . . •
Receipts of Eggs continue large, 'but the de
mand for storage keeps • up. The market was
quoted weak ; on the Exchange, however, with
a decline in the medium Erades.
¦ Receipts as reported by the Dairy Exchange
were: 83.SC0 pounds and 87 tubs of Butter, 1269
cares- E?gs, casjs Eastern. Eg-gs. 1L070
pounds California Cheese and — ~ pounds East
ern-Cheese. .. v ' ,
BUTTER—
Creamery — Extras, * 16c ; firsts, 13c ; seconds.
" Dairy— Extras, /lie; firsts, 14c; seconds, ;
¦tore, ; lie.; - ;:¦ :¦ . . ..^' '..
• Storage^Creamery • extras, - — -; firsts, — ;
seconds,: ;- dairy., extras. . . V..
- Pickle, * rier ixrund. • .
' K>:j.'. — -- per pound... -
. CKEECE— Fancy, fuM cream. 9%c; choice.
Butter, Cheese and Eggs
Two cars of .eastern 'arrived. Local stock
is In larger supply and weaker than last week,
though good stock still sells off readily. ' Poor
Hens and small Broilers are hard to move.
The small arrivals of Game brings the quo
tations. . * —
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. . lC@llc for Gob
blers and 13@14c for Hens; .' Geese, : per pair.
$1.75©2; Goslings. '$2 25@2 75: Ducks. 15 50®6 50
for old and R(S9 for young; Hens, $4(5'6: young
Roosters. - S7@S; old Roosters,. $4 25@4 75; Fry
ers. $C@6 50; Broilers, $4@5 for large and $2 50
@3 £0 for small; -Pigeons,- $2, per dozen tor old
and $2 50@2 75 for Squabs. '. . ' .
' GAME— Gray Geese, $3; White Geese. $1 23;
Brant, $1 50 for small and J2 for large; English
Snipe, $3 50: Jack Snipe, $150; Hare, J1©1 23;
Rabbits, $1@1 25 for Cottontail- and 75c for
Brush. ¦ ' , -- • - . . ' . ¦
Poultry and Game.
- Potatoes are in good' shape for sellers arid
Oregon descriptions are. firm. ; There is no
change' in Onions. ' ¦ . •
The Vegetable market " shows no changes
worthy- of note. Receipts about balance the
demand, though' the feeling • in Asparagus,
Rhubarb and Peas is easy. .
Receipts were 10S4 boxes Asparagus, 690 boxes
Rhubarb, e40 sacks Bay Peas and 295 sacks
New Potatoes. . '
POTATOES— Early Rose, 65@S3c; Burbanks,
:.".@35c for River and '70c@$l 10 for Oregon;
Garnet Chiles from Oreg-on, $10125: Sweets,
65®75c for Merced; New Potatoes, l@2c per lb.
ONIONS— Oregons, $2 50<§3 50 per ctl; Ne
vadas, $3 25@3 M; Cut Onions; 50c@$l 25' per
sack; Australians, $3 50@4; Green Onions, 25@
40c . i>er box.
VEGETABLES— Rhubarb, 50c@$l 25 per box;
Asparagus, ?2 for fancy, - $1 35(^1 75 per box
for No. 1 and $1@1 25 for No. 2: Green Peas,
2<53c for Bay; String Beans, S@10c: Cabbage,
GO'gfiSc; Tomatces. "Los Angeles," $1@1 50 per
crate; from Mexico, SI 25(51 50 per crate; Egg
Plant. Los Angeles, 15c per lb: Green Peppers,
I.«s Angeles, 13c per IB for , Chile and 20c for
ISell: Dried Peppers, 12@18c; Dry Okra, 23c
per lb; Carrots, 25ig'35c- per sack; Hothouse Cu
cumbers, 50c@$l per. dozen: Summer Squash.
$1 EO uer box; Garlic, 4Q6c= per lb;. Marrowfat
Squash, $20<530 per ton. . . . -_
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, nominal; Yellow
Mustard, nominal; Flax, $2 50@3; Canary 3%@
3%c for Eastern; Alfalfa, 7%<g8%c for Califor
nia and 903'/2C for Utah; Rape, 2@2',ic; Hemp,
3%c: Timothy, --(P/ic -
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $2@2 50; Green, $2 70®
3 per ctl; Blackeye," nominal.
Potatoes, Onions and Vegetables.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 5002 70: Small White, $4 75
ffii 90; Large White, $4@4 15; Pink. $1 6001 90;
Red, S3@3 25; Blackeye. S2 75<g3; Llmas, $6 15@
6 25; Pea, nominal; Red Kidney, $i 50 per ctl.
The situation in Beans . stands the same.
Llmas are scarce and firm. Pinks are in
heavy supply and weak, with plenty of sell
ers and. few buyers. White kinds are In light
supply and steadily held.
Beans and Seeds.
HAY— Volunteer. $5@8: Wheat, $11@13; Wheat
and Oat, $9(512: Oat, $9@11 50; Clover, nominal;
Alfalfa, $8@9 50: Barley, $7 50@9 50 per ton.
-STRAW— 35® 47%c per bale.
Hay is ¦ steady at the moment, and if the
present dry ndrth winds continue more firm
ness may develop. Bran is still firm.
BRAN — $15 50@16 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16 50@19 50 per ton.
FEECSTUFFS— Rolled Barley. $17 C0@18 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $25@26; jobbing,
*26 50; Cocoanut Cake. $17® 18; Corn Meal, $25®
25 50: Cracked Corn, $25 S0@28; Mixed Feed,
$15@16. _:.
Hay and Feedstuff s.
FLOUR— California Family Extras, $3 25®
3 50, usual terms; Bakers' Extras, $3 13@3 23;
Oregon, $2 75052 85 per. barrel for family and
?2 loQ3 for bakers'; Washington bakers', $2 75
©3.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour,. $8 per 100 . lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75; Rye
Meal, $2 50; Rice Flour, $7; Corn Meal, $2 73;
extra cream do, $3 50: Oat Groats, $4 50: Hom
iny. $3 S0(ffi3 75; Buckwheat Flour/ $4@:4 25;
Cracked Wheat, - $3 50; Farina, $4 50; "Whole
Wheat Flour, ?3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels),
SG 10@7 60: . in sacks, $5 7o@7 23; Pearl Barley,
$5; Split Peas,- $5; Green Peas, $6 50 per 100 lbs.
'Flour and Millstuffs;
CORN — The market continues very dull,
though offerings on. 'Change are not large.
Yellow, $1 10@l 15; White, $1 10@l 15; Eastern
Mixed, $1 12% per ctl..
RYE— Continues weak and freely offered at
S0©82%c per ctl. .
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 65@1 70 per
ctl, ex- warehouse.
' .OATS— Continue quiet at the familiar quota
tions. White. $1 33@1 50; Surprise, nominal;
Red. $1 "30(^1 45; Black, $1 15@1 25 per ctL
Informal Session— 9:13 o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— December— 2000 ctls, 73c;, 2000,
72%c. - • . ¦ ,
, Regular Morning ¦ Session — December — 2C0Q
ctls. 72%c. May— 2000. 76 1 ,6c. 1
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls, '72%c;
20C0, 72c. May— 6000. ctls, 76c. ,• .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Feed. 77%<37S%c for No. 1 and 73%@75c for
off grades; Brewing and Shipping grades, 82%
<3&TAc; Chevalier, nominal.
Second Session — December — 2000 ctls, $1 05;
200D, $1 04%. May— 2000. $1 00%.
Regular Morning Session — December— 8000
Ctls. $104%.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
$104%: 24.000. $103. May— 4000, $100%.
BARLEY— In spite of the dry north wind ttie
market was suddenly weaker, both on and off
call, with larger offerings in the sample mar
ket.. "" .
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:15 o'clock— December—
2000 ctls, $105; 2000. ?1 05%: 20,000. $103%.
Chicago opened firm but unchanged, with the
demand chiefly to fill shorts.- Chicago sold
freely. ¦ The short Wheat bought Monday was
being' resold. ' Monday's rally was due to re
ports of frost in Germany and a larger export
business. Yesterday's cables did not express
any uneasiness over the condition of the Ger
man crop, and the general crop news of the
world was favorable; so much' so that no bull
; market is expected at the moment., Brad
street's, estimates of stocks are as follows:
East of the Rockies, a; decrease of 1,622.000
bushels; Europe and- afloat, an increase of 1,
200,000, making a net decrease of 422,000 bush
els. . . • ¦ ; . ""
"- The local spot market was unchanged, but
futures were weaker.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ?1; milling, $1 02%®
1 05 per Ctl.
.WHEAT FREIGHTS— The market continues
about - as last quoted — 33s - 9d@35s, usual op
tions, according; to size of carrier, i ¦ The char
tered wheat fleet In port has a registered ton
nage of 18,800, against 23,340 tons pn the same
date last year; disengaged, 8127 ¦ tons, against
2565; on the way to this port, 160,250 tons,
against 1S3.S84.
WHEAT — Liverpool and Paris were both
weak and New .York was lower. , .
Wheat andOtlier Grains.
43H .53
Mexican Dollars, nominal
Mexican dollars " are \ lower, - with a sale of
No. 2 at 49%c- . ,¦-.- y ': ; ¦ •'
The Hongkong Maru took out a treasure list
of $34,423, consisting of -$1723- in Mexican dol
lars, $700 In gold coin and $32,000 in silver
bullion.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days........ — $4 85%
Sterling. Exchange, sisht......:... — ' 4 89
Sterling Cables ..;. — . 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — ¦' - 15
Silver, per ounce — ' 5J
Exchange and Bullion.
CHICAGO, "April" 9.'— In wheat the decline
which began a week ago continued unchecked.
Lower cables were oftbet by 'light Northwest
receipts and the opening was without any ma
terial change in prices. .May at this time sold
at 71»4@71%c, compared with yesterday's close
at 71V4c Moderate buying, chiefly In the hope
of a turn after so severe a break, caused an
early rally to 71%c. No support developed,
however, and wheat bought at the start came
out again. The decline once started long stuff.
came out in heavy quantities, one operator
dumping 2,000,000 bushels into the pit. Stop
loss ¦ orders were uncovered and the combined
pressure forced May down to 69%c. . Excellent
weather for the crop 7 and the expectation of a
bearish government report to-morrow were
facters In weakening thf market. Profit-taking
by Ehorts caused a recovery, - but the close was
weak, May l%c depressed at 70c. v : '
Trade In corn was moderately active. Prices
ruled -lower, but th'e market seemed to have
considerable strength nevertheless, considering
the news' and the - weakness in wheat. Profit
taking by shorts and buying by Phillips caused
a sharp rally, near the close. May left oft
only % c lower at 43%®44c. -^
Heavy selling of May and July oats charac
terized the business in that cereal. May closed
He lower at 21%@25c. * " ¦ ¦
Provisions were quiet and easier In. sympathy
with, a decline at the yards. May pork closed
20c lower, lard 10c down and ribs 2%c depressed.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
LOCAL MARKETS. •
Mexican dollars loiver. Silver higher.*
Shipment of $34,423 to China.
Wheat and Barley futures zucaker.
Oats, Corn and Rye quiet ancl unchanged.
Hay steady and Bran firm. Rolled Barley steady.
No further change in Bej.-is.
Potatoes firm and Onions steady. Vegetables about as before.
Medium Butter higher and medium Eggs lozver.
Cheese unchanged. .. ' ; j/£
Twelve cars of Oranges annpunccd for to-day's auction.
Strawberries zvcaker. Bananas firm.
Some chqnges in Dried Fruits. Nuts and Honey lower.
Provisions as previously reported. • . . \
Hops firm, Hides zveak and Wool neglected.
Slight changes on the different stock exchanges. i
Salt continues to boom..
Lard Oil marked up. .
Hogs scarce. Mutton weak. Beef and Veal steady.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry arrived. •
Weather Bureau reports damage to fruits by frost.
Prices on Prunes reduced to a 2c basis.
"WASHINGTON, April 9.— To-day's state
ment of the Treasury balances shows: Avail
able cash balance, ?160,742.S64; gold, $9S,6S4, 276.
•Sf-^ '¦ i ¦- ; . »
Condition of the Treasury.
NEW YORK. April 9.— Money on call firm,
3Vs:<33 per cent: last loan and ruling rate, '4K
per cent; prime mercantile parper, 3%@4%' per
cent: sterling exchange steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 S7 for demand
end $4 S4V44J4 84% for sixty days; posted rates
$«£5%ff?4S9: commercial bills, $4 83%<S4 84« :
sliver certificates, 58S59c; bar silver. 59c:-Mex
ican dollars, • 4Sc: • Government bonds, firmer;
State bonds, steady; railroad bonds. Irregular.
Netv.; York Money. Market.
LONDON. April 9.— Atchison, 63%; Canadian
Pacific. 93T4: Union Pacific preferred, S6«i;
Northern Pacific. 96%; Grand Trunk, 8%c-
Anaconda. 9%; bar silver steady, 27 3-16d;
money. 3t?3% per cent.
CLOSING.
It Is expected that £500,000 of Government
dividends will soon be mopped up by the re
payments to the bank, which will probably re
sume its strong grip on money within a few
days. Silver spurted to-day on speculative buy
ing. --¦•¦ : - .
Business generally was cramped on the stock
market -here to-day by the impending settle
ment which comes to-morrow. The chief in
terest was in the American department, which
v/as moderately busy. The- American shares
opened cautiously, people having been scared by
the relapse in New York, but it was soon
realized that the drop was Infinitesimal when
compared with the recent advance, and a gen
eral quiet movement set in. This was en
couraged by the opening . In New York and
the appearance here of American support. The
close was quiet and at the top prices of the
day. The. Northern Pacific issues were the
leaCine- features here. ' Berlin neglected them,
favoring Erles.
NEW YORK. April 9.— The Commercial Ad
vertiser's London financial cablegram says:
London Market.
¦ i'Im I^° U . 1s £ San Fran " •••••- 41 'i
I* uls & San F"" 111 1st prefd S3
?-Sn l» */° uis & Sa " Fran 2d prefd...... 65%
' J'im 15 J^" 8 Southwestern .............. 36^
OISCO It sSo «hwestern prefd....... 65 Vi
1.000. St Paul prefd"'!;;:;"" ¦*"*"lS9
NA'-aA i l Paul & Omaha '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.'.130 *
10- o00 Southern Pacific .. ....*. 45»A
19,90iJ Southern Railway 2S&
31,100 Union" Pacific r:EsSttH*f:~Hi£HS«ltt
7,-iOO.Unlon Pacific prefd . ¦ " 85
400 Wabash ?m/
9,700, Wabash prefd ...'.':".'.'.'.- "" is?!
¦*?» Whee " n^ & Lake Erie':::::::::::::: w%
1 r'S" S-? eelin F & Lake Erle -* P«fd 35
1,500 Wisconsin. Central . ..".... . iQii
• • Third Avenue :...'........ i»i
600 rvational Tube - es{f
110 National "Tube prefd ¦".".'.'"¦ '.'.'.'.117
" .•"" Express Companies— .
100 Adams ...........169
• • American ........ " "*"iq«
3,200 United States .... Sj
• , Wells Fargo:..:..". ...I.II!".""l40
Miscellaneous—. " y— 1« .
American Cotton Oil .:.... 26M
• • • '••• American Cotton Oil prefd Zo
'. 100 American Malting 5
1 152 American Malting prefd 25
il 1^ Amer Jcan Smelting & Refining 6214
.13,500 American Smelting & Refining pfd 96%
American Snlrits ....... " 2%
....... American Spirits prefd !" 17
500 American Steel Hoop ........... .. 4614
"; 200 American Steel Hoop prefd ........ 95U
1,400, American. Steel & Wire . . 47%
500 American Steel & -Wire prefd..I..Ill0
American Tin Plate -76
%;•;;• American Tln^Plate prefd ....118
21,300 American Tooacco 12714 "
American Tobacco prefd 144
3,000 Anaconda Mining Co 46U
16,100 Brooklyn Rapid Transit S2'2
11,000 Colorado Fuel & Iron 71
9,100 Continental Tobacco 46%,
400 Continental Tobacco prefd 104
1.900 Federal Steel „ 53%
100 Federal Steel prefd .103%
12.000 General Electric 223
100 Glucose Sugar ...... : . ; 49
Glucose Sujrar prefd 96 •
1,200 International Paper *>si£
1,600 International Pamper prefd SO
800 Laclede Gas 84%
.3,600 National Biscuit -..; 39%
National Biscuit prefd 95
100 National I^ead^ 16W
100 National Lead -prefd V 83
300 National Steel 58
1,100 National ' Steel' prefd .117
100 New York Air Brake 133
3,109 North American gs
Pacific Coast » 53
Pacific Coast 1st prefd 90
Pacific Coast 2d prefd 63
1,000 Pacific Mall 36U
14,800 People's Gas :..../. lioai
S0O Pressed Steel Car 39%
1.600 Pressed Steel Car prefd 82W
200 Pullman Palace Car 210
200 Standard Rope & Twine 4%
60.COO Sugar 142%
Sugar prefd ...:'l2l
4.100 Tennessee Coal & Iron : 63U
2.300 United States Leather 12%
6,000 United States Leather^ prefd 7554
€00 United States Rubber 2U4
5.600 United States Rubber prefd 61 K
13,800 Western Union '. 92%
E4.70O Amalgamated Copper ' 1OS%
2.S00 Republic Iron & Steel .".. I9U"
1.900 Republic Iron & Steel prefd 76
62.200 United States Steel ..47
47,900 United States Steel prefd 94%
1111 . :l P C C & St L 67
1,345,000 Shares sold. ' ¦
CLOSING BONDS. .
U S 2s reg ref 106% NYC lsts .107
Do coupon ..106% N J C.gen 5s 133
U S 3s reg 110% N Pacific 3s........ 72%
, Do 3s coupon 111>4 Do 4s 10514
Do new 4s reg. ".138% 1J TCtStL 4s.. 106
Do new 4s coup..l3S% N & W con 4s.....l01 1 i
Do old 4s reg 113Vi Or Nav lsts ... 109
-Do old 4s coup.-m'/fe Do 4s....... 104'i
Do Es reg 111% Or Short Line 6s.. .129,
Do os coupon.... lll'£ Do con 5s...'. 117
Dist of Col 3.65s.. .12t Reading gen 4s &,-,;
Atchlson gen "is.. .102% R G Wlsts t.:.10H4
Do adj 4s 96 St L & I M con 5s.llo«
Canada So 2ds 10314'gt L & S F gen 6s.l31iA
Ches & O 4V4s 106% Rt Paul cons. I8fr»
5s ......121% St P C & P lsts..H8V6
Chi & N con 7s. ..142 .Do 5s l'OVi
Do S F deb 5s. ..124 S Pacific 4s 92^4
Chicago Term 4s... 97V4 S Railway 5s 117
Colorado So 4s...:. 87H Stand R & T 63.. 60
D & R G 4s........l01HiTex & Pac lsts... .119
Erie gen 4s 83}4i Do 2ds 100
F W & D C lsts-..104U]U Pacific 4s .106
Gen Electric 5s ISSVz Wabash lsts...:... 120>A
Iowa Cent lsts 117 Do 2ds .110%
L & N uni 4s 102% West Shore 4s.....ll5
M K & T 2ds 81 - Wise Cent' lsts.... 89%
Do 4s.. 9S% Va Centuries.. 95i|
" MINING STOCKS.
Adams Con 22 Little Chief.: 16
Alice 35 Ontario 9 00
Breece .1 30 Ophir 65
Brunswick Con 20 Phoenix 08
Comstock Tunnel... C6 PotosI 07
Con Cal & Va 2 00iSavage 07
Deadwood Terra.... 55 1 Sierra Nevada 23 s
Horn Silver llOlSmall Hopes 60
Iron Silver :. 60jStandard 4 10
Leagville Con 05 1 .
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — . Union Pacific 91%
Call loans. — .....3 @4 Union Land 314
Time loans 3}£@4 West End........... 98
Stocks— Bonds —
Atch T & Sta Fe. 63U NE Gas & C 5s.. 67
Do prefd 93% Mining Shares-
American Sugar. .142% Adventure „ 14%
Do prefd 122 Blngham Mln Co.. 24»/4
Amer Telephone.. .170 Amalg Copper 108%
Boston & Albany.280 Boston & Mont...3So'
Boston Elevated. ..174 Butte & Boston. ...104%
Boston & Maine. ..194 Calumet & Hecla..S27
Chi B & Q 1S6 Centennial 25%
Dominion Coal.... 37% Franklin 18%
Do prefd Ill Humboldt .7. 28
Federal Steel 53 Osceola ...../. 82U
Do prefd 10314 Parrot .<. 5414
Fitchbtirg prefd. ...144^ Quincy 175
Gen Electric prefd.215 Santa Fe Copper.. W4. '
Ed Elec 111.. 7? 235 Tamarack .........335
N E Gas & Coke. 11% Utah Mining....... 35
Old Colony 209 Winona ; 4% :
Rubber... :.. 21 Wolverines ........ 57' ;
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
COMMERCIAL FINANCIAL
WHEAT— Spot, steady:, No. 2 'red "Western,
winter, 6s; No. 1 new spring, 6s l^d; No. -1
California,. 6s 3d. Futures, quiet; May, 5>
10%d; July, 5s 10%d. .
CORN— Spot, steady; American mixed new,
3s ll%d; American old, 4s Id. Futures, steady:
May. 3s 10%d; July, 3s 10%d; September, 3s lid.
LIVERPOOL, April 9.— Wheat, quiet; No. 1
standard California, 6s 2V4d@6s 3d; wheat In
Paris, dull; flour in Paris, dull; French coun
try markets, quiet; weather in England, fine.
COTTON— Uplands. 4 19-S2d.
CLOSING.
LONDON, April 9.-^-Consols, 95 13-16; silver.
27 3-i6d ; French rentes, ' 101? 37V4c ; cargoes on
passage, quieter, hardly, any demand ; cargoes
Walla Walla. 29s; English country markets,
quiet; wheat and flour, on" passage to United
Kingdom, 3.890,000; wheat and flour on pa^=
fiage to Continent. 1,510,000; Indian shipments
wheat to- United Kingdom, none; Indian ship
ments wheat to Continent, none. -¦:¦ -
Foreign Markets.
A. fair Jobbing. trade transpired in the mar
ket for evaporated apples. The supply, how
ever, ¦ being . ample, checked any rise in' values,
which were on the basis of 3@4c for. State
common; prime, 4%@4%c; choice, 5@5%c; fancy,
6@6%c. ;,.-•-¦.. . - -
California' dried fruits ruled- inactive- and
nominally unchanged.
PRUNES— 3%@7c per pound, as to size and
quality. . - - •
* APRICOTS— Royal, 7'4@12c;' Moorpark, 8',i@
13c. . - :-¦ '
PEACHES— Peeled, 12^@20c; unpeeled, 5'i@
10c. - •¦•¦¦. ¦ • . ¦¦ -
Chicago Grain Market.
DRIED FRUITS.
No. 9. 4.65c; No. 10,- 4.50c; No. 11, 4.45c: No. 12,
4.40c; No. 13, 4.40c; No. 14. 4.35c; standard,
5.15c; confectioners' A, 5.15c; mold A, 5.70c;
cutloaf, 5.85c; crushed, 5;85c; powdered, 5. 43c;
granulated; 5.33c; cubes, 5.60c. ' •
- BUTTER— Receipts, S937 packages : steady;
fresh creamery, 16@22c; factory. ll@14Uc
¦ BGGS— Receipts, 15,450' packages: steady:
"Western ' fresh, 14c : = do. , storage, U@143£c.
CANNED FRUITS— Reports received by the
California Fruit Grower direct from canners
show the pack of fruits and vegetables for the
season of lSGO'to be as follows: Table fruits.
2,435,562 cases; total pack of all kinds, includ
ing pie fruits, etc., 2.775,896 case?; tomatoes,
519,502 cases of I'/i-lb, and 47, CfO cases of gal
lons; of asparagus, 143.S61 cases; total pack of
all fruits and vegetables, 3,379,513 cases.
against 3.73G.602 cases packed in 1893. Extras
in 2>A-lb tins are quoted as follows: Apricots.
$1 £0; Cherries, $2 for black and $2 for Royal
Anne: Grapes, $1 33: Peaches. 65c@$l 75; Pears.
$1 85; Plums, $1 3o@l 40; Quinces, $1 63; Straw
berries. $1 75. - •
COAL— Wellington, $9 per ton; Southfield
Wellington, $9; Seattle. $7; Bryant. $6 50; Coos
Bay, $o 50; Wallsend. $9; Co-operative Walls
end. $9: Cumberland, $12 in bulk and $13 23 in
sacks: Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14: Can
nel. $10 per ton; Coke, $15 per ton In bulk anJ
$17 in sacks;- Rocky Mountain descriptions,
JS 43 per 2000 pounds and J3 30 per ton, accord
ing to brand.
CORDAGE — The local cordage company
quotes as follows: Pure Manila. 13%c per lb;
Sisal size, 10%c; Bale Rope, 9Vic; Duplex, 9%c.
Terms, ¦ 60 days, or 1% per cent cash discount.
Lots of 10,000 Its. lc less.
PACIFIC CODFISH— Bundles, per lb. 4%c;
cases, regular, ottc: do. extra large, 5%c; 4o,
Kastern style, 6Uc; Boneless. 6?ic; Norway.
CV'c: Narrow Gauge, 7c; Silver King, 7%c;
blocks. Oriental, 5c; do, Seabright,"7c; tablets,
7Uc middles. Golden State, "c: do. White Seal,
S%c; 5-lb boxes, fancy. Boneless. 9c: 2-lb do,
7c; Desiccated, per dozen. 75c: Pick Jed Cod,
barrels, each. 47 75: do. half-barrels, $4 73.
COFFEE— Ccsta Rica— 14 l ,i@13%c for strictly
BAGS— San Quentln .Bags, $5-65; Calcutta
Grain Bass, June and July, 7c; spot, 6%@7c;
local make, %c Ies3 than • Calcuttas; Wool
Bass, 30®34c: fleece Twine. 7J4@8c.
General Merchandise.
PORK — Live Hogs. 180 lbs and under, 6%c;
180 to 225 lbs, 6%<g6%c; 225 and over, 6@6iic;
feeders, ; dressed Hogs, 8 l /4@9%c.
LAMB— Spring. 9@10c per pound.
Other meats show no change, tho-igh Mut
ton and Lamb are weak and likely to decline
any day.. Stocks of all Meats are rather more
liberal than they have been. Hogs excepted.
BEEF— 7@8c for Steers and 6®7c per lb for
cows.
VEAL— Large. 7@8c; small, 9c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 8@9c; Ewes, 7}4@8c per
pound. . • >
Hogs are as scarce as ever and the tone
of the market rules firm.
- HIDES AND SKINS— Culls and brand sell
about me under quotations. Heavy Salted
¦ Steers, 9%c; medium, &'&c; light. Sc Cow
Hides, . 8V£c for heavy and 8c' for light; Stags,
6c; Salted Kip, 9c; Salted Veal. 9c; Salted
Calf, 10c; Dry Hides. 15%c; Culls, 13c; Dry
Kip, 15c; Dry Calf, 16c: Culls and Brands, 12@
13c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 15®25c each; short
Wool, 30®40c each; medium, 50@ti5c; long Wool,
75c<5$l each; Horse Hides, salt, $2 50 for large
and $2@2 25 for medium. Sligl 25 for small and
SOc for Colts; Horse -Hides, dry, $1 73 for large,
$1 25 for medium, $1 for small and SOc for Colts.
Deerskins — Summer or red skins, 35c; fall or
medium skins, 30c; winter or thin skins, 20c.
Goatskins — Prime - Angoras, 75c; large and
smooth. SOc; medium, 35c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 4%c per lb; No. 2,
3%(S4c: grease, 2®2%c.
"WOOL— Spring. 1900 or 1901— Humboldt and
Mendocino, • 13@16c per lb; Northern, free, 12©
13c; defective. 9@llc: Middle County, free, 10@
lie; do. defective, S@10c; Southern. 12 months,
8£9c; Southern, free. 7 months. 7<{M0c; do, de
fective. 7 months. 7@Sc; Oregon Valley, fine,
15@16c: do, medium and coarse. 14@15c; Oregon,
Eastern, choice, 12@14c; do fair to good, 9@llc;
Nevada, 10®12c. '
' HOPS— 13@20c per lb.
San Francisco Meat Market.
Hides are still quoted dull and weak, with
stocks accumulating except in good dry Hides,
which are moving off fairly.
Hops continue firm with light stocks, j and
buyers are still looking fcr contracts in the
country, but growers are shy.
There is nothing doing in Wool and quota
tions stand as before.
Hides, Tallow, Wool and Hops.
COTTOLENE— One half-barrel, S%c; three
half -barrels, 8%c; one tierce, 8%c; two tierces,
8c; five tierces. 7%c per lb.
LARD— Tierces quoted at 6%c per lb for
compound and 1054b for pure; half-barrels,
pure, 10%c: 10-lb tins, ll^c; 5-Ib tins. ll%c.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 12c per lb for
heavy, 12^A@l^c for light medium, 13%c for
light, 14'&c for extra light and loVic for sugar
cured; Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 13c; Mess
tBeef, $12 20 per barrel; extra Mess. $12 50; Fam
ily. $13 50; prime Mess Pork, $13@15 50; extra
clear. $23; Mess, $19; Smoked Beef, 14c per lb.
There is no activity in this market, though
stocks continue limited and the tone is very
firm.
Provisions.
HONEY— Comb, 13%@14c for bright and 12Vi
&\Zc for light amber: water white extracted.
7@7^c; light amber extracted. 5@6c; dark, 49
5c per. lb.
BEESWAX— 25@28c per lb.
# Some fruits Show a slight shading in quo
tations. . Apricots, however, are firm. Dealers
report a, steady outgo of stock, though the
lots are small as a rule. Prunes continue firm
aiid wanted in the East.- Imported Nuts are
lower and Honey also shows a decline. Raisins
continue dull.
- The Cured Fruit Association has reduced the
prices on Prunes to a 2c basis for domestic
¦tT.de on all sizes except 100-1203 and 30- 10s for
the next -15 days.
- FRUITS— Apricots. E<g7%e for Royals and
SH.tS10c.for Moorparks; Evaporated Apples.
: S^igCic; sun-dried. lV£@3c; Peaches. 3®3VjC for
standard. 4@5c for choice and 5p6c for fancy;
Fears, 2@7c; Plums, pitted, 3!i®3c; . unpltted,
1 1S1%c; Nectarines, - 4J1&C for red and 4®5c
1 tor white. a •
PRUNES— Santa Clara, 4 sizes. 2c: 30-40s. 7c;
4C-5CS, 5%c; 50-60s. S 1 ,^: 60-70s, 2»ic; 70-SOs, 2\4c;
f>C-9Cs, l%c; 30-lCOs, l',4c; 100-120S, l^c: rubles.
%c premium; Ecnomas, Y n c .and San Joaquins
lie less than Santa" Claras, except 1C0 and over,
which stand the same.
RAISINS— The Raisin Growers' Association
has established the following prices: Bleached
Thompson's fancy, 12c per lb; choice, lie:
standard, 10c:- prime, 9c; unbleached Thomp
son's. 8c per lb. Sultanas— Fancy, lO'/ic per lb;
choice, 9'^c: standard, 8%c; prime, 8c; un
bleached Sultanas,, 8c; Seedless, 50-lb boxes,
6Hc: 4-crown. 7c; 3-crown, 6%c: 2-crown. 6c.
Pacific brand. 2-crown, 5c; 3-crown, 5Uc. and
4-crown, 5%c; seeded (Fresno prices), fancy.
16-ounce, 7c; 12-ounce, o'^c; choice, 16-ounce,
6%lc; ¦ 12-ounce, 5ftc; London Layers, 2-crown,
$150 per box: 3-crown. $160; Fancy Clusters.
$2; Dehesa. $2 £0; Imperial, $3. Alt prices f. o.
b: at common shipping points In California.
NUTS — Chestnuts, S@10c per lb for Italian;
Walnuts, No. I softshell. 10c; No. 2, 7Vic; No.
1 hardshell.. 9%c; No. 2, 7c; Almonds. 12@13c
for paper-shell, 9@llc for softshell: Peanuts.
5<St6c for Eastern: Brazil Nuts. ll@ll>ic: Fil
berts, 12@12^c; Pecans, US 13c; Cocoanuts.
$S 5CKS5.
Dried Fruits, Nuts and Raisins.
The ¦ tendency In Strawberries* is downward,
as receipts sfre gradually Increasing. Bananas
cc-ntlnue firm under light supplies. There are
few Apples on the market now. ag£3fe
DECIDUOUS FRUITS
STRAWBERRIES—50(g63c per drawer for
Lonpworths and 25@35c for large berries.
. APPLES— S0@7oc per 'box for common and
Jlgfl 73 for good to choice and $2@2 25 for
fancy. . -.'- ¦ . .
CITRUS FRUITS— Navel Oranges. 73c®$2;
Seedlings, ; Tangerines. 50CRJ1 23: Lemons,
5Cc@$l for common and $1 25@2 fcr good to
choice: Grape Fruit. oOcfSSt 50; Mexican Limes,
$3 SC<S6; Bananas. $1 2i(S2 SO per bunch; Pine
arples, 75cS$- per dozen. . -
There is no particular change In citrus fruits.
Oranges are steady- and 'In ample supply.
Lemons are weak and plentiful and there Is
nc- scarcity in Limes. ¦ ¦ ~ • .
Twelve cars of Oranges are announced for
tr-day's" auction.
Deciduous and Citrus Fruits.
seconds. . •
. Storage — California fancy, : standard.
: Eastern fancy. ; standard, ; sec
onds, . V *
S^e; common, nominal: Young Americas, 10c;
Eastern, full cream. 14316c per lb.
EGGS— - . . ¦
California Ranch— Selected White. 15c; mixed
colors, I3%c per dozen. - ,
California Gathered— Selected. HMc; stand
ard. \l\~c: seconds. . ¦
Fresh Eastern— Fancy, - — ; standard. .
MONDAY. APRIL 8.
Flour, qr sks 12,242 Wool, bales 87
Wheat, ctls 520 Hides «03
Barley, ctls 1.590 Pelts, bdl3 «fio
Oats (East), ctls. 1.50O Tallow, ctls..' S2O
Potatoes, sks 385 Leather, rolls 94
Hay, tons 251 Lime. bb!s : 1S2
Straw, tons 40 Silver, flasks 77
Hops, bales 6 Wine, gals 42,700
Bran, sks 140 Beans, sks S3
Middlings, nks 273 Rye, ctls 360
Broomcorn. bdl3.. 100
Receipts of Produce.
LUMBER— Retail price-? are as follows:
Pine, ordinary • sizes. $1S@19; extra sizes,
higher: Redwood. $18019; Lath. 4 feet. $3 900
4; Pickets. £»: Shingles, $2 for common ani
$2 75 for fancy; Shakes. $13 for «plit and $11
for sawn; Rustic. $23@29.
RED AND WHITE LEAD— Red Lead. TMtf
7&C per lb; "White Lead, 7@7%c, according to
quantity.
QUICKSILVER— $46 50@47 per flask for local
use and $43 for export.
SUGAR— The "Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, per lb. In 100-lb bags:
Crushed 6.C5c: Powdered. 5.65c; Candy Gran
ulated. 5.63c; Dry Granulated. 5.53c; Confec
tioners' A. 5.55c; Magnolia A. 5.15c: Extra C.
5.05c; Golden C, 4.95c; barrels. 10c more; half
barrets. 25c more; boxes. 50c more: 50-lb hago.
10c more. No orders taken for less than 75
barrels or Its equivalent. Domlnos, half-bar
rels. 6.30c; boxe3, 6.52c per lb.
COAL. OIL— "Water White Coal Oil. In bulk.
13c; Pearl Oil, in cases. 19c; Astral. 19c; Star,
19c; Extra Star. 23c: Elaine. 2ic; Eocene. 21c;
deodorized stove Gasoline, in bulk, lie; In
cases. 21c; Benzine, in bulk. 14c: in cases. 20c:
SC-degree . Gasoline, in bulk. SOc: in* cases. 2Sc.
SALT— Prices have again advanced. H. It.
H. Is quoted at $13 75 per ton In large sacks
and $19 73 in Eds. Liverpool Is quoted at «7;J?
13 50 for the best and $11 30^13 23 for lower
grades. Htfrglns'. $27 50@30 per ton.
TURPENTINE — 55c per gallon in cases and
49c In drums or Iron barrels.
Guatemala and Mexican — 1-ft" itic for prime to
fancy washed; 10%®llHc for strictly good
waslied; &%@10^c for good washed; WMOTiC'
for fair washed; "^(SS'ic tor medium; G@V.tc
for inferior to ordinary; HS13e tor good to
prime washed peaberry; nominal for
good to prime unwashed peaberry: SH@8So
nominal for gor.d to superior unwashed.
LEATHER— Sole, heavy. 28@33c per lb: Sole
Leather, medium, 26@3Cc: Sole leather, light.
25@2Sc; Roujrn Leather, heavy, 27®2Sc; Roush
Leather, light. 23<g26e: Harness Leather, heavy.
33<R33c for Xo. 1 and 3(KS33c for No. 2: Har
ness Leather, medium. 30«?37e: Harness
Leather light. 29@33c; Sklrtine. 3651 Kc: Col
lar Leather, ljfilfc rer foot; K I p.* unfinished.
40«?3Cc per lb: Veal, finished. 50@^c: Calf, fin
ished. TJciQJl 20; Sides Hr.ished, ttQfto per
foot; Belt Knife Splits, 14®16c; Rough Splits.
S(f*10c per pound.
TrtXBARK- Ground, $26<g2S per ton; Stick,
$1S(62O per cord.
OILS— Lard Oil is hfsrher. California Castnr
Oil, in cases. Xo. 1. 73c: pure. $1 30: Linseed
Oil. in barrels, boiled. 71c: raw. 63c: cases.
5c more- Lard Oil. extra winter strained, bar
rels, SOc; cases. 83c: China Nut. 55©63c per
gallon; pure Neatsfoot Oil. barrel.". Kc; cases.
70c; Sperm, pure. 63c; Whale Oil. natural
white. 37^3®-S2'/ic per gallon; Fish Oil. barrels.
35c: cases. 40c
Nicaragua — 12>i'8']5Vic nominal for prime to
fancy washed; 92-llHc nominal for fair to
strictly good washed; T%A9Vo nominal for
srood to superior unweshed: 9Vi®We nominal
for good to" prime unwashed' peabarry.
prime semi-washed; 8?»@S*'c for superior un
washed; SH@SUc for r-^oa green unwashed:
10©10Hc for good to superior unwashed pea
berry; 6«*7%c for common to ordinary.
Salvador — 13%i@13iic for strictly prims
washed: S©12^c for good to prime • washed ;
SH#S%c for fair washed; UiSl^c for good to
prime washed peaberry; 8%@9c for good to
prime to fancy washed; lTAQUc for prime
washed; 11312c for good washed; ll%Q13c for
good to prime washed peaberry; 11®1W*C for
good to prime peaberry: 10H@Jl : ?ic for good U>
prime; 9@l0o for rood current raised wit'i
black beans; "9@10c for fair; 6@7"ic for common
to ordinary.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNES DA Y v APRIL 1O, 1901.
STOCK MARKET.
j EASTERN MARKETS.
Foreign Futures.
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining. 17-32c
Centrifugal. -96 test,- 4 1-lCcr 'molasses 'sugar
3 S-2Cc; refined, •firm and higher; No. TS 4.60c
rubles,
8
Nczv York Grain and Produce.
r" To-day offers greater inducements for the profitable invest 3l
raent of money than any other portion of the world. a
Never has capital been so "alive to this condition of affairs as it 0
Is now in San Francisco, the financial center and metropolis of tha f
I West, j •
a The* Incorporating v of tl.e West-Coast Investment Company ha» 1
g been the means of getting together and combining Interests and prco- a
/a erties never on sale • be for?, which will yield from 5 to 15 per cent. -8a
Sim We have to offer Bonds— Income Country and City 'property— vain- C3i
Bg able Oil. Mineral and other Iand3. Confidential correspondence soli-- iSi
p£ . ited, send for prospectus. ¦ ~- «X
f WBST=cdAST JNVfeSTMBNT CO., I
/ . IIB^PHELAN BUILDING^an Francisco, GaL CFingers Blown Off by Dynamite.
Freddie Davis, residing at 13 .York
street, lost three of his fingers Jfesterday
afternoon through the explosion of a stick
of dynamite with • which he and several
other boys were playing. , He was taken
to the City and County Hospital for treat
ment and then removed to his home.
.-¦.... . ¦ . % ; ¦ ..
SAN -RAFAEL', April 9.— William Ma
sury, a convict in San Quentin, was to
day served with a summons and com
plaint in divorce proceedings brought by
his wife, Mary Masury. who asks for. the
custody of their two minor children. Ma
sury was convicted of burglary in San
Francisco last January. The wife bases
her action upon this fact?
Convict Is Sued for Divorce.
TACOMA, April 9.— Local agitation over
the employment of married women as
teachers in public, schools has become
more fierce than ever in consequence of
the dismissal of a young woman who was
married last week during the Easter va
cation. Her pay was stopped at once,
though ishe J expected to teach until the
school year ended in June: The School
Board announces that this rule will be en
forced hereafter in all such cases. The
teachers in Tacoma include several mar
ried women who remain only because they
are efficient and had commenced work in
the Tacoma schools before the present
agitation was started.
Four members of the School Board de
clare their belief that domestic duties
will more or less interfere with the work
of a teacher and that those who are mar
ried should step ou,t in favor of young
women who need employment. Mrs. Ella
FifieldT M. D., the only woman member
of the board, stands up for her sex and
holds that, efficiency should be the only
test laid down for teachers.
to' Employ Them as
. j Teachers. -
MARRIED WOMEN ARE • s
BARRED FROM SCHOOLS
Tacoma's Board of. Education Refuses
OAKLAND, April 9.— One lone wo
man camped out over an incipient
'posthole In the sidewalk has de
fled the united forces of the Bay
Counties Light and Power Com
pany and the Oakland Gas Light and Heat
Company since 1 o'clock to-day. At last
accounts Miss Mary Kelly, the belligerent
on the'short end of the unequal contest,
was in triumphant possession. ' ,
The battle began as soon as* the sappers
of the allies' returned from lunch to the
task of advancing their line up Franklin
street from Fifth. - Just before knocking
off work for the noon hour they had be
gun with chisels and crowbars the job of
cutting out a section of. the cement walk
in front of Miss Kelly's property at the
corner of Sixth and Franklin streets. Miss
Kelly viewed the proceedings from her
front window with stern disapproval. She
has braved the storm of many a winter
undismayed and soon mapped out a plan
of action to prevent the installment of
one of the Bay Counties' towering poles
in front of her premises. When the hench
men of the illuminating: monopoly renewed
the attack they found Miss Kelly stoutly
intrenched over their intended excavation,
her feet firmly planted on her constitu
tional rights and the rungs 'of one of her
dining-room chairs.
"Go on now," warned the irate proprie
tress; "off .with you. It's never a pole
you'll plant here?'': '
The enemy called" a hurried council of
war on the southwest, corner of the streets
aforementioned. * An envoy was sent to
Miss Kelly bearing smoothly worded, over
tures of peace ahd good will. A compro-
; Deltrich Weiland, the assailant of Em
peror William at Bremen, who Is now in
an Insane asylum, has suffered several se
vere epileptic attacks. In one of these he
almost killed the counsel retained for his
defense. . -
BERLIN, April 9.— According to the
Frankfurter Zeiturig, Emperor William at
the unveiling of the monument to Empe
ror William I, March 1, made a speech
to his entourage, in whlch-the doctrine of
"bayonets versus an unruly people"- was
a strongly marked feature.
Hazzard already nas the signatures of
National Committetman Dunphy and
State Chairman Drum to his petition and
will now forward it to other States. He
Bays' Hill cannot do other than accept so
general an Invitation,. Hazzard has been
the chief Hill boomer in the Northwest
for the last ten years.
EMPEROR WTLI/IAM'S
STEADY. FLOW OF WORDS
TACOMA, April 3.— George Hazzard of
this city,, a Democrat of national reputa
tion, has devised a plan whereby the na
tional committeemen and chairmen of the
State committees of all the States west
of the Missouri River, together with those
of Indiana and Illinois, "are to sign a' joint
invitation asking Senator David B. Hill
of New York to make an extended cam
paign tour of the West during the Con
gressional campaign in : the ¦ fall of 1902.
This is understood to be part of a care
fully planned movement by which it is
sought to make Hill the standard bearer
of the Democratic party in 1904. An effort
will be made to have Senator Hill extend
his' trip to Alaska. After the invitation
has been presented and accepted the prep
aration of an itinerary for the trip will be
left to the Democratic Congressional Com
mittee. ...
York Man to Tour Western
States.
Democrats j Will Invite the New
STARTING THE BOOM
FOR DAVID B. HILL
Miss Kelly has an established reputa
tion as a redoubtable fighter. She owns
considerable property, which . she man
ages with firmness and thrift.
The line in dispute is that by which the
Bay Counties Company is to' deliver the
current contracted for by the Oakland Gas
Light and Heat Company. "They expected
to turn on. the. electricity by the 1st of
May, but that was before they took Miss
Kelly into their reckoning.
"I might have consented to your put
ting, up the pole If you had gone about it
right," she said: "now you can see my
nephew, Hiram Luttrell. He's a lawyer
and has charge of my business. And you
needn't expect," by way of parting advice,
"you can dig it after dark. I'll be right
here."
"I guess it would be assault 'n' bat
tery," suggested the' man tentatively to
the foreman, and desisted.
The proposition to undermine the lady's
position and let her fall into the hole
seemed to obviate this legal technicality,
but then you never know what the law
may do to you, so the gapg decided on a
siege as the safest and surest way out of
the difficulty.
"I'll have my meals brought to me,
t sald Miss Kelly discouragingly. /
By this time the street was blocked with
a gathering crowd. The little woman on
the chair was a ten-to-one favorite. De
risive bits of advice and ironical condol
ences were showered upon the pick-and
shovel brigade until they found the vi
cinity too uncomfortable for further oc
cupancy. They drifted up the street and
began to dig holes easier to complete.
Meanwhile delegations Oi the officials of
the company arrived to look over the sit
uation, but Miss Kelly would treat with
no one but'President Britton.
¦ ~ f m
mlse was proposed. Miss Kelly . was ob
durate. She scoffed.
"Don't talk to me," she .said, "barrin*
you send Mr. : Britton."
"Dig around the chair," proposed one
of the sang. A-workman raised a crow
bar to strike; one of Miss Kelly's feet
came off the chair and covered the spot
at which the blow was aimed.
OAKLAND WOMAN "WHOSE DE
FIANCE NONPLUSED POWER
COMPANY EMPLOYES.
1 INDIANAPOLIS, April 10.— Fire broke
out in the women's department of the
main building of the Central Hospital for
the Insane at 3 o'clock this morning: The
patients are being . dressed and it , is
thought all will be removed in safety.
FIHE SWEEPS WARD IN
HOSPITAL FOR INSANE
SAN RAFAEL, April 9.— Judge Rodden
of this city was-.called upon at a late
hour to-night to officiate at the marriage
of 'an eloping couple from Petaluma,
Henry N. Howe and Miss Marie Caufield,
despairing of getting parental sanction to
their .matrimonial plans, had planned a
runaway, and to-night their project was
put into execution. \ The young couple
drove from Petaluma to this city, arriv
ing at about 10 o'clock. County Clerk
Graham was induced to make out a license
, for them and, armed with this instrument,
they hunted up Judge Rodden and were
speedily made husband and wife. Howe is
25 years of age and. his bride 22.
riage at a Late Hour of
the Night.
San Rafael Judge Officiates at a Mar-
WEDS AN ELOPING.
: , PET ALUM A COUPLE
California School of Mechanical Arts (a cor
poration) (owner) with Thomas H. Day (can
tractor), architect George A. Merrill— All work
for addition to shop building- of owner on Po
trero Neuvo block 96. bounded by Fifteenth,
Sixteenth, Utah arid Nebraska; $4100.
James Scoble (owner) with Cotter & Jones
(contractors), architect T. Paterson Ross— All
work except mantels, tiling, finish hardware,
gas fixtures, art glass and heating for a two
story, basement and attic frame residence and
two-story frame stable, on N line of- Fell
street. 61:3 E of Steiner. E 45 by N 100; $7760.
O. Wahlheim (owner) with P. L. Roberts
(contractor), architect T. Paterson Ross — All
work fot a two-story .frame building- .(four
Hats) onT3 ltne'of- Hampshire street,; 50 N of
Twenty-fourth, N'50 by E 75; $4000.
Michael M. Harris to Esther Llchtenstein,
lot on S line of. Sonoma street. 75 E-,of Utah,
E 25 by S 100; also lot on AV line of Nebraska
street, 100 N of Yolo, N £0, by W 100; also lot
on NW line of Park lane Bouth. 194:6 NE of
Third street, NE 26, NAV 57:6, SW 21:6, S 35:1%,
SE 72:4%; $4000.
. Builders' Contracts.
- Nicholas Connift to Joanna and Domlnick R.
Conniff, lot on S line of Welsh street, 150 E
of Fourth. E 40 by S 80; gift. "../...
• Wells, Russell & Co. (corporation) to Edward
D. Beylard. lot on NW line of Mission street,
32b SW of First, SW 25 by NAV 90: $14,000.
Nellie L. Graham (wife of Thomas F.) to
Robert C. and Eliza M. Bolton and Prances
JJ. Meliss, lot on AV line of Jones street, 35
N of Greenwich, N 1:6 by AV 112:6 (to correct
1917 D. 37); $500.
Robert C. and Eliza M. Bolton and Frances
B. Meliss (Boltoii) to Nellie L. Graham (wife
of Thomas F.). lot on W line of Jones street,
62:6 N of Greenwich, N 1:6 by AV 112:6: $500.
AVilliam B.- Sharp to Alvlnza Hay ward lot
on S line' of North Point street, 38:2% E of
Montgomery avenue. E 22:11, S 73:5% , NW
35:10, N 45:10 4-5 (quitclaim deed); $5.
William C. and Sarah J. Hamerton to "Jo
seph W. and Rosanna G. Daly, lot on VV line
of Sanchez street, 51:6 N of Valley, N 25 by
W 105; $2000. ' ' };« ¦ •'.
City 'and County of San Francisco to Louis
Ulsemer, rerecord 1S3S D. 100, lot on W line of
.Albion avenue, 170 S of Sixteenth street. S
30 by AV 80; — .
Ernest and Margaretha Schmidt- to Gen^vleve
B. .Marsh (wife of F. D.), lot on S line of
Sixteenth street, 150 W of Castro, W 25 by S
100;-$lQ00. ¦ , • .- . . ¦
Peter J. and -Rose F. McGlynn to J. M.
Talbert. lot tm AV line of L.yon street, 75 S
of Pine. S 25 by AV, 87:6; J1500.
Joseph Frledlander and Louis and Rose Llp
man to Carl D. Salfield. lot on Eline of Stan
yan street. 25 S of Beulah, S 25 by E 106:3;
$2000.. . -.. •..¦-¦
Burnham & Marsh Co. (corporation) to Jac
x;ues P. Falvre, lot on NW corner of Turk and
TVlllard streets, N 100, by. W 25; $800. '
Rebecca Doolittle (wife of J. E.) to James
H. Jennings, ¦ lot on S line of Grove street,
137:6 E of Broderick, E 27:6 by,S 137:6; $2500.
James ¦ H. Jennings' to Rebecca Doolittle
(wife of J. E.). lot on E line of Broderick
street, 69:6 S of Grove, S 26 by E 110; $8500.
Estate of Charles. S. Johnson (by William B.
Pringle, administrator) to Calvin E*. Knicker
bocker, undivided % of lot on N line of Pacific
avenue. 102:6 W of Broderick, AV 35 by N
127:8Vi; $900.
Catherine Sullivan to Mary Craddock, lot on
W line of Devisadero street, 110:5% S of Geary,
S 27:0U by AV 90; gift. t ¦¦ :
Sarah C. and John P.- Roberts to Kate Dor
ris (wife of T. P.), lot on N line of Thirteenth
(Ridley), street, 169:3 W of Scott, W 25:1%, N
115:4^, E 25, S 117:4%; ?4500.
A. C. Bingham to Le Roy Hutchinson, lot
on N line of Greenwich street. 191:3 E of
Scott. E 30 by N 137:6; $1000.
Elizabeth and William Buchanan to Peter
Dean, lot • on SW corner of Fillmore and Sac
ramento streets, W. 106:3 by S 79:6, quitclaim
deed; $500. :
Estate of Amelia V. R.- Plxley (by J. F. D.
Curtis ¦ and Union Trust Company, executors)
to Samuel Strauss, lot on N line of Union
street, 10d W of Flilmore, W 70 by N 137:6;
$13,350. . . . •¦ ¦ -.
Mary Lindsay (wife of Charles M.) to'Mat
thew I. Sullivan, lot on NE corner of Filbert
and Steiner streets. E 31:9, NE 122, W 43:6,
S 120; $3000.
Catherine E. Andrew .to Wllhelmlna A.
Steele, lot on N line' of Union street. 132:6%,
W of Franklin, • W 27:5% by N 137:6; gift.
Wilhelmina A. Steele to Catherine E. An
drew, lot on N line of Union street, 220 W of
Franklin. W 30 by N 137:6; gift.
Caymus Investment Company (a corporation)
to Thomas R. Turner, lot on . NE corner of
Vallejo and Fillmore streets. E 40 by N 137:6;
$9000. - . ' '
BEAL ESTATE TBANSACTIONS.
Bay Counties Light and Power Co. Fails to
Reckon on Miss Mary Kelly's Opposition.
WOMAN BLOCKS PROGRESS
OF CORPORATION FORCES
• TRIPOLI, April 8.— Advices from Beng
hazi state . that the Sultan, finding him
self helpless against tne rebellion now in
progress, has invoked the assistance of
the French, which has been. promised him.
LONDON, April 10.— The Odessa ; corre
spondent of the. Standard says that re
ports have been received, there of serious
politico-religious disturbances in Tabriz,
North Persia. . • ¦ ¦ -%-j
Sultan of African Domain Appeals to
the French to Aid Him
' in Suppression of the
Rebels.
Subjects of Shah of Persia
and Sultan of Tripoli
Cause Trouble.
DISTURBANCES
IN MONARCHIES
SALT LAKE, April 9.— There Is no sen
sational news to-day from the end of the
Short Line track. Material Is being for
warded to the front and Vice President
Har.croft estimates that one mile of track
can 1-e laid even' day. The Short Line
r<fFcials do not appear to aprehend any
difficulty that will prevent the rapid prog
ress of the work.
It was reported this afternoon that At
torney Whittemore, who was on the
ground representing the San Pedro, Los
Ar.pelcs and Salt Lake road, had gone to
Plcche. but for what purpose could not
1><- U-arned. The stockholders of the Utah
find 1'a rifle road met here to-day and
elected directors, all being Short Line offi
* ials. The directors later elected officers,
W. H. Bancroft being chosen president.
The- i:<--w president at once issued a circu
lar rf-l:itinpr to the traffic on the newly ac
quired road.
•
Bicvcle Thief's Fate.
FRESNO. April 9.— J. II. Bond was to
day sent to San Quentin for one year for
having stolen a $75 bicycle. He pleaded
guilty.
ALL IS QUIET ALONG
SHOBT LINE'S NEW TBACK
PITTSBURG. ApYil 9.— Negotiations are
r.ow on foot for the consolidation of all
thp sewer pipe manufactories into one cor
poration with a capital of about $12,200,000.
The deal includes the American Sewer
Pipe Company, whose main offices are in
this city and which has a capitalization
of about $10,000,000: the Robinson Bros.*
Sower Pipe Company, and the Buckeye
Sewer Pipe Company of Akron, Ohio, hav
ing- a combined capital of about $100,000;
the United States Cay Manufacturing
Company of Pittsburg, whose capital is
about $300,000, and two factories at Roches
ter, N\ Y., which have a capital of $100,
(i00. The Robinson Company has two fac
tories, both at Akron. Ohio; the Buckeye
company has two factories, one at Akron
and the other at Canal Dover. Both of
the plants of the United States Clay Com
pany are located at Lisbon. Ohio. With
such a combination as being meditated all
the clay sewer pipe output in the United
States will be controlled by the new com
pany.
Combination Contemplates Control
ing Total Output of the
United States.
SEWEB PIPE FACTORIES
NOW WILL JOIN TRUST
TOULON. April 3.— The Duke of Genoa,
in command of the Italian fleet, repaid to
day Vice Admiral -li Beaumont's visit of
yesterday. Both tno French and Italian
Warships' saluted while the Duke was go
ing ashcre.
The Duke, after reviewing the guard of
honor of marines, proceeded to the pre
fecture through the troop-lined streets.
The meeting between Admiral de Beau
mont and the Duke of Genoa was most
cordial. The Duke was re-escorted to his
flagship, the Lepanto. with the Bame cere
monial. He everywhere met with the
heartiest reception from the crowds.
At the banquet this evening Jn honor of
th<^ Russian officers M. Loubet proposed
tlie health of the Czar, "who in sending
you hither to salute the President of the
French republic has proved once more the
constancy of his sentiment for a friendly
ullipd nation."
President Ix>ubet and M. Delcasse re
< eived Admiral Blriloff and four- other
KuFFian naval officers who had disem
lifirked at Villefranohe.
President Loubet subsequently repaired
to the Port of Nice, three-quarters of a
mile away, where he was welcomed by
the Chamber of Commerce and visited the
hospitals. He was everywhere warmly
greeted. At a banquet later and replying
to a toaet to his health, President Loubet
asserted that the principles of justice, sol
idarity and crood will were the founda
tion off the republic and inseparable to
Franco. He said the country needed unity
an/1 concord ar.d that the conflicts of in
t'.rests and the country's increasing wants
wr.uld end In compromising the future of
ihp nation unless steps were taken to
ameliorate social conditions. Solidarity
and civil peace could not be secured ei
r«pt by reciprocal sacrifices. Continuing,
I'lf-sid^nt i/oubet said that private inter
ests must be subordinated to the greater
interest? of the nation. The republic had
jilready Fhown in its legislation an appre
ciation of the necessities of the labor
"nrarizations. but legislation alone would
not sviflior 1 . The give and take proposi
tion must bocome part of the conscle.nce
<>f the nation. Thus could the country
v. old its unity and assure its moral gran
o>ur and prosperity. President Loubet's
s^pooch was loudly applauded. '
NICE. April 9.— President Loubet, ac
companied by the French Ministers and
othrr officials, placed a crown of flowers
upon Gambetta's tomb. He expressed the
hope that the French Parliament -would
soon vote to transfer the remains to the
Pantheon. It Is proposed that this be ac
complished by July 34 next, the French
rational holiday.
Expresses Hope That the Trench Par
liament May Vote to Remove
the Remains to the
Pantheon.
Places Crown of Flowers on
Resting Place of the
Patriot.
L0UBET VISITS
GAMBETTA'S TOMB
.TUESDAY. April 9 — 4 p. rn.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask
Alpha 04 —Justice ..02 0;
Alta 05 07|Kentuek. .01 «
Andes C<5 07 Lady Wash.... W «
Belcher .... 22 23 Mexican ...... 33 3i
Best & Belch- 20 21 Occidental .... 04 Ot
Bullion -. — 81 Ophir 70 . 7:
Caledonia ..... 76 73iOvennan » 23 2)
Challenge Con 14 lS^Potosl 09 t
Chollar 11 12;Savage 10 t
Confidence 74 "SScorplon' — ft
Con Cal & Va.2 15 2 20 Seg Belcher... 04 0>
Con Imperial- 01 Sierra Nevada. 32 3:
Con New York — 01 Silver Hill J9 M
Crown Point.. 14 15 St. Louis OS
Eureka M —Standard ......4 15 4 31
Exchequer .... 01 02. Syndicate 06 -•
Gould & Curry 23 24 Union Con 1* U
Hale '& Not... 27 • 30: Utah ....04 9
Julia ....:...-— 03! Yellow Jacket. 17 J:
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 20 -300 Gould & Curry. 25
1200 Belcher 21 6«0 Gould & Curry, a
¦800 Belcher 22 900 Mexican 3<
200 Best & Belcher. 21 600 Mexican 3}
ICO Caledonia 73 300 Ophir 71
200 Chollar 11 500 Ophir 73
2C0 C C & Va....2 12^4 200 Overman 2J
300 C C * Va....J 15 SCO Potosi II
50 C C & Va....2 22Vi 200 Sierra Nevada. X
Afternoon Session.
500 Belcher 22 30O Hale & Nor S
200 Caledonia 78 300 Julia 0J
1200 C C & Va....2 25 2C0 Mexican 31
200C C & Va... .2 22Vi 300 Ophir 75
200 C C & Va....2 20 200 Ophir 71
' 200 Gould & Curry. 22i ICO Overman ...:... 2J
200 Hale & Nor.... 24| 600 Union Con II
300 Hale & Nor.... 2SI2000 Yellow Jacket.. II
10O Andes ...." C8 500 Hale A Nor.... 2J
100 Belcher 23 100 Hale & Nor V
700 Con Cal & Va..2 21 20O Overman 24
.800 Crown Point... 15 ICO Overman 21
200 Gould & Curry. 23 200 Potosi If
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Exchange yesterday:
Afternoon Session.
300 Belcher 20 200 Mexican 34
400 Belcher ........ 21 200 Ophir 71
4C0 Chollar 12 200 Overman 2i
$00 Cbollar 11 100 ITtah 04
100 Con Cal & Va..2 15 200 Yellow Jacket.. II
200 Gould & Curry. 21
Morning Session.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock- and Exchange Board yesterday:
Mornlns Session.
Board —
200 Caribou 70
5 Confidence S» CO
Z300" Independence .'.- 19
1200 Lion " '
50 Peerless 8 37'j
S00 Reed Crode 51
240 Reed Crude ,.. 80
Afternoon Session.
. Board—
UOO California-Standard 42
500 Caribou 70
100 Four Oil Co 51
GOO Independence .*. ¦ IS
1000 Independence ti
200 McKittrick Con 13
200 Monarch of Arizona 51
3000 Petroleum Center IS
8000 Petroleum Center l>
10O Reed Crude 31
¦ . ¦ MINING STOCKS.
75 Paauhau S P Co Jl Oft
125 S F Gas & Electric Co U 00
o Sprlnjf Valley Water 90 23
155 Spring Valley Water 90 00
$2,000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage).. 103 00
Street—
$1,000 N P C R n 59 10S 62S
10 Oakland Gas MOO
U'.OCO S P of A Bonds (1910) 114 00
$5,000 Spring Valley 4s (3d mortgage).. 103 00
Afternoon Session.
Board — ¦ ,
50 California Safe Deposit lOfi 23
- $3,000 Hawaiian C & S Co 5s 103 25
40 Honokaa $0 12^4
125 Honokaa 3i) 00
320 Hutchinson S P Co 21 00
60 Makaweli ." 40 0O
$1,000 Oakland .Transit Co 8s U« 00
472 S F Gas & Electric Co 44 00
60 Spring Valley Water SO 00
$1,000 Spring Valley 6s 114 00
Street—
$1,000 Oceanic Steamship B<>nd3 104 50
$13,500 Oakland Transit Co 6s : 116 00
PRODUCERS* OIL EXCHANGE.
Morning Session.
Board—
400 Caribou 71
300 Four ¦. SO
100 Home ? 3 80
1'iO Independence 15
750 Independence 20
25 Kern 7 37*4
50 Kern River 1175
100 Lion • •• »
ICO Monarch of Arizona '54
200 Occidental or West Vlrgtnia 49
400 Occidental of West Virginia 50
100 Reed Crude -X ' 61
10O Shamrock 75
400 Twenty-eight 1 *)
Street—
500 Reed Crude 50
S60 Shamrock ~ 75
Afternoon Session.
Board—
600 Bear Flag 10
100 Caribou 70
1000 Four '50
300 Junction SS
125 Kern • 7 37 '4
40 Kern River 1150
200 McKittrick Consolidated '.. 1»
100 McKittrlck Consolidated M
' lfiO McKittrick Consolidated 17
300 Monarch of Arizona 51
500 Petroleum Center 18
K'OO Reed Crude SO
50 San Joaqutn Oil & Development 9 75
1C0 Twenty-eight ; 1 30
SAN FRANCISCO OIL EXCHANGE.
Continued from Page Eight.
FRESNO. April 9.— P. K. . Peters, the
pioneer founder of Peters' addition to
Fresno, which he laid out with his son.
procured a license to marry to-day. He
was born in Erzeroum. Armenia, in 1805.
came to America in 1877, and "to Fresno
is. 1883. He is the oldest applicant for a
marriage license recorded in the county's
annals. He is n well-to-do man. The brlda
is an Armenian woman— Sarah Sweet,
aged 65.
COMMERCIAL NEWS
Fresno Pioneer Who Has Seen Nearly
a Century of Life Will
Marry.
LICENSED TO WED AT
AGE OF NINETY-rOTTR
. The new armor is made in accordance
with a patent taken out by a Mr. Cos
grove, who arranged with the Cartton
Steel Company for the manufacture of ex
perimental plates. By this process the
mold in which the whole steel ingot from
which an armor plate is cast la filled with
plumbago core. Soft steel is then poured
in, filling other half of mold. When thl*
has cooled to a point where It will not run
the core is taken out and Its place Is filleJ
with very hard steel. The plate is then
finished by being rolled instead of forged.
The result is said to be a plate with a
very hard face, which resists the penetra
tion of a projectile, combined with a soft
back, which prevents the plate from being:
fractured. ! The idea of a hard face anil
soft back is old, but the difficulty incurred
heretofore has been to get a perfect joint
between the hard and soft metals. It 1.-4
claimed that this difficulty has been com
pletely overcome in the new plate.
An experimental plate manufactured by
an entirely new process has recently been
shipped from the works of the Carbon
Steel Company in Pittsburg to the naval
ordnance proving ground at Indian Head,
to be subjected to the regulation ballistic
test. Upon the result of this test will de
pend any further experiments which may
lesult from the adoption by the Govern
ment of this new armor instead of that
for which the Nevy Department la now
paying at the rate of $530 per ton.
CALL BUREAU, 1406 G STREET. X.
W., WASHINGTON, April 9.-The armo
plate for naval vessels may be sold to the
Government for only $150 per ton and the
manufacturers may make a fair profit at
that price.
Government Fixes Lower Rate Per
Ton on the Commodity, but Claims
Manufacturers May Still
Make Profit. [\
SteeL Plate Manufactured in
Novel Way Shipped to
Proving Ground.
WILL TEST NEW
PROCESS ARMOR
OAKLAND, April 9.— William H. BurchV
a pioneer foundryman of San . Francisco,
died to-day at the Hotel ¦ Hay wards, at
Haywards, after several months' illness.
Thedeceased pioneer had retired from ac
tive life several years ago. ; He was 69
years of age. The body. was taken to San
Francisco. . :• • • . ¦•-¦ '. • -, •¦-¦...
Pioneer Foundryman Dead.
The action for divorce recently insti
tuted by Mary G. Moraghan against
James B. Moraghan has been restored to
Judge Seawell's calendar and the case is
set for. hearing on Tuesday next. From
this it' appears that after all the > young
couple have decided that " 'tis better to
live alone." The order directing young
Moraghan to show cause why he has
failed to pay Mrs. Moraghan alimony will
come up Friday.
Moraghans Are Still Apart.
Captain F. E. Frazer of the Warren has
been transferred to the Sherman and Chief
Officer James Barneson of I the Warren
been promoted to the captaincy of that
vessel. Chief Officer W. H, Hawes of
the Sherman has been, made acting cap
tain of the freight transport Samoa and
Captain Thomas Peabody, late of the ship
Cyrus Wakefield, has been made chief of
ficer of the Samoa: i •• ' : -¦¦.'..¦,
Captain Grant of the Sherman resigned
and Captain Hudson could not remain In
command ¦ of the Samoa because he has
no American papers.
Changes , on the Transports.
Jacob Sloat Fassett of .Elmira, N. Y.,
the well-known capitalist and politician,
arrived here yesterday and is staying at
the Palace. He Is well known on the
coast,, having married Miss Jennie Crock
er, the daughter of the late Judge E. B.
Crocker of Sacramento. Fassett was a
Republican Senator from the State of New
York from 18S4 to 1892. He ran for Gov
ernor of the Empire State in 1891. but was
defeated. He has vast mining and cattle
Interests in the West and pays semi-an
nual visits .to California.
J. Sloat Fassett Arrives.
Now that the Recorder's office Is no
longer under the jurisdiction of the Civil
Service Commission Recorder Godchaux
proposes to increase his force of copyists
by four men, but he will not take them
from the eligible list. Qodchaux will ap
point the four from the old staff who
were displaced a -year ago to make room
for civil service eligibles. He has not yet
decided who they will , be. Godchaux
states positively, that he will not .dis
charge any of the copyists at present em
ployed, but that he will under -no consid
eration select any more copyists from the
civil service list of 'eligibles.
Will Appoint Four More 'Copyists.
Decrees of divorce were granted yester
day to Annie H. Wright from Charles F.
Wright for desertion, Ernestina Tiers
from Charles L. Tiers for extreme cruelty,
H. C. Barber from Margarette L. Barber
for infidelity, Mary Fletcher from George
T. Fletcher for desertion, Eliza Byer
from James Byer for cruelty, and Wilnam
C. Jones from Minnie Jones for desertion.
Suits for divorce -were filed yesterday by
Meta Weaver against Alfred F. Weaver
for failure to provide, and Catherine B.
Allen against Peri E. Allen. for desertion.
OAKLAND, April 9.— Katherine Schu
bert has begun suit for divorce from Louis
Schubert on the ground of cruelty.
Clara D. Reed has filed an action for di
vorce from Samuel B. Reed, alleging ex
treme cruelty.
In the Divorce Court
Preparations for the "Night In Munich,"
to be given at the "Tavern Zum Weissen
Roesslfein," in the annex of Mechanics*
Pavilion, Saturday evening, are nearly
completed. Everything augurs well for a
pleasant entertainment and a successful
one.
The affair will be under the auspices of
the board of managers of the Columbia
Park Boys' Club, for the benefit of which
it has been arranged and under these pat
ronesses: Mrs. John F.Merrill, Mrs. Louise
Greenewald, Mrs. Isaac N. Walter, Mrs.
William Dutton and Miss Jessica Peix-
There will be a vaudeville programme
presented by the ladies of the club, as
sisted by members of "several of the Ger
man singing societies of the city. A .fea
ture of the programme will be the sing
ing of German glees and choruses.
The members of the board in charge of
the entertainment are Mrs. I. N. Walter,
president; Miss Louise Sussman. corre
sponding secretary; Miss Elsa Frank, re
cordine secretary; Emil Greenbaum.
Ueasufer; Mrs Julie Kohn. Sidney Peix
otto, Fred Koster and Adolph Koshland.
The entertainment will not Partake of
the nature of a fair. There will bejio
begging to buy and every thing sola twu
be sold at restaurant rates.
ONE NIGHT IN MUNICH
AT THE PAVILION ANNEX
Preparations for the Entertainment
Next Saturday Night Nearly-
Completed.
FOR the ladies of the California
Club, who have been so busy ar
ranging the industrial art exhibi
tion at the Mechanics' Pavilion,
the "end now crowns the work,"
and the attractive display is ready for the
public verdict, and for the formal opening
this evening. This afternoon the "private
view" will be had, the club entertaining 1
its friends in the midst of the gathered
art treasures.
For the first time this year the club has
assigned a section to high art, and this
was put into the competent hands of Mrs.
George Law Smith and her committee.
The result is niost satisfactory. .Artists
whose names are sounded far beyond their
Cahfornian homes have painted especially
for this exhibit. Of the 181 paintings ex
hibited, not one is more than five years
old, and many are exhibited for the first
time. Several critics and connoisseurs
have assured Mrs. Smith and her ..asso
ciates that this is really the most, repre
sentative and the most excellent exhibi
tion of paintings given In San Francisco
for three years. Keith. Tavernier ana all
tho best names are found here, Keith's
large painting. "A Spring Morning," be
ing now on view for the first time. The
hanging is notably well done, and the pic
tures have so exceeded in number the
places arranged for them that an "over
flow" display will be found at the en
trance.
Several admirable collections of minia
tures are found in this section, among
them those of Miss Prather, Miss Nettie
King, Oscar Kunath and Mrs. Hazle
hurst. A miniature copy of the Gains
borough "Duchess of Devonshire," which
has just created such a stir by coming
to light after years of hiding, will attract
attention.
Among the exhibitors from. out of town
in this section are Miss Kleinsorge of Sac
ramento and Miss Edith White of Los
Angeles.
The Federation of Western Addition Im
provement Clubs met last evening at
Saratoga Hall. O. K. Cushing, president
of the Point Lobos Improvement Club,
presided, Captain E. A. Lorenzo acted as
secretary and H. M. Meyer as treasurer.
The committee on by-laws submitted its
report, which was adopted and the name
of the organization was permanently fixed
as "The Federation of Improvement Clubs
of Western San Francisco" and its scope
as "all the territory contained in the dis
trict north of Market street and the ex
tension and west of Powell street." Each
bona fide improvement club in this section
will select and credential five delegates to
comprise this central body.
A committee on credentials ¦ was ap
pointed, consisting of William H. Miller,
John Henderson and Will P. Johnson.
Upon motion of John J. Cassidy a voto
of thanks was extended to the Board of
Supervisors for removing that portion of
Larkln street between Sutter and Golden
Gate. avenue from the fire limits.
The following organizations were rep
resented at this meeting:
Point Lobos Improvement CJub. Western Ad
dition Improvement Club, Merchants' . Club of
Devlsadero and Fillmore streets, Hayes Val
ley Improvement Club, Polk Street Improve
ment Club and Larkin Street Improvement
Club.
This federation intends to take an active
part in the apportionment of the various
funds that will be provided by the budget
and will carefully scrutinize each and
every appropriation contained therein.
The next meeting will be held the second
Tuesday in May.
IMPROVEMENT CLUBS
FORM A FEDERATION
Western Addition Residents Organize
for Mutual Protection and
Advancement.
Following are the programmes for
to-morrow, Mrs. W. P. Buckingham in
charge;
AFTERNOON.
(a) Aria. "La Cieca," La Gloconda....'....
Punchinell I
fb) Canzonl del Solveig :...... » Grieg
Slgnora Lia PolHtini.
Miss Adams, Accompanist.
Etude, Chopin, Opus 10, No. 11.....:.
Miss Marie Wilson.
"Dost Know That Sweet Land?" from :
Mignon Thomas
Mrs. Susan Hert Mark.
Piano solo, "Pas des Fleurs," Ballet de
Sylvia ..Dellbes
Mrs. M. Frances Brennan.
(a) Grand duo for piano, "Die Fischerin
nen," von Procida Raff
fb) "Blumenlied" G. Lange
Mrs. C. C. Darling Jr. and Mrs. K. H.-Chal
mers. Flute accompaniment.
"A Polanaise de Concert" Tupter
Herr Arthur Weiss.
Miss" Marie Wilson, Accompanist.
Vocal duo, "Edenland" ....Dana
Mrs. Susan Hert Mark and Herbert Williams.
Miss Clements, Accompanist. .
EVENING.
Opening— Opus 34, No. 1 Valse Chopin
Miss Marie Giorgianl.
Grand aria from "Don Carlos" Verdi
Mme. Emella Tojetti. Slgnor Luchesjsi,
accompanist.
Piano solo— Opus 42 ...Chopin
(a) Ballade Opus 47 Chopin
Mrs. Oscar Mansfeld.
"A Song of Sunshine" A. Goring Thomas
Miss Florence Doane. Miss Julia Tharp,
accompanist. . ¦ _,
Violin solo— (a) "Reverie" Vieux Temps
(b) "Obertass" Wieniawskl
' • Harry Samuels,- with piano accompani
ment.
(a) "If That Society, Excuse Me" Cote
(b) "t Ain't a-G<51n' to Weep No More"..
. .". ....:. Von • Tilrer
Frederick O'Connell. Frederick Kramer,' :
r . i accompanist.
"The Great Beyond"....:... ..Carrlngton
Harry Wood Brown.-
Guitar solo— "Lucretla Borgia" .
t Donizetti-Ferrer
Miss T. Elsie Tooker.
(a) Suite Opus 82, "Demerssemann," for
fluto Maestoso Martiale
(b) "Chanson Napolitaine" Saltarello
R. Rodemann.
Vocal duo— "I Feel Thy Angel Spirit"
Graben Hoffmann
Herbert Williams and. Harry Wood
Brown. *
(a) "Four Leaf Clover",
(b) "My Rosary" : '.
Miss Que/m Eugenie Montgomery. Fred
erick Kramer, accompanist.
Solo ••
George McBride.
Cake walk .
Master Edouard Montgomery and Miss
Edna Montsomery.
Solo— "Once" .....i
Herbert Williams. Miss Josephine Scott
and Harry Samuels, accompanists.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAI^, WEDNESDAY- 1O, 1901?
California Club Is Assured That Industrial
Art Exhibit Will Be a Success. •
MANY FINE PAINTINGS
WILL BE ON DISPLAY
THREE PERFORMERS WHO
WILL AID THE CALIFORNIA.
CLUB TO ENTERTAIN.
9
"Please do not publish my name. I am
always ready to tcil, however, of the
merits of Postum." Name • given by the
Postum Cereal Co., Ltd/, at Battle Creek,
Mich.
"We finally decided to have him quit tea
and coffee and try Postum Food Coffee.
He dates -his recovery from the day he
commenced to drink Postum, and has not
bad to stop work from sickness since then.
: "Some years ago I tried a package of
I'ostum and did not like it. but I know
now that it was because 'I -"did not make it
right. It Is easy to make good Postum if
the simple directions are followed. The
only failure is when people do not boil It
long enough. ~y* «-,
The husband ahd father was taken sick
with a very severe attack of stomach
trouble and had to give up work, being
confined to the house for some weeks, suf-
fering greatly. For some time he had been
in the habit of drinking coffee for break-
fast and tea for dinnei* and supper. Tho
wife writes. "After leading some of your
advertisements we wondered if coffee and
tea had not been the cause of his sickness.
A lady up in Oakes, N. D.. says that
since their family have been drinking
Pos-tum the children are stronger and
better than ever before, and are so glad
to think they can have coffee to drink
"just like papa."
If children can be given a{ strong, nour-
iphing food drink such as Postum Food
Coffee it more than catisfles their desire
lo have things like the older folks, and
f.t the same time gives them a drink they
love and fatten on.
Perhaps you can remember the time
¦when a forkful of the meat or po-
tato or a sip from the cup that your
Father or Mother was using seemed to
possess some remarkable merit and flavor.
More than any of the old folks realize,
the little folks at the table like to have
fnod ard drink the same as Father and
Mother.
Like the Parents.
Children Glad to Have Their Coffee
"JUST LIKE PAPA."
POSTUM CEBEAL.
9 E : -§m @«i3»H **l4 \7£±f\ fvm\7 I 1TA Hf
m Ft mF jTB^Sli I wu In bad health this spring and could not sit up in bed for four weeks. When 1 ifj
B V was confined my child died. When I began to sit up I felt so weak and had such terrible Hg|
9 JW^S n^A pains In my back and hips. I had kidney trouble, heart trouble and falling of the womb. f||
Sma * (SSSSSSH lalso had hysterical spells. I was in a bad condition when I received your " Udies R3
gypBsl A jhHR Birthday Almanac" and read the advertisement of Wine of Cardui and Thedford s Black- KM
l£&Sk^ Si- J * r ~- DrauthL Since April 20th,' I have taken four bottles of Wine of Cardui and three packages \ ttB
W&S& irZ*^3B&**jk of Thedford's Black-Draught I feel like a new person now. I can do all my work and lg|
5^>M^'*'diS8r"Ii can walk out to see any of my neighbors. I believe I would have been in the grave had it IKS
Wrv^jllilliL I " Ot bwn f ° r Wine ° f IT SAVED MY LIFE. Mrs. ALICE DAVIS. g|
:'jp^^^^^kH It is well that women are more patient than men. Few men could bear K«
IILf •' J^mjftP^ Hil^^^MCT the bitter pangs," the agony and distress that women endure. Thousands of J|I
W** VV^!-^**teJ^li women have come to look upon suffering as a duty of their sex. But there are g|f
a Y^^^g^wWJi many instances of this heroic fortitude which r lj||
WamSl WINEo'CARBUI §
PT now renders unnecessary. Women need no longer suffer for modesty's sake. Wine of Cardui brings |||
f£f relief to modest women in the privacy of their homes. Many of the best homes in this city are never g£| .
Hf without this great medicine. It cures "whites" and /ailing of the womb and completely eradicates these ga \
Wk dragging periodical pains. Mrs-Davis* cure, shows you conclusively what you may expect if you Jgf
W follow her example and take Wine of Cardui. Thedford's Black-Draught aids Wine of Cardui by regu- m
Hf lating the stomach and bowels. When you ask your druggist for these medicines, be sure you get |||
t|| them. It was Wine of Cardui and Thedford's Black-Draught that saved Mrs. Davis' life. Never take * fcg
*H§ substitute. For adTice and literature, address, giving symptoms, "The Ladies' Advisory K|S
Kjf Department," The Chattanooga Medicine Company, Chattanooga, Tenn. §£*THE SAST FBANCISCO CALL,L WEDNESDAY, 10, 1901.
10
SAJT F"RAN CISCO CALL;
BUSINESS .OFFICE of The San Francisco
Ca... corner of Market and Third street*; open
until 12 o'clock every nlirht In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 p. m.
300 Hayes street; open until 9:30 p. m.
CS3 McAllister etreet; open until 9:S0 p. m.
CIS Larktn etreet: ojv until 9:S0 p. m.
19<l Mission Btreet; open until 10 p. m.
:iGl Market street, corner sixteenth: open
rr.tll S p. m.
3C6 Elex-enth street: cpen until 9 p. m.
3096 Valencia 6treet: open until » p. m.
Northwest corner Twenty-second and Ken-
tucky streets; open until 9 p. ro.
MEETING NOTICES. _^
MOUNT Moiiah Lodge No. 44. F. and m
A.- M-— Meeting THIS (WED.VESDAY) Ut\*
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- >v_J?
gree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. *V
CHOCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. ¦
M.— D. 3d THIS EVENING, April 10. ~#%_
at 7:30 o" clock. By order of the W. M. J^X
H. FORTRIEDE. Sec / V
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. »
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES-^a\^
PAY) EVENING. April 10, at 7:20 TfcJ?
o'clock. First decree. f
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— a
Called meeting THIS
EVENING at *:2'> o'clock. First de- Jk^
gree. R. E. ALLAN. Sec. / >
ADOPTION.
GOOD home open for healthy boy and gtrl
babies. MRS. DR. FUN'KE. 1416 8th. Alameda.
ACE.VTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted— "Agulnaldo and Hero Funs-
ton." by Murat Halstead, Philippine histor-
ian; Bwift. sure seller; write to-day for pros-
pectus and territory. Halstead Publishing
Co.. Cincinnati. Ohio.
WANTED— Agents in every town on the coast
to act for the London Card Company. 1079
Market st.: samples with your name on 10c.
AGENTS wanted: city and country. 3 Taylor st.
ASPIIALTUM ROOFIXG.
J. PELTIER, asphalt roofing:, sidewalks re-
paired: postal. 1186 Mission; tel. Folsom 1607.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
-- fee without success; collectlms. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. S50 Market., cor. Etocktn.
J. H. McKNIGHT, collections; damages; es-
tates ; mining; open even. 532 Parrott bldg.
ADVICE free; no charges unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market St.. opp. Mason.
L. E. CLARK, Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket st.; consultation free; no fees In advance. |
KOAHHIXi FOR CHILDREN.
NICE family wishes to take care of 1 or 2 chil-
dren; near school. 4iO Taylor st. » -¦¦'
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— $4000; SALOON on Market St.; place estab^
hshed many years and doing a large busi-
ness; net rent $135; sickness in family com-
pels owner to sacrifice; a mint. Call R. G.
WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— J2000; PARTNER wanted in old established
flov.er store with nursery, hothouse, etc.;
boiler, horses, wagons, plants and trees of
all description; established many years and
doing a money making business. Particulars
R. G. WILKE. 26% Kearny st.
A— $1000; FIRST-CLASS and elegantly fitted up
restaurant; choicest downtown location; do-
ing a good paying business; rent {50; a rare
business offer. Call R. G. WILKE, 26%
Kearny st. /
A— $1300; DELICACY and provision 6tore; 1
block from Market St.; daily receipts from
$35 to $40; a first-class, paying business. Call
R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny st.
A— J1SO0; SALOON in wholesale district; no
night or Sunday work; rent $50; daily* re-
ceipts $20; good business: owner engaged
otherwise. Call R. G. WILKE, 26% Kearny.
A— 1650; SALOON; corner; only one block S. of
Market st.; net rent $35; a first-class paying
business. Inquire R. G. WILKE, 26% Kear-
ny st.
$1700— RESTAURANT: choice location; elegant J
fixtures; daily receipts $C5 to $70; sells only
on account of disagreement of partners; look
at it; genuine bargain. LUND1N & CO., 906
Market st., and 9 Ellis st.
RESTAURANT; good location; cheap rent;
dally receipts $16 to $20; make offer to-day;
must be sold. LUNDIN & CO.. 906 Market st.
CIGAR store; Rood location; owner leaving
city; make offer; grocery and bar; good cor-
ner; owner has other business; will sacrifice
for $450. Bargains In hotels, delicatessens,
butcher shops, cigar stores, drug stores,
branch bakeries, confectioneries, livery, etc
G. W. SCHWEINHARD.
Rooms 1 and 2. 917 Market st.. opp. Mason.
100 CIGAR stands. 200 croceries and bars.
300 candy and icecream stores. 500 restaurants.
urtO stores of all kinds; partners wanted.
Parties with $100 up can be suited. If you
want to buy a business call and see us.
WALTER HAYES &. CO., S3S Market st.
FOR private 6ale: some of the best saloons In
the city. WALTER HAYES & CO.. 838 Mkt.
SPECIAL NOTICE— We have several excep-
tienally desirable candy, notion, bakery and
lunch, grocery and bar and delicatessen
. Ftoros; also %staurants, barber shops and
saloons. FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.
A — $350; RESTAURANT; no better location In
the city; this is positively worth over $1000.
but it must go immediately. Business Board
of Trade, 226 Pine st.; phone Davis 326.
PARTNER wanted la light manufacturing
business; duties will be attend store and as-
sist generally; clears {.75 month to each; capt-
tal required $300. DONNELLY. 632 Market
A— $200 partner wanted: lijrht business; must
be satisfied with $18 to $20 a week. West-
ern Investment Co., 25 G«ary et.
$L00— BARBER shop; bargain; going East cause
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777% Market.
$1600— CORNER wine and liquor store; eplen- I '
did chance: to be sold at once, havinar other
business: large basement; everything new;
6-year lease: rent $40. Box 2959, Call office.
A GENTLEMAN representing for several years
a large California house would like to make
other connections In canned and dried fruits,
beans, etc. ; best references furnished if neces-
sary. Address room 311, Board of Trade build-
ing. New Orleans. ;
OfTSIDE route on tills paper for sale. Apply
Call Business office.
EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY for mechanic •
with some little capital to obtain paying posi- I
Won in a new furniture manufacturing com-
pany. Address O. F.. box 2827, Call office.
CHOICE corner saloon; good location; paying
business. Apply NE. corner Seventh and '
Folsom sts.
RESTAURANT; good location; cheap rent; ¦
daily receipts" $16 to $20; make offer to-day; <
must be sold. €19 Sacramento 6t
A RARE CHANCE— A well established coffee <
saloon and restaurant for sale. Sll Montgom-
ery st. * !
MAN with $300 to Join advertiser to work pla-
cer claim at Cape Nome. Box 2433. Call.' i
WILL rent, long lease, newly furnished res- ,
taurant; cheap rent. Address box 2938. Call.
SALOON for sale opposite the ferry. Apply •
111 East st.. north of Market. i
FOR SALE— A first-class restaurant: average •
sales $45 per day. Box 2968. Call office. , ¦
PHOTO supplies, developing: and printing; a
good paying business for $200. 2304 Flllmore. "
OLD established corner saloon; 2 tunny living
rooms: no reasonable offer refused. 554 4th.
LODGIAC-HOISES FOR SALE.
.SELECT A HOUSE FROM Xl£.. . ........ . . . I
THE BARGAINS IN THE CITY
A— 100 houses not listed with other agents.
16 rooms; comer: fine for transient $1000
in roonis; on Eddy St., near Market 500
34 rooms on Third et.. near Market 550 j
14 rooms on Mission st 550 •
40 rooms; rent $U>: clears $150 1000 ¦
24 norns; north of Market; clears $200... 2000
17 rooms; just finished: very fine IS00
24 rooms on Geary st. ; clears $135 1900
44 rooms: positively the best: clears $300.. COW i
«-room house: clears $S00 C000 J
SO-room boarding-house; clears $000 5000
S-room flat; sur.ny side 700
C-room flat: very good 3J5
£00 other houses. 3 to 700 rooms. ',
ABSTRACTS FREE. PHONE MINT 796.
siuO.000 to loan at 1% per cent. ¦ ;
II. C. DECKER. 1020 Market Et.. opp. Slh. ]
W-ROOM boarding-house; clears over $400 every .
month. DECKER. 1020 Market st. ]
S-ROOM house; sure to clear J100; price $450. _
DF.CKER, 1020 Market Et. j
ATTENTION. SELLER— I can 6ell your bouse .
or real estate for you. DECKER, 10*0 Market.. ]
MORTGAGED HOUSES THAT MUST SELL. ,.
21 rooms; new; near Market st.; .....J1350 ¦<
21 rooms;. central; part cash 1000
"2 rooms; corner; good house 2700 -
%< rooms; offer wanted; see>tt 1000 5
. 47 rooms: rent only $60 1100
WINSTON & WOLF. 1026 Market st. . I
tvODGING-HOUSES. boarding-houses and ho- \
tels to suit every buyer: this office Is licensed; j
I am established 6lnce 1892; I loan money to
buyers; general eatlsf action guaranteed. Call .
G W SCHWEINHARD. phone Mint • 1D1L J
Kooms i, :. No. 917 Martet St.. opp. Mason.
. LODGING-HOUSES \ FOR SALE.
A. CAMERON & CO.,
" 8S0 Market et. and 8 Stockton «t.
a Rooms 21. 22 and 23. Phone Bush 328.
! If you have hotel, rooming-house or business
, to sell list with us. We have cash customers
Cor all sizes and prices. - ¦ }
Buyers, see our Hst of bargains:
34 rooms, Van Ness; rent $1SO; boarding
house; good furniture and carpets $3300
31 room; Market; rent $150; good transient;
always full; good Investment $1400
j 35 rooms; Howard; rent $80; good transient
house; pays well $900
JO rooms; Turk; rent $80; new.. ...... ...."..$1300
12 rooms; rent $63; sard wood furniture; good
carpets; clears $100; private boardlng-house.$1100
15 rooms: rent $70: elegant furniture, with
piano; always full; table board $1100
• Inventories and legal papers typewritten; rea-
sonable rates.
• SELECT TOUR HOUSE FROM THK
LARGEST LIST IN TOWN.
6 rooms; fine location; oleeant furniture.$23v»
11 rooms; always full; good income; only.iSOO
18 rooms; sunny corner; cheap rent $100}
27 rooms; apartment house 1 well furn....$t>50
46 rooms; downtown; a wise Investment. J2K0
> 89 rooms; modern house; clears $450 mo..$9a00
t 150 rooms; first-class hotel; bus. people.. $25. 000
Hundreds to choose from $100 to $100,000
Also boarding-houses ani? country hotels.
See our special bargain l.Bt before buying.
¦ WALTER HAYES & CO.. 833 Market st.
' SEE OUR LIST OF 200 HOUSES BEFORE
buying. We have them all sizes and prices;
60 rooms, close in, elevator, etc $4500
12 rooms, new, clean; clears $50.. 900
14 rooms, sunny corner, good condition.... 1000
, SO rooms, all conveniences, select, central. 8000
11 rooms, only $200 cash, balance pay-
ments 600
Vacant houses furnished
We furnish the money— you pay -as you can.
DONALD INVESTMENT CO.. 850 Market St.
: 18 ROOMS; Fifth st.; rent $65; price $1000.
12 rooms; Mason st. ; rent $45; price $750.
35 rooms on Howard; rent $80; price $1000.
19 rooms on Grant ave.; rent $75; price $1500.
EUREKA REAL ESTATE, 28 Sixth St.
FISHER & CO.. 935 Market st.: tel. Jessie 15»9.
48 rooms; north of Market; only $1600
16 rooms; Hyde: very finely furnished... 600
20 rooms; rent $50; location desirable.... 900
- If a bargain we have them at any price.
24 SUNNY rooms; sent only $70... ....i\~01
17 rooms; all light: transient .1550
45 rooms; Post; half can stand 25OT
35 rooms: Howard: well rented.: 1000
EITEL & CARROLL, moved to 1032 Market.
_. . . _____ __.
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.— By Call bids.
1 have houses of all sizes and prices for sale
end exchange. I will lend you part of the
money and get you a good title. - .
$750—12 NEWLY furnished rooms; all' full
steady roomers ; central. - D. McR AE, 837
Mission st. ________
$6."9— A BARGAIN: 15 rooms. 590 block on El-
lis st. D. McRAE, 837 Mission st.
$7500— A SNAP— 30-room nearly new hotel, with
2 Etores: large lot; main street. Alameda;
will exchange. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO..
667 Market St. • .
14 ROOMS, central: transient; neatly burnished; ]
rent $40: bargain. Donnolty Co.. *>32 Market.
SPIRITUALISM. :
ARRIVED— The celebrated gypsy Prince Les-
ter, whose free tests, calling your name, the
name of the one you love and the name of the
one you will marry; the only medium in the
world so sure of his occult power that he will
give every person who comes prepared a wonr
derful free test. Call or write, with stamps
for answers, 1382 Market St., opp. Seventh.
AFTER a severe Illness. Mrs. Dr. Farnham, th$
world-renowned spiritual medium; advice in
all affairs of life; lawsuits, divorces, deaths;
unites the separated; mining a specialty; cir-
cles Sun., Wed., Frl. eve. ; letters answered.
Resid. (no signs), 513 Eddy, bet. Hyde-Larkln.
A— MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, business
medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant; sit-
tings ?_ 1164 O'Farrell, nr. Gough, Ellis car.
MME. GYEISN, trance medium: advice in all
affairs of life; sittings from 1 to 5 and 7 to 9,
et 33 Sixth st., rooms 16 and 17.
MRS MAXWELL, meeting Tues. Wed., 1238
Howard; Thurs. 117 Larkln, lower hall;
Wrenn. . Swan. • ~"
MRS. LOUISE S. DREW, Psychic, Electric
and Magnetic Healer, Room 14, 305 Larkin st.
EARLE. 622 Geary St., telephone Polk 1297—
Readings daily: seances Tues. and Thurs.
FRIENDSHIP Hall. 335 McAllister— Mrs. C. J.
Meyer: sittings daily: tests to all to-night: 10c:
CLAIRVOYANTS.
J MME. M. BERNARD,
THE FAMOUS
Clairvoyant and business medium, permanent-
ly located 17 Third St., next Examiner bldg.
She reads your life correctly, gives an accur-
ate description of the past, reveals the present
happenings and portrays events to occur in the
future. If you are in trouble.dlscontented, un-
happy or not satisfied In life, or have domes-
tic, love or business troubles, consult this
great medium and you will be told how to
overcome them. Valuable advice in all affairs
of life; 25c up; perfect satisfaction guaranteed.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the well-known trance
medium, is permanently located at 1206 Mar-
ket St., corner Golden Gate ave., rooms 23
and 26; take elevator. Perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mail; send stamp for pam-
phlet with special terms. Daily and Sunday.
MME. ARNDT. the great clairvoyant, tells
past and future; .never falls: has the greatest
Egyptian secret; shows picture of future hus-
band or wife; fees 25c up; satisfaction to
everybody: tips on races. 215% Sixth st.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant & card
reader, born with double veil— second sight;
diagnoses' disease with life reading; ladies 50c.
gents $1; palm, and clalr. sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
VIRGINIA, clairvoyant, palmist; advice on all
affairs of life; business, love, mining, law-
suits. 26% Kearny, r. 6. 6; hrs. 10 to 12. 1 to 7.
1S1IAR, the Egyptian gypsy, clairvoyant and
palmist, permanently located 114S Market, op.
6th; private readings daily, 10 a. m. to 5 p.m.
MME. LAROSE. best clairvoyant, card reader,
test medium; 25c up. 472 Stevenson .St., cor. 6th.
MME. ZEREDA, the gypsy, is the great palm-
ist and card reader; 25c up. 7 Seventh Bt.
YOUNG Zemdar, clairvoyant business medium;
names given; L. 50c, G. $L 1203 Mkt.. cor. gth.
MME. RENNER, life, planet reader, palmistry;
ladies only; 25c and 50c. 725 Ellis st.
MRS. MELVILL. well-known clairvoyant, water
reader. 11 6th ;German spoken ;tel. Howard 1846.
MME. SCHAFFER, clairvoyant, card reader;
sittings daily. 448'^ Jeasie St.. bet. 6th ai\d 6th.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. 1149 Mission.
MME. RAVENNA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
CARPET BEATIXG AXD CLEVNIXG.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
eend to SPAULDINCi'fi Pioneer Carpet-Beat-
ing Works, 353-357 Tehama St.; tel. South 40.
SANITARY cleaning and dyeing company.
342-344 McAllister St.; phone South 146.
CITY Steam Carpet-Boating Works. G. H.
STEVENS, mgr., 33-40 Sth St.; tel.. South 250.
J. E. MITCHELL, Carpet-Beating and Reno-
vating Co., 240 Fourteenth st.; tel. Mission 74.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Or., 402 Sutter St. ;
tel. Maine 394. GEO. WALCOM, Proprietor.
CARPETS cleaned at I he lowest rates. STR AT-
TON. 3 Eighth St.- Telephone Jesse 944.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: telephone East 126.
CHIROPODISTS. •
CORNS, bunions,- ingrown nails, warts, chil-
blalns; painless cure. Dr. Duncan. 415 Sutter.
COLLECTION OFFICES. •
GEORGE W. KELLY'S Agency— No~chargTunZ
less successful. Room 310, 927 Market st.
r ~ DE XTISTSj^
AT the ELECTRO-DENTAL CLINIC, 809 Mar-
ket et.. cor. 4th. rra. 7, Flood bldg., you can
have your extractions done painlessly; teeth
without plates our. specialty; gold crowns.
•3 CO up; plates, extractions free, $4 60 up; of-
fice hours. 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays. 9 to 2
p. m. J. W. THATCHER. M. D.. Manager.
EIGHT prizes for. best crowns, plates, bridges
and fillings; extractions or fillings by my
wonderful secret, painless method;' 20 years'
experience; no students: advice free: prices
cheapest and guaranteed; lady attendants.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. 20 O'Farrell st. >
A— NEW unbreakable plate, the Rose Pearl,
warranted for 20 years: crowns, $3 50; fillings.
B0c; plates. $5; full set; all -work painless and
•warranted. Chicagj Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market, nr. Eleventh
—No charge for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $S per set; extracting. 50c: gas given.
METER. S Turk— Painless extraction: vitalized
fi.ir:crowns;bri<3spwoik. Open Sundays to 12 m.
PARIS Dental Parlor. 235 Kearny, Cor. Bush—
Full set of teeth. $4; crowns. $3; fillings. 25c
DR. R.L. WALSH, 815% Geary, nr. Larkln— Pain-
less extraction 50c: pistes $3 up:pnone Polk 1133.
DR. H. G. TRUEMAN. dentist, third floor. E_-
atniner building; formerly in Murphy bldg.
LOWEST jirlces in S. F. Painless extraction.
60c N. Y. Dentists. S69 Mission St.. cor. 6th.
VAN VROOM— "Painless" ; evenings and Sun-
days. 10C1 Market st.. corner Sixth. ¦'.-•>
SET cf teeth without plates. DR.».H. O.
YOUNG. 1241 Polk st. -, ¦ -
DKE5SMAKERS AND SEAMSTRESSES
McDOWELL Dressmaking _ Millinery School—
Class rates; patterns cut. 1019 Market st. -
ACCORDEON pieatins; country orders prompt
attention, 121 Post, over O'Connor & Moffatt.
. EDUCATIONAL.
GALJ^AGHER^MARSH College, Farro^bid^—
Shorthand, typing and bookkeeping; Robert F.
Gallagher, . expert court reporter, teacher I of
is shorthand; reportorial phrasing: taught; prac-
¦s tical . bookkeeping, full course, J50; catalogue.
, HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 Post St.,
g S. F,— Bookkeeping, shorthand, typing, lan-
)0 guag-es. telegraphy, English branches, civil,
electrical and mining engineering, etc.; day
io & night sessions: new SO-pase catalogue free.
[* AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.— Day
"Z & eve. ; bookkeeping, shortland, typing, teleg-
> raphy, etc.; life scholarship, $50; individual
JJ - instruction; positions secured catalogue free.
h A — THE LYCEUM, an accredited preparatory
• school for the university, law and medical
colleges; references, President Jordan or any
Stanford professor. Phelan building.
3 PRIVATE teacher, with several years' suc-
cessful experience, desires a few pupils | in
v Ens. branches; special attention young chil-
° dren; best refs. 19 Glen Park, bet. 12th & 13th.
0 CALIFORNIA BUSINESS COLLEGE has posi-
0 tions guaranteed to it by written 'contract and
0 can therefore with confidence guarantee posi-
0 tions to all its graduates. 305 Larkln st.
ENGINEERING— Civil, elec.,mining,mech.,sur-
vey, Assay, cyanide; day, eve.; est. 1864. Van
der Nalllen School, 113 Fulton, nr. City Hall.
! .A FULL course of Ellis bookkeeping and the
; Gregg shorthand costc only *60. San Fran-
0 Cisco Business College, 1236 Market st.
j A SPECIALTY— Perfecting beginners; business
q college graduates; bookkeeping; figures; short
time. TARR, exp. acct., 220 Parrott bldg.
J MERRILL-MILLER College, shorthand and
typing, ¦ removed to new quarters, rms. 40-45,
Parrott bldg.; Individ instruction; catalogue.
" PROP. MERKI, from Paris, violin, mandolin,
- guitar: experienced. 1008 Mission st.
CROW'S Dancing Academy; private or class;
waltz a specialty. 615 Post st. . -
• ARITHMETIC, bookkeeping, grammar, writing,
• etc. ; day or eve. ; $3 mo. 1024 Mission," nr. 6th.
) ILLUSTRATION— PARTINGTON'S DAY and
) ILLUSTRATION— night class. 424 Pine St.
\ EMPLOYMENT OFFICES.
y NEW office; Italian, American and French em-
v ployment office— Wanted — Cooks, waiters and
all kinds of workingmen. A. BALDASS1 &
CO., 206 Montgomery ave.. • -
' JAPANESE Emnloyment Office and House-
; cleaning Co., best help: send men at short
; notice. 1125 Sutter. nr. Polk; tel. Larkin 239L
JAPANESE and . Chinese help of all kinds:
1 cooks, waiters and house servants. 1 GEO.
\ AOKI & CO., 421 Post st. ; tel. Bush 135.
JAPANESE, central housecleaning & employ-
; ment; all kinds help. 1046 Sutter; tel. East 203.
RELIABLE Japanese-Chinese employment of-
1 - ftee; all kinds help. 315 Stockton; Main 5188.
ORPHEUM Employment Office— Japanese, Chi-
nese help. 426 Powell.nr. Sutter: tel. Black 5072.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office —
Best help. 41U& O'Farreil St.: tel. East 426.
EMPLOYMENT WANTED FEMALE.
. MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes light house-
work or taking care of an old lady. ¦ Apply
2 Hampton court, off Harrison st., between
Second and Third. ¦
A RELIABLE woman not afraid of work
wishes a few days' work washing, ironing and
house-cleaning; can Dt} .found at 1 Sumner St.,
first door, second floor. MRS. H. ; no postals.
WOMAN wants housework by the day, house-
cleaning, light washing; no heavy work. 424
Linden ave. ; :
A GOOD cook wishes a situation to do general
housework or cooking; wages from {25 to $30.
Call at 1142 Howard st.
A STRONG American woman wants situation
as housekeeper; no objection to children; good
seamstress. Box 2975, Call office.
COMPETENT young woman wants work by
the day washing or housecleaning. Address
K.- P., Call office. _.
YOUNG lady wishes a position to assist in of-
fice work and stenography. Box 2967, Call.
WOMAN will go house-cleaning and washing
by the day; $1 25. MRS. H., 26ft Ritch st.
YOUNG woman wishes work by the 1 day.
Write or call 106 Eleventh St., box 19.
YOUNG couple, quiet; wife wants work for
husband's board or his room and wages in
private family. Call or address MRS. KI-
ZER. 1703 Howard st. .
HOUSEWORK wanted by middle-aged woman
with good reference. Call at 912 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by 2. Scandinavian girls;
one cook and second girl:" no objection to
country. . Box 2936, Call office.
WOMAN would like plain . sewing to do at
home. 864 Folsom st.,.,'. , J
MIDDLE-AGED American woman, refined and
trustworthy, wishes situation as working
housekeeper; good cook. MRS. M. LISTOM,
Station M, Richmond district.
REFINEP - young Swiss lady wants a position
for upstairs work in American family; city
preferred: city references 3 years. Call or I
address 4060A Seventeenth st.. off Castro. .
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket— 200 rooms; 25c to $150 per night; Jl 50 to
J6 week;, convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry. • *
E3IPLOYMEXT WANTED — MALE.
WANTED— Position by gentleman of 42; has
held positions of trust; used to- handling
men; would travel for firm or . any position
where faithful service is wanted; give me
1 a trial and a show to work up, I will not
disappoint you. Box 2906, Call office,
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work in private,
family; used to horses, garden, cooking; use-
ful in general; wages moderate; references.
Address box 2216, Call office.
MAN, 41. smart and active, desires light em- .
ployment; moderate salary. L. H., box 2971
Call office. • ,
YOUNG man desires position with civil en-
gineer as rodman or chainman. Address 593
O'Farreil st." ¦ ...».-
YOUNG man with references desires position
with a mining compariy. Address Engineer, ¦
593 O'Farreil st. ¦
HOTEL clerk, speaking five languages, wants ¦
situation.' Apply T. R., box 2969. Call office.
INDUSTRIOUS German gardener, willing and
obliging, wants position in private family,
summer resort, institution; can care for lawn,
flowers, vegetables, horses, cows; all round :
man; very handy and useful; good refer-
ences. Box 2935. Call. . -•
YOUNG man wishes . a position as assistant •
bookkeeper and typewriter. Address P. -A,,
164B Russ st. : :.-¦'.
YOUXG man wishes a position as bartender; ¦
can speak French and English; is a must- '¦
cian. 818 Pacific st.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced chil- '
dren's first and second taster in shoe factory.
S. SENTO, 1300 Turk St.. corner Webster. ;
BOOKKrffcPER and cashier (age 30), with
present firm last 12 years, wants to change :
where brains and hard ¦ work count. Box ¦
2782. Call office. =
GARDENER wishes situation; can take care of '
horses, cows, poultry, run gasoline engine: i
Addrfts box 2861, Call:.. , . ;
COUNTRY drummer, would like engagement
after 10th inst. ; satisfactory reference fur- :
nlshed. Box 2964, Call office.
W ANTED— By married man, no children, :
steady position as blacksmith; good- all
around smith; city or country. 3876 Silver .
1 St., near Thirty-eighth. Oakland.
SITUATION by a first-class gardener: Swiss; .
single; best references given; private place. (
Gardener, 504 Broadway. •
SHAPER hand, band sawyer and shop ;
draughtsman wants steady work, city or
' country. Address L. ESSICH, 701 Castro st.. .
Oakland. <
BY trustworthy, reliable, active man, large •
business experience; Income is insufficient;; 1
live on . small salary; pleasant, occupation;
No. 1 references. Please address box 290, Call.
BY an industrious, trustworthy, active man,
outdoor occupation preferred; good home more "
an object than salary; No. ¦ 1 references. *
Please address box 2S9,, Call office.
A GRADUATE in pharmacy wants employ-' 3
ment in city or country: single man. Ad-
dress Druggist, box "2921. Call. -. • ". :
CARPENTER wants steady work; would in-
vest small capital. Box 2S63. Call office.
MARRIED gardener with first-class references ]
desires situation. ¦ Add. - V. . P. . ¦ box 2S5S. Call.
YOUNG ¦ honest Japanese boy wants situation -
as schoolboy in the city. Address T. SUGU- (
KAWA, 113 Church st , .
FINANCIAL. ~~ *
FOR INVESTORS?!! " ~~- ' i
I OFFER FOR SALE '
Unimproved and income city property; gilt- ;
edge bonds and stocks of electric, gas, rail- *
road afid Industrial corporations; : money, to
loan: Investments made; bank references; cor- n
respcader.ee solicited. ¦. -..--.. -
¦ . •; : ¦ T. OTWAY SADLEIR,
Room 40, 310 Pine st.' ;^ -i
• -v ¦ San Francisco.
$6000 LOAN wanted on ¦ Improved ranch prop- 1
erty within 65 miles of S. F. ; will pay 8 per a
cent net. Box 2S43, Call- office. ' . • -
¦ — J
FLATS TO LET. .
MODERN 7 rooms flat; $25. 15 Belvedere sf, I
between Cole and Clayton, -Ashbury Heights. ¦;
NICE sunny flat; ' corner; 7 • rooms and bath. C
402 Ninth st .. . . ¦ . ..- ¦
OCTAVIA. 615— Corner , sunny " upper flat, 7 A
i rooms . and bath; $35. " ' ¦ .. : * . -j. ; , f
FLATS TO LET Continued.
- TWO sunny flats near City Hall; 6-room flat,
*. 12 Grove at.; 4-rocm flat, 62 Ivy ave. :;.,¦>, - :
.. $6 60— FLAT of 3 rooms. £ 246 Harriet St.. bet.
s. Sixth and Seventh, Harrison and Bryant.
;• FURNITURE FOR SALE. '
'i FURNITURE and carpets of "40 rooms; must be
y sold; building to be torn •' down. Apply 309
I; . Powell st. between 1 and -4 p. m. only. -
v * ROOMS furnished In vak. $JS BO. with No. ¦ 7
" range. King Furniture Co., 1127-1131 Market.
. ASSORTMENTS of furniture, carpets and
- stoves; give us a trial. 1114 Mission et.
.1 FURNITURE 1 of 6-room flat, for sale; central
y location; cheap rent. Apply 202 Fifth st.
* C_. FURNITURE WANTED. ,
. TO receive highest value for furniture, carpets,
etc.. see W.E.Cody. 7j7 Mission; tel. Red 3353.,
3 AUCTIONEER John Elder, 22 Kearny, buys &
i sells your bu3.,merchandlse,fur..carpets.. etc.
IF you want to sell furn.. mdsj., etc.. see J.'A.
. Munro &, Co.. 240 Stockton St.; tel. James 1341.
' A. WOLLPERT, 773 Mission St., pays highest
1 price for second-hand furniture; tel. Red 1354.
- Auctioneer— L. Vincent. 1305 Larkln; tel. Polk 694;
s furniture & furn'd houses bought; spot cash.
CHAS. LEVY buys ycur furniture, \ carpets,
' 'pianos, etc. 1135 Market st.; tel. Jessie 761.
HELP WANTED. — FEMALE.
1 ATC.R. HANSEN & CO. 'S.... Phone Grant 185
HOTEL DEPARTMENT. \
; Waitresses ..Waitresses Waitresses
Hotels ..Restaurants Sprints
Free fare .....$25 to $35 Fare paid
; 2 dinner waitresses 50c and 33c
Chambermaid, country, fare paid.. $25
Chambermaid, city »*0
. Chambermaid, sleep home $5 week
Laundress, country hotel, fare here ..$20
[ • FAMILY DEPARTMENT. .
"Woman with a child, country, see party here,
, $20; nursegirl,, care of two children,- $15; 2
girls for same bouse, best of wages, one as
• nun?e and the other as housegirl; cook, $35;
cocks, housegirls, second girls, city and coun-
j try. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 deary st. -
• WANTED— Neat Protestant girl, general house-
work, for family of 3, for country, $20, no
; objection- to a person with one child, $15;
' Kirl for housework for Marin Co. on farm, $25;
Protestant cook, no wash, Menlo Park, $35;
cook, plain work, San Rafael, $30; 2 nurses,
$25; cook, short distance, no wash, $40; cook,
small hotel, $30; 6 cooks, German style, $30;
6 first-class second girls, $20 and $25. Apply
1 to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 .Sutter St.
MRS. M. E. DAY & CO Phone Main 1575
HOTEL DEPARTMENT ....
" Head waitress, first-class summer resort, $30;
. 7 waitresses, commercial hotel. $20 and $25;
2 waitresses, city, $23," room out; 2 waitresses,
- $20; chambermaid to wait, $20; cook, small
•resort, $35, see part? here.
FAMILY ' DEPARTMENT
, Housegirl, "small American family, $20;
housegirl, 2 In family, Alameda, $25, see lady
here; many other choice places. MRS. M. E.
DAY & CO.. 325 Geary St.
¦ AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 59 Third St.; phone
Red 31. . • : - .
Girl for downstairs work and cooking-; keeps
3 helps $25 per month
We have exactly 16 places, all new orders,
for girls $25 per month
Second girl, some waiting, a snap $20
Capable woman for country, fare paid, see
party here $20
Woman with a child 12 to 15 years will fill
the above ?20 place. •' «
2 experienced pants finishers, $9 per week.
A— WANTED— «
Woman as companion for g!rls In Institution,
short distance In. country; $20, board, lodging
and laundry first month and Increase to $25
second month.' W. D. EWER & CO., 610 Clay.
AT MRS. LAMBERT'S, 418 Powell St.— Help 1
of all nationalities to fill various positions.
WANTED — A few experienced operators and ! a
limited number for instruction. Standard '
Shirt Factory, Gou«h and Grove, sts. \ '
WANTED — Girl for downstairs work and Ger-
- man cooking; small, family. V 2J27 Clay, near
Pierce, red house. . • . *
YOUNG German girl to assist in light upstairs '
work, etc.; wages $15; references. 14 Colum- '
bia square.
WANTED— Wholesome, intelligent 'lady, not :
under 25, of good character and standing, for
high-grade position^ Box 2973, Call office.
WOMAN to dry dishes and wash napkins, a few
hours over noon. \ Depot Restaurant, 210
Townsend St., between Third and Fourth. (
WANTED— An experienced girl who under-
stands chocolate and cream dipping; call be- ;
tween 12 and 2. B. J. BAUM, 405 Jones st. ! J
WANTED— Housekeeper; middle-aged- woman
preferred; call from 9 a. m. to 2 p._m. Ap-
ply office U. S. Hotel, 123 Eddy st.
WANTED — First-class fitter, on ladies' cloaks.
1022 Market st._ 1
GIRL to do general housework; wages $25; ref-
erence. 1320 Leavenworth St., near Clay. ¦ ' -
A GOOD woman for general housework; family
of 3. 845 California si.
APPRENTICE at dressmaking wanted. 1415
Hyde St., near Washington.
MORE young girls to learn cigar-making; $3 .
per week while learning. 621 Montgomery.
AMATEUR singers wanted. Apply at Chutes
at 6 p. m. this evening.
i GERMAN or Scandinavian girl for cooking and
. light housework; wages $25. 1214 Eddy st.
COAT finishers, button-hole and try-on makers.
Metropolitan Tailoring Co., 947 Market st.
"WANTED— Girls to work on coats and skirts. -
1022 Market St. •
PANTS finishers wanted at the Metropolitan
Tailoring Co., 947 Market et.
FINISHERS and button-hole makers on cus-
tom coats. 115 Russ St. • •¦ . • .
EXPERIENCED cloak saleslady. Philadelphia I
Cloak and Suit Co.. 212 Sixth st.
APPRENTICE to learn halrdressing. 240 t
Stockton st. " . •'.'.-
WANTED— A girl to assist "In housework
and plain cooking, $10. 2808 Twenty-fourth st: .
YOUNG woman for light housework; small j
place; wages $10. 710 Lombard st. - -
APPRENTICE girl wanted on coats. 935 Mar-
ket St.. room 14. '..'•••
FIRST-CLASS skirt maker and finisher on
ladies' tailor garments. 22 Grant ave.
-j
EXPERIENCED , hands on children's dresses.
• 220 Sutter fit., room 25. , • - ' - ' -
WANTED— Girl to take care of baby. 1629 r.
Golden Gate ave. -
J ¦ §
MIDDLE aged woman, plain housework and
cooking; German preferred. 1175A Market st. -
W ANTED— Young girl; general housework; 3
adults. 16C9 Jackson. 12 to 1. 5 to 7; wages $15. -
GOOD skirt hands and waist Improvers j at
once. 319 Powell st. . .- •_ • / ¦; ~~ -
PANTS finishers at once; good ' salary. H.
. HELP, 106 Battery st. ¦ - . -
G7RLS wanted. Candy factory. Second and
¦ Folsom sts. . —
WANTED-rGood experienced apprentice girl
to work on fine coats. 334 Kearny. room 9.
YOUNG lady wanted; aentist's office; small _
salary; light work. Call at 2431 Washington. . \
WANTED— A girl for light housework.. 3631
Seventeenth st.,- near Dolores. ¦
WANTED— A good operator on pants; steady ""
position. .36 Geary St., room 33. B
GIRLS for hand work on corsets at 231 Pow- q
ell st. ¦¦-..¦¦ . i_
3 LADY lecturers; liberal terms. Call 4 o'clock j
. at 730 Sutter at. •
GIRLi for general housework; reference. 579 "a
O" Farrell st. " • .
WANTED— Good finishers on fine custom coats, l
209 Hickory ave. -
GIRL to assist in housework at 117 Bartlett _
street. ; - '¦ ' Y
GOOD girl for general housework; 3 In family. _
" £29 Shrader st. ¦ S
FIRST-CLASS trimmer on hats. Economy Mil-
linery. 632 Vallejo st. • -. -- , _
FIRST-CLASS alteration* hands; steady work.'
E. MESSAGER'S Cloak and Suit House, 145
Post st. "' ¦ ' ¦ _
EXPERIENCED button-hole operators ; steady S.
work; good pay. LOWENBERG & CO.; ; 27 ,
' Jessie st. ¦•.*'. ¦. , .. • ¦ .— —
OPERATOR on pants; steady work. "83 Third G
street. -. . . " ' _
FIRST-CLASS apprentice" on custom coats; J .
-good pay. .Tailoring Palace. 222 Kearny st; —
WANTED— Girl » on custom-made . coats. . 520
Kearny St., room 1." '.-. : . . . • , -
_ — ; . ,-y
FINISHER on custom coats; good pay; steady
work.; 146 Fourth st.': . ¦ . : ¦ —
TA1LORESS wanted to work on custom work.
200 Golden Gate ave. ¦ :
WANTED— First-class - finisher on ¦ pants, 75c "V
pair and steady, work. . 211H Tehama st.
WANTED — Good finisher on custom coats. ' 927 E
Market gt. .. - .-.- -•¦ .-¦ ¦ ;- . ; ¦ B
APPRENTICES on coats, vests and pants; paid _
while learning. BELASCO-HARRIS CO., 541 e
Market Ft. : '.-. " ; . . " _:t
FIXISHERS on pants; : steady work., BEL AS- u
CO-HARRIS CO..,541 Market at. , <
OPERATORS on pants and vests; steady work. G
, BELASCO-HARRIS CO.. 541 Market st. .¦¦'.-
WANTED — Experienced shirt ¦ or ., waist ¦ operm- "W
) tors. EAGLE SON & CO., 535 Market at.
HELP WAXTED-HALE.
•*•¦ MUR^AF^^EADYT^Trr^PhonTMaln 5818
__ -.Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
> ....... '. 534-63G Clay St.........
S . Office opens at 7 a. m - '
-. :.. MECHANICAL HELP ...........
Draughtsman,, mechanical . work .....:. ....'. .
$3 50 to* $4 day
~ 3 carpenters, saw mill to., fare paid.. $52 & M
¦>e ,2 rough carpenters, city. $2 50 day: mill-
"* Wright; 4 blacksmiths, ranches, shops and
camps, $75, *6O, $50 and $40 and found; horse-
, j shoer, country shop, $2 50 to $2 75, steady job;
t 5 carriage and wagon painters; wagon maker's'
J. helpers, $40 and found; carpenter's helper;
id sheetlron worker, city. '-¦¦¦¦
MINES, SAWMILLS. WOODS. FARMS.
- DAIRIES AND ORCHARDS.
" 5 laborers, gold mine .: $60
4 laborers, San Mateo County. ...$26 and found
5 5 laborers, city work $1 75 day
6 laborers to dig ditches, fare 50c $30 & fd-
_ 4 swampers for woods, San Mateo Co. .$50 & fd
B- 10 laborers for sawmill co -.'.•.. $26. & fd
3. 33 farm hands, $30, ¦ $2£ $20 and found; 17
— ' i orchard hands, $26; dairyman, private place,
6 $30 and found; 15 milkers and butter makers,
c $35 and $30 and found ; 4 farmers and wives.
~" S45 . and $40 and found ; cook and | helper ' for
j- . mining company. $90 and found; wulter for
- officers' mess, : $30 and found; 18 cooks, -hotels
, t and restaurants; 32 waiters, dishwashers and
4 kitchen help of all description. Call down
_1 and read our bulletin boards, which contain
»; full list of positions. '
i. - MURRAY &' READY." 634 and 636 Clay St.- -~
i. AT C. R. HANSEN &CO.'S.... Phone Grant 185
':...• RAILROAD WORK .......'.:....
2 Drillers and headersmen, big tunnel $2-30
Teamsters for Nevada free fare
" 10 milkers, different-ranches...:. $30 to $40
w 2 milkers, Oregon $30 and fare pals
Blacksmith, $2 SO a day; 3 farmers, $28; 2
¦ choremen, $23 '.
= ...)....... HOTEL, DEPARTMENT
a Steward; country hotel, $50; fry cook, restau-
rant, $65 f baker, hotel, North, $40. fare ad-
'° vanced; 10 cooks, $10 and $12 a week: cook,
:„ coffee house, $50: cake baker, $50; baker, -in-
" stltution, $35; dishwasher, springs, $25; - 6
* dishwashers, $25 to $30. '
'" All-round laundryman. institution, country,
; $50 and found; washer and run engine, Ari-
i zona, $15 a 'week; polisher, country, $15 a
1 week. - • ' . - ; , -
* C. R. HANSEN & CO 104 Geary st.
- CLERK, office work, this office, $40 to start,
who can give bonds. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary st. . " . . ¦
A— WANTED :„..'...:
Men t» know that W. D. EWER & CO. guar-
antee fares both ways and return of ¦ office
fees, where they send you and work Is not to
be had. Following is a few of our orders:
Wagon maker for ranch. $40 and found; 2
laborers on dredger, $60 and board; dairyman
for private ranch. $35: 2 milkers, country, $30;
Danish farmer, $25 to $30; farmer and milk.
Steady, $25; 2 bakers' helpers, $25 and $20 and
found; fry cook, $60: 2 hotel cooks, - country.
$40 and $45; cheese maker,' $35; 2 woodchoppers,
$2 a cord, and 100 others; call and read our
bulletin board. W. P. EWER & CO.. 610 Clay.
HOUSE painter. $3 50 a day; 5 millwrights, $4
a day;~ 2 carpenters for mill; ranch black-
smith, $40 and found: Jobbing blacksmith, $2
day and found ; slack work coopers, $35 and
found; 15 railroad tie makers, 9 to 11 cents,
tools and provisions advanced,, and others. J.
F. CROSETT & CO...62S Sacramento St.
DELICATESSEN man, $40 and board; restau-
rant cook, S10 week and found; cook, small
'¦¦ boarding-house, $30; hotel waiters, $25; restau-
rant waiter, country, $30 and found; pot-
washers, dishwashers and others. J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st. ¦ .
AT CAL. EMP. AGENCY, 31 Third st.; phone
Red 31. " '
First-class grocery and , crockery salesman;
musl be Eastern man;
Errand boy $4 per week
Horseshoer and floor man $3 per day
Experienced carriage painter $3 per day
Experienced porter, restaurant.. $25 and board
Cook for boarding-house, 15 people, $25, board
and room; cooks, waiters, dishwashers; gang
of mill and woodsmen, woodchoppers, etc.;
'milkers and farm hands.
FIRST-CLASS head waiter for commercial
dining-room, $50. MRS. M. E. DAY & CO.,
335 Geary st. . ¦
A FIRST-CLASS brick carver; cabinet mak-
ers: wood carvers, non-union; no office fees.
MECHANICS REG. BUREAU, 410 Kearny St.
A— HOTEL GAZETTE, 26 Montgomery, rm. 12.
6 colored waiters, North, $30, steady place.
JOURNEYMEN Barbers' International Union-
Free employment; only recognized union. 115
Turk 1 ; tel. Folsom 1583. I. LESS. Secretary.
WANTED for U. S. . Army— Able-bodied un-
married men between ages of 21 and 35; citi-
zens of United ; States, of good character and
temperate habits; who can speak, read and
write English. Recruits specially desired for
servk-e in Philippines. For information apply
to Recruiting Officer, 121 New Montgomery.
St.. San Francisco, Cal.
EXPERIENCED foreman, who is a thorough
. printer and pressman, for Jobbers and cylin-
¦ ders, with executive ability, to take charge
of a small printing office; steady Job, good
wages; references required. Box 2970, Call.
WANTED— Two coatmakers for San Jose: call
between 10 and 12 a. m.. San Jose Woolen
Mills Co., 523 Market st., San Francisco. ,
WANTED — Two good boys 12 to 14 years of age;
Call between 9 and 12. 114 Ellis st., room 5.
WANTED— A first-cla?s stock clerk for cloth-
ing department; state wages expected. Box
2972, Call. .
WAITER, $25; dining-room 'porter, $15; up-
• holsterer and matressm^ker, $25 and found.
Ahlborn House, 321 Grant ave. . '¦ ¦¦
FIRST-CLASS presser on pants. • BELASCO
& HARRIS, 541 Market st.
SHOEMAKER on repairing; steady pob. 2152
Shattuck ave., Berkeley station. -
WANTED-^Experienced typewriter salesman.
CUTTER, VrOWER CO., 302 Montgomery st. j
COATMAKER wanted, to work fn store; steady
work. 3056 Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED— Good reliable office boy. $4 per
week. 640 Clay st. . .
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailor wanted. 22 Grant
ave.
A COOK In a lunch place. Apply 629 Davis st.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairs. Apply 791
Mission st. •
ABOUT two more agents wanted at 347 Third.
GOOD experienced dishwasher. Call at 1507
Market sft. , ,.- *
WANTED— Cook for small boarding-house. 32
Steuart St., City. .
YOUNG man to do janitor work for his tuition.
S. F. Barber School, 741A Howard st.
UNION barber wanted; steady. 1759 Union st.
SMART, strong boy over 16 for printing office.
79 Third st.
WANTED— Good all around blacksmith; steady
Job. Apply at S030 Seventeenth st.
WANTED— Two lunch waiters. 79 Stevenson
street. . •
WANTED— A pressman * on pants. 36 Geary
St., room 33.
WANTED— A good tailor for busheling at 623
Commercial st. . . '
PARTY handy with tools can secure partner-
ship In established light repair work; growing
field; small sum necessary. Address Inde-
pendent, box 2960, Call.
. WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 25c per night: $1" to $2 per week.
BOYS wanted. Apply at Rope WoTka. Potrero.
GOOD barber: steady job. Apply 725 Fourth
St., San 'Rafael: tel. Red 15.
MATHEMATICAL instrument maker wanted.
Box 2954. Call. ' . -
AT cash prices for $1 per week, men's suits to
order. NEUHAUS & CO., 115 Kearny st.
LASTERS on men's heavy work; hand and
machine. Apply at E. E. GEORGE'S, 35
Stevenson st " ' "¦•.--. ¦
WANTED — 100 men to take rooms. 10c, 15c and
20c. -Boston House, 930 Howard st. ¦_
STEADY man; light indoor work; will pay $75
per month to start; steady place; must have
$225. READ & CO.. 1CO7»£ Market St.
BARBERS, call Stoltz's Barber Supply House.
723 Market, and see latest and most practical
revolving chair; "The Auto-back."
WANTED— Men for salt works: $150 to $2 50
"" dally: -free farer Address CARTER'S Salt
* Works. Los Angeles. Cal.
GOOD ooatmaker wanted by the week at 3C5A
Mason st. : :• ¦ . ,
I GOOD ladles' tailor: no others need apply. .J.
1 •¦ McCLENKGAX. 532 Fourteenth St.. Oakland.
ALL sizes men's shoes, slightly damaged.'half
. price. 562 Mission St., bet. 1st and 2d sts.
YOUNG ; man to ' solicit for merchant tailor;
experience not necessary. . 1215 Market st.
YOUNG man io help on first-class pants; must
. have experience- good wages; steady work.
1000 Harrison St.. corner Sixth.
WANTED— Baker,' assistant on bread. Imme-
diately. Address J. S. MULFORD, Eureka.
¦ Cal. -. ' •¦ • ,-.
BOYS wanted. Apply at Glass Works, Fifteenth
and Folsom sts. . ¦ ¦ .. . : "
BOYS for fishing voyage,' $10 month, at HER-
MAN'S. 26 Steuart st , ' . . '
UNDERPRESSERS on coats, vests and pants.
BELASCO-H ARRIS: CO.. ; 541 Market St. -~:- ~ -- '
GET vour shoes '. half-soled . while waiting ; !5c
to 50c. "552 Mission St.. bet 1st and M sts. ;
WANTED— SCO mad to buy new and 2nd-hand
-rarmy shoes, $1 up; sollns 20c up. 923 Howard.
HEL1» WAy^p—MAlE^Cg^.
5li MEN— Our catalogue explains how we teach
the trade In two months, saving two years,
mailed free. We have no 6c shop In connec-
tion with our college: chairs and furniture
are all. made to our own order, with a view
to cleanliness and convenience.
• _ MOLER'S BARBER COLLEGE, 625 Clay st.
jj Beware of any cheap Imitations.
11- McDONALD i PERRY have 500 pairs second-
nd hand shoes for sale. 50c up. 241 Third si
ti SAILORS, blacksmiths, seamen & green hands;
fit all parts of world. HERMAN'S. 56 Steuart at.
: r: "WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st. near Mar-
„ ket— 700 rooms. 23c night: reading-rooms; fre«
— • "bus and baggage to and from ferry.
>60 CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
ad received at Call branch office. 2200 Fillmore St.
fd A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
td .subscriptions has been established at 1(W
fd | Valencia st. ,
" HORSES AND WAGONS. , ~
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies.
O r carts, harness. Grand Arcade Hors« Market.
or 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every "Wednesday.
Us SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
ld RUBBER-TIRED Dhaeton and \rap. in good
"> order, cheap. O'BRIEN'S. Golden Gate ave.
ln ~ and Polk st. ¦ •¦
» S. F. VETERINARY College will commence Its
- 3d session June 10. Catalogue by applying to
85 M. L. Pancoast. sec. 510 Golden Gate ave.
JO FOR sale— Stylish driving horae that lady can
re drive. Metropolitan Stables. 1315 Stockton.
.- A — 100 SETS second-hand harness; wagons.
7r carts, burgles, surreys." horses. 1140 Folsom.
2 DOCTOR'S rubber- tired phaeton and horse
•• cheap. Excelsior Stables. 925 Sutter 8t.
jl 5 SECOND-HAND sprinkling wagons in good
j_ order for' sale. 377 Shotwell st. ¦¦
ALL kinds of wagons, buggies, carts, harness,
n : etc.. cheap. EGAN & SON. 2117 Mission st.
8 i
GOOD business horses, wagon horses., heavy,
y, light, fast pacers and trotters. 721 Howard.
ft AN A No. 1 express wagon, single, also lisht
camping wacon. for sale cheap. 532 Mission.
CLASSIFIED advertisements and subscriptions
!£ received at Call branch office. 2200 FlUmore st.
'•• A BRANCH office for Call advertisements and
_ rubscrlDtlons ' has been established at 1C0S
Valencia st. .
:e HOUSES TO LET.
,° A^^RIN^E^^IST^H^uses^toTeTrwid" for clr^
2 cular. O. H. UMBSEN it CO.. 14 Montgomery.
' n CORNER of Seventh and Howard sts; 7 sun-
ny rooms and bath; hot and cold water.
id FIVE rooms in complete order, 114. Apply at
y. 936 Harrison St., near Sixth.
ir GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1310— Sunny house; 11
P. rooms; rent $45.
S4 HOUSE of 8 rooms and bath; large basement
j. and yard. 2251 Mission st.
*? MCALLISTER. 81S— Fine sunny house; 8 rooms
and basement: large yard: rent $35.
HOUSES TO LET — FURNISHED.
': A NICELY furnished bright sunny home, 10
11 rooms and 2 baths; magnificent view and lo-
l " cation. 2103 California st.
3- DESIRABLE sunny corner flat. 3 rooms and
bath; Oakland: $18. Apply at 14 Grant ave..
- room •?.
ie i^—^— — — — —^— — — —
i; HOUSES TO LET— SAN RAFAEL.
it TO let— Large house occupied at present as
y boarding-house; large flower garden and
y kitchen: plenty of fruit; will sell furniture;
d easy payments; cheap rent for family. Ad-
¦d rir^sa A. R. I. O-. San Rafael. Cal.
S ¦
: INSTANTANEOUS WATER HEATER.
rt THE Ribbon Water Heater will flow boiling
water in 30 seconds: will give a hot bath
every ten minutes at cost of 2>4 cents: call
and see in operation; send for Illustrated
:- pamphlet. Ribbon Water Heating Company,
i. Hearst (Examiner) building, room 607.
t.' ¦
r LOST AND FOUND."
! - COCKER ssanlel, white nose and breast: llb-
Z eral reward. , Return to Beach Tavern. Ocean
5 boulevard.
LOST— "White Mexican poodle; yellow spots
back and tail; tag 39; name Gip. Reward
1919 Howard st.
3 BLACK cocker spaniel Monday near Ferry.
3 Return to 2723 Pacific ave. ; reward $10.
r LOST— Irish setter: tag No. 712; liberal re-
r. ward. 502 Second st.
- 'Wanted — Old. gold for manufacturing. O. Nolte.
i» Jeweler. HH O'Farrell. bet. Powell and Mason.
| • MATRIMONIAL.
GENTLEMEN wishing to marry wealthy ladles
" send 10c for list. MRS. HERTZ. 706 Kills st.
i MATTRESSES AND UPHOLSTERY.
. MATTRESSES and upholstery; tel. South 792;
to order or renovated, feather and hair
; cleared: expert carpet cleaning: strictly reli-
able. HOPKE BROS.. 318-320 Eleventh st.
I MISCELLANEOUS FOR SALE.
BOILERS, engine*. Zd-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, new and second hand; we always
) have a large stock of saloon outfits on hand;
82 complete outfits on one floor, ready made;
- " we can ship everything in 24 hours. J.
- NOONAN, 1017, 1019, , 1021. 1023 Mission St..
above Sixth; write for catalogue.
• A— BUYS, sells or rentj gear machinery, en-
gines, boilers, water pipes, shafting, pulleys,
' etc. WH1TELAW, 216 Spear St.-
AN active, experienced warehouse man can
1 rent warehouse property very cheap or on
shares, at once. 27 Market St.
: A STEAM merry-go-round for sale, cheap; ac-
L count of death. MRS. M. H. L., Box 366,
Watsonville, Cal. -
BASEBALL calendar, containing pictures of
Bill Lange and George Van Haltren; 30c post-
[ paid. . S. R. CHURCH. 307 Sansome St.. S. F.
TYPEWRITERS at airy price to close them
out; different makes: call early for bargains.
TYPEWRITER EXCHANGE. 409 California.
', DOMESTIC and White sewing machines, good
order, complete, cheap. 1915 Mission, nr. 15th.
1 FEMALE canaries for mating, 50c; male, $2.
14% Page st.
FINE deg-house. a 2-year-old Angora goat;
' • chickens for sale cheap. 2010 Leavenworth.
TWO revolving barber chairs for sale cheap.
1723B Scott Bt., rear., bet. Sutter and Bush. >
' A LOT of government tents; 30 bath tuba;
cheap 553 Mission st.
; FOR SALE— 5 large • tents. 12x16 feet; $12 50
apiece. O. WEINHOLD. Lombard and Lyon.
200 LIGHT marine set, directly connected; good
shape; cheap. H. S- t WHITE. 516 Mission st.
" ENGINES and boiler3: second-hand machinery.
J. BURKE. 139 Beale st. . _^
Gasoline or distillate engines, new & 2d-hand;
j all sizes: guaranteed. NEWELL, 56 Bluxome.
TYPEWRITERS. 2d-hand. all makes, at low
figures. L. & M. ALEXANDER. 110 Montg"y.
FIRST-CLASS second-hand modern engines and
boilers bought and sold. KROGH MFG. CO.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern goods
bought, sold, exchanged. 109 Montgomery st.
SAFES— New and secor.d hand. THE HER.
MAN SAFE CO., 417-423 Sacramento st.
MAGIC lantarns. new and 2d-hand moving pic-
tures. BULLARD & BKECK, 131 Post st.
SAFES— New and second hand; all sizes. THE
WALTZ SAFE, 109-111 Market St.. San Fran.
CHEAPEST and beet- in America— The Weekly
¦ Call. 18 pages, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for JL
MISCELLANEOUS WANTS.
TILTON'S misfit parlors wants masquerade la-
dles', gents' clothing." 154 9th; tel. Folsom 2322.
~' ~ ' MEDICAL. ~~~
A— RENOWNED specialist; those who desire to
obtain results promptly; I treat ladies only;
my regulator has no equal; all classes of fe-
male comulalnts - relieved by treatment su-
perior to all others; the only treatment that y
helps the unfortunate; the-*wst obstinate
cases are immediately relieved without pain-
no other treatment will do this; the most dif-
ficult cases treated; scientific methods guar-
anteed. DR. G. W. O'DONNELL. 101S Mrkt.
DR. AND MRS. DA VIES. 12S Market ladies'
specialists; 32 years' practice; all cases treat-
ed by our wonderful herb remedy; a reliable
treatment; superior to any other; positive cure
guaranteed at office; patients treated can re- !
turn same day; those wishing to treat them-
selves should send for the Hindoo Herb Home
Treatment: harmless; consultation free.
DR. and MRS. GOO»WIN. 1035 Market St.. nr.
«th— Expert specialists: well known and reli-
able; 25 yrs. experience: treatment guaranteed
to give instant relief from all female trouDles;
avoid incompetent specialists; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETH. reliable specialist; 25 yrs7
successful practice; guaranteed treatment at
. office; any ailment: home before and during .
confinement. 942 Post. bet. Hyde and Larkin.
ALL cases, of. female complaints cured with .
capsules i price |L Dr. V. Popper. X2 Kearny.
MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market St.. bet. Mason .
and Taylor— Reliable ladles' specialist.
MRS. D. ALLEN— Removed to 1U8 Market St.. .
bet. Taylor andMasog; ladies' specialist.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The, Weekly .
Call. IS pages, sent . to . any . address In the
". United States or Canada one year for $L
___ MOSEY TO LOAN.
:n A— M^NEY to loan at rates which peopl© can
¦: afford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do
c " not borrow of your friends or you will lose
ra . their friendship; do business with strangers
w and you will be better satisfied; no delay: no
publicity. Rooms 9 and 10. 906 Market St.
IF YOUR PROPERTY
— 13 MORTGAGED
¦- and vou need more money, see H. MURPHY.
_ S30 Market st. Loans on estates In probate.
. undivided interests in estates, second mort-
t ; gages, etc. . »-:.,»;;-¦¦.'
ANY proposition, any amount: 8 par cent; first,
~ iecond mortgages, estates In probate. Interest
in estates, legacies: corporation loans, chattel
— mortgages and securities. Room 18. 1st floor,
is Chronicle building. HALLORAN & OLSEN.
— ANY amount at 6%; first. 2d and 3d mort-
td eagres, undivided Interest, real estate In pro-
s'! bate: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay: get my terms before doing business els«-
= where. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, r. 3.
HIGHLY respectable, private place to obtain
7" llfieral advances on diamonds. Jewelry at low-
Z' est rates. Baldwin Jewelry Store. 844 Market
y St.; tel. Main 1644. Branch 19 Third st.
_J $500,000 AT S per cent in sums to suit in city:
,j $150,000 on large ranches at fair rates; second
e mortgages. R. J. MERCER & SON. 413 Pine.
_ LOWEST rates on furniture, etc.. by private
,, party; na removal; no commission; conflden-
¦ o tlaL Room 3. Conservatory bids.. 301 Jones.
_ MOST reliable place to borrow on diamonds,
„ watches, jewelry. W. J. HESTHAL. 10 Sixth;
highest price for old gold, silver, diamonds.
, OX furniture, pianos: no removal; money
," quick; lowest Interest: easy terms: no broker •
— age; reliable party. 1170 Market St.. room S3.
** HONEY loaned salaried people without slcurity.
_ HILL, rm. 44. Merchants* Ex.. 431 California.
LOANS. 1st or 2d mtgs: city, country. 6%. undi-
— vlded lnts. ; estates. HARPER. 337 Parrott bl«r.
t] 'LOANS on salaries without indorser or secur-
— ity; Eastern plan. Pearson. 309 Phelan bldg.
i[ CASH loaned on salaries: New York plan. THE
— TOUSLEY CO.. 321 Parrott building.
j. S1G0.000 TO loan on real estate or for building;
low rate. 223 Sansome st.. room X
is '
t. CASH loaned to salaried peopie on note without
— indorser. MORRELL, 609 Examiner building.
13 TO salaried people without collateral or In-
dorser. 3. F. Discount Agency. 143 Phelan big.
MUSICAL 13 iSTRUM E.\TS.
~ AT BYRON MAUZTS. 30S Post st.
Chlckerlng $10
_; Hallet & Cumston .. $60
,. Dunham $75
Emerson $10O
— "Weber «. J125
it Steinway I flM
Ricca $175
~ New England $200
11 Gabler $2.>n
_ Steck Baby Grand (like new) $450
lt % Steinway Baby Grand (like new) J.S50
Sohmer Baby Grand (like new) $7.~>0
_ ¦ These pianos are all in excellent condi-
s tlon, thoroughly warranted and can be ex-
changed In three years for a new SOHMER
5 or BYRON MAUZY piano.
Pianos rented; squares, $1 50; uprights. JJ
up. and rent allowed on purchase.
0 ANY person having use for a piano can be ac-
* commodated at Sherman. Clay ft Co.'s with
easiest payments, lowest prices and most re-
7 liable makers to choose from. Each tha best
a of their grade, from Steinway down. Privilege
* given to exchange medium and low priced
m pianos for a new Steinway any time within
three years from date of purchase. Beautiful
new uprights sold for $6 cash and $8 per
month.- We offer to sell some good pianos at
s $3, $4 and $5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY
j & CO., Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and
; Sutter sts., San Francisco: corner Broadway
and Thirteenth St.. Oakland.
. ABSOLUTELY lowest prices and easiest terms.
— 1 Novella upright.... $65 1 Schiller $265
.. 1 Emerson upright.. 55 1 Gabler 135
— 1 Vose 85 1Waverly 122
g 2 Steinway a ....1«5 up 1 Fisher upright.... 119
1 2 Heines 315 up 1 Mason-Hamlln ... 390
11 1 Hallet-Davis 485 1 Hardman 85
3 2Behr Bros 35711 Miller 123
; and fifty others; rented and rent allowed:
rents $3 up: we handle all makes; agents
I for some of the oldest and most famous
pianos In existence \- agents wanted. HEINE
. PIANO CO.. 217 Geary st.
" PARTIES having any kind of repairing or
1 tuning of pianos will do well to remembir
that we have the very b<»st facilities for d>>-
, ing fine varnishing, polishing, action repalr-
j Ing and regulating, and will make lower prlce3
for good work than any house on the coart.
Let us make an estimate on your work.
. MAtTVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st.
* SPECIAL sale of good pianos at low prices at
MAUVAIS*. 769 Market it., this week: you
can pay cash or installments, as you prefer
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicatro Is KOHLER & CHASE'S. 26.
' 28 and 30 Q'Farrell St.; pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest: every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
: 5 PIANO snaps— $60. $75. ISO. $123,- $130; easy
payments: also A poll' slight 1 - used, a bar-
gain. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 CFarrell
st., Chickerlng agency.
$3 PER month rents a beautiful piano. SCOTT-
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 560 Hayes St.
AT WILSON'S Storage. 1706 Market St.. you
can get storage pianos almost for a song — $8
per month — dirt cheap.
FINE 3-pedal standard upright piano; sacri-
ficed account of death. 61S Eddy. nr. Larktn.
$133— MAHOGANY Fischer upright left on sale.
217 Geary St.. room 38.
BEAUTIFUL new pianos. $155 up; rents and
easy payments. KLARE, 22CS Fillmore st.
SPECIAL sale of pianos this week; Steinway,
Knabe and others. BRUENN. 2C3 Post st.
BIGGEST bargain In FIsLer upright piano;
nearly new; must be i!d. 301 Jones st.
HIGH-GRADE pianos; Steck. Har'rnan. Con-
.over and others. Wiley B. Allen Co., 314 Post.
BAROAIN-Mnst be sold; nice upright piano.
SCHMITZ. 18 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A NEARLY new grand upright cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister. .
AT KEEFFE'S. 933 Market St.. 4 elegant up-
rights at your own price. Shoninger agency.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H. .
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
r —^ m^— — —^^^^^—— 1^»
OFFICES AND STORES TO LET.
VERY fine large store and basement; 933 Va-
lencia st.. near Twenty-first; key next door.
E. G. DENNISTON. 143 Mission st.
FRONT furni3hed apartments suitable for doc-
tor or dentist. 253 Geary; call bet. 2 and 4.
TO let— Small store with living rooms. 24S3
Mlslson st. .
personals]
A— IF your hair is falling or you are bald, call
on DR. G. S. MOORE, 488 Geary St.. and you
trill not be disappointed; this remedy Is posi-
tively guaranteed; preparation sent to all
parts of the world; call or send for circular.
¦WILL the lady on Oak st. who was inquiring
for Mahlon Gauze send her address to BAR-
CLAY J. SMITH, 27 Market st.
PRIVATE detective work; reasonable rates; It
years' experience. J. B. RAY. 357 Jessie st.
25 CENTS buys men's gray winter undershirts.
all sizes; drawers all out. SMITH'S. 27 Mar-
ket at.
25 CENTS buys men's, women's, boys' work-
Ing gloves. .Save half at SMITH'S. 27 Mar-
ket st. (second floor). «
REWARD-nooo paid to any one whose wrinkles
or freckles return after our treatment; sample
free at branch office. N. Y. Institute of Der-
matology, Glasgow bldg.. 105 Ellis St.. S. F.
THE Microbane Medical Co., removed to 411
Geary st., where they give you free treat-
ment for bald heads, falling hair and dan-
druff; Microbane Hair Grower cures all cases:
we also remove superfluous hair; call and sea
us. Microbane Medical Co.. 411 Geary st.
CIGARETTE and tobacco habit cured at
home: $3; valuable Information for liquor,
morphine, opium, all drug habits. MRS.
WILLIAMS. 1S33 Polk St.. San Francisco.
$1 WEEKLY — Suits to order from genuine
Scotch. $15 up; fine dress 3ults, $20 up: ele-
gant overcoats. ' $15 up. LEON LEMO3. 1117
Market st.. between Seventh and Eighth.
ELECTRIC light in every room— Winchester
Hotel. 44 Third st.. near Market: TOO rooms;
75c to $1 GO per nlsht: $1 50 to $S per week;
j free 'bus and bagsrage to end from tha ferry.
FINE suits, $10; dress pants, $2 75. MISFIT
CLOTHING PARLORS. 437 Montgomery st.
A— *3 SO DERBY and Fedora hats. $1 73. Popu-
lar Price Hatters. 330 Kearny st.. near Pine.
SCHOOL to learn hairdresslng. hair work, man-
icuring: private lessons or class. MISS A V
DOYLE. 1701 Market, bet. Polk and Van NessJ
WHITE enamel iron beds, single, three-qunrter
¦ or double. *2 25. EASTERN OUTFITTING
CO.. 1310-1312 Stockton st.. near Eroadwayl
Ladies' & gents' cast-oft clothing bought &
sold. J.Silverman. 984 Folsom; tel.FoIsom 1191.
OLD gold, silver, diamonds and precious atones
bought. J. R. JENKEL. 817 Market tt.
>LFREDUMS Egyptian Henna; restores gray
hair to 1U natural color; fl; at all druggists.
"KINGSLAND Art Colors." for leather wood
»nd photos, at all flrat-clasa art stores.
ALL KINDS of bamboo fancy work to order
HORISHIMA ft CO., 243 ElJls; teL Red U63."
SPRING styles Standard patterns now ready
••Domestic" office. 1021 Market st.. nr. SUth.
MASQUERADE costumes, play books wises -
country orders. GOLDSTEIN & CO.. 733 Mkt
SUPERFLUOUS hair and moles destroyed with
electric needle. MISS EATON. U19 Sattff "t.
DR. LAMOTTE'S Fr«nch Cora Paint, tha best
corn cure; 25c; ail druggist*.THE SASP FKANCISCO CAIjL, WEDNESDAY, APRIL 10, 1901.
11
ROOMS FOR .HOUSEKEEPING— Con.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 622— Bay-window suite,
3 rooms; gas range; also 1 room suitable for t.
GEARY, 1012—4 eunny furnished housekeeping
rooms, with use ot bath and telephone. .
HOWARD. 761U— Nicely furnished bay window,
other rooms; man and wife or S gentlemen.
HOWARD, 9I7—2 rooms, newly furnished, com-
plttt; also larger room. $10; housekefplng.
LANGTON, 25W4— Three sunny nicely furnished
rooms for housekeeping: private family.
LASKIE. S7. bet. Mil and 9th. oft Mission— 3-
room 'furnished . sunny . flat; . complete tor
housekeeping: ?!-•
LIBERTY, 1»— 3 to 5 handsome completely
furnished housekeeping rooms; use ot piano,
phone,' gas stove; pleasant surroundings;
very desirable. . . . . '.
MCALLISTER, 937— Upper floor. S sunny rooms,
bay-wimlow. grate, $12 73, or with kitchen,
separate entrance, $13. » . ' "
POLK, 367, near McAllister— Nicely furnished
bay-window sunny front room; porcelain
bath, hot and cold water; reasonable. ¦'
STOCKTON. 1107— Nice furnished rooms for
housekeeping; rent cheap. , '
TURK, 613, between Van Ness ave. and Polk
* —3 furnished housekeeping rooms; gas
range; $12. ¦
VAN NESS ave., 79S. cor. Eddy— 4 furnished
rooms: bath: no children: references.
ROOMS TO LET— Pnrn. nnd Utifnrn.
AHLBORN HOTEL,n2i Grant ave.— Best dol-
lar a day family hotel in city; polite attend-
ance; . Urge rooms; modern conveniences ;
rooms EOc up: lirst-cliss' meals 25c; free coach.
A— BRUNSWICK HOUSE, 148 Sixth— Rooms.
25c to $1 per night; $1 25 to $5 per week, and
light housekeeping rooms; open all .night.
BURNETT, 14J6 Market (old No. 1384)— Fur-
nlshed rms.. suites, single: also unfurnished.
CLARA,' 34, oft Fourth— Large • sunny front
• room; also single room; private v family.
ELDER Room-renting Bureau. 22 Kearny st.--
Tel. Red 2334 rooms fu;-iiis!ied or unfurnished.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 730—2 large sunny front
rms.; 1 single rm., $8; bath ;' private : German.
GRAND SOUTHERN, southeast corner Seventh
and Mission sts. — Sunny rooms, en suite or
'single; ladles" parlor; reading-room: elevator.
HAYES, 136— Small sunny room suitable for
gentleman, rent $6. ¦ .' ¦ ,
HENRIETTA squarfe, 7—2 or 3 partly furnish-
ed rooms for housekeeping; reasonable;
closets and bath. . , -
HOWARD. 917—3 gra»d housekeeping rooms,
' $14; also sunny front rooms, $10. ." -
HOWARD, 95»— Nice front room; private fam-
ily; for one or two.
MINNA. 667. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room. $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 1206— Nicely furnished front bay-win-
dow room: sunny; suitable for doctor.
O'FARRELL, 20— Sunn> furnished rooms and
offices: elevator: elec. lights; day. week. mo.
O'FARRELL, 326-^Sunny front rooms at mod-
i erate prices. ¦ • ¦
TINE. 704— One large furnished room, stove,
folding bed, $6; also other, rooms. * .-...
ROYAL House, 126 Ellis— Incandescent light;
reading-room, smoking-room and ladies' par-
lor; rooms, per night, 3oc to $1 50; week, $2 to
$8; month. $8 to $30: elevator on ground floor;
rooms with hot and cold water: baths.
ROSEDALE House. 3i'j-321 Ellis et.— Rooms,
night. 25c i to $1; week, $1 25 to $4; open night.
SANCHEZ, 372— Unfurnished front and back
parlor to let; quiet place.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished or .unfurnished,. .
SUTTER, 717. nr. Taylor— Very choice for busl-
nesa or home; reasonable: please investigate.
VAN NESS/930
Bachelor's apartments; elegantly furnished;
all eouth rootys; references. \
ROOMS AND BOARD.
AT the old • Stevenson mansion, opp. Grace
Church, with annex S07 California St., may
be found a most exceptionally good table, at-
tractive and sightly rooms at modest rates.
BOARD with or without rooms in private fam-
lly. 129 Hyde St. '
HANDSOMELY refurnished rooms; board first
class. 2101 Central ave., Alameda.
TEHAMA, 217— Nicely furnished front room;
board: private; $4 50.
special; notices. _ v _.
NOTICE is hereby given that the Maria Kip
Orphanage of 520 Lake St.. San Francisco.
Cal., has received the following orphan and
half-orphan girls from January 1 to April 1.
1901: Alice F. Debis.-lO years; Eleanor Rob-
erts,' 2 years 10 -months; Mary Phillips.' 7
years; Annie" Sharman, 6 years;: Harriet
Sharman, 3 years- 4 -months: Lillian L. Ko's-
felt. 2 years 7 months; Bertha Koepo. 3
years 5 months; Pauline E. Olson. 9 years S
months; Frances Follls, 10 years 6 months.
OFFICE of Sierra Railway Company of Cali-
fornia, room 175 Crocker building, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., April 1, 1901. .'.'-"-
Coupon No. 8, doe April 12. 1901. from first
mortgage 6 per cent, bonds of Sierra Railway
Company of California. • will be paid at the
fiscal agency of this company, \ the Crocker-
Woolworth National Bank, on and after that
date. S. D. FRESHMAN. Treasurer.
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION CO.,
415 Montgomery St., rooms 9-19; tel. 55|0. ,
MATERNITY. HOSPITAL. 997 Market St.— La-
dies during confinement w. 10 days' care. $20.
SEWING MACHINES AND SUPPLIES.
ALL kinds bought, sold and repairing guaran-
teed. CharlesPlambeck^Wlo^MlsBlo^nr^Sth.
ALL kinds bought, sold, rented, exchanged, re-
paired; open even.; phone' Black 1124, 205 4th.
BOUGHT, sold, rented, repaired; needles and
shuttles: reduced rates. 145 6th: phone Mint 5.
STORAGE AND WAREHOUSE^
P1ERCE-RODOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
offlce. Post and Powell sta.; tel. Main 5713.
BEKINS Van and Storage Co., 722 Mission St.;
tel. Main 1840; shipping at cut rates.
PACIFIC Storage and Furniture Moving Com-
pany, 2J20 Fillmore st. ; phone Jackson . 281.
GOLDEN WEST Storage Warehouse. • 840 Mis-
slon st. : tel. Mint 1821. F. W. ZEHFUSS.
TYPEWRITERS AND PPLIE S %
GREAT BARGAINS IN TYPEWRITERS- We
sell better machines for less money than any
> hou-e In the. city: rentals. $3. The Typewriter
Exchange, 536 California; telephone Main 266.
~~~ ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY— l^ocatloi.
of principal place of business, city and coun-
ty of San Francisco, State of California.
. Notice is hereby given that at a meeting of
the board of directors of said company, held
on the 19th. day of , February, 1901, an assess-
ment of ten dollar? ($10) per share was levied
upon the capital stock of th? corporation, pay-
able immediately to the secretary at the offlce
of said corporation. No. 327 Market St.. in the
city and county of San Francisco, State of
California. . • ¦
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 23d day of March. 1901.
wiir be delinquent and advertised for sale at
public auction, and unless payment is mad"?
before will be sold on Thursday, the 11th day
of April, 1901, to pay the delinquent assess-
ment, together ' with costs of advertising and,
expenses of sale. By order of the board of di-
rectors. . - K H. SHELDON.
• Secretary Oceanic Steamship Company, j
Offlce of secretary. 327 Market st.. In the city
and county of San Francisco, Stafe of Cal-
lforr.la. « * ¦ --, ... . .
¦ D1Y1DEXD NOTICES. , . ¦ '\ .
DIVIDEND NOTICE— Dividend No. 90 (twenty
.cents per share) of. the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Co.,.; will be payable at the of-
fice of the company, '327 Market sL, San
Francisco, on and after " Saturday. ¦ April . 20.
1901. ¦ Transfer books close Saturday, • April
"13, 1301, at 12 o'clock m. i ¦
. • " E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICE-D.vidend No. 26 (thirty
• cents per share) of the; Paauhau Sugar Plan-
? tation Compnny will be payable at the office
of the cempany, 327 Market St., San Fran-
': Cisco, on and-after Wednesday, April 10, 13C1.
[Transfer books clns*d Thursday, April 4,
1901, at 12 o'clock- m. '. ' . . a
'. E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
DIVIDEND notice — The -Giant Powder Com-
: pany. Con.— A dividend. No. 28, of seventy-
I five cents (75c) per share on the Issued capl-
' tal stock of the company has been declared
' i payable ' at the ' offlce of * the - company. • 430
¦ California St.. ' San Francisco, on. April 10.
'- ISOlj Transfer books close April 3, 1901. I at
: noon. A. -A. SPARKS. Secretary. ¦
.yROl J OSAL.S. .;.; rj^~~]-
ADVERT1SEMENT— Offlce of the Chief En-
' gineer," Division of- the Philippines. Manila,
' p.- I., ". March/ 1, 1901 — Sealed proposals . for
"" constructing a-harbor at-Manlla: P." I., -will
. be received atUhis' offlce until 11 o'clock 1 a.
;m., August 1.1901.' and then publicly opened.
.Work to; be done includes about 150.000 cubic
' yards riprap. 21,000 cubic yards concrete and
lubble masonry In breakwaters, about 5.000,-
00U cubic: yards of dredging and a pile bulk-
hea.1 4700. feet long. ¦' Dredging'In mud; ?and
».nd shells. to a depth of thirty feet: Dredged
¦ material to ,' be used r for -reclaiming '. land.
•Bids must- be accompanied nv a bond of one
hundred .thousand dollars ($100,000) in gold.
.One- contract will . be > made for the whole
work.,-. Contractor's bond '.will be 10 per cent
of the amount. bid. -The right Is reserved to
.reject any or all bids.' For. specifications and
* blank , forms apply • to this offlce. Bureau of
¦ Insular • Affairs. - Washington. D. C. : United
/.States -Engineer- Of flees af X««w York.- Chl-
; rago and San Francisco. JOHN BIDDLE.
.'¦'Captain,' Engineers. :*
OIL. ¦
CHANCE of a lifetime— An oil company own-
Ing and leasing developed oil land, i with ma-
chinery & casing costing $S00O, & first well 1200
feet & In oil nearly finished, will sell a fixed
number of 10.000 share blocks for $300 each If
sufficient applications are miule promptly;
ihts la not a sale of promotion stock, but a
fair & liberal offer made by a substantial oil
company to secure funds for. flnlshlnn first
well, pumplnic .plant & drilling more wells to
place the company on a dlvldt-nd-paylng sa-
sts; a purchase of this stock at Sc per share
• In lots named* Is a substantial chance to
secure a fortune. Full Information will be
given by addressing box iSTS, Call.
THREE cents per share; safest oil investment:
Is expected to go up to $3 per share In a few
months; send for prospectus. Pacific State*
Mining; and Investment Co., 318 Post st.
JOSEPH B. TOPL1TZ. S30 Tine st.
MEMBER PRODUCERS' OIL EXCHANGE.
.Country Correspondence Solicited.
OIL "company Just forming; you can get in on
ground floor for little money. Box 2S44, .Call
office. • '
OIL tanks, second-hand. In irood order; all
slses; cheap. H. 8. WHITE, 616 Mission St.
WILL deed choice tract as Bubsldy for boring
well. W. C. HAMILTON, 8 Flood bldf.
CHEAPEST nnd best In America— The Weekly
Call. 16 pages, sent to any address In the
United States or Canada one year for $L
' postage paid. ¦ -
OIL LANDS. .
75,000 ACRES oil land in various counties for
leaFe and sale. ROBINSON. 38 Geary St.. r. 6.
PAINTERS AND DECORATORS.
WALL paper, window shades; rooms papered. $3
up. Jensen & Bath. 308 Sixth; open evenings..
KOOMS papered from $3 up; city or country.
Hartman Paint Co.. 319 3d st.: tel. Red 3521.
PALMISTRY.
ST7E^ollE~F^i^LLi:r^cie^tiflc^alm^r515
Taylor St., bet. Geary and Post; tel. Black 561.
PATENTS AND PENSIONS.
ADVICE free; no charge unless' successful.
GEO. D.' CAMPBELL. Lawyer. Examiner big.
PARTSKKS WANTED.
WANTED— Doctor as partner on new dlscov-
ery. Box 2927. Call offlce.
PHYSICIANS AND SURGEONS.
PR. C. C. O'DONNELL— Office and residence,
1021% Market st, between Sixth and Seventh.
DR. WONG HIM. herb • doctor, . successfully
treats all diseases of the human body; sea
testimonials at offlce. 115-117 Mason; nr. Ellis.
REAL ESTATE — CITY— FOR SALE.
EA^Tol^T^L^RIDGE"&"cOn "~
638 Market street.
DOWNTOWN FLATS ON ELLIS STREET—
Must be sold this week: three elegant modern
flats of 9 rooms and bath; just finished; sunny
slde'street; nothing finer in the city; rents
$1740; 5 minutes' walk from Kearny st. ; lot
27:6x137:6; price $16,000.
NEW MODERN WESTERN ADDITION
FLATS— Snap; 2 beautiful modern flats of 7
and 8 roms and bath; round bay-windows;
light and sunny, cars pass; vicinity Pacific
Heights; rents $960; price $8500.
ELEGANT RESIDENCE— Few feet from Van
Ness ave.; lot 26x137:6; aristocratic neighbor-
hood; 10 rooms and bath, conservatory, eta
ELEGANT MARINE VIEW CORNER— On
Jackson street; superb unobstructed view of
entire bay; 27:6 frontage; 2 flats of 6 rooms and
tath; new modern; cost $9000; ground alone
worth price; price $4600; bank mortgage $3000
can remain,
•
A LOVELY HOME CLOSE TO, THE PARK
PANHANDLE— On north side Page street;
large fine well-built sunny residence of 9 rooms
and bath; all modern, improvements; lot 25x114
feet; price $60C0.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS AT A- SAC-
RIFICE — 2 fine well-built flats of 5 rooms and
bath; sunny side street; lot 25x137:6 feet; price
JSOOO.
E ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
• . > - • - ¦ .- 638 Market St.-
ALL GENUINE BARGAIN fa IN THIS LIST.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO.. 667 Market St.
$1600— Seven- room house on Broadway; a
snap. - • - ¦
$2350— Two splendid flats; rented $23; near
Sixth st. . t •
$3250— Seven-room, .louse on Leavenworth St.:
very cheap.
$3500— Near Sutter st; i-story 7-room house;
offer wanted.
$7750— Splendid Investment: near Van Ness
ave.; rents $S1; all rented.
$9500— Vicinity of Ellis nnd Powell sts.: ioi
40 feet front; rents $63 month.
$12,500— Leavenworth St.; rtnts $105; lot 55 fest
front; all rented.
$14,000— Three elegant flats; rents $150; all
rented; half cash; must se".
$17,500 — Two stores and- two flats; no vacancy
In 8 years ; rents $107 ; Jot 60 feet front.
(18.000 — Howard ct. ; downtown ; flne -I-Btory
building, with basement; rt-nts $123..
$25,000— Greatest bargain in city; lot 40 feet
front; 4-story brick building; all rented .-uid
pays positively over 8 oor cfnt net; within few
blocks of Chronicle.
$28,000— Business property of 4 stores and 8
fiats ; rents ¦ $250.
$36,000— Mission st; TO feet frontage; dowii-
town district.
$40,000— Corner on Sansome St.: 137 feet front;
old improvements; rentincr.for $250.-
$40,000— Corner Golden Gate ave.; 137:6x137:6-
rents J240.
$55,000— Grand corner; "*.O feet front; few
blocks from Orpheum; pays 6 per cent net.
$75,000 — Grand corner; 60- feet front; within
block ofTlvoll: old improvements; rents $400
$75,000— Splendid corner investment; rents $535-
lot 83x120; 3 frontages; .:ew improvements.
Other bargains.
Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667 Market st.
W. F. AMBROSE & CO., ' "
. REAL ESTATE BROKERS
41 AND -42. CHRONICLE BUILDING.
• WE ADVERTISE BARGAINS ONLY. •
$27,500— SIxth-st. Investment: 75x90; 4 stores and
- . 8 flats; rents $250 per month.'
$3,760— Cheap Western Addition 'flats; lot 37'6x-
120 to rear street; 2 flats. 5 and 6 rooms
and 4-room cottase ; rents $45 per
¦ month.
$2,850-r-Downtown Investment; Harriet St.,
near Bryant; 2 flats, 5 and 6 roomsj
rent $26 per month. (
To close an estate — Offer wanted; 2 flats, S
rooms each; 25x125; Eighteenth St., near
Castro.
CHEAP LOTS. :
$4.000— Washington, near Cherry: 50x129.
$2,200— McAllister, near Baker: 25x137:6.
$2,000 — Waller.- near Belvedere: 25x108.
$1,100— Church, near Eighteenth; 27x100.
$l,S00— Devisadaro, near Waller: 23x125.
$1, SCO— Folsom, near Seventeenth; 25x122:6. .
$900— Twenty-eighth, near Guerrero; 2->:Sxll4.
$1,400 — Cor. California and 12th ave.; 32:6x100.
$S£0 — California, near Eighth ave. ; 25x120.
$600 — Blake, near Point I.obos;' 25x100.
$1,000— Second- ave., near California; 25x100.
$1,200— Twenty-second, near Castro; 25x114.
• $300— Sanchez, near Eighteenth: 25x110.- -•
Make offer— Cor. Eighteenth and Eureka;. 50x75
W. F. AMBROSE & CO.,
. 41 and 42, Chronicle . building.
$S500— MAKE offer; Webster St., near Clay:
modern 3-story house of 14 rooms, 4 toilets, 2
baths, stationary washstands, electric bells,
large rooms; brick foundation; street accept-
ed; could easily be rented in 3 flats and pay
¦ large income. .-
First ave. Boulevard, near Presidio; 10 fine
' lots; corner; easy terms; small cash pay-
ment. . . . • -' . . .
$1750 — Wayland St., near San Bruno 'ave. ;
large lot. 40x100; cottage of 6 rooms; stable
for 6 horses; 'well, -windmill, etc.
$430— Bargain; .Twenty-second st., near. Eu-
reka ; lot 26 :9xC0 ; street work done.
$300 each— Sacrifice ; 2 flne lots on San Bruno"
ave.; electric cars pass. ': -
¦ : R. J. MERCER & SOX. 412 Pine st.
I HAVE turne'd in an offer of $5650 for a lot
. In this city on south side of Brannan st.,
No. 359, between Second and Third; improve-
ments: rent $55 per month; size of .lot 37:6x
137:6, belonging. to estate of DAVID ROY, de-
ceased; can be bought by raising- said offer
10 per cent on April 17 at Department , 9
Judge Coffey's court. A. PALLIES, executor
of the will. 318 Davis st.
NEW offlce; real estate and flre Insurance bro-
kers— 'Wanted — Lands .and houses on-aale'and
rent. A.' BALDASSI & CO., 20G Montgomery
r avenue.- ' ' - .. ¦
REDUCED FROM $1300; must be sold within
10 days; $1!00; 4 rooms, ' stablf, > well of water;
lot 114x2C; street accepted by- city: cement
sidewalk; plank side entrance. Owner, ¦ 413
. Twenty-ninth St., Mission cars pass door. ;.:
MUST be sold— SE.' cor. Marlposa and Florida
sts.: store of 3 rooms and flat ' of 5 rooms,
bath;. easy terms; see owner. "
FOR the best located lots in Richmond and the
; cheapest call on W. J. Gunji. 530 California.
LOT* ' in MlKsionr^Corner, 25x»0; - desirable I lo-
•callty, resldence^'dlstrict: suitable for grocery,
no opposition. -Apply 791 Stevenson st. . *>•.-.-
MODERN cottages arid flats built: • reasonable;
¦plans furnished. Salsbury, bulldsr, 13:3 Market.
REAL ESTATE — CITY* — FOR SALE!.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE ~B~Y '""". """"¦ ;-;.•«
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
-¦ .. 10 Montgomery St.
$25,000— Rents $.1590; Polk-st. business property;
large lot. . • ¦ * : \
$3000— Nice home on Pleree-st., near Hatght;
price reduced.
$:o,000~Lurgo corner and five houses on Sutter
st.; rent $1860. .... i......
$S250— New corner home on Twenty-third at.,
. near Sanchea; No. 3S79; owner must sell;
large lot, 37:9x65. • :
$7300— Rents $72; lot 42x75; near Sixth and Mis-
sion sts. , •' . '
$2100— Vermont st., near Marlposa: ccttuge ot
7 rooms, bath and basement.
$3000— Tehama st.. oft Third; two-story frame
building of two flats; rents $20 per
month.
$4500— Rents $4! SO; Sacramento St., near "Wal-
' • ' nut; two flats; bargain.
$12,500— llalght-st. business corner; store and
two flats; always rented; lot !5xl00.*
$21,500— Hayes St., not far from Market;. lot 37x
120 to rear street; stores and flats.
$5200— Rents $50 60 per month; four Hats; halt
block from Fourteenth and Mtsslon sts.
$8000— Rents $7S 50 per month; business corner
on Church st. ;. 51:6x100; covered with
stores; flats above and cottage.
$3750— Rents $33: lot 23xS6:6; Stelner St., near
Turk; store and flat. .
$5500— Marine view residence on Lombard St..
"¦¦ near Hyde; 10 rooms; lot 57:6x137:6.
$1750 — Church St., near Twentieth; house of 8
rooms' and bath; lot 25xS0; half cash.
$6750— Rents $78 per month; 6 flats on Rltch
St.; lot 49:10%x75.
$3500 — Two-story house of 8 rooms and bath;
rents J300 per .year; Minna St., near
Fifth. - ¦ • ' ¦ •
$1400— Cottage on Corbett road, near Eight-
eenth; only $100 casn.
$6S00— Buchanan st., .near Vallejo; nice home;
your own terms. -¦' . .
$2230— Central ave., ¦ near McAllister St.; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$2250— Stanyan st. lot; suitable for flats.
$550— Elizabeth St.; fine building lot; worth
. $750. .
$7000— Three flats; Fillmpre St., near Oak;
rents $720; lot 25x110. ' . i
$1100— Banks st.; cottage of 4 rooms and bath.
$5000— Baker st., near Pine; house of 9 rooms
and bath.
$4000— Guerrero St., near . Twenty-second ; two
flats; rents $33. ,
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
$13.500 RENTS $1230
Three new flats, near ¦ Jackson ¦ and Larkln
sts.; a splendid Investment; 'see this at once;
owner compelled to sell; cost over $15,000.
BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
BEAUTIFUL BUILDING LOTS
AT REASONABLE PRICES.
ON EASY TERMS.
Level building lots on H st. and Nineteenth
ave. boulevard, v fronting Golden Gate Park. '
Eddy-st. cars
Prices moderate
Terms easy
Lots Level •
Streets macadamized '...'
On official grade
Plank sidewalks
Gas — water — mail service
Better class of homes
Branch office at the corner
of H st. and Ninth ave., south of Golden
Gate Park; open every day, Sundays and holi-
days; don't delay, but Interest yourself In a
home lot at once. Small first payments, bal-
ance $10 per month. Interest 6 per cent on de-
ferred payments.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st .
....; $5250
Splendid vacant corner on Fourth st. ; suit-
able for business, grocery, and flats; size
35x100; a big bargain; worth $200 a front foot;
must be sold this week; "only vacant corner
to be had. Apply to BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
If you have lots to sell north of the Park.
then call on W. J. GUNN, 631 California nt.
KEAL ESTATE—COUNTRY— For Sale
KINGS County, the garden spot of California,
the richest soil on earth; grand climate; the
finest irrigation system .in the West; its
vineyards and orchards' are famous; lands
cheap. RUBENSTEIN & CLARK. 32 Flood
building. ¦'• ..¦,.'.¦
$1850 FOR 40 acres first-class alfalfa; put In
last year; in the heart of the best lands.
$3000 for . 40 acres in full bearing orchard,
vineyard and stock pasture, on easy terms.
RUBENSTEIN & CLARK.
80- ACRE, stock ranch, 70 acres In first-class
alfalfa; house, barn; fenced and water rlglit
from two ditches; creamery and cheese fac-
tory close by; a great snap for' $37 50 per
acre. RUBENSTEIN & CLARK, 32 Flood.
building. ;
$5S00 FOR a vineyard and orchard in full
bearing In the famous Grangevllle district
on easy terms. RUBENSTEIN & CLARK.
30O RANCHES in parcels from 20 to 160 acres
in 'vineyards, orchards and .stock farms on
easy terms and low .prices. " u For particulars
call at our office.' RUBENSTEIN & CLARK,
32 Flood building. . , . .
- " . . ¦ • ¦ ¦
THE CREAM . •
Of - ' '
SAN MATEO. .
Elegant • ' ; . . .. ' .
Building Sites for Sale.
In the Bowie Estate. -
The finest suburban residence • property Of
San Francisco. .Now being bought and built
upon by the best class of citizens.
Also
CHOICE AND CHEAP.
THE MEZES TRACT AT'BELMONT. "
Containing over 500 acres, with many beauti-
ful lots, covered with oaks and other trfees
and commanding grand view; within '.one
hour of the city; In subdivisions at prices, of •
only $75 per acre and up. . : ?-
For maps and particulars . address ¦
MCAFEE BROTHERS.
• 108 Montgomery st.,
San Francisco.
IN the healthiest and best part of Placer Co.;
20 acres fruit; best varieties; 16 acres in bear-
Ing; fine fence, barn and house; good water;
one mile from depot; ideal place -made by
"practical man with experience; will sell
cheap on account of leaving the country. R.
E.. box 2904. Call offlce. ¦¦ * - ' ¦
$1000 — 40 ACRES; 4 miles from county seat;
25 acres cleared; some fruit and vines; a good
hog ranch. Apply A. M. SPECK & CO., 667
Market st. ¦ . . ¦ ¦
RANCH for sale— 45 acres; 30 in prunes and sp
pies; 10 in grapea; louse. . baru. ' springs.
Apply owner, M. MELLOT Lexington Hotel,
Alma P. O.. Santa Clara County; Cal. . ' .
160 ACRES of land and some cash to trade for
a stock of merchandise. Address L. H. MON-
ROE, Placervllle. Cal. '
M. GRIFFIN. 719 Market St.. by Call building,
sells hotels. - lodging-house? i stores, etc.
Printed lists of farms and city property.
IN Mill Valley, house and lot for sale cheap
'' on account of departure. 626 Turk st.,' S. F.
WRITE J. W. HORN, 812 Main. Petaluma, 1 for
free copy of Sonoma Co. real estate bargains.
MILL VALLEY KEAL ESTATE.
FOR sale at a bargain — A cottage In best lo-
cation of the valley; beautiful surroundings:
no reasonable offer refused. Apply H. KAUF-
MANN. 318 Sacramento st. ¦ ¦
KEAL' ESTATE TO EXCHANGE:.
W ANTED — Lots In Alameda' or Berkeley suit-
able for subdivisions, ' in exchange for new
cottage 6 rooms In Alameda; rents $30 month;
will assume some mortgage. J. H. YOUNG,"
owner and builder, 1243 Park st., Alameda.
IN ' Mill Valley— A nice home cheap on ac-'
count of departure, or exchanged for'unim-
proved city property. £26 Turk st. ¦
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 1118 BROADWAY.
OAKI.AXD REAL ESTATE. .
$10 000 HOME; cost to . build $15,000; 10 rooms
and bath; lot SO feet frontage; almost at
Fourteenth and Broadway; choicest location;
space will not permit in the ad extolling lt»
charming qualities; finest and best home ever
offered for sale -at such a sacrifice; must bo
I sold to close an estate; seeing is believing;
call early. J. S. MYERS & CO., ldO2 Broad-
way.' Oakland. • .' '.*¦
$1G33 FOR a $2000 property . In East Berkeley;
* blocksfrom station; 5 rooms and bath; con-
! venient to everything;; sunny and a' beautiful
! neighborhood; -we are, instructed to sell with-
out reserve; 5400 cosh. : J. S. MYERS & CO.,
'.10C2 Broadway. Oakland.',- ¦¦' : . ..; -..-.-. -
$23CO FOR a" splendid 7-room house; driveway;
large lot: in perfect condition; originally cost
$4500- owner going East and must sell before
leaviris: first come, - first 6erved.'' J. 8.
MYERS & CO.. 1002 Broadway. Oakland.
(lAKLA\U FUll.MTUHB KOK'SALK.;r
AN introduction to you from H. f-chellhaaj", th»
I furniture dealer. 11th and Franklin. Oakland.
'_ IIOOMS FOR HOCSEKEEPIXG.'-- '
BARTLETT, I ' 414—3 ¦? sunny - newly , papered
. roomB, -with sink and bath. - , > , .
BUENA VISTA ave.' 449,* near Frederick— 3
. fur. . or ; unfur. rooms ¦ or mere; fine grounds.
ELLIS,' 597 — 2. -sunny ' housekeeping rooms;
.pleasant and convenient; 516. • ¦ . " •
ELLIS,' 633, ; corner Larkin— Extra /large bay-
' . window ; | use of J kitchen ; ' $17 : front j room," $8.
FILLMORE. '2212.' near Clay— $7, '2 large -sunny
i unfurnished rooms; nice yard and water.
FOLBOM.i ''S34-jSunny .:" housekeeping j| room; !
•closets;, stove", bath;' private;- $6 month.
MOXTEZUMA COPPER AND COAL.
TWO THOUSAND ACRES OF COAL LANDS.
TWO THOUSAND ACRES OF COAL LANDS.
TWO THOUSAND ACRES OF COAL LANDS.
TWO THOUSAND ACRES OF COAL LANDS.
The Montezuma Mlnlne Company, In connec-
tion with the Washington Co-operative Syndi-
cate, has leased for twenty years 1800 acre*
of the finest coal landj in Washington, so that
to-day there Is no Ik- tier proposition In the
State. We have some twelve veins of coal
from four to nine feet In width, wtth an aver-
age lift of 2000 feet. atiJ four miles In length.
W* have approximately some fifty million tons
of coal. We have one vein of coal nine feet
two Inches In width that is pure coal except
some two Inches of bone; the analysis shows it
to be without a superior In the State. I give
you herewith the analysts: Moisture, 1.60 per
cent; volatile. 34.25 per cent; fixed carbon, 62.00
per cent; ash, J.I5 per cent. We will have In
this vein over seven million tons of coal above
water level, and nearly as much below. The |
other eleven veins, although not as large, -would
give us a vast amount of coal. I need not say
that the magnitude of our coal proposition Is a
large one; we shall expect before many months
to be shipping a large &:nount of coal per day.
A part of our veins are fine coking coal. As a
portion of our coal maU< -, the best of coke, and
as each oven will earn about $3 per day in
making coke, and with an unlimited demand,
this part of our business will be exceedingly
profitable. Our coal property Is a little over
one mile from the railroad at Fairfax, where
we are opening up our' coal. We have about
600 feet elevation, and fcliall have our bunkers
at the railroad and run our coal to the bunkers
In a flume, havlng'plenty of water for this pur-
pose and also to run all of our machinery, so
that all the handling* of our coal will be done
automatically, which means cheaply.
We have with both of pur companies money
enough on hand to put our coal property In
shipping order. So that we expect to be
shipping coal In May, and shall, I believe, be
able to commence paying dividends In August,
1301.— Letter from C. "iV. Thompson, President.
DmDENDS.THIS TEAR.
Our coal mines alone will, pay big dividends
to all shareholders when same are run. at full
capacity (about thirty men being at, present
employed, the force to be Increased as rapidly
as development will permit), and as soon as we
begin turning out "copper matte" from the
smelter these dividends will be very materially
Increased. The net proceeds of each mine are
paid m dividnds to the share holders; not one
dollar of such funds can be used for develop-
ment work.
STOCK "ADVANCING. '¦
The price of the btock of the Montezuma
Mining Company is advancing every month,
and Is liable any month to make some big
Jumps. These expectations are based upon the
following facts:
First— Because the company has a large cap-
italization, which Is fte.irly all treasury stock.
It has been the experience of the past that all
mining- companies having a large amount of
treasury stock have Deen able to successfully
develop their properties, because by the sale of
euch stock they have obtained sufficient work-
ing capital for all the purposes of securing and
developing their propeities, . while companies
with a small amount of such stock have failed
from a lack of sufficient working capital.
The capitalization and organization plans of
the "Montezuma" are such that with honest
management failure is absolutely an impossi-
bility, and the company must necessarily be-
come a great controlling power of the vast
mineral products of the Paclnc 'Coast. >
THE POOR MAN'S CHANCE:.
The man or woman earning wages Investing
$5. $10, $15 or more per month for the next few
months in this stock may, and most likely will
In the near future receive In dividends every
month a greater income than their present
earnings.
People who make monthly deposits In banks
may reasonably expect much larger returns by
putting the same into the purchase of the stock
of this company; and those with a good bank
account will, without doubt, find It the best
Investment on the market at the present time.
There has been no time In the past when the
banker and the public generally could Invest
money as safely in purchasing the stock of a
company, based upon a large capitalization,
with valuable mineral . properties and doing a
legitimate mining business, with such absolute
£ insurance of large returns as at the present
time. * ¦
The risks are so small and the prospects so
large that it seems to us that no one with the
slightest ambition to improve his financial con-
dition need have any nesitation in purchasing
this stock while he can do so at the present low
price. In a short time the price of the stock
will so advance that none but the rich can pur-
chase it, when the best opportunity of a life-
time will be lost to you. . .. - - ¦•
WHY A SAFE INVESTMENT.
Because the company owns (or controls by
long lease) 1000 acres of rich copper properties
and 1800 acres of the best steam and coking
coal in the State of Washington. • -•'-¦
Because . there Is a constantly increasing de-
mand for copper, the price for same being
more than double what it was a few years ago.
Because first-class steaming and blacksmlth-
Ing coal and coke are <n such demand on the
Pacific Ccast that the cempany could not sup-
ply one-half of the present requirement of the
market if they were producing at full capacity.
Because the "Montezuma" employs only the
most skilled mining engineers to be found on
the -continent, hesitating at no reasonable ex-
pense to determine the absolute- value of their
mines.
Because the Montezuma Mining Company 1s
organized under the laws of the State of Wash-
ington, where protection is afforded the Investor
against fraud and misrepresentation.
Because Its Managers and Directors are men
well known for their high moral character and
business ability— particularly skilled In mining
and financiering. . •
Because the company Incurs No Debts, thus
running no risk of a financial crash or panic in
the commercial world. Do you realize the im-
portance of this? The people of this country
are slowly recovering from a great financial de-
pression; a few years of prosperity are before
us, and then will 3urely come the regular
period of distress, but It will affect only such
institutions as are struggling under a heavy
load of debt. . , • ¦ ,
The Montezuma Company has No Bonded In-
debtedness.- Its stock Is Non- Assessable. "Its
management is unsurpassed. Its products can
be easily and cheaply marketed. Nowhere in
the world can copper and coal be produced
more cheaply.
J. D. Mclntyre, consulting engineer for the
"Montezuma," says in his late report on the
Coal property: "The total or approximate esti-
mate of coal within the boundaries of your
coal lands Is 21.621,600 tons," which would give
an output of 1000 Tons Daily for a Period of 75
Tears; 300 days to the year.
A BIG, SAFE COMPANY.
Large capitalization insures the cimplete de-
velopment of all the properties now under con-
trol or that may hereafter be acquired by the
company. A development fund Is created by
the sale of shares, and from no other source.
The tendency of the wcrld of action now Is in
all directions toward -combination of capital and
i ability in great enterprises. The time has gone
by when the Individual alone, single-handed,
can make a great success. So It Is in mining
enterprises. The companies of large capitaliza-
tion, commanding, as they do, large resources,
are the successful ones. Such companies pro-
tect their stockholders In all of their rights and
interests, and return to them large dividends.
The losses people meet with In such Investments
are always in the small companies, for the
simple reason that their capital is too small to
j successfully carry out their undertakings.
FUTURE PROSPECTS. •
Every man and woman has a desire to Im-
prove his or her financial prospects.
Every man and woman who had the gift of
an Independent Judgment, and the courage, re-
gardless of the possibilities then existing that
every dollar he invested might be lost, to pur-
chase 10OO shares .or more of the stock In the
following companies and held on to it, are now
classed among the wealthy people of the coun-
try-
The purchaser of 1050 shares of stock In the
follov.-ing companies, when it was first offered
to the public at a merely nominal price, would
now have the following valuations:
In the Calumet and Hecla $760,000,
In the Boston and Montana 327,000
In the Tamarack ,...: 194.000
In the Qulncy 137,000
In the Anaconda ;.V ".. 26,250
In the Isabella 112,000
In the Raven W.300
In the Osceola 70,000
In the Standard 315,000
In the Butte and Bcston S1.000
The above list represents only I a few of the
large number of mining companies that have
made enormous fortunes for their stockholders.
' PRICE OF MONTEZUMA STOCK. --
The par value of Moutezuma* stock Is $1 per
Ehare. For a short time it is offered at 10c
each or I2oon rr.onth'y Installments.'
These prices are far below the real value, but
the company wishes to carry out Its co-operat-
ive Idea, making Its shares acceptable to a
wide range of customers. This stock has in-
creased in value 100 per cent since we began
its sale a short time and .will make a like
advance within the next few months. A block
of this stock of numerate size will In a few
years provide a. competency for th,e owner.
Remember, the holder of this stock will- share
In the profits of both the copper, and: the coal
mines. .\
St-nd in your subscription by return mall. | Act
independently, act promptly, thus securing the
beet possible advantages, for another advance
Sn price of shares will soon take, place.
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO.,
Financial Agents; 810 Safe Deposit Building,
San Francisco.
Telephone Main 5Kt3. •'¦ • '
(Read the Other Column.)
Hecarty (ne« Devlne). - a native of Santa
Crux. Cal.. aged 2tf years. *
C7*Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at S o'clock, from his late- r.\-«i-
dence. SS Antonio street, off Jone», between
O-Karrell and EUU, thtnee to St. Mary 1 *
Cathedral for services at S:3O o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
, DULEY— In this city. April 9. 100X. Goers* J.
P. Duley, beloved son of Lucy and the lntt
William P. Puley. » native of San Francisco,
aged Si years 9 month* and. 14 days.
EISEN— Kntereil Into rvst. In thl» city. Aprti
, s. irei. Itabette. widow of the Iat« Augustus
K Risen.
ETFrlenJs and acquaintances ar« respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral sen ices
this day (Wednesday), at 3 o'clock, at St.
Stephen'* Church. Kulton street, near FUl-
more. Interment private.
FENNEMA-In Elrahurst. March JO. l*n.
I Grace, dearly belovtd Infant daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Charles Fennema. and beloved sla-
ter or Carl Fennema. and 3 days.
FLYNN— In Oakland. April 9. 1301. Hasel. be-
loved daughter of Edward and Sadie Flynn.
sister of Alice Flynn. and grandchild of Mrs.
T. Kenny and Mrs. Flynn.
GALLAGHER— In this city. April 9. 190t. Mrs.
Arm Gallaeher. beloved mother of Mm. M.
a Taylor. Mrs. J. Rice. Mrs. W. S. Eveleth.
Mrs. W. D. McLean and Katie Gallagher, a
native of Ireland, aged 70 years. .
E7" Notice of funeral hereafter.
; GILBERT— In thl3 city. April 9. 1901. Elixa-
i beth Sprasue Gilbert, beloved sister of Mrs.
I J. S. Adams, a native of Boston. Mass. (Bos-
ton, Mass., and Seattle, Wash., papers please
copy.)
ID^Frlends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 3022 California street, between Baker
; and Lyon. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GREEN— In this city. April 8. 1901. Lloyd, be-
loved son of John W. and Ross Green.
- brother of Harold J. and Mervln X>. Green,
and Grandson of Mrs. Margaret McCurdy. a
native of San Francisco, ased 4 years and
11 months. (Virginia, Nev.," papers pleas*
copy.) •
tSTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited -to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. 1014 Noe street. n«ar
Twenty-Third. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. ¦ '¦¦-
HOLDEN— In this city, April 8, 1901, James
J.,' beloved husband of Julia Holden. and
brother of Davis and Cornelius and the lata
Peter and Michael .Holden, a native of Wis-
consin, ajred 48 years.
!C7"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his lat»
residence. 411 Third street, thence to St.
Rose's Church. Brannan street, between
Fourth and Fifth, where a solemn requiem,
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
KAMLER— In this city. April 9. 1301. Mrs.
Hanna Kamler. beloved mother of Abe and
Isadore Kamler. Mrs. D. Cahn and Mrs. D.
Harris, a native of Poland, aged 77 years and
1 month.
KETLER— In Larkspur. April 8. 1901. William
John, beloved husband of Mary Page Ketler.
a native of St. Louis. Mo., aged 52 years.
(Washington, Philadelphia. Virginia and
Maryland papers please copy.)
E7"Frieml3 are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at t
o'clock, from his late residence. Larkspur,
thence to St. Raphael's Church. San Rafael,
for services. Interment private.
KIERNAN— In this city. ApYil 8. 1901. Myrtle.
dearly beloved daughter of Frank and Annie
Kiernan. and granddaughter of Mrs. M. L.
Kiernan. a native of San Francisco, axed I
years 10 months and 15 days.
C7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the rest-
dence of her grandmother. 743 Harrison
street, between Third and Fourth. Inter-
ment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
KIMBALL— In this city. April 8. 1901. Charle*
H.. beloved husband of the late Jennie Kim-
ball, father of Camelia. Ethel and Charles
H. Kimball Jr.. sin of Mra. J. H. Thomas,
and brother of William E. and Fred H.
Kimball and Miss Josle Thomas, a native of
Michigan City. Ind.. aged 35 years and 10
months.
C^Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of his brother, w. E. Kimball. 2850
Folsom street, between Twenty-fourth and
Twenty-fifth. Interment Cypress Lawri Ceme-
tery.
LANCASTER— In Oakland. April 9. 1901. Mr*.
Sarah Ellenor Lancaster, beloved mother of
Mabel Layman, a native of Los Angelet.
aged. 42 years and 11 days.
McCORMICK— In this city. April 8. 1901.
Eugene V.. beloved son of J. T. and Cather-
ine McCormlck. a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year 2 months and 3 days.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents. 4372 Twenty-flfth
street. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
OLIVER— In this city, April 7. 1301. Edward
Clare, beloved husband of Catherine Wood
Oliver, a native of Indiana, aged 29 years I
months and 13 days.
B^7"Servic«3 will take place this daj
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, at tha Colonial
Hotel, corner Pine and Jones streets. Fu-
neral and Interment private.
PETERSON— In Sacramento, April 8. 1901.
James Peterson, beloved husband of Annie
M. Peterson, father of Emmett J. Peterson,
brother of Louis and Hans Peterson, and
brother-in-law of Charles F. Curry, a native
of Denmark, aged 37 years U months and 17
days.
ETFrienda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), on the arrival of the 4:25 p. m.
train from Sacramento. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
QUINN— In this city, April 8. 1901. George
Francis, beloved son of Thomas and Maggie
Quinn. brother of Lyola and Raymond
Quinn. and grandson of John and the lata
Catherine O'Connor, a' native of Grass Val-
ley, Cal., aged 11 months and 23 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the reat-
dence of the parents. 1023 Natoma street.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
RAMSKY-In this city. April 7. 1901. Cassie.
wife of H. O. Ramsey, and mother o< Ed-
ward Clarence Ramsey, a native of New
"Jersey, aged 30 years. • ,
|T?"Funeral services will be beld-thla day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, at her late resi-
dence. 229 Day street. Interment .private.
SAITSSEY— In this city, April 8. 1901,' John Doe
\ Saussey, a native of France, aged 7» years.
STACK— In this city, April 9. 5 1901. Maggie,
beloved daughter of Thomas and Agne*
Stack, and sister of Josie, Mary and Willie
Stack, a native of Oakland. Cal., aged 11
years.
SUTLIFF— In this city. April 7. VWU Alleen
June beloved daughter of Thomas B. and
Agnes C. Sutliff, and sister of Carmellta.
Natalal and Norma Sutliff, a native of San
Francisco, aged 4 years 10 months and 22
days.
Ebr Friends and acquaintances ' are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral th;» day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1912 Central avenue. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
TEICHMANN— In this city, April 8. 1901.
William Gottlob. beloved brother of Eugen
Teichmann, a native of Stuttgart. Germany,
aged 36 years. A member ot San Francisco
Schwaben Verein. Verein Teutonia and the
German Benevolent Society.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from San Fran-
cisco Turn Verein Hall, where the funeral
services will be held under the auspices of
San Francisco Schwaben Verein. and thence
to Odd Fellows' Cemetery for cremation. Re-
mains at the parlors of Theodor Dlerks. 957
Mission street.
TUMELTY — In Somersvllle. Contra Costa
'County, April 9. 19C1. Etta, beloved wife of
John Tumelty. beloved mother of J. E. Tum-
elty, daughter of Thomas and Annie Jones,
irranddaughter of John and the late Margaret
Jones, and pister of Albert T. and Genie
Jones, a native "of Somersvllle. Contra Costa
County, Cal., aged 28 years 2 montha and It
days.
ZJr Notice of funeral hereafter.
VIARD— In this city. April 8. 1901. Maria
Vla'd b-loved mother of Vlrsrlnle Balmfort.
mcther-ln-law of Ralph Balmfort. and sister-
in-law of Eugene Robinet, a native of France,
aced 86 years. •
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late
residence 782 Folsom street, thence to French
Church of Notre Dame des Vlctolres, where
services will be held.
WEST— In this city, April 8, 13C1. Orson C.
West, a native of New York, ased 78 years
'WEYMOUTH— in this city, April 9. 1901. Mary
\ Wevmouth. a native of Massachusetts,
WH VLEN— In this city, April 9. 1901, Annie,
relict of the late Thomas Whalen. and be-
loved mother of Katie Whalen. Mrs. J. A.
: Mahoney and ths late Mrs. M. F. O'Connor.
a native of County KiZdare. Ireland, aged 77
ye |E7Friands and acquaintances are respect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 321 Jessie street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, where a requiem hleh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.
-?Successor to Flannagan * Gallafcti«r.> .•:, .'." ,
DANIEL P. DONOVAN. M*r.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND KMi*ALiIER4.
20 Filth it., opposite Lincoln School.
Teleohone fo'ith tO. .
UNITED UNDERTAKERS,
H and 29 Fifth »t. T*L South 117.
ITOIHAL DIBE0T0B3 ASD EMBAM32J.
rinxt KotrirTHTit lit Mnrt»r«t»v_Rat^ :^_
McAVOY <fc CO.. ]
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & E1IBALMEP.3. I
- 3223 ilarket «C between 8th and KS. f
¦ Tel- phone South *t?. . g
JAMBS McGINN, I
' Formerly with McGinn Brof.. has opened I
new'Funeral Parlors at 214 Eddy St.. bet. I
Taylor and Jones. Telephone South S7»- ]
PKOPOS.VLS Contlnned.
PROPOSALS for Woolen Blankets. Depot
Quartermaster's Office. 36 New Montgomery
• St., San Francisco, Cal., April 5, 1001.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received at
this offlce until 10 o'clock a. m.. Saturday.
April SO, 1WI. Pacific Standard Time, and
then opened, for furnishing Woolen Blanket*.
Quantity to be subject to an Increase of £u
per cent. If desired by this Department. l?n-
Cuaranteed bid*, and btda upon samples dif-
fering from standard and specifications, will
under no circumstances be cbnsfclered; pro-
posals for less quantity than advertised for
will be entertained. Did* will be opened for
the delivery of the Blankets at either the
San Kranctsco, Boston, Chicago *nd Phila-
delphia Depots, but none will bo Riven cou-
slderation for Inspection or delivery at other
points than those named above. Early de-
liveries are essential. The rate and time of
delivery must bo stated by bidders In their
proposals, and no proposition should be made
which they nre not positive that they can
absolutely fulfill. Preference will be given
to articles ot domestic production and manu-
facture, conditions of price and quality being
equal (Including In the prlre of foreign pro-
duction and manufacture the duty thereon),
> t>nd such preference will be given to articles
of American production and manufacture pro-
duced on the Pacific Coast, to the extent of
3 the consumption required by the public ser-
vice there. The United States reserves the
right to accept or reject any or all proposals
or any part thereof. Information and blanks
for proposals will be furnished on applica-
tion. Envelopes containing proposals will be
Indorsed "Proposals No. 3447." and addressed
to MAJOR OSCAR F. LONG. Quartermaster,
I V. B. A.. Depot Quartermaster.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.. April 6, 1S01.— Sealed
proposals. In triplicate, will be received here
until .11 o'clock a. m.. Monday, May 6,
1901, and then opened, for construction of a
: sewer system at Fort Point, Cal. Govern-
i ment reserves right to reject or accept any or
all bids In whole or In part. Preference given
to articles of domestic production, conditions
of price and quality (including. In the price
of foreign productions the duty thereon) be-
ing equal, and such preference given to artl-
' cles of American production produced on the
Paclnc Coast, to extent of consumption re-
quired by the public service there. Informa-
tion furnished on application to J. M. MAR-
SHALL, Assistant Quartermaster General,
Chief Q. M.
UNITED STATES Engineer Office. Flood
building. San Francisco. Cal.. April 8. 1901.—
Sealed proposals for dredging in tidal canal.
Oakland harbor, Cal., will be received here
until 12, noon. May 22, 1901. Information on
, application. W. • H. HEUER. Lieut. Col..
Engineers. ¦
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
• y
The following marriage licenses were issued
yesteVday:
George Webb. 23. 16% Sherman street, and
Teresa Erennen. 19. 969A Howard street.
Arend Tonnles, 46, 278 Tehama street, and
Marie D. Geick, 39. 278 Tehama street.
. Percy M. .Kessler, 29, AndersDn, Ind., and
Charlotte V. Cunningham. 21, city.
Louis G. Rapp. 31. 2818 California street, and
Meta Llnne, 27, 1128 Guerrero street.
H. C. Patrick, 29, 1137 Pacific street, and
Fannie Roborts, 33, 1137 Pacific street.
James E. Hogan, 28, San . Jose, and Ha t tie
B. Harris. 19, Los Angelea.
Emile G. Bertsch. 29, .1015 Post street, and
Laure Martin, 23, S21 Jackson street.
Chris C. Roberts, 24, 131 San Carlos avenue,
and Nettie Thompson, 23, 1118 Gough street.
Hugh Tevis, 40, Monterey, and Corne.Ha M.
Baxter, 18. . Denver, Colo.
Isaac Harry, 27. 427 Fremont street, and
Selma S. Larson. 32. 427 Fremont street-
Lew On Yuk, 33, Los Angeles, and Yip Chun
Moy, 20. 707 Duiwnt street.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS
BORN.
FENNEMA— In Elmhurst. March 27. 1901, to
the wife . of Charles Fennema, a daughter.
MJTOHELL-In this city, April 8, 1901, to the
wife of J. J. C. Mitchell, a son.
— - MAB.BIED. . ~
ANSPACH— SEEGER— In this .city. April 8.
l?01, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Louis An-
spach and Margaret Seeger.
VON BREMEN— HOFFMANN— In thl3 city.
April 7, 1901. by the- Rev. J. M. Buehler.
Hermann von Bremen and Minnie Hoffmann.
~~~~ • EilED.
Afcbate, Angeline Holden. James J.
Bartels. John : ICamler. Mrs. Hanna
Beckstedt, William Ketler, William J.
.Bell, Amelia A. Kiernan. Myrtle
' Benchley. Wa B. Kimball, Charles H.
Birch, William H. Lancaster, Mrs. S. E.
Bowers. Catherine J. McCormlck, Eugene
Brucker. Gottlob Oliver. Edward C.
Crowley, John " Peterson. James
. Cunningham, - Z. H. Quinn, George F.
Dorgan. Elizabeth Ramsey, Cassie
Drew." Sarah E. Saussey. John D.
Duggan. Joseph F. Stack. Marsie
Duley, George J. P. Sutliff. Ai'.een J.
Eisen. Babette Teichmann, Win. G.
. Fennema, Grace Tumelty, Etta
Flynn, Hazel Viard, Marie
Gallagher, Mrs. Ann West, Orson C.
Gilbert. Elizabeth S. Weymouth. Mary A*.
Green, Lloyd Whalen, Annie
ABBATB— In this city. April 9. 1901, Angeline,
beloved infant daughter of Henry and Kate
Aboate, a native of San Francisco, aged S
months and 15 days.
BARTELS— In this city, April 8. 1901. John,
beloved' husband of May F. Bartels. father
of Clara J. and Viola L. ¦ Bartels, and
brother of Henry Bartels. a native of Ger-
many, aged 57 years 5 months and 1 day.
(New York papers please copy.) ,
¦ C5" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully ¦ Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from Eintracht
Hall, 237 Twelfth street, between Howard
and Folsom. Remains at the parlors of
Theodor Dlerks, undertaker, 907 Mission
street, between Fifth and Sixth. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
BECKSTEDT— In this city, April 9, 1901, Wil-
liam Beckstedt, beloved father of William
and Diedrich Beckstedt, a native of Hano-
ver, Germany, aged SO years and 5 months.*
BELL— In this city, April S. 1901. Amelia A..
beloved daughter of Frank and Marina Bell,
and sister of Frank, Edward and Millie Bell,
a native of San Francisco, aged 19 years 6,
months and 19 days. • . - •
(CyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
• (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the chapel
of Trinity Church, corner of Bush and Gough
streets. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
BENCHLEY— In this city. April 7, 1901, Wil-
liam B. Benchley, father of James W. and
William W. Benchley, a native of Herki-
l ' mer County, New York, aged 58 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances and com-
rades of the G. A. R. are respectfully invited
to attend the funeral, which will be held
under the auspices of George H. Thomas
Pest No 2. G. A. R.. at their hall. 320 Post
stree*, this day (Wednesday), at 1 o'clock.
Interment George H. Thomas Post's plat.
National Cemetery. Remains, at the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., 319 CFarrell street.
BIRCH— In Haywards, Cal., April 9, 1901, Wil-
liam II- BircH, beloved husband of Mrs. E.
J Kirch, and father of Mrs. H. C. Biggs,
W Walter Birch and Frank C. Birch, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged 63 years 5 months
and 28 days. . < .' ¦ -
IC?" Remains at 1700 Pierce street, corner of
, Sutter, i San Francisco. . Notice of funeral
hereafter.
BOWERS— In this city, April 9, 1901, at her
parents' residence. 14% Moss street, Catherine
Josephine, beloved daughter of Harry and
Sarah Bowers, a native of San Francisco,
¦ aged 6 months and 11 days.
|E2 r Funeral private.
BRUCKER— In this city, April 9, 1901, Gottlob
Brucker, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Brucker, beloved father "of Adellna. Louis
and Celma Brucker. brother of August
Brucker, and uncle of Mrs. Bertha Bold and
Charles, Auirust, Louisa, Henry and Viola
Brucker, a native of Wurtemberg, Germany,
aged 52 years 4 months and 3 days. A mem-
ber. of Mission Lodge No. 10. O. d. H. S. .
(CJ-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to' attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 8 o'clock., from his late resi-
dence, 1428 Broadway, between Polk and Lar-
kln streets, thence to. St. Bohlfags. Church,
Golden Gate avenue, near Jones Street, where
a solemn requiem high mass s will be' cele-
brated for the repoae of his soul, commenc-
ing at 0 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CROWLEY— In this city, April 8. 1901. John,
beloved • husband of Mamie A. Crowley. soft
of John F. and the late • Julia Crowley.
and • brother of Mamie and Gussle Crowley I
and Mrs. H. Klein, a native of San Fran-
cisco ased 30 years. A member of Rincon
Parlor No. 72. N\.S. G. W.
tf^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully i-vited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S:45 o'clock from the par-
lors, Cf J. C. O Connor & Co.. 767 Mission
street thence to St." Patrick's Church.' where
• a reuuiem high' mass will be celebrated for
the repese of his soul, commencing at 8
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
CUNNINGHAM — In Windsor. Sonoma County,
Cal Z. H. Cunningham, beloved husband of
Martha Ann Cunningham, and father of Mrs.
Lewis Hamlin and William L. Cunningham,'
a native of East Pittson, Me., aged 58 years
G morths and 23- da js.- .(Massachusetts . and
Maine papers please copy.)
fETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited ' to attend the funeral services
at Chanel of I. O. O. F. Crematory, San
Francisco, on Friday, April 12, at 12 o'clock.
DORGAN— In this city,' April 8. 1901. Elizabeth
Dor~an beloved wife of the late Thomas
Dorian, a native of New York.
CTThe ¦ funeral will take place this day '
'(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the par- i
lors of Cnrew & English. 41 Van Nesn ave- ]
nue th»nce • to /St. I Paul's Church, corner i
Twenty-ninth and Church streets, where a
reauiem high mass will be celebrated ror the
repose of her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment . Holy Cross Cemetery. .
DREW— In Oakland. April 9, 1901, Sarah E.'
Drew, a native of New -York State, aged 76
years and 11 da?s. . . -- . ,-^.-r- -. i
, r^ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
¦ fully Invited to attend the funeral services
• to-morrow. (Thursday), at 2 o'clock, at her
late residence. 472 Twenty-fourth street. Oak- ,
land. .-Interment private. .
DUGGAN — In this city. April 9. 1301. Joseph
- F. Duggan, beloved son of the late John and
- Bridget Dusjran, "and dearly belovsd brother
' of the late Maggie Dugcan and Mrs. . Mary
-¦ . ' " •
MOXTEZUMA COPPER AND COAL.
MONTEZUMA COPPER STOCKS.
MONTEZUMA COPPER STOCKS.
MONTHZUMA CO1TER STOCKS.
MONTHZUMA COPPER STOCKS.
• E:
Copper 1* the best minlnc proposition !n th«
world to-day, for the tcllowin* reasons:
1. The crowlnp demax-.d for copper occasioned,
bv the advance In electrical construction.
J. T!:* depletion of copper deposits upon
tvhlrh the trade has httherto laxircly depended-.
S. Tlie Immense bodU»a of low-grade ore. in
fnvorcd localities enabling companies wtth large
capital to make their propertica dlvldend-payert
almost from the bediming.
4. nrttt-r than cold beeauee "rold is where
you find it." and. considering the large number
of pnld mines, is rarely found in paying quan-
tities; hur.e bodies of copper ore carry uniform
values and don't "peter out."
5.. Belter than oil. because of the numerous
nl Ideal companies.
WASHINGTON COPPER MINES.
Perhaps the largest copper deposits in the
world lie In the State of Washington; they were
Ciscovfcred and development work begun In
Forae sections only a few years ago; the oldest '
of these mines are great producers to-day and
pre making fortunes for the holders of the
etock.
THE MONTEZUMA MINING COMPANY.
This newest and at the same time the largest
of copper companies In Washington offers pre-
cisely the same opportunities that thousands of
people lave grasped to their profit. It has
twenty-four fine properties in the famous Car-
bon River and Tahoma districts at the base of
Kount Rainier, fifty-two miles from Tacoma,
one cf the most favored mining regions in the
world, by reason of *he large bodies of low-
Erade ore, its proximity to rail and water trans- '
portatlon, and the abundance of timber and
water en the properties themselves. This and
adjacent regions have already produced values
amounting to $100,000,000, antl the output has
hardly commenced.
The company is capitalized at $10,000,000, of
which JS.OOO.OOO is treasury stock, non-assess-
able under the laws of Washington.
Trie four properties of the "Tacoma" group
ere destined to become one of the most pro-
ductive mines on ths Pacific Coast. These
•lone, when developed, will bring the company's !
stock to par. The ore is thown in a vein thirty
feet wide, which is traceable on the surface of
the whole width of the company's holdings. The
Tacoma tunnel has basn driven over one hun-
dred feet in 6olid ore. running over $60 to the
ton. There are fifteen distinct veins of minerals
in the company's properties, and it Is not un-
reasonable to expect that as many more will
come to light as the properties are developed.
THE ASSAYS.
The following Is the result of ten assays taken
from samples of ore in the tnnnel of the Ta-
coma mine of the Montezuma Company:
Per cent Ounces Ounces Total
Copper. Gold. Silver. Values.
88 12-100 5 $134 60
20 12-100 3 75 68
IS 24-100 3 54 33
n 60c 4.5C 4S in. SO in. 33 35
U 40c S.36 48 In. 16 In. 56 81
S 20c .56 4S in. 2 in. 17 76
13.22 4-100 2.02 28 24
.24.26 3-100 4.C2 85 46
29.41 6-109 8.03 105 99
E.S8 Trace Trsce 20 00
Average, $61 22 per ton.
HIGH PERCENTAGES OF COPPER.
"The high peroentacres of copper in these
northern deposits are what -will attract the at-
tention of the mining world. It is nothing un-
usual for them to run from 25 to 7S per cent of
copper. What these high percentages mean will
be better understood when it Is known that the
Calumet and Hecla mine of Michigan Is paying
dividends this year (1SO0) of $40,000,000 from
ore carrying only 4 per cent copper."— San
Francisco Chronicle.
A NEW RAILROAD.
The power plant for an electric railroad is al-
ready completed, and tiie laying of the track Is'
only waiting the development of the ore bodies
so that fifty tons of ore a day can be mined.'
This will enable the Montezuma Company to
place its ore at the Tacoma smelter for $4 25
per ton. and at the r«*w Fairfax smelter for
one-fourth of that amount.-^(See dispatch In
The Examiner of March 21 for railroad building
to mines.)
DIVIDENDS.
All moneys received from the profits of the
Montezuma mines will be paid in dividends to
<he shareholders. Such funds cannot be rein-
vested in the company. Tne opening of the
mines and all expenses incident thereto must
be provided for out of the sale of Pharos until
returns are ' obtainable from the properties.
Stockholders will rem amber that in purchasing
shares in this company they at once become in-
terested in all the properties owned by them.
THE VALUE OF CJOOD MANAGEMENT.
The success of a mining property depends in
a large measure upon the integrity and knowl-
edge of its management.
C. W, Thompson, pr-sident, is also president
.of the Washington Co-operative Syndicate (a
dividend payer), was manager of the Northern
Pacific Railway Company's mining interests for
five years in Dakota, Idaho and Washington.
Thomas Carroll, trustee 'and vice president;
Judge of the Superior Court of Pierce County.
Clark Davis, trustee; register of the Univer-
sity of Washington.
E. M. Ehelton, trustee: late instructor in agri-
culture to the Government of Queensland, Aus-
tralia.
J. M. Williamson, trustee; Judge of the Su-
perior Court of Pierce County.
J. D. Mclntyre, consulting engineer, was for
years chief engineer of the Homestake mine.
South Dakota.
EXAMINATION OF THE PROPERTIES.
Investors have only to see the properties to
appreciate their worth. With a view to en-
courage subscriptions tc the stock In a large
way we will give intending investors every op-
portunity to examine the mines where 200,000
or more shares are contemplated on a cash
basis. We will be glad to arrange with such
for sharing the expenses of examination.
EXCURSION iUNE 15.
On June 15 we ¦will run a special train of
Pullman Drawlng-Room Sleeping Cars from
San Francisco to Tacoma and Seattle. Fare,
round trip, $40, or free transportation to the
purchaser of stock. Sn.i for excursion folder.
COrOPERATION AND CONSOLIDATION.
Co-operation and consolidation are tha watch-
words of the business world to-day. The enter-
prises which make money for their owners are
those which are operated In the largest possible
way and with the greatest economy of manage-
ment. The Montezuma Mining Company has
been organized with these great facts of modern
business life fully in view. It owns and controls
twenty-four <24) mining properties, and expects
soon to acquire others. This policy Is pursued
because business experience has taught that
only by thus consolidating interests can be had
the most efficient mano^njent. combined with
the lowest operating expenses, and. consequent-
ly, the largest profit. Instead of a dozen or
more feeble, struggling companies, each having
its official end technical staff, the Montezuma
operates an entire group of mines with its sin-
gle, highly trained and efficient management.
Investors will not bs clow to perceive that this
jtolicy of consolidation and co-operation < means
tcr them a concentration of values in the stock
of the company. Every single share really rep-
resents a'.l that is back of many -shares in
Eir.a'.ler companies.
IXDES IT PAT TO BUT MINING STOCK?
Some people say it J?ea not; and some people
cay it does. -
Thnse people who know nothing about it say
it dues not pay.
Dut the people who own 1000 shares of stock
in the Quiucy draw nearly $6009 cash yearly J
dividenus; those pcopl" who own 1000 shares in J
the Tamarack received iaj=t year $17,000 in dlv- j
idrnds; in the Calumet and Hecla they drawl
;¦:. ¦••jt $."3. CM yearly: Sn the Alaska-Tread well j
About CXSM yearly; In the Richardson of Nova j
Scotia Z2~-00 yearly, and in the Homestake cf I
Fouth Dakota they draw $SOOD yearly on each
1000 chares cf stock. Ths list can be extended
to include Si6 minins companies at least in the
I'nltpd States alone; to own 1000 shares cf stock
la «:iy cne of them would insure a good yearly
income. " - .
If you had bought 1000 shares of the "Le
Re}-" Gold Mining Company five ygars ago it
wuuld have co£t iL'j. It is now worth JlO.CG-'j.
__ tt __ ¦ -
THE AMERICAN GUARANTY & TRUST CO..
Financial Agents,
810 Safe Deposit Building, San Francisco.
Telephone Main 5S03.
(Read the Other Column.)Mrs. Gustavus Arnold's rendering of the
next number, a "scena" from Bruch's
"Andromache aus Achilleus." was per
haps the most musioianly effort of the
evening, as it was also the most musically
important. She wts heartily applauded
and responded with a little song that dis
played even better than the Bruch the
sweet and sympathetic timbre of her
voice. Miss Ames, accompanied by Mrs.
Casserly, was charmingly heard in • "Le
Cygne" of Saint-Saens. L. Van Linghem
displayed a bass voice of fine quality in
his Brahms and d'Hardelot -numbers, and
gave a quaint little French child song as
encore. Miss Agnes Burgin gave the
charming "Invocation" of d'Hardelot,
with violin, 'cello and harp accompani
ment, and the programme ended with
selections from Lilli Lehmann's song
cycte, "In a Persian Garden," sung by
The first number on the programme was
the Schumann Quartet* (op. 47), two move
ments — sostenuto -assal and allegro ma
non troppo— effectively played by Miss
Hulda Anderson (piano), B. G. Lathroo
(violin). Miss Ames (cello) and B. G.
Somers (viola). Donald de V. Graham
came next, with a quaint * Handel aria.
"Where You Walked," and a "Venetian
Serenade." Mr. Graham was in unusually
good voice. Third on the programme were
the harp numbers of Mrs. J. B. Casserly,
some favorite old Irish, Scotch and Welsh
melodies, enthusiastically received by the
audience. Mrs. Casserly responded to an
insistent encore with "Drink to Me Only
With Thine Eyes."
best, gave grace to the festival,
and the cleverest fingers and throats of
society provided' the entertainment; and
society may be proud of its musical rep
resentatives, for the well-balanced and
well-rendered programme would have
done credit %o professional . effort. A
slight backset was experienced in the in
disposition of Edgar Mills, which was suf
ficiently serious to prevent. his appear
ance, but Donald de V. Graham kindly
substituted at the last moment for tha
tenor In his solo and Vail Bakewell un
dertook Mr. Mills* part in the song cycle
"In a Persian Garden."
>t|<HE charity concert given at the
I Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
I last night was a distinct success.
11 A brilliant crowd, gowned in their
No flowers went over the footlights, just
like a- truly performance, except to the
prinia donna assoluta, ! Mrs. Flora Arn
old., There was a tremendous bunch of
American Beauties and another of;flam
ing carnations for her, and she received
them with a ravishing smile, a generous
courtesy and a pleasing encore. .
There was considerable nervousness on
the part of those who assisted, but it was
the ladles who contributed the greater
amount of stage fright, to the programme.
This nervousness, however, did no more
than to make them look pale and the
whole affair went off without a single
hitch. \
There were some gorgeous costumes
seen -In the audience and some rarely
beautiful gowns worn by the ladies who
so splendidly assisted., •
Miss Bessie Ames and Mrs. Arnold were
most attractive in stunning black gowns
Mrs. Arnold's dress was of black silk all
Society ways . and society manners
stopped, however, with the audience.
Those who took part, in the programme
were as professional as it was possible to
be at so short a notice. Edgar Mills, like
a real live tenor, developed a case of too
much climate, and Horp.ce Platt, smooth
and glib as a truly, impresario, made
Mills* excuses and begged indulgence of
"the splendid audience for his substitute,
one who is always sure to please — Donald
de ,V. Graham." Then there were other
interesting bits not > down on the pro
gramme. Most impressive of all, how
ever, was • when Jack Casserly got a
splendid hand as he deftly removed his
wife's .harp from the stage.
' The audience just comfortably -filled the
Searles gallery. . It ,was, naturally, well
dressed. It warmed,, natiif ally again,
but slowly to the treat offered, but once
enthused it clapped its heartiest and
smiled Its kindliest.
A compiler of a blue bogk could ¦ have
got out his list with ease and accuracy
just by jotting down the "among those
present," and might truthfully have said,
"This is the 400." ':" : , •
i Society, in the most exclusive use of the
term, came, listened and, applauded at the
charity concert last evening in a way
worthy of itself^ the performers and the
programme. , . ¦..,':'
Performers Acted.
ABOUT THOSE PRESENT.
The Gowns, and How Audience and
ABTNA CO^N MAKES 1AEGE
BEQUESTS TO CHARITIES
Decedent's Will Disposing of a $30O.
000 Estate Is Filed for •
\ Probate, y'
•-The will of Anna Cohn] who died April
3. leaving an estate valued at $300,000, was
filed for probate' yesterday. ¦ Decedent be
queaths $5000 each t,o the Protestant, He
brew ,and- Catholic orphan/ asylums, the
Mount Zion Hospital and . the , Emanuel
Sisterhood, all of this city. The sum of
$25,000 is intrusted to .William Loewy, the
interest to be expended -upon the care of
the graves of decedent's parents, Edward
T. and "Pauline Cohn. Other specific be
quests ' are •¦ made = as -- : ' follows: To Grace
Unger and Hattie Gabriel, friends, $5000
each; Freda Fried and, Hannah Brown,
cousins. J2000 each; to .Alfred, .-Else. Ger
trude, and George -Fuerst'enberg. cousins,
the sum of $25,000, ¦ to* be divided among
them." The > residue is devised . and . be
queathed In equal shares to Frau" Bertha
Fuerstenberg. decedent's grandmother;
Walter and Margaret Loewy, Emmy' and
Helene • Marchke and Birdie and Grace
Cohn. •. .-. -- •: ¦...-¦ ,.¦:.•¦ ,- . v . *.\
•¦¦ William Loewy,. AdolphV TJnger i and
Hugo, Rothschild are named as executors
to serve without bonds. :: The will ; is holo
graphic and bears ; date -of February 15, j
Christian Science.
The Christian. Scientists of this city
have arranged for a free public lecture to
be given in : Metropolitan Temple nexi
Sunday afternoon.' at 3 ' o'clock. The
speaker .will be Dr. A. A.- Sulcer,' C. S. B.;
of Riverside, Cal., who is a member of the
Christian Science board of lectureship es
tablished by • the First Church' of Christ,
Scientist, in 'Boston, Mass., for the pur
pose of giving reliable information in re
gard to the teachings, of Christian Sci
ence. As Dr. Sulcer was a regular prac
ticing physician | for twenty-seven yeai s
and has now - been practicing Christian
Science mind-healing for about seven
years, his lecture on •'Christian Science
Applied" will be of. intciest to those who
wish to be enlightenei on this . subject.
The lecture is given under the auspices of
First Church of Christ. Scientist, in this
city* and the public is cordially Invited.
¦ The Board of- Public Works yesterday
: awarded the contract for building- the
nurses' -home on the grounds of the City
and County Hospital to James McSheehy
for $M92. .
Contract for Nurses' Building.
The action of Recording Secretary W. B:
Currier of the Barbers' Union in opposing
the -boycott levied against the California
Baseball League by the Building 'Trades
Council was indorsed by the 1500 members
of the union at its last meeting.
«. Currier's Action Indorsed.
ABANDONMENT OF ROAD
BEINGS ON AN ARGUMENT
The Railroad Commissioners at their
regular monthly ¦ meeting yesterday lis
tened to long arguments by C. S. Sutton,
auditor, and H. J. Stevens, assistant solic
itor, of the Santa Fe Railway Company.
They cpoke in behalf of the abandonment
of the track of the company between En
glewood and Santa Monica. The matter
was laid over until to-day, when Messrs.
Tanner and Taft. attorneys for the prop
erty holders of Santa Monica, will arrive
in this city and give their side of the sltu
etion.
The Railroad Commissioners say that
they will also take up the matter of the
scarcity of oil-tank cars. The oil men of
Kern. County demand that more cars be
placed at their disposal at once by the
railroad -companies. What definite step
¦will be taken Jn the matter by the Rail
road Commissioners is hard to predict
ts it is to a certain extent out of their
jurisdiction.
The officers of the International Associ
ation of Machinists ©f San Francisco have
sent a communication to the various iron
manufacturing firms of this city, request
ing a conference between a committee
from the . machinists' organization and
representatives of the firms.
Inclosed with the * communication is an
agreement which the manufacturers are
asked to sign, granting the machinists
shorter hours. The purpose of the 'con
ference is to enable the workmen and the
representatives of the firms to discuss the
proposed demand for a nine-hour work
day. . ' •
The communication requests the manu
facturers, to consider the proposed agree
ment before May 1. _ . .
UNION MACHINISTS ASK
FOR A NTNE-HOTJR DAY
International Association Communi
. cates With Manufacturing Finns ¦
and Requests a Conference.
The Horse Shoe Coffee and Chop
House, No. 12 Grant avenue, has changed
hands and ¦will be run hereafter under new
management, first-class in every par
ticular. ' . . •
t. It u - eras found that the woman was
severely burned about the face, breast and
back. Her burns were dressed and she
was put to bed. .
; The police were notified and they found
Mrs. Pfaff at her home on Harrison street,
near Twelfth. She was brought to i the
Southern Police Station and a charge of
assault to murder placed against her. •»
' The Marvin woman has been separated
from her husband for some time. The
neighbors claim that her home has been
the rendezvous' of a.' number - of women,
who get ¦ drunk and make nighi'- hideous
with their orgies.
- Mrs. Marvin claim that when she re
turned home early last evening she found
the door to • her room barricaded and
charged Mrs. Pfaff, . who . was near by,
with annoying her. Mrs. Pfaff followed
her Into the house after an entrance had
been effected- 1 and --began -to abuse -her.
Suddenly she picked up the lamp, so it is
claimed, and hurled it at Mrs. Marvin.
¦ The bedding Inthe room was'burned "and
onl K S uic k action of the neighbors pre
vented the burning of the house.
• Mrs. Pfaff denies throwing the lamp and
claims that it was upset accidentally.
Neighbors were attracted to the scene
by the- cries of- the ¦ heloless victim, who
was running about the yard in a vain en
deavor to find some way of r/utting out
the flames that enveloped her. A blanket
was thrown over the woman and '1-. the
flames smothered, i A call was sent for an
ambulance and the sufferer was soon on
her way- to 'the! Receiving -Hospital.
•Maggie Pfaff, a married woman, quar
reled .with Mamie Marvin at the home of
the last named, in the rear of,1411A Fol
som''Street, last- night, and after a wordy
argument ended the affair by" throwing a
lighted coal oil lamp into the face of her
unfortunate opponent.
Maggie Pfaff in a Rage Se
verely Injures Mamie
i Marvin.
- Inthe audience as. well as on the stagv»
there was a wealth jf jewels, rare laces
and gowns that represented the best' art
of hat and dress makers. Mrs. Eleano-
Martln wore a magnificent gown of finest
black chantilly over white silk. The gor
geous net trailed fully a yard behind her
and covered the entire dress. Miss Jennie
Blair's opera coat was composed entirely
of duchess lace and opened «to- reveal a
splendid white satin gown trimmed with
pink roses. Miss Hurley of Boston, who
was Miss Blair's guest, was gorgeously
arrayed in a glittering black gown •with
out a single dash of color to relieve it.
Miss Frances Hopkins was also magnifi
cent in an all black glitter gown. She wore
a red rose in; her hair that was most ef
fective.
The Taylor box was without exception
the most attractive on account of its oc
cupants of any in the house. In it were
Mr. and Mrs. Will Taylor. Mr. and Mrs.
Augustus Taylor, Miss Georgiana Hop
kins.. Miss Frances^ Hopkins and Miss
Therese Morgan. .;¦>;.
All the ladies in. this lox with the ex
ception of Mrs. Gus Taylor were in full
evening dress and all with the exception
of Miss Frances Hopkins wore white.
THROWS LIGHTED
LAMP AT WOMAN
a-glltter with jet embroidery and Miss
Ames' dress was of fluffy black tulle, sim
ple and stylish and extremely becoming.
Miss Agnes Bergin wore a flaming rf=d
gown that set off her rare blonde beauty
to splendid advantage.
Mrs. Lathrop and. Mrs. Casserly chose
white as the color, of their. gowns. Mrs.
Casserly's dress was sweetly ' simple as
a debutante's* and Mrs. LathroD's gown
was made strikingly attractive by the ar
tistic arrangement of a big black velvet
bow that was def tlv fastened to the
bodice. 1 • • ••: •
¦ Lieutenant Lloyd England, who is to be
the. best man, at the wedding,, gave, the
prospective groom a dinner last' evening
in the dining-room of the. Presidio Club.
The decorations, of the* table were de
cidedly military and the prevailing colors
were red for the artillery, yellow for the
cavalry and j white for the infantry.
Dinner was > served at 7:30. Lieutenant
England's guests were; Lieutenant Kess
ler, Major Boyd, Captain Eugene T. Wil
son. Lieutenant GuyCarleton, Lieutenant
William A. Lieber, Lieutenant Luther* M
Overstreet. Lieutenant ? Orin G. Murfin,
Lieutenant George- Cook Sweet. Captain
C. C. Clark, Colonel James Lockett, Cap
tain A. TV. Kimball, .Major L. C. Andrews.
Major Joe Wheeler, Captain Edwin B.
WInans, Lieutenant ¦ D. \ M. Koehler and
Archie Cunningham.
In Honor of Prospective Groom.
¦Miss Charlotte Ellinwood, who is to be
maid of honor at the wedding of Miss
Charlotte Cunningham and Lieutenant'
Kessler this evening, gave the fair bride
to-be a dinner last evening, at the home
of her parents. Dr. and Mrs. ' Ellinwood.
on Pacitic avenue. The table decorations
were in red, complimentary to the artil
lery. Seated at the table were Miss Char
lotte Cunningham, Miss Leontine Blake
man. Miss Mary Polhemus, ' Miss Kate
May Dillon. Miss Lillie Reias. Miss May
¦Reiss, Miss Jean Hoskins, Miss Mattie
Pratt and Miss Mattie Steele Milton.
Luncheon to Miss Hoyt.
Miss Olive Holbrook gave a delightful
luncheon yesterday afternoon at her home
on Van Ness avenue complimentary to
Miss EAta/ Hoyt of Ne"y York. Buttercups
made an effective table decoration. After
lucheon Topping, the mind-reader, enter
tained • the guests with his many clever
fea,ts.- Miss Holbrook's guests Were: Miss
Hoyt, Mrs. Keyes, Mrs. Frank Grilnn,
Miss Ethel Cooper, Miss Lucle King, Miss
Margaret Salisbury. Miss Fannie Baldwin
and Miss Sophie Pierce. -
Miss Emily Schneeley and Jules Brett
were quietly married yesterday afternoon
at the residence of the bride's mother,
Mrs. Adolph Schneeley, on Harrison street.
Father Hamet of the French Church per
formed the ceremony. The bride was un
attended. Eugene de Coulom acted as
best-, man. The "bride wore ; a handsome
gown \of white crepe de chine elaborately
trimmed with old lace. A veil and. wreath
of orange blossoms completed the exquis
ite costume. About -fifty guests witnessed
the ceremony. Mr. and Mrs. Brett left
last evening for a bridal trip, keeping
their destination a secret. Their future
home will be In this city.
Mr. Tevis- and his bride will leave on,
Thursday morning fort uridal trip. On
their return they will make a short stay
in town as the euests of Mrs. Tevis at the
family mansion on Taylor street.'-.
The event of Easter, week, the wedding
of Hugh Tevis and Miss'Cornella Baxter,
will take place* this evening in., the par
lors of Mr. and Mrs! Baxter at the Pal
ace Hotel. It is to be an extVemely quiet
affair and only the Immediate relatives of
the contracting parties will be present.
There will be no attendants. Rev. Dr.
Foute of Grace Church will officiate.
Schneeley-Brett Marriage — Holbrook
' : Ltuncheon— Dinner for. Miss Cun
: ningtiam and Lieutenant
Tevis-Baxter to
\ Take Place; in Palace
Parlors.
THREE EASTER
WEEK WEDDINGS
The combination of the companies doing
a trading: and transportation business In
Alaska, of which exclusive advance infor
mation was given in The Call, has been
; effected. All the corporations that have
been largely identified with the business
have agreed to unite in two corporations
with one exception, £his belng ; the North
American Trading and Transportation
Company, in which the Cudahys and the
AVeares of Chicago are the moving spirits.
Why the Chicago concern chose to remain
outside of the combination and what ac
tion this may. portend .s not known here.
The corporations that have agreed to
unite are the Alaska Commercial Com
pany, the Alaska Exploration Company,
the Seattle- Yukon Transportation Com
pany and the Empire Transportation Com
pany. The last named i* the Pacific Coast
branch of the International Navigation
Company.
A meeting of representatives of the sev
eral companies Involved in the deal was
held yesterday afternoon, after which in-,
.formation was griven out officially. Wil
liam Thomas of Thomas & Gerstle. attor
neys, who have acted in the making of the
deal, was also present.
Two Corporations Formed.
Two corporations have been provided for
under the laws of New Jersey and the
papers are now on the way to that State.
The Northen Navigation Company will
take over all the assets of the old corpora
tions enumerated that axe connected ¦with
transportation - in the northern country
and will be known as the Northern Navi
gation Company. This will be handled as
a separate corporation and will do a pure
ly transportation business. It Is capital
ized at $3,250,000. The other corporation
will be known as the Northern Commer
cial company, capitalized at $7,000,000. It'
¦will take over all the plants and stocks of
merchandise now under the control of th3 ;
four companies named in the territory de- '
scribed, which includes the Yukon, S'..
Michael, Bering Sea and Port Clarence
districts.
The principal offices of the new com
. panies will be at San P"rancisco. Seattle,
Victoria and Vancouver. The officers of
the companies will 3e chosen at the first
meeting of the directors, who have not
yet been named. It v/as eiven out that
the purposes are to afford better facilities;
to aid in the develooir.ent of the country:
to reduce the price of supplies, which can
be done by reason of the saving in having
to sustain only one set of plants instead
of several: to provide against any possible
shortage of supplies in the north in the
future, and to make a legitimate profit in
the reduction of expenditures, which un
der the conditions existing In late years
have been large.
Property Involved in Deal.
The original purpose, when the subject
matter was taken unier consideration,
was to arrive at some understanding for
the maintenance of transoortation rates
and to remedy various' conditions. As the
discussion progressed the scheme was en
larged so that It has lesulted as related
in the foregoing.
Included in the transfer of properties
are thirty-six river boats, launches and
barges, but" no ocean steamers. Neither
are there any mining properties in the
doal. During the present year only ths
companies will operate the ocean steamers
Commaugh. Portland. St. Paul and Dora
ancl also sailing vessels and steamers un
der charter. Those present when the news
was given out said that there was no
stock deal in the matter. No statement
was made concerning the proportions In
which the stockholders in the old corpora
tions will receive shares in the new one.
Pacific Companies Unite, but Larga
Chicago Concern Refuses to Be
come Party to the Agree
ment Adopted..
Forming of Two Corpora
tions With Ten Millions .
Capital.
PERFECT ALASKA
TRADE COMBINE
THE SA^; FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, AFRlL 10; 1901
Charity Entertainment at Mark Hopkins Institute At=
tracts a Brilliant Throng,
SOCIETY'S CLEVER ARTISTS
MAKE CONCERT A SUCCESS
12
AT THE PROMENADE CONCERT," IN
AID OF CHARITY, AT HOPKINS ART
INSTITUTE.
Mrs. B. G. Lathrop, soprano; Miss Agnes
Burgin, contralto; Vail Bake well, tenor,
and L. Van Linghem, bass. Mrs. Lathrop
has a clear, pure high soprano and a de
lightful method. Altogether the society
concert was a most successful affair and
the proceeds will substantially aid the
charities which are to be the beneficiaries
of the 'event.
•Phone Howard 1021.
119 TAYLOR STREET.
LEADINC CASH SALES.
COFFEES pSSi'.?f^..^.25c
UUMLU Verybest-10O per cent lfcUU
pure — no prizes; 5 pounds limit.
OLIVES— SELECTED, bottle, lOc
CHEESE .:pS&.:... IOC
U IIUUUU., Wilson>s .,_ Rlch and dl- IUU
gestible. Best money can buy.
' PINK BEANS, 7 lbs., 25c
uuuumiui Pure freshi sweet , lfc 2*'
tender. Same a3 30c package.
EDDY'S SALAD MUSTARD, bottle. lOc
OAl/rO Fancy Mixed, pound Ifln
IjA|VLO"A B C" Brand— fresh lyf!
uni%ww made Best materialg used . '»»
TOOTH PICKS. 5c package. 2p
MACAR0NIS&-^-.^l9c
HORSERADISH-Fresh, bottle. 10c
niOTII C Soap, French, genuine, tf\ n
hAM lit 3-pound bar |HR
UHOIIUU M^ de frompure Olive IUU
.Oil, clean and healthful. This soap holds
Its friends. This price holds our trade.
POT SCRUBBERS, 3 for 5c
nilTTrQ Point Reyes or Hum- A71 n
nil I I rn bol dt, square / I O I:
UU I I UU u SU ai. sl Z e. Made f rom ¦*¦ ' 2«
fresh sweet cream. ; Taste it.
¦WHISKY, XXX, large bottle, 55c'
PLUMSd DI tln G A....^.... b ! a . nd : |5C
I L.UIII p rO p er puadlng for dinner. iwu
regular 25c •
BUTTER— FRESH churned, 24c
Country orders filled same day received.
Freight prepaid.
1 * ."; Glickman Gets Six Months.
David Glickman, a Jeweler on'Devlsa-
dero street who had . a charge of grand
larceny reduced to petty larceny, by a
jury in Judge Cook's court, was yester-
day sentenced to six months In the Coun-
ty Jail. He. gave a chattel mortgage on
' his furniture to .C. T. Rea and afterward
disposed of it to another person- He was
arrested several times by customers for
pawning watches and jewelry given him
, for repairs.
when the
or muffin is
----¦• ____¦_!!"•¦¦¦ Powder '
. ' ¦ '•" . risen*: ¦':,./; \
Stale bread for breakfast is barbarous;
hot, yeast-ri|eii rolls are dyspeptic.
BAKING POWDER
adds anti-dyspeptic qualities to the food , :
and makes delicious hot-bread, hot- ; :
biscuit, rolls, muffins or griddle cakes,
whose fragrance and beauty tempt the '
laggard morning appetite, and whose
wholesome and nutritive qualities
afford the highest sustenance for both
The "Royal Baker, and Pastry Cook"— con- . rhere are cheap baking powdere, madefrom
tainaig over 800 most practical and valuable alum, but they are exceedingly harmful to '
cooking receipts — free to every patron. health. Their astringent and cauterizing
Send postal card with your full address. qualities add a dangerous element to foodT
•V r :".-:¦ - ' . ADVERTISEMENTS.
On MONDAY, April 8th, we will open
up and place on sale a most elegant
assortment of the following New
Fairies. •:: •
, 5 Cases NEW JAPANESE WASH SILKS, extra fine
cnialltu, in all the leading shades, such as Rose,
Green, Lavender, Gohelln, National, Jasper, Car-
. dinalj.Ciel and White,
7 Cases NEW FRENCH CHALYS, Yerg latest patterns/- -
In new Persian Effects, ' Foulard " Designs, Polka
Dots, Floral Effects, FanCg Stripes and Plain Colors.
These Chains Gome in all wool and silk and wool, and
are from the lest manufacturer in Europe.
¦2 Cases (125 pieces) NEW PRINTED FOULARD SILKS,
all 24. Indies wide and fine twill satin finish. The
colorings are Reseda, Old Rose, Argent, Gohelin,
National, Cardinal, Electric, Etc., Etc., and the
designs are exclusive and confined to us.
15 Cases FINE WASH FABRICS, In Silk Ginghams, Mep-
cerlzed Foulards, Printed Dimities, English Gala- .
teas, Emhroldered Swiss, Japanese Crepes, Silk and
Linen Ginghams; and Woven Lace Tissues,
All the above goods will be on display
s in our Iar£e show windows this. week.
111, 113, 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
I A Surprise
H In handsome Furniture Is one of the
B most agreeable surprises that de-
m lights the mistress of a home, espe-
I cially in such New and Beautiful
B designs in Bedroom Suits. Chlffon-
gj iers. Sideboards, Extension Tables
il and Folding Beds, which we have
h been selling for the last few days at
I 20.% discount
I For cash on our regular prices.
3 This sale will continue only for tho
m balance of this week. It is an op-
m portunity seldom offered.
gl All our goods are marked in plain
m figures.
I CASH OR CREDIT.
I KRAGEN FURNITURE CO.,
I 1015-1017 Market St.
j Tel. South 371. Opp. Taylor.
? £ America Ahead of tha World In Electrical Inren- • '
? tlons! Everybody knows this! Our new Body-"*
' Battery, (U. 8. Pa tent) is ttrictly an American ' '
* inTentlon-THK Belt of the Centriry. it sends a '
? powerful, reversible enrrent through the human 1
k body from Head to Font, marine Chronic and Z
? Nervous Diseases and Weakness of Male or 1'emale -
? as if by 3Ia?ic. So positive are we that no otheT *
? belt is the en rial of " Dr. Plerce's." that we will send ••
? It ON APPKOVAL for comparison with anr belt*
? D.0T7 sold in America. " Seeing is Believing.*' • t
, SOTE.— We never serd belt» "On Trial," there- 1
? fore to ordering "Dr. Plerce's" no risk is ran of •?
? contracting »Lln isi>en<r or ether Disorders by ?
-U3iiur an appliance prevlonnlr worn br utbvr 4
* per».»n*. Call, or send a 2c. st.im.p for oe-w "BooSJet *?
No.1' Address: PlEKCKKLEf-TRICCO.T
? 1145 "Broadway, (near 26th St.) New York Z
fcOr 6SO Market Street, San Francisco!*
DB. W0N3 WOO TEA AND HBBB SAHITABIUX.
, 764- 768 CLA? BTBEET.
San Francisco, Dec. 2*. Meo.
EX"faIJgya To all whom It may conce-i-
I I» December. 1839. I was taken
'fe^ 0 «ick with BlackTyphold Fever
fjL* y the raost virulent type known
-3&* jA to medical science. I had hem- v
2K^W3v orrhages, both nasal and bites-
r&Zg&Sfo tlnal - eight of the latte?<£cur-
yMB^-W^ iT- K iT \, one day " Dl "- Won,
'SfmilkMxi "Woo. the eminent Chinese phy-
sician, was caned, and with one dose of hii
tea stopped the flow or blood, thereby savin-
my life, as I had been given up by mywhite
physician, as well as by all my friend J w a t
unconscious four weeks, bat by Dr. Wong Voo'J
wonderful skill he saved my life from this mos*
fata l°i fi 1 fevers - Altho-a-rh I was contort to*
my bed three months, was able to resume mv
vocation in six minths from the time I w^nt to
bed. and now I weigh 203 pounds, more than I
had ever attained previously. I 'wouM cheer
DR.MCNULTY.
•&o3rv?s^W n^- T 5 ra "^"w*--HoSS:
;-» 3a auy»<5:<-0toS.30ev'g».Snridays,l0to 1X c ,, n , ul :
tatiouIreeaadsacredlyconfldentfaL Call oladdrSj
o<.*,T^- ROSCOE MeXm/TY. 25. D.
3OJ5 liearny St., Saa Francisco, C2*"